. (Continued on Second Page.)
formal conference of the local operators
to-night the report of the negotiations for
settling the strike was discussed and the
consensus of opinion was that Influences
reported to be at work to effect a settle
ment are of a political hue and that these
Interests 1 cannot advance any argument
that will cause the operators to turn from
the course they have mapped out, namely,
fighting to a finish the threatened in
vasion of the anthracite region by the
United Mine Workers' organization. The
general opinion here is that the Influences
referred to are of such a powerful nature
that the operators cannot well stand out
against" them, and it is believed that the
strike will be settled. The means of set-
President Mitchell paid that; he had
been watching the bituminous coal field
cloeely. for Just such a move as he alleges
has been made by the railroads mentioned
in his'telegram, and he does not fear that
they will make much of a success ln'get
tln? the soft coal into the anthracite
market. The miners in the Central Penn
sylvania region, he ; continues, are In
thorough sympathy with their - fellow
workmen in the" eastern part of the State.
frfely FUiiplied by anthracite operator's. We
are informed that the Philadelphia and Read
lny. Delaware and Hudson and Jersey Central
railroads are now attempting to defeat an
thracite utrilie by sending their cars Into Cen
tral Pennsylvania to have th«-m loaded with
bituminous coal. Please comply with this re
quest, at or.ee.
PRESIDENT JOHN MITCHELL
OF UNITED MINE WORKERS'
UNION, LEADER OF STRIKE.
PRESIDENT TRUESDALE OF
DELAWARE. UKAWANXA
AND WESTERN RAILROAD.
tlement of the Strike.
SCRANTON, Pa.. Sept. 27.— At an 1
Outline of Probable Means for Se
WILL RAISE PRICE OF COAL.
the strike was at the collieries, of O. B.
Markle & Co. As predicted by the strike
leaders yesterday, there was a consider
able reduction in the forces working at
the various collieries operated by this
firm. The strikers say that the mines are
practically Idle, while all that the general
superintendent of the mines said was that
the.' collieries were started as usual to
day. Of the thirty odd collieries in this
region thirteen are completely tied up and
the remainder are more or less crippled,
not one running full, not many of them
having mined any coal to speak of since
the strike started.
The entlre'Hazleton region was quiet to
day, and the only noticeable change In
. "It i.s' absolutely untrue. : I am not.em
powered to accept .anything less than
what the miners In convention decided to
ask for. Anything, under, those demands
must be acted upon .by a regular conven
tion > of delegates "representing the "anthra
cite miners."' .'•'-"*
chell said
In speaking about the rumors of a set
tlement Mr. Mitchell said the strike could
not be ended without his knowing It and
that he had no knowledge of any effort
that might now be in progress which
would lead to an Immediate settlement.
Mr. Mitchell's attention was called to a
dispatch in which J. Pierpont Morgan Is
credited with saying that Mitchell would
accept a 10 per cent advance. Mr. Mit-
lU.ort fs current that operators have made
concessions in was; scale and will attempt to
induce mine-workers to resume work. Please
advice a\\ miners In your district that no at
tention should be cl vp n to ib«>««" report*, and
that they will be officially notified should any
o.Tcr oi settlement be made. ' Under no con
sideration whatever should work be resumed
unless authorized by a-commlttee representing
all mlne-worktr.i In the anthracite district. It
Is vitally important that all miners stand flrn.
and determined and not b« deceived by those
whoso Interest it is to defeat the purpose for
which the striko was Inaugurated. " . ..
This was a day of rumors. Around
strike headquarters .there were stories in
circulation that Archbishop Ryan and
Senator Hanna were coming here to see
President Mitchell; that all the coal car
rying roads had agreed to arbitrate all
differences and that the strike had been
settled. The laft mentioned; rumor was
the only one which the leaders paid any
attention- to and in connection with it
they sent a telegram to the president of
the union In the three districts compris
ing the entire anthracite coal field of
Pennsylvania. The telegram is as follows:
Considerable interest Is being manifest
ed as to the effect of President
Mitchell's action in attempting to defeat
the alleged move of 'the coal-carrying
roads. . '
Labor leaders do not anticipate any
ruspenslon of work in the soft coal field
unless the operators Insist upon sending
their coal to the anthracite market. They
also say that the Philadelphia and Read-
Ing,' Delaware and Hudson and Jersey
Central railroads being unable to till their
contracts for hard coal, are prevailing
upon their customers to accept the soft
coal wherever it can be used as a sub
stitute.
and President Mitchell feels sure that as
noon, as they find that the coal they may
be leading or asked to load is to take the
place of hard coal they will refuse to han
dle it.
CARDINAL JAMES GIBBONS OF BALTIMORE. WHO HAS CONSENTED
TO ACT AS ARBITRATOR OF THE STRIKE OF THE ANTHRACITE
COAL MINERS OF PENNSYLVANIA.
VIENNA. Sept. 27.— The Admiralty has received a dispatch from Taku giv
ing the strength of the forces landed there by the allied powers as follows: Aus
trian. W, German. SITS; British. S353: American. 5€C8; French, 6576; Italian, 2541;
Russian, 20,934; Japanese, 15^70. Total. 68,23.
FORGES LANDED BY THE ALLIES.
TIENTSIN. Sept. 25. — Vice Admiral Seymour arrived at Taku on September 23
and Is expected here to-morrow \5lth Count von Waldei>ee. General Gasele? !s ex
pected on Thursday.
The reason assigned for the small number of casualties among the Chinese at
the taking of the Peltang and L-utal forts is that Li Hung Chang had ordered the
evacuation' of the forts. '
PEKING. SeVt. 22. via Taku. Sept. 25.— The American Minister has in his pos
session a subscription list of the Boxers, which shows the name of Prince
Chlng as having made three subscriptions. The list was discovered by Mis
sionary Wherry. Friends of Prince Chlng declare that he was coerced Into giving.
It Is reported by the French that a patrol has been fired on outside the east
ern gate of the city. Otherwise everything is quiet.
VON WALDERSEE ARRIVES TO-DAY.
CHING SUBSCRIBED TO BOXERS.
Field Marshal Count von Waldersee, commander in chief of the international
forces, will arrive here to-morrow. He will be received by a review of the
troops of all the allied nations.
It Is reported that the Russians after the capture of the Lutsl forts began
ru3hing troops along the railroad for the purpose of occupying Shankian.
TIENTSIN. Sept. 24, via Taku, Sept. 25.— General Chaffee has arrived and
conferred with the staff officers of different departments with a view of estab
lishing a winter base in the vicinity of Tientsin. He paid a visit to Tongku.
making a general inspection. The present plan is understood to be tentative and
based upon the possible retention of the existing force. The plan contemplates
placing the troops under canvas outside the city. General Chaffee paid a visit
to Li Hung Chang and informally discussed the outlook for a settlement. It is
understood he proffered an American officer to accompany the Viceroy to Pe
klrig. No other power except Russia has yet officially recognized Ll'3 presence.
CHAFFEE CONFERS WITH EARL LI.
Acting Secretary Hill is about, to send to Minister Conger instructions which
will guide him in commencing preliminary negotiations with Prince Chin? and
Earl Li Hung Chang. These instructions contemplate the return of the Imperial
Government to Peking, though it is explained this Is in no sense a condition
precedent to opening negotiations looking to a permanent settlement. Mlnlst«r
Conger received last week the replies of the United States to foreign Govern
ments, and therefore understands the readiness of the President to begin pre
liminary negotiations. The President Is considering whether, in view of Tuan's
appointment it is advisable to demand Immediately upon the assumption of
negotiations his degradation and punishment. It is insisted that Minister Conger
Is in no sense acting as a mediator, though any agreement reached by him will
undoubtedly be communicated by the State Department to the other powers.
There is reason to believe that Minister "Wu understands the serious phase
of the International situation growing out of the attitude of Germany and the
action of the Chinese Imperial Government in playing into the hands of the
Berlin authorities by appointing Prince Tuan Grand Secretary and President of
the Privy Council and giving positions of power and responsibility tp other
reactionaries. He also understands the willingness of the United States to give
its best assistance to the Imperial Government if it will in return aid America
by removing Prince Tuan and restoring order throughout the empire. Minister
Wu insists that the new appointment given to Sher.g, Taotai of Shanghai, is a
promotion instead of a dnerradatlon. but the State Department, by taking no ac
tion in the matter, has tacitly approved the protest of the American Consul
General against Sheng's removal.
It is stated by authority that the United States will not under any considera
tion acquire Chinese territory. What the President will seek when partition
comes is the future protection of American trade rights. This can be accom
plished by obtaining from all the powers seizing territory agreements that
treaty obligations respecting trade which exist between China, and the United
States shall be observed by the several owners of the fragments of the ancient
empire. There is no doubt that all the powers would at least be gratified to see
the United States take Chinese territory— that opposite the Philippines- t.ut the
administration is apparently willing to exchange its chances of so doing for a
guarantee that American commerce shall be respected. It is proposed to insist
on this point, and the moral effect of a formidable fleet in Astatic waters will be
sufficient to carry it out.
Great Britain. It Is held, has shown what territory she covets by occupying
Shanghai, the key to the Yangtse-Kiang Valley, which is the road to India. Threo
powers would dislike to have Great Britain establish her sovereignty over that re
gion, and Germany and France have announced their opposition by landing troops
at Shanghai. Japan stands ready to occupy the province of Fuklen and Franc© is
willing to extend her boundaries in Southern China northward.
So Russia Is prepared to move either way, while she 13 ready for vigorous pro
tests should Germany or any other power attempt to take territory north of Shan
tung.
Russia thoroughly understands Germany's policy, and Is so disposing of her
forces that the recommencement of operations by Germany and German occupa
tion of territory may be used as a pretext for the extension of Russian soverelf i
ty-over the whole of Northern China. At the same time Russia Is posing to the
Chinese as thiir good friend. If a peaceful settlement be reached she will expect a
reward for tli!s profession of friendship In the shape of territorial concessions,
such as she obtained when Japan was forced to relinquish Manchuria.
cated such an end. Emperor William desires to wreak terrible revenge upon of
ficials whom he believes responsible for Baron von Ketteler's death, and seeks CW
nese territory as a balm to the wound of national feeling.
COUNT VON WALDERSEE. EX
PECTED TO ARRIVE TO-DAY
AT TAK1".
SHEXG, TAOTAI OF SHANG
HAI. WHOSE PRECIOUS
HEAD IS IN DANGER.
Issue circular lettrr Instructing all mine
workers in Central Pennsylvania that they are
not to load coal for shipment into markets
HAZLETON. Pa.. Sept. 27.— President
Mitchell of the United Mine Workers to
day sent a telegram to the Central Penn
sylvania bituminous coal fields which pos
sibly will have the effect o.f bringing the
t<oft ccal mine workers Into the contest
which the anthracite workers are now
waging against the mine owners. ¦ The
telegram was sent to Richard Gilbert,
secretary of district 2, Clcartield, Pa. It
was as follows:
Strong Opposition to the Plans of the
Railroads.
WOULD SHUT OUT SOFT COAL.
After the meeting, which lasted until
midnight. President Mitchell said that the
meeting was held for the purpose of dis
cussing the question of holding the men
together if negotiations for a settlement
should be on foot. Mr. Mitchell has not
been officially informed of the operators'
action. It Is understood that the offer
made by the operators does not carry with
it recognition of the union.
Mitchell's statement was made while he
was holding a conference- with his lieu
tenants. Those at the conference weic
National Corr.mitteemen Fred Di'.cher of
Ohio. W. Fairley of Alabama. Be:ijamir.
J. James of Pennsylvania. President T.
D. NIcholls of the Wyoming-Lackawanna
district and President John Fahey of the
Schuylki'.l region.
Further than this Mr. Mitchell declines
to talk. He has been reticent all day on
the subject and several times declared
that he knew nothing of the rumors of a'
settlement of the strike.
HAZLETON. Pa.. Sept. 27.— The Asso-,
dated Press at 10 o'clock to-night secured
from President Mitchell the admission
that he believes that the mine operators
have agreed to make the striking miin:
workers an offer of a 10 per cent increast
in wages.
"Senator Hanna Is not the man 1 refer
to," he added, "and I have not seen Arch
bishop Ryan at all."
"I know of no settlement of the strike
having yet been made. However, nego
tiations toward the Fettling of the strike
are actually under way. They ar" being
conducted by a man who does not directly
represent either party to the difficulty.
NEW YORK. Sept. 27.— President Trues
dale of the Delaware, Lackawahna and
Western Railroad to-day, referring to the
meeting yesterday at J. P. Morgan &
Co.'s office, said:
anthracite coal region of Penn- ;
sylvar.Ia. While admitting that he has ¦
been approached on the subject his Em- j
inence said to-night that he had heard
from only one side of the parties in con- j
troversy and must decline to discuss the '
question of arbitration until all had been i
heard from. ;
"Will you consent to act if both sides
approach ycu?"
"In that case I shall take the matter
under consideration." he replied.
BALTIMORE. Sept. 27.-Csrdtnal '
Gibbons has been asked to act us |
arbitrator between the striking
miners and the operators of the .
Senator Hanna's work was dnne at conferences in the financial district which were attended by Matthew
S. Quay, Senator Penrose, Ssnator Platt of New York, and representatives of the coal companies and individ
ual operators.
It is bolived that Archbishop Ryan was m instrumental in securing Cardinal Gibbons as arbitrator.
NEW YORK, Sept. 27. — In New York to-day everything indicated the near settlement of the miners'
strike in Pennsylvania. A dispatch from Baltimore to-night says Cardinal Gibhons has accepted the position
of arbitrator.
Republican national campaign leaders asserted positively that Senator Hanna's labors with the opera
tors induced them to agree to concessions which would bring the men back to work by Monday at latest.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Following Senator .Manea's- Coefereece
Everything Indicates tihe Near Set
tlement of the Miners' Strike.
PARIS. Sept. 27.— The French Consul at Shanghai cables under date of Sep
tember 25 (Tuesday) thet Tung Fuh Sian has Just been appointed general of the
western and northern armies. The Consul adds that according to Chinese in
formation the Viceroys and Governors have received an imperial secret decree
instructing them to fisrht the foreigners and destroy them.
TO FIGHT AND DESTROY FOREIGNERS.
HONGKONG. Sept. 27.— The American Presbyterian and Catholic missions at
Ehehlung. on the East River, have been destroyed. The priest in charge of the
Catholic mission escaped and was protected by a mandarin.
Numerous anti-Christian disturbances are taking place in the provinces of
Kwarigsl and Kwangtung. The authorities are employing active measures to
suppress the outbreaks and there have been several executions.
Native Christians are flocking to Canton.
The foreign Consuls recently protested against the removal of the Taotai of
Shanghai and the appointment as his successor of the notorious Boxer, Rang
n. The Viceroy of Nankin. Liu Kun YI. replied that at least a month would
-lapse before the arrival of the official documents in the case would enable
aim to gl\-e the matter consideration, and that if it was proved that the proposed
successor of the Taotai of Shanghai had been a Boxer he would protest to the
MANY MISSIONS BEING DESTROYED.
WILL DELAY THE INSTALLATION.
SHANGHAI. Sept. 27.— Viceroy L!u Kun Ti has telegraphed to the Consuls
that he Is communicating with the Imperial court regarding the appointment of
a n*w taotal here. The Consuls belluve this will delay the installation of the
objectionable appointee for several months.
WASHINGTON. Sept. 27.— Of the sJt warships which were orde-ed last week
to proceed to the Orient to reinforce ths Asiatic squadron the Albany and the
"Wilmington already have started on their long journey. The Albany sailed from
Piraeus yesterday, and to-day the Wilmington left Montevideo for JSahia, Brazil.
These* fhe 'will cross the Atlantic and proceed via the Mediterranean. It was
expected that the battleship Kentucky would not te delayed beyend a few days
In her preparations, but after going into drydock In New York yesterday it was
decided to make some changes which will delay her three weeks.
The converted yacht Dorothea, fitting at the League Island yard, is expected
to kail In the course of ten days.
The gunboat Vicksburg is fittinsr out at the Norfolk yard, and the gunboat
Annapolis !s at the Eoston yard. The preparations aboard the latter will require
several weeks.
WARSHIPS ORDERED TO THE ORIENT.
BERLIN. Sept. 27.— The German press and Foreign Office continue to deny
that Great Britain has rejected Germany's proposal. They also continue to blame
the United States for the recently revived Chinese obduracy and the renewed evi
dence that the Chinese intend to resume hostilities on a large plan. The Berliner
T&geblatt alone advises Germany not to expect a favorable answer to her pro
posal from Lord Salisbury, "as his wish to carefully nurse intimate relations
¦rfth the United States Corns the keynote of h's policy."
The Kreuz Zeltumr. which had ail along; advocated a moderate policy in China,
now advises a strong hand, claiming: that "history teaches that China can only
by rone be Sndurc-d to give redrrss for outrages on foreigners."
1 1 is noticeable that the press generally discusses Russia's independent action
rr.V.CXy and do<s not even condemn her measures in Manchuria and Mongolia,
while the latest move of the United States for independent action is severely
condemned by the same papers. Some of the seml-cfficiaJ sheets like the Cologne
Gazette and the Strassbure Post have even beenme sarcastic, and are asking
whether America expects to negotiate successfully for peace with Prince Tuan.
From two high diplomatic sources it was learned to-day thai all the answers
trbtcb bare been received to Germany's proposition have one feature in com
mon. While accepting in. principle the demand for a prooer punishment of the
rrpiradc!;;. they rcfune to postpone all peace negotiations until after the set-
Tlerr.tnt of th'.s «>ne point. The replies of Japan r.nd France are in agreement as
to tVs. Therefore, it cannot be truthfully said that Count von Bulow's latest
move has proved ?n unqualified success.
Th" Foreipn Office tcl4 a correspond ?nt this afternoon that Great Britain's
ar.5T.cr !:ad not yet arrived, but that as soon as it did the Government would be
giad to publish it. no matter what its character. Sir Frank Lasceiles, the Brit
ish Emlmrsaiior. who was Interviewed re^ardine the matter, said: "Great Brit
ain's delay in ar.swerir.fr Germany's proposal is due to the fact, as I unde«stand
it. that Lord Salisbury has asked Sir Claude Mardonald to report upon the feasi
bility of the German plan." »
BLAMED FOR CHINESE OBDURACY.
ppr. The RuFsians and French Invite
r _d^!^' J^' l *^???S^ 1 t! ''' '" p '"''•' :lT '¦ Empress Dov.-acer.
I^y^r^|^^^^^p5^?^^t V^j] , Tbe Americans and British Invite the
KIJ ' 'H^^^^^^^^^^yi ' Emperor only. The Empr?s= Dowager
}f J[ & /j , ¦-,>.'-. demand* cuarantees for herself and
\jf %$*' . '' '¥-''' '¦'¦B&kt^m^ ¦~ Pr ' 1<:rf '' e Ministers before releasing
c &>$&£& i on lv 'ilTatch of rjifcia) Interest from
I /"/ '— ' '•' rin ' -nipht i- the following from
| $t t, % $]j!t&<M ' "• '¦' rr '-' OT1 '" '^" Times, dated
I l?*5S«B§"i^ ''¦ ¦-'¦¦: ¦*' ¦' £&&0j£jSu!8 I "The- r<-cent punitive expeditions
¦ %S^^^^ i liavo ha^i an excellent effect in in
m x '*$n3ffi*r^ ' creaflng and facilitating the entry of
\ <~£z£pi: •^^» *J*&^'& *? I supplies, but nothing can be counted
». '-t*^'^^ •/.*• # s effective i;::t1I Paotiris^-Kn lia« been
I jL*^^^^^ n'zed nnd the foreigners and refugees
I Y^y^ffjt^^^^^^^^J^y '" ' ;> '••- r ' r - :T ar >d other places known
[ ' r ~ !i "-' "M. de <;>:- his addre.-.sed n niem«>-
~ I rial to the Empress Dov»-ager offering
•S-— 4* lier the protection of Russia, and re-
I questing: her return to Peking. Forty
COUNT VON WALDERSEE. KX- chJef chire5e officlals have sent a
PECTED TO AHRIVI- TO-DAY | rrurnorlal to the Kmperor Htul Empre , a
AT TAK1 . Dowager beseeohinsr them to return.
.s. »•. The conflictinf; interests of Russia and
nrr.nt Britain prevent a systematic at
tempt to reconstruct th«> rnilwny. alth-Kieh rertr.ration would be ea<=y.
••It turns out that Chens Tins Huany, whose Ocath !n Kashgarla was re
cently reported, was executed under an Irr.rerin! decree at the same time with
T!i" ottter pro-for*"tpn tUntstera who v.-ere executed."
Chep& Vir.p Huang was Special Envoy to England at the time of the diamond
Jubilee! He was hated by the Kmpre^s DowR^r, who exi'ed him to 111 in 1S9S.
Th» Russians, according to the Shanghai correspondent of tfle Morning Post.
have virtually abandoned the province of Chili to Germany.
SHANGHAI. Sept. 27.— From reliable Chinese sources of information I learn
that Ka&S Yi. the notorious Bixer leader, ha? committed suicide in Pe
klrc It Is also said that the Eapresa Dowager has replaced Prince
Tuan by Wan Wen Chan, who Is an Intelligent and strong man. If those
statements be true, they ihow that the Roner power i< breaking with the
Chinese G< renunent
PCEUCG, Sept. IS <v:n Taku, Sept. 2-i>.— The Rur^lan orders to leave Peking
have b*en suspended for the BW troop? here. Other legations and troop* are un
certain a!>>ut remaining, yet they are Inviting the Chinese court to return for
peace ccsotiations. The Emperor is at TalyiseiL Li Hung: Chang requests his
•> V return and that of the Emperor Dow-
Special Cable to The Call and New York Herald. Copyright. 1000, by the
Herald Publishing Company.
BY JOHN F. BASS.
Representatives of the Powers at Peking Trying to
Indues the Emosror and Dowaaer Empress to
Return to the Capital
Power of the Boxers Breaking With the
Chinese Government, and KangYi, a
Notorious Leader, Kills Himself.
PRINCE TUAN HAS
LOST HIS PLACE
there is reason to believe that at least
one power has sounded the State De
partment in this respect, obtaining an
answer that was expected. That power
would have preferred the preservation
of thr territorial entity of China, but
falling to obtain American support and
in view of the occupation of Shanghai
by Great Britain it stands ready to
take its share of territory. *
There is no ciuestion In the minds of
well informed diplomats here that
Germany will precipitate dismember
ment If It can be accomplished. All
developments in her policy have Indi-
CALL BUREAU, WELLINGTON HOTEL. WASHINGTON. Sept. 27.— WMla
strenuously endeavoring to prevent the dismemberment of Ch!na the ad
ministration regards it as Inevitable under existing conditions, and is pre
pared, should It eventuate, to exact from the powers acquiring territory
guarantees that trade shall continue to be respected. Were China willing
to place herself under the tutelage of the United States and were there In control
of the empire four or five strong men with whom this country could treat, rather
than Prince Tuar, and other reactionaries, the President believes that he could
maintain the Chinese territorial entity. But. unfortunately for China and for the
United States, the Emperor is a weak
ling under pertinacious feminine lnflu- *** "**
ence, while the Empress DownRer, her-
self a hater of foreigners. Is believed 1
to be surrounded by men whose very I j^^^r , * v< " \X^^3
lives depend upon keeping her eyes I V^^p j*^''
closed to the true situation. I J^F,.
It thus npnrars that tho declaration \f- tig^f^'--','.--
of The Call'? Shanghai correspondent W ' ¦ M jBtZ.*^? i '" *Jilla i
is correct this morning in statinrr that m ' *&Jm- x'-jjf^ s '*y i <j^^
the Tnite'1 States is power!es>. It is I ** lillll
porfrctly well known to <>!h-r i>o\vrrs I A 1
that the United States will not go to I ' ' I
th" extent nf war to preserve the in- 1 S^^^Ssi wfeM >"'! I
tfgrity of tlip T'hin^s^ fmyi'r--. and \- :'.:.'vHSE3^. j*ftaS §^s I
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Germany's Emperor Desires to Wreak Terrible Ven
geance for Von Ketteler's Death, While the Czar
Prepares to Extend Russian Sovereignty.
United States Will Not Go to War to Pre
vent Partition of China, hut Will Pro
tect American Trade.
DISMEMBERMENT
IS INEVITABLE
CARDINAL GIBBONS IS
CHOSEN ARBITRATOR
SAN FRANCISCO, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER, 28, 1900.
VOLUME LXXXVIII— NO. 120.
price five ce^ts.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.TIME!
Stops the Cough
Ana works off the cold. Laxative Bromo-Qul
nine Tablets cure a cold In one day. Is'o cure,
bo cay. Price 25 cents. •
! INDIANAPOLIS, Sept. : 27.— John P.
Irish of California to-night opened the
campaign here . for . the' National - Gold
Democratic organization." The meeting
was held at English's, Opera-house. A
large audience was present -and Mr. Irish
was enthusiastically, received. -
Irish Speaks in Indiana.
KING OF BELGIUM
SOON TO ABDICATE
Generally Believed That This Action
Will End the Quarrels of
Rival Parties.
PARIS. Sept. 2S.— "From a source
worthy of confidence," says the Courier de
Soir. "we learn that the King of the Bel
gians intends to abdicate before the close
cf the present ISelgian Parliament in favor
of the Prince af Flanders.
"King Leopold counts confidently upon
the result of his action being the sinking
of the quarrels of the rival parties, which
would then unite to observe the conditions
of the new regime."
TELEGRAPHIC BREVITIES.
CHICAGO. Sept. 27.— Thomas Gahan. Demo
cratic Xational Commiuwman for Illinois is
reported dangerously 111 at West Baden, Ind.,
where he went two weeks ago for a rest.
BKHLIN. Sopt. 27.— Rear Admiral James A
Smith. IT. S. N.. retired, former chief of the
Bureau of Supplies and Accounts of the Navy
Pe;artm«-nt, has arrived Jiere and will Bj<e-*1
the winter in this city.
YOUNGSTOWN, O., Sept. 27.— The new Jie-4
nemer plant of the Republic Iron and BteVl
Company was lighted this morning. The mill
has a capacity of €00 tons of steel billets a day
and will give employment to COO hands.
COZAD. Nebr.. Sept. 27.— The Jewelry store
of It. B. Thornton was entered by burglars last
nl^ht. They blew up the safe and secured Jew
rlry and cash of the value of $2000. The post
ofnee is In the store and a part of the money
was Government funds.
CHICAGO. Sept. 27.— George Slier, the prize
fihter referee, and 1mm M. Houseman, the
buxlns: exhibition manap;er, both filed petitions
In bankruptcy here to-day. Slier scheduled li
abilities of $6130 and Houseman of J57SJ Their
combined assets were put at $100.
fw2 D^u JAN ?. II i O - So?t - r7 --' n >« Bank of
Jie Republic. v.hich as announced on Septem
ber IS was obliged, owlns to a run on the In
stitution, to lseue checks at sixty days* sl*nt
on deposits, has passed under Government con
tn.1. the creditors accepting S per cent bonds
TORONTO. Sept. 27.— Because of a lack of
natronare. the Dominion Government. It la'
said, will close the Canadian canal at the Son
This, vcfwlmen think, would be an unwise
move, especially if a strike should occur In the
Amorican canal. They will, therefore, en
deavor to make more use of the Canadian
canal.
CHICAGO. Sept. 27.-In the casa of L>oyd J
Smith, member of the Board of Trade and
Dromiwnt local politician, charged with Bhip
plnjf xrain from an elevator without canceling
tho trarehouse receipts, the Jury late this after
noon reported inability to spree. The Jury was
then Bent back with Instructions to return a
sealed verdict to-morrow morninjr.
WRECK ON SOUTffEBN
PACIFIC LINE IN UTAH
One Woman Killed and Several Men
Believed to Be Fatally
Injured.
OGDEX, T'tah, Sept. 27. — Train 4 on the
Southern Pacific was wrecked while com
ing down Granada Hill at 12:11 o'clock
this afternoon. Conductor Herrick and
Kngineer Hastings escaped Injury, but of
the rj^sengcrs or.e woman was killed and
several mrn injured. Thre'e are thought
to be fatally Injured. ' Railroad officials
and doctors wore sent from Ogden to the
pcene of the wreck.
Up to midnight no further details have
been received. The special train ¦which
vent to tho scene of the wreck is ex
pected to return toward morning.
COAST HEWS IN BRIEF.
VAIiKJO, S*!.t. rt.— Judse WVlls at Fair
fMd to-<lay ;>a»«<-«i sentence on Charles Parks,
who claims Najia County as his home ana who
rfc*>r:t.lv attacked a littl*- girl in Kuipun. lit
v,a.n s«»nt to San Quentin for twenty years.
CRESCENT CITT, J>pt. 27.— The demurrer
to the complaint against Joseph Alls, a saloon
kooi>er on Front *trr<-t, charge with polling
ivtoxIratinK liquors to an Indian, has been
<>v<rrulfd by Justice Dood and the case eon
tiiiUfl to October 1. v.lth ball flxed at fOOu.
(JUAHS VAL.I.KY. Bept *7.— The amount eub-
F<-ribe<l and paM in this city for the benefit of
the Oalv«-ston relief fun1 amounts to $13SS.
whli'h Bum ivas telefrraphed to-day to Governor
Havers of Texas. Citizens here have donated
clothlnc to the value of fSOO.
WALLACE. Idaho. S«-pt. 27.— E. J. Maher
aiul »if«« of Hurke, Idaho, are ia the County
Jail charced ivith Infanticide. Tuesday morn-
Iris the body •*! a l.»t>y was found In a hotel
bet* nnd the Coroner's Jury traced It* back to
the Miners.
SAN JOSE. Sort. 27.— There is a big de
;.;.!.¦! for prunes above four slre« and (rrow
<r? holdinc that kind will obtain a good pric«.
The California Cured Fruit Association on
'Yednewlty rfxed the price of 30s to 4<* at 10
t«r,ts ;¦ i>ound and at a mooting to-day they
r. .-¦•!<• a price on 20s to 30s of IS cents a i>ound.
snATTf..E. Sept. 27. — The Durllns'ton railroad
l;a«5 cranted a petition of lh« Washington
Lumber Manufacturers and made a rale of 40
<-f-nt* on lumber to all i>oints west of Alliance,
N.-br.. and Brush. Colo., opening up to Wash
ington fir a market in Western Nebraska, Colo
rado and Wyomint that heretofore has been
controlled by the Southern yellow pine mills.
Accidentally Killed.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 27.-A dispatch
from General MacArthur at Manila to-day
reports the death there of Second Lieuten
ant James D. Danner. Twenty-eighth
United States Volunteer Infantry, caused
by the accidental dischaige of his pUtol.
Bear Admiral Watson Assigned.
WASHINGTON, Sept 27.— Rear Adm^ai
John C. Watson, formerly In command of
the naval forces on the Asiatic station.
who arrived recently at New York on thi»i
cruiser Baltimore, was to-day assigned tr^
duty as president of the naval examining:
board at the Washington navy-yard^
Steamer Beaches Southampton Sev
eral Hours Late, but Will Depart
on Schedule Time
, SOUTHAMPTON. Sept. 23. 1 a, m.— Th»
American line steamer New York, Captain
W. J. Roberts, from New York September
19 for Southampton, arrived here last
evening at 10 o'clock, about seventeen and
a half hours late. Captain Roberts re
ported that tho steamer hid broken her
starboard thrust shaft on Tuesday at 2:30
a. m. The accident will not Interfere with
her return voyage, as the company has a
shaft on the ship, and shfl will leave
Southampton at noon on Sunday. There
was no alarm among the passengers when
they learned of the mishap.
Division of Traffic
CHICAGO, Sept. 27.— western railroad3
to-day reached an agreement regardlne
the division of military traffic between
points west of Chicago and New Orleans
and the Pacific Coast. It was agreed to
leave the control and division of the
traffic east of San Frajicisco entirely ia
the hands of the Santa Fe and Southern
Pacific roads. On west-bound traffic the
division of the business has been put in
the hands of Chairman McLeod of thz.
Western Passenger Association. Tho
draft for a. transcontinental association.
prepared at the recent meeung at Glen
wood Springs, Colo., was considered at
length to-day, but no final action taken.
NEW YOBS DELAYED
BY BROKEN" SHAFT
ATLANTA. Ga., Sept. 27.— Hon. Charles
A. Collier, president of the Cotton States
Exposition held here in 1S96 and one of
the most prominent men in the country,
was found to-day lying at the foot of the
stairs in the yard back of his residence
on Richardson street -with a bullet hol» la
his left side in the region of the heart.
Ha uttered but one word, "burglars," be
fore becoming unconscious. His condition
Is regarded as critical.
¦ Mr. Collier was formerly Mayor of At
lanta/ one of the twelve United States
Commissioners to the Paris Exposition
and a member of the Lafayette Monu
ment Association.
Hon. Charles A. Collier Found
Wounded and Bleeding In Sis
Yard at Atlanta.
SHOT DOWN BY AN
UNKNOWN ASSAILANT
Postmaster A. "W. Wills of Nashville,
Tenn., secured the sanction of the con
vention to the following telegram to be
sent to Postmaster Daniel Sullivan at
Cripple Creek, Colo.:
"Greetings from the postmasters of the
first class, in convention assembled at
Peorla, 111., to Postmaster Daniel Sullivan
of Cripple Creek for his herolc'eftorts. as
sisted by others. In defending the life of
that grand patriot Governor Roosevelt In
the cowardly assault made on him at Vic
tor. Colo., by an angry mob of dastardly
cowards."
The motion authorizing the secretary to
send the telegram was passed with a
whoop.
PEORIA, I1L, Sept. 27.— Just a short time
before final adjournment to-day the Na
tional Association of Postmasters of the
First Class did the only sensational thins
of the entire session cf three days.
tacked Boosevelt.
Postmasters Excoriate Men Who At-
THANKS TENDERED STJXLTVAN
KINGSTON. Jamaica, Sept. 27.— Advices
received to-day, from Colon, Colombia,
say the insurgent forces advanced to
within fourteen miles of Zanama. but
were checked there by the Government
troops. The latest news was that lighting
was proceeding between the opposing
armies. .
Insurgents Checked.
LEADVIL.LE. Colo., Sept. 27.— Tho
Roosevelt special train passed over tho
divide without Incident, though there was
some nervousness on the part of the
railroad officials and trainmen and some
of the escorting party when the train
passed through Victor, where the riot oc
curred last evening. On its return trip
in the night over the Colorado Midland
the train was well guarded with resolute
men armed with Winchesters, and any
one looking for trouble on the outside
could have been etfsily accommodated.
The Governor, after the labors and ex
citement of the day, retired to his coach
at 11 o'clock and slept as tranquilly as if
nothing had happened. The schedule for
the day provided for ten stops and aa
many speeches. Leadvllle was reached
at 11 o'clock and a stop was made of an
hour and forty-five minutes. A large
crowd was assembled at the station and
preparations had been made for a bis
outdoor meeting. Governor Roosevelt and
party were driven to the corner of Har
rison and Fifth streets, where a stand
had been erected. People in great num
bers lined the streets the entire distance
and the crowd abound the stand was
great. Rev. Mr/ Fleming, chaplain of a
Colorado Philippine regiment; presided
and Introduced Senator Wolcott, who
made a warm speech, ending by Introduc
ing Governor Koosevelt. benator Henry
Cabot Lodge, who was with Governor
Roosevelt in the riot yesterday, also made
a short speech.
PUEBLO. Colo., Sept. 27.— When tho
special train bearing the Roosevelt party
arrived at this place this evening tho
station was crowded with people to see
the Governor. The reception commutes
escorted the party to Royal Park, where
a procession was formed and marched
through the principal streets of the city.
On the way the streets were lined with
people. Three meetings were arranged for
and all were attended by large audiences.
During the day at the various stopping
places the crowds were remarkably large
and an unusual interest attended tho
meetings. Governor Roosevelt - in his
speech at Leadville to-day said in part:
I cannot say how I have enjoyed the privi
lege of coming through your great and beauti
ful and wonderful State and now to be In what
is the most famous mining city of the entl -e
globe. Glad though I am to Bee your State
with its varied resources, with mountain and
plain, with mine and ranch. I am more pleased
etlll to eee thu men and women who made It
what it is.
When I come out here among you I feel that
1 come out not to teach you Americanism, but
to teach you the doctrine of work, of honorable
striving: and honorable effort and to follow
where you have led the way. 1 want you to
think for yourselves. Supposing that the Re
publican party had done what our opponents
desire us to do now, that la, abandon the
Philippines? They would now be denouncing
us In extravagant terms and blaming us. all oi
them, from Mr. Bryan down. In that case
they would have been as right aa they are
wrong now. I come before you to ask your
supi-ort for the principles we represent upon
two great grounds — upon the ground of self-
Ir.t-^rest of each and all of us and upon the
Hn.und of our feelings for that eymbol of
the American flag that floats over
us all. Remember that in this union there can
be no division of either, honor or Interest on
State lines. We will all (to up or go down to
gether. We will so up. or go down as regards
material prosperity and we will hang our heads
or hold them high accordingly as. the American
flag does or does not stand In the future as It
has stood in the post, a symbol of honor, of
greatness, of truth and liberty. When In 1893
hard times came they came In Xew York, Colo
rado and Call/ornla alike. When in 1897 pros
perity returned It returned to the Rocky Moun
tains, as It returned to the seaboards of tho
Atlantic and Pacific. It returned to the farmer,
the ranchman, the wage earner, - precisely as
much as to the business man. There can b»
no permanent lines of well-being on the one
hand for some of our people and adversity on
the other hand for the rest of our people. Fun
damentally we will go up or down alike. Now,
when It comes to the question of the honor of
the flag the same considerations hold true.
At Canyon City Governor Roosevelt
spoke in part as follows:
There has been some talk as to what the para
mount iesue is in this campaign. Now I will
tell you. and I have made up my mind wfthin
the last forty-eight hours (laughter) what' the
paramount Issue is. The paramount issue Is
to keep the orderly liberty that has made us
what we are. The paramount Issue Is to keep
our national self-respect by each individual
ketping his own self-respect and respecting his
fellows; keeping the right of free speech, keep
ing the right of political discussion so that we
may be able to settle our political differences
squarely and fairly after a full hearing given
to any one, whatever his views may be,, if he
expresses them decently and In proper lan
guage. There 1« danger of Imperialism. ' aye.
but It is not from the direction. In which Mr.
Bryan Is looking. There Is no danger In the
, regular army— the re* ular army, of eighty-one
Right of Free Speech
Might Be Accord
ed All.
Paramount Issues as
He Has Lately
Found Them.
MINNEAPOLIS, Sept. 27/— United
States Senator Beveridgo of Indiana de
livered a political address to a large audi
ence to-night in the Exposition building,
the hnll In which Benjamin Harrison was
nominated for President.
His speech was almost two hours' long,
tho greater part of it being devoted to our
present prosperity and the method by
which It can be continued. He said that
it could not be continued by any formula
of administration, but that a continuing
prosperity depended upon constantly add
ing to the markets for American prod
ucts.
''This," said he "is the purpose of the
Republican party. It invents new policies
to meet njew and changing conditions. It
is the party of commercial growth as well
as territorial growth. That is why the
Republican administration always means
American prosperity and that is why the
Democratic administration always means
commercial disaster."
Senator Beveridga said that the present
prosperity could not be continued merely
by standing still; it could not be continued
by. going backward, as the Democratic
party proposed; it could only be continued
by soir.g forward and opening still newer
avenues for American energy. He said
there cannot be a better test than this—
let all whoso condition has improved un
der McKinley vote for McKinley and all
whose conditions have grown worse un
der McKinley votu against him. The
Democratic party produced a. deficit in
time of peace, the Republican party pro
duced a surplus In time of war, he de
clared.
On the attitude of the two parties in
reference to our foreign possessions he
said:
The Republican party and the flag: In the
skies— the Democratic party and the flag in the
dust— this is the attitude of the party of Lin
coln and the attitude of the party of Calhoun
at the close of the nineteenth century. Na
tional domain, the concentration of the people
the extension of territory have been the in
stinctive and persistent efforts of the American
people slnee first they flung their separate ban
ner out among the flags of men. All other
questions have been Incidental and temporary—
issues of a decade or a day, and on them po
litical parties have lost and won and had their
little equally unimportant victory or defeat
but every political party that has stood for
the traditional policy of the republic the people
have sustained and every party that has op
posed their onward march the American people
have overthrown.
Senator Beveridge said that this was a
non-partisan . campaign — an American
campaign— and tb.at this was the reason
why the Republican party had such a
hold upon the -people's hearts, because
the Republican party In this campaign
stood for Americanism.
ADLAI STEVENSON ACCEPTS.
Iietter From Him Received at Popu
list National Headquarters.
LINCOLN, Nebr., Sept. 27.-In a letter
received, to-day at the Populist National
headquarters Adl.il K. Stevenson 'accepts
the nomination for the Vice Presidency
tendered to him by that party early this
month.
Mr. Stevenson says in part: "Upon -the
Important questions of finance, of domes
tic administration and of reform In our
methods of taxation the platform of the
People's party gives no uncertain sound.
It is no less emphatic in its demand for a
return to the policy of honest and econ
omical expenditures of the public money
The further demand for wise and efficient
legislation looking to the suppression of
trusts cannot fail to challenge the atten
tion of all thoughtful men.
"In- common, however, with the Silver
Republican and . the Democratic parties
you recognize the important fact that all
these are but questions of the hour. In
the: presence of the overshadowing Issue
of Imperialism others are but as the dust
in the balance. It is not strange, then,
that there should now be a concert of ac
tion between those who sincerely believe
•that a crisis has been reached in which
party considerations are of secondary im
portance.' "
Probably Murdered.
NEW YORK, Sept. 27. — Charles F. Peck,
60 years of age, a real estate dealer, whose
home is on West Eighty-fourth street,
was found dead early to-day on the side
walk on West Seventeenth . street. Evi
dence of murder was visible on the-body.
When Mr. Peck left his office yesterday
itwas with .the intention of going by an
evening train to the Catskills. where his
wife -is. He had a large sum of- money
and a handsome gold watch and chain, all
of which were gone when his body was
found, i •
ROOSEVELT CONTINUES
CAMPAIGN IN COLORADO
— . . » i — .
Beveridge Opens the
Campaign in Min
nesota.
Asks All Who Have
Prospered to Vote
for McKinley.
VICTOR, Colo.. Sept. 27. -^As a re
sult of the riot last night in which
Colonel Roosevelt "was struck and
his train stoned F. N. Briggs. edi
tor of the Victor Daily Record, was
assaulted in his own office a little
after noon to-day. In an editorial
this mornnig the Record denounced
the participants in the .rlo't in
scathing language, and stated that
"a few dissolute women waved
rags in the very faces of these dis
tinguished guests. " Mr. Briggs
was the only member of the office
force in the room when E. E. Carr
came in. Carr declared that.hlsi
wife had been called a dissolute
woman, and after ascertaining- that j
Mr. Briggs was the editor of the
paper struck him on the. back of
the head before he could arise from
his chair. Carr got in two. more
blows while the editor was getting
.up. As soon as Briggs recovered
himself he landed heavily on Carr's
jaw. Father Downey, pastor of
the Catholic church, who came in.
interfered and prevented further
violence. Carr demanded a re
traction of the. editorial statement
and left the office vowing that, he
would have satisfaction or revenge. .
Carr is a miner.
cne-hundredths of a soldier for every thousand
citizens of this great republic. No, no. We
have not yet reached that pitch of timidity
when we are afraid of thut. There is no dan
ger of militarism. There is no danger or Im
perialism from thin country starting out on
the path our lathers trod to do the work of
a great world power. The only danger oi im
perialism that will ever come in this country
is if it is invited a3 a reaction against an
archy. Anarchy is the handmaiden of tyranny.
If ever we grow to substitute lawless mob vio
lence for the orderly liberty that we enjoy un
der the law, if ever we grow to substitute the
rule of brutal force for the rule of the ballot,
where the ballot Is caet treely and counted as
cast. If ever we grow to exchange for govern
ment by debate in the legislatures of the coun
try and on the stump, if we ever grow to ex
change for those the violence that finds ex
pression either in word or deed, then we will
Indeed be within measurable distance of
kBing our liberty. Then and not till then the
¦worst thing this country can have is the man
sitting at ease at home, exciting other men
who nre ignorant to deeds of violence, and
whether this exciting of violence be by a
politician or the editor of a newspaper the
effect is the same.
At Salida another organized, attempt
was made by a small minority to Inter
rupt the proceedings. This mob was com
posed mostly of boys from twelve to
eighteen years of age, with a few men,
who shouted for Bryan and cheered so as
to Interrupt the spiakers. One of thu
youngsters, being asked why he was act
ing so disorderly, stated that he was hired
to do so. They wore uniform caps and
acted In concert. .
BRYAN IN NEBRASKA.
Democratic Nominee Addresses Audi
/ ences in Many Places.
DAKOTA CITY, Nebr., Sept. 27.-W. J.
Bryan arrived here. to-night and address
ed a meeting In the Courthouse yard. He
made three speeches during the day, trav
eling almost forty miles # by carriage and
150 miles by rail. The weather was cold
and raw throughout, rain falling at inter
vals.
The entire. day was devoted to the Third
Congressional District, and it was largely
a canvass in behalf of Edgar Howard's
candidacy for Congress. From Papilllon
Mr. Bryan drove to Blair in company with
Mr. Howard, a distance of. thirty miles,
making two brief speeches on the way,
one at Millard and the ether at Bennlng
ton. The drive consumed. more than four
hours, and it was almost 4 o'clock when
Blair was reached. Here there was a
large assemblage of people. In a half
hour's speech Mr. Bryan went hurriedly
over the principal issues of the campaign,
giving special attention to trusts and im
perialism.
-At the nisht meeting in Dakota City
Mr. Bryan said that the Republican party
did not dare take its full-ainner-pall ar
gument into the anthracite coal regions
of Pennsylvania ', and declared that,
whether a man was. a laboring man, a
farmer or a merchant, he must see thaj:
opportunities are constantly narrowing
under the trust system. Discussing the
question of imperialism. ' Mr. Bryan as
serted that the same power which- put
the Porto Rlcans outside the constitution
this year might next year put the people
of Nebraska or any -other State outside
the pale of the constitution. ''Destroy the
doctrine that all men are created equal
and It will soon be ¦ necessary to carry
your pedigree around with you." he said.
He declared that in the Paris treaty with
Spain the United States had not secured
any title to the Philippines, but had se
cured only a license to hunt there.
Mr. Bryan left here after the conclusion
of his speech for Sioux City, Iowa, where
he will spend the night and speak to-mor
row. •
here to-night. Not a ton of coal was
mined in Shenandoah to-day.
PAYING OFF THE STRIKERS.
Corroboration of Story That Attempt
Will Be Made to Start Up.
BCRANTON. Pa.. Sept. 27.— The an
nouncement that the railroaders cannot
see their way clear to help close down
the washeries by refusing to handle their
output caused a call to be issued to-day
for a meeting of the executive board of
the Vntted Mine Workers of District 1
for next Saturday to discuss other means
of meeting the difficulty. An effort Is to
be made to stop worl« at the Barton and
Murrin mines, near Carbondalp, by show
ing to the mine inspector that these small
collieries are not operated according to
the requirements of the law relating to
ventilation.
The big companies are paying oft* the
strikers. All of the former employes of
the Pennsylvania Coal Company's
twenty-seven collieries will be paid to
morrow, and those of the Lackawanna's
twenty-three places will be paid before
Monday. The purpose of this is to make
the men amenable as trespassers if they
come on the company's property, and is
another strong corroboration of the story
that a move Is on to operate some of the
mines. It has been positively demon
strated that soft coal will burn in culm
grates, and the dread of Scranton's indus
tries being compelled to shut down is
now removed.
TO REINFORCE THE DEPUTIES.
Another Carload of Officers Sent
From the Schuylkill Valley.
SHAMOKIN. Pa,, Sept. 27.-Another
carload of deputies from the Schuylkill
Valley arrived in Trevorton to-night to
reinforce a large number of deputies who
have guarded the last week. It Is feared
trouble may ensue between the strikers
from this place and the deputies should
an attempt be made to tie up the North
Franklin Colliery, which is nowi the only
on'- 1 in operation in this section of the
coal fields. It employed 600 men and boys.
Since the strike was inaugurated a num
ber of the men ceased work, but all
excepting thirty returned to the mine yes
terday. The strike leaders claim the mine
will not be working by Monday.
tlement. it is said, will be as follows:
The hig carrying companies will grant
a Klight reduction in tolls; ihe operator*,
¦will raise the pric of coal, and the waRes
of the miners will be increased according
to the percentage that the reduction In
tolls and increase in selling price will per
mit, the figuring to be done with the ex
isting scale of crageS as the basis. It will
l>e exacted that the Mine Workers' Union
pnall not ligure in the negotiations and
that the men shall return to work with
out any ceremony further than a guaran
tee nf the advance in wages that will bo
preferred.
GAINS FOB MINE WORKERS
rwo mg Collieries in Ashland Dis
trict Compelled to Close.
SHENAXDOAH, Pa.. Sept. 27.— To-
developments 1n the strike situation
in this repion showed important pains on
the part of the mine workers. Two bis
collieries In the Ashland district, con
trolled by the Philadelphia and Reading
0*1 and Iron Company, were compelled
to ck.se down, and a third worked with
a crippled force. The Locust Spring col
liery, at Locust Gap, nine miles from
Ashland, was unable to work owing to
the rmall number of men who reported.
This company ordinarily employs about
1300 men and br.ys.
The Hast colliery at Lociistdale closed
down this afternoon, and the Potts col
liery, at Big Mine, worked with a small
force. It is estimated that 1500 men are
employed at tr.ese two mines. The union
mine workers In the Asliland district gay
they have been willing for some time to
ttrike. but were restrained by lack of
organization, a branch of the union was
formed last night. Organizer Fahey will
address a meeting of the mine workers
at Ashland to-morrow night.
In the territory between Shamokin and
McAdoo there is but one colliery at work.
the North Franklin, at Trevorton, and
this is said to be short-handed. In the
Mahanoy district ail the collieries are
tightly closed.
Every breaker at Mahanoy City has
been cleaned «jut of coal and the trade
tht-re must now be supplied from other
points.
There was no change in the situation
Continued from First Page.
CARDINAL GIBBONS
CHOSEN ARBITRATOR
BLOCKADE ON CHINESE PORTS.
ST. PETn'tSPrRO. Sept. 27— The Russian naval staff announces that it is
pmposed to blockade all Chinese naval ports in consequence of the hostile atti
tude uf the Chinese fleet at Shanghai, and to send fast cruisers from the allied
squadrons to protect thrir transports.
The peneral Ftaff announces that Russian troops are massing around Kirin,
n Manchuria, where there are 50W Chinese
PART?. Pept. 27.— The practical deadlock in the efforts to epen peace negotia
tions with China has piven an impetus to the fuipgestion that the Ministers at
Peking be instructed to hold meetings for the purpose of drawing up the terms
<;f t!ie troaty of peace. The fact that the powers, through th-? exchange of views,
between their respective Foreign Offices, are unable to reach n.ny agreement ha«.
it Is claimed, dearly emphasized the difficulty of settling on terms regarding oc
currences at .^o preni a distance, and. it is added, it has shown that the Minis
ters on the spot are the- persons most fitted for and capable of working out a
common ground of .tttlement. General irst ructions only, it is further suggested,
have Iw^n eivon to the Ministers, the details to b<? loft largely to their discretion.
An official of the Foreign Office here expressed the hope to-day that f=uch in
struct i»r.s would l>o f'Tthcnmir.g within a week ard that jjtneral Instructions*
troutd be ur.der tfcret- head?— first, punishment of the conspirators: second, com
pensation for loypes sustained; and third! guarantees for tho future.
Thf «1ft<rminatior. of the United States l to withdraw her troops from China,
while at the wmc time Increasing the strength of her fieet in Chinese waters, is
rilher disconcerting the powers. But the interpretation put upon it in official cir
cle? is that th« I'nlted States is resolved to protect the policy of the open door
to the- extremity and Is therefore proparitiK a fleet for the purpose of maintain
ir.p thnt policy by a show of force.
Th*> publication <>f an all^g^d Rus«'nn edict announcing lh* annexation of
Manchuria h.?s caused a <le<-idpdly unoa"=y feeling", luit no one soen ht^rp was able
tn definitely affirm or deny its authenticity. In discussing this point the samp For
fipn office "IThIpI quoted above pxpr^ssod emphatically a desire that the United
Statop phrml.i know lhat Kranco has no sympathy with any movement toward
trip partition of China and tnat she will lend all her influence toward averting
what she consider? would be a mistake and a wrong.
That Westminster Confession
of Faith Shall Remain
Intact.
Decide After a I*engthy Discussion
LOS ANGELES. Sept. W.-Aft«> a dis
cussion lasting through the entire day and
until late to-night, the Los Angeles Pres
bytery defeats creed revision. Of the four
questions in regard to a modification of
the Westminster confession of faith sub-
mitteU to the various presbyteries by the
General Assembly, the last question,
which provides that the creed shall re
main Intact, was answered affirmatively
when the final vote was taken.
Rev. Dr. Noble, secretary of the Gen
eral Assembly, favored moderate revision,
as did Rev. Hugh Walker, though the
latter declared he based his action upon
tha desire for harmony and was person
ally opposed to revision. Rev. Robert
Reese declared he wished for a voice of
thunder that he might stand on Mount
Lowe and proclaim throughout the earth
his opposition to a doctrine which nad
satisfied the church for 2tX> years.
Rev. John Shirley Ward declared that
the ministers of the Presbyterian church
did not and dared not preach the doctrine
of the church, referring especially to th»
doctrine of election.
Rev. J. M. Newell said the faith was not
only sufficient for Presbyterians but that
it had proved sufficiently attractive* for
fifty-seven ministers of outside denomina
tions to apply for admission Into the
Presbyterian fold during 1 the last year.
Dr. Robert StronR'iut himself squarely
on record as favor*^ a new creed— on»
that is applicable to the twentieth cen
tury needs.
"The present confession of faith." ha
said, "is no more fitted to the man of to
day than is his grandfather's coat."
Others spoke on the same lines, and
after the vote had been taken the con
vention adjourned sine die.
CAMPED IN A LODI GROVE.
Members of the Church of God Oc-
cupy a City of Tents.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LODI. Sept. 27.— The State camp-meet
ing of the Church of God Is being held
he^e. Delegates and visitors are present
from ail over the State, camping in
Saints' Grove, where rousing meetings
are held every evening. The pretty grove
is dotted with tents. The members of thi3
sect say they preach the gospel as Christ
did, and they believe in faith healing to
an unlimited extent. They ask the sick
and sufferine to come and be healed.
Drugs and medicines are denounced as
ungodly and unfit to be countenanced.
Among the ministers present are Revs. J.
L. Byers, J. R. Green, J. M. Hudson and
W. Bailey.
The Church of God has purchased the
only available picnic ground in this neigh
borhood and "rechristened It "Saint3'
Grove." The grove stands on the eastern
outskirts of town and has been the an
nual gathering place for picnics. Fourth
of July celebrations and outings of all
kinds. Now the town is left without a
park of any sort, for the Church of God
people say the grove has been sanctified
to God and cannot be profaned by worldly
feet again. Rev. Mr. Hudson, with th«
assistance of his followers, intends to
erect a church there as soon as possible.
Sonoma's Christian "Women Meet.
SANTA ROSA. Sept. 27.— At the Baptist
Church this afternoon the opening session
of the county institute of the Woman's
Christian Temperance Union was called to
order by President Mrs. E. H. Button of
Petaluma. Visitors and delegates from all
parts of the county are in attendance and
the convention will last until Saturday.
A number of interesting papers followed
by short discussions were read this after
noon. To-nisht addresses were delivered
by Rev. W. L. Gaston, Rev. L. D.
Rathbone and the president of the local
union, Mrs. A. J. Wheeler. The county
officers are: President. Mrs. B. H But
ton; vice president, Mrs. A. J. Wheeler;
recording secretary. Mrs. Edith Cheeae
wright; corresponding secretary, Mrs.
Emma L. Beeson; treasurer, Airs Eva
Simmonds; auditor, Mrs. C. M. Devereaux.
»
Advent Christian Conference.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SANTA CRUZ, Sept. 27.— The annual
conference and camp meeting of the Ad
vent Christian churches of Northern Cali
fornia is being held in a grove In this city.
Delegates from all over the State are In
camp. A large free dining tent haa been
erected and another large tent is used as
an auditorium. The opening sermon last
evening was preached by Rev. T. H. Or
can of Oakland.
Final Action Taken by
Members of Los Angeles
Presbytery.
VOTE AGAINST
REVISION OF
THEIR CREED
Contribution Acknowledged.
The following note of thanks was re
ceived by C. Altschul from Mayor Jones
of Galveston yesterday:
GAL.VESTOX, Texas. Sept. 22, 1300.
Mr. C. Altschul. Manager London. Paris and
American Bank. Ltd., San Francisco. Cal.
Dear Sir: I beg to acknowledge receipt of your
favor of the 15th inst. Inclosing- $300 50. which
you collected for the benefit of the flood suf
ferers of Galveston. For your noble work and
for the very liberal contribution please accept
our heartfelt thanks, and for your kind words
of sympathy our gratitude. Yours truly,
W. C. JONES. Mayor.
HOUSTON. Tex., Sept. 27.— The Braroa
River is still rising at Waco and an over
flow now seems certain. The rise has been
more rapid this evening than at any time
previously, and a message from Kopperel
reports a fresh rise there and a more
rapid one than the first. The river at
Waco lacked a few inches of leaving its
banks at 8 o'clock, and with the present
outlook an overflow is almost certain.
The water is ten feet below the high
water mark of 1S99, but does not have to
reach that point to overflow thousands of
acres of the bottom farms. Advices from
the Lower Brazos to-day are to the ef
fect that backwater has inundated the
lowlands, flooded last spring, but has not
broken over its banks. Tne river has,
with the exception of a few hours yester
dav morning, been constantly rising for
six days, a record-breaker as to length of
time.
The Trinity is reported rising at Fort
Worth and Dallas. A special from the
former place says the bottoms are inun
dated to a depth of three to four feet and
the situation nas a serious aspect.
Tl.e reports from the Lower Trinity say
that the first flood is passing without
damage. The rise in the Colorado River
has reached Columbus and two piers In
the Southern Pacific bridge have" gone,
interrupting 1 their traffic to the west.
AUSTIN, Tex., Sept. 27.— Returning this
morning from Galveston Governor feayers
reported conditions in that city as greatly
improved. The relief committee is doing
excellent work and the people generally
talk hopefully. There were about 17u0
men at work clearing away the debris on
Wednesday.
It is his opinion that it will require 4000
men to remove all the debris within the
next thirty" days, but it may require a
longer time. Means have been provided
for prompt payment in cash for ench
day's work, and no man is asked or re
quired to work without fuil compensa
tion in money* The supplies are being
systematically distributed only to those
who have suffered from the storm and
are helpless, the policy being to pay those
who are strong and willing to work and
to help only those who are infirm and
needy and cannot provide for themselves.
Commerce is being resumed, and on
Wednesday the Governor saw large ships
loaded with grain and cotton.
The Governor remained at Houston sev
eral hours and found that the work of
the relief committee was being admirably
done and that the ladies' committee had
performed its duties so as to justly en
title it to the very highest praise.
OFFICIAL REPORT OF STORM.
Wind Beached a Velocity of 120
Miles an Hour.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 27.— The Weather
Bureau has received from its local fore
cast official at Galveston, I. M. Cline, a
report on the great hurricane of Septem
ber 8.
Mr. Cline was one of the sufferers by
the disaster. His house, which was one
of the substantial structures in the beach
section of the residence district became
the refuge of ,iifty peopie about the height
of the storm. It went down in the gen
eral wreck and thirty-two of its inmates,
including Mrs. Cline, were killed. Cline
and his assistant* J. C. Cline. rescued
three children and one woman and
escaped to the center of the city after
drifting about in the gulf for three hours
on the floating wreckage. John D. Blag
den, one of tne observers at the station,
stood by the office till all the Instruments
bad been blown away. Mr. Blagden,
knowing the importance of the barometer
record and fearing to trust the barograpn
or automatic recording instrument, tooK
readings of the mercurial barometer
through the height of the storm at five
minute intervals. The instrument showed
a minimum reading of 2S.53, the lowest
ever recorded in this country.
People were advised to seek substantial
shelter in the center of the city for the
night and thousands from the low beach
section heeded this warning and were
saved when the general crash came. It
is estimated that the wind reached a ve
locity of 120 miles.
Mr, Cline's map of the area of totai
destruction, checked by the estimate of
the insurance underwriters, indicates that
S&JS houses were totally destroyed. Tne
loss of life, he says, never will be exactly
known, but It is estimated at over 6000.
The property damage will exceed $30,
000,000.
The Galveston Fund.
Reports from interior counties are pour
ins into the State relief committee.
San Jose- reports that $2020 S3 has been
raised in that city.
Pleasanton reports that JS9 50 has al
ready been raised and forwarded and that
further relief action Is being managed by
the I. O. O. F. and other societies.
Nevada City reports that up to the 25th
Inst. $612 55 had been raised in that clty
and forwarded direct.
Chico reports up to the 25th inst. that
$300 haa been raised In that eity for the
Texas relief fund.
The following are the additional sub
scriptions reported to ; the State Relief
Committee:
By Bank' of California-
People's Bank, Santa Cruz, Cat $37 so
By Chairman Hellman —
Citizens of Oceanside, Cal 23 50
Walter Yv\ Birch, Faso Robles 1 00
Cash 2500
By Lumber Committee —
E. K. Wood Lumber Co 20 00
Received by Mayor Fbelan —
Mrs. N. Van Bergen 19 00
Total 122 00
Previously acknowledged v 10,695 SO
'Total to date I30.S17 SO
— >
Bottom Lands Along the Trinity Are
Inundated and the Situation
Has Assumed a Serious
Aspect.
Brazos Is Still Rising, and
an Overflow Is Almost
Certain. .
DANGER ALONG
THE BANKS OF
TEXAS RIVER
Powers in Practical Deadlock Over
Efforts to. Open Peace Ne
gotiations,
DISCONCERTED BY
AMERICA'S STAND
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, FBID AY, SEPTEMBER 28, 1900.
BRYAN'S DAILY CRIPPLE CREEK.
2
—From the New York Herald.WOODLAND. Sept. 27.— Half of the peo
ple of Woodland are confident a firebug Is
trying to burn the southern part of the
city. There have been five fires within a
week, all originating in barns. The latest
at 6 o'clock this evening destroyed a barn
and a lot of hay belonging- 'to the estate
of the late Violette Galbraith.
Guilty of First Degree Murder.
- VISALIA, Sept. 27.— The Jury In the
Donlan murder case to-day, brought in a
verdict of guilty of murder in the first
degree. Donlan killed his wife on June
18. He was Intoxicated. when the crime
was committed. . . .
Transport Sails From Portland.
PORTLAND, Or., Sept. 27.— The trans
port Thyra sailed for Manila this evening
with 600 - horses and mules and a large
cargo of hay and grain. ' The Thyra will
touch at Hilo, where the animals will be
put ashore for a few days" rest. The
steamer Braemar of Dodwell & Co.'s Hne
arrived to-day from Hongkong and Yoko
hama. She will return to- Manila with a
cargo of Government stores as soon aa
she can be loaded.
Ten Tears for Manslaughter.
SUISUN. Sept. 27. — John W. McNeil was
last week found guilty in the. Superior
Court her© of th» crime of manslaughter.
He. was sentenced to-day to ten years in
San Quentin. . - . ¦ v. ~
INTEHESTS THE COAST.
PcstofSce Changes and List of Pen
sions Granted.
Fp"".El I'iff'-atrh to The Call.
WASHINGTON Sept. 27.— Postofflce es
taHlshf-d, California, Cina, Butte County.
HiUle M Jamieson. Postmaster. Discon
tinued (Mobfr 15. Oregon. CherryvilVe.
Clackamas County, mail to I- r»|ood.
Postmasters commissioned — California.
Francis I. Dudley. San Ardo; Orrgon. Ed
ward Minor. Whiteson: Washington W il-
Uaan H. Stewart. Riparia. Whitman Coun
ty, latr in Columbia County. n .. ,
Pensions issued: California-Original--
Isaac F. Moore, San Jose. >6. War with
Spain. originaJ— Aubrey R. Pedder, San
Diego. $6.
O! egon — Additional — Joseph Schrack,
Oakville. $S.
Washington - Original — William M.
Stites. Soldiers' Home Ortlng, &; Eras
tus fi. McCloud. Colville. *S.
Wellman Gives Himself Up.
PAN'TA ROSA. Sept. 27.— William Well
man, who on Sunday night at Sacramento
n-rajtf-d from Constable Sam Gllllam.of
t!iis= city, who went from here to arrest
him, arrived here to-night and gave him
self up to the officers. Wellman is
charged with assault •with a. deadly
¦weapon with Intent to murder M. C.
Gott of Windsor. At Sacramento last Sun
day night, when the Constable was asleep
in the same bed with him, Wellman got
up Ana escaped. • . ;
LOS ANGELES.: Sept. 27.— Shirley G.
Ward of counsel for scrippcrs in the oil
case recently decided by Judge Ross de
clares that both of the' cases involved in
the decision will* be appealed to the Cir
cuit Court of Appeals, and; failing there
will be taken to the United. States Court
of Appeals. :
Mr. Ward expressed astonishment at
Judsre Ross' recommendations that the
affidavits In those cases be Investigated
with a view to bringing indictments for
perjury, declaring that If Judge Ross re
ferred to the affidavits In regard to the
Improvements lipon the land scripped by
himself and his. clients .the only question
would be as to whether euch Improve
ments existed or not prior to scripplng.
There -were twenty-eight affidavit* show
ing that no .Improvements existed against
eight to the contrary.- . .
Higher Court to Pass Upon, the In
cision of Judge Roes.
SCRIPPERS WTLL APPEAI..
Prove That the Murderer
Is Sane.
PLACERVILLK. Sept. 27.-After the
cross-examination .of Dr. D. A. Kellogg
this morning, the defense in the Zumwalt
murder trial closed its case and witnesses
in rebuttal were examined by the prose
cution to prove Zumwalt sane. W. \V.
Hcyt. J. P. Sellick. Rose Sellick, J. X.
Sellick. Louisa. Springer, Andrew Smith.
Albert Springer. Ellas Perry, S. J. Baker
and James Patton all lived In the neigh
borhood of the defendant's home for many
year?, and each testified that from obser
vation, of Zuznwalt's actions and from
conversations with him up to the time of
the tragedy they had formed the opinion
that Zumwalt was a sane man.
Charles \V. Lovejoy testified that on the
night of September 9 he was confined in' a
cell adjoining that of Zumwalt in the
Countv Jai!. In the early part of -the
night he Raw Zumwalt groping about and
feeling the walls. In an apparently fee
ble and dftnenteil condition; but at about
3 o'clock in the morning ZumwaJt passed
his cell in the direction of the rear of the
Jail in a direct and conscious manner.
It Is expected that with the examina
tion of physicians subpenaed by the peo
ple the prosecution will closp its case in
rebuttal to-morrow.
Prosecution Introduces Witnesses to
NEARING THE END OF
THE ZUMWALT TRIAL
When they reached the Bacuacha Moun
tains Murphy held up George, took the
money ana mules, he drove and left the
mining man in the mountains to find his
way to the border as best he could. He
wandered about fourteen days and each
night found him In almost the same place
where he had camped tne night before.
He finally found his way to San Pedro
after subsisting all this time upon toads,
lizards and cactus, j He said that he drank
water from holes which were strewn
about with the putrid carcasses of ca.ttle.
The struggle on the desert and long ex
posure weakened his mind and when he
reached San Pedro he could tell little of
what had occurred. He. went on to. Bis
bee and from there Came to Tucson.
George said that he was on his way to
San Francisco, where a railroad man was
Interested with him in rich gold mine;
he was working In Sonora. He could not
remember the name of his partner to
day but the physician who attended him
believes that his mind will be clear in a
few days and he will be able to give a
full account of himself and his operations.
He said that news reached him at Blsbee
that Murphy had been captured by Mexi
can authorities and shot. He was anxious
to communicate with his partner, but his
Inability to give the latter s name renders
the authorities here unable to do anything
but care for him until he recovers.
George Is 69 years of ag-er vigorous and
apparently a man of ability.
TUCSON, Ariz.. Sept.. 27.— Hiram George,
a mining, man fi-om Sonora, arrived in
Tucson to-day in a state of destitution
and related a pitiful story of treachery
and robbery. He left his mining camp at
Bacuacha, Mexico, as soon as news of the
Galveston disaster reached him, his wife
and seven children having been lost In it.
iWith him was "Jim" Murphy, his cook,
and Mr. George took also J10.000 of Mexi
can money which" he had received for
ores which he had sold from his mine.
Special Dispatch i.o The Call.
LIZARDS AND CACTDS HIS FOOD
Mining Man Wanto Four
teen Days In Arizona
Wilds.
ROBBED AND
LEFT TO DIE
0 N A DESERT
TUCSOX, Ariz.. Sept. 27.— In the El
Royal workings of the Helvetia minlns
camp a great cave has been encountered.
The strike was made yesterday and re
ports received from the camp to-night
are that 500 feet of cave has been ex
plored and Its exact extent; Is not known.
Its greatest width Is 200 feet. Metallic
copper' is found in it and persons who
rtavo been In it say that there are Im
mense quantities of this ore In sight. In
the cave there Is a spring which will "sup
ply the camp with an abundance of water
Several weeks ago a small cave filled
with water was encountered tn the same
workings and the new discovery is prob
ably a bigger opening of the first one
The depth of the cave is 245 feet and the
exposed surface is walled with ore The
discovery has created excitement among
mining men and waa received with Joy at
-Helvetia, which is a young camp havlnjr
sprung up during the past year. There are
now, nearly 1000 people there.
Samples of ore taken from the cave
show, copper in its native state and beau
tiful specimens of malachjte are found.
Special Dispatch to -The Call.
WALLS SEAMED WITH COPPER
Two Hunflrefl Feet Wide
and Its Length Is
' Not Known.
GREAT CAVERN
DISCOVERED IN
ARIZONA MINE
The money -which remained in the steel
chest was taken out to-day and counted
in order to ascertain the exact amount the
robbers took. The Treasurer refuses to
state the amount of the shortage.
MERCED, Sept. 27.— The officers are
hard at work endeavoring to locate the
robbers who forced Treasurer Bambauer
to open the county vault and, after they
had emptied the trays of coin Into a sack,
locked him In the vault and made off -with
their plunder. The officers and detectives
believe that the thieves were amateurs or
the y would have made an attempt to blow
open the treasury chest, as It contained
over $70,000. A3 the Courthouse la situated
a long distance from any house the chest
could easily have been wrecked without
attractlrg any attention. It is te ieved that
they were local men, as one of them -wore
gloves and ¦would not speak, keeping out
of sight as much as possible. The author
ities have strong suspicions but refuse to
divulge their intentions.
The men arrested in Fresno yesterday
were released, as they did not tally ¦with
the descriptions given by Bambauer. A
man was also brought In by an officer
from Livingston, but, he too was released.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
TREASURY CHESr UNMOLESTED
AMATEURS AT
THE TRADE OF
LOOTING SAFES
Fortune in Coin Overlooked
by Merced's Pair ol
Robbers.
UNIXJUEED FRONT OF TAVERN* AND PRETTY CONCERT HALL UPSTAIRS AFTER FIRE. THE EXTERIOR
WAS UNINJURED AND SHOWS NO SIGN OF DEVASTATION WROUGHT WITHIN BY FLAMES SMOKE
AND WATER, THE INTERIOR WAS DELUGED BY STREAMS FROM SEVERAL ENGINES.
may clear th** mystery surrourjdlrjr the
murders of Willian» Taylor and Hans
Rasmussen ne3r Foisom. A force of men
is now huntine in that vicinity for a luna
tic who is believed to have committed the
crimes. The madman has been seen by
several persons. One man had him cor
raled in a barn, but while he went for as
eisUinee tho crazy man escaped.
This afternoon the Folsoir. officers ar
rested a stranger who was apparently
insane and vho was armed with ?. 44
caliber revolver pnd had a lar§T2 sum of
tiohcv on his persoj;. It is not kno'vn yt>t
whether h<? Is the madman who has been
hr.umir.g the vicinity of the murders.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO. Sept. 27.-Ofnc.erp of
this ccunty have at last got a clew that
Lunatic Haunts the Neighborhood
Where William Taylor and
Sans Rasmussen Were
Slain.
MADMAN COMMITTED
THE FOLSOM MURDERS
SANTA CRUZ. Sept. C7.— One of the most
brilliant eodety events ever held In this
city whs the v.«»dding of Miss Ethelbert
Lcuis=«-- Sforer ot fama Cruz to Jwige Al
bert Thoicas Lar<!in of Ottawa. 111. The
Congregational church, where the cere
mony took place, was filled with a con
prei?alion reprc-sentinp the ¦w*-plth and cul
ture t>i Fanta Cruz. The interior of the
edifice was elaborately decorated. The
choir loft was hidden from view by a
liodge of huckleberry foliage. Before the
altar was an arch of feathery bamboo,
hanging frc.nr which were many amayl
lis blr^Foms.
Hofore the ceremony kites G::sfeldt of
Son Jose/s=ang ."Oh, Fair and Sw«fet and
Hi "• " nnd "Still as the Ni^ht." At half
part b the wedding march from "Lohen
prln" pealed forth and the bridal party
erterwl the chorch. First came the ush
en Thomas McPherson and Charles Wil-
FfTr; Herbert Bias and Baron von Heller.
The bridesmaids. pov.ned in pink and
c?.rrvinp pink earnauons. were Miss Mar-
EueriTe Mcr'v, Miss Fannie Pray of San
Francisco and M'.ss Carrie Bias, the ring
bcarcr?. Fred Hihn Jr. and the maid of
honor in a pale CTeen crepe gown.
The bride was richly frowned in white
Ubertr ei!k. with a l>olero of duchesse lace
ai o a tulle veil. She carrie.1 brid^? rosos.
The'bridal party was met at the altar
by the croom. the best man. .'h;irlef
F'vans* of Oakland, and the officiating
< ;. rs .man. Rev. J. n. Urr. The Episcopal
rr.arriapp service was rend.
Mipt th<- services at the church an in
formal reception vra< held at the Pope
}(ou«> A w<Miner supper was enjoyeu in
th» oini.il? hall, seventy-five gruests being
P *Jud8« and Mrs. Lardin will reside In
Ottama. 111.
Albert Thomas Lardin and Ethel
bert Louise Uorey the Princi- <*._
pals in a Brilliant
Ceremony.
ILLINOIS. JUDGE WEDS
A SANTA CM MISS
OTF PORT SAFETT. n. 1900.— Who flsdw
thU pleaao report to authorities. TXght
of us left Port Clarence tare* <lays aso and
axe now al&kiac lz*t, with* no boo*.
JACK DEUOfBT.
G. I* MTZRa.
BAH HARK (or Macx).
JOHN DOLAN,
GEOStGE TKOilAS.
A. M. DEAN'.
The- message was turned over to Cap
tain Jarvlfl.
SEATTLE, Sept. 77.— A messa*» from
the aea was picked up on the beach at
Nome by a soldier on September 17. near
the military reservation. It waa In a bot
tle, tightly corked, and was written on a
common Japanese paper napkin. It read
as follows:
Tip on the Nome Beach,
Bottle Contain frig a Message Picked
TELLS OP A SEA DISASTER.
THE glossy, green-tiled front of
the Techau Tavern still smiles a
welcome to the passerby on Ma
eon street, but behind the emlle
there is only hollow mockery, for
there Is no longer entertainment there for
man. The interior of the hospitable hos
telry was ravaged yesterday morning by
fire, smoke and water, and mine host Te
chau thinks that his loss will be fully 530,
000.
At a quarter of 9 o'clock In the morning
a passerby saw smoke arising from the
roof and he at once gave the alarm.
When the Fire Department arrived on
the scene the south half of the roof and
the south wall were afire and pouring out
Rreat clouds of smoke. Knowing the
flimsy character of the buildings adjoin
ing, Fire Chief Sullivan turned in a sec
ond alarm and played six strong streams
upon the burning building. He literally
deluged the place and the water came
running down the stairways in great cas
cades. At the end of an hour the fire was
extinguished, leaving the pretty front of
the building unmarred. One looking at
the house from the street could hardly
believe that there had been a nre at all.
The lace curtains in the windows were
intact, and the only evidence of disaster
that could be seen from the street was
broken plastering on the south end.
The big fire was the result of flames in
the flues leading from the charcoal broil
ers on the southeast corner of the lower
floor, catching the grease and running up
between the walls to the roof. Mr. Te
chau was getting out of bed just before
the alarm was given and was giving an
order to a servant for his breakfast, when
he heard a roaring, rumbling noise. Hei
asked what it was, and the servant opened*"
the door to ascertain, when smoke came '
through the door and from under the car
pets. Mr. Techau lost no time in dress
ing and was almost overcome by the
smoke- before he succeeded in making his
escape.
The building was insured for $40,000 in
the following named companies: Thu
ringia. $20.00-); New Zealand, $10,000; Lon
don and Lancashire. $7500, and Fireman's
Fund. $2500. The agent of another com
pany had Just called with a policy for $10,
000, to begin October 1, when the fire
broke out. The agent kept the policy in
his pocket, and watched the nre^ from a
safe distance.
The Tavern was completed sixteen
months ago on the site of Dr. Gibson's
United Presbyterian Church. The front
of the church was torn down and the side
walls were left, a handsome new front of
dark-green glazed tiles being put up.
would enable the trustees to invest the
money at hand in such bonds as are or
dinarily taxed and which pay the highest
rate of Interest instead of non-taxable
Government bonds upon which the inter
est ta low and the premium high. This
change alore would increase the net in
come of the untversitv between J100.0X)
and $2nn.iW\
Owing to Mrs. Stanford's absence in
r.urope she could not be seen, hut it is
well known that she has grave fears for
the university's future welfare. It Is said
upon good authority that her heirs in the
East have sent to California for copies
of our State cedes that they might search
out for themselves the legal flaws in the
university grant.
At to-day's student body meeting the
whole question was so thoroughly dis
cussed that every member of the coKeg;
realizes its full importance. Every one
is ready to work for the confirmation ol
the grant by urging the passage of the
proposal amendment. George E. Crothers
was re-elected president of the club;
Charles L. Lewers. vice president, and
J. F. She«»han, 'secretary and treasurer.
The following were named executive com
mitt^men: F. V. Ke^silnp. C. B. Whit
; tier. J. R. Hamilton. W. M. Erb. C. K.
Field. E. Re a. F. Adams and E. T.
! Maples. Necessary funds are to be raised
¦ by popular subscription and by a public
I benefit to be given under student auspice.-*,
1 probably next week."
versity's real property would not be ex
empted frcm local taxation at all and
only the campus and Iniildinps would be
freed from State taxation. Its personal
property, though, would be exempt. ThU
failure to follow this act up with neces
sary legislation relating to Stanford Uni
versity in particular may prove to be a
disastrous mistake. »
Since the university is not a public cor
poration doubt is also expressed whether
or not it can legally grant degrees undei
the State constitution. A bill to remedy
this defect was drafted several years ago
by the head of the law department, but
has never been introduced into the Legis
lature.
Further objections to the present law
as it stands upon the statute books arc
urged. First, it does not allow the uni
versity to receive property by will, nor to
hold property outside of the State. This
shuts off a gift from Thomas Welton
Stanford of Australia, r.-ho has already
made a will in favor of the university for
the bulk cf his property, valued at about
SS.000.400.
Under the proposed amendment the uni-
Further facts than those disclosed by
the president have come to light this af
ternoon. Mrs. Stanford has changed the
number of trustees, origina..- 1 - twenty
four, from time to time until now there
are but iiftecn. Further than that, their
term has been reduced from life to ten
years. It will also be noticed that the
Krant was only to found a university.
This was general In Its character anu ~id
not specifically apply to Senator Stan
ford or any one in particular; hence the
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Great excitement has been caused at Leland Stanford Jr. Univer-
Eity by admissions made yesterday by President David Starr Jordan at
a mass-meeting called to consider plans for the campaign on behalf
cf the proposed amendment to the constitution remedying the xlef sets in
the founding 1 and endowment gTant and exempting university property
from taxation- It was shown that under an amendment to what may
have been an invalid statute, Mrs. Stanford had given to the university
£20,000,000, and that title to all of her gifts was open to attack. So
earnest was the warning of the president that the future of this
great institution of learning depended upon the success of the proposed
amendment that his words left a profound impression and have caused
widespread alarm.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. Sept. j
2T.— President David Starr rdan
this afternoon uttered a • cing j
to faculty ar.d students that has ;
caused a tremendous sensation in •
university circles. He declared the $20,00).- ;
O») with which Mrs. Jane L.. Stanford has
endowed the university wa.« given under ;
an amendment to a statute feared cow to j
t'f invalid.
Now the question of taxation has been j
almost submerged by the necessity of j
l -joying vr> the great endowment and the j
< ae ?-iza of the Stanford University Con- !
>-::utior.al Amendment Club Is so to |
emend the Jangling laws under which tne |
i::.:vors:ty exists that us brilliant future ;
may be r.either er.dar.sered nor destroyed, i
Thinking that the <juestion of taxation j
was uppermost in irapottar.ee the students ;
met < .-n masse in the college chapel this I
afternoon. They were soon disabused ol j
'!.'.< idea by the first speaker. President!
David Starr Jordan entered immediately }
upon the discussion oi that part of the ,
tn> :r.drr.«;r.t which dealt directly with the
i r. : wrr.»r.t. While the subject of taxa- ;
Ii4 n w;,<= still a factor, he said, the othor ;
pan cf 'h* amendment was of far greater''
importance. •
"Senator Stanford," continued the pre.^i- ;
dent, ••made his bequest*, when the laws;
• .' California were at least peculiar, and >
ihcrr enforcement was accomplished with
a < ¦.;!i. We are now not even sure that
the < r.abltng act. passed as a statute but ;
erroreously entitled "An act to amend.' j
:•= vali'i under the constitution of tne j
fctate f C It will be readily seen i
lhat the enabling act dees, not follow tht ¦¦
title, which, under the strictest rules of
taw. mijrht prove fatal.
"Again, the grant is broader than the ;
bliss act. Therefore any amendment |
: > the enabling act passed with reference
3 institutions not eleemosynary would
r ' include Stanford University.
tee iir.p that the title- to the property
originally granted he not now subject to \
atta Ic because of the lapse of time. i. e.. !
••:•¦ rur.r.ir.jr of th<» statute of limitations. '
this r.oe« not validate the trusts provided j
M lo any other property given to the i
university. Even if the university have;
rh< ::ebt*to take such subsequent grar.ts j
tbe f-ame cuestlon will attach to each ;
: th<» future. If Mrs. Stanford j
•: ts. »K!h out laws are in their;
; • - nt i baotie condition each grant that \
- been made by her could be attacked i
v .•;:«::; the Ftatutcry sixty days. E>U| I
E ford student should know and appre- ¦
riate the vital interest the proposed;
i • m- "-nOm* -r.t relating to the university h.is !
to us. Realizing this nothing should be j
left undor.e which would aid in its |
passage. Eighty thousand votes are nee- •
essary to carry the measure. Let the j
friesos ar.d students of the university ¦
rally to its support in its hour of utmost i
peril " '
Was Made Under a Supposedly Invalid
Act and Is Open to* Attack at
Any Time.
Million-Dollar Endowment
Clouded.
Title to. the University's Twenty-
STANFORD FACES
GRAVE DISASTER
Techau's Tavern, Where Palatable Viands and Sweet
- Music Tempted the Convivial Spirits of the City, Is
Ruined by Fire and the Loss Is Heavy.
• . - ¦
FLAMES DESTROY INTERIOR
OF A POPULAR EATING PLACE
Tide Rises So Rapidly That Residents
of Flooded District Barely
Escape Alive.
Storm Following That of Septem
ber 1 2 Completes the Work
of Destruction.
MAIN STREET OF
NOME IN RUINS
Spedal Dispatch to The Call.
MERCED, Sept. 27.— -J. E. Fleming, for
merly postmaster at Coulterville, whose
accounts were a short time ago examined
by a postofflce inspector, who found that
there ¦was a shortage, arrived here to
day In the custody of Deputy United
States Marshal McCullough. Fleming was
In office only nine months and the short
age i amounts to $940. - He will be. taken
to Fresno for trial.
Fleming to Be Tried at Fresno.
morning with one of the largest and
liest single shipments of mining machin
ery ever sent to the Klondike. Almost 600
tons of all kinds of hydraulic plants and
other gold mining machinery made*up the
shipment. 'It is doubtful if all can be got
through to Dawson before the coming of
cold, weather, but they will be rushed
across the already snow-covered summit
of White Pass and probably will be in
Bennett in time to catch one of the latest
boats down the river to Dawson.
VANCOUVER, B. C, Sept. 27.— The
steamer Farollen sailed for the north this
Mayfield's ' McKinley Club.
Spedal Dispatch to The Call.
MAYFIELD. Sept.. 27.— The Mayfleld
McKinley Club was organized last even
ing with nearly forty names on the roll.
This number will be doubled In a few
days. The officers are: President. Profes
sor M. R. Trace; vice president. A. C. Mc-
Innis; secretary. W- A. GrlfHn: treasurer.
H D. McGary; executive committee — B.
Mayer, John S. Torrence and W. A. Grif-
Big Shipment for Dawson.
" PHOENIX. Ariz.. Sept. 27.— Certificates
of nomination -were filed with the* Secre
tary of the Territory to-day by Marcus
Smith and J. F. Wilson, each nominated
for Territorial Delegate to Congress at a
recent split in the Democratic convention.
It was believed for a time that one nom
inee would withdraw, thus healing the
breach In the party, but the acticyr to-day
removes all doubt that each faction will
1-right to a finish. _,"•?
Split in Arizona Democracy.
in the Southern City.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN DIEGO, Sept. 27.— Samuel M.
Shortridge of San Francisco opened the
Republican campaign here this evening,
speaking to a crowd of almost 3000 per
sons on the plaza. The principal portion
of the space in front of the speakers*
stand was filled with seats, and yet many
were compelled to stand, some of them
almost beyond the sound of the speaker's
voice. Carriages filled the streets on all
sides of the plaza.
The meeting- was called to order by
Charles Collier. San Diego's representa
tive on the State Central Committee, who
congratulated the people of the county on
the fact that so large a company had
gathered to grac*> the opening of the cam
paign of the party of progress. M. L.
Ward presided and there were numerous
vice presidents to fill the stand, which
was tastefully decorat-d with flowers and
bunting and with the pictures of the party
candidates.
Mr. Shortridge made a strong speech,
in which he spoke of the party as certain
of success in November and followed -with
a masterly review of the party principles.
He was frequently interrupted by applause
during the address. A reception to the
speaker followed at the residence of Colo
ned A. G. Gassen.
Auspicious Opening of the Campaign
SHOUT RIDGE AT SA1T DIEGO.
ATTEMPTED BRIBERY CHARGED
Sensation in the Sacramento Demo
cratic Convention.
SACRAMENTO,' Sept. 27.— The Demo
cratic County Convention met In this city
this afternoon and after effecting tem
porary organization took a recess until
7:30 o'clock this evening. For a short time
afyer reconvening It was one of the live
liest conventions that has been held in tds
city in many years. The trouble came
from the Second Supervisorial District,
the nomination for Supervisor being
sought for by William McLaughlln. the
Incumbent, and William Kent, a brother
of City Trustee R. E. Kent. There was a
contest over the selection of delegates In
the Second district, and after consider
able work on the part of the McLaughlJn
men the delegates irora the other four
districts agreed that they would vote to
take the nominating of Supervisors out of
the districts and have it done by the con
vention at large. They kept their word,
and the convention decided to select not
only the Supervisors In that manner, but
the Assemblymen and fifteen county cora
mltteemen as well.
Attorney Arthur M. Seymour of this city
In speaking to the report of the commit
tee on organization and order of business,
providing for the selection of candidates
by the convention at large, made the
statement that McLauphtin had been In
formed by adherents of his opponent that
he could have the nomination for a mone
tary consideration. Seymour said that he
realized the responsibility he assumed In
making the statement and that he. was
prepared to prove It.
The convention then proceeded to select
Its nominees, with the following results:
State Senator— Gillis Doty (SacumbentV
Superior Judge, to succeed the late Matt F.
Johnson— Peter J. Shields, secretary of the
State Agricultural Society. s
Supervisors — Second District. ¦William Mc-
Lauchlin; Third District. David Ahern: Fourth
District. Morris Brooke.
Assemblyrnei*— M. A. de Lew. Louis F. Rea
ber. T. H. McDerbr.
SEATTLE, Sept. 27.— The destruction of |
First avenue, the principal business Btreet
of Nome, partially wrought by the gale .
of September 12, was completed by the j
storm reported by the Roanofce as having
been encountered on September 15, ar.d j
which i3 nowjbelieved to have been even j
more severe than its terrible predecessor. |
This was the third storm that had swept ;
the mining metropolis during the month, j
The passengers and officers of the Ta- ;
coma, which arrived here to-day, report j
that the transaction of business on First
avenue had been practically suspended.
The buildings remaining were belntj held
In place by cables to upland posts. Two
or three saloons were afloat and. being
moored to secure fastenings, were filled
with crowds drinking to drown the dreari
ness oj their surroundings.
Tht? strength of the wind was so gTeat
that the tide was driven to the greatest
height ever known. River street was
completely covered, more than half the
stores on Its lower side being: carried off
their foundations and many others great
ly damaged. The water arose so rapidly
that the-merchants had little time to save
stocks, and in many cases they were able
to carry away nothing, having barely
time to escape with their own lives.
It is estimated that more than 5000 tons
of coal were buried by the eand or carried
out by the water. The losses are so heavy
that a scarcitv of coal for winter use is
certain. Previous to the storm coal was
selling at $45 a ton, but at last reports It
had reached $125.
The lumber yards also suffered h*av
lly. More than 500,000 feet of lumber,
mostly dressed, was washed out to sea.
The water reached so far Inland that sev
eral miles of the Wild Goose Railroad
were washed out.
Solomon City, at the mouth of Solomon
River, was devastated by the storm. All
buildings were either swept away by the
waves or were wrecked by the wind. The
Special Dispatch to The Call.
town had a population ©t 200, all et whom
are destitute and homeless.
The Tacoma sailed from Norn* on Sep
tember 18 and brought over $300,000 worth
of Nome -treasure, which, save X100.00O
consigned by the Pioneer Mining Com
pany, wan distributed generally among
the passengers.
Two recent deaths at 2Corne are report
ed — those of Thomas Campbell and.
Charles S. Levante. Levante died of
pneumonia. He was a natlre of Pennsyl
vania. 43 years old, and a member of the
Order of Karles. Campbell was a resi
dent of Seattle and en employe of ths
Theobald Mercantile Company of Nome.
A wagon load of lumber upset, crushing
him to death. Ha was about 35 years of
are*
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 28, 1900.
• Firebug at "Work in Woodland.
Special Dispatch to The Call
3
Price 25 cents. All druggists, orswt post
paid on receipt of price. DR. PALL DE
FORD. 175 N. Spring St.. Los Angelea. CaL
DR. GROSSMAN'S SPECIFIC MIXTURE
For ths core of GONORRHOEA. GUESTS,
STRICTURES aad analasous complaint* of til*
Organs of Generation.
Frlc* V- a bottla. For mI* by traafiMtM. .
t FAVORITE
SCEIPTION
R WEAK WOMEN.
THEORIES ABOUT FOOD.
A little booklet on cause and cure of
stomach troubles mailed free by address-
ing F. A. Stuart Co.. Marshall. Mich.
That large class of people who conr*
under the head of nervous dyspeptics
should eat plenty of meat and Insure its
proper digestion by the daily use of a safe
harmless digestive medicine like Stuart's
Dyspepsia Tablets, composed of the nat-
ural digestive principles— pepsfn. diastase,
fruit acids and salts, which actually per-
form the -work of digestion. Cheap cathar-
tic medicines, masquerading under the
name of dyspepsia cures, are useless for
indigestion, as they have absolutely no
effect upon the actual digestion of food.
Dvspepsia In all its many forms is sim-
ply a failure of the stomach to digest food,
and the sensible way to solve the riddle
and cure the dyspepsia is to make daily
use at meal time of a preparation like
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets, which Is in-
dorsed by the medical profession and
known to contain active digestive princi-
ples.
All druggists • sell Stuart's Dyspepsia
Tablets at £0c for full treatment.
Dr. Julius Remmson on this subject
eays: "Nervous persons. p«ople run down
in health and of low vitality should eat
meat and plenty of it- If the digestion is
too feeble at first It may be easily correct-
ed by the regular use of Stuart's Dyspep-
sia Tablets after each meal. Two of these
excellent tablets taken after dinner will
digest several thousand grains of meat.
eggs or other animal food In three hours.
and no matter how weak the stomach
may be no trouble will b« experienced If
a regular practice is made of using Stu-
art's Dyspepsia Tablets, because they
supply the pepsin and diastase necessary
to perfect dlsrestion. and every form of In-
digestion ¦will be overcome by their use.
As compared with grains and vef etable*.
meat furnishes the most nutriment in a
highly concentrat«d form and Is digested
and is assimilated more quickly t hftrl veg-
etables and grains.
A healthy appetite and common sease
are excellent guides to follow In matters
of diet, and a mixed diet of grains, fruits
and meats is undoubtedly the best.
Oar forefathers had other thing? to do
than formulate theories about ths food
they ate. A warm welcome was extended
to any kind, from bacon to acorns.
Restaurants may b« rtmsd In the .larger
cities where no meat, pastry or eofze« is
served and the food crank Is In Ms glory,
and argument* and theories galore ad-
vanced to prove that meet wu never la-
; tended for human, stomachs, an£ almost
make cs believe that our sturfiy ancestors
who lived four-score years la robust
health on roast beef, pork and mutton
Imnit ha-re been groesty Ignorant of the
I laws of health.
We hear orach nowadays atxnxt health
foods and hygienic llvtai. about vegeta-
rianism and many other Cada alone the
same line.
Also a Few Facts on th« Sara*
There are more muscles in the tall cf
A cat than in a human hajid. - ¦
DR. MEYERS & CO,
£Pfc£t * Established
nfevi j£O&L. M° st Extensive .
SjM||jjJ Consultation
Market St.,
lV/5»" ' flJI Francisco.
E3 W&iiiS A fca S3 f^ %rS
3 bD Ib dib si cdi aTe-S
Ea~B h m PI*! Is eH qI^m
AT>v nitiixKn ""!'¦"Take Your Own Pictures.
We have cameras from 80 cents up to $13
Superintendent A. J. Martin of Branch
County Jail No. 2 has addressed a com
munication to the Governor In which h«
asks that pardons be Issued to four pris
oners who rendered heroic xervlce In ex
tinguishing a fire which broke out in
Branch Jail No. 3 on September IS. The:r
names and the times of expiration of sen
tence are: Thomas O'Brien. November
14. 1900; George Duncan. October lfi 1D0C-
Solly Sutton. May 22. 1901. and Edward
Sheehan. October 3. 1900. They are serv
ing sentences on charjres of misdemeanor.
Prisoners May Be Pardoned.
Gustave Schnee of the SOnnyslde Dis
trict-Improvement Club petitioned for six
electric lights !n that district, which the
San Francisco Gas and Electric Company
refused to Install unless the city paid the
expense. Supervisor McCarthy and Gas
Inspector Tupper were directed to en
deavor to prevail upon the company to
install the lights. In case of refusal its
demands for public lighting may be hela
up, according to the committee's opinion.
The resolution directing the auditor and
Treasurer to audit and pay the telephone
bills was rescinded and a new resolution
¦was recommended simply, approving 1 the
demands. If the'Auditor follows the char
ter he will refuse to audit them on the
ground that the telephone company is in
debted to the.c'ty for back license taxes.
The committee will begin weekly Inves
tigations next Thursday night of tne plant
of the Spring Valley water Company,
with a view to Hubmitting the schedule ot
rates to be charged for water next Febru
ary. The board will be, requested to ap
point a stenographer for the purpose, and
the representatives of the company will be
invited to Rive testimony as to the value
of their landa'and water rights.
The Supervisors' Committee on Public
Utilities decided last night to recommend
the final passage of the ordinances grant-
Ins- the Market Street Railway Company
a franchise to use electric power and erect
overhead wires for the operation of Its
roads on First and Fifth streets. The or
dinances were passed to print at the last
meetltifr of.the board, and the protest of
the Richmond District Improvement Club
was denied by the committee. J. T. Burke,
the company's attorney, stated that It was
intended to connect the First street line
with the Mail dock, and also to apply for
a new franchise for the Broderick street
roafl. Burke will report next week on the
Intention of the company with regard to
the repavins of streets on Which were left
abandoned tracks, to conform to the rest
of the pavement.
TWO FRANCHISES
FINALLY GRANTED
Electric-Lines May Be Oper
ated On First and Fifth
Streets.
auction for 2W sovorc.isrnp. was won by
Lord Ellsmere's brown colt Encombe.
The Welter handicap of 5 sovereigns
each for starters, with 100 sovereigns
added, for three-year-olds and up, seven
furlonps. whs won by Blacksand,- Rigby
having the mount.
PITTSBUEO LOSING GROUND.
Cincinnati by Good Playing 1 in the
Fourth Wins the Game.
riub?— \V. I,. IVt. Clubs— V.\ L. Pet.
nrooklyn ...75 51 ..-.3B Chloago 00 ri7 .4r>8
fittsburg ...73 o.-» .5fi7 St. Lo-ils 37 f-^ *T-,-i
Phll.iiPlphi.i K7 f.) .s.'R Cirn-innatl ..'xl 71 .•»*!
Boston 64 62 .508 New York ..54 H .425
NEW YORK, Sept. 27.— The New Yorks won
from the Phllll-s by eontl batting in the fourth
inning. Attendance 800. Score:
Clubs- R. H. E.
Philadelphia 4 5 1
NVw York „ 6 11 ' .' 7
PrTTSBURO. Sept. 27.— Cincinnati bunched
their hits In the fourth Innlntc. Plttsbur*
base?. Attendance 3500. Score:
Clubs— r. h. e.
Pittsburgr 1.2
Cincinnati 4 7 1
Batteries— AVaddell and Zimmer: Xewton and
Kahoe. I'mnlre— Emslle.
RatterleF — Dunn. DouffrlAPft nnd McT^arland;
HavrU-y and GratJy. Umpire— Snyder.
HROOKL.TX. Ser>t. 27,-McGlnnlty was in
vincible to-day. Attendance, 2100. Score:
«"*lubs— R. H. E.
Roston ; 2.6 2
Brooklyn 4 " 9 l
Batteries— Willis and Clarke; McOlnnity and
Farrell. Umpire— Hurst.
BICYCLE PARADE AT BENICIA.
Town Illuminated in Honor of So
lano County Teachers.
BENICIA. Sept. 27.— The teachers at
tendlnp the Solano County . Institute,
which has been In 3csslon in this city dur
ing the week, were entertained this even
ing wlih an illuminated bicycle parade, In
which wheelmen from all parts of Solano
County took part. The line of march was
beautifully lighted, and a display of fire
works added to the beauty of the scene.
Two full brass bands were in the line of
march At the conclusion of the parade
a ball and reception were tendered the
teachers in the City. Hall. . To-morrow
morning- the institute will come to a close
and the remainder of the day the teachers
will spend Jn visiting Benlcia's many man
ufactories.
SAYS SHE MARRIED TO
SAVE HERSELF INJURY
Annie E. Simmons Charges Husband
With Forcing Her to Become
His 'Wife.
After delaying four years Annie E. Sim
mons filed suit yesterday for a decree an
nulling her marriage to Warren J. Sim
mons, who Is believed to be In' Manila.
Mrs. Simmons alleges that In 1806 she. ac
companied Simmons on a visit to Oak
land. She was but 16 years of ape at the
time, and she allei?r-<= Simmons threatened
her with great bodily harm unless she
consented to marry him. Fearing that he
would carry out hi«= threat, she signed an
affidavit statlnp that she was of IprbI aprc
to marry, and on this a license was pro
cured. They were married, but only lived
toother one day. when she managed to
escape and returned to her mother's
home.
In addition to thf charge that she was
forced to marry. Mrs. Simmons ajlepes
that her husband has a wife by a former
marriage who is still living and from
whom he has never been divorced.
In addition to a decree annuIHnj? her
mnrrin», Mrs. Simmons asks for the cus
tody of her child. N
CIVII/ SERVICE ELIGIBLE
IS CLEAEED OF CHARGES
Commission Decides Against Com
plaint of Louis Jacobs — List of
Pavers and Hammers.
Edward C. Cordell. one of the success-
ful contestants in the recent civil service
examination for Sheriff's bookkeeper>,
was cleared of the charge made by Louis
Jacobs that he had filed a wrong affidavit
fn his identification papers. In a trial held
before the commission yesterday after
noon. Jacobs alleged that Cordell had
sworn that he wps employed as a book*
keeper for two years by the California
Wire Works, and produced an affidavit
from the manaser of the concern that
Cordell had not been so- employed. Cor
dell, who was represented by his attor
ney, proved that he had performed the
work of a bookkeeper In the barbed wiro
department of the company, and this was
held as sufficient by the commission.
Cordell stands second on the eligible list
and claims that Jacobs desired to have
him removed therefrom because he .ja.
cobs) Is sixth, and may not be selected
for a. position. There are six ellgribles,
and of thopp T. E. Atkinson, Miss Daisy
Laupr and Jarohs are now employed In
the Sheriff's office.
The commislson announced the fol
lowlnp list of successful applicants for
pavers and rammers:
Pavers— Patrick Cummlng*, Florence P. Bar
net t. John Hayes. Patrick J. Oolden, John Gll
chrlft. Michael Lyons. Patrick J. McOovern,
Thomas O'Rourke, Edward Lyons. Thomas Me-
CJrath. Pnlrlck Coyne, Michael Murphy, Henry
Heaton. Patrick Sullivan, William Cronln.
Hugh Kelly. Andrew McKeaney. Michael Mo
ran. Michael Glynn. Daniel Dullea. Richard
MoCllvery, James McGlnley. John Masee,
Thomas Newton, James Lynch. Thomas Hop
kins, Peter Sullivan, Herman H. Zobrist, Isaac
Kortelsky. Robert Kelly. Timothy Loni?. Pa
trick Connolly. Peter Lydon, Patrick Moyna
ban. John Joseoh CofTey, John Coughlln, Pat
rick Lydon.
Hammer*— Timothy' Kelleher, Martin Heney,
Thomas J. Ryan, William Enriftht, John Mar
tell. David Byrnes. Albert J. DowllnR, Bart
lett Flaherty, nichard Doyle, Thomas Burke,
John P. Cavananh. Patrick Sullivan, Patrick
OeraKhty. Edward Dooley, \VHliam Barry.
Thomas Wallace, Patrick J. O'Shea. John
Harrisran. Bernard J. Moran. Colman Meairher,
JoFenh Klnar, Charles W. GUlon, John. Burns,
Joseph O'Brien. Arthur McCann, John Lynch,
Ambrose Sharkey, Michael W. McL&ughlln,
Jarr.es Phelan, John F. O'Rourke. John R.
Harry. Michael Kllllon. Xeal McGHllway, Wil
liam D. Murray. Phllln. Murphy.
CLOSE CALL FOR
JOCKEY COLLIS
Alturas Fell at the First
Turn, but His Rider
Was Unhurt
Favorites Out of Luck at Oakland.
Catinka Won the Road Racs.
Juan Chico Gets a
Purse.
When Alturas. the fcorvl thins for the
f.iurih event at Oakland traek yesterday.
Cell at the fir?t turn and the rest of the
fi«ld arpar^nUy walked all over* tho rider,
CoHIs, everybody naturally felt porry for
Ihe bapleSB jockey'.i parents and relatives.
mtea his lirr.p form wa.« carried <>JT the
Jr^<k there waf some talk of starting a
h::rial fund. Later Collis came to. had
Trie kii'ks 'roved out of h!s pr-i»al foliimn,
allowed* a veterinary to reacijus?! his
nether limbs, end v.i;h the exception <»f a
Htjvem htadathe. a bloody nose, a slight
CQncnFSlon Of the brain, mo or ihre<» loose
ribs av'1 .1 soiled get <>t colors he had no
cause f"r complaint. This wai the only
exciting feature ot Lhe fifth. Jay's racing
.r :ho GoIdeO Gate Fair Association, un
i«ss :i w.is the defeat of threw of th.<- f.ur
favorites la ;be rur.uing e%-ents.
Harry Patrick and Catinka were a h:ird
pair to bf-at for the gentleman roiui race.
'I hr mare tri< <1 to k:ck Harry out of the
bike (rhlle icortng for the first heat, and
<jig Bcramble things up eery tadiy. nei.-es
!-i:atii:j; qutt« a detiy. I-aier. \vit;i n K'.ck
:;:f: strap >>n. tin- annr.al cooled down.
uinnirs n. s'raignt neats. Mattio B. ihe
favorite, could only take fouith money.
Th.- l':i:« trot prc\e<1 a g-:fi for juaii
<'hi(o. ovit whlcr; Meliman held the rib
bofis. Hack finished second in thv two
;.:•¦.* necessary *to <iecide. The winner
i ;:!i <1 a rromiii nce<1 choice in whai little
Lm tt:nK was indulged in.
For the Urn running number Trevatnan.
El rv< n money, defeated a trashy lot and
left the maiden riass. Fernet, a 3u to 1
•¦!i"t. took the place- from Urchin. .
Tiien f-jlk>\ve<l the mile and m.
run. I'rr which El ilido, with •"Wizard"
Bhieldj hi the cab, had first call at 11 to
20. The Dobie Ai Co. fntry palloped into
11 •• Ftrctch Qrpt and ihen sra.dually Jlut
teced .".it. Whin tfunello. afier a rickety
ride, looked i" i>e sinning Mounce madt
;i parachute drop with Edeardo, teatmg
i: «¦ :!;i. . -» > .ii -< i<i n.-nny a leUfftU. \t the
Jir.-M t:;rn A'it<'r.i5. !>acJco<-: frcm threes Lo
31 t<-. E, fc'l Mrhlle t'oili« w?s endenvor'r.f
to place the peldirg.
fCo»1a wn? an odcF-rn favorite fcr «he
r:;h «t.»:toh ai'd rr.n unplaced. Tho smart
money » -nt In on Tiburon, which h.*<l
been wjiriine well. *nd he won all th*
way. Xleadcw Lark ltd out Storm King
for ihe pi. we.
A t h :>•_•- he 4 d finish in the last number
s-aw Malay, -he 1 to 2 ohoic*-. smothered
ihe laM tiw yards. Snips, with Howpon
, lasted JtiM Ion? enoygb to win from
ihe ip.fi-corr.uis Vlncitor.
Fjrnt race— Gentle-men'e road race, heats. 3
in * :
Otinki^. ch. rn.. by AbbottfonS (H.
i 'a tr:< k > 1 i i
Harvey II, b. m.. by Son of Anteo <H.
Milier* 2 2 «
Chris Peter>on. b. t.. by Deputy (D.
Uizneti 4 3 2
Itattie H. br. m.. by Alex Button <W.
Van Kerwln> 3 4 3
Time— 1:23*.. 2::5V l:24'i.
Becond r»--e— Trotting. 2:19 clav. heats, 2 In
5, i;iirse •$>«':
Joan chl^o. rh. g.. hy Bay Rum (Hell
n-.an) j j
Hank. b. jr.. hy VaMn (Clp-e> ; 2
Tom Pmitn. b. jr.. by MoKinney (J. L.
Prr.itht 4 3
Mary L. h. rn . by Maine Hero <Lane)...!.. 3 4
Vf-niinme. b. <-.. by Iran Alto « Punch) 5 S
Time— 2:^»-. 2:24V
Mrd ra-e— t^ix furlongs, for maiden*. r>urs»
Alame'la BtaHe'i h. g. Trpvathan. 11J. by
BasaetlAv-Ueroadea <Ruiz». even l
IVrnr-t. 113. b. f.. by Rio Bravo- Uillito 1 Arm-
(trout). 3 r i to 1 2
-<-h!n. 113. b. c. by KlrRston-Mary M
'Mounce). 6 to l 3
T!rre-3 :1CU.
R«t«T T.«r.z!e MS. Amador 102. Formo 113. Ill
ram JihrisAn Tin. Gold Finder IIS. Ateloy 103
A-'<r ]03 and Tnwwr jn? also ran.
Fourth race— Mile and a sixteenth, selling
rytTM jivj:
J:!rr,wr,r,1 Fartn> br. p. Hdirardo. X. by Tl
iror-I.uoia dl Lammermoor <Mounce). fi to 1 1
Funello. i«7. b. it.. by Moreno-Sunlit <J.
Wa'ifrh), 4 to 1 j
El Ifido. 110. b. *.. by Fir Modred-EtViei Th! ..
Shield*), n to 2f> 3
Time— 1:4*1^.
Alturas U* Strom-. J-«i. Limber Jim 104 ani
Fpike <•< also ran.
Fifth race-Futurity course, selling, purse
1 250;
P. F. Smith's h. r. Tlburon. 112. by Friar
Turk-I.'i'.j R <!=tuart>. 8 to S I
Mead->»- Lurk. 112, hr. g.. by nrutus-Xabette
• Mounoe). 6 to ] »
Piorrn Klnjr. 115. Mk. h.. by UThistie Jarketl "
(Shlf-]dii> ! tn 1 •
Time— l:ll»i.
d*ry>'> 104. N'ovla 112 and Harry Gwvnne IIS
»i«o ran.
Pixth race— Mile and a furlor.e-, purse $».i0-
J. 9. Gibson 1 * b. vn. Snips. 101. by Fellow
<¦ ha r:n -Czarina iHowrini 4 to 1 i
Vlnritor. 107. K h.. hy Brntus-MolUe h!
iUouk*). r. to 2 2
tlaUy, 104, br. jr.. by Pirate of PfnzinVe-
Mi?s Thomas <J. Walsh>. 1 to 2 i 3
Time— 1:4£S..
•Jrand Par-h~m 1^4. r'ir. K 1<~,^ A n c!a int an^
S"n« Sur-h ;f>4 ri'o ran.
Track Notes.
TVe h(p; «tock parade ?t the trark dur
th" fr-rrr.orir hours was witnessed by
oiMie a crowd of p«ople. Among the «>x
l iis which railed for especial attention
nere thr- fine Holster, herds frn m La
Si^?ia Mock farm, n splendid hord of Dur
batns owned by nnhr-rt Ashburncr and a
finr- bur.oh of Rolsteitui and Durhaznsen
u rod for coicpeatlon by the c-state of H
_V««nf ° PO ri5r ""W8on. who piloted
Bnfps is n rrild MrotKler in bia w,-iv and
rnay In time rveoorn*- a famous ridof He
ha? Rppe&rei: in public with the rolor* on
hut twice On Tuesday he landed FVb
ruary in frmrt and resterdmy was asn!i
F-illouinsr arp to-day's entries:
Finrt rsrp-Gertieman mad rare; heats 3 In S;
Tom Thumb , Alfr-H H
l^.raleer I. ady p-j^™,,,,
'**&&!%!!£: fUrI ° n8!(: thr -^-o.ds
l3SGQStO Iftfi 12<?4 T^eticer KM
1O]« Billy Moore. ...103 12C4 bus^fe F«y '"3
12«3 Fernet jfj 1244 Orw Boh ,1
.¦rT.^rd^nTrS-" furlonK8: three-year-old, and
3?a ?t. Anthony.. .. V)3\ 12T2 Paramlnt 115
IKI Mike Rice 1W 126« F f-r Freedom " V)\
Fourth nm-fin and a half furlonirs' for
two-vex r-r.ldf; purse: '
1£9 Art'.culate 11JI is« Madce Simpson S5
•2SS AlZ'ira 102 1246 Phi! Archibald us
tt» Pirkinw K 1249 rariliir .. . UO
1225 T'nderfrrowth .. K>
Fifth rar*— One mile; three-year-old« and ur>
¦ward; s>e!l!nj::
l^er. Merry Boy 103 ir* I>»na in?
12<:i Jennie Rrid....lO7 1170 Grand Karhem' <M
I2S Flufh of Gold.. 95 12f,« El 3iido !iO3
Sixth race-Pix furlong*: three-year-olds and
ijpw»r<5: Felline:
12fiO Frurk Woois.. 104 | 12T.3 Almoner . 110
12C1 Pilot K<4 1265 Caudate 103
llftO Alaria 107 ! 1IC3 Biiar Hill io»
Tyrrell Club Org-anized.
The John G. Tyrrell Republican Club of
the Thirty-first Aeseml iy District was or
ganized liu«t night at Teutonia Hall. 1229
Howard street. The following named offi
cers were elected: President. Edward L.
Nolan; first vice president, T. J. Sullivan;
peoor.d vice president, Fred A. Smith;
third vice president, John Dean; secre
tary. H. J. McMahon. treasurer. D. Mo
lander; sergeant at arms, G. Ward.
The following committee, consisting of
one member from each precinct, was ap
pointed to promote Mr. Tyrrell's fight:
First precinct. L.. Chester: second. Thorna*
Smith: third. Edward Thompson, fourth.
I. Wollard Jr.; fifth, D. Flynn; sixth. Ed
Pooln; seventh. G. Ward; eighth. Janie*
Nolan: ninth. W. B. Koesel; tenth. Fred
Smith: eleventh. Charles Tlghe; twelfth.
P. J. McKlroy; thirteenth, D. T. Brosnan:
fourteenth. James O'P.Hen; fifteenth, T.
Roberts; sixteenth, Joseph McCann.
Charged With Forgery.
O. Weinhold. saloon-keeper at Lombard
and L,yon streets, swore to a complaint
In Judge Conlan's court yesterday for the
arrest of Charles H. McBride, a sergeant
at the Presidio, on a charge of forgery.
McBride, is accused of passing a forged
check for $50 bearine the signature of
H. P. "Wilson and drawn on the Wells-
Fargo Bank, on September 21.
Michael the Winner.
SriUNGFIELD. Mass.. Bppt. 27.—Twen
ty-five hundred people saw Jimmy Mi
chael defeat Bobby Walthour In a motor
paced race at the Coliseum to-night. At
the finff=h Michael was over four laps
ahead of Walthour and was never pushed.
Time for twenty miles: Michael, 33:02;
Walthour. 24:17.
Home for Old Friends.'
The Society of Old Friends held a meat-
Ing on Wednesday night and appointed a
committee to inspect fifteen acres of land
in Sonoma County donated by Dr. C. C.
O'Donnell for a home for "Old Friends."
The society will give a clambake at
Buena Vista Park, Sausallto, on Sunday,
the 2Sth prox.
1 he Original Little Beneflcencta Publicn
Co. cf San Francisco. Numbers
tor September 27. IGOO.
No. D4931 wine 13750. nold In San F*rand8eo;
No. M"t> win* 11350. Bold In San Francisco; No.
C*.R3S wlrui $tS26. sold In Ban Francisco; Noi.
5urs. ysi\ &243T.. raiSS, 77222 each . win »62 M.
t>old in him FrancUco. •
Parenti and Thompson Held.
William D. Thompson, a teamster, was
held to answer before the Superior Court
by Judge Conlan yesterday on three
charges of grand larceny for steaJin?
bolts of cloth from the Southern Pacific
Company which he sold to Louis Parenti
a tailor at 408 Francisco street. Parenti
was held on two charges of receiving
stolen property. ...
Bakers Want a Day of Best.
The Journeymen Bakers of this city
have issued a circular to the craft asking
for its support of their action In demand-
Ins one day of rest during: the week. Th«
bakers will hold a mass meetlnff on Sun
day next to. discuss matters of interest to
the movement.
LONDON. Sept. 27.— At the Newmar
ket first October meetfnp to-day
the Jockey Club stak"5. of 10.000
sovereigns for three and four year
olds, one mile and 240 yards, was
won by J. R. Keeno's bay colt Disgrulpe II.
ridden by M. Cannon. Lord William
Reresford's bay gcldlnp Jolly Tar, with J.
Reiff in the saddle, came In Feeond. and R.
A. Price's colt Forfarshire. ridden by Roy
Hampton, was third. Eight horses ran.
Tho result was a great upset for the bet
tors. r=s the Princp of Wales' three-year
old colt Diamond Jubilee (the winner of
the Derby, Eclipse and St. Leper stakes
ar.d other important events) was confl-
- Results at Buffalo.
«
H
f
P
n
s
BT'FFALO, Sept. 27.— Results:
PIt and a half furlongs— Minnie won. Quaver
«cor.d. Free Hand third. Time. 1:21.
Five furlongs, selling— The Jade won, Lyror
H»>!le s<?mn«l, A\rn third. Time. 1:01.
One mil* — Onortas won. Mc-fJrathiana Prince
second, Chopin third. Time, 1:41%.
Five furlong*— Dossie won, Custodian Fecond,
PrinrpFit Mai third. Time. 1:03.
Fiv» furlnrurs — Competitor won. Guess* Work
nwcnd. Hayseed third. Time. 1:02%.
Six furl^nes— Cad Haz»l won. Com* Quick
second, silver Garter third. Time, 1:14%.
NEW YORK. Sept. 27.-A light card did
not attract any but regulars to the Grave
send trsfk to-day. The Ocean View hand
icap was the only fixture of the day, be
inp wop. by Killashandra, the favorite.
Results:
AVut six furlonpp— Modrlne won. Meehanus
seoond. t'nmajked third. Time. 1:10 2-5.
Mile and a sixteenth, selling— Serrano won,
Comrenfation second, The Alslke third. T.me,
l:4».
Five furlongs— Cherries won. Luck Beyond,
Candle third. Time. 1:02.
Ocean View handicap, mile and a sixteenth —
Ki!lashan<ira w;n. Gonfalon second, Greenock
third. Time, 1:48. ,
Ahrut six furlone? — Telamon won, The
Rhyn-.er second, Dr. Itarlow third. Time,
1:12 4-5.
Mile and seventy ya»ds— Relfrrarle won, Rad
fcrd second, Westban third. Time, 1:12 3-5.
Killashandra Wins.
Sevr-n furlones— Headwater won. Highland
Lad seror.d. Bill Oarrrtt third. Time. 1:28.
Fix furlone?— Bower won. Barbara M second
William Ack third. Time. 1:15%.
One m'.l°— Hrar.rh won. Onmoosey second,
Star Ciiamber third. Tim". 1:41V-
Mile and a Fixtr-?r.t>. .celling — Trebor w6n.
Sum McKcevor Mocn4L Kwnig third. Time.
Mile an<1 an eichth— Hay Pointer won, Our
Nellie Keoond, Pay the Fiddler third. Time,
CHICAGO. Sent. IT.-Tho betting rinp
was the PCfne rtf an immense killing this
afternoon, and the goo<l thlngr was Turney
Eros.* colt Bowrn.
Rarbara M was thought to be the best
and was made the r.peninpr favorite, rnit
th** wise ones went to Bowen, and wlic-n
the off-bell rang Bowen was favorite at 9
to 3. He won handily. It is estimated
that the ring: was hit for $30,000 on the
race. Weather clear; track fast. Results:
Five and a half fur'.nnifF— Ronnie i/ssak won,
Harry Herer.rleen peennd, Tenny Belle third.
Time. 1:0^.
at Heavy Odds.
Turney Brothers* CoJt Bo-wen Wins
BIG KILLING AT CHICAGO.
Open »take. eichty entries^ — T. Tlerney's Tea,
Rose. vs. Schalter Bros.' Thunderbolt: Russell.
Allen and Wilson's Rose Claire vs. J. Demi»
sey's Jlngrle Bells; J. Murnane's Wild Wave vs.
Conr.ell Bros. 1 St. Helen; J. Byrne's Master
Bly vs. W. J. Browning's Mountain Bell:
SohafTer Bros.' Fair Glen vs. I". Burke's Night
Time; Captain Cane's Ml?s Penman vs. P. M.
Clarkson's Golden Garter; J. R. Smith's Pe
tronlus 'vs. \V. Calm's Imperial; Kelly &
Handy's Baby Kins vs. J. R. Smiths Victor
Oueen; R. B. Moorhea.i's PUpper-i vs. J. H.
Peri*o*s Lad".* Davenport: J. Dean's Slsw^uoe
vs. F. Jones' Lovlna; F. Nevln's Xel'.le N vs.
E. M. Ke.llogs's Iowa Maid: C: Grnu's Martha
Washington vs. Flower's Keystone; Lowe &
Thompson's Mountain Chief vs. G. II. Shar
man's Bona Fide: Kerrigan & Schendel's Kear
sr-r-e vs. O'Shea Bros.' Youn« Amerira; C.
Bonner's Wild Norah vs. Lowe A Thompson"*
Flora McDonald: W. M. Healy's Limber Twlr
vs. J. H. Monahan's Tired Out: Kerrigan <t
Schendel's Wlnslow vs. W. C. Badger's Alame
da Lad: J. Dean's Oallant vs. J. P. Thrijj'a
Tyrone Prince; A. Ruker's Kanaka vs. P. J.
Rpllly's MoonnrlRht: A. Johnson's LowlamW
v». Landn & Oerher's Mount Ma; Russell. Ai
len & Wilson's Belle Claire vs. I,r>we & Thomp
son's Little Fullerton; J. V. Thrift's Forget
vs. E. D. Fallons Lily of the West; J. P.
Thrift's St. Michael vs. Lowe & Thompson'*
St. Orln; W. M. Healy's Lady Like va Russel!.
Allen * Wilson's Castaway: t>. Fallen's Hall
Room Belle vs. K. M. KelloufC's Lady Ollmore:
W. C. Glasson's Santonin vs. Kay Hros." Cross
patch; George Parkinson's Ben I>>monil vs. p.
Jackson'a Golden Russett; D. Shannon's Safe
Guard v«. J. O'Dowd'u Shootover: T. Logan' <t
Honor Brlsrht vs. J. R. Smith's SylvanuJi; T.
Ford's Bonita vs. E. M. Kellog's Iowa Boy;
P. M. Clarkson'* Headwater vs. J. R. Smith's
Password; Kay Bros.' Schilling's Rest vs. n.
E. Wiley's High Born Lady: P. J. Rellly's Th«
Grafter vs. J. Holden's Scottish Chief: J. Lln
nehan's Racine vs. P. J. Rellly's Early Dawn.
Russell. Allen & Wilson's Welding Pells va.
Rus-sell. Allen & Wilson's First Foot: E. M.
Kellors's Ren's Babe vs. P. wCronin's Lear
King; F. Moran's Gold Dollar vs. D. Toland'a
Pleasant Girl: O. Sharman's Miss Skyrocket
v». Captain Ca'ne's Master Davenr>ort; Lands
A Gerb«r'« Concord vs. Russell. Allen & Wil
son't Seafcreexe; P. O'Connell'a Satan va.
O'Shea Bros.' Golden Rule.
The Inffleside Courslnff Association heM
the draw last nlRht for the Saturday and
Sunday coursins at San Mateo Park, an
open stake of eighty dogs. The result fol
lows:
ling of High Class and Medi
ocre Dogs.
EIGHTY HOUNDS WILX
COUESE AT SAN MATEO
Draw of Open Stake Contains Ming-
Fourth round— St. Helen beat Modesty. U-J;
Controller beat Thunderbolt. 10-2: Sweet Fav.ir
dale beat Wild Wave. 8-«; Silver Cloud, a by*>.
Fifth round— Controller, a bye: Silver Cloud
beat Sweet Faverdale. 12-7.
Deciding course— Controller beat Silver Cloud.
14-12.
Third round— St. Helen beat Rona Fide. 7-*:
Modesty beat Gallant. 11-7: Controller beat
Concord. 8-3: Thunderbolt beat Slelsh l;el!<i.
9-4; Sweet Faverdale. a bye; Wild Wave beat
The Exile. 3-1: Silver Cloud beat Trd Slnan. 4-<>.
Second round— Rona Fide heat Wine West.
7-8: St. Helen beat Alameda Lad. 5-1: Gallant
beat Mountain Bell. <-;; Moiesty beat Uar
KlnfC. 7-4; Controller beat Delia M. «-l: Con-
Cord beat Fair Glen. 5-2: Thunderbolt heat
Pt. Oran. 5-0; Sleigh P.ells beat Satan. «-i»;
Ruby Rocket beat Fmsty Morn. S-rt: Sw^ft
Faverdale beat Cora Fearf. 6-1; Wild Wave
beat Craig Boy. 7-2: The Exile beat White
Lily. 7-1; Silver Cloud beat Red Glen. 7-1:
Tod Slcan beat Evershore. 5-1.
Midweek stale*, first round— J. Kennedy's
Wine \\>st beat T. Welch's Little Lory. 13-9:
Cieorge Sharman's Bona Kiil*> beat P. M. Clarlc
son's Flower of Gold. i;..-, ; w. C. na.igpr's A!;i
merta Lad t>*at Ooree B<Mihn'« MonoKnrn, *>-2:
Connell Brothers' St. Helen beat J. o'Dowd'*
Shootover. 8-3: James r>pan> Oallant heat VV.
Healey's Lady Like. lf>-<>-. \V. J. Browning' *
Mountain Belle beat D. Shannon's Soltrl Silver,
11-1; T. Cooney'n Modesty beat Cnnnell Broth
ers' White. Hat. !>-J; F. L. Nichols' I^ear Kins?
heat Condrey & Roufcht's NlKhttnarale. 13-7: J.
Noyes, 8-0; F. Mack's Delia M beat J. H. Teri
ge's Pennejcrant. 13-6: Lanrip & Orber'* Con
cord beat M. I»ndon'si Magneto. S-S; Pehaffer
Brothers' Fair Olen beat J. E. Monahan's Tlre.l
Out. 10-«: SchafTer Brothers' Thunderbolt beat
T>. Shannon's Safeguard, 7-«; Lowe & Thomp
ccn's St. Oran beat J. H. Perlsro's Querita Vin
cent. 16-6: W. C. Olasson'a Sleigh Bells beat
J. Collins' Richmond Queen. S-0: D. CCVinnell's
Satan beat Connell Rrothers' Master Kooker.
10-3; J. McNicholl's Frosty Morn beat J. Hur
ley's Bluest. 8-4: H. , A. Deckelman's Ruby
Rocket beat E. Reddy's Springtime. 10-6; Lowe
& Thompson's Cora Pearl beat \V. Crimes'
Gladys "Weller. S-0: F\ Cooney's Sweet Fav»r
dale beat A. Johnson's Mountain Beauty. ~-2:
W. J. Murnane's Wild Wave beat Sullivan <fc
Tralnor's Maid of the Hill. 4-0; P. McCahe'a
Cralsr Boy beat J. Hurley's Shylock Boy. 10-0:
M. Schepper's The Exile beat Condrey &
RcubM's Flyln«f Daisy. 11-7: J. M--CorTnirk'*
White Lily beat J. Cone's California. 12-*: C.
O. Peterson's Silver Cloud beat M. Appleby'9
K G W. 13-1: J. Cone's Red Glenn heat Lowe
& Thompson's Pink of Fashion. 17-11: J. Ken
nedy's Ever Shore beat J. McCormack's Prou.l
Beauty, 13-9: A. Johnson's Tod Sloan beat J.
L. Rows' J L R. 12-S.
Connell Brothers' White Hat. though
beaten In the run-down, gives promise of
showing pood work.
The day's results, with Judge Andrew
Dean's official scores follow:
During the day a hound which was be
ing exercised on the hill ba<-k of t!v3
grounds broke f.way from Its trainer an 1
jumped the fence into the Inclo3ure wher^
hares are kept. He was busy for a whi ft
chasing the jacks, but failed to score a
kill. The dog"s trainer vaulted after hi*
bound, but was met by Tommy Tit^rney.
who made a strong effort to throw the in
truder out. The man proved to be an ath
lete and resented Tlerney's assault. Tom
my was surprised, and after stopping a
few riRht-handers with hia face let th i
man and his dog escape.
DeckHman's Ruby Rocket ran In gor.l
form until she met Sweet Faverdale. A
hard go in the previous round told on hrr
and she left the slips in bad condltior.
The race was piven to Faverdale and bet.s
were declared off.
St. Helen dM good wnrk In the stak •
and reached tht fifth round. Fhe beat
Modesty in a course that went over the
limit, but the work overtaxed her and shs;
failed to come back, forfeiting to Con
troller.
Perigo's Controller did hard courslrs
throughout thf midweek stake at San
Mateo Park yi-sterday and landed first
money by beating Silver Cloud in the de
ciding course. The final was a severe one.
both dogs showirs the effect of their pre
vious heavy •work. From the a'.ips Con
troller took a slight lead and toeld it to>
the turn. Th^ hare, a strong one, gav«
the tired hounds a hard raoe at the upp«r
fence and then led them all around th
field. The relief dog was turned loose anil
scored a running pick up.
St. Helen G«ts Well Down in tha
Stake but Is Withdrawn on
Account of Severe
Work.
Beats Silver Clcud in the
Final at the San Mateo
Park.
CONTROLLER HAS
HARD COURSING
of Wales' crack, however, was unable to
give Disguise II twelve pounds' weight,
and although the Prince's colt led to the
bushes he was beaten by Disguise II. who
drew to the front and won by two lengths.
A neck separated the second and third
! horses. The betting was 100 to 30 against
Disguise II. 6 to X- against Jolly Tar. 100 to
7 against Forfarshire and 7 to 4 against
Diamond Jubilee.
A selling plate of 200 sovereigns, for
three-year-olds and upward, two miles,
two furlongs find thirty-five yards, was
won by Recruit, guided by Tod Sloan.--
I The Bubble triple plate of 200 sovereigns,
for two-year-olds, winner to be sold by
—v- dently expected to capture the last 10,000
1 sovereign race of the season. The Prince
CLEAN VICTORY
FOR DISGUISE II
Diamond Jubilee at Newmarket.
Walks Away From Prince of Wales
Six furlongs, selling— Four Leaf C won. John
Morton second. Miss Lynah third. Tlme.,1-17
Mile and seventy yards, selling— Early Bird
won, Tom Ollmore second, Rollins third. Time,
Seven furlongs,- selling— Jim W won, Alvln
W second, Zanetto third. Time, l:Z2\i.
Mile and three-sixteenths, selling— W. B.
Gates won. Rouge et Nolr second. Zazel third.
Time, 2:08. . .
Winners at St. Louis.
ST. LOUIS, Sept. 27.— Track heavy. Re
sults: f'J.4".'-.
Four and a half furlongs— Minion won. The
Thrush second, Sarner third; Time, :a6»i.
Seven furlongs, selling— Silent Friend won
J. ¦ H. Barnes second, Nance O'Neill third'
Time, 1:34<4. ,-vx^JtBBivHpmirmi 'mitofe;. ¦ , '
. Five furlonsrs — Amoroso won, Horsa second
The Covenanter third. Time, 1:02. . ¦¦ '
Seven furlontjs. selling— Miss Soak won, Lord
Frailer second, Old Alike third. Time. 1O9
Five and a half furlongs, selling— Sister Alice
won. Loyal Prince second. Ben Bramble third
Time, 1:09. - ¦
Mile and a sixteenth— St. Sulsplce won. Save
second, Slasher third. Time, 1149.
Mile and an eighth, -gelling— Flag of Truce
won. Virgie O second. Beau Ideal third. Time,
1:54%. •
DETROIT, Sept. 27.— Results at 'Wind-
Six and a half furlongs— Charley Estes won
Ben Battle recond. Lake Kent third. Time!
Races at "Windsor.
TERRE HAUTE, Ihd., Sept. 27.-R.ain
spoiled the racing here to-day. One more
heat. the k third of the 2:20 class trotting
event for the Wabash purse of $5000, and
the first heat of the 2:25 class pace, purse
$1500. were all that could be . finished: 1
Annie Burns, who took the first two heats
of the 2:20 trot, broke just beyond the
wire and narrowly escaped being dis
tanced, Contralto winning the heat han
dily.
Vesper took the one heat finished in the
2:25 class pace. Time, 2:12»4.
To-morrow's card, besides the regular
events. Includes the following specials-
The Abbott to beat the world's trotting
record to wagon, held by himself, 2'04
driven by Geers; Free Bond to beat the
amateur pacing world's record to wagon
held by Coney at 2:03%, driven by Bill
ings: poney to beat his own world's rec
ord to wagon: Lucile, driven by Mr. Bill
ings, to beat her record of 2:03»4 trotting
to wagon.
Rain Spoils Racing.
2:10 class, trotting, purse $1000 (unfinished)—
Consuola won the first heat in 2.13>;. Winaka
Kalevala. nilly King and Hurry alao started.
Time— 2:07U. 2:07Vi. 2:0714. 2:07H. 2:08%.
2:14 class, pacing:. *100O— Ituna won the sec
ond, fourth and fifth heats In 2:10, 2:13^4 2-13',4
Fred AV won the first and third heats in 2:0$%'
2:10U. HHrdle Hoy. Wllkes Patchen. Bivouac,
Alvln R, Special Roy and Victor also started.
2:12 class, pm-lng. purse $1000 (unflnlBhed)—
The- Private won two straight heats In, 2:10Vi.
2:12V4. Hark "Wilkes, Pana and Dombey'Jr
also started.
Ihp fifth and last heat was a Pimple
affair. Creseeus led the waj' around in a
simple manner. The -feature was In the
last hundred yards, when Grattan Boy
brat Herr for the place.
Stallion championship, free-for-all; » pur6e
Jjn.ooo: trotting: " p
Cresceiis (2:O4U). ch. h.. by Robert
MaeOreRor-Mabel Mambrino How
ard (Ketoham) 3 2 .1 1 1
Charley Herr (2:09), b. h.. by Al
fred G-Bessle Huntlngton (Kel
ley) 1 i 2 2 3
Grattan Boy (2:0$), b. h. (Miller).. 4-3332
Arion <2:O7S4). b. h*. (Tiler) 2 6 5 5 6
1/ord Vincent (2M>i), h. h. (Splan).. 5.4 4 4 4
IJenton M (2:10), ch. h. (Marble).... 6*5 dls
Jupi> (2:0?H). h. h. (Ontcomb) 7 dla
The fourth heat opened with Creseeus
the. favorite once more. At the word
Creseeus, Charley Herr and Arlon went
by on even terms. Out went the first
named, pulling Herr after him, and tho
latter having a trille the better of It at
the quarter mile, while Grattan Boy had
displaced Arion aii third.- Charley Herr
continued to lead by half a length: Cre»
ceus could not shake Grattan Boy, while
Arlon was four lengths behind. It was
at the three-quarters that Herr's chance
of winning looked best, for with the
whole length to the good it did not ap
pear that he could lose. But with an ease
that carried the crowd off its feet 'Cres
eeus stepped out and In the stretch went
to the front by four lengths and Herr
tired, was whipped under the wire a sec
ond. Just out of Grattan Boy's way. The
others were well behind.
On the resumption of scoring the word
was given to a ragged start, as Grattan
Boy and Ix>rd Vincent held back, while
Crpsceus and Charley Herr had their
noses to the front. Grattan Boy, as the
favorite for second place, started a trifle
unsteady, then settled down, but not quick
enough to keep Arlon from takinK the pole
at the eighth, with Charley Herr at his
heels. Jupe was last and the others well
bunched. Around the llrst turn went the
horses and until the quarter it was not
possible to pick position. At that distance
Arion had an easy lead, Herr right behind
Grattan Boy. Creseeus and Benton M
making a fast bunch. At the half the
horses were about the same, all moving
steadily. On the next quarter the sroinp
was very fast, and at the three-quarters
Arlon barely led Charley Herr. All eyes
were on Creseeus, who seemed to be mak-
Ins Grattan Boy step out. and for an
elphth the speed was so srreat tBat both
horses almost^ciosed up the gap with the
leaders. Down the stretch they came, but
Charley Herr had gone by Arion-and by a
length was under the wire first. The light
was for placs. for Cresceus, breaking
away from Grattan Boy, tried to put his
nose ahead of Arion, but did not succeed.
The second heat was somewhat similar
to tho first, for it brought Charley Herr
again a winner. With the pole he imme
diately stepped lo the lead, The third
heat Charley Herr lost by, a nose. He
had the pole, but Creseeus got the best
of the start and Benton M the worst of
it, for the latter, never made up the dis
tance lost at the wire. Creseeus held the
lead to the eighth, was lighting hard to
keep Charley Herr behind him at tho
quartet, with Grattan Boy also to be
reckoned with, and lost the lead at the
half to Herr.
The day was perfect lor the race, and
the traek. while looking a little soft, was
evidently prlmo footinpr. The crowd must
have Rom* well over the 25.0()0 mark, the
people swarming over the grand staml at
$2 a seat and (ijling the bleachers at *1 n
head. The. grounds everywhere around
the stand* wen 1 "standing room only" for
thousands. The horses announced to start
were Orcsreus. owned by George Ketcham
of Toledo: Charley Herr. David Cahill.
Lexington. Kyi; Jupe. T. W. Lawsin. Bos
ton; \ Arion. Malcom Forbes, Boston;
Grattan I3oy. R. H. Plant. Maron Ga ;
Benton M. B. W. Marble, Wilkinsonville,
and Lord Vincent. Georpre P. Todd.
\oungstown, Ohio. Orattan Boy was
drawn for the pole, Ix>rd Vincent second
and the others In order. Charley Herr,
Creseeus, Arlon. Benton M and Jupe out
side. Six times they came down to the
wire, and then a short delay ensued.
BOSTON. Sept. 27.— Cr^sceus. tho kii\g
of stallions, added a jewel to his crown 10
day by winning in five hard-driven heats
the $20,000 race at the meeting, of the New
England Trottjr;fj Horse breeders' Asso
ciation on the Readsviilc track. So much
of the favorite was the son of Robert Mt-
Gresor before the trial began that the
pools were barred against him. It looked
for two heats iia if the great stake would
be wrested from the king by that wonder
ful little trotter Charley Herr. the winner
r.f the Massachusetts stake race *last
year. Cut game as was Charley Herr his
strength was not equal to the task, and
h!a star set in tho third heat, when Crcs
eeus beat him at tho w!r(\ Oncr> after
that. In the fourth heat, the Uexinpton
horse made a wonderful bid for the race,
leading to the threr-<|uarter.<j and then bo
ing beaten out In the strrtch by Crescpus,
who seemed to have marvelous speed just
when it meant so much to him.
Was Such a Heavy Favorite Before
the Trial Began That All Pools
Were Barred Against
" Him.
Takes the Stallion Cham
.. piomh'p in Five
Heats
CRESCEUS WINS
THE BIG PURSE
twenty-eight pounds)— Puppy, dogs— First, LI
Hung Chanp. Redwood Cocker Kennels. Nov
ice, does— Third. Oakside Viscount. J. C. Lan--
Kendtrfer. Limit, dogs — First, Hampton Goldle.
Plumeria Cocker Kennels; third. Oakside Vis
count, J. C. Laneenderfer. Open, dogs— First,
Colorado. RedwooJ Cocker Kennels. Puppy,
bitches — First. Empress Dowager, Redwood
Cocker Kennels. Open, bitches— First, La
Paloma, Redwood Cocker Kennels; second
Plumeria Fancy. Plumeria Cocker Kennels.
Winners, dogs— Colorado; reserve. Hampton
Golriit . Winners, bitches — La Paloma; reserve.
1'lumerla Fancy.
Collies, novice, d^gs— First, Ormsklrk, Emer
ald Jr.. O. J. Albee. Limit, dogs— First. Orms
klrk Emerald Jr.. o. J. Albee .Open, doga— First.
Ormskirk Emerald Jr., O. J. Albee. Novice,
bitchea— First. Ormskirk Queen. O. J. Albee.
Limit, bitches— First, Rose Roy. O. J. Albee.
Open, bitches— First. Verona Bonnie Braa, O.
J. Albee. Winners, dogs — Ormskirk Emerald
Jr. Winners, bitches— Verona Bonnie Brae;
reserve. Ormskirk yueen.
Bulldogs, open, dogs and bitches— First.
Harry Lacy. Leon S. Greenebaum; second.
Oold NusKft. Leon S. Greenebaum. Winners.
Jogs and bitches— Harry Lacy; reserve. Gold
Nugget.
Hull terriers, puppy, dogs— First. Jane's
Venom. Clinton E. Worden; second. Dloomsbury
Tip. Fay A Gle»sun Kennels; third. Woodbury
Piinre. Theodore F. I5onn?t. Limit, dngs
(thirty-five rounds and under)— First, Banjo.
J. D. Spreckels; second. Newmarket Marvel
H. Philii. C. Meyer. Limit, dogs (over thirty
five pounds)— First, Imported Hloomshur>
Haron, Albert Joseph; secomL Rudyard, Henry
J. Crocker; third. Teddy Roosevelt, Byron
Krkenbrecher: V. H. c. Woodcote Venom II,
S. < hristenson. Open, dogs (thirty-five pounds
or under)- First. Hanjo. J. D. Spreckels. Open.
dogs (over thirty-five pounds)— First. Imported
Bloomsbury L'aron, Albert Josephs; second.
Teddy Roosevelt. Hymn Erkenbreeher; V. H.
C. Woodcote Venom II. S. Christenson. Puppy,
bitches— First. Hlonmsbury Queen. C. Stein
bach; second, Ml*s Venom, S. Christenson.
Open, bitches (over thirty pounds)— First,
Woodcote Queen, Fay & Gleason Kennels.
Winners. dogs— Banjo; reserve. Imported
Bloomebury Baron. Winners, bitches—Wood
cote Queen; reserve. Bloomsbury Queen.
Beagles, puppy dogs and bitches— First, Kel
ly. Dr. W. P. Haworth. Open, dogs and
bitches— Second. Sport W. Dr. W. P. Haworth.
Dach^hunrte. puppy dogs — First. Jack Sprag
gon, Walter 8. Martin; second. Rexel, Walter
S. Martin Novice, dogs— First, Jack Sprag
gon, W. S. Martin; second, Rexel. W. S. Mar
tin. Puppy, bitches— First. Dura. W. S. Martin.
XSTovicp. bitches— Dura. W. S. Martin. Winners,
doss— Jack Spraggon; Reserve, Rexel. Win
ners, bitches— Dura.
Fox terriers (smooth-coated), puppy dogs —
First. Kentucky Colonel. J. K. Russell. Novice,
dogs— First. Kentucky Colonel. J. K. Russell;
second. Intrepid, N. H. Hlckman; third. Vi
vacity, William J. Foster. Limit, dogs— First.
Warre- Sceptic. N. H. Hlckman; second, Al
don Artist. G. J. M. E. D'Aquin: third. Wai
ren Clerk. Myron Erkenbreeher; reserve. VI
vaclty, W. J. Foster; V. H. C, Russell Sage.
Charles K. Harley. Open. dogs-First. Aldon
Swarcer. J. U. Martin; second. Warren Scep
tic. N. H. Hlckman: third. Aldon Artist. G. J.
M. E. D'Aquin; reserve. Warren Clerk. Byron
Erkenbrecher. Puppy, bitches— First, Vina
Belle, W. W. Moore; second. Village Belle.
William J. Foster. Novice, bitches— First.
Nuisance. Mrs. C. E. Turner; second. Elmwood
Vnsuar. N. H. Hlckman; third. Village Belle.
William J. Foster; H. C, Topsy, Henry J.
Crocker Jr. Limit, bitches— First, Dottle, J.
B. Martin; second, Vina Belle, W. W. Moore;
third. Carmenclta. Charles K. Harley. Op*>n.
bitches— Firxt. Lady Mask. Thornhill Kennels:
second. Golden Sunshine. J. B. Martin; third,
Carmenclta. Charles K. Harley. Winners.
doss— Aldon Swagger; reserve. Warren Scep
tic. Winners, bitches — Dottle; reserve. Lady
Maak.
Fox terriers (wire-haired), open, dogs—Sec
ond. Lathrop Cronje, F. J. Walker.
Irish terriers, puppy, dogs and bitches— First.
Virginia F. E. Courtney Ford. Limit, dogs
and bitches — First. Virginia F. E. Courtney
F-..rd. Open, dogs and bitches— First, Galtee.
More, Thomas Howard; second, Virginia F, E.
Courtney Ford: third, Barney F. E. Courtney
Ford. Winners. dogs and bitches — Galtee
More; reserve. Virginia V.
Japanese spaniels, open, dogs and bitches —
First. Nippon. Mrs. H. W. Reddan; second,
Jap, Mrs. William Hatjc
Italian greyhounds, puppy, dogs and hitches —
First. Jack, J. P. Burke. Winners, dogs and
bitches— Jack. Mrs. J. P. Burke.
Chows, open, dogs and Wtche»— First, Im
ported Judy, Mrs. G. D. Flack.
Esquimaux, open, dogs and bitches— First,
Prince, A. a. Lyle.
French poodles, open, dogs and bitches — First.
Jack. Dr. J. H. Farrell.
Sueelal prizes:
Pacific Mastiff Club's class medal for best
mastifT dos— Champion California Cube.
Pacific Mas-tiff Club's competition trophy for
btst California bred mastiff. — Champion Cali
fornia Cube.
St. Bernard Club's silver medal for tha best
St. Bernard dog— Leklng.
St.. Bernard Club's silver medal for the best
St. Bernard bitch— Alta Rachel.
St. Bernard Club's silver medal for the best
California bred dog or bitch— California Ebor
acum.
California Collie Club's silver medal "for the
best C.illfornla-bred collie dog — Ormskirk Em
erald Jr.
California Collie Club's silver medal for the
best California-bred collie bitch— Verona Bon
nie Brae.
Pacific Bull Terrier Clubs* silver cup for the
best bull terrier dog — Banjo.
Pacific Bull Terrier Clubs' silver cup for th«
best bull terrier bitch— Woodcote Queen.
Pacific Bull Terrier Clubs' silver cup for the
best dog puppy — Rloomsbury Tip.
Pacific Bull Terrier Club's silver cup for the
best bull . terrier bitch puppy— Bloomsbury
Queen.
Pacific Fox Terrier Club's silver cup for the
best fox terrier dog over twelve months — Aldon
Swagger.
Pacific Fox Terrier CUib's silver cup for the
best fox terrier bitch over twelve months-
Dottle.
Pacific Fox Terrier Club's sliver cup for the
best fox terrier dog puppy— Kentucky Colonel.
Pacific Fox Terrier Club's silver cur» for the
best fox terrier bitch puppy— Vina Belle.
Interest in^the canine part of the fair at
Tanforan Park , yesterday . was consider
ably increased, to judge from the large
crowds that thronged- the aisles devoted
to the exhibition of the" dogs. The Judge's
decisions were watched with keen obser-j
vatlon. The awards were as follows:
" Pointers novice. doKS— First, Rex F, Roy N.
Fuller Limit, bitches (under fifty, pounds)—
First, Sister Glenbelgh G, William Gall. Open,
bitches (under fifty pounds)— Sister Glenbel&h
G, William Gall. Winners, dogs— Rex F. Win
ners, bitches— Sister Glenbelgh G. \
Ergrlish setters, novice, dogs^ First. Sport D.
Sol HoniRSberK: second. Flying Fox, Tod Sloan.
Limit dogs— First. Sport D, Sol- HonlRsbesg;
second, Hen Crocker' 6 Chief, Henry J. Crocker.
Novice, bitches— First. Queen. William Styan;
second, CIatsot> Queen, Fred Davidson. Limit,
bitches— First, Clntsop Queen. Fred Davidson.
Open, bitches— First, Queen, William Styan.
Winners, does— Sport D; reserve. Flying Fox.
Winners, bitche&— Queen; reserve, Clatsop
Queen.
Irish setters, novice, dogs— First. . Toronto
Miki- L, S. Adams Jr. Limit, dogs — Toronto
Mike', L. S. Adams Jr. Novice, bitches— First,
Lady <31enbrook, James, F. Kelly.
Gordon setters, novice-, doga and bitches-
First, Bud. - Frank H. Burke. . Open, dogs and
bitches — First, Crackerjack. Louis D. Ehret;
second. Bud. Frank H. Burke; third, Dick III.
Frederick A. Elliott. Winners, dogs and
bitches— Crackerjack; reserve. Bud. Field trial
class. ¦ dogs— First, Hen Crocker's Chief, Henry
J. Crocker.
Irish water spaniels, open, dogs — First; Robert
Emmet, S. W. Horton.
Field spaniels, open, dogs and bitches— First,
Royd Monarch III, W. S. Kittle.
Cocker epaniels, black (not over twenty-eight
pounds), puppy, dogs — First, General Fremont.
L.C Plstolesl. Novice, dogs— First, General
Fremont. L. C. Plstolesl. Open, dogs— First,
Dufferln Pastime, Redwood Cocker Kennels.
Novice, bitches— First, Powhattan Lou. Fred
surLowen; second, Omo Girl, Plu merle Cocker
Kennels. Open, bitches — First. Mono II, Mrs.
J. P. Atkln. .Winners, dogs— Dufferln Pastime;
reserve. General Fremont. Winners, bitches-
Mono II ; • reserve. . Powhattan Lou.
Cocker spaniels, other than black (not over
the Canine Exhibit.
BENCH SHOW AWARDS.
Crowds Throng the Aisles Davoted to
Class 74. hors*?s in harness, bred on Pacific
Coast only and under 15 hands 3 inches — Bay
wood stud's Cockade, blue ribbon; Baywood
stud's .Calico, red ribbon; E, D. Beylard's
C'howchllla, whit© ribbon. - * ¦
Class 7S. horses In harness, bred on the Pa
cific Coast and over 15 hands 3 inches — Charles
T. Crocker's Crusader and Ben Bolt, blue rib
bon; John Nolan & Son's Sacramento and Egan,
red ribbon.
Class Rl. horses to harness, open to all — Bay
wood stud's Brayo and All Baba. blue ribbon:
W. S. Hobart's Monarch and Performer, red
ribbon; Charles T. Crocker's Crusader and Ben
Bolt, white ribbon.
Class 101, appointment class, runabout and
appointments, owner to drive, first prize cup —
F. J. Carolan's Silver Tips, blue ribbon; Jo
seph S. Tobln's Silver Tips, scratched.
Class S3, horses in harness, hish steppers— E.
•D. Beylard's Prancer. blue ribbon; no other
prize awarded.
Class 71. horses In harness, pair of horses and
bpst-appointed road wauon — Charles Newman's
Maud Newman and Neerbell, blue ribbon; R.
E. Mulcahy's Eu flora and Alponeer, red ribbon;
A. B. Spreckels' Mamie Uiley and Kitty,
scratched. ' - .
Class 77, horses in harness, open to all — F. J.
Carolan's Pastime and Pleasure, blue ribbon;
Fay wood stud's Cockade and Crinoline, red rib
bon; Joseph S. Tobln's Shadow and Sunshine,
scratched.
Class 105. lady's brougham and pair and ap
pointments — No entry
. Cless 118, hunters— F.iJ. Carolan's Scarboro.
blue ribbon: F. J. Carolan's Sunshine, red rib
bon; F. J. Carolan's Diana, white ribbon. .
Class 10S, saddle horses, horses up to carry-
Ing 200 pounds and exceeding 15 hands 2 inches—
F. J. Carolan's Spectator, blue ribbon; Peter
D. Martin's Monte Carlo, red ribbon; T. A.
Drlscoll's Sultana, scratched.'
(.'lass 70, roadsters and best-appointed road
rlK— Dr. D. E. X ash's Rudolph M. blue ribbon-
S. Chrlstenson's Slmone. red ribbon.
Class 29. coach horses, stallions three years
c!d or over — Darnetal II, only entry red rib
bon.
Class 50, ponies, stallions five years old or
over— F. J. Carolan's Fusillade, only entry, blue
ribbon.
Class El, ponies, mares five years old or over
Peter D. Martin's Lady Fern, blue ribbon; F.
J, Carolan's Princess Flavla, red ribbon; M.
E. Flower's Viola, scratched.
Class 95. ponies in harness, not exceeding 14
liaml.i 2 inches— Baywood stud's fllly Chum,
blue ribbon; Peter IX Martin's bay mare Little
Mif« Moffltt, red ribbon; F. J. Carolan's Fld
dleptifkp, scratched.
Class 27, half-bred hackney mares or Reldlngs
three years old or over— Baywood stud's brown
iceldlng All Baba, blue ribbon; Baywood stud's
chestnut R-eldinir Bravo, red ribbon; Baywood
ntud's chestnut Reldln* Brlgrand, white ribbon
Class 52. hackney pony stallions, five years
old or over— Sir Glbble II, only entry, blue rib
bon.
Class 25. hackney stallions with four of e*t—
Baywood stud's Green's Itufus, only entry, blue
ribbon. -
Class IS, hackney stallions three years old or
over— Baywood stud's Green's Rufus, only en
try, blue ribbon.
For the whites McCreery made a clever
poal in the fourth period and soon after
Bettner followed suit, making a score of
two to the reds' four. The teams were
short on account of the absence cf the
Tobins.
To-day the programme will not start un
til half-past 1. It will be opened by an
exhibition of riding by Miss Marvin, who
will ride Carolan's Sporting Princess as
well as her own horsea. She rides with
out a saddle. The twenty-five-mile relay
will also be run, and the vaquero riding,
postponed from yesterday, will be on the
programme. To-mcrrow a special train
will be run at 10 o'clock to accommodate
the athletes.
The races this afternoon will be of ex
ceptional Interest.
Following is the result of the judging
of the horses yesterday:
The polo game furnished all the excite
ment of the day. There- were thj? "reds"
and the "whites," the reds being com
posed of T. A. Drlseoll, Charles Dunphy
and Peter Martin, the whites of John
Lawson, Walter McCreery and Robert
Ikltnc-r. From the time the ball was in
play there was no doubt of the result.
The reds were ahead on team work and
individual skill, although in skill they had
hard men to go against In Bettner and
McCreery. Dnscoli carried off the hon
ors of the pame. He made three of the
four goals of his side, and there was not
a play that did not ilnd him next to the
bail. Three times during the game he
n>ove the ball from the red goal down to
the whites' end of the field by his own
Brit and horsemanship and in the face of
all Interference. For part of the third
period he rode his new polo pony. Bob
Acres, the tleetest and liveliest polo mount
that has appeared on the polo field. Peter
Martin made the other^goal for the reds,
taking it cleverly from Driseoll's drive
out of a bunch.
tle and dogs, and with as lively a
polo grame # as Tanforan has- seen to end
th<? programme.
Tne principal interest was Fhown in the
horses, which were judged on the track
in front of the grand stand.* There were
two classes that caused more than, usual
interests-class 71 for roadsters and ap
pointments and class 118 for hunters. In
the roadster class there were two en
tries—Charlie Newman's team of straw
terry roans and R. E. Mulcahy's team of
hays. Newman easily got the prize for
his beauties, and soon after he had se
cured It he had three offers for his team,
two for thirty-seven hundred and another
that went that figure fifty dollars better.
Walter Hobarf was one of the bidders.
Newman figured the team was as valu
able to him as to any one else, so he kept
them.
• In the hunter class there were four en
trios— ttoree of Carol an'B and Peter Mar
tin's Monte Carlo. Searboro, one of the
Carolan entries, with Walter Hobart up,
toon. the hurdlts in good shape, but the
other two Carolan horses balked badly.
Martin's Monte Carlo, with Jerry Keat
lnpr, master of the San Mateo Hunt C!ub,
up, took the hurdles like a bird, neither
hesitating nor shying, but when it came
to the distribution of the ribbons he was
not in it. The Carolan horses got all
three and Monte Carlo had to content
himself with all the applause from the
trrunri stand.
Horses and Cattle Put Through Poses.
Lively Game of Polo.
THE fourth day of the fair of the
San Francisco and San Mateo
Agricultural Assoclaiion was de
voted to.judging horses and cat-
IT WAS JUDGING
DAY AT TANFORAN
RUNNING AND HARNESS EVENTS, COURSING AND BASEBALL.
Txlllj SA-lS .D xiAiN vyXfeOv/ vyiV-LjJ-i) i KIDAY^ 0I1.L 1 rj3IJ>Ii.li —o, ¦ lJUUi
THE WINNER ATCD THE LOS
ER IN THE RACE FOR THE
JOCKEY CLUB STAKES.
Three Boys Accused of Robbery.
The preliminary examination of Huj-h
Freel. William Greenway and John Mr-
Queeney on the charge of robbery w, ( q
held before Judge Fritz yesterday Th«
three boys were accused of knocklii
down Daniel E. Meyers, a railroad man*
and robbing him of his watch on Howard
street, near Second, on the night of Sep
tember 10. Decision was rasrrverl '
4
It Is not an uncommon sight to see a
Chinese soldier with a fan and an um-
brella, strapped across ' his back.WASHINGTON*. Sept. IT.— The meettn?
of American Archbishops at the Catholic
University here has been set for Wednes
day. October ML It is believed that at
least twelve of the fourteen Archbishops
govemin? provinces in this country will
attend the convocation. Archbishop Fee
han's ill health probably will prevent his
attendance- Dr. Chappelte. Archbishop of
New Orleacs. f* at Manila as apostolic
delegate to the Philippines. There will be
several prominent suffragan Bishops in
Washington coincident with the meetinr.
as ors October & the board of directors, or
trustees, of the Catholic University are to
assemble in vearly session. Besides a
number of the Archbishops this board em
braces the auxiliary Bishop of New York
and the Bishops cf Covlnjrton. Detroit.
Peoria and Cleveland. Cardinal .Gibbons
as head of the American hierarchy will
preside at both meetings.
Americans Will Attend the
Convocation.
Bslisved That T-wel-e cf the Fourteen
ABCEBISHOFS TO
GATHER AT WASHINGTON
JAiIESTOW?C. Sept. 27.— The Republ!
nr.< cf this Congressional district held a
rrostes tne«tin^ to-ni«ht to Sam
IX \Voc<i*. Bepsbticaa Consrersional cora-
sional Kciniii*e
*p«rUl Dtssatci f> Ti* Ctli.
JTN D<?=jcrati= leaders win 3c*- insti
tute Buncax-Js p-octedissrs to cciap*i the
S*cr*t&J7 of State tr> pi*ce McClaujhrj-'s
naci* t pen the ticket ami the cast will be |
ffrc^tit out to the ororts.
£A2£ D. X7C0DS AT JAJSCESTOWU".
Sccsing Sscrption to the Congres-
.* tate. by pp^oictsject of Governor Gage,
iind p-esects reafOT^ for the action ne
£j-~ci*' Diiratch to The Ca.II
SACP.A2IE.VTi3. Sept. rr.-t?*cretary of
St*t« Charles F. Carry kz.s refused to file
tfec u.iTinr,mtM TTWJTVtac th-i nonxin*tloa
t j [he I>«3iorraac t-or.ven»-ior! of Hull Me-
Ctkttztxr tex ccnV.r ef the State Beard
of E^uaiix.-Mioa. Tre appiic^ttan «f 31c-
TTftya*li Jf 1 mho r? one of tte rislns young
tatB ta Drniccratic politics ta Si»n fc'raa
ci^'^o. .<-as been inclosed, together with a
penFOTftl letter settirr^ forth tne Secretary
ct state's views on the yufcject, to Thoraas
E. Csrxta, 45rrsentcd tiie paper for
f.lizg:.
ilr. Curry holds that there is no va
cancy in the p»^jiti«.n. which Is now held
ty L. H. Brown, former Secretnrv of
of the Rapid Transit Commissioners this
afternocn a resolutica was passed for a
tonne! to Brooklyn- The route of the
tunnel will be the old Flatbush-a venae
roate. The tunnel will extend from th»
city hall. Manhattan to the Batterv
across the East River to the foot of
Joralemoo street. Brooklyn, thence to the
old city hall, thence to Flatbush avenc*"
thence to the Lon^ Island Railroad sta
tion at Flatbosh and Atlantic avenues
There the tunnel will terminate for the
present. The route Is the one favored by
Controller Coler, who has made an esti
mate that the cost of construction of tfr»
tunnel will be about $6,000,600. * v " '
Action Is Taken at a Meeting of th»
Rapid Transit Com-
NEW YORK. Sept. TT.— At the cieetin?
TUTTSTEL TO CON3TECT
JJXW YOBK ANB BSOOKLYS
MONTREAL. Sept. Z7.— The United
States training ship Hawk, which I3 oa
Its way to Cleveland, ran ashore last
evening as It came out of the Lachinc
canal, nine miles above here. There will
be ?reat trouble getting her off.
The accident occurred, it appears.
through the absence of a pCot. The cota
nianiler of the Haxk en?a^e<i a pGot be
fore leaving Montreal. After they hart
reached the last lock in the Lachine canal
the pilot jumped out oa the lock and «aid
he was g-ofng- home to get his coat, as ae
lived near by. They waited a Ionsr time
for Mia. but as he did Rot return tee
commander decided to go ahead according
to the chart. The boat ran aground aj?
soon as she Kr>t oat of the caniL A tus
has tried to pet the Hawk cZ. but thus
far unsuccessfully. The pilot was not a
registered government pilot.
Captain Tried "Cnsuccessftilly to
Navigate Har Withoct a
Pilot.
TELAJNING SHIP
HAWK RTTMS ASHOSZ
Denied a Place ss Nominee
for ;he Board of Equal-
IZ2T3.
McCLAUGHRY'S
NAME HOT ON
STATE TICKET
PARIS. Sept TT.— The Presse publishes
( the text of an alleged letter frcm Alfreci
i Dreyfus to M. Treieux. the former Mln
| ister cf Justice, dated Geneva. Switzer
; land, September 13, ta which the writer
! says: %
t "The moral efTccts cf the iniquity still
! exist and the mental torture is as" great
I as ever. Since justice has not beea done
¦ to me the aim I pursue remains the sanitf
i until attained— the ie^al revisren of my
I triaL"
The Presse cites this letter as "proving
I that the Dreyfusards are still asitatin?
I and persist in their Intention to keep aJhra
¦ the hatred and discord of recent years."
I Letter Alleged to Have Been
Written by Him Pub
lished in Paris.
DREYFUS STILL
HOPES TO GET
A NEW TRIAL
Vallejo's Begistration
VALLEJO. Sept. Zl.— The registration to
£?£!&£ the Ur 5«« * the historj- of the
dty-3^. r
In the Divorce Court
-Mercedes L. Ne'srsain has granted >
a divorce froa Francis EL N'ewsara ot. i
the crcsad of nes'.ect- Ole Swinger, j
was yesterday granted a divorce froa
TUUe Swiy^en by Jud^e Bahrs en
the ground cf Intemperance. Sult« for
divorce were itl^i yesterday by Mrs. N
J. Kelly against Thomas C. Kelly for
failure to provide: Frank de deer
arainst Margaret de Cleer for entity:
Charles A. BUnchard against Frances
Bianchard for tniidelity: Jacob Ma-ter
apisst Annie Marier for desertion, and
Minrie Gold asaisat Adolnn Geld for
cruelty. ¦
> Scotch Club Has a Smoker.
iim sco ten cud of Saa Francisco had a.
"Highland smoker" at Its rooms a O'Far
rel) street. last nisht." The evening wai
pas-ed ia stsgfrts and story telllns- Jo»«n
Rols. G W Paterjon. David D^iafi"j n
H. sfcmltn. J. <_. Moore. Georsre ilfn«r
Al€X Strar. ? . Hu ? h Fraser. Davtd £"
\» A. Dawsoa. Dave Young and F B
Hatdane contributed to the entertaln-
Fine Stationery.
» «nn» cards and invitations printed
and ensrraved. All the latest tints and
stages in writing- papers and enveIoD«»«
SeJ'ire aeents for "Waterraan" Ideal
Fountain Pens and sole arents for the
*l'|irshail" Fountain Pen. "which is the
bgft in the world, for ILflO each. Sanbo A
V&\ & Co-, T4I Market street. *-? a(m ™.
Fc-rral rite? w?re chante'I yesteriay 1
i.tuiiiTug ta Et. tgnatfc* Church over the ¦
irsly of Mrs- Kli.za.htr.ii ilcEnemey. wife j
<-f Oarr^t HcEier:er. In the presence ¦
of >- DOQX&ics c;n?rezatl.-:n which crowd
ed " -.- ?reat f^diSce to the doors th? sol
errn. sad service wi-s siid. Men cf pr^m- '
;-er.ce in every -orauk of life, oScials of
tbc State and city, lawyers, merchants. ;
Ben ef a^airs. were there to pay the trib- '
etc of their sympathy to the sorrowing
bssiNKad who ¦w^aj prcstrated in his gri«f.
'¦ .' -.-—is cf women who had kn;w-r. Mrs.
M Esxnxj Is her cp»n-hasded penercsity
msA suir acts of charity thronged into
-¦jr-h i- sincere sorrow. . |
AX 1:3 9'dodt the bell of St. Ignitiiis
' - ~ re oZ the funeral cortege. >
. - ' - :."-. Father Fri-rden. superior j
' ' J-r<u:t--. fc!aelc rcbed and chaatirg '•
a. ;:':¦-: for the dead, met the coEr at ,
*— e 6 -- - - - .rh-*r<?d it in solemn tread ;
'- -°~ '"**- r* th- hlph altar. As the:
feseni proc isJ - taorrf f Ic-wly dowa the j
rrntiaJ aisle th« cujlc cf a dir?e moaned ;
throti^h the cfcun-fa. Wuhin the sanctu- ]
a.rr s?.t Arrfrtrtstwp H-icr.ian and prtests :
fr_- many of tbe parishes of the city.
I be rwrofaa =as:< was deep'.y scienzn ¦
SLr.i. ir-pressive. The music of the choir '
ws * *-a-* ?t d^ath. asd be&re tlse coCin '
cf h:s wife the h=st-and ksett enable to i
coctrcl tta s-bs. At the conclusion of the |
> funeral mas* Archbishop Riordar. arcs«
from his pJa.ce in the sanctuary. He
conned the black robes ef his funeral of
ftce and. foUo-sred b"-* priest and a.eolyt*s.
': approached the ccCa which was nzr
rour.d?d bv gleaming tapers. Slowly he
: pronounced the word* of absolution.
: sprinkling the casket with holy water a*
ir.rr^r.*^ aro«<? frcm the swlnytn^ cenf>er
arid p-ervaded the entire church. Th» fa
' neral service was over, the voices cf the
«in?ers were silenced and the crjran
: moaned airain as the funeral party started
en its way. It was a. scene of sadness
which will not te forgotten by these who
saw tt.
The ftxaerz] processton moved aloctg Van
Ness avenue and then out to Mount Cal
vary Cemetery. The hor^rary 7>a!lbear
• rs were: J. Domqr Harvev. V."UUam D.
Ens-Iish. Jcdce W. P. Lawlor. <ex-Jvdzt:
i J. P.; Sa'.ivan. Louis BcsentliaL \Y. r.
Morrow. T. F. Bonnet. J. C. N*alon. Luke
i Kavanac^h. Thon^as E. Flynn. Peter J
: Dunne and Jame* H. O'Brien.
The celebrant of the funeral isajs was
the Verj- P.?v. Father Fried'T.. The mu
*4c was boss by the double quartet cf St.
Ier.atius Church, tinder the direction of
the organist. Dr. Morris O'Connor. Amocsr
the cler?ryir:«n in the sanctuary- were Rev.
Fither Scanlan. chancellor of the ar?h
ctiocese: Rev. Per« r C. Yorke. R»v. Father
Philip O'Ryan. P.ev. Father Kirby. Rev
Father Pr-*!at'>. Rev. Father ilulllgan and
Rev. Father Cottle.
I !r.«». who has just en<ie«i a BOCiesaful
| cimpa'jrn in. Marlposa Cccr-tv. Th<? hall
in ¦which the meet:::* was held was filled
! ¦with an audi-noe which was in full accor<J
| -with. the remarks of the speaker. ac<i the
j cr-rrrrittee which ha-i the rn*etlrjr t-i
s cHarge arrare«?d a big- bonfire and Sre- j
works, llr. Woods spoke for more than
an hour s.r.<i was faterr-up:«»i tim«» and !
3 "^ with applause, tsry^riatly when h*
r-ferr-*} to the rf"ser.t adm'nistratlon anrf
ttiroooeoct cf th<? war with Spain.
To-correx Mr. Wocds £c<?s to <""art«T« !
c the <r»rEraisr. fn this county at ;
s^^ncra on Saturday r.Ijpfat.
• — .
Gaee to Tcnr ths Stats
LOS _ANGELES. Sept. rr.-O^verr.cr
H---nrv T. Gazv will rrnke a t**n ci *-.- — .
'"cneressicr.al district in tbe State en be
half of the Republican ticket. The Gov
ernor's Itinerary will include the follow
ing-: Stockton. Monday. October 1; Sac
ramento. Wednesday. October 3- San Di
x£*b. Tu ? sda >A October S; Lcs Angles
U edsesday. October 17. and Thnrtdav
2 4 T n*C t Fr f s^°- wA»«toy. Occccer
.4. ar-d Oakland. Saturday, November 3-
Yolo's Prohibition Ticket
Sp»ri3l D".»r»tch t.> The i'«U
WOODLAND. Sept. 27—The prohibition
convention, conrlstlng of nin« dele^av
has Rominatel ?. Urket for Vo!o County
W. p. Fassett of TTbUen was named for
the Assembly. H. If. Dickinson of Wood
land for Supervisor in the fourth district
a=d Jacob Wfnter of Capay for the'fifth
dt5.net. No nomination was made for rfc»
first district-
K.is prcmrted the transportation ecrupa
cies interested to arran^; for arother pep
ular excursion to Lake Tahoe. the tickets
to be r.*} for the round trip and allowing
three days at the lake. Those who can
take ft*!] advantage of this chance should
So Friday (to-dayj evenin?-. September *S.
and return on the follcwin? Tuesday, but
Che tickets will he ccod oa Saturdav" e 'vea
ins also.
The glories of Tahoe and its nidged en
itracaccsui are simply matchliss. ard
this very ch^an rate puts them within
everybody's reuchl
LEAGUE OF TEJL CSOSS
CADETS' ENTEBTArNMENT
Compajiy K ileinbers Present a FLne
Prcgrsjn=:e and Follow It With
a Danes.
Th? entertainment and dance given by
Company H. League cf the Cross, in
Union-square Hall last nizht was a d^
c:d-f.I succc-ss. The large audience vigor
ously applauded the various numbers on
the programme, which were ait well ren
c»rerL Tee committee or arrangement*
consistiE? of Lieutenant i{arr>- CTCtaaex
• rhairman). Sergeant EL Roberts t*ec-e
lary>. Laeutcr.ant William Beaai«y. Ser
jeant J. Kingston. Sergeant F tJ»-*-'ee
t^rseant T. Smith. Corporal j'. Dw^ef!
•.orporal M. Move. Corporal W. Cooean
end Private H. Power, arranged the fol
lowing programme: " '
Selection. H. KoeseE's orchestra: chair
man. Captain John Keating: se!ec f ior«
phonograph; bary:one S q{,^ Seree-int
Charles Hay: comet duet. Mws^ Mar
¦ t 1 ; Jr ,5eph Han?or.: recitation. F. Cooke
caldweti; fancy dar.ee. Hiss M. Jlalon^y
bSSJ solo. Professor S. J. Sandy selec
tion, orchestra.
The dance that folio-wed tm partfcirAt
ed in by more than a hundred couple^
Private Her.nr Pow^r of Company H wo«
the geld medal presented by Father P*
Quinn. he having- JisposetJ of the la-z-»it
cumber of tickets for the entertainment.
- T
Teamsters' Troubles Adjnsted
The BrotlUTfaaod of Teamsters met la^*
r.!?:it at Teutonia Hal!. 1320 Howard
street. It was reported that the boss
teamsters had acceded to the demand for
higher wages and would confer with a
(iele^atfoti from the brotherhood and ad
lusi their differences. The union received
a pwcoise from rfce lumber clerks of thi«
rity that they woui-i not deliver tanbei
to jcab teamster?. u ' r
¦¦ • »
THAT GLORIOUS
MOUNTAIN AIR
That You Get So Much Of
Up at Tahoe
Solemn Rites at the Funeral Services Yes
terday in the Church of St.
Ignatius.
"Castro is not President of Venezuela.
He has not been elected hy the people j:
Congress, but obtained the ctSce by revo
lution. His administration has been any
thing- but successful and a ereat many of
our people are opposed to him. Gensra.1
Andrade. although he Is the ri?httul
President, has no desire to occupy asrain
the position he lost. . He. however, would
tike to see another man than Castro in.
power."
Jose Andrade. brother cf tjnacio a.-rd
former Minister of 'Venezuela In Wasrt-
Inrton. will arrive in New York in a few
days. Dr. Jaureiruy. who was expelled
from Venezuela by Castro, is cow la the
city, as are several other refugees.
Special Di*r«tch to The CalL
NETVV YORK. Sept. -27.— With the arri
val tncoamito of General Isrnacio Andrade.
former President of Venezuela, in this city
Wednesday came rumors that a plot to
overthrow President Cipriano Castro was
ta be started here.
General Nicholas Rolando, who was
Governor of the State of Guayama. during
Andrade's administration, said when seen
at the Hotel America to-night:
"It is true that General Andrade arrived
here on Wednesday from San Juan. Porto
Rico, but he has since left the city. Wner»
be has gone I cannot say. He caste here
purely on business and net to- plot for
the overthrow of Castro. He is traveling
incognito because he does not wish to
Former President Andrade
Traveling Incognito in
This Country.
RUMORED PLOT
FOR REVOLUTION
IN VENEZUELA
UJCCLE BILL.T REEVE !s cut of a Job ar.d at the a?» cf TJ years Is
fcuntinjr a new one. Until yesterday- he was th-e oMest "elevator boy"
In the "world. Tear la and year out fcr a Ion? period ne has operated
a Uttle ci'i-fashioned elevator that moved slower than any other elevator
on earth In the Commercial block, en t»w*r California street. The building
Is to have three additional stories and two brand new electric elevators. The
powers that be have concluded that L'ccle Btily cannot rysn the space anriiail
ators very wtXtt
When the new* was received Uncle Billy looked serious, bat said cot one
worri of the sort found in "hard luck" stories. He ha.d reason to be sad.
fcr he has no money and no one to support him. and TS is rather an old
as* at which to begfD the battle oi life anew. Nevertheless Uncle BUI7 at
once heroically tegxn to Inquire where he could get a new job. Ke was
formerly a member of the ci<i Nationals, a crack military company 0* San
Francisco. He ha.3 otrned real estate and has been concerned in business
enterprises. The f.ckle of fortune took then from him. Judgins from
Us present brave spirit he has never repined.
Business men ntay devise some way to save the eld man from want. "I
need very Httle to live on." he said at his home at 155 Linden avenue last
evening-. His cheerfulness was more pathetic than any manifestation of sor
row could have been.
Oldest Elevator Operator on Earth. Does
Not Repine When Discharged, but
Bravely Seeks Work.
>. e r-'.r.* in a r<*al rossasce. It sll t-^^an
*j"^*^""^" — •" -. * — *~ res a^" v : **^ <**[¦¦*"»
beet's rrtanager. but -ew in charrr-r cf
coi3p«jry. d»?<"t'^- i '3 t* br^eaS: th>?
Western txtj by Etopptes c2 <Dne r.ijrht at
Ctfpple '."r--i. Colo.. «1i*re Gotwbct
?•"-"¦•>¦:: cu riven itich a. riotous re-
Tb« T-rr^rsrT landed at Cripr> Cbeek
«¦":.'';.- (a the rr.omir.s- Aa fate would have
:¦. fast u tfeey alirh:^d from the train
-" fca Kavartx -.. a r>b mt-:-.sr nian. wu
t&e ra:!r-di fiepot. TI<? expected ?one
'" -' f ftttsx tbk tli5t. One glano? at >t:-s
¦ ¦- csb the vna bet in
• .- - - -'* tto«, a=i tbe rich rrir^r fca<i
list hi.* besrt. Ke focci Uh ev«rr r»iir
E«u.- "'- • - I - -h :¦ 2.rrar;e^i an bxtrodae
' - . ¦.- - the company's <:-.•: rt vu:t
WILL BEGIN OVER AGAIN,
THOUGH SEVENTY-SIX
SOUBHETTE WHO 5EE2.I5 TO
EZ IN* LUCK.
"vVe-uns of Teni:«s«'" !>= fronr the pen
of !>?•? Arthur, th* we!i-lmowa ptay
wrtjrht. It sct?re,l a tremendous hit in
Ne^ Y^rk. and since Polly Sccckwell ha<
consented to travel en her bare tootsies
Manager &eta3co ha^« every reason to be
0#tc th.it the highly interesttn? war
crana will enjoy a further success In this
city.
- c e younz actre*^ d^murre-i when sbe
discovered that the author of ""Vv'e-un* of
Tenre**eu" ho! prepared this ordeal for
her. but when Manager Belasco impressed
'-?pn her tlie necessity of carryins- out th<»
spirit of the play she wept ccptous tears
a.~'f — consent e<L
The scene terwe*n the manager and the
Ingenue wai= an in:-^re«tln^- one. ili^s
Stockwell feareii to n»«: the tii^approval
cf her schoolmates and friends by barir.5
her "Trilbies" to their gaze, and she went
tearfully to Mr. Bet&sea with her plaint.
He reasoxscd with her and after an ar?u
ceixt t&at wij backed up with the threat
of th>? fU5tornary ¦xeek's notic? «he re-
I r jcr.-tnily grave way.
S.-Z wadins- acrcss a stream — even a stas-e
stream — in the presence of an audience.
Net that she fears to hold her shapely
toctsfe-woot«ie? up for the Insptcticn of
the cnlcckers. but fox t&e princtpte cf the
thing-.
1
i POLLY ST0CKWELL. WK05E
-TRILBIES- BLUSH UNDER
THE PUBLIC EYE.
I
Aigie w-ent straisht to the office of At
torney Jzrz.'rs I_ Gailaciier and pave
him Instruction! to continence suit for
divorce. CtarTe<?s trfS 1 .i!so be preferred
before the P'>Iio* Ccsiciissicr.ers «i;raicst
Policeman Kissing- lor tsaklng an ua
wiirrante-i arr«s:.
bosfaea there. I told hirn I wanted rsr
bustMUUl. and he «a:d If I did sot go a.wa.y
he wouLi call a poSeexnan. I said he
cctiM do so, and he ill. Th? roHc«man
took me t.-> the station and to!d the man
at th« <Z~r'k that he dM not know wr.at
to charge ir» w^tth. and I was telii t" ro.
r- 1 :*. I :r5:st?d en b^lr.<r chiryed. Th*r»
they charged is? with being drank, and
I was not ia the Ie*st Intoxicated."
The Ju.ice s.i!-i he wa« sorrv she nac!
been arr?s;<Hl. and d:«=ii«so«i tht? cast
She told Jui^e Ccslaa y*st?r<ia.y mam
!r? that her arrest was a grcss outrage.
"After the performance at the Chutes
last n:s"ht."" she saii. "ny husha.^<i a.r.<i I
!ia-i sorr:*? refreshments. wh»n ho 5^d
declv left ne. Ke went to the Terminal
Hotel, at Kai£ht and Star.yin street*,
whsre we liv<=d. ar..I I followed a little
:it«r. I kaoeked at th« door, which fcs
bad Ircked. but be tefoaed to let rz.e in.
I went to the cierk tad cot a pass key.
a~d as I reached the deer a bie. btiriy
=s.a tcld iae Co ra awiy. is I had no
baS Mhotpr before 3 o'clock yesterday
rnamlng. Th^ chirs-e against her was
hears eariv yestertaj r:cmin^ cf b?ing
behind the bars of the City Prison. She
was arrestevj atoat mitlnigtc by Police
man K'-ssinj. but wi ! r^Ieas'ed en To cash
Adr> Costello, th« Bozt-tazaer, -srho has
c^ter: t:e»n b«hi='l 'he bars wi*h her p-s*s.
exp*ri-»r.c*i.i the discomfort for a ccuple of
AIXJXE TES ZIOS TA3CE3.
BEHIXD PRISON BAES
socials e-d picnics <o; ••-¦ wbBW^*^1
lie aridw»;>r: a£ E-*:- *•*»•*¦ ' " " *
ve<ier- ah<? wu r=uoh la ¦>— ... "'- ' ~-l^.'Z--'J
rieniantl 08 ncccunt cf btr snnny di5posi
ticr. ar.d rlrmdocs rr.a_-.r.'Tr3.
at Cripple Cre«k rCno-ss-Itctj wii an a^-d<?n;
admirer cf the dashi::!? and vivacious
actress.
¦W. K. Grey, tree is th» advance repre
ser:ta"iv<» of *t>? Foy company, has al
ready receive".! several :«?;-?grams from the
ni'.'ir? siar: *tat:rT that he is en his way
here ar:«i r---<jT;<*«t!ng hi^i to Irtforta Miss
Tar.giiaj- of Use fact. It IooJcs from
present ap?^»nine»s. so Gr«?y claims, that
before the ciose of the engagement here
Foy will here to secure the services cf
SJ-.oth^r ~:ubr«?tt»». a« til* nilnlng- man
«w»ar5 fc» trill no: r«*t until he makes th»
fair actress hi* brid-?.
The Cotanda millionaire Is expected
ter» ua a~y r!i train, as the supposition
is that he has it alt amnjeevi with the
fair CoIifrrT-iar: to lead her to the altar in
the State that pa.v» h«r KL- .^^mi 'JUJ-^ "
rat:v« diu^h:?? ar.d ||C- -."-^- ,• r V- * '
tras a. rsaicen; of Til,- g§|^^^p^- : - : *-«i
•_r;- ur.tii ==.5 «-r.-. :^^^^m»A -* : -:
upon the sa«:. A-.r-^s *r*ir^^^^^^>
the t«iy shi v--£i isr ; vv. : '¦*¦¦¦ '^ r ',
njeri5<iy por-xir. ar.j x. i •. ~- ' S-*. "'.:.: •. »
¦was b«?«-Jdeo at esi*-^; ; : .' . s^Sh^ 1
ca.rs"-^Kds. a: all tr. • "-i^SF^
p=: VA TAXGVXT. a faroer reaS8«rt c*
j Tliursn. eels' the .lishlrsr soubrette
1 — ' «tth Eddi. Fcr-s cc=rany. "A Sl«kt
Shapely Eva Tanguay Hooks a Colorado Millionaire, While
Pretty Polly Stockvvell Gets Her Dainty
Little Feet Wet.
ONE ACTRESS LUCKY IN LOVE;
ONE SHY ON HER "TRILBIES"
THE SAN FKAJSCJISUU CALL., FKLDAY, SEPTEMBER 2S, 1900.
REQUIEM MASS AT THE
BIER Of MRS. McENERNEY
"V^* 153 POLLT STOCXWELL. the
I \ cl;ver Ingenue of the Alcazar stock
4 * company, has a very strong a.ver-
5
RaJcier b««r. the only beer on : rhe Pa-
cific Coast that recefv^d a racial at the
Paris exposition. •
<sfu&/££SYi*£i/7i&
TW.. restrui tjntc. taat quiets nerves. lcdic«
sla.iber. fcri=?s appetite asd strength to^^,*
w«:«en*i by ilia-**. Is lh«.preparati.ja of ta*
pa-.-aste^. tts .^allty. Sold by an UrowisS
. —OF itiil—
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
SVEA
FIREANDLIFE
INSURANCE COMPANY
Or GOTH^NETRa. STTrTKN OX TH2
Rat day cf t>cesiS*r. A. E 1 . 1333. aad f.ip
ti* y**r esdia^ ca tia? day. as mad* ic ?S^
Ic-Tiraic- Co=i3iia»icB«r c< tie Stai* <rf Call-
r Mn, pursTiast ta ti* wortai.Tcs o* »*r£io=*
i C3 aid *u cf ti- Pcttta^i Cc<^. cs=«itije<l w
p«r feU=i rirsisied 67 ti* Cc=-wta=«r.
CAPITAL.
; Aactn: cf CapKal Stcci. paid a> ra
: C** 5 CB.~3
Assrrs.
I R*a! rj-i-» o»T!«-i by Co=;»3y PVa.V.o "»
J^«=» ca 3- =!« a=d M=rt^i$!?» t*4l.l»l I*
Ca«M Market Valoe cf *;: Stccka a=ii
B.:=dj ow^ed by Cc=5*2? i 37.25 J4
. Assccat cf !>¦».-_« ••cured by p;*l^«
cf BcEd*. Stocks, aad jti«r m*r-
• k^afcL* »«rortt:-?» as collarcral i,K».BT 3T
Ca*.*! M B»-it UT.12 a>
fc::*r««t d"je asd accrsed 03 1 .
Sticks asd Lcai» n.E* r>
f rr«=^tc=s ta 4a« Coar*» o! CcUsctica «J.15 n
; E>c« fro= Ai^ats _ J3Z.13Z 1Z
5» frcca ctier C=ai;a=i-*. BiiC >*
Ot>er Assets XIM <i
Total Assets rr.T3T.543 TJ
I Lcssn ad^ostc^ a=d aapmid 1
!.•-!¦«¦»-¦ ia Fr;t.«w of Ai^33t=est cr «
; la Sujy«se } Cfe» a
- Lc***4 resuted. I a e ! u i : 3 j cx-
; ¦.-->-¦•
j Crwi pr-taiTxras en 5Tt- R^as ma-'
r:*-— g one y?ar cr . »ss . r^iaanr 1 -
aae* ;» p«r> oest
Grow rresiu=a ca Fire Risks r=s- ¦ tr "» .i
zing jacre 'Jiaui cse yexr; reta-
»3-m=ce prj rara. j
' UaMIJty U3d«r Life I>»5*rem«=t *>m2W U
i Du* «=d to t*cc=« d-e fir icr-
rjw?d ccsify 32.13 3
j A" oti»r iemnaa *,-i . = •-. ti« Co=-
1 5»=t _ :*«.ii* ti
TstaZ U:::-:m — UtiCilT *J
I ?•*« east uttuT.7 reosti»«l for FTr*
I pr-:=itt=» II.K9.te 14
R*cerr»d f^r tstereat oa Beads a=d
\tzrrs3f ao.jr: a
Reo*rr»-l frsia i-1 otier foarres l.!3,3C .»
Total Xacotse CKiXT O
: Net as=cc5t paii fir Fire •««¦>• C6.JC 3
¦ Paid cr *i:«yw«d for f~~— ~ ¦»»»— < --
Brc«era*- „ SU.i*S J*
i Paid for SaiariM. Fwa. a=d <rtier
\ ct«res tur of£e«rs. eierkj. etc IKJS3 c
I P»M far St»:«. X*:i:=a: a=d I>eca:
1 UIW S0.3M3*
• AU oea«r ;iy— --=:j aad ex^eadlrsrsa ita.d jx
Total ET7«=i:r:r?» '. cTctJTis
r FJr- Jcssws l=<r=rr~i -J-rrtrr* Oa j»ar. r*S.«T 3
' RtsSu aad Pr»=i-r=t3. FIr« R'sxa. . ?r»— l-isu.
I N*t *=oc3: cf F_j»*
1 writes &£r*=« ti*
rear tcir;.;'t ; n.r^.rxs o
EN«t ¦¦?¦*¦. wt» of Risks
erptred wi—^i tie
1 r«*-- i =3.ir.t4s: vr^.«3r:
Net aarest ta fcrc»-
c^=>f r-ifl? ' =^^rt.Tn ' rcxain
OZXTF_WUS. Pr^sTt.
ELVio. BRING, S«c"y
5ci«rrfi*^ mad r»cr= ta i*J.;re ni* »)m» teti
&lj cr i!a-x rxa. gctjm. ajgssapx
Xotarr Pisiic
EDWARD BROWN & SONS,
GENERAL AGENTS,
411-413 California Street.
|lC^^|k Saa Frxac^cx Any. Si. 3C*
To YTicc: I: Mi; Cc=c«-3:
T Ttia Is t? certify Cai I 5ar»
'b(» a fe*e"3 »ofrert2X fcr w»r-»ral y*ar»
fL* y p»st firota .-itjir'r-Iifr*^ 5? ¦rrrae'r.
i^^ Uiei Aa*t fc'ia^x*. la advitticTr.
. I teca=e a:=c»t tctally fclia.*!
•{IzHPUV J *** t-^* ear- of t. 1 :*
I *#^a*JJ» dry fcr aisCTit tir-e y-ar, I
was act becefftffi ta ti* I*aat fer te-tr -rea-t
= <f=t - J- 11 *'* t** 3 i=«ier ti* tr-*Ts>es: .if Dr
W==« W». TM-« nay «r~t. for -Js* faj - jj,
we*«3. aad ticc^i I as now Tt y»ar» of »z» m T
cf tie «at=aca. aad I f-*J as w-U *VaTa5
U=ie <i=rt=« tie rass tea y*ar».
JO3. E. VTATXW3.
*3 Tbtnl nr~t. & p., CaJ:
, . .. . JKuses. NlUarf tai£*a.
dyers, gummliai. fjaaiiri*s. laaattrtes. ipZ
hasgura. prtater*. paisters. *a.-e faczsr!*«. »t».
bletraes. tar-rocfers. taa=«fr». tai^jrs. etc
BL'CifANA.% BRO-..
Brush Macnfacturer?. gCO Sacr3tncnt3 SJ.
IA/. T. HESS.
JCMAT ?CJiI3 AJJ ATTaiSXT-AT-ii:r.
Testa Fleer. Rscn an*. CZazs 5pr»cSrf» 51*2.
Tel-pfccn* Brows SIL *^
Residence, d CaltTarsla tt.. beio-w Pu»«iL.
STATEA\ENT
— CF THS—
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
AMERICAN FIRE
INSURANCE COMPANY
Of fh:l.*dei-phia. re the stats or
P<?acsyli»aJa. ca ti»» XLsz day of I>ec«ts»-
t«r, .\. Z>. 1S33. *=d far t>-# y»r -=»il=« ca tiat
' <lay, «s d»vi* t.j the Insurance Ccdsslasiccer of
ti« Star* cf CaH^rcra. p-irsca=: r^ the pr>-
n«tcea cf s«r:ion» Hi «=«i *tl cf ti« PQlllSr*:
; C<>1*. .Tca.:en*f»i u per b'.aj=i ruriisii«l ty vi«
¦ Cccn=i3stati*r.
CArrrAt^
i Atrcust ef Ca;lta! Stcck. ;*:4 cp ta
; C»sa CS.3M a
ASSETS. "^ ~~~ ~^
: Re*I Eitat- rir=*4 ty OmitfllJ WM.«51 7*
I Lc*E3 on Bbafii *=d iljrt?aj?» liti^rr: Tl
'< Cash Uariwt Vali* cf aU Htflcks
aaJ Bos«l5 cr»-e»l ty Ccspasj' ?;•? I»". S
| Aaooat of Lca» *ec^u™<J by pl«-iy»
[ of Bob<1». stcwrSts. as-i -:;*r siar-
i ketatil* »«ccritle» as ocliai*ral SI 130 *r
! Cash la Ccrtspaay's Ofice *.:« '3
CasS ta &»iis I3.3S3 «
[ tit»r^st ¦in.* a='i acrru»d oa »I!
i Stocks asd L«can3 C 3
: Iat»r^9t i!a» a=>l accrMei ca Bc=.is
| aad Mc;r:**y-s 15.435 «
' Pre:ni^=s ta i^e Ccur«< cf Ccllectioti EJ.'XJ U
B'ils receivable, aot Manrsi. taken
tor Ftre aaJ Marine Rm'*». gron-it
r^-ts. -«reli »«rar«Ti n ~" <»
R?at3 -iu* »-•< *ccra«I i.i-53 O
Tctal Assets CCS.U1 11
u.\BiLrrn3.
Lcs»!-« aii^jstwl and unpaid JCm W
Lcaaes t= srecess of A4J^ut2re=t or
: ta Sas^eta* EXITS 14
Lrssw resisted. Iscl-dxs* ei?e=s«... 1533 72
i Gross crs=ii~r=3 ca Fire ?..•<« rrs-
r-i-y ;n« y»ar cr Iras. r-iT T. " id;
! rvtssorisc* i) p*r «at 4S3.^I Sa
Grcss ;r*=-.tur=s ca Ftr? Risits ma-
ci=« =ore tiaa c=e year. OC-
»34 Oi: wlnwmwra pro rata 433. UJ n
Abou:: rwU:r:ab;» by ti« t=snr«J
c= p»r7*t"-ial Fli» Insurance poilcie* 5O.S3 *4
Ccmiais=io:=a 1=<1 Broli#ra*» d3* a=d
to fceconie die I3.X0 CS
Tccal LtaSClties tUTSZ.Z-yi C
IXCO1TEL ~ '
[ Xet casls mctsa^y receMr-e fir Fir*
> pr«n:iT::=a CXiiC JJ
Net c*»a mct^xV.7 recetx»«l fcr ?r--
mi-oais co p*rjenal RUks ».« 34
p.*— •.-.¦*¦! fcr tatereat ca Eccds aad
liortsa**s K :~ 53
i Received for tot^rest aarf irrtvlra,**
I ea Eoaiis. Stocks. Lrass. asd frna
i all oth«r *acrce» «X«B>3 It
R^ceive-t fcr R*=t» ».U8 <O
Receiied frees all ctlwr acurcv* _ 1.J53 u
Total laccc* -...n.HtK3 it
E*PEN-rrrtTKss. ===
: V^t «=<7Ti3t r*id f--r Fire L»c«5e«
! itactaiir? HSI.ru :«. I-^ssm cf pr»-
' Tlacs F«ars> tC'SUN
P-imstt prenit==is r-tTim#4 tT.XU M
Dtitdecd* t» Si^ciiso:-i-rs ?;.:<<; ;o
i Paid ¦¦ allowed far Cciniraisatoa or
Btnkeris^ riUT Pi'
: Pat«i fcr Salzrif. Fer». *=d otier
caar?e» BB* cf2c«r». clert«. etc *) » r
P»M for Sta:r. Xatirsal. aad Local
tax-* W.K2 C
1 VII oti*r paynw-ta aid erp«=d-
ttsrw HT.MS54
Total Expe:uiit=r*s &&T33 M
Fir* Icsw-a tarorred tatBS ti« r«r. J3T4.LM >;»
Bisks as<! Pre=i:3=s. j Fire ?. «xj ; Pscraj.
N»t anrooct of Risks
w-rfMen darta^ tie'
year j Cttl«.W CU32.«T 3
X«t aiacust cf RIsksi
exrtred darfcry thst
yvar ¦ iz3.yv.zr: t.»Ti.ta m
N#t tsoiQt ta fore*!
I>ceti»b*r H. IS35 ! V^TT.S: tSM.SC 13
THO5. H. MONTGOJfSRT. Pres't. !
RICH-D MARIS. S^rTy.
SuSscrttwd and nwon to 6ef sr» ts-. tils I3tS
<UX cf January. EW. H. F. REARTXJX.
Nacary Puilic
EDWARD BROWH & SONS,
GENERAL AGENTS,
411413 California Street*
f *t 7."Si:Ljc3. Ci'.
LADD'S GUN STORE,
•^corfs. Tie larr»st »?cr*
the PaciSc Cca.?t of tt-ry deacrtpt&m. Senrt j
«sts ta postar? for tie latest 3»Vc*r-
t:i-astra:e«i cacalcjrse. x». <
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters!
|S A GREAT RESTORATIVE. tXVIGORA-
tcr asd NerrtBe.
Toclc far ta* cexnaJ Orna f<rr botiS .eiW
Tt* J^xlras r«ai*.iy f5r Dlaeaaea of Us* Kid-
iwys aa.1 BUrWer. S*ria «n Us owa =*rft*.
XABER. ALFS A BRl"XE. A*-n»-
S3 ITariii «t-. S. F-— iSead far f?-— r- lr j
A Two Days' Sale, ' $5.00 Pnoto- •gfggS PUH>tfb^i3 i&fl Lre -' s 75c2::i Millinery Specials.
Boys' Vestee Suits, ~-^ 5 iiiL t^la^tgiyi^ 5"o €««:- J V fTri==ed E»s.
These prettv new- \J^a !tHP? £"? «. = er; .° Tir .- #1 bematiftLj
Suits for boys 3 to 3 «rrow paly, caufoksu-s LAacEsr-A.nEKCA-5 caooEsr stoce. -t3w=t3. -«%^^-^/ f *-
rik2?&^? p . shot Cu " s ' $5 ' 83 ' l Anothsr Bfg Sa!e <£s*i> «
iShJ^Il o ?&\ T*p S stry Squares. <^^^ T £U^
co'la- or with de« **z\ sesfca =«! i£o 3 d»j. j W* s^.-ed 3»o* thea tiiatise, arsry M^ ..** rftS<«fc>w«
FaHor coT«t - Ktf e ' ?^^ & e= *' fet^^fi 1 tak " ? * cs h ' •* a T *- T P**! th*r are • f &air. =^* '^
vests th*s ooe^ eith-r px caoxe bore, 12-^^. j 2 4-fcch sqiir-." cf «tt« fabrics. J?^LA ' Si » Terj t9lZ
fa frost or baek -will I »>-»-ch best fa -z*i stee fearryL pates: satin dssaska. OrUnt^ tapenrr, i = i- «s=er. eal-
tecas^c'a! sa'e FrI- e^ 5 tor * « b ,^ !a ? '««* dra?- T eTer tatfca TOoL .t^jaj tbe |^f a « rs =^--7
clos^ti.e.at 3 S top,: specially Price. f:r t.h da 7 1^
&C* tiiat. .-_ $5.83 30C tO 60 2 Each. Ia:;*.b«I« ? lire KnUtei^fi
fe r/»e Broken Lines cf Men's 5^ 7 S5c
__ $12,50 and $!5 Fa/1 Suits Now :::: —
Fridav Sparirl Sai* Being Closed Out at $3.35. Road To-Day>* offerings.
Linen Bureau Scarfs. Thi3 i maO rtant sale of Men's Clothing began yesterday. At the very G "ccgrfos antf Lquors.
BfjfoV 0^ 2 Jr Mo ? ;* Liaea Btoji j begiiminsr of the season we find oar Fall acd Winter stock of M»n's A=» k*ro*oar 'i=-» Bott«r *a'es
!K^li?a!SE£2i! ? /^- !S« Cloauag saiy bmke^fii^ bny ero^k. so o^- bnyer is zot Em: rcpfas^t* [ M-lay: fa^er &na-^ 3x::-~ — -
r?gu ar wh>.e«ale ta ae tad tfei to j tfe . |toc^ a3li tefor , lhj srriT3 , of oar 36Cc . d PiI! a , d :he , e i c : ar j.^, ,™^ c2 t- .. iT " >ff -
top«rcfc« : r,t»^j at ip»J» | brrk5 , Ihw CT;t 75; t^dredicf gfa^.a^d dwhti-breistai «ck eoitniV. olaia ! err 1. .'. '"*' * ' 44C
The ot i===a ?3 b-th rtanrprd aad ; terns; all «iaim tie a^ortaent; «pl«d:d nh« at H!15ya 3 .i O« ~
T !a-a icarft^aoae opea war* c=e; , $L5 eaeh theT a . 3 th> fcwS of a; the c ! eir i^-c3t cri'-e *^*^ teportea S«-diri«.s, », :-i:. 1-4 cxawiti
snea: ta?n-i!l nir* E»H wta i _: ® * <>-; :c-i\?. 3 tins for 253
A Friday Saloof I S/.SO, *2.OO, 52.SO ?^^22^S^SSS
prfei . fjr»h!vda.Toa r T F eac"!.. a%J5 j men's OUSpennerS* R >naiSSancc Lice J*"»* «o^l Jeiles-L;^r>. si^^nd?.
! Were bi?a thi • /r~> . Scarfs for 89C. &*£•*;* -7 ?"i. & m: 9 -. 7 i l.ptrml
Tftrstso baaac- of a, £J?v 'Mv Oawottii v*-y bes: LidieV X c'tTrear > r z ** : . i '-£ 200
;$^ _, *"»-» e naasfic:irer"s JT?k^ A** btrrj tiaS the b z at -.re ever =iie. a { ta £ rea Ouster?— Upoxod tin*; t.?-d^
§? Decanters, \ ih? le!: 0Tir #pij\ hff^ Tnriaa&nb bt«f ml haaisai- iT 3 . cw I--- 25O
<^> /7t. r^a last 3 ?a- Nf^TY W« RaMmaaei Lie. Swfiw tti» nwtfi ; '^P*^ - Bai P«r: Tip.o.-a; to-isr. S
?* n. a'l of tHe= 'iv Y1Y7 jj =os: ce;irab.estT!«; =sade ost cf frsa- t»5?' I= *t! £?OO
fW* bo-J£"a: for ess i ws \ ,-,£, (f 5k \jy t] dation of wiait b'os-ie rst. in crea= Md(> - r. =? .:rrr3 Saxos; :o-J*t. 7 b«r*
thin hi f f *•!- ac- ; hVi g-ai* » -b- ' (JJ |4 * viite. 150 b all; wanh |!.5..\ S2.C0 r :v — ~ . t *.25c
toatVites 23.> >/- : b.c-'. 'Iifytr. H* /% jV aad 52.50 eica;*::! beef -r-d o « tO.fes-Ocr fa =3-3 Jit* ra! ITxha;
tatioa <n--ga?3 D-- j wort k f rota h* f S £5 on Pridiy 03I7; cioire for.... OijC \ ":e M".»r: :". 2;ci:i< S1.OD
O^X^^^l W^0m mm S ** Comforters. 98,. WSSggSg*^^
tj. ¦ m %* ; /7 C 29 3^ w v - --e-Tirsai!* ar.i^e; ca i;«ciil sale ¦ .
• Third Aisle— RI?h: cf Entrar.ee. ' Friday 03 y. each 98 C \ OmnpiOO %»h.'sV«%— V.-n q^j^ bet: e»
f^SS?^ [ Sanchez & Haya '>Bii» Cigars, J£^^iS^
SOT. L'di-VEapirjSiel-Bici Co=bs. ia TO-ilay Ufiiy, O 7OJ* sCSC t-» :=;or:*i i^i»r. -*- i;r.52.S5
6 «' '¦• :are l s *-y ie^ 2°°^ -»?i?a-. jhe Reina Victoria size — oce of the most popular brands of toi:ed Stat ** BottJed Beer-p 4i « :
rJsc^aV.viKi" clear Havana £ej West Cigars thai is made. This specially cut ; ;Sggfe.!^gS5ggg
each I .'.. IOC price IS for FridlV only. i Hain F!ccr— P^ar.
THE E^dPOBIXTiL
THE ESPORTOKI.
THE E3LPORTC2I.
THE EiLPOBIirai.We may expect to see the polltax collector vigor
ously abroad again in the land. Assessor Dodge,
according to a decision of the Superior Court, is en
tiiled to 15 per cent of the collections.
Tra consniiiers are unnecessarily alarmed because
there has been a tremendous lo.«s to the tta crop of
Japan. Dealers wiil probably see to it that we con
tinue to receive our customary brands and mialitv
. .. . ... -¦ •-" "¦•-' - '
\ srtue 1? generally in a name, anyway.
1 cilicnt of protecting his tongue by acctisrng the
pens of his interviewers. The young man Mvears that
he has bridled his opinions to the extent of not criti
c : ,7 : ,np: Dewcy except in praise.
Lieutenant Hobson has resorted to the usual e\-
Hardly any movement of this marvelous century
has had a more wonderful history than that which has
brought about the upbuilding of the Young Men's
Christian Association in all parts of the world. Fifty
six years ago the first association of the kind was
organized in London by a young man who was at that
time engaged as a clerk in a merchant's office.
From that small beginning the association has ex
panded to every part of the globe and has augmented
in power until it is now recognized as one of the most
REPORTS given of the second annual banquet
last evening of the boards of management of
the Young Men's Christian Associations of this
city and of Oakland will have the effect of calling the
attention of the general public to the flourishing con
dition of the two institutions and to the high order o l
the work they are doing. By means of that the banquet
will be profitable to the community as well as pleas
ant to those who attended it, for it can hardly be
doubted that much in the way of profit will be de
rived from the reawakened interest in the associa
tions.
THE Y. M. C. A. BANQUET.
An interesting legal battle is likely to
grow out of an incident that recently took
place on a Santa Fe passenger train. A
young man, 21 years of age, says the St.
Joseph News, presented the return cou
pon of a child's half-r:ite ticket for trans
portation from San Francisco to Kansas
City. He had bought the ticket eleven
years ago, it was unlimited as to time,
and he claimed the right to use the ticket
on his return trip. TUo railroad officials
on the other hand, argued that as it was
a half-rate ticket, good for a child under
12 years, of age, he, a man of 21. could
not ride on it. The contract on the back
of the ticket did not specify that tne child
was to stop growing, however, and now
the question is. Can tlie young man com
pel the railroad to carry him on that
ticket?— Kansas City Journal.
A "CHILD'S TICKET."
WASHINGTON, Sept. 27.-R. Robertson
of Santa Cruz, K. B. Dulnan, M. K. Cun
ningham, Thomas F. Boyle and wife and
Miss Mina Boyle of San Francisco are at
the EbWitt House. J. W. Williams of Al
dura, Joseph Regh of San Jose and J. F.
Moffltt of San Francisco are at the St;
James. James MJ Bear of San Francisco
is at the Metropolitan. O. C Brown of
Hanford and H. J. Fox of Lemoore are at
the Shoreham.
CALIFORNIANU IN WASHINGTON
x Such is a specimen story of the way in which the
law of the United States is used for fraudulent pur
poses. The extortion of the Canadian authorities in
the Klondike country is bad, but has never reached
such monstrous proportions as the wholesale looting
that is apparently going on at Nome. The miners on
that desolate coast are too far away from the national
capital to make their complaints heard there, but
persons in California are not too far away to be
heard, and they should sec to it that the facts are
brought to the attention of members of Congress in
order that a basis may be laid for impeaching the
Judge who has used his court Tor the purpose of pro
moting what has every appearance of being deliber
ate robbery.
The writer goes on to tell how two partners had
procured four claims in one of the richer districts, and
adds: "Before the papers were made out the claims were
placed in the hands of a receiver, the rightful owner
dispossessed; the receiver takes charge in collusion
with the jumper, buys expensive machinery that some
one could not use on the beach at an advantage, hires
forty or fifty men,. and commences to loot the claim
at an expense of $6oo or $700 a day. Mind you, no
work had ever been done on the claim until the grafc
crs had taken possession of it. Such a situation as
exists here would never have been tolerated one day
in any other mining camp that I have been in. I have
about given up trying to buy anything here this sea
son, believing fully that I woufel be robbed of my
property should I be so unfortunate as to sluice out
a dollar or two."
One of the leading business men in the city has re
ceived a letter from a reliable correspondent at Nome,
in which the writer says: "Things here are in very
bad shape owing to litigation. The grafters from the
East have formed a combination to steal every good
mine in this section of the country and have in their
possession all of them that are rich and are being
operated. Just as soon as a poor devil opens, up a
mine and gets to taking out money a jumper turns
up and the master goes into court; the court appoints
a receiver— one of the push, of course — and the claim
falls into the hands of the combination, and the re
sult is like a snowball falling into h ."
ONLY a short time ago The Call had occasion
to publish a report of the manner in which the
Federal court at Nome has been used to en
able a clique of unscrupulous men to get possession
as "receivers" of a considerable proportion of the best
mining claims in the district. The reports were based
upon reliable information, and have, been amply con
firmed by statements from other sources. It is there
fore clear that an evil of great magnitude exists in the
administration of the law at Nome and that the whole.
Pacific Coast should exert its influence at Washington
to have the evils abated and the wrong redressed.
JUDICIAL CUTRAGE f\T NOME.
A CHANCE TO SMILE.
Costigan— Casey hasn't drank a tlhrop
since he took out the "accident policy."
Cassidy — Whoy ?
Costigan — He sez he's noticed thot It's
always sober men thot gita hurted. —
Judge.
What the young doctor needs first is to
find a sign painter who can paint him a
new sign that will look as if it had been
exposed to the weather for about fifteen
years.— Somerville Journal.
"Penelo?>e wants to go to a convent."
"Unrequited love?"
"No; she says she Is just dead tired of
having to make her shirt waist and skirt
stay together."— Indianapolis Journal.
"Xo," said the Industrious man. "I
aldn t get much encouragement in my
talk about a holiday. I met my employer
just as he was coming home laden with
golf sticks and various other kinds of lug-
Rage, and accompanied by his family of
four girls and a small boy. 1 told him I
thought I needed a rest."
"What did he do?"
"He looked a* me hard for half a min
ute and then exclaimed, 'I" don't see whv
you should want a rest. You haven'*t
been away on any vacation.' "—Washing
ton Star.
;'H*W1U you give It up now?" demanded
the scorpion, administering another sting.
"Never!" shrieked the centiped, com
ing rack at its antagonist gamely.
"Never, while I have a leg to stand on."
—Chicago Tribune.
"Well, that caps the climax."
"What's that?"
"Cook says those folks In that little
house on the corner came over while we
were gone and had their photographs
taken sitting on our veranda."—Indianap
olis Journal.
Xodd— This modern American life is all
wrong. Too much hurry. I have just
taken a quiet, retired nook in the "country,
whore a man can have absolute rest.
Todd — How far away?
Nodd— That's the beauty of the place.
Only forty minutes from my office.—Har
per's Bazar.
They were out driving and the young
man was holding the lines with one hand.
"Sweetheart." he whispered, as the
mocn went behind a cloud, "I wish I had
arms like— like— "
"Like Fltzsimmons?" she asked.
"Xp!" he exclaimed. "Like an octo
pus!"—Chicago Tribune.
Every girl should learn some useful oc
cupation and cultivate habits of industry
when she is young. She may have to sup
port a husband some day.— Somerville
Journal.
HARD TO PLEASE.
"Well?"
"Mrs. Brown moved away because our
neighborhood watched everything she
v A .P. 1 Mrs ' Jones moved away because
she didn t get attention enou<rji."—Indian
apolis Journal.
McJigger— That was a sly dig Criteek
gave Cribber about his new book ur " eeK
Thingumbob— Why, Cribber has been
boasting about Criteek's very flatterinir
comment upon it.- <='»«»s
o J i r ,5u lRse £~? es : he was *°o deep for
Cribber. Criteek told him there were
some things In It that were decidedly
original and some others that were very
clever.— Philadelphia Press. *
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
WATER IN SAN FRANCISCO-S., City.
About eighty gallons per day, per Indi
vidual Is the present consumption of;
water ln San Francisco.
HALLOWEEN-H.. Monterey, Cal. An
extended account of Halloween and the
superstitions connected therewith may be
found In the second volume of Chambers'
"Book of Days."
RED CROSS SOCIETY— S. R., Washing
ton. The Red Cross Society of San Fran
cisco, which was organized during the
Spanish-American war, did not dissolve.
It has remained in existence ready for ac
tive work if occasion requires it to do
such work. Mrs. W. B. Harrington is tho
president.
UTAH VOLUNTEERS— H.. Sonoma
County. Cal. If you desire Information,
about a relative who enlisted ln the Utah
Volunteers for the Spanish-American war
address a communication to the War De
partment, Washington. D. C. glv« ig
name, regiment and company in which
the party enlisted.
CARE OF A CANARY— B.. City. If
you have a canary that has been neglect
ed, has become despondent and will not
sing, you should call on a bird fancier
who will advise you what should be done.
A newspaper cannot give general direc
tions in such a case any more than in
cases of human beings. Certain condi
tions affect the birds, and it requires an
examination by one versed in such mat
ters. Any bird fancier will procure for
you a booklet on the care of the canary.
SILVER AND ALLOY— I., City. A
United States silver dollar weighs 412H
grains. It contains 371V* grains of pure
metal and 31U alloy to harden the same.
The alloy used in the United States mints
Is copper, and the mint valuation placed
on the copper Is 2 cents per ounce To
ascertain th* market value of the silver
in a Lnited States dollar or in a Mexican
dollar, which contains 375 grains of puro
silver, see the market value of silver in
1 he Call s commercial reports and make
the calculation, as the price of silver fluc
tuates.
A PREFIX-D. A. C, City. The abbre
viation "Hon." precedes the nams of Su
preme Court Judges and all of the Judges
down to those of the court of common
pleas. In using the abbreviation "Hon
if the given name of the party addressed
is known, it is not necessary io use ih a
prefix "Mr."; if the given name Is not
known to the writer, then "Mr." may be
used. The same applies to a clergyman
and the use of "Rev." The superscrip
tion on an envelope directed to the witt
of a Lord should be "To Lady " (thra
follows the name. as. for Instance. Lady
Hesketh, and tho location to which the
letter is sent). «
WEDDING INVITATIONS-Subscriber.
City. A writer on etiquette on the sub
ject of Invitations to weddings says: "Ia
yitatior.s are all sent from the bruJe'3
family, no matter whether they are per
sonally acquainted with the friends of the
sro S m . or not - Tho reception of such
cards from strangers should occasion no
surprise if the gentleman Is known to the
party receiving the invitation. No answer
is necessary. People living at a distance
receiving invitatons- to attend the we-i
dlng, also an at home card. Inclose their
cards by mail. Those who cannot attend
either send or leav<< their cards with the
hostess within a few days alter the wed
ding.
The five Filipinos who have reached Berkeley will
of course be welcomed with the hospitality to which
strangers in our land rre entitled, but there will be no
trreat eagerness among the taxpayers of California to
fee realized the expectation that the five are to be the
"forerunners of a lartre company."
In conclusion we repeat what we said before: "We
have in our n:idst about seven millions and a half of
illiterate negroes, our former slaves and their
descendants, and as many more illiterate whites of our
o.vn race. These are the lees in the wine of our civil
ization, and there be philosophers who say that we
ha\e no need to capture islands «even thousand miles
away to educate at our expense while there is such a
goodly number of our own people who don't know
I' from a bulUfoot."
If the United States :'s to undertake educating Fili
pinos it csn best perform the task by treating them
with justice in thri: home?/ and proving in the islands
themselves the difference between the civilization of
Spain and that of the United States. If our rule in
the Elands is to be so much like that of the Spanish
that it will be necessary to send students'to Berkelev
i". order to teach them that a difference exists, we
might as well abandon the educational project alto
gether.
California i« a rich commonwealth, and her people
:;re noted for liberality. Nevertheless as the State is
as yet undeveloped there is a home demand for every
dollar the taxpayers can spare from their earning?.
Berkeley does not as yet possess a plant equal to its
needs. It lias more ?tuder.ts than it can .veil provide
for i:i the classrooms and the laboratories of any of
its departments. Under such circumstances it is
surely unwise for the Philippine Commissioners to
start toward Berkeley a stream of Filipino student-,
whether they require assistance from the public funds
or not.
Five Filipino boys, the first of the number who arc
to be sent here in accord with the policy of Professor
Moses, have arrived ;:t Berkeley. It is not yet made
known whether they arc among the lot who are to be
r.»Mste<l out of the public funds, but it has been an
nounced that they are expected to be "the forerunners
of a large company." and it is a safe conclusion that
i-oontr or later we shall be asked for the grant of
money for educating some of them.
Th< protest of The Call was based upon two
grounds — nri-t. that we can hardly placate an angry
and subjugated people by educating a few students:
second, that we have at home about as many boys and
girls to educate as the taxpayers of the State can well
afford to provide education for, and in addition
thereto have amon<j tht negroes and the whites of the
Southern States many millions of illiterates who r.eed
all the help the nation can give.
Wf HEN the firs-t publication was given to the rc
port of Professor Moses of the Philippine
Commission suggesting the advisability of
tending young Filipinos to California to be educated
The Call protested. In his report Professor Moses
"i-Yoni observations already inade I am in
clined to think that we shall find among the young
people of the islands a large number of eager an.l
competent students, tr.d I hope some arrangement
may be r.iade by which from time to time a goodly
number may be sent to the schools of America. It
r.i;ty perhaps be advi -able to render some of them as
tbtance from the public funds."
EDUCATING FILIPINOS.
J. L. Montaneau of Boston Is a guest
at the Palace. Mr. Montaneau's arrival
was hastened by an accident near Lake
Tahoe. A bone became lodged in his
throat, but as there was no surgeon
handy he chartered a special steamer,
which made connections with a stage that
took him to Truckee, and then he came
overland post haste to this city, where the
bor.c was removed with very little diffi
culty.
William H. Mills, land agent of the
Southern Pacific, is on his way to San
Francisco, after an extended stay ln the
East. He left Chicago yesterday and is
expected to arrive here Monday. J. C.
Stubbs, third vice president of the South
ern Pacific, is expected nome from the
East Saturday or Sunday.
Mr. and Mrs. W. G. Newman, Miss Mar
ion Newman and Miss Ilattie Lowry are
guests at the P.alaee, arriving yesterday
from Mr. Newman's country home at
Mount Athos, Somerset, Va. Mr. New
man is a capitalist of New York.
Mr. and Mrs. Fra.ncls Gay are back
from their Eastern trip and have taken
apartments at the Occidental prior to re
turning to their home in Honolulu. Mr.
Gay is a wealthy planter.
John Sparks, who has large cattle
ranches in Nevada and who also owns
cotton plantations in Texas, is in the city
for a few days, making his headquarters
at the Grand.
Mrs. Sarah E. Reamer, retiring presi
dent of the Pacific Coast Women's Press
Association, will be tendered a dinner at
the Occidental next Thursday.
E. O. Lindsley of Portland, accompanied
by his wife, is staying at the Occidental
for a few days.
Mrs. A. K. Rickert of Shasta, who built
the railroad from Stockton to Jamestown
three years ago, is a guest at the Lick.
Revenue Agent B. M. Thomas Is back
from a tv.'o months' trip through South
ern California.
F. N. Smith and wife, B. S. Smith and
Miss Rachael Smith, all of England, are
at the Palace.
Fred Dodd, a hotel man at Fresno, is in
the city for a few days and is staying at
the Lick.
O. Y. Woodward of Woodward Island,
capitalist and mining man, is at the Lick.
R. J. Billou and family of San Jose are
at the Grand.
M. P. Stein and wife of Stockton are at
the California.
George E. Goodman, a banker of Napa,
is at the Lick.
P. D. Charlebois. a merchant of Ven
tura, Is at the Lick.
Isaac Bird of Merced, a large rancher, is
stopping at the Grand..
Judge Koss of the United States Circuit
Court is at the Palace.
J. G. Scott, manager of the Lick Paper
Mills, is at the California.
Professor A. V. Babine of Stanford Uni
versity, Is at the California.
C. A. Canfield, a prosperous oil man at
Los Angeles, is at the Palace.
G. K. Kennedy, a big iron manufacturer
at Livermore, is at the Grand.
Colonel and Mrs. Mason W. Mather of
Plumbago are at the Occidental.
Judge Henry L. Bensen of Klamath
Falls, Or., is a guest at the Grand.
PERSONAL MENTION.
IN AUGUST, 1896.
FOUR years ago millions of dollars in
American Bold were being shipped abroad.
The reserve fund was running- low. Not
long before the Government had borrowed
$100,000,000 by Issuing 4 per cent bonds.
Money lenders had no funds to accommo
date Industry. Gold coin had all but dis
appeared. It was said that Russia had in
her treasury $.200,000,000 In American eagles.
IN AUGUST, 1900.
HENRY Labouchere Is credited with hav
ing said that there was no good reason why
the United States should not do the bank
ing for all the world. England has just
borrowed £5,000,000, or $25,000,000. of its
war loan in the I'nlted States. The Rus
sian finance minister. r>e Wltte. has de
cided to borrow JloO.OCO.OQO from American
financiers, and Japan is contemplating a
loan.
This is not the first time that public attention has
been attracted to the fraudulent practices of Mar
shals and constables in making arrests solely for the
purpose of getting fees. Nor are they the only offi
cials to be blamed, for in many cases Justices of the
Peace have co-operated with them. Such practices
were bad enough when tramps were the victims of the
arrests and the profit was made out of the pockets of
taxpayers, but when the evil goes so far that respec
table workingmen are halted on the highway and vir
tually robbed by the officers .of the law, it is high time
for some drastic measure of reform to be instituted.
The climate of California is attractive to tramps
and the State has always been infested by them.
Consequently the law gave a large authority to con
stables to arrest tramps, and public opinion generally
sustained the arrests. As a result the constables and
Justices soon found there was money to be made out
of the tramp industry, and. as has been said, in some
counties the officers actually encouraged tramps by
giving them a share of the profits made out of the
fees for arresting th?m. The later development of
stopping honest men • on the road and compelling
them to surrender their money to avoid arrest and
detention carries the evil to the degree of flagrant
crime, and where evidence of such extonions can b*
obtained the guilty officers should be subjected to
the fullest penalty of the law.
The Reno man, who signs his name R. Livingstone
and who appears to have had a good deal of expe
rience in such matters, declares in his letter that every
Marshal or constable in the interior counties compels
workingmen who are found traveling on foot to give
up money. He, states that on one occasion he un
dertook to walk froiri Los Angeles to this city and
on the way had to give up $12 75 to Marshals. The
Marshal at Bakersfield offered. to. give. him $2 to be
arrested. He took the money and was sentenced to
sixty days. The jailer' let- him out the same evening,
telling him they had no money for his grub. He was
arrested again at Provo and taken back to Bakers
field, where he was sentenced to thirty days. The
Marshal got his mileage, the Judge his fee and Liv
ingstone got thirty-six hours, as the jailer would not
keep him longer. "Every Marshal," wrote Living-
Stone, '"is good for from $1 to $5 and whisky is
thrown in as a. further inducement to be arrested, so
the officer can get the mileage and the Judges their
fees. It is the only State in the Union where labor
ing men who are forced to walk from place to place
are made the tools of Marshals and constables. 1
could give you the names of a hundred laboring men
who will corroborate my charges."
I — ; OLLOWING the report, in the press of. the
I manner in which a workingman while on his
way to Vallejo on foot had been virtually held
t'P by a constable at Port Costa and compelled tc
surrender his watch and- money comes a statement
from a man in Reno who asserts that he also had
been subjected to a similar extortion by the Port
Costa officer.
LOOTING THE ..WAYFARER
FRIDAY SEPTEMBER 28, 1900
JOHN D. SPRECKELS. Proprietor.
Address A! Communications to W. S. LEAKE. Manager.
V IVAKEH'S OFFICE Telrpbane Prc»« 2O*
IHuiTlC\%T^x"oFI^IC^.TrBIirrU^^nJ Third. !«. V~.
Telephone Prexa 201.
rilliiilllU. IIOOM* 217 to 221 Stevenson St.
Telephone Press 2O2.
PHIrcred hy farrier*. 15 Cents Per Week.
Single Coi»leP..n Cent*.
Terms fcjr Mnll, Inrlmlin^ Pontneci
Patj.t call (teetadtac BaaOmr), one y«*ar J6.00
PAH.T CAXX <!nchidinK Sunday), « months 3.00
DAILY CAT.L (tnrludinn Sunday*. 3 months l.M
DAtt,V CALL— By Shipi* Month Kio
PVJCDAT <'A»J.. One Year 1.50
UEEKLY •¦AIJ., One War 1.00
All poKtmaMtern «ire antliorlxrd to receive
snttftCrlptfona,.
Parr.pl* copies will b» forwanW when requested.
Mail ruTveriherei In ordering rhauire of address should b»
parti<-u!ar to Elve both XK\V AMD OLD ADDRKSS in order
to insure a prompt end correct compliance with their request.
(•AliUM) OFFICE HIS Broadway
CROnnE C. KROONRSS.
Manager Foreign AdvertsHg. Marquette Budding* Chicago.
(Long Distance Telephone "Central IG1S.")
KEW TORK CORRESPONTKNT:
C. C. CAItl/TOX Herald Square
NEW TOUK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHCS II. SMITH .".0 Trllmne Ituilrilntr
KKW TORK X!*WS STANDS:
¦^a!fl"rf-A«or!a Hotel; A. Brentano. 51 Union Square;
Murray Hill Hotel.
CHICAGO :C"\VS STANDS:
Ffcermsn Houf*; P. O. News Co.; Great Northern Hotel;
Fremont House; Auditorium Hotel.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE. . . .14O0 G St.. X. W.
MOKTO* E. CRAKE, Correspondent.
nn WCII OFFICES r," Montgomery, corner of Clay, open
until P:3i o'clock. IW Have?, open until 9.35 o'clock. 633
McAllister open until ?:S0 o'clock. 615 Larkln. open until
S:20 o'clock. 1941 Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 2261 Market.
corner Fifteenth, open until 9 o'clock. 1C96 Valencia, open
urtil 9 o'aiork. Jf>« Eleventh, open until 9 o'clock. NW. cor-
VXX Twer.ty-Feccn<l and Kentucky, eppn until 9 o'clock.
Was ever a public man more thoroughly discredited
by events, and was pretended foresight ever more re
buked by the facts?
Just contrast these changed and improved condi
tions with his general and sweeping declaration made
at Minneapolis in 1896: "The gold standard means
dearer money; dearer money means cheaper prop
erty; cheaper property means harder times; harder
times means more people out of work; more people
out of work means more people destitute; more peo
ple destitute means more people desperate, and more
people d/spcrate means more crime."
In 1896 the deposits in the savings banks of this
country were $1,907,156,277. In 1899 they were
$2,230,366,954, an increase of $323,000,000.
In 1896 he said: "There can be no general prosperity
in this country until we stop the conspiracy of those
who would make gold the only standard of the
world."
In his speech of acceptance in Madison-square Gar
den in 1896 he said: '•Those who hold as permanent
investment the stock of railroads and other enterprises
are injured by the gold standard. The rising dollar
destroys the earning power of these enterprises with
out reducing their liabilities, and as dividends cannot
be paid until salaries and fixed charges have been sat
isfied, the stockholders must bear the burden. Rail
road rates have not been reduced to keep pace with
falling prices." ,
But the reports of the New York Produce Ex
change show that between 1873 and 1899 freight rates
fell 60 per cent, and Poor's Manual shows that the
dividends paid on railroad stocks in the United States
in 1806 were $81,528,154. while in 1898 they were
$94.Q37o-6; this was on the business of 1897 an in
crease of $13,000,000 over the year in which Bryan
uttered his frediction.
In 1896 the highest price of wheat in New York
was 68 cents a bushel; in 1900 it was Q2]/ 2 cents. In
like manner corn was 30 cents, now 47 cents; oats 2J
cents, now 28 cents; lard was 2>Vi cents, now 6.9 cents;
beef was $9 a barrel, now $12; Ohio XX wool was
17 cents, now 30^ cents; and silver, then 69 cents
an ounce, riovv 60 cents, about.
So the campaign takes the alignment of 1S96. The
sound money Democrats are again under arms. They
have organized a separate activity, have their advo
cates on the stump and are making again the same
effective fight they made four years ago. They sus
tain the gold standard law. declare it the indispensable
foundation of the public credit and of all the financial
reforms that are necessary to make a system that shall
be the proper instrumentality of all the people in their
business affairs.. Some favor and some oppose hold
ing the Philippines, but they hold that external is
sue in abeyance and refuse to permit it to be usel
as the means of instituting a domestic policy that will
again destroy our industries, check the rising tide of
prosperity, ruin business men and leave labor without
work or wages.
This swing to the issues of 1896 brings out Bryan's
prophecies of that year. He said repeatedly: "If
we have the gold standard prices are as certain
to fall as the stone that is thrown into the air. So
long as the scramble for gold continues prices muse
fall, and a general fall is prices is but another defini
tion for hard times."
The German Telegraph, organ of the German
population of Indiana, published at Indianapolrs,
which supported Bryan in 1896, denounced his sup
port of Populism as "an incredible folly." and declared
that "the lack of confidence and the apprehension
which will now be more strongly awakened 1 among
conservative voters will not be allayed until election
day." Even the New York World, which had been
giving Bryan a sort of perfunctory support, further
diluted it by denouncing the patent follies of his letter
of acceptance and exposing the risk and danger of his
financial policy. As far as the metropolitan press is
concerned the only "whole hog" support he gets is
from Hearst's three papers, and that is being broken
by republishing Hearst's "Nail the flag to the Philip
pines'" rant and his declaration that Democrats to
promote Democratic policies were compelled to vote
the Republican ticket.
THE campaign is swinging around again to the
money question. Colonel Bryan's unlimited
capacity for over-statement has seemed to de
stroy the force of the "paramount issue." Not con
tent to give the economic reasons against perma
nently holding the Philippines, he proceeded to paint
a lurid picture of imperialism, with an army of con
scripts. a vast military establishment riding and gall
ing the backs of the people, and a score of foolish and
fanciful things which were so overdrawn as to send
his hearers to examine the constitution and the struc
ture of their Government. There they found that the
purse and the sword are controlled by Congress, and
that a new House of Representatives is elected every
two years, coming directly from the people, and that
under the system of checks provided by the constitu
tion the House, in which all revenue bills must origi*
nate. has an absolute and unbreakable control of the
military and civil policy of the Government. They
found it is provided that appropriations for support
of the army can be for two years only, and that the
President and the Sciate are powerless as against the
popular branch of Congress. After this examination
they listened with less interest to Colonel Bryan's
frantic statement of the danger of imperial subversion
of their liberties and settled back upon the real issues
of the campaign, which they found to be exactly
those of 1806, except for aggravating additions made
by Colonel Bryan's indorsement of the Populist plat
form and acceptance of that party's nomination. Im
mediately the press which had been supporting began
to show defections. The Detroit Free Press, lead
ing Democratic paper of Michigan, abandoned him,
and in a stinging editorial rebuked the harm he had
done to anti-expansion, in which he believes, and
announced its opposition to his election and its in
tention to aid in his defeat.
PROGRESS OF THE CAMPAIGN.
UNCLE SAM'S CHANGED CONDITION.
PHILADELPHIA INQUIRER— It is
difficult to avoid the conclusion that the
Chinese policy of the German Government
has been adopted for the purpose of pro
viding Count von Waldersee with employ
ment proportioned to the Importance of
his military rank and to the radical posi
tion early assumed by the German Em
peror.
NEW YORK TIMES — A san« man who
pretends to desire the permanence of a
sound money system in this country cuts
a poor figure in advocating the- election
of Bryan.
CLEVELAND LEADER — Arbitrate.
Every American shouid preach that doc
trine until neither corporation nor labor
union anywhere ln the country shall dare
to go against It.
ST. LOUIS GLOBE-DEilOCRAT— An
increase of about 14,000,000 in the popula
tion of the United States ln ten years will
be shown by the census, and only 4.000.0»»
of the number Is due to immigration.
There need be no alarm about the Ameri
can birth rate.
OMAHA BEE— Whafs the matter with
Texas? Why can't Texas with Its bound
less resources and colossal wealth exhibit
some spirit of self-reliance? Texas has
expended f 3.000,000 on a Stat© Capitol
building. Why can't It spend as much
for rebuilding Galveston or at least re
building the dwellings of the homeless?
ST. LOUIS GLOBE DEMOCRAT— In
his first inaugural address President Lin
coln said: "The power confided ln me will
be used to hold, occupy and possess the
property and places belonging to the Gov
ernment." Bryan takes the opposite view
of the duty of a President. He has pledget!
himself, if elected, to call an extra ses
sion of Congress to give up some of the
territory of the United States.
JACKSONVILLE TIMES-UN10X-Be
ware the political Independent— let him
who has grievances state his case In the
grand council of his party and leave a
jury of his peers to award Justice. Stand
by the party and preserve the organiza
tion.
INDIANAPOLIS JOURNAL- Confidence
and gold are great friends. Every bod y
remembers how rare a sight of gold coin
was prior to 1S96. In fact, there was no
prold in circulation. As soon as Mr. Mc-
Klnley was elected it cam© out to Bhake
hands with confidence.
ROCHESTER DEMOCRAT AND
CHRONICLE— We do not hear much
nowadays about the pernicious actlvtty
of British gold in the United States. In
fact, the boot is on the other leg now, not
only as to England but as to other Euro
pean countries.
WASHINGTON POST— "We owe to our
selves and to humanity the duty of put
ting down and keeping down insurrection
in the Philippines and giving the inhabit
ants good government. No hasty exit H
possible, for it is simply Impossible for
this republic to bid for eternal infamy.
BALTIMORE HERALD — Governor
Roosevelt, unlike some of our public men,
Is not a seeker after epigrams. Ills rhe
toric i3 argumentative, not figurative. It
is not the aphorism— it is the "facts ' upon
which he bases his appeal to popular
judgment.
KANSAS CITY JOTJRNAtr-Wlth all
due respect to Mr. Bryan, the working
man will continue to prefer the full dinner
nail to the free soup bowl.
NEW YORK PRESS— If the American
people cannot show ln this election that
thc-y have learned to "stand prosperity"
they will not have completed the demon
stration of their full capacity for self
government. ¦
Views of the Press
on Topics of the
Times.
UP-TO-DATE
EDITORIAL
UTTERANCE
It is to be noted that the association does a large
amount of educational work along many lines of in
struction. The members of the association receive
many benefits from it, and the most eminent men in
the republic are prou.l to be associated with it in any
way.
So important has become the work of the associa
tion that its usefulness has been recognized by ali
classes of people. When in 1894 the 'jubilee celebra
tion of the foundation of the association was held in
London the Queen bestowed upon the founder the
honor of knighthood in royal recognition of the fact
that he, Sir George Williams, stands among the fore
most benefactors of the century.
potent forces for good that our civilization and our
religion have produced. .''>"
LIBERTY SATIX DRESS.
The tngraving represents a dress of
hydrangea blue liberty satin. The cole™
and .skirt are trimmed with satin lm
broldered -with sllkto match Th» Z?~
¦eiet waistband i 3 O f Farr^olore^anne:
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, FJRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 28, 1900.
FASHION HINT FROM PARIS. |
: I
The endeavor of the student journal at Berkeley
to destroy any undergraduate notion that inebriety
is a part of the university curriculum will meet un
questionably with the heartiest public approval.
• The local Democratic "convention" has at least
one merit. It is not masking under any misrepresen
tation of fairness to the fellows who have been shut
out. '
A mother sent her small boy into the
country and after a week of anxlet}- re
ceived this letter: "I got here all right
but forgot to write before. A feller and
1 went out in a boat and the boat tinned
over i*nd a man got me out. I was so full
of water that know anything for
a long time. The other boy has to b©
buried after they find hhn. His mother
came and cried all the time. Ah
kicked me over and I've got to have sohip
money for fixln'- my head. We are jruin-~
K°J?»?r 1 £ r V n .» n l e t0 - nl & ht and I ehould
s ?' etf, w e don't have some bully fun I
shall bring home a lame woodchuck if I
j'oHr^L him ln my trunk -"— Logansport
HAVING A "TIME."
At 'cast one of the horrifying pages upon which
is written ihe history of the century has been turned.
The South African war is over.
6
Best eyeglasses and specs 20 to 40c. Look
out SI Fourth, front barber and grocery. •
Townsend's California glace fruits EOc a
pound in fire-etched boxes or Jap. baskets.
b39 Market. Palace Hotel. •
Special Information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau t Allen'*), 510 Mont-
gomery st. Telephone Main 1042. •
Closing Out Odd Lots.
Over 300 framed pictures and panels left,
from 25 cents up, to be closed out at one-
half the regular. price to make room for
new poods. Sanborn. Vail & Co.. 741 Mar-
ket street. \ •
"When I grow up. Grade," the little boy
said. "I'll marry you."
"When you grow up, Willie," she re-
plied, "you'll Ret down on your knees and
ask me."— Chicago Tribune.
HOTEL DEL, CORON'ADO-Spoctal nnnmer
rates still In effect at this beautiful country
home, where summer and 'winter ar< on*. At
4 New Montgomery street. San Kranclaco. (at
rates with special round-trip summer Uci«t-
Ti '. r'.l— "Tanr.hauFer."
< '. luTr.Ma— "Tlie Megiftrate."
fslitonili- "Alda."
Alhamhra-'Kcliy's Kids."
< >r;-h«>um— Vaudevill*.
OrmM Oacra_-hou«e— "Blue Jear.s."
.\\> ar.nr- •"Ills .Tnr'aTK*J=e Wife."
Olympia, corner Mason and Kddy streets— Specialties.
CTiutry. Zoo and Theater — Vaudeville every afternoon and
«v«>:iin£.
Fischer'*— Vaudeville,
Si:tr.> Baths— O;>.n r.lchts.
Tanfoiar. Park— Th<* Oreat Fa_ir.
Kxcurslon to t>anta i.'ruz-Sunday, September 30.
AMUSEMENTS.TO SAIL.
Suit was filed yesterday by Martia
CrCoanell against Thomas P. Henneberry
to obtain an acccentins of the affairs c£
the Phoenix Iron 'Works. O'Connell al
leges that several year3 ago he west
into partnership with Henseberry to con
duct the Iron works. Of late years, he
all-»s<?« Henneberry has so manipulated
the" accounts and conducted the business
as to conceal the true condition of the
partnership- A corporation. O'Connell
further alleges, was formed by Kenne
berry without his knowledge, and he also
avers that he has been denied, any inter
est in the same.
\ restraining cnler wa3 secta^d from
Judge Daingerfield prohibiting Henne
berrv from interfering with the affairs of
thf Brta and particularly from coUectias
Hjjii alleged to be dtie from the RaLstcn
Iron Wor«£3 pending the li'Jsatiot
Two Largs Bart Vrtxp tcies.
Samuel H. westtall, Arthur S. West
fall ard John R. Westfall c£ the irreea
fnat Bbipplny ftrra. of Westfall«& Co. of
Sacraacento fileel a. petition ta lasolveacr
yesterdav in the United States District
Court. Their liabilities axe $55,113 S3 azi
Henneberry "With Trying to
Cast TTTrn.
Martin O'Ccnnell Charges Thoraas P.
OWNKRKHtt* OP PHOE2TIX
IBON WOKKS IN DISPTTTE
Time BalL
Branch Hyirreraptlc OfSc«. tt S. IC-. Sler- |
chants' Ex'fc»-»». Saa Francisco. Cai— 1
Senteiater TT. 1>^-
The tisa« tall oa th# tairer cf the sew Ferry j
building was dropp-d at exactly nocn to-day— i
L e.. at neon of the tfflta nrerlifaa. cr at 3 {
o'clock, p- m.. Gre«awicli tine.
C. G. CALSDtS.
Ueutecant Corr.rrard»r. t*. R. N.. la ciarja. |
NOTS-— la the abore exposition cl th« tides I
th* early inorcic* tides are jiTea la the left
hand eahrnin an'i th« *ncce33iir» t'.i-s o£ th*
¦3ay ta the onler of occtirrecc* as to tine. The
teheed time column gives the secant tlda of
the day. ttif third time column lk« third tld»
and the last or right hand column gives tha
last tide of the day. except when there are bat
thre« tides, as sometimes occurs. The teisSu
given are ia adcJittoa to the sourd'.ags cn tS»
United States Ccajt Sarver charts, except
whea a. csinus sign (— > precedes th« height.
a=d then the number gtrea U subtracted tro=i
th* <i»ptS ir!v#n tT tji# charts. Th« -"i-« of
reference is the m«n of the lower low -araters.
Son n«-es «¦«
Pan s«t3 3 s3
Moon sets - 8:S> o. ta.
FRTDAT. SEPTEMBER 3.
United States Coast and Geodetic Sarr«r—
Tiaies a=d Ketghts of High »=d Low
¦Waters at Fort Point, estranc* to S*a
Frxnctsco Bay. Published by official ta
thcrtty of the Supertatea.iect.
JTOTE.— The hish and low waters ocecr at
the city frcat (Missioa-str«et wharf) about
twer.ty-flTe mlr^res later thsa at Fort Point;
th« heljrht of tide is the sain* at both p!*e«s.
San, Moon and Tide.
Th9 regular October terra cf th« Ualte-i
Stares Circuit Court of Appeals will b^
opened by Judsres Gilbert. Rcs3. Morrow
and Haw ley next Monday. The ca-3e-j
submitted during the May iseetlns will
r>e decided and the October calendar will
b^ taken up. On the calendar are cassia
frcm nearly every State ca the PaciSj
Cca«t as wen as from the Territory ot
Alaska. Causes on appeal from Honr»tu!3
are no*w !n the cnir"* if r/r<?par*t!nT5-
.Court of Appeals.
their assets C4.33 <L H. "Walter, tailor,
cf San Francisco. f.Ied^a. petition *tatfn<
hi? liabilities at C."S) Zn and his Asstzs iz
113*5. Most af tae assets are uaco"ectib:»
book account?.
The German transport Nnraburg took
•.board 173 horses and Sfc> mules yesterday,
The big; freight transport Algca will
probably get away to-morrow morning.
In six days the Government officials have
loaded her with 13.000 tons of general
stores azid 3Xtt tons of coa.1. This is a
feat that has never been etjoaled on the
front and reflects great credit upon Cap
tain John Barneson. the marine superin
tendent, and Captain Diaa, the chiet
steve<icrei .
Movement of Transports.
The Leelanaw arrived from Taku, China.
via Nagasaki, yesterday. She took a load
of horses for the cavalry to China, but
did not remain there long. She brings no
n**ws that has noritiready been told. The
Leelanaw made the run from Takxi in
thirty days. On September 15 she spoke
the Rosecran* In latitude 4S degrees 35
minutes north. longitude ITS degrees 3>
minutes west. The Ro^ecrans left here
with two light batteries of artillery
bound to Taku via Nagasaki, oa Septem
ber 1 She will probably be ordered to
Manila on her arrival at Nagasaki.
Eors* Transport Arrives.
The Columbia River is a?ain in the
clutch of the boarding masters. Grain
ships cannot get men because they will
not pay the rinir Up a man blood money.
In conse«iuence sailors are being- sought
for in San Francisco, but up to a few
days aso none could be procured. Then
Hermann, the boarding master on Steuart
street, agreed to get fifteen men for a
bonus of JjO each and get them to Astoria.
He did not set the full number, but last
Tuesday evening he put ten men aboard
the Cotunibia outside the heads. C. Mc-
Carron and .Dick Grant, the Portland
blocd money hunters, who are here to
prevent the sharping cf the men. are fu
rious and vew tbe sailors will never leave
the steamer. There will b« some fun oa
the Columbia- River, to-day- when those
sailors are belr.g takfea off the Columbia.
Blood Money Again.
From the China basin the party went to
the new fishermen's wharf, now in course
of construction, and after that the Mark
ham was taken over the course of the new
pier head line. The tuj was out about
three hours and during . that time the
Governor was made thoroughly familiar
with all the proposed improvements on
the front.
Governor Ga^e and Harbor Commission
ers Kilbura. Hamey and H«?rold made a
three hours' trip of the bay in the tus
Governor MarkJ-ara yesterday. They first
went to the China basin, where the loca
tion of the Santa Fe's proposed seawall
was pointed out to tne Governor. He
studied the situation thoroughly and earn
to the conclusion that the scheme as pro
posed by the railroad was a good one.
vesti^ation of China Easin.
GAGE VISITS THE FEONT.
The Governor Slakes a Thorough In-
The Alden Besse went out an hour after
the Flintshire, bound for Honolulu. The
Georse Loornis spoke her Wednesday and
Captain Potter reported having lost a
number of sails in Sunday's gule, but that
all was well aboard.
"After a consultation Captain Jones ami
I decided that there wa3 danger in wait- j
in? for a pilot-boat, so we squared away
and ran 110 miles south by southeast.
Monday morr.ing I hauled her op for Ple
dra Blanca. but when we mode the land
we were to the leeward, so we squared
away again and made Point Buction at
tj p. ni. Tlien we decided to make for j
Port Harford, where I was to be landed, i
It caxce on dark, however, so I put her j
under three lower topsails and th« new j
fore topma?t staysail and stood off shore |
again. At midnight we wore ship a?aln
and at 2 o'clock Tuesday morning I saw
a steamer's ii^ht. She was hound south. !
end I at cr.ee decided to /Signal her. Cap
tain Jones ordered a blue ttffht and the
steamer at once altered her course and
stood down toward us. It proved to be
the stcamsr George E>ooin:s. and the cap
tain St once csrerd to take me aboard. I
went to Ventura on the oil steamer and |
came home on her. landing at Port Costa
at ¦> o'clock this morning. The list on the
Flintshire had been straightened i:p and
new sails had been bent when I left. Cap
tain Jones is contident that he will get no
heavier weather off the Horn than he did
off the Golden Gate."
"We he!d cn under the fore and main
lower topsails and main jib until we were
outside the lightship and ther. we ran into
a terrif.c sea. The ship was thrown on
her team ends ar.<i for a moment things
were tn a tad way. The cabins w«re
rlooded. the mate's rooms and the fore
castle were washed cut. the lazarette was
noo'ied and everything movable on deck
had gone by the board.
"From the time the Reiijx.ce let us g-o
until I was put aboard the oil steamer
Geore-e LcMRBii things were not wiain?
my said Pt'.ot j*cott yesterday. "A
few minutes after xJhe tug ler*t us _we_be_ r
ran to lose sails. The fore topmast <?a>
f-a.il went fea!i!ng away like a kite. nit
main topsail stay?a.:L anJ the lower mia
z-?n tcpsaii went like so rnucn pasteboard,
while the seas were izicJiing clean
breaches over us.
L<e?2 than, half a mile away the bark
Alden P<f»5« was losing her sai!3 one
after the other ar.d was lyins over to |
the ea!e until her grarboard streak could \
airr.cst be Men. And all this happened j
within sight of the Cliff House last Sun- j
day afternoon.
The Flintshire went cut Sunday morn- {
in? in charge "t Pilot Georg-e Scott ajid j
in tow cf the tag Reliance. It was blow- j
ing a northwester, but no one aboard the j
ship expected a hurricane. The Reliance '
cast off h>?r tow at 1 p. m. and returned •
to port. Sail was set ca the Flintshire. I
but ?he wa« barely outside the lightship j
when the gale b*gan to pipe.
WITH a manber of sails blown j
away and a decide.! list to port \
the -British ship Flintshire was I
ta a deddeCy tad way for a •
short time off port last Sunday. !
Had it not b*M»n for the skillful handling |
of the vessel by Pilot George Scott there j
E3i?ht not te anybody l«ft to tell the tale.
Sails were bloTfn out of the bolt roc^s. •
othprs were ?p!it and torn into tatters, the ¦
cafcia and forecastle were flooded and .
many of the stones in the !azar*-tte were {
ruin-e.1. The !:?t to port showci six i
str-^^ks under water.
Br ship Flintshire, taence Sept 23. far Queens
town. sQopp«td off *t Port Haurfonl to land pilot,
who was carried off. Vessel was caught ta *
ttroES XW wlad. which carried awar «ail3.
MISCEIXANEOC3.
Per stmr Leelanaw— Sept 13. Iat 45 33 N. Ion
IIS 30 E. C S strsr Rosecraas. hence Sept 3,
for Naza«alti-
Per stmr Roanoke. at Seattle— On Sept IS. in
Unimak Pass, spoke bark Rufixs E Wood, from
Uoalaska. for Esoalmalt. Same date ship s
D Carleton. from Tacotna, for Datch Harbor.
Tlinrsday, Sertemlser K.
Stmr Eureka. Jessen. Eureka.
Strcr Iaiaa. Bash. Newport (S).
Stmr Rival, Johnson. WUUpa Hartor. .
Stssr Homer. r>jaaldscn. Eureka.
Br stmr Robert Adaaison, Morgan. Na=alaw».
.Ship Glory of the Seas. Fremnn. Comex.
Tark Santiago. Engalls. Hilo.
Schr W F •WitMEann, Daeweriu, Santa Ro
salia.
Schr J G Watt. BJornstrotn. Eurek*.
Pchr Volant. EIricsson. *.
Schr Rainier. H»ns«n. Seattle.
SPOKEN.
Br stnir Bristol. Melntyre. Cfeeiaalnas; R
Dutamttir Sons Co.
Nor stmr Xarnb^rs. VToltman. Tafca; W R
Grace i Co
Rsss ship City of Besares, HsIIstea. Queesia
town;Gtrvia & Eyre.
Br «hlp Dcaeara, GUI. Queecstowa; Ginria
A Eyr*.
Schr W F 'Vntremann, Daeweritz. Santa Ro
;alia; F Santatlier.
Scar Dcra Bluara, Snaith, Kahulul.
SAILED. .
Er strrfr Robert Adxinsoa. McrKaa, Nanairao;
J.jha Boaenfeid's Sens.
Thursday, Serteraber 17.
Stmr Bonita. Xlcolsoa. San Pedro; GoodaH.
CL.E-<REI>.
ARRXVETD.
Thursday. S«Dteiaber IT.
Stmr L«eeLana.w, Storrs. 30 dayj frcm Tiku,
via Naji-ati K dayv
s-tmr State of California, Gase. hours from
Pcrtiaoi. via Astcria 4S hours.
ftisr S«<iuola. 'Winlt'.e. 15 hours from Fort
Bra?*-.
Strar Ciarina, Seaaian, S days frota Tacoma.
Stmr Geo LocnUs. Briijett, 33 hsars from
Ventura.
Stmr Xe-srsboy. HI«rlns. Zl hours from Xeedle
Roe It.
Stmr laqua. Bash. 13 hours from Eureia;
bound south; put In to Und passengers.
Strr.r Mackiaaw. Littl^fleld, 71 hoars fwra
Seattle.
Stmr G'psy. Leland. 3« hours from Monterey
and way rorts.
Strar North Fork, McLellaa, 18 hours from
Eureka.
O«r atinr Verona. Hansen. 23 iays 11 hours
front atojl.
Fr baric Fervaat, Maboc, 7? days from. New
castle, Aus.
Sohr Coryp h *=*. Erickscn, 2 days from Bris
tol Bay.
•Schr Lcnls. Genbetr. ~ cays from Wiria&a
Harbor. _
5chr Bender Brothers. 'Wetiel. 50 hoors from
Boweas Landinr.
Shipping Intelligence.
Gold cn tlie Alazneda.
STDNET. N. S. W. r Sept. 27.— Thn steamer
Alaineda. which saiisd from this port yester
day for Saa Francisco, has on board £S:*).0Oi»
la iiid-
The schooner 'W. F. WitXicxaan cleared yes
terday for Santa Rosalia, with the foliowia*
carro, valueii at J33.1S0: lofl.CS r&s sugar, ICO
c« Hercules pewder, ?? bales cakura. 13 bales
wickia?. 13.1S5 feet lumber. 131) bales hay. 23*1
es oil. ZZ ca paint. 30 Icess r°<l :-a.i. SSQ 15*
tallow. 3.^0 C» resia. 10 bbls tar. Li.isO Ds
tear.s, S5Q bx3 pasta, 15,270 gals wine, ST b<il#
pipe. S bdls spices. 100 bdU shovrls. IM bdlj
fanning- tools. 44 bd:» handles. 33 bales iraat.'.
11 31W H)S fire clay. 4000 tBa charcoal, 3 pksr»
crociery aad ?Iaas r 1Z pkfs brcoais, 133 fols
flenr. 3i>.SGt) Rw rice, « chesis tea. 12.3CM iba
braa. SCO Its starch. 54.0CQ feet fuse. *) peats
5<:S3 as sola. 75 pt?s niachtaery.
A Cargo for Mexico.
Barley for Europe.
The Russian ship City of Benar?s cleared
yesterday far Queenatowa fcr orders wita S.1,a23
centals of barley, valued at IS5.SS). arui 1T.0CO
feet lumber dunnage, valued at K55. Total
value, J.",O.
The Kentlworth leads wheat at this port for
Eurcpe. 423 M. prior ta arrivaL
Shipping 2Ierchants.
3£atters of Interest to Uariners and
2TSWS OF THE OCEAN.
cf wat^r northward of MI?siort RocS,
about *firt yaris north, <u degTee^ ea^t
rtroe NE. hi E. mag.) from the er.d of
Pacific Mail dock. Th» least d*pth found
over the wreck is twenty-one feet at low
water, but the end of one of the yards
shows at times a f*?w Inches above the
water. Two b'loys have been placed to
mark the wr»-?k. each painted red and
bracS in horizontal stripes and marked
"wreck" in large white letters. One is In
eleven fathoms of water 300 feet north
west of the wreck, the other ts in tea
fathoms 3» .feet southeast of the wreck-
There are strong eddy currents about the
wreck and vessels should not pass be
ttveen these buoys.
The three-fathom rcclrr which lies about
130 yards eastward from the former posi
tion of Shag Rock has not yet been re
moved, though it has been stated that Ita
removal is ccntempiated.
The German I ark J. C Pf.ugfr is to load
general mcrcttsadise her 1 ? instr-ad of lum
ter at Eureka, as 5tat«i! yesterday.
The baric Saritiag-o sailed yesterday -with
an overflowing rarcro of general merchan
dise for Hito ar?d seven passengers. The
Falls of Ctrdf, that fotlows ber on the
berth for Hilo, t? at the sugar refinery
and will com-? down to-day. Every inch
of space on her has fcn?er. taken, and Cap
tain Charles Mitson ¦will have to sleep in
the chart room In order to make room for
passengers.
John Qulstb-?rg of the steamer. Newsboy
was treated at the Harbor Hospital yes
terday by Drs. Dray, Irones and Bauer for
vronnda that my pro%*e very .serious. The
Newsbfiy was l.\irg oft Needle Rock last
Tuesday ni?ht tikir.g In car^o. Qaistberg
¦was attending to th# jruide rope and by
some mischanco his hani was pulled Into
the sheaves of the block. Two fingers
wore crushed ?.nd the risht wrist was se
v-r-ly lacerxtsd. Everything that coutd
p<>ssibly te don<» on the steamer was done,
but when Qai-tber? reacheti th* hospital
yesterday afterr.oon it was found neces
sary to amputate one of the tinkers. Even
now it is feared that blood poisoning- may
set In and Qufstberg may lose h!a life. .
Mariners have b*en notified by the hy
drograph!e ofRce that the wr«ok of the
ship May Flint lies sunk in ten fathoms
"Water Front Xotes.
b<??1des a quantity of f>?d stuffs. She Is
expected to ?et away this morning.
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer Movements.
STDXET-Sailed Sept K— Star Alasieda. far
San Francisco.
MAZATUAN— Sailed Sept IS — Stmr Saa Bias,
for San Francisco.
KOXGKOXG— bailed Sept :s— Br «C=r Ea
cress cf Jacaa. for Vancouver.
SAXTA ROS.UJA— Satle-i Sept ll-G«r bark
Atalanta. tt.r Ptizet Scaad.
tOKC-HAMA- Arrived S*pt 23— Br stmr Em
pre?s cf O.ina. from Vanccnver.
In P--.TX 5ept 15— Br ship Andreta. for Oregon.
MOXTE\IDEO— In p-irt Sept 8— Br ship Aald-
Eirth. fcr San Francisco.
ANTWERP- In port Sept «— Br bark Cam- ',
bus<ioon. for San Frai-.cisco.
LOXDON— Sailed Sept 13— Fr bark La Roche
foucauld, for Oreron.
DUNKIRK— la p-ort Sept J— Fr bark Colbert,
for Vancouver.
LJVERPtXJL— In port Any 23— Br ship Ly-n
ton. for Vancouver.
NEWCASTLE. N?W— Sailed Sept 2&-Siip
James Nesmith. foe Honolaln.
OCEAN STEAMER3.
ROTTERDAM— Arrived Sept 17— Stmr An- j
steriJam. from X«w Tork.
Sailed Se->t !7— Staar Maasdam. far Bcloasrr;i».
HAVES— Arrived Sent Z3— Stnsr Loxor. from
San Franrls'^j. for Himtarr.
Qt'EETXSTOWX— Sailed Sept 2— Stmr Tea- I
! tonic, for New York: star Waeslacd. fcr [
I PhHaaeirhla.
GltASiJOW— Arrived S^pt ST— -Stmr Poaeraa
ian. from M-ntreaL
SOUTHAMPTON— Arrived Sept J7— Stmr N«w |
York, front X««r York.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived Sect 17— Stsir Olyai
pic. from Hor.?kons, for Tacciaa)
ST VINCENT. C V— Arrived Sept IS— Stair
Neko. from Antwerp, fcr San Francisco.
HAVRE — Arrived Sept 27 — Stmr L& Larrain*.
trira New York. f
CHERBOURG— Arrived Sept 27— Stair Fuerst
Bismarck, from New York.
Saiied Sept tS— Stmr Laha. from Bremea. far
New York
HONGKONG— Sailed Sept IS— Stmr Empress j
of Jarax tsr Vancouver.
SYDXET," NSW— Sailed Sept K— Strar .Vs.- j
me<ia. fcr Saa Francisco.
NEW YORK— Saile-i Sept T7— Stmr Aller. fir
B~m«3; stair Kal»er Fri*<lerlch. for Ham
bun : stmr La Gascosm*. for Havre.
KINSALE— Passed 5ept JT— Stnir Taaric.
froia New Yorir. for LiverpooL
FOREIGN PORTS.
DELAWARE BREAKWATER— Pasaei Sept
•«— Ship Henry Villard. from PhUadelphla. for
EASTERN PORT.
hi'I decks and '•abiss fldded and eary> sMfted.
Vessel after landing pilot proceeded en voyage.
DISASTER.
COP.OXEL. Sept S— FV bark General eS- Cha
r»tti?. frcm i»a:*a, for San Francisco, struck
a n?ci In the Straits of L^maire en sept 3 and
foundered. Crew sared with th» excectlon. cJ
two and landed at Sand Point.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POIXT LOBOS. i>«pc r:. 13 p m— Weather
hair: wind XW, v'.ocity it) ir.ll-s.
COOS BAT-sa!!»d Sept 2T— Bktn Gardiner
CItv and schr Volunteer, for Saa Franciscc.
UJAL-EiKM S*pt ZZ— atrnr Grace Dollar, for
San Francisco.
TILLAMOOK— Sail*! =*rt B-Stmr W H
KrJi?r, for San Franrfsco.
BAN DIFTGO— Arrived S«pt !T—S tinr Bria«
wlclt. fiance S*r>t 14.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
PORT TOWXSHN'D—Arrtved S«5t K— Strnr
Cha» Xetson, freta Cape Nome; stcr Qne<=.
from Sia^uay.
Pa3s<?»i 2T— Strnr TaroTna. frctn Cap«
Xom*. fcr S<fa.tt:*: stmr Dtriy-i. froia Ska^uar.
for Seattle.
Sailed S^pt Z7— Schr Iaca. for Sydnsy.
BAXDON— Arrived Sept C-Scfer CcsSaasa,
hence S^rt It
TACOJiA— Sailed Sept 37— Schr C S Hotzne*.
icr ?an P»<lrtx
PORT LOS AXGELES— Arrived S«=t IT—
Sttnr Sac SCateoii frrm Naralaa
PORT HADLOCK— 5ai:*i Sect IS — Schr
Janr.es Rclrn. for Antcf.isasta.
SEL\TTI.E— Arrived S<»pt -•>— Br star Tartar,
firm Victoria; st3ir Chas Nelson, from Xcine;
strr.- Qre*n. frr>cn Skagua-y; Jap stnir Riojtia
Maru, frcm Yokohama.
Sail*i S-jpt K — Stnr »olph!n. far STcagnay.
Arrived S^rt IT— Stinr Tacotna, frets Nctne;
star R'ath. from Skas~aay.
Sail*l S«*pt I 1 ?— Schr Stiinson, f?r Sah Pedn?.
NOJin— Saile-1 S*pt 17— Stmr Alllaace. for
Seattle; *tmr Portland, fcr Seattle.
ASTOHIA— Arrived Sept T7— Br stmr Brae
rrar. from Hocgkoaj; stntr Columbia, h-?nc«
S«rt S.
Sailed Sept IT — Br bark Australia. f?r Qneess
tC!TT5.
EVREKA— Arrtved Sept ?T— Stsir r>t Xorte.
frcm Portland: schr B*rtha Dotbe*r, frcia Sas,
Dier^.
Sailed Sert !T— Star Pctnoca. for Saa Fraa
cisco.
SAX PEDRO— Arrived E«pt 23— Stnrr Pasa
dena, frcm Eureka.: schr Occidental, from. Eu
reka.
Sailed Sect 27— Schr Laura iladsec. for Grays
Harbor; star Pasadena, fr»r Eureka.
UMPxjUA— Sailed Sest Schr Ltlr. fcr Saa
Francisco.
Arrived S«pt 23— Schr Loatse, frcm Saa F»dr>.
BO'.VEXS L-VXT>IXG— Arrived Sect rr— Schr
Xewark. hence Sert ZS.
, Sailed Sept 37 — Schr Rio Rey. far Saa Fran
ctsco.
: Sai!«d Sept tT— Stmr Navarre far Saa Fraa
clsco.
GREEX1TOOD- Arrired Sert 17— Stair Green
wood. h«nce Sert 2^.
1 1
THE BRITISH SHIP FLINTSHIRE BX'RNIXO A BLUE LIGHT TO ATTRACT THE ATTENTION OF THE STEAM
ER GEORGE LOO1IIS. PILOT GEORGE SCOTT HAD BEEN" CARRIED AWAY ON THE SHIP AND CAPTAIN
JONES WANTED TO SEND HIM BACK.
Runs Into Heavy
Gale Near the*
Lightship.
— ? —
Sails Blown Away
and the Cabin
Flooded.
natural phenomena that have their be!..*
en the surface cf the earth.
Note — This study, by J. E. Bryant. Phil
adelphia, will be concluded on Friday
next.
COMPARATIVE STUDIES OF" TWO CENTURIES'
cgy. fcr ~*clasr is the science whlcS
tiea's with the earth's crust and with th*
character and ceases of Irs variations.
Similarly it may be shown that p-csra
phy is intimately associate*! witir botausy.
with zoology, with biology la general.
with ch«?inistry. and. ia short, with *verr
science that has tfl do either with th-a
solid ecrth or with the. water that sur
rounds it. or with the atmosphere thai
encompass* it. or with "he iivtr.g thing*.
whether p:-ir.t cr aninia.1. that subsist
ii?cn It.
1= fact. It may be donbt»<i if there Js 3.
.-:r.,--:-r physical 5c - >r.c? that dcea cot fa".l
within the all-conjprehenti;r.sr dotaaia off
rzruinm geography.
Geography as a 3rien.ce bavin? f-jr izs
scl*» cancfra the earth as aa abode for
nan. an important rar; "f that science is
taken up with a ecrssicerattcn of the ef.
fects wbich geographical position, pecu
liarities of ciliaate. notural food re
source*, natural facilities for trade, etc..
have on the variation, til* dlstnbtition.
the physical an«i Eeatal devetapnier.:.
etc.. or the races of nianJcJsd. It ij o»
viotis that, the field of l=v#3ticadon ir.
cluded usder this head is a very larsa
one; and that when property atten<le«l to
it eacrac-es cuev sr:b<livijron3. It Js th*
attention given to this pba3A of the *uV
ject-the st-jdy d etiraa:*. s<3il. ar.'s'.ai
,:fe. vegetarian, forestry, salserai re
sources, topography, etc.. In ref»reace t->
their relation to nian a3 a social beirsr
with a necessity for social activity, tuch
as essa^is- in trad*, etc.— that has 5tven
t-> «ao<i«rr. secsrraphy the characteristics
whtrh tnalrjy differentiate it fr^ra the s*'
oiraphy of a huodrrd y^ars a?r>.
we have laid strons smphasi* upon Uw
fact that modem geography I3 a aeteB •
asd that !s deals with tt* subjec' matt*
wlth all the rigor app'.icab!e to any other
science in the realra of cio«±enj fcsowiedir'!'.
Cut there is ore feature which furriianir-..
taL'y distinguishes the science of seogr*
phy frcm all the other of the sciences — at
least from all other c£ the sreaxer sci
er.tres. It id wholly an applied science
The limitations which It3 rlnal parpc**
ptits upon it. namely, that it must con
cern i:«e2f only with what I* of Ictport
ar.e? to ma-Jciml. — ¦..¦:- It altogether a
practical branch of huisas toowledse.
This accounts for th» popularity which
Ssography has always enjoyed, even ir.
the day3 when its acier.tiSc character wa»
merely embryotlc. Now. when ita m?-:-i
o«i3 and prcc«5de3 are wholly scie-t!ric.
it 13 more popular as a subject cf gBneral
?fidy than ever i: has been. If nowaday*
we read about a foreign people we wtsft
to be informed as to the causes of their
distin^uishir? ethnical character^:: -.
the causes of their distirg^ahisgcosaer
cia* characteristics, and s<> en. We are r. -y
longer satisfied with mere descr!ptior.».
We desire, as the phrase is. "to ks*"«r
tee why and the wherefore" of ev«ry
thta?. In other wortfs. our Interest in
things seosraphical is to-day always a
scientific ore.
Nor is this Interest an aiTalr cf iner^
idle desire of knowleds?. Man fc«ine *
social beir? the cssefitxal f-rattire of hi*
activity is trade cr barter. He t3 forever
a creature that bays and setl3. The fnnda
nmttal ba«53 of society, then, is tra.i«».
The phrase used In out definition of g*osr
ra?^y. narnety. "the earth 3.3 an abod*
f r rr.fr." t« essentially e<^uivaient to ~tn<»
earth as a field f 3r mart's cocuaercial ex
ploitation." Geography thus takes pri
mary cognizance of these feature* of l.te
earth and of those oro-Iucta of the earili
that are of commercial tasportanc*. It u
not a trivial nr iiile Lranch of hanaan
study. Its object is wholly deflnite .in-i
purposeful. And this definite purpose;-;!
object, when narrowed down to Us nios;
si?ni2cant feature. Is the explanation of
the physical phenomena of t"he earth'-*
surface with reference to their value or
Interest as factors in commerce.
Such is the s^ography- of the closta?
y°ar* cf the nineteenth rentsry. It ts a
science. It (3 a practical science. And Irs
object is the tenef.t it car.kirtd through
an en!ar?oment of mor."3 knowiedsr? "f
the commercial resources of the earth antl
cf the ccmnzer-rial s!?r.:Scance cf thes^
XL ,
ITost people would suppof? that when
the advaceemen: c' s»o'5rar^5' is spoken
of the extension of our knowledge of
the earth"s surface would be the cost ixn- :
portar.t feature 0* this advancement. For '
example, the \7h0Ie of th» territory now :
included, under the term "the United
States'" is tc-dav a well-defined, tolerably
well surveyed and altogether well-known
territory, •whereas a hundred years ag)
a. Iarjre portion of this territory w^a as lit
tle known as is to-day the interior of the
continent of Africa. And the continent o!
Africa, the scene daring the last ISO years
of so much adventurous exploration and :
discovery — so much, indeed, that scarcely
a single portion cf its area rennins un
known to whi:e men— was at the b*gin
r.ing of the century now closing scarce;— :
known to the civilized world more than at •
its outermost edees.
It Is not, however. In this extension of
em knowledge of the details cf the earth a
surface that the advancement of geogra
phy most characteristic of our century t3
to be sought tor. That extension, won
derful as it is. is ortly in keeping with
similar extensions witnessed in every cen
tury of the world's history since Ootitm
| bus' time.
The advancecrent of geography most
> characteristic of the century has been its
i development from the mere "'lescrtFtior."
I which the race Implies to the d.gnjty of a
definitely understood and universally ree
ogrUsed "science."
The word "gwzraphy." acceriir.? to its
1 etymolo^v. siraply means "a description
: of the earth's surfice." and a hundred
i years ago no more was expected of srec?
' raphers than that they should be- able to
i furnish such a description. Tee more d<=
1 tailed this description was the more near
1 ly did it correspond to the idea generally
! entertained by people a* t? what was
i meant by soc^ruphy and as 10 what ?eos
'¦¦ raphers should b«? able to do.
Curie? a hundred years a srrea; chancre
i has come about. The term "geography"
i no longer betokens an aimless narration.
I As said abovCk it has ctsme to mean a
' derinitp science, that science fceing the es
j act and orderly systemattzation "f our
! knowledge of the physical phenomena o»
'¦the earth's surface and the explanation e.
; the action and interaction of these pbe-
I nomena and man.
In simpler words, {reosrraphy is now un
i derstood to b* the science which d»al3
! with the worM (or earthK considered a~
' the abode and seme of action of human
1 society.
A3 has happened in the case of so many
! other branches of knowledge; the one
¦ great principle which !s now taken to be
J the all-embracins and <?3?ent:a! «»xplana
t tion of the infinitely varied and tnnnitely
i numerous items of knowledge that come
[ under the term geosraphy is that ai'-o
g-thor modern and characteristically nine
1 teenth century princtple of explanation
'¦ which we kr.ow of as "evolution.
With evolution, then, as its InxonsXBg
and explanaton- principle. ee-3?raphy DO1
merely ceases to be a series o. accor.a.s
' or narratives for the curious. an«I he
' comes a me&ee, but it be:on« a science
i in a peculiarly modern sense. _It <i^.3
1 w!l& a"U natural phenomena whicr. «ttr*«
; ly or indirectly concern man as a social
I bcizp but it does &j witb reference t<> a
! rrincip r e that bas done more to stimulate
! research and to satisfy man's craving for
i an in« : TV into the caus? of things than
• all other phitc^oph!:- principles he has
i be?a able to make use of since he began
I to reason at aiL
The first ffreat ca-iae of the physical
i phenomena of the earth's surface is me
I sun for on the relation of the earth to
'¦ th<* sun depend heat and coJd and USBt
! and darkness, the primary agents in ail
! phv?;cal phenomena. Hence geography as
a "science is intimately associated with
[ a^t^onomy. .
Again, since the physical phenomena o.
ithe earth's surface depend for their char
f acter on the-earth's crust nhis crast eon
» the foundation and support or
i these phenomena* it follows that geogra
phy Is tntimateiy associated with seol-
Copyright. 19CO, 07 Seyraour Eaten.
THE CALL'S
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
ADVANCEMENT OF GEOGRAPHY IN !00 YEARS.
SHIP FLINTSHIRE IS NEARLY WRECKED
IN A NORTHWESTER OFF GOLDEN GATE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 28. 1900.
7
Steamer.
From
r>3«.
Cresc*nt City.-';'
Pomona j
Curacao .... j
Santa Rosa I
P*I Korte [
Copt*- : — ¦
W. H. Knag*---!
Arcata j
Newburs \
Empire ....;
Pre«Ti»so i
Coos Bay [
TUanla
Carlisle City ...
Eureka --- f
Walla. Walla.-.',
Colombia 1
San Bias j
Cornea
Coqtrftle River.-!
Matteawan !
Eoc2u
Umatllla
Point Arena....
[Crescent City .._„
iHuinboldt
Meateo
(San Diego ...„
| Portia n<i
'Cbtca and Japan
!TiHam.ock
jCoos Bay
[Grays Harbor
iCaos Bay.
jTacoma ......
I New-pert ....__
iKacaisio ...
| China and Japan. ..._..
[Humboldt _
IVlctoriai.
"rartlan.!..
jKew Yort..
San Bl*r>
(Grays Harbor
ITacocia — ...........
Xewporc ..............
. Victoria •>.
. Point Ar»na
.[Sep. a
'Sep. I?
.Sep. 3
.|S«p. JS
.[Sep. a
-l&ep. »
-I5*p. r»
-[Sep. 23
-¦Sep. to
-Sep. *>
.[Sep. 2C
- Sep. Si
. Sep. »
. Oct. 1
_ Oct. J
..Oct. t
.Aon. l
..Oct. 2
.. Oct. ;
. Oct. 2
..'Oct. t
...Oct. 4
:.|Oct. i
.-[Oct. 4
Steaa3»r.
Desttsatiou.
S&Us.
•Willamette (Seattle -.[Sep. Si. 4pm!PJer 9
Saa Juan.. (New York. — (Sep. 24. 12ra|PlI33
Otr PTJ*bla; Victoria- j5«p. IS. II aaiJPter »
Bonita . ..iXfwport !S«j>. 23. »»m!Pter U
J. S. KUabl'Cape N*orae...!3«p. 2S, IpmlPJer 3
Czarlaa ...[S** 111 * — \S*V- 25 [Pier i
St. Paiil iCape N*am«...!S#p. ». Spin;
Areata. !Coos Bay [Sep. SJ. 12 m[Pler 13
Santa RoaaiSan Diego [S*p. ». UaxajPter U
Hfcrodot ....IHainbars S<*p. 3>. 10ani;Pl*r ?
State of Cal'PartUnd S<!p. Ja. U am Pter 24
Ncrti Fork! Hcmbcldt..— Sep. Hi. Jan|Pler X
PomcE* ..JHcmboldt.. -S^p. JJ. SptnJPler 9
Pt. Ar^na.-ls* 01111 Area*.. Oct- 1. Jpm!PI-r I
Cltr Rto J.fCiiina tJapan Oct. 1 lcm;PU=.?
Cooa Bar..lNe«rport [Oct. 1 SamiPterll
Del yartciPortUnd [Oct. 2. I asi|PIer 33
W. Krcsn 1 - 1
ew Teri
,Ili— ooic
..'Oct.
..jC-Ct.
I.
I2b]
3 pffl
PM35
Fter :
Dt.r •¦
1
•• — V.-' *T
!rw-»
Eur-ka . —
Moana '
ostralia
..:<)ct-
¦F!?r i
tx^» '
TV«lTa TC
v-
• Trrr'a
.. «>^.
4.
U an:.
w»na v....
v» i...i »» .. .
n«._ #1
Corona !
Si'
13 D1*»O
..[Oct.
4.
U ass,
|TT=ie; jTlme i^ 32 TUm
' 1 Ft. ! ! Ft. f— ' Ft. ! • Ft
3
f I «» r 4 if T:13.' ».Si l:«f 5.1! §:»>• •
"I 1 : O! 4.0' «:*)! J.«| 2^W! 5.1! »:3! 0
"l 4 : 53> S.M »:«3> »-« 2«! 4.»' M:3( 9
I
5
3
t
"f 5*:STf 4.Xf M:ri 3-J! 4:«r 4.St 11:23! »
..t fcSli 4.4 1 nitt\ 3«* 5:2' 4.S? f—
f 9-T ; •.« T:3T! 4.Tt tfcSSj *.t? <:«t 4
'"' 1 SJf 9 *' %:IV S.n' 1:531 3-lf T:51( 5
Steaa3»r.
Desttsatiou.
S&Us.
•Willamette (Seattle -.[Sep. Si. 4pm!PJer 9
Saa Juan.. (New York. — (Sep. 24. 12ra|PlI33
Otr PTJ*bla; Victoria- j5«p. IS. II aaiJPter »
Bonita . ..iXfwport !S«j>. 23. »»m!Pter U
J. S. KUabl'Cape N*orae...!3«p. 2S, IpmlPJer 3
Czarlaa ...[S** 111 * — \S*V- 25 [Pier i
St. Paiil iCape N*am«...!S#p. ». Spin;
Areata. !Coos Bay [Sep. SJ. 12 m[Pler 13
Santa RoaaiSan Diego [S*p. ». UaxajPter U
Hfcrodot ....IHainbars S<*p. 3>. 10ani;Pl*r ?
State of Cal'PartUnd S<!p. Ja. U am Pter 24
Ncrti Fork! Hcmbcldt..— Sep. Hi. Jan|Pler X
PomcE* ..JHcmboldt.. -S^p. JJ. SptnJPler 9
Pt. Ar^na.-ls* 01111 Area*.. Oct- 1. Jpm!PI-r I
Cltr Rto J.fCiiina tJapan Oct. 1 lcm;PU=.?
Cooa Bar..lNe«rport [Oct. 1 SamiPterll
Del yartciPortUnd [Oct. 2. I asi|PIer 33
Steamer.
From
r>3«.
Cresc*nt City.-';'
Pomona j
Curacao .... j
Santa Rosa I
P*I Korte [
Copt*- : — ¦
W. H. Knag*---!
Arcata j
Newburs \
Empire ....;
Pre«Ti»so i
Coos Bay [
TUanla
Carlisle City ...
Eureka --- f
Walla. Walla.-.',
Colombia 1
San Bias j
Cornea
Coqtrftle River.-!
Matteawan !
Eoc2u
Umatllla
Point Arena....
[Crescent City .._„
iHuinboldt
Meateo
(San Diego ...„
| Portia n<i
'Cbtca and Japan
!TiHam.ock
jCoos Bay
[Grays Harbor
iCaos Bay.
jTacoma ......
I New-pert ....__
iKacaisio ...
| China and Japan. ..._..
[Humboldt _
IVlctoriai.
"rartlan.!..
jKew Yort..
San Bl*r>
(Grays Harbor
ITacocia — ...........
Xewporc ..............
. Victoria •>.
. Point Ar»na
.[Sep. a
'Sep. I?
.Sep. 3
.|S«p. JS
.[Sep. a
-l&ep. »
-I5*p. r»
-[Sep. 23
-¦Sep. to
-Sep. *>
.[Sep. 2C
- Sep. Si
. Sep. »
. Oct. 1
_ Oct. J
..Oct. t
.Aon. l
..Oct. 2
.. Oct. ;
. Oct. 2
..'Oct. t
...Oct. 4
:.|Oct. i
.-[Oct. 4
|TT=ie; jTlme i^ 32 TUm
' 1 Ft. ! ! Ft. f— ' Ft. ! • Ft
3
f I «» r 4 if T:13.' ».Si l:«f 5.1! §:»>• •
"I 1 : O! 4.0' «:*)! J.«| 2^W! 5.1! »:3! 0
"l 4 : 53> S.M »:«3> »-« 2«! 4.»' M:3( 9
I
5
3
t
"f 5*:STf 4.Xf M:ri 3-J! 4:«r 4.St 11:23! »
..t fcSli 4.4 1 nitt\ 3«* 5:2' 4.S? f—
f 9-T ; •.« T:3T! 4.Tt tfcSSj *.t? <:«t 4
'"' 1 SJf 9 *' %:IV S.n' 1:531 3-lf T:51( 5
W. Krcsn 1 - 1
ew Teri
,Ili— ooic
..'Oct.
..jC-Ct.
I.
I2b]
3 pffl
PM35
Fter :
Dt.r •¦
1
•• — V.-' *T
!rw-»
Eur-ka . —
Moana '
ostralia
..:<)ct-
¦F!?r i
tx^» '
TV«lTa TC
v-
• Trrr'a
.. «>^.
4.
U an:.
w»na v....
v» i...i »» .. .
n«._ #1
Corona !
Si'
13 D1*»O
..[Oct.
4.
U ass,
The Caliicrrtia Xorttiwestera Railway
irill run an excarsion to t'k.a'r: SuatiaT.
5eDtemfc«r ». Each ticket Insures a seat.
is none will b« sold la excess of the cnai-
ber provide<i- Far« for rouad trip XU*k
Leave TTburon ferry 8:30 a. m.: tTdaix 3
a ra. TtcJteta now oa sale at G4 Market
street (Chrcalcie bids) and at Tiburoa
terry. _ < >;.••'¦;
McKINLEY. and ROOSEVELT!
GOVERNOR HENRY T. GAGE
WILL DISCUSS
!A\PER!ALISA\ AND MILITARISAl
;*T XME
METROPOLITAN TEA"IF»LE
This (Friday) Evenins, September 28!
CAMPAIGN &OXGS AY THE QUARTET.
ALL ARE LUELCOME.
W. 31. CXTTTEB. GEOEGE STOJTE,
Ssrrstirr. Chaims^i Bepoblless State Central Coznsittee. .
A2ITTSZMZNTS.
VAUDEVILLrAT ITS BEST
JESSIE BARTLETf DAVIS. :
TATXS AN'D CALD^'ELL. KOI.B
AND DtT-L. il?.. AND 1IP-S JACK
SON". UEBRTCT AND KURDOCX.-*^
- KTSXCAt. T 0RN5T0N*ES. UeGA.BE
AJ&D rAXlEI-*. niOORAFH ;
"r^*-; g«; !=^at» Zjc: E*Icci:t. I*"": Orra
tlulsna -.T*«r-«: • Easarfay «ri Snsfiay.
ntxt T^rrrs
Camille D'Arville.
tan|haus||
the barberof seville
*M--:?-^ K'.yht. TtlGSCON— :
".--¦¦ 7 --•':• BvaSxj
>MT W FFk - HCSCTE3COTF-: «r««aes-
* — --¦ and FatBrday Ets&t*.
1 : \ liMEN" ; Fnlay night.
k **rAUST."
POPCI-AS rr.- -^ 3c ir.l SOc
•4
GRAND OPERA KG USE
"A7'.N"H SATTRDAr AND SV.rDAT.
NEWS -ttiJ^x^y tS H PAHY
— LAST ?;:?."- nights —
J?«e;h Arthur* FasicTis Kjc«>r rira=a.
BLUE JEANS.,.
•¦* M'r.iay — "THE SPOK.TTNO Di_CKn?i"
1 PEICt.*— K>c. 15«r. 23c. SOc.
A ~#w Frcct !1cws Is Orchestra TSc.
: I :.: ts-iop. I5«r. 25c sixr
EraxacS T .-'•.•=-. O~nn r "i""* '»
V^^^ga Jib fi U uj 2/^ " S «* a
I.A«T 2 rCIGHTS.
3ULTXXEE SATCBDAT.
CLAY L. R.
C LEMENT STOCK WELL
AXD A STRONG COilPANT.
THE MAGISTRATE.
" ~~:Nr."TNO NEXT SVNT>AY NI^HT.
....EDDIE FOY....
.^ la "A NIGHT IV TOTVX."
Saturday Night!
nn=T AFFEAR-VN 3C CE AiTERICA C7
T!i; -zzili italiai (iraad Cpera Co.
P^Ft"LAR PRICES— N:*fct..2Se. T^V. 75«
jL^J" m-T^NGTrOITPH Prep. a^J ITanacer
TlIIS WEEK ONLY— TO-XIGHT.
O=l7 JtATTNEE TCMfOHEOW (SATURDAT).
-^* S!f Farce O.TC,r-iy. New Tcrk. TV-srld'a
KELLY'S KIDS.
CO-FTN* 5JAKERS— 3O
All Brieit. "i-^it and N>xr.
UEGULAE POPtTUAR PP.ICES.
r-,-:;r tJC Sc. I*% ile and 7^;
ttaSJ. He. r>% Sc »rJ 3ac
— v « Si— *it Aft*mccn — Tt» H»raJ4 S-juar*
" Ti:-ai»r Karcr Ccai^iy Success. I-'irect r'run
v-?- Tork.
MAN."
MATINEE 1C!I9R:OW A^D SUNlUY.
U=T THREE NIGHTS OF
His Japanese Wife.
?TEXT 3IOXDAT XTGIIT.
•^^* N. Y. Drcs-iway Tb«"Si*r Hit.
W£-UNS OF TENNESSEE.
FF-ICES l^r. -2>% S< SOc.
SEATS NOW ON SAI.E.
CHUTES AND Z00. E^/Sr
Big Vaudeville Show.
ACCATIC EPOETS.OX THE L.4KE.
SPECIAL T0-H0HS0W NIGHT—
taonster Cakewalk !
FISCHER'S co 5 i iL^T on^ USE -
K Et-yaxtt. Actoclo Varxa». if*- Tnal»on.
Pearl Htck=*n «J!4 &*U Mavrr* Plctsrw.
r.;;c.-. ti ScftU. Sc; Matlaft £_^i/.
A2HTS'SHZ3»TS.
SANTA GRUZ
EXCURSION
VIA COAST UnTnTrBOW GAUGE
BOCTKEB3S PACIFIC OOXPAXT.
SUNDAY SEPTEP^BER 30
BATHING BEACH , . .
Fteert Far.d. ?^iocth ani t?T*a=. Good Bath- j
hews a.r.d «>fcli**nr Atter>-Iar.ts.
Oecma rtahtac or Trout j.t»^i?^» ta tt» Broois. ,
B'.g Tr?« Cr?\? Five XXUa Dis-rzr:.
30UH9 TRIP S2.Q0 BOUED TRIP
TSAI27 LEAVES
SAX KTIANCTPCO— Firry La^i:r?. Foot of
Slirk^t Str»-t 7 w a. sa. ;
QAKLAXD — rc-^r:»e=.:h aci ?>a"V;a
Streets T -*5 a. tn. j
ALAMEDA-r»:t-st:?t Station S "'•> «.. m. ;
P«»tC7-fii=s. L^*-» ?arti Cr>iz s.: »:'J p. m.
Arrive Bar FraaMsca °>:"» ?¦ rr.. ',
ticket* cr. Sa> i^Ei'T. Tth. nth ar.>1 25th, iU ¦
MARKET ST.. eras'! Hotel BIcci.
Alv! :n th» Mcmtn* of th<» Excursion »t th» :
F»rr>- tJTiinr. Fourteenth jp! Fra^:<lin «ts.. !
oaitlar.-:. an<i Fark-st Btatbm. Alaaaeds.
E. O UeCOBMICK. T. H. GOODMAN.
FJua TtaObc Ma=a5r«r. Oer. Pa^s. A*t. ;
TANFORAN FAIR
EXTRAOKDCTART SPORT FOR FP.IDAT. j
?EfTEMBEP. 3.
E-3CLE RUKXIXG RACE. WITH CHANGE ;
r soicses kach MrL=^
FTfVifr HaXDUNC OF HXGB-CXASS SAD- '
OLE HORSES BY KISS JANS MAP.VIX. ;
CQTTBOT EXHIBITION OF- BRONCHO RIC-
IV 'I
POST AND HITRri-E R-\<~E«.
BEXCH .-HOW. ST>>7K SHOW. FOTTL.THT •
SHOW.
Take traiaa at Third and Townsend rts. at .
SM>. 11:5" ar m.. 12:3). 1 and 1:K B- m.
?y«?^:a; train Saturday. 13 a. ta.. for attleti': ;
HESBT J. CROCKER. Fna'Aizt. '•
GEO. A. NE'tTHALL, S^cr^tary. j
SUTRO B^THS.
Cre= D»fly Ftvm 7 A. 11 tall P. il-
Bathise Frcra 7 A. M. to a P M. i
Ad=!«sicn. 10c; Cbllir-jn. 5c.
Eath'.rr. Iii-Ju<1mc »fath«log. SSe: Ch!Mr»i Kc. ;
Economy
in the use of
5 Use it in place of lard
1 and butter — only half
| as much
I Needed for Shortening
\ Pure — Healthful.
Ask your grocer or -write
India Refining Co.
Philadelphia, Pa.
M^g^V tttt ny KIia«y Cere j
*^cl2&f».T^\ will crre 90 c«s:
58 ®**^^^ d all fcraa of kidney
#t5r eoisylalat and la
3c«: serious izrzz-. ol
mBrijht's iisezse. I:
plicated e«d a fozr-
<«nce Till of crtae.
We wU uulrze tt
»e<l miTise you tree
whit to •!•>.
UTNT0X.
At tH trzzz:*'*. SBe. a *.t\. GtM# to n«altb
„.,« — l r*'<~ s - «¦;*;¦-. <—» 1V« 1T"1 sr. Pills.
§MM, MGOR. VTrAUTYforMEX
MORMON* BISHOP'S PILL-S
hav« fc^en in tnw crer firty
7»ars by th" leaders of th«
Mormon Church and thetr fol-
'...irerB. Pw-sltivfly cnr*s th*
wont ca««» ta old and yocr.*
aririnc frcm effects of «elf-
afca*->. dissipation, excttss^ or
oiirir*tti»-'«r;cilsx- Cures Lost
Machotid. I=r^r-ncy. Lest
Poorer.- Xlsr^t Looses. Insctn-
: rii. Pa!=» L^ Da^lc. EtCI •t>*«tT-°i«. LaaM Back.
: Kerraea lJ-W!!tr. H»adach«. UnStness to Mar-
| rr. Lr» tt S^ru-r.. «, -^ Var'.crcel<» cr Con-
: «ti;'ati.-;s. Stops N> *^> fl rvocs TwttchiKj
; r- Er^UJa. ES^t'JT^Jtrla r e bma*<Uate.
, faf »n visor jnd'' tn *5»r t il«=c7 to every
: ficctlsE. t^co't s*' ''.*»c>n«5»st : a. nir» ts at
¦ bsad. Keatcr«s siaan. cmJeTeicp-'J cryans.
: S:i^ i u!ate* the train ac>! n»rT(» c«?cters; ZDc a
j fc»:x: S i or n IA br natl. A written riarante- to
i cur* cr inocey r»f3n-;i>d with t bci^s. Clnmlars
' *r«>. A4.irw« BLsHOP P.EMEDT t^O.. 40 Ei!U
i St.. 5a= t>ar<-i«.ro. Oal.. OH.VXT DRUG CO..
; 9 «r '. 45 "toix* <L
OR JORDAN'S »£atJ
jgasEoa ofihatqmy!
A ]7^\ '/ 1 . *T*T *** Jt* lv ~J *¦* Jft
. T 4jr Tie Ljrr-*tAjar&«iiC*l Xnnn h: tb« \
i w *^*&"* w e»c^""i« or *-»y rsnmeted
'/ ijjf^ d.ies».-pr^i«i»*lTe«r»«Ryrte eldest >
»>• I.J5 'vi J?ccataic» t^ i.cwl Eit jiysu*. $
Q A ' "^^ *"K«T« p'-rsrjnsi; : j tsr by l<tT-T. A A
T jj 7 Mi tmta* Ctrt u <nzrj cast aaiirtaln-a. \
crt ill • ; " - f r 3rc - «r k
1 Fl I ; 1 JIABaUCE. KUIIB warm <Ar
• ob. juBOAX&co..raiMutctst..9.r. f
MEN
s*mk LOST VICOR
lev* ™i RESTORED!
1 <!pS^^ DR. COOPER & GO.,
1 fS^m San. 7"ranciaco. Ca!.
Dr. Bennett's Electric Belt
MaJces v«ak b«s ar.i womre atrosc and atronv
rces ir.-i wcm« streamer. Roccs t axA. S, iT
Pest >t., S»a Fraa-risco, C»L
Electric Seal |
Collarette, 1
3 $5.50 f,
8 The above cut illustrates ¦
i one cf the prettiest little S
| Electric Sail Collarettea 1
we have ever offered at E
t- any price. The yoke is §
}: of River Mink; it is 10 $•
I inches dsep and lined with
I Sa^in. Five Dollars and ct
I Fifty Cents. If you can't f}
q come, order by cxaiL ?]
8 Another Electric Seal f\
y Collarette, y
'1 Witb a blue M-uaon tap csl- ft
¦ lar ani tori;.-. Tato Ion» p
9 uihi liasJ wi.h qq EZf\ 4
p fancy brocade... O O • O \J a
y Headquarters for g
¦S t Feather Boas. ?j
S Every sarrarnt brars ocr aims p
y — a jU3r3a:ee of q-uality and *5
K| aisoitr.s sifsty. w
9 HXiebes I
ji cConopaisy a
I 133-137 Po'st/t & jNEW YORK. Sept. 27.— A slight reaction was
noted In tin In the local metal market circles
to-day. -Cables from London wer?£l lower on
spot and £1 lCs oft on . f utureB. ¦ This Influence
New York Metal Market.
NEW YORK, Sept. 27.— Cotton futures closed
barely steady with * net loss of 7©30 points,'
tho latter m September only.
Nezv York Cotton Market.
SHEEP— Receipts. 13.000; iteady; lamb^.
steady to flow; good to choice wethers. $3 900
4 25; fair to choice mixed, $3 CC@3 90; Western
Bheep, S3 00@4 20; Texas sheep, $2 M@3 CO;
lambs, native, $4 50^3 £0; Western Jambs, U 73
(&3 30. : - -v. . : :.;.:: .^rf^H
HOGS— Receipts. 30.000; estimated for to
morrow. 21.000: left over, 4000: 5c lower; top,
$5 50; mixed and butchers. $5 10@5 50; good to
choice heavy, $6 lO'SS 50; rough heavy, $4 95©
h 05; light, $5 20(&3 65; bulk of sales, $5 20@5 1%.
CHICAGO, Sept.. 27.— CATTLE— Receipts.
S000; good steers generally 10c higher, all others
elow; natives, good to prime steers, $", 45@
5 M; poor to medium, $4 50@5 40; selected feed
ers, choice steady, others slow at $.'( 80^4 50;
mixed stockers weak at $2 50SJ3 60; cows. $2 S0((r
4 10; heifers, $2 Sfls.i i «5; canners, I2T/2 70* bulls
J2 50<fM SO; calveK, |4 60«{6 60; Texas fed steers!
$4 20©5; grass steers, $3 35@4 10; bulls, $2 40iip
Chicago Livestock Market.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— • Sept. Dec.
Opening 6 2Vi « 4>4
Closing 6 2 6 4i4
PARIS.
¦Wheat— Sept. Jan.-Apl.
Opening 20 15 21 70
Closing 20 15 2170
Flour-
Opening 2C 00 27 SS
Closing 28 05 27 80
Sweet . Potatoes . continue to decline under In
creasing receipts. Other Potatoes, are un
charged. ' Onions remain about the same.
Green Peas are firm at the advance already
noted. Grean ' Corn Is weaker. - Other Wege
tables show little variation. - ¦ , -. •. .
POTATOES— Early Rose. 37V-@40c; Burbanks,
40(g6;c for Rivers and 75c@U Co per ctl ror ba-
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Dealers continue to quote a dull and featura
lesa market for all descriptions. .
BEANS— Bayos. $2 60@2 75; Small White, $J 50
©3 75; I-arge White. J2 B0@2 63; Pink. }2 60®
2 65; Red, J3@3 23; Blackeye. $2 60S2 75; Lima.
$. r . liiSo 25; 1'ea. »3 T5@4; Red Kidneys. $3 25<«
3 50.
SEEDS — Brown Mustard, 3%igic; Tellfiw
Mustard, 4 s 4ig5c; Flax, J2{f2 50; Canary, 3'ac
per lb for California and 4c for Eastern; Al
falfa, nominal; Rape. 2'/4<g 3c: Hemp, 434iic;
Timothy, 4(&4>4c.
DRIKIJ PRAS— Niles. $1 2301 75; Green. $1 80
©2 05 per ctl; Blackeye, $1 50.
Beans and Seeds.
Hay shews no further advance, but the mar
ket is very steady, with still higher prices ex
pected by the trade.
The firmness in Bran continues, and stocks
arc very limited.
BRAN- J161-17 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $19(Jf21 per ton.
FEKDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. J16@17 50 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, J26@27; Jobbing.
$27 50S28; Cocoanut Cake, $20@21; Corn Meal.
I2CA27: Cracked Corn. V* 5O*f»7 60; Mixed Feed.
$13 5O®14. •
HAY— Volunteer, $507 50; Wheat, $10<gl3;
Wheat and Oat, *ii)<212; Oat, J8 50fJll;
Clover, |436; Alfalfa. $6@7 50; Barley, i J?©9
per ton.
STRAW— 30@37V4c per bale.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
1 2o; in sacks, $5 75©7; Pearl Barley. |5;
Peas. $5; Green Peas, $5 50 per , 100 lbs.
Articles- Recebts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 27.000 23,000
Wheat, bushels 391.00) 334 000
Corn, bushels 368,003 457 000
Oats, bushels 254,001 24° 000
Rye, bushels 5,000 ...'..
Barley, bushels 96,000 S^OOO
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was steady. Creamery. '16ig'22c; Dairy
13<S18c. Cheese, firm, 10y4@n«i C . Eggs, flrm;
fresh. 16c.
NEW VOnx. Sept. 27.— To-day's noteworthy
alvan-es in prices of Mocks were primarily Jue
to the existence of a largre outstanding short
Interest. Manipulation against the fhorts was
bIfo vrry obvious and in the hands of strong
end resourceful Interest*. The bidding: up of
carrif-d prices Fwlftly away from the
t-eatr in the very crisis of their dlFtress and
Ihtn was a notable recalUng of stocks which
have hren loaned to the ehorts on advantaB»
fus terms for a long time pa*t. This could
only be the r^ult of powerful manipulation
to force the Fhorts to buy Ft'>cks to cover. But
¦while these facts were obviously true, the up
var.i reaction oouH hardly have been precipi
tated or extended tt the lengths lt has with
out a strong revulsion of Fpeculatlve sentl
rrv-nt from the derrcsslon which has Induced
the liquidation for tome time past. Almost the
f-ntire credit for this revulsion must be. given
to the growing conviction, strengthened by
Ficnlficsnt admissions fmm authoratative I
tourrcs. that arrive n«-gottations are eolnu for
•rard lirtween the anthracite coal operators and
the miners and that a baeis .of settlement has
b*en formulated with good hop* of success.
The violence of the recovery in prices on this
development is astonishing. considering the
email imjire.-'sion that has been made on the
pric* of coal-carrying railroads since the
ptnke has been In force and which ha* given
the lrrrire«Ficn that there was little short Fell
ing bflnr done on account of the strike. This
furpoFitioc will scarcely hnld in view of the
larre beaj- account which wa* disclosed by the .
conviction that a ttrike settlement is Imminent.
But lt must be borne In mind that when prices
are once forcibly diverted i n a riven direction
In Wall Ftreet. eentlment on al! rwints Is made
to conform to the new order of thlnga. The
mercurial minds of the !"i>eculators. In con- i
fomiity with this rule, to-day threw off all
thf.r lowering apprehenMcns of the coming
etrir.geri.-y cf the money market. The down
ward plunge of fterlirx exchange of a full half
cent in th» pound for both actual and posted
rates heii^i to this result. The strength of
the. Mock market, growing into buoyancy, was
otr.t'.nuouE after an opening dip tn prices due
to the chagrin of the bears, who were driven
to cover last night on a rumor of the coal
Ftrtke Bettlemem which was net confirmed thia
morning. The extreme Advances in the coal
rn ran up to 9%, in New Jersey Central and
the leading fpecialtlef and local traction stocks
recovered from 2 to 3Vi points. In the active
railroad lirt net ce.lns of 1 to 2 points are the
lule. with {he closing active, and stronr «t
tb"ut the toil. - r ..s",' *
Bond? lrr.prove.1 in sympathy with stocks th#
BpecaUUrc issues leading. Total sales ' nai
value. JSJ".C90. ' y
fnited States new fours advanced *£ in th«,
* r "NEW YORK STOCK LIST
Bold. Strok*— Bld "
Atchlsrn 27,.
2«.4i5 At'hlson prefd Jii
T.07.-. Baltimore & Ohio '.'." cgil
300 ''anadian Pacific *" fcg
<"anada Pouthera 4SV.
!.«<!!> (.'hceaprake & Ohio 2;.;
1 .-»"•' ¦¦"• <^hica^-o Great Western 30 "
• 2T.:;2'> <7->irag;n Burlington & Qulncy 1TI'»
Zl<* Chicago In.I & Louisville 20'.
<70 dilcaco Ind & LnUtvlIle prefd zv~ 3
'Cbteaco & Eastern Illinois <«e
4W Chicago & Northwestern id
S.42ft ChicsKo Rork Island & Pacific 105^:
T.410 <¦ c c & t^t I^ouls ciVi
Colorado Southern 0
100 Colorado Southern 1st prefd 37
Colorado Fwthern 24 prefd 13*i
1.K0 Delaware & Hudson 110
C20 Delaware Lack & Western lTSV
Denver A- Itio Grande U14
0 Dfcnver & Itio Grande prefd 66
Nezv York Stock Market.
EASTERN MARKETS.
Flour, unchanged and quiet; No. 3 spring
wheat. 70<5:74 I /4c; No. 2 red. 77H®79c; No. 2
corn, 41^c; No. 2 yellow, 42g"42%c; No. 2 oats,
22'4'&22Vic; No. 2 white, 25\»3>27c; No. 3 white,
2<KG25%e; No. 2 rye, 52Vic; fair to choice malt-
Ing. 54&57c; No. 1 flax seed, $1 52; No. 1 North
western. $1 52; prime timothy seed. {» 30<§4 50:
mess pork, per barrel, $12 25<??12 30; lard, per
mo pounds, |7 O7V4®-7 10; short ribs sides (loose),
?S4j8 20; dry salted shoulders (boxed). 6Vi@6%c;
short clear sides (boxed), $8 2O@8 30; whisky,
basis of high wines, Jl 26; sugars, cut loaf
6.60c: granulated, 6.10c; confectioners' A 6 00c
off A. 5.93c.
Cash quotations were as follows
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds—
September 7 72% 8 10 7 72H 8 10
October 7 G7H 7 77% 7 57^ 7 77%
January 6 12V4 6 20 6 12H 6 17*4
Articles — Open. Hlrfh. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
September 77% 1"%. 77»i 77H
October 77H Vi% 77H 77H
November 78Vi 7S% 77% 78U
Corn No. 2 — |
September 43H 44 42^ 42Vfr
October 43 40% 40 49
November" 37Va 37V4 37 37%
Oats No. 2—
September 21% 22 21*4. 22
October 22 22 2176 21T*
November 22% 22H 22?» 22H
Mess Pork, per barrel—
October 12 25 12 50 12 20 12 20
November 1130 1135 11 30 ' 11 324
January 1150 1162^4 1150 1160
Lard, per 100 pounds — • .
October 7 00 7 O7',i 7 00 7 07V4
November 6 97^4 7 05 6 9~H 7 05
January 6 75 6 SJ 6 75 6 80
I-IILLSTUFFS— Prices In eacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour. J3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, %2 75; Rye
Meal. $2 50: Rice Flour. »7; Corn Meal. %2 75,
extra cream do, $3 60; Oat Groats, %i 50; Hom
iny, J3 60(g3 75; Buckwheat Flour. J4®4 25;
Cracked Wheat, ?3 £0; Farina, J4 60; Whole
Wheat Flour. J3 26; Rolled Onts (barrels), $6®
FLOUR— California Family Extras. J3 60@
8 75. usual terms; Bakers' Extras. $3 40<33 SO;
Oregon and Washington. $2 75@3 10 per barrel
for family and $3 15M3 50 for bakers'- Eastern
|4 75<ff5 75 per barrel.
Flour and Millstuffs.
White, $1 15@1 30; Surprise, Jl 3;@1 40; Red
$1 lOffll 20; Gray, $1 10®l 20; Black, for feed
$1 lOfel 15; for se«»d. U 15@1 20 per ctl. -
CORN— None offerlrg.
RYE-90@92%o per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— Nominal.
Second Session— No sales.
Regular Morning Session— December— 2000 ctlB.
75%c; C0OO. 7514c. .
Afternoon Keeslon— December— 2000 ctls, 75^c
OATS— The market continues dull and un
changed.
Informal Session— No sales,
CALL BOARD SALES.
Feed. 75c for choice bright, 72\i<tnZ\c for Xo
1 and 67H'ff70c for off grades ; Brewing and
Shipping grades, 77W4 S2Vjc; Chevalier, nomi
nal.
Afternoon Session — December — S000 ctls $1 07H
BARLEY— The feeling is decidedly better. The
demand for good Feed has Improved consider
ably within the past day or two.
Regular Morning Session— December— 2000 ctls
Jl 07T4: £000, U07%. May-2000, $1 14*i; 4000
$1 14>4; 2000, $1 14%.
Secon.l Session — No sales.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— December—
lO.fM rtls, $1 08^»; 22,000, $1 OS. May— 2000
$1 1..H; 12.000. $1 15.
CALL BOARD SALES
i-pot Wheat— Shipping. $1 03%; Milling, $1 06V1
©1 OSfi.
Chicago opened tame on Indifferent cables,
but the feeling was steady. There was a good
shipping demand, 250,000 bushels being taken
at Chicago and 3C0.000 at Kansas City for ship
ment.
In the local market futures were lower.
WHEAT— The foreign markets showed little
change. New York stood about the same.
Wheat and Other Grains.
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — $4 83
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 87
Sterling Cables — 4 SS
New York Exchange, sight — 07%
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 10
Fine Silver, per ounce — 63H
Mexican Dollars, nominal CO <S 51
CHICAGO, Sept. 27.— October wheat opened
unchanged at 77*ic to 77Vic and soon after
touched 77'sc. the feeling being rather bearish
because of favorable weather In the North
west. A report that the French crop estimate
Is now t3,000,000 lees than a month ago stiffened
the views of holders and a reaction began.
This was helped along by a liberal falling
off in the aggregate receipt* at the big West
ern markets. These Uvo factors were the chief
influences In the advance of October to 77* 4 Qi
77 7 -»c. The bulge brought out profit-taking
wheat and the market declined to 77!ic where
it steadied on reports of good export sales an.i
the close was flrm, October Vic higher, at
77',2 l 57"Hc •
Business in the com pit was quite small not
withstanding the nervousness Indicated by lre
quent variations In price. October closed He
lower at 40c.
Oats were dull and featureless. October
closed a shade down at 2lTfcc.
Provisions were dull, but firm, sustained by_
a demand from local shorts and packers. Tha'
opening was easy because of liberal hog: re
ceipts. January pork closed 5c higher, lard
a shade up and ribs 2%t?5c Improved.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Chicago Grain Market.
G. II. WILLSON, Local Forecast Official,
«
FORECAST.
An area of h:ch i>r*-ssure is central over the
p!at*>au r»-(?ion, while the lowest pressure Is
!<"-?• rtc«i fp"rr! Arliona. The pressure has fallen
' i-«r Wafhinirtrn and Oregon and along the
((¦ntrsl California coast and risen over the
,.•-.;¦: resign.
Tbe tenii^f rature has risen in all districts.
The ri.se he.s been marked along the Central
California roast.
The weather is cloudy over Northwestern
XVafhlnpoa and clear in other districts.
'""nations are favorable for fair weather in
California Friday.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours • n^irg midnight September 2S:
Northern California— Fa!r Friday; warmer In
th»- Interior; light northerly wind.
.~outhf-rr. California — Fair Friday; !!eht north
erly vind.
Nevada— Fair: warmer Friday
Utah— Fair; warmer Friday.
Aiiz >na— Fair Fri^cy.
Sitn Francisco :md vicinity — Fair Friday;
c.Minufd warm; hjht northerly wind.
P^d Bluff 82 San Plegu 74
Fresno S4
Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
>¦¦ '; minimum, £-4; mean. €7.
WI.ATHEU CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
<12'Hh Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, Srpt. 2T-5 p. m.
The following maximum temperatures were
roported from Ftatlcns in California to-day:
Kcrfka 6! Lot Angles 90
!r.-jepenc5ence CS'Sacramento 52
ML Tama;rais 72 San Luis Obispo 88
Weather Report.
Dried Fruit in New York.
The N»w York Commercial says: "The In
<-r»a«inp strength of raisins continues the ab
f-rMrx? feature. Cabips keep coming reporting
further advances on new foreign goods. All
market? h^re ar.d abroad are practically bare
<f Ftr.ck*. prices of foreign raisins are prac
tically prohlbitii-e and the scarcity of currants
If certain to increase considerably the demand
fr-r loose raisir.B.
"Valencia raisins on spot have advanced to
? r rf- firm, aft^r sales yesterday an.i late the
day previous of fror.i 2000 to :.">00 boxes at S^c.
«ablt»s ystfrday reported an advance of la
on new Malagas, while latest advices from
Bj^yrna quotf new Fultanas at prices equlv
e9nt to ISc for one-crown to over ISc for five
< tmra.
"^fji loose an>1 seeded raisins are quite ac
tlv». S»!es of 1000 Ixjxps of two-crown and
« j;»«i»}-r j-,, wn li»c«:*» *.Iuscatpls were rer^rt^d ut
r^< an1 7c for seeding purposes. Pj>ot seeded
trt Felling quite Irfrty to the jobbing trade al
: ' 4 o for •ocond grade and Sic fv>r first jjraile.
Bpot prones are selling freely to the jobbing
trade at 7 s <ie for 4't-iOs. Currants ore quiet.
'}'• a :•¦;¦•>• oi applep Is weaker.
'Trado in almuni!!', both new California an<l
ep<>t for/i?n nuts. If quite active. Business of
considerable *ize wes reported yesterday In
r.*v.- Califnrr.ia fhelled a'.monds at ZS'QXte.
¦ oast. H;> t TanaRnnas are In verj' good de
mand at ir,' 4 c. Sal«-s of 150 bags were re
jH,rt»?<3."
Irr.prrts of specie at this port during the first
»-!eht months of the year wore J12.o51.2CS.
against 10^223,961 durlnp the ?ame time In 1SS?.
the leading sources being ft? follows: Fmri
Mextca fl.53s.643: Australia. jr>.«35.430: Japan.
M.Z39.S91: Hawaiian Islands. J<v.9.140 The de
s.-:i;:n« (nere es follows: Gold bullion. I19S.-
G . gold coin. I16.601.S77; silver bullion. J1.433.-
ECS: silver ocln. JSs^.TST; treasurj- notes. $C2.i27.
Itn ports of Specie.
NEW YORK. Sept. 27.-The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
The markets here were Idle, drooping and
featureless to-day. Berlin sold heavily, mainly
Northera Paclflcs ar.d Canadian Pacifies on
further contemplated restrictive bourse ex-
London Market.
110 Erie 10%,
100 Erie 1st prerd S2\ ;
COO Great Northern prefd 130% !
Hocking Coal 13 ]
SCO Hockine Valley 31=4
ISO Illinois Central 116
ZOO Iowa Ontrn! 17 l i 1
100 Iowa Central prefd 37Vj !
I^eke Erie £ Western 21V* ¦
Lake Erie & Western prefd 5<2H [
Liike Shore 203 !
7,200 Louisville & Nashville 71%
B.SJO Manhattan L S6Vs i
S.O60 Metropolitan Street Railway 14S j
320 Mexican Central 11 s , j
100 Minneapolis & St Louis 0IV2 j
100 Minneapolis & St Ivduis prefd 91 .
U.100 Missouri Pacific 4S»i I
Mobile & Ohio 33'-j. ;
SCO Missouri Kansas & Texas !> ! i j
S2U Missouri Kansas & Texas prefd 2T"» !
2.610 New Jersey Central 13U; \
5,415 New York Central 12S»i '•
4.400 Norfolk & Western 331.4, j
Norfolk * Western prefd 74'4 |
2S.C30 Northern Paeitte 48^ j
2.611O Northern Pacific prefd 67^ i
2,€i; Ontario & Western 20'i j
<"in?gnn Railway & Nav 42 |
S.C?4 Or-ppon Railway & Nav prefd 7« |
65.1 Pennsylvania 12S i
33.040 Reading 15V4 I
1.41/1 Reading 1st prefrj 5S^i '
Reading M prefd 23 ! i I
Rio Grande Western i^t |
Rio Grande Western prefd 90 |
St Louis & ?an Fran S 1 * ;
?t Louis & San Fran 1st prefd 64 '
100 St Louis & Pan Fran 2d prefd 32 s ; |
5uO St Louis fc-cuthwesterr. IIS ;
1.200 Ht Louis Southwestern prefd 26% ;
21.135 iJt Paul 112'i I
Ht Paul prefd 173 |
4. £20 St Paul & Omaha 105 j
1.010 Southern Pacific 32
3.K.0 Southern Railway lUi j
1.100 Southern Railway prefd 51^i 1
25.000 Texas & Pariftc U 3 * i
1.215 Union Pacific 5«
Union Pacific prefd 72%
SCO Wabarh 7 I
1<V) WabaFh prefd t 17% |
L0M Wheeling & Lake Erie S«i
SCO Wheeling & Lake Erie 2d prefd...... 22<4
Wisconsin Central W£
Third Avenue 10S£ I
Express Companies — '
Adorns 123 j
American 100
T'nlted States 45
Wells Fargo 124
Miscellaneous —
150 American Cotton Oil 32H
American Cctton Oil prefd ?8 i
250 American Malting 4 j
American Malting prefd 21
1.000 American Smelting & Refining 36H
635 American Smelting & Ref prefd 88
American Spirits 1V£
American Spirits prefd 17 =
1.0<V> American Steel Hoop 1SU
2ijO American Steel Hoop prefd 64*i \
6.70O American i-teel & Wire*. 31>4 !
1.S64 American Steel & Wire prefd 71
1,000 American Tin Plate 26
S.V) American Tin Plate prefd :... 79
10,400 American Tobacco S9^4
100 American Tobacco prefd 126
500 Anaconda Mining Co 42'4
47,000 Brooklyn Rapid Transit 61%
6.000 Colorado Fuel & Iron 31V»
2.0;9 Continental Tobacco 2J
£35 Continental Tobacco prefd 75*i
2.4'.O Federal Steel 32U I
S00 Federal Stctl prerd «3 |
562 General Electric 134 I
300 Glucose Sugar 60 !
Glucose Sugar prefd 9«>£ i
1.410 International Paper IS j
LS0 International Paper prefd 62 |
Laclede Gas 63 I
1,010 National Hiscult 29%
National Biscuit prefd 8G
National Lead 17U
!10 Xatlonal I^ead prefd 90 j
S50 National Steel 24Vi !
200 National Steel prefd.. S2>i j
310 New York Air Brake 117 i
V>Q North American 14^ '
Pacific Coast ;>3
Pacific Coast 1st prefd 80
Pacific Const 2<3 prefd 63
1.2W Pacify Mail 2S 7^
36.27.". People's Gas R6U.
KO Pressed Steel Car 34
Pressed Sfel Car prefd 70%i
Pullman Palace Car 152
710 Standard Roi'e & Twine i\ \
43,473 Sugar 116*4 i
Sugar prefd 114
7.F60 Tennessee Coal & Iron 55%
S00 United States Leather 9»J
237 United States Leather prefd 66 j
S«0 United Ptates Rubber 2S',i I
410 United States Rubber prefd !<2
We?t*rn Union 7R^ I
1.220 Republic Iron & Steel 11
15S Republic Iron & Steel prefd 61»i i
P C C &. St Louis 4S
432.400 Shares sold.
CLOSING BONDS.
U S 2s refunding. I do 4s 90
when Issued, reg.lO3?i!N V Cent lsts lCS'J
do. coup 104VN J Cent gen 5s...l22*i I
do 3s res 10i\|^o Pac 3s 65 '
do coup 10!* : ; t do 4s lC3',i i
do new 4s reg. ...134'; N Y C & St L 4s..lO6'4 I
do coup 134'ilNorf & W con 4s.. S7 s i
do old 4s reg 114»i;Or Nav lsts 103 I
do coup llolii do 4s 102
do 6s reg llSH 'Or S Line 6s 127
do coup 113'l! do con Ss 113'£
Di« of Col 3.65s 123 jReadlng cen 4s S6=>i I
Atchison gen 4s 101H|R G W lsts 9S»i j
do adj 4s »V4 8t L & I M con 5s.U2'i
Can So 2ds 106U et L & S F gen Cs.J23
Ches & Ohio 4V4s.. SS'iiSt Paul cons 16S
do 5s US'- St P C & Pac lsts. 117H
C & NW con 7s 139 do Is US 1 *
do S F deb 5s. ..120 So Pac 4s 76»;
Chi Term 4s 92 ?o Ry 5s IQ84
Colo So 4a 7&vi S Rope & Twine 6s 66
D & R G lsts 103 |Tex & Pac lsts....H2<4
do 4s 97'ji do 2ds 60
Erie gen 4s e7Hjfnton Pac 4a 1*5
Ft W & D C lsts.. 71 Wabash lsts 117«
Gen Elec 5« 118 do 2ds 101
Iowa Cen lsts 113 |West Shore 4s H2«4
K C P & G lsts.... SStijWiji Cent lsts 83
M K &. T 2d» 64',4!Va cent 89%
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar 18 Ontario 6 23
Crown Point 10|Ophlr 00
Con Cal & Va 1 OojPlymouth n
Deadwood ..., 45 Quicksilver 150
Gould & Curry 2S| do prefd n eo
Hale & NorcroBs... ZO'Sierra Nevada .... 27
Homestak* f.0 00 Standard t (fl
Iron Silver €5 Union Con is
Mexican /S Yellow Jacket is
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money — 'Union Pacific 66
Tall loans 3?ljWest End 02
Time leans 4'8' r >i\Vis Cent 10V4
Stocks— I Bonds—
Atchison 27»4Atchison 4s «s»i
do prefd 69'/»N K G & Coke &«.. 61
Am Sugar 116%; aiming shares
do prrfd lU'/i 'Adventure 3U
Am Telephone 1*.' jAllouer. Min Co ... IK
Boston Elevated... 145 !Amalg Copper . SS
Iioston & Maine... 187 ! Atlantic ->2>4
C H & Q 123'inoFtcn & Mont...!312'
Dom Coal Mfc Butte & Boston.... Cl
l>o prefd 110 , Calumet & Hecla..74O
Fed Steel :!2',i Ontennial I3«
do prefd r,3 .Franklin is
Fitchburg prefd ...1KU Humlwldt .. 25
Gtn Eiec IMVjiOsceola "*" 63
do pr^fd 139 iParrct 41
Ed Elec III 210 iQuincy 142
lies Ont 11 jFanta Fe Copper.. 4
M!-b Telephone .. S3 Tamarack ........ ">'<i*.
N E G & <-ok# HUiftaJi Mining »&
<^)M «:olony 204- iWinona ;>!
Old Dominion 15 IWclverines ; S3
sharp upward course, which they held until
the last hour, guided by local covering, a good
demand for cash wheat throughout the coun
try, light speculative offerlngirand small North
west receipts. They finally eased off uader
realizing and closed about steady at He de
cline to He net advance. March, SSU@37 l-16c.
closed S6%c; May, S6H / 9 > S6->gc, closed fcfi^c: Sep
tomber closed 81 s 4c; October closed Sl^ic; De
cember closed 84c.
HOPS— Quiet.
HIDES— Firm. i
WOOL— Dull.
COFFEE— Spot— Rio, steady: No. 7 Invoice,
SUc nominal;- mild, quiet. Futures closed
steady with prices unchanged to five points
lower. Total sales, 23.750 bags, including: Sep
tember, J6 90'56 a5: October, $5 85: November,
$6 95c: January. %-, 10; February. S~ 15@7 20;
March. $7 25; May, J7 35.
SUGAR— Raw. firm: refined, firm.
n UTTER— Receipts, 3738 packages; steady.
Creamery. 21fl?22\jc; June creamery, lS@21Hc:
factory, 1431«Hc.
EGGS— Receipts, 7000 packages: steady. West
ern, regular packing, at mark, 12%@lSc; West
ern, loss off, 20c.
DRIED FRUITS.
EVAPORATED APPLES— The market for
evaporated apples showed no Important changes
In iirk es or features. State common were quoted
at 3'<J3c; prime. 4 s i@5'ic; choice, l>\i®6c; fancy,
California dried fruits were rather quiet, but
about steady, at old prices, on the basis of
3Vi'S7 I ic per pound for prunes, as to size and
quality.
APRICOTS-Royal, llfTHe; Moorpark. 15(J?lGc.
PEACHES— Peeled, 14fflSc; unpeeled, 6g9c.
I NEW YORK. Sept. 27.— FLOUR— Receipts,
I 2S.S03: exports. 17.603. Slow, being held above
I buyers' views by the mills.
WHEAT— Receipts, 150.770: exports, 127.S99.
Spot— Steady. No. 2 red. S3Vic f. o. b. afloat
; and SIVic elevator: No. 1 Northern Duluth. 67o
I f. o. b. afloat, new: No. 1 hard Duluth, JOVic
I f. o. b. afloat. Options, after an easy starts
: based on clearing Northwest weather, took a
New York Grain and Produce.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
4s quar coup..H5 1 ;il6 s i 4s do cp (new)134U13Cii
4s do reg 114*4114% 3s do coup 109\110%
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Cal-st Cab- Bs.llS 119 Oak Water 5». — 1C3
C C Water 5s..l06V2lO7 Oceanic SS 5S.107U —
Eii L a 1' 6s..1jO',i — Urn C Ry tie...U»'A —
F & Cl Ry 6s.. — — Pac G Imp 43.101& —
Geary-st R 6s. — 93 P & Cl Ry 6s. 104 —
H C A S 5^s. — — P A O R R 6s. 115 —
Do 5s .... — 105 Powell-st R 6sll7 —
L A Ry 5s 107 107% Sac L. GARos.lCOH —
L A Lt Po 6s. - Iff) S F & S J V5S.12O 120H
Do gntd Cs.. — — S R of Cat lis.lliv; -
L A sntd 5s... 100 502Vi S P of A 6s 111'41HV4
L A P R R Es. — 102 S P C «s »19uS)
Mnrk-t-st 6S...12SH _ (Series A) 110<4 —
Do 1st M 5s..ll7T»im4 Do (Series B)lll —
N fi N O H ;». - II:. S P C «s tt906>.113t& —
N R of Cal 6s. 113 K5 Do (1912) 121Vil22'4
Do os 11SU119 S P R 1-t gntd — —
N H L' R R 6s.l»l — S P Br 6s 132s;iS3Va
Do 5s 106 107 S V Water Cs.mW —
N Cal Ry 6s..- 1U Do 4s 103 103%
Oak G L & H.109 — Do 3d mt«...102 —
Oak Tran 6s... — — Stocktn Gas 6s — 102V»
WATER STOCKS. |
Contra Costa.. 69% 63% Spring Valley. 9614 —
Mann County. 51^ — i
GAS AND ELECTRIC STOCKS.
Cent G L Co.. — — iPac L Co — 44H
C»nt L * P Co — ft Sac El G&RCo 33 40
Equit G L Co. 3«4 3H S F G & E.... 52% 53
Mutual El Co.. 10H 11 [San Francisco. » 5«4
O G L & H.... 43>4 30 iStkn G & E Co — 14
Pac Gas Imp.. — 4214)
INSURANCE STOCKa .
Flrem's Fund.22S — /
BANK STOCKS.
Anglo-Cal Ltd. 6S 69 Lon P & A. ...133 —
Bank of Cal.. .405 410 Merchants' Ex 15 —
Cal S D & T..luo - Nev Nat Bk... — —
First Natlonl..2S5 300
SAVINGS BANKS.
Ger S & L. — 1900 Sav & L So.... — 824
Hum S & L.. — — Sec Sav Bk — —
Mut Sav Bk... 4SH — Union T Co.... — —
S F Sav U....51Q. — ! •
STREET RAILROAD STOCKS.
California 123 — O S L &. H.... — 45
Geary-st — — Presidio — 22'^
Market-st 67 —
POWDER STOCKS.
California — lR?Vi : Vlgorlt ., 2U 3Vi
Giant Con Co.. 81 S3 I
SUGAR STOCKS.
Hana S P Co.. "hi S Kllauea S P C 21 22 1
Haw C & S Co — f9 Makawell S Co 43H 44
Honokaa S Co. 30'i 31 » 'ti» mra k < w. " '
Muicn s .1' Co 23 i» iPaauhau S Co. 30*; 31
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Al Pack Assn. — 125 Pac A F A 1% —
Cal Fruit Asn. 97^ — Pac C Bor Co. 150 151V1
Nier Ex A?*n.. »7 100 | Par Paint Co. 12 13\,
Oceanic S Co.. 93^ 34 1
Morning Session.
Board —
200 Hana Plantation Co. s 30 7 50
300 Hana Plantation Co. s 90 .• 7 25
200 Hana Plantation Co 7 50
.50 Kllauea S P Co 21 r >0
5 Makaweli S Co 43 25
6 Makawell S Co 43 CO
SO Market Street Railway 67 00
25 Market Street Railway, cash 67 00
50 Onomea Sugar Co 2$ 00
$2C00 Sacramento Elec Gas & Ry 100 25
CO S F Gaa & Electric Co 53 50
25 S F Gas & Electric Co 53 37^
23 S F Gas & Electric Co 53 25
60 S F Gas & Electric Co 53 12^
150 S F Gaa & Electric Co 53 00
£0 S K Gas & Electric Co 52 S7H
SO S F Gas & Electric Co, b 10 63 00
15 Spring Valley Water 9* 50
J1C0O Spring Valley 4s (2d mortg) 103 23
• Street—
J4000 S F & S J V bonds 120 25
Afternoon Session.
Board—
25 Kilauea Sugar Co 21 00
J3000 Los Angeles Ry as 107 25
110 Makawell S Co 43 25
60 Paauhau S P Co 30 73
10 S F Gas & Electric Co 53 12'»
40 S F Gas & Electrlo Co 63 00
10 S F Gas & Electric, s 90 82 S7H
125 S F Gas & Electric Co 52 S7Vi
' 310 S F Gaslight 5 00
J5CC0 S P of A bonds Ill 23
Street—
$11,000 Market Street Ry 1st con 3s US CO
$2000 S P Branch Ry 6s 133 00
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Mornlns ¦ Session.
Board—
E0 Kern River 19 73
150 San Joaquin Oil & Dev 8 00
450 San Jcaquin Oil & Dev. b 60 8 25
Afternoon Session.
Board—
10 Blue Goose 10 00
200 Cala-Standard 39
50 Cala-Standard 23
1000 Caribou 2*
200 El Dorado 1 63
5 Hanford 72 50
50 Home Oil 4 50
80 Kern River 20 00
800 Monarch of Arizona 35
BOO Reed Crude Oil Co 50 I
78 Royal 110 I
320 San Joaquin Oil & Dev 7 87ii
100 Twenty-Eight 1 90
Street —
1000 Cala-Standard 38
5 Hanford 72 50
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales In the San Francisco
; Stock and Exchange oBard yesterday:
Morning Session.
600 Challenge 19: 2>V> M«Tlean "' j
100 Confidence 75 1 100 Ophlr U 1
300 Gould & Curry. 32 100 Overman a •
Afternoon Session.
2300 Gould & Curry. 33 100 Savage 17
100 Mexican 3» 500 Sierra Nevada. 30
100 Overman 10 100 Silver Hill 38
Following -were the sales in the Part: • -rock
Exchange yesterday:
* Morning Session.
100 Con Cal & V.I 12*4 500 Se< l: .02
500 Con New York. 01 200 Yellov »-t . 2t»
500 Gould & Curry. 33
Afternoon Session.
200 Con Cal & V.I 124' 200 Ophlr jl
2430 Gould & Curry. 33. 300 Savage is
300 Mexican 32!
closing" quotations.
THURSDAY. Sept. 27-4 p. m.
Bid.Ask. I Bid.Ask. |
Alpha - 03 04!Tustlce 06 07
Alt* 02 OtjKantuck 03 04
Andes Ofi OSlLady Wash — 63
Belcher 17 M'Mexlcan 31 32
Best & Belcher. 29 30!Occidental 06 M
Bullion C2 04,Ophlr 31 £2
Caledonia 41 43 Overman 09 11
Chollar 19 20'Potosl is 19
Challenge Con.. 19 2.1 Savage K 17
: Confidence 73 79: Scorpion _ 03
Con Cal & Va..l 10 1 lSiSe* Belcher 02 03
Con Imperial... 01 C3 ! Sierra Nevada.. SO SI
Con New York. 01 — :Sllver Hill 38 40
Eureka Con.... — 4.T,St Louis 15
Crown Point.... 11 13;Standard —4 13
Exchequer 01 02 : Syndicate 04 —
Gould & Curry. 22 3.1't'nlon Con IS 11
Hale & Norcrs. 13 H . Utah 04 C5
Julia 03 04 Yellow Jacket.. 20 2t
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
THURSDAY, Sept 27—2:30 p. m
The feature of stocks on the morning session
of the Bond Exchange was the decline in Gaa
and Electric from J"3 SO to J52 87 ! a . Other
stocks were dull and featureless all day.
On the Oil n.TL-hange there were liberal sale*
of San Joaquin Oil and Development at $83
8 23. the other stocks being dull.
THt STOCK MARKET.
Kczv Yorl: and Sterling Exchange adz'antcd.
Silver higher.
U'hcat futures- declined. Barley decidedly firmer.
(Kits, Corn and R\c unchanged and dull.
Sothing doing in Beans and Seeds.
I: ax steady, zcith prospects for a further adi'ance.
Bran and Middlings firm under light stocks.
Sivcct Potatoes lozver. Other kinds unchanged.
Onions and I Vegetables about as before quoted.
Butter firm, with limited supplies. Eggs a fraction better.
Poultry continues plentiful and depressed.
Came steady under moderate receipts.
Fresh Fruits quiet and featureless.
Dried Fruits steady. Nuts, Raisins and Honey very firm.
Proznsions firm. Bacon advancing in the West.
Heps strong. Wool neglected. Hides quiet. Tallo-v firm.
No further change in the Meat market.
Decreased imports of Specie.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 27.— To-day's statement
of the Treasury balances shows: Available
cash balance. $136,664,833; gold, $T9.S01.399.
* . *
Condition of the Treasury.
NEW YORK. Scot. 27.— Money on call,
r.r^aly, lVi®! per cent; last loan, l»i per cent;
prime mercantile paper, 4U@5'4 per cent; ster
ling exchange, weak, with actual business In
bankers' Mils at $4 85%@4 Sa% for demand and
nt J4 S2'f>'!T4 82VI for 60 days; posted rates, $4 83
<&4 S4 and J4' S7H; commercial bills, J4 81Va#4 32.
Silver certificates. 63H(g64V;c. Bar silver, 63Hc.
Mexican dollars. 4i\c. Government bonds,
steady: Stato bonds. Inactive; railroad bonds,
Irregular.
Nezv York Money Market.
LONDON. Sept. 27.— Atchslon. 27^4: Canadian
Pacific. SS%; Union Pacific preferred, 74; North
ern Pacific preferred. C9H; Grand Trunk. C'i;
Anaconda. 8U. Bar silver, flrm, 29'^id. Money,
"~€ per cent.
CLOSING
change, but New York sustained the market,
rhc bank retains complete control of the money
market, doing a large business. Sliver closed
at C9Hd. the highest price since March, 1897.
Jno Indian price is still rising.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
LONDON. Sept. 27.— Consols, 98U; Silver.
25 1-lfid; French rentes. lOOf; wheat cargoes on
passage, firmer tendency; No. 1 Standard Cali
fornia, 32s 3d; Walla Walla, 30a 9d; English
country markets, firm.
LIVERPOOL. Sept. 27.— Wheat, steady; No. 1
Standard California. 6s 6^d; wheat in Paris,
dull; Klour In Paris, dull; French country mar
kets, steady; weather In England, rain.
COTTON— Uplands, 6 13-16d.
CLOSING.
WHEAT— Spot, steady; No. 2 red Western
winter. 6s 3d; No. 1 Northern spring. 6s 6d; No.
1 California, 6s 6'id. Futures— Quiet; Septem
ber. 6s 2d; December, Gs 4V4d.
CORN— Spot, steady; American mixed, new,
4s 4lid. Futures— Quiet; October, 4s 3$»d; No
vember, 4s 3Vid; December. 4s 2%d.
Foreign Markets.
PORTLAND, Sept. 27.— The wheat market Is
easier under the latest advance In freights, and
while limits have been reduced slightly the
selling movement has not been materially
checked. Walla Walla was selling to-day at
6C®teVi;0 and bluestem about 59^c. There is
very little valley offering and prices are steady
at about 60c. The most Important event In the
wheat market to-day was the establishment of
the standard for the coming season. It has
been fixed at 59 pounds for Walla Walla and
5r>H for/ bluestem. This Is a pound higher to
the bushel than the standard established by
the Washington Grain Commission.
WASHINGTON'.
TACOMA. Sept. 27.— Wheat, flrm and un
changed. Bluestem, C9\«c; club, C6M;C.
OREGON,
PORTLAND. Sept. 27.-Clearlngs. $321,217;
balances. S58.0S0.
Northern Wheat Market.
Portland's Business.
NEW YORK, Sept. 27.— Earl Fruit Company
tales California fruit: Grapes— Tokays, C5c#
$1 70 single and $2 40®3 15 double crates; Mala
gas, 60S90c single crates; Clusters. $1 33@1 45.
Pears— Bosco, average Jl 30 box; Beaurre Clair
geau, Jl C5@l 55; Duchess, $1 25(gl 35; d'AnJou,
J2 C5@>2 40; d 1 Cornice, average S3 20. Peaches-
Salways. 20@30c boxes; Levi Cllns, 25@S3c;
Ames' Late Free, B5@75c.
I'orter Bros. Company sales: Grapes— Tokays,
$1 3iS3 25 double and 90c@?l SO sinele crates;
Clutters, • $1 2ri(3l SO single crates; Moroccos.
J2 l.j; Murcats. 65cg$2 06; Cornichons, $145;
assorted. $1 20®l 40. Plums— Kelsey, Jl 70;
Ooe's I^te Red, S5c. Peaches— Salways, 35Cu
55c.
•-¦"HICAGO, Sept. 27.— Porter Bros. Company
California fruit: Pears— Bf.rtletts, SI Oodi!
£ 30 Ijox; d'AnJou SI 95; Beaurre Clairgeau,
fl 20®W 95; Winter Nellis, SI 75; Beaurre Bosc.
$1 4001 SO; Seckel Winter. 3">c. Grapes— Tokays,
SI 1C?T1 35 single crates; assorted. $1 20. Peaches
—Ward's Cling 7Cc; Clings, 6O@-65c; Salwaya,
45:aC3c.
Earl Fruit Company sales: Grape«— Tokays.
'•0c#$l 25 single crates; Cornichons, 51 20© 1 30.
Pears— Bartletts, S5c5$l 50 boxes. Peaches—
Salways, 40@55c;- Levl Cling, average 55c.
Prunes— Italians, average 55c single crates; Sil
ver, average COc. Eleven cars fruit sold to
day.
BOSTON, Sert. 27.— The Earl Fruit Company
auctioned California fruit to-day and realized
the following prices: Grapes— Tokays, single
crates. SOc(g>Jl 40. average $1 05. Pears—Bart
letts. boxes. 75@80c, average 79c; Duchess,
boxes, .Jl K/igi 20, average Jl 17; Winter Nellls,
boxes. Jl(gi 85, average $1 43. Peaches—Sal
ways, boxes. 25QS0c. average 67c; Levi Cling,
boxes. 25(g«5c. average 55c; George's Late,
boxes, 40(gCOc. average 51c; Lemon Cling, boxes,
average 56c; Ames' Late Free, boxes, average
6ac. Five cars sold to-day. Weather dry;
favorable.
PHILADELPHIA. Sept. 27.-The Earl Fruit
Company eold California fruit at auction to
day, realizing the following prices: Grapes-
Tokays, single crates. 80c®>?1 25. average $1 01;
Clusters, single crates, $1 40@2. average $1 42.
I runesT-Itallans. single crates, 60(g~5c, aver
age 61c. Weather dry; favorable. Thre« cars
(sold to-day.
PITTSBURG. Sept. 27.— The Earl Fruit Com
pany s sales of California fruit at auction to
day are as follows: Pears— Bartletts, boxes,
S5c®$2 10, average $1 47. Peaches— Levi Cling,
boxps, 60@<;2VAc. average 60c; Salways, boxes.
60®70c, average 63c; Yellow Cling, boxes. 7J<3
80c. average 76c. Prunes— Italians, single crates,
2offG0c. average r.6c; Sliver, single crates, aver
age 85c. Two cars sold to-day.
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL NEWS
COAL— Wellington. *'J per ton; Southfleld Wel
lington. $*: Seattle, $7; Bryant, $7: Coos Bay,
$5 50: WalU-end, $i); Co-nperot:ve Wallsend. $.);
Cumberland. $12 In bulk ami $13 25 In sacks;
Pennsylvania Anthracite Eg*. 514: Cannel. fi?
per ton: Coke. $1C per ton In bulk and $1S in
sacks; Rocky Mountain descriptions. IS 45 per
IO00 lbs and ss 50 per ton, according to brand.
SUGAR— The . Western Suirar Refining Com
pany quotes. r>er lb. In 100-lb bags:
Crushed. 7.IMC; Powdered. e.65c; Candy
Granulated. 6.63c: Dry Granulated. 6.55c; Con
fectioners' A. fi.55c: Macnolia A. 6.15c: - Kxtra
C. £.C5c; Golden C. 5.95c; barrels, 10c more:
half-barrels, 25c more; boxes. 50c more; 50-lb
bags, 10e more. No orders taken for less than
75 barrels or its equivalent. Dominoes, half
bnrrels. 7.3"": hnrw. 7.. r .V» per lb. ,. .
COAL .OIL, GASOLINE AND BENZINE—
The two former descrlntlons are lower, as fol
lows: 'Water White Coal Oil. in bulk. 12c;
BAGS — San Quentin Bags. $5 65: Calcutta
Grain Bags. 5*ic; Wool Eajcs, 2SV4@32Vic; Fleece
Twine, 7Vsc; Fruit Bags. 6H'96?ic for white and
SViGS^c for bleached jute.
General Merchandise.
PORK — Live Hogs, 5%c for small. BH@39ic for
medium nn<l 6%'<j5t4c for large: stock Hut> ua»d
feeders, &t?uV*e; dressed Hogs, "V4@'8>iC.
VEAL— 1/arge, 7@Bc: small, 7#9c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, 7%@Sc; ewes, 7®7,%c per
pound.
I,AMn— S©S>,4e per lb.
BEEF— 5V4S6C for Steers and 4!i@5c per lb for
Cows. .. ___
Arrivals of Hogs are fair, and the market la
steady. Otherwise the market Is featureless.
Sa?i Francisco Meat Market.
HIDES' AM) SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about lc under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers 9@9HC; medium. SHc; light. 8c: Cow
hide!",' 8c; Stags. 6c; Salted Kip. 8®8%c; Dry
Hides, 15c; culls. 12c; Dry Kip. 15c; Dry Calf.
15c; culls and brands. 12c; Sheepskins, Shear
ling? 15©25c each: short Wool, 30@40c each;
medium. 50©70c: long Wool. 7oc@Jl each; Horse
Hides, salt. $2<g2 25 for large, 11 75 for medium.
$1 for small and 50c for colts; Horse Hides, dry,
$1 50 for large, $1 25 for medium, $1 for small
and 25050c for colts. Deerskins— Summer or red
skins 35c; fall or medium skins. 30c: winter
or th'ln pkins, l"HST20c. Goatskins— Prime An
goras. 75c: large and smooth.. 50c; medium, S5c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 4@4Vfee per lb; No.
2, 3(&3'-ic; crease, 2(fi2',Ac.
WOOI^-Sprtng clip Is quotable as follows:
Northern. fn»». l.V31S<-: Northern, defective. 12£J
14c • Middle County, free, 14<J?16c; Middle Coun
ty ' defective, I2t!:l4e: Southern Mountain, II
months' 9«10c: Southern Mountain, free. 7
months', ll©12c; Southern Mountain, defective,
7 months'. 9!gllc: Humboldt and Mendoclno. 16
fffl7c: Nevada. 13<SU6e per lb.
Fall Clip — San Joaquin. 6»^©?c; do Lambs', 8
@9c; Middle County, 9@llc per lb.
HOPS— llH@14^c per lb.
Hops rule very flrm at the advance already
noted. Wool is neglected. There is no further
change in Hides. Sheepskins are depressed.
Tallow Is firm under the export demand al
ready mentioned.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
LARD — Tierces quoted at 7c per lb for com
pound and 9 L lc for pure; half-barrels, pure,
9Vic; 10-lb tins, 10c; 5-lb ttns, lOVic.
COTTOLENE-One-half barrel, 8%c; three
half-barrels, 8V4c; one tierce. 8Hc: two tierces,
8Uc: five tierces, 8V4c per lb.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, lie per lb for
heavy, HHc for light medium, 13c for light. 13'-»c
for extra lleht and 15>£c for suear-cured; East
ern tugar-cured Hams. 12>£c: Mess Beef, $12 per
bhl; extra Mess, ?13; Family. $14; extra Prime
Tork, $15 BO; extra clear. J19; Mess. $16 50;
Smoked Eeef, 12V4<313c per lb.
The feellne: In Cured Meats Is firm, espe
cially as Bacon is going up In the Western
markets. Packers continue to report a good
trade.
Provisions.
HONEY— Comb. 13HS14V4C for bright and 12H
©13c for light amber; water white, extracted,
7y*@Sc; llcht amber extracted, 7@7^c; dark. S
@6%c per lb.
BEESV.'AX— 24026c per lb.
The Eastern markets continue In good shape,
as will be seen by the report from New York
In the first column. The demand here is steady,
without any excitement, and no weakness Is
apparent In anything. Honey continues scarce
and firm.
FRUITS— Prunes, Santa Claras, 4 sizes, 3c:
40-50s. 7c; 50-COs, 5Hc; C0-70s, 3Hc: 70-80s, F-Ac:
80-90s. 2-v; C ; 90-100s, 2%c; 100s and over, 2c;
rubles. >>ic premium; Sonomas. Me and San
Joaqulns Vic less than Santa Claras, except 100a
and over, which stand the. same. Apricots. 6
tffSc for Royals and lO-Sll^c for Moorparks;
Evaporated Apples. 5<g6c; sun-dried, 3®4c;
Peaches, S#5V4c for standard. 6&6M1C for choice
and 7@Sc for fancy; Pears. 307c: Plums, pitted.
WSHc; unpitted, HjflHc; Nectarines, 5®5Ho for
red and H^igGc for white.
RAISINS— The Raisin Growers' Association
has established the. following prices for the
season of 1&00: Bleached Thompson's fancy,
12c per lb; choice, lie; standard, 8*ic: prime.
8c; unbleached, Thompson's. 0c per lb. Sul
tanas—Fancy, lOHc per lb; choice, 9%c; stand
ard. 8\c; prime. 8c; Unbleached Sultanas. 8c;
Seedless. 50-lb boxes, 6V4c; 2-crown loose Mus
catels, 6c; 3-crown. 6Hc; 4-crown. 7c; London
Layers, 2-crown. |1 50 per box; 3-crown, 11 60;
Fancy Clusters, $2; Dehesa, $2 50; Imperial. 13.
All prices f. o. b. at common shipping points
In Cnllfornia.
NUTS — Chestnuts, 15c per lb: Walnuts.
No. 1 softshell. lie; No. 2. Sc; No. 1 hardshell,
10c; Xo. 2. 7',^c; Almonds, I5@16c for paper
shell, liei2Uc for softshell; Peanuts, 6@6c for
Eastern: Brazil Nuts. 13c; Filberts, 13c; Pe
cans. lliffWc: Cocoanuts, S3 50«I3.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
GRAPES— Muscat. 40#65c per crate; black, 40
©60c; Tokay. 40@G3c: Isabella. 40Q75c; Cornl
chon. SOiSGOc; Wine Grapes. $15#18 for white.
J22 30 for Mission and J23@26 per ton for Zin
fandel.
MELONS— Nutmegs. 2?@50c per cas*: Canta
loupes, 50c®$! per crate; Watermelons, ?S'fJ
IS. with extra large at $20@2j per 100.
CITRUS FRUITS— Seedllns Oranges. J1©1 50;
Valenclas, $1514; Lemons, Jl 50^2 50 for com
mon and I'i'QA 50 for good to choice: Mexi
can Limes, $4 SOt&o 60; Bananas. Jl 50@2 50 per
bunch: Pineapples, $1 50@3 50 per dozen.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS
APPLES—25®50c per box for common and
60@S0c for good to choice. .
PEARS— Birtlett. JlSrl 50 per box; other va
rieties". 4rt<fT75c per bo*.
QUINCES— 25f?50c per box.
CRANBERRIES-Cape Cod. $8 25&S 50; Wis
consin, $S per bbl; Coos Bay, $2 50 per box.
STRAWBERRIES-?* 50®4 per chest for largo
and $6(57 for small berries.
RASPBERRIES— $5i26 per chest.
PERSIMMONS— 60i575c per box.
HUCKLEBERRIES— 5f> per lb.
POMEGRANATES— 40<?60c per small box and
$1 25 per large box.
PLUMS— 25<ftS0c per box and 60S:75e per crate.
Receipts of Wine Grapes wera heavy, amount-
Ing to 17 cars, but consignees held the market
up. The high quotations here are likely to at
tract liberal shipments from the interior.
Cranberries are moving off slowly.
Baftlett Pears are dwindling steadily and
will soon be out. -Peaches are coming in poor
as a rule. Figs are firm. Quinces are weak,
with ample supplies. Apples, too, are plentiful
and weak. Table Grapes and Melons stand
about the same.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
EGGS— Quoted at 2O@24c for store and SO'QZta
per dozen for ranch: Eastern, lS'JJISc spot, and
24c to arrive.
Cheese has not varied for a long time.
Ecrs rule firm, with a further advance In
Eastern and a slight Improvement In ranch,
which are in moderate supply.
BUTTER—
Creamery— Fancy Creamery, 2S@2S^4c; Sec
onds. 27@'27Hc.
Dairy — Fancy. 23@26c: good to choice, 22%*5>
24c; common, 20®22c.
Creamery tub— 20@22£-e per lb.
Pickled roll— lOS^lc.
Firkin— l?@19c.
Storage goods— 22Va@24c.
CHEESE— New, ytfJOc; old. SffS'Jc; • Young
America. 10@10Vic: Eastern, 13HS14c; Western.
10012c per lb.
Fancy Creamery Butter rule* very firm un
der light stocks, but all medium grades are
dragging more or less, as they come Into com
petition with packed goods, of which there Is
an abundant supply.
Butter, Cheese and Egg$.
Quotations for Game showjlttle' change. Re
ceipts are moderate and stock In condition
brin~s good prices.
POULTRY- Live Turkeys, 10011c for Gobblers
and i2@13q for Hens; Young Turkeys, 14ffl6c;
Geese, per pair. $1 25®1 50; Goslings. $1 oOfll 75:
Durks. $3Q4 for old and $3 50#l 50 for young:
Hens, $r; G0<s?4 50 ; Young Roosters, $)|J4 50; Old
Roosters. $3 50C/4; Frysrs. $3'g3 30: Hroilers.
$?@3 23 for large and $2(£2 f>0 for small; Pigeons,
$1 25 per dozen for old and $1 5flig'2 for Squab*.
GAME- English Snipe. $2«i2 SO; .lack Snipe.
$1 2T>@1 50: Doves, uOQGoc per dozen; Cottontail
Rabbits, $1 2jf/l r.0; Brush Rabbits. $1: H«rf,
$1 23; Grouse, ~$S@9; Sage Hens, $2; Mountain
Quail, $3 per dozen.
The Poultry market continues depressed un
der heavy supplies. A car of Eastern came In.
making four thus far this week.
Poultry and Game.
Unas; Sweets, 76c. for Rivers and $1@1 23 for
Merced. ¦ ..
ONIONS— 50@73c per ctl; Pickle Onions, 3a
-@-60c.
VEGETABLES — Green Corn. 65@73c per sack
and SORTsc per crate; Green Peas. 4c per
lb; Strlnc Beans. l^QZHc; LImas, Ii£ig3c per
lb; Cabbaue, 40@5Cc; Tomatoes, Bay, 35^'iOc;
Egg Plant. 23040c per box; Green Okra. 25(&t0c;
Green Peppers. 25®40c per box for Chili and 30
@30c for Bell; Dried Peppers, 10©13c: Carrots.
23@35c per sack; Summer Squash. 25@40c for
Alameda: Cucumbers. 25(34.0c for Alameda;
Pickles, $1@1 25 per ctl for No. 1 and 50®75c
for No. 2; Garlic. 3c per lb; Marrowfat Squash,
$7@10 per ton.
caused freer offerings here and closed our mar
ket weak at $28 70{f2S 95. LaKe copper, white
rather easy abroad, was quiet and unchanged
at $1G 7o©17. Pig iron warrants ruled dull,
weak and lower to sell at $9 50(ff 10. Lead and
spelter were dull and unchanged at 4 37*£ and
$4 JLO@i 15 respectively. The brokers' price for
lead was $4 and for copper $16 45.
Flour, nr sks 13,072 Potatoes, sks 187
Oats, ctls l.OiO Iiran. sks 450
OKKOON
FOR THURBOAY. SEPTEMBER 27.
Flour, qr sk» SS.STfl 1 Hran. sks 930
Wheat, ctls.; 4,341)', Middling*, sks... 19
Barley, ctls 410 Hop*, bales 73
Corn, ctls 2rt I'e>U». bdls 27*
Cheese, ctls 17« Hides, No 6C3
nutter, ctl» 318 Lime, bbls 364
Tallow, ctls 2*.i3 Kkk*. doz 11.4T0
Ueans, ska 2,fiio Suicar, bbls 1»
Potatoes, ska 6.12S[Suirar. ska 4,000
Straw tons 5;t.eather. rolls.... 70
Hay. tons S2S|W'lne. «als 25,600
Onions. sk« 2.72*1
Receipts of Produce.
Pearl Oil, cases. 18c: Astral. 18c; Star. 18c:
Extra Star, 22o; Elaine, 23c; Eocene, 20c; De
odorized Stove Gasoline, In bulk, 13c: cases.
21c; Benzine, bulk. 14c: cases, 20c: 86 degree
Gasoline, bulk. 20c;' tases, 26c per gallon.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 28, 1900.
California Fruit Sales.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Foreign Futures.
8
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY.
Santa Fe
Trains— Daily
Leave MarkM-street Ferry Dwpot.
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
BAILKOAD TBAVEL. V
mhtii»:i:n WAVtViV ront*ASiv a
Tr.iln. Iriiir nml i«r»> <l»o to nrrli* M .
NAN f'i:.%. *«•!*«'«.
(Main Line. Fool of .Market Ssr-el i
ts»Ti — From SintuBER 12. 13C0. — *^biv»
•7:O«» BanMa, Suisan. Elmirm. Vacarille.
Kumsey »mi iw wicii'i Ti-Mm-
•;:OOa Shanu Kxprcsa-Daris. Williams (for
Murtlett Springs). Willows. Uad
BluS. Portland... *7r^.-J,
•733** Murtlner.Ni.u l:aL:u.iu.V.«.i:ej.». N*[,».
; C»listozm»»<inaut% Knsa *a : |%.
•«ioo * Dails. WoimU tnd. Knights Laadios.
iiarystille. <lto«Il)a *7:l.1»
••:<>•« AtUnti.- Kxpreiw-Os(i«i> »od East *12:l.-.k
¦»:»»>Xil«, Tr«cy. L^ihxop, Stockton *V!lsI
•«i:i»4 Mun J>,bk. LiTermuro. rlt«ekton.
Ions. Hacraiueutu. rUct-rfiUe.
M«iy*til!«. Chicu, Ksd lilnfT *l:ll.
¦Ri3llt (Ukilalc, Chinese, Sonora. fatten... # I:I5,
••»:«»» H.iytranla. KUm ami Way MUtioua. *l l:t.\l
•!l:Utl A Loa Aogelea Kzpress — Klartiiiax,
Tracy. Latiiroi.. .-.t.»--lti,iii. JUrc-.l
Fresno am] Loa Angales ...» •7:J.Tp
•BiHO* V«l|rj,., Martina/, mm ;\»f .SuUaut •^:|., 1>
•I »:<•»* Tbir Mferlvi.I Uniltetl-Ogden, Dea-
»er, Ui"Hha. Cbic^< > *•¦*"¦ »
•II:O«a NiLn. Stooktou, .i«r»m-i\'.. . Meii-
' . dote. Fftino. Ilaufonl. \ i.i»:.«.
IVrr.*-r*ili« •!:!..
•11:00a iilTrr-aore. Sanger. Goflx-n Juao.
tiun. Bikersaeld. Lcs Angeles
•I»:O«M >l«Tframa. NilesaiiU Wi, at*:iuut. *9tCt|
. tl:<M»l- >:i..r»in..nt.. Ilin.rH-i.im.r, t3:«o»
•:::««p llayvritrdii. Nilraauil Way stations. *B)il3a
•4t«Vr M.trtlnrr, Han lUnion. Vitllnjo,
Nh|.«. UaRsfaNPI, SanU K.Xn *•>!•«
•liunr l!-nie!n. Winters, .Suoraiusuta,
U, ....!,». i.l. Knltfhta I.»ulin«
MaryatilW. Ornvtlla •••:«:*«
•liitOp Nile*. «ai».l«"e»iid Stoctiton *7:l3r
••¦JiOOrTlio Owl Lfmlted— Tracy. Ftimvn,
lSakenfleld. Maugua for Cianta Bar-
bara. IMS Auiieles. *|a> : |.i v
?5 :OOr Stockton •ji.u.l
•aiOttrfiew Orlraaf Expresa— IUk«r»l»«l.l.
ManU Itarlmra, Loa Angrles. Dem-
ing, Kl I 'mo. New Orleans and
Eaat *T»«S 4
•«:f»«r Hajwmrda, Nile* and Han Joaa *7>4*a
t«sOOr ValloJ.. >|«||S|
•»¦**»!• Oriental Mall-OgJeo. Ctaejeone.
Omaha. Chicago *12:|^>
•«:0Or Oriental .Mail-Ogden. Denter.
Omah*. Chicago. *l:li»
•7:«O»N0es, Tracy, L-»throp. Btockton.... 'laa.-ip
•7iSOr «>r<?K<>ii ami CaMlornia a*i»r»a» Hug.
¦wMiik l:<t.!,ll««.
|-.rhUi..l. I'ngot .Som.d and Ka«» *SlC.1l
t«:»»r Vail.-'... Vort Cotta and Wai ma-
t.l«»iw ;ll, no.
<O4Vr DIVISION (Narrnu lian R e).
(F.ioti.t M.rkii Sire.->. i
;*iI3a Mnt» CruT! Eicnrsloii for lanta
Cruz and l'rincipal Way HUeiona l*:0^e
*Ri|5 A N«tfark.Cciit.r>iilr.iSan.l»ae. Krlton.
I :»'i '. i er Crrsk.Manta Oruz and TVay
HUtioKii *«;8»r
|3itSp Nt»T4r«, CantnrTilii*. Sail .line. Nrw
Alunt.taD, K«lto>!. It'Mil.inr I'mek.
S»iii;i I'rnt aud IVuelpal VI »t
StailoM •!•:»» ,
•lil^f Neirark. S«.> .lo.o. I^ia Gatoa H:"»»i
g«;I.Trnienwoo<t Felton. Otj: «1:-V\
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
TnmUl /iUSCISCO-Ff:; of Htrktt Slre«! (S:i» »»—
•7:1* 9 00 11:00A.M. 11:03^*2:83 13 33
•1:03 13:33 *8:C3r.-.
film miUlO — r«il •' 3t».d»o . — -n.00 800 10:00«u.
t!2 S3 '1:3S t2:S3 »3:S3 H-Z3 'ISCi-.u.
COAST IXVIMON iltron.Mi.nne).
(Tlilnl rin.i ToctwhwI st-..)
tfisltlA Oct?*a Viair. .S.mi'.Ii n«ii !'wi.ci«o. . 1«:;»<»7
|?If>a>« Him .!,,»« »i,,l Way >> L-. 1. 1 . - 1 1» iN«*
AlniaJon \i.-l.,«,,l»j«,, ( ,l>) *l::il>p
JT:ao* Sunday Eicurslon f r San Joss,
Santa Crur, ra.-itl: Grove act!
lriucij.»l Way .Suuuui l$:33p
•o.nvt ma.i J.aw. Tkaa linos. Manila) Vwmm,
1'iwiiie Hnra. t'+*n linblea, Han
I.i.i.i Ol.iii-,. 8nrf. Lonipoc ami
I'rinoinal \\»r rUaUtfM *4.|O»
•IOsIO* 8au Joia ami Way .Itatlmis •feDi
•I !::«<»» Maii.lna<!,Loa(?atoaai»i\VayHUMoiia *3a3af
>"4j-»*r San \Urr«. I:- .!»<..„!. Menlo Pars.
I'alo A ltd. ; ¦inUOri. Mai. J. mo.
Tres Hnoa. (tanla iJrnx. Sailoaa.
Moti'erey and I'acinc «;ry»« 'l»::i" t
fai3»r Han .Inse am! Way HtaUoM •?»*»»
? iiir.r San Jose a... I Priticiral Way .Statlnn* *O: I".*
t5:o«ps«n Josh, Loa Gatoa aud rrincipal
Way Statlona tO-.OK ,
! *3i:tOr San J»maii.irriocip*l Way Stations !»«»»*.
•«::iop San .Joae an.i Way .S'a'lons •<»<>. fX
»ll:*."»p San Jwt mulffny .^tati.»n» »"::3:»™
A for Morning 1* for Atterunnn "
• Dally. t Sunday •icepted. J -iuutl.u uuij.
B Saturday only.
• Saturday and Sunday. e Monday only.
CALIFORNIA NOETW ESTEEN RY. CO.
LESSEE
I SAN FRAHCISGO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tituron Ferry. Foot of Market St.
SA_N* FRANCISCO TO SAX RAFAEL.
¦WEEK UAY5- 7:80. 9:00. 11:00 a. m. ; 12:33,
1:30. 5:10. 8:30 p. ra. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:20 o. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at l:0J
and 11:10 D. m.
BUNDATS— S:CO. 9:33. 11:00 a, m.: 1:30. 3:10,
5:00. 6:20 d. m.
SAN RAFAET. TO SATf FRANCISCO.
"WEEK DAYS— «:1«. T:50. 9:20. U:10 a. m.: 12. 0.
t:40. 5:15 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at
1:15 and C:33 o. m.
SUNDAYS— S:10. 9:40. 12:10 a. m. : 1:40. S.1O.
B:05. <:25 p. m.
Between San Francisco and Echustien Par*
lime schedule cs abore.
Leave I In Kffect. I Arrive
Ban Francisco. [Apr. 15, 1900.1 s a n Francisco
Week I Sun- 1 | Sun- I We«ric
Days. I days, f Destination.! days. ] Days.
7:30 am! ?:00 sm Novat». 10:40 am' »:49 am
l:S0 pm 9:30 am Petaluma. «:05 pm|t0:2J am
(:13 pm 5:CO pm Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm! S:20 pra
~j Fulton.
1:30 atnl Windsor. !0:Stm
. ( Healdaburs-
, Lytton.
I Oey»ervine.
1:30 pmf 8:C0 am Cliverdale. T:t> pm! «:3> pin
T:30ami j Hoplnr.d j [19:23 am
!:»> pm| 8:00 am| and Ukiah. I 7:3.1 pm: 6:20 pru
T:SO ami ]10:io am
I 8:00 am Ouernevllle. 7.2" pmf
g:30rm! I «:I0 pin
J:j)tm 8:00 am! Sonoma 9:15 am! S:MjV
and j T'
8:11 pm| 5:00 pm| Glen Ellen. s:C3 pm[ 9:Ti pra
7:30 am! 8:00 am 110:40 am:iO:» »rn
8:20 pm! 5^0 pm Sebastopol. | 7:K pmi 8:J9 pra
Stajres connect at Kanta Rcsa for Mark West
Spring* and White Sulphur Springs: at Fulton
for Altrurla: at Lvtton for Lytton Springs; at
Geyservllie for SleaKs Fprlr.es: at Cloverda!*
for the Geysers: nt Ilnpian-J for Dunoaa
Pprinwi. Highland Sprlnirs. Kslseyvllie. Carls-
bad Springs. Sod.a Bay. Lakeport and Bart'.ett
Springs: at Ukiah for Vichy Scrinds. Sarat"«;a>
I Bprtnjrs. Blue I^akts. Laurel Dill Lake. Witter
I Bprlr.es. I'PP'r Lake. Porno. Potter Vall»y.
I John Day's, Riverside. Llerley's. Bucknell's.
Sanhedrln Helehts. Kullvir.o. Orr's Hot
Springs. Mendoclno City. Fort Brags. W-st-
port. Usal. 'Wllllts. Lartonville. Cummins.
Bell's Sprints, Harris, Olsen'g. Dyer. Scots*
and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday ro-.in l<ktrto tickets at
reduced rates.
On Sunday round trip tickets to all po*nta
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket offices. 810 Market »t.. Chronic!* blSf.
I H. C. WHITIN'G. R. X. RYAN.
General Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
BOOTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausallto Ferry.
Commw.cn; April 22. 1300.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLET
AND SAX RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:00. •3:*), 9:30. U:M a. m.|
.12:45, n:«; 3:13, 4:15. 'lAZ. 8:15. «:40 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley ami Saa
Rafael, on Momlsys, Wednesday*. Saturdays
and Sunrlays, st 0:00 and 11:30 p. ra.
SUNDAYS-7:0O. 'S-CO. «S:00. •V»:0O, 11:00. 11:39
a. m.; 12:45. # l:30, 2:30. •J^i. S.CO. «:C0, !:"»
p. m.
11:00 a, m. does not run to San Rafael Sun-
days.
Trnlns marked (*) run to San Quentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 3:35. ««:M. 7:50. 8:i0, 'lOM a.
m. : 11:30. 1:15. 2:15. *S:30. 4:30. 5:30 r. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesday*
and Faturdaya at *S:45 and 10:2>> i>. m. y
SUNDAYS— 6:15. *S:00. •9:50. *1\.00 a. m.; *i::0O^
m.; l:C0. 2:13 »3:30, 4:33. *»:K. »:!j. 7:30. 10::*a
p. m.
Tmlns marked <•) start from San Quentin.
FltOM MILL VALLET TO SAN FKANC1SCCX
WEEK DATS— 5:33, «:43. 8:M». $.55. 10:39 a.
m ; 12:35. 1:*S. I:* 3 . *:30, 4:53. 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Monday*, Wednesdays
and Saturday* at 7:10 and 10:3) p. m.
SUNDAYS— «:». 8:05. 10:03, 11:11 a. m.-. 121S,
1-20 !:20 3:4S. 4:55. 6-15. 7:05. 70:30 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
T:CO a. m. week days— Cazadero and way sta-
tlona.
3:15 p. m. Saturdays— Cazadero and way sta-
tions.
$:0t> a. m. Sundays — Cazadero and way eta-
tlcn*. .
12:45 p. ra. Sundays— Point R*ves »nd way sta-
tions.
9 a. m. train is the Overland Express. Corr*-
¦pondlng train arrives at i p. m. dally
4:10 p. m. Is Stockton Local. Corresponding
train arrived ll:<;5 a. m. dally.
*:00 p. m. Is Fresno and Bakerafleld Exprena,
with Sleeping Car» for both cities. Correspond-
ing train arrives at S a. m. dally.
OFFICES— 641 Market st. and in Ferry Dep-X.
Pan Francteea: ins t;rog.dyY%v, flaJJAItl. * ' -i-. -
WEEKLY CALL
. $1 pep Year.
g |V DrJUibbon's Dispensary,
Sa*ig""lf£. i" iJ»3» to* thetr'ntmento.l private
E*(-*#»tai8a lJ| ls e»i»«i». lx;^t Mcnlux^i Debility or
' l '"' a -'" : "*- arln ?"" ¦" > ' : "" : ' ; ¦'"'"• ""'
aJHjg&^iMBB JSKIn I)i»ea3>-£. rhf doctorcurenwiifii
others fnll fry bin: Charge" hj'V
r*iiMJii*' i ij f uroiznsirnriij-f », Cal'orwrf'A
Or.J. *' ulBBU.%. Rox 1.157 BOB Im.u nfl*
Lve. San Francisco. 9:00 a m|4:10 p mi S:00 p ra
Arr. Stockton 12:30 p m|«:l5 p m 11:05 p tn
" Merced 2:42 p mi— i:,s h m
" yrr*iv, 4:20 pm J:t>5 a ra
" Vlyalla. 6:00 p rn 4:£0 a m
" Tular* h-.z-I p m t:lu a m
Hanford 3:3.1pm 7:0« a m
" liakervtleld ... >:50 p m 7:30 am
" Denver V):6n * m .
" Kansas City... 5:15 p m
** Chicago 7:40 am
Leave San Francisco via Sauxaltto Ferry:
WEEK DATS. ...9:30 a. m.. 1:43 and 3:13 p. m.
6UNDAYS..8. 9. W. 11 a, m.. 1:30 anrt 2:M p. m.
Fare San Francisco to Summit and return. Jl W.
KEW TAVERN OK TAMALPAIS NOW OPEN.
TICKET OFFICES «Z\ MAl'.KET ST..
SAUSAMTO FEHRY.Emil Lange. a laborer, about 40 years of
age. expired fruddenly in the saloon of
Phil Christmann, at 641 Mission street
shortly after 5 o'clock last evening. He
was taken with a fit and before medical
attendance could be summoned he died
The Coroner's deputies took charge of the
case.
At a special' meeting of the board of
tru«tp*!» of the San Francisco Society for
the Preveitlon of Cruelty to Animals yes
terday, called on account of the death of
Vice President Colonel J. P. Jackson, ap
propriate resolutions were passed and the
trustees voted to attend the funerAl in a
body. President N. P. Cole being obliged
to go East, !t was necessary to fill the
vacancy of vice president, and John Part
ridge' was unanimously elected to that
office.
"Will Attend the Funeral.
n< The following is the list submitted:
President Mrs. G. XV. Bunnell: vice presi
dent Mr«. John Bakewell; recording sec
retary. Mr* K. XV. Kinney: corresponding
*«cret«ry. Miss Mary A. McClees: finan
cial »w»cr«tary. M!?s Kachael Vrooman;
treasurer, Mrs. Tillle Brown; additional
member* f 'f executive committee — Dr.
Cera Bohofie!!. Mrs. \V. A. Smythe. Mis»
Alice F'.int. Miss K. L«or.sdall and Mrs. W.
B. Oecrge.
Mrs. Watt ha« declined to allow her
n&me to be printed for office.
Tne Nominating Committee Presents
a List cf Officers for the En
suing Year.
OAKI-AND. Sept. 27. — The nominating
committee cf the Oakland Club has se
lected and presented to the members a
ticket which is to be voted on next Wed-
LIST OF CANDIDATES
BEFORE OAKLAND CLTJB
The plaintiff alleges that the car wa-j
traveling at the rate of eighteen miles an
hour, a speed In excess of that allowed
by law. In addition to the J13.000 dam
ages Davis a.«ks for JjC9. alleged lo have
been expended for doctor's fees.
OAKLAND. Sept. 27.— James Davis ni<?d
suit to-day against the Realty Syndicate
and the Oakland Consolidated Street Rail
way Company for J15.000 darcagn. He
makes the claim under the novel plea that
while employed as road foreman on grad
ing being done at Grove street and Ban
croft way. Berkeley, on September 2S,
1S9R. his horse became frightened at one
of the defendant's electric tars and ran
away. Davi3 ?ays he was hurled to the
ground by the sudden starting of hi*
frightened horse and sustained permanent
Injuries to hi? spine.
Teamster James Davis of
Berkeley.
Novel Plea for Damages Made by
SAYS ELECTRIC CAR
SCARED HIS HORSE
There was read a telegram from P. J
McGuire, general secretary of the Inter
national Convention of Joiners and Car
penters, now In session at Scranton, Pa..
stating that the convention had voted
J-10,000 as a first installment of its contri
bution to the aid of the millmen in this
city. It wa3 voted to so on with the work
of forming co-operative planing mills
throughout the city. Already several are
being operated by the. strikers and it is
proposed to establish more »o that with
the regular eight-hour mills now running
there will be enough to supply the trade.
The Building Trade* Council. Into
whose hands the planing mill men's
strike recently passed, met last evening
and discussed the situation at length. It
was the feeling that the mlllmen were
nearer winning their cause now than ever
before.
Planing-Mill Men Hopeful.
Says the Assessment en His Property
Was Eaised Without His
Consent.
OAKLAND. P*pt. ST.— Councilman Ci
rar^l is inilsrsnt at the action of City
'Afsrsscr Creed in raising The a^sespment
on hi? jpp-perty HOD, in crder that the
ptnfcr of that official to place a value on
city r>rop<rty Independently of the Ootxnty
Assessor may be judicially determined, it
Is estimated that HMO will be required to
rarrv the case to th* Supreme Court, and
«« the City Cour.ril is in financial straits
the property owners whose as»essments
jvave been increased may have tn stand
a suit themselves or pay the additional
tJLI.
"Thi* effort to bring a t*"*t case to per
mit the Assessor to incr^ai^e the assessed
'-aiua-tion of city property was made with
otst my knowledge." paid the irate Coun
cilman. "I knew nothing of it. I shall
ret cor-sent nor be a party to It.
"I Khali not pay Sl'Xfl nor 1W cents to
carry the case to the Supreme Court. I
am orpo*«£ to increasing any one's as
sessment.'
COUNCILMAN GIRAED
OBJECTS TO TEST CASE
sengers were a dozen miners from Alaska.
One group included Harry Ashe. formerly
of Denver. He had nuggets of gold dust
to throw at the bird*. When Mr. Ashe
arrived In Dawson a few years ago he
was penniless, but became a protege of
•¦Nigger Jim," who staked Ashe to sup
plies. Ashe made as his share of "El Do
rado W this season $130,000, nnd is on his
way to see his old Colorado friends.
It Is stated that there was not less than
SSO.nOQ in gold dust and nuggets on yester
day's train. It being carried In belts and
in gripsacks. It is mostly from Dawson,
A good deal of gold which Is not reported
in official statistics is said to be coming
out of the country, and the Alaska men
say the statement that the output of
Alaska will reach $25,000,000 for 1900 Is not
an exaggeration. None of the Alaska
men. however, are enthusiastic over Cape
Nome.
BACK. .FROM ALASKA
WITH PILES OF GOLD
Return of Miners With Dust and
Nuggrets, on the Train From
the North.
Th* 1 train arriving from the north yes
terdav was crowded and among the pas-
Little Margaret Roster Is Snatched
From Path of Swiftly Moving
Monster by a Brave
Woman.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
111S Broadway. S*>pt. 27.
White crossing the Seventh street local
track? at Seventh and Grove streets last
e\ening Margaret Roster, two years old,
stepped in front cf an approaching train
Mrs. R. H. Hammond, who resides at 829
Grove street, paw the baby's peril and at
risk of her life rushed to the rescue,
grabbed the infant an 1 Jumped back as
the locomotive sped hy.
The baby was not frightened, but the
shock was sufficient to unnerve the dar
ing woman who rescued the little one.
The child had been walking with its
mother, Mrs. C Roster, who resides at
1717 Tenth street. The baby had toddled
along behind as she and the mother were
crossing the street. Mrs. Roster. b«ing
slightly ahead, cleared the tracks, not
observing her baby's close approach to
danger. As the engine rolled along and
the mother was cut oft from the baby
it looked as if the parent had been
crushed under the train, but she was
safe.
Mrs R. H. Hammond Rescues
an Infant From Eagine-
Wheels.
SAVED A BABY AT
HER 0WN PERIL
Bro-wn Develops a Deadlock
and a Compromise
Verdict,
.
Oakland Offic* San Francisco Call.
Ill* Broadway. S<>pt. 27.
A Coroner's Jury found to-night after an
! hour's deliberation that Policeman George
' MarRae was grossly careless when he
fire'j the ?hot that caused th*» death of
i Myron E. Brown. Th* verdict was agreed
i upon as a compromise to yatisfythe dlf
: fererit Ideas of the Jurors. Several Jurors
i favored a verdict of manslaughter aeainst
; the policeman, while one or two favored
j charging him with murder. After wrang
.' ling for some time some one juttgpst^d
th*t "gross carelessness" would apply,
and this being satisfactory to all the ver
'• diet was thus written and signed, but not
i until three jurors had exprt-s«ed a belief
that the testimony Indicated that Brown
! die,! frcm natural causes.
CJeorpe MacRae. the man who did the
i shooting, was » ot present at the inquest.
! but GuFtave Harst and Charles Jee>,
friends of the officer who were witnesses
; ef the ghooting. testified that they paw
: three shots fired. The first two were fired
I while MacRae held on to the side of the
I buggy. Charles Kolly and Max Jacobs,
I who were with Brown In the bucgy and
i were placed under arrest by ilaoRae,
. stated that after stopping the rig the po-
J lireman draeg^d Brown from the buggy,
' handcuffed him and th^n ortierpd him to
j climb back. While MacRae wn.« trying to
i climb into the bupgy the horse made a
1 sudden start. The officer hf-Id on to the
j side of the bUK*ry and drawing hi3 re
i rolver fired two shots. He then fell to the
j ground and while on his knec« fired again
Dr. S. H. B'lteau testified that Brown
; died from traumatic pneumonia, due to a
j bullet wound in his right lung.
The vercict wiis as follows:
We. the jary, do Cn<J that the name nt th»
deceased was Kyfoa E. Brcwr v a nitive of
; California, aged mbout 2$ years, and that he
! came to t:« death »t 2C3 Fifth *tr«*>t, Oakland.
! at about 11 o'clock p. m. . September X. 13<X>.
! «n<3 that de«th wu ra'jwl by a hemorrhage
j re«ultlng from a gunshot wound in the <-h«t
j lr.flicted by a pi*tcl la the hand* of on* G<wrM
! MarRae. in Alameda, Alamtda County, Cal.,
1 and we further rtad that the firing of tit 11 pl>
i tol wa* irrosi c»rejes»ce»s on the part of said
; O»ors» MacRae.
W. T. Sagehorn (foreman), Morrlj I»«sc;,
Fred Oatter F. A. Treat, Louis Jurjr"ns, H.
I W. Nebel. Jam»« Rlnjr. A. C. Anderson.
In deference to the desire of Brown's
1 family Coroner Mehnnann held the in
[ quest at the residence of Mrs. N. Curley,
I where Brown died. • •
Policemen Sill and Jacobus were In at
j tendance, but there was no call for th-ir
services. If any attempt to molest Mac-
Rae had been intended by Brown's friends
it wu frustrated by the absence of the
policeman.
He Is Charged With Gross
Carelessness by a Cor
oiier's Jury.
?
Inquest on the Dsath of Myron E.
OFFICER MACRAE
SEVERELY SCORED
FAMOUS FRENCHMAN
ENTERTAINS AUDIENCE
Yesterday afternoon M. Ie Comte Mau
rice de Pradel. lecturer at the Colleee de
France, eave a dramatic recital at Social
HaH before a large ar.d appreciative au
dience. Included In hl3 programme were
a number of compositions of which he i3
the author, among them a charming poem.
"La Vie." which was crowned by the
Academic Francalse. and also a pictur
esque and dramatic, albeit very "French."
series of "pastels." "Les Drames de la
Vie Musulmane." Other numbers selected
were sketches from' "Cyrano de Berger
ac." "La Femme Torabee" (Victor Hugo),
"Le Vase Brlse" and "Les Zeuse." Sully
Prudhomme.
M. de Pradel ha« the dramatic instinct,
a charming and picturesque delivery and
a fine sympathy with his subjects. Th?
recital attracted a crowd of his corrpa
triots. who heartily applauded the efforts
of their gifted fellotv countryman.
GOXFEBS QTJAXrTT.
Sixty-Five of the Best Amateurs Tee
Off at Onwentsia.
LAKE FOREST. 111-. Sept. 2T.— Slxty
flve of the best amateur s n l?frr* In th<»
West teed off at Onwentsla to-dar In the
qualifying round for the Western golf
championship. The day was cold and
disasrre»able and a raw wind interfere^
to some extent with the plar. but la spite
cf thLs the play wa.« of a surprtslnsrly
good order. A year ago. when the cracc
srolfers of the country competed here for
the amateur championship of the- I'ntted
States, 1ST qualified. To-day, however,
only those turning cards of 1m or under
gained that honor and eight of the sixteen
qualifiers were under ISO.
Tne following qualified for the Marshall
Field trophy, carrying with it the West
ern championship: W. B. Smith. Kl:
Walter E?an. 167: John Stuart. *•!; W U
liam Hallblr.i Jr.. 17V. William Walleck.
179 H P. Bend. 1S5: Charles Egan. ITS:
W.' I. Os borne. 1T«: Oale Thompson. ir>:
A. G. Bennett. 1>4: W. G. T. Bristol. IS;
J C Daniels, \y*: M. Doran Jr. 1«»;
Geortre A. Yule. 1*T: Albert ?chail*r 1«2:
J Walter Knott. 152: R. W. Wrer.r.. !<G-
The loser of th* t!» between B»r.d.
Doran and Bristol will play for the second
sixteen cup.
Parliament of Women.
LOS ANdELES. Sept. 27.— The r!ub
*-om«n of Southern California are prepar
ing for the ninth annual session of the
Women's Parliament, which U to op«?n
at 10 o'clock on Tuesday morning. Octo
ber 9 In the- new t'nlty Church, this city.
The m*»i?:lng wl'.l be one of especial im
portance from the fact that the qupstlon
of women's property rich's will be dis
cussed. The question of asking the Legis
lature to regulate the property laws so as
to Five women e<j;ial rights with men in
this regard has be>n under consideration
for some time an.i It is probable detin'te
pctSon will be taken as the result ot the
approaching parliament.
?
Their Money Returned.
LONDON. Sept. 2^.— 'The London capi
talists who deposited £1.400.000 with the
Morsrans for the purchase of the Camp
Bird mine In Colorado." says the Dally
Express, "had the money returned to
them yesterday, John Hays Hammor.d
having advised against the purchase."
Bald Eagle's Banquet.
The members of Bald Easrle Tribe of
the Improved Order of Red Men last ni^ht
gave a banquet In one of the fashionable
rotisserifs to their degree team, which
at the recent session of the Great Coun
cil of California exemplified one of the
degrees and won the trophy offered by
that body. There were about sixty pres
ent, including a number of l&dies. H. C.
Wehr. the captain of the team, was the
toantmaster. The speakers were Thomas
Roche. H. C. Wehr. M. J. McGutre. L. H
Enemenc. 81 T. Alliman. J. P. McGuire.
F. W. Newell. "Pale Face" Burke. Louis
Klein. I. Mayer and W. W. Tanner.
Struck by an Electric Car.
F. Bollnger, living a! 6-:? Fulton strfet.
while trying to board a northbound elec
tric car at Fulton and Fillmore streets
last evening was struck by the south
bound car and had his left leg broken.
He was removed to the German Hospital,
where the broken member w;ts set. Sub
sequently Police Officer Ring arrested
Geor?e Teverdale. the motortnari. and
charged him at the City Prison with bat
tery."
Will Drill a£ Redding.
The ladles composing the San Fran
cisco Rebekah Drill Corps No. 2 have ac
cepted an invitation to go to Redding to
take part in a competitive drill for Re
bekahs. These ladles, under command
of Captain Allle Parker, will give an ex
hibition drill in Odd Fellows' Hall to
night to give their friends an opportun
itv to see what they will do during en
campment week.
Pledge Support to James E. Dunn.
The Building Trades Council held a
meeting last night and passed resolutions
approving the work of James E.
Dunn, chief of the Chinese Bureau, and
pledging him support so lone a.s the pres
ent standard of his work Is continued.
The council denounced the efforts of in
terested parties who are endeavoring to
besmirch the character of Mr. Dunn.
Verdict for Hennessey.
A Jury In Judge Hunt's court found a
verdict yesterday for H0O> In favor of
Patrick Hennessey and against Henry
Blngham, a stevedore. Hennessey was
injured about five years ago while as
sisting In unloading the steamer. Aztec.
The Jury found that Blngham'a negli
gence was responsible for the accident.
Curbstones Belong to City.
City Attorney I^ane- has rendered an.
opinion that the curbstones of an accept
ed street are the property of the city,
and that no power is granted to the Board
of Public Works to give curbstones to a
property owner, even though the latter
should substitute therefor better ones.
Jasper N. Patton's Will.
The will of Jasper X. Patton, late sec
retary of the Pacific Mutual Life Insur
ance Company, has been filed for pro
bate. Decedent drvises his estate to his
widow and son, Mrs. Sophie Patton and
Charles Patton. The value of the estate
is at present unknown.
Stole a Milk Wagtm.
Frank Murdock stole a milk wagon be
longing to the Santa Clara Dairy yester
day the rig havlns been left standing- m
front of 2a Bernice street at the time
while the driver was eattng his lunch.
Murdock managed to sell five cans of milk
before he was arrested.
Mercantile Library Will Move.
The Mercantile Library Association held
a meeting last night ind decided to move
Its library to a more central location
downtown. The present quarters are not
easily accessible to tlu general public.
Vallejo's Paying Water Works.
VAL.L.EJO.. Sept. 27.— The Vallejo City
Clerk's water report for tho half year
ending on June 30 shows that the profit to
the city amount* to $14,860.
"With the Family.
A meeting of Federal officials was held
yesterday forenoon in the office of United
States Surveyor General Gleaves for the
purpose of taking action with referenco
to the death of Customs Collector John
P. Jackson. The following named were
appointed a committee to draft resolu
tions, of respect to the. memory of the
dead Collector and of condolence for h!s
family: Josepn S. Spear Jr.. Surveyor of
the Port; J. M. Gleaves, United States
Surveyor General; Julius Jacobs. United
States Assistant Treasurer: Hart H.
North. United States Immigration Com
missior.er, and \V. W. Montague, Post
master.
Chief Clerk E. B. Jerome ha.=« ordered
the Custom-house closed at 1 o'clock this
afternoon in order to allow customs of
ficials an opportunity of attending the
funeral.
The funeral will take place from the
family residence. 720 Sutter 3treef. at 2
o'clock this afternoon. The body will be
cremated at Odd Fellows' Cemetery, and
the services at the cemetery will be pri
vate.
Federal Officials Meet and Will Pass
Resolutions of Condolence
COLLECTOR JACKSON'S
BO BY TO BE CHEJIATED
OAKLAND, Sept. 27.— The Boating
A??ociat!on cf the University of
California will hold 1 its annual
regatta next Saturday in Ses
sions Basin and the adjoining
waters. Much enthusiasm i? b«>ing rhani
f-=sten on the part of the students and
preparations are b«»ir.g made to entertain
a large number of spectator*. Class crews
have b*en practicing daily for the event.
and there will be an interesting series of
barg-e races. Individual contests will take
place in skiff and swimming races.
President Benjamin Ide Wheeler, whose
interest in boating is well known, will act
as referee. Many spectator? will attend
the regatta In pleasure boats. The occa
sion is preliminary to another attempt to
bring about aquatic contests with Stan
ford.
The prceramme cf events, with the en
tries in each. Is as follows:
Ir.t»rclsFf barge ra*e, or.e mil*: Flr?t h-at—
Senicr-. H. E. Magee. E. B. Uar!»y. H B.
6lBgte< skiff race. on« mile: First beat—
Redcwin, Cert; tecond h^at— Harley, Kir^ton.
Barge raoe. (in? n:il»: Crewi frcm the «talT?
of th* Californian and Occident, the college
fsjers.
XCO-yard rwinunlaa; race: Smlth.=on. Parinen
ba:jrn. Pauson. II. C. Bradley, McConaughy,
Trwr.s^r.d. Almtnd. Bynunei and Hall.
Ptaala of ?inrl» skifT race.
Tub contest.
, F*ira!s of f.':tere:a«3 bar^e race.
The official? or the dav will be: Refere*.
President Whetler; starter. W. C. Good
win: clerk of course. F. M.' Foster; judgpa
of -.ftnlsh— Professor Magee and J. K.
The boathou?e of the University Asso
ciation 1? reached from Clinton "station
en the broad gauge line and by the Eighth
street electric cars.
[Qterci&n burxe race, one mile: Second heat
¦— Sophomores. F. V. Kinrton. Cerf. Gould.
Altnu: frMfcmea. E. B. Moore, NIcholls. W.
Fc?tAr ar.d \Yaniw?Il.
i«<>-}-ard «sn-irr.mln< race: Fnnithson. McCon
tmgt-.y. T«wnaeod, Almind, Sjmm« and Hall.
FTfty-yird rwiir.niir.e race: Swain. Smithscn
•Danr.er.baum. MnVr.au shy. Hnll and Pauson.
Morse ar.d E. L. Beck; JOBlon, F. M. Foster
Ba'rd. C. Rod^will and F. Redewill. •
ing to-morrow evening. Majir C. W.
Kv> hu been engaged to address the
voters ot trat rectoB.
Tbe BettvAdSeam State Central ComTnlt
?*<? has arrar.jred for a meeting at Corn-
Kyle to Speak.
Tb* r>«"mocra.L5 •will hold their ««^?ond
rsilr <rf the campaten at Metropolitan
Temple to-morrow night. D. M. Dc-Iraas.
•rbo ftdded'co bJs» enviable reputation as a
political shaker by his exeat s^^ch at
the San Jo?e ixiuwcutSoft, -will be the prin
dpa.1 nrstT. Porter A?h» ar.d othei-R of
the car.dl-'ates ¦will probably make short
Tlie Indepeaflegt Re publicans of th» j
• -:h A?«embiy District beld a meet- 1
:r.« test r.irht ?t 21" Blxth street .ind ef
fected a. t.-icporary org.inizpticn with the i
ttAioxring officrs: M. H. Shepard. pr^^i- j
dent; R. G. AHea, vice presiient: r,?org« ;
O'Connor, eejetaxy: H. D. Rr>-an, treas- '.
¦ - - Henry Lick, wrcesst ai arrn«. The
club will wck for the success of the R»
pui- ican tlcktt. TJ.e roll is tpen for *'«;- i
natures at ZVj ?.xth street.
_ «
D>ln;as To-Mcrro-w Iiieht
New Club ia Tnirteentb. District.
T>» lar?e icr.t erected by the Harbor
P.^pubiican Club at Folsom and Steuart
Ftr*"ts was QOed last night at the first
rSSy held by the club. Every seat was
taken and several hundred men stood out-
Bifl*. the- walls oi th« tent being raised to
; rait thern to se« and hear.
• ~~r.£r«?ssir.an Kahn was the principal
speaker of the evening. Captain H. W.
iall presided. Other ?prak«=-rs were
Judge E. H. Benson of Oregon. Frar.k H.
'•<- r-:=r.n. IX E. MrK:r.iay ar.d Thomas
F. Orrharn. <>puin John L»ea!<* enter
ttined the meetlr.g with several stories.
Locii H. Anderson, a member of the
r'.ub. Introduced the following resolution,
which was adopted by a unanimous vote'
WTherwa, Th* R«pub:!-«Ti <-onv»nt!c«n of the
t ._.. k C11L4K111R11 ii Dtetrlet baa renoxr.:nate<i
Hrn. iaUss Kaba fr if senlaee for a *eeond
.tana tn Ccrxres^; ar.J v.htieM*. th* Hirbor
car. Cteb apEn*ci«t« fcii eminent *#r
• oca mm m '-"•7g-r»*sTr.an ;n b*tra.If of the labor- :
:r.«r. cfclpptac, laulUlK id corr.3iercla.l inter
• >.;:: ¦¦¦rr.:» »-i tb» Fa-iSc Coast OartBC
v « Bnt terta.
Bevoircd. That the Harbor Republican Club
ly !r.d^r>*» his «rt» as a r«pr»»«3UUve
7"--jrth C 11 urc Minna 1 Dirtrtft. irrespective of
• - -.-: .¦: a, to vcte for the H?n. Julius
Kafea
ninth usiastic Meeting' in Tent Ad
* dresssd by Julius Kahn and
Other Speakers.
HAHBOE REPUBLICAN CLTJB
MAN* AT LEFT HOLDING OAR IS F. V. KIXGTON, CAPTAIN* OF SO
PHOMORE CTREW. STANDING NEXT HIM 15 F. M. FOSTER, CAP
TAIN OF JUNIOR CREW. OARSMAN SEATED AT LEFT IS E. B.
MOORE. CAPTAIN FRESHMAN CREW, AND SITTING AT HIS RIGHT
IS H. E. MAGEE, CAPTAIN SENIOR CREW.
The Supervisors" Street. Committee yes
terday recommended the passage of an
ordinance granting the Board of Public
Works absolute charge and control of the
construction of steps and windows of
buildings, of maintenance of engines and
botlers of the height and numbering ot
buildings and frrection < of street signs.
Permits for the same will be granted by
the Board of Works without any direction
of the Supervisor*. The committee has
also recommended that that portion of
Frederick street between First and Sec
ond avenues be designated ad H street.
The conditional acceptance of Jackson
street, between Lyon street and Central
avenue, was ordered.
A delegation of the Grant Avenue Im
provement Club waited on the Board ot
Public Works yesterday to urge the im
provement of Grant avenue with bitu
minous pavement. A. S. Baldwin said that
the city should pay for the improvement.
but informed the board that the prop
erty owners have agreed to pay one-third
of the cost of repaying Grant avenue
from Bush to Market streets with two
and a half inches of asphaltum on cob
bles.
President Mendel of the board favors the
improvement and suggested a petition be
filed with the board asking that it bo
made.
The delegation consisted of A. S. Bald
win E A. Kyle of Goldberg. Bowen &
Co.. Andrew Davis, George H. Lent. M
Byrnes. E. H. Mitchell. M. Kenna and T.
T. Burns of the Hamraam bnths.
lists Aid of Board of Public
Works.
Delegation of Property Ownsrs En-
URGES IMPROVEMENT
OF GRANT AVENUE
"I would remind th<* Directors.'" said
Superintendent Webster, "that it seems
peculiar, to say the least, that they
sometimes take shelter behind the char
ter and sometimes behind the State law.
as may suit their purpose. Mark f-irgets
that he as mv «*>puty during the admin
istration of the last School Board repre
sented me at several of its meetings when
I wa3 unavoidably detained."
Superintendent Webster was highly in
dignant yesterday when he learned that
his deputy, W. D. Kingsbury. had been
refused recognition as his legal repre
sentative at Wednesday's meeting of the
Board of Education. Webster says that
he did not atuho-rlae Kingsbury to rep
resent him without consulting the law.
and his stand is supported by the Po
litical Code and the declsicn.3 of Attorney
General Johnson.
Antagonistic Attitude to Per
sonal Animosity.
Webster Ascribes the School Board's
SUPERINTENDENT UPHOLDS
DEPUTY KINGSBUBT
It ti mnour.ce-1 to-r.ight that the Xus
r-aurr.er co»rm!Tt<=e will call a meeting
for Saturday i.i organize.
A rrar.gr- rr.F-TiT* have tvtn made for the
<-p«T.ing OT the r?irrpaign h»^ on October
'' " . r- ¦ - - ¦ r-r'r:'.r.5 will be the prin
fpal speaker. The State Central Com
mittee r.as <'.ec:de<i t^ make its own dates
fcr Oakland. Among the campaigners
¦who w'.U b*- heard ft* re is Samuel M.
Shcrtrl^ge.
The latest communication from the
Ftate Central Cfxsitt^ is an announce
rr.Tt th.it the Governor will address the
r- T> ¦¦! <"'s,k'.ar..1 -*n November 3. That
n a. communication Bent to each menber.
I- the r^f reo^ived by Mr. Breed his
title as chairman of the County Commlt
ree la not recognized. The official etate-
Dent from the Breed side announces that
That n!ne had a conference among thern
f--=-iv«>s and decMed that it wa« impractlca-
W« to act u;*<"»n any o* the suggestions
r-.ade by th« other nine. They asserted
that it would be impolitic and undignified
to select a chairman by lot.
Ti-.e Bree-i men claim that they have
been otaclally reccgr.ize<l by the Republi
can State «v«tra.l CoouOttX.it as the bona
fi«ie County Ontral Committee. Th«
Nusbaumerlrrs «ay that the State Com
mittee ha* refused to give such recogni
tion and that ail communications touch
ir.jr campaign mutters have been sent to
•¦ach of the individual members of th«
COmmXttrc without regard for the Breed
1 rgar.iz.-\:ir.
The unorjrar.ized half cf. the committee
hAs r.ot <l*ciiied what step* to take. It is
pmbabie th*t they will f"rai a second
commitre* ar.d conduct a campaign in the
As*«sfciy district* of which They hold the
representation, namely, the Forty-sixth,
Forty-sever.th and Forty-ninth.
Each faction in the Republican County
Committee has decided to hoe Its own
:ci during th«* caxupaisa In Alameda
2ocsty. Failure of yesterday's confer
cr.ee to h"al the breach Is now the ac
cepted resu:;. The Breed wing has start
ed to tec-re speaker-?, and by that action
l~as rr.a<ie 1*.« ultimatum. The Xusbaumer
*lvle <Se>-lares that the failure to secure
l.armcr.y 1* iue to the refusal of the other
to accept ar-y compromise proposi
tion lookir.gr toward an adjustment of the
cr-iarrel.
<~'aklar.d Office San Francisco CalL
HI! Broadway. Sept. 27.
Two Ccninittecs Working Upon Dis
trict Plan Is the Outlook for
Alaneda County
Campaign.
Breed Wing Announces That
It Will Not Accept
Any Terms.
FACTIONS FAIL
TO COMPROMISE
Mrs. Doheny's friends in Los Angeles
were notified of her death at once. Ad
vices as to the disposition of the body
have yet to be received. She was 37 years
of age and A native of New York.
Coroner Mehrmann toon charge of the
case, and the bottle of nuid. which is
labeled "•Poisnn" in black lettering on a
heavy red background.
"I wa? attracted a short time after
ward by a violent screaming. Rushing
to her room I found that Mrs. Doheny
was in terrible a»ony. She had intended
to take seme of the me«.icine. but got the
fluid by mistake, both bottles being very
similar In appearance and the color of
tne uuids being much the same."
Mrs. Doheny left the south and went to
San Francisco, later building the resi
dence at Linda Vista, where she died.
Miss M. Morgan, who had been Mrs.
Dobeny's companion since »ast November,
was in charge of the Some to-day. He*
explanation of the atiair is as follows:
"Mrs. Doheny has been a sufferer from
nervous troubles for a long time. Last
Monday I sent to the drug store for some
medicine and for the battery fluid which
she wanted for batteries in the hou3e
equipment. Mrs. Doheny took the pack
ages when they were delivered and went
up stairs to her room.
The Dohenys' home had been in Los An
geles for many years. Before that Do
heny resided in New Mexico, where he
had mining Interests. The couple were
married there eighteen years ago. Do
heny is a successful oil man in Southern
California and is recognized as one of the
leading experts of the oil industry in the
State. He has accumulated a fortune la
a very few years.
The fluid chemically is salammoniac.
Mrs. Doheny drank six ounces, it is esti
mated.
Dr. E. X. Ewer. Dr. R. T. Stratton and
Dr. W. S. Porter nttended Mrs. Doheny.
They found that deatn was rot Instanta
neous because the first effect of the con
siderable quantity she drank had been
that of an emetic.
Mrs. Carrie Doheny. former wife of Ed
ward L. Doheny. the Southern California
pil magnate, died to-day at her residence.
622 Walsworth avenue, from the accident
al drinking Monday afternoon of some so
lution intended for an electric battery.
She mistook the solution lor medicine.
Almost as soon as Mrs. Doheny tasted the
fluid she realized h?r error and screamed
for assistance. Household attendants
called physicians, who prolonged her life
until to-day, but the patient had swal
lowed sufficient to produce fatal results.
The poisonous mixture contained consid
erable sulphuric acid ar.d other chemical
combinations' forming a draught most
deadly tn nature.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
111 5 ? Broadway. Sept. 27.
Former Wife of an Oil King Suc
cumbs to a Draught of Solu
tion for Electric
Battery.
Mrs. Carrie Doheny Makes
a Fatal Error While
Seeking Medicine.
DRANK POISON
THROUGH MISTAKE
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
Ill* Broadway, Sept. 27.
"With the patient perfectly conscious
though dead to pain the sTirgtcal staff of
the Receiving Hospital this afternoon
amputated both fe«t and trepanned the
skull of Miss Cora Friend, the woman
who was struck by the local train a?
Twenty-third avenue station yesterday
afternoon. The operation was the first
of its kind ever per'orinetl in Alameda
County and one of the f*w ever attempt
ed oa the Pacific Coast. Instead of fol
lowing the usual method of anesthesia oy
the use of chloroform cr ether the system
now in vcpue in the great hospitals of
Europe was used — that of dulling the
sensory nerves by the us« of cocaine hy
podermically administered.
Dr. J. M. Shannon, who recently re
turned from an extended tour of Europe.
directed the administering of the drug,
which wan Injected directly into the pa
tient's spinal cord. The needle of the hy
podermic syrlnjre was inserted between
the vertebrae and the fluid sent Into the
body's greatest nerre.
Miss Friend was able to talk and *nve
directions to the surgeons for her com
fort. Not at any time did she l^se con
sciousness nor aid she make any outcry
while her feet were removed or her scalp
laid back and a piece of the skull re
moved. With eyes wide open the woman
lay motionless, making no complaint of
pain. She was prevented from watchinst
the work of the surgeons, and only
when she caught an occasional glance of
her mangled limbs did she speak of her
wounds hurting her.
After the operation Misa Friend rallied
and hopes are now entertained of her re
covery. Had chloroform or ether been
administered in her weakened state she
would probably have died from shock
during the operation.
The surgeons who performed ' the oper
ation are Dr. F. R. Porter. Dr. R. T.
Stratton. Dr. J. H. Milton. Dr. E. N
Ewer. Dr. Rowe. Dr. J. M. Shannon and
Dr. Reinhardt. All were outspoken In
their praise of the new system, and Miss
Friends case will b« watched with a
great deal of interest.
In explanation of the effect of the co
caine the surgeons stated that the drus
had the effect r>f paralyzing the sensorv
nerves but leaving the motor centers
perfectly ncnr.al. The effect Is but tem
porary and loaves r.o had after effects.
Remarkable Results From Cocains
Hypodermically Administered
Directly Into the Spinal
Cord.
Woman Watches Surgeons
Amputate Both of
Her Feet
CONSCIOUS, BUI
DEAD TQ PAIN
BERKELEY CREWS PRACTICE DAILY
FOR REGATTA ON SESSIONS BAY
President Wheeler to Be Referee — Desire Is
to Bring About Aquatic Contests.
BERKELEY. Sept. 27. — Joseph
Thomas. IT 3-rarB old. had hfs'
skull fractured in attempting to
Jump «r by falling from the noon
local train to-day. His injury is
believed to be fatal. ,
Young: Thomas was ridlnsr from Dwight
way to Berkeley on the platform. At
Allstnn way. over a block from the sta
tion and while the train was still running
at a hljrh rate of speed, he either jumped
or fell from the platform. J. M. McNuHy,
who was standing on the street near the
scene of accident, said he saw the boy
in a position ax If he ¦were jroins to tamp.
McNulty turned hi? ar.d on looking
back saw the boy falling. Elmer Hora
ber^er said he saw young Th-jmas on th*
ground and .is he attempted to rl3e the
truck of a coach struck him on the heaii.
The trainmen did not know of the acci
dent until after the return from North
Berkeley.
The boy was carried to Dr. W. Allen's"
office and later removed to the East Bay
Sanitarium. A Ion? cash was cut in his
scalp and the left side of the skull and
the upper jaw bone w?re badly fractured.
Joseph Thomas is the son of Edmund D.
Thomas, the auditor of the Market-street
Railroad. He Is an exceptionally bright
boy. a student at the Berkeley Hisjh
School and a member of St. Mark's Epts-
copal Church .choir. Mrs. Thomas is pros
trate«I over the unfortunate accident.
Victim the Son of Auditor of Marlcet-
Street Railway Company and Mem
ber of Episcopal Chor.
Truck of a Coach Struck Unfor
tunate Youth on the Head
as He Fell.
Seventeen-Year-Old Joseph Thomas Suffers
Fracture of the Skull and May Die.
FALLS OR JUMPS FROM A TRAIN
AND MAY BE FATALLY INJURED
THE SAN FRAInCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 28. i900.
JOSEPH THOMAS. YOUTH WHO
MET ACCIDENT THAT MAT
RESULT IN DEATH.
Mrs. Amelia Lane, residing at 6 Vallejo
place, was found de£d in her room by her
husband last evening. She had been ill for
some time and death Is supposed to have
been the result of natural cause*.
Found Dead by Husband.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
Thursday, September 27.
Ftmr Point Axes*, Ha&aca, is fcosrs "rsm
Point Arcs*, ,'r :;-:----
ARRIVED.
tunity to Vote at the Presi
dential election.
BEGISTBATION CLOSES „,
TN ALABEEDA COTJNTT
Fe-w Citizens Forfeit Their Oppor-
_ - *. .-
OAKLAND. Sept. Zl.— Registration !n
Alameda County closed last night at 12
o'clock. The last hours were marked by
a grreat rush of voter*. 300 p-eople making
their affidavits during the evening. Th*
grand total registration is estimated to
be about 32.000. The County Clerk bellevej
that lets than 2tt> voters have lost their
cii«.-.ce to vote at the Presidential election.
OAKLAND, Sept. 27.— A resolution di
recting City Attorney Dow to bring suit
against such parties as he deems neces
sary for failure to properly drain Lak«>
Merritt was passed at the meeting of the
City Council committee to-night. The
matter will come before the Council at the
cext meeting.
Suit on Lake Drainage.
ICon-TJnion Men at Work.
OAKLAND, Sept. 27.— Non-union . car
penters have been put at work on the
Bacon estate building. Twelfth and Wash
ington streets, because of a difficulty of
union carpenters with the contractors
Smith & Lake. The Building Trade3
Council has called off all union mechanics.
AVe are continually adding to our fram
ing department new and novel designs in
framing materials, superb patterns and
shapes in ready-made frames and Jn all
manner of finishes. Dainty and delicate
moldings at the most reasonable price3
Sanborn. Vail & Co., 741 Market street. •
Pretty Effects.
OAKLAND, Sept. 27.— Marriage licenses
¦were iseued to-day to Krank Curtis de
Costa, 2-5 years of a&e, Berkeley, and
Kittle Rledel, 13, Warm Springs; David
Philip Kelly. 20, and Mary H. Grant. 24
both of Oakland: Frank Nevis. 15. and
Mary Mello; 2*. both of Alameda: George
Frederick Wagner, 34, Centerville and
Annie Meyer, 30. San Francisco; Wilber
Fisk Hixson. 32. San Francisco, and Ella
Virginia Tackett, 27. French Corral.
Licensed to Marry.
Expired While in a Fit-
c
9
SACRAMENTO. S#r>t. ST.— C. Clifford fell
from the r"of of a house on the Riverside ro«,i
se-er-i rr-.'.'.es from the city to-dar and vu
killed. II* leaves a «i.iow.
FRK.-=COTT. Arix.. Pert- 27.— As a r»rult of
'he recent election at which bonds for $130.'>V)
v»re voted for a water system. 0->orze w.
Sturt«vant Jr., tht contractor for the Bjnterxv
is now organizing a force of men for the work
an.i will commence operations n«-xt Uon.lar.
The line will be twenty-two miles In length
and he expects to corr.rlete it in five months.
India does not produce any horses fit
for military service.
SEB THE GRHAT CCMfC AND HALF
TONH SECTION.
AND OTHER FEATURES.
THE PIRATES OF THE
PHIUFP1NES.
THE LATES T FASHIONS IN
. HATS
A SAN FRANCISCO GIRL'S
EXPERIENCE IN OLD
MEXICO.
RAISING FROGS FOR TH£
SAN FRANC SCO
MARKET.
THE PASSION PLAY AT
OBERAMMERGAU AND
THE PEOPLE WHO
PLAY IT.
Obserred by HcoTf I Kowalsky.
day's Cal by Ois on the Iuiie o[
the Great Gambling Gim^
WHAT ARE YOUR CHANCES
OF WINNING IN THE
CHINESE LOTTERY?
The Subject Futly Discussed in Next Sun*
CALL
NEXT
SUNDAY'S
SEPTEMBER 30, 1900.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 28, 1900.
10
8AN FIIANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The Ban Francisco
Csll. corner of llarket and Third streets. op«n
until 12 o'clock every right In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— K7 Montgomery street
corner Clay; cpen until 9:30 p. in.
SCO Hayes street; open until 9:30 p. m. 4
IS? McAllister street; cpen until 9:30 p. m,
Cl*. Lerkin street; cpen until P:SO p. m.
1S41 llisrtcn street; cpen until 10 p. m.
V2CI Market street corner Sixteenth; open
trull 9 v. m.
106 Eleventh ftreet: open until I p. m.
1P?6 Valencia street: open until 9 p. m.
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky ureet*: or*n until 9 p. m.
MEETING NOTICES^
CALIFORNIA Commandery No. 1. K. „ jjr_
T.. £ Post St. — R*-—jlar assembly THIS fi?^
3:VKNING for MEMBERS ONLY. By £3
order <*f the Commander. W¥
HIRAM T. GRAVES. Recorder. v
A REGULAR meeting of Yerba
Buena Chapter No. I, Knlirhte j]
Hose Croix, A. and A. Scottish . — JJl — ,
Rite cf Freemascnry. will be held — V» >
In Charter Hall, Masor.lc T<>m;>le, K1
on FRIDAY EVENING. Sept. 2S. \H
1S00. at S o'clock sharp. Degree IS. IV I
1IENRT EURNKR, Ij
Secretary.
AFOLLO Lodge No. 123. I. O. O.
F. — Apollo Lodge Degree Team §3«SES~
will Initiate in Memorial Hall
THIS .FRIDAY) NIGHT, 8 -^i'vS*-
o' clock sharp. Members and visitors cordially
Invited. New by-laws will be distributed to
members. HANDEL II. ZOBEL, N. G.
W. F. NORCRO^-S, Rec. Sec
KING Solomon's Lodre No. ISO, F. and *
A. M.— The ciflcers and members are Ja
••<.•- ted to attend the fureral of cur W V
<5»c*s*<ed brother, JOHN HENRY
FROST, from the Masonic Temple, on FRI-
r>AT, Pert em her Z\ at 1:3* o'clock p. a. By
crfier cT lie Master.
HARRY BAEHR, Secretary.
STOCKHOLDERS' ME HT ING— Notice Is hereby
riven that the annual meeting of the stock-
holders cf THE BANK OF CALIFORNIA
will be held at the banklr.g house In this city
en TUESDAY. October 9. 1900. at 11 o'clock
a. m. By order of the Board of Directors.
ALLEN M. OAT. Secretary.
ANNUAL meeting — The regular annual meeting
cf th« stockholder* of the Ferndale Petroleum,
Oil ana Development Company will be held
at the office of the company. 222 Saneome et.
room £1, second floor. San Francisco. Cal.. on
MONDAY, the 1st day of October 1500. for
the purpose cf electing a board of directors
to eerve for the ensuing year and the transac- !
tlcn cf euch other business as may come be-
for« the raeet1r..T. CHAS. II. PUSHING. Sao.
AGENTS WANTED.
K5 TO $10 daily made by our Live Agent*,
men cr women, selling our latest novelty,
campaign waterproof neckties: goods entirely
cew and patented; agents delighted; siiee uu-
linlteS; vfcat ot^erc do you can do; write to-
day; eecure exclusive territory; guaranteed
best selles. Adflress, with starr.r. M. & 21.
MAXFG. CO.. Pert. C. Springfield. Mass.
AGENTS of ab'.llty and experience In life Insur-
ance. Call at rocm 1C1, ??7 Market, cor. Blxth.
VTE handle newest novelties for agents. PA-
<~IFIC AGENTS' PUPPLY CO.. 34C1 ISth gt
ASPIIALTCM ltOOFIXG. ~~
J. PELTIER, uphalt rooflng, sidewalks: cellar
leld. repaired: portal. 11R6 Mission st.
A.STUOLOCV.
Mlir. H1CKEY, astrologlst; card reading and
palmistry, Xc; horoscopes cast 1933 Mission.
DR. C. T. TAYLOR, fcler.tif.o astrologer, com- j
p-J^es hoiuwuupo by Ptolemy method. 765 Mkt. j
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
R. W. KING, attorney at law. 927 Market St.. .
room C*7; estates. damages. attachments,
bankruptcy, collections: ell cases; fair fees;
no advance charges; money loaned on estates.
ADVICE fx<>«: divorce law a specialty; private;
i.o f«-e without success; collections. G. W.
HCUVK. atty et law. STA Market. cor.Stockton.
FREE advice; divorce law?, damages, estates,
collections. J. A. Mitchell, 314 Montgomery. |
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful. W.
W. Davidson. S™ Market St.. opp. Mason.
L. & CLARK. Emma Sj-reckels bl^jr., 9»7 Mar- j
krt ex.; '-or«ultatlon free; r.i fees in advance. |
DATU CA11INETS.
ROBXKBOSi *5, 4-paneI foTdlnrrSooTopensTflrrn •
ptvI Fafe. \V. P. BROWN, gen. art.. 436 Ellis, j
¦ i
UlSINCSS CHANCES.
|
A— I40O— BUTCHER shop en Valencia et-; j
monthly receipts about J1200; s»llir.g 4 cattle !
per week; low rent; pood business. Call 11. I
Q. WILKE. 2€4 Kearny st. j
A— 53»O— PTATIOXERY. notions and branch ¦
bakery; S living roome; cheap rent and a '
pood paying business. Call K. G. WILKE, i
:>¦'•¦» Kearny st.
A— $40t'; RtUSTAlTKANT en Valencia St.; rent :
J25. or with 7 furnished rooms, JT^.K!; rent $45 ;
fi->r all; e'»od i>laee; death of child cause of
K-lline; a bargain. See R. O. WILKE, Xhi
Kearny et.
A-»CSC; P.ESTAVHANT. i blocks north of
Chronicle buildinr: first-class prices; rent ;
business engagements. Call R. G. WILKE :
2f}H Keerny st. ;
A— $400; CHOPHOUSE: close to Cty Hall; rent
t3J; daily receipts $23.
A $3uO bakery: a block from Call building;
«aily receipts $20; only store trade, cee R.
G. WILKE. :CV» Kearny «t
A— $1200; SALOON with 10 furnished rooms,
close to new Hall of Justice; place established
many years and doing a good business; oww
enpatred otherwise cauce cf sale. Call R. cl.
W1LKE. 26^ Kearny st.
A— SALOON with 9 furnished rooms; rent $40;
p'.ace doing; a good business; in neighborhood
lunch from II to 1 o'clock; a' rare chance.
Call R. G. WILKE. 26H Kearny et.
A-J1430; SALOON; established many years;
half a block ncrth of Mason and Market;
rent $7E; a first-class, paying place; partners
can't arree cause cf sale. See R. G. WJLKE,
IG^i Kearny et.
A— 51100; CORNER grocery and bar; choicest
location In the Mission; rent $25; 4 living
rooms; place eetabliEhed yeare; owner a
widow, wartf- to retire. Call R. G. WILKE,
88H Kearny et..
ttJO-SALOON; best location In South B. F.;
rood payinjr buslneM: 4 nice living rooms;
moderate rent. M. LESS & CO., 7C5 Market.
A— $:.00; CORNER grocery and bar; south of
Market; old-eFtabllahed; 4 living rooms; cheap
rent; old age cause Fa!e. M. LESS, 765 Market.
$1209— CORNER saloon arid lunch house; down-
town; magnificently fitted up; large, first-class
stock; pa.}-.np. il. LE^S 4c CO.. 7CJ Market.
A-SAY. FISHER & CO., have you lodglne-
housee? Yes; what price? $300 vp. any loca-
tion desired; 13 rooms. {300; 10. rooms. J4^0; 10
rooms, new. !S00, fine; £0 rooms, bargain. $750;
27 rooms. $2O'.'0, snap; ail eizes, all prices, all
cew bargains: call and 6ee us. 1022 Market.
A— HAIRDr.EFSINO; rood business; 3 employ-
ed; $<2S. KREIX) It DUTTON. ZS Geary st.
A— DELICATESSEN; est. 8 yrs ; fZ5 dally
¦worth seeing; t?M. Kredo & Dutton. 36 Geary!
BRANCH baker?-. $rS; cor.; value in stock- 4
rme. ; rent m. KREDO & DUTTON. 36 Geary.
JCSO-MTLLIN-ERY business; an elegant place;
fall value In Etock; living-rooms; oheap rent"
a bargain. LANE & CO.. W5 Market st.
BARGAIN; saloon; fine location and bustnees;
no night work; come quick. LANE. i65 Mrkt.
WE have largest list cf saloons, hotels, gro-
ceries, cigar stores, etc.. in the city Call
SCHWEINHARD & CO.. 917 Market '«.. be-
tween Fifth and Sixth; telephone Mint 191L
AN old established shoe store site to be had
in the very best business block In Oakl.-.nd-
Fituation unexcelled; fixtures and shelving to
ff%. ln a T O fn£: p " ed for lmmpdl -
PARTNER wanted in restaurant and dlnlng-
rtK.m of a flm-claes i large hotel; small capital
r^iuired. Address box 4428. Call office
R P TA UI i;ANT doing rood business, call and
lnypeot. 21S7 Cer.tcr st.. Berkeley.
W A NTED-Partntr for r^Haurant; too much
huflr.eys for one; $3np. Apply 630 Fourth st.
eb ° S ' 2 £ hal "^^°t cheap. 346
RANCH v/lth m'.lk route. 22 cows. 6 horses
wa^ora. etc Box IS. 306 Eleventh st.
HALF or controlling Interest in rich irravel
property: favorable terms to right cartl»i
W. K. FLETCHER, room 45, Sth floor. Mills
Uiildlng. 10 to 12 a. m.
GROCERY and bar: good location: established
IS year*; etock In sight for full purchase price
Apply .W..U HARPER, 213 Uearrt bldg.
BGSTACBANT with living rooms; good lora-
tion; selling cheap on account of sickness
_Box 4440. Call.
FOR SALE— Grocery and bar doing a good
business. Call or address SI Cedar avenue;
no agents. . .-
ROUTE cf 7r,0 subscribers on a leading daily
for sale. Inquire box 43&8. Call.
EALOON* for sale; opposite the ferry. Apply
111 East St., north of Market; no agents.
FOR eale — Delicacy store: roust be sold on ac-
count cf.dcknefls. 608 Turk st
PLUMBING shop, stock, shop tools, horse and
wagon for sale. Address box 440L CalL
FOR KALE— Klondike Oyster House; money
x&aker; cause Blckacu> 126 Third «t, at 12 m.
BUSINESS CHANCES — CONTINUED.
FOR Bale— Drug etore; large town; central Cal-
ifornia; finest location; new stock and fix-
tures; good paying prescription business; in-
voice $2S0O; low expense., E. R. C, care
Langley & Michaels Co.. 40 First st
COFFEE and tea routes supplied* from GEO.
W. CASWELL Sz. CO.. 412 Sacramento St.
CLAESIKIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Ftllmore st
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at IMS Va-
lencia («t.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
MAIUOX GRIFriNr^ir^tTrket stT. room 1
S room?; N. Mkt.; rent $30; clean; resp.. ;250
10 rooms; rent $45; extra good; refined.... 600
15 rooms; A No. 1; clears $60; pfano 1200
19 rooms; central corner; fine: bonton.... 1100
t) rooms; always full; rent $60; a snap.. 600
40 rooms; 3 bks N Mkt: low rent: H oash. 2700
to rooms. 12C0, 2000, 2500 (all paying) 7000
CS-ROOM house; down town; must be sold.
16-room house on Turk st. ; $500.
22-room house on Geary; central.
10-room house on Turk st. ; very cheap.
Iloures ail Flzes from $150 to $£00; some great
bargains. Call and Inspect our list
EMERY & SMITH. 3 Eddy st
SPECIAL BARGAINS
14 rooms, corner, north of Market 1560
20 rooms; $500 cash. bal. $10 monthly 1000
83 rooms, great sacrifice, sickness 1700
CS rooms: corner; rent $125; see it 2200
R. H. WINSTON & CO.. 1026 Market st.
A SPECIAL INDUCEMENT. CALL ON
KREDO & DUTTON. 2« Geary st. ,
$700 cash for 50 rooms; new; installments.
J300 for 14 rooms: Geary; $35 profit.
$4cO only for 14 rooms; Post; worth $900.
A— 22-ROOM rooming-house; central $1000
11-room house; J3C0 down; balance easy... 600
20-room house; fir?t-olas6 1050
11-room house: $475; C-room flat 325 .
FISHER & CO.. 1032 Market st
LODGING-HOUSE buyers, attention— Houses
at reduced prices; genuine bargains; sizes and
location to suit; money loaned. SCHWEIN-
HARD & CO.. 917 Market et.. between Fifth
and Sixth; phone K'll.
A — 38-ROOM hotel; modern; large lot; 2 stores ;
always full; or suitable for sanitarium; In
Alameda: very easy terms. Apply A. M.
8 PECK & Ca. 6C7 Market st.
FCRNISJJED house. 10 rooms: ail occupied:
good location; rent cheap. 12V,i Ninth St.; no
agents.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents. The Weekly Call.
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
CARRIAGES AND WAGONS.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
etc.. cheap. EG AN & SON. 2117 Mission st.
AX A Xo. 1 express wagon, single, also light
camping wagon, for Bale cheap. 532 Mission.
NEW & 2d-hand wagons, buggies, carts & har-
ness, work & driving horses. 15th & Valencia.
SPOXfJES and chamois our specialty. AMER-
ICAN SPONGE CO.. 150 New Montgomery st.
CAMPAIGN PHOTO BUTTONS.
MFT of all kinds of photo buttons and Jewelry;
wholeFale and retail; Fend for catalogue.
Miniature Portrait Co.. P"3 Market nt.. S. F.
SPIRITUALISM.
ARRIVED — Mrs. Dr. Farnham. world-renowned
spiritual medium; advice in all affairs of life,
lawsuits, divorces, deaths; unites the sepa-
rated; mining a specialty; clrs. Sun.,Wed.,FrL
ev'e; come and be convinced. (Permanently)
CIS Hddy St.. bet. Hyde and Larkln; no sign.
MRS. HARLAXD'S circle to-ni»?ht; articles
read; 10c; prophetic readings dally. 14S Sixth.
i ATTEND Mrs. Dunham's circle of truth; 2. S
j p. m. 14 McAllister ot., rm. 35; admission 10c.
I ATTEXD Mme. Marquise's convincing test cir-
j cle to-night at 8; 10c. 5 Hyde St.; read, dally.
I MRS. LESTER-Circles Sun.. Tues.. Fri. eve.,
j 10c: readings daily. 200 Turk et.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 335 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
i Meyer, sit. daily; convinc'g teats to-night 10c.
MME MAJORS, gifted •plrlTuai medium,
healer and card reader. 132 Sixth st., room 1. |
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, clairvoyant. Lest, busl-
n*fs medium, life reader: pittine? CL 1104 Mkt.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
.... ... . L . ,., . . :
MME. LAXGE, the great clairvoyant, tells past. !
! future; never falls; has the greatest Egyptian
tecret; shows picture future husband or wife;
I fee 2'c and up; satisfaction to everybody: open
I Sundays. 1167 Market St., bet. 7th and Sth. '
I MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant Oc card '
i reader, born with double i-rll & second sight, ,
' diagnoses disease with life reading; ladies 50c;
I gents $1; palm. & clalr. sit. $1 50. 126 Turk st.
ISMAR. the Egyptian gypsy clairvoyant .and
' ralmltt. permanently located 114S Market, opp.
I 6th; private readings dally 10 a. m. to 6 p. m.
I MME. BERNARD reads lire fluently; advice
i given. In all affairs In life; satisfaction guar-
' anteed; 2.*c ur. 17 Third st^. next Examiner.
¦ MMH. ZEREDA. the sypsy. Is the great palm-
; 1st and card reader; 2r.c. 7 Seventh; no sign.
: MRS. E. M. DL'VALL, clairvoyant and healer,
; diagnoses <!:.• as -s. 425 Golden Gate ave.
: MME. SCIIAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader:
; __slstings daily. 212H Blxth st.
! MME. HANSON, palmistry, card reader; past,
! present, future, 25c. 148 Sixth st. room 14. ,
! CLAIRVOYANT, trance, business medium; card ,
| readf-r. 25c up. S23 Mission at.. nr.4th; no slgr>.
I MME. RUTH, great prophetia card reader;
I COc. 70S Ellis St., near Larkin. ;
MRS. MELVILLE, well-known clairvoyant, wa-
ter reader, moved to 11 Sixth: German spoken.
I MME. VALEEN. clairvoyant, palmist; card read-
I er; real Egyptian charms. 215 Leavenworth.
! MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and ,
j _paImlFtry: truth or no pay; 25c. 1143 Mission. ;
i MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business '.
I advice; names given: 25c up. 5 Fourth at.
• CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
¦ WHEN you become dlscusted with poor work
tend to SPAULDIXG'S Pioneer Carpet-Beat-
! Ing Works. 3S3-357 Tehama Bt; tel. South 40.
! J. McQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co..
453 Stevenson Bt.; tel. South 228; lowest rates.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-Beating' and Reno-
I vatlng Co.. 240 Fourteenth st: tel. Mission 74.
I CITY Steam Carpet-Beating Works, o! hT
STEVENS, mgr.. 23-40 8th st.; tel. South 250.
CARPETS cleaned at Sc per yard, laid at 4c.
STRATTO.VS. 3 Eighth gt.; tel. Jessie »44.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st;
tel. Main S34. . GEO. WALCOM. proprietor.
CONKLIX'S Carpet-Beating Works. 333 Golden
Catw «v>. : telephone East 12S.
CHIItOPODISTS.
BUNIONS. Ingrown nails, corns, absolute cure.
palnlegy; consulfn free. Dr.Diinpan.415 Sutter.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency — No charge un-
Ie68 successful. Room 310. 927 Market gt.
I ¦
| COTTAGES TO LET.
$9 — 4 ROOMS; marine view and yard. 1019
Lombard Et., near Hyde.
} COTTAGE FOR SALE.
COTTAGE of four rooms and bath In Mission
I district; price $1650; no agents. Apply RAB-
¦ LIN. Fourth and Kentucky *ts.
DENTISTS.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. S0» Mar-
ket Bt, cor. 4th. rm. 7, Flood bldg.. you can
bav« your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
$3 60 up; plates, extractions free. $4 SO up; of-
fice hours. 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. ; Sundays, 9 to 2
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON. M. P.. Manager.
A— DIt V. CAVALSKY bail returned from
the Paris Exposition with some of the finest
patents for painless dentistry, plates, teeth
without a plate, crown and bridge work; all
work warranted; plates, full set. $5; fillings,
DOc; crown, $3 50. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 6th.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings; extractions or fillings by my won-
derful secret painless method: 20 years' ex-
perience; no students; advice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants.
' DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Fam-U st.
TEETH extracted free; plates. $5; crowns, $3 50:
bridge work. $5: all the latest methods for
painless dentistry; hours, 9 a. m. to 9 p. m.
Modern Dental Parlors. 1206 Market cor. G. O.
CROWN and bridge work experts; our work' Is
unexcelled, our prices are the lowest: call and
sep our camples and get our prices before go-
| inj; elsewhere: best of references: examination
: m-e. "Main office" New York Dental Parlors,
1013 Market Bt. bet. Cth and 7th; elevator.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
— Np charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $8 \>er set; extracting. 50c; gas given.
LO^?" E l ST ? rlces «n S. F.; painless extraction.
SOc New York Dentists. 9G9 Mission, cor. 6th.
PARIS Dental Parlor. 235 Kearny. cor. Bush—
Full set «f teeth, $4; crowns, $3; fillings. 25c.
DOG HOSPITALS.
Dn i5 UZARD>S HoepltaL Post. Flllmore—
Advice and medicine. 75c; city visits, $1 BO; all
animals treated; dogs boarded. TeL West C38.
DR. Creely's C. P. mange cure and worm pills
by druggists «r at hospital. 613 Ooldaa Gate ar.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
McDowell Dressmaking and Millinery School;
private class; patterns cut 1019 Market st.
B. F. Dressmaking, Ladles' Tailoring and Mil-
llnery School; French 6ystem. 411 Van Ness.
ACCORDION pleating factory: all kinds pleat-
lng. pinking. 121 Post, over O'Connor&Moffatt
EDUCATIONAL^
AYRES' Business College, 723 Market St.: day
and evening; Individual Instruction, $8 per
month; life scholarship. $50; bookkeeping,
shorthand, telegraphy, etc. ; Just added 25 new
typewriters; commercial department enlarged
and Is the best In S. F.; catalogue free.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post st. 8. F.—
Practical courses in bookkeeping, shorthand,
typing, languages, telegraphy. English
branches, civil, electrical and mining engi-
neering, etc.; new 80-page catalogue free.
GALLAGHER-MARSH College, Parrott Bldg.—
Shorthand, typing and bookkeeping; Robert F.
Gallagher, expert court reporter, teacher of
shorthand: reportorlal phrasing taught; prac-
tlcal bookkeeping: full course. $50; catalogue.
NIGHT School for Men at the Y. M. C. A.
building. Mason and Bills sts.; registration.
Sept. 10-24; studies elementary and advanced;
great opportunity for young men to gain a
practical business education.
A — THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
tchool for the university, law and medical
colleges: references. President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
SPANISH professors, recently arrived from
South America, give lessons and receive all
work concerning translation, correspondence,
etc., at moderate terms. 308 Minna Et.
CALIFORNIA Medical College— Regular term
opens Monday, Oct. 1. For information ad-
dr«»ss the dean. Dr. D. Maclean. Donohoe bdg.
MISS M. G. BARRETT. Shorthand Academy;
lesions by mail; acknowledged by official re-
porters best teacher, bc*t system. 302 Montgy.
ALL students but two taking full course this
year got positions. SAN FRANCISCO BUSI-
NESS COLLEGE. 1236 Market ft.
EOOKKEEP1NG. free trial: private lessons: 8
mos. In college not equal to S wks. with me;
$25. TARR. expert accnt.. 423 Parrott bldg.
ENGINEERING, civil, elec. mining, mech. sur-
vey, apsay. cyanide, arch.; a\y, eve.; est. 1864.
VAN DER NAILLEN SCHOOL. 933 Market.
AYRES' Business Ci.** Be night school opens
October 1. 723 Market st.
CALIFORNIA Business College is agatn en-
larging quarters. Come eee us, 305 Larkin st
1IUXSON School Shorthand. Typing. Bookkeep-
ing, Spanish. 137 Mont'y. E. M. Carpenter, pr.
PIANO and German; pupil of Conservatory la
Lelpslc ; lessons 75c. 320 Golden Gate ave.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping. Rrnmmar, writing,
etc.. day or eve. ; $5 mo. 10C4 Mission, nr. 6th.
LE JEUNE Art and Craft School; modeling.
deElcnlng, carving, all branches. 424 Pine st.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1,
postnge raid. ?
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
A — JAPANESE and Chinese employment con-
tractor; estab. over 10 years; all kinds help.
421 Post st, near Powell; telephone Bush 135.
JAPANESE Housecleaning Co.— Walters, cooks,
dishwashers. Est. 1S90. 1026 Oak: teL Page 547.
UNION Japanese-Chinese emp. office — Best help
furn.; domestic serv. 417 Powell; tel. Bush 376.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese. Chl-
n»»e help. 426 Powell. nr.Sutter; tel.Black 5072.
| JAPANESE and Chlne?e Employment Office;
best hplp furn.; tel. John 2121. 8064 Stockton.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office-
Best help. 411V. O'Farroll st. : tel. Ea«"t 42«.
EM PLO YMENT WANTED — FEMALE.
ELDERLY Eastorn woman, neat and reliable,
desires position; Is good, economical house-
keeper, kind to children; has good references;
wages $10 to $12 month. Box 441S, Call office.
YOUNG woman, good cook, in private family;
wages $25. Apply Park House. Twenty-fourth
and MisEion Bts.
THOROUGHLY competent woman wishes a po-
sition as housekeeper or companion to .invalid,
lady. Address Portland House, room Bl.
WANTED— By competent woman, work by the
day; good laundress; $1 10 a day. Address
box 4432. Call office.
WANTED— A thoroughly competent and re-
spectable young woman wants a position as
housekeeper. Box 2028, Call office. Oakland.
j DANISH girl: good cook and housework; no
I postals answered. 514 Second v st.
| SEAMSTRESS would like to sew In a private
¦ family; a good dressmaker. 821 Turk st
' COMPETENT woman wishes a situation at
housework In a small family; with references;
no postals. 767 Harrison st
COLORED girl wishes position nurse for one
child. 107 Bernard st., off Pacific, between
j Leaver.worth and Jones.
i WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket; 2w rooms; 25c to $1 50 night, $1 50 to $6
week; convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
| CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
I received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lenria st.
i EMPLOYMENT WASTED MALE.
WANTED— Situation by a middle-aged mar-
ried man of small family, steady and strictly
sober, to work for some firm In wholesale or
wagoning, and make himself generally use-
ful: or position of trust; will put up secu-
rlty. Box 4433. Call office.
I WILL jrlve $3 to party securing me a posi-
tion at some kind of night work, not over 8
hours, that will bring board and room and
' $25 per month; night clerk preferred; first-
class references. Address box 4428, Call.
j ELDERLY man wants situation; first-class
gnrdener,, coachman, • milker, etc.; moderate
waccs; first-class references. Address Gard-
ener, box 375S. Call office.
BARTENDER; a young man of neat appear-
ance and much experience; references, most
any llauor firm In the city. Address D. E.
B.. 136 Tenth st.
YOUNG man wants position with some firm;
not afraid of work: refs.; salary $25 and
board. Address R. W. BRISTOL, 1809 Jones.
A YOUNG man want^ work; will do anything;
mechanical or electrical work preferred. Box
4434, Call.
BARTENDER wants steady position; city or
country. Address B. B-. box 4431, Call office.
JAPANESE, honest boy, wants position as
schoolboy. GEORGE. 807 Polk st
A HIGHLY educated young man desires a po-
sition as teacher In a private family; capable
of teaching both English and German and is
willing to make himself otherwise useful. Ad-
dress C. P., care Hlnrichsen & Franzen. 201
Montgomery ave.
STEADY man; 15 years' experience In orchard
and vineyard wk. ; understands handling green
and dried fruit, budding, grafting, pruning,
etc.: used to handling men: would like man-
agement of large ranch; ref. Box 4952. Call.
MAN and wife want places; man good cook
and baker; wife as helper, waitress or cham-
bermaid; hotel, boarding-house or institution;
j city or country. Ad. A. R.. 63S Jessie, oft 7th.
A YOUNG man 21 years of age, speaking Ger-
man and English, willing to do anything,
would like a position. Address BARNETT
KLASS, 1619 Mission st.
GARDENER, single, wishes position on gentle-
man's place; understands all branches; also
landscaping; best reference. NIELS P. NIEL-
SEN, Brooklyn Hotel, 203 Bush st
FIRST-CLASS blacksmith desires situation,
city or country. Address box 4496. Call office.
RELIABLE and competent young man desires
position of any kind: is a good penman and
accountant Box 444L Call. •
BARBERS— Young man, good barber, desires
easy position: no rush work; low wages. Ad-
dress A. JAMES. 1823 Stevenson St.
JAPANESE wants position In saloon as porter;
know how to mix and cook. Address 923
Sacramento st. : phone Davis 198.
JAPANESE wants situation In restaurant or
hotel as a cook. Address 923 Sacramento st;
telephone Davis 19S.
THE employment department of the Y. M. C.
A. furnishes only reliable young men. Corner
Mason and Ellis sts.; phono Bush 17.
A YOUNG Frenchman desires situation In
American family where he would have an
opportunity tft learn the language; wages no
object M. LEGER & CO.. 539V4 California st.
SITUATION wanted by young colored man as
a porter In store or saloon: will call to see
party. Address box 4413, 'Call.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
FUbscrlptlons has been established at 1096
Valencia st
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address in , the
Unltt»d States or Canada one year for $1.
EXPERT OPTICIANS. •
EYES examined ' free ; spectacles properly- ad-
Justed. N. Manasse. oculist optician. 910 aikt.
FINANCIAL.
IF yon have stocks or bonds of any kind for
"A'e. caflor address PACIFIC COAST UN-
DERWRITING. CO., 604 Parrott building;
FLATS TO LET. .';.•;-,.
BRAND new sunny flats of 4 and S rooms and
paths, rent reasonable, on Minnesota it, bet
21st and 22d. OWNER. 917 Minnesota.
FINE eunny flat, 8 rooms; rent cheap. 11C4
Harrison st. • . , -> • : •
FLAT of 4 rooms, bay-window and bath, 112.
716 Natoma St.. bet. Eighth and Ninth.
IF you want to move get printed list flats to let
from BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Montgomery.
PLEASANT sunny flat. 6 large rooms'; 133 Lily
ave.. near Octavla st
SUNNY flats; 4 and. 5 rooms, bath; off Howard
st.. bet 12th and 13th, Key at 1626 Howard.
-SUNNY 8-room flat. 29 Rlngold St.. bet Eighth
and Ninth, Folsom and Harrison.
$27 50— ELEGANT flat. 7 rooms and bath; gar-
den. 1S09 Devisadero St., near Bush.
wnxrvvuia for sale.,
BRASS bedstead, sideboard and bureau, all
first-class. Call at 109 Cherry St., between
Jackson and Washington. San Francisco.
FOR sale at 33 l-3a on the dollar, carpet and
matting for 5 rooms. Box 4495. Call office.
4 ROOMS furnished in oak for $43 50, with No. 7
range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
FURNITUUE WANTED.
CHAS. LEVY buys your furniture, carpets,*
pianos, etc. 1135 Market St.; tel. Jessie 761.
ALWAYS 'phone John 1041 before selling your
furniture. Btandard Furn. Co., 743 Mission.
Auctioneer— L. Vincent, 1305 Larkln; tel.Polk 694;
furniture & furn'd houses bought; spot cash.
ALFRED WOLLPERT, 773 Mission St., pays
highest price for your second-hand furniture.
W, B. CODY (late with J. T. Terry & Co.), buys
furniture, carpets. 7S7 Mission; tel. Red 8353.
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
•vSTrT HANSElT&" CO. '. ... . - Phone^ GranTlSS"
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
2 waitresses. Pacific Grove, $20, free fare,
steady work; 2 waitresses, north, fare here;
4 waitresses, city, $20; 2 restaurant wait-
resses, J6 to $3; lunch waitress, $3 50; 2 cham-
bermaids, to wait, $20; 2 chambermaids, $17 60;
woman cook, $35, good place; woman cook,
city, $20, and many others; extra waitress,
country, $1 day and expenses.
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
A choice place (2 In family) for house girl, to
go north, $30, see party here, fare paid; 2
places for house girls to go south, families
near together, $25 and $30; Frenoh waitress
and second girl, $25; cook, $30, and second
girl, 120, and young girl to assist, $12. same
family, Menlo Park; Invalid's nurse, $20;
children's nurse. $20; IS house girls and sec-
ond girls. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary.
A STRICTLY first-class cook for small private
family, $35; also French second girls, $25;
same house. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104
Geary st. .
WANTED — English or German nursery gov-
erness, $25; seamstress and lady's maid, $25;
2 laundresses, $23, $30, country; Scandinavian
laundress, .$30; German nurse, $25; Infant
nurse, $25; nurse for 3 children, $30, nice |
place; 4 parlor maids and waitresses, $25;
French nurse, |25; hotel cook, short distance, '
-$33. Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO., 316
Sutter st. __^___
IRONERS for muslin underwear; experience
not necessary. BAUER BROS. & CO., 21 San-
some &t.
GERMAN girl, 14 years old, wishes to assist
in light housework and car? of children. Ad-
dress box 4430, Call office.
TOL'N'G rlrl of about 16 years to assist with
light housework; German preferred. 1212
Masonic ave., near Halcht.
WIDOW lady wishes young girl to assist In
housework; German or Irish preferred. 3021
Clement St.. Richmond District..
MIDDLE-AGED woman or girl to assist with
housework: wages $10 to $12 mo. 22 Elliott
Park, off Steiner, bet. O'Farrell and Geary.
VEST hands who also know how to make but-
ton-holes; $8 to $12. 641 Stevenson st.
GIRLS wanted to wrap chewing gum. Apply
American Chicle Co., 27 Main st.
3 LUNCH waitresses; also 1 steady waitress;
no BunCay work. Restaurant, 2S -First et.
NEAT girl to watt at tabla in small restaurant
at lunch time. 340 Sutter et
TAILORESS, flno pants finisher, at 6^4 Keaxny
St., room IS.
WANTED— Elderly lady, light housework;
small wages. S40 Howard st
WANTED — Good restaurant waitress, $7 week.
7 Tavlor.st.
GIRL to do chamberwork and assist with cook-
Ing for two. 62 Ellis st
GIRL to assist In light housework; sleep home.
704 Buchanan at.
GIRL for general housework. 844 Sixth st..
Model Bakery.
MIDDLE-AGED woman for housekeeping and
plain cooking. 140SVi Devisadero St.
WANTED— Women and girls to work on toma-
toes, canning and preparing: highest wages
paid; steady work; prizes for quick work.
Apply Immediately to U. S. FRUIT PACK-
ING CO., Harrison ave., between Seventh and
; Eighth sts., off Folsom.
APPRENTICES on overalls. STANDARD
SHIRT FACTORY, cor. Gough and Grove sts.
GIRLS to rivet overalls, also sewing 'machine
operators, at Levi Strauss & Co.'s factory,
S2<4 Fremont st. ; no experience necessary;
good wages. Apply to MR. DAVIS.
WANTED— A flrst-clas>s cook with city refer-
ences, who understands ( German cooking;
good wages. Call Thursday and Friday morn*
lncs at 212A Jackson st.
WANTED— A bright, self-reliant woman with
fair education; this position Is to travel. Box
4442, Call.
GIRLS wanted at United States Laundry, Six-
teenth st, near Valencia.
IRONERS wanted at United States Laundry.
Sixteenth St., near Valencia.
WANTED— Young girl for general housework.
1313 Broadway.
GIRL not over 25; light work; country girl pre-
ferred. 203 Post st., room 20.
GIRL, German preferred, for light housework.
10D3 Market st.. upstairs.
EXPERIENCED women to operate body lroner.
251 Jessio et.. near Fourth.
EXPERIENCED operators on silk waists. $10
week. LIVINGSTON MFG. CO., 226 Bush st.
GIRL for housework; small family. 1011 Capp
street.
WANTED— Girls to work In French laundry.
1350 Pacific st, near Hyde.
GIRL or woman for general housework; good
waees. 40* Eleventh St.
WANTED— Young girl to assist In light house-
work; Bleep home; wages $S. 205 Turk st.
FIRST-CLASS skirt makers and apprentices
wanted. BOWHAY. 818 8utter St.
WANTED— Experienced millinery saleslady.
1323 Stockton st.
GIRL wanted to do general housework for small
family. 2379 Sutter st.
FIRST-CLASS all-around talloress. Apply 27
Geary st.
GIRL or woman for light housework, $15. 2427
Sutter st.. near Broderlck.
EXPERIENCED operators on electric power
sewing machines on shirts at GREENE-
BAUM. WEIL & MICHELS. 531 Mission st
GIRLS with experience. Book bindery, 636
Clay st.
WANTED— Women and girls to work on fruit.
1781 Folsom St.. between 13th and 14th.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1036 Va-
lencia st. /
HELP WANTED— FEMALE. ~
WANTED— Recruits for the United States Ma-
rine Corps, U. S. Navy; able-bodied, unmar-
ried men of good character, between the ages
of 21 and 35 years; not less than 5 feet 4
Inches and not over 6 feet 1 inch In height;
must be citizens of the United States or per-
sons who have legally declared their Inten-
tions to become citizens; able to read, write
and speak English properly. For further In-
formation apply at the Marino Recruiting Of-
fice, 40 Ellls-st, San Frandsoo, Cal., 530 K St.,
Sacramento, Cal.. or 1058 J St., Fresno, Cal.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third st. ; 150 large
roonm: 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week. ..
NEW good's: quick sales; salary or commls-i
elon; city or country. THE J. DEWING CO.,
. Flood building.
WANTED— 100 men to take rooms. 10c. 16c and
. 20c. Boston House, 930 Howard st
BOYS wanted. SAN FRANCISCO AND PA-
CIFIC GLASS WORKS. 7th and Townsend.
SAILORS, ordinary seamen and green hands;
all parts of world. HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart
LABORERS and drlllars wanted at B27 Four-
teenth st. near Guerrero. ¦ •
MEN and women to learn barber trade. 8." F,
BARBER. COLiLEGB, T41A" Howard •W;. ' i
|j HELP WANTED MALE].
A— MURRAY & READY.... PHONE MAIN 8S4S
Leading Employment and Labor Agents,
WANT 7 A. M. TO-DAY
FREE. ..WE... SHIP .. EVERYBODY.. FREE
To All Parts of California. Utah, Nevada,
NUMBER. WANTED AT WAGES.
154— Nevada, Truckee, Lake View.. $41 and fd
16— Los Angeles, Santa Barbara $2 day
24— Redding. Shasta, Fresno $1 SO day
U8— Surf. Soda Springs. Salt Lake $2 day
64— Dlxon. Elmira and Bakersfleld.. $1 70 day
163— For nineteen different divisions $2 day
FREE FARE.... OFFICE FEE ONLY fl.
MURRAY & READY,
634-636 Clay at.
A-MECHANICAL HELP
23 carpenters, house building, ranches, vine-
•yards, etc $3 60 day, $40 and found
6 carpenters, railroad work, free fare
Bteel bridge men $3 BO day, free fare
Camp blacksmiths, also helpers. ...$65 and $32
Painters Iron molders
SAWMILLS AND WOODS HELP
125 laborers and other classes of help, $30 to
$40 and. found ; Fare paid
FRUIT AND GRAPE PICKERS
150 men or boys to pick fruit, work In pack-
ing-houses, etc.. anybody will suit.. $30 and fd
18 laborers to work at mines $42 and fd
12 miners, single-hand work $60
82 farm, orchard, vineyard hands.. $26 and fd
18 milkers, butter-makers $30 and fd
12 teamsters, road work...-. .$33 and fd
19 stablemen, city and country $33 and fd
18 choremen and boys, come see $25 and fd
129 scraper teamsters, all parts $35 and fd
19 drillers, brick setters, etc $2 CO a day
1S3 laborers and teamsters for all parts of
California, some in city $1 75 to $2 50 day
4 boatmen, beef lugger
Milk and bakery wagon drivers
$25 and $20 and found
Hundreds of jobs not advertised; come see.
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay it
A— SECOND cook. mine.. .$40 and fd. fare paid
Storekeeper, $3 week and board
10 butchers for institutions, shops, slaughter-
houses and ranches.... $20 and $33 and fd, $33
18 cooks, city- and country.. $30 to $50 and fd
Walters, city and country.. $25 to $33 and fd
Washers, ironers and starchers
Porters, help for Institutions: second bakers,
etc.; dishwashers, ranch cooks
MUHRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
A — STENOGRAPHER and typewriter for
ranch, $30 and found
Bookkeeper, vineyard company
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st
A-SPECIAL •
10 laborers for warehouse. $3 50 day; no ex-
perience required. MURRAY &' READY. 634-
636 Clav st
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S 104 Geary st.
Wanted for railroad work Free fare
100 laborers for S. P. Co., different divisions.
SO laborers for ballasting trans and rock
crusher for S. P. Co. at Truckee.
20 tunnelmen, big tunnel, Chatsworth Park,
$2 to $2 50 a day.
Fee $1 Ship dally Free fare
100 teamsters and laborers for railroad work.
State of Nevada J2 a day. free fare
10 laborers for concrete work on coast road.
In Santa Barbara County
$2 25 a day and up, free fare
8 oarpenters to build flume. $3 a day and
fare t*nh ways; 2 bridge carpenters, free fare;
3 steel bridge men, railroad work, $3 SO a day,
free fare; 6 bridge riveters, railroad work,
free fare; 6 sawmill laborers; 6 men to handle
grain, 25o an hour; farmer and wife, $33;
man and wife for quarry, wife to cook for
men; driver for milk wagon, $30.
Experienced, man to bottle mineral water at
springs, $40 and found, see party here.
HOTEL. DEPARTMENT
Second cook. J75; night cook. $65. first-class
restaurant, north; 3 second and third hands,
bakery shops, $35 and $40; butcher, country
shop, $40; colored head waiter, $50; colored
waiter, country club, $33: dishwasher, kitchen
hands and others. C. R. HANSEN & CO.,
104 Geary St.
A— 2 NURSES for an institution, country, $30
and. found, see party here. C R. HAXSEN
&. CO., 104 Geary st.
A— 2 JAPANESE cooks, private families. $30 and
$35; Japanese cook, country hoteL $35. C. R.
HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary at.
A— FRANK WILLOWS, the tunnel foreman,
please communicate with C. R v HANSEN &
CO., 104 Geary at.
A— YOUNG man about 19 years, who writes a
good hand for business house, $23. C. R,
HANBEN & CO.,,104 Geary st.
A— FIRST-CLASS head waiter, hotel, south
S7S. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary St.
CARPENTER, $3 E0 day; machine man and
bench hand for country mill, going wages; 3
fanners and wives, $40 and J50; 2 men and
wives, private families. $23 and $20; poultry
farmer and wife. 115 to $50; 25 fruit pickers.
$1 and board; S teamsters. $1 £0 day and
board; laborers and woodsmen, $26. $2S and
$30: stablemen and many others. J. F. CROS-
ETT & CO., C28 Sacramento st.
COOK, country hotel, $63; boarding-house cook
J40, and fry cook, $50; oysterman. $10 week-
Walters, $25 and $30; storekeeper for restau-
rant, IS week; and others. J. B\ CROSETT
& CO., 628 Sacramento st.
A— WANTED
4 single-hand miners, $47 60 and' "boar i*-" 3
house carpenters, finishing, $3 50 a day; 10
railroad laborers for the woods. $30 and fare
paid; 10 laborers around sawmill. $20 and fare
paid; milker for Oakland, $30: vegetable gar-
dener. $35 and found: lunch house cook $12
a week; gardener, private place. $25; wa'lter,
$3j and room; warehouse men, $2 60 day and
free fare; 20 woodchoppers, good wages and
everything furnished.
W. r>. EWER & CO., 610 Clay st.
BARBERS' Progressive Union — FVee employ-
ment. H. Bernard. Sec, 104 7th; til. Jessie 131
WANTED— A tailor to make small Jobs and
do bushellnc; steady Job; $3 per day. Write
or telegraph W. H. WALKER, Bakersfleld
Cal.
WANTED— A good, strong, willing boy to drive
waeon. Apply 603 Market St., 8 o'clock thU
(Friday) morning.
PANTSMAKER and ooatmaker for country.
REISS BROS.'& CO.. 24 Sutter st.
AN all round architectural draughtsman for
Sacramento. Apply room 53. 330 Pine st.
TWO lunch waiters; restaurant 28 First st
WANTED— A parcel boy. EAGLESON & CO..
743 Market st.
YOUNG man wanted with experience for ba-
kery. Call 108 Ninth st.
GT. pastel portrait painter from Europe wants
salesman; salary $100 mo. Box 4487. Call.
WANTED— A good cook. £06 Howard st
1 WAITSR at 567 Blxth st. Call early. .
WANTED — A boy to carry a downtown 'route.
Box 4433, Call.
BOY wanted In promblng shop. 630 Post st
BOOTBLACK wanted: barber shop. 1427 Oc-
tavla St., corner Post.
BARBER for Saturday; wages $8. W Third st
10 FIRBT-CLASS house painters. 113 McAllis-
ter st.
GOOD lunch waiter wanted at 434 Fifth st.
WANTED— First-class barber for Saturday and
Sunday. Call at 11 Howard st.
GOOD night cook; must be: wages $30 per
month. BREUSS* Cafe. 70 Third st
WANTED — Good barber Saturday and Sunday-
wages. 514H Third st.
WANTED— Good gardener, single man, to work
In nursery. Inquire at 215 Hayes st
TVANTED-Mtn handy In kitchen. 613 Clay st
MAN to clean up and open oysters. 390 Fourth
street.
BARBER shop: 8 chairs; centrally located.
Apply STOLTZ. 630 Market st.
WANTED— Active young man for short order
cooking on steamer; must be sober and re-
liable; references required; steady place for
right- man. Box 4416. Call office.
MEN wanted to learn barber trade; only eight
weeks required; positions guaranteed; special
Inducements; catalogue and- map of city free.
MOLER'B BARBER COLLEGE. 635 Clay stT
MECHANICS — Keep away'from San Francisco!
MUlmen's lockout still on. Building Trades
Council of San Francisco.
BOY to take care of horses and work In gro-
cery store. Apply NW. cor. Greenwich and
Pierce sts.
WANTED— A young man with a little experi-
ence In horseshoeing. 1971 Market st, near
Halght. ' ¦
LINDELL House, corner Sixth and Howard-
Rooms, 15o to 25c night; 75o to $3 per week.
ERRAND boy wanted. 766 Geary st -
CARPENTERS wanted for Florlston, Cal. Ap-
ply Floristpn Pulp and Paper Co., 707 Front.
BARBER nhOD for sale In mining town: good
barzain. DECICELMAN BROS.. 106 Ellis st
BARBERS— 2-chalr shop for sale cheap: owner
has other business. 3142 Twenty-fourth st
FOR SALE— Cheap, a barber shop. 36 Market
st.; can be used for other purposes.
GET your shoes half soled while waiting; 25o
to SOc. 662 Mission. st. bet 1st and 2d sts.
WANTED — Chef cook; no Sunday work. Res-
taurant, 28 First st.
GT. pastel portrait painter from Europe wants
t competent salesman; $100 mo. Box 4487. Call.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. S63 Mission St., bet. 1st and 3d sts.
WANTED— A man that understands florist and
nursery business.- 500 Halght st - »
PENSIONS— GEO. : D., CAMPBELL, lawyer. IS
. ....... ....fears' practice; j Examiner building.
HELP WANTED MALE.
MEN wanted for the United States Navy-
Machinists, flrst class, age a to 85. pay per
month $55; machinists, second class, age -1
to S3. pay p«r month $40; electricians, third
class, age a to 25, pay per month $30; ship-
wrights (carpenters), age 21 to 35, pay P« r
month. J23; seamen, age 21 to 33. pay per
month. $24; ordinary seamen, age 18 to 50,
pay ver month $19; landsmen, age IS to 23.
pay per month $16; apprentices, third class,
age 15 to 17, pay per month $9. All candi-
dates for enlistment must pass a physical ex-
amination showing them to be free from dis-
qualifying ailments. Machinists must pass
an examination showing them to be ma-
chinists by trade. Electricians must pass a
practical examination in electricity, espec-
ially on the handling of electrical machines.
Shipwrights must be carpenters by trade.
Seamen and ordinary seamen must pass an
examination In seamanship. Landsmen and
apprentices will be required to pass the
physical examination only. The term of en-
listment Is for four years. Should a man
r«-endlst within a period of four months from
the date of honorable discharge he will re-
ceive a bonus of four months' pay and an
addition to his monthly pay of $1 2* for each
re-enllstment. Rations, medicines and medical
attendance are furnished gratis i n addition to
t>ay. Privilege of retirement . after thirty
years' service on three-quarters of the pay
received at date of retirement It Is th« de-
sire of the Navy Department to obtain a
laree number of able-bodied Americans, for
the navy, who will be given every oppor-
tunity for advancement as soon as they aro
qualified for tha higher ratings. The early
completion of a number of fine ships for the
navy will make a large Increase In the en-
listed force necessary, and this will catye a
corresponding laue Increase In the number
of petty officers, *who will be advanced from
the lower ratings. Recruits who may ba ao-
cented will be assigned to a U. S. war ves-
sel; apprentices to the naval training sta-
tion, San Francisco, Cal. Applications should
be made at the TJ. S. Naval Recruiting Ren-
dezvous, corner of Market and East streets,
San Francisco, Cal.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third st. near Mar-
ket: 700 rooms. 25o nlg-ht; reading-room; free;
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1093
Valencia st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
HORSES. LIVC STUCK. Etc — For Sale
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, bungles,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market
827 Sixth st ; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLB, Auctioneers.
10 HEAD of driving and working 1 horses at
TOMKINSON'S stables, 67 Minna St., be-
tween First and Second.
HOUSES TO LET.
A — PRINTED LIST Houses to Let: send for clr-
cular. G. H. UMBSSN & CO., 14 Montgomery.
FOR RENT— In Belmont; modern house. )
rooms, furnished: rent reasonable.' Call or
address MRS. OTTO. 299 Hyde st
HOUSES WANTED.
MODERN house or cottage, 7 or S rooms, bath;
stable; good, steady tenant. 131 1 Folsom. «t.
LOST AND FOUND.
LOST— September 27, In going from Montgom-
ery and California to Poet and Powell, or on
Post-st. car. a wallet containing papers valu-
able to owner only. Return to 313 Call build-
ing; reward.
LOST— From 902 California it, corner of Pow-
ell. September 26. male collie puppy; yellow,
with white stripe In face. Return to above
address and receive reward.
LOST— A black cocker spaniel pup on Jackson
st.. near Broderlck. Return to 2S37 Jackson
st. and receive reward.
LOST — 'White fawn greyhound dog; markings
on ears; reward. 1403 Post st.
LOST— Near Ingleside House, on Sunday, a fur
boa. Finder plea«e return to 63S Sacramento
st. and receive reward.
LOST — 2 bulldog pups; female white, male black
spot on tall; reward. 810 Howard st
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. IS paces, sent to any address In tha
T7n1t#*f? State;* or Canada on© y.(ir for St.
EMILY SEGSWORTH, assistant to Dr. A. B.
¦\Vlllcox. scientific masseuse, room 40, St.
Ann's bulldtrg: hours. 9 a, m. to i;:30.
MEDICAL.
DR. and MRS. DA VIES. 1223 Market— Ladles'
specialists; S2 years' practice: have treated
thousands of cases successfully; positive cure
guaranteed at office; ladles treated can return
home same day; HINDO HERB home cure;
any one can use It: perfectly harmless: home
for confinement. Send stamps for circular.
MRS. DR. KOHL. 997 Market St.. cor. Sixth;
reliable ladles' specialist: home treatment, $5,
safe and sure cure guaranteed; ladles treated
at office can return home the same. day; pri-
vate home before and during confinement;
best medical care; hours, 9 a. m. to 3 p. m.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELU tjie world-renowned
ladlps' specialist; safe and reliable; has prac-
ticed in San Francisco for years; treated thou-
sands of cases successfully: treatment can b»»
used at Jiome; consultation free. After all
others fail call on him. 1023H Market st.
DRS. GOODWIN, well-known ladles' specialists,
have returned from Europe; safe and reliable;
cure $5: have treated thousands of cases with
success: 13 years' practice in S. F.; maternity
home; low fees. lOOT^j Market St.. near Sixth.
MRS. DR. WYETH, reliable specialist; 25 yrs.'
practice: home In confinement; treatment at
office. $5; any ailment; consultation free; con-
fldential. 942 Post St.. bet. Hyde and Larkln.
NG TOY KETK, Chinese doctor; cures consump-
tion, cancer, catarrh, etc. ; all dtseasas treat-
ed: send for testimonials; advice fre«. Sani-
tarium, 704 Sacramento st., corner Kearny.
MRS. M. ALLEN. 10S5 Markets-Ladles' special-
lst; home in confinement; safe and reliable;
consultation free; hours 10 to 8.
THB well-known DR. POPPER, celebrated fe-
male specialist: practical physician for XT
years; always successful. S13 Kearny s:.
DR.* WONG HIM, herb doctor, treats all dls-
eases of the human body. 115 Mason st
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address in tha
United States or Canada one year for $1.
postage paid.
MISCELLANEOUS— FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTO3H & WOLPMAX. 135-197 Fremont st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters,
linoleum, new and second band; we always
have a large stook of saloon outfits on hand;
32 complete outfits on our floor, ready made;
we can ship everything In 24 hours. J.
NOONAN, 1017, 1019. 1021. 1023 Mission «t,
above Sixth; write for catalogue.
A— $3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats, $1 73. Pop-
ular Price Hatters. 830 Kearny st, near Pine.
FINE suit. $1&: dress pants. *3 73. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st
FOR eale — Property of the Live Oak Consoli-
dated Gold Mining Co.. situated In Nevada
County, 15 miles "north of Auburn; 2 patented
claims; 8-stamp quartz mill; ditch and hoist-
ing works complete. For further particulars
Inquire of A. MEISTER. 914 Ninth St.. Bacra-
mento, Cal.
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery en-
gines, boilers water pipe, shafting, pulleys,
etc WHITELAW. 118 Spear at.
PERFECTLY new latest style sealskin Jackst
cost $210, for $115, at UNCLE HARRIS', 13
Grant ave.
SORREL mare, gentle, good traveler; also sln-
glo express wagon; cheap. Apply 1118 How-
ard st.
ETEEL TANKS, all sizes; suitable for water or
oil: cheap; all shapes: second hand. H S.
WHITE. 516 Mission St.
A— 100 HORSEPOWER engine, boiler, 2-drlll
air compressor. JARDINES, 220 Fremont st
SPLENDID 10x15 press and a 2S-lnch paper-
cutter. Address box S767, Call office.
A NO. 1 young Durham cow; calf 3 days old;
easy to milk; gentle. 1312 Folsom st.
SAFES— New and second hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
PORTABLE engines, boilers; Iron and wood
planers, lathes; 2d hand. J. Burke, 133 Beale.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d hand; moving
pictures. BULLARD fc BRECK. 131 Post St.
FULL line cameras end photo supplies: selling
cheap. W. A, HARTTER, 513 Examiner bldg.
WILL rent full dress Tuxedo or Prince Albert
suits for $2 50. Portland Loan Office. 23 Stktn.
10- TON Fairbanks scale and fire and burglar
proof safe. 216 California st.
2D-HAND photographic and magic lantern out-
fits bought, sold, exchanged. 109 Montgomery.
FIRST-CLASS second-hand modem engines and
boilers bougHt and sold. KROGH Mfg. Co.
SAFES — New and second hand; all sizes. THB
. WALTZ SAFE. 109-111 Market st., San Fran.
CHEAPF.ST and best In America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1,
postage paid.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
LADIES' and gents* cast-off clothing bought &
sold. Slrv-erman. 984 Folsom; teL Folsom 1191.
KLEIN still pays best price for clothing, brlo-
a-brao and books. 109 Blxth st ; teL Jessie 141.
IF you wish full value for your cast-off clothing
call on * «^« : ™. Jfoffijiyui.
MOSEY TO LOA.\.
AA— BEST rates and easiest terms.
Second Mortgages
Interests In Estates
Undivided Interests in Real Estate
Financial problems of all sorts and size*
solved by HERMAN MURPHY. 630 Market.
ANY amount at 8 per cent; 1st -d and 3d mort-
gages, undivided Interest, real estate In pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
lay; get my terms before dotniy business else-
where. R. McCOLGAN, 21 Montgomery, r. 3.
ANT proposition, any amount; 6 per cent; flrs^
second mortgages, estates in probate, Intere?*
In estates, legacies, corporation loana. chattel
mortgages, life Insurance. Room 16. flrst floor.
Chronicle building. 1IALLORAN & OLSEN.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin J-wp'.ry Store 816 Market
St.; tel. Main 1544. Branch 13 Third st.
A— J30O.0CO ON city and country real estate and
estates; chattel mortgages: not^s and eoW
lateralg. J. BROWNSTONE. 11 Montgomery.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds,
watches, Jewelry. TV. J. HErfTHAL, 13 Sixth;
highest price for old gold, silver. Uiamomls.
ON furplture and p!anoa without removal quick
service; money direct: lowest Interest. Rooms
6S and €5, Donohoe building, lira Market si.
AT 128 Kearny st. rocm 9. respectable, privats
place to borrow on watches. diamr.n<U; lowest
rates: take elevator. Telephone Davta 3J5.
JjOO.CCO AT 6 per cert tn sums to suit in c'.ty:
also $150. 000 on largo ranches: alsr> on stcond
mortgages. R. J. MERCER Sc SON. 112 Pine.
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
pianos: no removal; low ratas; conSiier.tlal.
BONELU. S01 Jones st, corner Eddy.
V7HY pay rent? We loan money to build with;
email monthly payments. HOME nUlLBlNG
COMPANY. 222 Sansome St.. room 2.
MONET to loan on furniture by private party;
low rate. 917 Market st, rocm 1.
MONET loaned salaried people without security.
HILL, rm. 44. Merchants' Ex.. 431 California.
ON furniture and pianos; no removal; confi-
dential; en diamonds, etc. S3 Taylor st.
TO salaried people without security: all busi-
ness confidential. Tousley Co.. J21 Parrott big.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
Indorser. MORHELL, 6» Examiner building.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal: no com-
mission: private. LICK. 118 McAllister st.
TO salaried people without collateral or in-
dorser. S. F. Discount Agency. 143 Phelan big.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
A HALLETT * DAVIS, rosewood case....$S0 0Q
Edwards & Son, rosewood caso 7a ')
Arton. rosewood case 93 »
Hallet it Davis A 135 »
Weber, finest condition ....................175 .»
Manner & Sons .........175 00
Klngsbury, oak VO M
Btandard, used a f»w months 233 W
Easy payments, sheet rauslo and everything
In the music line. Chickertng. Vose. Sterling
agency. BEXJ. CURTAZ & SON. 18-l*-i*)
CrFarrell st.
ALL purchasers of pianos at SHERMAN
CLAY it CO.'S have the privilege of ex-
changing for a STEINWAY any time within,
three years and full purchase price allowed:
the best makers of every grad* to select from;
beautiful new uprights f6 cash. $3 per month;
some good pianos for $3. U and $5 p»r month.
SHERMAN. CLAY & CO.. STEINWAY
DEALERS, corner Kearny and Sutter sts..
San Francisco; corner Broadway and Thir-
teenth sts.. Oakland.
DON'T fail to see the beautiful Decker A Son
baby grands Just received at MAUVAJS'. 753
Market st They ara the best aver shown In
the city.
A RELIABLE piano can bo bought only from
a reliable house. The ZENO MAUVAI3 MU-
BIC CO. Is such a house. Their address is
769 Market et. ¦¦
NO matter what you "want In the line of mu-^
eical goods, you can always do beat at 1UU-
VAIS'. 763 Market st.
AT a discount, to establish our new location.
we will give 10 per cent off on pianos; some
second-hand bargains: S Heir.e uprights. J327;
2 Stelnways, J103; 1 Chlcfcerlnsc Jl«5: 1 Mason
& Hamlln, S330. and :o other bargains; agents
for Hallett & Davis and o other makes; larg-
est exclusive wholesale and retail piano
house west of Chicago. ITEI>JE PIANO CO .
217 Geary «t.. near City of Paris.
ABSOLUTELY the olJest and largest housa
west of Chicago is KOHLER & CHASE'S, 2«.
IS and 30 O'Farrell st. : pianos, organs and
all other musical Instruments of all grade-*
and prices; terms ea*y; prices lowest: every-
thing possible clone to please and satisfy th«
customer.
NICE gquar»a from 130 to HCO.
Nice uprlshts. slightly used, from J60 to tZVt.
Pull amount paid allowed on new Chirlcertni?
or Vos» In two years. BEXJ. CURTAZ Jb
SON. IS OTarrell st. »
A MACJNIFICENT new upright pl»no, »i^>.
special this week: also great reductions in
various hiKh-BTa<3e> pianos during this sal-.
DEVTINO & CO.. Flood building.
VIDLIN strings: never wet: best In the world;
making and repairing of all kinds of musical
instruments. Carl C. Anderson. 417 Geary st.
BE In the swim; rent a new piano for 12 ner
month. SCOTT-CUUTAZ CO.. 560 Hayea st.
GENTLEMAN going East win sacrifice ele-
gant upright grand piano. 3C4 Golden Gate ave.
AT KBEFFE"8, 933 Marketr St., 4 elegant uo^
rights at your own price.
EOHMER & CO., Byron Maury. Gabler. Speil-
ir.an an.1 other planes. 3C3 Post st.
BARGAIN — Good piano cheap; Installment $3
per month. SCIIMITZ. 1« McAllister st.
W. G. BADGER. 412 Sacramento st. agent for
Francis Baccn and Hallett St Davis pianos.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
REDUCTION sale; new pianos; $3 payments;
for rent. $3 up. BRUENN. 203 Post »t
HIGH-GRADE pianos: Steak. Hardman. Con-
over A others. W. B. ALLEN CO.. 314 Post.
SLAUGHTER sale of upright pianos for stor-
age; $3) up. Wilson's Storage. 1710 Market st.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 15 paces, sent to any address In th«
United .States or Canada one year for fl.
postage paid.
OFFICES AXD STORES TO LET.
GROCERS — Store eor. Hayes and Oouxh, for-
merly occupied by Cluff Bros., now by Staler
Bros., for rent from October 1; US. ASHTOM
& GARDINER. 411 Montgomery st •
LARGE store; fixtures In: 4 rooms; In good re-
tall district. Xa corner Clement and Third
ave. : Sutro ears pass door.
LARGE elegant store and basement; 933 Valen-
cia st., near 21st; business center; sultaM*
for any business.
BUSINESS corner: Union St., cor. Morsa. bet.
Larkln and Hyde; to be fitted to suit tenant.
TO let— Good store and rooms. £3 Ninth st;
tl6/
CHEAPEST and best tn America— The Weekly
Call. 16 paces, sent to any address tn th«
United States er Canada one year for H.
postage paid.
PALMISTRY.
MMe!nEEROAARD has removed to 700 Post:
hours 1 to K eve., and Sunday by appointment
P.UtTXEItS WASTED.
WANTED— Partner with money In a sanlta-
rluni. Ad3res9 box 4419. Call office.
1>ERSU.\ALj.
LEDERER, the popular hairdresser, artlstla
halrdressing only by the be3t hair artists;
S5c hair rolls and switches a specialty.
THE HUDSON RIVER CO.. ~~
HOPKE BROS.
Mattresses and pillows made to order, recov-
ered and renovated: honest work guaranteed:
prices defy competition: fine upholstery: phon»
6509: factory. SIS and S2O Eleventh St.; first-
class cleaning and dyeing. 12S O'Farrell st..
near Powell, "San Francisco.
ELECTRIC lights In every room— Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third st. near Market: 7C0 rooms;
23c to $1 SO per night: $1 SO to $8 per w*ek;
free 'buj and baggage to and from the ferry.
SUITS to order on Installments: $13 upward-
$1 a week. LEON LEMOS. 1117 Market st."
between Seventh and Eighth.
PILES— 300 permanent cures In San Francisco,
who can be seen: no operation: no pain: par-
tlculars sent. Ad. Physician, box 19C0. Call.
i MME. ADA. the wonderful gifted healer re-
{ moved to 1101 Market st.. offices 3 and' 4.
| PRIVATE detective work: reasonable rates- 19
| years' experience. J. B. RAY. 307 Jessie st
LEDERER' S Quintonica Hair Tonic 3oc hot :
, beautifies and gives that gloss. IS Stockton.*
I SUITS to order on easy payments. Art Ta.lor-
lng Co.^ 1644 Mkt. under St. Nicholas HoteL
HAIR quickly curled cr waved by usin- Tal-
cott's curling fluid; Kc a bottle: druggists.
LEDERER' S Foamo Shampoo. 5o pkg. ; cleanses
and sweetens the hair; you must try it.
WANTED— Old-fashioned silver, bra-s. copper
ware: curios, all descriptions. 525 Dupont st.
j ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna rtstona gmy
hair to Its natural color; fl. at all drusrsist*.
CAST-OFF c'.othlnir, old gold and silver bousrht;
sena postal. COLEMAN'S. 506 Ksfrrny >t.
C £Fi^ P £ ST * nd best la Amerlca-The Weekly
't^V* -j " P»S es . »»nt to any address In the
__Lnltert_State» or Canada one year for fl.
PHYS1CIAXS AMD SUHGEO.XS. ,
r 5i,£ «¦ °;i>ON?rELL-Oface and residence.
I lBlla Market st. between SUtfc and. Soy«at£BODY OF GENEEAL
PALMER LAID AWAY
Services Conducted by the Masons
and the Grand Army of the
Republic.
SPRIXGFIELD, III., Sept. 27.— Under
leaden skies the remains of General John
M. Palmer, soldier, statesman, jurist and
writer, were laid away In the cemetery
at Cariinville this afternoon. All the
State offices were closed and flags on the
State House and all public buildings float
ed at half-mast. Funeral services held at
the. residence were brief, consisting only
of prayer, hymns by a quartet and the
reading of Christ's sennon on the mount,
a favorite of- the deceased. After services
the remains were taken to Cariinville for
At Cariinville the local post, Grand
Army of the Republic, and the local lodge
Of 3. Ia f ons met lhe fu neral party and pro
ceeded to the cemetery, where the Ma
v?ni°^ tUaI i V^ first read by the Carlin-
Mlle s Masonic lodge, followed by the burial
service of the Grand Army of the Repub
lic. Among the honorary pallbearers
Et^ B^ e v ator T> Cu !!, om ' Goveraor Tanker.
f?Z?LZ £?# President Stevenson, former
M ern > or Ftfer former Congressman Con
nelly, General John C- Black and Supreme
Judge Jesse J. Phillips.
ACCIDENTAL DEATH
OF CAPTAIN" SHARP
Was a Cousin of General Grant and
Had Seen Much Hard
Service.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
KANSAS CITY, Sept. 27.— Captain Fred
erick Dent Sharp. U. S. A., retired, cousin
of General U. S. Grant, died to-day in this
city from an overdose of bromide, taken
for the purpose of relieving nervousness
and pain. Captain Sharp was totally blind
and it is supposed he had been unable
dru Pr ° PerI> sau = e the quantity of the
Captain Sharp was appointed to the
regular army by President Grant during
his hrst administration. He saw hard
service on the frontier and was stationed
for several years at Fort Assinabolne.
In Ii94 he was promoted to the rank of
captaui cf Company H. Twentieth In
fantry, the regiment with which he served
from the time he entered the army Dur
ing the latter years of his military ser
vice he was stationed with the regiment
at Fort Leavenworth, where his family
AMERICA LEADS AT
PABJS EXHIBITION'
Received More Awards Than Any
Nation With the Exception
of France.
PARIS. Sept. 27.— T^ie Jury of final ap
peal in the exposition awards has finished
its work. The statement prepared for the
United States Commission shows that
America received the highest number of
awards of any nation save France and
that she also received more awards in
each classification except in grand prizes
In which Germany secured a greater num
ber. The figures, excepting for France,
follow:
Grand prizes— United States, 215- Ger
many. 236; Russia, 200: Great Britain 1S2
Gold medals— United States, 547- Ger
many, 510; Russia. 346: Great Britain 405
Silver medals— United States, 583* Ger
many, 5. »; Russia, 451; Great Brita'ln 517
Bronze medals — United States. 501- Ger*
many. 321: Russia. 321; Great Britain 410
Honorable mention— United State* ' 34S :
Germany, 1S4; Russia, 3j«; Great Britain!
ZUo»
OPPORTUNITIES FOR
TRADE WTTH PABAGUAY
Consul Buffln Arrives at Memphis
With an Important Message
for President McKinley.
MEMPHIS. Tenn.. Sept. 27.— Consul
John N. Ruffln, representing the United
States In Paraguay and stationed at
Asuncion, has arrived here.
Consul Ruffln has returned to the United
States temporarily on business of consid
erable importance and bears a special
message to President McKInley from
President Ageval of Paraguay. While the
exact nature of the message I3 not
known, the general purport of It is un
derstood.
Constable Ruffln believes there is a
great future in Paraguay for American
capital and American trade generally
The Paraguayans, buy annually about J3,
000,000 worth of coarse cotton goods and
$1,000,000 worth of a finer grade of cotton
goods from I]ngland and Germany. He
says the- people of Paraguay are making
rapid strides and are anxious to be drawn
closer to the people of the United States.
Sentenced to Hang.
KNOXVILLE, Tenn., Sept. 27.— A spe
cial to the Sentinel from Rogeraville eaya:
TEAM FIELDING.
Builders' Contracts.
James H. Bennett and Harry W. Goodall
(owners) with Hannah Bros, (contractors), ar
chitect Edward R. Swain — All work for a one
story and attic frame building with brick foun
dation on S line of Sacramento street, 137:4
W of Locust. W 35 by 132 :7H; J3420.
A. Aronson (owner) with Floodb«rg & McCaf
ferey {contractors), architects Hemenway 4:
Miller — Plaster work tor a five-story, attic and
basement, concrete and brick construction, on
E line of Geary street, 62:6 E of Jones. E 73
by N 77:«; $300.
Anglo-American Crockery an1 Glassware
Company (owners), -with W. T. Thonuon fcon
tractor). architect John T. KIdd — Shelving,
partitions, closets, c— ., and fitting up of ofn
ces (plumbing work excepted\ in first and sec
ond floors of building at 103 to 115 Pine street:
I12S5.
Individual batting, runs, stolen bases, home runs, triples, doubles and sacrifice hits
made by players participating In ten or more games u» to September 52:
HOTEL ARBIVAJLS.
PALACE HOTEL.
GRAND
W H Davis & w.Cdusa
T Hass. Grass Valley
B C Carroll, Stockton
O Horr. Cal
W S Tinning. Martinez
A H Van >iorden. Sac
R Messing. San Jose
D E Nash, San Jose
W Meyers. Stockton
C E Cramer. X M
C T Ramsden. Eng
R H Mason, Cal
G E Gibson, Cal
A Thomas Cal
R L Edwards. Mtch
W A McCurdy. Mich
J Sandrell. Montana
D A Garon. Montana
F Wilkinson. Cal
M Schieffelln & w Cal
R C Guthert. Lou Ang
Mrs J M Boynton. Cal
L C TUghrnan. La Ang
E B Goes. N T
L T Lome, Indiana
H L Benson. Oregon
R J Billion & w. Cal
Miss C Marborough. O
Mls3 Marborousrh. O
HOTEL.
D Milliran. N' Zealand
R C Gillis. Sta Monica
C L Bundy. Sta Mor.ic
J M Jones. Kansas Cty
W R Clarit, Kans City
I Bird. Merced
G Borden. Los Ajs«
C M Jefferson, Boston
Mrs C Hayes. CastrrlU
W A Davis & w, Cal
G E Kennedy. LJvermr
G M Churchill. Mil
J M Kay & w. Eureka
G A McElfresh. L Ang
J K Remington. Benict
E W K!ag. Ukiah
E W Witmer. PlaccrvlJ
P H Alois?. S L Obisp
C Stutesman, Chicago
A Stenfelder, Nome
%. Pflster. Pa3o Roblea
T Gilbert & w. Berkely
C F CKBrien & w. Mj
C MolUen. Pt Rey*s
O G Woodward. Cal
R Blank. PhlU
R H Oowles. Nevada
J D Math*ws & w. Ara
R Conn, Denver
S R Hlbbard. England
R H Herron. Lcs Ang
W J Casey & w. Oalsi«I
P Cook. Rio Vista
W C Rlley. Berkeley
A W Kelly. Berkeley
S D Rosenbaum. Cal
C H Glelm. Portland
W F Bailey, Denver
Mrs J Rlehardson.Eost
C A Brown. Boston
G E Goodman Jr. Nap
J W KHey. San Jose
W G Now man & w.
Somerset
Miss Newman, Somerst
Miss Lowry, Somerset
W E Moore. Conn
J Sparks. Reno
Capt Warren & w. Aus
A McKinnon. Seattle
P B Dtwer N Y
S H Kinsley. N T
D I Johnson & w Ohio
E M Ross. Los Ang
C A (^infleW. Lf-3 Ang
R J Waters. Los Ang
F W Cowling. Boston
T Couch, Montana
T L Winder. Los Ang
Miss Lion, San .! «¦*
R H Stevens, Syracuse
F N Smith. England
B W Smith. England
Mi«s R Smith. England
T F Ah»rn. Detroit
J E McDonald. Mare Id
XEW WESTER}? HOTEX.
H Carlson. Vallejo 1
G N Smith. Chleazo ;
F Jennlnrs. N Mex
Mrs Klerh. Sacto
Miss Madsen. Sacto
H L Dawaon, Phil* j
D Basslnrer, St Lake 1
Miss Applegate Or
E D Carr, Chlcazo
K Honseymann, Reno I
iW Humphrey & w, Cal
\Vt Colllster. Sacto
C Shockley. Vallejo
T Burke. Cinn
J T Connolly. Boston
J R Madtsoa. Portland
r'A C Coleman, Fresno
|J C Laws. Fresno
JT C Po-welL Mo
I A Anthony & w. Ill
INDIVIDUAL AND TEAM
AVERAGES FOR FANATICS
San Francisco and Sacramento Practically
Tied in Team Batting.
Here Is a list of averages of the play
ers and teams of the California League
that will keep the fanatics hard at work
and give them much food for thought for
some time to come. In team batting the |
local nine leads, but its percentage su- I
periority over the champions Is so slight !
that for all practical purposes the team3
are on an equality in stick work. A sin
gular manifestation of the averages Is
apparent In regard to team fielding. The
two lowest teams lead in thi3 respect.
In detail the averages up to September 23
are:
INDIVIDUAL BATTING
James Burchfleld was to-day sentenced to
hang November 9 for the murder of his
wife on August 2S. Burchfield had just
come home from a year's term In the
State Penitentiary when he committed
the crime. During- the trial J. M. I'h:pp3.
a reputable citizen, testified that on her
deathbed Mrs. Burchfield said that a few
years ago her husband set lire to a cabin
near RogersviUe and burned alive Aman
da Kerr and her two children.
Greek Warship at New York-
HEW YORK. Sept. 27.— The Greek -war
ship Nauaurchis illaulis arrived here
from Philadelphia to-day. She Is on her
way to Boston, where she will remain ten
days, going- thence to the Mediterranean.
The Xauaurchls Miaulis is the first Greek
warship to visit the United States.
THE SA^ FRANCISCO CALL,, FRIDAY. SEPTEMBER 28, 1900.
FIELDING AVERAGES.
11
I
3
NAME JLXV CLUB. \
e
5
¦
9
tB
00
s"
s
s
a
o
a
a
c
i
o
3 5? L "3
1 I "1
2 a 2
: *?
I
Knell. San Francisco 10
McHale. Stockton 15
Eajran. Sacramento 62
Pace. Stockton 51
Hlldebrand, San Francisco 6«
Hutchlnson, Oakland 61
McGucken, Stockton 26
Borchers, Oakland 23
Pabst. San Francisco 54
Krug. San Francisco 61
Schwartz. San Francisco 64
Hanlon, Sacramento 61
Devereaux. Sacramento 57
Hardly Oakland SO
Brockhoft. San Francisco 64
Schmeer. Oakland 24
Arrellanes, Oakland 40
Doyle. Sacramento 60
Courtney, Stockton 60
Francks. Oakland 63
Stanley. Sacramento 57
Sullivan. San Francisco 47
Bertlle. Oakland 16
HcLaughlln. Sacramento 63
Streib. Stockton 43
Hughes. Sacramento 56
Hammond. Oakland *i
Mofkiinan. Oakland 57
Dunleavy. Oakland 30
Lockhead Stockton 37
Held. Oakland 32
Mangerlna, Oakland 37
Drennan. Oakland 64
Shanahan. Sacramento 39
McCarthy, John. Stockton 5S
Lange, Oakland 52
Levy, San Francisco 60
Moore. Stockton 63
Pyne, Sacramento 20
Ktulz, Sacramento 62
Babbitt, Stockton «3
Harper, Stockton -'
Reilly, San Francisco 64
Fltzpatrick. San Francisco 31
Bowman. Oakland *5
Peeples, San Francisco 21
Morrow, Stockton *£
Iburir. San Francisco »•»
McCarthy. Joe. San Francisco 1*
Whalen. Stockton 41
Dennle. Sacramento JJ
SteCanl. Oakland ••• *¦'
a
61
203
194
243
229
107
7?
195
24S
251
223
19*
95
256
100
153
136
266
216
172
50
259
1S3
230
100
224
114
133
117
131
244
128
230
2135
210
230
78
221
M
233
92
91
TO
150
115
61
128
S3
50
¦
9
49
2S
49
41
15
S
33
45
39
41
33
47
IS
19
13
17
33
2S
33
6
53
21
23
14
26
14
19
12
14
33
15
2S
17
29
28
24
31
7
30
11
10
6
11
16
16
13
5
3
10
20
68
62
74
69
32
23
67
70
71
61
E3
23
67
2tt
41
58
50
63
54
43
12
61
43
53
23
51
26
31
27
23
53
48
.43
44
M
11
42
42
16
44
17
16
12
21
10
IS
8
4
2
7
23
19
28
14
s
1
16
10
11
30
36
7
IS
5
10
9
11
21
7
12
0
33
31
14
9
17
6
14
6
6
24
%
12
1«
14
6
7
1
4
4
10
3
0
14
0
0
0
0
3
0
0
•
0
0
2
4
1
6
1 .
0
0
0
0
0
1
2
2
0
0
2
0
1
0
t
o
0
0
1
0
1
0
0
1
0
0
1
0
0
0
2
0
0
0
0
0
o
0
0
!
I
0
2
3
' 3
1
*>
I
1
1
2
4
0
1
1
3
1
m
o
1
4
2
2
1
1
4
4
0
2
4
2
2
1
1
o
0
0
0
3
0
2
2
1
0
1
1
o
2
0
0
1
. 0
0
11 .345
3 2 .323
10 3 .327
6 6 -31S
15 15 .301
10 3 -3"!
2 6 .293
1 1 .235
10 8 .232
12 1 -2S8
11 6 .282
7 1 .268
6 3 .267
3 2 .233
12 3 .261
4 1 .280
» 1 .257
3 4 .255
6 6 .255
14 3 .252
5 3 .J50
3 4 .2S0
3 Z .240
7 2 .235
5 1 .233
8 0 .231
4 2 .230
4 3 .22S
4 1 .223
10 5 .223
8 2 .222
4 4 .221
7 4 .217
5 2 .211
8 6 .2i)9
7 5 .203
6 12 .209
9 6 .2iT0
2 1 .133
4 8 .190
5 12 .130 •
1 7 .190
11 6 .183
7 3 .184
2 0 .173
2 1 .171
3 8 .1*3
8 4 .164
1 5 .154
3 1 .140
2 1 -13S
0 3 .080
FIRST
BASE
3 •:!> S >
» c 3 2 <
3 " " 2 "
Jo!? j
name. -. = : : ?
iSSrr.:::::::::::::::::::::;:: M j |f
t,.^.. 54 d34 24 14 .»<a
Hutchlnson «^ H{ »|-^[
McCarthy 1 6 ' 1;> - n 3i - ajl
SECOND BASE.
NAME.
a
s
3
B
o
I i
• I
>
3
a
I-!
i t.
iiJ
;
ill!.
Reiny » g % , j;Sm
cka ••—:•:::::::: SiSw ai.»«
iVrlnaneV::::::::::::: « k|mi » -|»
Courtney » 5" ,5 'iu
Babbitt ¦ « g}^
Schwartz 4 ; 9 ;j"; cf«l*
Lockhead ' «1 " 6i ' 81 -
THIRD BASE.
NAME.
O "5
P =
3 "
? 0
i ¦ ?
>
m
T
X
>
<
¦
Hi
.
— ¦
I— -
_r
f
f
Moora ¦
Rellly
Lange
Devereaux
Brockhoff
«3;il5!l66 Vi .837
39 67 122 22 .896
52! 44 10S 25 .864
53J 63 93 2S -S62
13J.25 32| 20 .740
SHORTSTOPS
NAME.
3*
3
"5
?
•: > s
I f f
• ¦ •
>
2
I!
_l
i — i — r.
r ,„
Rellly
Eagan
Babbitt
Lockhead
Francks
Krug -
Peeple*
Schmeer
" CATCHERS.
5 13i 13! 2 .928
60!121 M9 47 .8^
32j 55 ?7 22 .868
28 58 93 24 .8«3
24 17 23 31.862
36 98 113 37 .S57
16 18 40 10 .833
23 4S{ 81 23 .UH
NAME.
Q
s
3
*• fc'4
C * 1
i ? "
i
7
rj
r,
a
Sullivan
Hammond
Stanley
Pace
Mangerlna
Schwartz
47 217 83 13 4 .94«
24 126 33 10 1 .935
57 308 60 10 9 .934
511247 67 11 16 .921
37J159 55 6 10 .920
13; 68 22 11 E .843
PITCHERS.
• * t * i • §
Iburg 37 10 74 3 2\944
Steffanl 17 2 47 2 1 .940
Moskiman IS 13 4S 1 3 .933
Doyle 30 18 75 5 4 .910
Hughes 28 10 70 4 5 .899
Whalen •' 34 10 76 4 6 .83H
Fitzpatrick 27 12 70 5 5 .831
Beville 15 7 22 4 0 .87\
Harp«r • 27 « 63 4 6 .875
Devereaux 7 3 10 4 0 .Sis
Borchers 19 5 34 8 2 .SOt>
Knell 7 9 H 2 3 .737
FIELDERS.
Q *C > 3 >
IB C X 1 <
NAME. " c ? " S
McHale ••••• U 33 3 0 1000
Held 29 52 4 1 .982
Hughes 20 45 4 1 .S8o
Drennan « 153 7 - -958
Doyle 27 40 4 2.937
Courtney i 24 34 7 2 .953
Brockhoff 48 S6 10 6 .941
McGucken 2« 54 ft 2 .938
Hlldebrand •- «6 92 17 8 .931
Bowman • 25 34 4 3 .927
Levy M W6 6 10.924
Morrow « 52 7 6.922
Shanahan ..". 36 62 4 6 .9H
pyne ••• 20 32 1 2 .911
Moskiman « 65 2 7 »5
McLauRhlln «f 107 6 12 .9<M
McCarthy, John 5S 103 4 12.900
Hardie 27 40 5 5 .900
Dunleavy • 27 29 6 4 .S3.
Dennle • "24 4 4 .875
Krug « 36 3 7J.S4S
i
CLUB. "
TEAM BATTI>
Q
P
3
*
m
> 3 3 2 "3
" § S £ ?
5 • ° 2 ?
; * :• 3 o S
: . • » n
. i f» .
22S2 ! 350 542 123
21JS 312 507 191 .237
2325 2SS 545 145 .233
llill 2U146Q 139 .2ii
San Francisco. ...I 66
Sacramento :'...'¦ .....I 63
Oakland I 6S
StocKtoa .....•» •••••J 63.
CLUB.
a
5
¦ e
c
X
s
a
J;
Stockton
Oakland
Pan Francisco ....
Sacramento ,
— I — i
. €S!lS25'9l0i23OL923
. «S!1734'SS7 22TI.920
. 63jlfcffl;s64lS»i.91l
FIRST
BASE
3 •:!> S >
» c 3 2 <
3 " " 2 "
Jo!? j
name. -. = : : ?
iSSrr.:::::::::::::::::::::;:: M j |f
t,.^.. 54 d34 24 14 .»<a
Hutchlnson «^ H{ »|-^[
McCarthy 1 6 ' 1;> - n 3i - ajl
SECOND BASE.
NAME.
a
s
3
B
o
I i
• I
>
3
a
I-!
i t.
iiJ
;
ill!.
Reiny » g % , j;Sm
cka ••—:•:::::::: SiSw ai.»«
iVrlnaneV::::::::::::: « k|mi » -|»
Courtney » 5" ,5 'iu
Babbitt ¦ « g}^
Schwartz 4 ; 9 ;j"; cf«l*
Lockhead ' «1 " 6i ' 81 -
THIRD BASE.
NAME.
O "5
P =
3 "
? 0
i ¦ ?
>
m
T
X
>
<
¦
Hi
.
— ¦
I— -
_r
f
f
Moora ¦
Rellly
Lange
Devereaux
Brockhoff
«3;il5!l66 Vi .837
39 67 122 22 .896
52! 44 10S 25 .864
53J 63 93 2S -S62
13J.25 32| 20 .740
SHORTSTOPS
NAME.
3*
3
"5
?
•: > s
I f f
• ¦ •
>
2
I!
_l
i — i — r.
r ,„
Rellly
Eagan
Babbitt
Lockhead
Francks
Krug -
Peeple*
Schmeer
" CATCHERS.
5 13i 13! 2 .928
60!121 M9 47 .8^
32j 55 ?7 22 .868
28 58 93 24 .8«3
24 17 23 31.862
36 98 113 37 .S57
16 18 40 10 .833
23 4S{ 81 23 .UH
NAME.
Q
s
3
*• fc'4
C * 1
i ? "
i
7
rj
r,
a
Sullivan
Hammond
Stanley
Pace
Mangerlna
Schwartz
47 217 83 13 4 .94«
24 126 33 10 1 .935
57 308 60 10 9 .934
511247 67 11 16 .921
37J159 55 6 10 .920
13; 68 22 11 E .843
PITCHERS.
• * t * i • §
Iburg 37 10 74 3 2\944
Steffanl 17 2 47 2 1 .940
Moskiman IS 13 4S 1 3 .933
Doyle 30 18 75 5 4 .910
Hughes 28 10 70 4 5 .899
Whalen •' 34 10 76 4 6 .83H
Fitzpatrick 27 12 70 5 5 .831
Beville 15 7 22 4 0 .87\
Harp«r • 27 « 63 4 6 .875
Devereaux 7 3 10 4 0 .Sis
Borchers 19 5 34 8 2 .SOt>
Knell 7 9 H 2 3 .737
FIELDERS.
Q *C > 3 >
IB C X 1 <
NAME. " c ? " S
McHale ••••• U 33 3 0 1000
Held 29 52 4 1 .982
Hughes 20 45 4 1 .S8o
Drennan « 153 7 - -958
Doyle 27 40 4 2.937
Courtney i 24 34 7 2 .953
Brockhoff 48 S6 10 6 .941
McGucken 2« 54 ft 2 .938
Hlldebrand •- «6 92 17 8 .931
Bowman • 25 34 4 3 .927
Levy M W6 6 10.924
Morrow « 52 7 6.922
Shanahan ..". 36 62 4 6 .9H
pyne ••• 20 32 1 2 .911
Moskiman « 65 2 7 »5
McLauRhlln «f 107 6 12 .9<M
McCarthy, John 5S 103 4 12.900
Hardie 27 40 5 5 .900
Dunleavy • 27 29 6 4 .S3.
Dennle • "24 4 4 .875
Krug « 36 3 7J.S4S
i
CLUB. "
TEAM BATTI>
Q
P
3
*
m
> 3 3 2 "3
" § S £ ?
5 • ° 2 ?
; * :• 3 o S
: . • » n
. i f» .
22S2 ! 350 542 123
21JS 312 507 191 .237
2325 2SS 545 145 .233
llill 2U146Q 139 .2ii
San Francisco. ...I 66
Sacramento :'...'¦ .....I 63
Oakland I 6S
StocKtoa .....•» •••••J 63.
CLUB.
a
5
¦ e
c
X
s
a
J;
Stockton
Oakland
Pan Francisco ....
Sacramento ,
— I — i
. €S!lS25'9l0i23OL923
. «S!1734'SS7 22TI.920
. 63jlfcffl;s64lS»i.91l
I
3
NAME JLXV CLUB. \
e
5
¦
9
tB
00
s"
s
s
a
o
a
a
c
i
o
3 5? L "3
1 I "1
2 a 2
: *?
I
Knell. San Francisco 10
McHale. Stockton 15
Eajran. Sacramento 62
Pace. Stockton 51
Hlldebrand, San Francisco 6«
Hutchlnson, Oakland 61
McGucken, Stockton 26
Borchers, Oakland 23
Pabst. San Francisco 54
Krug. San Francisco 61
Schwartz. San Francisco 64
Hanlon, Sacramento 61
Devereaux. Sacramento 57
Hardly Oakland SO
Brockhoft. San Francisco 64
Schmeer. Oakland 24
Arrellanes, Oakland 40
Doyle. Sacramento 60
Courtney, Stockton 60
Francks. Oakland 63
Stanley. Sacramento 57
Sullivan. San Francisco 47
Bertlle. Oakland 16
HcLaughlln. Sacramento 63
Streib. Stockton 43
Hughes. Sacramento 56
Hammond. Oakland *i
Mofkiinan. Oakland 57
Dunleavy. Oakland 30
Lockhead Stockton 37
Held. Oakland 32
Mangerlna, Oakland 37
Drennan. Oakland 64
Shanahan. Sacramento 39
McCarthy, John. Stockton 5S
Lange, Oakland 52
Levy, San Francisco 60
Moore. Stockton 63
Pyne, Sacramento 20
Ktulz, Sacramento 62
Babbitt, Stockton «3
Harper, Stockton -'
Reilly, San Francisco 64
Fltzpatrick. San Francisco 31
Bowman. Oakland *5
Peeples, San Francisco 21
Morrow, Stockton *£
Iburir. San Francisco »•»
McCarthy. Joe. San Francisco 1*
Whalen. Stockton 41
Dennle. Sacramento JJ
SteCanl. Oakland ••• *¦'
a
61
203
194
243
229
107
7?
195
24S
251
223
19*
95
256
100
153
136
266
216
172
50
259
1S3
230
100
224
114
133
117
131
244
128
230
2135
210
230
78
221
M
233
92
91
TO
150
115
61
128
S3
50
¦
9
49
2S
49
41
15
S
33
45
39
41
33
47
IS
19
13
17
33
2S
33
6
53
21
23
14
26
14
19
12
14
33
15
2S
17
29
28
24
31
7
30
11
10
6
11
16
16
13
5
3
10
20
68
62
74
69
32
23
67
70
71
61
E3
23
67
2tt
41
58
50
63
54
43
12
61
43
53
23
51
26
31
27
23
53
48
.43
44
M
11
42
42
16
44
17
16
12
21
10
IS
8
4
2
7
23
19
28
14
s
1
16
10
11
30
36
7
IS
5
10
9
11
21
7
12
0
33
31
14
9
17
6
14
6
6
24
%
12
1«
14
6
7
1
4
4
10
3
0
14
0
0
0
0
3
0
0
•
0
0
2
4
1
6
1 .
0
0
0
0
0
1
2
2
0
0
2
0
1
0
t
o
0
0
1
0
1
0
0
1
0
0
1
0
0
0
2
0
0
0
0
0
o
0
0
!
I
0
2
3
' 3
1
*>
I
1
1
2
4
0
1
1
3
1
m
o
1
4
2
2
1
1
4
4
0
2
4
2
2
1
1
o
0
0
0
3
0
2
2
1
0
1
1
o
2
0
0
1
. 0
0
11 .345
3 2 .323
10 3 .327
6 6 -31S
15 15 .301
10 3 -3"!
2 6 .293
1 1 .235
10 8 .232
12 1 -2S8
11 6 .282
7 1 .268
6 3 .267
3 2 .233
12 3 .261
4 1 .280
» 1 .257
3 4 .255
6 6 .255
14 3 .252
5 3 .J50
3 4 .2S0
3 Z .240
7 2 .235
5 1 .233
8 0 .231
4 2 .230
4 3 .22S
4 1 .223
10 5 .223
8 2 .222
4 4 .221
7 4 .217
5 2 .211
8 6 .2i)9
7 5 .203
6 12 .209
9 6 .2iT0
2 1 .133
4 8 .190
5 12 .130 •
1 7 .190
11 6 .183
7 3 .184
2 0 .173
2 1 .171
3 8 .1*3
8 4 .164
1 5 .154
3 1 .140
2 1 -13S
0 3 .080
yVlcs/WOV «fc CO..
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALMERS,
VS3 Market Bt. between Sth and 9th.
Telephone South 247.
UNITED UNDERTAKERS.
JT and a Fifth it. Tel. South 167.
ICNERAL DIRECTORS AND SM3ALa£?.3.
Finest Equipment at Moderate Rates.
(Successor to Flannagan ft Gallagher).
DANIEL P. DONOVAN, Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
8) Fifth st.. opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South SO.
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO..
From New York Every Wednesday, 12 noon.
Frlesland Oct. 3 Kensington Oct. !4
Southwark Oct. 10' Noordland Oct- 31
Westernland Oct. 17 Southwark Xov u
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
30 Montgomery Street.
RED STAK LINE.
New York ?nd Antwero.
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York Every Wednesday, 10 a. m.
St. Louis Oct. 3; St. Louis Oct 24
New York Oct. 10 New York Oct. 31
St. Paul Oct. i:; St. Louis Nov. it
AMERICAN LINE. -
ixv Toax. scoraAHPTOs. losdos. ?im
7O2CPAGSIE 6E5TRAL2 TTLlII3ATLA5TlQn3.
D1P.KCT LINE TO" HAVRE-PARIS. ..^.^
Sailing every Thursday. Instead of
Saturday, from November 2. 1S33. atMKsrea
1<> a. m.. from Pier 42. Nortlr River, foot of
Morton street. LA TOURAINE. Oct. 4-
L-AQUITAIXE. Oct. 11: LA LORRAINE Oct.*
IS; LA BRETAGNE. Oct. K. . First class to
Havre, $-">o and upward. Second class to Havre
H2 50 and upward. GENERAL AGENCY FOR
UNITED STATES and CANADA. J2 Broarlwav
(Hudson building). New York. - J.-F. FUG\ZI
& CO.. Pacific Coast Agents. 6- Montgomery
avenue, San Francisco.
Wednesday. Oct. 17. I p. m.
J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO., Aqts.. 643 Market SL
Pier 7, Foot Pacif'c i>L Freight Office. 327 MarkttSt
OCEANIC S. S. CO.— HON'OLITLTJ, APIA
AUCKLAND AND SYDNEY".
S. S. MOANA (via Honolulu) to New Zea-
land and Australia, Wed., Oct. J, 9 p m.
B. B. AUSTRALIA (Honolulu only)
KIMBALL S. S. CO.'S
FOR NOME, ALASKA,
VIA SEATTLE.
Strar. John S, Kimball
Sails Frfm Mission No. 1 Wharf
FRIDAY September 2S. 10 p. m.
For freight and passage, K. S. S. CO., 22)
Market st.
TOYO KISEN KAISH1
STEAMERS WILL. LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m..
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for In-
dia, etc. No cargo received oa board on day
of sailing. ,
SS. AMERICA MARU
Wednesday, October 17. 1300
SS. HONGKONG MARU
Tuesday, -November 13, 1300
SS. NIPPON MARU
Thursday. December 8. 1300
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office.
421 Market street, corner of First.
W. JL AVPRT. General Agent.
THP 0. R. & N. no,
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Spear-street Wharf at 11 A. It
CAk •• 512 Hrst Class n_.uamg Berth
Inlx: 58 Second Class ana Meals.
STATE OF CALIFORNIA sails Sept. JO
COLUMBIA sails Oct $
Short line to Walla Walla. Spokane. Butte.
Helena and all points In the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD, General Agent.
tZO Market st.
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO..
Superintendents.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
r . Steamers leave Broadway
W wharf, San Francisco:
yEN-w_ For Alaskan P rts— 11 a. m.,
I^SiSlV September :>. Oct. i Charge
l^fcyA?^ to company's steamers a: <•*-
bI^SjS »Vi r* 01 " Victoria. Vancouver • B.
faS^q^flf&l C). Port TowT!«»nJ. Seattle.
i"^jK^i>\! Tacorp.a. Ev»rett. Ar.acortes
and New Whateom (U'a«h.>.
— 11 a_ m.. September !?. O?t. 4.
and every fifth day thereafter Change at
Seattle to this company's steamers for Alaska
and G. N. R'y; at Seattle or Taccma to >:. P.
R'y; at Vancouver to C. P. R'y.
Fcr Eureka, Humboldt Bay— 3 p. m.. Sepr-m-
fcer 3O. Oct. 5. and every fifth day therea^tpr.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Oblspo), Santa Barbara. Port
Los Ar.sreles and Redondo (Lcs Angeles*— U a.
m., September 30. Oct. 4. and everv fourth day
thereafter.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey. San Simeon. Cayu-
cos. Port Harford (San Luis Oblspo), Gaviota,
Santa Barbara, Ventura. Hueneme. San Pedro,
East San Pedro (Los Aj^eles) and Newport— 9
a. m.. September 2S, Oct. 2. and every fourth
day thereafter.
For Ensenada, Magdalerta Bay San Jose del
Cabo, Mazatlan. Altata, La Paa. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mexico)— 10 a. in.. 7th of each
month.
For further information obtain company's
folders.
GOODALU PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agents.
10 Market st., San Francisco.
The company reserves th'e right to change
steamers, sailing dates and hours of sailing
without previous notice.
TICKET OFFICE— 4 New Montgomery
OCEAN TEAVEL.
STATEMENT
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
—OF THE—
UINIOiN
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF PHILADELPHIA. IN THE STATE OB*
Pennsylvania, en th» Hst day of D«cesa-
ber. A. D. 1S39. and for the year ending on
that day. as made to the Insurance Commis-
sioner of the State of California. Pursuant to
th» Provisions of Sections CO aa«I CU ot th«
Political Cede, condensed as pe r blank fur-
nished by th« Commissioner:
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up In
Cash COtf.OOO 0O
ASSETS ~~
Real Estat- owned by Ccmpacy n».0C0 Oft
Leans en Bonds and Mortgages J.^COW
Cash Market Value of a!! Stocks and
B"nd3 owned by Company 331.141 75
Cash in Company's Office l.«35 X3
Cash in Banks &»12 M
Interest due and accrued on all Stocks
and Loans 541 «
Irt j re«» due and accrued oa Bonds aad
Martgirn ISO 9*
Premiums in due Course of Collection. E3.T73 TO
Bills receivable, not Matured, taltia
for Fire ar.i Marine Risks 1120 ti
Due frcm Managers at San Francisco. lOiJU $7
Due from perpetual Insurance oa
building 742 1©
Total Assets ...gSLEH 13
LIABTLTTrnS. ~ ~
Z>o S sea adjusted asd unpaid Si). 431 S3
Losses in process of Adjustment or la
Suspense M.C3 ft
Grcss premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year cr les*. I1SS.743 S3; re-
insurance oO per cent M.S74 91
Grcss premiuies on Fire Risks runnlne
more than one year. S137.536 23; re-
iniurance pro rata 1C2.C34 S7
Amount reclalmable by tn» Insured on
perpetual fire insurance policies 33. S3- M
All ether demands acainst the Com-
pajjy «.Ot IS
Total Liabilities JT3.S13 «3
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for Flr»
premiums $253.«T» S3
Received for interest oa Bonds aad
Mortgages 132 SO
Received for Interest and dividends on
Bonds. Stocks. Loans acd from all
other source* 1T.2J3 T5
Received fcr Rents 2.907 54
Total Income 1230. 4»4 «1
EXPENnrmtES.
STet amount paid for Fire Losses (In-
cluding J34.SC7 44, losses of previous
years) r.*>.«3 *>
Dividends to Stockholders 12.CC0 CO
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 52.044 »
Paid for Salaries. Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc S3. 4X1 SS
Pa'd for State. National aad Local •
Taxes ».5:3 53
All other payments and expenditure!.. 31.990 33
: Total Expenditures *3=3.C& »7
I Losses incurred during the year. Cre..llS3.913 il
P.!sk3 and Premiums, j Fire Risks. ! Premium*.
Net amount of Risks'
written during the!
year | Ca53O,3» tKJ.K3 Tl
Net amount cf Risks!
expired during the
year j 29.J31.82S 834.235 O
Net amount In forcel
December 81. 1339 1 T7. 753.098 S3S.UK 10
C. i HOLLINSHEAD. Prealdeat.
E. R. DAXNELS. Secretary.
Subscribed and nwcrn to befor* ma, thla SCta
day of January. 1S00.
MANLON D. YOUNG. Notary Public
PACIFIC COAST DEP'T,
610 California St.
T. Jbmw ASD POPE, Manager.
B. W. OSBORN, Assistant Manager.
STATEMENT
—or th&—
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
• PENNSYLVANIA FIRE |
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF PHILADELPHIA. IX THE STATE OP
Pennsylvania, on the 31st day of Decem-
ber, A. D. 1333, and for the year ending oa
that day. at made to the Insurance Commis-
sioner of the State of California, Pursuant to
the Provisions of Sections (10 and (11 of th»
Political Cede, condensed as per blank fur-
nished by the Commissioner:
CAPITAI*.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up ta
Cash I40O.CM <y>
! ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company £2.500 00
Loans en Bonds asd Mortgages 713.900 00
Cash Market Value of al! Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company J.S1S.09O 00
Amount cf Leans secured by pledg*
cf Bonds, Stocks and other market-
able securities as collateral IS3.9CO 00
Cash in Company's Office 4.4«3 a
Cash In Basks 1S3.I33 04
Interest due and accrued oa all
Stocks asd Leans m 3,150 90
Interest due and accrued en Bonds
acd Mortgages 8.J1J 54
Premiums la due Course of Collec-
tion ~ I72.S3OSO
Total Assets „ .S3.173.1C4 n
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid KS.SH 47
Losses in process of Adjustment or
la Suspense 1S4.JS4 SS
Lcsses resisted. Including expenses.. 9.;<3 7s
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or less. $1,520,209 48;
reinsurance 50 per cent » 7*0.104 74
Grcss premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning mere than one year. 11.4*3.-
542 87: reinsurance pro rata 7M.13SI
Amount reclaimable by the rasur«d
on perpetual fire insurance policies MO.OIS 57
All other demand* against the Com-
pany 4.0MM
Total Liabilities .C. 533.4*0 »
INCOME.
Net cash actually reeetred for Ftr»
premiums Q.S4S.J19 M
Received for Interest ca Bonds and
Mortgages 40,2*3 4?
Received for Interest and drndenda
on Bends. Stocks, Loans and frcra
all other scorces 1)0.354 14
Received for Bents j.170 SS
Total Iscozno ....ILS77.3S3 13
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Flr» Losses.... J1.23.S2S TO
Dividends to Stockholder* IM.%0 CO
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 3S8.4C3 <S
Paid for Salaries. Fees and other
charges fcr officers.- clerks, etc 93.CC0 CO
Paid for State. National and Local
Taxes 7!.Kt «
All other payments and expenditures Sa.924 tl
Total Expenditure* .$L94im U
Losses Incurred during th» year.
Fire ~ n.231.153 a
Risks and Premiums. Flr» Risk*. Premiums.
Net amount of Rl.«ks
-written during the
year C13.S3X.33 f2.IC4.?3< M
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
year KT7.479.3S1 LWT.m tt
Net amount In force
December tl. 1339 C4.<S5.gl4 i,Qng.ta IS
R. DALE BENSON. President.
W. GARDNER CROWELL. Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me. thli 17lh
day of January. 1300. THOS. J. HTTNT.
Commissioner for California at Philadelphia,
PACIFIC GFAST DEP'T,
510 California St
T. ED"WAST> POPE, Manager.
E. W. OSBORN, Assistant Manager.
BAY AND K1VJEE. STEAMERS.
FORuXil W-Y4RD andVALLEJO
Steamer "Monticello."
HON.. Tues.. Wed.. Thurs. and Sat. at 9:45
i. m.. 3:15. 8:30 p. in. (ex. Thurs. night); Fri-
days 1 p. m. and 3:30: Sundays. 10:30 a. m.. S
p. m. Landing a.n.i office. Mission-street Dock.
i Pier No. Z. Telephone Main 1303.
i FARE - J0C
ADVERTISEMENTS.
her late residence. Glen Brook Farm. Annie,
beloved wife of Garret J. Byrne, and mother
of Bessie, Katie. Robert J., Allen, Charles E.
and James H. Byrne, a native of Sydney,
Cape Breton. Nova Scotia, aged 66 years 3
months and 7 days.
C7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral on arrix-al
cf the train at 1:30 o'clock p. m.. from Third
and Townsend streets, to-morrow (Saturday).
Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
CALLAN— In this city, September 25, 1900. Jus-
tine Diana Callan, dearly beloved wife of
John Callan. mother of the late John and
Irene Callan, daughter of Frank and the late
Julia Riverst. and sister of Edward, Jchn,
Samuel. Hector and Edmund Riverst and
Mrs. Annie O'Farrell. a native of Canada,
aired 25 years 2 months and 21 days. (Mont-
real. Canada, papers please copy.)
E7"Frienda and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 1 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, €SS Fourth street. Interment St.
Mary's Cemetery. Oakland, via the 2 o'clock
creek boat.
CAMPBELL-In this city, September 24, 1300.
Frank Campbell, a native of Iowa, aged 37
years. (Nelson. B. C, and Iowa papers please
copy.)
(CTFrierids and acquaintances are respect-
fu'ly Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 11 o'clock, from the funeral par-
lors of Charles H. Jacob & Co.. 31S Mason
street, between O'Farrell and Geary, inter-
ment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
CECENA— In this city, September 27, 1900. at
tht* residence cf his parents. 226 Minna street.
"William Jchn Cecena, beloved eon of George
and Jenny Cecena. and brother of Joseph and
Essie Cecena, a native of San Francisco, aged
9 months.
COCK— In this city, September 25. 1300, Mar-
garet Fourcade Cook, dearly beloved mother
ot George Fcurcade, Mrs. Andrew G. Johnson
and Mrs. Charles J. Hogan, a native of
County Tyrone, Ireland, aged 53 years.
(E^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the 'funeral this day
(Friday), at 10. o'clock, from the residence of
her son-ln-'.aw. Captain Charles J. Hogan,
107S Tennessee street, Potrero. Interment Holy
Cress Cemetery-
EISEN'— In this city. September 26. 1900. Peter
Ei^en. beloved husband of Ernestine Elsen, a
native of Baden Baden, .Germany, aged 62
years 10 months and 15 days.
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), from Red Men's Hall. 510 Bush
etreet, where services will be held under the
auspices of Schiller Stamm No. 275, U. O.
R. M., commencing at 1:30 o'clock. Crema-
tion at L O. O. F. Cemetery. Remains at the
parlors of H. F. Suhr & Co.. 1137 Mission
street, between Seventh and Eighth.
FROST— In this city. September 26, 1900, John
Her.ry. beloved husband of Mary E. Frost,
and father of Walter H. and Hazel M. Frost,
a. native ot Gardner. Me., aged 4« years.
(C? Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from the Masonic
Temple, ccrner Post and Montgomery streets,
under the auspices of King Solomon's Lodge
>*o. ifiO. F. and A. M. Interment Masonic
Cemetery. ,
GILMORE— In this city, September 26, 1300.
Thomas, dearly beloved husband of Maria
Gilmore. and father of Patrick Gilmore, Mrs.
R. C. Mur.ro. Mrs. E. W. Haughy. Mrs. J. S.
Forrest and Mrs. J. T. Cullen, a native of the
town <->f Oalway. Ireland.
CT'The funeral will take place to-morrow
?Saturday), at 5:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence cf h's son-in-law, E. W. Haughy, 227
First street, thence to St. Brendan's Church,
where a solemn requiem mass will be cele-
ing at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
HL'RLEY— In this city. September 23. 1500. Pat-
rick, dearly beloved eon of the late John and
Hanora Hurley, and brother of Thomas
Jrrry. Timothy. Hanora and Nora Hurley,
I Mrs. E. Rongien. Mrs. J. Sass and the late
j Mrs. T. Whearty, a native of San Francisco,
j aged 30 years and S days.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 8 o'clock, from the undertaking
rarlors of Valente, Marinl & Co., 1524 Stock-
ton street, near Union, thence to St. Rose's
Church. Brannan street, between Fourth and
Fifth, where a solemn requiem mass will be
celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at 3 o'clock. Interment Holy Crosa
Cemetery.
JACKSON-In this city, September 25, 1900,
John Putnam, beloved husband of Anna Jack-
son, a native of Cleveland. Ohio, ased 67
years.
C7" Funeral services will be held this day
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, at his late residence.
TtO Sutter 6treet. Interment private. No
flowers.
JOHNSOX— In this city, September 27, 1900.
Harry P. Johnson, a native of Sweden, aged
SO years.
CTTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Sunday.
September 30, at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
H. P. Petersen & Co., 22S McAllister street.
Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by elec-
tric funeral car.
KELLY- In this city. September «. 1900, Mrs.
Catherine Kelly, daughter of the late Bernard
and Catherine Oately. and mother of the late
Mrs. Mary Ellen K«san, a native of Brides-
well. Cnunty Roscommon. Ireland.
C7FrIends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral this day (Friday), from
the Chai-el ot" the Passion, attached to St.
Mary's Hospital, where a solemn requiem
mess will b« celebrated for the repose of her
B-ul. commencing at 8 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery-
KELLY- In this city, September 27. 1900, Mary
Kelly. Fister of the late Julia Kelly and Mrs.
Annie Chearty. and aunt of Mrs. P. Mc-
Donough, a native of County Longford, Ire-
land, aged 76 years. (New York Herald and
Brooklyn Eagle please copy.)
CyThe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Saturday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 3 Waiter street, thence to Mission
Dolores Church, where a solemn requiem
mass will be celebrated for the 1 repose of her
met, commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
KELLY— In this city, September 26. 19C0. Mary,
beloved wife of Robert Kelly, mother of John
and Robert Kelly, and sister of Bridget.
Hugh and James Reilly, a native of County
Fermanagh. Ireland, aged 37 years.
ICT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 9 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 1423 Grren street, thence to St. Brigid's
Church, where a solemn requiem mass will
be celebrated for the- repose of her soul, com-
menclr.s at 9:30 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
LEAHT-In this dty, September 2S. 1900, Mada-
line V.. infant daughter cf John F. and Nel-
lie E. Leahy, a native of San Francisco, aged
6 months and 23 days.
C7"The funeral will take place this day
(Friday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the residence
of the parents. 537 Minna street. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
MAHE— In this city. September 23. 1900 Jo-
sephine Mahe, a native of France, aged 27
years.
E7"Frie-nds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
• Friday), at 1 o'clock, from the parlors of
J. S. Godeau. 3fl5 Montgomery avenue. Inter-
ment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
MOORE— In this city. September 27, 1300. John
Kirby Mocre, a native of New York, aged 90
years 4 months and 17 days.
PINKHAM— In this city. September 26 1900
Georgi C, beloved husband of the late Carrie
Piukham (nee Gardiner*, father of Clifford,
Lloyd and Bernlce Plnkham, son of John F
and Lydla J. Pinkham. and brother of Fred
S. and Frank P. Pinkham and the late Mrs.
Brainard F. Smith, a native of California
ajreti 34 years.
ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 10 o'clock, from the parlors of
the California Undertaking Company 405
Powell street, near Post. Interment Odd Fel-
lows' Cemetery.
ROBINSON— In this city. September 26, 1900
Sophia A., beloved wife «of Joseph H. Robin-
son, a native of County Fermanagh. Ireland
C7"The funeral will take place this day
(Friday), at 11 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 337? Nineteenth street, thence via elec-
tric funeral car from Eighteenth and Guer-
rero streets. Interment private. Cypress
Lawn Cemetery.
TIEDEMANN— In Alameda. September 27 1900
Mrs. Kate Tiedemann. aged 67 years.
TOTMAN— In this city. September 2S 1S00
Jeremy Rockwell, beloved husband of Eliza-
beth Totman, and father of Leslie, Edgar
Russell. Isaac and Zada Totman and Mrs i'
S. Toombs, a native of New York, aged 76
years 3 months and 1 day. (Marysville and
Colusa papers please copy.)
JCXFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 1:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 26 Valley street, between San Jce ave-
nue and Dolores street. Interment Cypress
Lawn Cemetery, via electric funeral car.
WIENCKE— In the City and County Hospital
September 26, 1300. Hans WIencke a "native
of Germany.
WOLTEUS— In this city, September 26 1300
Madaline Loretta, dearly beloved daughter of
Louis and Katie Wolters, and loving grand-
daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Martin Tierney and
Mr. and Mrs. William Wolters. a native of
San Francisco, aced 4 years and 11 months.
CTThe funeral will take place this day
(Friday), at 10:30 o'clock, from the parents-
residence, il Tehama street. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
BSAXi ESTATE CITV — FOR SALE.
CLHAX INVESTMENT^
KT A. M. SPECK & CO.'S. 6€7 MARKET ST.
(ITS. 000— Pays « per cent net; Market st.; one
tenant.
tKLBBO Pay 7 per cert; fetr blocks from
Chrcr.i ->.
M),NC-jP*r> VSf. grand corner; all rented.
SO. 300— fays 8 per cent net; grand corner; cne
tecunt. lease E >ears.
SIf'.OOO— Rents S2i; new Ir-.prorcmeati.
JTS.000 — iSrari'l LHIkl cf 3 stores and five flats-
few btocfcx from City Hill; all rented.'
n:.500— Or.?-, i store property; TO feet front:
u-r.x* CM a month; ail rented
tlT.tW Qnni investment: 40 leet front: near
\ an tCeaa ave. and McAllister st :
rents ?H5.
tl7.50r— Grand corner; rents j:«;-; 70 fe«t front
oa Main it. '
tl'.UK— Itcnti J1C; new Improvements.
Slf-.-'W- 1 — Hiesar.t flats, not far from Van Neas-
r^r;ts HIM; only S cash: ill rented. '
J-'.MO — Btorc property ca Fourth st_; one
tenant.
D.00O— Etore property cr. Ninth «., near Mar-
«.-t; very ch»ap.
Ss.OOG— Rents JTC; ntw f.at* near Van Ness ave.
j: 00— Pvs* ?-.: three Bats; rents SGO.
H,«*0 — F<~ur *->garit Cars cf * rooms each
r*mU JW.
>— Mi*s:;r. fiats: rents $310 annually near
Twenty-fourth at.
SI. a*— Store and flat; n-«r Union Iron Works-
rents Sm.
SZ. SO— Cozy S-rocm ccttag- on Castro rt.
::.»»- Rents J*S; Vallejo «t.; worth $£.00.
-V M. SPnCK^ & CO.. <C7 MARKET FT.
HOUSE for «a!e — Ten roorn« and two bath*
.umace. eiectric lights. ,; Mi completely car-
med; on Pre*ldin^fc-ights: marine view; lot
MSt&xlOO: boose ar.d carpets cne year old;
trie- «?-iOO. Apply 211 Srruce St.. between Sac-
ianwi.i and Clay.
nOIX.T Park Trac'. lota 4S. 48. OT. '.n block «,
b»t. I-a'jrel and South ave.: the best in the
tract: peremptory order tn sell; submit cfTer.
-tf.-J.--QCKX.BI California et.
|1S.O«-CORXEK 'ct. i'50xl2fl; new buildirur.
proc.rj- end bar. stcck anj £iture?: en end
c; car Ur.e: clearing SZK rno. Box n«. Call.
FOR PAL£-J>--0<> eottage; 4 room*; lot 30x70.
4 'Th.-jrcit ;«ne. near Slxt«^enth st.
U'JDEK.N houses built ;lotreft pries :plans and
*«tln~.ates furr.ished. Campbell. 1147 Mission.
MISSION cotSagt; r.ew; 6 rooms, bath; let Xx
' : '~': S'X?: t"-ry t- «-jit buver. 41^ Kmmr st.
REAL ESTATE COIATRV For s»«Je
ACCURATE pqiocal fcnowjefire— each of the
: "-0 ranches en rr.y FALE ar.d EXCHANGE
list. Mnr* than al! oth*r aeents in this citv.
N. P. SICKLES, the land agent. 6 <Jeary «.
TOR PALE OR RENT -Fine fruit, f^aln arid
stock ranch, SN acres, near bay. Address
If. r» . box ZZ<$. Call office.
CITV property xnd farms sold or exchanged:
::r-ts rr-e. M^ricn Grtrrn. Tl? Market, rm. 1.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
•-P- r <>M ccttare; t-t 2SzI2> feet: street work
?.!! done: cr.'y 2 blocks from station; price
f- ¦••'•: t^rms to eu't. Take Berkeley train, zet
• S a: Lorfa »r.i in<ju'.re for RUDOLPH PKR-
KSXS & LTON.
' ---~ rrttagv; high buemcnt: lot 4"xl00
feet; only 2 blocks from the station; price
rrx. ; RM <-a 5 h and tlO por month. Take
Dexketer train, pet off at Lorin and inquire
t tt J.UDOLPIL PERKINS & LTON.
ALTA Fl'STA Tn-A.crr— Fan Pablo ave.. I
miles north cf Berkeley; XVA to JC30 per acre:
! *? ISP tD USI each: $5 a month: call for
n:&r*. O. W. HAIGHT. 401 California St.. S.F.
A WEEK'S news for S Ecata— TIM Weekly Call.
:-" r»f»«. ha •nvpper, for Tr;a'.;!r.c. SI i»»r year.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
CFFiCE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
¦ ¦ — v 'A-'!. SS per month: new two-story
dwelling cf 8 roonis; porcelain bath, tiled
sir.k an-! a fine mantel: located on large let In
excellent r,f>tghlK>rhood: clos* to local trains
aad rar Hr.rsi BELDE.V & COOK. Wash-
irjrrnn asd Fourteenth »t*.
J.; I— CM CASH. t~' bt rncnth: mod»rn two-
t ,rv bouse cf ? rooms; just fiz^fh<»d: com-
z'ete In no detail; finely situated en cor-
oer 'ot : cars r-a>* the door. BELDES Sc
Ci.«_K_ TA'a^hin^ton ar.d Fourteenth eta.
rCBXZSEED or unfurnished hocsa of S large
roo=-.s and Lath; sanitary rlumbing; lot 50x
TOO: central location. Apply 533 U<th St.. Oakld.
CHEAPEST aad best in America— TIM Weekly
Cat'., >»6 r^r^^. firt to an» address in the
T'r:t--1 ? r .':t« or Canada one year for $1,
r>r*tar» "^H.
OAKLA5L nOL'SES TO I IZT.
OOOD houses Get list from GEO. \V\ AUS-
TIN ft CO . 10CI Rroadway. Onkland.
oaklavd rminmtB for sale.
AN '.rtrvduetlcn to ycu frcra H. Schellhaas, the
'e-riruT-e oea!«>r. 11th ar.i Franklin. Oakland.
aijmedaIdvertisements..
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
LtABCAXNS in in-.r'^ved and unimproved Ala-
meda real e*ute in all parts cf Alameda on
•i»v t»rrr.«. A!ame<ia Land Company. 1500
P.- ''< ".. A'.PTrfils ; :« Pret «.. ?»n Frandscc.
nOOMS FOIl HOUSEKEEPING.
i'L,AV. 14:1. r.^ar Fillrrsore — I large unfurnished
r ku: i;^;>*r flat; yard; water; rear; rent ST.
FELL. i:i — Larp<» sunny room nicely furnished;
' < a and fcathroora attached.
KTFTH. JTJ— Three furr.:^he<l connecting rooms,
tU: ai?'j s;nc> $4 and J3 p«rr menth.
FOU^IM. j«:«. r*ar— 2 F - ;nr.y rooms for house-
ki<;.r.c: runr.irj? tvat*-r; yarj; $4 2Z per mo.
HAKKI.«ON. 6CJ— I furnished housekeeping
luwu, with ras range; light and sunny.
tlOVTABXi. IZZi—Z or 4 *un&y rooais complete
for hoxiwr V.'^t'inz-
HYIjE. 13*S — 3 mutiny uirfurnishe,i raoma. con-
DPrtinp; marine view; reasonable; parlor fl.xir.
MARKET, opp. Firth— Lance room and kitchen
furnished : fcldinx bed; gas; $ly. ZH Keirny.
MINNA, 2^ — ! or 2 houi<ekeeping rooms, fur-
ni*he<! complete; also sunny double rooms.
ONE la:r» fumy front room, with kitchen at-
tached. Cnntisbed complet* for housekeep'ng:
furr.::ure new; rent S10 per mo«h. App'y at
eho* store. &G Mission St., bet. ~=t an<i Jd sts.
OAK. IIS — Sunny slnjrle rooms, furnished for
%>oti»ekeeT)Jnir: K 50, H and J7 each.
b'FARP-ELL. T42— Suite of a rooms. »16; par-
lors, d; rear «uite. tU: bath and phone.
CLASSIFIED tdverttsessents and subscriptions
received at Call branch of2c\ !200 Fillmore et.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1C06
Valerrcia »t.
ROOMS TO LET Forn. and Infarn.
X^-BIil-"N£tVICK BOOM; U* Sixth— Rooms 25c
to tl per right; $1 25 to $S •?**¦ week, and light
housekeeping; open all ni^ht.
A Ql'IKIT and respectable home for light hou»e-
k>—j.ing: suites Jl< up; bath: telephone. St.
Xuso. McAllister an3 Laguna sis.
rrP-NFTTT ItIS Market 'old No. 13C4)— Fur-
r.'-h«-d rms.. suites, sinrle: also unfurnished.
iTT*?H. "I4— Furniched runsy rooms, «uita or
rtsrfe. 3e p*r ni«ist up: transient.
TT'SH '» 'The Elk) — Changed hands: newly
ren-.vated, nicely turn, ranny rms.. Jl 50 to JT
wwk; "Z-c to tl SC night. MRS. P. RANFT.
CASTRO. Ell— 2 unfurnished rooms: modern;
rent H 11.
CLIFFORD. :<* Ellis, ccr. Mason— Elejrar.t'.y
furrished snr.ny roctcs: price* reasonable.
LIJ.I5. €35. cor. I>arkin— Sunny furnished front
rocm: double folding bed: Welsbach ilehts.
KLLIS. I*£S— 2 Dlcdj furnished sunny, rooms,
with gas. phone and use of piano If required ;
hath: reasonable.
m.LA rlace. 10. oft* Powell, bttween Bush and
Pine — Sunr.y furrished room» with bath: rean.
(iilAND SOt.'THEUN. ewitheast corner Seventh
and Missi<-n sts.— Sunny rooms, en snite cr
s'njdo; la<lie»' parlor; reading -room; elevator.
LAHKlN, "07, near El!t#— Larre room*, single
or *\:lte; newly furnished; r*s; bath; private.
1.A.S PALM AS. ISSO Market et.— Suite of 2 or 3
rms.; private; bath; ein. rras. : board optional.
NEW~~ARLJNGTON. r:5 Market et.— Nicely
furrished rooms, 12 a week up: 35c a day up.
O-FARRELL. SO— Sunny fnrnlrhed rooms and
efflces: ••ievatcr: electrl; llchts; day, wk.. do.
HOSF.DALE Il-'use. S13 and ZZ1 Ellis «t.— Rooms,
right 2C« to tL week $1 25 to $4; open night.
ROYAL House, IX Ell!» «C— Incandescent Ujrht:
f-f ¦. :.r.-r room. trr> V .r.g room acd ladles* par-
lor; rooms. p«r BlKht, 35c to Jl £0; week. $2 to
$S; month. tS to J30; elevator oa ground floor;
r-'.~s with hot tr.l cold water; catha.
ROOMSTOLET — Pars, and I'nlaca.
EACRAMENTO. 1305— Three room«: »eparate
entrance; large yard. Rent $7.
SHERMAN Apartment House. S3 Eighth st.
near Market — Furnished or unfurnished. I
TAYLOR, 611 (Norwood) — Furnished sunny |
suites; also single rooms; privilege of hkpg.
TATLOH Terrace. 2 and 4, bet. Union ar.d Fil-
bert — 2 and 4 ninny rooms; low rent.
TAYLOR. 3l«— Suite of rooms suitable for mar-
ried couple or - gentlemen; also 2 slnsle
rooms; sun all day.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offl>e. 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements ar.d
subscriptions has been established at 1056
Valencia it.
CHEAPEST and test In America— The Weekly
Call. IS rases. s»nt to any addres* in the
United Ptstes or Canada one year for II.
Triage raid.
ROOMS WASTED.
THREE jrectlemen wish permanently 3 well-
furcished rooms with connecting bathroom;
location within Van Ness and Taylor and
Push and O'Farrell sts. Box 44?3. Call office.
ROOMS AND HOARD.
GEARY, 37— Rorn-.!< and board can be obtained
in private family; first-class accommodations;
references.
I ROOM? and board at J2«2 Ban Antonio ave.,
Alameda.
j BOARD and roonis at 415 Fin: ft., near Har-
| risen.
STABLES TO LET.
LARGE etable with 3 stalls; suitable fcr coal-
3-ard: good neighborhood: rent SIP i:i? Turk.
SPECIAL .NOTICES.
I ROOMS papered from $2 50; whitened. Jl up;
I painting done. Hartman Paint Co.. 313 Third.
iBAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO..
¦ «:5 Montgomery St., rooms 9-19; tel. 5580.
CHEAPEST and best in Atnerlca-The Weekly
Call. IB paxes, sent to any adirrss in the.
Vnited Ftates or Canada one year for Jl.
, —
SEWIXG aiACHlXES AXD SUPPLIES.
] ALL kinds bousrht, scld. rented, exchanged: re-
pairing lowest rates; open even. 205 4th st.
EOUGHT, sold, rented, rer^ired: needles and
shuttle*; reduced rates. 143 6th: phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought, sold and repairing guaran-
te-d. Hurio Plamlwk. 191.- Mission, nr. 15th.
STORAGE AXD WAREHOUSES.
BEKHiS Van an<t Storage Co., 722 Mission it.;
Tel. Main 1S4-); Fhipping at cut rates.
WILSON BROS., storage and ir.ovin;; covered
vans. Tenth and Market; phone South 762.
PACIFIC Storage ar.d Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 320 Fillmore st.: phone Jackson ML
TO LEASE.
j TO let— Fine rooms suitable for light manufac-
turing r.urposes. Apply at ill Sansome ft.
TVPEHRITERS AXD SUPPLIES.
! GREAT BARGAINS Tn TYPETVRITERS^We
tell tetter machines for less money than any
house in the city; rentals. $3. The Typewriter
Exchange. L2S California: telephone Main K€.
i ALWAYS bargains tn type-writers: any make.
Write for crlces to L. 4 M. ALEXANDER,
110 Montecmery ft.
XEX type-writer*. t5 down. $3 nion'b. payments.
P.EVALK. 403 Caliro'nia st.
ASSBSSHEXT XOTICES.
j ASSESSMENT notice— Honolulu Plantation
I Company, location of principal place of basi-
nes*. San Francisco. California. Notice Is
\ hereby given that at a me-tine oi the board
cf directors, held on the 22d day xtt August.
\ 13-:o. an assessment No. 1 of one ($1) dollar
- i'er share was levied upon tfce capital stock
cr the corporation, payable immediately in
United States Bold coin to the secretary at
the office of the company. No. 3TT Market St.,
San Francisco. California.
Any stock upon which this assessment shall
retrain unpaid en the 16th day of October,
1500. . -will b« dollniuent. and advertised for
; sale at public auction, and unless payment
. is made befrre will be sold en Thursday, the
1st day of November, 19W, to pay the delln-
! quer.t assessment, together with the costs of
; advertising and expenses of sale.
E. H. EHELDO.V,
Secretary cf Honolulu Plantation Company.
Office Ioe*te<i at No. S27 Market et., San
Frar.cisco, Callfcrnia.
| ASSESSMENT notice— Honolulu Sugar Com-
: pany. location of principal place of business.
Son Francisco. California. Xotice Is hereby
j given that at a meeting cf the board of rtirec-
I tors, held on the 2tl day cf August, 1900, an
; fissessment No. 9 of nine (J3) dollars per
I shu^re was levied upon the capital stock cf
the corxwration. payable Immediately in
United States er>!d coin to the secretary at
; the office of the company. No. 327 Market St.,
i San Francisco, California.
j Any stock upen which this assessment shall
! remain untai-i on the Sth day of October
I l*^. -will be delinquent, and advertised for
' eale at public auction, and unless payment is
i made before will b* sold on THURSDAY,
the 21A day of October. UOQ, to pay the de-
; lln-juer.t assessment, toeether with the costo
I cf aivertisine ar.i expenses of sale.
E. H. SHELDON,
Secretary cf Honolulu Sugar Company.
Office located at No. 227 Market et., San
Francisco. California.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
j DIVIDEND Nctlcfr^Dlvrdend No. W3 (fifty
I cents per share) of the Oceanic SteamshiL
Company, will b« payable at the office of the
company. SZl Mark»t St.. en and after Mon-
day, October 1. l>00. Transfer books close
ca Tuesday. September 25. 1900. at S o"ciock
P. Hi. E. IL SHELDON. Secretary.
MABBIAGE LICENSEE.
The following marriage licenses were Issued
I yesterday:
i Lemuel Tillotson. £2. 123 Clipper street and
! Emma K. Hermann. 41. 13 Clipper street,
j Jean C. Grousset. 4>, Vaiona, Cal., and Maria
A. Blot, 42. Valona, Cal.
John B. Doyle. 21, 1310 Page street, and Cath-
I arine E. Stephens, IS, 547 Page street.
I Allen H. English. 36. 10C»Vi Market street.
¦ and Helma A. Spancenberg. 36, 574 Mission st.
Vencenxa de Candia. 34. 1001 Battery street,
i and Vlncenzina Dentone. 2. 109 Vallejo street.
BIBTHS— HABfflABES— DEATHSL
Eirth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail -mill not be inserted. They mutt be handed
I in at either of the publication offices and be
; Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
; sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
| COMTE— In this city, September IS, 1500, to the
j wife of A. Comte Jr.. a daughter,
i DOBRZENSKY— In Newman, September 2S,
| IS.-:-, to the wife of Leopold Dobrzensky, a
j ML
! HALL— In this city, September 17, 1300, to the
wife of H. C. Hall of Menlo Park, a daugh-
i tor.
I LAXE-Ia this city, September 2*. 1900, to the
wife cf George W. Lane, a. son.
MARBLED.
I HIXSON— TACKETT— In Oakland. September
27, IS"), by the Rev. John A. B. Wilson of
San Francisco, Wilbur Fish Hlxson of S*.n
Francisco and Ella Virginia Tackett of
French Corral. Nevada County.
| LEX— LUNKLET— In this city. September 25
| 1S0C. by the Rev. J. M. Buehler. Anton Lex
i and Emily Lunkley.
j LUTTICKEN-DUNZWEILER-In this city,
j September 58. K.00. by the Rev. J. H. Schroe-
! <ler. Charles J. Lutticken and Ida C. Duai-
wtiler.
— DIED.
Adam!. Christooh Johnson. Harry P.
Bonquois, Emily A. Kelly, Mrs. Catherine
r.rown, Isabell C Kelly, Mary
Byrne, Annie Kelly. Mary
Callan. Justine D. Lenny. Madaline V.
<'ampbcll, Frank Mahe. Joeephine
Ocena. William J. Mocre, John K.
Cock. Margaret F. PJnkham. George C.
Eisen, I'eier Robinson. Sophia A.
Frost. John H. Tledemann. Mrs. K.
Cilmore. Thomas Totman. Jeremy R.
Hurley. Patrick WIencke, Hans
Jackson. John P. Wolters. Madaline L.
ADAMI— In this city, September 25, 1300, Chrls-
tcph Adaml. beloved husband of the late Su-
sanna Adaml, and father of Wenzel, John
Conrad. Katie and Christine Adaml. a native
of Niederwelsel, Germany, aged 70 years 7
menths and 5 days. A member of Hessen
Benevolent Society.
CTKrienda and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
II. F. Suhr & Co., U37 Mission street, be-
tween Seventh and Eighth. Interment I. O.
O. F. Cemetery.
BONQUOIS— In thl» city. September 27, 1900
Emily A., dearly beloved wife of S. Oscar
Bcnquoie, youngest daughter of Catherine
Dugan, and sister cf Hugh B. Dugan, Mrs.
A. J. Scandrett and Mrs. O. O. Abrahamsen,
a. native of San Francisco.
E^Friends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral to-morrow (Saturday), at
8 30 o'clock. Irom her late residence, 628 Har-
rison street, thence to St. Brendan's Church,
where a eoJemn requiem mass will be cele-
brated for tfce repose of her soul, commenc-
ing -at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Crosa Ceme-
tery.
BROWN— la East Oakland, September 27. 1900,
Isabel! C. Brown, mother cf George and
! William Brown. Mrs. J. H. Kruse and Mrs.
C Boyer. a native of England, aged SI years.
BYRN'E— la Eaa Jose, September It, 1300. at
YMmv J\TJmimmiimummiitmMSM6iSwim at the Crystal Baths.
Recommended by physicians. Water always
clean and warm. Tub department best In city.*
Robert B. J. Giles, the barber arrested
for. illegal registration on complaint ot
Registrar Walsh,. appeared before Judge
Fritz yesterday morning. He was in
structed as to his rights and the case
was continued till Monday.
Giles Instructed in Court.
Judge Bahrs has granted the petition of
Edmund Samuel Caprlco, permitting him
to adopt Irene Cecile Iceland and John F.
Lacaste Jr. as his children. Papers of
adoption were subsequently filed.
Adopted Two Children.
Detectives Cody and Gibson testified a«
to having received McGlade at the ferry
after his arrest. Former Chief of Police
Lees will testify this morning. The prose
cution will close to-day and the defense
open.
. Joseph Beler of the firm of Belr & Reg
ensberger was the first witness of the
day.' He testified that he was in his office
when Radomsky was paid the money on
the orders he alleged McGlade gave him
He knew nothing further about the case
J. B. Mclntyre. who bound the books
from which the slips were taken and filled
out as orders, identified his hajidtwork
and stated that such slips went to the
office of the Superintendent of Streets.
• M. M. Regensberger was called to the
stand to testify as to the modus operandl
which preceded the payment of money by
his firm on warrants. Charles Trull Iden
tified one of McGlade's signatures which
was being used as an exemplar for pur
poses of comparison. Theodore Kytka
testified that in his opinion the signature"
on the orders on which the money was
paid to Radomsky were those of the de
fendant.
Radomsky was placed upon the stand
again yesterday afternoon. He adhered
to his second statement, testifying that
the order of October 14 was given to him
by fedward McGlade, a brother of the
accused. He said, however, that he knew
Peter McGlade received the money for
the same, as he told him that he would
get the money from a woman and pay it
back. Subsequently the witness "said the
defendant told him that the woman was
dead. He carried the money received on
the order of October 14, he said, to Ed
ward McGlade. who was waiting at Mat
O'Donnell's saloon. He believed Peter
McGlade received the money, because he
saw him go downstairs with Edward
Radomsky admitted that he was fresh
from an interview with the District At
torney, to whose office the Sheriff took
him. . -V. *
J. R. Radomsky, whose arrest on the
supposed charge of false swearing caused
a mild sensation in the Peter McGlade
trial, was released from custody yester
day by order of Judge Burnett. District
Attorney Bylngton and Judge Burnett
both reached the conclusion that Radom
sky did not deliberately change his state
ment with the object in' view of aiding
the defense, but that his second statement
was intended to correct the first, which
was made when he was unduly excited.
Judge and Prosecution Hold
He Did Not Seek (o
Aid McGlade.
RADOMSKY GIVEN
HIS LIBERTY
Benjamin Ide Wheeler was announced
as the next speaker. His theme was "The
Association Work a Factor in University
Life." President Wheeler paid a splendid
tribute to the work which' the Young
Men's Christian Association is doing in
the University of California. The associ
ation, he said, has inspires students to
work— to worthy, uplifting, moral and in
tellectual work. It is teaching young men
the very essence of right living, which Is
work. "It Is teaching young men to do
the Master's work in the Master's spirit
and by such work they shall see the Mas
ter's light."
Major General Shatter was the next
speaker, and his theme was "Echoes from
the Association Work in the Army." Gen
eral Shafter gave unlimited praise to the
services rendered By the Young Men's
Christian Association In the -war with
Spain. In providing for the physical and
moral wants of thousands of soldiers the
association performed a service for which
the nation should be grateful. In closing
General Shafter said: "The fellows who
are not afraid to acknowledge their God
and who pray before they shoot are hard
men to handle. You may kill them, but
you can't whip them."
"The Association as a Worldwide
Brotherhood of Man" was the themo
chosen by R. H. Chamberlain of Oakland.
He reviewed briefly tne remarkable
growth of the Young Men's Christian As
sociation since Its organization sixty
years ago. It has spread, around the
world, it is In every c-lviilzed land, help
ing, improving, developing young men
mentally, physically and spiritually. It
has prevented the shipwreck. of lives and
has bound young men in a bond of noble
fellowship. •
Rev. F. W. Clampett. D.D., rector of
Trinity Episcopal Church, delivered per
haps the ablest address of the evening.
He was eloquent, logical, persuasive and
brilliant in his plea for the association at
whose board he sat. His subject was
"The Association Work in "Its Develop
ment of the Complete Man." The uhiloau-
The second annual banquet of the
boards of management of the San Fran
cisco and Oakland Young Men's Christian
associations, together with the State com
mittee of California, contributors and
friends, was held last night at the Occi
dental Hotel. The banquet hall presented
a brilliant appearance in its decorations
of the national colors. The after dinner
addresses were timely and eloquent and
were rewarded by frequent and hearty
applause.
R. V. Watt, president of the local asso
ciation, presided and delivered the open-
Ing address, In which he congratulated
the associations upon the splendid work
which they are doing for the young men
of the cities. The Young Men's Christian
Association, he declared Is making mar
velous progress in the worthy field in
which it is engaged. It is encouraging,
ennobling, developing thousands of young
men of the nation.
Second Annual Banquet of
the Young Men's Chris
tian Association.
GLOWING WORDS
FOR THE CAUSE
In our trunk, valise and leather goods
department you will find the best values
and all the new styles in dress suit cases,
traveling sets, ladles' pocketbooks. etc.
Your name stamped in gold letters free of
charge when purchased from Sanborn,
Vail & Co., 741 Market street. -v.V-
Dress Suit Cases.
President Henjamln Ide Wheeler, University
of California; Alexander 'luthrip. E. Kelly,
M.D.. I'.ev. F. W. Clampeti 11. D.. C. B. Per
kins, Major General W. It. Shafter. C. F.
Haker. W. H. H. Hart. V. Q. Hurpee. It. V.
Watt. Judse \V. AV. Morrow. Ilev. S. D. Hut-
Einpiller,. 1>.D.. George V. Steed. Mayor Ph»
Ian. Hoy Baker, A. P. Black, ltev. John A.
B. Wilson. D.IX, Robert Bruce. Wallace Brad
ford, Rev. George C. Adams, D.D., F. A. Web
ster. Captain K. A. White, Dr. A. K. Craw
ford, N\ II. Jarks. Rev. C. H. Hobnrt, Irving;
M. Scntt. C. E. Pomeroy. L. H. Sly. George
Roeth. Oeorge . H. Collins, F. B. Cook, Rev.
H. H. Bell, n.D., Dr. G. E. Brinckerhort. J.
J. Valentine, H. J. McCoy. Dr. H. G. Chappel,
William Balnaves, J. S. Bunnell,' George A.
Mullin, F. XV. Dohrmann, G. A. Mattern. F.
J. Symmes, G. W. Dickie. C. B." Wright, Rev.
W. W. Scudder, J. J. Pflster, George T. Haw
ley, C. R. Dishop. D. Edward Collins, Allen
Pollok, L. G. Myers. S. F. Bufford, R. H.
Chamberlain, C. A: Maydwell. Dr. David Starr
Jordan, president Stanford University; Major
"W. B. Hooper, H. R. Jones. Dr. Henry Gib
bons, W. B. Fry. Judge J. M. Haven. J.
C. Coleman, C. J. Auger, O. S. Orrlck, L. S.
Sherman. O. V. Eaton, George. B. M. Gray,
Captain \V. H. Taylor, C. H. Ham, Dr. Thomas
AddlRon. A. B. Nye. J. Richard Freud. Wil
liam Letts Oliver, ;B.-C. -Wright, A. W. Fos
ter, C. W. Carmany. Judge C. W. Slack. W. M.
Parsons, J. B. Stetson. Edward Coleman. C»P
taln Charles Nelson. Dr. Hartland Law, C. M.
Pm'th. A. B. Forbes, Walter Powell. H. E.
Huntinston, B. A. Becker,- Judtte A. N. Drown,
Dr. F. B. Carpenter, E. S. Plllsbury, H. W.
Baxter, George D. Cooper, I. J. Truman. Cap
tain E. E. Ewlngr.'C. W. Pike. Isaac Pennv,
C. S. Holmes. C. A. Gluns. W. W. Chase, F.
: A. Jacks-on, Cartain J. . G. Levensaler. M.
O'Brien, Robert Bruce. F. E. Miller, A. S.
Johnson, S. Martin. W. M. Cubery, James
Horsburgh. W. F. Whlttier. Dr. W; F. Mc-
Nutt. W. M. Searby, George T. Hawley.
phy of energy and the philosophy of ex
pansion, he said, had been brilliantly de
fended. He wished to show that the
Young Men's Christian Association in its
work and in Its ideals seeks a completion,
a salvation of man here and now. In
energy and in expansion we have the im
plements for the creation of the com
plete man— complete physically, mentally,
morally and spiritually.
General Secretary McCoy then gave a
brief review of the life of the Younr?
Men's Christian Association; N. H.
Jacks of Oakland told what. his association
Is doing, and one of the most successful
banquets of the association came to an
end. Among those to whom Invitations
were sent and most- of whom were pres
ent were the following:
w"TS e , omens< " he saId » " a11 Point toward
McKlnley's re-election. That Is at least
what - I glean from my observations
throughout the country. Illinois will as
suredly go Republican. So I think will
the States of tne Pacific.
w. J. Lloyd of Chicago, assistant su
perintendent of the first district of the
Western Union Telegraph Company, is
here' on a visit, accompanied by Mrs.
Llovd. Mr. Lloyd's trip !s In the nature
of- a vacation, and he intends to spend
some time on the ccast.
Union Official, Confident of
Republican Success.
"W. J. Floyd, a Prominent Western
DECLABES ALL SIGNS
POINT TO McKIUXETi:
Frank L». ' Coombs, candidate for Con
gress in the First District, will speak at
Downieville on Saturday night. 8. D.
Woods, candidate for Congress In the
Second District, will speak at Sonora, and
Congressman Needham will speak at
Randsburg.
S. M. Shortrldge will address a meeting
at Santa Barbara on Saturday night. D
E. McKInlay and Judge Benson of Oregon
will be the speakers at the rally at Mar
tinez. Judson Brusle and .E. O. Larkin
will speak at Chino.
The second great rally for San Fran
cisco will be held to-night at Metropolitan
Temple. Governor Gage will be the or
ator of the evening. His subject will be
"Imperialism and Militarism."' Colonel
George Stone, chairman of the State Cen
tral Committee, will preside.
The San Rafael Republicans will hold
their opening rally to-morrow nicrht at
the San Rafael Opera-house. Senator
George C. Perkins will be the speaker.
Special trains will run from Sausallto and
Mill Valley and bands of music and fire
works will enliven the occasion. E. B.
Martinelll. chairman of, the Marin County
Central Committee, was In San Francisco
yesterday completing arrangements for
the rally. - r
Republicans throughout the State are
preparing for enthusiastic rallies to-mor
row night. In many towns the rallies •will
open the campaign, and from all of them
come reports that promise large attend
ance.
There is no law or established custom
that the Collector must be a resident of
San Francisco. , When Senator Seara was
appointed his home was in Marin County.
Timothy Guy Phelps. at the time of his
appointment, was a resident of San Mateo
County. Thomas Shannon, John H. Wise
and J. S. Hager were residents of San
Francisco. - .
GOVERNOR GAGE THE SPEAKER.
Second Bally of Campaign Is to Be
Held. To-Night.
There are ten or twelve applicants for
the office of Collector of the Port of San
Francisco, among them Joseph S. Spear
Jr., John T. Dare and Billy Hamilton.
Major Frank McLaughlin's political and
personal friends say that the position
should be offered to the major. Billy
Hamilton is having a petition circulated
for the signatures of merchants and busi
ness men. John T. Dare is In New York,
but he has made his application by wire.
It is the opinion of politicians that Sur
veyor Spear has an advantage over other
aspirants by reason of the personal friend
ship which the President entertains for
him, yet it seems to be understood that
Senators Bard and Perkins will consider
all the recommendations and that who
ever they jointly recommend will receive
the appointment.
Senators Bard and Perkins
Will Recommend a Man
for the Place.
APPLICATIONS
FOR POSITION
OF COLLECTOR
"Business activity Is so manifest
throughout the country that the Republi
can platform is bound to have the support
of the people.
"Of course the strike may affect the re
sult somewhat. It is hard to estimate just
how much, but put all the drawbacks to
gether and you have no very convincing
argument against the present administra
tion."
and central police station should be lo
cated and passing a new ordinance as
signing them to the Hall of Justice. That
would prevent the change from being
made till next Tuesday at the earliest.
The Mayor Kent the following letter to
Judge Cabaniss:
Judfre C3eoree H. Cabaniss. City Hall. City-
Dear Judge: There Is a clash of authority in
the matter of the assignment of rooms, which
will no doubt be satisfactorily explained to
you by the Inclosed letter, which I have writ
ten to the departments of the city govern
ment. The Board of Supervisors will take ac
tion next Monday, and until, that time there is
no authority in any department to move Its
quarters. I regret you did not refer your dis
pute to me, as there must be an arbiter in
matters of this kind to avert friction between
the several departments and to preserve au
thority where it belongs. The authority for
asslKnment is in the Board of Supervisors,
which has not acted in the premises as yet.
You will please respect this order, by which
you wiil ?ee the propriety of occupying your
own or Judpp Mogan's room until other assign
ment is legallj and properly made. Yours
truly, JAMES D. PHELAN, Mayor.
September 27, 1900.
The "inclosed letter" referred to by the
Mayor contains the following:
It la expected that next week the new Hall
Meantime the Chief had not been Idle.
The Mayor sent for him as soon as he
reached his office, but he happened to be
at the big tire, and word was sent to him
that the Mayor wanted to see him at
once. He called upon the Mayor, and
after stating his position the Mayor
agreed with him, but pointed out that
none of the courtrooms in the Hall of Jus
tice could be occupied till the Board of
Supervisors took action at their meeting
Monday by rescinding the ordinance des
ignating where the courts. City Prison
five defendants, two waiters and three
sailors charged with disturbing the peace,
were made to promise that they would go
with the Judge to the Hall of Justice and
not attempt to escape. They were re
leased on their own recognizance on that
promise and they left the courtroom with
the Judge and his clerk. They all board
ed a McAllister street car and the Judge
paid their fares. Arriving at the Hall of
Justice with the five defendants and hla
clerk, the Judge found several witnesses
waiting in other caseS that had been set
for trial there. Before opening court the
Judge had to write out the complaints,
and then he ascended the b^hch and soon
disposed of the cases.
TREMENDOUS ROW BETWEEN POLICE JUDGE CABANISS AND
CHIEF SULLIVAN REGARDING THE COURT'S REMOVAL IS AGI
TATING OFFICIALDOM AT THE HALL.
Chief Sullivan said he had no criticism
to make of Judge Cabaniss' actions. "The
Mayor has indorsed the position I took."
said the Chief, "and that is all I care for.
I have nothing but the kindliest feelings
for the Judge, who is honest, straight
forward and capable, but erratic. He will
get over that in time. It is nothing but
a flash in the pan. He wanted the prison
ers taken to the Hall of Justice and I de
clined, and that was all there was to It.
I had no reason to object to Judges Fritz
or Cabaniss holding court there, as there
wore no prisoners required to be trans
ferred fro mthe prison. I am of the opin
ion that the proceedings of these two
Judges there are illegal, but I may be
wrong. The thing is all over now as far
as I am concerned, nnd I don't care to say
anything more about It. We will not open
in the Hall of Justice till the middle of
next week, but on Sunday the California
street station will be closed and the of
ficers will report at the Hall of Justice, as
we don't want to Incur another month's
rent."
'•The Chief has been telling everybody
that everything would be transferred to
the Han of Justice by Sunday, so that we
could all hold court there Monday, and
we have all been continuing cases till
then, notifying the witnesses and attor
neys to be at the Hall of Justice on that
day. I shall write the Mayor and notify
him that I will hold court In Judge Mo
gan's courtroom to-morrow, but I will
point out to him that In the matter be
tween the Chief and myself there was no
occasion to call upon him or any one else
to be arbiter. The Chief has several pa
trol wagons and 550 men, and there could
not be much inconvenience in placing a
few prisoners in one of the wagons along
with two officers and taking them to the
Hall of Justice." ¦.
"I will bow to the will of the Mayor, as
his authority is superior to mine and hla
note is a courteous one. But I still re
fuse to recognize the authority of the man
of fuss and feathers who declined to al
low my bailiffs to be in my court to-day.
Two bailiffs are assigned to my court by
the charter, and I consider they are un
der my direction and not his. I want him
to understand I am not responsible to
him for my actions, but if I do wrong as
a Judge there Ik a proper tribunal to try
me. He raised no objection to Judge
Fritz or myself holding court in the Hall
of Justice previous to yesterday, and It
shduld not have been necessary for the
Mayer to show him what he should have
known.
of Justice will be ready for occupancy. Th«
Board of Supervisors, which is invested with
this authority, will assign rooms to the various
departments affected by the change, both In
the Hall of Justice and in the City Hall. By
resolution No. 877, passed at its meeting Sep
tember 24, the board directed Us building com
mittee to make assignments and submit its
report for confirmation, which will come- up be
fore the Koard of Supervisors for considera
tion on Monday next, October 1, and all ques
tions will at that time be decided.
The Judge, on receipt of the Mayor's
letter with inclosure, said:
After Consultation With Chief Sullivan His Honor Notifies
the Court That the Hall of Justice Cannot Be
Occupied Till Action Is Taken by the Supervisors.
THE clash of authority between
Chief Sulliv- and Judge Ca-
baniss, which had a threatening
aspect yesterday morning, has
been settled through the interven
tion of Mayor Phelan. and the Judsje, al
though bowing to the will of the Mayor,
still breathes defiance against the Chief.
True to his promise, the Judge held court
in the new Hall of Justice yesterday
morning, but his doinpr so was not •with
out its humorous features.
The Judge sat In his old courtroom to
dispose of the "drunks" assigned to him.
Bailiffs Carmichael and Fleming were in
attendance, and the Judge asked them if
they had received any orders not to ko
to the new courtroom. They replied in
the affirmative, and the Judge said he
would not place them in an invidious po
sition by insisting on his authority to
compel them to go with him. He had the
felony case of R. B. J. Giles, charged with
illegal registration, and six misdemeanor
cases on his morning calendar. The fel
ony case he transferred to Judge FritCs
court, one of the misdemanor defendants
was out on £C0 cash bail and the other
PANSY LAWRENCE
STILL WORRIED
Judcre Trcutt Disbelieves
Her Story of a Mock
Marriage.
More Testimony Will Be Produced
but Court Intimates That It
Will Refuse to Annul
Decree.
Sir*. Pansy I.nwrcnce, the daughter of
Officer HaprgeTt. must seek more witnesses
in prove that the married Frank I.aw
rence in Jeet at San Rafael last July.
Failirg in this $•:'«> must remain bis lawful,
wedded wife, thongb the matnmonial joke
is !.. irii.s heavily on her nerves and. ac
rordlnc to her counsel, threatens to pros
trate her.
Pansy' i efforts to free herself from
Frar.k Lawrence are confronted with
many obstacles. Her case was taken up
for bearing by Judge SeaweU last week.
partly heard and continued. The day fol
lowing the bearing a lady who was inter
.^T(<1 In the «:<so sought Judpe Scawell
arsd poured oat lirr views v.-ith such disre
gard for the richt of th" court to remain
unbiaa d that Judge Beawell called upon
Judge Troutt (o determine the merits of
Pansy appeared before Judge Troutt
yesterday and told her story. Ph" sa!d
i.h> started frnm this city with Frank
Lawrence ostensibly to go to a picnic at
Novato. They were accompanied by a
gentleman airi his wife. Instead of pointr
to JCovatO. they went to San Rafael. There
Lawrence proposed that they get married,
•v.ist for fun." She agreed, their marriage
¦was Eoleronized and they returned to ihe
city.
Tt.yi days later Pansy said she told her
mother of her marriage. Her mother was
at first licensed at her action, but later
:rird to influence her to live with Law
ririrp. She thought the matter over and
decided to sue for a decree annulling htr
marriage..
Tfcom:is Kennedy was called to the
(¦ta!:d to corroborate Pansy. The best he
could do. however, was to state that he
met Lawrence a few days prior to his
marriape and Lawrence told him "h»» was
poing to put up a job on Pansy." He be
lieved it referral To the marriage
"It is plain to me that there is no
-pround h*>re for an annulment of this
*rnnrr!ace." sai.l thy court. "Without <x
pressirg my views la stronger language.
. it i* paipaMe that the plaintiff here duly
spt>r*-ciate<l the fact that she was lawfully
married ami only concluded to repudiate
h«-r union after ehe had made her mar
riapc known to her mother."
Pansy's attorney pleads for further
Tim" in which to |TP?«rit additional proofs,
pnd although Judtr«- Troutt intimated that
It would Ira US4 less he ordered a continu
ance until Monday.
COUNT FESTETICS
WILL ANSWER
Counsel Prepare Pleadings
to Join Issues in the
Divorce Suit.
They Have Been Mailed to Austria
for the Sig^iature of Defend
ant—His Demurrer on
4 Record.
Rudolph. Count Festetics de Tolna, Is j
1 back in hl» Austrian home and within the
: next few days, sitting by his own fireside. !
! hr- will siRii the anrwer to the action for j
1 divorce recently instituted by Ella. Count- !
i tss Festetios de Tolna. Countess Festet
i ics anxiously awaits the return of the
' summons to her titled husband, and with j
| her the world speculates as to what his i
! defense will be. Attorneys Loewy & j
I Gutcch of this city have prepared Count j
i Kesteti«-s" answer. Its contents th<^y re-
I fuse to make public at this time, but as j
j it has never been intimated that Count .
j Festetics will come here to oppose his •
; wife"s *uit the anpwer will doubtless con- |
' tain a jrc-neral denial of Countess Festet
! ics- allegations. This will join the issuer
1 and tne trial will proceed.
I To obviate the danger of a default be
! ing entered against the titled defendant
B demurrer to the complaint has been in- I
terposed. As the first cause of action ;
Countess Festetics alleges that in April j
] of 1S9S her husband failed away from j
! Singapore and left her behind. Since then
I a year has passed and his failure to re- *
' turn completes his desertion. In the de- I
, m-jrrer it is set forth that Count Festet- i
; ics' desertion of his wife is not a legal
! cause of action.
As a second cause of- action Countess
i Festetios alleges that for more than one
i year last pest her husband has failed to (
, supply her with the common, necessaries ;
! of life. This, the demurrer sets up, i3 not ]
i a legal cause of action.
As a third cause of action Countess Fes- r
! tetics charges her husband with cruelty. ;
i She says he took her from the comforts
of her "home and placed her aboard the j
little yacht Tolna. They sailed away to ¦
the South Seas, circumnavigated the F1- i
i jis and went to the New Hebrides. They
: sailed to Japan and thence to China, to
Horneo, to Colombo. For month" and
months Countess Festeties says she- was
practically a prisoner in the narrow quar-
I ters of the Tolna. Her health began to
: fail her. When they arrived at Singapore
: her mir.d conjured up all the dangers with
'¦ which a farther voyage would be fraught.
' She pleaded with her husband to leave
] the yacht, but he was obdurate. One day
i he sailed away and left her at Singapore
: without money and without friends. Her
j distress she ir.ade known to those at home i
and they hurried to her relief. :
Before the demurrer is disposed of. how- ,
j ever. Count Festetics' answer will have '
been placed among the pleadings in the :
I case. A hearing will immediately follow, i
JUDGE CABANISS RESPECTS
THE WILL OF MAYOR PHELAN
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 28. 1900.
12
Gibson's $1 shirt Is your' bosom friend. They
fit and wear well; try one. 1204 Market at.' V
Nearly 500 emigrants a day are being
shipped by agents of the Government of
Queensland from England to Australia.
For every adult , shipped an agent i gets
$2 50, and for every child. he is paid $125.
Dr. C. C. O'Donnell said last night be-
fore an Immense audience. In part: "Like
Marius weeping over .the ruins of Car-
thage, I Krleve at the wronps under which
this my adopted city is suffering. I can-
not be silent. The voice of nature is
more Dowerful than all ' the appeals of
mere personal ambition. The restriction
act ia about to explro. I am for Congress
from the Fourth Congressional District.
My service is required there." _ .
Big Sale.
Cutlery
Knives and Forks
Coco Handles set 40 ct»
Bone Handles set SO cts
Ebony Handles set SO cts
Knives Only
Best Bone Handles* dot » j.4O
Best Robber Handles, do«
92.SO
Dest Celluloid Handles, dos..
f>3.3«
Best Ivory Handles, dos S6.00
Carving Sets, Stag Handle*.
set 91.OO
Carving; Set, Ivory Handles,
set 4)2.80
Batcher Knife SO cts
Kitchen Knife Sets
"We are Cutting Price*
all to Pieces During Our
Big: Clearance Sale.
Breat American IraDoriiM Tea Co.
2X0 Grant a»«., bet. Butttr and Port.
8K1 Market St.. oro. Powell at.
12 Market st.. June. California,
OUR BRANCH STORES EVKMIWmLR*.
PAINLESS DEliTlSTftY I Jf^l
>*«£, No Plates Required, p^
OUR REMOVABLE BRIDGE TVORIC 13
beautiful and durable. "Warranted li) years.
Our $5 plates tit like a glove.
Our method for painless extracting Is patent-
ed and used by no other dentist on tbs Paciflo
Coast.
PRICE LIST FOR 3O DAY 3 1
Painless Extraction 23«
Removable Bridgework #3.00
Amalgam SOo
Mrs. Dr. R. L. Walsh will attend to the chil-
dren's teeth— painlessly.
815% GEART STREET, between Hyda and
Larkin. Telephone Polk 1135.
PALACE AND
GRAND HOTELS
The best evidence of the popularity of
these hotels can be found In the continued
patronage of those who on some previous
occasion have made them thetr head-
quarters when visiting San Francisco.
Connected by a covered passageway and
operated under one management on the
¦ American and European plan.
DR.MCNULTY.
rvHTSWErX-KNOWrf AND RELIABLE OLD
_l Specialist ojtmBIixkI Poison. <Jonorrh«u,GlHet.
.stricture, Sfinlnal Weakness. Impotence and tbelr
allied murders. Book on Diseases of Men, free.
pv«>ra>yeara>xper'eiice. Term* reasonable. Hour*.
9to.»iUily ;«:*)tn<.:inpv'i;<. Sund.->r".10tn VX C»njml-
tatlon free and sucredly cc nil dent Lit Call oraddress
P. HOSCOE JIpXI'LTT, 31. D.
20 Jj[ Kearny S»t.. Ban Fraucisco. OL
THIS HOUiE
CLOSES EVERY NIGHT
AT 6 O'CLOCK
SAYING SATURDAY.
A lot of right srronrb Overcoats
for big and, little chaps will see
the tight of day for the first
l#*m *" -Onion SquapcAvc
tpO«00
In Young J\l 'in' 's' Sutts we
show natty Tweeds anl Checks
—s'ylish Twcrd?. Andy on know
how R iphael's get up Young
"Men's Clothes, full of snap, full
of vim— the kind of clothes that
young m*n. between the ages of
JJf. and 19, like. They're rtvide
and tailored ri ght—ritihb up to
fashion's fullest requirements.
All new winter 'goods. These
Suits to-da't will cost you
Big 'Un
Number Two.
$1.T9.
This U the big one s that
we offer in the Juvenile
Department to-day at
Of course when we say
Tweed, you know they're
Woolen goodf.. The Suits
are honest $3 60 values.
Can you get anything to
equal a Tweed for wear?
For watness in appear-
ance, for even/ good quali-
fication hnoivn, to Boys'
Clothing, for chaps like we
picture above — those be-
tween the ages of 8 and Id
— Knee Trouser Suits.
Big 'Un
Number One.
Two Big'Uns
Front our , popular Boys'
Department.
From the biggest of big
winter stocks ever shown
in this citii or any city
in THE WIDE, WIDE
WOULD!
'UNS!
Hale's.
Hale's.
A rtTT'.'RTTRTIMTrHTfl,
V to-day /
\ and I
\ tomorrow! /
our beautiful
new store
next
Monday! |
/ moving! \
/ our entire f orce 7 some 400 \
/ people, are moving mer- \
/ chandise from the old store, \
/ opening new goods and \
/ arranging stocks and displays for \
/ the opening! \
J|^6 1 7 i&.^i * * i *%]
:2 5 4 'Set * • jj /
iPj^^ /-I uL