VOLUME LXXXVIII— NO. 84.
Emperor bas decided to remain behind."
WASHINGTON Aug 22 —The Japanese Legation has received a telegram dated August 21 from the Foreign Office
at Toklo giving the following dispatch received yesterday from the Japanese acting Consul General at Shanghai:
"A dispatch received yesterday from a Chinese official at Paoting-Fu shows that by the Empress Dowager's
orders Husi Yung Yl Li Sh;m and Lien Yuen were executed on the 11th, and Yung Lu, who was to have
shared' the same fate 'is now in a Jail of the Judicial department and that the Emperor and the Empress Dow
ager left Peking on the 13th, 'escorted by Tung Fu Slang troops for Wutaishan via Chuchow and Tsechtangkwan.
Kang Ye, It Is further stated, has been appointed commander-ln-chlef of the Wu Wei army, while Princes Tu.an and
Chwang and Tsong Chi Kang Yl and Psui Tung have been ordered to remain at Peking. Another telegram dated
the leth ha. been received here from Paoting-Fu, to the effect that though' the Empress Dowager has left Peking, the
EXECUTED BY ORDER OF THE EMRRESS.
WASHINGTON. Aug 22. — The most important dispatch of the day was not made public by the War Department, but
was the subject of an extended conference at the White House this corning between the President, Secretary
Root and acting Secretary of State Adee. It was from General Chaffee and arrived about the same time as
the casualty list of the Peking fight. It was dated the 18th, and. therefore, was not a reply to the message
of Inquiry sent to General Chaffee by the War Department on Monday night. Still, It answered a number of the
Inquiries contained In that message. It dealt entirely with military operations and conditions. While it cannot be said to
have contained any bad news, and recorded the brilliant success of the American troops, who have borne themselves so
gallantly In the assault on Peking. It contained enough as to the unsettled conditions in China and the prospectof long
ard axduou* work In restoring peace to form the subject for a consultation of fome hours between the President and _is
advisers.
It was hoped In official circles that when General Chaffee should be heard from he would report that the work of
the* American expeditionary force had been accomplished by the rescue of the Ministers and that the blow struck at
the Boxer insurgents by the foreign column had dissipated the revolutionists and left China with hands free to make
her peace with the civilized world. Instead of this, however. General Chaffee had to report an utterly chaotic condition
of affairs and the capture of a capital whence all the heads of Government had fled. There was nothing for the victors
to do but to prevent anarchy by administering on this derelict empire which had fallen into their hands. Therefore
the prospect opened by General Chaffee' s dispatch is that the American contingent of necessity will be detained In
China for some time to come, probably for the whole winter. This will necessitate the hurried completion of prepara
tions that already have been begun to comfortably subsist our army through the severe winter weather which will
aocn close In en Northern China.
OUR TROOPS YET NEEDED IN CHINA.
ItEMEY.
The signal office contributed Its quota to the news in the following dispatch from Major Scrlven, chief signal officer of
the expedition, dated Peking, August 17: "City occupied. All well."
The signal office says that while this dispatch was several days in coming through to Washington there Js reason to be
lieve that the military telegraph line Is now working into the Chinese capital. Some delays are expected at first, as the line
Is eiroply an Insulated wire laid on the ground, there not being enough timber in that region to erect it on poles until lumber
or Iron poles are chipped in. Notice also was received at the department to-day that the Taku-Chefu cable is in working or
der. It Is thought there will soon be a direct and reliable line of wire communication from the War Department to General
Chaffce'B headquarters at Peking.
WASHINGTON. At:g. 22.— The military situation was of as much interest in to-day's developments as was the diplo
matic. Admiral R^mey reported early in the morning, bringing the story of the Peking operations up to the 16th in
Peking and confirming the report of the death of the gallant Captain Iteilly. Almost as important as the Peking
news In this dispatch was the statement that the Boxers are again concentrating around Tientsin, and that last
Sunday morning the Sixth Cavalry, with about 400 English and Japanese troops, had a lively brush with the Boxers
right mik-s outside of Tientsin, when about 100 of the Chinese were killed and five Americans were wounded. It was evident
from Admiral Remey's account of this affair that while the Chinese are In force enough around Tientsin to make consider
able show, they are evidently not In the humor to hotly contest an engagement. The casualty list in this fight seems to In
dicate a sudden and total rout. The text of Admiral Remey's dispatch Is as follows:
CHEFU, Aus. 21 (Taku, Aup. 20).— Dickens' command is landing to-day. Peking 16— All except imperial city cleared of Chinese
trocp«; American troops first to enter Imperial city, have penetrated to the gates of the palace. Captain Reilly, Fifth Artillery, killed
on ;*:tb. On the morning ot tho 19th the Sixth Cavalry and about 400 English and Japanese dispersed about 1000 Boxers eight miles outside
ol Tientsin. About 100 Chinese were killed and five Americans wounded. Chaffee' s losses are six killed, thirty wounded, two days' fighting.
FOUGHT WITH BOXERS NEAR TIENTSIN.
Minister Congers :r.ov<-m°r.ts are uncertain, but It is the disposition of the President, to meet his wishes half way.
There U reason to believe that before Mr. Conger la ordered to return to the United States or proceed to any point, he
will be consulted. Special Commissioner Rockhill has arrived, it is believed, at Nagasaki, and as soon as he reports he
will probably be sent to Peking to assist Mr. Conger, or to relieve him of his duties that tho Minister may obtain rest in
the interest of his health.
Mr. Cor.ger stated that the imperial family and court had pone westward, effectually disposing of the reports that the
Empress Dor.ager or Emperor was still within The forbidden city. His information on this joint is confirmed by the acting
Consul General of Japan at Shanghai, who states in a dispatch, dated August 20, that a Chinese official of Paoting-Fu
announces "that the Emperor and Empress Dowager left Peking on the 13th, escorted by Tung Fu Slang 1 ? troops for W'u
taiFhan, via Chuchow and Tsoshlngkwan." t'nder date of August 16. he wired that advices from Paoting-Fu were to
the effect that the Emperor had decided to remain in Peking. Before the Empress Dowager left she avenged the Vic
tory of the- allies by executing three of the leading members of the Progressive party and imprisoning Yung Lti.
What the allies shall do with the 1000 native Christians who passed through the siege with the foreigners is a question
that will have to be d^tf-rmined. It Is not desired to abandon them to the mercy of the northern people, and they will
probably be grivn transportation to Southern China, where they will stay among the treaty ports. Under her treaties
with foreign governments China specifically guarantees that no person who professes the Christian religion shall be inter
fered with or molested, and she being unable to meet this obligation, the powers will do all they can to extend protection to
r.ativos who are prcfcss<-d Christians.
Mr. Corner's declaration that "no representatives of the Chinese Government are In sight In Peking and condition?
are chaotic."' undoubtedly influenced the President in inserting in the answer to Li Hung Chang to-day the statement
that the United States would, when order was restored, appoint a representative to confer with the representative of the
"responsible and authoritative Government."
PEKING. Auj. 19.— Secretary of State. Washington: The entire rity. •with the exception of the imperial palace, is occupied by
.Tepanese. Ru*yian. British. American. French. It ir \mlnt; apportioned into districts for police supervision. The Chinese army fled. The
imperial family and the court have con» westward, probably to S'.an-Fu, in the province of Shensl. No representatives of the Chinese
Government are In Fight In reking, and the conditions are chaotic. The palace Is expected to be taken Immediately. Many mission
aries have started for home, while others remain in charge of the Christian refugees, numbering about 1000. CONGER.
CALL Bt'REAT'. V.'EIXINGTON HOTEL. WASHINGTON. Aug - 22.— That no responsible governmental authority ex
1f:s In Pckir.g with which the foreign Minister? and allied commanders can deal is shown by the following dispatch, re
ceived by the State Department early this morning from Mlnistc Conger:
LATEST NEWS FROM MINISTER CONGER,
LONDON, Aug. 23, 4 a. m.— "To-day 1500 Americans attacked the Imperial Palace," says a
dispatch to the Morning Post from Peking, dated August 15, "and captured four of the
courts. The American flag is flying over the imperial granary, and the Imperial Bank has
been looted."
Describing events previous to the relief, the Morning Post correspondent cables: "On Au
gust 12 the Tsung li Yamen requested a conference with a view to peace. No armistice was grant
ed, however, and that night we endured the longest fusillade of the whole siege. It lasted twelve
hours. August 13 the Tsung li Yamen begged to be excused from any conference, saying that
the members were too busy. Later they wrote that they had forbidden firing on us, and would
court-martial any who disobeyed. During the evening many shells fell in the legation grounds."
The Daily Chronicle publishes an interview with the Japanese Minister in London, Kato Ta
kaki, which represents him as having! said:
"The Empress is the heart and soul of China. So long as she lives, so long as she remains
in China, whether the supreme power is taken from her or not, she will always be the greatest
force — the one above all others to be reckoned with. The difficulty will be to get any one who can
speak for her. I fear that the influence of Li Hung Chang is now of extremely little weight. The
powers must come to a final understanding quickly. Riots, anarchy, bloodshed and misery through
out China will be the inevitable result of a policy that does not immediately disclose itself. The
Government must be re-established."
The Japanese Envoy expressed his approval of the reported American suggestion regarding
a conference of the powers, and said he believed that satisfactory pecuniary compensation could
be secured if the resources of China were properly developed, despite the fact that her revenues are
pledged.
Field Marshal von Waldersee, according to the Daily Mail's correspondent, expresses the
opinion that his labors in China will be of long duration, "as pacification will be a difficult under
taking."
Three hundred and seventy-five thousand Russian troops are on their way to the Far East by
land and sea or are already there and under orders to embark. This statement is made by the Moscow
correspondent of the Daily Graphic, who adds that mobilization is in progress all over European
Russia, and that there are now at Odessa fourteen steamers chartered to take troops.
According to a St. Petersburg special, a telegram has been received at the Russian capital
from Shanghai announcing t\m departure of Li Hung Chang for Peking.
There Is No Longer Any Doubt That the Emperor and Empress
Dowager Have Fled, and the Chaotic Condition of the
Chinese Government May Be Followed by Anarchy and
Bloodshed Throughout the Empire— Fighting With Boxers
Renewed Outside Tientsin.
AMERICAN TROOPS ATTACK THE IMPERIAL
PALACE AND CAPTURE FOUR OF THE COURTS
UNITED STATES IS WILLING TO
BRING ABOUT PEACE IN CHINA
ON THE EDGE OF THE FORBIDDEN CITY, BOMBARDED BY ALLIES.
THE ABOVE PICTURE TAKEN FROM COLLIER'S WEEKLY SHOWS A CROWD OF CHINESE WATCHING A PARTY OF "FOREIGN DEVILS*
WHO ARE ABOUT TO DEBARK AT THE STEPS SHOWN AT THE RIGHT FROM A BOAT PLYING ON THE CANAL SURROUXDING THE CITY.
Colonel Muse's Successor.
VALLEJO. Aug. 22.— Colonel F\ W. Har
rington has teen detached from . the
marine barracks at Washington, granted
one month's leave of absence and there
after is to report to the commandant of
Mare Island. He will succeed Colonel
Muse in command of the Marine Corps at
Mare Island.
WASHINGTON.' Aug. 22.— Tho following casualty report was tn-dny
received at. the War Department from General Chaffee, via Chefu:
. "PEKIXG, Aug 17.— Casualties !n action August 14:
FOURTEENTH .INFANTRY.
Company E— William Parlc, wounded in hand, slight.
, Company G — John.G. Hauser. sergeant, wounded in hip, moderate; Thomas
M. Higgin. wounded in foot, .slight: August P- Troutman, wounded in leg be
low knee, moderate; Rufus Lawyer, wounded in leg below knee, slight.
-, i Company H— Henry Hopkins, first sergeant, wounded in leg above knee,
slight. '
Company K — Frank L. Whltehead, first sergeant, wounded in leg below
knee, slight; Jesse A. Foulkes, wounded in leg above knee, slight.
BATTERY' F. FIFTH ARTILLERY.
William P. Nanney, woundeVl in chest, serious.
MARINES.'
Captain Smedley t>. Butler, wounded in chest, slight.
Company A— George P. Farral, 'wounded in head, moderate.
Company C — Frank W.' Green, wounded on the hand, moderate.
CASUALTIES IN ACTION AUGUST 15.
The following officers and men were killed:
• Battery F, Fifth Artillery— Captain Henry J. Reilly, morning of 17th.
Company C. Ninth Infantry — Robert E. 'Walsh. ' • ¦
Company .E, Ninth Infantry — James O. Hall. Daniel W. Slmpkins.
Company K, Fourteenth Infantry— Russell T. Elliott.
Company M, Fourteenth 'Infantry— James. C. Wiber.
• WOUNDED. ,"'
Ninth Infantry: Company F— Martin A. Silk, wounded in head, serious.
. Company M— A. Bailey, first sergeant, wounded in arm, slight. |
Company. K— George H. Siemens, wounded In leg below knee, serious.
• Company M — William F. Norton, wounded in. leg below knee, slight.
FOURTEENTH INFANTRY.
Company E— George Fox, sergeant, wounded in hand, slight; - Harvey
Baker, musician, wounded in thigh moderate; "Calvin" P. Titus. ' musician,
wounded in neck, slight; George C. Kuffman, wounded in hip. - ..
; Company G^—Henry'Jr'KylzIa, wounded in chest, serious. . . \ -
Company H— Charlie H. Margon, corporal, wounded in leg below knee,
moderate; Ora F. Tyler, ; GeorgeKing, ; John L. Lynch, wounded in
thigh, slight. • •.-¦-. ...
Company I — Harry L. Dubin. wounded in leg below kneee, slight.
Company L— Thomas Lanker, wounded in chest, serious; Thomas King,
wounded in arm, serious. . .
Company M—WlllamB. Hoffmann, cook, wounded in thigh, moderate;
Henry G. Davies, wounded in leg below knee, serious.
Battery F, Fifth Artillery— Lee Doyle, wounded in hand, slight.
August 16, died of wounds received in action, Edward B. Mitchell, Com
pany L, Fourteenth Infantry.
"CHAFFEE."
William Parle is not found on the rolls; the name is probably intended
for William Earle. . . . .
the Pioneer-Press from Helena, Mont.,
says: The commandant at Fort Harrison
to-day received notice from the War De
partment that the Twenty-fourth Infantry
would sail for the Orient October 1. Part
of the regiment is still in Luzon. It ia
understood that the regiment may be sent
to Chira. A company of the Eighth In
fantry, now at Fort Snelling. will relieve
Company D of the Twenty-fourth at Fort
Harrison.'
CONGRATULATIONS WIRED
TO GENERAL CHAFFEE
WASHINGTON. Aug. 22.-The War De
partment has made public the following:
'"The War Department, Aug. 22. — Gen
eral Chaffee, Peking, via Taku.— The
President Joins me in congratulations
to- you and the officers and men of your
command on the brilliant achievement,
in -which the courage, "fortitude and skill
of the 'American forces in China have
Note Is Cabled Abroad.
satisfied, practically involving permanent
occupation.
A Cabinet officer who discussed the con
tents of the note said that should it de
velop that the present imperial Govern
ment, of which Li Hung Chang apparently
Is the representative, is unable to estab
lish and maintain order, then the powers
would be confronted with the problem of
strengthening the government of the Em
peror. When this Government was , in
possession of the governmental machinery
formerly operated by. the Emperor and
Empress Dowager, further negotiations
would occur relative to the indemnity
which China must pay. Immediately after
the delivery of the note to Minister Wu
it was cabled to representatives of the
United States abroad for presentation to
the Governments to which they are ac
credited. ;
WTLI* SAIIi FOR ORIENT.
'ST.' PAUL, Minn., Aug. 22.— A special' to
Washington. Aug. 22.— The cruiser
New Orleans was reported at the Navy
Department as having arrived at Wusurg,
the port of Shanghai, to-day.
THE NEW 0BL:EANS ARRIVES.
WASHINGTON. Aug. 22.— The War De
partment has prepared the following
sketch of Musician Titus, who, according
to an Associated Press dispatch published
this morning, scaled the wall3 of Pekin?
with a rope by means of which the others
climbed to the top:
Calvin P. Tltu3 enlisted April 5. 1S39. at
Wichita, Kans., aged I3ft years. Th!s waa
his second enlistment, his last service be
ing In Company K. First Vermont Infan
try, from which he ¦was discharged No
vember 2, 1S0S. He was assigned to Cpm
pany E. Fourteenth United States Infan
try." He was born in Vinton. Iowa. A
cablegram from Peking, dated the 17th
inst., shows that he was wounded in the
neck slightly.
WICHITA. Kans., Aug. 22.— Calvin
Titus, who scaled . the walls of Peking,
was a member of the Salvation Army here
for several months. He was related to
Captain Lee, a well-known Salvation
Army officer and an evangelist of somn
note. Titus is a good musician and ho
sang at all of Lee's revival meetings. He
Is a good cornet player and busier also.
SPOKANE. Aug. . 22.— Musician Tltu*
was reared by Evangelist William Lee,
now preaching here. Titus' last letter
said: "The trouble la bad in China, so w«
may have a good time; but this regiment
knows only one way to go— that is for-
RECORD OF MUSICIAN
WHO SCALED THE WALLS
PEKING REPORTED
TO BE BURNING
l\/\ OSCOW, Aug. 23.— A
/ Vl report from St. Pe
tersburg says the Japanese le
gation has received a dispatch
from Peking stating that the
legationers are all liberated,
but that the allied forces are
powerless to quench a ter
rible fire which is making
great inroads in the thickly
built portion of the city. The
soldiers are too fatigued to
master the disastrous flames
threatening the whole capital.
played so prominent a part. While mourn
ing for your comrades, the country Is
proud and grateful for your great success
"ELI HOOT, Secretary of War."
AMERICAN CASUALTIES
IN BATTLES AT PEKING
By Complying With Certaie CoedMoos the CdestSal .Government May
Avoid Permanent OecHpatioin of Territory toy Troops of the Powers.
CALL. BUREAU. WELLINGTON
HOTEL. WASHINGTON, Aug. 22.—
Although the conditions set forth in
the American" memorandum of Au-
gust 12 were not fulfilled and the
powers are compelled to effect the liber
ation of the representatives in Peking by
force of arms, the United States is willing
to use its good offices to bring about peace
for China,- insisting, however, that the
Chinese Government first establish order
in the Chinese capital and throughout the
empire. When this has been accomplished
this Government will be willing to appoint
a representative to -confer with the repre
sentatives of other powers and the author
itative and responsible Government * of
China to carry out the purposes described
in the American note of July 3, addressed
to the powers.
On the authority of a high official of the
administration. whom I saw to-night, the
foregoing may be accepted without re
serve as the gist of a memorandum hand
ed to Wu Ting Fang, the Chinese Minister
to .the United States, by Acting Secretary
of State Adee.
Considered by the Cabinet.
This response was carefully discussed at
the Cabinet meeting yesterday when the
grave question as to the ability of the Im
perial Government to administer affairs in
China was raised. Further advices re
ceived by the State and War departments
to-day convinced the officials of the lnad
visabllity of. calling into question, except
In the most indirect manner, the strength
of the present recognized Government of
China. . ¦ . • '•. ' :
The reply was drafted to-day. during a
conference of more than three hours be
tween the President, Secretary Root and
Acting Secretary Adee at the White
House. Consideration of American in
terests largely influenced the President in
deciding again to place the good offices of,
the United States at the disposal of China.
In his response * to the first appeal cf
Kwang Su the President stated that
should certain conditions, \ which he
named, including the liberation of the
legations, the protection of foreigners and
the restoration of order, be fulfilled, he
believed that "no obstacle will, be found
to exist on the part or the powers to an
amicable settlement of all questions aris
ing out of the recent troubles, and the
friendly good offices of this Government
will with the assistance of other power3
be cheerfully placed at your Majesty's
disposition for that purpose."
Powers Should Withdraw.
It is regarded as Important, If American
interests are to be conserved, that th*e
powers withdraw from China as speedily
as possible. The occupation of Niu
chwang by Russia, the landing of British
troops at Shanghai, the prospect that
troops of other nations will be landed
there and the necessity for keeping for
eign troops in China carry with them
complications of a most dangerous char
acter, with the possibility that the powers
concerned will not be willing to relinquish
their grip on the empire' If their troops
are long retained In her territory.
China must, of course, pay , an indemn
ity, and it is apparent that the indemnity,
if it includes the expense of retaining the
troops for any length' of time, will be
so enormous. that China will never be able
to pay, it. In such case, the powers,.un
able to'collect the sum demanded.- would
in' all probability announce -that they pro
posed to remain on Chinese soil until
PRICE FITE CENTS.
SAN FRANCISCO, THURSDAY, AUGUST 23, 1900.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.Central Dining-rooms, 24 and 26 Ellis, re
opened by J. Bertz. well-known restaurateur.*
- i
MURPHY TO DIRECT THE
CAMPAIGN IN NEW YORK
NEW YORK, Aug. 22.— Former United
States Senator Edward Murphy came to
this city to-day and met Richard Croker
at the Hoffman House. At the. close of
the conference it was announced that Mr.
Murphy will remain here until after the
election. Mr. Murphy said he expects to
co-operate with the State' committee for
the election of Bryan. Mr. Croker gave
out a statement to the effect that he recog
nized Murphy as the actual Democratic
leader of the State. It has been said that
in several days Murphy intends to open
State headquarters independent of tho
Democratic State Committee.
Ex-Senator Murphy made a statement
to-night in the course of which he said:
"Up to the present time there has been
absolutely no work done to perfect the
harmony that mTist exist in the Derao
ctatic party in New York State to insure
success at the ensuing election. A.gentle
man, who four years ago left our party,
is to-day on a tour of the Western part
of the State planting the seeds of discon
tent among Democrats. For the "purpose
of frustrating the schemes of this gentle
man and "his associates, all loyal Demo
crats should band together. It is claimed
that Richard Croker is seeking the Stuta
leadership. This is absolutely false."
BRYAN ADDRESSES
MANY AUDIENCES
Democratic Presidential Nominee
Stops at Various Cities on
Route to Topeka.
FALLS CITY. Neb.. Aug. 22.— This has
been a busy day for Mr. Bryan. He may
be said to have begun the day before
yesterday- closed, for it was after 1 o'clock
FRANCE HAS ADVANTAGE ON
IMPORTATION OF CORDIALS
Obtained a Seduction "Under the Com
mercial Treaty Which Others
I^egkcted to Ask For.
"WASHINGTON*. Aug. 22.— The Secre
tary of the Treasury has decided that
certain spirit?, known as "cordials," "li
queurs," "arrack," "absinthe," etc., which
und^r the commercial treaty with France,
eif-r.ed May 13. i>:!*. are admitted Into this
country at a reduction in the customs
duty from $2 2". per proof gallon to 1175,
are not entitled to the same or any privi
l'-tre onder the treaties recently negoti
ated with Portugal. Germany and Italy.
Tir» distinction arises from the fact that
while in the Kngiish version of the French
treaty the "cordials," "liqueurs,** etc., do
not appear, the memoranda and repre
sentations made by this Government at
The time the negotiations were pending
did expressly include them, as did the
Preach version of the treaty itself, so
that it has been held by the courts that
Th<-y were intended to- be included.
On the other hand, the language of the
Portuguese, German and Italian treaties,
which is the same in each, is construed
by the Treasury Department to be lim
ited by the provisions of paragraph 2S9
of the tariff act. which relates solely to
brandies and other spiritous liquors, as
distinguished from paragraph 292, relat
ing to cordials, liqueurs, etc The effect
of this ruling •will be that while France
will have ihe benefit of the very mate
rial reduction of the duties on these arti
clep. the other countries named will not
be on any better footing as relates to
them than they were previously. It is
probable, therefore, that new troa.ties will
nave to be n?potlated which will put the
other countries on the same footing with
France.
PRESIDENT SANCLEMENTE
OF COLOMBIA DISPLACED
Old Aga Benders Him Incapable of
Performing Duties and Dr. Mar
roquin Assumes Ciiage.
Sper-lal CaM? to The Call and New Ycrk Her
al<l. copyright. 1)09, by the HeraM Pub-
lishinj: Company. •
PANAMA. Aupr. 22.— Dr. Szmclemente.
the President of Colombia, being physical
ly and mentally unable to exercise his
duties ap President, his age being 77
yf-arp. his indefinite absence from the
capital or. account of his poor health,
made imi>cF«ib!e the regular progress of
affairs which encouraged and prolonged
tho civil war.
The people of Bopota publicly demanded
that Dr. Marroquin. who was Vice Presi
dent, should assume the rrins of govern
ment. Dr. Marroquin was unable to resist
this popular demand and the unanimous
support of the army ar.d finally decided
to take chsxpe. which he eventually did
on Aueust 1. His assumption of office was
peaceful.
De VrXes Assumes His Duties.
NEW YORK. Aug. 22.-Marion De Vriea
of Stockton. Cal.. who was appointed by
President McKinley a member of the
board of United States appraisers on
June 9 last, assumed the duties of his
office at the Public Stores to-day. Mr.
De Vries took the oatn of office in Wash
ington a day or two ago.
TELEGRAPHIC BREVITIES.
BERLIN. Aug. 22.— Emperor 'William to-day
b^gsn ridlnr in an automobile.
BERLIN. Aue. 22.— Dr. von Holleben. Ger
man Emhaffailor to the United States, has ar
rived at Cassel.
BERLIN. Aug. 22— An anarchist meeting
held in IVrlln to-<*ay was d>rwrsed by the
police, xrho arrested the speaker.
WASHINGTON AiiB. 22.— United State* Con
ful ,F<-e r.t Bombay report* to the State De
partment that cholera is raging there.
BIRMINGHAM. Ergr!an<1, Aug. 23.— Ethel, a
<3auKhf:r of Jost-ph Chamlwrlaln, was married
to-day to Whitmore Richards, a lawyer of Lon
don.
BALTIMORE. An*. 22.— The plant of the
Mciylar.d Telephone Construction Company, in
this* oStv. •was burnc-d xhit morning. The loss
is eftimated at $112,000. • *.; *.«
ATCHISON. Kan.. Axis. 22.— The will of the
lat* Senator Incails wm filed for t>robaxe to
day. It bequeaths to his wife all his property
and appoints ;-,er *o'.e executrix without bond.
AKRON. Ohio. Aug. 2?.— Fire in the Immense
elevator of the American Cereal Company here
to-day <Jj»Tnap!»d the plant 175.000. One hundred
unil flfiy thousand bushels of grain were
ruir.ed. V,;.*'".
LXDNDON. Aur. 22.— C J. Joss, a former
el*rk of Parr's Bank, accused of stealing; about
J300.000 from the bank in January. 1^9, has
i»pen comjr.ittod for trial. He wu caught pass-
'.:c a £j note.
STOCKHOLM, Auc- 22.— Kin* Oscar has for
ir.ally apreM to act an arbitrator of the claims
for oom:*>nEatlr,n for lo«*es sustained by Hrit
lrh and Gerrean subject* and American citi-
rent in Kamoa.
NEW" YORK. Aur. 22.— Miss X&ncy Lelter,
who ha* been spending several montn* with her
elcter. Lady Curron. wife of the Viceroy of
Injla, arrived from Europe to-day on the
Fteamfr Majestic.
WASHINGTON*. Aug. 22.— The peculation of
Philadelphia, accordlne to the count Just com
pleted &t the ct'npus offlci». is 1,293. €37. The
population in 1SJ>O was l.MS.&M. The increase
dunr.g the past ten years was 246,733. or 23.57
per cent.
BELFAST. Aur. ».— The Harbor Commis
sioners to-day entertained the officer* of th*
Ur»te<5 State* cruiser Baltimore at a public
luncheon. Rerpondlnr to the toaxt to hia
health. R«r Admiral Watson Raid he person
ally reJoicKl at th« extreme frlendllnesa be
tween Great Britain end the United States.
the city building is likely to be destroyed.
Officials Escape.
AKRON. Aug. 23, 1 a. m.— All of the of
ficers who have been penned up in the
city building for three hours escaped
through a rear window and ran for their
lives. The mob is now making for the
firemen and as fast as lines of hose are
stretched they are cut.
Arthur E. Sprague has just been car
ried from the street, shot in the head.
A man named Parkstair has been shot in
the legs. It is thought no less than a
dozen people have been wounded in the
midnight attack on the city building.
The mob has now commenced to cut the
electric light wires and these lines are be
ing written by light furnished from the
burning buildings. Thousands of people
are yet gathered in the neighborhod of
the city building. The mob that broke
Into the Standard Hardware Store was
made up mostly of boys, who carried
away hundreds of rifles and much other
property.
A number of people were wounded In
to-night's fearful riot and it may run up
into ti»e hundreds.
Dynamite has been used In front of the
city building. The first charge smashed
all the windows in the city building and
did much other damage. All the prison
ers have been released from the city
prison. The crowd threatens to destroy
the city building with dynamite.' Alonzo
Manchester, fireman, has been seriously
shot In the neck. John Hern has been
shot In the arm.
CLEVELAND. Ohio, Aug. 22.— This
afternoon Sheriff Kelly and Prosecutor
Wannamaker of Summit County arrived
in Cleveland from Akron, with two col
ored prisoners, Louis Peck, accused of
assaulted the little Maas girl, and "Wil
liam Howard, another colored man, ac
cused of a minor offense, w..om the Akron
authorities thought it best to remove from
within reach of the mob. Both were lock
ed up in the county jaii.
Appeal for Aid. /
Mayor Young of Akron has 'called up
the Central Police Station in this city by
telephone and made" an urgent appeal for
help. He requested tnat a squad of
police and an oilicer be quickly sent from
Cleveland to the aid of the Akron authori
ties. Mayor Young stated that the situa
tion was extremely critical as the mob
had the Akron policemen penned up in
a building and were about to set fire to it.
The Mayor also said he had called on
the Eighth Regiment. National Guard
Company, in Akron, but that the captain
had absolutely refused to call his men out.
Central station officers immediately
notified Director of Police Barrett, Chief
of Police Corner and Night Captain Brad
ley, and these three officials at once held
a conference to discuss the advisability
of granting the request. It was under
stood at 2 a. m. that no decision Had yet
been reached.
Cleveland policemen would have the
legal right to do service lit Akron, even if
that city is thirty miles distant, as they
arc officers of the State.
COLUMBUS, Ohio. Aug. 23.— Governor
Nash has received the following appeal
from the Mayor of Akron to quell the riot
in that city:
AKROX. O.. Aug. 23. 12:50 a. m.— To Ills
Kxcellency. Governor Nash. Columbus. - O. :
Serious riot. City building attacked by a mob
of several thousand. Three or four • people
killed, eight or ten seriously wounded. Have
ordered out both local companies. They are
unable to coDe with the situation. Please
sanction -what I have dene by wire and order
one or two companies either from Cleveland or
Canton to come to Akron at once. Call me by
telephone. If you desire further information
wire me at once. -W. E. YOUNG. Mayor.
Governor Nash came to the executive
chamber in the capitol at 1:30 a. m. and
immediately took steps to furnish the Ak
ron authorities assistance. Colonel Pot
ter of the Fourth Ohio, which is now in
camp at Minerva Park, near this city, was
ordered to hold his regiment in readiness
to move on short notice, while the colonel
himself was summoned to a .conference
with the Governor.
DES MOINES, Aug. 22.— Governor Shaw to-night announced the appointment
of Congressman J. P. Dolliver to be United States Senator to fill the vacancy
caused by the death of John H. Gear. The appointment runs to March 4. 1901.
The Legislature does not meet in regular session till 1902, and Dolliver'a appoint
ment is likely to be renewed to run until his successor is elected.
Thomas Faed.
LONDON. Aug. 22.— Thomas Faed. the
artist, is dead. He w*s born in 1^2fi, be
enme a member of the Royal Academy ia
1S64 and retired In 1S33.
PHILADELPHIA. Aug. 22.-Thomns
Green, formerly proprietor of Green '4
Hotel in this city, who was ¦well known
throughout the country, died at his resi
dence here last night.
Thomas Green.
CLEVELAND. Ohio, Aug. 22.— John W.)
Wardwell. widely known as a railroad
manager and for a number of years re
ceiver for the Cleveland. Canton ami
Southern road, died here last night, aged
6S years, from uraemic poisoning-
John W. Wardwell.
DIXON, Aug. 22.— L. Kumle. one of the
oldest pioneer hotel men In the State, dieil
at the residence of his daughter In Suisun
last night. For sixteen years he has been
landlord of the Arcade Hotel at th:s
place. He leaves a widow and nine chil
dren.
L. Kumle, Pioneer Boniface.
WASHINFGTON. Aug. 22.-Carl Rohl
Smith was widely known in art circles in
this country, particularly in Washington
and Chicago. He designed the granite and
bronze statue of General William Tecum
geh Sherman, now in course of erection
in this city, on the south front of thd
Treasury Building.
COPENHAGEN. Aug. 22.— Carl Smita.
the sculptor of Washington. D. C.,» dierl
here to-day of Blight's disease.
Carl Smith.
George Hosmer was about 42 years of
flge. He began to come into prominence
as a handler of the oars in the latter part
of the '70's. and was in his prime in 1883
83. While always regarded as a high-class
ntHn and a formidable contestant, he never
succeeded in coming In first in any nota
ble race. He had been rather on the re
tired list slnce«-lSS6.
George H. Hosmer.
; BOSTON. Aug. 22.— George H. Hosmer.
the famous oarsman. Is dead at the Car
ney Hospital, In this city.
BODY OF MRS. EYRE
ARRIVES IN NEW YORK
Will Be Taken at Once to San Fran
cisco, Where the Deceased For
merly Bssided.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK. Aug. 22.— Amor.sf the pas
sengers on the steamship Majestic. whtc!i
arrived to-day, were R. M. Eyre and Misa
Eyre, bringing with them the body of
their mother. Mrs. Mary Tutt P. Eyre,
who died in Paris early in July- Mrs.
Eyre was the widow of Colonel E. E.
Eyre, for many years In San
Francisco. She was the daughter of Cal
vin Luther Perry of CharlottesviHe. Va.
The body was taken to San Francisco for
interment.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Aug T> —
Mrs. Stanford will erect in the center'of
the inner quadrangle a large statue of
feft ?i n A on a granIte p^^av
Marble Statue of Senator Stanford.
Rallroad Commissioner — George W. Hill An
tlgo.
Chairman of State Central Committee— A. F.
Warden, Waukesha.
Presidential Klectora — First District G W
Stevenson; Second. B. F. Sherman: Third w"
X. Coffland; Fourth. H. J. Mlllman: Fifth"
R. II. O'Meara; Sixth. John Beyer: Seventh'
Stephen Richmond; Eighth. A. C. Voshardt':
Ninth. Amos Holsate;' Tenth. George d!
At Large— A. F. Cothautzen and John Rauch.
State Treasurer — August Bartz. Kail Creek.
Attorney' General — George C Cooper, Superior.
State Superintendent— Homer B. Hubbell,
B.eaver Dam.
Insurance Commissioner— Robert A. Thomp-
MILWAUKEE, Aug. 22.— The Demo
cratic State Convention late to-night com
pleted its labors by nominating the fol
lowing State ticket and ratifying the
electors chosen by the districts:
For Governor— £outs G. Bohmrich. Kenosha.
Lieutenant Governor — Thomas Patterson
Waushara.
Secretary of State— Joseph H. Woodnorth,
this morning when he reached Auburn,
his first stopping place after leaving Lin
coln. Getting a few hours' sleep there,
he was prepared to commence the day
early. He began his speech at Auburn
shortly after 8 o'clock. There he made
an hour's address, and after being driven
rapidly to the depot he was compelled to
wait fifty minutes for a delayed train to
take him to Tecumseh. the next stopping
place. At Tecumseh he spoke briefly, and
after taking a hasty dinner started up a
twenty-two mile drive across the country
to Pawnee.
. At Pawnee, as at Auburn and Tecumseh.
there was a good attendance, as there
was also at the night meeting held at this
point. The day meetings were all held in
the groves of the courthouses of the coun
ties. Rain was threatening in the morn
ing, but the day had not progressed far
when the clouds lifted somewhat, making
the day quite favorable for outdoor gath
erings. The meetings were all held in the
First Congressional District, Mr. Bryan's
old district, and he was accompanied
throughout tho trip by Mr. Berge, the
Democratic candidate for Congress. At
each place Mr. Bryan made an appeal In
Mr. Berge's behalf. The trip from Paw
nee to Fails City was made in a freight
cabocsft behind a special engine.
Mr. Bryan will leave at 2:30 to-morrow
morning for Topeka, reaching that city at
10:30 o'clock.
NOMINATIONS MADE BY
WISCONSIN DEMOCRATS
CAPTAIN HENRY J. REILLY, FIFTH ARTILLERY, U. S. A., KILLED
IN PEKING AUGUST 17.
The official casualty list sent by General Chaffee from Peking on the 17th
inst.. and received at Washington yesterday, confirms the .press reports of
the death of Captain Henry J. Reilly, Battery F, Fifth Artillery. He was
killed on the morning of the day the list was sent off. That this happened
the third day after the entry of the American troops into the city indi
cates that they have had some heavy work even after effecting the relief of
the legations.
Captain Reilly was a brave and highly esteemed officer, who had won hia
promotions by force of merit. Though born in Ireland, he had devoted his
life from his youth to the service of his adopted country. He was born Sep
tember 24. 1S3G. and enlisted in the United States navy in February, 1S63, join
ing the Mississippi squadron at Cairo, 111. He was engaged in running the
batteries at Yicksburg. In the action at Grand Gulf. Miss., in tho first Red
River expedition, and in the final bombardment of Vicksburg until its' sur
render July 4. 1863. He was honorably discharged from the navy in 1864, and
in September of that year enlisted in the Fifth Artillery, to which com
mand he belonged until his death, though at times detached on special and
volunteer service, as in the yellow fever epidemic at the Tortugas, in 1867.
After promotions to corporal and sergeant he was appointed second lieuten
ant December 1. 1S66. and first lieutenant September 18, 1S68. He graduated
with honors from the Artillery School at Fortress Monroe in 1S76, and Jan
uary 3, 1891, was made captain of Battery F, then stationed at the Presidio,
where it remained until the latter part of 1S97, when it was ordered East.
At the opening of the Spanish-American war he was ordered with his bat
tery from Fort Reilly, Kansas, to Fort Hamilton, New York, and later to
Cuba, where he took part in the Santiago campaign. After the close of the
war he returned to Fort Hamilton, where he remained until April, 1899. when
he sailed for the Philippines. In June he was ordered with hia battery to
China, arriving at Taku with the Fourteenth Infantry July 24.
In the advance of the allies to Peking his battery did splendid service and
was mentioned in the dispatches for gallantry at Yangtsun, Hosiwu, Matau
and other points where the Chinese disputed their passage.
It is to be deeply regretted that this gallant officer met his death just
after success crowned the efforts of the expedition in which he bore so impor
tant a part. During his five years' stay with his command at the Presidio 1
Captain Reilly made a great many waVm friends in this city, both in mili
tary and social circles, who will deeply regret his loss. He left a widow who
is now at Fort Hamilton, New York, and four children. His son, Henry J.
Reilly Jr., entered West Point In June last.
for Fowler and. groans for the British up
start—both English and Canadians arc
disgusted with him. I write thus that you
may bring this to the notice of Fowler's
superiors."
COLLIS P. HUNTWGTON'S
WILL NOT MADE PUBLIC
It Is Expected, However, That the
Document Will Be Filed for
, Probate To-Day.
NEW YORK, Aug. 22.— The will of Col
lia P. Huntington. president of the South
ern Pacific Railroad Company, was not
made public yesterday. Charles H. Tweed
general counsel of the company, said last
night that it was hoped to get the instru
ment ready for probating to-day. Mr
Tweed said he did not think there would
be any meeting of the Southern Pacific or
affiliated companies this week.
It is understood in railway circles now
that nothing will be done about electing
a successor to Mr. Huntington until the
return from Europe of James Speyer of
Speyer & Co., financial agents of the sys
tem. *
m
LATEST CASUALTIES
IN THE PHILIPPINES
General MacArthur Continues to Send
to Washington Lists' of Killed
and Wounded.
WASHINGTON. Aug. 22.-kJeneral Mac-
Arthur's latest casualty list Is as follows:
Killed— August 9, Cristlna, Panay, Com
pany A, Nineteenth Infantry, Edward
Baker, Henry W. Ericson.
Wounded— July 24, Santa Fe, Leyte,
Company B, Forty-third Infantry, James
R. Campbell, wounded ' in foot, slight*
June 19, Calivo, Panay, Company A,
Sixth Infantry, Corporal Otto O. Hanson,
wounded In abdomen, slight: May 31. La
munano. Panay. Company L, Eighteenth
Infantry, George L. Borden, wounded in
abdomen, serious; Edward J. Stewart,
wounded in thigh, serious.
BUTLER WILL NOT ATTEND
THE NOTIFICATION
TOPEKA, Kans., Aug. 22.— Chairman
Marion Butler of the Populist National
Committee will not attend the Bryan noti
fication meeting here to-morrow. Vice
Chairman Edminston, it is announced
will preside in his stead. "Mr. Bryan will
arrive from Atchlson at 10:30 to-morrow
morning on the regular Santa Fe train
which will make a brief stop at all sta
tions. The notification meeting- will be
gin promptly at 3 o'clock, and the pro
gramme heretofore announced ' will be
adhered to. ' •_¦¦¦- ,-.-.- : - • - ¦
VON WALDERSEE DINES
WITH VICTOR EMMANUEL
ROME. Aug. 22.— Field Marshal Count
von Waldersee. the German offlce^ who is
going to the Far East in order to take
command of the allied forces in China,
with the officers accompanying him,
breakfasted with King Victor Emmanuel
this morning, after which the field mar-
Ehal went to the Pantheon" and deposited
a wreath on the tomb of King Humbert.
The fit-Id marshal left Rome at 2:30 p. m.
for Naples, where he will embark for
China.
SITUATION CRITICAL
IN YANGTSE VALLEY
NEW YORK, Aug. 22. — The executive
committee of the American Asiatic com
mittee has received the following cable
gram from the American Association of
China at Shanghai, and have forwarded
it to the Secretary of State:
"Situation Yangtse Valley increasingly
critical; military estimate 15,000 troops
needed effectually to protect Shanghai;
urge Government immediately to send
quota."
JAPANESE REPORTED TO
HAVE ENTERED PALACE
ROME, Aug. 22.— Dispatches received
here from Taku under date of August 20
say that according to advices from a
Japanese source, dated August 17, the bat
tle of Peking was then finished and the
Japanese had entered the imperial palace.
The foreign Ministers, with detachments
of the allied troops, were then occupying
the imperial city, the Chinese Princes and
Ministers having retired to Sian-Fu, west
of Peking. ' . .' .-.I
WILL BUILD STOREHOUSES.
SEATTLE, Aug. 22.— The United States
Government will build within the next
four months thirty large storehouses at
Taku, China, for the accommodation of a
vast supply of commissary and other
goods which have been and will be trans
ported to that point for the maintenance
of the American troops. The material for
these warehouses will be purchased by the
quartermaster's department of this city
and shipped to the Orient at an early
date. Advertisements are now out which
Include 513,000 feet of common lumber, with
cash, doors, hardware .and corrugated
iron. Bids will be opened at 11 a. m.
Aucust 25.
The depot quartermaster at Taku is
Captain J. C. Byron, who assisted Captain
Robinson Jr. in dispatching the first four
transports from Puget Sound ports to the
Philippines. _ -
FIGHTING • OUTSIDE TIENTSIN.
LONDON, Aug. 22.— Rear Admiral Bruce
has cabled to the British Admiralty from
Taku. under date of Monday, August 20,
that the allies were fighting the Chinese
outside of Tientsin on Sunday, August 13.
CONSUL . FOWLER PRAISED.
NEW YORK, Aug. 22.— Dr. Leonard has
received a letter from tho Rev. Frederick
Brown from Chefu. in which a high
compliment is paid to Consul Fowler, as
follows:
"Chefu is unsafe and we shall have to
move soon. The place Is full of refugees
and there is only one Consul worth any
thing—Consul Fowler of the United States.
But for him 200 missionaries in this and
ether provinces would have been left to
their fate. On the arrival of ninety-three
refugees to-day three cheers were given
:EPRESENTATIVE J. P. DOLLIVER OF IOWA, WHO HAS BEEN AP
POINTED UNITED STATES SENATOR. «
NEW YORK. Aug. 22.-Now that the at
torneys for Charles F. \V. Neely, formerly
Cuban axront for the Postoffice Depart
ment, bave filed an appeal to the United
State? Supreme Court, and as their client
cannot te taken to Cuba pending the ap
peal, it is learned, from Xeely's petition
icr a writ of habeas corpus, that his
counsel hit swern that he believed the
Cfitted States Government had made ar
rangements for the placing of the peti
tioner on beard an army transport for
immediate transportation to Cuba as soon
a5 ihe necessary order for extradition had
l.een signed and the accused man A-cured
and placed aboard ship. This plan, coun
sel asserted. wa.» to prevent the petitioner
from applying for a \vrit ot haboAs corpus.
United States Attorney Burnett is ab-
F^r.t, but Assistant District Attorney
PIr.tt. when nfked If the report was true,
&aid that the Supreme Court of the Ciiitei
fciaies would convene in October and that
ihe NVely case was at a standstill until
That time. He could neither affirm nor
deny the plan to rush Xeely outside tne
three inlte limit.
Suspects Acquitted.
HAVANA. Aug. 22. — All the persons ac
cused of complicity in the Havana Cus
tom-house frauds were iicquKted to-day.
The president of the court has inserted
in the decision a clause to the effect thai
he thinks four of the accused are gruilty
and these may be taken before the Su
preme Court.
The decision holds with regard to Inac
curate appraisements that it is impossible
to prove that pood* ha\e been wrongly
nppraisc-d where ihe poods cannot be
brouerht Into court. It also asserts that
th^r^ ;p no evidence that the accused in
l«n<ted to defraud.
Alleged There Was a Plot to Place
the Prirojier Aboard a Transport
as Socn as Extradition Pa
pers Were Signed.
HABEAS CORPUS WRIT ASKED
Attorneys Endeavor to Offset
Moves of the Prose
cution.
EFFORT TO
RUSH NEELY
TO HAVANA
Mayor Young Addresses the Mob,
but Is' Unable to Restrain It, ;
and Issues a Call for
the Militia.
AKRON, Ohio, Aug. 23.— At 1 -
o'clock the riot still holds fuK' -
sway In front of the city building. •
in which is located the city prison. -
The mob, composed mostly of boys, -
is still at work. Columbia Hall •
has burned to the ground and the •
city building is on fire. The fire •
department has been called out, bu£ -
is unable to do much work, as one
fireman has been shot already and -
the rowdies cut the hose at every •
opportunity. There is some chance -
of saving the city building. The -
trolley wires and some of the elec- -
trie light and telephone wires In the -
center of the city Jiava been cut. -
There is a rumor that the mob -
intends to seize a freight train and -
go to Cleveland to take Peck from •
the jail there.
COLUMBUS, Ohio. Aug. 22.— Gov- •
ernor Nash has just received a -
telegram from the Sheriff of Sum- ¦
mit County asking for militia, to -
quell the riot at Akron. The famous -
Fourth Regiment ".ill probably be -
sent to the scene of trouble.
CLEVELAND, Aug. 23.— A dls- -
patch from Columbus, Ohio, says: -
The Fourth Rcgimer.t left Blendon, -
a small village a half mile from -
Minerva Park, shortly after 3 ->
o'clock this morning. The rail- -
road assured the Governor that the «
troops would arrive in Akron about -
7 o'clock. -.
AKRON. Ohio, Aug. 22.— Two persons
are known to have been killed, several
maimed, and for hours to-night the streets
of Akron were filled with a wild, uncon
trollable mob. The trouble was the out
come of an unsuccessful attempt to lynch
a~ negro who is charged with a brutal as
sault.
The mob formed, with the Intention of
lynching: Louis Peck, a negro who was ar
rested, to-day charged with having at
tempted to assault Christiana, the 6-year
old daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Theodore
Iviaas. industrious and respectable people,
who live on Perkins Hill.
In the Police Court the prisoner pleaded
guilty and. was bound over to the Common
Fleas Court In ?50u0 bail.
A large crowd gathered about the city
prison to-night at 8:30 o'clock and forced
In the doors. The prison was soon
packed with the mob and the officers of
fered no resistance, as Peck earlier in the
evening had been quietly taken away to
Cleveland.
To satisfy the mob the officers suggest
ed that a committee of six be appointed to
search all the cells and go through every
part of the building. This was done, and*
as the negro was not found a yell was,
"Now for the County Jail. Give us the
'nigger' and we will deal with him."
Rush to the Jail.
A mad rush followed for the jail and
soon the jail was in the hands of the mob.
After going through the private apart
ments of the jail the crowd started to bat
ter down the big iron doors. Deputy Sher
iff Stone stood in front of the prison doors
and made a speech.
He informed the crowd that Peck could
not be found there, and he told the people
in the mob to select a committee and he
would allow the committee to search the
jail from top to bottom. A committee was
quickly selected and the jail was searched,
every cell being entered. Satisfied that
the negro was not there, the mob then
rushed across the street and forced open
the doors of the county courthouse. The
old courthouse was soon packed and all
rooms searched, except the rooms in the
treasury department. A start was made
to tear oft the iron doors of the treasury
department, but the mob decided not to
tackle the Job, and then the thousands of
men and boys again rushed back to the
city prison, crying for the blood of Peck.
The city prison was again surrounded
and hundreds of people forced their way
into the prison for the second time, in
sisting that Peck was there. Mayor
Young at this time appeared at one of
the windows in the upper part of the
building.
He addressed the mob as best he could,
saying that Peck had been taken out of
the prison at 4 o'clock by Sheriff Kelly
and driven out of the city in a closed car
riage. The people in the mob would not
believe the Mayor and continued to yell
and demand that Peck be surrendered. "•
Prison Again Attacked.
At 10 o'clock ihe mob began for the
third time to attack the city prison. Some
one in the crowd began shooting 1 at the
building. This was followed by several
more shots. Tho officers In the building
appeared at the windows and then shot
over the heads of the mob. A man with a
shotgun then fired at the officers.
It is said that several : officers were
wounded. The crowd then began to smash
in the windows of the city building and
tho firing became general. Hundreds of
shots were exchanged and one boy was
carried dead from the street. It is cer
tain that dozens of men were .wounded.
A report' has beenreceived from the city
building that one of the officers had both
legs broken and that another was badly
wounded.
Mayor Young is yet in the building and
is directing a call for the militia. All
the ambulances of the city have been
called out, and the excitement has become
intense. The front of the city building
is a total wreck and the fire bells are
ringing. " . ¦ .
At 10:45 p. m.. Prison-keeper John • E.
Washer came from the city building and
was knocked down by a brick. He was
badly injured about the head and had to
receive medical . attention.
Children Slain.
It is known that. two persons were in
stantly killed and another person is dying
at the city hospital. The dead are: •:
Glen Wade, aged 10 years, shot through
the heart. ¦ ¦'
John M. Davidson'B four-year-old child,
shot dead in a' baby carriage.
Fred Voorwick, aged 25 years, is badly
wounded with buckshot. He lives at 43
North street and 's now dying at the
hospital. • , A man named .; Mull was shot
in the head and also In one of the legs.
It Is certain that many more people wers
wounded.
Shortly after midnight the mob broke
into a hardware store and stole all the
firearms and ammunition they could find,
including guns, rifles and revolvers, and
proceeded to the city building and opened
fire on the defenders, and finally set' fire
to the Columbia. Hall, which adjoins the
city building.
Tho flames are spreading rapidly and
MANY ARE SERIOUSLY INJURED
Rioters Bent on Lynching a
i Negro Who Had Been
Removed.
TWO CHILDREN KILLED
> ... >
Jail Stormed and the
Torch Applied to Ad
jacent Buildings.
OHIO TOWN IN
HANDS OF
A MOB
KRUGER HASS
REPLIED TO
LORD BOBS
Tells the Boers Every Step
Homeward Means a Step
Nearer St. Helena.
MOST NOT LAY DOWN ARMS
British Commander Continues to Be
port Minor Battles and Sends
Fresh Lists of Killed
and Wounded.
LONDON. Aug. 22.— President Kruprer.
according to a dispatch from Lourenzo
Marques to the Daily Express, has Issued
a proclamation counter to the latest
proclamation issued by Lord Roberts.
The Transvaal President says: "It will
help you nothing to lay down your arms
or to leave the commandos. Every step
homeward means a step nearer St. He
lena."
The War Office has received the fol
lowing dispatch from Lord Roberts dated
August 21:
"Lieutenant Colonel Sltwell. reconncit
erinj? near VentersburK. engaged the
Boers. Two British were wounded. Lieu
tenants Spedding, Davenport, Surteea and
Watson and a medical officer and twenty
four men are missing. Hamilton has
crossed the Crocodile River. Paget and
Baden-Powell engaged the commandos
protecting Dewet. August 20. Lieutenant
Flowers and one man were killrd. Lieu
tenant Kirby and six men were wounded."
PRETORIA. Tuesday Aujr. 21.— The trial
of Lieutenant Corua. formerly of the
Transvaal artillery, on charge of being
concerned in the plot to kidnap General
Lord Roberts, was concluded to-day.
The prisoner was found guilty »of all the
counts in the indictment against him. but
sentence was deferred until the findings
of the court shall have been confirmed by
Lord Roberts. Colonel Godfrey, the Judjte.
in summing up in the Cordua case, caused
a sensation by declaring that a violation
of parole was punishable with death. Hia
speech, which dilated on the weakness and
I vagueness of the prisoner's defense, was
listened to with profound interest by the
audience, which was mostly composed of
mfn of Dutch birth. A period of forty
tlve minutes was occupied in considering
the verdict.
TWYFELAAR. Monday, Aujr. 20 —
Through secret intelligence agents, the
British authorities learn that Oenerat
Louis Botha, the Commander-in-chief of
the Boer forces: General Lucas Meyer.
! the commander of the Orange Free State
t forces, and General Schalkbursrer. Vice
President of the Transvaal Republic, with
fcOOG Boers, have asremhled at Machado
dorp (generally understood to be the
headquarters of President Kruger. on the
Pretoria-Delapca Bay Railroad) with the
whole Koer artillery. Including the heavy
pieces formerly at Pretoria.
MET DEATH AT THE
CHINESE CAPITAL
DOLLIVER CHOSEN
TO SUCCEED GEAR
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, AUGUST 23, 1900.
2
THREE LIVES LOST
BY THE CARELESS
USE OF COAL OIL
DENVER, Aue. 22.-Mrs. Ethel
Frisble. wife of F. A. Frlsble, and
her mother, Mrs. M. XV. Deray, liv
ing in Montclair, a suburb of Den
ver, were burned to death to-day
from efforts to kindle a fire with
coal oil.-
Styrma Klimoskl, 7-year-old
daughter of K. KllmoskI, a smelter
employe living at Globevllle, an
other Denver suburb, met the same
fate from the same cause this
afternoon.
FOUR ITALIAN
DUELLISTS KILLED
IN A SINGLE DAY
LONDON. Aug. -3.— The Rome 4
correspondent of the Dally Mall 4
says: During the last few weeks 4
duels have caused a perfect slaugh- 4
ter In Italy. As many as four duel- 4
lists were killed last Saturday. 4
During the last year 2400 duels 4
have beeen fought In Italy and ISO 4
deaths have resulted. Most of these 4
combats were between army of- 4
fleers and based on the most trivial 4
pretexts. 4
¦4
&he j2au's £>ead
If you are suffering with an unnatural
weakness, a contracted or chronic ailment,
place yourself undtr DR. MEYERS &
CO.'S treatment. They will restore you
to health and strength as quickly as la
consistent with a permanent cure. They
never use remedies that leave any In-
jurious effects on the system.
Their methods and appliances have
proved, by thousands of actual tests, to be
superior to all others. Home cures a
specialty.
The remedies used by DR. MEYERS
Co., and which have stood the trying
test of time, are compounded by grad-
uated pharmacists in their own private
laboratory, free to patients.
DR. METERS & CO.. the noted special-
ists, offer many advantages to meni'ni^
are suffering with disease or endangJb'i
by a weakness.
Every member of their staff has had
many years' experience in hospitals ren-
eral practice and as specialists In curtnjr
diseases and weakness of men. Conaulta-
DR. MEYERS & CO.'S great medical in-
stitution is the largest and best equipped
and their, practice the most extensive.
They make a specialty of nervous debil-
ity and the weakness which accompanies
It. Varicocele, Blood Poison. Contracted
Ailments, Diseases of the Kidneys. Blad-
der, etc. Private book for men free at
office or by mall
HI Permanently Cured by the H
¦%.pW. Old Reliable Specialists. |j
%y||f Patients Need Not Fay Till They Are Cored, i
oils dr, Meyers & Co,, 731 ag.1Coroner Cole, following, the custom pre
vailing: in advanced communities, has
adopted a very neat uniform to be worn
by himself and his deputies. In order that
there may be no douDt as to their Identity
or authority. The uniform Is of dark blue
with brass buttons and cap with a cross
In gold lace.
Uniforms for Morgue Attaches.
The Board of Public Works has pre
pared specifications for repairing the' roof
of the City Hall, and bids will be invited
for the performance of the work. If by
April 30, 1901. the roof . shall have been
maintained without leakage two-thirds of
the contract 'price -will ¦ be paid, and if
similarly maintained until June- 15, 1901,
the remainder will be paid.
Will Repair City Hall Roof.
Al Moody, tho jockey, was held ta
answers before the Superior . Court by
Judge Cabaniss yesterday on the charge
of assault to murder for shooting H. S.
Adams on July 4. His bonds were fixed
at $2000. Tuesday he was held in S300J
bonds for shooting Mrs. Lulu Roylance.
Moody Held on Second Charge.
Frank G. Doran, a dispenser of liquid
refreshments in the "Davy Crocket"
saloon, who lives at 232G Mission street, re
ported to the police last night that he was
held up by footpads and robbed. The vic
tim complained that the bold thieves ac
costed Jnim on a lonely street : in . his
neighborhood and he was powerless to
make resistance as he had an English pot
ple in one hand "and a chicken under his
arm. The footpads not finding anything
of valuo on Mr. Doran's person took his
edibles in payment for their trouble. •
Stole Chicken and Pot-Pie.
In accordance with Judpe Daingerfleld's
decision, in the case of the Alta Theater,
formerly tlie Grove street, against the
Hoard of Public Works, the theater has
again opened Its doors.
"Uncle Tom's Cabin Is the attraction
this week. It will be followed by a re
vlva'l of "East L,ynne." The management
promises a line of the best attractions ob
tainable at the new theater.
Grove Street Theater Reopened.
' The will of the late William Scott
Richey, who died at San Luis Oblspo July
31 last, was filed for probate yesterday.
Decedent's estate consisted of real and
personal property in the counties of San
L<ils Oblspo, Santa Barbara, Fresno and
Tulare.
Decedent practically disinherits his
daughters. Mrs. Mary liendrie and Mrs.
Daisy Belle Glnnuth, bequeathing them
but $500 each. The residue of the estate
Is devised in equal shares to decedent's
widow, Mrs. Clara M. Richey, and his
daughter, Clara Aimee Richey.
Mrs. Richey has petitioned the Probate
Court for special letters of administration
upon the estate, averring that property in
San Luis Oblspo needs immediate atten
tion.
William S. Richey'sWill.
OLD-TIME GAMBLER
QUITS GAME OF LIFE
Sporting Man Who Made Fortune in
Flush Days of Yore Passes [in
His Checks.
f _ OSEPH ROBIN'SON STUART, one
I of the best known g-ambiers of early
I days, died yesterday in this city.
J The deceased was a Southerner,
•^ having been born ir. Tennessee, and
came out bore in forty-nine, in ilie Kast
l»o r.-rt been a school teacher, and on blJ
arrival here, soon found iibat he was noi
Btros* enougrb to work as a miner. lift
turned to tfcc first thir.K '.)::it came his
t.jiv" and that was namMlns. and a
CUsller-he was till he died. He often
Zx< us.d his calling: later to friends by
t»ring thx-t in the car!y days gambling
•»•«»< honorable, end to his credit. the Jld
timci? say that he was never known? to
l-c connected with a crooked gambllnR
deal. His word wa« his i.ond. and In the
oJden days he could borrow money
emountlus to lhoupaiuls without even
Srtgninp tils r.nme. his friends having so
xnuc-ii couii<lence in him.
¦Suart waxed lUh a« a gambler, run
riJnjr it !>'r faro e»me up in Virginia City.
He is reported to have had a bank
roll of half a million dollars in cash ac
one time. . Rut he wa* ccr.erous to a
fault, asiu what v.-iOi ;>o1j-.!t:k less fortu
!•;<"• l)i-<?ihren, mii-.irp <ieaifi and trips tu
tiie pamhiin^ room? 1 of t?an KTandsco;
Uttlf dj little hi* fortune dwindled away
from Ji'im. About ten yeais ego he le
t^irnr-d to this city :m«l has !>i'tn a fa
rr.lllar figure pine*; then a»o;iK the .streets.
A peculiar Incident 1? that tho late
Senator Sharon and Btuan were deep
{r^'.^f. and if Is claimed that In Sharon's.
*''mi there was a clause direoilns th.Tt
fjfjan Fhould live at the Palace Hntol
11 he should ever wish it, free, and that
fce should be well looked after.
The deceased passed avray a.t the home
cf his daughter. Mrs. Karris, at ".31 Kills
¦treet, •where .the funeral services will be
JOSEPH ROBINSON STUART.
held on Friday at 10 a. m., thence to
Cypress Lawn.
FINAL ACTION DELAYED
ON CHINA BASIN LEASE
\
Governor Gage Desires Time to Fa
miliarize Himself With the
Questions Involved.
The Board of Harbor Commissioners
did not consider the China Basin lease
at its meeting yesterday, as Governor
Gage has not had time since his return
from the East to familiarize himself with
the questions Involved. It Is expected
that he will be ready to attend a meeting
of the Joint board next Wednesday after
noon for final action on the lease.
The lease will - be carefully revised in
the meanwhile and sent to Attorney Gen
eral Ford for his approval, and will be
presented to the board with the approval
of its attorney, ex-Governor Budd.
Neither Governor Gage nor acting May
or Tobin was present at the meeting yes
terday, a"nd only routine business was
transacted. . & ¦ .'
Ordinance to Prevent Sale of Vegeta
bles Grown Hear Impure
Cesspools. .
Daniel Rlordan's appointment as food
inspector by Health Officer O'Brien was
confirmed by the Board of Health last
night. C. G. Staude was also appointed a
food inspector to take effect September 1.
Drafts of ordinances were adopted for
presentation to the Board of Supervisors
intended to regulate the maintenance ot
slaughter and packing houses and also
to prevent the sale if watercress _ and
other edible vegetables growing near
cesspools or on lands into which any
sewage or Impure matter Is emptied.
Plans for the new Nurses* Home at the
City and County Hospital, to cost $2000,
were filed by Superintendent of Buildings
Barnett and referred to the hospital com
mittee.
The suspension for thirty dnys of Wil
liam Osmers. Interne of the Cooper Medi
cal College at the City and County Hos
pital, for falling to devote all his time tc
his duties and also for exacting money
from alleged public patients at the hospi
tal, was ratified by the board. Dr. Osmers
admitted his violation of tho rules, out
said that the patients were private ones.
HEALTH BOARD APPOINTS
TWO FOOD INSPECTORS
Difference of Five Mills in Rate of
This Year and Last the •
Cause.
The fact that the charter requires the
tax rate to be fixed • in June, while tho
State rate is not made until September,
will cost .this city about $5000. The city
rate has already been placed at $1,127 on
every ?100 of assessed valuation;- The
State Board of Equalization will make
the State rate .498, a total of $1,625. As
the rate last year was $1.63, it will be nec
essary to allow rebates on personal prop
erty taxes already paid.
On every $50 assessnient the Treasurer
will return 1 cent to the taxpayer. Every
rebate in seventeen volumes must be com
puted at a cost of $1000. and the Treas
urer will expend $1500 for clerk hire, sta
tionery and postal cards. To enter the
robate on the books will cost an addi
tional $2500, or a total of $5000 to return
about $1250 to taxpayers.
WILL COST MUCH MONEY
TO RETURN TAX REBATES
"I cannot have her here. She is
bound to have her own way no
matter who she might kill. She
has nearly killed me."
ONE of the most sensational documents Introduced In the Townsend case
was Incorporated yesterday in an affidavit filed by Public Adminis
trator Patrick Boland. It Is an excerpt from a letter written by Mrs.
Almira S. Townsend to her brother-4n-Iaw, Charles C. Crawford, five
days before she died. In this letter Mrs. Townsend wrote most bitterly
against her daughter, Mrs. Ella P. Murray, accusing her of various offenses
and complaining dramatically that sue had come herg without Invitation. Up
on this letter Van R. Paterson based his sensational assertion that Mrs.
Ella F. Murray was responsible for her mother's death. The excerpt from
the epistle Is aa follows:
Dear C: Ella is here. When I got out at 1221 California street
on the eve of the 9th. I found her sitting in the hall. "Well it
shocked me so for a few minutes I was almost breathless. I mailed
a letter on the Oth at 5 o'clock to her, and she was in the Palace
Hotel opposite -when I mailed the letter. You can imagine what an
awful state I was in. She left in a few minutes for the hotel, and
soon after I ¦went to the hotel and had quite a time with her. I told
her she had no right to come without my consent. The next evening
when I called she was all packed to start back. I told her she must
stay for awhile. So she will stay for a month. I cannot have, her
here. She is bound to have her own way no matter who she might
kill. She has nearly killed me. I had to go to the doctor. I was
hardly able to hold my head up and can hardly get around the
house
My God she is crazy I am sure or she would never have done
this thing. She is the most determined of all human beings. I may
have sent you this before. I can't tell, for am writing so much now.
I am so shocked I cannot use ink ¦without defacing all I write you.
Brother Charles, write me a postal if you have my letters. Eliza is
all broke up over Ella's actions. > '
the name of Townsend. I have always
cautioned you against such a folly.
In regard to my coming to California,
it would f ji ;ri great pleasure and a
great honoF'for me to do so, and I
appreciate your kindness and courtesy
very much I assure you. But my
convenience and pleasure Is secondary
to your Interest and the peace of all
the family concerned. I know your
business matters and interests should
bo attended two at once, especially
your Bank accounts In Lowell.
Charlestown, E. Boston and City of
Boston, is of an apparent necessity for
you to attend to at once. Don't leave
those things till it two late.
"You Should Make Your 'Will to
Ella."
My. brother died less than a year ago,
Any private matters write on a sepe
rate leaf for me. In retard T.
¦Letter I should take no notice of it or
him. Whatever his object may be Is
evidently of no good will to you, but
to get a corrispondence with you and
see what you say; don't notice him.
Don't know what Ella will think or
say In regard to It. I can't see that
he can do anything In the matter, even
should he be inclined to do so. Your
divorce from him cuts him off from
any claim. You should never kept
row (Sunday) with Tom' s letter.
Eliza told Ella that you was to send
1 letter and she would bring It out.
Be careful what you write me for
Ella Is Indignant because we do not
bring every letter of yours to her to
read. Write me nothing but what you
want Ella to see, and sign, AI..MIRA —
s The records introduced by the attorneys
for Mrs. Murray were of great import
ance. The first was the document proving
that Thomas T. Townsend had been di
vorced from his second wife on July 24,
1SS0. in this city. The second record was
one in the marriage license records of this
city dated January 24, 1SS3, in which
Thomas T. Townsend applied for a license
to marry his third wife and in which he
swore there was no legal impediment to
his proposed union.
The next document produced by the at
torneys was a copy of the decree of di
vorce granted to Almira S. Townsend from
Thomas T. Townsend by the Supreme Ju
dicial Court of Massachusetts on Novem
l» r 11. 1'3/ij. When that divorce was grant
ed there was a law in Massachusetts for
bidding divorced persons to marry again.
In order not to violate this law Thomas T.
Townsend made an appeal which seems
conclusively to destroy any possible claim,
he might have had to the estate of the
dead woman. On January 16, 1871, he ap
pealed to the Supreme Judicial Court of
Massachusetts for permission to marry i
again. He recited the facts of his divorce ,
from Almira S. Townsend and in that
recital admitted the legality of the decree.
I^e now has the temerity to say that he is
the surviving husband of the dead woman.
Hassett Pleads in Vain for Time.
After a few minor points In the case
were covered the attorneys for Mrs. Mur
ray announced that their case was closed.
Attorney Hassett then renewed his mo
tion for a continuance, asking this time
until September 22, in order that he may
obtain the depositions of witnesses in
Massachusetts. Mr. Hassett said that he
expected to prove by these witnesses that
Mrs. Murray never intended to remain In
this city. The appeal for a continuance
was based, on an affidavit of Public Ad
ministrator Boland. In this affidavit was
the sensational letter of Mrs. Townsend,
written five days before her death. Judge
Dunne refused to grant a continuance,
and the case, as far as ..Irs. Murray's
claim Is concerned, will probably be fin
ished to-day. Thomas T. Townsend dors
not have to present his case imtll the 30th
lnst.
The attorneys for Mrs. Murray have
produced another extremely Interesting
letter which has a bearing on the case.
It is from Charles C. Crawford to Mrs.
Almira S. Townsend, and was written on
May 19. 1900. In this epistle Crawford
urges Mrs. Townsend to make her will at
once in favor of her daughter Ella. The
letter is in full as follows:
E. Boston, 43 Chelsea street, Satur
day, May 19, 1900.
My Dear Sister: Eliza mailed you a
letter this morning, wrote yesterday.
May the 18. I have just received a
letter from you dated May 13. Enclos
ed Thomus Townsend's letter and
stamps. We was going to Ella's to
day (Saturday), but Ella was going
away .to-day so we shall go to-mor-
DRAMATIC INCIDENTS IN LE&AL BATTLE FOR THE TOWNSEND ESTATE.
THE struggle of Mrs. Ella F. Murray.
Public Administrator Boland and
Thornae T. Townsend to secure tt e
f.rst firm grasp on the estate of Mrs.
Almira 8. Townsend is losing none of its
FPDFatlonal interest. The proceedings be
fore Judge Frank H. Dunne yesterday
were replete with exciting Incidents.
which ranged from & threat of punish
ment for contempt to a deliberate accusa
tion of forgery against one of the wlt
r.esses. Ex-Judga J. F. Sullivan, one of
the attorneys for Mrs. Ella F. Murray,
was threatened with punishment for con
tempt if he did not desist from conduct
• •which the court considered unseemly.
A Mrs. Murray was on the stand under
cross-examln&tlon, ar.d added emphasis to
i-tr assertions that San Francisco and not
.Dorchester is her home. She threw somu
cir&nge sida lights on the relations be
tween her mother and herself, and fre
«jaently g^ve evidence that ehe is the pos
sessor of & very vigorous temper and a
enarp tongu«. Subsequent developments
fat the day revealed some remarkable coi»
'tradletions between her picture of tha ro
•Jauons between her mother and herself
sand the outline of thesa relations as Mrs.
¦^Towr&enC drew them.
Mrs. Murray swore that her mother
ffa&d* ber iwear never to leave San Fran
ciBco. and ft telegram from Mrs. Town-
IMiiA to Mrs. Murray announcing that the j
another woeld go to the daughter or the
Cancfctisr must come to the mother Is al
trttL&r tn evidence. Yet five days before
• he &t& Mr*. TcrBraeend wrote that her
iCaxxghzer must ha/re been crazy to come
{2iere as the glfl. &nd that she w&t a
fwonum who would have her own way, no
(tEAtter vrhoa eh© might kill. These re
s&arfcA&l* assertions and contradictions
•develop (KM of the strangest phases of
the case.
CToroisendiaid Mrs. Smith on the Grill
As tar as can be seen the proceedings of
J-eBterday removed Thomas T. Townsend,
the ex-hus^amd of the dead woman, as a
Stxtor In the case. Townsend has been
extremely fortuns.te In not swearing that
be is the surviving husband of Mrs. Town
eend, as If ho had dons 60 he would have
been arrested for perjury. Copies of the
3-eoords ot the Supreme Judicial
Cuurt of Massachusetts produced
yesterday not only showed con
clusively that Mrs. Townsend secured a
divorce regularly, bttt that four years |
later, in 1S74, Thomas T. Townsend, recog- i
. oizing the complete legality of the de- |
f cree. begged the Supreme Judicial Court I
:o permit him to marry again. These
records destroyed completely any founda
tion which Townsend may have had for
a. claim against the estate of his divorced
wife.
As ml^ht have been expected, M. C.
H&ssett, attorney for Public Administra
tor Boland. was very much in evidence,
again acting practically as the attorney
f»jr Townsend. Judge r>unne asked him
if he were acting for any one In addition
to the Public Administrator, but Ha^sett
insisted that he wa» not. He then made
the significant assertion that he is con
vinced that Mrs. Ella F. Murray is the
daughter of Mrs. Townsend. thus remov
liig another complication from the case.
rs'ot the least significant incident of the
day was the appearance of Mrs. Bessie
Tracy Bxnith upon the stand. The lady
v.as extremely cautious, refusing, under
the most persistent questioning, to admit
even her own handwriting. When the
bogus will was shown to her by Attorney
Malt I. Sullivan she "most solemnly
swore" that she had never seen It in her
life before and did not write It. Attorney
Euilivan says that his purpose in ques
tioning Mrs. Smith was to establish a
basis for a charge- of perjury In connec
tion with other criminal accusations which
he intends to make. Judge Dunne re
fused to a: low the alleged will to be Intro
duced as evidence.
Mrs. Toirasend as a Sinrant
When court convened Mrs. EUa K.
Murray resumed her place on the witness
•tare! under the cross-txaminatlon of At
torney Hassett. The Questioner made
«very effort to draw from the witness a
admission that when she left Dor-
A'.ester for this city in July it was her
j-urpose to return. Mrs. Murray em
phatically denied that such had been her
purpose, but Hassett persisted and elicited
certain answers which had an important
besxlnc cpon his contention that Mrs.
Murray really never intended to make
this city the permanent place of her
frbode. In answer to queries she declared
th&t she left Boston on July 5 and arrived
in this city on the afternoon of July i,
Xoicg at once to the Palace Hotel and
later In the evening to her mother's ho.ne
At 1221 California street.
"When you went to your mother's home
that night," asked Hassett, "was ehe at
JiomeT*
"Sh© was not, but she came in later and
I caw and talked with her," was the
reply.
"What did rhe say?" the attorney ask
ed. The question was an Important one
"You do not appear for any one besides
the Public Administrator in this case, do
you, Mr. Hassett?"
"No, sir." was the reply, "but I want
to have the record clear."
"You do not appear for Mr. Townsend,
do your* asked the Judge. : >^'-
There was a suppressed laugh in the
courtroom as Hassett said again: "No,
sir."
After a series of futile questions Mrs.
Smith was excused and the will episode
as far as that court is concerned was
closed. Mrs. Murray's attorneys then pro
ceeded to discuss the standing of Thomas
T. Townsend in the case. Again Attorney
HaEfett objected so eagerly that Judge
Dunne asked:
Townsend's Fatal Appeal.
When the bogus will was presented to
her, however, she gave it a casual glance
and replied quickly: "I never saw that
document In my life before. I most sol
emnly swear that it Is not in my hand
writing."
Attorney Sullivan then sought to Induce
Mrs. Smith to identify her own handwrit
ing, but she positively declined to do so
on the ground that the samples shown to
her had been out of her hands, and she
would not swear positively that they were
hers, although they looked like hers.
Judpe Dunne, however, would not allow
the alleped will to be Introduced In evi r
dence. He declined to permit the attor
neys for Mrs. Murray to establish a basis*
for other proceedings, and Insisted thut
the inquiry be confined to certain well
defined limits.
"If I prove that this alleged will Is a
forgery and this witness is the forger I
submit that the matter is of grave im
portance. We have received what pur
ports to be a will. We believe that It is
bogus and that this woman on the wit
ness stand wrote it. I can prove to an
absolute certainty that the document is
a forgery and that the witness wrote it."
Attorney Sullivan replied:
The next Important witness was Mrs.
Bessie Tracy Smith, the woman around
whom so much of what is of sensational
interest in the case has revolved. Mrs.
Smith was placed upon the witness eland
by Attorney Matt I. Sullivan for the sole
purpose of trying to prove that the will
sent to Miss Rattipan Is a forgery and
thpt Mrs. Smith is the forger. The at
torneys battled long over this attempt.
Attorney Ha=sett resisting it strenuously.
He contended that the only issues in the
case were the relationship of Mrs. Mur
ray to Mrs. Townsend and the question
of the former's residence. Xo will had
been presented nor even suggested, and
a discussion of one could find no place in
court.
Ex-Judge Sullivan arose, apologized
again and said that he would not again
offend In the particular in which the
court found offense. Mrs. Murray's cross
examination was almost ended. A few
minor questions ¦were asked oxid she was
excused.
Mrs. Smith Charged With Forgery.
"Judge. Sullivan, you have frequently
acted this morning In an unseemly man
ner. When I havo called your attention
to the matter you have apologized, but
that does not remedy the matter. If this
thing occurs again I will have to consider
you in contempt of court. Do not try the
patience of the court too far."
These Questions and answers and a
series of others appeared to amuse At
torney J. F. Sullivan greatly and he fre
quently laughed loudly. His actions an
gered Judge Dunne, who said sharply:
"1 have!" the witness replied, almost
shontlngr. "It was my mother's wish that
she should be burled with my daughter."
"You have made preparations to send
your mother's remains to Dorchester,
have you not?" asked the cross-exam
iner.
old woman said that her daughter had
prepared to return the day after her ar
rival, but would stay for a month.
Townsend had written and in which the
"One day I met my mother In the corri
dor of the hotel," said the witness, "and
she took me by the hand, saying: 'I want
you to promise me solemnly never to leave
this city a^ain until I tell you to do so
and that you may go.' I gave her my
solemn promise that I would do so."
"You never packed your effects at the
Palace and prepared to go home, did
you?" asked Hassett.
"No, sir!" snapped the witness, who
did not know of the letter which Mrs.
and the answer was etartllng and unex
pected.
"My mother told me." said Mrs. Murray.
"that she had sold the house and could
not let me remafn there that night. 'I've
6old this house,' she said, "and I am
working here as housekeeper for $50 a
month. I have taken a small room on
the top floor and I can hardly turn around
In it. You cannot stay here to-night.' "
Mrs. Murray then told of her plajis to
secure apartments In a hotel and remain
here at her own expense. Her mother,
she said, refused to let her do this and
insisted that she take better apartments
at the hotel to be paid for by Mrs. Town
send.
Sullivnjx Angers the Court.
Five Days Before She Died Mrs.
Almira S. Townsend Bitterly
Arraigned Her Daughter in a
Letter to Her Brother.
Ella F. Murray Closes Her Case to Be Declared
Administratrix of Her Mother's Estate.
Thomas T. Town
send Ceases to
Be a Factor in
the Case.
and all his children are now in a
family fight and 3 lawyers are gob
bling it all up, and they all of them
in a family fight. I cautioned him a
few weeks before his Death to make
his Will and to suit himself and ail
of them and avoid all litigation. But
he would not hear to me so conse
quently I, have been in to court to de
fend each and all of them. I. of
course, have no interest in thare
claims than a stranger, but It has been
a great trial to me and has made my
condition physical worse than I wold
otherwise have been. Had he done aa
I advised him to do. Now sister you
know your business and duty best.
Ella should make her will to you at
once. And you should make yours to
her. You will both live Just as long,
and my advise wohfbe to you to come
home if possible and have a clear
understanding with each of you anil
avoid all of contingencies that might
arise by neglect to do so. How I
wold like to see you for a few weeka
and talk with you as we used to do.
It is easy to talk, but is now a task
to write. If I was yonger I wold come
and see yow. but my coming to you
wold not settle your bulsness matters,
that must be done by you and Ella
yourselves. And I sincerely hope that
you and Ella may understand your
relationship with each other and ad-
Just all your misunderstandings amic
able with each other. Our whole
family now are estranged from one
another. Scattered a!l over the coun
try full of jealous feelings and bicker-
Ings. Let us act as If we was Brothers
and Sisters. Human Beings United by
Ties of Consanguanlty and Blood, not
of the Brute Creation. If we wold
study a little more of the phylosophy
of human life, how much happier our
lives wold be. Don't get excited or
worry for there is no occasion for it
just now keep cool and conclude to
come home if possible.
Most affectionately, your Brother.
, CHARLES.
*.
PERSISTS IN HER DENIAL.
Mrs. Bessie Smith Solemnly Swear3
She Never Wrote the Alleged
Forged Will.
In spite of all the evidence Sullivan &
Sullivan promise to produce and with
which they expect to prove the guilt of
Mrs. Bessie Tracy Smith, the lady still
positively denies that she had anything
to do with the alleged forged will.
Mrs. Smith was prostrated after her
brief experience in court yesterday. "It
was an awful ordeaJ." she said. "I wish
that all those questions that were object
ed to had been permitted. I am only too
anxious to state all I know. I solemnly
swear," continued Mrs. Smith, "that I
never wrote that will and that I never
saw It in my life before. I am willing to
go into any court and take the most sol
emn oath to that effect."
Even If the question of the will forgery
la not brought up again by Sullivan &
Sullivan, the matter is not likely to re
main in abeyance. Mrs. Smith declares
she will push the matter to an Issue and
promises to take legal advice with that
end in view.
CHRETIEN IN THE ROLE
OF COMPLAINING WITNESS
Swears to a Complaint Charging M.
y C. Agramonte With Felony
- V Embezzlement. . ,
John M. Chretien, the disgraced attor
ney, appeared before Judge Cabanlss yes
terday afternoon In the role of com
plaining witness. He was guarded by
Deputy Sheriff Dougherty and after
swearing to a complaint was taken back
to the county jail.
The complaint to which he swore charg
ed M. y C. ARramonte with felony em
bezzlement. Chretien explained that in
1S90 he and his wife became sureties for
Agramonte when he was appointed agent
in Mexico for the Pacific Mutual Life Iiv
surance Company. May 24, ISM, he was
notified by the company that Apramonte
was a defaulter to the extent of $1423. and
the company entered suit on the bond to
recover the amount. A compromise was
effected by the payment of $750.
Agramonte left the country, but about
a week ago Chretien noticed In a news
paper that he was again In the city and
had attended a banquet of the Guate
malan colony. Chretien at once notified
Attorney Barnes, who with the assistance
of a private detective located Agramonte
and he promised to meet Barnes yester
day and arrange to liquidate his indebt
edness. He did not appear and It was
learned that he had started for Mexico
yesterday morning. The police will en
deavor to intercept him at Fresno and
have him brought back.
BESSIE SMITH REFUSES TO IDENTIFY HER OWN
WRITING AND SWEAR5 SHE IS NOT A FORGER
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, AUGUST 23, 1900.
Examination for Bookkeepers.
Competitlx'e examinations under the
rules of the Civil Service Commission of
applicants for the positions of bookkeep
ers in the offices of the Sheriff and the
Board of Public Works will be held at the
Girls' High School, corner of Geary, and
Scott streets. September 7. at 8 p. m. All
applications must be filed by 5 p. m. Sep
tember 4, at which hour the lists will
close. -
3
Women as Well as Men
Are Made Miserable by
Kidney Trouble.
Kidney trouble preys upon the mind, dis-
courages and lessens ambition: beauty, vigor
X|L -— , -^ and cheerfulness soon
iV(£\ JFH disappear when the kid-
TrrrC***?"^!? neys are out of order
-Ullr&AJtfrr^ 2 "" or leased.
— . Kidney trouble has
-* r if \C^^J I -. become so prevalent
" amt^v^M U that it is not uncommon
/v/\vSSwv«\l^-^# * or a cnilc l to be born
N hV\p^ivSE? afflicted with weak kid-
U J£ % \^\ J5- neys. If the child urin-
Zb2=- J V u «' % *~ ates too often, if the
urine scalds the flesh or if. when the child
reaches an age when it should be able to
control the passage, it is yet afflicted with
bed-wetting, depend upon it. the cause of
the difficulty is kidney trouble, and the first
step should be towards the treatment of
these important organs. This unpleasant
trouble is due to a diseased condition of the
kidneys and bladder and not to a habit as
most people suppose.
V/omen as well as men are made mis-
erable with kidney and bladder trouble,
and both need the same great remedy.
The mild and the immediate effect of
Swamp-Root is soon realized. It is sold
by druggists, in fifty- fT-^y^*,
cent and one dollar
ziztz. You may have a ptP^&l&ffftfffiia
sample bottle by mail
free, also pamphlet tell- nome of s^uop-Root.
ing all about it, including many of tha
thousands of testimonial letters received
from sufferers cured. In writing Dr. Kilmer
ct Co.. Binghamton. N. Y., be sure and
mention this paocr.
No More Drend of the Dental Chair
TEETH EXTRACTED AXD FILLED AB-
SOLUTELY WITHOUT PA1X. by our iat»
ccientinc method applied to the gums. No
eleep-produelnR agents or cocaine.
These «r<» the only dental parlors In San
Francisco having PATENTED APPLIANCES*
and Ingredients to extract, fill and apply gout
crowns and porcelain crowns undetectable from
natural teeth, antl warranted for ten yeats,
WITHOUT THE LEAST PAIN. Full set of
teeth (3: a perfect fit guaranteed or no pay.
Gold crowns. $5. Gold fllllncs. SI. Silver fill-
ings. 50c. All work done by GRADCATK DEN.
T1STP of from 12 to 20 years' experience, an.J
each department In charge of a specialist. Giva
us a call, and you will find us to do exact(7
as we advertise. We will tell you In advanc*
exactly wh.it your work will cost by a FU«2K
EXAMINATION.
New York Dental Parlors,
723 Market Street.
SAN FRANClSCa
MAIN' OFFICE PORTLAND. OR.
BRANCH , SEATTLE. WASH.
TO THE PUBLIC!
PINOLE. JUNE a. 1S39.-1 TAKE THI9
» means of expressing my thanks to Dr. Won*
Hiffiiji Him. 115-117 Mason >t..
tv F.. for havlntc cur»d
f£-Q*r**!3 me cf kidney, womb
\j;';> iff trouble and cancer of
y£2}C? r ttomach. I was a great
u> M * J sufferer for 13 years, and
%JJ5?2N 5 found no permanent re-
jSSfi-*/ llef until I tried Dr.
JFvs^-A^^ Wong Him. and in six
y^>^ 53^k. months' time ht has
•^fV^w^WiA cured me. Any person
*¦ '& VSJCJf'l^ll^PR* -wishlre me to certify
AsSu .** this can find me.
Mia. GEORGE BETT.
Pinole, Contra Costa County. Cal.
SAX FRAN'CISCO (Cal.). Oct. IS. 1S38.— To
Whom It May Concern: This Is to certify that
Dr. Wong Him of 115-117 Mason street. San
Francisco, has cured me entirely of Blight's
disease of the kidneys and consumption of tha
bowels of lone standing, and I am only ton
tappy to make this statement for the benefit of
all troubled In any way by diseases. You will
find the doctor a gentleman In every way. Very
re»pectful!y, MISS M. J. SHINE.
881 Pulton street. San Francisco.
S. P.. D*c. 4. 1S39.— Dr. Wons Him. 115-117
Mason st.. S. F.. Cal. — Dear Sir: For tha bene-
fit ct others I wish to make a statement of my
case, which was heart trouble. After treating
with six eminent physicians, my case was pro-
nounced Incurable. Hearing of Dr. Wonis Him
and his wonderful cures. I decided to try his
herb treatment. He did all he claimed and
after treating six months I am now well and
stronc. Tour respectfully.
MRS. BARLOW. 1027 Mission St.. 9. F.
YOUNG -MENIy^y"
You don't need go around f
with dark rlnes under^r S
your eyes, no energy,^ S
no snap about you S «. V"f!^ /v.-
tf you suffer / *X V /J L
V^or X+ /« n n a t ural
visror S C X. S weakness and
?- S 4^^ Sk\\ troubles which
*\r rt\ra\* you tn marr>
./>* V\\V S hy consulting us.
S*.^ S Thousands of men
S « It^s' X ™^'»t home. Call or
IVV > •a'ldresa
\\V/ DR. COOPER & CO.
VX31S KKARXT ST.. S. F.. Cal.*
Ecu ft H r£K f£>«*3 5Ju Ft^3 Q n fflW < 1
M £3 rj,l R-^JD rr\ ks^ 4VW nX
PALACE HOTEL
It Is universally acknowledged that thes«
hotels possess the attributes that appeal
to particular people— undoubted luxury and
comfort, unsurpassed cuisine and serrlcs
and superior appointments and location.
Connected by a covered passageway and
operated under one manaeement on tha
American and European plans.
GRAND HOTEL
DR. KILMER'S SWAMP BOOT.
D2. HALL'S BEINVIGCRATOK^ra^
Five hundred reward fir any &:t*^e?£
case wi cannot cure. This secret Lfss d*
remedy stop* all losses in 2t hours. S
cures Emission*. Imuotency. Varl- JjOJ psr
cocele. Gonorrhoea. Gleet. Fits. Wp Jf®
Strictures. Lost Manhood and all iljx ul '
wasting e!Tect3 of self-abu^ or ;**!" Va'i
fxof-sses. Sont scale.!. « ¦vittle: 3 SsUasw^
bottles, 13: guaranteed to cure any easa. Ad-
dress .HALL'S MEDICAL INSTITUTE. 85S
Broadway. Oakland. Cal. Also for sale at 10734
Market st.. S. F. All private diseases quickly
cured. Send for fre« book.
jfggtf»w TONG F»O CHY,
1 £a*«E«> F"ccessor to Dr. LAI PO TAI.
&;*3*slfV£iL graduate of Carton M*di-al
College, after a very «uocm-
I'f fnl Practice of many years In
¦*<S *p China, has located tn San
f7 V ft Francisco. The surprising and
r>i\ f/ marvelous cures (fleeted by
J>;3\ s'k h' ? herbs demonstrate their
"ia^«^JA». potence and his skill. The**
f^U^~^*j[^\ nerhs cure over *>•» illfTer- nt
"£*<t»i?MfM'^ diseases. lnclud!nff HrSslu'a
*-"«3!£klC. ' 6 Disease. Diabetes. Consump-
tion. Asrhma. Paralyaia.'
Brain. Nerve. Cancers. Tumors. Blood. Ma;»
and Female Maladies. All persons a(31cte4
with any kind of malady whatsoever *r» in-
vited to call. Cfflce. 727 Washlnston it. OflW
hours — 9 a. in. to 12 tn.. 1 to 9 p. m. : Sundays.
10 a. m. to 12 m. Accept Krateful thanks '->r
effecting a cure of asthma of several years'
standing. A. DARLEY. San Rafael.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
The
Way
Women W^JIm,
Work. \"Mi
It's enough to wear any one out.
First it's washing, in damp and draft.
Then it's ironing with the hot stove and
the hard work to endure. And in be-
tween whiles, meals to get, house to
clean, I and children to tend. It's bad
enough for a well woman but for a weak
woman it's slow torture. Dr. Pierce's
Favorite Prescription cures the diseases
of the delicate organs which weaken
women. It makes weak women strong
and sick women well.
, Sick women are invited to consult Dr.
Pierce by letter, free of charge. All
correspondence strictly private. Address
Dr. R. V. Pierce, Buffalo, N. Y.
" My health is the best now that it has been
for four years," ¦writes Mrs. Phebe Morris, of Ira,
Cayuga Co., N. Y., Box 52. "I have taken but
two bottles of your medicine, 'Favorite Pre-
scription ' and ' Golden Medical Discovery.'
These medicines have done me more good than
all that I have ever taken before. Before I took
your medicines I vrza sick in bed nearly half the
time. I couldn't do my work ouJv about half
the time, and now I can work nil the time for a
family of four. My advice to alt who are troub-
led with female weakness is to take Dr. Pierce's
Favorite Prescription and ' Golden Medical Dis-
covery'— the most wonderful medicines in the
world."
Dr. Pierce's Pleasant Pellets sweeten
the breath.
fJU IfaA I tg £!3t,<'^^,AMIDDLETOWN, N. Y.. Aug. 22.— Joe
Patehen to-day lowered the track record
of 2:0f>, made by John R. Gentry over the
half-mile track at Goshen two years ago.
Patchen's time was 2:06%.
The Pacer Takes the 2:3O Event at
QUEEN B THE WINNER.
Marysville in Straight Heats.
MARYSVILLE. Aug. 22.— The second
Jay's racing at Agricultural Park consist
ed of three events, one pacing and two
running races. Favorites won In the
pacing and the last running race. The
summary:
First .race, pacing, 2:30 class, mile heats,
best throe In five, purse $400:
Queen R 1 1 1
Cloe 2 2 3
Sutter Maid 3 3 4
Santa Anita Maid... 4 4 3
Time, 2:17, 2:18, 2:20.
Second rare, runnlnsr, five and a half fur
longs, purse J100 — Wlnfr won. The Miller second.
Fine Shot third. Time, l:0S. Christine, "Du
ranfto and Limber Jim also ran.
Third race, running, seven and a half fur
lonKs. selling, purse $100 — Roulette AVheel won.
Sea Spray second, March Seven third. Time,
1:3S. Red Steel and Whltcomb also ran.
One Hundred and Twelve Entries for
the Saturday and Sunday
Coursing.
The stake fcr Saturday and Sunday
courting at Union Park will be an open
one of 112 entries. A lot of crackajack
dogs will course for prizes, and there is
evory promise of a hotly contested stake.
The draw, which was held last night at
Pythian Castle, resulteu as follows:
O.-cn stake. 312 eiitri'-s— J. H. Perigo's Con-
trollcr vs. Curtis & Son's Old Glory; II. A.
IJ.ckelman's lyanaka vf. J. Mori.iritv'e Snap
per Harrison; \V. c. <;iasson's Sleigh Bella vs.
A<'n"i<i KenneU' Fine Fire; N. Dunlea's Erin
vs. F. A. McComb's Royal Flush; F. A. Me-
Comb's Patriot vm, Siorl & Knowles' Rusty
fiold: P. MrCabe's Craig Hoy vs. K. Schou'a
King'H Borderer; H. Lynch's Kwtdish vs. Con
drt-y &. Rousrht's Homeward Bound; Curtis &
Son's Nan iKFiis vs. It. E. de B. Lopfz &
Sor.'B Peoita: P. J. Kellly's Koyal Union vs.
Loot ii Tbomuson's Scotch Reel; J. I* Ross'
J L U vs. H. A. Deckelman's Snapshot; T.
J. Cronin's l;e|>rnd On Me vs. Curtis & Son's
Can-iclaria; J. Simon's Master Lawrence vs.
J. Smith'," Master Workman: George . Xether
cotfe Freda c vs. E. deary's Ireland; J. II.
W. Mullcr's Cruiser vs. T. J. Mclnerm-y's
Johnny H; F. Jones' Lovina vs. H. Lynch's
Lottie M; II. A. Deckelman's Rocker vs. P. J.
lit lily's Plough Hoy; Pasha Kennels' Kolllck
insr Airs vs. Russell, Allen & Wilson's Magic;
J. V.'. Wood's Cliff Wilson vs. Arnold Ken
nels' Aeneas; Sttrl & Knowlea' O'Hara vs. R.
L. Taylor's Mose; J. Holden'8 Scottish Chief
vf. T. \V. liartel's Mac's Melody: n. E. de H.
tiopex & Son's Dairy Maid vs. Captain Cane's
Miss Penman; Curtis & Son's McKlnley vs. J.
Mortality'* Jimmie Anthony; J. Sutton's May
flower vs. Captain Cane's Master Davenport;
Stcrl & Knowles' Sleety Mist vs. C H. Charles
worth's Crawford Uraes; Curti* & Son's War
Karle vs. ' S. Handy's Twin City Girl; C O.
Pftersen's Silver Cloud vf. E. M. Kellogg'*
Iowa Boy: E. M. Kellogg's Sweet Emma vs. D.
Toland'n Pleasant Girl: Pasha Kennels' ltural
Artist vs. J. Farr«rs Cash Day; F. A. Mc-
Cotab'M Motto vs. Curtis & Son'8 Anchor; Jeff
Martinet's Buxton vs. H. A. Deckelman's
I-aurence; V. . J. Rellly'n The Grafter vs. T.
Jones' Harleati' Gladys; Pasha Kennels' .Reck
less Archer vs. Curtis & Son's Flying Fox;
Papha Kennels' May Hemr*tead vs. J. Hur
ley's O K Capitol; D. E. Wiley's Hl#h norn
Lady vs. J. Carroll's Master Clair; Russell.
Allen & Wilson's Rosle Clair vs. R. E. de B.
Lor>cz & Son's AVhitehead; Connell Bros." St.
Hfka.vs. \V. Cramer's Onward; Walsh &
HeT.an's Sacramento Boy vs. George Whit
ney's Tberon; George Sharman'g Bowery Boy
vs. W. C Glasson'a Sautonln; G. W. Helntz's
IHih Jinks vs. J. R. Smith's Victor Queen ;
Sterl & Knowles' For Glory VS. It. E. do B.
Loi>ez & Son's Crawford Lad; L. F. Bartel's
Best Bargain vs. Lowe & Thompson's Little
Fuller-ton; J. Sheridan's Forest Queen vs. H.
Lyneh'B Lexlntton; J. Carrol's Auckland vs.
Pasha Kennels' Rude Awakening; F. a. Mc-
Comb's Sir Pasha vs. P. • O'Dowd's Ca«dale;
Pasha Kennels' Royal Anne vs. .Curtis Sc Son's
Maud S; Jeff Martlnett's Bill Foster vs. J. P.
Thrift's St. Michael: R. E. de B. Lopez & Son's
Crawford Rex vs. J. Sheridan's Forest King;
Captain Cane's Grrenhall vb. T. J. Cronin's
Wild Tralee; Erwin & Lyon's Silver Wings
v». J. H. Perigo's Bohe: B. Sylva's Re- Annex
vs. L. K. Barters , Beer Brewer; J. P. Thrift's
Forget vs. E. Geary's America;. J. P. Thrift's
Brutus vs. J. Byrno's Battleship; M. McNeil's
Black Hawk vs. R. E. <!e B. Istpez & Son's
3ara; Rutwll, Allen & Wilson's Wedding Bells
fs. T. Tierney's Tea Rose; Pasha Kennels"
Rest Assured vs. E. M. Kellogg's Kid McCoy;
H. A. Deckelman's Ben Kirby vs. Pasha Ken
nels' Recording AngeL
FAST DOGS FOR OPEN
STAKE AT UNION PARK
NEW YORKS WIN A GAME.
Turn the Tables on the Philadelphlas
at the Polo Grounds.
CORRECT STANDING OF THE CLUBS, j
Club*— W. L.. Pet. i . Clubs— W. L. Pet. j
Brooklyn 1% 35 .624 Boston 47 43 .4>l
Pittsburg ...M 44 .551 Cincinnati ...45 12 .454
Philadelphia. 43 47 M*\Bx. Louis 43 tl .4^7
Chicago 4S 48 -bUO Xew York 3S iC .404
NEW TOTtK, Aug. 22.— The New Torks
turned the taHe« on the Philadelphia* at the
Pole Grour.dK this afternoon and won the fir«
ptnif of the present peries with' ease. Carrlrk
{•itched {rilteiiged ball for the local nine and
hao the hard-hnting Ph!1adelrh!a team gne;-s
ing all the way through. Attendance, U06.
Boore:
Club*— B. H. E.
Phila-i.lphla 2 7 5
N'ew York 8 11 1
Batteries— Piatt and McFarland; Carrick ani
Grady. Umpire — O'l.tay.
HOFTON. Aus. 22.— The Boftons fielied like
raw recruits to-day and the Brooklyns won
»>a«ily. Attc-nCance. 4^00. Bcore:
Clube— R, H. E.
Botitoa 8 13 i
Brooklyn 16 17 ]
P.at:erios — Hinecr. and Clark;< Weyhlng, Ken
nedy and McGuire. Umpire — Huiet.
PITTFRfRG. Aug. Z2. —The rittfburg-Cincin
nuti canie scheduled for to-day was set for
ward to Sejnember 27, by mutual consent. In
crJ'-r to allow St. Ix»ui» and Cincinnati to play
FMterday a game iKitiponed early in the sea
¦ub tn account of the street car strike in St.
LoaU.
American Lsague Games.
ni'FFALO. Aug. *. Detroit 2.
fLEVr.I.AXD. Aug. 22.— First Rrame: Cleve
land <•. Indianapolis 12. Second game: Cleve
land 3, imJianarxiiifc 2.
CHICAGO, Aug. 71.— Fim game: Chicago 7.
Minr.eai>.)l!« 3. Second game: Chicago 6, Min
n^ ,ji, pr ;.
TENNIS TOURNAMENT.
But Eight Men Left to Contest for
the Finals.
NIAGARA. N\ Y., Aue:. 22. -The prelim
inary and opening rounds of the men's
sinplps were disposed of at the Xia^-ira
international tennis tournament to-day
and there are but eight left to fight it out.
Scores:
Chernp!on»hlr> rren's sin<r1e«. preliminary
rour.d— \V. S. Bond. Chicago, bfat Peter Porter,
Niagara Fall*.
FiTt round -Kefsh Collins. Chicago, beat S.
<¦;. Tale. St. Thomao; K. P. Flsh<T. New York.
J 'at E. Wlmer, Washington, by default: R. T.
"ea<i. Toronto, Jrf'at A. «'. Kilmaster. Brandt
fr.rd: Sutnn<>r Hardy, San Francisco, beat
B iluir. IVtroit. 6-3. 6-0; F. B. Al
cxanAir, lYJneetnn. beat H. Beard, Chi
rnso; Harry Winder. Cnirasro. bc-at Ueonce
Peterson. St. Catherine*; H. H. Hackett, Yale,
If at J. A. Kyer*on, Chicago, by default: A. S.
Bond, Chicago, beat Holcomb Ward, Orange,
by dc- fault-
525,000 for Flying Machines.
Th»- American Government is to devote J'.i.OOO
f. Tli* purpose of exiH-rinnentsnjr with fiyinR
tn«ch:n< > s to ascertain their practicability for
uy* tn tlx» army. This \* a lar^e sum to us?
for an f-xjirrimer-t, and yet it cannot compare
with that MH-nt uselessly by those who experi
ment with various *o-<-allff<l dyspepsia cures.
Take Bastetter*! Stomach Bitters and avoid
•xpen^ and uncertainty. It is made expressly
to cure constipation, dyspepsia and all stomach
disorders.
£iK?clal DJf-ratch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Aug. 22.-Judgins from
the work Fitzsirnmons lias been doins in
practice at his training "quarters at Ber
pen Beach for his battle with Sharkey
at Coney Island Friday night, the former
heavyweight champion will take lots nf
beating u lien he meets the sailor. Every
conceivable fcrm of exercise conducive to
t- trer.fUh and lining one thoroughly for the
fx*ntfrfft ot *>kill and endurance has been
practiced by Fitztimmons Miiee he fias
ueen In training.
As a iitult, me Australian looks sturd
ier than when he (ought Kuhlin, That
lattle appears to have done tne Conner
be&vywe&bt chiunpjon «± world of tjouU.
3n hit practice bouts with Uob Armstrong
and George DawBon he has shown more
.-peed ana beinr judgment in delivering
and blocking blows than marked his ef
forts In liie tariy part .it" the battle with
the "AJcron tjiant. " There were periods
during the Huh!in-Fitzsiramons contest
«~hea "Lanky Hob" caused his backers a
lot of uneasiness due to lack of judgment
of distance and inability to block ulows
EUCcexsfaUy. While the increase in Kitz
eimmons' speed has been marked, it would
he an exaggeration to say that he is a*
fast with hi* hands and on his feet as lie
ever was. He believes he can beat au>
heavywelgrht in the world. Kitz^imm^ns
tays that he polished off Sharkey when
be sot ready in their battle in California.
but owing to unfairness on the part ot
Wya.il Earp. the referee, he was not
credited with victory. Karp awarded the
bout to Sharkey on a foul.
As matters stand lo-day Sharkey feels
that he has the b'.st of tliiugs. His
knowledge of the game has increased
greatly t-ince he fought Fitfcf-immons. His
alUing power is alt-o greater, and alto
pet her he is much more active than his
rival is likely to be on Friday night.
"When I'm feeling all right." said Fltz
simmons to a Call correspondent, "1 never
Civ« my weight a thought. If 1 feel well
1 know" my hitting- power is there and my
spe<*d also. Sharkey may have ten or
twenty pounds the best of it in weight.
l>ut that advantage gives me no concern.
I am confident that I can l>eat him just
as easily as if I weighed 200 pounds After
J dispose of Sharkey I will probahly ar
ranse a contest with Jeffries or the win
ner of the McCov-Corbett bnut. If Cor
hett wins over McCoy he can have first
call, otherwise I will take on Jeffries for
the championship. 1 give Corbett prefer
ence because be has all along claimed
that 1 beat him through foul means a.t
Carson. Some people think I'm an old
fellow and that Corbett would have the
i.pst of it if we were to meet now. I can
beat Corbrtt at any old age. and if he
dmibts it, let him step up to the captain's
office and sign articles for a right with
me."
Figures en Finishing Easily With
Sharkey and Will Then Chal
lenge the 'Wiiiner of the
Corbett-McCoy Bout
Says He Has No Doubt as
to the Outcome of the
Coining Fight.
FITZSIMM0NS
TRAINING HARD
AT BERGEH BEACH
SARATOGA N\ Y., Aug. 22.— Bard of
Avon was the only winning favorite to
day. The Musketeer won the Lemp
handicap at five furlongs by a neck, with
Kinpr Pepper second and I^idy Schorr only
a head back. Mayor Gilroy. with Shaw
up, was regarded as a certainty in the
mile race and was at 1 to 5 in the bettine,
but he was beaten a length by the 20 to 1
shut Unsightly. Carson, the steeplechase
rider (chose ride on The Cad on Tuesday
fai'.od to satisfy the stewards, has been
suspended for the rest nf the meeting, the
representatives of the National Hunt and
Steeplechase Association; Foxhall Keene
and l-k'i;ry Alexander continuing the sus
l>en^km indefinitely. Results:
Selling, six furlongs — Hard of Avon won.
Cherries necond, E.igeiield third. Time, 1:14ft
<»ne mile— Unsightly won. Mayor Gilroy sec
ond. Precursor third. Time. 1:4094:
The Letup handicap, for two-year-oHs, $300i»,
of which 1660 to seoor.d and $W0 to third, live
furlnnps— The Musketeer won. King Pepper
swend, Ladf Schorr third. Time, 1:01^
nMHtik. *ix furlongs— Ualaday won, Dolly
WeHhofl: second. Mill Stream third. Time,
lrlC'i.
One mile and fifty yarn's— First Whip won,
David Oarrirk second. Fink Coat third. Time,
I :*?V4.
CHICAGO, Aug. 22.— Found won the
feature event at Hawthorne this afternoon
frem a field of five of the best horses at
tho track, in which Scales was a warm
favorite at »i to 5. Tally took Found right
to the front at flagfail and gained an ad
vantage of eight lengths the first half.
K<>un<iing the far turn, the little mare
seemed to be tiring and Scales gained
ground rapidly. Then Tally's riding began
to tell, and when he called on his mount
the second time, she shot away easily and
won by four lengths, cased up.
J. J. Markley was lucky to-day, winning
both of the two-year-old purses with
IJengal and Barbara M in the first and
third respectively. Results:
Five furlrnps— Bengal won. Little Henry eec
ori'i. The Klk third. Time, l:03H-
Six furlongs — P<**rlet I-illy won. Locust Blos-
Miin second. Little Boy Blue third. Time,
law.
Five and a half furl ones— Barbara M won,
Andle secc.nd, Recea third. Time, l.-OSVi.
Or.e mile and a sixteenth — Found won. Ohnet
Feonnd, Scales third. Time, l:47 l i-
Or.e mile and seventy yards— Patroon won.
Pay the Fiddler Eecond, Dagmar third. Time,
1:4T'4
'>ne mile. sel'Insr — Owensboro won. Plantain
second. Aloha II third. Time, l:43Vi.
ST. LOUIS, Aug. 22.— Three favorites
and a similar number of second choices
captured the events of "Wednesday's card.
The feature of the day was the three
quarters of a mile handicap, which was
won by Triaditza. Results:
One mile — Alice Turner wen. Ransom second.
Iron Chancellor third. Time, l:42 l i.
Pelling, six furlongs— Uonaqua wen, Moun
tain I>ew second. Whisper Low third. Time,
1:15*4.
Selling-, one mile and a sixteenth — Kitty
Clyde won, Joe Doughty eecond, Mitt Boykln
third. Time, 1:43.
Handicap, six furlongs— Triaditza won, W. J.
Baker second. Tom Collins tnlrd. Time. 1:14H-
Two-year-olds, five and a half furlongs —
Porothy I>ee won. Wall second, Secundis third.
Time. 136%.
Selling, six furlongs — Henry of Frantsamar
¦won. I>oralice second, Leo Planter third. Time,
1:15.
DETROIT, Aug. 22.— Mound Builder,
who won the first race at Highland Park
tliis afternoon, was backed down from 50
to 1 to 10 to 1 and won by two lengths.
Summary:
Pix and a half furlongs, selling— Mound
Builder -non, R. Q. Ban second. Old Fox third.
Tim<», J:22»4.
Five furlongs— Salve won, Virginia T second.
Obey third. Time, 1:03*4. . . •_
One mile— Ennr.mia won. Bell Punch eecond.
Chopin ¦ third. Time. 1M3'4.
Htx furlonps — Hungarian won, Terminus sec
ond. Hummer third. Time, 1:15^4.
Six furlongs— Pakatuck won. Fesele F second,
Hermancia thirfc. Time. 1:1614.
DETROIT, Aug. 22.— It Is announced
that the meeting at Windsor will continue
indefinitely. Results:
Six furlongs, selling — Brulare won. Creden
tial second. Katie Rutherford third. Time, 1:18.
Five furlongs, selling— Kid Hampton won,
Robert Morrison second, Quibo third. Time,
l ASH.
' me mile and a sixteenth — Handlcapper won,
Ml^s Soak second, Joe Uammage third. Time,
One ml'.e^ — Acushla won. Monk Wayman sec
ond. Topmast third. Time, 1:45.
Five and a half furlongs— Corder won. Pirate
Belle second. Triune third. Time. l:08Vi.
Seven furlongs, selling— Lord Frazier won,
Cousin Letty second. M. Murphy third. Time,
1:2L
Found Takes the Feature Event at
Hawthorne From a Field of Five
of the Best Horses at tlie
Track.
MUSKETEER WINS
LEMP HANDICAP
IN CLOSE RACE
Comes in a Neck Ahead
of King Pepper at
Saratoga.
NEW GUN CLUB
ORGANIZES AND
RENTS PRESERVE
Prominent Sportsmen Obtain
Lease of Well-Stocked
Marin Estate.
Shafter Property of Eighteen Thou
sand Acres at Point Reyes Will
Be a Happy Hunting
Ground.
¦
/ .
An organization of sportsmen which la
particularly fortunate in the matter of
hunting grounds is the newly formed
Point Reyes Sportsman's Club, the roll of
membership of which already Includes the
names of many of San Francisco's best
known rod and gun wielders. A meeting
of the members was held yesterday, at
which permanent organization was ef
fected.
The clyb has leased 18,000 acres of
splendid cover and quail land in Marin
County, at Point Reyes, formins what is
known as the O. L. Shatter estate. The
lease calls for a five years' tenanture,
with privilege of renewal at the close of
the term. The land is in two sections, one
lying over toward BoUnas. while the oth
er, a few miles to the north, is in what is
known as the U'.ema district, and fronts
on Tomales Bay as far as the ocean, tak
inp in part of Limintor Bay.
The estate has long been celebrated as
one of the best ueer runs in the State, the
rigid game Jaws of Mailn having pre
served them from the inroads of the pot
hunter. In Stimson Lagoon the club has
a fine duck water. Sea brant also make
frequent appearances here, this and Eu
reka Bay being almost the only places in
the State where this favorite game bird
is found. On the hillsides inland are the
quail grounds, while further back is the
deer cover. The grounds will be patrolled
by numerous keepers to assure preserva
tion of the game.
Several members have already joined,
among them being R. P. Upham. Colonel
J, Barrere, S, E. Slade, F. Vernon, W. S.
Leake, W. J. Martin and E. L. Sargent.
The membership will be limited to twenty
in the interest of good sport.
The officers are: President. General John
H. Dickinson; vice president. Colonel D.
E. Miles; secretary and treasurer, Horace
O'Rear.
The grounds were shot over for the first
lime on the 19th inst. by General Dickin
son and a party, a five-forked buck, dress
ing at 1L>5 pounds, falling under the
former's aim.
BOSTON, Aug. 22.— The feature of tho
grand circuit meet at Keadville this after
noon was the big Massachusetts stake for
$10,000, the fifth renewal for 2:12 trotters,
and Thomas W. Lawson's Boralma won In
straight heats. Despite the fact that the
gelding was noticeabi-v lame in his oft
hind leg, he made a new mark for him
self as well as for the event, 2:09»£. In
none of the heats did he extend himself.'
so that his performance is looked upon as
one of the greatest feats of the 'year and
places him well up among the fastest
trotters on the turf. iJoralma was barred
in the betting.
Joe Watts, another favorite, won the
2:17 trot. The other two events went to
outsiders.
C. J. and Harry Hamlin's bav gelding.
The Abbott, trotted a pretty nfile and cut
his own time half a second to 2:05%.
The Massachusetts was the first race of
the day and twelve ol the fifteen horses
nominated faced the starter in the first
heat. With Boralma out in the betting.
Big Timber was played for a place, close
ly followed by Lord Derby and Lady Ger
aldine. The last named horse had the
pole, but broke almost immediately. Bor
alma was soon in the lead with Big Tim
ber well up. On entering the stretch
Geers sent Lord Derby Into second place
and managed to get within a neck of the
favorite at the wire.
The second heat was the best of the
race, for Boralma and Lord Derby ran
neck and neck almost from the quarter
pole, and at the wire it looked like a dead
heat. The time was 2:09^, a new record
for Boralma, but the same might be said
for Lord Derby. Boralma seemed to have
something in reserve, while Geers had to
push Lord Derby hard to get near the
Lawson horse.
In the second heat Boralma., Lord Derby
and Big- Timber were together to the
turn. Boralma, however, had the speed,
and while Lord Derby was punished se
verely, he could get only as far as his
rival's wheels.
The crowd - played Bob Fitzslmmons
strongly in the 2:08 pace, but Free Bond
had little difficulty in taking the first
heat. Courier Journal being beaten by a
half length.
' The second heat looked like Free Bond
until the half, when he tired fast, and
Courier Journal fought it out with Choral,
winning by a neck. The last heat also
went to Courier JournaJ, who led from
the start.
Masette was the favorite In the 2:10
pace, but Dumont \V won without diffi
culty.
It took four heats to decide the 2:17
trot, as Joe Watts, the favorite in the
bettint?. was pocketed in the first one. lie
took the next three, however, easily.
2:12 class trot, the Massachusetts stakes, $10.
000— Boralma won In straight heats. Tlm« by
quarters, :33V£, l:0€H, l:39V4, 2:11; :32H, 1:04%
l:37',4. 2:09',4: :32. 1:O4V4. l:37li. 2:TO%. Lord
Derby, Bif? Timber, Kllert, Minuet, Roster,
Edna Cock, Magsle Anderson, Miss Whitney,
I^iily Oeraldine, Paddy D and Woodford C also
started.
2:08 class pace, purse $1500 — Courier Journal
won the second and third heat» in 2:06'£. 2:09.
Free Bond won the first heat in 2:0"H- Choral,
Dan Q. Bob Fitzslmmons, Flirt and Bellewood
also started.
• 2:10 class pace, purse $1500 — Dumont W won
In two ftralKht heats In 2:07%, 2:0fl« / 4. Maset,
Joe Pilot, Art Alco,. Sphinx S, Chelsea, Norvln
G and Hal McEwen also started.
2:17 class trot, purse $1000— Joe Watts won
the isecond, third nnd fourth heat* In 2:13V4.
2:14'i. 2:1»H- Genevleve won the first heat in
2:13><4. Lavereau, Enoch, Philip E, Or. L,
Waccn. Winnlfred. lyiuise E, Wlldwind, Ginler
and Cello also started.
Special against time — The Abbott, to beat
2:WVi. trotting. Time. :31V4, 1:03, 1:23%. 2:00%.
GALE8BURG, 111.. Aup. 22.-Idedl
weather favored to-day's harness races
here and the time was fast In all 'of the
events. Summary:
2:13 pace, purse $500— Mark Deny won the sec
ond, third and fourth heats. Best time, 2:10H.
Major Marshall won the first heat In 2:11%.
Camellta, Flossie F\ Evelyn and rinta A also
started.
2:23 pace, purse $1000— FlashllRhtnlng won
the first, second and seventh heats. Best time,
2:lfiH. Constarne won the fifth and sixth heats
Best time. 2:16%. Gametta won the third and
fourth heats. Best time, 2:12H. Louiso Patehen,
I^emont, Tribulation and Lassie also started.
2:35 trot, purse $300— Admiral Symms won
three straight heats. Best time. 2:1"U. Idema.
Newton A.' MacAIIen, Frequent and Maggie
also started.
DUBUQUE,' la., Aug. 22.— The weather
and track conditions were 'favorable to
day for good racing at .Nutwood Park.
The attendance was good.. In the second
heat of the 2:15 pace Major Muscovite re
duced his record from 2:11*4. to 2:07*4. In
the first heat of the 2:14 trot Silver AVeeKs
reduced his record from 2:13Vi to 2:11V*.
Summary:
2:15 pace, purse $3000 (unfinished)— Major Mus
covite won the second, third and fourth heats.
Lady Pipes won the first heat. Beet time.
2:0T*. Kawd, Tombstone and Black Heart
also started. \
2:14 trot, purse $1000— Prince of India won the
second, third and fourth heats. ' Silver Weeks
won the first heat. Best time, 2:1114. Black
Robert and Mardl Gras also started. .
Free-for-all pace, purse £KK>— William Mack
won three FtraiRht heats. Best . time, 2:09.
Dunton, On Ho and Paritude also started.
2:20 trot, purse J20C0 — Red June won three
straight heat*. Best time. 2:W/i. The Mer
chant. Joymaker, Free Silver and Mexican Boy
also started.
Hamlin's Bay Gelding, The Abbott,
Trots a Pretty Mile and
Lowers His Own
Record.
The Gelding Although Lame
Gives a Splendid Per
formance.
Number of Surprises for
Talent Given by the
' Shortenders.
Roupd About Worked Up Through
the Five Rounds to Deciding
Course With Stake
Winner.
First round— James Iran's Gallant beat J.
M. lialton's Tic Tac; F. A. McComb's Motto
beat R. K. de B. Lopez & Son's Minnie V.a
Wa; Pasha Kennels' Rollicking Airs beat E.
M. KelloKS'a Hummer; J. Horn's Bona FUla
beat Curtis A Son's "Warpath; K. E. d* B.
Lopez & Son'g Warrlbee beat Sterl & Knowl-?s"
Kusty Gold; Curtis & Son's Maud S beat
Aeneld Kennels' Agamemnon; L. F. Bartels'
Uaron Wood beat J. Hurley's Shylock Boy;
Envln & L>-on"s Silver Lyon beat Sterl &
Knowles' Blue Mist: H. Lynch' a Emma M beat
J. Keenan's Mira Monte; D. Dillon's Challen
ger beat J. Byrnes' Tjlympus; A. L. Austin's
Thorndale beat J. Sweeney's Ladv Hugo; J.
P. Thrift'* Tyrone Prince beat J. Hurley's O.
K. Capitol; H. Lynch'a Lyddite beat J. L.
lloss' Jessica; L. F. Bartels' Temple beat P. J.
Rellly's Mocnbrieht; Pasha Kennels' Record
in* Anci»l beat Aeneld Kennels' Aeneas; J. L.
Ross' Wild Wave beat T. J. Cronln's Daisy
I>ale; Captain Kane's Wandering Tom .beat
Sterl & Knowing' Amarosa: G. Sharman's An
nie Lawrence beat T. W. Bartels' Betsie Bar
row; HusKoll. Wilson & Aliens Julius Caesar
beat T. J. Cronin's Vixen; D. Dillon's Europa
beat R. E. de B. Lopez & Son's Crawford Rex;
H. Lynch's Linton beat Russell, Allen & Wil
son's SNbs Allen; J. H. Perljro'B PenneRrant
beat Curtis & Son's Old Glory; W. Cairns' Im
perial beat E. M. Kellogg's Lady Gilmore;
l'asha Kennels' May Hempstead beat Russell,
Allen & Wilson's Sea Breeze; Pa-sha Kennels'
Round About beat F. A. McComb's Storm
King; Curtis & Son's Vanity Fair beat A. L.
Austin's Los Angeles; Russell, Allen & Wil
son's Lady Emma beat li. E. de B. Lopez &
Son's Sara; H. Murray'* Jolly Rover beat J.
Keenan's Lundln Links: J. K. Smith's Victor
Quwn beat W. Creamer's Jesse Moore; Pasha
Kennels' Rapid Addition beat H. A. Deckel
man's Le Rny; George Sharman's Bowery Boy
beat R. E. de B. Lopez & Son's Warrlsal; L.
F. Bartels' Beer Brewer beat J. McNeil's
Blackhawk.
Second round— Motto beat Gallant; Rollicking
Al.-s t.eat Bona Fide; Maud S beat 'Varrlbce;
Silver Lyon beat Baron Blood: Emma M beat
Challenger; Tyrone F'rlnce . b<?at Thoroilale;
Lyddite beat Temple; Recording AiijjH bea\
Wild Ways; Wondering Tom beat Annie Law
rence; Europa a bye, Julius Caesar withdrawn;
Pennecrantp beat Linton; May Hempstpad beat
Imperial; Round About beat Vanity Fair;
Lady Kmma n bye, Jully Rover withdrawn;
Victor Queen beat Rapid Addition; Beer Brewer
beat Bowery Boy.
Third round— Rollicking Airs beat Motto:
Maud S frx-at Silver Lyon; Tyrone Prince beat
Kmma M; Lyddite beat Recording Angel; Eu
rope boat Wandering Tom; May Hempstead
bent I'ennegrante; Round About beat Lady
Emma; Victor Queen beat Beer Brewer.
Fourth round— Maud S beat Rollicking Airs;
Lyddlto beat Tyron* Prince; May Hempstead
beat Europa; Round About beat Victor Queen.
. Fofth round— Maud S beat May Hempstead;
Round About lost a bye to Rollicking- Airs,
Lyddite withdrawn.
Deciding course— Maud S beat Round About.
The run-down is as follows:
A noteworthy feature of the day was
that in all the courses there was no un
decided.
Curtis & Sons' Maud S was the stake
winner yesterday of the midweek reserve
coursing at Union Park. Favorite In all
her courses", she won event after event in
surprising style. The . Pasha Kennels'
Round About was the runner-up. The
score of the deciding course was 12-5.
The surprising number of short-end
winners was the feature of the day's
coursing. In the first round nine of the
favorites received a severe dumping. Lun
din Links, a 10-1 favorite over Jolly Rover,
lost the course after a two minutes'
going. Warrlb.ee, 1-5, won from Rusty
Gold; Baron Blood and Europa, 1-2 shots,
won from Shylock Boy and Crawford Rex
respectively; Emma M and Challenger
took the money at the short end of 2-3
shots, and Pennegrant and Vanity Fair
were victors, selling at 1-3. Linton, an
other 1-5 shot, won from Miss Allen.
In the second round Lyddite won from
Temple, 2-5, and Lady Kmma from Miss
Allen, 1-5. The third round found Lyddite
on the short end again, 1-4, against Re
cording Angel, and the latter went out.
Union Park Is to Be Operated Continuously.
Internal Dissensions at Ingleside.
MAUD'S WINS
MIDWEEK STAKE
AT UNION PARK
THE war between the Union Park and the Ingleside Coursing associa
tions is on. For two months the tacit agreement that both associa
tions should operate alternately was carried out to the letter. Now the
Union Park Association, listening to the dog owners and their petitions,
has decided to break away from the oral and understood agreement aJid
will run continuous coursing at its own park.
This determination was reached on Tuesday night at a meeting of the
directors of the Union Park Association. A petition of dog owners was pre
sented and was acted upon, with the result that the Union Park will not
operate alternately with the San Mateo Park, which . is managed by the
Ingleside Association.
How this will affect the Ingleside Association is not yet known. The
Union Park men will have coursing on Saturday and Sunday and -the mid
week reserve stake on Wednesday. It is very probable that the Ingleside
Association will hold its end of the week meetings and a midweek meeting
on Thursdays.
Since the sport has become so popular in this city dogs of high and low
degree have been flocking into local kennels. The owners are anxious to
have continuous coursing at both parks in order to work their hounds. This
s.eems the primal reason for the split between Union and Ingleside.
The board of directors of the Union Park Association declare that as the
agreement to run alternate coursins was In the nature of an experiment
merely they by no means violate any convention entered into by themselves
and the rival organization. < . ,
The Ingleside Association is suffering from internal disorders that may
disrupt It. I>ast night an informal meeting of recalcitrant stockholders rep
resenting seventy of the 300 shares met at Pythian Castle for the purpose
of fighting the $10 assessment levied by the board of directors. H. A. Deckel
man acted as chairman. . #
Another meeting will be called this evening and ; there will be present
stockholders representing one-third of the issued stock. They will then force
the president of the association. D. Shannon, to call a general meeting for
the reconsideration of the $10 assessment. Some time ago this assessment
was levied,: but as it was not met by the shareholders a sale was ordered
by the directors. It is to offset this that the meeting will be held this
evening.
Some of the shareholders who refused to pay the assessment declare 1
there was no need of it. They will fight it to the end.
MASSACHUSETTS
STAKES TAKEH
BY BORALMA
C0URSING ASSOCIATION
AGREEMENT IS ENDED
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, "AUGUST 23, 1900.
Michael . Drops Out.
BRIDGEPORT, Conn.. Aug. 22.— In a
25-mile motor-pace d race between John
Nebs and Jimmy Michael at the Pleasure
Ueaoh track this afternoon, Michael
dropped out In the seventh mile,- being
seized with cramps, acc--ding to his
trainers. Nelson covered A; twenty-five
miles In 48 minutes, 11 2-5 yiconds.
Special for Men.
• I, the undersigned, assignee for the Boa
ton Shoe Company, .win sell to-morrow at
775 Market street 1000 . pairs men's shoes
for $1 85 a pair. | These I shoes are stylish
and up to date, made of vlci kid. kangaroo
or box calf, all sizes. • The regular price is
$3 50. They will be sold for 51 S3 a pair; not
more than two pairs to any one man of
this particular lot at the assignee sale of
shoes, 775 Market street, near Fourth. •
Lowers Ttack Record.
4
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
IS A GREAT RESTORATIVE. UTV1GORA-
tor and Nervine.
The most wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic for the Sexual Organs for both gexea.
The Mexican remedy for Diseases of the Kid-
neys and Bladder. Sell* on Its own merits.
NABER. ALFS & BRUXE. Agent^.
S23 Market st.. 8. F.—(Send for Clrculalj^
EL J)
MARKET ST.&F.^SnS^
MANHOOD RESTORED
\ !tal:zr-r, the prescription of a
.1. famous French phyBician. will
C^V^.rtj-jffiSf quickly rurt jo-j of all r.*r-
Ps'<J!*»'ii%.'S,'i *°us «r di.>»ea*es of th<! g*n<-ra-
fLtf&yi&i.* Uve orjra::K. such as Lost Man-
U*iks5 -Zi e^i hood. Insomnia, Pains In the
ig'^v ** ffir' Hack. Nervous Oobilltr. Plm-
{?'}>* -4yi>£ pl^K. nxhauRtinK I>raln«. Varl-
VvV -iP"?3 cocele tnd .utiHtiration. It
*¦ — ¦**"* f tor's: all Iokrch \>\ day or
nlcht. c'upi<1<*n*- cWnses th«»
liver, the kidney* and the urinary ortraiu of all
lmpuritl«>5=. Cu!>trt»>r.e strengthens and re«tores
j-Tnail weak organs.
The reason puffc-ror* arc not cured by Doctors
if lwoau?*- W ;«r cent arp troubled 'with Pros-
tratiti*. Oupiden*" the only known remedy to
curr without an oi-eratlon. 5W0 t«»stimonlals.
A. written rtarantre given nnil money re-
turned If C box™ <lo not effact a »erman<-nt
cur/-. $1.00 a box. 6 box<-* for $5.00. by mail.
Send for fr<*«? circular and testimonials.
Address I>avol M<viioin<? Co.. «<¦ Kills «t.. San
Francisco, Cal., Grant DruR Co., ?S & 13 Third «t.
UNCOMFORTABLE
to have his collars and cuffs show raw
edires and lock like candidates for retire-
ment instead of fresh grraduates from the
laundry. What we can't make seem new
might as well be thrown away. It's llko
a patient too far gone for the doctor.
Spotless !lnon la an Indispensable dres»
factor, which you must have not to ba
*mong the outs. Domestic fti:!3h for full-
dress shirts if you order It.
Office 1004 Market Street.
}»>ar Powell.
Telephone— South 4-2O.
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
Oakland Office— 62 San Pablo Ave.
"Individual Attention
In Olven to Every Patient," Say* Dr.
Dennett, "nnd- 1 Guarantee a Cnre
In Every Case Where I Recom-
mend My Electric Belt— If It AV1I1
Xot Cnre Ton I AV111 Sot Sell It to
Vou." — The Doctor Talks of "Free
Trlnl" Offers nnd Explains Them.
Fully half the ailments of humanity can
be traced directly to a derangement of
the Nervous System,
generally originating 1 /7^V<^S>v
In diseases of the t'^Jnr^^^S.
generative organs. I i^AEJofr^TN
Every afflicted per- I'IP^jL Ta«fl
son wants a cure In /ftf^kV Tv/\
the easiest, safest, lM<Lv-%, i>5\vf
quickest and lea-st V^^^^&iC^ \ ¦
public manner; iml^$5S$5 ! >v \l
therefore I will not fv* t 1i§§§^vvJ < A
enter upon a lengtny \iffl/fiw^wll )
discussion or long- ) '/la I ihhi'Sw \.
• winded treatise as to { SM\\\ 'I Iw mj\
the cause of your
trouble,, resorted to X^^^Mffa
only by quacks who v W//>O$f$iVl
wish to confuse and
frighten you. You v rag^TO-yv/
are probably well
aware of- the cause /tw»W\fl
of your present * Y ilM\\\\\\Y,l
weakness and what \ | \\\\\\\\> )}!/
you want is a cure. I!; il\\\\\\ W/
Drugs- and tho or- laulUftAM
dlnary courses of
treatment will rot cure you and 1 you iari«
probably aware of the fact. ELECTRIC-
ITY will speedily, safely and surely cure
sound and well again, and I will guar-
antee it. if you will apply this important
element of life through the medium of
Dr. Bennett's Electric Belt.
Klectriclty Is the Nerve and Vital Force
of every man and woman and without it
vou could not live a moment. When there
is a lack of Electricity or Nerve Force
vou can never be well and strong again
until It is supplied. Nature will not. sup-
ply it for. Nature has been imposed
upon and refuses to act. My Electric
Belt supplies a strong current of Elec-
tricity that you can instantly feel and is
more than four times stronger than any
other belt. It has soft, silken, chamois-
covered sponge, water-chamber electrode3
thfl.t cannot and do not burn, blister, iry
and almost cremate me patient, as do
the bare metal electrodes used on all
other makes of belts if they give enough
current to be curative. It positively en-
dangers a person's life to have this bare
metal come in contact with the flesh, as
the chemical action of the current forms
verdigris on the bare metal discs. Verdi-
gris Is a deadly poison and may cause
blood poisoning and death. Some con-
cerns are trying to imitate my electrodes
(my exclusive patent) by covering the
bare metal discs with a thin veneering of
chamois or felt. Do not be misled. Elec-
tricity will not pass through this cover-
ing, but verdigris will.
I absolutely guarantee my Electric Belt
to cure Sexual Impotency, Lost Manhood,
Varicocele, Spermatorrhoea and all Sex-
ual Weakness in either sex: restore
Shrunken or Undeveloped Organs and
Vitality; cure Kidney. Liver and Bladder
Troubles, Chr.onlc Constipation, Dyspep-
sia, General and Nervous Debility, all
Female Complaints, etc.
nevrare of "Free Trlnl" offer*. >"o
one l» koIiik to glvo you minicl 1> lucr
for notlilnsr. They «ini|»lj- vrnnt yonr
nnme. Here 1m wlint they trill writ**
you If yon apply to them: "For the
pnrpone of protecting? mynelf narulnnt
poMKilile Impoaitinn I exact a deposit
of JJStV with 'the orders hnlnnee to he
(lenosltecl In yonr home bnnk, to he
held three month*: end of Tvhlch
time If not enroll return l»elt nnd
wltlidrnn- yonr moner." Yon vrlll
note. Intelligent reader, they nny
nothing? abont ¦ withdrawing the $5
which they exacted with order. They
their good*. ...
If yon hiive been hnmhnjrired Into
hnvlna one of these imitation* nnd
are nf raid of the verdlKrl*. or If It
ImrnH, bllntcrn nnd torture* you, or
If it driven no enrrent. wend it to me
n<« hnlf price of one of mine. •
Write- to one of these Imitation con-
cerns and find out If I am truthful or not
U you haven't already done so. I be-
lleve'ln honest facts and plain statements.
Mv aim Is to help and cure you; I send
out no literature to frighten you. make
no false promises, do business In a busi-
ness way, ask a fee that pays a living
profit only, give each patient conscien-
tious and Individual attention, and know
beyond a doubt that my Electric Belt will
cure vou. no matter what treatment you
have * previously taken. My Electrical
Suspensory for the permanent cure of
the various -weaknesses of men Is free to
every male patient.
Write or call to-day, sacredly confiden-
tial. I will send you my book. "The
Finding: of the Fountain of Eternal
Youth," free, postpaid, for the asking.
It will tell you all about It. No fee for
advice or consultation. Sold only by
Or. Bennett SS£fe
Corner Kearny and Post Stfl. En-
trnucc 47 Pout St. Roomi B nnd O.
San Franclxco,* Cal.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICIAL CALL
FOR
Primary Election.
CALL FOR A REPUBLICAN PRIMARY
election In the city and county of San
Francisco, for the election of delegates to the
Republican State convention and to the local
Judicfal and Legislative convention; also call
for a Republican local judicial and Legislative
convention.
Whereas, The Republican State Central Com-
mittee of the State of California, the governing
body of the Republican party of said State,
in meeting assembled in the city and county
of San Francisco, State of California, on the
4th day of August, 1300, adopted a call for a
Republican State convention to convene In ti*a
city of Santa Cruz, in said State, on the 5th
day of September, 1900, and authorized the
county committees within the several counties
of the State of California to Issue a call for a
primary election for the election of delegates
to said State convention, to nominate nine
Presidential electors, to be voted for. through-
Out the State of California, and transact such
other business as may come before It. Also to
call primary elections to elect delegates to
Legislative and Judicial conventions to nomi-
nate members of tho Assembly, State Senators.
Superior Judges, Justices of the Peace, and
such other State and County officers as are to
be voted for by the qualified voters within the
State, or county, or other political division,
for which such nominations are made, to be
voted for at the next general election to be
held on Tuesday, November 6. 1900; and
Whereas, Said State Central Committee did
issue a call for a State convention to consist
of 682 delegates, and In said call did provide
that the apportionment of delegates should be
one delegate for each 200 votes cast of the
average, and one delegate for each remainder
of 100 votes or over of the average vote In
each county, or city and county, for the Re-
publican candidates for State officers voted for
at the general election held In the State of
California on November 6, 1S9S.
Provided. /That any county casting less than
such remainder for the said candidates should
be entitled to one delegate; and
W hereas. The apportionment of delegates to
the city and county of San Francisco Is 130
delegates, the apportionment In detail being
left to the County Committee of said city and
county; It is therefore
Resolved, That the detail of such apportion-
ment of delegates to be voted for by the
Assembly districts at said primary election be
ob follows:
Twenty-eighth District, 5 delegates; Twenty-
ninth District. 5 delegates; Thirtieth District.
5 delegates : Thirty-first District. 5 delegates:
Thlrty-Recond District. 5 delegates; Thirty-
third District. 7 delegates: Thirty-fourth Dis-
trict. 9 delegates; Thirty- fifth Disrtlct. 6 del-
pgates; Thirty-sixth District. 9 delegates: Thir-
ty-seventh District. 10 delegates; Thirty-eighth
District. 10 delegates; Thirty-ninth District. 8
delegates; Fortieth District. 10 delegates: For-
ty-first District. 10 delegates: Fortr-second Dis-
trict. 8 delegates; Forty- third District, 7 dele-
patp«: Forty-fourth District. 7 delegates; For-
ty-fifth District, 4 delegates.
Furthermore be it resolved by the Republi-
can County Committee of the city and county
of San Francisco, at a meeting held in said
city and county August 11, 1&C0. that a con-
vention of the Republican party of the city
and county of San Francisco is hereby called
fnr the purpose of nominating all candidates of
the Republican party for alt members of the
Assembly and members of the State Senate
and Superior Judges and Justices of the Peace
and such other State officers as are to be voted
for by the qualified electors of the several As-
sembly districts and other political divisions
In said city and county of San Francisco for
which such candidates are to be voted fcr at
the general election to be held on Tuesday.
November 6. 1900. and for the transaction of
such other business as may come before It.
Said convention shall be held In the city and
county of San Francisco on the 12th day of
September. 1900.
Satd convention shall be an organized assem-
blage of delegates representing said Republican
party of the city and county of San Francisco
and of all the election precincts, Assembly' and
Senatorial districts thereof.
. Said convention shall consist of 230 delegates,
who must be elected at a primary election as
hereinafter provided: the apportionment of del-
egates to said convention shall be one delegate
for each 100 votes cast and one delegate for
each remainder of 50 votes or over of the aver-
age vote cast for all Republican candidates
voted for in each Assembly district at the
general election of 1S5.S: that the apportion-
ment of delegates to each Assembly district
is as follows: Twenty-eighth District. 9 dele-
gates; Twenty-ninth District. 11 delegates:
Thirtieth District, 11 delegates; Thirty first
District. 11 delegates: Thirty-second District.
9 delegates: Thirty-third district. J3 delegates:
Thirty-fourth District. 17 delegates: Thirty-
fifth District 13 delegates; Thirty-sixth Dis-
trict. 1* delegates: Thirty-seventh District, 19
delegates: Thirty-eighth District. 13 delegates:
Thirty-ninth District. 17 delegates: Fortieth
District 19 delegates; Forty-first District. IS
delegates; Forty-second District. 14 delegates;
Forty-third District. 12 delegates; Forty-fourth
District. 13 delegates; Forty-fifth District, S
delegates.
The delegates apportioned as above and
elected to said local convention from the re-
Epectlve Assembly and Senatorial districts and
m> other shall constitute the delegates to the
various Senatorial and Assembly district con-
ventions, and they shall respectively be elected
in and from the respective Assembly districts.
Resolved. That the 250 delegates representing
the eighteen Assembly districts within the city
and county of San Francisco be elected at an
open primary election as hsreinafter provided.
The best Interests of the Republican party tn
said city and county of San Francisco require
that every Republican voter therein shall have
a right to give free and unimpeded expression
of his choice for delegates to represent the
party In said convention at an open primary
election to be held for that purpose: that so
far as practicable the same procedure and pro-
tection shall be given voters at such primary
election as at general elections, and that a free
ballot and an honest count shall be had under
all the formalities ar.d penalties of the law.
Therefore, be it further resolved.
That a primary election Is hereby called for
and In each of the Assembly districts within
the city and county of San Francisco which are
Included and embraced within said city and
county for the purpose of electing delegates to
the conventions of the Republican party above
provided for, saiJ conventions to nominate
canJidates In the manner and order as herein
regularly prescribed.
That said delegates from all the Assembly
districts elected to the legislative and Judi-
cial convention shall convene and organize
into a convention and nominate all candidates
of the Republican party for the office of Su-
perior Judge and Justice of the Peace to be
votfrd for by the voters of the city and county
as aforesaid.
The delegates from each Assembly district
shall afterwards assemble and organize Into
Assembly district conventions and nominate a
candidate for member of the Assembly in each
of their respective districts. And in any Sena-
torial district within said city and county
where a member of the State Senat* is to
be voted for by the voters of said district, the
delegates elected from the Assembly districts
comprising such Senatorial district shall as-
semble and orsanl*e a Senatorial district con-
vention and -nominate a candidate for State
Senator for Bald district.
Resolved. That raid primary election for tha
election of delegates to said Judicial and Leg-
islative convention shall be conducted, man-
aged and controlled in the same manner and
at the same time nnd placet, and by the snm«
election officer!", and nt the same polling places
as hereinafter provided for.
Resolved, That the Republican county com-
mltteemen of the city and county of San Fran-
cisco, acting under and In pursuance of the
aforesaid authority, hereby call a primary
election, to he held in the city and county of
San Francl«ico. for the purposes as hereinafter
specified. In accordance with the laws govern-
ing primary election as prescribed by the Poli-
tical and Penal codes of the State of Cali-
fornia.
Resolved. That the satd primary election be
held on the 24th day of August. 1900. The polls
to be kept open continuously between the
hours of 7 a. m. and 6 p. m.
Resolved. That there shall be two polling
places In each Assembly dtstrirt In the city
and county ->f S«n Francisco and that for each
of said polling places the board of election shall
consist of one Inspector, two judges and two
clerk a.
Resolved. That the polling places r.ist be
on the ground floor nnd the ballot boxes p *»e
fo placed as to be plainly sepn from the • Id >
walk, and that free and uninterrupted lna- -j»
must be given In each polling place to electors
entitled to vote thereat, and alao to such repre-
sentative or alternate of each s*t of rahdltlates
that may he voted for at each polling place
as shall prerent the credentials hereinafter pro-
vided for to the board of election at such poll-
ins: place.
Resolved, That printed cards of admission
to each of the polling places shall be given to
the representatives of each set of candidates
requesting the same. That satd request must
be In writing and signed by a majority of the
cnndidites on each set of tickets. The cards
of admission shall be signed by the chairman
and secrctnry of this committee and shall con-
tain the name ot the party, entitled tf» admis-
sion and the polling place at which it Is in-
tended to b<» used.
The of fleer* of election may give permission
to raid persons presenting said card of ad-
mission to enter the polling place before the
opening of the polls and to remain there until
the canvass' Is completed and all the. returns
are properly signed and sealed up.
Persons holding cards ot admission may be
relieved by a duly appointed and authorized
alternate, who «hall have the same rights and
privileges as the first regular representative
upon presentation of the card of admission is-
sued to the said original representative.
Resolved. That the official ballot box at each
polling place must remain In plain, unobstruct-
ed view from the opening to the close of the
polls, and be so placed that the voter may
easily see the top of the box and his ballot de-
posited. The representatives of all tickets must
be permitted to remain Inside the polling place
and In such position that they can at all times
wltr-ess unobstructed the reception of the bal-
lot from the voter and the depositing of tha
same in the ballot box by the inspector or
judge of election, who receives the ballot.
Resolved, That no peddling of tickets or
soliciting of votes shall be permitted within
100 feet of the polls, and the committee hereby
gives notice that no returns will be received or
counted as official from any polling place where
this provision has been violated. Thl» shall
not be construed to apply to the presence of
challenzers. ...
Resolved. That an offlctaJ map of the dla-
trtct showing the boundaries of its various pre-
cincts shall be posted in a conspicuous place
outside of the polling places.
Resolved, That In addition to all other
grounds of challenge In the laws of the State
governing general elections this committed
hereby directs and orders that the following:
additional test be given to voters:
"I affirm that I am an elector of this dbtriot
or rrecinct: have not voted before at thU
primary; am registered or will register, and In
good faith intend to support the nominees of
the Republican party at the coming election."
Resolved, That the committee shall procure
and provide for each polling place a ballot box
such as was used at the general election in
this city and county in November. 1300.
And also, at least two copies of the precinct
register embracing the boundaries of the As-
sembly district, and for each particular poll-
lng" place one copy of such precinct register
must remain at all times inside of the pollins
place and retained by the Election Board tor
the purposes of ascertaining whether the nam~
of the voter appears on such precinct register
and to place a check opposite the name of the
voter after he haa voted.
Resolved. That for said primary election only
the printed precinct register used at th« munic-
ipal election held In the city and county t
San Francisco, in November, li», ihall b*
used, and no person shall be permuted to vote
whose name does not appear tn the precinct
sembly district in which he offers to vote. '
Resolved, That tho delegates elected from a'l
the Assembly districts within the cltyand coun
ty of San Francisco. In and for said Stat.?
convention and Legislative and Judicial con-
ventions at satd primary elections, shall be an<l
they are hereby empowered and authorized to
meet In said State convention and In «ald ju-
dician convention and Legislative and district
conventions as they are elected to and trans-
act all business provided In the call of thw
Republican State Central Committee and the
call of the Republican County Committee ot
the city and county of San Frandaco.
Resolved. That all ballots voted at said prim-
ary election shall be four Inches in width as
near as possible and of suitable length. They
shall ba printed on white paper. Tho names
of candidates to the State convention and to
the local Judicial and Legislative convention
shall be printed on the same ballots. Each set
of delegates shall be numbered consecutively.
Resolved. That the time and manner of the
publication of the notice of *aid primary elec-
tion shall be by publishing the entire call for
said primary election In a newspaper of general
circulation, published la the city and county of
San Francisco, for at least three days prior
to and including said day on which the prim-
ary election Is to be held.
Resolved. That within one hour after the
canvass of the vota at each polling place, and
when all the returns have been properly s!frne-l
and sealed by the election board and clerks
of election, the returns must be brought tn
properly scaled packages by one of the elec-
tion board, designated by the board for that
purpose, to the chairman and secretary of the
committee having tha management and control
of said primary election at the headquarter*
of the Republican County Committee. Mo. 930
Market street, San Francisco, which fs tho
place previously designated for that purpose.
Tha chairman of satd committee shall mark
on each package received by him the day an.l
hour of Its receipt. He shall also give «
receipt to the party from whom be receives
the package. Tho chairman of said commit-
tee shall take all necessary cara and precau-
tion for the dafekeeplng of all packages de-
livered to him and keep them in bis custody In-
tact and unopened until the time designated
for opening and canvassing the returns.
Said commlttea shall meet In tha evening
of the day such primary election Is held, to
o-cn and canvass the said returns, and con-
tinue In session until all the return* from
each and every polling place ha va been fully
canvassed.
After the returns have been completely can-
vassed, they shall act ¦» a returning board
thereon, and shall certify the result thereof
and Issue credentials to the delegates receiv-
ing the highest number In each Assembly Dis-
trict, and their dectsion shall be final.
Resolved. That the said primary election In
each of the said Assembly districts shall bo
conducted, managed and controlled by tha
members of the County Committee represent-
ing and residing In the respective Assembly
districts (Including nuch members appointed at
large). Said members of the County Commit-
tee shall by majority vote select and designate
all election officers and polling places In their
respective districts and shall have entire su-
pervision and charge In their said respective
districts of the said primary election-
Resolved, That the committea hereby Insists
that a free and untrammeled ballot and an
honest count must be enforced at said prim-
ary election: that all attempts to deviate from
this principle should be discountenanced, and
that those guilty of frauds or parties thereto
should ba debarred from all conventions, ami
that If It shall appear at any polling place
that there 19 or has been any fraud or wron^
committed, or the right of any citizen to cast
his frea and untrammeled ballot and to hava
the same honestly counted, haa been tn any
way Interfered with, the committee In charge
shall set aside and declare null and void th<<
election at said polling place and report thet-
actlon to tha different convention!!, w-ho shall
take action In such matter ai ¦! decide whl^h
set of delegates is entitled to a seat In the
convention.
The election officers In this call provided for
will receive their credentials and election para-
phernalia at the rooms of the committee.
All tickets to be voted for at said primary
election shall be (Sled with the committee on or
before 12 o'clock noon Wednesday, 22d day of
August, 1300. and . all votes cast at said pri-
mary election for persons other than person*
wbo»« name* appear upon one or more of such
tickets shall be counted as scattering.
The Assembly districts within the city anil
county of Pan Francisco are dlvMed Into two
voting districts and polling; places therefor,
fixed as follow*:.
District 2S— First. 503 Howard: Second. 66S
Howard. District 25— First, 363 Jessie; Second
418 Fourth. District 30-Flrst. 4T0 Minna: Sec-
ond. SW. corner Harriet and Howard. District
31— First. 200 Natoma; Second. 264 Ninth. Dis-
trict 32— First, Geneva and Brannan: Second.
10;0 Kentucky. District 23— First. Twenty-
fourth and Folsom; Second. Twenty-second anit
Kentucky. District 34— First. SW. corner Shot-
well and Fourteenth: Second. 2237 Mission.
District 35— First, 3303 Twenty-fourth: Second.
3419 Mission. District 3«— First. Hartford and
Eighteenth: Second, Church and Twenty-
seventh. District 37 — First. 212 Oough: SeeomT.
fIS Stanyan. District 38— First. NE. corner Mr,
AUister and Cough: Second. SW. corner EddA
and Pierce. District 3^— First. SW. corner
Larkln and McAllister: Second. 1032 Sutter.
District 40— First, SW. corner Laguna and Sut-
ter; Second. 18W Central avenue. District «—
First. Washington and Van Ness avenue: Sec-
ond, Jackson and Fillmore. District 42— (123
Sutter: Second. 1144 Taylor. District 43 — First.
302 Mason: Second, 81S Stockton. Distriot 44—
First. 1523 Stockton; Second. ZXK FraneMco.
District *3— First. 110 Drumm; Second. 715'4
Davis.
The committee shall as soon as praetlcaM*
after the holding of said primary election send
duplicate certified lists* of delegates elected to
th? State Convention from their respective As-
sembly districts tr> the chairman and upcr^tarv
of this County Committee, who snail «ttar»i
his signature thereto and transmit th« *ame to
the secretary of the Stat* Central CcmmtttP*.
THE REPUBLICAN COUNTY COMMIT-
TEE.
By ALFRKT* BOTJVTKR. Chairman.
JAMES A. WILSON'. Secretary.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Wfcjjj£0* >^*^ 421 Kearny street. S. F.. for
'. Fishing Tackle ..and Sporting
¦ Goods. Tne largest stock on
the Pacific Coast of every description. Bend 3
cents In postage stamps for tha latest 90-paga
Illustrated catalogue, No. 1
LADD'S GUN STORE,
£visr* OR- JORDAN'S great Q
SfiusEUft or mmm\
a Ch :::i msEcr zt. tat. t±t?a.. z.s. sa. f
\ Fjr TTie Largest A.natc<cioi Mineua in the \
a MAk Worid. V> tikvc>+> or any eomricttd a
V £v2TKJ> ri:kcii.r p«-«ii«l*«-t;-c«ir«xl( V jrthrolaeit J
$ cJjjSrZI bpecjaUttcatbcCqut. Est.36yaut V
£ gS^A Ck.J3RSJU»~PR!Y£TE DISEASES* £
i P(»"L3)U ConnulMtion ffreo »nd strirtly private \
S f *^\J n Tr* I'tttnt p"* ona ''> <>r by letter. A 4
\ B 7 il rt».fwe Cure in rrery caieuiulrrukr". /
Amu ¦•§. w,m (« Book, r niLOsurn v et i
F fc jl i|*T «AB>MCE, MAILED FUS. ' .\ V
1 Q (I, valuable book (or mm/ \
7 UK Jv>sn AN <3r CO., 1051 Market 8t.,8. F. f
IT MAKES A MANSOCIAL FUNCTION
AT MARE ISLAND
Rear Admiral Miller Gives a Recep
tion and Dance to the Offi
cers Stationed at the
Navy Yard.
On Friday afternoon Dr. Ward of the
hospital at Mare Island will give a formal
reception to his mother, Mrs. Ward, who
is on a visit from the East, and Dr. and
Mrs. Bradley of Mare Island.
On Monday next Medical Inspector G.
W, Woods, U. S. N., will be tendered a
reception by Dr. Bradley. Dr. Woods ls
well known on this coast and is at present
ordered here for retirement, this being his
home. Dr. Woods came out from the
East on Wednesday.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
VALLEJO, Aug. 22.— Rear Admiral Mil
ler gave a reception and dancing party to
night to the officers stationed at the Mare
Island Navy-yard and the officers of the
naval vessels now at the yard. The func
tion took place at the Rear Admiral's
home at Mare Island.
The band of the Independence furnished
the music for the occasion. Dancing was
the feature of the evening and at mid
night a dainty supper was served. The
officers in attendance were all in full
dress. The function was one of the most
successful and enjoyable of the season
A number of euests from San Francisco
were present.
Among those present at the Miller re
ception were:
Admiral and Mrs. Merrill Miller, the Misses
Miller. Dr. and Mrs. G. p. Bradley, Dr. and
Mrs. B. R. Ward, Civil Engineer R. O Holli
day, Mrs. F. W. Hibbs, Commander T. S.
{'helps Jr., Paymaster and Mrs. J. Brooks, Dr.
and Mrs. P. A. Loverlngr. Lieutenant and Mrs
G. W. Brown, Captain and Mrs. Whiting Lieu
tenant Kavanaph, Ensign Roper, Lieutenant
and Mrs. Hughes, Captain Goodwin. Dr. Orvls,
Lieutenant Schwartz, Captain Mead. Paymaster
Stanton, Lieutenant and Mrs. Ilurrage, Dr.
Symon, Captain Field, Lieutenant Murfln,' Pay
master and Mrs. Ash, Captain and Mrs. Drake.
Lieutenants Roosevelt, Cutts and Salladay of
the Marine Corps. Captain Davis. Paymaster
Peoples, Constructor and Mrs. McDonald, Miss
McDonald, ! Constructor and Mrs. Roberts, Dr.
and Mrs. Wentworth, Miss Freeman and Mrs!
Cochrane of San Francisco. Judge W. W. Mor
row, Miss English of Oakland, Mrs. Captain
Field,' Chaplain and Mrs. A. A. McAllister,
Rev. and Miss Bollard, Miss Waterman, Dr.
and Mrs. Rush'. Miss Rush, Miss Thomas of
Philadelphia, Mrs. Kelly of San Francisco,
Commander and Mrs. Fechteler, Mr. Macrae,
Mrs. M. L,. Turner, Mrs. J. S. Phillips, Miss
Pitts, Miss Morrow, Dr. and Mrs. McCulIouKh.
Lieutenant and Mrs. Fuel, Lieutenant Jessopi
Lieutenant and Mrs. Slocum, Civil Engineer
and Mrs." Stanford, Paymaster and Mrs. Bacon,
Commander Scheutze.
Adventists ; Gather by the -River.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SANTA CRUZ. Aug. 22.— The Adventists
of the State are to hold their conference
and campmeeting, commencing September
26, In the grove near the covered bridge
along the San Lorenzo River.
GROWTH OF W. C. T. TJ.
Delegates at Annual Meeting at San
Jose Receive a Gratifying Report.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE. Aug. 22.— The twentieth an
nual meeting of the San Jose Woman's
Christian Temperance Union was held to
day in the parlors of the First Presby
terian Church. Mrs. A. M.- Gates pre
sided at the meeting and Dr. A. C. A very
was secretary. The annual report of the
secretary showed the organization to be
in a flourishing condition and that Cali
fornia had gained'500 members in the last
vear. Other reports from the heads of
the various departments of the society
were read. Lunch was served at noon,
and a number of the honorary members
enjoyed a social time. This afternoon
there were addresses by the president,
Mrs. A. M. Gates.' and Miss Severance.
VICTORIA. B. C. Aug. 22.— E. S. Hasey,
United States Marshal at Ketchikan, shot
and killed Dan Robinson, a cannery boss
at that point, on Sunday morning last.
Robinson had resisted arrest and as
saulted the Marshal. Robinson, while
drunk, went to Indlantown and started
to beat his Indian wife. When she ran
into an adjoining hut he followed and
beat the Indian and his wife living there.
Tho Marshal was sent for and on coming
he met Robinson on the street. He called
upon him to surrender. Robinson swora
at the Marshal and the latter fired four
shots at him without effect. Robinson
clinched then and took away the Mar
shal's revolver, which he threw into the
bay. He then seized an oar and struck
Hasey with it a number of times, break
ing his arm in two places ' and severely
cutting his face. He then went Into a
cabin to get a rifle.
The Marshal hurried home and Robin
son followed some time later. As he was
nearing the Marshal's house the latter
commenced firing. One shot penetrated
Robinson's lungs and he lunged forward
dead. ¦
Fisheries Town Shoots and
Kills a Cannery Boss.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
United States Officer at a Northern
MARSHAL'S FIERCE
FIGHT FOR LIFE
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Aug. 22.-
Two members of the faculty have return
ed from a year's leave of absence spent
in travel and study in Europe. They are
Professor James O. Griffin, of the German
department; and Professor D. Spencer,
associate professor of history.
Professors Return to Stanford.
SANTA CRUZ, "Aug. 22.— The Rev.
Father Walter McDonald, who 'Is prefect
of. Maynooth College. Dublin. Ireland, ac
companied by the Rev. P. C. Yorke and
the former's brother, the Rev. James Mc-
Donald of San Francisco, are here on a
visit. This morning the trio of clergymen
went out on the bay fishing lor salmon.
SANTA CRUZ, Aug. 22.— The old Cap
tain Brown Squabble Hollow home, a
landmark ln this county, having been built
during the '50's, has been destroyed by
fire The home has lately been known as
Greendale farm, and was a popular moun
tain summer resort, run by B. L. Dakin.
The house was a large one and contained
fifteen rooms. For many years L. Gerich
ten of San Francisco conducted the place.
At the time" of the fire, on Tuesday, Mr.
Dakin was absent in Soquel and only his
wife was home. The fire started • above
the kitchen and the origin was from a de
tective Hue. The loss is $.7)00, the Insur
ance $3000. ' ..r'
Notable Educator Visits Santa Cruz.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Santa Cruz Landmark Burns.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
"Walter C. Good, a Wealthy Citizen of
Santa Rosa, Drains Too Big a
Draught of Medicine.
SANTA ROSA, Aug. 22.— Walter C. Good,
one of the best known business men of
this city, died here this afternoon as the
result of an 1 overdose of medicine. Last
night about 10 o'clock, feeling indisposed,
he sent a servant for a physician. Dr. J.
E. King was summoned. As nothing par
ticular was the matter with Good, Dr.
Kins mixed up a mild sleeping potion, ad
ministered half of it and took his de
parture. He left the remainder of the po
tion in a glass near the bed. Shortly after
the physician loft Mr. Good drank the en
tire contents of the class. When found
this raornlnK he •was unconscious. Physi
cians and friends worked with him all
morning, but to no purpose. He never
regained consciousness and died at 1
o'clock. Upon the death of his father.
Captain John Good, a few vears ago. Wal
ter C. was left a large fortune. He en
gaged ln the hardware business, and a
year or two ago sold out and retired. He
occupied a handsome residence on Mc-
Donald avenue and had many friends. In
June of last year he was married to Mrs.
Jeanne Stratton Herridge. a well-known
society lady of Oakland. Mrs. Good, who
is at Pacliic Grove, has been notified of
her husband's death.
TWO RUNAWAY ACCIDENTS.
Mnrin County Man and. Stockton
Farmer Are Seriously Injured.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAX RAFAEL, Aug. 22.— John McCrea,
an old resident of this county, vas thrown
from his buggy to-day near his home at
Point San Quentin and was probably fa
tally Injured. He was removed to his
home and medical aid was summoned.
Mr. McCrea for years conducted a hotol at
the Point and is widely known.
STOCKTON. Aug. 22.— George Williams,
a farmer. 60 years of age. was drivinar in
a road cart on the Mariposa road to-day
when his horses took fright. He was
hurled from the cart against a barbed
wire fence along the roadside. Both of
his arms were broken, both Jiands cut by
the barbed wire and he also suffered in
ternal injuries. Ho may die.
Wedding at Santa Cruz.
Epeclal Dispatch to The Call.
SANTA CRUZ, Aug. 22.— The home of
Mr. and Mrs. C. D. Folsom, on Button
street, was the scene of a pretty wedding
last evening, when two popular Santa
Cruz young people. Miss Ida Folsom and
Bertram Izant. were married. The cere
mony was performed by the Rev. E. D.
McCreary of the Methodist church of
Santa Rosa. The young people are prom
inent In the Methodist church and have
many friends.
SALT LAKE. Aug. 22.— The friends of
the Rev. W. Daunt Scott of St. Paul'fe
Kpisccpal Church of this city are making
anxious inquiry as to the whereabouts of
the young minister. Mr. Scott left Salt
Lake on June 26 to take temporary charge
o* the little church at Ben Lomond, near
Santa Cruz. Cal. It is kno^n that he left
there on his way to Salt Lake on August
1. Nothing has been heard from him since
that date, although frequent in-iuiry has
been made.
?
SUCCUMBS TO OVERDOSE
OF A SLEEPING POTION
Strang« Disappearance of a Salt I*ako
Clergyman, Last Heard of
August 1, When He Left
Ben Lomond.
WHERE IS THE REV.
MR. SCOTT OF UTAH ?
Epeclal Dispatch to The Call.
SAN DIEGO. Aug. 22.— From Lower Cal
ifornia comes the report of the alleged dis
covery of a diamond by W. W. Hitch
cock of Bakersfield. He was ln the city
this forenoon and showed some of his
friends a stone which he declares is a dia
mond in the rough. He says that he
picked it up ln Lower California and that
there are more of the same kind where
It came from.
The stone resembled a. rough brown peb
ble before it was broken open, but the In
terior disclosed a transparent gem with a
thin crust for a covering. The trans
parent portion is water white, and he de
clares that its hardness was shown by the
fact that it cut a ruby which he had. The
supposed diamond is large, and if.lt proves
to be what Hitchcock declares it to be It
will be one of the most noted diamonds off
the world.
VAN METER'S CHANCES
ARE SLIGHTLY IMPROVED
Physician Believes the "Wounded Man
May Recover if No Chang-e for
the Worse Occurs.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
FRESNO, Aug. 22.— Attorney E. S. Van
Meter, who was stabbed by Cliff Corlew
Monday, got along nicely to-day and the
prospect for his recovery is better. His
pulse is only slightly above normal and
his temperature does not exceed 100 de
grees. Dr. Long, who is attending him,
says the critical stage in the patient's
condition will be reached to-morrow,
when blood-poisoning, if any has taken
place, will manifest itsdf. If no change
for the worse takes place before to-mor
row night the physician says Van Meter
will have excellent chances of recovery.
Van Meter to-day expressed sorrow for
Corlew. "I'm afraid it will go hard with
him," said he, "and he has a family de
pendent upon him. That's one of the rea
sons why I want to get well and I am
sure I will."
Van Meter's wife and children are con
stantly at his bedside, but no one else is
allowed to see him.
INTERESTS THE COAST.
Postoffice Changes and List of Pen
sions Issued.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON. Aug. 22.-The postofflce
at Rucker, Santa Clara County, ls discon
tinued, the district to be supplied by rural
free delivery. Mall should be sent "to Gil
roy.
Postmasters appointed: California-
Luther Redemeyer. Cahto, Mendoclno
County, vice W. F. Wade, resigned; L.
E. Tarwater, Kellogg, Sonoma County,
vice Silas Cottrell, resigned.
Oregon — E. A. Parker, Price, Crook
County, vice H. S. Richards, resigned; M.
W. See, Warm Spring, Crook County, vice
W. H. See, resigned.
Pensions issued: California— Original-
Alfred Pharis. Sutter Creek, $6; David M.
Jacobs, San Luis Obispo, $6; John W.
Horton. Lodl, 18; Christopher C. Huffaker,
Westport, $6; Albert J. Cory, Coultervilk-,
$S; Henry S. Clay, Marysville, $8; William
Blakesley, Cosumne. $6. Increase — Jame.s
r>. Douglas, Oakland, $8: John J. Semazy,
Florin, $10. Original widows— Harriet E.
Godfrey, Centervllle, $S; Rebecca A. Van-,
slyke, Los Angeles. $8; Annie L. Johnson,
Redlands. $9. - -y • » - .
Washington — Original — George. SI: Burns,
Everett, $8; Willard A. Johnson, Creston,
$8. Increase— William H. Jordan, Chaney,
$S; Alvlja R. Fisher, Garfleld, $S.
Bakersfield Prospector Shows San Di
egans a Gem "Which He Claims ~
He Discovered in Low
er California.
FINDS DIAMONDS
IN DESERT LANDS
Raisin Growers Elect a San Francis
can as Director and Conclude
a Big Deal.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
FRESNO. Aug. 22.— The directors of the
California Raisin Growers' ' Association
met. this afternoon and elected Louis F.
Monteagle of San Francisco a fifth mem
ber of the board, to succeed President M.
Theodore Kearney, whose resignation was
accepted by the growers at yesterday's
mass meeting. The new director has ex
tensive vlnevard and orchard Interests in
Kings and Tulare counties. He was com
municated with this evening, and replied
that he would accept the .position.
The directors, while electing Kearney's
successor as a director, have not the
power to till his place as president, and
the association will be without a chief
executive until the regular election in
April. The growers are divided into two
factions— Kearney and anti-Kearney.
At the mass-meeting yesterday the
Kearneyltes had 305 votes and the antf-
Kearneyites 3S5. The latter were divided
among several candidates, however, and if
an attempt had been made to elect a pres
ident Kearney would have won by a large
plurality. The nnti-Kearneyites. therefore
united on putting the election of presi
dent oft till April and letting the directors
appoint a fifth member of the board.
The directors of the association held a
protracted meeting to-night, and just be
fore midnight arranged one of the biggest
raisin deals In the history of the county.
The entire residue of last year's crop, ag
gregating over a hundred carloads, was
sold to three local firms at schedule prices.
MONTEAGLE SUCCEEDS
M. THEODORE KEARNEY
SAN* RAFAEL. Aug. 22.— Engineer
Ernest G. Thomas, of the Mount
Tamalpals Railway, is dead as the
result of an accident, which, it Is
said was due to his own careless
ness. But when his engine left the track,
before plunging over an embankment, he
repolutely remained at his post. The ac
cident that cost him his life proved a
thrilling experience for the trainmen and.
live passengers, though they escaped un-
At 7 o'clock this morning the train bound
cityward, left the summit. The enpine was
a thirty-two ton mountain climber, and
attached to it was a single open car, con
taining five passengers. The train was in
charge of Conductor J. A. Compere.
When the train reached a curve on the
road, about one-third of the distance
from the summit, the locomotive left the
rall3 and plunged over the edge of a steep
canyon. As the engine left the rails, the
fireman. Antone Marina, sprang from the
cab in time to save his life, but Engineer
Thomas clung to the throttle and went
over with his engine, which, held back
by the car that had been pulled crosswise
the State cf Washington: head sentry. Dr. ls.
I* Steeves of Idaho; editor and publisher ff
the Paciflc Woodman. A. C. Keith of Helena.
The selection of the place for the next
meeting will be made to-morrow after
noon - .
SAX KAFAEU Au?. 22.— The pumpinff station
of the North Paciflc Coast Railroad at Roaa
Valley was totally destroyed by fire at 7 o'elorK
this evening. The, cause of the fire ls un
known. The loss 13 about $1200.
Election of the Heads of the Order
at the Annual Session ox
the Delegates at
Salt Lake.
SALT LAKE. Aug. 22.— The Woodmen
of the World settled down to the election
of officers to-day. Head Consul F. A.
Falkenberg of Denver. Head Auditor
Bertschy of Denver and Head Clerk Boak
of Oakland were all unanimously re-elect
ed. Head Adviser Bartholomew of San
Diego. Cal., waa elected by a vote of 371
over W. M. Elliott of Salt Lake, who re
ceived 557 votes. Head Banker Cooper of
Portland was re-elected over David Olive
of San Francisco. Other officers electcJ
were:
Head managers— W. C. Hawley of Salem. Or. :
C. A. Koepfli of Seattle and C. V. r.enson ot
Lovel. Coft). Head escort. W. A. Wyman of
Chevenne: head watchman. X. O. Baldwin i>f
WOODMEN OF THE
WORLD'S OFFICERS
CLARK WILL RUSH
HIS OVERLAND LINE
New Road When Built Will Be Oper
ated in Conjunction "With Zither
the Union Pacific or the
Burlington.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES. Aug. 22.— When Sena
tor W.*'A. Clark and Ills syndicate have
the.ir proposed new railroad between Los
Angeles and Salt Lake City in operation
they will make tariff arrangements eithe
wlth the Union Pacific or Burlington, and
this city will have a new outlet direct to
Chicago and St. Louis.
While those here conversant with the
plans are not yet giving details for publi
cation. President George B. Leighton, of
the Terminal admits that work on the
new road will be begun within a com
paratively short time and will be rushed
to completion. This route is expected to
be via San Bernardino through San
Gorgonia Pass, across the Santa Fe
Pacific near Ludlow, which is half way
between Barstow and Needles; thence to
Pioche. Nevada, and to Frisco, in Utah,
or to Milford. The Oregon Short Line can
be Intercepted at the last named point.
The total length of the new mileage,
which has to be constructed, will be about
600 miles.
Senator W. A. Clark has already made
payment of $250,000 upon the new purchase
and is understood to have guaranteed to
assume obligations at once for $1,500,000.
over the track, hung over the edge of the
canyon, which ls about 200 feet deep.
As the locomotive turned over, a steam
pipe in the cab broke, and the escaping
steam scalded Thomas, who was uncon
scious in the wreck. As soon as Marina
was on his feet again, he ran to extricate
Thomas, and in a shower of scalding
water he dragged the inanimate form of
the engineer from the cab, while the pas
sengers and the conductor, who had hast
ily leaped from the car. rendered such as
sistance as they could. Thomas was re
moved to his home in Mill Valley, where
the physicians who had been summoned
found that his skull had been fractured
that he had been terribly scalded about
the eyes and body and had also inhaled
the steam. He died this evening at 6:30.
None of the passengers were Injured-.
At the scene of the wreck, the track
was blocked by the twisted car standing
across the rails. The upturned engine lay
on the slope, of the canyon, prevented
from rolling down by the stout couplings
that held it to the car. A wrecking crew
under the direction of S. B. Cushing gen
eral manager of the road was soon at
work and cleared the track. The dam
age to the engine, it is stated, will not
be over JoOO. The accident did not long
interrupt travel.
It was Btate^ to-night that the accident
was due to the carelessness of tho engi
neer-that ho ran too fast on a tangent
and jammed on the airbrakes while on
the curve, causing the engine to leave the
o^ C u k rVea t o Wa ?he h ro n ad S . t aCCldent that has
Engineer Thomas was a native of this
ft a MIli a v e alle ! years> and leav es a family
SCEXES AT THE WRECK ON
MOUNT TAMAXPAIS. THE TWO
. VIEWS OF THE OVERTURNED
LOCOMOTIVE WERE TAKEN
WHILE THE WRECKING
CREW WAS AT WORK CLEAR
ING THE TRACK AND TRYING
TO RAISE THE ENGINE.
By FRED A. MEALY.
CperlaJ Correspondent for The Call at !>on«.
NOME. Aug. 5.— The general situation
at Nome is unchanged as far as the gen
eral depression of business and prosperity
is concerned. The rain nas come, bringing
the cold and dampness, but no gold.
Emallpox has bten eradicated and nothing
is now epidemic save crime. That is
rampant ard is getting woree and worse
with every succeeding- twenty-four hours.
Highway robbery and burglary are com
mon occurrence* and two unsuccessful
•Uempti a.t incendiarism have aJso been
discovered though the perpetrators of
the- attempted outrages escaped detection.
Money is growing t-carce and a large pro
portion ut the population are rapidly ap
proacnlSK a state of desperation that
augurs Hi fcr the peace and quiet of the
coming winter. Many of these people
¦would leave for home it they could; but,
•£ they are absolutely without money,
they see no prospect ahead but to remain
and get enough to live on ln any manner
they can. As a large percentage of these
people are professional grafters, you can
eee the promising outlook that is pictured
by the present situation. The authorities
row have the mattc-r under consideration
end will probably take some radical
erasures to cope with it before many
ca;.> have passed.
The one topic of conversation, however,
which holds the general tongue to the ex
clusion ot all else, is the discussion on
Xty probable outcome of the case of
Cbippe vs. Lfndenberg. Lindenbom and
Bryxenson. This case is the first one of
th»- Anvil and Dexter Creek cases to come
up before District Judge Noyes. The mat
ter «ime before the court a few days agt>
In the form of an application on motion
to s.-t aside the receiver. Alexander Mc-
Kenzie. who had been appointed by the
court to handle the treasure and a"ffairs
of Discovery, a rlaim saJd to Day $15,0"<U
a day. on the small bond of $5000. 'It may
no stated that the appointment was made
intn* ex parte motion of the plaintiff.
c <P 5>ii {. "' lis to set McKenzie
aMde has bf-cn in argument before the
court for the last few days, and a de
clsion is expected either to-day or to
rn' >rr«tw.
There is much gossip concerning the
trial. Th»>re arp rumors that Judge Xoyes
owes his present position to the political
influence of Alexander McKenzie.
it la said also that a scheme to jump the
Anvil and Dexter Creek claims was con
cocted last winter in Washington and
-•\^w ork and that a company known as
the Alaska Gold Minfng Company was
f.rme.i in the latter place for the express
purpose, of ptptLtlox by this transaction,
r, r,* Sm< Jf r TT M > r , K>I ? zle ls its President:
Oliver p Hubhard. one of the attorneys
for the plaintiff; Robert Chipps is said "to
be its secretary, and Chipps himself is
gmenUr supposed to be one of the prin
cipal directors.
The Fchcme. P o these gossips sav, is to
bKtftme a lawpult for the purpose of
f ither gptting hold of the propertv entlrelv
or mo tying it up in litigation that' the orig
inal owners cannot get hold of It for a
f« a ,£ e k 5*55 or rnore - Wlth the cla !ms
in the hands of a receiver it will be easily
pern the proflts that would be ln any com
l)l "V nn between the man controlling the
working to the disputed ground and either
one oi tho litigants.
LIVED ON RAW BIRD
MEAT FOR SIX DAYS
Terrible Experience of William J.
Phillips, Just Back From Capo
Nome Gold Fields.
"There Is still lots of gold to be dug
Jn The Nome region." So says William J.
Phillip? of San Francisco, who has Just
reiurnod to this cit;- after spending two
years in Alaska. He has claims on Basin
Crr-ck and at points 200 or more miles
t f he%^rto an wU%nerT tS * "^ ™
••Thf'crf-am of the b*ach' has beer
WOTtoa out." Bald Mr. Mumps, "but there
is still plenty of metaJ in the outlying
districts. Th-re have been men who have
taken out C30Q •ucdSStt a day on the beach,
but the majority have not averaged over
J.'. or U. The men worked as close to
other as they could swing their picks
ana not strike one another."
J5 r V. I 2 ll Mi p 5 rcl u,\ cs a lhrillin S adventure
which he had while traveling- in the Kot-
Zf-bue Sound country In the spring of ISirt
Ho was on a trail from Ambler River to
Nome. Upon rearhins: the head waters
rL^r K . u * a r uk Klv<?r th <" lee broke and
Phillips barely escaped with his life H ( .
lost his f!c.1 and entire outfit, inciudin"
th** provisions. Jr
"AJI I Ka<1 was the clothes on my back "
he said. "My friend was Fome distance
back and he managed to save his sled
WV; wore nine days from Nome and mv
friend had just enough food to last him
tha-t lonp. I could Fee starvation starinp
me in the face. We decided that our
only hor-e was to turn back to Good Hope
Day. relying 1 upon kind Providence to pro
vide for us when the food pave out. \V<»
found that it would be impossible to pet
back by way of the river fo we took the
ri<1?p of the mountains. We ate sparingly
of the food and when the last of it was
pone, after we had been elpht days travel
ing, we found that our destination was
Ft ill a pood ways off. I will never forgot
th<* fcling that came over me as the
panpF of hunftr Increased and there waj
no food to appease the craving. It ¦was
av.ful. Finally, as a last resort, my friend
brought out his rifie and bagged a ptar
migan, whi'-h is about the slz« of a Cal
ifornia pig«on. We stripped off the feath
er*, washed the bird and then cut him
In two, each of us taking half. There
vraa no fuel so we had to eat the bird
raw. Well. I had always been a. detester
cf raw meat, but after the first few bites
jt tasted as g-ood as a broiled chicken,
and for the next five days we lived on
the raw meat of this bird. If my friend
hf=d not happened to have his gun with
him we would surely have starved ' to
dfath."
Among the Calif crnians who are doing;
well In the Nome district, according to
Mr. Phillips are R. J. -McKenzle of tho
fiarramento ' Valley and "Ike" Duryea,
both or whom left here Jn 1S9S and now
»wn paying claims.
Eumors Are Rife in the Northern
City of a Deep-Laid Scheme
to Profit et Expense
of Miners.
TALE OF CLAIM JUMPING PLOT
Conditions That Argue 111
for the Peace of the
Camp Next Winter.
Human Wolves Prey
ing on Citizens of
Substance.
RAMPANT
IS CRIME
AT NOME
Locomotive Plminiges Over a Cainyoira's Edge '-at a Cmrve
ora«tHie lionet Tamalpais Railway With Fatal
y Result to a TraHimmaira.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN RAFAEL, Aug. 22.— At the
session of the Grand Council of the T. M.
I. to-day several Important amendments
to the constitution were carried after con
siderable discussion, among them being an
amendment allowing local councils to
elect an executive committee of three,
with terms of office from six to twelve
months.
The next Important amendment passed
was that offered by Grand President St.
Sure yesterday providing for the abolish
ment of the lecture bureau and board of
publication, and the creating of a scholar
ship at St. Patrick's Seminary at Menlo
Park. This amendment was thoroughly
discussed yesterday and to-day and was
finally carried unanimously.
There is still an active canvass beinp
made by the candidates for the different
offices and the election which comes off
to-morrow promises to be quite lively. L>.
E. Mahan will probably be elected grand
president. George Stanley seems to be in
line for the grand secretaryship.
The council sent a telegram of sympathy
to Grand Director T. J. Kelly of Santa
Cruz, who lost his brother. Tobia3 Kelly,
by drowning about a month ago.
After adjournment this afternoon the
delegates were tendered a reception and
musicale by the Mother Superior of the
Dominican College of the city. A fine pro
gramme was arranged, the young lady
pupils participating.
To-night the delegates attended a grand
bill given in Hall Raphael. The already
beautiful decorations were added to and
the hall presenteda splendid sight. Dancing
and music were the order of the evening
and all noted that they had a good time.
Special late trains conveyed many guests
from and to San Francisco during the
evening. The following is the committee
who had charge of the ball: Emmett Hay
den, Edward Conway. W. Eden, Arthur
Scott and M. F. Cochrane.
TO MEET AT DEL MAE.
Grand Council of Catholic Indies'
Aid Society Convenes Tuesday.
SANTA CRUZ. Aug. 22.— The Grand
Council of the Catholic Ladles' Aid So
ciety of California will convene ln annual
session next Tuesday at Hotel Del Mar.
The council will be opened with a high
mass at 8:30 a. m.. to be celebrated In the
parlors of the hotel. Father McNamie of
the local church Is to deliver the opening
address.
The absence of the errand president,
Mrs. Margaret- Deane of San Francisco,
who has never missed a Grand Council,
will be regretted.*, Her place will be taken
by the vice president, Miss Marcella Fitz
gerald of Gilroy.
Social Features of the Convention at
San Rafael Include Diver
sions Pleasing to the
Delegates.
Important Amendment to the
Constitution Passes the
Grand Council.
CREATING A SCHOLARSHIP
LECTUBE BUREAD
OF THE Y. M. I.
IS ABOLISHED
ENGINEER PERISHES
AT THE THROTTLE
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL., THURSDAY, AUGUST 23, 1900.
5
The waters are noted for their thousand* of
cures of Rheumatism. Cout.Lead and Mercurial
Poisoning. Liver and Kidney Diseases, Neural-
gia, Dyspepsia and all Bladder and Urinary
Complaints. Hotel and cottages renovated.
Baths refitted and Improved. Magnincent
scenery, delightful walks. Hunting and ash-
Ing. No fogs. Uneqnaled for hea'th. rest and
recreation. Rates, $12 to $14 per week. Trains
leave Third and Townsend streets. S. F., 9 a.
m and t:*i p. m. daily. Carriages at Gilroy
tor springs. For Illustrated pamphlets adilresa
R. ROBERTSON. Proprietor.
Imreat doye stew
RM. August 26ti at *
llilffii HftT SPRINGS^..
Round Trip, Ons and One-Third Fare. I
Illustrated booklet and further Infor- I
mation of FRANK W. ELY. City Agent. I
Tel. Red 23SG. MO Market St.. S. F. I
OTTO E. NEVER. Prop.. Paso Itobles.CaO. ]
SISSON TAVERN.
Where Shaata'a summit, clad In snow.
Emlles down on Nature's broad expanse
Far from the chilling summer togs and fr»e
from winds and dust and heat. SISSON TAV-
ERN 3500 feet above the sea level, on the ever-
Kreen elopes of Shasta. la the Ideal spot for a
summer vacation. Near It the great forests ot
pine and cedar and hemlock, around It a wide
expanse ot meadows, about It th« perfect
beauty of Shasta.
For the Idler— rest. For the hunter— the rreat
game of the mountains. For the angler— the
salmon and the trout In the headwaters of the
Sacramento and the Klamath. ALL AT SIS-
EON'S DOOR. The tavern Is new and fresh
and clean with every modern comfort. The
railway brings one almost to \he door. "Where
Nature Is her grandest, come ana learn now
grand her Inspirations are. Rates. $10 to 112
per week. $2 50 per day. Guides and hors»s
for mountain cllmbinjt. MRS., M. L. SISSON.
Proprietor. Slsson. CaL
PlliD UECLTD Free from fnss and cold
vAjII lUETKCK winds. The Popular Resort
Amons RedwcofJs of Sonoma Co.: Free Boat-
ing. Uathlng. Fishing and Hunting. Lots sell
from $10 to JTa Cottages built from $30 and
upward. Board and Idling. J6 per week: un-
furnished rooms. $1 per week. Address II. M.
GREGSON. Camp Meeker.
Cl/iVrrC HOT SPRINGS. SONOMA
OrVHUUO County; only 4S hour*
staging; waters noted for medicinal virtues;
best natural bath in State; «rand Mountain
scenery: geed trout streams at door: telephone,
telegraph: dally mall and express: FIRST-
CLASS HOTEL AND STAGE SERVICE;
morning and afternoon stages; round trip from
San Francisco only K> 50. Take TIburon ferry
at 7:30 a. m. or 2:30 p. m. Terms. $2 a aay or
$12 a week. References— ....ny guest of ths past
five years; patronage constantly Increasing.
J. F. MULGREW. Proprietor.
LAUREL DELL LAKE.
The most attractive place In Lake County to
spend your vacation. Boatlnc. bathln*. bowl-
ing, tennis, livery, new walks, etc. Write for
circular to H. WAMBOLP.
L?.^rel Dell. Lake County. Cal.
EL MONTE HOTEL. £5
mate, beautiful drives: average temperature
?0 degrees: no wind cr mosquitoes: J hours
from Ran Francisco: 5 tra'n.» dally; no con-
sumptives taken. JKO. NEVILL. Proprietor.
KLAMATtt HOT SPRlTtCS.
The healthiest resort in the prettiest county in
California. Trout fishing— finest in the State —
Shove! Creek. 15 miles for casting. Hunting—
plenty of g-ame In surrounding mountains—
grouse, quail, deer and bear. EDSON BROS..
Proprietors. Beswlck. Slskiyou County. Cal.
THE GEYSERS, £— ?
ONE OF NATURE'S WONDERS.
Natural steam baths, swimming, flsbia*.
buntine and livery. Writ* tor pamphlat. I.
WERTHEIMER. lianaxer.
Only they who use it
know the luxury of it.
Pears' is the purest and
best toilet soap in all the
world.
Pears'
CALIFORNIA UOi :PRINGSK££3, r .&
Springs; new management; a place of comfort
all seasons: 46 mll«rs from S. F.. via Tib'Jron
ferry R R. station en hotel grounds: exten-
sive swimming tank; 110 £0 and up per wf>ek;
round trip fl 10 on Sunday. COOPER & STEW-
ART. Aeua Caliente. CaL Lons-dl»tance pbone.
BLUE LAKES,
Lake Co.; fine :uni'ia coating, bathing anl
bunting; ln the fwjg " f the mountains. Tna
best table in I.-m- ... Address O. WEIS-
MAN. Mldlak* ' 'ke Co.. CaL
ST. HELENA SANITARIUM. .STi*
Napa Valley. The Institution has all the ad-
var.uisrs of a health resort as well a* being; a>
fully equipped sanitarium. Carriage meets all
trains at St. Helena. Send for circular. Address
6T HELENA SANITARIUM. St. Helena. CaJ.
KAHLGR'S new summer resort. Cazadero, Cat
—Home cooklns. excellent fishing and hunt*
Ins: general mdse.. choice liquors, cigars;
popular prices.
FAMOUS
OILROY HOT SPRINGS
f HEALTH MAXIMS. 1
n ,y, -
jj Twelve Things Everyone Must||
a Not Do to Avoid Sickness. c
Ln n
[n Don't try to cool too quickly after exercising. [0
0 Don't allow a cough to become chronic. Take Peruna. ru
{] Don't sleep in the same undergarment you wear during [jj
Q the day. jn
J Don't use any catarrh medicine except Peruna. lr|
} Don't expose yourself unnecessarily during the first hot J^J
n days of spring. p\
|] Don't fail to cleanse your system thoroughly with Peruna, ju
{] a/rtf send for a free copy of "Summer Catarrh. " R
rO Don't sleep in a draught, nor fail to take Peruna if you Cj
pi catch cold. Ln
[}j Don't fail to get a copy of "Health and Beauty" if you are a 1{]
Cj miserable, ailing woman. JO
h Don't fail to consult Dr. Mart man by letter, if you have any [j]
K] chronic diseases. Advice free. Qj
p] Don't drink ice water la hot weather. It will produce \n
nj cholera morbus. In
Pj Don't fail to send to The Peruna Medicine Co., Columbus, kj
Dj Ohio, for a free copy of "Facts and Faces. " 10
K Don't fail to clip this out and give it to any Mend you think 3
[{] may need it. [}j
AD V F. KTIR B Jfl RN TS.
In
••• a Tent
At (Con)-Tented City. Coronado
Beach, you can live as neat. cool,
comfortable and economical as at
borne. Hundreds now there say
nothing compares with it.
At 168 Market Street,
SAN FRANCISCO.
Tou can learn about it, or write
E. S. BABCOCK,
CORONADO BEACH. CAL.The gambling instincts of the Chinese, it is said,
may! lead them to cast their lot - t with the foreigners.
It is a reasonably safe bet. however, that the foreign
ers will [hot: hazard much on the alliance.-
Since the Supervisors have adopted a; Jaw intended
tcclose the notorious dives of the city it will be in
teresting to see what new excuse the police will pre
sent to avoid the performance of their evident duty.
! The officials of the insane asylum at Stockton re-
I port that they have received a patient who went insane
I because he couldn't .^et married. : The divorce courts
! tell the tale of scores who are on the verge of insanity
I because they could and did get married. It ft all in
: the point of view. . •
THE JAPS.
When the drummer gently tap:j
Close together swing the Japs;
The natty little, - /
Ratty little r
Japs, Japs, Japs!
All their faces are a-shlne
As they move in rhythmic line;
The happy little,
Snappy little .
Japs, Japs, Japs!
They are little, but I know
"Where they're led they'll surely go; -
The ready little,
Steady little
Japs. Japs, Japs!
They will battle with their might— .
For they're Yankees In a fight!
¦ These wiry little,
Fiery little '
Japs, Japs, Japs!
— Cleveland Plaliv Dealer.
The only way to keep the day free from holiday
sports is that which has now been proposed. A Sun
day celebration would not be a holiday in the ordi
nary sense of the word. It remains to be seen, how
ever, -whether the public would consent to the change.
When a people have grown up in the custom of cele
brating a pnrticular day. it is not easy to induce th?m
to abandon it. Should the Grand Army adopt the
resolution suggested snd hold their services on Sun
day it is probable the general public would still insist
cn its own holiday and celebrate it without the aid of
the veterans. It is certainly an interesting issue and
one that will be followed with no little attention
throughout the country.
That some such movement should be started is not
unnatural. It has been noted for some~"time past
that many earnest persons have been dissatisfied with
the way in which Memorial day has come to be cele
brated by the general mass of the people. There
have been criticisms time and again upon the toler
ance of sports, games, picnics and other forms of
frolicking on that day. Of course, such criticisms
could not affect the conduct of those criticised. When
a day has been set apart as a holiday, it is not within
the scope of our Government nor within the power
cf public sentiment to force a man to celebrate it in
any other way than he chooses. The day happens to
come at a season of the year when throughout all
the Northern States every one delights in getting out
into the woods and ric'.ds and to indulge in open air
games. Consequently it was inevitable that the popu
lar form of celebrating the day should depart more
and more from that which was designed by* the
founders of it.
!~\ CCORDING to a report from the East, a
/ \ movement will be made at the Grand Army
* encampment at Chicago next week to change
the date of the annual memorial observance from May
30 to the last Sunday in May. The object of the pro
posed movement is to get rid of the tendency to
make the day a general holiday and preserve for it
the solemn and sacred character of a day set apart for
the memory of the patriotic dead.
MEMORIAL D0Y OBSERVANCE,
It can hardly be necessary to point out to the Re
publicans of the Eleventh District what they must
do under such circumstances to maintain the honor of
their district and their party. It matters not who is
running against him, Mr. Belshaw should be elected;
The Call has accurate information from reliable
sources that these threats against business men sup
porting Mr. Belshaw have been made by representa
tives of the railroad. Should occasion require it, the
names will be published. There is no doubt about
the matter. The Southern Pacific Company in its
malignant hatred of Mr. Belshaw is now attempting
to defeat him by threatening injury to the business
interests of those who support him.
Men who have business relations with the South
ern Pacific and whose business affairs can be seri
ously injured by the railroad have been thus notified
that they must expect to bear the consequences of the
displeasure of the Southern Pacific Company if they
support Mr. Belshaw for the State Senate.
The Call has information that men who are
supporting Mr. Belshaw have been told by represen
tatives of the Southern Pacific Company that such
action is regarded by the railwaj' officials as an act
of hostility to the railroad, and they have been warned
that it will be to their detriment if they continue.
DURING the regular and the extra session of
the . Legislature, when the Southern Pacific
Company, aided by certain disreputable bosses
in San Francisco, was endeavoring to procure the
election of Burns to the United States Senate, no
Republican stood more faithfully and firmly by the
honor of the party .md the welfare of the State than
C. M. Belshaw, at that time a member of the Assem
bly. The Southern Pacific Company noted the zeal
with which he combated the railroad schemes and
put him upon the political blacklist — marked him as
one whom the railroad and its tools would oppose
from that time on.
Mr. Belshaw is now a candidate for the Republican
nomination for the Senate in the Eleventh District.
The railroad has set all its bosses and its push at work
to defeat him. The tactics employed by the company
in the fight are unscrupulous, and there is no limit
put upon the means or the methods which it makes
use of in the effort to defeat this honest representative
of the people and of true Republicanism.
THE FIGHT AGAINST BELSrjflW.
SUIT FOR LITTLE BOY.
The suit represented in the Illustration
is made of thin light beige covert cloth,
with collar and chemisette of white ba
tiste trimmed with pleats of the same ma
terial. The belt is of yellow leather. The
chemisette Is made with sleeves so that
it can be worn without tho jacket. ".
j Before the Oakland Superinteadent writes "idiot" op
j positethe names of such children, we advise his Board
j cf Directors to completely equip their Central Gram
j mar School manual department, for it needs it, and
j give to these children the opportunity to combine head
I and hand in smithing, carpentry, mechanical drawing,
I cooking, weaving, tailoring and other manual opera
\ tions. "- We are sure that the. results will be gratifying.
j If it were our case we would rather take the revenues
i that now go to support one entire ward school in thnt
; city and devote them to a plant for manual training,
j than wring the heart of a single-parent by condemn
j ing a child as a cretin.
The hectic and artificial conditions which idealists
have forced into the schools are not producing re
sults which the people have a right to expect. When
manual training schools, fully equipped, have been
made a part of public school systems, results unfore
seen and very satisfactory have followed. It has been
found that a very large majority of children consid
ered dull and defective in their classes, indifferent and
insubordinate, have found their proper place in the
manual school, where they evince the greatest
interest, make the most satisfactory progress, drop
their dullness and indifference, and are finally led into
a full and useful education through the use of mind
and hand together.
Many fail to keep that pace for physical reasons,
not related to brain-cell development at all. There
are many peculiar defects .of vision which handicap
children and make them seem dull. , When these de
fects are remedied by the oculist and optician there is
no further complaint of the child's capacity. It is the
opinion of many sound educators that the common
school curriculum is, overloaded and that the system
is keyed up to the maximum precocity of children,
instead of being adjusted to the average. All chil
dren are not equal in 'development and observation
confirms the conclusion that those who" develop late
are usually the most reliable and have the^best staying
qualities in after life.
SLOW CHILDREN.
THE Superintendent of the Oakland schools fa
vors the exclusion from the classes of children
who don't keep up, on the theory that they are
mentally deficient. It may be true that there are a
few children who, by atrophy of the thyroid gland,
are suffering from deficient cerebral nutrition. But
it is probably truer that the pace set in the public
schools is too fast for the average child.
FASHION HINT FROM PARIS.
' "Why do you think he will vote for
• Eryan? Is he in favor of 16 to 1?"
1 "Well. I can't say as to that, but I hap
pen to know that he's one of the most
dissatisfied men that ever drew the breath
of life, and that makes me reasonably
-certain as to his politics."— Chicago Post.
REASONABLY SURE SIGN.
A TIE.
Desmond— Money is certainly the slip
periest thing: on .earth.
Osmond— Oh; I don't lenow; there'3 time.
—Detroit Free Press.
"Which side do you favor In this Anglo-
Russian rivalry for Asiatic influence?" ¦
"I can't tell yet." answered the Chinese
Empress. "I haven't opened my morn
ing's mail and noted the remittances." -
LIKE ANT OTHER "WOMAN
"Do birds think?" asks a writer in open
inK n curious article.
" If they do, we would like to know what
a canary bird thinks of the woman who
rtand* on a chair and talks "baby talk"
to it through the wires of the cage.
WISHES IT HAD A GUN.
Young Lady— Give me one yard of— why,
haven't I seen you before?
Dry Goods Clerk — Oh. Maud, can you
have forpotten me? I saved your life at
the seaside last summer.
Young Lady (warmly)— Why. of course
you did! You may give me two yards of
this ribbon, please.
SHE WAS SO GxtATEFUL.
all sides. Finding himself reflected in
every direction, he said that he "supposed
he was at a meeting of the clerjry. and
there seemed to be a very respectable at
tendance."
The Republicans of the Forty-first are warned to
be on guard against the trick. Dibble should
not be permitted to profit in the least by such cunning
as that. Let the word be passed along among the
Tank and file. The man who is trying, this trick in
the primaries would be equally tricky in the Legisla
ture.
It is hardly necessary to point out that the members
of the State Committee and of the National Com
mittee should not be candidates for election in this
contest. Should any disputes arise over the results,
the determination of them would doubtless be carried
to the State Committee and therefore the members of
that body should hold themselves strictly impartial.
That will appear so plain to intelligent and fair
niir.ded men that it requires no argument
It will be seen that the trick consists in putting up
prominent members of the national and State com
mittees for the purpose of adding strength to his local
ticket. It is his expectation that voters for the one
will also vote for the other and that he will thereby
win out despite popular objection to him.
In designing the trick he has taken advantage of
the fact that there are to be elected to-morrow dele
gates to the State convention as well as delegates to
the legislative and judicial convention. In the State
convention Dibble has little or no interest. His fight
is to obtain the election of Dibble delegates to the
local convention so as to get for himself the nomina
tion for Assemblyman. To achieve that he has placed
at the head of his ticket a State convention ticket,
containing the names of \Y. C. Van Fleet of the Re
publican National Committee; George Stone, chair
man of the State Central Committee, and J. B. Dut
tcn and Wakefield Baker, members of the executive
committ'c of the State Committee. m ~'
and that his ticket if left to itself would be ut
terly defeated at the primaries to-morrow, Dibble
has sought to save himself by a^Hck which is about
as cunning and as unscrupulous as any ever played in
California politics.
PERCEIVING that the decent Republicans of
the Forty-first District are opposed to him
DIBBLE'S LATEST Tr^ICK
MINTS— O. S., City. The United States
parent mint is located at. Philadelphia
and the branch mints at San Francisco,
Carson City and New Orleans. The
United States assay offices are located at
New York, St. Loui3, Denver, Colorado;
P.olse City. Idaho, ar.d Charlotte. North
Carolina.
A rOLICE COURT CASE— M. G., City.
If you called on r, tenant for rent who re
fused to pay you and laid violent hands
upon you to eject you. and the indivdual
i has acknowledged that he assaulted you,
I the parties being willing to testify that he
I made such acknowledgment, then you
I can lay a complaint in the Police Court
for his arrest for battery.
STEVENSON — Subscriber. Parkfleld.
Cal. During the civil war Adlai E. Ste
venson was Master In Chancery in Illi
nois, occupying that position from 1SG0 to
1S64. In that year he canvassed the State
for McCle'.lan. having been nominated a
Presidential Elector on the Democratic
ticket.
SUBIG EAT INCIDENT— X. S.. City. In,
The Call of September 24. page one. col
umn six, and of September 25, page three,
column one. you will find an account of
the capture of Subig. Island of Luzon. P.
I. You can consult the file of the paper
in the reference room of the Free Public
Liorary.
LEGAL HOLTDAY-A. L. G.. Irvington.
Cal. Governor Gage on the 2Sth of last
July declared September 11 a legal holiday
in order to carry out the four days' cele
bration of the golden anniversary of the
admission of the State. •
A VULTURES EGG— A. M. L.. Lucia.
Monterey County, Cal. If you have a vul
ture's egjj of large size you might offer it
to the officers of Golden Gate Park, to bo
added to the collection of eggs there.
ANSWEHS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
The Call does not hold Itself responsible lor
the opinions published In this column, but
presents them for whatever value they may
ha\e as communications of general Interest.
Editor Call—Dear Sir: I have been for
some time thinking of writing to you re-
Sardins a Question which Is of vital Im-
portance to every family in the United
States—a question which when solved and
put into effect will make the paper that
pushes it to a finish one of the most popu-
lar in the TTnitfd State* and that t* thp
? I ii U"uea states, ana that is, the
nationalization of the grammar school
text books. As every person knows that
sends children to school, the cost of books
in California Is a most outrageous tax.
and not alone a tax, for if a family should
move from one county to another many
of the books necessary in one county are
not used in another, but different ones are
demanded by the county Boards of Edu-
cation, which, by the way. are one of the
moat useless bodies of tax-eaters that is
authorized by law. Then when some poor
family moves out of the State into an-
other every book used is useless, and an-
ether set for all the children must be pur-
chased or begged for; often families have
not the mean3 necessary to purchase,
Now, ?.Ir. Editor, what should be done Is
for the United States Government to ap-
Point some competent persona, which it
is to be hoped would be able to turn out
some better samples than California has
peen , f °r some time have ' them edit a
%?*F*& Sl^^^^f^
the entire country. A child in Florida dots
not require an;/ different education in the
grammar school than one in California,
»nd there li no reason, outside of this
fl"ancial one.that can be urged. You know
what a miserable farce It has been for the
state to print our school books and what
miserable books they .are in every way.
a11 resulting from dragging the question
J, nt ° po 1V tI CSf«1E d l\J s i lme th? 1 a halt
J^^SSS^gSS^SSS&
who Is appointed to examine into its
methods, it is nothing more nor lcs than
a bribe, and the school book question will
never be righted that way and I hope
Mr. Editor, you. with youf ability to set
statistics, will place the matter before the
people so clearly that they will insist on
our Congressmen and Senators formu
lating plans to bring about some such
change. a HOUIN'SON*
I Benicia, Aug. 22, 1900.
THE NATIONALIZATION OF
GRAMMAR SCHOOL TEXTBOOKS
WASHINGTON, Aug. 22.— D. A. Fenyes.
Mrs. E. S. Fenyes and Miss L. S. Muse
of Pasadena and J. E. Manerhan of San
Francisco are at the Ralelsrh.
CALIFORNIANS IN WASHINGTON
"That the committee hereby insists that a free and
untrammeled ballot and an honest count must be en
forced at said primary election; that all attempts to
deviate from this principle should be discountenanced,
and that those guilty of frauds or parties thereto
should be debarred from all conventions, and that if
it shall appear at any polling place that there is or
has been any fraud or wrong committed, or the right
of any citizen to cast his free and untrammeled ballot
and to have the same honestly counted has been in
any way interfered- with, the committee in charge
shall set aside and declare null and void the election
at said polling place and report their action to the dif
ferent conventions, who shall take action in such
matter and decide which set of delegates is entitled to
a seat in the convention."
The fairness which is to characterize the primaries
gives encouragement to honest Republicans to go to
the polls. Their votes will not be overcome by
Mint Saloon stuffers nor thrown out by the unscru
pulous agents of the Southern Pacific Railroad.
Every honest vote will be honestly counted and con
sequently the bosses will be utterly defeated if good
Republicans attend to their political duties — go to the
polls and vote right.
In this connection it is pertinent to remind all Re
publicans who have not yet registered of the import
ance of attending to it at once. ' Later on there is
sure to be a great rush at the registration office and
there will then be more or less inconvenience in at
tending to the duty. The primaries take place to
morrow. Why not register to-day?
SAN FRANCISCO Republicans are now face to
face with the issue' of honest against dishonest
politics as involved in the primary elections
which are to take place to-morrow. The County
Committee has. stood firmly for genuine Republican
ism, despite all that Herrin, Crimmins and Kelly
could do to dominate it. Therefore the regular ticket
which will be put forth in each district will represent
the better elements of the party and a firm opposition
to the bosses.
The issue having now been joined, it is for the rank
and file of the. party to determine the contest. The
bosses are going to make a hard fight to win. They
will make use of every resource at their command.
They will have the support of all the rounders of the
saloons and of all the railroad push that is controlled
by Herrin. Therefore it is no easy victory that awaits
the upholders of honest politics. Not a single vote
can be spared. The energy and the persistency of the
bosses must be met by an equal energy and persever
ance on the part of those who stand for genuine Re
publicanism.
The voting is to be fairly done and fairly counted.
In the call for the primary it is stated: -'
REPUBLICAN PRIMARIES.
Ti7l : RSDAy7T.7~ AUGUST 23. 150:1
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
/ddess A i Ccmmunica'icns to W. S. LEAKE. Manager.
MAXAGOR'S OFFICE Telephone Prr**JK>4
I'LULICAT1O.\ orFICE..JtnrUrt and Tlilrd. 9. F.
Trles>):ono I'rcmm SOI.
EDITORIAL HO0«S 217 to 221 Stevcsmon St.
D^Ilv^rrfi i>t Currier*. 15 C*nt« V+r W>ett.
Strsrlc Copies. 5 Cent*.
TVrm* by .Vriil. Jndiitllnsr l'o»(n:n
r>ATI,T CAL.L. nn--la<1!nr Sunday), one year J«A1
RAil.T OaI.Li (including- Bandar), * months S.ot
J?A!I,Y CALL <inc!ui!ine Hurray). S months 1.50
DAIL.T CALL— Blf Sloeie Month «!*
FCJCDAT CALT. On- Yoar l.W
UTEKI/T CALL. Or.« Year LOO
All irOMtinnxtrrn are authorized to receive
•nbacrlptlona.
Sample ccp!e» wlil be Jcrwarded when requested.
Vail BUteeribera In ordering change of address should be
particular to give 'ooth NEW AND OLD ADDRESS ta order
to insure a prompt *>nd correct romp'Scnce with their request.
OAKLAND OFFICE.. : 111S Broadvray
GEORGE C KROGNESS.
Manager Foreign Advertising, Marquette Building, Chicago.
(Lose Distance Telephone "Central 26U.")
NEW TORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CARLTON. Herald Square
NEW TORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN B. SMITH 3D Tribune Building
NEW TORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf- Astoria Hotel; A. Brentano, SI Union Square'
Murray Hill HcteL
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Efcerman House; P. O. News Co.; Great Northern Hote!'
rremcEt Hcuse; Audlt&iuin HoteL
WASHINGTON |D. C.) OFFICE Wellington Hotel
MORTON E. CRANE. Correspondent.
We have avoided overstatement of the situation.
There it is. Those who vote for him vote for what
they want, if they want such a revolution. Those
who vote for him, not wanting such a revolution, but
because he is honest, will get it anyway, if their esti
mate of him is correct.
This is the programme to .which Colonel Bryan's
acceptance of the Populist nomination commits him.
If he is honest, sincere and faithful he is so much
more dangerous.
His power will be used to upset our financial sys
tem, destroy the gold standard, effect the free coinage
of silver at an artificial ratio and return to the issue
of greenbacks. The volume of that issue will, under
direct legislation, be determined by popular vote and
the fallacies held by the advocates of "a more and a
fittener currency" will riot without check or hind
rance.
Much is said about the honesty and sincerity and
fidelity of Colonel Biyan. About this opinions dif
fer, but admitting that ascription of these qualities to
him is correct, if he is elected President the power
of his office will be used to effect this startling revo
lution in our Government. It will be used to replace
our constitutional system by all the vagaries of the
French revolution, edged with the theories of
Nicholas Bakounin and the leaders of anarchy and
nihilism.
As to the extvnai policies of this government,
their errors are subject to correction by wholesome
reaction in public sentiment. But to what* quarter
shall we look for escape from the evils which lie in
such a revolution of our home government as this
platform proposes? When representative govern
ment is once destroyed, when the courts and legis
latures and Congress are once abolished, when legis
lation and adjudication are given- over to the ballot
box and our judicial system is stricken down, there
comes a chaos from which escape lies only in the
man on horseback, and a condition to which Colon 21
Bryan's picture of imperialism is as mild as the por
trait of a pretty maid milking her cow compared to
the presence of a hungry Bengal tiger.
It will be observed that this Bryanic revolution de
stroA-s the doctrine of inalienable rights, written into
the Declaration of Independence by Mr. Jefferson.
It puts every man's rights of person and property
into politics, to be buffeted at the polls and taken
away at the will of a majority that is not under any
obligation to be "reasonable," which Jefferson said
was the sole standard of right in the rule of the
majority.
It will be seen, then, that when Colonel Bryan ac
cepts this nomination arid platform, he declares for an
entirely new system of government, foreign to our
present constitution and subversive of the principles
of that instrument. Raising the cry of imperialism,
he accuses the Republicans of intending to change
the government, while accepting and himself advo
cating a change more positive and revolutionary than
that which he pretends to see in the policy of his op
ponents. It is a settled principle in the science of
government that when the objects of governmental
jurisdiction are increased the efficiency of govern
ment is decreased. It is a sound maxim that the
government is best which governs least. But here is
Colonel Bryan advocating the abolition of private
ownership of land, of transportation, of the instru
ments of commerce, the transfer of the veto to the
ballot box, the destruction of representative govern
ment, the abolition of the courts and of all processes
for the rationalizing of government and the intro
duction of wholesale communism, which must result
in the final coming of chaos and anarchy.
The platform, which he accepts with the nomina
tion, declares for public ownership of all land; for an
unlimited issue of greenbacks; for government
ownership and operation of all railroads; for the free
coinage of silver at the ratio of 16 to I ; for the aboli
tion of private ownership of the instruments of com
merce, and, to secure all these innovations,, for direct
legislation by the initiative and referendum, relocat
ing the veto power and giving it to the people.
In his speech on assuming the- presidency of the
Populist Convention. Mr. Patterson of Colorado
said: "In 1896 we did not nominate Mr. Bryan to
please the Democrats. We cared not what their will
or pleasure was. The People's party, standing on its
platform, would have been untrue to itself, untrue to
its principles, had it nominated any other man."
/"*• OLONEL BRYAN will this week accept the
I Populist nomination. It was given to him at
Sioux Falls several months ago, and he has
had ample time to digest the platform. He will now
assure its makers of its assimilation and will declare
that it has become a part of his political flesh and
bone.
ANOTHER 0CCEPTANCE.
THE YELLOW TERROR AT BAY.
— Pittsburg Dispatch.
B. Blumenthal has returned from a
business trip to Europe. He i3 at tho
Palace.
General Robert A. Frledrich. United
Stales Attorney at Sltka, Alaska, i»
speunding his vacation in this city.
George 11 Hughe3 of Nevada is at the
Lick.
O. O. Webber of Santa Rosa is at the
Lick.
W.. A. Brewer of Saa Slateo is at the
Palace. -. '-*'¦¦¦*
F. K. Rule of Los Angeles is at the
Palace. .?\ : -Z
C. G. Jepson of Los Angeles is at the
Grand.
P. W. Street, a Sonora merchant, is at
the Lick.
T. J. Field, a banker of Monterey, is at
the Palace.
Ex-JudRc A. P. Catlln of Sacramento i*
at the Lick.
C. Marsden. a Los Angeles merchant, la
at the Palace.
Alden Chester of Albany. New York, 13
at the Palace.
John V.". Pratt of Seattle, a merchant.
is at the Palace.
M. 1L Grass, an attorney of San Jose,
is at the Occidental.
A. L. McCIusky. a merchant of Sioux
City, is at the Palace.
W. R. Prather, proprietor of Adams
Springs, is at the Licit.
Edgar T. Wallace of Treka, a mining
expert. Is at the Palace.
John Fennell. a prominent landowner of
Tehama, is at the Palace.
William Harvey, a stockralser of Lake
view. Ore., Is at the Lick.
J. B. Somers, a mining man from Ter
ington, Nev., is at the Lick.
William F. Brown, a well known lawyer
of Philadelphia, is at the Palace.
William H. Hanson, a lumber merchant
of Redwood City, Is at the Palace.
George J. McCarthy, a mining man. is
at the Palace, registered from Mexico.
F. W. Street of Sonora Is at the Lick.
PERSONAL MENTION.
The issue is up to the Republicans of the Eleventh
District. They can send to the State Senate ~a. man
whom the people can count on, or they can surrender
to the Southern Pacific. The p6\ver of the corpora
tion is great, and there is no question but what the
threat uttered against the business men who support
Belshaw is one of grave portent. Nevertheless, the
Southern Pacific is not all powerful. It was beaten
by Belshaw and nfen like him in.the.Legislature. first
z\ the regular session and afterward at the extra ses
sion. It can be beaten again. The Republicans of
the Eleventh District can beat it, and if they are
worthy of their party and of the manhood of Cali
fornia they will.
He is known to be true and trustworthy. It is cer
tain the Southern Pacific cannot use him to dishonor
the party and wrong the people. It is sure that he
can neither be coaxed nor bulldozed into dishonest
paths. Such a man merits election. He has by his
fidelity and firmness won the right to ask the indorse
ment of his fellow citizens, and it should be given
him by an overwhelming majority.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, AUGUST 23, 1900;
UNCLE ALLEN.
"Nothing," remarked Uncle Allen
Sparks, "is cheaper in China than rice,
except human life. The reason of this is
that it takes so little of the one to sup
•port the other."— Chicago Tribune.
: AN/AUDIENCE. OF ONE.
It Is related of Sydney Smith that on en
tering;, a drawing-room In a .West End
mansion he found It lined with mirrors on
TRUE TO LIFE.
"Well, my boy, how did you feel when
you proposed?"
"I felt for my hat." • ,
A CHANCE TO SMILE.
6
DON'T MISS
THE
GREAT
MAGAZINE
SECTION
THE
Sl/KDAr
CALL
LEADS
THEM ALL
HOW TO DRESS THE BABY.
What's Doing in Paris,
By GBNEVIEVE GREEN.
THE MOTOR-
MAN'S SIDE OF THE STORy.
Camille d'Arville
Tells Why She Prefers
Wedkck to the Stage,
Phofoi of \hz trainers at work at
Baden, CaL
TRAINING HORSES
FOR THE GERMAN ARMY.
THE MOST
DANGEROUS
OCCUPATION
IN CALIFORNIA.
Experience of the man who follows it.
Special Information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont-
gomery st. Telephone Main 1042. •
Cal. glace fruit 50c per Ib at Townsend's.*
. Xothlns contributes more toward a sound di-
gestion than the use of Dr. Siegert's Aajosutra
Bitters, the celebrated appetizer.
Grand Opera House— "Sapho."
California— Lee, the Hypnotist.
Columbia— "The Only Way."
Ory.heum — Vaudeville.
Olymp-.a, corner Mason and Eddy streets— Sj.eviu:tle!i.
Chutes, Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
•ver.ir.g.
Fischer' c—Vau^eville.
Alia Theater. Grcvc street— "Uncle Tom's Cabin."
Futro Baths— Open nijrhts.
ftpte Fair, Sacramento— September S to 15.
AMUSEMENTS.Callustro window and mirror polishers.
They are easier to use than read about.
Dispense with sloppy buckets, soap and
sponges for your windows, mirrors and
marbles. You see through glass darkly
without Callustro. No store's stock com*
plete without them. •
A quantity of these, of beautiful ahapes
and decorations; on sale this morning at
one-third off." Old ; prices ranged : from
thirty cents up. There are still many rare
and beautiful ornaments on the half-price
tables. Call before the Nathan-Dohrmann
Art Sale closes. 122-132 Sutter street.
Odd Bohemian Rose Bowls.
The North Central Improvement Asso
ciation has petitioned the Board of Su
pervisors that action bo taken to compel
immediately the removal of all the crimi
nal departments of the Superior Court
to the Hall of Justice. The petition Is
prompted by the statement that one of
the Superior Judges has given orders to
the officers of* the court to prevent the re
moval of his court from the City Hall.
Wants Criminal Courts to Move.
A theater and dinner party was given
last Tuesday night to the salesmen of the
firm of Chas. C. Moore & Co.. the firm
having called to the home office its vari
ous outside representatives. Messrs. Chas.
C. Moore & Co. intend making these meet-
Ings an annual affair.
STOOD 5N A
LILY BOWER
Nuptials of Miss Irma
Rothchild and Louis
Miss Irrna S. Rothchild and Louis A.
Kohn were married last evening at half
past six at the nome of the bride's par
ents, Mr. and Mrs. J. M. Rothchild. 1703
Broadway.
Owing to a recent fcereavement in the
family the wedding was an extremely
quiet affair and only the immediate rela
tives of the contracting parties were pre
sent. The home was elaborately decorat
ed for the occasion. In the drawing-room
where the ceremony was performed, a
magnificent bower of pink and white
lilies had been erected and within thi3
the happy couple stood while Rev. Dr.
Voorsanger pronounced the solemn, bind
ing words. The brid° was attended by
her cousin. Miss Edna E. Rau of Portland,
Oregon, who officiated as maid of honor.
Isaac A. Kohn, brother of the groom, was
best man.
The bride wore an elegant gown of em
broidered white satin, elaborately trltn
med with point lace. Miss Rau was at
tired in a dainty cown of pale green
moussellne and carried a shower bouquet
of bridesmaid roses.
After a tour of Southern California Mr.
and Mrs. Kohn will leave for their futurtt
home in Chicago.
Clubbed 07 Thalia Specials.
" J." J. Stearns. H. M. Lowiie and T.
Flaherty went into the Thalia Tuesday
night and because they were "jojhing"
with two sailors freely they were clubbed
and thrown out by two special officers.
Not satisfied with that the specials had
the three young men arrested on a char<?
of disturbing the peace. When Judgs
Mogan heard the particulars yesterday aa
, : Lee/ the hypnotist, is puzzling the mul
titudes at the California Theater with his
weird! experiments In the psychical line.'
The rival "Saphos" at the Grand Opera
house and the Alcazar Theater, Keith
Wakeman and Florence Roberts, are both
drawing good houses. At the former
theater "The Silver King" will follow
"Sapho," and at the Alcazar next week
Florence Roberts will be heard in a fare
well performance of "Frou-Frou."
-The concluding lectures of the Burton
Holmes series will be given this afternoon
and next Sunday evening at the Columbia
Theater. The subject is "Our New Pos
sessions, the Hawaiian Islands," and
splendid illustrations are promised.
"The Only Way." with Henry Miller as
Sydney Carton and the largest and most
notable ca/t of the season, is attracting
record-breaking audiences at the Colum
bia Theater. It will be continued all next
week and will end the noteworthy en
gagement of Jlr. Miller and his clever
company.
THE big production of "Tannhauser"
and the happily cast "Mignon" are
drawing crowded houses at the Tivoll
Opera-house this week. At the ur
gent request of those unable to ob
tain Wagner at bargain prices this week
"Tannhauser" will be included in next
week's bill and will . alternate with the
"Masked Ball," beginning rfext Tuesday
evening. <¦
MIDWEEK NOTES.
OF THE THEATERS
Ferris Hartman and his company are
actively rehearsing "Ship Ahoy," which Is
to be revived at the Alhambra Theater on
September 6. The production is expected
to go v/ith a swing owing to the thorough
preparation which will mark its presenta
tion.
At Flscher'3 concert-house Eudora
Forde. the Berlin sisters, the Waterman
sisters, Martin and Ridgway. pantomim
ists and Irene Franklin are to be heard.
/• • ?
Basco and Rice and Conradi's living
statuary are the Olympic's attractions.
The Orpheum's bill includes the Newsky
troupe, Lew Hawkins and Caroline Hull,
Arnim and Wagner. Four Juggling John
sons. Mrs. Bessie Blitz-Paxton and other
excellent entertainers.
"The Brownies" will give another matinee
this afternoon for the little people who
were unable to hear them last week.
To-day and to-morrow the Bee Hive
Shoe Company, 717 Market street, will sell
1000 pairs of drummers' fine sample shoes,
comprising 500 pairs men's shoes, worth
from $2 50 to S3 50.* for $1 50 a pair; 250 pairs
ladies' fine kid shoes worth $3 for $1 25,
and 250 pairs misses' fine kid shoes worth
$1 50 for 50c a pair. The Bee Hive Shoo
Company, 717 Market. street, near Third.*
An Extraordinary Offer.
Merchants' Association Granted Per
mission to Inaugurate an
1 Innovation.
The Board of Public Works granted per
mission yesterday to the Merchants' As
sociation, which petitioned for the privi
lege to inaugurate a series of experiments
in a new system of signs containing the
names of the streets. The innovation
contemplates the abolition of the board
signs. which have been hitherto attached
on corner buildings 'and the placing of
large-lettered signs near the curblngs on
the four corners of cross streets. For
that purpose the artificial stone sidewalk
will be cut out for a distance of one foot
and large wooden letters designating the
names of the streets will be placed in
fresh concrete. After drying, the wooden
letters v.-ill be removed and black or col
ored cement substituted.
The plan will be tried at the corner of
Post and Kearny streets, and if it meets
with favor from the public will be ex
tended throughout the city. The first ex
periments will be made at the expense of
the Merchants' Association, which de
sires to remove the unsightly signs that
disfigure many of the houses.
NEW IDEA FOR SIGNS
WITH NAMES OF STREETS
SIDEBOARD
(Carved, oak with subjects taken from Sir Walter Scott's "Kenllwortb.")
also designed their furniture upon the
same general plan, carving in wood the
popular ornament in stone and consecrat
ing the finest result3 of his handiwork to
1 Whiles " few impressive examples of
true Gothic art may be found scattered
throughout Italy, it was never entirely
naturalized there. For this reason the
return to classic models brought about by
the renaissance was especially acceptable
to the Italian taste. Thenceforth wood
can-ings of battle scenes, triumphal
marches, allegoric representations of the
virtues, seasons and elements, and es
peclallv scenes from classical mythology,
replaced the more austere medieval rep
resentations of sacred subjects or the he
roes of metrical romance. _:*;¦< ''*¦;.'¦
Fireplaces, which until the end or the
fifteenth century had been made of stone,
were thenceforth richly carved in oak.
In England and neighboring countries the
oak has been the standard of strength,
toughness and durability, notwithstand
ing the fact that its cross grain makes its
management difficult where nicety of de
tail is especially desirable. In Italy wal
nut, desnlte its brittleness. has always
been the favorite, and has been used most
effectively in elegantly carved "cassone
fronts, panels, choir stalls and furniture.
Oftentimes it was picked out with gilt
or color, and occasionally decorated with
wooden mosiac or ivory inlay. The ex
uberance of Italian wood carving, which
showed to such advantage upon the ornate
and imposing chest fronts, was neverthe-
the Ruines themselves. Inlgo Jones."
With Grinllng Gibbons, who was trained
through the great architectural age of
Wren and Gibbs. wood carving reached
its culmination for delicacy, crispness and.
skillful craftsmanship. Chippendale. Hep
pelwhlte. Sheraton and Glllow brought
finely selected mahogany into prominence
and did much pood work in design, polish
and Inlay before the cataclysm of tho
nineteenth century.
. Since then good woodwork haa been the
exception. To be sure a few finely carved
specimens have been produced in the
middle of this century, but they have been
conspicuous as the oases in an artistic
desert. French Influence undoubtedly had
something to do with the decline of artis
tic woodwork. The high state of perfec
tion reached by French tapestries and up
holstering materials led to carelessness in
the construction and design of the frame
work. Then. too. the vogue •attained by
Boulle's marquetry — a shell veneer on a
clouded vermilion or gilt ground — and Ver
nls Martin's successful imitation of Jap
anese gold laco,ue«r monopolized for a tlm«
the furniture market. To the invention of
machinery 'which reproduces a popular
pattern for the million more than to any
other cause may be attributed the decline
of high-art carving. The resultant elim
ination of individual taste led to a mon
strous fussiness in modern furnishing, a
restless alertness for cheap novelty and
an absence of pride In the possession of
intrinsically beautiful pieces worthy to
descend from generation to generation.
Decrees of divorce were granted yester
day in the Superior Court to Anton A.
Ulrich from Fannie Ul rich on the ground
of desertion, Daisy' Bell Gardner from
Walter A. Gardner on the ground of ex
treme cruelty, Margaret 'Willis from Ed
ward J. Willis on the ground of deser
tion. Antolne Turon from Anna Turon for
infidelity and Sophie C. Nash from Rob
ert Nash on the ground of failure to pro
vide.
Minnie M. Reid has sued Charles D.
Reid for divorce, alleging cruelty as cause
of action.
In the Divorce Court.
The penerous contributions that were
received at the Palace Hotel headquar
ters for the Admission day celebration
were most encouraging.
The naval parade committee has se
cured the amount it asked for and will
proceed to carry out its plans in the full
est detail. The naval parade will be the
finest thing of the kind that has ever been
seen on the waters of tho bay. For the
vessel making the test display in the par
ade the committee offers/as a prize JGO in
cash and a twenty-foot Bear flag. The
second best display -will be rewarded with"
?50 and a flag; the third best display with
$40 and a flag. Fireworks will be dis
played from six barges; all ferry and river
steamers will participate in the parade:
tugboats will tow a fleet of schooners.
Captain Gray has donated the tug Sea
Queen for the use of the parade commit
tee. A barge 150 feet in length donateu
by Captain A. C ; Freese will be loaded
with combustibles and will be set on lire
as a concluding feature of the parade and
as introductory to the naval sham bat
tle, which is to wind up the programme
for the night.
R. H. Webster, Superintendent of
Schools, promises a division of the parade
to be made up of school children. There
is to be a competitive drill by schools and
classes.
The Schwaben Vereln will turn out with
the San Francisco Turn Vereln.
Yesterday afternoon the executive coun
cil of tho financial committee . received
from the Southern Pacific Railroad Com
pany its contribution to the celebration
fund in tho shape of a check for $2500, be
ing $500 in excess of what the company
contributed in 1890. It also received the
check of the Market-street Railway sys
tem in the sum* of $500. The check from
the Southern Paciilc is separate from the
$1000 contribution by the late Collis P.
liuntington.
General Wlnn Palor. named for the
founder of the order, will wear a distinc
tive badge bearing -upon its face a por
trait of the founder.--. This parlor has
named R. F. Campbell as aid to the grand
marshal. .
The parlors of Sonoma County, six in
number, will parade in one division under
the direction of Major L. W. Juillard. The
parlors have secured headquartars at the
Windsor. John MeChristian or Sebasto
pol will parade with Bear Flag Parlor of
Petaluma. He. was born in 1824 and is one
of the survivors of the Bear Flag party.
The following contributions received
since the last published report were
acknowledged yesterday:
Southern Pacific Company, J230O; Market
ftr^et Hallway Company, $500; Stock and Bond
Exchange. $100; Goldberg, Bo wen & Co., James
V. Coleman, $50 each; Lewis Kllno & Co., Por
ter Brw. & Co., Schift & Dow, A. Redman,
Oeorse Wilmot. Valleau & Peterson, Union Ma
chine Company, Payne Bolt Works. Cahlll &
Hall Elevator Company, John P. Jackson, St.
Nicholas Laundry Company, Modern Laundry
Company. Dunn Bros.. Lunsmann Bros.. Carl
son, Currier & Co.. Hirschfelder & Meany, W.
Sussman & Co., D. Samuels' I^ace House, H.
Bunemann, Meyerfleld & Mitchell Company,
Scggelkcn & Buckner, CarroU & Carroll, A.
Repsold & Co., Kolb & Denhard, J. de Fre
nn-ry. ?"5 each.
At the meeting of the "committee on
wheels last night it was finally decided
that the races should include a mile
handicap race, half-mile scratch, relay
race and the Pacific Coast championship
race, the distance to be named hereafter.
The automobile race was left to a com
mittee to report at the next meeting.
The track at Ingleside will be put in
racing condition, and the members of the
committee were named a committee of
arrangements.
The following named were appointed as
Judges: Charles Albert Adams. F. H. Ker
rigan, Frank Dunne, F. A. Bush, J. W.
Mullen. J. B. Lamkin, Theo Dodge. Joseph
A. Woodson and L. S. Upson; timekeep
ers, John Elliott, G. P. Wetmore, H. D.
Hadenf eldt, E. E. Stoddard, H. F. Wynne
and J. II. Desimone; clerk, George Dlxon;
assistant clerk. H. V. Ready; chief um
pire \L. O. Sill; referee, R. M. Welch.
The prizes will be the full limit of those
provided by amateur rules. The races are
to commence at 1:30 in tho afternoon.
GOOD DAY FOR
MONEY FOR THE
CELEBRATION
Twenty-Five Hundred Dol
lars Given by South
ern Pacific
Arranging for the Free-for-All Bi
cycle Meet— Prizes Offered
by the Regatta Com
xnittee. £jjj\
R. Cowes, J. F. Crawl ey, wife and two chil
dren; Albert R. Cunha, Mrs. E. S. Cunha. Mrs.
K. Deacon. Mrs. I,. A. Deyo. Miss J. Doyo.
Mirs M. O?yo. A. Fernandez and wife H. G.
Oarrett. Captain R. Grelg-. O. II. Gultck and
wife, F. Halftead, wlft and two children 1 A
K. Harfcnl. J. U. Illgby. M. Hlrshman. wife
end two children; I). H. Holtslander, Mrs. R.
Homer. Mrs. K. A. Howard, Robert Jackson
BffM I. Kelley. K. Vi\ Kern and wife, atrs C
Kimhail. Mrs. E. Kopke, Miss B. Kopke Miss
Q. KorkP, Mrs. B. Label, H. M. Levy. Miss
C. D. Low. Colonel William McDonald and
v.-ife, Mrs. E. P. McClanahan, Miss IlcCiana
han, K. E. McKenzfe. J. H. Mallory. Miss O.
K. Marsland. B. It. Martin. W. J. Mayer. Mrs.
\V. H. Mays. W. H, Mixer. J. F. Morgan. P.
Peek. MIfb E. Plres. J. \V. Podmore, wife and
two children; Mrs J. S. Purdle, R. Raines tv.
A. II. Rico. Hush R. Rice. F. U. Richmond.
\V. A. Robinson. \V. H. Rr-^k. Miss M. Rouse.
Mill K. Sanders, G. B. Schrnd<?r, Mrs. G D.
S^hraiW, J. A. Scott and wife, A. L. Shaw,
Mrs. \V. F. Smith. AV. H. Smith and wife,
Mrs. J. Smithies', child and maid: Mrs. J. E.
Snow. Tilrs. O. W. Spencer. Mrs. F. Stern and
Child, Miss T. Stern, E. M, Stone. E. TV.
Thatcher. MIfs C. S. Traclson. F. L, Waldrnn
and wife, Mrs. A. G. Walsh, MIfs B. Weight,
Mrs. H. Wheoier and child. H. M. Whitney.
Mrs. \V. L. Witham. E. K. Wood and wife and
Dr. Glenn Wood.
Water, Front Notes.
The steamer Strathgyle; with the horses
for the Xinth Cavalry aboard, got Into
the stream yesterday. A search revealed
nearly a dozen stowaways among the
horses and in the fodder, all of whom
were sent ashore.
T. R. Turney, the late popular purveyor
of t.he Pacific Coast Steamship Company,
was given a surprise party at hi9 home,
2306 Vallejo street, Tuesday night. The
employes of the concern invaded the
house in a body and presented Mr. Tur
ner with a magnificent set of silverware
and a cut glass smoking set. The pre
sentation speech was made by F. S. "Wil
son, the new purveyor, and when he
spoke in eloquent terms of the services
Turner had rendered full and sundry in
the employ, there were rounds of ap
plause. Mr." Turner and hta family leave
for a tour, of Europe next month.
President A. W. Foster of the California
Northwestern said yesterday, however,
that an extension to Eureka was a matter
that positively could not be considered
now. The company's charter will not per
mit the construction of more than sixty
more miles of track in Mendocino County.
"Our purpose in building," he said, "is
largely to reach the timber districts. The
question of freight will figure very promi
nently in determining the starting point
for the extension. The passenger traffic
is a secondary consideration."
A single track will be constructed and
the cost of building the road will be large
owing to the mountainous region it will
traverse. A good deal of blasting will
have to be done and there will have to
be several tunnels constructed.
Three different routes have been sur
veyed. One begins at Cloverdale and ex
tends west into the Coast Range for sixty
miles. A second route is west from Hop
land, and a third is north from Uklali.
"Whic&h of these three routes is the most
feasible is a matter that the company ia
now trying to determine. Much will de
pend upon the report of the surveyors.
It is understood that the people of Ukiah
are making a strong fight to have the
road start from that place, which Is now
the terminus of the so-called "Picturesque
route of California." It has long been the
dream of the Ukiah property owners that
some day the company would build to
Eureka, which is ISO miles north of
Ukiah, and they figure that .if another
line is once started frOm the town it will
mean ultimately a through route to Eu
reka.
The California Northwestern Railway
Company will i-pend $2,000,000 in an im
mediate extension of its lines into the
redwood timber district of Mendoclno
County. The company has had its sur
veyors at work laying out a route for over
a year, and they are expected to complete
their task during the present week.
Single Track Road to Be Constructed
to Tap Redwood Timber Dis
trict—Will Net Go to
Eureka.
Will Spend' Two Million
Dollars and Will Begin
Work at Once.
NORTHWESTERN
TO EXTEND LINE
INTO MENDOCIHO
During medieval times the style of ar
chitecture known as Gothic — a term first
used in reproach and signifying barbarlo
grew into favor and beautified the finest
buildings of France, England and Ger
rhany. The pointed arch, vertical panel
ing, crocketed spires and foliated decora
tion characteristic of this noblest style of
architecture also largely influenced the
interior furnishings, as shown in the mag
nificent choir stalls, pulpits and other
equipments of cathedral and castle. It Is
quite probable that the architect who
planned the monasteries and cathedrals
Among barbarous nations wood carving
as a subordinate form of sculpture showed
itself in crude cuttings upon clubs and
primitive weapons of warfare. Many of
the most famous statues or antiquity were
made of wood, sometimes carved with a
rude, bold skill, sometimes overlaid with
gold or ivory or painted and decked out
with highly colored robes.
"A curious nr.ticle of furniture, indispen
sable to the Roman library, was the scrln
lum or scroll bookcase. As the volumes
of those days v.ere rolls of parchment the
bookcases wera circular and box-shaped.
These beechen-wood boxes could bo locked
or sealed and were easily portable when
the owner wished to carry his library on
his Journeys.
Among the northern nations may be
found excellent specimens of carved lin
tels dating from the early Viking times.
This wooden sculpturing, although rough,
is nevertheless characterized by a sin
gular freedom of outline, together with a
fondness for the distorted as a decorative
motive and an elaboration of the gro
tesque to the structurr' and ornamental
part of furnishings, as shown in the Nor
wegian doorway and the Scandinavian
chair of the early middle ages.
The successful manipulation of the va
rious woods may truly be classed among
the antediluvian arts, for the Instructions
given to Noah for making a waterproof
ark are such as would have been given
only to a workman of experience. The
same, to an even greater degree, may be
said of the directions for building the
tabernacle and the temple. Owing to the
perishable nature of wood, with the excep
tion of a few specimens preserved in the
dry Egyptian climate, no remains of the
primal woodwork mentioned by Homer
and the early Hebrew writers are now in
existence. We judge, however, from an
cient vase painting, tomb and wall pict
ures, sculpture and embroidery, that the
general plan of using animals, slaves and
sphinxes for support was followed In
woodwork as In the ancient metal tables,
chairs and couches now preserved in mu
seums. Homer mentions a most interest
ing historic wooden chest, seen and identi
fied 800 years afterward by Pausanias.
This cedar chest, carved and gilt and dec-
Orated with bas-reliefs in gold and ivory,
was once the hiding place of Oypselus of
Corinth. His relatives, having been
warned by the oracle of Delphi that the
child would one day assume the reins of
government, sought his life, but owing to.
his concealment in the famous chest he
lived to fulfill the Delphic prophecy and
to reign over Corinth thirty years — 655 to
"625 B. C.
BY MARGARET AINSLEE.
VI.
HISTORIC STUDIES IIS HOME FURNISHING
less distinctly out of place upon chair*
.and -tables, giving them that overcrowded
effect which is such a defect la our mod
ern woodwork.
Italian grace was eventually grafted
upon the vigor, dexterity and fantasy of
the Flemi/igs, and so closely allied with,
contemporary English carving that Flem
ish and English woodwork were frequent
ly Indistinguishable. The Germans, too.
showe-l themselves thoroughly to have
, mastered the renaissance wood carving,
both on a gigantic and a minute scale.
This intermingling of German, Flemish
and Italian styles with the Anglican
Gothic distinguishes the woodwork of the
English renaissance from that of Franca
and Italy. Interlacing strap work, so
prevalent In Elizabethan and Jacobean
ornament, was of Flemish origin. Styles
of design so frequently overlapped each
other during the renaissance that It 13
sometimes difficult to approximate the
date of Important pieces of carving.
Gothic designs were used as late aa th«
sixteenth century, and their architectonic
characteristics were especially noticeable
In wooden paneling. At first paneling 1
was employed in the crude carpentry of
the early Gothic chests, but came Into
almost g-eneral use for English rooms In
the early part of , the thirteenth century.
Pir.e was soon supplanted by the more
substantial oak. which was decorated
with elaborate tracery, a most popular
design being a carved facsimile of a fold
ed textile known as the "linen scroll pat
tern." The roof and choir stalls of the
chapel of Henry VII in Westminster Ab
bey are world-famous for their carved en
richments, showing the admixture of
Gothic perpendicularity with the new
Italian style.
' Many fine examples of the carved
screens, fireplaces and wall panellngs of
this period are still preserved in England.
1 An excellent example of Elizabethan
, woodwork is the oak screen or partition
of Gray's Inn, the carved screen sup
porting the minstrels' gallery bein& espe
cially noteworthy. Those who make a
study of the old wainseotlnga, richly
carved without overcrowding, cannot but
regret that so dignified and soothing a
background should have been banished
from modern furnishing. Without the
illusory suggestiveness of tapestry it hail
nevertheless a repose and harmonizing
quality which none of our modern wall
1 treatments even approximate. As a rule
the old English paneling was especially
designed for the house in which it was
placed. In cases where the panels were
elaborately carved tt Is supposed that
they were bought separately and placed
in plain framework moldings by the local
carpenter or by the "Joiner" attached to
every noble household. Oftentimes the
paneling did not cover the entire wall
space, large wall paintings or a succes
sion of pictures separated by battens
breaking up the wooden monotony. In
time separate pictures, like mirrors, were
placed in separate frames. Holbein's
paintings for Henry VIII being the first
pictures framed In England.
The austere genius of Inlgo Jones
was especially influential in patterns for
woodwork fittings. A diligent study of the
classic designs in Rome stimulated his en
thusiasm and chastened his taste. In
England there is still preserved this orig
inal foot note to some of his famous work
ing plans: "In the name of God; Amen.
The 2 of January. IK*- I being In Rome
compared, these desines following, with
-
Copyright, 19OO, by Seymour Baton.
DECORATIVE WOODWORK .
Miss Flora X. Albrlcht, S. C Allen ami wife.
John Allirr.an Jchn Alexander ami wifp. Mrs.
F Andertcn. F. B Auerbach. Mies" A. Blaraw,
Sirs. P. A. Berber. luring A. Bond, Mrs. M. I.
llrown, W. A. HurkhoMer. J. A. Oolvin. Mrs.
The mall steamer Australia got away
for Honolulu yesterday with an unusually
big passenger list and nearly 2000 tons of
freight. Those who went away in the
cabin are:
The Australia Sails.
The work of transferring the cable for
the St. Michael-Cape Nome telograph line
from the railroad cars to the steamer
Orizaba was bepun at Long Wharf, Oak
land, yesterday. The steamer docked
there early In the day and at 1 p. m. the
work of putting the different reels aboard
began.
The cable Is 1S7 miles long and is loaded
on twelve cars. On each car there is a
reel weighing fifteen tons. Ten of these
cars are now on JL^ng Wharf. The cable
on each reel is ten miles long, so the worK
of moving them from the wharf to the
hold of the vessel is somewhat protracted.
A strong pillar has been erected in tne
hold of the steamer and around this tne
cable is being colled. As each ten miles
is run out a splice is put in. so that when
it comes to laying the telegraph wire it
will run out for its full 1S7 miles without
a hitch. The cable will be laid on triang
ular lines. The iirst leg will be from M.
Miohar-l to Unalaklik, the second from
Unalaklik to Cai>e Nome and the third
from Cape Nome to the starting point.
The work will probably take a week,
and then a start for St. Michael will be
made.
One Hundred and Eighty-Seven Miles
of It Is Being Reeled Into
the Hold of the
Steamer.
St. Michael-Cape Nome Cable
Now Going Aboard the
Orizaba.
NEWS FROM THE
OCEAN AND THE
WATER FRONT
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, AUGUST 23, 1900.
THE CALL'S
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
7
REELING THE CABLE INTO THE STEAMER'S HOLD.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Two Letters to Mrs. Pinkham.
Tells About Her Daughter's Illness
and How She vras Relieved —
A MOTHER'S STORY.
DR. GROSSMAN'S SPECIFIC MIXTURE
For the cure of GONORRHOEA. GLKET8,
STKICTURKS and analagous complaints of tho
Oreans of Generation. . . •
Price SI ' a bcttle. For sale by druggists.
Wq
fM
j ;
| OlfiUBY j|
VIE.U mL
! WILL BE PLACED ON SALE
THIS DAY. I
1 OAA LADIES' TAILOR-MADE I
; Cy\J JACKETS, in a variety j
; of tin shades, value for $10.00,
; will be placed on sale this tf* P j
; morning at 0
i ~ !
1146 Market Street,
i
When we ray "rupturi* cured" we mean It.
for It Ir a fact that during the past 20 year*
lilt. PIKRCES MAGNETIC KL.ASTIC TRUSS
has CL'P.ED thousands of cases. Nothing e!*s
like It. Best retainer mace. It dnen ths work.
Investigate for yourself. CTCall fcr "Uaok-
>t No. 1," or bend 2 cents in stamp*. Ad-
"magnetic elastic truss go.,
GSWI Market St.. San Francisco.
Or I14r, Broadway. N>w York City.
EEMSBM1SS COLLEGE,
24 POST STREET. San Franc!sco,
Established ov«r a third of a crntury: has a
nations! reputation. an«l whs one of the few
school* solcctpu to irpresent the development
«( ccmrrerclal duration at the I»ari3 Exposi-
tion, t.v»»r 17/% i-Taduatea fucro-sfully apply-
ing th»!r knowledge; 200 Kraduau? annually
•ilarrd !n poeitloet; 2i teachers: open the entire
>osr: new sc-pafrc catalogue free.
Hitchcock School,
FOR YGU:.G HEN AND BOYS.
Ersarmi* ll»>o»r.j. oynsnasium. Military Drill.
¦¦--''"- Etc.
CHT-ISTMA* TF.nil KKCItXH AUGIJST 14TH.
RKV. C. :UT«:nC0CK. Principal.
TRINITY SCHGOL.vS
Jt is deslrrd to correct an erroneous Impres-
Rloa that Trinity School ha? been discontinue.
It will ODen as usual MONDAY. August 6.
Only beys of good rr.nrnl character are taken.
O. S. MEAD. I2C3 Central ave
FAMLfN SCHOOL
r VAN MESS SEMINARY,
1«« Jackson sti. San Francisco. Bcanllnc and
p_V School fcr Girls. Accredited to the L'nlver-
2t» cf California. Lei'ind Stanford Jr. Unlver-
vtv VaFsar and Smith College*, ltcopens Au-
k'uEt C. 1900. SARAH P. HA.MLIN. Principal.
"POLYTECHNIC |8?L n eg s e s
Hi* the lanrs-st and be3t equipped departments
In the West. Regrular business and shorthand
cr.urse Students may enter at any time. All
graduates In responsible positions. Free.cata-
lopu»- Oakland. Cal.
ANDERSON ACADEMY,
Ferreerky 'University Academy. Alameda, hai
y een removed to Irvineton. Site of flf teea
acre*- lemarkably beautiful:, climate unsur-
r»n"-d. Jntpectlon of building* and erouacU la-
vitei W. W. ANDERSON. Principal.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
"Mrs. Pixkham : — I v/rite to tell you
about my daughter. 'She is nineteen
years old and is flowing all the time,
. /Zr>ir-. and has been for about
ftf $ three months. Thedoc-
{3 *,i J tor does her but very
\-^< little good, if any. I
jglS&&Z L- thought I: would
?^^K &? I^yiiia E. Pink-
W^^t^^ 4^^ ham's Vegetable
xl^^^ Compound, but I
V ffi$&$ i WaU t your advice
j£x »£v*kr~1 before beginning its
J$T&&?y$$k-\- use - * have become
M^^^^/nff very much alarmed
,g^^^|%#4^t/ about her, as she is
wSlfik^^^^v^l S C^ U S so weak." —
*^&ji£?H$k MRS- Matilda A.
P^^i^i*|s^j Camp, Manchester
lill^l^Mil Mil1 ' Maeon, Ga.,
" DKAn Mrs - Pisk '
Sf^^t^'i^ (Treat pleasure to tell
1 I ***** you of the benefit my .
daughter has received from the use of
Lydia E. l'inkhaui's Vegetable Com-
pound. After beginning the use of
your medicine Bhe began to mend
rapidly and is now able' to be at her
work. Her menses are regular and
almost painless. I feel very thankful
to you and expect to always keep your
Vegetable Compound in my house. ; It
is the best medicine I ever knew. You
have my permission to publish this
letter if you wish, it maybe the means
of doing others good.'.'— Mks. Matilda
A. Cami\ Manchester Mill, Macon, Ga.,
September in. JS99.
A*O£t££vcl7 cored Cy t&aSQ
Little Pills.
They also aliens Distress from OjspcutJa,
tndi^estjen *ad Too Hearty Eating. A per*
fbet rcCTfcdy tor Dfzriacss, Nausea, DiowsJ.
ness, Bad Tastcta toe Month, Coated Tcngu*
Pafc in the Side, TORPID LIVER. They
fcrejulate the. Bowels. Purely Vegetable.
Smafi Fill. Small Dose a
Smalt ftdisa;
AMUSEMENTS.
Curtain Risos at 8 p. m. Sharp.
TO-NTGHT, Eun<!ny Evening. Saturday
"MIGNON."
PoTltlnl. Repetto. Graham, Ruw> and Xlcolinl.
FRIDAY AND SATURDAY EVENIN'GS.
TANNHAUSER.
Av»<lano. Ealassa, Schuster, L'.cht«r, Ptewart.
Next Week: "TANNHAUSER," Tuesday,
Thursday, t^undav Nighis ?aturdny Matinee.
'THE MASKHD HALL." Monday. Wednes-
Cey, Friday. Saturday Kvenings.
S^ats on Ssle Seven Dnys Ahead.
POPULAR PKI>'r.S-:5 AND .'0 CENTS.
THE WOF.LTVP OF.KATEST ARTISTS IN
FXAWLEfS VAUDEVILLE.
NEWSKY TROUPE,
LEW HAWKINS. CAROLINE HULL.
ARNIM and WAGNER.
FOUR JUGGLING JOHNSONS. MRS. BES- I
S1E BLITZ-PAXTON. MACART'S GREAT I
ANIMAL BHOW.tSAM MORRIS AND CO..
AMERICAN' niOGRAPH.
Reserved Featf, ZSc; balcony, 10c; opera chairs j
ar.rt box sea'.F, ICc.
Mptirsers Wednesday. Saturday an! Sunday. ;
Va^&alJ MB a^ePA «**«»
THIS AFTERNOON AND ?fNDAT NIGHT.
La?t t— HLRTOX HOLMES LECTUHES.
Subjf-ct. "HAWAIIAN ISLANDS. '•
ALL THIS WEK1C AND NEXT WEEK.
aiat:n<"<>« WVd-.-.esd.ny and Saturday.
•harleft Frrhmsn Presents
HENRY MILLER
AND A SPECIAL. COMPANY.
In the Rcmantic i'lay.
The ONLY WAY!
Adapted by Freeman Wills Fnr.i Charles j
Dicktr.8' Nevel. "A TALE OF
TWO CITIES."
F^jts for Beet week now- rpady.
THE GREAT HYPNOTIST.
Cort'.nue? to mystify the Mr audiences.
TO-NIUTIT. MR. LHE win proton t'-r the firn
tare hi* pr«at s'.r.fati'jr.r.l feat,
CATALEPTIC STATUES.
!«g£££i££L!T}rs Afternoon
• JKE BROWNIES IN FAIRYLAND."
GRAND O&l-&£\ HOUSE
i ONLT MATINEE SATUP.DAT.
NEwRH»li UE ¥ PAN"-/
ONLY THIP WEEK.
"S/IPHO"
NEXT WEEK.
•-THK SILVER KING "
WILTON LACKAVE as The Sliver King.
PRICES 10c, 15c. 25o. 50e
A few front rc-TV* In orchestra "c.
Branch Tlckft Offlc? — Emucrium.
' — — I
W <T>«4r* 3^ 3&/ 'O
«Stkeatre *A>
THE CORRECT VERSION!
Hcvival by Censral Kcqir.sti
FLORENCE ROBERTS
Supported by WHITE WHITTLESEY.
fPICTACULAB A OXJO
rEODDCTIO.< 0-0.1 iOL \J?
C.VLV MATINEE SATfRPAT.'
NEXT WEEK "FHOU-FROL"
CHUTES^™ ZOO
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
f CANN0Ng| Fat Man.
S £ A BURY. High Diver.
LA LISTA, Mirror Dancer.
SPECIAL TO-NIGHT!
The Amateurs and Fun at Porkopolis.
Te'.ei)hone for Reatg— Psrk S3.
ALTA THEATER.
108 GHOYE STREET PHONE SOUTH 2U.
'FRISCO'S FAMILY THEATER.
SATURDAY— MATINEES— SUNDAY.
ALL THIS V/EEX.
"UNCLE TOM S CABIN."
Price* 10c, 23c, 20c
.,---.-, Sfc-tt-"EA3T LYNNE."
VRfHFR'^ CONCERT HOUSc.
x IJtnCIl D AdmiMion 10.-.
Cud'.r* Forrie. Coctnlto; the Uerlln Klstera.
Vocalist*; the Waterman Kificr.«, C"on Hon*
fiiUC«-r« and Dancers; iSartln and Rldgrwaj-,
J'tntomlriU-ts; Irene Franklin, Cornctist.
Hestrvtd S°atg. 2~c; Matinee. Sunday.
-.'- SUTRO.B^THS.
OPEN NIGHTS.
Open Dally From 7 a. m. to. 11 p. m.
BathmK From 7 a. m. to 10 n. m.
ADMISSION, l&c. CHILDREN. 6c.
Bathing, including admission, 25c; children, 20c.Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— December— 6000
ctls. $1 09M.? C00O. $1 09>i.
Second Session— December— 14.000 ctls, Jl 09V4.
Regular Morning •> Session— December — 2000
ctls. II 09%; 34,000, $1 10: 4000, Jl 03%: 10.000,
$1 10%: 12,000, Jl 10V4; 32.000, Jl 10%. May— 2000,
Afternoon Session— December — 22,000 ctls,
Jl 10% ; 42,000, Jl 10%.
BARLEY— The market continues nominal and
very dull. . : - .
Feed, ' 75c for No. 1 and 67 1 ,4«J72Uc f or off
grades: Brewing and shipping grades, 77V4S'35c;
Chevalier, , nominal. .. .- •
CALL DO ARD SALES.
. Informal Session — No sales. ¦
Second Session — No sales.
Regular Morning Session— December — 2000
Ctls. , 77c, i -^'HiflinWf WPtltWilOl TifiBii iH W /IBWM
OATS— The market continues In good shape
CALL BOARD SALES
Chicago opened weaker, but recovered. The
market was active, as the recent decline caused
a good demand for shipment. Over 1,000.000
bushels-was taken for export on Tuesday, and
the demand continued yesterday. All Western
markets were reported active, and the talk was
that Wheat had touchr-d bottom and was on
the turn., The market looked very healthy.
The drought In the Southwest was reported
partially broken.
In the local market futures advanced, but
the spot market did not go up, as shippers
refused to pay any advance as long as Liver
pool remained stationary.
Spot Wheat— Shipping. $1 02^01 03%; Milling,
$1 05@l 07<4. . '
WHEAT— Paris futures advanced. Liverpool
stood about the same.
Wheat and Other Grains.
Sterling Exchange, sight — $4 SS^i
Sterling 1 Exchange, sixty days — 4 81r 4
Sterling Cables •• — * *¦?&
New York Exchange, sight •• — li ti
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 10
Fine Silver, per ounce — 61%
Mexican Dollars, nominal. — <8V4
Exchange and Bullion.
LOCAL MARKETS
CHICAGO, Aug. 22.— Trade In wheat the first
of the session was quiet, although there were
periods of considerable activity, especially
near the end. Liverpool showed only a slight
advance compared with the bulge here yes
terday and the market opened rather easy in
consequence, September »;c lower at 72%c to
72%c. An early advance to 73<ic was fol
lowed by a reaction to 72%@73c. U to the
last hour fluctuations were narrow, with the
undertone, however, firm. "Southwestern re
ceipts showed an Increase, rains in the North
west were reported as Interfering with har
vesting and cash bids were as fully maintained
as yesterday. Foreigners were still buying anj
local bulls lent some support. Near the end
talk of big cash sales caused a sharp rally
and September which had held hovering be
tween 72%@73c shot up to 73Ho and closed
strong at that/ figure, %@%c over yesterday.
Corn started higher but broke on the rains
In the West. Trade was quiet. September
closed He lower at 39&c
Oats were active and lower. September
closed at 21v&c, a loss of %c.
• There was a narrow range In provisions.
Pork was easy on local selling, but lard and
ribs were steady, sustained by a good demand.
Foreigners bought. Trade was quiet all the
session and near the end the pit was nearly
deserted. September pork 2\44j5c lower, lard
a shade lower and ribs 5c higher.
The leading futures ranged as follows: '
Articles— Open. Hish. Low. , Close.
Wheat No. 2—
August 72^, 73tf .72H 73%
September 73 73% 72% 73%
October 73% 74% 73& 74%
Corn No. 2 —
August S9% 33%
September ......... 39% 39% 39H 39*.
October 38% y 3S% 3SVi 3814
Oats No. a—
August 21% 21% 21% 21%
September '.. 22H 22ft 21 Vi 21%
October •• 22V4 22'.4 22 22«i
Mess Pork, per barrel-
September ..10 80 10 90 10 80 10 90
October ....10 90 10 97*4 10 90 10 97U
January 11 00 11 03 1100 1103
1 Lard, per 100 pounds —
September C 70 6 72% 6 70 6 70 .
October 6 72% 6 73 6 72^4 6 75
January. 6 47Vi . 6 47V4 6 45 6 45
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds-
September, 6 95 7 00 6 95 7 00
October ............ 6 87H 6 95 6 87%' 6 95
January ...... .. 5 82^4 5 85 5 82H S 85
Cash ouotatlons were as follows:, " ¦
, Flout, steady; No. 2 ted spring wheat, 740
The local market for dried fruits holds gen
erally steady, without, however, showing ani
mation. Prices remain nominally unchanged.
Quotations California dried fruits:
PRUNES — 3V4<§5c per pound, as to size ana
quality.
APRICOTS— Royal, ll<?14c; Moorpark, 13(glSc.
PEACHES— Peeled, 14jgi8c; unpeeled, 6<@9c.
STATE EVAPORATED APPLES— Common.
3*5 50; prime, 4«i«f-5MiC; choice, 6V6Q6c; fancy.
6%@7c -¦•-ii
DRIED FRUITS
COFFEE-Ppot Rio, No. 7 Invoice, 8%c; mild,
quiet: Cordova, nominal; futures closed steady,
6 to IE points higher; total sales, 50,000 bags.
Including September. $7 30@" 3S: October. $7 40;
December. $7 65; January. , V 60; February,
J7 CT.; March. J7; May, J7 65.
SUGAR— Raw, steady; refined, steady.
BUTTER— Receipts, 5790 packages; strong;
current packed factory. 15<gl6c.
EGGS— Receipts, 8233 packages; firm; State
and Pennsylvania, at mark, 17® 19c; Western,
regular packing at marl:, 10@U\ic; Western,
loss off, 16(gl7c.
WOOL— Quiet
WHEAT— Receipts, 97,125; export*. 40.119;
ppot, firm; No. 2 red, 78c elevator; No. 1
Northern Duluth, S2»4c f. o. b. afloat: No. 2
red, 79%c f. o. b. afloat; No. 1 hard Duluth.
S5^4C f. o. b. afloat. Options were slow all
day. At first a little hiKher on foreign buy-
Ing and firmer cables, but subsequently eased
off through .extreme dullness of trade and
weakness in Duluth. From this they had a
final sharp rally on export developments anj
heavy covering of shorts; closed strong at He
net decline; May, 82"4@82»ic closed at 82?ic;
September. 77%@7S 9-lGe. closed at "SVic; Oc
tober. 7S?i@79 1 / fiC, closed at "9Hc; December,
"S^jfSO 9-lSc, closed at 80'4c.
i HOPS— Quiet.
HIDES— Firm.
NEW YORK. Aug. 22.— FLOUR— Receipt?.
15.01S barrels; exports, 10,783 barrels; sales, 8300
packages. There was a better Inquiry to-day
for spring wheat grades at & small advancs
over yesterday.
Nezv York Grain and Produce.
Shipping Intelligence.
TO SAIL.
THE STOCK MARKET.
SAN FRANCISCO. Aog. 22— S p. m.
The. following maximum temperature* were
reported from stations In California to-day:
Eureka. ESi Red Bluff sj
Mount TamaJpals 71 i Sacramento S4
Independence S4|San Luis Obispo $6
Fresno HO San Diego 72
Los Angeles D«
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
66; minimum, 56; mean. 61.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
I* »«Jl * J'-V. »\ »¦ 1 .
Cloudy and threatening weather prevails over
the northern portion of the Pacific slope and
fair over the southern. Light, scattering
6towers are reported from the plateau region.
Thunderstorms are reported from Spokane and
%Vinnemueca.
The pressure hae rleen over the northern por
tion of the Pacific elope and fallen over the
6 °Thc- temperature has fallen over Northern
"Vevada and Southern Idaho and remained
r.early stationary In other districts.
Forc~a*t made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight. August 2* 1900:
Northern California— Fair Thursday: warmer
In the Interior: light northwest wind.
Southern California— Fair Thursday; light
vc-ft wind. _ ,
Nevsds— Fair, warmer Thursday.
Utah— Fair, warmer Thursday.
Arizona— Fair Thursday.
Pan Francisco and vicinity— Fair Thursday;
Ircaa west wind. O. H. WILLSON,
Local Forecast Official.
Weather Report.
OiW» Meridian-Pacific Time.)
••The currant market was very excited yes
tf-rday, advancing from 7 15-16?iSc to 8 3-lSf S^c
•with every prospect cf going still higher when
ImrtliiiM begins to-day. Sales were made of 100
barrels of Amalias at Sc 2iX) barrels at 8 l-16c
p.rA 100 barrels at 6'ic the last lot going to a
Western mtacenieat man. Offers of SHc for
M barrels of Ama'.ias were turned- down by
large holders. Feme business In new crop cur
rants was reported, orders being placed for
goods at 3f>s, equivalent to 9c delivered here.
•'New crop drir-d peaches came in for decided
activity, sales of ten cars of standard, choice
and extra choice being reported on a basis of
be. 5»5C and 6c f. o. b. coast, respectively. Tele
grams frotn the coast also reported the market
on peaches and apricots advanced >^c.
"The saie of a car of fancy Royal apricots In
25-lb boxes was reported at full prices.
"Stronger cable advices from Smyrna led to
renewed Inten^t In imported Sultar.a r&lsins
and a higher market. Sales of 4000 boxes were
male at full prices, with further business pend
ing. Five hundred boxes of bleached Sultanas
were reported sold at regular quotations. There
was more iiu*-re«<t for prunes, considerable In
quiry being noted for 50-6f»s in 25-lb boxes at 6c.
Two crown loose muscatel raisins are reported
cleaned up *n the <v>ast, while good three
crown are difficult to get. Seeded raisins are
Felling very freely, due probably to the ad
vancing market on currants and Sultanas.
Smyrna figs in ba« ?.re lc higher, being now
quoted at a'-j^jS^^c. Future apples were prac
tically unchanged. Sicily filberts are In good
demand and silently higher.
"A letter from the c.aM on aj>rie"ts gays a
rharp advance may be expected before long.
The demand for export continues, and the West
If buying quite heavily. The entire crop of
California, sny? the letter, will fall below the
estimate made a few months ago. It is now
fstated that the crop will not exceed 600 cars,
and that already two-thirds of thin has been
jiSaced. It Is further estimated that the crop
cf Santa Clara Valley will not turn out, all
told, to exceed 225 cars.
"The recent advances In apricots are ex
plained -in a letter from the coast, dated August
11. as follower 'The Pan Joaquin country Is en
tirely cleaned up, and the Southern California
ptook is largely out of first hands. Fruit that
will make choice or nearly choice goods Has
tx>en nearly all Fold. Other buyers have been
paying as high as Tc fcr ordinary stock of apri
cots and faok*. Vacaville apricots are largely
cleaned up. so that it leaves the main amount
of fruit ursold in the Santa Clara, country, and
I understand th<r are holding for considerably
hlpher prices. Apricots have been moving very
fast for the time of year. The crop, as far as
Fouthem California Is concerned, also the San
Joaquin country, did not turn out even an much
aa was anticipated, and should the demand
co:it!nu" the crop will be* cleaned up In this
part of the State eoon."
Mnil aa vices from New York ea.y
Dried Fruit in Nezv York.
"The prune crop is being {rathere<5. and the
y:<-;.; i? s^aid to be better than expected a few
«wks ago, although extremely light in those
foci ions affected by the late spring frosts: the
truit is Dot generally up to the standard In
quality. Othfr deciduous fruits are plentiful.
an-J are b^ins Fhipped and cured in lame quan
t.iifr. Tai.1^ and wine grapes are abundant
in mrst sections and of rood quality. Raisin
grapes are somewhat backward, and a light
yuA'l is predicted l,y the vineyardlsts. Citrus
fruit?, clivfcs and walnuts continue in good con
dition." . -
¦ Th-> hay crop has been gathered and baled;
the yiel.J was heavy except in sr>Trie portions of
Th«» "eoajn section sr.il in Southern California,
eni the quality generally excellent. Hop picking
1 .!? oommenoed ;n some localities; a light yield
is probable. Corn 1? looking well and will
M'!i a peod crop. Early potatoes are said to
t>e a failure In soire places, nnd the later va
rif-ti^e- not very thrifty. Irrigation water Is
rlomiful except in portions of Southern Cali
fornia.
"Wheat harvesting and threshing are com
ji-'tMi, except in & tew localities. The crop
is a trrfat disappointment to growers, both in
quantity ard quality; in some of the great
dmt fields, however, a good average crop has
been pathrred. ard the quality is r.early if
r.'t quite up to FtamJard. Barley and oats are
elt-o b^ti"-w average.
"Abnormally cool weather has prevailed
thr-uchout the State during the week, with
considerable cloudiness and foes in some sec
t;ws. Light rrrinkles of rain have fallen in
places alcrg th* coast, but net sufficient to
Interfr p* with farming operations.
A. C McAdie. section director of the United
Btatea Weather P.ureau. for the California Crop
]¦;"( t:r.. »•«••• k ended August 2' 1 , reports as foi
lvs;
Condition of California Crops.
The steamer Titania. which sailed yesterday
for Nanaimo. B. C. carried the following mer
chnniise. valued at $C4S:
T^n toni CumV.eriand coal, 6 bales cotton
Kutc 64 keps rT'ikes.
Merchandise for Nanaimo.
The Britten ship Norma cleared yesterday for
Qucor.stown for orders with 7K,2 1 ?0 ctls barley,
valued at J71.G00. and 22.000 feet lumber dun
cage, valued at SC30. Total value, $71,930.
Barley Shipment.
The Comrierce loads lumber at Port Blake-ley
for Hongkong, €2s 6d; the steamer EidsvoM.
lumber on Puget Sound for Shanghai, prior to
nrrival: the steamer Oak Branch, lumber from
Tat'oir,a and part cargo from Portland t<> Hoi)(f
korur. prior to arrival; the Solid*, lumber at
Tort Eiakeley for Cork.
Charters.
EASTERN MARKETS.
Meat market as previously quoted.
LIVERPOOL, Aug. 22.— WHEAT— Spot, firm;
No. 2 red Western winter. 6s l%d; No. 1
Northern spring, 6s 2Hd; No. 1 California. 6s
3df«s 3Hd. Futures, quiet; September, 5s 10%d;
December. 6s %d.
CORN— Spot, firm: American mixed, new,
4s Hd; do, old, 4s V4d. -Futures, quiet; Sep
tember, 4s %d; October, 4s *»d; November,
4s %d. >
LONDON, Aug. 22.-Consols, 9S&: silver,
28>id; French rentes, 100f 70c; cargoes on pas-
BaRe. firm, not active. 3d higher; No. 1 standard
California, 30s; Walla Walla, 29s 3d; English
country markets, dull.
LIVERPOOL. Aus. 22.— Wheat, firm; No. 1
etandard California, Cs 3^d; wheat In Paris,
firm: flour in Paris, firm: French country
markets dull; weather in England, unsettled.
COTTON— Uplands, D ll T 16d.
CLOSING.
Foreign Markets.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA Aug. 22.— Wheat dull, unchanged.
Bluestem, 5Sc; club, 55c; l>oth for export.
PORTLAND, Aug. 22.— Walla Walla, 54c; val
ley, 54^530; blupstem, 56@57c.
OREGON
Northern Wheat Market.
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND. Aug. 22.— Clearings, J365.2S6;
balances, $35,C35.
The wool market has shown more activity
the past week, although the business reported
has been in spots, not being at all well dis
tributed among the members of the trade.
Many of the latter report absolutely nothing
doing while a few others report some good
sized sales, which swell the volume of tran
sactions for the week under review to about
3 500 000 pounds. Last year, at this time, the
weekly sales were close to 5,000,000 pounds.
Some fair sized lines of Territory and. Texas
wools have been disposed of. The feeling
among the trade is pretty firm.
BOSTON, Aug. 22.— The American Wool and
Cotton Reporter will say to-morrow:
Boston Wool Market.
NEW YORK, Aug. 22.— At the opening the
general feeling in the cotton market was bare
ly steady, with prices lower. Toward the close
the market weakened badly under heavy
liquidation and bear hammering and closed
steady, 5 points higher on August, but SitflO
points lower on other months.
Nezv York Cotton Market.
NEW TORK, Aug. 22.— The weakness of the
local metal market grows dally. A bad turn
of the London market to-day intensified the
weakness here and unfavorable news from the
West added to the general depression. At the
close the. metal exchanRe called pig warrants
weak at $11 nominal. Lake copper, quiet, at
lGiie; tin. considerably lower and very weak
at $30 12V.<S30 15. Lead, dull, at $4 25. Spelter.
$4 10<g'4 ISc. The brokers' price for lead is $4
and for copper 16?lc.
Nezv York Metal Market.
CHICAGO, Aug. 22.-CATTLE-Receipts, 25,
000. including 4000 Westerns and 9C0 Texans.
Generally 10c to 15c lower. Natives, good to
prime steers, }5 40®6; poor to medium. *4 600
5 30; selected feeders, steady, $4@4 .5: mixed
stockers, slow. {3 25@3 90; cows, $2 6»@4 2a:
heifers. $3@4 90; canners, $2(3'2 60; bulls, J2 imp
4 43: calves. $4 50^G iO. Texas fed steers J4 la
©5; grass steers. J3 15(S-4; bulls, $2 »0®3
HOGS— Receipts to-day, 25,000; to-morrow.
21.000; estimated left over. CW0. Light and
butchers', strong; heavy, slow. Top, 5o5.!4;
mixed and butchers'. $5^5 50; good to choice,
heavy. S5 OSiR.1 40; rough hea\->-. $4 90*35 20; bulk
of sales, to loffjf) 35.
PHEEP— Receipts, 5000. Sheep and lambs,
choice about steady; others, 1C'i15c lower; good
to choice wethers. t3 c:.^4; fair to choice mixed.
t3 SoSi-3 60; Western shf-cp, ?3 30113 7?.: T>>xas
sheep, $2 50-ff3 50: native lambs, $4 ir.®3 23;
Western lambs, $4 75(aa 15.
Chicago Livestock Market.
CHICAGO, Aug. 22.— The Earl Fruit Com
pany's sales of California fruit were: Orapes—
Muscats, average $1 Oo single crates; Malagas,
S5c®$l 25. Pears-BartlettF. $1 5001 Ca box;
Beurre Hardy, $1 30®l 35. P^ches-Muir, ,0®
75c box. Plums-Quackenbo*. average Me
single crates; Kelsey Japans. B0®85e-J P ™ n r e a S ~
Gros. 60c@J110 single crates; Italians, average
n portir Bros. Company's sales were: P££^-
Gros. 20@90c single crate; Oiant. koc. i ears
Bartletts. Jl 95<g2 05 box and $1 hal f __b°*-
Peaches-Susquehanna, U SO box Grapes-To
kay, $1 15® 1 90 single crates; Muscats |1 10.
Plums-Robe de Sareent. SOc single crates.
NEW YORK. Aug. 22.-The Earl !• ru it Com
pany's sales of California fruit were. Orapes—
Muscats. ?1@1 13 single crates; Tokays, *l .j0®
1 SO. Pears-Bartletts. $1 30172 50 box; |10US
half box. Peaches-Late Crawfords. 7o®9oC
box: Orange Cling. 70cig$l 20: s "squehanna. ioc
6*1. Plums-Kelsey Japans. 90o«$l M single
crates; Yellow Egg, average $l»05 Prunes—
Gros, 90c@U« single crates; Wallenberg, »&
I SO. ' t,
Porter Bros. Company's sales were: Pears—
Bartletts. $1 65-S1 95 box, Jl 15 half box: Sum
mer Seckles, 75c slnple crates: Beurre Hardj.
$1 25©1 45 box. Peaches— Late Crawfords. $1 0o
01 10 box; Susquehanna, II 10. Xectarines-
II 205T2 23 single crates. Plums-Kelsey «c0
$135 single crates.' Prunes— Gros. Sac© *w.>
pinsle crates; Hungarian. 95c*?U 20: Silver $1:
Fallenberg. ?1 60. Grapes-Tokays, $1 35ft 3-0
single crates.; Clusters. |2 90; Muscats, ?1 05@
1 70 single crate.
Wheat- LIVERPOOL ' Sept. »~
M?. :::::;::::::::::==. §J
PARIS. _ ¦
Wheat- Au*. *%--? cl >;
Opening »M q.«" " g
Closing 20 20 .1 M
Flour — . „ ¦ „„, .
Opening 2« 30 27 80
Closing..... 2«> 3j -SO"
second time column gives the second tide of
the day. the third time column the third tld»
and the last or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day. except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights
civ-en are In addition to the soundings on tha ,
United States Coast Survey charts, except J
when a minus siirn (— ) precedes the helghw
and then the number given Is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference is the mean of the lower low waters.
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of th<\
day In the order of occurrence aa to time. The
Sugar again adz'anccd.
A chance for California Figs this year.
Sonic kinds of Shot higfwr.
Grain Bags lower again and iveak.
Sih-cr a fraction higher. Exchange as before.
Wheat futures adz'anced again. Barley dull.
{ )ats firm and in demand. Rye neglected.
Corn cleaned up and very firm.
Railroad 'yards congested with Hay.
/leans and Seeds sJwzv no further change.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables unchanged.
flutter continues to decline. Cheese steady.
Fine ranch Eggs cleaning up and firm.
Poultry doing rather better under light receipts.
Choice Pears and Peaches firm. Grapes doing better,
i'ricd Fruits continue firm here and in Nezv York.
Xo further variation in Proz>isioi:s.
Sun rises 5:3!
Sun sets ...&¦>!
Moon rises 4:03 a. m.
Nezv York Stock Market.
NEW YORK. Aug. 22.— The level of prices I '
wan not materially changed as a result of to- | ]
day's trading in stocks. In fact the. fluetua- ! !
tlons Jn the most prominent railroads did not | •
exceed *» per cent and in only a few special- j ;
ties was th» range a point. Conditions under- <J
lying the general situation are the main topic j <
of discussion on the street and it apparently I !
required unusual developments to extricate the |
market from the rut In which It has fallen. ¦
With operations pretty generally limited to
the trading element who close their contracts j
from day to day not much importance can be
attached to current market movements. Some I .
effort way made at the opening to continue j
yesterday's late reaction, but supporting; orders j
appeared in Brooklyn Transit and People's V
Gas, which strengthened the entire list. Con- 1
solldated Gas was in extreme demand and rose j
alir.uFi two points on buying Inspired by its I
early restoration to an S per cent annual divl- i r
(lend basis. A subsequent attack was made
on People's Gas. th* price going down 1V4 and I
remaining under last night until the final deal
ings. No definite news had developed to ac- I *
count for the recent pronounced pressure < *
against this stock. Business was at a stand- ] ¦"
still during the greater part of the afternoon, I *
but toward the close there was a slight spurt
and prices- rose to the best figures of the <3a>
on short covering. Canadian Pacific yielded a.
point on apprehension of labor <3i!llculties anil
Western Union almost as much on unusuallv*
heavy transactions. London traded on both j
sides of the account, but the aggregate of
transactions was small. '.
The bond market was Irregular to-day on j '
moderate dealings. Total sales, par value, {
(7X5,000. J
United States refunding 2s, when issued, ad- |
vanced *- 4 c in the bid price.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Shares Closing .
gold. Stocks— Bid.
210 Atchison 27%
1.500 Atchison prefd 7M4
700 Baltimore & Ohio 71*»
Z^O Canadian Pacific 89
100 Canada Southern 43
£00 Chesapeake & Ohio 27% i
Chicago Great Western 10'-» .
900 Chicago Burlington & Quincy 125*4 ,
Chicago Ind & Louisville 22
Chicago Ind & Louisville prefd 53
Chicago & Eastern Illinois %>-i
300 Chicago & Northwestern 162W
1,700 Chicago Rock Island & Pacific 106"»
C C C & ft Louis 6S«£
1,000 Colorado Southern 6V» ;
Colorado Southern 1st prefd 42
Colorado Southern 2d prefd 18
Delaware & Hudson 112
Delaware Lack & Western 177'i
Denver & Rio Grande lS'i
¦ 300 Denver & Rio Grande prefd cr,\
Erie W'i
Erie 1st prefd 33
Great Northern prefd 1~2
Hocking Coal 14VJ
Hocking Valley , 31H
230 Illinois Central 116%
100 Iowa Central IS
;. Iowa Central prefd 43
Kansas City Pittsburg & Gulf 15*4
Lake Erie & Western 2S
Lake Erie & Western prefd 91
Lake Shore 209
150 Louisville & Nashville 71"i
440 Manhattan L 92
Metropolitan Street Railway 153%
Mexican Central 11T4
400 Minneapolis & St Louis 55
Minneapolis & St Louis prefd 93
1,200 Missouri Pacific 51
Mobile & Ohio 37
Missouri Kansas & Texas 9%
Missouri Kansas & Texas prefd.... 30%
750 New Jersey Central 136'i
175 New Tork Central 12»»4
100 Norfolk & Western ". 33%
Norfolk & Western prefd 74*4,
200 Northern Pacific 51%
620 Northern Pacific prefd 71
Ontario & Western 21
Oregon Railway & Nav 42
Oregon Railway & Nav prefd 76
150 Pennsylvania 129H
Reading 16%
2.C00 Reading In prefd £9%
Reading 2d pre-fd 2SVi
Rio Grande Western CO
. ... Rio Grande Western prefd 90
.... St Louis & San Fran 9%
St Louis & San Fran 1st prefd 66
100 fit Louis & S F 2d prefd, ex div 33%
300 St Louis Southwestern 12
3 000 St Louis Southwestern prefd 2S T £
4J00O St Paul U3%
Bt Paul prefd 1.2
St Paul & Omaha 110
"»,700 Southern Pacific 3274
600 Southern Railway 11*4
345 Southern Railway prefd fcZ>*
300 Texas & Pacific 14 14
4.100 Union Pacific 69
1.452 Union Pacific prefd 78H
Wabash «i
100' Wabash prefd -••••••• »£
Wheeling & Lake Erie E-i
100 Wheeling & Lake Erie prefd 23
Wisconsin Central ¦ 14
Thlid Avenue "0
* Express Companies—
Adams 123 w
American l«
United States 45
Wells-Fargo 12*
Miscellaneous— " .
.... American Cotton Oil 33Vi
.. American Cotton Oil prefd 88>*
American Malting 4'4
1O0 American Malting prefd 23H
.. American Smelting & Refining 37*4
125 American Smelting & Refining pfd.. 8SVi
American Fpirits Hi
American Spirits prefd 17
600 American Steel Hood 19
American Steel Hoon prefd CG
L22S American Steel & Wire 35>,»
American Steel & Wire prefd 74
American Tin Plate 25%
100 American Tin Plate prefd 77
600 American Tobacco 93>A
American Tobacco prefd 128
450 Anaconda Mining Co 45
7 ISO Brooklyn Rapid Transit 57
200 Colorado Fuel & Iron 34H
700 Continental Tobacco 26
Continental Tobacco prefd 77
E20 Federal Steel 34%
210 Federal Fteel prefd 66%
800 General Electric 138%
Glucose Sugar 52%
Glucose Sugar prefd 9S
C20 International Paper 23
120 International Paper prefd 66
Laclede Gas 75
400 National Biscuit 31\t
National Biscuit prefd 82 ! i
National Lead IS
National Lead prefd 90%
100 National Steel 25^
National Steel prefd &4
New York Air Brake 130
North American V 15
Pacific Coast Co i
Pacific Coast 1st prefd :... 8S
Pacific Coast 2d prefd ....61
400 Pacific Mail - 31
12.800 Peopled Gas 95%
300 Pressed Steel Car 38V4
300 Pressed Steel Car prefd 71%
138 Pullman Palace Car ....lSS
100 Standard Rope & Twine 3'4
3.325 Sugar 123%
.... . Sugar prefd • ....116
400 Tennersfe Coal & Iron... 69Vi
2,310 United States Leather ....: 10%
235' United States Leather prefd ........ C?V4
900 United States Rubber 30Vj
United States Rubber prefd 94Vfc
3,890 Western Union 78%
500 Republic Iron & Steel Co HVi
Republic Iron & Steel prefd 53
P C C & St Louis 64
85.800 Shares sold.
NEW YORK, Aug. 22.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London - financial cablegram says:
There was downrleht stagnation In the mar
kets here to-day, the spread of the railway
labor troubles being special cause for dullness.
Americans were almost wholly neglected. The
bank bought £122,000 gold In bars. Money
rates were again unchanged.
CLOSING.
liONDON. Aug. 22.— Atchison, 2SV»; Canadian
Pacific. 91H: Union Pacific preferred, 78; North
ern Pacitlc preferred. 73U; Grand Trunk. 6%;
Anaconda. 9Vi; Hand Mines, 33%: bar silver,
steady, 2S\id per ounce; money, 2H per cent.
Neiu York Money Market.
NEW YORK, Aug. 21.— Money on call, steady,
l^ftlVi per cent. Prime mercantile paper, 4^5
per cent. Sterling exchange, firmer, with actual
business In bankers' bills at $4 $7% for demand
and at $4 S4 l i for sixty days; posted rates, $4 S5
©4 S5^fe and $4 8S l / s < a4 S9. Commercial bills,
$4 S34@4 84.
Rar silver, Gl%e. Silver certificates, 61^@
62'i. Mexican dollars, 4SHc.
Government bonds, strong; State bonds,
steady; railroad bonds. Irregular.
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 22.— To-day's statement
of the treasury balances In the general fund,
exclusive of the JIdO.COO.OOO gold reserve in the
division of redemption, shows: Available cash
balance, $135.So3,990; gold. 159,045.647.
Shipment of Silver.
NEW TORK. Aug. 22. — The steamship Fuerst
Bismarck, failing for Europe to-morrow, will
take out 146,000 ounces of silver.
U 8 ref 2s, when M K & T 2da C 66}&
issued, reg 104 M K & T 4s 91?i
U S ref 2s. when N Y Cent lsts 10SH
Issued, coup 104 N J Cent sen 5s — 123
U S 3s reg 109 X Pacific 3s 6GV4
U S3s coup. ...... .103 IN Pacific 4s 104
U S new 4s reg.... 133 N Y C & S L 4s.. .107
U S now 4s COUP..1S3 N & W con 4s 97%
U S old 4s reg....v.H5 Or Nav lsts 109
1 U S old 4s coup 113 Or Nav 4s ...102
| U S 5s reg 112% Or Line 6s...l2fi'&
U S 5s coup 112 1- Or S Line con as. .112
Dis of Co! 3.C5R....120 "{Reading Cen 4s.... 87%
Atchison gen 4S....100VR G W lsts SS^.
Atchison adj 4s.... 85'*. S L <t I M con tis.llOTfe
; Canada So 2ds 10S IS L & S F gen 6s. 121%
! Ches & Ohio 4'As... 99%lSt Paul cons 16S
I Ches & Ohio :s....H7'-.,S P C & P lsts ll'»
I C & NW con 7s....i:M ";S P C & P 5s 1H01
1 C & NWSKdeb 5s. 120 'So Pacific 4s... 7SMs
j Chgo Terminal !s. H2'-i;Ko Railway 5s lOS^Ji
I Colo Poutliern 4s... S2V> Btand R & T 6s.... 63
D & R G lFts iO2H}T«c & Pac lsts....lllH
D & R G 4s 9S Tex <t Pac 2ds 66
; Erie General 4s.... 69 Union Pacific 4s 105U
t F W & D C lsts... 72 Wabash lsts 117li
! Gen Electric 5s 116 Wabash 2ds 101"
i Iowa Central lsts.. 113 West Shore 4s 111%-
K C P & O lsts... 69 Wis Cent lsts KSMi
L & N Unl 4s 9S*i Va Centuries t»0
I MINING STOCKS.
Chollar .'. 14, Ontario 5 50
! Crown Point 14:Ophlr BO
i Con Cal & Va 1 35! Plymouth 10
i Doadwood 45 i Quicksilver 150
I Gould & Curry 15 Quicksilver prefd.. 6 10
i Hale & Norcross.. SOISierra Nevada...... 33
' Homestake 50 00' Standard 3 75
! Iron Silver OOUnion Con IS
i Mexican 25 Yellow Jacket 29
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
i Money — ' Union Pacific 58%
: ''all loans 2H3 !\Vest End 93
: Time loans 3i(4!s Westinghse Elec... 46>4
j Stocks— I Wisconsin Cent.... 14-
Atch T & St Fe... 27%' Honds —
Do prefd TOVij Atohison 4s 99H
American Sugar... 123V* jN E Gas & C 5s... 64
I>o prefd 116 < Mining Shares-
Bell Telephone 142'a 1 , Adventure IVi
Boston Elevated. ..143 lAUouez MIn Co W,
' Boston & Maine... 1SS ! Araalff Copper SSV4
I Chi B & Q 125«4i Atlantic 23
Dominion Coal 41?*iRoston & Mont 320
Do prefd 110 jRutte & Boston.... 63
Federal Steel......: 34 M,| Calumet & Hecla..76O
Do prefd - . GG 1^ I Centennial 16%
Fitchburg prefd. ...IS"? iFranklin 14
Gen Electric 137U Humboldt 25
: Do prefd 139 Osceola 67«4
I Ed Elec 111 205 |Parrot 41=i
! Mexican Central ."f. It's Quincy 140
! Mich Telephone S." I Pt Fe Copper i%
'¦ N E Gas i: Coke... 1S% Tamarack 209
hOld Colony 204 Utah Mining...:... 31
TOM Dominion lSUiWinona 8
Rubber 30Vi' Wolverines 40V4
! London Market.
CLOSING BONDS.
Summary of the markets
THURSDAY. AUGUST 23.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Lo-nr
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the. city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places.
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL NEWS
74%c; No. 2 corn.- 40c; No. 2 yellow. 40 Vl: h H°'
2 oats, 22V 4 c; No. 2 white, 24*@2-6c; No. 3
24S25UC; good feeding barley. 3b', S c: fair to
choice malting. 41®4Gc; No. 1 flax seed 5140,
No. 1 Northwestern, ?1 40: prime timoUo '*?£?:
$3S3®3S5: mess pork, per barrel. *10 S 0@ 10 So
lard, per 100 pounds. $6 70@6 72%; short ribs
Bldea (loose). ?8 S0@7 23; dry salted shoulders
(boxed). Cfcfislic: short clear sides
$6 45i3fi 55; whisky, basis of high wines, jl ~iA-
Articles- : . Receipts. Shipments.
Flour., barrels «.«» -JyJS
Wheat bushels Ifr™
Rye. bushels 6,<X)0 :iV'nnn
Barley, bushels 17,000 j^OOO
On the Produce Excha^gTto^afy fteBuHer
market was firm. Creameries. lH^O^c.Ual
ries. 14!ffl8c. Cheese, steady. lOigJlllic. L*B~*.
firm; fresh, 12'Ac.
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
U e.. at noon of the 120th meridian, or at 9
o'clock p. m., Greenwich time. f J
C. O. CALKIN'S.
Lieutenant Commander. U. S. N., in charge.
Flour, qr sks 9,642] Mustard, sks J2
Wheat, ctls 6.40O; Chicory, bbls ,-J)
Barley, etls 74.888 Wool, bales 258
Oats, ctls 2.643 Raisins, bxs 71
Butter, ctls 1S4 Quicksilver, flsks 51
Cheese, ctls 310 1 Straw. Ions 40
Tallow, ctls 878' Hay. tons 898
Beans, sks 2S3l\Vine. gala 51 2<V>
Potatoes, sks 7,273| Pelts, bdls 2«7
Onions, sks 1,06V Hides No 234
Bran, sks 923 l Leather, rolls 164
Middlings, sks... 40 Eggs, doz 10.710
Sugar, sks 300
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks 830 Oats, ctls 650
FOR WEDNESDAY. AUGUST 21
Receipts of Produce.
BAGS — Grain bags are lower again, and large
lots might be bought even under the new quo
tation. San Quentin Bags; $."> 63; Calcutta
Grain Bags. 3-%c: Wool basrs. •^•i'SoiHe: Fleece
Twine. 7Vjc; Fruit Bags. SMOCXC for white and
8K08£q for bleached Jute.
COAL— Wellington. J3 per ton; Southfleld
Wellington, $9; Seattle, J7; Bryant. JG; Coos
Bay. $3 50: Wallsend. J9; Co-operative Wall
send. J3; Cumberland. J12 in bulk and J13 Z*> in
sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg. $14; Can
nel. III per ton; Coke, 115 pf-r ton in bulk and
J1S in sacks; Rocky Mountain descriptions.
JS 45 per 2000 lbs. and J8 50 per ton, according
to brand.
SUGAR — Prices have acraln advanced. The
Western Sugar Refining Company quotes, per
lb, in 100-lb bags: Cubes, A Crushed and Fine
Crushed, 6.70c- Powdered, 6.30c; Candy Granu
lated. 6.30c; Dry Granulated. 6.20c: Confec
tioners' A. 6.20c; Magnolia A, 5.S0c; Extra C.
5.70c; Golden C, 5. We; barrels, 10c more; half
barrels. 23c more; boxes, 50c more; SO-lb bags,
10c more. No orders taken for less than 73 bar
rels or Its equivalent. Domlnc*. half-barrels,
6.&5C; boxes. 7.20c per lb.
SHOT— Drop and Buck and Chilled Shot have
advanced 5 cents.
General Merchandise.
BEEF— 5@6c per lb for fair to choice.
VEAL— Large, 7@Sc; small. 8^9*40 per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, 7V£@Sc; ewes, 7g7V£c per
pound.
LAMB— Spring, 8^@9c per lb.
'PORK— Live Hogs, 6@6Hc for small, ."^i^j'ic
for medium and S^'fJoSc for large; stock Hogs
and feeders, 5}4@i»*ic; dressed Hogs, SSS^ic.
San Francisco Meat Market.
for medium. $1 for small and 50c for colts:
Horse Hides, do". Jl 60 for large. *1 25 for me
dium, $1 for small and 23@50c for colts. Deer
skins—Summer or red skins. 35c; fall or me
dium skins. We; winter or thin skins, 20c. Goat,
skins — Prime Angoras, 75c: large and smooth.
50c; medium, 35c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 4@4%c per lb; No.
2. 2<ij Z\ic; grease, 2i?r2V4e.
WOOL— Spring clip Is quotable as follows:
Northern, free. 15<gl6c; Northern, defective. 12®
14c; Middle County, free. 14<gl8c; Middle Coun
ty, defective, 12(Q;14c; Southern Mountain, 12
months', Ilfzl2c; Southern Mountain, free. 7
months, 10@12e: Southern Mountain, defective,
7 months', italic: Humboldt and Mendoclno.
16ffl7c; Nevada. 13® 16c per lb.
Fall Clip— e'an Joaquin. SViffSc: do Lambs*.
SQ9c; Middle County, 9#Uc per lb.
HOPS— Old. nominal at 5310c per lb: new.
10<&12c. '
There was no change of any consequence on
the morning session of the Bond Exchange,
business being dull. ¦
In the afternoon Oceanic Steamship sold up
to $94. and Gas and Electric was weaker at $33.
The oil stocks were featureless.
The Kentuck Mining Company has levied an
assessment of 3c.
The Standard Consolidated dividend of 10c
per share will be raid to-day.
I The Homestake Mining Company has declared
i the regular monthly dividend of 25c per share
I and an extra dividend of 2Jc per share, both
1 payable August 25.
STOCK AND BOND EXH1UNGE.
WEDNESDAY, Aug. 22-2 r. m.
Bid. Ask. Bid. Ask.
U S Bonds — Equit G L Co. 3M. 3U
4s quar coup.. 115 115% {Mutual Kl Co. liv. 11
4s do rec 115 llo* 4 O G L & II 4»v, (Q
4s do cp new. .133 134 iPac Gas Imp.. 50", ;i\i
4s quar cou?..103 103%|Pac L Co 44^ —
Miscellaneous — I Sac El G&PCo 2.1 —
Cal-st Cab 5s.U«<4 — IS F G & E 53 S3li
C C Water 3s.l(^U107 !San F"ranrisco. 5 »<-,
i Ed L & 1* 6s. 127** — IStkn O & E Co 10 —
F & Cl Rv 6s. 115 — | Insurance—
Geary-st R 5s. — 90 JFirenVs Fund.227 —
H C &. S oM:S- — — : Bank Stocks-
Do 5s — 104 !AnRlo-Cal Ltd. 63 —
L A Ry is 107 10T»4'Rank of Cal.. — 412H
L A Lt Co 6s — — | Cal S D & T..I0J —
Do pntd 6s..— — First Natlenl.275 —
L A cntd 5s. .100 lOSii'Lon P & A 134* t —
L A P It n 5s. — — | Merchants" Ex 15 —
Market-st 6S..127H130 | Nev Xat Bk.. — —
Do 1st M 58.1134 — Savlnr* Banks—
XCXGRTs- — Ger S & L....1S^> 1350
N R of Cal 6s.ll3 — Hum 8 & L.. — —
Do la . ...100H— iMut Sav. Bk.. 45 —
N P O R It 69.101 — iS F Sav U 507 —
Do 6s 106'.slO7 Sav & L So.... 74 78
N Cal Ry 5s.. — lll'.i Sec Sav Rk.... — —
Oak G L & H.1U 112 j Union T Co.... — —
Oak TVan 6s...U7«a — Street Railroads-
Oak \VCogtd5s— 103 {California 123 —
Oceanic S Co..l06%107tt Geary-st 50 —
Om C Ry 6s. ..127 — jMarket-st 6t 63
P & Cl Ry 6S.103H — JO S L & H.... — 45
P & O R R 63.115 — (Presidio — 224
Powell-st R 6s,12O — Poifrttr Stocks-
Sac El GftR5e. 9SH - ralifornla ....1S5 lfi?H
S F & SJV 53.119 — Giant Con Co. — 8«'i
S R of Cal 6s.llU41U% Vigorit 3 3'i
S P of A 6s...lllli — Surar Stocks—
S P C Cs (1903) — — liana S P Co. 7% s
Do (1906) 112Vi — Haw C i S Co 17 —
Do (1912) 11S>4 — Honokaa S Co. Z>H —
5 PRClst gtn5s — — Hutch S P Co. 23'* 24
S P Rr 6s 132% — Kllauea SP Co 21 22
S V Water 6s. 113 — Makawell S Co 44 44VJ
Do 4s 102H103 Onomea S Co. 27 27*i
Do 3d mt(r...l02 — Taauhau S Co. 30 30^,
Etocktn Gas 6s 99i4 — Miscellaneous—
Water Stocks— Al Pack Assn. — 113
Contra Costa.. 63 63'i Cal Fruit Assn 95 9S
Marln County. 51V4 — ; Mer Ex .\«xn. S7 10t»
Spring Valley. 95 95 l i Oceanic S Co.. 94 95
Gas & Electric — j Pac A F A 2 —
Cent G & L Co - — IPac C Ror Co. 130 152'j
Cent L & P Co 4 5 i Par Paint Co. 12'4 —
Morning Session.
Board—
20 California Safe Deposit 105 00
135 Honokaa S Co 23 50
100 Makawell 44 00
60 Paauhau S P Co 20 W
15 S V Water 95 25
Street—
20 Alaska Packers" Assn US 50
40 Bank of California 410 00
J4.000 Oakland Transit Co 6.« 117 75 ;
Afternoon Session.
Board—
170 Equitable Gas 3 12'-'.
5 Oakland Gas 49 25
5 Oakland lias 49 50
15 Oceanic S S Co 94 0ft
25 Pacific Gas Imp 51 00
$5,000 Sacramento Elec, Gas and Ry 5s.. 99 75
150 S F Gas and Electric Co 53 00
$36,0<JO S P of C 6s (1306) 112 25
PRODUCERS' C.~ EXCHANGE. j
Mom Ing Session. !
Beard— !
13Cfl Home Oil 4 50
200 Twenty-eight 1 25
Afternoon Session.
Board—
100 West Lake 42
25 Homestake 12 50
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales in the San Francisco
Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
. 200 Belcher 16 1 50 Hale & Norcrs. 23
40) Challenge 2il 50 Utah 07
600 Chollar 16. 800 Yellow Jacket.. 3a
Afternoon Session.
700 Andes 0S| 600 Ophir r*
100 Belcher 131 100 Pstosl '. 23
100 Caledonia 53 i 300 Sierra Nevada' 37
10O Caledonia 54 700 Silver Hill. . ar
600 Challenge 22, 4C0 Utah " 07
100 Challenge ...... 23|1300 Yellow Jacket.! 30
100 Cod Cal & Va..l 35
Following were the sales In the Pacific Stock
Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
200 Caledonia 53 200 Ophlr .... S«
200 Caledonia 60 200 Potoal * 23
t 400 Chollar 19 900 Savage .".'.'.'* 11
400 Con Cal & V.I 37H 500 Yellow Jacket" 30
1 200 Confidence ..... 83 *
Afternoon Session.
300 Challenge Con.. 24 2C0 Silver Hill.. 45
400 Challenge Con.. 23 300 Silver Hill 43
300 Justice 03 400 Yellow Jacket.. 30
500 Potosl 24 700 Yellow Jacket.. 29
300 Sierra Nevada. 37
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
S WEDNESDAY. Aug. 22-4 p. m.
Bid. Ask. ' Bid. Ask.
r Alpha OS OS 1 Justice 03 05
. Alta 03 03jKentuck — 0J
Andes 07 OS i Lady Wash 02 —
Belcher 13 14; Mexican 27 2S
r Best & Belcher. IS 19 [Occidental 11 13
• Bullion 03 05 Ophlr 56 57
• Caledonia 55 — (Overman 07 08
Chollar 17 IS Potost 23 :4
" Challenge Con.. 23 24 Savage 10 11
• Confidence 79 81 Scorpion 02 —
Con Cal & Va..l 35 1 40 Seg Belcher 02 03
B Con Imperial... — 02 Sierra Nevada. J7 JS
• Con New York. — C3 Silver Hill 46 47
Eureka Con — 45 St Louis — 14
Crown Point 14 1* Standard 4 10 4 25
Exchequer '— 03 Syndicate -* OS
Gould & Curry. 1« 17 Union Con 21 23
Hale & Norcrs. 20 24 Utah 06 OS
I Julia — 01 Yellow Jacket.. » 30
Butter, Cheese and Eggs. \
____ i
Butter continues to shade off, being in large
supply and -Flow. There Is no lack of Cheese, <
and the market remains as before. : '
Fine ranch Eggs are gradually cleaning up, ¦
and the feeling is accordingly firmer, though (
no advance has been established.
H UTTER—
Creamery — Fancy Creamery, I3',i@34c; sec- ;
on-ls, 22^3 23c. ;
Dairy— Fancy. 22^22 l ,4c; good to choice, 20@
ZlVzc: common. 15$?18c.
Creamery tub— 20S22%c per lb.
Pickled roll— 19®20c.
Firkin— ISiMOc.
CHEESE— New, S^jc: fancy, 10c; old 81?S^c;
Young America, 10@10>ac; Eastern. 13Vi@14c:
Western, J0Q12c per Ib.
EGGS — Quoted at lafTtSc for store and 22@25c
per dozen for ranch; Eastern, 13@19c.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
There was not much new yesterday. Only
one car of Watermelons came in, and prices
continued to improve. Other Melons stood the
same. Tree fruits were In good supply aa a
rule, though choice Peaches and Bartlett Pearn
were In Uirht receipt and firm. Grapes showed
rather more tone, owing to the more favorable
weather.
Lemons and Umea were unchanged. .
DECIDUOUS FRUITS
APPLES—25® 50c per box for. common and
50c@$l for crood to choice; Crabapples, 23@30c :
per small box and 60c per large box. \
PEARS — Bartletts, 3S@S5c in boxes and $15© <
25 per ton in bulk.
QUINCES — 40@65c per box.
STRAWBERRIES— $3@5 per chest for large <
and $4(37 for email berries.
RASPBERRIES— $3S?S per chest <
BLACKBERRIES— $3«t3 per chest.
HUCKLEBERRIES— 5®6c Der lb. j
FIGS— 25®40c for single and 6O@73c for double
layer boxe3. (
NECTARINES— White, 35@50c per box; red, ,
23<V£73c.
PLUMS — 20® 40c per box and crate; in' bulk.
$10<g'15 per ton; Prunes, 25@50c per crate; Egg
Plums, $12@15 per ton.
PEACHES— 30860c per box; in bulk, $15@25
per ton for freestone and $13(f?20 for clings;
Mountain Peaches, 40@75c per box.
GRAPES— Fontainebleau. 35@-!0c per crate;
Muscats, 40<Q60c per crate; Seedless, 60(p7oc per
crate; Sweetwatpr. 33@50c; black, 30t50c; To
kay. 4l@»5Oc; Isabella. $1; Wine Grapes, $20®
23 r>er ton for Zlnfandel.
MELONS — Nutmegs, 23<g30c per case; Canta
loupes, 50cflU 23 per crate; Watermelons, $12 50
(RCj. with extra laree at $30 per 100.
CITRUS FRUITS— Lemons, $1 60<@2 for com
mon and $2 5Oig3 50 for good to choice; Mexican
Limes, $S / U3 60: Bananas. $1®2 per bunch; Pine
apples, $1 S0iQ3 50 per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins, t
Fruits of all kinds except Apples are firm
and in demand.
On account of the plague in Smyrna the Sec
retary of the Treasury has issued an order
prohibiting the importation from said place
of figs and raisins. About $1,000,000 worth of
Smyrna figs alone, based on their value in
this country, are imported annually, and Cali
fornia will be called upon to supply the de
ficiency.
• NEW CROP— Prunes, nominal; Apricots, 6®
Sc for Royals and 9tfJ10}4c for Moorparks;
Evaporated Apples. 5*Jf6c: sun-dried. 2H@3}4c:
Peaches, hQo\ic for standard, 6c for choice and
7c for fancy; Pears, o^^c; Plums, pitted. 5@
6c;> unpitted, lgl&c; Nectarines, 435<y for red
and 5@6c for white.
RAISINS — Bleached Thompson's fancy, per
lb, 10c; choice. 9c; standard, 8c; prime, 6c; un
bleached Thompson's, per lb. 6c. Sultanas —
Fancy, per lb, 8%c; choice. 7Vfcc; standard. 6Vjc;
prime. 5c: unbleached Sultanas. Be; -Seedless,
50- lb boxes. 5c; 2-crown loose Muscatels. C%c:
3-crown, 6Vic; 4-crown, 7c: London layers, 2
crown, $1 50 per box; 3-crown, $1 60. Fancy
Clusters, J2; Dehesa, $2 60; Imperial, $3. All
prices f. o. b. at common shipping points in
California.
NUTS— Walnuts. S®10 ! /4c for standards and 9
@llc for softshells; new Almonds. 12fll314c
for paper shell. 9Vfc@10c for soft and €@7c for
hard shell; Peanuts, 5Q6^c for Eastern and
5®6c for California; Brazil Nuts, U<g;i2%c: Fil
berts 12iS"13c; Pecans, US 13c; Cocoanuts, $3 50
@5.
HONEY— Comb, 13@14c for bright and 12<a
I2%c for light amber; water white, extracted,
7 1 .i®"V£c; light amber, extracted, 6V4®6%c; dark.
oV-fiSc per lb.
BEESWAX— 24®26c per lb.
Provisions.
If there is any cutting In Hams it !s not
general, as mo3t houses ask full figures. The
market continues quiet.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. 10^c per lb for
heavy, lie for Hcht medium, 12Vac for light, 13c
for extra light and 14V4C for sugar-cured. East
ern susar-cured Hams. 13c; Mess Beef, $12 per
bbl: extra Me3S. $13; Family, $14; extra Prime
Pork. $15 50; extra clear, $10; Mess, $16 50;
Smoked. Beef. 12i(:©13c Der lb.
LARD— Tierces quoted at 7c per lb for com
pound and 9c for pure; half-barrels, pure, 9V4c;
J0-ll> tins. 9»ic: 5-lb tins. 9%c.
COTTOLENE— One-half barrel, 8!ic; three
half barrels, S?ic; one tierce. 8%c; two tierces.
S%c; five tierces, S?4c per lb.
Hides, Tallozv, Wool and Hops.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about lc under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers. S'/4<59c; medium, 8Hc: HKht, S@8^c;
Cowhides, S^c; Stags, 6c; Salted Kip, 8c; Calf,
9c; I Dry Hides, sound," 15c; ' Dry Kip, 15c; Dry
Calf. 15c; ¦ culls and brands. 12c: - Sheepskins
Shearlings, 20@30c each; short Wool, 30<S50c
each; medium, '60@80c; long Wool. 90c@$l io
each;Horse Hides, salt, $2@2 25 for large, $1 75
The market Is still abundantly supplied with
almost all descriptions, and prices remain about
the same.
POTATOES— Garnet Chiles. 50c: Xew Early
Rose. 23«330c; Burbank*. 40?}<&c for Rivera and
75c<S$l per ctl for Salinas; Sweets, l',i@lftc ;
per lb.
ONIONS— Yellow, 50g60c per ctl; pickle
Onions. C0@75c.
VEGETABLES— Green Corn, 73c<ff:i per sack.
75c per crate for Berkeley and $1®1 25 for
Alameda; Green Peas, 2®3c per lb; String
Beans, lH@3c; Limas, 3iJoc; Cabbage. 40g:>0c;
Tomatoes. Hiver, >15@33c; Bay. 25fc{40c: Egg
Plant, E0@75c per box; Green Okra. 35igG0c:
Green Peppers, 3oi&i.0c per bos for Chili and 40
(?COc for Bell; Dried Peppers. S@10c; Carrots. 23
G35c per sack; Summer Squash, 33<g60c for Ala
meda; Cucumbers, lS^30c for Alameda; Pickles.
51 per ctl for No. 1 and 50c for No. 2; Garlic. 2%
4f3c per lb; Marrowfat Squash, $15@2O per ton.
Poultry and Game. ¦
Receipts are moderate at the moment, and
as the demand Is very fair tne feeling is
steadier and ; Hens show a small advance.
There is not much change In Game.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys. 9S10c for Gobblers
and lO^jllc for Hens; C.eese, per pair. Jl 25t?l 50;
Goslings, Jl 50^1 73; Ducks, $3@4 50 for old and
$3?M 50 for young; Hens. $3 5033; Young
Roosters. UQi 00; Old Roosters. JIft4 25;
Fryers. $3Q4; Broilers, $3ig3 50 for large and
$1 73t'2 50 for small: Pigeons. $150^173 per
dozen Tor old Jl 5CTil 73 for Squabs.
GAME— Dover,, 5if/60c per dozen; Cottontail
Rabbits $1 2531 50; Brush Rabbits! Jl; Hare,
$1 25.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Beans and Seeds.
There Is no further change to report.
BEANS-Dayos. $2 50@2 75; Small White. |3 75
4; large White, *3 10®3 25; Pink, J2 25@2 75;
Red, S3 2j<O3 50: Blackeye. $3 50; Lima, $5 15®
5 25; Pea, $3 50@3 70; Red Kidneys. $3 25@3 50.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard, 4c; Flax, J2(g2 20; Canary, 3Uc per
lb for California and 4c for Eastern; Alfalfa,
nominal; Rape, 2H'S3c; Hemp, 4@'4Hc; Tim
othy. 4@4Hc
DRIEIT PEAS- Xiles, nominal; Green. J2 25®
2 £0 per ctl; Blackeye. |2. .
The Southern Pacific Railroad Company -will
not receive any Hay in box cars for the pres
ent, owing to the congested condition of the
local yard. Otherwise there Is nothing new In
Hay.
BRAN— $12012 50 per ton.
| MIDDLINGS— ?16t|19 per ton. • ¦ '
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. J16@17 50 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. J26S27; jobbing:.
127 .'iO<(}2>i; C'oconnut Cake. 120(321; Corn Meal.
*2G 50: Cracked Corn, *27; Mixed Feed. $13 50<gl4.
HAY— Volunteer. $t L0®7; Wheat, |10<§12;
Wheat and Oat. $9 50^11 50; Oat, $S@10; Clover.
Ufl6; Alfalfa. $6®7 50; Barley, J6 50QS 50 per
STRAW— SO^T^c per bale.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
FLOUR-Caltfornia Family Extras. $3 60®
3 "5, usual terms; Rakers' Extras, J3 40@3 50;
Oregon and -Washington. $2 75® 3 10 per barrel
for family and $3 15ijf3 .50 for bakers' ; Eastern.
%i 75(55 75 per barrel.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour. *3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75; Rye
Meal, 'S2 50; Rice Flour. J7; Corn Meal. J2 75:
extra cream do, $3 r,0; Oat Groats. $4 50; Hom
iny, $3 50(f<3 73; Buckwheat Flour. J4&4 23;
Cracked Wheat, $3 50; Farina, $4 50; Whole
Wheat Flour. $3 25: Rolled Oats (barrels). $8
(57 2;; in sacks. $."> 75<S7; Pearl Barley. JO;
Sp'it Peas. J3; Green Peas, $3 50 per 100 lbs.
Flour and MiUstuffs.
for sellers, being very firm, with a steady de-
m White— $115<ftl 35; Surprise, $1 35@1 40; Red.
$1 1C<&U 23; Gray, $1 12&@1 20; Black, for feed,
Jl io.fil 15; for seed,-.. Jl 153-1 22V4 ver ctl.
COBN-h firm but nominal, as the market is
practically cleaned up. ¦ ¦
Eastern. Jl 22%; California Large Yellow
a£mV.2Z!A per ctl; White, $1 20S122H; Small
Round Yellow. $1 20© 1 22%. . - ¦_,,_.„
KYB— Quotations are nominal at STVsWJOC P*~
ctl.
15CCKWHEAT— Nominal.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, AUGUST 23, 1900.
Foreign Futures.
Steamer Movements.
TO ARRIVE.
8
Chicago Grain Market.
Time. Ball.
Branch Hydroeraphlc Office, U. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco. Cal.,
August 22, 1900.
The time ball on the tower of. the new Ferry
Sun, Moon and Tide.
ARRIVED.
Wednesday. August 22.
Stmr Eureka. Jessen. ?2 hours from Eureka.
gtmr Washtenaw, Gilboy, SS hours from Ta
coma.
Stmr Newsboy. Higitlns, 73 hours from Grays
Harbor.
n.-trk Olympic. Oibbs. ?*! days from Honolulu.
Schr J Eppinfcer. Skir»p*r. «5 hours from
Stewarts Point.
Srhr Nettie Sundborr. Anderson, 4'i days
from Fish Rock.
Sohr Mi7pah. Sutherland. V.? days from Puma
Arenas, via Manzanlllo T3 days, via Port llar
fnrd 14 day*.
Schr Bender Brother*. Wetzel. K hours from
P.owon* I. finding.
S.hr Mary Etta. Anderson, 24 hours from
Eowens Larn1!n~.
CLEARED.
Stmr Coos Bay. Nopander. San Pedro: Good
all. Perkins & Co.
Stmr Australia. lawless. Honolulu: J !>
Spreckels A Rros Co.
Br stmr Wellington. Salmond. Ccmox: R
Dunsmulr Sor.5 Co.
Nor Hmr Tltanla. Gulllkson. Nanaimo: John
Rnsenfelcl's Sor.s.
nr stmr Strathgyle, Gordon. Kob«; TJ S Gov
ernment. M
F.r shir* Norma. McDonnell, Queenstown;
Balfour. Guthrie & Cr>
SAILED.
Wednesday, August 22.
Stmr Australia, Lawless. Honolulu.
Stmr Sunol. Oreon. Nc»dle Rock.
Stmr Pcotla. Walvtjr. Albion.
Stmr JVfjtioia. Winkle. Fort Crwi.
Stmr Navarro, Jensen. Bower.a Landing. •¦«
Htmr Grace Dollar. Fosen. Eureka. I |
Stmr Frogre«o. Monroe. Seattle.
Stmt Luella. Miller, .
Br rtmr Ptrath^yle. Gordon. Kob«.
Ship I uclle. Hansen, Seattle.
Schr Xewark. Beck. Bowens Landing.
Schr Rio Rey. Johnson. FHh Rnek.
Schr Occidental. Rosich. Eureka.
Schr G'.en. Wilson. .
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. Au* 22. 10 p m— Weather
hazy; wtr.il west, velocity 12 miles.
STOKEN".
Aug *, Ul 4T X. l^>n 37 W— Br »h!p Cc^m^e^
rnere, hence March 14. for Queenstown.
MEMORANDUM.
Per whr Mizpah— Sailed (mm Punta Arenas
March 17. Put into Manzanillo Jur.e S to land
Captain Plerson. who was sick, and also to ob
tain wnter and provisions, b-'ail^d again on
June 10. Had light, variable winds. Put into
San Luis Obisr>° Auk S for provisions ana water
and sailed again Aug 10.
DOMESTIC FORTS.
NEATPORT-Arrtved Anfl Comjtlle
River, from Houda Laniinsr. '"_"''-!-•_.
PORT GAMBLE— Arrived Aug 22— Schr \ lne.
from Port Townaend.
SEATTLE— Sailed Aus 21-Stmr Ruth, for
Skaguay: Br stmr Athenian, for Kobe.
Arrived Aug 21-Sohr Emma and Louise, from
"sailed Aug 22— Tiirs Tat.iosh and Rescue, with
Iok raft In tow, for Han Francisco^ _
NEAH BAT-Pas.-*ed In Aug 22-Schr Dora
Seward. from Nome.
EUREKA— Arrived Aiisr 22— Stmr Pomona,
hence Aug 21; »tmr W II Kruger. from Tllla-
m SaUed Au? 2C-Schr Maxim, for San Fran-
r i vn . atmr 1'el N'Tte. for Astoria.
ALBl^N-Arrived Aug 22-Schr Jennie Wan.t.
SvSA^sSfed" Aus 22-Stmr Rival, for San
CASPAR— Sailed Au 8 22— Stmr Cleone. for
» FORT* 'BRAGG— Called Aug 22— Stmr National
Citv for 8aa Francisco.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived Augf 22— Stmr Alcazar. "\
S^N 8 T>IF.Gt>— Arrived Aug 22— Ger stmr Ta
nis fr^m Hamburg, for San Francisco.
Sailed \us»22— Ger bark Bertha, for Seattle
GR\YS HARBOR-Salled Aug 22-Schr Sai
lor Boy. for San Francisco.
EASTERN PORT.
i j;e3V YORK— Sailed Aug 21— Stmr Finance,
for Colon.
» FOREIGN PORTS.
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived Aug a— Fr bark,
Canmbert. hence March 24.
HONGKONG— Arrived Aug 21— Br stmr Em
press of India, from Vancouver.
¦p\UIA — Arrived Auc 21— Br ship Creedmore.
from Chemainus. for Queenstown.
YOKOHAMA— bailed Ana 15— Br stmr Mnn
mouth.«hire. for i'ortland. Aug a-S;mr Vic
toria, for Tacr.ma.
FALilOUTH— Arrived Auk 22— Br «hlp Olym
pic h«-nce March 2. and sailed for Hull.
KOBE— Arrived Aug 20— Schr Prosper, from
Port Townsend.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Sailed Aug 22— Stmr St Loui*.
for Southampton: stmr Noordland. for Ant-
I werp: stmr Germanic, for Liverpool.
I ANTWERP— Arrived Aug 22— Stmr Switzer
land from Philadelphia.
! LONDON— Arrived Aug 22— Stmr Martjuette.
} from New York.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived Aug 2C— Stmr Ultonla,
from Boston.
Sailed Auk 21— Stmr Cuflc. for New York
BOULOGNE— Arrived Aug 22— Stmr Amster
dam, from New York, for Rotterdam.
YOKOHAMA— failed Aug 21— Stmr Victoria,
from Honckong. for Tacoma.
QUEENSTOWX^Sailed Aug 22— Stmr lv<«
nla, from Liverpool, for Boston. V
Arrived Aug 22— Stmr New England. \f-^^.
Boston, for Liverpool, and proceeded. ~\*^^
CHERBOURG— Sailed Aug 22— Stmr KalTcr
¦Wllhelm der Grosse-, from Bremen, for New
York.
MOVILLE— Sailed Aug 22— Stmr Montfort.
from Liverpool, for Montreal.
California Fruit Sales.
O LTlme! Time!
p JL. W H W
• Ft -
1 Time! Time
L. W H W
! Ft. Ft. Ft.
y f i_
23 ... 4:12-0.2 11:00
24 ... 4:45 0.1 11:35
23... 5:17 0.4 12:0S
25 ... 5:47 0.8 12:38
H W it. W
27... 0:30 4.8! 6:1S
2S ... 1:14! 4.5 6:C
29 ... 2:0nj 4.3 7:14|
I ( r r
5.0 4:12 2.4! 10:15J tj
5.2 4:55 2.1 11:04 5.1
5.3 5:K 1.8 11:47 5.:2
5.3 6:14 1.7
H W L W
1.2 l:0oj 5.2 6:54! 1.5
l.« 1:31 5.1 7:31[ 1.4
1.9f 1:53 5.1 8:15| 1.3
Steamer. I Destination. | Sails. I Fier.
Coos Bay.JNewport Aur. 23, 9amiPterll
Barracouta ICen. AmericalAuK. 23. 12 m'PMSS
Eureka |Humbnldt [Au*. 23. 10 am Pier It
Areata ....ICoos Ray Iaur. 23. 12 in Pier 13
UmatUla ..[Victoria |Aur. 24. 11 am Pier 3
North Fork'Humboldt IAur. J4, 12 m Pier 2
Czarina .-...iPAattle |Ausr. 21. 11 am Pier 11
Corona !San DIpio I Auk. 27 k 11 am Pier It
CfKiulll" R.Klrays Harbor|Auic. 2S (
Columbia ..!Portlan<l 'Aus. X 11 am'Pler M
Pomona ...'Humbol.lt i.Vujt. 2>s 2 pm'Pler 3
Pt. Ar«na..!P.->int Arena.. >Ausr. 27. Spm'Pler 2
Honita 'X«wp<irt lAuif. 27. 9 am!Pi<»r V.
Peril !n« York lAuit. T». 12 m'PMSS
HorsVK M 'tilnavtJapan'AuK. 20. lpm'PMS?
Santa Rnsa San V\r^o 'Aug. Z>. 11 am'Pt?r 1!
City Puehla 1 Victoria [Aug. 20, 11 am'PIcr 3
I
!
•>
i
i
i
l
3
Steamer.
Ft
'm.
Due.
Columbia Portland Aug. 23
Corona San Diego Aug.23
Crescent City .. Crescent City Aug. Tt
Tanis iHambursr Aug. 23
Point Arena (Point Arena Aug. 23
Pomona 'Seattle Aug. 2t
Marlposa ISvdney Aug. It
Thyra 'China and Japan Aug. 21
Coqullle River. |San Pedro Aug. 23
Bonita Newport Aug. 25
City of Puebla. Victoria Aug. 2*
San Mateo Nanalmo Aug. 25
Curacao [Mexico Aug.
Fanta Uosa ISan Dle*o Axig. z_
Empire !Coos> Bay Aug. 17
Mackinaw ISfattls Aur. -.
Eureka [Humboldt Aug .27
Matteawan .... Tacoma Aug. -S
Xewburg Grays Harbor Aug. Ti
China IChlna and Japan Aug. 25?
State of Cal iPortlan.i Aug. IS
Arcata 'Coos Kay Auk. -S
Coos Bay I Newport jAug. a
Steamer.
Ft
'm.
Due.
Columbia Portland Aug. 23
Corona San Diego Aug.23
Crescent City .. Crescent City Aug. Tt
Tanis iHambursr Aug. 23
Point Arena (Point Arena Aug. 23
Pomona 'Seattle Aug. 2t
Marlposa ISvdney Aug. It
Thyra 'China and Japan Aug. 21
Coqullle River. |San Pedro Aug. 23
Bonita Newport Aug. 25
City of Puebla. Victoria Aug. 2*
San Mateo Nanalmo Aug. 25
Curacao [Mexico Aug.
Fanta Uosa ISan Dle*o Axig. z_
Empire !Coos> Bay Aug. 17
Mackinaw ISfattls Aur. -.
Eureka [Humboldt Aug .27
Matteawan .... Tacoma Aug. -S
Xewburg Grays Harbor Aug. Ti
China IChlna and Japan Aug. 25?
State of Cal iPortlan.i Aug. IS
Arcata 'Coos Kay Auk. -S
Coos Bay I Newport jAug. a
O LTlme! Time!
p JL. W H W
• Ft -
1 Time! Time
L. W H W
! Ft. Ft. Ft.
y f i_
23 ... 4:12-0.2 11:00
24 ... 4:45 0.1 11:35
23... 5:17 0.4 12:0S
25 ... 5:47 0.8 12:38
H W it. W
27... 0:30 4.8! 6:1S
2S ... 1:14! 4.5 6:C
29 ... 2:0nj 4.3 7:14|
I ( r r
5.0 4:12 2.4! 10:15J tj
5.2 4:55 2.1 11:04 5.1
5.3 5:K 1.8 11:47 5.:2
5.3 6:14 1.7
H W L W
1.2 l:0oj 5.2 6:54! 1.5
l.« 1:31 5.1 7:31[ 1.4
1.9f 1:53 5.1 8:15| 1.3
Steamer. I Destination. | Sails. I Fier.
Coos Bay.JNewport Aur. 23, 9amiPterll
Barracouta ICen. AmericalAuK. 23. 12 m'PMSS
Eureka |Humbnldt [Au*. 23. 10 am Pier It
Areata ....ICoos Ray Iaur. 23. 12 in Pier 13
UmatUla ..[Victoria |Aur. 24. 11 am Pier 3
North Fork'Humboldt IAur. J4, 12 m Pier 2
Czarina .-...iPAattle |Ausr. 21. 11 am Pier 11
Corona !San DIpio I Auk. 27 k 11 am Pier It
CfKiulll" R.Klrays Harbor|Auic. 2S (
Columbia ..!Portlan<l 'Aus. X 11 am'Pler M
Pomona ...'Humbol.lt i.Vujt. 2>s 2 pm'Pler 3
Pt. Ar«na..!P.->int Arena.. >Ausr. 27. Spm'Pler 2
Honita 'X«wp<irt lAuif. 27. 9 am!Pi<»r V.
Peril !n« York lAuit. T». 12 m'PMSS
HorsVK M 'tilnavtJapan'AuK. 20. lpm'PMS?
Santa Rnsa San V\r^o 'Aug. Z>. 11 am'Pt?r 1!
City Puehla 1 Victoria [Aug. 20, 11 am'PIcr 3
I
!
•>
i
i
i
l
3CHOOSE McLACHLAN
AS THE CANDIDATE
VALLEJO. Aug. 22.— The San Francisco
Brldco Company has secured the contract for
laying a new water main between Vallejo and
the navy yard. 4 •-;' '
OAKLAND, Aug. 22.— There were
three rlfta In the monotony which
threatened to overwhelm the Re
publican convention of the Third
Congressional District In Oakland to-day.
The first was the Mare Island band, which
was brought down by the Solano County
delegation. The second was W. H. Chick
ering's clever nominating speech, and the
third was Victor H. Metcalf's graceful ac
ceptance.
The convention was purely a ratlflcatlon
of the expressed will of the people.
When the Solano County delegation
made its appearance, headed by State
Senator J. J. Luchsinger and the Marine
Band from the receiving ship Indepen
dence, a great sigh of relief went up from
? he delegates. The band was a good one,
and it played all morning and all after
noon, and after the convention was over
It went up and serenaded Congressman
Metcalf. The member% of the Solano
County delegation showed the most en
thusiasm of the convention, and made
their appearance with gorgeous yellow
badges, and did everything possible to
make the convention a success. It was
more like a home delegation than a visit
ing one.
W. H. Chickerlng*8 nominating speech
was the most remarkable one ever deliv
ered in the State for Its extreme brevity.
Its graceful compliment to the gentleman
nominated, and its little reference, to the
defeated candidate. ,
There were seconding speeches by Ar
thur W. North of Yolo County. J. L.
Geary of Contra Costa County, who said
that Contra Costa was always loyal and
never got anything, and R. H. Collins of
Oakland. . .
The nomination was made by acclama
tion and a committee of three, composed
of Dr. II. N. Rowell of Berkeley, J. L.
Geary of Contra Costa and H. Hathaway
CONGRESSMAN "WHOSE SPLENDID RECORD SECURED A
BENOMTNATION.
tion at the County Seat.
Special Dispatch to Tha Call.
SAN I/OTS DEMOCRATS.
Choose Their Candidates in Conven-
SAN LUIS OBISPO. Aug. 22.— For As
semblyman, L. J. Beckett of Arrovo
Grande was nominated by the Populists
yesterday.
For Supervisors— Paul Pnster of Paso
Robles, First District; Ernest Payne of
San Luis OWspo. Third District* F. H
Smith of Santa Margarita. Fifth District.
Nine delegates were selected for tho
State convention. . t .
The Democrats of this county met in this
city to-day, with S. D. Merk of Paso Ro
blos ns : chairman, and made the forego
ing nominations. The usual Indorsements
were given to the national platform and
candidates. .
It Is understood that William McLean,
the Populist nominee for Supervisor in the
l'aso Roblea district, will not withdraw
from the race and It is believed that the
Republicans may win there. The Popu
lists have not Indorsed the nominees -for
Supervisors in the Third and Fifth Ois
trlcts.
Prohibition Delegates Chosen.
SANTA CRUZ, Aug. 22.— The Prohibi
tionists in .* mass ' meeting to-day elected
the 'following delegates to the State Con
vention which meets at Fresno August
28 and 29: Rev. E. L. Rich, Rev. E. H.
Hayden. Rev. M. D.' Buck. ,B. F. Brown.
W. R. Wilson. G. C. Deerlng, J. Hopkins
and A. L. Ward.
METCALF CHOSEN
BY ACCLAMATION
of Solano County, was appointed to
escort Mr. Metcalf to the platform.
Mr. Metcalf was greeted with cheers
and spoke briefly and gracefully, saving:
"Gentlemen: I thank you for this 'nom
ination. It is an exoreeslon of your con
fidence in me, and I "regard the confidence
of my constituents more highly than the
office of' Congressman. I will serve you
with all the energy and what ability I may
possess."
Then followed a few words about tho
national administration, and the follow
ing now Congressional Committee was ap
pointed by the # various delegations:
At lnree, Emll Nusbaumer; Forty-sixth. C.
L. Crellln: Forty-seventh, Colonel George Bab
cock: Forty-eighth, Rod W. Church; Forty
ninth, Morris J. Flynn; Fiftieth. George D.
Metcalf; Vnlo. Mark Chamberlain: -Colusa, T.
O. Arens: Glenn. W. N. Finch; Lake. \V. H.
Brown: Solano. XV. L. Crooks; Contra Costa,
John H. Bermlncham Jr.
The routine business of the convention
wps just like all conventions. J. L. Geary,
the chairman of the Congressional Com
mittee, called the gathering to order and
State Senator J. J. Luchslnger of Solano
County was elected chairman. Kverett J.
Brown secretary nnd James Kenney of
Berkeley sergeant at arms. Regular com
mittees were appointed ns follows;
Credentials— Forty-sixth, J. B. Parsons; For
ty-seventh, Frank Storer; Forty-elKhth. Frank
Harriott (chairman); Forty-ninth, W. J. Hen
nessey; Fiftieth. J. L. Crowley; Fifty-flrst, J.
W. Jones; Colusa. T. O. Arena; Glenn, J. R.
Kendrick: Yolo. Smith Allen; Solano, J. W
Kavanaush; Contra Costa. Arthur Burtln-
Lake, W. II. Brown.
Platform and resolutions— Forty-sixth, J. Mc-
Keown; Forty-seventh, Philip S. TelW; Forty
elKhth, Giles H. Gray (chairman): Forty-ninth,
H. N. Rowoll; Fiftieth, J. P. Taylor- Fifty
flrst, J. M. Foy: Colusa. A. A. Thayer; dlenn.
)v. M. Finch; Tolo, A. C. Ruggl«»s; Polano.
G. w. Crystal: Contra Costt* Charles O.
Gould; I^ake, N. B. Hanron.
Permanent organization and order of busi
ness — Forty-sixth. John GallPiron Jr ; Forty
spventh, D. F. Oliver: Forty-eighth, Ed Doyle:
Forty-ninth. J. S. Wilson: Fiftieth. S. T. Alex
ander: Fifty-first. Huirh Hogan; Colusa. A. A.
Thnyer (chairman): Glenn. A. Hochhelmer;
Yolo, \V. A.. Kennedy: Solano, J. F. Brown;
Contra Costa, M. It. Jones; Lake, T. Hender
son.
The reports of the committees closed the
mornings business, and the afternoon was
occupied by the nomination of Mr. JMet
calf.
ticket. Mr. Miller while in the Burns
camp at Sacramento did not take orders
as readily as the bosses desired. In fact.
he flatly refused In caucus to deadlock the
extra session and defeat the election of
Thomas R. Bard for United States Sena
tor. In the late State convention he re
fused to take orders from the bosses and
the command went forth to down him.
The ticket which is regarded as favorable
to Mr. Miller is as follows:
To State Convention — Solomon Cohen, George
R. Fletcher. E. Conolley. Louis Grosn. T. H.
Bradbury, Julius Radston. Daniel A. Ryan. F".
Xobman, Henry Goodman, Joan Henderson.
To Local. Judicial and Legislative Conven
tion—Cbarles L. Field. E. W. TagRard. F. W.
Meyer. L. G. McMuIIen. Harry Spiro, C. C.
Morehouse, C. Lehrke, A. Boyer, T. W. Hub
bard, Byron Digging. Maurice I* Asher, J. Vf.
Wetmore, J. A. Mohr. J. G. Marshall L. L.
Remy. J. H. HutafI, Thomas A. Douglass, j.
H. Richards, W. H. Hazell.
The foregoing ticket Is not commended
DIED.
KF.LLT— In this city. Auirust 22. 19C0, Kar>»
Kelly. ' b«love<l wife of Thomas Kelly. ar»J
mother of Thomas and Cetla Kelly. Mrs. Me-
Gulro and Mrs. W. Langrly, a native of Ire
land, aeed S8 years.
STOCKTON. Aug. 22.— Rus Pace, the
catcher of the Stockton league team.
{umped his contract this afternoon and
eft for Anaconda, Montana, having re
ceived an Increase In salary, a ticket and
advance money. A new receiver will be
signed at once.
jumps His Contract.
¦WASHINGTON. Aug. 22,-Comptroller
Tracewell of the Treasury has rendered a
decision in which he holds that the Ha
waiian Islands, under the act of May 13.
1900. constitute an Integral part of the
United States, and therefore officers of
the navy therein are serving within the
realm or dominion of the United States.
and consequently are not "beyond seas"
within section 13 of the navy personnel
act.
Hawaii a Fart of Union.
MERCED. Aug. 22.— The decapitated re
mains of an unknown man were found
here near the railroad track late last nlgln
by some railroad employes. The unfor
tunate man hr.d arrived in town a few
Cays age and had been drinking qui e
heavily U is supposed In attemptir.i; to
cress tho track he was struck bv the
southbound passenger train. The de
ct-ased had the appearance of a lnV>r?r,
was chort, heavy get. had a reddish nris
t&che and weiphed about 170 pounds. Yes
terday Lo mentioned In a crowd that Ms
name was Ryan.
His Head Cut Off by a Train.
Special Dispatch to The Call
JACKSON, Aug. 22.— At a Democratic
caucus for the primary election next Sat
urday the Hon. A. Camlnettl was. chosen
as delegate-at-large to the San Jose Con
vention, September 6. Dr. Endlcott will
represent this Supervisorial district.
These gentlemen will be elected. Saturday
at the time delegates are chosen for tho
county convention, which will be held in
Sutter Creek, September 22. The county
will have six delegates In the State Con
vention. Jackson taking the delegate-at
large because of the excess In the voting
population. But /or the fact that thero
are rival candidates for Supervisor even
the small caucus of to-night could not
have been held, since the Democrats have
taken no Interest at all thus far in poli
tics. The delegation selected to-night »a
understood to favor M. Newman for Su
pervisor. • .
Camlnettl for Delegate-at-Large.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
JAMES McLACHLAN OF PASADENA, THE REPUBLICAN CANDIDATE
FOR CONGRESS IN THE SIXTH DISTRICT.
To-night the local Republican club held
a mass-meeting at the Opera-house, at
which both McLachlan and Oliver, to
gether with local orators, spoke
The closing scenes of the convention
were beyond description. The delegate?
were frenzied with enthusiasm, which
continually burst forth In cheers.
McLachlan. This wan the signal for a
tremendous roar of applause, lasting for
several minutes. As soon as the applause
stopped Will Knighten of Los Angelc*
took th« stand and In a short speech s.ii.l
that he was sent up to nominate L, G.
Oliver, but said he would withdraw Oli
ver's name and instead second the nom
ination of McLachlan. The delegates went
wild and their enthusiasm knew no
bounds when Mr. Oliver took the stand
and In a glowing speech seconded Me-
Lachlan'a nomination. As Mr. Oliver left
the stand there were cries for McLachlan
and the latter responded with a short ad
dress. On motion the nominations wero
declared closed and the secretary Instruct
ed to cast the vote of- the convention for
McLachlan.
On reassembling the committees read
their hastily prepared , reports and con
siderable time was taken up In speeches.
At 5 o'clock Oscar Lawlor.of Loa Angeles
placed in , nomination the name of^ James
¦ ventlon this afternoon to nom
inate a Republican candidate for Con
gress, and amid the wildest enthusiasm
nominated the Hon. James McLachlan of
Pasadena by acclamation.
The delegates arrived on the noon tram
and were driven straight to Armory Hall,
¦where Chairman Garland called the con
vention to order. W. H. Galbraith of
Santa Cruz was elected temporary chair
man and W. O. Meyse of Santa Monica
was made temporary secretary. After, ap
pointing the committee on credentials and
resolutions a recess waa taken until 3:30
o'clock for luncheon/
y^ ANTA BARBARA, Aug. 22.—
QZ*. Ninety-three Republican dele-
gates, representing the Sixth Con
totoS exessional District, met in con-
Special Dispatch to Tho Call.
field, and that was put forward by Max
Goldberg to assist Eddie Wolf's renomina
tion for the Senate. The programme is so
raw that several of the delegates will npt
stand for It.
THIRTY-NINTH ASSEMBLY DISTRICT.
To State Convention— P. L. Archibald, Dr. F.
M. Hackett. M. Boehm, A. L. Hart Jr.. A. W.
Branch. Dr. Joseph A. Silverman, Louis Bern
stein, T. H. Chandler.
To Local. Judicial and Legislative Conven
tion—George R. Wells. John W. Bourdette, S.
A. White. L. A. Gibbons. E. Nelmier, W. H.
Bodnsh. J. <1. Llebold. Louis Hofmann. E. O.
Knapp. William McKenzle, John A. Magee,
F. D. Macbeth, D. Becker, J. F. Clnte, Samuel
Barman. J. L. Hannah. Dr. R. F. Kane.
FORTIETH ASSEMBLY DISTRICT.
The contest In the Fortieth District pre
sents some peculiar phases. The Repub
lican Central Club of the district has filed
a ticket favorable to the renomination of
Assemblyman Miller. Moses Gunst,
Jesso Marks and other's are fighting this
F. Taylor, T. W. Dennis, James Barton, Joseph
Tulte, William Wallace, W, C. Johnson, J. L.
Xagle, F. Severance. Joseph Nyland, Charles
Besthorn. A. B. Mahoney, B. J. Noble, H. E.
Holmes.
But one ticket, mixed and doubtful in
character.
THIRTY-SEVENTH ASSEMBLY DISTRICT.
To State Convention — John S. Lawson,
Charles T. Schuppert. J. C. Owens, John HIk
glns, N. Schlesslnger, James H. Humphries,
Irving B. Cook. George W. Fuller, William N.
Ibers. M. Werthelmer.
To Local, Judicial and Legislative Conven
tion—H. P. Umbsen/ Edgar Brlggs, M. M.
Stem. E. L. Cook, John Tuttle. John C. Cul
len. George D. Clark. D. C. B. McCarthy, John
J. Castlen, Ed L, Christtn, Charles Alpers, Wil
liam Clark. William J. Jones, W. H. Bar
rows. T. L. Henderson, Carl L. Koster, Dr. J.
\V. Hamilton, W. J. Ramsay, Phillip Rogers.
Affairs are muddled in the Thirty-eighth
District. There is only one ticket in tho
THIRTY-EIGHTH ASSEMBLY DISTRICT.
Truman, C J. Peterson, W. "W. Chase, Adam
Heck, J. H. Cox, F. W. Burnett, J. O. Leven
saler, H. O. Krasky.
To Ivica!. Judicial and Legislative Conven
tion— aeorge Ij. Center. John Tonntnirsen, W.
A. Mertfs. Ralph L. Hathorn. J. C. Tittle. J.
O'Koefp, A. Rcpert, F. S. Gunn, Archibald
Reid. F. J. Hurst. H. N. Beatty. J. E. ElklnK
ton, George W. Elder, A. F. Adams. VF. F.
Fester. O. I. Ra>xhester, E. D. Knight.
THIRTY-FIFTH ASSEMBLY DISTRICT.
The Thirty-fifth Is another district pre
senting 1 two tickets. The recognized anti
boss members of the county committee are
not able to designate either one as a
straight-out anti-boss ticket,
THIRTY-SIXTH ASSEMBLY DISTRICT.
To State Convention — E. 1). Berrl, H. Bur
felnd, A. Davidson, J. B. Barber, Joseph
Scherrer. P. J. Gray, A. H. Merrill, William
McDevltt. H. J. Riirgins.
To I^ocal, Judicial and Legislative Conven
tion—Frank French. C. II. Duveneck. J. A.
i Wilson. W. J. Guilfoyle. C. E. Benedict, M.
' tickets in the Thirty-first District. There
j i.-s a boss Fjirinkling' on each ticket.
thirty-seCoxd assembly district.
! To Ftate Convention— I>r. T. B. de AVltt. D.
; r>. Balllvan. C. B. Kode, C. W". Kaplan, Thomas
Xe.ison.
Tu Local, JuiJicial an^l Lfplflatlve Conven
tion—J. F. Abeam Thomas C. Duff. J. Lueey
I£. Wilsnn. J. Hoey. E, Tepper, J. Honlon, j.
1J. Ltwls Jr., E. Lyons.
But one ticket in tho field and It of
doubtful character.
THIRTY-THIRD ASSEMBLY DISTRICT.
To Stat«» Convention — John Rider. Ed Turner,
n. Ila.'-Jir.usj*>n, H. I>efTmann, \V. Watson, J.
Sparrow, J. C. Ohlandt.
To Ijocal. JudiciaJ and L^^lflativc Conven
tion—("harles l^row-n. E. E. Raymond. F. Me-
Knhill. O. V.'. Pennlnpton. Frank Mitchpll,
Frank PenderpaFt, Louis Hnlden, W; T. H!e
vers. B. Larrav. L. Xoneznann, L. Scharetp,
C. Ratto. K. J. Wflch.
TlilP.TY-FOURTlI ASSEMBLY DISTRICT.
To State Convention— J. K. C. Hobbs, L J.
by Alfred Bouvier, chairman of the Coun«
ty Committee, and John F. McGlynn.
commit teeman at large. They give their
commendation to the following: ticket:
To Bute Convention— D. L. Fltxyrald. A.
L. Weil, E. A. Selfrldg-ft Jr., Mark Wolfsohn.
J. if. Wllklna D. M. Fletcher. I. J. Aschelm.
Oeorse R. Fletcher. Edward Kelly. W. M.
Kltnger.
To Local, Judicial and Legislative Conven
tion—Edmund TauMky, Ulysses S. Slmond*.
Charle* L. Field. Volney W. Wlnchell. J. H.
Richards, Carlton W. Greene. William Wilkin
son. Emile Bauer. I. L. Blum. Felix H. Merx
bach, A. C. Ralofson. 8. D. Davis. E. A.
Bullls, Lucius L. Solomons. E. W. Tasrsard.
Geotg* Magroonls, Henry Scheper, Thomas P.
Woodward. Sol J. Levy.
Th« ticket Indorsed by Bouvier, Me-
Glynn and Marks Is favorable to the nom
ination for the Assembly of Hamilton
Bauer, son of Emile Bauer.
FORTY-FIRST ASSEMBLY DISTRICT.
To State Convention— J. a Campbell. C. A.
Surtletr, A. O. Twrne, J. C. Currier, F. A.
Denicke. A. D. Cutler, C. A. Murdock. R. R.
BUelow. L Graham. S. C. Irving'.
To Local. Judicial and Legislative Conven
tion—H. O. Beatty, R. W. Campbell, A, M.
Ros«nbaura, S. Forbes, E. B. Cutter. B. Pal
mar, W. H. Hammer, C. B. Porter Jr., J. W.
Relnfeld L F, Kydd. A. R. Herman. F. T.
Finch, ft. O. Schroeder. E. C. Lands*. O. C.
Pratt. II. R. Hoppa. R. E. Campbell. F. C.
Selfrldff».
FORTY-SECOND ASSEMBLY DISTRICT.
To Stats Convention— Horace Wilson, E. D.
Sawyer, F. P. Kelly, J. Green. R. H. Morrow,
C. T. Deane, B. Flnneli, J. O. Spauldlngr.
To Local, Judicial and L#&lslattve Conven
tion—E. Bartsch. R. VandrrcnoW. O. M. Harsh,
I. J. Truman Jr.. H. W. Hutton, A. R. Smith,
S> H. Kent. J. D. Brown. P. J. Haskins. J.
II. Bruce. M. Hermann. Q. H. Buckingham,
T. D. RlonJan. E. Rodecker.
FORTT-THIRD ASSEMBLY DISTRICT.
To State Convention— J. W. Carmany, Georse
K. Hilton, John A. Ramon. Frc1 Tobelmann.
M. M. Blum, Antonio Podesta, Joseph Klopen
•tlne.
To Local. Judicial and Legislative Convention
— J. George Boyne. Dawson Mayer, Thomas K.
Kas*. Dr. T. II. Morris, Dr. Franklin Pan
coast. A. Kaskell, E. S. Strauss. 8k II. Bcntt.
I. Elia*. Mel. Vogel, W. C. K Smith, James
D. Hart.
FORTY-FOURTH ASSEMBLY DISTRICT.
To State Convention — W. F. Fitzgerald, E. D.
Feusler, E. Fatrizl. I>. W. Wessenberg, E. C.
Kalbf-n. il. Tonnlswn. N. F?rroglaro.
To Local. Judtctal and Legislative Convention
— L. A. Rea. Charles H. Sommerlad. A. Cam
pana. Alexander Campbell Jr., A. J. Oon^lero.
A. Ruef. J. S. Godeau. P. Kansen, Frank Mo
rtal. Adam Loh, Harry Huff, II. J. Perazzl, &
C. Am«d«t.
FORTY-FIFTH ASSEMBLY DISTRICT.
To State Convention — Colonel J. S. Young.
Joseph King, William Lennox. Joneph Glgleo.
To Local. Judicial and Legislative Convention
— George Kingsbury, Joseph Barbetta, Joseph
Srohn, TV. A. Rlcharrlnon. W. K. Noonan, 11.
H. Graham. James Duffy, Joseph Spiegel.
?
DEMOCRATIC CLUB SPLITS.
Voters of the Thirty-Fifth Resent
Action of Phelan Managers.
Thomas E. Curran, one of Phelan's fol
lowers, and Stephen Byrne, who has the
voters of the district behind him, wish
to go to the State Senate from the Nine
teenth District. At the meeting last night
of the Bryan and Stevenson Club of the
Thirty-fifth Assembly District. Chairman
E. J. Stafford, who favors Curran, de
clined to permit the club to proceed with
the nomination of delegates for the State
convention, on the alleged ground that
William Bell, one of the members, was
not a Democrat. Stafford adjourned the
meeting until to-night, when the names
of Curran's candidates will be announced
from the top window of his residence at
2S22 Mission street.
Immediately after Stafford adjourned
the meeting he skipped out of the hall fol
lowed by his few friends. Cell and his
followers, who represent tho better ele
ment of the Democratic party, then opened
the meeting by placing Captain \V. May
in the chair. They nominated the follow
ing named gentlemen for delegates: Frank
O'Byrne, S. Petterson, Alphonsus Pottet.
James H. Robertson, Joseph Leggett and
Joseph II. Donlan.
Three rousing cheers for the success of
the Democratic ticket, in so far aa Bryan
and Stevenson are concerned, were given
with a wllL Mr. Phelan and his City Hall
following were not included.
Sub-Committee's Report Adopted.
The meeting of the Fourth Congress
ional District committee last night in the
Parrott Building resulted In the adoption,
of the report submitted by the sub-com
mittee appointed at the last meeting. The
sub-committee, composed of P. H. Prend
ergast, A. Barnard, Dr. P. A. Kearny
and A. Ruef, reported that they were
satisfied with the delegates named, anil
that the call for the election In thet
opinion wan satisfactory.
DifiDle s Ruse m
the Forty-first
Assembly Dis
trict—Martin
Kellu's Latest
StroKe.
Besort to New Tactics.
YESTERDAY was a busy day at
the headquarters of the Republi
can County Commltte.> in the
Baldwin annex. The henchmen of
Kelly and Crimmins who caused
purh an uproar at Bhielfl Hall night before
lr.st recognized early yesterday morning
that the anti-bors forces were in posses
sion of the works and could not be dis
lodged. The kickers, after advising with
their leaders, decided to file their tickets
and comply with the provisions of the call
for the primary election, as officially pub
lished In this Journal.
Several of the dissatisfied aired their
FTievanees at the State Central Commit
tee headquarters in the Palace Hotel, but
they received slight encouragement In that
*iuarter. Ab all the facts come to lipht it
transpires that the bosses were outgen
eraled as well as outnumbered. The pro
vision relating to a returning board is
contained In the original draft of the pri
mary plan, which Max Goldberg present
ed and which was drawn by Kelly and
J'rcndergast. The provision was not dis
turbed when the pten was amended by
rtriking out the "fifty-four" clause. The
clause did not appear, however, in a
pynopsis of the adopted plan as published
in one of the city papers. Hence the Kel
ly lobsters at the meeting Tuesday night
proceeded on the supposition that the re
turning board was an addition to the pian.
They never thought of amending the plan
before its ofikial publication. While they
were wrangling Ruet' had the point In re
serve to rinish the kickers if. they did not
linisn themselves.
K*»llv and Crimmins have now resorted
to other tactic- to disrupt the Republican
party. Last nigbt they put through the
plan* to nominate candidates for the
legislature by the Fourth Congressional
District Convention. They will have an
r.ld style Kelly and Crimmins primary
r^xt Saturday. Then the bosses can
Ftuff the ballot boxes at their pleasure,
as they will have all the eU-ction officers
Infide and no opposition outside. There is
no candidate in the .Republican
party opposing the nomination of
Julius Kahn for Congress. The
separate convention axid separate pri
maries were culled to prepetuate Kelly
and Crimmins' control of the Congres
sional Committee.
The Republicans of the Forty-third As-
Fembly District, who will vote at the poll
ing place, 302 Masnn street, to-morrow,
should be on thr-ir guard apainst the per
petration of fraud. The polling place for
nine of the precincts has been established
in that Quarter of the district ami the
bosses are already preparing for fraudu
lent work.
Republicans of the Forty-flm Assembly
District who despise bossism and have no
use for the creatures of a boss should not
make the mistake of supposing that they j
have an ra?y walk-ovrr in the riph'. i
against Dibble, lie is a tricky and cun- '
r.ing politician, full of expedients and de- '
vices to deceive unwary voters. In order
to catch a few votes he would not hesitate
to place the sign anti-bops and anti-Dib
ble at the head <-,f his own ticket. lie has J
already resorted to the trick of placing ;
the names of well-known Republican citi- ¦
zen? on the State dekcrate ticket. Among |
the names so enrolled is that of Judfje Van
Fleet, member of the Republican National !
Committee. The name of George Stone, i
chairman of the Republican State Com- !
mittro. Is also on the Dibble ticket fcr j
delegate to the Santa Cruz convention. I
An unwary citizen, hastily scanning th.> !
names, might faaev that the ticket reprc- j
pented the Republican organization. Fur- !
ther 5crutiny. however, will discing tho !
fact that Dibble delegate! to the local con- '
vention follow. Dibble's purpose i ? to uf°
the namf? of Van Fleet and other wr \\'
known citizens on the S'ate list to pull
through his own crowd for the Legisla
tive and judiciaJ convention.
Not Important.
The election of delegates to the Santa
Cruz convention Is not of vital Impor
tance. There is nothing for the conven
tion to do but to place in the field nine
Presidential electors, but the bosses are
very anxious indeed to pull through a
local delegation that will renominate Dib
ble for the Assembly.
It is hardly reop^sarv to remfrid the
residents of the Forty-first. District that
they were never represented in th» Legis
lature when Dibble w«h thr-ro. He was
the agent of boodle. He did not consult
the people of the district. He wr-nt to
Herrin for orders. He was the bell
•weather of the corrupt band, and all the
boodJers followed his lead. Representa
tives from the interior wondered how it
happened that the Forty-first District
elected Dibble to the Legislature. It hap
pened because the prosperous and easy
going Republicans of the district paid no
attention to the primaries, but nn the con
trary, stayed nt homo while Lanlgan.
Rainey, Kelly and Crimmins drummed up
the puph to elect drlegates. Tt will hap
pen again if the cU-an and decent Repub
licans are not on the nlert. Th" bnpsps are
already planning for work in that
district at the primary election to-mor
row.
Stenp should be taken to place a genuine
anti-Dibble anti-boss and anti-waste
basket ticket in the hand? of every voter
rf the district. The tlckpts should b* so
placed to-day or to-night in order to elude
devices and tricks to-morrow.
Tickets Are Filed.
Tickets selected in the various Assem
bly districts to be voted i:nin at the pri
mary to-morrow were fileii with the
County Central Committee yesterday. Bo
far as can be ascertained those printed
below are the trustworthy, anti-boss
Hrkets:
TWEXTT-TZjr.TXTTI ASPEMRLT mSTTUCT.
In the Twenty-eighth Assembly District
then is no opposition to the Kelly-Crim
mir.s ticket.
TTVKXTT-KTXTH AFKEMTIT,T DISTRICT.
To Ptate Convention — D. MnoPnnald, Thonjas
Norton. ¦William Tonge, James O'Urlcn, J. T.
Klncston.
To I»oal. Judicial and LoirfjUtlve Conven
tion— J J. Paushney, John At wood. J. Najrel
rr.ak^r, P. Solomon. J. B. McSctiara, J. Pany.
B. C Van Iniyn. Tl. Oary. Thomas Fitzpat
rlrk. T. Fhwhan. Edward Havens.
TJmvrirrrii ARsrainLT district.
*jv> Ftate <">nv»ntion— W. J. Romers, Fred
erick F pa! ling. W. D. Brown, Wlliara Schroe
f.ir. John It****. ' «¦ '
To Jy»~al. Judi'-I.il and Lejr'Flattve Conven
tion — Henry P. P.uf. I>ru!s F*reltsch. N. B.
Knirle, Paul nylck. J. J. Mor"hou»e, Alvln N.
M .rjran, Charle* Mason. W. If. Harrey, It. S.
narclay, R G. Semen, E. C. Sterling.
THTRTT-l^IP.PT ASSEMBLY DISTItlCT.
Anti-boss members of the county com
mittee find it difficult to classify the two
Former Kickers
Recognize the
Authority of
the Regular
Party Organi
zation,
Dissenters in the County Central Committee Fast Dropping Away From the Standard
of the flint Saloon Crooked Bosses.
TICKETS PUT FORTH BY THE REGULAR REPUBLICAN CLUBS
TO CONFOUND KELLY AND CRIMMINS AT THE PRIMARY
THE SAN FBAXCISCO CALL, THUBSDAY, AUGUST 23, 19OO.
9
GRAPE-NUTS.
I No tired I
I Brains < I
?!; when «
Q fo~d is used ft
| FACT!!!
}!; Sold by all grocers >zTHE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, AUGUST 23, 1900.
10
PAJT FRAACISCO CALL,.
CL'FINESS OFFICE cf The Pan Francisco
Call, corner cf Market and Third streets, open
until -J2 o'clock every nlgrht In the yenr.
URAXCTI OFFICES— C27 Montgomery street,
corr.er Osy; cpen until S:20 p. m.
SW Hayes etreet: cpen until S:SO p. m.
CT» McAllister street; open until »:S0 p. m.
<".' Larkln street; open uctll 9:30 p. in.
ir-41 Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
*y\ Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
ortll S d. m. -,
I* nieventh street; cpen until S r. ~.
li!>6 Velencla street; open until t p. m.
Ncrthweet corner Twenty-second and Ken-
turky Ftreets: cpen until 9 p. m.
MEETING NOTICES.
CA_:FORNIA~Ix><:re No. L F. and A. *
M.. will meet THIS (THURSDAY) JV
EVENING. Aug. 23. at 7:SD o'clock. T_>?
Third decree, liy order of the Master. r^jTA ;
FRANKLIN H. DAY. Secretary.
FIDELITY Lodge" No. JJO. F. and A. ~m~
M.-6pec!sl meeting THIS fTHURS- _fV.
PAY) EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. First Ji2f ,
decree. Majors cordially Invited. By'™ v
order of the \V. M.
FREDERICK BARRY. Secretary.
THE S. F. Se-ui'h Tfcistfe Club _ «_r >,
meets Till? iTHI'HSDAY) EVE>T- tj\, C*CQ
INO. Fraternity Hall. K OTaxrell "_O_S^
n., at S o'clock. Amendment to oon- t^7»
Ftltution will be acted on. Smoker follows.
JOHN ROSS. Royal Chief.
GEORGE TT. PATERSON. Recorder. !
TO «!1 plasterers— Having affiliated with the !
Plasterers' International Association, Golden j
Gate Lodge No. C6 will open Its charter for
10 days ct regular Initiation fee. All are in- '
vtted to Jc!n. R. IX>WXING, Pres.
A. FAIsK. Secretary. '
STOCKHOLDERS' MEETIXG-Pursuant to |
reto'.ution of the board of directors, a meet- '
Icff of the stockholders nt the Slme Company
»r:!l be held at the principal place of business
of s&id cojtipsr:}-, vir. : rooms S6-S7 of the Sth
floor M'.'.ls builUing, San Francisco. Cal, on
WEDNESDAY, the 31st day of October, l?00,
at l:S0 o'clock p. m. The object of the meet-
ing i« to diminish the capital dock to $2500.
er IT 1 -., cent? ppr share, and to transact »uch j
other fc>uflne£K r.s may come before the meet- 1
lr.r. ALBERT C. AIKEN, President. I
l^ateS August ti. 1900.
fTOTKHOLDERS' meeting— The * California
r>rydark Cnr.pany. — Xotlcw Is hereby given !
that a meeting of the stockholders of the The
Ca'.I'cmfa Prydeck Company will be held at
the office ct said company. No. 302 California |
f-rreet. San Francisco. 'California, on THURS-
DAY, Auciist 30. ISfiO. at the hour of 11 o'clock
a. m. of that day. for the purpose of deter-
mining \rb<ther said corporation ehall be dis-
solved, and of voting upon a proposition to
flls-solve the corporation, and for the trans-
action of ruch other business as may come
before the meeting. By order of the baard of
directors. W. F. RUSSELL.
r^.-f-iary The California Drydock Company.
THE annual meeting of the stockholders of the j
Pacific- Undertakers nrlll be held at Xo. 777
Mleslcn Ft.. Pan Francisco. Cal.. THURS-
DAY. A'jpust 3. DM. at 8 o'clock p. m.. for
the election of dlrectorm for the ensuing term
•nil also to consider an amendment to the j
ly-la»e reducing the number of directors I
frcm S to 7. sr.l the transaction of euch oth?r I
h-jfir.ess es may come before the meeting. I
Transfer bc<:ks Will close Monday. August i
ffC, 1SO0. nt < o'clock p. m. liy order of th« J
board of directors.
M. C. GORHAM. Secretary.
AGEXTS WANTED.
tir.00 CAN be made curing campalfi-n season i
ecll'.r.fc our carr.i'a!cn ties; greatest sellers j
tier istri-JucrJ; territory polng; write Irr.me- i
diateiy; full line white and fancy rubber col- |
lutr; enckse rtarrp. Dept. C. M. & M. Mfg. |
Co.. Si'rir.rfleld. Mas*.
AGENTS wanted everywhere; salary or com-
iv.lw'r.n: "History. Principles and Policies of
the HejMbticnn Party," by Naval Secretary |
Ix>np. THE JIAZEN CO.. New York.
AGI—CT8 — Po rr.u want something more profit-
able, better and f-asier to «ell than books? j
Ad-Ires? F. PERSON, room 412, Parivtt bldg. j
AGENTS of ability and experience In life lnsur- '
ar.ee. rail at room 101, 9S7 Msrket, cor. Sixth.
WE handle ne-wc-'t nove'ties for agents. PA-
¦ TVI<- AOKNTP' PUPPLY CO.. 3«C1 18th St. j
ASTKOLOGV.
MME. HICKT5Y. astmlegist : get your horoscope
*-!?h full explanatirri of your future. EOc; card j
Tf3<Y:rtt; and ra'miFtry. Be. 1523 Mission it.
ATTORXEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private:
no fee without success: collections. G. W. I
HOWE, atty at law, £50 Market, cor. Stockton. I
_DVXC_ free; R. W. KINO, i-27 Market et.. r.
CtT; all cases and collections: money loaned. I
FREE advice; divorce laws, damages, estates,
collections. J. A. Mitchell, ZH Montgomery.
AI'VICE free; no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON, ?27 Market eV, opp. Mason.
L P. CLARK. Emma Fnreckels blflg., 927 Mar- j
ket Et. ; consultation free; no fees in advance.
CfSTER. HERMAN J., attorney, 927 Market I
?t.. r. "55: open eve.. 7-9; consultation free.
BATH CACIXETS.
BOE1NPON $5. 4-pane! folding; door opens; firm I
an-1 safe. W. S. BROWN, gen, agt.. 42« EKIs.
HCSIX—SS CII—VCES.
A,— -t*M; CORNER grocery and bar. with 4 llv- j
leg rooms; rent, tl?; 03 Sanchez St.; owner
c'.ek In bed and must eell at once; a rare
chance. EL G. WILKE, Xhi Kearny Bt.
A— T3"0; STATION E_T, notions, cigar store, in
short, a general bazaar, with living rooms; |
luw rent: must be eoid in 3 days; look at the |
et'-ck fcnd m<Jte offer. Call R. O. WILKE. j
2«'i Kearny st.
A— tlOOO: BAKERY. 2 blocks nouth of Market
et.; place eftsb. years; doing a good business; 1
ell etore trade: rent MS; 1H to 2 barrels per I
day. Particulars R. Ci. WILKE. 26V» Kearny. 1
A-fcwO; CORNER saloon in wholesale district;
ef tab. many years and doing a good business;
rrst $5(i ; a first-class proposition. Call R. G.
WILKK, 2CS Kearny st.
A— AGENT wanted for manufacturing busl-
r«Fs; capital needed about $1000; no opposi-
tion on this co_"t; about 40 per cent profit;
manufacturer from Oregon here now to grlv*
contracts for £ years. Call 11. G. WILKE. I
26V* Kearny et. ]
A— i" r -: CANDY «tore and ice cream parlor in
Oakland: beautifully furnished and a No. 1
by Kl health to "retire. See R. G. WILKE.
2G4 Kearr.y st.
A— $s«i; COKNFR grocery and bar; one block
south of Market and Jifth et«. ; rent J4j;»a
good corner; all cash trade, xuoetly in bar.
Cail R. G. WILKE. 2€^j Kearny st.
A— X'lO; SALOON, with pool table; close to
Call bids;.: rent t<J,; a splendid location and
pood paying business. Call It. O. WILKf.
iX\x Kearny Ft.
A-*:"0; RESTAURANT and chophouse on wa-
ter front; rent $U; bargain. K. G. WILKE.
8Ht K«>arny et.
A— *120»— OLD-ESTAB. restaurant; close to
Chronicle building; average receipts about
JCC per day; rent $73; a splendid oiler; owner
n-iU aliow 5 days* trial. Call R. Q. WILKE.
2£'.i Konrny *t.
$300— WOOD and coal yard, near Market; owner
there 25 years. LESS, 17 Fourth st.
H20O— CORNER saloon, near Market; sickness I
cause of •elline. M. LESS. 17 Fourth St. ;
1X0— RESTAURANT; centrally located; doing
good business. M. LESS. 17 Fourth st.
$250— BRANCH bakery and delicacy store; llv-
lng- rooms. M. LESS. 17 F*ourth «t.
tMO-GOOD home bakery and lodging house of !
17 room*; housekeeping: full; flne location; or i
sell separately. LANE & CO., 865 Market. ;
EXCELLENT opportunity to buy a bona fide I
business In the heart of city; old-established
«_d lai— e profits; book* open for inspection;
«»»ner retiring; bargain. Lane & Co.. fc65 Mkt. |
WANTED — r-oroer grocery and bar between
Third aTid 6!xth eta., not further than Folsom.
_*^i Sixth St.
JCEWLT furnished, S rooms; permanent room- i
err; rent reasonable: good reason for selling
Address box l£90. Call offlce. j
FOU BALE — Country ehoe shop. For particu 1 - '
lars n\ : iv 209 Mason ft. '
STATIONERY etore, $700; no agents. Box iesT '
Call office. ' j
J75— GROCERY etore, contents; cheap; rent only i
Including living rooms. 1S16 Howard Ft.
SALOON on 'busy etreet, doing Rood business
Particulars U. S. Brewery. S75 Fulton et. :
NOTION, clear and stationery store; good lo-
cation. Inquire Call branch offlce, 3C0 Hayes.
GOOD rroeery and saloon for Bale; 00 triHers
_ne«>d aoply. Bo* ie?l. Call.
$_££>— COAL and feed y»rd and express busl-
ne?*; 4 horses and S wapons; good building;
living rooms'; low? lease: *rc«llent chance;
good location. 325 Sixteenth st.
DRUG store, all comr-lete for business, for
eale 1 Vtr. B04 Bush st.
$250— FINE corner saloon for eale. 1119 Harri-
son pt., corner L&ngion.
GOOD !Sc restaurant for sale; central location;
no afff-nts. Box lQSO. Call.
WAN'TETJ— To buy stationery stor* for cash.
Bex :C?3. Call.
*159 — BIG restaurant; complete; rent peid; now
c'.oswL Call 120 Battery St.. 3 to 6.
VALUABLE money-making Invention; % share
t:000. Room f.t. Wlndaor Hotel. Market st.
XSOO— GOOD paying meat market In the Mission;
rEtablished I yean: must be aold at once.
Box __, CalL
BUSINESS CHANCES— CONTINUED.
$500-LADIES' tailoring acd dressmaking busi-
ness; retiring cause of sale. MCLAUGHLIN
& CO.. 777H Market st. '
$150— RESTAURANT; bargain this day. Mc-
LAUGHLIN A CO.. 777% Market st.
$1600— CORNER grocery and bar: bargain; this
day. MCLAUGHLIN & CO.. 777H Market st.
5400— SHOE store; near city; making and re-
pairing. Mclaughlin & co.. i~\\ Market.
) $«.!>— BUTCHER shop; near city: paying busl-
| ness: .-lckness cause of sale. MCLAUGHLIN
j & CO.. 777H Market st.
I $1100— TRIAL given; saloon near Market St.;
I bargain; going East cause of eale. Me*
LAUGHLIN _ CO.. 777*6 Market at.
WANTED
Tn-o to three thousand dollars to Invest tn the
manufacturing and sale«of three of the very
best money-making devices in the United
Etatea: a fortune to the ng&t party of either
eex; none but principals need answer; thor-
ough investigation solicited. Address box 1633,
Call office.
CORNER grocery and bar for sale: location
one of the best In the city; banjaln: estab-
lished 15 years; rent cheap. For particulars
call at room 437. fourth floor. Parrott build-
ing, San Francisco.
TO rent— For coal yard, milk depot, eto.; flne
location; place Is entirely covered: contains t
vtalls: rent only $15: water free. Inquiro WM.
HENDRICKSON & CO.. 614 Call building.
SALOON and cafe, centrally located; great op-
portunity for live man; must be seen to be
j appreciated. Address box 19S1, Call offlce.
> FOR sale— Restaurant. 1C24 Hyde St.. across
I frum carhouse; very cheap.
1 COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
I W. CASWELL & CO.. 412 Sacramento st.
OYSTER and chop house for sale cheap on ac-
j count of sickness. Inquire at 6 Eighth 8t.
: CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
! received at Call branch offlce. 2200 Fillmore et_
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1066 Va-
lencia st.
LODGI.XG-IIOrSES FOR SALE.
houses-fromTto~250 rooms! ~
Prices from $150 to $10,000.
8 rooms: only $165
¦ 11 rooms; in payments 560
'< 21 rooms; on Eddy Et 660
1 60 rooms; new; clears $400 3000
I 26 rooms: fine corner: clears $200 1700
80-room house; clears $300 1700
16 rooms: flne corner: clears $100 1000
' 22 rooms: on Post st. ; half payments.... 650
40- room house on Powell st 2500
10 rooms; new; elegant furniture 650
S-room flat; downtown 400
DECKER. 10C0 Market St.; phone Mint 796.
LIST YOUR HOUSES WITH ME. I HAVE
BUYERS WAITING WITH CASH. DECK-
ER. 1020 Market st. _______
j ~ MARION GRIFFIN,
1 719 Market St.. room 1. Tel. Black 1S03.
I I have a long list. Following are samples:
I 34 rooms; modem, first class: sunny corner;
i mortgagee forces Fale this week: H of coet.
: 10 rooms; ifa cash; transient: central $450
I 46 rooms: table board; rent $75; paying 2S00
I 14 rooms; corner; rent $60; a mint 750
I 21 ror>m«i; A No. I bon ton; corner 1400
' IS rooms; must sell; transient; make offer..
I C3 rooms; flne: clean: 4 blocks N. of Market 3400
16 room's; new fur.; full; low rent; sunny..
24 rooms and offices; flne business 2750
23 rooms; rent HI; sunny; snap 650
A^KREDO _ DUTTON $6 GEARY 8T.
TEL. BLACK 5012.
16 rooms; flne; full house $750
4 rooms; rent $10 230
j KREDO & DUTTON.
A — $"0C0: bay-window corner: north of Market;
63 rooms. KREDO _ DUTTON.
A — »6 rooms; south of Market; new $2500
15 rooms; pays well 900
10 rooms; Geary st 750
KREDO & DUTTON.
i A— $1^00: hotel; 25 rooms: modern and elegant:
I clears $200 per month: strictly flrst-cla*s.
KREDO & DUTTON.
A— 22-ROOM rooming-house; central $1000
11-room house: $300 down, balance easy.. 500
20-rocm house; first-claps 1050
30-room house; all newly furnished 3100
11-room nous?. $475. 6-room flat 313
FISHER & CO.. 1032 Market st.
HOUSES from 10 to ISO rooms: good locations;
honept value, perfect title guaranteed to buy-
ers; money loaned; to buy or sell your lodslng
house or furniture and secure satisfaction
write or call SCHWEINHARD & CO.. 917
Market St.. above Fifth; teL Mint 1911.
GOOD-PAYING restaurant: north of Market;
will exchange for lots or lodging-house; will
pay cash difference
6-room furnished flat: exchange for larger
house. EMERY & SMITH, 8 Eddy st.
$800—17 ROOMP: rent $30j $200 down, balance In-
stallments. 28H Cay st.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada on» year for $1.
CARRIAGES AXD WAGONS.
ALL kinds of wagons, burgle*, carts, harness,
etc., cheap. EGAN - SON. 2117 Mlssion^st.
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single, also light
camplns wagon, for sale cheap. 532 Mission.
NEW & 2d-hand wagons, buggies, carts & har-
ness, work & driving horses, loth & Valencia.
CAMPAIGN" PHOTO BUTTONS.
MF'Y of all kinds of photo buttons and Jewelry;
wholesale and retail; send for catalogue.
Miniature Portrait Co.. 933 Market Bt.. S. F.
CARPET DGATI.\G AXD CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-Beat-
Ing Works. S53-357 Tehama st.; tel. South 40.
J. McQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co..
45S Etevenron St.; tel. South 22S; lowest rates.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-Beating and Reno-
; vatlng Co.. 240 Fourteenth St.; tel. Mission 74.
CITY Steam Carpet-Beating Works. G. H.
STEVENS, mgr.. ZS-40 Sth St.; tel. South 250.
CARPETS cleaned at Sc per yard, laid at 4c
STRATTON'S, 3 Eighth St.; tel. Jessie 944.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter et.:
tel. Main 294. GEO. WALCOM. proprietor.
I CONKLIN'S Carpet-Beating Works, 333 Golden
Gat<» ave.; telephone East 126.
COTTAGES TO LET.
SUNNY cottage, 212% Perry st. ; rent reason-
able. Apply G. H. UMBSEN _ CO., 14 Mont-
gomery et.
? S17NNY room* and yard. $10. t Rlncon axe.,
key £23 Second st.
________
ARRIVED — Mrs. Dr. Farnham. world-renowned
spiritual medium; advice in all affairs of life;
lawsuits, divorces, deaths; unites the eeparat-
ed: mining a specialty; drs. Sun., Wed., Frl.
eve's: come and be convinced. (Permanently)
BI3 Eddy, bet. Hyde and Larkln; no sign.
SPIRITUAL meeting to-night; convincing test;
S p. m. MR3. MAXWELL. 123S Howard.
Readlr.cs dally.
MrF. STODDARD'3 "circle to-nlcht: all "get
tests; 10c; sittings dally. 271 Ninth st.
GO to WATSON, spiritual medium and palmist;
lucky and true; 25c, 60e. 1581 Market, nr. 12th.
MRS. HOTTER. 34 Sixth St., circle to-day. 2 &
8 p. m.; 10c; sittings dally; G., $1; I*. 50o.
MRS. LESTER, circle this evening, I o'clock;
10c; sittings dally. tOc. 127 Turk st.
FRIENDSHIP Hall, 335 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
' Meyer. «lt. dally; conxinc'g tests to-night 10c.
; MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, clairvoyant, test, business
I roodlum. life reader; sittings $1. 1104 Market.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing, $1 per year.
: CLAIRVOYA.VTS.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil _ second sight,
dlairncses disease with life readings; ladleg^Oc;
E«nts $1; palm. & clalr. sit. $1 50. 126 Turk st.
ISMAR. the Egyptian gypsy clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 1148 Market, opp.
€th: private readings daily 10 a. m. to 6 p. m.
MRS. MELVILLE, well-known clairvoyant and
water reader, moved to 11 6th; German spokn.
MME. MAJORS, gifted spiritual medium and
healer; miefartlon guaranteed. 132 6th. r. 1.
MME. HANSON, palmistry, curd reader; past,
present, future. *5c. 14S Sixth St.. room 14.
MME. ZEREDA, the gypsy, is the great palmist
end rard reader; 15c. 7 Seventh St.; no sign.
A GYPSY, genuine clairvoyant, located 10 days
S42 Mission; ladles. 2ic; Rents, SOc. Frawley.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry; truth or no pay; 25c. 1149 Mission.
MME. SCHAFFER. clairvoyant, card reader;
sittings dally. 212H Sixth at.
MME RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice; names glven;!25c up. 6 Fourth et
MME. SYBILLE— Cradle to grave; future hus-
band's plrture. 25c; ladles. 914 O'Farrell st.
COLLECTION OFFICK8.
GEORGE W.
less successful. Room 310. S27 Market St.
DOG HOSPITALS.
DR. BUZARD'S Dog HospitaT^ost, Fnimore—
Advice and medicine, 75c; city visits, $1 60; all
animals treated; dogs boarded. Tel -West 636.
DR.CREELY'SC.P.mange cure and worm pills
by druggists or at hospital. 510 Golden Gate av.
DENTISTS. ¦
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC, 809 Mar-
ket st., cor. 4th, rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
$3 50 up; plates, extractions free, $4 60 up: of-
flce hours, 9 a. m. to 10 p. m.: Sundays, 9 to 2
p. m. Q. W. WILLIAMSON. M. P., Manager.
A— DR. v] CAVALSKY has returned from
the Paris Exposition with some of the finest
patents for painless dentistry, plates, teeth
without a plate, crown and bridge work; all
wcrk warranted; plates, full set, $5; fillings,
SOc: crown. $3 50. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 6th-
EIGHT priies for best crowns; plates, bridges
and fillings; extractions or fillings by my won-
derful Becret, painless method; 20 years' ex-
perience; no students: advice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants.
PR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 80 O'Farrell St.
CROWN and bridge work experts; our work is
unexcelled and our prices are the lowest; call
and see our samples and get our prices before
going elsewhere; best of references: examina-
tion free. DRS. PERKINS — DOVAY. 1019
Market St., bet. SLxth and Seventh; elevator.
TEETH extracted free; plates. $5; crowns, $3 60;
bridgework, $5; all the latest methods for
painless dentistry: hours. 9 a. m. to 9 p. m.
Modern Dental Parlors, 1206 Market, oor. G. G.
DR. LUDLTJM HILL, 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
—No. charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
frcm $3 per set; extracting. 6O0; gaa given.
DR. ALBERT HILL. 850 Market, cor. Stockton,
for a perfect set of teeth and teeth without
plates; lowest prices for beet work.
PARIS Dental Parlor. 235 Kearny, cor. Bush—
Full set of-teeth. $4; crowns, $3; fllllnss, 25o.
VAN VROOM— "Painless"; evenings and Bun-
flays. 1001 Market st.. corner Sixth.
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG, 1S41 Polk St.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
DR.ESSMAKBRS AND SEAMSTHESSBS
McDOWELL Dressmaking and Millinery
School; patterns cut to order. 1019 Market st.
S. F. Dressmaking-. Ladles' Tailoring and Mil-
linery School; French system. 411 Van Ness.
ACCORDION pleating factory; all kinds pleat-
Ing, pinking. 121 Post, over O'Connor&MofTatt.
PARISIAN dressmaking, SS7 Geary St.: dresses
made, $5 up; dresses made over: perfect fit.
EDUCATIONAL.
AYREST B^lliMff^oTle^e7^7^~Sarket st. ; life
scholarship, $50; includes shorthand, typing,
bookkeeping, telegraphy; day and evening;
Just added, new business practice offices and
20 new typewriters; catalogue free.
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and medical
colleges; references. President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
FRENCH readings and dramatic art — Private
and classes taught by MISS BLANCH BOU-
VIERE. Lyceum Theater School of Acting,
810-312 O'Farrell St.
BOOKKEEPING or shorthand ; if you want to
learn In a limited time take private lessons
from an experienced teacher. M. w. COR-
NELL, room 63. Thurlow block, 126 Kearny.
BOOKKEEPING, free trial; private lessons ; 8
moe. In college not equal to 8 wks.' with me;
$25. TARR, expert accnt., 429 Parrott bldg.
ENGINEERING, civil, elec, mining,, mech. sur-
vey, assay, cyanide, arch. ; day, eve. ; est. 1S64.
VAN DER NAILLEN SCHOOL, 933 Market.
ALL students but two taking full course this
y?ar irot positions. SAN FRANCISCO BUSI-
NESS COLLEGE. 1236 Market st.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 Post St.,
S. F. ; founded 1863; SO-page catalogue free.
CALIFORNIA Business College, 305 Larkin—
All branches; thorough; positions secured.
PIANO and German; pupil of Conservatory in
Lelr>slc: lessons 75c. 320 Golden Gate ave.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc., day or eve.; $5 mo. 1021 Mission, nr. 6th.
LE JEUNE Art and Craft School; modeling,
designing, carving, all branches. 424 Pine at.
EMPLOTMEXT OFFICES.
A-^JAPANESE and Chinese employment con-
tractor; eetab. over 10 years; all kinds help.
4:1 Post eL, near Powell: telephone Bush 135.
UNION Japanese-Chinese rap. offlce— Best help
furn.: domestlo serv. 417 Powell: tel. Bush 376.
ORPHEUM Employment Offlce— Japaneee, Chi-
nese help. 426 Powell, nr.Suttsr; tel. Black 6072.
JAPANESE and Chinese Employment Offlce:
best help turn.; teL John 2121. 80CH Stockton.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Offlce —
Best help. 4im O'Farrell st. ; tel. East 4?6.
EMPLOi'MEXT WASTED FEMALE.
FIRST-CLASS German cook desires situation:
> best of reference; city or country. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
GERMAN woman wants a place in lunch
house, restaurant or boarding house as wait-
ress or assist In kitchen, from 10 to 3. Please
call or address 264 First, nr. Folsom, upstairs.
FIRST-CLASS German cook and helper want
filaces together In hotel, restaurant or board-
ng-houpe; best references. 242 Natoma St.,
basement.
YOUNG Danish girl wants a place to take care
of a two or three-year-old child; Is a good
eewer; wages $10; no postals. 1872 Eighth st..
West Oakland.
RESPECTABLE lady of middle age, good cook,
kind to children, wishes position as house-
, keeper; city or country. Call 68-76 Ellis «t.,
room 89, 1 to 4.
FIRST-CLASS German cook, also understands
American cooking, wishes situation In private
family; city or country. 1022 Larkin st.
YOUNG lady with a child wishes situation as
housekeeper; city or country. Address 1C45
Market st.
RELIABLE woman, competent cook, wishes
general housework: $20. Telephone between
10 and 1, Larkln 892.
RESPECTABLE girl wishes housework in nice
family; wages $25. Call 15 Laskle et, oft
Mission, between Eighth and Ninth.
WOMAN wishes housework where she can take
daughter of 15 years to help; city or country.
Box 1CS3, Call offlce. ,
COMPETENT woman wishes situation to do
general housework in private family: is a
good cook: wages reasonable. 830 Geary st.
WANTED— Work by day; housecleaning or
laundry; $1 10 par day. M. J.. 2,023 Mission st.
FASHIONABLE dressmaker goes out by the
day. Address 1111 Sutter St., room 39.
BY young lady, position aa companion to
elderly lady; good mender, writer, reader,
etc. ; best of references from former em-
ployers. Box 1942. Call offlce.
DRESSMAKER, one who understands both
tailor and fancy eults, wants a few engage-
ments by the day. 929 Pine st.
YOUNG girl wishes a position to do general
housework. Address 4530 Seventeenth «t.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms; 25c to $1 CO right; $150 to $C
week: convenient and respectable; free bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Cnll branch offlce. 2200 Fillmore st.
EMPLOYMENT WASTED MALE.
YOUNG couple desire situations in hotel or
boarding house; wife as waitress and hus-
band aa cook. Address box 1685. Call.
SAW flier and general machine hand on wood-
working machinery; band sawyer, planer and
circular sawyer. Address box 16S2, Call.
STEADY young man wants position as black-
smith' s. helper; considerable experience In re-
pairing machinery and wagons; no shoeing-
state wages. Box 18SS. Call offlce.
MIDDLE-AGED man, handy with horses and
tools; wants light work; no milking; good
home the object. H. W., 410 Sixth st.
SITUATION as bedmaker. day or nlyht clerk.
In good roomlng-houae. Box 1667. Call offlce.
STEADY, reliable young man, understands the
care of horses, desires a position as coachman
or gardener: city or country; references. C.
R. C. box 4611. Call offlce.
A— GERMAN man wishes a position as clerk
In grocery store and bar-room or aa Janitor
and porter; good references. Box 1670. Call.
GOOD middle-aged hotel waiter deslrea steady
position. Address H. KIEHL, 134 Fourth St..
New Gclden Gate Hotel,
BUTCHER-A man of good steady habits
wishes a situation In city or country: best of
reference given. Box 1677, Call offlce.
LUM GONO, Chines flrst-class cook, wants
position In boarding-house. Address 744
Wcshington st.
BOY. 16 years old, wishes position in a drutr-
store; Hve/s with his parents. Apply 1»2*
Stelner gt.. cor. Eddy.
NIGHT watchman with best references would
like a position. Address C. HARTMANN, 127
Turk st.
WANTED— Charge of poultry plant; any ar-
rancementw. Address box 1661. CaU offlce.
EXPERT OPTICIANS. i
EYES examined free; spectacles . properly ad-
Juytcd. N. Mwnagxe. oculist optician. S10 Mkt.
FIJfAXCIA-. .
IF you have stocks or bonds of any kind for
sale, call or address PACIFIC COAST UN-
DERWRITING CO.. 604 Parrott building.
FLATS TO LET.
A— 10 TO 30 days free; flats and houses.
1694 Page; F., 4 r....$20 1990 Ellis; F., 8 r....$18
132SB Hayes; F.. 6 r. 20 68 Tremont av.; c. « r 20
1131 Geary; F.. 7 r... 30 16S0 O. G. av. ; h. 8 r JO
1230 LeaVwr-thj F. 8 r 83 802 McAllister; h. 7 r. 38
Houses wanted. A. M. SPECK & CO.. 667
Market at. '
FINE sunny 3- room flat. $10: cheap. 8 Pine
place, oft Pine St., near Mason. ' .-
FINE flat, 7 rooms ar<i bath: modern lmprove-
ments. 626 Golden Gate ave.
FLAT of 4 rooms; bay-window and bath: $12.
716 Natoma street, between Eighth and Ninth.
FLAT of S rooms, sunny yard; water free. 425
Linden ave.
FLAT of 8 rooms and bath. Corner of Seven-
teenth and Collingwood sts.
IF you want to move get printed list flats to let
from BALDWIN _ HO WELL, 10 Montgomery.
SUNNY corner bay-window flat. 7 rooms, bath,
stable; house of 6 rooms, basement, yard;
cheap. 1876 Fifteenth Bt.. near Dolores.
TO let— Flat of 4 rooms and bath: all modern
improvements; rent $16. 1501 Vallejo St.. be-
tween Polk st. and Van Ness ave.
$13 50— HANDSOME new eunny modern flat. 4
rooma, bath. 2976 Twenty-third, nr. Harrison.
$8— LOWER flat of 5 sunny rooms. 377 Sanchez
st. near Seventeenth.
FLATL. TO LET — FURNISH— D. '
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 1000, corner Laguna—
Comfortable and very complete furnished flat
of 6 rooms and bath; plenty closets: nice
conservatory; a model home; side bay-win-
dows; Jefferson Park, fronting on Golden
Gate ave.: excellent neighborhood; six
months or longer to good tenant; price $50 per
month or will sell cheap.
FURXITURE FOR SALE.
4 ROOMS furnished In oak for $48 50. with No. 7
range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
FURNITURE— 8 nicely furnished rooms for
salt? cheap. Call 38 Turk st.
KlIRMTCUE WASTED.
CHAS. LEVY buys your furniture, carpets,
pianos, eto. 1135 Market St.; tel. Jessie 761.
Auctioneer— L. Vincent. 1305 Larkln ;tel. Polk 694:
furniture & furn'd houses bought, spot cash.
$5000 worth of furniture, carpets, etc., wanted.
M. Sllversteln, 1121 Market: tel. Folsom 1105.
ALFRED WOLLPERT, 773 Mission St., pays
highest price for your second-hand furniture.
W. E. CODY (late with J. T. Terry & Co.) buys
furniture, carpets. 757 Mission; tel Red 3353.
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
C. R. HAN9EN & CO....? ..Phone Grant 185"
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
4 waitresses. Salt Lake City. Utah. $22 E0
fare here; waitress, Nevada State, $25; head
wait rets, commercial hotel, $35; waitresses for
Dunsmuir. Stockton, Watsonville, Madera,
$20 and $25; 3 waitresses, olty. $20: 2 restau-
rant waitresses, $7; woman cook. $40; choco-
late dipper, $5 week to girl with some experi-
ence to begin. 'v
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Cook, country. $25, see party here: second
girl who understands plain laundry work, $10,
country, choice place; housa girls, second
girls, nurse girls, others. C. R. HANSEN &
CO.. 104 Geary Bt.
SALESLADIES for large retail candy store; $7
a week to begin; no offlce fee; see party here.
C. R.. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary «t.
WANTED— Cook, no wash. $35; German cook,
no wash, $35; laundress, $30, see lady here to-
day at 11 a. m. ; nurse, 1 child, $25; lady's
maid, $25; governess, $25; 10 hotel waitresses,
$20, city and country; restaurant waitresses,
$25, see party to-day; 3 hoarding house cooks,
$23, $30; hotel waitress, $25:125 house girls for
city and country. J. F. CROSETT. 316 Sut-
ter st.
A— GERMAN cook, city. $35: 2 boarding house
cooks, city, $35 and $30; cook, boarding house,
Glenn County, $25, fare here. MISS CUL-
LEN. 325 Sutter et.
GOOD home and fair wages will be given young
girl willing to do light upstairs work and as-
sist in care of baby. 2502 Broadway.
A LADY of Indomitable energy, possessed of
self-assertion: good opportunity for right
party. F. PERSON, room 412, Parrott bldg.
GIRL to do cooking and general housework; no
washing; wages $25. Call after 9 a. m. at
1 Scott Bt.
NEAT German girl for general housework and
assist In cooking. Call 121SA Fulton st., be-
tween Scott and Devisadero.
EXPERIENCED operators, also learners, on
muplln underwear. G. W. REYNOLDS, 597
Mission St.. corner Second.
SKIRT hand, also an apprentice, at MME.
LICHAU'S dressmaking parlors. 455 Geary.
APPRENTICE at dressmaking. MRS. M. O.
ALLEN. 778 O"FarreU st.
WANTED- Operators on ladles' waists. San
Francisco Mfg. Co.. 409A Turk st.
GIRL for general housework; small family;
good wages. 1S33 Ellis St., mornings.
GIRL for general housework and cooking. 1620
Geary st.
RELIABLE girl assist with general housework;
4 adults. 15 Baker st. near Haight.
WANTED— Girl for light housework. Call In
the morning at 503 Lyon st.
RESPECTABLE young girl for housework and
plain cooking. 709 Larkln st.
GIRL or middle-aged woman to take care of
children. ir>32 O'Karrell et.
WANTED— Girl for general housework: small
family: wages $10. Apply 1830 O'Farrell et.
WAITRESS wanted; flrst-class wages. 631 Clay
street. >
WANTED— A woman to wash windows; work
by rtay. ' Apply 1123 O'Farrell st.
NEAT girl for chamber work and wait; also
waitress. 1433 California 8t.
COMPETENT nurseglrl to take enre of two
children; -wages $15. > 1424 Mission Bt.
SMART girls to learn tailoring; pay while
learning. 1215 Market St., near Elffhth.
WANTED— First-class dining-room girl; res-
taurant. 206 McAllister st.
WANTED— Waitresses. 781 Sutter st.
GT/RL to strip tobacco at 106 Turk st.
TWO girls who understand sewing on steam
machines; good wages. 857 Tehama st.
WANTED— Woman to do housework. 626 Cas-
tro st. : call early.
GIRLS for hand work on corsets. 231 Powell
street.
WANTED— Women and girls to work on fruit;
canning and preparing; highest wagea paid;
steady work; prizes for quick work. Apply
Immediately to U. S. FRUIT PACKING CO..
Harrison ave., between Seventh and Eighth
Its., o'.i Folsom.
WOMEN and girls for canning and preparing
fruit; steady work; highest wages. Apply
Californlan Canneries Co. Ltd.. Brannan St..
bet ween. Third and Fourth.
OPERATORS wanted on shtrts: young girls
taught; steady work; best pay. BRENNER-
ULMAN CO.. 19 Battery st.
APPRENTICES on overalls. STANDARD
SHIRT FACTORY, cor. Gough and Grove sts.
OPERATORS on muslin underwear; steam
power; conetant work. G. W. REYNOLDS,
697 'Mission Bt.. corner Second.
GIRLS to rivet overalls: also sewing machine
operators, at Levl Strauss & Co.'s factor}'.
S2% Fremont St.; no experience necessary;
good wages. Apply to MR. DAVIS.
WANTED-Protestant girl to assist In light
housework; good home: wages moderate. 723
Guerrero st., near Twentieth.
BRIGHT young lady for ortice work; must be
good penman. S. N. WOOD _»CO.. 718 Mar-
ket st. ,
"WANTED— I^dy solicitors, city and interior:
big money for active workers. Room 350, Phe-
lan building, San Francisco. Cal.
WANTED— An energetic woman who has had
some experience in traveling: must be free to
engage for one year. Box 1675, Call ofilce.
WANTED— A girl to do general housework In
an American family. Apply 825 Guerrero St.,
before 12 o'clock. ¦ -
EXPERIENCE!* operators j on underskirts;
steam power; good pay. A. AARON, 679 Mis-
sion Bt.
WANTED— 4 colored women, with some stage
experience preferred. Address all communi-
cations to THOS. BARRY. 317 Sixth St.
WANTED— A lady as - companion <and lltrht
housework; good home; fair pay for right
party. Call after 2 p. ro., 116 Taylor at.'
PRF.SSr.ng wanted on overshirts. BRENNER-
ULMAN CO.. 17 Battery St.
FIRST-CLASS finishers on custom coats;
steady work; good wages. 461 Jessie st.
APPRENTICES ' In millinery store at 692 Me-
. AUlster st. -. \
WANTED— An operator on coati; good pay:
•teady work. Box 185S. CalL
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
GIRL for light housework; good home; wages
$10. . 138 Russ st.
WANTED— "Women and girls to work on fruit.
1731 Folsom between 13th and 14th.
EXPERIENCED operators on negligee shirts;
cood pay. 27 Jessie St.. fifth floor.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 2200 Fillmore su
A— MURRAY _ READY.... PHONE' MAIN 5S48
...Leading Employment and Labor Agents...
; Want 7 a. m. to-day
;;••••••••• WE SHIP FREE .....
Men for all parts of California. Utah. Wash-
ington, Arizona. Oregon. Colorado. Nevada
and Hawaiian Islands.
• ........Free fare and offlce fee only $1
Special to-day to the following districts:
DUNSMUIR REDDING SHASTA
HERNDON FRESNO MENDOTA
Lf.s Angeles acd Santa Barbara dlrtrlcts
Reno (Nev.) and Truckee districts
crows Landing and Newman districts
Ban Luis and Surf districts
Bakersfleld and Madera districts
Salt Lake City Soda Springs
i _?2. °i, her Points good wages
1 WE SHIP FREE come one. come all
It only costs Jl fee and no other expenses
¦ - •• • come see
MURRAY _ READY. 634-636 Clay st.
1 A ~ WHEELWRIGHTS CARPENTERS
Carpenters with or without tools for large
mining company, $3 to $3 60 day
Z5 carpenters for different places, house build-
; ing, mines, ranches, etc.: also rough carpen-
, ters, wages from $2 50 day to $67 50 and found
•carpenters, company work free fare
1 wheelwright, country shop $3 day
; 18 blacksmiths and horseshoers, for shops.
ranches, etc $40. $50 and found. $3 day
Tlmberman. mining company
I Tlmberman on bridge work $i day
Coopers bridge builders woodworkers
LOOK HERE FOR HANDY MEN!
Any men handy with hatchet will suit this
Job; 25 men to build flume. $30. $35. $40 and
found; long Job
. FRUITPICKERS FRUITPICKERS
10 men gather prunes Santa Clara Co. Jl 50
: to $1 75 day... %
150 men and boys to pick all kinds of fruits,
gather almonds, etc.. $16 and $30 and found
WE PAY YOUR FARE
And ship to the sawmills and wo«ds 838 la-
borers for 23 different sawmills. $26 to $40 and
found, anybody will suit: S5 woodsmen., mill-
men: also all kinds of planing mill help, $95,
$80. $65. $70. $60. $40. $50. $30 and found
364 woodchoppers, tlemakers, etc., $3, 12 60. $2,
$1 and 75c cord, tools and food found
125 farm hands $35. $30, $26 and found
86 milkers and buttermakers....J30. $25 found
Cheesemakers $35 and found
24 stablemen, etc. ...$25. $50. $60, $40, $30 found
16 hay balers, $3 day: also harvest crews
In San Francisco; all parts of California.
364 laborers and teamsters. $2 50, $2. $1 75 day;
some board yourself home; boys for stores,
factories, etc, city Jobs, cabinetmakers,
woodworkers, carrlagemakers, bridge build-
ers, etc.: come see
Screw turner, sawmill company, see boss here
Edgerman, tallyman, sawmill company
25 woodmen, Santa Cruz County. J32 60 and fd
Sticker hand. $3 CO day Planer, $3 a day
Matcher, $3 a day. ...Machine mnn, $3 a dav
Farmer and wife $35 and found
ALSO HUNDREDS OF POSITIONS
..NOT ADVERTISED COME RSE..
Man and wife, private place, $40 and fd., see
boss here. MURRAY & HEADY. 634-«3<? Clay.
A— SPECIAL
10 laborers for manufacturing company, near
city. }2 40 day, any laboring men will suit....
Cook nnd wife for the mines
Married furnaceman for the mines ,$65
Book-keeper, stenographer and typewriter,
country; boys cr young men to drive delivery
Trayons. MURRAY <fe READY. 634-836 Clay.
TO the gold silver and other mines
ISO single hand and machine miners and Bur-
lelgh drillers SSO. $75 and $60 and found
350 laborers for the mines In all parts of Cali-
fornia: anybody will suit, $10 to $50 and found:
Tunnelmen Drillers Hammersmen
Teamsters and laborers, different cltv ar.d
country places, $1 75 to $3 50 day. MURRAY
& READY, 634-63f. Clay st.
A— HOTEL .. RESTAURANT. .LAUNrtnv TT»in
Chef cook $S0 and fd.
82 cooks, city nnd country, S35 to *R6 and found
Porter and runner $25 and found
nlFo short order and night cooks
Second and third cccks for mines
$35 and $40 and found
Waiters for the mines, $30 and found: 15
waiters, city and country, $25 and $30 and fd
Bakers and helpers, $40. $35 and $30 and found
Washers, starchers and lroners for laundries
Butchers pantry men handy
men for institution, etc.: lunch man for cafe.
$5(1 and beard. MURRAY & READY. 634-636
Clay st.
A— FOR A NEW MINE. 5 good laboring men.
$67 50, flrst-class Job; saw flier, also
screw turner, sawmill company, see boss here;
coatmaker, country town, see boss here.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay St.
MAN about country place, $30; J gardeners
and wives, $60 and $40: laundryman and wife
for Institution, $60: driver for milk wagon,
$30 and found; 3 farmers. $30; teamsters for
ranch. $1 25 day and board; 8 fruit pickers, $1
day and board: blacksmith. $2 50 day; 3 boys
to learn trade, $4 50 week and Increase;
choremen: shop butcher. $S week; and others.
J. F. CROSETT Agency, .628 Sacramento st.
4 CARPENTERS for long Job In country, $3
day, 8 hours; circular sawyer, $3 50 day; 2
• band sawyers, $4 day and $100 month: planer-
men, edKermpn, band sawyer, and other
machine men at good wages; laborers for rall-
rr>Bd work, free fare; mill and woodsmen at
going Tvagea, and many others. J. F. CROS-
' ETT Agency, 628 Sacramento st.
OYSTERMAN. $40; cook, family hotel, country,
$33; cock, short orders. $40; 3 waiters, nice
places. $25 and $30; dishwashers and others.
J. F. CROSETT Agency, 628 Sacramento st.
YOUNG English or Scotch groom, $25 and
found; references required. J. F. CROSETT
Agency, 62S Sacramento st.
WANTED— Free fare, railroad laborers for dif-
ferent parts of California, company work;
crosscut eawyer, $35 and board: man to drive
cart on ranch near city, $25: man and wife,
easy place, $30; horseman and chores, private
place, $25 and found: blacksmith's helper, $2
a day; teamsters, city. $1 73 day; laborers.
$1 75 day: baker, country shop, $45; cook, city,
$75; oyster opener, $40; vegetable gardener,
$25: choreman, $23. W. D. EWER & CO., 610
Clay st.
MAN and wife, country, $50; good place; man
must understand gardening. MISS CULLEN,
325 Slitter St. _^
BARBERS' Progressive Union — Free employ-
ment. H. Bernard. Sec. 104 7th; tel. Jessie 152.
RELIABLE man to represent. In resident com-
munity, old established house, worth $230,000;
duties require hiring help, making collections
and some offlce work: liberal salary and ex-
penses advanced to right party. Address WM.
J. UHL, Mgr., 723 Chestnut St., Philadelphia,
Pa.
WANTED- Large strong boys, age from 15 to
17 years, of good family, who are desirous
of learning the crockery business. Appjy be-
tween hours 9:30 and 11, NATHAN-DOHR-
MANN CO.. 1M Sutter st.
A GENTLEMAN of Indomitable energy and
push: good' opportunity to right man. F.
PERSON, room 412, Parrott building.
WANTED — Retail salesman familiar with gro-
cery business: give experience and reference.
Box 1E87, Call offlce.
COATMAKER and general tailor for country.
REISS BROS. & CO.. 24 Butter st.
WHITEWASHER wanted at 2S75 Sixteenth
street.
YOUNG man to work on a place. 1443 Harri-
son st.
GOOD porter wanted at 607 Laguna St., corner
Haves.
GOOD reliable boy for grocery delivery wagon,
18 to 20 years. .Box 1686, Call offlce.
APPRENTICE boy to learn Jewelry trade. Call
3 Hardle place, room 8, top floor.
BOY to learn carpentering. Call 629 California
street.
WANTED— Lunch cook. 432 Brannan gt.
NIGHT dishwasher at 19 Powell st.
WANTED— Painters. Corner Eleventh and
Mission sts. .
MIDDLE-AGED, temperate dishwasher; wages
$20 per month and found. 195 Tenth st.
GROCERY cleTk. counter and delivery work;
salary- $9 per week. Box 16S1, Call office..
WAXTEP-A dishwasher. 781 Sutter st.
GOOD steady waiter;" al3o dinner waiter. 25
Taylor st. v,
GOOD barber for Saturday and Sunday. 1323
Stockton. st. ;^ wages $5. •
WANTED— A first-class upholsterer. 471-473
Haight st.
WAITER wanted. &» Clay st.
COOK wanted. 507 Twentieth St., Potrero.
A GOOD third' hand bread baker; wages $4 to
$3. board and lodging. 911V4 Larkln st.
BOY; chance to learn clgarmaklng, at 1C6 Turk
, Street.
WANTED — Cook. Golden Gate Hotel. 134 !
Fourth st. ¦ . - - •
WANT3D— Good barber; steady Job. SAM |
WITT, 1313 Santa Clara ave., Alameda. j
ERRAND boy wanted. 834 Fo'.som st.
WANTED— A man thoroughly familiar' with
local flre Insurance business : for office po b l-
tlon. Add., giving experience, box 1668. Call.
NEW goods; quick sales; salary or comm Is- |
¦_eion;-city or country. The J. Dewing Co..
Flood building. '¦ v": -" -: '
BARBER •hop and Uvln* room for Ml*.- 114
Fourth «t ¦ > j
HELP WANTED—MALE.
A^-C. R. H ANEEN _ CO. . . . 1M GEARY ST.
200 teamsters. Nevada $2 a day
100 teamsters, Bakerstteld $2 a day
200 teamsters. Coast road $2 a day
20 tunnelmen for blgr tunnel, Chatswonh
Park, Los Angelea County, $2 to $2 M a day..
10 laborers. Coast road $3 a day
FOR COMPANY WORK
80 laborers for rock crushfcr *2 a day
Ship dally. Office fee, $1 Free fare
10 lumber pliers. Santa Cms Co $2 a day
JO laborers, Napa Co .-..$2 a day
6 railroad bridge riveters 35c an hour
10 almond pickers. $1 25 a day: dairyman for
Institution, $30 and found: blacksmith. $2 50
a day; 4 stablemen. $23 to $45; farmers, milk-
ers, choremen and others.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Hotel chef. $75; shampooer. springs. 135 ana
found, fare advanced; shampooer. city. $4":
assistant bath man, springs, $lo and found,
fare advanced: cook, country hotel. $00: third
cook, country hotel, $35, fare advanced: baker,
country hotel. $»; ranch cook. $20: 20 dish-
washers and kitchen hands, *20 to $30; 11 ho-
tel and restaurant waiters, city and country,
C*.°'r."_AN3EN & CO 10* Geary st.
A— HEAD waiter, country hotel, $40; see party
here, a R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary st.
WANTED— Recruit3 for the United States Ma-
rine Corps U. S. Navy, able-bodied, unmar-
ried men of good character, between the ages
of »1 and 3o years: not less than a fe *i *
Inches and not over 8 feet 1 Inch in height;
must be citizens of the United States or per-
sons who have legally declared their Inten-
tions to become citizens: able to read, write
and speak English properly. For further In-
formation apply at the Marine Recruiting Of-
fice, 40 Ellis St., San Francisco, Cal., 530 K St..
Sacramento. Cal.. or 1058 J at.. Fresno, Cal.
WANTED— For U. 8. army, able-bodied un-
married men between ages of 21 and 35; cit-
izens of United States; of good character
and temperate habits, who can speak, read
and write English: recruits are specially de-
sired for service in Philippines. For Infor-
mation apply to Recruiting Officer, 121 New
Montgomery st.. San Francisco. Cal.
TO tailors' cutters— A flrst-class cutter re-
quired; permanent position. Apply between
10 and 11 a. m. to CHARLES LYONS, the
London Tailor. 721 Market st.
ALL size* men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 662 Mission St., bet. 1st and 2d sta.
WANTED— Barber to buy 2-chalr shop; 3 living
rooms. 2144 Mission st.
BARBERS— Good paying. 3-chalr shop; flne op-
portunlty. DECKELMAN BROS.. 106 Ellis.
GRADUATE optician (Al refractlonist). neat
appearance; elderly person preferred; salary
$20 week. Box 3261. Call offlce. •
JEWELERS— 32S Bush St.. third floor, room 4.
WANTED— Stable attendants. Apply P.
BRONER, Baden, at end of San Mateo elec-
trle line.
A STRONG boy for retail store: state age, ex-
perience and fullest particulars or no atten-
tion given. Box 1878. Call.
WANTEI>— Bushelmen. steady position. Apply
at once. RAPHAEL'S.
FIRST-CLASS tailor on custom coats. 13514
Natoma St., near New Montgomery.
SECURITY deposit put up for street railway
employes. SHALMOUNT, 1106 Pine. 2-4 p. tn.
TWO solicitors; salary and commission. C. I.
PARKER. 933 Market »t.
BARBER wanted for two days. CS Bteuart
street.
10 WOODCHOPPERS by contract or by the
month: pay every month. 14* Grove st.
GET your shoes half soled while waiting; 2Jo
to EOc. EC2 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
MEN' and women to learn barber trade. S. F.
Barber Collegs. 741A Howard st.
GOOD barber: steady Job. 723 Fourth St.. San
Rafael; telephone Red 15.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third st. ; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
SAILORS, ordinary seamen and green hands;
all parts of world. HERMAN'S, 25 Steuart.
PENSIONS— GEO. D. CAMPBELL, lawyer, 16
years' practice; Examiner building.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near Mar
ket: 700 rooms. 25c nfght: reading-room; free
bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
LINDELL House, corner Sixth and Howard-
Rooms 15c to 23c night: 73c to $2 per week.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce, 2200 Fillmore at.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1996
Valenctn Bt.
IIORSC?. LIVE STOCK. Etc — For Sale
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market.
$27 Sixth st. ; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
70 HEAD draft, carriage and saddle horses;
also pneumatic and rubber-tired buggies;
cheap. Occidental Horse Exchange, 721 How-
ard st.
FOR rale— Little mare, gentle, for lady. $55;
8 years old: party leaving the city; to-day
only; must be sold to-day. £65 Geary st.
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED list: houses to let: send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
BROADWAY, 1912, nr. Octavla— 6 rooms, bath,
laundry; marine view; rent $20.
HOWARD. 1103— Uppar part of ho-aae. S nicn
sunny rooms; hot and cold water; rent $1? 50.
" HOUSES WANTED.
WANTED — A house of 6 or 7 rooms east of
Franklin and north of Market; rent not to
exceed $27. Address MISS VALLIER, 215
Leaven-worth st.
LOST AXD FOUND.
LOST— August 20, small black silk bag contain-
ing following securities: Four Leavenworth
County funding bonds, $1000 each, Nos. 25S.
259, 260, 262; certificate o{ deposit Los Angeles
German-American Bank; $30 draft First Na-
tional Bank; note $300. All persons are warned
against negotiating these securities, as pay-
ment has been stopped. Liberal reward. Re-
turn to 978 Geary st.
LOST— At Sausallto ferry, Sunday, between 5:43
and 6 p. m., a brown fur cape. Reward bv
returning same to S22 Geary st.
LOST — Pocketbook containing discharges.
Owner ERNEST F. C. FRANK. Peamen'B In-
stitute, 33 Steuart St.; finder rewarded.
LOST— A black feather, boa. Sutter and La-
guna sts. Receive reward by returning to
2C23 Pacific ave.
REWARD for bunch of keys. Return to 1S22
O'Farrell st.
LOST— On Ellis st. stf>ne marten neck fur; lib-
eral reward. 615 Eddy st.
LOST — Black greyhound dog. Finder plenss re-
turn to northeast corner 22d and Kentucky.
DR. and MRS. DAVIES. l_S~Market st.— Reli"!
able ladies' and gents' specialists; 32 years'
practice; have treated thousands of cases suc-
cessfully; a positive cure guaranteed at of-
fice; ladles treated can return home the same
day: try the celebrated HINDO HERB treat-
ment for home cure: any one can use It bv di-
rections: prefectly harmless; home for confine-
ment. Send five 2-cent stamps for circular.
MRS. DR. KOHL, the well known and rellabte
ladies' specialist; guaranteed treatment at of-
fli-e, $5; positive cure; home, for patients be-
fore and during confinement; skillful me<llcal
attention; consultation free and confidential
448 Eddy St.. bet. Learenworth and Hyde.
D , R V.. °: W ' O'DONXELL. the world-renowned
ladles specialist: safe and reliable; h*s prac-
ticed In San Francisco for years; treated thou-
sands of cases successfully; treatment can b«
used at home;- consultation fre*. After all
others fall call on him. W2S% Market sL
DRS. GOODWIN*, well-known ladles' specialists
have returned from Europe: safe and reliable'-
cure $3: have treated thousands of cases with
success : 15 years' practice in S. F.: maternit*
home; low fees. 1007^ Market st.. near Slxtn.
A -£?™'. Proems; great progress In medical
science, every woman her-own physician; no
-^^^?^^S°^ at hom >-
ed; s»nd for testimonials; advice free. Sani-
tarlum, .04 Sacramento st.. corner Kearny.
1 M^rt DR * TT r ' Err ' K - reliable specialist: 25 yrs.'
«f« « me tn conn '" > ment: treatment at
J£ m *. : ? ny ¦ llm * >nt : consultation free: con-
fluer.tlal. 942 Post «.. bet. Hyde and Larkln.
M iC'f- S£ AL , IjEN "- tW Market-Ladles' speclal-
' inn., £"1! ln , confl *w> enf. safe and reliable:
consultation free; hours 10 to 8.
°£ «. 8T1 '1 MRS - M WEOEXEB-Prtrat* home
In confinement. 1312 Golden Gate av.
DR. \VISE— The only genuine ladles' s-pedallst.
Offlce ill* Market st.
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, treats all dls-
I '"*»* of the human Mr. m M»« on st.
MISCELLANEOUS— FOR SA_e7
A-BEAufm^L^oil^^d^kaTaTlmTTaaVs
*.?.'£?• almO!l t ne<r. for $18; eost originally $35.
UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grunt avenue.
A— 100 11. p. engine, boiler, two drill air com-
preasor. JARDINES. 220 Fremont st.
. A-$3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats. $175. Pop-
ular Price Hatters. 330. Kearny st.. near Pine.
i FIRST-CLASS screw-cutting lathe. 9x24; small
wood lathe; 1 small bent saw. 833 Mission st.
j <r^° se cash "Sisters: Sunset Market. 171 Fourth
3IISCELLA.\EOUS FOR SALE.
BOILERS!, engines, 2d-hand machinery. Mo
IXTOSH _ WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counter*,
linoleum, store and office furniture and fix-
tures; new and second-hand ; we always have
a large stock of saloon outfits on h.ind: 33
complete outfits on our floor, ready made; we
can ahlp everything in 84 hours. J. NOONAS,
1017. H)19. 1021. 1023 Mission st.. above Stxta;
write for catalojua.
FOR sale cheap— 1 largre coal wagon. 1 delivery
¦wagon. 1 cart. 1 double aet harness. 1 slngl*
set. scale, truck and sign board; stable an.l
born, yard and office to let. Apply 21C1 Cen-.
tral avc. Alaroe<ia.
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
e g t > g eS W t S'j^-L.^. er «g tP 8 %a S 'r h Vt: lng - PU " CT9 '
A BEAUTIFUL 2H carat solitaire diamond
h/t^tq *}PU or| S' naI cost $2:3. UNCLE
HARRI3. IS Grant ave.
FOR sale-2 pool. 1 billiard table; R ood order.
Jose CaJ U3 S ° Uth Flm 8t * Saa
FOUR-HORSE power Otto gas enjrtne lln*
shaft ana hangers: cheap. 1S22 Market St.
2D J- 1I - AJfD Photographic and magic lantern out-
flts bought, sold, exchanged. 109 Montgomery.
A 10-TON Fairbanks sc3le and flre and burglar
proof safe. 218 California st.
FIRST-CLASS second-hand modern engines and
boilers bought and sold. KROGH Mfg. Co.
2D-HAND gasoline and steam englnea. lathes,
etc. ; general machine work. 137 Beale st.
JD-HAND engines, boilers, dynamos, motors.
and gasoline eng. H. S. White. 516 Mission.
A FINE suit, $10; dress pants. $2 7i MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery at.
TYPEWRITER. Xo. 2 Smith Premier: late
model; cheap. Typewriter Exchange, 409 Cal.
EDISON concert phonograph: reduced price.
: $75: concert records. $1 50. Baclyalupi. 933 Mkt.
PORTABLE engines, boilers; iron and wood
planers, lathes; zd-hand. J. Burke, 1G9 Beale.
JD-HAND fire-proof aafe; 1 fire and burglar
proof safe: cheap. 42 Main st.
MAGIC lanterns, new and Id-hand; moving
plctares. BULLARP _ BRECK, 131 Post st.
SAFES— New ami second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-CS Sacramento st.
SAFES— New and second-hand: all sizes. THE
WALTZ SAFE. 109-111 Market St.. San Fran.
.MISCELI,.V.\_OCS \VA.\TS.
¦WANTED— COO pigeons; old and young. Bos
16S3. Call office.
KLEIN still pays best price 1 for clothing, brtc-
a-brac and books. 109 Sixth st. ; tel Jessla 141.
SEALSKINS are what we pay big prices for.
PORTLAND LOAN OFFICE. 25 Stockton at.
IF you wish full value for your cast-off clothing
call on B. COHEN 1 , 157 Third: tel. Black 4123.
MOSEY TO LOA.\.
ANY amount at i per cent; 1st. 2d and 3d mort-
gages, undivided Interest, real estate in pro-
bate; morgages and legacies bought; no de-
lay; get my terms before doing business else-
where. R. McCOLOAN. 24 Montgomery, r. 3.
ANY proposition, any amount: 6 per cent; first,
second mortgages, estates In probate. Interest
In estates, legacies, corporation loans, chattel
mortgages, life Insurance. Room 14. first floor.
Chronicle bldg. HALLORAN A OLSEN.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store, 846 Market
St.: tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third st.
ON furniture and pianos without removal ; quick
service; money direct; lowest interest. Rooms
88 and 63. Donohoe building. 1170 Market st.
ON real estate. 1st and 2nd mortgages and on
furniture or pianos; no removal: any amount;
lowest rate. BECKER & CO., 25 Montgomery.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds.
watches. Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL. 10 Sixth;
highest price for old gold, silver, diamonds.
LOANS '.
SALARIES and FURNITURE
O. H. HARSHBARGER. Z22 Ellin, room 34.
AT 1C6 Kearny St., room 9. respectable private
place to borrow on watches, diamonds: lowest
rates; take elevator. Telephone Davis 995.
$o04.0O0at6 per cent In sums to suit In city; also
$110,000 on large ranches lalyo on second mort-
gages. R. J. MERCER & SON. 412 Pine st.
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
pianos; no removal; low rates; confidential.
BONELLI. 201 Jones St., corner Eddy.
$25,000 TO loan: lat or Zd mtgs: « per cent: es-
tates, chattels. HARPER. 313 Hearst bldg.
ON furniture and pianos; no removal; confi-
dential; on diamonds, etc. 33 Taylor st.
H. MURPHY. 830 Market st.. solves allkindsof
financial problems; 2d mortgages, estate*, etc.
TO salaried people without security; all busi-
ness confidential. Tousley Co.. 321 Parrot big.
ON furniture, pianos: 3 per cent per month; no
commission. Mrs. Wilson, rm. 101. 8 Eddy st.
CASH loaned to salaried people on nota without
lndorser. MORRELL, 809 Examiner building.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal ; no com-
mission; private. LICK. 116 McAllister st.
TO salaried men without collateral or lndorser.
8. F. Discount Asrency. 143 Phelan building.
IXSTRl'MEaTS.
PIANO ~ "" " '
REMOVAL OF
HEINE PIANO COMPANY.
From 126 Ellis Street,
Where will be sold the following stock, regard-
ess of cost or profit:
SS Heine upright. 1 Fisher.
7 Steinway upright 6 Schlller_
1 Mason & Hamlln. 2 Gibsons.
9 Chickering Bros. | ( Strabea.
1 Ehaw. 1 1 Deering.
I Vose. I 11 Schaeffera.
First parties to come will have best cholc*.
No reasonable offer will be refused on any of
these pianos. We will rent piano* and allow
rent on purchase price, or sell on very easy
terms; anyway must close them out. Sale now
going on at -136 Ellis nt.. corner Mason, which
we must vacate before September 1. after which
we will occupy our beautiful new store
at 217 GEARY STREET.
HEINE.
Warerooms, 136 Ellis st.
THE finest tuning and repairing of all kinds
of musical instruments is done by our start
cf experts. We guarantee all of our work,
and charge reasonable prlcea. MAUYAld
Music Co.. 769 Market st.
ANOTHER carload of those beautiful Pack-
ard ciar.OB Just received. They are the fin-
est we ever had. and are worth looking at.
We Invite you to call. MAUVAUS'. 7K> Mar-
ket st.
IF It's a bargain you are looking for. you
prices have been examined. MAUVAI3
Music Co.. 769 Market st.
ALL purchasers of pianos at SHERMAN. CLAY
& CO.'S have the privilege of exchanging for
a STTINWAY any time within three yeara
and full purchase price allowed: the best
makers of every grade to select from: beauti-
ful new uprights $6 cash. $8 per month: some
good pianos for $3. 14 and $5 per month.
SHERMAN, CLAY _ CO.. STEIXWAT
DEALERS, corner Kearny and Sutter sts..
San Francisco, corner Broadway and Thlr-
teenth St.. Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY the oMnt and largest housn
west of Chicago Is KOHLEK _ CHASS'9.
2S. 28 and 20 O'Farrell st.: pianos, organs and
all other musical Instruments of all grades
and prices; terms easy; prices lowest: every-
thing possible dona to please and satisfy th-»
customer.
A FEW high-grade pianos sacrificed this week;
call, see them; a nice upright piano. $1_; &
beautiful upright. $160; a nice Steinway.
Chase Bros, and several other bargains at
J. DTTWING CO.. Flood bldg.. cor. Market
and Fourth sts. .
9 GOOD square pianos from $30 to $300.
5 flne grand pianos from $173 tn $450.
6 second-hand uprtehts from $75 to S_S.
1 Steinway. 1 Ste«-k. 1 Weber. 1 Curtaa.
BENJ. CURTAZ - SON; 18 O'Farrell st.
REMOVAL of Keeffe's piano store from Van
Net* to 933 Market, bet. 5th and Kth. next
Ilaia Eros.. _ will rnntlnuo reduction sale for
2 weeks; open ev'nsrs: call and get low prices.
IF you hare a GABLER piano, sen1 your name
to Byron Mauiy/ 308 Post st.. the solo assent,
for information.
VIOLIX strings; never wet: beat fn tha world:
making and repairing of all k!nd of musical
Instruments. Carl C. Anderson.' 417 Geary st.
A SLAUGHTER sale of upright pianns for
storage. SJO up. WILSON'S Storage. 1710 Mkt.
BE In the swim: rent a new plann for J3 per
month. SCOTT-CURTAZ CO.. SSO Ha;.—. Vr.
SPECIAL *ale — Uprights $75 up: Installments
t5 up: rents S? up. HE1XE. 13< E111.1 St.
THE WILEY B. ALLEN CO.. 2H Post at.;
Hardman. Conover and other pianos.
SOTf MKR * CO.. Byron Mauzy. Gabler Hamll-
ton pianos. 308 Post at., opp. Union Square.
BARGAIN— Gocrt pl3no cheap; Installment $3
per myth. SCTTMITZ. 16 McAllister st.
"W. fl. BADGER, 412 Sacramento st. agent for
rv»nrt« Racon and Hallett & Davis, pianos.
S V.^ I 5 I 2? T!o » ns - zithers. oM and new. H.
MILLER, maker, repairer. 2 Latham pla?a.
R^Dt-CTIOV s.-xIp: ne- n!rin<v»: n T>avment»-
MUSICAL I.VVritL'CTIO.V
FREE— Threw months' piano Instruction toy er-
pert German teacher. Box 133S. Call office.
PALM ISTRiy
M 2££n. N , Mrira * r< il' f™- St - Ormata College of
Palmistry: reads 1 to 9. 816 Geary, nr. J_— —Merritt, will soon be determined by Judge
Coffey. An application was filed yester
day by W. R. H. Adamson, executor of
the will : of the late Adolph Sutro, for
leave to sell the library. His application
Is sanctioned by a majority of the heirs.
Following the filing of this document,
Mrs. Merritt filed an opposition to Adam
son's petition, in which she set forth that
the library was hers by virtue of para
graph 23 of her deceased father's will. In
which he said: "I bequeath to my daugh
ter, Emma- 1*. Sutro (now Mrs. Merritt)
all of my books, papers, scrapbooks, man
uscripts^ and pictures contained in my
v Mrs. Merritt testified that she was In
Europe with her father when he pur
chased many volumes for his library.
Other witnesses were called/but very. few
facts ofinterest developed. On behalf of
the heirs who wish to sell the library,
Attorney Wheeler cf the firm of Bishop
& AVheeler contended that the decedent
did not intend to convey to Mrs. Merritt
his large library,' but .-. devised her the
books and other effects ; in the private
library in his home. The entire question
rests on ¦ the - construction of the . clause
under which Mrs. -Merritt" claims ¦ the • li
brary, and to-day further argument on
that point will be heard by the court.
Mrs. Emma L. Merritt, Who Claims
It as a Bequest, Files Oppo
sition.
Whether or not the late Adolph Sutro
Intended to bequeath his library of 200,000*
volumes to his daughter. Dr. Emma L.
HEIRS SEEK JO SELL
THE SUTRO LIBRARY
ed. Miss Celia McGulre: selections by Kelly
and Marlow; violin solo, selected. Miss Blanche
Coonan; vocal solo, Mr. H. Anderson; fancy
dance. Miss Roach; vocal solo, Master E.
Gulnanne.
Many at the Benefit.
The top floor of Mission Opera Hall was
filled last night by the members of St.
John's parish. The object of the gather-
Ing was to raise money for St. Patrick's
booth, which will cut no small ttgure In
the fair which will open to-night at the
arniory of Company O, League of the
Cross Cadets. Father Brady of St. John's
parish was present at the entertainment
fast night. Supervisor Peter J. Curtis
occupied the chair while the following
programme was being rendered:
Selections by the orchestra: remarks by
chairman, P. J. Curtis; fancy dance. Miss
Beatrice and Miss Angela Poole; vocal solo,
James E. Donahue; recitation. Master F.
Klose: piano solo, Miss M. Williams; vocal
solo. Master M. Lawley; soprano solo. select-
Amrock Peter Hanneberry. Mr. Hlnes, Mr.
Santry. Mr. Decarter, Mr. Daly, Mr. Niland,
Mr. Fay, Peter Lettish, Mr. Kelly, Edward
Behn, Mr. Sheridan, Mr. Sullivan. Mr. Flanni
ean, Mr. McCall. ! Mr. Riordan. Mr. Singleton,
Mr. Gannon, Mr. Duffy. Mr. Fenton. Mr. Reis
lnsr, Mr. Faffin.- Mr. McCarthy. Mr. O'Connor,
Mr. Powers, Mr. O'Connor, Mr. Sullivan, Mr.
Rice, Austin O'Brien, Mr. Banning, Walter
Walsh. Mr. Halpln, Thomas O'Day, Mr. Fitz
gerald. Mr. Bo^ue. Mr. Dempsey, Mr. Finni
gan. Mr. Manton, Mr. Leonard, Patrick 'White,
William • Brophy, Mr. Sullivan, i Mr. Costello,
Thomas Trainer. Mr. Elbridge, John Linihan,
Patrick Mitchell, George Gibbons, Thomas
Shawbrldpe. George • Richardson. William
Towns, Thomas Towns, Joe Fredericks.
Press' committee — Joseph Taaffe, George
Taaffe, William Mllrlck, James Sheehan. Mr.
Mngulre. John Finnigan, Bernard Burns, Mich
ael Bogue, Mr. Newson, Mr.' Coughlan. John
McLester; William Bell. Mr. O'Rourke. Mr.
Murphy. Frank Meyers, Thomas Meyers. L.
Clark. Victor Guddin, Mr. Hullng, Mr. Malloy,
Mr. McLaushlln.
Entertainment committee— Professor Taaffe,
Mr. Ewell, Mr. Magie, Mr. Harthnot. Mr. Cas
'sidy, Mr. Turner, Mr. Kerrigan. Mr. Coleman,
Fred Manlncke. Mr. Lilly. Mr. Rellly, Mr.
Bogue, Mr. Gllllgan, J. Dennlson.
The Affair Will Commence To-Night
"With an Entertainment by-
Rare Talent.
This evening will be the opening night
of the fancy bazaar in the armory of
Company O, League of the Cross Cadets,
in aid of the building fund of St. John's
Church. The affair will be a great event,
and a splendid programme has been ar
ranged for this evening opening. Super
visor Peter J. Curtis will act as chairman
for the entertainment that will be the
great attraction of to-night's gala event.
Frank T. Shea will deliver the oration,
and among other good things down on the
programme Miss Annie Rooney, Miss Etia
"Walsh, Miss Sadie McHugh and William
Hynes will contribute vocal or Instru
mental numbers.
St. John's parish is the only one in town
without a chuich of its own. The mem
bers have been in the habit In the past of
worshiping in eld St. Mary's College. The
property may be sold at any time, and
Father Brady has decided that now or
never is the time to start a fund toward
building a church. Money given to such a
cause can do nothing but bring happiness.
The bazaar will be one of the prettiest
ever given in San Francisco. The young
and old members of the parish have been
Staying up late at nights studying who can
excel In tasty decorations.
The following parishioners will all be
there to-night, and are working to make
the bazaar a great success:
Reception committee— John McNerney. Arthur
McCann, Thomas Minlhan, Thomas Cullen, Jo
seph Shaw, James Clark, Joseph McDeavltt,
Joe Johnson, Mr. Morrison, William McKewen,
John Tamoney, John Cherry, Mr. Mouille, Mr.
ST. JOHN'S CHURCH TO
OPEN ITS BIG BAZAAR
Dr. Kearney Sues for Fee.
Dr. Peter A. Kearney filed suit yester
day against Mrs. Theresa Bell to recover
$22,380, alleged to be due for medical ser
vices rendered. Dr. Kearney claims the
sum sued for on account of personal ser
vices rendered Mrs. Bell and her chil
dren.
$2420.' • ¦ - - ¦'¦¦ ¦:¦--¦ - ¦¦ ¦ ¦¦¦¦ . ¦- --¦
Emlllo D. Mattla and Maria G. Romano
(owners) with Felix Marcuse (contractor and
architect)— Brick, '"¦¦ carpenter . and mill .' work,
plumbing, plastering: and painting for a two
story frame dwelling on lot on E line of Sal
mon street, 77:6 from Pacific, thence N 20 by
60; ?i9oo. >y * V :Y
Builders' Contracts.
Alice Phftlan . Sullivan ¦ (owner) ¦¦with J. -W.
Smith (contractor), architect Charles J. I. Dev
lin-Alterations ' and additions to a two-story
ani basement brick building on lot on S line
of Sutter street. 1S5 E of Grant avenue, E 9«
by S' 137:6; J1970. ; :
Lyda F. Meyer (owner) with F. U Hansen
(contractor), architect Charles Paff— All work
for a one-story frame building with rough base
ment {and finished attic on lot on E line of
Maple, street, 52:SV1"S of. Clay,- 8 25 by , E 87:6;
Estate of Thomas H. Kinne (by Frank L.
Morehouse. administrator) to Marearet M.
Westwood, lot on N line of Jersey Htreet, S3 \V
of Noe. W SO by N 114: $2000.
Robert C. and Eliza M. Bolton, Frances Bol
ton Mellis (formerly Frances P. Bolton) to Nel
lie L. Graham (wife of Thomas F.), lot on W
line of Jones street, 35 N of Greenwich, N
27:« by W 112:6; $10.
Julien and Sarah J. Perrault # to William
Wankowski, lot on N\V corner of Jackson and
Hyde streets. W 27:6 by N 112:6; $10.
Charlotte L. Ricker or Riker to Frank Fur
rer lot on N corner of San Jose and Geneva
avenues NW 120. XK 30. SE 123:9, SW 30:4,
block 2, San Miguel City: $10.
R. H. Larsen to Frederick V. Schiller, lot on
W line of Orizaba street, 175 S of Randolph, S
100 by W 100, lots 36 to 39, block 53, City Land
Association; $10.
M. Jennie Armstrong to James S. and Mary
L. Varni, lot on NW line of Delaware avenue.
63-5 SW of Seneca street, SW 60:5 by NW 237,
lot 9, block S, West End Map No. 1; $10.
Peter Rooney to Sarah Rooney \wife), lot on
SW corner of California avenue and Parker
street. W 75 by S 100, lots 14 to 16, Harris Map
No. 1; gift.
Grace U Williams (wife of Chester) to
Charles G. Gebhardt, lot on SE corner of Eddy
and Franklin streets, S 120 by E 112:6, quit-
Claim deed; $10.
Frank F. and Juanlta P. Candldo to Ellen
J Lundquist, lot on S line of Fifteenth street,
HO W of Dolores. W 25 by S 71 J $1200.
Rufus H. and Anna M. Denmark to Kather
ine A Rivers, let on W line of Castro street,
51:6 N'of Valley, N 25 by W 105; $10.
Charles A. and Anna Rice and Henry H.
Montell (by H. M. Covert, commissioner) to
Triumph Loan Association, lot on S line of
Twentieth street, 100 W of Dalmond, W 25 by
S 97:6; $4881.
Triumph Loan Association to Peter P. Flood,
same; $2750.
Henri and Helene Fabregue to Edward B.
Hindes let on N line of Bush street, 45:10 E
of Taylor, E 22:11 by N 100; 510. '
Rienzi and Mary C. Hughes to Margaret A.
Skelly lot on E corner of Second and Federal
(Frederick) Ftreets. SE 30 by XE SO; $10.
Savings and Loan Society to James C. Court
ney, let on SE line of Welsh street, 210 NE of
FVu'rth NE 20 by SE SO, Quitclaim deed; $1.
Rose 'and Henry H. Dilges to Frank A. and
Angelina Pinelll. lot on SW line of Harriet
Street, 175 SE of Harrison, SE 25 by SW 75; $10.
Patrick Plater to Elizabeth Slater, lot on SW
corner of Sixth and Berry streets, SW 91:S by
SF. 120; ellt.
Same to same, lot on SW line of Sixth street,
2C0 SE of Brannan, SE 25 by SW 80; gift.
Lawson T. and Hattle M. Fenn to John A.
Mullin lot on E line of Seventh avenue, 150
N of A street, N 25 by E 120; $10.
John and Alameda Jackson to Frank H. A.
and Sophie Jackson, lot 34, Jones Addition to
Fairmount; $10.
Alameda County.
Charles R. Bishop to Juliette C. Lovejoy. lot
on S line of Durar.t avenue, 60 E of Choate
street or Telegraph avenue, E 50 by S 90, being
portion lot 1. block 10, Map of College Home
stead. Berkeley; $10.
Herman and Anna Albers to Eugenie Eus
tachy, lot on E line of Lafayette street, 130 S
of Eagle avenue, S 45 by E 10S. being lot 9 and
S 23 feet lot 10, block 47, Town of Enclnal, Ala
meda; $10.
JIary J. Rycr and J. E. White (by J. B.
Lanktree, commissioner) to Inter Nos Building
and Loan Association, lot on w line of Lafay
ette street. 120 N of San Antonio avenue, N
36. TV" 14S, S 11. E 40, S 25. E 108, to beginning, i
being portion lots i; 2. 3 and 20. block 8. Map
of Bartlett Tract. Alameda; $2500.
Ernest A. and Elizabeth D. Heron to Ethel
L. Nichols, lot on NE line of Moss, formerly
Santa Clara avenue. 241.46 SE of Oakland. SE
BO by XE 150. belns lot 13, block I, Linda Vista
Terrace, map 2. Oakland; $10.
Isabella A. and C. P. Kiel to Martin Sanders,
lot on S line of Thlrty-Bixth street. 166 w of
Grove. W 50 by S 120:3. being lot 12, block C,
map of property of Central Land Company,
Oakland (subject to deed of trust); $10.
Sarch and Thomas P. Henneberry to Central
Bank, lots 13 to 23, block 1, on Whitcher's of
ficial map, Oakland; $10.
Patrick Cahlll to Jennie H. Dougery (wife
of Edward), lot on N line of Parker street,
2?9:2V4 E of Shattuck avenue, E 50 by N 135,
being lot 17. Steele Tract, Berkeley; $10.
WHltam A. Brown to I. J. Truman Jr., lot
beginning at a point at NW corner of lands of
F. K. Buhtel. by deed of July 17, 1883, thence
S alonsr E line of Fruitvale avenue 100, thenc«
S 3S0 to W line of lands of Brassy and family,
formerly known as the Bona Tract, thence NE
100. NW 3S0 to beginning. Brooklyn Township;
$10.
Mary E. Seaton to Horace Scott Beaton, lot
on SE corner of Clinton avenue and Sherman
street, 8 50, E 150, N 50. W 180, to bejlnntnff,
btlng portion Fitch and Sharon Tract, Ala
meda; also' lot on E line of Sherman street, 90
S of Clinton avenue, E to line dividing the
Fitch and Sharon Tract from the Hlbberd
Tract, thence S to a point where said line
would intersect the present S line of Dayton
avenue if extended W to Sherman street, thence
W to E line of Sherman street, thence N to
beginning, being portion Fitch and Sharon
Tract, Alameda; $.10.
Jules Disdier to Rosalie Disdier. lot on S Una
of Clement avenue, 50 E of Oak street, E 50
by S 145, being lots C and D, block 44, on plot
of T. A. Smith resubdlvlslon of map of part
of Mlnturn Tract, Alameda; also lots 32, 33, 34,
47 to 50, block C. Vicente Peralta Reservation
Tract at Temescal, Oakland; gift.
George W. and Anna M. Fletcher to J. L.
N. Shetiard, lot on NE corner of College ave
nue or Audubon street and Dwight way, E 75,.
N 139:11. W 74.72. S 132.64 to beginning, por
tion lot 52, block C. map of portion Berkeley
property. Berkeley: $100.
R. S. and Annie Hines to Peter Wie, all
interest In lot on NE corner of ProsDect ave
nue and East Eighteenth street. N 35 by E 110,
being lot 1, block E; Daly Tract, Brooklyn
Township; $1500.
Pacific Coast Savings Society to Alexander
Johnson, lot on W line of Park street, 110:2*4
S of Buena Vista avenue, S 35:4V4. W 106:3%,
N 35. E 170.60, to beginning, portion lot 12.
block 46. on T. A. Smith's map of blocks 46
and 47. lands adjacent to Enclnal, quitclaim
deed, Alameda; $1.
Harry or Harry C. or H. C. Baldwin Single)
to W. Edward Thomson, lot on E line of Frank
lin street. 50 N of Durant, N 50 by E 125 Oak
land ; $10. '
Percy Baldwin to same, same* $10
Christian A. Jorgensen to Angela Jorgensen.
lot on N line of Sfxteenth street, 125 E of
Grove, E 25 by N 80, block 271, Oakland; gift
E. A.- and Elizabeth D. Heron to George
Lahr, lot on N line of Railroad avenue 90 B
of Adeline street. E 39. N 100. W 29 8*30 W
10. S 70 to beginning, being lot 13, block 637,
Oakland; $10.
John R. Glascock to H.' J. Osther, lots 21 and
22, block 24. on map of North Alameda Tract
formerly known as the Valdez and Glascock
Tract, East Oakland; $300.
Matilda F. Dolg to Mary Ann Brown, lot on
W line of Valdez street, 75 N of Dennlspn N
37:6. W 125. being .portions of lots 3 and 4
block E. Shell Mound Tract, East Oakland; $10.
Benjamin and Elizabeth B. Bangs to Paul
Shoup, lot on E line of Hillegass avenue, 260
S of Parker street, S 50 by E 159.44, being the
S half of lot 52 and N 30 feet ot lot 53 map of
Hillegass property. Berkeley; $1000. .'
Emily Crabb to Addle de Knight, lot 66,
Searles Tract, Brooklyn Township; gift
Sarah R. Harrold to Mary A. Brown, lot on
S line of Monroe or East Sixteenth street 211:9
W of Adeline street or Twenty-sixth avenue,
W 53 by S ; n5. being a portion of lot S block
C, Oak Tree Farm Tract, Brooklyn Township;
$10. . • ¦: ¦•: ¦ ¦¦ ¦-
Ernest A.' and Elizabeth D. Heron to Karl
H. Nickel, lot on SE line of El Dorado avenue
150 SW of Bayo Vista, 8W 75 by SE 125, being
lot 41 and SW 25 feet of lot 42, block F, Linda
Vista Terrace, map 2. Oakland; $10.
George E. Starr (executor of the estate of
Eliza J. Starr) to Elliott B. Davis, lot on SE
line of Fifth avenue. 100 NE of East Ninth
street. NE 37:6 by BE 140. block 9, Clinton,
East Oakland; $637.
Mattle D. and W. S. Taylor to J. S. Nicholas,
lot on N line of East Twenty-flrat street, 139:8.50
E of Twenty- fourth avenue, E 85 by N ¦ 150,
East Oakland; J60a
REAX, ESTATE TRANSACTIONS,
Mrs. Brooks made no declaration of du
tiablfe effects, and when Inspectors Camp
bell and Sackett searched her trunk they
found done -up In- one of her skirts some
dutiable articles of embroidered goods.
She was then turned over to Mrs. S. E.
Adams, customs inspectress, taken into a
private room and searched. Mrs. Adams
found upon her person two embroidered
dresses of Chinese silk. Mrs. Brooks was
very, much agitated, and explained that
she had- put on the dresses for comfort
and that she cculd claim them as part of
her personal apparel, but the inspectress
was of the opinion that Mrs. Brooks had
a sufficient quantity of skirts on for com
fort.- and that she would have to pay duty
on the embroidered dresses. She was ac
cordingly obliged to pay $26 before she
was allowed to take her baggage. The
customs officials forbore arresting her or
seizing and confiscating the dresses, and
they were dumfounded when she said that
the fur tippets were missing after the
search by the customs officers. On the
other hand, the officers denied that the
tippets were there, and as the trunks were
searched in the presence of witnesses and
nothing was taken from them her story
was not believed.
Inspectress Adams says that Mrs.
Brooks in her agitation and embarrass
ment offered her one of the embroidered
dresses and requested her to say nothing
about the discovery.
Mrs. Mildred B. Brooks has a grievance
against the Custom-house way of treating
her when she arrived here on the Govern
ment transport Sherman on August 6,
and she has made complaint to the Secre
tary of the Treasury, charging the cus
toms authorities with having subjected
her to the Indignity of a search of her
person at the hands of Inspectors, and
hinting that some one connected with the
service is responsible for the disappear
ance of two fur tippets of great value
that were among her effects.
Mrs, Brooks while on the voyage across
the Pacific from the Orient expressed her
self in uncomplimentary terms concerning
certain officers of the transport, and upon
her arrival here they Informed the cus
toms authorities that It was their belief
that Mrs. Brooks intended to smuggle a
quantity of silks and other dutiable goods
ashore.
She Hints That Two Fur Tippets
Were Stolen While She Was
Being Searched for
Smuggled Goods.
Accuses Customs Officials
of Grave Discourtesy
Toward Her.
COMPLAINT SENT
BY MRS. BROOKS
TO WASHINGTON
O Warren. Healdsburg
L N Tabler. Cal
J KuIIman. Benida
A Warner. Stockton
L Thompson. Cal
R'Gude. Cal
A L Redlick. Fresno
J Llppraan. Berkeley
G Cohen, Cal
W P Stlnmi. U S A
P F Land^n. Cal
R Bradt. Portland
J West & f. Tucson
Mrs Northcroft. Fresno
Miss Boyd. • Fresno
H McCreary, Kansas C
J Brlseia & w. Cal
E Street. N J
W J Vickery. Cinn
N Nelson. Denver
A J Nasrer £ w. Erie
R Hollabird. L Ans
T H Ramsey. Cal
J S Curtis. Pa
T E Josewskl. Milwke
D B Hart & w, S Rosa
G L More. Angels
H. Martin. N Y
D Mason & w, Sacto
Mrs Boston, S Cruz
J E Bandy. Woodland
L G Ecklow. Cal
Mrs E W Brown. Cal
J Cutter & w. Salt Lie
F Staver. Cal
C Tuttle. Auburn
M E Dailey. S Jose
Mrs Earle. S Jose
Mrs Faul!. S Jose
Mrs Coulter. Nevada,
J Blrney, Fresno
F Werner Jr. Cal
R R Hill. Michigan
A Hearneck, Mich
R Bettner. Riverside
H E Carter. L Ang
Mrs Havlcy. Sacto
Mrs Evans. Sacto
J Mathona. Sacto
TV Zartman & w. Cal
Lieut Gardner, USA
Mrs Gardner. USA
W Phelps & w, Denver
B Zant & w, S Crus
C G Jensors. L Ang .
J Embree &vr. St Louis
C H Newell. Cal
P Montgomery. Angels
PALACE HOTEL
Mrs Warren, Oak
Miss Sepulveda. Oak
A M Bergwin. Chicago
Mrs A Bergwin. Chic
Mrs Greenwood, Chic
Miss Greenwood. Chic
A Chester. N Y
Mrs A Chester, N Y
Amy Chester, N Y
J D Pope. L An*
J W Pratt. Seattle
J C Crimmins Jr. N Y
M L Crimmins. USA
E T Wallace. Yreka
E Katz, Philadelphia
F K Rule, L Ang
C L Marlett, Wash
Mrs C L Marlett, Wash
T A O'Donnell, L Ang
A McClusky & w, Iowa
C Marsden. L Ang
F C Moyer. N Y
I Mrs Morrison, L Ans:
I Miss M K Baker. S C
W H Hanson. Redwood
Mrs W Hanson. Redw
IT J Field. Monterey
Mrs T Field. Monterey
{Miss Field. Monterey
IJ J Habecker. Phil
|F We!s. No Orleans
Mrs Weis. N Orleans
Helen* Weis. N O
iMlse Fiebleman. N O
J S Flebleman, N O
G J McCarthy, Mex
Mr Minzer & w. Ross
W R Hamilton. Stanfd
J W Wilson. Redlands
P Swift, Buffalo
\j C Freeman, Boston
Mrs G Goodman. Napa
Miss N Kellar, Napa
HOTEL AEEIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
THE SAJf FItAKCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, AUGUST 23, 1900.
11
UNITED UNDERTAKERS.
27 and 29 Fifth st. Tel. South 167. i '
I DKEKiL UIBECTORS AND EMBALKERS.
Finest Equipment at Moderate Rates., . ;
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
wuiiTiiKKN iMrinc roarixT.
(rAoiric *Y*rit)t.)
Trmlns Irim- >••¦•! »r«t <«¦•«• I <• itrrit* nl
wasi fr'ttaxriMi-o.
(Main Line, Ffiot of Market Street)
: lsatk — T-iu.it AraisT 13. 1300. — a&kitb
: *7:ooa Benicia. Rulsuii, Elmira, TacaTiUa,
Kumsej ami aamtmeuto r 7»45p
•7iO©a Shasta Kipmw-Haiia. Wi':Usis(.*or
Bartlett Springs). Wi!lo«s, ttait
BiiiC, PorliamL 'JstSp
••:SO* Martinez, Situ i:»ui>n. Vatlejo. Napa,
C&iisi^gii ami ."*ant» j;.m.» *0iI3p
*S:OUa Dub, Woodland. KnighU Landtag.
Mary«7ilie. umvillw «7sl3r
J *»:«»» i AtUnti.- l<:spre»— <>gile» ami Exat •ISi-t.'ip
•H:(»n Nilee, TriC7. Ltohrof, Stcclrton *'J: 13a
*»:.:t»A ciitu .luse, Literiuore, ntuuktun,
lone, hae*a:iir!it<>, PlaceTTUie,
M..vj.«li!-. Cbico, l:-I HiutT HiISp
¦S:3Oa OakiUlf, Chines* <for Yusemite).
Houoni. Carters. •!:! Sr
•1):OO* K.tj w-iri ¦¦». Nile* anil Way Htntlona. * I 1:4.1a
¦U:O»aLcs Angeles Express— M»rtin.w,
Tracy, Latiirop. SMKktou, Metced
Freiiit. »ml Los Angelas "~:l Hr
•O«:io.\ TstMn, Marttuex aim War -Station:* *»i«-1f
• I «:<>«a Th* OTerlaml la. ..Red— Ogdeu, Den-
Ter, Omiiha, Chlcagi "Silir
'IIiOOi Miirs, Stockton, HaerAmcnto, Men-
dota. Fresno. Hantotd. Vlsalla,
lYrOTtiile Mil5 f
•1I:OOa LiTermcre. sailer. Cosh-a Jane
tiua, Biiifrsneld, Los Aageles
•I2:OOm lUjwariil, Nil - and Way MUUoul. *3sl3r
tl:IH>p Sacramento Hiter Stenmer* t3:O»A
•3:«»p Harvard*. Nile* autl \T»y Stations. *-V. ir. e
•4:"»r MartitK-z. Hui lUwon, Va!l«Jo.
X-H-i. f.i!U- , K ... Santa Knsa *»tl.iA
¦JiUOr 15':: kin. Winters. Hacraninnlo,
Woodland, knixhla lauding.
; M.rjBtillc. Or.itiKs •IU:I.T»
•l::tt»p Nile,. Stock'-n *7:l3r
"iii»«rIlM Owl IJraited-Tiacy. Fresno.
Uakeritifolti, Mangus (or tiauia Bar-
bara. Los Augeles. *1O:I.1&
•i*:OOr Stockton .' *0>43±
¦3x4»ur New Orleaot Express— ISakerefletd.
M>"t* llarlwra, l.os Angeles, l>em>
Inf. £1 l'iso. Mew Orleans aud
East
•StftOr Haynards, Nile* and Man Joss •7i4I'»a
tOiOUr Vallejo *•**»«
•«i:OUr Oriental Mail— OgJen, Chejenno.
Omaha, Chicago •12:is» i
*0:00p OrtecUl -Mail— OgJen, Dearer,
Omab*. Chicago. •¦•ilSp
•7tOO» KUes, Tracy. Luhrop. Stocktcn.... »ia«15»
J7:U»r Vallejo. l\,it Cuala and Wsi 8ta-
Uous.... JO:3Sf
*Si«t5r Otecuuaod California ICxprnRn, Mac-
r.in.eur,.. MaostUle. Krt'l.Hug.
ri>rtl»...|. Tiinet So.i.,.1 »n.l Km> •¦ll.">A
COAST IMVIsHM (!Urr«n U*us*).
J (Fool of Mtrket Street.)
$7»4.V* Santa Cnu Excarsi hi {or s»csa
Cruz and Principal Way Stations 19:«3»
•»:I.1a I.'e\v*r'(,<'.-iitrriili<',.Saii.liwe, Krltmi,
ltouk;er(.'reel«,.SaiitaCtuiiiud Wa»
8utiui>» ««ia«r
ta>13r Newark, Centeriillo, Sau Jos«, Ka«
AlmadeD, Fcltou, Ilnultier Creek.
Santa Crux aotl 1'riucipal Waj
Sutlo'is •!•«»•*
MilSp Newark, Mau Jose, Los Gatos t" l!1< »*
q-t ; 1 8r Glenwood. Felton. Mant» Crux «»:3«A
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rooSlI MUCISCO— »Mt «r KarkH Slre«l(S!i>S)—
•7:15 9:00 11:OO».M. {1:C3 •2.33 , I3C3
•1:33 15:33 •8:33r.i«.
FtomlHIUJO- r«l»rBr««i»«».— "«.00 8.00 lO.OOt.M.
t!2:S3 '1:03 12:33 *3:C3 |t:C3 'lC3r.ll.
COAST DITW1OS (ItrnadlJiiiiR*).
(lhlr.l nnU To^nwii.l St».)
1O:IOa Ocean Vlsir, Month Man Francisco.. itttUur
i?;OOA .San Jote a.,1 Way SUtioiii (Now
Alinadrtt We.lnf itUji uniy) *li30r
J7::$Oa Sunday ExcnrsiOD f r Saa Jose.
Hanta Cma. Paciflo Croto aad
Principal Way Stations JS:33*
I *BiOOa Han Jo»o. Tr«» Tinos, Manta frin,
Paeilio (iiu<9. Paso Uohloa, Ha»
I.nla Ol.ini»i. Hurf. Lompoc aud
Prii.cH-al W»» S-itlons MilOp
¦I0i40a Saa Joso and Way iitatlons •<*:;««
*IIs3Ua s.iii.Iii»,.,Loa<:atus:iiid\Vay>Utioi>i *3iUUr
t3:-!3rSaii Mateo, Unawood. Meulo Park.
¦ Palo Alto. Santa Clara, Sa» .loss,
: Tres I'liiOB. Santa Cruz. Sailuas,
Montersy and Pacific GroTe flO>:iO*
?S:S«lp San Jose and Way Stations *7::i»p
M:ISp .Sa.i Jnte ami Principal Way Htatlnns *9:-15a
t3:OOr3an Jo«». Los Gatos aad Principal
WayStatioos t«»««»»A
•3:30p3aDJoa«aii<lPrinclnalWjiyStaUoiii ?•»»»*
**l::i«lp San Jose aud WayHtatiou* ?•:«<•*
tlli4-'»r 8an Joso and Way riuttom •~;3»i»
A Tor Morning P tfcj Afternoon.
; • Daily. t «n.vl«re icxpted J hui.diy ool».
(Saturday only,
a Saturday and Soad»* « Monday only.
! CALIFORNIA N0RTBWE5TEBN RT. Ca
LESSE3
SAB FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
! Tituron Ferry. Foot of Market St.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAX RAFAEL.
' WEEK DATS- 7:30. 9:00. 11:00 a. m. : 12:33.
; 3:30. 5:10. 6:30 p. m. Thursdaya — Extra trip
at 11:30 o. m. Saturdays— Extra tr!"a at V.iti
\ ¦ and 11:30 d. m. ,
i BUJJDAYS— S:CO, 9:30. U:C0 a, m.r l:S>. J:30.
j £:C0, &(2l> D. m.
! SAN* RAFAEL TO SAN FRAN'CISCO.
| "V^EEK DAYS— «;10. 7:50. 9:20, 11:10 a. m.: 13:45.
3:40, 5:15 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at
1:!5 and S:35 d. m.
SUNDAYS— *:10, 9:40. U:10 a. m.; 1:40. 3:40.
5:05. 6:25 D. m.
Between San Francisco and Scnuetzen Park
same schedule as above.
Leave I la" Effect. I Arrive
Ean Francisco. [Apr. 1C. 1900.1 San Francisco.
Week I Sun- I I Sun- I Week"
Days. I days. [ Destination.! days. | Days.
7:30 ami 8:00 sm| Xovato. 10:40 am! S:40 aas
2:30 pra! 9:30 am| Petaluma. 6:C5 prn'10:25 ara
S:13 pm! 5:00 pm. Santa Rosa. 7:35 pra, <:20 pm
Fulton.
7:20 am Windsor. 10:25 am
Healdsburg. ¦
Lytton.
Geyservllle.
3:30 pm 8:C0 am Cloverdale. 7:J3 pm (:20 pm
7:30 ami | Hopland I (10:25 am
«:30 pm| 8:00 ami and Uklah. | 7:35 pro I 6:20 pm
7:30 am '' 10:23 aaa
8:00 an Guernevllle. 7:33 pm
8:30 pm f:M pra
7:33 am 8:00 am Sonoma 9:15 am SMO ara
! and
! 5:10 pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. 8:05 pm! J:20 pm
7:30 aai! S:CO am 113:40 am!19:3S am
S:30 pm! S:CO pm Sebastopol. | 7:33 pm| 6:20 pm
Stajrea connect at Santa Rosa fcr Mark 'West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Fulton
for Altruria: at Lytton for Lytton Springs: at
Geyservllle fcr Skagzs Fprinsrs: at Cloverdal*
for the fS^rsers: at Hopland for Duncan
i Eprlngrs. Highland Springs. Kelseyvllle. Carls-
bad Springs, Soda Bay. Lakpport and Bartlett
Pprlnjra; at Uklah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga
Eprlng9, Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
Eprinss. Upper Lake. Pomo. Potter Valley.
John Day's. Riverside. Uerley"*. Bucknall'a.
Sanhedrtn HeJyhts, Hullvllle, Orr^B Hot
Springs. Blendocino City. Fort Brace. West-
port. Usal. Wlllits, Laytonvllle. Cummins.
Bell's Sprtnss. Harris. O!sen's. Dyer. Scot!*
and Kar»ka-
Saturday to Monday round trio t!cXeta at
reduced rates.
On Sunday round trip tickets to all point"
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket nfflcoa. «S0 Market at.. Cnronlcl* bldz.
K. C. TTHITING. R. X. RYAN.
General Manazer. Gen. Paas. Axrat.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausallto Ferry.
Commencing April 23, 1900.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO JHLL VALLBT
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:00. *8:30, 9:30. 11:00 a. m.1
13:45, «l:4S. S:15. 4:15. *5:13. 8:15. f:tt p. m
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and Saa
Rafael, on Mondays, Wednesdays, Saturdays
and Sundays, at 3:C0 and 11:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 7:C0. 'StOO. *9:*>. •10:00. 11:00. U»
a. m.: 13:45. -1:30. 3:30. *3:45. 5:00. 6:00. 7:2»
p. m.
11:00 a. m. does not run ta San Rafael Sua-
days.
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentln.
FROM SA_tf KAFAEL TO 8A.V FRANCI3CO.
WEEK DAYS— 3:35. *«:30. 7:50. 8:40. -10:15 a.
m.; 12:J0, 1:15. .2:15, *3:3O. 4:30. 8:30 p. m.
EXTRA THIP3 on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at *S:45 and 10:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS— *:15> *S:CO. *»:50. 'UcOOa. m.; 120O
m.; 1:00. 3:15. *3:30. 4:30. *5:45. •:«. 7:S0. 10:»
p. rn.
Trains marked (•) start from San Quentln.
FROM MILL VALLF.Y TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— £:53. *:45. 8:00, 3:5J. 10:30 a.
m.: 12:35. 1:43. 2:45. 3:30. 4:50. 5:» p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdaya
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS-6:35, 8:05. 10:C5, 11:10 a. m.; 13;li
1:20 1:30. 3:45, 4:53. 6:15. 7:05. 10:30 p. m.
THROUGH TRAIN a
7:00 a. rn. week days — Cazadero aad way sta-
tions.
3:15 p. m. Saturdays— Cazadero asd way it*.
tloss.
5:15 p. m. weekdays {Saturdays exc*pted>~
Point Reyes aad way stations.
: 8 :0O a. m. Sundays— Caiadero aad way • ta-
. tlons.
! U:45 p. m. Sundays— Point Rsyes ud wm/
' statlona.
j MOUNT TAMALPAI3 SCENIC EAILWAY
i Leave San Francisco via Sausallto Ferry:
WEEK DAYS. ...9:30 a. m., 1:45 and 5:15 p. nu
SUNDAYS 8. 9. 10. 11 a. m.. 1:30. 3:30 p. m.
Far* San Francisco to Summit and return, tl 40.
NEW TAVERN OF TAMALPAIS NOW OPEN.
f Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
5^|*;i.J'A In ; S3* tor thetr?atmeatot Private
iQJJ+L ¦jtpQt UiscsiSfS, Lcs: ManbcMxl Debility or
45?y2IK!v*wM Iis * >ftse otibcKiy and mlna and
<»I:tSv?*«%i'5i -**!<ln Diaeass-s. Vnt doctorcareawhi.n
tbers ' H "- Try him. Charger low
-^' | S:w*»*'n:>«<'e' '• Callorwrttn
Or. J . *' UiDBUX. tint J937. 6aa i'ranciaco
The Weekly Call.
81 pep Year*
| OFFICES AXD STORES TO LET.
EMMA SPRECKKLS builSinR. 827 Market—
Offices, light and sunny, fl5 to $20 per month;
lleht, heat. Janitor and use of tel. Included.
ECN'XT offlre. 3 rooms «in Market, connecting
S30; 2 on Eddy. ?20. Emery & Smith, 3 Eddy.
TO rent— Modern store; well lighted; 2Cxl*0;
rer.t reasonable. 22S Hayes st.
PHYSICIANS AXD SURGEO.NS. ¦
DR. J. HERBERT REEVE. 26V4 Kearay~BU
cures by electricity Nervous Frost: ation. In-
fomnia. Asthma, nheumatisxn. Paralysis. Ca-
tarrh. Consumption. Kidney, and all mflam- i
matory cases; diseases diagnosed. ;
PR. C. C. O'DONNELL— Office and residence. I
lrciVt Market s>t.. bet. Sixth and Seventh. i
"*— ™ — —^ —^— i j.
I'CltSU.VALS. i
KAO carpets wove to order and for sale: also I
chent'le-wove rug*, cllk portieres; dealer In |
carpet twine. In hank or chain, at lowest
rate*. GEO. MATTHEW?. 709 Fifth. Oakland.
THE HUDSON RIVER CO.,
HOfKE EROS.
Mattresses and ptSowa made to order, re- |
covered and renovated: honest work ifu.ira.n- I
teed: prices defy romj^tiiion: fine upholstery: !
rhrne r^.TJ; factory. «'S and C20 Eleventh St.:
r.rst-cl»«s c'.eanir.g and dyeing. 403 Sutter St..
San Franisco.
WHY BUFFER?
Persons aff.iot^d with Rheumatism (no mat- j
tPr ot how lo:iK landing), cr any other chronic j
disease, rhouM call at ence at the SANS
SOUCI. liC# Van N*ss ave.— the up-to-date In- |
«itution for treatment. We have 25 yt-ars'
experience. Charges reasonable.
FLnOTRlC lights in every room — Winchester J
Hotel, 44 Third St.. r.ear Market: TOO rcoms;
i:.c to $1 Sa rer n'ght; Jl :,Q to $6 per week;
free "bus and bag-gsts* to and from the f«>rry. j.
h> LEDEKER. the popular hairdresser, gives you
the latest and nobbiest styles for only 13c;
switches $1 up. G. LEDERER, 123 Stockton.
MME. ADA. S4 Kearr.y. 47 Post, office 10-11; If
eick. suffering from any cause, see this -won-
derfully gifted healer; she will cure you.
INSTITUTE of Science; eupgestlve therapeu-
tic*: magnetic healing; personal magnetism;
hypnotism. Prof. Fisher, instructor. fl7 Masn.
EUITS to order on Installments: J15 upward; !
tl a week. LEON* LEMOS. Ill" Market St.. j
between Seventh and Klghth.
FILES— 3C-0 permanent cures in San Francisco,
who can be seen: no operation: no pain; par-
ticulars sent. Ad. Physician, box ISoO. Call.
LEDERER'S Qulntonlca hair tonic Is the only j
rerr.edy for falling hair; 35c bottle. !
PRIVATE detective work: reasonable rates; 10 |
years' experience. J. B. RAY, 3.'>T Jessie st.
FREE, "Valuable Remedy" for rheumatism; j
free. "Retired Nurse." 15S1 Market, nr. 11th. j
LHDEREK'S Foarno Sharr.r^o cleanses and |
sweetens the hair; 5c package; try it once.
MME. B. R. GROVE. 34 Keamy. room 12— !
Healer; treat* chronic diseases successfully.
HAIR Quickly curled cr ¦waved by using Tal- !
cctt's curlinjr fluid; 25c bottle; druggists. :
I-ADIES' and g-ents' cast-off clothlnrr bought & I
fold. Sllvennan, 9M Folpom: tel. Folsom UIL |
WASTED- Old-rathicned silver, brass, copper I
ware: curios, all descriptions. EI5 rhipont Et. j
PI 'ITS to on!er en c-asy payments. Art Tailor-
ing Co., Examiner building, room 407. ]
ALFREDT'MS Eeyp'ian Henna* restores yray i
hair to Us natural color; $1, at all druggists.
CAST-OFF clothinp. old cold and silver bought; '
ser.a postal. I'OLEiiA.VS. im Kearny st.
PROPERTY WANTED.
WANTED — Income or unimproved city (S. F.)
property; must, be chean. SPECK &. CO.. €€7
Market st. J
HEAL ESTATE CITY — FOR SALE, i
EOL GETZ A- BROTHER.
ROOM A. CROCKER BUILDING.
HEADQrAItTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
Take Advantage of the Very Low Prices'. Don't
Fail to See Us Before Buying:
f35fl to SSOO — Choicest Sunset lots, near new
Music Stand; ready to build on; J10 monthly.
$150 to $T50 — Choice Richmond lot* for build-
ing; {10 monthly.
$75 to C50— On Mission st. and San Mateo car
line; only 15 monthly payments.
JS*} to I10OO— For email cottares; splendid lo-
tions; near cars; payments same as rent.
Call for Maps and Diagrams.
BOL GETZ & BROTHER,
ROOM A. CROCKER BUILDING.
fTTTO— THREE new modern Cats, with marble
rtepf. frescoed ceil!njr§. etc.. In the best rent-
Ing section of the city; 1 block from Haight-
rt. cars, on Waller st.. near Pierce; rents J363
per year; easy terms.
12200— HOUSE of E rooms and bath for eale.
S24 York et. >
MODERN houses built; lowest prices; plans and
estimates furnished Campbell. 1147 Mission.
REAL ESTATE — COUNTRY — For Sale j
FOR sale or exchanre In one of the best coun-
try towns In Etate consisting of half Intereet
In principal brick corner; G0xl40; containing
6 etore«; also 2 cottages in town; ail rented;
reasons of selling business In city; snap for
parties desiring: country property. Box 1976,
Call ornoe.
I1P.00O-A FINE bearing vineyard of 33 acres;
th« crop ready in eix weeks; estimated at
J2500; district fr*e of frost and free of dis-
ease: 2V» miles from Cloverdale: winery, ca-
raclty of 70.000 eallons; this place wants ln-
•pection to b« fully appreciated; will not be
for 6a!e after the 1st o( September. Address
T. J. P.. 344 Cloverdale.
FOR sale — Farm. 160 acres; 80 acres cultivated;
balance suitable for farming; vineyard, or-
chard, new house and cellar; 2 miles from
Grass Valley; will 9*\\ \-exy cheap account of
age. HENRY PERSCHON, Grass Valley. CaL
S3ILI>D>«'B BEACH for Eale: finest summer ra-
eort property on Pacific Coast; including cot-
tage* anfl hotel. 900-acre ranch, horses, cattle,
farmlnr utensils: well watered. GEO. DIL.
1XDN, Tomales. Msrln County. Cal.
PRINTED list: farms and city property sold
and exchangp/1. M. GRIFFIN. 718 Market st.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL. ESTATE. i
W3OO— A JCiiw 6-room cottage; connected with
gas and water mains; street work all done;
electric cars paes the property; cash or in-
stallment*. Apply to MASON* & McLENA-
THEN. adjoining P. P., Berkeley.
EAFE investment for r7E0O; block of land favor-
ably located near comtnr Sanu Fe Railroad.
Partlcnlars C.WILLMOTT. »16 Market M.,3 F.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE — 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
tlfW) — THIS week only; £0x14$; north side of
MTrtniac. near Telegraph: professional men,
look at this. BELDE.V & COOK. Washington
and 14th.
CONTRACTORS and ec-eculators— We have for
vaJe 200x100 fe«t. one block from Ash by sta>
tion. east of Adeline; no reasonable oCer will
be refused for this property; must be sold.
EELDEN & COOK. Washington and 14th. ;
J500— A 2-STORY. 7-roora house, with lot 40x
V<0; on runny «lde; near Piedmont ave.; is this
cheap enough? BELDEX &. COOK. Wash-
ington an) 14th.
$250 CASH, balance at 8 per cent; new 2-»tory
house cf 8 rooms; porcelain bath and sink;
open plumblnsr; location exc«Jlent. BEL-
DEN & COOK, Wa&hington and 14th.
16500— A HANDSOME *home on Harrison et.,
near 34th; lot fcOxJM; will exchange for San
Francisco property. BELDEN t & COOK,
Washington and 14th.
$2900— AN S-room finely finished story and a
haif dwelling; efcnny Bide; near Lafayette
School: 5 minutes to 14th and Broadway;
lanre lot; terms. BEX^DHN as COOK. *Vatfc-
iiigton and l'th sts.
$1M CAEH, balance itJ per month; new 2 -story
house, 8 rooms; modern throughout; near lo-
os; trains and car lines. EELDEX Sz COOK.-
Washington tnd 14th.
12S0 CAEH. $10 monthly; neat cottage of 4 lar,jo
rocrn*; "-foot basement; veranda all around;
barn. well, eome shade trees, l\k acres Al
land; all fenced: lays fine; entire price {1250;
land alone is worth the money.
125 caeh. 119 monthly; 1 acre choice orchard;
assorted fruit Jn fine bearing; price SCTai Fruit-
vale, adjoining East Oakland, closa to a fine
school., two electric car lines; away from tegm
And raw wind*; call or send for circular. 4m
Seventh St.. Oakland; carriage free. H. Z.
JONHS. owner.
1K,<J- FOE sale; best bargains in Oakland: 4-
room cottage, bathroom, pantry, hot and cold
water, laundry and shop; lot 2SxS0. 1S0S Pe-
V ralta *t.. betmeen Fifteenth anfl Sixteenth,
4. T.est Okaland. , -; - ¦
*l ACRES to rent' near Oakland; rich land,
with buildings, tools, wagons an4 stock.
PAI.SBURT. 43 Ninth t»t. Oakland.
OAKLA.VD FCn\ITCRB KOIl SALE.
AN Introduction to you from H. Schelihaas. the
Xurclture dealer, 11th and Franklin, Oakland.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
AT 62 Second— LlehTlTolis^e^plnVrirr&b^to^irso
per Bk.; r.ingle and double, $1 to %i 50 per wk.
EDDY. C04— Sunny corner suite of rooms, kitch-
en, jras range; running water; complete for
housekeeping.
FIFTH. 34?-Suite of rooms; furnished for
housekeeping:: choap.
KOLSOM, S34 — Larpe sunny front bay-window
room, kitchen, bath; private; $3 per week.
HAMPTON place, 19. oft FoUom. bet. Second
and Third — ( rooms; sunny: bath.
HOWARD, 1063Vs — Two connecting housekeep-
ing rmg., furn., $S; also double and sin. rms.
LARGE furnished parlor and dining room,
kitchen and large bedroom; all conveniences;
• ljse to broad and narrow gautre stations.
2101 Central ave., Alameda.
MARKET. KIS— Large light room; connecting
Idtchen: furnished; folding bed; gas; $10.
MISSION, 946— A large front room and kitchen,
complete for housekeeping.
XATOMA. 2S4. near Fourth— 2 furnished house-
keeping rooms; water; sink; closet.
O'FARP.ELL, 742— Two or three neatly fur-
nished rooms for housekeeping, $11 to '$20.
VAN XESS, 402— Front bay-window suite, new-
ly furnished; complete for housekeeping; gas
range.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore St.*
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia et.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In the
T'nitfd States or Canada one year for $1.
KOOMS TO LET — Furn. and Untnrn.
A— BRUNSWICK HOUSE, US Slxth^Rooms
25c to Jl p<?r night, $1 25 to $5 per week, and
licht housekeeping; open all niuht.
BOHEMIA. 239 Post— Finest sunny suites in
city for families and gentlemen; all conveni-
ences; special accommodation for tourists.
BURNETT. 14:6 Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-
r.ishcd rms., suites, single; also unfurnished.
BUSH, 520— Nicely furn. sunny rooms;$l 50 to $7
•n-k.; Kc to $1 DO night. MRS. P. RANFT.
BUSH. 1030, r.ear Jones— Sunny rooms, newly
furn'shed. cr unfurnished, with board; refs.
ESSEX place, 1, off Essex St., Rincon Hill—
3 unfurnished rooms; hot and cold water;
bath.
FIFTH. 353— Sunny furnished single rooms, $4
and $5 per month.
FOLSOM. 965. cor. 6th (The Oliver)— New fur-
nished sunny rms, single or suites; reasonable.
GILBERT, 23^— To let. furnished front room
for temperate working man, $4 per month.
GJ^AND SOUTHERN", southeast corner Seventh
and Mission sts. — Sunny rooms, en suite or
single; ladies' parlor; reading-room; elevator.
HOTEL Francisco— Elegant suites; single; tran-
sient; baths. MUS. KING, Turk and Taylor.
HOWARD, 82*— Ror.ms from SI week up to $5;
2Cc to Jl night; also housekeeping rooms.
I HOWARD. 9S9, cor. €th— Orlando House— New
I management; furnished rms.; suites or single.
I HYDE, 4 OS— Sunny front basement suite, with
j c.>al stove: yard: complete for hskpg. ; $15.
: LARKIN. HM— Sonny suit, furnished. $12; sunny
i back bedroom and kitchen. J10; large front, ?S.
! LAS PALMAS, 1820 Market St.— Suite of 2 or 3
I rms. ; private; bath; sin. rms. ;'board optional.
MASON. 21?— Newly furnished rooms for gen-
tlemen; chea:> rent.
MINNA. S14 — Nicely furnished front rooms; rea-
sonable.
j MINNA. CST. corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room. Jl per week: transient.
I . ,
O'FARRELL, 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; electric lights; day, wk.,mo.
O'FARRELL, 129A— Nicely furnished sunny
rooms by day, week or month.
O'FARRELL. 742— Nicely furnished sunny quiet
rooms, en suite or single; gas. bath, phone.
POST. 711— Large furnished front room for 2;
running water; closet: also single room.
POWELL. 123. "The Rossln"— Chansred hands;
furnished rooms. MISS J. MALLETT; phone
black 4341.
POWELL. €12A — Large sunny room, neatly fur-
nished, and others; reasonable.
ROSEDALE House. 319 and 321 Ellis st.— Rooms,
night 25c to SI. week Jl 25 to $4; open nleht.
ROTAL HOUSE. 126 Ellis St.— Incandescent
light; reading room, smoking room and ladies"
parlor; rooms, per night, S5c to $1 50; week, $2
to JS; month. $S to 120; elevator on office
floor; rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 28 Eighth St.,
near Market — Furnished or unfurnished.
SIXTH. 136— Furnished sunny rooms*; single or
suites; also rooms for light' housekeeping.
STOCKTON, place. 10, oft Grant ave.— Fur-
nlFhed rooms, double or single; also kitchen.
TAYLOR. 512— Neatly furnished room for gen-
tleman. JC t>er month.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
Bubscriptiona has been established at 1036
Valencia st.
ROOMS AND BOARD.
ALMORA. corner Twentieth and Mission sts.—
Beautifully furnished suites or single rooms;
all modern conveniences; excellent table;
terms moderate.
HOTEL Sutherland. 791 Sutter st. ; choice loca-
tlon; sunny rooms with board; first-class with
every convenience.
A WEEK'S r.ewg for 5 rents— The Weekly Call,
16 pages, in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pages, in wrapprr. for mailing. Jl per year.
SPECIAL .\OTICES.
LADIES— Cnichester's English Pennyroyal Pills
are the best; safe, reliable; take no other:
*end 4c stamps for particulars. "Relief for
Ladles." In letter by return mall; at drug-
gists. Chlchester Chemical Co.. Philadrl., Pa.
ROOMS papered from 12 50; whitened. Jl up;
painting done. Hartman Paint Co.. 319 Third.
BEST stamp photos and buttons on earth.
PORE, 138) Market st.. above Jones.
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO.
. 415 Montgomery St., rooms 9-10; tel. 55S0.
CHEAPEST and beet In Amerlea-The Weekly
Call. 16 nages, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for jl
postage paid.
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES^
WILSON" BRoirr~storaKe. 'and^lnovln^Pcovered
vans. Tenth and Market; phone South 762.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Fillmore St.: phone Jackson 281. •
BEKIKS Van and Storage Co.. 722 Mission st. ;
tel. Main 1840— Packing, moving and storage.
SEWIXG MACHINES AXD SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought, sold and repairing guaran-
teed Chas. Plambeck. 1915 Mission, nr. 15th.
ALL kinds bought, eold, exchanged, rented:
rennlring at lowest rnt»y. 20H Fourth at.
TYPEWRITERS AXD SUPPLIES.
GREAT I^RGMNTTN^rr^EWRITER^We'
eell better machines for less mor-ey thin any
houFe Jn the city; rentals. *3. The Typewriter
Exchange. 126 California, telephone Main 26B.
ALWATS bargains In typewriters: any make.
Write for prices to L. & M. ALEXANDER.
110 Montgomery st.
NEW typewriters. J5> down. $3 month payments.
REVALK. 409 California *t. '
DIVIDEND XOTICES.
DIVIDEND Notice— Divldend^'TJoTTi^'TiocPper
share) of the Oceanic Steamship Company
will be payable at the office of the company,
S27 Market Ft., on and after Saturday, Sep-
tember 1. 1300. Transfer books close on Sat-
urday, August 25, 1900, at 12 m.
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
MABKIAGE LICENSES. :
The following marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday:
Rafallo Lottl, 22, 154S Dupont street, and Co-
lomba Lend. IS. 1548 Dupont street.
Arthur A. Is'ewhall, 24. Belmont, and Rosa
L Barger, 23, Myrtle Point, Or. .
Eugene Mltrchler. 2?, 165 Bay street, and
Marie Keck, 28, 166 Bay street.
August F. Brauer, 3$. 646 Sutter street, and
Bertha B. Welsn, 19, 546 Sutter street.
George Warren, 26, Waverly, ,Tenn., and Ollle
Wylle. 18, 2234H Greenwich street.
William V. McLean. 23, 8327 Twenty-fifth
street, and Maud J. HArper. 24. 2222 Union st.
Bernhard > Wallensteln. 31, 703 Geary street,
and Helene Morgenstmi. 24. 703 Geary etreet.
" BIRTHS— MARRIAQES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be handed
j n a t either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
eons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
ETHEIC— In this city, August 19, 1900. to the
wife of Joseph Ethen. a son.
WETHERBEK— In this city, August 21, 1900, to
the wife of H. E. Wetherbee, a daughter.
OCEAN TRAVEI*
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
p.. • Steamers leave Broadway
>v wharf, San Francisco:
WS-__ For Alaskan Ports— 11 a.
l*£*?5l*V m - August 24, 29. Sept. 3.
|f«isJgCj£^k Change to company's steam-
tW^Sul Fcr Victoria. Vancouver
l^iS<S#M (I>> - C)> pnrt Townsend, Se-
r^^"3»gji^*i att!-\ Tacnma. Everett. Ana-
cortes^ and New Whatcom
(Wash.) — 11 a. m.. August
24, 29, Sept. 3, and every fifth day thereafter.
Change at Seattle to this company's steamers
for Alaska and G. N. R'y: at Seattle or Ta-
coma to X. P. R'y; at Vancouver to C. P. R'y.
For Eureka, Humboldt Bay— 2 p. m., August
26. 31. Sept. 5, and every fifth day thereafter.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey, San Simeon, Cayu-
cos. Port Harford (San Luis Oblspo). Gavlota. "
Santa Barbara. Ventura", Hueneme. San Pedro,
East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and Newport — 9 i
a. in.. August 23. 27. 31. Sept. 4. and every I
fourth day thereafter. j
For San Diego. stopplr.K only at Port Har- j
fcrd (San Luis Obispo). Santa Barbara. Port
Los Angeles and Bedondo (Los Angeles)— 11
a. m., August 25, 29, Sept. 2, and every fourth
day thereafter.
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay. San Jose del |
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosa-
lia and Guaymas (Mexico)— 10 a. m., 7th of
each month.
For further Information obtain company's
folders.
The company reserves the right to change
steamers, sailing dates and hours of sailing
without previous notice.
TICKET OFFICE— 4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel). i
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO., Gen. Agents. !
10 Market St., San Francisco. |
THF 0, R. & N. HO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
Frcm Spear-street 'Wharf at 11 A. M.
FAR C S12 f |rst Class 'n.iuding Berth '
rHIlu $8 Second Clcss and Meals. j
STATE OF CALIFORNIA sails
August 31
COLOMBIA sails August 26. Sept. 5 j
Short line to Walla Walla, Spokane, Butte,
Helena and all points In the Northwest, i
Through tickets to all points East. ;
E. C. WARD. General Ascent. ¦ i
630 Market St.
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO..
Superintendents.
TOYO KISEN KAMA,
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m..
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for In-
dia, etc. No cargo receded on board on day
, of sailing.
SS. HONGKONG MARU
.....Wednesday, August Z), 1900
ES. NIPPON MARU
Saturday. September 22. 1900
SS. AMERICA MARU.. Wednesday. Oct. 17, 190o
I Via Honolulu.
Round-trl? tickets at reduced rates. For
: freight and passage apply at company's office,
421 Market street, corner of First.
W. H. AVERT, General Agent.
AMERICAN LINE
gtV Y0HK. 80UT3AHPT0H. LOND0S. PARIS
StoDDing at Cherbourg, ¦westbound.
From New York Every Wednesday, 10 a. m. j
New York....Aufni8t 29 New York Sept. 19
St. Paul Sept. 8 St. Paul SeDt. 28
St. Louis Sept. 12 St. Louis Oct. 3
RED STAR LINE.
New York rnd Antwerp.
From New York Every Wednesday, 12 noon.
Noordland ...August 22| Westernland ...Sept. 12
KrieRland August 20| Kensington Sept. 19 !
Southwark Sept. 5 Xoordland . Sept. 28 I
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO.,
30 Montgomery Street.
COMPAONIE 6EHEBALB THAN8ATLAHTI3UE.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS.
Sailing every Thursday, Instead of <Tff^>
Saturday, from November 2, 1S39. at *¦"**"*•
10 a. m.. from Pier 42. North River, foot of
Morton street. LA TOl'RAIXE, Ausrust 3»:
L'AQUITAINE. Sept. 6; LA BRETAGNE.
Sept. 13; LA LORRAINE. Sept. 20. First claps
to Havre. $S2 50 and. upward. Second class to
Havre. $55 and upward: 5 per cent reduction on
round trip. GENERAL. AGENCY FOR
UNITED STATES and CANADA. 32 Broadway
(Hudson buildlnj.'). New York. J. F. FUGAZI
& CO., Pacific Coast Agents, 5 Montgomery
avenue, San Francisco.
OCEANIC 8. S. CO HOXOLinc APIA
AUCKLAND AND SYDNEY.
S. S. MARIPOSA (via Honolulu) to New
Zealand and Australia Wed., Sept. 5, 8 p. m.
u D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO.. Art*, M Montgomery
Pier 7. Foot Pacific SL Freight OClce. 327 Markst St.
KOSMOS LINE fj^zHiHI
ABYDOS ....4000 tons
Monthly Sailing for Valparaiso and Hamburg,
via Mexican ports. Central and South
America, etc.
S. S. Tanls. 4500 tons, sails about August 29
J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO., Agents.
Ill Montgomery st. Pier No. 7— Freight office,
S27 Market st. San Francisco. ¦
BAY AND RIVER STEAMERS.
FOR U. S. HAVY YARD AND VALLEiO.
Steamer "Montlcello."
MON.. Tues.. Wed., Thura. and Sat. at 9:45
a. m., 3:15, 8:30 p. m. (ex. Thurs. ni?ht); Fri-
days, 1 p. m. and 8:30: Sundays.. 10:30 a. m., g
p. m. Landing and offlre. Mission-street Dock,
Pier No. 2. Telephone Main 1305.
FARE 50c
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
SANTA FE ROUTE
TRAINS.
MARKKT-STREET FERRT. ' j
Leave; OrerUnd: Dally for Chica- Arrive:" <
go, Kansas City. Denver '
aad all Eastern points. I
El Paso. City of Mex-
:»;--. 1 : ; to>, Prescott and Phoe-
nix. Ariz.. " B&kersneld.
t a. ex. Visalia, Tulare, Han- » p. m.
ford, Fresno, Merced,
Stockton. Antioch. Stand-
ard and Tourlat Sleep-
ers to Chicago. Dinlnu
car between Stockton
rc.'.Z'i- and Bakersfield.
Stockton Local: For San
4:10p.m. -Pablo. Pinole, Mulr, Bay U:0Sa.m.
Point. Cornwall. Antl-
. \ och and Stockton.
. Bakersfield Local: For San
Pablo. Pinole. Mulr. Bay
Point. Cornwall. Antl-
1p.m. och. . Stockton. Merced. 8 a. m.
Fresno. Hanford, Visa-
lia; Tulare and BaRtrs-
field. Sleepers to Fresno
I and , Bak^rsfiold. *
TICKET OFFICES: «28 Market st.
Ferry Depot, foot of Market ft.. San Francisco.
U1S Broadway, Oakland.
CyFuneral services /will be held this day
• (Thursday), at 1 o'clock, under the auspices
of George II. Thomas Post. O. A. R., 320
Post street. .Interment private. .
SILBERSTEIN'-In this city, August' 22, 1900.
Samuel, beloved husband of the lato Ernestine
Siibrrstein, a native of Posen, Germany, aged
66 years. (Philadelphia papers please copy.)
ETTrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the parlors of
H. F. Suhr & Co.. 1137 Mission street, be-
tween Seventh and dghth. Interment Salem
Cemetery, via 10:30 o'clock train from Third
and Townsend streets.
SKELTON-In this city, August 22, 1900, Mrs.
Honerltte Skelton, a native of Germany, aged
60 years.
STONE— In this city, August 22. 1900, ¦Walter
Everett Stone, beloved husband of Rosina M.
Stone, and father of Mrs. J. F. Stranahan and
Adeline Ashley Stone, a native of West Point,
N. Y., aged 42 years 5 months and 15 days.
WALSH— In this city, August 21, 1900. Edward,
husband of the late Catherine Walsh, and
[CyKriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 10 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, CSS Fulton street, near Buchanan. In-
terment Hills of Eternity Cemetery, via elso-
tric funeral car from Fourteenth and Valen-
cia streets. Please. omit flowers. ¦ .
SCHENCK— August 19, 1900, W. T. Y. Schenck,
In the 66th year of his, 'age. i
E7"The funeral will take place this day
iThursday), at 9 o'clock, from her late- resi-
dence, 1635 Bush street, thence to the Church
of Notre Dame des Victoires, Bush street,
where a requiem mass will be celebrated for
the repose of her soul, commencing at 9:30
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
PRINCE— In this city, August 21, 1900, Rachel
Prince, dearly beloved mother of Mrs. D. S.
Crown, Mrs. L. Kahn and Mrs. I. Label, a
native of Schocken. Germany, aged 74 years
1 month and 7 days. - .
CTFriends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral this day (Thursday), at 10:30
o'clock, from her late residence, thence to All
Saints' Church, where a solemn requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
soul, commencing at .11 o'clock. Interment
Haywardu Cemetery.
PATTEX-In this city, August 22. 1900, Olive
Patten, sister of Mrs. E. Tobey, Mrs. Alice
Higglns and Charles Patten, a native of
Maine.
PAYMAL— In this city, August 21. 1900, Mrs.
Jeanne Paymal. grandmother of Clotllde and
George Paymal. a native of Dijon, France,
aged So years 7 months and 27 days. (Virginia
City papers please copy.)
CT'Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 10 o'clock, from the parlors of
Castagnetto & Ravenna, 643-645 Vallejo street.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery. Remains at
the parlors of Castagnetto & Ravenna, 643-645
Vallejo street.
O'NEILL— In Haywards; August 2L 1900. Mary
F., beloved wife of the late Assemblyman
Hugh J. O'Neill, daughter of Mrs. Catherine
M. and the late Henry Cincock. and sister of
Mrs. Annie S. Reardon, a native.of San Fran-
cisco, ased 2S years.
E?'Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 2:30 o'clock, from the home of
her parents, 133 Monte Vista avenue, near
Fabiola Hospital, Oakland. Take Mountain
View car at Broadway broadgauge or Web-
ster street narrow-gauge stations. Interment
Mountain View Cemetery.
MEDINA— In this city, August 21, 1900, Refl-
JIo Medina, dearly beloved daughter cf Apo-
lonla Luna, and stepdaughter of David Mar-
tinez, a native of Pan Francisco, aged 17
years 1 month and 17 days.
(n?"The funeral will take place this day
(Thursday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of his niece. Mrs. Arthur O'Leary. 120
Townsend street, thence to St. Rose's Church,
where services will be held for the repose of
his scul at 2 o'clock. Interment Mount Cal-
vary Cemetery.
KIP.BY— In this city, August 22. 1900, Charles,
beloved husband of Martha A. Kirby, and
father of Charles W., Reuben "W., Ernest M.
and William K. Kirby, a native of Dublin,
Ireland, aged 45 years and 4 months.
McDERMOTT— In this city. August 22, 1900,
Joseph L., beloved son of Lawrence C. and
Mary McDermott, a native of San Francisco,
aged 10 months and 22 days.
MACFARLAN'E— In Oakland. August 22, 1900,
Margaret Crawford, beloved daughter of Wil-
liam Johnston and Alice Beatrice Macfarlane,
a native of Glasgow. Scotland, aged a years
2 months and S days. (Vancouver papers
please copy.)
ICTThe funeral will take place this day
(Thursday), at 9:30 o'clock, from his late
residence, 1114 Powell street, thence- to St.
Mary's (Paullst) Cnurch, corner California
and Dupont streets, where a solemn requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose o& his
soul, commencing at 10 o'clock. Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery.
KIDNEY— In this city, August 21, 1D00. John
Kidney, beloved brother of the late Timothy
Kidney, and beloved uncle of Mrs. Arthur
O'Leary and John. Joseph and Mamie Kid-
ney, a native of Queenstown. County Cork,
Ireland.
E^"Frienils and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 1 o'clock, from the residence of
her parents, 1006 Natoma street.
JOYCE— In this city. August 20. 1300, James
Joyce, beloved father of Mamie and Thomas
Joyce and Mrs. T. F. Hay den. a native of
County Mayo, Ireland.
CFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 10 o'clock, from the parlors of
the Gantner & Guntz Undertaking Company,
1209 Mission street, between Eighth and
Ninth. Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
JAMISON— In this city, August 21, 1900. Helen
F., beloved daughter of Wallace and Mary
Jamison, and sister of May, Myrtle and Alex-
indrina Jamison, a native of San Francisco,
aged 1 year and 6 months.
tryRemalns at the parloi-s of J. C. O'Connor
& Co.. 767 Mission street. Notice of funeral
hereafter.
HORIGER— In this city, August 20, 1900, Albert
HoriKer, dearly beloved son of Mrs. George
Horiger, beluved brother of Edward Horiger
of Columbus, Ohio, Julius Horiger of Florida
and Mrs. Eliza Withoft and Mrs. Laura Jone.j
of Columbus, Ohio, and uncle of J. R. Jones
of San Francisco, a native of Columbus, Ohio,
agred 50 years and 3 months. (Columbus,
Ohio, papers please copy.)
CCTNotlce cf funeral hereafter.
DENAHY— In this city, August 20, 1900, Sadie,
clearly beloved daughter of Matilda and the
late Cornelius Denahy, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 9 years and 9 months.
ELBERG— In Nome City. Alaska, August 5,
1900, Louis, beloved son of Annie and Samuel
Elberg. and brother of Mrs. M. H. Levy and
Sol, Leah. Abe, Isadore. Dora and Goldte El-
berg, a native of Liverpool, aged 23 years and
S> months.
FRAGOZO— In this city, August 21, 1900, Ra-
faela Fragozo, dearly beloved mother of Mrs.
J. T. Badgly, and grandmother of Mrs. H. J.
Daggett, a native of Morella, Mexico, aged
£1 years 2 months and 24 days.
t^ Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 9 o'clock, from the parlors of
Valonte, Marini & Co.. 1524 Stockton street,
thence to Ygrlesla de Nuestra Senora de Gua-
dalupo (Spanish Church), where a solemn re-
quiem high mass will celebrated for the repose
of her soul, commencing at 10 o'clock, thence
by 11:30 o'clock train to Holy Cross Cemetery.
HAYES— In Auburn, August 22, 1900, Thomas
Hayes, brother of Miss Hayes, and uncle ot
Michael and Mary Stack and Mrs. J. Lane
of Sacramento, a native of Kenneigh. Caher-
civeen. County Kerry, Ireland, aged 55 years.
in?"Frlends and acquaintances and member*;
or Company K. League o£ the Cross Cadets,
are respectfully invited to attend the funeral
this day (Thursday), at 9 o'clock, from his
late residence, 3531 Sanchez street, thence to
8t. Paul's Church. Twenty-ninth and Church
streets, where a requiem mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of his soul at 9:30
o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
ANDERSON— In Charleston, S. C. August 21,
1900. Lizzie L. Anderson (nee Kueck). dearly
beloved wife of Henry E. Anderson, dearly
beloved daughter of Mrs. Dora Grube of
Omaha, Xehr.. dearly beloved mother of
Albert II., Hazel I. and the late George F.
Anderson, and dearly beloved and only sis-
ter of Mrs. Fred Brinkman of San Francisco
and Charles Kueck, a native of New York
City, aged 27 years 10 months and 7 days.
ASHEK— la this city, August 22, 1900, Asher
F. Asher, beloved father of Mrs. E. Elllnger,
Mrs. George J. Levey and Rose, Beckte, Jake,
William, Dan and Phil Asher, a native of
Inowrazlaw, Prussia, aged 6G years.
E7"Notlce of funeral hereafter.
BAHN— In this city. August 22, 1900, Sarah J.,
beloved daughter of Louis and Mary Bahn,
a native of San Francisco, aged 1 year and 4
months.
BARRETT— In this city, August 22. 1900. Ed-
ward Barrett, a native of Ireland, aged 81
years.
BLASER— In this city, August 22, 1900, J. C.
Elaser.
(CyFriends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral services this day (Thursday),
at 11 o'clock, at her late residence, 220 Wash-
ington street.
ALLEN— In this city. August 21. 1SO0, John G.
n. Allen, son of Cassandra L. Allen and the
late John G. Allen, and brother ot Harry I.
and James D. Allen, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 22 years 6 months and 23 days.
AHTYE-In this city. AuRiist 21. 1900. Alice
Ahtye, a native of La Pcrte, Cal., aged 22
years.
DIED.
Ahtye, Alice McDermott, Jos. L.
Allen, John G. R. Macfarlane, Margaret
Anderson. Lizzie L. Medina. Refijla
Asher, Asher F. O'Neill, Mary F.
Bahn. Sarah J. Patten. Olive N -
Barrett. Edward Paymal, Mrs. Jeanne
Blaser, J. C. Prince. Rachel
Denahy. Sadie Schenck. W. T. Y.
Elbers. LouiB Sllbersteln, Samuel f
Frag-ozo. Rafaela Skelton. Heneritte
Hayes. Thomas Stone. Walter E.
Horiger. Albert Walsh, Edward
Jamison. Helen F. Welspiel. Kreseny
Joyce. James White. Mrs. Kaic
Kidney, John Wilson, EJrnund
Kirby, Charles
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 11 o'clock, from the parlors
of Halsted & Co., S46 Mission street. Inter-
ment private. '
JAMES F. O'BRIEN. Secretary. ,
WELSPIEL— In this city, August It, 1900.
Kreseny Welspiel, beloved wife of the late
William Welsulel, and sister of John. Os-
wald and r>utan Deil and Elizabeth Mayer
and Teres Scheglh. a native of Germany, a^eu
•2'i years and 7 months. - ? \ . . .
IE?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funertil to-morrow
(Friday), at 9 o'clock, from the parlors of
the California Undertaking Company, thence
to St. Anthony's Church for services, com-
mencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
WHITE— In this city. August 22, 1900, Mrs.
Kate White, beloved mother of Roy, Bert,
Emmet and Mack Peak -White, a native of
Iowa, ared 55 years.
WILSON— In this city, August 21. 1900, Ed-
mund Wilson, a native of Camden, Me., aged
70 years 5 months and 27 days.
father of Fanrie. Mary.and Bella Walsh and
the late Mrs. B. J. Burr, a native of Ire-
land, ased 77 years.
(CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 9 o'clock. Irom his late resi-
dence, 1519 Sacramento street, thence to St.
Mary's Cathedral, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repoBe of his aoul.
commencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery-
MEMBERS of the Knights of St. Patrick are
requested to meet at 1519 Sacramento street
this day (Thursday), at 8:45 o'clock, for the
purpose of attending the funeral of our late
brother. Edward "Walsh.
RICHARD C. O'CONNOR. President.
HfciNRY J. GALLAGHER CO...
(Successors to Flannapan & Gallagher), ¦
DANIEL P. DONOVAN, Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMER3
20 Fifth st.. opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South ; SO. -„../Importers Liable for Ihity.
The Secretary of the Treasury has noti
fied collector Jackson that Importers are
not, by any subsequent transfer, relieved
from their llabllty to the Government
either personally or upon warehousing
bond, for duties on the original Importa
tion.
The Railway Employes' Association of
this city has drafted resolutions, honoring
the memory of Collis P. Huntington. The
document speaks of the dead magnate's
liberality and uniform kindness to his em
ployes. A copy of the memorial will be
sent to the widow and family.
Revere Huntington's Memory.
llvered a stirring address and remarks
were also made by Colonel Duncan, com
mander of the local corps.
Two Events Before the Columbia
Athletic Club Promise Good
Fistic Sport. .
The Columbia Athletic Club will furnish
a middle and a light weight fight this
evening at Woodward's Pavilion. Both
contests will be .twenty-round affairs.
The principal event of the evening, be
tween Jim Trimble and Tim Murphy,
promises to be a merry go. Murphy hab
been tried on several occasions and Is
considered a man - of ability with the
gloves. Trimble is practically new to the
business, but the few ring performances
he has figured In show him to be a prom
ising lad. Under the guidance of Tim
McGrath he has Improved daily In . his
work.
Murphy is the favorite over Trimble at
odds of 2 to 1. The betting public seems
to have taken his, greater experience Into
consideration and placed odds : on this
basis. Trimble is a strong, healthy lad,
who handles himself in good style. What
he is worth in actual combat will be seen
to-night when, he mixes, with; Murphy.
The preliminary' bout will bring Tommy
Cox and Toby Irwin together. Cox put up
a splendid performance against Cole last
month and is fancied on that account by
the local sporting fraternity. He is the
favorite over Irwin at odds of 10 to 7.
From the training quarters of ; all four
men come reports of firm, fit condition.
FIGHTERS ARE READY
TO STEP INTO THE RING
The American Volunteers held a special
meeting: at their auarters - on Fourth
street last evenlnc In honor of Major
Habecker of Philadelphia, who Is on his
way home from Alaska. The major de-
Welcome to Major Habecker.
Novel Capture of Fan-Tan Evidence.
Sorp-ear.t JIcManus and squad captured
a. fan-tan p-arne on St, Louis alley last
right by practicing etratepy on the wily
Chinese. A drain-pipe, loading from i
V>ap;n into •which thp evidence Is thrown
•when ihf police make their raids, was
located yesterday morning. AVhen the
gambling commenced last night a por
tion cf the r'-pe was hroken out and sev
eral of the pquad charged on the paining
quan^rs. When they hove in eight the
evitJer.re was cast down the pipe and two
jxHccmen cai^eht it as fast as It came
flown. Twelve men were arrested and
taken to the Callfornia-etreet Police Sta-
She Was a Missionary Among the
Chinese and Took an Overdose
Accidentally.
STiss Olive Patten, s. Christian mission
ary refidhig at 5-12A Powell street, died
Tu(«day right from the effects of an
overdose of morphine administered by
herself for the purpose of easing pain.
She had been seriously ill and under the
rare of Dr. Ida M. L&throp for twenty
four hours preceding her death.
Mirs Patten had devoted all of her adult
life to missionary work, chiefly among
the Chinese. She was connected with the
mission work of the Congregational
church.
MISS OLIVE PATTEN
KILLED BY MORPHINE
Board of Police Commissioners, by being
recognized as a lieutenant or being rein
stated in that rank. This course lies open
to the present board by reason of the
opinion rendered by City and County At
torney Franklin K. Lane.
This opinion, if considered by the Com
missioners, will result in Justice, being
done an efficient and unoffending officer.
William Price has for the past twenty
years performed honorable service in the
Police Department and his record as an
oflicer is one of the best In the service.
Although advanced in age he is active and
by his application to the Commissioners
he shows he is still anxious to perform
police duty.
The opinion rendered by the City and
County Attorney paves the way for
Price's reinstatement. Mr. Lane holds
that the old board had no power to dis
rate an officer. This being the law, it fol
lows that Price should never have been
reduced in rank. That the present Com
missioners are anxious to do Justice to the
lieutenant was evidenced by the inquiries
they put to City and County Attorney
Lane.
Mr. Lane stated last night that his opin
ion was one of abstract law and not in
volving the personal status of any par
ticular person on the force or of any In
dividual, v
That Commission Is Anxious to
Bight Wrong Done Officer Is
Shown by Bequest
for Advice.
Lieutenant of Police William Price will
in all probability receive vindication for
the discredit cast upon him by the old
Opinion of City's Legal
Adviser Paves the
Way for It.
VINDICATION
MAY SOON BE
GIVEN PRICE
Three cases of measles and two of
mumps have been discovered at the Pre
sidio and have been confined to the newly
created contagious ward of the post hos
pital. The diseases first broke out among
the men of the First Infantry, two of
whom were affected. The other cases
were found In the convalescent camps. A
suspected case of glanders among the re
cently purchased horses is causing consid
erable uneasiness at the Presidio.
Measles at the Presidio.
Harry E. Corbett, William Daly an.i
Walter Mclnerney. who were convicted
by Judge Mogan last Saturday of violat
ing the ordinance against poolselling, ap
peared for sentence yesterday morning.
Attorney Collins moved for a new trial
and arrest of judgment and quoted
authorities to show that the conviction
was contrary to evidence and to law, a*
the bet was consummated In Saata Clara
County and not in this county. Attorney
Coffey replied and the Judge after over
ruling the motion fined Corbett SoO, Daly
J40 and Mclnerney $25. Notice of appeal
was at once given and bonds were fixed
in $°00 each.
Henry Schwartz walked Into Judge
Conlan s court yesterday morning and In
formed the JudKe ne had just arrived
from San Jose. A few minutes later At
torney Collins came into court and said
Schwartz was ready to submit to the
Jurisdiction of the court. Against the
protest of Collins the Judge set the case
for trial this afternoon at 2 o'clock and
ordered a venire for fifty talesmen to be
Issued. Schwartz was then arrested on
the bench warrant Issued Tuesday and
released on giving J100 cash ball. No
effort was made to bring Dr. Kahn Into
court to testify as to Schwartz's condl-
Tlie cases of Thomas Corbett (three
charges), J. Smith, Joseph Brown Jo
seph Mohan, Edward Morgan and H. W.
Pike were called In Judge Slogan's court
yesterday and as the Judge, was leaving
I on his vacation they were transferred to
i Judge Fritz'B court to be called Saturdey,
when they will be set for trial.
The case* of Daniel Crowley, George
Duncan and Joseph Mohan were on Judge
Cabaniss' calendar yesterday. The Judge
had a consultation with Chief Sullivan
and Attorney Coffey as to bringing on
the cases for trial, as they had been con
tinued eight times since being transferred
to his court on July 28. He was informed
that the prosecution wanted the Schwartz
case disposed of before any of the others
were taken up and he was asked to again
continue the cases. They were called
yesterday afternoon and continued till
to-day to be set.
When the matter of the hearing of the
writ of habeas corpus on behalf of Harry
Corbett was called by Superior Judge
Cook, counsel were deprived of an op
portunity to argue the issues Involved aR
Judge Cook discharged Corbett on the
ground that the action against him in the-
Police Court had been dismissed.
A demurrer to the petition of Zlck
Abrams for a writ of prohibition to be
directed to the police, compelling them to
remain without the limits of petitioner's
establishment, was argued before Judge
Seawell and submitted for decision. A
decision will probably be handed down
this afternoon. Later in the afternoon.
Attorney George IX Collins, who repre
sents the poolsellers, applied to Judge
Seawell for a writ of mandate to compel
Police Judge Cabaniss to sign the bill of
exceptions to the rulinxs of the court dur
ing the hearing of the case against W.
D. Valentine, the Ellis-street bucket shop
operator. Whether or not such- writ
Merits of the Santa Clara
County Scheme Will Be
Determined.
Poolsellers Return to Jurisdiction of
Iiocal Tribunals to Fight Their-
Cases — Proceedings in
Superior Court.
GAMBLERS SEEK
TO NULLIFY THE
LAW'S MANDATE
shall Issue will be determined to-day, but
In the meantime Judge Cabaniss may
sign the bill, as he announced that he
would do so to-day.
was a stomach pump," and then meekly
paid for the concoction against which his
insldes revolted.
Another frequenter of the "cocktail
route" is entitled to one horse on the Com
missioners. He entered the refreshment
resort and asked the barboy to pour or
ange, bonekamp and angostura bitters
into a glass, and before the surprised at
tendant could recover from his trance the
"wise guy" emptied enough hot stuff from
a flask to bring tears to the eyes of the
novice and Joy to the experienced drink
ing man.
"Pop" Sullivan Is living up to the letter
of the order laid down by the Commis
sioners. He will accommodate you with
soft drinks In endless variety and sympa
thize with you for not keeping "lighten
ing strikers."
Attorney Samuel M. Shortridge tried
hard last night to move the hard-hearted
Commissioners to reconsider their czar
like order, but even his eloquence was
wasted on ears that "heard not" and his
graceful gesticulations on "eyes that saw
not."
In the language .of the strets "Pop" Sul
livan is "up against It"
POP" SULLIVAN', proprietor of The
Hoffman, a cafe in the commercial
part of the city, where the business
man quenches his thirst' with foam-
Ing beakers or sharpens his appetite with
cocktails, was in a tearful mood yes
terday. Withal he wore his usual smile,
but there was a twinge of regret In his
bosom as he watched his barboys ladling
out pink lemonades, imlk, sarsaparllla,
ginger ale and other beverages of the
milder order.
That he had not turned his refreshment
palace Into a temperance "joint" was ap
parent from the bottles of strong water
which reposed behind the bar. These bot
tles, filled to the brim with the choicest
wet-goods, stood In their place as a tempt
ing reminder of the joy and solace con
tained in them. Xot a. drop of flery liquid
could be poured Into a glass to alleviate
the suffering of the thirsty mortals who
move through the swinging doors each
evening. The honorable Board of Police
Commissioners said "nay, nay," and what
One well-known business man created
excitement in the afternoon by refusing
to pay for his refreshments — a thing un
heard of during the existence of the house.
Witnesses of the action said they did not
blame him. The business man was near
sighted. He called for his tipple and
moved over to the lunch counter to sam
ple its contents. Without looking at his
glass he drained It and after he stopped
sputtering, his look of disgust made the
barkeeper quake- In his boots. The busi
ness man started to leave without paying
when the cashier reached for a blunder
buss, leveled It at the Individual and
yelled "halt." When Informed that It
was loaded and might go off if he tried
to escape, the business man apologized
for his mistake and said: "I thought it
the customers said would not only be un
complimentary to that honorable body,
but be unfit, for publication.
It was pathetic to see patrons come into
the cafe and when confronted with a big
sign over the lookingglass which notified
them that "until future notice no Intoxi
cating liquors will be sold over the bar,"
sadly shake their heads and seek content
ment elsewhere.
"POP" SULLIVAN CONDUCTS A STRICTLY PROHIBITION RESORT THESE DAYS.
These teachers will receive $1 per day for
reporting at the office of the board and
J2 50 per day when, employed. They will
be the first to be appointed when vacan
cies occur and the unassigned , list of
thirty-one teachers will be drawn upon
to fill up the substitute list to its quota
of fifteen.
Miss.L.. M. Wade. Rincon; Mrs. S. Holmes,
Rlneon: Miss M. Bailie. Lonsfellow; Miss L.
Rmlthson. Longfellow: Mlsa 41. A. Harridan,
Le Conte: Miss N. Gambitz. . Le Conte: Mlsa
Genevieve Carroll. Humboldt; Miss M. G. Slc-
Kinney, Cleveland: Mrs. J. D. Cooper, Frank
lin; Mrs. C. Newhall, Le Conte; Mrs. A. B.
Cookson. Grant; Mrs. A. E. Little, Stanford;
Mrs. A. A. Duffy. Peabody; Mrs. F. Da -/Is.
Spring Valley; Mrs. M. A. Rollins, Henry
Diirant.
The official list of substitute teachers
was completed yesterday and consists of
the following fifteen teachers, showing
the schools from which they were con
solidated out:
Teachers on Substitute I/ist.
Miss E. A. Cleveland, Miss K. F. McCol
gan. Mrs. A. Griffith and Miss A. A. Hill
were retired as teachers in order that they
may avail themselves of the act creating
a public school teachers' annuity and re
tirement fund.
Mrs. Edna Coryelle was appointed
teacher of cooking in the grammar
schools, to take effect August 15, 1900, at
a salary of $63 per month.
It was resolved that in all consolidations
of classes, whenever the chronological
order is not followed in relieving teachers,
the principals shall state In writing satis
factory reasons for not doing so.
The- board allowed the United States
Civil Service Commission the use of the
Lowell High School for an examination
to be held on August 25.
A. Altschul was appointed special
teacher of German in the Adams Cos
mopolitan School at a salary of $40 per
month, he being required to teach one
half of each day.
Miss A. C. Timmons, formerly of the
Longfellow Primary School, was appoint
ed to the Pacific Heights Grammar School
and Miss M. I. Geary will be retained as
teacher in the same school.
Miss E. A. Llttlefield, formerly of Ham
ilton School, was assigned to Adams Cos
mopolitan School. Mrs. H. Heaphy, jan
itor of the Rincon School, was dismlsseed,
owing to the consolidation of the Rtncon
and Longfellow schools. Mrs. M. R.
Clyne was appointed janitor of the latter
school.
Appointments and Dismissals.
Principal Ida E. Coles asked that the
accommodations in the South End School
be increased. The board will consider the
advisability of fitting up two well equip
ped outside class rooms for the seventli
and eighth grades.
The commercial class In the "Washington
Evening School was discontinued, an In
vestigation showing that the principals
and patrons of the school desired a high
school class^
The board adopted a resolution that a
high school class be established in the
Washington Evening School, to be taught
by a teacher to be designated by the prin
cipal. No extra expense, either for In
struction or equipment for the class will
be Incurred, and if the average dally at
tendance falls below thirty the class will
be abolished.
New High School Class.
George Bates, teacher of Latin and
Greek in the Mission High School, was
finally placed on the unassigned list by
the board. The "job" has been hatching
for a month past and two weeks ago the
teacher was saved from dismissal by Su
perintendent Webster, who objected to
the Intended discrimination against Bates.
Webster made another appeal for Bates,
and asked why some teacher of less ex
perience could not be selected for dismis
sal. Director Denman replied that Prin
cipal O'Connor of the school had reported
against Bates' competency. Webster re
plied that the report was untruthful.
Bates had informed the Superintendent
In a letter that O'Connor had not spent
more than three minutes in his class at
any one time, nor more than twenty min
utes during the entire school year. Mark
replied to a question of Webster that this
statement had not been investigated by
the board. The resolution to place Bates
on the unassigned list, which, according
to Superintendent Webster, means his
practical elimination from the depart
ment, was concurred In by Mark, Den
man and Kincaid, Casserly being excused
from voting for reasons unexplained.
Bates Finally Dismissed.
For alx years I have been accused cf being
the agent of this house, and of receiving com
mission on the goods sold, but without avail,
for the charges teem to return, just as often
as they may eerve some political or commer
cial purpose. -
Miss Ball said further:
The only recommendation of drawing ma
terials to principals and teachers was made la
a circular issued by the president of the Board
of Education at the opening of school. ThUj
recommendation Included a variety of materials
representing four of the principal whol<:«alv
houses in the city. We nave no interest in any
one of these materials to the exclusion of
others, but we did advocate that the materials
should be uniform in each room, a requirement
which every thoughtful person will concede
to be necessary for satisfactory pedagogy.
The Board of Education passed a vote
of confidence yesterday In Miss Katherlno
M. Ball and Miss Dee Beebe, special
teachers of drawing. This action carried
with It complete exoneration and was the
result of a communication filed by the
two ladies, in which they denied certain
published statements of a malicious na
ture, to the effect that they had favored
particular firms in the purchase of. draw
ing materials by the pupils. In their peti
tion for vindication the teachers explained
their course as follows: .-
George Bates Finally Dismissed.
High Grade Class Will Be Es
tablished in Washington
Evening School.
Misses Ball and Beebe Are
Cleared of Malicious
Charges.
TWO TEACHERS
VINDICATED BY
SCHOOL BOARD
A committee from the local Building
Trades «'ounc;l consisting of J. T. Kerns,
J. H. Mollea. J. V. A. Frates. J. Phil
brick and (i. W. Smith met with the Ala
roe<La County mili-owners last night, but
the parties were unable to come to any
tETc-einent.
OAKLAXD. A ujr. 22.— The boycott on
thp l>e Fremery building was called off
this morning and stonemasons, plumbers
ami derrick men are again at work on the
structure. The change was brought about
by the assignment by Andrew "Wilkie, th^
alleged "unfair" contractor, on whose ac
count th<^ men on tho building wore called
off. of all his Interest in the I>e Fremery
contract to Contractor Falconer. Archi
tect Percy has given his word to the
3iu:l'!:r.fr Trades Council that not a stick
cf material from a nine-hour mill shall
hereafter be used In constructing the
l'Uilding.
Another Victory for llillmen.
"You can Bay this, however," added the
labor Irsfier, "that there will be no gen
eral strike in San Francisco. The mlll
otvrers -would like to see the whole buiid-
Ittz industry tied up. but they never will.
¦\Ve now have enough elpht-hour mills to
t-upply the demand of local contractors
for a lone time to come and It is only a
<jue:-tion of a few months before the own
ers of the nine-hour mills will have to
shut up t^hop. But San Francisco will
continue to prosper jirst the same and
there will be plenty of work for all union
men."
President McCarthy of the Building
Trades Council s-aid last evening- that the
position of the millnien remained un
changed.
•"Several years ago the iron molders in
this city Inaugurated a strike against the
employment of apprentices. The iron
founders fought them to a finish, with the
result that many who for years had
steady employment lost their positions
end were reduced to extremities. The les
snn of that strike should be remembered
by the millmen. or history may ropoat
Jisplf. as the millowners are prepared to
maintain their present stand and not
submit the settlement to outsiders of a
question which admits of no arbitration."
"The millowners have stood this thing
so long that they are nov.- thoroughly de
termined to hire whom they please with
out dictation. The non-union men whom
they nov engage, will remain at work and
any who desire to withdraw from unions
and return may rest assured of protec
tion, whatever the outcome.
"The taen demand eight hours, and
after a careful consideration of all facts
and figures we art satisfied beyond all
doubt that such would be disastrous to
our Interests. We have stated frequently
why and it is unnecessary to repeat the
story.
"There is also another vital Issue in this
case and one whicn must be fought to a
liniBh. and as the battle has begun, may
as well be eettied now as hereaiter. For
several years we have endured the arro
gant and Increasing aggressiveness of
unions, arid yielded point after point, un
til now they have about reached the con
clusion that the workmen are supreme,
e.nd the employer is a mere nobody com
pelled to suoraii to their ever}- demand.
'"If we hire a mechanic, a shop delegate
immediately approaches and requests evi
dence of his connection with a union. If
he is a non-union man he is either threat
ened, bullyragged or intimidated into join
ing the union, or a committee awaits upon
the employer and he in his turn is either
compelled to make him Join the union or
leave the mill.
The rnlllowr.ers met In their new Quar
ters on Saascme street last evening. The
trouble ¦with the operatives was discussed
at length. The question of arbitration was
brought up and it was the unanimous
ter.st- of the meeting that there was noth
ing to arbitrate. Alter tha session was
over the press committee gave out the
following: statement:
Assert They Will iight to the Bit
ter End Bather Than Submit
to Dictation by
Employes.
Employers Declare They
Will Not Arbitrate
Differences.
LABOR UNIONS
ARE DEFIED BY
MILL0WNERS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, AUGUST 23, 1900.
"Pop" Sullivan Compelled to Dispose of Soft Drinks to His
Patrons Much to Their Disgust and His
Own Dislike.
CIRCUS LEMONADE WEARIES
COCKTAIL ROUTE HABITUES
12
We Are Selling
China
Crockery
GFassware
Siiver Piated Vtfaro
Agateware
Jardinieres, Lamps
Kitchen Ware
at
Away Down Prices
CO31S JUST TO SEE
OoocI Time and Place to Buy
Great Aiericai Iaporfliig Tea Co.
MONEY-SAVING STORES.
210-212 Grant Ave. (Bet. Butter and Post)
861 Market St. (Opp. Powell}.
140 Sixth St.
S55 Hayes St. 218 Third St.
l«9 ™*, st - e , *n Montgomery Av»
2516 Mission St. 705 Larkln St.
£0C6 Sixteenth St. 1819 Devtsadero St.
146 Ninth St. 475 Halght St.
200S Fillmore St. 82S5 Mission St.
B2 Market St. 2732 54th St
OAKLAND STORES
1053 Washington St. 816 E. 12th St.
1237 Broadway HS5 23d Ave.
1510 Seventh St. , 1353 Park St.. Alameda.
B St.. near 4th. San Rafael.
Prices lower than ever.
1 • • .
3-Day Specials I
Thursday— Friday— Saturday.
We flatter ourselves that
at no other store In Califor-
nia can you buy GOOD GRO-
CERIES at prices quoted In
our catalogue. We cut still
deeper In our 3-day specials.
Creamery Butter, sqnare 40c
Eagle Milk, 2 cans 25c
Limit 4 cans to each customer.
Resrularly 15c.
0 K Whiskey, Bot 75c, 3 tots $2
Gnllon $3.00
Finest quality of thi» well-known brand.
Regularly $1 and U.
Fibre Pails, each 30c
Li;ht and durable.
Regularly 50c. •
Coffee. IXL Blend, lb..20c
Roasted or rround.
Best value in the city.
Regularly 20c.
East India Chutney, £\ 55c
Major Grey. Bengal Hot. Sweet Lucknow.
Ca3hmere, Madras, etc.
A delicious relish for all meats —
hot or cold.
Key West Cigars, each. . 5c
"PerU de Santiago."
Ho.v of 50 $2.25
Exceptional value In
clear Havana goods.
Usually sold 3 for 23c.
! Country Orders Solicited— Catalogs Free.
39 STOCKTON ST., near Market
(Old number 21 Stockton st)
TELEPHONE MAIN 5522.
Ledgers, account' books, etc.. bound by us
are durable. Mysell-Rollins, 22 Clay. •
J. Bertz reopens the Central Dining-rooms, 21
Ellis. His reputation guarantees excellence. •
Opera Glasses
20% Gut,
IncludiEg Lemalres. with and without handles.
. Oculists prescriptions filled. Factory on
premises. Quick repairing. Phone. Main 19.
642 Market St. i«s«nintNr5
Uf Dta CHOOMtctt Qun.oiN&. CatAICCUE Full.
/THIS WELL.KKOWS AND IIEMABT.KOLD
*¦ bpectolistcrnr* Prt vnue. Nervou*. and Blood Dis-
eases of Men only. Book on Private Diseases and
J\ eaknojwes oOleu.free. Over20y'm' exrorienrr
raueiytscnrwlat Home. Terms reasonable. Hours!)
toSda!l.v:6.30 to8:30 eVfrs. Sundays. 10 tnl=. Consul-
tauoiifreeaiidsaeredly confidential. Call.oraddress
o«^ p t RO * €OK M«3mn«Tir; m.d.
JCOJi Kearny St., Han franebco. Cal.
j The Steinway is the cm- B
bodunent of piano excellence g
J --U :s treated from first to K
12S ' as an art product. H
The world's createst mas- 9
j ters of the piano-forte have I
•j achieved thdr successes upon H
$ the n
j Steinway. §
Jj Steinways are in use in 3
i every country on the fflobc |
j and everywhere their pre- |
j eminence is recognized. I
J A sug^esiioTi — trade your I
i piano for s Steinway Babv 1
11 Grand — many are doina: this "
novr. !
Sherman, Clay & Co , ¦
Steinway Piano Dealers,
Cnr. K*aray and SuU*r ets.. S. F. 1
¦ Cor. 13th and Broadway, Oakland. [|
JL.
Above all things don't become i a drunkard;
use whiskey moderately and use the best. Jesse
Moore "AA" Is the purest and best.
Cej-3 cn'y; fit »ruart'd. R- Sideman. 1C7 Hayes.*
CLOSING OUT
OhiEdren's Summer
Cloaks i Jackets.
In many instances the prices have
been reduced
ONE-HALF!
These garments are made of Ladies'
Cloths, Broadcloths, Cashmere and
Pique, in all the new shades, includ-
ing Bed, ITavy Blue, Cream and
White. Cloaks are all of this season
and range in size from an infant to
a child twelve years old.
TO-DAY
All our $5 OO CLOAKS-AND JACK-
ETS will be sold for $2 95.
All our $4 OO CLOAKS AND JACK-
ETS will be sold for $2 OO.
All our $3 00 CLOAKS AND JACK-
ETS will be sold for $1 75.
All our $2 50 CLOAKS AND JACK-
ETS will be sold for $1 45. •
All our $2 OO CLOAKS AND JACK-
ETS will be sold for $1 15.
TO-DAY'S SPECIALS
Frcm a Few of Oar Leading Departments
LADIES' WRAPPERS. In navy blue and
black and white 5Oe
Odds and. ends In LADIES' UNDERSKIRTS
usually sold from 75c to JLEO; your choice
of lot at ..45c
Balance of our COc and 75o LADIES' SHIRT
WAISJS, sold to-day 25c each
Tour choice of balance of our S4 15 and K
SILK WAISTS at ......$2.45
75c and tl SUMMER OVERSKIRTS at......45c
Ladles' HEMSTITCHED DRAWERS, um-
brella style, made of best muslin.. 25c
Thousands of yards of VALENCIENNES
PT. DE PARIS and TORCHON LACES,
worth 12H.C to 15c 5c yard
4212-1214 MARKET ST.,
Bet. Taylor and Jones.
Manufacturers of Ladles' and Children's YTear.
'. Retailed at Wholesale Prices.
Hale'3.
Hale's.
I PAINLESS I
I DENTISTRY 1 1
B , Evenings until 9. Sundays all J EJ
S Fuli Set of Teeth, pain- 1 ¦
M less extractions (ree..S4.OO up I H
|M ¦-.' Gold Crowns, 22-k £:;.."ii» up " rj
51 ' Fillings : —5c up ? E
B Teeth Without Plates Our Ej
rl Epeclalty. We elve gaa. ¦ y. ' ' H
I ["VAN VROQM/' I
II - tOOi MARKET. §2
¦ SIXTH and MARKET.!
TfOfi now VLj 1
the steadily maintained interest in this
IS sale is the strongest possible indorsement I
jf of its merits as judged by those who
|j& come and see and buy according to the *
yB worth they see in its offerings, just scan I
M this list, it's short — just eight items, they
ill were caught at random, but are fair ex- £
W amples of the uncommon values that have *
JL made this removal sale so famous, the A
11 store is full of others equally good—many §j
Jf even better. t
fancy ribbons — pretty stripes, in this season's newest fife
Y effects and most beautiful color combinations — 354 and 4
iA inches wide — worth 40c and 50c yard — removal sale J
y fancy wash ribbons — plaids and stripes on white and t|
M cream grounds — all pure silk — worth 25c a yard — removal >
£||l sale price 13c J
t&S all the new bows tied while you wait free of charge. «j
£ bleached sheets — for double beds — size 90x00 inches — j
#^ finished with two-inch hems — were 65c each — removal sale A
E&gl price 55c gfl|
all-wool white blankets with handsome borders of vari- .
JL ous colors — size 70x82 inches — silk bound — were S7.00 a 1
fl4 pair — removal sale price S5.5O A
\f tambour scarfs and squares — new and pretty open work
A and embroidered designs^ — scarfs 18x54 inches — squares 32X J
&& 3 2 inches — removal sale pried each 25c J
\S silk and chiffon jupy trimmings in all the most wanted H
¥ colors— also gathered satin ribbons, J^-inch wide— worth 15c \
gL a yard — removal sale price 10o 1
plaited liberty silk ruchings in cream and white — 1$£ fl
y inches wide — worth 50c a yard — removal sale price.... 35c %
/Kk lace-covered mousseline dt soie ruchinjes, in a verv com- A
S^ plete ranee of color choices — nearly every yard worth $1.50 g*
t|» — removal sale price 48c Kg
CASH 0.R LITTLE AT A TIME.
GC-CARTS
Are the rage nowadays. We have
a magrjlficeot Hoc at many prices. •
S3. SO TO $25.00
Send 5 cents in stamps for postage oa new
furniture catalog.
The J. NOONAN
FURNITURE COMPANY (Inc.),
1017-1023 M SS1ON STREET,
A1JOVB SIXTH
- Phan. South 14. &, y^,,^
Weekly Call,$1.00 per Year