LEE CLARK IS SAFE.
WOODLAND. Sept. 14.— A Houston tele
gram received last night from Mrs. E.
Clark announces that her son Lee. sup
pored to have been one of the- Galveaioi
victims, la safe.
HOUSTON. Tex.. Sept. 14.-E. D. Dor
chester, manager of the Velasco Terminal
Railroad, has reached this city. He says
.three-fourthg of the Velasco people lost
their homes and four persons were
drowned. Eight bodies were washed
ashore at Surfside. supposed to be from
Galveston. At Quintana Z5 per cent of
the buildings are destroyed. No lives
were lost there, though a number were
lnJuredJMHB|
. NEW ORLEANS. Sept. I4.-0ne of the
most pathetic stories of suffering in Gal
veston was . learned to-day when the
Southern Pacific train arrived from Hous
ton. Among the passengers were Mrs.
Mary Quayle of Liverpool. England, and
Jonathan Hale of Gloversvllle. N. T.
Mrs. Quayle went- from New York to Gal
veston, arriving- there Thursday, accom
panied by* her husband, Edward Quayle,
a tabulator- on - the Liverpool Cotton Ex
change. Mrs. Quayle and her husband
took apartment* In tfce Lucas terrace, a
fashionable place In the eastern end of tha
Island. During the stotm Saturday even
ing, while Mr. Quayle was peering out of
the window, there camp an unusually vio
lent fit of wind and the window was lit
erally sucked put as if by a mighty air
pump And he was taken with it. Mrs.
Quayle was thrown in the opposite direc
tion against the door of the room. When
she came to her senses she began to call
for her husband. Mr. Hale, who occupied
the adjoining room, came to her assist
ance and cared for her until dawn Sun
day. Then they went out together and
searched throughout all the adjacent por
tion of the city for her husband, but no
trance of him was found. The search was
kept up until Monday night without suc
cess. Then Mr. Hale brought Mrs. Quayle
via Houston to New Orleans and they
took a train for New York. Mrs. Quayle
will return to England. She was com
pletely prostrated and. although having
not reached middle age. had the appear
ance of a frail, decrepit old woman, 30
terrible had been the ordeal.
MANY LOST HOMES.
HUSBAND WAS BLOWN
AWAY WITH WINDOW
companies are lost or missing.
force of men to work cleaning 1 up the
wharves and the company will be ready
for new business all along the line within
eight days. The wharves have been dam
aged very little outside of t.ue wrecking
of the sheds.
Superintendent Warren k of the Houston
Direct Navigation Company stated that
the company was not ready for any busi
ness at present, as the remnant of its
fleet is wholly engaged in the relief work.
Twelve of the eighteen barges of tlio
GALVESTON. Sept. 14^-J. C. ; Stewart,
the grain elevator builder, has arrived
here, responding to a i»-legram from Gen
eral Bailey of the Gaiveston
Wharf Company. After inspecting the
grain elevators and their contents he said
that not 2 per cent of the grain In the
elevators had been damaged. The wheat
would be loaded into vessels just as rap
idly as they come to take it. Ships are
needed here. Mr. Bailey has put a large
GETTING READY TO
'RESUME BUSINESS
Special Dispatch to The Call.
-NEW YORK. Sept. R-The .Herald 'is
sending money contributions for the re
lief of the 'suffering of Galveston and
coast towns by telegraph to the Dallas
News Immediately upon their receipt, and
the Dallas News Is expending .the money
in the most advisable way, and is rushing
supplies thus purchased to Galveston. By
this arrangement the quickest and most
effective relief Is attained. Colonel A. H.
Belo, proprietor of the Dallas News, also
ow.ns. the Galveston News and has large
property interests in the gulf city. He
is cheerfully aiding the Herald in Its re
lief work. Already $13,000 has been tele
graphed by the Herald to the Dallas
News, and to-day the first train load of
supplies purchased by the funds contrib
uted by the Herald readers reached Gal
veston.
- DALLAS, Sept. -14. — This evening a sec
ond train left Dallas carrying 55000 worth
of supplies purchased with the funds sub
scribed by readers of the New York Her
ald. This train runs over the Gulf. Colo
rado and Santa Fe Railroad to its pres
ent terminus, Alvin, twenty-two miles
north of Galveston. The train Is under es
cort of a detachment of .Trezevant's Rifles
cf Dallas, with Lieutenant Miers in com
mand.
This consignment of supplies is intend
ed for victims of the gulf. storm in what
is known as the "Coast country." This
will be the fir^t newspaper relief train to
reach this particular part of the stricken
tcction.
George B. Dealy. manager of the Dallas
News, superintended the purchase of this
"second edition" of the Herald readers'
generosity, anj selected Buch articles as
were of most pressing need and likely to
do the most good. Barring four cases of
bread, the supplies consisted largely of
articles of wearing apparel for boys and
girls, men and women. Every age was
provided for. All classes were treated
alike. Wealthy persons who have suf
fered will. receive calico and overalls in
the same ratio that the poor get them.
The train has the right of*way on the
road and wilt mtke a fast run.
RUSHING MONEY AND
SUPPLIES TO GALVESTON
ious to learn the fate of her brother, aged
SS years, who was residing at Virginia
Point, two miles from Galveston.
AUSTIN, Tex., Sept. 14.— The destitution and suffering in the smaller towns and country districts on
the mainland that -were swept by the storm is greater. than indicated in the earlier reports. Many
applications for aid were received from those points to-dny by Governor Sayers. Hon. Lewis Bryan,
a prominent citizen of Velasco, came here in person and had a conference with the Governor con
cerning the terrible condition of affairs in that section. He stated that there are over 8OOO destitute
people in Brazoria County who are now suffering for food and clothing. He estimates that over 80 per
cent of the houses in that county were destroyed by the storm. All the other buildings were damaged.
There are over 2OOO homeless people in the town of Columbia and immediate neighborhood. Many people
were killed in the country districts, but the loss of life was confined mostly to negroes. Prosperous plan
tations have been completely devastated, farm buildings are all gone and all crops destroyed. The home
less and hungry people of Richmond, Alvin, Angelton, Seabrooke, and other places are crying for aid.
Food and clothing are wanted. Medical aid is also badly needed in some of the smaller places. In
response to these appeals the Governor to-day ordered the forwarding of the following shipments of food
supplies: To Alvin, 50,000 pounds of flour and 25.OOO pounds of bacon; to Velasco, 50,000 pounds of
bacon and 100,000 pounds of flour; to Angelton, 100,000 pounds of bacon and 200,000 pounds of
flour; to Richmond, for ths sufferers in Fort Bend County, 200,000 pounds of. flour and 25,000 pounds
of bacon. He also ordered 200,000 pounds of flour and 100,000 pounds of bacon shipped to Galveston.
Relief committees are being organized at all the smaller towns and their requests will be filled
as promptly as possible. Captain L. P. Seiker, quartermaster of the Texas Bangers, reached Alvin this
morning and reports that the suffering there is very great. He has charge of the relief work at that
place. The losses to the farmers of the storm , belt ; is beyond computation. It is too late to put in another
cane or cotton crop and all their year's work has gone for naught. A letter was received from Mayor
John Bryan of Juintana Station saying part .of that city, was destroyed andthat the place was covered
with ruins. The wreckage is in the form of drifts and extends for over a mile in length. These drifts are
made up of housahold effects, logs and timbers. He reports no destitution and it is supposed that the
people are bsing well taken care of.
Great Destitution and Suffering in Smaller
Towns and Country Districts on
Good Progress Made in Clearing
Away the Debris at Galves
ton, Which Will Be Rapidly
Reconstructed.
The relief committees are steadily broadening the scope of their work. They
have established bureaus for the issuance of orders and rations in every ward,
and though there is a multiutde surrounding every bureau, applicants are rapidly
being laken care of. There seems no present likelihood of inability on the part
cf the committee to furnish all the rations that are asked for. There is, of
course, a scarcity of fresh beef and of milk, but bread is being provided' in
abundance, as well as hams, potatoes, rice and other articles.
The sympathy felt for Galveston throughout the world was again evidenced
this morning, when local bankers were notified by cable that the Liverpool
Cotton Exchange had subscribed £1000 for the relief of the sufferers, and that
more will follow.
One of the most remarkable escapes recorded during the flood was reported
to-day, when news came that a United States batteryman on duty at the forts
last week had beon picked up on Morgans Point wounded, but alive. He had
buffeted the waves for five days and lived through a terrible experience. Mor
gans Point Is thirty miles from Galvestcn.
lists of the living and of the dead are far from perfect. The identity of all
who have been lost will never be known. The names sent out from here have
been gathered with scrupulous care, but at the same time many errors are
fpuno 1 In them.
Much attention has been attracted by the dispatch of Quartermaster Bax
ter to the department expressing the belief that Galveston has been hopelessly
ruined.' Congressman Hawley last night sent the following telegram to the War
Department in reply to the dispatches of Quartermaster Baxter: *
"While it might not be significant or worthy of notice, I have the honor to
«tate that Quartermaster Baxter's telegrarr to the quartermaster general re
flecting Galvtston is unworthy of- a eoldier and In no way represents the mor
ale of GalveFton citizenship and their determined purpose to restore their city."
The Cotton Exchange building proved to be one of the strongest during the
rturcn. Window!" were Fmasbed on every floor and on every side and much,dam
age was done to the cotton rooms and the various' offices In the building, but no
portion of the walls or roof gave way.
. ' '^anBBBHHiMiiiHHHI^^B * ••
BROAD SCOPE OF RELIEF WORK-
Shipping znrn say to-day that the damage to the wharves is by no means as
serious as at first supposed. The chief damage has been in the tearing open of
sheds and the ripping of planking. The sheds, however, can be quickly replaced.
The I'iling for a considerable distance along the bay front successfully withstood
the poundir.fr it got from the wind and waves and business men find a measure of
consolation In this.
More hopeful reports were received to-day touching the water supply. The
company is placing men all along the mains plugging the broken places and
thereby assisting: the flow. It was serving some of its customers to-day, and
hopes gradually to increase the service. The water continues to run by grav
ity prefsurr-. The only dilficulty the people are having is in carrying supplies to
their homes or places of business. The Ice supply continues bountiful, and at
many corners lemonacle is being «orved.
More effective measures were taken to-day to keep certain people off the
island. The j=oMion« patrolkd the water front and challenged all who could not
show a. proper reason for their landing or who were unwilling- to work for the priv
ilege of coming into town.
Assurances have boon received from the railroads that they will do all in their
power to reopen communication, and their present plan seems to be to concen
trate all forces on the work of reconstruction of one bridge. Crews are coming
down the Santa Fe Railroad from Arkansas and St., Louis with full equipment to
restore the line. Local representatives of the Southern Pacific have had advices
from headquarters to proceed with repair work without delay. •
Telegraph communication has been partly restored, the 'Western Union and
Postal having reached the city with one wire each. Large forcea have been at
•work along the lines of both companies and connection with Galveston has been
attended with many difficulties.
A larger number of business houses than on yesterday are open and adver
tising their wares at no advance in price. Carts with disinfectants are going
through the streets. The gutters are being covered with lime. Carpenters are
having all the work they can do. The storm tore hundreds of roofs off, and the
people who are living In topless houses are eager to obtain coverings,' bo as to
prevent the destruction of what they have saved if a rainstorm comes along.
Thus far, however, the weather has been clear and there are no immediate in
dications of a downpour.
MORE HOPEFUL REPORTS MADE.
GALVESTON. Sept. 14— The first real attempt to clear away the great
mass cf debris piled along the beach front for a distance of several miles
•rai Ixsun to-day. Advertisements were printed in the News, which
fci j>"ared th!*- morninp. asking for hundreds of men and boys to do the
work. A niultitu-le responded. They were formed into squads and
promptly put. to work with police and deputy sheriffs in charge. It is
hop<-<3 thr.t a. vigorous prosecution of this work ¦will lead to the early recovery of
bod!*-* still in the tfebris. That there are many of them there is no shadow of.
doubt. It is difficult indeed to imagine how half the people that did escape got tree
of this fearful flotsam and jetsam.
An Associated Press representative traversed the beach for some distance to
day and the stench at different points was absolutely sickening:. Everywhere lit
tle groups of men, women and children, some of them poorly provided with
raiment, were digging in the ruins of their homes for what little household prop
erty they could save. In many cases those seeking their former residences were
utterly unable to find a single remnant of them, so hopeless is the confusion of
timbers and household furniture.
The exodus of people from the city was heavy to-day and hundreds were eager
to jro, but unable to secure transportation. Alcng the bay front there were scores
of families with dejected faces pleading to be taken from the stricken city,
where, in spite of even" effort to restore confidence, there is a universal feeling
of depression.
Governor Sayers Receives Fur
ther Subscriptions, Which
Now Amount to Nearly a
Million and a Half.
', a V . USTIN, Tex., Sept. 14.— At a conference between Governor Sayers and
a committee from Galveston It was decided that instead of looking to
Zjk the. laboring people of "Galveston for work in thl3 emergency aa Im-
portation of uutslde laborer* to the number of 2O0O should be made to
conduct the sanitary work while the people of Galveston were given an
opportunity of looking after their own losses and rebuilding their own
property, without giving any time to the city at large. It is believed that with
these 20C0 outside laborers it will require about four weeks to clean the city of
debris, and in the meantime the citizens can be working on their own property
and repairing damage there.
During* the day the Governor received a large number of subscrip
tions and it is estimated that the total subscription lists to date, here
and at Galveston, will reach $1,300,000.
Governor Sayers says that as soon as possible he will prepare a list of sub
scriptions by States and give it out. During the day Governor Sayers ordered a
trainload of provisions to be sent from Dallas to Galvestcn and also ordered
provisions and clothing sent from San Antonio.
During the day Governor Sayers received information from the penitentiary
authorities at the convict farm on Clemens' plantation near Velasco that eight
een convicts had been drowned or killed during the storm and two others were
badly injured. - The penitentiary official estimates that the share farms of the
State have been injured $109,000.
CAIilFORNIANS PERISHED.
SANTA CRUZ, Sept. U.-Mrs. Harry
Merick -and '"four '.children ¦ were, among:
those .who lost 'their : lives at Galveston.'
Mrs.-Menck was a sister of ' Mrs. *F. K.
Meyer of Holllster. "Mrs. Meyer is anx-
GALVESTON. Tex., Sept. 14.—Con
gressman R. E. Hawley, who -was
in Washington at the time of the'
storm, arrived, in this city yester
day. He said;
"Work of vast importance is to be un
dertaken here on different lines than here
tofore. Storms of more frequency and of
greater intensity visit the coast of Eng
land, the great lakes and the New Ens
land coast. If they built as we build they
would be down nnd out nearly every year,
but they build structures to stay, and we
must rebuild our city ; In a manner that
will resist the gales, as they do. This port
is all right. The lullest depth of v/actr
remains. The jetties with slight repair
are intact., and. because of these condi
tions, which exist nowhere else for the
territory and people it serves, the restora
tion will be more rapid than may be
thought and the city will become as pros
perous and secure aa any part of our pros
perous country."
DALLAS, Tex., Sept. 14.— In a special to
the News from New York, Henry Mallory
of the Malloiy linehas this:to say as to
the future of Galveston:'/
"Naturally Texas will seek an outlet
through .a Texas harbor. There is no
other harbor in that. State; equal to the
one in Galveston, and even if the city
were wiped out men with .money would
begin- to build there. Locally Gaiveston
has . suffered great loss, but it does not
deprivethb city of Its valueas aport" |
He says regular savings to
Galveston - will . conl inue uninterruptedly,
the San Marcos leaving to-day, and. the
Concho on Saturday. Both steamers : will
carry." large quantities of stores contrib
uted here for, the relief of the needy in
Galveston end. surrounding vicinity.-
and by the time the train had made a
start for Houston every woman In the
crowd was ill through lack of food, expo
sure and insufficient sleep.
STRICKEN CITY
WILL BE REBUILT
TO RESIST GALES
SOME OF A1OST PROMINENT BUILDINGS E IS GALVESTON PARTIALLY OR WHOLLY WRECKED BY WIND AND WA\/E
H ALVESTON, Sept. 14.-— No less than 2701 names of the dead— victims of wind and wave— have been compiled. There were hundreds of bodies buried in the
vJ sea and in the sand, where no identification was possible. Other hundreds were buried on the beach of the mainland, few of whom have been identified.
Some bodies are still in the ruins and scattered along the beach of the mainland and in the marshes, where. they were thrown by the water. Some of these
bodies have been sent twenty miles inland along small watercourses by the rush 4 of high water. Taking all things into consideration there seems no longer any
doubt that the number of dead will reach beyond the estimate of 5000 which has been made by Mayor Jones and other reliable citizens of Galveston.
NUMBER OF DEAD IN THE GALVESTON DISASTER
WILL EXCEED ESTIMATE OF FIVE THOUSAND
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SAN FRANCISCO, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 15, 1900.
VOLUME LXXXVIII-NO. 107.
MUCH SUFFERING
AMONG REFUGEES
' FROM GALVESTON
GALVESTON'. Tex., Sept. 14 (via
Houston^.— Th.e city has finally
lifted its head from beneath the
weight of woe which has been
pressing down and from now on
its rehabilitation- will be sure, and if
money will be received it will be rapid.
At a meeting of the Galveston relief com
mittee held yesterday afternoon a com
mittee of three, consisting of Major
Thomas Gore, Frank Spencer and J. D.
Skinner, was appointed for the purpose of
proceeding to Austin and conferring with
Governor Sayers as to the best methods
to be pursued in relieving the distress in
the city. The committee was appointed
at the request of Governor Sayers, who
desired the aid of Galveston in devising
the best and most practicable means of
relief.
The local Board of Health, through Dr.
H. A. West, its secretary, has made a
demand that the work of clearing up 4he
dwelling houses be turned over to physi
cians. This work, in common with the
other branches of cleaning the city, has
been under the direction of Adjutant
General Scurry, and he has proved him
self so capable that the relief committee
declined to make any division of respon
sibility, and the doctors were told that
they could not have the work.
Notwithstanding the fact that the num
ber of boats carrying passengers between
Texas City and Galveston has been large
ly Increased, it was impossible yesterday
to leave the city after the early morning
hours, and hundreds of men, women and
children, all anxious to depart, suffered
great inconvenience and hardship, and
were after all compelled to sleep upon the
beach at Texas City, . waiting for" the
morning:
There is but one steamer plying across
Galveston Bay which is able to carry, pas
sengers in any number, and even this
boat is able to make ,the_ trip only with
extreme ; caution on account of the shal
lownass of the bay. Yesterday ;• morning
somebody lacked something of being^cau
tious in the extreme and the 'Lawrence,
Jamming her nose in the mud, remained
aground ail das'. Her passengers , were
taken off in small boats, but all day long
the Lawrence remained hard and fast
aground. .This compelled those who were
unable to come on the, rtrst trip of the
Lawrence' to trust themselves to sailboats,
and J by 'noon a dozen of them, heavily
loaded, started from Galveston for Texas
City. When the fleet was scattered over
Galveston Bay by a distance of anywhere
between one mile j and three , miles, the
wind died away . utterly. ¦ There . was not
a puff of air. The boats could neither go
on to Texas City nor return to Galveston,
and all through the afternoon they lay
motionless upon the glassy water. None
of them had more than a meager supply
of water and food, as the trip ordi
narily does not require above an hour.
The supply of water. was soon exhausted,
the sun beat down' with a merciless se
verity and in a short time babies' and
children who were but little else than ba
bies became ill, and In many , instances
their mothers were also prostrated.' There
was absolutely no relief to bo had, as the
tugs of Galveston Bay which might have
given the sloops tow are all made for
deep-sea work and draw too much water
to al'.ow of their crossing the shallow
channel. Hour after hour the people on
the boats, all of which were densely pack
ed, were comr>elled to broil in the tor
turing, blinding* sun without the slightest
current of air to render their situation
more bearable. All the afternoon they
were becalmed, and a slight breeze aris
ing in the evening, at 9 o'clock -at night
the sailing craft which had left Galveston
at noon began to dump their passengers
upon the beach at Texas City.
This place, never 'worthy of notice upon
any map, is now among the things that
once were. There is no house, no tents,
r.o accommodations of any kind save a
few passenger coaches standing. upon the
railroad track." /These were speedily, filled
and for the balance of the night women
and children, all hungry and the latter
crying for food, were compelled to remain
on the beach. An urgent message -was
sent to , the railway , at Houston saying
that women, nnd; children .were suffering,
andL asklnc them -to hurry' a : train to
Texas City for theipurpose of conveying
the refugees . to ; Houston. ; No reply was
received, arid wheiv a train, -'whose crew,
knew, nothing of the' existing : conditions
at Texas City, finally appeared the an
nouncement was .made that it would not
go' before morning. It : was fully twenty
hours Vafter * their. 1 start .Galveston
that" the people 'who left* there i yesterday
noon were able to move out of Texas City,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
CARING FOR HOMELESS
OUTSIDE OF GALVESTONSANTA CRUZ. Sept. 14.-Ah Jim. charged
with assault upon an 11-year-old girl, wa*
found fjullly by a Jury In the Superior Cburt.
He will be sentenced on Wednesday mornln*.
SPOKANE, Wash.. Sept. 14.— A. Y.
Crowell, manager of the Great Northern
Express Company at Spokane, died to
night under peculiar circumstances. Cro
well was In the Rar.Uln saloon, whera
Max Karter. a personal friend, was be
fctr,d the bar. Crowell went into the bacic
room and began to break up the furniture
Karter went back and lemonstrated. buc •
Crowell, who was under the Influence of
liquor, refused to desist and. It is said
struck Karter. According to the stories
of bystanders Karter lightly smote Cro
well on the cheek and the man fell to the
floor and was dead In a few moments.
That the blow was trifling Is proved by
Hie absence of any mark or bruise on tho
uead man's cheek. Karter is under ar
rest on a charge of murder. An autopsy
will be held on Crow«?rs body In the
mornlnK Physicians to-night said they
believed Crowell fell dead from heart dis
ease brought on by indulgence in stimu
lants.
victory for Women.
VIENNA. Sept. 14.— An Imperial decree
issued to-day admits women to practice
as physicians and chemists on the samo
conditions as men.
*
BUTTE. Mont.. Sept. H.-Danlel Lucy was
hanged In the Jail yard at 11:08 o'clock this
morning for the murder of Patrick U Reajjan
on beptember 2, 1S9S. The two men had started
for the Cofur d'Alene together and Reagan's
tody was found in the canyon next day. Lucy
was caujht at Victor. Cblo. brought back and
convicted on circumstantial evidence. Lucy
protested his Innocence to the last.
Special Dispatch to The- Call
Spokane Express Agent Makes a
Hough House of a Saloon and
Falls Dead When He Is Hit.
BARKEEPER STRIKES
A BLOW THAT KILL£
GALVESTON. Sept. ».— Following are
names of members of Battery O. First
Artillery, U. S. A., who perished in the
storm of Saturday night: Hugh R.
George, sergeant; James A. Marsh, ser
geant: Samuel Roberts, corporal; James
W. Cantner; cook: George Link, me
chanic; George F. Andrews, private; Wil
liam L. Andrews, private: Leopold Rand
ner, private; John Glaffey. private; "Wil
liam A. Delaney, private; Peter Downey,
private; Fred Hess, private; Frank W.
Hunt, private; John W. Kelly, private*,
Everett A. Lewis, private; Benjamin D.
Mitchell, private; George Peterson, pri
vate; ¦William. S. Sauerber, private; Otto
So ffers, private: Benjamin Van Tilbruch,
private; Wadsworth B. Wheeler, private;
Herbert R. White, private: Carvan M.
Wllhlte, private; Sidney Wright, private,
hospital corps; Samuel Forrest, private:
Joseph Gossage, private, and E. L. Mcln
vene, private.
Soldiers Who Perished.
Harvey Johnson and wife; 'William Robinson;
Mrs. Fletze and three children; the family of
C. W. Young:, wife, two sons and two daugh
ters; Mr*. Mont dona; Emma Palmern. wife and
seven children: T. TV. O'Connor: members of
two families of Alvln who were visiting the
Young family.
Scores of dead from Galveston are yet un
buried, as the bodies are tno badly decomposed
to haul and there is too much water on the
prairie to admit of digging graves.
HITCHCOCK. Texai, Sept. 14.-Append
.ed is a list of the identified dead at this
point:
Identified at Hitchcock.
J. M. Zlppel, wife and five children; Gus
Zumbcrg, wife and five children.
William Yeacrer.
Oscar Weiss and five children; E. C. Wood
ward Jr.; Row Williams; F. A. Walters, wife
and four children; Julia Woods and son icol
ored); Mrs. Wicke; Frit* Wegener and wife.
children; Otto Wlnburgr. wife and nve children;
Lewi* D. 'Walker; Mrs. F.. Stanley, Arthur
and Berna 'Watkins; Lee Wallls, wife, mother,
four children and a little orphan girl who for
merly lived at Palestine; Jennie T. and Lula
Weight ; Joe Walker; Rcsanna Williams (col
ored); Mrs. E. A. and Frtti Wlnbery; Mrs. K.
C. Williams (colored). *» -".
GERMAN TRANSPORTS
MUST BE INSPECTED
Last Thursday Collector Jackson and
Captain John Bermlngham, supervising
inspector of steam vessels, sent a joint
telegram to Washington asking that the
transports be excused from Inspection As
American vessels under similar conditions
are required to be inspected, yesterday's
reply of the Secretary of the Treasury
has given general satisfaction.
Collector Jackson received a telegram
from the Treasury Department at "Wash
ington yesterday directing that the Ger
man transports now loading at this port
with horses for China must be inspected
by the United States Inspectors of Steam
Vessels, in conformity with the require
ments of the passenger act. The Secre
tary of the Treasury calls attention to a
recent decision to the effect that persons
who go on vessels as attendants on horses
are not eligible to be mustered in as mem
bers of the crew, for their business on
board, namely, the care of the livestock
bears no relation to the safety of the ves
sel.
Secretary of the Treasury Decides
That the Passenger Act Must
Be Observed.
Boy Footpads in Jail.
Three boys, named John McQueenle
Hugh Free! and Daniel Meyers, were) ar
rested yesterday by Detectives O'Dea and
Ryan and locked up in the tanks pending
an investigation. On July 27. it Is claimed
11 "* 6 lnt 2v, a ~ cand >" factory kept by
A. Wasser at 207 Second street and stole
a v q . u S n }L ty °1 ca ? d y a*«l a copper boiler
which they found in the kitchen. Bubsl:
quently, it is claimed, they sandbagged
a man named Thomas Keough on Third
etreet and robbed him of $7 and » silver
rden C tff y Tne d fr1o an "^ WlU be mad « "
- - T OUSTON. Texas. Sept. 14.— Most of
the dead at Gaiveston were work
""" ing people, small tradesmen and
some professional men and their
- - -*• families. The greatest force of
the hurricane was exerted against the
east and west ends and the water front,
while In the center of ihe city, where the
people of greater pronunence lived, thero
Was not so much loss of life. Following
Is an additional list of Galveston's dead:
A.
Mrs. Andrew and family.
6. B. Allison's family of nine; Pinkie An
tonovltch and grandmother; John Antonovltch;
P. Augujtlal and wife; E. B. Allen and wife.
Alexander Bell, wife »m«l two sons >and
daughters; Chcrles Boedecker; Mrs. Lucy Ber
cer; J. T. Brooks; Mrs. Bland and seven chil
dren; Henry Bell; Mrs. Charles A. Bankers:
Mlsa Xlna Beach of Victoria; H. Boedecker.
father, brother and sister-in-law; Mrs. Barnard;
Winnie W. Brown; John Becker, wife and
dauchtcrs, Mae and Vida; Mr. and Mrs. J.
Belltw and daughter.
Mrs. A. S. Bourdon; Charles Boedecker and
crardchlld; Mr. and Mrs. Isaac Blum; Mrs.
Sylvan Blum; Mrs. M. E. Barry; Miss M. E.
Barry; Miss V. Barry; James D. Barry; E. L.
Barry: H. Barry: Edward Bereckman and
daughter. Miss Louise; Clarence Bell and
mother; Mr. and Mrs. Fritz Buckner and two
children; T. Benstoh; Mrs. Bergeron and four
children; Mrs. Anton Banneval and two chil
dren; T., Bearmond; Adclph Brown, wife, son
and daughter.
Mrs.. Chaffee and child; John Christian: Will
Campbell: Mrs. Martha J. Carey: Mips Louisa
Carey; John Carven, wife and daughter; Mr.
Carnett and wife; Rayburn Crawford; Frank
C. Carson; Mrs. Mary Clinton and children,
Georse A.. Horace. Lee W.. Joseph B., Willie
B. and Freddie.
Mrs. Charles Clupp; Miss Crawley; Nellie
Crawley; Lee Crawley; Lottie, Llllle and Mary
Crawley; William Cook; Mrs. Scott Cook and
four children: Mrs. Carrlngrton: Charles Copps,
wife and pIx children: Cowan, wife and
dnug-hter; Charles Carltori, wife and boy; Jack
Cratz; Dan Cleary and three children.
Mr. and Mrs. Pemsle; Willie Day; Mrs. How
ard C. Dunnln,and three children; Henry DIrke
and family; Alfred Day. found In a tree; Mr.
and Mrs. Darfee and two daughters; W. L.
Dammlll and wife (colored); George R. Dun
ham ajid wife; George R. Dunham Jr. and two
children; Nicholas Donnelly; Madeline and Oc
tavia Duccs; Miss Emma Davis; H. A. Drewa;
Mrs. Desie and two sons; Samuel Dowles. wife
and one child ;* Mrs. Mary Davis and children,
Carrie, Alice, Llzzje and Eddie.
Miss May Duett; Mrs. Samuel Dawler and
child: Mrs. Tom Davis; Mrs. C. Dorrin and
six children. . .
E.
Mr*. Kate Evans and two children.
Mrs. John Elsie and two children; Charles
Eckert; A. R. C. Edwards and family; Paul
Elseman, wife and baby.
v George Falkenbarge and wife; Julius Forget;
Mrs. Fritz Freither; Mrs. August Frau and
daughter; C. 8. Faby, wife and two children;
Mrs. August Foster; Mr. and Mrs. Charles M.
Frelse; Joseph N. and Freddie Forbush; J. B.
Fretwell; Mrs. S. F. Foster; Miss Nannie Far
rer of Sullivan's Island; Anton Frank, wife
and two. daughters.
Mrs. Falk; Mrs. Kate Fisher and three chil
dren; Frank Fuger. "\ , ' ~
G.
A. E. Gait and wife; Professor Gibson and
family; Charlotte Gentry (colored); Andrew
Gonzales, wife and daughter Pauline; Mrs. H.
Graham and baby; Robert F. Garnett: Mary
C. Gibson: Colonel Gullet of Victoria; H. K.
Gaorge and family; H. K. Grey and family;
Randolph Grey, four children and sister-in-law;
August Garraldl.
Alexander Goddard, niece May Bray and three
children; Theodore Goldman, Mrs. Beattle
Goldman and William, father, mother and
brother; Mary C. Gibson.
Mrs. ' James Holland; Mrs. Hlggtns; Fred
Hlldebrand; Mies Rebecca Harris; Misses Mag
gie Halnes and Emma Hubbell ; Mrs. Captain
Haines and sister; ; Mrs. s A. Huebner. and ; boy;
Willie O. Houghton; George Hunter; George
Hauslnger.
A. E. Hoffman; Edward Hegman. wife and
two children; Leonard Herr, wife and two
children; John A. Hayman, wife and four chil
dren.
Joseph • Irvln.
¦. Mrs. W. J. Johnston: Mr. and Mrs. August
Jetterbrook; Mrs.' C. S. Johnson; ;' J. ¦ F. : Jones
and wife; Walter H. ; Jaeger; V. S. Johnson;
Odin Johnson, wife and children; J. A. John
ston and wife.
: H. P. • Johnson. .
ic r \ ¦ :; ; ; ;
Mrs. Clemen Kuhna and two children ; ; Mrs.
Kinc : Mrs. ' J.' , Karvel and ; four , children; F.
Konstantopolos; David Krevwell and daughter";
L. Key, wife and. four children: .
J. Kralich, lost of barge James Howard ; Jo-
seph, Xelson, Alma and Loris Kinds; Mr. and
Mrs. Kimpan; T. J. Keefe. wife and daughter;
August Kalb. wife and mother-in-law; C. L.
Kalb and child; Mrs. John Kalif and four chil
dren; Kellegg of Tichenor place and whole
family; Louis Kaiser, wife and three children;
Joe Klnsfader, wire and child: Florence and
Tilly Kelly; Gsorge Klrby, wife and three chil
dren.
Charles Lawson. wife and child; Alfred Lud
wig, wife, mother and sister-in-law; Mrs.
Lackey, father and mother: Agnes Lewis;
Maria Lewis; William Lyle, grandmother and
sister; Virgil Lemmon; Buck Lloyd; Albert
Ludwlg; H. J. and Louisa C. Labbat; Lackey
and children, Leon and Pearl; Mrs. J. A. Lit
tle; J. A. Lephear, wife and three children:
Laura. Francis. Terrence and Claude Lanahan,
children of John Lanahan: Mrs. J. Luca; Mrs.
Mary Hebe; F. A. Lange, four sons and one
daughter and colored nurse; Miss Levy of
Houston; Louis Legate, wife and son; Mrs. P.
Legate, two sons and two daughters; Christian
Legate.
Mrs. Louise Lindner and five children; Major
W. T. Levy, wife and three children; — Lu
cas and four chlldyn: Mrs. Horace Losslnj.
Joe Manley, mother and two nieces; Mrs. S.
R. Manley; Mrs. Miller and five children, col
ored; Herman Martin and part of family: John
Marulre; Robert McPherson. colored; Mies J.
and Miss Ruby McNeil]; Maybrook, wife
and seven children; Harry Morris, wife and
three children; Annie and Marie Murl; Miss
Pauline Marcott; Mrs. E. C. McVay; Tony
Mulsburger and wife.
John H. McBwan Jr.; Tom, Mollle, Orin and
King Massey; Mrs. R. Martyr; Mrs. Frank
Mott; Jim Martin and three unknown Martins;
Marcoburro, entire family, wire and four chil
dren; Joe Miller, wife and one child; Joe Meyer
and family of two; James MeGovern: John Me-
Hale and two children; Mary Menart; Robert
Mellor and wife: Mrs. J. W. McVoy and Miss
Lorraine; Miss Agnes and Henry Morton. '-/
IN.
Mrs. Nelson and daughter.
Mr. and Mrs. Ohlsen; Albert L. Opperman
snd wife; Miss Mamie O'Connelly.
Nick Oysterman. entire family; Anita Oplllz;
Mrs. C. J. O"Keefe and son; Thomas H. Olson
and wife; Steve Olson; Charlie Olson.
I Misses Mary and Alice Plerson: Frank Pler
eon;. Mrs. .Pett; Mrs. Park and two daughters:
Mrs. Ella Plner; Mrs.' Powers and child; Mrs.
Mae Palmer and six-year-old ..son Lee; Flor
ence Patterson: Mrs. F. Pruesmlth anJ three
children.
James Provost, wife and two children;
Plottomey, wife and four children; Herman
Plltt; Charles. Potoff, wife and five children;
Ruth and Ruby Phelps; Mrs. Pekllnee and
mother; Mrs. Tony Pinto and three children:
Leon Peco, wife and four children.
William F. Roehm and two children; —
Ravey and family; Edith Randolph; Ros
cnburg and baby; Professor Rurehmond, wife
and two children; Roeck, colored; Otto
Reuter: H. Y. Reuter; Henry Riser, wife and
three children; Mrs. Lula Rtese and children,
Ray and Edna; Herbert N. Roberta; Miss Ella
Rhodes, trained nurse; C. M. Rose; Frank,
Mrs. H. and Leon and Albert Ruhlln; J. P.
Reagan; H. Rutter. wife and five children.
- Ed and John Rummelln; H..J. Reagan, wife
and four children; Mies Nellie and Miss Willie
Raleigh; E. Ruerhmaad, wife and two chil
dren; Mrs. Reamann; Mattle, Claude and J.
A. Radford (colored); "William Richardson;
Mrs. W. M. Rltter; I* Riesel, wife and two
children.
Charles Schultr: Annie Scott: Frank Shaw;
Charles C. SchulU; Fred SchulUe and wife;
Mrs. Mary Smith and baby, colored; Mrs.
Mary Schull ; R. . Schutte, \ wife and two chil
dren; W/R. Simpson and two children, James
and Berry; Thomas, Arthur and Allen Sargent;
Mrs. Silke; R. I*. Sladeyce, wife and three chil
dren; Mrs." Lester Swart; Mrs. Leslie Stanford;
Mrs. Maggie and Willie Schwartz; J. R. Saw
yer; John Sledentucker; Mary Schroder: - Miss
Sarah Summers of Cadlng, Ky. ; Jacob Smith,
unaccounted for; J. C. Spann, wife and daugh-
A. Echuler, wife and five children; J. Steag^r.
wife and two children; O. P. Smith and wife
and four children; Mrs. C. S. Seixas; Maggie
Senote; ; Mrs. Peter Btockfleth and ' five chil
dren.
. Mra.' Jordan Turner: Mrs. Thurman; Mr». E.
Trcutman ; and three' children: Venna and " M.
Tsyer.
Walter Tuckett. wife and children.
" Mrt. E. TJiwer and five children.
Mr. and Mrs. B. Unger and three children.
Mollle Van Lew: Norman Van Buren, * wife
and three ; chlldren.iXSBpHBB
Samuel ¦Williams "(colored); Matilda Wood
root ; + 9ella. Warren; Mrs, .Warinjr of Chicago
colored) ; ; August Wiarbdt Jr.. wife and two
DEATH ROLL CONTINUES
TO GROW AT GALVESTON
lief fund have been the San Jose Safe
Deposit Bank. $500: San Jose Aerie No. S.
Fraternal Order of Bagles, $125; the locai
lodge of Elks, $100; the Jesuit fathers,
San Jose Herald. Hotel Vendome and the
leading business houses. P. H. Newberry,
treasurer of the local relief committee,
states that the entire amount will be
made up within a short time. Drafts are
beinfr forwarded daily.
SANTA BARBARA, Sept. 14.— The baby
lodge of the Benevolent and Protective
Order of Elks, Santa Barbara Lodge
No. 613, to-day sent $100 by telegraph to
the Galveston lodge for the relief of such
members of that lodge as have suffered
from the recent disaster.
SANTA ROSA. Sept. U.-At 5 o'clock
this afternoon the local fund for the re
lief of the Galveston sufferers amounted
to $SS 23. A subscription list was opened
yesterday and contributions are being
sent for distribution as fast as received.
SANTA CRUZ. Sept. 14.— Santa Cruz Is
to do Its part for the Galveston sufferers.
A subscription list has been started and
those willing to give are Invited to leave
their offering with A. A. Morey, at the
People's Bank.
NAPA. Sept. 14. — The citizens of Napa
are raising a relief fund for the suffer
ers at Galveston. It was started thlx
morning, and up to 4 o'clock nearly $100
had' been subscribed. Mayor John A.
Fuller has consented to take charge of
the funds and forward them. Mayor Ful
ler was the first to head the list with a
$10 subscription. G. M. Francis, editor of
the Register, followed the Mayor with a
subscription In the tame amount, and
James H. Goodman & Co.'s bank came
forward with $25. Others followed rap-
Idly with various amounts,
RIITTE, Mont., Sept. 14.— At the Demo
cratic County Convention here to-day a
collection was taken up for the: Texas
flood sufferers, which netted $577.
SALT LAKE, Sept. 14.— The Salt Lake
County Democratic Convention to-day
adopted a resolution of sympathy for the
Galveston sufferers and a collection taken
up on the floor of the convention realize!
?115, which will be sent to the Mayor of
Galveston.
SACRAMENTO. Sept.' 14.— Sacramento
13 contributing liberally to the- aid of tho
Galveston sufferers. Sacramento Com
mandery No. 2, K. T., sent to-day $300
to Deputy Grand Master Stoddard at Gal
veston; Naomi Chapter No. 36, Order of
Eastern Star, has sent $25; Columbia
Chapter No. 117, Eastern Star, $25; Typo
graphical Union No. 46 to-day sent $50.
The Red Cross Society here sent $500 two
days ago, and Ethan Lodge, I. O. B. B.,
to-night voted $60. The benefit at the
Opera-house netted $160 601 .
FRESNO, Sept. 14.— Fresno . citizen*
have subscribed to-day $615 50 for the re
lief of the Galveston sufferers, which will
be telegraphed to the Governor of Texas
to-raorrow. Lodges have also subscribed
and sent privately large sums, making
Fresno's total subscription approximately
$1000.
* ¦
MONEY AND DISINFECTANTS.
HOUSTON, Tex.. Sept. 14.— What GaJ
veston needs now Is money and disinfec
tants. Next to these two things she needs
forage. There are now, as nearly' as
can be estimated, 300 cars of provisions on
the way and It Is thought this will suffice
for a time. No more doctors are needed.
CONDOLENCE OE PEBTJ.
LIMA. Peru, Sept. 14.— The House of
Representatives has sanctioned a motion
to send a cablegram to the President of
the United States expressing the condol
ence of the people of Peru over, the catas
trophe at Galveston.
VIEW OF THE PORT OF GALVESTON AT THE CATTLE WHARVES.
Donor nro«. «Sr Co 20 OO
!2. Hurt .V. Dm 20 OO
.lulen Levy & Bros . 25 OO
Iliriichfelder A Meaner,'.*. 25 00
r?oli»* nroK. & Co 20 OO
California \otion and Toy
Company Z.~ OO
Knhn Dro*4 Klein & Co.. 20 OO
Holm A- Nathan 20 OO
Eobcl & Banner 2O OO
TC. S. IMliwbars-. . 115 <M>
T. L* Ba rlt»T . 25 OO
• irorRre IV. (Jit»l>« Company. loo Oi>
rimrlrft J. Simon 1O OO
John Woo<lloc-k 5 OO
Oarneb £ Co nr; OO
liulliuun, Sale & Co 25 OO
Totnl $1.3Sr» Oi>
Tin* 3lr*or*n o fllee I
F*. .*- Illbit $1OO OO
Sonoma, Cnl 13O 5r>
llaphnol Company r»o 00
t'opc A Tnlbot .".0 OO
-¦XI. ;'ri<-<Ii>>.-nf & Co 2S <»•»
C. W. ?<lmnr(ins -5 OO
TUr Sorddcatftcher Frnuen
Veretn 2."» 0O
William Lyon« 1O OO
Pnfrlrk Noble 1O OO
William Keith. 1O OO
tllMU Knorp 5 00
Total $»40 55
Total for yesterday 94.122 SS
Previously acknowledged. 8,775 5»
Grand totnl 910.S0S 05
Endless Chain of Subscriptions.
OAKLAND. Sept. 14.— An endless letter
chain has been started for 2i-cent sub
scriptions to the Galveston relief fund.
Mayor Snow announces that he will ro
cyive the subscriptions and forward them
to Galveston's Mayor in sums of $5. The
scheme was started by an anonymous
communicant, who invited persons receiv
ing- the appeal to send a duplicate to three
others, and so en.
Trades Unions' Relief Plan.
OAKLAND. Sept. 14.— At a meeting to
right of the Federated Trades of Alameda
County plans were proposed for the rais
ing of funds for the relief of the Galves
ton sufferers by setting aside one (lay
when all employers should contribute 5
per cent of that day's profits and em
ployes the same proportion of their eariy
ir.gs for that day to a fund. The organP
zation proposes to have all of the mer
chants and manufacturers In the county
contribute, as well as all other employers
of labor. City and county officials, all the
clergymen of the county and individuals
generally will be asked to Join In donating
their mites. Even the' school children, the
committee urged, could be aJlowed to have
a part In the contributions for this pro
nosed ''Galveston relief day." J. Roths
child of the Retail Clerks* Union. P. B.
Preble of the Typographical Union and
Joseph D. Scott of the Musicians Union
were appointed a committee by the Fed
erated Trades to interview the merchants
and their employes with the view of se
curing their Immediate co-operation. It
is expected that at least $2500 can be*
raised In the county. The committee sug
gested that the plan be adopted generally
throughout the State.
Liberality of the Hibernians.
A special meeting of the State and coun
ty officers of the Ancient Order of Hiber
nians was held last night at 120 Ninth
street, in pursuance of a call from the
grand officers of the society. The object
of the meetlne was to take action re
garding the distress In Galveston. Ori
this Bubject the following telegram was
received from J. C. Canty, a prominent
member of the Hibernians at Galveston:
Call Fj>eciRl mooting of Hibernians; awful lots
of life; wire money. J. C. CANTV.
The hall was crowded by enthusiastic
members of the qrder. Addresses were
delivered by State President Frank Conk-
Hn. State Chaplain Rev. D. O'Crowley,
County President J. J. Donohoe ajid
County Secretary P. J. Kelleher.
State Treasurer John P. Henry' was in
structed to telegraph to the county presi
dent of the Hibernians In Galveston the
sum of JJOO as the first donation from tho
A. 0. H. of San Francisco.
—
WHAT SONOMA IS DOING.
The Mayor received the following yes
terday:
SONOMA. Cal.. Sept. IS. 1900.
Hon. James D. Fhelan, Mayor, City Hall,
San Francisco— Dear Sir: I take pleasure in
handing you our San Francisco draft for $120 65,
bt-lnff the amoUnt of Sonoma' s contribution to
the Galveston relief fund. Sixty-three dollars
and seventy cents of this sum was raised by
subscription this morning through the efforts
of H. Appleton and is to be expended by the
Committee of which you are the head. Sixty
six dollars and eighty-flve cents is the total
la the treasury of the Sonoma Red Cross. Will
you please turn this over to the Red Cross So
ciety and notify them of Its source. Thanking
you In advance, I am. yours truly,
FREDERICK T. DUHRINO.
MOST GENEROUS
SUBSCRIPTIONS MADE
NEW YORK, 8ept. 14. — Subscriptions to
date for the relief of the^suffererB of the
Texas hurricane amount to $158,496. Chi
nese merchants In Mott street. Pell and
Doyer streets contributed $SJ)S to-£ay. At
Jamestown,/ N. Y., to-day Judge J. B.
Fisher, grand exalted ruler of the Grand
lx>dge of Elks, authorized the Galveston
Lodge to draw on him for $1000, and an
nounced that 'he would appeal to the
lodges for further assistance. The bank
ing house of Munroe & Co. received from
Its Paris branch to-day advices to draw
on that bank for $10,000 for aid of tbo Gs.I
veston sufferers.
CHICAGO. Sept. 14.— Mayor Harrison to
day issued a request to the clergy and
church workers of. Chlcagt> to make spe
cial efforts to secure contributions for the
Tex.ls flood sufferers. It Is said that the
majority of the churches In this city will
collect a special "flood offering" Sunday.
Money received by the Mayor to-day
brlngs the total of Chicago's contributions
up to $75,000. Part of this has already
been sent South.
WASHINGTON. Sept. 14. — General
Spaulding, Acting Secretary of the Treas
ury, took further measures to-day for
the relief of the distressed citizens of
Galveston by arranging for their trans
portation by foreign vessels to New Or
leans or other gulf ports. The depart
ment will remit the penalties to which
foreign vessels will bo liable under the
law.
Battery O, First Artillery, has been or
dered from Galveston to Fort Sam Hous
ton for recuperation, and equipment. ¦
SAN JOSE, Sept. 14.— The people of this
city have pledged a cash donation of $6000
for the relief of: the Galveston sufferers,
besides which one or more carloads of
f upplies will be forwarded at -, ones.
Amons tbe heaviest BUbscriberi to tho rj>-
Committee Appointed by the
Governor Organizes and De
cides Upon Plans to Aid the
Galveston Sufferers.
In San Francisco There Has Been a Host
Generous Response to the Appeal and
Funds Continue to Pour in From
/Many Sources.
THE re'.icf committee appointed by
Governor Gagf to act tor the State
In lh« collecting of furds to relieve
the suiTcreis in Galveston met yes
terday morriir.p rii<I organized for
The T1ii?io were prosf-nt at the
inciting I. "W. HcUman, Wii'.iam Alvord.
Onus £?pr<*cltel£, Hubert J. Tobin. A. A.
\Vo.tklns ar.d V. \Y. Dohrr.ar.n. The corn
rrilttee crsanisod by e!<~cting I. W. Hell
r.ia.a eSialrman, the Rank of California
treasurer and I- M. King, superintendent
of the Merchants' Aspociation. secretary.
It was decided that the coir.rr.lttet
should do husir.^ss under the name of
"Vallfornia's Elate P.cJief Committee for
the Galvestoa Sufferers." It was decided
that the eoinmittc-e should keep itself in
formed of the work of all sub-conimit
tffs and of their needs, and whether they
xd'.l remit the money they -collect direct
or tliroutrh the Stare committee. The
Fiate cnirmlliw tvIU a'.so request that re
ports cf the progress so far made in each
community he cubtnitted.
A circular letter vri'.l be sent out by the
f ite f*x"»nift*« in the ram.« of its chair
rr.an to the Mayors of cities and towns
and to the Beards of Supervisors of the
i'«ribaa cotUUles, Jnf"rniing them of the
sippointrnent of the committee by the
Oovernor. and reauesttng that they ad
vise the State committee as to what has
been done, ar.d !f nothing has been done
t-v.ggestinp that they appoint committees
f.r.ij get to work and advise the State
committee of the results.
Copies of this lett< r will al?o be sent to
all sub-committees in this city or
throughout the Slate that are making or
that have already made collections, so
that co-operation toward the common end
tan be secured.
F. W. Dohrmann and A. A. Watkins
were appointed to prepare a. list of sub
committees to act as collectors axid solici
tors for the fund.
The committee will meet every day at
31 o'clock in the office of the Nevada
Hank.
The dried fruit shippers of this city
came nobly to the front in the cause of
charity yesterday and turned over to the
State relief committee the sum of $1000.
The meeting at which the subscriptions
were made was short but businesslike
and to the point. In a \ r ery few minutes
a doren men and firms placed their names
on the list and the money followed the
Eignature as quickly as possible.
The Chamber of Commerce of San
Francisco is thoroughly alive to the situ
ation in the afflicted Texas city, and the
members are not allowing the gra3s to
grow under their feet in the matter of
fending the means by which the suffer
?-rfi ma.y S>e relieved. At the meeting of
the trustees on Thursday the sum of tlOO
was subscribed as the nucleus of a fund
to be forwarded by the chamber. At the
rame time a circular letter was sent to
all of the members, asking them to con
tribute all they could to this worthy
cause. The members were not slow, for
between & o'clock and 3 p. m. nearly $750
had been subscribed and sent on to the
Mayor of Ga-lveston, the chamber acting
alone without waiting for any other body
ongaped in the same charitable work. At
the time of sending the money Vice Presi
dent Newhall sent the following dispatch:
S. H. Brafhear, Mayor cf Houston: Have to
<".ay pent you by Postal Telegraph Cable Com
pany $712 from Chamber cf Commerce, San
Francisco for relief fund Galveston flood. More
will go to-morrow.
GEORGE A. NEWHALL, Vice President.
His Excellency Jofcph B. Sayers, Governor
of Texas. Au«lin: Please accept assurance of
our d^pf'st sympathy for the sufferers from the
great disaster which has befallen rour t?tate.
We arc dolne our utmost to «>:id assistance.
CHAMBER OF COMMERCE.
Per 0K0R0E A. NEWHALL. Vice President.
Secretary Scott was kept bu^y attend
ing to the business of looking after the
money which came in, and more is prom
ised to-day.
Yesterday's subscriptions were as fol
lows:
Ancient Order Hibernians. T>OO OO
The Dried <Pruit Grotrersj
Porter Dro». « <.mj.:in y. . . ?I<(O CM>
I nr-tlr- IlroK. 1<M» On
J. K. Armibr rompuny... 1OO OO
Roneiilierir Dron. & Co.... 100 OO
Gagffenhiuie A Co 1OO OO
The Johnson-Locke Mer
cantile Comimny ....... 1OO On
Phoenix ItnKln Seeding
and Packing Company. . 100 00
J. D. Inderrledrn Co 1OO OO
Gr!f3n Jfc Skelley Co 1OO OO
J. F. t'lrlclm . SO OO
Charle* \V. IMke & Co..... 25 OO
California Pratt Erapor
mlnc Company- 25 OO
Total $1,000 OO
The Chamber of Coramercei
Chamber of Commerce, of
Sau Pranclaeo *1OO OO
A . II. Forbes ............. CO OO
John Kent field A Co 50 OO
Meyer Wilton & Co. ...... 50 OO
The Ulcka-Jadd Compnjiy. so OO
G. M. JoKRelyn A Co...... 25 OO
Selbr Smelting and Lead
Company 50 00
II. .M. Ae«l.nll A Co SO OO
J. n. P. Darin .t Son...... 25 OO
W. Clark St. Son 25 OO
Slade. Lumber Company. . . 20 00
John Roftenfeld'a Son*". . . 50 00
John Simpson ........... 5 OO
C««Ii 2 OO
N. Van He re en & Co 5O OO
Pacific Surety Company... 20 OO
nt*Klnfr.er A. Co 25 OO
nitkr, Moffltt A Tnnnc... r»O OO
Williams. Dlmond &. Co.. CO OO
Edvrard Ilroivn &. Sons. ... 2O 00
John Dolbeer ....:. 23 OO
I), de Dernardl & Co 1O OO
Ghtra-rdelli &. Sons. ....... 23 00
Total $71)7 OO
The Hoard of Tradei
t'nlon Iron Works. ....... 9100 OO
Sells Bros 1O <M>
$chloss Crockery Company 20 OO
John A. Rocbllns:'* Sons'
Company ?... 23 OO
The Gntta Percba and
Rubber Slanufacfurlns:
Company 1O OO
Jones-1'addock Company. 25 OO
Pnlton EnKlneerinK and
Shipbuilding Works.... 50 00
Slebe Shoe Company 1O OO
ICast-GIanvIHe Shoe Co.. jo OO
I.ansrley 4t Mtchnels Co. . . r.<» OO
D. K. &. E. Walter & Co... 50 OO
J. Brett & Co 5 <><»
Graf Bros. 1O O«>
Goodyear Rubber Co..... 50 00
Stein, Simon A Co........ no OO
Redlnsrton A Co 5OOO
Wfllard Bros 1<( 00
A. I. Hall & Son S3 OO
Sanborn, Vail Jt Co.'..... 25 OO
BaM-Hneler Paint Co.... 20 OO
<"harlek R. Allen ' 100 OO
W. J£ J. MoRiie A: Co. ..... "" 10O OO
J. J. Printer Knitting; Co.. SO of)
Melnbercer & KnlUber. . 25 OO
Cnnnlncliam, Curtiws Jt
Welch «3 OO
Parrott A Co no OO
Tillmann & Bendcl ...... SO OO
Social Di'ratch to The Call.
SACP.AMEN'TO. Sept 14.— Governor
Cage to-day Issued the fjllowln?
proc'amaticn. calling upon the people"
to render assistance to the destitute
people of Galvtstcn. Tex.:
PROCLAMATION.
Executive Dr^artment,
St.it<» of California, Sacramento.
To the Pcvls of California:
Whereas, a ir.rst grievous tl'saster has be
fallfn the State of Tesss, occasioned by an
appalling hurricane v filing the city of Gal
vp?t.-.n ar.d ether towns in its vicinity, which
has rr.rulted in great lo?3 of human Uvea and
the wid«>spr*"n<i destruction of property.
And wfc»re««. the- peopl? of the State cf Cali
fornia ( nro TTJovfrt wirh sorrow over the fright
ful di?^fter and extend their deep sympathy to
the rer.rl? of Texas !n their extreme afrlictlon
and ei'r-trc?*.
An3 it ha^ been represents! to me.
IWj lith day of September. A. D. 1D€O. by his
Excellency Joseph D. Sayers. the Governor cf
Texas, that the surviving inhabitants of the
said city r.f Galveston ami of the a<ljac«Tit
towns swept hy the temrest are In dire neces
sitv for financial ays'stanee.
N'ow, therefore. I do sincerely appeal to ths
r«^l !e of the State of California. In the name.
<.f Christian charity and humanity, to j-«tn in
affording the distressed people of the devas
tated city of Gal.esiton arid ether destroyed
towns financial assistance.
I I recomnenrt that the Boards of Supervisor*
, of the several counties of this State anct the
j Slayers and councils of our several cities ap
| *?!r.t committees to collect money and to ob-
I tain supplies and to take such necessary ar-
I tion as nil! most promptly facilitate the char!
j table purpose of assisting the unhappy people
¦ of Texns in their great misfortune and extreme
d!:trers. ." t
i I also «pp?al to the individual citizens to eo
, operate in th:» necessary and humane work.
I rurther recommend that all money and con-
I tnbutlons be made through the medium of th#
I following citizens constituting a committee of
relisf. resident la th- city cf San Francisco,
whom I havo selecte.-i. to- wit: Msssrs. I. W.
Hellmau. William Alvord. Robert J. Tobtn.
Claus Spreckels. James L. Flood. A. A. Wat
k'ns (president or the Beard of Trade). Charles,
Nelson President of the Chamber of Com
merce), and F. W. Dorhmann (president of the
Merchants' Association).
The said committee Is invested with power to
appoint such other persons and subordinate
committees throughout the State as they may
deem requisite, and to take such steps in the
premises as they may doem advisable.
In witness whereof, I have hereunto set my
hand and caused the Great Seal of thia State
to be hereunto affixed, this 14th day of Sep
tember. A. E>. 1300.
HENRY T. GAGE.
Governor of the State of California.
Atte6t: C. F. CURRY.
_ Secretary of State
Ey J. HOESCH. Deputy.
The Chamber of Commerce of this city
?ive ?o S ?h£ ia r a ?,? e V n * thl l^ornln S rela
i to tno Galveston earamitx «7itf In
structed its president. William Schaw. to
appoint a special committee to collect
funds for the relief of the sufferers. Tho
committee will be announced to-morrow
morning.
Proclamation of the
Governor Caliing on
the People of the
State to Aid the
Sufferers.
Recommendation Made
That City anJ County
Official* Appo'nt Com
mitlees to Collect
iVV ney and Obtain
; Suppl es.
NOBLE RELIEF WORK OF UNION, STATE AND CITY.
M - ¦ ' -
THE SA]N FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 15, 1900.
To Cure a Cold in One Day
Take Laxative • Bromo Quinine Tablets. AH
druggists refund the money. If It falls to cure.
E.-TV. Grove's signature itt on each box.' 25c'*
Bare Philippine Jewels.
The rarest corals In the world are to be found
in the Philippines and have now become Amer
ican property. As precious as this Jewel Is
there is still a rarer one, and that la the Jewel
or health. It may be possessed by any one.
E^-i? U k *i ep "** «»*e»tlon active and the
)? W ?>, Fe S llar T 1U ? Hosteller's Stomach Bit
ters the king of all remedies for indigestion,
dyspepsia, constipation, biliousness, belchlnV
heartburn and sleeplessness. Try U. " B1 " uo *«
ST. LOUIS, Sept 14.— A special to the'
Post-Dispatch from. Memphis, Tenn.,
says:
A masked mob of between sixty and
one hundred men broke Into the jail at
Tunica, Miss., early to-day and, took out
three negroes, whom they strung up to a
tree within 100 yards of the Jail. Not a
shot was fired.
The dead negroes are Frank Brown, who
shot Frank Cneslre, a prosperous planter
at Oaklanding six months ago;. David
Moore, who shot Dan Bosewell .ten days
ago, and WUHam Brown, who : with con
federates shot and; cut to death a young
white man at State -Levee one day pre
vious. The lynching is a climax of the
intense feeling against desperate ; negroes
which has been brewing in the neighbor
hood of Tunica for months.
MOB IN MISSISSIPPI
LYNCHES THREE NEGROES
Z.
V.
B.
C.
O.
F\
H
I.
J.
L.
m.
O.
R.
s.
X,
V.
w.
2
The following telegram was re
ceived by the Board of Trade yes
terday:
GALVESTON, Sept 14.
A. A. Watkins, President
Board of Trade, San Fran
cisco: Many thanks for re
mittance. Send us all you can.
Distress appalling. ' Send all
money to John Sealy, treas
urer Relief Committee.
C. JONES, Mayor.
AUSTIN. Tex.. Sept. 14.— To his -
Excellency, Governor H. T. Gage. -
Sacramento: Your telegram re- <
ceived. I thank you very much in- ¦>
deed In behalf of the people of ->
Texas in the hour of our sorrow -<
and In the affliction and distress «
that has come upon our people. <
Whatever assistance your people «
may pive to us will be fully appre- «
dated and gratefully remembered. -
The disaster and loss of life is -
greater than has been reported. -
JOSEPH E>. SATERS.
Governor of Texas.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
DR. MEYERS SCO.
SPECIALISTS.
Diseases and Weakness of Men
We cure Lost Manhood and weak-
ness which accompanies it, also
Private Diseases, Varicocele.
Stricture. Blood Polnon. Diseases
of the Kidneys. Bladder, etc.
Patients may pay when well or in
- monthly Installments. Home cures
a specialty. Private book free at
pfflco or bs mall. Correspondence
confidential.
HOURS— Dally. S to 5. Evenings,
7 to 8. Sundays. 9 to 1L ELE-
VATOR ENTRANCE.
721 MARKET STREET,
~fyf San' Francisco.
yfBVDEWEY.STRONG&CO.^gV
>&^330 MARKET ST.SI.^mS^CORBETT MAKES LIGHT
OF HIS WIFE'S CHARGES
Says "Sore Heads" Axe Responsibls
for the Statement That the
McCoy Fight Was a Pake.
; QUEENSTOWN, Sept. 15.— A represen
tative of the Associated Press on board
lng tho Cunord line vteamer - Campaoia
MANCHESTER, Sept. 14.— The general
opinion Is that the' spinners. will stop uni
versally during th© first fortnight in Oc
tober. Some producers are , having . r»-'
course to Egyptian and '. Peruvian cotton
to ¦ complete their contract*- '
Spinner* Will Stop.
Rear Admiral Bradford to Mabe a
Bequest to Congress for a
Heavy Appropriation.
Special Dispatch to The CalL . *
WASHINGTON, Sept. 14.— In his forth
coming annual report Rear Admiral
Bradford, chief of the Bureau of Equip
ment will recommend that an appropria
tion bo made sufficient to make an ad
vance in equipment of vessels of the navy
with the wireless telegraph syBtem. f; "v
According to reports received by the
Navy Department, every maritime nation
of Europe has been experimenting with
wireless telegraph for its naval service,
and the Uritish nation has gone so far as
to make arrangements for equipping
thirtv-two of its vessela,with these in
struments". The Admiralty some months
auo authorized the expenditure of nearly
&0 000 in wireless telegraphy experiments,
rmd excellent results have been attained.
The Marconi system Is not now employed
bv the English service, and while the- sys
tem in use is not as satisfactory it is yet
of great value. During the August ma
neuvers of the squadron a disturbance of
the instruments on a vessel of one of the
fleets was found to be due to the presence,
out of telescopic range, of a hostile squad
ron This Government has been endeav
oring to educate navar officers, In operat
ing wireless telegraph instruments, and
the system has been installed at the New
port naval station. -^
The results were not entirely satisfac
torv, as on account of limited funds Ad
miral Bradford was not able to purchase
improved Instruments. It is expected he
wlfi as# Congress to appropriate at least
$25,000, which will be . used to develop a
practical system. .
WILL RECOMMEND USE
OF WIRELESS TELEGRAPHY
PACIFIC GROVE, Sept. 14.— J. H. Tol-
Us, one of the most rromlnent "business
men of this city, -died at hia home here
last night after a month's illness. Mr.
Tollis was born in England eighty-seven
vears ago and has resided in Pacific Grove
for the past eight years.
J. H. Tollis.
Rear Admiral Montgomery Slcard was
born in New York, September SO, 1834.
He was appointed to the navy October 1,
1851, and spent the next four years at the
Naval Academy; waa made master in
1S5S and commissioned lieutenant 1861. lieu
tenant commander 1862, commander 1S70,
captain 1881, commodore 1894, and rear
admiral April 1897. He served as execu
tive officer of the Oneida, West Gulf
squadron, 1S62-63, taking part In the de
struction of' the Mississippi forts and the
capture of New Orleans, as well as the
engagements with the Vicksburg bat
teries and the Confederate ram Arkansas.
He commanded the Seneca at both at
tacks on Fort Fisher, and a division In
the land assault on the same, January 15.
1S65 and took part in the bombardment
of Fort Anderson. From 1SS1 to 1SM> he
wa3 the chief of the Bureau of Ordnance
and introduced steel high power ordnance
Into tho navy. •-',", . *,_
He was commander in chief of tne
North Atlantic squadron in 1S37-08. but
about the time of the breaking out ot the
Spanish-American war was placed on
sick leave. After partial recovery was
president of the Naval War Board for
the war with Spain. He went on the re
tired list September 20. 1S9S.
ROME, N. Y.. Sept. 14.— Rear Admiral
Montgomery Slcard, retired, died of apo
plexy at 9 a. m. to-day at bis summer
homo at Westernville. .
ROBERTS URGES
BOERS TO GIVE
UP STRUGGLE
South A frica.
Proclamation Issued by the
British Commander in
STOCKTON, Sept. 14.— Three \ Southern
Pacific freight cars jumped the track here
to-night 'and 'Brakeman H. E, , Dala of
Brakeman Injured.
LONDON, '; Sept. 15.— Tho Imperial Gov
ernment, says the Cape Town correspond
ent of the Standard. Intends at an early
date to declare a. state of peace in South
Africa and to. Issue a proclamation that
Boers refusing to lay down their arms
will be treated as outlaws.
WARRING BOERS TO BE
TREATED AS OUTLAWS
LONDON, Sept. 14.— The following dis
patch has been received at the War Offioe
from Lord Roberts:
MACHADODORP, Sept. 13.— Krugw ha* fled
to Lourenzo Marques and Botha has been
obliged to give over the command of th* Boer
army temporarily to Vlljoen, on account of ill
health. In consequence of this I have circu
lated a Droclamation as follows:
"The late President- Kruger, with Reltz and
the archives of the South African republic, has
crossed the Portuguese frontier and arrived at
Lourenzo Marques, with the view of sailing for
Europe at an early date. Kruger has formally
resigned the position which he held as Presi
dent of the South African republic, thus sev
ering hia official connection with the Transvaal.
Kruger*s action shows how hopeless, in his
opinion, is the war which has been carried on
for nearly a year, and his desertion of tho
Boer cause should make clear to his fellow
bursrhers that It is useless to continue the
struggle any longer.
"It Is probably unknown to the Inhabitants
of the Transvaal and the Orange River Col
ony that nearly 15,000 of their fellow subjects
are now prisoners of war, not one of whom will
be released until those now under arms against
us surrender unconditionally.
"The burghers must be cognizant of the fact
that ' no intervention In their behalf can come
from any of the great powers and, further,
that tho British empire is determined to com
plete the work which has already cost so many
lives and to earn' to a conclusion the war de
clared acatnat her by tho late Government of
the - Transvaal ' and the Orange Free State, a
war to which there can be only one ending."
Lord Roberts' proclamation then points
out that with the exception of the small
area which General Botha^ is defending
the war has degenerated into irregular op
erations, which must come to an early
conclusion, and concludes:
! The means I am compelled to . adopt are
those which the customs of ¦ war prescribe as
applicable to such cases. They are ruinous to
th<» country, entail endless suffering to the
burghers and their families, and the longer
'this gruerrilla warfare continues the more vig
orously miut they be enforced. .
Have Laid Down Their
Arms,
i -
Says He Will Release No Prison
ers Until All the. Burghers
THE LATB REAR ADMIRAL
MONTGOMERY SICARD.
from New York handed to James J. Cor
bett a number of dispatches relating to
the charges made against him in New
York. He read them and said:
"It Is ridiculous to say that my fights
with Sharkey and McCoy wer© fakes."
Corbett and Marguerite Corneille, the
actress were booked as "Mr. and Mrs.
Martin." Her mother was with her and
Corbett occupied a separate stateroom.
"The allegations of Mesdames Corbett
and McCoy." Corbett said, "are too ridic
ulous to speak about. I am here only on
a pleasure trip. I may perhaps take part
in some sporting exhibitions. I have no
present intention of abandoning the ring.
"We traveled under assumed names Just
to have a quiet departure. I would re
gret for the lady's sake lf her name got
publicity. I was only introduced to Mile
Corneille on starting from New York and
George Considine, being acquainted with
her took the tickets in the name of 'Mar
1 Both Considine and Corbett laughed
heartily when the allegations regarding
the McCoy-Corbett fight were read over.
Considine said:
"They are just lying statements put for
ward by New Yorkers who have sore
heads and lost money over the battle.
The assertion that he had taken with
him 1170,000 greatly tickled, Corbett, who
said that In any event this was his private
Corbett and Considine said that all was
right and proper in the relations between
the former and Mile. Corneille, and they
professed to be astonished at tho reports
to the contrary from N«w York.
Corbett said he expected to proceed, to
London from Liverpool to-morrow, but
had arranged no set programme- for the
future. r t -¦- >'¦
MILWAUKEE, Sept. 14.— The Great In
cohonee of the Improved Order of Red
Men ' to-night appointed ;A. P. Calder of
Boston Great Tochakom, Adam Gciger of
Colorado Great Mlnewa and John A. Mc-
Graw l of Indianapolis great guard • of the
forest.- The propriety of starting an offi
cial Journal ..was reported favorably by a
committee • and - adopted. - Th« convention
adjourned. «ino dl«. ; . \ .
Bed Men Adjourn.
ST. JOHN, N. F.. Sept. 14.— Tales of
widespread destruction wrought by yes
terday's gale, 'continue to pour in. .Six
vessels were wrecked near St. Pierre and
six In Placentia Bay. It is. also reported
that four ,were lost in Renews Harbor,
two in the Straits, of .Belle Isle and four
near. Cane Bonavista. , s
Thus far fourteen lives are known
have been, lost and It Is feared that'the
loss of life will prove to have been much
greater when full Information is at hand.
tinue to Pour In.
BERLIN, Sept. 14.— It Is officially an
nounced by the board of directors of the
Dlsconto Gesellschaft that with the co
operation of the German Imperial Bank
and through the Intermediary of the Dis
conto Gesellschaft, the Deutsche Bank of
Hamburg and the Warburg Company of
Hamburg, Kuhn, loeb & Co. of New
York, acting in conjunction with the Na
tional City Bank of New York, have taken
over 80,000,000 marks of 4 per cent treasury
bonds of the German empire falling due
in 1904 and 1905. With the approval of the
Imperial Bank, the Issue will be placed
on the market in the United States.
SIX VESSELS WRECKED
OFF NEWFOUNDLAND
Fourteen Lives; Known to Have Been
I/ost and. Tales of Disaster Con-
Country.
German Securities May Soon Be
Placed on the Market in This
Senor Rivera was formerly Secretary of
State in the Puerto Rlcan Cabinet, while
In Washington last year he contended to
the Attorney General that Puerto Rico
became an integral part of th© United
States the moment the treaty of peace
between Spain and this country was rati
fied.
BONDS TO BE SOLD
IN THE UNITED STATES
Special Cable to Tho Call and New York Her
ald. Copyright. 1900. by the Herald Pub
lishing ComDany.
SAN JUAN, Puerto Rico, Sept. 14.— A
republican mob attacked the printing of
fice of the Dlaro de Puerto Rico last even
ing 1 . Doors, windows, type, shelves and
all material and furniture were destroyed.
There was great turmoil. Shots were
fired and there were shouts of "Death to
Federals." The disturbance lasted twenty
minutes, but the police did not interfere.
Anarchy holds sway in the country.
High authorities are indifferent to the
popular cry for order.
Property and life lack guaranty. We
are without a government.
MUNOZ RIVERA-
Are Indifferent.
Senor Rivera Complains That An.
archy Prevails and Authorities '
Oakland was thrown from tho top of one
car and bruised about the head, but not
seriously hurt. He fell on the side of his
head and had a narrow escape from se
rious injury.
m
PRINTING OFFICE IN
PUERTO RICO DESTROYED
REAR ADMIRAL SICARD
ANSWERS LAST CALL
flve years connected with the local department
of the Democrat, haa resigned to accept the
business management and local editorship of
the Vacavilla Reoorter.
SAN JOSE. Sept. 14.— Jack Ortega, held under
J23,P00 bonds on the charge of assaulting littlo
Grade Gamble, -was formally arraigned before
the Superior Court to-day, and entered a pie*
of not tcuilty. His trial has not been set.
SAUNAS. Sept.- 14.— A 'petition bearing the
signatures of business men In Monterey County
asking the- Board of Supervisors to remove the
license tax from business conducted in Incor
porated cities has been liberally signed by the
merchants of Salinas. -
SPOKANE. Wash.. Sept. 14.— Charles A.
Towne and Senator Allen of Nebraska opened
th© campaign for the Democracy here to-night.
They suoke in a laree tent to an audience of
8000. Mr Towne was the speaker of the even-
Ing. Senator Allen made a brief address.
SANTA CRUZ. 8ept. 14.— A nnmtwr of Im
provements are to be inada at Twin Lakes,
the Eaotist summer resort. The hotel Is to
be enlarged. A new dinln(?-room and sleeping
apartments are to be added and the building 1 «
to be repainted. A number of new cottages are
also to be erected.
LOS ANGELES. Sept. 14.— Sheriff Hammel cf
Ramona Parlor. N. S. G. W.. has returned
from the- celebration of the Native Sons at San
Francisco. The Sheriff, while In San Fran
cisco, was struck by the manner In which tha
police force roan&sed the immense crowd of
visitors.
PHOE35TX. Arls., Sent. 1*.— A dispatch to
night from the 8acaton agency states that thu
trouble there with the Pima Indians has been
adjusted and that the bucks, who rebelled anri
threatened. violence lf their children were, forced
to attend the Government school, have sub
sided. The ringleaders were arrested.
T\ T EW YORK. Sept. 14.— R. M. ,OU
|\ I phant, president of the Delaware
I \i and Hudson Railroad, said he
I would not reply to the telegram
*** from John Mitchell, president of
the United Mine-workers of America, de
manding arbitration for the differences
! existing between the company and its
mpn. He called attention to the fact that
it was sent from Indianapolis WecLnesday
afternoon at 4:20 o'clock and was received
by him at 4:42, and that the strike order
was issued at '5:30.
"It seems to me," said Mr. Oliphant,
"that tells the whole tale. Mr. Mitchell
said this telegram was the one last effort
to settle the grievances said to exist be
tween the company and its employes. So
far as I am aware this is the first attempt
he ever made to settle the matter.
"I have always been ready to treat with
our men and am ready to do so now, but
wo have yet to learn from our men them
selves that they are dissatisfied with their
treatment. We do decline to treat with
Mr. Mitchell and the organization he rep
resents. The trouble has all been foment
ed by the bituminous unions.
"We shall all shut down the collieries
and wait for the men to return. We have
no desire to foment disorder and shall not
encourage it by bringing in new men.
William V. S. Thorne of the Pennsyl
vania Coal Company, which employs 8000
men, declared that he took a similar posl
tlon.
Men "Will All Go Out
HAZELTON, Pa., Sept. 14.— Mining, ope
rations are in full blast, every miner be
ing anxious to work to-day and to-mor-
Gompers "Will Speak.
SHAMOKIN, Pa., Sept. 14.— A telegram
was received by John Fahey, president of
the Ninth District, United Mine Workers
of America, from Samuel Gompers, presi
dent of the Federation of Labor, an
nouncing that he would be here on Sun
day to address a mass meeting which the
strike leaders* expect to be attended by
at least 1C.000 mine workers. This is in
terpreted by the strikers to mean that a
man from the federation will assist them
in their strike.
SCRANTON, Pa., Sept. 14.— There is no
longer any question as to a general if not
a complete tie-up of the mines in the
Lackawanna region Monday morning. To
day, three days before the strike order
goes into effect, 15,000 of the 33.000 miners
are on strike; twenty-one of the ninety
seven collieries are forced into ldlene&s
and by noon to-morrow the union leaders
claim the tie-up will be complete.
The one thing the * operators in . and
about Scranton mainly based their hopes
on was that the Delaware, Lackawanna
and Western miners, numbering a third
of the whole district and operating a fifth
of the collieries, would decline "to obey the
strike order. The Lackawanna' s men
have an independent union and as It was
favored by the company a majority of
thfe. employes permitted themselves to be
enrolled in It. The organization declared
against striking and the company lived in
hope that It would act in accordance with
this declaration.
To-day the mlneworkers' officials wer©
jubilant over the fact that of the twenty
one collieries that are completely shut
down nine are those of the Delaware,
Lackawanna and Western Company,
which has twenty-three collieries.
had not heard of such a thing and did
think there was anything in it.
WILKESBARRE, Pa., Sept. 14.— The
grievance committee of the Lehlgh
Valley Railroad Company employes
continued its session in' this city to-day.
All proceedings are secret. : A call has
been issued for a meeting to-night of all
brotherhood men residing In Wilkes
barre and vicinity. A member of the
grievance committee was asked whethor
It was true, as reported, that tho Lehigh
Valley employes would quit work in case
an attempt was made to ship bituminous
coal over the road. He replied that he
Secret Session Held.
INDIANAPOLIS, Ind., Sopt. 14Ajohn
Mitchell, president, and W. B. Wilson,
secretary and treasurer of the United
Mine-workers of America, to-day say they
are highly pleased with the maner in
which the general anthracite coal strike
has been received by the public. Mitchell
says he regrets deeply that politicians
are. undertaking to make capital out of
the strike.
"I have hoped," said he, "that there
would be no political significance at
tached to so serious a matter as this
great strike, involving as it does the
very living of 143,000 wage-earners, who
have felt the merciless foot of capital
for two decades."
Mitchell is preparing to leave for Hazel
ton. Pa., to-morrow night, where he will
establish headquarters. His policy, he
says, as well as that of all leaders in the
strike, will be to persuade tho workers to
remain- away. • ¦ : ¦ '
Politicians Denounced.
row, the last two days allowed by tho
United Mine-workers for preparations for
the strike. Strike Leader Benjamin
James says he has received reports from,
every mine to the effect that the men will
SO o'ut on strike as ordered.
THREE MEN WHO ARE DIRECTING THE STRIKE.
JOHX P. KEARNEY OF ARCHBALD AND HENRY COLLINS OF CARBONDALE, BOTH MEMBERS OF THE
EXECUTIVE BOARD -OF UNITED MINE WORKERS, AND JOHN T. DEMPSEY, SECRETARY-TREASURER OF
DISTRICT NO. 1, UNITED MINE WORKERS.
PKKENG, Sept. E. via Shanghai. Sept.
14. — Prinze Chicg arrived here yesterday,
eccoxr.par.:ed by an escort of British and
Japanese cavalry. He epent the night in
Ills own palace. Sharp diplomatic play
is expected for an advantage, but any
definite negotiations will not take place
cutil LA Hur.g Chang has arrived and the
question of bis authority shall have been
disposed of. The Jaoar.ese Minister to
China, Baron Xoshii, ttated to a repre
sentative of the Assocltaed Press that he
v.-i*=h» j d an investigation to be made of Li
Hurg Chang's credentials, as he believed
that Prince Ching was the only man with
authority in the premises.
The Associated I'rcs^ representative saw
Prince Chine to-day, thanks to the cour
tesy of the Japanese guards. The Prince
raid he trusted that in the Immediate iu
tur« everything would b« settled satis
factorily. He thoueht the treatment
of Peking- "unnecessarily crael, as was true
cs regards private property. He was
thankful, however, that the Sacred City
had been preserved. He had come to Pe
king-, be eaid, with full authority from the
Emperor to obtain peace by any necessary
eacrlflce, but be felt sure the generosity
cf the powers would not exact anything
degrading: to the dignity of China or en
croaching upon Chinese territory and he
hoped within a month to see the harvest
Fathered and homes being rebuilt. Prince
Chirg thinks a great blow has been given
LONDON. Sept. 14.— Li Hung Chang will
be taken on board a Itusfian warship at
V.usuns and received by the Russians at
Ta :. say? the Shanghai correspondent of
thi Morning Post, and he will be accom
;..:;¦.; by the Chinese Minister of Rail
\:n i .- .
According to tne Shanghai correspon
; the Times, wiring on Wednesday,
.;.i considers that the preliminary
difficulty of the negotiations consists in
tii- !,ccf«itv, v.'hieh he realizes, of de
j »un< :rz I'rfneo Tuan and hi? accomplices
to the throne. He is of the opinion that
ft i»-ould be advisable for the ailies to Uxke
tit« iajjti»uv*» liy aoinpilimz a list of Lhose
-'¦:<i chiefly r4-ipor.sibie.and by formulat
ir.:; tlVelr demands accordingly.
Other Shujighai dispatches locate the
Empress Dowager -<n September S at
li.-ii.irciiou, two days' march lroin Tai
- . Fa. - -.
The Times has advices from Peking,
dated September 1, raying that 5<w> Rus
f:;;d arrived there during the pre
ik three days.
Che Paris coirespondent of the Morning:
~ays: France and Russia, I have
¦:: u^sureo 1 , have agreed to demand the
•te disarmament of China, inclu«l
' ;:;^r the razing of the Taku forts and the
: : ::t>iuions and arsenals elsewhere.
Xn« Huwsiaji location in Peking, accord-
Ing to ol Taku special dated Tuesday, was
then preparing to move to Tientsin or
Fotne other port owing to the difficulty of
<.r..:-rvu nioatir.fr with the home authorities.
Geoerml ChaJTee is preparing to make
his troopa camfortable for the winter.
\Vben a^ked his opinion resardin? the
eituatk>n he is reported to have answered:
"It would be better for the United States
troops to leave, but in any event the
Chinese Christians will be provided for."
PRINCE CHING TAKEN
BACK TO PEKING
CAX-L BUREAU. WELLINGTON
HOTEL. WASHINGTON. Sept. 14.
Minister Conger has given tho ad
ministration his views as to the
policy that should be pursued in
L-'hina. Acting Secretary of State Adec
¦eceived to-day a lengthy cablegram from
:he Minister. The dispatch was at once
communicated to Attorney General
Grlggs. senior member in Washington,
who Immediately called up the President
do. the long distance telephone and con
sulted with him about it. The Attorney
General wouid eay nothing about its con
tents further than it was advisory. 11
was in answer to a <Si?patch sent to Min
ister Oor.ger more than a week ago and
a hifrti official of the administration sain
tonight that it contained nothing that
would in any way change the policy ol
this Government in the matter of with
drawing American troops from Pek'np.
It was also said that th>» message <iid not
indicate that the French and Russian
troops had already withdrawn. No ad
ditional Instructions have been eent to
(jeneraJ Chnffee a? the result of the Con
ger messaere. though it was intiraa.tc'3
that a message mifrht tvesent him to
morrow. A message was received from
General Chaffee to-day confirming the're
port from Consul Ooodnow that ten Amcr
leans had been massacred at Paotlng-Fu.
Minister IVu Tiny Tang- caJied at llic
State Department this morning and coia-
Biunkatc'd a dispatch from Li Hung
Char.s saying that the latter would leav:
to-day for P,iiine by way of Tientsin.
MiniAer Wu also informs the State .De
partment thai an Imperial decree naa
been lssu»d directing Yung l/i to joir,
with Prince Ching and L! Hung Chang m
peace commissioners. Yung Lu is one ol
the leaders of tls*- anti-foreign faction in
Cr.ina ana it is doubtful whether his ap
pointment urill be acceptable to all the
powers. He la understood to have been
implicated in the present anti-foreign
troubles. . M -'
Minister Wu haf no confirmation of the
report that Russia hP.s insisted that the
v mperor shall return and assume full di
rection of affairs in Poking, displacing the
Errpress Dowager, and that l->rince M'uan
Fhail r-e punished for his part in the re
cent trouble. The Minister had no ad
ditional Information as to the assurance*
of LI Hvr\g Clung that American life and
property in China would be protected.
The ad'rninistratinn would like to ha\ •:
more than mere assurance. It would likt
some pV>;=itiv<» guarantee of such protec
tion, but at the same time it is doubted
whether U Hung Chans: or any one els':
in the Chinese t-mpirp could give eucn a
guarantee at this time and make it good,
It is I* ;i?""ed. however, that the imperial
authorities are now so anxious to open
peace negotiations that they will do all
ha tr:*-:r jxjwer to afford protection to for-
WILL DEMAND^THE
DISARMAMENT OF CHINA
SHANGHAI. Sept. 14.— M Hung Chang
has started north. It is rumored that the
Germans intend to se!ze. the Grand Canal
at- several points, in order to protect their
interests in* Shantung.
HONGKONG. Sept. 14.— Orders have
been issued for the Third Brigade to pro
ceed to Welhaiwei immediately.
GERMANY MAY SEIZE
THE GRAND CANAL
PEKING, Saturday. Sept. 8.— There was
a grand thanksgiving service to-day In
the cathedral for the preservation of the
lives of those who were besieged by the
Chinese here. All the Roman Catholics
and many Americans and soldiers wor»
present. Baron von Ketteler's murderer
has been identified by his interpreter
The murderer declares he was Ignorant of
the identity of his victim.
GRAND THANKSGIVING
SERVICE AT PEKING
Special Cable to The Call and New York Her
eld. Copyright. 1900, by the Herald Pub
l'.sh!-r Company.
BERLIN. Sept. 14.— The Foreign Office
denies that It knows anything t about
America being: desirous to leave the Eu
ropean concert lf the powers would not
agree to nominate peace commissioners.
German officials declare that such state
ment* of the American press are only
dictated by reasons of internal politics.
Germany does not yet acknowledge UL
Hung Chang's authority as sufficient. '
TIEN'TSIN. Sept. 12 (via Taku. Sept.
IS).— The expedition under General Dor
ward again«t the Boxers threatening the
Tientsin region reached Tuliu, on the
Grand Canal, without opposition, and the
city was occupied without a shot being
fired. Three columns converging there
vesterday. after a two days' march, found
that the 'place had already surrendered to
one officer and eight Bengal Lancers.
General Dorward ordered the town
burned after it had been thoroughly
looted. '
The villages en route made peace offer
ing!? and In most cases were undisturbed.
Apparently the Boxers have disbanded in
that region, and the whole country Is
qu!8t .
GERMAN INFORMATION
ON AMERICA'S ATTITUDE
He regretted all the recent troubles and
said he had no desire except "to smooth
them over impartially."
At another stage of the interview LI
Hung Chang said he deplored the fact
that the newspapers -were prejudiced
against him and asserted that this oppo
sition originated with the English press
of Shanghai.
The correspondent remarked that the
Americans had never been prejudiced
against him, whereupon Li Hung Chang
quickly demanded, "Why don't they ac
cept me as a negotiator?"
Questions put to Li concerning the set
tlement which the Chinese Government
wanted to make, were diplomatically par
ried. He said:
"China has her views as to what set
tlement is desirable and tho powers have
their views. We will meet and negotiate."
Askf-d whether China expected demands
for the cession of territory as indem
nity, Lf Hung Chang replied: "I am in
communication with some of the govern
ments. 1 have found that they have no
disposition to ask for land."
The correspondent said: "There is great
curiosity abroad to hear an explanation
of the contradictory edicts in the
name of the Dowager Empress during
th« siege."
Li Hung, speaking deliberately, said:
"The Empress, at the beginning, was
badly advised. She was told the Boxers
had Vupernatural powers, that they could
not be injured and were able to make it
very hot for the foreigners. She be
lipvpd this, but afterward found it wa3
not true.
"The papers are incorrect In saying she
was coerced tnto Issuing edicts. The
Chinese Government is despotism. No
one can coerce the Empress. She, like all
other rulers, 1p dependent on her ad
visors, and sometimes their advice is bad
and sho may be mipled."
When the correspondent was leaving
the Interpreter raid:
"The Viceroy hoprs you will not give a
ba.l impression of him to the American
papers. He says he Is a very old man—
the oldest to take part In these negotia
tions—that he ha? had much experience
!n these affairs: that he Is the only man
who can help the foreign governments as
well as the Chinese, and that he will try
and arrange a settlement fair to all
parties." .
TULIU SURRENDERS
WITHOUT OPPOSITION
SHANGHAI. Sept. 12.-L1 Hung Chang
informed a representative of. the Asso
ciated Press to-day that he will start for
Tientsui Friday, September 14, that he
will go to Peking if circumstances de
mand it and that Prince Chine arul he
had full authority from the Dowagur Em
press ana Kmperur to ntsgotiate a settle
ment with the powers, explaining that
there were no other commissioners for
China.
The audience lasted for an hour, the
correspondent being interviewed, rather
man tne Viceroy. Li asked many ques
liuns about the lighting at Tientsin, the
relief of Peking, tne number of troops ol
t-acn pov.er in ohlna, their disposition and
ihe righting qualities of the cnincse. how
PcKing was uefcnded and what bodies of
Chinese fought best. He expressed re
gret at tne privations of the women and
children in .Peking.
.During the interview LI Hung Chang
asked the correspondent if Ministers
Conger and Macdunald appeared to have
suffered much, and when told that Mr.'
Conger lost seventy pounds, he laughed
merrily and remarKea that this was a
"poor recommendation for horseflesh."
Li Hung Chang also inquired whether
the correspondent had geen much abuse of
the Chinese or any ravishing or killing
of women and children and when told
that the abuses were practically confined
to the Russians, he said this was "doubt
less due to lack of discipline," and turned
to the subject of looting, being anxious to
know how much Government treasure the
allies had o'jlained. 'When informed that
the Japanese were reported to have taken
50,000,000 taels from the revenues offices at
P.king. Lf Hung Chang said: "The rumor
must have added two ciphers to the real
amount."
Throughout the interview Li Hung
Chang appeared to be i:i fine spirits and
talked as one removed, by reason of his
age and experience, from the field of con
troversy.
to Chinese commerce, but does not believe
the loss to" the city is irreparable, for a
more mapnlficent one may arise from the
ashes. The IJussinn.s expect Li Hung
Chang to arrive here within a few days.
They do not want to commit themselves
In any way until he comes, though they
say they are willing to hear what Prince
Ching has to say.
»
LI HUNG CHANG WISHES
A FAIR SETTLEMENT
You remember, in 1892, when you were also
told that some men had made too much money
and wanted you to vote the capitalist down.
I am sorry to say that the country did vote,
and you got him down, but afterward we found
that the rest of us were down under him. VTe
all went down— that was the trouble.
We have the right to appeal to you on two
grounds: In the first place, upon the ground
that our performances have squared with our
promises. Mind you, that is what <t promise is
worth. Seoond, we have the right to appeal
to you upon the ground that our opponents
FARGO, N. D., Sept. 14.-rGovernor
Roosevelt and his party of cam
paigners rested in Fargo to-night
after a day of speech-making in
this State and Almnesota. The Gov
ernor addressed two meetings in Fargo.
The first was at the opera-house, which
was the larger, and the other at the ar
mory. Preparations had been made for a
large demonstration, but rain put a stop
to the street parade and fireworks. Gov
ernor Roosevelt said at the opera-housa
in part:
This nation has gone forward with the stride
of a giant across the continent and now clasps
with her hands the islands of the sea, as the
new century is about to open. Are we, thu
heirs of ages, are we. who claim proudly that
we stand foremost among the people of the
earth, are we now to shrink back frdm what
is but a little task, a task not needing th»
expenditure of more than a fraction of our
huge might? Are we. whose forefathers put
into the field a half million of men and who
fougrht to a finish the giant civil war, are we
to flinch from a lesser, a task so much less
that it Is not counted in the balance, which
cannot' be weighed when compared with the
other?
Are we to open the twentieth century by
flinching . and saying we no longer claim the
right to stand amid the great nations of the
world and perform our duty? No, the Ameri
can people cannot and will not take - such a
position. To abandon the Philippines now would
only be. to show themselves weaklings, to show
themselves cravens, unable or fearful to per
form the tasks that providence has laid upon
us, but it would show that we had foully
abandoned the men in those islands who had
confided In our good faith. Xo, gentlemen, i
appeal to yon to re-elect President McKinley
because it has been given him to embody the
cause of national prosperity and the broad
doctrine that this American nation never goes
backward.
Earlier in the day Governor Roosevelt
made a three-minute talk at Wllmot from
the rear platform of the private car Min
nesota.
When the train arrived at Slsseton the
rain was falling fass and. an open-air
; meeting which had been /arranged for
was impossible. A stand was erected near
the. track and a crowd with umbrellas
had assembled to listen to the speakers.
j The Governor attempted to talk, but
1 his sympathy for his hearers, who were
, bravely standing in the rain, caused him
to desist. He entered a carriage and was
driven to the opera-house, whither the
crowd followed him, and there ho spoke
a few minutes.
This Is on the bdrder of the Sioux res
ervation and a large number of Indians
had come Into the little town to listen and
to see what was going on. On his return
to the train from the opera-house Gov
ernor Roosevelt observed a group of fifty
or more Indians standing on the street.
He Jumped out of the carriage and shook
hands with the members of the group to
: their evident delight and distributed a
: handful of McKinley buttons among the
1 crowd.
The train then started on Its return
journey to Milbank, where It arrived at
half-past 1 o'clock in the afternoon,- re
mained thirty minutes and proceeded to
Ortonville, Minn., where it arrived at 3
o'clock.
Here some more speech-making followed
in the rain. Governor Roosevelt In tho
course of his speech said:
You recollect four years ago the appeal that
was made through this country to one class
against another and the effort to array tho
West apainst the East, the workingman against
the capitalist and the farmer against the busi-
CHICAGO. Sept. 14.— Clara Foltz. tho
lawyer, has been employed by Senator
Hanna to make campaign speeches. She
har not been assigned as yet, but prob
ably will begin her tour in Kentucky
about October 1. Two weeks later she
will come to Chicago to make speeches
hero and elsewhere in Illinois.
CLARA FOLTZ TO MAKE
REPUBLICAN SPEECHES
DOVER, Del., Sept. 14.— The two Repub
lican factions of Delaware, known as the
regulars and union (or AdfUcks) Repub
licans, united to-day and agreed upon tho
following ticket:
Governor, John Hunn; Lieutenant Gov
ernor, Philip Cannon; State Treasurer. M.
B. Burrls; Auditor. P. B. Borman: In
surance Commissioner. Dr. G. W. Mar
shall; Attorney General, H. Ward.
WARRING FACTIONS
IN DELAWARE UNITE
COL.UMBUS. Ohio, Sept. 14.— The Ohio
Democrats opened their campaign here
to-day with a meeting in the afternoon at
Goodale Park and in the evening at tho
Goodale Auditorium. William J. Bryan
made speeches at both meetings and there
was a large attendance of Democratic
leaders from all parts of the Statf-.
Previous to the afternoon meeting Mr.
Bryan was tendered a. reception at the
Great Southern Hotel and he was es
corted to the park by a number of State
marching clubs.
Mr. Bryan spoke for one and a quarter
hours. His audience numbered many
thousands of people and they pave cln«o
attention a3 well as frequent cheers. The
speech was a general review of the polit
ical situation, and it was evidently In
tended to set a pace for the campaign in
Ohio. He began with a reference to the
local conditions, touching briefly near the
outset upon the stand taken in behalf r>;
the Democracy by Mayor Jone3 of Toledo
and then launching into national affairs.
made prophecies four years ago that came
false. You can't recollect all of them.. i!r.
Bryan prophesied asain and asain. at Minneap
olis, at New York, where he addressed that
noble band of reformers, Tammany Kali: and
at Indianapolis aealn ana again he said "K
you vote the Republican ticket times will be
harder and harder,"
Again. "If you vote for the g-old standard you
vote for four more year3 of hard times."
And again. "If you vote for the scold standard
the farmer will find th;it the priced o£ his
products will grow steadily lower."
Again, "If you vote for the gold standard"" th<»
wage worker will find that he stands idle more
and more."
Again. "If you vot» the Republican ticket
the business raefi will find that the number ot
failures will increase and the amount of bank
deposits will decrease."
Now I ask you not to take my word for it.
but to think of your own experience and com
pare how things actually were; how the condi
tions were in your own State, and in your swn
town, with what Mr. Kryan prophesied, and at
the same time that you look over his speech
and see what he said four years ago ana see
If things hava come out M he prophesied they
T};ould. So I ask you to support us because
we have kept cur word.
What we want to-day is to continue at Wash
ington the men and the measures that have
obtained and been put In practice then> during
the past four years.
The train en route to JFargo. where it
remained over night, slopped at Wahpe
ton, where some speaking was Indulged
in.
DEMOCRATS OPEN
CAMPAIGN IN OHIO
Are Quiet.
Satmattoe ta the Aetlhiracite Region Grows
More Serious, Ibtuit Strikers
ROOSEVELT TALKS OF
FAITH AND PROMISES
Dakota,
Repiabmcae* Nomieee Hakes a Serfes
of Stirrimg Speeches In North
REFUSAL TO ARBITRATE
WITH STRIKING MINERS
CONGER'S VIEWS ON
POLICY TOWARD CHINA
Decided Upon.
Suggests Plans Evidently am Con=
sonaoce With Those - Already .
Special Dispatch, to The CalL
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY; SEPTEMBER 15, 1900.
COAST NEWS IN BRIEF.
BOISE, Irtaho. Sept. 14. — The Governor to-day
reprieved Tec Wee, a Chinaman sentenced to
hang on September 31, until October 12. Wee
killed a fellow celestial in Hailey.
BUTTE. Mont, Sept. K— Thomas Kelly and
James Murray were killed in the Stewart mine
this morning by an explosion of powder in the
magazine on ' one of the lower levels.
• [W'OODLiAND. -. BepU . 14.- R. - D. WUlott, ¦ tot
3
C/he&ays &ead
ADVERTISEMENTS.
e-S-H-M-X 1 1 H-M-I "H-XvX-X-**
1 ||
2 Now t
•$•
X California Industries $
T Illustrated Edition of the £
J S. F. NEWS LETTER; j
T 100 pages, giving the most *
2 comprehensive idea of 1*
jl ivhal California produces %
T and how tlve work is done. T
T ***
X 4-
j. Don't t
H f • •$•
± SEND IT TO YOUR FRIENDS. II
i price 25 cents. ::
Any one getting a suit made at
my tailoring establishments can
depend upon it being first-class in
every respect. .
Every garment is made in the
latest prevailing style, trimmed
with linings to match in every de-
tail. >
My suits are equal to the best —
prices are moderate. ',
Fine Oxford Gray Suits, Si 7-30
very stylish s *
Elegant Blue and Black $3=*.5O
Cheviots ¦«
Fin© Worsted Suits for SQA.00
dress purposes ¦^•\f >
Nobby Overcoats, finely $Qf~|.CO
tailored
Very Stylish Pants, deslr-' SJ1.5O
able patterns *
« Money returned
if dissatisfied. *
JOEPOHE/M,
V- THE TAILOR, 5
1110-1112 MABKET STREET, j
201-203 MONTGOMERY STREET, S.P.teurs. Prominent In these contests will
be two young swimmers. Lester Hammer
smith and D. A. Carroll. Hammersmith
is the strong swimmer in the 25 and 50
yard distances. Carroll in the 100 and 220.
Both these swimmers are in constant
training and are always ready for im
promptu or set matches.
Recently Lester Hammersmith went
north with Sidney Caviil for the swim
ming races at Astoria, but he was unsuc
cessful In securing matches with any of
Swimming is an all-the-year sport in
San Francisco owing to the inclosed tank
facilities. The Olympic Club 'directors
will hold during the next few months sev
eral championship events open to all ama-
Natatorial Athletes of the Olympic Club Who Have Made Records
and Who Will Soon Prepare for a
Series of Races.
IF the University of California can develop two strong guardst. a halfback and
a- fullback her football team for 1300 will be quite as strong; as the maprrifl
cent aggregation that crushed Stanford last year to the tune of 30 to 0. Only
five of last year's victorious eleven remain to begin the new season— Captain
Pringle at right tackle; Zombie and Hill, ends; Cornish, center, and Smith,
halfback.
There still remain, however, brilliant men on the substitute list who Hst sea
son fought their way close up to the coveted positions. Clay, tackle, and Ker
foot. quarter, should slip into two of tho six vacant places. Men to take Hall's
position at halfback and Kaarsberg's at full are anxiously looked for. Mini,
Duden. Lipman. Gammon and More are aH small men. but have proved repeat
edly that they have the making of first class backs.
Possibly the freshman class may develop the rlgfht material for these Impor
tant vacancies. It has six men of known ability who may make the team over
the veteran substitutes of the upper classes. Whipple from Centerville. Sherman
of Belmont. Ramsaur from Occidental College. Fautz of Boone's. Starr of St.
Paul's School and Overall from Visalia are likely men who enter with good repu
tations.
But the most serious problem is that of placing Greisberg and Athern, last
year's pair of crack guards. Castlehun, who played sub-guard and tackle in '97,
is back and will make a bid for one of the places. Overall, who Is a candidate
for fullback, may be tried on the line. He weighs 200 pounds and should make a
formidable guard. Hendricks. a young giant In the sophomore class, will appear
for the first time also. It is possible that Clay may have to be moved from
tackle to guard and his place jriven to Hansen. Albertson or Stone.
Coach Kelly meets his colts for the first time on Monday afternoon. Nearly
100 men will appear on the field, one-naif of whom are freshman candidates.
CALIFORNIA WILL HAVE
SIX VETERAN PLAYERS
BRIGHT ARE FOOTBALL
PROSPECTS AT STANFORD
THE football seoon has already heon op^nod at Stanford The farly arrival
nf Coach Yost did much to oneourajr*- tho old men and enthuse the new
nnr-s. The active work of the wook Has hoen rnnninp with th<> ball, hand
ling punts= and forming Interference. As yet none of lho heavier work has
bewi attempted, and it ls not likoly th?i the teams will line up jigairst
earh othrr for another ten days. Yosl's Idea is to get the mr-n in condition
firs=t. incidentally teaohlnK them the fine points of their positions, leaving the
reFt to the rouph-and-tumble scrimmages.
All but four of last year's team will hf p«en In tho parr.c nsain this year.
Both rnd p^Fitions. quarter and. right guard must bo filled hy new material. For
the Inner plare fVeley of Williams Colk-pe seems the mopt available man. as he
rtimps with a pood record made on tlie Eastrrn cridfrnn. But the man in whom
a!i have unbounded confidence and who is expected to do a slant's share in re
jraininp Stanford's foot hall lnurcls is Frank L. Glaker of t'hiparro University.
Rlakcr p!iiyed fullback two yea it on 1i!p col!os;e tonni, wir.nirR for him?< If the rep
utation of b^ine the errentfst proun<J-pa!n<--r on the American cridfron. and lirst
substitute <n Walter Cunp'l AU-Am<»r1ran t<-:»m. His plao-> behind the tine seem?
certain, while hi* Iborougb kczrvled^c or Er.stcrn ineihodr-, tcRfthcr with his
ability, make him competent' to art as a coach for tho backs.
The problem of -the season is to develop rnd? who will he able to flllfthis im
ponanl poisltlon. Plenty of niatrrial for these places seems to be at hand, but it
n-'-eds Feasonir.K. ...
It Is too early to forecast what the freshmen team will be. A poodly lot of
yrunsPterp are 9 tho field even- evenins:. hut very little of 11 Is of.tho size that
lii^men are made of. For the placrs back of the line there are at least ten can
r*;<i:-.fs. and the race will be close and spirited. The infant team will play its
flrw came on the campus September 22 with the Holtt's School team.
YOUNG SPEEDY SWIMMERS
ON CHAMPIONSHIP ROAD
SPORT ON FIELD AND WAVE
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 15, 1900.
.THE ABOVE PICTURES REP
RESENT OLYMPIC CLUB
SWIMMERS IN ACTION TAK
EN BY A CALL ARTIST. THE
CENTRAL FIGURE IS LESTER
HAMMERSMITH. THE FAST
EST SHORT-DISTANCE SWIM
MER ON THE COAST. IN THE
RIGHT HAND CORNER IS D. A.
CARROLL, IN BLACK SUIT.
HE ALSO IS ONE OF THE
OLYMPIC CHAMPIONS. THE
OTHER PICTURES ARE OF
SYDNEY ./CAVILL, THEIR
TRAINER AND INSTRUCTOR.
Drink Rainier Beor. the only beer on
tha^ Pacific Coast that received a medal
at the Parts Exposition,- • -• •
There was some talk of entering a pro
test against the . new, Alameda skiff, but
nothing of. the kind will-be done, as the
boat is clearly within the definition. laid
down by the regatta committee of the Pa
cific Association, ; which puts no -limita
tions on the beam or weight of- the skiff.
ROWING NOTES:
ON THE BAY LINKS
- ¦ . — * — - ¦ ¦ . •
Though ; all the local golf clubs held
tournaments during' the recent holidays,
the ' most important contests were those
that took place on the San Rafael links
for the Council's cup for men and the La
dies* cup. The prize for the best score in
the qualifying round was won ; by E. J.
McCutchen with 94 for eighteen holes— the
amateur,- record.; for the links. R.' O.
Brown -was- second 'with a score of 101.
The ei&ht who qualified to 'play -for r the
The fall shooting: festival of the Cali
fornia Schuetzen Club, i.pen to all comers
wiir be held ar the California Schuetzen
Club^arlrat ' San Ra:ael on September
]6 and 17. There will be prizes for points
best. centers, premiums for flags and spe-I
dais for kin? shooting. For honorary
t S rRet^Jk h f prl ? es wm a S&regate no lesa
than $1000 in value.
BIG SHOOTING FESTIVAL.
The Ic-aexie directors h*>ld a meeting- last
\Vedn*-s>day at the request of- Managers
Harper and Ewlng. whose teams have
been seriously damaged by sickness, ac
cident and contract jumping. Although
under the rules of the league teams are
prohibited .from sigrnin? Eastern player*
after S^ptpmber 1, it was decided to per
mit Oakland and Stockton to sign two
players each and the other teama one
fa^h. No National League or American
Association player ls. eligible. The pur
pose of placing a limitation on mana^era
is to pr*»v«nt the tail-enders of the last
month of the season to strengthen up for
the finish. The teams must finish the
season on their merits. Sacramento will
probably secure another- man for- ri^ht
The California Pigeon and Homing So
ciety held its first race of the southern
series on Sunday, September 9. . f
The winners are as follows:
Firet— J. D. Barnes, 1X211. which arrived half
a minute rast 8 a. m. Distance, 41 miles 1520
yards; average speed, 915 27-100 yards per min
ute.
Becond— W. Hartery, IKS, arrived 8:03>£. Dis
tance. 41 miles 1493 yard*; speed,- 90314-100
yards.
Third— II. C. Worth. A1S29. arrived 8:04%. DJ»
tanrc, 41 miles 1720 yards; cpeed, SS7 CI-luO
yards.
Fourth-H. Miller, 1X293, arrived S:l«. No air
lines surveyed.
• Fifth— J. Jervin. 1X293, arrived 8r01?i. EMs
tance. 40 miles 243 yards; «peed. 564 13-100 yards.
Williams Bros., 1X681, arrived 8:08.
No air lines surveyed.
birds were liberated by Wells-Fargo's agent,
Mr. Cox, at 6:40 a. m., who reported weather
clear., but owing to birds meeting, fog when
reaching 1 the cltr the speed waa notsood.
BIRDS RACE MflNY MILES.
The Olympic Club,- the Academic Ath
letic League and the universities of Cali
fornia and Stanford are preparing their
athletes for the championship meeting at
Tanforan on September 24 under the aus
pices of the San Mateo and San Francisco
Agricultural Association. AH the entries
with the exception of Stanford have been
announced authentically. The Olympic
team will consist of: ' = '
E. W. Smith, 8S0 yards: Bob ' Edgren.
hammer-throw and shot-put; P. C. Geb
hardt.,sprints; F. Bulgers, SSD yards; B.
Abadie and H. Manor, 100 yards; W. J.
Cutter, pole vault and broad' jump; 1 R.
Thomas; • hurdles;- E. Mau, 100 yards and
broad jump; Wi Cavanagh, high jump; H.
Irwin, pole vault; F.: Estes, hammer
throw; A. W. Pape, 440 yards; F.J. Sher
ry,SSO yards; L. Dorr, 220-yard hurdle. ¦
University; of California team: A. Cado
gan, sprints; A. . Plaw, hammer and shot
put;J. D. Hoffman, pole vault and high
jump; Service/* 8S0 yards; V. Ligda, r 100
yards; Hamlin. hurdles; Powell, hurdles.
Unattached— H. J. Boyd, pole vault; 1 W.
Jacobs,' sprints: F. . F«rem, ;' 890 ; and 440
yards.
H. J., Crocker has offered a. special cup
for thfr winner of the 100-yard scratch race
and the | Olympic Club | has offered special
prizes to t members of : the team who . win
ttrst places.- -— • --_—..- • - • • - - - -
TfJNFORAN ATHLETIC MEET
The match scheduled for to-morrow be
tween the Pacific and California Cricket
clubs has been called off, the Californias
not being able to get together a team on
account of the Illness of Arthur Dlckenson
and the absence of A, D. Reynolds and
W. II. Howard.
The tour of the city cricketers to Lake
County was ; a most agreeable and suc
cessful one. In their first match the San
Francisco men. tired and shaken up by
their long journey, made a poor display
of batting, being all out for &3 runs. The
Burns Valley men. with 27 from E. E
Cray and 15 not out from G. R. Webber
compiled 82 runs, winning the match by 29
runs. In a second Innings Burns Valley
scored 62 for the less of 4 wickets. The
next day. in the presence of many spec
tators, the match between San Francisco
County and Lakeport was played, the vis
itors winning easily, Lakeport compiling
only 35 runs, thus losing the third and
last match by 75. runs.
CITY CRiCK£'» £RS RETURN.
so long as it does not exceed .21% feet In
length, has six laps and is not decked
over. . ,
On Wednesday evening A. H. Mellitz of
the South' End Rowing Club attended the
meeting of the regatta committee of the
semi-centennial celebration of the Native
Sons, and claimed first prize in the inter
mediate barge trace for his club, whose
crew finished first; but the referee, acting
on the information received from the
Judges at the turn, handed in a written
decision, disqualifying the South Ends
and Arlels and awarding the race to the
Alamedas. ¦
The following swimming races will take
place at Sutro Baths on Sunday after
noon:
Fifty-yard dash, juveniles— H. Stelljes,
C. Frededicks, F. Crowder, H. Carter. G.'
Adler. J. Hanna, F. Banker, A. Martinez.
ET. Shipley. L. Greenan, J. Sanders, R.
Herman. J. Douglass.
Under-water swimming contest, high
diving for boys nnd diving for plates
open to all.
Hundred-yard race, amateurs— C. Kur
ran, P. Levin, T. Thompson. W. Cook,
W. O'Brien. F. Wolfe. C. Augustus, J.
Uradley, G. Irving, O. l^owenberg. '"E.
Kgan. C. Duke. R. Riding. F\ Ralston,
W. Hayes. J. Ryan, H. Seebach, J. Wil
bert. C. Harnes, P. Logue, P. Sunberg
H. Mitchell. ;
.Trick and farcy spring-board diving—
J. Kernan. G. Wallace. G. Chambers, F.
Paine. A. Reese,' W. McGulre, J. A. Jack
son. T. Carter. F. Gardiner. F. Butter
worth. H. Dodson. L. Scott, O. Owens, F.
Hitter, J. Shelton. J. Kelly. D. Hand.
SWIMMIhG #T SUTRO'S.
The fifth -annual regatta of the Pacific)
Interclub Yacht Association will take placo
to-morrow. All the events except the race
for the twenty-foot special class were
postponed on Tuesday on account of the
absence of a leeward stakeboat. As thN
was not necessary for the special course
sailed by the mosquito fleet the results in
that class will stand, the yawl Kittlwake
taking the sliver cup presented by the
Native Sons, the silver cup presented by
ex-Commodore Herbert E. Law. a pen
nant and a certificate of merit. The sloop
Idler finished 14 minutes 53 seconds later
corrected time, and captured a sliver cup,
a prize flag and a parchment. Doris II*
?ailed by W. W. Tomllnson, while tack-
Ing off the Presidio shore, ran on thp.
rocks, but came off a quarter of an hour
later without injury, finishing 23 minutes
20 seconds behind the Idler. The Ani'i
started but did not finish. ££/7
The same rules and regulations will
govern the regatta as on Tuesday The
preparatory gun will be fired at neon and
at 12:10 p m. the twenty-ftve-footers and
yawls will cross the line. At 12 3) n m
the thlrty-fcoters will start: at 12-3O t> m "
the yachts In the thirty-six foot class'- af
12:40 p. m. the forty-four footers, and at
12:5!) p. m. the schooners and big vawl
Tramontana. At Wednesday's meeting
ex-Commodore T. F. Tracy wa., a P ™?nted
a committee to engage and take charee
of the tug for the officials. Harry Glbbs
to procure and set out the stakeboat*
marking the starting line, while J S Ma"
toon Is to make sure that the ' leewaVrt
stakeboat occupies her proper position
J. R. Savory, owner of the alooo JiianU^'
will lend his yacht for the windward
stakeboat and will look after e^Hne
It in position. Some excellent rac Sg
•hould result. a» the number of starter*
'tyn^TuesYay! 63 Sh ° Uld ** * v * n la * s "
The San Francisco Yacht Club hi* t>
to Drakes Bay scheduled for to
that any of the fleet will attemot it Th»
at U BVio B k ay PnTnf ht P? b , h> " ' »"&"*' hun!
TL B1^ a^° ln »K Sch , e<luled for to-morrow.
day k . e 3lo °P Espy ° f South
h,» y Hi W as " u £ ln S al <>iS the city front.
™ dld no * tak e Part In the regatta.
rtUlt £ acnt8men ft Los Angeles and vl
$iHh y «Ei op . ose t0 form a Corinthian yacht
S b «f««SL t0 f complete the arrangement*
In readiness for next season There ara
s r e £ or eight vacht 3 measuring "twenty
which would form the nucleus of the club.
\T a «V V d sewood. who recently built the
Maale. has promised to present a trophy
£»t> t C K Ued the Wedgewood challenge
«? P V>,r b * com » the permanent possession,
All but Mosquito Fleet
to Resail Regatta
To-Morrow.
YACHTS WILL SCAN
BAY AGAIN FOR
STAKEBOATS.
Interest !n the California L»earue pen
nant race 1? row keener than it has been
since the beginning of the season. For a
time it looked as if the Sarramentos were
dcFtined to make a runaway race of it,
but th" brilliant work of the Friscos pre
, rested them from doing so. Sacramento
had all the luck at the beginning of the
Bfascn, but good fortune did not stay
fast. The loss of Shanahan has proved a
serious one to the team, for he was a good
hitter, and a pood substitute has not yet
tx*>n found. Hughes no longer frightens
the ffmld young men of opposing teams.
His b'.g Eastern reputation 'feazed them
in the early part of the srason, but In the
course of time they discovered that he
v.;..-- net immune against the "rattle?."
and they have since been stepping right
ln^o thp path of his curves and straight
erilng them out with precision. Since It
-tyws become apparent to the champions
m&X the Friscos are capable of putting
ujJl-3 fast and snappy game they have not
been playing with such confidence as of
yore.
The Friscos are now out for the pen
nant in earnest and are confident of cap
turing it. That there is reason for their
confidence is shown by the following table
<it the records of the teams:
of Players.
Rule Passed by League
Re ulating Signing
FRISCO CLOSING IN
FAST ON THE
"CHAMPS"
Council's cup were drawn against each
other as follows: R. J. Davis vs. R. Gil
man Brown; E. J. McCutchen vs. Maurice
Dore; C. P. Pomeroy vs. E. "L». Griffith,
and C. P. Eells vs. A. A. Curtis. The
winners were: Brown, 2 up; McCutchen.
5 up, 4 to play; Griffith, 1 up, and Eells. 1
up. In the semi-final round R. G. Brown
beat E. J. McCutrhen 6 up. 5 to play, and
C. P. Eells beat E. L. Griffith 2 up, 1 to
play. In the final round R. G. Brown beat
C. P. Eells 7 up, 6 to play, and won the
honor of having his name and score in
scrib.ed on the Council's cup.
For the Ladles' cup the following five
qualified: Mrs. F. II. Green, Mrs. Chris
tenson, Mrs. F. S. Johnson. Mrs. R. G.
Brown and Miss Eleanor Morrow. Mrs.
R. G. Brown, playing from scratch, won
the prize for best handicap score In the
qualifying round with 113. In the open
ing round of the cup contest Mrs. Cnrls
tenson played against Mrs. Green, Mrs.
F. S. Johnson against Mis3 Morrow and
Mrs. R. G. Brown drew the bye. Mrs.
Johnson and Mrs. Brown met In the final
round, Mrs. Brown wlnnlnsr 2 up, 1 to
play. This is the second time that Mrs.
R. G. Brown has won the honor of hav
ing her name inscribed on the Ladles* cup.
The men's handicap against bogey was i
won by W. L. Gerstle, 10 up, and the wo- |
men's handicap against the colonel by
Miss O'Connor, 1 up. C. P.-Pomeroy won
the men's driving contest with a score of
6 points, and Mrs. W. L». Gerstle won a
putting contest for women with a score
of 46 for six balls on each of three greens.
Orestes Pierce, captain or the Oakland
Golf Club, Is in the East, and has en
gaged Horace Rawlins as coach for the
club during the coming winter. Rawlins
will come out to California on the con
clusion of the open championship tourna
ment.
field, but Harris says he is satisfied with
his team. Ewlng will Fign Pete Lohman
and probably secure a third baseman, and
Harper expects to get Catcher Graham of
Puflilo. formerly of San Jose, and Bob
Mr-Hale.
The Oaklands and Friscos are sched
uled for this week'* series at Recreation
Park. Fltzpatrick will pitch to-day and
to-morrow afternoon, and Iburg will pitch
thf> morning game in Oakland.
The line-up for to-day is as follows:
San Francisco. Pr*!tlon. Oakland
%^A*:::::::::r£SEz l::SSl
££* F, rst baS e ° r HS,'n m^
hfliwartz Beccnd base Arrelianes
""">¦ Third base Kane
fc-™£ • Shortntop Francks
Jf v y------ I-eft field Bowman
U i ;?r k w OfT Center field Drennan
HlM^brand rtlfrht field Held
On Wednesday last W. O. Holllngbery
of Holllster closed a deal with H E. Pia
h.-iut, manager of the Koenlgs baseball
team, to play a game of ball at Hollister
on Sunday, the 23<1 lnst.. between the Hol
listers and the Koenigs for the sum of
Fred Periine and J. Bodie of the Koe
nlgs will play with the Oroville team at
Orovllle on Sunday next.
Olympics and Garden'
Citys Out for Baker &
Hamilton Trophy.
The annual twenty-mile team race of
the Associated Cyclists for the Baker &
Hamilton trophy will be held to-morrow
forenoon over the San Leandro; triangle.
Only two teams have entered the event
this year— the Olympics of this city and
Garden Cltys of San Jose. The Olympics
have won the cup twice and only need a
victory to-morrow to obtain permanent
possession of It. . .
The Olympic team will probably be com
posed of Russ, Kragness, Bolger. Hanna
and Pedle.r. The Garden Cltys will put
in Wastie, McDonald, Burton . Downing,
L<ace Downing and a fifth. man yet un
determined.
The Olympic's ten-man relay team will
leave for Reno to-morrow night to- take
part in a fifty-mile relay race against the
Reno Wheelmen on the occasion of the
opening of the State Fair at Reno Mon
daj;. ¦ ¦ i ¦,'••¦¦•
. Edwin E. Stoddard, well known In the
trade here, leaves -for the East to-day
on an extended business trip.
The Bay City Wheelmen have nomi
nated a new board of directors, consist
ing of F. W. Smith, F. C. Boeckmann.
Frank H. Kerrigan. R. J. Elliot, Austin
Kanzee, Archie Reid, G. B. Stangenber
ger. Dr. E. T. Mer,vy, B. C. Raynaud.
Herbert W. Welch and Frank Bollo; cap
tain. R. J. Elliot. There is no opposition
ticket, showing the harmony that exists
in the club's affairs.
The recent relay race between wheel
men from San Mateo and Redwood has
created • such, enthusiasm In San • Mateo
that a new athletic club has been organ
ized. The temporary officers are; J. Cro
nln,; president; . Joseph Brltt. secretary;
Edward Foster, treasurer. Twenty-five
have already signed the roll. -
.The meet at Ingleslde track last Sunday
was- voted by -wheelmen the best ever
held in San Francisco, and the crowd was
the largest ever seen at a meet in Cali
fornia, the estimated attendance being
10,000. Russ' splendid riding in every
event ranks him as the best rider on the
coast to-day. Every credit Is due Judge
Frank H. Kerrigan, chairman of the meet
committee, for the completeness of the
arrangements, and the success of the
meet was largely due to his efforts and
those of the committeemen under him.
TWENTY-MILE RACE
WILL HAVE TWO
ENTRIES.
The stakes at both parks this week
promise the best of sport. The Union
Coursing: Park Association will operate
both Saturday and /Sunday. The open
stake Is one of exceptional interest, con
sisting of 10S dogs, ariiong which are many
champions The firf.t- run-down will be
hold on Saturday, ,all other rounds being
reserved for Sunday. At San Mateo there
will be a G4-dog/Stnk« for the reopening
event, which w,lll be run from start to
linish on Sunda^.
Coursing pat*ons are awaiting the out
come of the disagreement between the two
narks. It has been given out that the
Ingleslde people will apply to the courts
for an order compelling Union Park to re
main closed during the Inning of the other
club. If the order la made Ingleslde will
have a monopoly of the game for the next
three weeks.
Tim Cronin's kennel captured rlrst
money in two stakes this week and the
Congratulations of the coursing public
were openly extended to the genial Tim.
Cronln has always ahown himself a" man
who is In the game for the good of the
sport, and no one begrudges him an occa
sional big end of the purse.
Vandal unfortunately was put out In
the flm roun-1 of the Futurity by an out
sider. Otherwise the sapling, judging from
the fast work It did three days later,
would have reached for a slice of the big
money. Wild "Tralee got the midweek
event, and on merit, too.
The running of the hares at Union Parlf
during the last few Etake3 hag had a great
deal to do :n making the events interest-
Ing. The houndE.have been put to severe
tests in chasing ttoe elusive Jacks, and
many courses have been decided wheie no
kill was scored.
T. J. McHuph has succeeded Ralph Tay
lor as Blip steward at the San Mateo
Park. Taylor was compelled to give up
one of the parks when the latest J>al went
Into operation. The selection of McHugh
v.'ill meet with favor, as he is one of the
pioneers and is popular with all classes.
George Lee has resigned as secretary of
the Ingleside Association on account of
other business affairs. H3 will be suc
ceeded by Dan Curran^
Harry Murray reports the loss of the
greyhound Challenger and a white puppy
eight months old, marked with blue spot
on left ear. Any. Information regarding
the dogs may bo sent to. tho secretary or
Union Park Association, i ¦ ,-
tractive Cards.
Union and San Mateo
Association's Offer At-
CHOICE OF PARKS
OPEN TO THE
LEASHMEN.
the amateur- champions of the north.
Although both Hammersmith and Carroll
are reputed to be the fastest swimmers
on the coast in the shcrt distance eventa
they have a number of competitors In and
out of- the Olympic Club who will be
ready to meet them when the champion
ships are to be decided.
Quite different of build are Hammer
smith and Carroll. The former is rather
short and of stocky frame, more on the
order of the tumbler than the swimmer.
Besides being: a swimmer he is the cham
pion diver of the Olympic Club. Many
medalg and prizes has he won for fancy
and plain diving-. By many of the active
members of the Olympic Club Hammer
smith is rated as the most prominent all
round athlete among: the Olympics. He
fences, boxes, wrestle?, tumbles, swims,
dives and works well on the t>ar and
trapeze.
Carroll has the ideal build of trie swim
mer and the boxer and he is an adept at
both. His muscles are not bulky, but
long and of sinewy texture. Hla best time
has been in the 100 and 220 distances, b'.it
latterly he has branched -out in longer
races. He will try the 410, in which he has
made very fast time.
Sydney Cavill, the champion swimmer
of the world and the instructor at the
Olympic Club, has taken Hammersmith
and Carroll in hand. He says they are
remarkable swimmers and are equal to
the best in their own distances.
ON September 26 in the Olympic
Club tank a haif-milo champion
ship swimming race between K. B.
Etole ar>d G. Dawson will be the
principal feature of the ladies* night pro
gramme prepared by the leader of the
club, John Hammersmith. Thl3 single
ev« nt has aroused the rttrntion of th«
prcat majority of amateur swimmers ami
given the sport a new impetus, especial
ly among the younger natatorial athletes
of the Olympic Club. A challenge has
been issued already to the winner of the
half-mile race by D. A. Carroll, who has
the club records in the 100 and 220 yard
races. His challenge 13 for a quarter-mile
contest.
4
3
: !• -- -
CLV
U'ES.
¦urn
*n
tocl
:>k::
i 34 I 23 S9
34 I 28 62
27 33 4»f»
.........1 27JS6 1 O
!—
!D4S
.4jO
'.428
3
: !• -- -
CLV
U'ES.
¦urn
*n
tocl
:>k::
i 34 I 23 S9
34 I 28 62
27 33 4»f»
.........1 27JS6 1 O
!—
!D4S
.4jO
'.428Superb Fielding Wins the Day for
the Cincinnati Nine.
CORRECT STANDING OF THE CLUBS.
Clubs— W. L. Pet. Clubs— W. L. Pet.
Brooklyn ....69 45 .606 Boston. 65 69 .481
Pittsburg 66 61 .564 St. Louis 53 60 .469
Philadelphia. 57 65 .503 1 Cincinnati ...63 63 .455
Chicago 57 60 .491 i New York.... 49 67 .423
BROOKLYN, Sept. 14.— Cincinnati shut. out
the Brookljrns to-day by superb fielding and
bunching a brace of hits off Kennedy In the
second and fourth. Phillips held the locals
down to six scattered hlta and two fast double
plays cut off runs when the Brooklyns were
dangerous. Qulnn'e batting was the feature.
Attendance 800. Score: ft
Clubs— - R. H. K.
Cincinnati 2 » 1
Brooklyn 0 6 1
Batteries— Phillips and Peitz; Kennedy and
McGulre. Umpire — GafCney.
XEW YORK, Sept. 14.— The New Torks won
the final tame with Chicago to-day through
superior batting. A feature of the game waa a
steal home by Doyle In the fourth inning. At
tendance 700. Score:
Clubs— • R. H. B.
Chicago 1 8 0
New York 6 11 1
Batteries — Can- In and Kilns; Hawley and
Grady. Umpire — Emslie.
American 'League Games. .
MINNEAPOLIS. Sept. 14.— First game: Min
neapolis 2, Cleveland 5. Second game: Min
neapolis to. Cleveland 6.
MILWAUKEE, Bept. 14.— Milwaukee 8. . In
dianapolis 1.
CHICAGO, Sept. 14.— Chicago 1, Buffalo 0.
BEOOKLYNS SHUT OUT.
GOLF TOURNAMENT.
Finals for the Tuxedo Cup.
Travis and Livingston Play the
TUXEDO PARK. N\ Y.. Sept. 14 —This
afternoon I>ouis Livingston Jr. of the
¦WestbrooTt Club way Travis' opponent in
the final round for the Tuxedo cup. Liv
lnpston pushed the chaxnpion so closely
that Travis though winning by 5 up and
four to j.lay, had to cut the record for the
link?, made by Byers, four strokes, as he
made the round in 71.
flaying the leemi-flnals for the 'Weewah
cup, Howard Pag*-. Garden City, defeated
W. F. Morgan, Ot^ego, N. Y., by two up
and one to play: and S. V. Pulsifer of
Orford. South Manchester. Conn., beat P.
Lorillard. third. Tuxedo, by four up and
three to play. In the final round Pulsifer
beat Papp by four up and three to play
Following are the cards in the Tuxedo
match: Tuxedo' cup- Walter J. Travis
Out 25, in 3G — 71 ; Louis Livingston Jr
Out »•. in Zft— 7R.
Overlook Him.
One of McKinney's Sods Sur
prises the Talent, Who
Special Dispatch to The Call
By I* 1 . E3. Mulholland.
SACRAMENTO. Sept. 14.— A card wilh
a weather-beaten look did not de.tract
from the attendance at the park this
afternoon, the grand stand and betting
ring again being crowded. The owner o£
Eulah Me refused to meet The Roman in
the stake for? three- year-old trotters, ex
cept under certain conditions which were
not entertained, eo the latter colt enjoyed
a. walkover. '
On the opening day of "the meeting Za
loch was distanced in the first heat of
the green pace. To-d«y he sold for a
postage stamp In the speculations on the
2:21 class pace and won like a good one.
There were only four starters. Fredericks
burg bringing $20. Hermia $11. while Cleon
and Zaloch were tossed In for $3 and $4.
The favorite, driven by Bunch, took the
first and then closed up shop. Lipson
had Zaloch tuned to concert pitch by this
time and the McKinney horse rattled oiT
three pleasing heats for the short-ender.s,
the first choice coming In second on each
occasion. In the first heat Fredericks
burg covered the mile in 2:12 flat. The
winner is a son of McKinney and Gazelle,
owned by J. M. Lipson of Col ton. Cal.,
and for a young horse Is a most promising
one.
Four running events were then decided,
of which number favorites captured two.
Starter Pat Reagan was in good form,
sending the fields off without noticeable
delay.
Canmore's Victory.
In a poorly conditioned six furlong 1
scramble for two-year-olds Cjnmore got
In with 105 pounds and ran away from
his company at odds of 1 to 3. George
Dewey led Screenwell Lake out for the
place.
Hafley may be a good exercise boy. but
he is no racerider. He made a bungling
job of it astride Lodestar, the favorite for
a six furlong selling run and plainly the
best racer In the bunch. Amasa broke
first, winning by four open lengths. Phle
gon finished second, but was overlooked.
Lodestar be'ng placed second and Al
moneer third.
The only real contest was that furnished
by Merry Boy and Bathos in the seven
furlong selling number. The former horst,
a 4 to o chance, overhauled Bathos In the
stretch, getting the decision hard-ridden
by a neck in 1:28. Loconomo held the
others safe getting show honors.
Charley Fink finally scratched out &
purse with Swiftwater. The ring laid 6
to 1 about her in th« betting on the nual
scramble for maidens and she was spar
ingly backed. Shaking the bunch off at
th*« stretch turn Mounce landed her a
handy winner over Frank Woods and the
favorite. Trevathan.
The lant of the series of polo games will
be played at the park to-morrow morning
at 10 o'clock.
The Summary.
Firft race, trotting, for three-year-olds and
under 2:25 class, value $1£S. The Roman, b. g..
by McKlnwy-Wanda lLafferty). walkover.
Time, !:22V
Second race, pacing, 2:21 class, heats, three
In five. Durse $600.
Zaloch. br. h.. by McKlnney-Garell« r
<J. L.lpson) fill
Freoerlckxburg. ch. g.. by Nephew Jr.
(Bunch) 1 J 3 2
Hermla. br. m., by Soudan (Hovey).. t 3 3 3
Time— !:12. 1:14. 2:18, 2:16%.
Third race, running, six furlongs, for two
year-olds, purse $210.
%V. B. Jennlnes & Co.'b b. c. Canmore, by
Mldlothian-Kannle Louise, 105 (Ames)
i to a i
D 8 Fountain'* b. m-. George Dewey, 96
(Mounce), 6 to 1 2
Thomas Fox' a br. f. Screenwell Lake, 97
(Gaflney). 6 to 1 3
Time. l:lS'i.
Loyal S (90). 10 to 1; Bill Young (100), I to 1.
and Location (90), 6 to 1. also ran.
Fourth race, running, elx furlongs, idling,
pur*e tiSO.
J. Crane's b. K. Amasi, by Captain Al-Lady
Intruder. 112 tFrawley). 2 to 1 1
A. J. Stemler & Co.'s ch. k. Lodestar, 112
(Hafl?y>. € to 5 2
J. Mccarty's Almoneer, 112 (McCarty), 6
to 2 '.."3
Time. 1:15.
Phl'Kon (105). "10 to 1; Harry Gwynn (112), 40
to 1; Loboeina (tC5). JO to 1; Galene (1C5), 41/ to
1, aad Fine Shot (105), IS to 1, also ran.,
Fifth race, runnir.sr. seven furlongs, selling,
nurw I2M.
B K Edward's ch. K. Merry Boy. by MerrI- '
wa-Lizr.te Hooker. Ill (Ruiz). 4 to C. 1
J J. Morei'e ch. c. Bathos, 105 (Butler), 11 '
to 6 • • 2
TV Adams' b. m. Loconomo. 105 (J. Nar
: vaez). 6 to 1 3
Time. 1:28.
1 Caesar Young (100). 100 to 1; Dolor* (112). 20
to 1. and McFarlane (113), 20 to 1, also ran.
Blxtb race, running, eix furlongs, maidens,
selling, purse %ZX.
C. F. Flnk'c b. f. Swlftwater, by Candlemas- ¦
P.Ipletta, 1C3 (Mounce), 6 to 1.. 1
J. WV b. z. Frank Woods, 110
(Duller). 7 to 1 ¦. 2
Ainmwia Stable's b. g. Trevatnan. 110 (Ruiz).
8 to 6 3
Time. i:l5H. :
Mies Vera (110), 15 to 1; Formatus (103), 6 to
1; Hiram Johnson (103), 7 to 1; Nlhau (103). 15
to 1: Judge Shropshire (110), 60 to 1; Onyx ,(110).
S to 1; Vigilant (110). 10 to l, ned Steel (110). ,
IK to 1, aiid Grey Bob (110),' 60 to 1, also ran. '
Last Day's Entries.
First race trotting-, 2:20 class, mile beats.
ZALOCH WINS
A PACING RACE
IN EASY STYLE
final with the Americans, the latter win
r.lr.g. although Jacquelin finished Hrst in
- minutes 1,1-5 seconds. Cooper was rec
ond McFarland third. Bourrillon Jourth
Bankor fifth and Loubot sixth * ourin .
«J?. n JI/ U i SP was ***' fr?ri «. divided Into
individual prizes and three nrizes for tha
£M5?£is& The markln? wa3 b >" team
Population of Des Moines.
WASHINGTON*. Sept. 14.-The Census
Bureau announces that the population of
£>«, } Io Vi™ ' Iowa ' is S2 ' m - as » affainat
50,033 in 1890— an increase of 12,046. or 21 05
per cent.
For the October Term.
WASHINGTON. Sept. R-The Supreme
Court of the United States will meet for
the October term on Monday, October 8.
Welcome News.
ing coal and will probably leave here
to-day. Citizenship p ro blem.
The question of whether citizens of
Guam are Americans was raised In the
United States District Court here | to-doy.
Judge Estee expressed the opinion that
the native born people of Guam .aw
Americans by virtue of the annexation
of their country by the Lnited ¦ States.
The question arose in connection with tr*
application for naturalization papers of
Revnold Reyes, a native of Guam ajia a
former -subject of Spain. He took out
papers, though the court said It was prob
ably unnecessary. There are f^**;"
other Guam men here and some tlllplnos
v,hose standing Is involved In the same
doubt as that of Reyes.
By the steamship Nippon Maru Hono
lulu received news that the Chines* who
had the plague on board the Coptic at
Kobe, Japan, was not one of the men who
tock passage here, as had been reported.
The news was very welcome as r« I levins
the fears that another outbreak or tne
disease wa3 likely to occur here.
HONOLULU, Sept. 8.— A thrilling story
of insurrection and battle on Laysan Isl
and, a small speck in the Pacific which
was once a Hawaiian dependency, reach
ed here to-day by the bark Ceylon, which
brought to Honolulu all the participants
in the affair. It was a fight between Cap
tain Spencer, the "king of the island,"
and forty Japanese laborers who were
taken there to help load vessels from
Honolulu with guano. The captain fired
eight bullets into the crowd- of forty men,
killing two of them and wounding three
others. •
There were only five white men on the
island when the trouble took place. Ac
cording to the story of Captain Spencer,
the Japanese had a plan to seize the isl
and and kill all the whites. On the even-
Ing of August 11 they assembled in front
of his residence and there was a lengthy
discussion. It ended when the Japanese
made a rush to take the place. Captain
Spencer stood his" ground, with a six
shooter in each hand, and fired at the
leaders.
The ring-leader and one other man fell
dead and three other Japanese dropped to
the ground seriously wounded. The other
thirty-five fled.
Captain Spencer and the other whites
remained on guard all night and the next
day they began to round up the Japanese
and put them on board the Ceylon, to be
taken back to Honolulu. They were all
put below In the hold, with the hatches
fastened down, and the bark started away
from the Island, leaving behind only two
white men. Captain Spencer's son and the
carpenter employed by the guano com
pany.
Spencer Arrested.
On arriving in Honolulu last night Cap
tain Spencer was charged with murder
and he will be held for trial. The story
of the Japanese is very different from
that told by Spencer. They allege that
they made no attack upon the captain,
but simply assembled at his house to dis
cuss the matter of food supply. For sev
eral weeks they had been on short ra
tions, owing- to the wreck of the bark
McNear, which went ashore on Dowsett
reef while on her way to Laysan with
provisions. The Japanese say that the
shots wye fired into the, crowd without
provocation.
Captain Spencer's wife was with him on
the little island when the sensational
trouble occurred, and accompanied him
to this city on the Ceylon. The murder
charge was placed against him on the
strength of the statements of the thirty
five Japanese, and the case will be tried
in the United States District Court here.
Laysan Island is about 600 miles north
west of Honolulu. Some years ago it was
"annexed" to Hawaii by King Kalakaua
and since then it has been leased by a
Honolulu firm which sends vessels regu
larly for cargos of guano. It is a small,
low island, covered deeply with guano
and having on it no other valuable pro
duct. Here Captain Spencer and his wife
have lived for many years, alone among
the Japanese laborers and one or two
other whites 'that were there as foremen
or T helpers.'- Spencer's authority was su
preme on the little island, and for years
he has had the title among those who
know him of "king of Laysan Island."
Company Loses Heavily.
The Japanese who was the ringleader
in the trouble on the island was a new
arrival from Honolulu. Captain Spencer
declares that he went to Laysan with the
idea of working up a rebellion and placing
the Japs in control of the island.
The. schooner Aloha was on the way to
Laysan. Island from Honolulu when tho
Ceylon left and is supposed to be there
now. She was going in ballast to brln?
back a cargo of guano. Her master; Cap
tain Fry, expecting to find quite a colony
of workmen there, will find the little
island inhabited by only two men.
The Aloha will probably not be able to
get her cargo with the force she has.
as there is no docking at Laysan. and ves
sels have to stay two miles from shore
and have the cargo brought to them on
lighters. This will make the financial
cost of the fight very heavy. It has cost
a two months' trip for the bark Ceylon
and will probably also be the cause of a
similar uspless trip for the Aloha.
There will be a bitter legal right over
the tragedies of the fertilizer island. The
Japs are all ready to testify that they
were shot at without provocation and the
only white witness that has come to
Honolulu yet, ex-Policeman Splllner of
Honolulu/to a large extent corroborates
the story they tell. In addition to the
lturder case there is prospect of a. claim
by the Japanese on account of the treat
ment they received on the way back from
Laysan.
The local Japanese Consul. Miki Saito.
will' probably be asked to demand dam
ages for the Japanese from Laysan for
their sufferings on the way to Honolulu.
They were kept in the hold below amid
intense heat, during all -the twenty days
of the journey, as It was feared that there
might be more trouble on the vessel if
they were given liberty. Only one of
them was allowed on deck at a time. /
New Sewer System.
Honolulu's first sewer system, which it
was decided to build after the cholera
epidemic of 1895 had directed attention to
the fact that such a system was lacking.
Is nearlng completion and will be in use
within a month. It was begun in 1890
end will cost ovfr $250,000. The plans for
the system provide for a complete cover
ing of the city and carrying the refuse
out into deep water beyond the harbor.
Great difficulty has been encountered In
laying tho pipes, owing to the fact that
on every Ftreet the workmen encountered
bard coral and streams of water. At
fourteen feet below the surface the water
ran so quickly Into the trenches that
gasoline engines had to be kept running
day and night to keep the water' down to
a level that made work possible.
Colonel Ruhlen Honored.
Colonel George Ruhlen, U. S. A., who
has been quartermaster , in charge here
during all the heavy transport business
growing out of the war in the Philippines
and has now been ordered to Seattle.- has
been presented by the local merchants
with a handsome gold watch as a token of
their esteem. The colonel has looked af
ter over 200 transports passing through
on their, way to Manila during the past
eighteen months.
Hackman Murde'red.
Another murder was >added to the long
list of such crimes recently committed
in the Islands last Saturday, when a Chin
efe hackdriver was killed in his vehicle
on a lonely road near Hilo, island of
Hawaii. The murder was one of the
most brutal in the history of the Islands.
Some passengers In the hack cut the
driver's throat as he sat in front of them,
afterward throwing the body over a fence
and covering it up with brush. , .-. ¦
The victim of - the crime . was Ah .Too.
a well-known Hilo hackman. He left Hilo
at about 10 o'clock . in the : evening: with
two white men in his hack. At 2 o'clock
next morninp his hack returned empty,
with the front seat drenched with blood,
the horse having found Its way back.
A search was Instituted by Ah Jac-'d
relatives, nnd .when daylight came ihey
hand his body where it had been thfown.
The throat v-as cut by several gashij.
It' evpeared that the deed -had bevn'done
Ton behind and that the object had be* n
robbery,: as the .victim s watch and money
hadbeen taken. .
Two sailors, from the schooner Okano-
K an, ! which had just arrived from Cali
fornia, are in jail on suspicion of having
committed the brutal crime. They were
on shore all night. and are said to have
been the two men in Ah Joe's hac« when
he > started if rom ' Hilo on ', Saturday even
ing.'. Both are Swedes.:;
Bel gian Kin g in . Port.
The ', United States • transport Belgian
King arrived here on September 6 en route
to Manila with' army stores. She is tak-
TRAGEDY ON AN
ISLAND IN THE
MID-PACIFIC
cer's Men.
T ' T 1 T
Japanese Laborers on Lay
san Shot Down by Spen-
White Men Claim That They Tired
in Self-Defense; but the Jap-
anese Tell a Different
STANTOBD FOOTBALL BAT.T.Y.
Eighty-Five_ Students Sign the Train
ing Eules.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Sept. 14.—
The first football rally of the year was
held in the Encinai Club room to-night.
Amid intense enthusiasm aroused by
the speeches made by coaches and captain
eighty-ftve men signed the training rules.
Frank L. Slaker, formerly the fullback
of the University of Chicago, was one of
the speakers. He urged the freshmen es
neclally to get out and strive for athletic
horors. Otners who -spoke were Captain
Burnett, Coach Yost. Manager Glttier
"eeve and Professor Reynolds Follow
ing is the list of the men who signed tho
r °VV W Burnett, F. H. Boren. H. G.
Grant K.H Clark. Carl Hill. J. C. Lunt.
J N Stanford. J. A. Thomas, R. J. Mc-
Fadden J B. Wells. F. Birtch. C. B.
K?attWR. Hamilton, E. M. Nutter. J.
McFaddeh. E. A. Smith. B. E. Nourse.
Rav Saunders. W. Taylor, C. Burton. H.
£hifcld£ G Beebe. E. S. Harper. S. Tay
lor R Pi'tchel, iv. B. Chandler. F L.
KJmmonf W. A. Whltlock. A. F Fred
pHck"ctn H W. Anthony. R. W. Mapies.
C R Blbdgett. II. F. Scoville. W. Young.
F E Fisher. H. ¦ W. Lewis. W. M. Erb.
R B*. Knight. J. T. Nourse. J. S. Cone,
vr k Dewitt. N. G. Symonds. Paul Par
ki'r Paul Davis. R. B. Bid well. G. C. Ja
cobs E Cross. F. L. Slaker. A. W. Thom
son W Crowfoot. F. Purcell. H. Kessler.
w I Treager. C. M. Wardall. T. E.
SteDhenson. G. W. Barnhasel. O. Luck.
H % KuhA; S. G. Dehy. H Seeley. C. D.
rauverman. H. S. Babcock. V. A. Cag-
HerlC Pailen. H. S. Lee. W. D. Patter-
I'oS'—Wllggins.-J. A. Bentley. W. Moul
ton W A. Crossman, C. Duncan. R. F.
Crowd! G. H. Moore. K. F. Kennedy. S.
LTBaTis.-R.-S. Fisher. J. A. Merrill.
George Gregory. P. L. Nichols, S. L.
Lyons and A. Giesler.
AMEBICANS WIN.
tions at Vincennes.
Capture the Cycling Bace of the Na-
PARIS. Sept. 14.— The grand race of the
nations, one of > the leading events of the
cycling carnival at Vincennes; was to-day
won by America. Great Britain. Ger
many, Italy, Austria.^ Belgium. France
and Holland coaapeted. each country being
represented by three 1 men. Cooper. Mc-
Farland and Banker r: constituted the
American team. The distance was 13*rJ
meters.
i In tho preliminary heat America defeat
ed Belgium . by. eight points to thirteen,
and ' in the semi-flnal heat America i won
from Italy by the same score.
¦ The French team, composed of Jacque
lin, Bourrillon and Loubet. dlsmited th*
NEWS FROM THE
OCEAN AND THE
WATER FRONT
The steamer. Newport was released from
quarantine yesterday and went to the
Mail dock. A case of smallpox broke out
on the voyage from Panama and the ves
sel was -. held for four : days at An*el
Island. Then one of the stewards' was
taken down with a fever, and that de
tained the vessel three days more The
doctor decided to raise the quarantine
yesterday, so the passengers were landed
the crew got ashore and everybody was
happy.' - ;
/The funeral of Hugh Gallagher, 1 a well
known inspector in the customs service
took place yesterday.^. The ;. pallbearers
were D. J. O'l^eary. John Greenan, Henry
Payne. ,w£ Mitchell,": R. T. McGinnls and
W. J. '-Holland* The Interment was at
Holy Cross. A statement has been made
to the effect that Gallagher was drlnklnc
prior to his death/ .The, contrary was the
truth. He had; "sworn off" and had" not
touched liquor ~ for months. His heart
was . troubling hlmand it was that which
caused his death. -
*W. Downs. -one of. the popular clerks of
the -Merchants' . Exchange, is back 'from
his vacation. He and Count Moosbrugger
spent 'almost delightful two : weeks at
Mayfleld and; La Honda. :
"Water Front Notes.
The Toyo Klsen Kaisha's steamer Nip
pon Maru arrived from the Orient yester
day and was placed in quarantine The
cabin passengers were: M. P. Anderson
N. Bentz. B. L. Buckman. W. L Brock L
Bleck. Come Clarey and valet Mr and
Mrs. Fortman. Dr S. J. Grevllle. Miss E.
Hunt, Professor David Starr Jordan v
Mori. J. F. Peat. Mrs. Peat and four chn:
dren. J. C. Frlegfrled, J. o. Snyder A
Swlchood, W. P. Thomas. J. D Trawich
M. D. ; T. Noon. F. X Rozarloi S. Ozeki
S. Seqawa. Mrs. C. A. Greville . , '
Professor David Starr Jordan was land
ed long before the other passengers As
soon as Collector, of the Port Jack«on
heard of his bereavement he Issued in
structions to allow the professor to land
at once. Dr. Kinyoun extended the same
courtesy and placed the quarantine launch
Sternberg at Dr. Jordan's disposal Dr
Jordan was landed at Meiggs wharf and
thence went to the railroad station where
he caught a train for Palo Alto. The nro
fessor hns been on a scientific expedition
to Japan, and spent the whole of his va
cation In exploring the rivers of that
ancient kingdom. .
Nippon Maru Arrives.
A number of missionaries, accompanied
by their wives and families, came home
from the Orient yesterday. They escaped
from China early in the campaign and
reaching Nagasaki, Japan, there awaited
transportation to the United States.
When the United States transport Han
cock returned from Taku, where she had
landed a detachment of troops, the mis
sionaries were taken aboard, and they
were landed In San Francisco yesterday.
Among those who came home on ! the
transport were Major E. E. .'Dravb, com
missariat superintendent of the <prmy in
China: First Lieutenant' E. O. Sarratt of
the Fourth, Artillery and Lieutenant W.
C; Davidson, U. S.: N.
¦The full list of passengers on the Han
cock is as follows: •
First-class passengers: From Taku. China-
Major E.- E. Dravo. C. S.. U. S. A.: Lieutenant
W. C. Davidson, U. S. N. ; S. M. Sullivan
civilian. - .¦•.¦•¦-¦-. '
From -Nagasaki, Japan— Lieutenant E. O.
Sarratt, Fourth Artillery. U. S. A.; Dr. I.
II. • J. Hotvedt. Rev. E. O. Boen, Rev. W. E.
Manly. Mrs. W. * E. Manly and two children.
Rev. D. Jones. Mrs. D.' Jones, Miss Jone«,
Master Alexander Jones, Rev. J. D. Dawes,
Mrs. J. D. Dawes ' and one child. " Miss O.
Hodenfield, Miss B. G. Forbes, all missionaries.
Second-class passengers — Private S. G. Trasl
U. S. M. C. (Insane).
Discharged men— Edward White, Fourteenth
Infantry, and George Shanklln, Frank Allen,
H. Klvllan, James Curtis, Milton H. Sims anil
Michael Maher. teamster*. ...
Remains of Private Claude X. Leslie, Com
pany I. Fourteenth Infantry, from United
States hospital ship Relief, at Taku, China.
Private Trasl left Here on the Hancock
as a member of the Hospital Corps. Dur
ing the voyage he was taken sick and
gradually developed symptoms of insan
ity. He was brought back here for medi
cal treatment. The teamsters are all men
who went from here to Nagasaki with
horses on the Flintshire. Lieutenant Sar
ratt also went away on that vessel and
came home with his men.
Among the Hancock's passengers who
fled before the Boxers and found a refuge
in Nagasaki there are five men. five wo
men and five children. Rev. D. Jones was
In the province of Hupeh when the upris
ing took place. He was the agent for the
American Bible Society, and had a nar
row escape from death In the-Hoangho
River. Fifty miles south ofjFencheng
the boat in which they were escaping cap
sized and all their worldly possessions
were lost they barely escaping with their
lives. All that the Rev. J. D. Hawse pos
sessed In the world was h»st in the upris
ing. He. his wife and two children aged
one and four years, escaped from Chung-'
king. They were attached to the Metho
dist mission and made their escape down
the Yangtse Kiang. ,
Dr. Hotvedlt was attached to one of the
missions as medical adviser. He was
more fortunate than his fellow countrv
men. as he saved most of his effects Rev
E. O. Boen and Rev. W. E. Manly had a
hard time of It. In fact, all the members
of the party consider they were lucky to
escape with their lives. None of then^
however have anything to add to the
stories that have already been published.
port Hancock.
Missionaries Arrive From
China on the Trans-
West at the Stats Fair.
Special Digpatch to The CalL
SACRAMENTO, Sept. 14.— There was
another large attendance at the pavilion
to-night and the prospects are good for
a much larger attendance to-morrow.
Many Xatlve Sons and Daughters were
visitors at the pavilion during the day and
to-night and were accorded every facility
by the directors In their tour of sight
seeing. ¦ All free admission tickets were
taken up to-night and to-morrow every
person except newspaper men and em
ployes of the society. will be required to
pay to gain admission to either park ur
pavilion. The premium and iast slock
parade will take place to-morrow morning
at 9 o'clock and wlll.be one of the features
of the day at the park.
The following additional gold medal
awards have been made:
Mrs. Clarence Span I diner of Sacramento,
for the most meritorious display in the
needle and fancy work and decorative
painting department.
John Honnigan of Woodland, best ex
hibit of draft horses.
C. A. Durfee of Los Angeles, best ex
hibit of standard bred trotters, consisting
of McKinney and his get.
Joseph Marzen of Lovelocks, Nev., best
exhibit of live stock other than horses
(Shorthorn and Hereford cattle).
John Sparks of Reno. Nev.. special gold
medal for herd of Herefords.
Henry Glide of Sacramento, -special gold
medal for flock of Ramboulete sheep.
James Whitaker of Gait, Sacramento
County, souvenir cup for herd of Here
fords.
Benlcla Agricultural "Works, souvenir
plate for best display of agricultural im
plements.
John Breuner Company of Sacramento
souvenir cup for excellence of exhibit of
household furnishing.
D. Johnston & Co. (El Dorado Cannery),
best txhibit of canned fruits, etc.
J. A. Stanton of San Francisco, best
painting in water colors and oil and be^t
pastel work.
Hale Brothers & Co. of Sacramento,
special gold medal for best exhibit In the
pavilion.
Sons and Daughters of the Golden
NATIVES' DAY.
three In Hve, purse $1000— McBrler. Bob Ingrr
8oll, Santa Anita Star. Charlie Me. Dan \V,
Bet Madison.
S«ond race, racing. 2:1S* class, mile heats,
three In five, purse $1000 — I Direct. Dave Ryan.
John A. Edna R. Delphi. Dlctatress, William
Harold. Wild Kutllng. Fitz Lee. Rey Direct.
Third race, running;, for three-year-olds and
upward, six furlongs, selling— Klckumbob UOO).
Mocorlto (109J. Limber Jim (106). Jingle Jingle
(103). FIufU of Geld (91). Merry Boy (112>. Feb
ruary (103). Pomplno (112).
Fourth race, running:, California Annual, for
two-year-clds. s<x furlongs— Articulate (1CS).
Dunfref (111). MoonbrlKht (108). Phil Archibald
<111). St. Rica (123), Bavassa (10S), lllllouou
(111).
Fifth race, the Favorite stake, one mile and
a quarter— Torlblo aft). Vlncttor (113). Grand
Sachem (SB): Lou Rey (9f,). Formero (123). El
Mldo (113). Morlnel (109), Jennie Reid (99).
Sixtli race, for three-year-olds and upward,
one mile end a sixteenth, selling— Klckumbob
(90). Bathes (S9), Uapldo (104). None Such (101),
Alicia (99), Sea Spray (102), Edgardo (ST), Ten
rica (100).
Seventh race, five furlongs, all ages. handi
cap—Weights and declarations due . Saturday,
<j a. rn.
THE battleship Wisconsin Is. coaling and If the work is completed to-day ohe will take a spin around the. bay Mon
day and if everything works well will leave for Port Orford. Captain Pillsbury of the Pacific Mail Company will com
mand the big warship until she is turned over to the Government. At Port Orford she will.be dryducked and will thsu
have a trial trip on the Sound.
•The Wisconsin and Iowa are moored close to each other off the Union Iron Works. The Wisconsin Is the larger
vessel by 1000 tons displacement- and seems to be a far more formidable fighting machine than the Iowa. The latter is
battle-scarred, however, and the Wisconsin has yet to be tried.
THE NEW BATTLESHIP WISCONSIN COALING UP IN MISSION BAY.
ULRICH'S RENO
RUNS HIS LAST
RACE AT HARLEM
>
Drops Dead After Finish
ing Fourth in the
Steeplechase.
NEW YORK. Sept. 14.— The 2:14 trot wa*
the mon exciting race of the fifth day of
the Grand Circuit meet at. the Empire
City track. With a field of twelve the bay
Btn Bay Star was picked to win at
Tl.e hot price of 5^> to 10. The favorite won
'.: e first heat by a length and it looked
U if it was all over, but in the second she
p«_t the worst of a bail Ptart, was, cut off
at the (ir.=t turn, broke badly and looked
t<» he'oui of the race. She ran in and
Fav«»<i her distance and won the next two
li«ats by from three to four lengths. Sum
rrary:
l.lt <las«. tr.i;t;ng. purse 11230— Bay Star won
t!-e tlni, thirl and fourth heat* in 2:C3. 2:11V»,
I '!'•*. Joe Watts wen the second heat in
2:1C%. I-amr> Oirl. Oenevieve, Alice Barnes,
Iris O, L>ct Miller. Blondle. Confessor. Palm
Leaf, Cakf-r ami Musqu«rtoon also starteii.
2:20 class, trottinc. $12C>— Brandywlne won
three Ktraight lieata in 2:H*i. 2:14%. 2:li«4-
TiraNriake. Leonard B<»I1. Tip T. Tiverton
Electric Wllk^s and Charlotte W also 6tarted.
2:15 class, pacing, *£</>— Th» Private won the
weend, third and fourth heats In 2:<K l i, 2:11,
2:J?v;. George YV won the first heat in 2:10>i
l~>.rk Jjre and Pus^tt*' also started.
ru>ad wagen trrt. free-for-all— Franker won,
Zambia eeeexid. Time. 2:16Vj.
pire City Track.
Exciting Trotting Race on the Em-
BAY STAB, WIXS.
PT. 1X>UIS. Sejit. 14.— Outsiders had a field
«ay at Kir.loch Park this afternoon, they beln&
victors in five out of the six events carded.
Attendance large ; track fast. Results:
Four and a half furlongs, purse— Juanetta
von. Mtr.von second. Down Hearted third.
Time; :U.
Six and a half furlongs, eelling— John Morton
won. Four Leaf Clover second. Captain Gaines
third. Time. 1:221*.
' >ne mile, eel Mrs —Celeste <S'Or won. Revenue
£•-<- r.d. LVIsarte third. Time, 1:«2'«-
Bewro and a half furlongs, selling— Necklace
won, Zar.fUo second. Two Annies third. Time,
l:ST-4.
Bevea furl?nrs. selllnff— Marcy won. Satin
Coat second, Glen Bow third. Time. 1:31%.
£:x aid a half furlor.rs. selling— Higher won.
Ki'Ef-nia S second, 'Watercrest third. Time,
DUTKOTT. Sert. 1*. — Double Dummy, who
ernved from New York « Jew daye ago, «u
the medium of a big plunge at Windsor to
6zy. and brourht the racney home In easy
ftjle. £uxsarj f :
live tnd A half farlonrs— John McCarthy
won. Willard J. second, llano third. Time,
1:13.
Selling, seven ar.d a half furlongs— Double
I>urnray won. High Noon 6*con<J, Prince of
India third. Time. 1;3£.
Be'.lina. five and a half furl on r» — Jo« Martin
wen. Tenole «*cond, Annie Lauretta third.
Ttrr.e, l:yfc.
Sel'.lr.ff, one mile— Fairy Dell won. Prince
7.°so £»»c;a<S. Hermenia third. Time. 1:4S.
SellinE. one milep — Sadie Burnham • won,
Tairarin secocd. Charley Eetes third. Time,
lMVs-
StlMnjr. »'.x furlongs— Sevoy won. Innovator
eecor.fl, Corder third. Time, 1:13%.
CHICAGO. Sept. 14.— William drich's
Food steeplechase horse Reno, after fln
•.-^hlng fourth In the steeplechase at Har-
N.rn to-day, dropped dead. There were so
:nacy good things in the first race that
the taJent was all at sea. Tola, second
choice, looked for ail the world like a
dinner at the turn for home, leading by
three lengths. Tally soon began to work
on Klngralne. however, and the colt an
swered gamely and caused Tola to tire
under tha strong drive. Weather clear;
track fast. Results:
Six furiur.irs— Kincrair.e won. Tola eecond.
E3 Oricr.te third. Tune. 1:1* 2-5.
One mile and a sixteenth— Crosby won.
Thrive second, E'.U G&rrett third. Time,
1:16 «-.-;.
Steeplechase, handicap, short course — Negil
rence won. Becky Rolfe second. Univernity
third. Time, 3. 28.
One rr.ile and fifty yards— Silver Coin won,
Defender II seeend, Prairie L*os third. Time,
1:44 1-5.
Four and a half furlorx*— Money Muss won,
Cora Geti second. Hy L#e third. Time. :S4.
One mile and fifty yards— Pat Garrett won.
Trebcr second Chauncey Flsber third. Time.
by Kingraine.
First Race, Which Is Won
Talent Ib Perplexed by a Superabun
dance of Good Things in the
PREPARING THE WISCONSIN
FOR HER RUN AGAINST TIME
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 15. 1900.
Fight a Draw.
CHICAGO. Sept. 14.— Benny Tanger, the
"Tipton Slasher," and Young • Mowatt
fought a draw at the Illinois Athletic Club
to-night.
. . . ¦ »
Did you parade? If so get, the Wasp's
souvenir edition Native Sons', celebration,
handsomely Illustrated. 36 pages.:, Every
feature photographed. On sale at f all
news stands. 25c.
¦ In our trunk, valise and leather goods
department you will find the best values
and all the new styles In dresa suit cases
traveling sets, ladies' pocketbooks. etc'
Tour name stamped In gold letters free
of charge when purchased Sanborn
Vail & Co.. 741 Market street. •
IDress Suit Cases.
PHILADELPHIA. Sept. 14.— Peter Ma
her completely outclassed Jim Jeffords of
California In two rounds of what was to
have been a six-round fight at the'Penn
sylvania Art Club to-night. It being evi
dent that Jeffords could not go on, the
referee stopped' the fight.
Jeffords Outclassed.
Tale.
5
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Ranch it and rough it and vou'll soon
pet rid of th.»t weak chest and that hack-
ing cough." That is what the doctor
said to a young married man with a wife
and child to care
for and a modest \j^j\^
salary to support Cfi^^'C^
them on. He
couldn't ko (^*2?r§Ei3>.
Love and duty tied
him to his desk in
Peopie don't $&* *V
hive to travel to £$\ J^\5tl
strengthen weak j^^ljj^?^
lunars. Dr. I'ierce's \\JM tJ*&1$rJiA.
Golden Medical \&&\QWfBp^
Discovery cures oh- \ |V(^*jT C*( T
etinate, deep i seated lYiftiyj //"
coughs, bronchitis, \yi«by/i
bleedi n S of the vRrTQ isfe*-
lungs, weakness, tyMfljffz
emaciation and » /
other forms of
disease which if neglected or unskill-
ful!}' treated terminate Jatally in con-
sumption.
-I will write you what Dr. Pierce'* Oolden
Me-Ilcal Discm-err has done for me." says Goorge
H. B€lcnpr, Ksq.. of Dorton. Pike County, Ky.
« Thirteen years apo I was wounded bv a mil
passing through my lung. I h»ve had a bad
coaifh «lrao^.t ever since, with shortness ol
I»r^3tn. and it was v-Ty ««sy to take cold; the
tightest chau;v of weather would cause the
ccrsrh to be so bad I would have to «t up in bed
r.ll aijht. Could not cat or sleep at times ; vras
all run down: could not work at all. A lew
i.T>nth« aero f Jwttaa iiMiig Dr. Pierce's Goldeu
Bleflical Disroverv. Ilave not imed more than
two bottles, and fiow can cat. 6leep, and work,
nnd 1 ferl lilce a new man. I cannot find words
to sufficiently secomnjend Dr. Kercc'* Coldeu
Medicul MaOMPCiy; or tell the good it has done
m=.» ¦
Dr. Pierre's Common Sense Medical
Adviser in paper covers is sent free on
receipt of 21 one-cent stamps to pay
erpensc of mailing only. The book has
100S pages and over 700 illustrations.
Address Dr. R. V. Pierce, Buffalo, N;.Y.
ADVpLTISEWENTS:
./COPYRIGHT * > - <: -"*- r mJ
DRAWING NEAR THE END
of hot weather now, when you will be
thinking of resuming your white linen
once more for business and social func-
tions, and we wish to remind you that
this is the laundry where the work |3 al-
ways done satisfactorily, and the color
and finish on shirts, collars and cuffs Is
without a rival.
E>omestlc finish for full dress shirts, it
you order H.
No saw edses.
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
Office 1OO4 Market Stre9t
Hernr PowelL
Telephone— South 42O.
Oakland Office— 62 San Pablo Ave.
Avisr? OR JORDAN'S srcat^
IMUSEUM OF AHATGMY*
4 (J l"3 KA2XZ? ST. tat 6^m. ZJ.UL h
T tjf The Largest Anatraueal Mu<eum in tb« \
M *J3-^ Work! \V »»i-nf ¦¦¦»» of any contracted A
¥ SswSm cJiieaw j^-it:»«-l3reur«<ny theoidcu J
i fl^^ 03. JORSAJr-FRJfATc P1SEASES , i
\ w ffl?^ Co.wnltatioo Iff. and jtri<-tly pmt:;
ft J jSf&J f r« umrnt prrmnaliy rr bf trttcr. A i I
\ fl 1 ft * 8 V* n ln «»cry cats un Jenak<ru
iS / 111 i 'Virmtor Bnok. PZ* lLOVira:'«r 1
™ | IV HtaaMcc, K«iutD vaus. -A 1 ¦
A JJ fL valuable bcob fcr arnr ,
DR. GROSSMAN'S
SPECIFIC MIXTURE
For the Care of Gonorrhoea. Gleets,
• Strictures nni analogous complaints
of tha Orftan« of u'eneratlon.
Prlc« U a bottle. For »alo bv <<muiju.
THE Ey^OJSJTTM. | THE EMPORIUM.
| Saturday Sales. I
g Grand Concert by the famous Emporium String *
j; Orchestra, ihis evening 7:30 to 10:30. Solos by the I;
* world renowned cornel ist. x
I Special Glove Sale To-day. |
£ Here are four lines of desirable gloves to b? closed out; to-day '$
g at 46c and 69c per pair. The entire lob comprises only 38 "> paire. -J
g so .best to corns in the morning if you would be sure of securing a x
pair at these phenomenally low prices: C 5
S£ 180 pairs ladbs' washable Ciaimi* Gore?, embroidered .,
» back, two patent fasteners, biff, white and -- « i'i'^JfUSKStlBBBra &
J* cray, tc-dnr, per pair *JhOC — ••«"*' ""SpM %
A* 1 3 pairs I. dies' undressed KM G!ov33. 8ik embrL-iJered W{ •*
ft backs, two patent fasteners grays, mo?es, tan3, {"¦?* r-\r~imnrrfi§M *5
tf green;, white and black, to-day, per pair G [ \ [ \<\lt$>WL3 X
j* £8 pai'8 iadi?3' Rtrong Ktd Shopping G!oVes."p"qae sewn, V \ \ RfflP '5
tf with two c'asps, tan aid red only, to-dar, -~_ (\ \} Ipl"' «
| perpair... ..69c |!| %W "5
» 32poi s isdias' 2-clasp Mscha Gloves, grays, __ III 111 5
£ mrd?* and bl"ck*. to dw, per pair o9G |i '5
¦ Sales Tables-Main aisle. MU §
| $1.25, $f.5O and Saturday Special Saia |
g $1.75 Wrappers Hose Supporters. J
%' 95C. A special purchase of .'.00 pairs of ladies' X
*• -55A -/-^ These fin? 'rilled elastic side Hoi? Supporters. •«{
{» 5Al raX hoaw nor * nI1 ' en £th, Lindsar's inorsv^d button n
tf ULr ¦ f calft'wran- clasp, colors cardinal, back, orang*. -2
•^ rrJL talc w lali* •• j !• -l *^ 1
5 Zx£zk%k ST^le? Per*- w 'th or piB \*?. d hght blue - ard worth about X
IS RwSr** Ki£%P f \ without * one-half mire than to-day's special .V
5 K^felim flouice,' Priw. are off J? ed for Satnr.i?y f „ .J
£ @$8§r VV&W seven stjle- 0n ' 7 ' P ?r P air ' C X
I «7ll Velours at HaS f, %
IS orings.fre?h. Qae-yard lengths of b3autifui Valoura. X
% * &%&£$!/ 'H- HrtW. c!ean f ood3 * charmn g V3 vet pattern, the )a=it lot «5
V 5 mU "P* 1 " 1 * that we probably will havaachano >|
k* t^^m^ilUV 1 \\\\ J1 - 25to toeet fcr a ¦ on ? time, sutab'e for X
*£ /.*t^'I^V !'l! I pVv\ 51.7.1 each, cushion tops, cha^ peats and bicka. 5
6 !$£&£$>$li ! 'iU\ I 'i\V»\> to-day etc.. vorth r.earlv dcubU,*al« —mm '%
J (sPsSgSFKl! JIB^oay pric3 Satnrd iy only, each &7C'x
•» > i-^~ j** |v — — — — —— ——^—^-. X
| Secon. Floor-rrcnt: S5G Boy*' $3.OO SUitS |
* mn ~~i — « To-Day Only-$1. 79 a
{ : Men's Overcoat Two . pi;ce s^; hr^ ieA coats ;?
I K Saie COntinUeS. ? nd kn - e P^nts. made of strong, serv- X
K " Ba'ance of a prominent New York mm- iceab ' 0 w »ol materials in neat and j|
J". n^acturer's stccktf several styles of £ ff<}CtiTi patterns, miny of the pants X
«f Overcoats at from a third to'a half b ivs «-> ub ' e seat? and knee?, sizes are •*
less than regular trices; $15. $17.50 for to to '6f**rs °nl»- We saved a'- #
% and ?2J B ue and Black Kerseys. Mel- m3s:; half when b ' J . vin K th3se Suit? X
X ions and Rorgh Cheviot #4f -»_ and cntil clo.'iag timo to-night effw «J
K Overcoats, on -ale at... mPlMmOO them a^ $1.79 %
X $2*. $30 and ?35Bu?. Black anj Brown O*»rf«»-- ! f „-- «•_»_ _* X
V Kerseys, Oxfords, Vicunas and Black &J2fS Of •{
K Thibet?, coats that your tailor wou'd Readable SOOfcS. •'•
X charge $30 and $50 for, now on .«a •» .__ .... . , , , X
J> a t.. $18.65 standard bcoks, neafy X
tS ¦'••'"•^2^22111111111111111211 bound in strong cloth, exceptionally '^
j£ Cutler's A NO* O we 1 printed from large type oa good «J
1»* # lAJU:~f~~.. FTI bo °* paper, all of the famous non- V
tS 1 TViTBSKey— lA\ copyrighted ti'les in this iu. T.ie S
K • SSCm ' fSA Fub;i her>s pr5ce P er Tol> J m e 7cc. tha -5
» ww> iw lJg gtortj » a g atai( j 3y 8a i e J
y Our F-mily Liquor D;- price .' S9C X
t? partment on miin floor nnl-ps fc r p~~rfp ~ X
| L h ;%TS?^L 8 o p :?;, llcff / r " S P^yina Cards We. S
JflciHeV^ A No. 1 Bourbon M^j A °' th « shipment of the c 1 X
i Whiskev. the genuine Sb I «»e «aamefed playitg 1 a X
1? A P H>talin" ' ®®j cards with picture of ••
I mmMm Sii \
I 1O Cigars for 15c. j£5. ""<S^3l%>v S
K Thev ,' t 'good ones too, a regular made Taey are X
jf Pante r la Ci?ar, that makes a very perfect, -£.— t > ?^ j*
*» pleasant smoke, on special aih at ceautifnlly fini-hed. round cornered X
K Cigar Stand in Rotunda, _" " enameled card*, as pool as any that >5
t Saturday only, ten g£*g* cm be I ought for 3')c a pack. '— *«£
iS for »*^*r oa sale Saturday only lUG X
% Catalog"** P" CoMi>.ni»iiU». ty^-y^^r; to-dll"*** %
}L NOW UadV. *V\UF0RMa-S LARaEST**AJ»lERICA-5 GRANDEST STORE $5. 40.'.'I might have -known better than to
trust my. money to that broker." • -
"Why. so?. Are.: appearances against
him? ' •- " ¦
:"No: confound him! It's his disappear
ance,"— Brooklyn • Life.
REGRETTED.
Hicks— What a romancer you are! You
say you slept like a baby last night, and
we heard you half the night bellowing like
all possessed. - .
wicks— Yes. that's the way my baby
sleeps, you know.— Boston Transcript.
"Our coffers," exclaimed the treasurer
of the campaign, "are exhausted!"
The boss was., seemingly undismayed.
"How : about " our cougrhers?" he asked,
wittily, tumingto. the chief fat fryer.'- \
: Of- course,.*. while -yet the coughers
coughed, all were well.— Detroit Journal.
ENTIRELY TRUE.
COFFERS AND COUGH ERS.
"Aha!" exclaimed the policeman, "read
ing a paper, are you? I- thought you
claimed to be a blind man."
"So I am," replied the besrgar, who had
been taken off his guard: ''my real trade
is putting blinds on windows." — Philadel
phia Press.
She Is a winsome young M. D.;
He has a stranpe sensation.
The symptoms show, 'tis plain to see,
Aortic Inflammation.
He calls her in— "Oh. doctor, I'm
Oneof your ailing pupils;-
What shall -I take — oh, say in time —
How many grains or scruples?"
She notes his symptoms— 'tis enough
(A blush her charms quadruples);
"Take me." she murmurs, "quantum suf.
And never mind the scruples."
—Tommy Dod.
AN EYE-OPENER.
A LEAP YEAR PRESCRIPTION.
A CHANCE TO. SMILE.
Red Bluff Sentinel.
Why did not the San Francisco Exami
ner publish all of Mr. McKlnley's letter of
acceptance?' Why did it pretend In its
issue of yesterday to publish the letter in
full when In fact the most essential por
tion of it is suppressed? There is only
one of two reasons for Hea/st's cowardly
action. Either, the portion omitted was
designedly suppressed by him and the
Bryanlte committee in Chicago, on ac
count of the damage the truth of history
would do their cause, or that they as
sumed that the Bryan followers read
only Hearst papers. William R. Hearst
and his hirelings, "the longest leased
liars" in the world, arc a disgrace not
only to the honorable profession of jour
nalism, but they disgrace the honesty and
decency of the American people.
HACKED McKINLEY'S LETTER
CENSUS experts estimate that there are now in
the United States something like 3.000,000
young men who will next November have the
privilege of casting their first ballot in a Presidential*
election. In some closely contested States the new
voters will be numerous enough to turn the scale and
decide how the vote of the State shall be given. A
considerable number of them will follow their fathers
in politics, but it is safe to say a very large proportion
will study the issues of the time for themselves and
make their own choice of the party they will support
with their ballots. Such being the case, it is gratify
ing that Republican leaders are making earnest ef
forts to instruct young voters on the issues of the
time, the events that led up to them and the policies
of the opposing parties with respect to them.
The attention of young men is to be directed first
to the fact that the campaign of the Democratic party
this year is made largely upon false issues. The
fraudulent nature of the cry about ."imperialism" and
"militarism" should be explained, and the pretensions
of the Democrats to pose as supporters of the
Declaration of Independence .and of- the principles of
Lincoln exposed. It is to be pointed outthat the
true issue of the time is Bryanisni against .conserva
tive government. Bryanism means free silver, free
trade, national dishonor by a degradation of the cur
rency and industrial disaster by. the overthrow of
protection. On the other hand, the Republican pa»-ty
once more enters the national campaign as the cham
pion of those great principles of liberty and progress
that have brought us to the front rank of the greati
nations of the world; it enters the contest under the
leadership of William McKinley, one of the purest and
wisest of a long line of illustrious statesmen; it
wages unrelenting warfare against the party that has
declared for a policy of reaction— that advocates prin
ciples that would demoralize* our industries and tar
nish our national honor. ". '¦.
For the purpose of. enabling young voters to work
more effectively in the campaign there has been
formed an association known as "The First Voters'
Kepublican National League," and organizations arc
being effected in all pr,rts of. the country. A recent
circular from the national headquarters of the league
in Chicago says: "Each local league, when organ
ized, shall arrange. for regular meetings, appoint a
committee on membership,, whose .duty it shall be to
make a systematic canvass of the first voters, that the
league. may have upon its rolls the name of every Re
publican first voter in the community: elect a captain^
who shall lead the members as they march in parades
and attend meetings, and on election day see to it
that every man casts his vote. In addition to its own
work the league should be ready to give active assist-
THE ARMY OP NEW VOTERS,
/ — * IRCULARS have been issued announcing the
( programme of the eighth conference of the Na-'
tional Municipal League, which is to be held
in Milwaukee beginning September 19 and continuing
for three days. The work of the league has now be
•come highly influential throughout the Union, and
therefore even in the heat of a political campaign a
good deal of interest will attach to the proceedings of
the meeting.
Among the principal papers prepared for the occa
sion are: "The Essential dements in Good City
Govcrnment," by Charles J. Bonaparte of Baltimore;
"The Representation of Different City Interests in
the Council," by Hon. William Dudley Foulke of
Richmond, Ind.; "The Influence of Public Service
Companies on City Government," by Rev. Washing
ton Gladden, D. D., of Columbus, Ohio, who was re
cently elected an Alderman of that city; "The Gov
ernment of the City of Glasgow," by. Rev. Albert
Lazenby, recently of the city of Glasgow; ,"A Year's
Municipal Development," by Clinton Rogers Wood
ruff of Philadelphia; "The Model Charter, a Practical
Experiment of Long-tried Principles, Not an Inno
vation"; "The Model Charter and Wisconsin Cities,"
by Hon. Joshua Stark, president of the Wisconsin
Bar Association; ''Dees the Model Charter CtWer
Dangerous Powers on the Mayor?" by Charles Rich
ardson of. '-Philadelphia: "The Model Charter and
Small -Cities." by Professor S. E. Sparling of the
University of Wisconsin, who is also an Alderman of
Madison; "The Growth oi the Municipal Reform
Idea in the West," by Dr. Amos P. Wilder of Madi
son, Wis. . -
:Each of the papers is to be followed by a discus
sion, and as there is always a large attendance of men
who are eminent authorities in municipal matters, it
is assured the meeting on the whole will be one of
the most important the league has yet held.
The problem of good city government "has not yet
been satisfactorily settled in any city in j the United
States. . The various reform charters adopted during
the last few years have not produced the full measure
of benefits expected. Most of them, like that of- San
Francisco.; have .proven ' not much better than the
governments ' they superseded. By reason of that
fact the public interest in the discussions of the
league is, likely to increase for some time to come.
"Debate is tiresome at times, and municipal reformers
are generally long-winded talkers, but in the^end de
bate justifies itself- by bringing out some pood "plan
for grappling with th* evils of the time. The Muni
cipal League fills an important place in our politics)
and its .debates are among .those best calculated to
solve the complex difficulties of city government, and
/ccordingly : its proceedings "always 'merit' attentive
Study.
THE MUNICIPAL .LEAGUE.
"Why don't you make your boy read
Shakespeare Instead of all those prurient
French novels?"
"We are fitting him to be a theatrical
manager."
KNEW WHAT THET WERE ABOUT.
The money question, as McKinley has said, is "the
immediate question." It is the one that affects the
savings, the wages and the earnings of every citizen.
Other issues may be settled /later, but this must be
dealt with at once.
With Crokcr supporting the ice trust in the East,
Chairman Jones of the Democratic National Com
mittee supporting the round cotton bale trust in the
South and John J. Valentine supporting the express
trust in the West, it h not to be wondered that Bryan
has decided to let the trusts alone this year and do his
talking against imperialism.
The seaside dress represented Is of white
mohair. The corsage Is trimmed with
bands on the cross, striped with narrow
black velvet, alternating with narrow gold
braid, and Is made In stitched pleats. The
front and ends of the sleeves are of cam
bric and Valenciennes. Around the bot
tom of the skirt are three overlapping
pleats.
WHITE MOHAIR DRESS.
AT Mechanics" Pavilion, last evening the Repub
lican campaign in this city was opened. The
orators who rddressed the meeting were
United States Senator Fairbanks and Hon. F E. Hol
loway. It was well worth while (or every citizen who
takes an intelligent and patriotic interest in the issues
of the time to hear these gentlemen. Each of them
holds high rank as an orator. and as a statesman.
Their discussions of the problems now before the
people were much more than ordinary stump
s-pecches. and, while their words were primarily ad
dressed to Republicans, there is no fair-minded man
who will not find interest and instruction in them.
It is gratifying that the Republican campaign has
Seen opened by orators of such eminence. There is
needed a thorough awakening of the lie publicans of
San Francisco to the duties of the time. Many Re
publicans have not yet registered. That primary duty
which political liberty imposes upon the citizen has
been thus far neglected by many men who pride them
t-tlves on being "good citizens," and who would be
the last to shirk or postpone any private responsi
bility. Numbers of n;cn who have prospered under
the administration of McKinley and who are aware,
how important to them is the continuance in undi
niinished vigor of the Republican policies respecting
finance and the tariff :<re yet seemingly indifferent to
the danger of the overthrow of all Republican legis
lation by the triumph of Bryan.
So many men of that kind exist in the Republican
j.arty that in Maine nnd Vermont the Republican
vote in the State elections this year was less than that
of four years ago, while the Democratic party shows
a considerable gain. The warning of those elections
"should not be overlooked. A slight decrease of the
Republican vote in Maine or in Vermont amounts
to nothing, but an equal percentage of decrease in
California would give the State to Bryan. In our
sanguine assurance of the election o.f McKinley we
i.iust not ignore the danger of overconfidence. The
only way to assure victory is to work for it.
There *-2s ample tirdor and onthusiasm displayed
:.l the meeting last evening. The audience was as
large as the vast auditorium could hold and not a
binjrle point made by the orators of the evening was
:!iissed by the appreciative listeners. The responsive
cheers which greeted every strongly stated argument.
even- patriotic appeal, every mention of the names of
McKinley and Koosevtlt. attested the zeal of the
•voters and manifested their devotion to the party of
sound money and protection. Such manifestations,
however, will not count on election day. The result
of the contest is to be cttermined not by cheering but
by voting. It is pertinent to ask at this juncture
vhcihcr all the men who applauded with enthusiasm
the speakers last evening have taken the trouble to
register: whether they are members of Republican
clubs and have prcpnrcd themselves to work effec
tively for the cause they believe to be that of national
and individual prosperity.
The Call is not doubtful of the result of the election,
any more than is Senator Ifanna. who. as chairman
of the Republican National Committee, has repeat
edly uttered a warning against overconfidence. It has
every 'reason to believe the indifference of the
rank and file to the work of the campaign will soon
pass a;vay. Increiore in renewing the warning The
Call 553S no other object than l6 hasten the popular
aivakpning and to rouse Republicans to the duty of
immediate registration. The campaign has now been
formally opened in, this city. a:i<] surely there will
now be no further del?y among the voters in getting
themselves rcgisterc-!. Why not attend to it to-day?
the: campaign opened.
FASHION HINT FROM PARIS.
Dr. A. Kahn of Napa Is at the Lick.
J. A. Barry of London is at the Occi
dental.
Captain A. Graves of Dawson Is at the
Palace. *
J. Alberto Boulllab of Costa Rica is reg
istered at the Occidental.
T. Spencer, a New York merchant, is
registered at the Palace.
Professor C. A. Copeland of Stanford
University is at the Palace.
C. A. Campbell, a prosperous Red Bluff
merchant, Is at the Grand.
Leonard Coates of Napa, a big vineyard
ist, is stopping at the Grand.
O. F. Atwood, a well-known electrical
man In Stockton, is at the Grand.
L. F. Moulton of Colusa. an extensive
grain dealer, Is registered at tlje Lick.
T. M. Towl, a prominent New York
merchant, is at the Palace for a few days.
W. C. Lawrence, a prominent hardware
man at Portland, is registered at the Oc
cidental.
Judge A. P. Catlln of Sacramento ar
rived in the city last evening and is at
the Lick.
Dr. J. N. Hotvedt. Miss Hadenfleld and
Miss Forbes, from Fanching, China, are
registered at the Rus3.
C. A. Carson, County Recorder at Los
Angeles, is spending part of his vacation
in this city, making his headquarters at
the Lick.
G. A. McElfresh, high chief ranger of
the Forester9 in this State, arrived In the
city from Los Angeles yesterday after
noon and will be at thy Grand for a day
or two.
J. B, Duffy. Santa Fe ticket agent at
the ferry, has been appointed city pas
senger agent of the Santa Fe Railroad.
He will assume the duties of his new po
sition to-day.
C. Nixon. H. Glade. C. W. Kack and H.
Gerber. officers from the Columbus (Ohio)
Barracks, arrived in the city last even-
Ing with a detachment of recruits. They
are stopping at the Grand.
Miss Evangeline Trenholm. who has
been at the Presidio since September 5.
when she returned from Red Cros3 ser
vice In Puerto Rico, has been ordered to
Manila by the surgeon general. She will
leave'on the transport Thomas to-day.
Dr.* A. H. Gianninl, who has been visit
ing the principal hospitals in the East,
has arrived in Qucenstown. -Ireland, on
his way to Edinburgh* from which latter
place ho will visit the most prominent
schools in England, Germany, France,
Austria and Italy.
A- M. Tinker of "Washington and wife
are stopping at 'the Palace. Mr. Tinker is
connected with the United States Govern
ment Interior Department. He was at
one*time quite a prominent Massachusetts
politician. His home Is In North Adams,
Mass.
PERSONAL MENTION.
Exports from the United States during
the past fiscal year Increased to every sec
tion of the globe. Next to European ex
ports, the- largest increase was in ship
ments to Asia and Oceanlca: the third
larpest increase wa3 in exports to other
parts of North America.
The school superintendents of old New
York City recommend the abolition of
vertical penmanship ii: the schools, claim
ing that It takes slow penmen. Thl3
style has been very r'-pular with grado
teachers for several years, but most pro
fessional teachers of penmanship have fa
vored the slanting style.
"Women can now vote In New Zealani
and South Australia. They will probably
be allowed to do so at the next election
in West Australia and Queensland and
have been promised the- franchise in New
South Wales. In Victoria the Govern
ment Is opposed but gradually weaken
ing.
Children playing with matches caused
ninety-one fires last year. Cigars and
cljrarettes caused 912: electric wires and
lights. 750: boilers and «n«rlnes. 3S7; Incen
diarism. 6744; lightning 1 . 2760; spontaneous
combustion, 1235; six were due to sun's
rays. The causes of 13,127 flrea were not
discovered.
A meOlcal society In Cleveland has
started a movement for removing: offen
sively deformed and crippled bejrjrar3
from the street. The number has jcreatly
increased in recent years and the doctors
believe that the public display of de
formity la Injurious to the community.
The City Council of Kokomo. Ind.. re
cently passed a resolution demanding: that
the Police Board relax Its vigor In deal-
Ing; with saloons and gamblins-house^.
This has roused the "law and order" ele
ment, and the result Is that the town Is
now drier than ever.
Notwithstanding the great enlargement
of the city of Liverpool in 1S35. when out
dlstricts all around the city were added
to the municipality, bringing the popula
tion up to the estimated total of "OO.OOrt.
a movement is on foot for further exten
sion.
FOR THE CALL READERS.
for all who are in distress. '¦ "*
With the news from Galveston and other storm
swept cities of Texas fresh in the minds of the people
it will jiot be necessary to emphasize the need of
making contributions promptly. The wounded, the
sick and the homeless cannot wait. Want and hun
ger and death are very near to many, and those grim
foes of humanity never wait for time or tide. Let
California act at once in this matter. Come forward
with your contributions. It is the voice of humanity
that calls, and the cail comes from a sister State when
25,000 homeless people are waiting for help.
PROMPTLY and liberally have the American
people lesponded to the appeals of the stricken
7 districts of Texas. From all parts of the Union
a bountiful stream of* contributions have poured in
ever since the first cry for help was heard. So large
have the donations been that the Governor of Texas
estimates that by to-night the total will exceed
$3,000,000. Among the communities that have been
most generous San Francisco holds a high rank, and
California has been among the foremost of the States.
The situation therefore begins to clear up, and along
the edge of the retreating clouds of horror is to be
seen the glow of charity like a rainbow overarching
the land.
Large, however, as, have been the gifts, the spon
taneous flow of help from a generous people must
not yet cease. The disaster at Galveston has been
one of those terrific calamities whose direful results
outstrip imagination and surpass the exaggeration of
statement they inspire. The later stories have not
diminished the first w:ld estimates of death and de
struction. On the contrary, the tale of loss grows
from day to day. It was first supposed the loss of
life would be about 2coo and the loss df property
would approach $10,000,000. Later calculations based
upon the examinations made since the storm increase
the number of deaths to 5000 'and the money loss to
$20,000,000. Such a calamity is bound to entail suf
fering for a long time 'to come, and the donations
thus far made will be but a small part of what will
be needed by the stricken people.
the first burs:: of sympathy excited by the
horror of the appalling story is over there will be less
indiscriminate giving, but, on the other hand, those
who give from principle and from reflection more
than from mere impulses will doubtless add much to
the contributions in all parts of the Union. For the
purpose of promoting such donations Governor Gage
has acted wisely in appointing a State relief commit
tee, made up of representative men whose interest in
all matters of public welfare is well known and who
thoroughly represent the sympathies of Californians
TrJE APPEAL FROM.TE-XAS.
The number of prominent men wh<y supported
Bryan in 1896 but who have now declared for Mc-
Kinley is a striking proof of the good effect four
years of prosperity have -had upon the minds of men,
even when they happen to be Democrats.
GENERAL, JAMES SMITH.
Brigadier General U. S. V.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD DISTRICT,
Department of the Visayas, :
BACOLOD, Negros, August 1, 1900.
SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.
GENTLEMEN: For many months THE CALL has been arriving in Negros
". ¦ i i i i i i i «k
g%g -gJlfe-e gall.
SATURDAY SEPTEMBER 15, 1900
JOHN D. SPRBCKELS, Proprietor. "
A<Wrss A.! CemmurMCi'.iaiw to W. S. LEAKE. Mana£«r.
MANAGER'S OFFICE Telephone 0^
MDLICATIOM OKFICE..j:nrkPt' and Tblrd. S. F.
'I>li-itl:<inr 1'reM SOI.
EDITORIAL ROOMS.... 217 to 221 Ste*e»»»« St.
Telephone Presn 202.
DtMvrri-*} »it Carrier*. 15 Cent- Per Week.
Slncle Cople*. 5 Cents.
Trnn* !»y Mall. Including Po^tBRei
DAIT.T CALL, 'Including Sunday), one y*ar I* 1 *
r.l!LT CALL, <lnclud'n c S-jndsy). « month* ».*•
t»AILT CALL MTwJudinr Surday». S months 1-6*
PAtLY CALL— Bv Pliple McntB ««
fT'KDAT CALL One Tear *- M
VTEEKLT CALL, One Yctf 1- M
AJ1 postsinaters fire anthorlzed to receive
¦ Bbucrlptioni.
S&ssple ccpiei will be icrwarded when r»q"j»»?ed.
Mill TOt»rrll>»r« !n r^roerlng change of ad<3re*s should b«
pirtir-ular to plv e hot'.i NEW AND OLD ADDRESS In order
to Insure a prompt wnd correct compliance with their r«c»est.
OAKLAND OFFICE 1113 VronAvr»7
m
GEORGE C KROSNESS.
Manager Foteign Advertising, Varquette Building. Chicago.
<Lcc£ Clf lance Telephone "Central ICI1">
rcrrw top.k correspondent:
C C. CARLTON Herald Squire
XEW TOF.K REPRESENTATIVE:
STLPHEN B. SV;TH 33 Tribune Bui'dingr
Virar TORK NEWS STANDS:
Wataorf-AMcria Hotel; A. Brentanc. SI Union Square
Kcrray H1U Hotel.
CHICAGO NFWS STANDS:
Etertr.*n Hccse: ij. O. New* Co.; Great Northers Hotel:
rrerc-.Tit Ucusr; Auditorium Hotel.
WASHINGTON :D. C. 1 . OFFICE Wellington Hotel
MORTON t. CRANE. Carr-spDnd-nt.
UXtASCP OFFICES -C27 Mcntecrcery. corner of CU7. open
cr.til *:30 o'clock. SCO Hayes, open until 9:30 o'clock. (32
McAllister, open until *:3it o'clock. '615 Larkln, open until
*:iO c'cloek. Ml Mission, open until JO o'clock. 22C1 Market.
<vrn«r Sixteenth, <r*n until J o'clock. JC06 Valencia, open
until 9 o'clock. 10£ Eleventh, open until 9 o'clock. NW cor
r.er Tivrnty-wcrnS r.r.d Kentucky, open until S o'clock.
GENERAL JAMES SMITH THANKS THE CALL
FOR SUPPLYING THE SOLDIERS WITH PAPERS
J\ i/ A ANY times have the political managers of the
/ \ Southern Pacific Railroad affronted San
* Francisco by a display of brutality in domi
neering over their henchmen or of hypocrisy in seek
ing to deceive the public, but never in' all the history
of the road have its managers ever committed an act
in which brutality and hypocrisy were so mixed as in
the publication in the railroad organ on Thursday
afternoon of an editorial entitled "Kick Kelly Out."
There was no attempt at mild treatment in the a,r
tlcle. It was bluntly said: "The Republican leaders
should cast Martin Kelly out from among them."
Then it was added, in big black type: "He is inde
cent." "Kelly is an impostor," "Kelly is dishonest,"
"Kelly is a traitor," "Kelly is a menace," "Kelly is a
rascal."
Why should Herrin make this sudden and furious
attack upon Kelly? Two years ago the Republicans
of San Francisco "kicked Kelly out" and kicked
Crimmins and the rest of the gang along with him.
The "impostor" and * the rascal" was then out of poli
tics. Who brought him back? What power was it
that lifted him out of the gutter, gave him the means
of getting prestige in ward politics and reconstituted
him a boss?
Kelh's present prominence in politics is due solely
to the Southern Pacific Railroad and its attorney,
Herrin. Herrin and the corporation desired to g»*t
control of the Republican party in this city. They
made use of Kelly and allied themselves with him for
that purpose. Kelly had never been anything but a
slum politician before Herrin took him up. He had
been content to do politics in back rooms and to keep
out of public sight, and he would never have had any
desire for publicity had not the Hon. W. C. Van Fleet
recognized him at the Santa Cruz convention as a
"leader" of the railroad forces. Van Fleet appointed
Kelly's committee on credentials and-stood sponsor
for Kelly's introduction to "open politics." Having
such a recognition and such an introduction from
Van Fleet, and feeling sure that he was worthy of his
new friends, is it surprising that Kelly should feel like
displaying his dignity? Is it strange that he should
wish to show himself in conventions, make speeches,
nominate candidates, escort them to the chair and dis
play all the importance given him by his alliance with
Herrin and by the favor of the Hon. W. C. Van
Fleet?
Herrin and the railroad have used Kelly for all he
is worth.- They have got his goods, and now they
wish to kick him out. Is that considered fair even
by railroad politicians? Who but Kelly devised the
schemes by which the railroad could encroach upon
the Republican party in this city? Who but Kelly
and fellows like hi:n brought out the toughs and
rounders that made the Republican primaries a dis
grace in order that Herrin might win? Who but
Kelly did the dirty, hard and rough work that the
railroad demanded? Who but Kelly furnished the,
brains that conceived cS well as the energy and impu
dence that executed the plans for carrying out the
railroad schemes?
Why should Herrin wish to kick Kelly out? Why
should the railroad organ call upon Republican lead
ers to do the job? Should the railroad managers get
control of the Legislature or of the Board of Super
visors there will be jobs galore and money will cir
culate. Is Kelly, who did all the work, to have none
of the spoils? There arc corporations such as the Spring'
Valley Company, the Market-street system, the tele
phone company and ethers which will have to make
contributions for the education of the Supervisors on
the subject of rates. Is Kelly to have nothfng to do
with the expenditure of the contributions? After
doing most of the fighting is Kelly to be kicked out
before the spoils are distributed?
\V. F. Herrin oi the Southern Pacific is the author
of Kelly"s power in politics at this time, and the Hon.
W. C. Van Fleet is sponsor for Kelly's appearance in
public. If the railroad wishes Kelly kicked out it
should first kick out Herrin.
KELLY fIND THE RAILROAD.
ance to the regular party organization. It is of the
greatest importance that the first voters throughout
the land should take up this work.; Such action on
their part will not only help to win 'a victory in the
present campaign, but it will do much to prevent a
renewal in the future of the attack that is now being
made upon the very foundations of republican govern
ment on this continent."
The work, of the league should be heartily taken
up and supported in California. As is well said in the
circular: "The young men of the country should feel
a peculiar interest in the results of this campaign.
If the seeds of folly are to be sown, it is they who
must reap the fruits. II this nation is to listen to evil
counsels and depart from the path of duty ami
/rogrcss that it has kept for over a hundred years,
if it is to adopt a policy of reaction, if it is to stoop
tc dishonor, if it is to pass into the throes of class
warfare, the baneful results will fall with greatest
weight not upon the present but uptm the genera
tions that are to come.'*
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL., SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 15, 1900.
There are no free under this adminis
tration, but still there will be soup enough for the
Bryanitcs on election day.
It is ssid ihc Democratic National Committee has
found little or no demand for free silver literature
On that question the campaign of education has been
completed and the voters arc satisfied. ¦',,
c
with unfailing regularity, and although ac
knowledgment of the consideration shown was
made some time ago, I cannot resist thanking
the management again for its thoughtf ulness .
Two years of ' 'soldier, and nothing else
but soldier, '' ought to begin to pall a bit,
but THE CALL'S remembrance of him seems just
as strong as ever. The papers are sent to the
hospital at Bacolod, where the kindness which
induced their sending does not go wi'thout a
hearty appreciation.
Respectfully Yours, \
DON'T MISS THE GREAT COMIC SECTION,
Sunday's
/
-V^CLLL September U t 1900.
From Pleasure Palace to
Need of a National Con-
~~ ~ The King of Italy and His
"VALDA" —
Tb« Mo.t Sensational Story or TypeS FrOfTI Old McXICO.
. . the Day.
, Daily Life of the Circus
Performer.
The Art of China Painting.
A Vanquished Race.
THE SUNDAY CALL LEADS THEM ALL.
Lttxuriant hair with its youthful color assured
by usir.sr Parker's Hair Balsam.
Hlndercorns. th« best cure for corns. IS cts.
Are you prepared to stand th« severity of win-
ter? DR. SIKGERT"S Angostura Bitters bu!M
up the system, vitalize the blood and prevent
disease. .
While Paris Is the center of attraction
most of the visitors will spend the larger
part of their holiday In England. London
Is filling, but Paris Is already full. Ameri-
can tourist asents are now in vain offer-
ing 12 francs a day in Paris for board and
lodging for their parties.
Special information supplied dally " to
business houses and public men by the
Press Cllppinsr Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont-
gomery st. Telephone Main 1042. • •
Cal. glace fruit 50c per R> at Townsend's •
AUCTION SALES.
Oectfest&l Hors* Exchange— Tuesday Evening, September IS.
»t 7:20 c'clcck. Hcr^s at ~2\ Howard street.
ASIUSEMENTS.
Columbia — "The Neir Dominion."
Alnambsa— "Kh:ii Ahcy."
Or; heutn— Vaudeville.
Gr&o£ Orra-house— "Quo Vadis."
Tlvoli— "Cav2i>ria nuytlcana" and "1 PEgliacci."
Akazar— "The Gir! I Left Behind Me."
Olympia, cornfr Mason and Eddy streets— Specialties.
Chutes. Zoo and Thi-ater— Vaudeville every afternoon antf
evrr.;r.£.
Fischer' s-,- Vaudeville.
Pain's Battl* ol ?an Juan. Folsom and Sixteenth streets.
Rcemttaa Fart:— r.aseball. _
dldcn date HaU— Maria K:p Orphanage Heception, this
¦fu mooo.
r-utro r.:Uh* — Or*en nights. •
Tanfi^ran J'ark— The Great Fair, Pertetnber 24 to October 6sioners of the Supreme Court have been
examining applicants for admission to
practice as.attomeys at law in the courts
of tho Stated Out of a class of forty-three
•the following were successful and are now
full-fledged legal practitioners: T. F.
Prendergast, Milton A. Nathan, Lestta E.
Burks,. G. K. McMath. Gabrill Nathan,
Benjamin Berry, Harry L. Huston. George
B. Crittenden. C. M. Goethe. C. C. Ben
nett. Henry Brlckley, Sterling- D. Carr,
I^awrence C. Manor, M. M. Getz, B F\
Fowler, Matthew S. Platz, H. R. Oaborn.
Walter Rodgers, H. E. Heineman, Frank
Andrade, Creed Haymond Shepardson,
Harry M. Johnson, F. C. Van Walbeck.
William R. Twamley. Charles S. Chandler.
T>. 8. Church, F. V. Du Brutz, Charles A.
Tuttlo. L. B. Hayhurst, George H. Whip
pie, Clement Tobin, John Hubert Mee,
Wilfred Edgar Farrell, Richard P. Hen
shall. Oeorge H. Richardson and G. G.
Kennedy. v
During the past few days the Commis-
More New Attorneys.
TAX LEVY WILL
BE RE-ENACTED
BY SUPERIORS
City Officials Decide to Fol
low State Law as a
Precaution.
At a conference of city officials yester
day it was decided to reaffirm the city tax
levy of $1,127, made last June, on the third
Monday in September, when the State
rate of .498 will be officially declared by
the board, thus making a total rate of
5L625. This course will j be taken as a
measure of precaution to avoid any ques
tion of the legality of the levy. The mat
ter of reapportionment of funds. fast be
coming exhausted will not be made. -
There were present at the conference
Mayor Phelan. his attorney. D. C. Mur
phy; Auditor Wells, his attorneys, Lloyd
& Woods; Supervisors Tobin and Jennings
of the Finance Committee, Supervisor
Connor and City Attorney Lane. The
meeting was Important, as Supervisor
McCarthy has raised the question of the
validity of the June levy, as the panhan
dle and other bonds, which have not yet
been issued, were included in that levy.
Mayor Phelan contended that there was
no conflict between the charter and the
State law, as the city had levied its tax
last June, but as the State's agent, the
board will levy the State tax on the third
Monday in September. He then sub
mitted a lengthy legal opinion prepared
by Attorney Murphy, in which It was
held that the charter nrovlsion on the
subject of taxation supersedes the gen
eral law, and that where the city and
county is concerned the fixing of the tax
rate is purely a municipal affair.
City Attorney Lane said that if the
same rate levied In June should be re
enacted on the third Monday in Septem
ber it would avoid any complication
raised bv taxpayers who might question
the validity of the June levy. There was
no legal necessity for It, but it would be
wise to do so.
Attorney Lloyd said he desired to as
sist the city In having a safe levy, and he
favored the re-enactment of the levy
adopted in June. He said that some one
! would attack the June levy, and the point
could be protected by reaffirming the levy.
He said that the levy of June need not
be amended or changed in one iota, but
that as a measure of precaution It should
be readoDted when the State rate was
levied next Monday.
Auditor Wells then asked what should
be done with the funds that are fast be
coming exhausted without another reap
portionment. He referred to the contracts
for hospital supplies which ajready great
ly exceed the appropriation, also the ap
propriation for the care of feeble-minded
children, which last year was $22,000 and
only $15,000 this year. It was the opinion,
however, that the reapportionment could
not be made. The Mayor explained that
steps were being taken to keep the ap
propriations within the one-twelfth
clause. The matter of printing and sta
tionery which •was ordered by the Board
of ' Public Works to be paid out of its
own funds was held to be illegal by Wells,
as there is a specific appropriation of $24,
000 for the purpose. The Mayor agreed
that such was the case, but attributed
what he was pleased to call a mistake to
the fact that the charter is not yet in
working order, and was necessarily slow
of operation. It was decided to pay the
demands in the irregular way, the Mayor
agreeing to share the responsibility.
There Will Be No Change in Rate
and No Reapportionment of
Funds Fast Becoming
Exhausted.
The steamer Peters arrived in port yes
terday with Boatswain Louis Peters in
Irons. Peters had a quarrel with Quarter
master William Shar.ahan and cut him on
the shoulder with a claspknife. He claims
Shanahan assaulted him. A complaint
was sworn to before Deputy United States
District Attorney Banning and Peters was
formally placed under arrest.
Assault on the High Seas.
Notice is hereby given to all Painters, Paper
hangers. Fresco Painters. Varnishers and Pol-
Uljers and Sign Painters that on and after Oc
tober 1. 1900, the Initiation fee' will be fifteen
($15) t dollars. All craftsmen not^ belonging to
their respective unions should save further ex
pense by making: immediate application. Paint
ers" District Council. E. O. Brundage, Rec. Kec.
their
Orchards and planting: lands;
and In the distance
The blink of the sea In breeze and sun.
In all these descriptions "Whittier*s
words and images have a first hand,
bright intensity; the landscape shines be
fore us In authentic Yankee sunlight;
there is no mystification, no European
their
Homesteads old. with wide-flung; barns
Swept through and through by swaUows;
It must at once be conceded that artis
try 1* not to be found in Whittier's
poems. Even when he is most impres
sive and best worth reading— and often
he is very Imprest ve indeed and extreme
ly well worth reading— he wins his power
over us in no degree through a curlosa
felicitas of phrase or Imagery or versifi
cation. In the proem to his poems he
has noted, and justly noted, his lack of
"rounded art," and has contrasted his po
etry with what he calls In characteristi
cally conventional words "the old melod
ious lays" of such singers as Marvell and
Sidney and Spenser. IXmbtless. Whit
tier's verse is now and then finely vigor
ous and even musical, and' doubtless his
phrasing, particularly In some of his im
passioned moral poems. Is often vital and
Imaginative. But ho has in his work no
certainty of Instinct; he is never safe
against utter commonplaceness both of
sentiment and of phrase. Triteness of
diction, then obviousness of motif and a
happy-go-lucky style— these are the pre
vailing faults of Whittler's poetry.
Yet when these faults have been ad
mitted in their full proportion, and when,
too, all the cruder melodramatic stories
have been set aside— the versified dime
novels like "Mogg Megone" and the Irre
deemably "plain tales" and legends lika
"The Bridal of Pennacook," and when
finally the tediously humdrum moralizing
has been expurgated— we still have a
goodly residuum of Whittier's poetry that
possesses enduring charm and power. .-'-¦-
Perhaps most noteworthy of all- the
poems are those that express moral in
dignation, that protest against oppression
and that plead for freedom. In treating
these themes Whittier's voice grows
clearer and more resonant, his verse Is
tenser, more vibrant, more subtly alive
to the changes of his moods, and his
words are picturesque, original, search
ingly sincere and impassioned. : A stanza
from "The Rendition" well represents the
mood in which many of these poems were
written:
And as I thought of Liberty
Marched handcuffed down the rwordefi street.
The solid earth beneath my feet
Heeled fluid as the sea.
It is not easy as we recall' Whittler's
portrait— particularly the portraits of
later years— to fancy behind the some
what pale, unexpresslve and withered
face a spirit fierce enough to flame out in
the words and stanzas of many of the
voices of freedom. But the pathetic
burning eyes tell the story. Underneath
the quakerish plainness of aspect there
was an unquenchable ardor of love for
mankind and hatred for wrong and op
pression. When Whittter heard or read
of some deed of cruelty or tyranny the
whole spirit of the man became a flame
fanned by the wind, and the true inter
pretation of his worn face In later years
would explain it as a face burned out and
calcined by the heat of moral indigna
tion.
TTT^?5*. a 3 equally essential Ingredient in
\v hittier s nature was a sweet and almost
homely delight In the common things ot
life. Nowhere more surely than In his
verse can those of us who have been chil
dren In country towns and villages flna
revived the old-time childish deli&hts in
summer and winter, in the fields. In the
woods, in birds and insects and all living
creatures whose ways were so delectably
droll and enticing. The indoor home life
with its placid, simple pleasures—"Whit
tier has captured that, too, and preserved
It with exquisite fidelity and charm. "In
treating themes like these he is a New
England Ce>wper, and yet he is closer to
fact that Cowper and has a racier, less
literary idiom. "Snow-Bound" transports
us in a moment into the magical winter
regions of boyhood; the poem makes one's
breath congeal in the air as one reads;
all the old winter feelings exhale from
the pages. In "Amy Wentworth" and
"Among the Hills" Whittier calls up with
delicate vividness the softer aspects of
rustic New England life; the stanzas
carry with them a delicious russet fra
grance. In these poems and manv others
Whittier excels In spiriting up before us
the very counterfeit presentment of New
England country landscapes — their
Old roads winding: as old roads will.
Here to a ferry and there to a mill;
LEWI3 E. QATE3.
Harvard University.
Idealization; there Is much happy close
ness to the many-hued and nicely varied
fact.
Of course, the poems that Whlttler is
oftenest remembered by are ballads like
"Maud Muller," "Barbara Frletchi**,"
"The Angels of Buena Vista," "Skipper
Ireson's Ride" and "The Pipes of Luck
now." Several of these have been droned
by reciters out of all semblance of fresh
ness and power; but even In themselves
they vary greatly in value. ".Maud Mul
ler" is at best little more than a maudlin
sentiment. "The Angels of Buena Vista"
Is a cleverly theatrical ballad, rather cheap
in tone and phrasing, and overlibcral of
melodramatic limelight situations. "Skip
per Ireson's Ride" is an admirably spir
ited narrative — a fine compound of nu
mor and pathos, human through and
through, and delightfully grotesque and
picturesque. "Barbara Frietchie" and
"The Pipes of Luckr.ow" portray gen
uinely dramatic incidents with terseness
and vigor of yhraae. sureness of music
and forthrightness of movement.
But the poems where Whlttier comes
nearest to creating a nameless kind of
novel beauty are the two little known
poems, "Howard at Atlanta" and the
Song of Slaves In the Desert" Both
deal with negro subjects; both are trem
ulously musical In their rhythm: both are
poignantly pathetic. The former poem
catches and suggests even more marvel
ously than St. Gaudens' memorial to Rob
ert Shaw the atmosphere of Badness and
strangeness In which, when one looks at
them in certain imaginative moods, ne
groes seem wrapt and Involved— their
tragic yearning toward the beautiful de
nied them. The "Slave Song" Is sunsr by
a caravan of captives lashed onward by
Moors through the desert." "Rubee" Is
their name for God, and the heartsick
refrain. "Where are we going, Rubee?"
is woven in and out of the poem with
plaintive Iteration. The flerc® lights. th»
dead shadows and the blazing colors of
the desert pervade from first to last a
poem which is strange and mystical be
yond anything else Whittier wrote; and
as we follow the lamenting train of slaves
through the pathless wind-swept tracts of
sand toward the ever vanishing gray
horizon line their sorrowful progress
grows for us almost terribly symbolic of
humanity's wayfaring through the wastes
of time. These are perhaps the only
poems of Whittier that carry the reader
beyond the bounds of perfectly sane and
authentic moral emotion.
'Whittler's "Songs of Labor" are rather
fictitious affairs, sentimentally decorative
In style and treatment. His drover, shoe
maker, fisherman and other heroes come
perilously near resembling the cheaply
pretty lithographs with which country
folk adorn their parlors. These po»ma can
hardly hold their own with Mr. Kipling's
fiercely faithful prose and verse lyrics of
toil and tollers. On the other hand, there
remains one group of poems in which
"Whittier Is almost at his best — poems in
which he utters with impassioned sincer
ity hl3 personal faith in God and in tho
ultimate triumph of every just cause. In
this group belonjr "Invocation." "My
Psalm and "My Triumph." Every one
knows well the tender, buoyant, almost
boyish courage of "My Psalm." the sweet
youthfulness of Its unstained and un
dimmed faith In early ideals. "Invoca
tion" Is specially noteworthy because
several of its stanzas, describing God's
spirit breathing through chaos, have a
visionariness and an imaginative scope
and an intensity and audacity of diction
that are with Whittier very unusual.
• Through thy clear spaces. Lord, of old
Formless and void the .I-a<1 earth rolled:
Deaf to thy heaven's sweet music, blind
To the jfreat lights which o'er it shlned;
Xo sound, no ray, no warmth, no breath—
A dumb despair, a wandering death.
To that dark, weltering horror cam*
Thy spirit, like a subtle flame—
A breath of life electrical. ?.-?:'¦
Awakening and transforming all.
Till boat and thrilled !n every part
The pulses of a living heart.
Then knew their bounds the land and »eaj
Then smiled the bloom of mead and tre*!
From flower to moth, from beast to man.
The quick creatlv? impulse ran:
And earth, ¦with life from the* renewed.
Was in thy holy eyesight good.
Finally. In "My Triumph." a poem much
later than "My Psalm," there sounds the
same note of fresh and Joyous confidence
as in the earlier 'poem. Its closing lln*9
are good Hne3 to leave ringing In one's
memory as one parts from Whittier: they
are essentially characteristic of his sim
ple, cheerful, tender-hearted manliness:
Parcel and part of ail.
I keep the festival.
Fore-reach the good to bet
And share the victory.
I feel the earth mov# sunward*
I Join the great march onward.
And take, by faith, while living-.
My freehold of thanksgiving.
SCHOOL BOARD
HEEDS ADVICE
OF THE MAYOR
His Honor Has a Talk With
Chairman Mark on Its
Classification. •*
The news that the Board of Education
had decided to relieve the overcrowded
condition of the city schools by opening
up new classes and assigning the neces
sary teachers thereto, published In The
Call yesterday, caused general rejoicingr
in the ranks of the pedagogues who have
been consolidated out of their positions.
Parents whose /children have hitherto
been denied the privilege of recelvlne an
education owing* to the high classification
inaugurated by the board were also cor
respondingly elated. Many were the con
jectures as to what had induced the board
to change front. w*^~
Chairman Mark denied that the board
had been forced by Superintendent of
Schools "Webster to provide accommoda
tions 'for all pupils, but It is nevertheless
true that several of the very recommen
dations made by Webster for additional
classes and teachers In certain schools
will be put into effect at next Wednes
day's meeting of the board, notably In the
Bernal Heights, Buena Vista and the
Haight schools, where two classes will be
opened.
It la quite possible, however, that a
higher power has induced the board to
listen to the appeals of parents for a
classification that will not exclude their
children from the schools. This Is no less
a personage than Mayor Phelan. who
said yesterday that he had had a talk
with Chairman Mark regarding classifi
cation. He had no conference with the
board as a whole and what was said in
that talk with Mark neither will tell. The
Mayor, though, has already stated that
sixty pupils in a class was too many for
one teacher to handle, and it is likely that
the board has come around to his way of
thinking.
That the board is considering the ad
visability of appointing additional teach
ers In other schools was made evident
yesterday by its inspection of twelve
schools in the Mission district which have
been reported by Superintendent "Webster
to be in absolute need of extra accommo
dations. These schools include the Co
lumbia, Horace Mann, Fairraount, Mar
shall; South End. Hawthorne, Agassiz.
Mission and others. "While Chairman
Mark would not admit that additional
teachers would be appointed in each
school, he intimated that the congestion
in many of them was as represented by
Webster,' and the staff would be Increased.
Superintendent "Webster blames the
board for installing manual training and
cooking plants in the department to the
detriment of other studies. Section 16fi6
says that Boards of Education may place
subjects in the course of study other than
those mentioned In section 1665, but must
not do so to their neglect. Webster calls
attention to the fact that citizens In the
Sunnyside district have agreed to donate
a piece of land if the board will erect a
schoolhouse to cost $2500. In the Buena
Vista School Miss Catlln, the principal, is
registering a large number of pupils for
whom thero are no accommodations.
Auditor "Wells has suggested that In
order to adjudicate the controversy be
tween the board and Superintendent Web
ster the latter Immediately rent an out
side room and appoint a teacher. When
the demands are presented "Wells will re
fuse to audit them and "Webster could
then mandamus him to do so. Webster,
however, says that he will not under any
circumstances pursue the course sug
gested by Wells. He has other plans, and
one may be his appointment of a teacher
who has never been elected by the board.
Its Hasty Move to Relieve Conges
tion by Appointing More
Teachers Said to Be
the Result.
Copyright, 1900,
by Seymour Znton.
LITERARY TALKS AND REMINISCBNCES.
WHITTIER: CRITICAL STUDY BY PROF. GATES.
Liability of the May Flint
The California Shipping Company, as
the owner of the American ship May
Flint that was sunk in the bay on the
evening of the Native Sons' fireworks ex
hibition, filed a suit yesterday la th«
United States District Court to limit their
liability to $4000. the alleged value of th<»
wreck, and to enjoin creditors from insti
tuting suits in the State courts.
Visiting: cards and Invitations iwtnted
and engraved. All th« latest tints and
shapes In writing papers and envelopes.
Selling agents for "Waterman" Ideal
Fountain Pens and sole agents for the
•'Marshall" Fountain Pen. which Is the
best In the world, for $1 each. Sanborn.
Vail & Co.. 741 Market street. •
Fine Stationery.
Minnie Munson Discharged.
Minnie Munson, alias Mary Edwards,
who was arrested along > with Leonora
Stewart, the notorious pickpocket and
shoplifter, a week ago. by Special Offlcer
Allen of the Emporium, was discharged
by . Judge Conlan yesterday. Minnie
claimed that she had been trying to re
form Leonora, and that was why she was
In her company. Minnie has for the past
nine years been connected with the Salva
tion Army.
the 8th of last June forwarded, through
Port Collector Jackson, a request to the
Secretary of the Treasury for ten addi
tional discharging Inspectors. In response
to that request the Secretary of the
Treasury notified the Collector that he
¦would be authorized to appoint three ad
ditional discharging Inspectors Instead of
ten. as aaked for. The Collector there
upon promoted Guarding Inspectors C. E.
O'Nelf. Charles A. Kelly and James W.
Campbell to be discharging Inspectors,
•which means an Increase of salary to the
persons named to J4 per day Instead of $3.
The Collector will fill their places with
three persons taken from the eligible list.
Owing to the largely Increased customs
business at this port. Surveyor Spear on
Custom-House Force Augmented Be
cause of Increase of Business
at This Port.
THREE ADDITIONAL
INSPECTORS NAMED
county of San Francisco, petitioning for shorter
hours of employment: It la the object of the
undersigned to petition the affiliated trades
for a union to be known as the Associated
Qerks of the city and county of San Fran
clcco; Its objects being for the social and moral
advancement of better citizenship and the par
ticipation In all affairs tending toward the ad
vancement of the commercial interests of the
city and county of San Francisco.
The cardinal object of the signers of this
petition is for thj cicslnff of all retail cloth-
Ing: houses, dry goods houses, department
stores*'- and kindred retail stores at S o'clock
every evening:, saving: the night preceding: a
holiday, Saturday night and during th£ month
of December.
This 6 o'clock movement to begin on the
first day of October and all firms, clerks and
employes signing this petition pledge the
thorough observance of the came. This move
ment being peneral. there will be no loss of
trade suffered through the generality of the
same.
The movement Inaugurated by the retail
clerks of this city to secure shorter hours
of labor Is being vigorously prosecuted.
Many of the proprietors of stores have
announced their willingness to join in the
early closing movement, among them be
ing Raphael Bros, and other well known
firms. The following petition which Is
being: circulated by the clerks Is being
freely signed:
Petition of the retail clerks of the city and
Will Organize a Union to Aid Early
Closing Movement — Petition
Being' Circulated.
RETAIL CLERKS AFTER
SHORTER .WORKING HOURS
THJ3 SAN' FBAjN CISCO CALL., SAT UUD AY, SEPTifiMJJEK 15, 1900.
XIV.
THE CALL'S
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
7
/LMTJsr/ivnsTTTa.
TAWFORAN PARK
Sept. 24 10 OCI. 6, 1990
UXDER MA5AGEJIENT OF THE
SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN MATEO
AGRICULTURAL ASS'N
To the lire-stock breeders of California, as
•well as to the lovers of out-door sports this
Exhibition is dedicated.
The attractions will include:
A High-Class Opea-Air Horse Show.
Select Herds of Prize Cattle.
A Complete Exhibit of Swine, Sheep, dost*
Poultry and Belgian Hares.
Extraordinary show of Dogs.
Attractive exhibit of high-class Vehicles and
other industrial displays from leading manu-
facturers ot the State.
Tho cut-door sports will embrace Polo Games
between players from Southern and Central
California for Championship. Pony Races.
Long Distanoe Race of 25 miles by noted riders.
Change of horses each mile in full view of G rand
Stand. *
GRAND ATHLETIC FIELD DAV
CLUB HARNESS RACING
HIGH-CLASS TROTTING AND PACING
In which the Great Stats of the East and West
will meet and make World's records.
All in all the entertainment will be clean,
dignified and instructive.
GRAND MUSICAL CONCERTS DAILY
Excellent raliroad facilities by both regular
and special trains to Grand Stand entrance.
Entertainment each day from 10:00 a. m. until
B SOQP.1L
HURT J. CnOCKES, Prcildul
BXOCGE ALBEK KEWHiLt, 3rrr<-t»ry
edwis r. aanii. t-«.r«i a u >|>r
BASEBALL !
San Francisco
vs.
Oakland,
TO-DAY AT 3 P. M.
SUN DA Y AT 2.-3O F*. M.
RECREATION PARK
Eighth and Harrison Streets.
PTCPIIT7R»O CONCERT HOUSE.
riutnLH O Admission 10=.
MAE TUXISON. EUDORA FORDE. J. F.
VIACO, L. E. BEHAN. HOWARD and CAMP-
BELL. OLIVE VAIL and DUTCH WALTON.
Reserved Seats, 2Dc; Matinee Sunday.
SUTRO Q«THS.
OPEN NIGHTS.
Or>en Dally From 7 a. m. to 11 p. m.
Bathing From 7 a. m. to 10 p. m.
ADMISSION. ID; CHILDREN'. 6c.
Bathing, including admission. 25c; Children. 20c.
MARIA KIP ORPHANAGE.
Annual reception with performance of the
Electrical Ratr Babies by the orphanage chil-
dren, Saturday, September 15, at 2:15 o'clock,
GoMen Gate Hall, 625 Sutter Bt. Admleslon—
Adults. 50c: children. 25c. Third Artillery Band.
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Price Lists Malta i
on Application.
ATTORNEY.
F. H. MERZBACH. lawyer. 503 Cal., qunle bd.
COAX. COKB AND Pld JKOX
T T IV'H Sft\' & f 0 90 ° Ba «ery Street.
j-t« W IL3Ufl \\ \AS', Telephone- Main 1864.
COPPERSMITH.
C W CKITH Ship Plumbing. Steamboat and
\f TT. 3.TlilUi Ship Work a specialty. 18 and
18 Washington at. Telephone Main 5641.
ELECTRICAL.
D. T>. WASS.
Electrical Engineer, 38 East St.
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
IAS ROYFS £ frt Shipping Uutchers. 1M
JA5- DUIC3 g \A3' Clay. Tel. Main 129«.
OALVAMZINa AND METALS.
Mf'K. & Dealer in Metals Cc Galvanizing. JOHN
FINN METAI- "WORKS. 315 Howard st.
HARNESS DRESSING.
"PALO ALTO." Best leather preserver on
earth. 25c. Roblnrbn Chem. Co., 1169 Howard.
' METAL.
Extra linotype and stereotype ¦ metal. Pacific
Metal Works, 137-9 First St.. San Francisco.
OILS.
LUBRICATING OILS. LEONARD & EL-
LIS. 418 Front St.. S. F. Phone Main 1719.
PAINTS.
Cylinder & Lubricating Oils, Schneider's Mlnln?
Candles. C. G. CLINCH & CO.. 9 Front. 8. F.
PM1NTI.N3.
E.C HUGHES. Pi £SS%. B .F.
PRINTERS. BOOKBINDERS.
THE HICKS-JUDD CO.,
, -23 First St.. San Francisco.
STATIONER AND PRINTER.
Telegraphic PlDTDinfiR 3°* California
Codes. ¦> » Ag I ttlUUD street.
WHITE ASH STEA3I COAL, gS B & lA S
DIAMOND COAL, MINING CO.. at its GREEN
RIVER COLLIERIES, is the Best Coal in the
market. OfQce and Yards— 450 Main street.
««* CHICHESTER'8 ENGLISH
Pennyroyal pills
AiT\ V*»im fo f CHICHESTER'8 ENGLISH
frNw^kfU^i ia Kr.n an4 Cold metaUle boxea. sealed
J^ S"\i?C«7j thl ' ll<<>ribb<> »- Take no other. BeTaa*
1*1 V^ VOJ Da^Kcroni KnbaUtnttoaa and Imtts> I
I / , QT «•¦•• Boy ;f yoor Iironxi.t, or *ent 4c- la
A 15 * v fr * Di 'RelleT far l-n.llrm" <« Utttr, by re-
AV/' „ »¦"> Mall. 1 O.O«« TMtlmeniati. Bold b»
„ TT""?,.. M Dril «« 1 i"- ; Ch!che»tcp Ckeaileal C«l
lianUoa tM» p*vmt. UadlHn B«un, I'HILA. P£'
«^yinlto6d.jr».T3 unnatural <ii5
jBJftJf Qc3r»ou*.l U charges, cr any inflnnim*.
BafeS not to Mrtemro. t: tioc, | irritation or uicent*
P-^a-.ffiTeau eoaugloD. . tion : ot mucous mea>
K£irHtEvAM3 CHEKiRttCo. branee. ; Nsu-Mtrlngent.
wt»?X u. r!. x. jF*ji < iy 8ent 'n plain wrappe*.
toTbo?t«.7?,
c v B ouwu*r sum witaiaaii
ADVERTISEMENTS.
"IlSOlSfE^SEClMfYr
Genuine CARTER'S LITTLE LIVER PILLS must
bear signature of -
Vcrr SBBkll waft, as easy
*fi» t*ke as ragaz.
* SEE Inn D-nrtfel™ HEADACH *. SFE
5EE CARTERS FOR DIHIWESS. 2LZ
GENUINE Bivpb for torpid liver. GENUINE
I pfll"§ FOR CONSTIPATION.
WPAPPFP Jfi_^ FOR SALLOW SKIH. WRAPPFR
wkaitek ] £gz&M lroRTKEcog«PLExiofi " K ArrEfi
. GXUVUUfJB MUSTtMVCUaHATURC.
-SBcraaraB ; 5
'•PK.I1TTTEID O2ST K,E!ID PAPER. 1
AMUSEMENTS.
GRAND OP^RA HOUSE
MATINEES SATUUDAT AND SUNDAY.
NEWB\M^4W fL&ea H PAriY
TILL FURTHER NOTICE.
Buoerb Production of
QUO VADIS.
Introducing In tne Arena Scena
ADGIE'S LIONS.
Evening Prices 10c. 15c 23c. 50c
A Few Front Rows In Orchestra. 75c.
Uatinee Prices 10c. 15c. toe 50c No higher.
Branch Ticket Office. Emporium.
MATINEE TO-DAY.
TO-NIGHT AND SUNDAY NIGHTJ
CLAY U R.
CLEMENT and STOCKWELL,
Supported by a Strong- Company.
IN MR. CLEMENTS IDVIJ^IC COMEDT.
THE
NEW DOMINION
Clay Clement as Baron von Hohenstauffen
CoiRirencinsr Monday— DOUBLE BILL.
"TUCPCMC" /CLAY CLEMENT \
tilCDi'LLC V as SUTIHIAS.7
And Dion Bouclcaulfs One Act Drama,
i "NAPOLEON'S GUARD."
MATIXEE TO-DAT, SATURDAY, SEPT. 15.
Parquet, 25c, any eeat: Balcony, 10c; Children,
10c. any part, except reserved.
GREAT "ADMISSION WEEK" BILL
The World-Renowned Contralto,
JESSIE BARTLETT DAVIS
YOUNG AMERICA QUINTET. QUERITA^
VINCENT, JOHNSON AND D2AN, HOWE™
V.'ALL AND WALTERS. GERTRUDE
MANSFIELD AND CARYL WILBUR.
WKPTON* AND WREN, LITTLE FRANCES
KEPPLER. GREAT AMERICAN BIO^
GRAPH. '¦
MATINEE TO-DAT AT J.
TO-NTGHT AND SUNDAY EVENING,
THE GREAT DOUBLE OPERATIC BILL.
"Cavallena Rusticaoa"
"I Pagliacci,"
THE ENTIRE COMPANY ALTERNATING.
Next Week— "FAUST" and "TROVATORE."
POPULAR PRICES 23c and 50c
Telephone Bush 9.
ALF ELLINGHOUSE. Lessee and Manager.
'Phone, South 770.
The Bluest, the Best, the Grandest.
Every Evening This and Next Week.
MATINEE TO-DAY and To-morrow (Sunday)
FERRIS HARTMAN
WITH
The nautical farcical success. Fifty people on
the staiie. Pretty girls, handsome costumes,
magnificent stage ecttlnRs. Special popular
prices. 15c. 2f.c, 25c and 60c.
oL^* H EAT R E v
MATINEE TO-DAY AND SUNDAY.
LAST TWO NIGHTS.
A Story of Indian Military Life.
THE GIRL I
LEFT BEHIND ME I
Beats for ail performances now oa eale.
PRICES-lSc. 25c, 33o and 60c. •
NEXT WEEK— A Br&nd New Farce.
"THE WIDOW'S .HUSBAND "
Special engagement of ADA LEWIS. "
TO-NIGHT-
FAREWELL PERFORMANCE
PAIR'S BATTLEOF SAN JUAN!
16th and Folsom Streets.
CUT-RATE~PRICES :
Best Seat« In Grand Stand.. BOc-
4600 Seats ilT.o and ZiTtc.
Children 25c. anywhere.
SOUVENIR PROGRAMME TO EVERY LADY
ATTENDING.
EXTRA ELABORATE FIREWORK DISPLAY.
Including
PAIVS ELECTRIC PYROTECHNICS.
Beats at Bherman & Clay'a.
CHUTES and ZOO
EVERY AFTERNOON AJJD EVENTNQ.
BIG VAUDEVILLE SHOW!
SEABURYTHigh Divep.
SPECIAL TONIGHT— BIG CAKEWALK
TO-MORROW NIGHT-
TESTIMONIAL BENEFIT TO THE WIDOW,
OFTHE LATE COLONEL DUBOGE.
Telephone for Seat*— Partt 0
The Rainier Beer was pronounced by
the N. S. G. W. to be the best. •
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Jy r7"f f T r V"rwvrrTf'T"r7"f' rrrT"r^"t'7'r7"r'7'y > Wy'rrWrrrW l rWT^rrWT'n
I " I
I These Women were Helped Through Woman f s Great Crisis j
| by Mrs. Pinkham— All Middle-Aged Women I
f Should Read Their Letters. 1
| fflsse Years of buffering — 1
|* " Deab Mrs. Phtkham : — When I first wrote to you, I was in a very h^d *
{£ condition. I was passin'g through the change of life, and the doctors daid S
£ I had bladder and liver trouble. I h , If ( i \||j vlil iU^kl/l ilAih |/ii 1 |iUi/;il/(MiV»!,'lilim T
I had suffered for nine years. Doc- MsWl) WMfl«™| J
| tors failed to do rao any good. HI OT ((ljffi5^ 3
i Since I have taken Lydia E. Pink- y\ )//)/]// ffp% * x jli *
J health has improved very much, tf/ll \\|Y ¦ ukl 3
£ I will gladly recommend your med- f?(\ I*\ I^N^ \W •
5 icine to others and am sure that it '\A1 ((j/^^y^^^ >^ v~>^\w*Jjil if
will prove as great a blessing- to ))Kn ) hr i^** *
them as it has to me." — Mes. Geo." tl(()wVr->J» Mwfl'fi
J II. Jitxe, 001 DcKalb Ave. .Brook- ( yM\( (1^ S^^jSk^m %
| Relief Gams Promptly /k WviL,,^ "-^^^^^111 '
I been under treatment with tha AM \V i\V^^^^^^^^^ijW t
\. doctors for four years, and seemed VM) ( /j '|(Wi^^^^^^^§|^BSm(t|i]J t
£. I never had anything help me po ij^ffiyffij "^^^mS^ 5SHF M^Sa^S^
6 table Compound. Relief oame almost immediately. I have batter health *
J£ now than I ever had. I feel like a new woman, perfectly strong. I give
li Lydia E. Pinkham's Compound all the credit, and would not do without 5
£ your medicine for anything. I have recommended it to several of my
C friends, i There i3 nq need of women suffering so much, for Mrs. Pink-
ham's remedies are a sure cure/'— Mahal a Butlee, Bridgwater, I1L
¦& No woman is so healthy but at ; this crisis in her life she needs ;
C advice and help from the most competent source. Mrs. Pink- *
g ham will advise such women without charge on request. * i
| v' Experienced Great Benefit . '}
% "Dsae Mrs. Pinkham:— I took Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Com- }
pound during change of life and derived great benefit from its use."— 1
£ MabyB. James, 136 Coydon St., Bradford, Pa. .
I ffirsm Harroki Relieved of Pain |
» «• I na d pains in my head and back and could not stand on my feet with- J
& out causing terrible pains in abdomen. I was short of breath and could not *
Jh sleep. I tried several doctors but none helped me. I read of Lydia E. i
t. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound in a paper and before I had taken half a I
I felt better than I had for months. I have taken several bottles
|^ and am now welL"— Mbs-R. E. Haebold, Clinton, I1L ' ,
| * The medicine that' has cured a million women of serious *
I female ills— an incomparable record^such is 1
| LYDIA E. PINKHAM'S VEGETABLE GOMPOUND \
ADVERTISEMENTS.
iTicPpiBs
Precinct Registration.
I * I S£r a rf t Vot r er. EleCUO!:a> ° Iflc * Ct Reels '
NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN THAT THF
Boards of Precinct Rect«ration for the
rweral election to be held on Tuesdav ufe 6th
<5ay of November. A. D. 1S00. win t ' Jn their
r^rectlve rrecincts for the rerisiratlon of voi-
wUd" c'STe'S %^ iV ' BOt t ** n "entered for
Rsaa eeneral election are herebv Invited to
r ™?V^ Se Jr£i or «*-t«S£n' lmUWl t0
aTVb^S"?^."?*. 1^** 11101 Re*«ratlon will *H
K.t ki-.vc for the purpose of resr's.ti>rtni* *m
le**I and qualified votiS VesffllnTln t^i"r p^e-
2?B«2&J?:3 £ Ot stw^" the t5 £fic£Tf
An^^£,n°U. Ote E" 6iac * J*™«y 1st. 1900.
j/\'a^?, ££? ha " not registered elnce
J:°^ t ', r r^ 1 "? Re *t st ratlon of the precinct
\*~ ir , h * resi(le » TU1 be debarred the privi-
£i^£&oS B SH 8 ££ bff Sffi im - wh ™
*£}i '~!:} 0 FL'*' ho have changed their residence
?H J^fi e 5 nB *** «<J«lred to call at the of-
T*mv£r -*.l Re /*5! tr * r of v <*«™ between Sep-
vrt ™i t . h J';?' 1 °«<>b*r Uth, 1900. inclusive.
ntUW^ 8 UADE ATTE 11 OCTOBER
.J^fT 5 * of ,I*r^:lr.ct Rerfstr&llon cannot make
l^t- ers <?„ 'lectors from one precinct to
STn .; r Vv A" Cesirtng transfer MUST
vJ« «• ofS« of the Registrar of Voters on
cr J* for * October Uth. 1300.
The fcMo'wlrK places have be*n secured for
tratlon** ° f the Boan3s of Precinct Regis-
TWETCTT-EIGHTH ASSEMBLY DISTRICT.
=• .?i f ols °ra St. 1 9. CS5 Mission St.
J. S3« Steuart 6t. 19. £C2 Mission St.
8. 4f>3 Harrison St. 11. €65 Mimlon St.
«' JH £? lso:n St. 12. 437 Third St.
R. ?6« First St. 13. S2 Hunt St.
«. f.P3 Ho'w-ard St. 14. CG5 Howard St.
7. 163 Second St. 15. 241 Third St.
«. 1^1 Second St. 16. 423 Third St.
TWENTT-NINTH ASSEMBLY DISTRICT.
1. S2S Jessie St, |10. 7^ Folsom St.
5. 25 Fourth Pt. 11. 773 Folsom St.
2. 24S Jessie St. !l2. £03 Folsom St.
J. 114 Fourth Ft. 13. 41S Fourth St.
6. XCS Fourth St. U. 306 Third Et.
«. 252 Natcma St. ;15. 107 Fourth SL
7. 213 M'.r.r.a St. :!5. 4H Third St.
t. SOSH Telama St. ;1T. 433 Fourth St.
». t-04 Fo'.s-m St. '
THIRTIETH ASSEMBLY DISTRICT.
1. Z'S{ Sixth Pt. g. 1031 Howard St.
2. tT* Jess!* ?f. 9. us sisth St.
I. 3OC3 Misflnn St. 13. 3M Sixth St.
4. «7 Mission St. 1L S27 F1xth St.
«. 1M& Howard St. 12. 4'.1 Plxth Pt.
«. 445 Vir.M St. 13. B21 Karris™ St.
7. fS3 Howard St. J4. 4CSH Sixth St.
TinRTY-FIRST ASSEMBLY DISTRICT.
1. ecu Stevenson St. | 9. 1T33 Howard St.
2. 124S Mission St. 10. 6'6 Clementina St.
5. K4» Mission St. 11. 1103 Howard St.
4. !C4 Elchth St. 11 4S9 Elrhth St.
f>. 3146 Howard St. 13. IISS^ Folsnia St.
6. 1?T T»enth St. 14. 43 Ninth Ft.
7. K1S Howard St. IS. 414 >Mnth St.
t BM Ninth St. IG. 1407 Folsom St.
THIRTY-SECOND APSEMT5LY DISTRICT.
1. CC7 Serond St. I 8. S.%3 Brj-ant St.
2. Ml Third St. 9. Til A lirannan Pt.
5. 110 Berry 6t. 10. r/«6A Xlnth St.
4. H4S Third Pt. 1L tin Marmora St..
5. fSt Fourth St. comer Bryant PC
«. K8 Fourth St. ]!. mi Twentieth. St.
7. SS4 Sixth St. 13. 1130 Kentuckv St.
THIRTY-THIRD ASSEMBLY DISTRICT.
1. 3«il Twentieth St. 8. Twenty-fourth and
2. ZSSS Folsom St. Pctrero Ave.
3. S14J Twenty-lourth 9. N'W. cor. Twer.ty-
St. fifth end Saa
. *. SOtfi Twenty-sixth Bruno Ave.
St. 10. 1503 Twentieth St.
8. Z3:« Twenty-fourth j U. 807 Twenty-second
SL Et.
6. J0J4 Twenty-third 32. S22 Michigan Et.
Ft. 1 13. €"4 Railroad Ave.
7. 1305 Bryant St. 1 14. 120K JtaJlrcad Ave.
113. 1411 Tla.l!road Ave.
THIRTY-FOURTH ASSEMBLY DISTRICT.
1. 1C2U Folsoia St. \ 12. T.3S Valencia St.
:. 134 Eleventh St. 13. 2124 Mission fct.
Z. :r.T7 Market St. 14. 2S37 Sixtefnth St.
4. 123 V«Uenci«. St. 1 15. 2S14 Sixteenth St.
8. IMS Mlacion St. 16. ZZ'A Folsom St.
6. 1741 Mission St. 17. 2"4; Mission &t.
7. 1608 Folsom fct. IS. f25 Valencia St.
f. 1W.5 Howard St. 119. US Valencia St.
9. 1*4S Howard St. \20. K>4 Valencia St.
]«. 3093 Sixteenth St. (21. 2301 Xineteenth St.
:i. WS Elxteer.Ui St. I
THIRTY-FIFTH ASSEMBLY DISTRICT.
1. 27S7 Twenty-fourth j 7. C204 Twenty-fourth
St. st.
2. ZV9 Twentr-thlnS ' t. 3413 Valencia St.
St. . 9. 3316 Mission St.
5. ISM Valencia St. 1 10. 421 Pr^tta Ave.
4. t?t2 Twenty-second* 11. 31S5 Mission St.
St. i 12. 32*1 Miration St.
B. J145 Valencia St. j 13. 3KZZ Minion St.
C. Z7ZS MiKElon St. I 14. 4443 Mission St.
THIRTY-SIXTH ASSEMBLY DISTRICT.
1. 4206 Seventeenth Et. 113. 1310*, Castro St.
2 2TCi Xoe St. 14. Kii Castro St.
3. SIS Church St. 1j. 113 Twc-nty-eig-htli
4. J439 Sixteenth St. St.
E. Z''2 Dolores St- 16. XE. cor. Sanchea
6. <?3 Sanchez SL and Day Sts.
7. D24 Castro St. II". 43MTwenty-fir6t St
*. HI Castro St. | IS. Cor. Tenth Ave.
9. S40 B&nciez Et. and K St.
10. 3«OT Eighteenth Ft. ; 19. 19 Thirtieth St.
11. 3<4S Twenty- fourth 2T>. i; and 14 French St.
£t. in. SE. cor. Han Jose
:2. Twenty -third and and Ocean Road.
Douglass Sts. I 22. 0 Plymouth Ave.
THIP.TY-FEVTNTH ASSEMBLT DISTRICT.
1. V-") Hajw St. ;i;. BIS Buchanan St.
2. 1^2* Market St. 113. fria Webster St.
5. 143 Page St. 14. €27 Haight St.
4. N.E. cor. Octavia j 15. 125 I*evisadero St
nn<l Paife Sta. 1 16. 441 D»visadero St.
F. 475 Hayes St. 'IT. 13D3 Halcht St.
*>. 6'7 Laruna St. jlS. m Scott St.
7. r.'.v Lajrur.a St. ; 19. liO2 Oak Ft.
y m nctavia St. 20. rC9 Oak St.
i. 2ir>3 Market St. 2L H and Ninth Ave..
l r >. us F'.llmore St. Park View HoteU
11. *!0 Fillmore Pt. '
THIP.TY-FIOHTH ASSEMBLY DISTRICT.
1. V<1 Turk Ft. |10. 817 Laruna St
2. C ¦ s McAllister St. 11. Wl Webster St.
5. f;T M'-AHiBt«T St. II. 10?6 Pieree St.
4. rrr Fulton St. 13. 12i3 Ptelner St.
Eb 72? McAllister St. 14. 12^9 Devi-adero St
t, U3S Kllis Ft IS. l«il Turk St.
7. Id Puchanan St 16. 1<«^ Fulton St
f. ll*t Turk St. 17. r«i3 Oolden Gate
*. ll."« Golden Gate Atp.
Ave. I IS. US» Fulton St.
THIRTT-MN-TH ASSEMBLY DISTRICT.
1. l."0 Hayeg pt. 1 11. 7ft2 Polk St.
I. 1^1 I^rkin fct. 12. 7"2 I-irkin St.
3. 44 Grov» St. ;3. 4?1 Jones St.
4. 3C3 Golflcn Gate: 14. fj& Geary St.
Ave. IS, 7%A Geary St
5. £10 Golden Gate j It). y»4 I>ark!n St.
Ave. 17. Ki2 (rFarrell St
€. V* L^avenworth SC3S. 1005 Post St.
T. C37 O'Farrell St. | IS. Iil6 Polk St.
8. E.'* l^erkin St. j 10. l<r.2 California Ft.
1. *.7* McAllister St. a. isa California St
10. C27H Turk St. I
FORTIETH ASSEMBLY DISTRICT.
L 15^-5 Franklin St. III. 1S2S De\-lsadero St.
J. 1S2» Buth St. 13. 2?27 California St.
3. 1427 Octa-via St. 54. 2lft5 Geary St.
4. irs Laeuna Et 115. 2T.3J Sutter St
E. 1KT2 ISush St. ;16. 2S17 Pine St l
€. 2113 Pine St. |17. 14. r * Crntra! Ave.
7. 2OT.7B Fillmore St. ill. r.'S First Ave.
8. 1!^>4 Fillmore St. 119. IC.W. cor. Point
9. 1H9 Buchanan St. and Ninth Aves.
JO. 1C27% FUlmore St. 29. S3M Point Lobo«
JL 1703 Devteadero Et. Ave.
FORTY-FIRST ASSEMBLY DISTRICT.
1. 143SB Jacki>on St. 111. 2900 Octavia St.
t. W2 Hyde St. 112. 3^i01% Webster St
3. lS f !6 Hyde St. I IS. 1S42 Union St.
4. 72* Bay St. 14. 1 Webster Place
6. 1639 Hyde St. IS. 26i*Hi Sacramento
6. l€0« Pacific Ave. St.
7. 1616 Polk St. 16. 2326 WajihlnKton St.
5. 2fC9 Pacific Are. 17. Z'/X) Central Art.
S. 2200 Flllmore Bt. IS. 27M Greenwich St
10. 1S13 Vallejo St. 'IS. 3«7 Sacramento St.
FORTT-SECOXD ASSEMBLY DISTRICT.
1. 131 Turk St. I ?. 1342 Sacramento St.
2. 730 Taylor 8t 10. JlS Bush St
t. 1X7 Taylor 6t 1L J1C2 Clay St
4. 420 Jonee St. 12. ia',3 Pacific St.
K. 210 OTarrell St. i 13. 10C6 Hyde St.
C. 664 Geary St- 1 14. 1327 Pacific St.
7. 610 Po»t Et. 15. 1212 Pacific St.
f. 12^^ Pine St. i
FORTY-THIRD ASSEMBLY DISTRICT.
I. 23 Eddy St. J f. F22 California St.
J. S* Kills St, 9. 405 Dupont Et.
5. 2?2 Geary St 10. 441 Bush Et
4. 137 Union Square 11. 643 Broadway Ft
Ave. 12. ll fl 3 Stockton St
5. 3"2 Stockton fit. 13. 1024 Clay St.
«. E72 Sutter Ft. 14. 1204 Mason Et-
7. 818 Grant Ave. I
FORTY-FOURTH ABSEMBLT DISTRICT.
1. 1S22 Stockton St. ». 714 Filbert St.
5. US Broadway SL 10. fO3 Filbert St.
3. VS» Mason St. 11. 611 MontgromeryAr.
4 1625 Stockton 6t 12. 1629 Mason St.
8. 1C6 Dupont St. .13. 2227 Taylor St.
«. V* Francl*co St 114. I7<*> Leaven worth
1. €30 lx>mbard St Bt.
6. SOI Hay St. -15. WK) Greenwich St.
FORTY-FIFTH ASSEMBLY DISTRICT.
L 26 Trinity St. 7. 233 East St.
2. ZZ2 Bunh fit. 8. 8 Pacific St.
5 123 Loidemiorfr St. 9. 230 Broadway St.
4. 14 and 16 Webb St. 10. V« PacIHc St.
8. 101 MontgnmeryAv. 1L 71S Dav!n St.
«. 107 Jackson St 12. 312 Union Bt.
By order of th» Board of Election Commls-
Bionere. THOS. J. WALSH.
Registrar of Voters.
M£W WESTER HOTEL,
KEARNT AND WASHINGTON STS.— RE-
xnodeled and renovated. KING. WARD &
CO. European plan. Rooms, 63c to $1 60 day;
(5 to $8 week; $8 to $20 month. Free baths; toot
and cold water every room: fire crates In every
room; t leva tor runa all Blent.. |
jVidtincS /
I Pidno<$/
InlsndohfTcu
On exhibition in our spaciotw store.
Best goods, lowest prices. Be sure
and pay us a visit while in the city.
KOHLER & CHASE,
The Eig Music Rouse,
26, 28, 30 O'FARRELL ST.
_^ JJ!^ *
i\ I HP • n flU I I Cor «er Fourth »ad
EMUOYM.jez±£s?
«c. uvercosu Am)
Valises clieclud frMk.SANTA CRUZ. Sept. 14.— The Southern Pa
cific Compatiy. that lost its case in the damage
suit brought by Nicholas Sambuck against the
company for damages sustained in a railroad
collision at Capltola, made a motion this morn
intc in the Superior Court^for a new trial. The
matter was set for October 8.
FRESNO. Sept. H.-A violent attack was
made in the Superior Court room by Thomas
Mulvaney, who had been convicted of burplary
or. Leonard Cunningham, his accomplice, who
had turned State's evidence. Mulvaney after
the Jury brought in a verdict of guilty, at
tempted to brain Cunningham with a heavy
chair. Cunningham escaped and a bailiff dis
armed Mulvaney.
Closing Out Odd I/ots.
Over 300 framed pictures and panels left,
from 25 cents up, to be closed out at one
half the regular price to make room for
new goods. Sanborn, Vail & Co.. 741 Mar
ket street. •
SAN JOSE FAIR RACES.
Entriss for the Pacing and Trotting
• . Events to Begin October 8.
Ppeoial Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSK. Sept. 14.— The entries for
the trotting and pacing races at the
county fair to be heid in this city from
October S to 13 ard now In the hands of
Secretary Main and promise some inter
esting oonlests. There are nine events on
the cards, besides abiut the ea.nic number
Of running races. Nearly $10,ih» In pur.-es
Is hung 'ip by the Agricultural Associa
tion. In the list of horses are some of the
f.aste«=t that have been campaigning on
the circuit this year. The entries for the
pacing and trotting tace3 are:
2:12 class, trotting— Ha2el K!nm>y, Iran Alto,
Prince Oift. Claudlun. Dollle Dillon, Bob In
rersoll. Oslta.
2:li <-la«s. tr->ttlns— Donsollne, Bob Ingersoll,
Opltii. At fa Vela.
2:?2 claff. trrttinR-Dora Doe, General Smith,
liclle I'lit'-hf-n. Mavgrfe MrKInney. Atherine,
n'rhmr-nd Chief. Janice.
!:S0 olaFF. irottlnc— Mnnte Carlo. Ethel H,
I>lle Patchen. Charlie Mac. Pontias, Mary Ij,
Alyamonte. Janice, Sadie.
(Jr»-pn thfe-year-oMs— The Roman, V'endomp.
2:11 clays, flawing— Or>«hen Jim, Oeorgle B,
Eilna, EL Martha fltilw. Klovaclta.
2:21 clapn. pacing— Wapola, Clean. Hermla.
Krcdrick^ljure. Ratstul.
2:1" f!a5?. raflns— Kitz I/e<«, Kinjf Cadenzu,
IrvinKton W<>y. Edna H. !M<-tattess, John "A."
Wlliicm H.-rrld. Wild Nutttn*
Oreen r» r frs — Tasrs. Our n«>y** Sister, Cleon,
Zciack, Fr'dPricWfburp, The Queen.
PRUNE CROP.
Fruit Is of Small Size and the Drying
Is Slow.
SAN JOSE. Sept. 14.— The daily reports
that ccmo into tho office of the Cured
Fruit Association from the various prune
prowlrs sections' of the State are all to
the same effect— that more than a quarter
of the crop will run 100 and over in sizes
and that tne large .sizes are scarce indied.
Owing to the cloudy weather and recent
showers the drying has been slow and
the fruit Is not coming Into the WHre
horsi-s in half the quantities usual at this
time of the year. About 7.000.000 pounds
have been received so far. of which 20 per
cent Is of the Uitro sizes and the great
majority of the balance from 100 -n size
up. Th«re Is still considerable fruit hn
the, trees and larpe Quantities on the
ground. A considerable percentage of the
crop will go to waste owing to lack of
labor for picking.
FRESNO. Sept. 14.— A meeting has been
called here for to-morrow night of the fig
growers to protest agajnst the removal or
the embargo against the Importation of
foreign figs if. as claimed, the Smyrna fig
district is plague-ptriclcen. If not no ob
jection will be made against the removal
of the embargo.
Professor Jordan Arrives at Stanford.
Kpeclal Plfpatch to The Call. •>
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. Sept. 14.—
President David Starr Jordan, accom
panied by Professor J. M. Stillman, ar
rived at the university at 5 o'clock this
evening. No arrangements for the funeral
of his daughter Barbara have yet been
made and it is not likely that anything:
concerning- the services will be decided be
fore to-morrow.
SANTA CRUZ. Sept. 11.— Several accidents
have occurred here In the past few days by
railing live wires. Last night a lad named
Ueoire Prttchner grasped a wire and waa
knocked senreles*. For a time It was thought
he was killed, but he rallied. Several days
aco a horse belne driven by Fred Perer was
struck by a live wire and was brought to the
ground by the thock. Perez had his hands
burned by coming In. contact with the wire.
INTEEESTS THE COAST
FostofEce Chancres and List of Pen-
sions Granted.
P;*<-!8l PiFratrh to The Call.
WASHINGTON. Sept. 14.—Pogtoffice.es
tablished — Dippman, Spokane County,
\\'a. e h.. Nannie O. LMspman Postmistress.
Postofflocs to be discontinued on Sep
t«-mbf-r 2&: California — Ciair. Olive.
Yrrba. mail to Anaheim. Villa Park, mail
to orange. V'r.ehurc mail to Sonoma; all
Fupplied by Rurai Free Delivery.
Posttnatten commisstoRed: California—
\\ liliJin H. V.V)rswi«-K. K.^pcranza.
Or.-por- <;harles J. Spitzbart. Fair
(Jmuniis.
Washington —Alice Sullivan. Spangle;
WHIlan*. 1-. C;i!houn. Camden; Robert
Turk. Uount Plcuaot.
Appointed — Mary Aiin Raaf. neclarna
tj^n. Soni-ma County, vice John Soller
rrsipx.cd.
Pendom i5.-urd: California— Original—
V.'illiam C. Hurdick. Orange. Jfi- John
Conley. St. Jol:n. $8: William Watson.
Bcaumciii. &"¦; i>avid Peeblrs. Eureka $0
Lncreaw — \VUUatn Brown. Veterans"
ljfrnc. Napa. U: Krar.cis M. Griffln. Fan
]*r:ir.c!sco. Jv. Mrxican War survfvor?, in
croise — John Iirss. Monterey. $12; Hiram
A. Wells. BoUUzrm' Home, Los Angelce
J12. W.-ir with Fpain— Original— John I>."
Iir.brns. Los AaJKue*. J12.
OrrfT^r.-OrisJ,::;]— Special September 10
to Charles Harper, i?u-npter. *G. Increase
- WUJlJua Jnckwin. Myrtle Crf-ek. sit).
Mrxican War KUIl'Ifora. Increase— EHsh;i
Swift. Myrtle » Creek, ?12. War -\uh
Fpaln— OrJplnal-Kdgar J. Chamberlln,
Portland. J*.
Washington— Original— Charles M. Mait
l y. Lryndcn. M. Additional— William A
Jay. Cor.eonu'ily. JS.
Tbf * Ivil £rrvice Commission announces
sn cxan;in.Ttion ()<-tol>f-r 2" and 24 for act
inR &h*<-i*Lant hurp-nn in the marine hos
j'ita! pervioa at Juwau, Alaska.
3ig E'jg-ar Factory to Beg^n Work.
!-ALl.\AS, S<>pt. 14.— The Spreck«>ls su
pnr factory, the larppst in the world, will
soon <orr.mor.co a 9>i-day, twonty-four
hours a day, run. Twenty carloads of
beetB, tht- fir^t of the season, were re
ceived at th* fa<-«nrv to-day. One bat
'.< ry at l>oil«-rs wsp flr«r<l up yesterday and
• vcrytliirp w;i? f'-und io work well. The
v.ork of slicing hefts will bepin the latter
part of next week.
Tracey Gets a Decision.
Portland; or.. ,«?jn. n.~Tom Tracer
rf Pan Francfso f>-nisht rfcoived th«» de
cision over Bob Tlicmpson < colored i of
¦l»s Ar.(:<->s at sh» ond-cf the sixteenth
tcurA. In the sixteenth rosmd Thomnson
¦was k;:orke<J down t-.lx tiints and his sec
ond* threw up the pponp<*. In the pre
liminary bout Frank H.nderson of San
Francisco knocked out Fred Ross of Den
ver in the recond round.
Watsonvill* Burglar Is Arraigned.
FlK-fiai lii»:-at<h to The Call.
SANTA «'R1*Z, Sept. 14.— Joe Mendoza
was up before the Superior Court this
rnrirn!»:c and Information was filed charp
in^r i:im with burjrlarj* committed at Wat-
Bocville «'n July 17. Mcndoza has servcri
a term at San Qu^nlin and has been an
irmnt*- of th<- county jail times lnauracr
nVilp for manv offenses.
Vocalists.
Trying Out of the Forty-Six Candi
dates for Positions on the
Varsity Association of
Special Dlepatch to The Call
BACHELORS OF ARTS.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Sept. 14.—
Forty-six candidates for places on the
Varsity Glee Club were tried out last
night by J. J. Morris, the director. The
following are the successful men:
First tenors — J. G. Brown, H. Gay, C
Baker, L. C. Hawley, F. H. Brown, A. G.
Walker. F. C. Wangle.
Second tenors— II. P. Scoville, C. W.
Baker. V. Caglieri. G. Dryer, George
Clark, A. Perrine.
First bass— C. E. Gllman, F. Corbusier,
F. Whittaker, C. Richards, W. E. Sher
wood, H. Morrison.
Second bass— W. "W. Parkin, H. Hem
mons. C. L. Firebaugh. R.- W. Thompson,
B. J. Jensen, P. K. Gilman (leader).
The faculty council granted the follow
ing degrees this afternoon: «
• In education— Miss M. E. Skillings, O
F . Smith.
In history— W. M. Boston, Miss J. M
Mullins, J. C. Raymond.
In law— P. B. Iiraden, J. T. Nourse
In mathematics— L.. C. Walker.
In .systematic botany— Mies Sarah G
Cotton.
In physiology-Miss M. P. Broughton.
In civil engineering— R. D. Meyer.
WILL GRAVES QtTITP
Rumor in Los Angeles That He Will
Abandon Haca for Congress.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES. Sept. 14.— Democratic
voters In this vicinity are worried at
present and William Graves of San Luis
Obispo, their candidate for Congress, Is
responsible for the scare which is on
among the rank and file of the party In
this end of the Sixth Congressional Dis
trict, ihe rumor is abroad that Graves
is not to come to Los Angeles In a hurry,
for the reason that he has decided not to
take seriously the honor thrust upon him
?h G t wce K . aBO at San Jose - Tne stor y
that Is being told is to the effect that
Graves has decided to withdraw from the
contest and that the vacancy created Is
to b,e filled. Graves was to have been the
star orator at the opening of the silver
Republican headquarters last night. He
failed to materialize and at the last mo
ment a telegram reached here that he
was ill and could not appear.
Chairman Sims of the Democratic State
Central Committee is duo here in about a
week. The object of his trip will be to
look over the political situation in this
end of the 'State.
STANFORD GLEE CLUB ,
SELECTS THE SINGERS
Special Dispatch to The Call.
STOCKTON, Sept. 14. — The Mahony
| mj siery bailies thu local officers. They
, have nut even the usual "new clew."
! They do not know which way to start to
* unravel the QUektiOn of how and when
the younK San Francis-can came to hirf
titath.
The "woman in the case" theory evap
oraietf when a live James Mahony called
at :he Tracy postoffice aryi got the letter
which the officers thought was written to
the deceased.
The Idea that he was thrown from a
horse has« been abandoned, for not a stray
horse or any one who has seen one can
l>e found in the section.
It has been pretty well established, how
ever, that the body was placed on the
roadway between 5 and 7 a. m. Monday.
But one train passes over the line dur
ing that time and the trainmen declare no
one resembling Mahony got out with
them.
That Mahony was murdered is a reason
able conclusion^ but .ic was not seen in
Tracy with any one; In fact, not seen at
all for a certainty, ?o there is no start
ing point. What the Officer* are looking
for now is a motive, but thev freely con
fess that thpy are against a stone wall.
The most important intimation made to
day was by the District Attorney when he
declared that there should have been a
complete autopsy of the body in order to
try and establish from what direction the
wounds wt-re received ind for the possible
discovery of some which were overlook* d.
The idea that robbery actuated the mur
der Is not received with favor, as Mahony
was traveling in clothing suggestive of
anything: but financial standing. The
reasonable conclusion ;? that there is
some mystery back of his takirj? off and
the Impression Is growing 1 that it will
never he solved. Some think he may havo
been murdered by tr»rr:r>s. but even a
thug would have some object for assault.
Hf was not quarrelsome or a habitual
drinker, so it is unlikely that he stirred
up any enmities if he fell in with a
crowd.
The District Attorney said this morninjr:
It Is the rtrangpft case I ever encountered.
That it is a cas-e of murder I am satisfied, but
the officer* flre unable to find the sllKhtost
clew leading to the i>erpetrator. The country
furroundtr.K the scene of in* man's death Is
Meak, desolate ar.d open. I have been told
tliat there were Indications on the man's body
•¦howlnsr that he had received his injuries from
thp front. as= hi* shr»u!der-b!ar!e was crushed
in. There was no autopsy hfld. however. I
think ha<1 one been held It might have thrown
*i-me llcht on the manner of death, whether
from a.'sault <t from accident. In falling from
a train Injuries on that part of the body would
not be probable, thouirh It might have occurred
tmm the chin belnir forced down upon the bone
mentioned. I mu?t admit we are at eea and
have bf yet been unable to advance any theory
which satisfactorily covers the strange case. "
The District Attorney said this evening
that the cart tracks approaching the body
had been accounted for. which is the prin
cipal development of the day. By some
officers It Is claimed that the case has
been unfortunate in being badly handled
at the outset. It was taken for granted
at Tracy that it was an accident and the
Coroner was notified and the body re
moved to this city without due Investiga
tion at the spot. Owing to the accident
Idea no autopsy was held, which should
have been the cas»e. to determine the na
ture and extent of the Injuries.
While Sheriff Siblev Ip working ener
getically on the case it Is understood that '.
he has not abandoned the idea that the
wounds were the result of an accident, j
but the belt and co!!:;r found near the
body remain to be accounted for. Sheriff!
Slbley has transferrel his Investigations |
to San F*rancisco. No'hing is known here
of the results of his first day's work
there.
zling Him.
Problems That Are Puz-
Still Adheres to the Accident Theory,
but Is Trying to Solve the
SHERIfTF SIBLEYIN 1HIS CITY
District Attorney of San
Joaquin Says It Is a
Very Strange Case.
NO NEW CLUE
IN THE MURDER
OF MAHONY
SLAYS THE MAN
WHO DESPOILED
HIS HAPPY HOME
Fiddler.
San Luis Obispo Carpenter
snoots a Wandering
Special Dispatch u> The Call.
SAX U IS OBISPO. fcept. 14.-Smarting
ur.uer the wrong don.- him iind stirred to
Irer.zy by th* 1 ruination of his home,
peace and happiness, Simon Jlorello to
i.igiu avenged blmtelf by slaying Sar.toj
Uorend. th<- rr.a:; who hail alienated Lbe
uSectioiis of Morello'd wife.
It ua> three weeks ago that the tiddler,
iiar.ti :? Mort-no. came io San Luis Obi?pj
[rojo Centura and teirpted Mrs. Moreliu
to cast her fortur.es .inh hi* in unhal
ioweil aJliance. llor«-llf>. who in an imius
ixivcd vei,£t-anec on the <1e«Troy^r of his
home, peace tmd happw.egp. Fiddler Mo
tino and Mrs. Moreiio made their home in
¦n «ul^b«? building on Monterey street in
defiance <<i all i >n\ .r.iu>i;aiity. i"o-niplit
Morello armed himself with a 44-caliber
rifle and fci out to bant Moreno. As he
• BtXX9 nvar the adub. 1 huu^e, about S
o'clock, he saw Moreno walking along the
ftrei-i with two ir.en. Mireilo e«_iied on
the tvo m»-n to t^ar.<l aside. There was
\h> glint ot muitI«T In his eye and bla
voice had in It the sound of deadly men
ao«. The startled m»-n cpi ang to one side.
U fcVteg Moreno rooted with fear in the
middle of the street. Morello raided hi3
rifle and iirc-d two shots. One bullrt
missed its- mark. The other entered Mo
r> :,<is bodjr just und-:-r the heart. With a
try he Btagfteied down the street toward
the adol* vhrre he »rd the recreant
gpouse of bla unllant had their abode.
When he had gone a distance of 150 yards
lie f"ll and there- he wa* found moaning
liy the crowd tl-at had been attracted by
the Hiund of the Iir«riB. In half an hour
he died.
Morello surrendered lim?elf to the cus
tody of Sherift Ivans «.nd is in the Coun
ty Jail. "When interviewed he was cool.
He *aid that he was in n rage at the time
he went punning; for Moreno, who, he
s^d, had been lalkir.ir ..bout him.
The Coroner will hold an Inquest to
morrow.
Morello is a hard-wot kinp man and has
a lsrse family. Moren-i is known in Ba
kerpneld and ir- ;; tidJier, who plays at
rustic entertainments.
SELF-DEFENSE SIS CLAIM
Evidence Adduced at the Trial of
Frt.nk llatthai at Napa.
F;w!al I>is=p*.tcb to Tho OalL
NAPA; Sept. ll.-Thc Matthai murder
trial bai I* en continued until r.oxt
CCcdsesday at 1>) o'clock. The prosecution
has rt-Ptod it? cafe and several witnesses
for tbc defense, were examined thl.« af;er-
Doon. Witnesses for tho defendant te.<ti
!';•<! to his pood character. The evidence
for the p~os«_ci:t2on rev«-al«l the fact that
Mr.vthni had t.»?<l I'nder Sheriff Daly and
lifyiuty Gibbs that he shot Stanley in self
deft- ns<\
Surv-yors Uuckrr.rm and Van dcr Naillen
testified that the mine was located on the
fctanley place. The defense will have a
surveyor look over the eruund with
County Surveyor Graham so as to give
testimony for the defense next week.
Convict McNeil of Manslaughter.
ei ij?i rv. *-< pi. i*. — i ne jury in me case
of J. W. McNeil, cbarged with the mur
der of his nephew. J. W. McNeil, in
Benida lart July, returned a verdict this
r\r-nir.R finding defendant guiltv of xnan-
BlAUcttter.
His Wrath.
Effect on the Object of
Hunts the Alienator of His Wife's
Affections and Fires With Fatal
SIMON MORELLO'S VENGEANCE
WILL REARRANGE
MANAGEMENT OF
CHURCH AFFAIRS
Bistiop Hamilton's Plans to
Be Submitted to the
M.E. Conference.
TO DIVIDE THE BIG DISTRICTS
Growth.
in View of Church
This Is Deemed Necessary in Order
to Better Facilitate the Work
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PACIFIC GROVE, Sept. ll-Thia ses
sion of the California Methodist Episcopal
Conference promises to result in a gen
eral rearrangement of Methodist affairs
In California, according to the belief of.
those among its members who are said to
be closest to the Bishop. It is stated that
when Bishop Hamilton took control of the
diocese he was impressed with its un
wieldy size, considered In the light of
present methods of management, and haj
since been planning a way to rearrange
the work so as to meet the requirements
of, the rapidly increasing population. Be
ing keenly alive to the prosperity of Cali
fornia the new Bishop has unlimited faith
in the State's possibilities, and being else*
an enthusiastic churchman he does not
wish Methodism to be left behind in thi
general progress. One problem he has al
ready met and solved by the organization
of the Pacific Japanese Mission out of tho
old Japanese district of this conference,
virtually a conference of itself though a$
yet to be under the jurisdiction of the
California Conference. It is said that
other similar problems are to be solved
by the creation of two new districts,
probably a division of the Napa, Oakland
or Sacramento districts, each of which is
over large for the supervision of one man.
This, of course, will, if done, necessitate
two more presiding elders, but the ses
sion is yet so young that there Is littie
I gossip rife upon the subject of possibi!
; ities for the appointments. The ministers
are greatly amused over the stories tr.at
have been circulated regarding the resig
nation of Drs. Case and Kirby, presiding
elders respectively of the San Francisco
and Oakland districts. As for Dr. Klrby
he" has not resigned, but his time has ex
pired—the time limit being still in force
as regards presiding elders— and he must
of necessity give up his present ottlce.
There is no question but that Dr. case
will be reappolnted to the San Francisco
district for another year.
To-day's, work of the conference was
begun at 9 a. m., Bishop Hamilton pre
siding, and the first important business
after reading the minutes was reading a
communication from the treasurer of the
episcopal fund of the Methodist Episcopal
church, announcing that this conference
has fallen short in its last year's ap
portionment about $300: On motion of Dr.
Beard it was decided to instruct the pre
siding elders to enforce collection of
money for the episcopal fund as a pro
rata claim upon pastors.
Dr. E. S. Chapman of Oakland was then
Introduced to the conference and -ad
dressed the body upon the work of the
Anti-Saloon League of California, making
a vigorous and impassioned appeal to the j
members of the conference to carry the i
matter forward to a successful issue at I
the coming elections, and as a means of*
doing this suggested that they work for |
the election of non-liquor Supervisors in !
their respective counties. Dr. Dearborn i
of Colorado was also presented to thu ¦
conference, but made no remarks.
The body then went into executive ses
sion to examine candidates for admission •
to conference and candidates for deacon's
and elder's orders.
METHODIST LAYMEN MEET.
Election of Officers and Reading of
Interesting Papers.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PACIFIC GROVE, Sept. 14.— The thlr
teenth annual convention of the Laymen's
Association of the California Conference
met here to-day with probably the largest
number of delegates present ever known
in the history of the organization. The
body was called to order by President C.
C. Lombard of Oakland at 9:30 a. m. anil
the morning session was occupied chiefly
with the business of the organization, th?
president's annual address and the elec
tion of officers for the ensuing year. The
latter are:
President — I. J. Truman of San Francisco.
First vice president— W. F. Cronemlller of
Sacramento.
Second vice president— Miss Mary Dickson of
San Jbse.
Third vice president — Miss M. A. Thompson
of Oakland.
R«cor<1li)K secretary— Professor , Rockwell V.
Hunt, University of the Pacific.
Corresponding secretary — ¦£».' L. I>ennett of
Modesto. • .
Treasurer — F. L. Turoln of San Francisco. .
The new officers assumed their respect
ive duties at the afternoon session and
an interesting programme was presented
Notable among the addresses was that of
Bishop Hamilton. his subject being
"Equal Representation Involves Equal
Responsibility."
Rolla V. Watt of San Francisco pre
sented a paper on the Methodist publish
ing interests of the Pacific Coast, which
was of especial interest and importance I
in the present state of the Book Concern ]
affairs. Mr. Watt is chairman of the i
commission created at the recent General |
Conference to take charge of the publish
ing Interests of the church on the Pacific
Coast.
To-night's session was notable for three
addresses, "Methodism In the Twentieth
Century," by T. B. Hutchinson of Napa:
"Our Superannuates." by .Rev. George
Clifford of Watsonville, and "Measures
and Margins of the Twentieth Century |
Movement." by Dr. S. D. Hutsinpiller of ,
San Francisco. At the close of the latter !
address the body adjourned for the pres- I
ent year. '. |
Special Dispatch to The Call
STOCKTON, Sept. 14.— "Wanted—
Three patriotic and ambitious Demo
crats willing to carry the party col
ors in the legislative fight in San
Joaquin County."
If a sign reading thus was tacked on the
outside of the County Democratic Central
Committee rooms here it would appro
priately express the needs of the local
Democracy at this juncture of the cam
paign. Ever since the late convention
shelved I-angford, "the father of the Sen
ate," ill-luck has followed the legislative
ticket.
In the first place Joseph Peters regular
ly received the nomination for Asembly
man from the city district, but a few
minutes later the convention rescinded its
action and selected W. E. Johnson. A
day aftor the convention adjourned John
son declined the honor, creating a va
cancy for the committee to fill.
Fred Kincald had been nominated for
Assemblyman from the outside district,
but he pays he is too busy to consider
i politics, and intimates that because he
, was once a Populist that is no sign that
he is a Democrat now.
The final dash of cold water came to
day when II. E. Welch of Lodl, "the com
ing tall sycamore of the Senate," sent his
regrets to the committee and, for "busi
ness reasons," declined to try and suc
ceed Benjamin Langford.
So when the committee meets to-mor
row it will have to resolve itself into a
convention. There has been a scurrying
and a hurrying all day to try and find
self-sacrificing Democrats willing to ac
cept the second-hand honors, but the
dearth of candidates was the principal
discovery made by the searching party.
The committee meeting to-morrow prom
ises to be a warm one, as two factions
propose to lay to over the secretaryship.
The cry of the best element is "Throw
'the bosses out," and It looks as though
there would be a throwing match.
MUDDLE IN . ARIZONA.
Democrats Break a Deadlock by Hold-
ing Two Conventions.
Special Plsratch to The Call.
PHOENIX. Ariz.. Sept. 14.— The two fac
tions At the Democratic party to-day each
nominated a candidate for delegate to
Congress and each adopted a platftrm.
Each will file its candidate's name with
the Secretary of State, and the faction
that is rejected by him will appeal to the
court?.
That is the way in which the deadlock
that has existed for three days in the Ter
ritorial Democratic Convention was
broken this afternoon.
It became apparent to the supporters of
both J F. Wilson, present delegate, and
Marcus A. Smith, a former delegate, that
neither could be elected, if nominated, on
account of dissatisfaction. Both deter
mined a third 1. an should not be chosen,
and fo waged the war to a linsh. Since
the first attempt at organization and the
interference of the Sheriff the convention
has been controlled by two temporary
chairmanuone representing each faction
and acting bitterly, but seeking common
ground. By final agreement both factions
meeting In the same building made their
temporary organizations permanent and
each selected 'ts candidate. Two Central
committees were chosen and two plat
forms adopted. Both tickets will be tiled
with Territorial Secretary Akers as the
regular nominee, to be placed on official
ballot. One will be rejected and the other
faction will then carry the matter into
court for final decision.
The feeling has been intense and it was
seen by the managers that no progress
could be made by further deliberation. I
It is charged that bribery was attempted
in the convention, as well as in the Mari
copa County Convention, and these state
ments may be aired if the matter reaches
the courts.
PABTIAL FUSION IN IDAHO.
Democrats and Populists Agree on
Three Moot Points.
BOISE, Idaho, Sept. 14.— The Democrats
and Populists have effected a partial fu-
Eion. To-day the Democratic committee
filed its ticket. It also filed resignations
of the candidates for Congress, Auditor
and Mine Inspector, and the nominations
of the Populist candidates for those places
to Jill the vacancies. These are three
places offered the Populists at the time
of the State convention. The Secretary of
Stat* filed the ticket and took the- resig
nations and nominations under advise
ment for twenty- four hours. .
The three Populists put on are T..L.
Glenn of Bear Lake County for Congress,
E. VV. Jonee of Boise County for Auditor
and M. H. Jacobs for Mine Inspector. It
is admitted that three of the Populist can
didates have refused to withdraw. They
are C. M. Mullen for Presidential elector.
M. i._ Eby for Secretary of State and
Texas Angel for Supreme Judge. The
Democrats claim all the other Populists
have resigned, but no Populist papers
have yet been offered for filing.
All Resigned.
Their Nominees Have
San Joaquin County Partisans , Are
in a Peck of Trouble Because
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 15, 1900,
8
WANTED-DEMOCRATS
TO RUN FOR OFFICE
BEER BLOWS UP THREE
JOLLY FELLOWS OF MARIN
Frothy Steam Bursts Its Stout Bands, Wounding
the Men, 'Wrecking Their '"Outfit and
Causing a Horse's Death,
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN RAFAEL, Sept. 14.—
KILLED.
One horse.
INJURED.
Thomas Grant, broken arm.
diaries Evans, shoulder sprained and badly bruis?d.
Artemus Roberts, severe 'scalp wound.
One spring wagon, severe lacerations.
CA.USE.
Bursting of a ten-gallon keg of steam beer.
That is the summary of what happened to a party of Marin clambakors
on the way for a day's outing. Grant and Evans and Roberts had planned a
convivial little stag party to be held by the shores that fringe the "boundlnj?
deep near, where Point Reyes boklly thrusts its rugged crest into the blue
Pacific. The mien procured n spriner wagon and a team of hordes. They
loaded the vehicle to the puards with rations, dry and moist. Carefully
bolstered up In the center of the wagon was a ten-gallon keg of plain steam
beer, packed around which were the tear.!?, bacon, flour and other acces
sories of a well-appointed commissary department. There was not enough
rocjm on the front seat for the three, and so CharleR Evans enthroned him
s=clf, like King Gambrinus, upon the head of the big barrel, with all the
consciousness of a man who is "holding down a good thing." So they start
ed, and the three men indulged in discussing the splendid time they would
have. They recked not of the storm that was fomenting in the barrel.
They were within a mile of the clambake site. The waters of the sea,
blue as the sky above, flashed in the sunlight. Evans, Joyous to the heart's
core, began to trill that famous old d rinking song:
"Here's the gr>?A old beer,
"Drink her dawn!"
"Drink her down!
As his voice rose in a jubilant note at the end of the third line some
thing happened. There was a roar as of a thirteen-inch gun. Evans rose
high in the air as if shot from a catapult, propelled apparently by a great
white, creamy, frothing, cooling fountain of beer, on the crest of which he
appeared to ride with uncomfortable dignity. The steam beer had got Into
action. It burst its steel-hooped sides and the fragments of staves were hurled
about as shrapnel. The bung, like a shot from a pompon, struck Roberts on
the head and knocked him off the wagon seat. A shower of fragmentary
staves struck Grant, but he retained his seat. The brightened horses bolted
and at a turn in the road the animals fell and the vehicle upset. Grant's
arm was broken in the fall. One of the horses had broken one of its legs
and had to be shot. And there amid the ruins of their outfit and their
provender, with broken limbs and bruised bodies sat the trio and mourned.
It was some time after the accident before the men received medical aid.
Time will heal their cuts and knit their bones, but, as Mr. Evans remarked,
"It will be a long time before I can see in a barrel of beer anything but a
powder-mill in disguise."
It is believed that the explosion was caused by the continued shaking of
the barrel while being driven over the rough road.
I ...OLD RELIABLE. ... J
g With Offices in Poithnd, Or., San Pracoirco. Oal., Seattle. Wash. g
w ANY WORK DONE BY US THAT DOES NOT PROVB SATISFACTORY WILL b
g BE ATTENDED TO FREE OF CHARGE AT OUR NEAREST 0FFI3E. '|
§ FULL SET OF TEETH; $5.00. I
§ Gold Crown. ...... .$5 00 fffl PlATtS ''BS^U'- ' I
§ G Id Filling $1.00 Q|] lf}E D N^^^ I
| ; Bridgework,;. ....:-. $5.00
I Teeth Extracted Absolutely Without Pain. |
g O r S na^ U aio^ S
Q will be a : jruarantee that your work will be of the best. We have a specialist in «rh Q
« ?h£ ar t tn Jr ent ' ?^t operators, best gold workmen and extract,™ f o^f teTh; in fict aU »
I Ne/vy York Dental Parlors, 1
§ 723 MARKET STREET, San Francisco, Cal. I
8 BRANCH OFFICES!" •••••• : — • -Portland, or 8
S } ••••- .. .................SEATTLE, WASH, g
MANHOOD RESTOBED "?£7°I!!££u.
\ italizer. the prescription of a
. ...,,. famous French physician, win
C^i^HSla^WiJf quickly euro you of all ner-
j m&£££ r •**»5i3[ vous or diseases of the (tenera-
fR&'iJp^iSfiS tlv ' : organ*. F "ch an Lo3t Man-
C>2*9^» hood. Insomnia. I'ains In thr
" Si?" ¦** ffftf Back. Nervous Debility. Plm-
i!sk «in£3? P le '. Exhausting Drains. Vart-
vjyv cocele and constipation. It
V.^_J©** etors all losses bv day or
night. Cupldene cleanses th»
liver, the kidneys and tho urinary organs of all
Impurities. Cup'.dene strenethens and restores
small weak organs.
The reason sufferers are not cured by Doctors
Is because 90 i'«r cent are troubled with Pros-
j tratltis. Cupldene the only known remedy to
cure without an operation. 5000 testimonials.
A written guarantee Riven and money re-
, turned If 6» boxes do net effect a Dermanent
I cure. $1.00 a box, 6 boxes for Jo. 00. by mall.
Serid for free circular and testimonials.
' Address Davol Medicine Co.. 4^ Ellis St.. San
Francisco. CaU. Grant Drug Co.. S3 & 40 Thlr.1 st.
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIANA BITTERS. THE
great Mexican remedy; elves health and
strength to sexual organs. Depot. 323 Market.
BAILROAD TBAVEL.
CALIFORNIA N3RTBWEST£RN RY. COt
LESSEE!
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIHC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tiburon Ferry. Foot of Market St.
SAN FRAIn'CIjJCO TO SAN RAFAEI*
WEEK DAYS— 7:30. 9:00. 11:00 a. m.: 12:33.
J:30. 5:10. 8:30 p. m. Thursdays — Extra trip
j at 11:30 o. m. Saturdays— Extra, trtjs at 1:54
; and 11:30 d. m. rj
I 6UNDAY8-8:0O, 8:20, 11:00 a. m.f 1:30. »:30.
6:00. G:20 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:10. 7:50. 9:20. 11:10 a. m. : 12:43.
8:40. S:1S p. m. Saturdays — Extra trips at
1:55 and 6:35 p. m.
BUNDAYS-8:10, 9M0. 11:10 a. m.; 1:». 1:40.
5:00. C:2S p. m.
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park
um< schedule as above).
Leave I In Effect. I Arrive
Ban Francisco. [Apr. IS, 1900.] San Francisco.
Week I Sun- I I Sun- I Wee*'
I Days. I days. | Destination.] days. | Days.
T:30 ami 8:00 am Nova to. 10:40 ami 8:40 am
1:30 pa 9:30 am Petaluma. 6:05 pmllO:ZS am
1:13 pm| 5:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm| 6:20 pm
Fulton.
T £0 am "Windsor. - - - - 10:25 am
Healdsburg-.
Lytton.
GeyBervllle.
1:30 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:35 pm 6:20 pm
T:80 ami ] Kopland I 110:25 am
1:30 pm| 8:00 am| and Uklah. | 7:85 prn| 6:20 pm
T:SO am 10:23 am
8:00 am Guerneville. 7:33 pm
1:30 pm 6:20 pra
T;30 am 8:00 am Sonoma 9:15 am S :40 am
and
6:10 pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. 6:05 pm 6:20 pm
T:30 amj 8:00 ami 110:40 am!10:23 am
J:30 pm| 5:C0 pml Fpbaetcpol. | 7:35 pm| 6:20 pm
Stajces connect at Santa Rosa for Mark Went
Springs and White Sulphur Springs: at Fulton
for Altrurla: at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at
Geyserville for Skaggs Sprirxs: at Cloverdala
for the Oeysers: at Hopland for Duncan
Sprint. Highland Sprlnjrs. Kelseyville. Carls-
bad Sprinss. Pmla Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Uklah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga
Sprlnps. Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell I,nke. Witter
Springs. Upper Lake. Porno. Potter Valley.
John Day's, Riverside, Llerley*s. Bu'-Jcnell's.
Banhedrin Heights, HullvlU(». Orr's Hot
Eprlnes. Mer.doclno City. Fort Bracr. West-
port. Usal.. WilllU. LaytonviUe. Cummins.
Bell's bprings. Harris. Olsen's. Dyer. Scotia
and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round trio tickets at
reduced rates.
On Bundiy round trip tickets to all points
fceyor.ri San Rafael at half rates.
6 : 0 Market st R ?°^ N bw *
Oweral Manaser. Gen. Pass. Aeant.
NORTH^IFIG COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausallto Ferry.
• Cummencins April 22, 13rtO
FROM, SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
7:00.' J»8:30. 9:30. ' 11:00 a. m.;
gEXTRA.lTR«?S^ForiMUli"anS P and San
Rafael, on Mondays. Wednesdays. Saturdays
and Sundays, at 9:00 and 11:35 p m
SUNDAYS— 7:00. •S:!*). »9 : oo. •li):Oo"llCO 11-30
a. m.; 12:45. *l:30. 2:30. »3:45. 5:00. 6:00" 7 : 20
p. m.
11:00 a. m. does not run to San Rafael Sun-
days.
Trains marked <•) run to San Quentin
FROM SAN RAFARL TO SAN FRANCISCO
WEEK DAYP-5:35. '6:30, 7:50. 8:40. '10 S Pa!
m.; 12:30, 1:15. 2:15. «3:30. 4:30. 5:20 p m
E , X J nA^ TU1I>S .«.""- Mon*»y». W-ednesdays
and Saturdays at *C:4.> anil 10:20 r> m
SUNDAYS— 6:13. •S-.OO. *9:S0. «I1 :fK» a m • »120O
m.; 1:00. 2:13 *Z:30, 4:30. *5:to. 6:15 7-30 io'-'O
P. rn.
Traiiw marked (•) start from San Quentin
FROM MILL, VALLEY TO SAN FHANCISCO
WEEK DAYS-5:53, 6:45. 8:no. 8.-» 10-30 a
m.: 12:30. 1:45. 2:13. 3:30, 4:50. 5:20 p m
X J^ TRI1>S - ? n Mon '»ays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at. 7:10 and 10:20 p. m
SUNDAYS— 6:35. 8:05. 10:C5. 11:10 a'm • 1215
1:20. 2:30. 3:45, 4:5.",. 6:13, 7:05, 10:30 p. nil *
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:C0 a. m, week days— Cazadero and way sta-
tions.
3:15 p. m. Saturdays— Cazadero and way sta-
tions.
8:00 a. m. Sundays— Cazadero and way sta-
f 12:43 p. m. Sundays— Point Reyes and way sta-
tions.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY.
WEiTK e D^ S F^ n 9 C :3l CO a. V nf =m
SUNDAYS^S. 9. 10. U^ m.'. V^and V :W p'. m.
TICKET, OFFICES ...«21 MARKET ST.," '
SAUS AUTO FERRY.
BAn.BOAD TBAVEL.
%oi:tiikk.n MCIN8 cohmhi.
(PACiriC STHTKM.)
Trains l«-i»»«- ami nra .lux i» nrrlv* ski
MAN ritAHVMt'O.
(Main Lii.e. Foot c( Uarket Streel)
lbavs — From Bznxxtu 12. 19CO. — ***rv»
•« jOOa Benida, SuiguD, Elmlrs. V»caTlHu,
RusHPTamlfjacritmeiito *7»43r
•T:OOa Shuta ExpreM— Davis. WiUUma(for
Bartlett Springs). WlUowa. Had
lilua, PorUauO. *7i43r
*7i3Va Martinez. 8an Uainon, Vallejo, Napa.
t'allstoga and .Santa Rota *0ilOp
'*:<>» a DaTls, WuodlaDd. KuigLu Laadlaj.
Marisville. Oro»i:le *7i«Sp
•»:0O» Atlantlu K i press— <>gd«ti and East *ia>4Ap
"»:O« v JfUes, Tracy, L»throj.. Stockton **i43a
•»>;io* ji»u Jose, l.irr-riuort-. .itucktoil,
lone, Sacramento, PlacerviUe,
M»rj»Tille, Chico, Keit lilulT MilAp
"*:;»<>* Oakdale. Chinrae, Honora. Caiten... MilSr
•!»:••» ilaywarils. Nilra »ml W*y .it»tion». *1 Ii43t
•UsOUa Los Angeles £xprau — M«r-.ii,«r,
Tracy, Latlirnp. ri^ockton, ilcrced
Frexno and Los Aaje.'es TilSf
•U:»n* V»!l-J.i, Maitiu«a ami W*y Suiloo* *Si43r
•IO:OOa Tho OierUuU Limited— OgJen. l>en-
Ter. i>in»h.v ChloiKO *«.-*•» r
*II:UOa Niles, Stockton, -Saoramento, Men*
<loU, Fresno, llanfurd. Viaalla,
rortertiiie Mil3r
*11:0Oa LlTcrmnre. Sacs«r. Ooshen Juno-
tion. Bikenfield. I.us Aag-le"
•U.OOn "Uywur.ls. Kitmmmmt W»y rtlatioas. •*»4. < lp
? I:OII|- «.«i amrli'o i:in-riC.««iii»n t3:Ol>*
•:i:«Or H%jwardn, Nilrs aud Way HUtlons. *5i 13 ?
•liiior Maniac/, Haa lUiuon, Vallajo.
Nairn. t.'itlm>i>KH. Santa Itura *«iI3a
•ttuor Uruicia. Winters. 8acram«nMh
\V,x..li»i..l. Kuinbta l.«udim.
M.rjR.ilir. Orotlli* •!•: H t
•liS«r Nile*, (mim.I<i«o and Stockton *7!l3p
•."i:WOrTliA Owl Umlted-Tracy, Fresoo.
I!..kir.,;ie!.:. fungus fur iiauU I)ar-
l):ir», Los AiiKeies. *1OiI1«
•rt:OOr Stockton •w>43.« L
•.»:!»» v New Orlraor Eipress— H.kersHsld,
KanU ISarlmrs, l.im Augples. Dem*
itiif. El Paso, New Orlesus aud
Kast ¦Ti«3»
•«:«<! r ITa;wardfl. Kiles and Hiu Joaa *7» «rv »
««:«O|- Vallejo •I»il3p
•ii:iM>r <>r:.iual M*il— Og'lon, Cbejenao.
Oinsha, Chicigu *18ll3r
•«:0i>p()ri.-i.tal -Mail-Ogdeo. Denrer,
Om.f.ii. Chlc»uo *<f>1.1p
•T:oO» Nile*, Tracy. Lalhrop. Stockton.... B l?:13r
•7i»«r orcKun aua Calilurui« Kii>r«aa h» o .
mnmk Marymllla. |[-,!.||,, K .
r.irtlan.l. 1'iiget HoiiihI and Kask ••ill*
J*««3p Vallejo. Fort Coata and Way HU-
tlons lHi««>
<OAST IMYINION (Narrnn Uaage).
(Fuotriit Mirket Streel.»
•7: 1.1a BanU Cruz Excursion for .Santa
Crui and Iiincipal Way Stations JSiOSf
•8:13a Netrark.t V|it.. r t!lli-.»aii.li>a« Krlton
Bo«IUerCr<-«k.itei.t»Cruzan<t Way
Hutioim *«>3»r
t^iISp Newark, Canterrlllv, Sau .lose. New
Alina.lnn, Felton, IJoiililer Creek,
Santa Crux and l'rinclpal Way
Stntloii. •l«i.in t
": sl J p N«wark. s«,, .?on». r.,» t!»t,n t«ina A
«ilil3pGlenwoo.|. Felton. S%nta Crax e*:3»A
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
'romSU raiHClSCO-r.it .f Mirktt Str*«t<S!i> S)
mIoo twa' $382 U: " * 2 " t3:M
r r»m0ilU!IB— r«»t «r Br«ad«af. — "«:00 8 00 10 00* »
ti::C3 *I:S3 t2:M »3:23 M:C3 'B^ar.H.
«:«>AM IM VISION (ltr»a.Mlaii<«).
(Ihlnl :...d To\«ime...l St<)
t«:l«M Ocmi-i \ l-w. Sour. 11 m.*ii Kr»iiclacu. . 1#:a»?
f«:««A Hau Jot» «...! Way .SUti.n.n (New "
A!.:ia.!r.t \Ve.li,e.^.UTSoiily) «l.3l»r
;>t30A Sunday Excursion f • r San Jo#-«.
Santa Crax. Pacific Grova and
Principal Way Htatious JSi33p
•Wi««a Han J««e. Ti«. Pimm, ManU Cni*.
Pacillc liroT«. r«a<> Kubles. Han
l.nis OIiUihi. 8t:rf. Lompoo aud
l'rinci|.»l War HUH.M •AifT
•K.ilci, 8ao .Ic.»« «m] Way Mf»ti,.n. •«i»3a
" I I»:t«»A »anJn.e,LcsGato8aHil\VayHtatlrui* *3i3Op
r*«l3rSan Matro, U.-dwuml, Menlo F*rk,
Palo Alto. Hant* Clara. Man .!<>¦•.
Tres Pinoa. 8ant* Crux, rtaliuaa.
• Monterey ami Tactile Crn» o tl*:S«A
t»:Mr8>n.lon»iit Way Stations «7s3»p
t4:l3p Ban Jnseau.l Principal Way HUllons *'J:*3«
tr>:OOp3an Jose. Ixx Gatos and Principal
Way Stations ?»!••*.
•3::iOp San .!,„„ »,,.i Principal Wai Stations t»t.t3 4
•Kt.-tttr San Jose autl Way Htatluna *«:«•*.
fcll:43p Sau .lomiaii.l Way Mutinin «?i3ttp
A for Momiuc P for Afternoon.
" Daily. f Sunday «icepted tSuudayooly.
b Saturday only. * i_ \
a Saturday and Sunday. . e Monday onis,
Santa Fe
Trains— Dai| y
Leave llarkit-street Ferry Depot.
Lve. Pan Francisco. 9:0» a m|4:10 p m 8:00 p m
Air. Stockton 11:30 p m!7:l5 p m 11:05 p m
" Merced 2:42 p m 1:18 a ra
" Fresno 4:20 pm 3:05 am
" Vlpalia S:Ou P m *:50 a m
" Tulare 6:22 pm 5:1" a m
" Hanforri 5:33 pm 7:06 am
" Bakersfleld ... 8:50 pm 7:30 a ra
" Denver 10:00 a m
" Kansas City... 5:15 P m
" Chicago 7:40 am
j a. m. train Is the Overland Express. Corre-
eponding train arrives at 6 p. ra. dally.
4-10 p m. Is Stockton Local. Corresponding
train arrives U:Ci a. m. dally.
S:lK! p. m. is Fresno and Bakersfleld Express,
with Pleepln? Cars for both cities. Correspond-
In* train arrives at 8 a. m. dally.
OFFICES— 641 Market st. and In Ferry Depot.
San Francisco: HIS Broadway. Oakland.
aDr-Gibbon's Dispensary,
62« ! >KEAB3TTMT. Established •
«n iss -* to * the treatment 01 Private
Diseases, Loet Man hood Debility or
di«sas«n> < ear1n$on bodyandmlndand
Skin Diiwaaes. Th< doctorcureswheti
others fall. Try him. Chargai. low
<nrf«i[Bar»nlff.1. Callorwrlta
Dr.J. »'- uinnox.«n\ >»37.Saafe*raad^co
WbbBj Call $1.00 wlm
Native Sons! Your great celebration and
parade Illustrated in 36 pages of the finest
engravings. Wasp's eouvenir edition* on
6ale everywhere. Price 25c. ; ¦ •
No other soap in
the world is used so
much; or so little of
it goes so far.
AiJ ;orts of people use Pears' «oap, aj sorts
« stores sell it, capeciaiijr Crugipsfr,
ADVERTISEMENTS. -_-^^^ r
greatest Nerve and Blood Tonic
Mo. 2. IwIb la Is Pa°- S.
I have given personal inspection to th- working of M. I. S. T. on the human system, and
mast say that it ectlrely meets with my professional sanction.
D. II. LOOM IS, Late Demonstrator of Anatomy, Philadelphia Medical College.
WHAT WE GUARANTEE M. I. S. T. No. 2 WILL CURE.
RHEUMATISM, no matter how long- standing. Any case of Inflammation ot the Blad-
der or Enlarged Prostate Gland, no matter if the patients hare been for years forced to naa
a catheter. SYPHILIS IN ANY STAGE. ANY CASE OF DIABETES. .
All cases of Itnpotency that can be cured, and permanently restore youthful rlgorznd
vitality. It i% nosumulant. Its effects are permanent and lasting. Will enre any case *f
STRICTURE without local treatment. Willcure-a«y case of Varicocele. Will remove en-
tirely from the system Cancer and Cancerous Germs.
_n addition to the above. M. I. S. T. No. 2 has cared many cases of Paralysis, Locomotor
«vtaxla. Spinal Trouble and apparently incurable diseases of the nerves.
M. I. S. T. has been on the market for over 20 years, and has en red thousands of snff-
•-»rs. It Is prescribed by leading: physician, all over the conntry. It is pleasant to take and
FPC^*k PVTJ JHbH absolat'l; safe. It never increases or diminishes the action of the
ftOi fvJT oLT iieart. If you arc suffering from any chronic disease you are urged to
ffl-Zi 3P sP write tons, no matter how many doctors or kinds of nedlclnes you
H r3 X-n Fjttj hare tried without relief WE GUARANTEE TO CURE YOU.
That you may jud^e of the ralue ot the Grrat Specific for yonrseli.
wa will send yon one lar^e case by mail FKEE.only asklnir that
wnen cured yourself you will recommend it to others. Write confidentially to our medical
department, giving symptoms. $1 per box. or six boxes for $5.
Addres* M. I. S. T. Co., Toledo. 0.SENATOR A." J. BEVERIDGE.
oratory, and In January of 1899 he was
elected , United , States Senator without
previously. having. held any-political office.
SENATOR BEVERIDGE WILL
SPEAK IN SAN FRANCISCO
5ENATOR A. J. BEVKRIDGE of In
diana will deliver a political ad
dress in Mechanics' Pavilion Octo
ber 4. It will be his only speech in
California, and Colonel Stone and Senator
Cutter of the State Central Committee are
planning to make the occasion one of the
greatest rallies of the campaign.
Senator Beveridge is coming West under
the auspices of the" Republican National
Committee. He will make but one speech
in each State visited on this side of the
continent. From here he will go to Port
land and then to Seattle. . •
The reputation won by Indiana's ; junior
Senator as a brilliant orator will Insure a
tremendous audience for him at the Pa
vilion. He is the youngest member of the
Senate, but has won national recognition
as an able debater and an eloquent speak
er. His speech on the Philippine ques
tion, delivered after having studied . the
situation first hand in the islands them
selves, was one of the great efforts of the
session.
Senator Beveridge Is 3S years old. He
was born on a farm and worked his way
through Pe Pauw University, at .'Green
castle, Ind., and In his senior year won
.the Interstate cratorlcal contest, against
competitors from ten of the Middle West
States. .After a year spent, on the plains
to recover his health he began the prac
tice of law in Indianapolis. He quickly
rose In the profession by force of his ap
plication, logic of mind . ana . powers ; of.
Trafl.* ftatift'.rs are rrocIaimSTiicr the virtue
tr..1 j-'.unanefs of KepuLliran policies and Re
i: '.ministration. Our ioreigrn commerce
l'^> Sif.iTtr.ud a maKmtud" hitherto nnt reached.
1 ":r ;rrr->rts for the flxcal year tndlng June
'/,'¦', w«re !fM3."l«,C72. nearly ii per cem .of
uhioh wjls tree. Our rxixirts reached I1.3j4.-
! C *.".T1. rrutkir.8 our ae-errepate loreign commerce
j'^arly t«i acfi a quarter billion dollars, which
eJccaeOa the total commerce of any previous
.- -ar by S211.7ZJ.ZM. A gratifying feature of our
icreicn commerce Is the larpe Dalance of trade
in favor cf the Tutted States. The Rolden cur
rents are flowing hither irom all countries and
ars raridly incroating our national wealth.
The <"if«f» of expert* over Imports from 17W
t • J;:r.- JO, ISJJ, was tr^,*-09.012. The «oe?R of
,f jipociB over iinporu in the years ending June
S'. !<:¦*. IX- &r,<t 1900. amounted to » 1.649. 778. "*>.
Thus it w.ll ;*- »e«.n that tor thrt-e y*ars of
M'Kir.!ey« administration the n*-t balance a£
our foreign commerce in favor of the Uuited
Etates was n,13Jii.17l in excess of the total
ret ba!ari< ¦¦*¦ la "ur favor during ail the preced
ing administrations.
"Wheels of Industry Bevolve.
It has been but a few pearl rince the streets
»ad the highways were crow.Va with idle •work
men, vainly eearf-httis for work— work at any
v. ares. It has beea but a fr-w years since idle
men, pinched l>y wart and hunger, were march
ir.g upon WTasbiasten, appealing for relief A
revolution h£» occurred, peaceful in Its pro
oce»=. mighty and Fi^nlnca.r.t In its result*. The
ranks of the employed have been increased b>-
FigTires on Prosperity.
THE crcsing: of the Republican
campaign in California, which
historical event took place at
Mechanics' Pavilion last night,
was distinguished by Eeveral re
markable conditions, these being
the more than usually high char
r.cier of the audience In point of Intelli
gence, the due}? Interest manifested, the
re&dy appreciation of the force of the ar
>jruments put forward by the speakers and,
; bove all and beyond all else, the sterling:
I .ttriotism that In all places and at all
times has be«>n the salient characteristic
Ot the Republican party.
Tha announcement that Senator Charles
Warren Fairbanks of Indiana would be
the principal speaker of the evening drew
a Ikj-ger crowd to the Pavilion than had
been expected by the managers of the
aff&lr. It took up all the sealing room, so
that when the Bear Club entered amid a
blaze of enthusiasm following- the band
playlag "A. Hot Time" it was impossible
to provide seats fcr them, bo they
marched out again and filtered back
wherever they could find a crevice in the
crowd.
On and about the platform were
prouped men prominent in the councils
<>f the party in this State, among: them
being- Congressmen Loud and Kahn, Sen-
Jitor Perkins. Cutter of Yuba, Reuben II.
I^oyd. John H. Shine, J. C. Campbell.
Henry C. Dibble. Horace Plan, Frederick
Campbell. John Berniii.gham. John T.
Dare. T. V. Ca.tor. Colonel George Stone.
Joseph S. Spear. Judge \V. C. Van Fleet.
Van K. Paterson and M. C. Cooney.
A. G. Booth called the meeting to order
and in doing *o made a brief but effective
Fpeech. On the subject cf imperialism he
said:
The ol2 policy of Isolation :¦ forever at an
end. The stars and strips float over Pcrto
Kico. Hawaii and the I"h!lip;unes and the old
jolicy of a. century ago is passed. At the be
.:¦:.:.:- Of tile present cer.tury more than half
of our national territory was cnier the Span-
Mi flag. .Now the original thirteen States ulor.gr
xl.r- Atlantic ccast have become a mighty em
pire of forty-five, reaching htoss the conti
ient Jrom the Atlantic ti> the Pacific and em
bracing Hawaii and the >*hilippine iFlar.ds.
it is th» policy of the R^put>lica.n parly that
vhTevcr the stars acd stripes have been raised
tl.ey eh£.'.I never be hauled down. The Repub
lu-tn psj'ty guarantees to the workingman that
h- Fhall receive his pay In a dollar worth l"0
eesta ail the world ovtr arid prosperity ie writ
ten all over the i«"ii£th and breadth of our
lend.
After several campaign songs by the
i Vr.lon League Glee Oub F. K. Holioway
¦f of Indiana •.vas introduced, ills speech,
¦which was necessarily brief, was devoted
ro a consideration of The prophecies made
by William J. Uryan four y«.ars agu and
the remarkably unanimous manner in
which not one of them came true. Kor
irs-:.anee in a Bpeecb at Minneapolis Mr.
Bryan ?aid that if the gold standard were
:»nt abolished there would be more people
ovt of oinpioymunt than before, more
Desperation and mure crime in tr>e land.
:hat time the gold standard has
been reaffirmed and trie reverse of Mr.
Bryan's prediction lias corse true.
liryai. r incondcteat declaration that the
; an, :r. •_ir.L faaue was free trade was con
tra>'.'-; in a humorous way with his sub
eequi m assertion that the monetary prob
len aas the paramount ij-sue.
V.T..ti the commanding form of Senator
Fairbanks advai.tfi to the Jront ot" the
speaker** siarid in<» Ko&eoee rose to it?.
feel sriij i:.<\<- him a prr-«ti:;ff that had so
: ;.;• breezy hf-artitiets ot Cali
fornia in it that he was visibly uffectec.
He l<»ran by < xpr<\«:;ins hi.« pleasure on
meeting the citizer;? of iian Vrar. Cisco and
Oiseussing with them the pending issues.
>' are all ir.terey.ed la good, govern
he said, "and we ail appreciate
:...?: whatever adversely affects Indian.*.
.--•!> ,-iff«rts California also, and that
Kbat benefits Indiana ben«?!its every other
¦ • In the ( mun. We prosper and we
EUfter together."
The speaker complimented Senator Per
:: s r-s ¦ devoted public Servant and alsa
paid a tribute to the services uf Congress
m*Ti Loud and Kauri.
On the leading topics the Fpeaktr said:
What of the future of the Philippines? The
future rests within the supreme control of the
American people. It rests within the sound
discretion of Congress. Until Congress shall
otherwise decree the President of the United
Etates mutt go forward la the vork of p&cifi-
Future of the Philippines.
Let iif briefly E'.e how utterly baseless and
foolish is the claim of Imperialism.
By the treaty of Paris Spain relinquished her
title and sovereignty to Cuba. The Island it
in prs.-essicn of the United States, which is
engaged i\ establishing lor It a republican
form of povernment. When this exalted task
is accomplished the people will have their in
dependence, ar.d the pledge we have made by
the declaration of v.-ar will have been faithfully
kept. There can be no fucgestion of Imperial
ism h*T«?. Th<" very contrary is true, for at
this mr-ment we are building upon the ruins
of imi^riaMsm the fabric of Independent re
publican government.
W« acquired title to Porto Rico by tha tenni
of the treaty of Parts. The people of the Island
welcomed our coming and have cordially co
«perate,d with us in our effort to establish a
liberal measure of government. Within two
years frim the ratification of the treaty tho
Porto Rlcans have been given a better govern
ment and have beea permitted to share In It
more fully thaji ever in their history. Xo ether
territory acquired hy the I'nited Ptates has
been given so large a measure of self-govern
ment # so quickly after acquisition. We have
given* them a more liboral government than is
enjoyed by th*> people of Alaska to-day, or
than was fr.joyed by the people embraced In
the Louisiana r.urrVase for many years after
the cesFirn of the territory by Napoleon.
We rnu?t now look to the Philippines to find
*cu» evidence of a purpose to subvert the re
public. Spain was la poss^ssion of the archi
ppiogo for centuries before the battle of Manila.
Insurrections hnd occurred from time to time,
but fy.ner "r later ?fce asserted her authority.
The iayt Insurrection prior to the Paris treaty
resulted In a 5ettl»-ment with the Insurgent
leaders, whereby Spain promised certain re
forms and agreed to ray $^00,000, $4W.<KK) of
which was paid In c.iyh and the residue was
unpaid at th* dat<» of our victory over the
Pl>«r.!sh fleet. Ae-Jir.a!<1o ar.d his coadjutors
hnd left th? island and had no thought of in
dependence. They had abandoned the contest
for concession? and weri in possession of a
lsrfrf> tribute levierj up^n the Spanish crown.
It is perfectly manifest that there was no sug-
Kertlon of Philippine independence when Dewey
entered Manila harbrr. and that Spain was
the nn!y sovereifrrty rfosnlzed by all nations
as rightly in possession of the archipelago and
authorized to apeak for the Inhabitants.
Philippine Republic a Myth.
We hrive heard much of a Philippine repub
lic. The truth i» that no such republic, accord
in? to our understanding of the term, has ever
t.een established, cr is in existence to-day. It
\f true that aft?r we overthrew the Spanish
authority Afruinaldo undertook to establish a
government which he was pleased to Ptyle a
republic. u was. howpver. an Agulnaldoan
dictatorship. It was In nonsense created by
the people- Even all sembiance of the R-overn
rr."nt which he attempted to establish after the
Spanish overthrow has entirely vanished, and
his for.^s are broken into bands who are vainly
endeavoring to elude capture, hoping for the
Fuccess of the opposition ticket in the present
election.
The course of the administration with respect
to the Philippines is known to the world. It
has hc;-n dictated by the most exalted motives,
by a sense «;f simple duty. From the memor
able victory of Df-wey, no act has txen done
inconsistent with our obligations or In contra
vention of our national honor. When we over
threw the FpHjiirh authority, when w<» broke
down the only fivernirscnt in the .Philippines,
it became our duty to stay, not to" run away.
It became our duty to protect life and
property and to establish a stable government.
We did not enter the Philippines with the
rplrit of a eonqu'-i-ir W of a nation brnt upon
rnrro conquest, but instinct with tho spirit of
mercy, upon a mission of humanity: not for the
purpose, of ere.-tirg an empire, but for the pur
»ifs of overthrowing an empire.
Personnel of the Commission.
The President, has from the beginning given
the Philippine po*.p]e. the amplest assurance of
our generous purpose, and has sought to win
them to the ways of peace, prosperity and self
government. He has been desirous of substi
tutir.g civil for military authority, and has In
vite*, the people to the very largest possible
participation in their local admlnmtrution.
At an early date he «fnt a commission of
eminent, capable citizens to undertake to bring
th» Filipino* into co-operation with the au
thorities of the L»nited Ftates in the estab
lishment of peace find the promotion of civil
government among them. The commission had
the undoubted confidence of the American peo
ple. What better men for the task than Pro
fessor Hchurmon of Cornell University Pro
fessor Worcester of Michigan University. Gen
eral I>enby. ex-Minister to China; Admiral
L>ewey end General Otis.
Aguinaldo Was Encouraged.
Aguinaldo. greatly encouraged by the appar
ent division of sentiment In the XTnlted States
and the 'antl-lmperialistlc opposition to the
humane polity p.nd efforts cf the President
continued to resist the authority of tho United
States, the only rightful sovereignty In the
archipelago. Notwithstanding hi* rebellious
course, the work of instituting municipal gov
ernment and providing for the welfare of the
people In the different Islands has proceeded
with o>n*ldenib!e success, so that more Fil
ipinos are participating In their own civic ad
ministration than at any time in their previous
history.
We did not obtain the Philippines because of
their commerce or because of their proximity
to 'he Oriental countries with which the ad
ministration has been successfully establish
ing a great and expanding commerce, but we
acquired them because a national duty com
manded. And when duty orders, no nation dc
riring Its own ar.d the world's approval dare
di3Ot*y. Our course In the Philippines Im
perialistic! Whoever so affirms misjudges the
history of his time. No one can look upon the
efforts of the President to uphold our authority
and Integrity in the archipelago and do other
wise than praise. He stands for the American
people. His success Is their glory, his failure
their shame. He is not acting as a partisan,
but as a President. He is acting for the en
tire people, not with Imperialistic Intent, but
for the purpose of assertlnjr ths national au
thority, a duty which the ratification of. the
treaty of peace Imposed upon him.
Imperialism.
The present market ratio of silver and grold is
about 14 to 1. It is impossible to secure th«
concurrent circulation of both metals if they
are to be coined ex a ratio which so disregards
the ratio in the markets. It \r an old law, rec
ognized .by financiers for unnumbered years,
that th3 poorest money Invariably drives out
of circulation the best. We are able to keep
a limited quantity of silver and paper in cir
culation at a parity with pr.Id if we declare
our purpose and have the ability to maintain
them at parity with gold by making them in
terchangeable with each other, or by some pro
vision restricting their use.
Mr. Bryan"s coinage policy Is opposed to th«
policy of Thomas Jefferson and Alexander
Hamilton, who, in 1702, provided for the coin
age of silver and gr.id at their market ratio,
which was 1Z to 1. It is opposed to the policy
adopted during the administration of Andrew
Jackfon, when the ratio of 16 to 1 first ap
peared in our coinage laws. Was thi» ratio
adapted amfdft the hysterical enthusiasm of
a political convention? On the contrary. It was
adopted after r^'nstaJcir.cr care, after the ratio
of t-ilver and geld had been ascertained in the
market. ¦
La vrof the Bates.
The present Congress enacted a law establish
ing flrmly the gold standard. Every dollar of
\k- F unrnc >' ls no* Kold or Its equivalent.
«e have addeo 1 to the stock uf our circulating
medium, bo that the per capita is $26 50. against
Vi- ' n 1S96 - The a*rsrejr.»te amount Is $2,062.
«-o.«.f6. or which JS15.474.4Cu Is gold and gold
certificates. $€26,470,320 1b silver and silver cer
tificates and $u20.3S0,G66 greenbacks and national
t>ank notes. In short, we have more and bet
ter money to-day than ever, and we will never
consent to Its debasement. We will never con
sent to silver monometallism which would
drive out even' dollar of gold and reduce the
silver and silver certificates, the greenbacks
and national bank notes to less than one-half
their present value.
We have provided for funding- $£49.332. 520 out-
Btar.<J:ng- 8. 4 and 5 per cent bonds, payable at
the pleasure of the Government after thirty
years. The premium paid upon the outstand
ing bonde Is paid from the accumulated cash
in the treasury. When the conversion is com
plete an actual «av!.ig in Interest will be ef
fected of JLd.W.SC: 67. There already have been
exchanged »329.GG0.000 of bonds Into the new 2
per cer.t bonds, which now command a pre
mium of 4 per cer.t In the markets. This Is
a mlgnW.ccnt achievement In financiering and
Is due to the soundness or our monetary
policy.
The Circulating Medium.
hundreds of thousand?. I>abT has had work.
It has not b«n asking for broad at the hands
of charity. It hes been buildlnp homes; it has
beer, educating children; it has lieen increasing
deiK*its in building: and loan associations and
Favir.ps banks. Shall we reverse this gratify
ing condition? Shall we again increase the
ranks of the unemployed ? Shall work continue
to nvk labor, or ehall we return to the days
when labor was anxiously seeking work?
Senator Fairbanks Dissects the
Fallacious Issues Put Forth
by Bryan and His Composite
Party of Calamity Howlers
in This Land of Prosperity.
REPUBLICANS CROWD MECHANICS PAVILION TO HEAR ELOQUENT SPEAKERS OPEN THEIR MINDS ON THE BURNING ISSUES AND THE MEN IN THE CAMPAIGN
essentially a creation of the Democratic poli
ticians of the Empire State, who are Mr. Bry
an's most enthusiastic and potential support
ers.
The Republican party is credited with th«
only national' legislation which has been ef
fective in the regulation or restriction of com
binations in any degree. It enacted the Inter
state commerce law and the Sherman anti-trust
law— two measures which have been wholesome
in their effect. The complex relations of Federal
ami State authority have made It more or less
difficult to deal with the subject. Many of the
trusts are local within the respective States
and beyonfl the Jurisdiction of Congress.
Bryan Quiet in Congress.
A hill i ;i~s».l tho House of Representative*
at the last session of Congress looking to an
irrt-ss with full power over the entire subject
within tho States, • but It was stubbornly op
rosed by the Democratic members, only flvu
voting for It. The bill did not reach the Senate
in time for consideration prior to adjournment.
When In power the Democratic party accom
plished absolutely nothing which was effective
upon th*» subject. Mr. Bryan as a member of
Congress did nothing In restraint of the trusts,
although the subject was then engaging public
The Republican party proposes to <JeaI with
the subject In an honest, intelligent and ef
fective way, so that legitimate enterprise shall
be free from destructive combinations of what
soever character and the public bo protected
against unjust exactions.
Names Paramount Issues.
The paramount Issue In the Democratic cam
pattrn is not Imperialism but Bryazrtsm. The
paramount l:-no» with tile Republicans Is the
re-election of McKlnley. This done, the pres
tige, the power, the honor of this nation will
be upheld among the nations of the earth ani
peace and prosperity will be known to all
over whom the U»ir of this, our republic, files.
"With three cheers for McKlnley and
Roosevelt and another three cheers for
Senator Fairbanks the vast audience
dispersed.
"The Stars and
Stripes Are Up
to Stay and
Must Not Be
PuIIedDown."
LOWER PASSENGER RATES
FOR INVALID SOLDIERS
Uncle Sam's Disabled Will Be Car
ried to Missouri River at Re
duced Fare.
The Southern Pacific Railroad Company
and the other companies between this
city and the Missouri River have arranged
to give the invalid soldier, discharged
from Government service, the benefit of
an exceptionally low rate, commencing
yesterday.
The rate will affect only those soldiers
who have seen service In China or the
Philippines and who have been honorably
discharged here. They must have a cer
tified letter from the surgeon that they
are invalids.
The special rate will carry them as far
as thf Missouri River for $25. The usual
soldier rate 13 $37 50. There have been
quite a few cases where unfortunate sol
diers were anxious to get to their home
in the East, but had not enough money
to cfirry them. The new rate. It Is
thought, will enable all to get home, be
sides leaving them enough mogey to buy
food, etc.
S. Zwall, While Despondent, Swal-
TRIES FOUR TIMES
TO KILL HIMSELF
lows a Dose of Carbolic
Acid.
S. Zwall, proprietor of an awning and
tent factory, while despondent on ac-
count of his wife leaving him, swallowed
a quantity of crude carbolic acid yester
day afternoon on the porch of the home of
his mother-in-law at ?2&\b Seventh street.
This Is the fourth time that Zwall has
tried to end his life because his wife re
fused to make up. He -will probably die.
Kitty Le Blanche in Seattle.
"WTien the case of P. J. Curtin, prlvats
detective, charged with being an acces
sory to the assault to murder Kitty Le
Blanche, was again called in Judge Con
lan's court yesterday. Policeman Meyer
told the court that ne had been unabla
to serve the attachment upon Mrs. Le
Blanche, as he had learned she had gone
to Seattle. The case was continued till
Monday, when It will probably be dis
missed, 'i- :
Mrs. Orivlda V. "Weaterfeld was grrantetl
a divorce from Herman Westerfeld yes
terday by Judge Bahra. The decree was
issued on the ground of failure to pro
vide. Mra. "Westerfeld testified as to her
husband's penchant for assisting himself
with her money and forcing her to seek
more. At one time, she said he forcerl
her to fro to Mayor Phelan for assistance,
which was refused her. Mrs. Raymon,
plalntlff'9 mother, corroborated Mra.
Westerfeld's story and the decree was
granted.
"Westerfelds Are Divorced.
pines during this process of ei-olutlon? Th«
opposition propose that we should alienate our
title; that .we should deliberately surrender
our ownership to people confessedly Incapable
cf self-government, and establish a protector
ate. No more unwise and insane step U con
ceivable.
If we have no right to govern the Filipinos,
by what right shall we establish, a protectorate?
Who has invited us to establish a protectorate?
A protectorate under the circumstances Is of
fensive to the right of absolute Independence.
It is repugnant to the principles of absolute
self-government- It is a restraint upon the
freedom of the state.
For how long a period should the protector
ate be established? According to Mr. Bryan,
It !s to be perpetual. It should not be forgot
ten that the United States would be obligated
to stand ready with a navy and army neces
rary to profit the Filipinos forever In their
occupancy of the islands. If they are to be
given the absolute poss-t*ston of the islands,
to administer them according to their own In
adequate conceptions of government, there la
a moral certainty that they would become In
volved in trouble with, their neighbors and we
would be constantly menaced. But if we as
sert our authority and gradually educate them
to a full measure of participation In govern
ment, we will avoid the vexatious complica
tions which would naturally and Inevitably
arise If a protectorate were established, as
proposed by Mr. Bryan.
Lawton's Prophetic Words.
The opposition to the administration In Its
effort to uphold our rightful sovereignty In the
Philippines has made more difficult the task.
Abundant evidence comes to us to the effect
that divided sentiment In the United States has
cost many lives of American soldiers. The sad,
prophetic words of the intrepid Lawton should
be a warning to those whose opposition to our
own 'army may give encouragement to the
enemy. "If I am shot," said General Lawton,
"by a Filipino bullet. It might as well come
from cr.<! of my own menj becanse I know from
captured prisoners that continuance of fighting
is chiefly due to reports that are sent out frum
America." The past is beyona recall. Let us
hope that in the future the brave boys at the
front may be supported by a united sentiment
and that their arduous duties may not be made
more difficult and dangerous by divided coun
sels at home. •
Situation in Porto Rico. .
The Kansas City platform condemns the Porto
RIcan act. Thla measure, which for a time
gave rise to a difference of opinion among
many well-meaning citizens. Is constitutional
and just. The feature of the measure to>*which
most exception has been taken Is that wnich
provides for the retention of duties upon com
merce between Porto Rico ana the United
States. It has been charged that these duties
are in contravention of the constitution, aa dis
criminating against the I-ono nicans.
When we expelled the Spanish armies and
took possession of the island, we found 80O,«v)
people In a deplorable condition. Commerce
was paralyzed. There was much poverty anrS
much need of public Improvements. The hunsry
were fed, suffering was relieved, the Judicial
administration was Improved, Jails were
emptied of hundreds of prisoners unjustly held
and the people were Invited to share in as full
measure as possible In municipal and insular
administration. Schools were started, highways
were Improved and the work of uplifting the
people was begun and has been pushed to the
present hour. There was no scientific system
of taxation In the island. It was deemed wls°
by Congress that the people of Porto Kico
Fhould bear rart of the expense of the admin-"
istration of their own government, rather than
that the entire burden should rest upon the
United States. Fifteen per cent of the duties
Imposed by the Dlngley law were retained upon
all commerce between the Island and ports of
the United States, the enure revenue being
held for the benefit of the Porto Rlcans. It
was providrd that these duties should not be
continued after January 1, 1902, and should be
abolished at an earlier date If the new gov
ernment established shall have provided .the
requisite machinery for raising Its own reve
nue. By direction of the President the Span
ish export duties were abolished and food prod
ucts and agricultural Implements were admitted
without duty.
Anti-Trust Laws Unacted.
The Republican party recognises the hones-;
co-operation of capital to meet new business
conditions and to promote the extension of our
forelcn trade. It Is Inexorably opposed, how
ever, to all combinations or so-called trusts
intended to stifle fair competition, to create
monopolies or to control prices.
It has been said that the tariffs foster
"trusts." But we find that they exist In free
trade as well as In protected countries. They
ar* found In England, where they have existed
for many years. Furthermore, trusts exist. In
this country In articles and commodities which
are upon the free list as In those which are
protected. The most conspicuous Is the Stand
ard Oil trust. Another notable Instance Is the
ice trust in New York. Neither of theoe trusts
has been fostered by the tariff. The latter Is
Spain. It is consistent with our Institutions;
It Is the spirit of liberty, not of bondage. It
is not the language of Imperialism, but It Is
the utterance of republicanism. It means that
under our guidance these people are to be lifted
to a higher level of civilization and to the
enjoyment of free government, which to them
ban been hitherto unknown. The opposition
will find little In this policy, so admirably ad
vanced by the President, upon which to found
their claim of Imperialism, with which to
frighten the American people Into a forgetful
nes« of the important economic and domestlo
problems which are placed In peril at heme.
There Is nothing In this policy Inimical to
the r<-nub!ic or in contravention of its splendid
traditions.
Bryan Supported the Treaty.
If the possession of the Philippines is Imper
ialistic Mr. Bryan's Insistence upon the ratifi
cation of the treaty was unwise. and Indefens
ible. What think you of a statesman who
would advocate the ratification of a treaty
which is Inimical to the republic and which
lays strong and firm the foundation of an em-
What should be our attitude toward the Fill-
ptre? If Mr. Bryan Is right now his potential
support of the ratification of the treaty was
a stupendous blunder. If, however, he was
right then, his present attitude with reference
to the result of the ratification is utterly in
excusable.-
The question arises, why did Mr, Bryan sup
port the ratification of the treaty? It was
ratified by only one majority. With his oppo
sition It would have been easily defeated. Was
there any danger to the republic In the ratifi
cation? If so, was It not his duty to have op
posed It to the utmost? "When the war was
over," said he in his Indianapolis speech,
"and the Republican leaders began to suggest
the propriety of a colonial policy, opposition at
once manifested itself. When the President
finally laid before the Senate a treaty which
recognized the Independence of Cuba, but pro
vided for the cession of the Philippine islands
to the United States, the menace or Imperialism
became bo apparent that many preferred to
reject the treaty and risk the Ills that might
"follow." • . .
Did not Mr. Bryan see the lurking dangers of
Imperialism which were so manifest to others?
Did he sympathize, with their preference to re
ject the treaty? Let him answer for himself.
"I was amon; those who believed." said he,
"It better to ratify the treaty and end tho war,
release the volunteers, rr=nove the excuxe for
war exuendlturs. and th>«n five to tha Fili
pinos thu independence which might be forced
from SDaln by n new treaty." Was the pres
ence of a few volunteers and the necessity for
war expenditures a more sericus menace to
the republic than the danger of Imperialism?
It is apparent from what he further Bays that
his surrtme desire was to create a new issue.
The - defeat - of the treaty would havo have
been the defeat of alleged Imperialism. But
it tniiut not be defeated, for an l.-suenmst he
maJe. The exigency of a political campaign
whs near at hand.
Imperialism a Sham and a Fraud.
Mr. Bryar. said if the Bacon resolution, wl ich
was Introduced nearly a month after the rati
fication of the treaty (and which uromlseti in
dependence to the Filipinos) had been adopted
by the Senate and carried out at the time the
treaty was ratified or thereafter, "It would
have taken the question of Imperialism r.ut of
politics." But the resolution was defeated.
It should be remembered that only a major
ity of the Senate was required. to pass the reso
lution", and tha Democrats were in the minor
ity; therefore without the power to pass the
resolution and take "the question out of poli
tics." Hut it required only one-third - of the
Scrate to defeat the treaty. Upon this propo
sition the Republicans were in the minority
and the Democrat* In the majority, with abso
lute power to defeat the treaty, and In that
way remove the question of Imperialism from
politics. - Senator Hoar, who strenuously op
pnsdd the treaty, thus . speaka of ¦ Mr. ; Bryan'B
efforts: ..- .
"lie put forth all his power as a great party
leader. • • * to aecure the ratification of
the treaty. Net content with writing letters
he cai+i to Washington in person to overcome
the reluctance of his followers. Seventeen of
them voted for the treaty, of whom only four
or five at moat had been previously known to be
In its favor." . .
In view of all thla, the utter hypocrisy of
tho Imperialistic cry must be manifest to every
American citizen. I do not Indulge In extrava
gant language when I say that the issue of Im
perialism Is an unadulterated sham and fraud.
Dangers of a Protectorate. ,
Our Traditions Upheld.
This Is consistent with the exalted purpose
with which we entered upon the war with
cation. In the work of establishing: civil gov
ernment. In his last annual message he said:
"Until Congress shall have made known the
formal expression "of its .will I shall use the
authority vested In me by the constitution and
the statutes to uphold the sovereignty of the
Unlteil States in those distant islands, as In
r.ll other places where our flajc rightfully floats.
1 shall put at the disposal of the army and
navy all the m*ans which the liberality of
Congress anil the people have provided to cause
this unprovoked and wasteful Insurrection to
cease. If any orders of mine were required to
Insure the merciful conduct of military and
naval r>j>erat!r,ns thrv would not be lacking;
li\it every step of the proRTesR of our troops
has b*-(?n marked by a humanity which has
surprised even the ml»pul<W insurgents. The
truest klndm»?s to them will be a swift and
effective defeat of their present leader. The
hour of victory will be the hour of clemency
and reconstruction."
SENATOR FAIRBANKS ADDRESSING THE GREAT AUDIENCE. IN THE ME
CHANICS' PAVILION.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 15, 1900..
9
SEND
The WASP'S Souvenir
Native Sons' Celebration.
36 pages beautiful half-tone engravings,
printed on the finest paper. Handsome cover
in colors and gold. All the striking features
of the great fete.
....ILLUSTRATED....
Now on safe at ail book stands, 25 cents.
POSTUM CEBEAL.
NEW USE FOR BUTTER.
Prevents Boiling Over.
The effect of cofifee frequently pro-
duces biliousness and all of the accom-
panying distress, such as loss of appe-
tite, dyspepsia, bowel troubles, etc. A
lady from North Evanston, -111.. Mrs.
Eliza J. Stuart, 252% Hartzell avenue,
fays: "I had used coffee many years,
snd though I took great care in making
it, felt its ill effects very seriously. It
made" me bih'ous and robbed me of my
appetite for breakfast.
"I always had trouble with dyspepsia
while I used it. I was told by physi-
cians that I had catarrh of the stom-
ach, and came to believe there was no
help for cie. Two years ago I quit the
use of coffee and began to use Postum
Food Coffee. At first I missed the stim-
ulant, although the taste of the food cof-
fee was delicious.
"In a few days I forgot all about my
coffee in the satisfaction I derived from
Postum. and soon found that my appe-
tite returned, the bilious condition and
dyspepsia disappeared, so that now I am
proud to say that at the age of seventy-
five years I enjoy my food as well as
when young, and all my dyspeptic
symptoms and trouble of the stomach
have gone.
"These troubles had been with me for
most of my life and it is really remark-
able thit T am now so perfectly well. To
say that I am grateful does not express
it. Once in a while I find a person that
do«s not like Pojtum. but I always find
:t is because it has not been properly
prepared. There is but one way to
make good Postum. and that is to make
I ' exactly according to directions, aJIow-
f hg it to boil full fifteen minutes, not
rifter it ;'<= placed on the stove, but after
the real bubbling begins. Use a small
piece of butter, about the size of two
peas, to prevent boiling over."
Take Your O-wrn Pictures.
VTc have cameras from 80 cents up to
$43 each and all materials for taking pic-
tures. Prices low. Sanborn. VaU & C->.,
741 Market street. •
Dr. B. W. Halnes, dentist, returned from
abroad and resumed practice. 813 Sutter.*
Voters, Attention!
Only twelve days more to register.
Closes September 26. Office open from 8:30
a. m. to 10 p. m. •Business was' light again on the morning
session of the Bond Exchange and quotations
showed little change. In the afternoon Alaska
Packers' sold up to $1?2 50 tnd Sprlns Valley
Wcter to S5S 25.
Home Oil continued to advance. touching
Jt 60. Otherwise the oil stocks stood about the;
same.
The La Fortuna Mining Company cf Arizona
baa declared a dividend of 5c. payable Imme
diately. - ¦
STOCK A2O> BOND EXCHANGE.
FRIDAY. Sept. 14-^3 p. m .
TBW *•* 1 -. R.»t J»«ic
4s quar coup.. 115*4116*; Is do C p (new) 134 " lax "
«s do res lll%115?4 Is do coup I09H110t I
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS
S^i;*^ 0 * 1 * £"- 11<n » ~ 'Oak Water ir»
C C Water 5s.lO7 1C7U, Oceanic S C 5a. 107^107^
Continued on Page 13.
THE STOCK MARKET.
¦ Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— December—
14.0C0 ¦. ctls. $110%: 2000, $1 1(H4 ;.S0.O0O. JM(H4;
May— 34,000. $115%: 6000. Jl 15*i. . - -
Second Session — No sales. -
Regular Morning Session— Decemby— 4000 ctls,
*109%:;l8.0C0,:$l 10. . . . f
• Afternoon Session— December— 2000 ctls, Jl 0S?i:
10.000, $1 0S%; 2000, U 10. May— 2000, U 15%.
1 BARLEY — The situation remains unchanged,
the market 'being very 'quiet. 7
; Feed. 70#72&c for No. 1 and 65®67J4c for off
CALL BOATID SALES
. WHEAT — Liverpool and Paris were both
higher. New York also opened higher, but fell
back. . . •
Chicago opened firmer, : with an upward ten
dency,'and. more disposition to buy. It was
raining again In the Northwest, and the news
from there was! bullish. For the first time In
months Liverpool followed the Chicago ad
vance.-. The export business In both Wheat end
Corn was very large. Argentine shipments were
500,000 bushels. •¦ Later on the market weakened
off -under, considerable profit- taking and large
eales by commission houses above 76c. "
. This market opened steady, but shaded off
in sympathy with , the other markets. Spot
prices stood the • same. :
Spot 'Wheat— Shipping, $1 05; Milling, »1 07%
@1 10. ¦ ,
Wheat and Other Grains.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — $4 84 Vi
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 us
Sterling Cables ...: ,— 4 89
New York Exchange, sight...... — 05
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 07^4
Fine Silver, per ounce — 62%
Mexican Dollars, nominal B0 M <S? 51
Exchange and Bullion.
* *
CHICAGO, Sept. 14.— Wheat was fairly ac
tive. The market opened strong, October at
76c to 76%c, because Liverpool showed a respon
sive advance to the bulge here yesterday and
because rains in the Northwest were again. In
terfering with threshing. . Long wheat- came
out at the start and a dip to 7£>%c took plact,
but as the offerings were well taken the market
reacted to 76?4®76%c. The export demand,
however, did not make its appearance here, as
had been hoped. This. with the liquidation of
over a million bushels of long stuff by a prom
inent trader, caused the market to break, and
the close was weak at the ; bottom, October t4c
under yesterday, at 75'/4c.
Corn was dull and , featureless, but steady.
October closed %c lower, ' at 39V&C
Oats held .at yesterday's' figures. October
closed a shade down, at 21%e. 5
Provisions were easier on hog receipts over
the estimate, ' under.-' heavy ¦ pressure 'from
tellers of shorts. The demand was good. Oc
tober pork closed 7^tc lo»ver, lard 71£@10c down
and ribs 15c depressed. ' -,'.;•:.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
-. Cash quotations ¦'¦ were as . follows: , Flour,
steady; No. 3 sr>rtng wheat. 75®76c; No. 2 red,
77»4c; No. 2 corn, 41%(g41Hc; No. - 2 . yellow,
41!i®«Hc;-No. 2 oate. 21%@22Hc:.No. 2 white,
EASTERN MARKETS.
Chicago Grain Market.
NEW YORK, Sept. 14.— Bradstreet'a to-mor
row will cay:
Expanding demand at advancing prices in
many lines of trades finds Its chief exemplar
In the market for raw cotton, which has wit
nessed the greatest excitement, heaviest trad
ing and largest ealn In price for at least a de
cade. Rarely. If ever, in the history of the
trade, as conducted on modern lines, has the
interest displayed on the product teen greater,
and the manufacturing interests of the world
find the situation a perplexlne one, while the
prospects of large profits to producers are stim
ulating all lines of Southern trade. English
eplnners. who are reported very generally short
of supplies, are considering drastic methods of
meeting the requirements. In American cot
ton markets the situation, from being a buyer's
market a short time a#ro, is now reversed and
sellers are in a position to dictate terms. So
suddenly has the outlook, as viewed by the
trade, generally changed, however,, that manu
facturers are unable or unwilling to define
their exact position, or, if they accept new
business, do so on a distinct basis of cost of
new supplies. Maximum cotton crop estimates
of past years are apparently panic-stricken and
predict famine stocks for the end of the year,
even with the reduced consumption.
Most food prices are either firm or higher on
the week, wheat being advanced on bettor ex
port demand ami bad weather at the North west,
proved by the low grade of much of the re
ceipts. Corn Is in good demand with ecant
supplies of old crop, and pork and lard pym
pathlze therewith. Raw sugar Is still scarce
and higher on the week, and coffee is fraction
ally higher. Among the great products which
are lower are butter and tea. Print cloths are
out of the market at old prices, and Southern
cotton yarns have advanced. Wool Is - still
rather weak, and the demand for spring weight
men's wear goods Is still disappointing..
The predicted anthracite coal miners"' strike
Is almost the only unfavorable feature of the
Industrial situation. The Iron and steel situ
ation has not materially cbangtHl and Irregu
larity In demand and prices la still a feature.
llather more talk Is heard of the influence of
election uncertainties upon future trade, and
certainly some additional weakness is told at
leading plgiron markets, while, on* the other
hand, finished material Is rather more firmly
held. ' Examples of this are afforded in the
weaker tone of plglron at Philadelphia and
Birmingham • and .In the * placing ' of • Bessemer
pig on a $14 basis at Pittsburgh. On the other
hand, some large sales . of pig * are noted . at
Chicago at DO cents advance, and ¦¦¦ 25,000 tons
of plate* have been placed at that city/ at
firmer rates, while bars are active and highf.
Wire products are reported - well cleaned up
and stocks are light. More Is doing-. in : bars
at ether Western points. Hardware is in good
demand, and a good fall business s la likely.
The outlook ae to steel rail prices is unsettled,
but lower quotations are looked for. . ;;
"Wheat. - including • flour. - shipments for the
week aggregate 4.665.9S2 bushels, against 3,378.
100;bushels last week; 4,530,556 bushels the cor-
. NEW TORK. Sept. 14.— Bradstreet' s financial
review to-morrow will say:
Hardly any improvement can be noted
In either the activity of the stock market or
In the quality of the trading at the Stock Ex
change. It continues to be a limited market
and the transactions in the main are confined
to an exchange of contracts between profes
sionals. The public is out of .Wall street and
shows no Inclination to come In, while even
the investment demand for bonds and divi
dend-paying stocks is somewhat slackened.
The market was rot stimulated by the result
of the Maine election, which, it may be re
marked, was generally construed In a favor
able sense by the street. Politics, however,
continue to be the principal topic of discus
sion and the market is settling down to a be
lief that while no political "scare" may de»
velop. the uncertainties of the situation a3 re
gards the Presidency will continue to restrict
speculation and to render investors cautious.
In one department of the list there was an ap
pearance of genuine weakness, the anthracite
coal stocks declining: somewhat on the Increas
ing prospects of a miners' Btrike. Even In
this group, however, there was some supiwrt
shown at concessions, though the announce
ment, that the strike would in all probability
becin next week tended to create more or less
bearish talk and feeling in regard to th* gen
eral list. In this connection the bearings of
trouble with labor in such a great industry
as anthracite coal on the political outlook has
not been lost sight of by the street. London
seemed to take an unfavorable view of the
matter, but the London markets are sill dull
and foreign participation and Influence were of
a correspondingly narrow nature.
Batter Is dearer. Egg* aad Cheess staad tit
same aa last week.
Poultry is In abundant strpply at moderate
prices. The little Gazno now coming la ia
dear.
There Ia no particular chang* In Traits ar.d
Vegetables, both being plentiful. Cranb«rrle»
are coming In from Cooa Bay and will soon
arrive from the East.
Coal, per ton —
Cannel f— ©13 M Southfleld
Wellington .. ®U 00 Wellington fill 08
Seattle 9 00@— Coos Bay..... — -© J SO
Dairy Produce, etc.—
Butter, per •qr...35@53 Ranch Eggs, per
Do, per roll ZVi'tiJ dozea SC<3TS. <
Cheese, Cal 12®i5 Honey Comb. p«r
Cheese. Eastern. _17@20 pound 15-&M
Cheese. Swiss 20<835 Do. extracted. ..lOtJU
Common Egga — 20^25c
Meats, per lb—
Bacon l5®17!Pork. B*lt—.^...^U51S
Beef, choice 15@2O'Pork Chops... .....15«13
Do. Rood 101*12 Round Steak. .~...10<Q
Corned Beef — <910 sirloin Steak 15«—
Ham 15(817 Porterhouse d»....JO@—
Lard — (S15 Emoked Beef —01S
Mutton ...1 :10«?13 Pork Sausases..l2He2t}
Lamb 10^15 Veai — «15
Pork, fresh 15@13
Poultry and Game —
Hens, each 5C@63 Geese, eaeh.^tl SVffl 75
Toung Roosters. Pigeons, pair. 4*350
each 50075 Rabbits, pair 40-959
Old Roosters, ea. .40950 Hare. 'each — OM
Fryers, each 40*345 Doves, per doi...90c?Jl
Broilers, each S0©40 Grouse. palr..$l 2&31 SO
Turkeys, per lb.-15<S20 Base Hena. paJr 73o
Ducks, each 60@601
Fruits and Nuts-
Almonds, per lb..l5Q— Oranges, do*.... ..13 £15
Apples *9 i Limes. r«* doa...l2$lS
Bananas, dozen. ..1S<S2O Lemons, doa ..15'S—
Blackberries, dr..25@40 Plums, per Ib 4» S
Crabaoples. per lb 49 5 Quinces, per lb... i# $
Cantaloupes, ea... 5®15 Raisins, per Ib....
FIrs. per n> 5® 6 Raspberries, dr. ..35^40
Orapes. per lb 4® 6 Peaches, per lb... *Q t
Watermelons. ea».10@S5 Strawberries, per
Nutmeg Melons,- drawer 25(530
each —® 5 Walnuts, per 1&..15®—
Vegetables —
Artichokes. dox...30C50|Onlons. per Tb.... S.9 S
Beets, doz 12015 Okra, green pr ib.lO^H
Beans, white. It).. 6© 6l Peppers, green^ lb 5010
Colored, per lb. 49 5 .'Potatoes, per lb.. J0 S
L4ma. per lb — @ 8 Sweet Potatoes... 43 5
Cabbase. each.... 5i»l!> Parsnips, per do».15«—
Cauliflowers each SWIO i Radishes, dz bchslO^IS
Celery, bunch E<&— I Sage, doa bnchs..a@35
Cress doz bnchs.MSSa String Beans, lb.. IQ %
Cucumbers, pr da.10©— Summer Squash,
Esk Plant, lb 8®10 per lb 4^ 5
Green Com. doz..lO«30IThyine. per lb SMJ3O
Green Peas. lb.... 49 5;Turnips. per doi.ioou
Lettuce, per dos.15®— I Tomatoes, per lb. 4© 5
Fish—
Oarracuda ........12©-*- Shad ..............l(V2?—
Carp _ 8©10 Sea Basa —^19
Codflsh 120— Smelt* 12»—
Flounders »#W So'" 1<X»—
Halibut 10@— Skates, each jqij
Klneflsh ......... ?S— ITomcod -$10
Macker-l 15O— Clams gallon 501?—
Do Horse ll^e — Do hardshell, lb S<3 —
Perch 10^13 Crabs, each...... 13 VS—
Pomplno 3C@— I Do eoftshell. da.40«»-
Ro^kfl<!h — (B10 ; Mussels, quart.... 5019
Salmon, fresh — 4?— Oysters. Cal. 1 10O..4O<«5O
Do. smoked —#15 Do Eastern, dozS@43
Shrimps 8®KM
Bradstreet's Financial Reviezv.
Charters.
The Vine loads railroad ties at Port Bragg
fcr Moliendo or Callao, COs; returns to this
port with nitrate; the GeiTnan steamer. Bos
r.la, horses and forage to China for German
Goverr.Tr.ent: the Gerard C. Tobey, coal from
Oyater Harbor to ttis port.
Our Account With Pacific Roads.
The following figures show the amounts
due the United States from Paclflo railroads
on account of bonds issued in aid of their
construction: Central Branch Union Pacific,
IZ.~ i',^; £iotix City and Pacific J4.1M.144;
total. $7,542,102. The Government has been re
imbursed lor frr.2XC.tl2 principal and JC1.211.
711 intertrst, being the '¦¦'¦• indebtedness of
the ITnioQ Pacific RaJlro&d cJompany to No
vember 1, 1S&7, ar.d for the principal of the
}-...: .- Pacific Indebtedness, amounting to
S6.3CS.OC0. The unpaid baJarK«e of the total ln
ct-bt*"<Jn<i"ss of the Oentral PaxuSc amd West
ern Pacific Riilroad coniranie* to the United
Mates, undfr settlemfsnt agreement of Feb
rusry 1, 1SS?, amounts to $14.10S,536 ar.d ac
cnied iniere?t, less transportaiiun earniiigs.
Our Cash and Debts.
The following is a statement of the public
flej^, and of the cash in the Treasury of the
T r,it«i States at the elope of business August
SI. received from Secretary Gape; Intercsl
fcearing dtbt, $L,C01,433.2S0; delt on which <_n
terest has ceased f!nce maturity. $3.;oi.t6j;
<5f-!>t bearing no interest. $3SC.Sb7.^Sl; Cfrtiiicntes*
end treaj=ury «otea. oflEeet by an «vjual amount
at cash in the Treasury, f*i3.135,C7i»; a^rereKiUe
of <j(fct. fl',13y,f24.4Sl. Compared with the riate
ir#nt lsrued July 31, the figures phow an in
erease of certificates and treasury notes
tinouriting to CS.764.&00, ar.d an increase in the
aSKre^ali- ocb: of fi6.yT3.127. The ca*h in the
Treasury at the date mentioned ivas: Reserve
fund, tlSa.M0.WO; trust funJ. $:S3,iS:),S79; gen
«ral fund, J125.64:,CJS: in national b^nk dejxjsi
tcrK-s. iO6.ltA.2Cl; total, J1.J04.S11.SC?. The cash
balance in the Treapur>- July SI. exclusive of
the !"«ne and trust funds, was $1J3,SC?.3C5 and
it. August SI flS.M3.C96, fhowir.g a derrta^e
durir.g the month of $!4.43I'.6f9.
The National Cashbox.
The money in circulation !n the United States
on September 1 was as follows:
Gold coin * $Cfi.695,606
Ellver dollars 6(^S.49S
Hrnall silver '7.*Si,*A*
<: H certificates 210.38S.36S
Silver ceitifi-ates 41a.S75.727
Treasury notes ' G9.S90,6»l
Tr.iul Elates notes 317,356,971
Currency <<-rtincates l.wso.ooo
JCatic^ial bank noteB 314,627,523
Total ?2. 06. 6X3, (>42
In 1691 1.^42,131,541
Jr.rren^ I3a4.rwl.S01
The n<?t increase in clriru'.atJon for August
«-s> T9.S30.'W-, includlnc tt,SH,C-Q in silver cer
ti*:fat<>i=. (2.706.000 in f;o!d certificates, $l,100.t«)0
ir. siltr-r dollar?, ILtW^OOt in subsidiarj' silver
end $3,6 > 'V>.0f'<t in national bank notes. There
vfiP a d^crtasr? of nearly (3.WQ.M0 in treasury
ri'tfF Mat in for red«ant<Jon and ji.coo.ooo in
poid oom. with a year auo there is
an increase of SKl.700.tXfO in sold certificates at
the exix'nt-e of a decrease of $32.2vO,0C<* in e^Id
coin deposited for the sariif. There was also
an Increase of $12,<'J0,OX) in silver certificates,
f7.fO6.QD3 in ETeeiibacks and (78.000,000 ia na
tional bask notes.
Weather Report.
<120th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRAXC1SCO, Sept. 14. 5 p. m.
The foliowing are the seasonal rainfalls to
date, ae compared with these of the Fame date
last peason and rainfalls in the /last twentj
i'.-ur hours:
Last This Last
Stations— 14 hours, season, season.
Eorefca 0.04 0.17 1.15
lU-d Uluff 0.00 0.2J 0.02
Facramento O.OO 0.06 0.C2
6an Frar.ois^o 0.01 0.4« Trace
rresno 0.00 0.14 0.C")
Independence 0.C0 0.76 0.P7
F«tj Luis Oblspo 0.09 Trace- 0.06
J.r.s Aneeles O.W> Trace Trace
fan Uieco O.0O Trace 0.C7
fcan Krancisoo data— Maximum temperature,
€€; minimum. IS; mean. 62.
LEATHER CONDITIONS AND GE.VERAL
FORECAST.
The pressure has risen rapidly over the north
ern half cf ths Pactnc Slope. It has fallen
rfii£-ht!> over California. A storm of moderate
fr.crrry is central over Wjiihicgton and North
ern Omi >n. •
The trmi>erature has risen from 4 to 1G de
frr*f* over California, exr^pt along the coast.
In the great valleys of California the tempera
turpg ar<» from 6 to 9 degrees lx>Iow the normal,
but renditions aj-e more favorable for raisiu
roaming. ...
llain h?is fallen alcne the coast from the
rr.-rjth of the Columbia River ncrthv.ard. »
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
tours finding- rnidnlfcht. Feptemb<>r 15. l!>00. '
SCoiHiCtB California— Fa.lr Saturday; wanner
In the Interior: Hcht westerly winds.
Southern California-Fair Saturday; fresh
Vffieriy winds.
N'pvada— Cloudy Saturday.
Utah — Cloudy; warmer Saturday.
Arizona — Fair Saturday.
fan Francisco and vicinity— Fair Saturday:
light westerly Tiinfis.
ALEXANDER G. McADIE,
Forecast Official.
activity of stocks and continued practically
dormant. Total sales, par value. $S43,OOO. United
States Ss advanced \i and the 5s Vi per cent in
the bid rrice.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Shares Closing
Sold. Stock— • Bid.
£.150 Atchlson 27*i
i.llo Atchison prefd 69%
4.C20 Baltimore .& Ohio 70H
200 CanaSian Pacific Si>
Oanada Southern 49
1,300 Cliff-apeake & Ohio 27Vi
Chicago Great Western 10%
6.100 Chicago, Burlington & Qulncy 124
Chicago, Indianapolis & Louisville.. 22%
Chicago. Ind & Louisville prefd 67
Chicago & Eastern Illinois, 96V4
Chicago & Northwestern 16O',i
2.752 Chicago. Hock Island & Pacific 106^,
C C C & St Louis 5S
Colorado Southern 6
£00 Colorado. Southern 1st prefd 41
Colorado Southern 2d prefd loVj,
"00 Delaware & Hudson lli) '
1.450 Delaware. I^acka wanna & Western.. 172V4
C00 Denver & Rio Grande IS}*
Z15 Denver & Rio Grande prefd 67
l>le 11
»lo 1st rrefd 3»>i
100 Great -Northern prefd 15» l 4
Hocking Coal 13**
300 Hocking Valley S3
600 Illinois Central : U6',4
1.800 Iowa Central 1SU
Iowa Central prefd 43
Lake Krie & Western .'. :6»i
L«k? Erie &. Western prefd S3V*.
Lake Phore 209
l.SsO Louisville &- Nashville 72
S.^L'6 Manhattan Elevated, ex div 89Vi
SIO Metro^olltna Street Railway 151V*
Tilexican Central ll!i
3C0 Mlnceai>oll« & St Louis 54
Minneapolis & Ht Louis prefd 9!">4
7,250 Missouri Pac;fi<: Wi
Mobile & Ohio 3S
100 Missouri, Kansas & Texas 9V4
GOO Missouri. Kansat & Texas prefd 29'A
1.23S New Jersey Central 12?
770 New'-.Tork Central 12S*i
EDO Norfolk & Western 34
Norfolk & Wt^stern prefd 75
4.1M) Northern Pacilio '.- 51*8
I.::i2 Xorthorn-Pacilie prefd 71
979 Ontario & Western 20%
Oregon Railway &. Navigation 42
Oregon Railway & Nav prefd 76
4,4«) Pennsylvania 127U
1.ST.0 Kes.i'r.ir l"-»
i-.ino Reading l£t l refd 54V*
300 Jieadin; 2d prpfd 25
K:o Grande Western 54
Kio Grande 'U'/'stem prefd 90
266 St Lou's * San Francisco 8%
SCO St Louis & San Fran 1st prefd 67
Ht Louis &-,San Fran M prefd 33^4
4(V> St Louis, Southwestern HVi i
6.C0O Et I-rouis. Southwestern prefd 2SV«
St Paul 113S
St Paul rrefd 173',i
3.4;i> St Paul & Omaha UO
550 Southern racifk' 32^
C1.V Southern Railway 11%
1.910 S-->urtiern Railway prefd 63%
6.210 Tex;'.? & PiiClfic 14%
1.775 I'nion Pacific 56%
iw Union Pacific prefd 73V 4
4f<0 Wafoash fi %
joi»» Wabash prefd 17 7 «
\vh«~?lin« & L E- S?»
1S-0 '.VWIins &• L E 2d prefd "3^4.
Wisconsin Coniral 12H
* Third Avenue HO
Express Companies —
Adams 124
Af.'-rioan 132
Vnlted States 45
Wells Farso 122
Miscellaneous —
640 American 1 Cotton Oil 32^4
American Cotton Oil prefd S8
American Malting 4'j
liX) American Malting prefd 23*1
CoO American Snu-ltinc & Ref 86V»
American Smelting & Ref prefd 83U
American Spirits 1&
American Spirits prefd 17
200 Am<?ri'--an Steel Hoop 19
American Steel Hoop prefd Go^i
:.S3 American Steel & Wire 35%
l,C!v American Ftecl & Wire prefd. 74%
American Tin Plate 27?4
American Tin Plate prefd 80%
3.3I*J American Tobacco 92'.4
Am^ri«in Tobacco prefd 128
K<> Anaconda Mining Co 44U
5.CC0 l:r<x>klrn Rapid Transit 53^,
Colorado Fu^l & Iron 35
9uO Continental Tcbacco 25%
Continental Tobacco prefd, ex dlv.. 77
3,'rfi2 Ffderal Steel 33^4
250 Federal Fteel prefd 66
ivUO General Electrio 139*i
; Glucose Sugar 60
Glucose Sugar prefd 9SV %
International Paper 19'i
International Pai>er prefd 64Vj
I>p.clede Gas 72
730 National Biwuit 32^4
National Biscuit prefd .". 84
100 National Lead 17!;
Natinnnl Lead prefd '90
National Steel 25
National Steel pr»»rd gS%
800 New York A riBrake 127
ICO North American 14V4
S12 Pacffle Coast «4Vi
Pnrihc Coast 1st prefd 83
Pacific Coast 2d prefd 61^4
490 Pacific Mail : 20
15,r.iO IVop'.e'f! Gas 9O',i
700 1'rcFspd Stoel Car SS
112 Pressed Steel Car prefd 71^
Pullman Palace Car 1E6
183 Standard Rope & Twine 5
6,920 Sugar 118%
Sus:ar prefd H6
1.S45 Tennessee Coal & Iron 6$\
1,245 United State* Leather 10»»
United States Leather prefd ex dlv.. 68Vi
L6C0 Vnlted States Rubber 23
Inltpd States Rubber prefd 82
1.3C0 Western Union 79^
220 Republic Iron ft Steel Co -. 12
220 Republic Iron & Steel Co prefd 53%
P C C & £t Louis 68
175.000 Shares sold.
CLOSING BONDS. '
U S 2s ref. when M K & T 4s 91
issued, reg 104 N V Central l*ts...lOS>4
U 9 3s ref. when N J Cent gen 5s....l22'-,i
issued, roup 104U N Pacific 3s 6i«i
V S 3s regr 203-% N Pacific 4b 104H
U S S» coup JOS?» ,V Y C & S L 4s... 107
IT S new 4s reg 134 ?C & W con 4s 97%
U S new 4a coup. .134 Or Nav lsts ..109
tJ K old 4s res H4\ Or Nav 4s.. .. ......102\4
U S old 4s coup ll.Mi;Or Short Line 6s.. .127',*
I! BEs rrg 113U. !Or S Ltne con &S...114
I" S Zm coup llSVt Reading Gen 4s.... 87U
Pis of Col 3.65S..V.122 It G W lsts 98
Atrhlson pen 4s....MlVi S L & I M oon 6s.ll2*i
, Atchison adj 4s... 85%. 8 L & S F een 6s. 1244
Canada So 2ds lOCHJSt Paul oons 169>4
Ohes & Oliio 4Hs... P8HJS P C & P lsts 117H
Ches & Ohio F.s....]20»ijS P C & P &s 119H
C & NW coy Ts....l40 So Pacific 4s UK
C & NWSFdeb ls.12014 {Southern Ry 6s 10ST4
Chgo Terminal 4s. P2H!Stand U & T Gs 67
Colo Southern 4s.. 81V» Texa.i & Pac lsts.. 11!
it iz Tt a lsts 102»i Tex & Pac 2ds 03
D & R G 4».....r.'.. PS Union Pacific 4n....ir>;A;
P>ie General 4s... C9 Wabash lsts ;..H7Vi
F W & D C Hts... 7J IWabash 2ds 1D2
Gen Electric 6s 119 West Shore 4s..... 112
L & X 1'nl 4s 99H Wls Cent lsts 1714
M K & T 2ds C6H Va Centuries 89%
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar 15. Ontario 8 75
Crown Point 10 Ophlr <i
Con <Jal & Va. 1 05 1 Plymouth - 10
IVadwood 45 Quicksilver ..: I 60
Gould &. Curry...-. 24 Do prefd 7 00
Hale & Norcross... 17 Sierra Nevada..... '28
Homestake ..» 60 00|Standard 4 20
Iron Silver 6S ! Union Con 14
Mexican 23) Yellow Jacket 15
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— iWestngh Elec ..... 47H
Call loans 2Qi Wls Cent 12U
, Time loans SS^i* Bonds —
Stocks — Atchison 4s 99
Atch Tod & 6 F.. 27V, N K O & Coke 4s.. 674
Do Prefd 69% ¦ .Mining Shares-
Amcr Sugar ....... 1W*, Adventure 4V4
Do pr^fd ll« lAltouez Mnsr Co... 1H
B^" Tele l«Vi'Amal Copper :..... S8
]5ostnn & Albany. .245 Atlantic 234
Boston Elevated ..148 Boston &^Mont....S12
Boston &. Maine. ..189 Butte & Boston..:. 62
Chi Eur & Q.......1237ijCalumet & IIecla..74S
Dominion Coal ...-37% Centennial ..IS
Ho prefd 110 Franklin 14 ¦
Federal Steel S3V4 1 Humboldt SS
NEW YORK. Sept. 14.— Cotton futures opened
feverishly and Irregular and later prices showed
a decline of f.@15 points on the near position,
while the later months were 2 points lower to
1 point higher. A great deal of long cotton was
for sale and within the next few minutes prices
showed a further loss of 7 points. There was
a partial reaction on covering, but again the
market became very weak. From the opening
flfiures of yesterday September broke 25 points.
Octotxir 22 and January. March and May 31
points. At one time October had special sup
port on account of heavy buying by Liverpool,
but this was finally withdrawn.
The market closed steady in tone, but at
about the lowest level of the day, a net loss
of 24@30 points.
tfrtU York Metal Market.
NEW YORK, Sept. 14.— The week finishes up
with very little of any. material change in the
metal prices as nuottd on lost Friday. Tin
ruled very dull and somewhat lower, owfhfr tf>
the easier markets abroad, prices there easing
off 10a for spot and £1 for futures. The clox;:
here showed spot to be on the basis of ?29 50^
30. Lake copper was quiet and unchanged ai
$16 75@17. Lead dull at" $4 37V4. Spelter easy
in tone, but not quotably lower at $4<S4 10.
and pig iron warrants very dull at $9 Z~':?'Ji
10 37 1 / j. The brokers' price for lead was + 1
and for copper $16 87^.
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON. Sept. 14.— To-day's statement
of the Treasury balances In the generaj fund.
exclusive of the" $150,000,C110 gold reserve In the
division of redemption, shows: Available cash
balance, $135,562,707; Bold. $73,694,654.
Foreign Markets.
LONDON. Sept. 14.— Consols. 08 11-16; silver,
28 15-16; French rentes. lOlf 2%c. Wheat car
goes on passage, firm, not active; cargoes No.
1 Standard California, 32s; carjroes Walla
Walla!, 80s 6d: English country markets, quiet.
LIVERPOOL. Sept. 14.— Wheat, firm: No. 1
Standard California, 6s 5d@6s 5%d; wheat In
Paris, firm; flour in Paris, steady: French
country markets, easy; weather In England,
fine.
COTTON— Uplands, . 7 5-32<l.
CLOSING.
WHEAT— Spot, firm; No. 2 red Western win
ter, 6s lHd: No. 1 Northern spring, 6s 4»id;
No. 1 California, 6s 5il@6s 5%d. Futures, quiet;
September. 6» 2d; December. 6s iMA.
CORN — Spot, firm; American mixed, new, 43
V-d; American mixed, old, nominal. Futures,
quiet; October, 4s 3%d; November, 4s 3%d"; De
cember, 4s 2%d.
Sale of Sheepskins.
LONDON, Sept. 14.— At the sale of sheepskins
here to-day 156,240 bales of Cape of Good Hope
and Natal skins were offered, of which 116.1SS
were sold. The quality was not Improved. The
demand was mostly by the home trade. Long
wooled skins declined a halfpenny to three
farthings and short-wooled a halfpenny. Shorn
goods declined a farthing.
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND, Sept. , 14.— Clearings, $405,S83;
balances, $S4,097.
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND. Sept 10. — WHEAT — Walla
Walla, 66@57c; Valley and Blue Stem, 59@60c.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, Bept. 14.— WHEAT— Steady; Blue
Stem, 69%c; Club, 66^0, both for export.
Nezv York. Cotton Markets
CHICAGO, Sept. 14.— CATTLE— Receipts. 2000;
choice light and medium steers, steady; heavies,
30c lower; Texans, firm. Natives, good to
prime steers, $5 50<S5 80; poor to medium, $4 it)
$15 33; selected feeders, $4 90@*5 30; mixed stock
ers, $2 80(?3 70; cows. $2 8C@4 35; heifers, J3@
5 2".; canners. ?2 25<i?2 (<0; bulls, $2 50(34 50;
calves, $6 85. Texans — Receipts, 300; best on sale
to-iiay, ten carloads at $3 9d. Texas fed steers,
f-4 3n«?5 10: Texas grass steers. |3 40@i 35; Texas
bulls. $2 75@3 40. . - . .
HOGS— Receipts to-day. 24,000; to-morrow.
17.0C0; left over, 6500; heavy, 5c lower; light,
steady to ehade lower; top, $5 65. Mixed and
butchers, (5 Oiifcio 65; good to choice heavy, $5 05
@5 4214; rough heavy. 14 90@5; light, $5 15(55 65;
buik of sales, $5 10©5 35. -
SHEEP— Receipts, 5000; sheep and lambs, ac
tive and strong; good to choice wether*. $3 70®
4 15; fair to choice mixed, $3 50i??3 75; Western
Fhcep, $3 80i?4 15; Texans, $2 60@3 30; native
lambs, $4 35@5 90; Western lambs, $5 15Q.5 00.
'. CHICAGO. Sept. 14.— Earl > Fruit Company's
sales • of ; California fruit! ' Grapes— Malagas.
$1 15@1 25; single crates; clusters, ¦ average $155;
Tokays, 70@75c; clusters, average $1 66. Pome
granates—$1 15@1 30. single crates. . Pears — Bart
letts. $1 76<32 SO. boxes; Alexla, 75©9Oc; Beurre-
Bosc, average |127;Beurre Clalrgeaus, average
U 25; Beurre Diel. 85a?U 05; Seckelo, average
II 61; Beurre Hardy. $1 20@l 75: Howells, $1 650
195; d'AnJou, average $1 28; Duchess, average
95c Prunes — Italians, .70@75o. single crates.
Porter Bros. Company's sales: Pears — Bart
lette, 95c@J2 05 box. Grapes— Tokays. 95c@$l 65,
single crates; clusters. %l 25® 1 55: Muscata. SOc
©'$1 4S;« Morocco, $195; Cornlchons. $175; as
sorted, $1 45. Peachae — Salways, C0@85c Twelv«
care of fruit sold t<£day.
NEW YORK, Sept. 14.— Porter Bros. Com
pany's sales of California fruit: Pears— Bart
let ts, 6Oc©J2 95 box and $110 half-box: Santa
Anna. 65@75c: . Beurre ¦ Hardy. $1 05: Summer
Seckels, 70c half -box. Grapes— Tokays, $1 65.
double crates, and 75c@$l 45, single crates: Pur
ple Duanea, 55c; assorted, $1. Plums— Kelsey,
45c@$l 85. single crates; Yellow Egg, 60c
Prunes — Groe. 90c. Peaches — Salways, 45<g65c.
- Earl Fruit Company's sales: Grapes — Tokays,
70c@$l 75, single crates; Malagas, 60cij|$l ; clus
ters, Jl 25@1 CO; assorted, -average 90c. Fifteen
cars of fruit sold to-day.
Chicago Livestock Market.
Silver arJ Mexican dollars unchanged.
Wheat opened firm, but weakened again.
Barley dull. Oats firm and more active.
Rye steadily held, but quiet. Corn cleaned up.
Bran firm and unchanged.
Large shipments of Hay to tlie Orient.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables about the same.
Beans of the nezv crop coining forward slowly. *
Butter rules firm. Cheese dull and Eggs zveak.
Poultry in good supply and weak. Game in light receipt.
Fresh Fruits exhibit no nezv feature.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins about the same.
Bacon advanced. Hams easy. Otiier Provisions featureless.
Meat quotations show -no further variation.
There was little or no business done In evapo
'ruted apples to-day and the market ruled quiet
and nominally unchanged. State common were
quoted from 3%<9--5c; prime, 4»i@5^ic; choice,
6H@6c; fancy, 6(ft6V£c. California dried fruits
were Inactive. Prunes- were quoted from 3Vj®
7>/4c. Apricots— Royal. H@14c; Moorpark. 15@
lCc. Peaches— Peeled. 14®18c; unpeeled. 6@9c.
DRIED FRUIT.
NEW YORK. Sept. 14.— FLOUR— Receipts,
15,952 barrels; exports, 10,916; sales, 9000 pack
ages. Firmer again, with inside prices raised
6@10c and demand active. Winter patents,
$3 70@4; winter straights, $3 50<g'3 60; Minne
sota patents, $4 43@4 50.
WHK AT— Receipts, 100,000 bushels; exports,
SP.400; sales. 3.250.C0O bushels futures, $0,000 ex
ports. Spot, steady; No. 2 red, 81?ic f. o. b.
afloat; No. 2 red, "D-'ftc elevator; No. 1 Northern
Duluth, 85c f. o. b. afloat. Options had quite
a strong opening on higher cables and more
rain in the Northwest, after which, by reason
of realizing and heavy offerings in Chicago,
thej* declined sharply, closing weak at un
changed prices. March, 85%®§5»ic. closed SS'Hc:
May, 85><i@S5?sc, cloned S5!<ic; September, S0%®
SWtC, closed SOUc; October, 80%@81%c. closed
SCtyc; December, 82%<S83Vic, closed 82%c.
HOPS— Dull.
HIDKS— Firm. / ¦
WOOIr-Dull. .
COFFEE— Closed firm at 10^15 points higher.
Total eales 18.K00 bags, including: September.
7.2CQ7.25c; December, 7.30*H7.40c; January, 7.40c;
March, 7.&op7.55c; May. 7.00@7.63c.
SUGAR— Raw, firm; fair refining, AV*c; re
fined, firm; centrifugal, 96 test. 6c; molasses su
gar, -4c.
BUTTER— Receipts. 3321 packages. State
dairy, 15H@2O'4c; creamery, lG%@21c; June
crtamfiry, lS'icmc; factory, 14@16lic; Imitation
creamm-y, 15@17%e.
EGGS — Receipts, 6122 packages. Steady:
Western regular ¦ packing- at mark, 12317a;
Western, Iocs off, 19c.
NEW YORK, Sept- 14. — Money on call, easy
at lU@lVi per cent. Prime mercantile paper,
4(fi'6 l ,4 per cent. Sterling exchange, steadier,
with actual business in bankers' bills at $4 SS%
for demand and at $4 S3>4 for sixty ilays. Post
ed rates. $4 S4',i and $4 S7&&4 hS. Commercial
bills. $4 S2%«|4 S3. Silver certificates, 62*4©/
a%c. liar silver 62%c. Mexican dollars. 48?ic.
Government bonds, strong ; State bonds, inac
tive; railroad bonds. Irregular.
Neiv York Money Market.
CLOSING
Atchlson, 28%; Canadian Pacific. 91H. ex
dlvldend; Union Pacific preferred, 76V t ; North
ern Pacific preferred, . 73H ; Grand Trunk, 7;
Anaconda, 9U. V Bar sliver, quiet, 2S 15-16d per
ounce. Money, 2©2V» per cent.
NEW TORK. Sept. 14.-The Commercial Ad
vertisers London financial cablegram says:
The markets here opened rather flat to-day,
under the Influence of a disquieting leader in
the Times concerning the situation In China.
They recovered partially on tha news from
Africa and closed fairly cheerful. Americans
were under parity most of the time, though
New York offered some support. Uuslne.su In
this department was on an extremely sma!i
scale. Money was firm owing to heavy calls.
Silver was firmer, the Calcutta price be
ing 74V4.
London Market.
NEW TORK, Sept. 14.— R. G. Dun & Co.'s
Weekly Pieview of Trade to-morrow will say:
The trouical storm that devastated the Gulf
coast, almost wiping out the city of Galveston
and doing damage in other parts of tho coun
try, caused a reduction In the volume of busi
ness at the South, and railroads in the Gulf
region have probably not ehown their maxi
mum losses of ' earnings . as yet; but even, after
Euch a catastrophe recuperative power is shown.
An added cause of hesitation in business la the
order for a strike of the anthracite coal min
ers. Otherwise the working force has Increased
this week, for operations are resuming at steel
mill3. and the; Michigan peninsula car plant
and the Deering Harvester Works have started
up after seven weeks' idleness with 3000 hands
each. • Frcnv many Quarters of the \v est and
Southeast a better distribution- of merchandise
is reported in jobblnG ¦ and- retail circles. rtio
weather has continued favorable for the matur
ing corn crop, with cutting progressing and
the crop generally beyond danger; but. damaso
to cotton by the storm Is still an unknown
quantity. I'rices "of staple commodities .are
higher for the week, hoisted- by the sharp rise
In cotton, but in manufactured products there
is little change, though steady increase of busi
ness at the current level la satisfactory, cot
ton closed last veek at the highest price m ten
years, and . a large short interest was await
ing reaction. Instead there came newa of the
disaster in Texas and sensational reports that
a million bales had been destroyed.- At the
New York Exchange trading was far in ex
cess of all previous records, and prices rose by.
bounds. Subsequently there were .less exag
gerated reports from the South, but the market
failed to respond, and middling uplands ad
vanced to 11 cents. The rise in the raw mate
rial caused sharp advances In cotton good*. In
ono week- standard brown sheetings rose from
5.67c to Cc, wide bleached sheetings from 20o
to 21c, standard brown drills from 6.67c to o. 87c
and staple ginghams from 6c to 6.50o.
Buyers who have been delaying for weeks
aro anxious to secure liberal supplies, both'In
stant ' and distant.
Stocks in first hands were cleaned up and
sellers generally withdrew from tna market.
Wheat rose above 80c again in the face cf
receipts for the crop year thus £ar 8,413,3i5
bushels larger than last year, while exports de
creased 10,251,37s bughels, including flour. Re
ports of heavy rains in some sections ind In
jury to the crop with better inquiries by for
eign houses ¦ explain the advance.
More orders are being received at Iron mills
and prices are steady. In structural and fin
ished materlr.l there is much business and ac
tivity is becoming almost universal In the Iron
region. Steel rails are awaiting for the agree
ment as to prices, which is expected to be
reached next week.' A reduction in keeping
with other steel products 1b consider».«l certain,
and thfen the market will be on a settled basis.
Seme large makers favor $27 EO as the new
basis and believe that nearly 2.000.0UO tons
would be ordered at that figure.
Shipbuilding was never more active, and a
feature was a contract for a coal pier to be
used in the export trade.
Boots and shoes begin to recover after many
weeks of Idle wheels through New England.
Orders are comlne forward freely and a re
turn to normal conditions Is in prospect.
Last week's shipments from Boston were only
67.142 cases, which is the smallest amount
since the decline began, but increasing pur
chases promise an early gain in forwardlng3.
Conditions ore similar In the wool ir.fi.rket,
where rales last week aggregated 2,623,000
pounds, against 12.0C6.5O0 pounds a year age.
Prices do not fall as might be expected in such
a dull season.
Failures for the week were 195 in the United
States, ajralnst H9 last year and 30. in Canada,
against £ last year.
Bank Clearings.
Do prefd CCViJOseeola 66Vfe
Ed Elec 111 210 iParrot 40Vfe
Mich Tele 65 IQuincy 143
N E Gas & Coke.. S^iSanta Fe Copper... VA
Old Colony, ex dlv.202'* Tamarack 220
Old Dominion ..... 17V4 Utah Mining 30^
Rubber 29 Wtnona -...'. 2$i
Union Paelne 66^4 Wolverines, ex dlv «0
West End 93i£
NEW TORK. Sept. 14.— The following table,
compiled by Bradstreet. shows the bank clear
ings at ay principal cities for the week ended
September 13. with the percentage of increase
and decrease, as compared with the correspond
ing week last year:
Percentage.
Cities— Amount. Inc. Dec.
New York $741,695,634 .... 44.5
i Boston SS.6S0.6S6 24.9
Chicago 133.3SS.749 7.8
Philadelphia 74,733,037 .... 18. S
St. Louis 85,613.748 J.7
Plttsburg 25.995.754
Baltimore ..' 16,372.770 .... IS. 6
i Sari Francisco IS. 700. 833 .... 15.0
'Cincinnati 13.S60.7S0 3.0 ....
Kansas City 17,SS9,145 21.4
New Orleans 8,875,176 S4.5 ....
Minneapolis 12,321,198 3.8 ....
Detroit S.100.643 ....
Cleveland 10.602.559 4.7 ....
Louisville 6,555,932 .... 10.7
Providence 4,633,600 .... 16.2
Milwaukee 5,2«7,63S J.7 ' ....
St. Paul 4.21S.715 .... 14.8
Buffalo 6,003,144 10.2
Omaha • 6,069,160 10.4
Indianapolis 5,932,706 13.7
Columbus. O... 4,58S,500 .... 8.1
Savannah ...; 7,114.495 159.6 ....
Denver 3,762,509 • 6.5
Hartford 2.3S2.S29 .... 10.2
Richmond 3,022,45(6 30.7
Memphis 2,030,976 3.5
Washington 2.133.200 .... 8.4
Peoria 2.035.4*5 2.0
Rochester 1, $07,687 - . ....
New Haven l,27S,C06 .... 30.8
Worcester !'C0,957 .... 24.8
Atlanta 1.610,693 10.7
Salt Lake City 2.1S2,u4ti 3.S
Springfield. Mass.. 1. 367.820 2.7
Fort Worth 1.417.618
Portland. Me l,043,S4J .... 31.4
Portland. Or 2,570,973 43.4
St. Joseph 4.5(58.000 24.2 ....
Los Angeles 2.23S.477 12.5
Norfolk 1.2!}7.726 26.3 ....
Syracuse 1.03S.733 .... 2.9
D*s Molnes 1,414,444 .... 1.8
Nashville 1,24?,443 .... 14.1
Wilmington. Del.... SSG.0C2 1.2
Fall River G53.3H4 23.7
Scranton 891.025 2.6
Grand Hapitis 1.160.703 . 3.1
Augusta. Ga 2.4S8.240 31S.0
Lowell 489.803 15.9
Dayton. O L134.225 1S.2
Seattle 3.068,206 3S.4
Tacoraa ; 1.306.838 24.2 ....
Spokane 1.135,202 .... 7.2
Sioux City 1.136.142 1.4
New Bedford S3S.S20 3.3
Knoxville. Tenn.... 607.31S 9.9
Tcpeka J<64.962 I 35.7
Birmingham 726,439 . 21.2
Wichita 62U37 ....
Binghamton 3S6.300 13.5
Lexington, Ky 5O9.5SS 21.4
Jacksonville. Fla... 20S.332 .... 9.1
Kalamazoo 340.452 ....
Akron 494.C0O 5.5
Chattanooga 511.578 65.4
Rockford, 111 2C6.133 .... 6.6
Canton. 6 292.000 20.1 ....
Spring-Held. 0 316.753 6.3
Fargo, N. D. 263.205 .... 32.6
Bioux Falls. S. D... 64.277 .... B1.9
Hastings. Neb 131.S94
Fremont. Neb 12J.075 .... ....
Davenport 1.002,093 11.9
Toledo 2.^60,439 17.5
GalveFton 2.371.000
Houston 7.333.S05 11.6
Ycungstov.-n 327,109 .... ....
Helena 692.S89 ....' 4.0
Evansville S1S.033
Macon. Ga 758.000 .... 46.4
Little Rock 438.437 21.1
Srringfleld. Ill 4 IS, 559 .... 6-2
Totals, U. S....$l.S2S,0o5,055 .... 22.3
Tttals outside New
York 6S6.339.421 .... 3.9
DOMINION OF , CANADA.
Mcntreal $14,455,601 .... 4.1
Toronto • 10.191.9W 2.7 ....
Winnipeg 1.719.214 .... 16.5
Halifax 1,519.879 6.5 U ....
Hamilton 727.943 .... 14.7
St. John, N. B 871.335 24.7 , ....
Vancouver 1.038,007 .... 13.3
Victoria 727.492 .\^ _4J
Totals $31,251,356 .... , 20
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Dim's Review of Trade.
half-barrels. 8^c: one tierce. 8%c; two tierces.
SHc; five tierces. 8»,ic per lb.
Hides, 'T allow, Wool and Hops.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about lc under quotations. Heavy saltM
Steers. $H^c: medium. S^c; Usht. 8c; Cow
hides, Sc; Stags, 6c; Salted Kip. 15c; Dry Ca!r.
15c: culls and brands, 12<v. Sheepskins. Shpar
lings. 20®30c each: short Wool. 30@50c each: m»
d-.um. 60^'SOc: lonjr Wool. 3Oc@tl 10 each: Hor<«e
Hides, salt, j:@2 23 for large, Jl 75 for medium.
II fcr small and SOc for colts: Horse hides, dry.
$1 50 for large, $1 23 fcr medium. $1 for small
and I5@30c for colts. Deerskins — Summer or red
skins. 33c; fall or medium skins. 30c: winter or
thin skins. 20c. Goatskins — Prim* Angoras, 75c;
large and smooth, 50c: medium. 35c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 4g4&c per lb; Xo.
J, 3#3itc; grease. fS3H&
WOOL— Spring clip Is quotable as follffwut
Northern, free. lS31Gc; Northern, defective. 12-9
14c: Middle County, free. 14<316c: Middle Coun
ty, defective, 12@14c; Southern Mountain, 13
months', WQlZc: Southern Mountain, free. 7
months'. HS12c; Southern Mountain, defective.
7 months'. 9®llc; Humboldt and Mendoclno. 15
4?17e: Nevada 13@16c per lb.
Fall Clip— San Joaquin. 6H'3Sc: do Lambs*. $
©9c: Middle County. SQllc per lb.
HOPS-Old. nominal at 5310c per lb; new,
10812c :.-.,vv
San Francisco Meat Market.
There la no further change In anythlSaT.
BEEF— 6®9c per lb for fair to choice.
i VEAL— Large. 7®Sc; email. ?%(@94c pw Ib.
MUTTON— Wethers. 7%@8c; ewes, 7©7^c per
pound.
LAMB— Spring. 8433c per Ib.
PORK— Live Hogs. 5%c for small. 8%o for me
dium and 5%e for large: stock Hogs and, feed
ers, 5©5!ic; dressed Hogs, 833&C.
General -MercJiandise.
BAGS— San Quer.t!n Bags, IS «5: Calcutta
Grain Bags, 6vic; Wool Bags. tS^SiV^a; Fleece
Twine. 714c: Prult Bags. 6H36%e for white and
8%©S»ic for bleached Jute.
COAL— Wellington. J3 per ton: Southfield
Wellington. $3; Seattle, $7; Bryant. |7; Coos
Bay, $5 50; Waliaend, $9; Co-operative Wall
send. J3: Cumberland. $12 in bulk and r.3 25 In
sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg. J14; Can
nel, $11 per ton; Coke, J1S per ton ia bulk and,
$1S in sacks; Rocky Mountain descriptions.
%S 45 per 20CO lbs. and fr iO per ton. according
to brand.
Harrison's circular says:
"There have been the foUa»r!ng datlverlea of
coal this week: Four from British Columbia
with 12.290 tons; two from Washington. $520
tons; one from Oregon. 400 tons; one from
Swansea, 2756 tons: total. 23,948 tons. We art
short this week fully 5000 tons from the amount
absolutely needed, which will force us to draw
from the small reserves now In yard. Tho
near approach of winter months will of eoume
create an Increased call for fuel for domestfts
use: for this ¦we axe very poorly equipped, but
there is yet ample time to make provision for
same within the next thirty or forty days, by
shifting their shipments from steam to domes
tic rrades. The absolute control of the <uet
market Is In the hands of flro colliery proprie
tors In British Columbia and Washington, as
the sparse arrivals of foreign grades cut no
figure whatever In this market. Crude oil Is
proving a substantial leaning post at this crit
ical season, and la serving to establish a uni
form value for all fuels, and there seems no
disposition on the part of well owners to In
crease their present standard prices. With the
numberless wells now being sunk In different
sections we may well feel assured that the
quantity produced will Increase for several
years to come. Hence it will eventually be
come one of the main factors in making the
market price for fuel locally."
SUGAR- The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany Quotes, per lb. In 100-lb bags: Cubes. A
Crushed and Fine Crushed, 6.90c; Powdered,
6.60c; Candy Granulated, 8.50c; Dry Granulated.
6.40c: Confectioners' A. 6.40c: Magnolia A. 6c;
Extra C, 5.90c; Golden C, 5.80c; barrels. 10o
more; half -barrels. 25c more; boxes, 50c more:
EO-lb bag-s, 10c more. No orders taken for less
than 73 barrels or its equivalent Dominoes,
half-barrels. 7.15c: boxes, 7.40c per lhw
Receipts of Produce.
FOR FRlDAT. SEPTEMBER 14
Flour, qr ska 8.412|Onions, «ks l.tZOr
Wheat, ctls lS.937|Pugar. sks 2.0<v>
Barley, ctls 85. 4"9 Shorts, sks loo
Oats, ctls S4n|Wool, sks 170
Corn, ctls... ....... 2 Hay. tons 1.325
Oieese, ctls 88|Llme. bbls »t
Butter, ctls Z38j£gga. doz 12 7M
Rye. ctls 1 800; Quicksilver, finks. 82
Beans, sks... TSllLcather. rolls 1M
Potatoes, sks t.l.iifWIne. gals ;... 29.3rv»
Bran, sks 833 ; Hldes, Na. 710
Middlings, Bks... S00 ! Pelts, bdls 45
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL NEWS
24%e; No. 8 white. 24®24%c; No. 2 rye. 62c:
good feeding barley, 39@33Hc; fair to choice
malting. 44@49c: No. 1 flaxseed, $1 50; No. 1
Northwestern, $1 51; prime timothy seed. $4 10@
4 30; mess pork, per barrel, $11 40®ll 4a; lard,
per 100 pounds, $6 72%@6 75; short ribs sides
(loose), $7 40@7 70; dry salted shoulders (boxed).
fi^b^^c; short clear 6ldes (boxed). $7 95® 8 05;
whisky, basis of high wtnes, $1 26; sugar, un
changed: clover, contract grade, $9 75.
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 15,000 2S.0OO
Wheat, bushels .330,000 256.000
Corn, bushels , 459.000 175.000
Oftta. bushels 450,000 233.000
Rye, bushels 14 000 1,000
Barley, bushels 56.000 2.0CO
On the Produce Exchange to-day the but
ter market was firm; creamery. 16H@2OHc:
dairy. HiSlSc. Cheese, firm; 10U@U%c. Egg3,
steady; fresh. 15c.
Foreign Futures.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— ..''••* Sept. Deo.
Opening 8 U4 < 3T4
Closing ;... 6 2 ( *%
PARIS, -
'Wheat— • . , Sept.. Jan.-ApL
Opening..... 20 65 23 15
Closing .....20 70 22 15
Flour— ¦ ,
Opening 26 30. IS 25
Closing ...; 26 SO 23 15
The recent arrivals of Oranges, especially. the
Seedllnes, are going off slowly. Watermelons
are. piling up and prices" are weak. Other
melons show no further change.
The feeling in Grapes is weaker, and prices
are lower.
Tree fruits are In ample supply at unchanged
prices.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS
APPLES—25^?5Oc per box for common and 60c
©$1 10 for good to choice.
PEARS — Bartlett. 75c<2r*l 25 per box; other va
rieties, 4O-5E6OC per box.
QUINCES-25ifi'5Cc per box.
CRANBERRIES— Coos Bay. $2 50 per box.
STRAWBERRIES— $3® 4 per chest for largo
and $i'57 for small berries.
BLACKBERRIES— f4(J5 per chest.
RASPBERRIES— $1^6 per chest
HTTCKLERERRIES— 2@5c per lb.
FIGS— 20@30c for slngla and 35Q^0o for double
layer boxes. *
POMEGRANATES— 50®75c per rmall box.
PLUMS— 25@40c per box and 35@65c per crate.
PEACHES— ."5@60c per box; in bulk, $20@3
per ton for freestones and clings.
GRAPES— Muscat. 40@60c per crate: Seedless.
$lf?l 10 per crate: black, 40C(i55c; Tokay. 40<®
60o; Isabella. S0@75c; Wine Grapes, $15@1S for
white and $20£25 per ton for ZInfandel.
MELONS— Nutmegs, SOiSJaOc per case; Canta
loupes, 50c6Jl 25 per crate: Watermelons J6a
IS, with extra large Rt $20-^25 per 100.
CITRUS FRUITS— Seedling Oranges. Jl^l 50;
Lemon*. Jt 25<S'2 for common and $3 50@3 for
good to choice: Mexican Limes, J3 50@t>; Ba
nanas. $1 50f52 50 per bunch; Pineapples, Jl 50©
S £0 per dozen. >>_
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
Fruit Is In fair demand on local account at
unchanged prices. Shipments from Interior
points eastward are up to the average for this
time of the year. Honey continues very firm.
FRUITS— Prunes. Santa Claras. 4 sizes. 3c; 40
60s. 7c: 50-6Os. 5Vic; 60-70s, 3%c; 70-SOs. 3Hc; 80-
SOs, 2%c; 90-lOCs, 2>*c; 100s and over, 2c; rubles.
Uc premium; Sonomas He and San Joaqulns \io'
less than Santa Claras, except 100s and over
which stand the same. Apricots, 6%@svio for
Royals and-10@12c for Moorparks; Evaporated
Apples. 6<86c: sun-dried. 3®4c; Peache3, 5tigju o
for standard. 6#fCHc for choice and 7@8c for
fancy;. Pears. 4@7c: Plums, pitted, 5©6c: un
pitted. l@lV4c; Nectarines, 5@3Vic for red and
S,\itS6o for white.
RAISINS— Bleached Thompson's fancy per
lb, 10c; choice, 9c; standard. 8c; prime 8c- un
bleached Thompson's, per ib. 6c. Sultaiias—
Fancy, per lb. »Hc: choice. 7Vic; standard. 6'*c
prime. Sc; unbleached Sultanas. 5c; Beedlesa
50-Ib boxes. 5c; 2-crown loose . Muscatels, a^sc'
3-crown, S^4c; 4-crown, 7c; London Layers 2
crown. $1 50 per box^J-erown. Jl 60; Fancy
Clusters. J2; Dehesa, J2 50; Imperial. J3. All
prices f.o.b. at common shipping points in Cal
ifornia.
NUTS— Walnuts. 8#10^c for standards and »
©lie for softshells; new Almcnds, 12@l3Uc for
paper shell, 9^@10c for Eastern and 5®6c for
California; Brazil Nuts. .Il@l2»ic; Filberts Y>&
13c: Pecans. ll©13c: Coceanuta. J3 .if.'d 5
HONEY. .Comb, l3H@i4>jc for bright and VKih>
13c for light amber: water white, extracted" !«
fi8c: light amber extracted. 707^:: dark' UiS
C l ic per lb. ¦ " '
BEESWAX— 24®26c per lb.
. Bacon has advanced. Hams are easy and un
changed. Other descriptions are quiet and *ca
tuiel EC.
;;•" CURED -MEATS-Bacon. lie per ; lb for
heavy, llMe for light medium, 13c for light, 13^4c
for extra light and 15»,4c for sugar-cured; East
ern sugar-cured Hams, 12fcc; Mess Beef. J12 per
bbl; extra Mess. 113; Family. $14; extra Prime
Pork. $15 50; extra clear. $19; Mess, $16 50;
Smoked Beef. 12V4®13o per lb. •
LARD— Tierces quoted at 7c per. lb- for com
pound and 9c for pure; half-barrels, pure, 9%c;
10-lb tins 9«4c; 6-lb tins, 9T«c.
, COTTOLENE-One-half barrel. 8%c; ttre«
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Butter rules very firm, with moderate stocks
nnd a good demand. Cheese continues dull and
In heavy supply.
Tho weakness in Eggs is rather more pro
nounced, and most dealers report a dragging
market. There Is no lack of supplies.
BUTTER—
Creamery— Fancy Creamery, 233J23»4c; extra
marks higher; Seconds, 2l!524»ic
Dairy— Fancy, 23'ic; good to choice, 22®23c;
common, 17%®21c.
Creamery tub — 20!ra22 1 ,ic per lb.
Pickled roll— 19®2i)c.
Firkin— lSS 19c.
CHEESE— New, 9c; fancy, 10c: old, 8tJ5Hc;
Young America. 10®10'ic; Eastern, 13%314c;
Western. 10»??12c per lb.
EGGS— Quoted at I7>£@22%e for store and 27«i
(gS2c per dozen for ranch; Eastern, 18S22^c'
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Toung Poultry continues in free supply and
cheap. Hens, too. are dragsring. stocks being
larger than the dema'nd. Old Pigeons are lower,
as the shooting demand is over.
Game rules firm, with light receipts.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys. 9@llc for Gobblers
and ll®12c for Hens: young Turkeys, 145516c;
Geese, per pair, $1 KS1 50; Goslings, $1 5(^1 75;
Pucks, J3'9'4 for old and $3@4 for young;
Hens. $3 50«J>5; Young Roosters. $4@4 50; OH
Roosters. {3 5O<@4; Fryers. $3@3 50; Broilers,
J2 80@3 for large and J2@2 50 for small : Pigeons,
iWl 23 per dozen for old and |1 73<g2 for
Squabs.
GAME — Doves. 50@73c per dozen; Cottontail
Rabbits. Jl 25(??1 50; Brush Rabbits., 75c@31;
Hare, ijl 23®1 M: Grouse, $S®9: Sage Hens, ;
Mountain Quail, $2 s Yn z per dozen.
Poultry and Game.
A car of Merced Sweets sold at the quota
tion. Other Potatoes were unchanged. Onions
have shown no variation for some time. Sup
plies of Vegetables continue large and low
prices are still quoted. , '
POTATOES*— Garnet Chiles, 50c; Early Rose,
Jj'SSOc; Burbanks. 3fl®5Oc for Rivers and
75cif?$l per ctl for Salinas; Sweets, TZoQXi for
Rlvor3 and Jl cO for Merced.
ONIONS— Yellow, 50#65c per ctl: Pickle
Onions. 60$?75o.
VEGETABLES— Green Corn, 65c®il per
pack, 73c<?tfl per crate for Berkeley and 75C8
II 25 for Alameda: Green Peas. 1<22%c per lb;
String Beans lS2c: Llmas. . 2f?3c per lb;
Cabbaue. 40JfTT.ec; Tomatoes, Rivers. 2O^30c:
Bay. 33<910e: Ecrg Plant. 35??50c per box; Green
Okra. 25®40c: Oreen Pepp«rs. 30^ 40c per box
for Chili and 30<g50c for Bell; t>rled Peppers,
IOISISc; Carrots. 25@35c per sack; Summer
Squash, 25@-40c for Alameda; Cucumbers, 25^>
SOc for Alameda; Pickles, $1@1 25 per ctl for Xo.
1 and 50@7jc for No. 2; Garlic, 3c per lb; Mar
rowfat Squash. $S@10 per ton.
New Blackeye and larce White Beans are
cominc In Blowly. The market Is dull and
prices show little change.
BBAXS— Baycs. $2 4002 B0: Small White. *»;
Large White. $2 50#2 75: Pink. 12 S5®2 SO; Red.
S3 25- Blackeye, $3 25; Lima, Id IS®* 25; Pea,
none here: Red Kidneys, & 25®3 50.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, nominal; Tellow
Mustard, 4c; Flax. J2©2 20; Canary. 3^4c per
lb for California and 4c for Eastern: Alfalfa,
nominal; Rape. 2%<33c; Hemp." 4Q>4^c; Tlm
° DRIED PKAS— Nlles, nominal; Green. $2 23©
2 SO per ctl; Blackaye, 52.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Bearis and Seeds.
There Is no further change in Bran.
In wlte of the heavy receipts of Hay the
market keeps up, and dealers are surprised at
the continued demand for export. Much of this
Is for military account In the Orient, as ship
ments for Russian and American account by
two ships aJone this week amount to at least
1400 tons. If this demand keeps up It will
make a hole In stocks after a while.
BRAN— *l*a>l» per ton.
MIDDLINGS— J16S19 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. $16#17 50 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, $26327; Jabbing,
*37 D0&2S; Cocoanut Cake. J20®21; Corn Meal.
*2G 50; Cracked Corn. »I7; Mixed Feed. $13 5(K©14.
HAT — Volunteer, {4 60©7; Wheat, $10312;
Wheat and Oat, J9 5O8>11 W; Oat. JSflO; Clover,
$4fi6; Alfalfa. S8®7 50; Barley, H »0®S 50 per
ton.
STRAW— 30@37%c per bale.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
FLOUR— California Family Extras, *3 60®
3 75, usual terms; Bakers* Extras. $3 40^3 50;
Oregon and Washington, J2 7503 10 per barrel
for family and $3 15@3 50 for bakers' ; Eastern.
»4 7605 75 per barrel.
MILLSTUFFS-Prices in sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour. $3 oer 100 lbs; Rye Flour." $2 73: live
Meal, S3 60; Rice Flour. *7: Corn Meal. *2 75;
extra cream do. $3 50; Oat Groats. 54 60: Hom
iny, $3 6C©3 75; Buckwheat Flour, J4@4 23;
Cracked Wheat. %S 50: Farina, $4 53: Whole
Wheat Flour. *3 23: Rolled Oats (barrels). J«
©7 25; in sacks. *5 75®7: Peaxl Barley. U:
Split Peas, J5; Green Peas, $5 60 per 100 lbs.
Flour and Millstuffs.
. CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— December— Xo sales.
Second Session — No' sales.
Regular Morning Session— December— 4000 cU».
73c; 4000, 72%C.
Afternoon Session— No sales.
OATS— Dealers reported an Improved mar
ket yesterday, the ton» being firmer and the
Inquiry more active. Prices, however, showed
no chanse.
V.'hlte. Jl 15@1 59: Surprise, Jl 35@1 40; Red,
»l 10@l 20; Gray. $1 1001 20: Black, for feed.
$1 10J21 15: for seed, $1 laftiM per ctl.
CORN — Nominal; none offering.
RYE— Steadily held, but dull, at S7%@90c per
Ctl.
BUCKWHEAT-Unquotable; none comins in.
grades : Brewing and Shipping grades, 77%©
SZ\ic; Chevalier, nominal. %
responding week of 1898; 3,675,290 bushels In
1S»8; 6,289,948 bushels In 1397 and 8,568,326 bush
els In 1S96.
From July l to ' date ' this . season wheat ex
ports are 34.9S3.843 bushels, against 42.012,795
bushels last season and 36,463,091 bushels In
1898-99.
BuslnesB failures in the United States for the
week number 167, as against 154 last week, 119
In the same week a year ago, 113 In 1S98, 169
In 1897 and 315 lu 1S96.
In the Dominion of Canada business failure*
for the week number 24, as against 26 last week,
24 in tHla week a year ago, 20 in 189S, 36 in
1897 and 41 in 1896.
THE SAN JFRA1S CISCO CALL, SATUKDAY, SEPTEMBER 15, 1900.
Family Retail Market.
• Bradstreet's on Trade.
LOCAL MARKETS.
10
¦ New York Stock Market. ¦
NEW TOUK. Pent. if.-The stock market
>ok on a much m^re decided tone to-day. In
leations of liquidation gathered force and in
le lat«- dealings the professional traders fell
pon the market, and offered prices down all
rv-und tire room. They met with considerable
lent* in bringing; out offprints at the Upline,
r.d whfn they covered on a moderate bc-jIc the
-.!!!<*!> Men to feeble that they renewed the at
-ir.i>t, making; the close of the market uuite
rtive and cany. The coalers u«>re the tocst
itable sufferers, though not '»n the larcest
illume of veiling r.n the list. New ler
•y Central 1HI 2^4 i-.irru and Lark-
and Ite«id5r.g fir^t preferred - lo^t
it a i*>lnt each- Hut the weak
tss was quite gen"ral and well dtrtributwl
irough the Jist, railroads and industrials Euf
¦rinjr alike. Sugar enjoyed a i-erlod of
renpth. but closed a point below last nljrht
he ttoel stocks were'irenerally heavy and a
;mber ft them were eff a rioint or over The
K-al traction group. Union Bag preferred
tchiMB preferred. Missouri Pacific. Southern
arittc. Burlington. I^uisvllle. Ilaltlrncre and
hk»..Kanra« end Teras preferred and r.'orth
¦n Pacific preferred were down from 1 to t%'.
rowing uneasiness over the effects of the coai
iners' strike and fears of higher money rates
mibineii to cause the reaction. Wall strw-t
is indulged a comfortable assumption that
n? dispute with tbe anthra<-ite coal miners was
i lie. settled before the curtailment of produc
on proceeds far. but today's news that mln
t whose fupfiy of power was exhausted were
.yins down their tools wlthuut buying fre«h
ippli<»s disiK>;!ed no«t of the optimistic feel
.g. The finttneial world •"¦etned to awake
fnerr.lly to-day to the realization that the
ntttoua Poaaqvatfagn displayed by the world'*
•fai banks was warranted by foreknowledge,
ondon 'lifCQunts liavc hardened sharply and
<Kki xi'<t(z sold in New York for l^tnOon ac
:ur.t, "i he sterling rxchanse rate recovering a
action The official announcement or the
ibscriptlon by N'«w York bankers to the Ger
aTi treasury bond issue of' 80,000.000 marks
nphasized tbe uneaflness of the effect of this
IT.e bond market did cot eb&re In tbe late
New York Grain and Produce.
Calif ornia Fruit Sales.
Articles— Open. .High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 3— ¦¦;<¦--..-
September ........... 75% 76 75 75
October ; .. 76% -76*4 75% 7SH
November 76T-8 "V»- 76>i 76^i
Corn Xo. 2—
September ........... 40!i 41' :40% 40&i
October,... 39<i . * 39& ¦ ZS% 391*
November...... .36% 37 36% ,. 36%
Oats No. 2 — • - ¦-¦¦•"
September ...%...... 21% • 21% 21H 21*J
October,. ...:. ..:... 22 : ¦ !22«4 / . 21%- 2Hi
November ;......... "2% ; 22% " 22U. 22Vi
- Mess pork, " per barrel — ' ' . V ' ¦¦¦*- * • -¦¦'•
October •.. .....11 42»4 .11 45 11 40 > 11 40
January ....... .11 32V4 " 32% 11 25 ; -U 25
• Lard, per; 100 pounds— "' . '
October ..............6 77% 6 77^4 6 72V4 6 72^
November ........;. fi 75 6 75 6 72ij . 6 72U
lanuary ............ 6 55 6 B7H 6 65 6 55 ¦
Short ribs, per 100 pounds —
September ...... 7 45 • 7 45 - " • 7.40' ' .7 40
October ............ 7 22W 7 30 7 22^ 7 22tf
January 6 02^-6 02^-6 97jy 6 00
Articles— Open. .High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 3— ¦¦;<¦--..-
September ........... 75% 76 75 75
October ; .. 76% -76*4 75% 7SH
November 76T-8 "V»- 76>i 76^i
Corn Xo. 2—
September ........... 40!i 41' :40% 40&i
October,... 39<i . * 39& ¦ ZS% 391*
November...... .36% 37 36% ,. 36%
Oats No. 2 — • - ¦-¦¦•"
September ...%...... 21% • 21% 21H 21*J
October,. ...:. ..:... 22 : ¦ !22«4 / . 21%- 2Hi
November ;......... "2% ; 22% " 22U. 22Vi
- Mess pork, " per barrel — ' ' . V ' ¦¦¦*- * • -¦¦'•
October •.. .....11 42»4 .11 45 11 40 > 11 40
January ....... .11 32V4 " 32% 11 25 ; -U 25
• Lard, per; 100 pounds— "' . '
October ..............6 77% 6 77^4 6 72V4 6 72^
November ........;. fi 75 6 75 6 72ij . 6 72U
lanuary ............ 6 55 6 B7H 6 65 6 55 ¦
Short ribs, per 100 pounds —
September ...... 7 45 • 7 45 - " • 7.40' ' .7 40
October ............ 7 22W 7 30 7 22^ 7 22tf
January 6 02^-6 02^-6 97jy 6 00
AUCTION SALE by- Electrio Light TUESDAY
EVENING. September IS. 1300. at 7:30.
lfO Head Splendid Horses. Stock now on »r-
hlbitlon. OCX'IDEXTAL HORSE EXCHANGE.
721 Howard street.Accused of Embezzling ; Gold.
R. H. Duncan, a machinist, was arrest
ed yesterday on a. warrant charglngihlm
with felony embezzlement. The complain
ing witness, r William Klngsbury, 1156
Broadway.- Oakland; -accuses -him of -ap
propriating gold of. the value of fTO.that
was left In his. custody.'
• The NewOcciaent. of which Rev. Jacob
Nieto ; is j the | editor,' . in ¦ its ', second | number,
which was out yesterday, had a large'and
interesting ; collection of news and . edito
rial comment of general concern, and es
pecially - to , the ' Hebrew ? race. - The * typo-'
graphical appearance is excellent.- A pic
ture ;ofr the Pacific, Hebrew Orphan Asy
lum appears on the title page.
The • New Occident.
Retail Clerks Will Organize.
The retail clerks sent a notification to
the San Francisco Labor Council at Its
meeting last night announcing that they
would organize as a union at such time
as the council would be ready to admit
them. It was decided that the meeting
be held at 102 O'Farrell street n*xt Tues
day evening for that purpose. The Milk
erf' Union reqnei5t«d the secretary of the
Labor Council to communicate with Louis
Augustine 'and A. Saner of. Saccamento
County, who are extensive cheese manu
facturers, to adopt the union hours in
their factories. The Bear Club, a political
organization, has unthinkingly -locked
horns with the Musicians' Union'^byJlts
employment * of a scab band. In conse
quence of conciliatory correspondence be
tween the parties the -whole subject mat
ter was referred to the executive commit
tee for amicable ceuiement,.
The Associated Veterans of , the. Mexi
can AVar gave a banquet last night at a
downtown restaurant in "commemoration
of the entrance of the American troops
into the ¦ city of Mexico fifty-three years
ago. Those present were: \W C. Bur
nett, president; J. C. Layton, vice presi
dent; William L. Duncan, secretary; Syd
ney J. Loop." treasurer; Robert Cleary,
marshal: George Thlstleton. H. Koster,
Peter Cassin, J. . S. Bekeart, Francis
Rooney,- J. Benson, Kred -- Schaupp,
Charles Harrold, Henry. Schwartz, Isaac
Monroe Baker. J.' C. Walker, Edward De
laney. Colonel A. A. Andrews, Edwin A.
Sherman. G. C. Dean, W. C. Rugh,
Charles Lange. H. XV. Kurlbaum , and
John Murphy. Colonel Andrews i sang
several comic songs- during the feast.
Our Oldest Veterans.
- OAKLAND,., Sept. 14.— The compromise
of the contest over the Patton estate will
be finally effected to-morrow morning,
when the case , comes up before Judge
Greene. The parties. to the litigation wero
all In court this morning apparently eager
for a settlementi'but the matter was post
poned until to-morrow.' - .
-; According 4oUhe; terms of the compro
mise; Mrs. Amerman, to whose annuity
of. $M0 a year, the, other Patton.heirs:ob
jected, is to receive $2900 in cash.' ¦¦'
COMPROMISE PERFECTED
INvTHE PATTON CASE
NEW ANNUITY SOCIETY
RECEIVES ITS REPORTS
>t a meetlnar of the newly incorporated
Teachers' Annuity Association held yes
terday the following were announced as
officers and director* of the society: Pres
i*Vnt. I>. A. Jordan; vice president. C. L.
:.T;mn: vice president. T. H. McCarthy;
recording secretary. Mrs. E. M. Worth;
financial eeeretary. Miss L. Fowler.
The finance committee is composed of
the following: J. Sturges. Miss K. Stin
t**n. ¦
The director? are as follow?: Mrs. M.
Prajr. Miss T. C Stohr. Mrs. E. JC. North.
Miss E. SUncer. Mrs. C. Sturges. T. H.
McOarth£ and I>. A. Jordan.
There are between live and Fix hundred
members ;slreaay enrolled, and the asso
ciation has* a fund of $10,000.
The report of the finance committee
t-hows a balance of J7C2 95. The treasur
4r"s report of receipts and disbursements
} . es to the association $9852 23. this being
'e year's receipts from December 15 to
August 18. Thtre Is also a deposit In
the Hibernia Bank of *1496 95.
Unwholesome Beef Condemned.
Chief Sanitary Inspector Chalmers con
demned a lot of unwholesome beef at
Warren's camp yesterday. He pronounced
the stuff which was about to fed to the
laborers unlit for human .consumption
and had It sent to the fertilizing- works.
The butchers v.ho supplied the beef ap
peared at the Health Office. and threat
ened to do all sorts of things to Chalmers,
but finally concluded to retire peacefully
lrom th<» scene. Iffiftj
OAKLAND. Sept. 14— Sheriff Parker of
Tulare County is In Oakland collecting
evidence in the case of Jack Howard, who
is in jail charged with defrauding Tulare
County- In "squirrel . bounty . collections.
The Sheriff claims that Howard, assisted
by one Nottingham and G. AValliser, con
cocted a scheme to ship squirrel tails
Irtto Tulare County, from Oakland In enor
mous quantities and collect from j that
county^the bounty allowed .for the killing
of the pests. He asserts tf.at during the
year an organized gang has shipped 100,
000 squirrel tails into Tulare County, col
lecting more than $4000 for them. Howard
is now awaiting trial In Tulare. ;
SEARCHING FOR EVIDENCE
OF BOUNTY FRAUDS
Fire Department Telephones.
Auditor Wells announced yesterday that
he will not permit the Fire Commission
to pay for Its telephones out of the funds
appropriated to its use. The decision of
the special committee to order the com
mission to pay for Its own telephones is
held by the Auditor to be a violation of
tho charter, though It- was acquiesced in
bv the Mayor. \The Fire Department tele
phones cost $400 per month, and the Au
ditor's decision will complicate the diffi
culties arising over the special appropria
tion for teleohones. which .was reduced
from $15,000 last year to $7000 for this.
The News Litter Sounds Its Note to
Awaken the People to Re
newed Efforts.
A special number cf the News Letter,
i illustrating California industries, will be
! out to-day. In a leading article the scope
i of the number is set forth with refreshing
vigor and breeriness. "San Francisco,"
fo reads the text, "needs more boosters.
' boasters and enthusiasts: more local pride
¦ and spirit, more business glneer. • • •
! We are too conservative, too timid as to
i our own resources. There is more than
! climate in and about San Francisco. Line
! up. fellow citizens, and take notice. Our
| manufactories support between 30.000 and
i 40.000 people. They ought to support be
tween 300,000 and 400,000. It is our fault
that they do not."
So it continues for a whole pasre.
! The pictures are first class, the writing
excellent and comprehensive. This trib
ute is paid to Claus Spreckels for his gift
: of the music stand^at Golden Gate Park:
j "The Immense crowd that attended the
dedication of the park music stand— the
i largest assemblage. It is said. In the
: park's history— attested the general and
; popular appreciation for Claus Spreckels'
; munificent gift. • • • To the fitness of
Mr. Spreckels' gift as an expression of
his love for the home of his adoption
there can be no possible demurrer. It
records In enduring form the characteris
tic German' estimate of the supreme pow
er of music In the discipline and educa
tion of a people. It is undoubtedly des
tined to the ranks of a recognized Insti
tution In California, working wholesome
result* and tending to simplicity and san
ity In the popular mind. •••¦•'• The gift
Is deserving of the recognition It has al
ready received and of the lasting grati
tude of the citizens of this city and
State."
PICTURES ILLUSTRATE ;
INDUSTRIES OF STATE
OAKI^AND, Sept. 14.— The Reliance Club
will give a gentlemen's night on Tuesday
evening. September 25. An attractive
programme • of three ten-round boxing
contests has been arranged. The boxers
who will mpet in the ring are clever per
formers and" some exciting goes are ex
pected.
Jack Capollss of the Reliance Club will
meet Tom Herman of San Francisco at
122 pounds. Doc Flvnn of San Francisco
and Ben Hart of Stockton will try con
clusions at 135 pounds and Charles Thurs
ton of San Francisco and Henry. Lewis,
145-pound men, will try each other out.
The men are all In hard training and
promise to be In good condition when they
enter the ring.
EVENING OF BOXING
AT RELIANCE CLUB
Mammoth Circus.
Rinplins? Brothers, who fifteen years agro
were carrying a small overland show, vis
iting the smaller towns of Wisconsin,
have to-day the largf-st canvas tents In
the world, a complete menagerie with
animals g^therr-d from a'.! parts of tbe
world, th* largest show train on earth,
and are sa!<l to fce makinj; more money
than any show that travels. One needs
only to make a trip to the little c!ty of
T'.araboo. on the line of the Northwestern
Hitllroad. fifty m!les north of Madison.
¦\V!?.. to find a town where "RlnjrHng!-" is
a household word, and where every man
r-nn tell you a!l about the early history
of trie five brother*.
On one corner of the pquar*- in that city
i5 n little brick bank, and the man who
*:ands befclr.d the counter doesn't b!ash
trnrh wbea he tells yon that he loaned
A If. Ringlingr the first J100 that enabled
thr boys to pet their first show wapon
made. The little banker might go far
? h» r and tell how the people laughed at
him for "throwine; away his money," but
he saw In the rive . younp hwstlers the
H<-ments of success, and decided to
"stand for them." The Rfnglings had
their first headquarters in a small country
livery stable, which still stands to mark
tfveir first beyln^inp. under the shadow
of tho palatial winter quarters which
have K2nce been erected.
Hlr.plins: Brothers have long since out
crnwn Baraboo. but they live In the plc
lurcscjue lltUe Wisconsin city when they
are at home, and are always glad to pet
back to the rite of their first endeavors.
From Sraall Beginning the Five
Brothers Have Acquirred a;
GREAT SUCCESS OF THE
RINGLINGS BIG SHOW
Albert Drucker. a dealer in timber
lands, with an office at 31S Bush street,
was arrested on Kearny street yesterday
bv Policeman Jacks.on,* at the instance of
David Martin, a Third-street pawnbroker,
who accused Drucker of having obtained
J50 from'him by trick ond device. Drucker
was taken to the California-street police
Etation. _
Martin said Drucker entered his office
last Saturday night and asked a loan of
$50 on what Martin thought was a dia
mond ring. Martin advanced the money,
and the next day discovered that -the
stone was not a diamond, but a white
topaz, worth, according to his estimate,
only 25 cents.
Fraud.
Causes Arrest of Albert Drucker, a
Real Estate Agent, for Alleged
PAWNBROKER FOOLED
BY A WHITE TOPAZ
OAKLAND, Sept 14.— Mrs. Bridget
Hayes died at 716 Franklin street last
night under circumstances which will ne
cessitate a Coroner's Inquest. The woman
had been sick for several' days, but it was
not until -a few hours before her death
that Dr. Rowe was called to attend her.
The deceased had frequently applied at
the Receiving Hospital for treatment of
cuts and bruises which she received in
domestic altercations. Dr. Rowe refused
to "issue a certificate In the case on the
ground that the woman's death might
have been caused by complications aris
ing from her former injuries.
Mrs. Hayes was a native of Ireland, 55
years nf age.- ¦ ¦ ¦
CORONER TO INVESTIGATE
DEATH OF MRS. HAYES
Splendid Benefit Performances Given
in Aid of the Presbyterian
Mission Home.
A series of charmingly quaint entertain
ments are being held at the Presbyterian
Mission, 920 Sacramento street, the pro
ceeds of which arc to go to swell the funds
that have been depicted by the benevolent
work of the mission in connection with its
local Chinese rescue work.
At the yesterday afternoon and evening
entertainment? the Chinese chiMren of
the mission homes contributed largely to
the programme. Tiny tots, some not more
than three years old. In all the glory of
their gorgeous Oriental dress, sang and
recited. The pjrogramme yesterday aft
ernoon was:
March; chorus, school; recitation. "The Kind
of Doctor a Boy "Likes," Ah On; duet and
chorus, "Massa's in the Cold, CoM Ground,"
Ah Lou. Foon Ying, Chun Fah, Foong Seen;
recitation. , Ah On; eolo and chorus. "Old Ken
i tucky Home." Foon -Ting, Chun Fah, Foong
Seen; solo. "Annie Laurie," Yow Ho: recita-
I tlon, "One, Two, Three," Ah Lon; duet. Ah
I Lou. Foong Ying, accompanied by Suey Seen;
Chinese orchestra; solo, Miss Van Pelt; piano
Bolo, Miss Van- Pelt.
In the evening the following programme
was presented:
Chinese orchestra; quartet, Yow Ho, Teen
Fook, Chole Que, Suey Seen: dialogue.
Teen Kook and Yow Ho: chorus. "Nellie Was a
Lady;" reading:, Mrs. Sylvia Chapman Mar
tin; solo. Miss Anderson; duet, "How Can I
Leave Thee?" Yow Ho and Euey Seen.
The entertainment for to-day, both aft
ernoon and evening:, will Include the best
numbers of yesterday's programme, be-
I sides a splendid exhibition of Oriental
stuffs and curios. . '
CHINESE SING AND
RECITE FOR CHARITY
Camplaint Made to the Commission
ers That Railroads Discriminate
Against Los Angeles.
The Los Angeles Traffic Association by
Us president. M., H. Newmark, has filed
with the State Board of Railroad Com
missioners a complaint against the rail
road companies running out of that city.
The charge is that the several railroad
companies are discriminating ag-alnst the
Los Angeles jobbers in rates and charges
for carrying goods and merchandise to tne
cities intermediate. • ¦ \
The complainant quotes the railroads,
schedules of rates between Los Anseles
and San Francisco and the Intermediate
poir.ts. The claim is made that the rail
roads unjustly discriminate in favor of
San Franclscr jobbers on all classes of
goods and merchandise. •
The commission is petitioned to set aside
the present rates and establish new ones
based on equity. The Commissioners will
i take up the matter at sn early day.
SOUTHERN JOBBERS
FIGHTING FOR TRADE
BERKELEY, Sept. 14.— The news of
the secret wedding of Miss Anne C.
Thomas and Paul E. Fergusson in
San Rafael has caused great sur
prise among their numerous friends in the
college town. Although the young peo
pte had been going tosether for some time
past, there had been no formal engage
ment and no intimation of a wedding.
MUS. PAUL E. FERGUSSON.
(Photo by Belle-Oudry.)
Sighted on Jackson Street in Com
pany With Two Other Youths,
but Manages to Make
His Escape.
Albert Lukes, the youth who stabbed
and killed seventeen-year-old Daniel Har
ney on Mason street about two weeks ago
and who has been a fugitive since that
time, gave Special Police Officer William
Thompson an exciting run last evening,
finally escaping in the crowds in China
town. <
Special Officer Thompson and Policeman
James Connolly spent several days on
the trail of Lukes after the crime was
committed. • They were both well ac
quainted with the culprit, he having re
sided in their district. Recently Connolly
resumed his beat and the chase was for
a time given up. The police .were con
fident, however, that Lukes had not lefr
the city and his description was read to
every officer in the department.
Last night Thompson saw Lukes on
Jackson street in the company of two
other boys. The policeman immediately
gave chase and the trio turned Into Powell
street. From Powell they rushed Into
Washington and were soon in Chinatown.
Once !n the Chinese quarter the three
mingled in the crowds and escaped into
an alley. Thompson spent some time at
tempting to get on the trail again, but
was unsuccessful. • .
Boy Slayer Evades Special
Officer Thompson in
Chinatown.
YOUNG LUKES
GIVES POLICE
ALONG CHASE
George Webster, a Teamster,
Charged With Petty
Larceny.
Theodore Weise, His Employer, Is
Also Taken Into Custody for
Receiving Stolen Prop- /,
erty.
Theodore Weise. proprietor of the West
ern Bottling Works at Sixth and Klnx
streets, was arrested ytsterday afternoon
on a warrant Issued out of Judge Conlan'»
court charging him with receiving stolen
property. The complaint was sworn to by
Peter Lewin, a detective for the Southern
Pacitlc Company. Weise was released on
$100 cash pall.
The officials of the company have been
missing bales of hay Iv>m the yard that
adjoins Welse's bottling works and Lewm
was 'detailed to investicate. He kept a
close watch on the yard and Thursday af
ternoon he saw. George Webster, a team
ster In Weise's employ, drive Into the yard
and load a bale of Lay Into his wagon.
Lcwln promptly placed Webster under ar
rest and when nuestioned he admitted
that he had been stealing the bales and
that Welse had connived at the thefta.
Lewln went to VVttet'l bam and dis
covered two other bnlrs of hay that had
been stolen and in the lift was a largs
quantity of hay. but as it was loose there
was ro means of lu~nti*yir.g it as the
property of the company.
"I spoke to Weisc about It," said Lawtn
yesterday, "and he seamed to treat tho
matter with indifference. He said he was
willing to pay for the two bales In his
barn and there was no use of making any
bother About it. After I reported the
facts I was instructed to have him arrest
ed for receiving stolen property."
Webster, the teamster, appeared before
Judge Conlan yesterday but the case was
continued Jr. view of the fact that the
warrant had been sworn out for Welse's
arrest and the nroseoutlon wanted both
cases tried at the same time. Attorney
Frank Kelly, who represents the com
pany, said yesterday that the cases would
be prosecuted
ARRESTED FOR
STEALING HAY
FROM RAILROAD
ARTILLERYMEN
DO GOOD WORK
IN PHILIPPINES
Brave Troopers Will Receive
Certificates of Merit
Froin Congress.
Men of the Third Artillery Make
Enviable Eecords — California
Horses Purchased for the
German Army.
Conspicuous acts of gallantry by Uncfe
Sam's soldiers are not of rare occurrence,
but the officers of the Third Artillery have
every reason to be proud of the many
brave deeds performed by their men, who
have for the past two years been sta
tioned in the Philippines. In the mail
brought from Manila on the Hancock is
a long list of names of brave soldier?
whose conduct on the firing line caused
their officers to recommend that they be
granted certificates of merit, which in the
eyes of an enlisted man is of as much Im
portance as the brevet granted an officer.
Sergeants C. A. Fuller, Ed Mytron.
James Barrett and W. C. Reid of Battery
L; Chester Murphy. August Berteler. Ed
gar Smale, Michael Verley, L. E. Cheat
ham, R. E. Cronin, G. W. Moore and W.
Montgomery, who since died from his
wound?, of Battery K; and Fred Bell of
Battery H are among those who per
formed feats of daring on the firing line
that won for them the regard and esteem
of their officers and a recommendation
that they be awarded the much-prized
certificate of merit. The possession of the
parchment by a soldier means an Increase
in his pay and the knowledge that his
services en the field of battle are appre
ciated by Uncle Sam.
Agents of the German Government have
been in San Mateo during the past week
purchasing hqrse3 for the use of the Ger
man army in China. One thousand ani
mals were bought and are now on the
ranch owned by Miller & Lux near Menlo
Park. A force of twenty-five cowboys is
engaged in breaking them, as the agents
purchased only young horses. They will
i be kept on the ranch until thoroughly
broken to harness and saddle and will
then bo shipped to the Orient.
Second Lieutenant R. W. Briggs, Twen
ty-fifth Infantry, reported at headquar
ters yesterday and was assigned to duty
at the Presidio awaiting the arrival of
his regiment.
Tho marriage caused quite a stir In so
ciety circles. •
Mrs. Fergusson was a popular belle oc
the -town. She Is a remarkably beauti
ful young woman and her pleasing man
ner has always won her many friends.
Immediately after the wedding In San
Rafael the young couple journeyed to Los
Angeles, which city Is to be their future
home. Mr. Fergusson is'engaeed in busi
ness there.
USED HIS GUN ON A
RESTAURANT-KEEPER
Martin Frowe Is Wanted for Assault*
ing Charles Groshens "With
ing Charles uroshsns With a
The police are looking for a man 'named
Martin Frowe. who la wanted for an as
sault with a deadly weapon. Last even
ing he went to a restaurant kept by
Charles Groshens at 106 Second street
and taking offense at some remark mad<»
by the proprietor he struck him on the
head with a revolver, inflicting an ugly
wound.
MINER AND HIS COIN
PARf ON BARBARY COAST
Picked Up in Unconscious Condition
at Pacific and Kearny Streets and
Taken to the California-
Street Station.
Joseph Snowden, a mining man from
Pueblo, Colo., claims he was robbed of
$500 in gold coin and greenbacks Wednes
day evening on Barbary Coast. He was
picked up unconscious from the liquor he
had drank, at the corner of 'Pacific and
Kearny streets, by Policeman R. G. Skain
and booked at the California-street police
station on a charge of. drunkenness. "When
searched he had $96 SO and a valuable gold
watch still in his possession.
Snowden came to this city to attend the
Admission day celebration. On Wednes
day he started out to "do the line" and
had a number of drinks in saloons along
Kearny street. He finally turned into Pa
cific street and after visiting several of
the drinklng-houses found his brain In a
¦whirl and went out on the sidewalk. Soon
afterward he became stupefied and fell to
the pavement. He claims to have start
ed out with over $600 In his pockets. Half
of this amount was In a bag and tho re
mainder in loose coin and greenbacks.
He spent only a few dollars, but foolishly
made a display of his wealth while In the
resorts.
Babbi Magnes to Preach.
Rabbi Julian Leon Magnes will preach
the sermon In the Temple Emanu-El this
morning. He will occupy Dr. Voorsang
f r's pulpit during the latter's absence
from the city. .
JAPANESE ATTEMPT TO
SHUT OUT WHITE GIRLS
S. Mlho, a Japanese cigarette-maker,
has sued the John Bollman Company to
recover $299 99 for alleged breach of con
tract. Mr. Bollman employed white glrla
to make cigarettes and Miho claims that
Bollman agreed to employ only Japanese.
In other words, the Japanese tried to shut
American girls out of work In an Amer
ican factory- They formed a union anJ
for a time' forced Bollman to give them
the work. He sent East and engaged
an expert to come here to instruct Rirls
to make cigarettes. They learned
quickly and gradually displaced the
Japanese. Then the members of the
Japanese trades union broke away and
sought work at less price than they had
demanded. Some were permitted to work.
Mlho sues not only Bollman, but also
a member of the Japanese Cigarette
makers' Union to collect a fine as a pen
alty for breaking the rules of the organi
zation.
Mr. Bollman says that he is replacing
the Japanese with white girls as fast as
possible.
CLOB PRIMARY
AGAIN FOISTED
UPON DEMOCRATS
Off All Protest Against
Unfair Features.
o '
A Democratic primary election to
choose delegates to a county convention
will be held next Friday evening, but it
will not be Democratic. Only those who
happen to be enrolled in the Bryan and
Stevenson Clubs or who have the favor
of the organization committee and the
district county committeemen. will be al
lowed to have a voice in the selection of
delegates who are to tame the candidates
for whom all good Democrats will be ex
pected to vote. s ' » Zi
So much was decided last night at a
meeting of the Democratic County Cen
tral Committee at Native Sons' Hall. Two
members of the committee had the
temerity to suggest that the opposition,
where there was any, should be allowed
representation at the polling places, but
they were informed that the organization
committee would attsiid to little details
of the programme such as that and they
dutifully subsided. -
Jasper McDonald, chairman of the
County Central CommUtee, was not pres
ent at the meeting, and on motion of
"Orator" Thomas Hit key "RoEy" Ma
guire was chosen as temporary chairman.
Thomas E. Curran, secretary of the or
ganization committee, lead the plan for
the primary as follows:
To the Democratic City and County Commit
tee of San Francisco, Cal.— Gentlemen: Your
committee on organization recommends:
First— That a Democratic City and County
Convention be Iwld in the city and county of
Pan Kranclseo, on Thursday evening. Septem
ber ;:, A. D. 1900. to make nominations for
members of the Legislature. Superior Judges
and Justices of the Peace, to be voted for at !
the general election, to be held on the 6th day
of November, A. D. 1300.
Second— That the said convention be com-
I>osed of Z*Z delegates, to be chosen from' the
eighteen Assembly districts in said city and
county, as follows:
Twenty-eighth Assembly District. 10 dele
gates; Twenty-ninth, 12; Thirtieth. 12; ThlrO'
flrst, 14; Thirty-second. 11: Thirty-third, 11;
Thirty-fourth. 17: Thirty-fifth, 12: Thirty-sixth,
10; Thirty-wenth. IS; Thirty-eighth, 15; Thir
ty-ninth, 14; Fortieth. 15; Forty-flrst, 13. Fcrty
seeend. 10; Forty-third, 6; Forty-fourth, 10;
Forty-fifth. 7.
Third— That the delegates from each of the
eighteen Assembly districts to the said con- j
ventlon be elected by club roll primary elec
tion, on Friday evening. September 21, between j
the hours or 7:30 o'clock and 10 o'clock, and i
that the sail election t>e held in *he Bryan and |
Stevenson Democratic Primary Election Clubs, j
as now formed in each of the said eighteen As- I
8embly district?, under the management and
control of the committee on organization of the
County Committee, and E^eh additional enroll
ment of Democrats tn raid clubs as may be
made on Tuesday evening, September 21, 1300,
as hereinafter orovided. j
Fourth— That the said Bryan and Stevenson |
Democratic Primary Klection Clubs* rolls be
opened la each of the said eighteen Assembly
districts for further enrollment of Democrats,
en Tuesday evening, September IS, between the
hours of 7:30 o'clock and 10 o'clock, at the fol- ;
lowing places: j
Twenty-eighth Assembly District. Armory
Hall, Second and Folsom streets; Twenty-ninth.
S24 Howard street; Thirtieth, 1C37 Mission
Ftreet: Thirty-first. Teutonia Hall. Howard
street; Thirty-wccond, :>Z<> Third street; Thirty- :
third, Twenty-fourth street and Potrero ave
nue; Thirty-fourth, 2IT7 Mission ftreet: Thirty
fifth. 2^22 Mission Ftreet: Thirty-sixth, Duven
ick's Hall. Twenty-fourth and Church streets:
Thirty-seventh, Phelps' Hall. Devisadero street;
Thl rty -eighth. <Ci McAllister street: Thirty
ninth. Saratoga Hall: Fortieth. Franklin Hall,
1*33 Fillmore street: Forty-flrst, Tilton Hall,
19S Union street: Fort^second, Golden Gate
Hail. 6*1 Slitter street: Forty-third. California.
Hall. C20 Bash street; Forty-fourth, Union and
Powell streets; Forty-flrih. Garibaldi Hall, 423
Broadway, and the enrollment be conducted
under the supervision of three members of the
County Committee. Respectfully yours.
ORGANIZATION COMMITTEE.
An.lrew G. Maguire, chairman; Thomas E.
Curran, secretary; M. C. Hassett, P. J. To
malty. George McGillivray. Dr. Thomas B. W.
I Inland and Samuel Braunhart.
J. F. Renault of the Thirty-first Dis
trict asked whether the primary was to
be run as the last one for the choice of
delegates to the State Convention without
allowing the opposition to have represen
tation at the polling places. Curran ex
plained that the question would be one
for the organization committee to de
cide. A motion waj hastily made and
carried adopting the itport of the com-
I mltlee ar.d ordering the call for the prl
i mary issued.
Victor Martini of the Forty-fourth Dis
trict, somewhat later in the meeting,
brought the question up again and de
manded a roll call on it. Maguire told him
he was out of order, that the organiza
tion committee would look out for that
detail. The committee promptly ad
journed in order to prevent any unpleas
ant discussion of Gavin McNab's plan for
a hermetically sealed primary.
Before the Martini Incident Thomas E.
Curran called attention to the need of
rapid registration of voters who had neg
lected to attend to that matter. County
committeemen were urped to remind vot
i r-rs of their districts of the necessity of
j registering at once.
On motion of M. C. Hassett the chair
man v/as authorized to appoint a commit
tee of five to consult v.ith the State Cen
tral Committee on matters of common
concern. - •.. '
County Central Committee Adopts
Flan as Reported and Chokes
Delegates.
Opposition to Have No Share
in the Selection of
REVOLT AGAINST
MARTIH KELLY
STILL GROWING
mittees.
Bergerot Keeping His Own
Counsel Regarding Com-
Indignation In Republican ranks over
the spectacle of Martin Kelly dictating
to the County Convention is still at a
white heat and shows no sign of cooling.
On all sides Is heard tho declaration that
it is the duty of all decent men who were
fhoseQ as delegates to the convention to
We on hand to the man next Thursday
'to see that Kelly's rounders are outnum
bered and outvoted in the serious work
of the convention.
It is evident that Burns and Herrin are
Clad to accept KeJly's assistance but are
not ¦willing to face the storm aroused by
the saloon boss' convention manipula
tions. The efforts they and their lieuten
ants aj-e making to stand from under
should not Oecetve decent Republicans.
There would have been no attempt at os
tentatious repudiation of Kelly had he
not paraded his obnoxious self in open
convention.
Two days have passed Fince P. A. Ber
gerot was chosen chairman of the County
Convention by the vote of the henchmen
of the bosses. l>e*pite his assertions that
no committees had been programmed for
him and that he intended to consult free
ly with the party leaders before making
such appointments, no such conference j
has', been soupht by him. Not only has)
h» not asl;ed the advice of any of the anti
boss leader? in the various districts or on
the County Central Committee, but he has
neglected "the formnlity of seeing the
lesser lights among the boss cohorts. Th«
••iinvlction is spreading that he will name i
the committees when the list is furnished j
him by the power behind his little throne, j
At Democratic Headquarters.
A general meeting of the Democratic
State Central Committee will be held at
the Democratic headquarters in the Cali
fornia Hotel next Wednesday afternoon
at 2 o'clock. The committee has a large
force fit work every day sending out cam
1 aJcn literature to the National Commit
u-fraen, who attend to its distribution in
th^ir districts. The committee is making
« xter.Five arrangements for the opening
• •t the campaign in this city at the Me- i
< haiv.c^' Pavilion on the evening of the
!2<L Ctuuiea A. Towne is to be the prin- j
. zj<al speaker. It is likely that a torch
light parade will precede the rally.
Democrats I/aying Plans.
A meeting of the Democratic State Cen
tral Committee has been called for next
« vWdm-eday at 2 p. m. It Is announced
that the meeting is for a general discus- i
rtoa of campaign plans ar.d methods. The !
Towns meeting on September 22 will be I
i he opening raJly of tho Democratic cam
paign. • • - , msmwj a
German Orator Coining.
! :-wir.g the great rally of last night
one »;!! be held for the German-Ameri- '
'.:!..- cext Friday night In Metropolitan j
7 rr;>:<:. The speaker will be Dr. E. Mark- j
;.r, rcT ,r Chicago, who is said to be one i
• " :~:\c most clofjuent. German orators in |
¦:¦¦¦¦ .':.::ed States.:. - - -. .- ;
Coombs in ths Field.
Prank L*. Coombs, candidate for Con
pmt is; the first District, will open his
> .i.vpaijoi at Covelo. Mendocino County,
• a Monday niprit. He will make an afr
ssive|Cjctt. touring the district thor- |
Iroquois Club meeting.
The Iroquois Club held Us regular
•• ¦ :: y meting at Pythian Castle last
nigi L T"' c:ut> accepted an invitation to
r :• .vi the bullshear! breakfast to be
given on the 2i)th inst. at Martinez by the
fools Club of that place. *-.'
Kaha Club Organized.
The Kahn Club of the Forty-second As
*• n-.Hy District was organized last night
r. 1 a mating at Clarence Hail. 551 Geary
sT.;-t. The following officers were ,elect
>¦'.: J. J. McCarthy, president; E. J. Mor
r:s. vi« a »;r<-5id-nt: P. Leich, secretary.
Rceclu ticca were adopted approving the
*:.<¦•; taken by Oingrpssman Kahn on
th* Jaj^tntse labor question and his work
i:> p°neral tn Conjrress.
The following were appointed for pre
cinct work: J. T. Sullivan. George Daw-
V"»n. J. Cariton. J. Flaherty. G. B. Me-
'Charles Jamison, F. Gedge, K.
' ,r.\vay. W. O. Ranks. A. Smith. I. J.
Tr;:maa Jr.. T. H. McCarthy. William
Hudson and J. B. Riley.
Short t--r>*-ech<*s were made by Judge
Frank H. Kjrrigan and others.
Man at the Next
Meeting.
Duty of Honest Republicans Among
Delegates to Be Present to the
Fergusson Marriage.
College Town Greatly Surprised by
the Announcement of the Thomas-
SECRET WE DDING MAKES
A BIG STIR IN SOCIETY
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 15, 190u.
11
¦ -A -gentleman- V--_who is occasionally
troubled -with ; insomnia 'declares "that . he
nlwrfys" finds 'relief after taking: a warm
mustard foot-bath.
The great parade Illustrated. The
Vi'asp'e souvenir edition on sale to-<Jay.
r.6 beautiful «ngra.vlnc«. Ail the events of
the celebration depicted. Send" to your
friends. Price 25c „ •
UNITED STATES BBANCH.
STATEMENT
-OF THE—
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
THE—
LIVERPOOL and LONDON
and GLOBE
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF LIVERPOOL. ENGLAND. ON THE S1ST
day of December, A. D. 1899. and for tho
year ending on that day, as made to the In-
surance Commissioner of the State of Cali-
fornia,' pursoant V> the Provisions of Sections
610 and 611 of the Political Code, condensed as
per blank furnished by the Commissioner.
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company.. $1,855,730 00
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages 3,307.350 CO
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company 2,673.637 50
Cash In Company's Offlca... 1.378 75
Cash In Banks 677.007 28
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 198 03
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages 44.08S 40
Premiums In due Course of Collec-
tion 854.765 46
Rents due and accrued...".... — 10.000 OO
Life loan 1.400 to
Perpetual Policy premiums due...... 92 45
Total Assets. $3,425,667 87
LIABILITIES. 7
Losses In process of Adjustment or
In Suspense JS24.99O 5?
Losses resisted. Including expenses.. 30,400 00
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or less. $3,422,998 SI;
reinsurance 50 per cent 1,711,499 40
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year. $3,673,-
S4S 63: reinsurance pro rata .' 1.S21.460 41
Amount reclalmable by the Insured
-on perpetual fire Insurance policies. 323.141 13
Liability under Life Department.... 90,033 07
All other demands against the com-
pany -274.519 it
Total Liabilities ..»4.776.050 60
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for . Fire
premiums - $4,717,450 28
Received for interest on Bonds and
Mortgages • 133,644 53
Received for Interest and dividends
on Bonds, Stocks, Loans and* from
all other sources - 95,634 0*1
Received for Rents .. 94.162 07
Received from all other ¦ources 250 00
Total Income... J5.047.0S1 09
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Fire Losses (In-
cluding J51S.0S7 13, losses of pre-
vious years)... ..S3, 405, 452 03
Paid ¦ or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage: : 826. 096 SI
Paid for Salaries. . Fees and . other
charges for officers, clerks, etc — 327,229 "Jl
Paid for State. National and Local
Taxes ....:......... 148,229 G9
All other payments and expendi-
tures ••••• 36S.4S2 11
Total Expenditure*- !...*5,072.590 01
.. • Fire.
LOSSES Incurred during the year.. .$3.332.232 ft
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written ¦ durlne,, the
year - $718,946,427 $6,137,342 71
Net amount of Rteks • •
expired during the
year . : ;.'. • • • • • ' 891.674,759 e,o:6,g(Jl 93
Net amount In force .
December 31. 1S09... 834.050.765 7.098.547 50
HT W. EATON, r Rest.' Manager.
GEO. \VV HOYT,' Deputy, Manager.
, Subscribed and sworn to before me, thin 27th
day of: March., 1900. W. H. WILDET.
¦ ¦ y ¦ Notary Public. ;
PACIFIC DEPARTMENT,
NO. 422 CALIFORNIA ST.,
SAN .FRANCISCO. -
CHARLES;D. HAVEN
Resident Secretary.
Dr^ Bennett's Electric Belt
Makes weak men and women strong and strong
men and women stronger. Roomt 5 and 8,' 47
; Po»t §t., • Safc ; Francisco 1 CaL : . ,
CCEAN TBAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
Steamers leave Broadway
tew wharf. San Francisco:
Cft^jj^ For Alaskan Ports— It a.
¦3E*£2JS^^ rn - Pepfri^er 13. 13. 23. 2S.
F%£'rfe»!a<S^ Oct. 3. Chanze to company's
*?N $£a\3»"a *t»:imer?i at Seattle.
|Q^mN3m1 For Victoria.' Vancouver
aSj2&?«df*~a\ W C.V Port Tnwnsend. S«-
¦ uttle. Tacoma. Everett. Ann-
cortes and New Wnateom
(Wash.). II a. m.. September
13. 18. 23. 23. Oct. 3. and every fifth day
thereafter. Chang" at Seattle to thl* com-
pany's stenmers for Alaska and O. X. R'y: at
Seattle or Tacoma to X. P. R'y; at Vancouver
to C. P. R'y. ,
For Eureka. Humboldt Bay— 2 p» m.. Sep-
tember 15. 20. 25. 30. Oct. 5, and every fifth
dav thereafter.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey. San Simeon. Cajru-
cos. Port Harford CSan Lnls Obispo). Oavlota.
Fanta Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme. San Pedro.
Ka?t San Pedro (Lns Angrelex) and Newport— 9
a. m., September 12. IS. 10. 14. 28, Oct. 2, an*
every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford <San Luis Obispo). Santa Barbara. Port
Los Angeles and Redondo (Ism Angeles)— II
a. m.. September 14. IS. X2. 25. 30. Oct. 4. and
every fqurth day thereafter.
For Knsenada, MasdaJena Bay, San Jns« del
Cnbo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Pai. Santa Rosali*
and Guaymas (Mexico)— 10 a. a.. 7th of each
month.
: For farther Information obtain company's
folders.
The company reserves th* right to ch»n*»
steamer?. Balling dates and hours of sailing
without previous notice.
T1CKKT OPF1CE-4 New Montgomery
rtreet fPalar* TIote1>.
i GOODALL. PERKIVS ? CO.. Oen. Agtnt*.
10 Market «t.. San Francisco.
w Oi r. a n. nn.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLA 1ST ID
From Spear-street "Wharf at 11 A. M.
PARC $12 F |rst Class including Berth
lM" r . M Second Clasi and Meals-
STATE OF CALIFORNIA ealla....'
— Sent- *0. 80
COLUMBIA nail!" Sept. 15. 25. Oct. S
Short line to Walla Walla, Spokane. Butt*.
Helena and all points In the X'orthwest.
Through ticket* tn all points East.
E. C. WARD, General Agent.
CO Market st.
GOODA1J* PERKINS A CO..
Superintendents.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan street, at 1 t>. m..
for YOKOHAMA and HOXOKOJJO. calling at
Kobe <Hlogo>. Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for In-
dla, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of sailing.
SS. NIPPON MARU ,
-¦-:... ..V..~. Saturday. September M. 19nO
FP. AMERICA MARU.. Wednesday, Oct. 17. l!TW
SS. HONGKOXO MAm:....Tue9.. Nov. 13. 1900
Via Honolulu.
Round-trip tickets at reduced rat»s. Tor
freight and psssage apply at company's office.
4J1 Market st'~»t. corner of First. »
W. H. AVERT. General Agent.
AMERICAN LINE.
r*V T0HE. BCWlWrTO!!. 10X005. ttXSX
Stopping at Cherbourg; westbound.
From New Ycrk Everv Wednesday. 10 a. ra.
Pt. Paul Sept. 2«[St. Paul Oct. IT
St. L«al« Oct. 3 St. Louis Oct. 14
New York Oct. 10 New York Oct. II
RED STAR LINE.
New York and Antwem.
From New York Every Wednesday. 12 noon.
Noordland Sept. 2SI Westernland ••..Oct. 17
Frlesland Oct. a Kensington Oct. 21
Eouthwark Oct. 10' Noordland Oct. H
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
30 Montsomery Street.
?Q*TA(mt 6E5TRALB TBJIH3ATLAHTIQUS.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. «^^_
Palllnc evory Thursday, Instead of 4*TfC?T?S
Saturday, from November 2. 1839. at -"""*•*'
10 a. m., from Pier 42. North River, foot of
Morton street. LA LORRAINE. Sept. W: LA
CHAMPAGNE. Sept. 27: LA TOITRAINE. Oct.
4: L'AOriTAINE. Oct. U. First class to
Havre, t'2 SO and upward. Second class to
Havre. $33 and upward: S per cent reduction
on round trlpi GENERAL AGENOT FOR
UNITED STATES and CANADA. J2 Brr>«dwar
(Hudson building). New York. J. T. FVQAZI
& CO.. Padflc Coast Agents. 3 Montgomery
i avenue. San Francisco.
OCEAJttC 8.S. CO.-HONOLULU, APIA
AUCKr.AJfM AND SYDNEY.
S. a AUSTRALIA on!y>...
....; Wednesday. Sept. 13. I p. tn.
S. P. MOANA (via Honolulu) to New Zea-
land and Australia Wed.. Oct. 3. S p. m.
J. D. SPRECKELS k BROS. CO.. Agt*., 643 Market St
Pier 7. Foot Pacific SL Freight Office. 327 Market Si
BAY AND BIVER STEAMEBS.
Steamer "Montlcalla.**
MON.. Tues.. Wed.. Thurs. and Sat. at 9:iS
a m.- 3:15. 8:S0 p. m. (ex. Thura. night): Fri-
days. 1 p. m. and S:30: Sundays. li:3O a. m.. •
p. m. Landing and office. Mlsilon-str««t Dock.
Pier No. V T«!«phone Mala 1WJ.
FARE « ..We.
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
FIRE AND MARINE
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF PHILADELPHIA. IX THE STATE OF
Pennsylvania, on the 3l«t day of December.
A D. ISM. and for the year ending on that
day as made to the Insurance Commlsioner
of the State of California, pursuant to the pro-
visions of sections 610 and 611 of the Political
Cod*, condensed as per blank furnished by the
Commissioner:
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up In
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company *i2 3l5C 5 £2
Loans on Donds and Mortgages 724.950 00
Caeh Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company 801,93100
Amount of Loans secured by pledge
of Bonds. Stocks and other market- |
able securities as collateral 118.t.on 00
Cash In Company's Office i} - 25? li
Cash In Banks •• 61.83» -6
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and loans 6.151 5S
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages ibiZl *.l
Premiums in due Course of Collection »8,062 18
BIUb receivable, not Matured, taken
for Fire and Marine, Risks 1?.*2« 3->
Rents due and accrued <6Q oO
Due from other Companies for Rein-
surance on losses already paid . ll,2tO 08
Total Assets $2. M8. 636 64
LIABILITIES.
Losses, In process of Adjustment or
in Suspense *37.rrt 45
Losses resisted, including expenses... 2,»0O0O
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
nine one year or less. $229,449 SS; re-
Insurance SO per cent 114.724 63
Gro*s premiums on Fire RI«Ks run-
ning more than one year, £67,935 10;
reinsurance pro rnta z97,S« Cs
Amount reclalmable by the Insured
on perpetual Ftre Insurance Poll-
ries 621.CS8 31
AH other demands aealnst the Com-
pany • 58-^3 SI
Total liabilities .HISUM 01
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for Fire
premiums • • $«9,tto 3S
Received for Interest on Bonds and
Mortgages - 46.637 47
Received for Interest nnd dlvlilffncls SRai
on Bonds. Stocks, Loans, and from
all other sources ..." 30.057 43
Received for Rents 10.801 £1
Received from all other sources 1.96S 31
Total Income I43S.7S4 32
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paM for Fire Losaes \
(Including J29.612 11.. losses of prevl- |
ous years) I225.3S3 73
Dividends to Stockholders 73,000 W
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage K 033 60
Paid for Salaries. Fees and other
charges for of ncers.- clerks, etc 55.t63 44
Paid for State, National and Local
taxcn 23.020 :s
AH 'other payments and expendi-
tures ...••». - »5,aii »t
Total Expenditures .....; KOS.ICS 63
Losses Incurred during the year
(Fire) .1263.107 17
; Risks and Premiums.] Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks]
written during the
year JM.722.275 $507,213 55
Net amount of Risks'
expired during the • «
year 43.102,887' 439.793 70
Net amount In force
December 31. 1SS9-. ,82.595.043 781.8S2 33
JAMES B. ALVORD, Vice President.
EDWIN F. MERRILL. Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before roe, this 29th
day of January.' 1900.
GEORGE P. WILGUS. Notary Public.
PACIFIC DEPARTMENT,
NE. Cor. California and Sansome 5 ts.,
BAN FRANCISCO.
WILLARD 0. WAYMAN, Manager.
G. W. McNEAR, General Agent.THE SAX FRANCISCO, CALL, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 15, 1900.
12
SAX FRAXTISCO CALL. j
BCEX!?ESS OFFICE or The San Francisco j •
C*n. comer of Mcrket ar.d Third streets, open j
cr.tll 12 o'clock every nicht In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES-S27 Montgomery street, j
ccrr.e:- Cley; oi*n until *:S0 p. m. ]
TOO Hayes street: open until 8:30 p. m. j ;
«9 McAU'.ster street: open until 9:30 p. m. ,
CIS L&rkin etreet; open until 9:S9 p. m.
::-41 MiFFlon Etrcet; cpen until 10 p. tn.
Jiei Market street, corner Sixteenth; open ¦,
cntil 9 r- m. i '
106 Eleventh street; open « ntil » p. m. !
lC&fi Valencia rtreet: cpen until 8 p. m.
Northwest comer Twenty-second and Ken-
t'jrky streets; r»>en until 9 p. m. 1
ciiiiicii services. ;
THE Tirst tMvine Science Church. M. E • ,
Cramer. r**tor, meets at Home College. Z*W
Seventeenth St.. bet. Valencia and Mission.
every Sunday at 11 a. m.: Sunday-school at
10 a" m. : subject of discourse, "An Abiding
Fa-hh." I
~~MEI2TIXU NOTICES. j
CALIFORNIA Chapter No. 5. R. A.M.. • • J
w'.Il nt*t THIS (SATURDAY) EVEN-
ING. September IS. at 7:30 o'clock. P. Jt^\ J
M degree. Py orrtcr of the HP. ' M
FRANKLIN H. DAY. Secretary. I
MISSION Lodge No. 1C9. F. and A. M.— •
0*11*4 meeting THIS .SATURDAY) _^f\
EVENING at 7:3'» oci-vik. First de- TC_3T
pree. GEO. D. FLACK. Secretary. _ /^r » I
A~SPECIAL meeting of the Fruit and Poultry
Dealers' Association will be held at Pythian
Ca'tk. r* Market et.. on MONDAY. Sept. 17.
l'-OO Kt S p. m. All members are requested to j
be present. Ry order of PRESIDENT. j
THE California Debris Commission having re- i
ceivea arcllcatlons to lr.'.ne by the hydraulic j
nrorcrs from W. W. Treat and John H.
Thomas, in the Good Hope mine, near
Eclipse riumas County, to deposit talllnus
In Orion Valley Creek; from the Bader Gold I
Minirs Company, in the Bader gold mine, j
rear Msralla. Butt* County, to deposit tall- !
lr.f* in Little Butte Creek: from the Ralston '
Divide Geld Mlninr Company. In the Lynch- |
t-tyrz mine, near Vlrner. Placer County, to
deposit tar.infrs In Long Canyon, and from O. (
H Lewis et al.. In th» Snake Gulch crave! |
m'ne. near YaMlclta. Ca'.averas County, to I
<1»>r'C?'.t talMn^s In Snake Gulch, riven notice ,'
That n rne«»tir.g will be held at room 5S. Flooa j
bul'^lr.r. San Francisco. Cal.. on September j
T4. IW at '.:-0 V m. (
AGENTS WASTEDl
?:.¦> TO !:.O dally easily made by our Live Agents, !
men cr women, selling our latest novelty, j
rsmpa'-pn waterrroof neckties: goods '-ntlrely I
new and patented: ap^nts deilchted; sales un- :
limited: what others do you can do; write to- j
day; secure exclusive territory; guaranteed
bert filer. AddresB. with stamp. M. & M. j
MANFG. CO.. Pert. C. Springfield. Mass.
AGKNTS fcr nerziger's Magazine; most papu- ;
lar illustrated Catholic family magazine; $1 ,
B year: fells fast: J2"> a week easy: exclusive
territory riven. Address with references, I
HEN7.IGER BROS.. S« Barclay St., New York, i
WANTED— Traveling sa.Ie»man to sell oil stocks )
en salary ard commisflon: salar>' M9 per j
month ; we pay expenses. Address Box 2342,
Call c.rflce. I
A FEW eocd men to pell oil ftoc-k: ealary \
und commission: first-class proposition. Box ;
tTOJ, Call riflce^ j
AOENTP sell our aJumirium card cas»* and i
«~ar<5^: cir-u'.ara an"! eamrles free. Bunker [
I'rlr.tlns: Co . D»rt. tl, Kansas City. Mo.
SOLICITORS "anted; ladies, trentlemen: fe- ;
rr.a> rrpulator. 55" Phelan building. S. F. j
AGENTS rf ability atri experience In life lr.*ur- I
encf. Cell »it r^om 101. St<7 Mnrket. cor. Sixth, j
W'F. liarjdl* rewest novelties fcr aeents. PA- I
CTWC AGENTS' ST'PPLY «'f>- 3<*?1 l^th »t. ;
HOOFING.
J.' PELTIER, asphalt rooflns. sidewalks: cellar !
f^>or« laid. rerBire.1; tvistnl. 11W Mission st.
ASTROLOGl'.^ j
MME. H1CKKV. astroloslst; card readinif and i
nB'rrlttrv. gSg; horosenrtes »^st. 1533 Mission.
ATTORNCVS AT 1.AW.
ADVICE free; tftvrrce law a specialty; private;
no fee without success; collections. G. W. '
HOVTE. ntty at law. SiO Market. cor.Stockton. j
R Vi'. KINO, ottorney. K7 Market et.. room C27.
freneral rrartire; moderate fees; consult, free. J
FREE advice: divorce laws, damages, estates, |
rr,l!ert!or.f. J. A. Mitchell. 314 Montgomery, j
AfiViCE rr*>»-. no charge unless successful. W.' ;
«T. DAVIDSON, '27 Market St.. opp. M*son. ;
L B. <"LAUK. Kmma firreckels bldit.. S!7 Mar- |
k^t rt.; cor.su'.ratlon free: no fees in advance, i
CI'STER HERMAN J.. attorney. 517 Market
*t.. r. 63: eve.. 7-9: ccnsultatlon free, j
IIATH CABIXETS.
n^BINSON J5. <-panel foi-iinr: door opens; firm :
ara safe. W. S. BROWN, pen, art.. 426 Ellis.
BCSU'CSS CHANCES. ;
__ ._ i
A— il'<»0: COFFEE saloon dolnp an average j
business r.r J40 per day; rent $75: place lo- j
cated near Hall of Justice, on Kearny St.,
and wi'.I douHe receipts In short time. Call R.
G. WILKE. ;6 ; i Keamy Et.
A— 1400: REt-TAI'UANT in wholesale district;
close to water front; a good paying business {
e.r.4 rare business chance. Call It. G. WILKE, i
It's Kr-aray tt. ¦ !
A— CUOO; <"OKNER procery and bar; choicest
Jr^ntion In the Mittion; rent $33; 4 living
TO'-'.:.f: riaoe »>5tab. vears; owner, a widow,
wants to retire. Call R. G. WILKE. 26»i
Keamy *t.
A — Ji.'^O; FAIXK).V with building nf 7 furnished
rooms; . : c ground lease: clos« to Union Iron
Works; place <*tab. 16 years and doing a first-
cl&ss paying buFlness; owner leaving city.
Call R. G. WILKE, 2V, Kearny st.
A— $27;.; GROCERY ar.d bar. with three HrinR
ro-'fns; rent $20; thickly settled neighborhood,
south of Market si. Call R. O. WILKE, 2Cft
K^arny ft.
A— CORNER cipar store on Kearny st. ; clear-
ing above JU0 j*r month. Call R_ G. WILKE.
2C'j Kearr.y st.
A— ST<00; OORStKB saloon on Polk St.; Ions
ler.se; cheap rent; first-class paying business;
<!»r.th of owner rause of sale. See H. G.
WILKE. Ctv? Kearny st.
A— Jiff 0: PARTNER wanted in porter, stoat
and Weiss beer brewery; Investigate; a rare
chance. Call H. U. WILKE. Hfi>>j Kearny st.
A-tr.f*"i; STATIONERY, notions and Ice cream
parlors, connected with Reneral agency of all
P. F. capers; also general agency of 2 steam
i&undnet.; no opposition in either line; rent
IS; !n lively business town across the bay.
Particulars R. G. WILKE. 2G 1 * Kearny Et.
A-PAY. FISHER & CO.. have you lodging-
houses? Y»"s. what price? WKt up, any loca-
tion desired; 12 nv»ms. %3QQ; 10 rooms. J4Z.0: lo
rooms, new. t'jOO. fine; 20 rooms, bargain. T7^:
Ti rooms. KWQ, snap; all sizes, all prices, all
¦new bar-pains ;" call and see us. 1032 Market.
S-4TA— OYSTER grotto and chop houV on promi-
nent street: low rent; fine business; eoo<l bar-
gain: call «juick. LANE A- CO., 8C5 Market St.
J375— DELICACY and canned goo-is, meats and
pro\1slor.s; clean fresh stock; pleasar.t rooms;
low rent. LANE & CO.. 865 Market St.
A — COAL, wood and gralnyard: receipts 1600
month. COWING & CO., 719 Market Et.
A-RESTAURANT; heart city; money maker;
*ajl at once. COWING & CO., 71S Market st.
WE V.ave largest list of saloons, hotels, gro-
ceries, cirar stores, etc., in the city. Call
ttf.'HWEINHAKD & CO.. 917 Market St., be-
lwf»n Fifth and Sixth; telephone Mint 1911.
PARTNER wanted In an old-established board-
Ing stable: owner w»ll-kno*n. reMable man;
Food value. DONNELLY & CO.. «2 Market.
$7TO— CORNER grocery and b»r: bargain; slck-
rie*» cause of sale. McLAUGHLIN & CO..
777V, Market st.
FOR sale — Barbor ehop. m - lth bath?, in country
to«.-n, M» miles firm San Francisco; must sell
en arc-cunt of falling health. Address J. G.
WOOD, eebaetopcl, Cal.
FOR sale— A hotel, situated near the Union
Irr.n Works suid rugar refloery; reason for
f*Ilin»t. wishing to go to tlie country. Apply
KX2 Kentucky et.
WANTED— $40.("JO, In turns from $50 upward. Jn
a r.ew enterprise; Investment guaranteed
uralrst Int.s; write for Information. Addresj
»»ox rjj4, <'all ofn<.«.
FOR rale-Hotel with 9 larce rooms, with res-
tjurtnt and bar; dolns rood business: rooms
nil full of steady boarders: 40 to L0 transient
for dinner. Address box S704, Call offlce.
A— J1S00; CORNER grocery and bar; well estab-
lished: outride trade; flne locality; rare op-
portunity. Box 4S3J. Call ofHce.
J200»— PARTNER wanted In old established
i ¦¦¦:¦ ini'fs : must bave a knowledge of hard-
ware. Address box 4C32, Call office.
tZf— STATIONERY, confectionery, cigars, no
tlons. etc.; living rooms; cheap rent; bargain
For r«rt!culars address box 2718, Call offlce.
J3D0— PAIXON and fixtures: 2 blocks from Mar
Jtet st.: near principal theaters; good payln;
huEinees; rent reasonable. Address L. C
raA£i:«.' U,x 43:4. Call ofilcf,
BAIjOON fin Third St.. near Market. Partlcu
lar* IJ. H. Brewer?-, 215 Fulton st.
i- A LOON for eale; opposite ferry. Arply 11
3>n et.. north cf Market: no agent*.
JlfiO— HOME bakery, with fine portable oven
SJ Mission St.
54OO — CORNER procery and bar. with 4 Hvlni
rooms. 1111 Howard Bt.. corner Langton.
FOR eale cheap: bakery baking 5\' barrels
faoree &D<! wof on; gocd reason. Box ZZZS. Call
DUSIXESS CHANCES — CONTINUED, j
A^~KRiEDO~!fc~DUTTONTs6 Gear}' St. > {
Hotels. Falocns, rrocertes, restaurants, branch
bakeries. c!erar star.Js and other businesses j
too nutr.er&us to :ner.t:on; ijartnershiiis in- ;
vestmcr'.s (rcra tW HP to CO.000. For a list |
call on KREDO & DUTTON. 36 Geary st. |
FOR Kale— $35^0; a n old-established horseshoe- j
ing. business, near oity; includes shop anj ,
tools; averages 20 horses daily; rin>t-el«t»s
prlcc«: present owner wishes to retire. Aii- ,
drees box 4923, Call office, for particulars.
BAKERY, confectionery, coffee and icecream
parlor; rare char.ee !cr a teker or confection-
er: for sale on account of sickness. Inquire
Jar.Itor Remchcr. 3'-'7 Clementina: no Hgenta.
jr;co— COAL and feed yard and express busi-
ness; 4 horses and 5 wagons; good building;
living-rooms: long lease; excellent chance;,
cood location. ?S25 Sixteenth st. > i
COUNTRY merchants trading with Indians can
find a market for Indian ba^Jiets by address-
Ing the Mexican and Indian Curio Co., 615
Seventeenth St.. Denver. Colo.
TO rent— For coal yard, milk depot, etc.: flne
location: place is entirely covered; contains 3
Hal'.t; rent only $1J; water free. Inquire WM.
HENDRICKSON & CO., P14 Call building.
FOR eaJe or trade, cheap, patent rights: v.iil
man that called Wednesday to canvass call.
N. DOBBINS. SOS Sutter st.
FOR sale— On account of retiring from busl- j
nees. a second-hard clothing store; an o!d-
• established stand. 507 Jackson, nr. Montgom' y.
WANTED— Partner In fruit Ftore. Call at 435
Bush tt.. room IS. at 7 p. m.
FOR sale— 30 furnished rooms; all rented; rent
122 M); price only J1J0. Apply 1C6 Second st.
FOR rale— Shoe store; small stock. 1118 Rail-
road ave., P.ay station. Alameda.
MILK ranch lor sale; In city limts; every-
thing complete. Box 49C9, Call offlce.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL & CO., 412 Sacramento st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and tvU^crtpttftSa
received at Call branch offlce. 220O Fillmore at.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia ft.
LODGIXG-HOU5ES FOU SALE.
D^ROOMEU house, north of Market; bargain.
24-roomed house; rent J7E; }U0O.
41-roomcii apartment house.
22-roomed hou«e; location.
20-roinied house on (iolden Gate ave.
EMERY & SMITH, 3 Eddy St.. room 1.
A— 22-ROOM rooming-house; central I10M
11-room house; BOO down, balance easy., i-fl")
20-room hous*: first-cla.=s l"50
11-room houst;. $475: 6-room flat 325
FISHER & CO.. 1032 Market Bt.
OVER 200 houses fcr sale; price, locaticn. siz?
and terms to suit you; call fcr li-'t. M. <jR1!~
KIN. 719 Market Ft., room 1 J>y "Call" bMi.
WANTED— Tenar.t fcr new 110-room house. \.
M. SPECK & CO.. 567 Market ft.
CARRIACFS AM> WAGOXS.
ALL kinds of wagons. bURgle?. carts, harners,
etc.. cheap. EG AN & SON. 2117 Mission st.
AX A No. 1 express wagon, single. al.'O light
ramping wagon, for pale ch»ai). 572 Mission.
NEW ix 2il-h»nd wntjoi!?. busRle?. cart* .t bar?
ness, work ft driving horses, "th & Valencia.
CAMPAIGN I'HOTO ilUTTOSsJ
MFY of all kinds of photo buttons and Jesvelry;
wholesale and retail ; send for catalo;u<*.
MIHaturo Fortran Co.. 933 Market St.. S. F.
CARPET HEATING ANO CI,RAM.\G,
WHEN ycu become disgusted with poor work
tend to bPAULDINO'S Pioneer Carpet-Reat-
lnj; Works-. 352-Sf.7 Tfhama Ft.: tel. South «0.
J. McQL'EF.N'S Califrrnia Carpet Cleaning Co ,
4i3 Stevenson Ft.; tel. South 223: lowest rat»s.
J. F.. MITCHELL Carpet-B-atlnp. and Reno-
vating Co.. 240 Fourteenth Ft.: Tel. Mission ?»
CITY Steam Carpet-Beatinc Wcrks. G. H.
STEVENS, nur., 38-40 8th St.: '.el. South :;0.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard. laid at *¦:.
STRATTONS, 3 Klshth st. : tel. JesFle 944.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co. 402 Putter st..
tel. Main 284. CEO. WALCOM. proprietor.
COXKLIN'S Carpet-r.eatlTiJT Wcrks. 333 Golden
iia" nve. -. t<-!«pfcr.ne East 126.
CHIROPODISTS.
BCXXOKS, Inerown nails, rorns. absolute cure.
painW»»: conrulfn free. Dr. Duncan. «15 Sutter.
SPIRITUALISM.
ARRIVED— Mrs Dr. Famham. world-renowne.l
i spiritual medium: advice In all affairs of life.
j lawsuits, divorces, deaths; unites the e»pa-
, rated; mining a specialty; cirs. Sun., Wed., Frl.
eve's: come ard be convinced. (Permanently)
E13 Eddy St.. bet. Hyde and Larkln: no sign.
i K\TIE HEUSSMANN holds laiit circle to-
night: 25c. 3?5 Jessie et., near Fourth.
ALWAYS se-* the b»?t. UMB. RAE, 14 Turk
| ft; fee II.
MRS. LESTER— Circle Sun.. Tues.. Fri. «ves..
; 10c: readings dally; L. 25c. G 50c. 127 Turk.
MATCH ETT holds circle to-nipht, 8 o'clock;
10c; test all. 132 Fourth: sittings daily, 50c.
MME. MAJORS, irlfted Fpirltual medium,
healer and card reader. 132 Sixth St.. room 1.
WATSON, famous palmist, medium: rpeclal
! this week; full reading. 25c & SOo. l.'Sl Market.
' WTLLIE. photo medium.- 330 Ellis Bt. ; last
j week: come early; open Sunday.
i MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, clairvoyant, test, busl-
; ness medium, life reader; 6lttlr.£S $1. 1104 Mkt.
I FRIENDSHIP Hall. 335 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
. Meyer, sit. dailv: convinc'ir tests to-nlKht 10o.
CLAIRVOVAXTS.
' MME. LANGE. the great clairvoyant, tells past.
j future; never falls; has the greatest Egyptian
\ fee 25c and up; satisfaction to everybody: open
i Sundays. 11G7 Market st.. bet. 7th and ?th.
j MME. PORTER. woncVrful clairvoyant & card
! reader, born with double veil k second sleht.
J diagnoses disease with llfo reading: laflies r.Oc:
i pent* Jl : palm. & cla'r. pit. Jl EOl 116 Turk st.
! ISMAR. the Egyptian gypsy clairvoyant ani
I palmist, permanently located 1148 Marke.t.opp.
i Cth: private readings daily 10 a. m. to 5 p. m.
! MME. BERNARD reads life fluently: advice
; piven In all affairs in life: satlsfactlin guar-
I nntepd- 2Sc up. 17 Third st.. next Examiner
: MRP. MELVILLE, wr-il-known clairvoyant, wa
! ter reader, moved to 11 Sixth; German spoken
1 CLAIRVOYANT, trance, business medium; can
reader, I5c up. £23 Mission, nr. 4th; no sipn.
MME. VALEKN. clairvoyant, palmist p.n<l can
reader: real Egyptian charms, 215 Leav'w'th
MME. 7.HREDA. the pypsy, is the preat palm
1st and card reader: 25c. 7 Seventh; no sign
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader in<
palmistry; truth or no pay: 25c. 1 14r> Mission
MME. SCHAFKER. clairvoyant, card reade
sittings dally. 212»A Sixth *t.
MME. RAVENNA reads lite fluently; buslnes
advice: name3 given: 25c up. ft Fourth st.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No charge ua
less successful. Room 3W. 927 Market st.
.DENTISTS. j
j AT tbe ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. S09 Mar-
ket Bt. cor. 4th, rm. 7, Flood bldg.. you ran
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty: -gold crownt. •
S3 LO up: plates, extractions free. $4 50 up; of. j
fice hours. 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. : Sundays. 9 to 2
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON. M. P.. Manager.
.* A— DR. V. CAVALSKY has returned from
the Paris Exposition with seme of the finest
patents for painless dentistry, plates, teeth
without a plate, crown and bridge work: all
work warranted; plates, full set. $5; fillings,
1 COc; crown, $3 60. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 6th.
' EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
¦nd filling! ; extractions or fillings by my won-
i derful secret, painless method; 20 years' ex-
r perlence: no students; advice free; prices
• cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell st.
\ CROWN and bridge work experts; our work is
< unexcelled and our prices are the lowest: call
, and see our samples and get our prices before
tlon'Vr-ef'^DRS'. PERKINS & DOVEY. ,1013
Market St., bet. Sixth and Seventh; elevator.
? TEETH extracted free; plates, fa; crowns. $3 50:
bridgework, $5: all the latest methods for
painless dentistry; hours. 9 a. m. to 9 p. m.
Modern Dental Parlors, 12C6 Market, cor. '3. G.
" DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
— No charge for extracting when plates are
j made— old plates made over like new: teeth
t I from IS per set; extracting, 50c; gas given.
| DR. ALBERT HILL. S50 Market, cor. Stockton.
Z \ for a perfect set of teeth and teeth without
, I plates; lowest price* for the best work. .
LOWEST rrl?es In S. F.: painless extraction.
." 50c. New YoVk Dtntlsts. DC 1 ) Mission, cor. Cth.
j f PARIS Dental Parlor. 235 Kearny. cor. Bush-
Full set of teeth. Jl: crowns, S3; fillings, 15c.
- j VAN VROOM— "Painless": evenings and Sun-
day*. 1C01 Market st., corner Sixth. ¦-.,,;.¦.-
- SET~~of teeth without plate. DTU H. G.
i YOUNG. 1S41 Polk st.
," !j DOU HOSPITALS. -
- DR. BUZ ARD'S Dog Hospital, Post, Flllmore—
B Advice and medicine, 75c; city visits, $1 10; all
animals treated; dogs bearded. Tel. West 6SS.
ij DR. Crct-Jy's C. P. mange cure and worm pills
1. I by druggiEts cr at hospital, 510 Golden Gate av.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking and Millinery
School: patterns cut to order. 1019 Market at.
S. l-\ Dressmaking. Ladles' Tailoring and Mil-
linery Hchool; French system. 411 Van Ness.
ACCORDION pleating factory: all kinds pleat-
Ing, pinking. 121 Post, over Q'Connor&MofTatt.
EDUCATIONAL.
AYRES' Business College. 723 Market St.: life
scholarship. $50; Includes shorthand, typing,
bookkeeping, telegraphy; day and evening:
Just added, nrw business practice offices and
20 new typewriters: catalogue free. ¦.
H BALD'S Busings College. 24 Post St.. S. F.—
Practical courses in bookkeeping, shorthand,
tj-pinp, languages, . telegraphj-. ¦¦ English
branches, civil, electrical and mining engi-
neering, etc.: new SO-page catalogue free.
GALLAGHER-MARSH College. Parrott Bldg.,—
Shorthand, typing and bookkeeping; Robert F.
Gallagher, expert court reporter, teacher of
shorthand: reportorlal phrasing taught: prac-
tical bookkeeping; full course, $."j0: catalogue.
A NIGHT School for Men at the Y. M. C. A.
huildir.e. Mason and Fills sts.: registration.
Sept. 10-24; studies elementary and advanced:
great opportunity for young men to gain a
practical business education. *»¦ ¦:
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
rchool lor the university. law and medical
colleges: references. President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
ALL students but two taking full course this
. year got positions. SAN FKANCISCO BUSI-
NESS COLLEGE. 1236 Market st.
BOOKKEEPING, free trial: private lessons: 8
bos. In college not equal to S wks. with me;
J2:>. TARR. expert, accnt.. 42? Parrott bldg.
ENGINEERING, civil, elec. mining, mech. sur-
vey, assay, cyanide, nrch. : day. eve.: est. 1S64.
VAN PER NAI.LLEN SCHOOL. 933 Market.
CALIFORNIA Business College Is ncaln en-
larging quarters. Come see us. 305 Larkln st.
MUNSON School Shorthand. Typing. Bookkeep-
ing. Spanish. 137 Mont'y. E. M. Carpenter, pr.
PIANO n;i<i German; pupil of Conservatory In
Leips-lc: lessons 75c. 320 Golden Gate ave.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc.. day or eve.: to mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
LF .TEl'NK Art and Craft School: modeling.
deMcrlnc. carving, all branches. 424 Pine st.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 10 uages. sent to any address In the
Uritet? States or Canada one year for tl,
postage raid.
KMPLOYMEVT OFFICES.
A-JAPAXHSE and Chtnese employment cqn-
tract«r:> e?tab over 10 years; all kinds heip.
421 IVft St.. near Powell: telephone Bush 135.
JAPANESE HonsecJeanlnk Co.— Waiters, cooks,
.1i«hwa«hfr.«. Eft. 1890. io:s Oak: tel. Page5<7.
UNION Japanese-Chinese emp. rtfflce — Best h»lp
fum.: domestic *erv. 4!7 Powell: tel. Bush 376.
ORPHEUM Employment Offlce— Japanese, bhl-
ne?e h«!p. 426 Poy.'ell.nr.S.utter: tel. Black 5072.
'JAPANESE nnd (Chinese Employment Office:
boM heir furn.: tel. John 2121. S06H Stockton.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office—
P.est help. 4I1H O'FftrWll st.: tel. East 42>5.
EMPLOYMENT W.WTKD — FEMALE.
KXPERIEN'CED working nurse wishes engage-
ments: very pood with In'ants; or as house-
keeper where there are children; city or coun-
try. Apply E. H.. 329 Sixth St., cor. Shipley.
A THOROUGH, practical and experienced book-
keeper, stenographer and typewriter wants
nr.sitlrn: moderate salary: references given.
Bos 3717. Call office. *
A GOOD reliable American pirl would like a
petition In private family; good plain cook;
wap>!> $2J to $25. Apply 32C9A Sixteenth st.
WANTKD— By > competent lady a position of
trust as liousckoeper In a hotel or any posi-
tion of trust. AJilre^s box 3712. Call office.
YOOTG woman wants work at light house-
keeping and plain cooking In a small family.
731 Folsom st.
GERMAN t;irl desires position as nurse and
companion to Invalid lady. Box 3713. Call.
LADY wishes pewlnjr and mending to do at
home. 11G Sixth Ft., room I.
: A WOMAN wants work by the day as laun-
: dress and hnuee cleaning. 321 Ellis St.
I YOl'NG woman with a child wishes position as
housekeeper or invalid's nurse; city or Oak-
1 land. ICO'.i Sixth st. •
! LADY wishes to assist In light housework or
I rare of children. Box IS. 10<J Kleventh St.
j MILLINHR designer, late with Caswell. Post
I tt., -sort ""t by 'lay; reasonable: references.
! Address JOSEPHINE, box S34«. Call office.
WOMAN student wants work: half-day only
! business, lovely cock, seamstress or manager.
j Address box S326 Call office.
i A SWEDISH woman wants chamber work; city
i or ootmtrv; call fcr one week. B. C, ot.
J George Hotel. S12 Kearny st., room 24.
! WINCHESTER Ilnuse. 44 Third St., near Mar-
i ket: 200 rooms: I5c to $1 50 night. {1 50 to J6
week: convenient and respectable; free 'bus
¦ nnd liaKXHge to and from ferry. .
¦ CLAsluFIKD advertisements and subscriptions
! received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore st.
' A BRANCH offiVe for Call advertisements anO
I subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lenc'a St.
EM IP LO V3t K \ T W A XT E O — M A LE.
MAN and wife want situations; good cook and j
bakrr- wife as helper, chambermaid or wait-
ress; hotel, boarding-house or Institution; city
or oountrj'; wages moderate. Adress A. R.,
CR Jefsicst., off Seventh. :
FIRST-CLASS coachman: competent In every
rc.-i.ect. can do gardening: can furnish the
l»-st of reference: German descent. Box 3715,
Call office. t • '
A SOBER young man wishes place where he
can work' mornings and evenings for board
nnd room while attending college. Box 3350.
Call office.
YOUNG married man from the East wants po-
sition of trust; will work; cash security given
If requli^d. 'Box 03f>3. Call office^
A YOUNG man desire* clerical position; has
r-*''. T, years' experience as receiving and ship-
plug and receiving clerk. Ad. box 3710, Call.
WANTED— Position by a young man; compe-
tent bookkeeper; will work as assistant for
Fir.all ray. Box-23-V). Call office.. -
YOUNG man wishes place to learn barber
trade: wages no object while learning. Box
4?21. Call offlce.
JAPANESE schoolboy wants a position at
hnufcf.oik, this city. Address TAKAKI, 561
¦ Stevenson st.
! MIDDLE-AGED Scandinavian coachman wants
i position in private place: can milk and v/lll-
i ing: 4 years in last place; reference. 537 Sac-
! ranwnto Bt.. room ZO.
STEADY reliable man wants position as
blacksmith or machinist helper In factory or
power houre; 10 years In same place. Box
I .T2!>. Call Ofdce :
ENGINEER wishes situation: Is a practical
I machinist. Box 3347, Call offlce.
JAPANESE boy wants situation as a school
boy; good cook. G. YOSHIDA. 1329 Pine st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce, 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st.
EXPEltT OPTICIANS.,
EVES examined freiv. F^ectaeles properly ad-
1,i«ff><1 N. Vini««». <vull«» ootlclan. 9in Mkt.
financial:
IF you have stocks cr bonds of any kind for
rale, call nr address PACIFIC COAST UN-
pppwniTTVfJ CO K04 Parrott building.
FLATS TO LET.
ELEGANT sunny top flat; 6 rooms, bath; near
City Hall. 151 Grove Bt.
ELEGANT sunny corner flat, 6- rooms and
bath. 4600 Eighteenth St.. west of Castro. ¦
FLAT to let— 4054 Nineteenth St., near Castro;
rent $12; 4 rooms and bath. -
IF you want to move gPt printed list flats to let
from BALDWIN &1IOWELL, 10 Montgomery.
LINDEN ave., £21— Flat of 3 rooms; tunny
yard; water free; $7; key 524 Fell st.
RENT $1S; flat of 6 rooms and bath; all modern
improvements. 1513 Turk St.
5 BOWIE ave.— Flat of 3 rooms; cheap rent. . '
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pagen. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 r>"r year.
FUK.MTUKE FOR SALE.
4 ROOMS furnished In oak for $4S SO.', with No. 7
rsngp. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
FURNITURE "WANTED.
CHAS. LEVY buys your' furniture, carpets,
pianos, etc. 1125 Market St. :, tel.'i Jessie 761. >•
ALWAYS 'j)hone John 1041 before Rollins your
furniture. Standard Furn. Co., 745 Mission. •
Auctlnirer-L. Vincent. 1303 Larkln ;tcl. Polk 694*;
furniture* & furn'U bouses bought; spot cash.
J5000 worth or furniture. ' carpets, etc., wanted.
M. Silvereteln, 1121 Market; teL. Folsom 1105.^
ALFRE D^WOLLPERT.'; 773 : Mission Bt.. * pays
highest price for your second-hand' furniture.
W. E. CODY (late with J. T. Terry &. Co.) buys
furniture, carpets. 757 Mission; teL Red ' 3353.
k -
HELP WANTED-FBMALBv^^
C. B. HANSEN & CO... pho " e Grant 1S5
........... HOTEL DEPARTMENT •;••.••¦'",:•
. 2 waitresses, Fresno, $25. fare paid, wa.lt-
rw*.-VtoaHa. $23. fare paid; waitresses, com-
mercial hotels. $20, many fare paid; 3 * fl »:
reeves, city, $20; i chambermaids to wait, £jw.
woman cook. $40; fancy ironer. counto. ?«.
fare paid; night caFhler. *7 week.
FAMILY DEPARTMENT •••;"•'"•;
Second- girl. Mare Island. *20. • see party
here; second girl, very choice place, $.s.
country. ¦ fare heie; cook. Sacramento, $30.
mother and daughter, $35. see party here /"
10 o'clock to-day: r-ouseglrls, second girls,
etc.-C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 1M Geary at.
GERMAN or Swedish houseglrl f 01 ".. 81 " 8 "
American family, city $15; no _, w "]?£. v ae ,f
party here; no offlce fee. C. R. HAN&EN &
CO.. 104 Geary st. -— —
WANTED— Infant nurse. $25; 2 'nurseglrls. $30;
5 Protestant second girls, $2o: 2 chamber-
maids and seamstresses, $25; 4 parlor maids
nnd. waitresses, $25; 3 laundresses and cham-
bermaids, $30. $23; 2 laundresses. $30. private
family: Scandinavian cook. J35. no
wash: kitchen helper. $20; pantry ; girl. $20. 6
cooks. $30 arid'135; fancy Ironer. $30: 12 hotel
waitresses. $20: S restaurant waitresses, J7
and $8 week; 150 hous.-sclrls. $20 and $2o. city
and country. J. F. CROSETT^ 31GJJutter st.
NEAT\ thorotiBlily~reTTal)le young srlrl. German
preferred, for general housework In small
family ; references : $1S. 551 Fulton st. «
WOMAN for housekeeping: good home right
: party; wage3 $15. Apply 936 Sanchez st., near
Twenty-third, after 1 p. m.
COOK wanted at 416 First st.; $20 month.
GOOD finisher* on custom pants. 622 Clay st.
room ISA. ¦,
GIRL to arslst with light housework: wages
$10. 180S O'Farrell Et.
WAITRESS wanted; plain work. 506 Howard
¦St., near First. * _; .
YOUNG woman to hc'.p In the kitchen: call
early. 136 S<>cond st.
WANTED— Experienced waitress. 126 Ninth at.
GIRL for gen-ral housework. 1513 Vallejo St..
near Van Ness; call after 10 o cIock. .
WAITRESS . wanted. Restaurant. 631 Clay st.
$5 TO $7; girl 12 to 15. care for children. 1CS>6
Fell st. ¦ _____
GIKL to assUt with light housework; sleep
home. 3035 Sixteenth, ubove Mission.
WANTED— Waitress for coffee saloon. Inqutre
office, 212 Third Et. |
WANTED— A girl to assist with children. 2312
Clay st. ?
WAITRESS. 44S Third st.
— — " H
WANTED— Women and girls to work on toma-
toes, canning nnd preparing; highest wages,
•Wpald: steady work; prizes for quick work.
¦ Apply immediately to U. S. FRUIT PACK-
ING CO. Harrison ave, between Seventh and
Eighth sts.> off Folsom.
APPRENTICES on overalls. STANDARD
SHIRT FACTORY, cor. Gough and Grove sts.
GIRLS to rivet overalls, also sewing machine
operators, at Levl Strauss &. Co.'s factory,
S2 l ,4 Fremont St.; no experience necessary;
good wages. Applj' to MR. DAVIS.
WANTED — Operators on ladles' wool waists
and children's wear; electric power; good pay.
MARKS BROS.. 1212 Market st.
EXPERIENCED operators on electric power
sewing machines on shirts at OREENE-
BAl'M, WKIL & MICHELS. 531 Mission st.
WANTED— A lady as companion and assist In
light housework; good home, fair pay for !
right party. Call after 2 p. m. at 116 Taylor, j
WANTED — A German or Swedish girl for cook-
Ing and downstairs work; $2o a month. Call
at 512 Van Ness ave.
WANTED— A girl for general housework and
cooking: four in family; no washing. 160S
Scott at., lifar Sutter.
RELIABLE girl for general housework In fam-
ily of two; wages $15; city references. Call
between 1 and 4 p. m. at 638 Haight st.
WANTED — I>ady pianist fcr mining camp. Call
for 3 days, 2 to 4 o'clock, Windsor Hotel,
room 11. -,." -,'¦'.:,
OPERATOR on vests wanted. 333 Keamy st.
GIRL for housework and assist In baker store;
no washing; wases $15. F. IBA, 2952 Mission.
WANTED— Hairdresser, hair worker and ap-
prentlce. 1036 Market st. "f
GIRL to help at housework. 743 McAllister St.,
delicatessen store.*
WAITRESS wanted; $15 per month and room.
SIS Valencia st. ..
GIRL for light housework and plain cooking.
312 Sanchez st, near Sixteenth.
A — YOUNG girl wanted for plain working.
Call at £57 - Bush at.
OPERATORS on waists and wrappers. NEW-
i BAUER BROS.. 13 First st.
OPERATORS on Ehlrt waists. E. «3TEIN-
HART. 230 Sutter- st. {
IRONERS wanted at United States Laundry.
Sixteenth St., near Valencia'.
GIRLS wanted at United States Laundry. Six-
| tecnth St.. near Valencia.
EXPERIENCED trimmer nnd apprentices In
I millinery store at C92 McAllister «t.
EXPERIENCED waitress wanted at Eureka
Home Bakery. 426 Geary st.
¦WANTED — An experienced millinery saleslady;
permanent position. 1323 Stockton St.
WANTED— Woman for light housework. Ap-
ply at 77S Clayton st.
APPRENTICE -wanted on custom coats.. 222
Kearny st. ¦
GIRL for general housework; four adults. 923
Fell St.. lower flat.
GIRLS with experience. Book bindery. 53G
Clay st. ' '
GIRL, 1G to IS, to look after 3-year-old child.
U7A Bartlett st.
Al FINISHER on sult3 at M. SIMINOFF'S, 1228
Market tt.
WA NTED^- Women and girls to work on fruit.
1731 Folsom st., between 13th and 14th.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 2200 Flllmore Bt.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 109C
Val*ncla st.
HELP WASTED— MALE.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S 104 Geary st
500 men for rew railroad work
200 teamsters. State of Nevada $2 a daj
50 teamsters. Monterey County... $2 a daj
EO laborers. Truckee.....' $1 90 a daj
20 tunnelmen, Chatsworth Park .r
.$2 to J2 50 a daj
20 laborers and teamsters, Uklah $2 a daj
Fee $1 Ship Dally Free Fan
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Head cook, restaurant,' north, $125; cook am
wife, Institution, $55; cook, country hotel
$50; broiler, country hotel, $45; short-ordei
cook, country, $40 'and fare advanced: extri
third cook, country hotel. Jl 50 a day, fre<
fare; 6 restaurant cooks, $10 and $12 a week
10 dishwashers and kitchen hands, $25 and $30
10 waiters, hotels and restaurants, city am
country, $25 and $30 and $33; laundry man am
wife, $60; head laundry man. country hotel
$35 and fare advanced. C. R. HANSEN S
CO., 104 Goary m. ¦
A— WANTED— This morning, 20 laborers fo
company work. Truckee, $1 90 a day, frei
fare. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary at.
WANTED— A man to help In kitchen and a glr
to wait at the table. Coll at 71S Valencia st.
WANTED— First-class : . kitchen helper and s
first-class oyster man.' Box 1S52, Call. •
DISHWASHER. Vienna Cafe, 205 Kearny St.
see chef earl;-. .
DISHWASHER who can cook short orders; n<
Sunday work. 3D Market Bt.
YOUNG tailor with good experience on custon
costs. 628 'Montgomery st., rm._27, top floor
WANTED- Wai ter. : 50 , Seventh st. ¦ .
CARPENTERS or men handy with tools, ex
change work for room rent. 913 O'Farrellst
TOY wanted . between ' 12 ¦ and 14 \ to learn th
locksmith trade. , Call at 405 Drumm st.
BRIGHT boy about IS. . Apply H. M. SMITH
200 Post st. - - ¦ .
.MAN for country who < understands milking
Girls' Directory. Central ave. and Waller st
COOK for. small restaurant. : 1915 Central' ave.
; .-.between California: and Sacramento sts. .
STOCK clerk 1 for wholesale fancy, goods house
state rcf. and salary wanted. Box 3711,' Call
WANTED— A man as bootblack; also take car
_bath. . L2S Broadway. , -.....- ."¦ ¦ *
WANTED — A young man experienced as cakf
baker. 25 Market st. , " ,: ;.
BOY In printing offlce. 819 Market^ St., groun
. floor. - • : " :
WANTED— Third hand in , bakery. . Apply. 18:
Polk st. . . ,.-.¦• -
BOOTBLACK wanted for barber shop. Tl
¦ Fourth St.- '/
ALL sizes men's shoes,! slightly, damaged,' ha'
:prlce. CG2 Mission St., bet. 1st and 2d ets.
HELP WANTED— MALE.
A-MURRAY"tREADY.;......PliDne Main 5S4S
...Leading Employment and Labor Agents...
..WANT 7 A. M. TO-DAY
WE SHIP FREE ....WE SHIP FREE
• To all parts of California. Nevada, Utah and
otiser States and Territories
Los Angeles :.. Santa Barbara District
Dunsmulr Redding Shasta
Fresno ...:; Truckee Districts
Reno. Nev ...Salt Lake City
Surf San Luis Bakersfleld
Soda Springs snd 55 . other points, laborers, .
teamsters, tunnelmen, etc., $3, $2 50. $2, $1 75
day ' Free fare
'Only *1 fee ,...;..$1 fee only
MURRAY & READY.
634-636 Clay st.
A— 45 LABORERS.. TO.. HELP CARPENTERS
Anybody will suit, $30, $35, $40 and found
Come see MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay. .
A — CARPENTERS, free fare; stone masons:
plumber and tinner for factory; blacksmith .
helpers; sash and door maker.
.............BOX FACTORY WORK
10 boys from 15 to 20 years of age to work
In box factory. $15 to $25 and found, fare >
paid
Boatman for gasoline launch, $40 and found; ',
' 60 laborers. Humboldt County. $60; 264 la-
borers and teamsters for all parts of Cali-
fornia*' some In San Francisco, also In fac-
tories, . $2 50, $2. $175 day; 23 scraper team-
sters, north:. ..:. ....$40 and found .
Loggers, crosscut sawyers, $45 and found;
swampers: 16 drillers. -city job; 12 hammer
men; bricksetters. wheelers; edgerman, $3
day; experienced 2-horse teamsters, city, $2 25 .
day: E0 men to pile lumber.* $60
¦ TO MINES
25 men as laborers for mines $34 and found ,
26 miners, single hand work, $75. $60; 136 farm
hands, steady jobs, $35, $30. $20 and found;
2* milkers, butter makers, $30 and found; IB ¦
Btablemen, city and country'. $40, $30. $25 and
found; 3 farmers and wives; married furnace I
roan; IS choreroen and boys ,
...., .....;.. ..$25, $20. $15, $10 and found '
10 varjueros to break colts to saddle. $43 and
found, steady, good Job; 16 teamsters, road
work $32 50 and found
For all other Jobs come and see
MURRAY & READT.
..; 634-626 gay st.
A — 150 laborers, no experience necessary, for the
sawmills 'and woods, fare paid; 150 men and
boys lo pick all kinds of fruits and grapes,
work In packing and drying houses, $30 and
" found. MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
A— HOTEL BAKERY ..... BUTCHER
~.. ...... LAUNDRY DEPARTMENT ,
28 cooks $50. $60, $»0, $30 and found
19 walter3 . v ..$35,'$30, $23, $20 and found
32 dishwashers $30, J25. J20. $15 and found
12 bakers' assistants. $40. $35, $30 and found
12 l.iundrvmen, $40. $3.".. $30. $25 and found !
» Candymakers ; porter help for Institution....
Pantry man, Nevada $10 and found
6 butchers $35. $10 an<l $60 and found
Pantryman: Icecream makers
MURRAY & READY, 63J-636 Clay St.
A— FOR a Government position, an experienced
stenographer and typewriter; apprentice for |
irlntlng (country) offlce. $5 week and found, j
MURRAY & READY. 624-636 Clay st. j
A -^WANTED ¦ |
4 miners. ?3 a day; 3 laborers and 2 carmen |
for mine. {2 50 a day; 2 milkers, same ranch, j
see boss here. $30: 2 ranch teamsters. *26; 2 j
farmers, $26; 10 laborers for woods, mills and I
lumber yard, $30 and board and fare paid; 10,
railroad laborers, *2 a day and free faro; |
hostler city, $45: 2 woodchoppers, San Mateo .
Co.. *3 a cord: 10 woodchoppers. Santa Cruz
Co.; waiter, restaurant, city, £10: broiler, $50:
dairyman for ranch, near city. J25; vegetable |
gardener. $25: gardener. $2j; florist, $35; horse-
man, private. {25. W. D. EWER 4 CO., 610
Clay ft.
ENGINEER and blacksmith for mine, $3 day: |
10 laborers about furnace, $2 and $2 40 day and
Increase; 2 laborers for mine, $26 and board:
i engineer and blacksmith for sawmill. $45 and
l>oard* 2 planormen, ?5O and board: edgerman,
$3 day: 10 boys for box factory, $1 to $2 day, ;
fare paid; 3 carpenters. $3, and 3 carpenters' j
helpers for country, fare paid: driver fcr
milk wagon. J3T. and found; farmers. labor- |
era for mill and woods; cooks, waiters, dish- i
washers and many others. J. F. CROSETT;
AGENCY. 62S Sacramento st. j
BARBERS' Progressive Union— Free employ- j
raent. H. Bernard. Sec. 104 7th: tel. Jessie 152. ,
YOUNG ma'n. Industrious, willing and of good j
habits, to be FeneraHy useful in a hotel and I
saloon- wages $15 per month; references. Val- j
lejo Express. 511 Market st.. 2 to 4 p. m.
EXPERIENCED promoter and stock operator |
wanted to handle the sale of stock; state pre- j
vlous experience. Box 3714. Call office. j
WANTED— Steady man to take interest In j
commission business: $150 required. MC-
LAUGHLIN & CO., 777»4 Market st.
WANTED— A vood barber for Saturdav and
Sunday: wages $5. 413 Broadway. ,__ j
WAXTBD — Good barber for Saturday and Sun- |
day. 1073 Market st., near Seventh. :
WANTED-^-Barber for Saturday. 112A First |
street. j
GOOD barber wanted steady. Apply 1724 Mar- j
ket tU. between Polk and Van Ness. I
GOOD barbor for Saturday and Sunday. 1205
Market St.- j
BARBER wanted at 105 Second st. |
BARBER for Wednesday. Saturday and Sun- |
day; steady. 14O6'.i Dupont st. ¦- |
BARBETt wanted from 10 a. m. to 10 p. m. : I
$2 50 Guaranteed. 623 Clay st. j
BARBER Saturday afternoon and Sunday. Call ;
after S a. m.. 2 SUth st. j__ '
BARBER for Saturday and Sunday. 715 Davis '
stieet. _^
BARBER wanted steady. 39^ Turk st.
BARBER for Saturday and Sunday. 215 Sixth
street.
BARBER wanted for Saturday; wages $3. 122
Third gt.
WANTED— Furnishing goods salesman. Apply
P. N. WOOD & CO., 71S Market St.
LADIES^tallors to work In factory on chil-
dren's Jackets. 723 Market St., room 35.
WANTED— Dishwasher. 1322 Kentucky st.
WAITER wanted. 631 Clay_ Ft
WANTED— Mission boy to drive for butcher.
¦ Call Mission polores Market, 17th. nr. Dolores.
FIRST-CLASS restaurant cook. Capital Res-
taurnnt, CCS McAllister st.
WAITER and night cook at 1125 Stockton st.
WANTED— Day cook. I486 Turk et. j
VEGETABLE man wanted. 29 Stockton st.
BOOTBLACK wanted. S?}i Turk st.
WANTED— Bootblncl: for barber shop. Call
Saturday morning. 2003 Flllmore st.. cor. Pine.
EXPERIENCED dishwasher; come early. 612
Kearny St. .
GET your shoos half soled while waiting; 23c
to 50c. &62 Mission St., bet. 1st and 2d sts.
ACTIVE mar., by established ' house worth
$250 000; duties, hiring help: liberal salary and
expenses advanced to right party. Address
WILLIAM J. UHL, manager. 723 Chestnut st.,
Philadelphia. Pa. -
BARBERS— 4-chalr shop and baths; fine loca-
tion- must sell Immediately: no reasonable
offer refused. Address box 3315. Call office.
MAN and wife for bakery; man to drive the
deliver/ and wife to attend to store and. do
some cooking. Address box 4322. Call offlce.
BOY wanted In meat market at 1601 Grove st.
WANTED— A man that understands florist and
nursery business. 600 Halght st.
BOY fcr bookbinder:-. 16 or 17, years; must be
strong. Box 3706. Call offlce. ¦
DRIVER for milk wagon; bond required. Box
37CS. Call offlce.
WANTED — 100 men to take rooms, 10c, 15c and
20c. Boston House, 930 Howard st.
FIRST-CLASS 4-chalr barber shop for sale;
terms easy: location central. Box 4923. Call.
WANTED — C Jewelers: tte'ady work; no short
time. Apply, stating wages wanted and par-
ticulars. JOS^JLVYER_&BROS :: _Seattle.
TEN waiters. Palace of Art. 16 Post st
MAN cook wanted. 322 Main St., boardlng-
houso. . . S—ll ¦ -
iioYS wanted. San Francisco and Pacific Glass
Works. Seventh and Townsend ets. «
i SAILORS, crdinary seamen and green hands:
I nil parts of world. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart.
1 FOR sale— A 3-chalr barber shop, onaccount of
going East./ U Turk 8t.
LABORERS and drillers wanted at 527 Four-
| teenth st.. near Guerrero. , '
i MEN and women to learn '. barber trade. ' S. F.
j • Barber College. 741A Howard st.
! PENSIONS— GEO. D. CAMPBELL, lawver. 18
| ............ years" practice; Examiner building.
! MEN wanted to learn barber trade; only eight
\. weeks required: positions guaranteed; special
| Inducements: catalogue andmap of city free.
; Meier's Barber. College. C33 Clay st.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Kolkln. : Renw House proprietor, still
, runs Denver House. 217 Third st. ; 150 large
I rooms; 2Gc per night; Jl to $2 per week.
,- NEW goods; quick sales; salary or coramls-
¦ Eton: city or country. THE J. DEWING CO..
Flood building. /--¦ : ' - ' .;
WINCHESTER House. '44 Third st..' near Mar-
."; ket:t700 rooms. 25c night; reading-room: free
j ".'bus ! and baggage to and. from the ferry. ¦¦¦ ,
LINDELL" House,* ': corner '¦¦ Sixth.' and' Howard—
| Rooms lao to 25c night; 750^0 $2 per week.
A HELP WANTED — MALE.
WANTED— Recruits Tor the United States Ma-
rine Corps. L'. S. Navy, able-bodied, unmar-
ried men of good character, between the agea
of 21 and 30 years; not Ies3 than a iret 4
Inches and not over 8 feet l inch In height:
must be citizens of the United States <:r per-
sons who have legally declared their inten-
tions to become citizens: able to read, write
and speak Er.sllsh properly. For further In-
formation apply at the Marine Recruiting Of-
fice, 40 Ellis st.. San Francisco. Cal.. 530 K st..
Sacramento. Cal.. or 1053 J St.. Freano. Cal.
WANTED— For U. S. army, nble-bolled, un-
married men between ages of 21 and 35; clt:-
2ens of United States: of good character and
temperate habit?, who can speak, read ana
write English; recruits are specially desired
for service In Philippines. For Information
apply to Recruiting Officer. 121 New Mont- |
yom«rv st.: San Francisco. Cal.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 10?4
Valencia St.- ' -»_•--.,
HORSES. LIVE STOCK. Etc — For Sale
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. Gnnd Arcade Horse Market.
S27 Sixth St.; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLr'. Auctioneers. - '
WORK horses 'for sale: Just arrived. A carload
at PETERSON'S stable, 107 New Montgomery
street. ft
70 HEAD draft, carriage and saddle horses: also
pneumatic and nibber-tlred bueeies: cheap.
Occidental Tlnnw Kxrh.inge. 721 Howard i»t.
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED list; houses tr> let; send for eir-
cular. G. H. 1TMBSEN & CO., 14 Montgomery.
»27 50— BEAUTIFUL mantels; modern plumbing;
6 sunny rooms: warm belt. 512 Guerrero st.
HOUSES WA.\TED.
WANTED— To purchase large hou^eT sam«Tto
be moved on a lot on Twenty-second street.'
between Mission and Valencia. 407 Devtsa-
dero st.
'\ H°JJJ AVn FOU:VD -
LOST— A fox-terrier, white, with black spots
' on back, brown spots on eye; license tag 1503.
Reward at St. Louis Brewery, cor. Powell
and Francisco sts.
LOST— Promissory note and bill of sale. Finder
leave at offlce JOHN R. AITKEN. 503 Cali-
fornia at.; reward.
LOST— A -passbook with the Hlbernla Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco In the
name of THERESIA BIELICH: No. 243-745.
The finder will please return to bank.
LOST— A passbook with the Hlbernla Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco. In the
name of JAMES KINSELLA, No. 229— 135S.
The finder will please return to bank.
; LOST— Black and tan dog; name Zip; license
tag attached to collar; {10 reward. Dewey
; House, 32 East st.
i LOST — Charm Knights of Honor' to P. Abra-
] h?mson; reward. 1022 Hyde St.
| FOUND— Seal colored setter dog; white hind
; toe. Call 443 Dupont st.
i
MEDICAL.
DR. and MKS. DAVIEsTlilTMarket sr^RelT
able ladles' and gents' specialists; S2 years
practice; have treated thousands of cases suc-
cessfully; a positive cur? guaranteed at of-
flce; ladles treated can return home the sania
day; try the celebrated HINDO HERB treat-
ment for home cure: any one can use it by di-
rections: perfectly harmless; home for confine-
ment. Send tlve 2-cent stamps for circular.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL, the world-renowned
ladles' specialist: safe and reliable; has prac-
ticed in San Francisco for years: treated thou-
sands cf Cases successfully: treatment can be
used at home: consultation free. After all
; 'others fall call on him. i>'2.T-i Market st.
I DRS. GOODWIN, well-known ladles' specialists,
I have returned from Europe; safe and reliable;
! cure $5; have treated thousands of cases with
•¦ Fucces»*15 years' practice In S. F. : m.-ifrnity
home; low lees. WK\t Market St., near Sixth.
; NU TOY KEE. Chinese doctor: cures conjump-
I tlon. cancer, catarrh, etc.: all diseases treat-
f ed : fiend for testimonials: advice free San!-
I tarium, 704 Sacramento St.. comer Kearny.
j MRS. DR. WYETH. reliable specialist: ?5 yrs.
j practice: home in confinement; treatment -i*.
I office. $5; any ailment; consultation free; coi-
I fldential. 941 Post »t.. bet. Hyde and Larkln.
A— NEW process; every woman ner own phy-
sician: no medicine or pills used: practical
physician 37 vrs. Dr. POPPER. 31S Kearny.
i MRS. IJR. KOHL, the well-known and reliable
j ladies* Bpecialtst: guaranteed treatment at of-
I flee. So. positive cure. 446 Eddy. nr. Levnwrth.
j MRS M. ALLEN. 1035 Market— Ladies' upecia:-
! 1st: hrmo in confinement: safe and -ellabie.
DR; and MKS. M. WEGENER-Privatn homa
In confinement. ISljt Golden Gate ave.
!DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, treats « ill di»-
! MISCELL AXEOLS — FOIl SALE.
i $75— FOR sale: counter and fixtures with furnt-
I ture for 3 rooms: and store to let. $5. G. W.
• H. PATTERSON & <-O.. 170*5 Market st.
! FOR ?nle— A fine larce 5-foot Candla palm.
:.'19 Washington st.
BLACK-AND-TAN male. 2»4 lbs., 1 year old;
I also Newfoundland pup.- US Tehama, oft 3d.
I BLACKSMITH'S and horseshoer's outfit, cheap.
; CURTIN. 1123 Market st. ¦
i BOILEKS. enclnes Zd-band machinery. Mc-
; l.NTOSII & WOLPMAN. V5-197 Fremont St.
i BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters.
; linoleum, new and second-hand: we always
i lave a large stock of saloon outfit* on hand;
S2 ccmplete outfits on r.ur floor, ready made:
we can fhlp everything In 24 hours. J.
NOONAN. 1017. 1019. 1021. 1023 Mission St..
above Sixth: write for catalogue.
FOR sale— Property of the Live Oak Consoli-
dated Gold MtninN Co.. situated In Nevada
County. 15 miles north of Auburn: 2 patented
claims; 8-stamp quartz mill: ditch and hoist-
Ing works complete. For further particulars
Inquire of A. MEISTER. 914 Ninth St.. Sac-
ra mento_CaL_
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 216 Spear st.
8 H.-P. 2nd-hand steam engine and boiler; also
for gasoline. 6, 4. 3 and IM h.-p. each: flrst-
' cla£s: bargains. EPSTEIN. 533 Mission St.
STEEL tanks, all sizes: suitable for wat-r or
oil: cheap: all shapes: . second hand. H. S.
WHITE. 616 Mission st
A— {3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 73. Pop-
ular Price Hatters. 330 Kearny st.. near Pine.
A— 100 HORSEPOWER engine, boiler, 2 drill
air compressor. JARDINES. 220 Fremont st.
BICYCLE (ladles'). 1900 model: used 1 nonth;
¦ ccst J5O; price $20 cash. Box 3341. Call office.
FOR sale— Small Hall safe: good as new; in-
side door; cheap. Box 3343, Call offlce.
SAFES— New and second hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO., 417-423 Sacramento st.
I'ORTABLE engines, boilers; Iron and wood
planers, lathes; 2d hand. J. Burke. 139 Beale.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d hand; moving
pictures. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Post st.
FINE suit. *10; dress pants. « 7i MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS, 437 Montgomery st.
FULL line cameras and photo supplies! selling
cheap. AV. A. HARTTER. 513 Examiner bldg.
WILL rent full dress Tuxedo or Prince Albert
suits for « 50. Portland Loan Office, 25 Stktn.
10- TON Fairbanks scale and flre and burglar
proof . safe. 216 California st. ¦ •
SD-HAXD photographic and magic lantern out-
fits bought. *old. exchanged. 109 Montgomery.
FIRST-CLASS second-hand modern engines and
boilers bought and sold. KROGH Mfg.. Co.
EDISON' concert phonograph; reduced price.
(75; concert records. $1 50. Baclgalupl. 933 Mkt.
SAFES— New and second hand; all sizes. THE
WALTZ SAFE. 109-111 Market St.. San Fran.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
WANTED IMMEDIATELY—
Photo tent, 1 multiplying holder for «t.
photos; also part of entire outfit: must be In
gocd tfrder and cheap. Call or address J. J.
M.. room SO. New Western Hotel.
LADIES' and gents' cast-ofT clothing bought &
; sold. Sllverman. 9S4 Folsom; teL Folsom 1191.
KLEIN still pays best price for clothing brlc-
a-brac and books. 109 Sixth St.; tel. Jessie 14L
IF you wish full value for your cast-off clothing
; call on- B. COHEN. 157 Third; tel. Black 4123.
¦ T~ MOXKV TO . I.OAS.
ANY amount at 6 per cent; lst~M and'3d~mor£
gages, undivided Interest, real estate In pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought: no de-
lay; get my terms before doing business else-
i *htre. R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, r. X
¦ ANY proposition," any amount: 6 per cent: first.
" ; second mortgages, estates In probate. Interest
: in estates, legacies, corporation loans, chattel
mortgages, life Insurance. Room 16. first floor,
.Chronicle bldg. IIALLORAN & OLSEN.
' HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
• liberal advances nn diamonds. Jewelry at :ow-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 846 Market
tt.; tel. Main 1644. Branch <<> Third at.
ON furniture and pianos without removal; qulcli
service; money direct: lowest interest. Rooms
' 6S ar.d 69. Donohoe building. U70 Market st.
- MOST, reliable place to borrcw on diamonds,
- . ; w atches.' Jewelry. W. J. HESTH AL. 10 SUth
e highest. price for old. gold, silver, diamonds.
7 AT 126 Kearny st.',- room 9. respectable prlvat<
- -place to borrow on watches, diamonds: lowest
rates: take elevator. Telephone Da via 935.
MO.VEY TO LOA3. A
fCPP.f 00 AT « per cent In sums to suit In city:
also JliP.OO© on larse ranches; also on second
rnsrtpages. R. J. MHP.CER & SON. ttl Pine.
ANT amount by private party on furniture and
piar.es>: no removal: low rates: confldentiaj.
1 rONELLI. 301 Jones St., corner Eddy.
MONET loaned salaried people without sj<-urttr.
HILL, r. 44. Merchants' Ex.. 431 California.
ON furniture and .pianos; no removal: con3-
dential: on diamonds, etc. 33 Taylor st.
TO salaried people without security: all Just-
ness confidential. Tousley Co.. 321 Parrott big.
H. MURPHV, 63O Market St.. solves all kinds of
financial problems; Id mortgages, estates, etc.
ON furniture.' rianca: 3 per cent permpnth; m
commission, Mrs. Wilson, rm. 101. S EdJy st.
CASH loaned tn salaried people on note without
Indorser. MORRELL. «C5 Examiner building.
ON furniture, planes, without removal: no com-
mission; private. LICK. 11* McAllister st.
TO salaried p»r.ple without '.-ollatrral or In-
dnr«»r. S. F. niseniint Asr-ncy. 14J Phelan bU.
NO one contemplating the purchase of a. plant\
now or in thi» near future, can afford to buy
until our large assortment of Deckers or
Packard* has tx»en examined. We are quot-
ing prices and terms more reasonabla than
ever before offered on first-class goods. Thn
ZENO MAUVAIS Music Co.. 763 Market st.
2 CARLOADS of Decker & Son baby grands
and uprights and Arlington iiprlghts Just ar-
rived and will be unloaded Tuesday. There
are many styles to select from and those par-
ties who are waiting, for them can get "first
choice" If they come early. ¦ We have a few
good second-haniJ uprlght3 left. MAUVA13
MUSIC CO.. 7(» Market St. A
ANNOUNCEMENT— We have consolidated the 1
San Francisco Music Company, 223 Sutter St.,
with our O'Farrell-st- business, and now
show more goods In all lines than any other
house on the coart. Six floors of music and
musical goeds; pianos in endless variety and
prices ranging from $75 to J9C0l Imperial
Symphonion Music Boxes, Guitars, Violin*.
Mandolins Strings, Trimmings, Sheet Music,
etc.: enormous stock; lowest prices; caah or
Installments. BIZNJ. CURTAZ & SON, 1%
18 and 20 O'Farrell St.; Chlckertng agency.
ALL purchasers of pianos at SHERMAN.
CLAY & CO.'S have the privilege of ex-
changing for a STEINWAT any time within,
three years and full purchase price allowed;
the best makers of every grade fo select from:
beautiful new uprights %6 cash. $6 per month;
some good pianos for $3. 14 and $5 per month.
SHERMAN. CLAY & CO.. STELVWAY
DEALERS, corner Kearny and Sutter sts..
San Francisco: corner Broadway and Thir-
teenth sts JJ^Oakland^^^^^^_^___________
ATTENTION! THE
BYRON MAUZY P1AXO FACTORY
Is now open for inspection-
Visitors welcome.
SEE A PIANO MAJ3B.
Have your old piano don© over. Look tn tnr
window and see the P>G0 gold nugget. Th»
triumph of piano-makers' art. H3-S13-312 Post
street.
sohmer A<3K>ri;r.
AT a discount, to establish our new location,
we will give 10 per cent off on planoa; som»
second-hand bargains; 3 Heln« uprights. 1327:
2 Etelnways. *105: 1 Chlckerlnff. J165; 1 Ma-
son & Hamlln. J350. and 20 other bargains:
ag»nts for Hallett & Davis and 5 other makes.
HEINE PIANO CO.. 217 Oeary St.. near City
of Paris. __________
ABSOLUTF.LT the oldest and largest hous«
west of Chicago Is KOHLER ft CHASE'S. Vt
2S and 20 O' Fan-ell St.; pianos, organs and
all other musical Instruments of all grades
and prices: terms easy; prices lowest: every-
thing possible dona 10 please and satisfy ta«
customer.
A FINE 3-pedal upright piano, latest Improved.
$170; a nice square, J40; a fine oak upright
piano, standard make. ttSO. DEWING' 9.
Flood building.
VIOLIN strings: never wet; best In the world;
making and repairing of all kinds of musical
Instruments. Carl C. Anderson. 417 Geary st. .
SLAUGHTER *ale of upright pianos for star*
age; 150 up. Wilson's Storage. 17V> Market st.
3-PEDAL Stelnway. perfect order, I17J.
KEEFFE'S. 933 Market gt.. bet. Eth and «th.
GENTLEMAN leaving city will sacrifle* ele-
gant upright grand piano. 324 GoMfn Gate av.
BE !n the swim: rent a new planrt for $3 per
month. SCOTT-CfRTAZ CO.. SCO Hayes st.
THE WILEY B. ALLEN CO.. 314 Post St..
Hardman. Conover and other pianos.
B-VRGAIX— Good piano cheap: Installment JS
per month. SCHM1TZ. 18 McAllister st.
TV. O. BADGER. 412 Sacramento St.. agent for
Francis Bacon and Hallett & Davis pianos.
SUPERIOR violin?, zithers, old ar.d new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
REDUCTION sale: new pianos; $3 payments:
for rent. Si nn. BRFTNN. V* Port st.
OFFICES AX D STORES TQ l.ET.^
KMilA SPRECKFJ.S building. 9^7 llarket—
Offices. JiRht and sunny. $15 to $20 per month;
llrht. heat. Janitor and use of tel. Included.
SMALL store; 2 rooms; good for tailor, thoe-
maker. barber: cheap. <C1 California st.
TO rent — Ufjdlilll ."tore: well lighted; 25x140;
rent reasonable. 2CS Hayes st.
IMLMISTKY.
NEERGAARD. president of St. Germain Col-
loge of Palmlsto'. reads from 1 to 8. CIS
Geary «t.: also by mall.
PEKSO.VALj.
fH^lTt?5icrN~RIVER~CCx7~ >
HOPKE BROS.
Mattresses and pillows made to order, recov-
ered and renovated; honest work guaranteed;
prices defy competition: fine upholstery ; phona
£3C9- factory. 313 and 320 Eleventh «t- : first-
class cleaning and dyeinff. 023 CFarrell. near
Powell, San Francisco.
JULIANXSM.
519 Golden Gaio &?«.
—^_—
ELECTRIC lights In every room—Winchester
Hotel 44 Third st., near Market: 700 rooms:
25c to $1 CO per nisht; Jl 50 to J6 per week:
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
DR. D. MACLEAN moved his offlce to Donoho«
building, rooms 87 and 83, phone Folsom lttl;
resl d ence 1303 Page, phome Fell 7S56.
LEDERER. the popular halrdr«ss«r. has hi»
One parlors crowded this week; service Is ma
good they always come again. 123 Stockton.
SUITS to order on Installments: $15 upward;
SI a week. LEON LEMOS. 1117 Market »t..
between Seventh and Eighth.
PILES— 300 permanent cures in Ban Francisco,
who can be seen: no operation: no pain: par-
ticulars sent. Ad. Physician, box 13^>. Call.
LEDERER'S Qulntonlca Hair Tonic beautifies
and goftens the hair; 35c bot.: try it.
MRS. DE VOLL. hairdresser, removed from
436'/fc to 637 Ellis gt. above Leavenwartn.
PRIVATE detective work: reasonable rates: 10
years' e»perlence. J. B. RAY. 3C. Jessie St.
SUITS to order on easy payments. Art Tailor-
ing Co.. 1644 Mkt.. under St. Nicholas HoteL
HAIR quickly curled or waved by using Tal-
cotfs curling fluid; 25c a bottla: druggists.
LEDERER sells more switches than any other
house. Why? Price Is right: fl up.
WANTED-Old-fashloned silver, hrass. copper
ware; curios, all descriptions. 125 Dupont tt.
ALFREDU1IS Egyptian Henna rest ore* > *™T
hair to Us natural color; ». at all druggists.
CAST-OFF clothing, old gold and silver bought;
send postal. CPLEMAN'g. S"< K?arny st.
rilVSlCIAXS AND SCK _^P*. 9 V~
DR*~J~H~REEVE~MH Kearny, cures by elec-
trlcUy Nervous Prostration. Insomnia. Asth-
ma Rheumatism. Paralysis. Catarrh. Con-
i^mptlon. Kidney and inflammatory cases;
diseases diagnosed. ;
nn n r rv DO WELL— Office and residence,
felVj Market ,t 'between Sixth and Seventh.
REAL. ESTATE CITY FOR SALE.
~~ "^^a^Tlnvestments.
AT A.M SPECK & CO' 3. 667 MARKET ST.
j«ob CCO-Pays 5 per cent net. near Chronicle.
JlTjIoooIpays S per cent net: Market St.; on.
= JlOO.OOO-P^yW per cent; Market St.; always
rented.
W) 000— Pays " P« r cent; few blocks from
Chronicle.
MO COO— Pays J370T grand corner: all rented.
j.,,"»/vi Pays $ percent net: grand corner: oaa
• *^*'^^^tenant. lease 5 years.
. 130 oco— Rents $r.2: new Imorovements.
' t^'lCO-Orand store property: 70-foot front:
***' rents $»X> a month; all rented.
An offer wanted"" for elegant 18-room residence;
• An cost J30.0CO: will sell for half cost;
No. 13C2 Post St.
117 500— Grand Investment: 40 ft. front; near
• ' Van Ness ave. and McAllister »t.;
rents J143.
J13 500— Rents J14.V. new Improvements.
; 110. 00O— Elegant flats, not far from Van Ness
; ave.: rents Jl.lCO; only half cash.
$10,C0O— Store property on Fourth st; one
• tenant. IMflpi
Must sell— Two fine flats; 8 Hyde St.. near City
' Hail: rents J75.
$3.800 — Stcre property, on Ninth st.. near Mar-
[ k»t: very cheap.
JS.C^CO— Rents |70; new fiats near Van Nesa
nvenue. t
c J1.6C0 — Four elegant fiats of four rooms each.l
i ¦ rents S40. >
JS.25O— Mission flats; rents J310 annually:
near Twenty-fourth st.
12.500— Store and flat, near Union Iron Works;
: rents J22.
S2.250 — Cozy 5-rccm cottage on Castro st.
A. M. SPECK gj CO. «67 Market st.
t MODERN houses buiU;lowest price* :rlans an'!
estimates furnished. Campbell. 1147 MUsIodS hip ping Intelligence.
Branch ¦ Hydrosraphlo : Of flee," ' U.^ 8. N.,.Mer-
Time Ball.
HOTEL AREIVALS.
PALACE HOTEL
I J V Scott, Los Ang ,
Miss M B Scott, L Ar.sr
T M Hersey & w, Cal
H C Burmelster, Stanf
L MClement, Hayward
l F J Kerridge, Sonoma
I F W Bradley, Cal
i C H Jorden, Cal
C J Smith, Berkeley
J Proule, London
J A North, Nome
C J Lex, Cincinnati
! A Hill, Saglnaw
G W Stark, Saglnaw
F R Winchester & w,
Oakland i
E Weinburg. Plttsburg
I M A Carr, N Y
! C A Shetts, San Jose
'¦ 3 C White. London
J T Brooks & w, S Jos
E W Kea. San Jose
C B Sraon & w, Fres
F B Rlley. Stanrord
J F Donohue Nome
J J Fig-g-B, Nome
M S Griffith, Nome
W J Cotton. Nome
R H Wells, Chicago
Dr F R C Marquis, fct
Paul
Dr P Ray. St Paul
D F Warnock. Chgo
G L Dunn, Fresno
,C H Lymbery, Chgo
¦M Lesser, N»Y
E J Waters &. w, L An
R M Cadwallader Jr.
Philadelphia
G T BuflTum, St Louis
J Blum. Cal
C W Fairbanks, Ind
F E Holloway, Ind
Mrs J McM Warner,
Philadelphia
J Sparks, Reno
A Fisher, " Nevada
Prof C A Copeland.
Stanford .
G H Armsby &"w, Cal
P R Williams, StanM
L Boeck, China
A M Tinker & w, Wsh
L Blelh, Siberia
J O Snyder, Stanford
O Spencer, NY
D D Fischer, NY
S 8 Sampllner, Ohio
L Buck, N Y
Miss G Shaver, Fresno
Miss E Shaver, Fresno
A W Bowers & w. N J
iMiss P A Bowers, N J
!M A Calderon, Peru
T.M Towl & w, NY
G C Hodges, Chicago
Capt A Graves. Daw
son
GRAND HOTEL.
A H Berg, Grass Val
A Barman. Stockton
W C Swain, Cal
D K Trask, L Angeles
W L Smith, Redding
C E Day, Los Angeles
W Hoey & w, Ariz
C A Andrews. S Louis
W C Hendricks & w,
Sacramento
Miss Horton. LIvermre
C A Campbell. R Bluff
E R Feuerborn. Mo
R Feuerborn, Mo
C A Shattuck. Fresno
G H Cofnn. Ariz
G H Felchllng. L Ang
A C C Gramm. Tacoma
R O Greet, Pac Grove
O F At wood. Stockton
L Coates, Napa ' .-.
G A McElfresh, L Ang
B Belcher. Prescott
Anna Oestlng, S Diego
R H Martin. Richmond
A B Reardon. N York
C P Faulstich. L Ang
Mrs R A Battenflcld.
OrovIIle
C B Lojan Jr. Big Cor
L W Manning, Lexton
Mrs J H Aukrun. Ohio
J W Lane. Sutter
Mrs T Horton. Liverm
H C Booth. S Barbara
W LI ps, Los Angeles
I Mrs Harvey. Redwd C
:E'H Qulmby, KansasC
|G Maltzen & w. P Rys
I A W Maltby, Concord
K II List, Palo Alto
WE Carrol 1. Chicago
W M Bramhall. S Cruz
I A Swlckhard, Ban Jose
O Farmer, Cloverdale
A Knat. Cincinnati
T Fisher. . Spokane
H Gerber. Sacramento
T C Snider. Broderick.
W D Gossard. S Jose
L D Rhods, San Jose
J W Brennlng, Dawson
H- Wagner, Dawson
S S Allen. ; Dawson
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
T B Cobn & w.Le Ang
E E Friday, Chicago
W Fisher.. Nome
J S Fisher. Nome
G Blake, Butte
H T Donavon, Fresno :
J J McEvery. Redding
F W Lehn, Chicago
J C Lchn, Chicago .
J F Burns, Cincinnati
C C Rldgway, : Hy«ics *
P A Raab. Bolsa
A L Butler & w. Butte
Mrs A Schwart* & d.
New Jersey •¦ .- \
G W Evans, S L Oblsp
MA Col ton. Manila
R C Taylor, Seattle
D II Osborn, ; Courtlnd
J Crosby. Butte .
A J Anderson, Benicla
G Lambert, Stockton-
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived 6ept 13— Ger ship
Najade. from Oregon. ¦ .
NANAIMO— Arrived. Sept 13— Br stmr Robert
Adamson, hence Sept 9.
Sailed Sept 12-Nor stmr Tltanla, for San
Francisco.
YOKOHAMA— Sailed Sept 10— Br ship County
of Edinburgh, for Oregon.
NEWCASTLE. Aus— In port Aug 4— Fr bark
Vendee, for San Francisco.
. SYDNEY— In port July 28— Ship Wm H Macy.
for San Francisco.
SANTA ROSALIA— In port July 30— Br ship
Ardencraig. for Oregon.
In port Aug 12— Br bark Marion Lightbody,
for Oreeon.
MANCHESTER — Sailed July 22— Fr bark
Jules Verne, for Oregon. .
VALPARAISO— Sailed July 15— Br ship W£st
Lothian, for Oregon, via Caleta Buena.
LIVERPOOL— In port Aug 6— Fr bark. Col
bert, for Vancouver. -
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Arrived Sept 14— Stmr Luca
nia from • Liverpool and Qucenstown.
GLASGOW— Sailed Sept 13— Stmr Sardinian,
for New- York. . '
MOVILLE — Sailed Sept 14— Stmr Parisian,
from • Liverpool. "' for Montreal. -
SOUTHAMPTON— Sailed Sept 14— Stmr Kai
ser Friederleh. from Hamburg, for New -York,
via Chei hour;.
YOKOHAMA— Sailed Sept 11— Stmr Braemer,
from Honckong, ¦ for Portland, Or. v . .- -.., ¦
•¦• SCILLY— Passed . Sept ; 14— Stmr Southwark.
from New York, for Antwerp.
-¦ ST MICHAELS— Passed Sept 14— Stmr Kaiser
Wtlhelm III, from Genoa, Naples, etc. for New
NAPLES— Arrived : Sept U— Stmr Ems. from
New York for Genoa, and proceeded.-.
ST.* VINCENT, C V— Arrived Sept 14— Stmr
Luxor, from San Francisco, via Montevideo, for
Hamburg. " : "-'.'
•¦¦-¦ BRISBANE— Arrived ¦ Sept ' 14— Stmr Aorangi.
from Vancouver. B. , C, via • Honolulu, for Syd
ney, NSW. .
f Sailed Sept . 14— Stmr Mlowera, for Honolulu
and 'Vancouver. •
FOREIGN PORTS.
Aug 23. lat 18 S, Ion 37 W— Br ship Manx
King, from "Antwerp, for San Francisco."
DOMESTIC PORTS.
SAN DIEGO-^Arrlved Sept 14-Schr Azalea,
from Port Blakeley.
ASTORIA— Arrived Sept 14— Br ship Mara
thon, from Nagasaki.
Sailed Sept 14— Br stmr Monmouthshire, for
.Hongkong. -
NEAH BAY— Passed Sept 14— Bktn Benlda,
from Klhei, for. Port Townsend.
BOWENS.- LANDING— Sailed Sept 14— Schr
Corinthian, for San Francisco.
USAL— Arrived Sept 14— Stmr Navarro, hence-
Sept 13. &g&&z&f£
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived Sept 14— Schr
King Cyrus, from Kahulul.
HONOLULU — Arrived Eept 4 — Jap stmr Hong
kong Maru. hence Aug 29. Sept 6— Br stmr
Belgian King, hence Aug 28.
Sailed Sept 6— Br ship Halewood, for Pug-et
Sound; Jap stmr Hongkong Maru. for 1 China.
Sailed Sept 6— Schr Eether Buhne, for ; Eu
* HILp— Arrived Sept 1— Bark Annie Johnson,
hence Au; 14.
NEW WHATCOM-Salled Sept 13— Schr Chal
lenger, for San . Francisco.
SEATTLE— Arrived SeDt 14— Br *hlo Ivy,
from Honolulu: stmr City of Topeka. from
Sailed Se?t 13— Stmr Queen, for 81tka.
CCOS BAY— Arrived Sent 14— Schr Viking,
from Golovin Bay.
EASTERN PORT. '
NORFOLK— Sailed Sept 13— Br ship Hono
lulu, for Manila. vi ;v
SPOKEN.
POINT LOBOS. Sept 14, 10 p m— Weather
hazy; wind SW. velocity 10 miles.
TELEGRAPHIC.
Friday, September 14.
Stmr Noyo, Johnson, Fort Bragg.
Stmr Scotia, Walvic, Rockport.
Stmr Tillamook, Hughes, Albion..
Stmr Santa Rosa. Alexander. San Diego, etc.
Stmr Alcazar, Gunderson, Greenwood.
Stmr Gipsy, Leland, Santa Cruz.
Stmr Cleone. Madsen, Caspar.
Stmr Sequoia, Winkle, .
Bktn W H Dlmond. Hansen. Honolulu.
Schr J Epplnger. Skloper. . -
Schr "Western Home, Christiansen. Coos Bay.
SAILED.
Friday. September 14.
Stmr San Mateo. Fletcher, Nanaimo; Pacific
Imi> Co.
Stmr Columbia. Doran, Astoria: Oregon Rail
road and Nav Co.
Bktn W H Dlmond. Hansen. Honolulu; J D
Spreckels & Bros Co. >.
CLEARED.
ARRIVE©.
Thursday. September 13.
Stmr Point ' Arena, Hansen. 18 hours from
Needle Rock, via Point Arena 10 hours.
Friday. September 14.
U S stmr Hancock. Strove. *16 days from
Nagasaki, via Kobe 14 days.
Stmr San Juan, Brown. 13>i days from La
Llbertad.
Stmr Crescent City, Stockfleth, 35 hours from
Crescent City, v
Stmr Geo Loomis, Bridgett, S3 hours from
Ventura.
Stmr Coos Bay. Nopander. 72 hours from San
Pedro.
Stmr Mary D Hume, Hen-man, 14 days from
Unalaska. ¦
Jap stmr Nippon Maru. Allen. 29 days from
Hongkong, via Yokohama 17 days, via Hono
lulu 7 days.
Schr Ida McKay, Lehtola, 2H days from Al
bion.
Ed L & P 6s.. 128 — OmCHr 6s.. .128 -—
i- «& Ci Ky *s.. — — Pac G Imn 4s.l01H —
Geary-st R 5b. — 99 P & Cl Ry 6s. 104 —
H C & 8 5V>s. — — P & O R R g*.m —
Do Ss .....".. - 10 " Powell-st R 6sll8H — .
L A Ry 6s 107tflOStf Sac El G&RSs. SSftlOOtt
L A U Co »s. - - S F & SJV Bs.119% -
Do itntd 6s.. — — S n of Cal 6s..lll>4ni?i
L. A »cntd 6»...100 102H S P of A 6s 111>4 —
LA P R R Bs. — 101 b H C •* <i»05)
Mark»>t-st «<. ...mmso (Series A).,.. — 112
Do 1st II Bs.U.U — Do (Series B)lll —
N'CNGKi!.- — S P C 6s (1906). 112H —
N H of Cal 6s. 11* — Do (1912) ....120U —
Do 6s 118UU9 8 P P. 1st gntd — —
N H «¦• R R 6».1O1 - P P Rr 6s \&% —
Do Bs 106?ilO74 S V "Water 6s.. — —
N Cal Ry 6s.. - 111^ Do 4s 10S 1084
Oak OLA H.1U4 — Do 3d mtg...l01V4 — '
Oak Tran 6s.. 117 — Stocktn Gas 6s — 102%
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa.. 63% 70 Spring Valley. K% 96H
Marln County. 61Vi — !
' O AS AND ELECTRIC STOCKS.
Cent O L Co.. — — Pac t. Co « —
Cent L & P Co . 4 5 Sac El G&RCo 35 40
Eqult G L Co. 3Vi 3% G F a & E 54 54»4
Mutual El Co. NHi 11 San Francisco. 5 5«
O G L & Hi. 44 — Stkn G <s» K Co lu —
Pac Gas Imp.. 51% 52%
INSURANCE STOCKS.
Flrem's Fund.228 — I
BANK STOCKS.
AnKlo-Cal Ltd 68 - ILon P & A....132X -
Bank of Cal... 400 — Merchants' Ex l» —
ckI rt i> <* T..ius - 4 Nev Nat Bk... — —
First Natlonal2S5 300 I
SAVINGS BANKS.
Ger S & L...18S0 1925 'Pav * L *n.... 74 78
Hum S & L.. — — Sec Sav Bk.... — —
Mut Sav Bk... 45 — | Union T Co — . —
S F Sav U....WT. — ! , .
STREET RAILROAD STOCKS.
California 1X8 — O S L & H.... — 45
Geary-st — 60 Presidio — 22^
Market-st 67 —
POWDER STOCKS.
CaltfonMa — 1«2%| Vigorlt 8% 3U
Giant Con Co. 85% 86 I
« SW3AR STOCKS.
Hana S P Co.. 7% Stt KllaUea SP Co — 22
Haw C & S Co S6«4 — Makawell S Co 4JH 44
Honokaa S Co. 30H 31 Onomea S Co. 2S —
Hutch S P Co. 25 — Paauhau 8 Co. 31 334
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Al Pack Assn.122 125 Oceanic S Co..l07«4107>4
Cal Fruit Assn J7 — Pac A F A l^ —
vi.. r -x * — n. nl V" Pac C Bor Co.150 lSlVi
Oceanic S Co. .— M Far faint Co. Wn —
Morning; Session,
Board—
1B0 Hutchinson S P Co 25 00
140 Makawell 43 62^4
100 Market Street Railway 67-23
J4000 Oceanic 8 S bonds ..107 25
175 Paauhau S P Co 3100
50 Pacific Gas Imp '. 62 37#
25 S F Gas and Electric Co.. 54 25
.10 S F Gas and Electric Co 54 12>*
150 S V Water .» 95 87»*
Street—
2 Bank of California 410 00
. Afternoon Session.
Board —
4 Alaska Packers' • Assn ..122 50
, 45 Giant Powder Con 65 60
10 Hawaiian Commercial and Sugar.. 87 00
10 Hutchinson S P Co 25 00
tZO(ti Market St R R Con 5s 117 60
35 S F Gas and Electric Co.. .-... 54 12Vi
5 S F Gas and Electric Co, b S.* 54 12V4
$2000 S P of A bonds 11150
$3000 S P of A bonds.. ..m 3714
60 8 V Water ¦. 96 12«
$2000 S V 6s 112 50
Street—
J5000 Oceanic S S bonds, cash 107 37^4
60 Paauhau S P Co ..• 3100
PRODUCERS 1 OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
Board— :" :¦-; r ¦>,
650 Home Oil ........*.... 4 55 1
200 Home Oil 4 60
60 Sterling O and D Co 1 40
Afternoon . Session.
300 Caribou 25'V
800 Cala-Standard 33
' 60 Sterling O and D Co..., 1 40
Street— ¦
-200 San Joaquln Oil and Dev 6 00
35 Sterling O and D Co...-. 140
MINING STOCKS.
The following were the sales in the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session. .;._
200 Andes ..'........ 07 200 Overman \ 09
300 Best & Belcher -25 200 Potosi ig
300 Caledonia 41 100 Savage ......... is
100 Con Cal & Va..l 15 200 Sierra Nevada.. 81
- 60 Crown Point... 13 900 Union Con.. .
400 Gould & Curry. 33 600 Utah 05
1000 Ophlr " 461
Afternoon Session.
100 Belcher ......... 17| 600 Hale & Nor.... 21
200 Challenge Con.. 20| 150 Hale & Nor . 20
100 Chollar . 18 600 Savage 17
100 Con Cal & Va..l 15 100 Silver Hill. ' 41
100 Confidence ..... 77 100 Utah "' 05
300 Crown Point... 12 900 Yellow Jacket 18
100 Gould & Curry. 35 - " ls
. The f ollowlns were ,< the sales in the Pacific
Stock Board yesterday:
Morning ¦ Session.
500 Andes .......... ,6~ 200 Ophlr ...... 46'
14OO Belcher ." ...' 17 300 Overman ' 10 i
-200 Best & Belcher 25 300 Silver Hill. " 37
200 Challenge Con. 20 300 Silver' Hill ', ,.'" 40
100 C C & Va....l 17H 200 Silver Hill..!!" 42
300 Gould & Curry. ; 32 Union Con. : 17
400 Occidental ..... OS 500 Yellow Jacket.! 18
Afternoon Session.
100 Challenge Con. 20 200 Savage ....... 17
200 Confidence :.:.. 77 200 Sierra Nevada' 21
500 Gould & Curry. 34 300 Silver Hill.....'. 41
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
FRIDAY. Sept. 14-4 p. m.
Bld.Ask. Bid Ask
Alpha .......... 03 04 Justice n*> 04
Alta 02 04 Kentuck ......._ oi
Andes 07- 06 Lady Wash...; — 03
Belcher ........ 17'- 18 Mexican 27 28
Best & Belcher 26 27 j Occidental ..... 06 09
Bullion .... 02 OlOphlr ............ 48 47
Caledonia ¦.;.... 41- 42 Overman ...... 09 10
Chollar. .:....... 17. HjPotosv. .......... jr 19
Challenge Con. 19 £o| Savage ........... is is
Confidence ....'. 76 77 [Scorpion ¦ 01 —
Con Cal & Va..l 15 1 20;Seg Belcher.... 02 03
Con Imperial... 01 "02iSlerra. Nevada. 31 32
Con New -York. — OliSilrer H111.....V 40 -42
Eureka Con..... — 45 St Louis..'....... ; 10 —
Crown Point.:. . 12 13 \ Standard "..:..'.. 4 00 ¦'—
'Exchequer .:...— 02 Syndicate ...... — 07
Gould & Curry. 34 3S Union Con.. T... 17 18
Halo & Nor.... 20 21 (Utah '....: 04 06
Julia ............ 02 -04 1 Yellow Jacket.. 18 19
COMMERCIAL NEWS
Continued from Page 1O.
TO SAIL.
Cannon Balls Made of Gold.
It was before the days of the dum-dum
bullet that gold and silver bullets and
cannon balls were fired at an enemy.
When the Indian city of Anadnagar was
besieged by Emperor Akbar, Princess
Cande who defended it. before her capit
ulation caused all the gold and ellver to
be molded into bullets on which were en
graved maledictions against the oppres
sor. These were fired by cannon into the
jungle, where many of Them have since
been found. An old peasant, who died not
long ago, in his early days picked up one
of these valuable cannon balls, which waa
pure «gold and weighed eight pounds.—
Westminster Gazette.
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tl4es of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column civer the. second tide of
the day, the third time column the third tide,
and the last or right hand column gives tha
last tide of the day. except when there axe but
three tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights
erven axe in addition to the soundings on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a I minus ! sign (— ) precedes the height,
and then the number given is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference is the mean of the lower low waters.
* "¦•- NIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA
/ I BERKELEY, Sept. 14.— George J.
f/ I Young, analytical assistant in mltv-
Ing at the State University, has been
called to the University of. Nevada
to take the assistant professorship of
metallurgy. He will depart soon for hi*
new field of labors. Mr. Young 1 received
his degree of B. S. from the university in
'99. He Is a brilliant young man of many
promising qualities. His present home is
at 2438 Mission street. San Francisco, j
The directors of the. Art Association of
the university met yesterday m East Hall.
Miss Mary. Bell, who has been president
since the organization was founded, ten
dered her resignation and the following
officers were elected:
President, Miss Eva Powell; correspond
ing secretary. Miss Anne Holmes: record
ing secretary., Miss Mary Ra-tcliffe;. treas
urer. Miss Mary Powell; directors. Mis*
Jessica Davis, Miss Ludle Graves, Miss
Mary Jewett, Miss Eliza McKlnne, Miss
Inez Shippey.
The university rifle team will hold a
competitive hunt, open to all students,
on Saturday, September 22, from 4 a. m.
to 10 p. m. The hunt will take place In
Alamtda and Contra Costa countie*.
Rifles only may be used. Captain D. L.
Baker of the team and Harold Bradley
arc at the head of the hunt.
The young ladles of the freshman class
gave a reception to the young men of '04
this evening In Stiles Hall.
The Beta Theta Pi fraternity has in
itiated Oliver Gale. W. H. Ramsaur, S. H.
Phelan and C. R. Jones, .all freshmen. •
The best baseball game of the season
was won this afternoon by the sopho
mores from the freshmen. The score
was 4-3.
UNIVERSITY
HAPPENINGS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 15, 1900.
chants' Exchange. San Francisco. Cal.,
September 14. '1900.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building- was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
1. e.. at noon of the 120th meridian, or at t
o'clock p. m., Greenwich time.
- .- CO. CALKINS,,
¦ Lieutenant Commander. U.S.- N.. in charge.
Sun; Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
. Francisco Bay. : Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent. .
NOTE— The . high and i low waters occur at
the - city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places.
Steamer blovements.
TO ARRIVE.
13
15.
lun -rises
iun sets ....*.
loon rises, thii
¦rl qua!
-Ver .'.".'.".".".".".'.*.".".",
5:51
....«:«
.11:02 p. m.
O Time -¦
£ Ft.
» H "W
15... 6:19 ~~4.1
.6 ... 6:35 4.2
L, W
17 ... 0:32 0.2
L8 ... 1:29 0.2
L9 ... 1:16 0.3
!0 ... 2:57 0.4
•1 ..; 3:33 0.7|
I Time]
L. W
9:44
11:08
H W
7:SS
8:26
9:06
9:44
I 10:19
iTlme .-..
Ft. Ft.
H W
3.2 4:00 6.4
3.S 5:08 S.2
L W
4.4 12:30 S.2
4.7 l:gj> 2.9
4.9 2:32 2.5
6.2 3:20 2.1
| 5.3| 4:00| 1.1)
Time
Ft.
L W
11:26 0.2
ii.w ""
6:20 E.I
7:29 5.1
8:29 S.I
»:23 .5.1
I 10:12 5.1
Steamer.
•om.
te.
Titanla Nanalmo.. Sep. 15
Progreso ....... Oyster Harbor Sep. 15
Walla Walla... Victoria Sep. 1«
Eureka .. Humboldt Sep. IS
Empire ......... Coos Bay Sep. 16
Mlneola Nanalmo Sep. 16
State of Cal.... Portland..... Sep. 17
Arcata ......... Coos Bay Sep. 17
Corona San Diego Sep. 17
North Fork Humboldt Rep. IS
Washtenaw .... Tacoma Sep. IS
Bonlta Newport... Sep. IS
Pomona Humboldt Sep. IS
Colon - New York. Sep. 19
Umatilla Victoria, Sep. 19
Robt. Adamson Nanalmo Sep. 19
Coqullle River. Grays Harbor !.. Sop. 19
Santa Rosa — San Diego Sep. 20
St. Paul Cape Nome............... Sep. 20
W. H. Kruger. Tlllamook Sep. 20
Herodot Hamburg Sep. 20
Moana Australia Sep. 21
Coos Bay Newport Sep. 22
Steamer. I Destination.
Sails.
Pier.
Pomona ... Humboldt Sep. 15, 3 pm Pier 9
Doric ...... China & Japan Sep. 15, 1 pm PMSS
Columbia .. Portland Sep. 15, 11 am Pier 24
Newburg .. Grays HarborlSep. 15, 5 pm Pier 13
Rival WlUapa Har. Sep. 15, 6 pm Pier 2
Del Norte.. Portland Sep. 18, 10 am Pier 2
Coos Bay.. Newport Sep. 16, 9 am Pier 11
Eureka Humboldt Sep. 17. 10 am Pier 13
Empire Coos Bay Sep. 17, 12 m Pier 13
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena.. Sep. 17, 2 pm Pier 3
Newport ... New York Sep. 18, 12 m PMSS
Walla W... Victoria Sep. 18, 11am Pier »
Corona ....ISan Diego Sep. 18, 11 am Pier 11
Arcata (Coos Bay Sep. 19, 12 m Pier 13
Australia .. Honolulu Sep. 19, 2 pm Pier 7
[aqua Humboldt Sep. 19, 5 pm Pier 2
State Cal.. Portland Sep. 20, 11 am Pier 24
Bonita .... Newport Sep. 20, Jam Pier 11
W. Krurer Tlllamook Sep. 20 jPler 2
North Fork Humboldt Sep. 21, 9 am Pier 2
Q. Dollar. .|Grays Harbor Sep. 21
S: Maru IChlna&Japan Sep. 22, 1 pm PMSS
Santa Rosa(San Diego Sep. 22, 11 am Pier 11
Steamer.
•om.
te.
Titanla Nanalmo.. Sep. 15
Progreso ....... Oyster Harbor Sep. 15
Walla Walla... Victoria Sep. 1«
Eureka .. Humboldt Sep. IS
Empire ......... Coos Bay Sep. 16
Mlneola Nanalmo Sep. 16
State of Cal.... Portland..... Sep. 17
Arcata ......... Coos Bay Sep. 17
Corona San Diego Sep. 17
North Fork Humboldt Rep. IS
Washtenaw .... Tacoma Sep. IS
Bonlta Newport... Sep. IS
Pomona Humboldt Sep. IS
Colon - New York. Sep. 19
Umatilla Victoria, Sep. 19
Robt. Adamson Nanalmo Sep. 19
Coqullle River. Grays Harbor !.. Sop. 19
Santa Rosa — San Diego Sep. 20
St. Paul Cape Nome............... Sep. 20
W. H. Kruger. Tlllamook Sep. 20
Herodot Hamburg Sep. 20
Moana Australia Sep. 21
Coos Bay Newport Sep. 22
Steamer. I Destination.
Sails.
Pier.
Pomona ... Humboldt Sep. 15, 3 pm Pier 9
Doric ...... China & Japan Sep. 15, 1 pm PMSS
Columbia .. Portland Sep. 15, 11 am Pier 24
Newburg .. Grays HarborlSep. 15, 5 pm Pier 13
Rival WlUapa Har. Sep. 15, 6 pm Pier 2
Del Norte.. Portland Sep. 18, 10 am Pier 2
Coos Bay.. Newport Sep. 16, 9 am Pier 11
Eureka Humboldt Sep. 17. 10 am Pier 13
Empire Coos Bay Sep. 17, 12 m Pier 13
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena.. Sep. 17, 2 pm Pier 3
Newport ... New York Sep. 18, 12 m PMSS
Walla W... Victoria Sep. 18, 11am Pier »
Corona ....ISan Diego Sep. 18, 11 am Pier 11
Arcata (Coos Bay Sep. 19, 12 m Pier 13
Australia .. Honolulu Sep. 19, 2 pm Pier 7
[aqua Humboldt Sep. 19, 5 pm Pier 2
State Cal.. Portland Sep. 20, 11 am Pier 24
Bonita .... Newport Sep. 20, Jam Pier 11
W. Krurer Tlllamook Sep. 20 jPler 2
North Fork Humboldt Sep. 21, 9 am Pier 2
Q. Dollar. .|Grays Harbor Sep. 21
S: Maru IChlna&Japan Sep. 22, 1 pm PMSS
Santa Rosa(San Diego Sep. 22, 11 am Pier 11
15.
lun -rises
iun sets ....*.
loon rises, thii
¦rl qua!
-Ver .'.".'.".".".".".'.*.".".",
5:51
....«:«
.11:02 p. m.
O Time -¦
£ Ft.
» H "W
15... 6:19 ~~4.1
.6 ... 6:35 4.2
L, W
17 ... 0:32 0.2
L8 ... 1:29 0.2
L9 ... 1:16 0.3
!0 ... 2:57 0.4
•1 ..; 3:33 0.7|
I Time]
L. W
9:44
11:08
H W
7:SS
8:26
9:06
9:44
I 10:19
iTlme .-..
Ft. Ft.
H W
3.2 4:00 6.4
3.S 5:08 S.2
L W
4.4 12:30 S.2
4.7 l:gj> 2.9
4.9 2:32 2.5
6.2 3:20 2.1
| 5.3| 4:00| 1.1)
Time
Ft.
L W
11:26 0.2
ii.w ""
6:20 E.I
7:29 5.1
8:29 S.I
»:23 .5.1
I 10:12 5.1
REAL. KSTATH — CITY — FOR SALE.
f".r» WILL build 4-room bay-window cottage:
will In anr town around the bay; plans
[amMwd] low «>i«titi:atcs given: «lroy i«aiai
SALS3URT. builder, rear c." 15C9 Broadway,
f^an Kranc'.sco.
THE rtwlcert building lets in Richmond: on
Uth ave.. near Clen.er.t «••!.: only $C0o t-ach;
ca: yjerm*. V.\ J. GVNN. K5 California rt.
rU-Ccft-COBKER lot. :ooxlW: new build Ins!
grocery i.nJ har. nc-ck ar.J fixtures: on end
of oar line; clearing $3*9 rno. Cox 2718. Call.
A rAn<iAlN-$!0?,0; h»« dor.-n: 4 rooms and
beta: bard nr.irh<->d; level lot: 7-foot plonk
l-afrPR-.cnt. 403 Bank *t.. near Courtlan.1 ave.
MISSION cottcye; C rooms unil bath; large lot;
terras to yutt buyer. Owner 413 Kearny st.
PUSH. 225— Nice, largo residence : coull be
raiTif-1 in'.o f.<us; yrrv -uritiy; 5QxlS7:C: call. |
ItEAL ESTATE— COIXTIIY — For Sale
AUCTICN BALE.
THE LOS MEDAN'OS RANCHO.
rroperty of the L. L. ROBINSON ESTATE.
Comrrising about SOCO acres of rich farming
land, located near Antloch, in Contra Costa
County, will be Rfid as a whole
AT AUCTION:
FATURDAT, SEPT3:MHER 2£ 1903. at 12
o'clock noon.
At the Robinson borne place, Los Medanos
station, m-ar Antlocli. This fine ranch has a
frontage of several mile* on the San Joaquin
River and ls traversed by both the Southern
Pacific and Santa Fe railroad*. The stations
of Cornwall and Los Medanos arc on the ranch.
At the same time and place wiJl be sold the
tewn lots belonging to the s=ame estate, located
In Ar.tioch and New YcrL Landing, in quanti-
ties to *ult fcurchasers.
Intending purchasers from Fan Francisco
rhould c«-t tickets to Los Medanos.
Tcr further rartirulJirs k*« catalosrues.
KOVEE. TOY tc SONNTAG. Auctioneers.
€24 Market St., San Francisco.
$rv*— RAXCH. SO acres, for sale: F-room house
'"•n place: fenced in; pler.ty water; few fruit
end shade trees; 65 a<~res good to farm, th*
rest rood pasture: V& miles from Cyron
Sprtnsr; 3 mile* from Byron: must be sold
account of mortgage. Write to P. O. box
34. Byron. Cal.
ACCURATE personal knowlwjge—evh of the
SOW ranches on my PALE and EXCHANGE
lift. More than all other aj:ent* in this city.
N. n. F1CKTJ.S. ?h«- land aont. « Ceary gt.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
roil "in veVt1Sent?~*'" ~~ "~ w^~-
4 new rno<>rn .'-room cottages; pay 10 per
cent; bert I^xati'-n; always rented. Apply to
A. R. nnXKE 5?R.. 240-1 Webster St.. Alaireda.
BARGAINS la improved and unimproved Ala-
meda real estate in all parts of Alameda on
«-a5y term*. Alameda Land Company, laf>0
Park Ft.. AlameJa; 20 Post St.. Fan Francisco.
OFFER wanted for an elegant house cf S
rooms: rlease call and Fee It. Owner, J. H.
YOUNG. 1242 Park ft.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS:
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
GROUP of new houses for sale. These houses
are all modem, from S to 7 rooms: sewered;
bathe: hot and cold water: street work done; <
prices firn JlSfO up; terms from $100 to 1400
down and balance in monthly payments;
houses all close tr> local trair.s and vrlll sell
right off. Take Berkeley train, g-et off at
Lorin and ask for RUDOLPH. PERKINS &
LYOX.
SMALL neat cottage of 4 rooms, pantry anfl
bath: S blocks from Eta.tton; a desirable place
for any one wanting a home; price 1700; $100
d<rwn. balance to suit Take Berkeley train,
get oft at Lorin and inquire for RUDOLPH,
PERKINS &. LYON.
BOB-PRETTY cottaBe; 5 rooms and bath;
tertr.s easy.
t;6f-ft— Good T-room -house and bath." facing
Fcuth; near cars; 12600.
?S2W_S-roem house and bath; cew and mod-
ern ; terrrif eafy.
$S0fl<> — Modern houw of S rooms, etc. : large
let; close to university.
O. G. MAY & CO..
2123 Center St.,
Berkeley, Cal.
t225O— YOU rea.lly should see this: It's worth
ln«r>«ctfcm; Just computed; southeast corner
Telegraph ave. and Derby St.; 5-room cot-
taj?<>. finished in a thoroughly workmanlike
rr.sr.ner la every respect; with electric lights,
ca* connections, etc.. and only 10 minutes'
Ufc'.k from th<? university. Apply to MASOX
& McLEXATHEX. adjoining P. O.. Berkcley
s ration.
BERKELEY BUYERS. »
We have for sale fine larpe lota near the unl-
T.»rsity for 130 per frcnt foot; get one while they
la>t: al«> a good building lot, $300. BURR &
HOLMFS, 460 Tenth *t.. Oakland.
ALTA PUNTA TRACT-San Pablo ave., 2
miles north of Berkeley: 1150 to $250 per acre;
lote SO0 to IJEO »»ch; J." a month: call for
map*. G. W. HAIGHT. 4C1 California St.. S.F.
FRJilTYALE ADVERTISEMENTS
FRriTVALE HKAL ESTATE.
CHICKEN ranch of • or 4 acres, with bulld-
ir.rs and outhouso-. for rale cheap. Call at
H*>rm!tag*>. 1'rrxr Frultval*. :
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
ChFiCE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL. ESTATE.
CAPITALISTS, attention— A building site you
might s*>»k for age* and never find its equal;
comrr E!xt*er.th ave. and Nineteenth st.,
, opposite Independence Park. East Oakland:
lot 15«'>xl4f>: from it* apex, easy of access, the
•urrour.iilng hlils. valleys and waters form i
one grand panorama; must be s^en to. be ap-
preciated; the right party desiring to build.
Inducements will be offered. 435 Seventh st..
Oakland. H. Z. JOXES.
Land owner.
OAKLAXD FtL'.MTURE FOR SALE.
AX Introduction to yr>u from H. Schellhaas. the
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
ROOMS FOR IIOtSEKEKI'IXC. \
CHESTNUT. 2S3. cor. Dupont— Fine~furnUhed
rooms for houpekeepinr; ch^ap.
CLAY. 24J1. near Flllmore— 2 large unfurnished I
rooms; upper flat; yard; water; rear; rent $7. I
KEVISADERO. IKS— Nicely furnished house- I
keeping- rooms and other rooms; rent *6 to $10. !
EDDY, 815 — S or 4 unfurnished sunny rooms;
conveniences: fine location; private residence.
HLLIS. CL nr. Larkin— Newly furnlsheS sunny
front room for housekeeping: $10.
GOLDEN GATE. C2— 2 tunny rooms furnished
fcr housekeeping; eas «ove. ninnlne water.
IVY ave., 217. near Franklin— Two very cozy
rooms; ttove, einX: no children 13.
McALI.ISTEI*. 9C7— 3 sunny furnished bay-win- !
dow rooms, bath: German family: J18 month.
2 LARGE sunny rooms: newly furnished; com- '
plPtc for housekeeping: rent $2 25 per week. ;
Apply «t Fboe etcre. 5C2 Micelon 6t.. between ]
First e.r.& Second.
OAK. )1S— Sunry room; Ir.rpe closet; furnished j
for hcurckeepinK: t6. Call after 4 o'clock.
POLK. Z22 — Furnlshrd and unfurnished house- j
keerlri rooms; rent chrap.
TEHAMA, C— 2 cr 3 rocxr.s complete lor house- !
kstrJne: reasonable. ]
TWENTY-THIRD. 2726, near Dolores— Two i
fu:;ry bay-wln3ow rms.; nice, neat, complete. |
VAN NESS, <?2— Up'iKx floor elegantly fur- ]
f niched: ! rooms and bath; gas ranee; every-
thing corrrl*^*; sonny. j
KOOMS TO LET — Fnrn. and Unfurn.
A2"BRU^S^v7c^Trou^pr^4T™Slrth— RoornTlIc
to SI i-f-r night; - c l r:. to '"• per week, &nd light
house keefclr-s; open all night.
\ QUIET nn.l rorpectsble home for light house-
ke^j'lnj; rultoxi }K up; bath; telephone. St.
.'-.T.j.-y. McAllister -si! Lacuna its.
BRYANT, 16CC— 4 large eunny rooms to rent,
with u«e Ct ft*b!e; rent (12.
UCKNETT. 1CS Market ~ol<J No. 13C4)— Fur-
n:*h?d ra«., ruites, single; also' unfurnished.
L.l'SII. 120 (The E:k)— Changed hand», newly
renovated, nicely furn. eunny rms.. Jl Hi to 17
*tt'«; 2So to_ (I SO night. AIP.S. P. ItANFT.
3C7. near Sixteenth— Sunny furnirheU
fnnl bedroom.
¦MFTOItD. "2M E1li7."Tcr~:JaKcn— El«gar.tly
furnished sur.ry rooms; prices reasonable.
ItLLrS. CSS. corner Larkin— Sunny front room;
double folding bed: Wclsbach lights,
¦TRNIFHED rooms to let at Park House. 2723
it.
ItOOMS TO LET — Fnrn. ami Unfurn.
GEARY, 6SC-=tlegant sunny front parlor, piano,
light hskpg. ; suites; other pleas, rms.: phone.
GRAND SOUTHERN, routheast corner Seventh
anJ Mission ets.— Sunny rooms, en suite or |
single; ladles' parlor; readlns-room; elevator.
HOWARD. S2V- Rooms from $1 week up to $5;'
IGc to Si night: also housekeeping rooms.
HOWARD. ?S3, cor. 6th— Orlando House— New
manajement ; furnished rms.; suites or single.
HOWARD. m^B. nr. Sixth— Sunny furnished
frcnt rooms j'.nd ether? ; $1 23. $1 SO. up.
LAS PALMAS.lico Market st.— Suite of 2 or 3
rms.; private; bath; gin, rms.; board optional.
LKAVICNWORTH. 40T., near EHls— Two nicely
forn'.shed sunny rooms.
MARKET. 1033— 2 elegantly furnished sunny
front suits, with running water; also other
rooms; reasonable; open all night.
MASON. ISOl-Nicely furnished rooms to let;
single and en suite^ rr - ¦ -".'
NINETEENTH. S51S. cr. Valencia— Nice sunny
rocm; cas and bath: rent f7.~- *
OTARRELL. 20 — Sunny furnished rooms and
offices* elevator; electric lights; day. wk., mo.
POLK. 152&-- Large, well furnished room; two
I meals a day If desired; reasonable and good;
| gentlemen preferred; private.
j POTRICRO ave.. M2. ccr. 21?t-3 r>unny connect-
' ing rooir.E; all newly furnished.
; HOSKP.'O.E House, SIP and S21 Ellis st.— Rooms,
i night £Cc to Jl. week Jl 25 to J4; open night.
ROYAL HOUSE, 12S Ellis 6t.— Incandescent
lisht: reading room, smoking room and ladies'
I parlor; rocr.15. per night. 2ic to Jl 50; week. J2
to JS: month. ?S to J20: elevator on office
floor: rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 2S Eighth St.,
near Market— Furnished or unfurnished.
! SIXTH. 1S«— Furnished cunny rooms: single or
• suite?; also rooms for light housekeeping.
I TAYIX)R, H(V- Large sunny front room, $15;
another. ?12; handsome suite, $50; all newly
furnished: private.
ROOMS AND BOARD.
I BOARD and rooms at 413 First st., near Har-
I rison.
SPECIAL SOTICEs!
ROOMS papered from $2 50; whitened. $! up;
painting done. Hartman Paint Co.. 319 Third.
BAD tenants ejected for *4: collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO..
415 Montgomery St.. rooms 9-10; tel. Sf.Sd.
SBWIXG MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged: re-
pairing lowest rates; open oven. 205 4th et.
BOUGHT, sold, rented, repaired, needles and
i Bhuttles: reduced rates. 145 6tb:pbone Mint 4">.
I ALL kinds boujrht. Hold and rppalrlng guaran-
teed. Charles Plambeok. 1913 Mission, nr. 15th.
AND WARKHOISES.
"WILSON BROS., storage and moving: covered
vans. Tenth and Market: phene South 762.
PACIFIC Rtoiage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Flllmore st. : phon* Jackson 281.
TYPEWRITERS AND SUPPLIES.
GREAT BARGAINS IN r TYPEVVRlTERS-^Ve
I sell better machines for less money than any
! house In the city: rentals, $J. The Typewriter
) Exchange. 526 California, telephone Main 266.
ALWAYS bargains In tvpewrlters; any make.
I Write fcr prices to L. & M. ALEXAN-
DER. 110 Montgomery et.
• NEW typewriters. V> down. $5 month payments.
REVAI.K. 4"9 California st. .
TO LEASE.
TO let— Fine rooms suitable for light manufac-
turing purposes. Apply at 511 Sansome st.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND NOTICE— Dividend No. 83 (twenty-
five cents per share) of the Hutchinson Sugar
Plantation Company, will be payable at the
office of the company. 327 Market St., on and
' after Thursday, September 20, 1900. Transfer
books will elope on Thursday, September 13,
1&00, at 3 o'clock p. m.
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary
PROPOSALS.
PROPOSALS invited— Bids for providing and
Installing a sewage pumping plant for the
; Folsom prison, practically conforming to spec-
i Iflcatlonp now on file with the State Board of
j Prison Directors end State Board of Exam-
iners will be received by 6aid respective
boards at the office of the Board of Exam-
iners in the State Casitol, Sacramento. Cal..
until 2 o'clock p. m. of October 6. 1900. at
¦n-ftfch time they will be publicly cpen?<2. . Tha
! right to reject any or all bids is reserved.
Copies of «oecifleatlons may be obtained from
| the clerk cf the board at Folsom prison.
Each bid must be accompanied by a certi-
fied check for 520CS) drawn on some bank of
good standing to the order cf R. M. Fitrgfer-
ald, president State Beard of Prison Direc-
tors, which check «hall be forfeited to the
State if the bid which accompanies such
check is accented and the party making the
bid refuse* to enter 'nto a contract an1 exe-
cute a rood and sufficient bend, payable to
i the Ftcte of California, in an amount to be
fixed by the State Board of, Prison Directors,
i for the faithful performance of the contract
awarded. By order of the State Board of
Prison Directors.
RRAIXAP.P F. SMITH. Clerk of the Board.
MA RBI AGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday:
Antonio J. Rodrlgues, 41, Warm Springs, and
Maria Dutra, 22, 65 Jackson street.
: Leonard C. Chamberlain, 28. S20 Mission
! street, and Mary A. Murphy, 28, 12 Hampton
place.
I Xavier Fuchs. 34. 133 Third street, and Mary
Regll, 51. 1J3 Third street.
John PetrUk, 34, Valona, and Agnes Bmrek»r,
24, 427 Fouith street.
Charles C. Overehlner. 32. TTS 1 * Folsom street,
and Lulu J. Sprague. 24. San Diego.
E1PJBS-TORIAGES-DEATB8.
BORN.
FLEISCHMAN— In this city. September 9. 1SW,
to the wife of M. R. Fleischman, a daughter.
MADISOX— In this city. September 12, 19C0, to
the wife of Louis Madison, a daughter.
BENSEN— VALEEN— In this city. September
t. l'rfOn. *y the Rev. J. Fuendeling. George E.
Bensen and Hilda C. Valeen.
BLACK— ROEMER- VON SENDEN — In this
> city. September 12. 1SO0. by the Rev. J. Fuen-
* deling. Criarles E. Black and Mathilda Roe-
mrr-von Sendc-n.
CVRR1ER— KLOTZ— In this city, September 12,
1900. by the Rev. E. H. Avery, Charles H.
Currier Jr. and Kathryn B. Klote, both of
San Francisco.
HEETH-SCHLESSELMANN — In this city.
! September 9. 1900. by the Rev. J. Fuendeling,
I Albert J. Heeth of Los Angeles, Cal.. and
Caroline J. Schlesselmann of San Francisco.
HOWES— DWYER- In this city. September 12.
liKfl. by the Rev.. Father Dempsey, George
Howes and Kate Dwyer, both of San Fran-
cisco.
MITCHEL— CAPPELMANN— In this city, Sep-
i tembfT It. 1900. by the Rev. J. Fuendeling.
; William Mitchel of Petaluma, Cal., and Anna
Cappelmann of San Francisco. «
RYANT-LUCAS— In this city, September 13,
1000. by the Rev. F. A. Dcane. Isaac A. Ry-
ant of San Francisco, and Hattle B. Lucas
of Angels. CaJaveras County. Cal.
DIED.
Adams. .T. B. Kelly. James
Bacon. Mary A. Menne, Elizabeth M.
i Kciwardfi. James Nickelt, Arrie U.
Feely. John M. CrBrlen, Clifford F.
KI?hbourne. Viola F. Rumetsch. George W.
Glynn. Daniel S. Sherry. John
Hanson. Chri«in Kilberetein. Miltcn
' Johns. Edwin L. Swanton, Thomas
, Kane. Michael Tralnor, Mary
; Kibbe, Rose Walsh. Mrs. Mary
I ADAMS-In this city. September 1J. 1900. J. B.
i Adams, member of Lincoln Poat No. 1. G.
I A. R.
j Ey Remains at the parlors of Carew & Eng-
lish. 41 Van Ness avenue. Notice of funeral
! hereafter.
! BACON— In this city, September 14, 1900, Mary
! A., beloved wife of Fred L. Bacon, beloved
1 mother of Robert B. and Rosco C. Bacon.
I and slKter of Mrs. J. I>. Woodbrldse and
j Katherlne Mandeville. a native of New York,
axed 41 years and 1 month. . -
I EDWARDS — In this city. September 14, 1JC0,
j James Edwards, a native of England, aged
i S4 years. "-
I WeeD net that his tolls are over.
Wtcp not that his race is run.
God grant we may rest as calmly
When our work, like his, Is ¦ done.
Peaceful be thy ellent slumber. .
" Peaceful in thy crave so low.
Thou no more will join our number,
Thou no more our sorrow know.
FROM THE ONES HE LOVED.
-CT-The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Sunday), at 10 o'clock, from the residence
fifc.NRY «!. GALLAGHER CO..
(Successor to Flannspan & Gallagher).
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMHALMERS.
• Zi Fifth si., opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South SO.
. ¦ » ¦ — _ ¦¦ ; ¦¦.;-.-
In : arithmetic the Chinese "was first to
Invent the - decimal . system— the - way of
counting by tens, : which 'has' been adopt-
ed by all nations except the English. j
of Mr. Robert Alexander, K street, between
Fifth and Sixth avenues south. South Sar.
Francisco. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
FEELY— In this city, September 14, 1900. John
M. Feely, beloved husband of Bridget Feely,
ajid father of John F. and James V. Feely.
Mrs. J. P. Coujrhlin of Grass Valley. Mrs. W.
A. Cross of Vallejo and Rose. Frank. Lucy
and Annie Feely, a native of Edinburgh,
Scotland, acc-d "C years.
FISHBOURNE— In Oakland. September 13. 1300,
Viola F. (Pet), beloved daughter of Kate F.
and the late Jasper Fishbourne. a native of
San Francisco, aged 19 years 1 month and 3
days. %
Ah! but alas for the smile that never but one
face wore.
Ah! for the voice that has flown away like a
bird to an unknown shore.
Ah! for the face, the flower of flowers, that
blossoms on earth no more.
K^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 10 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 825 Ellis street, thence to St. Mary's
Cathedral, Van Ness avenue, where a solemn
requiem high muss will be celebrated for the
re,pose cf her soul, commencing at 10:30
o'clock, thence by electric funeral car from
Fourteenth and Mission streets. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
GLYNN— In this city. September 14, 1900. at his
residence, 4103 TwenHpth street, ' Daniel S.
Glynn. brother of Michael. James ana the late
Thomis Glynn. Mrs. M. T. Kelly and the late
Mrs. B". Curley, and uncle of James. Mark,
Aupusta G., Josephine and Cecelia Kelly, a
native of County Clare, Ireland, aged 4S
years.
inyNotlce of funeral hereafter.
HANSEN— In this city, September 13, 1900,
Chrlstin Hansen, beloved sen of Mr. and Mrs.
Captain Christ Hansen, and brother of Rosle,
Robert and Alma Hansen. a native of San
Francisco, aged 4 years and 2 days.
ETTrieiids anJ acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence of
his parents. 718 Bay street, between Leaven-
worth and Hyde.- Interment I. O. O. F. Ceme-
tery.
JOHNS— September 13. 1900. Edwin L-. beloved
6on of Mrs. Anna M. Johns, and brother of
William A. Johns. Mrs. Perry B. Learnard,"
Mrs. F. XV. Thompson and Mrs. J. B. McKen-
zie, a native of Wisconsin, aged 44 years and
10 months.
IC" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 10:30 o'clock,' from the parlors
of Halstei & Co.. 946 Mission street. Inter-
ment Cypress Lawn Cemetery. .
KAN&-In the City and County Hospital, Sep-
tember 13, 1900, Michael Kane, a native of
Ireland, ased 16 years.
KELLY— In this city, September 13, 1900, Jamej
Kelly, beloved con of Cornelius and Bridget
Kelly, and beloved brother of Mrs. Patrick
O"Drlen and Paul, John and May Kelly, a
native of California,, a^ed 24 years 5 months
and 'I days.
(T7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sundav). at 1 o'clock, from the parlors or
the Gantner & Guntz ITndertakingr Company,
12(5 Mission street. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
KIBBE— In this city, September 14, 1900, Rose,
beloved wife of Howard D. Kibbe, and mother
of Louise and Ethel KIbbe, a native of Aber-
deen. Scotland, aged 34 years.
MENNE— In this city, September 13. 1900. at
the residence of her parents. 22 Capp street,
between Fifteenth and Sixteenth. Elizabeth
M.. dearly beloved wife of Albert H. Mennc.
mother of William A. and Walter W. Menne,
daughter of Christian and Gesine Werner,
and Fister of Louis P. Werner, a native of
San Francisco, aged 38 years 7 months and
3 days.
CFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funefcal to-morrow
(Sunday), from St. Paulus' German Evan-
pellcal Lutheran Church, corner Eddy and
Gough streets, where services will be held,
commencing at 2 o'clock. Interment I. O. O.
F. Cemetery.
NICKELL— In this city, September 13, 1900,
Arrie V., beloved wife of George W. Nlckell.
and daughter of Mrs. S. D. Hill of Berkeley, a
native of Pennsylvania, aged 34 years and 8
months.
K?"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday). at 12:15 o'clock, from the 'family
residence. 1SS0 Ellis street. Interment Moun-
tain View Cemetery, Oakland.
O'BRIEN— In this city. September 14, 1900. at
the residence of his parents, 2311 Webster
street. Clifford F., dearly beloved eon of
Thomas F. and Fannie M. O'Brien, a native
of San Francisco, aged 11 months.
CFuneral to-morrow (Sunday), at 11
o'clock. Interment private.
RUMETSCH— In this city. September 14. 1900.
Geomce William Rumetsch, dearly beloved son
of Jacob and Katherlna Rumetsch, and
brother of Mrs. J. Clausen and Herman
Rumetsch. a native of San Francisco, aged
23 years 2 months and 10 days.
te3""Fr!ends and acquaintances .are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 12 o'clock, from the parlors of
the Gantner & Gunti Undertaking Company.
1209 Mission ttreet. between Eighth and
N'inth. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by
carriaare.
SHERRY— In this city, September 14. 1900.
John, beloved husband of Delia Sherry, and
father of Mary, Bell, Josie, Katie and Johnny
and Agnes Sherry, a native of County Clare,
Ireland, ared 64 years.
JETFriends and acquaintances are * respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from the parlors of
J. C. O'Connor & Co., 767 Mission • street,
thence to St. Francis Church for services at
1:30 o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary Ceme-
tery.
EILBERSTEIN— In this city, September 14, 1900
Milton, dearly beloved child of Julius and
Cepora Sllbersteln. a native of San Francisco,
aged 1 year 5 months and 11 days.
SWANTON— In Golden Gate. Cal.. September
12. 1900. Thomas, beloved husband of Mary
Swanton. and father of Lizzie Swanton and
Mrs. Philip Creasor, a native of Ballehole.
County Cork, Ireland, aged 57 years.
Thou art gone to the grave, yet we will not
derlore thee.
Though sorrow and darkness accompany the
tomb.
The Savior had passed through its revelets
before thee.
May the lamp of his love be his guide
throueh the gloom.
XZ7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of McGinn Bros., 31 Eddy street,
thence to St. Mary's Cathedral, where services
' will be celebrated for the repose of his bohI.
Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
TRAINOR-In this city, September 14, 1900,
Mary, belcved wife of the late John Tralnor,
and mother of Frank, John and Edward
Trainor and Mrs. Lizzie Hayes, a native of
County Monaghan, Ireland, aged 49 years and
4 months.
tyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from her- late resi-
dence, 1S21 Greenwich street, thence to St.
Brigid's Church for services. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
WALSH-In tills city, September 12, 1900, Mrs.
Mary Walsh, aged 69 years.
E7The funeral will take place this day
(Saturday), at 10:45 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 1328 Scott street.
No. JPriie.lNo. Prize. INo. Prize.
65602 4065659 16{65803 24
85825 16:83*43 40185878 100O
85935 1668037 24 68102 1«
66200 4068212 80:66269 40
66361 89664S9 16j665S3 1«
«6649 1866697 24 66701 14
66967 24 66987 24167049 24
87123 80 67208 40|87317 8>
67531 40167533 4>)!«7343 IS
67374 40167734 808S163 W
6S233 16|6SX3 16|682S2 lfi
68342 16,63543 16;6£650 40
6SS09 . 16(68864 120:88883 1»
69046 16i6905J 130 0031 1*,
69113 " 16 63206 24[63361 24
69839 24'H993 40|70ia> M
70131 16|7O2O3 24:70263 19
70780. 14I7OS31' 24J70320 1»
70937 lsl.llH 24171126 40
71269 16;71270....^.. 40'71232 1*
T130S 16 71443 2j|71ISS 16
H533 24 71545 40:71575 IS
ri8S4 16 71693.. 1SJ71903 1*
71911 18 72009 80 73377 1*
72117 16172173 24 72213 18
72151 16172471 24i72502 10
725S3 16 ! 72S95 16(72618 W
72756 16,7332 80I73O49 24
73147.. 4'V73lfiS 40:73489 IS
73719 40J737S3 16)73318 21
7405T 40 740S2 40 74133 43
74163 16'74165 400,74291 16
74335 40 74368 15|74631 24
74759 24 74935 40|74932 1«
15038... 40 75073 16 7513S 34
75253 1675301 40 75415 40
75439 16)75391 80|73711 24
T5947 24 76043 16178150 16
78334 1(178445 16176464 1*
76485 Mi7«704 18!76904 18
76969........ 1676394 16I77015 12f»
77123 2477225 15,77413 1«
77474 16i77431 40 77314 18
773S1 40177640 80!77679 1«
77709 40 77831 * 40:77336 40
! 77929 1177334 40177954 2*
77973 21:78055 24 78059 40
I 7809S 24I7S1S1 1SI78408 89
78310 21178318 40J78674 18
78762 16 7S768 24[7SS14 IS
,78841 1000 78875 40t7S899 18
78942 40 78358 24i79209 80
! 79254 80 73573 83170539 ~ 24
179601 16 79683 24179742 24
7S812 IS 7S953 120179984 24
79986 18 80058 40I8013S Z\
¦ 80163 IS 8C2K 24JS02S7 1«
¦80308 16 80338 16|$0457 18
' 80521 24130592 16;80723 24
80741 18 '89750 16IWS43 18
80955 18 80973 lS'SlOOS 1«
81408 24S145S.... Is nsi* - 1*
j 81533 16181574 80JS1S12 1*
81923 40 82051..." 16'S2101 40
82302 24 ! 82433 16;S353 18
I 82321 16!82530 401*332 40
112827 40|82678 24182683 IS
; W713 18 82742 80 ''32*13 18
82324 16182(73 80^2830 M
'82303 120 S2378 16IS30S5 40
(83103 40 83105 24J83174 18
83232 80 83319 168.1360 24
83622 18 S3683 18: 83830 24
84097 161*4178 24!S4212 40
184304 « 84350 2l!«4534 ¦ 9>
i 84314 8084365 16|«t«8 W
1 85174 24S547> 1685615 18
1 85674 1201*3678 lStS-VWl.' IB
1 85713 120 85783 24!858O7 tS
I 83819 24 83910 40188057 40
, 88133 80>8S325 Mj^SST 80
. 86445 16JS64SO 24 86436 80
: 8660« * 16 S6632 4<VS<B30 80
8S767 16 88819 1S!S 1 SS2<» 24
' 86862 14 87043 401*7473 40
I 875S6 16 87607 16JS7639 21
I 87708 24I877S2 120I87837 24
188033 16188260 16 188307 • H
,88307 16 88560 16ISS740 40
188838 16 88327 IS'83016 2*
189077 16 S9187 1SIS923 SO
! 89337 U)mZ3 18'S9223 80
89397 21183523 Mi ©710 *1
83347 1689906 24|S3315 W
; 89937 16 90001 24190100 2»
I 9010S 24190234 24'90262 .T IS
I W233 40(90300 16 90424 IS
I 9C432 16 90472 l«'904S0 *>
I 90608 21 00651 24;5C6S9 W
I 90751 24!91066 lStMllS 18
; 91210 18191215 80191235 It.
; 912S2 ,» 18!»1321 1«!S14O7 11
91438 80(91573 16S91583 24
91643 16I91673 40J917S6. 2»
91808 1691S70 l« ! 32O<m 1*
: 92078 16 92107 16192127 24
92130 18'92308 16:32343 1«
i 92415 80!92417 80 92428 24
[92430 40192637 30J32841 :. 41
92663 16192768 4032- < WA.« 21
82321 40192333 40132940 1*
93305 1*33371 1«:93392 80
93508 40 93584 16 ; 3JSi5 40
93843 24!94107 24 34187 19
94417 40(34443 16,94437 «
94339 18194602 2434314 11
94832 24I94S83 4034312 21
95339 16|95SI3 40?3«J7 2*
96100 1638253 24I5631H 2*
98364 16106413 18)3*426 18
96486 1896573 24:96638 18
9676S. 16 9*830 1696S52 2»
96S7S 80l9€S01 24 ! 36052 21
96974 16197132 80J9719S 80
97266 24197267 ls!972>S 1«
97317 24J97470 24i97474 18
97496 ; 24197537 80,97533 24
97576 16J977S7 24 l 077S9 24
i 97877 16!97942 16137954 12f>
97973 1S!9799« 400 98003 1«
98045 16SV8087 40 39133 14
i 98138 4CJM206 24'9S210 13
I 9S514 24I9K51 Hv3S603 14
(98734 18I9S779 24I9S32S 24
193098 16199461 80;39534 18
: 99598 16|93791 16:99871 19
99947 16| I ~
APPROXIMATION PRIZES.
One hundred numbers from 43643 to 43745. In-
clusive, belnr 50 numbers on each side of tho
number drawing the first capital prize of f30.-
000— »40.
One hundred numbers from S3312 to 55612. In-
1 elusive, being 50 numbers on each side of tho
number drawing the capital prize of ISOOiV— J21.
One hundred numbers from 23525 to 29625. In-
clusive, betas' 50 numbers on each side of th«
number drawing the capital prize of $4000—114.
TERMINAL PRIZES.
Nine hundred and nlnety-nin« numbers end-
Ins with 95. being the two last figures of th«
number drawing tha capital prize of 130,000— $8.
Nl«e hundred and ninety-nine numbers end-
ing wltb 62. being the two last figures of the
number drawing tha second capital prize of
JSOOO-JS.
The subscriber, having supervised the single
number drawing. Class I. Honduras National
Lottery Company, hereby certifies that the
above are the numbers, which were this day
drawn from the 100.000 placed tn the wheel,
with the prizes corresponding to them.
Witness my hand at Puerto Cortes, Honduras.
C. A., this Saturday. September 8. 1900.
(Signed) W. S. CABELL, Commissioner.
$3750 FOR tS CENTS-ONE - EIGHTH OF"
FIRST CAPITAL PRIZE.
NEW YORK. Aug. 30. 1900.
Before me. Woolfgeschlnsky. of 154 Monroe
street, in this city, was sworn and says that
he la the bona fide owner of one-eighth ticket
No. 86837. class H. Honduras National Lottery
Company of Puerto Cortex, and with a num-
ber drew the first capital prize of thirty thou-
sand ($30,000) dollars and has received the
money in full. Certificate filed in New York
County.
(Signed) "WOOLFGESCHINSKY.
MAX WUSTROW.
Notary Public No. 75, Kings County.
J3750 FOR 25 CENTS— ONE-EIGHTH OF
FIRST CAPITAL PRIZE.
State of Missouri. County of Jackson.
KANSAS CITT. Mo., Aug. 22. 1909.
'We are the bona Sde owners of one-etght2i
ticket No. 86837. drawing of the Honduras Na-
tional Lottery Company. August 11, 1300, held
at Puerto Cortez, Honduras. C. A., which
number won the capital prize of SSO.ooft.
WM. A. SOCR3.
630 West Eighth street. Kansas City. Mo.. Pas-
senger Conductor on Wabash Railroad.
WM. G.. MOON.
Day Clerk. Depot Hotel, Hannibal. Mo.
Witness: S. S. Warner, 1408 Cherry street.
Kansas City. Mo.
Subscribed and sworn to by Wm. A. Sours
this August 23. 1900.
(Slrned) BURRITT S. KINO.
/ Notary Public.
$3750 FOR 25 CENTS— ONE-EIGHTH OF
FIRST CAPITAL PRIZE.
State of Illinois, County of Cook.
Max Goldstein, being duly sworn, on his
oath deposes and says he is a resident of 81
Johnson street, in the city of Chicago. State
of Illinois, that he is by occupation a sailor,
that he is the true and rightful and bona tide
owner of one-eighth ticket No. 8SS37, Honduras
National Lottery Company, of Puerto Cortez.
Honduras, and which number ;' drew the first
capital prize of thirty thousand (130.000) dol-
lars at drawing held Saturday. August H. 1900.
in Puerto Cortez, Honduras, and hereby ac-
knowledges receipt of three -thousand seven
hundred acd fifty ($3730) dollars, being payment
in full for said ticket.
(Signed) MAX GOLDSTEIN.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this Au-
gust 20, A. D. 1900. H. KRUELWICH,
Notary Public.
$3750 FOR 25 CENTS-ONE- EIGHTH OF
FIRST CAPITAL PRIZE.
State of Missouri, City of St. Louis.
Andrew Baerlsch, being duly sworn, does de-
pose and say he is a resident of 5304 Wise ave-
nue. St. Louis. Mo., and that he is the bona
fide holder of one-eighth ticket No. 86S37. class
H. Honduras National Lottery Company (La.
State Lottery), drawing of which was held on
Saturday. August 11. 19C0. at Puerto Cortez.
Honduras. C A., which number drew the first
capital prize of thirty thousand ($30,000) dot-
(Signed) ANDREW BAERTSCH.
5304 Wise avenue.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this Au-
gust 17, 1300. WM. 8. DROZDA.
Notary Public
$3730 FOR 25 CENTS— ONE-EIGHTH OF
V FIRST CAPITAL PRIZE.
State of Missouri. City' of St. Louis.
Louisa Boette, of lawful age, being duly
sworn, on her oath says that she, Is the bona
fide owner of the one-eighth ticket No. 86*37
In the Honduras National Lottery. August 11.
drawing, which number won the first capital
prize of -thirty thousand ($30,000) dollars.
(Signed) LOUISA BOETTE.
Sworn to and subscribed before me this Au-
gust 24. 1900. S CHAS. ANDERSON.
Notary Public
Originals of foregoing affidavits held • by
president of Honduras National Lottery Com-
pany (Louisiana State Lottery Company).
NUMBERS
—OF THE
Honduras National Lottery Co.
(LOUISIANA STATE LOTTERY.)
[PATENT APPLIED FOR.J
Class "1." Puerto Cortex, Honduras, C.A.,
Saturday, September 8, 1OOO.
No. Prize. No. Prize. No. Prize.
33 24 " 69 16 249 U
281 80 317 24 307 2*
400 80 46$ 16 777 1«
993 IS 1005 16 1092 IS
1143 1« 1240 14 1277 SO
1348 18 1594 1« 1870 1«
16S9 24 2926 24 »43 M
2066 24 2228 18 2379 IS
2389 120 243S 80 3430 M
2516 80 2SS2 24 2567 19
2SQ1 24 2711 24 2961: 4)
3063 24 30«4 16 3140 IS
3255 ' 24 3307 IS 3372 «
3376 80 3554 18 3658 IS
»735 16 3S73 1« 3904 IS
3S07 40 8935 24 3938 19
SS67 24 4259 24 42SS 24
4343; 40 4473 24 4763 14
6068 40 5113 24 6231 49
6284 40 5387 24 6417 M
6482 '... 18 M«l 18 6852..' 24
6876 1« 6030 80 6109 16
61J9 24 6219 IS 6267 40
6323 IS 6404 40 6472 43
6607. 80 6650 16 8732 18
6893... 24 6837 16 6910 24
6940 4Q0 7054 80 7164 1«
7299 15 7340 1* 7345 IS
7362 IS 7379 24 742S 16
7488 18 7533 40 7872 M
7924 18 7941 40 80<0 24
8177 16 KS7 80 8338 It
8401 16 8417 16 8455... 4d
8396 16 8757 40 8763 1«
8866 24 «899 24 8963 120
9025 24 9078 16 9114 *4
9183 16 9229 80 9450 *>
9513 40 9314 24 9900 1«
9937 16 9991 40 10061 40
10157 80 10267........ 16 10308 »
10421.. . 40 10779 24|lO79S 14
10804 16 10835 24110835 16
1C880 16 10995 40 11094 40
11101... 40U181 40 1124! 'M
11367 24 11375 16 11381 16
11676 20 11972 24 11994 18
12004 16 12090 24 12191 16
12383 24 12465 16 11337 24
12660........ 40 12723 16 13016 16
13118........ 24 13260 80 1S3S6 ,. 16
13449 400 13480 16 13571 *»
13614 18 13S15 24 12670 14
13693 120 13699 16 13941 40
14036 24 14296 16 14359 IS
14362 49 14529 16 14622 40
14798 16 14966 24 15000 »
1L036 16 15217 24 15452 21
15454 120 15620 16 15661 18
15708 80 15730 24 15S26 16
15829 16 15S60 1» 15S&J 40
15925 16 15335 40 1*041 14
16211 16 16215 16 16246 24
16382 16 16491 40 16575 1«
16680 16 16710 40 16917 40
17C75 16 17077 16 17421 16
17714 40 17763 1617818 40
17910 24 18002.. 24 1S120 16
18203 16 18270 40 18332 18
183E8 40 18454 16 18473 24
18777 40 18848 24 18972 16
19028 16 19044 40 19083 16
19354... 40 19629........ 16 19675 *t
19917 24 20149 24 20233 84
20501 80 20681 24 20788 If
2S047 40 2100S 40 21104 1«
2U45 16 21175 16 21386..*..... 1«
21669 16 21744 24 21771 24
21914. 24 21934 16 21935 1«
215S9. 16 22020 40 22025 24
2206* 24 22134 16 22138 1«
22238 16 22307 18 223B0 18
22369 24 22536 16 22584 40
22727........ 40 22821 X4 22919 16
23016 40 23135 80 23548 19
23618 16 23S28 120 23675 24
23703 24 23726 24 23870 80
UU1 24*4396 24 1+401 80
24417 24 24462 24 24474 16
24588 16 21612 40 24693 24
24700 24 24723 40 24743 80
24747 40 24S46 16 24922 24
25022 16 25039 16 25084 21
25109 2+26183 24 252S7 *4
25315 40 25349 40 25538 40
25648 40 25657 16 23674 IS
23697 24 25865 24 25880 80
25916.:.. .... 16 25950 16 36064 16
26120 24 26228.; 24 26614 1«
28S72 16 27081.? 16 27092 24
27305 16 274S5 40 27715 24
27S33 120 27927 :. 16 2S029 40
28045 40 28142 80 23155 19
28166 16 28293 16 28413 1«
28509 24 28384..: 24 28985 40
29231 40 29328 40 2951S 18
23525 16 39544 16 29575 4000
29636 16 29705 16 29810 16
29S85 80 29930 16 30048 16
30G.6S 16 30078 80 30114 80
30606 40 30735 40 30747 40
30851 16 309S4 16 31143 18
31312 16 31460 16 31506 80
31523 16 31531 24 31593 40
31639 40 31666 24 31709 16
31778 16 31805.. 24 31S76 40
31985 40 32143 24 32144 40
32321 16 32557 W 32820 24
32655 24 32658 16 32662 16
32674 16 32693 120 32757 40
32787 40 32S60 40 32998 24
33048 80 33399 24 33406 24
3J559 24 33582 40 33717 24
33756 80 33975 80 34116, 24
342S2 24 34361 80 34394 18
34657 16 34681 16 34S94 2*
34826 40 34849 16 34953 2i
34972 40 34977 40 35016 24
35030 24 35036 16 35063 18
35272 24 35303 24 25385 21
35477 16 35553 16 3567S 18
35758 16 35860 24 35887 40
35971 40 35372 16 36003 80
38213 40 36416 40 36498 IS
36556 16 36591 34 37205 40
37296 16 37325 16 37420 40
37621 16 37738 40 37733 2t
37829 16 37920........ 40 38022 18
38086 80 38089 16 38172 1C
38258 16 38406 18 38714 1*
38741 80 38834 40 38902 18
3S162 16 39301 16 39209 40
39212 16 39249 16 39453k 18
39494 40 39684 16 39791 80
89842 24 39860 16 39991........ 120
40164 24 40319 24 40572 80
40701 1*41060 16 41101 16
41124 24 41288. 80 41343 IS
41398 40 41487 16 41943 24
41995 16 42067 24 42349 18
42379 40 42396 40 42407 40
42156... 16 42470.. 24 42713 1«
4J734 , 16 42804 80 42887 4-1
43056 16 43068 120 43034 40
43204 24 43323 80 43382 24
43393 24 43413 16 434*3 430
43538 16 43592 16 43647 40
43656 16 43765 120 43856 ;.. IS
43932 120 44049 16 44085 40
44134 16 44138 16 44192 40
44339^ 16 44443 16 44631 80
44636 16 44643.. 16 44979 24
44994 40 45012 24 43026 IS
45052 46 45186 16 45205 IS
45318 24 45413........ 24|45473 80
45523 16 45689. 16 45737........ , 24
45764 24 45891 16145897 .16
45911 16 45944 16 46064 SO
46191 80 46195 80 46213 SO
46257 16 46368 .... 40 48427 24
46637 24 46850 ;24l46858 16
46879. 24 46885 ; '16 47006 24
47075........ 40 47117 80 4720S 24
47226... 40 47471... 24 47504 18
47529 24 47628 16 47735 IS
47740.. 16 47751 16 47762 24
47779.. 24 47791 24 47832 24
47837 24 48193 16 48234 .". 16
48257 24 48305........ 16 4S326 18
48374 24 48429 .". 24 48557 24
48656 16 48587 24 4S724 24
48307 16 48938 80 4896S IS
49.391 40 49112 24 49183 S»
49207.. 16 49222 40 49358........ 16
49359 16 49396 16 49440 80
49462 80 49591 t.. 16 49641 24
49695 80000 49840 40 49931 *>
5020S 16 50243..'...... 24|50333 34
50514 16150596 40150599 80
50724 80 50797 16l508ft6 16
60949. 16 61011 16IS10SS U
S116S 24 51247... -40 51264 IS
61270 24 51284 40 51430..; 24
B1442 16 51544.....:.. 24 51563 16
51607... 16151636..: 16 51665 16
61639 16151773 16151953 -40
51969 40153090........ 24|521S5 24
52231. ....... 1« 52397 16IR24U -... IS
E2414. ....... 120 52547 24152573 24
C2653 24 52714 16152777 80
52792.. .1452814 40152918 80
53246 24153413 80153463........ 24
53698 1SI55748... '..... 24I&S781. IS
53952...'..... 40154086 16154084 IS
54118 1654175... 16154*28 IS
54276........ 8054335 24154545 ... 24
54559!....... 120 54683 24154795 24
54799 16I54SS0 16 ?5083 IS
55180 16155197... 24!«22S 49
55229 40 55278.. 24155356 24
55562 8000 55623 24155756 15
E5791 24 56260 40!56651 80
5R855 24157035 16 37071 40
57153 24157170........ 84 57202.. 40
57288 16157402...:.... 24 57459 24
57617 80157717 16157784. IS
57834. 80 67874.. 24157944... Id
58015........ 16 58204 40158208........ 16
58219 40 58295.. ...... 120158481 24
58832........ 16168885. 16158950 24
E8352........ 16159056;. 24 59206. ....... 24
59251. 40159309........ 40J59590 16
69609 24159702 2415973* 2f
6978S. 40)60034 16I60O92. 24
60117 16160498 24I&XW1 ' jg
60902.: 2000161190.... 16:61233........ is
61231 40161381 16!6139<5........ 49
61G91. ....... 16161702.... .... 40, 61772........
61793........ 45161910.-:...... 16I62020.;...... is
62052 16I62214.. ! 24162218........ 24
62323 24|«2385 80162450........ 18
62548. ....... 40162669 16|62789.. 24
62332.. 16162940 . 1«F«351. ....... 128
63299... 40163330 16163640 is
63775 16163802........ 40<K!$96 24
63949 :. 40 84015.......: 16164056 l»
84275..'. 40164362 40164365 24
64470. .. 24164504 24164508 19
64515........ • 40164653........ 16I64KS 16
64950........ 24164976 24I84983.. 40
65047 40165053........ 80j6509« 80
6T.T2S. ....... 16165182........ 24165230 24
65S>2.: 16165242 14165251. 40
65278 16 65335........ 80 65454 40After the communications had been
read. Attorney Riordan asked for a con
tinuance. Judge Cook refused to enter
tain the motion, however, and after in
structing Drs. Lustlg and Rethers to
make a further examination of the pa
tient, issued a bench warrant for. her ar
rest and production in court. The war
rant was placed In the hands, of Sheriff
Lockmann , and was i served ¦ by Deputy
Sheriffs William Dasha, Dan Farley and
John "Waible. Drs. Rethers and Lustlg
called and examined Mrs. Craven at the
Palace Hotel. : After they left the room
the Sheriff prepared to take Mrs. Craven
to court. A hack was pressed into ser
vice and after much labor Mrs. Craven
was carried .downstairs and the journey
to. the City Hall began. Before Mrs.
Craven's arrival in court Judge Cook
called Dr. Lustig to the stand to testify
as to her condition. Dr. Lustig said he
had made a further examination of the
patient. "In my opinion," he said, "Mrs.
Craven can be brought to court. There
is an apparent loss of mobility of her
limbs, but I believe there is an effort on
her part to suppress action. I could find
no difference of temperature in her limbs
and at times I noticed a movement of the
same, which, in my opinion, prove her
ability to move the same if she so de
sired."
Judge Cook was about to make another
order commanding the immediate produc
tion of the accused In court, when she
entered, carried by four men. Men and
women turned and glanced Into one an
other's faces. For the first time In their
lives they had seen a defendant, ill be
yond question and maybe unto death, car
ried Into a court of Justice that she might
be arraigned and the prosecution's clamor
for a hasty trial duly honored by the
court.
Mrs. Craven Denies She Is Insane.
"Although my left arm is paralyzed
thank God I can still raise my right In
any court In the land and swear to the
truth," said Mrs. Craven when seen at her
rooms in the California Hotel last night.
"I do not think that Judge Cook knew
how ill I really was," eald she, "when he
sent the Sheriff after me this morning. If
he could only have guessed how anxious
I myself was to go before Judge and jury
and clear my reputation! I value my rep
utation much more than any monetary
consideration. Rather than not b'e cleared
of this charge I would die, but I tell you
my death wouldn't end the Fair case.
Nervous prostration is what I am suffer
ing from. That and partial paralysis of
,the left side. I am not insane nor have
ever even suffered delirium. I am per
fectly sane, as some people may learn- to
their cost before their case Is done. I ex
pect to be.auite well before my case is
called again and will clear myself and as
sert my claims in an Indisputable man
ner." • ¦•-.-.';.¦;¦ :¦>¦.-.-,: ¦:;\..:^j r * : : : ':.~ ¦;.•:•-"»¦¦.¦,- ;
of anatomy at : the ' College of Physicians
and Snrffeona of San "Francisco, said:
"This is to certify that I have this day
attended Mrs. Nettl© K, Craven at St.
L.uke's Hospital and find her suffering
with. an apparent paralysis of both ex
tremities of the left side, Involving mo
tion and sensation. . She is constantly
talking, and almost all she says is of a
rambling nature. The mind 1b very weak
and needs a good long rest. '
"In my judgment, she will not be able
to attend court for some time."
' I>r. F. W. d'Evelyn, in a communica
tion to the court, said:
"At the request of Dr. C. A. Clinton of
this city, I visited Mrs. Fair, now a pa
tient at St. Luke's Hospital, and I hereby
state that It would be requisite that pa
tient be confined to bed for some days to
come. Symptom- most intensified being
loss of motion and sensation in left leg."
Ordered Under Arrest
The Defendant, A1
• ¦ ¦ " . . j ¦.
most Unconscious,
Faces Her Accusers
as the Indictment
Is Read.
Painful Journey From
a Bed of Dangerous
Illness to the Tribu
nal in the City
nan*
MRS. STETTTE R. CRAVEN ts
paying a terrible penalty for
the battle the waged for some
of the millions of James G.
Fair. By the order of Judge
Carroll Cook etie was forced to
rlee from a bed of dangerous Illness and
appear before the bar of the court. Part
ly paralyzed, wan from sickness, mental
ted physical, ero&ol&ted to a shadow of
wfc&t *h« was, weak beyond the power to
ct&nd, fhe was wheeled In a chair Into
the presence of Judg« Cook and her ac
cuser*.
Tne woman presented a pitiable Eight oa
the was carried to the front of the court
rooxa. XVhatever ene had been, whatever
were the merits of her great contest, her
condition, almost utterly hopeless. ex-
Cited pity even from her accusers, from
the Fair attorneya who surrounded her
watchfully, from the iwlvat* detectives
who t-ad followed her to the very doors
cf tte courtroom. She was breathing
heavily and Quickly and In too apparent
distress. She was mambUng Incoherently
of her battle* In other courts. Now and
acrain her eyes wwild open, heavily and
gaxe listlessly at the faces around her.
She was on the border of mental and phy
sical ruin.
Forced From a Sick Bed Into Court.
In such a condition, against the protest
of three reputable phyeldans, against the
pleading cf the few friends who remain
to her. against the earnest objection of
her attorney, she was ordered to appear
In court by Judge Cook and answer to the
charge against her. Judge Cook was as
sured in every reasonable way that the
woman wbjb mentally and physically un
abls to leave her bed. He was even asked
to go to her himself and convince himself
of her condition: but he refused, and is
sued a bench -warrant for her arrest.
Two Deputy Sheriffs went to her apart
ments In the PaJace Hotel. She was In
bed. but was commanded to rise, dress
and po with the officers to the City Hall.
She complied and one of the deputies re
turned to the room, when she had dressed,
lifted her In his arms and placed her In
a chair. With the assistance of other
efflcers and her physician the was carried
down Ftalrs to a carriage which was wait-
Ing at the JP5?ie street entrance. It
Frcmod a.« if there could be no shamming
in the suffering which was pictured in
her face.
Arraigned and Given Time to Plead.
The carriage was drawn rapidly to tho
City Hall, where ajrain Mrs. Craven was
lifted out and carried to the elevator in
the City Hall. She was wheeled along tho
corridor to the courtroom and In such
fashion she went to be arraigned. Judg
Cook demanded that she immediately
plfad. Her attorney asked a continuance
and the court refused it. The District Al
t^rnoy remarked that he paw no harm in
granting the request and Mrs. Craven
was= priven until next Saturday In which
to plead. The army of attorneys, private
detectives and spectators flocked out into
the corridor and Mrs. Craven was wheeled
into the Judge'6 chambers.
A new distress had come upon her. The
manager of the Palace Hotel had sent
word that she could not return and she
had nowhere to go. Her physician
hastened to peek a place and returned
with the Information that she could havt
apartments at the California Hotel. Again
she was wheeled along the corridors. Into
the elevator and out to a waiting car
riage. As the vehicle rumbled away on6
of the deputies whose disagreeable duty
it had been to bring Mrs. Cravc-n into
court said: "That woman will never be
placed on trial; Fhe will be in a coffin or
a madhouse first. " One of the most re
mErkable and regrettable incidents in a
local court of justice had ended.
A Flash of the Old Fire.
That disease has made rapid inroads on
both the mental and physical health of
Mrs. Nettie R. Craven was plainly mani
fest to thow? in court when she was car-
Tied in yesterday afternoon, a prisoner of
The Shrriff. Wan, pale and emaciated, In
fact gaunt and trembling from weakness,
her hair disheveled and eyes flashing in
Funkcn pockets, phe came Into court to
listen to the reading of the indictment
charging her with perjury. Her features
winced with what the public readily be
lieved to be ponulnf pain and suffering
ar.d her limbs tremblingly rested upon the
chair placed to support them. Her quick.
d«--ep respiration betokened suppressed ex
citement, and after taking a quick glance
at the court and lawyers she leaned back
!n hr-.r chair and closed her eyes to the
view before her. Judge Cook peremptorily
ordered the arraignment'of the accused.
Clerk Otcar Tolle advanced to the middle
of the courtroom, vhere Mrs. Craven half
reclined in her chair, and obeyed the
order of the court. "Nettle R. Craven,"
said the clerk, "is that your true name?"
Affidavits of Physi
cians and Pleadings
of Attorneys Count
for Nothing With
the Court.
Physically Distressed
and Mentally Shat
tered the Woman
Is Carried. Into the
Courtroom.
MRS. NETTIE R. CRAVEN, DESPERATELY ILL, ORDERED
BY JUDGE COOK INTO COURT TO BE ARRAIGNED
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 15, 1900.
In a- communication to the court, dated
September 11, Dr. E. S. Howard, adjunct
to, the chair of surgery and demonstrator
' In his report. Dr. Max Saloman, city
physician of tho German General Benevo
lent Society, said: . ¦
"This is to certify that on the night of
September 8 I was called to see Mrs. Net
tle Craven, in order to have her trans
ported to the German Hospital of this
city. I found patient lying on her bed
suffering from a hemiplegla of left side.
Left leg. complete loss of motion and sen
sation. Pricking with sharp point of pin
elicited no sound from patient, conse
quently did not produce sensation of pain.
Left arm In similar condition, with ex
ception of two fingers which , could be
slightly moved at will. Diagnosis: Hys
terical hemiplegla. Further examination
proved patient to be j mentally deranged.
Her incoherent, disconnected conversa
tion,-accompanied by outbursts of temper,
becoming, in fact, violent, necessitated
my refusing to accept her as a patient at
the German Hospital, since the rules of
the Institution prohibit the taking of pa
tients not of sound mind.".
Reports of the Physicians.
Judge Cook again called for Mrs.
Craven. She was still absent and Dr. D.
D. Lustlg was called to the stand. Before
Dr. Lustig was called upon to testify,
however. Attorney Riordan, on behalf of
Mrs. Craven, asked for a continuance.
He presented three communications from
Drs. Salopian. D'Evelyn and Howard;
These physicians all agreed that Mrs.
Craven j was in no physical condition to
go to court and all had grave doubts as
to her sanity.
Craven was carried downstairs to her car
riage.
Mrs. Craven had been ordered to appear
In ccAirt yesterday morning for arraign
ment. She was not present, but among
those who anxiously awaited her coming
were George :W. Slmpton, the Sausallto
Justice of the Peace, and Adolph Sylva.
Slmpton and Sylva were soon disturbed
from their meditation by the order of the
court, for their arraignment. The Ions
Indictments, charging Sylva •with subor
nation of perjury and Simpton with per
jury, were read. At the suggestion of.
their counsel the defendants were given
until the 17th inst. to plead.
John F. Ryan, a saloon-keeper at Fifth
and Market streets, was fined $5 by Judge
Cabaniss yesterday for battery : upon | Spe
cial Officer J. J. McCabe of. the Orpheum.
Ryan was raising a disturbance outside
the Orpheum Tuesday night, when Mc-
Cabe asked him to be ; quiet: ,. He refused
and struck McCabe on the face.
Struck a Special Officer.
Great" Celebration -Illustrated.
The .Wasp has collected all the" pictur
esque,: scenes of .the semi-centennial cele
bration In one handsome number of thirty
six pages. \ It forms a most interesting
album of the many notable events of the
great, fete., The 'engravings • with which
the publication is > tilled are remarkably
fine and give a realistic idea of the scenes
which attracted the largest crowd of vis
itors that ever witnessed any demonstra
tion in San Franclsco.'^^SS^mEOC
Lecture on Language.
" Professor E. P. Cubnerley of, Stanford
University delivered the second of. his
course of lectures on "The Course of
Study in the .San ; Francisco Public
Schools" yesterday in the Normal School
building on Powell street. The'attcnrlaneo
was large, being composed mostly, of
teachers of the public and -private schools
and those who expect to become teachers.
We are continually adding to our fram
ing department new and novel designs in
framing materials, ' superb patterns arid
shapes in ready-made frames and. in all
manner, of finishes, j Dainty anddellcate
moldinirs at the most reasonable prices.
Sanborn. Vail & Co.. 741 Market street. •
Pretty Effects.
A successful entertainment was given
last night at the . Girls* High School Au
ditorium for the benefit of the Lowell
High School, football team. The perform
ance began with !a- minstrel first part, in
which the pupils of the school, assisted
by some excellent amateur talent, dis
tinguished themselves. The allusion by
the end men to Professor Schmidt of the
Lowell school and the injunction to the
School Board to "cease putting everything
away" were well, received.
The performance' concluded .with the
Beta Sigma- Dramatic 'Club in .the farce,
"Thirty Minutes for Refreshments."
High School Pupils (Jive a Clever
Minstrel and Dramatic Per
formance.
SANG FOR BENEFIT OF
LOWELL FOOTBALL TEAM
Accused bjr the Heirs
of i Barron.
Hassett and. Costello' Are
ATTORNEY AND
CLIENT UNDER
FIRE IN COURT
Barron owed . Costello $9700 and secured
the debt by, assigning to his creditor two
life insurance policies amounting to $14,
000. The claim of Coslello was settled.'
however, for $6500, , ! but for some reason
unexplained the policies were not re
turned - to ¦ Barron; ' -In negotiating the
settlement M. C. Hassett acted as Bar
ron's attorney. •, When Barron died-Has
eett collected the $14,000 ¦ and - paid ' it -to
Costello, not to the heirs of Barron. It
Is to -determine" the "Ownerships of that
money that the present inquiry, was made.
Costello was on the stand : yesterday and
was asked by Attorney Sullivan how
much of the $14,000 he gave' to Hassett. , .
Hassett,: who .was acting as Costello'3
attorney, vehemently objected to the wit
ness answering; the, question. i The court
ordered ..Costello »•; to^" answer. 1 ,-, Hassett
advised . him = to disobey, the court . .and
Sullivan asked Judge Troutt to send them
both to jail for contempt. ¦ Judge i Troutt
threatened • to ' do so if ¦ an , answer, were
not forthcoming and after a long wrangle
Costello admitted v that -Hassett received
nearly $4000 ¦ of the i $14,000 received on the
policies. * ; — : -
Attorney M. C. Hassett and William
Costello narrowly escaped going to jail
yesterday for contempt of court. They
are accused of "having entered into a'con
spiracy, to secure ¦ $14,000 belonging to the
estate of * George "! E. v Barron and the In
quiry to determine' , whether they have
or not was in r . progress yesterday before
Judge Troutt. George E. Barron, it .will
be remembered, was: the son of Edward
Barron, the millionaire. The son con
tested his father's will and gained a con
siderable sum- of. money by : compromise.
"With part of this money he paid his credi
tors, one of whom was William Costello.
Captain Seymour and his men are look
ing for a brace of burglars who entered
the residence of Mrs. Foster, 3716 Jackson
street, about a week ago. 'The burglar*,
carried off a large quantity of wearing
apparel and jewelry, valued at several
hundred dollars, and ev*n took the lace
curtains which adorned the front win
dows.
Mrs. Foster and her family had gone
to visit some relatives in the country.
Yesterday morning they returned to this
city and on entering their home they were
surprised to find that it had been looted.
The burglars gained an entrance by pry
ing open a rear window. They broke open
closets and bureau drawers and even
ripped up the carpets,, so determined were
they not to overlook anything of value.
The woman who lives next door says
that a short time before the burglary she
saw two men drive up to the house in a
wagon. One of them remained on the
sidewalk while the other rang the front
door bell. Falling to get a response he
went around to the rear. Thinking they
were peddlers the woman paid no further
attention to them.
Captain Seymour has the name of a boy
who caw 5 the men leaving the house. They
placed their booty in the wagon and hur
riedly drove away.
The police are satisfied that the burglars
are the same men who have been operat
ing with considerable success in the West
ern Addition for some ¦ time past. They
operate under the guise of peddlers.
Almost Wreck Mrs. Poster's
Residence on Jackson
Street.
BURGLARS STEAL
COSTLY JEWELRY
AND CLOTHING
"That Mrs. Craven Is 111 and in no
physical condition to appear in court must
be palpable to your . Honor and to
counsel," said Mr. Riordan. "That it Is a
labor to bring her back to court is her
misfortune and a misfortune which tho
court should duly consider. Your Honor
can perceive that Mrs. Craven Is in no
physical or mental condition to be sub
jected to annoyance. The people of San
Francisco are not going to suffer If we
give this defendant an opportunity to re
cuperate; neither will the court suffer
nor counsel, nor her accusers."
At this point Assistant District Attor
ney Deuprey arose and said that he saw
no reason why the continuance asked for
should not be granted. Judge Cook,
however, stated he would not be In court
on the day named by counsel and again
requested that Mrs. Craven be instructed
to plead to the indictment, reserving the
right for her counsel to withdraw the
same, however. If he saw the necessity
for so doing in the future. Mr. Riordan
insisted upon a continuance, however, and
finally it was granted, Saturday, Septem
ber 22, being set as the day upon which
Mrs. Craven must plead.
The continuance granting an adjourn
ment was ordered.
Grave Doubts of Her Sanity.
Court bailiffs immediately cleared the
court, leaving Mrs. Craven, her lawyers
and physician. Dr. Clinton, undisturbed.
Mrs. Craven was carried " into Judge
Cook's chambers, for word had been re
ceived that she would not again be-.re
ceived at the hotel from which she was
taken and new . apartments must be
sought. After being an hour in the cham
bers, apartments were located and Mrs.
drew Osen's drug- store, at "the corner of
Mason and Geary streets, and purchased
50 cents' worth of carbolic acid. ; The
clerk said. she was cool and collected and
while he was preparing it she examined
some articles on the showcase.
Returning to the J^anghanr Miss Gold
berg met several frelnds, who invited her
to Join them in a drink. She accepted the
invitation, '• but had not been seated long
when she begged to be excused for a mo
ment. She went direct to the lavatory
and there swallowed an ounce and a half
of the acid. She started to go out, but
fell on the way and was picked up by
cne of the attendants in the hotel. Sev
eral of her friends w r orked over ; her for
about five minutes : before the ambulance
was sent for. They wanted her I taken
home "Instead of , to the hospital. ¦ .
At the hospital Dr. Bachigulpl worked
over her for three hours, using an electric
battery and- other remedies . to stay
off sleepiness. , but she rallied very little
and the doctor stated early this morning
that he entertained little hope for her re
covery. . •
Ullman was placed under arrest. He
says if he had known the sirl had 'In
tended to try. and kill herself he j would
have followed her from the hotel... "
Miss Goldberg's parents live . at tho
corner of Seventh and Schrader • streets.
Her brother.' who is an electric car con
ductor, visited the hospital at midnight
and identified her.
For an instant the old spirit that has car
ried Mrs. Craven through so many legal
battles flashed in her eyes.
"That Is not my true name," she said,
positively, a half smile on her lips. "My
true name is Xettle R. Craven-Fair."
Clerk Tolle hesitated long enough to make
the change, and then began the wearisome
reading of the document. The reading oc
cupied fifteen or twenty minutes. At
times Mrs. Craven raised her eyes and
scanned the document the clerk was read
ing, only to close them again and support
her head with her emaciated hands. The
scene was dramatic in the extreme, and
more than once the whisper was heard
that the prosecution of Nettle R. Craven
had ceased to be prosecution and had be
come persecution.
Continuance Grudgingly Given.
At the conclusion of the arraignment
Mrs. Craven opened her eyes and looked
appealingrly at her counsel, Thomas D.
Riordan. Mr. Riordan arose and asked ;
the court for a continuance until Tuesday,
at which time he said Mrs. Craven would
be ready to plead. Judge Cook objected
to granting the continuance. "From a
cursory examination of the indictment,"
said Mr. Riordan, "I am of the opinion
that It is demurrable. I will also be
frank and state that I intend to challenge
the Grand Jury panel upon other grounds.
I will also make a motion to quash the
indictment. It is my opinion that before
my client is called upon to plead these
motions should be disposed of by the
court."
"If the defendant pleads now," said
Judge Cook, "It will save the necessity
and labor of again bringing her back to
court."
WOMAN TAKES
CARBOLIC ACID
AND WILL DIE
Early Grave.
Jilted by Her Lover Gussie
Goldberg Seeks an
When Jack Ullman, a traveling sales
man, told pretty Gussle Goldberg to pack
up her belongings and get out, that he
did hot want to set eyes on her again, he
little realized the consequences of that
sudden outburst of Jealous passion. The
girl, driven to distraction, saw relief only
in death, and when she left Ullman at the
Lepalmer Hotel, at half-past ;il -o'clock
last evening it was for no other purpose
than to end life in what seemed to her an
ungrateful world. From the ' hotel she
went to a drugstore, purchased 50 cents*
worth of carbolic acid and drank a third
of It. The physicians say there is no hope
for her recovery. .
According to Ullman, he had known the
(ioldberg girl for about a year. He met
her at a uance, and after that they were
together a good deal when he was not out
of the city on business. Her home is in
this city, but she had not seen her parents
for several months. .She is about 23, a
pronounced blonde, with well-molded fea
tures. Upon returning from Chicago about
a month ago Ullman took apartments at.
the Lepalmt-r and the'Goldberg girl' was
a frequent visitor to his rooms.-,.
Last evening, shortly after 6 ¦ o'clock,
Ullman saw the girl talking to a young
man on Mason street, ncar.tho corner of
Ellis. He did not create a scene then.', but
when Miss Goldberg came to the hotel a
few minutes later he accused her of being
unfaithful and ordered her to get out.
She asked him for enough money to take
her home, but he refused, stating after
ward that he feared she might purchase
poison with the money, she having fre
quently told him that. if she ever had a
tailing out she would kill herself.
From the hotel the girl went to the
1 m ngham Hotel, on Ellis street, and bor
rowed 50 cents from a woman whom she
knew. Then she asked to be trusted for
a drink. From the hotel she went to An-
DRAMATIC INCIDENTS WHICH MARKED THE PAINFUL JOUR
NEY OF MRS. NETTIE R. CRAVEN FROM A BED OF DANGEROUS
ILLXESS TO THE COURTROOM OF JUDGE COOK. WHERE THE SICK
WOMAN" WAS ARRAIGNED ON A CHARGE OF PERJURY.
14
Hale's. | .Hale's.
¦ "- . -; ' ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦
IS fiBBB^®??^^ we rect y° ur special a t~
tention to our trimmed hats.
l| W^SKS^P many are lm P orted « others
were made b y our own p eo *
/^'¦wmBw&f'y pIe * who used Parisian crea *
V ', tions as models, we can
V / satisfy the most fastidious
t *fS0§^f / v$ and the most ultra -
\# several entirely new models—
."^^ \ chic, piquant, dashing —
on view to-day.
two snappy domestic values.
the spirit of progress is ever active in the domestic store- —
and the department grows nearer and nearer your ideal, it's
worth your while to come every day.
unbleached sheets — made of Japanese tinsel crepes^ — fif-
good quality sheeting — fin- teen different colorings and
ishefi with two inch henis^ — as many odd and beautiful
63x90 inches, each. .. .40c patterns^ — 26 inches wide^ —
81x90 inches, each. . . 450c value 10c a yard — now. . 7c
another ribbon sale.
the Hales' ribbon sales are justly famed, we never rest
on the victories of the yesterday, success is a spur to striv-
ing, the efforts and results of each to-morrow must be
greater or we are not satisfied, the department is thick
with exceptional chances just now. these two items are the
best of recent offerings.
2000 yards No. 40 all silk 1100 yards fancy ribbons
taffeta ribbons in scarlet, car- w ith heavy corded stripes^ —
dinal, light and medium pink, 3 inches
light blue, mais, cream, new color cornbinations _ one
white and turquoise — these .
ribbons tie up prettily for the of the P rettiest nbbons we ve
neck — you can have them shown this season — you T ll
tied at the ribbon counter in wonder how so much ribbon
any style bow you wish and beauty and goodness can be
free of charge — an excep- sold for the money — price,
tional value— per yard . .I5C per yard 20c
insane last night and started to demolish
the furniture in her house. Her husband
sent for Police Officer Riley, who had lisa
woman sent to the detention ward of tho
Receiving Hospital.
. . Send . your books . to , be bound . to ; us. ~- Mysell-
RoUlwi, 22 Clay. Good- work. : ...
There la not an ounce of headache in a bar-
rel of It— Jesse Moore "AX" . whiskey.
Insane Woman Locked -Up.
; Mary White, : a married woman, living
at 620J4 Natoma ; street, suddenly became
Dr. C. C. O'Doiincll, . the- independent
candidate from the Fourth Congressional
District, rnnde one of the most powerful
speeches of hl;s:life last evening to an im-
mense and enthusiastic crowd; if n<? had
spoken similarly * In Congress : it would
have had a decisive effect on the Eastern
members upon the Chinese and: Japanese
curse and trusts. , He is the, man. •
Lad!**' tailor-made suit*. : . ell** skirts, fur
capes: liberal credit. M. Rothschild. 528 Sutter. •
nE^HV^BB BKttk gSrVnL wMUSk
TODAY
We offer you your choice of any I*A-
. DIES' COLORED SHIRT WAIST
we have in the house at 25^ eac^-
Among these you'll find Waists that
have sold earlier in the season as
high as $1 50 each.
Early shopping is advisable, as these
. -waists will not last through the
day.
SILK WAIST SALE.
150 beautiful SILK WAISTS, all S5,
§5 50 and $6 Waists, made of best
Taffeta, trimmed with Cording,
Tucking, Plaits and Hemstitching;
to-day's price . . $3 75 eac k
HOSIERY.
20c LADIES' FRENCH RIBBED HOSE, on
sale at-12Hc pair.
25c LADIES' FINE GAUZE HOSE, on sale
at ITc pair. ;
25c LADIES'. POLKA DOT HOSE, on sale at
->'-..< inc. pair.'
20c CHILDREN'S. EXTRA HEAVY SCHOOL
HOSE, on sale at 12>4c pair.
Above HOSIERY SPECIALS are all full fin-
lrhed and fast colors. ••¦¦ \
LADIES' FLANNELETTE WRAPPERS, trim-
med' with braids, made of best vicuna flan-
nels, sold elsewhere at $1 E0. Our price to-
• day Is t>Kc each.' . ¦
TO-DAY WE ARE SHOWING OUR COM-
PLETE FALL ¦ AND WINTER LINE OF
CHILDREN'S CLOAKS, JACKETS AND
HEADWEAR.
ALL-WOOL CLOTH CLOAKS OR JACKETS.
PRKTTIL.Y TRIMMED, fl.08. fcnd
fkjOS-,' POSITIVELY WORTH FROM $1 50
TO $2 50 APIECE MORE.
LADIES' KNIT UNDERSKIRTS. ALL COL-
ORS. ON SALE AT 4Oc EACH.
UNDER
TfOU CANNOT : BEGIN ' TO BUT THE RAW
MATERIALS AT: THE PRICES WE ARE
SELLING < READY TO WEAR GOODS
LADIES'. MUSLIN DRAWERS, neatly tucked
: trimmed with ruffle,. 10c. . '
LADIES' MUSLIN . DRAWERS, hemstitched.
LADIKSVMUSLIN DRAWERS, tucked, trim-
.-.• med with. wide embroidery or lace. 3;Jo •
LADIES'' MUSLIN SKIRTS, trimmed with
,;, linen lace and Insertion or wide embroidery
ruffle. Sale price. OKc. • ."> V7
LADIES' MUSLIN GOWNS, wide embroidery
: ." trtmmln«. 4Se. ¦ • - . ; , *
25 dozen LADIES' RIBBED FLEECE-LIVED
' .VESTS AND • PANTS, ecru and nltural
colors, - French band drawers, all sizes
worth 50c. . Sale price, 25c. *-"'.
1212-1214 MARKET ST.,
. yjetfTayloi and Jones. -
Manufacturers of Ladles' and Children's Wear.
Special Bargains Saturday and Monday.
GRANULATED Best Cane SUGAR, 16 lbs $1
GROSSE & BLAOKWELL JAMS 15c
Limit > Jars. Regular 25o.
FINEST CREAMERY BUTTER, square. -40c
Good Putter la a delicacy and can only N»-4
obtained at big prices. We give the best
and aslc the least. Try and be convinced.
Kf-sular EOc.
BEST CITY EGGS, dozen 30o
From the Mission. Regular S3&
Petaluma Strictly Fresh Eggs, doz — 22?.c
Guaranteed. Regular !7%c.
SWEET CAKES, Fig Bar, Cocoanat. .-I213
Taffy Nie Xacs, Lemon. Regular 20a
NEW Young Anrnlca CHEESE 45c
Limit 2. Regular 60c
IRISH and SCOTCH WHISKEY, hot.... 95c
Imported from Belfast. Regular $1 25.
ORANGE MARMALADE. 3 cans ?fc
A breakfast appetizer, pure and toed,
packed by Bishop & Co.. Lo» Angeied. j«s-
ular 20c can.
GhirardeHi's Ground Chocolate, lib can 25c
Limit 2 cans. Regular 30c.
WHITE ADRIATIC 7IQ3. 1-lb pkg 10*
Regular 15c pound.
DR. PRICE 1 8 BAK1S& POWDBR. e»a....l5«
Unusual bargain. Regular JSc.
OLD KENTDCKTRYB WHISKT. pi..' 13-M
8 rears old. Regular $3 59.
Send for Monthly Price List. Free.
Country orders promptly attended to.
Freight paid by us when within 100 miles.
1348-1354 MARKET STREET.
Opp. 7th. Thone S. 233. 2Co Branch Stores.
j^^a^^ SAME SHAPE /jPJ&H&sp]
K^WV TWO QUALITIES
miSL A \ Ms&*\
I PALACE HOTEL
It In unlT*rs*lly acknowledged that thes*
hotels possess the attributes that appeal
to particular people— undoubted luxury and
comfort, unsurpassed cuisine and service
and superior appointments and location.
Connected by a covered passageway and
operated under on* management on t&*
American and European plans.
GRAND HOTEL
DR.MQNULTE!
ri'HISWELL-KXOWX AND RF.LI ABLE OLD
yK£e£2£SEH 51°°? f>ofsoa - «onVrrhc?aTo» "
.""trie tu re, s«rniiiul Weakness, Iraootenrn inlihoir
•IUe.1 Dimmers. Hook on Plse^e, o" M e "s free
OverMye:\rVexperle»iee.TrrnMr«»a_vin'»Wn T$rvJ,~
tatlonfreeandsacredly confidential! CaU oradK
a«H Kearny »t* » an Francisco «¦!•«..
I The Steinway
B Steinway & Sons have been
H appointed piino manufacturers
{¦} to the Emperors of Austria.
9 Russia, Germany. Japan and
yj China, to '.he <Jueen of Kn£
s£ lard, to the Kings of Spain.
f Italy. Roumania and Saxony, to
ij the Sultan of Turkey and to the
B Shah of Persia, as well as many •
B others of. the royal families of
E Europe. This is the greatest
B distinction «ver conferred upon
B an American piano manufac •
\- nirer and ie due solely to the
¦3 fact that the Stcinway piano is
B a work of art and is worthy of
fl a position beside any thing Eu-
w roye' ever produced in art. mu-
ll e *° * r " seratTJre -
fi We would hv pleased to show
ft you a whole floor devoted to tfie
B celebrated Stcinway pianos.
9 Sherman, Clay & Co.,
« FTEINWAT PIANO DEALERS.
lj t "or. K^arny and Sutter sts., S. F.
Q Ccr. ltth and Broadway. Oakland.
y. Cor. Srrt end Morrison *ts.. I'ort- '.
Bj 7:i Second avc. Seattle. Wash.