PRICE FIVE CENTS.
BRITISH TROOPS ARE
VERY SHORT OF FOOD
LONDON. Aug. 24.— General Gaselee,
the commander of the British forces at
Peking, telegraphing from that place
August 16, via Chefu, August 23, gives de
tails of how he is disposing of his troops
there. He, says the British losses were
extremely small; announces that he Is
very short of food; that he was arranging
for convoys, and that he hoped to assault
the Imperial pity that day, when the men
had been fed. The general also says, the
good spirits. and endurance of the troops
were beyond praise and refers to the ex
tremely arduous march, owing to the heat
and heavy roads.
SEARCH IS MADE
FOR PRINCE TUAN
PEKING. Aug. 17. via Chefu. Aug. 23.—
The Japanese command the gates of the
Forbidden City and are awaiting In
structions as to whether to hold them or
destroy them.'
Prlnco Tuan, tho leader "of .the insur
rection, Is reported to have been seen
here and a diligent search is being, made
for him.
Chlneso cavalry ore operating ;V in
squares near Tungchau, and a squadron
of Sikhs 'and American cavalry have been
sent In pursuit of them.
It is believed that the Empress Dow
ager has. established her court at Slanfu,
the ancient capital.. i"'' 1 ":'
FOWLER REPORTS DEATH
OF LI PING HENG
WASHINGTON, Aug. 24.-Actlng Secre
tary Adee made public to-night the fol
lowing .dispatch from Consul Fowler at
Chefu, giving additional information bear-
Ing on the events In Peking:
"CHEFU, (undated}— Received August
23. midnight— Secretary Of State, Wash
ington: Twenty-third Japanese ; report
Emperor; and' Empress left Peking 14th,
rested at Waushoushan, supposed desti
nation, Taiyuenfu.'.Shensi. Prince Ching
believed in Peking. Li Ping Heng died.
Half population left. ' FOWLER."
BURIED AT LEGATION GROUNDS.
S PEKING,- Thursday. , Aug. 16 (via
Shanghai. Thursday.. Aug. ¦ 23).— Captain
Rellly, Battery. F. Fifth United States Ar
tillery; who was killed before the imperial
palace, was ' buried at the legation
grounds. General -Chaffee^' . the . British
and ":' Japanese ; generals and" many- civil
ians were "presenti at the interment.
MOB BURNS A TEMPLE.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 24.— United States
BERLIN, Aug. 24.— A number of papers
publish 'letters from German soldiers now
In China. : One of these epistles, appearing
In an Elberfeld journal, says that the
German troops, during the fights at Tien
tsin, killed all the Chinese prisoners, but
that the Russians murdered everybody,
tho women and children being bayoneted.
The Crefeldt Zeitung has a letter say-
Ing that the Russians and Japanese
assassinate all Chinese ¦ whom they en
counter.
j The letters agree that the Chinese hor
ribly murdered and mutilate all the
wounded -and captured allied troops.
> Herr Ernst ven Hesse- Wartegge, in a
series of , articles in the National Zeitung,
advocates the doing away with "interest
spheres" in China, the abolition of. Chin
ese international duties, the < strengthen
ing of : the central Government under the
joint supervision . of the powers and a
sound organization of Chinese finances.
Insisting that China" shall open every, port
in the whole interior. .
¦ An offlcial * telegram announces the ar-.
rival of the German detachment at
Peking, August 1S. ;
RUSSIANS MURDERED
ALL CHINESE ENCOUNTERED
PECK WAS GLADTO
REACH THE PENITENTIARY
Successfully Fires Solid Shot Weigh
ing Over a Ton.
SOUTH BETHLEHEM. Pa;, Aug. 21.—
The new elghteen-lnch Gathmann torpedo
LARGE GUN TESTED.
Greatly Feared Violence and Begged
Officers to Shoot Him if a Mob
Threatened.
COLUMBUS. Ohio. Aug. 24.— Peck, the
negro assailant, arrived at the peniten
tiary in the custody of the Sheriff of Sum
mit County at S:X> to-night. He felt great
ly'relieved when the heavy Iron gate
closed behind him and he realized that he
was safe from mob violence.
At Akron Peck pleaded guilty of the
charge against him and was sentenced. to
life Imprisonment. On the way from
Cleveland to Akron the negro begged
piteously to be shot if a mob threatened.
His guard did not consent.
AKRON, Ohio. Aug. 2l.-LJttle Rhoda
Davidson died at the City Hospital at 2
o'clock} this afternoon. She was shot in
the head while In her mother's arms dur
ing the riots -Wednesday -'night.
LONDON. Aug. 25-Thc Peking corre
spondent of the Times, wiring last Satur
day, pays:
"Peking Is now ont'roly under foreign
control. Looting is progressing system
•McalJy. The French and Russian itogs
*«? flying over the best portion of the im-
Jr-c! al domain, where it is believed the
imperial treasure Is buried. The Forbid
den City is respected by international
agreement, though any punishment will
be Ineffective unless it Is occupied. The
SUPPOSED DESTINATION
OF THE IMPERIAL FAMILY
¦WASHINGTON, Aug. 24.— Talyuen-Fu
the supposed destination of the Imperial
family. Is the capital of Shensi Province
and Is a large city of probably several
hundred thousand Inhabitants. Scattered
throughout various parts of China are
temporary palaces which the royaJ fami
ly occasionally occupy, and it is sup
posed one of these Is located at Talyucn-
Fu. Z;'' t 'r:[
Prince Ching. whom the dispatch re
ports as still in Peking, is a well-known
pro-fOTefgr.er. Up to a very recent time
he command'Hl a large garrison In the
capital city, but a few weeks ago reports
came that* he h?xl been shorn of his pow
er. His presence In the city, however,
is regarded as favorable, as he may be of
rreat assistance to both the allies and
the Chinese in bringirg about an under
standing between the contending ele
ments.
U Ping Heng, whose death Consul Fow
ler's dispatch records. Is the general who
was reported to have arrived In Peklns
from the pouth with 10,000 troops durinp
the latter part of July to assist the Im-
I><rial arroif-s in the capital. He was de
cidedly anti-foreign, and It w?.s he who
¦was eupposfd to be responsible for the
decapitation of two w<Ml-known member*
cf the Tsonjc 1! Yamen, which, according
to reports, occurred a short time ago.
Th*- Ftat^m^r.t that half the population
of Peking had flod Is taken as an Indica
tion of thp utter demoralization existing
in the Chinese capital.
SYSTEMATIC LOOTING
PROGRESSES AT PEKING
Japanese have solzed 500,000 tacls of sil
ver. The Empress Dowager, the Em
peror, Prince Tuan and all the high offi
cers escaped to Taiyuen-Fu, in the pro
vince of ShensI, from which point they
proceeded to Sian-Fu. There is no Gov
ernor." . -.!*;?"';
CHAFFEE SENDS NEW
LIST OF CASUALTIES
WASHINGTON, Aug. 24.— The War De
partment has received the following list
of deaths from General Chaffee via Taku:
Adjutant General. Washington: Tientsin,
August 23.— Deaths to date:
Tientsin Hospital, August 4, Company II,
Fourteenth Infantry. Charles Morgan, dysen
tery; Company M, Xlnth Infantry, Joseph I*.
Frltsch, eunshot ¦wounds; August 7, Company
M. Fourteenth Infantry. Paschal Y. Smith,
punshot: Company K. Fourteenth Infantry,
James Itice; August ?. Company II, Fourteenth
Infantry, John II. Hum; Company G, Four
teenth Inrantry, Archie J. Ranney; August 9,
Company K. Fourteenth Infantry, Lafer J.
Alley; AuKUst 10. Company M, Fourteenth In
fantry. Joseph Oullatte; August 13, Company
IS, Fourteenth Infantry, F.obcrt Horan; August
3C, Company M, Ninth Infantry, Charles Fred
erick, insolation; August 20, Company M. Ninth
Infantry. Dennis Shea, dj-sontery; August 21.
Company B, Xlnth Infantry. Ezpktel E. Hale,
dysentery. "CHAFFEH.
The following list ot, casualties came
from Peking via Taku: v
Adjutant General, "Washington: Peking. Au
gun IS.— The following casualties have oc
curred eince la*t report:
Tantsung. Aug. 16. — Wounded: Fourteenth
Infantry, Company E, Alfred E. Evans, head,
yrrloUR; Company K, Charles A. Rodders,
shoulder, serious. Matow. August 16— Killed
by sharpshooters while forajjln>c. Company G,
Fourteenth Infantry, Claude Smith.
IVking. Aup. IS.— Died from wounds received
in artlon. Company E. Fourteenth Infantry.
George C. Kauffmann.
Tientsin. Auk. 21. —Death occurred on August
19 of Private William Brayton, Company C,
Ninth Infantry, dyeentery; August 20, Clinton
\V. Graham. Company I, Fourteenth Infantry,
.V-nrtnol wnlimls. CHAFFER
ehropnel woun.
TO BEPAIR A RAILWAY.
LONDON. Aug. 23.— The Shanghai cor
respondent of the Times says that Mr.
Kinder, chief engineer . of the North
China Railways, estipiatcs that it will
require £700,000 to repair' the line from
Peking to . Tientsin.
was practical evidence to the other powers of. the good faith
o'f- the United States in this matter. Our work In China has
been accomplished in large part by the relief of the legations,
and our further obligation, that of aiding to restore and main
tain peace, can be accomplished through the troops already on
Chinese soil. •
It Is pointed out, however, that in view ofl'the attitude
already assumed by the United States and the large part we
had In opening the way to Peking, this Government is in a
position to demand commercial freedom in China as a mini
mum condition in the final settlement in the event of territorial
division of the Chinese empire, should that be accomplished.
The United States, of course, wants no territory, and it is
felt that her rights as to commercial freedom are too clear to
be dismissed by the other nations Interested.
After the Cabinet meeting to-day there was an extended
conference at the. White House, In which Secretary Root and
Acting Secretary Adee participated. The conference related
to Chinese affairs, and it was said to be confined largely to
considering messages received from other powers on the sub
ject and in drafting answers to them. The suggestion that
the powers be. asked to participate in a conference or to give
some Indication of future purposes In China was believed to
be under consideration, and It was Intimated that notes to the
different powers have- been prepared. Secretary Root said at
the close of 1 the conference that It related to matters which
needed the consideration of tho President and covered the wide
field of Chinese affairs. He explained that nothing had devel
oped of a sensational nature in late reports from China. It
was, stated that the United States Government Is in frequent
communication with the other powers regarding the Chinese
situation.
WASHINGTON. Aug. 24.— The Chinese situation devel
oped little of importance to-day. It is stated frankly
by the officials in the State, War and Navy depart
ments that no dispatches have boon received bear
ing on the problem which has yet to be solved,
namely, the disposition of China's affairs at the hands of the^
powers. In the absence of other food for speculation the re
ceipt of two casualty lists from General Chaffee, dated Tien
tsin, were made the bp.sls for a report that he and the Ameri
can force had evacuated Peking. It was stated at the. War
Department, however, that no advices have been received in
dicating that General Chaffee had left Peking, and it was said
that he would have advised the War Department and given
his reasons for doing so had he contemplated such an impor
tant step.
A Cabinet officer Is authority for the statement that alleged
differences among the powers brought on by the reported ac
tion of Russia have not disturbed this Government in the least
and that there Is no information in possession of this Govern
ment that Russia has declared war or that she is pursuing
a course in any way different from that of other governments
represented In China. It was also said that the statements
regarding Russia had not received consideration at the meet
ing of the Cabinet to-day.
Regarding the attitude of. this Government in case differ
ences among the powers should arise as to their future course
In China, it was stated on authority to-day that this Govern
ment remained opposed to any territorial division of China, as
was plainly stated in Secretary Hay's note of July 3. Every
resource of diplomacy will be exhausted to prevent partition
of the empire, and it was stated that the diversion of American
troops to Manila, already announced by the War Department,
THE AMERICAN CONSULATE AT HANKOW, THE GREAT TRADE CENTER OF THE YANGTSE VALLEY
WHERE AN UPRISING IS IMMINENT. _V.->
The above picture Is from a photograph belonging to Mr. E. T. Sheppard of this city, late Consul at Tientsin and
was taken when Colonel R. M. Johnson was Consul at Hankow. Colonel Johnson and his family are on the steps of the
building. .'*r -•.';'¦¦:
America Wall Use Every Resource to Pre
vent Partition of the Chinese Empire,
and Is in a Position to Demand Com
mercial Freedom.
IN THE TROUBLED TANGTSE VALLEY
gun. the largest ever built In this country.
was tested to-day at the Bethlehem Steel
Works to determine the velocity of the
shot and the strength of the gun, and
proved successful 1 . Solid shot3 weighing
a .on were fired.
After two preliminary shots the third
was fired with a charge of 300 pounda of
powder, and showed a pressure of 13.0(3
pounds and 1SSS feet velocity, while the
fourth shell with the same charge record
ed a pressure of 19,339 pounda and a ve
locity of 1901 feet.
The gun la intended for coast defense.
The inventor claims that it will throw a
shell fifteen miles. Guneotton is used In
the charges. The gun is forty-four feet
long and weighs fifty-nine tons.
NEBRASKA MAY LOSE
ONE CONGRESSMAN
Census Returns Show a Great De-
crease in the Population of
the State.
Special DUnatch to The Call.
OMAHA. Aug. 24.-The Impression pre
vails that Nebraska^ population has de
creased to such an extent that the State
will be deprived of one of its six Con
gressmen when the new apportionment
shall have been made.
Ex-Congressman Strode has figured out
from the returns, official and otherwise,
which have thus far been received from
various points in the State, that the pop
ulation of Nebraska will be about 100 000
less according to the 1900 census than it
was according to the 1S90 census. Ho
thinks the next Congress will be almost
certain to raise the number of people
required for representation in Con
gress. The number of people neces
sary for a Congressman is 173.000, but the
next Congress will probably raise the
number to 2OO.0CO. Nebraska would lose
one Congressman on this account and the
State Legislature at Us next session will
probably anticipate the action of Con
gress by redlstrictlng the State.
POWERS INDIGNANT.
Rails at Officers for Placing Hand-
cuffs on His Wrists.
LOUISVILLE. Aug. 24.— "I want you to
say. that you found me handcuffed like
a beast of the field," said ex-Secretary o*
State Caleb Powers, convicted on the
charge of being an accessory to the mui
der of William Goebel. when he taiked to
reporters at : the County Jail to-day.
"This, too." he continued, "after I told
my guards that I would give them my
word that I would make no attempt to
escape. Such an attempt would have been
not only useless, but foolish, ir I had
made an attempt to escape it would hav»s
ruined my chances for another trial. If
I w^re turned loose on the streets this
minute I would not make the least at
tempt to run away."
JAPANESE MURDERED.
Powers was Indignant because nippers
had been placed on his wrists. He waj
brought from Frankfort, where he spent
last night, and placed In the Louisville
Jail to-day for safe-keeping.
Beaten to Death by Hawaiiana Be-
cause He Had No Cigarettes.
Two natives who are supposed to have
been leaders In the cowardly, attack have
been arrested and are charged with mur
der: .
HONOLULU. Aug. ;17.— The island of
Kaual was the scene of a shocking
ly brutal murder last Sunday after
noon. Half a dozen native Hawali
acs from the island steamer Nll
hau went ashore and got drunk, and
on their return to the vessel, meeting a
Japanese, they set upon him and beat him
to death on the roadway. The only prov
ocation appears to have been that he had
no cigarettes to give them when they
asked him for some. The victim was
beaten with fists and sticks and at the
end one of the natives seized a fence
plank and struck the Japanese a blow
that laid his stomach open. The victim
was found dead on the road by a coun
tryman, the natives having run away and
left him when he lay helpless.
Consul Johnson at Amoy. China, cables
the State Department under date of to
day that a mob burned the Japanese tem
ple at that place to-day. Marines were
landed to protect Japanese officials and
are restoring order. The marines aHudcd
to must belong to some other nation, as
the . United States has no warship at
Amoy.
CONGER CABLES THAT
CHRISTIANS NEED AID
NEW YORK, Aug. 24.— The Presbyte
rian Board of Foreign Missions received
the following cablegram from Minister
Conger to-day: '¦' ¦". \ '¦
"PEKING, Aug. 20.— Xorth China Chris
tians surviving slaughter destitute, home
less. Send Immediate help, thank offering.
Peking rescued. Wherry, Hobart, Smith.
. "CONGER."
This is interpreted as meaning that the
native .Christians of North China who
have survived the slaughter are now des
titute and homeless. For their relief Im
mediate help in the way of money is
asked as a thank offering for the rescue
of the Christians in Peking.
The petition is sent coniolntly by Mis
sionaries Wherry of the Presbyterian mis
sion, Ilobart of the Methodist mission and
Smith of the Congregational mission to
the home boards of all the missions.
VICEROYS ARE FRIENDLY.
WASHINGTON. Aug. 24.— The first as
surances reached here to-day that the
powerful Chinese Viceroys were disposed
to accept the new conditions of affairs
In China and would assist in the main
tenance of peace. The information came
In a dispatch through diplomatic chan
nels, and stated that one of the foreign
officers had received a telegram from
two of the most powerful central Vice
roys stating that they intended to gi\>
their best efforts to maintaining quiet
throughout the central portions of China.
As this assurance came subsequent to
the capture of Peking it Is regarded as a
favorable sign of disposition of the Vice
roys, whose authority in the interior lsr
very great. Their course has been
watched with much concern by officials,
for since Peking is in a chaotic condi
tion the most Influential authority in the
empire is that of the Viceroys.
MAHTNES SENT TO TIENTSIN.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 24.— The follow
ing cablegram was received this morning
at the Navy Department from Admiral
Remey:
. "TAKU, Aug. 22.— Bureau of Naviga
tion. Washington: Cable open now to
Taku. All troops from Hancock landed.
Marines gone Tientsin. Private Arthur
A. Woods, marine corps, accidentally
drowned Tongku night 21st. REMEY."
BERLIN, Aug. 24.— The
¦ Lokal Anzciger, in a special
frcm Chefu, announces the
finding of the body of Baron
von Ketteler, the murdered
German Minister, in a Chinese
•graveyard in Peking. A sol
emn service will be held to
morrow.
Dr. Bachman of Shanghai
asserts in the Gegenwart that
Emperor Kwang Su suffers
from cancer of the throat and
that he is unable to reign. The
same view is taken by Dr.
Bethere, a French physician,
and by Dr. Sheng- Liang Feng 1 ,
both of whom have examined
the Emperor.
Ootbreak at Amoy Hay Lead to a
Spread of the Revolt Through
out Scmffiera China — Warship
Ordered There,
CALL BUREAU, WELLINGTON HOTEL, WASH
INGTON, Aug. 24. — Notwithstanding the measures
adopted by the Viceroys of Southern China to prevent
an anti-foreign demonstration, there was an outbreak to-day at
Amoy, greatly endangering American interests. Consul John
son, it is believed, has impressed the authorities with the seri
ousness of the outbreak at Amoy, and the probability that it may .
lead to a spread of the revolt throughout Southern China. In
view of the gravity of the situation, instructions Avere sent late
this afternoon to Rear Admiral Remey, at Takti, embodying the
information from Mr. Johnson and directing him to order a man
of-war to proceed at once to Amoy. Should the commander of
the warship to be sent find that American lives and property are
in danger he will land marines, otherwise not. The Navy De
partment has impressed upon Admiral Remey the policy adopt
ed by the President of landing men only for the specific
purpose of protecting American life and property. American
marines have not been landed at Shanghai, though British
troops and French bluejackets are on shore at that point, nor
will they be landed unless a native uprising should occur and
American interests be threatened.
LOXDOX, Aug. 25, 3:45 a. m. — Five hundred American
troops participated in the signal defeat of Boxers outside
of Tientsin on August 19. The fact is briefly reported from
Vienna. Details of the engagement come from the Reuter
agent at Tientsin in a dispatch dated August 20. In addition to
the Americans the force consisted of 375 British and 200 Japan
ese — all under the British General Dorward. The fight took
place at a village six miles southwest of Tientsin, where the al
lied forces found a considerable number of Boxers, whom they
engaged, killing over three hundred and taking sixty-four
wounded prisoners, who were sent to the hospitals of the allies>
The village was burned. The Americans had five wounded, the
Japanese six and the British none. Hundreds of Boxer flags,
spears and swords were captured.
From Shanghai comes a report, qualified by the assertion
that it is from purely Chinese sources, that the Empress Dow
ager, after proceeding one day's journey from Peking, became
terrified at the looting by General Tung Fuh Siang's troops and
went back to Peking.
A Chinese telegram from Tsinannu says that Prince Tuan
has been captured by a detachment of the allies. Other Chinese
messages record the formation of a provisional government in
Peking by the allies, but this appears to be a purely military meas
ure and merely an elaboration of the scheme for dividing' the city
into sections for police purposes.
L.i Hung Chang has received word that the allies, entered
Peking easily because the troops of General Tung Fuh Siang
utterly refused to face the allies. According to the Shanghai cor
respondent of the Daily Express Earl Li, recognizing the futility
of an attempt to drive the foreigners from China, now professes
conversion to reform principles.
Shanghai advices announce the receipt there of a Chinese
official dispatch asserting that Emperor Kwang Su has been
found and rescued by the Japanese.
Messages from Tientsin report serious mortality among the
American horses, owing to the heat.
Delayed advices to Reuter, dated Peking, August 14, reit
erate the statements regarding the treachery of the Chinese
from the night before the relief. They had informed the mem
bers of the legations that orders had been issued to cease firing.
This was followed by a desperate attack, and it was only the wel
come sound of the cannon of the relieving force in the morning
that renewed the courage of the foreigners. The correspondent
adds: "The Chinese admit having lost 3000 in the various at
tacks upon the legations. Our rations dwindled to one pound
a day, consisting of horseflesh and rice. When the American de
tachment attacked, the whole Chinese force concentrated
against them, leaving the Sha-Ho gate unwatched. whereupon
the British entered there without the loss of a man/'
Five Hundred American Troops Par=
tldpate in the Recent Defeat
of Boxers at a Village Near
Tientsin.
PEKING, Aug. 19 (via Chefu, Aug. 23, and Shanghai, Aug. 24).— The situation here is unchanged. The allied commanders have still had no
communication with the Chinese Government. Future movements of the American forces depend upon instructions which are awaited from
the home government. The allied commanders have not yet come: to any agreement about the final occupation of the Imperial Palace, where
great treasure is supposed to exist. : • JOHN F. BASS.
BERLIN, Aug. 24. — It is announced in a dispatch from Amoy, dated August 24, that many more American and British missions in the
neighborhood of Amoy have recently been looted and burned by mobs and that last night a Japanese temple was burned,
Special Cable to The Call and New Xork Herald. Copyright, 1900, by the Herald Publishing Company.
ALLIED FORCES INACTIVE AT PEKING AND
THE SCENE OF OUTRAGE SHIFTS TO AMOY
SAN FRANCISCO, SATURDAY, AUGUST 25, 1900.
VOLUME LXXXVIII-NO. S6.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.' Central Dining-rooms. • »4 and • 26 EH!*; re
opened by J.'Bertz, well-known restaurateur. •
MR. BRYAN HAS i
RETURNED TO NEBRASKA
Makes a Speech Taunting ,, Republi
cans on the Philippine
Policy.
: BEATRICE, Nebr.,;Feb.~ 24. —Mr.- Bryan
returned to his State ;to-day, reaching the
State line late in the afternoon," and. ar- ,
Doctor Sues Liliuokalanl.
HONOLULU, Aug.. 17.— Dr. Charles H.
English haa sued ex-Queen Lllluokalanl
for^SoOOO damages for alleged breach of
contract said to have been entered into by
the doctor and her Majesty while the
latter was in Washington, D. C. The doc
tor says he was engaged to act as the
Queen's physician up to next November
for $400 per month and a bonus of $5000.
The medical man. attended the ex-Queen
regularly up to a" month ago, when he
says he was dismissed. without cause. He
wants the courts to reimburse him for the
loss of the contract.
Reservation for . Cheyennes.
FORT YATES, N. D.. Aug. ; 24.-^Colonel
McLaughlln has purchased ¦. a splendid
tract of grazing land on Tongue River in
Montana as a reservation for -the Chev
ennes of Montana, who at present are
wanderers. '*• ¦
SAN ; ANTONIO, Tex,, Aug. 24.— Albert
Maverick to-rtay filed a petition in, bankruptcy.
Liabilities, ,f 11,000.
NEW YORK; Axis. 24— Joe Choynski ar
rived here from Chicago to-day to put the
finishing touches to his preparations for
his fight with Peter Maher. - which will
take place at the Broadway Athletic Club
on Tuesday . niqht. Choynski has ; located
his training quarters at Newdorp. Staten
Island. • " . ¦.¦-..»¦¦¦¦¦ j
Choynski in New York.
HONOLULU, Aug. 17.,-The advent of
the Spreckels tug Fearless in these waters
has been followed by a war .between it
and the old tug Eleu, which has been do
ing all the business. The Eleu works as
a Government vessel and the Fearless
owners have protested against her trying
to compete with a private enterprise. The
two tugs have had a couple of races after
vessels that needed towing in, the Fear
less,being much stronger and faster, win
ning both times. Under the law as it
stands until the Legislature meets the
Rleu must continue in business. It is un
derstood, however, that she will not here
after make much of an effort to compete
with the private tug. She will probably
be made into a fireboat, which Honolulu
Is at present without. .
Fearless Is Speedy.
NEW TORK, Aug. 24.— The executive
commltteeof Tammany Hall met to-night
and arranged for the reception of W. J.
Brvan on October 16. A committee was
appointed for the work. Richard Croker
is a member of the committee. In a long
speech Mr. Croker urged that the Bryan
meeting should be in the nature of a rat
ification, and suggested that It take in
all trades, as well as all lines of busi
ness. _ _
rived at Beatrice a few minutes past 8
°He°had been delayed two'hours. en route
and he drove direct from the train to the,
meeting-that he was to address. Spwik
ing of the Filipinos along the usual line.
Mr Brvan propounded the following con
undrum: "Republicans, are you not
ashamed to say that God would make
Filipinos and leave them thousands or
years until Hanna found them;
Mr Bryan taunted the Republicans with
failure to formulate any plan for the con
trol of the Philippines, and on this point
said: ¦ - , -* ..
"Republicans, have you any plan for the
control of the Philippines? Has any Re
publican leader outlined a plan? Tour
candidates have not, your committeemen
have not, your editors have not; all they
ask of you is that you shall have confi
dence in them and let them run it to.suit
themselves."
Mr. Bryan will leave Beatrice to-morrow
morning for Lincoln, and In the afternoon
will go to Omaha, where he will speak at
night. .. - ¦. - a
Arrangements for Reception of Bryan
Special Disratch to The Call.
I^ONDOK. Aug. 24.— Dr. Leyda and tha
Eoer envoys have sent from St. Peters
burg to Lord Salisbury a strong .protest
against the latest proclamations of Lori
Roberts, maintaining that they violate
every sense of risrht and all the principles
of international law.
ST. PAUL. Minn.. Aug. 21.— A Helena.
Mont., special to the Dispatch says: A.
"Wormser of Helena has made arranee
ments to purchase a large tract of land
In the Yellowstone Valley. He declares
he will bring a large number of Bo«r3
from the Transvaal.
ing. some trekking snuth. Lord Kitchen
er has returned to Pretoria.
NEW YORK. Aus. 24.-Supreme Court Jus
tice Sewell to-day declared Insolvent th» Mer
cantlls Co-operative Bank of New Tork City.
The assets of the bank, on Nevernber 27 1S99.
were stated at »3S1,994 »nd Its liabilities 11.233.
651. > -**'^
Sloan Pilots a Winner.
PARIS. Aug. 23.-At Dieppe yesterday
Cash Sloan won the Prix de Roux-Mesnil.
of 2300 francs, over a course of 1000 meters.
on M. B. Chan's Lancier.
MORMON ELDER
CHARGED WITH
BRUTAL MURDER
,/ ,
Accused of Hurling a Child
Under the Wheels of a
Moving Train. \
Chief of Police at St. Louis Takes His
Statement and Releases Him
for Want of Evi
dence.
• '
ST. LOUIS. Aug. 24.-Elder Aaron S.
Hawkes. missionary of the Church of
Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints, was ar
rested at the Four Courts, accused of
pushing Clarence Fuhrer, 5 years old, to
his death beneath a moving train at
Mount Vernon, Ind., at an early hour to
day. Hr- was arrested as the Louisville
and Nashville train steamed Into the
Union depot this morning.
Elder Hawkins, who lives at Manassas,
Conejos County, Colorado, was returning
from seven months : .of proselyting in
Georgia when he is said to have become
the instrument of Baby Fuhrer' s death.
John M. Pierce of Mount Carvel, 111.,
and Orvln B. Grays of Evansville, Ind.,
passengers on 'the train, witnessed the
injury to the child. Conductor F. M. Al
bln states that these passengers were
willing to testify that Hawkins deltbel
ately hurled the baby from the moving
train to the platform and that they saw
the little fellow roll from the platform
under the wheels, which passed over him.
Hawkins will be held here subject to the
orders of the police officials o£ 1 Mount
Vernon.
Mrs. Amelia Fuhrer boarded Conductor
Albin's train at Evansville, Ind., twenty
miles from the scene of the tragedy. She
had with her two small children, Clarence
and a younger sister. She was on her
way to Mount Vernon, Ind., to join her
husband. At Mount Vernon she-arose to
leave the train, and here is where the
Mormon came on the scene. He told his
story as follows:
"The woman was leaving the train. I
stepped out on the platform while the
train was slightly in motion and lifted the
child down to the platform. It was un
steady on Its feet and rolled off the plat
form. I jumped on the sleeping-car as It
swung past me on -the end of. the train.
I did not push the child off."
The Chief of Police at Mount Vernon.
Ind., telegraphed Chief of Police. Campbell
late to-day to take the statement of Elder
Hawkins and release him,; as the police
have no evidence • on . which to hold ¦ him.
He was accordingly released.
Tweed whether a legacy amounting to
$50,000 would be paid by securities of the
par value or market value of $50,000. Mr.
Tweed replied, that that was a question
which would have to be left to the ex
ecutors to work out, and he had no doubt
they would deal fairly with every one
concerned.
HENRY L HUNTINGTON
TO CONTROL HOLDINGS
XEW YORK. Aug. 24.— Henry E. Hunt
ington will represent henceforth the
Huntington holdings of the Southern Pa
cific. The opinion his uncle held of him
an3 which led to the bequeathing to the
younger, man of this power in the road's
affairs is illustrated by something that
Denis Kearney, who was close in the
railroad king's confidence, recently wrote
to a San Francisco newspaper: "I had a
talk with Mr. Huntington a day or two'
before he left for the East." wrote Mr.
Kearney. "i asked him about buving
Southern Paciiic stock. He said: 'If you
buy and hold it for live years 1 will guar
antee you will not lose any money, for by
that time 1 shall have it on a dividend
paying basis.' I said: 'But, Mr. Hunt
ington, suppose you should die? What
then? 1 He replied: 'Why. there is Ed
(H. E. Huntington). No better boy ever
lived. He has been with me twenty
eight years and knows a thing or two
about railroads. I'll trust him.' "
It by no me.ins follows, however, that
Henry E. Huntington is to become the
new president of the Southern Pacific
Company. Mr. Huntington's holdings
were short of being a majority of the.
stock, as Isaac E. Gates, his brother-in
law, said to-day. They are estimated as
being very far short of being a majority,
in fact. The capital stock of the company
is $200,000,000, or two million shares. The
ttoek commands in the market about $33
to $34 a share. Mr. Huntington is bellsved
to hava owned about 450,00o shares. None
of his business associates would "make
any definite statement on this point, how
ever, to-day, or as to the amount of his
estate. - '
Charles H. Tweed, testator's counsel;
Isaac E. Gates, Speyer & Co. and the
Union Trust Company, which was made
trustee for some of the important be
quests, all decline to discuss the matter.
Mr. Gates said in fact that he was unable
to estimate Mr. Huntington's fortune.
Russell Sage's estimate of the value of
the Huntington estate is about $25,000,000.
Russell Sage said -of Huntington's will:
"It is a very good, sensible sort of will.
It provides for the keeping of Mr. Hunt
ington's Southern Pacific stock in the
family.- I thoroughly approve the pro
vision by which Mrs. Huntington and
Henry E. Huntington are each enioined
from selling any of the Southern Pacific
stock without the consent of the other.
Mr. Huntington, no doubt, felt that when
he had passed away influence might be
brought to bear to cause a distribution
of Southern Pacific holdings, and he took
good care to make this difficult. The fact
that he wanted this stock kept in the
Huntington family shows how confidently
he looked forward to the future of the
Southern Pacific road." \ . ... .
tpp= or to reFtrict in anywise their free artinn
ir. dealir.ps with such stock, but Is merely made
for the purpose of indicating th"; mode and
manner in which I should have preferred to
jr.ake sates of Fuch stock if I had iived, and In
v. liirh I shmild prefer such sales to be made
after my death: but notwithFtandinK the eug-
KfFtinn the lepat^PF of my said stock are to be
at liberty to deal with the same according to
their own Judgment except an limited by the
ttrins, condition? and limitations hereinbefore
expre?f=ly prescribed in respect to sale or dis
l>osltion thereof during the lifetime of the said
legatees or the survivor ot them.
Bequests to Relatives.
The ninth section gives one-half of the
residue of the estate to Mrs. Huntington.
the widow.
The tenth article gives $270,000 in trust
as follows: Harriet S. Huntington, sister
in-law; Elizabeth Purdy, sister: Susan
Porter, sister; Ellen Gates, sister. $5O.oog
each; Collis H. Sammie. $30,000; Eleanora
Loveland. niece, $20,000; Frank Pardee,
nephew, $20.00<).
The eleventh article makes the following
specific bequests:
To his sister. Susan Porter. $20,000; to his
nephew. Wiilard V. Huntington, $.V>.000: to
his nephews. Edward H. Dunbar and
George S. Dunhar. $20,000 each; to his
nephew, Edward II. Pardee. $100,000; to
his niece. Mary Pardee. $20,000; to his
niece, Qaroline D. Holladay. $20,000; to his
niece, J>eonora Foster. $20,000: to his niece.
Adeline Dunbar, $20,000; to his niece, Helen
M. Huntington, $20.0<x>: to Isaac E.rGates.
$100,000; to the widow of his deceased
nephew. Charles H. Pardee. $5000; to his
friend. Charles II. Tweed. $50.o.V).
The twelfth section gives $100,000 to the
Ifnmpton Normal and Agricultural Insti
tute. Hampton. Va.
Article 13 gives $25.W) to the Chapin
Home for the Aged and Infirm, New
York City.
Article 14 provides that the residue of
the estate is to be .given -to the tes
tator's nephew, Henry Edwards Hunting
ton. Articles 15 and 1<5 give certain legal
powers to the executors.
Not for Husband's Debts.
It is provided in the fourteenth article
of the will that should any sums held In
trust under articles 5, 6 and 7, setting
aside J500.000 for Mrs. Isabella D. Hunt
inglon, the widow; $250,000 for Archer M.
Huntingtcn, the adopted son, and $1,000,000
for the Princess Hatzfeldt, the adopted
daughter, become reduced In value so as
not to j-ield 4 per cent or should any sums
be lost by unfortunate ¦ investments or
otherwise, the executors are authorized
to make good such loss, either In princi
pal or income, out of any other funds of
the estate remaining . in their hands if
there be any such not specifically appoint
ed under the foregoing provisions of the
will. In all S2,*JCS,000 in cash bequests Is
given, besides the leal estate, securities,
paintings and other articles. The absence
of any statement of the security holcling3
makes it difficult to estimate the value of
the estate. The will declares that all the
bequests made^to the Princess Hatzfeldt
nnd to other married women are for their
pole use and not liable for the debts of
their husbands. ¦ ,
Power Terminated by Death.
Article 17 authorizes Mrs. Huntington,
as executrix, or such attorney or substi
tute as she may appoint, to join with
Charles F. Crocker and Stlllman & Hub
bard, or their respective attorneys orper
ponal representatives, in executing of in
dorsing commercial paper. (This power
Is terminated by the death of Charles F.
Crocker and the dissolution of Stillman
& Hubbard.*
The articles following are purely legal,
the twenty second ' providing that any
beneficiary contesting the will shall for
feit his share In it.
The will was filed for probate In the
Surrogate's office to-day. The petition
asking that the Instrument be admitted
to probate does not give the value of the
estate. , Charles H. Tweed, Mr. Hunting
ton's attorney, said he could not place
any value on it. Mr. Tweed was asked
what would be the value of the bequests
in which it is provided that either money
or securities of the par value of , the sum
of money mentioned may be given by the
executors,. but he said he was not yet- in
a position to. reply.
The question having arisen as tn wlwt
•wtos meant by the statement In the will
tliat securities to the par- value of the
sums named could be given to the bene
ficiaries instead of ' money/ a representa
tive of the Associated Press ' asked ?£;.
-n T E\V YORK. Aug. 24.— The will of »
|\ I the late Collis P. Huntington was |
I \i made public to-day. It gives j
I \ HjQOOjOOO in trust for Princess j
Hatzfeldt during her life, the prin- j
cipal to go to her Issue at her death: ;
JJfO.OuO in trust is given for the benefit of ;
Mrs. Huntington, the widow, for life, j
afterward for the benefit of Archer M.
Huxuinglon for life; two-thirds of the
Southern Pat ific Railway stock is to be ;
dven to I.Irs. Huntir.gton and one-ihird j
to Henry Edwards Huntingdon on condi
tion that no part thereof shall be sold
during the lifetime of any except with i
the consent of both. The Fifty-seventh !
street and Fifth avenue residence in this j
city, together with all the articles therein, •
I Is given to Mrs. Huntington for life, aft- j
crward to be given to Archer M. Hunting
ton; £50.000 is given in trust for Archer
2L Huntmgton, the capital at his death .
to be paid to his Issue; $270,000 is given j
fa trust for the benefit of Harriet S. j
Huntington, Elizabeth Purdy, Susan Pot- !
ter and Allen Gates, in portions of $50,003 I
each; $30,<X<0 for the K-nefit of C. H. I
Sammis and EM.000 each for the benefit j
cf Eleanora I^oveland and Frank Pardee. i
Various other specific bequests are made. |
Mrs. Huntington. Charles II. Tweed
and Is=aac- E. Gates Mr. Huntington's
lirother-in-iaw. are made c-fcecutors uf the
will. All of Sic. Huntington's pictures are
given to Mrs. Runtingion f^r life, after
ward to Archer M. Huriungt'in lor life,
ami at his death to the Metropolitan Mu
seum of Art «'f Xpw York absolutely.
In Twenty-Three Articles.
The v.ill is in twenty-three articles, is
dated March 13, 1S37. and witnessed by
Maxwell Evarts, Andrew K. Vandeventer
and George E. Downs.
None of Mr. Huntington's securities is
mentioned by name except his Southern
.Pacific stock. Tne other bequests are
made in money, but it is also provided
that the executors may give to tne bene
ficiaries instead of money securities to
the par value of the gums named. The
executors are empowered to dispose of
practically ail securities and real estate
except the Southern Pacific holdings.
The first article directs the payment of
debts. -.:, ....
The second disposes of all furniture,
bric-a-nrac, books, etc., to Mrs. Hunting
ton for life; afterward to Archer JLHunt
ingtnn for iif<\ nnd at his' den th to the
Metropolitan Museum of Art of Xew
York City absolutely.
Article third gives the New i'ork City
residence to Mrs. Huntington for life: at
her death to Archer M. Huntington abso
lutely, or in default of issue By him to
Yale ("niversity absolutely.
Article four givos to Mrs. Huntlngton's
s-isur. lin. Elizabeth Purdy. and t» her
daughter. Eleanora lx>v<iand, absolutely,
a dew-oiling house now occupied by them
in Oneoma. X. Y.
The fifth article gives $500,000 in trust for
Mrp. Huntington for life, to go to Archer
M. Huntington for life and to his issue
absolutely.
In the sixth article t25f».o(to jp placed in
trust for Archer M. Huntington and issue.
One Million in Trust
The seventh article gives $1.00.1 .OCO in
trust for the Princess Hatzfeldt. the cap
ital to go to her issue, or failing issue to
$uch persons as she may direct by will.
The eighth article disposes of the South
ern Pacific stock belonging- to Mr. Hunt
inirton. Mrs. Arabella I). Huntlngton. the
widow, is jrivfn two-thirds of the stock
and Henry Edwards Iluntlngrlon, nephew
one-tlifrd. . This portion of the - will pro
vides that the shares bequeathed to Ara
bella D. Huntlnpton and H«nrjr Edwards
HuTitington shall net. nor tpball any por
tion thereof, be sold or disposed of. auring
the lifetime of either of th* legatees, ex
«oj»t with the consent of both such 1 3ega
tees or of the ?urvi\-or of thom. The^will
then saye:
I would eusrsfft to the eaid H>r.rv Edwards
Huntington and Arabella D, Huntinjjton that
saW of such portions of raid stock as they
may receive under the foregoing provisions of
this, my will, tha'.l not be made except sub-
Ftantlally pro rata with shares of etock of eaid
company belonging to the successors in Inter
est of my former associates. Mark Hopkins,
Iceland Stanford and Charles Crocker, but* this
euEirefcMon Is not to be In anywise legally or
equitably operative or binding upon my lega-
NLW YORK, Aug. 24.— Those who should have a large knowledge of Mr. Huntington'* affairs figure
that he left behind in one way or another from $25,000,000 to $35,000,000. Some of his inter
ests were enormous. That in the Southern Pacific has been run up as high as §45,000,000. It' is said to
be about 812,000.000. In the Pacific Improvement Company, capital $5,000,000, which owns the Hotel
del Slonte, at Monterey, worth $2,500,000, and Arcadia, at Santa Monica, and the mines of Castle Crag,
in the Upper Sacramento Valley near Shasta, Mr. Huntington's interest is computed at $2,500,000. The
Huntington interest at Newport News cannot, it is claimed, be less than $6,000,000. In the Pacific Mail
Steamship Company Mr. Euntington's interests were about $2,000,000. His share in other corporations
was not less than $1,500,000.
VALUE OF THE HUNTINGTON ESTATE.
decision in the celebrated Anvil Creek con
troversy at Nome, refusing to entertain
the petition for the discharge of Receiver
Alexander MoKenzie. The properties are
all still tied up, with an equal chance for
either party to the contest to win out in
the regular trials in the courts of law.
The cases are to come up September 1.
Work on the contested claims will be
continued as usual under Receiver Mc-
Kenzie unless they should be stopped by
order of court. The dust taken out will
be deposited subject to the order of the
court for distribution.
The whole number of deaths at Nome
since June 1, as shown by the records of
the Coroner, is seventy-one, of which
twenty-rtine were natives. There has been
only one death from smallpox. There
have been In all twenty cases of small
pox in the hospital, nearly all of which
were of a mild form. Most of the deaths
are from pneumonia.
E. J. Powers, Seattle, Wash, pneumonia:
Alexander McLean. Seattle, pneumonia; Henry
Rftwlins, Portland, Or., pneumonia: Mur
ray. Oakland, Cal.. wileide^ Benjamin King.
Dawson, suicide: Francis Campbell, pilot of
steamship Olympia. pneumonia: Harry W.
Harland Chicago, pneumonia; Captain Joseph
Whiteside, San Francisco, pneumonia: Mary
Swisert residence unknown, bronchitis: L.
MacDonald. Visalia. Cal.. pneumonia; Louis
Rlburg. residence unknown, pneumonia; John
W, Beatty, San Francisco, rneumonia: Wil
liam Kelly, residence unknown, pneumonia; J.
D Rouse "residence unknown, accidental death:
William R. Wheaton, Oakland, Cal., pneumo-
MONUMENT UNVEILED
ON SAMOAN ISLAND
Granite Shaft Raised in Honor of
American and British Officers
and Men.
APIA, Samoa, Aug. 4.-On Sunday, July
29, with impressive ceremonies the monu- N
ment to the British and American officers
and men who were killed together in the
late light with natives was unveiled at
Mulinuu by the Imperial Governor in front
of a large gathering of people. The monu
ment is in honor of Lieutenant Lansdale,
IT. S. • N... Lieutenant /Angel Hope Free
man of the British navy and ten other j
men. live of each navy, who were slain by ;
natives while on an expedition which had
great difficulty in getting off shore.
The monument is of granite. It bears
the British and American flags entwined,
cut in bronze, and a navy anchor, also of
bronze. On the front is an Inscription
bearing the names of the men in memory
of whom it was erected ad the words
"Killed in action, April, 1S99." In addition
to the names of Lieuteants Lansdale and
Hope those on the monument are Ensign
J. R. Monaghan. N. E. Edsall, James
Butler. John E. Mudge and Thomas Hol
lowav of the American navy, Albert Long,
Albert M. Prout, A. H. J. Thornberry, K.
Rodgers and E. Halloran of the British
navy. On the back of the monument is an
inscription stating that it was erected by
the officers and men of the United States
flagship Philadelphia and H. B. M. ships
Tauranga, Royalist. Torch, and Porpoise.
The procession to the scene of the un
veiling was led by British and American
marines, marching wtih reversed arms,
and firing parties from H. M.S. Pylades
and United States ship Abarenda fired
three volleys over the graves of their dead
comrades. ¦'¦• ¦
Native revolts against German rule are
threatened as a result of what the Sa
moans consider the undue harshness of
the Germans. There have been seventy
seven natives put in jail and set to work
on the roads for trivial offenses, and the
efforts of Mataafa to reconcile the Samo
ans to the new form of government nave
failed so far.
There has been a large exodus of natives
from the island of Samoa, most of them
going to Fiji. So far no trouble has de
veloped at the American or British Sa
moan settlements. ___^__
Special Dispatch to The Call.
TACOMA, Aug. 24.— News brought by
steamship Tacoma. that arrived to
day from Nome, reports the most
terrific storm ever known on Bering
Sea, which raged from August 7 for
five days, causing a loss of hundreds of
thousands of dollars and many lives.
When the steamer left twenty bodies had
been washed ashore, 'none of which had
been identified so far as the passengers
en the steamer know. Reports from the
beach all the way from Golovin Bay
westward were of loss of life all along
the shore.
The Tacoma and other large steamers
at anchor steamed out to sea for safety
when the storm began, but schooners,
lighters, small steamers and all manner
of small craft were wrecked, excepting a
few that succeeded in getting into the
river before the storm became violent.
Sailing vessels dragged their anchors and
went on the beach, where for miles all
manner of craft are piled in heaps of
wreckage, together with merchandise,
lumber, coal and other materials, includ
ing many mining pumps, engines and
boilers used in beach wprking.
The storm came on with great fury, the
waves dashing over the beach nearly up
to Main street, wrecking many buildings
and tents. The air was filled with flying
debris, driven before the fierce gale, and
many persons were injured. Along the
shore hundreds ot men were at work at
tempting to save goods from the sea, and
were caught by the waves and carried
out, only to be dashed back on the beach,
bruised and unconscious, or washed out
to sea and drowned.
One wrecked boat containing five men
wns washed ashore at Topkuk and all the
bodies recovered. One of the bodies was
identified aa that of a man named
Hughes. A letter was found on his body
addressed to Jake Berger, a I>aniels
Creek mine owner. The bodies were all
buried near the place where they were,
found. Five bodies were washed ashore in
the vicinity of Nome City, three at the
mouth of Nome River, and from reports,
three more several miles up the coast.
With the exception of a young fellow
aged 25, named Crowly. none had been
identified when the Tacoma loft. Crow
ly was drowned on August 11. He was
rowing in a small dory. Hi? boat was
seen to capsize in the surf and when hls>
body was washed ashore there was quite
a crowd of people waiting for it on the.
beach Several doctors tried to resus
citate him. tfut to no avail.
The first bad storm of th«» season was
dn August 2, when much property was
saved and large claims for salvage made.
The storm of later date was much more
fierce and destructive, and the ' salvers
were surprised and" overwhelmed by the
waves. - Since August 2. when the rains
began the mud has been deeper and the
streets almost impassable. The tundra is
soft and the tents situated off Main street
can be reached only by the greatest dif
liculty. pedestrians sinking to the nips in
the soft mud. . _
About 10.000 people have gone out ana
more are going by every steamer. - .
A petition for the incorporation of Nome
is pending before Judge Noyes who 1? ex
pected soon to allow an order for tne elec
tion of a Mayor. Council and other munic
ipal officers. T-iie City will have an income
of $50,000. which will be sufficient to take
care of the municipal expenses, including
the police and fire departments.
On August 10 Judge Noyes rendered a
n!a; Joe Lucas, residence unknown, murdered;
John Ross, residence unknown, pneumonia;
Victor Berozzl, residence un'nown, pneumonia;
John Hanley. residence unknown, suicide; S.
Strouse. residence unknown. pneumonia;
Charles Campbell, residence unknown, pneu
monia: Michael Farrel, residence unknown,
pneumonia: Gabriel Adenson. native half
breed, pneumonia; Captain C. B. Austin. Oma
ha, Xebr.. pneumonia; Carl Anderson, resi
dence unknown, pneumonia; Lester H. McKee.
residence unknown, suicide: J. W. Walsmey,
residence unknown, smallpox; John Nolan, alias
George Smith, residence unknown, murdered;
Michael Smith, residence unknown, murdered;
Oswald Gastonguye, residence unknown, foun'l
dead on beach, probable murder; Ole Holden.
Tacoma. Wash., accident: Ryan. San Fran
cisco, pneumonia; Robert F. Lorrmann, Rapid
City. S. D., pneumonia; watchman, Alaska
Commercial Company, murdered; two sister?,
buried by parents, pneumonia; man buried on
Anvil Creek, no record; man burled between
Nome and Cape York, no record; two bodies
washed ashore near Topkuk. no record: two
men buried near mouth .of Nome River, no
record; fourteen natives at "Nome; ten natives
at Dexter Spit: five natives at Penny River.
SKAGUAY, Alaska, Aug. 16 (via Seattle,
Wash., Aug. 24).— General Randall. U. S.
A., in charge of the Department of Alas
ka, who has been in charge of affairs at
Nome this summer. Is expected to arrive
in Skaguay soon. H« is to come up the
Yukon River and it is presumed he will
visit the posts along the river and per
haps meet General Greely, now bound
down the Yukon in connection with the
work of building the new Government tele
graph line in the Yukon basin.- General
Randall should be here at the furthest
some time In October unless he intends to
wait for the river to freeze and come
over the Ice. which could perhaps not be
done before December.
BEATTT WELL KNOWN.
One of Nome's Dead Formerly an Em
ploye of. Shreve & Co.
Social Discatch to The Call? "
ALAMEDA, Aug. 24.— John "VC. Beatty.
whose death from pneumonia is reported
from Nome, left Alameda four montha
ago to take a responsible position with
the Alaska Commercial Company at
Xome. He had formerly, been In the em
ploy of G. W. Shreve & Co.. the San
Francisco jewelers, with whom he had
been for six yeare. ills wife received a
letter from him a week ago. In which ho
expressed his satisfaction with the new
position. Mr. Beatty'a home was at 2110
Eagle avenue. He leaves a widow and
two children, a girl and a boy of 8 and 5
years respectively. His age was 45 yeara
and nativity New York. In club and fra
ternal affairs in Alameda Mr. Beatty was
quite prominent. He was one of those
who originated the old Encinal Recreation
Club, holding the office of director until
It disbanded. He was a member.of Spruca
Camp, Woodmen of the World.
GOLD AT COOK HTLET.
Beach at Kadyak Creek Is Said to Be
Promising.
VANCOUVER, B. C. Aug. 24.— Another
rich sold strike on the Alaskan coast U
reported. Salmon fishermen made the dis
covery near Kadyak Creek, Cook Inlet.
It Is another case of beach gold and tiMi
coarse grains are so promising that a
number of miners leaving Cape Nom*
have gone to the new district. News of
the discovery is brought here by J. P.
Ford, a practical mining engineer, wei!
known here, who has just returned from
Cape Nome.
Foriomis Storm Sweeps Bering Sea, PUSirag All Kairads
of Craft ©o the Beael! aed Rmlinaeg Mamy
BMlldflegs aed Temts at Nome.
DEAD MEN AND WRECKS
STREW ALASKA'S SHORE
BEQUESTS MADE BY THE
LATE C. P. HUNTINGTON
About Two-Thirds of the Estate ©if the Railroad Mag
nate Left to the Widow aitid Nearly One-Third
to the Nephew,
]\f\ ANII/A, Aug. 24.— The Jap
lr\ anese liner Futami Maru,
Captain Thorn, bound from Australia
to Manila with a cargo of stores for
the American Government, went
aground and broke in twain on the
island of Mindanao.
The passengers and crew campsd
for six days on the island. They are
now being brought to Manila by the
British steamer Australian, Captain
Kock, the offlwrof the luckless liner,
remaining behind.
There were no casualties, but the
cargo, baggage and vessel will prob
ably a total loss.
Passengers and , Crew Escape, but
Remain in Camp for Six Days
Before Be ing Taken to
Manila,
SHE STRUCK ON THE
ISLAND OF MINDANAO
The Steamship Futami Maru
Goes Aground and Breaks
in Twain.
JAPANESE
LINER IS A
TOTAL WRECK
THE SAX FRAXCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, AUGUST 25, 1900.
LONDON. Aug. 24.— A dispatch from
Pretoria dated to-day says General Lord
Roberts has confirmed the sentence of
death imposed upon Lieutenant Cordua.
formerly of the Staats Artillery, who
was convicted of being a ringleader In
the plot to abduct General Roberts and
kill British officers. /
LONDON, Aug. 25.— A dispitfch from
Pretoria says that Lieutenant Cordua
was shot yesterday (Friday) afternoon.
LONDON, Aug. 24.— The following dis
patch has been received at the War-Ot
fice from Lord Roberts:
"PRETORIA, Thursday, Aug. 23.-Ba.
den-Powell rescued one hundred British
prisoners at Warm Baths August 22 and
captured twenty-one Boers and a Ger
man artillery officer.
"Buller's casualties August 21 were
seven men killed and Captain Ellershaw
and twenty-one men wounded and five
men missing.
"Kitchener, August 22. had eight cas
uahies. .
"While reeonnoltering in the Komatl
Valley Rundle found HO.00O rounds of
ammunition buried.
"The columns pursuing Dewet made
wonderful marches. Colonel Macklnnon
covered 224 miles in fourteen days."
LONDON. Aug. 25.— General Baden.
Powell,' according: to a dispatch to the
Standard ; from Pretoria, dated August
23, headed off General Dewet. preventing
his junction with the main body of th*
enemy. '
- 1 - Dewet. abandoned his transport and
took to the hills, his commando <u» n *'»-
General Baden-Powell Heads Off Gen
eral Dewet and Prevents His
Junction With the Main
Body of Boers.
Lieutenant Cordua of Staats
Artillery Snuffers the Ex
treme Penalty.
EXECUTED FOR
PLOTTING TO
TAKE ROBERTS
2
VIEW* OF THE BEACH AT
CAPE NOME WHERE THE RE
CENT STORMS CAUSED SO
MUCH DAMAGE AND LOSS
OF LIFE. AMONG THE RE
CENT VICTIMS OF PNEU
MONIA AT THE ALASKA CAMP
WAS JOHN W. BEATTY OF
ALAMEDA, FORMERLY WITH
SHREVE & CO. OF SAN FRAN
CISCO. WHOS£ PICTURE IS
SHOWN IN THE ABOVE CUT,
REPRODUCED FROM A PHO
TOGRAPH BY WILLIAMS.
PRINCIPAL HEIRS OF THE HUNTINGTON ESTATE.
Pretty boxes and odors
are used to sell such
soaps as no one would
touch if he saw them un :
dissruised. Beware of a
soap that depends on
something outside of it.
All sorts of stores sell it, especially
druggists; all sorts of people ara
using it.
Pears', the finest soap
in the world is scented or
not, as you wish; and the
money is in the merchan-
dise, not in the box. (At the last meeting of the Bryan and
Stephenson Club of the. Thirty- fourth As
sembly District J. J. Crowley introduced
resolutions of respect to the memory of
the late Supervisor John E. A. Helms,
who was elected Supervisor from that
district. The resolutions also embodied
a request that Mayor Phelan appoint a3
successor to Mr. Helms, John P. Henry,
a prominent Democrat of the Thirty
fourth District. ¦-
Want Phelan to Appoint Henry.
A primary election for the Fourth Con
gressional District will be held In this
city to-day. The fifty-five delegates who
comprise the convention have already
been appointed by Martin Kelly. As the
latter has all the election officers on the
Inside and no opposition on the outside
he can stuff the ballot-boxes at his pleas
ure. He can throw in fifty-five votes or
fifty-five thousand votes, as he Is in
clined. If his rounders are not too weary
from their nefarious work of yesterday.
Hon. Julius Kahn. Congressman from
the Fourth Congressional District, has no
opposition and Is sure of renomination.
Between 7 and 10 o'clock to-night the
Democratic party will elect at their va
rious district clubs delegates to the con
vention to be held in San Jose next
month.
Primaries to Be Held To-Day.
The returning committee worked un
til a late hour canvassing 1 the ballots
cast. It had heard from twelve precincts
and had received protests from the
Fortieth and Forty-third districts.
The committee will meet In the Baldwin
Annex this morning at 11 o'clock for th»
purpose of receiving further returns and
to decide whether or not it should take
up the protests.
Officers Freyer and Meyers of the
Southern station -were detailed to watch
the ballots for fear that some of Kelly
and Crimmins' satellites might try to de
stroy them. The officers kept their
weary vigil all night and were i/jt called
upon to exercise their authority.
ried by the votes of members of tho
County Committee, who from the first
have expressed their opposition to the
appointment of any committee by Mr.
Bouvier."
MILWAUKEE, Aujf. 24. — The Dally News
says an organization having for Its object the
control of every electric plant and system In
Wisconsin, has been incorporated by Milwau
kee capitalists. The name of the company la
the Wisconsin Traction. Light. . Heat and
Power- Company. Henry C. Payne, John I.
Beggs, Charles F. Pflster and F. G. Blgelow,
all of Milwaukee, are the lncorporators. . .
HONOLULU. Aug. 17.— The water front
rows over the business of shipping sailors
which have been stirring up Honolulu for
six months resulted In another fight two
days ago, and the Grand Jury, has now
taken the matter up. Oscar Lewis and F."
J. Turk, the San Francisco and Portland
shipping masters who came here about
nine months ago. had their third Police
Court, trial here yesterday, being up for
assault and battery on William McCarthy,
a shipping master who ships union men.
They were fined $50 each by Judge .Wllcox.
Shipping Masters Pined.
Fatally Shot by a Conductor of the
Oahu Railway, Whom He Had
Threatened to Discharge.
HONOLULU, Aug. 17.— A quarrel be
tween Yardmaster John W. Lorbeer and
Samuel Barney, conductor, of the Oahu
Railway Company last Sunday morning
ended in'the shooting of the yardmaster.
who died In a few moments after being
shot Barney is now under arrest charged
with murder In the first degree.
Tho trouble between the two men arose
over threats by Lorbeer to discharge Bar
ney accusing him of drunkenness. On
Sunday morning they met at the rail
road station Just as an excursion train
was about to leave. Barney stood in front
of an engine and Lorbeer pushed him out
of the way. Then as Lorbeer started to
leave Barney shouted at him, calling him
some name it Is supposed. The yard
master started back toward Barney and
the latter drew a pistol and fired.
After the first shot Lorbeer clinched
with the other man, though he had
already received a fatal wound. The two
men fell to the ground, Barney firing
again with the pistol pressed against
Lorbe.er's side. ¦ Lorbeer died before reach
ing the hospital. - ._
Accounts of witnesses differ as to who
was the aggressor. Some state that Lor
beer had struck the first blow before any
shot was fired, while according to others
the pistol was used when Lorbeer was ap
proaching Barney.
The dead man's parents reside Jn Po
mona.* Cal. He had been in the employ of
the railroad for about two years and was
a' highly efficient workman, having been
promoted from the bottom to the position
of yardmaster. He was a member of the
ord*er of Odd, Fellows.
'-¦Barney came -here about a year ago
from San Antonio, Texas. He was ar
raigned In the District Court the day after
the killing and granted a continuance. It
is understood that his plea will be self
defense. . ' ¦¦ • ¦ s -
? ST. PAUL, Aug. 24.— Private advices to-day
from New York Btate that Luther E. Newport,
..the prominent St. Paul society and business
man.. well known in business all' over the coun
try, who became temporarily ' Insane In Xew
York because of the heat on Monday, Is In a
very critical condition, but It Is hoped that
with great care he may recover.
JOHN W. LORBEER
KILLED IN HONOLULU
Averment That the .Life of the Han
Who Was Killed Was
Worthless.
United States District Judee Beatty of
Idaho, sitting in the United States Circuit
Court, took Up the trial of the" case of
Walter Thompson (aged 15 years) vs. the
Southern Pacific Company, an action for
$10,000 damages for the death of the boy's
father, George F. Kellogs, In October,
1S9S. in San Diego County. The boy's
mother died some years before the father.
George F. Kellogg, according to the
complaint, was a mall clerk and was In a
mail car when the accident occurred. In
traversing the thirty-mile desert In San
Diego County the locomotive ran Into a
pile of sand, driving the water tender Into
the mail car. inflicting fatal Injuries upon
KellogR. Kvldence v.-lll be Introduced dur
ing the trial to show that the defendant
had only one track walker for twenty
miles oitrack at the time of the accident.
Carelessness on the part of the defendant
l-i alleged.
Tho defendant will try to prove that
George F. Kellogg was a drunkard and
that he never provided for his family.
Hence that his life was worthless so far
as the son was concerned, anl that.there
fore the son sustained no damage In his
death.
The trial will be resumed to-day.
STRANGE DEFENSE IN
RAILROAD DAMAGE SUIT
Fearing further trouble. Sergeant Coo
jran with five policemen from the Southern
division was sent to the scene In a patrol
wagon. The ballots which had been
Ftrewn about the floor were picked up by
Thomas E. Brophy, a friend of the Fifth
street push, who strung them together
and took them to his room. T|he polling
rlace remained closed during the rest of
the day and Interest was transferred to
rolling place No. 1. at 200 Natoma street,
both sides realizing that the fate of the
tickets would be determined there. ' -
The straightening out of the political
tangle In the Thirty-first In a manner sat
isfactory to even a few of the electors of
the district will take quite a little time
and considerable diplomacy. One faction
met Wednesday night and took action
against "some" of the County. Committee
The timely, arrival of Policemen Good
win and Van Kueren prevented further
destruction of property and, what evi
dently was th<? desire of the Kelly and
Crimmins heelers, a big row. Th« officers
placed S. J. Campbell, James Nolan (also
an employe of Scott) and W. J. Maskell
under arrest, charging them with disturb
ing the peace. These men In turn pre
ferred charges against Edward Nolan for
breaking the ballot-box. He was arrested
and charged with malicious mischief, but
was Immediately released on a cash bond.
At No. 2 polling place of the Thirty
first, at 2S4 Ninth street. In the private
rooms of a Faloon, a disgraceful row oc
curred at 3 o'clock. The election officers,
consisting of James Nolan, Harry Hall,
W. Kane, George Brown and James
Sweeney, were attending to the business
intrusted to them. Edward Nolan, the
county committeeman of the district, en
tered the room where the ballot-box rest
ed on a table in front of the window. At
the same time S. J. Campbell, a brother
in-law of Phil Crimmins and a deputy In
the office of Harry Scctt. the Tax Col
lector, entered the room and made a grab
for the box with the evident Intention of
smashing it. Nolan tried to prevent the
Kelly hf-eler from destroying the ballots,
and a small sized row was precipitated,
fn which the plass front of the ballot-box
was smashed and the ballots strewn about
the floor. During the melee heelers on
the outside threw bundles of folded bal
lots among those on the floor.
In the Thirty-first District, which Is lo
cated above the section of the south-of-
Market-street dividing line, where Kelly
and Crimmins iieelers could not stuff the
box, there was trouble Incidental to a
primary where no laws can be evoked for
protection against roughs and opium
6inokers who take orders from the bosses.
Riot in Thirty-First District
The anti-Crimmlns men tried to force
open the door of the polling place, but the
policemen on duty prevented them, and
realizing that few anti-boss ballots would
be counted if cast into that box they
opened a polling place of their own just
across the street at 10:30 o'clock. For
the remainder of the day peace reigned
supreme in the Mint saloon district. Vot
ing wont on uninterruptedly, each voter
choosing his voting place according to his
own predilections. It was a greater exer
cise of liberty than Is usually permitted
even to free-born Americans. In the Sec
ond Precinct the same scene -was enacted,
and the McNamara faction opened a poll-
Ing place at Fourth and Shipley streets,
the Kelly-Crimmlns men holding forth at
416 Fourth street. In the First Precinct
the north of Jessie ballot-box received 323
votes for the Kelly-Crimmins ticket and
22 for the anti-boss ticket, while in the
south of Jessie ballot-box there were de
posited 317 votes for the anti-boss ticket
and 3 for the Kelly-Crimmlns candidates.
At 7 o'clock "Jack" McNamara and the
election board whose credentials had been
signed by Chairman Bouvier and Secre
tary Wilson appeared at tho designated
polling- place. 3CS Jessie street, and de
manded admission. The Kelly-Crimmins
men had the door bolted and the window
raised about six inches, so that voters
might pass their ballots through to the
guardian anRf-ls in charge of the box.
These men refused admittance to the reg
ularly appointed election officers and an
nounced that they were the properly au
thorized board. They offered to allow Mc-
Namara. one judpe to represent his side.
to open Martin Kelly, Phil Crimmins and
Eddie Graney were on hand at the corner
of Fifth and Jessie streets to see that
their henchmen were alert.
There Is strong evidence to show that
the Kelly and Crimmins gang- In the poll
ing place voted about seventy-five times
between the hours of 4 and 6. One of
the judges Inside the polling place was
openly and notoriously engaged in writing
out the names of the citizens who had
not voted. These names .were passed, out
to a henchman,' who took them to a
When Mr. Fl:her of 130S Powell street,
a highly respectable and well-known Re
publican, attempted to vote; as was his
right, he was iold that he had already
voted. He protested vehemently and
might not hav/; secured the privilege of
casting his ballot had not Mr. Hart In
formed the inspector that a "hop-head"
voted Mr. Fisher's name early in th»
morning. When Mr. Fisher tendered hi.<
ballot. the polling officers laughed at him
but after Mr. Hart and Fisher made their
united complaint : against such unfai"
methods the officers condescended to al
low him to vote. Mr. Fisher's name was
therefore voted twice.
Tommy Conboy, a prominent factor in
Democratic politics In the Forty-third
District, changed political • coats for the
occasion and made himself obnoxious to
the decent Republicans. He was chal
lenged repeatedly for voting and succeed
ed in obstructing the voting. Joseph F«i
gan, known as "Napoleon" Fagan of base
ball and political affairs, and who is also
a Democrat, voted In behalf of Kelly ai.d
Crimmins.
Mr. Hart asked Corcoran if he was not
ashamed of himself for voting another
man's name, but the stuffer unblushingly
Ignored the rebuke. The Kelly and Crim
mins fellows inside the booth came to the
stuffer's rescue by yelling "What of it?
Vote anyhow." Mr. Corcoran voted.
A young man named Dunphy voted the
name of Timothy G. Murphy of 211 Proa
pect place, and i twenty minutes later
brazenly returned and voted the name of
Michael Clay, who resides at 1025 Clay
street. Mr. Hnrt objected to this high
handed voting and protested to the in
spector of the .booth. John Kavanaugh
backed him up} The latter said to Dun
phy, "Yes, you 'voted already," and again
the Kelly and Crimmins voices inside the
booth replied in unison. "What fell If he
did? Let him vote again." voted
again.
The work of Kelly and Crimmins'
henchmen in the Forty-third District was
bo criminal that the policemen who were
present to. keep order blushed for shame.
Despite the protestations of J. D. Hart
and George J. Boyne stuffing went on
with a freedom that was startling in the
extreme. In the second polling place
"Bob" Corcoran, a notorious politician of
that district, voted often. He walked up
to the ballot-box without fear and cast
the votes of honorable men who had not
the opportunity to vote. He voted the
name of Charles \V. Will of 216 Prospect
place and when Mr. Hart, who was pres
ent to prevent stuffing.- protested his ob
jection was overruled by the hirelings of
the bosses, who played havoc with the
ballot-boxes In the booth.
Made Policemen Blush.
Balloting at Twenty-fourth and Folsom
streets was quiet and brisk. More than
two hundred representative Republicans
cast their ballots In the cause of decency.
Kelly and Crimmins had two large bal
lot-boxes filled with votes before the noon
hour, one at Twenty-fourth streeet and
Potrero avenue, and the other in the back
room of a saloon at Twentieth and Illi
nois streets.
A. J. Martin and Jack Welsh looked
after the County Committee's Interests In
the Thirty-third District. All was quiet,
possibly due to the fact that the opposi
tion established polling places in other
parts of the district. It is claimed that
Martin Kelly secured ballot-boxes for his
henchmen to stuff by assuring the Regis
trar that he wanted them for th<; Con
gressional primary- Instead of carrying
out his promise he used the boxes In op
position to the County Committee.
Kelly's Hand, in Thirty-Third.
for not respecting the wishes of their end.
Three of the committee of the district
Joined the faction and at the polls yester
day It was hard for their followers to lo
cate themselves. Bouvier, anti-Bouvler,
Burns. ar.ti-Burns, Kelly and Crimmins
and anti-Krlly and .Crimmins factions
were out for themselves.
"I came over this evening representing
an antl-Ruef-Bouvier faction. The mat
ter was informally discussed In commit
tee and a resolution was adopted by the
committee rejecting my proposition. The
spirit of the committee was shown by the
attitude of Mr. Metzner of the Thirty
sixth Assembly District, who advised the
committee to Instruct those whom I rep
resented to file their returns as provided
In the version of the call published In to
day's paper, namely 930 Market street, or
do with them as we pleased.
"I then withdrew. We are going, to
fight to the finish on the proposition that
the district committeemen were consti
tuted canvassing and returning boards
for their respective districts, and that
the appointment of the committee of
eighteen was an arrogatlon of power not
justified In the call of August 11, 1900. and
entirely Inconsistent with the Ruef
amendment to that call, which was car-
Mr. Tilden after his unsatisfactory' In
terview with the returning board stated
that his side won out all over the city.
"Although we are perfectly satisfied
that we are going to be sustained by the
Ftate Central Committee and eventually
by the County Committee Itself." he said,
"we nevertheless in the interest of har
mony proposed to the committee of eight
een "that we would practically recogrizc
them as a returning and canvassing board,
provided that they wotild submit all pro
tests however trivial to the whole County
Committee.
Augustus Tilden, mouthpiece of Bosses
Kelly and Crimmins, appeared before the
returning board -with a proposition from
his superiors which was not entertained.
The rival faction was anxious to bring
its returns over to the Baldwin Annex,
but declined to do so unless it received as
surances from the board that it would
consent to have the County Committee
as e. whole act on the protests. Mr. Til
den's overtures fell on deaf ears and he
wa~ obliged to withdraw and Inform the
bosses of his failure. The matter now
resolves itself into a bitter fight which
will not end until right is recognized.
The bosses will attempt in three ways to
defeat the upholders of clean politics.
They will In all probability resort to a
discussion on credentials and will attempt
to prove their cause by producing the au
thority. They will also appeal to the
Election Commission for the right to hold
a convention and will also seek recogni
tion at the hands of the State Central
Committee.
190, second precinct 276, total 466. Dibble's
maiority. 122.
Forty-second District— Dr. C. T. Deane
(Kelly and Crimmins), 422; Horace Wil
son 226 ' ¦
Forty-fourth District— W. F. Fitzgerald
(regular). 801; W. Schenk. 55.
Of the districts reporting at Shiels Hall
and defying the authority of the regular
returning board the results were as fol
lows:
Twenty-eighth District— But one ticket;
312 votes cast.
Thirtieth District— Total vote 357. Kelly-
Crimmlns ticket 311, regular ticket 46.
Thirty-first District— In this district the
fight was between a Burns faction and a
Kelly faction. The following returns were
made at Shiels Hall: Burns ticket 253,
Kelly-Crimmlns 76.
Thirty-seventh District— Partial returns,
First precinct, Kelly-Crimmlns ticket, 554;
anti-boss, 1S2.
Thirty-eighth District— No contest.
Fortieth District— No returns reported.
Forty-third District — Kelly-Crimmins
ticket, 425; anti-boss ticket. 13S.
Forty-ttfth District — Kelly - Crimmins
ticket. 447; anti-boss ticket, 50.
From the Twenty-ninth District the
Kelly-Crimmlns people reported returns
for their separate ballot box as follows.
Kellv-Crimmins ticket. 633; anti-boss, 57.
Thirty-second District— T. B. de Witt,
299. No opposition ticket.
Thirty-third District— John Rider (regu
lar), 430; George D. Flack. 20.
Thirty-fourth, District— J. K. C. Hobbs
(regular), 475: G. Muller. 206.
Thirty-fifth District— John D. Daley, 333;
Peter T. C. Wolff. 157. Ticket elected Is
roixed in character.
Thirty-sixth District— E. D. Berri, 203.
No opposition; ticket independent and at
least not dominated by the bosses.
Thirty-ninth District— P. L. Archibald
(regular), 784; Nathan Blbo (Kelly and
Crtmmlns), 137. : "i~ : ' — .
Fortv-first District— Milton H. Esberg
(Dibble) first precinct 354, second precinct
241 total 595; J. C. Campbell, first precinct
From the Twenty-ninth and the Thirty
fourth districts there were two sets of re
turns, there having been in those districts
two sets of ballot boxes. One set of re
turns went to the regular returning board
and the other to the Shiels Hail gather
ing.
Chairman Bouvier claims that of the
delegates elected those of the Twenty
ninth, Thirty-second. Thirty-third. Thirty
fourth, Thirty-sixth, Thirty-ninth and
Forty-fourth districts are favorable to the
County Committee and opposed to Kelly
and Crimmins,- and those of the Thirty-^
fifth are divided between the bosses and
anti-bosses. Following are the returns
from the twelve districts reporting to the
regular returning board, the name of the
first candidate on the list of State Conven
tion delegates being- given:
Twenty-ninth District — D. MacDonald
(regular), 517; Thomas Corey (Kelly and
Crimmins), 7.
The rtums came in slowly to the return
board at the County Central Committee
headquarters, the last of the district
boards reporting there arriving only
shortly before midnight. Returns from
twelve precincts were reported to the reg
ular returning board, although two of
them were incomplete and were accom
panied by protests.
Boss, Fared at the Polls.
How the Candidates, Boss and Anti-
County Committeeman Frank Worth
foiled the attempt ot Kelly and Crimmins
ruffians to gain control of the ballot box
in the Thirty-ninth Assembly District.
The voting booth at 1032 Sutter street was
about to close when the hirelings of the
bosses made a descent on the booth. Mr.
Worth divined their purpose and pre
vented them carrying out their nefarious
work. No blows were struck, but for a
short time the air was tilled with warm
discussion and a battle royal was immi
nent. The bosses' henchmen seeing that
they could not gain possession of the bal
lots cast by the citizens, withdrew to a
nearby saloon and drowned their disap
pointment In drink.
RESULTS OF THE CANVASSES.
Scheme of Bosses Foiled.
Returns show that in the Ruef ballot
boxes out of SJ6 votes cast the boss ticktt
received 55. Eddie Buckley's returns gave
his own faction 256 votes, against 22 for
the Ruef ticket.
same way. The boss element opened busi
ness for themselves, but at no time were
they a possible factor in the fight.
After the polls closed Ruef's end made
a return to the Baldwin Annex head
quarters and the opponents, headed by
County Committeeman Eddie Buckley,
brought their ballots to the Shiels build
ing. Charges of crooked work were made
by both sides, but the boss outfit ac
knowledged that Ruef was the ov/ner.of
the district.
In the Forty-fourth District Abe Ruef
beat out the Kelly and Crimmins^ faction
quite handily. At both polling plnces.his
opponents, realizing that their cmtnees of
a showing were slim, opened voting head
quarters of their own. In tho First Pre
cinct I Maurice Bushway assumed ; charge
of f the new polls and hustled : about for
votes, but Ruef himself was close at hand
and got the ¦; majority of the voters to
throw their ballots with his faction. The
polls-were not far apart, and both
slcles were. well supplied with "scrappers"
not a ¦single fight occurred. Farther down
near the beach affairs shaped about the
Kuef Wins Decisive Victory.
The bosses proved themselves astute
and scheemtng politicians by their suc
cessful plan to disrupt and corrupt the
voting In the second polling: place in the
Fortieth District. That they succeeded
was borne out by the successful manner
In which their hirelings manipulated the
votes. The story of their crime came to
light last night when C. G. Bolsdorff.,,in
spector of the booth, loudly proclaimed
that he wanted a receipt for his ballots,
lie shouted that 365' votes had been cast
for Kahn and 204 for Fitzgerald, and that
the board refused to sign the tally
sheets. He called attention to a pack
age which rested in the ballot-box, which
he said contained votes that were pro
tested because they fell out of the box
when it was thrown down the cellar. In
spector Bolsdorff having secured his re
ceipt and left, the true story of boss
methods came to the surface.
It appears that after the polls were
closed and the officers were counting the
ballots, a number of hirelings of the
bosses tried to enter the booth and gain
possession of the ballot-box. Their
threatening front was only a feint, but
to show that they were in earnest they
broke in a plate-glass window. The
policeman on duty jumped . into the
breach and strove to hurl the hirelings
back, and during the excitement Inspec
tor Bolsdorff, who was in league with
the bosses, by a premeditated move
grabbed the ballot-box and hurled it
through a trap-door into the cellar. C.
M. Dillon, who was in sympathy with
the Countjl Committee, saw through the
scheme in a Jiffy and followed the ballot
box through the trap-door. He arrived
in the cellar in time to see a number of
Kelly and Crlmmins men diligently en
gaged in stuffing the box. He grabbed
the box and tossed it back Into the room.
During these exciting proceedings a num.
ber of ballots fell on the floor and be«
came contaminated in the eyes: of the
board. Trie policeman having forced the
crowd back, the ballot-box was rescued
and quiet once more reigned in the camp.
In the first precinct of the Fortieth dis
trict the same state of affairs existed.
No window was broken, but the contents
of the ballot-box were dumped on' the
floor by the. Inspector, and a clerk whllt
supposedly engaged in rescuing the votes
emptied his pockets of a hundred folded
ballots and they were counted with those
legitimately cast. , _
F. \V. Meyer, County Committeeman
from the district and a number of prom,
inent citizens are ready to file affidavits
with the County Committee to prove that
the ballots were intentionally or acci
dentally strewn on the floor by Harry
Baehr, the acting Inspector, and that
Harry Thompson, who acted as clerk,
added more ballots to those originally
cast. There Is every likelihood of a stiff
contest, before the County Committee to
night. A strong protest win be made
against accepting the votes and testi
mony will be given to prove that dirty
politics was resorted to by unscrupulous
politicians.
Bosses Win in the Fortieth.
The bosses went down- to ignominious
defeat in the Thirty-fourth District, not
withstanding the strenuous efforts of each
man on the push ticket. They brought
their henchmen to the polls in vehicle*, of
every description, but the respectable cit
izens of the district pursued the . even
tenor of their way and elected their dele
gates by a large maiority.
E. I. Robinson, who headed the list of
local delegates on the boss ticket, and
who made himself conspicuous by an open
espousal of the cause of bossism. met with
his just deserts, being defeated by George
L. Onter by a vote of 474 to 208.
Bosses Ignominiously Defeated.
neighboring saloon and within a short
time half a, dozen rounders, tilled with
drink, would roll over to the voting place
and cast the votes of honest men. The
decent element was helpless and had to
stand by and watch the criminals work.
According to a well-known citizen of the
district between twenty and thirty Kelly
and Crimmins rowdies voted throughout
the day with freedom and frequency.
Their presence in the district simpiy
frightened the citizens and they remained
away from the booth.
After the polling place had closed an at
tempt was made to steal the ballots. One
of the rowdies started to leave the place
with the precious papers in his pockets,
but was captured in his night by Police
man Barry. The latter turned the ballots
over to Inspector J. J. Kavanaugh, and
the latter, accompanied by Mr. Boyne, the
county commltteeman of the district, and
a gang of protesting Kelly and Crimmins
men, marched to the rooms of the County
Committee in the Baldwin Annex. Mr.
Hillman and Chairman Alfred Bouvier
were present to receive the ballots and the
room was crowded with politicians and
policemen. Fortunately the latter were
present in force, otherwise some fighting
might have resulted. The men were at
fever heat. Charges and counter-charges
were mada in loud voices, and it was
necessary for Sergeant Christenson and
his squad to clear the room before the
tangle could be straightened out.
Mr. Boyne demanded that Inspector
Kavanaugh turn the ballots over to the
County Committee and demanded silence
until the inspector, who was badly "rat
tled" bv the confusion, could explain how
the ballots had been stolen and recovered.
Policeman Barry was called upon to make
his statement, after which a receipt for
the "purported" ballots was turned over
to the inspector and a duplicate which was
loudly demanded by John P. Carlln and
J. P. Crowley. the poolseller. was hanied
to those parties. The room was again
cleared, and within a few minutes an
other squabble was on the tapis.
fy AREFUL estimates made at a late hour last night show
\j that the bosses will not be able to organize or control
the local nominating convention of the Republican par
ty. The opposition to Kelly and Crimmins has triumphed in
the following Assembly Districts: Twenty-ninth, Thirty-first,
Thirty-third, Thirty-fourth, Thirty-fifth, Thirty-sixth, Thirty
seventh, Thirty-ninth, Fortieth and Forty-fourth. These
large districts have 151 of the 250 delegates.
According to the face of returns, some of them being
notoriously fraudulent and illegal, Kelly and Crimmins may
be able to control the following districts: Twenty-eighth?
Thirtieth, Thirty-eighth. Forty-first, Forty-second, Forty
third and Forty-fifth. These boss-ridden districts will be
represented by ninety-one delegates.
The Thirty-second District with nine delegates is
classed as doubtful.
Leaders of the anti-boss element in the County Com
mittee are confident that the opposition to Kelly and Crim
mins will organize the convention and dictate the nomina
tions.
A survey of the field shows that E. I. Wolfe has lost his
fight for renomination to the Senate in the Twenty-first
Senatorial District.
Democrats marshaled by Rainey, Lanigan and Herrin
assisted Kelly and Crimmins in the invasion of the Forty
first District. The result is the election, on the face of the
returns, of the Dibble ticket.
The returning board of the County Committee will be
called upon to deal with the affairs of this district. Dibble
may be nominated again for the Legislature, but independ
ent Republicans are already insisting that his record shall be
produced in order to insure his defeat.
The Twenty-ninth Assembly District
t»ore thf distinction of having two opposi
tion polling places in each precinct. The
county oornmitucmen of this district
eland three for Kelly and Crimmins and
two lor the antl-lwj^s c-lemont. Leon Sam
.\:els. K. Lutjren end Jeremiah Collins are
» :he Krlly-Crimmirs members and J. B.
SleKainan and J. J. Daughney the others.
The Ke!!y-Crirr.rr.ins men obtained pos
«K.-£2ion of the hal'ot-boxes Thursday even
inn, and some of thc-lr heelers slept with
the paraphernalia all n'ght. In the morn
tr.£ a half hour before time for the polls
Two Sets of Ballot-Boxes.
The Forty-first District people were
boasting yesterday of an orderly, clean
primary, arid In some respects they had
Jt. There were no fights, nor smashed or
stolen ballot-boxes. But the Democratic
workers and Democratic voters were a
feature of which the reputable Repuo
licana of the district need not be proud.
"Nealv" Murphy, a dyed-in-the-wool
Democrat, was one of the most active
workers for the Dibble ticket. He and
"lilliy" JBarton spent the day in steer-
Ing Democrats up to the polling places.
1/orens of men who voted the .Democratic
ticket at the last election and who made
no pretenses that they will vote the Re
publican ticket this year cast votes for
Va^fr. C. A. MurdocK, F C.
Sclfridg-e, A. E. Taylor, Irvine Oraham
tnd Peter Callsen are some of tne repre
sentative citizens who wonted actively
m* the anti-boss ticket- Leon Dennery
tnd H. C. Dibble Jr. were the most act
. I workers for the Dibble ticket. Lntil
'<-¦) o'clock a large vote was polled by
the business and professional men of the
«Ji!-trict and it was overwhelmingly
against the bosses. After that hour the
"h f ll pang" and the Democrats oegan to
v, •;; , anrt the odds changed in favor of
In "several cases Democrats refused at
Orst to ray that they intended to vote
for the "Republican nominees, but
prompters at their elbows urged them
to reply in the affirmative and they Old
so and thoir voles were accepted.
Irvine (Jraham has a list of Democrat
ic voters and will make affidavit to It
and tile a protest with the County Cen
tral Committee. „ „ ,
"iiiliv Connors, one of Martin Kellj s
most faithful henchmen in the Jhirty
fxvemh district, gave the County Central
Cotamltteenwn a few hints in practical
•-j!i::cs in the afternoon. He called at
jK.-ajtio.ua.ncrs with an order for taJiy
Ehccts. In the exuberance of his elec
tion day enthusiasm he said:
i "You.se kin b<-t cher life Kelly s pot <Je
T"irty-»event' nil right. Fred Eagers is
onto his job. Every time one of de gang
pot* up to vote he puts in four all In
bunch. Them people out there Is all
right. Tilden. hi-'a one of us— purty good
Kuy he is. too. Youse kin put him in de
chulr Jiny time an" he'll so de route. ix>
youse kin sec we's all right In do I^lrty
bcvenf.
Democrats Voted for Dibble.
It will be shown to the returning board
that the corrupt bosses of the Kelly-
Ciimmins faction resorted to ballot box
smashing when cheating and repeating
could not succeed. Kelly Is an old-time
ballot box smasher. If he cannot stuff a
box he proceeds to smash it.
The Republican party of Ban Francisco
expects the returning board appointed by
the County Committee to do its duty.
There can be no compromise with fraud.
Credentials cannot in honor and Justice
be issued to rw-n who gained advantage
In the voting by downright cheating and
repeating on the part of their supporters.
It is essential to the welfare of the Re
publican party and to the cause of clean
government in San Francisco that the
members of the returning board shall
fairly and impartially consider the testi
mony. It is true that twenty thousand
Republican voters neglected to participate
In the primary election yesterday, but
their support will be needed to elect the
Republican ticket next November. No
doubt they regarded a primary- election
¦without the protection of law as a farce
L.nd a sham and purposely refrained from
voting, but they will vote next November
and vote the Republican ticket if boss in
iluences do r.ot prevail in the nominating
convention.
Resolved. That the committee hereby Insists
that a free and untrammeled ballot and an
faon«St coast raut-t be enforced at said primary
electlon; that all attempts to deviate from this
j rir.cij le should be discountenanced, and that
tbOM euilty of frauds or parties thereto should
be debarred from all conventions, and that if
it shall appear at any polling place that there
is or has been any fraud or wrong committed,
cr the rirht of any citizen to cast his free
luid ur.trainir.eled ballot and to have the same
hom-stly counted, has been In any way inter
., ,. , ,,-jui. *Jb« committee In charge shall set
tside ad declare null and void the election
at *aid polling place and report their action
to the different conventions, who shall take
action in such matter and decide which eet
of delegates Is entitled to a eeat la the con
vention.
The issue now rests with the returning
board. It is for the board to decide
whether fraud or right shall prevail. The
offlcial call for the election, promulgated
by the County Committee, contains this
declaration:
Rests With .Returning Board.
<T T must be obvious now to every fair
minded citizen that the Republican
County Committee acted wisely in ap
i> pointing- a returning board of repu
table men to canvass the Primary
election returns. If the board were not in
position and clothed with authority to
protect the right of the people, the Re
publican Convention to nominate Superior
Judges. Justices of the Peace and mem
bers of the Legislature might be assem-
Ued at the Mint saloon, and the places
en the ticket auctioned off to the highest
The number of legitimate votes polled
at the primary election yesterday was
not large The whole number of ballots
cast did not exceed 9000. In the polling
jiiaces where the bosses had the majority
of election officers there was no pretense
of fairness. Fraud was openly practiced
and applauded by the stutters. Demo-,
crats voted often and occasionally voted
two ballots at a whack. Rounders and
non-resident loafers from the tenderloin
precincts obtained from the printed regis
ters the names of reputable residents, and
¦with the connivance and assistance of
election officers voted such names. Hun
dreds of affidavits setting fortli the names
of the persons who voted fraudulently
can be presented to the returning board.
Corroborative testimony can be produced
l>y reputable merchants whose names
were voted to prove that they did not go
i.ear the polls.
RESULT OF PRIMARY ELECTION.
Where Stuffing: Was Resisted the Des=
perate Henchmen of flint Saloon
Bossism Smashed the Ballot Boxes
and Scattered the Contents.
Disgraceful Scenes at -the Polls—Repeat
ing, Staffing aed Fraudulent Voting 1
of Every Description Encouraged,
OPPOSITION TO KELLY AND CRIMMINS CAN EASILY
ORGANIZE AND DIRECT THE MUNICIPAL CONVENTION
FRAUD FAILS TO SLAVE THE BOSSES
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, AUGUST 25, 1900.
KELLY AND CRIMMINS' HEELERS ENJOY A DAY AT THE POLLS.
3
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Exereise and Realm.
Exercise is a splendid thing for a
healthy person. But when the body is
weakened by disease, exercise strains
rather than strengthens. Exercise will
not cure a " weak" stomach. It may in-
crease the appetite, but it won't cure
i i dyspepsia, and an
»?£kS~ j^ 8 increased appetite is
{l^v^ S^rtfl f corse not a bless-
/VkA "^^vti^VV:! in S to tb e sufferer
V/?M^"3cr^V?o^^ f rom dyspepsia.
\ rr.-^l-s^'.^-'v^vS Take exercise by
\ \i" :^M"^'-^f aH means but also
"^ l'''' : <»'.\> ! V, 1 !!jf!j titf> TV Piori>*'a
j\ nHAfi^ii'^a Golden Medical Dis-
r^iSr^Sik.^'-"^! cover >* there is a
,;*. &Bf*>«^-*V;S deranged or diseased
— fc- «S condition of the
: ''~l fsST'* jP"«*"(i ston^ch and other
SLsiwfr'l JB« or K ans of digestion
f£p$p*'kjj and nutrition. This
''JgVyi '^\W |M medicine is not a
£i<flji» I '".VJ I \ cure-all but a specific
11 •JJ / L *° r diseases of the
I V *jr / • stomach and diges-
/"-.^ f*A\ I ve an d nntritivc
r Y^^\ 7 system. Itstrength-
I / V -^A/ ens the stomach,
/ / rfSSSHf purifies the blood,
/>/ jSHvu&SL and increases physi-
There is no alco-
J»g?*W!!&^$M k°* contained in
" Golden Medical
mfslFitSBiWWfln scover y " an d it is
MgfemPjPPjmi absolutely free from
-feBj£J5ft*ffiffagg opinm, cocaine and
every other narcotic.
It is strictly a temperance medicine.
"I wish to say that Dr. Pierce's Golden Med-
ical Discovery has proved a great blessing: to
me." writes Mrs. Elfen E. Bacon, of Sbutesbury,
Franklin County, Mass. "Prior to September.
1S97, 1 had doctored for my stomach trouble for
several years, grointj through a course of treat-
ment without any real benefit. In September.
1S96. I had very sick spells and ptw worse ;
could eat bttt little. I commenced in September.
1897, to take Dr. Pierce's medicine, and in a
short.time I could eat and work. I have gained
twenty pounds in two months."
Dr. Pierce's Pleasant Pellets are a cure
for constipation.
Ipl ANY MAN
who
or Is Just beginning 1 to suffer from the weak-
ening effects of self-abuse or over-Indulgence
and has night emissions or lost power, can be
permanently cured by our wonderful and n«ver-
fallln? method. Write If you cannot call at
the office. Delay Is always dangerous. Our
new system of treatment by mall ta aomethlns
wonderful. Write for curious and Interesting
book and circular. Sent In plain sealed pack-
asto free. Xothins ever sent C. O. D. unless
particularly ordered. Address DK. COOPEIt
& CO.. 31$ Kcarny st. S. F.For the first time in several wreeks the
Frisco ball-tossers have suffered a re
pulse, and the local fans are still talking
of that terrible inning In which the Dudes
swatted Iburg. the idol, all over the lot.
The impression made upon the spectators
was that Iburg was slugged unmercifully
and that the Frlscos went to pieces. The
tabulated score also indicates that such
was the case, but the fact is that Hank's
men also encounteredr a bunch of hard
luck crowded into the single inning..
This week the Friscos begin a new
series with Sacramento on the home
grounds of tho champions, and the fans
will, no doubt see some very good ball.
It is a feature of this season's games, the
mix-up between San Francisco and Sac
ramento. Whenever, the champions and.
the local contingent clash, the crowd la
out, hooting and cheering. Although San
Francisco jumped from the tail end posi
tion to second place, it seems that a set
back is always thrust at them when least
expected. The champions are running a
strong leader pace, but the percentage
separation is growing less and less.
The standing of the teams is:
Trailing Dudes Will Cross Bats
With Stockton This
Week,
THORNS APPEAR IN
HANK'S ROSY ROAD
OF MANY VICTORIES
Every effort is to be made to push
through with the poolselling cases In the
police courts. Yesterday Judge Cabaniss
set the case of. Daniel Crowley for trial
by - Jury next Tuesday morning at 11
o'clock, and ordered a venire for seventy
flve talesmen to be Issued,
Poolsellers in Court.
B. Meyers and E. Levene v*. M. Levy and S.
Wurkhelm: P.Basch and Martin Levy v». M
Berwln and C. Basch; J. Condon and T. Koley
vs. A. McVleker and T. Leach:, O. McDonaM
and N. Polidorl vs. M. McXeil and U. Kscolle;
G. B. Hayward and P. Ryan v». W. Fisher and
W. H. Sleberst; E. Barry antl D. R?gan vs.
J. Kirby and J. Foley; J. Rlordan and K.
Curley vs. JR. Murphy and J. Colllna; D. Con
nelly and TV*. Williams vs. J. Lawless and W.
Magulre; A. Hampton and J. White v». R.
Llnehan an.l M. J. Kllcallon.
The entries for Sunday's handball
games at Phil Ryan's court. S38 Howard
street, are:
Handball Games*
Races for Pigeons*
The member* of the California Pigeon
and Homing Society /are busy training
for the southern series of races to be/held
rf follows: From San Jose, fifty miles,
September 9: Tres' Pinos. 100 miles, Sep
tember 23; San Kucas, 150 miles. October
7. A cup and five other valuable prizes
are offered. This is to be for old and
ycung birds.
After the series there will be a turkey
rac# for Thanksgiving day and some rec
ord flying frora Saata Barbara,
Many Days for Dogs*
Entries will close for the Sacramento
bench show to-day, and entries mailed to
day must bear the postmark showing the
fact. The entries already made are large
ly in excess of the number anticipated,
and the total will not fall far. short of the
San Francisco show in May last. It is,
In fact, highly probable that the number
will rJ»ach over 400 dogs, in which case
the rating of the winners' classes toward
a championship will be five points. Ex
hibitors should remember that arrange
ments have been made whereby, the dogs
can be shipped by steamer to and from
Sacramento free of charge. Particulars
of these arrangements will be found In
the premium lists. Premium lists can be
obtained at the office of the San Francis
co and San Mateo Agricultural Associa
tion, parlor A, Palace Hotel.
One of the beFt judges in the country
has been engaged regardless of expense,
and the dogs will be Judged fairly and
weJl. •
rrhe appeal of Alec Colvin against the
ruling of the bench show committee
awarding the Field Trials Association's
cup to the reserve dog owned by J. W.
Flinn in the field trials class at the May
show of the San Francisco Kennel Club,
was decided by the Pacific Coast special
committee of the American Kennel Club
nn Friday last in favor of , Mr. Colvin,
whose pointer, Lady C, was* awarded the
cup. The decision of Judge Mortimer was
Trap Shooting Events
Three trap-shooting events are on the
card for August 26. The Empire Gun Club
will , hold a practice shoot at ' Alameda
Point. At the Ingleside traps the Olympic
Gun Club members will break bluerocks
and the San Francisco Gun Club will have,
several live-bird events.
The big event of the future is the Cali
fornia Inanimate Target Association meet
and the bluerock smashers are now pre
paring for the annual affair.
Anglers Are Returning
The anglers are retiming to the city af
ter their lone vacations and from this
time on fishing excursions will be for a
day or two at most.
The Truckee River is losing its crowd
of whippers very fast. In certain sections
the fishing is still rood, but the general
report p are not as bright as those of a
few weeks ago.
Harry Golchor tried Verdi early In the
week with indifferent lurk. l^e found
fpoon fishing good, but fly fishing very
poor. Dave Sax:hs and Jim Turner were
on the fame ground and they give the
Mime verdict.
A cloudburst near Boca last Sunday left
the river muddy and this played havoc
¦with the fishermen.
Mr. Blackburn left for Boca Thursday
night for a few days.
Colonel Kc-liehor will tfy Eel River next
week. This will be the favorite Ftream
for the ensuing four weeks.
J. B. Kennilt and C. R. Kenniff tried
San Antonio. Schultz and Petaluma
creeks, but met with no great luck. Since
their return the bass have been running
hotter in these plough*. In Midshipman's
Slough a No.i4 Wilson's spinner proved a
good allurement.
George H. Powers has returned from
lioca with tales of marvelous catches. He
struck a. live pool.
Four of the six series of matches be
tween the Alameda, Pacific and Califor
nia cricket clubs have now been played
and the Alamedas have obtained a sub
stantial lead, the Pacifies second and last
year's pennant winners last.
All through the season the Californlas
have depended almost entirely on the ef
forts of Arthur Dickenson, E. G. Sloman,
W. H. Howard and W. Reynolds, but
chiefly on the first two. When these for
any reason failed to "come off" the whole
side has collapsed and fallen an easy vic
tim to its opponents. Two more series' of
matches— one in September and the other
in October— remain to be played; but it is
hardly likely, that the relative positions
of the clubs will be changed.
To-morrow being an open date on the
schedule of the California Cricket Asso
ciation, efforts were made to get up a
match between Young America and Great
Britain and her colonies, but were not
successful. The older players, after tak
ing part in three matches during the
month, are not sorry to have a respite on
the fourth Sunday. •
Preparations for the visit to T.ake Coun
ty are going on apace, and there is every
likelihood that the three local clubs will
send a strong team to play against the
cricketers of Burns Valley and LakepOrt.
John Myers of the Pacifies will take his
vacation in Lake County and will Join
the team there. ..
As it is the policy of the Commissioners
of Golden Gate Park to render the park
as attractive as possible to the people and
to offer facilities for sports of all kinds,
It is not unlikely that arrangements may
be made, to play the matches against the
Santa Cruz Country Club there. Many
hundreds of San Francisco residents had
never seen a game of polo until the Bur
llnpame men played in the park, and the
same may be said of cricket. In the park
cricket can be played on real green turf,
as it should -be played, and not on con
crete and matting, as it is necessary to
do at Alameda. Though there is no great
likelihood that the San Francisco youth
would abandon baseball for cricket, many
of the elders . at any rate would be -glad
to see cricket played in a spot convenient
of access and of picturesque surroundings.
On the Cricket Field.
The agreement which resulted In an al
ternate operation by the two associations
was voluntarily and \ deliberately broken
by Union Park. . It was not a contract
agreement, so the - moving factor in the
rupture : acted ' without consulting or ; in
forming the other party. ¦.
The Futurity stake, which will be run
during the Admission . day celebration,
promises to be the largest and most In
teresting stake of its kind : ever held in
America. This will be the next big cours
ing card, and the eyes of the leashmen are
all directed toward it.
' This week's stake at, Union Park Is ex
ceptional ' from . the ¦ point of quality. The
card last Saturday and Sunday drew a
heavy crowd- on account of the tine dogs
The result of It all will be more- cours
ing. The Ingleside association will surely
operate the San Mateo park. What the
opening date will be has not yet been de
cided upon, but it will certainly be not far
off. As" the Union Park people now op
erate on Wednesday in a midweek reserve
stake they will continue that plan. The
Ingleside association will in all probability
establish a midweek event, to be run on
Thursdays. This places the game back on
Us old basis— two midweek stakes, one at
each park, and Saturday and Sunday
stakes at both parks.
The Union Park association declares
that it has adopted the recently deter
mined line of action on the behests of the
dog owners. They claim that the expense
of training, keeping and all the other out
lays incident to the establishment of ken
nels are so great that continuous coursing
Is necessary. That the sport has devel
oped here in a remarkable manner there
can be no doubt. On the score of the sup
ply of dogs there will be no difficulty ex
perienced by either park, for there Is a
greater number than Is needed to go
round. - , ¦¦-¦• - * ,. ¦ . ¦ " ,.
The split between the two coursing as
sociations, Union and Ingleside , is the sub
ject of gossip among the coursing men.
For several weeks the rppture was im
minent, all those who were on the Inside
expecting It to happen at any moment.
There Is Every Probability of Six
Distinct Stakes During the
AGREEMENT BETWEEN
COURSING PARKS IS
THING OF THE PAST
The baseball fever has hit the Custom
house with a bang. The brokers and their
clerks have formed two teams and will
cross bats to-day at the Presidio Athletic
Grounds, when the "N'cver-was-ers" will
play the "Never-will-bes." Game will be
called at 2:30 o'clock; admission free. The
teams are made up as follows: "Never
was-ers"— George Shepson (captain). E.
Campodonico, T. B. Hillard, R. Pray, A.
Hawksley, J. Dougherty. :E. Bruntsch, M.
Deardorf, L. Oaborn, II. Thomas, J. M.
Mattoon. "Never-will-bes"— Pascal Maus
eang (captain), P. W. Bellingall. E. J.
Dougherty, J. Campbell. F. Cerlnl. G.
Stack, George Boden, F. Berlman. Pete
Kelly, O. Sciaroni, G. Mueller. Scorers—
G. H. Probasco and G. W. Reed/ Umpires
—Joseph S. Spear Jr. and J. S. Mattoon.
The committee in charge is as follows:
J. S. Spear Jr.. Stanley Jackson, >T. S.
Farley, E. W. Maslin, Chauncey M. St.
John, W. B. Hamilton and Charles II.
Blum.
The Dudes and Stocktons will entertain
at Recreation Park this week. The Dudes
feel that they have taken a new lease of
life since Lange returned to the fold and
Swindells put on the big mlt. But this
week Swindells may not be in the game,
for he has been on the sick list. If he is
unable to play "Midget" Mangerlna will
be at the receiving end of the battery.
The Stocktons have lost their catcher,
the erratic Pace having jumped his con.
tract to join the team which Swindells
left In disgust. Captain Harper says he
is not worried over the defection of Pace,
who was a disturbing element In the
Stockton team.
The line-up for to-day is as follows:
Stockton. Positions, Oakland.
Eager Catcher Swindells
Whalen '....... Pitcher Borchers
or Harper or Moskiman
Strelb First base....,...Hutchinson
Courtney Second base ....... . Arretlanes
Moore Third base Lange
Babbitt Shortstop Francks
McCarthy Left field Bowman
McGucken Center field Drennan
Pyne Right field ....". Held
entered. The same performance will prob
ably be duplicated. Coursing will begin
both Saturday and Sunday upon the ar
rival of the 10:15 a. m. trains.
The following registrations were recent
ly made: S. Growner, Uncle Ned. by Chit
Chat out of Carlotta: J. H. Berkenkoph,
Rocklin Girl, by St. Lawrence out of
Elco: W. H. Shear. Defiance, by Captain
Morse out of Lily Wand: Alarue.by Moon
dyne II out of Nellie Conroy: James Car
roll. Master Claire, by St. Claire out of
Russell's Nancy.
Bartels Brothers' imported Winning
Style whelped a litter to imported Hughie
Ju'lv 23; W. J. Whallon's Cora Z to King
craft. July 20: Whiteside & Stillwell's
Wildflower to Firm Friend. July 30: A. J.
Kemp's Remember Me toHotstuff, July 26.
been opened, the breeds recognized /being:
Bloodhounds, mastiffs, rough and smooth
coated St. Bernards, Newfoundlands, Rus
sian wolfhounds, deerhounds, greyhounds,
English foxhounds, American foxhounds,
pointers, English setters. Irish setters.
Gordon setters, a field trial class open to
dogs only that have. been first, second or
third in some recognized field trial, Irish
water spaniels, field spaniels, cocker span
iels. Dalmatians, collies, poodles, bulldogs,
bull terriers, French bulldogs, Boston ter
riers, Dachshunde, smooth-coated and
wire-hatred fox terriers, .Irish terriers,
black and tan terriers. Skye '..terriers.
Scotch terriers, Bedlington terriers, pugs,
spitz, Yorkshire terriers, toy terriers,
King Charles spaniels, Blenheim spaniels,
Japanese spaniels. Italian greyhounds,
chows. Esquimaux and miscellaneous.
One of the most attractive features of
the show will be a fox hunt, in which all
the fox hounds entered will perform in a
chase after the nimble aniseed bag. This
will be repeated at intervals during- the
show. . . . ..' ~ -, ¦
sustained, and it was decided that inasu
much as the premium list had not laid
down anv restriction as to the eligibility
of the dogs entered the dog winning the
trophy had complied with all the neces
sary conditions, having competed in a
recognized field trial.
The premium list of the San Francisco
and SanvMateo Agricultural Association
for the Inaugural bench show at Tanforan
Park has been issued. The dog show part
of the fair opens on September 26 and
closes on the 21'th. Entries close Septem
ber 10, at 10 p. m., at parlor A. Palace
Hotel. II.. D. Laidlaw, well known in
connection with the San Francisco Ken
nel Club, is the clerk and superintendent
of the dog show, and H. W. Lacy of Bos
ton v.'ill judge all classes. The bench show
committee consists of J. P. • Norman
(chairman), J. Downey Harvey. J. B.
Martin. Phil M. Wand. R. H. Rountree
and Philip C. Meyer Csecretary). Dr. F.
W. Skaife. D. V. S., and Dr. K. O. Steers,
D. V. S., will p.ct as veterinary officers.
The association offers prizes ranging
from $5 to $20 for the handlers exhibiting
the largest number of dogs. The show is
held under the rules of the American Ken
nel Club, and is guaranteed a rating in
the winners' class of one point toward
championship. This Is subject to release,
and if. as is most likely, the entries ex
ceed 250 the championship points will be
three: should the entries exceed 4C0 the
points allowed will be five, the same as
San Francisco.
Two hundred and forty-six classes have
TOMMY RYAN, MOLDER OF CHAMPION FIGHTERS.
Mrs. Tt. G. Brown of the San Rafael
Golf Club has been playing in excellent
form lately. Not only did she win the
Scott Cup for ladles In the recent tourna
ment at Del Monte, but her team of six
ladies proved victorious In the series of
three matches which were recently con
cluded on the San Rafael links. Her team
included three winners. In the men's
team matches George Heazelton"9 team
of eleven won the series with seven win
ners. Eacji member of the winning
teams received a trophy, a pewter cup
or rau? suitably Inscribed.
There will be a great deal of golf at
San Rafael during the first two weeks
of September. The qualifying rounds for
the Council's Cup for men and for the
Ladies' Cup will be played on Septem
ber 3, prizes being offered for the best
gross and the best net score. The eight
lowest scores among the men and the
women will In each case enter the com
petition for the cups. The first round of
the cud contest will be played on the.
afternoon of Saturday, September 8, the
seml-flnal round on September 9 and
the final round on the following day.
Next year the management of th»
Hotel del Monte will have the services of
a committee consisting of one member
from each golf club around San Fran
cisco, to which any question arising out
of the golf tournament may be referred.
This year golf matters had to be referred
to the general committee in charge of
the carnival, which was made up of lov
ers of polo and horse racing. Both E. R.
Folger of the Oakland Golf Club and E.
J McCutchen of the San Francisco and
Saji Rafael clubs' were playing very
strongly at Del Monte. The former
would probably have given John Law
son a close game had they met. The lat
ter stands an excellent chance of winning
the Council's Cur» at San Rafael next
month. As K. J. McCutchen has already
won the trophy twice, it will become his
permanent possession if he succeeds in
winning it a third time.- Consequently
an unusual degree of Interest "attaches
to this competition for the trophy.
The eight who qualified In the recent
contest for the championship of the
Santa Monica Golf Club were the follow
ing: F. H. Edwards. Winsor Walton.
K D Oshorn. N. F. Wilshire. S. C.
Lines. T. I- Craig. R. H. Hay-Chapman
and G. E. Nolan. R. D. Osborn won after
a close contest from N. F. Wilshire in
the final round.. Miss Beatty won the
ladies' handicap. Miss Carter being sec
ond. Mrs. Beatty gave a tea during the
tournament.
W. S. Derby of the Santiago Golf Club
of Santa Ana having retired from the
••challenge class" on account of an East
ern trip, each member below him has
I been moved up one place and Number 10
is open. H. F. Gardner Is now in charge
of the links, and under his directions
Willie Arnlm. the greenkeoper. is much
Improving the course. Some changes
have been made in the local rules, and
the bogey has been raised from thirty
nine to forty-four. A. H. Bibber recent- V
ly won fourth place In the "challenge A
class" by beating James Fullmon. III!*,
has now wen five challenge games.
The sweepstakes of the Los Angeles
Country Club on August IS were w.on by
Frederick Stevenson with a net score of
80. C. A. Henderson being second with,
a net score of 81.
Golfers in Tournament
All the clubs are making active prepara
tions for the cycling event? to be held
September s In conjunction with the Na
tive Sons' celebration.
There will be a twenty-five-mile match
race, tandem paced, between J. E. Wing,
Garden City Whc-elmen, and H. D. Bean.
Bay City Wheelmen, to-morrow at Cen
terville. The Garden Citys have a run
called to witness the event, and a largo
crowd of Bay City sports will go down
also. Wing is an oldtlmer at racing, while
Bean Is young and strong and has the
speed. It will be a good contest.
The annual Salazar run of the Bay
Citys will he held Sunday, September 2.
to Mission San Jose. This is always the
banner run of the year for this club.
; The twenty-five mile relay race between
teams from San Mateo and Redwood City
to be held to-morrow is creating consid
erable interest In these two cities and the
surrounding country. The race starts at
2 p. m. from in front of the Millbrae Ho
tel. Millbrae. The finish is one mile south
of Old Mountain View.
The teams are coiTipoFed of the follow
ing riders: Redwood City Wheelmen— A.
B. Johns»on. R. S. Teisclmer, T. lianser.,
G^rec Allen. J. S. K«?!se. San Mateo
Wheelmen— Kd FoFter, Sam Goodhue.
Frank Rodolph, Fred Brown, Walter de
Mara. Herbert Victor Ready is tne man
ager of the San Mateo team and H. E.
GrimmenFtein for "the Redwoods.
The 25-Mile Relay.
The ladies' singles tennis tournament
which began yesterday at San Rafael is
attracting attention all over the State.
The Alameda Club Is represented by four
players: Mrs. G. F. Klncaid, Miss May
Branhall, Mrs. M. S. Haslett and Emma
Hunter. From the California Club Miss
Alice Hoffman, Miss Miriam Hall, Miss
Edith Chesebrougrh and Miss Laura Den
son will try their luck. Mrs. C. A. El-
Eton, champion of Honolulu, will also
enter. Miss Violet Sutton will not de
fend her title as champion this year.
In the semi-finals of the Santa Monica
tournament Percy Murdock of Alameda
defeated Reuben Hunt after a hard con
test 6-4. 4-6, 6-3. In tbe finals A. Bell of
Los Ang-eles defeated Murdock 6-4. 6-3,
C-2. Hunt and Murdock won the cham
pionship In doubles of Southern Cali
fornia by beating A. Bell and Way In the
linals 7-9. 6-3. 6-2. 6-2. The winners re
ceived two large silver challenge cups
and carving sets silver mounted for
prizes.
Many matches were played on the
courts of the California Club during the
week, several of which were in the con
tinuous tournament. The following are
the scores: Merle Johnson (challenger)
defeated Drummond McGavin 6-4. 6-3.
Percy Kahn (challenger) defeated Frank
King 7-5, 6-0. In this match Kahn's
heaw drives were too much for King. H.
\Y. Crowell surprised everybody by beat
ing Grant Smith (challenger) 6-4, 9-7.
The match was close and hotly contested.
Drummond McGavin beat Ray Cornell
(challenger) 6-3, 12-10, C-3.
George Whitney and W. B. Collier Jr.
played a tie with Robert Whitney and
Joe Daily 6-4, 3-6. George Whitney beat
Collier 6-4. Collier beat Robert Whitney
6-3. Grant Smith and George Whitney
defeated Werner Stauf and Robert Whit
ney 6-4, 4-6, 6-4. Percy Kahn beat
Spangler 6-3, 6-3, 6-3. Grant Smith had
an interesting match with Walter Mc-
Gavin and won two sets out of three 6-3.
6-2, 3-6. Walter McGavin vs. Stauf was
a match of heavyweights and McGavin
won 7-5, C-0. In doubles W. Stauf and
Drummond McGavin beat Professor Dally
and Ray Cornell 4-6. 6-3. 6-2. R. Erskine
b*-at Dodge 6-2, 6-2, 6-1. J. D. Beuret and
Dr. Lone, played a tie match 6-3. 3-8. 6-3.
3-r.. Mrs. J. S. Wallace played several
sets with Norman Spangler. Mrs. Kin
caid of Alameda visited the grounds dur
ing the week and played several practice
matches with Professor Daily. She has
developed the Eastern reverse service
and it will puzzle her opponents at San
Rafael.
The male members of the California
Club are now hunting for partners for
the championship doubles in September
at Del Monte. Several teams have been
formed, among them George Whitney
with H Werlie. and W. B. Collier Jr.
with Drjummond McGavin.
In the freshman class at the Lniversity
of California this year are several first
class tennis players. Fred Brown of the
Alameda Club. Drebert of pakland,
Wight of Alameda and Drummond Mc-
Gavin of the California Club. Sumner
Hardy having graduated, his place will
be hard to fill at present, but a little time
will develop several rising champions in
Berkeley.
Tournament at San Rafaei Is In
Progress— Men Preparing
for Doubles.
LADIES ARE HAVING
THEIR INNINGS ON
THE TENNIS COURTS
The clambake, which has now become
a regular annual event at the Corinthian
Yacht Club fcouse at Tiburon, will take
place to-morrow and will be attended by
an unusually large number of yachts
men. Commodore W. N. McCarthy and
a delegation of disconsolate members of
the San Francisco Yacht Club will b«
present for the purpose of officially turn-
Ing over the Perpetual Challenge cup to
the winners. As tbe trophy is deposited
out of eight ur.tll it is claimed by some
other club. It has been thought well ta
present some memorial of the victory to
the owners of the winning yacht. A neat
rectangular f.ag has been prepared, hav
ir.g The burgees of the San Francisco and
Corinthian Yacht Clubs point to point on
a white field, the vacant white spaces
having the letters "C. C. 1!W . inscribed
en them in blue. The clambake will be
enlivened by the presence of the Letter
Carriers' Band.
An interesting race will take place to
morrow between the sloops Thelma, Pac
tolus, Embla ar.d Jessie E of the Cali
fornia Yacht Club over the Wallace Tro
phy course. The Thelma is the chal
lenger, and the crews of the yachts which
take third and fourth places in the races
will provide a French dinner for all con
cerned. The yachts will carry working
sails only ar.d the start will be at the
f.re of a single gun. As it is an ebb tide
race, the time occupied should be about
three hours. '¦ ' "^ '
The trophy committee of the Pacific In
terclub Yacht Association met last Tues
day and selected thirteen cups to be
awarded in the seven classes, from Si
footers to 29-footers. at the annual regatta
talcing place September 11. Two cups will
be awarded in each of the seven classes,
the first prize in the 30-foot class being
the fifth Macdonough cup. The cups are
of silver and are now on exhibition in
the windows of a downtown jewelry
store. The committee also selected a de
sign for the Macdonoush cup of 19jO. The
cup will be 17 inches high, made of ham
mered silver, standing on an ebony base
in inches in height. The cup will have
two handles and round the base will be
the flaps of the five yacht clubs, enameled
in colors on silver. As a $2oO cup seems an
unnecessarily valuable trophy to offer in
a single race, it is probable that Mr. Mac
donough will give the next series of cups
on different conditions. Probably two
prizes at least will be given in future. Of
the four Macdonough cups already award
ed Westerfeld and Morrow's sleep Aeolus
has won three and many of the yacht
owr.ers feel that she ought to withdraw
(mm the coming race.
Last Saturday the sloops Edna, Emma,
Truant axid Cupid and the yawl Arcturus
of the Corinthian Yacht Club cruised over
to Goat Island, where they anchored for
the night in a heavy Fwell. Next morn
ing, by favor of Captain Glass, the
yachtsmen visited the 1'ensaoola :;i:d also
the Government training school. At about
11 o'clock the Edna ar.o. Emma sailed out
toward the Heads, the other yachts
going: up the bay. Between Points Lobos
and Bonita the yachtsmen saw four
whales, all evidently in pursuit of a. school
of fish. Once out in the open ocean the
water was smooth and the sailing de
lightful. In the bay the wind was un
usually strong and squally.
The Corinthians will take advantage cf
The Labor day holidays to make a trip
to Lakeville on the Petaluma Creek,
about halfway between the drawbridge
and Petaluma- The yachts will cruise up
to the drawbridge on Saturday, Septem
ber 1, and will anchor near it for the
Light. Next morr.ing they will sail on up
to Lakeville. ¦where the yachtsmen will
receive visits from their Petaluma -friends.
At about 10 o'clock on Monday morning
They will start for home on a good high
tide.
Four California Club Sloops
to Race for a Big.
Dinner.
CORINTHIANS WILL
GET THE CUP BACK
AT THE CLAMBAKE
The regatta committee of the seml-cen
tennlal celebration of the Native Sons of
the Golden "West has decided to award
medals in all the races except the single*,
the winners In which may select medals
or cups. The Pacific Association will ap
point the officials for the regatta, but will
accept the names suggested by the Na
tive Sons* committee wherever they am
those of competent men. It !s probable
that J. H. Sullivan will b«» referep and T.
I. Fltzpatrick starter. First and second
prizes will be offered In all events except
in the Junior barge races, in which so
many entries are expected that three
prizes will be presented. The prizes in tha
senior shell and skiff races will be of the
full value permitted by the Amateur Ath
letic Union — thirty-five dollars. "Designa
for the medals will be submitted by vari
ous Jewelers, the national flasr and the»
bear flag to form the basis of thp design
The regatta committee of the Pacific As
sociation will confer with the regatta
committee of the Native Sons next
Wednesday nisrht at th*» Palace Hotel.
Though the South End Rowing Club went
no representative to the Astoria, carnival
it has three barge crews — a senior, an In
termediate and a junior— practicing for
the championship regatta. Unfortunately
the crews are without the coaching of
Captain "William Thomas, who ia critically
ill. Dr. C. C. T>eTinis hopes that half a
dozen cutter crews of the naval militia
from Santa Cruz, Eureka. San Dipgo. etc..
will take part In the semi-centennial cele
bration.
The Ariel Rowing Club is showing much
interest in the approaching regatta, four
or five barge crews and half a dozen sin
gle scullers being out last Sunday. The
junior barge crew took its last spin on
Sunday before going to Astoria, and im
pressed those who saw its work with the
idea that it has a chance to beat the Ala
meda seniors. E. C. Stenberg is practi
cing in the shell, and Flcken. Geddes and
Lynch wish to compete in the junior skiff
race on championship day. There will be
a try-out to determine who shall repre
sent the club. The hop*? of the scullers 13
that the water will be rough so as to put
the light new skiff of the Alamedas at a
disadvantage. In smooth water it is be
lieved that she will prove a heavy handi
cap in favor of the Oakland Creek oars
men.
The Dolphin, Olympic and Ariel crewa
also went to the northern regatta. Tha
Alamedas took up with them the new out
rigged skiff, built by Al Rogers. She con
forms to the definition of the regatta com
mittee of tho Pacific Association, but is
about half the weight of the skiffs gen
erally in use. She weighs about 40 pounds
and will be ballasted with lead to frivo
her stability. In *o light a boat the Ala
meda single scullers. If they can sit her
properly, ought to walk away with tha
outrigged skiff events at the champion
ship regatta on September 9.
Dr. F. R. Axton and Stanley Adderley
of the Dolphin Club have purchased a
shell and have tried it once or twice. Vic
tor Caglieri of the Olympic Boat Club is
training for the junior outrigged skiff
event from the Triton Club house. C. L.
Ochs of the Pioneers has repaired hi.-*
shell and may enter the senior shell ract>.
The Pioneer Rowing Club has procured a
set of new barge oars from the East ami
Is having all its boats put Into thorough
order by Twigg. Both crews, senior and
Junior, are training regularly. George £ol
lopy having taken Noel's place at bow of
the senior crew.
The Alameda senior barge crew, though
it stil\bears the name of "The Spiders."
contains only one man, F. W. Ayers, of
the original four. As it is now made up
George Lewis is bow, Chester L. Ayres
number 2, David Greenleaf number 3 and
F. "W. Ayers stroke. George Lewis and
C. Ayers have recently taken their placpi
in the boat, but they have long been ac
customed to rowing and are both strong
men. The Alameda Club men are gen
erally of th» opinion that the crew is as
strong as ever. When they left for As
toria on Tuesday they were in excellent
condition and will almost certainly beat
all the crews that went with them from
this city.
Alameda Scullers Have a
' New and Astonishingly
Light Skiff.
OARSMEN PREPARE
FOR CHAMPIONSHIP
RACES NEXT MONTH
lessons were taught by Ryan. "He was an
apt pupil," said the latter at h\s training
quarters in the early part of the week. "1
worked with him, showing him how to do
FOR many years has Tommy Ryan,
now in this city training for his
fight with Jack Moffatt, held the
stage as the cleverest welter or
middle weight In harness. It Is now
twelve years since his initial public fistic
performance brought him into the ring
business. As a boxer he is accredited the
cleverest of them all, save perhaps Jim
Corbett, whose skill is a byword to ring
patrons and the mixers Inside the ropes.
But Tommy Ryan has blossomed into an
other kind of fistic wonder. Though a
fighter yet, he Is to-day the greatest ex
ponent of fisticuffs in America. He is a
maker of champions. •
Skillful, clever, shifty, fast-moving Kid
McCoy is a development along lines laid
down by Ryan. McCoy's first and last
all the little tricks he has at his com
mand. McCoy was a hard worker, too.
Every minute of the day he was at it,
practicing first one thing and then an
other. He liked the business and stayed
with It."
But McCoy's lesson Is an old story.
Ryan's biggest success has been with the
biggest man of all sluggerdom, James
Jeffries. TheVe was no doubt in the world
that Jeffries before the Fitzsimmons fight
he says, will be his fighting 1 weight when
he enters the ring against Moffatt on Sep
tember 12. He is as fast as ever he was,
showing that remarkable footwork In side
stepping, advancing to or retreating from
his opponent^ With his arms he is like
lightning streaks. His best work Is with
the bag, which when he punches It beats
a tattoo like the roll of a drum.
Training with Ryan is Jack Jeffries,
brother of the famous champion. He, Is
also a heavy-weight, but several sizes
smaller than Jim. He is heavily muscled,
strong and powerfully framed. His ca
reer In the ring has just begun. Ryan is
drilling fist and foot work Into him morn
ing and afternon. "He'll be on top some
day," Ryan says. "You can see the im
provement every hour."
was a fit subject for a race with the pro
verbial ice wagon. He swung his left at
his opponent very much as if his first duty
were to send telegraphic messages of his
intent. His style was reflexive of his
physique— heavy, lumbering and massive.
When the "champ of all the champs" met
the "champ" that was he acted like a dif
ferent man. His ring attitude was
changed. He was shiftier and cleverer,
knowing something about boxing and
sidestepping. This 'is what he learned
from Ryan, who took him in hand, teach
ing rudimentary and advanced lessons in
the manly art. That is why Tommy Ryan
Is called the molder of champions.
Ryan at present is in fine physical con
dition. He is lighter than he has been for
several years, weighing 146 pounds, which.
BASEBALL
TENNIS.
GOLF.
COURSING.
SPORTS OF THE DAY
YACHTING,
FISHING.
ROWING.
BICYCLING.
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, SATURDAY," AUGUST 25, 1900.
4
, C C Ci *^
.hp -p _e »
|3 &3 -3 3
I I f" I
! • • i
Sacramento —. 31 I 20 51
San Francisco 2S I 26 51
Stockton 24 127 51
Oakland 21 ) 31 62
.607
.513
.471
¦ 403
, C C Ci *^
.hp -p _e »
|3 &3 -3 3
I I f" I
! • • i
Sacramento —. 31 I 20 51
San Francisco 2S I 26 51
Stockton 24 127 51
Oakland 21 ) 31 62
.607
.513
.471
¦ 403ROBERT FITZSIMMONS. •
NEW YORK, Aug. 24. — I am glad I won far my fam
ily's sake. I have no plans for the future. After I
consult with my wife and advisors I will announce
my programme. If I had taken her advice I would never
have lost the championship. That was a great blow that
Sharkey gave me in the first round.
FITZSIMMONS HAS NO
PLANS FOR THE FUTURE
FORMER CHAMPION PUGILIST ROBERT FITZSIMMONS.
ARROW THE WINNER.
Captures the 2:17 Pacing EveiBt at
the Marysvllle Track.
In the 2:13 trot In :he second heat tho
driver of Cyclone failed to hear the word
to go and was distanced.
MARYSVILLE. Aug. 24.-Th!s was
Marysvllle day at Agricultural Park. All
the stores to the city closed at noon and
the citizens generally turned out to wit
ness the races. The attendance at the
track was large.
To-morrow closes the week's mpet'.r;^
with Sutter County day and a large at
tendance ia expected.
The condition of Jim .Brown, the jockey
who was crushed by Roy M. who fell
dead at the track yesterday, was some
what improved to-day, although tha
physicians say it Is yet too early to pro
nounce him out of danger. Summaries:
First race. 2:17 class, trotters, mllo beats,
bcrt 3 In 5, purse $000:
Arrow (H. Willis) I \ l
Sable Francis (J. Sullivan) 2 4 3
El Moro (C. E. Clark) 3 2 J .
Miss Barnab«e CW. O. Durfee) 4 3 4
Time— 2:19. 2:14. 2:15.
Second race. 2:18 class, trotting, mile beats.
best 2 != 5. curs« t^Z->-
Dan XV (3. It. Alberisoni. ............... ill
Dolador <R- Havey) 3 3 3
Charlie Me (W. G. Durfee) 4 2 3
Cyclone (C. Ualsh) » d
Time— 2:22%. 2:23. 2:23.
Third race, running, half-mile and repeat,
purse $100:
Ricardo 1 1
Iloyal Fan j 2
Durango 3 3
Jessie O 4 4
Iron Jacket
Time—:!?. :O.
Fourth race, running, one mile, purse tint)-—
Sea Spray won. Loconomo s*con!. March EWea
third. Time. 1:42. Koulette Wheel also ran.
Sharkey rushed to close quarters, uwlns-
Ing left and right without landing-. Fitz
simmons rushed, sending his right to the
body and left to the neck. Both swun?
wildly with rights and lefts. Fitzsimmona
stepped In with a right and left to head.
Sharkey was -wild, and Fltzsimmons sent
him to the floor aiter a. succession of
rights and lefts on the face. Sharkey took
the count and got up groggy and stag
gered back to the ropes. Fitzsimmona
went after him end hooked his left to tha
jaw. Then he sent a right and left to th>">
head and Sharkey w;is unable to protect
himself. Fitzs;mmor.3 sent a hard right
to the body and hooked his left to the
jaw. and as Sharkey wan staggering he*
again hooked his left to the Jaw. atwSxtB
Sharkey down the second time. Sharkey
struggled to regain his feet, but fell over
on his hands and face. He struggled
gamely, attetnptlrg tr> get up, but the
right on body and left on Jaw had done
their work and Sharkey was counted out
by the referee, who declared Fitzsimmons
the winner.
ROUND TWO.
Sharkey rushed and swuns his left for
the body, but Fitz?immons jumped out rt
reach. Sharkey rushed again, but Fltz
rlmraons jumped away. Sharkey ruaho-i
again, but Fitzsimmons iret him with a
right on the body. Sharkey mi?srel
a right swing. Fitzsimmons easily stop
ped out of reach. Sharkey swung hia teff;
but Fitzslmmons got away and thi* blow
landed on hiu back. Fitzslmmons tr'e.l
right and left for head, but Shnr!:ev
ducked and thon Firzsimmors landed !e*"t
hook on the nerk Sharkey swung wIMly
for the head, but Fitzsimmons ducked
and sent his riKht to Sharkey'a Jaw.
Sharkey clinched. Sharkey swung heavy
left for the heart but Fitzslmmons blocked
it. Sharkey rushed wildly, landing a i^ft
on the shoulder. Fitzsimmons then s?nt
left and rlKht to face. Sharke y rusherl
again, swinging his left on shoulder and
Fitzsimmons went down to the flocr,
Sharkey falling over him with hia rusi.
The bell ranjr with Fitzslmmons on the
floor and the referee rushed between
them.
ROUND O^rE.
NEW YORK, Aug. 24.— The fight by
rounds Is succinctly described as follows:
STORY OF THE
FIGHT BY ROUNDS
hope Fitz will be as well when he fights
me as he is to-night. It ought to make
an interesting contest.
calmly and with a great deal of conft
d€-nce. Now he get3 up and steps around
and tries the floor. Fitzslmmons remains
standing up and they have taken his
chair away. He don't seem to care for it.
Here he comes over to talk to me. He
says: "I got my whack before I went j
on." That shows that Fltz Is a wise man.
He Is a good financier as well as a great
fighter. Tom Sharkey remains sitting
down and Tom O'Rourke is sponging and i
rubbing him down with a towel and giv- j
ing him a lemon to suck. Sharkey is
bothered a little with- a cold In the r*ad.
Here comes Charley White into the ring.
He Is referee. Fitz and Sharkey go to
the center and shake hands at 11:12.
Sliarkey's Momentary Triumph. .
Round 1— Sharkey dushed at Fitz with a !
left hook in chest and caught him. sending j
the old man back against the ropes.
Sharkey is doing the rushing. He seems J
rather heavy on his feet, l'ltz is feeling
him out quietly and Sharkey dashes in
again with a right for the ribs, but misses
by a foot as Fitz breaks ground. Fitz Is
taking his time with him. Sharkey dashes
in. Fitz swings for the neck, but misses,
as Sharkey ducks. Sharkey rushes in
again and Fitz catchf3 him with a left
hcok on the right eye. Sharkey comes
back at him, swinging both hands for the
head and catches Fitz on the nose with a
left swing. Fitz* swings his left and
Sharkey ducks under it. and Fitz looks a
bit anxious. No, he is laughing now as he
twice blocks Sharkey's left swings for the
body with ease. Fitz misses a terrible Jfeft
swing. Sharkey swings Loth hands for
the jaw. Eharkey lands a wild left swing
en the jaw and sends Fitz down back
ward and falls down t>ver him. The bell
xlngs while Fiiz is down and nobody
seems to hear it but Fitz's seconds, who
rush In and drag him to the corner. He
looks tired, but after a few seconds' rest
looks as well as ever. It was a Holy ter
ror—that left swing to the nose.
Round 2— Sharkey rushes, but Fitz
steps away and misses right swing for
the face by being too short. Sharkey
rushes in wildly and backs Fitz against
the ropes, but the old man clinches a:ul
blocks him. Tom sends left swing lor
head and Fitz comes inside of it with a
i straight right jab that splits Tom's lip.
Fitz sends a bluff left for the head and
catches Sharkey in the belly with the
right. Sharkey misses a left for the head,
but sends in a right on tyxa body. It's a.
hard blow and shakes up Fitz badly
Sharkey rusttcs In and runs' into a right
hook on the jaw that shakes him up. He
rushes in again and Fitz puts in a left
and right hook on the jaw and senu-s
Sharkey to the floor. He 'stays down
eight seconds. Fitz rushes at him with
left and right hooks on the jaw four or
live times in succession. Shcrkey falls
down on his face. He cannot get up and
is counted out. Time of round two min
utes and six seconds.
After the Battle.
Here's a funny thing. The moment Fitz
is declared winner he comes over here to
shake hands with c=&
"Well, Fitz, old boy, I congratulate you.
Now Fitz goes back to his corner. He's
a wonderful old man and the best man of
all of them that I have met. I like Fitz,
and I'm perfectly willing to fight him
within six months before any club in the
country offering the greatest amount of
money.
Sharkey seemed very slow to-night and
did not appear to be right. He used pooi
judgment in rushing in at Fitz wide open
and not protecting himself properly. Eut
even at his beat Fitz could lick him. I
They ought not to be, because I under
stand there had been some trouble about
the money and Fitz Is not to be blamed.
Fitz doesn't pay any attention to the hoot
ing, groaning and hissing. He looks bright
and good. Now he takes his bath robe off
and all the hissing and hooting turns to
cheers and applause. Fitzslmmons looks
very good, very bright. His eyes are clear
and he seems very confident. I think he
weights about 170 pounds.
Fitz's hands are thoroughly bandaged,
even the fingers are wrapped with ad
hesive tape. He looked over at Sharkey
All the seconds are gathering around
him, fanning him, while O'Rourke hangs
for a long time in the ring. Toni seems
a trifle anxious. Both his hands are well
protected with bandages. The crowd Is
giving a great reception to John L. Sulli
van and the old fellow deserves It. He
Is the king of us, all and deserves the
benefit he is to receive next week. I won
der what is delaying Fitz? He Is waiting
a long time. I don't think Sharkey likes
this wait. Tom O'Rourke Is whispering
to him and Sharkey is nodding his head
In reply and smlline- But he la smiling
solemnly, as if he knows something big
is coming off pretty soon.
over the ropes and gives him his last in
structions. There is one advantage Fitz
has over the sailor: he doesn't need
any instructions from anybody when he
gets into the ring. He is the coolest, shift
iest fighter that. ever got inside the rope3
and he has the hardest punch of the whole
lot. I look for a first-rate fight, and if
Sharkey's side is all right again I expect
to see him make a splendid showing, al
though I am not picking any winner.
Hoots and Cheers.
The crowd is hooting at Eltzslmmons
now as he comes in at 11:05 and every
body seems to be sore on the old man.
BY JAMES J. JEFFR^S.
CHAMPION'S IMPRESSION
OF THE BRIEF BATTLE
Special Dlssatch to The Call.
NEW YORK. Auc 24.— Here Is Shar
key, first in the ring at 10:40
o'clock. He has an elegant new
bath robe on. You would think
he spends all his money for bath
robes. There he goes over to ray corner,
thevnortheast corner. Now, Tom has his
robe off and we can get a good look at
him. He looks first rate. I don't think
any man could wish to be in better con
dition. He isn't a bit drawn and his mus
cles look a little bit loose, almost flabby.
He isn't flabby, though. He is simply
blg-ger and stronger than ha has been
All last evening soldiers of the Thir
teenth, Fourteenth. Fifteenth. Sixteenth
and Twenty-first regiments '"did the line."
They had been paid off and money was no
object. The fun grew so fast and furious
that Policemen Helnf and Geiman went
up to suppress it. When they arrested
Smith as ringleader the entire mob
charged, and one of the keepers of tha
peace drew his pistol and tired it in the
air before the crowd would give way.
A call was turned in Tor assistance and
Sergeant Donovan with a squad of twenty
policemen left the California-street police
station for the battle-ground. Here they
were joined by the Chinatown patrol an<l
thirty arrests were made. "Counting
noses." it was found that no injuries ha>i
been sustained by the "cops." which was
a matter for congratulation, as the battle
at one time assumed the appearar.ee of
a lively skirmish.
Sergeant Donovan attributes the ab
sence of serious hurts to the fact that the
soldiers carried no side arms. Had *ueb.
been the case a disastrous result might
have been recorded. The sergeant ha3
given orders to arrest any soldier showing
signs of intoxication anrt the original
thirty may be considerably augmented.
The police will adopt stringent measures
to prevent a recurrence ot last night's
affair.
Two hundred riotous soldiers and a
squad or police engaged in a battle royal
at Bush and Dupont streets last night a
victory resulting for the wearers of the
stars and imprisonment for thirty cf the
soldlera. A private named George Smith
was tho leader of the military forces, and
he may find himself charged with some
thing more serious than "drunk."
Thirty Prisoners Captured Out of
Two Hundred Engaged by
Doughty Sergeant Donovan
and Twenty Offlcars.
Victory Perches on "Cops'"
Banner After the Relief
Column Arrives.
SOLDIERS AND
POLICE MMIX IN
BATTLE ROYAL
ST. LOUIS. Any. 21.— Powell was in superb
form to-day and had Chicago at his mercy all
through the pame. His support was perfect.
Attendance UC0. Score:
Clubs— . R. H. E.
St. Xouia.... -i, 7 10 0
Chicago : 0 6 4
Batteries— Powell and Robinson: Griffith,
Chance and Dexter. Umpire— Swartwood.
PITTSBURO. Auy. 24.— Newton had splendid
support and kept his hits scattered, while the
visitors' hits came Just when needed. Attend
ance. 1SC0. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
PUtsburg t 10 3
Cincinnati 11 12 0
Batteries— Chesbro. Ilustlng and Schrtver;
Newton and Kahoe. Umpire— Snyder.
NEW YORK. Aug. 24.— The Phillies won out
by timely batting In the eighth inning. At
tendance. 10iO. Score:
Clubs— R. *. II. E.
Philadelphia S 12 1
New York 14 0
Batteries— Dunn and McFarland; llawley and
Grady. - Umpire— O' Day. (
GEORGETOWN. Ky.. Aug. 24.— Henry E.
Youtsey. in Jail awaiting trial for complicity
In the Goebel murder and who has been 111.
Is reported to be In a serious condition to-day.
FORT WORTH. Tex.. Auk. 2*.— There is
great excitement In Sabine County, owing to
fears of a race war between whites and blacks.
The negroes have posted notices threatening
to kill three prominent white men and are In
timidating women. Peace officers -have been
asked for from adjoining counties.
Clubs— .W. L. Pet. Club?— W. I* Pet.
Brooklyn ...58 35 .817 Boeton 43 43 .493
Plttsburgr --.M 47 .533 Cincinnati ..47 62 .47S
Philadelphia. 45 4S .506|St. Louis 44 El .463
Chicaso 4S 43 .493!Xew York.. ..30 57 ,4«
His Mercy.
CORRECT STANDING OF THE CLUBS.
George Lewis of the Alameda Boat Club
of San Francisco and Cragness of the
Olympics. Lewis had matters pretty much
his own way and finished well in the lead.
The second heat followed, the entries
being C. Ayers of the Ariels and Baker of
the Olympics. Ayers won handily. Ba
ker's skiff capsizing.
The third heat was won by Hammer
smith, who defeated Ayers. The final
hfat will take place in the mornln? .
The afternoon was devoted to the sail
ing events and the rtver was covered with
boats. The scene was a very pretty one
and the sport was good.
The fishermen's boatrace brought out
fifteen boats. It was a sailing race, with
anchor start; Number 2. belonginsr to
Herman Xentu, won; No. 11 second. No. 1
third. Time. 1 hour 19 minutes 5 seconds.
Other events were:
Whitehall sailing race, three starter»-Cleo
won. Time. 1:30:46. .
Gasoline launches— The Hester. Ethel. Elf
and C. W. Aller started, but no decision has yet
been riven.
Sloops, free for all— Muriel won. Lark sec
ond. Glamonda third. Time. 1:3«:S9.
GOOSE EGGS FOR CHICAGO.
Powell Has the Windy City Men at
. Illinois apples were awarded the first
prize at the Paris Exposition.
Sreclal Dispatch to 'The Call.
ASTORIA, Or., Aug. 24. — The handsome
medal offered by the regatta committee
for the Pacific Coast championship Bingle
shell race will to-morrow adorn the breast
cf Alexander Pape, the husky San Fran
cisco oarsman. He is well entitled to the
trophy, for the championship race was
the hardest he ever participated in. ' The
result was in doubt until tire last mo
ment, but I'ape's wonderful endurance
iinally told and he linlshed first. His
formidable competitor was Gloss of Port
land.
The championship was the main event
of the day. There were four entries— Pape
and Stcrnberg of San Francisco and Gloss
and Patton of Portland.
The men got an excellent start. Gloss
and Pape having the inside of the course.
They started out side by side and their
boats fairly flew over the water. Stern
berg and Patton had the outside of the
course and were together most of the way.
Pape and Gloss rounded the buoy about
the same time and came into the stretch
neck and neck. Pape pulled a strong
stroke, but with surprising tenacity Glosa
clung to the shell of the sturdy Callfor
nlan. Gradually Pape's shell forged
ahead. The Californlan's strength was
telling against the Portlander, who fal
tered toward the end. Pape finished half
a length ahead. Time. 11:39. Pape warmly
congratulated the Portland lad and ad
mitted that he had had the warmest race
of his life.
Then came the first heat of the out
rigger skiff race, the contestants being
Shell Race.
San Franciscan Captures the Pacific
Coast Championship Single
OARSMAN PAPE WINS
THE MEDAL AT ASTORIA
BOSTON'. Aug. 24.-The grand circuit
meet at Readx-ille closed to-day with the
notable feature of Anaconda, a eeldlng
owned by the Eastview stock farm at
Eastvicw, N. Y.. pacing a mile in J--W<
thereby winning the 2:04 class and defeat
ing by a very narrow margin Frank Bo
gssh and Searchlight. The figure breaks
the P^eadviUe track record, made in a race
in which Araconda was a favorite, but
the people heavily backed Frank Bogash
and Searchlight, as the past record
showed they were fast to an unknown de
crcc
The other great race w£3 the 2:08 trot,
in which Arion, owned by J. Malcolm
Forbes, was brought out of retirement
after six yoars and sent up against Char
ley Herr, the game winner of the ilassa
chusftts stake last year, and Gattan Boy,
the great horse from Macon. Ga. Arion
was epeedy in the lirst heat, but fell down
badly In the second and was then with
drawn, leaving Urattan Boy and Charley
Herr to light out a royal battle, in which
the Lexington horse won. Summary:
5:04 olawi. pacing, two In thre«. purse {1S00 —
Anaconda ""on two ctraigrht heats. Time by
<iuart<j^ Flret h«-at— :J1%. 1:02',,. 1:53%. 2:044.
BeconOT.eat— :i0 ? i. 1:C1, l:31\. 2:02%. Frank
Ucgash. Searchlight and Cnehalls also started.
2:12 cla*E, trotting, purse J15C0— York Boy won
the third and fourth heat* Jn 2:0»%. 2:11*4. Tem
ple \Vl!k<« won the first heat In 2:U«4- 'JJiward
Kllver won the second heat In 2:11%. Ed Locke,
Dolado Wilkes, Elfrida, Don L and Temper
jilpo started.
2:14 class, pacinr. purse $1000 — Stacher Wilson
I von thrw utralRht hi«atf< In 2:10. 2:10, 2:13. Fred
"vv, ijan We«Bel. William H. Moody, Prince A.
Faith, Mazie Sidney and IU>bert B also eUrted.
S:08 trot, purse JUOO— Charley Herr wcnth«
•fceend and third be&ta In 2:09. 2:10. Grattan
Moble Tee Wins Two Heats at Gales
burg, Reducing His Becord,
but Is Taken Sick and
"WithdrawTi.
Defeats Frank Bogash and
Searchlight by a Narrow
Margin.
GOOD RECORD
OF ANACONDA
AT READVILLE
ered, be prosecuted.
Hackett's affidavit sets forth that In
March last he wrote to Johnston asking
him if he would row him for a purse.
Johnston's reply was a suggestion that
Hackett come to Vancouver and row a
race for an alleged stake and allow Johns
ton to defeat him. Several, letters were
written by Johnston subsequently re
garding the same proposed fake race,
Johnston stating that a saloonkeeper, W.
11. Quann, would provide the stake money
and that all' the money won by Quann in
betting on Johnston to win would bo di
vided equally between Quann, Johnston
and Hackett. Hackett agreed to Johns
ton's proposition and on arriving: In Van
couver was given $200 by Quann to bet on
himself In public places as a blind. Quann
also sent to him $1000 by his brother and
J. McLean, a bartender, to hand back to
Quann publicly as Hackett's stake money.
After the race $270 was haoded to Hack
ett as his share of the money won by
Quann's bets on Johnston. J. McLean fig
ured in the transaction as a go-between,
meeting Hackott in Seattle and arrang
ing the details of the scheme with Hack
ett in March last.
SARATOGA, Aug. 24.-Results:
Five furlones — Luck won. Kid second, Ta
veta third. Time. 1:01V*.
Mile and nfty-five yards, selling— Koentg
won. Godfrey second, Tim Gayney third. Time,
1:441*.
HandlcaD. six furlongs — Prejudice won. Gib
raltar second. Ralston third. Time, 1:13%.
Five furlongs — Water Plant won. Punctual
second, Cogswell third. ..Time, l:03»J.
Mile and a sixteenth— Intrusive won, King
Bramble second. First Whip third. Time,
1:4C! * < •
Swimming at Sutro's.
Following are the entries for next Sun
day at Sutro Baths:
Fifty-yard dash, Juveniles — L. Greenan,
R. Herman, J. Sanders, A. Martinez, F.
Paine, J. Ramsay, J. Patton, F.i Banker,
C. Donovan, J. Douglass, E. Wells, F.
Hughes, A. Rae, J. Dlxon, J. . Rogers, F.
Wolfe. D. Shipley. M. Roach, B. Hand,
F.-Crowder. G. Adler, J. Hanna, P. Lock
wood, F. Magner, H. Jordan.
Under-water swimming contest, diving
for. plates and high diving for boys, open
to all.
One hundred yard race, amateurs— W.
O'Brien. T. Thompson, P. Logan. F.
Levin, W. Cook, R. Riding, R. Cordell, A.
Clayton. E. Raynold. H. Wilbert..M. Car
mody, P. Ralston, J. Bradley, G.Harnes,
A. Canter. G. Augustus, F.- Hulbert, E.
Bell. F. Bradlye, II. Mennen, G. Irvine.
H. Seebach.
Trick arid fancy springboard diving— T.
Carter, L. Haywards, E. Wells, J. a.
Jackson, C. Butterworth. G. Kelly. L.
Scott, O. Minser, P. Sunberg, J. Gardiner,
H. Ryan. L. Sumner. 1<". Brown, W. Car
roll, F. Crowder, J. Dlxon, W, Cocer.
CHICAGO, Aug. 24.-Only one favorite
in the first four races secured brackets
at Hawthorne this afternoon. That waa
when Braw Lad beat Lomond in the sec
ond race. Results:
Six furlongs— Tyr won. Silurian second, Dan
dy Jim third. Time. 1:17*4.
Seven furlongs — Braw Lad won, Lomond sec
ond. Tame Irishman third. Time, 1:33.
Five and a half- furlones— Woodstick won.
Icon second. Danger Lino third. Time, l:10V4.
Seven furlongs, selling— Pir&te J won, Jim
\V second. Lady Britannic third. Time, l:30V4-
One mile— The Unknown won, Ohnet second,
Owensboro third. Time, 1:44%.
Mile and seventy yards, selling— Pay the Fid
dler won. Hand press second. Lady Meddlesome
third. Time. 1:4S%.
tlca Young second, Casova third. Time, l:03Vi.
Six and a half furlongs, selling— Nettle Re
cent won. Julia Hose second, Kotha third.
Time. 1:21.
Five and a half furlongs— Benckart won. Re-
Ifina Lee second. Syncopated Sandy third.
Time. l.-OSH.
One mile — Rathlln won, Zonnle second, Eliza
beth K third. Time. 1:42.
lllle and a sixteenth, selling— Prince Zeno
won, Olive Order second, Fannie Taylor third.
Time. 1MDU.
Mile and an eighth, pelllng — Bequeath won,
Ilelen II II second. Flammarlon third. Time,
1:56.
DETROIT, Aug. 24.— Results at Wind
sor:
Five furlongs— Freo Admission won. Pren-
ST. L.OUIS, Aug. 24.— Results:
Six and a half furlongs, selllnc— The 1-ight
wnn Eight Bells second. Kindred third. Time,
1:20.
On* mile and ¦ seventy yards, selling — Joe
Doughty won, Ijpo Planter eecond, Eugenie S
third. Tlrae, 1:47H.
Five furionKs— Athara won, Empyreal second.
Glenbow third. Tim*. 1:C3H-
Two miles, selling — Gilbert won, Ransom sec
ond. Round Turn third. Time. 3:35.
¦ Five and a half furlongs— Seething won. La
Dedrous bccond. Mancaret F third. Time, 1:10.
Six furlongs, selllnc— Benham won, Ostra sec
ond, Henry of Frcnsamar third. Time, l:15Vi.
ture at Highland Park.
DETROIT. Aug. 24.— A heat race at flva
furlongs, which took three heats to de
cide, was the feature at Highland Park
this afternoon. R, Q. Ban, the favorite,
won the first and third heats. In the
second heat he was beaten by Fessy F,
because Daly, on Glad Hand, shut Him
off at the sixteenth pole and forced I^an
dry to pull up. The latter hit Daly with
his whip and made him pull out and was
fined by the judges. The track was fast.
Results:
Five furlongs, heats, selling— First heat: . R.
Q. Ban won. Glad Hand second. Miss Fonso
land third. Time. 1:01. Second heat: Fessy
F won. It. Q. Ban second. Glad Hand third.
Time. 1:C2. Hun oft: It. Q. Ban won, Fesay
aeeond. Glad Hand third. Time, l:02>4.
Four and a half furlongs, selling— Obey won,
Marcy second, Maltese Cross third. Time,
:£6%.
Six and a half furlongs, splllni; — L W won.
Deist eecond. Vint third. Time. 1:22V4-
Five turlonrs, selling— Rose Bird won, Miss
Kringle second, Virginia T third. Time. 1:03.
Six and a half furlongs, selling — Cllpsetta
won. Jucoma second. Old Fox third. Time,
Seven furlongs, selling:— Jessie Jarbo iron,
Epaldla Y. second. Pearl third. Time, 1:28%.
Heat Race at Five Furlongs the Fea-
FAVORITE WINS.
GALESBURG, 111., Aug. 21.— At the driv
ing nark to-day Noble Tee won two heats
in the 2:20 pace, reducing his record 14
seconds, and was then taken ill and with
drawn. Summary:
2:17 pace, purse $.VO-^rira Barney won In three
straight heats. Bm time, 2:llVi. Burrts, Stom
wood. Bow Bowser and Oak Orove also started.
2:12 tret, puree fc»0<>— Nuretta won in three
etralght beats. Bfst time. 2:G3',4. Cutting- and
Alvarado also started.
2:20 pace, Illinois stake, purse J1000— Artora
won third, fourth and fifth heats. Best time,
2:12%. Noble Tee won the first and second
heats. Best tlm«. 2:10. Jean Ingleow, Teresa
WUken. Lad2i Goldfleld, Braid and Possum also
started.
2:23 trot, purse £00— Mart Allerton won sec
ond, filth ana sixth heats. Best time. 2:16 1 ,^.
Among-o won third and fourth heats. Best time,
2:18*4. Gray Billy and Cora Sands also started.
Boy won the first heat in 2:05^. Kinkmond,
Lord \ incent and Arion also started.
The race was rowed last Saturday for
$1000 a side and In Vancouver nearly $20.
000 changed hands over the event. Hack
ett, the favorite at 100 to 50 two days
before the race, lost. He allowed Johns
ton to win, according, to his own confes
sion here to-day, in pursuance .of: '-an
agreement; made between Johnston,
Quann brothers of Vancouver and him
self. The Quanns are well known betting
and saloon men and furnished the money
for the carrying out or the scheme. Sworn
evidence was taken this afternoon at a
long session of the race officials, Referee
Russell presiding.
Hackett made a sensational affidavit, an
outline of which Is glv*n below, every.de
tail of which was denied by the Quanns,
who alleged that it was<a game to rope
them in tor the monetary part of the lia
bility. Johnston has apparently left the
city. He was not at the investigation and
has not been seen since the night of the
race. ) The referee decided to declare it u
fake race, but reserved his decision as to
the payment of bets."
Hackett offered two days ago to pro
duce the letters sent by Johnston to him
arranging the fake. He went to Senttie
for-them and while, he was en route a
telegram was sent from here to his wife
to destroy all letters relating to the race.
The telegram was signed "John" and the
wifedestroyed the letters. The telegram
was bogus and the sender will, if dlscov-
VANCOUVER, B. C, Aug. 24.— The
championship rowing race between R» N.
Johnston of Vancouver and John •' L.'.
Hackett of Seattle was to-day declared by
Referee J. A. Russell to be a fake.
SDeclal Dlsoatch to The Call.
Seattle Oarsman Submits an Affidavit
in Which He Details the Scheme
of Four Men to* Fool
Bettors. . •
Sensational Disclosures Re
garding a Vancouver
Contest.
"FAKE" RULES
THE REFEREE IN
A BOATRACE
At th«» close of the round Sharkey, with
a terrific swing that landed on the shoul
der ana neck, put Fitzsimmons to the
floor of the rir.g and Tom fell over him
in his mad rush. Tom regained his feet
quickly, but the bell rang with Fitzsim
mons still on the floor. The spectators
wrre cheering like wild men, and when
Kitz.=immons got to his feet the men
Fhaped up to go for each other, evidently
not having heard the be'.l amid the up
roar. The referee rushed between them,
sending them to their corners, and this
is where Sharkey says he would have
finished Fitz5immons had he had ten sec
ond*? more.
Jn the cecond round Sharkey. having
grained confidence from knocking Fitz
simmons down in the preceding round,
went for his man as if to annihilate him.
but Fitzsimmon?. having the cooler head
and better judgment, outgeneraled the
younger man. ¦who seemed to lose all con
trol of himself in his frantic endeavors
to land on Fitzslmmons. Then Fitzsim
mons stepped in with a crushing right
to the body and a ready left to the Jaw,
•while the best Sharkey could do was to
swing a left which landed in the middle
of Fitzsimmons' back.
The Sailor's Finish.
There was fearful force behind this
blow, as Fitzsimmons said after the fight
was over that he felt as if he had been
hit with a pickax in the small of the
back. Fitzsimmons' coolness never for-
Foofc him and he watched Sharkey's wild
efforts with evident satisfaction, as the
pallor was leaving himself very open.
Kitzslmmons stepped In to him and liter
ally battered Sharkey down with rights
on the body and lefts and rights on the
head. Eharkey took the count and came
up groggy. He staggered back to the
ropes, with Fitzslmmons hot after him.
Sharkey was then unable to protect him
self and Fitzsimmons sent that fearful
right once more to the body, following it
Fitz Goes Down.
NETC YORK. Aug. 24.— "Whipped
into insensibility in less than two
rounds." is the story In brief of
Tom Sharkey's meeting with Bob
Fitzsimmons at the Coney Island
Sporting Club to-night. Fitzsimmons was
the victor, Sharkey the loser. Fltzslm
ir.cns said all along that when an oppor
tunity presented Itself he would prove
conclusively that he was Sharkey's su
perior and settle accounts for the Injus
tice done him when he met Sharkey in
California four years ago. Sharkey was
equally confident that he would prove to
1->e Fitzsimmcns' master In the ring, but
the result of to-nlghfs battle and the
brevity of it proved that Fitzsimmons is
etlll a great fighter and able to beat the
best of the heavyweights. He has beaten
Corbett, Ruhlln and Sharkey.
Fitzslmmons was a decided favorite in
the bettir.g, owing to his showing with
Ruhlin a short time ago. His defeat of
Ruhlin on that occasion, and the previ
ous victory of Ruhlin over Sharkey a few
•weeks earlier, were figured on as show
ing that FltZFimmons ought to whip the
e&Uqj at this meeting.
Sharkey's Wild Blows.
When the men met to-night both of
them declared themselves to be in flrst
c!a£s condition, and they certainly looked
it. Fitzsimmons had taken on a few
pounds in weight since his meeting with
Jluhlln. but neither he nor Sharkey would
tell his actual weight. Sharkey looked
to be cbout twenty pounds the heavier.
When the men came together Sharkey
assumed the aggressive, rushing flercely
and swinging wiMly. Fitzslmmons had
r.o difficulty in sidestepping out of the
way. Bob soon began feinting Sharkey
Into leads, and when the sailor tried his
round-arm blows he left himself open,
of which fact Fitzsimmons was quick to
lake advantage, and he stepped inside and
put powerful right and left smashes on
the sailor's body and neck. He stabbed
Sharkey with his left, making the
tailor lose temper. Then Sharkey
rushed more wildly than before, missing
moft of the swingrs, while Fitzsimmons
wos getting to him with great force and
using both hands.
When Fitzslmmons was declared the
winner the crowd surged toward the ring,
but the police drove them back. Fitzsim
mons was congratulated by those nearest
his coiner, and then he ran over and
grasped Sharkey by the gloved hands
Htzsimmons almost danced with delight
when stepping back from Sharkey's cor
r.er. and as iie walked to his dressing
toom he was loudly cheered. Sharkey in
the meantime had recovered very quickly
from his pur.i-hment and was able to
leave the ring us soon as Fitzsimmons.
Sharkey had a black eye and a bloody
nose as the result of his meeting with
Fitzsimmons, who beat him down as if he
had been using a big hammer In a black
smith's forge.
"Well, I got licked sure enough, but I've
got myself to blame for it. I should not
have mixed It up. That is where I made
the mistake. I wish the opening round had
lasted about fifteen seconds longer and I
would have finished him, as I am sure I
had him going when the bell separated
us."
In an adjoining room Sharkey was being
rubbed down by his handlers. lie seemed
to be crestfallen at his defeat. He said:
"I've got very little to say, other than
I'm glad I won and won quickly. I am
glad also for the sake of my wife and chil
dren, and am going to hurry home to them
with all possible speed. I will look for
Jeffries next, and will be ready to meet
him as soon as arrangements can be
made. I am an old man, but I'm not a
'has-been' and I feel that I can take care
of myself against all comers for some time
to come."
After the battle, when the men had re
turned to their dressing-rooms, it was seen
that Fitzsimmons did not show a mark.
He had a slight cut on the Inside of hi3
lip, that was all. Fitzslmmons said:
Then there was another delay of nearly
an hour before the big fellows made their
appearance. Charley White, the chosen
referee, refused to officiate until $500 was
guaranteed to him. When White was
granted his point It was thought that the
fight would go on, but Fitzslmmons and
his manager insisted that the amount of
the purse, $25,000, should be in sight before
the lanky pugilist would enter the ring.
Just what amount was come to between the
club manager and Fitzslmmons could not
be learned, but Fitzslmmons declared that
he was satisfied as he walked to the ring
side. Sharkey had been in the ring fully
twenty-five minutes before Fitzsimmons
turned up and Bob was received with min
gled cheers and groans, as the great ma
jority of the those present were not aware
of what had delayed him. In less than
fifteen minutes afterward those who
groaned at the old man were standing on
chairs and benches cheering madly for the
man who had given Sharkey his quietus.
Fitzsimmons Unharmed.
About 6000 people saw the bout, but if
they had not been extra good-natured
they would have left the clubhouse before
the fight was put on. The club manage
ment was in bad odor for forty-five min
utes, during which 6000 penned-up sports
sweltered and fumed in the hot clubhouse,
where there was little or no ventilation.
The preliminary bout fell through and an
other had to be substituted, which caused
a delay of at least an hour' and a half.
When the boys began fighting it was seen
that they knew nothing of the game, and
their work In the ring was so ridiculous
that the on-lookers took It as a huge Joke,
instead of resenting it as a gold brick
which was offered them.
Preliminaries a Farce.
It was a short but hard fight. In which
Fitzslmmons proved his superiority, and
it is possible that another meeting with
Jeffries will result in Fitzsimmons again
winning the title of heavy- weight 'cham
pion of the •world.
up with right and left to the body. Shar
key wobbled, but still had strength
enough to keep on his feet. Fitzslmmons
stepped In again with another right on
the body, following twice with rights and
lefts on the head, and finishing his work
and the fight -with a stinging left hook
on the Jaw, which Bent Sharkey down and
out.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, AUGUST 25, 1900.
¦ - • '
Sailor Starts Out Aggressivelu and Succeeds in
Flooring the Australian, but Eyifleritlu Loses
His Head and' Strikes Out Wilfllg, Making
Himself 'an Easu Mark for the Heavy Blows
of His Antagonist, Which Soon Tell on Him,
FITZSIMMONS TRIUMPHS IN THE SECOND ROUND
THOMAS SHARKEY.
NEW YORK, Aug. 24.— It was anybody's fight when
the end came. Somebody had to win. I thought it was
my fight in the first round, but it was not. Fitzsim
mons is a great old fellow, and won a fair fight. I have no
excuses to offer. I was beaten fairly and squarely.
SHARKEY ADMITS HE
WAS FAIRLY BEATEN
5One of these arguments is presented in the current
number of the 'National Review, in an article entitled
"Having Eyes. They See Not." The writer begins
by declaring the British. Ministry and the British
people are practicing self-deception with regard to
their relations and their power in war,
and he then goes on to say: "What makes the reflect
ing man who has no desire to attack every one and
everything most uneasy is that this frame of mind in
When Herrin, Kelly and Crimmins decided to use
the names of honest men to assist them in their dis
reputable campaign they probably forgot that honest
men do not permit their names to be used as other
men use their honor — as a commodity.
CAPERS OF THE "AUTO."
A New York paper has compiled the fol
lowing "recent automobile accidents to the
400:"
Mrs. Stuyvesant Fish and Miss Gretna
Pomeroy— Machine smashed itself against
a stone wall.
O. II. P. Bclmont — Machine smashed in
collision.
Joseph Widener— Automobile charged a
house and smashed itself.
Mrs. S. A. Boyd of Boston — Machine
turned somersault.
AuRUSt Belmont— Machine ran away.
George "W. Childs Drexel— Machine blew
up. destroying: his stable.
W. F. Draper Jr. — Capsizing incident at
Bay Shore. I... I.
Joseph H. Hoadley— Runaway and
smashup.
Mrs. Herman Oelrlchs and poodle—
Smashup at Newport.
John Jacob Astor — Automobile turned
somersault and hit a stone wall. .
William Rockefeller— Machine hit a
stone wall and turned a somersault.
LJNDER the title, "The New Nullification." Sen
] ator Chandler has written to the New York Sun
a letter pointing out the grave problems
which have arisen out of the action of so many of
the Southern States in virtually disfranchising the
negro. He very justly says: "Among all the other
questions which are agitating the people in the pend
ing canvass, thoughtful and patriotic men in the North
and the South alike may wisely give some reflec
tion to the question suggested by the recent North
Carolina election, where the result has been falsified
and changed by mob violence, and where freedom
of speech lias been so far suppressed that a United
States Senator supporting Bryan for President i;
threatened with death if he continues to speak against
the nullification of the fifteenth amendment of the
United States constitution."
Senator Chandler has no plan to offer for dealing
with the wrong. He says: "The problem I have
stated I cannot solve even satisfactorily to myself.
The country is in a cul de sac and cannot directly
get out or turn about." He points out that a revival
of sectionalism in our politics is to be avoided if that
can be effected without a sacrifice of the constitution
itself, but sees no, way of achieving it unless the
Southern leaders themselves perceive the folly of their
course and take steps to do justice to the negro. Un
der the circumstances ail that the Senator seeks is to
arouse the attention of the nation to the evil of the sit
uation and provoke upon it a discussion which may
brij;g to light some adequate means of grappling with
the wrong.
The one hope of conservative men in this quandary
is that the Supreme Court may declare the "grand
father clause" in the North Carolina constitution in
valid That point has not yet been raised before the
court and it is by no means certain that it will stan.1
the te«t. Should the clause be set aside the 'North
Carolina constitution will exclude illiterate whites
from the franchise as well as illiterate blacks and in
that case it is probable the whites would themselves
repeal the famous amendment and restore the fran
chise as it was.
The course the Republican party will take on th*
subject will, of course, be determined by the develop
ments that take place later on. It is impossible
at present to forecast what that policy will be. further
than to say it will uphold Republican traditions with
respect to rights of all citizens whether white or black.
In the meantime, as Senator Chandler says:
The present fluty of Republicans Is to elect McKinley
»nd Roosevelt > by enormous popular majorities tn the
Northern. Middle an*! Western States and by a sufficient
majority in the electoral colleges: and alr.o to carry the
House Republican. If we can, against the forty extra
Southern Tt«-pre*entatlves bas*>d upon th«s colored popu
lation, whom we cannot hope to elect because the colored
votes are not free and are of no force and effect at the
South, tot are suppressed by fraud and violence Jn dis
ob*><Ilence of the noble charter of freedom and protection
to the suffrage given to the race as the flna4 outcome of
the treat Civil War.
1Y\E NEW NULLIFICATION
THE EXAMINER'S OPINION.
THE Examiner, under the head, "for Republic
and Not Empire," says: "A correspondent write*
to ask the i£xaminer^s position on expansion.
Now, we ask the Examiner a plain question, the
same question to which its correspondent expected an
answer:
"Our position is so plain we can hardly understand
why any one should r.eed information about it. The
Examiner favors expansion without imperialism. We
favor the growth of the country, but not exploitation
of foreign colonies. Wherever the United States
flap flics, the United States constitution governs and
only those object to that doctrine who anticipate
much loot from the exploitation of imperial colonies.
What is happening in Cuba. Porto Rico and other
places where the sugar trust has its own way is
teaching the American people a les«on that they will
use to advantage in the next election.!'
I? the Examiner in favor of holding the Philip
pine*? I? so, under what governmental conditions?
To this we requen nn answer.
A CHANCE TO SMILE.
AS TO A CLIENT.
He la the most obstinate man I ever
saw," said the first lawyer.
|'Ves?" said his friend.
• "Yfs; be hates to take advice even when
he pays for it. "-Puck.
A STUDENT OF HUMAN NATURE
Newsboy— Say. cull. 1 sold out in tW3
minutes dls mornin'.
Hoots— How? Hollerin' 'bout de Chime
war?
Newsboy— Naw. Just yelled <M] "bout
de man wot froze t?r death."— Baitimors
American.
HOT AND COLD
Glickry— I imagine that Miss Ardfr'-*
fervid love making In that amateur play
last night wns as natural as her lev.;
making in reality.
Old Beau— Gilkey, If your imagination
were vivid enough to comprehend Mis-!
Arder's love making in reality, you could
rcake millions by utilizing it in thawing
out her father's frigid demeanor.
PERSONAL MENTION.
I>r. D. Smith of Livermore Is a guest
of the California.
Rev. XV. A. Rimracr of Nevada City
ls at the Occidental.
T. Spelacy, a wealthy rancher of Ba
kersfleld, is at the Licli.
U. E. Waity, a prominent citizen of
Honolulu, is at the Occidental.
Mr. and Mrs. B. I*. Rteinman of Sacra
mento are registered at the Palace.
Julius Goebel, professor of German at
Stanford University, is at the Palace.
W. E. Gerber, a prominent business
man of Sacramento, f s at the Palace.
Mrs. General John Kidder and daughter
of San Jose are guests of the Palace.
Pablo Hidalgo, a rich' resident of Ma
zatlan. Mex., Is registered at the Lick.
Frank Gray, the jolly host of the Golden
Kagle Hotel, Sacramento, is at the Pal
ace.
R. S. Campbell, a leading business man
of Salt Lake City, is at the Occidental
with his family.
R. M. Shackleford, a wealthy rancher of
Paso Robles.' Is registered at the Lick.
He Is here to see the big celebration.
J. R. Burkhart, one of the most promi
nent educators of Honolulu, arrived yes
terday. He is a guest of the Occidental.
K. R. Skelley, a prominent business man
of Riverside, accompanied by his wife. i«
in the city to await ilte coming celebra
tion.
Mrs. W. E. Foster, wife of the well
known mining man, arrived from Hono
lulu on the Mariposa yesterday. She is at
the Occidental.
George J. Smith, member of Parlia
ment of New Zealand, is at the Califor
nia. He is on his way around the world
on a pleasure trip.
Count Von Gromalski arrived from Aus
tralia yesterday and Is at the California.
He Is completing a tour around the world
and is bound for Germany.
Walter von Musll, a merchant of Apia.
Samoa, came in on the Mariposa yester
day and is at the California. He brings
no news regarding the situation in the
islands that has not been told in the
dispatches.
IN one of the local galleries this week,
whoro a number of new pictures have
been hung, a noticeable preponderance
of animal subjects is apparent, and
there are one or two really good things
among them.
Edmond A. Osthaus. whose dog pictures
have made him famous, exhibits a subject
that will interest all sportsmen and lovers
of the "friend of man." A couple of set
ters, Irish .and Llewellyn, and a pointer,
posed In its characteristic attitude, are
about to enter the brush where lies the
victim of their master's skill. The alert
poise, effect of moYement and sympathetic
handling of the subject, the color,
draughtsmanship and composition, will
delight alike artist and sportsman. The
picture has been excellently reproduced,
photographically.
Another animal subject by a Scotch ar
tist, Wright Barker, is also interesting.
"A Glimpse of the Highlands' shows a
trio of the shaggy, thickset mountain
"cattle," against a background of wild
hills, half hidden by the Highland mists.
Blown heather and scant grass make the
foreground, and the strong rich color of
the wild-eyed "beasties" against it is al
most too daring. The picture lacks some
what in tone atmosphere, but it is a
worthy composition. ¦
Jane Van Kssen contributes a sketch of
tiger's heads In water-color to the ani
mal gallery. It is of no especial merit.
Sheep pictures galore are there. C.
Westerbeck has one of his Dutch shep
herd subjects, rather sketchy in treatment.
J. F. Chaigneau shows a flock of sheep
being driven home at twilight. Sheep and
sky are well drawn and good in color,
but the composition is busy and formal.
\V. K. Petrich has a weak watercolor of
the woolly creatures, and Conland shows
yet another evening flock homeward
bound. Some rather unconvincing cows of
Conland. seen against a delicate sky and
pearly distance, and a large "Deer's
Head'," complete the zoological part of
the exhibition.
Some privileged Oaklander has been for
tunate enough to obtain the delightful
"Winter Dawn" of Charles Warren Katon.
lately exhibited here — o=e of the most de
licately beautiful and poetic landscapes
that has been seen in San Francisco.
Speaking of landscapes. Thaddeus Welch
has a very pleasing Californian subject on
exhibition in the same gallery. It is a
study of foothills in the late afternoon.
Broad and simple in treatment, of beauti
ful tone and convincing verity of color,
it is an altogether worthy effort at repro
ducing the loveliness of the Californian
landscape. ;
Jules Mersfelder. who has been staying
in San Francisco for some months, has re
turned to New York.
Another artist whose work has created
quite a considerable Interest here, John
Hafen. leaves us for his native city of
Salt Lake.
A returned emigre is C. D. Robinson,
who has been staying for some months in
Paris.
ART AND ARTISTS.
JUDGE BREGY of Pennsylvania in recently
discharging a grand jury made an address
which has revived in that State the frequently
mooted question*of reforming the methods of grand
jury procedure or abolishing the institution alto
gether. In reviewing the address the Philadelphia
Public Ledger says:
Judge Bregy, as he says, has formed his opinions of
the grand jury from a long and intimate connection
with criminal courts, and his experience has led to the
belief, in which the majority of his fellow citizens will no
doubt concur, that the system Is unwieldy and defective.
He is emphatic In his disapproval of the secrecy which
prevails in the grand jury room, where untruthful wit
nesses may give free rein to their mendacity or malice
without "direct responsibility for their words," where
corruption may gain a foothold, and where the only
thing accomplished by the grand jury's Intervention is
that "an additional chance Is offered the criminal to es
cape." Judge Bregy would certainly abolish secrecy,
and would gravely consider the question of wiping the
grand jury out of existence as unnecessary, expensive
and an obstacle to Justice.
In the public discussion which lias followed a wide
difference of opinion concerning the issue has been
developed. George S. Graham of Philadelphia, a
former District Attorney, is quoted as declaring in
favor of eliminating secrecy from the proceedings of
grand juries, but adding:
I would not be in. favor, however-, of the abolishment
of the grand Jury. While I would take away from it
all its power over criminal cases and make it unneces
sary to present any indictment to it. I would not abolish
it. There are other purposes for which the grand jury
exists and ought to exist. Part of its duty is to visit all
public institutions and examine into the manner in which
they are conducted and report upon them to the court.
This includes the prisons where the criminals are con
fined. I know of no better method than this for keeping
a check upon maladministration of trust in institutions
such as I have spoken of.
Another authority, Thomas R. Elcock. who. has had
experience on the bench, is opposed to any change at
all in the system. He says:
The secrecy of the grand jury I regard as one of its
Important powers; it is to protect the innocent from the
abuse, grown so prevalent, of the public exposure of
every charge against a man, and is to protect him from
the unfounded suspicion with which a public and open
investigation of an unfounded charge would slur a man's
character. Let well enough alone, and unless an abso
lute necessity exists for a change, mere speculation upon
such a subject is dangerous.
'One of the strongest advocates for the abolition
of the system is D. Clarence Gibboney, secretary of
the Law and Order Society of Pennsylvania, who
says :
The great Injustice done by grand juries in many cases
can scarcely be conceived. It is possible for cases of the
greatest public or private importance to be completely
smothered in the grand jury room, and those engaged
In the prosecutions are left helpless. Frequently cases
are Ignored on the strongest and best of testimony, and
indictments found in other less important cases on the
same kind of testimony. Politics and inlluences.of other
kinds have been known to figure very largely in the ac
tion of grand juries. While I have rarely had trouble in
securing indictments against violators of the law, yet in
some important cases grand juries have aided notorious
violators of the. law, much to the detriment of the public
Interests.
That evils exist in the grand jury system is beyond
question. In San Francisco we have had jury after
jury making final reports consisting mainly of ex
cuses for inefficiency. Sometimes the blame is placed
in one quarter, sometimes in another, but always
something is put forward as an explanation of the
| failure of the grand jury to check notorious evils.
; Thus on both sides and all over the continent it has
become a debatable question whether grand juries
: any longer serve a useful purpose to the community.
That fact in itself proves there is need of reform some
where and now that the Pennsylvanians have the issue
before them it is to be hoped they will not turn aside
from it until some remedy has been found that will
lead to reforms in the system in all the States.
ThJE GR0ND JURY SYSTEM
The Russian hear, it appears, is trying to play a
quiet engagement with the Chinese dragon. The in
ternational menagerie, which is being exhibited in
Chii^a, ought to view the incident with that satisfac
tion which one always has when he doesn't care who
is whipped.
in appparance and in effect than canva.s
headdresses. The crown of the hat is al
ways high enough to allow of a spouse
being put inside.
It is lnte-»stirg from an artistic poin:
of view to notice the flowers that th.-
French drivers put 'n the band.-* of th ¦•
horses' hatsi. Cornflowers are. of cutirse.
great favorites, while marguerites anri
poppies are combined In most attractive
hunches. The horse's name on the ban'!
of ribbon around the crown Is altogether
the plainest trimming that is seen. b»i;
the lettering is very distinct, and th
band I? wide enough to show off each |f
ter. The names that the horses bear
have apparently something to do with
whether the band is used or flowers art.
supplied. Often the /lowers are natural
ones. — New York Herald.
certainly he looks most comfortable. The
ears are stuck through the straw on eith
er side, and around 'he crown Is a band
of ribbon or braid, on which is embroider
ed or written the horse's name. The brim
is bound with the game colored ribbon
that Is put around the crown— as a rule,
bright scarlet— or Is left unbound, and the
hat is then trimmed with a bunch of flow
ers. The donkeys look especially funny
in their hats, but they seem to know how
to wear them better than the horses, or
else their long ears ?ive a more piquant
expression to the trimming, and they car
ry their heads proudly.
The object of the hut is, of course, to
Shield the animals from the sun's rays,
and it has seemed to work most satisfac
torily, for It shields the head without giv
ing any undue weight, and is far better
I | OT weather this summer has led to
LJ the adoption of many Paris fash-
Jj ions, and It i? to be hoped that one
J In particular will find favor over
here — that Is. bonnets and big- hats
for horses. American horses are supposed
to be well looked after In comparison with
the French ones, but a.s y<n there- has not
been seen over here tuch an extraordi
nary variety of heailpear as is seen in
Paris. There medium sized and largti
sized hats of coarse yellow straw sulorn
the heads of the truck horses, while the
donkeys and even some of the cab horse »
have also been seen lately with bonne's
on.
At first sight there seems something ab
solutely ridiculous about a sedate looking
horse wearing a big yellow straw hat. but
"HAVE A BITE?"
S3rc t^^^ €alL
SATURDAY AUGUST 25. 1000
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address Ali Communica'lons to W. S. LEAKE. Manager.
MA\A(ii:i('S OFFICE TTifS^ZZS^Z^J^t
I'CBLICATIOS OFFICE.. Market and Third. S. F.
Telrphone Frews "01.
EDITORUL nOOMS. 217 to 221 Mrirnnei St.
Telephone Pl*M 802.
nelivered »»r Carrier*. IK Cents Per Weelt.
Sfnarle Copies. R Cents.
Terms *»>• Mnll. Including Postatrei
DAILT CALL. flneludlnr Eunday). cne year MM
DA7LY CALL, (including Funiay). • mcr.thi t.OO
DAILT CALL Uocludlnr Scndar). I months l.M
DA!LT CALL— By Slnrle Month «5o
RITNDAT CALL One Tear l-«>
WEEKLY CAIX One Year J.M
All postmaster* are authorised to recelre
subscription*.
Etmpl* ocples will be forwarded when reqnected.
Mall rctocrlbers In crc-ring chance of address should be
?articular to |1vt both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS in order
to Insure a. prompt »r.d correct compliance with their leyueat-
OAKLAM) OFFICE 1118 Broadway
GEORGE C KROGNESS.
Marajrer Foreigrn Advertising, Marqueite Building, Chicago.
• Lens DUtanoe TelephoDe "Central !€».">
NTTW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C C. CARLTCN _ Heraid Square
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN B. SMITH 30 Tribune Building
NEW TORK IS'EWB 8TJLSCDB:
M*aldorf-Aftoria Hotel; A. BrenUno, II Union Bquart:
Murray Hill Hotel
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Ebcmaa Bouse; P. O. Newa Co.; Great Xorthern Hotel:
Fremont Hcti»e; Auditorium KoteL
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Wellington Hotel
MORTON £. CRANE. Correspondent.
BRASCP OFFICES-E?: Montgomery, corner of Clay, open
ur.tii J:SO o'clock. 300 Hayes, open until P:30 o'clock. 633
McAllister, open until 9:30 o'clock. €15 Lark In. open until
¦ 40 o'clock. 1S41 MisFlon. open until 10 o'clock. SMI Market,
ccmer Sixteenth, or»en until 9 o'clock. 1096 Valencia, open
ur.til S o'clock. 106 Eleventh. or>en until 9 o'clock. NW cor
ner Twentr-eecoTi«S and Kentucky, open until » o'clock.
e SECOND 0CCEPT0NCE.
COLONEL BRYAN may put this down as his
busy month. His present occupation is the ac
ceptance of Presidential nominations. He has
already taken in two, made under the main tent, and
one by a sideshow called "the American Monetary
League."
In accepting the Populist nomination at Topeka he
took occasion to commit himself to another issue of
greenbacks and to pat on the shoulder all the declara
tions of the Populist platform. He limped a little in
his speech when he came to the improved industrial
condition of the country, which he attributed to an
increase in the volume of the circulating medium. If
he would look a little further he would discover that
the increase is in the circulation of good, full value
dollars, each redeemable in gold at 100 cents, and not
in the 45-cent dollars of silver, which he advocated
in 1806, nor in the irredeemable paper greenback
which he advocates new. He says much about put
ting the dollar above the man. But the Republican
party has made it a 100-cent dollar and does not hang
it too high for the man to get it, while he proposes
to make it a 45-cent dollar under conditions that
will probably put it out of the man's reach, as all kinds
of dollars were before the gold standard was assured
by his defeat four years ago.
After accepting the full round of financial vagaries
dear to the Populist heart, he attacked imperialism in
this way: "Already the more advanced supporters of
the colonial idea point to the economy of a system of
government which intrusts all the powers to the
Executive and does ."way with the necessity of legis
lation. The Army ard Navy Journal in its issue of
August 4 commends the English system and declares,
as a result of this system, a fifth of the world's' area
and one-fifth of its population is ruled with an ad
ministrative economy which is an administrative mar
vel. Thus does imperialism bear its supporters back
ward, turning toward the dark ages."
We beg Colonel Bryan's pardon. That commenda
tion of England's policy and turning toward the dark
ages did not originate with the Army and Navy
Journal, nor the Republican party. In 1898 Mr.
Hearst, his principal newspaper supporter and presi
dent of his National Association of Clubs, said in th:
San Francisco Examiner: "Let us examine the adjec
tives. "Monarchical hazards' — the most remarkable,
example in the history of the world of the assumption
of such hazards is furnished by England, and in faith
England has prospered indifferently well under all
that load of monarchical hazards. The fact is that
England's institutions are as free and democratic as
our own; the fact is that the English nation is^he
most powerful and most enlightened in the Old
World. 'i And again in August. 1898, Hearst said:
"In government we are the heirs of the English, who
have succeeded in governing dependencies, and if we
can't form a policy of our own we can borrow one."
Colonel Bryan at Topeka. speaking of the army nec
c?sary to hold the Philippines, said: "If 100,000 men
are withdrawn from the ranks of the producers and
placed as a burden on the backs of those who remain,
it must be longer hours, harder work and greater
sacrifices for tho=e who toil."
But on August 9. J& r j8, his supporter and club presi
dent, Mr. Hearst, provided for that difficulty. He
said in the Examiner: "We will hold the Philippines
with an army, the cost of which will be paid out of the
island revenues, on which it will be a proper charge."
As is his habit. Colonel Bryan quoted Lincoln, as
saying of the principles of Jefferson and his axioms
of free society: "And yet they are denied and evaded
with no small show of success. One dashingly calls
them 'glittering generalities' and another bluntly
calls them 'self-evident lies.' And others insidiously
argue that they apply only to superior races. Those
expressions, differing in form, are identical in object
and effect — the supplanting of the principles of free
government and restoring those of classification, caste
and legitimacy."
Very true. But Mr. Hearst said in 1898: "We are
under no obligation to give equal citizenship to the
inferior races and natives of these islands," and the
principles of Jefferson have been successfully evaded
in the South, where Colonel Bryan expects 120 elec
toral votes, by the complete disfranchisement and
degradation of the negro.
When the blacks down there attempted to use the
equality in which Lincoln believed and the ballot
given them by the Federal constitution. Senator Till
man said: "We shot them. We stuffed ballot boxes.
We used fraud and tissue ballots.'*
We beg to suggest to Colonel Bryan that he go
South and quote Lincoln and do missionary work
among his own supporters in behalf of the Govern
ment by consent, which has been taken from our fel
low citizens, who outnumber all the millions of the
Spanish islands. ¦
the nation, its press end its Government is distinctly
symptomatic of moral decay. Self-deception is the
first sign by which the malady is diagnosed. Colonel
Stoffel, in his famous volume of reports from Berlin
in which before the great catastrophe of 1870 he sets
forth the strength of Prussia and the weakness of
France, places his finger upon precisely the same
habit of self-deception as the most fatal feature in
France."
By way of specific instances of weakness the writer
says: "Never before in our military history have
such incidents happened as that at Sanna's Post, 'when
1200 enemies routed or captured 2000 British troops;
or Spion Kop, where 800 Boers drove ignominiously
back 20,000 British fighting men under the best of
our War Office generals." He attributes the disas
ters to the lack of military training on the part of
British officers, and intimates that in the presence of
a foe of anything like equal strength the army would
go to pieces from the lack of intelligent leadership.
The navy is declared to be about as badly managed
as the army. Thus it is said: "At this actual moment
the French have at Cherbourg and Brest no less than
eighteen battleships and fourteen cruisers, all mod
ern or modernized throughout. Britain has at this
moment twenty-five battleships and twenty-three
cruisers in commission in home waters, but when we
look into the catalogue of our battleships the greatest
misgivings are felt. Not only are fifteen of the
twenty-five of antiquated design, too often with old
boilers and a great amount of inflammable wood in
their hulls, but actually four of our vessels carry the
muzzle-loader a3 a part — if not the main part — of their
armor."
These statements are certainly weighty enough to
give rise to serious apprehension on the part 61- re
flecting Britons, for the danger of a great war is cer
tainly too imminent to be disputed. Well may the
National Review in forecasting the future exclaim,
"Oh, for one hour of the mighty Cromwell!"
THE SAN FHAJSCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, AUGUST 25, 3000.
"The facts.", was the reply... -;„.*•¦<
"I beg your Honor's pardon," said Sam
grandiloquently; "you may find me guilty
on de facts, your Honor, but I respective
ly maintains dat I'm innercent on de tech
nicalities."—Life.
The spread of education in the South is
rapidly developing the negro, and his
highest ambition ie to be a lawyer and a
statesman. Occasionally his exertions pet
htm before the court rather earlier than
he plans. Samuel Jackson Esq., who had
read some law, found himself before the
Judge for some little irregularity with the
fifth commandment. • The case was clear
"Guilty," said the Judge. . -
"What on?" asked the important Sam
uel. ' ¦.;•¦•¦'¦••
(\ STRONG PLEA.
• The Supreme Court has under consideration the
very interesting question whether or not a man can
be killed by bad whisky. Perhaps it might be asking
the learned Justices too much to sample some of the
brands sold on Market street.
The "lady" smuggler who skirted herself with duti
able silks and now demands that her captors be repri
manded for catching her ought to remember that
one must neither go into court with unclean skirts nor
with too many.
It is stated that by this census the population of
Cincinnati will be leis' than that of Cleveland, and if
so we may expect to hear the fellow citizens of John
R. McLean denouncing Mark Hanna for stuffing the
returns.
Jobbery has become so frequent and notorious in
the School Department that it might not be unwise
for the Board of Education to do something decent
just for the sake of novelty.
The people of Omaha ought to be interested in that
old story of the lost tribes of Israel. It would be in
teresting to discover how the Nebraska eity "shrank"
from a population of 140,000 to 102,000 in ten years.
WIT OF THE INDIAN.
There was a lawyer in the Indian coun
try who had none too good a reputation
for honesty. One of the aborigines em
ployed him to do a little lesral business.
It was done to the client's satisfaction, the
fee duly paid and a receipt for it duly de
manded.
"A receipt isn't necessary," the lawyer
said.
"But I want it," replied the red man.
There was some argument, and the attor
ney finally demanded his reason.
"Since becoming a Christian I have been
very careful in all my dealings, that I
may be ready for the judgment," an
swered the bravo sententiously, "and
when th'at day tomes I don't want to take
time to gx» to the bad place to get my re
ceipt from you."
The receipt was made out and delivered
promptly.— Philadelphia Call.
BRITISH ALARMISTS.
rOR many a year past fears of an invasion have
been common among certain classes of the Brit
ish people. These fears have been made use of
at every good opportunity by politicians desirous o!
rousing up opposition to the Ministry in power at
the time. There has probably never been a Prime
Minister in Great Britain since the Napoleonic wars
who has not been charged by his opponents with sur
rendering British interests abroad and leaving the
island itself exposed to foreign invasion*. Such at
tacks, however, have been intended mainly for cam
paign uses. When the men who have made them get
into power they go on in the old way, and it is then
the turn of their opponents to use the alarm argu
ment and denounce them for neglecting the safety and
preservation of the empire.
It is expected there will be a dissolution of Parlia
ment within a short time, and a general election in the
fall. That gives a stimulus to the alarmists, and ac
cordingly the British press is teeming with warning?
of all sorts of disaster likely to befall the country un
less the Government provide a more adequate means
of offense and defense. Most of the alarmists are
hardly of much more importance than the calamity
howler in the United States, but now and then one of
them supports his assertions of danger by arguments
so well founded and by reasons of such serious im
port they are deserving of careful study. Such men
prove there are genuine weaknesses in Britain's mili
tary and naval armament, and that a war with a strong
and resolute foe might actually end in a descent upon
England and the capture of London.
6
PARIS HORSES WEAR BONNETS.
Special Information supplied dally :o
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 ilon;
Somery st. Telephone Main 1041 »
Dr. Siesrert's Angostura Bitters. th« m"st
efficacious stimulant to excite the appetite
keeps the digestive organs in order.
A DEFINITION.
Johnny— Pa says he's a fellow that doe*
something 1 he wouldn't do If he had tim^
to sit down and think about it first Chi-
cago Times-Herald.
Teacher— Can you tell me what •
hero is?
Townsend's California place fruits. oOc a
pound in fire-etched boxes or Jap baskets
<539 Market street. Palace Hotel. •
Best eyeglasses, specs. ir>c to -t'V. Look
out for SI Fourth, front barhox store. •
Butter scotch. I uttr>r logs, caramels mo-
lasses buttercups. Townsend's.tEJ>. I'ala. e*
Cream kisses. TowBSend'vi O, Palace, •
Delicious pineapples at TownMixj'ft •
Splendid Cal. glace cherries. Townsond'.-'.*
Peanut crisps. Townsenrl's. 633 Palace. •
AUCTION SAI.ES.
Vy Chase A Mondenhall— Th!s day. Draft Horses, at 17S2
JLMUSEJUENTS.
Grand Cj»ra -h ->un« — "Bapho."
California- I>»*. the Hypnotist.
Tivol!— "Tannhauper."
Alcazar— "Sarho."
<V.!uml/Ia— "The Only Way."
< 'r; h«»uiii — Vaudeville.
olyropla, corner Mason and Eddy streets— Specialties.
Chutes. Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville e\'ery afternoon and
tvealng.
K.F<~her'» — Vaudeville.
Alta Theater. Ciroie etreet — "Vnde Tom'e Cabin."
KVcreation Park— Baseball.
Futro Paths— Op^n nights.
Ftate Fair. Saeramer.t<>— September S to 15.
n i i i ' i i i 1 — i —
THE MOST
DANGEROUS
OCCUPATION
IN CAUFORNSA.
Experience of the man who follows it
*** TRAINING HORSES *&
FOR THE GERMAN ARMY.
Phcts* of the trainers at work at
Baden. CaL
• f Camille d'Arville ; ;
A Tells Why She Prefers &
t Wedhck to the Stage. t
, THE MOTOR- '
don't miss MAN'S SIDE OF THE STORY. ™e
TrtE - svnro/ir
CHEAT CALL
MAGAZINE LEADS
* E * T '°" What's Doing in Paris. J^JUl
~ By GSNEVIEVE GREEN.
HOW TO DRESS THE BABY.
NEXT SUNDAY'S CALL r$25,OOO for Flying Machines.
The American Government Is to devote $25,000
to the purpose of experimenting with flying
machines to. ascertain their practicability for
use In the army. This Is a large sum to use
for an experiment, and yet It cannot compare
with that spent uselessly by those who experi
ment with various so-called- dyspepsia cures.
Take Hostetter's Stomach Bitters and avoid
expense and uncertainty. - It Is made expressly
to cure constipation, dyvepsla and all -stomach
disorders. ¦ ¦ ¦ j 1 . ¦ .. •
Probably Horsethieves.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 21.— A teleprram
has been received at the Interior Depart
ment from Acting Superintendent Goode
of Yellowstone Park, as follows: "Two
men 'suarding thirty head of horses at
tempted to pass through the park on the
20th. I held their stock and the men dis
appeared. They are evidently horse
thieves. Civil officers are looking for them,
and havs sent descriptions of the brands
on the horses to the stock inspectors of
Montana, Wyoming and Tdaho."
COAST NEWS IN BRIEF.
TT7I..AKB, Auk. 24. — Tulare citizens have
voted a tax of J1200 for the purpose of enlarg
ing the building in which the cltru3 and agri
cultural fair ia to be held next November.
SAN ANDREAS, Aug. 24.— All bids were re
j^cted on the Masonic-Odd Fellows building
to-day. The building committee decided to
build it themselves. It will be a $10,000 brick
bulldlnz.
PANTA CRUZ, Aug. 24.— The McKlnley and
Roosevelt l>rlll Corps ordered their uniforms
to-day. They are to be the regulation rough
rider khaki suit of coat, trousers, leggings and
roush-rider hat.
PORTLAND, Or., Aug. 24.— Much anxiety is
expressed by hop growers lest the rain which
commenced yesterday may continue and causu
mcl<l to set in. The total yield for the State
is estimated at 75,000 bales.
LOS AXOEI.ES, Aug. 24.— Little Emily Galll.
the daughter of poor Italian parents, died at
the County Hospital last night from the effects
of burns last Wednesday morning, the result
of playing with matches.
SANTA ROSA, Aug. 24.— The hopgrowers of
Sonoma County met at the Courthouse to-day
and discussed the question of picking the crop.
The price cf picking was fixed at 90 cents per
hundred pounds. There will be a poor crop.
SANTA CRUZ. Aur. 23.— Herman Temple of
Rathb^ne Sisters held a picnic to-day at Isbel
Orove In honor of Past Grar.d Chief Mrs. Fitz
gprald of Sacramento and Grand Manager Mrs.
Maud Sheehau, both of whom are here on a
visit.
PHOENIX, Ariz., Aug. 24.— A telegram re
ceived here to-day states that N. C. Wilson, a
prominent merchant of this city, who had been
given up as lost and dead in the mountains
fifty miles south of Flagstaff, has been found
alive and well.
SPOKANE, Wash., Aug. 24.— E. F. Gilpln of
Buffalo Hump, Idaho, is in Spokane to com
plete arrangements for building an electric
tramway, fifty miles long, from Grangeville
to Buffalo Hump. It will carry freight, pas-
Kengers and ore, and is to be completed in
eliht months.
VALLEJO, Aug. 24.— Foreman Mason Dentoof
the Yards and Docks Department at Mare Isl
and, accidentally drove the point of a pickax
through his foot this afternoon. Mr. Denlo Is
president of the Board of "Works in the city
government. The injury Is not dangerous un
less blood poisoning sets in.
SANTA ROSA. Aug. 24.— In Judge Dougher
ty's court to-day the motion to strike out and
the demurrer In the action of the City of Santa
Rosa asrainst the Fountain Water Company
were argued and submitted to the court. This
Is the action in which the city seeks to have
Peter's spring condemned for medicinal pur
poses.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. Aug. 24.— J. F.
DavidFon. assistant professor of Romanic lan
guages at Stanford, has accepted the. position
of professor of Romanic languages In the Unl
rersity of Cincinnati. His family, which resides
near the campus, will leave In a few days for
the East. Xo one has as yet been chosen to
succeed Professor Davidson at Stanford.
BAKERFFIELD, Aug. 24.— A fully developed
case of smallpox was discovered this afternoon
and caused considerable excitement. The af
flicted man is a stranger, giving his name as
A. O. Bogue. from P.awllns, Wyo. He is now
quarantined in a hut near the County Hospital,
whore he Is bring closely guarded. Bogue ar
rived here Thursday evening from Hanford.
where he had been treated a couple of days
for malaria.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN RAFAEL, Aug. 24.— Mill Valley is
the scene of unbounded enthusiasm and
excitement to-night. The anti-incorpora
tionists held a mass-meeting In Grctchol's
Hall, which was packed to the doors. The
election takes place to-morrow, when the
voters will decide whether or not the place
shall be incorporated.
Never in the history of the county has
such an election battle been waged with
?n much Intensity and energy. To-day the
so-called "Mount Tamalpais Land and
Water Company party" hung a banner
across the main street. It was immediate
ly met by two forty-foot banners of the
opposition. Everywhere there are cartoons
In oil executed with big brushes portray
ing what a desolate and deserted village
the place will be if incorporation falls.
Four pages of a Fpecial edition of the
local paper are devoted to the cause ot
incorporation. Among several cartoons la
one of a young mother nestling her babe
to her breast. Under the picture the
voter's eye sees, "Vote 'yes' for the sake
of these." The papers were distributed
from the land and water company's office
this afternoon by the hundreds. A prac
tical joker in the ranks of the opposition
bought about "i00 copies of the paper from
the small boys who were giving them
away and sunk them in Mill Valley Creek.
At the meeting to-night the opposition
raked the incorporationists over the coala
and invited them to come to the platform
and defend their position. Speeches were
made by Irvine Hensley and O'Brien. Bon
fires burned merrily in the streets and
several hundred Japanese lanterns orna
mented the town.
«.
HYPNOTISM A CURE
FOR MENTAL MALADY
Strange Case of George Conrad of
f Fresno at the State Hospital for
the Insane at Stockton.
STOCKTON, Aug. 21.-George Conrad,
committed to the Stockton State Hospi
tal from Fresno eleven months and four
days ago, suffering from melancholia, so
far recovered after being twice hypno*
tized that he was allowed to accompany
his mother home last evening, where the
hypnotic treatment will be continued.
Conrad's insanity was due to the fact
that playmates had m»de him believe
that he was accused of setting fire to a
barn at Fresno, the flre causing the
death of forty horses. Conrad cut his
throat with suicidal intent shortly after
ward, but his life was saved by prompt
medical aid. He was then committed to
the Stockton State Hospital, and during
his stay at. the institution he hardly ut
tered a word. After being hypnotized
twice he laughed and chatted with his
mother, and the improvement was so
marked that Medical Superintendent .
Clark permitted him to go nome.
MAN WITHOUT A STOMACH
SUCCUMBS TO CANCER
Louis Palumbo Dies at Fresno of the
Disease Which Doctors Tried
in Vain to Cure.
FRESNO. Aug. 24.— Louis Palumbo, a
native of Italy aged 56 years, died last
night f i»)m cancer of the stomach. His
was a notable case by reason of having
had a portion of the stomach removed In
the French Hospital in San Francisco to
cure him of the cancer. The case was
considered a/surgical triumph. For near
ly a vcar after the operation he was able
to labor and digested his meals as if the
stomach was whole.
Capture of Fugitive Winegard.
REDDING, ~ug. 24.— Charles WInegard,
who is wanted In San Joaquin County to
answer the charge of -felony embezzle
ment and who escaped from Sheriff Behr
ens and Marshal Fisher recently, was ar
rested at Mcdford, Ore., to-day. .WIne
gard was traced, to Medford by a letter
which he sent to his affianced in Amador
County.
WARM CAMPAIGN
IN MILL VALLEY
Advocates and Opponents of Incor
poration Close the Contest in a
Blaze of Enthusiasm and
Excitement.
ORIENTALS IN VINEYARDS.
Bpedal Di."»r>atch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, Aug. 24.— Senator Charles M.
Rhortrldge Its llnancially embarrassed, and
to-day his paper, the Evening Herald,
was taken possession of by creditors. For
several months the paper has been hav
ing a hard time meeting its bills. The
employes have not been paid regularly,
and the young lady compositors have been
on the verge of striking several times.
Besides, San Jose Typographical Union
has been pressing Shortridge to 'unionize
his paper.
W. E. Croesman of the real estate firm
of Crossman & Orvis, is now in possession
of the paper, representing many of the
large creditors. He refused to say how
much the Herald was Involved, bu,t those
who claim to know say the total indebt
edness of the paper will foot up nearly
$20,000. This is about all it would bring
under forced pale. The Senator purchased
the paper a little over a year ago for $30,
000. Ten thousand dollars of the money
he paid H. H. Main for the Herald he se
cured from a local bank on a note for that
amount Indorsed by J. H. Henry. Jona
than Sweigert and W. E. Crossman. and
it is the pressing demand by the First
National Bank on the Senator for this
money that has forced the paper Into
Mr. Crossman's hands. A short time ago
a chattel mortgage on the Herald plant
went on record for the First National
Bank for $2000, and another in favor of J.
H. Henry, W. E. Crossman and Jonathan
Sweigert for $S000. During the past month
several small attachments have been
levied against the paper, but after short
duration were raised.
\V. E. Crossman will now run the Her
ald in the Interests of the creditors until
the paper can be sold, and will be repre
sented in the business management of the
paper by Roy Norton. There will be no
change made In the Herald, which Is Re
publican, while it remains In Mr. Cross
man's hands. A company of Democrats
is now paid to be figuring on its purchase.
Four Thousand Japanese and Chinese
on Fresno Ranches.
S:*w!;ii Dlsnatch to The Call.
FRKSNO, Aug. 24.— During the last few
week.s the usual influx of Chinese and
Japanese laborers into this county to
work in the orchards and vineyards has
taken place, but the number has been un
usually large, especially for Japanese. It
is estimated that at least 4000 of them
have arrived here during the last three
week."!. Early In the Kea.%in a number of
local labor contractors conceived the Idea
of importing Indians from Arizona, but
the experiment did not work as well as
was expected and people who had grapes
to pick had to resort to Chinese and Jap
anese. White labor Is very scarce here
this year and high wages are paid.
INTERESTS THE COAST.
Postoffice Changes and I/ist of Pen-
sions Granted.
S:er!cl DisDatrh to Th* Call.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 24.-The postofflce
at Zucker, San Bernardino County, Is dis
rontinued. Mail should be sent to Onta
rio.
Postmasters commissioned: Homer C.
Atweli. Forest Grove, Or.: Carra I^a von
Jennings. Port Crescent. Wa9h.
Pensions issued: California— Original-
Charles A. Tousenfreund. San Francisco,
$S; Edward S. Ilatman, ?6. Additional-
Joseph R- Aushutz. $12. Increase — George
\\ . Moliere, $S: Michael Agen. J3; George
T. Hill, Ventura. $S. Mexican war wldo'wr
—Nancy Matthews, Los Angeles. tS.
Oregon— Increase — Noah St. John, Can
5-onvHle. JS: Cyrus W. Jackson, Drain, $25.
Original widow — Electa Richardson, Fall
City. $8. • '
Washington— Orlgnal— Reuben r'ardee,
Thorp. $8. Additional— Amos P. Curry.
Spokane. tS. Increase — William A. Plantz,
New Whatcom. $17: Hen - .. Fuller. Sol
diers' Home, Ortingr, $8.
To Arbitrate Wages Question.
VANCOUVER. B. C. Aug. 24.— A special
from Winnipeg this evening states that at
a conference held there this evening be
tween Manager Whyte of the Canadian
Pacific Railway and representatives of the
striking machinists it wan agreed to sub
mit the question of wages, now practically
the only difficulty, to arbitration. Cana
dian Pacific conductors, trainmen and en
gineers will meet in Winnipeg on S5unda.y
to discuss the strike situation.
EDITOR -SENATOR
LOSES HIS PAPER
Creditors Seize the Herald, an Even
ing Newspaper of San Jose, Here
tofore Conducted by Charles
2kl. Shortridge.
Special DlFiiatch to The Call.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Aug. 24.—
! The university is assuming an air of ac
tivity which heralds the approach of an
other college year. Registrar Elliott ha?
been busy for the past week filing the
numerous applications of new students
and making preparations for registering
the new class, which promises to be the
largest in the history of the university.
The appearance of the campus has beeT
greatly changed during the summer by
the erection of many new buildings Tlr»
Delta Gamma and Alpha Phi Fraternity
houses will be ready tor occupancy next
week, and houses for the Chi Psi and
Kappa Alpha Theta fraternities are well
under way. In addition to these Mrs.
Stanford has erected four large houses
which will be occupied by members of the
faculty.
AVork on the university buildings is pro
gressing rapidly. The postofflce building
la completed and work on the chapel and
science hall is being rushed. A largo
force of men is also engaged in excavat
ing for the foundations of the chemistry
building, which is situatel near the mu
seum, and of the history, English and
engineering buildings, which form part of
the outer quadrangle.
The law department will occupy the
building formerly used as the library
The interior has been remodeled to meet
the demands of the department and now
contains two large recitation rooms, three
ofilces for the heads of the department
and a commodious library room. The
number of volumes in the law library has
been greatly increased by the addition of
tho library of Justice Stephen Field
which was presented to Mrs. Stanford by
Mrs. Field.
There will be many changes in the
faculty the coming year. Professor-Osa
than Abbott returns to tako his former
position at the head of the law depart
ment. James Parker ¦all, professor of
law at Buffalo University, has also been
added to the staff of this department.
Burt Estees Howard of Los Angeles will
take the place of Professor Fetter of tha
economics department, who has a year's
leave of absence. Professor James Owen
Griffin, German; Professor David E. tipen
cer, history, and Professor A. T. Murray,
Greek, all of whom have spent the past
year abroad, will return this year and
resume their work.
The schedule for the opening week is
as follows: Entrance examinations, Sep
tember 1-5; registration of matriculated
students, September 4-5; registration of
new students. September 6; instruction be
gins. September 7.
SOCIALIST LABOR PARTY
MAKES NOMINATIONS
Delegates Meet at Los Angeles and
Choose Candidates in Four of
the Congressional Districts.
LOS ANGELES, Aug. 24.— The State
convention of the Socialist Labor party
was held to-day and the following Con
gressional nominations made:
Second Congressional District, A. O
Warrington of Stockton.
Fourth District, G. B. France of San
Francisco.
Sixth District, Fred N. Tuttle of San
Pedro.
Seventh District, George Edwards.
? •
Riverside Republican Nominees.
RIVERSIDE. Aug. 24.— The Republican
County Convention met here to-day and
placed in nomination Joseph S. Noyes for
Superior Judge, Captain A. S. Mlhco for
the Assembly and Fred Dunbar for Su
pervisor of the Third District.
Fatalities at Juneau and Skaguay.
SEATTLE. Aug. 24.— Henry Malley and
Harry Johiflpon were killed in the Mexican
mine atJuneau recently because they en
tered a mine too soon after a blast wad
fired. ; « .
A man named Erickson burned to death
In his cabin at Skaguay recently.
Children Killed by Lightning.
MILWAUKEE. Wis., Aug. 24.— During
a storm to-night two little children of
Charles Zunker were killed by a bolt of
lightning while at play in a barn on their
father's farm, two' mile3 north of the
city. The County Hospital was struck ;by
lightning and a section of the roof torn
away.
Preparations at the University for
Next College Year — New Frater
nity and Other Buildings
Ready for Occupancy.
STANFORD'S NEW
CLASS IS LARGE
Deadlock in a Washington Republi
can Council, Which Has Already
Voted 75O Times.
mRT TOWNSEND. Wash.. Aug. 24.—
The Republican District Convention for
the nomination of a Superior Judge for
the counties of Jefferson. Island and Clal
lam has now be«-n in pension two weeks
and has taken 7a0 ballots, the result on
the last ballot being the same as on the
tirst. The vote is as follows: James G.
McCUnton. 3; George C. Hatch. 6: W. W.
Felger. 9. It Is understood the Hatch and
McCUnton delegates have agreed to re
main solid against Felger until the ex
piration of the time for nominating and
then both com* before the people on peti
tion.
IN FAVOR OF BOULEVARD.
Judge Angellottl Decides Against
Burbanks in the Tiburon Case.
Er^rlal Dlscatch to The Call.
PAN* RAFAEU Aug. 24.— Superior Judge
.*r.pellotti to-day handed down a decision
of much interest to the people here. I;i
the case of George W. Burbanks vs. th-;
Board of Supervisors the court denied the
plaintiff's ai'plication for a writ oi cft
tiorari. Mr. Burhanks sought to prevent
the Supervisor? from continuing the con-
Ftruction of the Tiburon boulevard on
the ground that the titles to the roadbed
*ere defective find conveyed no valid title
to the right-of-way. Mr. Burbanks has
bf>en an unyielding opponent of the boule
vard since Its commencement. Whether
he will carry tf-.e. matter to the higher
courts Is not known.
IN" MEMORY OF A HERO.
Mill Valley People Subscribe $1000
for Engineer Thomas' Widow.
gjxvial Dispatch to The Call.
SAX RAFAEL. Aug. 24.— The widow of
the heroic ty.Rir.eer. B. G. Thomas, who
lost his life in the Mount Tamalpais Rail
road accident iast Wednesday, is being
promptly and generously remembered by
the people of Mill Valley. It is stated that
a subscription taken for her benefit al
ready amounts to over HOW.
American Capitalists Will Inaugu
rate an Enterprise That May
Revolutionize an Indus
try on This Coast.
Pl>ecial Pistatrh to Th« Call.
SAN DIEGO, Aug. 24.-Oneral W. E.
Webb and L. B. Howard, who are Inter
ested in the TepuPtete iron mines down
the coast, are authority for the statement
That a furnace is to be built here to smelt
190 t<>ns of ore by the caloriilc process, in
vented by Mr. Trapp. Oil will be used
as fuc-1. aryl great things are predicted
from i ho inauguration of the enterprise.
The furnace treats all ores with equal
purees*, and a consignment of 100 tons
of koM ore and another i**-* tons of cop
per "re are rromiped in the near future.
The single furnace, which will handle
about thirty tons f>f ore per day, will cost
abdtii (2000, bin it will thoroughly demon-
Ktrate the feasibility of the process,
¦which. !f encoesful. will revolutionize the
Iron industry on this coast. About 1500
tons of retined iron and steel are now
used daily on this ooast, and it is believed
that a plant turning out 600 tons a day
could be puceessfully operated here.
Surh a ftnfltfr would cost about tlOO.QOO,
and would employ several hundred men.
General O'Brien of San Francisco is Inter
« sted in the project with Messrs. Howard
a:id Webb.
CONVENTION BALLOTS TWO
WEEKS WITHOUT RESULT
TO SMELT MEXICAN
IRON ORE AT SAN DIEGO
CHAPTER I.
Y AKEPORT. Aug. 24.— Away back In
i , the musty past one of "Doc"
j Thomas D. Gardiner's ancestors
{ j was bitten by a dog. What the
nature of the provocation was the
family chronicler docs not record, but the
occurrence marked a new epoch in the
Gardiner history. Since then, through
generation after generation, descendants
of the luckless ancient have waged re
lentless warfare against all the canine
tribe.
Years ago "Doc" Gardiner hung up a
gilded tooth in front of his newly openei
dental parlors here. His advent brought
the feud to Lakeport and the dogs of thia
inland metropolis knew no peace. When
he journeyed down the streets by day
four-footed friends of man scattered like
picnic rioters before a squad of bluecoats.
Oft in the stilly night a plaintive ki-yl
gave evidence that some luckless cur had
been taken unawares.
CHAPTER n.
In his room at one of Lakeport's lead
ing hotels, "Doc" Gardiner kept a store
of large firecrackers. When the bark of
a dog was heard he arose from his coucn,
raised a window and threw out one of
the explosives. It mattered not that the
detonation caused every cur in the town
to join In the midnight chorus. "Doc"
I^akeport, smarting under the memory of
countless wrongs, had gathered to assert
their rights. As "Doc" Gardiner's fire
crackers fell among them they struggled
and fought, as though each sought to be
the first to seize the dangerous bombs
and rend them asunder.
"Wall, if I don't swan to goodness if
them curs ain't screnadin' the 'Doc' good
and plenty!" exclaimed one old-timer.
"It do beat all I ever seen afore," com
mented another.
For two hours the battle raged. Then
the bombardment from the Gardiner win
dow ceased. The "Doc's" ammunition wa«
exhausted. Throughout the small hours
the canine chorus made night hideous in
Lakeport.
CHAPTER IV.
"With the coming of dawn Lakeporfs
population hastened to the scene of the
disturbance to investigate, and when the
first rays of light crept over the eastern
hills the mystery was explained. The
vacant lot was alive with dogs and each
of them was tied: unexploded firecrack
ers littered the ground; a long garden
hose, attached to a nearby hydrant, lay
where It hajl been left when lack of am
munition in the room above rendered it
no longer necessary.
Suspicion points to two young men
locally notorious as practical jokers.
"Doc" Gardiner vows vengeance. While
he awaits a new supply of ammunition
from San Francisco the bowwows of
Lakeport hold nightly revel.
Gardiner true to his family traditions,
continued the bombardment until satis
fled that he had done his duty. Then he
retired to his couch and slumbered peace
fully.
Old residents of Lakeport declare that
in his younger days "Doc" Gardiner couil
hear the bark of a dog nine miles away.
CHAPTER IH.
But now there is a surcease to the woe3
of I^akeport's colony of bowwows, and
the market value of firecrackers has gone
skyward. When one night recently some
reckless canine emitted a yelp under
"Doc" Gardiner's window and there fol
lowed no explosion all I^akeport marveled.
When the yelp was succeeded by a chorus
of barks and iwhines anu howls and yet
there came no answering volley wonder
gave way to alarm.
"The 'Doc' must be putty sick," sug
gested ono late rounder.
"Perhaps he's been took with rheuma
tics." ventured a comrade. "Something
ought to he did."
There was a general exodus toward the
hotel. Five minutes later the street i'.i
front of the hostelry was filled with awe
ptruck natives. Did their eyes deceive
them? The vacant lot beneath the oid
man's window seemed in the darkness to
be crowded with snarling and yelping
curs. From the buttress above more
descended a stream of sputtering fuse*,
which wore extinguished ore they scarcely
touched the ground. To the gaping on
lookers it appeared that- all the dogs of
SNAPSHOTS OF THE CANINE MUSIC ALE AT LAKEPORT.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
FRESNO. Aug. 24.— The town of Dlnuba.
In Tulare County, was swept by fire thl3
evening. As a result the four principal
business buildings of the town are in
nshes. The lnss is estimated at from
$20,000 to $25,000, only a small part of which
is covered by Insurance. 'While fighting
the flames eight persons were injured.
The fire broke out Just before 4 oVlock
In th»> rear of the wooden hotel building
conducted by Miller & Doyle. It origi
nated in the explosion of a can of gaso
line In the hotel kitchen. The flames
quickly destroyed the hotel and spread to
an adjoining three-story brick structure
owned by C. J. Craycroft of this city. In
this building was situated the office of
the Long Distance Telephone Company.
The third building destroyed was a one
story brick erected only a short time ago.
From this the fire jumped to a large
building adjoining and before it could be
checked it was also burned.
The citizens of the town formed a
bucket brigade and fought the flames he
roically. A telegram asking for assistance
was sent to this city and a railroad switch
engine equipped for fighting fire was dis
patched' to help the residents of the burn
ing town. After three hours' hard work
the flames were checked.
Eight persons were injured during the
progress of the fire, four of them seri
ously. M. E. Weddle, a well-known resi
dent, attempted to earn,' a quantity of
inflammable material out of one of the
burning buildings. It exploded in his
hands and he was badly cut about the
head and arms by the flying fragments.
Others seriously cut and burned while
fighting the flames are: J. Williams, F.
M. McCaslin, and J. Kolb. The other four
were only slightly cut about the neck and
head.
Fire Again Baging Along the San
Gabriel River.
FLAMES IN FORESTS.
PASADENA, Aug. 24.— Fire is raging
again on the west fork of the San Ga
briel River and indications to-night are
that serious devastation will result. The
fire fighters are being pent into the moun
tains as rapidly as possible and it la
hoped a repetition of the damage done
In the same district a few weeks ago will
be prevented.
Fine Countrv Home Burns.
Special Dispntch to The Call
NEWMAN. Aug. 24.— The beautiful
country residence of A. G. Stonesifer, one
mile north of this place, was destroyed by
flrj last nlKht. The fire is attributed- to a
defective flue. The inmates ¦were asl*>«>p
at the time the fire started, and escaped
only with a scant sujiply of clothing.
Nothing was saved from the building. The
house was built and furnished some ten
years ag-o at a cost of about $15,000. In
surance of $6o00 was carried on the prop
erty. The house will be rebuil. at once.
FLAMES SWEEP DINUBA!
EIGHT MEN ARE INJURED
Four of the Principal Business Build
ings of the Tulare County
Town in Ruins.
While Fighting the Fire a Number of Citizens
Are Hurt, Some Seriously— Fresno Sends
Aid in Response to an Appeal.
.^*<-1a.l Dlssatch to The Call.
REDDIXG, Aug. 24.— Big Bend Hot
Spring! is on© of nature's queer freaks,
end Us wonder* attract many persons.
The locality of this laboratory of nature
Is about sixty miles northeast of Red
d'.r.g. One of the extraordinary s'ghts
there is the "Devil's Kitchen," ben«ath
*v}-.:ch. under a tbin crust of eaj-lh. the
waters boll and bubble. Until a few days
ago no one knew that the boiling streams
were so close to the surface. The dis
covery was made by Mrs. t>. A- Dowling.
who is now suffering great agronv as the
result of accidental immersion in the
seething waters.
Mr. and Mrs. Dowling have been spend
ing a vacation in that region, and a few
•iays ago decided to visit the "DeviTa
Kitchen." They were traversing: a well
Katen path when suddenly the rarth pave
way under Mrs. D-nvlinpr and with a
fhriek she fell, encompassed by a cloud
of eteam. one of h»>r limbs to the thigh
l»»insr immerspi] in a boiiins stream. Her
husband, attracted by her piercing
pcreams, ran to her rescue. She was re
mov*>d to the c.imr and yesterday brouprht
to this city. When Sirs. I3owlinsr's stock-
Ing- was removed the cuticle p<>eled from
the flesh. She suffered intensely, but is
row in a fair way toward recovery.
WMle She Is Exploring a Bemark
able Cavern the Thin Crust of
Earth Gives Way Be
neath Her.
SUFFERS SERIOUS INJURIES
Mrs. Dowling of Redding
Falls Into a Stream of
Boiling Water.
WOMAN'S AWFUL
EXPERIENCE IN
DEYIL'S KITCHEN
THE SAX FRANCISCO ,CALL, SATURDAY, AUGUST 25, 1900.
LAKEPORT CANINES AVENGED
OR, EVERY DOG HAS HIS DAY
Voters of all the parties ought to vote
for and send Dr. C. CO'Donnell. .thV in
dependent candidate, to Congress from
the Fourth District. We need him in
Congress because the restriction act Is
about to expire. He will speak from ths
corner of Sixth and Market streets Satur-;
day evening. .
7
Both Postuni Food CofTee and Graoe-
N'ut< breakfast food are made from
selected parts of the field arains that
contain dciicate particle?; of phosphate
sf potash and albumen. These two ele-
tnent* combine in the human bodv to
r.'.urk'.y rebuild the crav matter in the
irain and in the nerve centers thwujjh-
>iit the body.
J} : rect. ?ure and certain results come
tr j* '.heir use and can be proven bv
raj person that cares to make the trial.
Both the Postum Food Coffee and
jrape-Nuts are kept by all first-class
rrocers.
Thrre is a reason for this: in the first
place, coffee acts as a direct nerve de-
stroyer on many highly organized peo-
ple, both younj? and old. and manv
people haven't the knowledjre to select
"otrri^hir.jr. healthful, rebuilding food.
An oid lady advised him to quit cof-
?ce and drink Postttxn Cereal Food Cof-
fee and to -eat Grape-Xuts breakfast
food every morning He took the ad*
vice, and has Rained twelve pound?.
Says: he is ns weji as he ever *'as and
can take 3onji trips in the mountains,
wr.irh he has been unable to do for a
long time.
When a change in food can rebuild a
man 77 years of ajje, it is evidence that
there is some value in a knowledge that
can discriminate in the selection of
proper food to rebuild the bodv. A few
months ego the physician attending
Warren S. Johnson of Colfax. Cal.. 77
years old. told him that death from old
£;re would soon claim him. He suffered
from general weakness and debility.
Gains 12 lbs. on Change of Food.
A MOUNTAIN CLIMBER.
GRAPE-NUTS.
GRAND OPERA. MOUSE
MATINEE TO'DAY.
LAST TWO NIGHT3
"SAF*HO"
MONDAY.
"THE SILVER K.IPXCS."
WILTOX LACKAYE as The Silver Kin*.
PRICES 10c. 15c. 25c. 50c.
A few front rows In orchestra 73c
Branch Ticket Office — Emporium.
MATINEE TO- DAT, SATVRDAT. Aug. 25.
Parquet. Kc, any seat; balcony, 10c; children.
10c, any part.
THE WORLD'S GREATEST ARTIST3 IN
FLAWLESS VAUDEVILLE.
NEWSKY TROUPE,
LEW HAWKINS, CAROLINE HULL.
ARNIHI and WAGNER.
FOUK JUGGUJfO JOHNSONS. MRS. BES-
SIE BLITZ-PAXTON. MACAP.TS GREAT
ANIMAL SHOW. SAM MORRIS AND CO..
AMERICAN nrOGUAPH.
¦ ' — — — —
W^^KaiJ fl E '.iSIFtt v»JL«n»
MATINEK TO-PAY!
TO-NTOHT and All NEXT WFTEK,
Matinpps \V«>rin»:»<lay and Saturday.
CHARLES FROilMAN Presents
HENRYMILLER
AND A SPECIAL. COMPANY.
In the Romantic Play,
The ONLY WAY
Adapted by Fr«»«MTi(»n Wills F"mm Charles
Dickens' Novel. "A Tale ot Two Cities."
Seati for next week now ready.
si:nt>at night.
last burton holmes lectxtre.
Subject. "HAWAIIAN ISLANDS."
Curtain Rises at S p. m. Sharp.
MATINEE TO-DAT ar.d ST'NDAT NIGHT.
"MIGN0N."
THIS SATTRDAY EVENING.
"TANNHAUSER."
Next Week: -TANNKAT'SER." Tuesday.
Thursday. Sunday Nlsrhts. Saturday Matinee.
"THF/MASKED BALL." Monday. Wednes-
day. Friday, Saturday Evening*.
Poats on Sale Seven Days Ahend.
POPULAR PRICES— 2j AND 50 CENTS.
MATINEE TO-DAT AT !:15 P. M.
TO-NIGHT TO-MORUOW NIGHT.
LvAST TIMES.
LEE.
THE OREAT HYPNOTIST.
i*"™""^™"™"^^^^""*"^^™! The California
SPECIAL! I Theater will remain
f closed fnr two
wt'f'ks. durlnc which time extensive stage Im-
provements will he made. Th« orrhestra seats
will be overhauled anil the beautiful house will
be made eren more comfortable than ever,
opening Saturday ntjrht. September 9, with
THE AZZALI GRAND ITALIAN OPERA
COMPANY.
Direct From Milan. Italy.
MATINEE TO-PAY AT ».
LAST TWO NIGHTS.
FLORENCE ROBERTS
Supported by WHITE WHITTLESEY.
•neuoau CJ A PXJA
Seats Now Ready FOR NEXT WEEK.
FLORENCE ROBERTS,
'¦F=ROU FROU."
CHUTESjvnd ZOO
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
CANNONTthe Fat Man.
SEABURY, High Diver.
TO-NIGHT f~T0-NIGHT!
BENEFIT CO. F, 1st Regiment N.G.C.
Special Attraction—
SAPHO and a GREAT CAKEWALK.
Telephone for Seats. Park 23.
BASEBALL!
Stockton
Oakland,
TO-DA Y AT 3 P. M.
SUNDAY AT 2:3O P.M.
RECREATION PARK
Eighth and Harrison Street*.
ALTA THEATER.
108 GROVE STREET PHONE SOUTH 22*.
•FRISCO'S FAMILV THEATER.
S ATURDAT-M ATIX EES— STJN'DAT.
ALL THIS WEEK.
"UNCLE TOM'S CABIN."
Prices ioc 20c, »c
_. Next— "EAST LYNNE."
FISCHER'S CONCERT HOUSE.
Eudora Forde. Contralto: the Berlin Sister*
Vocalists; the Waterman Sisters. Coon Son*
Sin-era and Dancers: Martin and Kldffwar.
Fantomlmlsts: Iren* Franklin. Cornetlst.
Reserved S»ats. 25c; Matinee-. Sunday.
SUTRO B«THS.
OPEN NIGHTS.
Open Dally From 7 a., m. to It pi m.
Bathing- F>om 7 a. m. to 10 p. m.
ADMISSION. 10c. CHILDREN*. 5e.
Bathing. Including admission. 23c: children. JOc.
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
IS A GREAT RESTORATIVE. 1>TVIGORA-
¦tor and Nervine.
The most wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic for the Sexual Organs for both aexm.
- The Mexican remedy for Diseases of th« K!tl-
neys and Bladder. ¦ Sells on Its own mertta.
NABER, ALFS & BRUNE. Agents,
823 Market st. 8. F.— (Send tor Circular.!
AMUSEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Address Davol Medicine Co.. 40 Ellis st.. San
Francisco, Cal., Grant Drug Co., 33 & 40 Third st.
The reason sufferers are not cured by Doctors
is because 90 p*r cent are troubled with Pros-
tratitta. Cupidene the only, known remedy to
cur« . without an operation. . 6000 testimonials
Ki-i written guarantee given and money re-
turned If 6 boxes do not effect a Dermanent
cure; $1.00 a box, 6 boxes for 13.00, by mall
-v Send, for free circular and testimonials.
MAnnuuu ncoiuncu Thls preat vegetable
Vitallzer, the prescription or a
.— j^iiML ift-rn famous Prench physician, will
QftEOJEra quickly cure you of all ner-
OjSij38?Kj2 vous or dlspas<>s of thp gencra-
jKfj55feW^»»?f& tlve organs, such as Lost Man-
BySa .-» JsRx hood. Insomnia, Pains In the
«(7 Jt * rajS Hack. Nervous Debility Plm-
JmJ i&MW pies. Exhausting Drains, Varl-
WVtV cocele and ¦ It
__V.. — <*»m» -stoi>s all losses bv day or
night. Cuplden« cleanses the
liver,' the kidneys and the urinary organs of all
Impurities. Cupldcne strengthens and restores
small weak organs.
B W a M
about women's site can be
frankly told by one woman
to another*
Remember that Mrs*
Pinkham is a woman.
Remember that her advice
and medicine have cured
a miliion women of wea'k-
nesses peculiar to their
sex*
Remember that no man
ever sees a letter written
to Mrs. Pinkham for
advice* that the letter Is
opened* road and an-
swered by women, and
no testimonial ever pub-
lished without speoiai
permission. '/
Remember that Lydia E*
Pinkham's Vegetable
Compound is the recog-
nized safeguard of wo-
man's health*
Remember these things
when some other remedy
is suggested, and remem-
ber them when you want
advice* Mrs* Pinkham's
address Is Lynn, Mass*
r "jwa tyecks af R&cin <£
V ENTEF* . NSTFIU GTIOFJ
Exhibit? Carried ..Fr.ee-
Excursion Rates forVisitors.
V/rfte for Particulars to
P E Jf?J-SMIELDS, A.B.SPRECKELS,
SECRETARY. PRESIDENT-
iDR.Mfc-YERS&CO. |
jgpflglpMs^ Diseases and B
<§|gp II Weakness of B
7$fa Men. Estab- jf
'^9 f^flRl 7 to 8 ; Sun- I
* >^r*\'* days 9 to ii.'V y
731 MarKet St., San pranclsco. H
raaKXScfif k *>5ri VhCm IM fik/^^HI
gK> r*Si*S v| ~~" KS £~ thh
33 _ %s B9 sPHa US _B5 A^tES
MARKET ST. Sf StaSr
DR. CROSSMAN'S
SPECIFIC MIXTURE
Fop tho Cure of Gonorrhoea. Gleets.
'•¦Strictures oni analogous complaints
or the Organs of uencrMtion.
Price U a bottle. For sale by druggists.have the rights to produce the musical
comedy "Floradora" that Is at present
having such a big run across the pond.
George Lask expects to superintend the
production of the play in New York, and
then will be sent over to London In the
interests of Fisher, Dunne and Rellly.
George Lask is very popular in the the
atrical profession. He is a member of
the Lambs' Club of Now York and of the
local lodge of Elks. It Is more than prob
able that he will be tendered an Informal
reception before he bids adieu to hia many
friends in this city.
GEORGK E. LASK, Bohemian, club
man and popular yewng stage man
ager of the Tivoli Opera-house for
so many years, has resigned his po
sition and Is going to New York and Lon
don to win fresh laurels as a play pro
ducer. He has been engaged by John A.
Fisher, the well-known theatrical man
ager, and by his contract has to be In
New York not later than the 17th of Sep
tember. Fisher, who formerly starred
Madame Modjeska, !s at present asso
ciated with Dunne and Rellly, and they
GEORGE E. LASK.
Iroquois Braves Meet.
The Iroquois Club held a meeting last
night at Pythian Hall. The members are
not satisfied with the way results of the
election come In. They listened to a long
report of a committee of which Charles
Gildea was chairman in reference to the
respective merits of the different voting
machines. The committee played no fa
vorites and suggested that the club peti
tion the next Legislature to use either a
Standard or McTamony machine. The
banners and flags taken to the Democratic
National Convention by t^.c delegation
were formally presented to the club.
tlon, which Is composed of employes of
the Southern Pacific Company not en
gaged in the running of trains, has, ajf
ter a stormy career of more than twenty
years, attained the objective point laid
down In the by-laws, namely, 1000 mem
bers, and thex now believe that future
sailing will be smooth. It is an.insurance
Institution purely and pays only death
benefits. The next meeting will be rather
In the line of a jubilee.
Have Gained Tiieir Goal.
The Employes' Mutual Benefit Associa-
Vandeveer Is Acquitted.
The case of M. P. Vande veer, charged
with felony embezzlement'on complaint ot
Zellerbach & Sons, was dismissed by
Judge Cabaniss yesterday." The, plea was
raised for the defendant that his compen
sation was on a commission basis, and on
that ground the Judge held that the
charge could not be proved.
Illuminated celebration writing! papers,
envelopes, flags, -bunting, colored .-crepe
papers In red, white, blue and yellow and
decorations of. every description for sale
by Sanborn, Vail & Co., 741 Market street.*
Prepare for the Celebration.
An estimate of the rice acreage In East
era Texas thia year places It at 30,000.
The average watch Is composed ot 176.
different pieces.
¦ ¦ •
Olympic Nominations.
The nominating committee of the Olym
pic Club has completed its labors and
named a ticket. It is the same as the
present administration: William Greer
Harrison for president; H. Mann for vice
president: H. B. Russ for treasurer; J.
J. Hassell for secretary; George James
for track captain; John Hammersmith for
leader: H. V. Ramsdell 'John Elliott, Dr.
O. B. Burns and W. D. Shea for directors.
Professor Newell of the Geological
Survey Meets Co-workers at |
the Banquet Board.
F. H. Newell, chief hydrographer of the
United Stafcs Geological Survey, Is in the
city, for a few days. He is here working
in connection with the California Water
and Forest Association, of which William
Thomas is president. Mr. Newell is mak
ing a survey of the seven rivers of this
State .with 'a view to the future preserva
tion of the fl>>qd waters by the,construc
tion of. restraining dams and other means,
and for the protection and salvation of
the forests of the watersheds. The work
is in charge of the chief b assistant, J. B.
Lippincott.
President Thomas gave a luncheon to
Mr. Newell at a prominent restaurant yes
terday, in which the objects. of the asso
ciation and the Government were gener
ally discussed. Among those present were
Assistant Hydrographer Lippincott; Chief
Justice Beatty, chairman of the = member
ship committee of the association: ,T.
Carey Fricdlnnder, secretary; Engineers
Marsdtn, Manson and C. E. Grunsky;
Professor Frank Soule and William Ham
Hall ex-State Engineer, of California.;;
Irrigation and the steps -necessary, to
secure favorable legislation next year for
its promotion were discussed, extensively.
Mr. Newell will leave fr»r Nevada to-day
to continue his ¦ labors. *
FOREST PRESERVER IS
RECEIVED AND FETED
AMONG the many beautiful San
Franciscans who have scored flat
tering successc-s In the Eastern
dramatic neld, none have met with
a more- brilliant reception than Florence
Woodward, the talented young actress
who went East some time ago to become
a member of the Daly company. Mis?
Woodward has returned to fill a special
engagement with Ferris Hartman In a
big production of "Ship Ahoy," with
which the Alhambra Theater will open
Its regular season on September 6. Im
mediately upon the conclusion of this en
gagement Miss Woodward will return to
New York, whe^e sJul is permanently en
paged at the Casino.. Brief as her ap
pearance here will be. It will afford her
host of admirers a long desired opportuni
ty of -witnessing a display of that clever
ness which so captivated the theater-go
ers of the Eastern metropolis.
Miss Woodward's first appearance- in
ICew York was with Richard Mansfield In
"Cyrano de Bergerao" at Daly's Theater.
Her success was Instantaneous and tho
attention of many a New York manager
was attracted to the fascinating Califor
nian. -It. was during one of these perform
ances that George W. Lederer of the Ca
sino heard Miss -Woodward -sins and it
did not take the famous manager loni»
to conclude a deal whereby he secured her
for his big production of "In GayParee"
as Louisette, in. which she continued her
flattering triumph and made such a hit
that Manager Lederer has retained her a*,
a permanent fixture with his Casino com
pany.
In "Ship Ahoy" at the Alhambra she
will'havtf splendid opportunities, and with
the acoustic properties afforded in that
theater she could not have a better
chance to show off the extreme richness
of her mezzo soprano voice.'- '
Among the illustrations are views of
villas at Burlingame and San Mateo,
scenes at the Fourth of July celebration
In Dawson City and photographs made at
the recent outing at Del Monte. An ex
cellent story by W. C. Scully, a character
study of C. P. Huntington, an article on
"Indian Basket Making," a discussion or
J. J. Valentine's conversion to Bryanlsm,
together with cartoons, stories and per
sonal gossip, make up an excellent num
ber. ? ":.vv :¦¦-.-. ¦•' •
In Its new form the Saturday Wave has
made a distinct hit. The large accession
to Its circulation has more than justified
the theory that a weekly at 5 cents is
generally acceptable to thousands of peo
ple, who regard it as a class publication
at the higher price.
The latest issue of The "Wave Is a re
markably good 5 cents' worth. It is full of
first-rate pictures and thoroughly reada
ble stories and articles.
Agrees to Dismiss Contest to Angelia
B. Scott's Will— Sealskin
Sacque Sold.
Executors of the will of the late Angella
R. Scott have effected a compromise with
Amanda Meily, who filed two contests to
the will, one prior and one subsequent to
Its admission to probate. Three thousand
dollars is the sum Mrs. Meily demands in
consideration of a release by her of all
claims to -a division of the estate.
C. M. Garrish. C. S. Tilton and Frank
Garcia Jr., executors of the will, filed a
petition yesterday to effect a compromise
with Mrs. Meily on the terms named.
Judge Coffey will heaf the petition next
Friday. All heirs and. devisees under de
cedent's will have signed the petition.
After the matter of the compromise had
been adjusted the executors applied to
Judge Coffey for leave to sell a sealskin
sacque, the property of the deceased. De
cedent's husband, Emerson W. Scott, ob
jected to the sale of the garment, stating
that he should be given the same that his
dead wife's clothing might not be frayed
by the living. Judge Coffey, however, de
cided that a woman's garments were use
less to a man and he confirmed the sale
of the sacque for $160.
AMANDA MEILY READY
TO EFFECT COMPROMISE
The report of Miss A- M. d'Arcy, treas
urer, showed that the society had paid
out in sick benefits $1115. That the total
expenditures amounted to $1330 CO, and
that the balance on hand was $11,232 67.
The report of the financial secretary.
Miss Nellie Haswell, showed $.1873 40 to be
the receipts for the past six months. Of
this cum $1S59 40 represents monthly dues,
$4 fines and $10 overdrawn benefits re
turned.
Miss Jones offered an amendment re
ducing dues from $1 to «fl cents monthly,
and Miss Jennie Smith submitted an
amendment reducing fines fcr non-at
tendance at meeting* from £1 to 25 cents.
Both resolutions were carried by a large
majority."
When put to vote Mrs. Burke's amend
ment was carried by a large majority
Mies Hodgklnson offered a resolution that
Miss Hart and Miss Frontin. the two
beneficiaries who would be affected by
the amendment of Mrs. Burke, remain
beneficiaries of the society until the next
FC-ml-annual meeting. The resolution was
unanimously adopted. By the next meet-
Ing of the society a new resolution that
will fit just such cases as Miss Hart's and
Ml*s r rontin's will be presented.
The payment o* $5 per week, as tx-neflu In
fxtreme oases, arter the $.".00 has been paid
to the member, mar be continued at the dis
cretion of the board of directors, who mu»t
place the matter before the committee of ln
\ eftiiration. and must present the case at the
next semi-annual meetins of the society
Anonymous letters touching upon the
case were also received bv the officers of
the roclety. and so finally it was decided
to appoint an edvisorv board, with power
to act in the matter. This advisory com
mittee consisted of Mirs C. L. Hunt Miss
F. Jewett, Mrs. L. K. Burke Miss Rt G.
Campbell and Miss S. J. Jones. At yester
day's meeting the advisory committee,
through its chairman. Miss Hunt, declarea
that it had thoroughly investigated the
matter, that it found all the moneys re
ceived by Miss Cornelia Hart strictly ac
counted for and further recommending
that it be the pleasure of the society to
continue to pay the $20 to Miss Hart for
the use of her Incompetent sister
The report of the advisory commfttee
provoked much discussion, some of which
was material but much more was ir
relevant. The matter was finally and
<juickly disposed of by Mrs. L. IC Burke
who proposed to amend article XV on
dues ar.d benefits of the society, by strik
ing out the following section:
Most of the discussion of the meeting
was caused by a letter from Attorneys
Sullivan & Sullivan, In which they called
the attention of the society to the case of
their client. Mi^s Susie Hart, who on ac
count of her unfortunate physical condi
tion has been a pensioner of the society
for many yenrs. Miss Cornelia Hart, the
filter and guardian of Miss Susie Hart,
had handled the money, which was paid
out by the society at the rate of $5 per
week. Miss Hart. Instead of every month
paying the money over to the authorities
of the Napa Asylum Cor the maintenance
of her sister, had Rent the money at in
tervals of many month?, and from this
way of conducting her business the foun
dation was laid for much gossip concern
ing the teacher.
The regular stml-annual meeting of the
Ean Francisco Teachers' Mutual Aid So
ciety was held yesterday afternoon at
Sherman & Clay Hall. It was a long ses
sion and rather a strong one. But. how
ever, when the teachers finally got down
to the actual business of the meeting
rruch was accomplished In a comparative
ly little time.
Prominent Teachers Make
Amendments to the
By-Laws.
LIVELY SESSION
OF MEMBERS OF
THE MUTUAL AID
WINS BRILLIANT
SUCCESS IN EAST
The last match of the day was between
Miss Hall and Mrs. Kincaid, and was won
by Miss Hall, 6—2, 8—6. Miss Hall won
the first set easily, but in the second Mrs.
Kincaid braced up and was soon In the
lead, 4— 3. Miss Hall won by well-placed
cross-court drives.
Three valuable prizes have been offered
by the Hotel Rafael.
The final match will be played to-day at
2:30 o'clock between Miss Alice Hoffman
and Miss Hall.
The first match in the semi-finals was
played by Miss Emma Hunter and Miss
Alice Hoffman. Miss Hunter began serv
ing' and won the first game. Miss Hoff
man won the next two. The fourth was
hotly contested. Miss Hoffman taking the
net at all times and by clever volleying
and well-placed smashes won out the
set, 6—2. Miss Hunter did not play her
usual game, showing fatigue from her
morning contest. The second set was a
repetition of the first. Miss Hoffman again
taking the net and Miss Hunter not being
able to pass her. There were many clever
rallies in the match, both making hard
returns.
Two surprises were furnished In th«
tournament when Miss Hunter defeated
Mrs. C. A. Elston In three-set match,
every eet being deuce and vantage. The
other surprise was the victory of Miss
Alice Hoffman over Miss Hunter in
straight sets.
The opening match was between Mrs.
G. F. KIncald of the Alameda and Miss
Bessie Bowman of the California Club.
Mrs. Kincaid won by a close score, 6 — 4,
6 — 3. The next match' was between Miss
Hall of San Rafael and Mrs. Monte Has
lett of Alameda. Miss Hall had things her
own way and won easily, 6—3, 6—1.
The next and best match of the day was
between Mrs. Charles A. Elston of Hono
lulu and Miss Hunter of Alameda. Miss
Hunter won after a long struggle, 7 — 5,
6—8, 7—5. In the first set each won every
game on service until it was 5—5, and then
Miss Hunter by several well-placed chop
strokes pulled out the set. In the second
set Mrs. Elston played all around Miss
Hunter and soon had the set 5 — 1, when
Miss Hunter braced and made it 5 — 5. Mrs.
Els"ton then tcok the net and by clerer
volleying won the set, 8—6.
The third and last set was very evenly
contested. Miss Plunter finally' won the
last two games, set and match, 7 — 5.
Miss Hoffman won from Miss May
Bramhall of Alameda by default.
The eighth annual tennis tournament
In ladles" singles was held yesterday at
the Hotel Rafael under the auspices of
the* Pacific States Lawn Tennis Associa
tion. The first round and the semi-finals
were played, leaving but two contestants
— Miss Hoffman and Miss Hall— for the
finals.
First Day of the Tennis
Tournament on San
Rafael Courts.
MISS HALL AND
MISS HOFFMAN
IN THE FINALS
Mrs. Fannie Ramon, Mrs. Westerfeld's
mother, appears as guardian ad lltem In
the divorce proceedings, as the wife has
not yef reached the legal age of dis
cretion.
When Westerfeld was 17 years of age
and his wife two years his junior the>
met and fell In what they thought was
love. In December, 18P8, they disap
peared. After anxious search they were
located In Stockton, even though they
were denied the right to marry, being
minors and without evidence that their
parents consented to their union. A de
tective broke In on their billing and coo-
Ing and rushed them home to face
parental wrath. A consultation of par
ents was held and it was decided that the
children must marry. They were mar
ried, but now the end is near.
HERMAN' WESTERFELD AXD •
THE YOUXG WIFE SUING HIM <
FOR DIVORCE.
ITesterfeld may also turn to the stage
That fame may be the balm to heal his
wounded mind. He was employed at the
Alcazar, f.rst 3.« a scene shifter, then as
property man and occasionally In small,
very small, parts. Finally he invented a
process for cleaning carpets and as this
invention demanded his entire attention
he shook the dust of the histrionic world
irom his feet and sought the commer
cial. As his venture failed to enrich him
he turned to other fields, the sod of
which he is now overturning in search of
material wealth.
Mrs. Westerfeld alleges fai'.urs to pro
vide and cruelty- Within three days
tiftor their marriage, Mrs. Westerfeld al
lepe*. her husband choked her viciously
bc-cawo i=he refused to parade before him
en deshabille. On August 15. 1899. she al
]f-ie«*. be forced her to go to Mayor
Phelan for financial assistance, and when
fhfi met with failure, the Mayor not be
ing In a charitable mood, he abused her
for her lack of clove-mess. Subsequently
Mrs. \\>sterfeld says hfr hu?banrt beat
her with a hair brush and she left him
forthwith. Her diamond*, she says, went
one after the other to procure money for
their support anu Westerfeld appropriat
ed most of the money. Finding herself
dependent UDon her own resources she
secured an engagement as a chorus
sineer at th<? Tivoli. Her voice and
l^auty resulted in surress for her and
as soon as she sf-cures a divorce she in
tends entering on a stage career.
err ft RS. OROVEDA WESTERFELD.
//\>'/\ la-te chorus singer at the Tivoli.
/¦' J& vv aided and abetted by her mother
as guardian, has filed suit for
divorce from Herman Westerfeld Jr.,
actor arid young man about town. The
couple were married January 3, 1S99. In
this city, ss the culmination of an elope
:aent to the romantic city of Stockton.
They are both children yet.
The steamer Nome City left Nome on
the 16th inst. for Seattle with every pas
senger she could carry. Under the man
agement of W. A. Mitchell the Nome City
has proved herself a paying investment
ever since she went Into commission.
•The river steamer Uerald ran into Sec
tion 2 of the seawall yesterday. A lot
of her ginger-bread work was carried
away, but $50 will make all the repairs.
The Norwegian steamer Eldsvold Is now
loading at the seawall for Port Arthur.
She will carry about 5000 tons of general
merchandise for the Russian troops in
China.
Water Front Notes.
The steamer Thyra of the Santa Fe line
due this morning from San Diego will
ai&o be repaired. While discharging one
of the cargo booms dropped and much
of the standing rigging wa»j damaged and
some of the deck plates cracked. She is
under charter to the Government to load
for Manila at Portland and she must get
away from here Sunday. A gang of men
from the Risdon will go north on her
and make the necessary repairs at sea_
A crack in the hub of the collier Robert
Adamson's wheel necessitated the putting
in of a new propeller. The work was done
at the rolling mills by the Risdon.
The Norwegian steamer Tellus that was
damaged to the extent of $20,000 In a col
lision with the Belgian King will be ready
for sea again next week. To-morrow she
will go on the Hunter's Point drydock to
have the last plate below the water line
put on. Then she will be cleaned and
pn'nted and Wednesday will be ready for
sea.
Steamers Under Bepair.
The grain handlers on Sections 1 and 2
of the seawall went on strike last Thurs
day. They had been working ten hours
a day for 53, but when the mttlmen began
to agitate for an eight-hour day the grain
handlers thought that in their case nine
hours would make a fair day"s work. The
demand was accordingly made upon
George Maxwell and John Sullivan, the
principal employers of labor on the sea
wall. They refused to concede the hour
and the strike was on. There is a great
quantity of grain moving just now and it
did not take long to load up the seawall.
Then the chief wharilnger took a hand
and ordered the wheat oit the wharf. This
brought matters to a crisis and the mat
ter was settled yesterday. The men now
work_/nine hours for $3.
Grain-Handlers Strike.
From Honolulu — Dr. C. Stubbs and wife,
Mrs. M. Barrett, J. J. Barrett, Mr. and Mrs.
J. K. Burkett, Mr. and Mrs. F. Hustace, Mrs.
J. w. Evans, Mrs. J. narrower, Mrs. C Gra
ham, Mrs. S. Roth, Mies Lucy Roth, Miss
Marian Roth. Miss Alice Roth. Mrs. C. Evans,
Miss L. Ward. Mrs. W. E. Foster, Mrs. Jaeger,
A. Jaeger, Miss Jaeger, Mrs. M. Heynemann,
Mrs. M. W. Backus, J. Sllngerland, C. W.
Gray, C. A. Graham. "W. A. Swinerton, L. B.
Kerr, C. D. Vincent, F. Thompson, Captain
W. D. Burnham. D. B. Dearborn Jr., H. K.
Selby, G. A. Marshall, H. W. Thomas. O. T.
Bewail, H. E. Walty, Lieutenant Williams. En
sign Sweet. Herr von Gramotzki, J. N; Braun.
Miss Pearl Braun.
From Apia— Captain Thonisen. W. von L'nsll.
The Oceanio Company's mall stoamer
Mariposa arrived from Sydney. N. B. \V..
via Auckland. N. Z., Apia, Samoa and
Honolulu, H. I., early yesterday morning.
The run from the islands was made In a
j little over six days, and as the run from
Auckland to Apia and thence to Honolulu
was equally good, the mall boat got in
about ten hours ahead of time. In the
I Mariposa's cargo are seventy boxes of
specie, valued at 51,750,000.
At sunrise yesterday morning the Mari
posa was placed in Quarantine. About
noontime the cabin passengers from
I Auckland, Apia and Honolulu were re-
I leased and at <i p. m. the Sydney passen
gers came ashore. The steamer will be
released to-day. The cabin passengers on
the mail boat were:
From Sydney— Mr. and Mra. A. T. J. Rey
nolds. Mr. and Mrs. T. A. Reynolds, Miss Rey
nolds, Miss M. Coulter, Mrs. T. Murphy and
child, Mrs. F. W. Forster. F. R. Forster, Mi«s
B. Galletly. C. H. Freedman. Ed Skewes, P.
B. Norton, C. F. Sterling, Major H. Bateman.
I R. Hoffmann, George W. Pask. W. M. Peters.
' From Auckland — Mr. and Mrs. E. Rutherford,
Charles Holmes. J. S. Cherry, \V. Waldron,
Raymond Payne, Georgre Parker, Charles Xott,
F. Odium, H. Goddem. G. R. Johnson, G. J.
Smith. W. R. Edwards, Lees Milne, F. G.
Carpenter, Rev. H. Macluskle.
Time — Strike -Among the
Grain-Handlers on
the Seawall.
She Arrived Tea Hours Ahead of
Australasian Ports Is
Quarantined.
. » .I
Mail Steamer Mariposa From
firs. Oroveda Westerfeld Sues Her Husband for a
Decree, Charging Him With Cruelty and
Non "Support.
YOUNG ACTRESS IN
THE DIVORCE COURT
v>, . •¦•:.¦-.,-.¦ ' ¦'' ¦•"-•¦¦¦'¦: - : . ¦ ¦ ¦'¦• ¦'¦¦¦¦
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, AUGUST 25, 1900.
LASK WILL PUT ON
BIG PRODUCTIONS
Popular ' Tivoli Stage - manager. 'to Go East, and
Then to Londoia, Under a Brand
''¦New. Contract.
FROM
SEA
AND
SHORE
8
MISS FLORENCE WOODWARD.
RAILROAD TRAVEL
TEETH EXTRACTED AND FILLED AB-
SOLUTELY WITHOUT PAIN, by our la«e
scientific method applied to the trams. So
sleep-producing agents or cocaine.
These are the only dental parlors In San
Francisco having PATENTED APPLIANCES
and ingredients to extract, fill and apply gold
crowns and porcelain crowns undetectable from
natural teeth, and warranted for. ten yeais.
WITHOUT THE LEAST PAIN. Full set of
teeth $5: a perfect fit guaranteed or no pay.
Gold crowns. $5. Gold nllinRS. Jl. Silver fill-
ings, EOc. All work done by GRADUATE DEN-
TISTS of from 12 to 20 years' experience, and
each department In charge of a specialist. Give
us a call, and you will find us to do exactly
as we advertise. We will. tell you in advance
exactly what your work will cost by a FREE
EXAMINATION.
No More Dread of (he Dental Chair
New York Denta! Parlors,
723 Market Street,
SAN FRANCISCO.
MAIN OFFICE PORTLAND. OR.
BRANCH SEATTLE. WASH.
NWI1TIIKKX 1'AI'll'H: roHIMST.
(rACirio »htm.>
Trnlnt !•!»»«• mnri »r«» ilim to nrrlm as
MAM ntAN<:iM«:«».
(Main Line. Foot of Market Street)
LBatk — From Atjqcst 12. 1900. — arrivi
*7iOOa Benida, Suisuu, Elmira, TacaTilla.
Ramsey aaU H%et»tuouto •": 1.1 r
•7:OOa ShaiU Express— O»t1s, Williams (for
Bartlett Sprioga). Willows, Bed
Bluff. Portland. "7rl3r
•7i3Oa Martinez. Saa lUmnn. Val'ejo. -V»p».
Calistngn auU Santa Rosa •Siinp
*9:OOa Daiis. Woodland. Knizbts Landing,
MarysTllla. <irn«lll« *7i43p
|*NiOOa Atlantic K x press— Ogclon and East 'lStt-ip
•«:o»i XUsa, Trier, Lathrop, Stockton *Ut 13*
••¦a«4 Htii Ju«9. Li?erniore, MtocSlbm, ,
loua, aacraniento. PlaeerTiUo,
M»rjs?ill<\ Chico, Ke<l ltliiff Mil.1r
¦S:3Oa Oakdale. Chinese (for Yosemite).
Honor*. Carters.. '-lil.ip
•OiOOa Bajwards. Nilrs and Way Sutiont. *l Iil5*
•tti«<» a Los Angela* lUpress — Martinex.
Tncj, Lathrop. rltockton. Merced
Freano «ud Lt» Angeles *7sl.tp
•«::io» Vallrjo, Martinez awl Way .Stations *ais.t p
• I OiOOa Thn OrerUud Liniited— Ogden, Den-
ver, Omaha. Chicago *3i|.1p
•I1:OOa Niles. Stockton, Hacrameoto. Men*
dota, Fresno. Iianfortl, VUalia.
Portei«iile M»I3»
•1 1 :OOa LlTermore. ganger. Goshen Juno-
tlon, Bakeratleld, Los Angeles
• I2:oox Haywards. Miles and Way Stations. *ai-t."*p
tltoop Sitcmin«nto Itiver 8team«rn t9:O»*
•:iiOOp H»yward», Nlles and Way SUtlons. ¦Si-tSp
•I:<M»r Mnrtiusx. Mail lUmoii, Vullojo,
N»i»i. (V.l«toif». S*.it» Itosa *0il34
•4t»«p BentcU. Winters. . Maeraiuento.
Woodland. Knights Ijuidlng.
Maryi»iiif. Orovllie •!»: I3»
MiSOpNtlea. Hau Jose aud StocktSD •7il.*>p
•3:OOpT)i« Owl Umited— Tracy, Fresno.
HdkeraUekl. riangiu (or Uauta Uai-
bara, Lus ADgelea. "IO:t*t
•.ttOftp Stockton »Vi43a
•StOOpNew Orleant Express— ltaken(l«lil.
8»i>t» li«rl)»r». Los Angeles. lMm-
Ing, El Paao. Maw Orleaa* aud
••:OOp Ilajrwaxds, Nlles and H*u Jom...... *7s irk \
t«iOOr Vallejn •ia»l»p
•ttiUOr Oriental Mail— Ogden. Cheyenna,
Omaha. Cfaioago »12i«.TP
•«il»o» Oriental Mali— Ogden, Denver.
Omaha. Chicago. Mi is*
•7iOO» NDea. Tracy. Lathrop. Stockton.... »I3:13p
17tOOp Vallojo. Pork Coata and Way Sta-
tions. 1»:33»
¦¦¦•Sp Orefun and California Rapremi.Mao.
rnmetitii. Marjsillle, l't»l<lliig.
|-ortl».,.l. P.u»t .Son,,,! »ml Km* ««:l"*\
COAST mUMO* (.Narrorr Uu.**).
(Foot ot Market Street. I
1?i43a, Santa Cnu Excursion (or HanM
Croz and Principal Way Station* J'tOle
•8i I 3a Newark. Con ter? iil».8an Joan, Feltiiii.
ISonlilerCreek.BantaCritzind Way
Stations »««*i»p
f3il.tr Kewark. CenterTllle, S»u .Jon-, Ne*
Almaden. Felton, Itonlder Creek.
Hauta Cras and Principal Way
Stations •¦•i»i»4
*4tl3p Newark, Man Jose, Los Gatos t*:*°*
ai:!3p Glenwood. Felton. Santa Crn» ai3«.»
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
FnaSlX raiSCISCO— »nt t( Mark it Strut (S!i» S>—
•7:16 0:00 11:004. m. 11:03 *2:Sa |3:C3
•1:03 t5:C3 *t:09r.M.
ffomUmtlO— fj.l •r3roti»«».~'B:OO 8:00 IOiOOj.M.
t»:C3 *1:S3 t2:33 -3:83 M:Q3 m S:iZr.u.
COAST nm.KIO.X (MromMiaNir*}.
(Third mid Townaemi St».)
t*>IO* OeeMi View, Hontb Man Fr»»cl»o«». . imi»«r
t?>OOA Hail Jos* ami Way Stations (New
Almaden Wednesdays only) *liSi»p
JTiUOa Sunday Excnrsioq for Saa Jose,
Santa Vr.it. Pacino Grot 9 ana
Principal W*y Hutioni tSiXlr
•OiOOa Han Joa«. Tres Piuos. Hitnta Cms.
Padao drove. Paso Itukles. Nan
I.tiU Oblipo, Surf. Lompoc ami
Pr I nclfal W »T HUH on * • * 1 1 n r>
•¦OilifA Saa Jose and Way Stations s «iS3a
•IIiSOa San Jou.LosGatosaml WaySUtlons •8t»«p
t»t43p San Mateo. ICedwoori, Msnlo Park.
Palo Alto. Santa Clara, Ban Jose.
Tree Plnos. Santa Crnz. Salioaa,
Monterey aud PaolOe GroT* flOiSAa
fSiXAp Saa Jose aud Way Stations *7>3»p
t-*:!**" Pan Jose and Principal Way .Station* *9: 13*
f3:«OrSaa Jose, Los Gatos and Principal
Way Stations ?f»:Oiu
•3t3«p San Jose and Prinoinal Way Stations tMin-tA
••:»Op Sao Jose aud Way Stations t *:•>•»*
Illi43p Saa Jose and Way Stations ' *7:3»p
A for Morning. 1* tZj A f ternoon.
•Daily. t Muuday exeepted. tSoudayonly.
b Saturday only.
• Saturday and Suad>* e Monday only,
visit OR. JORDAN'S creat4
HOSEOM OF ABATGarf
Cb l: 51 IOSSXT SS- tot. frl t "ti. CF.CtJ. 4
rtr The Largest Anatomical Minenm to the \
_^Tn n - World VV e»JcnRM» or any contracted Q
£JKj disease pc»iti»rly cured ly.Yi: oldest T
Ijpi \J&\ Specialist cu the Coast Estjfiyoar*. ¦$
&&0&K Cft.JORD.^r-PRJVATt OlSEASESiJ
B^SiS^g Coairultation frc« and strirtlT prirate \
8 i£M£f& Tn itment pcr»onatly or by letter. A a
Q Or ¥1 if PtHt.ttvt Cum In <nery c»ie undertaken. W
DJf 11 S, Write for Book, rnaosoraVfii
I (I \yt HAHnlAGE, MAILED FKS3. " ! A W
n jl, raluable book for mrai \
I>«. JOBDAK A CO.. 1051 Market St., 8. F. "
ADVERTISEMENTS.
RATXROAD TRAVEL.
Leave J In Effect. I Arrive
Ban Francisco. [Apr. 15, 19C0.| San Francisco.
Week J Sun- J 1 Sun- I Week '
Days. ( days, f Destination.! days. ] Days.
7:30 am S:06 am Novato. 110:40 am! 8:40 am
3:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma. I 6:05 pm!10:25 am
S:10 pm 5:00 pm Santa Rosa.| 7:33 pm| 6:20 pat
Fulton.
7:30 am Windsor. 10:25 arn
Healdsburp.
Lytton.
Geysfrvllle.
3:30 pm 8:C0 am Cloverdale. 7:33 pm 6:20 pm
7:30 ami I HopTand I (10:25 am
3:30 pm| 8:00 ami and Uklah. I 7:35 pm! 6:20 pm
7:30 am 10:25 am
8:00 am Guernevllle. 7:33 pm
8:30 pm ' ¦ 6:20pra
1:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma 9:15 am S:40am
and
E:10 pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. 6:03 pm 6:20 pra
7:30 am) 8:C0am| " '. . . 110:40 am[10:25 am
3:30 pm| 5:C0 pm| Sebastcpol. | 7:35 pm| 6:20 pm
WfifiHy Gi $1.00 |8P Year
4T
iht^^*? 2 , *'¦£?*£** *"*- K»taDllsaed
ZfiJpr*: 'i-vT niseases. Lor: ManbiMnl Debility or
V>^>a M n u l, 8 1? 8 *^: l h * 'loctorcurps'.vh.H
Try him. Chnw-in.j-
or. j. r. mBnox, kqx ias7.8aFF»SwSa^
MOUNT TAMALPAI3 SCENIC RAILWAY
Lea.ve San Francisco via Sausallto Ferrv-
WEEK DAYS. ...9:30 a. m.. 1:45 and 5 15 pm.
SUNDAYS 8. 9. 10. 11 a. m. ifs?. *» S nt
Staees connect at Santa. Rosa for Mark West
Sprlnrs and White Sulphur Springs: at Fulton
for Altniria: at Lrtton for Lytton Sprlnys; at
Geyservllle for Skages Springs: at Cloverdale
for the Geysers: at Holland for Duncan
Springs, Highland Springs. Kelseyville. Carls-
bad Springs. Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Uklah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga
Sprlnjrs. Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
Bprlnss, Upper Lake. Porno, Potter Valley.
John, Day's, Riverside. Llirley's, Bucknell's.
Sanhedrin Heights, Hullvllle. Git's Hot
SprlnEs. Mendooino City.- Fort Bragsr, West-
port. Usal, Wllllts. ¦ Laytonvllle. Cummins.
Bell's Spricss, Harris, Olsen's. Dyer.' Scotia
and Eureka.
-Saturday to Monday round trio tickets at
reduced rates. .
On, Sunday round trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office*. 630 Market St.. Chronicle bide
H. C. WHITING, R. X.RYAN, .
L_ General Maaasex. Cea. Paaa. A rent.
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburon Ferry. Foot of Market St.
| SAN FRANCISCO TO BAN RAFAEL.
"WEEK DAYS— 7:30. 9:00. 11:09 a. ra.: 12:35.
i 8:30. 6:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
I at 11:30 o. m. Saturday*— Extra trips at 1:50
. end 11:30 d. m. ' »
EUN DAYS— 8:00. 9:30, 11:00 a. m..- 1:30, 1:30.
6:00, 6:20 d. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:10. 7:50. 9:20, 11:10 a. m.; 12:4S.
3:40, 5:15 p. , m. Saturdays— Extra trips at
1:55 and C:35 o. m.
BUNDAYS— 8:10, 9:10. U;10 a. m.; 1:40. t:40.
6:05, C:'5 p. m.
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park
came schedule as above.
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
LESSES
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
KEW WESTERN HOTEL,
KEARNY . AND WASHINGTON STS.— RE-
modeled and renovated. KING. WARD &
CO. European plan. Rooms, 50c to $1 50 day;
$5 to $S week; SS to $20 month. Free baths: hot
and cold water every room; fire grates In every
room: elevator runs all nlscht. > ¦
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausallto Ferry.
Commencing: April 22. 1900L f \
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLET
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DATS— 7:00. *S:30, 9:30, 11:00 «. m.»
12:15. "1:45. 8:15. 4:13. '5:15. 8:15, 8:40 n. m
EXTRA TRIPS-For Mill Valley and 'saa
Rafael, on Mondays, Wednesdays. Saturdava
and Sundays, at 9:00 and 11:35 p. ra.
SUNDAYS— 7:00. •9.0O. 'lO:!*. UCO Ilia
«_ ia.; 12:45. »l:30. 2:30. *2:ii. «;». «:OoL " : 24
p. m.
11:00 a. m. does not run to Saa Rafael Sun.
days.
Trains marked *•) ran to San Quentln. •- *"Z
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO
WEEK DAYS— «:S5. MiJO, 7:50. 8:40. noi* «!
m.: 12:30. 1:15. 2:15. *J:30. 4:30, 5:30 p. ra
. EXTRA TRIP3 on Mondays. Wedae»daya
and Saturdays at *S:45 and 10:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 6:15. r3:C0. •3:50. -ll^a. m.: •1209
m.; 1:00. 2:15, *2:30. 4:30. *i:45, 8:15, 7:30, 10:1*
p. m.
Trains marked <•> start from San Quenttn.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 5:53, 6:45. 8:00. 8:J3. 10:30 a.
in.: 12:83. 1:43, 2:45. 8:30. 4:50. 5:» p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesday*
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:20 p. m.
8UNDAYS— «:35, S:05. 10:05, 11:10 a. m.; 12:li
1:20 2:30, 3:45, 4:55, 6:15. 7:03. 10:3a p. Ja.
, THROUGH TRAIN&
7:00 a. ra, week day* — CaiaJero and wajr staj»
tlons.
8:15 p. m. Saturdays — Cazadsro and ¦mxy st*.
tlons.
5:15 p. m. weekdays (Saturday* «zeepted>— >
Point Reyes and way stations.
8:00 a. m. Sundays— Cazadero and way- sta-
tions.
12:45 p. m. Snadaya— Point Reyes and way
station*.
S/\lNX/% F"E ROUTE
TRAINS.
MARKET- STREET FERRY.
Leava; Overland: Dally for Chica- Arrtva-
go, Kansas City. Denver
and all Eastern points. ._
El Paso. City of Mex-
ico, Prescott and Phoe-
nix. Ariz.. Bakersfield.
• a. ra. VUalla. Tulare. Han- » n. tt .
ford. Fresno. Merced. '
Stockton. Antloch. Stand-
ard and Tourist Sleep-
ers to Chicago. Dlnlnv
car between Stockton
and Bakersileld.
Stockton Local: For San
4:10p.m. Pablo. Pinole, Muir. Bay 1105 a. m
Point. Cornwall. Antl- " •
och and Stqckton.
Bakersfield Local: For San
Pablo. Pinole, Muir. Bay
Point. Cornwall. Antl-
« p. m. och. Stockton. Merced. 8 a. nu
Fresno. Hanford. visa-
lia. Tula*- and Bakers- -»'¦'
Held. Sleepers to Fresno . -
and Bakersfleld.
TICKET OFFICES: G3 Market st.
Ferry Depot, foot of M.irk-t st.. San Franrtsco,
OH CHICHE«TER'8 ENGLISH
f Original and Only Gennlne.
KVE. »l>»i«rcih;.i. Ladles ut Dmrrlit
tor CHIOHJCSTEll'S ENGLISH
in KZ;i> and .Gold meUUio boxa. walM
with b!oe ribbon. Take n» other. Refute
Dangerous KnbuUtatlano and Iralta.
tlon*. Boy ef yonr Draxfitt. or tend 4e. la
it *J n^ lto . T . **«rtlenlar^ Te.tlmonlal.
and "Keller for Ladle*" <n letfr, by re.
tnrn Mull. lO.AOO TmtiToontali. Sold by
„ . v. »">rei"«. . Chleheater<hemlealCn_
Ueatlon til* paper. Jtladlsen Square. I'll 1 LA.. l*ij
GRAND HOTEL
"Thoughtless Mortal"
Snys Dr. Dennett, "llnlns Hid Stom-
ach by Filling; It With Drnci and
XosjtrnmM That Will >ot and Can-
not Cnrc the Won h. ileuses of Men
and "Women" The Doctor Says
Electricity I» the Secret of Per-
petual Vitality and Virility n» Ap-
plied by Hin Electric Belt and
(•unrnnteeH It — lie Cautions You
Agrninst IIIh Imitator*.
Nature molded man and gave to him
certain organs, each of which was to per-
form a distinct service — all to act In har-
mony. Nature did not Intend there should
, be a weakened or
jgS^AJ/^. diseased condition
j?5flS?Y~ °^ any one °' these
F-A K i7tv\\ organs, but man-
yS^/IM \ kind will disobey
. —^ , ) the laws of health.
/ sT^sJ This class of men
J I /"¦""" and women have
¦ / }, *i _ / held my attention
JjAk\\i\\l( for years, and I
/-£&2s=i£s&L- have found there
./ LtflC&^F^Z Is on 'y one remedy
i v Y'f>WWfith tnat may be relied
v t^l 1 upon to cure In
¦JttvtfcCI I every case, and
•Vp\VvS I that Is Electricity.
'rr A » | It Is a never-fail-
\ ¦ jl / ing remedy — but a
\ i\y ,/ remedy only when
vllV'A properly used. I
1 \r \ became dissatisfied
. ' with the old meth-
ods of applying Electricity as taught In
colleges and elaborated upon In medical
books, as these methods from experi-
ments proved failures on account of the
wavering current and crude electrodes
used. The failure of others mothered
the invention of my Electric Belt, which
I warrant to cure in every case. If It will
not cure you I do not want your money.
I will take no person's money unless I can
give ten times the value in' good health
for it. I absolutely guarantee my Belt
to cure sexual impotency and weakness
in either sex. Lost Manhood, Varlcocele,
Spermatorrhoea; enlarges Small or Shrun-
ken Organs; cures Kidney, Liver and
bladder Troubles, rheumatism in any
form, Dyspepsia, Chronic Constipation, all
Female Complaints, etc.
DR. BENNETT'S ELECTRIC BELT
My Belt has soft, silken, chamois-cov-
ered sponge water chamber electrodes
that cannot and will not burn, blister, fry
and almost cremate the patient, as do tho
bare metal electrodes .used on "all other
makes of belts, whion have bare metal
electrodes upon which verdigris will ac-
cumulate. "Verdigris Is a' deadly poison.
My electrodes, my exclusive patent— used
on no other belt or appliance — cost more
alone to manufacture than the entire belt
of other makes. My Electrical Suspen-
sory for the perfect cure of Men's Ail-
ments free to each male patient. ' My
Electric belt can be renewed when burned
out for only 75c; no other belt can be re-
newed for any price and when burned out
is worthless.
Some concerns' try to imitate my
electrodes by covering their bare
metal d Inch with a thin veneerlne
of chamois or felt through which a
enrrent cannot, pans, hnt through
Tvhlch -venHprrls will sonic. .Yo man
vrantn to wenr. a band aronnd his
.waist- and expect his fnitli in elec-
tricity- to enre him. My Belt skives
more- than fonr times the current of
any other belt: yet it does not bnrn
»nd •blister.". v: If yon have nnfortn-
nately been coerced into hnylnrc one
of these "nmke believes*' or imita-
tions nnd it Rives no enrrent. bnrns
or blisters, or is worn, out 'find 'can-
not be renewed, or if yon are afraid
oi venllffris, send it to me ad half
payment -for one of. mine.
Write or call to-day. I have written
a book. "The Finding of the Fountain of
Eternal Youth." which I will send free,
postpaid, for the. asking. . It will tell you
all about it. No charge for advice. All
communications sacredly confidential.
Sold only, by •
Dr Rpunott E!ectric
h OtSIIllOl! Belt Co.
CORXEU POST ASD KEAHXY STS.
' Entrance 47 Post St., *
Rooms 5 and C.
- * ¦ ¦ : .. ¦ - -
Connected by a covered passageway and
operated under one management on tha
American and European plans.
It Is universally acknowledged that these
hotels possess th« attributes that appeal
to particular people— undoubted luxury and
comfort, unsurpassed culsina and servica
and superior appointments and location.
PALACE HOTEL
. ADVEBTISEBtENTS.
ABSOLUTE SECURITY.
Genuine CARTER'S LITTLE LIVER PILLS most
bear signature of /^^^^,
Ymrf •¦uril tumA mm •msy
4» take as tro^an
SEE CARTERS FOR DIIZIMESS. * tB
te^lTTLF FOR BILIOUSHESS, rPHmiTT ,
SENUINE BlVFR FOR TORPID LIVER. GENUINE
I 11 p|i LS FOR CONSTIPATION.
WBAPPFB JOI FOR SALLOW SKIM. WEAPPEB
OaSJ»UJLN.S» BIU«TI»««r«a^9MATUS)«.
r{** rw« Ikb F+tls k -^^^- < ?^Decrees of divorce were granted yester
day to' Mary' Reid from James D. Reid for
desertion and Martha J. Darnley -from
Charles H. Darnley on the ground of de
sertion. Stilts for divorce have been filed
by Theresa St. Dennis against John B. St.
r>ennis for? desertion. ' Lucy E. Freeman
against Charles E. Freeman for desertion
and Franklin J. Hicks against Rose Hicks
for cruelty.
Brooks; Wants Percentage.
treasurer Brooks claims 5 per cent of
all moneys collected by him on account of
tho collateral inheritance tax. butThe cHv
and county disputes his claim. An agreed
state of facts was submitted yesterdav
to tho Superior Court for fudisment
Brooks claims that under the .law i"&
£n /& cnt , tIcd to 5 per C0I « of the lirn
f50 000 collected and additional X any
other sum collected. Brooks asks for
judgment for $2Tw9 88. while the citv nriv«
for a decision adjudsin* tha£ the funds
are part and portion of the city's revenue.
Horace. Egbert contributes another turt
story to this week's News letter. "Plum
Puddin' Tommy", Is the central figure, and
in/ his own inimitable way tells .."how he
touted himself out of the -Ingl§slde cool
er." The Looker On has a number of good
stories on actors and clubmen. The Town
Crier, in jingle and prose, pays hia r£
gpects to the unworthy, and the editorials
deal In keen fashion with living topics.' •
To-Day's News Letter.
Bowen Is Set at Liberty.
Charles N. Bowen. the book agent, ar
rested for obtaining money from business*
men to buy a plat in Cypress Lawn Cem
etery for Indigent printers, was discharged
by Judge Fritz yesterday, as no one coukl
be got to swear- to a complaint against
him. Detective Cody Is now searching for
Donald Archibald I'rquhart, alias Frank
Miller. wh*o is supposed to have been
Bowen's accomplice. Urquhart was impli
cated In the kidnaping of the Hawaiian,
planter Campbell, but saved himself by
withdrawing before definite action was
en nv O. 'VVinthrop, who la now serv
ing a life sentence.
The twenty-second annual picnic of the
members of the Austrian Military and
Benevolent Association will be held to
morrow at Gcrmania Gardens, near the
Presidio, under the auspices of the mili
tary company. The annual target shoot
will take place under the direction of Cap
tain M. Sabadln, and the championship of
the season will be decided. The commit
tee of arrangements will see that all at
tendants have a good time. . >
Austrians Will Hold Picnic.
Some Russian scientists ascertained
that electrified seeds germinated more
rapidly and gave better and quicker re
sults than seeds which had not ¦ been
submitted to preliminary electrification.
MRS. MANGELS, AN OLD .
RESIDENT, PASSES AWAY
Two Daughters and Many Friends
Will Mourn the Work of the
Grim Heaper.
Friends of Mrs. E. L. S. Mangels will be
Ehocked to learn of the death of that
lady, which occurred yesterday at her
residence, 2518 Howard street. The de
ceased was the widow of Claus Mangels
and a sister of the late Hermann Zwieg.
She was a native of Noerenberg, Ger
many, and was 62 years of age. Two
daughters, Mrs. F. Tillman Jr. and Agnes
Mangels, mourn her Jos*.
Bonds for improvements.
At the meeting of the directors of the
Merchants' Association yesterday the fol
lowing new members~were elected, mak
ing the total membership 1236: J. Levin
& Co.. W.-C. Price & Co. J. Schmidt &
Co. and Albert AVehrii.
It was deemed for the best interests of
the municipality to have the questions In
volving the validity of the bond issues de
termined as speedily as possible. The at
torney of the association was directed to
confer with the City Attorney regarding
the submission of a petition to the Su
preme Court for advancing the hearing of.
the cases now pending in that court re
garding the issuance of municipal borfds
for sowers, schools, hospitals and the pan
handle.
DETERMINED TO SECURE
POSSESSION OF A GIRL
Warrant Out for tho Arrest of Joho.
D. Held for Threats to
Kill.
George C. Adams. 73S I_iurel avenue, sc
oured a warrant in Judge Fritz's court
yesterday for the arrest of John D. Hold
on a charge o-S. threats against life. Tht»
warrant was piven Into th» hands of Po
liceman McMurray of the Society for the
Prevention of Cruelty to Children, who
has special rp.isnns for serving It.
Adams' daughter Eva. 13 years of a«e,
left her home about ten days ago. Sim
was found In the Olympia Tuesday nigh;
and taken back home. Since then HoM
has been haunting the house tr> get the
girl to meet him. representing that he was
an officer of the Society for the Protec
tion of Children. He declared in the pres
ence of several witnesses that if he couli
not get the girl he would kill her father.
He is known to be a habitue of the Olym
pia.
ASSESSMENTS OF SOME
RAILWAY COMPANIES
The, State Board of Equalization Files
Figures Thereon V/ith Auditor
Wells.
The State Board of Equalization notified
Auditor Wells yesterday that the assess
ment of the San Francisco and San Mateo
Electric Railroad Company for its fran
chise, roadway, roadbed, rails and roll
ing stock in this State aggregates S'OO 00 1
The entire length of the S tract ? 3
28.329 miles in the State and 21.309 miles In
this city and county. The assessed value
per mile of the railway is J705 1 ) % nnH th*
apportionment of the assessment fo? he
wte d C ° Unty ° f San
tgce n n?r a a r r |cffS^oI *$?*'$£?$
J13.000.0W. The entire length otlf* If!
track in the State is 74(5.76 : mHea an? ifi
length in this city Is 2.46 miles The j^ 9
sessed valuo per mile is $17,408 53 and thl
apportionment of the assessment tor q?S
Francisco is $412,825. cs: > m ent for San
The assessment on the Southern Parifi^
REGATTA COMMITTEE
SELECTS OFFICIALS
Getting Ready for the Championship
Events Scheduled for Admis
sion Day.
The regatta committee of the Pacific
Association of the Amateur Athletic-
Union met last night to select officials and
transact other business in connection with
the championship rowing races to b.e held
on September 9. The following were
chosen:
Referee, John T. Sullivan of the Pioneer
Rowing Club; starter, T. I. Fitzpatrick
of the South End Rowing Club; marshal
of the course, T. J. Kennedy of the Dol
phin Boating Club; assistantmarshal, J. A.
Geddes of the Ariel Rowing Club; jdilses
W. St. John and F. Rafter of the Pioneer
Rowing Club; A. Mellitz and A. J. Fritz
of the South End Rowing Club; Fred
Woerner and W. O. Patch 'of the Dolphin
Boating Club: K. J. Lynch and E. Mc-
Donough of the Ariel Rowing Club; Theo
uore Eisfeldt and C. J. Hague of the
Alamcda Boat Club: Ed Connolly and JI.
A. Pless cf the Olympic Boat Club; Geofge
ilium p.i.'d D. H. Everett of the Triton
Boatinp Club: timers, R. Collopy of the
Pioneers, E. M. ShortaJl of the South
Ends. F. C. Staib of the Dolphins, D. J.
Shechan of the Ariels, E. M. Hunter of
tho Alamedas, Leo Pockwltz of the Olym
pics nnd Frank Hess of the Tritons.
Inasmuch as the State of Oregon is out
tide the jurisdiction of the Pacific Asso
ciation, the regatta at Astoria will not
affect the local standing of any of the
San Francisco men who may take part In
it. If a junior should win a race, he will
bocome a senior at Astoria, but will still
retain his standing: as a junior here.
Supreme Court Punctures the Act
Designed to Suppress Liquor
Traffic.
The Supreme Court has knocked a big
hole in an amendatory act of the Legis
lature relating to the regulations of sani
tary districts. It was in the habeas cor
pus case of II, C 'Werner, who Was con
victed of selling liquor in the North Pasa
dena sanitary district in violation of an
ordinance passed by the board prohibiting
such traffic without a license from the
board. He was fined JIT., with an alterna
tive of fifteen days in the County Jail. He
appealed to the Superior Court, where
judgment was sustained, and he "went to
jail. His attorney secured a writ of ha
beas corpus and yesterday "Werner was
ordered dis charged from custody.
In 1^1 the Legislature passed an act for
the establishment of sanitary districts In
townFhips. and in 1S95 it was slightly
amended, extending the power to regula
tion "for the good order and welfare of
the district." This gave the prohibition
ists an opportunity to sit down on the sa
loon men in several parts of the State, and
a number of new sanitary districts sprung
up at once.' Werner attacked the validity
of the ordinance under which he was con
victed and the constitutionality of the
amendmenfto the act mentioned. In the
first he contended that the legislature
had no right nor did it Intend to confer
municipal powers upon sanitary districts.
and. second, that the amendatory act did
not embrace in the title the subject mat
ter of the act. as required, by law. The
Supreme Court upholds these contentions.
SANITARY DISTRICTS
SHORN OF MUCH POWER
Suit to Hecover Hailroad Bonds.
A. A. Grant of 'New Mexico has filed a
FUit in the United States Orcuit Court
aj^sinst the California Safe Deposit
and Trust Company and C IC
Jving a? administrator of the es
tntc of J. W. Smith, deceased, to re
«<jvor ioO.OW worth of bonds of the Cali
fornia and Nevada Railroad Company and
for fa damape*. The bonds are claimed
by Grant as his property and by King as
The property of the estate of Smith.
IT IS INDEED
SURPRISING
How Kailroads Can Afford Such
Cheap Excursions.
One of the most interesting short excur
sions of the year from San Francisco is
the early autumn jaunt to the "Monterey
Bay points, which includes Del Monte.
Monterey and Pacific Grove, all being
within a short walk of each other. These
excursions were instituted by the South
ern Pacific several years ago. and because
of the extradrrlinary pleasures afforded
and the absurdly small cost, $2 for the
round trip, one-third less than half fare,
they at once became extremely popular.
This year the event is scheduled for Sun
day. September 2, and all signs indicate
a greater day than usual. - \
In the past the citizens of Monterey
have contributed to the Interest of the
day by reviving the old-time Spanish
sports, but this year the programme will
be varied by a sort of "go as you please"
pastime among the various attractions of
the resorts. Del Monte and its magnifi
cent grounds, its fine bathhouse and
beach, the famous eighteen-mile drive and
the pretty city of Pacific Grove will fur
nish all the entertainment that . can be
crowded Into five hours.
The train will leave Third and Townsend
streets depot promptly at S a. m. »
HEALTH DEPARTMENT
D&AlANDS ARE HELD UP
The Board Tries to Have Them Paid
Out of the Wrong
Fund.
The Board of Health wan brnusht tin
with a round turn by Auditor A* Mis yes
terday mornirs in its endeavor to besrin
one of its timo-honored raids on the city
treasury. Six demand? were presented.
aKKrepatirp JTrm. which the Health Boanl
desired to be paid out of the appropria
tion set aside for emergencies in the
smallpox hospital. As the other funds of
the department have been drawn up to
the limitations of the one-twelfth pro-
Vision of the charter the board took this
method of paying salaries from a fuml
for which it was not intended. The de
mands presented are:
F. O. Pryor. M. !>.. physician Pesthouse.
July. fSO; August, £00: Mrs. E. Blake.
nur?e, July $73, August $73; Mre. Gaffnoy,
cook, July $75, August $~~>.
Auditor Wells peremptorily refused to
audit the demands on the prour.tt that the*
fund of $4i/h> is intended only for an epi
demic should one ever occur.
27olan Heturns for Trial.
Tlichard J. Nolan, charged with burg
lary, (those disapp< arav.ee from the city
nemo- month? fijro rpsuiud in an order for-
JVsting hi? bond?, appeared before Judgp
U'an:^ jr«*terd»y with a vaiid excuse for
liis absence Nolan wcni into the country
a; ihe advice of .his pbyH* ian. Dr. Peter
A. Kearney look th^" stand and testified
»};^t he had advif<--d Nolan that h<? would
t>f> benefited l>y s trip into the interior, as
n* VU FufferinE from lunp troubles.
JodgC Dunne then ma«le an order petting
zr-i<io that heretofore entered forfeiting
tli*- l.ail of the accused. The city phys=i
< ia:i will examine the j>ris=«-incr. and if it
be found that the prisoner's health re
quires he will be :icain admitted to bail.
RESOURCES.
According to the reports of thenine city
savings banks to the State Board of Bank
Commissioners, the pain in deposits since
July 31. WJ. was • $7.18*5.713 71. This the
Commissioners consider is one of the most
convincing signs that the country is gen
erally prosperous. At the close of busi
ness hours on July 31 of last year the city
banks showed that there was due to the
depositors the total sum of $U3,21M.213 99.
A week ago a call was made by the Bank
Commissioners for statements of business
at the close of business hours on August
11. In responseHhe returns show that
there is due to depositor3the surprisingly
large sum of $12O.1SO.S27 70, or an increase
In 'deposits of J7.1St).713 71 in a little over
twelve months.
While the board knew in a general way
that the returns would be large the mem
bers were not prepared for a showing
amounting to over seven million dollars.
In discussing this matter Secretary Dun*
moor stated that these deposits were made
almost entirely by the working class and
those in moderate circumstances. The
banking business of the capitalist Is done
almost exclusively through the commer
cial banks. He added: "Notwithstanding:
the late war with Spain, the trouble in the
Philippines and China and the war taxes
that have to be raised from all classes of
society for these great national expenses,
the patrons of savings banks in this city
have laid aside more money for a rainy
day than ever before. Yet Bryan says
that the country is going to the dogs."
The bankers* statements show the fol
lowing condition of the city banks on the
11th insC: ' .¦•¦?:.£.
Bank premises. ?1.C«,637 61: real estate taken
for debt. fS.J.Vl.'UOM: miscellaneous bonds and
stock*. ta.C37.834 11; loans on real estate. JC2,
432.4R2 17: loans on stocks, bonds and warrants.
jl.64S.KS 72; loans on other securiti^H. I32O.20O;
mr.ney on hand, J3.217.CS9 01: due. from banks
and . banker*. 12,795,00? 07: other, assets, $303,
031 36; total resources, J12O.S2D.016 S8.
LIABILITIES.
Capital paid In coin, $4,010,000: reserve fund,
profit and Ins* and contingent fund, $5,533, 4$9 56;
due depositors. $120,480,927 7D: other liabilities,
JSC4.5M 62: total liabilities. $l3O,S».01« 88.
Nearly All of This Money Is Owned
by the Working Classes— Proof
of the Country's Pros
perity.
An Astonishing Showing by
Nine Saving Institutions
; of This City.
BANK DEPOSITS
INCREASE OVER
SEVEN MILLIONS
the view of introducing into the customs
system of Japan whatever meritorious
features he might find. He will visit the
custom-houses at New York, Boston. Phil
adelphia and Montreal and will then visit
the principal European ports
dent just before his death was the meet
ing of Nichols and his brother, Bert
Nichols. The two had not spoken to each
other for. four years. They had a mis
understanding and although on two oc
casions Bert tried to make up, the eider
brother refused to recognise him. When
the younsrer Nichols entered the hos
pital the wounded policeman grasped his
hand affectionately and said:
"Welt: it's all off, Bert."
Nichols could give only a partial de-
Fcription of his assailant. He was of me
dium build and wore a short frock coat
and soft Alpine hat. He had a dark,
heavy mustache. It was too dark, he
said, to distinguish the man's other fea
tures. Nichols said that If there had been
a light in the saloon he would probably
have been able to get out of range of the
burglar's gun.
The merchants of that section of the
city where the murder occurred are much
stirred by the affair. For weeks, they
say, this quarter has been the scene of
repeated butglaries. Among the places
entered were Robert Duff's commission
house at Commercial and Davis streets,
Patek's butcher-shop at the corner of
Washington and Sansome streets; J. B.
Inguglia's market at 502 Merchant street,
the Amerlcn Union Fish Company and
O. Ginocchl & Co. at -512 Sansome street.
It Is believed that all of these robberies
were committed by the same person or
gang. In every ; case the telephone box
was rifled or tampered with and the cash
register or money drawer pried open. En
trance was usually gained by forcing the
door with a "jimmy."
Shot at Close Quarters.
A common piece of Iron was used In
gaining an entrance to Galli's saloon. The
door swings out, and it was a matter of
little difficulty to pry the lock. The upper
part of the door is of ground glass. Di
rectly opposite the saloon on the Mer
chant-street f;ido, is a street lamp. From
the Inside of the saloon an object in front
nf the door outside is plainly discernible.
It is the opinion of tho police that the
burglar saw Nichols as he approached the
entrance. '
Nichols told the officers that when he
attempted to push in the door there was a
resistance inpirle. lie finally forced it and
at the same instant got a bullet in his
abdomen, tho muzzlo of tho pistol being
so clos<- to hln body that the powder
burned his clothe?. Nichols turned around
to avoir! another shot ;md simultaneously
the burglar .fired again. The policeman
foil out on tho sidewalk, but managed to
jlraw his pistol nn<1 fire twice at the flee
ing robber. One phot struck the side of
tlie saloon. No trace has been found of
tne other shot, and It may have hit the
burglar.
Chief Seymour thinks the burglar was
familiar with the district and the habiti
of the proprietor of the saloon. It is cus
tomary of Mr. Galli to close the 'place
about 7 o'clock Thursday evening, re
opening again at midnight, when the
fishermen begin to arrive with their Fri
day's stock. The thief evidently thought
he would find the receipts of the day In
the cash druwer and slot machine. But
it happened that Galli emptied hl3 cash
drawer before locking up, so the burglar
got nothing.
The detectives brought James Cox to
the station about 4:30 yesterday after
noon. They found him in a lodging house
on Folsom street. Half an hour later
they arrested McGregor in a saloon at
the corner of Fourth and Folsom streets,
McGregor has served a term of two years
for burglary. He has been out about rive
months. Both men claimed they were
In South San Francisco until 10:30 o'clock
Thursday night. Cox's right hand was
bandaged and he was sent to the Receiv
ing Hospital to have the wound examined.
The hospital physicians reported that the
Injury could not have been caused by a
bullet.
Confess to Several Burglaries.
In the course of the examination by
Chief Seymour the men confessed to hav
ing robbed a tailorshop at 190 Jesse street
three weeks ago, the Union candy work3
oji Fourth street an.i the residence of
Mrs. Valerie at 428 Pacific street two
weeks ago. They got away with about
$300 worth of jewelry at the latter place.
Detectives were busy last night investi-
K-atinK the truth of the stories told by
the two men relative to their whereabouts
Thursday evening.
The body of Nichols is now at Hal
ftead's undertaking rooms on Mission
street, where the funeral will be held Sun
day. Nichols was a member of the £\>r
esters, Benevolent Order of Elks and the
Special Police Ofticers' Association being
secretary of the latter organization. He
was born in Lakeville. Sonoma County
CaL, 40 years ago. He was the son of
A. R. Nichols, a pioneer carpenter of San
Francisco. He leaves a wife, three chil
dren and a brother. When he left his
notne at 427 Banks street, Bernal Heights
Thursday afternoon the last thing Nich
ols said to his wife was: "Look out for
me at the bottom of the hill to-morrow
mornincr and brinjr the children." Inva
riably the wife and children would meet
him on the hillside upon his return from
work.
¦\\ hen Nichols pockets were searched at
the hospital his revolver was found to
have contained but two cartridges both
of which had been fired. This peculiarity
is explained by his wife, who says they
were out on a tug Wednesday and Nichols
nrcd several shots at a bird and he must
have.lorgotten to refill the chambers
Laptain Seymour thinks the shooting
should result in the passage of an ordi
nance compelling all .stores to keep a lifrht
burning at night. The absence of a -ht
in a store would then warn the police that
something was wrong.
AMERICAN SEAMEN ON
AMERICAN TRANSPORTS
Labor Council Protests Against Em
ployment of Chinese Cfrews on
Vessels Flying Our Flag.
The employment of Chinese crews on
American vessels engaged In tho trans
port service between the port of San
l'rancisco and those of our new posses
sions in the Pacific brought out a loud
protest from the members of the San
Francisco Labor Council at last night's
meeting. -v
The preamble ana resolutions, which
were adopted by a unanimous vote, are
«.s follows:
n~hrr<*Kx. Th« great majority of vessels en
paised in tn«- Vntt*d States army transport
**-rvii-e between Pacific Coast ports and the
Philippine* and China are manned by Chinese
sind La*car rrms, and
Wher^aa. Th«>re is at present, and has always
V*en, a eufflclpr.t number of American teamen
and firemen able ani willing for reasonable
xxifr-pf-nsatlon to fupply the labor necessary for
;\h« .safe and c-fficlt-nt navigation of the trans
i«jrl>. and
Whcrpss, Representations have b*«n reiwat
edly ma<le to the authorities of the transport
Krvtce. to the War L><-;>artment and to Presi
,«l*nt McKlnley. M-ttir.s? forth the Injustice and
Annz'T of th^se conditions; and
? H'hrrwis, Apart from a promise to substitute
white lor Chinese deckhands in the case of
c~e of these v^^sels, a jToniise which has not
?et bc*B fu'f}'led. thrse representations have
ijrea pTfi^'ently ignored; therefore, be it
n*>po!v«i. Isy the San Kraneiwco Labor Coun
cil thct we e^aln protest against the con
tteoed f-mploymcnt of Chinese on transports
us <lan;;Tous to the lives of the troops, unjust
t.) Anvriran sfamen and f.rrmen and an act of
ernpr barf fait'i on the part of the Govern
r.s«-rt; and be it further
l.r-ci-.rd. That ve appeal to the rr o ?!< and
jr'lji'c to join In a pfr^-mptory demand for an
immediate n*'lff in the system of marainfi
ilie tr^r.^rwrt* and th^ «»mplojT.i»»nt thereon of
r<-w« c<<mix>s.c<l wholly of American seamen
and Crtzacn.
DAX DALEY, well known to the po
lice, was arrested in Dupont street
after midnight by Sergeant of Po
lice Helms on suspicion of being
the burglar who shot and fatally wounded
Special Policeman George F. Nichols
Thursday evening while resisting arrest
in the saloon of F. Galli at the corner of
Sansome and Merchant streets. Nichols
died at the Harbor Receiving Hospital
at 10:20 o'clock yesterday morning.
Daley was locked up in the tank at the
City Prison and will be put through the
sweating process by Chief of Detectives
Seymour this morning. He answers the
rather meager description given by Nich
ols of his slayer In every detail and the
police are confident they have, ihe right
man.
Two other suspects, Raymond Marion,
alias McGregor, and James Cox, both of
South San Francisco, were taken Into
custody by Detectives Anthony, Graham
and Fitzgerald yesterday afternoon on
suspicion of being connected with the
murder of Special Nichols. They were
put through the "sweating" process
for two hours at police headquarters
and at the close of the examination the
chief stated that he was pretty well sat
isfied that McGregor and Cox had noth
ing to do with the Sansome-street
tragedy. Their arrest, however, has
given the police light on a number of
small burglaries that have been commit
ted In the city of late, and both will be
held for breaking into three different
places since August 1.
SpecisJ Policeman Nichols was game
to the last. Although he suffered in
tense pain he bore up bravely and sub
mitted to repeated operations by Dr.
Kobinson at the hospital. One bullet,
which entered the back on the left side,
was taken out of the right side of the
abdomen. The second bullet entered the
abdominal cavity and was not recovered.
It was this shot that killed the police
man.
The Dying Man'3 NerVe.
Nichols was Conscious while the prob
ing was poinj? on and he .ioked with th-j
physicians and attendants in the midst
of the most painful periods. "Don't
tickle me, whatever you do." he would
pay as the doctors pierced his iU-sh with
tiie sharp instruments.
Nichols' devotion to his wife and fam
ily was manifested several times as he
lay on the operating table. Once, when
they took his money and counted it, he
requested that fifty cents be saved out
to pay a messenger whom he desired to
have notify his wife. A pathetic inci-
TWO SUSPECTED BURGLARS AND THE MURDERED SPECIAL POLICEMAN,
GEORGE F. NICHOLS.
XII.
(Concluded.)
'Colonel Higginson, in the book . I have
quoted, tells how, one summer day in
passing Cralgio house, he fell in with a.
young man who was eager to learn, the
whereabouts of that chestnut tree. The
colonel says:
I explained to him that the tree • • • had
now vanished altogether, but offered to .show
him where it once was and where the black
smith, shop of Dexter Pratt had stood. Yvalk
lng down the street with him 1 won his con
fidence by telling him that 1 was one of the
Cambricge-bred boys who had "looked in at
the open door'"; that the blacksmith's wffe.
Kowena Pratt, had been my nurse, and that
I had. in later life heard her daughter sing.
He told me in return that he was a youn^
Irishman, arrived in this country but the d«iy
before; that the first poetry he had ever learned
by heart at school was "The Village Black
smith," and that he had resolved that his first
act on reaching Boston should be to visit the
chestnut tree. "This," I said to myself, "Is
fame."
The tree, though no longer to be seen
on Brattle street, flourishes in immortal
green in the poem, and the spot where it
stood will continue to be pointed out from
generation to generation; but, curiously
tnough, the name of the blacksmith came
near being lost. Within a year there was
a lively discussion in a Bosion newspaper
whether the man was Pratt or anotner
smith— I forget his name — who wa* the
tenant of the shop about the same time.
It will be seen that Colonel Higginson's
book (published since the discussion ap
peared) settles the question, which, if I
remember right, was not satisfactorily de
cided in the newspaper.
If the name -of tne village smith had
been utterly lost his memorv would never
theless live in the poets verse. There is
no record of the name of the "Highland
Girl" whom Wordsworth saw near the
little waterfall at Inversnaid. Nothing is
known of her history before or after she
caught the poet's eye, as he was rambling
with his sister on the shores \>f Loch Lo
mond. But the poem has made the water
fall famous, though otherwise one would
scarcely notice it when he lands at In
versnaid to take the coach for Loch
Katrine and the Trossachs. Now every
tourist wants at least to get a glimpse of
it while the coaches are loading, or climbs
the short pathway beside It while they
crawl up the long, steep ascent of the
highway, and joins them at the top of tho
hill; and he carries away with him, as the
poet did, the vision of that lovely peasant
girl, nameless but enshrined forever In
Knglish verse:
For I, methinks, till I prow old,
As fair before me shall behold
As I do now the cabin email.
. ' The lake, the bay, the waterfall.
And thee, the spirit of them all!
Forty years after "The Village Black
smith" was written the poet, on his sev
enty-second birthday (February 27, 1879)
was presented by the children of Cam
bridge with a chair made from the wood
of the chestnut tree. The gift was appro
priately acknowledged by a poem ad
dressed to the children, which he had
printed on a sheet and used to give to
each child who visited him and sat In the
chair, as many of them did. Here the
single line given to the tree In the orig
inal poem is expanded into several
stanzas:
Well I remember It in all Its prime.
When in the summer time
The affluent foliage of its branches made
A cavern of cool shade. ,
There by the blacksmith's forge beside the
street.
Its bWSsoms white and sweet.
Kntlced the bees, until It seemed alive
And murmured like a hive.
And when the winds of autumn, with a shout.
Tossed its great arms about.
The shining chestnuts, bursting from tne
sheath, •
Dropped to the ground beneath.
I see again, as one in vision sees.
The blossoms and the bees,
And hear the children's voices shout and call.
And the brown chestnuts fall.
And thus, dear children, have ye made for me
This day a Jubilee.
And to my more than three-score years and ten
Brought back my youth again.
Only your love and your remembrance could
Give life to this Sead wood.
And make these branches, leafless now ao lone.
Blossom again in sons.
Longfellow was fond of Charles River,
as seen in -the distance from his house,
and hcught a tract of several acres on
the other side of Brattle street that tho
view might not be, cut off if the land
should- be built upon. After his death
this 'and was bought by a public sub
scription and converted "into a pleasant
park as 'a memorial of the poet.
In tho poem "To the Uiver Charles."
after referring to sundry reasons for lov
ing it, he says:
More than this— thy name reminds me
Of three, friands, all trus an-1 tried;
And "that name, like magic, binds me
Clcser, closer to thy side.
The three friends a're not Identified in.
the biography by his brother, who <*oes
not happen to comment on this particular
poem; but they arc known to have been
Charles. Sumrier, Charles Fol3om and
Charles ' Amory.
Lowell has also celebrated the Charles
River in more than one of his poems: as
in "An Indian Summer Reverie" where
fifteen Spenserian stanzas are given to a
description of the stream and the marshes
bordering it— "dear marshes"— as seen
from spring to winter); "An Invitation"
(whore again it is dwelt upon lovingly
and lingtringly). and "Under the Wil
lows," where he says:
the sliding Charles,
Blue toward the west, and bluer and more blue.
Living and lustrous as a woman's eyes
Look once and lojk no more, with southward
curve
Ran crinkling sunninpjs. like Helen's hair
Glimpsed in Elysium, insubstantial eold.
And so on to the end of the poem. I
must not take space lor the entire pass
age. ,
The "Willows" are near the river anrl
not far from Elmwood. marking th<;
course of a streamlet, now filled up or
covered up, which flowed into the Charles.
Lowell describes them as
six, a willow Pleiades,
The seventh fallen, that lpan al^ng the brink
Where the steep upland dips into the marsh.
Their roots, like molten metal cooled in flow
ing.
Stiffened in coils and runnela down the banit.
These trees a few years ago were likely
to be destroyed, as the ground was want
ed for house lots, but the protests against
the vandalism saved them from the fate
that earlier had befallen the chestnut
tree. More recently three of them have
: been Included in the park which is being
made on the river bank.
The Charles also flows under th»» usly
old bridge that suggested Longfellow's
poem "The Bridge." After having: been
partially rebuilt several times", with no
material improvement in its architecture,
it Is now undergoing demolition and will
he replaced by a more sightly structure.
Nobody Is disposed to protest against tho
destruction of this "bridge with wooden
piers" as against the felling of the chest
nut tree and the willows. It was not oM
enough to be venerable or to have any his
toric interest, and its ugliness was not
picturesque. The poet was not tempted to
describe it except in the four words I
' have quoted, and his reflections as he
"stood on the bridge at midnight" are
such as might have occurred to him on
any other bridge at the same place. The
chestnut tree was by no means a fine spec
imen of its species, but the poem linking"
it with a story of humble village life gave
it an Interest at once human and poetical.
The willows were picturesque in their oM
age, but that would not have saved them
; if a poet had not loved them and described
I them, and thus entwined their memory
with his own.
Lowell, by the way. refers to the brldg«
In his ode on the death of Agassiz. but It
is only the river and its surroundings on
which he dwells. He alludes to a "home
ward walk" with his friend
Across the bridge, where, on the dimpling tfda
The long red streamers from the windows glide.
Or. the dim western moon
Rocks her skiff's image on the broad hgoon.
And Boston shows a soft Venetian stde
In that Arcadian light when roof and tree.
Hard prose by daylight, dream In Italy.
I wanted to refer to other local allusions
in the verse of Longfellow. Lowell and
Holmes, and to sundry other matters con
nected with their personality, but already
' I have exceeded the space allowed me and
must close this random talk — for such only
it is. \V. J. ROLFE.
Cambridge, Mass.
Copyright, 1900, by Seymour Eaton.
LITERARY TALKS AND REMINISCENCES.
Carpenters were called from work yester
day on three buildings to which lumber
from mills working nine hours per day
was traced. The fact was made konwn
through the patrol system the millmen
have. There was one other development
yesterday in tho controversy between the
millowners and the Millmen's Union.
This was the adoption of a resolution by
the Associated Lumbermen and the Re
tail Lumber Dealers' Association pledging
"moral and financial support to the mill
owners." On both sides, therefore, the
contest was widened somewhat. The Mill
men's Union did not take any additional
action yesterday, nor did the millowners.
The resolution adopted by the Associated
Lumbermen and the Retail Lumber Deal
ers' Association was preceded by several
whereases. The full text is as follows:
Whereas, Certain of the workmen in the
planlnsr mills of this city have inaugurated a
strike, demanding of their employers that eight
hours shall constitute a day's work; and
Whereas, Tho mills of all localities with
which Pan Francisco planing mills compete,
viz.: all points In California away from San
Francisco Bay, Oregon. Washington and the
States east of the Rocky Mountains work ten,
eleven and twelve hours per day and pay twen
ty-five per cent to fifty per cent less wages
rer day; and
Whereas, Recently compiled figures show that
practically fifty per cent of the mill work done
In this city Is shipped to other localities, viz.:
Interior California, Honolulu. Mexico, Central
and South A mPrlca . and tne Eastern States;
and
Whereas, The usual high cost of mill work,
in this city, as compared with other localities,
has driven a large volume of lumber business
away that naturally belonged to the city and
thus deprived San Francisco workmen of the
work, the business community of the profits,
and the city nenerally of the advantage of the
commerce to which it was justly entitled. Full
proof of this Is furnished by the fact that a
large portion of the lumber used in this city
Is worked before It is shipped here; and
Whereas. The planing mill workmen, gener
ally, are among the best paid tradesmen of this
city— fully competent men commanding $3 to
$4 per day; and
Whereas, San Francisco, from its natural
Reographlcal situation and proximity to the
best forests in the world, should grow to be
one of the greatest lumber markets in the
world, but. as a matter of fact (which is eas
ily proven), has lost ground in recent years;
and
AYhereas. We believe the workmen are mis
led and are working against their own beat
.interests by insisting on that which would
treatly reduce the volume of work in this vi
cinity, and hence increase the competition
among themselves for the positions, and. there
fore, prevent many men finding work at their
chosen vocation, or compel what is generally
conceded to be a good class of cltzens to move
from this locality; therefore
Resolved, That we believe the millowners are
entitled to the favor of the community and
we hereby, pledge them our moral and If need
be our financial support to the end that they
may fully dictate tho management of their
own mills, believing: the workmen have little
at which they can Justly complain, and con
trary to the expectations of the workmen, thai
could they sustain the position they have
taken. It would be to their disadvantage as well
as to the disadvantage of their employers and
the community at large.
The mlllmen say that the action men
tioned in the foregoing does not signify
that the millowners have received any
added support, and explain in connection
with this assertion that the mills are
really largely owned by the lumber deal
ers. This is the view of the matter taken
by W. J. Black of the Millmen's Union as
he expressed It last night.
P. II. Goff of the executive committee
of the Building Trades Council said last
evening that the watch upon the lumber
turned out by the nine-hour mills is main
tained by night as well as by* day, and
that all the members of the trades repre
sented by the Building Trades Council are
kept informed concerning the destination
of all "unfair" lumber, and so are enabled
to take measures to see that the cause of
the millmen is not jeopardized by ignor
ance of the plans of the millowners and
sympathizers.
President McCarthy of the Building
Trades Council says that he knows about
the disposition of all the work sent out by
the non-union mills, and that he will no
tify all contractors who receive any of the
material of such origin. If the contractors
do not take the desired stand in the mat
ter their employes will be called out in all
instances. In this way the "unfair" lum
ber will be kept out of local use. Five
merchants and others, so Mr. McCarthy
added, sent back yesterday materials to
the "hine-hour mills that had been fur
nished for use in making repairs, and' he
expects" others to act in the same way.
Permission will be granted to the owners
of fair mills to run shifts by night as well
as by day, as by this means many of the
members of the Millmen's Union will be
able to pet work, and .the capacity of the
fair mills will be enlarged sufficiently to
enable them to satisfy all the local de
mand for materials for building.
Controversy Over the Eight-Hour
Day Causes an Extension of the
Field of Contest on Both
Sides.
Associated Lumbermen and
Retail Lumber Dealers
Take Action.
MILLOWNER AND
MILLMAN BOTH
STANDING FAST
The complication that has arisen In the
case of Servant William Price, the
charpe that he is not a member of the
department because he tendered his
resignation July 12 last year when he
esked to be put on the pension list, has
caused considerable commotion among
rr.»n who are drawing a pension.
It is considered improbable that the
rommissior.ers will /lake advantage of
a t-chnicaJIty to deprive a. deserving and
-r^clent officer of his position as a mem
r^r of the department just when it has
bt-en announce by the City and County
Attorney that he was illegally disrated
from lieutenant to sergeant by the old
board. Price Fimnly adopted the form
in vcpue as it was deemed necessary to
liret tender a resignation to the Police
Board before being put on the retired
list, the two boards boing separate and
<. stinct although formed of the same
.men. If Price had written: "I herewitn
tender my resignation as u active mem
ber of the department," instead of, "as
a member of the department.' there
could have been no dispute. The fact of
JTseif that ho was placed on the pension
mil showod that he was still a rmniber
of the department.
An examination of the records yester
<5ay showed that a large number who
arv> drawing pensions have no«?n retired
a> Price was retired under the disabil
ity ciauee. They are in the same po-
FH!<-n and som»» of them like Price have
I *<»n recalled for active duty. Among
Th^m are: C. C. Well?, retired January
BJ; !<#*: Patrick E. Fleming. Dennis Hay
it"n and Charles H. Hall, retired October
4. l^r:>; and a whole batch retired during
th*> last few days of the old board.
Among them aro James F. Moran. prop
erty clerk: Ca^sius P. W right, clerk to
t!i<= board: Sergeants Thomas \V. Bethel,
Hugh Monaphan, Thomas F. Flanders
and Edgar R. Harper. Policemen Joseph
r>-->ran. L*>vi Benjamin. P. F. Rathfon.
Thomas Hyrne, Maurice Behan. John J.
LTcmjoUr and Thomas H. Dlllion. Wright
ar<d Harp°r were recalled for active duty
at th* same time as Price.
All these m**n. like Price, tendered their
rpj-ifinations and asked to be placed on
the retired list under sections four and
Jive of the pension law. They are now
Oravring pensions and most of them
f-Tvui the city faithfully for nearly the
lull term of twenty rears.
Price's Resignation Will
Hardly Be Used Against
His Position.
Larg? Number of Other Police Officers
Now in Retirement Are in Pre
cisely the Same Sit
uation.
TECHNICALITY
THAT AFFECTS
ALL PENSIONERS
TEE SAX FKANOISCO CALL, SATURDAY. AUGUST 25. 1900.
Dan, Daleu Under Arrest on Suspicion of Killing Special
Policeman-Two Other Suspects Taken
• Into Custody.
NICHOLS DIES AND MURDERER
MAY BE BEHIND PRISON BARS
Japan Is Expanding.
GIgero Yamaoka. Japanese Controller of
Customs at Kobe, visited the San Fran
cisco Custom-house yesterday and had a
long talk with Port Collector Jackson and
First Deputy N.-S. Farley. Mr. Yamaoka
is inquiring into the Custom-house system
of all civilized countries in the world witfc
Greenberg Demands Damages.
Hyman Greenberg ha3 sued the "Western
Turf Association to recover 115.000 dam
ages. Plaintiff alleges that he was injured*
In the sum sued for by the action of th&
defendant corporation in refusing htm ad
mittance to Tanforan Park and denying
him the right to sell racing guides to tho
patrons of the track.
The L,ast Day.
To-morrow will be the last Sunday ot
this season at El Campo. The Ukiah will
make her usual three round trips to ac
commodate all comers.
In the Divorce Court.
THE CALL'S
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
A TALK ABOUT LONGFELLOW: BY DR. ROLFE.
9
"In speaking to a friend lately about
Postum Cereal, she said she did not like
it. I found the reason was that it had
not been made properly. After I told
jifr to take four heaping teaspoons of
JC'^tum to the pint of water and let it
JOo:\ full fifteen minutes after the real
boiling ftarted. she was greatlv delight-
ed with it and has been using it since
and has been very much better; in health.
Your? truly." Mrs. L. S. McEllimmev.
1218 G street, N. W., Washington, D. C.
"Since that time we have been using
Postum Cereal Food Coffee and my
heart has never troubled me at all. . We
?re all delighted with the Postum be-
cr.u c e we kno;v how to make it and
know how valuable it is as a health
beverage.
'So. when the trouble passed off, I
concluded never to use coffee again. It
had hurt me greatly, used in the ordi-
nary way with cream and sugar, but I
had hoped that it would be less harmful
without the cream and sugar, but the re-
sult was no better.
¦'My heart seemed to be jumping out
of my body one morning after I had
used some coffee, clear, without cream
or sugar — for I had been told that cof-
fee wojlri not hurt me if used that way.
We were all greatly frightened at the
Serious condition of my heart until I re-
membered thzt it might be from the
coffee.
Action.
Slowly and Surely Affects the Heart's
COFFEE AND HEART
DISEASE
POSTUM CEEEAL.NEW TORK, Aug. ; 24.— Bradstreet's to-mor
row will say: Contrary trade currents still
give an appearance of Irregularity to the entire
situation, but good and unfavorable influences
conspire to bring about a sort of balance which
accords well With the weather conditions and
the particular season! of, the year. If, clearings
returns are to be regarded - the ¦ tide of- trade
was about at Its ebb last week, but It Is well
known that clearings rarely, except in times
ot speculative excitement, reflect present con
ditions. • In the Iron trade the corner has ap
parently been . turned f or . the better and ther*
is a perceptible Improvement In , the . jobbing
Articles— ¦ ' Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
August 74 75U 74 74»i
September 74U 75% 74' 74%
October 75V4 76\i 74% 75H
Corn No. 2 —
August 40 -40 39»4 39%
September .......... 39 39*1 3S% 39
October 37% 3SH 37% 37T4
Oats No. 2—
August ..... 81V4 21^ IWx 21^
September ...... ZlVi 21% 21 V4 21%
October ............ ,22% 22*4 22 22
Mess pork, per barrel-
September ..........11 00 1120 1100 1117%
October .. 11 07^i 11 30 11 G7VJ . 11 23
January ........ 1115- 1120 11 12^4 ' 11 12*5
Lard, per 100 pounds— . •
September ........:. 6 724 6 82^ 6 72^ 6 82^
October .../... 6 77>4 6 87% 6 77% 6 S7%
January .......;.... C 52% . 6 55 6 52% 6 55
Short riBs, per 100 pounds—
September... ..7 05 7 07% 7 05 7 07%
October 7 00 - 7 07% 7 00 7 05
January 5 §2% 6 92% 6 90 . 6 92%
CHICAGO, Aug. 24.— Wheat opened quiet and
easy on disappointing' cables which Induced
selling by yesterday's buyers, September start
ing Vi@%c lower, 74%c to 74c. Liverpool showed
an advance of only %d. The bearish feeling
prevalent at the start changed during the
first fifteen minutes. The factor was the ex
tremely gloomy tone of Northwest reports. It
was reported that in many sections of th?
spring wheat territory farmers would not be
able to get seed. The rains, it was said, had
caused sprouting and growing in shock. This
sort of information Bent shorts to cover and
their buying, combined with orders from tht>
Northwest, sent September up to 75Hc Th^
bulsre met profit-taking, but the market held
with considerable strength, closing U@%c over
yesterday at 74?ic
Corn was quiet and easy, for the rains which
were doing damage to wheat in shock were
helping the corn crop. September Closed Uc
lower at 3S"4@39c.~
In oats prices hung close to yesterday's mark.
September closed %c lower at 21V4@21Hc .
Provisions were quiet . and . firm on a good
export demand. There was nothing In the way
of fresh information to affect prices. Septem
ber pork clcsed 20c higher, lard 10c higher and
ribs 2Vic better.
The leading • futures ranged as follows:
NEW YORK. Aug. 24.— Bradstreet's Finan
cial Review to-morrow will say: ¦ '
Pronounced dullness etlll prevails In the
stock market, the total transactions at the
New York Stock Exchange on several days
this week falling to below ¦ 100,000 shares. The
public Is entirely out of the market and the
large financial Interests are apparently waiting
for a revival of general activity. Some invest
ment purchases are apparently In nrogress
from time to time In the dividend paying part
of the railroad share list and there has also
been more or less manipulation of a few stocks.
It is, however, a long time since the market
has been so lifeless or so devoid of features.
The London market Is to all appearances as
dull. If not duller, than our own. The large
Increase of the Bank of England's gold re
8ervf^, amounting to £4,400,000, representing
the shipments from New York on account of
the war loans subscriptions, has eased the
London money market to such an extent that
there Is no longer any - reason to apprehend
further withdrawals of gold from this country.
Tho money market has been relieved from this
danger and at the same time has been helped
by the large disbursements the New York
sub-treasury has made on account of the re
demption of the old 2 per cent bonds. . Easy
money, however. ¦ has .little effect In view of
the total absence of speculative Interest.
The crop news was on- the whole favorable,
desr>lte the prevalence of drought in the ex
treme West. Little effect was produced by the
greater activity of the iron . and steel . trades
though the Industrials as a class were firmer.
The general list was on the whole steady and
bear selllnjr by the traders did not bring out
any stocks. The only real activity was In ' a
few manipulated Issues. 1
Bradstreet's on Trade.
New York Stock Market.
NTTU* TORK. Aug. 24.— Dullness continues to
be the most notable characteristic of the for
?ij^i security markets ar.1 New York displays
the same lack of activity. The general h#>a
itajicy is ascribed to the perplexities of the
Chinese situation. Speculation was aa unin
teresting tonlay as for some time past anj
movement? in special stocks were attributed
to Independent influences. A general trend
toward lower prices was noted. ".v!th the ten
dency favored In part by conspicuous weak
ness of specialties. Movements in the rallroa.l
list were uniall, but some large fractions wer*
clipped off Northern Pacific arour.u mid'i-iy
when the jfenpral tendency downward arsumsJ !
eoir.e force. The faJIur* at St. l'au! to reFpon.i
to Its increa>* !r> earnings of S75.341 for the
third week in Augu.n dlfccuratred buying ot
the Westf-rn ttocks. Southern Pacihc wa:'
ceait In cr.ly to th^ extr-r.t cf iOO shares and
¦M transactions whatever occurred after the
anmuacenit-iit that the HuaUagton holdin«»
•would not come on the market. Susar vr^a
<;uite. prominent ana ran off l»i on dW-ussion
U to future trade rondltionc. Capital was
ir.afle by the txtan- aut of the announcetnent
of tbe incorporation of a nev.- company to
*-nter tbe Ci-.i^auo gas fi«id. It did not «lo
velop what UM relaiior.s of the new ra p an y
v.'culd be with the Ptople'l Gas Company, bui
the bearti put the price down a point, "which
v.-cs. however. reg^airicU toward the end "n
tho:t covering. Stocks . cf local corporation:
tfl5;>Iayed ina^-ke<1 heaviness at Intervals. Amer
ican Ice. Orockiyr) Tranxlt nn<l Ccnsolidated
Ocs yielded from 1&33U l*r cent. No deflnite
n<:vts accompsinled tl;e movement?, but th«i
v.-eukners of the larter »af Bild to be realizing 1
induced by lt» lato nota!;!- rise. Some Intertst '
v.-fts anusod bjr a bresU of s points in I^acka- ''
•wanna, which is us?ual!y very much neglected.
Tr3 % :?2.-." 4 ion« in the stock "reached a thousan-J
rhcrts end there rrp* z Knal rally of 2 ixilnts.
Jr. n industry showed a decided improvement
end that negotiations witli Jab^r crsanization^
were In a fair way to h* adjust'-J raMsfar
toril;.- did not impart any strength to the metal
irroup. »hich wa> reaciior.ar>- all round, aside
iron* Tennej.3?e CoaV vhi'-h Improved 1%.
Bends' were irregular, with heavy realizations
!n fit. Louis South-vpstern the feature. Total
eale*.. par value, J7C;.f<00.
l.'aUed States new ¦is advanced '4 per cent
and the rerun ilinjc 2s. wiion issued, ilecllncd
U I>er cent in the !ild price.
NEV." YORK STOCK: LIST.
EV.!»re-s ' Closlnr
Sold. Stocks— Bid.
1.490 Atchlson 27
- 4,<53 Atchlson prefd 70
2.S50 U3iUaore & Oblo - 71%
There was nothing new on the morning ses
sion of the Bond Exchange. Business waa
quiet. The afternoon session was equally dull
and featureless.
There was nothing new In the oil stocks.
The Oceanic Steamship Company has declared
a dividend of 50c per share, payable Septem
ber 1. .
The monthly dividends of (Oe r^r share by
the Hawaiian Commercial and Sugar Company
and the Makawell Sugar Company will be pay
able to-day.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
FRIDAY. Aug. 21—2 p. m.
Bid. Adit. ; ma. Ask.
XJ S Bonds- ! f,<l ult .G 1 .- £6. 3i s 3U
4s quar coup.. 113 H? 10 - >JL
4<? An ree 113 US O O L « H 4J l j 4,«i
4s do cp*new::&< s l34>, Pac fa* Imp.. - 11%
Geary C -.^ Si 1 - » KSS?.S3£5 ~
a & S -H». An*!o-C5H Ltd. 6S
1 ri co'sj - - '-a! S D & T..103 . --*
t °? IV.,% S"lW 10"A!Lon P & A....134?i_
Stortrt5t^:«7HW0 X-v Nat Bk. - -
£ » 5fC«Ifc?ffl — " unl K & L.. — —
*£ Vs .: ; ck - s., * l so.... n »
£ w' 1 & lilll 112 ~n*°n T Co.... - —
JSkWcScMJi- *V» California ....123 .
fVean'C S CO..F7 105 C.eary-st 50 . — .
n4 Icny 6s ...1!S - Market-st «%«•
p2or.K6V.115 - Presidio - 12V4
Poweil-stP- «s.12O — Powder Stocks—
Fac El G&n^. 90% - California ....1^ 18?H
S F*& SJV as.lWV-lMU Oiant Con Co. — li'»
S K of Cal 6a.lll>»lll*4!Vigorit 3 i^
P of A 6a...lllS — I S-:*r Stocks—
S P C 6?. (13-15) — — |Hana S P Co. 7>i S
Do (Wi) i.l.USVt — Haw C & 9 Co 37 —
Do (1312) .... — 121'i Honokaa S Co. r>U —
3 pkCisi gtnsa — - Hutch S P Co. K'4 24
S P Br 63 — 123 Kilauaa SP Co 21 22
S V Water 6a.lir> — Maksrweti S Co 44 «4^i
Do 4s 102%103 Onomea S Co. 2T 28
Do M mtg...l0--' — iPaauhau S Co. 23?6 iOvi
Etocktn Gas Gs 99^ -* ! .V!»-n .-llanpous—
Water Stock*— jAl Pack A5Bn.llS.«ill^'i
Contra Costa.. 63H ftt% Cal Fruit A»ah ».". 9S
AJarln County. M^ — M«r r.x A«n. 37 lOn
Spring Valley. 0.". S^i Oceanic S Co.. jS'jj S."
Ga» & Electric—' : Pac A K A 2 —
Cent C. & L Co — — I Pac C Bor Co. 100 152«i
Cent L &. P Co 4 5 I Far I'nint Co. UY t —
Mcrnlns Session.
Board— / V
23 Giant Powder Con S3 r A
100 Hutchlnson S P Co r?v>V
80 Makaweli S Co '. 44 n>
25 Market Street Railway 64 --"
5 Market Street Railway 64 S7 ? i
THE STOCK PMRKET.
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange. €0 days — $4 Sa
St-rling Exchange, sight — 4 SS',*
Sterling Cables — 4 83H
New York Exchange, sight — tVx
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 10
Fine Silver, per ounce — 61'/4
Mexican Dollars, nominal — 49
Wheat and Other Grains.
"WHEAT— Liverpool futures were firmer.
Paris futures ¦were lower. Argentine shipments
were 800,000 bushels.
The Produce Exchange dropped the Chicago
quotations and' operated on those of New York,
owing to their grreater frequency.
Chicago opened easy, but recovered. Local
traders were moderate sellers, but holders were
generally firm and not disposed to let go. The
market seemed to be on a good exporting basis.
There were large flour sales, and there was
a good demand from the Northwest.
This market opened firm on call, but fell
back. Spot quotations advanced another frac-
Sp'ot Wheat— Shipping. U 05; Milling, $1 07%
@1 10.
CALL BOARD SALES
Informal Session— 9:15 » o'clock— December—
4000 ctls, $niH: 4000, 5111%; 10,000, jnui;
14,000, Jl 11%. May— 2000. $1 16.
Second Session — December — 6000 ctls, $1 11H:
2000. ?1 ll»/i.
"Regular Morning Session— December— 2000 ctls,
$1 11; 4000, $1 lO'i; 4C00. U 10%; 2000, $1 10%.
May— 2000, 1115%:- 2000, *1 15%.
Afternoon Session — December — 6C00 ctls,
$1 10>i: 2000. U 10%: 40CO. $1 10%; 2000, U 10T».
May— 200O. $1 15%; 4CC0, U 16.
BARLEY— There is nothing new to report in
this market.
Feed. 75c for Xo. 1 and 67U@72l4c for oft
grades; Brewing and shipping grades. 77' / 4@S5c;
Chevalier, nominal.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— No sales.
Second Session — December — SOOO ctls, 77c.
Regular Morning Session — No sales.
Afternoon Session — Xo sales.
PATS— Previous prices rule, with a quiet
but firmly held market. |
White— $1 15W1 35, Surprise. $1 35®1 40; Red,
$1 10@l 20: Gray. *1 12H*fJl 23; Black, for feed,
?1 10«il 15; for seed. $1 13®1 22»A per ctl.
CORN— Eastern. $1 22»,i; California Large
Yellow, $1 20(5 1 2214 per ctl; White, $1 20@l 22^;
Small Round Yellow, $1 2*)@1 22^.
RYE— S'H'SSOc per ctl.
liUCKWHEAT-Nomlnai.
Flour and Millstu ffs.
FLOUR— California Family Extras. W 80®
3 75, usual terms: Bakers' Extras. $3 40@3 50;
Oregon and Washington, $2 75@3 10 per barrel
for family and $3 15@3 50 for, bakers'; Eastern,
$4 75<?75 75 per barrel. .
MILLSTUFFS — Prices in sacks are as" fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, ?3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 'I; Rye
Meal, 12 50; Rice Flour. $7; Corn Meal, $2 73;
extra cream do. $3 50; Oat Groats. $4 SO: Hom
iny, $3 6<Vg3 75: Buckwheat Flour. J4{?4 25-
Cracked Wheat. J3 50; Farina. $4 50; Whole
Wheat Flour, $3 25; Rolled Oata (barrels), js
@7 25; In sneks. $3 75@7;. Pearl Barley.j $3;
SpUt Peas. $3: Green Peas. J5 50 per 100 lbs.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
. AH descriptions under this head remain un
changed. . ! :¦ -. _; . ' :
BRAX— J12@12 50 per~ ton.
MIDDLINGS— $16019 per ton. -
FEEDSTL'FFS— Rolled Barley. tlG#17 50 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, $;6>Ti27; jobbing
EASTERN MARKETS.
Nezu York Grain and Produce.]
NEW YORK. Aug. 24.— FLOUR— Receipts.
19.084; exports, 18,950 barrels; sales, S750 pack
ages; market was firm and a little more active.
WHEAT— Receipts. 205,775 bushels; exports,
53,493 bushels; sales, 4.375.000 bushels futures;
280,000 bushels expert; apot, strong; No. 2 red,
Sl%c f. o. b. afloat; No. 2 red, 79%c elevator;
No. 1 Northern Duluth. 85c i. o. b, afloat;
No. 1 hard Duluth, SSc t. o. b. afloat. Options
had an easier opening, because of unsatis
factory foreign markets, but were quickly
turned by predictions of smaller winter re
ceipts, covering and more rain In the North
west. Continuing strong through the after
noon they closed firm at %c net advance:
sales included No. 2 red May. clc«ed at 84Hc;
September. "9 l-16@S0 5-16c, closed at 80c; Oc
tober, SO 1 ,igSO%c, closed at SO^c; December,
80 15-16@S4%c. closed at S2c.
HIDES— Firm.
HOPS— Quiet. *¦'?'.'¦'.,
WOOL— Dull.
COFFEE— Spot Rio. market quiet; Xo. 7 In
voice, S%c; mild, dull; Cordova, nominal. Fu
tures started steady In tone with prices 5 points
higher for September and unchanged for other
months. During much of the session business
was dull, with prices off 10 points from the
opening under pressure from the beaf side and
a lack of speculative support. Liquidation fol
lowed unsatisfactory cables, heavy receipts at
Rio and Santos, light warehouse deliveries and
poor demand for spot coffee. The market,
closed barely steady, with prices net 10 points
lower; sales, 35.500 bags, Including September,
J7 25@7 30: October, $7 35; November, $7 40; De
cember, $7 SO®? 60: January, $7 50@7 60; March,
$7 60@7 70; May. »7 6o(S"! "5.
SUGAR — Raw, steady; fair refining, 4>4c;
centrifugal, 96 test, 4?4c; molasses sugar, 4c;
refined, firm.
BUTTER— Receipts, 3347 packages; firm:
creamery, 18<ff22c; current packed factory. 11
@16c.
DRIED FRUITS
EGGS— Receipts. 3382 packages; firm; West
ern, loss off. 16@17c; Western, regular packing,
at mark, 10@llc.
Buyers do not show any material increased
interest in the dried fruit market and the
general situation Is unchanged. Sellers are in
disposed to offer concessions, however, and the
market ruled generally steady despite the
apathy. ,
PRUNES— 3^4@7c per pound, as to size and
quality.
APRICOTS— Royal, ll@14c; Moorpark, lS^JlTc.
PEACHES— Peeled, 14@18c; unpeeled, 6*g&c.
STATE EVAPORATED APPLES— Common.
3<55c: prime, *X.<8$\-ic; choice. 5Viig6c; fancy,
6%@7c.
Nczu York Metal Market.
NEW YORK, Aug. 24.— Tin again scored an
advance, but the rest of the list was weak and
heavy, following poor cables and depressing
news from primary domestic ports. The for
mer metal was supported by fair demand and
improvement abroad. At the close the Metal
Exchange called:
P1GIRON— Warrants weak and nominal at
*li.
LAKE COPPER— Very quiet at »16 62V4-
TIN— Firmer at $31 10@31 25.
LEAD— Dull at $4 25. The brokers' price for
lead Is $4 and for copper $16 75.
SPELTER— Easy, at $4 10®4 23.
New York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK, Aug. 24.— The cotton market
opened easy, with August contracts unchanged
and other positions E><&7 points lower. The
market reacted 6@" points on covering, the In
terior movement being exceptionally small, and
closed quiet at a net loss of 8@10 points.
Butter 13 cheaper. Eggs and Cheese ar«
dearer.
There Is no change xvorthy of note in Miat*
and Poultry.
Fruits and Vegetables continue in their usual
larfre midsummer supply at the usual moderate
prices.
Coal, per ton —
Cannel % *S13 00' SouthfieJd
Wellington .. ®11 CO Wellington fill 00
•Seattle 9 0t"3 Coos Bay ® 7 50
Dairy Produce, etc.—
«utter, per sqr...4C ? ?"5; Ranch Eggs, per
Do. per roll 4ifi'4.">| dozen 25S3-J
Cheese. Cal 12i??!.'> Honey Comb, per
Cheese. Eastern.. .17fi 20' pound 13"?2i1
Cheese. Swiss XftVi Do, extracted. ..10@12
Common Esgs — Ct'.'O
Meats, per lb—
Bacon 1*^17 Pork, salt 15«n
Eeef, choice 15-520 Pork Chops 15-aH
Do. *r>o<i 10-al2IRound Steak 1P«U
Corned Beef — @10, Sirloin Steak 1.'®—
Ham. Eastern lyffl'i Porterhouse do...2QG:T»
Lard — WIj! Smoked Beef — 1*515
Mutton 10<W13 ! Pork Sausages.. 12W*'^
Spring Lamb 12Slj!Veal —©15
Pork, fresh lSk-)i
Poultry and Game —
Hens, each 50S63 Ducks, each 50t?«>l>
Young- Boosters, Geese, each... 11 50;gl 73
each 60573 Pigeons, pair. 40<Jp)
Old Roosters, ea.— (530 Rabbits, pair 40"35<>
Fryers, each 4OS4."; Hare, each — ft-*
Broilers, each ?5@4O Ix>ves, per dz.TZcQtl 00
Turkeys, per ib-.-ia&ih* ...
Fruits and Nuts-
Almonds, per lb.-lJC— ; Limes, per doz...lo'?—
Apples 41? 5 ' Lemons, fioz !$tl —
Bananas dozen. ..l""S20; Nectarines, per lb Vw 9
Blackberries, dr.. 25'933l Plums, per lb 4^5
Crabapples. per lb 4-a 5; Quinces, per !?>... 5fp «
Cantaloupes, each 5W13 1 Raisins, per lb.... 8{?15
Figs, per 1T> 6'ti 1 S; Raspberries, dwr.4(«S'.V>
Grapes. p»r lb 4« 8; Peaches, per lb... 44J «
Watermelons. ea..!3@3ii Strawberries, per
Nutmeg Melons, drawer 25&5J
each — ®5 Walnuts, per lb..lj@—
Oransrs, doz — @—
Vegetables —
Artichokes. doz...3(l-f?5o : Onlorsss. per lb S? ."
Beets, doz 12<?15 Okra, green pr lb.lO«at2
Beans, white. To., of? 6 Peppers, green, lb iflV)
Colored, per lb. 4f« 5 Potatoes, per lb.. ZJi ">
Lima, per lb — © S. Sweet Potatoes... 45? 5
Cabbage, each Z1i\<) Parsnips, per doz.l."*!? —
Cauliflowers, each 3B10 Radish»s. tlz bchslOWT!!
Celery, bunch iit? — Sage, doz bnehs. .25-fT35
Cress, doz bnchs.20'5'25! String P.eans. lb.. SU 5
Cucumbers, pr dz.lOS— ¦ Summer Sauash.
Egg Plant, lb IO10I per lb *tt 3
Green Corn. doz.. 10fT~0 Thyme, per lb WftZ*
Green Peas, fb . Lffi S Turnips, per doz.lo4?V>
Lettuce, per doz.lG^—i Tomatoes. pe» lb. 4© 5
Fish-
Barracuda 12©— IShad l(Vf?—
Carp SfTlO'.Sea Bass — tf? — ,
Codflsh 12-S— ! Smelts 123—
Flounders 8ftlO Soles iflS-^
Halibut 10ft— Skates, each S'tfl2
Klngflsh »«— 'Tomco.1 — <f?!0
Mackerel I7.ift — ' Clams, galion SOfJ—
Do. Horse 12^-®—, Uo hardshell. Jb S'iT—
Perch l^ful^iCrabs. each 12V 7 ?--
Pompino OCff— Do soft^hell. d2 40W—
Rorkfish — ftlO; Mussels, quart.... S1H0
Salmon, fresh lLftV Oyster*. Cal. 1OA..4O0M
Do. smoked — <S13 j E>o Eastern. doi2;,(J40
Shrimps 8S10!
Family Retail Market.
Charters.
Tb* Eudora !o<uis wheat and barley for
Europe. SSs Cl; the Hooncke. wheat fcr Europe,
SZe.
Foreign Imports.
Korelpn Imports at th!.« pert durir.j the first
eeven months of the year amounted to ?2S.3S3.
600, against EM.SlO.rtfO fcr the same time !r. 1S39,
the leading- Sivurces being as follows: From
Japan, $4.:.2u.3uO; China, S4.C2it.i^0: «reat
Britain, $!.:;>>,&/; Hawaiian Iflajids, |5.:.9!»,B30;
Central America, $2,145,000; Ilrltifh Columbia,
fl.M2.000; East Indies, tJ.20J.230L
Merchandise for Victoria.
The Fteamer Cmatilla Bailed yesterday for
Victoria with a general cargo, valued at 120,422.
pi which $2240 was for Cincinnati, and the bal
ance fcr Victoria. Tlie following were the
principal shipments,,
I-\>r Victoria— S3 crs arms and ammunition. 40
Fks beans, 7M cs canned goods, ISM lbs coffee.
2720 lbs chocolate. 34 pkss Chinese provisions.
1 cs drygixxis, 1U<6 rki^s dried fruit. C2 cp drugs.
"337 cs fruit. 17 cyls C3 pkgs groceries and
provisions. 37 cs hardware. 26 bars iron, 10 pkgs
machinery. C5.S»."o His malt. 5 libls plaster, 6 cs
phonographs, 130 cs paste, 1!*>} lbs peas. S b<JIs
j>ipe, 63 bxs raisins, 5 bWs oil, 100 crs potatoes,
7* 4'3 lbs soda, 10 kegs Fpikes, &0 bales salt, 314
Vkgs tank luml>er. 24€2 lbs tobacco, 15 bbls
tallow blocks. U rkers vegetables, 1" gals £ cs
«ine. 4 r»^els wire. 4 pkXa maj-ble. 4 kegs horse-
Ehops, 7 Mis stee!. 2T» empty keps.
For Cincinnati— l«.'S bbls pickled cherries.
Merchandise for Central America.
The steamer Barraccuta Failed yesterday fnr
CfT.tral American ports with a general cargo,
valued at $S4. 170. including the following:
£30 reels l>arbe<l wire. 240 bbis 40 ce cement.
C Ct arms and ammunition, I 1 ) bales coffee
tacks, 50 cs coal oil, 10 cs codfish, 37 cs dry
po<;dt% 3413 Mils flour. SS l'ks? machinery, i>6 cs
12 bbls oil. tSS crs potatoes. 5 crs onions, 224
keps white lc-ad. 35 bdis shooks, G kegs staples.
C l»kgs tank material, 5 Mils tar, 4 cs turj^n
tine, 10,2.'X) Iba rice, 50 M!s spice, CO cs & bbls
wfalxky, 4^1 gals wine. M33 railroad ties, 2CS,-
CS4 ft lumber, 5 crs raiiroad material. 2 cs
jaint. 2 cs varnish, 36 5 kps groceries and pro
vision. 2 cs bet-r. 14 ;.kss fruit. 3 cs hardware.
in transit— 2 cs cigr.rs, valued at 1200.
Wcathcr Report.
<120th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
FAN FRANCISCO, Aug. 24, OW-& p. m.
The following maximum temperatures were
reported from stations in California to-day:
Kureka 64 Red liluff 68
Mount Tamalpais BC Sacramento W
lndejiendence SS San Luis Oblspo 74
J'resno £6 Kan Diego CS
Los Ang«?les S;>
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
Jl; Riir.imum, ~A: mean. 66.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
An area of high pressure overlies the Cana
dian frontier from Vancouver Island to the
preat lakes. A st-rie^- of ftorm centers appear
t<» be traveling tanward through the Northern
States. Tlie ;r*-i^uiv has also fallen along the
• ¦¦••ati of Caiiiornia from San Francisco to Eu
itka and there is a possibility that the low
ar»-a now over Wafhinctoa may extend south
ward into Northern California.
Jta-in lias fallen over 'Washington
Er.d Nonh»rn Oivjon. A rainfail of 1.0S inches
it rern rted at Nesh Bay.
The termxTature has risen over the northern
half of the Pacific Slop*. There has been a
f harp drop in temperature over Southern Utah.
Jn the great valleys of California the tempera
tures are •Increasing and the usual • high tem
peratures ir.ay be expected Saturday afternoon
and Sunday.
T!ie ftJlowir.2 maximum wind velocities are
reported : N^ah. 22 inilee per hour from the
F'.uthwtst; Kurfka, 30 from the northwest; StLn
Franci^co, il6 from the southwert, and Port
land, 3", souti-wcst.
F<~re<-aFt. made at Pan Francisco for thirty
hours ending mMr.ierht. August 2i. 1900:
XOETHtllX fALIFOlCClA- Fair Saturday.
«-xeept in extreme northern portion, where
f-howers may <x;cur; fre(=!i Westerly winds on the
coast; northerly winda Inland.
Southern Calirornia— Fair Saturday; fresh
wetteriy winds.
Nevada — ClouOy Saturday, with rain In north
ern portion.
l't;-h— Cloudy Saturday, showers Saturday
r.icht; warmer.
Arizona — doa&y Saturday.
San Francisco and vicinity — Fair Saturday:
brisk wi-Merly wintiF. with fog in the afternoo'n.
ALEXAXDEK G. McADIE.
Forecast Official.
?
300 Canadian Pacific 89
Canada Southern 49
300 Chesapeake & Ohio 27U
Chicago Great Western 10\ 1
2.C2J Chicago Burlington & Quiney 12514 |
Chicago ln>liana;x>lis & Louis 22
Chicago Indianapolis & Louis profd. 52
Oi.icauo & Eastern Illinois 96H
300 Chicago & Northwestern 162H
2,430 Chicago Itock Island & Pacific 10CH
C" C C £c S5t Louis SSH
Colorado Southern 6
Co'ioradb Southern 1st prefd 42
100 Colorado Southern 2d prefd 16
Delaware & Hudson U2»-i |
1.000 Delaware Laokawanna Sz Western.. 176^1
Denver & Rio Grande IS** |
Denver & Rio Grande prefd 66*4 (
Erie 10»4 L
Erie let prefd 33 1
Great Northern prefd 152
Hocking Coal »"r |
Hocking Valley 34H |
520 Illinois Central H6Vj
350 Iowa Central 19
10*) Iowa Central prefd 43
Lake Erie & Western 28H
Lake Erie & Western prefd 92
Lake Shore 209
6*) Louisville & Nashville 71%
530 Manhattan L 91H
200 Metropolitan Street Railway 133»i
Mexican Central HH
100 Minneapolis & St Louis 55
100 Minneapolis & St Louis prefd 93
1.7W Missouri Pacific 51U
Mobile & Ohio 3"
Missouri Kansas & Texas 9*4
130 Missouri Kansas & Texas prefd.... 30V»
LSSS New Jersey Central 136"^
5O0 New York Central 129'i
2<*> Xorfolk & Western 33*i
3O0 Norfolk & Western prefd 74^s
5.310 Northern Pacific oO» t
Northern Pacific prefd 71
3uO Ontario & Western 20 T *
Oregon Railway & Navigation 42
Oregon Railway & Navigation pfd. 76
3,ooo Pennsylvania 12ST4
200 Reading 16%
1.7:* Reading 1st prefd 58
Reading 2d prefd 2SH
Rio Grande Western 60
R!o Grande Western prefd 90
St Louis & San Francisco S%
2*iO St Louis & San Francisco 1st pfd. 67
200 St Louis & San Francisco 2d prefd. 33»£
1.930 St Louis Southwestern 13
6,2*0 St Louis Southwestern prefd 29^4
3,370 Pt Paul 113 J ,4
100 St Paul prefd 172
St Paul & Omaha 112
500 Southern Pacific 33%
Southern Railway 11
300 Southern Railway prefd 52
200 Texas & Pacific 14H
5,970 ITnlon Pacific 5S**
400 Union Pacific prefd 75%
Wabash "'4
Wabash prefd 15^
590 Wheeling & Lake Erie 8»i
2<V) Wheeling & Lake Erie 2d prefd 23%
500 Wisconsin Central 1*Va
Third Avenue 109
Express Companies —
Adams 123
American 155
ITnited States 45
Wells Fargo 123
Miscellaneous —
American Cotton Oil S3»i
American Cotton Oil prefd SSH
American Malting 4Vi
230 American Malting prefd 23^
American Smelting & Ref... 37^»
American Smelting & Ref prefd SSH
American Spirits IV*.
American Spirits prefd 17
400 American Steel Hoop 19Vi
American Steel Hoop prefd 65
2,r;5 American Steel & Wire 34»i
200 American Steel & Wire prefd 74^
400 American-Tin Plate 26
100 American Tin Plate prefd 77'^
1.100 American Tobacco 92}i
American Tobacco prefd 12S
gOO Anaconda Mining Co U%
1S.S73 Brooklyn Rapid Transit ..'. 63%
Colorado Fuel & Iron 34H
1,300 Continental Tobacco ta%
Continental Tobacco prefd 77
1.2C0 Federal Steel 34
160 Federal Steel prefd 66^
100 General Electric 137H
465 Glucose Sugar 51*i
Glucose Sugar prefd 9S
123 International Paper 22*i
425 International Paper prefd 66
Laelede Gas 75V4
COO National Biscuit 31
National Biscuit prefd 84>4
National Lead 17^4
National Lead prefd SS^i
323 National Steel 24
ISO National Steel prefd S4
New York Air Brake 130
500 North American 15
225 Pacific Coast 55
Pacific Coast 1st prefd S6
Pacific Coast 2d prefd 64
120 Pacific Mail 31
10.460 People's Gas 95TA
300 Pressed Steel Car 38%
Pressed Steel Car prefd 70
Pullman Palace Car 186*4
830 Standard Rope & Twine 5%
9.S00 SuKar 122
Sugar prefd 116
300 Tennessee Coal & Iron 70*4
United States Leather 10 T »
200 United States Leather prefd 6S>4
400 United States Rubber 29<-fe
United States Rubber prefd 94«£
Western Union 79V4
400 Republic Iron & Steel Co 11»4
Republic Iron & Steel Co prefd £3*4
P C C & St Louis 64
114,300 Shares sold.
CLOSING BONDS.
U S ref 2*. when |M K & T 4s 91%
Issued, reg lCtf^iN Y Central lsts...lO8Vi
D S re* 2b. when |N J Cent gen 5s. ..122%
Issued, coup 103»iiN Pacific 3s 65%
U S 2s reg ....109 |N Pacific 4s 103%
U S 2s coup 109 |X Y C & 8 L 4s...lO6 l 4
U S new 4s reg....l33»4|N & W con 4b 97>,«
U S new 4s coup.-133Vi;Or N»v lsts 110
U S old 4s reg 115 jOr Xav if 102%
U S old 4s coup. ..113 Or Short Une 6s..l26Vi
U S «s reg lli^jOr S Line con 5s..ll2H
U S 5s coup lniiiReading gen 4s 87%
DU of Col 3.63b 122 IR G Western lsts. S3
Atchison gen 4s.... 100^ !s J. & I M con 5s.Hl',;
Atchlson adj 4s.... E5"4 S L & S F gen Gs.122
Canada So 2ds 10<S i St Paul cons 167%
Ohes &'Ohlo 4V4s.. 9:)>4jS P C & P lsts 117*4
Ches & Ohio 5s I17?4 S P C & P 6s 119>4
C &. NW con 7s 140 Southern Pac 4s 7SH>
C & NWSFdeb Cs.l20Vi ! Southern Ry r* 109
Chgo Terminal 4a.. 93 j Stand R & T 6s.... 63
Colo Southern 43.. S2'i!Tex & Pac lsts.... 112%
D & R G lsts 102 |Tex & Pac 2ds £6
1) Sz Jl G 4s 97>ki! Union Pacific 4s. .. .10514
Kri« General 4s £3 Wabaoch lsts 117
F W & D C lsts... 72^ Wabash 2ds 10Ui
Gen Electric Es....U5> West Shore 4s 111%
Iowa Central lsts.. 113 Wls Cent 4s SS'/j
L & N Unl 4s S3 Va Centuries 84»i
M E £ T 20 6614
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar 14 Ontario 5 50
Crown Point 10;Ophir £2
Con Cal & Va 1 25'Plymouth io-
Deadwood 351 Quicksilver prefd.. G 50
Gould & Curry IZ^ierra .Nevada 52
Hale & Norcross.. li'Standard 3 80
i HomefitaUe 50 00 1 Union Con. 78
Iron Silver £3!Yellow Jacket 2 55
Mexican 22 1
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Honey— 1 Union Pacific &S?i
Call loans 2@3 West End 93
Time loans 38-4% I Westgh Elec ...... 4t
Stocks — iWis Cent 13
Atch Ten &S F... 27^1 Bonds-
Do prefd C3 N E G & Colct 5s.. 64
Amer Sugar 121% Mining Shares-
Do prefd IK Adventure 2*4
Eell Tele 141 ;A!Iouez Mng Co 1
Boston Elevated.. Ail jAmal Copper fS
Boston & Maine. ...1SS :Atlant!c 23
Chi Bnr & Q.......12.V,; Boston & Mont 318 ¦
Dominion Coal .... 42'.4!Buttc & Booton.... 03
Do prefd .110^ Calumet & Hecla..757
Federal Steel 31 Centennial,' 16?i
Do prefd 66'yft Franklin 13*4
Fitchburg prefd.... 137 Humboldt ......... 25
General Electric... 137«A Osceola ............. 67
I>o prefd 1S3 I Parrot .V..... 4114
LONDON, Aug. 24.— Earl Fruit Company sales
California fruit: Pears— Beurre Hardy, 9Sc@
$1 20 two- fifths boxes; Duchesse, average $1 36
two-fifths boxes; Louise Bonde, average $1 56;
D. Cornice, average $2 40 two-fifths boxes.
Plums— Yellow Egg, single crates, $1 S0&2 16;
Kelsey Japans, single crates, $2 04*g2 64; Pond's
Seedlings, single crates, $1 56@2 04; Grand
Duke, single crates, average $1 OS. Prunes—
Gros, single crates, $1 S61&2 04; Silver, single
crates, $2 O4@2 40.
CHICAGO. Aug. 24.— Porter Bros. Company
sold California fruit to-day: Pears— Bartletts,
$1 53®2 25 per box. Grapes— Tokays. $1 65@2 10
single crate. Plums — Yellow Egg, 60@S3c single
crate. . Prunes— Gros, 20(g70c single crate; Ger
mans, 95c.
Earl Fruit Company sales: Pears— Bartletts.
$1 60*3'2 30 box; half boxes, average $1 05; Sal
ways, 90@95c. Plums— Yellow Egg, SOciffil 05
single crates; Grand Duke, S0c@$l 05; Quacken
boss, $l(j}l 06. Prunes — Germans, 90^?95c; Gros,
60cifi$l 05. Eight cars fruit sold to-day.
NEW YORK. Aug. 24.— Earl Fruit Company'*
sales of California fruit: Pears— Bartlett, $1 45
<62 SO box. Plums— Kelsey Japans, 35c@$l 10
single crate. Prunes— Hungarian, S0c<S$l 45 sin
gle, crate; Gros, 55c@$l.
Porter Brothers Company's pales: Pears —
Bartlett, $1 75@2 20 box. S5c®$l half box;
Beurre Clalrgeau, $1 20@l 55 box; Beurre Hardy,
$1 20@l 35: Summer Seckels. 83c@$l 20 half box
and 85c@$l crate. Prunes— Hungarian, 63c@
$1 13 single crate: German. $1 15®1 20; Gros.
45cig$l 25; Fallenberg, 95cfg*l 05: S fiver. $1 15®
1 25. Plums— Yellow Egg. 60®65c single crate;
Columbia, 75c; Kelsey, 45c@$l 35; Bradshaw,
65c; Abundance, 60c: Ogq.n, 80c. Peaches— Late
Crawford. 75c@$l 05 box; Mulr, 60c; Cling. 95c@
$1 45; Crawford, 95e box. Grapes — Tokay, $2 20
single crate.
Chicago Livestock Market.
CHICAGO, Aug. 24.— CATTLE— Receipts, 2000;
generally dull; natives, good to prime steers.
$4 40i@6; poor to medium, $4 60@5 30; selected
feeders, steady. $4<?4 75; mixed stockers. slow,
$3 25@3 90; cows, $2 65iS4 40: heifers, I3@5; can
ners, $2<jj2 60; bulls, $2 50<@4 40; calves, strong,
$5@6 65: Texas fed steers, $4 43@5; Texas grass
fed, $3 65<&4; bulls, $2 50@3 23.
HOGS— Receipts to-day. 18,000; to-morrow.
18,000 estimated; left over, 2S00: active, strong
to oc higher; top, $5 55; mixed and butchero,
$o@5 50; good to choice heavy, $5 20@3 45; rough
heavy, $4 95®5 05; light, $5 10@5 55; bulk of
sales. $5 15(Q5 40.
SHEEP — Receipts. 5000: sheep, steady; good
lambs, stronger; good to choice wethers, tZ 65 1 ®
4; fair to choice mixed, $3 3."><7|3 67>; Western
sheep, $3 25<g3 73; Texas sheep, $2 50® 3 50; na
tive lambs, $4*25 50; Western lambs, $4 75®5 23.
Portland's .Business.
PORTLAND. Aug. 24.— Clearing^. $293,599
balances, $75,624.
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON,
PORTLAND. Aug. 24.— WHEAT— Steady and
higher; Walla Walla, 54®55c; valley, 55c; bluc-
Btem. 57(?5Sc.
Cleared — German ship Robert Rlckmers,
Qutvjnstown, 127.735 bushels wheat.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. Aug. 24.— WHEAT-Steady and
firm, V4c higher; bluestem, 59c; club, 56c; both
for export.
Foreign Markets.
LONDON. Aug. 24.— Consols, 98 1-16; silver.
2S%d; French rentes, lOOf 67Hc: wheat cargoes
on passage, white firm, red dull; No. 1 stand
ard California. 30s 6d; Walla Walla, 29s; Ore
gon. 29s 6d; English country markets, quiet
but' steady.
LIVERPOOL. Aug. 24.— Wheat, firm: No. 1
standard California, 6s 3%d@6s 4d; wheat in
Paris, quiet; flour in Paris, dull; French coun
try markets, quiet but steady.
COTTON— Uplands. 5 ll-16d.
CLOSING.
WHEAT— Spot, firm; No. 2 red Western win
ter. 6s 2d; Nto. 1 Northern spring, 6s 3V£d: No.
1 California. 6s 3V4di?6s 4d. Futures, quiet;
September, 5s ll%d; December. 6s Hd.
CORK— Spot, firm; American mixed new. 4s;
do old 4s l%d. Futures, quiet; September, 4s
Vid; October, 4s %d; November, 4s Hd.
NEW YORK. Aug. 24.— R. G. Dun & Co.'s
Weekly Review of Trade will say: The sky
is not cloudless, but there has been no back
ward movement of. business this week. The
chief .drawback of the week ha« been the in
tense heat in some sections of the West, which
was more efficient in retarding business than
the lower temperatures East was in stimu
lating It. Crop advices continue as cheerful
as at any time lately and the labor situation
shows no important chances in working: forces.
Prices are steady, but there is talk of a de
cline, perhaps $10 per ton in steel rails, shortly.,
to a basis at which it Is believed the railroads
will be willing to place orders for the en
eulng year's supplies. More good news cornea
from the great iron centers, where bridge and
boat builders and makers of agricultural im
plements, stoves and cast iron pipe are all
eager to secure raw or partially finished ma
terial. Prices are sustained and In a few caaes
move upward. Iron generally Is a more solid
and better balanced market than for tw<»
months past. Reduction in output of pig is
having the desired effect at most Northern
points, though at the South stocks are still
heavy and complaint Is heard of prohibitive
freight rates to the seaboard. Large export
business is waiting and foreign buying of fin
ished material continues large.
Production of coke has been decreased to
143,9*0 tons weekly in the Connellsville region.
Another sharp decline has taken the price of
tin to $30 12H. but copper Is firm.
Wheat declined still further on Saturday,
touching the lowest price since early in June,
and making the fall 15%c from the top point
of the season, about two months ago. Vig
orous marketing by farmers shows their wil
lingness to sell at current prices, receipts at
primary markets during three weeks amount
ing to 19.999.900 bushels, against 10.633,051 last
year. Daily figures of export* continue light,
although there Is much talk of purchases for
foreign account. Prices recovered from the
lowest point, traders on the short side taking
profits freely. May corn is steady, but a drop
last year makes the present price Only 4c
above that of 1S99.
Sales of wool at the three chief Eastern mar
kets have increased to 5,062,500 pounds, against
4.231,800 in the week previous. To-day's wool
was active in Boston and territory grades are
all firmly held, though prices are nominally
unchanged. There Is no pressure to sell, some
dealers shipping Eait with Instructions to
hold until after election.
Factories are still working only part time
In the Eastern boot and shoe districts and it
Is evident that earlier estimates of accumulated
Btocks were much too email. There is more
activity in the hide market and prices are bus
talned by strong foreign quotations, activity in
Chicago by California tanners and favorable
purchases for harness.
#. *
NEW YORK. Aug. 24.— The following table,
compiled by Bradstreet, shows the bank clear
ings at the principal cities for the week ended
August 23, with the percentage of increase and
decrease as compared with the corresponding
week last year:
Cities— Amount. Inc. Lwc.
New York $721,487,934 .... 27.2
BOEton 93.424.7U4 17.1
Chicago m.708.097 16.1
Philadelphia 76.C2S.0SS .... 4.2
St. Louis 29.837,334 5.2
Pittsburg 30.801.197 37.2
Baltimore 14.424.W6 23.2
San Francisco 18.&01.235 14.1 .
Cincinnati 14.180.030 20.4 ....
Kansas City 15,033.604 S.O
New Orleans 5.618,093 11.8 ....
Minneapolis 9.952.S70 13.3 ....
Detroit 7.872.OS0 10.6 ....
Cleveland 9,932.573 10.2
Louisville 6.498.S25 .... W-0
Providence 5,012.000 20.7
Milwaukee 6.263,943 1.8 ....
St. Paul 4,714,997
Buffalo 4,455,739 4.9 ....
Omaha 6,65S,3S3 7.6
Indianapolis 5,776,461 1.5 ••••
Columbus, Ohio 4.833.200 5.8 ....
Savannah 3.053.5S9 5S.5
Denver 3,97»,S48 30.4
Hartford 1,843,278 .... 7.3
Richmond 3.0S3.U31 ••••
Memphis 1.61S.P8O 37.6
Washington 1.654.S93 1.1
Peorla 3,01!<,3S3 18.9
Rochester 1,417,035 .... 62. 3
New Haven 1,119.527 .... 15.1
Worce?ter 1,162,<67 .... 1.1
Atlanta 1.1SO.444 16. S
Salt Lake City 1.M4.035 .... 29.1
Springfield, Mass... SS2.363 .... 21.3
Fort Worth 1,378.866 .... 21.4
Portland, Me 926.674 .... 64.1
Portland, Or 1.SW.9S6 18.4 ...,
St. Joseph 3,561,810 , 12.* ....
Los Angeles 2.095.725 29.6
• Norfolk 992.660 6.7
Syracuse &S<5,927 ....
Des MoltKS 5.S9.333 20.0
Nashville 919.717 .... 14.3
Wilmington, Del... S44.629 16.4
Fall River 364,262 .... 15.1
Scranton 1,037,036 6.0
Grand Rapids 1.115.224 8.0 ....
Augusta. Cla 713.450 29.8
Lowell 443.180 .... 20. S
Dayton, Ohio 938.929 6 0
Seattle 2.128.763 1.2
Tacoma 1.000.763 3.4 \
Spokane S03.S50 21.4
Sioux City 995,227 SS.7
New Bedford 3S5.376 10.5
Knoxvilie. Tenn.... 5S8.0S6 23.6 ....
Topeka 969.335 < 81.0 ....
Birmingham 734.372 21.5 . ....
Wichita 524,009 4.5 ....
Binghamton 397,700 1S.9
Lexington. Ky 2S1.464 .... 21.9
Jacksonville, Fla... 1&0.413 .... 3.5
Kalamazoo 373.146 21.8
Akrcn 439.400 20.9 ....
Chattanooga 360.000 25.4
Rockford, 111 270,769
Canton. Ohio 121.800 .... 7.1
Springfield, Ohio... 349.79S 11.0
Fargo. X. D 198.SS7 Z4.7
Sioux Falls, S. D.. 126.6S2 .... 2.4
Hastings, Nebr 137.4.71 17.0
Fremont. Nebr 103.875 29.7
Davenport 7S.2.8S6 6.9
Toledo 2.0S7.254 6.5
Galveston 3.941.000 .... 19.9
Houston 4,219,258 .... 21.3
Little Rock 361.0S0 14.0
Youngstown 261.170 12.0
Maeon 446.000 15.2
Helena 519.524 20.3
Evansville 734.962 .... 12.2
Springfield 303.213 .... 17.6
Totals UJ S «.26S,520.967 17.5
Totals outside of .
New York 547.032,973 0.S
DOMINION OF CANADA.
Montreal J12.693.180 10.1
Toronto 8.250.814 7.4
Winnipeg 2,164.021 23.5 ....
Halifax 1.552.265 32.3
Hamilton 6S2.512 4.6
St. John, N. B 697.475
Vancouver _ 955,405 ....
Victoria 6S9.046 1.1 ....
Totals $27,655,046 .... 4.4
London Market.
NEW YORK. Aug. 24.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
The dealings In the markets here to-day were
Insignificant, but the tr>ne ¦was firm. There
was no feature. Tht bank bought £15.000 gold
In bars and lost £2.',000 engaged for the Cape.
Bills were a little higher on the stiff treasury
appointment. It Is rumored that the bank has
begun borrowing to sustain rates.
CLOSING.
LONDON. Aug. 24.— Atchlson, 28; Canadian
Pacific. 91%; Union Pacific. 78; Northern Pa
cific preferred. 73; Grand Trunk, 6V4; Ana
conda, 9; bar silver steady, 2S%d per ounce;
money firm, 2% per cent.
New York Money Market.
NEW YORK, Aug. 24.— Money on call easy
at 1%@1H per cent. Prime mercantile paper,
4#5 per cent. Sterling exchange firmer, with
actual business In bankers' bills at $4 87% for
demand and at $4 S4*» for sixty days: posted
rates, $4 85*g4 S5% and $4 88Vi<&4 89; commercial
bills. $4 83%0'4 o.*. Bar silver, 61Hc Silver
certificates. 61HS62&C- Mexican dollars, 48%c.
Government bonds, irregular: State bond.-,
firmer; railroad bonds. Irregular.
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON. Aug. 24.— To-day's statement
of the treasury balances In the general fund,
exclusive of the $150,000,000 gold reserve in the
division of redemption, shows: Available cash
balances, $137,156,419; gold, $67,782,196.
Shipment of Silver.
NEW YORK, Aug. 24.— The steamship Lu
oanla. sailing for Europe to-morrow, will take
out 271,000 ounces of silver.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— / Sept. Dec.
Opening '. 5 11?4 6 1%
Closing 5 11% 6 1>4
PARIS.
Wheat— Aue-. Nov.-Feb.
Opening 20 10 2140
Closing 20 10 214".
Flour-
Opening 25 05 27 65
Closing 25 95 27 70
*t : si.
Local stocks and bends quiet.
Sr!zcr and Exchange abuui the same.
Wheat unsettled. Barley dull and nominal.
Gets and Corn finn, but quiet. Rye neglected.
Hay and Feed stuffs as before.
White Beans firm on Govcnimcnt account.
Potatoes and Vegetables in large supply.
Butter zt'cal: and slozv. Eggs and Cheese firm.
Poultry moing off better under moderate receipts.
Dcrtlctt Pears continue to advance slowly.
Limes higher. Lemons weak and quiet.
Oiied Fruit market lightly supplied and firm.
Provisions quid and unchanged. Cottolene loner.
Wool, Hops and Hides as prcznously quoted.
Nothing ii-ezu in the Meat market,
foreign imports sliow an increase.
Dun's Review of Trade.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS
Ed Elec 111: 203 Quincy 1*0
Mexican Cent HVi Santa Fe Copper.. 4V4
Mich Tele 85 Tamarack ..' 212
N E Gas & Coke.. 131i Utah Mining 30«is
Old Colony 2O3'/i Wlnona 3
Old Dominion IS Wolverines W4
Rubber 29%
On the Produce Excha/ige to-day the butter
market was firm; creamery, 16tg20 1 ,4c; dairy, 14
@18c. Cheese, firm; 10@U%c. Eggs/ firm;
fresh, H«£<gl4c.
San Frattcisco Meat Market.
Washington. 9140 tons; fix from British Co
lumbia, 15,340 tons; two from Oregon. 1080 tons;
one from Australia. 2SS5 tons; total. 2S.«I|
tons. The quantity received approximates thi
amount consumed: this, combined with th«
generous arrivals of last week, will serve tc
make fuel matters eary for a few weeks a:
least. Coast freights on coal still remain h'.sh.
and there will be no reduction this year, heiu-e
the assurance of no shrinkage of values for
some time. In fact, we may naturally expect a
further advance this fall. We cannot ex^p.-t
any material relief from foreign sources, as the
cost, duty and freight added, shuts th#>m out
of this market. Spasmodically we r^all ha\ t
occasional cargoes arrive, but not in sufficient
amount to relieve us or to dteturb values, a>
the market price is established by tho northern
colliery proprietors, who" so far have betn ilts
posed to aid large consumers by keeping prt^i i
for steam grades down to thPlr normal coru'.i
tion. If they had comMnerliy utilized their
commanding position, coal could have b»rn
marked up $2 a ton last winter, as the abso
lute control of the market la In four mana
ger's ha mis. We are promi.wd early aid from
all sections by the opening of new c<">r.ier!<M,
but they will not material!z<» in the. near fu
ture. Oil haa so far proved our only bene
factor, and will increase its benefits for years
to come."
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, per lb, !n lW-lb bags: Cubes, A
Crushed and Fine Crushed. 6.70c: Powdered
6.30c; Candy Granulated. 6.30c; Pry Granulated
6.20c: Confectioners' A, 6.2<H:; Magnolia A. 5.80c;
Extra C. 5.70c: Golden C. 5.60c: barrels, l^o
more; half-barrels. 2^e more: boxes, 50c more;
50-lb bags. 10c more. No orders taken for lesi
than 73 barrels or its equivalent. Domiaca,
half-barrels. 6.93c: boxes. 7.20c per lb.
BEEF — aftte per lb for fair to choice.
VEAL— Large. 7tnc; small. 94^5'~2C per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. 7^-g3c; ewes. 7ST' 3 c per
pound. .
Quotations have not chan^pi for some little
time, as the demand and supply about balance.
LAMB— Spring. SH'SSc per lb.
PORK— Live Hogs. 6«6V»c for small. 5%^5-jj
for medium and 54g."> 3 8C for large; stock Hcgj
and feeders. o^WJSsc; dressed Hogs, 53S' : c.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR FRIDAY. AUGUST 2t.
Flour, qr sks 3.2?0r Wine, pals IS VI
Wheat, ctls 2.3S0i Hides, Xo 'rsi
Barley, ctls S.410; Pelts. M!s K",
Oats, ctls 4,T10j Hop*, hales R
Rye. ctls 4«<>;WooI. bales \%\
Tallow, ctls S2S; Potatoes, sks 5 <m
Lime. bbl3 130 Onions, ska „ 'gtxy
Egss. doz 9,21i> Beany, ska .... gjk)
Quicksilver, flslts 21 Hay. tons i",2
Leather, rolls 132 Straw, tons i5
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks 820.
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL NEWS
demand at leading Western markets. Prices,
too, are steady, what few decreases are noted
being largely due to Improved crop conditions,
particularly of corn and cotton. Despite the
reports which have pictured the corn crop as
heavily shortened by hot T winds the reports
to Bradstreefs from Nebraska. Kansas Citv
and St. Louis are as a whole quite encourag
ing. The lowered price of cotton is largely
due to the arrival of needed rains In the Soutn
Atlantic States.
Wheat, including flour, shipments for the
week aggregate 2,295.168 bushels, against 3,113,
641 bushels last week: 3,434,825 bushels In the
corresponding week of 1899, 3,565,476 bushels In
1898. 5,149,653 bushels in 1S97 and 3.2S1.854 bushels
in 1SS6.
k From July 1 to date this season wheat ex
ports are 23.696.44S bushelu, against 29,£J0S,«34
bushels last season and 05,906,552 bushels in
189S-99.
Business failures in the United States as re
ported to Bradstreet's aggregate 155 for tho
week, as against 168 last week, 154 In this
week a year ago. 172 in 1S98. 210 in 1S97 and
were about halt what they were in thi« week
four years ago.
Canadian failures for the week number 29,
as against 24 last week. 23 in this week a
year ago, 27 in 1S38. 39 In 1897 and 31 in 1896.
# HH 1 *
No. 3 spring wheat. 73%@74%c; No. 2 red.. 75%
©76?ic; No. 2 corn. S9«.i$t39?ic; No. 2 yellow.
40c; No. 2 oats, 21%«?22^c; No. 2 white. 2J@
23Uc: No. 3 white. 23%@25c: good feeding bar
ley, 36%c; fair to choice malting, '43@'43c; No. 1
flaxseed. $1 41; No. 1 Northwestern, $1 41; mess
pork, per barrel. $11 15@11 20: lard, per 100
pounds, $6 SOMG 82H: 'short ribs sides (loose).
$6 9j@7 30; dry salted shoulders (boxed), 6%@
6%c; short clear sides (boxed). $7 55*@7 65;
clover, contract grade, f 10. •
J27 5O@28; Cocoanut Cake. S20@21; Corn Meal,
$26 50: Cracked Corn. 127: Mixed Feed. 113 50<gl4.
HAY— Volunteer. $4 50® 7; Wheat. $10<912;
Wheat and Oat. $9 50@ll 50; Oat. $S@10; Clover,
J-fgC; Alfalfa. $637 50; Barley. $6 50*33 50 per
C STRAW-30€37%c per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
White Beans continue very firm in conse
quence of the Government demand. . Otherwise
there is nothing new.
BEANS— Bayos, $2 50@2 73; Small White, $3 73
4; large White, t3 10@3 25: Pink. $2 25«2 73;
lied, $3 2WS 50; Blackeye, $3 50; Lima. $5 U@
5 25; Pea, $3 5O<03 70: Red Kidneys. $3 23@3 50.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard, 4c; Flax, $2@2 20; Canary, S'.Jc per
lb for California and 4c for Eastern; Alfalfa,
nominal; Rape, 2^4®3c; Hemp, 4S4V-c; Tim
othy. 4@4%c.
DRIED PEAS— Niles, nominal; Green. $2 230
2 50 per ctl; Blackeye, $2.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
All kinds of Vegetables are in heavy sup
ply, and large lots are left on hand at the
close of business every day. Prices continue
low and unchanced. Potatoes and Onions also
vary little from day* to day.
POTATOES— Garnet Chiles, 50c; New Early
Rope. 2.".ifi30c: Burbanks. 4O<06oc for Rivers and
86c@$l per ctl for Salinas; Sweets, lSl'.ic
per lb.
ONIONS— Yellow. 00S65c per ctl; pickle
Onions. SO'g'Sc.
VEGETABLES— Green Corn, S0c®$l per sack.
75c cer crate for Berkeley and $131 50 for
Alameda: Green Peas. 3?$Sc per lb; String
Beans, lH@3c; Llmas. 3&5c; Cabbage. 4*550c:
Tomatoes. River. 20®35c; Bay. 25f 40c; Egff
Plant. 50f575c per box; Green Okra. 3o(@50c:
Green Peppers, 35®50c per box for Chill and *<i
(ff 60c for Bell: Dried Peppers, SiglOc: Carrots. 25
<J?;!oc per sack; Summer Squash, 30*j50c for Ala
meda; Cucumbers, 20f230c for Alameda; Pickles,
$1<&'1 25 per ctl for No. 1 and W^Sc for No. 2:
Garlic, 2 1 / 2*j3c per lb; Marrowfat Squash, $20
per ton.
Poultry and Game.
Dealers reported a very fair demand for
Poultry yesterday. Arrivals of local stock
were not large, and cleaned up very well un
der a eood demand.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys. lOtfllc for Gob
blers and lOiglllc for Hens: Geese, per pair, $1 23
@1 50: Goslings. $1 60® 1 73; Ducks, $3@4 for old
and $3^4 for young; Hens. $1@5 00; Young
Roosters, $4 50®5 50; Old Roosters. $4'3 I 4 50;
Fryers, $3 50® 4; Broilers, Wq3 50 for large and
$2@2 50 for small; Pigeons, %l 50®l 75 per dozen
for old and $1 5001 75 for Squabs.
GAME — Doves. 60®«3c per dozen; Cottontail
RabbltB, 81 30; Brush Rabbits, $1; Hare, Jl 23
(51 50.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
All rrades of Butter except fancy creamery
are weak and slow. It must not be forgotten
that under the present loose and unbusinesslike,
method of quoting the market every dealer has
a creamery or two which sells above the quo
tations.
Cheese stands as before.
Eggs rule firm at the established advance,
with moderate receipts.
BUTTER—
Creamery— Fancy Creamery, 23%g2ic; extra
marks higher: seconds, 22%® 23c.
Creamery — Fancy Creamery, 23%@24c; sec
onds, 22%^i23c.
Dairy— Fancy. 22'g22%c; good to choice, 20@
21%c; common, 13«J18c.
Creamery tub— 2<V322%c per lb.
Pickled roll-^19®20c.
Firkin— IS® 19c
CHEESE— New. 9<#9%c: fancy. 10c: old 8®S%c;
Young America, 10@10%c; Eastern, 13%@14c;
Western, 10@12c per lb.
EGGS— Quoted at 16*©20c for store and 233 26c
per dozen for ranch; Eastern. 16@19c.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Bartlett Pears continue firm and prices are
slowly advancing. Choice Peaches, too, are In
good selling shape. Figs are In better, supply
and weaker. Grapes and Melons are un
changed.
Lemons are in larger supply and weak. Limes
are firmer again.
The usual 10S barrels pickled Royal Anne
Cherries went out on the Victoria steamer for
Cincinnati.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS
APPLES— 25'gSOc per box for common and
50c@$l for good to choice; Crabapples, 30c per
small box and 60@73c per large box.
' PEARS — Bartletts. 35^ 90c In boxes and $15®
25 per ton In bulk.
QUINCES— 40(S50c per box.
STRAWBERRIES— J3i@3 per chest for large
and $5<??7 for small berries.
RASPBERRIES— $5^7 per chest.
BLACKBERRIES— «@5 per chest.
HUCKLEBERRIES-4@6c per lb.
FIGS— 25® 40c for single and 35@73c for double
layer boxes.
NECTARINES— White. 33®30o per box; red.
50<W75c. ¦ f . - ,
PLUMS— 20»|?40c per box and crate; la bulk,
$lfrj?15 per ton; Prunes, 25@50c per crate; Egg
Plums, $12(^15 per ton.
PEACHES — 40@6oc per box: in bulk. $15S?25
per ton for freestone and $15@22 50 for cllnzs;
Mountain Peaches, 40@75c per box.
GRAPES— Fontainebleau. 35<£40c per crate:
Muscats, 40#6Oc per crate; Seedless, 75etf?$l per
crate: Sweetwater, 3o@50c: black. 35/3600: To
kay. . 33@60c; Isabella. 75<f?R5c; Wine Grape*.
%W322 per ton for Zlnfandel.
MELONS— Nutmegs, 23S50c per case: Canta
loupes, 50c@$l 25 per crate; Watermelons, $6
@25, with extra large at $30 per 100.
CITRUS FRUITS — Lemons. $1 2332 for com
mon and $2 30@3 for good to choice; Mexican
Limes, $5 50<g6; Bananas. $1@2 per bunch; Plne
tpples. $1 50®3 50 per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Ntits and Raisins.
All prices stand about the same. There is no
accumulation of stock and the market Is in
healthy condition.
NEW CROP — Prunes, nominal; Apricots. 6(3
Sc for Royals and 10@12c for Moorparks;
Evaporated Apples. 5@6c: sun-dried. 2%@3%c:
Peaches, 5034c for standard. 6<G6%c for choice
and 7(8 Sc for fancy: Pears. 5@7%c; Plums, pit
ted. 5<B6c: unpitted. liflijc; Nectarines. 4@5c
for red and 5<36c for white.
RAISINS— Bleached Thompson's fancy, per
lb, 10c; choice, 9c; standard. 8c; prime, 6c: un
bleached Thompson's, per lb, 6c. Sultanas —
Fancy, per lb. 8%c; choice. 7%c; standard. 6Hc;
prime. 5c: unbleached Sultanas. Be; Seedless,
£0-lb boxes. 5c; 2-crown loose Muscatels. f%c;
S-crown, 6'4c; 4-crown, 7c: London layers, 2
crown, $1 50 per box; 3-crown, $1 60. Fancy
Clusters. $2; Dehesa. $2 50; Imperial. $3. All
prices f. o. b. at common shipping points In
California.
NUTS— Walnuts. 5@10%c for standards and 9
(file for softshells: new Almonds. 12S13%c
lor paper shell. 9%@10c for soft and 6@7c for
hard shell; Peanuts. 5®6»Ac for Eastern and
5©6c for California; Brazil Nuts. ll@12Hc; Fil
berts 12@13c; Pecans, ll@13c; Cocoanuts. {3 50
©5.
HONEY— Comb. 13<314c for bright and 123
12V4o for light amber; water white, extracted.
T^'STTHc: light amber, extracted. 6Vi@6*tc; dark.
5Vi®«c per lb.
BEESWAX— 24g26c per lb.
Provisions.
Dealers continue to report a dull and un
changed market, with the exception of a de
cline in Cottolene.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. 10Hc per 1{> for
heavy, lie for light medium. 12%c for light, 13c
for extra light and 14%c for sugar-cured. East
ern sugar-cured Hams. 13c; Mess Beef, $12 per
bbl: extra Mess. »13; Family. $14; extra Prime
Fork. UA 50: extra clear. $19; Mess, $16 50;
Smoked Beef. 12%<B13c per lb.
LARD— Tierces quoted at 7c per lb for com
pound and 9c for pure; half-barrels, pure 9\ic
10-lb tins. 9%c: S-lb tins. 9%c. '
COTTOLEXE- One-half barrel, 8%c; three
half barrels. SHc; one tierce. 8%c; two tierces
8V4c; flve tierces, 8%c per lb.
Hides, Tallozv, Wool and Hops.
There Is nothing new under this head. There
is no particular activity in any descriplton.
HIDES AND SKINS-CuIU and brands sell
about lc under quotations. Heavy salted
Stwrs. 8\4®9c; medium. 8V4c; light, S@SHc-
Cowhides. S%c;, Stags. 6c; Salted Kip. 8c: Calf,
9c: Dry Hides, sound. 15c: "Dry Kip. 15c; Dry
Calf. 15c; culls and brands. 12c: Sheepskins
Shearlings. 20@30r each; short Wool 3Qi>5()c
each; medium. 60®S0c: long Wool, 90c® *1 10
each: Horse Hides, salt. |2©2 25 for large 51 73
for medium. Jl for small and 50c for colts;
Horse Hides, dry. $1 £0 for large. Jl 25 for me
dium, $1 for small and 23<gS0c for colts Deer
skins—Summer or red skins. 35c; fall or me
dium skins. S0c: winter or thin skies, 20c. Goat
skins—Prime Angoras. 75c; large and smooth.
50c: medium, 35c.
* TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 4#4%c per lb: No.
2. 3<g3%c: greare. 2®2%c.
WOOL— Spring clip Is quotable as follow*:
Northern, free. 13@16c: Northern, defective. 12#
»c; Middle County, free. 14f 16c: Middle Coun
ty, defective. 12S14c; Southern Mountain. 12
months'. llS12c; Southern Mountain, free. 7
months. 10<gl2c: Southern Mountain, defective,
i months', 9s311c; Humboldt and Mendocino.
16*fT17c; Nevada. 13igl6c per lb.
Fall Clip— San .'Joaquln. 6%@Sc: do Lambs'.
8@9c: Middle County. 9@llc per lb.
HOPS— Old. nominal at l<U10c per lb; new.
10(jJ12c.
General Merchandise.
EAGS-San Quentln Bags. $5 63: Calcutta
Grain Bags, 5%c; ..Wool Bags, 23>.iS32%c; Fleece
Twine, 7%e; Fruit Bags, 8%<g6»ic for white and
S»iSS?ic for bleached Jute.
COAL- Wellington. J9 per ton: Southflelrt
Wellington, S3; Seattle, »7; Bryant. *C; Coos
Bay.- #3 60: ••\Vallsend. V. Co-operative Wall
send. ?9: Cumberland, J12 In bulk and $13 23 la
sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg. 114: Can
nel, JU per ton; Coke. ! $16 per. ton tn .bulk and
$18 In sacks; Rocky Mountain descriptions.
$S 43 per 2000 lbs. and $3 SO per ton, accordlns
to brand.-
Harrison's circular says: "During the week
there have been three deliveries t>f coal f roa*
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, . AUGUST 25, 1900.
Foreign Futures.
Bank Clearings.
California Fruit Sales.
LOCAL MARKETS
Chicago Grain' Market.
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour, firm;
Contintied on- Page Thirteen.
10
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 16.000 9.000
Wheat, bushels 262,000 27S.0OO
Corn, bushels 110,000 233,000
Oats, bushels 296,000 £38.000
Rye. bushels 2,000
Barley, bushels 11.0C0 . 7.0C0
Bradstreet's Financial Review.
AUCTION SALES
£* £* fc*
30 HEAD DRAFT HORSES. ALL BROKEN
Eays, blacks and browns; weighing frr.m 133Q
to 1600. Bred by W. B. Hardman. CHASE *
MENDENHALL. salesyard 1732 Market st.Across from the balloons one finds the
locomotives. Two of these are worth
while speaking of. The "Invlcta" Is the
first locomotive turned out. so the placard
reads, by Stephenson. and was the first
certainly to circulate on the public hlgh
wav. its Hnal trip having been made on
May 3. 1S31. from Whltstable to Canter
bury. It stands there in the Parts Expo
sition, ugly, pathetic and no longer of any
use. It is small, not more than ten feet
long. If so much, and its cylinders run
diagonally up either side. They give It a
very curious appearance. Its cab is too
small to be called one, and its entire ap
pliances are of the most meager descrip
tion. It Is covered with a coat of dead
black varnish, the "Invicta's shroud."
Curious as it Is at present, how much
more so It will be after a few more
centuries have passed! It is the property
of Sir David Salomons, Bart., and thus it
was brought from England especially for
the exposition.
The First Locomotive.
"The announcement Is false. I have ap
pointed you colonel of the First Uhlan
Regiment of the Guard." And then came
a hearty laugh at the discomfiture of the
man to whom he had thus Kiven one of
the crack commands of the German
army.— Golden Penny.
A dead silence followed. There was a
sensation among the spectators, who ex
pected to see the unfortunate officer con
signed to a dungeon on some terrible
charge. But a minute later the Emperor
went on:
"The announcement is false
"Your Majesty. I beg to announce my
self as colonel of the — — — Regiment."
naming the new command.
The Emperor looked at him a moment
without speaking. Then he said in his
sharpest and most incisive tone: ,
Appearing before the Kaiser at his next
public reception, he respectfully pro
nounced the set phrase always used on
such occasions:
A major of cavalry not Ions asro suc
ceeded to the colonelcy of his regiment.
and according to the custom in sucn cases
he came to Berlin to personally present
himself to his sovereign upon his pro
motion.
The Kaiser's Pleasantry.
OAKLAND. Aug. 24.— Richard Souza,
the carpenter who was injured by falling
from a scaffold In Hay & Wright's ship
yard on Wednesday, died to-day at his
home In San Leandro. The case has been
reported to Deputy Coroner O. R. Morgan,
but the date of the Inquest has not yet
been fixed. Internal Injuries caused the
death.
Fall Causes Carpenter's Death.
W. C. Whitney will depend upon Bally
hoo Bey for victory, and so much does he
think of this colt that he has sent all the
?£*y to England to get Tod Sloan to rida
jri-' ¦ Then there Is Lady of the Valley,
/a :iret filly In the Wilson string, who
has had to take the place of the gooa
The Parader. who went lame a few
<Jayn ago at Saratoga. Sweet Lavender
is another fast filly, and Blues is a won
der at times and a selling plater at ofhei
times. His stronghold Is the mud and he
Among the lot appear the cracks from
the Keene fitring; Can and Bells, that re
markably fast nlly; Tommy Atkins, who
MieJM to gather Si>eed with distance and
to like anything over five furlongs bet
ter than anything under It, and Olym
pian, son of the great Domino and fast-.
eat of the string, with the exception of
Commando.
Tommy Atkins, 129: Blues. 126; Elkhorn,
123; Golden Age. Kenilworth AH Green.
321' each; Cap and Bells, Sweet Lavender,
IIS each; Lady of the Vailev. 116; Olym
pian, BaJlyhoo Bey. Six Shooter, Bel
vino, Longshoreman, Smile, 112 each.
NEW YORK. Aug. 24.— The racing sea
ron of the metropolitan district will be
tak^n up again after the lapse of two
weeks to clve Saratoga a chance at
ciear dates, and from now -until the snow
falls the tracks will be busy. The fail
mr-cling of the Sheepshead Bay track be
pins to-morrow with a fine card on which
:? the rich Futurity for 2-year-olds, at a
little less than three-quarters of a mile,
and all the pick of the roungBters in
training are engaged, with one exception.
Ommando would have been a sure
starter, according to his owners, had he
been eligible. The full list of entries is
«s follows: • '
Opening D-.y.
Futurity Will Be the Feature of the
SHEEPSHEAD BAY ENTHIES.
ft UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA,
BERKELEY. Aug. 24.-Irvin>;
\^_^/ Stringham. professor of mathemat
ics in the University of California,
read a paper on "Orthoponal Transforma
tions in Elliptic or in Hyperbolic Space'"
before the geometry section of the Inter
national Congress of Mathematicians in
Paris last week. Professor Leonard E.
Dlckson of the University of Texas, for
merly instructor in mathematics in the
University of California, read a paper be
fore the arithmetic and algobra section
on "The Known Systems of . Simple
Groups and Their Inter-Isomorphisms. '
Ernest Carroll Moore. Ph.D.,. Instructor
in philosophy in the University of Cali
fornia, published In- the July number of
the American Journal of Sociology an ar
ticle-on "One Aspect of Vice."
E. J. WHczynski of the department of
mathematics of the University of Califor
nia is the author of "An Application of
the Group Theory to Hydrodynamics"
just issued in pamphlet form.
UNIVERSITY
HAPPENINGS
Contractor Barrett has ordered the mill
work for the building from Tacoma mills
through the E. B. and A. L. Stone Com
pany of Oakland. To-day a delegate from
the Building Trades Council called on the
contracter and objected to the use of
material from the Stone Company, alleg
ing as a reason that the proprietors are
"unfair." The matter will probably be
adjusted. . . . . . . :
Those who have been active in advanc
ing the new library project are not a little
elated that actual work has already been
begun "on the structure. Six weeks before
Mr. Carnegie made his offer to the city
of Oakland he presented the citizens of
San Diego with $50,000 for a library, the
gift being made under the same conditions
as that of Oakland. Despite the advan
tage in time, San Diego has not yet been
able to arrange a contract for the con
struction of the building.
There was no speechmaklng or cere
mony of any sort The assistants of En
gineer Clement located the lot lines and
levels and drove stakes to Indicate where
the foundations will be placed. In the
afternoon the first. loads of building ma
terial were hauled to the ground. On
Monday a gang of men will begin the ex
cavations. . • . ¦ •¦ <. .
"Work was begun on the new library site
at Grove and Fourteenth streets this
morning. At 10 o'clock J. C. Hoyt, presi
dent oi the library board; Architect W.
M. B. Faville, City Engineer R. M. Clem
ent, Librarian Charles S. Greene and- J. O.
Hagar (representing Contractor Barrett)
assembled on the site.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway. Aug. 24.
Foundation Lines Run and
Material Brought to the
Ground.
BREAK GROUND
ON NEW LIBRARY
BUILDING SITE
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
• • 111S Broadway, Aug. 24.
The greatest secrecy has been observed
In regard to the tlcketa'that will be voted
at the polls to-morrow. The candidates
fear that some advantage will be taken of
their announcements. In some parts of
the county there will be fotrr elections.
The entire county will vote for delegates
to the State convention and for a county
convention that will nominate Judges, but
only in parts of tho county will there be
a contest for State Senator and Super
visors. The tickets for delegates to the
State convention that will nominate elec
tors will be pink in color and the entire
county of Alameda will be entitled to vote
for such electors. No one seems to have
paid much attention to these tickets, but
they will be in every district.
The delegates to the county convention,
which will nominate two Judges, -will be
on white paper. There is no contest to
the renomination of Judges John EIIb
worth and F. B. Ogden and so there will
be no contest on th,e white tickets.
The bright red tickets will be for Su
pervisors, and the blue tickets for Statj
Senator.
In the Forty-ninth Assembly District
there will be but one ticket, upon which
Mitchell has named' twelve delegates and
Pierce twelve and ten of which are un
pledged. This ticket reads a* follows:
Frank K. George W. Reed.J. C.
Dunne, P. Lynch, E. A. Young, O, Lleber
mann D. H. Wentworth, Thomas Dowd,
Walter Gaskin, A. V. Long. \V\ H. Blood,
\V. F. Kroll. George Feige, John Cross
man, J. McPherson, John Manrow, C. D.
Malonc/. _
Democratic Delegates Named.
ALAMEDA. Aug. '24.— The Central
Democratic Club has chosen the follow-
Factions Fear Frankness
Will Rob Them of Some
Advantages.
GREAT SECRECY
OVER TICKETS
FOR PRIMARIES
The new officers elected by the Central
Democratic Club are Frank Bartlett.
president: ¦ F. N. Dodd, secretary, and
John O'Brien, treasurer.
At large— R. M. Fltzjrprald. M. F. Tarpey O
KJessel. A. F. Huff. W. E. Scully. For dele-
Kates to the County Convention the following
were selected: T. C. Stoddard, A. F. St. Sure.
J. F. Commera, Frank Bartlett, Frank Dodd,
O. Lubbock. E. E. Roberts. A. Kiat. Charles
Adams. William A. Gunn. F. C. Elsen. Max
Olas, J. B. Smith, D. Healey. Otto Schroeder,
R. Greathouse and Dr. J. AV. Roberts.
Ing delegates to the State convention
They will be voted upon at the primaries
to-morrow:
The administrator nas paid J223O to his
attorneys. Myrick and Deering. and re
quests that they be allowed $1j00 more
He asks to be paid J200O for his services
as special administrator.
"The preservation of the property of
the estate has Involved unremitting an. I
great labor on the part of the administra
tor, necessitating the obtaining of orders
from this honorable court for the Im
provement and leasing of real property,
the payment of promissory notes secure I
by property of the tstate. which sail!
debts were bearing greater Interest than
moneys accumulated l.i bank were draw
ing, and In the constant supervision an>J
care of the estate, real and personal, ag
gregating In value about the sum of $450.
000."
The contest of the heirs over the Mur
phy-Grant property In San Francisco was
compromised some time ago and there Is
now nothing to prevent an early distribu
tion.
In his report as special administrator
Attorney Metcalf says:
OAKLAND. Aug. 21.— The final report «f
Victor H. Metcalf as special administra
tor of the estate of Miss Mary M. Isabel
Murphy has been riled for approval ani
the estate will soon be closed. Attorney
Metcalf's administration covered a pe
riod of three years. Durinsr that time ne
received <S3.25» 20 an.1 paid out 4307 H.
leaving a balance of J7S.921 S9. The estato
la valued at $430,000.
ISABEL MURPHY'S ESTATE
WILL BE DISTRIBUTED
"It is on this account that more erjuili
hrlsts—at least all those who perform in
midair— aro extremely careful In ascer
taining whether the orchestra is able to
properly render the piece to which they
usually perform. This is absolutely neces
sary. One false note, one discord or one
break In- the music most probably would
result in a misstep and the consequent
fall and probable fatal injury of the
artist. What is more. If It were possible
to ascertain the exact facts In the canes
of those artists who have been killed by
falling from great heights while perform
ing some aerial feat I am certain It would
be found that In fully 90 per cent of the
cases there waa some sudden lull or jar
In the music which distracted their atten
tion and caused them to lose their bal
ance."—Chicago Tribune.
""if the spectators could only understand
this more they would appreciate those
feats which are. as a kind of a grand
finale, often Klvon without the aid of the
orchestra. Most equilibrists nowadays
give one such exhibition at the end of
their performance, and any one of them
would tell you that the silence of those
few minutes when the orchestra has
ceased is the greatest nerve strain they
have to endure.
"In the first place; It encourages and
Rives confidence to an extent which would
astound any one who had never before
experienced It. Secondly, by always per
forming to one tune the artist Is able to
take his cues from it. and he keeps time,
much as a step dancer does. But, more
Important than these, Is the fact that the
music enables the performer to confine
his attention to what he is doing by
drowning any small noises among the
audience which might distract him.
Trifling noises are troublesome. Indeed, to
any artist who Is performing In midair.
Ing his "turn" Is absolutely necessary.
One well-known trapezist who is perform
ing, at one of the local theaters. In dis
cussing the matter.. said: "One of the most
difficult trials that an equilibrist can un
dertake .13 to give an exhibition without
the aid of an orchestra. Y»u probably
have noticed that all the time the per
former is going through his exhibition
good, stirring music Is being played, and
this is of immense assistance to the per
former in more ways than one.
HONOLULU, Auk. 17.— The labor situa
tion on the plantations Is still a matter
of much discussion, and planters await
with much interest the reports from those
who have gone to the States to Investi
gate the securing of another labor supply
to take the place of the Japanese. The
latter have ceased to strike, but they .are
found to be harder to control than before
the change to American laws, their new
found freedom giving them some strange
ideas as tor what they have a right to do.
It Is found that the men do much less
work now than they did under Hawaiian
laws, as they have no fear of the powers
of an overseer to invoke the aid of the
courts to make them live up to their con
tracts.
Many Japanese have left the plantations
altogether and are looking for easier work
such as hack-driving. There is also a dis
position among them to wander about tho
Islands, traveling from one island to an
other and leaving one plantation for an
other. Some of the plantations have
adopted a rule that they will not employ
a man who cannot present good creden
tials from the last plantation that em
ployed him.
Japanese I^eave Plantations.
randies' scratch ninRles, seml-Hnal round-
Miss Parker, Chicago, beat Miss Champlln,
"Chlcaso.
Second round-C. It. Stevenson (half 30) beat
ir. Kelly riO): F. ». Alexander (owe half SO)
beat II. \Vlmer (SO).
Semi-final round-Pumr.er and Samuel HarUv
Pan I-rancleco. beat E. P. Flsht-r and H. H.
Hackett. New York. 7-K. 6-1.
Men> handicap, slnplen, first round— S G
Tate (lot beat Petrr Porter (scratch); Sum-
S'w Im r i y ( 2V m bpat Kre| B n Collins (owe
half 40) by default; C. R. StevenPon <half 30)
}?1} ™ Z ny (half S0): K - n Alexander 'owe
half 30) beat «. «nrdo n (half 30); H. Wimer
(SO) b«at J. Bates (half 3^).
Chami.lonehip Hln*!es. semi-final round— E. P.
Fisher. New York, boat KrHsh Collins. Clilca
m°JJ £ "aekett, >•>*• York, beat Sumner
Hardy. Han Francisco, C-2 C-2
( *!|'' scratch double, fl m ' round-Krelph
Rollins and Harry \\ arriner. Chlca K o. beat A
r» ?? ac £ »* r hI " ! Q - °>a»»po- Toronto, by de
fault; F\ u. Alexander and R. rj. uttle.
I rlnreton. beat \V. S. Ilond and F. Heard. Chi
cajo; Pumner Hardy and Samuel Hardy. San
rranriseo. beat S. O. Tate and P. Morton.
Jf, n v a !l er v- € ~ 2 V 7 " r ' : E - P - Fl*her and H. H.
Hackett. New \ or k. beat A. C. Kllmaster and
W. W. Mulr, Hrantford.
TENNIS TOURNAMENT.
; MAOARA-OX-THE-LAKE, Ont.. Aug.
- 4 -— The finals in the men's singles weru
reached to-day in the Niagara interna
tional tennis tournament. Scores:
will Phow great quality if that kind of
fot on'thT"- he reSt are an ordinary
lot on their recent races
There is no question about the favorit-
u 1 ? for ., the event; as it lies between Bai-
M5T?i « Py i and , ol >' m Plan- . The former
did his final work yesterday, covering the
full six furlongs In 1:14. the best work
done by any of the candidates, and is
more than likely to be the first choice
Olyrnp.an was good, and there appears
to be a bit to spare for the son of Dom
ino at the end. Besides this Olympian
worked alone, which is not to the ad"
vantage of any other horse. When the
layers of odds put up their price? U
?tH U n2 "f ot be , PU n'rising to see the Keene
string favorites, one reason belne the
three starters, which will give the pub
lic a better chance for their money.
Harold, alias Frank. C'iark araa arrested
>eFterday by Detective Tom Gibson and
Kcrgeant Campbell on FUFpicion of belnc
t:;f- of the two men who have been "sys
tematically robbing the proprietors of
iaktriff. Their scheme is for one of them
to v!si* a bakery and after purchasing :i
loaf of bread place a J* pold piece on the
cunter. After being griven $4 i*o in changa
I.c Itavcs the place and Rives the amoui.t
to his accomplice, who at once enters the
l.akcry and requests the proprietor to
Clve him a $5 greenback for the change.
On receiving the greenback he places it
in an envelop**, which he seals. His vic
tim, after counting the mom-y a:id find
ing: It short to the extent of 3 cents, calls
the stranger's attention to it. With many
j;pologies the clever crook picks up the
money and gives the victim the envelope
•which is supposed to contain the green
1 ack. On opening- It the baker finds a
;>iece of blank paper.
Among the victims of the precious pair
tre Mrs. M. J. Harris, who conducts st
bakery at 223 Hyde street; Mrs. MaRgart.
at 727 Larkln street, and Mrs. Eaton. Jr.*
McAllister street. The police expect to
arrest the other man to-day.
CLEVER CROOKS IMPOSE
ON BAKERY PROPRIETORS
They Successfully Work the "Chang-e
Racket" on a Number of Un
suspecting Bread Dealers.
The guardian rom^Ialns that for eight
months; after his appointment as such
Wakeman paid him various sums of
money Hinging from $4S to $i'J7 05. which
v.^re oollccved as rente from ihe Inrcimpe
tent woman's property. After those few
in' rtths, the affiant sajra, the trustee made
:jo returns to Greenebaum. but instead
l.cld the morpys collected with the exeep
\:rn cf Fmall amount? paid to I-ady
Varde-Buller. In this connection Guardi*
en Greer.ebaum makes the following
I •¦•¦rner.t:
"That on or about tho 11th day of Au
pm. JS'rt. E. H. Wnkeman refused to
. i.ieer pay The taid sums of money to said
OAKLAND. Aug. 24.— E. H. Wake
man is accused of looting
the estate at Lady Mary
l>llah Kirkham Yarde-Buller.
of which he is the trustee. The
charges are pr^frrred by W. B. Greene
fcaum, the titled woman's guardian. On
the strength of the perious allegations
made in an affidavit filed by Greenebaum
to-day Trustee Wakeman has been cited
to appear before Judge Greene on Sep
tember 4 to show cause why he should not
be prosecuted for the alleged embezzle
ment of funds placed in his care.
W. B. Greenebaum's affidavit makes
specific charges against Wakeman, al
leginR that he collected money as rent
and applied it to his own use: that he re
fused to recognize the legal guardian of
l^ady Yarde-Buller. ard that contrary to
law he assigned his trust to William H
Chapman of San Francisco. The most
serious charge of the affidavit Is included
in the follcTrfnp paragraph:
"Tho afflar.t avers on his information
end belief that raid E. H. Wakeman his.
canceled, embezzled and convoyed awav
a large amount of money derived from
eaid trust property, the exact amount of
•vvh'ch atfiar.t is unable to tell, but which
he avers to be a large amount."
Not or.ly ha« Wakeman misappropriated
money, according to Grf^ufbaum. but he
has r«pt>atf>d|y ignored the guardian, pay
ing money from the trust directly to La
«.v Yarce-Huller ineu-ad of to Greene
baum.
affiant as such guardian that accrued and
were accruing from time to time as the
income of said trust property, but dis
posed of a part of them In a manner un
known to your, affiant, and as affiant is
informed and believes and therefore al
leges and contrary to his duty In that
behalf paid some sums of money sn accru
ing and accrued, the exact amount being
unknown to affiant, directly to said in
competent person, all of which was con
trary to the demands of the atttant as
guardian of the estate of said Incompe
tent person.
"That this course of conduct continued
from about the 1st day of May. 1900, to
about the 1st day of Julv. 1900. That
on or about the Mh day or August. 19>t).
your affiant again demanded of E. II.
Wakeman that he pay to him. affiant, the
income of «=aid trust property anu that
in answer thereto t'le affiant received
through the United States mail a letter
of which the following Is a copy:
SAN FRANCISCO. Oal.. Auk. 11. 1900.
W. B. <ire*nebaum n.«q — IJ>ear Sir: Your
favor duly reo-!ve<l yesterday. Replying to
whlrh I will say that fi.mie day* ago Mr. W.
H. Chapman pent for me, anrt on calling upon
him he fhowfd me a document, acknowledged
t«efor<> a notary public by Mrs. Yardc-Buller.
requesting me tn transfpr (he trust to Mr
Chapman. Acting on the advice of my attor
ney I have done so. Therefore in relation
to the rentF you will have to rep Mr. Chapman,
who. with Mr. Oarrity. Is acting as her legal
adviser. Very respc-ctfully yourp.
K. H. VAKEIIAK."
Here the affiant charges that Wake
m.'in unlawfully and ;ri contempt of court
assigned his trust to William H. Chap
mnn. knowing at the- time that Lady
Varde-Buller was incompetent and that
her estate was In process of administra
tion.
Hacking up hi.= serious* charges against
"Wakeman. Guardian Greonebaum re
qufsteil that a citation he issued for the
alleged embezzler an1 that he be f-xrim
ired on the charge of concealing and cm
b^zzlir.g r.r conveying tway the propertv
mrior hip control aa the c-stnte of Lady
Mary L.ellah Klrkham Yardo-Buller
W'akeman'p hearing ,s exported to bring
out some Interesting particulars concern
ing a rnHng book saH to have been un
puc-cessfully conducted by him at the Em
£** y \ 111? vTJlOfC.
Laundry Co.. Whlt» Star Laundrr. Dan P.
Carter. Tubba Cordage Co.. Sacramento Ga*
and Electric Railway Company. $15 each.
As a committee of arrangements th<j
Native Son9 of the Golden West have in
the past few weeks attracted a great deal
of attention. The Native" Sons organiza
tion was the result of a meeting of boy*
held In this city on the night of the 25th
of June, 1S69. The following account ©i
that meeting appeared tn The Call of the
following day:
Th« meeting of boys at Lincoln Hall last
night was well «ttended. The best order pre
vailed. John C. Pelton. who presided, and sev
eral other gentlemen, explained the call for
the meetlnpr which has been Issued by General
A. M. AYlnn. grand marshal of the Fourth of
July procession. It was resolved to organize
a comnany of boys and uniform them with
red caps, black pantaloons, white shirts an<l
black belts. More than 100 names were en
rolled. John B. Williams was nominated for
marshal, but he declined, and John C. Pel
tnn was nominated and elected amid a gran<I
huzza. The bijf hoys who were at the meetlnsc
were John B. William*. Thomas Roach. Jame*
T. Grady. J. A. Wnodson, Ja-sper Fishnurne.
John C. Plercy, Albert Ashley and Leonari
Kldd.
These boys were then drilled In tho
Mechanics" Pavilion and on the Fourth of
July they made their appearance in line.
They formed the sixth division, which waj
headed by the Swis.-4 Guard, which ap
peared for the first time. The hoys made
a fine appearance and were marshaled by
John C. Pelton. with John B. Williams.
Joseph A. Woodson, John C. Plercy and
John C. Peltnn Jr. aa aids.
A few days after the parade the boys
were called together In one of the Dis
trict Court rooms for the purpose of ef
fecting a permanent organization. General
Winn stating that it was the purpose (u
organize a society of Native Sons, anl
while the older persons who were preser.t
were discussing plans of organization tho
youngsters got Into a row and the perm
anent organization was postponed. Ac
subsequent meetings an organization wuj
effected, which had for its main purpoao
parading on the Fourth of July. Subse
quently the mission of the organization
was enlarged and the now grand bene
ficial organization was formed.
A. B. McCreery. J200; J. C. Wilson & Co..
$100; Miller & I.ux. Main & Winchester. A.
Borel & Co.. Security Savins* Bank. $.V> each:
Horwlnskl Bros.. Levlncn Bros.. Heacorlc &
Fr^er. Carew & f!rren, Rothschild & Hayden
feldt. Alphonse. Judas. American. Central and
St. Paul Insurance Company. Mann A Wilson,
E. Brown & Son, New Zealand Insurance Co..
Butler & Haldan. Meese & Gottfried. Alexander.
Yo»t & Co., California Electrical Works. Com
mercial Hotel. Electric Laundry Co.. Cascade
Sea Point Parlor will have a full-rigged
yacht, manned by a crew of Juvenile na
tive sons and daughters.
The following subscriptions wera ac
knowledged yesterday:
The regatta committee reported that all
is ready for the regatta on the bay anJ
that it will be one of the finest that haj
ever been seen here. It also reported that
a special tug has been secured for tho
finance committee and another for the
general committee and the press.
The entertainment committee reported
that It has prepared a contract for stand
ing pieces of fireworks for $1500 and for
aerial fireworks for $1150; that a branch
postofnee will be established at the Na
tive Sons* building; that the dedication of
the Spreckels music stand will take place
Sunday afternoon, September 9, and that
the Market Street Railway Company will
supply a special band of seventy-five or
eighty pieces; that there will not be a
military exhibition at the Presidio: that
the competitive brill of the Xaval Mll'tla
has been eliminated, and that there will
be band stands at the junction of Market.
Geary and Kearny streets and Market.
Powell and Fifth streets to give concerts
on Saturday, Sunday, Monday and Tues
day nights.
An Increased allowance to the decora
tion committee will permit of additional
decoration and illumination on Montgom
ery and Kearny streets as far north as
Bush.
The Garibaldi Guard sent notice yester
day that it will parade.
It was announced that the Fire Com
missioners deem It inadvisable to have
members of th« department who art
Native Sons turn out with their respective
parlors, but such as will turn out with
the Fire Department will be permitted lo
wear parlor badges.
The excursion committee reported that
in view of the liberal appropriation al
lowed it will be enabled to make t^.e last
day of the celebration aa Interesting as
the first.
<t7T? GREAT deal of time of the meet
ji\ ing of the Native Sons 1 general
II —^committee last night was devoted
to the languape of the circular ai
dressed to the merchants on the subject
of confining the decorations of their prem
ises to a simple display of flags, as lavish
as they may desire but simple In arrange
ment. From the statements made on be
half of the decoration committee It came
out that the language was only meant as
a suggestion and was not Intended to pro
hibit merchants from decorating the
> fronts of their premises as they might
see ilt, provided that there be no stringers
of flags across the streets and no arches
over the sidewalks.
The Committee's Circular to Merchants
Is Merely Suggestive, Not
PRIVATE DECORATION TO
SUIT INDIVIDUAL TASTE
Trustee E. H. Wakeman Charged by W.
B. Greenebaum With Concealing
and Withholding Funds. r
LADY YARDE-BULLER'S
ESTATE MELTING AWAY
Xo large building contracts for new ,
work have been recorded during the pres- I
ont week. TJie buildings now under way I
have called for the greater expenditures >
of money in material and work. The dis- |
agreement between the mill-owners and j
the millmen has become more acute and j
this will have an effect upon all new j
building operations pending a final and i
detinue settlement. ;
Sales of realty have been made at the
following prices this week:
William and Lizzie Hinkel to John K. Smith,
east line of Clayton, 17S:9 north of Frederick,
2jx10G. $5300; William M. and Elisabeth Gllles
ple to Celestln Kleffer, southwest corner of Sev
enteenth and Shotwell streets, 23x100, $3000;
Bernard and Geovame Trevazzl to Margaret
Ponahue. north line of Seventeenth street, fcl:3
foet wost of Church, west 52:9. north 106. east
27:9. south 2P. east 23, south $0. $6300; Isaac An
derson td John and Gabrlelle. C Traynor, south
line of Thirteenth street. 75 feet west of Waller,
loxKO. $3000; Emll and Mary A. Kluge to Wal
ter G. and Clara S. Cook, east line of Church I
Ftroet, M:4 feet north of Twenty-third, 24:10x70, I
JSOOO; Lizzie M. Thurston an.l William E. Thur
tton. north line of Twenty-elehth street. 1M !
fret'e.-.st of Sanchez, 26x114, |500; Jacob and i
Sarah Gordon to Robert Gordon, northwest cor
ner of Noe and Army fctreets, 114xlO6:fi, $300;
George D. and Charlotte J. Graybill to John Reb
f-tnck. north line of North Point street. 160:5 eaet
of Powell. 6S::«xl37:6. JfilSO; Jan; Montell to Au
gusta A. Hlnk, northeast corner of Lisbon and
India streets. 92:11x116:3, J1000; Joseph Jaoque
niet to Andrew B. McCreery. west line of Ba
krr. S7:U feet gouth of Golden Gate avenue. 23x
i:i:IOT*, «;00: Triumph I/ian Association to j
J ctvr P. Flood, south line of Twentieth street, j
M feet west of Ditiniond. 25x97:6, $2730; Thomas
H. Klnn to Margaret M. Westwood. north line ;
SL J . erM> >' "treet. «0 feet west of Xoe. 8<>xU4, |
KuRO; Emily J. Tennent to Katherlne K. Shea, I
north line of Brwidway, 45 feet east of Octa
vla. 32:6xlC0. $;utO; Joseph de la Montanya to
C. A. Dorn. southwest corner of Pierce' nnu
Turk street?. 27:Gx95. $7000: Robert C. and
Kllza M. Helton et al. to Nellie F. Graham,
west line of Jones street, 35 feet west
of Greenwich, 27:6x112:6, J2500; Julien
and Sarah J. Perrault to William Wankowskl.
northwest corner of Jackson and Hyde streets. I
n:CxI12:6. $7PCO; Charlotte L. Ricker to Frank
turrer. north corner of San Jose and Geneva
avenues, $ioou ; ]>. h. Larsen to Frederick V.
hchiller. west line of Orizaba street. 175 feet
south of Randolph. 100x100, $500: M. Jennie
Armstrong to James L. and Mary I>. Varnl.
I>elaware avenue, «9:5 south of Seneca. 60:5x I
m, $o00; Jennie and Kmll G. Schonwasser to
Hora Roscnthal, east line of Van Ness, 100 fert
north of Green street. 25x125, J&.'.OO; Security
Loan Association to William F. Heine, wes't
•"o^ o L- F i Iltrlore strp *t. 62:6 north of Union. 27:6
X120. $2C«X»; Nathaniel T. Coulson to George T.
Johnson, south line of Jefferson, 62:6 west of
liroderlck street, west 75, south 137:6, east 137:6
north 25. west C2:6, north 112:6. $3500; Judas
Boas to Edward J. Duffy, northeast corner of
Central avenue and Waller street north 00
east 72. northeast along road to Waller street
114.58. $3500; Bertha and Edw!n L. Head to Jane
Totin, west line of San Jose avenue. 29:9V.
north of Duncan street. north 25:10. west
«3:O»i, southwest 25:o*i. southeast 2:6>-i. south- '
east 6?:3, $1500; James and Kate Wilson to Lev!
M. Kellogp, south line of Minna street. 155 feet
west of First. 40xSO, $3000; Ada S. and Henry
A Duffleld to Levl M. KelloKp. south line of
Minna street, 175 feet west of First 40x&0
IS00O; Margaret Donahue to Henry E. Bothln'
north line of Natoma, 346:6 east of Second. 34x
.5. $3500; Robert S. and Florence Moore to
George and Richard W. Dyer, south corner
Pecor.rl street and Dows piece. 110:6x171, $15 500-
Lizzie and Thomas W. Burns to Henry >'. and
Mary S. Peterson, west line of Nineteenth
avenue, 230 feet south of Point Lobos. 25x120
1600; Louise Bee to G. Mlsllavacca. south line
of Mission. 125 feet east of Pixth. 25xRO. %n 500:
Kllsha T. and Jennie A. L. Youne to Margaret
Cornelius, west line of Eighteenth avenue 25
feet west of H street. $500; Mary V. Baldwin
I estate tr» Kllen J. Hyde, south line of Geary
; jjr^'- 137:6 west of Leavenworth, 97:6x137:6.
j The mortRBRes of the week numbered fifty
three and amounted to $12«.819; the releases
were twenty-seven, aggregating $126,100.
The mortgages of the week have been small.
The more important were the following: M A
Dally to the Hibernla Savings nnd Loaji So
ciety, southeast corner of Mission and Four
j teenth streets. 160x170, $10,001, one year at 6
I pt cent: Agathe L. Vlllegia to the Hibernia
! Savings nnd Loan Society, southwest coiner of
i Polk and Huchanan streets. 79:9x30. one year
at 6 r*r cent. $12,000; Sam M. West to the
French Savings Hank, south line of Bush "IS
west of Hyde, 66x117:6, $0400.
The more Important releases of the week
were:
Humboldt Savings and Loan Society to Pam
uol B. Austin, northeast corner of Clipper
and Sanchez streets. $12,000; Security Savings
Bj.nk to H. and Susan R. Ca<?ebolt, "northeast
corner of Vallejo and Pierce streets. 115,000;
Kllen C. Saruent to R. C. Aitk-ns. north line
Sf. i£ ar i. * tre^ S(:6 west of J ones, 25x137:6.
$11. • 00; Mary \. Baldwin to Kva and George
Metralfe, 137:6x137:6 on north line of G»ary
street. 137:6 west of Mason, $U,00O; Hibernla
Favincs and I-oan Society to Dorothea M
Klumpke. southwest corner of Twenty-second
and Valencia Mreets, $75(50.
Builders' contracts have been placed on
record as follows:
Alvinza Hayward with Rmythe Brothers for
plastering, ornamental architraves and mold
ing columns and beam flanges for the building
! In construction at the northeast corner of Call
i fornia and Montgomery streets, cost $16 000- L.
I O. Adams with William Tegeler, for a three
; i-tory frame building (flats) on the northwest
i line of Nineteenth street. 150 feet west of Va
| lrn-la, cost $12.1R3: Fred L. Pritchard with
i Thomas H. Day &• Song, for a three-story and
I rough basement frame dwelling on the north
' line of Turk street, 112:6 feet east of Leaven
| worth, cost $9»68j Christine F. and M. G. Cas
serly with J. V. Campbell, for a frame cottage
! on Sickles street. 30 feet from Huron avenue,
i cost $1200; Michael Sehahlague with M. Buz
i zlni, for construction of basement under build
i Ing at nnrthwe«t corner of Broadway and Hyde
street, cost $775; Henry Smith with W. Soren
j pen, for a two-story frame building (flats and
i store?) on the north line of Twenty-fourth
! street, 110 feet east of Folsom. cost $5859; Nell
Ilear.lon with Thomas F. Mitchell, for work
on a two-story frame building damaged by
j fire on the west line of Castro street. 110 feet
| south of Twentieth, cost $1177 65; Alice Phelan
Sullivan with J. W. Smith, for alterations to
a two-story and basement brick building on
south line of Sutter street, 185 feet east of
Grant avenue, cost $1970; Lydla F. Mayer with
P. L. Han?fn, for a one-story frame building
j with rough basrmrnt and finished attic en the
east line of Maple street. E2:S*4 feet south of
Clay, cost $2420; Kmilie D. Mattla and Maria
G. R"mane wiih Felix Marcuse, for a two-story
frame dwelling on the east line of Salmon
street. 77:6 feet from Pacific, cost $1900; Al
vlnza Hay ward with Duffey Brothers ami
Western Expanded Metal Company, for plumb-
Ing, lathing, etc.. for building on cornpr of
California and Montgomery streets, cost $54,200;
Patrick Moloney with John M. Brandt, for a
two-story frame building- with brick foundation
on the west line of Prosper street, 182:6 feet
north of {Seventeenth. 25x63. cost $2500; F. Tin
man Jr. with Otis Klevator Company, for elec
tric passenger elevator in the Plymouth Hotel,
cost $1630. *
Lyon & Hoag report the sale of prop
erty on the west line of Leavenworth
street, 32:0' feet south of Eddy, 25x87:6.
with improvements, consisting of a four
story building containing an apartment
house of twenty-five" rooms, and also a
store, for Supervisor McCarthy to Comp
ton Johnson. The selling price was
$25,000. The property brings In $175 per
month net.
David Bush & Son have sold several lota
during the week for Phillips & Vachell.
from the San Martin rancho, In Santa
Clara County. The purchasers and the
prices paid were as follows: Julia A.
Gould, lot 25, MVi acres, $125 per acre;
A. G. Crawford, lot 121, 12 acres. $100 per
acre; J. S. Carlylf. lot U'2. 12 acres, $10)
per acre; F. \V. Neumann, lot 71, 10 acres,
$100 per acre; John J. O'Leary. 10 acres In
Iqt 113 at $1*0 per acre; W. II. Cate, 5 acres
in lot 5, $90 per acre: H. W. Carlton, 10
acres in lot 25, $115 per acre; F. A. Rob
inson, 10 acres in lots 109 and 110, $100 per
acre; Willard Linden, 11 acres in lot 11,
$100 per acre; George Pltchford, 10 acre3
in lot 40, $125 per acre; George McCa
hon. 12.56 acres in lot 108. $100 per acre.
The I*os Medanos ranch, near Antloch,
and also town lots in Antioch and New
York Landing, belonging to the estate
of L.. 1-.. Kobinson, will be sold at the
Robinson home on Saturday. September
22, at 1 p. m.. by Hoyce, Toy & Sonntag
at auction. The ranch consists of 8000
acres.
Shainwald. Buckbee & Co., agents for
the Baker Kstate Company, have sold the
L. L. Iiak'cr residence on the northeast
corner of Washington and Franklin
streets to W. J. Dingee. The lot runs
northwardly 157:SVi feet and easterly
121:3 feet. On It is a handsome mansion
of the best style of a score of years ago,
which is to be added to and Improved by
its new owner at an outlay of about
S40.0O0. The price paid for the property
is $73,000. Its transfer last week from
the L. L. Baker estate to the Baker Es
tate Company was preliminary to its sale
to William J. Dingee. who. by Its pur
chase, becomes a resident of. San Fran
cisco.
In addition to the sale of the Ij. L. Ba
ker residence Shainwald, Buckbee & Co*
report the following smaller sales:
Lot on south line of Hayes street, between
L:on street ajid Central avenue, 25x137:6 feet,
J2000- lot on cast line of Pierce street. 35 feet
south to Fillmore, 23x62:6 feet. $S00. to Erward
IJouglas: lot on north line of Filbert street, 200
feet west of Raker. 25x137:6 feet, for $750, to
Elizabeth Muttner; lot on S line of Ellis street,
between Lapuna and Buchanan, 23 by 120 feet,
for $3500; lot on S line of Stevenson street, east
of Sixth, 50 by 70 feet, $9300: lot on east line
of Pennsylvania avenue. 100 feet north of
Twenty-fifth street. S33 by 100 feet, for $7500;
lot on east line of Tenth avenue, 150 feet north
of Clement street. 50 by 120 feet, $1800. San
Francisco Land Company to John T. Williams;
lot on \V line of Jones street, 33 feet north of
Grefnwioh, 27:6 hy 112:6 feet, for S2100, Bolton
estate to Nettle L. Oraham; 182 acres of land
in Sonoma County, known as the Lang place,
$7000; lot on northwest corner of Twenty-fifth
street and Pennsylvania avenue. 208 by 100 feet.
Sj21'>; lot on west line of Iowa, street, 123 feet
south of Thirteenth, 75 by 100 feet and Im
provements, also lot on south line of Nine
teenth street. 67 feet west of Iowa. 33 by 99
feet. $0300: lot on south line of Page street,
1S7:« feet west of Buchanan, 60x120 feet, for
$6000: Grosh estate to IT. K. Mathews; outside
lands block No. 636, bounded by Thirty-seventh
and Thirty-eighth avenues, H and I streets, for
$7500. to H. W. Watklns; outside lands block
No. 637, bounded by Thirty-sixth and Thirty
seventh avenues and II and I streets, for $7300.
to II. W. Watklns; lot on southeast corner of
Washington and Raker streets, 25 by 106:3 feet.
for $3750. tn Louis Friedlander; lot 6. block 57.
Paul Tract, northeast corner of Thirty-eighth
avenue and K street, for ?11<V>.
Easton, Eldridge & Co. report the fol
lowing sales which were consummated
during the past week:
William Noonan to Henry Jenkins. 6 front
fiats and 4 rear flats, 411-43 Natoma street, near
Sixth, lot 37:6xS0 feet, rents $93 per month, prlc*
$7700: A. H. Quatman to M. C. Hassett, lot
Fouth side of Jackson Rtreet, 130 west of Bu
chanan. 5Oxl27:SU feet, improvements, two old
cottages, price t1o(*>: II. H. Steele to K. I K.
Cooley. two cottages of five rooms, on lot 56x122
feet. 804-06 Shotwell street, near Twenty-second,
price ?4000; Rivers Bros, to Maria T. Hunt, two
flais. southeast corner of Twenty-fifth and San
chez streets, of five and six rooms and bath,
1201 and 1203 Panchex street, lot 22xSl:9 feet,
price $4500; Kivers Bros, to Edward Ryan, cot
tafc<\ 1256 Dolores street, near Army, lot 25xM
feet, six rooms and bath, price $2700 : Maybell
estate to J. I". Merrltt. six flats of 4 and flv«
rooms, rents $46 per month. 33:9x75 feet, pric*
$2300; O. Currier to S. Arata, cottage, south
Fide Twpnty-seventh street, 100 west of Church,
lot 21x114 feet, cnttaRP, 5 rooms and bath, price
$1100: Kdward Tryon to Joseph Meagher, lot
south line Clipper street, SO feet east o{ Noe,
lot 26:SxH4 feet.
Easton & Eldridge auctioned real es
tate this week and report pales as fol
lows:
Southeast corner of Fillmore and Waller
streets. 24xSl:3, the improvements being: ttvo
flats. $4450: 1217 Jones street, west side. SS:9
south of Clay. 27:6x127:6, Improvements being
a nine-room house, $7400, subject to approval;
1308 l>arkln street. 87:6 feet north of Pine. 2ox
87:6. three flats. $3500; 441-411 Natoma street,
275 feet east of Sixth. 37:6xSO, six four-room
flats, $7700; 65 Henry street, south side, 230 fee:
east of Noe. 25x115. Improvements three four
', room fiats, also stable. J2.VW.
G. H. Umbsen & Co. report the follow
ing list of recent sales:
Proll estate to J. Hart, :i3-20-22Lexlngton ave
nue and lot 50x70, $3000; Henderson to Thomas,
lot 50x120 on east line of Ninth avenue, 225 feet
north of C street. $1900; Meyer to Gllmore, 2
fiats. 14O4-1404A Masonic avenue, and lot 27x
105; $6000; Barnum to Lang, lot 25x106:3 on east
line of Clayton street, 75 feet south of Hayes.
$lftO0; Whartenby estate to Hoefler. 8 flats and
I lot 74x124 with L. 24x40, southwest corner Twen
! ty-thlrd and Dolores streets, $11,500; Cunane to
1 Sessions, lot 35x91 on east line of Lyon street.
92:SVi south of Jackson. 13150; Rlaney to Born,
lot 50x114 on north lln« of Alvarado street, 1T5
feet west of Sanchez. 1900; Summerfleld to For
rest. 1203-D Gough street, 30 feet north of
O'Farrell. lot 27x127:6, JSOOO; Hayes to Keo
heone, 1506 Dolores street, lot £5x100. $1350; es
tate of J. L. White to M: P. Detelo. lot on
southeast line of California street. 29x63:9, $13.
000; Boone to Southard, block 29. West End
Map, $7500; McOurron to Levy. "16 Turk street.
137:6 west of Van Ne»a avenue. 27:6x120, $6750;
Johnson to Henkel, cottage and lot on east line
of Thirteenth avenue, 150 south of Lake street,
-*oxl20. $1200; Koch estate to Scheu. 9*3-5 Mis
sion street, 43xS0 feet, $16,000; Heck estate to
Strohmaier, lot 40x103:414 on south line of Fif
teenth street, 120 west of Castro. $S.V); Fleper to
Huffman, 16 flats and lot on northwest corner
of Shrad>r and Beulah atreets. 60x106:3, and
lot on northeast corner of Frederick and Shra
der ptreets. 100xll9:4Vi. $50,000; Dusenberry to
Bradley. 109 Pansome street. lot 23:11x67:6 to
rear street, $38,600; Dusenberry to Dusenberry.
209-11 Kearny street, lot 25x:.T:5. JjS.OOO; BlRley
to Woenne. 729-31 Flllmore street, southwest
corner Grove, two I-story houses and lot 50x
12C.S, $10,^00; Duspnberry to Dusonberry. 517-23
Eddy street, 68:9x137:6. half interest. $13,700;
Uusenberry to Dusenberry. 224-230 Fourth
Ftrret. lot 50x75 feet, $1S,000: McLea to Hoenes,
765-9 Mission street, lot .Vlxioo. $3S.(*V>: McLea to
Hoenes. lot on southwest corner of Bush street
and Grant avenue. 22x2S, $14,000; Gingley to
Rippe, lot 28, West End Map 1. $623; Delaney to
Henderson, lot S0xll4 on south line, of Elizabeth
street, 25 feet east of Ellen, and lot lOOxlM on
south line of Elizabeth street. 100 east of El
len, $1250; Itaabe estate to Minnie Rohrer, lot
on southeaut cornrr of Folsom strpet and Fol-
Fom avenue. 32:6x100. $SSOO; Hcadquist to Dun
more, cottage 128 Twenty-seventh street and
lot 23x114. $3100; Kuhurt to Fofre. 1515 Grove
street, and lot 21:10'ixll2:6, J2725; Beck estate
to Peter Johnson. 1727 Green street, 28:S by
137:6. $3875; Hensch to Donovan. 922-4 Xatoma
street, and lot 50x75. $5125: Malson to Mulcare,
cottage 630 Guerrero street, and lot 2*>x90. $2950:
Herrlngton to Conger, store and two flats 1205
Powell street. 22:6x45:10. $2300; Herrington to
Dondero. 809 Montgomery avenue, 2S:7^x65:«x
46:9. $2550: McLaughlln to Baldwin, improve
ments and lot 26x4* on southeast 4 corner of
Kcker street and Lick alley. JOOOD; Smith es
tate to nianchet, lots 3 and 4, block 51. Ex
celsior Homestead. $1000; M. J. Miller to San
Francisco Brick Company, lots 39 and 40. block
9. Flint Tract. $1200; Mahoney to Weber. 32
Clara street and lot 23x75. $1100; Donnelly to
Fredericks, lot on northeast corner of San Jose
road and Seneca avenue, 30:8Uxl2O. $750; Lind
say to Smith, lot 50x100 on northeast line of
Brazil avenue. 100 southeast of London street.
$500; Fottrell to Broderlck, lot on east line of
San Jose avenue, 30:2"* north of Seneca avenue,
210xll6:8&, $2000; Henley to Miller, cottage 21.'»
Day street. $1000; Rothschild to Johnson, lots
1, 2 and 10. block SO, West End Map 1. $2000;
Ilutchinson to Keys, 23 Julian avenue, cottage
and lot 30x94. $1750; Vogle to Laughran. 4 flats
and lot 25xS0, 16* Clementina street, $3500; Hess
to Pieper, lot on southwest corner of Oak and
Cole streets. 58:3x100, $6917: Thode to Mu
«ante, 341-7 Waller street, 4 flats and lot 50x120,
$7400; Smith estate to Fisher, lot M.
West End Homestead Association. $325;
McDonnell to Young, 32 Morris avenue, three
flats and lot 25x80, $1750; Sorrettl and Trezzlnl
to Dlellne, 464-66 Tehama street, two flats and
lot 25x75. $3250; Kenny to Corslglla, 438 Ch~st
nut street, three flats and lot 34:4V4xl37:6, »3<XX):
ITmbsen (referee) to Roether, 3 and 5 Central
place, two dwellings and lot 23:6x58:7. $2.'50;
Armstrong to Varnl. lot $0x237, northwest line
Delaware street. SO southwest of Seneca avenue.
$400; Harrhal to Mrs. McKInstry, north line
I'aclflc avenue, 45 west of Broderick strt»t, 27:6
xl27:8U. $4000; McEneany to Thomas and Carl
son, 2512-16 Folsom street, three flats and lot 30
x90, $7500; Trezzlnl to Mrs. Donahue, 871S-12
Seventeenth street, three Hats and lot 52:0xSO.
with L 26x25:3, $6500; Dilges to Mrs. Pinelll,
232-34V& Harriet street, four flats and lot 25x75.
$3250; Friedman to Mrs. MIchelson. lot north
line of Union street. 59:64 east of Octavla, 25x
¦65. $1250; Kelly to Conroy. lot east line Twen
ty-seventh avenue. 125 south of Clement fct-eet,
25x106x104:2%, $150; Roach to Deane, 232-32V*
Rltch street, and 17-19 Clyde street, four flaU
and lot 22xS0, $2100: Raabe estate to Minna
Rohrer, southeast corner Twenty-first and Fcl
pom streets, and lot 70x?2:6, $13,000; Keegan to
McElroy, 3010 Sixteenth street, store and flat and
lot 23:6x110. $7225; McDonald to Meagher, 204-06
Chenery street, two flats and lot "0*102. Irreg
ular. $1300: McDonald estate to Meagher, north
west line Chenery street. 100:5 southwest of
Fairmount. 37:3x75:11, $300; Jaudln to Warnecke.
2971 Twenty-first street, two-rtory residence and
lot 25x95. $2152 50; Dennlsan to Stelllni?, lot 23x
85, west line Folsom street, 35 north of Fif
teenth. $2200; Schilling to Herrington. 11 Blede
rr.an street, and lot 25x90. $2025: Mary Grant to
Mrs. Lynch, 18 Ellis street, three-story build
in* and lot 20x60, $51,000; Klumpp to Oramus.
1611 Sacramento street, residence and lot 27:6x
118. J..000: Gecgus to Edwards, improvement*
and lot 50x137:*. south line Oak street 1CC:3
west of Pierce, $5000; I'erley to Prlngle, south
east corner of Fourteenth and Howard streets,
£,0x95, .$11,500; Harney to Wiley, block 3, Hor
ner's Addition. $37PO; Bryan estate to Kusstck,
1404-0* Folsom street, and 2S2-S4 Tenth street
store and five fiats and lot SOxinn. with L. 25x25.
$15,000; Schmidt to Fanning. 143-51 Clara street,
four flats and lot 37:6x*:>, $3200; Heenan to Me-'
Carty, 230 Langton street, store and flat and
rear tenements, 25xSO. $2000; Riese to Berry. 26
Langton street, three fiats and lot 25x75. $26/10:
Hayes to Wirm. in? William street, two flats
and lot 25x56, $4100; Marshall estate to Ahlers.
103 Bernard street, cottage and lot 23x60, $13n0;
Hogan to Prlntz. 1737-33 Hyde street, two flats
and lot 32:llx6S:9. $2900; Gottheim to Schmidt
"SI1 Pine street. residence and lot 25x1376
$4500; Olbrecht to Schroder, 1416 Taylor street
residence and lot 37x137:6. Irregular, j.'iOOO; Van
Bersaln to Boylan, 5S0-S2 Natoma street, two
Oats and lot 25x75. $30.Vt; Kuhlman to Whys
1M» Hnrrison street, two Hats and lot 30x70
$2500; Thon to Noonnan. 25 Folsom avenue 25x
("•2:6, $1600; t'utro estate to Vogel, east line
Forty-ninth avenue. 186 south of J street, $800
Keat estate to Morgan. lot 25x120. east line
Eighth avenue. 172 north of Fulton street. $<iS0;
Shelton to Vlshl, southeast corner of Dupont
and Gercke place, 25x62, $1600.
; The residence of the late F. S. Douty.
secretary of the Pacific Improvement
Company at San Mateo, was sold yester
day. The purchaser is John W. Van
J Bergen, the well-known wholesale liquor
dealer of this city. Baldwin & Howell
were the brokers, and the price obtained
was in the neighborhood of $23,000. Tie
lot has a frontage of over 400 feet on Elm
street and a depth of nearly 200 feet. The
residence is conceded to be the finest in
San Mateo. This sale indicates that the
extension of the electric road to San
Mateo Is already creating a demand for
town property there. Heretofore the de
mand has been confined to small Invest
ments within the city limits of San
Alateo. Mr. Van Berpen expects to take
possession of his new home within the
I next month.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, AUGUST 25, 1900.
Music Needed by Equilibrists.
The music that is usually discoursed by
the orchestra while any equilibrist is giv-
Dispatches from New Orleans about the.
rioting reveal the fact that that city has
been getting along with 300 policemen.
An Individual fad In fashion, and much
affected by women who like to have dis
tinctive points, about their costumes. Is
having the upper part of the shoea made
of cloth to match the gown
ALAMEDA. Aug. 24.— The Alameda Cy
clers, formerly one of the most prominent
clubs in the State, will reorganize to-mor
row night in the old cyclerjv corner of.
Central and Park avenues. Those inter
ested in the reorganization of the cyclers
are Eustiee Bellman. G. A. Dodd, A; G.
Dexter, Frederick Garland and George
Thome.. „
Alameda Cyclers to Organize.
Cnptain E. T. Hensley of the schooner
Aurora, charged with battery upon Wil
liam Judd, ex-first mate of the vessel, wag
acquitted by Judge Cabaniss yesterday
Judd was superseded as first mate and
during an altercation with the captain
about giving an order to the crew Judd
made a pass at the captain, who ducked
and swinging- his left hit Judd on the nose!
Captain Hensley Acquitted.
11
TRANSACTIONS IN CITY REALTY.
LADY MARY LEILAH KISKHAM YAEDE-BULLEE.
NATIVE SONS WHO WILL
FURNISH MUSIC FOR THE
CELEBRATION.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, AUGUST 25, 1900.
12
SAX FRANCISCO CALI*
TVCSrNrSS OFFICE o* The San Francisco '
Cfcll. cctaer of Merket and Third streets, open
B-tfl Z2 o'clock every rlpht la the year. -
HJ>ANCH ornens— S27 Montgomery street. •
(rrjpr C!ay; ci>en until 9:30 p. m.
IT-O liryts street; cpen until 9:39 P. tn. ;
rrs UeAUster streets w* n untl1 9:33 **" "*
CIS Larkin street: open ual'.l 9:25 P. «¦ ;
i:il Jlirsicn street: open until 10 p. m.
C2CI Market etreet, c-jraer glxteenth; open j
trail Jo.ni.
::•« dcrcntii Ftr*et; epen notfl 9 p. m.
irtifi Valencia Ftreet; open until 9 p. m. ;
Koctbwest ecmer Twenty-second and Kea- •
twrky street?; open ur.tli > p. ra.
CIU.71CJI SHKVICES.^ I
CTTE . Strr.r.irerV Fabbath Home. 643 Howard :
f-re, t-~ Howard Sufeet Methodist Kpifopal
Charcfe. John A. n. Wilson, L>. D.. pastor; ,
J». «• Richardson, M. i ; .. assistant: residence
by the church: telephone ]2!ack S6J. Sunday.
Auiruct 20: Ir the memingr. 11 o'clock. Rlsht •
Reverend John W. Hamilton, D. I>.. LL. D.. ¦
ov.r resident Rlshop. will opon his commls-
*\cn on 2n coast and preach his first sermon. ;
Rr*>.-.1:.1 irns'c— Anthem. "Sweet Is Thy
V.oroy" <I3arr.by): offertory, eopruno 6olo»
••JtiFt For Tr>-<J«iV" 'Adajnsi.FBiig by Miffs M.
L M';i?.n: Miss Flora Bollirger !s expected
to fo'.'ow Jioth fnioss vith appropriate
repel Fca^s; 12:~0. S. S. ond Strar.grerV
Ftfbte Cl»ss>; 4 i>. tn.. Gospel Wajcn work;
«:30. «!~at ETrprorth Leatrue Rally of young
people; 7:30 p. m.. senff service, and sermon
in- th* palter *• "The Comprehensive Pre-
E«nU*fcm." Special munl^-Anthem. ""We
Praise Th«» O Lord" (Lloyd) j offertory duet.
••Ho ; v Father" <ftradetla>. by Mrs. C. S.
KiOeietaa ana Ansen Hilton.; 9. After Meet-
'.rK. I>xik out for Wednesday night 7:30.
MEETING NOTICES.
nnGLXAR meetlr.g of the Pa«t fi'A
Masters' Association. F. and ff ±%,
K M.. v.-ill be heM at Maaonlo /&A*S
T«"n-.ple on SATURDAY. Au- J sQ'i»TJl I
pust 25. 1S00. at S o'clock p. m. g%*jS\
By order of the president. A»LrVj2<«}
PETER T. BARCLAY, SQ233!>%
Secretary.
CALIFORNIA Charter No. 6. R. A. M.. m
will w.eet THIS (SATUHDAT) EVEN- _4V_
ING. August ?5, at 7:30 o'clock. M. M. JfX
oegree. lij- order of the II. P. /sy »
rTtAN'KLIN H. DAY. Secretary.
UIS^ION IxxJge No. 169, F. and A. M— «
Otflcen arid members are hereby notl-^*^^
Bed to attend the funeral of <<ur <3e- j2L3v
mw4 brother. HllNHST GEORIJE' v>
THOMAS, from the f.all of this lodge TO-
DAT (Saturday* at l:C0 p. m. By oruer of
the W. M. G"C<.\ L). FLACK, pecretarj'.
KTllF.L!TY I^odce No. 2:2. I. O. O.
F. — Members are re<juest»d to £yS?^gjC§£:
«r.*»«>t at 1140 Fulton pt. for the r j
purj>ose of attending the funeral '''"
if our late brother. J. C. BLASER, THIS
<SATL'RDAT) 2 P- m- By order of ttafe N. O.
' C. F. PHILLIPS. Secretary.
EXCELFIOP. Dep»* Lodge N'o. 2. -^^Mfe-
I. O. O. F. — Reruiar meeting
THIS (PATVRDAY) EVENING. ¦^5*^^ I
Third decree. *fT/)»G
A. K. KIN'GSFORP. P. M.
AVSTRIAX Military and Benevolent ,£
As!»<x-iation will hold Its twenty we
end annual target ehoctirg and «£?iad»
rler.lc. Punfiay, August 2C, at Ger- J5j*35 1
mania Gardens. Presidio. Numerous j
frames for whlrh valuable rate and rafSe 1
pr1r.es will b<? awarded. Public Is cordially :
lr.vited to attend. A cood time is apsured.
THE COMMITTEE.
Pn>"IEL. can?p meeting. Beulah Park, East I
Oakland, Ret.t. 1 to Seyt. 1«. j
fTOCKHOLDERS' meetlr.g— Th* California
Prydock Ccmpanv.— Notice Is hereby rlv«a
that a met-tlng of the stockholders of the The
California r'rydock Company ¦will be held at
the o'Sce cf eaid company. No. 3CI California
fTre»-i, San Frsnclsco, California, on THURS-
DAY. Aug-ust 20. 1900, at the hour of 11 o'clock
a. m cf that day, fcr the purpose of deter-
mining whether paid corporation fhall be dis-
solved, and of voting: upon a proposition to
£!5Fo!ve the corporation, and for the trans-
action of Buch other business as may come :
before the meeting. By order of the board of j
directors. W. F. RUSSELL,
Pfcretary The California Drydock Company.
AGENTS WASTED.
TRAVELER experienced In dry goods, carpets, 1
<tc. ; commission: half expenses ad%-anced; a
flrrt-class man only; references. Box 1914,
Call olfice.
N S. G. W CELEBRATION oouvpn'.rs. For 1
particulars rail at PACIFIC PLATIXG* AND j
METAL, WORKS. E'.O Mission et.
A'IKNTS of ability and experience In life lnsur-
zr.ce. Call at room 10L SC<7 Market, cor. Sixth.
Wn hand!e newest novelties for agents. PA- I
CIFI^" AOENTS' SUPPLY CO.. 34C1 ISth ft. '
ASTROLOGY.
KJIE. HICICEV. astrcloirlst: ret your horoscope j
with full explanation of your future. S0c; card i
r«»a^ir.g and palmistry. 2r.c. 1??3 M!«glon «t.
ATTOUXEVS AT LAW.
ADVICE free; divorce latv a specialty; private;
no fep ¦without success; collections. G. W.
HOWE, any at law, SjO Msrk?t. cor.5-tockti>n. ,
ADVICE free; R. W. KING. 127 Market St.. r. j
CIT: a'.l cases and collections; money loaned. ;
KliEK advice; divorce laws, damages, estates, :
collections. J. A. Mitchell. 314 Montgomery, i
ADVICE fre«; no ch.TS" unless successful. W*. !
tr. DAVIDSON. M" Market rt.. opp. Mason.
L. P. CLARK. Eir.nu Fpreckel* bldp., 9^7 Mar-
ket Ft.; corsultation frfe; no fees In advance, s
CU8TEB, HERMAN J.. attorney. 9:7 Market i
Ft., r. TCfi: <- : j,pri eve.. 7-9; consultation free. |
UATII CABINETS.
ROBINSON S3. 4-panei fr.1d!ng:door opens; firm
aM FP.fe. \V. S. PHOWN. pea, agt.. 416 Ellis. :
iTlSIMiSS CI1A.NCKS. ,
A-S.V,ir. COFFEE salnrn and restaurant; close j
to < "n'.l M<i£.; rent $M); daily receipts about;
iV.''-. owner compelled to leave the city on duty. :
Call R. O. WILKE. :C'i Kearny St.
A— ti'-fi; RAIXXJX with • furnished room!«; rent :
$40; place dolnc a go.»d hniinf m and is sur- !
rounde-l by v.-arc-hou^es and factories; ct.m- \
mt-rriiil lunch from 11 to 1 o'clock: a splendid ;
opening. Call R. G. WILKE. 2C>, Kearny st. !
A— f4'n>; O01CCER efocery and bar. with 4 llv- i
Inj; room*: rent tls; <jn Sanchez ft.: owner i
pick in b»d and mutt sell at once; a rare !
c»ian^-p. R. O. WILKE. 26'-4 JCearny Et.
A-tXO0t; BAKEBT. 2 blocks south or Market |
ft.: place estab. years: doini? a good business: i
s.il fior>- tra'ie; rent $«a: I 1 * to 2 barrels per ,
<3ay. Particulars H. O. WILKJ2. 26',i Kearny. j
A— I"'"*; OOSSCEB saloon In wholesale district; j
cpuL. Busy years and doing a good business; i
rent %¦¦'': a firrt-claj's proposition. Call It. G. '
WILliK. K's Kearay ft.
A— 1~.'*>. CANIjY store and ice cream parlor in
Oakland: beautifully furnished and a No. 1
1-ayinR baslaeu; rent $SC: owner compelled j
IiT ill health to retire. See U. O. WILKE., !
H "^ Kearny et.
A-J;::.O— OLI>-ESTAB. restaurant: clo»» to
CbrOBtde buljiln?; average receipt* about
ff'i r*r day; rent JT^; a splendid offer: owner
will alien 5 days' trial. Call R. G. WIL.KU.
Ii'.' = Kearsy «.
COCXTET hotel and livery stable; a snap;
Oil* £f-ath. COWING & CO.. 719 Market et.
A — OOBXSR downtown butcher shop; receipts
*<0 day. COWING & CO.. 713 Market st.
A— E&5C— PARTNER wanted; f.m-elass Baioon;
wholesale district. COWING & CO.. 719 Mkt.
JtOO — GOOD home bakery and lodging house of
17 rooms; hcusekeep'.nipr: full; fine location; or
gel! *erara-.»!y. LANE & CO., S65 Market.
tZijO WILL buy an interwt In a placer mine
A/iSrtm lx>x 1S^. Ca!l office.
WANTED ....:
Two to three thousand dollars to Invest la the
Tr.3.nntacturirig and sale of three of the very
Iwrt money-rr-akine detlees Jn the United
Elates; a fortune to the risnt party of either
»ei; none but principals need answer; thor-
ough investigation eclicltel. Address box 1633.
Call office.
CORNET! jn-ocsry ar<l bar for sale; lscaticn
<ne of the ben In the city; bargain; tbiab-
lf^hed 15 years: rent cheap. For particulars
oail ?.?- it>im <37. fourth floor. Parrott build-
inr, fan Francirco.
t»O— COAL and feed yprd and express busi-
ncs^; 4 hcrscs and Z - .Tason!«; koo<1 buiidln-'-
living roora»; Ionic !ea?e; excellent chance'
e<**i location. 29J5 Plntcenth st.
TO rent— For cos I yard, milk depct, etc.; fine
location; plare 5« entirely covr.red: cor.ta!n« 2
*t«!ls: rer.t onlv $:".; water free. Inquire WM
HENDRICKSON & CO.. C14 Call building. "
FINE - bakerj" ar.'I restaurant! established
»rai!«-; for fol- at reasonable price; sclUns on
s-cccuut of Miners. 714 Valencia et.
NHWLY furn^hed. 8 rooms; permanent room-
er*; rent reB«nnable: sod reairon for selling
Address >^ 1G90. Call office.
6TALLS to let. ruitable for a live Kroeer;-raari.
S^e iruiwerlnund'-nt Union Square Market.
OYSTint and cliop hou«* for Bale cheap on ac-
iv>uat of sickness. ¦ Inquire at C Eighth 5tv
BAUOO2C on busy street, dolnjf eood business.
PurUfj'.ars U. S. Brewery. 315 Fulton st.
FOR SALE- Country shM shop. For particu-
lars apply 303 Mason st.
STATIONERY etore. J700; no agents. Cox 1CS4.
Call office.
rJOTION. cl^»r ar.d stationery store; good !;>-
cation. Inquire CaJl branch office, 300 Haj-ei.
OOOD irrocery ""d ealoon for eale; no triflera
fceed apply. Bos KM. Call. '
BUSINESS CHANCES — CONTINUED.
$500— LADIES* tailoring and dressmaking busl- D
ness; retiring cause of sale. MCLAUGHLIN
& CO.. 777H Market st. ?_
$150— RESTAURANT^, bargain this day. lie- V
LAUGHLI.N' & CCX. 7~H Market St.
J1GOO— CORNER grocery and bar: bargain: this S
day. Mclaughlin & co.. 'n% Market st. e_
$400— SHOE store: near city; making and re- ""
pairing. McLAUGHLIX & CO.. 777VJ Market. _
J45O— BUTCHER shop; near city; paying busl- V
ncsf. .-lckr.eps cause of sale. MCLAUGHLIN
& CO.. 7~tt Market nt. __ _
$1100— TRIAL riven: saloon near Market St.; E
bargain: coins East cause of sale. Mc-
LAIUmiXN & CO.. 777H Market it. B
$230— FINE comer saloon for sale. 1119 Hani- _
son et.. corner Lanston. j,«
WAXTE1)- To buy stationery store for cash.
Box :C73, Call. " J___ B
FOR sal~— Restaurant. K24 Hy<!« Bt.. across
from carhouse: very cheap.
COFFEE and te* routes supplied from CiEO.
W. CA SWELL & CO.. 412 Sacramento at. ~
SALOON tM cafe, centrally located; great op-
portunity for live nun; must be seen to be c
appreciated. Address box 19S1. Call office.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions ~
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore at. A
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1026 Va.-
lencia st. _^______^__
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
HOUSES— FROM 6 TO 250 ROOMS.
Prices from $150 to $10,000. -
t rooms; only JH5 F
11 rooms; In payments 550
21 rooms: on Eddy st 650
60 rooms; new; clears $400 3000
28 rooms; fine corner; clears $200 1700 —
80-roora house; clears $300 1700 £
IS rooms; fine corner; clears $'00 1PM
12 rooms; on Post st; half payments.... 550
40-room house on Powell st 2300
10 rooms: new; elegant furniture 650 -
6-room flat; downtown 400 *
DECK En. 1C20 Market St.; phone Mint 796.
LIST YOUR HOUSES WITH ME. I HAVE -
BUYERS WAITING WITH CASH. DECK- E
EB. 1020 Market st.
A-KREDO & DUTTON 86 GEART ST. -
TEL. BLACK CCC2. _ >
18 rooms; fino; fu'.l house $730
4 rooms; rent $10 250
KREDO & DL'TTON'. -
K— $ ? jW!0; bay-window ccmer: north of Market;
C5 rooms. ' KREDO & DUTTON. -
A — <C rooms; south of Market; new $2300
15 rooms: pars well 900 -
10 rooms; Geary st «50 *
KREDO & DUTTON.
A— $1800: hotel: 25 rooms: modern and elegant; ¦*
clears $260 per month: strictly first-class.
' ICrtKPO & PUTTOX. 1
i IS ROOMS on Golden Gate ave $1000 _
S rooms down town; new furniture 550 -
I S« rooms on Market st. at a barsaln.
! 11 rooms on O' Fan-ell 450 _
2fl rooms down town C00 J
EMERY & SMITH. 3 Eddy st.. room 1.
S1800 WILL buy 23-ro«med house; good loca- _
tlon: north Mkt. EMERY & SMITH. 3 Eddy, t
A— 22-ROOM rooming-house; central $1000 _
It-room house; $300 down, balance easy.. 300 C
ro-rccm house; first-class lOJO
I SC-room house; all newly furnished 3100 -
! ll-room hous*. **~S. 6-roora flat 323 J
FISHETt & CO.. 1032 Market st.
j HOUSES from 10 to ISO rooms; rood locations: c
I honest value, perfect title guaranteed to buy- m
! ers: money loaned; to buy or sell your lodging -
house or furniture and secure satisfaction J j
write or call SCHWEINHARD & CO.. 317 | _
Market ft., above Fifth; teL Mint 1?11. A
$200 17 ROOMS: rent $30; 1200 down, balance In-
stallments. 2SH Clay st. • -
. •¦ "V
CARRIAGES AND WAGOIfS.
___^__^^__^_ t
?75 FOR coal or cxpre.«s or two-horse wagon; t
pood for 2 tons. Apply 1300 Florida St..
corner Twenty-fifth.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
| etc.. cheap. Ed AX & PON'. 2117 Mission st.
j AN A No. 1 express wagon, single, also light <
' cainplnp wagon, for sale cheap. £32 Mission.
| NEW & Id-hand wagons, buggies, carts & har-
ness, work & driving horses. Uth & Valencia. ,
CAMPAIGN PHOTO BUTTONS.
MF"Y of all kinds of photo buttons and Jewelry; 1
wholesale and retail; send for catalogue.
Miniature Portrait Co.. 933 Market *l.. S. F. -
. CAItTET DEATIKQ ANU CLEAXISG.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work -
s«>nd to SPAULDINO/S Pioneer Carpet-Beat- <
Ing Works. 333-3:." Tehama St.; tel. Bouth 4\
• \ J. McQl'EKN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co.. -
453 Stevenron St.; tel. South 2rS; lowest rates.
" j J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-Bpatlnf? and Reno- •
1 vatlng Co.. 140 Fourteenth Bt. : tel. Mission 74. |
CITY Stpam Carpet-Heating Works, O. II. ! '
! j 8TEVEKS. rriKr., SS-40 8th st. ; tel. South 350. |
CARPETS cleaned at 3c i>er yard, laid at 4c
'. \ PTKATTON'S, 3 Eighth Bt. ; tel. Jessie 944.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.; .
tel. Main ZH. CEO. WALCOM. proprietor.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-BeatinK Works, 233 Golden
J Gat»> ave.; tFlppJion" Ea«t lSU.
COTTAGES TO LET.
• j SUNNY cottape. 2124 Perry et. ; rent reason- .
able. Ay ply G. II. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Mont- j (
\ roraery St. __^___^__
\ I DORE. 223. near ?th— Rear ccttagre, 2 furnished ,
'¦ housekeeping rocmy; folding bed. ;
| 4 FUNNY rooms and yard. $10. G Rfncon ave.,
! k-V f?3 F>"cnd ct. .
• * 8PIRITDALIS3I.
. • ARRIVED — Mrs. Dr. Farnham. world-renowned :
" j spiritual ro«"<iium; advice in all affaire of life;
I lawsuits, divorce?, deaths; unites the reparat-
' I eU; mining a FK-cialty; eJrs. Sun., Wed., Frl. :
' I evo's; come and bo convlnT-d. (Pc-rmanently)
c | E13 E<liy. bet. Hyde and I^arkin; no sign.
! MR5. LESTER— Circle this evpnins. 8 o'clock,
- I 10c; sfttlnss daily, one. 127 Turk st.
- i MRS. HOTTER. 24 Sixth Ft., circle to-day, 2 &
- i 8 p. m. ; 10c; sittings daily; G.. $1: L.. 50c.
! GO to WATSON, spiritual medium and palmist;
- I lucky and ti*ie; :5c, 30c. l^Sl Market, nr. 12th.
r I FIMENDSHIP Hall. =35 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
s ' Meyer, sit. daily; convinces tests to-night 10c.
- i MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, clairvoyant. t*st. business
t ! indium, life reader: Mttinffs Jl. 1104 Market.
r I CLAIItVOYANTS.
'. j MME I*ORTER. wonderful clair\-oyant & card
; ! reader, born with double veil & second fight,
. ! diagnoses disease with life readings: ladlesiOc;
gpnts $1; i>alm. & clair. sii. $1 £0. 126 Turk st.
i ISMAR. the Egyptian gypsy clairvoyant and
1 palmist, permanently located 1143 Market, opp.
1 I Cth: private readings dally 10 a. m. to a p. m.
' ! MME. HANSON, palmistry, card reader: past,
present, future. 25c. 148 Sixth et., room 14.
j I __ — ____—— —^— — __— .
t I MRS. MELVILLE, well-known clairvoyant and
r j water reader, moved to 11. 6th; German spokn.
• MME. SCHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader;
sittlr.es daily. 212'.* Sixth st.
' MME. MAJORS, gifted spiritual medium and
- I healer; satisfaction guaranteed. 132 Cth. r. 1.
" ' MME. ZBREDA, the rrypsy. is the creat palmist
I and card reader; 25c. 7 Seventh Bt.; no sign.
I' I A GYI'SY, genuine clairvoyant, located 10 days
- | S42 Mission; ladies. 23c; gents, COc. Frawley.
r j MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
j palmistry; truth or no pay; 25c. 1143 Mission.
7 | MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently: business
edvice; names given; 23c up. 5 Fourth st.
MME SYRILLE— Cradle to grave: future hus-
4 band's picture. 25c; ladies. S14 O'Farrell »t.
<i COLLECTION OFFICES.
¦- GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No charge un-
J, less successful. Room 210. 927 Market %t.
~ j OENTISTS.
i AT the "eLECTRO^DENTAL CLINIC, S00 Mar-
1- i ket ft., cor. 4th. rm. 7. Flood bide., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
- without plates cur specialty; gold crowns,
i- J3 r,0 up; plates, extractions free, $4 SO up; of-
i; f.ce hours. 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. : Sundays, a to 1
->: p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON, M. P., Manager.
- A— DR. V. CAVALSKY has returned from
i* the l'aris Exposition with some of the finest
I pafr.ts for rainless dentiftry. plates, teeth
1. I wllhoot a plate, crown and bridge work; all
w.-ik warranted; plates, full set. $3; fillings.
- I We: crown, $3 SO. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 6th.
»d i — — — — — —
>n EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plate?, bridges
and flliines; extractions or fillings by my won-
- dcrful secret, pa'.nlcss method; 20 years' ex-
°- p* - rlrnce; no students: advice free; prices
o- cheapest an<3 guaranteed; lady attendants.
IJR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell st.
n - CROWN and bridge work experts; our work Is
unexcelled and our prices are- the lowest: call
„.. and see our samples and get our prices before
Boins elsewhere; best of references; examlna-
_ Urn free. I)RS. PERKINS & DOVEY. 1013
i». _Markct St.. bet. Sixth and Seventh: elevator.
_ TEETH extracted free; plates. $j; crowns. $3 EO;
u- hrldcework, $3; all the latest methods for
painless dentistry; hours. 9 n. m. to 9 p. m.
- Modern Dental Parlors. 120S Market, cor. CO.
4# r»R. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 "Market" nr. Eleventh
- — No charge for extracting when plutcs are
a- ttiade: old plates. made over like new; teeth
•. from IS per act; extracting:, 50c; gas given.
r« PARIS Dental Parlor. 233 Kearny, cor. Hush—
Full set of teeth. $4; crown*. $3; flllinss. lie.
DENTISTS.
DR. ALBERT HILL. 830 Market, oor. Stockton,
for a perfect Bet of teeth and teeth without
plates; lowest prices for best work.
VAN VROOM— "Painless"; evenings and Sun-
days. 1001 Market St.. corner Sixth. . ~ '
SET of teeth without plate. VR. H. a.
YOUNG. 1811 Polk »t.
POO HOSI'lTALS.
im. mjZARr> - S~r>og Ho^pitairPo3t.~FnTmore^
Advice and medicine, 75c; city visits, $1 50; all
animals treated; dogs boarded. Tel West 63t>.
DR. CREELY'SO. P. manga cure and worm pills
by druggists or at hospital. SIP Golden Gate ay.
DRESSMAKERS AXD SKA5ISTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking and Millinery
School; patterns cut to order. 1019 Market st.
B. F. Dressmaking. Ladles' Tailoring and Mll-
Unery School; French system. 4U Van Ness.
ACCORDION pleating: factory: all kinds pleat-
In*, pinking. 121 Post, over O'Connor&Moffatt.
PARISIAN dressmaking. SS7 Geary St.; dresses
made. $5 up; dresses made over; perfect fit.
EDUCATIONAL.
AYRES' Business College. 723 Market St.; Ufa
ncholarshlp. $50; Includes shorthand, typing,
bookkeeping, telegraphy; day and evening:
Just added, new business practice offices and
20 new typewriters; catalogue free. .
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and medical
colleges; references. President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
FRENCH readings and dramatic art-Private
and classes taught by MISS BLANCH BOU-
VIERE. Lyceum Theater School of Acting,
210-312 OTarrell St.
BOOKKEEPING or shorthand; If you want to
learn In a limited time take private lessons
from an experienced teacher. M. W. COR-
NELL, room 63. Thurlow block, 126 Kearny.
BOOKKEEPING, free trial: private lessons; S
mos. in college not equal to 3 wks. with me:
$25. TARR. expert scent.. 429 Parrott bldg.
ENGINEERING, civil, eleo.. mining:., mech. sur-
vey, assay, cyanide, arch. ; day. eve. ; est. 1804.
VAN DER NAILLEN SCHOOL. D33 Market.
ALL students but two taking full course this
yar got positions. SAN FRANCISCO BUS1-
NESS COLLEGE. 123C Market st.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 Post St.,
S. F. ; founded 1S63; SO-page catalogue free.
CALIFORNIA Business College. 305 Larkin-
AU branches: thorough: positions secured.
PIANO and German: pupil of Conservatory la
Leirsie; lessons 75c. 320 Golden Gate ave.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc.. day or eve.; $3 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
LE JEUNE Art and Craft School: modeling,
designing, carving, all branches. 424 Pino st.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
A — JAPANESE and Chinese employment con-
tractor; estab. over 10 years; all kinds help.
421 Post st, near Powell; telephone Bush 133.
UNION Japanese-Chinese emp. office— Best help
furn. : domestic serv. 417 Powell; tel. Bush 376.
ORPIIEUM Employment Office— Japanese, Chi-
nese help. 426 Powell, nr.Sutt?r; tel. Black G072.
JAPANESE and Chinese Employment Office:
best help furn.; tel. John 2121. SOSVg Stockton,
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office —
Best help. 411H O'Farrell St.; tel. East 4?6.
EMPLOYMKXT WASTED FEMALE.
A MIDDLE-AGED German woman with a girl
6 years old wishes situation as cook; city or
country. CJ5B Natoma et.
WANTED — By middle-aged American lady,
position as housekeeper In small family. Call
at 112 Jones st.
WOMAN wishes sewing and mending to do at-
home. 116 Sixth St., room 1.
AN experienced and competent housekeeper
. desires position In respectable family; refer-
; ences. M. E., box 1692. Call office.
GOOD laundress wants work by the day: is
good house waiter; city references. Box 169S.
Call office.
WOMAN wishes housework where she can take
• daughter of 15 years to help; city or country.
Box 16S3. Call office.
FASHIONABLE dressmaker goes out by the
day. Address 1111 Sutter st, room 33.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third Ft., near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms; 25c to Jl R0 right: Jl 50 to *S
week; convenient and respectable: free bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmoro St.
! A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
j subscriptions has been established at 10SG
| Valencia at. .
'¦ EMl'tOYMEXT WASTED MALK.
GARDENER, married steady man wnnts posi-
tion on place; take care of horses;
run gasoline engine; handy with tools; wife
is pood housekeeper: best references; letters.
I R. GARDENER. 20 Clara St.
WANTED— By elderly man, position to feed
Gordon press, distribute type and make him-
Eelf generally useful In Job printing office.
Box 1329, Call office.
YOUNG colored man wishes, situation as por-
ter In saloon or cooking lunches for bar; best
references. 508 Chestnut st.
COACHMAN and first-class horseman; best
city refs.': young man: neat appearing; thor-
oughly trained. Ad. J. C, box 1327, Call.
BARTENDER— Young man of 21, with eome
knowledge of trade, wishes position as assist-
ant. F. TROFFARD. 3260 Twenty-second St.
YOUNG man, good steady habits, wishes to
Ifarn the barber trade; willing to do the por-
. ter work. Box 1930, Call office.
RELIABLE young man desires to learn the
undertaking business. Box 1923. Call office.
I FIRST-CLASS bread and cake baker wishes
j situation. Box 4001. Call office.
i COACHMAN, young Englishman, wants situa-
tion, or general work or Rent's place; best of
I reference. Address box 1099, Call office.
i BAKER, bread and cakes, wants position; ex-
j periencerl; day work desired. 313 Leaven-
1 worth st.
i EXPERIENCED tuner wants Bltuatlon In fac-
| tory; can do action work. Address P. O. box
4W5, Sacramento. Cal.
STRONG young teamster wishes employment
In grain and coal yard or elsewhere; familiar
j with any. Box 1603, Call offlce.
F1KST-CLASS dairyman; understands running
separator and mnklnff cheese and butter; ex-
perienced. Address box 1912, Call offlce.
GOOD middle-aged hotel waiter desires steady
position. Address H. KIEHL, 134 Fourth St.,
New Golden Gate Hotel.
NEAT, honest German. 20 years old. seeks po-
sition as assistant bartender. Address 1031
Market at. room 12.
GOOD sober man desires position as bartender:
best of references. Address box 1916, Call.
YOUNG couple desire situations' In hotel or
boarding house; wife as waitress and hus-
band ns cook. Address box 16S5, Call.
STEADY, reliable young man, understands the
care of horses, desires a position as coachman
or gardener: city or country; references. C.
R. C, box 4C11. Call office.
LUM GONG, Chinese flrst-class cook, wants
position In boarding-house. Address 744
Washington st. £.
WANTED— Chargn of poultry plant: nny ar-
rangements. Address box 1661. Call offlce.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st.
EXPERT OPTICIANS.
EYES examined free; spectacles properly ad-
Justed. N. Manas?*, oculist optician. 910 Mkt.
FINANCIAL.
IF vou have stocks or bonds of any kind for
1 sale, call or address PACIFIC COAST UN-
' DERWRITING CO.. 504 Parrott building.
j FLATS TO LET. '
• A — 10 TO CO days free: flats and houses.
l 1694 Page: F., 4 r....$2» 1990 Ellis; F.. 6 T....J1S
: 122SB Hayes; F.. S r. 20 S3 Tremont av. : c. 6r 20
i 1131 Geary; F.. 7 r... 30 1630 G. G. av.: h. 8 r SO
I 1139 Leav'w'th: F. 8 r 33 S02 McAllister; h. 7 r. 3S
Houses wanted. A. M. SPECK & CO.. C«7
. Market St. ._ — .
i CALIFORNIA, 2911— Sunny Cats of 7 rooms a: 41
bath, with large basement.
i ELEGANT flat, 3 large sunny rooms; I latest
Improvements. Key 712 Grove st.
. FINE sunny 3-room flat. S10; cheap. 3 Pine
i place, off Pine st., near Mason.
I. FLAT to let; 6 rooms and bath. 119 Liberty
; ¦ street.
5 FLAT of 4 rooms; bay-window and bath; $12.
; 71G Natoma street, between Eighth and Ninth.
'• IF you want to move get printed list flats to let
r from BALDWIN & HOWEI.U 10 Montgomery.
. POWELL and Chestnut— 3 fine sunny flats,
3, 4 and 6 rooms, bath, each; rent, J12. $14, $22.
s SUNNY corner bay-window flat., 7 rooms, bath;
l stable; house o( i rooms, basement, yard;
cheap. 1876 Fifteenth st.. near Dolores.
- UPPER flat. 6 sunny rooms, bath. 27 Birch
av*.. off Larlcln. bet. Grove and Fulton. ¦# ;
, FliATS TO LET.
$1S — BAT-WINDOW Hat. 3 rooms and bath. *
810 Ellis St.; key at grocery, Ellis and Polk.
JS— LOWER flat of 5 sunny rooms. 377 Sanchea
Et. near .Seventeenth.
FLATO TO LET— KVHMSUED.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 1000. corner Lacuna-
Comfortable and very complete furnished flat
of 6 rooms and bath; plenty closets: nice
conservatory; a model home; side bay-wln-
dows; Jefferson Park, fronting on Goklen
Gate ave.; excellent neighborhood : six
months or longer to good tenant; price $30 per
month or will sell cheap.
FLAT of S rooms; sunny yard; water free. 425
Linden ave. ; rent reasonable.
___^JhnjRXITI?HE FOR SAjLE.
4 ROOMS furntshea~7n~oa^k~7oT$4V50. with No. 7 "
range. King Furniture Co., 1127-1131 Market.
FURNITURE of 4 rooms for sale. 10G7 Golden
Gate avenue.
FURNITURE;— S nicely furnished rooms for
sale cheap. .Call a t 33 Turk st.
FUILMTURE WANTEIJ.
CHAS. LEVY buys your furniture, carpets,
pianos, etc. 1135 Market st. ; tel. Jessie 761.
Auctioneer— L. Vincent, 1335 I*arUln:tel.Polk6?4;
furniture & furn'd houses bought; spot cash.
$5000 worth of furniture, carpets, etc., wanted.
M. Silversteln. 1121 Market; tel. Folsom 1105.
ALFRED WOLLPERT, 773 Mission Bt., pays
highest price for your second-hand furniture.
W. E. CODY (late with J. T. Terry & Co. ) buys
furniture, carpets. 757 Mission; tel. Red 3353.
HELP WAXTED-FEHALB.
C. R. IIA>«SEN & CO PHONE GRANT 1S5 i
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
waitress, Nevada, $25, see party here 10 a.
m. ; 2 waitresses. Salt Lake City. $22 50; wait-
ress, commercial hotel, $25, fare pald;_wait-
resses for 10 first-class commercial houses, $20
and $25; waitress, city, $20; 2 restaurant wait-
resses. $7; extra waitresses, Pacific Grove and
Santa Cruz: 2 chambermaids to wait, $20;
woman cook, $30 and $35; 2 plain laundresses,
city. $20 and $25; pantry woman. $25.
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Nurseglrl with references for 1 child for short
distance In country, $25; call early. C R.
HANSKN _ CO.. 1M Geary st
FRENCH girl. $25, city, see party here, no
children; ranch cook. Gait, $20; houseglrl,
Vallejo. $15; second girl. Grass Valley, $20,
far© paid; houseglrl. Mount Eden, $20, good
place; housegirl. 2 in family. Martinez, $20; '
cook, country, $25, see party here; other
places, 'city and country- C. R. IIANSEN &
CO.. 104 Geary st.
WANTED-Pantry girl, $25; hotel waitresses.
$20, $25, city and country; 4 restaurant wait-
resses. $8, $7 a week; 2 waitresses, railroad
eating-house, $20, nice place: chambermaid,
$6 a week; German cook, $35, no wash; 3
cooks. $35, no wash; cook, $30, short distance:
2 hotel cooks, $35; 2 parlormaids and wait-
resses, $23; 4 second girls, $20. $25; 125 house-
glrls. $20. $25. city and country. J. F. CRO-
SETT. 316 Sutter St.
WANTED— Young girl for light housework;
wages $8. Call 1 Verona, off Third, bet. Fol-
tom and Harrison.
GIRL or woman to do light housework and
cooking for family of three; good wages.
Apply 1428 McAllister st.
WANTED — Office assistant; give reference, ex-
perience and wages expected. Box 1925. Call.
YOUNG girl assist light housework. 920 Oak
Et.; rear 6; sleep home; $10.
GIRL; general housework; 3 adults, 1 child;
wages $20. 19C4 Broadway.
GIRL to do general housework in small fam-
ily. Inquire mornlnjrs, 410 Ashbury st.
TOUNO woman for general housework; Email
family. 1135 Park ave., Alameda.
YOUNG girl; cooking and general housework
In flat. 42S Scott st.
FINISHERS on fine coats. -IIS Rues Bt.
GIRL for general housework; must be a good
cook. 114 Devlsadero Bt.
MIDDLE-AGED woman for general house-
work; wages $10 to $12; good home. 319 Third.
GIRL to assist with housekeeping; wages $15.
1279 O'Farrell st.
GIRL for cooking and general housework.
1025 Devlsadero st- I
. ;
LIGHT housekeeping; easy place; email wages.
Address or call before 12 m. at 710 Lombard.
WAITRESS wanted; first-class wages. 631 Clay |
street.
WANTED — Women and girls to work on fruit:
canning and preparing: highest wages paid;
steady work: prizes for quick work. Apply
Immediately to U. S. FRUIT PACKING CO..
Harrison nve.. between Seventh and Eighth
sts., off Folsom.
WOMEN and girls for canning nnd preparing
fruit; steady work; highest wages. Apply
CAI.IFORNIAN CANNERIES CO., LTD..
Brannan St., between Third and Fourth.
OPERATORS wanted on shirts; young girls
taught: steady work; best pay. BRENNER-
' ULMAN CO., 19 Battery st.
APPRENTICES on overalls. STANDARD
SHIRT FACTORY, cor. Gough and Grove sts.
GIRLS to rivet overalls, also sewing machine
operators, at Levi Strauss & Co.'s factory,
32Vi Fremont St.: no experience necessary;
good wages. Apply to MR. DAVIS.
WANTED— A woman to do washing, ironing
and floor cleaning 3 days a week at $1 per day
and bonrd. Inquire Sherman House, 28
Eightli st.
VEST hands— Experienced operators and fin- |
- lehers on vests. Apply E. H. LEVA, £13
Market St., up to 12 o'clock Sunday.
LADY, solicitors; proprietary preparation; ap-
peals to every woman. O. R. C, box 1696,Call.
A YOUNG girl for general housework; wash-
Ing; small family of adults. 315 Scott St.
WANTED— Experienced girl for candy store at
12S Third at.
YOUNG girl for cooking and downstairs work;
German /preferred. 1013 Sutter et. *
GIKL or woman, light housework: $15 month.
1515 Broderlck St., near Sutter.
IMPROVERS on waists wanted. FRANCES,
736 Butter st.
SKIItT hand. Rlso an apprentice, at MME.
LICHAU'S dressmaking parlors. 455 Geary.
WANTED— Operators on ladles' waists. San
Francisco Mfg. Co.. 400A Turk st.
RESPECTABLE young girl for housework and
plain cooking. 703 Larkln st. \_
GIRLS for hand work on corsets. 231 Powell
street. .
PREFERS wanted on overshlrts. BRENNER-
ULMAN CO., 17 Battery st. j
WANTED— An operator on coats; good pay:
steady work. Box 1658. Call.
WANTED— Women and girls to work on fruit.
1731 Folsom St.. between 13th and 14th.
EXPERIENCED operators on negligee shirts;
rood ray. 27 Jessie St.. fifth floor.
CLASSIFIED advertisements on<l subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1000 Va-
lencla st. '
IIEI,P WASTE ~— - M ALE.
20 MEN to pick fruit. $25 month, free fare. J.
F. CROSETT Agency. 62S Sacramento st.
4 CARPENTERS for country, house building,
long Job. $3 day, S hours 1 work: man and
wife for milk dairy, $40; fruit farmer and
wife. $40: gardener and wife. $C0 and found;
laundry man and wife, $60; winery. $10 weak:
Ensllsh or Scotch groom. $25 and found; 3
ranch teamsters. $1 25 daj- and board; stable-
man and driver, $50; 2 vineyard men, $10
week: a large number of machine men for
planing mills and sawmills, etc.. in country;
laborers for mills, woods and quarries, and
others. J. F. CROSETT Agency, 62S Sacra-
mento Et. - ' - '
BARBERS' Progressive Union— Free employ-
ment. H. Bernard. Sec. 104 7th; tel. Jessie 152.
FIRST-CLAPS coatmakers for the country." J.
BAUMGARTEN & CO., 7. Montgomery at.
YOUNG man wanted In gent's furnishing goods
store by S. LANZET. 44 East St.. nr. Mission.
WANTED— Boy to run errands. 40 Ellis Et.,
rooms 41-42. - . ' -. "¦
WANTED— Cook for mercantile lunch. .. Call at
SCHAEFER'S Criterion. 48 Stockton et.
FRATERNAL organizers. 402 Parrott building;
men and women.
WANTED-^Boy to tend* shop. 1704 Polk St.
NEAT waiter; $5 week and room; closed Sun-
days. Restaurant. 23 First st. '
LUNCH . waiter wanted from 11 to 1 p. m.
Corner Pacific and : Battery sts.
WAITER wanted. [ E60 Howard st.
WANTED— Walter. 435 Ellis street.
**• HELP W'ASTED—MAIiB.
A— MURRAY & READY.... PHONE MAIN C84S "V
...Leading Employment and Labor Agents...
Want 7 a. m. to-day ••
WE SHIP FREE
Men fcr all parts of California, Utah, Wash-
ington. Arizona. Oregon, Colorado. Nevada «
and Hawaiian Islands.
Free fare and office fee only $1
Special to-day to the following districts:
DUNSMUIR REDDING SHASTA r
HEKNDON FRESNO MENDOTA
L"s Angeles. ...ard Santa Barbara districts
Reno (Nev.) and Truckee districts
Crews Landing and Newman districts _
Ban Luis and. ..Surf districts \
Bakersfield and.... Madera districts
Salt Lake City Soda Springs
and other points good wages
WE SHIP FREE come one, come all "V
It only costs $1 fee and no other expenses
come see
MURRAY & READY. 631-636 Clay gt.
A— WHEELWRIGHTS CARPENTERS
Carpenters with or without tools for large
mining company, $3 to $3 50 day
6 carpenters, company work free fare
Wheelwright, country shop $3 day
18 blacksmiths and horseshoers, for shops,
ranches, etc $40. $50 and found. $S day
Tlmberman. mining 1 company $4 day
Coopers bridge builders woodworkers
LOOK HERE FOR HANDY MEN!
Any men handy with hatchet w\ll suit this
Job; 25 men to build flume, $30, $35, $40 and
found: lorg Job
FRt JITPICKERS FRUITPICKERS
1E0 men and boys .to pick all kinds of fruits,
gather almonds. «tc. $26 and $30 and found
WE PAY YOUR FARE
And ship to the sawmills and woods 236 la-
borers for 23 different Fawmills, $28 to HO and ,
found, anybody will suit: 95 woodsmen, mill-
men: also all kinds of planing mill help. $95.
$S0. $65, $70, $60, $40. $50. $30 and found
S64 woodchoppers, tlcmakers, etc., $3, $2 B0, $2,
$1 and 75c cord, tools and food found........
1J5 farm hands $3.", $30, $28 and found
8* milkers and buttermakers {30. $25 found
/Cheesemaksrs $35 and found .
24 stablemen, etc $25, $50. $60, $40, $30 found (
16 hay balers, $3 day; also harvest crews
364 laborers and teamsters, $2 60, $2, $1 73 day;
some board yourself home: boys for stores, -
factories, etc., city Jobs, cabinetmakers, <
woodworkers, carrlagemakers. bridge build-
ers, etc.: come see -
Screw turner, sawmill company, see boss here
EdKerman. tallyman, sawmill company
25 woodmen, Santa Cruz Cocnty. $32 £0 and fd
Sticker hand. $3 CO day Planer, $3 a day :
Matcher, 53 a day Machine man, $3 a dav
Farmer and wife $33 and found .
ALSO HUNDREDS OF POSITIONS <
..NOT ADVERTISED COME SEE.
10 lumber pliers. Santa Cruz Co $52 -
Man and wife, private place, $40 and fd.. see -
bors here. Ml.'RKAY A- READY. (34-634 Clay.
A-SPECIAL » :
10 laborers for manufacturing company, near .
city. $2 40 day. any laboring men will suit
Married fumacoman for the mines $53 *
Book-keeper, rtenogrnpher and typewriter,
country; boys cr young men to drive delivery
wagons. MURRAY & READY. C34-G2S Clay.
A— HOTEL ..RESTAURANT. .LAUNDRY Help :
32 cocks, city and country. $35 to $50 and found '
also short order and night cooks
Second and third cocks for mines
$3T> and $40 and found .
Second baker, country shop $40 and found ]
15 waiters, city and country
$23 and $30 and found ¦
Bakers and helpers, $40, $35 and $30, $60 and fd
Washers, starchfrs and lroners for laundries
Butchers pantry men handy •
men fcr institution, etc.: lunch man fo»- cafe.
$C0 and board: 2 cooks, fruit ranches, $30 and
found. MURRAY & READY. 634-626 Clay St.
A— BRIGHT boy for this office, $1 week. MUR-
RAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st. •
A— SPECIAL FOR TO-DAY.
WE SHIP FREE TO SOLANO COUNTY
20 railroad men for Solano County
Free fare Free fare Free fare ,
MURRRAY & READY. 634-63S Clay st.
A — FOR a mine boardlns house, second cook, .
$40 and found, fare advanced: also for same
place, third cook, $35. fare advanced. MUR-
RAY & READY. 634-636 Clay Ft.
A—TO the mln-;s 150 miners
Single hand and machine
Also C50 laborers for gold, sliver and coal
mines in all parts of the State, $90. $75, $60,
$50 and S40 and found. MURRAY & READY.
C34-626 Clay St.
A— C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 GEARY ST.
1000 MEN FOR NEW R. R. WORK
200 teamsters. Nevada $2 a day
100 teamsters, Bakersfield $2 a day
20 teamsters. Coast road * $2 a day
li) laborers. Coast road $2 a day
20 tunnel men for big tunnel, Chatsworth
Park, Los Angeles County.. ..$2 to $2 50 a day
Ship dally Fee $1 Free fare
FOR S. P. CO.'S OWN WORK
! CO laborers for rock crusher $1 90 a day
20 laborers, different divisions. ...$1 70 a day
100 laborers. Surf, Santa Barbara Co. .$2 a day
Ship dally Fee $1 Free fare
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Hotel chef, $75: cook, hotel, city. $30: third
cook, country hotel, $35, fare advanced: sec-
ond cook, hotel, $50; baker, country hotel. $45;
meat and pastry cook, country hotel. $55; 3
baker's helpers, $20 to $35: 25 dishwashers and
kltohen hands, J20 and $25: porter, country
hotel, $20.
2 head waiters, country hotel, $40 and $¦/>;
head waiters, $25 and $30.
Marker and distributer, country laundry.
M5 and board. C. K. HANSEN & CO., 104
Geary St. ¦
A— SHAMPOOER and masseur; baths and
springs: $30 and found; fare advanced. C. R.
HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
W \XTED — Salesman or manufacturer's agent,
one having an extensive acquaintance with
the woodwodrklng and general manufactur-
ing interests in the State of California, to
handle a line In use and Indorsed by the lead-
ing manufacturers of the United States. Can-
ada Germany and Great Britnln. Address,
stating references, "NANK." corner Eawtelle
nnd Woodland aves.. Cleveland. Ohio.
ELDERLY man around house; handy with
tools; short distance in country; $10 month.
NE. corner Market and Mason sts.. basement.
, WANTED— A good waiter who can do some
short orders: $6 00 week. 210 Townsend St.,
between Third and Fourth.
' 3 LABORERS, Fourteenth ave. and N st.
South; take Kentucky-st. cars.
: BARBER wanted In country. For further in-
formation apply 160S Devisadero, barber shop.
[ BARBER wanted for Saturday and Sunday.
t 1543 Mission st.
! BARBER wanted at 105 Second st.
1 BARBER for Saturday and Sunday. 1322 Pow-
ell at.
' BARBER, fcr Saturday afternoon and Sunday.
; 1357 Dur-ont St.. near Green.
' BARBER wanted for Saturday and Sunday.
1403 Polk st.
: BARBER for Saturday and Sunday; chance for
steady Job. 26 Hayes st.
' BARBER for Saturday and Sunday; $4 60. 556
Fourth st.
' GOO» barber Saturday and Sunday. 623 Clay
street.
. GOOD barber wanted at 325 Grant ave.
" GOOD barber wanted for Saturday. 131 Third
street. •
1 BARBERS— First-class 5-chalr shop and 8 bath
tubs for sale cheap; going to Silver City, N.
1 M. Inquire Call office.
BOOTBLACK wanted for barber shop. 17 Tay-
1 lor et.
BOOTBLACK wanted for a barber shop. 39*4
I Turk st. . -_
WANTED— Second cook. Call early. ' 112
r Fourth st. ] \ •-'-" '•
* SMALL errand boy wanted at 200^ Turk st.
' LUNCH man wanted; $C a week. 1077 Market st
, WAITER wanted. 631 Clay st.
1 WANTED— A lunch waiter. 432 Brannan st.
" STICKER and matcher hand wanted for manu-
.facturing establishment; steady work to a
= capable man. Box 4003, Call office.
WANTED — Steady man. with small capital:
" permanent place; will pay $63 per month
year round; light work. 1016 Market St., r. i-J.
7 TO tailors' cutters— A first-class cutter re-
'£ quired: permanent position. Apply between
2 10 and 11 a. m. to CHARLES LYONS, the
. London Tailor, 721 Market st.
i LADIES' tailors; only first-class reen wanted;
3 highest wages. FRANCES. 796 Sutter st.
¦0 BENCH hands and cabinet makers wanted. K.
r HERRING. 659 Brannan st. .
d I GARDENER. at Grallert Nursery. Colma. San
. i Mateo Co. Write or call bet. 3 and 4 p. m. .
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
~ price. 562 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
11 NEW. goods; quick sales: salary or commls-
r. tlon; city or country. THE J. DEWING CO.,
Flood bulldlnr.
Is WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
»• that Ed Rolk'ln. Reno House proprietor, still
~ runs Denver House, 217 Third St.: 130 largo
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to ?2 per week.
71 GOOD porter wanted at C07 Lasuna st.,. corner
Hares. .
t; BOY to learn carpentering. Call 623 California
street. ¦ . « ¦ -
~ WANTED— Good barber: steady job. SAM
WITT, £313 Santa Clara ave., Alameda.
l- SECURITY deposit put up for street railway
employes. SHALMOUNT, 1406 Pine, 2-4 p. m.
l. MEN and women to learn barber trade. S. F.
Barber College. -741 A Howard st.
SAILORS, ordinary seamen and green hands;
-all parts of world. . HERMAN'S. 26>Steuart.
PENSIONS— GEO. D. CAMPBELL, lawyer.* 1G
¦• — years", practice; Examiner -building.
¦ . . ¦ -'-•-¦
HELP WANTED— MALE.
;. . a. ..,---¦ — ¦ — ¦ — —
"^Screw turnef."J2'50 a'dayrcarrlaK» man. nme
mill. $40 and board; blacksmith for camp. $40
and board; Swiss milker. $30; milker, small
dairy. $25: man to milk few cows and make
• butter, $22 50: men for hay press, Ijc ton:
blacksmith helper. 52 a day; cook^for Govern-
ment survey party. $S0 to $t>0; 2 restaurant
walterl. $35. I"d. EWER & CO.. 610 Clay.
'tare— s6' 'laborers for railroad
wSrk: all parts of California: company wort
W. D. EWER & CO.. 610 Clay Bt. f
jlay et. • ¦
job. $25 and board for 11 hours work, also > l>
men to pick prunes. $2 a ton. AV. D. Ett EH
& CO.. 610 Clay St.
WANTED-Recruits for the^ Tn " e^, S } at *;! Ji*"
rine Con*. V, S. Navy, able-bodied unmar-
ried men of good character between the ages
of 21 and 25 years: not less than 5 fee .4
inches and not over 6 feet 1 Inch In heteht.
must be citizens of the United States or per-
sons who have legally declared their Inten-
tions to become cltlrens; able to read, write
and spoak English properly. For further in-
formation apply at the Marine Kecrultin* Ot-
flcc. 40 Ellis St.. San FVanclsco. Cal.,530 *.. si..
Sacramento. Cal.. or 1053 J St.. Fresno. Cal.
WANTED-For U. S. army, able-bodied, un-
married men between ages of 21 and 35. citi-
zens of United States; of good character ana
te-Derate habits, who can speak, read ana
write English; recruits are specially desired
for service In Philippines. For Information
apply to Recruiting Officer. 121 New Mont-
gomery at.. San Francisco. Cal. ____
GRADUATE optician (Al refractionist). neat
appearance; elderly person preferred; salary
$23 week. Box 3261. Call office.
GET your shoes half soled while waiting: 25c
to SOc. 662 Mission at., bet. 1st and 2d Bts.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket;. 700 rooms, 23c night; readins-roorn: free
bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
L1XDELL House, corner Sixth and Howard—
Rooms 15c to 25c night; 75c to $3 per week.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 109«
Valencia at.
HORSES. LIVE STOCK. Etc For Sale
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market,
S27 Sixth at. ; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
70 HEAD draft, carriage and saddle horses;
also pneumatic and rubber-tired buggies;
cheap. Occidental Horse Exchange. 721 How-
ard st. ¦
FINE family cow and calf for sale. Kansas
St.. bet. Sixteenth and Seventeenth.
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED list: houses to let: send for clr-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. I* Montgomery.
LACUNA. 1611— House of 6 rooms, bath; gas;
yard; rent reasonable.
BROADWAY. 1912, nr. Octavia— 6 rooms, bath.
HOWARD. 1105— Upper part of hotue. S nlcs
sunny rooms; hot and cold water; rent $16 50.
HOUSES TO LET FCRXISHEO.
A— SNAP; new carpets and furniture of 7- room
house for sale or rent; cheap. 1035 Golden
Gate ave.
" LOST AXD FOCSD.
$100^^ REWARD*return^Tf our I ilOCO Leaven— orth
Co. bonds. MRS..M. A. McFARLAND. 973
Geary st.
LOST— Gordon setter pup; black, tan points;
white on breast. 1253 O'FarreU st.; reward.
LOST— Sorrel horse; weight about 1150 lbs.;
white mark on hind foot; whita mark on
neck from collar sore. Return to JOHN
RAFP & SON, opposite Eighth and Townsend
sts.. and receive liberal reward.
LOST— Pointer bitch on Ninth ave.. south of
T*ark. Return to southeast corner Halght and
Fillmore sts. and receive liberal rewartl.
LOST— At Sausaltto ferry. Sunday, between 5:45
and 6 p. m., a brown fur cape. Reward by
returning same to S23 Geary st.
REWARD for bunch of keys. Return to 1S22
O'Farrell st.
MEDICAL. *
DR. and MRsT DAVIEsTl22S M^rket"sT— llell^
able ladies' and gents' specialists; 33 years'
practice; have treated thousands of cases suc-
cessfully, a positive cure juaranteed a * of-
fice- ladies treated can return home the sam«
day: try the celebrated HI.VDO HERB treat-
ment for home cure; any one can use It by di-
rections; perfectly harmless; home for confine-
ment. Send five 2-cent stamps for circular.
MRS DR. KOHL, the well-known and reliable-
ladles' specialist; fniaranteed treatment at of-
fice. $3; positive cure: home for patients be-
fore and during confinement; skillful medical
attention; consultation free and confidential.
446 Eddy st.. bet. Leavenworth and Hyde.
;. DR. G. W. O'DOSNELL, the world-renowned
e ladles* specialist; safe and reliable; has prac-
ticed in San Francisco for years; treated thou-
sands of cases successfully;' treatment can be
used at home; consultation free. After all
11 others fall call on him. 1023H Market at.
DRS. GOODWIN, well-known ladleV specialists,
- have returned from Europe; safe and reliable;
e cure $5; have treated thousands of cases with
. success: 15 years' practice In S. F. : maternity
home: low fees. 1007H Market St.. near Sixth.
. A— NEW process ; great progress In medical
science ; even* woman her own physician; no
medicine or pills used: can be used at homo.
DR. POPPER. 31S Kearny st.
7 MRS. DR. WYETH. reliable specialist: 25-TT9.'
practice; home In confinement: treatment at
office. »5; any ailment; consultation free; con-
fidential. 542 Post St.. bet. Hyde and Larkln.
NG TOY KEE. Chinese doctor: cures consump-
'. tlon, cancer, catarrh, etc.; all diseases treat-
ed: send for testimonials ; advice free. Sani-
tarium. 704 Sacramento St.. corner Kearny.
' MRS. M. ALLEN. 1035 Market— Ladles' special-
ist: home In confinement; safe and reliable;
consultation free; hours 10 to 8.
- DR. and MRS. M. WEGENER— Private homa
r In confinement. 1312 Gold-?n Gate ave.
- DR. WISE— The only genuine ladles' specialist,
6 Offlce 1113 Market at.
- DR. V.'ONG HIM. herb doctor, treats all dl»-
y eases of the human body. 115 Mason at.
- " ' MINES AND MIXING.
_ LADY having valuable mining property in
d Mexico would like to dispose of an interest to
responsible parties: no promoters. Address
box 1693. Call office.
h — ¦ — — ¦ — — — ——————— — —————————— — ———————
' MISCELLANEOUS FOR SALE.
~ BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 135-137 Fremont »t.
1 BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters,
linoleum, new and i«econd-hand : we always
- have a large stock of saloon outfits on hand;
2 32 complete outfits on our floor, ready made;
wo can shit) everything in 24 hours. J.
NOONAN. 1017. 1013. 1021. 1023 Mission St..
above Sixth: write for catalogue.
- FOR eale cheap— 1 large coal wagon, 1 delivery
wagon. 1 cart, 1 double set harness, 1 single
t- 'set scale, truck and sign board; stable and
~ barn, yard and office to let. Apply 2101 Cen-
tral ave. , Alameda.
a A— 2'A-lb. BLACK and tan dogr, 10 months old;
also Newfoundland pups and a fine lot of ped-
igree Belgian hares, heavyweight. 148 Teha-
,. ma st., oft Third.
a 1000 FEET of boards. 800 feet of molding. 50
_ polr of blinds (inside and out), large amount
i. 2x3. 2x4. 6x6 lumber and 12 doors. Box 1328
h Call office.
A BEAUTIFUL snakeshape ring set with three
». rice diamonds for $25; original cost $60
" n tTNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant ave.
10 FOR SALE— Half interest In best headache
_ powder en the market : well advertised ; a for-
j ; tune in it. Address II. H. P., box 1700, Call.
_ A— 100 H. P. engine, boiler, two drill air com -
;. prcssor. JARDINES. 220 Fremont st.
_ A— $3 £0 DERBY and Fedora hats. U 75. Pop-
n ular Price Hatters. CSO Kearny >t.. near Pine.
* HORSESHOEING sho:\ with tools, shoes, etc..
If $75. Box 1318. Call efflcc.
S FIRST-CLASS screw-cuttlns lathe. Sx24; small
a . wood lathe: 1 small bent saw. 533 Mission st.
'•' 2D-HAND photographic and magic lantern out-
•_ flls bought, sold, exchanged. 109 Montgomery.
w A 10-TON Fairbanks scala and fire and burglar
11 proof sate. 216 California at.
'° F1UST-CI*ASS second-hand modern engines and
- boilers bought and sold. KROOH Mfg. Co.
=r 2D-HAND gayollne and eteam engines, lathes.
ftc. ; general machine work. 137 Beale Bt.
la 2D-HAND engines, boilers, dynamos, motors.
and gasoline eng. H. S. White. S16 Mission.
M A FINE suit. $10; dre?s pants. $2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st.
iy i TYPEWRITER. No. 2 Smith Premier: late
_• rr.cdel; cheap. Typewriter Exchange. 409 Cal.
F 1 . EDISON concert phohocraph: reduced price.
$75: concert records. $1 50. Baclgalupi. 933 Mkt.
s; PORTABLE engines, boilers; Iron and wood
t. planers. lathes: 2d-hand. J. Burke. O Beale.
1G ¦ 2D-HAND fire-proof safe: 1 fire and burglar
g. j proof safe; cheap. 42 Main st.
_jtf___^b__V_lil^S_hBMBlMM_HIBH__fl_^Hfl__i^DMM_flH^^_HBrV *
MISCELLANEOUS — FOR SALE.
A — BITTS. sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys.
etc. WHITKLAW. 216 Spear st.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand: movir.ff
Pictures. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Post st.
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento St.
SAFES— New and second-hand: all sizes. THH
V%ALTZ SAFE. 109-Ul Market at.. San Fran.
MISCELLANEOUS WA1VT9.
ANY one having return ticket to Xew York,
and wishing to sell It cheap, address box
li'M. Call office; state price.
"WANTED— Small combination safe: insida
measurement about It by It. P. O. box 2tO'J.
LADIES* and gents' cast-oiT clothing bought &
gold. Slherman. 9S4 Folsom: tel. Folsom 1191.
KLEIN still pays best price for clothing, bric-
a-brac and books. 109 Sixth at. : tel Jessie 141.
S^.r^T l ? 1 ?*^ ar * what we PBy bls Prices for.
PORTLAXD LOAN OFFICE. Z^ Stockton St.
If L y » UWl^ h £ n vahle for vour cast-off clothln*
call on B. COHEN. 157 Third: tel. nhick \\r..
MONEY TO LOA>'.
ANY amount at « per cent: l^r^l^nTjd^norN
frames, undivided Interest, real estate In pro-
bate; nun-sages and legacies bought: no de-
lay; get my terms before doing business else-
where. R. McCOLGAX. 24 Montgomery, r. 3.
ANY proposition, any amount; S per cent; first.
second mortgages, estates In probate. Interest
In estates, legacies, corporation loans, chattel
mortgages, life insurance. Room 16. first floor
Chronicle bldg. HALLORAN & OLSEN.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store.. 84<> Market
St.: tel. Main 1644. Branch 13 Third, st.
ON furniture and pianos without removal ; quiet
service; money direct; lowest Interest. Rooms
83 and 63. Donohoe building. 1170 Market at,
OX feal estate. 1st and 2nd mortgages and on
furniture, or pianos; no removal; any amount;
lowest rate. BECKER & CO.. 2S Montgomery.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds.
. watches. Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL, 10 Sixths
highest price for old gold, sliver, diamonds.
LOANS -
SALARIES and FURNITUR3
O. II. HARSH BARCSn. 322 Ellis, room 3t
AT 1M Kearny St.. room 9. respectable private
place to borrow on watches, diamonds: lowest
rates; take elevator. Telephone Davis 993.
J^O.OOOatS per cent In sums to suit In city: also
$130 000 on large ranches: also on second mort-
gages. R. J. MERCER & SOX. 413 Ptna st.
AXY amount by private party on furniture an4
pianos: no removal: low rates; confidential,
BONELLI. 301 Jones St.. corner Eddy.
$2Z 000 TO loan; 1st or 2d mortgages; «%: es-
tates, chattels. HARPER. 313 Hearst bldg,
MONEY loaned salaried people without security,
HILL. r. 44. Merchants' Ex.. 431 California.
ON furniture, and pianos; no removal; confi-
dential; on diamonds, etc. 33 Taylor st.
H. MURPHY. 620 Market st.. solves allkindsoC
financial problems; 2d mortgages, estates, etc.
TO salaried people, without security: all busi-
ness confidential. Tousley Co.. 321 Parrot big.,
ON furniture, ptanos: S per cent per month: no
commission. Mrs. 'Wilson, rm. 101. « Eddy st.
CASH loaned to salaried people on not© without
Indorser. MORRELL. 6U3 Examiner building.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal : no com-
mission: private. LICK, 116 McAllister st.
TO salaried men without collateral or indorser,
S. F. Discount Agency. HI Phelan building.
aiVSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
THE finest tuning and repairing of all kinds
of musical Instruments la dona by our staff
of experts. We guarantee all of our work.
and charge reasonable prices. MAUVAIS
MUSIC CO.. 763 Market st.
ANOTHER carload of those beautiful Pack-
ard pianos Just received. They are the finest
we ever had. and are worth looking* at. We
Invite you to call. MAUVAIS. 769 Market st.
IF it's a bargain you am looking for. you can-
not afford to buy until our stork and prices
have been examined. MAUVAIS MUSIC CO..
769 Market gt. "-
ALL purchasers of pianos at SHER11AS. CLAT
& CO.'S have the privilege of exchanging for
a STEINWAY any time within three years
and full purchase price allowed; the best
makers of every gride to select from: beauti-
ful new uprights 16 cash. $5 per month; soma
good pianos for J3. *4 and $5 per month.
SHERMAN. CLAT &¦ CO.. STEISWAT
DEALERS, corner Kearny and Sutter sts..
San Francisco; corr.er Broadway and Thlr-
teenth sts.. Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY/ '"the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago is KOIILER & CHASE" S.
2« 23 and 3i O'FarreU st. ; pianos, orsans and
all other musical Instruments of all grad^j
and prices: terms easy: prices lowest: every-
thing possible dona to please and satisfy tha
customer. _^_________^__ _
A FEW high-grade pianos sacrificed this week;
call «ee them; a nice uptight piano. $123; a
b-autlful upright. JlfiO; a nice Ste'nway.
Chase Bros and several other bargains at
J. DEWING CO.. Flood bldg.. cor. Market
and Fourth ats. |
9 GOOD square pianos from $3) to $20fll
3 fln"» grand pianos from $175 to $4^0.
S second-hand uprights from $73 to $223.
1 Stelnway 1 Pteck. 1 Weber, 1 Curtaz.
BENJ. CURTAZ & SON. 16 O'Farrell St.
REMOVAL- of Keeffe's piano store from Van
Ne«s to 933 Market, bet. 5th and 6th. next
Hale Bros.. & will continue reduction sale for
2 weeks; open ev'ngs; call and get low prices.
VIOLIN strings; never wet; best in the world:
making anrl repairing of all kinds of musical
Instruments. Carl C. Anderson. 417 Geary st.
IF you are looking for cheap upright pianos.
stool and cover, call 3S43 Eighteenth st.
WANTED— 9 (rood square pianos, suitable for
schools. BTRON MAUZY. 30S Post St. .
AT any price; no reasonable offer refused; r»-
moval sale. 136 EI113 st.
SLAUGHTER sale of upright pianos for stor-
age. $oO up. WILSON'S Storage. 1710 Market.
BE In the swim: rent a new piano for $3 per
month. SCOTT-CURTAZ CO.. £60 Hayes st
THE WILEY B. ALLEN CO.. 314 Post »t. :
Hardman. Conover and other pianos.
SOHMER & CO.. Byron Manzy, Gabler. Hamil-
ton pianos. 303 Post St.. opp. Union Square.
BARGAIN— Good piano cheap; Installment $3
per month. SCHMITZ. IS McAllister gt.
W. G. BADGER. 412 Sacramento St., agent for
Francis Bacon and Hallett & Davis pianos.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old ami new H.
MULLER, maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
REDUCTION sale: new pianos. $3 payments;
for rent. $2 up. BRUENN. SOS P*st st.
! OFFICES AND STORES TO Vf?T._ _
, EMMA SPRECKELS building. 92~. Market-.
Offices. Uxht and sunny. $15 to JTO per month;
light, heat, janitor and use of tel. included.
SUNNY office, 3 rooms on Market, connect irg.
$30; 2 on Eddy, 120. Emery & Smith. 3 EdJy<
TO rent— Modern store: well lighted; JSxltt;
| rent reasonable. 328 Hayes st.
; rALMISTRY.
' M PaTm£t^^^
• . pgnso5A1< 5 <
TT-TTTvrT^-vlljulIan MacRae. Initiate, has
" hU cfass^ for spirit unfoldment an*
• Adeptship on Tuesday a nd Thursday evenings.
: tVcltei- free lecture Friday eve.. So clock;
- consuuat'ion Jally^tgii 519 Golden Oate >v^
TO whom it may concern— We. the undersigned.
1 MRS ADA CI.AKK has resumed her Tuesday
' evening class at Pevlsadero Hall.
J THE HUDSON RIVER CO.. HOpKE BROflL
xrattresses and pillows made to order, re-
coi"red and renovated: honest work guaran-
» te^d- Prices defy competition; fine upholstery:
- rhen'e Ss»: factory. 31S and 320 Eleventh St.;
flm"cla1s cleaning and dyeing. 409 Sutter St..
- San Franlsco.
- afflicted with Rheumatism (no mat-
ter of how leng standing), or anyother chronics
di«ease should call at once at the SAN3
SOUCI l-»0'i Van Ness ave.— the up-to-date ln-
stltutio'n for treatment. We have 25 years*
experience. Charges reasonable.
1 LEDERER. the popular hairdresser. «lvw you
' ' the latest and nobbiest styles for only 53c;
I switches $1 up. G. LEDERER, 123 Stockton.
• MME. ADA. 34 Kearny. 47 Post, office 10-11; 1C
r »!ck suffering from any cause, see this won-
derfully gifted healer; she will cure you.
j INSTITUTE of Science: suggestive therapeu-
tics: magnetic healing: personal magnetism-
-. hypnotism. Prof. Fisher. Instructor. 517 Masn.
' FILES— 300 permanent cures In San Francisco
who can be seen: no operation: no pain- pa--
. tlculars sent. Ad. Physician, bos 1550, Call.*
'. SUITS to ord-r on Installments: $13 uoward-
: |i a week. LEON LEMO3. 1117 Market it
between Seventh and Eighth. iuarxe « «•.
j LEDERER"S Quintonlca hair tonic Is th« «nt^
. remedy fcr falling h a j r ; ZZ C bottle. *
. FREE. "Valuahie Remedy" for rheumafit^,^
: tree. "Retired Nurse." UgljgrJ^^M^jt
r HAIR quickly curled or waved by ustn- t.i"
i cotfs curlinc fluid; Kc ar^5*| n^ Tal -KINGS RIVER AT RED MOUNT.
SAN JOAQUIN RIVER AT HERNDON.^
Shipping Intelligence.
Friday. August 21.
Stmr Umatilla. Cousins. Victoria.
Stmr Cordelia Heald. Hobbs. St Michael.
Stmr Barracouta. Robinson. La Libertad. via
Acapulco.
Stmr Brunswick. Andresen, San Pedro.
•Stmr Greenwood, Fagerlund.- .
Stmr North Fork. McLellan. Eureka.
Stmr Whitesboro. Olsen. Greenwood.
Stmr XV H Krusrer. Kroc. San Pedro.
Stmr Washtenaw. Zolllnr. Tacoma.
Stmr Point Arena, Hansen, MnMocino.
SAILED.
Schr Carrier Dove. Groth. Seattle; master.
CLEARED.
Friday. August 24.
Etmr Corona, Glelow. San Diego; Goodall,
Perkins & Co.
Stmr Umatilla. Cousins. Victoria; Goodall.
Perkins & Co. „
Stmr Barracouta, Robinson, La Llbertad, via
Acapulco; P M S S Co.
Stmr Cordelia Heald. Hobbs. St Michael; J L
Heald. ;
Br stmr Bristol. Mclntyre, Chemalnus; R
Dunsmulr Sons Co.
Ship Santa Clara, LJndberg. K_ rluk; Alaska
Packers' Assn.
Bark Himalaya, Williams. Melbourne; J j
Moore _ Co.
Bark R P RIthet, McPhall, Honolulu; Welch
_ Co. -
Schr Volante, Leonard, San Diego; R H Rob
bins.
Friday, August 24.
Stmr Navarro, Jensen. 11 hours from Bowens
Landing.
Stmr W H Kruger. Krog, 90 hours from TI1
lamook, via Eureka 26 hours; bound to San
Pedro; put In to land passengers.
Stmr Mineola, David, 85 hours from Nanalmo.
Stmr Mariposa, Houdlette, 23 days 3-^ hours
from Sydney: via Honolulu 6 days 4Vi hoars.
Stmr Pomona. . Ehea. 19V4 hours from Eureka,
Schr Mabel Gray, Larsen, 12 days from San
Diego.
Schr Corinthian, Korth, 20 hours from Bowens
Landing.
Schr Anna. Huhs. 24 days from Unga.
ARRIVED.
FRIDAY, Augr. 21-4 p. m.
Bid. Ask. I ; Bid. Ask.
Alpha P6 07 Justice 02 • 03
Alta i...... 02 04 Kcntuck — 02
Andes 07 08 Lady Wash — (13
Belcher U: 14 Mexican ......... 26 23
Best & Belcher. . 17 lS;Occidental ..... 10 11
Bullion 03 OS Ophir 54 ES
Caledonia:. '50 62,Overman 07 OS
Chollar .;...."... 16 17 1 Potosi 22 23
Challenge Con.. 22 " M! Savage ..... 10 ll
Confidence 75 80 Scorpion 02 —
Con Cal *t Va..l 30 1 35 Seg s Belcher.... 02 04
Con Imperial... 01 -.¦ 02 Sierra Nevada. 36 3S
Con New York. — -03' Silver Hill - 33 39
Eureka Con.... —. 45 St Louis........ — 13
Crown Point?"*- 13 14 Standard — 4 25
Exchequer : — — ¦ - . 01 « Syndicate .....V — d
Gould &¦ Curry. 15 16 Union Con...... 20 '22
Hale &. Norcrs. 17 IS Utah <w> 07
Julia — 01 'Yellow Jacket.. 25 27
CLOSING QUOTATION'S.
25 Paauhau S P Co 30 00
40 S F Gas & Electric Co 53 no
5 Spring Valley Water, s 5 95 25
3 Spring Valley Water 95 25
$5000 Spring Valley 6s 115 50
$2000 B,P*Ot.C 6s (1912) 120 25
Afternoon Session.
Board—
40 Alaska Packers' Assn US 75
10 Contra Costa Water .69 37-i
5 Giant Powder Con S3 50
$3000 Northern Ry ofCal 5s 118 25
$4000 S F & S J V bonds.. 113 75
56 Spring Valley Water 95 00
Street—
10 Honokaa S Co 29 50
$2000 Sac Elec Gas & Ry Ss 99 75
: ' PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
Board—
20 Blue Goose 15 00
1000 Caribou 12
750 Home OH 4 50
35 Kern River 14 00
100 San Joaquln Oil & Dev. 4 25
200 Twenty-Eight 130
Street—
100 San Joaauin Oil & Dev 4 25
Afternoon Session.
Board— >
EOHome Oil 4 50
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales In the San Francisco
Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
300 Belcher 13 300 Con Cal _ Va..l 35
300 Best & Belcher. 18 200 Ophir S3
200 Best & Belcher. 17 200 Ophir 55
300 Challenge 23 400 Silver Hill...... 41
300 Chollar IT SOO Yellow Jacket.. 26
Afternoon Session.
200 Caledonia BOj 200 Potosl 22
100 Crown Point.... 14 S 600'Seg Belcher.... 03
300 Ophir 53!
Following were the sales In the Pacific Stock
Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
200 Best & Belcher. 17 1 150 Ophir 64
150 Con Cal & Va.. 133 1 1000 Overman OS
100 Con Cal & V.I 32'4ll50O Yellow Jacket.. 27
Afternoon Session.
200 Con Cal & 'Va.'.l 35 200 Ophir 55
400 Crown- Point.... 14 200 Ophir J4
200 Gould & Curry. 16 300 Potosl 22
150 Hale & Norcrs. 20 200 Yellow Jacket.. 26
8«0 Mexican . v 27
COMMERCIAL NEWS
Continued from Page Ten.
SACRAMENTO RIVER AT JELLTS FERRY.
Following Is a statement of the estimated
flow of certain California rivers In cubic feet
per second, or second feet, one second foot
equaling &0 California miner's inches, or about
40 Colorado miner's Inches. The figures are
from J. B. LIppincott, hydrographer of tha
United States Ceolorical Survey:
William and Mary A. Mackintosh to London
and San Francisco Bank (Ltd.). lot on S line
of Union street, S7:8 E of Fillmore, E 22:6 by'
S 100; also let on S line of Green street, 137:6
W of Sansome, W 63 by S 137:6; $10.
William P. Sullivan Jr. and Catherine F.
Sullivan to Joseph Friedlander. lot on E line
of Stanyan street, B0 N of Frederick, N 25 by
E 106:3; $10.
San Francisco Savings Union to Pierre Con
drey, lot on S line of Seventeenth street, 163 W
of Guerrero, W 45 by S 243; $10.
Charles A. and Francis Blanchard to Emma
E. Blanchard, lot on N line of Twentieth street,
23 W of Noe, W 23 by N 9S; $10.
Pietro and Domenica Leonardlnl to Antonio
Roncini. lot on W line of Stockton street, 2S S
of Chestnut. S 27 by W 74; $10.
Estate of Julia M. Mlhan or Arnold (by
Patrick Healy, executor) to Isaac F. Kydd, lot
on N line of Delgardo place, 62:6 E of Hyde,
E 25 by N 50; J150.
Kate Roach to Theresa M. Deane, lot on SW
line of Ritrh street, 160:5 NW of Townsend, NW
22:11 by SW SO; $10.
Cora W. and James H. Morton to Patrick J.
Murray, lot on E line of Thirty-fifth avenue,
275 S of Clement street. S 25 by E 107:6; $10.
Thomas J. and Abbie A. Evans to Thomas
Phillips, lot 21, Gift Map 1; $10.
Margaret A. Murphy to Mary Thomsen, lot
on S line of Garfleld (Sherman) street, 100 E
of Bixby, E 25 by S 100. block 13, City Land
Association; $100.
L. T. Finn to M. Pittleck, lot on W line of
Tremont avenue, 635 S of Frederick street, S
25 by W 7»; $10.
Charles W. and Charlotte M. Taber to John
A. Roy, undivided one-half Interest in lot on
NW corner of Thirteenth and West Mission
streets, W 75:6, N 86, SE 73. S 73; $10.
Louisa C. Brush (by Charles E. Cornell, com
missioner) to Luciba E. A card, lot on S line
of Twenty-sixth street. 80 W of Sanchez, W SO
by 8 Hi; J1412.
Henry E. and Jennie W. Bothln to John Wig
more, lot on SE line of lot 697, corner Beach
and Water streets, distant 60 NE of Spear:
also 1S3:4 NW of Howard street, NW 45:10 by
NE 77:6; $700.
Thomas J. Henry to John T. and Jane T.
Cairns, lot on 1 E line of Mississippi street, 150
S of Nineteenth (Butte). S 25 by E 100; $10.
• Henry Wiejlet to Mary A. Wleglet. lot on
S line of Nineteenth avenue, 130 E of J street,
E 100 by S 100. block 3S9, South San Francisco
Homestead; gift.
W. H. McCormtck to W. E. Highbee, lot on
E line of William street, 100 S of Barry, E 93:3,
SW 25:3. S 2S2:7. N 2S5:2. lot 8, block 43; $10.
Samuel Plato to Annie Roth, lot on W line of
Harvard street, 100 N o£ Dwight, W 120 by X
1C0; gift.
Germania Building and Loan Association to
Margaret Moran. lot on N line of Lobos street,
175 W of Plymouth, W 25 by N 125, lot 8, block
P, Railroad Homestead Association; $10.
Alameda County.
Armand Boyenval' to Maurice and Sarah J.
Gal<\ lot beginning at a point 75 E from SE
corner of Ji'fferson and Sixth streets. E 25 by
S 100, being lot 9, block 45, Oakland; $1000.
E. A. and Elizabeth D. Heron to Karl H.
Nickel, lot on SE line of Piedmont avenue,
1032. S7 NE from the Intersection of Piedmont
avenue with center line of Moss avenue, anJ
distant EW 275.99 from the Intersection of S
line of Piedmont avenue with line dividing plats
14 and 19. Rancho V. and D. Peralta. thence SW
122.70, SE 801.87, NE 83.70, NW 815 to beginning,
being portion of plat 19, Rancho V. and D. Per
alta, Oakland; $10.
T. H. and Sarah C. Ferguson to J. C. and
Jessie Talbott, lot on NE line of East Four
teenth street, 154 SE of Twenty-third avenue,
SE 26 by NE 10*>. being portion Cannon Tract,
ESPt Oakland: $1200.
Charles M. Halsey to Theodore Anderson, lot
on S line of Encinal avenue, 92:6 E of High
street, E 23:<H4 by S S3:S, being the E 25:0H of
lots 41 and 42. Hirschf^ld Tract, Alameda; $10.
Kinil and Palagie Geiter to Aeostlno and
Maria Borromeo, lot on E line of Park street,
50 S of Clement, B 111:4*4, S 25, W 111:64. N
25 to beginning, lot C, block F, Alameda Sta
tion Homestead, Alameda; $10.
James L. and Kate A. McKay to C. W.
Bolles, lot on E line Of Filbert street, 115 N
of Eighteenth, N 50 by E 90, being the W 90
feet of lot 6, block 614, on subdivision of map of
Alfred Barstow Tract. Oakland; $10.
Charles W. and Emma H. Bollea to George
W. Reburn, same; $10.
Frederick and Elizabeth Pfelffer to Archie
and Lucy B. Alison, all Interest In lot on N
line of Merced avenue, 20 E from W boundary
line, lot 23, Brumaglm Tract, E 60, by N 165,
being the E 60 feet of lot 23, on map of portion
of Brumaglm Tract, Oakland; $10.
Fred-W. and Mary Vaughan to H. C. Mor
ris, lot on W line of Summit street, 110 N of
Orchard, N 50 by W 150. being lot 13, block B,
Armes Tract, Oakland; $10.
John E. Lackstrom to Matt Storm, the 3
half of lot 33. block B. on map of subdivision
of block B, and portion of block A Vernon
Park, containing half an acre, Oakland; $10.
James Y. Eccleston to Hannah Lackstrom,
lot beginning at a point in center line of Wals
worth avenue, 69:6 SW from NE boundary line
of lot 1. map of 100-acre tract. NW 204, SW 30.
SE 203. NE 30 to beginning:, being a portion of
lot A on map of 100-acre tract. Oakland; $10.
J. S and Henrietta M. Morrison to Charles
H. Blohm, lot on E line of Arch street, 90:1
S Of Vine. S 50 by E 135. block 2," an map of
Berkeley Villa Homestead Association, Berke
ley t $10.
Thomas and Modena I. Scott to Peter Cruse,
lot on S line of Front (or First) street, at NW
corner of lands of James Callaghan, thence
SE to N line of the right of way of the Cen
tral Pacific Railroad, thence at an acute ancle
W to lands of I>arri»n. thence NW to S line of
Front street, thence NK 60:6 to beginning.
Town of Livermore. Murray Township: $450.
Jens P. and Ane M. Slmonsen to John A.
Johnson, lot beginning at the common corner
of lots 2 3. 29 and 30. thence NW to SE line
of Walsworth street. NE to a point 26 BW from
line dividing lots 1 and 2, block A. thence
SE 26:6. NE from point of beginning, thence
SW to beginning, being a portion of lot J,
block A, Map of Lands Oakland View Home
stead Association, Oakland: $10. .
Eva Anderson to Michael Sexton, lot 13, block
29 Tract B, Berkeley Land and Town Improve
ment Association/Berkeley: $10.
W. H. and Emily Butson to Pacific Coast
Lumber and Mill Company ¦ (a corporation). ¦ lot
on S line of Highland avenue, 120.14 E ¦ of
Amelia street, E 124.72, S yCOO. W 132.40, N - to
beginning, being lots 203 fta 210. Map of the
Rose Tract, Brooklyn Township; $10.
Alice C. and V. M. Donaldson to PhillD and
Helene Kern and Reno Barisch, lots 39 to 50.
on map of resubdlvislon lots 39 to 60, Mackln
non & Gohrman Tract, Brooklyn Township; $10.
Rosa For.callna to Louis Foscalina, lots 1 and
2, of NE corner block 27, Mendenhall Plan
Town of Livermore; also lot 12. of the SE cor
ner block 27. came. Murray Township: $5. • -
Abble and Gerd II. Meyer to James A. Black
all interest in lot on W line of Chapel street'
130 N of Bancroft way, N 60 by W 137:9. block
8» - vllla' lots. : adjacent to university on the S
Berkeley; $200. - - • • . ;
Charles A. -and Alice C.' Bailey to Charles E. :
Anderson, lot on E line of Ninth street, 200 S
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
HOTEL ABBIVAJLS.
GRAND HOTEL
J C Duffy, Sacto
S B Shaw & w, Rossld
Mrs J Gerber, Sacto
Mrs Adams, Sacto
Miss Adams, Sacto
J M Charey, Salinas
J Raymond, Cal
J D Bishop & w. Oak
J E Baxter, Los Ang
S N Butters, Yreka
T Newman, Louisville
H Booksin Jr. Sn Jose
F Lippman, Berkeley
C L Ortman. Stockton
Mrs J M Berry, Ore
Mrs G I Brown, Cal
C B McKennan. Ore
Miss Brown. Red Bluff
Mrs G A Marsh. R Biff
Mrs Baumelster, Wash
Miss Baumelster, Wash
Mrs R H Creculins.NY
Miss H Crecutlns. N Y
J E Thompson. Wash
C D Fraser & w. Ore
Mrs C C Gibbons, L An
E R Gibbons. Ls Ang
MIcb G Felt. Portland
F Werner Jr, Sutter Ck
H O Putnam. Mas«
Mrs M Worth, Lm Ang
Mrs J T Beach, Nome
E P Bradbury, S Barb
B F Robinson, Bakfld
J P Walker & w. Cal
E A Rogers & w, L An
G F Deltzer, Biggs
B Cusslck. Chlco
G C Brown, Portland
R Furum, .Phoenix
J Selk-k. San Pedro
G F KermaKhen. Cal
P E Lamb. Stanford
N A Dalrymple, Cal'
E J Mayo, Pasadena
C B Humphrey. S Dies
W G Hanson, Pa*aden
L M Griffith. Pasadena
A Hansen. Anaheim
J B Lathrop, Los Ang
B J Qulnn. Arizona
C P Stone, Los Ang-
T O Stone, Los An£
T E Perkins, N Y
T Payne, Los Ang
C W Swartz & w. Pa
F C Heller, Dayton
F N Isaacs, Hanford
A Bateman fz w.Hanfd
E P Ortel, Cal
0 F Atwood, Stockton
Mrs W Carton. S Jose :
J E Baxter, Los Ang
R E Swain & w, Cal
J Raymond, Cal
Mrs H Meyer. Cal
H F Plank. San Jose
A L Redllck. Fresno
C C Wray, Alameda
A S Hann, Cal
C A Nichols, Marysvl
W J Shlnn, S Lorenzo
W E I>ent, San Jose
H S Smith, Cal
S Dannebaum Jr, Cal
W Schuelte, Milwaukee
W D Buhrlng, Tutson
A Vale, Hamburg
J C Shifter, Bakersfid
M McWhorter. Baksfld
T D Fetch. N Y
F D Chamberlain, 111
E Cohn, Los Ang
H L Emery. Laurel
J B Dax-ls & w. Mo
Miss C Davis, Mo
C A Graham, St. Louis
F Thompam. Honolulu
F Odium. VAuckiand
H N Sodden. Auckland
W R Edwards. London
G L Milne. England
Mrs C H Blemer. Sac
C H Parker. Berktley
M Wassner & w. L An
C Holmes. London
G O Avens, Colusa
C A Scott, San Diego
C F Slelting. Boston
G W Pask. London - .
W D Burnham. N Y
P B Norton, Sydney
C'Dunphy, Cal
W J Smith & w, Portld
Miss K Greshaw. Cal
Miss A Alexander, Cal
'Mrs M Dupenbraek &
1 son, Sacto
|W Wilkinson. St Anna
I Mrs J M Carpenter.Mo
PALACE HOTEL
A S King, Wash
Mrs S A Marsh. Wash
J W Adams, Carson
F L Bradman. U S M C
C A Fowler & w. N Y
C A Fowler Jr. N Y
F Searles, Nev
J Norton. Oakland
F G O'Kane. S Mateo
L Ahlfelder. N Y
N E Hyer. Portland
G W Hooven, N Y
A H Vinton. Mass
R C Vinton, Mass
F B Little & w. Ohio
Miss Bascom, Clevelnd
B Frothtngham. Boston
J P Gardiner, Boston
O Glass Jr, Portland
Mrs Glass, Portland
L von Rosenburgr, Paris
Mrs A L Humphrey,
Denver
J D Qulnn, N Y
8 Kaiser. N Y
G T Berry. Los Ang
C A Ament, Iowa
W M Garland & w.
Los Aneeles
Mrs L C Cllne. L Ang
M D Brown. Mo
B Story, Chicago
Venta Tatum. N T
P E Crego. N Y
Dr B Norton. N Y
R W Lomax. London
A S Donau & w, Ariz
Miss A Colambet. Cal
C Nott. London
C S Williams. U S N
O C Sweet, U S N
T M Brlggs. S Antonio
J M Swetnam & w,
Ariz
Miss Swetnam. Arli
C G H McBrlde, S Jose
B Hoffman, London
Major Bateman. Lond
J C Ryan, Chicago
F L Gray. Sacto
Mrs B V Stelnman, Sac
Mrs J F Kldder.Gras V
Ml«s Kldder. Grass V
L M Farls, Stanford
A Bettens, Byron
NEW WESTERN HOTEL
Mrs N Wrought. VIslia
Mrs I Sharon. Yoklma
T M Crawford. Stocktn
F Stephens, Vallejo
G A Hodce, Sonoma
C P Taylor. Yuma i
J Meyers. Eureka
W Jarrett, Honolulu
A Gussonl. Honolulu
C Fettlt, Honolulu
A Bishop,- Honolulu
E M Carr. Templeton
W Kesslck. S L Obispo
B J Turner. Iyjwer Lk
Miss M G Dwj-tr, N S
P J Dwyer, Halifax
O L Pease, Tucson
B Williams. Vallejo
NOTE — In the above exposition of tha tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of tha
day In the order of occurrence as to tlm«. The
second time column gives th« second tide, of
the day, the third time column the third tide
and the last or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day, except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights
civen are In addition to the soundings on tho
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus slim ( — ) precedes the height,
and then the number given is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference Is the mean of the lower low waters.
Sun rises 5:33
Sun sets :...;...., «•»<>
Moon sets 0:00 p. m.
SATURDAT. AUGUST 23.
# _ *
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey —
Times and Heights of Higrh and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front tMlssion-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the jam« at both places.
chants' Exchange. San Francisco, Cal..
August 24, 1900.
The lime ball on the tower of th# new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
1. e.. at noon of the 120th meridian, or at S
o'clock p. m.; Greenwich time.
C. O. CALKINS.
Lieutenant Comrrander, U. S. N., In charge.
Branch Hydrographlo Office. U. B. N.. Mer-
Time Ball.
John Hlnkel (owner) with Frederick Esty
(contractor and architect)— All work for a one
story.frame building on lot on S line of Allston
way. 150 E of Shattuck avenue, E 40 by S 135,
Berkeley; $1090.
Builders' Contracts.
of Bancroft way, S 50 by E 130. being lot 21.
block 122, corrected map of Raymond Tract,
Berkeley; $5.
B. Benedict to John N. Thorson. lot on N
line of Jackson street, 119 W of Mound, W 1
by N 120, Alameda; $10.
E. B. Pond and H. C. Campbell, trustees,
and Joseph A. Leonard Company (corporation)
to San Francisco ..Savings Union. 594 D. 44. lot
on SE corner of Oak street and San Jose ave
nue, E 40 by S.1C0, being portions of lots 1 antf
2, block Q, lands adjacent to Encinal, Alameda
(trustees' deed); KCO.
Antonio J. and Ines R. Medelros to Maria R.
and Louisa G. Medelros lot on S line of At
lantic street. 124:3 .W of- Campbell street, S
100:7U by W 25, being lot 16, block 466, revised
map of Gibbons property at Oakland Point,
Oakland; grant • • ¦
Charles A. Cain to A. W. Naylor. lot 18,
block C, Leonard Tract. Berkeley: $10.
Mary Csisley (formerly Cummlngs) to Mrs.
P. H. Ranlett. lots 75 and 76, Searles Tract,
Brooklyn Township; $10. s
Stewart Law and Collection Company to
same, same (quitclaim deed):-*— — .
F. W. Henshaw (executor of the estate of
Mary Jane Evoy) to Peter J. Crosby, lot on NE
corner of B and Grand streets, N 150 by E 50,
being lot 12, block 102. Meek Tract; map 1,
Hay wards, Eden Township; $350.
L. H. and Ella L. Delavergne to Marie C.
Potter, lot on E line of Grove street. 75 S of
Marlposa, S 35 by E 120, being the S 25 feet of
lot 2 and N 10 feet of lot 3, block 4, McKee
Tract, Oakland; $10.
Henry and Emllle Schellhaas to Amalle
Meyer, lot on N line of Thirty-fourth or Brown
street. 107 W of Linden. W 23. N 87:2. E 23:10.
8 72:10 to beginning, being lot 13, block 6S3.
Glascock Tract, Oakland; $10.
Georgia E. and Charles H. Sawyer to Phebe
A. Hearst, lot on W line of College avenue.
150 S of Sylvan way, W 216. S 4» E 213. N 30
to beginning;, being a portion of Hlllegass Tract,
Berkeley; $10.
"Alice Hillegass to same, lot on W line of
College avenue. 2C0 S of Sylvan way, S 105.04.
W 196.80, N\V 93, E to beginning. Berkeley: $10.
Minnie Fereva to William Barkhaus. undi
vided one-fifth Interest In lot on N line of
Central avenue. 470 E of Walnut street, E 40
by N 207:10, Alameda; $300.
William Barkhaus to Katie E. Barkhaus, un
divided two-fifths Interest In same: also all
interest In lot on N line of Central avenue, 550
E of Walnut street, _ 100 by N 207:10, Alameda;
gift.
E. B. Pond and H. a Campbell (trustees E.
S. Griffins) tb San Francisco Savings Union,
60S D. 77. lot on S line of Clement or Atlantic
avenue, 150 W of Mulberry street, W 30 by S
310, being a portion of block 16, lands adjacent
to Encinal. Alameda (trustees' deed); $1400.
CHERBUORG— Sailed Auar 34-Ctmr Coltnn
bla, from Hamburg, for New York.
GLASGOW— Sailed Aug 2*— Stmr State o*
Nebraska, for New York.
SOUTHAMPTON— Sailed Angr U- Stmr Co
lumbia, from Hamburg;, for New York, via
Cherbourg 1 .
MOVILLE— Sailed Aug 21— Stmr Tunisian,
from Liverpool, for Montreal.
NEW YORK— Arrived Aug 24— Stmr Nor**,
from Stettin and Copenhagen.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
VICTORIA— Arrived Au« M— Sdsr Expaaalan,
from Santa Rosalia.
SYDNEY— Sailed July IS— Br ship tpeJte, for
San Francisco. July 23— Br »ht> Clan »»»•
pherson. for Honolulu. July Id— Br bark Adder
ley, for Honolulu, via Newcastle. Ana,
HONOLULU— Arrived Ans 10-Br ship T>ch>
mont. from Newcastle. Ass. Aug 11— Schr
Que«n of the Isles, hence July 26; schr Aloha,
hence July 31. Aug It— Bark Andrew Welch,
hence July 31: bktn Amelia, from Port Blake
ley; ship J B Brown, from Newcastle. Aiu.
Aug li— Stmr Alameda. from Sydney. Aus 1«—
Stmr Mariposa, from Sydney.
Sailed Au* 10— Bktn Planter, for Pugret Sound.
Auk 11— Schr Queen of the Isles, for Jakutt.
Ausr 12— Bark Alden Besse. for San Francisco:
wchr Meteor, for Port Townsend. Au* 13 — Ship
Ivy. for Port Townsend. Aug 15— Stmr Ala
meda, for Sydney. »
HILO— Arrived Aus 7— Schr Metha Nelson,
from Tacorna.
Sailed Aut 7— Scfcr R R Hind, for San Fran
cisco. Aus 9— Bark Santiago, for San Fran-
Claco.
MAHUKOXA-Arrtved An* 4-Bitn On O
Perkins, from Honolulu. Auj II— Schr Colum
bia, from Nawcaatla.
Sailed Aug: S— Bktn Geo C Perkins, far San
Francisco.
El'RBKA— Arrived Anr :<— Schr Helen N
Kimball. hence Aur IS.
bailed Aur 14— Stmr Paaadena. for San P«dr».
NOME— Arrived AU{ 13— Stmr South Port
land, from Seattle.
COOS BAY-Salled An» 2*-Stmr Del Jfort%
for Portland.
Arrived Aus JJ-Stcsr Empire, hence Anr tL
Arrived Aus 24— Schr Chas E T*Xk. b«nea
Aug 9.
ASTORIA— Arrived Aug 21— Br salp Pvnt!>*
¦ilea. from Port Los Anxeles.
SAN DIEGO— Arrived Au? 21- Scir B«rto«
Dolbeer, from Eureka.
KAHULC1- In port Aas 10— Bark Antlo?«»
from Xinalmo. •
In port Augr 10— Ship Bajiralore. from Hono
lulu; bktn Mary Winkelman. from Tacam*:
schr King- Cyrus and schr S T Altxandtr, ana
July 11: ahlp Yonemlte. *
PORT GAMBLE— Arrived AUK t*~ Bark ClX
ohdelet. from Tacoma.
FOREIGN PORTS.
NEWCASTLE. Au*-Arrlvsi July 29-SMp
Kennebec. from Melbourne
Balled July 19— Fr bark Cha» Ootmod. tor But
Francisco^
In port July SO— Br barks AJlar* and L*dy
Palmerson, for Panama; Br bark Falkland, for
San Pl*ro: Tr bark Brenn and IV «aip V«a>
dee, for San Francisco.
MELBOURNE— Palled July 81— Bark rntst,
DOMESTIC PORTS.
FORT BRAGG— Sailed Aue 21— Stmr Sequoia,
for San Francisco.
Arrived Ang 24— Stmr JCoyo. hence Aut 23.
SEATTLE:— Arrived An; 2J— Stmra Tacoma
and Santa Ana. from Nome; atrnr Dlrtgo, from
Skaffuay.
Sailed An? 23— Stmr Queen, for Sltka.
PORT TOWNSEN'D— Passed In Au« 24-Bkta
Skagit. from Honolulu, for Port Gamble.
Arrived Aug 2*— Schr Joseph. Ruas. from Sa
llnas Cruz.
Aug 4. lat 9 N. Ion 27 W— Br »hlp Luclpara.
from Antwerp, for Port Los Angeles.
SPOKEN'
Stmr Gipsy, Leland. Santa Cruz. •
Bark R P RIthet. McPhall. Honolulu.
Schr Czar, Hutman. Mazatlan.
Schr Bella. Smith. Sluslaw River.
Schr Del Norte, Jacobsen. Rogue River.
Schr Reliance. Larsen. Bowens Landing.
Schr Amethyst. Zimmerman, Waldport. Oo.
Schr Norrna, McDoRnell. Queenstown.
Schr Carrier Dove. Groth. Seattle.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. Au? 24. 10 p m— Weather
toggy; wind west, velocity 12 miles.
TriE SAN FRAXCISCO OALL, SATURDAY, AUGUST 25, 1900.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
Steamer Movements.
TO SAIL.
Flow of Rivers.
STANISLAUS RIVER AT OAKDALE.
TUOLUMXE RIVER AT LA GRANGE.
13
TO' ARRIVE.
n |rt"lme Time Time Tlm«
P - L. W H W L. TV H W
n Ft. Ft. Ft- Ft.
2^7 iiu 0.4 12:08 bTs 8:35 1.8 11:47 6.2
26 ... 5:47 0.8 12:38 5.3 6:14 1.7
H W L, W II W L W
27 ... 0:30 4.8 S:1S 1.2 1:05 B.2 «:54 l.S
28... 1:14 4.5-6:45 1.6 1:31 5.1 7:31 1.4
23 ... 2:00 4.3 7:14 1.9 1:5S 5.1 8:15 1.8
SO i'i. 2:K 4.0 7:43 2.3 2:26 5.1 »:0« 1.3
31 ... 3:57 3.8 8:25 2.6 2:53| 8.0 10:06 1.1
Steamer. I Destination. Sails. J Pier.
Corona iSan Diego Aug. 25. 11 am Pier 11
Coqullle R. (Grays Harbor Aug. 25
Illval Wlllapa Har. Aug. 25. 6 pm Pter 2S
Columbia .. Portland Aug. 26. 11 am Pier 24
Pomona ... Humboldt Auk. 26. J pm Pier 9
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena.. Aug. 27, 3 pm Pier 2
Bonita Newport Aug. 27, 9 am Pier 11
Peru New York lAug. 2». 12 m|PMS3
Eureka iHumboMt [Aug. 2S. 10 am] Pier 11
Honuk'K MIChlna&Japan Aug. 29. 1 pm!PMS3
Santa Rosa 1 San Diego I Aug. 29. 11 amtPler 11
City PueblalVlctoria rlAug. 23, 11 amIPler 9
Arcata ....ICoos Bay |Auir.3O. 12m|Plerl3
Statp Cal...J Portland (Aug. 31. 11 amlPler 24
Newburx ..(Grays Harbor I Aug. 31 1
Coos Bay.. I Newport [Aug. 31. 9 am! Pier 11
Steamer.
I
From.
Dut.
Coqullle River. San Pedro Aiflr. IS
Bonlta. Newport Aug. 25
City. or Puebla. Victoria Au*. 3
Thyra China and Japan Aug. 25
Curacao Mexico Aug.)?
Santa Rosa San Diego Aug. 71
Empire Coos Bay... Aug. 27
Mackinaw Seattle m Auff. 27
Eureka Humboldt Aug. 2?
San Mateo Nanalmo Aug. 27
Warfleld Oyster Harbor Aug. 27
Matteawan .... Tacoma Aug. IS
Xewburg Grays Harbor Aug. 23
China China and Japan Aug. 23
Stato of Cal.... Portland Aug. 23
Arcata Coos Bay Aug. 13
Pomona Seattle „ Ausf. 23
Coos Bay Newport..... Aug. 23
Point Arena ... Point Arena Aug. 30
Walla Walla.... Victoria Aug. 30
North Fork .... Humboldt Aug. 30
Crescent City .. Crescent City Aug. 30
Acapulco Xew York Aug. 31
Del Norte Portland ~ Aug. 31
Corona San Dieg-o Aug. 31
1593. 1900.
DATE.
1 ' .1 "4
August 12 .'. 39SO W05
August 13 8990 S3C5
August 14 3380 S80S
August 15 J9S0 J805
August 16 S98O I S805
August 17 39S0 S8C5
August 13 3980 1 J805
Second Feet.
DATE.
1S99. 1900.
August 12 175 TO
August 13..' 175 70
August 14 130 70
August 15 175 70
August 16 130 70
August 17 130 50
August 18 130 70
I Second Feet. I
DATE.
1 — Mn'BCo.l Total
I 1899. 1900. Canal. »I900.
August 12
August 13
August 14
AUKUst 15
August 16
August 17
August 18 1
274 15 12 27
. 59t 7 12 19
134 15 • 12 27
S9 85 13 97
109 ?5 12 $7
S3 65 13 77
89 65 12 77
Second Feet.
DATE. !
1339. 1300.
DATE.
I
August 12 640 I 239
August 13 649 ; 220
August 14 540 22)
August 15 445 220
August 16 350 K0
August 17 350 220
August 18 230 220
I Second Feet.
DATE.
1S99. 19CO.
August 12
August 13
August 14
A ugust 15
August 16
August IT
August IS
440 400
440 36)
400 3fi»
«ftO 360
4CO 3«>
400 72S
3S0 360
I Second Feet.
DATE.
1S99. 19CO.
August 12
August 13
August 14
A ugust 15
August 16
August IT
August IS
440 400
440 36)
400 3fi»
«ftO 360
4CO 3«>
400 72S
3S0 360
Second Feet.
DATE. !
1339. 1300.
DATE.
I
August 12 640 I 239
August 13 649 ; 220
August 14 540 22)
August 15 445 220
August 16 350 K0
August 17 350 220
August 18 230 220
Second Feet.
DATE.
1S99. 1900.
August 12 175 TO
August 13..' 175 70
August 14 130 70
August 15 175 70
August 16 130 70
August 17 130 50
August 18 130 70
1593. 1900.
DATE.
1 ' .1 "4
August 12 .'. 39SO W05
August 13 8990 S3C5
August 14 3380 S80S
August 15 J9S0 J805
August 16 S98O I S805
August 17 39S0 S8C5
August 13 3980 1 J805
I Second Feet. I
DATE.
1 — Mn'BCo.l Total
I 1899. 1900. Canal. »I900.
August 12
August 13
August 14
AUKUst 15
August 16
August 17
August 18 1
274 15 12 27
. 59t 7 12 19
134 15 • 12 27
S9 85 13 97
109 ?5 12 $7
S3 65 13 77
89 65 12 77
Steamer. I Destination. Sails. J Pier.
Corona iSan Diego Aug. 25. 11 am Pier 11
Coqullle R. (Grays Harbor Aug. 25
Illval Wlllapa Har. Aug. 25. 6 pm Pter 2S
Columbia .. Portland Aug. 26. 11 am Pier 24
Pomona ... Humboldt Auk. 26. J pm Pier 9
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena.. Aug. 27, 3 pm Pier 2
Bonita Newport Aug. 27, 9 am Pier 11
Peru New York lAug. 2». 12 m|PMS3
Eureka iHumboMt [Aug. 2S. 10 am] Pier 11
Honuk'K MIChlna&Japan Aug. 29. 1 pm!PMS3
Santa Rosa 1 San Diego I Aug. 29. 11 amtPler 11
City PueblalVlctoria rlAug. 23, 11 amIPler 9
Arcata ....ICoos Bay |Auir.3O. 12m|Plerl3
Statp Cal...J Portland (Aug. 31. 11 amlPler 24
Newburx ..(Grays Harbor I Aug. 31 1
Coos Bay.. I Newport [Aug. 31. 9 am! Pier 11
Steamer.
I
From.
Dut.
Coqullle River. San Pedro Aiflr. IS
Bonlta. Newport Aug. 25
City. or Puebla. Victoria Au*. 3
Thyra China and Japan Aug. 25
Curacao Mexico Aug.)?
Santa Rosa San Diego Aug. 71
Empire Coos Bay... Aug. 27
Mackinaw Seattle m Auff. 27
Eureka Humboldt Aug. 2?
San Mateo Nanalmo Aug. 27
Warfleld Oyster Harbor Aug. 27
Matteawan .... Tacoma Aug. IS
Xewburg Grays Harbor Aug. 23
China China and Japan Aug. 23
Stato of Cal.... Portland Aug. 23
Arcata Coos Bay Aug. 13
Pomona Seattle „ Ausf. 23
Coos Bay Newport..... Aug. 23
Point Arena ... Point Arena Aug. 30
Walla Walla.... Victoria Aug. 30
North Fork .... Humboldt Aug. 30
Crescent City .. Crescent City Aug. 30
Acapulco Xew York Aug. 31
Del Norte Portland ~ Aug. 31
Corona San Dieg-o Aug. 31
n |rt"lme Time Time Tlm«
P - L. W H W L. TV H W
n Ft. Ft. Ft- Ft.
2^7 iiu 0.4 12:08 bTs 8:35 1.8 11:47 6.2
26 ... 5:47 0.8 12:38 5.3 6:14 1.7
H W L, W II W L W
27 ... 0:30 4.8 S:1S 1.2 1:05 B.2 «:54 l.S
28... 1:14 4.5-6:45 1.6 1:31 5.1 7:31 1.4
23 ... 2:00 4.3 7:14 1.9 1:5S 5.1 8:15 1.8
SO i'i. 2:K 4.0 7:43 2.3 2:26 5.1 »:0« 1.3
31 ... 3:57 3.8 8:25 2.6 2:53| 8.0 10:06 1.1
OAKUXD HI'AIi ESTATE.
«1 ACi>ns to rent near Oakland: rich land,
with bttiiairxF. tools, wagons and stock.
BALSDURY. 43 Ninth St.. Oakland.
MABEIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were Issued
yMterdpy:
Henry Jenkins. 42, city, and Catherine Mel-
vln 40. city.
William ftosenberg. SO. 117 Russ street, and
Annie Urbach. W. 651 McAllister street.
John B- Tesethoff. 35, 766 Forester street, and
Sarah E. Dean, 24, 131 Flood avenue. 1
John Casey. 28, 314 Vlcksburg street, and 1
Abfcle Oalway, 27. 3J4 Vlcksburg street. •
Fung Chlng, 2^, 1114 Stockton street,' and Tut
Kum. IS, 1114 Stockton street j
Finest Equipment at Moderate Rates.
27 and 23 Fifth st. Tel. South 167.
fTJKERAL DIRECTORS AND EM3ALMER3.
v UNITED . UNDERTAKERS.
<i»|-cr! «Fh fhar>iwoo<2>. beam relling: every
room, nook and corner a pleasure to the eye.
Ijoi CO-IS; faclrr on that prominent ave-
nue T«kgrai'h. near Thirty-second st. ,ThI«
property carries a mortgage of JICH which
. /lertoT** n valuation of not less* than $7000:
jfWfe* only S(ZM. A. J. SNTDEK & CO.. Real
<C7 Ninth ft., Oakland.
>"E'.V 5-F.lcry 7-room. liath and reception hall;
i.IiimMng ojwn nick«! plated, finished In
OAKLAND
THE CHEAPEST AND FINEST HOUSE IN
(Successors to Flannagan _ Gallagher).
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr. ¦
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS
to Fifth St.." opposite Lincoln School. - — - .
' Telephone South - 80.
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.,
DIVIDEXD NOTICES.
DTvimSiND^T^lee^p^
ehare) of the Oceanic Steamship Company
will be payable at the office of the company,
227 Market st.. on and after Saturday. Sep-
tember 1. 1SO0. Transfer books close on Sat-
urday, Augu't 15, 13C0. at 1? m.
E. H. SHELDON*. Secretary.
TYPEWRITERS AXD SUPPLIES.
GREAT BARGAINS IN TTPEWIUTEni^W^
*ell better machines for less mor.ey thin any
house In the city: rertals, J3. The Typewriter
Exchange. 636 California, telephone Main 26«
ALWAYS bargains In typewriters: any make.
Write for prices to L. & M. ALEXANDER,
110 Montgomery at.
NEW typewriters. $S down. $5 month payments
REVALK. 409 California st.
HAVE you ever seen or heard of such an op-
' fortuntty? Jurt completed. 2-Ftory house of
. ( rooms, bath, reception hall, etc.; open
r.lckel-rlat*d pluinMnK, finished in curly red-
wood, dovetailed paneled, N-am ceiling, tlnt-
•<! walls, in fact everything that makes home
Veautiful: lot 3i>x«5. facing Telegraph ave..
E^ar Thirty-second Ft. ; most wonderful to Bay
rcu can buy this beautiful home for $300 cash
end assume mortgage of $3W> flat loan. A. J.
fcXYDER. Real E«tate. 487 Ninth St.. Oakland.
ALL kinds bought, eold. exchanged, rented;
repairing at lowest ruten. 205 Fourth st.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
ALL. kindi bought. Fold and repairing guaran-
teed Cha». Plambeck. 1915 Mission, nr. loth.
SEWIXG MACHIXES AXP SUPPLIES.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
BEKINS Van and Etorage Co.. 722 Mission St.;
tel. Main 1840— Packing, moving and storage.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. J320 FiUmcre St.: phone Jackson 281.
SAFE investment for $7500; block of land favor-
ably located near romlng Santa Fe Railroad.
Particulars C.WILLMOTT. »1« Market rt..S.F.
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
WILSON BROS., storage and moving; covered
vans. Tenth and Market: phone Bouth 761.
123C0— A NEW 6-room cottage; connected with
gas and water mains; street work all done;
electric cars pass the property 1 cash or In-
stallment-. Apply to MASON & McLEXA-
THEN. adjoining P. O. t Berkeley.
SPECIAL IVOTICES.
ROOMS papered from $2 CO; whitened. Jl up:
. painting done. Hartman Paint Co., 319 Third.
BEST etamp photos and buttons on earth.
DORE, 13S0 Market St.. above Jones.
XX) you want a home? If »o call at our office
end we will rhow you a 4-room cottage with
bath and pantry. !n good order; lot 50x125; all
ff-ncod and cross-fenced; price 11000; only
Jl'.O cash, balance $12 monthly; this ls fore-
rlor-ed property and ls -.-ell worth $1500; good
location. Take Berkeley train, get off at
Lorin station. a*k for RUDOLPH. PERKINS
& LYON CO.; office open . Sundays.
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made:
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO.,
415 Montgomery st.. rocms 8-10: tel. 5580.
ROOMS AM> BOARD.
HOTEL Sutherland. 791 Sutter St.; choice loca-
tion; sunny rooms with board; first-class with
•very convenience.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 109C
Valencia *t-
COZT cottage In first-class condition; nearly
n*>w; 6 large rooms; bath, pantry, hot and
cold water, windmill and tank: fruit trees,
flower cartSen, chicken house and barn: all
fpnr*<J an<5 cross-fpnee*!: large lot: 2 blocks
railroad station and electric cars, school,
churches and stores; price $n<V5; only $200
cash, balance $13 50 monthly. Take Berkeley
train, ret off at Lorin station, ask for RU-
DOLPH. PERKINS & LYON CO.; office
open Sundays.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 22C0 Fillmore st.
fir.r-0 WILL buy a lot lOOxlto; only oa« block
from U. C. grounds: If you want a snap see
this. W. C. MORAN. Lorin Fta.. Berkeley.
VAN NESS ave.. 1«R. corner Hayes — One nice
room for one gentleman or lady; cheap; call
after 6 p. m.
STOCKTON, place. 10, off Grant ave.— Fur-
nished rooms, double or eingle; also kitchen.
J3SO0— $500 IN cash, balance earn* aa rent, will
buy a new f-room house with all modern Im-
provements; Z blocks to train: electric car
passes the <Ioor. TV". C. MORAN.
MOO— NEW 6 ami ( room oottages In heart of
town; t'.led sink, porcelain bath, stationary
tubs, f.ne mantel: 3 Mocks to train; $100 cash.
r.-alfcr- » 120 per month; lots. 42x120 and 46x125;
all •¦ewered. etc. W. C MORAN.
SIXTH. 136 — Furnished sunny rooms; single or
cuitee; also rooms for light housekeeping.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 23 Eighth St.,
rear Market— Furnished or unfurnished.
ISO— 6 ROOMS and bath; eold for 11800; bank
:--or.M S1400 on this place; $100 cash; balance
J_ per month- W. C. MORAN.
f5S0— j:o CASH, balance $10 p«r month; 4-room
cottage; hard finish and papered: corner lot.
t&Utt: all sewered. W. C. MORAN.
ROTAL HOUSE. 126 Ellis St.— Incandescent
light; reading room, smoking room and ladles'
parlor; rooms, per night. 25c to $t 50; week, tt
to $8; month. JS to $20: elevator on office
floor; rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
RO6EDALE House. 319 and 321 Ellis st.-Rooms,
night go to St. week $1 25 to $4; open night.
POWELL, 612A— Large sunny room, neatly fur-
nished, and others; reasonable.
DERKELET REAL ESTATE.
f:V»-e ROOMS and bath; S lots, 40x116 each;
rustic barn and chicken-house; well and
purr.p; t200 cash; balance tit per month. W.
C. MORAN.
POWELL, 121, "The Rossin"— Changed hands;
furnished rooms. MISS J. MALLETT; phone
black 4341.
POST. 631—1 furnished room. $5: no smoking
In the house; Protestant Christian preferred.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
POLK. 1539— Two nicely furnished front rooms;
board optional; permanent; private; reason-
able. ,
PRINTED list; farms and city property sold
and exchanged. M. GRIFFIN. 719 Market st.
O'FARRELL. 742— Nicely furnished sunny quiet
rooms, en suite or single; gas, bath, phone.
FOR rent — JT5-acre farm. Alameda Co.: each
rent. H. H. CRANE. MS California st.
O'FARRELL. 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; electric lights; day. wk..mo.
LOCUST ave., 125. n*ar McAllister, off Van
N«ss — Larce furnished room, Jl 25 per week.
DILLON'S BEACH for Bale; finest cummer re-
rcrt property on Pacific Coast; Including cot-
tapes and hotel, 900-acre ranch, horses, cattle,
fsrm'.rj: utensils; well Tratered. GEO. DIL-
LON. Tomales. Uarln County. Cal.
LAS PALMAS, 1S20 Market St.— Suite of 2 or 5
rms.; private; bath; sin. rms.; board optional.
JESSIE. 3C3. near Fifth and Market— Furnish-
ed rooms. $4 and t5; house-keeping, $S and fi.
F'^R ea'.e— Farm. 169 acres; S3 acres cultivated;
V'R^&r.ce rultable for farming; vineyard, or-
f-hard. new house and cellar; 2 miles from
Grass Vail»y; will e*ll very cheap account of
ajre. HENRT PERSCHON. Grass Valley, Cat
HOWARD. 10C3B— Changed hands; neatly fur-
nished rooms; single or double; reasonable.
HOWARD. !1S«, corner Elghteenth-^Sunny fur-
nished room.
FOR sale cr exchange In one of the best coun-
try towns In State consisting of half Interest
'n principal brick corner; 6Cxl4i>: containing
« Mores; also S cottages In town; all rented;
reasons of Belling business In city; snap for
rartirp desiring country property. Bex 1S76.
Cftll ofrlre.
Jit. 000— A FINE bearing vineyard of S3 acres;
the cror r^ady in six weeks; estimated at
1298; district fr*>e of frost and free of dis-
ease; lVj rr.iles from Cloverdale; winery, ca-
pacity cf 70.000 gallons; this place wants ln-
fp*><;tlon to be fully appreciated: will not be
JorAale aft«-r the 1st of September. Address
T. J. D.. T4« CioverdaJe.
HOWARD. SiS, cor. 6th— Orlando House— New
management: furnished rms.: suites or single.
HOWAP.D, 829— Rooms from Jl week up to f5;
_5c to 51 night: also housekeeping- rooms.
HOTEL Francisco— Elegant suites; single; tran-
sient; baths. MRS. KING. Turk and Taylor.
GRAND SOUTHERN, southeast corner Seventh
ard Mission st*.— Sunny rooms, en suite or
tingle; ladles' parlor; readinff-room; elevatdr.
IIAIGHT. 641— Nice sunny room, bath and gae.
for contleman In private family.
FOLSOM. »65. cor. 6th (The Oliver)— New fur-
nished sunny rms, single or suites :ri>asonable.
FILLMORE. f.I c , near Hayes— Single sunny
front room for a lady, $5 a month.
lcrn..4 rl-.icken houses, family orchard; price
flSOO; take COM down, balance $100 yearly
payment— E. E. G—HRING, 47S Tenth St.,
Oakland.
RCAL ESTATE — COIXTUY — For Sale
12 A.CBES 1 mile from Lafay-tte; J-room house.
OCEAN TRAV___
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
» steamers Iea-« Broad-ray
h^^ wharf. San Kranclseo:
TgS»»^ For Alaskan Ports— 11 a.
WKfSS&L m., August 24. 23. S»pt. J.
iw'kVr'- Change to company's steam-
H_v I!_Fi\5i4 '" at Seattle.
ESVdPl \_3 F* 01 " Victoria, Vanivmver
n»»Ci_Esfii (B. C). Pert Townsend. ?--
t attle. Tacoma, Everett. Ana-
cortes and New Whatcom
CWash.)— 11 a. m., August
24. 29. Sept. S. and every fifth day thereafter.
Changs at Seattle to this company's steamers
for Alaska and O. N. R'y; at Seattle or Ta-
coma to N. P. R'y; at Vancouver to C. P. R'y.
For Eureka, Humboldt Bay— 2 p. m.. August
26. 31. Sept. 5. and every fifth day thereafter.
For Santa Croi, Monterey, San Simeon. Cayu-
"cos. Port Harford (San Luis Obiapo). Ga-lota,
Santa Barbara, Ventura. Hueneme San Pedro.
East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and Newport— *
a. tn., August 23. 27. 31. Sept. 4, and every
fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
fcrd (San Luis Obl«po). Santa Barbara. Port
Los Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles)— 11
a. m.. Auirust 23. 29. Sept. 2, and every fourth
day thereafter.
For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay. Fan Joaa del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata, La Paz, Santa Rosa-
lia and Guaymas (Mexico)— 10 a. m.. 7th of
each month.
For further Information obtain company'*
folders.
The company reserves the right to chan«^»
I steamers, sailing dates and hours of sailing
without previous notice.
TICKET OFFICE— 4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
' GOODALL. PERKINS _ CO.. Gen» Agents.
10 Market St., San Francisco.
\ THE Oi R. & N. CO.
DISPATCII FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Ppear-street Wharf at 11 A. M.
PARC $12 First Class including Berth
rHfJL $3 Second Class and Meals-
STATE OF CALIFORNL\ sail* "
Auruat SI
COLUMBIA sails August 2S. Sept. 5
Short line to Walla Walla. Spokane. Butte.
! Helena and all points In the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD. General Agent.
(30 Market st.
GOODALL, PERKINS _ CO..
Superintendents.
TOYO RISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m.,
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hiogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkon* with steamers for In-
dia, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of salllnr-
SS. HONGKONG MART?
Wednesday, Aueru«t 23. 1000
SS. NIPPON MARTT .-
Saturday. September 22. 1300
SS. AMERICA M A RU.. Wednesday. Oct. 17. 1301
Via Honolulu.
Roucd-tr!o tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office.
421 Market street, comer of First.
W. H. AVERT. General Agent.
AMERICAN LINE/. ¦»;
«? T03K. S0OT3AJIPT05. LOHDOS. ?!_!_, v
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York Every Wednesday, 10 a. m.
St. Paul Sept. 5|St. Paul Sept. M
St. Louis Sept. 12 St. Louis Oct. 3
New York Sept. 131 New York Oct. 19
RED STAR LINE.
New York and Antwero.
From New York Every Wednesday. 12 noon.
Bouth wark Sept. 5f Noordland Sept. W
Westernland ...Sept. 12 Friesland Oct. J
Kensington ....Sept. _V Southwark Oct. 19
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
30 Montgomery Street.
00XPAGHIE 6X5-R-LS TSA53ATL_3TIQC3.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. -^^^
Sailins every Thursday. Instead of
Saturday, from November 2. 1X». at ¦>-"*&*»
10 a. tn.. from Pier 42. North River, foot of
Morton street. LA TOURAINE. August *);
L'AQUITAINE. Sept. «: LA BRETAGNE.
Sept. H; LA LORRAINE, Sept 20. First clas-.
to Havre. $32 SO and upward. Second class to
Havre. K5 and upward: 5 per cent reduction on
round trio. GENERAL AGENCY FOR
UNITED STATES and CANADA. 32 Broadway
(Hudson building). New York. J. F. FUOAZI
ft CO.. Pacific Coast Agents, 5 Montgomery
avenue. San Francisco. 1
04JEAXIC 8. S. CO.— HONOT.in.TJ, APIA
AUCKLAND AXD SYDXEY.
S. S<. MARIPOSA (via Honolulu) to New
Zealand and Australia Wed.. Sept. 5. * p. m.
S. S. AUSTRALIA (Honolulu only)
Wednesday. Sept. 19. 2 p. m.
I. D. SPR-CKELS 4 BROS. CO.. <igts.. il4 Montgocnen
Pier 7, Foot Pacific SL Freight 0iflcc.?27 Market SL
1/nOlinO llUC hathor ....ssm ton*
KiiNmilN Llflfc OCT A VIA ...TO"© tons
IMJUmUU LIU-. L17XOR CC0 tons
: ; — ABYDO3 ....4000 tons
Monthly Sailing; for Valparaiso and Hamburg,
via Mexican ports. Central and South
- America, etc.
S. E. Tanls, 4300 tons, sails about August 23.
1. D. SPRECKELS & BP.OS. CO.. Agents.
114 Montgomery st. Pier No. 7— Freight office.
J27 Market St.. Pan Francisco.
BAY AND RIVER STEAMERS.
FOR U. S. RAW YARD AND YAILEJ1
Steamer "Alontlcello.**
MOX.. Tues., Wed.. Thurs. and Sat. at ?:45
a. m., 1:15. ":W p. n». (ex. Thura. night); Fri-
days. 1 p. m. and *:M; Sundays. 10:30 a. m.. t
p. m. Landing and office. Mtsston-street Dock.
Pier No. i. Telephone Main -U03.
FARE 30c
ELLIS. cor. Mason 'Clifford)— Handsomely
furnished sunny roorrs; prices reasonable.
ESSEX place. 1, off Essex st.. Rlncon HIU—
3 unfurnished rooms; hot and cold water;
bath.
BUPH. f.CO— Nicely furn. sunny rooms ;$1 50 to $7
wk.. 2Sc to fl M night. MUS. P. RANFT.
BOHEMIA. 230 Post— Finest sunny suites In
city for families and gentlemen; all conveni-
ences; special accommodation for tourists. 'I
BURNETT, H2<5 Market (old No. 13G4)— F_r^
nished rms.. Fultes. single; also unfurnished.
Itoo.MS TO LET — Furn. and Unfnrn.
A— BRUNSWICK HOUSE, I4S Sixth— Rooms
Zoc to fl per nlpht. fl 25 to f5 per week, and
lisrht housekeeping; op»-n all nizht.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
*ubs=crlr>t!ons has been established at 1096
Valencia et.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore st.
VAN NESS, 402— Front bay-window suite, new-
ly furnished; complete for housekeeping: gas
range.
VALENCIA. 191 — Suite of sunny rooms, bath;
newly papered and painted; private fam.; $10.
TWENTY-THIRD. 2726. near Dolores— 4 sunny
bay-window rooms; nice: n«?at; complete.
PINE. 1401—2 or 2 nice sunny connecting rooms
furnish-d for housekeeping ; eras and bath.
Tl'HK. 613 — Tv.o sunny furnished rooms for
housekeeping; 1 front; $12.
O'FARREU, 742— Two or three neatly fur-
nished rooms for housekeeping. $U to $20.
NATOMA. "S4. near Fourth— 2 furnished hcuse-
keerinr rcoms; water; sink; closet.
MARKET. 102S— Large light room; connecting
kitchen; furnished; folding bed; gas; $10.
LARGE furnished rarlcr and dining room,
kitchen and large bedroom; all conveniences;
clc^e to bread and narrow gauge litatlons.
21"! Central ave.. Alarr.eda.
JEPSIK. 363. near Fifth and Market— House-
kot-ring. tS and $9; single, ft and J3.
HOWARD, 1063'i— Two connecting housekeep-
ing rnif., furn., $3; also double and sin, rr.19.
HAMPTON place. 1?. off Foisom, bet. Second
and TJiird—4 rooms; sunny; bath.
GOLDEN OATE. 622— Sunny suites furnished
for housekeeping; gas stove; running water.
GOLDEN GATE, 1CS5-1 or 4 housekeeping
rooms; cheap.
FOURTH. :46— Parlor suite for housekeeping;
a!«> Fingie housekeeping rooms.
FIFTH. 24S— Suite of rooms: furnished for
housekeeping; ch»>ap.
E7The funeral will take place this day
(Saturday), at 6:45 o'clock, from the parlors of
J. C. O'Connor _ Co., 767 Mission street,
thence to St. Patrick's Church, where a re-
quiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repo6e of his soul, commencing at 9 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
KELLY— In this city, August 24, 1900. Martin,
beloved husband of the late Ann Kelly, and
beloved brother of Mrs. Mary Molloy and the
late Mrs. Margaret Kenney, a native of the
parish of Moore, County Roscommon, Ire-
land, aged 79 years and 8 months. . (Boston
papers please copy.)
_7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 12:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 6 Moulton street, between Buchanan
and Webster. Greenwich and Lombard, thence
to St. Brlcld's Church for services at 1
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
MANGELS — In this cltyl August 24, 1D0O.
Emma L. S. Mangels, widow of Claus Man-
gels, dearly beloved mother of Mrs. F. Tlll-
roann Jr. and Agnes Mangels, and sister of
the late Hermann Zwie*. a native of Noeren-
bertr, Germany, aged 62 years 9 months and
27 days. ¦ . .
(E7"The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Sunday), at 10 o'clock, from -her late resi-
dence, 2518 Howard street. Interment private.
MASTERSON—In this city, August' 23. 1900,
James, father of Thomas, James and Teresa
Mast«r«on, a native of Ireland, aged 47 years.
(CTThe funeral will take place to-morrow
LENA SCHOLTEN, Treasurer.
KEANE— In Fresno, August 23, 1900, Patrick,
beloved brother of Nellie Keane. a native of
the parish of Klllurey, County Kerry, Ire-
land, aged 27 years.
LAURA I. OBLINGER, Secretary,
CTFrlendB and acquaintances and comrades
of the G. A. R. are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral, which will be held under the
auspices of George H. Thomas Post No. 2.
G. A. R., at their hall, 320, Post street,
to-morrow (Sunday), at 1 o'clock. Interment
George H. Thomas Post's plat In National
Cemetery- • - •
OFFICERS and members of Seven Pines Circle
No. 3, Ladies of the G. A. R., are requested
to attend the funeral of our late comrade,
George J. Hood, to-morrow (Sunday), at 1
o'clock, from 320 Post street.
LIZZIE C. WHITESIDE, President.
(CTThe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 2003 Bush street. Interment Masonic
Cemetery.
HALEY— In this city, August 24, 1900, Adeline,
widow of the late John J. Haley, and mother
of Charles M. Haley, a native of New Lon-
don, Conn., aged S5 years 2 months aryl 2
days.
HARVEY— In this city, August 24, 1900, James
C. Harvey, a native of Salem, Mass., aged
S6 years 4 months and 25 days.
HOOD— In this city. August 21. 1900, at his resi-
dence, 161 Hermann street, George J. Hood,
dearly beloved husband of Mary L. Hood, and
loving father of Hubbard, Edward and Harry
Hood, a native of Lancaster. Ohio, aged 57
years 9 months and 10 days.
ETTrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrcw
(Sunday), at 10:30 o'clock, from the residence
of Mrs. J. H. Spring, Fruitvale. Incineration
Odd Fellows' Cemetery at 1:30 o'clock.
ELBERTS— In this city, August 24. 1900, Joseph
Elberts, a native of Waterford, County
Waterford, Ireland, aged 45 years. A member
of Pacific Coast Marine Firemen's Union.
(New York City papers please copy.)
E7"Remalns at the funeral parlors of Mc-
Ginn Bros., 31 Eddy street.
FERBECK— In this city. August 24, 1900, John
W., dearly beloved son of Harry and Kate
Ferbeck, a native of San Francisco, aged 8
months and 7 days.
FEUSIER— In Sheep Ranch, August 23, 1900,
Henry Feusler, beloved husband of Cephalla
F.eusler, and father of Nevada, Frank, Harry
and Norman Feusler, a native o£ Brooklyn,
N. Y., aged 63 years.
(C7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence of
her mother. 1771 William 6tre«t, West Oak-
land. Interment Et. Mary's Cemetery.
DUPERU— In Fruitvale, Cal., August 24, 1900,
Eliza Ritchie Duperu. beloved sister of Mrs.
J. H. Spring-, Mrs. H. J. Chamberlin and An-
gelo R., Reuick McKee and Alphonse M. Du-
pcru. a native of San Francisco, aged 42 years
S months and 29 days.
(_TFuneraI services this day (Saturday),
at 11 o'clock, at 250S Benvinue avenue, near
Dn-lght way, Berkeley, Cal. Interment pri-
vate.
CONNOLLY— In this city, August 24, 1900,
Delia, beloved daughter of Mary Connolly,
and sister of John, Dennle and Willie Con-
nolly, Mrs. M. Hodgklss. Mrs. W;H. Marion
and Mrs. A. Ross, a native of Plitsburg, Pa.,
a~ed 21 years.
[CTFrlcnds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invite<l to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from Zron A. M. E.
Church, Stockton street, between Clay ami
Sacramento, under the auspices of Hannibal
Lodee No. 1. F. and A. M. Rnmalns at the
parlors of the California Undertaking Com-
pany, 405 Powell street, near Post.
CANAVAN— Mrs. Belle White Canavan. widow
of the lat» P.^-H. Canavan, mother of Jullta
White Canavan. and sister of Mrs. John Gar-
ber. a native of Alabama.
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday),' at 2 o'clock, from the residence
of his daughter. Mrs. Paul Keyser. 1140 Ful-
ton street, under the auspices of Fidelity
Lodge No. 222, 1. O. O. F. Interment private.
BROWN— In this city, August 20. 1300. Lewis
Brown, beloved husband of Sarah L. Brown,
n native of Annapolis. Md.. aged 57 years.
CTTriends ami acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from Eintracht Hall,
237 Twelfth street, between Howard and Fol-
som. Interment Odd Fellows' Cemetery. Re-
mains at the parlors of Theo. Dierks, under-
taker, iS7 Mission street, between Fifth and
Sixth.
BLARER— In this city, August 22. 1900, J. C.
Blaser. a native of Switzerland, aged 72 years.
(Eureka, Nev., papers pirate copy.)
ETFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence
of his son, George Barrett, 32 Stanford atreet.
off Brannan, between Second and Third. In-
terment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
BEYER— In thin city. August 23. 1900, Adolph.
beloved husband of Katherine Beyer, father
.of Adolph, Willie and Emma Beyer, and
brother of Otto, William. Ernst and August
Beyer, a native of Hanover. Germany, aged
63 years r> months and 7 davs. A member of
Valley Lodge No. 30, A. O. U. W., and Verein
Eintracht.
ICTKriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
this day. (Saturday), at 2 o'clock, at the
nvrtuary chapel of Bessie J. Wood _ Co.,
1128 Twenty-third avenue. East Oakland. In-
terment strictly private.
BARRETT— In this city, August 22. 1900, Ed-
ward Barrett, a native of Ireland, aged 81
years.
ABBOTT-In Calistoga. August 24. 1&00. George
W . Abbott, brother of Mrs. O. H. Ames, and
only nephew of Mrs. L. A. Frost, a native of
Maine, aged 62 years 1 month and 10 days.
ANDERSON-In this city, August 24, 1900,
Charles Emil Russel, eldest and dearly be-
loved son of Emil and Ellen Anderson, and
brother of Albert Anderson, a native of San
Francisco, aged 2 years 9 months and 14 days.
ICTFjlends and • acquaintances are respect-
fully lAvited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence
of his parents. 137H Erie street, between
Howard and Folsom. Thirteenth- and Four-
teenth. Interment 1. O. O. F. Cemetery.
BAPTI£-In Oakland, August 22, 19C0, John H..
beloved husband of Sarah Allen Bautis, a
native of New York, aged 64 years 11 months
and 15 daya.
Thomas, Ernest Q.
Violich, Peter
Wachter, Charles
Fousier, . Henry
Ilaloy, Adeline
Harvey, James C,
DIED.
Abbott. Georce W. Hood, Georre J.
Anderson. Charles E. Keane. Patrick
Baptls, John H. Kslly, Martin
Barrett, -Edward Mangels, Emma L. S
Bpy*>r. A<Jolph Masterson. James
Blaser. J. C. Nichols. George H.
Brown. Lewis Pllmley, Sarah
Canavan, Mrs. Belle Ross, Elizabeth T.
Connolly, Delia Scherrer, Geo. I. A.
Duceru. Eliza R. Spargo, Mrs. Mamie
Elberts, Joseph Starr. Ella B.
Ft-rbeck. John \V. Strain. Henr>-
a. m ppcck £z ra.. cirr mahket st.
icon— HOUSE cf 5 rocms and bato fcr sale.
:U Ycrk ft.
i! :PETA' _0O_M r>u:it; lowest prices; plans and
***;m»tfs furn!sh«d Camr-bell. 1147 Mission.
< iM^nirle.
f~:<,r*:~j — r«>-^ j r>«T <-mt: corner; 73 ft. front;
Llo-.k from Flxih and ilarktt sts. ; good
fcicn.
-1 ays SC7?; Brand comer: a!l rented
»«_&»— r_y» S prr cer.t net; grand corner; one
t'MF.nt; loathe E year*.
H '•>¦*- H' :.'..* fEZl r.cw improvements.''
T. •• Rent* $175; corner; new improve-
ments.
t "."¦""- Rents i'AZ: new improvements.
13,i-»— Market -st. corner; store, flat and base-
rr.'.-.t: modern building; former price,
jju« 6<>M; two f;n<« f.aty; 6 Hyde it,
:-:<¦>«:• ri:v lia'.l: rents $73.
fv"'V- nentsj t' r >: r.*-w flats nearVan Ness av«.
$<:_f;;<.— port «t.;' three f.ats; rents SW.
S*._w>---M'! ! s!...n f.fits: rents $31J> annually; near
Txrentr-fourth st.
ItJtO— Een_ $:?: Vallejo st.; worth J350D.
CLEAN INVESTMENTS
/.T A M BPECK _ Co.'fi. 6«7 MARKET ST.
f?oO.«00— Pays 5 jwr i-em n»>t; near Chronicle.
f:7;.000 -Vi.\e 6 ;<T c?nt Bet; Market St.; one
n r.art.
f 10C, 900 -!>:•« 3 i-er cent; Market St.; always
rtr.t«J.
JiX\0<>0— rays 7 r>«T c^nt; few blocks from
1ST :^; or any f_p at flCQ a foot.
fS'J 1 "*— A ninhv.-cst corner; 41xS0; en Union et.
car lin^.
I -'" r — A n<->rtr.xveM <-orr,<-r on Green et.
% ..>"— A correr fi't: -vnra on Scott st.; very
cheap.
BK^-Lct* rr^xiro to rear street; on Lombard-
n boulevard.
THOMAS ilAGHE & BOX—,
5 Montgomery st.
an.i i-.'-r.r electric cars.
¦ .- - <yFla-re» st.; la ecod location for flats;
rftrW to rear strret.
T-.SO— Beautiful lots on Devisadero ft.; 27;6x
on; near esfcle cars on Union st.
».-.-)<>— A soutfce«ji corner; 22x100.
J-^0— Lot nn Fo!! st.. opposite Park Par.hand!e
sr<J op. Boulevard.
ST730— rr.xllO: on Van Ness ave.
f_£u — Very <w;rat-!e lot on Oak St.. facing Pan-
hantfie: F :rvet nork al! done; 25x137:6.
IUW-.T-.-a lot* on Ma?or.ic ave.. near Haight-
ft. cars; ISxliJ.
U3fe— 2Sxl£}; on caj-t side of Masonic.
$1<fe«i— K;_tlS; on Mnsor.ic ave.
HX«-Two lots on ?t»ir.*r ?i.. Just below Pa-
ciSo Heisrht:*; rTifixlOO.
fr000~S7:€x:c7:w; on r\<-nli s:de of Green St., near
FlUmore-tt. e'.ectric c-arF.
flSOO— Lots 77:Cxl37-K: on Gre<r. St.. with view
r.4^<»— Lots 25x!0O en the north tide of Union
St.. near Webster.
»t40<>— Northeast fnrner; en T'rlon «.; S7:6xlW.
Si:r>0— Key lot; _ix:37:C; on Webster st.
f:v-"O— ;*x 137:6; en east fifl» cf Webster.
SXK»— Very cheap: lots JSxItf; ready to build
ItEAL. ESTATE CITV FOH SALE.
WESTERN ADDITION LOTS. ~
VK C. C. ODONNELL-Ofnce and residence.
vr:»4 Market st.. bet. Hxth and Seventh.
DR. J. HE88ERTJ BJCEV_>2eH Keamy st..
CL-res by electricity Nervous Prostration. In-
f>mnl». Asthma, Rhcvirr.«ti!x. Paralysis. Ca-
tarrh. Consumption. Kidney. ar.<3 all ir.3am-
raatory caves; diseases diagnosed.
miYSICIA.XS AND SLRGEO.VS.
CAPT-OFF clothir.K. old pnld and silver bought
fpr.d jwrtil. COLEMAN'S. f>6 Keamy st.
ALFnEDVMS EKrpt'.an Henna restores gray
hmlr to Its natural color; |1, at all drugKl«!>.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
GREAT BARGAIN! '. ! I
Mo-iern 5-room cottage; latest improvements;
large lot; near Linda VistE. Terrace and
Piedmont electric cars; must b» sold; call
and make offer. A. R. PETERSON. 47S
Tenth st., Oakland. •
EDDY. C04-Sur.r.y corner suite of rooms, kitch-
en, jias rar.ge; running water; complete for
housekeeping.
ROOMS FOR HO-SEkEBPixd;
bXrTLETT. 413— Three sunny rooms furnished
cr unfurnished; reasonable.
HOLMES-GLEXNY-In this city. August 22,
1500, ty the Rev. Herbert Parrish, Harold C.
Holmes and Evelyn Glenny.
McLEAN— HARPER— In this city, August 22.
1?K>, by. the Rev. Herbert Parrish. William
\ ale mine McLean and Maud J. Harper.
MARRIED.
OAKLAND FIJBMTUUE FOR SALE.
AN introduction to you from H. Schel'.haas. the
lurnituro dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Cs!l. 1'j rajjes, *«>Tit to any address In the
Vnitf-d Ktatfs or Canada one year for $1.
$S50— FOR sale; b^st bargains In Oakland; 4-
room cottage, baJhroom. pantry, hot and cold
water, laundry and Fhop; lot 25xS9. 1206 Pc-
raka st.. between Fifteenth and Sixteenth,
West Okaland.
BORN.
BELL— In Alameda, August 24, 1900. to the
wife of Alex. G. Bell, a daughter.
CURTIS— In this city. August 17. 1900. to the
wife of E. E. Curtis, a daughter.
Dt'GGAN— In this city, August IS, 1900, to tha
wife of Captain Charles J. Duggan, a daugh-
ter.
GEKUNOVICH— In this city. August 23. 1900.
to the wife of Steve Gerunovi'.h. a son.
MARTIN— In this city. August 21. 1900, to the
wife cf Edward S, Martin, a son.
POLLOCK— In this city, to the wife of H. C.
Pollock, a dauchter.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be ineerted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices end be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
EflTS »o rritr en easy payments. Art Tailor-
ing Co.. Examiner i>ul!dlr.jr. room 407.
WANTEI^- Old-fashioned silver, braes, copper
ware; curi*-*, all de'criptlons. 525 Dupoct tt.
sweetens the hair;- Re package; try It once
T:i.KCTRIC lights In every room— Winchester
Hotel, 44 Third tt., near Market: 7CO room«;
25? to ?l .'* per night: $1 i>0 to $6 per week;
:'ree 'Irjs ard barsace to avl from the ferry.
IXPERER'S Foe.rr.0 Sh«Tni»j cleanses and
(TirFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from Turn Verein
Hall, 323 Turk street. Interment Mount Oli-
vet Cemetery- Remains at the parlors of
Theodor Dlerks, 957 Mission street, between
Fifth and Sixth.
IE?*Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock, from Mission Ma-
sonlc Hall. 262S Mission street, under the aus-
pices of Mission Masonic Lodge No. 189, F.
and A. M. Interment Cypress Lawn Ceme-
tery, by electric funeral car. corner Twenty-
third and Guerrero streets, at 2:43 o'clock.
Kemains at the chapel of the Golden Gate
Undertaking Company, 2125 Mission street.
VIOLtCH— In Oakland, August 23, 1900, Peter
Violich, beloved father of Felix Violich, a
native of Austria, aged S3 years & months and
15 days.
CT" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the residence
of his son. 370 Third street. Interment St.
Mary's Cemetery. Oakland.
WACHTER — In this city, August 23. 1900.
Charles, dearly beloved husband of Lizzie
Wachter (nee Laubscher), father of Charlie
Wachter. and brother of Fritz Wachter, a
native of Neufen. Wurtemberg, Germany,
aged 2S years 9 months and 13 days. A mem-
ber of Hermann Stamm, U. O. R. M.; San
Francisco Turn Verein, and San Francisco
Schwaben Verein.
CT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
this day (Saturday), at 11 o'clock, at his late
residence. Interment at Bollna».
THOMAS— In Mill Valley, August 22, 1500. Er-
nest George, beloved husband of Ortency I.
Thomas (nee Lovie). and brother of Joseph
H.; William J., Effle A., Louise F., Frank
II. and Henry J. Thomas, a native of Cali-
fornia, aged 30 years 1 month and 22 days.
C?"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence of
his parents, 5H Seventh avenue, Richmond
district. Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
SPARGO (nee SHEA)— Friends and acquaint-
ances are respectfully invited to attend a sol-
emn requiem high mass for the repose of the
soul of the late Mrs. Mamie Spargo (nee
Shea), this day (Saturday), commencing at
9 o'clock, at St. Sebastian's Chapel. Presidio.
STARR— In Alameda, August 24. 1900, Ella
Bourne, third daughter of Mellnda and the
lute Thomas N. Starr, a native of San Fran-
cisco. (New York papers please copy.)
CT" Notice of funeral hereafter.
STRAIN— In Bolinas, August 23, 1900, Henry,
beloved husband of Marcella Strain, '' and
father of E. R.. William, Westerfleld, Frank,
Annie and Ella Strain, Mrs. A. V. LaufT and
Mrs. M. Pedrottl. a native of County Mona-
ghan, Ireland, aged\74 years.
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of J. ¦ C- O'Connor & Co.. 767 Mission street.
» Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
NICHOLS— In this city, August 24, 1900, George
F. Nichols, beloved husband of Emma T.
Nichols, and father of Lillian. David. B. and
Georse V. Nichols. A member of Court De-'
n>nce No. 23, F. of A., and Golden Gate
Lodi?e No. 6. B. P. O. E.
EJ^Notice of funeral hereafter. Remains at
ths parlors of Halsted _ Co., 946 Mission
street.
PLIMLEY— In this city,. August 23, 1900, Sarah
I'limley, beloved mother of Mrs. K. R. Gomez.
Mrs. George D. Troy, Mrs. W. C. Wilbur and
Ernest Phmley, a native of England, aged 49
years.
ROSS-In this city, August 24, 1900, Elizabeth
T., beloved daughter of Mrs. and the late
Thomas Ross, a native of San Krancisco.
SCHKRRER— In this city. August 23." 1900,
George Ignatius A. Scherrer, only and be-
loved son of Rosalie and Ignatius Scherrer,
and brother of Emelie and Louise Scherrer;
a native of San Francisco, aged 6 years 9
months and 22 days.DEAF TEACHER
SUSPENDED BY
SCHOOL BOARD
recounts every crime ir. the calendar with
the exception of murder, and shows the
hideous depths to which this outcast of
society descended.
CHAHLES WILLIAMS, WHO BECEIVES A CENT FOB. HIS
REPUTATION.
"Hereafter families of standing will bo
loth to accept as sponsor for strangers
within the city's gates any men except
those of known probity and honor. The
HJtTRT Jn the Ur.U<?d States Circuit
Court awarded Charles Williams
Jj yesterday damages of one cent in
the ?uit for libel which he institut
ed against The Call. This verdict is of the
deepest significance. It serves as a warn
ing to all others of the stripe of Williams
who Mfk to violate the sanctity of the
home ajid prey upon society. Twelve men
of intelligence and probity, respecting the
laws which must . protect communities,
after a trial cf many days and a delib
<rata judgment of every fact in the case,
have llxed the value of this man's per
fional honor and his reputation at one
cent, the lowest expression of definite
value which we can find In our monetary
pystfin.
This verdict is a vindication of the- pol
icy of Tfc* Call, of which the expose of
Williams and his methods v.-as an inci
dent- This paper detmed It a duty to
show this man as he is when he dared to
infJct an injury upon an innocent and re
epected family of San Francisco. And
this paper will act in. the same way when
ever axid wherever necessity demands.
On October 11. 1S9S, The Call published
the character of Williams. This publica
tion xv&s made as a warning and as a
protection to a family upon one of whose
members Williams had designs. On Oc
tober 12. 13 and 14 similar articles were
published, ar.d upon the article of Oc
tober 14 Williams based his suit for libel
against The Call. This publication is now
a part of the record of the case in the
United States Circuit Court, from which
it is reproduced in full as follows:
"All possible tact and delicacy were
used In an endeavor not to link the name
of the impostor with the names of those
who. unfortunately, had come into close
social contact with him, admitting him
to their homes and entertaining him with
the lavish hospitality for which Califor
nia^ are noted. The unmasking of this
adventurer was a slow and difficult pro
cos*, necessitating the gathering of evi
dence from all parts of the world.
"The Information withheld would have
tended to make him despised of all men.
hut the object of this paper was not to
blast character, but to subserve the ends
of justice. Should the time come when
the evidence will be necessary to again
protect society, it will be forthcoming. It
"Although the charges were of the most
r-ensational character every effort was
made to present the facts clearly and con
cisely and not to pander to morbid cu
riosity. The paper has in Its possession
much more damaging evidence against
Mr. Williams than it has presented. The
information contained a mass of matter
of an offensive character. Only such was
used as proved absolutely necessary to
substantiate the charges originally pre
ferred by this paper.
"The ends of justice have been served,
so The Call now writes 'finis' to the last
chapter of the noted Charles A. Williams
case. The d«.s5r«* which actuated the ex
pose of the adventurer was to protect an
innocent girl from the clutches of a vil
lain and to rid society of an offensive
member. Persecution played no part in
it.
"Last Chapter in the Local History of the
Notorious South African Millionaire
Mine-Owner and Adventurer —
The Call Rests Its Case.
"RIGHT TRIUMPHS IN
THK WILLIAMS CASE
He Demanded $255,000 as a Balm
for His Shattered Reputation
and Got the Smallest Coin
of the Realm.
Conclusion off Has Seat for Label
Against The Call.
Williams filed a suit in the United
States Circuit Court claiming that the
foregoing publication had damaged him
to the extent of $255,000, for which he
sued. He returned from Johannesburg,
whither he haxl gone after the expose,
and prepared to prosecute his suit. He
was represented before United . States
Circuit Judge Beatty and a jury by ex
ceptionally able counsel. The trial began
on the 8th lnst. and to avoid even an in
sinuation that, it sought to influence a
judicial proceeding The Call refrained
absolutely from any reference to the
trial. In the personality of "Williams
this paper was wholly unconcerned ex
cept as he demonstrated himself to be
the type of those who are a menace to
society and violate its laws.
The trial was concluded yesterday after
noon, when the jury judicially appraised
the value of Williams' reputation not at
$255,000 but at 1 cent. This award of the
jury will bo paid by check by The Call
to Williams to-day. Under the judgment
of the Jury he will pay the costs of the
suit. This conclusion of the affair Is a
matter of gratification to this paper, as
it demonstrates that efforts honestly made
to protect society against those who
would injure it receive the indorsement
and vindication -of those In whose behalf
offenders against our laws and our homes
are unmasked.
lines will be drawn more sharply to pre
vent a recurrence of the Williams epi
sode. An explanation seems due from the
social backer of this man who made
possible the plying of his nefarious trade
in this city.
"What plans Williams may have for the
future does not concern this journal. It
but echoes the sentiment of this com
munity in expressing: the hope that he
shake the dust of this city from his feet."
Warning toThose
Who Seek to
Prey Upon
Society.
Sttagtag Rdbeke
in Coinrt. • •
CHARACTER OF CHARLES WILLIAMS IS
APPRAISED BY A JURY AT ONE CENT
United States District Judge de Haven
yesterday appointed I Richard Belcher ref
eree in bankruptcy for the counties of
Yuba, Colusa. Sutter and' Glenn, ¦ with
bonds at $1000. • - : '¦ ...
Referee in Bankruptcy Appointed.
Rumor Says if Indicted He Will Pro
duce Witnesses to Transaction
Bet-ween Conroy and Himself."
E. A. Wilber, ,who, .with Eddy Conroy;
figured prominently Jn the water, front
scandals, failed '. to * materialize -with his
premised - witnesses ' at : ¦ yesterday's ses
sion Of the, Grand Jury. ; .Wllber' received
the money, which the victims of the fraud
paid tox the falsely promised water front
WILBER MAY BE GOING
TO SPRING A SURPRISE
Training and Drawing Teachers' Associa
tion who are directing its affairs are:
James E. Addicott of San Jose, , Edward
T. Hewitt of San Francisco, Ronald P.
Gleason of Oakland, Paul A. Garln of San
Francisco an^L W. A. Tenney of Fresno.
Training and Drawing Teachers' Associa
tion recently held a meeting to formulate
Elans for their, participation In the next
tate teachers' convention. .This section
Intends to have an interesting exhibit of
work in all the grades of manual training
and drawing. Many eminent speakers
will also present their views on education,
al subjects. The members of the Manual
The advisory board of the . Manual
Plans for Teachers' Convention.
Manuel Lopez, Antonio Lopez and Manuel
Joseph, members of the crew of the bark
entine Pltcairn, filed a libel yesterday in
the (United States District Court against
the vessel to recover $620 alleged to be due
as wages. -. *_ .
Suit for Sailor's Wages.
Mrs. P. E. Cregra of New York and Miss
Vareta Tatum of Jamestown, New York,
tourists, were robbed on the Southern
overland, which arrived in this city yes
terday. The ladies possessed a traveling
fund of $500 and had it under the pillow
of their sleeping berth. They thought the
money entirely safe, but when they awi*:e
in tho morning they found to their dis
may that the purse was gone. The car
porter gave a rather peculiar statement
of the manner of the disappearance of the
money receptacle. He stated that he
saw the purse on the floor in front of the
berth occupied by the ladies, but did not
pick it up or notify them of the fact.
The unfortunate ladies arrived at the
Palace with their traveling fund reduced
to $4, but a telegram to the East removed
their embarrassment. They have made
claims against the Pullman Car Company,
but what action that corporation will take
remains to be seen. -
Two "Women Tourists Bobbed While
Traveling in a Pullman Palace
Car.
PURSE WENT GLIMMERING
WHILE THEY SLUMBERED
City Attorney Lane Decides in Favor
of Health Officer O'Brien
and Others. " . .
The City Attorney advised the Super
visors yesterday that they have the power
to pay claims of city officials for services
rendered outside of official duties. " The
opinion grows out of the demands pre
sented by Health Officer O'Brien and Drs.
Rethers, Lustlg and .Windele, Insanity
Commissioners, for expert testimony i in
court. The provision of the charter that
salaries shall be In full compensation for
all services rendered by city officials can
not apply to the Insanity Commissioners,
who are not charter officers, but > hold
under the general law.' Nor can it apply
to any charter officer as to services not
rendered in his otlicial capacity.
In accordance with the opinion, the Su
pervisors' Judiciary Committee decided
vesterday to recommend the claims to the
board.
The City Attorney also advises the
board that It has the power to, appoint a
Japanese interpreter, • but he cannot be
assigned, to the Superior courts, as the
number of .interpreters; shall not - exceed
five, and they have all been appointed.
MAY RECEIVE PAY FOR
UNOFFICIAL SERVICES
After visiting the medical centers of
Europe Dr. T. A. Rottanzl'has resumel
practice at 143 Stockton street, corner cf
Gear}" hours 1 to 3 and 7 to S p. ra. •
Tried to Hob Telephone Box.
A young man giving his name as Alex
ander Coblln was caught last night wnlie
in the act of opening the telephone box
in. the Louvre. He "was taken to the City
Prison, where he was locked up in the
tanks pending further investigation.
BOHEMIANS MUST
NOT PLAY POKER,
SAY DIRECTORS
Order Believed to Be the
Result of a Quarrel
Over the Cards.
There is to be no more poker playing
in the Bohemian Club. Notices were con
spicuously placed in different parts of tho
club yesterday signed by tho directors,
calling the members' attention to the fact
that in the future the rule would be en
forced.
The officers and the members • of the
club are very reticent about the new rule
prohibiting gambling In the club being
held down so rigidly, but it is beginning
to leak out that the motive of the direc
tors' action Is a little episode in which
Edwin Stevens, the comedian, formerly of
the Tivoll, figured. Stevens was not a
member of the Bohemian Club, but still
he was a constant visitor there. In fact,
he went up to the jinks in the redwoods
with the rest the early part of this month.
He left for the East in the beginning
of this week to fill an engagement in New-
York. One night just before he left while
he was engaged in a game of poker at
the club he became in%'olved In a quarrel
with some of the members who were
playing with him. It is said that the lie
was passed and that the game broke up In
disorder. This is, so say some of the
members, the reason the directors have
stopped poker in the club.
Any way, the order is that there shall
be no gambling in the club, and the
officers In enforcing this order are merely
acting up to the rules which have been
In effect for several years.
snaps. This money he has always claimed
—and so have the victims themselves— he
paid over to Conroy. At the last sessSon
of the Grand Jury Wllber promised to
produce witnesses who actually saw him
pay the money over to the man supposed
to be manipulating the scheme— Conroy.
The non-appearance of either \\ liber or
his witnesses caused a startling rumor to
circulate around the Grand Jury waiting
room to the effect that Wilber intended to
await an indictment at the hand3 of the
Grand Jury and then "spring^ his mys
terious witnesses on the Superior Court,
to his complete vindication and conroy s
discomfiture. ,
There were half a dozen and more wit
nesses, all victims of the frauds, who told
the Grand Jury their troubles yesterday.
Their testimony was practically Identical,
in that they had all paid money for posi
tions they had never obtained.
Paris Kilburn, president of the Board
of Harbor Commissioners, was subpenaed.
but as he knew nothing about the case
he was not long detained. Attorney
Cleve-land Dam was questioned in regard
to Wilber's non-appearance and stated
that Wilber had promised him to produce
the witnesses in Dam's office, which had
not yet been done. .
"Jack" Tyrell, one of the employes of
the Internal Revenue office, also told what
he knew, which was not apparently much,
for he was in the room a very short time.
After hearing a few of the victims stor
ies the Jury took the matter under con
sideration until next Friday night. .
The last few weeks of James Taylor
Rogers' life have not proved altogether
a primrose path for the man witn the
skull cap; indeed the devious ways
which he has trod or been driven with
hardened heart and silenced tongue have
been paved with something a good deal
tougher than the springtime flower. His
sojourn beneath the halls where justice
is dispensed, while waiting for his sudden
affliction of dumbness to be lifted .from
him many have caused him to desire to
shake San Francisco's dust from off his
"Congresslonals."
Again the law business is bad— very bad
—particularly of late. There is poor Jack
Chretien; things have not prospered with
him; and there are others. The decay of
the legal profession may have caused
Rogers to throw to the winds, or rather
second-hand dealers, his tomes. > ¦
However buny conjecture is with his
name, James Taylor Rogers sits in his
home at 3333 Washington street, a "world
of strife shut out," and denies all knowl
edge of having -sold his books or dis
charged his stenographer.
When seen last night that young lady
paid Rogers had told her not to come to
the office after the 1st #f September, giv
ing as a reason that his business was not
what it used to be, wnich . is very prob
able. In the meantime there are no few
people in San Francisco who will watch
with breathless interest in which direc
tion the dumb attorney will make his next
move — out of law or out of San Francisco.
These two significant happenings indi
cate a move of some kind, either of lo
cality or profession, on the part of some
one. ¦who is shrewdly conjectured by his
friends and enemies to be no less a per
son than James Taylor Rogers. The old
gentleman himself says he does not in
tend either to move away or to quit the
law business, but the fact remains his
law library is sold. And a lawyer without
books is about as much good as a liar
without a memory.
Out in a flat at 213A Valencia street
Miss Ada L. Belvel, stenographer, sat
with a tear-blistered letter in front of
her. The letter head read "James Taylor
Rogers." The message it contained, put
briefly, was "Your services are no longer
required."
At Holmes' Book Store last night a
young man piled calf-lined law books into
shelves. On the back of- each book was
a neat label bearing the inscription
"James Taylor Rogers." The young man
had 200 of these books to pile. They com
prised the complete law library of the old
gentleman with the tongue trouble, and
had but Just been removed from his of
fice in the Donohoe building.
James Taylor Rogers Puts
Himself Into Light
Marching Order.
TYPEWRITER IS
DISCHARGED AND
BOOKS ARE SOLD
Maguire is not so sure regarding the
opening of the streets in the territory
bounded by Kentucky, Mariposa, Penn
sylvania avenue and Channel streets, ex
cepting Sixth and Sixteenth streets, which
were closed in 1S92 bv ordinance of the
Supervisors. The streets were ordered
vacated on the petition of the Southern
Pacific Company and it Is doubtful if the
city has any power to rescind the ordi
nance. The Street Committee will at Its
next meeting resubmit the question to
City Attorney Lane.
"I am growing impatient at tho delay
in the injunction proceedings." said Ma
guire yesterday. "The case was to have
been heard on August 20. but was con
tinued. My plan contemplates the or
ganization of a club whose object will
be to press the question of the removal of
the tracks to a conclus-Ion."
Maguire believes that there will be no
difficulty In proving to the satisfaction
of the court that the tracks are a nui
sance. He Is prepared to bring an in
definite number of witnesses to testify
that the clanging of bells, shrieks of
whistles, etc., interferes with the comfort
and peace of the surrounding residents.
It has not been decided whether the suit
will be brought by the city or by a tax
payer.
Maguire says he is determined to com
pel the corporation to take up the rails
and use its "cut off" along the bay shore.
After careful consideration of the propo
sition and the various interests involved
he has come to the conclusion that a suit
declaring the tracks a nuisance is the
proper method of procedure. In the event
that the court so decides, the Board of
Supervisors is clothed with the power to
pass an ordinance abating it. '
Commissioner Maguire of the Board of
Public Works Is having the necessary pa
pers prepared to have the Superior Court
decide if the Mission tracks are a nui
sance. Maguire chafes at the prospective
delay which will undoubtedly attend the
trial of the injunction proceedings brought
by the Southern Pacific Railway Com
pany against the ordinance passed by
the Board of Supervisors directing the
Board of Public Works to tear up the
tracks. This direction -was contingent up
on the failure of the corporation to re
move the tracks within a certain specified
time. The injunction proceedings resulted
and now Maguire fe3rs that it will be
several years before the right of the Su
pervisors to order the removal of the
tracks will be determined.
Maguire Having the Papers
Prepared to Settle
Controversy.
COURT TO PASS
ON NUISANCE OF
MISSION TRACKS
Dr. -Clark, who was called to attend
Stone just before he died, said last night:
"I was in my office when somebody told
me I was wanted at 240 Taylor street to
attend a man who was very sick. . I im
mediately went to the place and found
Stone in a dying condition. Thinking he
wag suffering with, heart trouble I gave
him a hypodermic injection, but he col
lapsed shortly afterward. I did not
notice any. symptoms of poisoning."
Stone gained considerable notoriety
some time ago through his connection
with a troupe of Filipinos, who had been
Imported here to take part at the Me
chanics' Fair. Representing that he was
possessed of great wealth he engaged the
troupe to give exhibitions throughout the
country. He first installed the Filipinos
in the Palace Hotel, but as he failed to
pay their bills they were ejected. He
threatened to sue the manager of the ho
tel for damages, but marched the Fili
pinos to the Bush-street Theater, which
was unoccupied, and told them to make
themselves at home. The lessee of the
theater, on learning that Stone and his
troupe had taken possession of the play
house, had them forcibly removed. by the
Sheriff. On the same night fire, broke out
In the- theater and almost destroyed it.
Suspicion was directed against- Stone, as
it was claimed that he had remarked that
he would set fire to the place in order to
be revenged. He was arrested, but was
subsequently released for lack of evi
dence.
Pound Stone Dying.
Immediately after Stone had breathed
his last his body was removed to the
Morgue, where an autopsy revealed, a
quantity of blood In the stomach. As a
precautionary measure. Dr. Leland, who
performed the autopsy, had the stomach
sent to Chemists Morgan and Green for
analysis. Last evening they reported
that they had discovered cyanide of
potassium In sufficient quantities to have
caused death. The heart was found to
be dilated and the liver in anything but
a healthful condition.
"It must be a mistake that poison caused
his death. He was the last man in the
world to commit such a rash act. For
many months he complained of pains
around his heart, hut attributed it to in
digestion. I am convinced that when the
truth is known it will he found that heart
failure caused his death and not cyanide
of potassium."
Must Be a Mistake.
"Realizing he was seriously ill. I sum
moned two men who were passing and
asked thorn to assist in removing my hus
band to our house, but they refused. Just
then another man, who was dressed in the
garb of a laborer, volunteered to assist
mo, and together we carried Mr. Stone
into the house. As he seemed to be dying
I sent for DK Clark, who has an office at
201 Taylor street, and he lost no time in
coming. A few minutes after his arrival
my husband breathed his last. I am sat
isfied that he did not commit suicide, as
we have always lived happily together.
He was devoted to his family and seemed
to live for them alone. When he gave me
the cup of coffee he was in a laughing
mood, and seerrted even happier than ever.
"Why, only a short time before he was
seized with the fatal attack," tearfully re
marked Mrs. Stone last night, "he walkea
into my bedroom and gave me a cup of
coffee. He seamed particularly cheerful,
and after leaving me .he kissed our eldest
(laughter, which was his usual custom
before leaving tho hou?e. A few minutes
later he walked outside, taking our little
daughter with him. They were not gone
long when the child came running into the
house with tho startling intelligence that
'papa ¦ had fainted.' I ran outside and
found my husband half-lying on the stairs
leading from the upper flat."
; "Colonel" Walter E. Stone, who died
suddenly at his home, 240 Taylor street,
last Wednesday, presumably from heart
disease, is supposed, according to the re
port of the city chemist, which was filed
with Coroner Cole last evening, to have
committed suicide. An examination of his
stomach revealed a sufficient quantity of
cyanide of potassium to have caused
death. The widow and daughters of the
dead man ridfcule the theory of suicide.
Late Manager of Filipino
Troupe May Have Com
mitted Suicide.
POISON FOUND
IN STOMACH OF
"COLONEL" STONE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, AUGrTJST 25, 1900.
The service for men at the Young Men's
Christian Association. Mason and Ellis
streets, to-morrow afternoon at 3 will be
eddressed by Rev. H. H. Avery, D.D.
Service for Men.
Mark and Webster held a conference
¦vesterday regarding the purchase of sup
plementary readers to the value of $6000.
The contract with the Whitaker-Ray
Company called for a 2\i per cent dis
count. Webster claims that the firm
quoted the retail instead of the ¦whole
tale price, thus making the cost about
20 per cent higher in favor of the firm.
Mark Kays he will Insist on a full com
j»llance with k.he understood terms of the
contract.
The trial of Knowlton on the chargres
E referred by Mrs. Frances Banning will
e commen<?f-d next Monday morning by
the board. The statement filed by Knowl
ton In reply to Mrs. Baonlng's charges
will be thoroughly gone into and if his
t-xplanation? are found to be satisfac
tory he will be reinstated. If not his
suspension will be merged into a dismis
sal. The trial of the deaf teacher will
SlXbo be taKen up and «-er fate decided
upon.
Chairman Mark expressed himself him
self yesterday as not being entirely in
sympathy with Superintendent Webster's
enrollment Kcheduie. He says that where
classes are capable of accommodating
sixty pupils they will be filled up to the
quota. There was no intention, however,
<jf putting sixty pupils in a classroom
which had desks for only fifty. Inci
dentally Mark discussed the board's right
to suspend teachers, which Is denied by
Superintendent Webster. saying the
power was vested in the board by the
charter, which gives it the right to
c-stablish all necessary rules and regu
lations for the government and efficiency
of the schools.
It developed yesterday that Vice Prin
cipal Ebonezer Knowltoa of the Everett
Grammar School Is not the only teacher
under suspension by the School Board.
Chairman Mark admitted that there was
another who has been similarly dealt
with, but he positively refused to divulge
the name of the lady who Is under the
ban. He eald, however, that she will be
Investigated on account of her physical
infirmities, it being alleged against her
that she Is almost totally deaf. Mark
claims that this is sufficient cause for
suspending her pending the result of the
investiga-uon.
Inquiry at the secretary's office Bhowed
only Knowlton's suspension and nothing
was known about any other. From other
fiources the names of at least two teach
ers who are very deal were ascertained,
but Mark said that neither of them was
under consideration for suspension.
Vice Principal Knowlton Is
Not the Only One Under
the Ban.
14
"WITH
; . Teas, Coffees,
Spices, Extracts,
Soda, Baking Powder
Good Time and Place to Buy
Bank Stock ledger paper makem the best books
for office use. Myfell-Rolllns, 22 Clay, makers.*
Jeese Moore "AA" whiskey. Is called for
everywhere. It is the drink of , the people.
J. Bertz reopens the Central Dining-rooms, 24
Kills. His reputation guarantees excellence. *
A Big Premium Given With
Every Purchase.
OAKLAND STORES.
10:3 Washington St. 61C E. 12th St.
12J7 Broadway. HSS 2M Ave.
1510 Seventh St. 1255 Park St.. Alameda.
B St.. near 4th. San Rafael.
MONEY-SAVING STOREb.
aO-n2 Grant Ave. (Bet. Sutter and Po«t>
kCl Market SL <Opp. PowelU.
140 Sixth St. "" **
K6S Hayes St. tlS Third St.
1419 Polk St. Mi Montgomery Art.
2516 Mission St. 705 Larkin St.
1006 Sixteenth St. 1819 Devlsadero St.
146 Ninth St. 476 Halcht St.
IOCS Flllmore St. 32S5 Mission St.
&2 Market St. 2732 J4th St. .
w tot Americai tamji Tea Ci
TO=DAY
SALE '"DAY
...AT...
HOSIERY~SPECIALS.
LADIES' POLKA-DOT HOSE, full finished,
fast colors, double heel and toe; regular
25c. To-day's price, ; 15c.
CHILDREN'S HEAVY HIBBED HOSE, ex-
treme length, double knee, heel and toe;
regular 25c. To-day's price, lSc.^
CORSET~SPECIALS
LADIES' FRENCH CORSETS, whaleboned;
our 65c quality. To-day's price, 30c.
CHILDREN'S FERRIS CORSET WAISTS, all
sizes; our 25c quality. To-day'a price, 17c.
UNDERWEAR SPECIALS.
LADIES' GRAY VESTS, fleece lined, long
sleeves; our 25c' quality. To-day's price,
IOC. •¦ . • ' . W:-Sf----
LADIES' SLEEVELESS VESTS, neck and
: armholes ribboned; our 20c quality. To-
, day's price, . 10c. ' :
ONE RIBBON" SPECIAL.
MOIRE TAFFETA, . ALL-SILK RIBBON, 3
inches wide; our 15c quality." To-day's
price, 10c yard, m
TWO VEILING SPECIALS.
All our BOc and 73c WASH VEILS. To-day's
price, 2.1c per veil.
All our 33c and 45c "BLACK VEILINGS, all
- . silk, double mesh.' Today's price, U5c
. yard.
CHILDREN'S JACKETS and SAILOR SUITS.
All our $2 00 and $2 50 JACKETS. To-day's
price, 3l._ri.
All our $3M and $4 50 JACKETS. To-day's
price, $2M*t. - ¦
SAILOR SUITS, made I of all-wool Ladles'
Cloth, In Red, 'Navy and New Blue; regular
price $5 00. - To-day's -price, 92.10.;
SILK WAISTS. '
Balance of our $5 00 and *6 00 SILK WAISTS.
To-day's price, J $2.45. .• ¦.,.; ;
HANDKERCHIEFS.
LADIES' ' LINEN HANDKERCHIEFS, hem-
stitched;, regular price 15c each. To-day's
price. 3 for 25c. - .
LADIES' MUSLIN GOWNS
...................... anc 4Sc 73c OSc
LADIESVMUSLIN CHEMISE................
- -'......' l!»c '2:tc : 4Sc - 73c
LADIES' MUSLIN DRAWERS..'..
...¦......: v.....lJ>c ' 2.%c 3.1c 4Sc
LADIES' WRAPPERS in PERCALE and
FLANNELETTE at OSc and fl.23.
1212-1214 MARKET ST.,
Bet. Taylor and Jones.
Manufacturers of Ladles* and Children's Wear.
Retailed at Wholesale Prices.
Twenty-ninth annual session. Matriculation on
credentials and entrance examination at the
College , (Affiliated Colleges) on MONDAT,
August "J7,- at 8:30 a. s m.i College work will be-
gin Wednesday. August 23.
. W. M. SEAKBT, Dean.
California College of Pharnncy
of the University or
California.
| We Are Giving
33: Premiums FfiEE
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Special Bargains Saturday and Monday.
FINEST CREAMERYlUTTER, sqaare..4Oo
Good butter ts a delicacy and
Can only be obtained at biz
. Prices. We give thebeat
And ask the least. Try and
Be convinced. Regular BOc.
Dr. Price's Baking Powder, Mb can.. 15c
Limit 2 cans. Regular 25c
BEST CITY EGGS, dozen .30c
What Is best la best at all
Times. Our Egrs are gathered
Daily from the Mission. Regular S3cl
OUR BEST Mocha and Jaia COFFEE.. 25c
By special request we again
jrire the public a chance to
Get the best Coffee. Regular SSa.
FETALUMA Strictly Fresh E66S, doz.22is
Guaranteed. Regular tV/bc.
TC* Pn«iish Breakfast. Oolong. Uneolar*4 Aftn
ItH) Japan. *tuv»
New arrival. Regular 60c lt>.
IMPORTED SARDINES. Mb can 20c
Extra fine. Regular 23c ' • '
MACARONI. VERMICELLI, box 20c
Spaghetti. Regular 25c.
6i]irard?!ii's Ground Chocolate, Mb can 25c
Limit 2 cans. Regular 30c
IMPORTED GINGER ALE. dozen.... $1.20
From (Corry & Co.) Belfast. Regular fl 80.
DUFFY PURE MALT WHISKEY 75c
6H!RARDELU f S COCOA, Mb can — 20c
Limit 2 cans. Regular 25c.
RYE and BOURBON WHISKEY, gal.. $2.50
Pure and good. Regular $3 SO.
134-8-1354- MARKET STREET.
Opp. 7th. 'Phone S. 291 No Branch Storm
GETTING IT THROUGH
HIS HEAD.
It Is hard to convince a man when ha
sees the beautiful glos^ we lay on the
Immaculately clean shirt bosoms, collars
and cuffs of his friends that they are not
new, as he always supposed, but are
••done up" by the first-class methods In
use at our laundry.,' Our domestic finish
is the correct thing for $ull dress shirts.
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
Office 1OO4 Market Street.
Near PowelL
Telephone— South 42O.'
Oatcland Office— 62 San Pablo Ave.
¦DRJ1GNULTY.
niHIS WELL-KNOWN AND RELIABT.TCOLB',
A Specialist ciwm Private, Nervou.% and Blood Us. i
e.-i*e* of M>'ii only. 15i.<>.; on l'rivace 1/tsease* att&*
Wesdcnewies of .Uen.frw. Over -Oy'rV experience
Paticntscurwiat Home. Terms reasonable. Hour-:'
lo3iln!>y:a.30to8:;»ev'K*. Sundays, lf> to 12. Consul-
tation free and sacredly confidential. Call, or address
P. KOMCOK McXUI.TY. 51. D.
2GJi Kearny St.. Man Francisco. Cal.
Thlr.k for a moment of the ad-
vantasec In having a
REGINA
MUSIC BOX
In your home. After dinner you
and the family sit down and lis-
ten to a number of selections, b«-
Ine anything you want, from
"coon" songs to prand opera, The
Rrf-gina will delightfully entertain
a party of friends at an evening
patherinp. The Regina's Is the
sweetest of all music produced by
: mechanical instrumrr.ts. Any
home can afford a Regina.
Visit our Itegina room — see the
rmall Retinas, the Regina Coro- •
r.as and the Orchestral Reglnas.
Sherman, Clay & Co.,
* Stsinwaj Plans Dealers,
Cor. Kearny and Sutter Sts.. S. F. : :
Cor. :2 th and Broad war. Oakland.
.•¦; - I ¦-
I in this sale success follows success, why do the JT
fli crowds come and keep coming? you know they |k
J wouldn't come for common or unworthy values. y
|f& they might come the first day, or the second, or |k
y third, but this is the fourth week — and still they W~
gr children's dresses — made of lace curtain ends— dram-
A percales, lawns and RinRhams mers' samples — removal sale £
igk —some 'are prettily trimmed price, each 20c, 25c OC r Bk
PS with braid and lace— the 50c and *J*J\* »^
V8& ones are now 28c— the 7->c \g
Jf ones 48c — the $1.00 ones unbleached sheeting* — 81 W
M 60c— the $2.00 ones.. .<£! /1Q inches wide — was 18c a i|
!& 3 « HO yard — removal sale m |&
children's linen crash sailor pnc Jm
A suits— trimmed with red pip- ... K tt • frtn T
fe\ ing and braid— removal sale leather belts in black, tan, A
Efta "'? *"" , navy, preen, brown and srarnet im
XvB P nce ' each $1.20 -nickel or covered buckles- 11
W were 50c to $1.00 each r }Ar> y
M children's linen skirts— acres —removal sale price M
Kyk 4 to 12 years — were 50c . C&
>eSf each — removal sale ->o^ mckel studded belts, ra |»
W price JmDv, black, brown and tan — VA W
J[ inches wide — were 50c to ooc Jm
/*& children's duck skirts — pret- ca ch — removal sale iQ r A
R2a tily trimmed — aces 6 to 14 price iZJl* flBl
'fegf years — were 75c each 4_Q r
jr — removal sale price... T"Ol* steel and oxidized belt dasos Jw
JL , , . ... . , . . , , — scores of different handsome A
ggk boys heavy ribbed fast black st y lcs _ werc ,- c - oc and 6=;c £&
W 5, Ott 2? , blcycI 1 e , hosc ; with each -removal sale O - n 6|
«y double knees, heels and toes — D rice
T seamless and elastic — sizes 6 to v JF
& 10-worth 20c pair— ia_ c ]adies » fancy stock collar s Mk
«|| removal sale price s^^ with bows: trimmed with lace. §&
W boys' and misses' fine ribbed p bbo " and chiffon— also taf- W
/ seamless black wool hose- f e * a *®c turn-overstock col- :.:W
|k winter weight-sizes 6 to qV 2 - lar5 with h « tnmm £ d bows— «,
W& worth 25c a pair— re- -)r|r> we ' c and 7.^c each— ig- A
W moval sale price removal sale price ilJ^ H
X misses' fine ribbed lisle Swiss flouncincrs— exquisite jgt
gg\ thread ho?e — full seamless and patterns — 42 inches wide — |g^
$;£ eja?tic — deep. jrlo??v black — were $2.25 and $2.7.1 a yard — l|m
yi sizes ; to gV 2 — removal |Q r removal sale price C| \(\
1 sale price iyC W
Hale's.
Hale's.