SUMMARY WAY OF DEALING
WITH LOOTERS OF DEAD
BODIES.
TWO CONSERVATIVE ESTIMATES
PLACE LOSS OF LIFE AT 2000
AL'STTN. Tex.. Sept. 12.— Governor Savers to-day made the following state
ment to the Associated Press correspondent on the Galveston flood «;'tua
tion:
"Conditions at Galve«=ton are fully as bad as reported. Communica
tion has been re-established between the Island and the mainland, however, and
hereafter transportation of supplies will be less difficult. The work of clearing
the city is progressing fairly well, and Adjutant General Scurry, under direc
tion of the Mayor, is j>»trolHng the "city for the purpose of preventing depreda
t!ons. The most conservative estimate as to the number of deaths Is 2000. Con
tributions from citizens of this State and also from other States are coming In
rapidly and liberally, and it Is confidently exDeoted that within the next ten
<5ay* the work of restoration by the people of Galveston will have begun in good
ea.rr.est and with energy and success. Of course the destruction of property has
been very great, not less than J10.00Q.M0. but it is hoped and believed that even
this ereat loss will be overcome through the energy and self-reliance of the
people."
During the day the contributions have fairly deluged the Governor more
than flOO.000 having been received. Among the large contributors are to be noted
•.ho Standard Oil Company with $10,000. the St. Louis Commercial Club for a
Ike amount and the Huntlngton interests for $5000.
This afternoon Governor Sayers received the following offlclal report from
>neral Manager Triea of the International and Great Northern Railway He
* conducting the operations of the relief corps at Galveston
"HOUSTON. Tex.. Sept. 12.-The cars containing the tents and rations were
ttrrned over to the barge line this morning and forwarded to Galveston arrant
inents here having been made for all freight to be handled" by barges hauled bv '
tugs from Clinton to Galveston, and passengers by our line to Texas Cltv and bv
boats from Texas City to Galveston. This is the best arrangement that c£n be
made and it prevents delay to either the freight or the passenger service for
If we handled the freight with the passengers to Texas City the transfer 'from
the cars to the boats would cause too much delay to the passenger sr rvlr e w<!
brought in one train consisting of about 200 Galveston people to-dav and Jm LVf
another tralnload !n by to-night, mostly women and children which will rn/iTn
about COO that re will get out of Galveston to-day. The passenger and freight
service between Houston and Galveston Is all free for sufferers and we aii l«m
!np transportation to all points north of Houston to all sufferers not able to a "
The following report was also received from Adjutant General Scurrv
"GALVESTON. Tex., Sept, 12.-Mayor of Houston ordered Houston mllltarv'
companies here; sixty-five men and officers came; thirty more come «o-morrnw
Mayor of GalveFton directed me to take command. Streets patrolled forth
purpose of preventing thieving. Work of clearing the city progressing well mw
conservative estimate made of deaths 2000." ' 6 "' -* losl
Governor Bayers to-day began receiving rer>orts from various nolnts »!„„
the gulf coastn which would indicate that there has been great pronei-tv *n
dene for several hundred miles, and that the ltet of Galveston fatalities and siiT*
foring will be largely augmented. Down' the coast from Galveston the town of
Dickinson was laid waste and five people killed. The town of Alvin Alta 1,0m-,
Texas City and Brookshire are wrecked and hundreds are destitute. Rich *
is bo badly demolished that it will require weeks to clear the town Missouri
City and Stafford, Just opposite, were entirely demolished and the few' people re
maining at those places have no homes to cover their heads. Bay City in Ma"
tagorda County. Is reported wrecked, with much loes of life, though no ofnVlni
report has been made to that effect. Patton, Rollover. Bolivar Point Quintan
Sugarland, Belleville, Wharton, Falrview, Missouri City, Sartartla, Arcola and
El Campo are also reported heavy sufferers, both In point of property, destroyed
and lives lost.
Owinir to the fact that telepraph service !s still badly crippled. Governor Say
rrn cannot ascertain the exact number of dead at the points named, but It Is ap
proximated at WX).
Reports reaching the Governor show that the railroads, telegraph and tele
phone companies have suffered an Immense loss by the storm. The Governor
wa? informed to-day that quite a number of tugs from New Orleans and other P
available points had either arrived or were en route to Galveston, and by Satur
day th* transportation problem would be solved »o far as getting people from the
island to the mainland was concerned.
Hundreds applied again to-day to Governor Sayers for permits to go to Gal
veston. but he refused all. saying that there were already too many people there
and in case of emergency the local managers of the relief corps were better abl«
to act on their discretion than if dictated to by him. : .._-- "
Quartermaster General. Washington: Refer
ring to my telejrrams of 9th »nd 10th. I have,
subject to approval, suspended Fort Crockett
construction contracts and ajraln urgently re
commend that the contractors be paid for la
bor and material In plac* and on irround. all
swept «.way and lost beyond recovery. Fortifi
cations at Crockett. Jacinto and Travis alt de
stroyed and cannot be rebuilt on present «lte.
Recomirend continuance &! my office here only
long enough to recover Crockett office safei and
morning gun. when located: also to close ac
counts and ahlp my office and property where
directed. I fear Galveston is destroyed beyond
its ability to recover. Loss of life tad prop
erty appalling.
BAXTER. Quartermaster.
"WASHINGTON. Sept. 12.— Tho Quarter
master's Department has received the fol
lowing from Galveston:
FORTIFICATIONS ARE
LOST BEYOND RECOVERY
"With regard to resumption of direct rail
communication with the Island no one can
tell when it will take place. The Santa
Fe, the Missouri. Kansas and Texas, the
International and Great Northern and the
Galveston, Houston and Henderson have>
decided to construct a temporary bridge
for joint use. and the Southern Pacific
may eventually join in the enterprise.
MHitla detachments have been sta
tioned at Texas City and Vlrglna Point
to prevent the passage of persons who
have no business in Galveston. Eighty
three bodies had been buried at Texas
City up to last night. All of these floated
In from the island. Probably 200 bodies
have been recovered and burled at Vir
ginia Point. -. - v
HOUSTON. Tex., Sept. 12.— Refugee*
continue to reach Texas City Junction
from Virginia Point, all telling harrowing
stories which vary only, in detail. The
situation appears worse as time pro
gresses. What is most needed Is means of
transportation across the bay to bring out
the homeless and destitute.
SOLDIERS TO KEEP OUT
IDLERS FROM GALVESTON
Mr. Van Vleck, manager of the South
ern Pacific Railroad, authorized the com
mittee to draw on the company for 15000.
Mr. Van Vlerk returned to Houston to
send a bargeload of supplies. The Gal
veston. Houston and Henderson Rallroadi
Is operating relief trains over Us line to
Texas City Junction and thence over the
Texas City Terminal to or nearly to
Texas City.
The situation In the city to-day is that
there are plenty of volunteers for this
service, but an insufficiency of arms.
There have been two or three small riots,
but the officers have managed to quell
them. The committee rejected the propo
sition of trying to pay for work, letting
the laborers secure their "own rations. It
was jdeclded to go ahead Impressing men
Into service. If necessary. Issuing orders
for rations only to those who worked or
were unable to work. All of the ward
chairmen reported the Imperative need of
disinfectants. A committee was appointed
to sequester all the disinfectants in the
city, including the lime which escaped
wetting, and to secure more. Jlouston
was called upon for a bargeload \f lime.
The relief committee was greatly encour
aged by the offer of the White Screwmen's
Association tendering the services of Its
50) members. They were placed at the
disposal of the various ward chairmen
and foremen appointed for each division.
QALVESTON. Tex.. Sept. 12. 2 p. m.
(via Texas City and Houston 6
p. m.).— At a meeting of the relief
committee held this morning re
ports were received from the various
wards. The chajrrcan called for armed
men to assist in getting labor to bury th*
dead and clear the wreckage, and arrange
ments were made to supply this demand.
MEN IMPRESSED
INTO SERVICE
AT GALVESTON
WOUXD CALX LEGISLATURE.
Special Plsnatch to The Call.
GALVESTON. Tex.. Sept. 12.-D'strict
Judge W. II. Stewart has telegraphed
Governor Savers, asking him to convene
the Legislature in special session to make
a large appropriation for the relief of
Galveston. ,. ¦'-:•"»;•¦•: -"-J
--TOUSTOX, Tex. Sept 12.-rne
ghouls have teen holding an
orRie over the dead at Galveston.
The majority. of those men wete
nrgroos, hut whites took part In
the desecration of the dead. Some of
them were natives and some had been al
lowed to go over from the mainland under
the guise 'of "relief" workers. Not only
did they rob the dead, but they mutilated
bodies in order to secure their ghouli&b
booty. A party of ten negroes were r«
turninpr from a looting expedition. Th»y
had strlnpod corpses jf all valuables and
the pockets of some of the looters wrr°
fnirly bulging out with fingers of the d*ad
which had boon cut off because they were
•¦¦•o swollen the rlngj could not be? re
moved.
Incensed at this desecration and mutila
tion of the dead the looters were shot
down, and it has boon determined that all
found robbing the dead shall be summar
ily dealt with. Tn robbing the dead ears
were also stripped from the head in order
to get the jewelry. A few Government
troops who survived- and private citizens
have been- patrolling the city and/have
endeavored to prevent the robbing of tho
dead and on several occasions have killed
offenders. It is- said that at one time
eight were killed and at another time
four. . Altogether the total of those thus
executed exceeds fifty.
¦ Twelve negroes were shot by order o?
a court-martial. Their pockets were
found to be full of human fingers and
jewelrvof which the, dead were stripped.
DALLAS. Tex., Sept. 12.— W. H. Mc-
Grath manager of the - Dallas - 'Electric
Company, reached Dallas to-day direct
from Galveston last night. He said:
"Vandalism at Galveston has been hor
rible. The most rigid ..enforcement cf
martial law has not been able to suppress
It entirely. Adjutant General Scurry's
men have arrested a hundred or • more
negrofs. Forty-three of tbes\ found
with effects taken from dead bodies, were
ordered tried by court-martial. They
were convicted and ordered shot. One
negro had twenty-three fingers with rings
on them In his pocket."
NEGRO GHOULS
ARE SHOT WHILE
ROBBING BODIES
water Increased the force and speed ot the
?ea .that washed over the city.
Mayor Jones said this afternoon he esti
mated the Ios3 of life In and around Gal
veston-at 5000.
JCUUS FERGET,
CHARLES BOSS.
T"). BOSS.
MRS. FRITZ FEITHER.
K.VGLEHART.
MRS W. J. JOHNSTON and two children.
MRS. JOHN' HOLLAND.
MR. and MRS. CHARLES LAWSOX and
child.
HENRY ZEIDEXSTRICKER.
MR. and MRS. WILLIAM ROEHM and six
children.
IHARLFS SCHl'LTE.
CHARLES C. O'DECKER.
MRS. H. DKNXIXG and three chlldnn
ALFRED LUDWIG. mother and sister-in-law.
RICHARD DUNNING.
MRS. HIOGINS. -
A. GOETHE nnd wife.
JOE MANTLET, mother and two nieces. •
MR. MAN LEY SR.
RAVEY family.
A. ALRERTSOX and wife.
MRS. OSCAR LIXDQUIST and three chil
dren.
Mrs. LACKEY'S father and mother.
MRS. PARK and two daughters.
P, LEVIN and family.
MRS. JACK ARDSOX nnd nine children.
MRS. HOLMES, colored, school teacher.
HENRY DIREKES nnd family.
Fixe nf FIEGEL family.
A DALAI 1) B ULRIGE. colored.
JORDAN THESVANT.
MRS. E. C WILLIAMS, colored.
PROFESSOR WEISS.
W. R. JONES and child.
HENRY J. LABATT.
MRS. LUCY GREEN.
MATILDA WOODROW.
MOLLTE VAX LIEW.
ROBERT HUGHES.
MRS. WASHINGTON: "
"GRANDMA" CUNET, mother of the I«t8
Wrizht Cuney.
ACNES LEWIS.
-GEORGE ALPIN and wife.
FRED DAY.
ANNIE SCOTT.
BEN . FORD.
PKOFESSOR GIBSON and family
MRS. ELLA PINER.
EFFIE HARRIS.
EDITH RANDOLPH.
- MRS. KING.
CELIA WARREN.
MR. and MRS. GABE LEWIS.
ALEXANDER HELL, wife, two sons and
one daughter.
¦ MR. and MRS. WEBBER.
WILLIAM LYLE, grandmother and sister.
MRS. POWERS and child.
MRS. AUGUST FRANK and daughter.
FRANK SHAW.
JI11S. EVANS and two daughters.
MRS, LUCY BERGER.
WILLIAM YEAGER. ?
CHARLES SCHULZ.
KRED SCHULZ and wife.
MR. and MRS. AUGUST JEFFER BROOK
GEORGE AGIN.
MRS. SMITH and baby. ...
MON EY NEEDED TO FEED
AND CLOTHE 25,000 PEOPLE
GALVKSTONvSe.pt. 12.— To the Associated Press: "We are receiving numerous telegrams of condolences and offers
of assistance. As the telegraph wiresare burdened, we beg the Associated Press to communicate thisl response to
all. Nearby. cities are supplying and will supply sufficient food, clothing, etc., for immediate needs. Cities further
away, can serve us best by sending money. Checks should he made payable to John Sealey. chairman of the finance
committee^ All supplies, shouldcome to W. A. McVittie. chairman of the relief committee. We have 25,000 peo
ple to clothe, and , feed for many- weeks and to furnish with household goods. Most of these are homeless and '•• the
others will require, money to, make;. their, wrecked; houses habitable. From this the world may understand how much
money we need. This committee' will' from time; to ;¦ time report our needs with more particularity. • We refer to dis
patches of this, date of R..G. Lowe, which* the: committee fully indorse. All communicants will please accept this In lieu
fof direct response, and be assured of the heartfelt gratitude of 'the. entire population!
W.C.- JONES (Mayor), M. LASKER.J. D.' SKINNER, C.H.McMASTER. R. Q. LOWE. CLARENCE OWSLET. Com
mittee.;.- ' ¦ -. ; ' ¦ • \ . _•¦"•• ¦ . ¦¦-¦'•¦ ¦ ¦
to pier on the railroad bridge and at each
he rested.
In the Bolivar Lighthouse, which stands
130 feet high on Bolivar Point, Across the
bay from Galveston, about 150 peoplt
sought refuge from the storm Saturday
evening. Many were unfortunates whose
homes had been swept by the hutricar^
and others residents of Galveston who
had come to the bay shore. In frnr.tic ef
forts to reach Galveston and their fam
ilies. The refugees spent an awful night |
in the litrhthnuso Saturday night. The
supply of fresh water wan soon exhausted
and an effort was. made to secure water
by catching rainwater In buckets sus
pended at the top of the* lighthouse. The
experiment was a success In a way, but
it demonstrated a remarkable incident of
the force of the wind. The bucket was
soon Oiled with water, but it was sally
and could not be, used. The salt watt r
spray was shot skyward over 130 feet and
mingled with the rain water that fell m
the .buckets. From" the top cf the light
tower several of the more venturesome
storm sufferers viewed the destructive
work of tho wind on Galveston Island.
Twelve- dead bodies were recovered near
the liphthor.se. '
Mr. Mutti. a storekeeper, lost his life
after n display of uncommon heroism.
Whr-n she storm surrek tho city he hitched
up a one-horp« curt nnd started out to
rescue Ills neighbors. Cartload after cart
load he carried in safety to a fire company
house. On three-occasions the cartload of
! human beings, some half dead, others
crazed with fright, was carried for blocks
by the raging currents, but he landed all
of them saftly even to his last iead. when
he met his t'.eath. -As he attempted to
pass into tho building on his last trip the
firehoure succumbed to the wind and col
lapsed. ..Some of the wreckage struck
Mvtli and he was mortally Injured.
The official records of the United States
Weather Bureau give some valuable In
formation about the storm. Unfortunately
the recording instruments were destroyed
or crippled beyond operation about "5:1Q
o'clock Saturday evening. The wind gauge
recorded a two-rrilnute blow at the rate
of 100 miles an, hour and was then demol
ished by the hurricane, which continued
to increase In violence.
While the. exact velocity of the wind
was not recorded after the destruction of,
the Instruments, the Weather Bureau re
ports estimate* the maximum velocity nf
between 110 and 120 miles .in hour. It did
not maintain, this terrific rate for anv
length of time— perhaps, for half a min
ute—but It was Fiifflclont to wreck anv-'
thing that met the.full force of tho storm
A,' journal of the local ¦ office of ¦ the
Wonther Bureau contains a report of an
apparent tidal wave of four feet which
swept In from the gulf between the houra
of 7 nnd 8 p. m. 'At that time the wind
veered to. the. southeast, and there was a
tide of live feet and a terrible swell In
the gulf during the storm, and before the
tidal wave of four feet rose this wall of
DISTRIBUTION OF FOOD AT GALVESTON.
GALVESTON. Sept. 12. 2 p. m., via
Texas City ani Houston. C p. m.—
Mayor Jones has announced that
Adjutant Gentinl Scurry would
take charge of the situation with
the soldiers and dtlzen soldiery. The
city is patrolled by about 23J0 policemen,
special policemen. soKHers and Deputy
Sheriffs. Deputy Chief of Police Amund-
Fen is acting as Chief. Chief of PMI.-e
KeU'hum Is engaged in other work out
side r>f the Police Dcrartmor.t. Sheriff
Thomas has charge of the Deputy Sher
iffs and special deputies, and J. It. Haw
!ey Is In command of the military forces
guarding property and protecting: the In
habitants during the disturbed state of
affairs.
Orders were issued to the soldiers and
police to kill any person caught in the act
of. robbing the dead. Up to Tuesday
morning seven necro vandals had been
discovered and had p^id the penalty of
their crimes with their lives. They were
shot dead., and thoir hodies were carted
away with dead victims of the storm.y
No liquor 13 permitted to be soi. under
any circumstances unless ordered by the
chairman of one. of the. committees or by
a physician, who must state it Is to be
used for medical purposes. All persons not
having business on the street? after dark
must be identified.' Unless Identification Is
forthcoming they are arrested. No person
is allowed to work In or 'about any, build
ins unless he has a written permit from
the police. No person is permitted to car
ry furniture or other property through th3
streets unless he has a written permit
from the proper authorities. *
The Police Department has Issued strict
orders, which will be enforced to the let
ter, to clear the city of- all the outside
sporting element. No gambling is permit
ted.
During the storm Saturday niqrht »the'
young men of the Boddlcker family, with
the aid of a skiff, rescued over forty peo
ple and tock them to the university build
ing, where they found shelter from the'
wind and waves.
People tell of retting out of their houses
just In the nick of time. They' tell of see-
Ing people struck by flying timbers and
crushed to death before their eyes. One
man was 'cut off from his family just as
he thought he had them rescued, and saw
them sink beneath the water on the other
side of a barrier. He turned in and
helped to rescue others who were In peril.'
One woman carried her live months old
babe in her arms from her house, only to
see a beam strike the child on the head,
killing it instantly. She herself suffered
a broken leg and bruised body.
Eighteen people were caught In the
Grothger grocery store and It is presumed
all were lost, as many have been reported
dead who Were known to have been In the
building, which was swept away entirely.
The firemen burled eight people south"of
Avenue "O to-day., The graves were
marked with pieces of- garments worn by
the persons. Will Love, a printer on the
Houston Post, w-ho formerly '.lived . in
Houston, swam the bay Mor.5ay ¦) tc
reach his family, t whom he found t to be
alive in Galveston. He swam from pier
CAPTAIN CLARKE
SAYS DEAD WILL
NUMBER 10,000
HOUSTON, Sept. 12.— As
indicated in dispatches
from here, the magni
tude of the calamity grows. In
their effort to guard against
extravagance or exaggera
tion, the newspaper men haM%
fallen below the facts in plac
ing the death list at about one
thousand. A boatowner of
Galveston, Captain Charles
Clarke, has been quoted by a
reliable man as saying, that
10,000 would be reached be
fore ttie mortuary list of Gal
veston nnd vicinity would bs
closed. He has been about in
boats in the waters around
Galveston day and night since
the storm and bases his state
ment on what he thus has
seen.
STRICKEN CITY
PATROLLED BY TWO
THOUSAND MEN
MRS. NATHAN MOORE.
MRS. SAM ANDERSON.
MRS. MARY SCVLL.
MRS. WILLIAMS.
MRS. THURMAN.
J. R. BROOKS.
VIRGIE LEMMON.
MRS. BLAND.
MRS. FLORENCE BLAND. color*! «n<f
seven children.
HENRT T. DAVIS SR.
FLORENCE HOMER, colored.
MRS. MILLER and five children, colored."
MRS. PINET. colored.
MRS. TRPSTMAX and three children.
IDA and CORA PATRICK.
C. CUNET.
MRS. W. T. KNOWLES and two ehl!.1r»n.
MRS. J. STHVLER and six children.
HERMAN TIX.
SARGENT.
MR. and MRS. nORFFE and two daughter*
CORINNE CARTER and family.
HERMAN MARTIN and part of family.
HARRY FREITAG.
MRS. Kl'HNEL and tvo daughters.
FRITZ WE1SEMANN.
TOM TORR.
MR. and MRS. TOUT ADAMS. eolor»d.
MRS. ALEXANDER ALLEN and five chil
dren, colored.
CY CLARK, colored.
MRS. THOMAS CALHOt'N and three chil
dren.
MRS. WARING of Chlcaso.
PERRY JASTERS and two children, colored
ROBERT McPHERSON, colored.
GEORGE ASHE SR.
GEORGE ASHE JR.
MRS. ANNIE DTTNTON.
W. DAMMELL and wife, colored, school prin
cipal.
ED M. DADE. colored.
MRS. GOTTLIEB and seven children.
JOHN MENZEL. wife and five children.
JOHN ROEBEL, wife and five children.
HERMAN VAN BUREN and three children.
R. SCHUTTE, wife and two children.
ASSISTANT CITY ELECTRICIAN WILKE.
wife and boy.
MRS. PETER HUMBF.RO and five children.
PROFESSOR RUEHRMOND, wife and two
children.
CHARLOTTE GENTRY, colored.
ADA and HATTTE ROWE, colored.
GEORGE ROWE, colored.
REV. and MRS. THOMAS W. CAIN
JOHN McGUIRE.
MRS. CHARLES R0VKES.
OTTO REUTER.
HENRY REUTER.
MRS. ANNIE CASET.
MR and MRS. TURNER,
HENRT BELL, colored.
ARTHUR P. MORSB; •»:!<, and three chil
dren. Mr. Morse was a printer on the Tribune.
BUCK LLOYD, printer, and wife.
ALBERT LUDWIG. rrlnter.
WILL RICE, proofreader Galveston New*.
wife and child, t
JOHN CHRISTIAN.
rNALVESTON, Tex.. Sept. 11 (via
v —^ Houston. Sept. 12).— The following
names are added to the death list: •
MRS. SWIGEL. and two daughters.
MRS. CHAFFEE ami child.
MItS. MART PIERSON.
ALICE PIERSON.
FRANK PIERSON.
MRS. NELSON and daughter.
MRS. JOHNSON.
FRIEDMAN, wife ar.d son.
MR. and MRS. DEMPSET. •
MRS. MARIS LEWIS, colored.
MRS. MATTIE ANDERSON.
MRS. ANDERSON.
READER family.
HOFFMAN family.
MR. and MRS. GEORGE FALKENHAGEN.
MRS. H. CLEM KUHN and two children.
WILLIE DAT.
MRS JAMES HOLLAND.
MR. and MRS. H. LOCKMAN.
SAM WILLIAMS, colored.
MRS. NATHAN MOORE.
Hundreds of Names Added to
the; Roll of Unfortunates
Who Lost Their Lives in
the Galveston Horror.
All Attempts to Bury the Dead
Abandoned and Safety of
the Living Now the Par
amount Question.
/ — \ ALVESTOX. Sept. 12,8 p. m., via Houston, midnight. —
\J{ All attempts at burving the dead have been utterly
abandoned, and bodies are now being disposed of in the
swiftest manner possible. Scores of them were buried to-day,
and hundreds were taken out to sea and thrown overboard. The
safety of the living is now the paramount question, and nothing
that may tend to prevent the outbreak of pestilence is being neg
lected. This morning it was found that large nunibers of bodies
which had been previously thrown into the bay washed back
upon the shore, and the situation was thus rendered worse than
before they were first taken in the barges and thrown into the
water.
It will now never be known how many have lost
their lives in this awful catastrophe. Mayor Jones
of Galveston thinks that the dead will amount to
7OOO and others whose opportunities for judging
are less than those of the Mayor place the number
as hi&h as 10.000.
Relief committees from the interior of the State have com
menced to arrive and, as usual, they are too large in numbers
and to a certain extent are in the way of the people of Galveston
arid an impediment to the prompt relief which they themselves
are so desirous of offering. Some of the relief expeditions have
had committees large enough to consume 10 per cent of the
provisions which they brought. The relief sent from Beaumont,
Texas, arrived this morning and was distributed as fast as pos
sible. It consisted of two carloads of ice and provisions. The
great trouble now seems to be that the people who are in
greatest need are the least likely to receive the aid. Mary of
them are so badly maimed and wounded that they are unable to
apply to the relief committee, and the committee are so over
whelmed by direct applications that they have been, unable to
fend out messengers.
The wounded everywhere are still needing the attention of
physicians, and despite every effort it is feared that a number
will die because of sheer impossibility to afford them the aid
necessary to save their lives. Every man in Galveston who is
able to walk and work is engaged in the work of relief with all
the energy of which he is capable. But despite their utmost
endeavors they cannot keep up with the increase of the miser
able conditions which surround them. Water can be obtained
by able-bodied men. but with great difficulty. Dr. Shaw of
Houston, who is busily engaged in the relief work, said to-night
that there were 200 people at St. Mary's Infirmary without wa
ter. They had been making coffee of salt water and using that
as their only beverage.
TEN THOUSAND SAID TO HAVE PERISHED IN THE
TERRIBLE TEXAS DISASTER
LXXXVIII— NO. 105.
SAN FRANCISCO, THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 13, 1900.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.WASHINGTON. Sept. 12.— The
question of withdrawing the
American troops at once from
Peking is now before the Pres
ident, and a epeedy decision is
expected and required. There are differ
f-r.ce6 among the officials In Peking on
this subject and tfce issue ls for the Pres
ident to decide. The action of the French
Government, as reported by cable dts
patehr*. in joining Russia In orders for
the withdrawal of troops has brought
about the contingency touched upon in
the reply to Russia in the following lan-
PEKING, Aug. 26 (via Taku,
Sept. 10, and Shanghai, Sept.
11). —• The Japanese found
Prince Ching, leader of the conserva
tive pro-foreign party, in the west
ern hills, twenty miles distant, and
are holding him there with the view
of a conference, and in the hope that
he may establish communication with
the Empress Dowager.
Papers have been found in the Em
peror's room at the palace containing
lists of the foreigners killed and the
foreigners' property destroyed. The
search upon the part of the allies for
Chinese troops has been suspended.
"The result of these considerations i =
that unless there Is such a general ex- i
precision by the powers in favi r ;
of continued occupation as to mod- i
try the views expressed by the;
Government of Russia and lead to a sen- ;
eral agreement for continued occupation, i
we Fhall give Instructions to the com
mander of the American forces In China
to withdraw our troops from Peking-after
due conference ¦with the other com
manders as to time and mannw of with
drawal."
Instructions to Chaffee.
General Chaffee was made acquainted
with the attitude of the Government and
was directed to hold himself in readiness
to" withdraw his troops. Undoubtedly he
has conferred with the other command
ers as to the time and manner of with
drawal, aceording fo the terms of the
note. Th«« sending of further supplies to
him has hren stopped and he now awaits
but the signal from Washington to begin
his movement. It is for the President to
give that signal. ...
The considerations now before him be
fore immediate withdrawal 'are,' first, the
fact that he is already committed in a
measure to such course: second, it is rep
resented that China im on the verge of a
terrible famine and the retention of the
troops in Pekingr. preventing as they dp
the retprn of the Chinese Government
and the supply of provisions to the cap
ital, nlaces the responsibility ; for what
threatens to be a frightful calamity upon
the powers who sanctioned the occupa
tion. On the other hand, strong: repre
sentations have been made to the Presi
dent in opposition .to withdrawal, in ad
vance of ' the ' procurement of absolutely 1
mfHcipiit guarantees for the protection of
American interests in China and for the
safety of the native Christians. This lasl
condition ls one of the most difficult to
meet; but. being insisted upon by the'mis
t-ionary element, is being given most care
ful consideration, j
Hastening Negotiations.
In anticipation of some such state of
affairs, the effort has been made to hasten
the dispatch pf preliminary negotiations.
It Is highly desirable that some respon
sible representative of the CMnese Gov
ernment be recognized In order • that we
may secure a sufficient guarantee upon
which to base the withdrawal, of our
troops. Ll Hung Chang and Prince Ching
are the only lights In the East. -so far as
our Government can see. and It is pos
sible that. the present problem: may be
solved, by'adecision to deal with 1 them im
mediately and to accept their pledge as
sufficient for our purposes. Therefore the
decision announced to-day to facilitate Li
Hung Chang's passage from Shanghai to
Peking may be regarded as significant.
Later it was announced that Consul Gen
eral Goodnow had reported that LI would
leave Shanghai next Friday for Tientsin.
His moans of transportation are not
known, but' he may have a United States
vessel if such a thing ls absolutely neces
sary to his reaching Tientsin. 'A Possibly
the negotiations may be conducted 1 there
but the opinion in official circles seems to
be that the last act In the negotiations
namely, the signatures to the treaties
which must bind China for the future'
must takc«place at the Chinese capital'
It is, not known that . any, of the powers
Hope That He May Establish Commeol=
cation With tlhs Empress Dowasrer" 3^
• •it q3)
Oeoeral Chaffee AwaSttag Orders to
'Withdraw. His: -Troops..
PRINCE CHING IS HELD
BY JAPANESE FORCES
Rare Philippine Jewels.
The rarest corals In the world are to be found
in the Philippines and have now become Amer
ican property. As precious an " this Jewel i»
there ls still a rarer one, and that is the Jewei
5 f health. It may be possessed .by any one
who -will keep the digestion active and the
bowels , regular with Hostetter' . Stomach : Bit!
tere. the. king of all remedies for lndlB-stion
Jyepepsla, constipation,- biliousness, belchlrur'
beartburn and . sleeplessness. ; Try it wlcnins>
PEKING. Sept.. n.-The Japanese have
arrested the assassin of Baron von Ket
teler, the late German Minister to China,
The assassin, who has been handed over
to the Germans by the Japanese, has con
fessed his guilt. He was arrested for try-
ASSASSIN OF BARON
V VON KETELER ARRESTED
less modified withdrawal. The Paris cor
respondent of the Morning Post claims to
know that the allies will only withdraw
outside the walls of the capital, where
they will continue to dominate Peking in
a military sense.
According to a news agency from Pe
king, dated August 31, Mr. Conger regards
the situation as deplorable and Is advis
ing all the 'Americans to leave the capi
tal if possible. The American Minister
wag in _ favor of the punitive expedition
to Paoting-Fu. According to the same dis
8?,u ' I" Amer)c an soldier killed two
Sikhs whom he caught looting.
•'The Russians." says this telegram.
have undertaken to treat with Prince
Chlng. Mr. Conger. In his private capaci
ty, has received eight Chinese who have
been Informally endeavoring to establish
friendly relations with the Ministers."
It Is rumored from Shanghai that Gen
eral lung Lu has' Joined the Empress
Dowager at Tatung In the province of
Snangsl.
T T i5t Pe , kln S correspondent of the Dally
leieKraph says: As* the allies* were
leaving the forbidden city August 2S bands
of Russians and other civilians, with sol
& overran the Imperial apartments,
forced drawers and doors and looted ev
rln !"i'H POrtabl< ;- Tn<? British officers
¦ cc J5? p ?"£l se \f r . al clvllla "s to disgorge."
Tim« ' « A nBlu !i correspondent of the
Times, wiring Tuesday, says: "Li Hang
ti«Uli e Chlng an<1 General Yunc Lu addt
vi^h 'j; eace T commissioners. He has ad-
J™= Unp L J' frankl y to confess that his
IhP fnr^r be >'0" d TJ - contro1 ftnrt attacked
the foreigners. Li Hurtcr Chang will then
ln O «£^ h^ ther \ he Rllles *¦••¦• Prepared
Ph™£ &mJ u W" 1 ' u J 19 n commissioner.
Chang chih Ting, the Wutin^ .Viceroy.
hS rV m £ I J Y ls 7 mn * tOfreturn to Pao^
P oi t $"• reluctant t6 accept the ap-
Ing to sell to a Japanese ©fficer a watch
with Initials, which he admitted taking
from the body of Baron von Ketteler.
He afterward admitted the crime, say
ing that the Imperial Government ordered
the commission of tha act.
CHINESE DEFEATED BY
BOXERS AND BIG KNIVES
BERLIN. Sept. 12.— A dispatch to the |
Frankfort Zeitung from. Shanghai, dated
Tuesday. September 11. says the Boxers,
united with the Society of the Big Knife
from Northern Shantung, are reported to
have defeated the imperial Chinese troops
north of the province of Kiangsu, which,
is south, of Shantung.
¦ ? «
LONDON, Sept. 13. 3:15 a. m— All the
correspondents in China are sending ter
rible' stories of wholesale massacres of
missionaries and native Christians. It Is
asserted that during July between 15,000
and 20.000 converts were massacred in the
northern provinces. : Large numbers of
missionaries are still unaccounted for and
small hope Is entertained of their escape.
Native reports are -subject to "the most
careful scrutiny, with the result that al
though there- may. be some exaggeration
it is impossible to doubt that in the main
they are correct. :
The horror is intensified by the con
firmation of the. reports that the women
were subjected to unspeakable barbarities
and tortures, being stripped and • slowly
clubbed to death. This was one of the
mildest methods. The Boxers wreaked
fiendish vengeance. ' ..
The newspapers . are calling loudly > for
swift punishment. ;¦ Fears are expressed
lest the Russian Government, which does
not encourage missionary propaganda,
should prove lukewarm in this matter, v
* Statements were current in the Euro
pean capitals last evening that all the
powers had replied to the Russian propo
sition ; that i Great Britain and . Germany
had declined to evacuate Peking; that
Austria and Italy had decided to be
guided by. Germany's decision , and that
the other powers had agreed to a more or
TALES OF TORTURE
FROM NORTHERN CHINA
peace in the provinces and cease outrages
upon American citizens, which have been
continued up to the present day. Reports
coming by mail are just reaching the
State Department as to some of those oc
currences.
Under date of July 31 the 'Consul of the
United States at Chefu- reports to the
State Department that advices ¦ received
from three native pastors at Shao Wu.
about 250 miles from Fuchau. and a' mis
sion station of the, American boa»-d, In
dicate that during a riot .which occurred
at Shao Wu on July 24. the large chuich
belonging to the mission one chapel, a
large hospital hulldlng, two residences, oc
cupied by the missionaries, and several
native houses were destroyed by the mob,
every article of furniture being carried
away. The Consul ?.)so states that no
loss of life is reported as having occurred
during the riot. Rev. Mr. Walker anud
Rev. Mr. Hlnman of the Shao Wu mls
tlon were at Fuchau on July 31. where
they had been for several months pre
viously.
Conditions in Provinces.
Meanwhile the State Department Is do-
Ing its best to force the Chinese Govern
ment, through Li Hung Chang, to restore
is prepared to object to LI Hung Chang's
visit.
BERLIN, Sept. 12. — A dispatch received
' here from Tientsin reiterates the state
| ment that a body of 4000 allied troops. ln
j eluding 200 men of the Fifteenth United
! States Infantry under the command of
! Major Robertson, irarched September 8
' against the cities of Sher.g Hal Sen and-
TUo, from which places Boxers threatened
Tientsin. It is pointed out that the expe
dition ha3 for Its object the clearing of
the country southwest of marauding Box
ers. The dispatch adds that according to
information furnished by Prince Chlng
the Chinese Emperor and Empress Dow
ager are at Kalgan.
Baroness von Ketteler arrived at Tien
tsin September 9. escorted by a German
naval detachment. Admiral Kltchoff
made all the necessary arrangements to
facilitate the journey of the Baroness,
who. after a visit to the United States.
will proceed to Germany.
WILL CLEAR COUNTRY
NEAR TIENTSIN OF BOXERS
morgues for identification, for it was im
perative that the dead should be got to
sea as soon as possible. Many of the
bodies taken out are unidentified. They
are placed on the barges as quickly as
possible and lists are made while the
barges are being towed to sea. A large
number of dead animals were hauled to
the bay and dumpeti in, to be carried to
sea by the tides.
One. hundred and twenty-five men work
ed all day yesterday and last night in un
covering the machinery of the water
works from the debris. It is hoped that
it will be possible to turn on the water
for a while to-day, and it la planned to
sel fire to the debris and cremate the
bodies burled under It.
Mayor Jones has given very full scope
to Chief of Police Ketchum and J. H.
Hawley, chairman of the committee on
public safety, to swear in citizens of good
j character as officers, and has told them
j that "able-bodied men must be made to
work or get off the Island. The city, he
said, was under martial law. Picket lines
have been established around the large
| stores and guards placed on duty. The
soldiers and police are instructed to shoot
any one caught looting or attempting to
loot. The Jails are full and summary
measures are necessary.
As the work of collecting bodies pro-
I ceeds and reports come In of deaths It
becomes apparent that the death list will
run much higher than was at first sup
posed. Conservative estimates place the
number of dead In the city at 5000. Other
points of the coast also suffered/ and re
ports are that the mainland, Galveston
Island and Bolivar Peninsula are strewn
I with dead.
A relief train from Houston, with 2.">0
I men on board and two carloads of provi
¦ sions. came do\^n over the Galveston,
1 Houston and Northern yesterday to with-
I In five miles of Virginia Point. It was
impossible to get the provisions -of any
considerable amount to Galveston. so the
men turned to burying the dead that were
strewn about the mainland ceuntry. It
was reported that the steamer Lawrence
had left Houston with provisions and 100,-
OoO gallons: of fresh water. There is no
fresh water famine here, as the pipes
from the supply wells are, running at the
receiving tanks. It is 'difficult, however,
to get it to parts of the city where it Is
needed.
Bridge Foreman Patterson of the Gulf
and Interstate Railroad reached Galves
ton last from Beaumont, having
BURYING BODIES
OF VICTIMS OF
THE HURRICANE
GladfltngT. Mcnenn & Co 25 Ol>
Cnptnln Henry Ulaaa, U. S. X. 15 00
J. Richard Freud 10 OO
A. D. MeiaecaeK.. IO OO
Charles F. Heal j- 5 OO
P. Nage! 5 00
QALVESTOX, Tex.. Sept. 11 (via
yacht Stella to Houston, Sept. 12).
—The good people of Galveston
are stialning every nerve to clear
the ground and secure from beneath the
debris the bodies of human beings and j
animals and to get rid of them. It Is a |
task of grc*it magnitude and is attended I
with untold difficulties. There is a short- j
age of horses to haul the dead and there
is a shortage of willing hands to perform
the gruesome work. Yesterday morning
it became apparent that It would be im- I
possible to bury the dead in long trenches
and arrangements were 'made to take
them to sta. Barges and tugs were
quickly made ready for the purpose, but
it was difficult to get men to work. The
city's firemen worked hard in bringing I
bodies to the wharf, but outside of them
were few who helped. The work was In
the hands of Alderman C. M. McMaster,
Captain Charles Clark, James B. Hughes
and others. These men pitched in. hand- |
ling the bodies themselves and urging the
few men they could pick up to work.
Father Kirwin, who wont out to summon j
men for the work, reported that it was j
impossible to get any considerable num- J
her, and he urged that able-bodied men ;
be impressed. Soldiers and policemen j
were sent out and every able-bodied man
they found was marched to the wharf
front. The men were worked in relays
and were liberally but not too
supplied with stimulants to nerve them
for their task. At nightfall three barge
loads, containing about 700 human bodies,
had been sent to sea, where they were
sunk with weights. Darkness compelled
suspension of work until morning. To
ward nieht great difficulty was expe
rienced in handling bodies of negroes,
which are badly decomposed. The work
to-day will be still more difficult.
No effort was made after 9 o'clock yes
terday morninc to place the bodies in
THE STORM-SWEPT DISTRICT OF TEXAS
GALVESTON MAY
BE ABANDONED
BY CAPITALISTS
walked about half the distance. He re
ports that Beaumont did not suffer much
from the storm. Two lives were lost from
live wires.
Colonel Li. J. Folk, general manager of
the Gulf, Colorado and Santa Fe Rail
road, stated that all ot the bridges across
Galveston Bay are gone, nothing remain
ing but the piles. He said it would take
ten davs or two weeks to restore rail
communication to Galveston, provided
work can be instituted at once from the
mainland.
DALLAS, Tex.. Sept. 12.— Much se
ricus thought has been given to
the question of the future of Gal
veston by the best Informed men
of Dallas since the calamity of
last Saturday and Sunday. The outlook
to their minds is not a bright one. The
expression of judgment most frequently
heard is, "Galveston Is doomed." Men
reason that to the perils that the popula
tion have ever had to face from nature's
elements the timidity of capital must now
be addtd. In the great storm of 1S75 little
of private or public capital ran the risk of
destruction. The great wharves, eleva
tors, compressors and railway and steam
ship systems had taken but slight foot
hold in the island city. The Federal Gov
ernment had built jetties and general har
bor improvements and coast defenses at
a cost of more than $10,000,000 of public
money. All these miHions of public and
private wealth have been put into Gal
veston enterprises-slnce 1S75. Capitalists
will scarcely venture again In the near
future to invest their money in a place
where it is likely to be wiped out at >he
ratio of five to ten millions of dollars to
one equinoctial storm. - :'
And when the Federal Government con
templates the costly brand new coast de
fense fortifications such as Fort Sam
Houston shattered by wind and waves
and ninety per cent of the garrison killed
it will not consider the place where these
ventures were made safe for their dupli
cation. A harbor to be safe must be land
locked.
These are the views of thinking men
who have studied the situation. The
question then arises, what will supersede
Galveston? Some predict that Houston.
fifty miles in the interior, on the Buffalo
Bayou, through the agency of a ship
canal, bullt-at the expense of the Federal
Government, is the coming metropolis of
the gulf. Others say Texas City, three
miles from Galveston, will now be de
veloped and made a grand maritime suc
cessor of the unfortunate island city.
Others say Clinton on Buffalo Bayou, six
miles below Houston, because of its fa
cilities to furnish water and rail termi
nals, will be the Texas seaport of the near
future. Very few expect unfortunate.Gal
veston to rise again and reassert herself
mistress of the gulf. A Galveston man
illustrated the problem very aptly to
night when he said:
"Fully half of the population of Gal
veston will never go back there to live
if they can be got off the Island alive
this time. My opinion Is that Galveston
lias had her rise and fall."
Islam Temple cf the Ancient Arabic Or
der of Mystic Shriners. it a meeting last
night, voted $100 to the fund for the relief
of the sufferers at Galve?ton, Tex.
Shrineis Help Galveston
BERKELEY, Sept. 11— In the published
list of Galveston casualties appears the
name cf Charles Kel.'ner. a brother of
Captain Emil Kellner. superintendent of
the University of California yrourri?".
Captain Kellner fears that his brother 1 *
family may also have perished, but has
received no definite word as yet.
Perished at Galveston.
The Arion Singing Club- held a meeting
last night at Union Square Hall and made
preliminary arrangements for a monster
benefit in conjunction with the various
singing societies of this city in aid of
the Galveston sufferers.
HOUSTON*. Sept. 12-Dr. C. P Wert
enbacker, in charge of the Marine Hos
pital service in New Orleans, has arrived
to look after those in distress in Galves
ton and then to report generally to Sur
geon General "tt'yman the condition ex
isting, with recommendations as how best
to meet them. Dr. Wertenbacker believes
}- h t t ., t T > camps m *y have to be estab
lished by the Government-one for those
who cannot leave Galveston and one for
those who may call here. The National
Government will iend the necessary tents,
and the local authorities are providing
cots in large numbers.
Will Aid Galveston Sufferers
J^^.f 1 Institutc of San Francigco
willl hold its regular meeting at Metro
po.itan Temple on Sunday evening Col
lection and subscription will be taken for
the Galveston sufferers. A special pro-
£ ran \ m n, ha f,,^ 6en arran **<5- Benjamin
Fay Mills will lecture on "What Shall We
Do With Sundays?"
?
Benefit for the Sufferers
TWO CAMPS FOR DESTITUTE.
CHICAGO. Sept. 12._ The foUowins
statement was received at 11 o'clock to
night:
GalYwton. Texas-To Charles 3. Diohl «ren
eral manager the Ass.vMatPd Pr=s«. Chlcaso. .^/
A summary of the conditions prevailing at
Oalveston U more than human Intellect can
master. Briefly gfa ted the damage to prop
erty is anywhere between fifteen and twenty
million?. The lo« 3 of life cannot be computed.
Xo lists -^uW be kept, and all is simple guess
work. Those thrown out to m>a and burled
on the ground wherever found wffl reach the
horrib!* total of at least 3000 aouls.
My estimate* of the lo.«s on the Island of the
city of Galveston and tho immediate summM
ing district is between 4C00 and S<V» deaths. I
t\r, not rrake this statement In fright or ex
citement. The whole story win never be tr.li*
because it cannct be told.
The necessities of those livln* are pres«!r(r
Xot a sinele individual escaped property los«."
The p*opert> on the island la half swept oot
of existence. What our needs are can be em.
puted by the world at large by th? itatemeri'
herewith rubmitted much better than I coui !
possibly summarize them. The help -n Ust b
immediate. R . G *
Manager Galveston x ew^
THE LOSS OF LIFE
CANNOT BE COMPUTED
I" 1 ".!. 63 / or the manumission of messages
In aid of the sufferers.
x^ th tf l e Western tTnlon and the Postal
Telegraph companies- have tendered th«
don, ? f th w elr wire - 3 to telegraph money
coast G de8tUtrt « alon S the Texas
New York Makes Noble Re
sponse to the Appeals for
Money and the Herald List
Grows Rapidly.
SAN DIEGO, Sept. 12.— San Diego sen*
its first contribution to the Galveston suf
ferers to-day. Yesterday the Union
opened a subscription list.' This morning
$100 had been received and that sum was
immediately forwarded. Additional sub
scriptions are being made.
SANTA ANA, Sept. 12.— The citizens of
Santa Ana met to-nfght in the City Hal!
on a call from the president of the Cham
1 ber of Commerce and committees were
appointed to raise funds for the Galveston
sufferers. Clothing and money will be
solicited. Next Sunday all the churches
in the city will take up collections, which
will be forwarded immediately for relief
of the sufferers. .
BAKERSFIELD. Sept. 12.— One hundred
and thirty dollars was wired from here
this afternoon to the relief committee a;
Houston for the Galveston sufferers. A
subscription list was started just before
noon and in a short time the ( amount
stated vuis collected. Citizens responded
promptly. Collections will be continued
and a good round sum is expected.
SAN JOSE.'Sept. 12.— The Benevolent
and Protective Order of Elks at its meet-
Ing this evening instructed its secretary
to telegraph $100 Immediately to the Gal
veston lodge of Elks, the money to be
used in the relief of destitute members.
DALLAS, Tex.. Sept. 12.— This city has
subscribed nearly $15,W)0 in cash and six
carloads of clothing for the South Texas
flood sufferers.
ST. LOUIS. Sept. 12.— In response to the
following telegram received to-day from
Galve.'ton the Merchants* Exchange has
appointed a committee to purchase sup
plies for the sufferers there and a carload
of mejil, another of flour, one of potatoes
and another of miscellaneous goods will
be sent immediately:
"President Chamber of Commerce, St.
Louis: Thousands dead; entire city desti
tute. Fever threatens to wipe out all liv
ing. Send us by special train disinfectants, j
prepared food. hay. grain— everything ;
that can be used immediately for man I
and beast. , Call on railroads for special i
service and wire credit for all money pos- !
ssible. Our needs are worse than St. Louis [
during cyclone.
"J. H. W. STEELE, Chairman."
CHICAGO, Sept. 12.— The Western Union
Telegraph Company has been bending •
every effort to establish communication j
with the stricken city of Galveston. Up i
to noon to-day the Western Union had j
succeeded In stringing two wires within
two mil£s of Virginia Point, two and a j
half miles from 1 Galveston Island and nine |
miles from, Galveston City. Colonel- R. C. |
Clowry, vice president and general super- |
lntendent of the Western Union Company, j
has tendered the free use of its wires to
the Governor of Texas, the Mayors of j
Galveston and Houston and all relief com-
CONTRIBUTIONS FLOW
FROM MANY SOURCES
NEW TORK. Sept. 12— New York Is
making noble response to appeals
in behalf of stricken. Galveston,
and by to-night thoiiranda of dol
lars had been raised and thousands
more pledged to aid In carrying out the
work of relief. The business men of Xew
York are alive to needs of the situation
in the ruined Southern city and through
their various trades organizations, as well
as by individual solicitation, are getting
together large sums of money.
Generous continues to be the response to
the Herald's announcement of its willing
ness to receive and forward subscriptions
for the relief of the Texas sufferers. The
fact that the pressing need of the hour is
money is evidently understood and appre
ciated. Not merely from New York City
anti State, but from many other parts of
the country, and even from across the
Atlantic, came checks or telegraphic or
ders, large and small, until when the list
was made up to-night it was found that
the total amount received and sent south
ward by the Herald was $5155 10.
Contributions poured in all day in
amounts of varying sizes, and each sum,
vhether great or small, was sent imme
diately to be applied to the work of re
lief. Almost every contribution was ac
companied by words of sympathy or by
the injunction to let the relief be speedy.
A carload of provisions and clothing for
Galveston left over the New York Cen
tral last night. It was a refrigerator car
attached to the fast freight which left
shortly after S o'clock. The car goes via
Buffalo, where it will be switched to the
Lake Shore and thence will ' go
through East. St. Louis to Galveston.
which point it is thought will be reached
in five days. The car was sent by the Her
ald, which also forwarded three more cars
to-night and will send a special express
train on Saturday.
People of San Francisco Respond
With Alacrity to the Cry of
Distress That Comes From
Stricken Galveston.
Workers in the cause of the Red Cross
are alive to the occasion. The noble
womer* who during the late war contrib- i
uted their money, time and Ijbor in behalf j
of the defenders 01 their country have '
come forward again with their valuable '
assistance. To-morrow the State and Citv •
Rod Cross societies, of which Mrs. .Wil- I
lard H. 'Harrington and Mrs. John F. j
Merrill are presidents respectively, will
combine and open headquarters at 30S
Sutter Ptr~et. Contributions of money,
food and clothing will be thankfully re
ceived and forwarded to the scenes of suf
fering.
The following sums of money have been
Red 'Cross Workers Seady,
The San Frdtideco Chamber i-,f Com
merce will use its powerful influence to
collect money and necessaries for the suf
ferers. A regular meeting cf that body
was h^Id yesterday, and although only the
trustees were present they started the ball
rolling by appropriating $100 from the
funds of ti'e chamber, which is to be the
nucleus of a snug sum to come.. Secr^t-'.ry
K. Scott was directed to communicate
with every member of the b:p body ,and
request him to come forward with his
contribution to the cause of the Galves
ton destitute. It is believed that within
a day or two a goodly sum will be forth
coming. As seen as the money is eoUeeiet!
the whole amount will be forwarded to
the afflicted city in the name of the Cham
ber of Commerce.
I'pon the openir.R of the Producers' Oil
Kxchange in the Mills building yesterday
the subject of the distress following the
Texas hurricane was brought up and the
deepest sympathy was expressed tor those
made homeless and destitute by wind and
wave. The cil men did not stop with a
simple expression of sympathy, for, as the
president remarked, it was cash and not
words that the unfortunates wanted. It
was a case of cash on the jump, and in
less than three minutes the sum of $100
was on the way to the Mayor of Galves-
II' _ , . _.
The Board of Trade of San Francisco
has not been idle. Within an hour after
the idea of raising a sum of money for
the unfortunate people was thought of a
list containing the subscriptions of the
leading mercantile houses of this city was
signed and sums agsrrcgating $1500 were
raised. The following telegram sent by
the board is en evidence of the splendid
work its members are capable of doing:
Mayor AV. C. 3oz\<<*. Gal vest on. Texat: We
wire to-iJay t.y Pai-tal TVIesraph Companv
fiJteea hundred dollan-; contribution to the rfc
lief fund. More to follow. ,
i.?AN" FRANCISCO HOARD OK TRADE.
A. A. WATKIXS, Pr*»MMit.
H. L. FMITH, Secretary-
The London. Par's and American Bank.
I^lmitid. will gladly receive and forward,
free DI expense, any subscriptions made
sl its office for the benefit of the sufferers.
Mayer Phelan received the following
communication and a large quantitj of
Thf Hebrew Ladirn' fewirg Society •eirJ*
through you to the Houston r^lirf .-»<-mmittei>
ore pi«v;e of gray flannel, one piece of sheet ins
¦ r!<J one rie<?e of muslin for the sufferers in thp
ftrirken city of Galveston. Trusting that this
flight contribution Will be* of uso. I am, re
spectfully. ROPE F. UUEXTHA14
Prefcident.
Businrss Men Active.
THE p*oplo of this State h«v*>
hear«1 theory nf distress from
fellow -brine's in the ftritken city
cf Oalvcfton, T^x.. arnl. like true
Calif »rrinr.s. have n;ien«l their
l^art and puvze strings for the relief of
the unfortunate. Not a 'lay, hns pa* s <^
Fince th« n*>ws of thetdreadful .lisast<-r
»^at kind-hearted people have not con
tnbutcC ;«t xho fun-1 whi<-h will relieve the
mff*>rir.? «-Hi7.P!)p of the Ixin<- Star Sta'--.
Money is l>o»itir!inK t<i four into tho
Mayor's officp and civic ami fraternal b ¦.
cictles havo rated and subscribed large
amounts to ihe fund. The sorrowful jii<-
ttires which have «>«-«n prefontod each day
in th^ newspapers have aigrakened every
Eympathetic h<nrt ami cv> ry charitably
«Jisj>ow»i person ip trying to do h ! s or hrr
s-hare to leliov* th«» pitiable* condition of
ihe victims of the tcrrihie fioo'1 vrhiih
Fwejit thousands of lives and thcusttnds cf
dollars of proprrty away.
Provisions ard c!oth:ris: ar? htlnx col
lected and will ho forwarded by the rail
roads without .-oft. Money that Trill buy
the necessities of life is be:r*r te'e
praphed to t\~.'~? Jkfarcr of the stricken oity
«nd telegrams of sympathy and offer? of
aid are beirp «ent every hour. Every
effort !s beir.fj mad" to raife fundn for
the unfortunate residents of Galveston*
The Olympic TClub of this city ha? ar
r.injred to hold a h'.g athletic- tournament
Monday nisht in Mtchanlcs* Pavilion.
The leading: mh'etei- of the famous ciub
will appear and take part in the splendid
athletic programme arranged for the oc
casion.
j collected and will he forwarded to the
i Mayor «:f GalveFton:
C'ontrllxitlotiN <o the IJonr«l of
Trrj<l«- Onlvmlo'i Ilollof I'liml"!
! I-rvl StrttiiNN A- «"o »1Ol» OO
i Mnrphy, Rrnnf A- Co IOO OO
f Xeiii«Jartl«T llro* IOO <M»
| I>uj:;uii.i. Cnrrlenn .tr Hnyilrn
<'o | on o:>
1 S!f»«B «t Srott.. IOO Oil
I A. Sflifllins- A- Co IOO OO
;inn« Ilroo 1<J<» «><»
4. V I'«»Jk«t * <"« '..... loo on
'¦.-llfortiiji rovnjeir Works.. IOO OO
St<*ol jitmI \Vlr<- Co. .">O Of)
i'rll>ri>o!«. Mrrrill «t Stetson. 5O OO
Sf-,.T-« !» ro -. A Co .".«> Oil
S..rrrv pi»«r Co r.OOO
Mt«.J. »• <•« ;:.-. (M»
Klr-Tti A -Co U"» O<»
!:Pj" IHnkcl*pfel «*. So:i« lir. oo
: Holler, Rnclijunn A Co V~ O'»
i.Tr'pc! <t- <o 2' nil
; llroivn nrn«. A- Co -~ Of)
| (:ihn. Mckclftluirp: A- Co 2."S O<>
, l>:inio! MoKeoil A Co........ 2* OO
j lltrvnemnnn * Co 'Jtr, (Ml
Tlif I,. ElAcun Co p 2."» OO
II. Dlnmontlinl A- Co U."» om
Th«> Ilroiiner-I'llmnn Co US OO
Carter A- Kelly '.*.Ti OO
l.oneiilierR & Co 155 OO
<"arliion-<«irripr <'o UJi OO
llandrli 1'nrnt-li »t Wlenpr.'. . -~» oo
| C. A. Malm A- Co 20 O!>
Tlie Harry In no Co 2O OO
From oi!irr aoorrCK:
Jninen l>. Phelnn #100 OO
Thontnii II. \VIUI-mii« Jr. . . . IOO O'>
llDrklnKhnm <fc Ileclit HO OO
*i. >. Austin, ():i!.I:uk1 1O OO
R. E. Sntherle, Needle* 1 OO
Nativo Sun. Tamnlx>ai» Par
lor 1 OO
Cliinn Heretta Option! Co.... o OO
I,. Siiorei" ."OS*
Jolin C"oi»»t 2O <M»
Dr. Loi"i Dnzet I« <*>
A. E. \Vh;illon 1 OO
!'rrn«-er. .\V 5 OO
.lo«on'i l->o!-iier 1 OO
ii. B. French 1 00
Bilvvnrd H. Taylor JO OO
Jnrnm Dr-.vl« 2." OO
California Canneries 25 OO
J. nrltterlln 1 OO
II. Robert* I 1 OO
.1. II. HonriqaeK 3 OO
Samuel Mrrtln a OO ;
Sarah J. Stnrks \ 1 00
E. T. Led > aid 1 OO
MIm A. G. Catlin .% OO j
\o nnme r» OO i
S- and G. Gump Co 10 OO
K'l Honnn 2O tM>
Kiirelier'n Concert Hall 4 SI)
H. C. Itatcllft' 4 OO
J. Jones \T* 00
Kennrlt Melrone 5 OO
81. V. Tarpey 25 OO
Garret McKnerney 25 0O
Mrs. Georsre A. Knight 25 00
W. II. Martin 2O OO
<!.i«-f of Police Sullivan.... 1O OO
James L. Flood ,..100 00
George A. Xewhnll 25 00
Irnae Truinbo 25 OO |
CItarlen I,. Fnlr no OO
Tom 1'VrictiMoii :,i| ni)
John I. Saliln IOO OO
Supervisor H. IT. Dranden-
Kifin 2O OO 1
Colonel M. II. Heclit 00 00
Sheriff J. Lnrkmann 1O OO |
Edmond Godchaui . . 10-00
Dr. Mc\utt IO OO j
Cnptain'John Spill.tne 10 00
Tlieotrler-1 MnnnKen' Anao
elation loot) OO i
Mr-. I. Lan-rnhrrc . 2O OO j
Mr«. Mary A.'Tobln io <><>
From Oakland—
Major Snovr IO OO !
F\ J. MoRltt zr, OO
I. L. Retina 20 OO j
Dr. F'ardee ' 20 00 \
Heetl A \usli:iuiin-r ]<) OO I
V. S. StrnKon io OO j
l.nndrrx Stevenn io OO !
E. Lenlirrdt ]<> 00 |
Tnft A IVnnnjor io OO i
<¦«*?• io oo I
Henry Dierkx •» 50 j
C. # II. KuvUn ! 50
PJ Cos. Sacramento ao 00
Captain .Tolin Sejjnonr 10 OO
Mayor Thelan ban received the
following; mull RDiMcrfptloDRi
Mr«. Kloanor .Martin Siihi 00
Woo* Droa 100 OO J
MprchnntM* F.\«'1uihr:«' 100 OO
Daniel Meyer j<m> 00 j
KnipoHnm no OO J
Stockton Mllllne: Co no OO j
Edward B. Pond rq 05 !
Mm. S. \V. Heller 25 00 !
Mali 1 flron 25 OO
J. M. Rothnchlld 2,1 00
FUNDS FOR THE RELIEF OF THE FLOOD SUFFERERS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,. THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 13, 1900.
2
GOVERNOR NAMES A
RELIEF COMMITTEE
SACRAMENTO, Sept. 12. — Governor Gage to-night announced that if the Governor
of Texas would accept aid from California for the unfortunate people of Galveston he
would appoint the lollowing residents of San Francisco as a general State relief commit
tee to collect money and supplies for that purpose :
I. YV. Hellman. William Alvord; Robert I. Tobin, Claus Spreckels, James L. Flood,
A. A. Watkins (president of the Boarcl of Trade), Charles Nelson (president of the Chamber of
They are vested with power to appoint such other persons and subordinate commit
tees throughout the State ns they mav deem reouisite. K
RELIEF FOR
TEXAS SUFFERERS
RED CROSS SOCIETY.
The California State Red Cross
and San Francisco Red Cross Society
solicit contributions of money, cloth-
ing and other supplies for the suf-
ferers by the hurricane in Texas.
Donations may be sent to store No.
308 Sutter street on and after Friday
next.
MRS. WILLARD B. HARRINGTON,
President State Red Cross Association.
MRS. JOHN F. MERRILL,
President San Francisco Red Cross Society.
To Cure a Cold in One Day
Taka Laxative Bromo Quinine Tablet*. AH
drurgists refund the money If It fall* to £ur«.
E. W. Grove's «lKnatur» !» on »•«*» box. 23c. •SOME LEADING ACTORS AT
THE REPUBLICAN MUNICIPAL
CONVENTION.
E. O. McCormick Goes East.
E. O. McCormick, passenger trafllc man
ager of the , Southern Pacific Railroad
Company, left yesterday for the East to
attend an Important conference in New
York, oa the 18th of. the executive officers
Take Your Own Pictures.
We have cameras from SO cents up to
$15 each and all materials for taking pic
tures. Prices low. Sanborn, Vail & Co.,
741 Market street. •
Cable and Electric Cars Collide.
Car 706 of the Post-street line and car
258 of the McAllister-street line collided
at McAllister and Leavenworth streets
about 11 o'clock yesterday morning. Pas
sengers on both cars were badly shaken
up, but no one was injured. The. fender
of the Post-street , car was wrenched off
and windows broken. The upper works
and front of the McAllister-street car
¦were damaged.-
speak. And he did speak. He concluded
by nominating P. A. Bergerot for tem
porary chairman. Ruef nominated James
A. Wilson. Guilfoyle made the point of
order that there was no rollcall by which
to regulate the vote. Kelly withdrew his
nomination of Bergerot to give Guilfoyle
a chance to have his roll accepted as the
temporary rollcall, and Guilfoyle took the
platform to call the roll from his 1st. The
proceedings had been boisterous through
out, and an uproar followed Guilfoyle's
attempt to force recognition of the Kelly-
Crimmins delegates. Ruef and others
made points of order sustained by Bouvier
that a temporary chairman must be
chosen before other business could be
transacted. Kelly's boosters set up a
chorus of "Rollcall!"
Bouvier would not let the roll be read
and objected to Guilfnyle's presence on
the platform. Kelly and an excited barber
named Calish wanted Guilfoyle to put the
question to a vote on his rollcall, and
Kelly even lost his head and appointed
Guilfoyle chairman of the convention, but
the appointment was not recognized.
"I ask that the police restore order,"
Ruef ehouted. "We cannot do things in
this highhanded way In a Republican con
vention. Let us proceed In a decent and
orderly manner."
Guilfoyle came flown from the platform
Schaertzer Would Not Prosecute.
The case of L. B. Skelton, charged with
assault to j murder, was dismissed by
Judge Cabaniss yesterday. J. A. Schaert
zer, 141 Rose avenue, who was shot by
Skelton in * the saloon at Sutter street
and Central avenue, kept by Skelton's
wife, on the morning of September 1. sent
word to the Judge that he would not
prosecute the case, as Skelton was jus
tified In shooting him. Schaertzer had
been on too familiar terms with Mrs.
Skelton. " , . > ¦
Injuries Received by Him in the
Railroad Accident Hot at All
Serious.
Morgue Surgeon Leland made an au
topsy yesterday upon the body of Gee
Fung Gung and was unable to discover
anything but natural causes to produce
death. Gung was driving his laundry
wagon across the electric railway track
on Bryant street on August 31 and col
lided with a car. The wagon was over
turned and Gung was thrown out, receiv
ing bruises which confined him to his bed
in the washhouse until he died. No bones
were broken and there were no evidences
of gangrene. The stomach and contents
were sent to the city chemist for analysis.
It is orobable that Gung's death was
caused by Improper treatment and fright.
GUNG'S DEATH WAS NOT
CAUSED BY ACCIDENT
It "was observed with regTet that tho
Forty-first District delegation accepted
boss orders and voted for Bereerot. The
pernicious activity of Dibble in affairs out-
Klde of the Forty-firet has incensed many
Hc-publicans. There was a conference last
cvf-ning to consider the advisability of
putting In the field an independent Re
publican candidate for the Assembly in
ihe Forty-first. The revolt against Dibble
is so earnest and strong that many lead
ing Republicans are ready to openly pro
claim themselves in favor of the independ
ent movement
In yesterday's proceedings at B'nai
B'rith Hall llepublicans viewed the spec
tacl<» of a Democrat in the law depart
ment of the Southern Pacific Company
selecting a chairman of the Republican
nominating convention. Herrin gave the
orders and Kelly executed them. Neither
one cares for the success of the Repub
lican partv or the triumph of its prin
ciples. The railroad company wants men
in the Legislature who wiil do the work
of the corporation regardless of the rights
of the people. Kelly and Crlmmins are
appointed to carry out the schemes of the
corporatloji. Other agents are employed
to do similar work in Democratic con
ventions. When Republican bosses are
hard pressed Kalney goes to their help.
When Rain«»y lias a dil^cult task ahead of
him in the Democratic camp he can rely
cn the aid of the assistance of Kelly and
Crjnair-ins.
Outsiders Vote Too.
When the doors of B'nal B'rtth Hall
w*re opened, shortly after 2 o'clock, the
<ielo?atcs rapidly crov.ded into the hall
and took their allotted beats. In the case
of contesting delegations, those who ar
rired ttrwx held the chairs by virtue of
squatters' rights. Spectators filled the
cillery ai:d stood in the rear of the hall
and aioug the side aisles. Many of these
crowded in among the delegates and voted
v/lth tne Kelly-Crirr.mins faction, added
Ihclr voices to the zericTrt uproar, and In
various ways contributed to tho disgrace
lul proceedings of the afternoon.
Martin Kelly pat in the front row
tmong tlKa dif linguishe"! citizens who had
>.ern "unanimously elected by the Repub
licans of the Twenty-tight h district *• a?
delegates lo the convention. Kelly ran
the whole f=h<iw for his pide of the house.
He pulled the firings with n frankness
that iva.s beautiful to eee. When his lieu
tenants pot nit wrong he put them right.
H»» It was- who made P« A. Bergerot tem
porary chairman and escorted him to the
chair.
A'fred Eouvler called the convention to
order and announced that such was his
duty bv virtue of the "enviable position"
which h*» held a.s chairman of the County
ta-r.tral Committee.
"4 instantly James Guilfoyle of the Thlrty
tfxih dis"trlct. fresh from a conference
with Martin Kelly. Jumped to his feet
end said he had a communication signed
by the chairman and secretary of tho
State Central Committee which h» desired
to read. Confusion prevailed at once.
Abe Ruef and T. K. Kase mad« th© point
that as there had been no temporary
chairman chosen the reading of the com- i
good faith by moving that the Guilfoyle
rollcall be used, but tho motion was cried
down as unfair in view of his agreement
made but a few moments before.
Mix-TJp on the Floor.
The rollcall began. The Twenty-eighth
District grave 9 votes for Bergerot. the
Twenty-ninth 11 for "Wilson, the Thir
tieth 11 for Bergerot, the Thirty-first 9 for
Bergerot. the Thirty-second 8 for Berge
rot and 1 for Wilson, the Thirty-third 13
for Wilson, the Thirty-fourth 17 for Wil
son, the Thirty-fifth 9 for Wilson and 4
for Bergerot. the Thirty-sixth 9 for Ber
gerot and two for Wilson, the Thirty-sov
onth 1 for Wilson and IS for Bergerot. the
Thirty-eighth 18 for Bergerot, the Thirty
ninth 11 for Bergerot and 4 for Wilson, tho
Fortieth 18 for Wilson and 1 for Bergerot
and the Forty-first 18 for Bergerot.
When the Forty-second District waa
called Adrian Smith attempted to an
nounce the vote, A. H. Becker, a member
of the opposition delegation, not on the
Wilson rollcall, tried to make Smith sit
down and made a motion as If to strike
him. Smith struck back and landed on
Becker's Jaw. A policeman In the front
of the hall made a rush for the belliger
ents and fell down on tho slippery, eaw
dust-covered floor. Another policeman
seized Smith from behind and. they went
down in a heap.
It looked as if a general melee would
follow, and the greatest confusion pre
vailed for some minutes. Quiet was finally
restored and the roll of the Forty-second
District delegates was called. They cast
4 votes for. Wilson. The Forty-third gave
Wilson 10 votes, the Forty-fourth 12 for
Wilson and 1 for Bergerot and the Forty
fifth 8 for Bergerot.
It wns announced that the vote was 103
for Bergerot and 103 for Wilson. Bouvier
declared Bergerot elected, and the tri
umphant Kelly-Crimmlns henchmen
cheered long and loud.
Bouvier appointed Martin Kelly and Abe
Ruef to escort Mr. Bergerot to tho chair.
Ruef balked at first, but finally accepted
the duty with good grace. Kelly enjoyed
the situation and Bergerot didn't seem to
mind it. -
On motion of James A. Wilson Berge
rot's election was made unanimous. The
newly elected temporary chairman made a
speech thanking the convention for the
honor that it had bestowed upon him en
tirely unsolicited on his part. He hoped
that differences in the convention would
be adjusts and that the party would pre
sent a solid front to the enemy.
Thomas K. Kasft nominated Dr. T. H.
Morris for temporary secretary. Frank
French nominated A. B. Mahoncy, whom
he designated as a "secretary by profes
sion."
On motion of A. Ruef both were do
clared elected, and the convention will
have a fierretary in duplicate.
On motions the chairman was authorized
to appoint a committee of fifteen on cre
dentials, one of eighteen on permanent or
ganization and order of business and one
of eighteen on platform and resolutions
Chairman Bergerot asked that an ad
journment be taken so that he might hav©
time to select tho committees. The- con-
Parsons Taught a Lesson.
J. E. Parsons of Santa Rosa was fined
$10 by Judpe Cabaniss yesterday for bat
tery upon E. J. McQuade, conductor of a
Haight-street car.
Vacation Fixed for "Week in October.
Teachers Recommended for Life
Diplomas.
As was expected, tho Board of Educa
tion yesterday suspended Ebenezer
Knowlton from his position as vice prin
cipal of the Everett Grammar School for
one year without pay. This action Is
simply a confirmation of Knowlton's sus
pension, which was ordered by Chairman
Mark. When the resolution waa adopted
Superintendent "Webster desired to have
his protest duly recorded on the ground
that the board was not aeUng within its
legal rights. Knowlton will now take
the matter to the courts. Tho resolution
suspending him follows:
Whereas. Certain charges havo been pre
ferred to this board against Ebenezcr Knowl
ton. vlc« principal of tho Everett Grammar
School, by Mrs. F. A. Banning, principal of
said school, alleging general incompetency and
Insubordination: and
Whereas, This board considers said charges
proved to l*s satisfaction; b« It
Resolved. That. *«,«- evident unfltness for
teaching; said Ebenezer Knowlton be and is
hereby suspended from tho San Francisco
School Derartment for on© y<«ar, without pay,
said suspension to date rrom September 12, 1900.
The salaries of the first grade teachers
¦were amended to read as follows: First
year, $50; second. $53; third, $56; fourth,
$5D; fifth. $62; sixth. $C5; seventh, $68;
eighth. $71; ninth. $74; tenth, $77; eleventh.
$80; twelfth. $S3.
The midterm vacation was fixed be
tween October 1 and 5, 1900, both days in
cluslve.
The report of Miss Mapulre, principal
of the Richmond Evening School, that she
had consolidated Miss Donovan's class,
was ratified.
Tho Longfellow School building and the
sheds of the Franklin School were sold to
Gustave Asmussen for $150.
The recommendations of the City Boaro
of Examination were adopted as follows:
Life diplomas of the grammar grade-
Miss Mary A. Smith, Miss D. G. Jesse,
Miss Sarah H. Macauley, Miss Pauline
Langstadter, Miss Mary D. Tanforan,
Miss Anna A. "Love, Miss A. F. McDon
nell, Miss Delia Clayburgh; State educa
tion diplomas of the grammar grade — Miss
May K. Devlne. Miss Annie "\Y. Qulnn and
Miss Jane A. Macauley.
KNOWLTON'S SUSPENSION
RATIFIED BY BOARD
The Trouble Begins.
munication ¦was out of order unless Mr.
Bouvier was willing to hear it. Bouvier
ruled that those present must decide, and
he put the question to a vote and decided
that the ayes had it.
Guilfoyle then proceeded to read the com
munication, in which Chairman Stone and
Secretary Cutter eertifkd that the Kelly-
Crtmmins contesting delegates had been
eeated in the State Convention at Santa
Cruz. Following it he read a communi
cation signed by a number of county eom
mltteemen in which the meeting of Sep
tember 1 In Shicls Hall was recounted and
to which the names of the Kelly-Criin
mins delegates were attached as tho duly
accredited delegates to the convention.
Guilfoyle moved that the names of those
delegates should constitute the temporary
rollcall.
Bouvier declined to entertain any mo
tlons. as only nominations for temporary
chairman were in ordor.
Martin Kelly arose and said that under
the call issued for the primary election
he had bwn chosen as a delegate "by the
unanimous vot« of the Republicans" of
his district, and he claimed the right to
and from the floor of the hall suggested
that both rollcalls bo used. Ruef sug
gested that a compromise be effected by
each side appointing a committee of five
to choose a temporary chairman. Guil
foyle agreed. Kelly objected, but finally
consented. A motion was put and carried
that Ruef and Guilfoyle each name five
to compose the committee.
Guilfoyle dutifully conferred with Kelly
p.p to whfim he should appoint. Kelly did
not like the compromise, and finally came
out and said that they could not agree on
the appointment of the committee and
would not name their five members.
Ruef refused to surrender the advan
tage he had gained until after a consulta
tion with Kelly Guilfoyle said that they
were willing that Secretary Wilson's tem
porary rollcall Fhoud be used. With that
understanding the convention proceeded
to the choice of a temporary chairman.
Kelly said h» understood that another
gentleman was ready to nominate Mr.
Berperot, and H. G. W. Dinkfisplel
promptly placed the former School Direc
tor in nomination. Ruef said that his
nomination of James A, Wilson had not
bf*on withdrawn.
Martin Kelly thon showed hts lack of
ventlon accordingly adjourned till Thurs
day, September 20, at 8 p. m.
and Anti-Boss Elements.
PRACTICAL POLITICS.
Incidents of the Convention of Boss
Jack McKamara of the Twenty-ninth
District came Into the convention hall a
few minutes after the door was opened
and found Leon Samuels of the contesting
delegates in the chair which he consid
ered his own. He asked tho Kelly dele
gate to move out, but Samuels refused to
give up the chair. McNamara took Sam
uels by the collar, lifted him clear and sat
him down on tho floor. He then sat com
placently down in the empty chair, and it
is reedlesa to say ho was not disturbed.
Abe Huef did not appreciate the honor
of being, appointed to act with Martin
Kelly in escorting Bergerot to the chair.
At tirst he declined to act. Kelly came
past Huef's seat with Bergerot and the
latter made a personal appeal to Kuer not
to refuse him the courtesy.
"I hope you haven't any personal rea
son for refusing," Berserot, said.
"No, I do not object to you personally,
but I do not like your company," Ituef
••But go ahead with Kelly and I will fol
low along behind." And Ruef followed as
far as the edge of the platform, while
Martin Kelly ushered his protege to the
chair with great gusto.
P A. Bergerot was anxious last night
that denial should be given to the report
that he had programmed with the bosses,
lie asserts that he had not spoken with
Martin Kelly and that no attempt had
been made to dictate fcia committee ap
pointments. He states that he accepted
the chairmanship because he likes the
excitement of politics, and that he hopes
to bring about harmeny in the ranks of
the party, and asserts that he will riot
take orders I om any boas. He admits,
however, that the circumstance that he
was nominated by Martin Kelly gtvea
color to the report that he is anxious to
denv It was his understanding that he
was to be nominated by H. G. W. Dinkel-
BX A e !tred Bouvier left for New York last
evening without resigning his position as
chairman of the County Central commit
tee. There will be no reoreanlzation in
T D Riordan, who was on both tickets
in the 'Forty-second District, disappeared
during the rollcall on the vote for chair
man. When his name was called there
was no response. Some one said, "VV hy,
he was here a minute ago. A Key dele
gate replied. "Oh. he got cold feet.'' Rior
dan had said he would vote for Wilson.
Had Bouvier enforced the unit rule when
the Forty-second District was called as
he had before-accepting the vote ns an
nounced by the chairman of the delega
tion, unless tho rollcall was demanded be
fore the announcement was made — Wll
son would have been elected. Smith had
promised to have his delegation of four
teen present. All of thorn were for Wil
son, but only four of them were there to
give him their support.
of the .Western, Southwestern and South
eastern roads. Matters relating to gen
eral trafllc will be discussed and the pro
posed transcontinental passenger associ
ation will also be considered. Mr. Mc-
Cormlck was accompanied by Secretary
\V. G. Gardner. They will be away abour
four weeks.
POTHOUSE POLITICIANS PARCELING OUT PATRONAGE - WILL
DECENT REPUBLICANS SUBMIT *?
A report made by Deputy Sheriff Wall,
who made the first investigation of the
case, sugge* s another theory, upon which
the ofllcialsfare working. It is that Ma
hony was murdered or mortally wounded
and then taken to and thrown out by the
roadside, where he was found. At 5:30
Monday morning a dairyman and a com
panion drove over the road and did not
see the body. About 7 o'clock a boy
named Mason, who was passing In a cart,
discovered the body, and getting down
from his rig tried to arouse the man. He
declares that the body was still warm.
The boy went to report to the Constable.
The milkman, returning an hour later,
saw the remains and notice from the Con
stable to keep hands off .111 the Coroner
arrH-ed. The buggy tracks are account
ed for by the boy who drove Up to the
remains, but there are tracks of a cart
that show that some one drove to the
spot out of the road leading to Bethany,
coming around to the open space between
the forks of that and the Llvermore road
and back on to the other road. At the
spot where Mahony was found the tracks
were obliterated by Mahony's body. The
boy did not pass over tnat route.
The belt and collar which were found
over toward the railroad track may have
been purposely placed there to suggest
the theory that the deceased had fallen
from the train. But no one can be found
about Tracy who sheltered Mahony Sun
day night, nor/was he seen about any
questionable place where he would be
likely to meet with assault.
case is that there is a letter at the
Tracy hotel addressed to James Ma
hony, bearing the sending date of |
September 1O. That has added an
other element to the affair. It may
not be for the dead man, but it has
not been called for, and we have rea
son to believe it is for him. It would
be very interesting for us to know
what is in that missive, as his folks
disclaimed all knowledge of where he
was and they seem to be very |
apathetic in the matter of the investi
gation. All information from them
has been very unsatisfactory. We
want to see the letter, and eventually
I believe we shall know its contents.*'
The foregoing are the words of District
Attorney Ashley of Ban Joaquln County,
•when "questioned In reference to new de
velopments In the case of J.-H. Mahony,
whose body was found near Tracy Mon
day, and who, apparently, had been mur
dered.
Thus is another strange fact added to
the mystery of the San Franciscan's
death. Mahony's wife and family claimed
they did not know where he had'ffone.
Three Puzzling Questions.
Then:
Who Is the writer of the letter, that ;
was evidently intended for the dead man?
What business -was It that brought Ma- '
hony to Tracy?
Who is the owner of the torn linen col
lar found near the body?
These are things that the officers axe
trying to find out. .
As for Sheriff Sibley, he no longer be
lieves that Mahony was murdered, but
this conclusion on the part of the of- ;
ficial does not In the least clear the mys
tery surrounding the violent death of the
young San Franciscan. While the
Sheriff discountenances the theory of foul
play, he Is at the same time devoting his
personal attention to an Investigation of
the case.
Although the relatives of the dead man
say his departure from San Francisco
¦was sudden and unknown to them some
one must have known of his destination,
for there is a letter at Tracy for J. H.
Mahony. Of course the name is a com
mon one and It may be for a namesake, ¦
but no one Is known of that name In the
railroad town.
The Sheriff has been to San Francisco
on the case, but was unable to find out
anything bearing upon It other than has
already been related In The Call.
"I can find no possible motive for foul
play," says the Sheriff. "Mahony was
not a man given to excess In liquor or
eccentricities. I cannot account for his
presence in Tracy, nor can I learn of any
thing of a business nature liable to have
called him there."
The Sheriff believes Mahony may have
fallen from the train and succeeded in
dragging himself over to the roadside be
fore he succumbed to his injuries. But
In order to do this he must have walked
seventy-five feet and climbed a fence, and
this with a broken neck.
Working on New Lines.
STOCKTON, Sept. 12.— "The only
new thing to-day in the Mahony
Special Dispatch to The Call.
District Attorney Ashley
Makes a New Discovery
in the Mystery.
UNCLAIMED MISSIVE
IN THE TRACY HOTEL
Sheriff Gives Up the Murder Theory,
but His Deputies Do Not, and
Are at Work on New
Iiines.
WHO WROTE
THE LETTER
TO MAHONY?
KELLY PUTS
IN BERGEROT
FOR CHAIRMAN
Boss for First Time Takes
Active Part in Public
Convention.
REFORM MEN STILL
HOPE FOR TRIUMPH
Republican Effect Temporary Org-an
ization Aiter Much Wrangling
and Adjourn to Meet Again
Next Thursday.
RepuJaican County Convention met
y«6t«-day afternoon and elected as tem
porary chairman P. A. Bergerot, th© can
didate of Kelly and Crimmlrs. Bergerot
received 105 votes, tr-e number required
for a choice. James A- Wilson, the candi
date of tij© anti-boes forces, received 103
votes. The contest was conducted amid
tumult and uproarious confusion. Martin
Kelly In person placed himself at the head
of the boss column on the floor of the con
vention and rave Individual Instructions
to nis henchmen. Lest Republicans lor
pet, It Is veil to remind them that this Is
the came Martin Kelly that knifed M. M.
Estee. the Republican candidate for Gov
ernor, ana betrayed Horace I>avla. tht
Republican nominee for Mayor.
The aid and comfort given to Kelly by
the recent State convention at Santa Cruz
enabled him to speak to his henchmen
•with some 6how of authority. When W.
C. Van Fleet, chairman of the State con
vention, surrendered himself and the pre
rogatives of his position to Lynch, Dibble,
Xelty. Crinualns and Herrin and appointed
a ccnuniu.ee en credentials pledged to re
port In favor of recognizing boss delega
tions, he kslfed tie friends of good gov
ernment and dean politics in San Fran
dsco.
Every advantage which he gave to the
boss element at Santa Cruz was brutally
ti*ed yesterday to further the political in
terests of the Hint Saloon g^tng. Kelly,
himself, ignoring established rules of pro
cedure, directed one of his henchmen to
read the report of the State convention's
committee on credentials. Kelly was bo
offensively viporous in his advocacy of
raw methods that even Dibble was com
pelled to beat a retreat in shame. Van
l^eet ougrht to have seen Boss Kelly in
Tiunpant exultation of Indecent triumph
in a Republican convention.
The anti-boss forces, under the leader
ship of A. Ru<*f. made a gallant fight. If
the rulings of Chairman Bouvier had
been impartial James A. Wilson would
have been elected. The chair required a
l-»!lcaH in the Forty-second District, but
".'Unwed the absentee* in the Twenty
eighth to be counted as present.
Partiality of Bouvier.
When Kelly blundered into •withdrawing
tho nomination of Bergerot to permit
• •uilfoyle to read a boss rollcall. Ruef
innvf-d that 'Wilson be chosen by accla
mation. The chair refused to put the mo
lion and allowed Kelly's candidate to be
replaced in nomination.
The arti-boss forces of the Republican
¦ irty we repulsed but not defeated. Be
fcTt adopting heroic measures of appeal
to ;h< clean and reputable voters of the
party they tvill insist and demand that
ji*>rp»?r"t =-hall not take orders from the
b tec that placed him In nomination. Mr.
I k r^orot cpsert3 that he Is free and inde
pendent and that his conduct as chairman
ot the convention will convince the people
i hat ha has not accepted a programme.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 13, 1900.
3
DB. KILMER'S SWAMP BOOT.
Thousands Have Kidney Trouble
and Don't Enow it.
ITow To Find Out.
Fill a bottle or common glass with youi
water and let it stand tweniy-four hours; a
' r~K j r sediment or set-
fjjrS^j r~^ £=3~ tlin if indicates an
Xwi v>5^^sf»^PiY/^ tio ° of the kid "
T&- j^Z7p^X^~~r ! ''] yo'Jr linen it is
ffr^J/tv evidence ot kii "
CtR ney trouble; too
* pasi> it cr pain in
— —-— -" the back is also
convincing proof that the kidneys and blad-
der are cut of order.
"What to Do.
There is comfort in ths knowledge so
often expressed, that Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-
Root, the great kidney remedy fulfills every
wish in curir.g rheumatism, pain in ths
back, kidneys, liver, bladder and every part
of ths urinary passage. It corrects inability
to hold water and scalding pain in passing
it, or bad effects following use of liquor,
wine cr beer, and overcomes that unpleasant
necessity cf being cempeiied to go often
during the day, and to get v? many times
during the. night. TfemlUahd ths extra-
ordinary effect cf Swamp-Root is soon
realized. 'It stands the highest for Us won-
derful cures of ths most distressing cases.
If you need a medicine ycu should have tho
best. Sold by druggists in50c. ar.d$l. sizes.
You may have a sample bottle of this
wonderful discovery PC-'Af 7^
and a book that tel Is f&^Z&P&Z&zto
more about it. both sent SJi^r^r' — £
absolutely frcs by mail.
Address Dr. Kilmer & Home of Swamp-Root
Co., Binghamton. N. Y. When writing men-
tion reading this £en?rcur- of f er In this paper.
1 ?o-»-o-*-o-«- o-*-o-»-o -•- o-»-©-»-"o-»-o-«-o-»-o-%
I t »
O ti' ! 'JJbJV> i *i-¥ *•?"-* ¦rrtf^'-\ai *
9 '— • a
I M Ka * ura! neraJ Watar 1
4 fil jA known far centuries and ?
9 *if*«H imporieJ q
5 /|fkSl only in. bottles. £
X r^W^-^i*: cr Diaordsnd Stomach ?
? jftf^lj and kdigestioa. ?
9 Sivj.'..^'. Its ralua has been testl. O
o fled to by thousands. ?
? > VJC'IY So-called Vichy In Sy- ?
a phans £
o §8111$ IS N0T vich *. *
? Oet tno Genuinew ?
? fcS&sSSs Tour physician O
O l^^^J^a A. TIGNIia, Distribnt^g Agent J
TO THE PUBLIC!
PINOLE. JUNE 23. ISM.— I TAKE TIII3
means of expressing: my thanks to Dr. Wong
>B> j. Him, 115-117 Maaon st..
>G*£&j5a 6. F.. for having cured
fSfT***^™ rr - e ct kidney, womb
» ?& W trouble and cancer of
ljjjjgj^j; I stomach. 1 was a great
I < "3 » 5 gufferer for 13 years, and
*l5ot?i J found no permanent re-
>Sr£S*/ lief until I tried Dr.
.jfgW— Wong Him, and In mix
> <BaL*^* l ** > '^ jStw months' time fc» haa
cured me. Any F«rson
*W^tTt?Hv^V wishing me to certify
**K3w«5£,?*» this can find m«.
MRS. GEORGE BHTZ.
Ptnole, Contra Costa County CaL
BAN FRA.NCISCO (CaU Oct 2£3g&-g»
Whom It May Concern: This ts to certify tnat
Dr. Wont Htm of 115-117 Mason •trs*t. San
Francisco, has cared m« entirely of Brlstu •
disease of the kidneys and consumption of tn»
bowels of Ions standing, and I am only too
happy to make this statement for th« benefit o
all troubled In any way by diseases. You will
find the doctor a gentleman !n every way. V ery
respectfully. MISS M. J. SHINE.
X«l Kulton street. San Francisco.
S F.. Dec. 4, 1839.— Dr. "Woes Him. Hi- 117
Mason fct.. S. F.. Cal.— Dear Sir: For the bene-
fit cf others I wish to make a statement of my
case, which was heart trouble. After treating
with six eminent physicians, my case was pro-
nounced Incurable. Hearing of Dr. Wonsc H!n
and his wonderful cures. I decided to try his
herb treatment. He did all he claimed ar1
after treating «lx months I am now well and
etrone. Tour reepectfully.
MES. BARLOW. 1057 Mission at.. S. V.
MANHOOD RESTORED "&^ D a F£!£ bl .
Vltallzer. tho prescription of i
»p» i». . ¦ famous French physician, will
•BS3k8SS?6 I^lckly euro you of all ner-
JRSSSKaK vous or diseases of the genera-
/3fyS**<9w^ tive organs, such a* Los: Miri-
S*r3jJ ,— > JH-J hood. Insomnia. Pains In th'»
vV r&J Eavrk. Nervous r>»hi!tty. Pim-
ffmi «/*»>*rr pl es * Exhausting Drains. Vart-
IjHl cocele and -onstlratlon. It
V-w-/** 1 " sfops all losses bv day or
nlRht. Cupldene cleanses th<>
liver, the kidneys and the urinary organs of all
Impurities. Cupidene strengthens and restores
small weak oreana.
The- reason sufferers are not <rur«Ki by Doctors
Is because 90 per cent are troubled with Pros-
tratitis Cupldene the only known remedy to
cure without an operation. 5000 testimonials.
A written irnarantee given and money re-
turned If 8 boxes do not effect a permanent
cure. $1.CO a box, 6 boxes for J5.0O. by mail.
Send for free circular and testimonials.
Address Davol Medicine Co.. 40 Kllis st.. San
Francisco. Cal. . Grant Drug Co. . SS & 40 Thirri st.
DR. HALL'S REIN VIGOR ATOR^S^
Five hundred reward for any §Kii t*ij3
case we cannot cure. This secret B"^" ™/pj
remedy stops all losses In 21 hours, i fj
cures Emissions, Impotence. Varl- j{T3 ¥W3
cocele. Gonorrhoea. Gleet. Fits. 9* ¦ WWI
Strictures. Lost Manhood and all Uh&M.
excesses. Sent sealed. J2 bottle: 3 E£&.GD«r£3
bottles, *J5: guaranteed to cure any caw. Ad-
dress HALL'S MEDICAL INSTITUTE. 855
Broadway. Oakland. Cal. Also for sale at 1073V*
Market st.. S. V. All private diseases quickly
cured. Bend for fre« book.
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Price Lists Mails j
on Application.
ATTORNEY.
F. H. MERZBAC1I. lawyer. 503 Cal., Clunl* bd.
COAX. COKB AND PIQ 19OX
T C XV II SI1V * f ft 'W Ba«ery Street.
.'• L- IT lL3Ua Ci WU-. Telephone. Main 1SS4.
. COPPERSMITH.
C VJ CIT1TH EhJp Plumbing. Steamboat and
W-W- D Ml 111. ship Work a specialty. 18 and
13 Washington st. TeleDhone Mala G0S1.
ELECTRICAL.
D. D. WAS3. ¦ '- *
fflSJT-" ElectrU-a.1 Engineer. S« East St.
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
IK RAYFC&'m Shlppinc Cutchers. 1M
JAJ- DUlLO tt C»» Clay. TeL Mala 131
GALVAMZIN3 AND METALS,
llf'r. & Dealer In Metals U Galvanizing. JOHN
FIXN METAL WORKS. 315 Howard St.
~ HARNESS DRESSING.
"PALO ALTO." Best leather preserver on
earth. 25c. Roblnron Chem. Co.. 1163 Howara.
METAL.
Extra linotype and stereotype, metal.' PadSc
Metal "Works. 127-8 First st.. San Francl3co.
OILS.
LUBRICATINO OILS. LEOXARD & EL-
LIS. 418 Front «t.. 8. F. Phone Main 1713.
PAINTS.
Cylinder & Lubricating Oils, Schneider's Mining
Candlos. C. G. CLINCH & CO.. 9 Front. 3. F.
PW1NT1N J.
E- C BPGBES. Bll Sanaomff st.. 3. F.
PRINTERS. BOOKEINDERS.
THE IUCKS-JUUD CO..
3 First st.. San Francisco.
STATIONER AND l'i{ISTE'*.
T.i^g.phu, PARTRIDGE 30 * < Sg Ua
HliJff iSll STEiM COAL, $&*&*£
DIAMOND COAL MINING CO.. at Its GRESM
RIVER COLLIERIES. Is tha Beat Coat la UM
market, Of Sco and Yarla— 1!3 Mala «&r«*i-
SPECIALISTS FOR MEN—ESTABLISHED 1881
-^j^Js^^^^^sll^e^ We have gained our pres-
-jf^^^^g^^o^^^t^fs-^^v ent high standing by eurlrg
• /^SteBggS^^i^r^^^^i :g~-"$'. _ diseases nnd weakness not
/i^-.T^^^i^P^^^^i 1^^^^^ only in their earlier stapes.
f d^^^^^^^*^^^?^ N *^S?§Ii« but those which had become
fftissfe&Z^S chronic and dangerous by
(^astSb-^v 7 ' wxg&C had treatment or neglect.
£«»g|jg~3*,' "^-^CnKS Every member of our staff
wgaJ'Sj&'x^'^ has had many years" expe-
dcJSfZf?/// rience in hospitals, general
"^w practice and as specialists in
(f&si&zfW' -=$5S" curing diseases and weak-
'/aiJK*f -51^^-^v^ Our treatment dves vim.
lAM r^SvV'fSfiT^^SN. vigor, vitality, strength and
\v 4'W'' «2''^^/e-!*il 4ff«SH*/ \ ambition to weak and de-
VA 3k£5& A spondrnt men. young or old.
y, r>^. ° = §*^ ~ ¦ •ySS>ss married or single, regardless
• V <B ih'M f, v "liis^^r °f the cause of their trouble.
\ V (gylyfi Vn!** e master wasting weak-
%l^ '^ifi? 1 '/ . We ais ° cure speciai
'ffsllv^i ( < \k^^0^^fT^^^^ J //y and contracted diseases.
>^ vOtS W$$W$$'vfr '^Wlfflh //// nc^ u^ n S 'contagious
1 'fc'/ ¦¦ bl ® od - P° ison ' stricture,
i^li >v ll \ X^^llil^MC y /Z?£&- ture ' piles * disenses of tha
Wn^^^lX^X^0^^^^'' kidne 7» spine, bladder,
nAHAnlUllftM Tiiaa Our reputation is the best We
laflliQHIlHlmn riPP "are popular because we cure our pa-
UUilUUllulEull I lUUVicnts quickly and permanently.
Any one doubting our ability and wishing to test our methods, rem-
edies and appliances may deposit the price of a cure in any bank in San
Francisco. If a cure is not effected in a reasonable time the bank
will return the money. Payments may be made in monthly installments
if preferred. -Prices reasonable, alike. to rich or poor.
731 Market Street I ™«« -0^M
6AN FRANCISCO. I -WUBACiUJ^- Sundays-9toUCOVELO. Sept. 12.— While rldlnff an unbroken
horse this morning-, Jen* Ooforth of Poonklny
was thrown from the animal and seriously hurt.
The team of San Francisco cricketers
that Is visiting Lake County played
against the Lakeport eleven at Lakoport
on Monday and defeated them by more
than a hundred runs. The I^akeport rep
resentatives made no stand against the
visitors, not one of the home team scor
ing double fifrures. Croll and Casidy took
four wickets each, the remaining two men
being run out. For the visitors R. B.
Hojrue scored 51. F. Croll 17, J. Myers 12
anri-C. P. Cole 10. The total for the In
nihKs was 139. Keellnjr captured 4 wick
ets and C. M. Hammond 3.
CITY CRICKETERS *
WIN HANDSOMELY
Brooklyn '. 6 10 X
BatterieB— Hahn and Peitz: McGlnnith and
Farrell. Umpire — Snyder.
BROOKLYN, Sept 12.— The frame to-day was
a see-saw affair and was lonff drawn out on
account of the kicking of the visitors. Attend
ance. 800. Score:
Clubs— • i R. II. E.
Cincinnati 4 8 1
Chicago '. 8 S j
New York 7 12 4
Batteries — J. Taylor and Kilns: A. Taylor and
Bowerman. Umpire — Gaffney.
NEW YORK, Sept. 12.— The New Torks
and. Chlcaffos broke even this afternoon. At
tendance, 2000. Score, first rame:
Clubs — R. H. E.
ChicaRo 3 13 1
New York 1 io 6
Batteries— M-?nef«*e nnd Kllng; Mercer, Sey
mour and Grady. Umpire — Emslle.
Score, second came:
Clubs— R. H. E.
St. Louis 3 7 4
Batteries— Nichols and Clark: Powell and
Robinson. Umpire — Hurst.
BOSTON. Pept. 1».— A (?ale of wind to-day
prevented either team from playing ball. The
game was called at the end of the pixth Inning
on account of the wind. Attendance. 750.
Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Poston IS IS 2
Boston-St. Louis Game Is Spoiled by
a High Wind.
CORRECT STA.VDING OF THE CLUBS.
ciubx— tv. l. ret. Clubs— vr. i* p c t.
Brooklyn ....67 44 .6"! Boston 55 58 .4<t>
Plttsbursf ...68 50 .&«!» Pt. Loui* 52 CO .4*1
Philadelphia S6 i.3 .S01 Cincinnati .52 fil .460
ChicaKo 56 59 .4*7 'New York. ..4S 66 .4U
PHILADELPHIA. Sept. 12.-The finish of to
day's came was as exciting as the veriest en
thusiast >ouM desire. Up to the eighth Inning
WaddeU had been almost invincible and the
visitors* had steadily increased their lead. In
the local team's half of the eighth eleven men
hatted. They made seven hits, three of which
were doubles, nettlnp seven runs, which tied
th<? score. In the ninth, however. Plttsburg
made another run nnd Philadelphia failed to
tally. Attendance, 3000. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
PittcburK 10 17 1
Philadelphia 9 14 2
llatteries— Waddell, Phlllppi and Zltnmer;
Bfrnhard, Donahue and. McFarland, Umpire—
O'nay.
GOOD BALIi AT PHILADELPHIA.
The last few days were full of travail
for Tommy Ryan, with his unhealthy
stomach: for the managers of the Na
tioral Club, with a heavy expense hang
Ing over their heads, and for Manager
Sam Pooler, who does finances for Jack
Moffatt. Ryan knew that if he did not
right Moffatt .'ie would forfeit his appear
ance guarantee. To keep thl«* $250 in his
own exchequer Ryan sent to ZIck Abrams,
the stakeholder, on Monday for a consul
tation about the forfeit money. Abrams
visited Ryan and then and there informed
SAX FRANCISCO has been treated
to several prizefight scandals in its
day, but it remained for thJs, the
last and most ornately and ser
pentinely crooked— the Moffatt-Ryan
fiasco — to force upon the public mind bow
utterly Irresponsible are prizefighter man
agers and athletic clubs, whose sole ex
istence is wrapped up in thy holding of
figlus for lucre.
As forecasted in yesterday's Call,
Tommy Ryan did not light Jack Mnffatt
last night at Mechanics' Pavilion before
the National Club, u corporation consist
ing of two members, J. D. Gibbs and J. J.
Oroom. Moffatt fought A; N'eill. un
iraincd, heavy with fat and a mere time
server. By an accident Neill received the
decision, Moffati dislocating his shoulder
in the third round. .From beginning, to
end tlils Moffatt-Ryan fiasco lias been
covered with a film of chicanery and
cheap jobbery, and the public, gullible
and anxious to be duped, has been made
a ready victim. Patient and cjuiet the pa
trors cf last night's hght waited for the
last turn of the cards. Some expected
that there would be a hand with four aces
in U. but none loosed for one with live.
Two days ago Tommy. Ryan announced
in whimpering tones that the old com
plaint had returned with added forct,
leaving him too weak to battle against
Jack Moffatt. So he notified the man
agers of the N'ational Club that he would
not be in proper physical condition to
appear in the ring on Wednesday, night.
The Ryan-Moffatt bill was a great draw
ing card on its face and no one knew this
more assuredly than Messrs. Gibbs and
Groom. Ryan was seen, cajoled, smeared
with unctuous (lattery and promised many
things, among which was the saving of
his forfeit money, $250. Ryan did what
was expected of him — save out under his
own signature a statement that he wouid
appear primed to tho nozzle with fislic
fire and meet Moffatt according to sched
ule. There is every reason to believe that
the managers of the National Club were
convinced that Ryan .vould not be able
to fulfill his engagement, although they
were anxious to have him do so. Th?
Ryan-Moffatt light meant money in the
club purse.
All Are Anxious.
And then the plot bepan to unravel.
Sure enough, Tommy Ryan appeared at
the ringside— to carry out, they say, this
fanciful scheme. lie would enter the
ring 1 , draw his arms akimbo and look like
a determined eladiator, grim and master
ful. His physician would then pronounce
him unfit- for 'fistic battle, and the club
would refuse to let him fiprht. But all
this' did not happen. Instead of a physi
oiun's ban. Ryan handed over to Captain
Wittman last night a certificate of fit
physical condition. Ryan was there at
the ringside, and he said he wanted to
flfrht^not Moffatt. thoiiph. for he did not
come within the 15S pounds as was atrreed
upon in the original articles. This is
where the piot ripens and the counter
plot begins.
Ryan clamored for the fipht which a dav
or two before he wanted not. lie knew
that Moffntt was overweight and the sick
became suddenly well. .,
"I will fight Molfatt at 13?. but no
heavier." shcuted Ryan. "Or put me in
the ring with Neill. Ill go against him "
Ryan sort of liked fat. conditionless Al
Neill and he seemed to know that he
would bo cast aside, no matter which way
the wind blew, but he shouted Just the
same.
Moffatt's Extra Fat.
Moff.it t, upstairs in his dressing room,
lamented his extra four pounds. As an
excuse for the excessive avoirdupois he
claimed that he was informed on Tuesday
that he was to light Neill and no one else,
so he allowed himself to fatten yesterday
morning. An extra two or three pounds
of fat against Neill would only make the
contrast less glaring.
The National Club of course ruled Ryan
off their track and gave Moffatt the pref
erence. Their original plans must, per
force, be followed. So the battle' was
switched to Moffatt and Nelll. After the
him that non-appearance meant a forfeit.
The Syracusan did not enjoy this an
nouncement, yet he Instructed Abrams to
notify the National Club that he would
not fight Wednesday night.
Consternation laid hold of Messrs. Gibba
nnd Groom. Thoy paw Ryan Tuesday
morning and returns. 1 with information
for the purchasers of tickets that Ryan
would be in capital condition and would
.surely tlfrht Moffatt.
The same afternoon the National Club
¦tened Al Xeill to be ready to fight either
Moffatt or V.ynn r>n the nipht of the 12th
at Mechanics' Pavilion. Neill was secured
in the sum of $1000 for an appearance and
a battle. Not many hours after Pooler
assured his principal. Jack Moffatt, that
the fight with Ryan was absolutely off,
and that he would have to meet Nelll.
Tliat was the understanding on Tuesday
between the National Athletic Club and
Sam 1'ooler. If not expressed In so many
words, it was tacitly understood by the
parties concerned that the flpht would be
Moffatt-Nelll. and not Mnffatt-Ryan.
Plot Begins to Unravel.
Photo by Bushnell.
PUGILIST AL NEILL.
GAME JANICE
IS TIRELESS AND
PROVES VICTOR
Meek's Trotter Proves a Sur
prise io the Talent in
the 2:21 Event.
NEW YORK, Sept. 12.— In the opening
event, the 2:10 trot at the Empire track,
there were eight starters and the public
'made a lively plunge on Pllatiis.'who sold
at 5100. while the whole field only brought
$125.' The favorite was never formidable
as the race resolved itself into a duel be
tween Green Hrino and Captain Jack.
Eight met In the 2:15 event and Daphne
Dallas sold at ?25 to $40 for the field. The
favorite won in straight heats. Sum
mary:- ¦ ;•¦'.
2:10 trot, purse, $12O<V-Green Brino won the
second, third and fourth heats in 2:liy. 2:11
2:ll'i. Captain Jack won the first heat in 1:12.
Little Dick. Louise Mac. Pilatus. Delia Wilkes
Onward Silver and Ellert also started.
2:15 pac$. purse $1200— Daphne Dallas won
three straight heats in 2:12H, 2:13%, 2:11H. Lo
lita. Connie Hardee Boy. Ida Mont. Orira I),
Baron and Robert B also started.
Kree-fcr-all wagon trot— Franker won, Zem
bla second. Time, 2:J4%.
, 2:11 pace, purse $1200— Art Aleo won the first
second and fourth heats in 2:12, 2:0S'i, 2:11.
<iyp Walnut won the third heat In 2:08^4. Fan
nip Thornton, Paul lievera and Silv»» Maier
also Etarted. '
GREEN BRINO WINS.
Pilatus, the Favorite, Makes a Poor
Showing on Empire Track.
Following are to-morrow'g entries:
Fin=t race, free for all. trotting, purse Jiono,
mile heats, 3 in 5— Dolly Dillon, Phoebe ChiM
eic. Dlr.ne.
Second race, gentlemen's road race— Munyon,
Feo. Our Boy. Pansy. Abdlne. Uaby Kutton.
Third race, running. Capital City stakes, for
three-year-olds and upward, one and an eighth
miles— El Mido (110), Morinel (112), Asian tlud),
Lou Rey (91). Vincitor (112). Formero (120) Jen
nie Reid (101). Herculean (111).
Fourth race, running. Sunny Slope stakes, for
two-year-old fillies, flve-elghths of a mile—
Havana (110). All Silk (100). Konlc (110), Spain
"War <95 )- Moonbrijfht (110). Maresa (1C3).
Fifth race.- for three-year-olds and upward
Felling, one mile— Caedale (9S), Pnlps (104), Briar
Hill <in7). Pilot (97). Jack McCabe (88), Sunello
(UX>), Toriblo (107). Petal (95), Sea Spray (104),
!>>¦ Del San Juan (101).
Thursday's Entries.
Formatn* nns). S to 1: Hiram Johnson (96). 12
to 1; Trrnin (9fi>. S to 1: Only Me (102). JO to 1.
and I'lloa <SS). 7 to 1, also ran.
Blxth race, running, seven furlongs, for maid
ens, purse f2rtf:
Mnrtin Duffy's b. h.. Phlegt>n, by Piccolo-
Little Hose. S6 (Fogg). 3 to 1 1
Alameda Stable's b. K. Trevathan, 108 (Ruiz),
even 2
\v\ Malwn'R b. m. Miss Vera, 93 (Rrodien), 12
to 1 3
Time— 1:29%.
Lohorina (S2>. V\ to 1. Artilleryman (9.i) 8 to 1,
Almoner (IIS) 4 to 1 and Bamboulia (97) 10 to
1 a'-so ran.
O»pn Uros.' b. 1.. Flush of Gold. 100 (Pow
ell>. 2 to 1 2
Ward Aiarrs' b. m., Loconomo, 104 (GalTney),
3 to 1 3
Time— 1:14.
Fifth race, running, six furlones, eelllne,
handicap, puree J2*.n.
A J. Stfmlcr & Co.'s ch. (r.. Lodestar, by
Midlothian-Starlight. K>6 (Farrell). 5 to 2... 1
Tioilta WO) 10 to 1. Ixjyal S (HI) 10 to 1 and
El Topic U0S) 4 to 1 also ran.
Fourth rare, nmninff. five anil a half fur
3r,T,ft». nja-H^n two-year-olds, purse $2.V>.
Thomas Fox'p br. h.. Phil Archibald, by Ar-
Ullery-FlOHqr, 106 (Frawley), 6 to S 1
T>. S. Fountain's b. g.. George Dewey, 106
(IkSounce). 12 to 1 2
Alameda Stable's b. I.. Location. 100 (Logue),
5 to 2 3
Time— 1:10.
Pr-mplno (lf>T) 4 to 1. Sucrten (103) 12 to 1,
.Tin-ie Jlcple <100) 12 to 1. Uathos 193) 8 to 1.
Castake <.1CS) 10 to 1 also ran.
Third race, running, one mile, selllmr. purse
Matt Rt«rn'? h. f.. Morinel. by Morello-Sun-
Ht. 104 (Powell). 6 to S 1
Abr#y Ptahlf-'s b. m., Jennie rtel<i. 104 1 (Mc-
NIcholF). I* to 1 2
E K Kd wards" ch. g.. Merry Boy, 105 (Far
rell). i to 2 3
Time— 1:42U-
Peron<1 race, trotting. 2:40 class, for 2-yeax
cldF, value $" n Q: .
Leroy. cli. c, by WaHsteln-Zldle Mc-
C.Tf-Knr (Owrn) 1 1
Jmn'c H. ch. f.. bjr Algona (WaJdon) 2 2
Time. 2:55. 2:iO.
Atherine. h. m.. by Patron (Hodden) 7 7 6 6 dr
Mi?=s Barr.abec, b. m., by McKlnney
(W. O. Durfee) 3 6 <i
Time. 2:16. 2:1«H. 2:14Vi. 2:16. 2:16. 2:17%. 2:21^.
Chief <Larr>rty> 1 2 2 4 13 3
Dora. r>o^. b. m.. by Don Lowell
(Hooper) 2153322
Monte Carlo, b. jr.. by M^ndocino
tpulllvan) a 4 124 4 d
Gfrernl Fmith, h. fr.. by Don Lowell
The Summary.
JHrst rare, trottlnp. 2:21 class, heats 3 In 5,
pure>» $lO00:
Janice, b. m.. by William Harold-
FeneMo <B. Pimrsrin) 4 3 3 1 J 1 1
Hlrhmond Chief, rn. h., by Monroe
Four.. run niog events were then rattled
off, the favorites getting over the plato
first in two of them.
. For the mile run Morinel ruled a 6 to 5
chance, and coming from behind led out
Jennie Reid and Merry Boy, with some
thing in reserve. Jingle Jinple blew up
after leading for nearly six furlongs.
- Phil Archibald, at odds of t; to 5. tlnally
ouuof the maicif-n two-year-old class, in
& cheap affair framed up for him came
home on the bit. George Dewey downed
Location for the place.
- Hard luck seemed to follow in the wak«
of .Flush of Gold. The filly looked to have
a royal chance to beat her field in the six
furlong dash, being ins-taJled a mild fa
vorite. Powell got her away from the po^t
last, and in a iierce drive lost the verdict
to Lodestar by a nose. Bamboulia again
backed up after cutting a merry clip to
the bc-nd for the wire.
A seven furlongs selling run for maide.ns
fell to Phlegon. the second choice. Treva
than. the favorite, was badly interfered
with on the far turn, getting up in time
to finish a close second.
To-day the directors decided to abolish
the $lrt entrance fee to races.
William Muiry. the well known local
trainer, will disnope of ten of his stable
of runners on Saturday next at public auc
tion.
Dora Doe 5. Then Monte Carlo took a
heat and his stock went booming, the son
of Mendodno selling a 20 to ti favorite
over the entire field About this time
Janice came along first, when she wa.-i
installed favorite. S. A. Hooper, holding
the reins over game and consistent Dora
Doe, made a bid for every heat, the hon
est little mare trotting a great race,
though getting only third money.
In the number for two-year-olds. 2:40
claj^s, . li,eroy trotted circles all around
Jennie. Hi the only other starter. The
wlnneri tiras a prohibitive favorite.
-; Two Favorites Win.
SACRAMKXTO. Sept. 12.-The patience
of the crowd at Agricultural Park this
afternoon was sorely tried, it taking
s-even heats to decide th* winner of the
2:21 clasp trot, and it was 5 o'clock before
the first running race was called. Just a
little more vim and life Infused into th©
game by the officials would be appreciated
by all.
After dilly-dallying for three heats B.
Simpson, tillcrman of the game mare
Janice, a daughter of 'WllMtim Harold,
owned by 11. \V. Meek of Hay wards,
came alonp: and took a heat. The fifth
heat Simpson lost to Richmond Chief by
laying bark in the limber r.-pion too long.
Then, with Monte Carlo badly distressed
and Dora Doe and Richmond Chief raced
to a standstill, Janlc-f. apparently Rood
for a. six-day affair, won t*"* •••--.••» ¦=>*•-*.•
two heats In commanding fashion. The
backers of the favorite tor inus event,
Monte Carlo, wore kept stepping M.leways
from The r.ta^et. for in the nrst two heat3
lie was not nmonp the three leaders.
With a heat each for Richmond chief
and Dora 1 >oo. pools before the third heat
sold the Held $2'i. Richmond Chief 12 and
Special HlFpatrh to The Call
By F. B. MuHiolland.
Seven Heats Necessary to Decide tho
Race, Which Delays the Run
ners' Contests at Sac
'' ¦¦"-¦ ramento Meet.
Turn.
While Rounding the
?
Was Thrown by Vulcan
BULLMAN HAS
A BAD FULL AT
SHEEPSHEAD BAY
Sloan and the Reiffs Again Pilot
"Winners in England.
LONDON. Sept. 12.— The Rufford Abbey
plate of 3f"1 povcreipns was won by Reid
V.'fJk«rs \Vinkle. ridden by Sloan. The
Taitersall sale stakes, \rith 5"iO sovereigns
odded. for two-year-olds, was won by
Lord William P.orcsfords Moor Sprite,
ridden by J. RoiJf.
The- Mil to stak*-?. TOO fioverclpns added.
th? winner to be sold at auction for 2*)0
sovereigns, was -won by J. I. Drake's Pe
ds-r.i. with L. Flelff up.
The Cleveland handicap plate of 5-» sov
proifrns w?s won by Drake's Royal Flush.
¦rlth I-. noiff up. St. Jacques, ridden by
Slo^n. mme 'n s«~fnnd and Chinook, with
J. Rejff up. ran third.
The Brancato 1'ark plate of 200 sover
ciRns ni won by Amurath. Sloan havlnff
the mount J.iritsa. with L.. Rr if! in the
paddle, ran second and Rrijradicr. guided
by J. R.eiff, came in third. The American
tockpyi thus took everything but the St,
Ix-gef.
\ME3,ICAN JOCKEYS LEAD
BT. T^T'IS. Sept. 12— Two favorites, one
reor.n.d cholc* and three outsiders won.
Track fast. Results:
One rc'.le ar.d three sixteenths, sellinsr— PprunR
<ren, Orria f-erond. Rridgeton third. Time, 2:^3.
Six. furl^r.ps— Tony I>ep;i:nK won. Curd Gil
lock pecrnd. I.Iertiman third. Time, litihil
C»rtf mile — Alife Turner won. Hi N'ocker mc
or.d. HI Kcllar third. Time. 1:(!',.
One mile and a quarter, hurdles— Tor.to won,
Francis J'ope second, U.--iuazet la third. Time.
Fix furlnnsT!. rurse — Hi I^ee won. Lasso Bec
r.n«l. Bummer third. Time, l:Hu..
Se\en furlonp-s— I^a Masfotte won. Colonel
r,sy second. Marie <J. Urown third. Time,
r>ETROIT. Sept. 12.— Windsor results:
Fix furlontrs— l>till won. Joe JIartir. second,
Chanton third. Time. 1:15%.
Five and a ha.lf furlonir*— Divert isemeTlt wnn,
Jafk Adte ff^ronrl. Rotha third. Time. l:OSVi.
Ktve furlfnes — remfapf meat. Pin* Chip sec
ond. I>»tia rtarr third. Time. 1:02'-.
f,.- P n-.lle— Nettlt Repent won. Jessie JarV>oe
f+rcrA. Jlerniencia third. Time. 1:41%.
<¦>:,«> rane. selling— Plasher won. Demosthenes
pe.-oti.i P.lithffu! third. Time. 1:441*.
<">r.e mile— Al-^rcate won. Kound O eecond.
Tyrba third. Time, nv?.
CHICAGO, Sept. 12.— <5rcat Interest to
<1ny was centewl in the special match
race between John A. Morris and Bessie
Macklin: two of the speediest sprinters in
the \V«?>=t. Tlie distance was three
qu&rters of a mile an<1 Bessie Macklin
won by tv.o Ionpths over the horse that
heat h.-r the other day. Weather clear;
track fast. Results:
Ff-ur' an4 a half furl^nr?. KHna T>e\ Colia
Tinr.. Katherine Ennis second, Ep third. Time,
Six furlcjipit. May P-each won. Sly peeona.
rje. 'elf- third. Time. 1:1* 1-5.
- '¦¦¦ ¦ j '.'-t.ase. f^ptemtvr han<51cap. full
c^i:r?i —Passe r.iriout won,' Lord Chesterfield
Efcond. Tlmp. 6:01.
rme mil* ar.d fifty jrards. The Ladjr won.
Fi-arlet Uily second. Florizer third. Time.
5:43 i-V
Vairh. r urw " W*™- six furloneF— Bessie Mark
lin w,t., Jflin A. Morris secor.n. Tirw. 1:13 3-r,.
Five .-ir:; m half furlgnrs, His Eminence won.
Shut I'v second, Harr>- Hercnden third. Tir.ie.
I**
AdmetU- Becoad, CmwiU third. Time, 2:37 L'-i.
Pcven furlong*. Highland Lad won, Specific
mxani, Si:n W third. Time, 1:27 tl.
NEW YORK. Fopt. 12.— Jorkey BuHman
hart n narrow escape from serious injury
in the fourth race and as It was h«» is so
badly shaken up by Vulcan's fall tbat he
may r.-->t h<» Been in the paddle again for
several dayp. Roundinff the far turn,
liullnnn. who had liron ratine: his mount.
iho prohibitive favorite, alonp behind the
field, tried to po up on the rail, and in
rioirip po the horse appeared to strike th a
rail .'in<1 fell i'n a heap. Bullman lay
»-tretchea on tltr track where he fell.
When he reeajnod consciousness he was
jakrn to b!» home. The BeW v.-ent on and
B'.p Cun. the outsider, at 50 to 1. won In
Blow time. Weather clear; track fast.
Results:
Five and a half furlf>nes. I^a Vnlliero won,
Ta'.r'n.ri) aecoDd. Scurry third. Time. 1:0? l-j.
One f.!,ii uti eiSbtll ni'.lef. 1 scarier won. Kir.R
Bramble meeaoA. Baacor third. Time. liE4 4-o.
Ptve furl'tnps. Itari'.nra 1'rietchi" won, Julia
Hanover peconfl, Temjilcton third. Time,
1 '¦" C-."i
<•:;.. and a f-lxtoenth miles, Rijr Oun won,
Trltpor iMMod, Wither* third. Tim*. 1 :f.O 1-5.
about *-!x furK'nfiP, Felling:. r»«ilando won,
H'.m TIM aecond. ElSn Conlp third. Time,
l:ll :-S.
i nt mile vnA mtoty yard*. Rpfl Fath won,
ftinAfari second. Nabokilsh third. Time,
1:4* 3-0
Bessie Macklin Beats John A. Mor-
Match Race at
Chicag-o.
ris by Two Lengths in a
WILD TRALEE IS
RESURRECTED AS
A STAKE WINNER
Tim Cronin's luck has changed. Follow
ing the victory of his sapling Vandal
Tuesday comes the ancient campaigner
Wild Tralee, rounded tack to old-time
form and with speed_ enough to outrun
anything on yesterday's midweek card.
The winner piled up a heavy score in his
six courses and closed his clever exhibi
tion by beating the runner-up, Scottish
Chief, pointless, getting fourteen to his
credit.
The hares forced the dogs to do some
extra Ions? courses, and there were numer
ous "escapes."
Al! through the stake the runs wore won
on mtrit so far as speed was concerned,
as the hares were strong enough to well
test the running qualities of their pur
suers, although the plungers were given
a bad scare in tho run-down in the go be
lw?en St. Helm and Martha Washington. ;
Pa^ha Kennels' Real Article, for the
second time out, did great work and es
tablished a reputation as a comer. He
beat Daisy Dale on the short end at 4 to 1
in the first round, scored five points to '
Amarosa's one in the next ko and in tb«
third round in a hard course in which he
displayed all kinds of cleverness beat
Moonbright 19 to 17. Flying Daisy also
showed up well. The day's results, with
JudRp John Grace's official scores, follow:
Midweek reserve Bt3ke. first round— K.
Gcary'a America beat F. A. McCnnuY* Storm
King. 18-1: Aeneid Krnnpls' Achilles beat H.
A. Deckelman's Huby Rocket, 3-0; A. John
son's Bald Ragle beat Pasha Kennels" Rose.
Attwood, -4-2: Pasha Kennels' Rapirt Addition
brat J. M. Halton'a Tic Tac, fi-4; E. Burke' s
Nisht Time beat I* F. . Cartel'it Baron Blood.
23-5; S. Holden's Scottish Chief beat M. B.
ICavanau?h'» Swedish, 12-2; J. Byrne's Master
Bly beat F". Moran's Gold Dollar, 18-0; F. C.
Mack's Delia M beat J. J. Esmond's Garden
City, 8-1; J. J. Elmonrl's Go On beat Pasha
Kennels' Reaching; After, W-ft; Nether^'itt
Bros.' Tillie S beat J. O'Dowd'a Shootover.
12-6; Oeorsre STiarman'R Bowery Boy beat I.
>.". Porter's Belle of Llndsey. 10-5: faptatn
Cane's Master Davenport beat J. Kenan's
Lundin UnkF. 18-1; P. J. Rally's lfoonMflti
beat. D. E. Morgan's Americus, Z-^: Jam*-*
Carroll's Krin's Hope beat II. A. Deckel ram's
Bello Rocket. 7-3: Pterl tb Knowles' Amarwa
beat B. Hayes" Falrmount Boy. ?>-<); Pasha
Kennels' Beal Article beat T. J. Cronln'x Oalsy
Hale. 4-3: Maher & Reid's Raci Boy b#>at M. H.
Kavanaueh's Hard Lines, 10-1: P. Stelnhoff'n
Veto beat B. earner's L'nole Ned. 12-2: H. H.
Gray's Terronette beat T. J. Harrington's
Southern Girl, 13-4: J. Smith's Master Work
man beat J. J. Edmund's Whfcky Hill. 4-2:
T. Cooney'n Sweet Faverrtale beat J. Keenan's
Blarkloek. fi-0: P. J. Reilly's Early Pawn beat
Pterl & Knowles' Wa*, 16-10; L,. F. Barters
Banner Bright brat F. Brown's Village
Relle, 5-0; P. MrCabe's Oral* Bo/ a by«:
T. J. Cronin'a Wild Tralei\ a bye: Cnnnrl!
Bros." St. Hel*n beat C. Grau'n Martha Wash
ington. 13-10: Conrtrey & Rouifht's Nlzhtinjrale
beat Georire Sharman'B Bonaparte, 33-1; Con
drey & Roupht's Homeward Round beat Pasha
Kennels' Royal Alameda, 12-4; Condrey &
RouKht's Flying Palsy beat W. C. Ra.ijcer's
Alameda Lad. 11-S; .1. II. Frank's El Capltan
beat T. H. OafTney's Oypsy Queen. 15-12.
Second round— America beat A^hlllen, fi-3.
Raid Er\cl". a hyp; Scottish Chief heat Nljcht
Time. 2-0; Delia M bent Master Rly. 3-0: Gd
On beat Tillle S. 4-0; Master Davenport, a
by»; Mronhrleht beat Erin's Hope. 12-«: Real
Article beat Amarosa. 5-1; Bad Boy beat Veto.
6-S; Master Workman heat Terronettp. 8-»;
Sweet Faverdale beat Early Pawn. 13-11; Craig
Boy beat Banner Rrljrht. f-0: Wild Tralee beat
Nightingale. l!*-3; Homeward Bound beat St.
Helen. 10-8; Flying Daisy beat El Capltan.
12-0..
Third round -America beat Raid Eagle. 16-7;
Scottish Chief beat Delia M. 12-4: Master
Dnvenport beat <"!o On. «-2; Real Article beat
Mnonbrieht. m-17: Bad Bov. a- bye: Cralit Boy
heat Sweet Faverdale. R-2; "Wild Tralee beat
Hrmeward Round. 11-1; Flylnit Palsy, a bye.
Fourth round— Scottish Chief beat America.
16-4: Master Pavenport. a bye; Bad Boy beat
Cralsr Ttoy. 1S-0; Wild Tralee beat Flying
Daisy, 7-4.
Fifth round— Scottl?h Chief, a bye; WiM
Tralee bent Bad Roy. 5-1.
Deciding course— IV 1M Tralee beat Scottish
Chief. 14-0.
— * —
Pasha Kennels' Young Hound Real
Article Gives Some Clever Ex
hibitions of Coursing at
Union Park.
Displays Old-Time Form
and Captures the Mid-
Week Event
PUBLIC IS DUPED
BY THE MANAGERS
Prize Fight Scandal Ripens—Mof
fatt Dislocates His Arm and
Neill Is Declared Victor.
The first fight of the evening lasted but
three rounds. Bonar Wilt, tall, angular
and with an occasional punch that floored
his opponent, Guy Burroughs, put the fin
ishing touches upon Burroughs' chin with
a stiff right a few seconds after the third
round opened. Burroughs, game and
bleeding, fell flat on his back, d»»ad for
more than the necessary ten seconds, and
Bonar Wilt was the unscathed victor.
The second fight, between Dave Barry
and Billy Condon, went the ten rounds
and two extra just to please the referee,
MeDevltt. who made Condon the winner
against all sane and proper judgment.
Barry was picked by the crowd, and when
the decision came hisses, groans and im
precations were hurlPd at McDevitt.
Barry did all the fighting-, Condon'keep
ing as fac away from mixing matters as
his antagonist would permit.
The last act of the farce was played in
the roped ring and ended in a highly sen
sational manner. Impatient and chafing
at the delay, the crowd hissed the an
nouncement of Ryart's refusal to meet
Moffatt because the latter was over
weight. It showed no enthusiasm for
Neill and little respoet for the ancient an
nouncer. No one took any interest in the
fight. For two rounds Moffatt bored into
Neill. who feared collision with the Chi
cagoan's 1 fists. Moffatt was in superb con
dition; NeiH was in the worst possible
shape— jur-t such condition as results from
four day*' tstemming of tide and weather.
He was heavy on his feet, slow with his
arms, all no doubt due to the packing of
fatty tlpftuo he rnrrWl over his muscles.
In the third round the unexpected came.
In a elinrh XHU's Fhoulrt-r was under
neath Moffstt's arm and due to 8 sudden
twisting ami wrench the shoulder was dis
located. Mcffatt stood in tho ring help
less, his arm uplifted. Then Neill rushed
at him and forced him between the ropes.
The referee. Jack Welch, realizing llof
fatt's pliKht. pave Nelll the decision and
the injured fighter was taken in hand by
his trainers.. Captain "Witt man and Dr.
McNutt. who were present, entered thf>
rinp and tried to administer rollef to
Moffatt. who was soon after removed to
his drt\sslng-rnom and his shoulder pulled
back Into plac?.
The managerial troubles do not end with
the rlprht. The backer of the National
Club put up $1000 for a guarantee. As the
purse was $2."00 an extra $l."00 was tak^n
out of the receipts. All In excess of this
sum was seized by the backer, who is out
between $KX) and t'300 on his "angelic" ven
ture. The creditors of the club are left
to obtain their money from tho club's
managers.
When the backer learned that Ryan was
not on tho bill he called Oibbs and Groom
tp refund the money to the spectators, but
they refused.
"What becomes of the forfeit money
Ryan posted?" asks the National Club.
Preliminary Fights.
fight, when Sam Pooler's chagrin and un
happlness manifested itself, he gave out
the details of the arrangements with Neill
before the latter would step into the ring.
Nelll was promised $1000 for appearance
and a pommeling. He knew that Moffatt
had licked him twice when he was in con
dition and evidently felt no doubt that
the same thing would happen again.
"More money." said Neill and Manager
Pooler and Managers Gibbs and Groom
were forced to accede. The deal was then
made that of a $2500 purse Al Nelll should
receive $1250.
"But I must not be put out," said Nelll.
"What could I do," said Pooler. "He
had us on the hip. so I promised Nelll
that Moffatt would not put him out."
Last Act of the Farce.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 13, 1900.
4
ADVERTISEKENTS.
Is only one form of the suffering result-
lag from a diseased condition of the
tensitive womanly organism. The only
way to cure the headache is to cure the
diseases which cause it.
The use of Dr. Pierce's Favorite Pre-
scription has been the means of curing
thousands of women of headache, back-
ache, female weakness and other forms
of disease peculiar to women. It estab-
lishes regularity, dries weakening drains,
beaU inflammation and ulceration and
Cures bearing-down pains.
"I think if it Trwe not for your ' Favorite Pre-
scription ' I would have been in . my grave."
•rrite* Mrs. Edwin H. Gardner, of Egypt. Ply-
inouth Co.. Masf., Box 14. "I had pain all ever
«e. and such a dragging feeling it seemed I
tould not do my hou-t- ¦.to; t . I had to ait down
to wash the dishes, eveu. In the year 1897 I was
90 sick I did not care to live and prayed many
times that God would take me. One day I
thought I wo-jld write to Dr. Pierce. In a Sew
days X received an inm-tr. I decided to try his
medicine, and to-day I am a well woman. I have
00 headache, no pain at all, I used always to
have headaches previous to the monthly period,
aud «ucb pain that I would roll on the floor in
ajrony. Thi« sometimes would occur every two
weeks, and I would be very weak afterward. I
was in pain all over. My feet would slip front
tmder me when I would try to go across the
room, and I could not walk any distance with-
otit being ia pain. I took three, bottles of
'Favorite Prescription' and three of 'Golden
Medical Discovery' and three vials of Doctor
Pierce's Pellets, and was completely cured."
Dr. Pierce'« Pellets stimulate the liver.
LADD'S GUN STORE,
k^jjji-^^^**^ *"1 Kesrny *treet. S. F.. for
JPS>^^ Fishing Tackle and Sporting'
> Goods. The largest stock on
the Paelfle Coaet of every description, gend 4
cents (a poBtsuse etamr.s for urn lfalcat W-o**«.
illustrated catalogue, No. 4..
_ rrr^_ rn _ r ABVEBTISEMENTS.
i^^^?¥^^^^fci Bound hand and foot to household drudgery, scrubbing^^^
Wlt&f? and rubbin^ da y in and da y ou t doing your cleaning %
Stt^^^^M W*^¥ m the hard old * ashioned way— woman, why do you do %
W$Mf^*^^^^^^j^^^^ l *^ ' B reak away and use , g
¦j^S^"c:5l^^S >1 * !l This famous cleanser has proven the emancipation if
°* thousar| d s of other women— why not yours? Let f*
"GOLD DUST do more of the work, you do more of the I
\ play. For greatest economy buy our large package §
¦W^^^^P^V.V^ THEN. K.FAIRBANK COMPANY,
Sfefe'^S^^K^Efe-^"' '"• Chicago, St. Louis, New York, Boston, Philadelphia. f4^F**$\
ADVEBTISEMENTS. *
Xomively cored Oy clieso
Little Pills.
They also mlkve Distress troro Orspo*^
' tndigesticp and Too Hearty Eating, tS pc>
: 6ect reroMly tcx Dizztnex*. Nausea. DrorvsU
, ness, iJad Taste to toe eiuutn^ Ccwteo T*s**W
; Pain In the Side, TOltPID LIVER, tbey
\ Regulate the Bowels. ij*uxel7 Vejjeiable.
I Small Fill. Small Dese*
\ibz ipcr&ciiou oil
j BCTTL^dAJ THEjmFnLLERY
l/jedm AieA,W/a}/^cpcr'/?7e/T/o o/ tfie
! U.S. ARMY NAVY Service
William Wolff $ co.
j San fRANCtsco, distributors. ,
'¦ ffrtvart of/fTu'ario-is o~ rtj///e3 Sorfes
I
I YOUNG MEN! /^
You don't need (ta aroun l^r .^^
vrlth dark rine* und-r f > X
your eyes, no energy^ •JfOI> y'
no snap about >'°u>r S \-
from N>rve S S.'
VVn»te or S \ V^i# yTnulckly
X C^ % y/w»akn*. ss ud
"V S <^^S X *\\ troubles whlct
_/unflt you to marry
./^^^•^^ jT by consulting us.
X^\.^^S* X ThotisarviJi of men
X C If >r X rixtf\ at hrme. Call or
DR. COOPER & CO.,
S ,'.\S KKAK.NT ST.. S. F.. Cal.
patents! J
320 MARKET S.r
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
I »^ Pteayriprs |pav«» Broadway
VS^JlD**. r Alnfkai Ports 11 .;.
VI^YE^Jj^^ '¦' • September 13, 'v 2^!. X
t!iW"«^ ' ' '¦ ''¦ ' '• ln - '• company'
ElA^£1\^1 steamer* at Kpattte.
IS^^*Vr?4^ F " r Victoria. Van v
I F t *23*FrfyLi&\ 'R '¦>. Port To»Tnwnd S-
I *• attlf*. Tacoma. Kverett, Ana-
'•"^J cortex ami Sew Whatrnm
l\Va-<h.V. 11 a. m., Spptemhor
1-. IS. 53. :s. Oct. 3. an.l every flfih day
pany's atpamers for Alaska ami C. X. R'y: m\
I Seattle or Tacoma to N. V. r.'y; at Vancou\*r
to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka. HumhnMt nay— 2 p. m.. PPt>-
I'mbfr ir.. 2ft. 25. 30. Oct. 5. anil every flfta
ilav thereafter.
For Santi f'ruz. M.inter^y. Pan PImcnn. fayii-
rvs. Port Harford <?an Lull OMspo). Oavlotr.,
Santa Harbnra. Ventura. Hu»ncm». $*r\ Prilr->
East San Pedro il^s Ansre!e!<> and Vpn^^t '»
a. m.. Sertember 15. 16. 20. 24. 23. Oct. 2. anl
every fourth <1ay thereafter.
For Pan Plero. stopnin? only at Port TTar-
ford <Pan I.uls Obisoo^. Fanta Harhara. F'.nt
Lo» Ane?le» sml RMorfti (I^<« Antjeles)— 11
a. m.. P^ptemher 1*. 1^. tS, 2*?. 3". Oct. 4. an.l
every fourth flay thereafter.
For Knsenarln. Mas?<1a!ona Bay. San .Toyo r?.J
Caho, Mazntlan. Altata. Iji Paz. Panfa Rosali.i
and Guayma.i (Mexico) — 10 a. m.. Ith of ea -h
month.
For further Information ohtafn eompanv'i
I foldert.
I Tfc<? romr^ny r?scn'e<« thA rltrht to rh.T'^»
oteamers, s-vllinff datrs and houra of sallins'i
without previous notice. . jm
TICKK.T OPFICE-1 Xew MontRnm/ry^
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PEBKTVP * CO.. Oen. Aprnts
10 Market at.. San Franrlsro.
THE P. R. &T^oT
niPPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
I 3 O IR, T !_, 1ST TD
From Ppear-street Wharf at 11 A M
FAHF f L 2 /' rst 5'^ S3 fncudlna B«rth
runr. $a Second Class nnd Wials
STATE OF CALIFORNIA sails
Pert T> 10 V>
COLUMBIA sails Pent. 5 l.< "j* Oct ',
Short line to Walla Walla. Spokane ' Butt*.
Helena and all points In the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD, Genera! A pent.
GOODALL. PERKINS * CO..
Superintendents.
TOYO KISEN KAMA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR.
ner First and Brannan street*, at 1 p. m..
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Knbe <Hlo«;o). Nagasaki and Shanfchal. an i
connecting at Honskong with st?am«rs for In-
dia. *te. No carca received on buard on day
of sailing.
SS. NIPPON MARH
Saturday. September ti. l!Wl
PS. AMERICA MART". .Wednesday. Oct. 17. l!>0<>
SS. HONGKONG MART* Tucs.. Nov. 13. 1905
Via Honolulu.
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. Fnp
fpelrht and rm'saR* apply at company's office.
421 Market street. corn»r of First.
W. TI. AVERT, O^neral A«;»nt.
AMERICAN LINE.
Ww- tork. sorrrrtAifPTos lostkix m«i\,
Stopping* at Cherbcmnr. westbotind T
From New York Even* Wednesday. 10 a . m.
New Tork Sept. 19| New Tork Oct. ir»
St. Paul Sept. IWSt. Paul Oct. 17
St. Louis Oct. 3: St. Louis Oct. 2«
RED STAR LFNE.
New York and Antwern.
From New Tor* Every Wednesday. 12 noon.
Kenslnjrton ....Sept 13 Southwark Oct. in
Noordland Sept. 26 ttesternlami ....Oct. 17
Frtesland Oct. 3 Kensington ort *|
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO.. a
. SO Montgomery Street.
?0MPAQSIS 0E5ERALB TRA58ATLAHTlQr;2
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. »-~ "
Salllnr every Thursday, instead of -^fjr?^
Saturday, from November I. 1S90. at • : ?»"W#**«.
10 a. m.. from Pier *2. North River, fnot of
Morton street. LA BRETAGNE. Sept. 13- L\
LORRAINE. Sept. 20: LA CHAMPAGNE. Sept.
n- LA TOURAINE. Oct. 4. First class tt
Havre, H3 50 and upward. Second class t>
Havre. 133 and upward: 5 per cent reduction
on round trip. GENEP.AL AGENCY FOR
ITNITED STATES and CANADA. 32 Droadwav
(Hudson bulMins). New York. J. F. FCGAZI
A CO.. Pacific Coast Agents. S Montgomery
avenue. Ban Frar.ctsca
OCEANIC S. S. CO.-HOXOt.Tn.Tr, API V
AUCKLAND ANi> SYDNEY.
S. S. AUSTRALIA (Honolulu only)
Wednesday, Sept. 19. 2 n m
S. S. MOANA (via Honolulu) to New Zea-
land and Australia Wed.. Oct. 3. S p. m
i. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO.. Acts.. 643 Market Si
Pier 7. Foot Pacific St freight Office. 327 Market St
BAY AND BIVEB STEAMEBS.W
~fob u. s. nkrriml^liiiisL^
Steanw "Montlcella."
MON.. Tucs.. Wed.. Thurs. and Sat at s-r
a_ m.. S:15. 8:30 p. m. (ex. Thurs. nl^it)- Fri
days. 1 p. m. and 8:30; Sundays. 10:30 a. m «
p. m.^ LandlnK and office. Mission-street Doct
Pier No. 2. Telephone Main 150& *«c«.
FARE 5Oc#IX A PRETTY
PENNSYLVANIA WEDDING.
Closing Out Odd Lota.
Over 300 framed pictures and panels left,
from 25 cents up, to be closed out to make'
room . for fall goods. Everything- marked
with a red tag -to b« sold at one-half off
the regular price. Sanborn, Vail & Co
741. Market 'Street. . •"
Called There Because of Threats
Which Were Probably the Work
of a Practical Joker.
LONDON, Sept. 12.— The residence of
Ix>rd Sarsbury hore is watched by Scot
land Yard detectives, owing to threats,
which arc now said to be the work of a
practical joker. Lord Salisbury left
Schulchl to-day for England.
BAKERSFIELD. Sept. 12.— William Schott.
an oil-well driller. 40 years of nge, fell dead
here to-day In the Arlington Hotel while stand-
Inc watching a sime of card*. He w-ns af
flicted with be&rt troubl*. His i:\Xa reside at
Omftba.
DETECTIVES GUARDING
SALISBURY'S RESIDENCE
ALARMING SPREAD
OF THE PLAGUE IN INDIA
During the Past Week.
SIMLA. Bept. U.— The plague Is again
increasing. Over a thousand deaths from
the disease are reported to have occurred
In India last week.
Over a Thousand Deaths From the
Scourge Reported to Have Occurred
, The Bockingham Hotel, Knights of
Pythias Hall and a Score of .
Other Buildings Swept Away!
NARRAGANSETT PIER. R. I., Sept.
12.— The season at this watering place
came to a sudden and disastrous end this
afternoon through the complete destruc
tion by nre of the great Rocklngham
Hotel. Sherry's Casino, the Hazard Block
the KnlRhts of Pythias Hall and a score
of smaller buildings which, in summer, are
alive with trade.
The fire started from the upper part
of the Rockinjjham shortly after. noon and
within a few hours all the adjacent build
inps. including the Casino, had been de
stroyed. The loss is estimated at about
$350,000. half of which Is covered by in
surance. The big hotel , was practically
vacant, havins been closed six days.
The Rorkingham was owned by J. G.
Burns & Son and was six stories high,
hu!H ¦• entirely of wood . and valued at
$200,000. The Casino building was valued
atv $100,000. \
The Hazard Block , was valued at $35.
000. The: other losses ranged from $.=iO0
to S10JDOO among about three score of mer
chants. . ' ...
DISASTROUS FIRE AT
NARRAGANSETT PIER
NEW BATTLESHIPS TO
BE THE FINEST AFLOAT
Expected That All the Prominent
Builders in the Country Will
Bid for Contracts.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON. Sept. 12.— '"When the
projected battleships are completed and
ready for sea they will be the largest ves
sels of their class in the world."
This statement was made to-day by
Rear Admiral Hichborn, chief of naval
construction.
"When the ships are deep loaded." he
continued, "each will have a displacement
of 16,500 tons. Plans are being rapidly
pushed to completion and they will be
ready for prospective bidders on October
15, one , month before proposals are
opened."/
Numerous applications for plans have
been received by Admiral Hichborn, and
it is expected that, all the prominent ship
builders of the country will engage in the
competition for battleship contracts.' "It
is considered likely that among the bid
ders will be the Cramp?. Newport News
Company. Union Iron Works, Bath Iron
Works. New York Shipbuilding Company-
Crescent Shipbuilding Company, Kastern
Shipbuilding . Company and the Rlsdon
Iron .Works.
KRUGER FLEES
AND THE WAR
MAY SOON END
President of the Transvaal
Is New at Lourenzo
Marquez.
LONDON. Sept. 12.— The flight of Presi
dent Kruger from what is now designated
as the Vaal River Colony and his arrival
last night at Lourenzo Marquezare regard
ed here 'as indicative of an early end of
the hostilities in South Africa. Another
message from Lourenzo Marquez says the
Transvaal State officials accompanied
President Kruger into Portuguese terri
tory.
Significant also, although It Is uncon
firmed, is the announcement that General
Botha, the Boer commander In chief, is
making overtures to surrender, and the
question whether the burghers will now
follow the usual courso of beaten armies
and lay down their arms, or formally de
clare in favor of guerrilla warfare, must
be speedily settled, it Is. however, be
lieved that President Kruger's action de
prives the Boers of their main pretext for
remaining in the field.
The British war office has issued a long
report from Lord Roberts on the treat
ment of British prisoners of war at Pre
toria, founded on the report of the court
of inauiry. -
Briefly, Lord Roberts declares that the
treatment of the officers was fair, but
that* the food of the men was quite in
adequate and of inferior quality. He de
nonnces the treatment of the Colonial
prisoners as criminals and says the in
human treatment of sick prisoners throws
the greatest discredit on the authorities
then at Pretoria. The prevalence of sick
ness and many deaths of prisoners. Lord
Roberts adds, are attributable to the lack
of proper food, medicines and accommo
dations and the neglect of ordinary san
itary precautions.
LOURENZO- MARQUEZ. Sept. 12.—
President-. Kruger and several Transvaal
officers are staying at the house of Mr.
Pott, the Consul of The Netherlands here.
It is reported that they will sail for
Europe September 24 on the German
steamer Herzog.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 12.— The follow
ing -dispatch has been received by the
War Department from the United States
army officer who accompanied the Boers
in their campaigns, a.3 military. observer:
. '.'Lourenzo ,- Marquez.— Invents have re
quired .the departure of the attaches from
the Transvaal. ¦ Request instructions.
¦¦¦--...., ¦;. . " X : ."REICHMANN."
This message is Interpreted -to mean the
complete collapse of the Boer. 1 resistance
Lord Roberts Condemns the Manner
in Which British Prisoners of
War Were Treated at
CALIFORNIA
METHODISTS'
CONFERENCE
EpeeiaJ Dispatch to Tbe Call.
PACIFIC GROVE. Sept. 12—Agam Cal
iforr.ia Methodism is in anr.ual conference
here and laymen of that faith have in
vaded this city. Rarely in the history of
this conference has there been so Iar« t
an attendance of the laity, all of whom
ere as full of Interest in the coming work
as are the clergy. This conference means
much to Methodism in California, for now
the new laws enactf-d at the recent <Jeu
«ral Conference in Chicago are to be put
into practice here, and besides; the popu
lar new Bishop. Dr. John W. Hamilton
is present as the presiding officer of this
body.
The conference, which is the fortv
cighth. was formally opened at 9 o'clock
this morning with the solemn rite of holy
communion, administered by the Bishop
end his presiding elders, after which th-
L5Ssbop addressed the conference briefly
on his new office.
The order of business was taken up with
the call of the roll by last year's secre
tary, Dr. A. H. Needham of Salinas. The
conference officers and working commit
tees for the present session were, then
elected. The officers chosen are: i
J. H. N. Williams of Napa, secretary
H. J. Wir.sor of Ukiah, statistical secre
tary.
Dr. Thomas Filben of Pacific Grove.
\v. P. Grant of Ferndale, railroad sec
retary.
C F. Coy. postmaster.
The feature of the morning was a reso
lution of thanks to the retiring secre
tary. Dr. A. H. Needham, for long and
faithful service. It was presented by Dr.
K. R. Dille of Oakland and was adopted
by a unanimous standing vote. After fur
ther routine business the body adjourned
till 7:30 to-night, when the members as
sembled aeain to hear an address by the
Hon. H. K. Qirroll of New York, mls
*ior.ar>' secretary of the M. E. Church in
America.
Delegates.
Brief Address to the
Bishop Hamilton Opens the Meeting
With Holy Communion and a
Forty-Eighth Annual Ses
sion of the Church Be-
gins at Pacific Grove.
CAR WRECKED
AND NIN LOSE
THEIR LIVES
Illinois.
AwfuVDisaster Overtakes a
Minstrel Troupe in
CAIRO, 111., Sept. 12.— A terrible rail
road accident in which nine "persons lost
their lives and seven others were injured
occurred at Beechwood, 111., a station on
the Illinois Central road, at 1 o'clock this
afternoon. The dead are:
KATE II. WARD, Si. Charles Hotel.
Chicago.
OLLIE EN'RJGHT, St. Charles Hotel,
Chicago.
ELLA WILLIAMS, or Collins. St.
Charles Hotel, Chicago.
ANNA ELLEN, West Thirty-third
street, Chicago.
MADAME MARGARET, West Thirty
third street, Chicago.
FAITH HAlllLiON, Rockwell street,
Chicago.
ADA and TAT PATTERSON (colored),
Chicago.
ANNA BELL (colored). 3S43 Armour
avenue, Chicago.
The persons killed were occupants of
the special private can of the Duncan
Clark specialty company, composed of
ton men and seven women, en route from
Murphysboro. where they exhibited last
night, to Mound Citv. where they were
billed to npprar to-night.
At North Switch, iiaif a mile north of
iJeochwood, the private car, which was
attached to the rear end of the passenger
train. Jumped from the rails to the west
and crashed across the front end of a
switch engine which stcod still upon the
track. The car was "irashed into splin
ters. The cause of the accident was the
breaking of the rear trucks of the private
car.
Duncan Clark, manager of the company,
was among the injured.
pants Are Killed or
Injured.
Breaking of Trucks Throws Car From
the Tracks and All Its Occu-
MANY PERISH
IN THE STORM
ON LAKE ERIE
Steamer John B. Lyon and
the Schooner Dundee
Go Dowj.
CLEVELAND, Ohio, Sept. 12.— Last
night's hurricane was the most destruc
tive that has visited this section in sev
eral years. The wind at one time attained
a velocity ¦of sixty miles an hour, and it
was then blowing directly from the west,
having practically a clear sweep of the
whole of Lake Erie. " ~
The John B. Lyon, a 225-foot steamer
owned by J. C. Gilchrist of this city,
foundered above tive miles off Connaught,
Ohio, and fourteen of her crew of sixteen
were lost. The Lyon was '.valued at $60,000
The names of her ciew. only two of
whom escaped, are: Captain A. H.
Fenghas. master; L. Carlson, first mate;
G. L % Tyler, second mate; Charles A.
Willows, chief engineer; B. Brown, second
engineer; G. Laskiel, cook; Mrs. Laskiel,
second cook; J. Spencer and W. Smith,
firemen; F. King and M. Nestor, watch
men: AI Brand and P. Bishop, wheelmen;
M. Robinson. C. Glover and C. J. Vane
sky, dock hands.
The schooner Dundee sank about fifteen
miles off this port and a cook, a woman,
was drowned, the master and crew escap
ing on a raft.
On the Former Vessel Only Two Are
Known to Have Been Saved
Out of a Crew of
Sixteen.
Many Bloody Fights Have Occurred
and at Least Six Murders Have
Been Committed in Indiana.
BEDFORD. Ind.. Sept. 12.— Drunken ne
gToes are causing a reign of terror at
Huron, twelve miles south of here, on the
Baltimore and Ohio Railroad, and Judge
Martin of this city has been asked that
the Sheriff and posse be sent to the town
to quell a riot that is on between a mob
of negroes and a number of whites in the
Marshal's posse. The negroes have been
employed by the railroad contractors and
RIOTING AMONG
DRUNKEN NEGROES
received their wages on Saturday, since
when they have be#n spending the time in
drinking and gambling.
Many bloody tights have resulted ami
at least six murders have been committed
among the negroes since their advent
here. Yesterday a number of the black*
Were jailed by Marshal Glory and are
being 1 guarded by a posses of white men.
Friends of the prisoners have armed
themselves and threaten to release the
prisoners.
American League Games.
MILWAUKEE. Sept. U'.-Flrsf game: Mil
waukee I. Detroit L Second game: Milwau
kee 2. Detroit 1.
MINNEAPOLIS. Sept. lC— First same: Min
neapolis 7. Buffalo 6. Second came: Minne
apolis 3. Buffalo 7.
CHICAGO, Sept. 13.— First gamp: Chicaprrj
12. Cleveland 4. Second game: Chicago 3,
Cleveland 1.
KANSAS CITY, Sert. 12.— Kansas City 1.
Indianapolis 4.
to England. Captain Relchmann has bren
cabled permission to start at once for the
United States.
JOHN MITCHELL. PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED MINE WORKERS,
WHO WILL DIRECT THE STRIKE.
those who sat down at the bride's table,
which was in the dining-room.
The gown of the bride was simple in
design, but exquisitely lifted. Mrs. Wil
liam McKinley wore a magnificent high
neck gown of white lace over pink satin,
with diamond ornaments. Mrs. Abner
McKinley's gown was a beautiful crea
tion of silver gray satin-faced crepe du
chc-nc.
The private car Falmouth of President
Duval of the Florida Central Railroad
will be used by the bride and groom on
their wedding trip. A porter and chef
will accompany the car on the bridal trip,
which wUl extend to the Pacific Coast,
where visits will be paid to the two broth
ers of the groom who reside in California
and a cousin of the bride who lives in
San Francisco.
SOMERSET. Pa., Sept. 12.— The wed
ding of Miss Mabel McKinley,
daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Abner
McKinley. and Dr. Herminus Baer
took place to-nisht, and was made
notable by the presence of President Mc
i Kmley. uncle of the bride. The ceremony
| began at R o'clock in the drawing-room of
| the McKinley residence.
At that hour the little ribbon girls, in
advance of the wedding procession, indi
cated the approach to the drawlnpr-room
by unfoldinp the wide white ribbons at
tached to the pillars of the hall at the
foot of the stairs.
Following the ribbon girls was Miss
Kathorine Ends'ey. a niece of the bride,
who carried the bridal bouquet. Then
came Master Wilbur Schell. a nephew of
the bride, carrying the wedding ring on a
silver tray. Then followed the groom and
best man. Lewis H. Baer. Miss Nora Jar
vip. the maid of honor, came after and
behind her was the bride. leaning on the
arm of hsr father. The bride was met by
the groom between the drawing-room
door and the marriage bell in the bay
window, under which Dr. D. Parker Mor
gan was awaiting them. Dr. Morgan at
once began the reading -of the Episcopal
marriage Kervlces.
At the conclusion of the ceremony the
groom kissed the bride, and first to ex
tend their congratulations were President
and Mrs. McKinley. They were followed
by Mr. and Mrs. Abner McKinley. pa
rents of the bride. I
The congratulations of the guests were
foilowed by the wedding dinner, which
was served in a tent on the lawn, save to
SLAYS HIS
WIFE AND
HIMSELF
Julius Petty, Maddened by
Jealousy, Shoots His
Pretty Wife.
THEN ENDS HIS OWN HFB.
Awful Crime of a
Husband in Shasta
County.
Special D!sr*teh to The Call.
REDDING. Sept. It— Insanely jealous
cf his young and pretty wife. Julius
Petty, last night at Harrison Gulch, sent
a r!J1e ball through her body, and then,
placing the muzzle of his weapon to his
forehead, blew o-^t his own brains. When
the door cf the room in Green's Hotel was
forced the body of the murdered woman.
in^hfr night clothes. lay puddled In a
sanpuinary pool upon the floor. The hus
rands corpse was in a sitting posture,
where he had propped himself in one cor
ner Hefore he kil!r-d himself.
Petty was employed as tool sharpener
by the Midas Gold Mining Company and
the couple wera guests at Green's Hotel.
Tuesday night about 9 o'clock they re
tired to their room. Soon after the other
guests In the hotel heard the couple quar
le'.ir.g. Then there came a shot. Sev
eral rr.en started for the room, but be
fore they reachc-d it there was another
chot. The tracedy had been enacted.
It was a grewsome sight the men be
h<='d irben they entered the room. Mrs.
Petty had retired and was lying in bed
whrn ;h«- quarrel arose. Petty nad evi
c. ntly placed me muzzle of his rifle near
hi* aife's right s?ide and fired. The bul
let passed throuph her body. emrrRing
from the l^ft side, just back of the heart.
!:i her death Mrugglf- Mrs. Petty evi
dently turned toward the front of the bed
and then fell upon the floor. Petty, step
line to the comer of the room, fat down
*¦• hind the door, placed the muzzle of the
:;;ri squarely between the eyes and pulled
•:.. trigger. He was still breathing when
discovered.
Julius Petty was the son of J. S. Petty
1 Js;o. (He learned the trade of tool
harpesins in his youth, and became ex
i WI at his trade. H«r found re<id;- em
ptojrcnent in the b!g mines in this iiorth
ern .--c-ction of the Siat-;. Pettv prospered.
and some years ago decided to make his
i. me at Harrison Gulch. He wooed and
\ D Iona Yeakcy of Heading, but tnc
union was not a happy one and the ili
v. :<<> court foon t^p.irated the l!!-mated
l'bea IVtty derided to wed ac-ain. He
courted thr pretty daughter of Miner
Urown of Ic-f). TheT were married. It
¦wa<. not loriK before Petty became In
tensely jealous of hi* handsome wife. So
marked was his conduct that many su«
pected him of being dtinrntod. But no 1
¦ ¦ e ever thoupht h^ wouid be g-uilty of
- rime. Recently Petty underwent a" dc
rere surerioal operation, and some persons
' elieve that this may have unbalanced his
mind, and led him to slay his wife and
himself.
WhlJe employed In th<» machine shops of
the Mountain Copper Company at Kes
wick several years asro Petty attempted
f-uicide by heating himself on the head
with a pair of iron tongs.
An fmuest was held by Judge Mark
ham. The bodies will be burled at Igo
Tr-morrow.
Trag-edy at Night That Startles the
Guests in a Hotel In the
Mining Town of Har-
rison Gulch.
Strike Is Ordered in
the Anthracite
Region.
THOUSANDS
OF MINERS TO
QUIT WORK
Will Be the Most Gigantic
in the History ol the
Labor World.
INDIANAPOLIS. Sept. 12.— At 5:15
o'clock this afternoon President Mitchell
and Secretary Wilson of the United Mine
Workers of America affixed their signa
tures to the document which will cail
142.000 miners of the Pennsylvania anthra
cite region from their work Monday morn
ing and precipitate one of the most gigan
tic strikes In the history of the labor
world.
The document was the official indorse
ment of the request of the anthracite dis
tricts to strike. It was considered by the
national executive board of the mine
workers last week and when the board
adjourned all power to indorse the re
quest for 'the strike was left In the hands
of the national president and secretar>.
The official order to strike was sent to
the three presidents of the Pennsylvania,
districts.
The order is a simple recital of the pro
cedure of the three district bodies In ap
plying to the national board for authority
to strike and a formal announcement that
the application Is indorsed and the strike
ordered. The order says:
"Do not wait for any further notice to
strike, but cease work in a body on and
after Monday. September 17, 1900."
This afternoon President Mitchell and
Secretary Wilson sat in the headquarters.
Both were nervous. They opened tele
prams from different parts of the anthra
cite region with feverish haste, thinking,
as they said, that each message might be
some concession from the operators that
would prevent the strike.
The three district presidents reported
this afternoon that of the 142.000 men in
the three districts. 134.500 would go on
strike Monday. President Mitchell would
not state what secret influence had been
at work to prevent the strike and which
caused the delay. He said the person
at work had offered his services voluntar
ily and that the matter was confidential.
As to maintaining the men during the
strike, he said: "When men are fighting
for just wages they can subsist on very
little. At any rate, it Is safe to say that
nobody will starve or want for necessary
clothlng. Most of the men live in com
pany houses and we must consider the
probability of eviction, but these, things
have all been fully considered and met
as thev present themselves. At this
time it would be folly for the organization
to go into details as to provision made
for feeding an 1 clothing the strikers."
President Mitchell will leave Saturday
for Hazleton, Pa., to personally conduct
the strike.
Prior to ordering the strike. President
Mitchell sent this message to the mine
owners and managers:
A strike is imminent in the anthracite coal
fields of Pennsylvania. If It comes It will have
an injurious effect, not only upon the coal re
gions, but upon all communities where anthra
cite coal is sold, transported or used. The pub
lic, therefore, is Interested In the result. As
the comnany of which you are president con
trols mines In the anthracite regions, n-e. the
authorized representatives of the anthracite
miners. In order to promote the public welfare
and avert a strike, propose to you and the other
coal operators that the whole question of wages
and conditions In the anthracite coal fields be
submitted to arbitration. An Immediate reply
signifying your acceptance or rejection of this
proposition Is requested.
President Mitchell Says That Plans
Have Been Carefully Laid and
None Will Want for Food
or Clothing.
ORDER IS FORMALLY SIGNED
Speaks Freely Re
gardiiHis Wife's
Charges.
DENIAL IN
TOTO MADE
BY McCOY
Says He Would Like to Have
Hall the Fortune She
Credits Him With.
Special Dispatch to The Call
NEW YORK. Sept. 12.— Accompanied by
bondsmen and counsel, Norman Selby.
otherwise known as "KIT 1 McCoy, went
to the Sheriff's office to-day and accepted
arrest on a warrant sworn out by his
wife, who has taken action to secure dl
vorcc. Ball In the sum of JoOOO was fur
nished by Moritz Broekman and A. D.
Harden.
McCoy, with liis attorneys, prepared a
statement in answer to the charges of his
wife and Mrs. Corbett.
Mrs. Selby asserts that McCoy has made
$100,000 in his recent fights, Including that
with Corbett. She says that McCoy
brought back $50,0)0 from the Transvaal;
bis battle with Peter Maher netted him
$20,000; the Sharkey light. $^5 000, and the
recent fiasco with Choynski, $10,000. Mrs.
Selby Insists "that her husband has $100,00)
Invested in good securities. McCoy is also
charged by his wife with having taken
her jewels, worth S5C00.
McCoy denies the charge of unfaithful
ness. Referring to the charge that he
purposely lost his fight with Corbett. Mc-
Coy said: "This story Is made out of
whole cloth by two hysterical women
who have landed grievances against their
husbands— Mrs. Corbett and my wife.
"I do know Harry Heinds. the Western
sportinpr man who is said by my wife to
have bet larRe sums for me on Corbett.
1 sent him no cipher messages, but Just
before 1 went Into the ring I telegraphed
to Heinds that I expected to win inside of
ten rounds.
"I know Kddie Burke, who is said to
have held forfeits posted by Corbett and
myself. Burke would have nothing to do
with such a deal and I have never had
any business relations with him.
"Burke believed Corbett -would win and
told me that he would bet according to
his Judgment. Corbett surprised me and
won on his merits.
"I wa-s In debt before I met Corbett and
I have now only my saloon in this city.
I have always dealt liberally with my wife
and we have lived well up to my Income,
besides which I have made several unfor
tunate investments.
"I wish I had the fortune that Mrs.
Selby credits me with. If she will show
where I have $100,000 I will gladly give her
half of it.
"I sot $7900 out of my tight with Maher.
There was only $16,000 in the house. In
my fight with Sharkey I got $5000. The
Choynski fight netted me only $26(30.
"I was broke when I commenced train-
Ing for Sharkey. I borrowed $1000 to train.
The same is true of my recent fight with
Corbett. I had $1000 advanced me for use
in training.
"These statements can easily be veri
fied. Instead of winning money in my
bookmaking venture, as Is poprrtarly sup
posed, I lost and lost heavily.
"I am sorry that nil this stuff has been
aired in public. I had every desire to
shield my wife. I wanted her to have
things settled before a referee, but she
has chosen notoriety. Had she not at
tacked by honesty I never would have
made any statement for publication."
MrC^v Intimated that "Honest" John
Kelly had been instrumental in making
trouble for him. Kelly refused to discuss
the case.
MRS. CORBETT SAILS IN
PURSUIT OF HER HUSBAND
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK. Sept. 12.— There is a sen
sational development In the marital
troubles of James J. Corbett and his wife.
She has closed her flat and placed her
furniture In storage, and according to the
report that was freely circulated to-nlslu
In the tenderloin, she has sailed for Eu
rope with the avowpd Intention of finding
her husband. If she Is successful, and
there seems to be little doubt upon this
score, as • she is understood to be well
supplied with money, friends of both ex
pect to hear of Interesting developments.
Mrs. Corbett, it is said, has sailed with
the intention of making It unpleasant for
her husband. Her departure, it was told
by a friend of Corbett's, was decided upon
quickly. She enpaped passage and then
hurriedly had her household effects placed
in a' moving van and carted to a storage
warehouse. At the house to-night The
Call representative was told by the man
at the door that Mrs. Corbett was not at
home and would probably not be for a
long time. He admitted she had gone to
Europe in search of her husband. Hei
maid, he said, did not accompany her.
From another source it was learned that
Mrs. Corbett still loved the pugilist and
that she would never permit him to pay
attentions to another.
"I am lefl to believe by her recent ac
tions and utterances that she will make
trouble if she - gets a chance." said a
mutual friend. It is not known to Mrs.
Corbett's "friends" on what steamer, she
sailed. She hailed a cab that was passing
her house in the forenoon end after hav
ing some luggage placed in it was driven
away. ;-':>^ '^
Readily Submits to Arrest on the
Charges Filed Ag-ainst Him and
Avers That He Can Prove
His Honesty.
WAS FORCED TO BORROW MONEY
WEDDING OF DR. BAER AND
MISS MABEL McKINLEY
President and His Wife First to Congratu
late the Couple, Who at Once Left
for the Pacific Coast.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 13, 190O.
5
I Disorders of Men
[ '¦> — S^ STRICTLY RELIABLE,
1 f zwA . Dr. -
t 4D i? I
| mm Talcott
|^^#>- & Co.
\ \\ \ '/¦ SPEC I A LISTS.
i We make a specialty of contracted disorders of men which have become
5 chronic and- complicated from neplect or Improper treatment.
> We are the only specialists in San Francisco with a thoroughly eanipped
5 hospital for the accommodation of out-of-town patients and others wishing
* to remain during treatment.
t Our offices are the .nost elaborate and private in the city, and contain
\ every modern appliance and Instrument known for the cure of these disor-
* ders. We'have the largest practice on the Pacific Coast, treating every form
S of Weakness and Contracted Diseases of Men. and, absolutely nothing else.
J Varlcocelf l« an enlargement of the most Dy far the creater number of patients,
* vital blood vessels In man. It Is commonly seeking relief for so-called weakness, are
> known as varicose veins. In their normal strong, robust men In every other respect.
J condition their function la to carry oft waste Our theory that Loss of Vitality. Prema-
y niiiterial. thus enaDlinc mi? organs to r*- turenfs^. ftc. , lire not wrakimsn, but
I cetve. fresh nutrition. Owing to the breaking symptoms of Inflammatory processe* in the
\ down of the ralves, caused by the paralysis Prostate Gland (so-called neck of bladder).
I of the muscular coat of the veins, they caused by contracted disorders and early
> become dilated and local of the dissipation. Is now being adopted by the
£ blood follow*. The vital nerves, twine de- leading speolsllsta of the world, and that
? prived of their proper quality and quantity burbear. "Weakness of Men." Is remov«d
t of nourishment, weakness is the result, from the list of incurable disorders. Even
i Statistics rrove that ?5 per cent of the the layman can understand that tonics can-
i male population are afflicted with varico- not cure Inflammation, and these cases, un-
£ cele In some stage of the disease. We guar- «ler their administration, en from bad to
k antee to cure varlcooele In one week at our *or». ITmier our lot'al plan of treatment.
i office, or four weeks of home treatment, directed toward reducing the enlarsed and
; without the use> of kntfe. caustic or lljra- swollen Prostate. Immediate results, as In-
> ture. We have cured over 20(10 cases with- dtcated by increased circulation and re-
' out a. single failure or unpleasant renult. nfwnl »tr»nsth. If otvwved. Our colored
t " We Invite correspondence and the fullest chart of the organs, which we wni free on
t Investigation of our methods, and can refer application. Is interesting to any on* wlsh-
> to cured patients if desired. Ins to study the anatomy of the male.
i Offices and Hospital, entire upper floor*.
j 99T Market Street, Cor. Sixth.
'^^^ ADVERTISEMENTS.
A Policeman Cured by Peruna.
Gives All the Praise to Peruna for me completely. / am like a no* man;
His Splendid Health. in splendid health, and give all praise
_ lygjj ¦ to Peruna."
Mr. J. X. Howard of Green Forest. Ark..
ffr&sfye^^ U'v\ says: "It has boen nearly twn months
V "SsSy^^ since I wrote to you glvlr.gr a description
f? v)3» °' Ta^ case. My doctor advised me not to
\l wja take your medicines! he said he thought
Wi . .«*-.-. 2«S| ** e could cure me. I told him 1 would try
]} £!*&&¦ -''tSK^^ K? !rrl a k" t2 t tw< > weeks longer, i>r until I
Ci '&?£%*&. ~^s^r \y2\ could hear from you; liut i i;ot worse
In ¦ ¦=¦- V»l every day. So I told him three or four
V| ~ 1 1 Tf\\ days before I heard from you that I did
Vy\ -^#2^# /. no * w *nt him to doctor me any more.
\\ r fr~S "I began takirg Peruna and Manalin lm-
\ ¦¦irn j. _. I mediately, and when 1 go.t your Setter and
\ I the Ills of Life I followed the directions in
' \ •'*""* I VN . them. I saw there was n<» other chanco
vy..--^- /%*. W" forme. My doctor had no hopo of
J^^^^Si*^jMz&*^ "^ my getting well. My bowels wera so
j/^^^^^£>^. loaiod I could not rest day or
th0 »9t>t my case vvaV hopeless.
"But words cannot express my praise for
**^* $$5$^ Y<7$Cy&K' / 2s' your medicines. My friends were won
x^S>> V$%y/s44^'? derfully surprised when they saw me Im-
— y^Kv^<5r>A proving: for not one of them expected ma
ySiaP / s*^'ir%r to * et wel '- I have not suffered a day
v^> S' since I began taking your medicines; I eat
anything I wish and have a good appetite.
I was suffering from dropsy so bad that I
• A. W. SWANSON could not get my clothes on and my feet
were all swelled, up. I especially recom-
A. C. Swanson, officer of Council Bluffs, mend It to people who have dropsy."
la., police force, member Dannebro Broth- B^f ht 9 <"Mase of the kidneys is only
erhood. writes the following concerning 6 BS^S
Peruna for kidney trouble. He says: nowned catarrh remedy. Peruna. this dls-
"As my duties compelled me to be out ease was considered Incurable. Peruna
in all kinds of weather I contracted severe em"" many cases of kidney disease every
colds from time to time which settled In >* ea r' « v « n a £er all hope is gone, as In tha
the kidneys, causing severe pains and cas « ot Mr - Howard.
trouble in the pelvic organs. As several of Address the Peruna Medicine Co.,
my brother officers had been helped by Columbus, Ohio, for a free book on
Peruna. I thought I would try it. and am p n j l "
glad to say that in a few months It cured Summer Latarrft.OUR WINE AT PARIS.
LETTERS submitted at the meeting of the State
Board of Trade en Tuesday from H. W. Wiley"
¦* of the Department of Agriculture and from W.
H. Mills show that the outcome of the controversy
over a portion of our wine exhibit at Paris has not
been wholly to our disadvantage. By reason of the
controversy more attention has been given to the wine
than would otherwise have been the case, and it is
now assured that the final judgment to be made upon
it by the jury in establishing a rating will be one of
high commendation. . ' .' r ,
Summing up the essential points of the whole con
troversy Mr. Mills says: "The jury of award. Expo
sition Universelle, Paris. 1900, declined to admit some
of the California wines to competition with the wines
of the world because they bore French labels. Sub
sequently the same jury authorized irregular rating
of these wines, which rating was filed with the presi
dent of the jury for such use as he might see fit to
make and for the use of the superior jury when final
action was taken. Publication of these ratings, when
they are obtained, will be of the highest value to the
wine product of California."
. Mr. Wyley's statement of the issue closes by saying:
''A few menjbers of the jury (among them Mr. Phey
rcy of England) having expressed a desire to study
our wines more carefully than was possible in the
ordinary jury work, I arranged for a special trial at
the agricultural space. The gentlemen taking part
represented large commercial interests. They were so
impressed with the excellence of our wines that they
asked me to put them in communication with some of
our principal wine-growers with a view of forming
business connection. 1 am sure that every one inter
ested in the wine industry of the United States will be
clad tojearn that the result of these discussions, bit
ter as it was at times, has been to call a more special
attention to our wines, and to illustrate more strik
ingly their striking qualities. It is gratifying to know
that what at first seemed a serious setback to our in
terests became in the end a means of advancing them.
In fact, it has been demonstrated that our wines are
of such excellent character as to lead to the belief that
MIDWEEK NOTES
OF THE THEATERS
THE New Dominion," Clay Clement's
idyllic comedy, with the author as
Baron Hobenstauffen and L. R.
Stockwell in a suitable role, is flll
in^g the Columbia Theater nightly
with an appreciative crowd. Next week
a double bill. "The Bells" and "Napoleon's
Guard," will be put on.
..->¦ ¦ . * • •
"Cavalleria" and "Pagliaccl" are arous
ing a satisfactory enthusiasm at the Tiv
oli Opera-house, and the reappearance of
t Salasea on Tuesday evening after his two
weeks' absence on account of indisposi
tion was the signal for a tremendous ova
tion The favorite barytone is complete;
lv recovered and his Tonio in "Pagliacci"
!« n flnclv successful creation. He will
be heard "again this evening, Saturday
matinee and Sunday night. •
"The Girl I I-eft Behind Me" is proving
a popular holiday bill at the Alcazar The
ater and for next week the management
win put on a broad farce entitled "The
Widow's Husband," new in this city.
I "Ship Ahoy" at, the Alhambra Theater,
with Ferris Hartman at the helm, la play
ing to packed houses every evening. The
lartre and well-handled chorus comes in
for a full share of applause and Is cer
tainly a feature of the performance.
"On the' Trail" continues to play to ex
cellent houses at the Alta Theater and
will be kept on until Sunday evening next.
Captain Crawford's play will be succeeded
bv "The Bottom of the Sea."
The • Jessie Bartlett Davis engagement
at the Orpheum Is more than a popular
one. ' The fine contralto is in excellent
voice and the: splendid reception that is
nightly accorded her must well repay, the
management for their spirited enterprise
in securing the star. Querlta Vincent, the
Young America Quintet, arid Johnson and
Deft 11 arc others among the new attrac
tions - • -. . : •", • - £ig.SS
Fischer's Concert-house offers a good,
bill, which is also entertaining its num
bers J. £". Voaoo. Mae Tunison. Eudora
Forde. I... B.Behan. -Howard and Camp
bell, Olive Vail and Dutch Walton are
among the attractions.
¦.¦•«¦.•
The Chutes and Zoo offer to-night the
amateurs in "Fun on a Farm," also Sea
bury, the *hlgh diver; the lion act, ¦' La
Llsta, Cannon, the fat man. and others.
-¦.''' * **-'¦• • ¦
. The tenth series of Conradi's living stat-
CAXirORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW. YORK, Sept. 12.— Orestes Pierce
of Oakland is at the Manhattan; Dr. O.
B. Spaldlng cf San Francisco is at the
Hoffman.
THE REPUBLICAN CAMPAIGN
JLBILEE days r>re over, and now the attention
of all citizens should be given to the issues of
the political campaign. It is therefore gratify
ins that the Republicans have arranged to open the
contest with vim and vigor and at once. On Friday
evening at Mechanics' Pavilion the first grand rally
will be held. The orators of the evening will be Sena
tor Fairbanks of Indiana and the Hon. F. E. Hollo
way — s-tatestnen of the first rank and among the most
eminent speakers of the nation. It will well repay
every voter, no matter to which party he belongs, to
ljtarthe great issues cf the time discussed by such
rulhorities as these. :tnd consequently it is reasonable
to expect that hundreds of independent citizens will
join Republicans in attending the meeting.
With the formal opening of the campaign the work
of preparing for the contest should be carried on ear-
M^t'y all along the lir>e. Every Republican should
register and take sufficient interest in the matter to
see that his friends a^e registered also. Time passes
rapidly and there sho-ild be no longer any delay in
attending to that preliminary duty. The man who
does not register forfeits his right to vote, surrenders
the franchise which should be the proudest privilege
of his citizenship and lenders himself hardly more than
;,r alien in his own country.
After registration each who is active enough to
tnicr upon the wojk »>( the campaign should enroll in
the Republican club of his district and take a citizen's
j.-srt in that work. This is no holiday campaign. As
Theodore Roosevelt recently said of the election of
McKinley: *"It was, indeed, of infinite importance
to •elect him four years ago. Yet the need is even
jrreatcr now. Every reason that then obtained in his
favor obtains now, nnd many more have been added.
F<;ur years ago the success of »he Populistic Di-moc
lacy would have meant fearful misery, fearful disaster
r.t home: it would have meant the shame that is wor^e
even than misery and disaster. To-day it would mean
r.Il this and. in addition, the immeasurable disgrace of
ibandonins the proud position we have taken, of
flinching from the great work we have begun."
That is the issue that confronts us. In the language
?»f the street, "it is up to you." Your duty is plain.
Register. Enroll yourself in a Republican club. At
tend the grand rally on Friday evening. Work for the
maintenance of prosperity. Do a good citizen's share
?nd a Republican's share in bringing about the elec
tion of McKinley and Roosevelt and thus sustain
national honor and public welfare.
William Weishar Missing.
Robert Weishar of Visalla visited the
Coroner's office yesterday and reported
that his brother William disappeared in
this city on April 1 of this year. The
missing man was 54 years old and 5 feet
5 inches tall.
Precinct Registration light.
The registration in the precincts last
Saturday was very light, only 2500 names
having been added to the roll by the ROC
special deputies. There are about 2-1.000
citizens who have not registered. Pre
cinct registration will be continued on
Saturday. September 15 and 22.
MARK MANNA'S COUNSEL.
SENATOR HANNA, speaking as 'chairman of
. theRepublican National Committee, has once
more warned Republicans of the danger of
overconfidence and emphasized the need of immediate
organization for active earnest campaigning. The
Senator concedes that every prospect of the time
points to a Republican victory, that all the conditions
of the country justify ?. firm assurance of it, and yer
just by reason of those things there is a menace of in
difference verging upon apathy which forebodes ill
to the party.
It ifj to be noted the Democrats have been stirred
to something like jubilation over the Democratic
gains and Republican losses in Vermont and in
i Maine. They have figured out that if similar changes
! occur elsewhere Bryan will carry the country. Such
• calculations. are of course valueless except so far as
1 they stimulate and arouse a party whose members
j have hitherto been too despondent to do much earnest
! campaigning. In the hope of encouraging the doubt
; ful men in their ranks the Bryanitc leaders will of
j course exaggerate the gains of their party in the Sep
tember elections as much as possible. They Will con
| trasrthc returns from Vermont and /rom Maine this
year with those of 1896, when the Republicairmajori
ties were abnormally large, and they will as far as
they can conceal the fact that the Republican majority
in each of those States is this year larger than it was
ever before, with the sole exception of that record
breaking year.
Leaving the Democratic leaders to indulge what
ever joy the3 r may find in counting chickens before
they are hatched, and in calculating a Bryan victory
in November because in Vermont and Maine the
Bryanites were this year snowed under by a maiority
ii little less heavy than was. that of four years ago,
Republicans will begin from this time to. wage the
contest with renewed ardor. Republican leaders are
rot indulging in the claptrap of predicting an easy
and sure victory. They are exhorting the party to
organize, and are rallying<all the friends of prosperity
In his address to the Hamilton Club at Chicago on
Tuesday Senator Hanna said: "Is it any wonder
that men who have lived during the last four -years in
comparison with those four preceding should fed
comfortable? Is it any wonder that we .should have
fjfaith in our institutions, in our country and in our
selves after the years of McKinley's administration?
But I want to suggest that this is no time to enjoy
comfort, but rather to make ourselves ready for the
work which is before us, which is of more importance
than that of four years ago. We can .prove that by
ourselves. Every man's condition can be compared
by himself. His environment and his observation are
object Je'ssofis. and if v»e expect a continuance of these
conditions we tnu?t feel and act that our full duty can
not be transferred upon ,the shoulders of our, neigh
bors."
That is the lesson for Republicans to bear in mind.
No man can safely transfer his duty to the shoulders
of another, nor stay at home in comfort and wait for
another voter to maintain prosperity. Such'negli
gence of the duties of citizenship would result in de
feat and blight even the glowing prospects that now
shine with omens of Republican victory all over the
land. • -
Sufficient Members and Money Are in
Sight to Warrant /m Actual
Beginning.
President Wheeler of the University of
California, who has been acting as the
chairman of the executive council of
the Commercial Museum, has called a
meeting of the promotion committee for
this afternoon at the rooms of the Board
of Trade for the purpose of electing a
president and a board of governors for
thi museum. A ¦ sufficient number, of
members and sufficient money subscrip
tions are in view, so President Wheeler
reports, to insure an annual income large
enough to warrant bringing the Institution
into existence. The members number
nearly 200.
The executive council, which has had
charge of the preliminary work, is ready
to make a report, which will be received
this afternoon. The finance committee
will submit figures which show the finan
cial situation.
COMMERCIAL MUSEUM
READY TO ORGANIZE
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
ALASKA— PHILIPPINES— S., City. The
amount paid by the United States for
Alaska was $7.2»>0,flOO: the amount paid for
the Philippines was $2O.00O,0uO.
THE OLD BROOD MARE— Subscriber.
City. This correspondent wants to knew
the name of trip author of a poem called
"The Old Brood Mare." Can any of ttv;
readers of this department inform him?
A POINT IN PEDRO— A. S.. Warm
Springs. Cal. If. in a game of pedro. A
has one to go and B has three to go. B
bids three and makt3 high, jrame &rA
pedro and A makes low, A having made
a natural point, goes out first.
BOY ON* RAILROAD-H. H.. City.
There are a number of positions that a
boy might be useful in. in a railroad office
or yard. Whether a boy would be taken
on or not would depend on age. physical
development and intelligence. The proper
way to do is to select the road where it
is desired to place a boy and make ap
plication to the manager.
DTMES— A. B., Ornbaun. CaL. and L.
C. City. A dime of 1S27 does no* com
mand a premium from dealer:.. There is
no premium offered by dealers on dlm-73
coined after 1S-J6. Dimes of 1S27 may bo
purchased from dealers at prices ranging
from 25 to 75 cents: dimes of 1S53. without
arrow head at date, sell for from 40 cents
to $1 while those with date between ar
row head sell for from 25 to 65 cents.
Dimes of 1S76 sell from 25 to 40 cents.
D. S. Fish of Ilanford, a big rancher, is
at the Grand.
I-. E. and L. A. Jung, wine merchants at
New Orleans, are at the Grand.
Customs Inspector J. B. Urquhart has
been transferred to New York City.
Mrs. V. H.. MacLymont and children
from Fresno are stopping at the Occi
dental.
. Jackson Dennis, a prominent mining
man of Sutter Creek, is at the Grand with
his family.
F. il. McLaughlln, an extensive to
bacco-raiser of Havana, is registered at
the. Palace.
Judge H. S. Turner of Eureka is in the
city on legal business. His headquarters
are at_the Russ.
Hervey Llndley of Klamathon, a poli
tician and lumberman, is stopping at the
Palace for a few days,
Thomas P. Cosgrave. city editor of the
Sladera Daily Mercury, is taking in the
sights in this city.
Paymaster J. C. Sullivan of the United
States navy arrived in the city yesterday
and is stopping at the Palace.
William L. Anderson, the former Joint
State Senator of Sonoma, Napa and
Lake counties, but now an orchardist o&
AValnut Creek. Contra Costa County, is at
the 1-ick House.
Mrs. Vanderhurst, wife of Judge Van
derhurst of Salinas, is at the Occidental
on her way home from an extended trip
to Alaska.
John" Finnell, who owns one of the
largest ranches is Tehama County, is
stopping at the Palace. He owns over
80,000. acres of land.
Daniel F. Cllne, in charge of the third
advertising ear of Ringling Bros.' circus,
arrived in the city yesterday and is stop
ping at the Russ House with a corps of
fifteen assistants.
Walter F. Parker, secretary of the- State
Board of Examiners, arrived In the city
last evening ami is stopping at, the Grand.
He will attend the meeting of the execu
tive beard of the Republican State Com
mittee to-day.
PERSONAL MENTION.
uary and "The Dance of All Nations" are
the features for Admission week at the
Olympla.
• » •
The sled slide, the newest sensation in
gravity railroading; the Filipino water
buffaloes, poats and donkeys for the chil
dren and McElrath's trained horses are
attracting crowds daily at Central Park.
A SORRY SPECTACLE.
POLITICS, like misery, makes strange bedfel
lows, and when the politics is crooked the
strangeness of the bedfello.vship comes near to
surpassing all that misery ever saw. An example
among the worst of its kind was shown yesterday
when P. A. Bcrgerot, a gentleman who stands high
in all the walks of life, honored in his profession and
respected by bis associates, permitted himself to be
nominated for chairman of the Republican convention
by Martin Kelly, and. on his election, accepted the
escort of Kelly to the platform.
Kelly is a man who was awarded by a jury the sum
of one dollar as the full equivalent of the damage
cone to his character and reputation by a charge of
having stolen something he didn't steal. He is a mi»n
who for years has kept to the byways and dark alleys
of politics, doing th- dirty work of bosses. Her*-i:i
has been content to laep him in that position. He
his never dared to show himself prominently because
the very suspicion of his support would be regarded a-,
contamination. Even the worst office-seekers who
secretly sought the support of his push liked to be
;ble to indignantly repudiate him in, public and deny
that they had ever spoken to him. He has been, in
fact, a sort of political pariah, scorned even by those
who used him, but new he comes to the front, dis-
I lays hiro>elf at conventions, has the impudence to
nominate men openly, and swells with pride when he
has the gratification cf taking his nominee by the
hard and leading him to the platform.
The author of Kelly's exuberance is the Hon. W.
C. Van Fleet. When that gentleman recognized Kelly
to the extent of appointing Kelly's committee on cre
dentials at the Santa Cruz convention he gave that
creature of the slums a new sense of. self-importance.
Basking and swelling in the beam oT Van Fleet's
recognition, lie has nted it as a sort of introduction
to higher politics. With a sponsor like Van Fleet
the one dollar boss I'sems himself a "gent," and he
pic«ume> to play the part.
Poor Bergerot is the first victim of Van Fleet's
protege. It is but fair to Bergerot to say he would
rot recognize Kelly nor affiliate with him in any sort
cf busine**. lie would not think for a moment of
pfking Keily to his club, nor of associating with him
e\en at a dogfight. Still he has had to submit to be
patronized by Van Fleet's pet. He" is Mr. Kelly's
nominee, and doubtless Mr. Kelly tvill for the rest
of the campaign tell his pals what "me and Bergero*
Mr. Bergerot. we trust, is not going to stay long
iu that company. Street-walking is not good, but it
is better than being a bedfellow with Martin Kelly.
We advise Mr. Bergerot to take a second thought
?nd a bath.
John Valentine, my jo, John,
When we were first acquent,
Tho' mickle gi'en ta prosin'.
We na thocht ye dement.
Y.e blither'd thpn of gold, John,
We hearkit ta your blow,—
Tho' syntax got the worst of it —
John Valentine, my jo!
John Valentine, my jo, John,
Ta see ye we're distressit;
Such a decent, puir, auld bodie
So scandalous' undressit,
Paraded 'round by Hearst, John,
In Bryan's raree-show!
The deil hae scampert wi' your wits —
John Valentine, my jo!
John Valentine, my jo, John,
The companie ye. keep —
Tillman and Altgeld, Croker, Hearst-
Should make a* guid men weep.
They're brennin' blaekies yond, John,
Reflectit i' the glow,
Behold Humanity's smug friend,
John Valentine! my jol!
IV.
John Valentine, my jo, John,
Sin's tree bears hardy fruit;
It grows and grows and grows, mon,
Tho' unco' sma' the root.
So ye'd be stilt respectit
Ta evil still a foe
Had ye na'"ta'en those rev'nue stamps,
John Valentine, my jo!
A. TENNYSON TICKLETABBY.
FRAUDULENT PRIZE-FIGHTING.
IF the statements made by Mrs. James J. Corbett
and Mrs,. Norman (McCoy) Se"lbi', wives of the
two pugilists who recently gave an exhibition of
their physical prowess to/ a large audience in New
York City, are to be given credence, it must be said
that the Horton law, under which the alleged "con
test" took place, has bOen repealed none too soon, j
These women positively affirm under oath that the
Corbett-McCoy fight was a fraud. Mrs. Corbett, in
deed, goes into particulars and declares that she ac
tually drew the checks with which the sporting men
who participated in the swindle were paid for their
services. Furthermore, she says that after Sharkey
fought her husband she paid Trainer McVey $2000
for his services in jumping into the ring while the
pugilists were apparently pummeling each other. It
will be remembered that in consequence of this ex
ploit of McVey the referee decided the fight in favor
of Sharkey. Mrs. Selby, the wife, of McCoy, cor
roborates Mrs. Corbett in many particulars.
Both women are now suing for divorces, and doubt
less if a contest follows they will appear in court and
submit to cross-examination. Perhaps it is vain to
entertain a hope that the pugs will contest, but if there
is any way to lure them into doing so it should be put
into full force at once by a curious and deserving pub
lic. Certainly the gudgeons of New York are en
titled to know to what extent their legs have been
pulled by these two fakers.
It is difficult to decide the exact weight to be given
to such evidence as that which is here presented. But
it is an old saying that where there is plenty of smoke
there is certain to be some fire, and it is not unsafe to
assume that both the "fights" to which Mrs. Corbett
refers were arranged beforehand for the purpose of
robbing the betting fraternity throughout the country.
It has long been apparent to the most superficial
observer that prize-fighting as carried on b) r the mod
ern pugilist is the rankest kind of a fraud. The fact
that most of the "contests" result in the success of the
pug who has the short end of the betting is perhaps
an unfailing sign of crookedness. The favorite can
not always be defeated, and yet that appears to be the
history of the sport. In other words, in prize
fighting the judgment of the outsiders is always
w rong.
The lovers of pugilism in New York have evidently
had their legs thoroughly pulled since the Horton
law went into effect. The pugs have, according to all
accounts, made upward of a million dollars out of
them. But they need not feel lonesome in their ad
versity. The gudgeons of every city in the country
have wagered large sums upon the "contests" which
have taken place in Gotham and have also been
robbed. What should be done with prize-fighting is.
to forbid betting upon it. If the pugs wen; forced to
batter each . other for the gate money perhaps they
would fight square.
THURSDAY SEPTEMBER' 13, 1900
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
/ddress All Communica'.ions to W. S. LEAKE. Manager.
si a x a ecu's °^} CE *_-jl^ * * * T *2 C 5? 1 °!MlJ!5!^!!j??i
I-IUUCATIOX OPFICE..Markrt and Third. S. S*.
Telephone I»re»» SOI.
CDITOIUAL HOOMS....217 to 221 Stevenson St.
Telephone Press 2O2.
Hrltvrrrd t»<r Currier*. 15 Cent* Per Weelc
Single Copten. Q Cent*.
Terms by Mall. Inclndlnpr Postacrei
TAILT CALL. (Including Sunday), one year pt.HH
• AILT CALL <!r.ci-j<".::)K Sunday). « months t.00
JA1LT CALL. (Including Sunday), t month? l.St
">AILY CALL— By Single Month 65s
KT'NDAY CALL Ore Tear l.M
WFEKLT CALL One Tur LOO
All |io»ima»t«r« are authorised to recelre
•nbacripllom.
Eacrl'' ecpie* will be forwarded when requested.
JOHN VALENTINE MY. JOHN
Dedicated, without permisssion, to his Royal and Imperial Majesty, Valentine of
the Many "I's," Czar and Suzerain of the Great Wells-Fargo Express
Trust; Monarch of the Quotation Mark; Lord Paramount of the Rearlms
of Fustiarf, Bombast and Bosh; High Protector of Scraggy Aggy, Silly
, Billy and the Mundane Rag-bag generally; Thrice Puissant Vanquisher of
Rhetoric and English Grammar; Comforter of the Afflicted (enemies of
his country); Grand Master of the Very Noble and Illustrious Order of
the Redhot Pitchfork and the Blazing 3b.ckam.oor; Most Indefatigable
Collector- of Other Folks' Revenue Stamps;
Duke of Balderdash and
(With copious apologies to the shade of Bobby Burns.)
COLONEL BRYAN and Colonel Roosevelt were
both invited to review the Labor day parade in
Chicago and to address the great audience
made up of the participants in that holiday.
It was an occasion not devoted to politics, and was
sc understood by both guests. But Colonel Bryan is
not a versatile man. He has never been able to open
his mouth and speak on any occasion without talking
politics. Other public men in this country have been
interesting talkers on subjects widely away from poli
tics and partisanship. But Colonel Bryan, whether
talking for gate money to a Chautauqua assembly, to a
State fair at Sacramento, a street fair in Peoria, a
church fair at Lincoln or an affair of any kind, has in
variably improved the occasion by appealing to preju
dices an<l making a. partisan speech. During all these
years it has been the same speech with but few varia
tions. His delivery is good, for he is an actor. Like
an actor, he repeats his lines over and over, year after
year, saying shallow things in a deep way, and
audiences go to hear h!m as they attend the, play, and
they come away with exactly the same feeling, that it
was not real. To them Bryan is playing his part, re
peating his lines, doing his strut when his cue comes,
and that is all.
No one was surprised when he improved Labor day
in Chicago by repeating his acceptance speech, gar
nished by an indorsement of direct legislation by the
initiative. He told the working people that their em
ployers and all others, of what he calls the classes, are
against them, and twanged with his long tongue every
chord of envy, passion, prejudice and ignorance that
may be tense in the hearts of men.
The spirit of his speech was to the effect that la
borers and their families are besieged as in an invested
city, enemies all around them. The law*; of the coun
try are inadequate to shelter them, and they must fight
their way out as a separate, distinct class, with no in
terests in common with their fellow citizens. No
pernicious falsehood, no vicious suggestion, was
omitted. He employed flattery and falsehood in equal
parts. He quoted Lincoln on monarchy again, sup
pressing that part of it which shows that it was a
declaration by Lincoln that the Southern slaveholders
-.% ere the people to whom he referred, and that he was
contrasting free and slave labor and the degradation
of the whole labor of the country by having slavery in
one section. Lincoln was rebuking that slavchold
ing spirit which is yet so rampant in the South that
black labor there is not allowed to protect itself by
the ballot. .Bryan talked at length to workingmen it
Chicago about the value of the ballot to them as the
sole means of getting their rights. Yet he expects
120 votes from the South, where black men are the
laborers and are denied the ballot. If there be anv
I'rcscnt application in Lincoln's warning it is to the
di«-franchi«ement of labor in the South. If denial of
the ballot to labor bo a sign of approaching mon
:'ichy, Bryan will seek in vain for it in the North, in
what he calls "the enemy's country." Here, no thanks
to him or his. the ballot has been secret, secure ami
rrivr.te since before he was born. Here, no class of
citizens are shot at the polls and murdered in the
presence of election officers to punish them for at
tempting to enjoy the franchise. Here no laws pro
tect a false count, as in Kentucky, where a poputar
majority of 40,000 ;vas reversed, under the law which
makes ballot-stealing and false count as snfe as preach
ing or hoeing potatoes.
Let Mr. Bryan go South and quote Lincoln and
tslk about the need of suffrage for the protection of
hbor. Let him go to Charleston, South Carolina, and,
summon around him the victims of Senator Tillman's
disfranchisement amendment and tell them about
government by consent of the governed and the
necessity of the ballot to protect the wages of labor.
Let him carry his missionary effort into that section
that needs it and let the North alone, where all men,
white and black, are equal at the polls and before the
courts, and workman &nd employer have equal pro
tection and equal privilege.
In great contrast was Colonel Roosevelt's speech
to the same audience. It was upon the equality of
right and the community of interest in this free coun
tiy. There was not the faintest trace of partisanship
in it. but it was wholesome, manly and sympathetic.
He advised his audience that the best way to secure
rtppect for their own rights was by themselves re
specting the rights of ethers. He told them that no
one could injure them without injuring himself. In
this free society we ate all embarked together, with
fates interwoven. When one part suffers all suffer.
When one part prospers all prosper. Partiality of
privilege is impossible where all are equal in their
I ower to resent it by the ballot.
His talk was wholesome and manly and stood out
in virile contrast to the vile partisanship of Bryan.
Roosevelt has mixcl with men in the hardest and
hardiest experiences. Bryan has not. He has neither
earned wages nor p"aid them. But he is the stirrer up
of strife between those who do.
BRYAN'S LABOR SPEECH
they would find a better and more extensive world
market should they be offered hereafter under distinct
American names, without any reference to foreign
types." ¦
The credit for this gratifying conclusion of wna.
threatened to be a serious injury to California is due
mainly to the efforts of Mr. Wyley, and the State
Board of Trade, after reviewing all the facts, has very
properly adopted a resolution of thanks commending
him for his work. It now remains for our wine men
to consider whether it may not be worth while for
them to adopt the suggestion of Mr. Wyley and give
their wines "American names, without reference to
foreign types." .^...
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THU BSD AY, SEPTEMBER 1 3, 1 900.
We always do things on a grand scale. It is not
every city* in the United States that can sink a ship to
make a naval holiday. r\ - .-¦ • ~.
ii.
6
- DON'T MISS THE GREVT COMIC SECTION.
Sunday's
V^CHJu September J 6, 1900.
From Pleasure Palace to
Madhouse.
Need of a National Con-
servatory of Music.
By H- I- I^OWALSK.Y.
The king of Italy and His
READ... _ ,
Palace.
"VALDA" =
Tbc Most Sensational Story of T VP eS FrOlT1 0I(J Mc*ICO.
the Day.
¦-;.,.. _ .; . - Daily Life of the Circus
IThe Art of China Painting.
A Vanquished Race.
THE SUNDAY CALL LEADS THEM ALL.
The use of Dr. Sle^erfs Angostura Bitters ex-
cites the appetite and keeps the digestive or-
gans in order.
A few years ago a bullfight took place In
Mexico the toreador being mounted on a
bicycle. The rider, Manuel Garcia by
name, was so badly Injured that he died
soon afterward.
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen s>. olO Mont-
gomery st. Telephone Main 1042. •-
Cal. glace fruit 50c per !T> at TownsentTs •
AUCTION SALES.
Occidental Horse nxchanpe— Tuf (=day Evening, September IS,
It 739 O'clock, HorsM, .it 7:'t Howard etreet.
AMUSEMENTS.
Alcarar-"The Girl I Left Behind Me."
Cotajahi* — "The New Dominion."
Alhnir.bra— "S!:ij> Ahoy."'
OryheuTTi— Vaudeville. ;
Grand Opera - hoi; se— "Qua Vadls."
Tivoll— "Cavalleris ltusticana" and "I Pacllarcl."
Olympia, ocrr.er Mascn nnd Eddy streets — Specialties.
Oh'itee. Zoo ar»i Theater — Vaudeville ever}' afternoon and
evening.
Flfcher't— Vaudeville.
Alta Theater. Grnve street— "On the Trail."
Pain'F IJattl^ of San Juan. Folsom and Sixteenth BtreeU.
Futr> Hath? — Own r.lchts.
Tar.fcran Turk— The Gr^at Fair. September 24 to October 6.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
....FOR...
SQUNO MONEY and PROSPERITY!
OPENING MEETING
OF THE CAMPAIGN.
Under the Auspices of the
UNION LEAGUE CLUB
....AT THE..
MECHANICS' PAVILION
T0=M0RR0W
(FRIDAY) E\/EISirNG.
UNITED STATES SENATOR
Charles W. Fairbanks
OF INDIANA
....AXD....
Hon. F. E. Hollowfly
WILL PRESENT THE ISSUES.
Patriotic and Campaign Son^s by the Glee
I Club.
Reserved Seats for Ladles and Escorts.
A. O. BOOTH.
President Union League Club.
GEO. STONE.
Chairman Republican State Central Commute*.The action instituted by; Agda Anderson
against ,the Market Street Railway Com
pany to recover $10,000 damages for per-
Bonar injuries .went to trial before Judge
Dalngerfleld yesterday.
Agda Anderson's Suit.
Callustro Window and Mirror Polishers — They
do the work quickly and do It well. They clean
the glass and give it brilliance. They are last
ing, convenient and economical. Avail your
selves of a good thins. Ask for them at the
Emporium. •
Rev. Herbert S. Bigelow of Cincinnati,
Ohio, will speak upon the subject "Steal
ing as a Fine Art" at Metropolitan Tem
ple to-night. The San Francisco Single
Tax Society has. the affair in hand, and
the public is cordially invited to attend.
There will be no charge for admission.
Stealing as a Fine Art.
Printing and Stationery.
"Marshall" Fountain Pens for $1.00
"Waterman" Ideal Fountain Pens from
$2.50 to $7.00 each. Largest assortment In
the city. Commercial stationery and of
fice supplies at reasonable prices. Print
ing and engraving of Invitations and
visiting cards a specialty. Sanborn,
Vail Co., 741 Market street. •
Supreme Court Decisions.
The Supreme Court yesterday handed
down decisions in the following cases: J.
H. Maddux vs. County Bank of San Luis
Ohispo. judgment and order reversed: J.
W. and J. J. Mabb vs. H. H. Merriam.
Judgmf nt affirmed; Lew vs. Board of Po
lice Commissioners' of Los Angeles, writ
denied; Mittendorf vs. Board of Police
Commissioners of Los Angeles, writ de
nied. .
Harry R. Cooper of the firm of Cooper
& Co. "has sued David Bloom and Phil S.
Montague of the Patriotic Publishing
Company to recover judgment for $900
and $131 23 interest. In* default of pay
ment Cooper risks that the defendants be
committed to tho County Jail for fraud.
In his complaint Cooper avers that on
July 21, 189S, the j defendants prevailed
upon him to execute a contract of surety
ship guaranteeing the defendants' account
with the Sunset Photo and Engraving
Company. It was understood. Cooper
says, that the defendants. In addition to a
bill of $30 50. were only to purchase Roods
of the further value of $25. They ran
the account up, however, to $900. and. It
is alleged, refused to pay the bill and the
plaintiff was held liable. Hence the suit.
Harry R. Cooper Alleges They Took
Advantage of Him as a
XA >¦ Surety.
BLOOM AND MONTAGUE
CHARGED WITH FRAUD
Miss Clara Florence Hamilton and
George A. Martin were married yesterday
afternoon at the residence of the bride's
parents, Mr. and Mrs. Alexander Hamil
ton, on California street. Rev. Dr. Mac
kenzie performed the ceremony shortly
before 3 o'clock, the happy young couple
standing in an exquisite bower of pink
and white lilies. The bride was attended
by her sister. Miss Laura Hamilton, who
officiated as maid of honor, and Miss
Ruth McNutt, Miss Florence Josselyn,
Miss Olive Holbrook. Miss Adelaide Mur
phy. Miss Frances Moore and Miss Edna
Hamilton, who acted as bridesmaids.
Latham McMullin was best man and
William H. Hamilton. John Ralston Ham
ilton, Nathaniel Wilson, Harry Houghton,
Willard Drown and Gerald Rathbone were
the ribbon bearers.
The bride was attired In a magnificent
gown of white satin. The maid of honor
wore a dainty gown of pink crepe and the
bridesmaids were attired alike in white
chiffon over white silk.
Mr. and Mrs. Martin left yesterday aft
ernoon for a bridal trip, keeping their
destination a secret. They expect to re
turn within a few weeks and will then
take up their residence in this city.
Miss Hattie Gertrude Jackson and John
L. Deahl were married last evening at
the home of the bride's parents, Mr. and
Mrs. A. W. Jackson, 1300 Page street It
was a very quiet wedding, only the im
mediate relatives and a limited number
of intimate friends, being preseiit when
the Rev. Dr. Church pronounced the
happy couple husband and, wife. . The
bride was attended by her sister. Miss
Alice Jackson, who officiated as maid of
honor. Grant Laughlin acted as best
man.
The home was prettily decorated for
the occasion with a profusion of choice
pink blossoms. The bride was attired in
an exauisite g-own of white satin. The
maid of honor wore a dainty gown of
pink "chiffon over pink silk:
Mr. and Mrs. Deahl are going south for
a honeymoon trip, and. on. their return
will make their home in this city.
Hamilton-Martin and Jack
son-Dean! Nuptials
Yesterday.
TWO PINK AND
WHITE WEDDINGS
William Bartlett, a young married man
living at 2005 Powell street, attempted to
commit suicide yesterday morning by cut
ting his left wrist and throat with a razor
in front of 245 Chestnut street. Miss
Louise Bun,1schu, who lives in the house,
saw him stagger along the street and fall
to the ground. Thinking he was dead she
telephoned to the Morgue, but finding
there was still life left she got a nurse
from the Pacific Hospital, who tried to
stop the flow of blood. The ambulance
was summoned and he was taken to the
Receiving Hospital. Dr. Bunnell found
that he had cut to the bone of his wrist,
severing the tendons and muscles. The
wound in his throat was an extensive
one, but was only superficial. He lost
considerable blood, but his chances of re
covery were good. If- he should recover
he will not have the use of his left hand
again.
Bartlett has a young wife and a girl
baby a year old. Since he was a. boy he
had been employed In the mailing depart
ment of a newspaper, btit lost his job a
year ago through his intemperate habits.
The loss of his position made him de
spondent. He had not been working for
some weeks. His attempt at suicide was
a prreat shock to his wife. They were not
without means, she said, and there was
no reason for his rash act.
"William Bartlett, While Despondent,
Cuts His Throat and Wrist
With a Razor.
DELIBERATE ATTEMPT
TO COMMIT SUICIDE
Keep your baggage checks until you
reach San Francisco. You will save one
half in the transfer of your baggage.
One trunk (round trip) 60 cents. Morton
Special Delivery, Oakland ferry depot,
650 Market street, 408 Taylor street. •
Notice to Native Sons.
The bunko men and other suspicious
characters who were arrested and de
tained in the tanks at the City Prison till
the close of the celebration were released
by Captain Seymour yesterday morning
on their promise to leave the city, with
tljree exceptions. "Tommy" Wallace, the
notorious crook who made himself fa
mous by stealing the valuable painting
"Elaine" from a store window on Kearny
street about twenty years ago, was booked
on charges of vagrancy and having burg
lars' tools in his possession. George Col
ter and George Collins, two notorious pick
pockets, were booked on charges of
vagrancy.
Three of the pickpockets arrested dur
ing ihe celebration appeared before Judge
Conlan yesterday. Simon Wenne of the
Nineteenth Infantry, who was accused of
stealing a watch from F. P. Day of Baker
City, Or., In a saloon at Grant avenue and
Market street, had his case continued till
to-day, as Day had not appeared to swear
to the complaint. George Downs of the
Thirty-seventh Infantry, who is accused
of stealing a purse from a lady at Geary
and Kearny streets, had his case contin
ued till next Monday. Joseph Sullivan,
the ex-convict charged with attempt at
grand larceny and battery upon P. D.
Nicholson, had his cases also continued
till Monday.
Bunko Men Regain Their Liberty,
but Others Arrested Are Not
So Fortunate.
CROOKS WHO HAVE BEEN
CHARGED AND RELEASED
The Harbor Commissioners held a short
nurPh^ yeS f tCr , d /r- P e extract for the
Lt t« whh old J ur /iber on the front was
li~ to Uam Swlft & Co - f or J3 27 per
hM "f.?™ 1 /eet Last week William Hodge
J? 5 ° for the same Privilege, but ev
nf^pnnf w as called off because a number
ThP ™ p « Said they had not been notified.
MEP H^ge en bfd dV !rS' t^e th C^
l^f e tV2? P pe O r V i e^) e ?e e t COmPany * 86 &nd
shlrf nSrR&SJg" ye A s ?e a r C d h a e y b g£ £%l
tn^s e t r e S am n er fffi ™» bro^ h "h^re^n
has lost all charms for me," drank a
f™ n JJ bslnthe T an< ? then wen * aboard the
«f£r s t^ am f r Berkeley. A few minutes
o'nri^^ ' fer Ji y boat left the wharf
?n?ri « Ju . m i ped ov erboard. He was res
wif^ri nr « e . n . tO the Harbor Hospital,
him m,° .f Robinson and Bauer soon had
low q£m»£ <Janeer. The unfortunate fel
low seemed to be crazed from liquor.
Water Front Notes.
STEAMSHIP COPTIC, WHICH WENT ASHORE NEAR NAGASAKI, IS REPORTED OFF UNINJURED ivn
\ HER WAY TO THIS PORT. ' '
NEWS FROM THE
OCEAN AND THE
WATER FRONT
Government.
Wreck of the May Flint Will
Be Blown Up by the
Ship Wachusett Is Overdue at Kahu
lui and May Be a Total Loss.
Suicide.
Attempt to Commit
Just what will be done with the May
Flint is still a matter of conjecture.
Judging from the expense that was en
tailed in the raising of the Earl of Dal
housle and the Blairmore, the May Flint
will never be seen afloat again. There is
only the small sum of $12,000 insurance on
her, so that the only losers will be the
shareholders, and they have practically
decided to abandon vessel and cargo.
Now comes the question as to who is to
remove the "menace to navigation." The
underwriters will take no hand in the
matter, as their risk is small. The own
ers of the vessel do not want either ship
or cargo, and the captain and crew are
willing to allow their effects to remain at
the bottom of the bay. It therefore seems
to be "up to Uncle Sam" to remove the
wreckage. , . ,
The California Ship Company held a
meeting yesterday to discuss the situa
tion. Among those present were W. E.
Mighell, Charles Budrou, William Bab
cock, E. Kentfield and W. J. Gray. These
men are amons the best known ¦ and
wealthiest of the ship owners of Califor
nia. The captain of " the wrecked ship
was before them and told p»actlcally the
same story as published in The Call. He
was questioned and cross-questioned by
Captain Gray and Mr. Babcock. but failed
to give a • satisfactory explanation. He
admitted that he should have remained in
the lower bay, and said that no instruc
tions had ever been given him to anchor
In the upper bay.
The Overdue Wachusett.
. W. E. Mighell, president of the Califor
nia Ship Company, is a heavy loser on
the loss of the May Flint. He is also
managing owner of the ship Wachusett,
now out 124 days from Newcastle, N. S.
W., for Hawaii, and on which 45 per cent
reinsurance is being offered. Mr. Mighell
and those associated ¦with him never car
ry a cent of insurance on their vessels, so
the reinsurance on the Wachusett must
be on the cargo and the freight.
In the case of the California Ship Com
pany there has been enough money saved
in insurance on the million-dollar Invest
ment to buy a better ship than the May
Flint, while in the case of the Wachusett
there Is more than enough In the insur
ance fund to make all the owners even
should she prove a total loss. Few peo
ple on the water front, however, think
anything has happened to the vessel.
"Want Remains of Barge Removed.
The- captains and pilots on the narrow
gauge ferry steamers want the remains
of the baree that was burnt Saturday
night removed. They say the planking of
the lower floor is held In position by the
anchors and the whole is in a position to
cause damage after dark should a ferry
boat run down on it.
Too Much Celebration.
J. F. O'Brien tried to make a spectac
ular-ending to the Native Sons' celebra
tion yesterday. He went into the ferry
cafe, wrote on the back of a card "Life
TAPESTRIES AND OTHER TEXTILES,
Copyright, 1900,
by Seymour Eaton.
HISTORIC STUDIOS IN HOME FURNISHING.
THE CALL'S
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
I Of all the textile fabrics, tapestry, j
ancient of arts, forms the most poetic of .
hangings, the most romantic of back- ,
grounds, the most artistic simulation of j
the painter's .handicraft. The difficulty |
of understanding the technicalities of this \
noblest cf the weaving arts is simplified }
by its classification Into '.'high warp" and ;
'•low warp" tapestrieo. As it is manufac- !
tured upon the warp of wool, thread, cot
ton or silk, the weft is worked in with j
short lengths of the desired color and |
shading. The loom is formed of two
cylinders or uprights, around one of
which the warp is rolied and around the :
other the web. The upright9 are placed i
vertically in "high warp" and are parallel j
with the ground in "low warp." That the i
high warp method similar to that used to- j
day by the carpet weavers of the East j
was known to the nations of antiquity is j
proved not only in the pages of Homer, j
where Helen is thus pictured as weaving
tapestry when visited by Venus during
the siege of Troy, but also by the designs
on the old Greek vases, in one of which,
from Chinsi, Penelope Is represented as
weaving beautiful hangings upon a "high
warp" loom. Also in Ovid's "Metamor
phoses" there is a description of the
weaving combat between Pallas and j
Arachne in which the methods employed
correspond exactly to those used by the I
Gobelins in making their largest and most
Important tapestries.
Tapestry weaving takes greater expert
ness and more years of training on the
part of the workman than any other
branch of textile manufacture. So much >
depends upon the weaver's taste and i
judgment in the selection, juxtaposition |
and harmonizing of the shades and tones I
to be used that he must needs have the
instincts of an artist in order to produce
a satisfactory copy of the cartoon or
working model. An unsympathetic work
man, laboring und|?r the disadvantage of i
operating from the%rrong side of his pic
ture, Is not likely to produce the desired
transparency of the usual minute hatch
ing and stippling of colors, and his work,
consequently, presents a harsh or mosaic
like appearance. This effect is especially
to be avoided in the execution of
"storied" tapestry, which is woven direct
ly from a cartoon designed with special
reference to the limitations of the weaver.
Some idea of the bewildering infinite
gradations of color forming the palette of
the loomworker may be gathered from the \
fact that the late director of the dyeing i
departments of the Gobelin factories com
posed a chromatic prism of 14.420 different
tones. The best wool used in the Euro
pean tapestry works has always been im
ported from Kent in England.
It was in the East, the cradle of dec
orative craftsmanship, that the art of
tapestry weaving sprang into JBeing: and j
In spite of the political and artistic fluc
tuations which so strongly influenced the
other arts the Oriental influence upon j
tapestry design remained through many j
centuries persistent in Europe. This was
undoubtedly due to the skill with which
the Old World craftsmen adapted design
to technical necessity and yet achieved
effects instinct with natural life and sub
dued overflowing splendor of color. Tex
tile fabrics reached their highest develop
ment under the Saracens of Egypt, who
taught their arts to the s'ubject Sicilians.
When the Norman King of Sicily took
Corinth and Argos he imported many
weavers from Greece to Sicily, where they
quickly assimilated the Sicilian style. an;l
many of the finest examples of Siculo
Saracenic fabrics belong to this period.
The Crusades also modified the decora
tive arts and caused the Introduction of
heraldic badges and armorial bearings
into the designs of the beautiful Sicilian
textiles.
During the fourteenth and fifteenth
centuries Bruges and Antwerp were the
greatest ports in the world, and it was
but natural that Flanders should take the
lead in exporting industries which would
extend her commerce. Consequently the
earliest tapestries woven in Europe were
the Flemish, made toward the end of the
twelfth century at Arras, Oudersarde,
Brussels, Valenciennes and Bruges. This
product of the Flemish looms was ex
ported to all parts of Europe, and in ex
cellence of workmanship and flat treat-
BY MARGARET AINSLEE.
IX.
Note — This study will be concluded next
week.
merit of decorative subjects* has never
been surpassed. Arras, because of Its pre
eminence in the manufacture of storied
woavinp, became a synonym in England
for tapestry in general and waa so under
stood by Shakespeare when he made Polo
nlus say:
Behind the arras I'll convey myswlf.
To hear the process.
An Idea of the various uses of Arras
hangings may be gathered from the illus
tration of the medieval chateau. Hero
were hung the favorite local epica. that
those who saw mlsht read of their mas
ter's valor in the hunt, his prowess In the
tournament; or perhaps It was some Bible
story, some fresco in worsted intended "to
point a moral or adorn a tale. " The
weavers understood thoroughly durinsj
the middle ages how to satisfy the sober
est principles of decoration by means of
a correct juxtaposition of tones, sharply
defined expressions of countenance and
such skiilfulness of grouping that the eye
might easily embrace the general effect.
Many of these pieces are still remarkabty
decorative and singularly harmonious in
character, despite the fact that the sub
ject is no longer clearly discernible.
Probably the most beautiful tapestries
In existence are those made at Arras from
the cartoons of Raphael. Rubens found
seven of those cartoons which Leo X had
commissioned Raphael to paint for the
decoration of the Sistlne Chapel cut Into
strips for the convenience of workmen
and rotting in a wooden box in a Brussels
shop. Perforated by the needle of the
copier, stuck to coarse brown paper,
water-stained and faded, there was still
enough left of the scenes from the Acts of
the Apostles to enable the genius of one
artist to recognize the master genius of
another. Rubens therefore induced
Charles I to buy them for Whitehall.
Cromwell afterward purchased them. and.
after many vicissitudes, they are now in
the South Kensington Museum, through
the courtesy of Queen Victoria. The tap
estries from these cartoons were woven in
a tissue of yarn, silk and sold, and
reached Rome a few months before the
death of the artist who had designed
them. After many wanderings these
tapestries are now in the Vatican, but
are less valuable than the cartoons from
which they were worked.
Four splendid cartoons by Raphael's
pupil. Guilio Romano, found their way
into France, whither they had been sold
as rubbish and where they are now great
ly treasured, one of them having been
copied by the Gobelins in the reign of
Louis XIV. It is supposed that some of
the original tapestries from these car
toons were » urned for their golden bord
ers.
• When Louis XI of France took the town
cf Arras it was practically the deathblow
to the tapestry-weaving Industry of this
far-famed little place, and Brussels, under
the Burgundian rule, soon became the
center of Flemish weaving. The most ex
tensive collection of Flemish tapestries in
existence is now in Madrid, acquired dur
ing the Spanish occupation of Flanders.
It was Francis I, the French delegate to
the far-famed Field of the Cloth of Gold,
who first conceived the idea of meeting
the immense demands for the enrichment
of his royal palaces by uniting at one
center at Fontainebleau both the fabrica
tion and the designing of tapestry. Henry
IV also protected the Industry, removing
the manufactory from one place to an
other until it finally settled down at the
Gobelins. This place Loui3 XIV bought
thirty years later, uniting there all the
principal industrial centers for dyeing,
embroidery, tapestry, jewelry, ironwork,
cabinet-making and engraving, under the
name of the Royal Upholstery Works.
The Gobelin brothers had. in the reign
of Francis I. introduced into Paris from
Venice the art of dyeing scarlet, an en
terprise then considered so impractical
that it was known as the Gobelin folly,
yet which became, notwithstanding con
temporary scorn, most successful. Their
larger pieces of tapestry to-day command
fabulous prices, because of their world
famous brilliancy, consummate technique
and fine texture, many of the oldest
pieces still being In excellent condition,
despite the mellowing of their tints
through age. Colbert, Minister to Louis
XIV, also ordered of them the manufac
ture of a low- warp tapestry suitable for
furniture, in which they became excep
tionally successful.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 13, 1900.
7
Drink Rainier Beer, the only beer on
the Pacific Coast that received a medal
at the Paris Exposition. •
Saving in Feeding. of Prisoners.
Commissary Shaw of the City Prison re-
ported yesterday to Chief Sullivan that
the total cost of subsistence for the feed-
Ing of 2734 prisoners" confined in the City
Prison for the month of August was
AMUSEMENTS.
liL-f H EAT R i-T^O
L.AST FOUR NIGHTS.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
A Story of Indian Military Life,
THE GIRL I
LEFT BEHIND ME !
Seat? for all performances now on sale.
PRICES — lZc. C5c, ISc and &0c
NEXT WEEK.
"THE WIDOW'S HUSBAND "
FrM^ial *rica*rement of ADA LEWIS.
GREAT "ADMISSION WEEK" BILL.
The World-Renowned Contralto,
JESSIE BARTLETT DAVIS
TOVNG AMERICA QUINTET. QUERITA
VINCENT. JOHNSON AND DEAN. HOWE,
WALL AND WALTERS. GERTRUDE
MANSFIELD AND CARTL WILBUR.
tTESTON AND WREN, LITTLE FRANCES
KEPPLER, GREAT AMERICAN BIO-
GRAPft.
Reserved pears. "r>e; balcony, 10c; opera chairs
and box ppatF. FA*.
Matlneee Wednesday, Saturday and Sunday.
ALF ELLINGHOT'SE. Lessee and Manager.
•Phcne, South 770.
The Bipcest. the Best, the Grandest.
EVERY EVENING.
MATINEE SATURDAY. AND SUNDAY.
: "RRtS HARTMAN
WITH
The nautical farcical waerrra, presented by a
eatnpuqr of exceptional merit. Fifty people on
\hf t-taWe. Pretty girts, handsome cottumes.
magnificent Fta*e settings. Popular prices.
15c. 2."><". 35* and ;-Qc
CGI 1 1SMPJ $k •*»«•
EVERl • •: MIT. IXCLTOIXO SUNDAY.
MATINEE SATURDAY.
CLAY L. R.
CLEMENT and STOOKWELL,
Pur-ported by a Strong Company.
IN MR. CLEMENT'S IDYLLIC COMEDY,
THE
NEW DOMINION
Clay Clement js Haron ven HohenstauCTen
Next Week— DOUBLE BILL.
«'TU; DC! I CH /-LAY CL ¦ MENT \
And Dion Boucicaulf* One Act Drama,
"NArOLEON'S GUARD."
GRAND OPERA HOUSE
MATINEKS SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
HEW"M*%WW idQf PANY
ONLY THIS WEEK.
Sut<crb I»roductloa of
QUO VADIS.
Introducir-g In the Arena Scene
ADGIE'S LIJINS.
NEXT \YEEK-"13LVE JEAN'S."
Ewr.ln^ Prices SOc, lie. 25c. Me
A Few Front Hows in Orchestra. 75c.
Ma.tir.ee Prtcej l r> <\ ISc. 25c. SOc. No higher.
Branch Ticket Office. Enuwium.
EVERT EVENING THIS WEEK
AND SATURDAY MATINEE.
THE GREAT DOUBLE OPERATIC BILL.
"Gavalleria Rusticana''
AND
"I PagUacci "
WITH THE ENTIRE COMPANY ALTER-
NATELY APPEARING.
POPLXAR PRICKS 25c and 50c
Telephone Bu?h 9.
CHUTES and ZOO
EVEBT AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
BIG VAUDEVILLE SHOW !
SEABURY7Hi£h Diver.
SPECIAL TO-NIGHT!
THE AMATEURS
In Their Latent Novelty.
"FUN OiN_A FARM."
SATURDAY NIGHT-BIG CAKEWALK !
Telephone for Seats. Park 23.
rtLTA THEATER.
1CS Grcve Street. Phone South 3!1.
'iO-ViGHT. last week, with matinees Satur-
day and Kunday. Kim time on any stace—
TAPTA1N JACK OtAWFOHDS great Iior-
«jrr Drama, UIUFtratjr.it: his Iff* on the fron-
tier, entitled. "ON-THE-TRAIL."
•; h- fail.' Chronicle. Kxam'.r.er. Post nnii
P«l<*t|n acknowledge 1t to lie the best scenic
KM drama teen her* in year?.
1 -ices 10c, 2")c, SOc. Next— "Bottom of the
Sea."
PICfHJTR'Q CONCERT HOUSE.
ri&l/nfcniD Admission JO:.
MAE TUNISON. EUDOHA FCRDE, J. F.
VIACO. L. E. BEHAN. HOWARD and CAMP-
BULL. OLIVE VAIL and DUTCH WALTON.
lie«crve<r Seats, 5jc; Uatinee Sunday.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Cures Blood Poison
A Trial Treatment Sent Free to All
Who Suffer From Any Stige
of the Diseas?.
Cures Cases That Hot Springs and
All Other Treatments Failed
to Even Help.
There has been discovered by the State
Medical Institute, . 203 Elektron bull. line. Fort
Wayne, Ind., the most remarkable Blood Poison
cure ever heard of. It has cured all such In-
dications as mucous patches In the mouth,
sore throat, copper colored spots, chancres,
ulcer^tlons on the body and In hundreds of
cases where the hair and eyebrows had fallen
out and the whole skin was a mass of. bolls,
pimples and ulcers thin wonderful specific has
completely changed the whole body Into a
clean, perfect condition of i physical . health.
Every railroad running Into Fort Wayne brings
scores of sufferers seeking this new and marvel-
ous cure and to enable those who cannot travel
to realize what a truly marvelous work the In-
stitute is accomplishlnc they will send free to
every BUfTerer a free trial treatment. so that
every one can cure themselves In the privacy
of their own home. This Is the only known
cure for Blood Poison. Do not hesitate to
write at once and the free trial will be sent
sealed in plain package.
/ . -, - :- ¦ . ' : ¦-. •:,-
AvisiY OR- JORDAN'S great j
fMUSEUIfi OF ANATOMY?
§ (t$ loamsBim. w.ftfcwa, s.?.ca i
T .Ej The Largest Anatomical Museum in the \
A s^. World. We*kneis«i or any contracted A
Y jg£9 disease pnHI'rlycuredhy the eldest Y
g> gag £3 B £>pcciallitcu the Coast. Est. 36 years-
I S@S?i OR. JORDAN-PRIVATE BiSEASESi^
\ 9d£&&3 Cogitation fre« ind strl<-tly private. \
a i i*>\ I M f" " mel "- personally nr by letter. A A
Y a - Or z3| {I /¦»».» ion Curt tn every case undertaken. Y
At* If \\». WritefiirB«>k.PHlLOKaraVtr4
W t II j!1 XAHBIACE, MAILED FR3B. i AY
6 W II' ?»lu»ble book for menj ' _,' V A
7 OB. JOBDAK A CO.. 1051 Market St.,8. F. 9
DR; GROSSMAN'S SPECIFIC MIXTURE
For the cure r of GONORRHOEA. GLEET3.
STRICTURES and analagous complaints of tha
Organs of Generation. ... _ ¦ ,, .
Price • H a bottle. For sale by OruKflats.
rears'
It is a wonderful soap
that takes hold quick and
does no harm.
No harm ! It leaves the
skin soft like a baby's; no
alkali in it, nothing but
soap. The harm is done by
'alkali. Still more harm is
done by not washing. So,
bad soap* is better than
none.
What is bad soap? Im-
perfectly made; the fat
and I alkali not well bal-
anced or not combined.
What is good soap?
Pears'.
All sorts of store* sell it, especially dniffristsx
all sorts of people use it.
Hitchcock School,
SAN RAFAEL, CAL..
FOR YOUNG MEN AND BOYS.
Separmt* Room*. Gymnasium. UUlUry Drill.
Eta.
CHRISTMAS TERM BKQISS ATJCTOST 14TTL
REV. C- HITCHCOCK. Principal.
TRINITY SCHOOL.tS
It Is desired to correct u erroneous Impns.
>ioo that Trinity School has been discontinue.
It will open as usual MONDAY. August 1
Only beys of rood moral character sue* takra.
O. S. MEAD. 203 Central ave.
POLYTECHNIC
Has the largest and best .equipped department*
In the West. Regular business and ahortliand
course. Student* may enter at any ttma. AIL
graduates la responsible poslttcxia. I"r»« CMft-
logue. Oakland, CaJ,
ED.
Julian Arnold Has Appealed.
Julian Tresenna Blddulph Arnold has
been granted permission to appeal to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals.
The appeal will be heard in October.
$201 84. The cost of feeding 2732 prisoners
for the month of August, 1S99. under, the
old system, was $567 20, a difference of
$355 46.
r ADVEETISEMENTS. - . •
is a liquid fpocf
'%^1I^\W- J^ at tones the sys-
(Ms^^^^^s\ * em * ts use brings
- * appetite, health,
and vigor. Aids the nursing
mother and the baby, the aged, the
111, the convalescent. Physicians
know and recommend it. All
Druggists sell it. Prepared by
Anheuser-Busch Brewing Ass 1 n
St. Lcuis, U. S. A.
Krewers of the Original Budweiser, Faust, Michelob, Anheuser-Standard,
Kale-Lager, Export Pale, Black and Tan. Exquisite and M»lt-Nutrine.
1 -Wanted— Optician: At refractlonlst: 'elderly
person ; salary $30 week. Box 4920, Call. . •
AMUSEMENTS.
AT
TANFORAN PARK
Sept. 24 to Oct. 6, 1900
CSDEB MANAGEMENT Or THE
SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN MATEO
AGRICULTURAL ASS'N
To the live stock breeders of California, as
well as to the lovers of outdoor sports this
Exhibition is dedicated.
The attractions will include:
A HigtfCIass Open-Air Hose Show.
Select Kerd5 of Prize Cattle.
A Complete Exhibit of Swine, Sheep, Goats,
Poultry and Belgian Hares.
Extraordinary show of Dogs.
Attractive exhibit of high-class Vehicles and
other Industrial displays from leading manu-
facturers of the State.
The out-door sports will embrace Polo Games
between players from Southern and Central
California for Championship. Pony Races.
Long Distance Race of 25 miles by noted riders.
Change of horses each mile in full view of Grand.
Stand.
GRAND ATHLETIC FIELD D\Y
CLUB HARNESS RACING
HIGH-CLASS TROTTING AND PACING
In vrhich the Great Stars of the East and West
will meet and make World's records.
All in all the entertainment will be clean,
digniCed and instructive.
GRAND MUSICAL CONCERTS DAILY
Excellent railroad facilities by both regular
and special trains to Grand Stand entrance.
Entertainment each day from 10 .-00 a. m. until
BOO p. a.
BESSY ». CROCKER, PrnldMt
6MRGE ALHEB KEVTUALL, Srrretsrr
KDWI.V F. eaiTII. Gen.nl Xuipr
i^raCUT RATES
||iy TO-NIGHT!
PJL./rVikJ - tan£j Only 5fc,
4;O0 Good Ssits Only 25c and 3:c.
TONIGHT— MILITARY NIGHT
Including Pain's Electric Pyrotechnics.
ABSOLUTELY NEW!
Fclsom ani Sixteenth Ms. Grounds.
SEATS AT SHERMAN, CLAY & CO.'S.
SUTRO Br\THS.
OPEN NIGHTS.
O?fn Daily From 7 a. m. to II p. m.
Bathlr.fr From 7 a. m. to 10 p. m.
ADMISSION, m: CHILDREN". 5c.
Bathing, inrludlnp admission. 25c; Children, 20c.
When we say "rupture cured" we mean it,
for it is a fact that <1urinc the past 20 years
PH. PIEKCET8 MAGNETIC ELASTIC TRUSS
lias CURED thousands of cases. Nothlnff else
like It. Hest retainer made. It does the work.
Investigate fcr yourself. C7CalI for "Book-
let No. 1." or send 2 cents In stamps. Ad-
"magketic elastic truss co.,
t»2l> Market Street. Ban Francisco.
Or 1 1 »."» Broadway. New York City.
«<\^£fW*> w>i -<>!i'K remedy for Gonorrl.«a»
ijKraS^PKEeNbSJ fleet. Spermatorrhoea,
AsSyV^n i ti6<:»rs.'cn Wfaitw, nnnatc-al li#
'ijifty Gcirantted g charges, or BD7 )nflr~>mv
f¥*bfl nr.t to Btrktcre. ' tion, .irritation or nioerv
p-*—^ Prevents cunugloo. ticn ct m u cone u.pi*-
K»y i:E£vm Chemith fig branes. Hen-Mtrinsent.
V " A S* < "or e^nt \u plain wrapper,
4**3w>*^ ' UStyr b 7 express, prepaid, fuf
Si- 00 * or s bottli. |Mfc
FPH EUMA TISM
a m — 'Ci/red-..^
by the waters and the. mud baths
an-l the hot mineral baths of
BYRON HOT SPRINGS
Aadress A. HETTE>JS. Manager,
Byron Hot Springs. Cal.
LOMBARD & CO.. 26 Geary ct.. City Apt*.
PAHAISO HOT SPRINGS,
The CarlfbacS of America, is noir op^n for the
winter season. Address C. T. ROMIE, Paralso
gprlnga.-Cal. ;
KLAMATH HOT SPRfflCS.
The healthiest resort In the pretuest county in
California. Trout rithine — finest in the State
Shove'. Creek. 15 miles for casting. Hunting—
plenty of c»nie In tun-ounding mountains—
jrrouse, quali. deer and bear. EDSON BROS..
Proprietors. l>swlck. Slskiyou County, Cal.
LAUREL DELL LAKE.
•,«i.> roost attractive place in Lake County to
rixnd 1 your vacation. Eoatlnjr. bathing, bowl-
ine tennis, livery, new walks, etc. Wrlt« for
circular to H. WAMBOLD,
Laurel Dell, Lake County, Cal.
XAHLEH'S new summer resort, Cazadero, C*L
Home cooking, excellent fishing and hunt-
Ins; eeneral mdse., choice liquors, clears;
popular prices. .
Attacked With a Bottle.
H. Wiruck was booked at the City
Prison yesterday on a charge of assault
to murder. Early Monday morning
Wiruck attacked D. Dickinson of 9S9 How-
ard street in Annie Zimmerman's room,
116 Sixth street, and inflicted several
wounds on his face and scalp. It is
thought that Dickinson's skull is frac-
tured, but he was able to appear in court
yesterday and swear to the complaint
against Wiruck. . .
; ADVERTISEMENTS.
I Electric I
Sea! Collarette j
A swell little collar-
ette just like the pic-
ture — Of electric seal
with sable opossum
collar and border — A
Just the thing for win- I
ter weather; very styl-
ish.
Not many — So or-
der to-day.
j each
| ELECTRIC SEAL COL-
I LARETTES, with
| Astrakan yoke... $5.00
| ELECTRIC SEAL COL-
j LARETTES, with
¦ river mink yoke.. $5.50 .
RIVER MINK COL-
LARETTES . . . .?Q.oo
If. Liebes & Company
Incorporated,
I IE3-1S7 Post Street,
SAN FRANCISCO.
YES, IT WILL PASS MUSTER.
Every washable garment a man wears,
if sent to our laundry, will afford not only-
satisfaction but gratification to the owner.
We can't afford to return your linen to
you in any other way than "well done,"
and it's extremely "rare" that we do.
Domestic finish for fulldress shirta If
you order it.
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
Office 1OO4- Market Street
Near Powell.
Telephone — South 42O,
Oakland Offlce-62 San Pablo Ave.
PALACE HOTEL
It la universally acknowledged that thesa
hotels possess tho attributes that appeal
to particular people— undoubted luxury and
comfort, unsurpassed cuisine and service
and superior appointments and location.
Connected by a covered passageway and
operated under onn management on tha .
American and European plans.
GRAND HOTEL
fTONG F»O CHY,
Successor to Dr. LAI PO TAI.
graduate of Canton Medical
College, after a very nuccesj-
iul practice of many years in
China, has located In San
Francisco. The surprising and
marvelous cure* effected by
his herbs demonstrate tbelr
potence and his skill. Them
herbs cure over 400 different
diseases, Including Brighfs
Disease. Diabetes, Consump-
tion, Asthma. Paralysis.
Brain. Nerve. Cancers, Tumors. Blood. Mais
and Female Maladies. All' persons afflicted
with any kind of malady whatsoever are in-
vited to call. Office, 727 Washington st. Offl*a
hours— $ a. m. to 12 m., 1 to 9 p. m. ; Sundays,
10 a. tn. . to 12 m. Accept grateful thanks 'or
effecting a cur* of asthma ¦ of several years'
t landing. A. DAKLEY, Baa Rafael.ARRIVED.
Wednesday, Spntemr^r 12
Stmr Wfcitesboro, Olson, IS hoars Irom
Greenwood.
Stmr W H Kruger. Kroff, €0 hours from Tll
lamook; bcund south; put In to land passen
~ Ptmr Rival. Fosen. 25 hours fr:m U^al..
Stmr Santa. Rosa. Alexander. 61 hours fj^i
San IHego and way !x;rts.
Stmr Columbia, I>iran, CS hours from Port
land, via Astoria 41 u hours.
Stmr Newburs. Peterson. 79 hours from
Grays Harbor.
Stmr Scotia. Walvig. 21 hour* from Rookport.
Br utrnr Warfleld. Pattie, 4 days from Oy»
ter Harbor.
Continued on Page Eleven.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Shipping Intelligence.
TO SAIL
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, CO days — $184^
Sterling Exchange, sight ...... — 4 S3
Sterling Cables .....— 4 89
New. York Exchange, sight...... — 05
New York Exchange, telegraphic — . 07%
Fine Silver, per Ounce.... — K2%
Mexican Dollars, nominal........ 49% (ft 50^,
Wheat and } Other. Grains.
• ¦ .. , ¦ . ..¦ , . »
WHEAT— Llverbool ; and Paris futures were
both hlKher." New York was " somewhat lower.
Dried Fruits, A r uts and Raisins.
The market opened quietly after the holidays
v.'ith no changes worthy of note.
FRUITS— Prunes, Santa Claras, 4 sizes, 3c; 40
50s. 7c; 60-COs, 5Vic: 60-70s, 3?4c; 70-SOs. 3Uc: S0
i<0s, 2%c; SO- 100s, 2V»c; 100s and over, 2c; rubles,
i/ic premium; Sonomas He and San Joaquins ',4c
less than Santa Claras, except ICOs and over,
which stand the same. Apricots, 6*i6SUo for
Royals, and 10912c for Moorparks; Evaporated
Apples.; 5fa"tJc; sun-dried, 3Q4c; Peaches, SViftdVtc
for standard, Gft6'/sc for choice and. 708c for
fancy; Pears. 4©7e; Plums, pitted. 5^6c; un
pitted. taiVic; Nectarines, 3@5Hc- for red and
5',A(f?6o for white. ¦
RAISINS — Bleached Thompson's fancy, per
lb, 10c; choice, t»c; standard. 8c; prime, 6c; un
bleached Thompson's, per lb, 6c. Sultanas-
Fancy, per lb, S^c; choice, VAc; standard. 6V4C;
prime. 3c; unbleached Sultanas. 5c: Seedless,
50-lb boxes, oc: 2-crown loose Muscatels. 3 J /4c:
3-crown. 6^Jc; 4-crown, 7c; London Layers. 2
crown, Jl .V) per box; 3-crown, $160; Fancy
Clusters, $2; Dehesa. $2 50; Imperial, • $3. All
prices f.o.b. at common shipping points in Cal
ifornia. - ,
• NUTS — Walnuts, S@10',ie for standards and 9
®llc for softshslls; new Almonds, 12@13Hc for
paper shell, 9H@10c for Eastern and 5@6c for
California; Brazil Nuts. ll(f|12Vic; Filberts. 12@
13c: Pecans, I Htil3c: Cocoanuts. S3 50@5.
-HONEY— Comb, 13* 14c for brlRht and 12V4c
for Upht amber; water white, extracted, 79i@
So; light amber extracted, 7£f7V4c; dark, &g6Hc
per lb. .",'¦¦
BEESWAX— 24@26c per lb.
Provisions.
•Previous prices rule, with a dull market. •
CURED MEATS— Bacon. . 10»»c per lb for
heavy, lie for light medium,'. 12Vic for light. 13c
for extra, light and; 15c for 'sugar-cured; East
ern sugar-cured Hams. 12',ic; Mess Beef, $12 per
bbl: extra Mess. $13; Family. $14; extra Prime
Pork,^$15 50: extra clear.: $19; Mess. $18 50;
Smoked Beef, 12 t ,4 ( ?fl3c per lb.
LARD-r-Tlerces quotedat 7c per lb for com
pound and 9c for pure; half-barrels, pura, 9Vic;
10-lb tins. S»ic: S-lb tlns,->9%c.
COTTOLENE— One-half barrel. ST4c: three
* *
NEW YORK. Bept. 12.— FLOUR— Receipts,
I 23,400 barrels; exports, 21,150 barrels; sales, 12,
j 400 packages: market more active on spring
' patents at old prices.
; WHEAT — Kecetpte. 13S.0O0 bushels: exports.
! 51,900 bushels; rales, 3,100,000 bushels futures,
1 120,000 bushels exports; spot, easier; No. 2 red,
j S0«4c f. o. b. afloat; No. 2 red. 76»ic elevator;
| No. 1 Northern Duluth. 83Hc f. o. b. afloat;
I No. 1 hard Duluth, 87%c f. o. b. afloat. Options
opened quiet and steady, on the firm cables,
but meeting fairly active liquidation from locul
sources Inspired by weakness in the Northwest
and at Rt. Louis, to which was added a less
active expert demand, they declined sharply.
After a final rally on covering the market
cIcb^I steady at %'5^»c net decline. Sales in
cluded No. 2 red March, 84H'5S5c, closed a:
84W,c; May, S4@84^c. closed at MVic: Septem
ber. 78 T 4'3'S0Vi' % . closed at 7914c; October. 7S'«t,fp
80»-ic. closed at 79V4c; December, 81 7-16@S2V«c,
closed at SI He.
HOPS— Quiet.
HIDES— Firm.
j WOOI,— Dull.
COFFKE— Spot Rio. quiet: No. 7 invoice,
SHc; mild, quiet: Cordova, 9%®14c. Futures
closed quiet, with prices 5 to 10 points net
lower; total sales, 7500 bags, including October,
V T^ii 30; December, $7 43; March, $7 69; May,
$7 6."."
UUTTER— Receipts. 6493: steady: creamery.
17^210; June creamery. lSQ^lc; factory. 14Q>
16Vi>.
CHEESE— Receipts, 2262 packages; firm; large
white, lOTic: small white. 10Vi@10Hc; large
colored. 10T4c; small colored, 10%c.
SUGAR— Raw, ntrong; fair refining:. 4Vic; cen
trifugal. 56 test, f>c: molasses sugar, 4c; refined,
firm; crushed, C.5oc; powdered, 6.21c; granu
lated, 6.1oe.
I DRIED FRUITS.
I The market for evaporated apples ruled rather
quiet, but a little steady at unchanged prices.
State common quoted Rt 3H5?5c; prime, 4%(fp
5'ic; choice, 5Vi*i6c: fancy. 6Ji6V2<v California
dried fruits dull and Inactive and nominal on
the basis of 3 t /i'g7 I ,-4c per pound for prunes, as
to size and quality.
APRICOTS— Royal, U@14o; Moorpark, 15<I?16c
PEACHES-Peeled. 14@18c; unpeeled, 6<§&c.
Nezv York Metal Market.
NEW YORK. Sept. 12.— There was. consider
able irregularity In the * metal market to-day.
Nkv York Grain and Produce.
TO ARItrVE
- NOTE— In the above exposition of the tld>u
the early morning tides are given In the left
1 hand column and the successive tides of tha
day In the order of occurrence as to time. Th»
second time column gives the second tide of
the day, the third time column the third tMe
and the last or right hand column jctves th»
last tide of the day. except when there are but
three tides, as sometime* occurs. Tne heights
trtven are in addttton to the soundings on th»
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the helsht,
and then the number grlven Is subtracted from
the depth given by th«» charts. The plane of
reference Is trie mean of the lower low waters.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey —
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to Saa
Francisco Cay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city fr^nt « Mission-street wharf) about
twenty five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide Is the same at both pla -ea.
Neiv York Stock Market.
NEW YORK, Sept. 12.— Very little can be
cald of Euch a market as that of to-day be
vord the chronicle of the movements of indi
vidual ttocks. I>ealines fell nearer the point |
cf s-tajnatton than even the record of the re- I
cent dullness has yet shown. The few stocks j
that showed any appreciable movement were j
not influcm-ed by anv general condition of '
business, and It was dlftteult in some oases U> |
account for the movement. Telegraphic com- i
mur.lcation was much interruptetl by the storms !
in the West, ar.d this was goffered, as an ex- J
plnr.ation of the extraordinary business, but I
as orders received by teleurauh and executed j
:n trie market have net been a i>erceptible in- I
fluence lor many months past, the explanation i
was not convincing. The most mercurial gpe- j
cialtiep, r.ar.iely People's Gas, Sugar and Brook- j
lyn Transit, maintained their jxxir pre-eminence I
in the market. But the range of their fluctua- j
lions was extended to reach a point only with j
palpabl" effort. Before the market closed
Trices of the three had been dragged back to I
very near last nipht's level. In the railroad
list thtre was s=ome demand for Northern Pa- |
ciflc p.i an extreme advunce of a point, ap
]iar«-ntly t .n the large Increase in earnings re
ported yesterday for tho first week in Septem
ber. This seemed to sustain <nher railroad <
stocks, even St. Paul recovering sharply In j
fp'.te of the heavy decline in Its first week j
of Beptember earnings. The anthracite coal- ;
rrs were heavy, as tho period approaches for the t
declaration of the miners' final decision on j
the Bir:ke. London Iwught Ftooks here again
to-ilay end helpfd the opening rt»e, the London '
market teing encouraged J.y the belief in the j
Boer collarse and seemingly bv the hope that
a renewal of the South African gold supply ,
will soon heio to relieve the London money j
market. Sterling- exchange in New York re- !
acted azaln and yesterday's demand, which J
wa« partly due to remittances en account of '
American FUbseriptiona to the British war lean, j
ce-merl patisfieil. Notwithstanding the down- !
I ward course of yterllri? exchange, opinions are j
•strangely persistent In some quarters that Bold '
will srxm g-o out to London. Currency geems i
to move rteadily to the South and West and ¦
I the sub-Treasury is taking small sums from I
I the market with the cessation of transfer of
Pa«-irtc Coast cold and the practical diwoontlnu- I
ance oi" <r-erations under the Government re- i
funding law. Local money rates are slightly I
firmer in tone as a consequence. To-day's bon<l
market was barren of any feature Total '
bales, par value, |T75.O00.
Cnitea Ptat»s 5a registered advanced U, the
refunding: 2s, when issued, registered, U and '
do couiion >j per cent In the bid price. The 3s i
coupon declined Vi-
NEW TORK STOCK LIST.
Shares pi rv t n(r '
sold, stocks— rid i
3,210 Atchison '*iu !
Z.m Atchison pfd """ 70* I
2.600 lialtlmore & Ohio ."" 71^4 \
300 Canadian Pacific sSTi |
Canada Southern 49 j
?25 Chesapeake & Ohio 28*; i
Chicago Great Western io»4
I,fl5 ChlcaKO. Burlington & Qulncy 125V* :
Chicago. Indiana & Louisville 23
Chicago. Indiana & Louisville pfd.. 67 '
Chicago & East Illinois 96U
Chicago & Northwestern ICIU
600 Chicago. Rock Island & Pacific... 100%
C C C & St Louis 5sV4
Colorado Southern 6 '
Colorado Southern 1st pfd 41 :
Colorado Southern Id pfd 15V4
129 Delaware & Hudson j]0'i
400 Delaware Laolcanana & Western. ..177'^
tOO Denver & Rio Grande 1914
Denver & Rio Grande pfd 6"Vi
Erie jl
Erie 1st pfd....- 3:114
Great Northern pfd i;^
Hocking Coal 131^
Hocking Valley 33^
2C6 Illinois Central nti
lCu Iowa Central igu
Iowa Central pfd 43
100 Lake Erie & Western 27
Lake Erie & Western pfd 93V
.. Lake Shore £09
1,400 Louisville & Nashville 73V,
£25 Manhattan L fli»'
J00 Metropolitan Street Railway £4%
100 Mexican Central lm
ICO Minnesota & Si Louis Zi%
100 Minnesota & St Louis yfd S3
1,400 Missouri Pacific 515:
Mlsourl Pacific ss
Missouri Kansas & Texas <}\' 2
ISO Missouri Kansas &. Texas pfd 30**
1.21S New Jersey Central 132S4
72S New York Central 130%
¦ 300 Norfolk & Western 314
j Norfolk & Western pfd 745?
! 10,400 Northern Pacific £oij
j 711 Northern Pacific pfd 71S4
1,200 Ontario & Western 20T4
Oregon Railway & Navigation...... 42
Oregon Railway & Navigation pfd.. 7«.
3,850 Pennsylvania 127*1
10« Reading \ 16 u
6.S20 needing 1st pfd 55
.200 Reading 2d pfd.... 251-
Rio Grande Western 54
Rio Grande Western pfd 90
ST6 St Louis & Kan Francisco 9%
St Louis tc San Francisco iFt pfd.. G7'
Rt Louis &. t^an Francisco 2d pfd.. 33^4
2.110 fit I^ouIr Bnuthwe!=tcm n.-J
500 St IjOuIs Southwestern pfd 29U
2.32:. St Paul 114%
Z<-d St Paul pfd 1741*
St Pbu! & Omaha no "
2, r^o Southern Pacillc / ZZ%
1.3V) S<uihcrn Railway urt
2.147 Southern Railway pfd .-,(»;
l.Crt Texas & Pacific 13
4.R^ fnion Pacific 57%
71<> Union Pacific pfd 74U
200 Wabash 6*i
Wabash pfd isu
Wheeling A L E g«
Wheeling & L E pfd.i -. 23*4
100 Wii«consin Central 13
Third Avenue 110
Express Companies—
Adama 124
CHICAGO. Scr>t. 12.— Porter Bros. Company
poM California fruit at the following prices to
day: Grapes— Tokays, }2 90 double crate. :-5c@
$1 33 per single crate: clusters.. $1 2^1 3*>; as
sorted. $1 2001 io: Morocco. II 30: Black. 55i563c:
Muscats, 43ca~Jl 1j. Pears— Bartletts, 45c@}l 95.
Penche-i— Smock, 6frffS0e.
The IVirl Fruit Company sold California fruit
at auction to-day and realized the following
prices: Grar»ea — Malagas, single crates. 85c«?
$1 15, average $1 11; Clusters, single crates,
$1 lOfil 40. average Jl 29. . Pears— Flemish,
boxes. ifgSSc: Beurre Clalrgeau. Jl 051J1 63;
Bartletts, 85c<6$2 SO. Plums — Ickworth, 15i54r,c
•Ingle crates. Prunes— Italians. 53<3><0c; Oei
man?. 60®75c; Sliver, 40@45c. Twelve cars fruit
fold to-<1ay.
NEW YOKK. Sept. 12— Porter Bros. Company
sold California fruit at the following price?:
Pears— Partletts. C5c<£? $2 70 per box and 60c©
?1 20 per half box; Santa Ana, 65c@Jl 05; Sum
mer Seckels, 55<565c i>er half box. Grapes—To
kays, SOc'SJl 65 l^er single crate; Clusters. 'SScft
$1 4T: assorted, 80c!fi$l 25; Muscat, 6.*>cRl 30;
Morocco, $1 nOitfl 75. Peaches— 45!5'55c. Plums—
Kelt-ey. SOcQJl 25.
The Earl Fruit Company's sales of California
fruit: Grares— Malaga. 65c(f?U 60 single crates;
Tokays. COc?f$l 43 single cases, $2©2 35 double.
Peaches— Salway. 40@73c boxes.^ Pears — Bart
letts, Wc'StZ 25 boxes.
Chicago Livestock Market
CHICAGO. Sept. 12.— CATTLE— Receipts,
16.C00, Including 1500 Westerns and 5C0
Ttxar.s. Strong to shade higher. Butchers'
etock steady. Westerns Rnd Texans strotip.
Oood to prime steers. $3 63(SS 13; poor to me
dium $4 fi<Ki3 60; selected feeders. $4'34 75; mix
ed stockers, J3^3 SO: cows. $2 75®4 50; heifers,
J2JI5 25; canners. $2®2 75; bulls, $2 75fr4 50;
calves $3!fi7: Texas fed steers. $4 2S®S: grass
steers $3 35(??4 25; Texas bulls. 52 SO©^ 40.
HOGS — Receipts to-day 31.0CX); to-morrow,
C5C0. Left over, 7000. Steady, closing shade
lnwer. Top, $5 fc>; mixed and butchers,. $5 1550
R CO; good to choice heavy, $5 29Q5 55; rough to
heavy. SSig'S 15; light, $5 20(83 65; bulk of sales,
$5 205?5 45
SHEEP— Receipts, 15,000. Sheep and lambs
stronRer. Good to choice wethers. $3 65@4; fair
to choice mixed, $3 4W?3 63; Western sheep,
$3 6S«4; Texans. $2 C0*i3 25: native lambs, $4 50
@G; Western lambs, $505 85.
Nciv York Cotton Market.
NEW TORK, Sept. 12.— Cotton futures, after
opening: at an advance of 1@3 points, further
advanced 20^46 points, January selling up to
9 93c, after at one time being sold at 9.52c. The
range on September was from 10.12S10.40c. and
on October from 9.82c to 10.26c. The market
was upon a strictly speculative basis in the
afternoon and closed strong at an advance of
23047 points net.
Portland's Bi4siness.
PORTLAND, Or.. Sept. 12.— Clearings, $166,
078; balances. $72,102.
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON
PORTLAND. Or.. Sept. 12.— The local wheat
market Is steady in spite of the high rates
demanded by shipowners and 56HS*"c is still
obtainable fcr Walla Walla wheat an.] 60e
for bluestem. The mills are taking up all of
the valley that is offering at about 60c per
bUSheU WASHINGTON. ££^
TACOMA, Sept. 12.— No change In wheat
Club. s6c; bluestem, 60c.
Foreign Markets.
LONDON', Sept. 12.— Consols, 95; silver.
18 18-16d; cargoes on passage, buyers Indifferent
operators: cargoes Walla Walla, 29s 9d; Eng
lish country markets, firm.
LIVKRPOOL. Sept. 12.— Wheat, steady; No.
1 standard California, Cs Sd^Ss 5Kd; wheat in
Paris, strong; flour in Paris, strong: French
country markets, firm; weather in England,
tine, warm.
COTTON— Uplands. 1V»6.
CLOSING.
WHEAT— Spot— Firm: No. 2 red Western win
ter. 6s Hd: No. 1 Northern spring. 8s 3H'l: No.
1 California, -6s 5fl?T6s 5V6>1. Futures— Quiet.
September. Cs %d;. December, 6s 3d.
CORN— Spot— Firm. American mixed new, 4s
3'Ad: American mixed old. nominal. Futures—
PteaCy. October. 4s 2%d; November, 4s ?»<!;
December, 4s 2*4d.
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographta Office. U. S. N.. Mer
rhantj' Exrku»K San Francisco. Cal..
Sectemter 12. 1Di».
The time ball r,n (he tower of th» new Ffrry
bulldinc wa> dr n rp pl ' at exactly noon to-'l.ay—
I. e.. at noon of the tXth meridian, or at S
o'clock p. m., Greenwich tim».
C. G. CALKINS.
•T-l'tjtertnPt Cnrrrr»r»<ier. I". P N. In 'hT-T"
EASTERN MARKETS.
Lccn.1 stocks and bonds wcr* dun in tne morn
ing and quotations showed no change worthy
of note.
The market was equally Inactive in the
afternoon.
On the OH Exchange th»r<> was marked ac
tivity in Home Oil at U 10C74 13.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
WEDNESDAY, Sept. lf—2 p. m.
4s ouar i-oup..ll."v;i:st.; 4s do cp new.. 133?il34:,
4s do reg 114'»11J'4 »¦ do cwOp 1M llu
lllSCELLANKOUS BONDS.
! Cal-?t Cab :.s.Il«U - I >a'< W r—-< U - '"»
¦¦ C C Water as.WG*i — Oceanic S Co.. 107 1V$
' Ed L A P 6s..l2'JV» — '•¦» • t<v .,» .^%
1- .v- v-. Ry os.. — — Pne G ImD 4s.l01«4 —
Geary-st K cs. — 30 *• * Cl «y t>s.lo< —
H C & S o'is. - - H & O R K «». 113 -
Do M - VC rMtr-»»^« '» '. H7
, L A Ry is — 10Si<i Sac El GA-R.-.s.lOO 100%
L A 1-t CO *s. — — S F & SJV 3s.ll5»i —
Do Kntd Ss.. — — -¦•-•» •,- •%
L A BT.td 3X...100 IK'i S P of A 6s. ..111^113
L-\ P R R 5s. — 101 Ibt' • •»<«• vat
Mark.-»" «» '"'UlSO I (Series A).... — 112
Do 1st M cs.117 — I .. i.-~ri~- M»I11 _
N <- -^ vJ 'I .»-¦— — S P C «« l\90Sl.VWi —
N n of Cal C?.1H — I I>o (1912) ....120»j —
Do 5s UV& — S i' H lyt gntd - -
N P C R R 68.101 — |S P Br 6s 132»l -
Po on 107 — S-V Water 6s.iv>44 —
N Cal 6«.. — lit',? Do 4s 103 103-j
Oak "Lt H.itTi — I>o 3d mtg...lulVi —
Oak Trnn fs..H7 — iptocktn Gas bs — 1U2U
WATFR STOCK?.
Contra Costa.. 69% 70 Spring Valley. S5% —
Mann Louni.v. »1W —
GAS AND ELF.CTRIC STOCKS.
Cent G L Co.. — — Pac L Co 43 —
Cent L & P Co — S Sp" VI 'J^SOi ?» 40
Enuit G L Co. ZM 3T4 S F G & K.... SS% —
,.,.,. f , ¦ ... l- >» It ISan Francisco. 5
I o n T* X- H.. ** — bt»in U & c 1.0 lu —
Pac Gas Imp.. 52\i »2;il
lN?f!HANCE STOCKS.
Firem's Fur.d.227V4 — '
\ HANK STOCKS.
I An»'o-r»' T.tri *i — Lon P & A lSI^ —
Bank of Cal... 403 — Mercnants Kx u —
< . J - »o Nev Nat Bk... — —
First Natlonl..2S4 300
SAVINGS BANKS.
Ger S & L...1S5O 1925 Pav & L So.... 74 7»
Hum S & L.. — — Ses Sav Bk.... — —
Hut Sav Bk... 45 — ; Union T Co.... — —
S F Sav U..-.S07 — i
STREET RAILROAD STOCKS.
California 123 — !O S L & H — 45
Geary-st — 50 jPresldio — 22<*
Market-st 6«T4 — I
rOWDER STOCKS.
California - 162V% Vlgorlt 3H —
Giant Con Co. 83Vi — I
SUGAR STOCKS.
Hana S P'Co. 7%. 8U Kllauea SP Co 21H a
Haw C & S Co S» S6^ Make well SCo« —
Ilonokaa S Co. 3nvi — Onomea S Co. 27%. —
Hutch S P Co. 24 :» 23 Paauhau S Co. 30^ 31
MISCELLANEOUS SrOCKS.
Al Pack Assn.l20\122« 2 Pac A F A.... 1*; _
Cal Fruit Assn J7 — Pac C Bor Co. KM) 151H
•»¦• i ¦» -\ ,i. •• 1«* il'ar I'aiiii v-o. i^Vi
Ocanlc S Co.. S3U 94 >
Mcrnlnr Session.
14 Bank of California «0 00
23 Contra Costa Water S3 50
25 Giant Powder Con 83 23
100 Hutchinson S P Co 24 g^ii
200 Kllauea Sugar Plantation Co 21 50
100 Market-street Railway 87 23.
$10,000 Oceanic Steamship bonds 107 00
SOS F Gas & Electric Co 53 75
$1.(40 S F & 3 J V bonds 120 00
J2.0C0 S P of A bonds 11175
10 Spring Valley Water 93 S7VJ
! Afternoon Session.
Board —
25 Contra Costa Water (O 75
10 Giant Powder Con gj 50
75 Honokaa S Co 3050
50 Makawell 43 00
$3.<yo Oakland Transit Co 6s 117 25
$5,000 Oceanic 8 H bonds ¦_ 107 2j
25 Onomea Sugar Co.. ; 27 75
2C0 Paauhau S P Co 30 2".
40 S F Gas & Electric Co 13 g;u
ICO S F Gas & Electric Co...: n co
10 Spring Valley Water 95 7;
Street—
$1,000 Market-st Ry 1st Con 5s 117 25
J1.C00 U S 3s bonds (coupon) iQ9 50
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Mornln; Session.
Board— ,
U-CO Home Oil 4 10
50 Kern River '_* j^ jo
5 Oil City Petroleum .*."" «j nn
10 Oil City Petroleum -550
200 Twenty-eight 155
Afternoon Session.
Board— . ¦
1,300 Home Oil . ,r
ll> Oil City Petroleum .'.'."." "S 00
100 Sterling: O & D Co ""' ~J 35
The following were the sates in the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
330 Best & Belcher 30) 200 Ophir . 44
100 Challenge 21|.in0Ophir so
500 Chollar 21 ico Potosl 20
100 Con Cal & Va..l 25 200 Savage tr\
200 Gould & Curry 39 1 100 Sierra NeVa'da' V»
100 Gould & Curry 3i! ZfiO Union Con....7." W
12? Iexlcan 2SI 100 Yellow Jacket.. 22
2 OO Occidental ..... 0t»;
Afternoon Session.
JW Belcher 20 100 Gould & Curry 35
JW Challenge zi 2U0 Hale & Norc... 23
21 100 Mexican 2s
!s0 Con Cal & Va..l 2S ;0O Potosl ¦>»
100 Con Cal & Va..l 20 500 Savage - 09
700 Crown Point . 14 100 Sierra Nevada. 33
100 Gould & Curry ZS\ 300 Yellow Jacket., a
The following were the sales in the Pacific
Stock Kxchange yesterday:
Morning - Session.
SOO Belcher 20 600 Mexican 29
200 Best & Belcher 30 300 Mexican 2S
200 Best & Belcher 2S 60O Occidental .... 10
2C0 Con Cal & Va..l 30 200 Oohir 43
THE STOCK MARKET.
LIVERPOOL. ;
Wheat— S3pt. Dec. !
Opening « % 6 3Vi |
Closing 6% G 3 j
PARIS. !
Wheat— Sept. Jan-Apl..!
Opening 20 65 C2 20 1
CleMng 20 60 22 15 J
Flour—
Opening 2<5 3.", 2S 35
Closing 26 25 28 35
BAN FRANCISCO, Sept. 12—5 p. m.
The following maximum temperatures were
reported from stations in California to-day:
Eureka 62 1 Fresno 7S
Mt. Tamalpais 61 Sacramento 70
I^os Angreles 71 San Luis Obispo 74
Ked Bluff SO, San Dit-go 70
Independence 76:
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature.
64; minimum, S7; mran, 60.
WEATHKU CONDITIONS AND GEM1RAI.
Z FOUECAST.
The r>resFure hap fallen rapidly o\er the en
tir- country west Of the Kocky Mountains.
Ov»r Oregon and Washington tliert has boen
a tail •¦£ nearly two-tenths of an inch in th«
past twenty-four hours. An area of low pres
su r e ovi-rl'.es Calitornia. Nevada and Oregon.
The tenu-erature continues cool over the en
tire Stale of California. In the Sacramento
and San Joaquin valleys, the temperatures are
below the normal. Tne weather continues un
favorable for rais4n-makinc.
( Kain has fallen over the San Francisco Bay
district. •
Conditions are unfavorable for fair weather
Thursday over Central and Northern California.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight September 13:
Northern California— Unsettled weather Thurs
day, with light rain; light southerly winds.
Southern California— Fair Thursday; light
westerly winds,
i Nevada— cloudy Thursday.
Utah— Fair Thursday.
Arizona.— Fair Thursday.
S?n Francisco and vicinity — Cloudy unsettled
weather Thursday, with light rain; light BOUth
\ erly winds. ALEXANDER G. Me A DIE.
Local Forecast Official.
Weather Report.
on currants is very strong, and there seems
every probability that the market, supported
as it Is by higher prices in Greece, will ad
vance considerably further.
••Apricots are held very firmly, and the trade
seems to have confidence that this condition
of the market is fully Justified. Such lias not
been its position regarding peaches, which were
reported '<«c easier In some charters yesterday.
The tendency of future evaporated apples is
easier."
Charters.
The Ge!:::r>.n srearr.er Alesia loads horses
anil supplies to China for German Goveniment:
tl-.i* City of Hankow, lumber on Pug«t Sound
lor Pert Pirie, E7s 6J. prior to arrival; the
Pyrenees 10:1 Puget S>iund). wheat from Port
land to Europe, 41's 6d: o{'tion of Taeoma. 41s
Sd. or Sar. l-^r* ncisco. 42s. prior -to arrival: the
Stmamba. wheat from Portland to Euro;*.
K*. ;>riuj- to arrival; the Norwegian steamer
Tyr, flour and merchandise trom Portland to
Port Arthur; the Touraine. wheat to Europe,
<0s. prior tc arrival: the \V. H. Ta'.bot. lumber
oa I'uget Sound to S>dney, 62s 6d; option of
Molbourr.e or Adelaide, 60s. prior to arrival:
the Willie R. Hume, lumber irom Fort Bragg
to Callao. C2s €J: the American steamer Zea-
Itndia. merc^.andi^e to H!lo and Honolulu.
Wheat and Barley Shipment.
The Pritish ship Sir Robert Duncan cleared
yesterday for Queenstcwn for orders with 14,115
Ctls wheat, valued at IU.000: 6C.000 ctls barleV,
valued at ?i7.il'>. and 1S.C-00 it lumber dunr.age.
valued tZSn. Total \a!u». S72.725.
The I<ri^i^h ship Euiora also cleared yester
day tor Qu«enstown fcr orders with 11,(00 ctls
wheat, valued at J1L16'.; £.'.202 ctls barley, valued
at $'i6.C12. Tiid tU.009 ft lumber dunnage, valueu
at ISW. Tclal $7S,J79.
An Additional Manifest.
In a<iaiticn to caxro previously reported the
HfamT Curacao, which, sailed Friday, carried
merchandise valued at t2^.?S5, Including the
f-.Ilow'r.s:
Ono hundred and fifty-two sk« potatoeF. C5 crs
OTA^tif. 27 cf salmon. 122 es canned goods. 20
os Ftarch, M6 gals 5 o: »ine. 9 coils oraajje,
S16 pkicrs h.irdwire, 60 rk£s> fruit. 4'J cs dried
fruit. UN Us lard. 3fi."> pkgs an<1 pro
visions. 12C <•« J.airit. 3CS cr- psyte. M b<11s shocks.
1* j.ktfi machiner>. 15 crs vegetables. 10 cs
drugs. 3'J mats* firecrackers, 2S kegs nails. 100
flarks viuicKFilver.
Large Cargo for Tahiti
The srhoor.er O. M. Kellogg cleared Saturday
for Papeete with a general cargo, va'.ued at
$30.l4O, incluiins th" following:
Five < s bo..ts and sho«=. 33"3 lbs 16 Fks bear-.s.
t ; iT ctlt narley, 4S0 lbs rolled barley, 60 «35 lbs
bread. 47 fUs bran. 6 pkg» bt-^r. 13 coil* cord
age. 233 cs canned goods. 14 pkxs codfish. 20
bxs oandlee. 64 cs dneo^d'. IS cs drugs. 145 lbs
<iri«Kl fruit, 34 pkKS electrical goods. 15.94 b'ols
ficur, « bxs fruit. I pkgs fish. S pkgs furniture.
CSI rkRS 1 CTT>oerie<: and proviFions, 11 rkR" glass
ware. 117 pkga hardware. S kegs horsesho*s. 70
er kerosene. 111.116 ft lumber. 333? lb? laid. 57
pk/rs jr.illwcrk. 76 k^s? rails. 19 cr onions. 61
cs oil. S3 sks potatoes. 11 cs paint. 9 i kgs pipe,
th rolli paper. 7 pkgs phonographs!, i$,ioy lbs
rice. 14.4^ lbs sugar. 334 bales !«alt. 214 bxs
f^jap. 21 crs «=?wir.g machines. 154 os salmon,
S2T3 pa-lB wine. 47 pkes »-s«on material. 39 ctl*
wheat. IS crs vegetables. 2'i reels barbed wire.
Merchandise for Central America
The FTeamer Aeapulco sailed Paturdny for
New York via Panama with merchandise, mer.i
fesiM a* fallows: For Central America. J3j.214;
N>»" York, ?3?.*13: total value. $7&.O2». The fol
lowing v.er? the principal Bbipmenta:
For Central America— 5 pkgs aras and am
munition. 100 Kks beans. 49 bbis cement. 34 cs
car.nM poods. 14 pkg* <Tiin'ese merchanillse.
SOU lbs rinnamoa, 40 cs dr;KocxSs. 2oO lr* dried
fruit, 12 I'kRS dental goois. 5229 bb!» flour. S-7
b\s fruit. :¦¦< cr U>43 lbs garlic, 4 5 " pkgs grocer
ies and provisions, 4 cs hardware, 130 cs kero-
Fcne. H.4SS ft lumber. 2!» : J0 lbs lard. 7 cs liq
uors. 2C |.kp6 machiner}-. 2T9 ore onions. 32 cs
oil. 4*1 sks potatoes. 15 cs parte. SO cs paint. So
IH-s pipe, £5 bbls rosin. 3S ctls rats. 4J.W1 lbs
ri^p, IS cs stationery, 25 kegs staples. 1?2 lbs
tea. C2.XS* Um tallow. 1762 ga'.s 12 cs wine, 350
rr^is wire. 12' c«= whisky.
In transit — El c* Fllk. 15 pkss fireworks, val
u«^ at 52'i«k.
For New Tork— 1SS bbls asphaltum. € pkgs
antimony rre. 3 kegs casings. 3 cr Arygno&s, 10
cs oil, 25 sks old metal, 143.553 gals v.-ine.
Foreign Exports.
Foreirn export* from this port during the
f.n=t Picht months of th» yur amounted to
f26, ©€3.127. against I21.4S2.2M for the Fame time
in 1SS9. the leading amounts being as follows:
Atlantic ports. il.ttS.223: Great Britain. J7.364.
•00- China, S2.6S7.140; Japan. $2.CS.3C3; Central
>m<-rira. Jl.O42.r-j0; Australia, JSS4.000: British
Columbia. $740,000; Mexico. JJ9.0CO; South Amer
ica. JC3S.WX).
Condition of California Crops.
A. G. McAiJie. Faction director of the climate
and crop wrvioe °f th* Weather Bureau, gives
the following report for the week ending Men
day. S^pternbT 19:
"Trio!, pleasant weather, with considerable
clou^ine;*. lias prevailed in nearly all »eci!ons
of the Ptcte during the week, and light rain
hap fallen in porticea of the Parramento Val-
Icj- and the northern omet >~ountiee. A« time
ly nt^>rm n-arrtaf ha<l t^en riven, but llttl"
<T»tr.ope was done to drylnc fruit, trays hav
ing b»>en starked in advance of the rain. Rome
f-lipl t damage wsb done to late fiuit on treA.
"rw*-i'*uous fruits are nearly aJI gathered,
¦with the exception nf prunes and apple*. Drj -
Jnp Ii« wll advanc-ed ar-d raisin Risking is pro
prrFfinc in all Motions. I'ftsltive information
e* to the yield of prnpe* 1* lacking, but most
reforts fhow tiiat the top will probably fall
below the av»raire: thin appli*!* to both urin^
end raicm R-rar^s"- Wine making Is progress
ing; wine grains are reported excellent lr. qual
ity In fnir.c wctlom. but rather inferior in
other*. The yield of | nies is proving nearly
up to th<» £\<rae», but the fruit If uno>r sire
in most place*. CodllnK moth «re Injuring
apples In may orchards. <:itras fniits are
rer.ort*«! in exrellent mndltlon. and prospects
ere fxid for an unurually heavy crop of or
e.npfr. wpe< - ia!Iy in Ssuthfrn California.
"Whoat and barley are nuxttly under cowr.
r.o damage of ron*?<3i:en<-e having been done
to the rrcp by the late rair.s; the yield is very
<Jl«w.intinc ta Ell sections. The fourth crop
cf alfalfa has been harvested. A good crop of
mwt jvTtatoes J* being gathered In th« Ean
Jo&quln Valley. PIo»-ini5 ajad nemjing are pro
preysing in many *ectlcns. A large acreape of
grain will probably be sown this season."
Dried Fnrit in New York.
The New York Ccmmerri&l Bays:
"As a result of the high prices najr.ed by the
California Cured Fruit Association, prices on
IMh spot prunes «<1vai>c«-<l yesterday to 7>4c,
and are held very flnr.ly at that quotation, an
offer of 7c for 1000 25-lb boxes being turned
down during the day. As 7c. the price named
on new 40s on the coast. i« equivalent to *%c
here. 1t Tiill b« »>e*n tha.t the pr»»»nt *pot mar
ket, after the ~ic advance. Is still lHc below
¦ the prW of the new crop, so that the chances
ore goo<5 that the spot supply, which l» light,
¦wll! be cleaned up in ehort order, particularly
e« the new crop in very short of. lartr* Mzer.
The spot market on Ms Is He below the cost of
new cood* delivered here.
"Seme buslnef* was reported In new Cali
fornia, almonds, but, a.s tn the case of prune*,
the trade U as yet dlfjyosed to «Jo little on ac
count of the high prices asked. The general
condition of the almond market, however, in
ttrong. and Tvlth lirht crops abroad H seems
irai"~nRbly certain thAt the available fupply
cf California aJnonif will be taken by the
tra<i«» before very Ions. The spot markot on
almonds is very Etronc. several varietlen of
foreign nuts being hipher and others tending
rtrorpiy to advance. Trrragonas are now wry
firm at 15c, late cables reporting the crop
damaered by rains and quoting- higher prices
en new fcnniti.
"Tb» currant market was exceedingly strong
j^rterday. with a decidedly higher tendency.
Cable* were received from Greece etoUng. that
the market n-af advancing there, with no sell
ers, and quoting old Amallas on a bests of 10c.
fluty Daid. here. Price here was rtat^ed to be
S^c on Amelias, but an effort to buy 250 bar
vtU •• th*t r^-«* foiled. The general situation
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS
Silver continues to advance slowly.
Wheat slightly higher in the local market.
Other cereals as before quoted.
Bran higher. Hay in heavy supply and weak.
Beans and Seeds dull and nominal.
SzLcct Potatoes lower. Vegetables unchanged.
Butter quiet. Eggs easy and dragging.
Poultry in large stock and weak. Game firm.
Melons plentiful again and lower. ,
Dried Fndts quiet at unchanged prices.
Provisions inactive and unchanged.
Hogs hnvcr under larger receipts.
CHICAGO, Sept. 12.— Wheat opened firm,
October at 73U<575%c on higher cables and light
Northwest receipts. During the forenoon Oc
tober touched "VA®~ih%c. Clearing weather in
the Northwest and the large aggregate of re
ceipts caused a reaction later and October
cl«-.»;ed weak. %<j»4c lower at T4U.O. There was
little outcide trade because of* broken tele-
CTfiphic communication.
Corn was dull and narrow and bare of specu
lative features. October closed easy, %@>~c
lower r.t 3*?ic
Oats were dull and sold lower in sympathy
with wheat and corn. October closed Uc lower i
at 2'-> l o. I
Provisions were dull and easier on selling
by packerH, and prenmre from a few prominent
local shorts. The close was fairly steady,
however. October l>ork 5c higher, lard . 2Vic
lower and ribs unchanzed.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Cash quotations were as follows:
Flour, steady: No. 3 spring wheat. «2H@.4^c:
No 2 red. 75Vrfj76»ic: No. 2 corn, 4O',4c; No. 2
yellow. 40%ffi40'ic; No. 2 white oats, 24%c: No.
3 white 22\(S25'4c; No. 2 rye, 51c; good feeding
barley, '3S?i30i4c; fair to choice malting. 44@5Oc;
No. 1 fiaxseed $1 49; No. 1 Northwestern, ?1 50;
Prime timothy seed, $4 10«4 30: mess pork, per
barrel, $11 4S!&11 50; lnrd. per 100 pounds, $6 82Vi
fif, S3; short ribs sides. loose. S7 40-57 70; dry
halted shoulders, boxed. e^liC^e: short clear]
sides, boxed. $7 955TS 05; whisky, basis of high I
wines, II 26; sugars, cut loaf, unchanged; clover j
(contract grade), $9 tiCgO 60. 1
Articles— Receipts. Shipments. I
'Flour, barrels 31, 000 13.000
Wheat, bushels 5C2.C00 MS.000
Corn, bushels IWD.COO fil,r.e,o
Oats, bushels 714.000 493,000
Rye, bushels 10, C00 1.C0O
Barley, bushels 65.00(3 349.000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was firm. Creamery. lSV 3 '@20 1 / ic; dairy,
14@18. Eggs strong; fresh, 15tec
American 152
United States 45
Wells Farro 123
Miscellaneous —
400 American Cotton Oil 22*i
American Cotton Oil prefd SS
American Malting 4^i
....... American Halting prefd 23>j
<« American Smelting & Refining Z<o\*
«A> Am Smelting & Rellning prefd S9» 3
American Hi>irits 1
...... American Spirits prefd 17
1,100 American Steel Hoop 19%
••••••• American S'twl Hooi> prefd C6V.
2,330 American Steel & wire 3«'i ;
S10 American Steel & Wire prefd 75 !
American Tin Plate 27?4 t
American Tin Plat* prefd SO
Amerirean Tobacco &3^
American Tobacco prefd 12S j
200 Anaconda Mining Co 44\ !
C.t!7r> .Brooklyn Rapid Transit 5.*)
iOO Colorado Fuel & Iron 35
Continental Tobacco 25>4
Continental Tobacco prefd 78H
<;30 Federal Steel 34* t
200 Federal Steel prefd 67%
MO General Klectrlc 140
130 Glucose Su^ar ; 50
GlucoFe Sugar prefd 98
International Paper 20
7.7.'O International Paper prefd 66%
Lariede Gas 73 I
130 National Biscuit 33<4 ;
National Biscuit prefd , SC i
National Lead 17»;
National Lo.-id prefd : 89
300 National Steel 26
National Ptee! pr^fd 85% i
100 New York Air Brake 130
1,200 North American 15 i
Pacific Coast .'...54 !
Pacific Const 1st prefd 85
300 Pacific Coast 2d prefd 64'i
100 Pacific Mail 31
7,280 People's Gas 91'i
220 Pressed Steel Car 3S?;
Pressed Steel Car prefd 71U
I*ullmnn Palace Car ....1S6
100 Standard Rope & Twine 5
4,420 Sugar 119%
HuRur prefd US
SOO Tennessee Coal & Iron 70
3."0 rnitod States Leather 114
United States Leather prefd 70^
2.000 Vniteri States Rubber 29Vi
United States Rubber prefd S2
44.*. Western 1'nlon 7i"4
120 Republic Iron & Steel 12
100 IteiiuMlc Iron & Steel prefd 53U
P C C & St Louis 56 "
f'3,C00 Shares sold.
1 CLOSING BONDS.
U S 2s ref, when | Dr» 4s 91*1
issued. r»g 104 N Y Central ists.-liSVi
Do coupon 104U N .T On gren 5s...l22">i
V S 3s. rep 109H1N Pacific 3s. fj'4
Do coupon 109',*! p 0 4s 104^
U S !KW 4j. reg.,134 N Y C & St L 4s. 107
Do coupon 134 In & W con 4s 9S
D S old 4s. reg....U4^i;Or Nav lsts 10r<
Do coupon 113^i D" 4s 1C2'1
U S os, reg 113>«:Dr Short Line 6s..l26«i
Do coupon 113 I Do con 5s 113H
Din of Col 3 65s. .122 IReadlng Gen 4s... S7*i
Atchison. gen 49...101U !R G n' lsts 9S
I>o adj 4s S5S ?t 1^ & I M con 5s.ll2»4
Canada So 2d.«.H..106"*'5t L & S F Gen 6s. 123
Ches & Ohio 4Hs.. MH 3t Paul con ...168»i
Do 5? 120 jSt P C & P lsts. .117%
Chi & N con 7s 140 i Do tk> 113
Do S F deb 5s...liO% S Pacific 4s 7S«
Chi Term 4s 92 Po Railway 5s lCS'fc
Colorado go 4s «2 ;Stand R & T 6»... 67 •
D A- R G lsts lC2£irex & Pacific Ists.il2>i
D-) 4s 93 { Do '.Ms 65
Hrie ften 4b 6^i fnion Pacific 4s...10Si4
F W & D C lsts.. 73'jj Wabash lsts 117H
Gen Electric 5»../.119 j Do 2'ls K2^
Iowa Central l.«ts.!lS il\>5t Fhore 4s 112'%
L & N unl Js Sfl^lWis On lsts S7"I
M K & T 2ds 66 IVa Centuries 83 7 g
MINING PTOCIvS.
Thollar 1? Ontario 5 .*0
"rown Point 11 Oph:r 53
C C & Va 12') Plymouth 10
I>e«rUv.>od 40; Quicksilver 1 5.0
f5 & C 34i Do pfd 6 50
Hale & Nor 22 !^ierra Nev 31
Honit-stake 50 00 Standard 4 10
Iron Silver fi3U:nion Con 16
Mexican 24 t yellow Jacket ... 20
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— Rubber 29'4
?all loans 2»3 L'nion Pacific 57 s ;
Time lnans 3ii4 1 il Bonds —
«"e?t Kr.d S3H1 Atchison 4s 9?>J
StockE— N E G & C 5s.... 60
A T & S F 28«i Mining Shares-
Do pfd -70*4 Adventure 4'4
American Sugar. ..119>*. Allouez Min Co... IS
Do p!d llfi : A male Copper KS
Bell Telephone 142Vi I Atlantic 23>4
Boston Elevated. ..14S»-jj Boston & Mont. ...320
Boston & Maine.. .1SS iButte & Boston... 62
C B & Q ir.'*: Calumet & Hecla..74 : i
Dominion Coal.... 40 ifentennial 16
Do pfd 110 iFranklin l-Jifc
Federal Steel 35 !H\imboldt. 25
Do i>fd 66 7 Vnsceola 6$
Gen Electric 140 iParrot 42
Do pfd 13 laulncy 1«
Ed Tiler. Ill 210 ¦ Panta Fe Copper.. 4'4
Mexican Central., ll'i Tamarack 220
Mich Telephone... K, I'tah Mining 31'»
\ E G & C U'riiWinona 2">i
Did Dominion 17Vsi Wolverines 42
London Market.
NEW YORK. Sept. 12.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
The reported flight of President Kruger
cauyed a cheerful tone all around to-day and
srme further increase in business. Contango
day disclosed an unimportant account, the only
signs of increase being In Mexicans and Ca
nadian rails.
The penpral contango in Americans was 4»i,
ricney being l i easier. Americans opened firm,
continuing good, but idle all day. Canadian
Pocifle was bid up sharply in the street from
America. Paris FOld'Tintos on the reaction in
copper. Money was Fteady and discounts eas
ier. Silver was slightly hard and on the rise
in the Indian price to 73%.
CLOSING.
liONDOX, Sept. 12.— Atchison. 23*4; Canadian
Pacific, ?3"fc; Union Pacific preferred, 76 l «;
Northern Pacific preferred. 73%; Grand Trunk,
%%; Anaconda. 9U; Bar Sliver, steady. 2S 13-16d
per ounce: Money. 2i@2»i per cent.
Neiv York Money Market.
NEW YORK. Sept. 12.— Money on call firm
er at 1H^2 per cent: lant loan, 1*4 per cent.
Piim» mercantile paper, 4^6Vi per cent. Ster
ling exchange easier with actual business In
bankers' bills at $4 S6 ! >4 / ff4 ?6»i for demand and
at- $¦* S3«T4 W4 for sixty days: posted rates.
%l S404 S3 and *4 87'/£<S 4 SSVi; commercial bllla.
*4 S2>«i@4 R3'i; silver cert!flciit*s, «2»£'S63%c; bar
Fllver, €2^0; Mexican dollars, 49\ic; Govern
ment bonds irregular; State bonds Inactive;
railroad bonds irregular.
Condition jjf the Treasury.
WASHINGTON. Sept. 12.— To-day's statement
of the Treasury balances in the general fund,
exclusive of the $150,000,000 gold reserve In the
division of redemption, shows: Available cash
balance, $135,003,352; gold. $72,454,447.
Chicago Grain Market.
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL NEWS
Chicago opened steady to firm, with a good
demand for Wheat, Oats and Corn. Receipts
were moderate and speculation was light.
Later on the Northwest sold on better weather
there, Liverpool started in to liquidate and the
market became heavy. The longs turned
bears and sold.
The local market was higher, both on and
off call.
Spot Wheat-Shipping. Jl 05; Milling, $1 07&
@1 10.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— December—
lo.ooo ciis, $1 10%; lo.ooo, $i 1014.
Second Session— May— 2000 ctls. $1 14%.
Regular Morning Sesslon-8000 ctls, $1 09%:
8000. $1.09?;. May— 10,000. $1 14«i.
Afternoon Session— December— 6000 ctls. »1 03%.
.May— 2000. $1 14%.
BARLEY— Choice bright feed Is reported
rather scarce, but there is plenty of dark feed
offering. Prices are unchanged.
Feed. 70@72^4c for No. 1 and 65@C7He. for off
grades: Brewing and Shipping grades, 77%@
: 82^c; Chevalier, nominal.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session — December— No sales.
Second Session — No sales.
Regular Morning Session — No sales.
Afternoon Session— December— 2000 ctls, 73 t ,4c.
OATS— The market shows no change, being
dull.
White. $1 15ffl 30; Surprise, $1 35@1 40: Red.
$1 105/1 20; Gray? $1 lwft'1 20; Black, for feed,
%l 10,?a 15; for seed, $1 15*Q1 20 per ctl.
CORN— There Is nothing going on, the mar
ket being practically bare of offerings. Nom
inally quotable at $1 22Mt per ctl for all kinds.
RYE— S7V.<Sa0c per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— Nominal. ! '
Flour and Millstuffs.
FLOUR— California Family Extras, $3 60®
3 75. usual terms; Bakers' Extras. $3 40^3 50;
Oregon and Washlnston, |2 75@3 10 per barrel
for family and %'i 15-tf3 50 for bakers' ; Eastern,
$4 75S5 75 per barrel.
M1LLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are as fol
lov/s. usual discount to the trade: Graham.
Flour. $3 oer 100 lbs; Rye Flour. $2 73; Rye
Meal. *2 50; Rice Flour, 17; Corn Meal. $2 75;
extra cream do, IS 50; Oat Groats, 14 50; Horn-
In}', |3 50@3 75; Buckwheat Flour, $4®4 25;
Cracked Wheat, *3 30; Farina, $4 59; Whole
Wheat Flour, S3 £5; Rolled Oats (barrels), $S
©7 25: in sacks, $5 75(5 7; Pearl Barley, $5;
Split Peas,- $5; Grtcn Peas, {,". 50 per 100 lbs.
Hay and Fecdstutfs.
Bran has again advanced.
There is no change in Hay, the market be
ln«r weak and heavily supplied.
BRAN— $llftfl5 per ton.
MIDDLINGS-$16<S19 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. W3\~ 30 p«r
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. $26@27; jobbing.
$27 50ffT2S; Cocoanut Cake, $2">fi21; Corn Meal.
$20 5J; Cracked Corn. *27; Mixed Fee-1, |13 50^11.
HAY — Volunteer. $4 50@7; Wheat, S10J12;
Wheat and Oat, $9 50<fm 50; Oat, SSiglO; Clover,
$4fff6; Alfalfa. $6@7 iO; Barley. *6 50@S 50 per
°STRAW-30a37>ic per bale.
Bcans and Seeds.
Prices are more or less nominal and un-
chanced.
BEANS— Baycs. $2 40<?2 50; Small White. Si;
Large White. $2 50; Pink, $2 23-52 30; Red. *3 23;
Blackeye, $3 25; Lima. $5 lolgo 25; Pea, none
'here; Red Kidneys. J3 25f- 50-
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, nominal: Yellow
Mustard. 4c: Flax. J2«2 20; Canary. 3^c per
lb for California and 4c for Eastern: Alfalfa,
nominal; Rape, 2V2@3c; Hemp, 4@4&c; Tim
othy, 4tfI4Hc.
DRIED PEAS— Nlles. nominal; Green, $2 25®
2 00 per ctl; Blackeye, $2.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
A decline in Merced Sweets is about the only
change worthy of note. Stocks of all kinds are
liberal.
POTATOES— Garnet Chiles, COc; Early Rose,
2'.'5TSOe; Burbanks, 30® 60c for Rivers and
75c}T$l per ctl for Salinas; Sweets, "JcQil 23 for
Rivers p.nd ?l ST^l oU for Merced.
ONIONS— Yellow, 506<wc per ctl; Pickle
Onions, 60(?i7oc.
VEGETABLES— Green Corn. 73cS$l per
sack. 75c<g$l per crate for Berkeley and %\<fp
150 for Alameda; Green Peas, VYaZc per lb;
String Beans, I{f2%c; Limas. yqiV-ic pt?r lb;
Cabbage, 40*i^oc; Tomatoes Illvera, 2u^25c; Bay,
20fi35c: Egrs l'lant. 40(550c per box; Green
Okra. 33,ao<ic; Gre«-n lVppers. 25(^40c per box
for Chill and 40@.iCc for Bell; Dried Peppers,
lofi 15c: Carrots. 25Ji35c per sack; Summer
Pquas-h, 20*i 35c for A'.ameda: Cucumbers. 25<fcp
30c for Alameda: Pickles. $1W1 23 per ctl Tor N«>.
1 and 00ft75c for No. 2; Garlic. 3c per lb; Mar
rowfat Squash. JS-glS; Pumpkins. $20 per ton.
Poultry and Game.
Supplies of Poultry are large and the mar-
ket Is weaker, as will be seen by the quotations.
Receipts of Game were smaller yesterday, and
the market was firm.
POI'LTKT — L,lve Turkeys. 9ffllc for Gobblers
and llQ12c for Hens; young Turkeys, 14itl6c;
Greso. per pair, $1 2S$1*SO; Goslings, $1 50#l <5;
Ducks, $3(fi'4 for old and $3t}4 for for young;
Hens, $3 5o'«Ci; Young Roosters, $4W5: Old Roos
ters. $3 .".Ofi »: Fryers. J3C3 50; Broilers, f3 for
large and $2<Q2 .VJ for small; Pigeons. {1 ZJ'Q
1 ,*0 per dozen for old and i\ 75<f(2 for Squabs.
GAME— Dovfs, 90p per dozen; Cottontail Rab
bits. Jl 2.'<G1 /-0 : Brush Rabbits, flj Hare,' $1 2-"i;
Grouse, $7ifj" 50; Sage Hens, |2; Mountain Quail,
S3@3 50 per dozen.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
All descriptions were dull yesterday and the
feeling was rather weak than otherwise. Eggs
j were especially slow, and dealers were dis
{ po3ed to shade quotalons rather than miss sales.
I Mutter was irreeular. some dealers reporting:
a steady and others a weak market.
BUTTER—
Creamery— Fancy Creamery. 21@24!£c; extra
marks higher; seconds. 23tf?23V£c.
Dairy — Fancy, 22^44j23c; good to choice, 21@
22c; common. 17(5 20c.
Creamery tub— 20?f22«$c per lb.
Pickled roll-19«20c.
Firkin-lSf21?e. "
CHEESE— New, 9c; fancy, 10c; old, SSS'ic;
Young America. 10@10Hc; Eastern. 13»^@14c;
Western. 10<R12c per lb.
EGGS— Quoted at MM'SZIl^c for store and 27H
<i32c per dozen for ranch; Eastern, lTig.'lc spot
j and 22',->c for fancy to arrive.
I Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
j Melons were weaker and Nutmegs had a
I sharp decline under excessive arrivals. The
j cool weather was against the market.
Other frulH were about the same, supplies
of all kinds being liberal.
Wine grapes were steady, but there was con
siderable doubt as to the future of the mar
kc t. owing to the rains.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS
APPLES—25fffJ0? per box for common and tOc
</:.$! for good to choice.
1'EARS— Bartlett. Tao^Jl 25 per box; other va
rieties. 40??6Oe per box.
QUINCES— 25!ji5Cc per box.
STRAWBERRIES-W5 per chest for large
nnd $5® 7 for small berries.
HLACKBEnRIES— *3W6 per chest.
RASPBERRIES— W&6 per chest.
HUCKLEBKRR1ES— 2@4c |>er lb.
FIGS-20g-30c for single and 25@65c for double
la>er boxes. - ¦'
POMEGRANATES— 50i?175c per box.
PLUMS — 2.j<j4Oc per box and 3T><g60c per crate.
I'EACHES-^eSfoc per box: in bulk, ?20tf25
per ton for freestones and clings.
GRAPES— Muscat. 40fi75c per crate: Seedless.
SOc(fj$l 10 per crate: black, 40<@60c: Tokay. 40®
6oc; Isabelta. fiOfjSoe; Wine Urnpes. $l5<glS for
white and t20ft34 per ton for Zlurandel.
MELONS— Nutmegs, 30?&60c per case; Canta
loupes, 75c$i$l 2i per crate; Watermelons, JS@1S
with extra large at $20^25 per 100.
CITRUS FRUlTS-iLemons. $1 2S«}2 for com
mon and J2 50(g3 for good to choice; Mexican
j Ijlmes. $t>&6 60; Bananas, fl S0iJ?2.5O per bunch;
' Pineapples, Jl iOtf3 50 per dozen.
Cables from London showed an advance of£l
2s 6d for tin and the local market took a high
level In sympathy, closing firmer In tone at
J30 2SiJj30 30. Copper, tnough somewhat lower
in London, had strong undertone here and
closed higher at $16 75® 17. Spelter, on the
other hand, was weak, owing to the decrease in
ccnsumptlcn. closing weak at $4«4 10. Pig iron
warrants were very dull at $9 31hi^V) 37V4 and
lead continues dull and unchanged at J4 37Mt-
The brokers' price for lead was $4 and for
copper $16 87>i. , V
Notice to Mariners.
SAX PABLO BAY.
Mare Island Strait Shoal Beacon Light.
Notice is hereby given that, on or about
September 15. lOC-0. a fixed white lantern light.
Illuminating the entire horizon, will be estab
lished 18H feet above mean high wat3r, on the
top of a triangular house surmounting th»
three-pile day beacon marking the shoal at the
entrance to Mare Island Strait.
Bearings and distance of prominent object*.
as taken from Chart No. 5525 of the United
States Coaat and Geodetic Survey, are:
North head of Karqulnes Strait, east \i south;
Mare Island lighthouse, west H north. % mile;
northeast corner Magazine wharf, northwest
% north.
Bearings are magnetic and given approxi
mately; miles are nautical miles.
This notice affects the LJ»t of Lights and
Fog Signals. Pacific Coast. 1300. page 16. after
No. 34, and the List of Beacons and Buoys,
Pacific Coast, 1300. page 24.
By order of the Lighthouse Board.
FRANCIS J. HIGGrNSOJ*.
Bear Admiral U. S. Navy, Chairman.
SAN FHANCISCO. CALIFORNIA.
Notice- Is hereby given that the temporary
lightship, marking the wreck of th» ship May
Flint, has been withdrawn, and the sunken
wreck marked by two buoys.
Wreck of May Flint— Northwest buoy— A
first-class can. painted red and black horizon
tal strloes with the word WRECK in larg«
white letters on two sides. Is placed tn It
fathoms water about 3C0 feet northwest of tha
wreck on the following bearings, vis.:
Yerba Buena lighthouse, north by east H east;
middle of Mission rock, south H east; end Pa
cific Mall dock, southwest %, south, about 809
yards.
Wreck of May Flint— Southeast buoy— A »ec
ond-class nun. painted red and black horizon
tal stripes with the word WRECK In larg*
white letters, is placed in ten fathoms of water
about 300 feet southeast of the wreck on the
following bearings, viz. :
Yerba Buena lisrht house, north by east; mid
1 die of Mission rock, south U west: end of Pa
cific Mall dock, scuthwm fi west, about SCO
I yard?.
j The least depth found over th* wreck was
I 21 feet at low water; but the end of nne of
the yards .-hows at times a few Inches abov-j
the water. Thpre are strong *6&J currer-^
I obout the wreck and vessels should not pasa
I between these buoys.
By order of the Llshthous(> br>ard.
U. PEf.REE.
CfimmamW. U. S. X..
Inspector Twelfth Lighthouse District.
3fiO Con Cal & V.I 27V,! 500 Overman 12
7»> Gould & Curry 3-j 3C0 Sierra Neva-la. 33
200Goul-l & Curry .i7
Afternoon Session.
200 ChoUar 21 100 Potosl 20
300Choll.tr $; 5M> Savage 0»
100Conflder.ce 42 2W Silver Hill 36
3Co Crown Point .. 13| 3C0 Yellow Jacket.. 21
2&o Ophlr 4j!
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
WEDNESDAY. Sept. B—I p. m.
Bid. Ask.. Cti.Ask.
Alpha oa (c Justice i2 01
Alta 01 C3 Kentuck — "1
Andes 07 0.i I^aily Wash — «S
Helcher rj n! Mexican :'7 :s
Best & ftelcher 2s rj (Vi-ldental 07 09
Bullion Kt u;.Uphlr 47 »S
Caledonia .. 4ii is Overman II 12
Chollajp 2D '^Potosl V) -«>
Challenge Con.. 2>» ft 3avas« OS 03
Confidence tu; 61 Scorpion 03 —
Con Cal & Va..l 2n 1 2". >es; ISeV-her >y2 <«
Con Imperial... 01 02 Sierra Nevada. 33 31
Con New York. ¦— 0.' Silver Hill 38 37
Eureka Con.... — 45 st Louis 10 —
Crown Point 13 U: Standard 3 90 —
Exchequer — 02 Syndicate — 07
Gould & Curry 37 3S fnlon Con 19 *>
Hale & Norc... £1 22 Utah <H 04
Julia — 04 Tellow Jacket.. 21 22
half-barrels. 8%c: one tierce. &%c; two tierces,
8*,4c; five tierces. 8V»c per lb. • --' - • t
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops. '
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about lc under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers, 8Vi®9c; medium, 8'/ic; light. 8c; Cow
hides, 8c; Stags. Cc; Salted Kip, 13c; Dry Calf,
15c; culls and brands. 12c; Sheepskins. Shear
lings, 20tfr30c each: short Wool. SO^Oc each: me
dium 60@S0c: long* Wool. 90c<g$I 10 each; Horse
Hides salt, *2@2 23 for large. $1 73 for medium.
$1 for'small and 50c for colts: Horse hides, dry.
$1 50 for large, $1 25 for medium. $1 for small
and 25©5Oc for colts. Deerskins— Summer or red
skins, 35c; fall or medium skins. 30c: winter or
thin skins. 20c. Goatskins— Prime_ Angoras, 75c;
large and smooth, 50c; medium. 35c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 4@4Vjc per lb; No.
2. 3«3>?c; grease. 2«2',ie.
WOOL— Spring clip is quotable as follows:
Northern, free, 15J»16c; Northern, defective. 12?j>
14c; Middle County, free, 14316c; Middle Coun
ty, defective. 12@14c: Southern Mountain. 12
months', ll!§12c: Southern Mountain, free. .
months'. ll!5T12e; Southern Mountain, defective,
7 months'. Sfjllc: Humboldt and Mendocino, 16
@17c: Nevada. 13S16c per lb.
Fall flip— San Joaquin. 6<-A£Sc: do Lambs . 8
«Hc; Middle County. 9@llc per lb.
HOPS— Old, nominal at JSlOc per lb; new.
1C'Ci12c.
San Francisco Meat Market.
Lower prices for Hogs are quoted, supplies
being more liberal. Feeders are dull. Other
meats stand about the same.
BEEF— 5<g5c per lb for fair to choice.
VEAL— Lerge. 7®8c; small, S%@9%c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, VA^Sc; ewes. 7S7V4C per
pound.
LAMB— Spring. 8^j@9c per lb.
PORK— Live Hogs. 5»ic for small. 5»;c for me
dium and 5HC for large; stock Hogs and feed
ers, o@5V*c; dressed Hogs. S<81!V£c.
General Merchandise.
BAGS— San Quentln Bags, $5 63: Calcutta
Grain Bags. 5»ic; Wool Bags. 2SVi#32Hc; Fleece
Twine. 7%c; Fruit Bags. 6Vit;6*ic for white and
S^fS^c for bleached Jute.
COAL— Wellington. SO per ton ;Southfleld Well
ington. $9; Seattle. $7; Bryant, $7: Coos Bay,
$3 50; Wallsend, $9; Co-operative Wallsend. »3;
Cumberland, {12 In bulk and $13 25 In sacks;
Pennsylvania Anthracite Eggr. IU; Cannel, $11
per ton: Coke. $16 per ton in bulk and $1S In
sacks; Rocky Mountain descriptions, |S 45 per
2000 lbs. and S$ 50 per ton.accordlng to brand.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, per lb in 10O-lb bags: Cubes, A
Ciushed and Fine Crushed. 6.S0c; Powdered.
fi.40c; Candy Granulated. 8.40c: Dry Granulated,
6.30c; Confectioners' A, 6.30c; Magnolia A. 5.90c;
Extra C, 5.80c; Golden C. 5.70c; barrels. 10c
more; half-barrels, 25c more; boxes, 50c more;
EO-lb bags 10c more. No orders taken for
less than 75 barrels or its equivalent. Domi
noes, half -barrels, 7.05c; boxes. 7.30c per lb.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR NINETY-SIX HOURS.
Flour, qr sks 8.S2S Bran, sks 1.640 !
Wheat, ctls 17.SB5 Middlings, sks .. 1.5S0
Barley, ctla 1<?.9:.3 Hay. tons 2,sl«
Oats, ctls 2.430 Straw, tons JO
Com. ctls 175 Wool, balea 243
Rye. ctls 670 Shorts, sks 9*
Butter, ctls 2S0 Epsrs. doz 24.750
Cheese, ctls 302 Hides. No 796
Tallow, ctls 82 Pelts, bdls 434
Ltme bbls 2U Chicory, bbls W
Sugar, bbla 170 Quicksilver, flsks 99
Sujrar, sks 7,025 Leather, roll* .... 209
Potatoes, slcs 1.013 Wine, gals 70.700
Onions, sks 100!
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks 10,533jOat«. ctl* 1.637
Wheat, ctls 25OiBran. ska 7.2SO
WASHINGTON.
Flour, qr sks ... 7,434fOats. ctls 2.370
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 13, 1900.
Foreign Futures.
Steamer Movements.
8
California Fruit Sales.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
Articles— Open. Hlsh.
Wheat Xo. 2—
September "3 T fc "5
Dctober 75'i 73 I !i
November 7614 "fiVi
Corn No. 2— P
September 40*' 8 40 s *
Dctnber 39'4 39>i
November 3C*i 36%
Oats Mo. 2 —
September 21% 21%
October 22 22
November 22V4 22'/i
Mess Pork, per bbl—
September
October 11 40 11 52<i
January 1123 1135
Lard. r>er 100 lbs—
September
October 6 S5 6 85
January 6 62'4 6 C2Vz
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs—
September 7 50 7 57Vi
October 7 37>£ 7 40
January 5 95 6 02%
. Low. Close.
73'4 74H
74% 7414
75 75 hi
40»i 40%
SS',4 3SH
36»i Zi%
21% 21%
21% 21%
22'/a 22U
11 4214
11 27}i 11 62',i
11 2214 11 35
6 S2^
6 77V4 6 85
6 57% "6 G2'£
7 45 7 57'.4
7 32V4 7 40
5 95 6 02'zi
Tin
ItT
unsi
AY.
ssr"
Sun rises ..
.5:«
f>
Sun sets ...
Moon risf3
~~9 ITlme'
s> | 1
? jH W
i
rim^j
I Ft. 1
I I
jTin
Tie!
— h
W|
.'¦'.'.'.'¦3:V:"p.'
|TJme|
Ft. ! 1
|L W!
,«:a
*. m.
Ft.
IS ... 2:511
14 :.. 4:uS|
15 ... 5:19'
16 ... 6:35l
4.51
I 4.2
4.1
I 4.2
7:4J(
8:35l
9:44:
11:08!
i "
I S.f»
'¦ 3.4
t 3.3
3:
4:
5-
:08
5.<; »:02l
5i 10:14!
S.4. 11:26
5.21 .
0.2
0.2
0.2
JL Wj
17 ...I 0:32!
18 ...I 1:291
19 ...j 2:l«l
0.2
0.2!
o.s|
ft vr\
7:361
8:2S|
9:061
I 4.71
! 4.9!
f&
I 1:
1 2:
w
:30l
:33!
:32|
Ill W
3.1! «:2Ti!
2.9' 1:791
2.5t 8:23;
5.1
Steamer.
*ron
I Due.
T | m
Mackinaw ..
Del Xorte ...
Fan Juan ...
Pomona .....
Point Arena.
Crescent Cit;
I*akme
.. I Seattle.
..|Portlan
..'Pan.imi
.(Humbol
..Point A
. Crescon
..Seattle.
it.
•ft
C
Sep. 13
.... Sep. 13
Sep. 13
i«ep. 13
.... Sep. 13
3?p. 13
Sep. It
(,'oo3 Ray ...
Nippon Mar
Empire
Tltanla
"iNVwpor
..'China a
..ICoos Bs
..'N'analrr
ISep. 14
lt«ep. 14
Sep. 14
Sep. 15
AlKos*
Mlneola
Progress . . . .
Washtenaw .
Corona
Walla Walla
Eureka
State of Cal
Arc-ata
North Fork..
Eonlta
a..
f.V.
.. China n
.. Xanalm
. . Oyster
. . Tacoma
..[San Die
..iVictori:
..[Humbol
..JPortlan
..ICoos Bt
..Ulumt'o!
..IKowpor
ani
n
eg
.1.
1.1.
.IV
.IV
rt.
ipan
r>r
ISep. 13
Sep. IS
Sop. 15
Sep. 15
Sep. 16
(Sep. 15
....(Sep. IS
....ISep. 17
iscp. 17
ISep. IS
jScp. tt
i
a
Steamer. | Destination.
Is.
City ruehlai'vic & PfTt Sd.
Santa P.osa San Diego.....
Rival Willapa. Har.
Pomona ... Humboklt
Boric China &.Tapan
. |Sep.
.Sep.
.Sep.
.|&ep.
i!?ep.
13.
14.
14.
13.
1>.
1-.
> am!
i am!
i pmi
I pm!
IPler
I Pier
iPloi
PJei
!pm:
Columbia ..| Portland
Newburs ..lOrays Harbor
n*-l Nortel Portland
Coos Bay.. (Newport
Eureka ....IHurnboMt
Newport ...! Now York
Walla W...]Vlctoria
Iaqua iHumhoUlt
Corona ....!?an niepo
Areata I Coos Bay
Australia ..iHonolulu
Bonlta .... Newjwt
North Fork Humboldt
. Srp.
rScv>.
. ! r^ep.
.|Se;>.
.!S«-p.
.!Sep.
.!Sep.
JS«-p.
.(Sep.
..Sep.
.'Sen.
. i:>.
. i«!
. IS.
. 17.
. IS.
. H.
. IX
. is.
. IX
.19,
. 20.
. 21.
Steamer. | Destination.
Is.
City ruehlai'vic & PfTt Sd.
Santa P.osa San Diego.....
Rival Willapa. Har.
Pomona ... Humboklt
Boric China &.Tapan
. |Sep.
.Sep.
.Sep.
.|&ep.
i!?ep.
13.
14.
14.
13.
1>.
1-.
> am!
i am!
i pmi
I pm!
IPler
I Pier
iPloi
PJei
!pm:
Columbia ..| Portland
Newburs ..lOrays Harbor
n*-l Nortel Portland
Coos Bay.. (Newport
Eureka ....IHurnboMt
Newport ...! Now York
Walla W...]Vlctoria
Iaqua iHumhoUlt
Corona ....!?an niepo
Areata I Coos Bay
Australia ..iHonolulu
Bonlta .... Newjwt
North Fork Humboldt
. Srp.
rScv>.
. ! r^ep.
.|Se;>.
.!S«-p.
.!Sep.
.!Sep.
JS«-p.
.(Sep.
..Sep.
.'Sen.
. i:>.
. i«!
. IS.
. 17.
. IS.
. H.
. IX
. is.
. IX
.19,
. 20.
. 21.
Steamer.
*ron
I Due.
T | m
Mackinaw ..
Del Xorte ...
Fan Juan ...
Pomona .....
Point Arena.
Crescent Cit;
I*akme
.. I Seattle.
..|Portlan
..'Pan.imi
.(Humbol
..Point A
. Crescon
..Seattle.
it.
•ft
C
Sep. 13
.... Sep. 13
Sep. 13
i«ep. 13
.... Sep. 13
3?p. 13
Sep. It
(,'oo3 Ray ...
Nippon Mar
Empire
Tltanla
"iNVwpor
..'China a
..ICoos Bs
..'N'analrr
ISep. 14
lt«ep. 14
Sep. 14
Sep. 15
AlKos*
Mlneola
Progress . . . .
Washtenaw .
Corona
Walla Walla
Eureka
State of Cal
Arc-ata
North Fork..
Eonlta
a..
f.V.
.. China n
.. Xanalm
. . Oyster
. . Tacoma
..[San Die
..iVictori:
..[Humbol
..JPortlan
..ICoos Bt
..Ulumt'o!
..IKowpor
ani
n
eg
.1.
1.1.
.IV
.IV
rt.
ipan
r>r
ISep. 13
Sep. IS
Sop. 15
Sep. 15
Sep. 16
(Sep. 15
....(Sep. IS
....ISep. 17
iscp. 17
ISep. IS
jScp. tt
i
a
Tin
ItT
unsi
AY.
ssr"
Sun rises ..
.5:«
f>
Sun sets ...
Moon risf3
~~9 ITlme'
s> | 1
? jH W
i
rim^j
I Ft. 1
I I
jTin
Tie!
— h
W|
.'¦'.'.'.'¦3:V:"p.'
|TJme|
Ft. ! 1
|L W!
,«:a
*. m.
Ft.
IS ... 2:511
14 :.. 4:uS|
15 ... 5:19'
16 ... 6:35l
4.51
I 4.2
4.1
I 4.2
7:4J(
8:35l
9:44:
11:08!
i "
I S.f»
'¦ 3.4
t 3.3
3:
4:
5-
:08
5.<; »:02l
5i 10:14!
S.4. 11:26
5.21 .
0.2
0.2
0.2
JL Wj
17 ...I 0:32!
18 ...I 1:291
19 ...j 2:l«l
0.2
0.2!
o.s|
ft vr\
7:361
8:2S|
9:061
I 4.71
! 4.9!
f&
I 1:
1 2:
w
:30l
:33!
:32|
Ill W
3.1! «:2Ti!
2.9' 1:791
2.5t 8:23;
5.1
Articles— Open. Hlsh.
Wheat Xo. 2—
September "3 T fc "5
Dctober 75'i 73 I !i
November 7614 "fiVi
Corn No. 2— P
September 40*' 8 40 s *
Dctnber 39'4 39>i
November 3C*i 36%
Oats Mo. 2 —
September 21% 21%
October 22 22
November 22V4 22'/i
Mess Pork, per bbl—
September
October 11 40 11 52<i
January 1123 1135
Lard. r>er 100 lbs—
September
October 6 S5 6 85
January 6 62'4 6 C2Vz
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs—
September 7 50 7 57Vi
October 7 37>£ 7 40
January 5 95 6 02%
. Low. Close.
73'4 74H
74% 7414
75 75 hi
40»i 40%
SS',4 3SH
36»i Zi%
21% 21%
21% 21%
22'/a 22U
11 4214
11 27}i 11 62',i
11 2214 11 35
6 S2^
6 77V4 6 85
6 57% "6 G2'£
7 45 7 57'.4
7 32V4 7 40
5 95 6 02'zi
AUCTION SALE by electric li"ht. fUES-
DAY EVENING. September IS. 10u>. at 7:A«.
One hundred hea.l of splendid horses: your.£-
and well broken: suitable for all purp*,^*; now
on exhibition. Occidental Horse Exchaise. 721
Howard st.
I
:
I
|
I
I
.
[
JJury in Judge Hunt's Court Holds
That the Deceased Was Un
duly Influenced.
NOBMANN'S TESTAMENT
IS ADJUDGED ILLEGAL
SAN RAFAEL. Sept. 12.— A yearling rplke buck in deadly conflict with an
enormous eagle on the grass-covered slope of Pine Hill— that was the strange
sight that met th? eyes of Charles Lefevre and a companion while deer
hunting in that locality some days ago.
Mr. I,efevre, In relating the story, said:
"We had hunted all morning without any luck and were returning to
camp along the ridge, when we observed, circling high In the air above the
glades, what we thought was a giant buzzard/ We stopped and watched the
bird's actions. Each circle that it made brought it closer to a patch of wild
oats In the center of the glade. "With a sudden swoop and closed wings the
bird dove Into the deep grass and the next Instant the bird and a spike buck
were in conflict. We crawled to within several hundred yards of the spot and
now saw that the deer's assailant was a large eagle. The deer plunged
down the hill, the eagle perched upon hfs shoulders and wilh beak and tal
ons tearing -at his hide and flesh. Plunging Into a small oak bush the buck
scraped the bird from, his back, but only for an instant. As the deer
emerged .from the tangle of branches the- eagle swooped at him again. The
buck, that had now ceased Its bleating, reared up and with Its razor-like fore
hoofs struck at th<3 winged enemy hovering close above.
"What the result of the battle might have been Is hard to say. We
could stand the sight no longer and opened a brisk lire with our rifles on the
k!ng#of birds. One of the bullets plowed away a hatful of feathers and then
the eagle soared away. We left the buck undisturbed."
Eagles are rarely seen in this county and this one Is probably a stray
vlsltor from the riheep ranges of the north. The eagle Is described as hav
ing an eight-foot rpread to Its wings.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
ade That Day.
Nrxt Wednftsflay will he circus day.
That menr.s a holiday for a worlil of peo
ple Th<» RintrlliiK Bros, will take posses
sion of the Fhow grounds at Sixteenth
and Folpom streets early Wednesday
morning and erect thereon their tented
city, which covers twelve acres of ground.
ThVre will be twenty separate pavilions
to shelter their prcit family of 1000 em
ployes. ;'.!W horscF, MO chariots, dens, floats
and talil< au car.«. and the great arena
nroiin:l which fieathiK arrangements are
l'iovidt-<1 for l.'i.OOO people.
The Ringllng circus is now the greatest
enterprise of its kind In America. The. zo
ological collection in particularly flno.
The animals are rare Fpeelmens and are
cared for with a Ken«ltlve appreciation of
their value. There is a herd of twenty
live elephants; nearly twice as many as
are known to bo In the United States
outsido of this menag-erle. Then there
are the liona, tigers, leopards, bears, ante
lopes, zebra, all klnd.s of brilliantly feath
ered birds, a gnu, a yak, a vlnck vork,
hippopotamus — in fact, about everything
In the aniinnl kingdom that Is strange,
unique and IntereFting.
The street parade Wednesday morning
will be a tremendous affair. Rlngllng
Bros.' parades are said to be the most
elaborate and expensive ever organized.
The procession will start from the show
grounds at 9 o'clock. Sixteen perform
ances will be given in San Francisco, be
ginning Wednesday, September 19. These
performances will be given in the after
noon at 2 o'clock and in the evening at 8
o'clock. Those wishing to avoid the
crowd at the show grounds may buy re
served seats and admission tickets ¦ at
Sherman & Clay's music store on show
day for the same price tnat Is paid at
the ticket wagon on the grounds.
Ringling Btos.' Monster Aggregation
to Give Magnificent Street Par-
CIRCUS WILL ARRIVE
HERE NEXT WEDNESDAY
HOTEL ABRIVALS.
PALACE HOTEL
A C do Forrest. Chlgo
W R Fay, Pasadena
C McPride. S Jose
P. A Hamilton. Stanf.1
C H Merriman. Wash
J P McCre«ry. Chicago
C D Crew, I> An*
W ft Hoth. 8unford
E Younger 3k w, Cal
Miss Russell. Cfcl
JI Chrtatlensen & w.
Rio Vista
J K Miner. S Joce
J Stabler * w. Cal
T I^erch. la An<
N S Mullan. I- An*-
Mrs Golden. N Y
Ml*s Frohman, X T
D Roberts A v. Utah
J J v.'hite. Clni»
H LJndley. Ktamath
Miss Newlln. I> An<
F J Miller. Chicago
E Woorlco'ck. Chlrajro
M D H'.rsch Jr. N J
J Efflncer Jr. Mich
E Stoerow, I, \nr
E Mwts A w. Mo
n V Ellis. Han.'nri
J Fennel s. Tehama
J R Kocker. Shanghai
W Pierre. Rlverstd*
C E MetZ!f*>r, N T
J C Sullivan. USA
Mrs Sullivan. USA
Mm miridg.?. Frfsno
Miss Forrester. Fresno
C E Oiilman, !«tanfor4
M C Isaac?. Chicago
J Fanshaeve Jr. Fa
C Becker, Cal
W C Ward, Tendon
J Pllmmer. Toronto
Miss Pllmmer. Toronto
J P Smith & w. Cal
C Yearr.an* A w, Colo
C E Rruce ti »-, I, a
Mrs Mackymont. Cal
Mlsw E Orthout. Fresno
Uln 11 Orthout. Fr-«n
J W Plrer. Easton
R C Victor. Stanford
U I.unromh. L. Oatos
M E Oalnea, AlanWa
W McLaughllu. Havnn
C Orcen. Kansas city
C Hillary, St Lonls
R Gorlwln. M»mrhis
Mm Col ton. N Y
Count Lymburiaf Stlrum.
ncrlln
J A Rice. L, C.atrm
iMIm R O«<len. Reno
GRAND HOTF.T
J Poundstone. Grim**
J W Snid*r. Wadnwrth
R E Whitney M.iryw',1
H O Miller. Santa Cru»
R E Johnson. Fresno
T Partorl. San Hafa<»l|
V Partori. Fairvllle
L Gioli. Pausallto
F D Abbe. San Jn<e
L Adams & w, P.->rtld t
J W Ennls ft w. Cat |
P D Crabb. Arizona I
F A Woolw»y. Arizona*
H R Hitchcock. Cal '
O H Wafrner Aw. Mr>
W M Van Patten W«h
Mrs J Rftblnsnrr. Ma ho
O Screlber. V'nalla
J F Wetly Von Angeles'
Silas Ya*er. Sn Bprrfnot
Ml*s W Ta*er, Sn Bdn
O 5» Murphy * w. Cal
C H Marsh. Oregon
D T Fl»h. Hanforrf
J N Hoyt. Hanford !
MIm M A Tllton. Cal,
C W Push. Pho#nl*
n W W>»ner. Ka» rityi
W Harris. Sacrsm<-ntol
H C P-hafer. Mich
F II Huches. Artxona ,
J H Oratain. Arizona:
NEW WESTI
F Day. Santa Clara
J A L!n<i.«ay. Sta Clara i
James Mulrny.Stn Cruij
S E Rallarrt. Boston
P H Moll. Sacto
ft W Wi»e. Ga!v»stnn '
T Llllyals. Lns Ansf?!p»,
J K Knlsht & w. Port!
B W Fisher & w.Portld
H J Lynch. San Diego i
Mr* 1! M!tPh»lJ. C«|
II W Shutler A w Ciil
H Cabalar. KtM ttlufr
J W LyndTi & w Cal
Mrs I Lynden Cal
F A«t!ni?er * w. Cal
T Tf>w!e. Taccma
It V Winston. Chicago
r F Koklow. Folsom
K Taylor, n It Flat
WJW'a^hburn A w. LA
C F Klruisley. Anxona
O E Nutt. Pan DIpro
P Ralsart * w N M
C J Kill*. Honolulu
F* J Hndfk'ns. S'kton
P N Hr.d?ktrs. Ptkton
R K Johncon. Fresno
R K Whitney Cal
>J Ftalley Marysville
L Jfffe. Marr*v!U»
T C Jnhnson A w. 3 F>
O Towland San Jo«e
I- A Splts»r. San J..«-
E Rnlin* * w. San Jo*
PrPJ OUlnxrr. S T
F S!mond«. V«vad.i
Mm M A Harkoy. N>v
A W Perry. Ln» Ang
I.. E Junjf. New Orins
L A .Tuns N>it Orlns
Mrs W Fr'tJrh. Cal
:rn hotkl.
iMr» Lynch * <l.f» rM«~ >
iH»!tn Clark. Cincinnati
J F Hart. Mexico
R H Hoyd. St LnuN
T Oarland. Gram Val
T Shjrmacher.CBMstjra
TV Adams & w, Vaile]v>
L Tf bra, Haywards
C M Crawford, Vermont
HER DEATH CAUSED
BY EXCESSIVE STUDY
OAKLAND. Sent. 15.-Too close appli
cation to Ptudy was the cause of the
death in thl* city of Miss Winnifred Lois
Blakcmor". a prospective student at the
University of California. The deceased
was 27 yenrp o!d ur.d 3 native of Rt-ddinsr
where she had been e.-.paged in teaching
school. She left her native town and
came to Berkeley for the purpose of at- i
tending college.
The remains will be pent to Redding, '
where the funeral will take place.
A Class of Strangers Is Taken Over
the Hot Sands and Then
Banqueted.
At the Kepsion of Is!nm Temple of the
Ancient Arabic Order of Mystic Shriners
last night thirty-three candidates were es
corted ovfr the hot sands of the desert
r.nd initiated with nil the imprerslve cere
monies of the order. The work in the
UPPCT hall was followed by a banquet In
thf lower hall.
Then- were present about 400 wearers of
the re<l ii.-z. Potentate Hurl hurt was
toastrnastcr and there were responses by
A. P. Ciur.n, who recently returned from
Honolulu, who lol'l of the preparations
madt* to receive the members ot Islam
Temple; Jttdga Wileon of Eureka, Nev. ;
John Tonnln^en, worthy patron of Yerba
Uuer.a Chapter of the Eastern Star:
Oorgo F. Xeal, John l.ackinann and
others.
The Shriners will, a week from Satur
day, go In a body to the Masonic Home
at Decoto.
SHRINERS INITIATE
MANY CANDIDATES
SARATOGA. Sept. 12.— Tho Democratic
State Convention to-night nominated this
ticket:
Governor— John J. StanchHeld of Che
mur.fr.
Lieutenant Governor— William Mackey,
Erie.
Secretary of State — John T. Morton of
Rensfela«->r.
Comptroller— Edwin S. Atwater, Duch
ess.
Treasurer— John B. Judson, Fulton.
Attorney General— Thomas P. Conway,
Clinton.
Engineer and Surveyor— Kussell R. Stu
art of Onondagra.
Th<» head of the tlckot was not selected
without acrimonious personalities and a
sarcastic exchange of compliment." among:
tho leaderf. Hut when the will of the con
vention had b^on finally registered ex-Sen
ator Hill was llrst to propose the unani
mous nomination "of a friend of lifelong
standing— John J. Stanchfield."
Thlf attitude proved so ppontaneously
efft-ctive that representatives of almost
• very county who had opposed Mr.
Stanchfleld were immediately upon their
IVc-t and one by one they were recojrnlzed
l>y Chairman liuines to second the nomin
ation.
An evidence of purpose of avoldinp fric
tion upon all other iues=tions than tho
Rubernatoria! candidate upon the part of
both Mr. Hi'.l ar.il Mr. Crokcr was mani
fest throughout the proceedings.
TICKET NAMED BY
NEW YORK DEMOCRATS
FAST HOUNDS WILL
RUN AT UNION PARK
W. C. Glasaon's Sleigh Bells vs. H. A. Deck
elmon's Snapshot; Curtis A Son's The Kram vs.
A. Johnson's Mountain Beauty; Russell, Allen
& Wilson's Spiteful vs. It. E. de U. Lopez's
Warrlgal; F. A. McComb's Little Sister vs. J.
P. Thrift's St. Michael; Curt!s & Scn'» Old
Glory vs. K. Geary's Ireland; J. I- Ross' J. I<.
R. vs. H. A. Deckcimans Kanaka; J. Sut
ton's Hersehel's Pride v«. J. J. Kenny's Hot
Haste; Curtis & Son's Flying Fox vs. T. J. Cro
nln's Vandal; J. Carroll's Master Claire vs.
E. M. Kello^K's Iowa Maid; F. Schou's Smug-
Kler vs. Landc & Gerber's Rienzl: C?. B. Charls
worth'B Crawford Braes vs. J. Moriarty's Jim
my Anthony; Jeff Martenett's Slim vs. P. 1L
Clarkson's Golden Garter: R. E. de B. Lopez's
WarrlRo vs. Pasha Kennels' May Hernpstead;
Connell Bros.' St. Helen vs. T. J. Mclner
ney's Annie Hall; E. M. Kelloftg's Kid McCoy
vs. J. Carroll's Auckland; It. E. de B. Lopes' j
Crawford Rex vs. Russell. Allen & Wilson's
Ptrayaway; W. C. Gla*son's Santonin vs.
Pacha Kennels' Risky Attempt: J. R. Smith's
Petronlus vs. Kay Bros.' Hawker: Aen«id Ken
nels' Athena vs. J. R. Smith's Victor *tjueen;
P J. Reilly'B Royal Union vs. Curtis & Son's
Cash: J. It. Smith's Sylvanus vs. T. W. Car
tels' Mac's Melody: Georne Pharman's Chicago
Boy vs. Curtis & Son's McKinley; Rassell. Al
len & Wilson's Weddln* Bells vs. J. P. Thrift's
rtrutus; J. L. Ross" Wild Wave v». Curtis &
Son's Narcissus; E. Oeary's America vs. R
6 - I)owd's Cascade: Kay Bros.' Dudley Dia
mond vs. George Sharman's Bowery Boy: P.
J Rellly's Honesty vs. Curtis & Son's War
path; J. P. Thrift's Forpet vs. Pasha Kennels'
Rolllcklnir Airs: Curtis & Son's Candelaria vs.
J Byrnes' Moll Hogan; R. E. de B. Lopez's
Minnie Wa Wa vs. Curtis * Sou's King Cot
ton; A. Johnson's Bald Eagle vs. W. C. Badg
er'a Alameda Lad; S. Handy' s Twin City
Girl vs. P- Rellly's Jim Jeffries;
J. Sutton's Master Lawrence vs. Curtis & Son'j
Cavalier: P. J. Rellly's Moonbrlght vs. ri. A.
r>«-ckel man's Rocker; M. Dunlea's Erin v*.
Pasha Kennels' Random Aim; Maher A. Reid's
Had Boy vs. C. O. Peterson's Silver Cloud;
Russell. Allen A Wilson's Lord Artfoa* vs.
H R. Leonard's Half Moon: W. Creamer's
Jesse Moore vs. Curtis & Son's KIboih; W.
Creamer's Lily Wright vs. W. Cairne's Im
perial; J. McCormick's Whjte Lily vs. Curtis
& Son's Anchor; T. J. Cronln's Daisy Dale vs.
Aeneld Kennels' Aeneas: T. .J. Mcln^rney*
Tommy Rex v». F. Sehou's Lady Glenkirk: L.
F. Bartels' Beer Brewer vs. Pasha l>nnels"
Recording Angel: Curtis & Son's Psych* n.
Curtis & Son's Vanity Fair: Curtis & i-'on's
Echo vs. F. Rothman's Justice: W. Creamer'*
Onward vs. P. J. Rellly's Plough Roy: T. ).
Mclnerney's Regina R vs. J. Moriarty's Snap
per Garrison; Captain Cane's Master Daven
port vs. F. Pchou's Kin?'s Borderer; F. A.
McComb's Motto TSV J. II. W. Mutter's Cruiser;
T. J. Cronln's Wild Tralee vs. T. -J. Mi*Lt«t
ney's Nora; F. A. McComb'.« Patriot vs. P M.
Clarkson's Headwater: J. McCortnlcV* Proud
Beauty vs. E. Curk's Night Tiro*; P;uh.i Ken
nels' Royal Anne vs. J. Horn's Bor.a KM?: It.
L. Taylor's Beauty Spot vs. Erwln & Lynn's
Sliver Wlnars.
The drawing for the Saturday and Sun
day open stake at Union Park was held
at Pythian Castle last night. One hun
dred and eight nominations were made.
The dogs were paired as follows:
Results of the Drawing for the Satur
day and Sunday Open
Stake.
scious condition on n bench in Goldrn Gate
Park opposite Seventh avenue yesterday
morning. His clothes were saturated with
th? rain and it was evident that he had
been on the bench all night. How ho
went to" the park, at what time and for
what purpose la a mystery.
He was taken to the Receiving Hospital
in a patrol wagon and died about 4 o'clock
yesterday afternoon. Hia Identity waa not
known till a few minutes before his death.
when C. K. Peck, the driver of his laundrr
wagon, called at the hospital and recog
nized him. Peck said Moore left San Ma
ton Tuesday morning for the <lty to en
gage nelp for hia laundry. — He waa 68
yearn of age and leaves a wife, but no
family. He had only bf-en In San Mateo
for a month, and nrior to that time he
owned a ranch at Xapa.
Orrin E. Moore, proprietor of a laundry
at Ran Mateo, wa3 found In an uncon-
Orrin E. Moore, Laundryman. of San
Mateo, Dies at the Receiv
ing Hospital.
FOUND IN THE PARK IN
UNCONSCIOUS CONDITION
ALA&IEDA. P<r>t. 12.— Hpcausp her hus
r>nrd w*nt to law to have his Rena mar
riae" annulled. Mrs. Fr^da Adler, de
eponflent an^ weary of life, drank carbolic
j.i ; ? la an attempt to commit suicide this
afternoon at th«; residence of Mr. and
Mn Georjre Tyler. Lincoln and Everett
f'.rcc*. She was found unconscious In a
•>m. an empty bottle of poison by
her Bide. Drs. Smith and Keys were hur
riedly summoned. They -worked for hours.
but the dose proved fatal. The young
woman died at 11 o"clock to-nlpht.
: ¦ A';<-r. a Fan Francisco cipar dealer,
v.-.-.> the unfortunate woman's husband.
A (ih-trt t!mo a?i. after the now famnus
Ju'lge Beicher decision on Reno mar
rlageft. Artier brought his suit upon thp
tround that his marriago across the line
was illegal. The couple separated. Mrs.
>ii!cr. who was less than 2-"> years of age,
was greatly disturbed about the prore<d
lr.es .ind bf^amo despondent. Yesterday
Fho w^nt to the Tylers', with whom she
«2s r-.ofpiainted. It ¦was evident that she
ha«i j>1anr>«>d to end her life. She locked
ri*rp<-ll in the bathroom and drank the
poison. Mrs. Tyler di^covtred that some
thing was wrong and had the door forced
epen.
H.-n Ad'cr was summoned from San
Franeifoo to-night. He would say little
about bia wife's d^ed,. except to admit her
despondent condition and worry because
of the eu't he had brouerht. Thcv had
b<»en living apart for some time. havJn/r
Wt each other rj soon as Adler decided
that the Rc-n<» mnrriase was not a legal
marriapo. Th« <"nroner took charge of
Mrs. Adlcr's remains.
BEN ADLEFTS REfJO
WIFE KILLS HERSELF
WILL FIGHT
HARD TO AVERT
A CONVICTION
! NAPA. Sept. 12. — Frank Matthai.
j charged with the murder of George- Stan
| ley at Chiles Valley, in this county, on
I May 29 last, was brought Into the Su
perior Court thla morning for trial.
Much to the surprise of everybody,
George Knight of San Francisco appeared
as attorney for the defendant, and It Is
evident that a hard fight Is to be made
to save the accused from conviction.
Matthai will plead self-defense. The
case was called at 10 o'clock and
the following jury was Impaneled:
E. Manchester, Robert McOreer, A.
Rogers. Frederick Colley, John Mc-
Fearling-, M. Brown, John Simmons, M.
j Montgomery, Joseph Reynolds, Henry
I Weiiver, James Hardin and W. Johnson.
j The case was then continued until Thurs-
I day morning at 9:30 o'clock, when the
prosecution will present Its evidence. Dis
trict Attorney Bell appears for the State.
Tho details of the shooting last May ate
as follows: George Stanley, an old resi
dent of Alameda County, a few years ago
purchased mining Interests In Chiles Val
ley and be^an the work of developing the
property. Matthai's sisters, ¦who reside in
San Francisco, own land adjoining that
of Stanley. They believe that a mine
located on the Stanley place Is on their
property, so they sent their brother up
to the place to guard it. Stanley on the
morning of May 29 last went with a
nephew of his to the disputed mine, which
Is close to the dividing line of the two
properties, to begin the work of develop
ing the claim. As Stanley drove up the
road leading to the mine he was met by
Matthai, who had a shotgun In his hand.
The latter asked Stanley where he was
going. Stanley replied: "To the mine."
Matthai remonstrated with Stanley and
told him to keep away from the mine,
that he would not be allowed to go near
It. Stanley replied: "I will see about it."
and started to get out of hla cart. Matthai
raised his gun and pointed it at Stanley.
The latter grasped the weapon to protect
himself. Ma4thal then whipped a revolver
from his hip pocket and shot at Stanley.
The bullet entered Stanley's left eye and
ho fell, living but an hour.
i Matthai was arrested several hours
after the tragedy and taken to the Xapa
jail, where he has been awaiting trial.
His preliminary examination was held at
Rutherford before Justice Ritchie, who
held Matthai to answer before the higher
court without bonds.
of George Stanley.
Frank Matthai on Trial at
Napa for the Slaying
PAWNSHOP NEAR
THE PRESIDIO
ROBBED TWICE
THE Chinese priests and punk deal
ers will be kept busy for the next
month as the rci-jut of the work of
the evil spirits \v::o attached them
selves to the funeral train of the latfe
Mong Chee Cock, whose body was In
terred yesterday in San Mateo County.
Moni? Chee Cook during: his many years
of residence in San Francisco was a lead
er among the <,'anto:i<>?e of Chinatown,
and when he died last Monday his foilow
ers prepared to give him a fitting sendoff.
Nat Herzog'e pawnshop near the en
trance to the Presidio was entered twice
during the past week and goods to the
value of $200 taken. Monday night the
crash of broken glass attracted the notlco
of Policemen Scott and Rlley. who were
about a block distant. They ran to Her
zog's store, whence the noise appeared to
come. The thieves evidently heard them
coming and fled, as no one waa in sight
when the policemen urnvcd. Herzos the
next morning reported the loss of three
pairs of field glasses.
The second attempt occurred Wednesday
nisht, and this time the thieves were more
successful. Two locks on the front door
were forced and over Jl'W worth of goods
stolen. The thieves made away with
twenty-five revolvers and a quantity of
Jewelry.
Companies E, K, G and II, comprising
the Second Battalion of the Eighth Infan
try, arrived at the Presidio yesterday
morning. Major Stretch is in command.
Tho otner orrlcers are: Captain C. b\
Kennedy, adjutant; Captain J. Stafford,
quartermaster; First lieutenant M. U.
btt-wart, commissary, and First Lieuten
ant C. K. Hussea, battalion adjutant.
Company E is commanded by Captain It.
P. Ames and Lieutenants Collins and Ed
wards, Company F is under command of
Lieutenants D. VV. Kilbourn and A. V. de
Beaumont, Captain C. P. 'lerrett and
Ljeuteniint J. t\ James command Com
pany G and Company H is ottleered by
Captain M. D. ParKer and Lieutenants B,
H. Merchant and E. Caziurc.
An olficlal communiciiuon was received
at headquarters yesterday from Surgeon
General Siernberg directing that particu
lar care be taken in the examination of
volunteers who are to be discharged. So
many men receive their discharges and
subsequently make complaints concerning:
th«'ir treatment that the department in
tends that extreme care will be taken in
examining them. Volunteers too sick to
care for themselves will be detained at
the hospital until such time as they afe
able to travel.
General Shafter, with the Governor of
Wyoming and party as his guests, Inspect
ed* the reservation yesterday.
Captain Wilson Chase. Twenty-first In
fantry; Captain Jacob H. Culver, Thirty-
Becond Infantry, U; S. V.: Second L'.eu
tcr.ant Oliver F. Snydor. Eighteenth In
fantry, and Second Lieutenant John S.
Ohanit/ers. Twelfth Infantry, have bc-en
assigned to duty with a detachment of 400
recruits that will pall on the Thomas for
the Philippines.
Acting Assistant Surgeons Charles B.
Xlchol**, Howard W. Scager and Max F.
Clauslus, Samuel C. Lindsay, Irvine W.
Patton and Charles L. Baker have re
ceived orders for the Philippines and will
sail on the Thomas.
Once Again.
; t
I Frightened Away on First
Attempt, Burglars Try .
Fine Leather Goods,
Trunks, valises, pocketbooks billbooks,
card etses and traveling sets. Your name
stamped In gold lettors free of charge on
all fine leather goods purchased in our
store. Sanborn. Vail & Co., 741 Market St.*
Defeat the Hardys in the Play at
Doubles at Del Monte. i
Special Dispatch to The Call.
DEL MONTE Sept. 12.— The Whitney
brothers are the coast champlon3 in
doubles for the year 1000. They defeated
the famous Hardy brothers in straight
sets. The Hardy brothers had just re
turned from the East the winners of four
doublo tournaments, only to bo beaten In
their old home.
The play was commenced by Sam Hardy
serving, and the Whltneys won the flrat
four games. The next two fell to the
Hardys and the next two to the Whitney
brothers, giving them the set.
The second set was hotly contested from
start to finish. The Hardy brothers were
not quite in their game and lost the set,
C-3. In the third and last set the Hardys
won the first two games and In the sixth
game had. a lead of 4-2. The Whltneya
won the next two and tied the score, 4
all. The ninth game fell to the Whltnoys j
by clever play, as also the tenth, giving I
them the j«et and match.
The Hardy brothers were handicapped
somewhat by the courts, having- Just re
turned from the Kast. where they played
on grass courts. The defeat of the Hardya
was a great surprise, as all predicted an
easy victory after their success In the
East. The Whltneya are the champions
again in doubles after a lapse of four
years, and the California Club Is in hopes
that they will hold It four yeara more.
Warburton and Fatjo won the Consolation
doubles by defeating Stewart and McFar
lan in the finals — 7-5, 4-6, 6-2.
EAGLE AND SPIKE BUCK
IN BATTLE ON PINE HILL
Strange Conflict in Foothills of Marln County
Witnessed by San Rafael Hunters.
WHITNEYS THE CHAMPIONS.
»
Detention of Three Minutes by a
Mine Workman Saves Him From
Being 1 Buried Under 300
Tons of Hock.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN DIEGO. Sept. 12.— It seems from
mail advices which have reached h^re
that the first s;tory sent out about the
death of Daniel Beam and William Ames
at the Queen mine at Hodges was not
quite correct, and further it appears that
three well-known citizens of the State
came within about three minutes of being
sent into the next world with Beam and
Ames. Colonel Isaac Trumbo of Ban
Francisco, the present receiver of the
Golden Cross Mining Company, to which
the Queen mine belongs: Charles W.
Fauly of this city, who was the receiver
before the appointment of Mr. Trumbo,
and Assistant District- Attorney John
Metealf of this city, ¦who was visiting at
the mine, are the men ¦who had a narrow
escape.
They knew Beam and Ames and they
also knew that the blast, which had been
prepared, was to be put off in a short
time. The three men had been invited to
pee the blast by the two miners. They
started for the mine, but on the way ono
of the workmen stopped Receiver Trumbo
to talk with him about the mine. The
d<*lay was for three minutes and the
others waited for him. Just as they
started forward they heard the explosion.
Had they not leen stopped they would
have been with the miners when the ex
plosion occurred and would have been,
llko them, buried beneath the. tons of rock
which crushed their lives out. Beam and
Ames were dug out of the debris. When
found they were In an upright position,
but with three hundred tons of loose rock
around and above them.
The remains were placed on a bier in
Brenham place at an early hour yester
day morning, surrounded by roast pig.
duck, chicken, boiled rice and several
sticks of burning punk. During the en
tiro morning tho tom-toms and squeaking
reed Instruments, together with the
chanting of hiifd priests, rent the atmos
phere of the Plaza.
The funeral procession moved off at
high noon, an industrious bunch of Chlni
men throwing paper prayers from hacks
and wagons to keep away the evil one.
COL . TRUMBO'S NARROW
ESCAPE FROM DEATH
When the cortege reached Market street
and Grant avenue the express wagon con
taining the victuals intended for Chee
Cook's spirit on tho long voyage to the
great beyond met with a mishap. The
burning punks with which the wagon waa
adorned set fire to the sacred scrip ussd
for tho pacification of tha evil demons
camping on tho trail of the dead. The
(lames were next communicated to tho
roast pig and other KreitBy matter In the
wagon and then to the wagon Itself.
The unconscious dri\or with his pig
tailed companion who sat beside him hud
no knowledge of Impending peril until the
ilames were communicated to the tarpau
lin covering of the wagun. Then the con
flagration was complete and the attention
of passersby. together with the heat and
the driver's burning curly locks, notified
him of his danger.
As soon as the Chinaman who sat in
front with the driver discovered the con
dition of affairs he jumped from his seat
and. started off afoot as if pursued by a
thousand devils. He Is still running. The
expressman stood by his charge until hi3
hair and eyebrows were singed, when he
also jumped and succeeded In cutting the
traces, clearing the horse from the burn
ing wagon. The timely arrival of firemen
with a line of hose and a drum of chem
ical preparation extinguished the blaz*.
The fire being extinguished the express
man again hitched his nag to the partially
consumed wagon to overtake the funeral
so that he might not lose his day"s hlr-j.
The incident Is considered one of the
v(»ry worst omens of HI luck that could
follow a dead man. Hence the prlesta
and punk venders will be kept busy dur
ing the next month, for the evil spirits
who wrought this mischief must be ban-
Ishod out of Chinatown.
AN INCENDIARY DEMON
GETS HIS WORK IN AT THE
FUXKHAL OF THE LATE LA
MENTED MONG CHEE COOK.
NOTHING STABLE
CAN HE DISCERN
IN DEMOCRACY
Principles.
Horace (j. Platt Will Speak
for McKinley and His
There will be a new Richmond in the
field during the next campaign. Horace
«j. Platt, who until tho last Presidential
election was a Democrat of the Southern
and extreme type, has decided there is
nothing for'him In the Democratic partv,
and he will be seen and heard on the
platform for McKinl.ey and the principles
of KepubMcanism.
Four years ago Mr. Pratt read over the
platform adopted by the Chicago conven
tion, a_nd he decided he could not stand
for it. He was opposed to the view
taken of tlie money qut-s-iion; to the atti
tude of the platform toward the Supreme
Court; to the demand for a circumscrib
ing of the writ ot Injunction and io the
Kenera! air of wlldn<*jja anil Insincerity
that pervaded the annunciation of prin
ciples. As a consequence he voted for
McKinley and frankly said eo.
Platt believed, however, that the atti
tude of the Democratic party was bsit
temporary and that after it had scon the
error of its ways it would return to the
principles that had been its strength for
years. Instead, howevor, at the conven
tion at Kansas City thi Chicago platform
of It*t5 was reaffirmed iu every particu
lar, and more of the frame kiiul of wild
ness added. It was time to do something.
Mr. Piatt thought, so when he saw Colo
.nel Stone, chairman of the ItepuMIcan
State Central Committee, a few days asp,
be told the chairman that he was at the
tervice of the committee for the next
campaign.
""I do not know how many speeches I
will make." said Mr. Flatt last evening,
"but I will make two or time, anyway.
I told Colonel Stone that I would make
some f-pee'che?, but I do not wish to go
into the country and leave my ofliee.
"1 voted for McKinley four years ago
because I could not stand tho Democratic
platform, but when it was roalnrmed this
yt-ar I believed it ww tny duty to do what
I could to prevent the election of Bryan,
who represents eucb principles as were
annunciated. I told Colonel Stone that I
would be at the service of the committee,
that was all.
"The great issue this year is so-called
Imperialism. I do not believe there is
such a thing; as imperialism cither in the
course pursued by this Government or
suggested by it. I am heartily in favor
of the policy of President McKinley in
the question of foreign relations, and I
v.'ili support him.
"I objected to the 16 to 1 principle of
th*> Chicago platform, to the declarations
rep-ardins: the Supreme Court, to tho re
strictions placed upon the writ of injunc
tion and to the distinctions drawn be
tween capital and labor. I considered the
whole thing a fake and I could not sup
port it. I object also to the paternalism
of the Bryan idea of, government. Jeffer
po!i believed in Individualism, in leaving
the individual to work out his own salva
tion without Government interference.
But the Iiryan idea is more paternal than
any Government of these times, iiryan
ism goes beyond all the paternalism of
any Government.
"I believe In the doctrine annunciated
by Mclvinley and annunciated by others
before him. and I f<rel he is doing with
the Philippines precisely what has been
dope whenever this country has acquired
territory. If we had not expanded in the
wav we did and are doing wt_* would never
have been any more than the thirteen
original States.
"And so far as the principle that povcrn
ment should derive its power from the
consent of the K^verned. it may be an
swered bv the conditions in the South If
the negroes were allowed, to vote there
would not be a I>emocrat from the South
in the halls of Congress. Hut in the South
it Is well known that the preat mass of
people have no say in the matter of rov
trnrr.ent. The negro is not allowed to
vote, and If he should vote his ballot will
be held against him. There is no cry that
the negro of the South must he represent
ed In CongTess. Conditions here are akin
to those surrounding Aprulnaldo. and there
is no serious idea of giving him self-gov
ernment at the present time."
The step taken by Mr. Platt is not a
new one in the field of politics, but his
appearance on the platform is and It will
bring many a condemnation uopn his
head. But Mr. Platt has his own ideas on
politics as well as upon other things, and
I<!s words en the great Questions of tho
day may be the means of swinging some
of tlie doubtful and carrying them all Into
the reaf Republican party.
He Finds It.
the High.t Wheresoever
He Has Been on the Other Side, but
Believes It His Duty to Support
LANE BUYS
MORE MINES
AT CAPE NOME
It Is Said He Paid $150,000
for a Bench Claim in
Nakkila Gulch.
Strange Tale of the Cruelty of an
Alaska Boatman, Who Ma
roons a Man and Two
Women.
SEATTLE, Sept. 12.— According to news
from Nome received to-day the biggest
mining deal known in the Nome district
has teen consummated by Charles I>.
Lane in the purchase of the Mattie bench
claim, adjoining No. 2 Nakklla Gulch, for
JlSu'.OOO. The sellers are Tom Meehan. J.
H. Baker, John Erickson. Martin Cas
tillo and G. W, Long. The c'.alra was
bonded last July, Just before Lane came
south, but the deal was kept quiet. The
value of the claim was not discovered un
til late in June.
Tho revenue cutter Bear arrived at
Nome August 26 from Point Barrow.
Lieutenant BerthoU" aays the health of. tha
natives Is as good as usual, the epidemic
which has devastated the cou.st not hav
ing reached the Kotzebue. The whale
c«.tch has been good and 37,000 pounds of
whalebone are now stored at Foint Bar
row.
A small steamer, the Lully C. Captain
Alexander Campbell, from Dawson for
Cape Nome, was wrecked, in Bering Sea.
utter departing from Si. Michael for
Nome, ihe vessel was blown ashore in
the neighborhood of Cape Denbcigh and
the cargo lost. About a dozen people were
aboard, but got salely ashore. Alost o*
thr? members of the party reached Nome,
but two women and a man were still out
Afi«T the wreck of the Lully C the three
arranged with one Peter amlth to take
them on to Nome In a small boat. They
had gone but a few miles when the three
members of the Lully C party desired
to go ashore. After much difficulty tha
boat was rowed into a cove. The man
and two women utarted along the shore
In the direction which they hud come.
In the meantime the remaining eight
Cumbers of the Lully C party had pur
xTasetl a lifeboat from an Indian. They
Umched their craft and sueceedetl in
r<V>ing Point Darby. There they met
Si?vi. who informed them in regard to
the inan and two women. The survivors
continued their journey to Nome, when
the ca?e was laid beTore Captain French.
The revenue cutter Manning departed to
search for the missing people and little
hope was entertained for their rt-covery.
On the following day K. Compher ar
rived at Nome with a story that throws
suspicion on Smith. Compher says he
?aw the missing people August 13. Talked
with the man of the party, who said that
Smith, after taking them as far a* Cape
Denbelgh. obliged them to land on tho
beach. They protested, but their plead
ings were of no avail. Compher would
have rescued the party but hla boat was
too small. He reported their condition to
the United States coast survey steamer
Patterson, which was anchored about six
miles we««t of the cape. One of the women
was known as Mrs. Parkinson and all
that is known of the man and wife is
that they called each other James and
Mabel. ¦
The Yukon River utoamer Honanza
King struck a rock In Thirty Mile Fliwr
August 23 while on th*> way to Dawson.
and was beaohfd Just In time to save
sinking and perhaps loss of lif<\ The Bo
nanza' King passed Lower Lebarge at
7:30 on thp morning of the wreck, going
down river at a lively gait. She had 1113
tons of freight.
The steamer City of Seattle arrived from
Skaguay «arly this morning with 177 pas
sengers and a large amount o* gold dust.
It is estimated that there was at least
lOVOOO of treasure a.board the vessel. One
consignment of $i00.oo<> was owned by the
Canadian Bank of Commerce of Dawson
and the individual holdings were unusual
ly large.
Special Dispatch to The Car
STORM MAY
SPREAD OVER
CALIFORNIA
LOS ANGELES. Sept. 12.— The weather
to-day is clear and' cool, with clouds pre
dicted for to-night and fair weather to
morrow. The weather bureau's weekly
climate and crop bulletin for the week end
ing September 8. reads as follows:
Un5ea«nnably cool weather continued, with
cloudy nights, fair days and occasional showera
the enrly rurt of the tvp«»k. In sections. The
weather* was favorable for crops, particularly
citrus fruit!«. but It was too co.il generally for
fruit drying 1 .
Walnuts and beans are being fathered, the
former being generally a good crop. Kaisln
makins; continues on a crop that is not up to
the average In yleM. but of much better qual
ity than that of last year.
Almonds have been Rathered; the crop wa»
fair und of good quality. Winter vegetable
planting has begun, cne locality having put In
a large acreage of peas.
SAX « DIEGO. Sept. 12.— The weather
conditions in this county are normal, with
warm sun in the day and cold nights.
Grnpepicklng la well advanced and raisin
curing will begin much earlier than usual.
The crop is not o.ulte up to the average,
but the quality is superior to that of the
past three years. The homy crop \s much
larger than for several years past and
the quality Is excellent. The hay crop is
below the average, but better than last
year's.
SAN JOSE. Sept. 12.— The weather still
threatens rain, but since the slight shower
last night none has fallen. In the moun
tains south and east of here it has rained
to-day. A large part of the prune crop
has riot yet been gathered, owinp to the
.xrarclty of help, and the continued damp,
cloudy weather has done considerable
damage.
STOCKTON. Sept. 12.-Raln commenced
falling here fat 11 o'clock to-night, but it
Is not heavy and probably will not do
much damage. A heavy rain at this time
would be damaging to grapes ana dry
feed. _
The big crops In San Joaquln County
this year have been confined to almonds
ami vegetables, potatoes in the latter
class doing remarkably well. The fruit
yield has not been up to the average, and
the grain yield has not been what was
hoped for — not more than a third of a
crop. The grain Is all harvested and the
greater part of it is In thp warehouses.
The hay yield has been fairly large.
FRESNO, Sept. 12.— The sky is overcast
with heavy and broken clouds, but there
was no rain at 10 p. m. Vineyardlsts have
been advised to stack raisin trays.
In Southern California.
SAX RAFAKU Sept. 12.— A light rain
fell here nearly all day. Early this morn
ing there was a steady downpour for hair
an hour. It is feared that considerable
damage has been done throughout the
county to the fruit and hay crops. The
yield of hay was heavy this season and
many ranches had no barn room for the
crop. It is believed that much hay will
be damaged in this way. The vineyards
will also suffer to some extent.
C1IICO, Sept. 12.— The llrst rain of the
season fell here to-night. Only twelve
Inches have fallen, but indications are
that more will follow. Many tons of dry-
Ing fruit Is exposed.
SACRAMENTO. Sept. 12.— It is cloudy
to-night, with strong southeast wind and
sheet lightning. No rain as yet, but It
will probably come before morning.
In Central California.
Reports from various points indicate
that the rainstorm that began in San
Francisco Tuesday may extend over the
State. Below are published reports from
the principal cities in the State, showing
the weather conditions and crop pros
pects:
In Northern California.
Little Damage May Result, However,
Unless the Rain Should Prove
to Be Heavy and IiOng-
Continued.
Reports From Interior Tell of
Rainfall and Threaten
ing Weather.
Country Swains.
Rushing Businesa in Li
censes for Lovesick
CAME TO SEE,
HEAR Si ALSO
TO BE MARRIED
There has been more to the great cele- |
bratior. just over thai: parades and par- i
I n and lights and music A glance at I
the marriage lice use lists will enow thai '
has st:rr<-J the little blind god into un- i
dUe activity and that ho lias been busy j
among tho native ton* and native d&ogh- |
ten and ttrar.gers end visitors as well.
Cupid I>aiii"oi-Ji has become unusually j
popular, but why is more than lie can teh. \
.-.ovfcsicn coupit-s have been crowding his i
nice ever gutoe the naval parade started :
fc;ituraay night, and he has paved the way s
i.r scores of marriages tuat perhaps '
vould never have cunie oft" H it bad out !
leen that the big ct- lebratlon furnished !
me occasion and there were plenty of '
twain* anu country xnaidens who were :
g.ad of the cr.arue to be married in the ;
cuy and take j.ari In the festivities a& i
well. '
Tnere are names from all over the State i
on the list a_nd some of the counties i
x.a.m«<i ajj residences for couples are far
apart, indicating thai the whole thing was !
llxed up rigtit here ana :-i!iee the holidays !
oegan. Others uio from the same county I
and Quite a number are from San Kran- ;
ciseo.
This morning's list contains the names j
of thirty-two couples, all eager to be made '
cue. and of this number sixteen are out- i
of-towx» peojiie, who wish to be married !
here. They came from the far north and '¦
ihe far south and headed for Daiiforths j
office as soon as- they arrived, as if ihero j
was not a moment to lose. Where honey- !
moons are to be spent Danforth is unable
to explain, but the licenses are all right i
ana wr.fn most of the young people left the i
office they headed for the nearest clergy- i
man to tie the knot. And in some cases j
they did not ever, have the knot tied by i
a e>rpyrr.ar.. but hur.ted up a Justice o"f '
the Peace and had him join them with all
the solemnity the Justices of the Peace
display upon their benches.
Frr.in a. marital standpoint tha celebra
tion has tx^n a glorious success and 11
cen.'-e day may yet be one of the routine
features of the County Clerk's office. It
was the girls" opportunity and they were
nnr fi\nxc to take advantage of it.
Fallow-In? are the out-of-town licenses
JssuM yesterday:
Ji !:a S. Lnvdeo Jr.. Hamburg, Sisklynu
County, anfl Mary A. Ferrisey, Hamburg, Sis-
Idyou Covinsj-.
Plinlo Ralzarl. Guadalup^. Santa Barbara
C u: ty. and Sofia Bonett:. GuaiiaJupe, Santa
Barl .ira County.
Leonard H. Malnprice. Oakland, and Ros*
Horpt. Alamedn.
mUIua M. Van Patten. "WaJla Walla, and
Roff Whifhurst. Marjs-ville.
Arthur \V. Towle. Towl*. Placer Cour.ty, and
Jenp;» C. 1'rewftt. Auburn.
William Mitchel. Petalania. and Ar.nle Cap
pdmmna, city.
BU Hryrrm. city, anfl May Carron. Fresno.
Frank \V. Weenie. Bakerefield, and Stella C.
•:, Sonoma.
K ¦:hv.r D. Hyan, Sacramento, and Ida M.
Paxtpn. Sa'-rrim<>n»r>.
unn Haltaraa Jr.. San Jose, and Minni*
Is. Sa. ramento.
p» A. Tboraton, neaifisburg, and Jennie
E. West. HakwSeia.
V. ",'.\'.nrr\ Q. Green, Val>Jo. and Err.m% F. Mc-
Coy. Val>;o.
B l -r* M. Ferruurn, Fan Francisco, and i
Am .- A. Ti!!x. HmntorA.
¦ .: X. Mills. r^kersSelfi, and Adelaide |
Vincent, £r.n i-'Yancifeo.
M "i Prechour, Yrrka. and Mary V. Monro, ¦
Bun Kmi-i-i^oo.
Tin mu H- Thmnvmun. Alajnetf*. and May- j
brjle B. W«*«ter. Spokane.
Made of the Celebration an Excuse
to Hitch Together and Re
turn to Surprise the
Polks.
EVIL SPIRITS ARE RAMPANT AT
FUNERAL OF MONG CHEE COOK
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 13, 1900.
SAN RAFAEL. Sept. 12.-Charles D.
Smith, an aged convict serving a sentence
in San Quentln. committed suicide this
morning by cutting his throat with a rusty
piece of iron that he had secreted about
{ils person. When discovered by one of
the guards the mnn was lying unconscious
en the floor of his cell.
He was removed to the hospital, but
soon died. The suicide, who was over sev
enty years of acre, has served over half
of his life In the State's Prison.
Suicide of a Convict.
A jury in Judge Hunt's court decided
yesterday that the will of the late Chris
topher Xobmann was void in that it was
executed when the deceased was under
the undue influence of his wife, Hannah
Barrett-Nobmann. Nohmann. who was a
pioneer grocer, died, leaving an estate
valued at $60,000. In his will he made his
widow devisee of the bulk of his estate,
giving his children but $500 each. John C.
and Charles Xobmann, sons, and two
married daughters filed a contest to the
will. They charged Mrs. Nobmann. who
was decedent's second wife and formerly
a domestic in the Nobmann home, with
undue Influence.
9
GRAPZ-NUTS.
ARITHMETIC AND FOOD.
School Children Must Be Better Fed. !
A yourp: R:rl in Newport. Ind.. Miss j
Ethel Thornton, says no one has a bet- i
ter right to speak of Grape-Nut? food,
than she. "I was in school, but in poor
l^cal'h, until mamma began to give me
Grape-Nuts food. I began to improve '
£t once, both mentally and physically. ,
snd I improved so in my work at school ;
that I jot ioo in arithmetic, and durinjr.
that time I gained three or four, pounds \
h weight and am still gaining.
"There :s no one has a right to recom- i
mend i'ie food more highly than I.;
Mamma neglected to supply it for abort
three weeks, and I befjan to fail in [
health again, so I commenced the' use of;
the food over, and now I don't intend t$ j
do without Grape-Nuts on the tnble."
It is -a ell for parents to know th^t {
Grape-Nuts food contains selected e!e-[
rr.ems from the grains, prepared and j
rooked :n such a way as to present j
these food elements so that they can be
quickly digested and assimilated; the I
phosphate of potash obtained from the
field gr;tir: e . and contained in Grape-
Nuts, unites with the albumen of food to
quickly rebuild the pray matter in the
nerve centers and brain.
It is of the £rcate c t importance that
Trowing children and students be priwn
fcod tbat sustains both brain and nerve 1 ;.
Bard eels bury tbem»elrea in the mud
means of their long, horny, projecting
lnwor iav.-p.
I>rops D«?ad in a I*odeine House.
Michael O'Malley dropped dead In th*
Maine lodging house last night. He had
been sick for a long time. The body was
removed to the Morsrue.
A cod weighing seven and three-quar-
ters pounds lays nearly 7,000,000 of eggs..
Thus far In 1900 England has Imported
19 per cent less foreign grain than in lSddJTHE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,, THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 13, 190O.
10
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSIN'CSS OFFICE of TT* San Prandsoo
Ctrl, corner of Market and Third Etreeta. open
cjtll U o'clock every r.lght In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 527 Montgomery street,
corner Clav: open until 9:30 p. m.
SCO HEyes Ferret: open until 9:20 p. m.
O> McAlIlFter street; open until 9:30 p. m.
CIS Lnrkin meet; open ur.tll ?:*9 p. m.
JMl SliFslcn ttreet; open until 10 p. m.
~fl Market etz-eet. corner Sixteenth; open
crV.l 9 p. m.
Id Elcvrr/h rtreet; cpen ur.tll J p. m.
jo 1 -*: Vr->r.c'a street; cpen until 9 p. rx
XTlhtrest comer Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky street*: open until 9 p. m.
MEETING NOTICES.
MTSFIOiC Chapter No. 79. R. A. M.— •
?;*<-jal raoeting THIS (THUKSpAT)
EVENING, 7:39 o'clock. Mission Tti<
Mastic Temrle. 2f.es Mission 6t. P. 'V^
M and M. B. M. deerM-s. By order cf the
II. P. JNO. It. IIILLMAN*. Pe<Tetary.
CALIFORNIA Lodpe N"o. 1. F. and A- m
M., will inert THIS (THURSDAY) *\
EVEXnCG. Sepfrr.ber 13. at ":30lSj?
o'clock. First Degree. My order of/ v^
the Master.
FRAXKLIX H. DAY. Secretary.
FIDELITY LoJge No. 150. F. and A. M. »
-6pedsJ meeting THIS (THURSDAY)
EVENING, at 7:BC o'clock. S ¦• ::<1
• X>ej:ree. Fel'oweraft Masons cordially * \r
:svlted. By r.rder of the W. M.
FKEPERICK BAKRY, Secretary.
BOTTI1 SAN l'RANCISCO Lodge No. ¦
812. F. ar.fi A. M.. meets THIS _^V_
(THURSDAY) EVENING. ct " : -3lS3f
o'clock, for Second rv»gree. By order f X»^
of the Master. E. C. HARE. Secretary.
THE San Franc'.seo Scottish Thistle v «c^ >.
Club meeXB THIS (THI*RSDAY) *A Q 3j
EVEXIXG. Fraternity Hall. S2
O'Faxrell tt., at S o'clock. t -C- )t ** |
JOHN ROSS, Royal Chief. :
GEORGE W. PATERSON, Recorder.
"STOCKHOLDERS' MEETING — Pursuant to
resolution cf the board of directors, a meet- ]
ln*r of the stockholder* of The Slme Company ]
•frill be hei<S at the principal place of buelnesa
of eaid company, viz., rooma JC-37 of the ith
floor. Mills building. San Francisco. Cai.. on
WEDNESDAY, the SlFt day of October. 19C3, I
at 1:30 o'clock p. m. The object of the meet- j
ir.gr it, to diminish the capital stock to j::.O0. j
cr 1-4 cents per ehare. and to transact euch
other buf.'.nr*s ae may ccme before the meet- !
bat ALBERT C. A1KEN, President
Dated August "3. lSKXi. ]
•THE California Debris Commission having re- j
reivpa aDDllcations to rr.'.ne by the hydraulic
rroccss from W. W. Treat and John H. !
Thcrr.as. In the Good Hope mine, r.ear ]
Ecl'pse. PluTOBS Oour.tr, to deposit tailing*
la < »nion Valley Creek; from th« Eader Gold j
illr.lrc Company, In the Bader cold mine, |
near Maca'la. Uutte County, to deposit tall- ¦
Izeb In Little Butte Creek; from the Ralston
Divide Gold Minirx Company, in the Lynch-
burs: mine, near Vlmer. Placer County, to
<>po*!t tallies In Long Canyon, and from Q.
H. Lewis et al.. la tbe Snake Gulch gravel
mine, near Valliclts, Calavcras County, to
deposit taillncs in Enake Gulch, givee notice i
that e. meeting Trtll be held »t room E9. Flood |
buliSlne. Ean FVan'-'.sco. Cal., on September
24. 1900. at JrfO p. m.
A^EN^¥~\VANTED^
f*J5 TO S£0 dally •¦aslly made by our Live Agents,
campaign waterproof necktie?; goods '.ntlrely
Dew and r&tr-strd; agr-nts delighted: fales un-
litr.'.ted; what others do you can do; write to- j
day; Ffeure exclusive territory: g-uarant»ed ;
best »fHer. AadroRB. with Ftamp. M. & M.
15ANFG. CO.. D«-pt. C. Sprinsn"!d. Mass.
AGENTS fcr Besr'.'rer's Magazine; most popu- j
lar Illustrated Catholic fairlly magazine; |1 |
e. yr.r: etl's fa^t: J!^ a ¦week ea»y: exclusive j
territory rtven. Address with refpr^-nceF. i
Bt:NZIGER BROS., S6 Barclay St.. New York. :
WANTED— Traveling ralesrr.an to p»ll oil stocks
on salary and commission; pa!ary J<0 p^r j
mor.th: we pay expanses. Addnesa Box SS43. i
Call office. j
AGENT? — Po you vrant Bornfthin^ more profit- j
aVle eb<S <»er!T t« »ll than books or lruur-
ar.-y? Add. F. PERSON, r. 412. Parrott b\Ag. ¦
AGENTS »e:i cur aluminum card cases and ,
rarie : circulars and ramples free. Bunker ;
Priniir.ir Co.. Dcpt. Cl. Kansaa City. Mo.
HOLTCITOHS wanted: ladlea. (rentlemen: fe- '
male reg-ulator. S50 Phelan building. S. F. ;
ACENT? rt ability anfl experience In life lnsrur- i
ance. Gall Bt roora 101. ?S7 Market, cor. Eixth. j
V.'E handle rpTr«-st mv»H1»s for ejrents. PA- I
CTFIC AGENTS' PfPPLY CO.. 84C1 ISth st |
ASPliALTUM ROOFING.
jTTeLTIER, arphalt rocf.r.-. rldMrnlks; cellar |
*on-<. lr-.id. r^r>air»<i: postal. US? Minion art
ASTROLOGY.
tOCE. HICKET, artrolorlet; card reading and J
pa!TT.i«try. iSo: horoscopes raft. 1S53 Mission.
A.TTOUXEVS AT LAW. "
APVICE free; divorce law a epeclalty; private; !
r.o fee without euccese: collections. G. W. ]
IIOV.'E. atty at law. too Market, cor. Stockton. t
R. IT. KING, attorney. S27 Market at., room CrT; ¦
general practice; moderate fees; consult free. (
FREE advice; divorce lawa, damages, estate*. !
co!!e~tlons. J. A. Mitchell. 134 Montgomery, j
ADVICE tit*, no chsrg* unless successful. V?. I
V.'. DAVIDSON, w; Market et. opp. Maaoa j
L. S. CLAR.K. E-r.rca Epreckelg bldg.. S2T Mar- K
ket Ft.: consultation free; no feea In advance, j
CUSTEK. HERMAN J., attorney, S27 Market '
St.. r. 625" rpen eve.. 7-9: consultation free, j
?*Z U CABINETS.
•ROBIXEON t*. 4-ranel folding; door opens; flnn
er.a raf»?, W. P. BROWN, gen, airt. «*» El!-.*.
BUSINESS CHANCES. .
A— (400; In wholesale district; I
close to water front; a tood paying business '
e.nd rare buslnesa cter.oc. C&ll R, G. tVILKE, j
1V-, Kesu-ry Et
A. — 51*00; CORNER grocery and bar; choicest !
location In the Mission; rent $25; 4 living
rooms; place estab. yeara: aa owner, a widow,
war.ts to retire. Call K. O. WILKE. 26£
Kearxy et.
Jl— $2500; SALOON wltfc building of T rooms; i
less grounl 1-Miee; close to Union Iron Works; j
place estab. 18 years aa4 doing a flrat-clasa j
paing business. Call R. G. WILKE. 2CH '
Kearny et. j
A— «5*75; GROCil'KY and bar, with three living I
rooms; rent S20; thickly settled neighborhood, ¦
south of Market Bt Call R. G. WILKE, 2S',i •
Kftrti) 1 et.
A. — CORNER c!?ar store on Kearny at. ; clear- i
lr.g above r;no per month. Call R. O. WILKE, ¦
Itf'ri KfATTiy tt.
A— 5500; CORNER saloon on Polk at.; long)
leaw; cheap rent: first -cla<?6 paying business; i
death cf owner cause of EEJe. See R. G.
WILK.E, tS£ Kearny Bt. I
A— tiOO: SALOON; close to new Hall of Jurtloe; !
rent *3C; dally re^lpts Jl£; a snap. Call K. !
G. WILKE, 2SVi Kearny at.
A— tlOOO- PARTNER wanted In porter, stout j
and Weiss bepr brewery; Investigate: a rare
chance. Call R. O. WILKE. 26V» Keamy et. j
A— IT500; STATIONERY, notions and icecream !
par! on*, connected with general agency of all I
S. P. papers; also general agency of 2 Eteam [
leundriee; no cprKwltion In either line; rer.t j
S2S; In lively business town across the bay. ;
Particulars It. G. WILKE. 26fr Kearny et. ',
Jl— KRZSO & DUTTON. Zt Geary at. "
Hotels. Ealoone. grocerlee. rertaur&nta, branch
bakeries. <-;gar stands and other businesses
too numerous to mention; partnerships In- '
vcrtir.ents from J100 up to tCO.OOfl. For a list
_ cell en KRUrO & DUTTON. C« Geary st
"ft'E have larsref>t lift of saloons, hotels, gro-
ceries, cirrar stores, delicatessen?, etc., in th«
city; before buylr.g call SOHWHINHAKD &
CO.. 557 Market st., between Fifth and Sixth; !
telephone Mint list.
A— SAT. FISHHR * CO.. have you lodging-
hout.es? y*E. v.hat price? $300 up, any loca- |
tion desired; 12 rooma, J3*x); io rooms. $<r,0: 10 I
rooms. n*w. "TOO, fine: 23 rooms, bargain. $750: j
27 rooms. 12000, snap; all aizes. all prices a'.l !
new harcainn; ct.ll and see ua. 3032 Market, j
BAKERY, confectionery, coffee end icecream 1
I-arlor; rare chance for a "baker or confection- I
-r; for pale OB account of fcickness. Inquire 1
Janitor Jtenu-her, £-7 Clementina; no agents. 1
\VA:CTni>— A iady partner to go In restaurant !
huslm-ss. with ?K0 end to tend cash Box
•JSSS. Call office.
BAKHERS— 4-chsJr fhop ar.d baths; fine 'aoa- j
.tion: murt MS inmed'atc-Iy: no reasonable I
offer refused. Address box 2215, Call oificel |
FOR cale cheap: takery baiting r=i barrels"; '
bvrsc and wason; Rood reason. Box S323, Call! |
\\*ANTi:i>— I'aruier in fruit rtore. Call at OS ¦
Bi-rh t-t.. room IS, at 7 p. m.
FOIi m!o— 30 OuhUted room?; all rr>ntPd; rent i
922 r,0; price only JK.0. Apply 106 Second t-t. j
.'.:¦¦¦; shop for salf chocp;- good location; lota j
ol work. If you moan busln'^Fs «~all at refl- !
dcrcce, 2 Cod man plare, oflt IOCS Washington. ¦
F^'Il eale — <:a account of mtirinic from busl- i
fncEy. a Pf-cond-liand clothing Btor«»: nn old- !
?•Etablii'hf-d F^and. 6C7 Jackson, nr. MontRorn'y. j
SACRIFICE: halrJresrlruj and manicuring par- !
loir; nx)? location, llox 3324, Call office.
V.'ANT"1> — A fmall exoo<»ry^ an3 bar: state
prlc« and rent; no ogr-nts. Uox 4315. Call.
fXS-TXl&STAC&AXT for sale; a bargain. Ap-
v\y l~;x i'M2, Call office.
EALOOX on Th!M Bt., near Market. Partlcu-*
l.irs U. S. Brt-v.-ery. 215 Fulton et.
$2000— PARTNER •- wanted In old-established
business: must have a knowledge of nard-
»ue. Addrtsa box t«2. Call office. - — t
IICSIXESS CHAXCES — CONTINUED.
$700— CORNER grocery and bar: bargain: sick-
ness cause of. eale. MCLAUGHLIN & CO.,
777'£ Market et
$150— PARTNER wanted; Indoor business; will
pay J65 to $75 per month to each yearly. Mc-
LAUGHLIN & CO.. 777Vi Market Bt.
WANT to buy a good paying buslnesa. Call
cr address 140 Fifth et.
FOR rale— Shoe store; small stock. 1118 Rail-
road ave.. Bay nation, Alameda.
FIRST-CLASS saloon and beer agency for sale
in a flourishing coast city; low rent and long
leate; requires about JiOOO; principals only
need apply; reasons for selling, sickness.
Wunder Brewing Co.. S. F.
J2jC0— COAL and feed yard and express busi-
ness; 4 horses and 5 wagons; good building;
living-rooms; long lease: excellent chance;
rood location. rS25 Sixteenth St.
WELL established grocery and bar; splendid
cash business; 4 living rooms; rent $20; thick-
ly s^ttlM, quiet neighborhood; reason for sell-
ing, Eirkness. 219H Eleventh at.
MILK ranch for sale; In city llmta; every-
thing complete. Box 4909, Call office.
TWO No. 1 patent rights (novelties) for Bale by
patentee. Room 15. 308 Sutter st
COUNTRY merchants trading with Indians can
find a market for Indian baskets by address-
ing the Mexican and Indian Curio Co.. 615
Seventeenth at, Denver. Colo.
TO rent — For coal yard, milk depot, etc.: fine
location; place Is entirely covered: contains 3
• tails" : rent only $15; water free. Inquire WM.
HENDRICKSON & CO., 614 Call building.
ESTABLISHED bakery & restaurant; will sell
reasonable; account sickness. 714 Vaienela-
$400— CORNER grocery and bar, with 4 living
rooms. 1111 Howard st, corner Lengton.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL & CO.. 412 Sacramento st.
IiODGI.NG-UOl'SES FOR SALE.
M-ROOMED house, north of Market; bargain.
24-roomed house: rent $75; $1500.
44-roomed apartment house.
22-roomed house: good location.
20-roomed bouse on Golden Gate ave.
EMERT & SMITH. 8 Eddy at., room L
A— 22-ROOM rooming-house; oentral $1000
11-room house: S8<X> down, balance easy.. BOO
20-room house: first-class 1060
11-rocm house;, $475; 6-room flat S2o
FISHER & CO., 1033 Market at
HAVE a gnr>d randi at Napa to exchange for
a loflclne-house. Address Ranch, box 1980.
Call ollice.
OVER 200 houses for sale; price, location, alze
and terms to suit you: call for list. M. GRIF-
FIN. 719 Market Bt.. room 1. by "Call" bldg.
FOURTEEN we-ll-fumlshed rooms; good tran-
fleTit; no agentg. 856 Howard Bt.
CARRIAGES AND WAGONS.
ALL kinds of wagons, bilggles, carts, harnesa,
etc., cheap. EGAN & EON. 2117 Mission st
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single, also light
camping wagon, for Bale cheap. &32 Mission.
NEW & 2d-hajid wagons, buggies, farts & har-
ness, work & driving horses. 15th & Valencia.
CAMPAIGN" PHOTO BUTTONS.
MPT of all kinds of photo buttons and Jewelry:
wholesale and retail; send for catalogue.
Klniatur" Portrait Co.. 933 Market St.. S. F.
CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN* j-cu become disgusted with poor work
eend to FPAULniNG'S Pioneer Carpet-Beat-
ing Works, 3.'.3-357 Tehama Bt.; tel. South 40.
J. MCQUEEN'S California Carpet meaning Co.,
4LZ frtevenron Ft.; tel. South 2rS: lowest rates.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-Beating and Reno-
vating Co.. 240 Fourteenth st. ; tel. Mission 74.
CITY Kteam Carpet-Be.atlrg Works. O. H.
PTEVENS. vnTT.. 2S-iO Kh St.; *el. South 259.
CARPETS cleaned at Sc'per yard, laid at 4c.
BTRATTON-S. 3 Eighth st.; tel. Jessie 944.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter it;
tel. Main 3W. GEO. WALCOM, proprietor.
COXKLIX'8 Carpet-Beating- Works, S33 Golden
Gate ave.; te'er^cne East 126.
CHIROPODISTS.
BUNIONS, Ingrown nails, corns, absolute cure.
palnlesa; eoneult'n free. Dr.Duncan.415 Butter.
SPIRITUALISM.
ARRIVED — Mrs E>r. Faraham, world-renowned
spiritual medium; advice In all affairs of life,
lawsuits, divorces, deaths; unites the sepa-
rated; mining aspecialty; clrs. Pun. .Wed.. Frl.
eve's; come and be convinced. (Permanently)
51S Eddy et., bet. Hyde and Larkin^no sign.
MME. YOUNG'S convincing test circle to-
night. €05 McAlliBter; 10c; sittings dally.
SPIRITUAL meeting to-nltrht: convincing test
{p.m. Mrs. Maxwell. 128S Howard: read. dly.
MATCHETT holds circle to-night. 8 o'clock;
10c; test all. 1S2 Fourth; ulttings dally, BOc
MME. MAJORS, rifted spiritual medium,
healer and card reader. 1S2 Klxth St.. room 1.
MRS. LESTER— Circle Sun., Tues.. Frl. eves.,
lCfc; readings daily; L. 25c, Q. 60c. 127 Turk.
WATSON, famous palmist, medium; special
this week: full reading. 23c &. 50c. 1181 Market.
MRS. 6EAL. medium, cures the tobacco habit;
HJe readings and treatments daily. 825 Ellis.
WTLLIE. photo medium. 330 Ellis at; last
week: come early: op<»n Sunday.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, clairvoyant, test, busl-
ness medium, life reaier; Fittings 11. 1104 Mkt.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 325 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
Meyer, elt. daily; convlne'g tests to-night lOo.
A WEEK'S news for S cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pnpes. in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MME. LANGE, the great clairvoyant, tells past,
future; never falls; haa the greatest Egyptian
secret; shows picture future husband or wife:
fee 25c and up: satisfaction to every body: optn
Sundays. 1167 Market et... bet. 7th and 8th.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, bcrn with double veil &. second sight
diagnoses disease with life reading: ladies I0o:
cents fl: palm. & clair, eit $1 10. 128 Turk et.
ISMAR. the Egyptian gypey clairvoyant and
palmist, pernianently located 1148 Market,opp.
Cth; private readings daily 10 a. m. to 5 p. m.
MME. BERNARD reads life fluently;" advice
given In all affairs in life; satisfaction guar-
anteed- 2f,c up. 17 Third 6t, next Examiner.
MME. ZJCREDA, the gypsy. Is the great palm-
ist ar.d card reader: 25c. 7 Seventh; no sign.
1IR3.MELVTLLE, well-known clairvoyant, water
reader, moved to 11 Eixth; German epoken.
CLAIRVOYANT, test buslnesa medium, card
reader. 25c up. S23 Mission at..nr.4th; no algn.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry; truth or no pay; 25c. 1149 Mission.
MME. SCHAFFER. clairvoyant, card reader
Flttlncs daily. 212^4 Sixth St.
MME. RAVENNA reeds lift fluently; buslnesa
advice; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
MME SYBILLE— Cradle tc erave; future hus-
band'B picture. 2Jc; ladles. 914 O'Farrell st.
COJ[^I3CTIOX^OFFICRS.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency — No charge un-
less successful. Room 310. P27 Market at
DENTISTS.
AT tbe ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC, S99 Mar-
ket at, cor. 4th, rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
$3 M up; plates, extractions free. Si 50 up; of-
fice hours. 9 a, m. to 10 p. m. : Sundays, 9 to 3
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON, M. D., Manager.
A— DR. V. CAVALSKY haa returned from
the Paris Expedition with come of the finest
patents for painless dentistry, plates, teeth
without a plate, crown and bridge work: ail
work warranted; plates, full set. $5; fillings.
We; crown, $3 SO. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 €th.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
and fllllngK; extra rtlons or fillings by my won-
derful secret, painless method; 20 years' ex-
perience; no student*; advice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed: lady attendants.
DR. GEOP.GE W. LEEK. 20 O^Farrell st
CROWN and bridge work experts: our work 1*
unexcelled end our prices are the lowest; call
and see our samples and Ret our prices before
going elsewhere; best of references: examina-
tion free. DRS. PERKINS & DOVEY. 1019
Market «t, bet. Sixth and Seventh; elevator.
TEETH extracted free; plates. $5; crowns, $3 60;
brldgework. J": all the latest methods for
painless dentistry; hours. 9 a. m. to 9 p. m.
McK>rn Dental Parlors. 12CC Market, cor. G. G.
£>H. LU DLUM HILL. 1443 Market nr. Eleventh
—No charse fur extracting when plates are
maiif — old plates made over like new; teeth
frum $; per set; extracting, COc; gas given.
DR. ALKEP.T HILL. K0 Market, cor. Stockton,
for a perfe-ct set of teeth and teeth without
g plates; lowest prices for th« best work.
LOWEST rrices In S. F.; painless extraction.
60c. New York Dentist?. S69 Mlsslcn. cor. 6th.
TAKIS Dental Parlor, 233 Kearny, cor. Bu»h—
Full get of teeth, $4; crowns. $3; fillings, I3c.
VAN VROOM-"Painless": evenings and Sun-
days. 1001 Market^ st. corner Sixth.
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. O.
VOUNO. 1S<1 Polk Ft.
DOG HOSPITALS.
DR. BUZAKD'B Dog Hos^ltairTPostTFTlTmore^
Advice and medicine, 75c; city visits, $1 50; all
animals treated; doga boarded. Tel. West 636.
DR. Creely's C. P. mange cure and worm 'pills
by CrugglBU or at hoepitaL C10 Golden Gate av.
DRESSMAKERS A\D SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking and Millinery
School; patterns cut to order. 1019 Market at.
S. F. Dressmaking, Ladlea* Tailoring and Mil-
linery School; French system. 411 Van Ness.
ACCORDION pleating factory; all kinds pleat-
ing, pinking. 121 Post over O'Connor&Moffatt.
EHH£ A J!^AIi:^
AYRES' Business College, 723 Market at.; life
scholarship, $50; Includes shorthand, typing,
bookkeeping, telegraphy; day and evening;
just added, new business practice offices and
20 new typewriters; catalogue free.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post St., 8. F.—
Practical courses In bookkeeping, shorthand,
typing, languages, telegraphy, English
branches, civil, electrical and mining engi-
r.eerlng. etc.; new SO-page catalogue free.
GALLAGHER-MARSH College. Parrott Bldg.—
Shorthand, typing and bookkeeping; Robert F.
Gallagher, expert court reporter, teacher of
shorthand; reportorlal phrasing taught; prac-
tlcal bookkeeping; full course. $50; catalogue.
A NIGHT School for Men at the Y. M. C. A.
building. Mason and Ellis sts.; registration,
6ept. 10-24; studies elementary and advanced;
great opportunity for young men to gain a
practical business education.
A — THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
•chool for the university, law and medical
colleges; references, President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
BOOKKEEPING, free trial: private lessons: 8
moE. In college not equal to 8 ¦wks. ¦with me;
$25. TARR, expert, accnt., 419 Parrott bldg.
ENGINEERING, civil, elec, mining, mech. sur-
vey, apsay. cyanide, arch. : day. eve. : eat. 1E84.
VAN PER NAILLEN SCHOOL. 933 Market.
CALIFORNIA Business College is again en-
larging quarters. Come see us, S06 Larkln st
MUNSON School Shorthand. Typing, Bookkeep-
ing. Spanish. 137 Mont'y. E. M. Carpenter, pr.
PIANO and German; pupil of Conservatory In
Leipslc; lessons 75c. 320 Golden Gate ave.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc. day or eve.: S5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
LE JEUNE Art and Craft School; modeling,
designing, carving, all branches. 424 Pine st.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
A — JAPANESE and Chinese employment con-
tractor; estab. over 10 years; all kinds help.
421 Post at., near Powell: telephone Bush 135.
JAPANESE Housedeaning Co.— Walters, cooks,
dishwashers. E.«t. 1S90. 1026 Oak; tel. Page5<7.
UNION Japanese-Chinese emp. office— B»st help
furn.; domestic serv. 417 Powell; tel. Bush 376.
ORPHEUM employment Office — Japanese. Chi-
neee help. 426 Powell.nr.Sutter; tel. Black 5072.
JAPANESE and Chinese Employment Office;
best help fnrn. ; tel. John 2121. 806% Stockton.
CHINESE end Japanese Employment Office—
Best help. 411H O'Farrell St.: tel. East 420.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — FEMALE.
A MIDDLE-AGED woman wishes position as
housekeeper or light housework and sewing.
Please call at 175 Lexington ave.
MILLINER designer, late with Caswell, Poat
et, goca out by day; reasonable; references.
Address JOSEPHINE, box 8346, Call office.
WOMAN student wants work; half-day only:
business, lovely cook, seamstress or manager.
Address box S336 Call office.
! A SWEDISH woman wanta chamber work; city
or country: call for one week. B. C, Bt.
Geonre Hotel. E12 Kearny St., room 24.
MIDDLE-AGED German woman wishes situa-
tion for light housework. Ladles may call
on Mrs. E. H.. 1020 Howard St., near Sixth.
WANTED — Washing, Ironing or house-cleaning
by the day. Lydla R. Todd, 236 Clinton Park.
GENERAL housework by a respectable woman;
city or country. Call at 214 Fifth st
i SITUATION wanted to do general housework.
Call SS5 Valencia Bt., bet. 19th and 20th.
MIDDLE-AGED woman would like to do
kitchen work. 1731 Market at
ELDERLY Protestant woman wishes a place
as working housekeeper; good cook and
baker; city or country. Address 986 Howard
at., near Sixth.
FIRST-CLASS French and German cook de-
sires situation In good private family. 1522
Polk St.. room 17.
STRONG young woman wants work by the
day. Address MRS. M. 8.. S3V4 Gilbert Bt
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket: 200 rooms: 25c to $1 E0 nlcht. $1 50 to $6
week; convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
! CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
j received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for CaJl advertisements and
eubf-crlpttoTin haa been established at 1076 Va-
lencia at
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — OIALE.
RELIABLE young man deslrea position aa
bookkeeper or clerk, or In a bank, where he
can advance; good reference*. Address box
3340, Call office.
MTDDLE-AGED Scandinavian coachman wants
position In private place; can milk and will-
in?; 4 years In last place; reference. E37 Sac-
ramento Et., room ES. .
SITUATION wanted aa room clerk, watchman
or most anything; good city references. Ad-
dress box S345. Call office.
SURVEYOR would like position either as sur-
veyor or nsslatant; can give good referencea.
Address box S344, Call office.
I ENGINEER wishes situation ; la a practical
| machinist. Box 8347, Call office.
I JAPANESE, honest boy. wants a position as
j school boy in the city. Address box 3337, Call.
JAPANE-PE boy wanta situation as a school
boy; good oook. O. YOSHIPA. 1329 Pine st.
MAN and wife want situations; Rood oook and
baker: wife aa helper, chambermaid or wait-
ress; hotel, boarding house or Institution;
city or country: wages moderate. Address
A. R-. G38 Jessie St.. off Seventh.
POSITION wanted by middle-aged German as
gardener for private place; Is handy, sober
and Industrious; Christian place preferred;
either city or country. Box S326. Call office.
CARPENTER, good, all round man, wants
work; city or country; active and strong; ca-
pable of any kind of work; haa had charge
of Jobs. Box 4916. Call office.
I STEADY reliable man wants position as
blacksmith or machinist helper in factory or
power house; 10 years In same place. Box
T323. Call Ofdce.
COACHMAN wants position on private country
place: understands care of horses, lawn and
general work; good reference. Box 3330, Call.
WANTED — A position by a barber of i years'
experience; from tbe East. GEO. ASHEN-
DEN, general delivery, city.
JAPANESE young man and wife wants place-;
man to do cooking and wife to wait at
table. Box 4&08. Call Office.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore Bt
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia at
EXPERT OPTICIASS.
EYES examined free; spectacles properly ad-
Justed. N. Manas**, oculist ontlolan. 910 Mkt.
FINANCIAL.
IF you have irtocks or bonds of any kind for
sale, call or address PACIFIC COAST VH-
DEUWRITTNG CO.. 504 Parrott huildlng.
FLATS TO LET.
COT^A"G~ETo~leT^2T2rMaTkeT8t.," bet Sixteenth
and Seventeenth; rent $22; 6 rooms and bath.
IF you want to move get printed list flats to let
from BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Montgomery.
LINDEN ave.. C21— Flat of 3 rooms; eunny
yard; water free; $7; key C24 Fell st.
$20— HANDSOME flat; flrst-claES condition;
warm belt; choice location; beautiful view.
Ill Liberty Bt. •
$30 — ELEGANT 7-room flat; modern improve-
ments. 2410 Sacramento St., near Webster.
$30— ELEGANT 7-room flat; modern improve-
ments. 2410 Sacramento st, near Webster.
S BOWIE ave.— Flat of 3 rooms: cheap rent.
FLATS WANTED. ' ; 1
WANTED— Well-furnished flat or cottage in
Western Addition, convenient to .city, .for
family of two: rent about $50. Box 8343. Call.
_JFl7nMTt7UE FOR SALE.
FOR SALE— New carpets and furniture of~a~T-
room flat at 24GG Seventeenth st. near Guer-
rero; call between 10 and 1 o'clock; no dealers.
4 ROOMS furnished in oak for $48 50, with No 7
rr.r.g". King Furnitur* Co.. 1127-mi Mnrkwt.
FURNITURE WAJiTED.
CHAB. LEVY buys your furniture, carpeta
pianos, etc. 1135 Market at; tel. Jessio 781.
ALWAYS 'phone John 1041 before selling your
furniture. Standard Furn. Co.. .745 Mission.
Auctioneer— L. Vincent 1305 Larkln; tel.Polk694;
furniture & furn'd houses bought; spot cash.
$5000 worth of furniture. . carpets, etc.. wanted.
M. Bllversteln, ' 1121 Market; tel. Folsom 1105.
ALFRED WOLLPERT, 773 Mission St., pays
highest price for your second-hand furniture.
W. E.CODY <late with J. T. Terry & Co.) t»uy s
. furniture, carpeta. 757 Mission; teL Red 3351.
% '¦- ¦¦ . HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
C R. HANSEN & CO Phone Grant 185
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Waitresses for 24 best commercial hotels, $20
and $25, many of them free fare; 4 waitresses,
city. $20; 5 chambermaids to wait dinner,
very best hotels, city, $20; 8 chambermaids,
120 and $15; woman cook, $30; pantry girl.
$25; 2 fancy ironers, $30 and $36
FAMILY DEPARTMENT ..........
Cook to go to Santa Cruz, $25. fare here;
second girl for Menlo Park, $25 and fare;
second girl, good seamstress, $20. city; cook
and second $45, O r mother and daughter; 50
housegirls, city and country, $10, $25. C. B,
HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st
SCANDINAVIAN girl for housework and plain
cooking, must wash and Iron for small
American family, city, $25. see party here.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
WANTED— 4 waitresaes and one chambermaid
for aame country hotel, $20, fare paid; cook,
hotel. $40; 8 cooks, no wash, $30 and $35; 2
nurses, $25; 6 second girls, $20 and $25; 3
laundresses, family work, $30; pantry girl.
$25; 3 parlor maids and waitresses, $25, coun-
;.try; 8 second girls and nurse, $2a; uerman
nurse and seamstress. $25; 12 waitresses. $20,
city; 8 restaurant waitresses, $7 and $8 a
week; 2 kitchen helpers, $20: woman with a
child. $20; ISO house girls, $20, $25, city and
country. J. F. CROSETT, 316 Sutter st
WAITRESS, Red Bluff. $20. see proprietor here
at 3 a. m. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter at.
SEAMSTRESS, Institution, $20; 4 second girls,
city, $20 each; second girl, San Mateo, $20;
Becond girl, city, $25: German seamstress.
same place. $25. MISS CULLEN. 32o Sutter.
NURSE. '2 children, $20. MISS CULLEN. 825
Sutter Et. __________
Piano player •*ind vocafist for Arizona, $150
a month for 5 hours every evening; fare paid.
W. D. EWER & CO., 610 Clay st
WANTED— German or Swedish girl to do plain
cooking- for about 8 people in the country.
Call bet. 12 and 2 o'clock to-day. DR. HAP-
PERSBERGER. 41 Third gt.
WANTED-Operatore on ladles' wool walsta
and children's wear; electric power; good pay.
MARKS BROS.. 1212 Market at.
A LADY of Indomitable energy possessed of
eelf -assertion; good opportunity to right party.
F. PERSON, room 412 Parrott building.
WANTED— Girl for general housework; pay $25.
Apply after 10 o'clock. 1414 Post St., between
Gou~h and Octavla. _^_______________
NEAT, thoroughly reliable young girl, German
preferred, for general housework In small
family; references; $18. 861 Fulton at.
GIRL to assist In housework; family of two-
German or Swedish preferred; $10 to $12. Call
4115 Twentieth at., between 9 and 12 a. m.
WANTED- Girl who can cook to assist in
housework. Calf between 1 and 3 p. m., 723
Devi sad ero St.; wages $15.
WANTED--A girl for general housework and
cooking; four In family; no washing. 1608
Bcott at., near Sutter. •__
RELIABLE girl for general housework In fam-
ily of two; wages $15; city references. Call
between 1 and i p. m. at 638 Halght at.
WANTED— Girl to do general houeawork;
wages $20. Call at 1521 Masonic ave.. above
Frederick at ;-,,. -
WANTED— iAdy pianist for mining camp. Call
for 3 days, 2 to 4 o'clock, Windsor Hotel.
room 11. /
A— YOUNG girt wanted for plain working.
Call at 857 Bush at^
OPERATOPS on ladles' underwear to take
work home. 723 Market St.. room 35.
OPERATORS and finishers on custom coats;
steady work. 40 Ellis at, room 62.
OPERATORS on waists and wrappers. NEW-
BAUER BROS.. 18 First at
OPERATORS on eblxt walats. E. STEIN^
HART, 230 Sutter Bt
OPERATOR and 3 finishers on pants; Bteady
work. S*8 Howard st.. bet 4th and 6th.
EXPERIENCED oi>erators on children's coats
to work in factory. 723 Market at. room 85.
EXPERIENCED trimmer and apprentices In
millinery store at 692 McAllister at.
GIRL for general housework; rood wages; Ger-
man or Swedish. 907 Devieadero at.
GIRL for general housework; small family.
ltTi2 Scott Bt.
WANTED— Experienced waiter glrla. 1007 Mar-
ket at.
EXPERIENCED waltrtea wanted at Eureka
Home Bakery, 428 Qeary at.
WASTED- Girls tor shelling walnu—. 123
Clay Et., upstairs, between 8 and 10.
NEAT, reliable girl for light houaework; tmall
. family. Apply 9 to 12. 1020 Ellla at.
WANTED — An experienced millinery saleslady;
permanent position. 1323 Stockton st.
APPRENTICE on coats; paid while learning.
II. D.WIS, 119 Rubs st.
WANTED— Woman for light housework. Ap-
ply at 778 Clayton at
A GOOD dressmaker* also apprentices 4» Har-
rlet at.
GIRL to assist In general housework. Can 8
a. in., 743 MoAllieter st. ; delicatessen store.
WANTED— An olderly lady; small wages; good
home. Apply at 533 Howard at
COMPETENT girl to do general housework.
Call 2006 Bush at., before 11 a. m.
TOUNG girt to assist in light housework, 1329
Sutter st
WANTED— Girl to wait at table; good refer-
ences. 203 Perry at.
APPRENTICE wanted on custom coats. 222
Kearny at
NEAT girl for general housework and oook-
tng; wages $20 to $25. Call 1231 Guerrero at
WANTED— A good cook, to do downstalre work.
1601 Poat at
TAILORESS on customs coats and make but-
tonholes. 140 Rubs at
NEAT girl to assist In bakery and restaurant
32 Sixth at.
WANTED— Girl for light housework; good
home. 1749 Sutter at
WAITRESS wanted at 207 Third rt.
GOOD second trimmer, $18 per week; first-class
maker. DINAN. 24 Kearny Bt.
WANTED— Experienced nurseglrt* references
required. 1733 Poet at
GIRL for light housework and plain cooking.
312 Sanchez et, near btxteenth.
RESTAURANT waitress wanted; good wages.
631 Clay at.
FIRST-CLASS buttonhole maker and finisher
on vesta. Call 919^4 Howard st.
WANTED— First-class pants finisher: $1J week,
628 Montgomery at, room 38; top floor.
WANTED— A good finisher on pants; ateady
work. 410 Kearny st. room 32, third floor.
EXPERIENCED apprenticed tailoresa wanted
at 131 Montgomery at; entrance room 5.
A GIRL wanted for cooking and light house-
work. Apply 910 Devlaadero at., lower flat
GIP.L for general housework; four adults. . 925
Fell st, lower fiat.^
WANTED— Experienced lroner on ladles'
clothes; steady work. 10 Oak at
GIRL, 16 or 17. to assist with light housework
and cooking. Apply 300 Hayea st ¦
WANTED— Women and girls to work on toma-
toes, canning and preparing;/ highest wages
paid: steady work; prizes for quick work.
Apply Immediately to U. S. FRUIT PACK-
ING CO.. Harrison ave., between Seventh and
Eighth Ets., off Folsom.
APPRENTICES on overalls. STANDARD
SHIRT FACTORY, cor. Gough and Grove sto.
GIRLS to rivet overalls, also sewing machine
operators, at Levl Strauss & Co.'s factory,
S2'/4 Fremont Bt. ; no experience necessary;
good wages. Apply to MR.. DAVIS. .
WANTED— Danish or Scandinavian girl for
general housework; small family; across the
bay; $25. Call at 2108 Broadway, city. .
TOUNO girl to take care of 2 children and do
light housework; $S; can aleep home If pre-
ferred. 4 Twelfth st
NEAT girl for light housework and assist with
child; wages $10. 1827 Bush st. ''
25 EXPERIENCED operators on ladies' waists.
S. F. MAN'FG CO., 409A Turk st.
GOOD reliable girl to assist In housework.
4034 Seventeenth st. • _^ _^
WANTED— An assistant sleevemaker. 1037
Post st. '
GIRLS to fold paper boxes; one to run gluing
machine. 16 Fremont at.
GIRL for general housework; S In family;
' wages $15. 1826A Sutter st. _^
GIRLS with experience. Book bindery, 536
Clay st ¦ ' '
WANTED— Par.ts finishers. Call ready to work.
346 Sixth st. .
Y*"ANTED— A girl for general housework and
also a nursoglrl. 2912 Clay st. v .
GIRL wanted for light housework. 1044 Ellis
street.
WAITRESSES— Reliable girls for dining-room.
Apply 448 Third st ¦
GIRL,. 16 to 18. to look after 8-year-old child.
ll7ABarUett at. :
HELP WANTED- FEMALE.
WANTED-Toung girl to assist with, light
housework and care of children; sleep borne.
309 Twelfth at -
Al FINISHER on rulta at M. SIMINOITF'S, 1223
Market at.
WANTED — Women and girls to work on fruit
1731 Folsom Bt., between Uth and 14th.
A BRANCH office for Call advertlaementa and
subscriptions has been established at 109«
Valencia at. »
; HELP WANTED — MALE.
A-MURRAY & READT.rTTT^.^h^nT'Mainliii
...Leading Employment and Labor Agenta...
WANT 7 A.M. TO-DAT
WE SHIP FREE WE SHIP FREE
To all parts of California, Nevada, Utah and
other States and Territories
Los Angeles ..Santa Barbara District
Dunsmulr Redding Shasta
Fresno Tnickee Districts
Reno, Nev Salt Lake City
Surf San Luis Bakersfleld
Soda Springs and 63 otier points, laborer*,
teamsters, tunnelmen. ero.. $3, *2 SO, $2. Jl 75
day Free fart-
Only $1 fee $1 fee only
MURRAT & READT,
.634-638 Clay st
A— 46 LABORERS.. TO.. HELP CARPENTERS
Anybody will suit, $30, $35. 140 and found
Come Bee MURRAT & READT, 634-636 Clay.
A— 10 CARPENTERS' helpers free fare
6 lumber pliers, North J60 fare paid
2 laborers for Government work.. $36 and fd
60 laborers, Humboldt County, $60; 264 labor-
ers and teamsters for all parts of California,
some In San Francisco, also in factories, $2 DO,
$2, $175 day; 25 scraper teamsters, north
i $40 ned found
Loggers, crosscut sawyers, $45 and found;
Swampers; 16 drillers, city Job; 12 hammer
men; brlckBetters, wheelers; edprerman, J3
day; 160 men to build a flume; hammer and
hatchet men, $40 and found; 5 men to coal
cart. $2 day; SO men to pile lumber $60
TO MINES
25 men as laborers for xcir.es — $34 and found
26 miners, single hand work, $75, $50; 138 farm
hands, steady jobs. $35. $30. $28 and found;
26 milkers, butter makers. $30 and found; 16
etablemen. city and country. $40. $30, $25 and
found; S farmers and wives; married furnace
man; 16 choremen and boys
$25. $20. $15, $10 and found
10 vaqUeros to break colts to saddle. $45 and
found, steady, good Job; 16 teamBters, road
work $32 50 and found
6 men to run Ingeraoll drills
For all othor Jobs come and see
MURRAT & RDADT,
634-636 Clay at
A— MECHANICAL HELP
Carpenters with or without tools for the mines
$90 to $105
Engineer and machinist vinayard company.
aeo boss here
Tank cooper 15 carpentera
8 painters, house work, $2 60 to $3 day, fare
70c; painter's helper; 12 blacksmiths ( and
horseshoers; also helpers; sash and door
maker, $3 day
MUIffiAT & READY,
:.. 634-638 Clay at
A— 1E0 laborera, no «xperlence necessary, for the
sawmills and woods, fare paid; 160 men and
boys to pick all kinds of fruits and grapes,
work In packing and drying houses. $30 and
found. MURRAT & READT, 634-636 Clay at.
A-HOTEL BAKERT BUTCHER....
LAUNDRY DEPARTMENT
Steward, country hotel, aee bosa here, $50
and found
28 cooks $50, $60, $40, $30 and found
19 waiters $35, $30. $25, $20 and found
32 dishwashers $30, $25, $20, $15 and found
12 bakers' assistants, $40, $35, ?30 and found
12 laundrymen. $40. $35. $30. $25 and found
Candymakers: porter help for Institution; gro-
cery clerk and drive
6 butchers $35, ISO and SCO and found
Pantryman; Icecream makers
MURRAY & READY. 684-636 Clay at.
A— FOR a Government position, an experienced
stenographer and typewriter. MURRAT &
READY, 634-636 Clay at
X — COOK, mining camp, $50 and found, fare
F.ald; second cook for tbe mine*. $40 and
ound. fare Dald. MURRAT & READY, 634-
636 Clay st
BOYS for box factory, city, $1 day; 2 drivers
for baker wagons, $7 week and found; black-
smith helper: shop butcher, $S we«k and
found; butter maker and wash cane, $30 and
found; 2 stablemen, $35 and found; 15 laborers
for mill and woods, $28 and found; planerman,
$60 and found; laborers for railroad, free fare;
10 men to drive acraper team. $1 EO and board:
Feeders, tappers, laborers for furnace. $2 to
.$3 60 day
Engineer and tool sharpener for mine, $3
day; setter for mill, $3 day, and others.
J. F. CROSETT Agenoy. 623 Sacramento at
MAN and wife for home work, private family,
$50; gardener and wife, $C0; laundryman and
wife, $60; 2 lronera, $12 week; assistant jani-
tor, $30; t men for wine cellar and vineyard,
$10 week. and others. J. F. CROSETT
Agency, 628 S&cramanto rt.
COOIC and wife, $75; boarding-house oook, $45;
hotel cook, $40; restaurant cooka; second and
third cooks; hotel and restaurant waiters, and
many others. J. F. CROSETT Agency. 62S
Sacramento at.
A— WANTED
Man to run small donkey engine In winery.
$35 and board
6 laborers for mine S3 EO a day
8 grooms for atock ranch $30 and found
6 farmers, steady all winter.. ..$20 and found
2 hack drivers 930 and found
2 gardeners $25 and found
Vegetable gardener $25
Ranch teamster $CG
2 woodchoppera $3 a cord
W. D. EWER ft CO.. 610 Clay at.
A— DISHWASHER, city. $15: choreman. city.
$10 per week; all-around man. Catholic ln-
Ftltutlon, across the bay. $15; must under-
stand care of the sick. MISS CULLEN, 323
Butter st.
BARBERS' Progressive Union— Free employ-
ment. H. Bernard. Sec.. 104 7th; tel. Jessie 152.
ACTIVE man, by established house .worth
$2T0.000; duties, hiring help: liberal salary and
expenses advanced to right party. Address
WILLIAM J. UHL, manager, 723 Chestnut at..
Philadelphia, Pa.
BOY at least 17 years of age for manufacturing
business: must understand the care of horses
and be able to furnish good references. Apply
box 3334. Call.
PRINTER wanted— -Toung man to run small
private shop; must understand plain type-
setting, handling of Gordon Job press and pur-
chasing stock. Sherman. Clay & Co.
GOOD second hand bread baker; wages $30,
board and lodging; also strong boy or young
man to help in cake bakery; must have ex-
perience. 911V4 Larkln st.
A GENTLEMAN of indomitable energy and
push; good opportunity to right man. 'F.
PERSON, room 412, Parrott building.
WANTED — Young man or boy to work In gro-
cery; German preferred. 1600 Bush St., corner
Franklin.
WANTED— Man to sweep halls and make him-
self generally useful about hotel. Hotel Repe-
Uer, "SI Sutter at
COMPETENT clothing salesman; one who
speaks Spanish fluently: no other need apply;
salary $20 week. 119 Bush, room 12.
CO-ATMAKEIt for country. Apply REISS
BROS & CO.. 24 Sutter st
WANTED— Lunch waiter from 11 to 1 p. m. 115
Drumm at.
A GOOD block butcher; $8 per week and found.
Apply 3318 Mission at
BOT wanted In meat market at 1601 Grove st
WANTED— Toung man, experienced clothlng-
atock clerk; reference: Address box 3342. Call.
BOY wanted who understands baking. Hughes'
Bakery, 1040 McAllister at
A GOOD restaurant cook wanted: no Sunday
work. WILLIAM COOK, 39 Market St.
WANTED — Experienced plnsetters for bowling
alley; evening work. 237 Twelfth at
SECOND WAITER wanted. Park Hotel. 20
Turk at.
GOOD barber for Saturday and Sunday; 15o
shop. 2007 Mission st.
WAITER wanted; must carry trays and do
porter work. 37 Eddy st
WANTED— A dishwasher. 29 Fourth street
WANTED— Lively boy. At 212 OTarrell st";
wages $4 week.
WANTED— Walter for evening*. 435 Ellis at
WANTED— A man that understands florist and
nursery business. E00 Halght st
BOY from 14 to 16 for hotel; $10 per month and
found. 417 Larkln et.
FIRST-CLASS and 'assistant operators; steady
work; high wages. 40 Ellis at, room 62.
BARBER wanted: Bteady Job; good place for
right party. 007 Lacuna st .
WANTED— First-class bushelman; steady em-
ployment. 335 Bush st.
I . i ' IZZZZ .
j BOOTBLACK wanted. 11 Sixth at.
MEN- to > wash dishes and assist cooking. 233
Sixth st. .. '
WAITER wanted at People's Restaurant, 631
Clay. at.
I WANTED— Carriage striper. J. M. BRIGGS,
j 1401 California st.
. LUNCH waiter wanted. Restaurant, 25S First
j street
' SHOEMAKER w.inted: a good man on repalr-
j .Ing. Apply at 904 Valencia st.
WANTED— Feeder on Platen press. 109 Call-
„ fornla st, room 2L"
GORDON press feeder. HANCOCK BROS..
1 printers, . 73 Third at
HELP WANTED— -MALB^
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S 10* Geary St.
600 men for new railroad work........
200 teamsters. State of Nevada »2 a day
60 teamsters. Monterey County ...J2 a day
M laborers, Truckee $1 90 a day
20 tunnelmen. Chatsworth Park.....
|2 to 12 50 t day
to laborers ard teamsters. Uklah *2 a day
Fee |1 Ship daily F^S,, fare
6 carpenters. $3 JO day; S In*ersoll drillers.
J3 a day; 2 farmers and wives. HO and J3o;
6 crape pickers. Sonoma County, $1 a day
and board; stablemen, farmers, choremen and
Others.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Cook, institution. J55; cook, country hotel.
$30- cook and wife. Institution. SS5: camp
cook. $30; cook, country hotel. $45: 20 dish-
washers and kitchen hands. J25 and *30. C.
R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
A CORRESPONDENT clerk for export and Im-
port wholesale house; *125 and Increase. C. R.
HAXSEA' & CO.. 104 Geary at.
A TOUNG man for hotel, country, one who
has been steward preferred, $40 and found;
see proprietor here. C. R. HANSEN & CO..
104 Geary at.
A FIRST-CLASS barber to take chares of the
shop of a first-class hotel, country: elegant
opportunity; see proprietor here to-day. C.
R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
AN experienced clothlnff cutter at the Standard
Shirt Factory, Gouzh and Grove ata.
WANTED— A baker on cake*. C BANTEL,
123 Taylor st.
STBADT barber wanted. 823 Montgomery ave.
PLUMBER wanted. 604 Post it.
— %
TEN waiters. Palace of Art. 18 Poat at.
FIRST-CLASS bartender. Call between 10 and
11 a. m.. 29 Stockton et.
MAX oook wanted. 322 Main St.. boardln«-
nquse. _^^^_______
BOTS wanted. Saa Francisco and Pacific Glaaa
Worka. Seventh and Townserid ets. .
¦WANTED— Underpreaeer on vests. Room 61. St.
Anne building. 8 Eddy at.
PORTER. German preferred. Call after 10 a.
• m.. 1053 Market St.
WAITER wanted. New Washington Hotel. S34
Fourth Bt.
BARBER wanted. 25 Steuart st.
NEAT boy to keep office. Apply early 213
Era miner building.
WANTED— Lunch waiter. 17 Washington st.
WANTED— Recrulta for the United States Ma-
rine Corps. U. 8. Navy, able-bodied, unmar-
ried men of good character, between the agsa
of 21 and 35 years; not less than 5 feet 4
Inches and not over 6 feet 1 Inch In height;
must be citizens of the. United Sta.tes or per-
sons who have leeally declared their Inten-
tions to become citizens; able to read, write
and speak Entcllsh properly. For further In-
formation apply at the Marine Recruiting Of-
fice. 40 Ellis at., San Francisco. CaL, 630 K st.,
Sacramento. Cal.. or 1053 J at.. Fresno. Cal.
WANTED — For U. 8. array, able-bodied, un-
married men between ages of 21 and SS; dtt-
cens of United States; of good character and
temperate habits, who can apeak, read ana
write English; recruits are specially desired
for service In Philippines. For Information
apply to Recruiting Officer, m New Mont-
gomery at.. San Francisco. Cal.
WANTED— Reliable all-round man for head
keeper and general work on hunting ark;
must thoroughly understand running gasoline
engine and experienced with boats; no other
need apply; wages $40 and found. Apply box
3325. Call office.
BOT wanted. Apply after 9 a. m. at the Ster-
enaon-st. entrance CHARLES LYONS, Lon-
don Tailor. 721 Market st.
SHOEMAKER wanted; good Job for flrst-clasa
man. T. F. TAYLOR, 1013 Seventh St.. Sac-
ramento. Cal.
TOUNG man wanted to deliver orders and help
1 in bakery. 1410 Polk st., near Pine; wages
$20.
STEADT man with 1100; permanent place that
¦will pay J65 mo.; short hours; light work; ex-
perience not nece»6ary. 1014 Market, room 10.
BARBER8— Good-paying 5-chatr shop; must be
sold on account of departure; a bargain,
DECKELMAN BROS.. 10« Ellis at.
IP.OSERS wanted at United States Laundry.
Sixteenth St.. near Valencia.
GIRLS wanted at United States Laundry. Six-
teenth st.. near Valencia,
GOOD ooatmakers wanted. SSO Market st,,
rooms 8 and 4.
DISHWASHER wanted. 1410 Polk at. near
Pine; wages $25.
DISHWASHER; apply earty. 44S Third at.
TOUNG men to feed Job pressea and on» for
Colt's armory cutting press. 18 Fremont «t.
WANTED — Boy for Jewelry atora; must work
eveninss. Box S?23. Call offlc-.
COOK and flrst-clasa waitress wanted. SH
Sixth at.
WANTED — Fourth hand to help on cakes. 331
Fourth at.
WAITER wanted. HO Towneend at.
WANTED— Salesman; furnishing goods dept.
Apply S. N. WOOD & CO.. 713 Markot at.
FTVE first-class mill bench hands; on« wood
turner. NIEHAUS BROS. CO.. West Berke-
ley Planing Mills.
WANTED — 6 Jewelers; ateady work: no short
time. Apply, stating wages wanted and par-
ticulars. JOS. MAYER & BROS.. Seattle.
FOR' sale — A 3-chair barber shop, on account ot
golnK East. 14 Turk at.
LABORERS and drillers wanted at 627 Four-
teenth ft. near Guerrero.
WANTED — 100 men to take rooms, 10c. 15o and
20c. Boston House. 930 Howard st.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 6S2 Mission st. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
MEN and women to learn barber trade. 8. F.
Barber College, 741A Howard st.
SAILORS, ordinary eeamen and green hands;
all parts of world. HERMAN'S. 28 Steuart
PENSIONS— GEO. D. CAMPBELL. lawrer.~!«
years' Dractlce; Examiner building.
MEN wanted to learn barber trade; only eight
weeks required: positions guaranteed; special
Inducements: catalogue and map of city free.
Meier's Barber College. 625 Clay st.
DENTIST— 1st class, good habits & address. t3
take charge books & business of wide prac-
tice: larfte salary; security required. Oakland
Dental Co.; 1063 Washington st., Oakland.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third at; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; SI to J2 per week.
NEW goods; quick sales; salary or commis-
sion; city or country. THE J. DEWING CO.,
Flood building.
GET your shoes half soled while waiting; 23c
to Me. 562 Mission st.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st. near Mar-
ket; 700 rooms, 23c night; reading-room; free
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
LINDELL House, corner Sixth and Howard-
Rooms 15c to 23c night: 75c to $2 per week.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch officer 22C0 Flllmore at
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established . at 1058
Valencia at.
HORSES, LIVE STOCK, Etc — For Sale
WANTED— TWO FINE SADDLE HORSES
Two of the very best saddle horses that can
be purchased en the Pacific Coast: well bred-
thoroughly broken; gentle under the saddle -
of a kindly disposition; with easy mouth and
gait; free from vicious habits; without blem-
ish or defect; geldings; color, black, bay or
sorrel: height. 15.1 to 15.3; weight, not less
than 1050 pounds nor more than IC0O pounds-
axe 6 to 9 years; head and ears small; fore-
head broad; eyes large and prominent- vision
perfect in every rMpect: chest full, broad and
deep; forelegs straight and standing well un-
der; barrel large and Increasing from girth
toward flank; back short and straight- with-
ers elevated; loins and haunches broad and
muscular; hocks, well bent and under the
horse; good mane and tail; a liberal nrlce
will be paid. Address P. O. box NcTmot
N. B.— Useless to offer unless It Is guaran-
teed that hors« answers requirements In
every respect and Is. In fact, unusually fine,
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market.
1?-t t *HS" on 8ales every Wednesday.
STjLLIVAN & DOTLE. Auctioneers.
W( ? I i£j£ rs<ls for s ' Ue: ust arrived. A carload
at PETERSON'S stable. 107 New Montgomery
street.
70 HEAD draft, carriage and saddle horses: also
pneumatic and rubber-tired tm.rcies: ch-a?.
Occidental Hors«* Fxrbnncp. 721 Howard *t.
_ HOUSES TO LET.
A-PRLNTED list; houses to let: send for clr-
CUlar. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
•K07 HOWARD— House 10 rooms, bath, laun-
dry, range; large garden; rent E3.V
HOUSE to let of 4 rooms and cellar; kitchen.
230.3 Polk st. - .
¦-r^^L - HOUSEsTvAXTED. „
WANTE D— To "purchase ~iarge house: ** m f^ t .°
. be moved on a lot on Twenty-second street,
between Mission and Valencia- 420 Devisa-
dera at
LOST AXD FOUXD.
name of JAMES KINSELLA, No. 2»-lo-3.
The nnder yill please return to bann
LOST-Male syke terrier; Tuesday tyeoli«r at
California and Leavenworth; name Laddie- .
reward. 1304 CaljforTna at. ;
FOUND on Devlaadero st.— A purse contain-
ing a sum of mor.ey about a month ago. aq-
dress 2134 Flllrqore st.
LOST— A hound pup. black and white: answers
to the name of Lady. Return to J. MLKUax.
1S02 Leavenworth gt ,
LOST— Diamond brooch: round: reward If re-
turned Mrs. J. H. Clover. St. Xlcholaa Hotel.
LOST— Charm Knights of Honor to P. Abra-
hamson; reward. 1022 Hyde ft.
FOUND— Seal colored setter dog; white hind
toe. Call 443 Dupont st.
LOST— In Gotten Gate Park, lady's gold watch;
Initials B. £. on outside. Return to 140o
Xlnth «t.. Oakland; reward.
LOST — Black and tan dog: name Zip; license
tag attached to collar; $10 reward. Cewey
House, 32 East st.
LOST— Diamond locket; engraved: E. J. M.
aultahl« reward. Drugstore. 1C2S Market at.
______
DR. and STRS. DAVIE3. 1223 Market at.— P.eM-
able ladles' and Eenta' specialists; 32 years*
practice: have treated thousands of cases suc-
cessfully; a positive euro guaranteed at of-
fice; !adles treated can refirn home the sacis
day; try the celebrated HIXDO HERB treat-
ment for home cure; any one can use It by di-
rections: perfectly harmless; home for confine-
ment. Send five 2-cent stamps for circular.
DR. G. W. O'DON'NELL. the world-renowned
ladles' specialist; safe and reliable; haa prac-
ticed in San Francisco for years: treated thou-
sands of cases successfully; treatment can b«
used at home; consultation free. After all
others fail call on him. 1023^ Market st.
DRS. GOODWIN, well-known ladies' specialis!.?.
have returned from Europe: safe and reliable;
cure J5: have treated thousands of c_es with
ruccess: 15 years* practice In S. F. ; materntty
home; low fees. 1007% Market St., near Sixth.
ALL nervous and mental diseases cured: rest
and sleep assured: highest testimonials. F.
P. N.Van Landeghem. D. V. L.. late of £8 E.
63d St.. N. Y. City. rms. 5 & 6; office hours
J> till 1 o'clock. 640 Golden Gate ave.
NG TOT KEE. Chinese doctor; cures consump-
tion, cancer, catarrh, etc: all diseases treat-
ed: send for testimonials: advice free. Sani-
tarium. 704 Sacramento St.. corner Knny.
MRS. DR. WTETH. reliable specialist; K yr*.'
practice; home in confinement; treatment at
office. $5; any ailment; consultation free; con-
Hdentltl. 942 Post St.. bet. Hyde and Larkln.
A— NEW process; every woman her own phy-
sician; no medicine or pllla used: practical
physician 37 yrs. Dr. POPPER. SIS Kearny.
MRS. DR. KOHL, the well-known and reliable
ladles* socialist; c«aranteed treatment at of-
fice, 15; positive cure. 448 Eddy, nr. Levnwrth.
MRS. M. ALLEN, 10S3 Market— Ladies' special-
ist: home In confinement: safe and raUahle,
consultation free: hours 10 to 8.
DR. and MRS. M. WEGENER- Private honia
In confinement. 1312 Golden Gate av*
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, treats -ill dis-
eases of the human body. 115 Mason »t.
MISCELLAXEOE9— FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. Mo
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 135-137 Fremont St.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters,
linoleum, new and second-hand; we always
have a large stock, of saloon outfits on hand;
82 complete cut 3:3 on our floor, ready made;
we can ship everything In !4 hours. J.
NOONAN. 1017. 1013. 1021. 1013 Mission St..
above Sixth: write for catalogue.
FOR sale— Property of the Live Oak Consoli-
dated Gold Mining Co.. situated in Nevada
County, 15 miles north of Auburn: 2 patented
claims: S-starap quartz mill: ditch and hoist-
ing works complete. For further particulars
Inquire of A. MEISTER. 914 Ninth St.. Sac-
ramento. CaL
A — BUYS, sells or rents arear machinery, en-
gines, botlers. water pipe, shafting;, pulleys,
etc. .WHITELAW. 215 Spear st.
J7j— FOR sale, counter and fixtures with furni-
ture for 3 room^: and store to let, $G. AD-
DISON & CO.. 17CS Market st.
8 H.-P. 2nd-hand steam engine and boiler; also
for gasoline. 6, 4, 3 and 1H h.-p. each; flrst-
class; bargains. EPSTEIN', 5C3 Mission st.
STEEL tanks, all sizes: suitable fcr water or
oil: cheap: all shapes: second hand. II. S.
WHITE, 518 Mlsslcn St.
A-J3 10 DERBY and Fedora hats, |l 73. Pop-'
ular Price Hatters. 130 Kearny St.. near Pine.
A— 100 HORSEPOWER enirine. boiler. 2 drill
air compressor. JAJIDIXE3. 2T0 Fremont at.
ENGLISH Imported ladies' and gents' saddle*,
almost 'new. for sale. 1S23 Green st.
BtCTCLE (ladleiO. 190O model; used l~-nonth;
cost J30; price K0 cash. Box 3341. Call ofHce.
FOR sale— Small Hall safe: bock! as new; ln-
aWe door; cheap. Cox 334?, Call off.oe.
FOX terrier pups for sale, cheap. S73 Chestnut
street.
SAFES— New and second hand. Tnn HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento at.
FIREPROOF safe for sale cheap. 42 Main st.
PORTABLE engines, boilers: Iron and wood
planers, lathes: 2J hand. J. Kurke. 133 K?al<».
MAGIC lanterns, new and Sd hand; moving
pictures. FULLARD & RRFCK. 131 Post St.
FINE nit. 110; dress pant*. 12 To. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 407 Montgomery st.
FULL line cameras and photo supplies: sell!r»<
cheap. W. A. HAIiTTER. 513 Examiner btdsr.
WILL rent full dress Tuxedo cr Prince Albert
suits for 12 i0. Portland Lean Office. 23 Stktn.
10- TOM Fairbanks ica'« and fire and burgiax
proof safe. 216 California St.
SP-HAND photorraphlc and maple lantern out-
fits boujrht. sold, exchanged. 103 Montgomery.
FIRST-CLASS second-hand n«i»rn enirines and
boilers bought ar.d gold. KROGII Mfic. Co.
EDISON concert phonograph; reduced price,
>T5: concert records. 11 50. Bacigalupl. 933 Mkt.
SAFES — New and second hand: a!l sizes. THB
WALTZ SAFE. 103-m Market s»t.. San Fnn.
MISCELLANEOUS WA.\TS.
LADIES' and rents' cast-off c!oth!npr bought A
sold. Silverman. ?S4 Folsom; teL Folsom 1131.
KLBIN still pays best price for clcthin^. bric-
a-brac and books. ICO Sixth St. ; tel. Jessie 141.
IF you wish full value for your cast-off clotMnsr
call on E. COHEN. 157 Third: tel. Rl.-tcic r.23.
MO.NfcJY TO LOA.V.
ANT amount at « per cent; 1st, 2d and 3J mort-
gages, undivided interest. rt>al estate in pro-
bate; mortgaRPs and legacies b^o^ht: no de-
lay; get my terms before doins: business else-
where. R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, r. 3.
ANT proposition, any amount; S per cer.t: first.
second mortgages, estates in prob.-ite. interest
In estates. legacies, corporation loans, chattel
morif-a-Res. life insurance Room !'". Bjjl floor.
Chronicle bldg. H.VLLORAN A OLSKN.
HIGHLT respectable prlvat* place tr> obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry StO*». «»* Market
et.; tel. Main 1S44. Branch 13 Third st.
ON furniture and pianos without removal; quick
service; money direct: lowest interest. Rooms
63 and 63. Dcnohoe building. 1170 Mar^e: st.
ON real estate, 1st and 2nd raort^aues and on
furniture or pianos: no removal: any ara.mnt;
lowest rate. BECKER & CO.. Z* Montgomery.
MOST reliable place to borrow on ¦diamonds.
watches. Jewelry- Wi J. HE?THAL. 10 Sixth;
highest price for old sold, silver, diamonds.
AT 126 Kearny St.. room C respectable prtvatj
place to borrow on washes, diamonds lowest
rates; take elevator. _Tej p P h0Ce 1>av ' 3 83S -
tZCQ.OOO AT « per cent kTsums to suit la city:
also $15O.C00 on laree ranches: al^o on ( stennd
ANT amount by private party on furniture and.
pill" no removal: tow rates: confidential.
FONELLI. 301 Jo"«*« 3t - coriler Ediy.
MONET loaned Ml.tr!eJ people without s'v-urity.
HILU r. 44. Merchant*' Kx., 431 California.
ON' rurniture and pianos: no removal: conn-
dentlaT: on diamonds, etc 33 Taylor st.
TO salaried people without security: all bu£
Tausley Co.. S21 Parrott_blg.
ft MURPHY «3i> Market st.. selves sll kinds of
financial problems^Jd mortgages, estate?, etc.
OV furniture, pianos: 3 per cent per month ; no
commission. Mrs. Wtlsun. rm. IPX, g Eddy st.
C\SH loaned tr> salaried people on note without
lndnrser. MOIUtELL. 603 Examiner bulUing.
ON furnUure. pianos without removal; no com-
mls-ylon: private. LILIv. US McAllister rt.
TO salaried people without collateral or to.
dormer. S. F. Discount Agency, m Vht>lan hlg.
3ir>ic.vi, issTttCMEvri
NO one contemplating the purchasTof a^n^T
now or in the near future, can afford Tto boy
until our large assortment of Deckers or
packards has heen examined. V,'e are n-,n.
ins prices and terras more reasonable t^an
ever before offered on first-class erw,,u
ZEXO MAUVAIS Mu.io^g^gt..^ 9 1
2 CARLOADS of t>ecker A Son bab7~^TT" "
anU uprights and Arlington u^rleht«i hf™ nda
rived and will be unleaded fues'Hy
are many styles to select from ami *h«- re
ties who are waiting for them c£n ?"°..5 ar *
choice- if they com, early^W/" '1"'ARRIVED.
Wednesday, September 12.
Br stmr Algoa, Hansford, 29 days from Hong
kong, via Yokohama 25 days, and via Honolulu
8 days 7 hours.
CLEARED.
Wednesday, September 12.
Stmr North Fork, Maclellan. Eureka; Chas
Br stmr Wellington, Ryan. Chemalnus; R ,
Dunsimilr's Sons Co.
Br stmr Oak Branch. Scheel. Welhalwel;
American Tradlnr Co.
Br shla. Eudora, Shaw, Queenstown; Eppln
ger & CoT
Br ship Robert Duncan. Maclean, Queens
town; Balfour, Guthrie & Co.
SAILED. i
Wednesday, September 12.
Stmr Eureka, Jensen. Coos Bay.
Stmr Arcata, Nelson, Coos Bay.
Stmr W K Kruxer, Krog, .
Stmr Bonlta, Nlcolson, Sen Pedro.
Stmr North Fork, McLellan. Eureka.
Br stmr Oak Branch, Scheel, Welhalw#l.
Schr Ocean Spray, Larsen, Iversena Landing:.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. Sept 12. 10 p m— Weather
cloudy; wind west, velocity 12 miles.
SPOKEN.
Aug 20. lat 14 N. Ion 25 W— Br ship Crown of
Scotland, from Penarth, for San Francisco.
Sept 10, lat 33 35 N, Ion 133 18 W— Br stmr
Westminster, hence . Sept 7, for Manila.
MISCELLANEOUS.
LONDON, Sept 12— The Br stmr Coptic, from
Hongkong, for San Francisco, went ashore at
Shlmonosekt, but afterward sot off unassisted
and proceeding, having sustained no apparent
damage.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
¦ PORT BLAKEL.ETT— Arrived Sept 12— Br ship
City of Hankow, from Port Townsend; schr W
H Talbot. from Honolulu.
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived Sept 12— Stmr Co
qullle River, hence Sept 8; schr Halcyon, from
San Pedro. »
Sailed Sept 1J— Stmr Grace Dollar, for San
Francisco.
SEATTLE— Sailed Sept 11— Stmr Bertha, for
Kodlak; stmr Ruth, for Skaguay; stmr Dirlgo,
for Skaruay.
Arrived Sept 11— Stmr City of Seattle, for
CAPE NOME— Arrived Aug 2S— Stmr John S
Klmball. from Seattle, via St Michael.
UMPQUA— Sailed Sept 7— Schr Sadie, for Re
dondo.
PORT HADLOCK— Arrived Sept 13 — Schr
James Rolph, hence Aug 23.
EUREKA— Arrived Sept 11— Schr Mabel Gray,
from San Piero.
Sailed Sect 12— Stmr Del Norte. stmr Bruns
wick ami stmr Pomona, for San Francisco.
ASTORIA— Arrived Seot 12— Stmr Fulton,
hence Sept 7; stmr State of California, hence
S *VORT TOWNSEND— Passed In Sept 12— Br
ship City of Hankow, from Honolulu; echr W
H Talbot, from Kahulul.
Sailed Sept 11— Bktn J M Griffiths, for Mel-
Passed up Sept 12— Schr Carrier Dove, hence
Aus 24 for Seattle; schr Ruby A Cousins, from
Cape Nome; stmr Queen, from quarantine.
GREENWOOD— Arrived Sept 12— Stmr Green
wood,- hence Sept 11.
ROCKPORT— Sailed Sept 11— Stmr Scotia, for
S^ONOLULU— Sailed Aug SO— Schr Henry Wil
son, for Grays Harbor.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived Sept 10— Stmr South
Coast from Eureka; stmr Alcazar, from Port
Harford. Sept 12— Schr Ethel Zane from Port
Gamble: schr Orient, from Port Gamble.
BOWENS LANDING— Arrived Sept 12— Schr
Bender Brothers, hence Sept 9: schr Reliance,
hence Sept 9; schr Corinthian, hence Sept 9.
FOREIGN PORTS.
SCATTERT ROADS— Arrived Sept 11— Br ship
Cumberland, from Tacoma.
NEWCASTLE. NSW— Sailed Aug 31— Bktn
Wrestler, for Mahukona.
LIMERICK— Arrlvad Sept 12— Br ship Cum
berland, from Tacoma. ?
ROYAL ROADS— Arrived Sept 12— Chll bark
Janen, from Guayaquil.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived Sept 9— Br stmr Gae
lic, hence Aug 21.
NANAIMO— Sailed Sept 12— Stmr Mlneola, for
MANILA— Arrived Sept 9— Br stmr Pak Ling.
from Seattle.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
LONDON— Arrived Sept 12— Stmr Manltou,
from New York.
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived Sept 12—StmrRhyn
land, from Philadelphia, for Liverpool.
Sailed Sept 12— Stmr Lake Superior, from
Liverpool, for Montreal.
NEW YORK— Arrived Sept 12— Stmr Servla.
from Liverpool.
Sailed Sept 12— Stmr St Louis, for Southamp
ton: stmr Teutonic, for Liverpool: stmr Wnt
ernland, for Antwerp.
Continued from Page Eight.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
Savings and Loan Society to James Spiers,
lot on NE corner of Vallejo and Gough streets,
N 137:6 by E 82:6: $15,C00.
John*C. and Michael C. Bateman to Home
Investment Association, lot on S line of Broad
way 155 W of Gough street, W 44 by S 110: $10.
John and Cornelia F. Currey to Anna Raisch,
lot on 8 line of Hayes street, 158:3 E of Cen-«
tral avenue (Lott street). E 25 by S 137:6; $10.
Estate of Henri F. Emerlc (by Elisabeth E.
Moltoza, executrix) to The Voorman Company
(corporation), lot on E line of Front street.
25:8 8 of Washington, S 111:10 by E 120: $65,000.
Same -by same and Elizabeth E. Moltosa to
same, lot on E line of Front street. 24 S of
Washington, S 115:11H by E 120
deed); $10.
Julia Abraham to Morris O*er, lot on N'W
corner of Eddy and Glasgow streets, W 23 by
N 60:8 (quitclaim deed): $5.
Alphonse Jr. and Lillian K. L. Gulstl to
George C. Alferlta. lot on SE corner of Filbert
and Leavenworth streets, E 37:6 by S S7:«; $10.
Miss Harry A. L. Floyd to same, same: $19.
Harriet McCarthy to Covlngton Johnson, lot
on W line of Leavenworth street. 32:6 S of
Eddy S 25 by W 87:6; $10.
Mary and Joseph Smith to Southern Pacific
Railroad Company, lot on N corner of Railroad
end Thirty-ninth avenues, NE 50 by NW 123:10.
lot 4, block M, Paul Tract; $10.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 13, 1900.
11
BAILROAD TBAVEL.
SOITIII.ItN IM«:iriV COJIIUJII.
. * ••¦", (rAciric iivmtcm.)
Trnln* kniv nail »r» *iu* lo nrrln f%t
MAM nt.%*t'IM4'O.
(Main Lii.c. Foot of llarket Street)
ts«vt — max Septxvber 13. 1300. — akbits
**io»i Bi'mcU. *i:isi:i>, Elmfra, Vi;aTi:ie.
Riuxsrj ami htenimeiito *7l43r
•<:•»« Shuu Kior»ss-U«fta. William* 1' for
B&rtlett .Springs), WUlows. Rod
BluS, rors.a»d, »7H3f
*7>3Oa Minnie*. S.»u lU.iioii, VjKcjk. K*;a,
CaliatogsantlS»:ib4 Kuta *6il3p
">:im* Din*. Woodland. Kaighw Iomdiag.
MvT»ili«. OrottlUt. *T:-f3r
*«:0O* Atlantic K«pres»— Ogdn. aod Kaat ¦!•»*»»
•ft:O»t Nllas. Tr:cy. la'.hrop, Stockton *W: 13a
•v;hm ft«u Jose, Llfenuoie. ntucitoti,
lone. Sacraintuitu. nacenUle.
"¦'. &f aasvllt*. Chlen. Keit Ittitrr Mil»»
'•«i3Oji Oak.U.t-. Chinmw. Etouun. C'axten... ••: 1 ."ir
•!>:«»* lUjwartia. HUM mutl Way Stations. 'I li«»*
*U:OI»a Los Aoge!es Express — Martinei,
Tracy, Latiirop. mocktna, Merced
I're*im »nil Lot Angeles *7:llr
•ttilftt Vall-j... Uatlluo* ami Way Station! *»i*.?r
•IU:n». The Overland Limited— Ogdau. Dra-
per, Omaha. ChitxM "•:43r
¦11:00a Xlk-s, Btocktou, -w.-r-iiri'-iito. Men-
«lou, Fresno, Ilaufurd. VImUa,
PorteiTilio „ Milar
•I 1:OO* LlTfrmii.-. SaDg*r. Cosh^n Ju&c-
t'.t.n. DakrrsHrld, Lo* Acgelca
•l-i:Oii M Ilaywaroa, NUesauU Way stations. 'tiMr
tl:MOpHacraiiirn:<> Kl»«r Sle»m«r« t3:01>A
*:t:O»r HkjwanU. Nilra And Way Station!. •:»: t.Tp
•iMinr M.iriim-/.. rt.ui 1U:u<mi. Vallajo.
X»|>», «¦«!!¦••.¦..¦». Santa Knaa •»!!»•
•* = u»r ll-uiei*. Winters. Huruntnto,
WuiMllaml, KmikIiU I.auJlut.
MaryKfillr. OroTlll* •I»:IS»
•l:a«p Nile*. Han .line amlStoclltOu *?iMr
•3:ttOrTli« Owl Mii.iic! -•:>¦».- j. Froroo.
JSakersnolit. Maiigua fur 3aiita Bar-
bara. Ia,» Angeles. *18:l'»«
'n-.OOr Stockton •»:t3.\
*!lt««rNow Orlranr Eirress- lUkonrmM.
.Santa liarhara. I.11S An(rles. Deo*
' ing. El I'no. 3iew Orleaua au<t
Kaa» •?>*¦*»
•«:or» r FCiynartH. MI«iwiU>u Joao •?:•*»
ittiOttr Valleji. M-JtlDr
•U:O»r Oriental Mall-Ogden. Coejonnt.
Omaha. Chicago *13:13p
•«:O«p Oriental Mail— Ocden. Deafer.
Omaba. Chica*n Mil*?
•7sOO» Siiej, Tracy. Ltthrop. Stockton MaslSr
•7:O0r orrxoii au<i CuliromM Kipmim.Naa.
nwento, Marxmlltv, ItMiMitifr,
I'mtlaii'). 1'ngnt NoiiikI ami Ka.il *S:4.1a
!».*3p ValH<>. IV.rt Coata and Way Mta
tlona 11H9>
to AST iuvimos (Barren Uau;e).
(Footnf MirkJt Street.)
t?i43A Santa Crux Eicursiuu for Santa
Crux and Principal Way Stations t9:«3p
•ft: 13 A Xtturt.l M» trr»lil.-. -Si. i.l.<w, K.it,.ii.
BoulJor Crcek.ftiuta Crux and Way
Sutli.in *«i3»p
ttilDp Newark Onterr!!!*. Han .lose. New
Alma<l«u. Knltoi:. i:»ulil«r t,V«««.
Santa Ciu and 1'riueipal Way
Statlona »H»iS«»
'4 1 1 -ip Newark, Han .lone, I.os O»*o* fS:-****
1 »: 1 3f r.leawoo.1. Felton. HanU Vrxt el:** »
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
i-romSlX FBHiOiSCO — r»t *f Markat* SUmUSIisS) —
•7:18 9:1W 1100*. a. J1C3 -2:33 JJ;33
•1:03 13:33 ••:80r.».
r rcrju*JLn3--.'jol«'!rai.d».t.--.:.(10 8:00 10.00*. n.
na^ca *i:33 \2M *rzz gza -vsar.M.
COAST III VISION ( Uroatl «a»jf«).
(Thinl:i;»«»Town«f[M>SK>
«C:IOa Ocoan View, .iotit!i .tan r rincincn.. }H:ll»e
t~iO«* Han Jons ami Way Sutli.n* (Nat*
Alma.lon W«.ln*tdaT«a»l»> *I:3»F
JTiSIOa 3and>T Ezcnraion f • r Elan Joaa.
8inta Cruz. Pasiac Oro»e and
TrincipAl Way SUtioai JSjSSp
•!I:OO» Han .Ins-, 'I'm* 1'tmm. Hanta 1'rnx.
Pacltie Uioit. rasa Iti.blea. Han
l.nis i>\ i»; •. Mt.rf. Lompoc and
Prinel|<al Way Hlnllmial *4.l»p
•liulo* Ban Joao ami \7ay Mtatioua •«::».1»
•IIi3«a »an.lnsi!,Lo«Glt«*«i>il\Va]rSUMotit *3i3Op
tai'ISp San M*tro, ICulwnod. Menl» Park,
Palo Alto. Ha»ta Clara. 8an .!..««.
Trca PInoa. Naut» <rnir. aallnaa.
Mon'«<-xaii<! racilic Gro»« M«::i«*
tS:3«p«aaJoieaiMl Waj Htatiuns nim*?
t4:13p S*!i .!.)«- an<: Principal War NUUoiM •»: I.*m
t-iiOOp San Jn*f>, Los Gatos aod Principal
Way Station. *»!««»»
•5:Mr SauJiiia an.) Trincinal Waj Station* MMt9«
•ii:3»p San Jose an.l WayStationa ?«:«•«*
tll;45p San Jow, ami Way sutimi* »7:3l>p
A for Morning 1* for Afternoon.
' Daily. t Sunday accented J S un J*y only.
» Saturday oolj
m. Saturday aod Sunday. . c.Mooday onl>
CALIFORNIA NDRTBWESTERN EY. Ca
LESSEE
SAR FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY,
Tlfcuron Ferry, Foot «f Marfcat St.
. BAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL..
WEEK DATS— 7:30. 1:00. U:00 a. m. ; 13:33.
S:20. 5:10. 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 o. m. Saturdays— Extra, trips at 1:M
•and U::o d. m. ' *
BUNDAY3— 8:00. 3:30, 11: CO a. m. ; 1:30. 3:30.
1:00, R:2(' p. in.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:10, 7:10. 9:20. 11:10 a. m. ; 12:45.
1:40. 5:U p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at
1:S« and 8:35 D. rn.
BUM>AYS-S:10. »:40. 11:10 a. m.; 1:13. 3:49.
5:05, 6:25 p. m.
Between Ean Francisco and Scbuetzen Park
tamt achedul* a» above.
Leave I In Effect. I Arrive
Ean Frandgco. [Apr. 15. 1500.1 San Franctsc<x
Week I Bun- I I Bun- I Week"
Days. I days. | Destination.] days. | Day*.
7:30 ami 5:00 »m Novato. 10:10 ami 8:40 ara
1:30 pm| 9:30 am Petaluma.. «:C5 pm'lO:23 am
»:1'3 pm| 5:CO pm Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm| <:20 pra
Fulton.
f 30 am Windsor. 10:25 ara
Hpaidsburg.
Lytton.
Ceysenrille.
t:SO pm >:00 am Ooverdaln. 7:33 pm t:S3 pm
"t:SO am] j Hopland j 110:25 an,
t:30 pm! 8:00 am' and UViab. | 7:35 pm! t:V> pra
- T:30 ami 10:25 mso.
8:00 am Guerneville. 7:33 pm
»:30 pm tM pra
7:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma 9:15 am 8:40 am
and
8:10 pm [:00pm Glen Ellen. «:05 pro 6:20 pns
j 7:30 am| S:C0aml 110:40 am|10:23 in
t:!0 pm! 5:00 pra! SebastcpoL I 7:35 pm| (:30 pra
Stases connect at Panta Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Eprlniss; at Fultora
for Altruria: at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at
; Oeyserville for Skases Srjrir.g-*: at Clov»rda!»
s for the Geysers: at Hopland for Duncaa,
! Bprlni*;^. Highland Springs. Kelsejnrille. Carls-
: bad Springs. Boda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
i Pprlnes; at UVIah for Vichy Hprlnss. Saratog*,
Springs. Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
Springs. Upper Lake. Porno. Potter Valler.
John Day's. Riverside, LJerley's. Buckneir*.
Panhedrtn Heights. Hallvllle. Orr"« He*.
Springs, Mendoclno City. Fort Brag-jr. West-.
port, Usal. WllHt*. Laytonvllle. Cummtnu.
Bell 9 Epringa. Harris. Olsen's. Dyer, Scot!»
aved Eureka.
« Saturday to Monday ronnd trio tickets at
; f«duced rates.
On Pundrjy round trip ticket* to all points
beyond Ean Rafael at half rates.
' Ticket office*. KO Market st.. Chronicle bid*.
rC WHITINO. R. X. RTAX.
General llaaazer. Gea. Pass. Astnt, .
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausallto Ferry.
Commencing April 22. vjoo.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALUE T
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DATS— 7:00, "S^. »:30. U:W a- m.;
12:43. *1:45. 3:15. 4:15. *J:1S. 6:15. <:O p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and Saa
Rafael, on Mondays, Wednesdays. Saturday*
and Sundays, at 9:00 and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDATS— 7:00, »8:00. •9:00. »10:00. 11:00. 11:39
a. m.; 12:45. »l:30. 1:30. *3:iS. 5:00. «:0O; 7:29
p. m.
11:00 a. m. does not run to San Rafael Sun-
days.
Trains marked (•> run to San Quentin.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DATS— 5:35. t:Z0. 7:50. »:40. »10:U a,
m.: 15:20, 1:15. 2:15. *3:30. 4:30. 8:30 p. ra.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at *6:43 and 10:30 p. m.
SUNDATS— «:15. •8:00. •9:50, *U:0Oa. m.; »12:«»
m.; l:C0. 2:15. •3:30. 4:30. •5:45. «:13. 7:30. W:X>
1 p. m.
Trains marked (*> start from San Quentla.
FROM MILL VALLET TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DATS— 5:53. 6:45. 8:00. 8:55. 10:30 a.
m. : 12:35. 1:45, 2:45. 3:30, 4:50. 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesday*
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:20 p. m.
• SUNDAYS— «:S5. 8:05. 10:05. 11:10 a. m.: U:UL
X:20, 2:30. S:45: 4:55. <:1S. 7:05. 10:30 p. m.
THROUCH TRAINS. ,
7:00 a. m. week days— Cazadero and way sta-
tions.
3:15 p. m. Saturdays— Cazadero and way sta-
tions.
8:00 a. m. Sundays— Cazadero and way sta-
tions.
11:45 o. ra. Sundays— Point Reyea and way
ctatlona.
Santa Fe
Trains-Daiiy ,
Lea\e Marltit-street Ferry Depot.
Lve. Ban Franclsco.l $M a m!4:io p m 8:00 p rn
Arr. Stockton [12:30 p m!7:15 p m 11:05 p m
•• ' ilercfd 2:42 p m 1:18 a m
*' Fresno 4:20 pm 3;«5 a m
. " Vl*a!ia «:0o p m 4:30 am
" Tulare «:22 p m| 5:10 am
" Hanford 5:33 p ml 7:06 am
" BakersfiRld ... 9:50 pm' 7:30am
*• Denver 10:00 a m _^_^_
*• Kansas City... 5:15 p m
" ChicaKo 7:10 a m
9 a. m. train is the Overland Express. Corre-
sponding train arrives at S p. m. daily.
4:10 d. m. Is Stockton Local. Corresponding-
train arrives at 11:20 a. ra. daily.
8:00 p. m. is Fresno and Bakersfleld Express,
with Sleeping Cars for both cities. Correipcnd-
iog train arrives at S a. m. daily.
OFFICES— <4t Market St. and in Ferry Depot.
San FraneUeo; 11 IS Broadway. Oakland.
Telephone South SO-
VHENRY^J. CALLAGHER CO.,
(Successor ; to Flannagan & ' Gallagher).
- -DANIEL P. DONOVAN, Mgr. V '
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMER3.
20 Fifth Bt., opposite Lincoln School.
MUSICAL ISSTRPMEXTS
show more Roods in all uE£ than My othE
installments. BENJ CURTA2 : i 'cnv ,°/
IS and a, OFarrcil st\ : Ch?cltrtn£aje£^
*CLAY U T a rA% °J Pla "u 0S at SHERMAN.
thr ** >¦«"*« and full purchase prtce allowed"
T.F *Tr£«* CLAY t - * CO - BTEINWAY
Ian V>ii « C ° rner Kearn >' •"« Sutler Ms..
g o a ; k ra°nT r Broad ™r «"« Th'r-
ITTEXTIOX! THE
•« r^'^' , MA V ZY PIANO FACTORY
.* bow ppen for inaction. Special reception
Tuesday. \ isitors welcome.
SEE A PIANO MADE
Have your old piano done over. Look In our
*• r.flew and see the J30CO gold nupget. The
j-.umrn of piano-makers' art. 30S-210-312 I'ost
fOHMEH AGENCY.
*T a discount, to establish our new location,
we will give 1* i-er cent oft on pianos: som«
«*^r,<J-hand bargains; 3 Heine uprlphts. J32T:
2 St~!nw-ays. IIU: 1 Chiokerinpr. Sier.: 1 Ma-
son & Hfmlin. $S90. and 20 other bargains;
apents for Hallm & PaviF and » other makes.
"CINE PIANO CO.. 117 Geary ft., near City
oC Paris.
ARPOU'TELT the oldest and lamest house
west of Or-.i^airo Is KOHLER & CHASES. 26
rs and so OTarrell Ft.; pianos, orpans and
all other musical Instruments of all grades
and prices: terras easy; prices lowest: every-
thlnK possible done w please and satisfy the
customer.
A FINE 3-pedal upright piano, latest Improved.
WiiQi a nice square. $4fi; n fine oak upright
rlano. Ktanriard make. J250. DEWINGS.
Flood building;.
VIOLIN strings: never wet: b*-st in the world:
making and rf-pairing of all kinds of musical
instruments. Carl C. Anderson. 417 Geary Bt.
A FORCED sale of a fine upright piano. Room
21. Flood bul ldlnr.
3-TEDAL StPinway: perfect order. $175.
KEEFFE'S. ?J3 Market 6t.. bet. Dth and 6th.
GENTLEMAN lea vim? city will sacrif.ee ele-
gant upright grand piano. 324 Golden Gate av.
EE in the fwlra; r»>nt a new piano for $3 per
month. FCOTT-CURTAZ CO., 5C0 Hayes st.
THE WILEY B. ALLEN CO.. 314 Post St..
Hardman. Crnm-er and other pianos.
BARGAIN— GoM piano cheap", installment $5
per month. SCHMITZ. 16 McAllister st.
TV. O. BADGER. 412 Sacramento St.. apent for
FVanc-ls Bacon and Hallett & Davis pianos.
SUPERIOR violini". zithrrs. old and new. H.
MULLER. tr.aker. repairer. 2 Latham place.
REDUCTION sale: new pianos; $5 payments;
for r«-r.t. f? un HHT'ENN. SOS Post st.
OFFICES AXD STORES TO LCT.
EMMA WpRECKELS buVlding~*9?7~MVrket"—
Of floes, light and sunny. $15 to $20 per month;
light. h*-at. Jar.ltor and use of tel. Included.
FMAL"L ftorp; 2 rocms; pood for tailor, shoe-
maker, barbrr; cheap. 621 California st.
TWO stores to rent: one for restaurant, with
furniture; other lor barber shop. CSS Fourth.
TO rent— Modern Ftore: well lighted; 2x140;
rent rwmwiaM*. R8 Hayo« *t. !
r.\LMisTi:v.
NEERGAARD. president of St. Germain Col-
lege cf Palmistry. reaSs from 1 to 8. 61* '
Geary tl.: also by taail.
PERiOMAL).
DR. D. MACLEAN* moved his office to Donohoe
buil<!ir.g. rooms E7 and fiS. phone Folsorn 1651; i
ipsldtnee 1J»O2 Page, phone Fell 7K.6.
RAG carpets wove to order and for sale; also
chenille-wove rugs, silk portieres; dealer in
¦carpet twine, in hank cr cfcain. at lowest*
ra^i". GEO. MATTHEWS. 709 Fifth. Oakland.
LEPERER. the popular hairdres«er. has his
fine parlors crowded this week; service Is so
F'.od they always come again. 1CS Stockton.
JfLIANISM.
Scientific H'-aling.
£19 Golden Gate ave.
THE HUDSON RIVER CO..
HOPKE BROS.
Mattresses and pillows made to order, recov-
ered and renovated: hor.est work guaranteed:
prices d'-fy competition: fine upholstery; phone
E*i»; factory. 3i)> and 3T0 Eleventh Et. : first-
class . >ar>ir.g and dyeing. 12S O'Farrell. near
l»ow«ll. S*.n Francisco.
WHY SUFFER? '
7>rsor.s afflicted with Rheumatism (no mat-
ter r.f how long standing). or any other chronic
d'.f^as*. should call at once at the BANS
K< 'T"CL 1109 Van Ness ave — the up-to-date in-
*t:rjtion fcr treatment. We have 25 years'
> xp^rience. Charces reasonable.
EXSCTBIC lights In every room— Winchester
Hotel 44 Third St., near Market: 700 rooms;
Z\<c to Jl M per night; $150 to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
TRIVATE detective work; reas-mable rates; 10
years' experience. J. D. RAY. 367 Jessie St.
MR? DE VOLL. hairdr^ewr. removed from
436-i to K7 Ellis ft. above Leavenworth.
LKPERER'S Quintonica Hair Tonic beautifies
and softens the hair: 35c bot. : try it.
SUITS to order on Installments: $15 upward;
$1 a week. LEON LEMOS. 111> Market et.,
between Seventh and Eighth.
PILES— 300 permanent cures in Ean Francisco,
who can be seen: no operation: no pain: par-
ticulars «»r.t. Ad. Physician, box 19M. Call.
LF.DERER e^Ms more switches than any other
house. Why? Price Is right: tl up.
EVIT? to order on easy payment*. Art Tailor-
ing Co.. 1644 Mlct.. under Et. Nicholas Hotel.
HAIR quickly curled or waved by using Tal-
cott's curling fluid: 15c a bottle: druggists.
WANTED— Old-fachionM silver, brans, copper
war*: ourios. all d<»scriptir'ns. £15 Dupont Ft.
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna restores gray
hair to Its natural color; tl. at all druggists.
CAFT-OFT" clothing, old gold and silver bought;
F<>r.<l postal. OOLEMAN'S. 5*6 K*arny «t.
PHVSICIAX S~AS 'CT^SURGldoXS^^^
t>R J. H. REEVE. K«4 Kearny. cures by r>c-
triclty Nervous Prostration. Insomnia, Asth-
ma. Rheumatism, Paralysis. Catarrh. Con-
eurr.ption. Kidney and inflammatory cases;
aliases diagno*<"l.
I7>R C. C O'DONNELL — Office and residence,
lftijl'i Market ft., between Sixth and Seventh.
PHOPERTV WASTED.
¦U'E want for a lady the very beet city Income
property that can be had for J8000 cash.
FOWLER & CO.. 141S Call building.
real esxatb—c^v-— j^r^sale.
~ "^"cleanTnvestments.
at a m speck a cos. 6€7 market st.
•200 000— Pay« 6 per cent nrt. near Chronicle.
jiTt'ooo— Pays • P«r cent net; Market «t. ; one
tenant. "¦ . ;-¦¦¦--:
J100. 000— Pays « per cent; Market rt.; alway«
reTited.
J30 000— Pay» 7 per cent; few blocks from
Chronicle. /
•4O.(KXV-Pays J370: srand corner: all rented.
142' 600— Pay* 8 pw cent net; grand corner; one
tenant, lease S yecrs.
«so 000— Rents IK2; new improvements.
$22 '600— Grand *tore property: .0-foot front;
rects COO a month; all rented.
An rfw wanted for elegant 18-room residence;
cZn S29CO0; will *ell for half cost;
No. ISO Post ft. ....
M7.5OO— Oraad investment; 40 ft. front: near
Van Ne*» ave. and McAllister et.;
r*-nts J145.
r»E.P*>— Rent* $145: n*w improvements.
:i»,0V>-Elerant fiats, not far from Van P»eea
ave ; rent* $1,160; only half ca«h.
$10.000— Store property on Fourth «t; one
Muet wU^Two fine flats; « Hyde at., near City
Hall; rentB $75. „
$9.000— Store property, on Ninth «t. near Mar-
ket; very cheap. _ ..
$8,000— Rents $70; new flat* near van Ness
avenue. ¦ »
$4,600— Four elegant Cats cf four room* each;
rents $40. ..
$X.2S0-Mirfinn flat*: rents $310 annually:
near Twenty-fourth st.
J2.S0O— Store nnd flat, near Union Iron Works;
rents $22.
$?,250— Cory 6-room cottage on Castro «t.
A. M. SPECK A CO.. 667 Market Bt.
TTJTTLE:T~e30 MARKET 6t!
J11.0O0— 3 modern flats; lot 32xl37:«: rent $88.
$11.JW-S fiat*; Frederick, near Stanyan;
rrnt $37.
$Xrt0— 4 flat*: Oary, nr. Franklin: rent *$«.
tlliW — 3 up-to-date Turk-fit, flats: rent $87.
lll.ono— J up-to-date flats; F-Illmore.
J4C.V)— 2 flats; rent $45.
$6750—3 modern flats; Grove. n#ar Lyon.
$&-'Vlf>— 3 new flats: Oak; rent $S0.
f£V)O— 3 flats: rent $40.
I66<* — Kleirant new Jt-room home: Westn Adn.
$frf>00 — TJp-to-<lat« 8-room house Westn Adn.
jy>50— N>w *-room house Western Addition.
$S-7Z>0 — Elegant Jackson-st. residence.
$20.000— Up-to-date Paclflc Heights residence.
$15.000 — Rwidence; N. rtde Pacific, nr. L«-
iruna; bargain.
f 10. 000— Cottajje; leavenworth. near Tune.
j26fio_N>w cottage; Folaom. near Army.
r:*»0— Elegant home: Geary, near Franklin.
f7snr»_ New 12-room houw; Western Addition.
j4T,(Vi New "-room house: Western Addition.
$4750— New 8-rootn house; Western Addition.
M25tV-Cottasi»; Haight. near Fillmor*.
FOR sale cheap: business property on Howard
•t.. between Fourth and Fifth. Apply BEW
DRUG CO.. Alamedau
BATXROAD TBAVZL.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY^
Leave San Francisco vt£ Eauaallto Ferry:
WEEK DAYS 9:30 a..m.. 1:45 and 5:1:. p. m.
SUNDAYS. -.8. 9. 10, 11 a. m.. 1:30 and 1:30 d. m.
Fare San Francisco to Summit and return. $1 40
NEW TAVERN OF TAMALPAIS NOW OPEn"
TICKET OFFICES 621 MARKET ST.. "
SAUSAUTO FERRY.
f "^ Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
HI t Ja n, 1 °. r lh6 ' r - llt n"'Otol Private
En / K.ffig Diseases, Lo»t Manhood DfblUty or
'^¦JeWBHl^JsyyT^rtPgo" body and mina and
\$$mkxM *>*ln DUeaBesJl'hf doctorcureswhc u
JBIflMl others fall Try him. Charge* low
Cnrea Kaaranlrni. Oillorwrtt*
Or. J. *•- «IBBO!i, Box l»37.8an FraneUeo
noOMSTOLET — Furn. and Cnfurn.
ROSEDALE House. 319 and 321 Ellis St.— Rooms.
night 26c to $1, week $1 25 to $4; open night.
ROYAL HOUSE. 128 Ellis st.— Incandescent
light; reading room, smoking room and ladles'
parlor; rooms, per night. 35c to $1 50; week. $2
to $S; month. tS to $20: elevator on offlco
floor; rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 2S Eighth St.,
near Market— Furnished or unfurnished.
SIXTH. 1S8 — Furnished eunny rooms: single or
cuites; also rooms for light housekeeping.
THE SOUTHERN— Nice clean furnished rooms;
rent very reasonable. 438 Fifth 6t.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch ofnee. 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
eubscritJtlcns has been established at 1096
Valencia irt.
SPECIAL >'OTICES.
NOTICE to relatives or next of kin to officers
and enlisted men of the navy and marine
corps who died or -were killed In action ashore
or afloat and buried outside of the continental
limits of the United Stales since April 21.
1S98. Next of kin that desire to have remains
sent to a burial place In the United States
should address, before September 21. 1900. the
Bureau of Navigation, Xavy Department,
Washington, D. C, for circular of informa-
tion and instructions. F. W. HACKETT,
Acting Secretary* i -
LADIES— Chtchester'g English Pennyroyal Pills
are the best; cafe, reliable; take no other:
send 4c stamps for particulars. "Relief for
Ladles," In letter by return mail; at <drug-
glnts. Chtchester Chemical Co., Phlladel.. Pa.
PI LES— PETER FREILING'S pile salve. $1 per
box; warranted to cure all cases of bleeding,
itchlnsr, external. Internal or protruding
piles without fail, no matter of how long
. standing. 162S Devlsadero St.. near Sutter.
ROOMS papered from $2 50; whitened. $1 up:
painting done. Hartrcan Paint Co.. 319 Third.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO..
415 Montgomery St., rooms 9-10; tel. 5580.
SEWING MACHINES AXD SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged; re-
pairlne lowest rates; open even. 205 4th St.
BOUGHT, sold, rented, repaired, needles and
shuttles; reduced rates. 145 6th; phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought, sold and repairing guaran-
tepd. Charl«»3 Plambpck. 1915 Mission, nr. 15th.
STORAGE ANIJ WAREHOUSES.
WILSON BROS., storage and moving; covered
vans. Tenth and Market: phone South 762.
PACIFIC Stoiaire and Furniture Moving Cora-
. pany. 2320 Fillmore et. ; phone Jackson 281.
TYPEWRITERS AND SUPPLIES.
GREAT~BARGATXS IN TTPEWniTERS-We
sell better machines for less money than any
house in the city; rentals, $3. The Typewriter
Exchange, 526 California, telephone Main 266.
ALWAYS bargains in typewriters; any make.
Write for prices to L. & M. ALEXAN-
DER. 110 Montgomery st.
NEW typewriters. $3 down. $5 month payments.
REVALK. 4?fl California st.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND NOTICE— Dividend No. S3 (twenty-
five cents per share) of the Hutchinson Sugar
Plantation Company, 'will be payable at the
offlco of the company, 327 Market et.. on and
after Thursday, September 20, 1900. Transfer
books will close on Thursday, September 13,
1900, at 3 o'clock p. m.
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
PROPOSALS.
PROPOSALS for Caskets— Depot Quartermas-
ter's office, 36 New Montgomery St.. San
Francisco. Cal., August 15. 1S00. Sealed pro-
poeals, in triplicate, will be received at this
office until 11 o'clock a. m., September 15,
1900, Pacific standard time, and then opened,
for furnishing 800 caskets. Preference will
be given to articles of domestic production
and manufacture, conditions .of price and
quality being equal (Including in the price of
foreign production and manufacture the duty
thereon), and such preference will be given
to articles of American production and manu-
facture produced on the Pacific Coast to the
extent of the consumption required by the
public service there. The United States re-
serves the right to accept or reject any or
all proposals or any part thereof. Information
and blanks for proposals will be furnlehed on
application. Envelopes containing proposals
will be Indorsed "Proposals No. 69S0 for Cas-
kets," and addressed to MAJOR OSCAR F.
LONO. Quartermaster, U. S. Vols., Depot
Quartermaster.
PROPOSALS invited— Bids for providing and
installing a sewage pumping plant for the
Folsom prison, practically conforming to spec-
ifications now on file with the State Board of
Prison Directors and State Board of Exam-
iners will be received by eald respective
boards at the office of the Board of Exam-
iners in the State Capitol, Sacramento, Cal.,
until 2 o'clock p. m. of October 8. 1900. at
which time they will be publicly opened. The
right to reject any or all bids Is reserved.
Copies of specifications may be obtained from
the clerk of the board at Folsom prison.
Each bid must be accompanied by a certi-
fied check for $2000 drawn on some bank of
eood standing to the order of R. M. Fitzger-
ald, president State Board of Prison Direc-
tors, which check shall be forfeited to the
State If the bid which accompanies such
check Is accepted and the party making the
bid refuses to enter Into a contract and exe-
cute a good and sufficient bond, payable to
the St&te cf California, in an amount to be
fixed by the State Board of Prison Directors,
for the faithful performance of the contract
awarded. By order of the State Board of
PrlBon Directors.
BRAINARD F. SMITH, Clerk of the Board.
MAKBIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were issued
yesterday:
George Howes, 33, 4B Antonio street, and
Kate Dwyer, 34, 4B Antonio street.
John S. Lowden Jr., 39, Hamburg, Slskiyou
County, and Mary A. Ferrieey, 30, Hamburg,
Slsklyou County.
Jerome A. Eisklne, 23, 115 Russ street, and
Pearl Elliott, 1$, 115 Rups street.
Plinio Balzarl, 37, Quadalupe, Santa Barbara
County, and Sofia Bonettl, 32, Guadalupe, Santa
Barbara County.
Angelo Bottlni. 32, 405 Union street, and Oio-
vanr.a Fasclo, 23, 16 Varennes street.
Valente Colorl, 27, Sunnystde, and Sunta Co-
lorl, 20, 431 Vallejo street.
William R. Wells, 22, 616 Franklin street, and
Jennie Hart. 22. 616 Franklin street.
Leonard E. Malnprice, 24, Oakland, and Rose
HorFt, 23. Alameda.
William M. Van Patten, 32, "Walla Walla,
and Rose Whitehurst, 30, Marysvirie.
Henry Rosenblough, 35, 3152 Sixteenth street,
and Paula Ptelnhart. 21, 362 Grove street.
Arthur W. Towle. 23. Towle. Placer County,
and Jennie E. Prewett, 21, Auburn.
Anthony F. Jones, 25, city, and Jennie Pierce,
22. city.
William Mltchel, 24, Petaluma, and Annie
Cari««lniann, 21. city. '
Ell Bryron, 26, city, and May Carvoll, 24,
Fresno.
Hyman Jacobs. 20. Hotel Savoy, and Stella
Echleslneer, 18, 1405 McAllister street.
Christopher Herrmann, 46, . Nineteenth ave-
nue and K street, and Rose Dolan, 45, 1329
Waller street.
John L. Peahl, Si, 1300 Page street, and Hat-
tie G. Jackson. 25. 1300 Page street.
Daniel Farren, 37, 325 Broadway, and Kate
Kusslek, 28, 24 Minna street.
Frank W. Weems, 26, Bakersfleld, and Stella
C. Johnson, 24, Sonoma.
Arthur D. Ryan, 21. 8acram«nto, and Ida M.
Paxton, 19. Sacramento.
Frederick L. Kelly. 24, 124 Leroy street, and
Kate V. McMahon, 20. 1049 Capp street. ¦
James Halloran Jr., 27. San Jose, and Minnie
Nichols, £3. Sacramento. .
James A. Thornton, 42, Healdsburg, and Jen-
nie E. West. 36. Bakersfleld.
William G. Green, 63, Vallejo\ and Emma F.
McCoy. 31. Vallejo.
Robert M. Ferguson. 24. 36 Sharon street, and
Annie A. BIlx, 3L Hanford.
Felix J. Weiler, '25. 1113 Pacific street, and
Louisa Kllr.gmann, 25, 1111 Pacific street.
Charles E. Black, 33, 2635 Howard street, and
Matilda R. von Senden. 21. 685 Halght street.
Frank N. Mills. 21. Bakersfleld, and Adelaide
Vincent, 18. 1900 Webster street.
Marlon Freshour, 47, Treka, and Mary V,
Morro, 44, city. \
Thomas H. Thompson, 23. Alameda, and May-
belle E. Webster, 23. Spokane.
F. -Ernest Edwards, 37. city, and Emma C.
Lawson, 23, city.
Walter S.* Lawson, 24. 773 Guerrero street, and
Ad»lla M. Hollman. 1R. 773 Guerrero street.
BIRTHS— MABRIABES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage . and death notices sent ; by
mall will not be Inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BOBN.
BENSON— In this city, September 5, 1900, to
the wife of William C. Benson, a daughter.
GEISEL— In this city, September 12, 1900, to.
the wife of Eugene E. Gelael. a son.
~ MAKRIEIX
CIPRICO— LACOSTE— Edmund 6. Ciprico an.1
Harriet M. Lacoste. both of San Francisco.
HOKWITZ- LOORYA— In this city, September
9, 1900, by the Rev. Hyman Samuelson, Sam-
uel Horwltz and Mary A. Loorya, both of
San Francisco.
THOMPSON— WEBSTER— In this city, Septem-
ber 9. 1900. at the Second Unitarian Church,
bv the Rev. E. M. 8. Hodgin. Thomas H.
Thompson of Alameda and May belle E. Web-
ster of Spokane, Wash.
WAGNER— SCHWA RZ— In this city, Septem-
ber 6.-1900. < by the Rev. Mr. Emery, Charles
William Wairner and Adelaide Schwarz, : both
of San Francisco.
WOLTER— MORRIS-In this city. September 8,
1900. by the Rev. Hermann Gehrcke. Albert F.
Wolter and Anna M. Morris, both of San
Francisco.
REAL ESTATE — CITY — FOR SALE.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
We have secured choice Richmond and Sun-
¦ set Lots. : >- v
DO YOU WANT BARGAINS? CALL QUICK.
Convenient Electric Car Lines to our Lotfc.
*300 to t* 00 — Sunset Lots, opposite new Music
Stand; graded, only $10 monthly.
$400 to $700— Splendid Richmond Lots, streets
graded and sewered; easy install-
ments.
$75 to $250— Level Lots near Mission Electric
Car Line, only J5 monthly.
$500 to tl.000— Splendid Cottages near Cars.
Payments same as rent.
EOL. GETZ & BROTHER,
Room A, Crocker Building.
MODERN houses built ;lowest prices ;plans and
estimates furnished. Campbell. 1147 Mission.
MISSION cottage; 6 rooms and bath; large lot;
terms to suit buyer. Owner 413 Kearny St.
BUSH, 22.>— Nice, large residence; could ba
turned Into flats: very sunny; 30x137:6; call.
REAL KSTATE COUNTRY For S»»e
AUCTION SALE.
THE LOS MEDANOS RANCHO.
Property cf the L. L. ROBINSON ESTATE.
Comprising about £000 acres of rich farming
land, located near AntSoch, In Contra Costa
County, will be sold as a whole
AT AUCTION,
SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 22, 1900, at 1!
o'clock noon. ¦
At the Robinson home place. Los Medanos-
ptation. near Antioch. This fine ranch has a
frontage of several miles on the San Joaquin
River and is traversed by both the Southern
Pacific and Santa Fe railroads. The stations
of Cornwall and Los Medanos are on the ranch.
At the same time and place will be sold the
town lots belonging to the same estate, located
In Antloch and New York Landing, In quanti-
ties to suit purchasers.
Intending purchasers fi*om San Francisco
should set tickets to Los Medanos.
BOVEE. TOY & SOXXTAG. Auctioneers.
624 Market St., San Francisco.
ACCURATE personal knowledge— each of the
3000 ranches on my SALE and EXCHANGE
list. More than all other agents In this city.
X. P. SICKELS. the land agent. 6 Geary st.
FOR SALE— About 3 acres of land, near Col-
ma. San 'ifrteo County. 445 Valencia »t.
MILL VALLEV REAL ESTATE.
FOR SALE— Mill Valley, cheap, cottage of 8
rooms & bath. Inquire owner. IKS Waller st.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMKDA REAL ESTATE.
FOR INVESTMENT.
4 new mortem 5- room cottages; pay 10 per
cent: beFt location; always rented. Apery to
A. R. l)i:.\KE SR-. 1400 Webster St.. Aiameda.
BARGAINS In improved and unimproved Aia-
meda real estate in all parts of Alameda on
pasy terms. Alameda Land Company. 1500 ;
Park ft.. Alameda: V> font >t..San Francisco.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
$150 CASH. $6 50 monthly: new 3-room cottage;
7-foot basement: fine large lot 256 feet deep;
price all told $630.
$7 M cash. $4 'Jt monthly; U acre excellent
land for $150.
J15 cash. $6 50 monthly: H acre Al land. $235.
$22 50 cash, $9 monthly; % acre superb land
for $3£0.
/ $25 cash. $11 monthly; 1 acre (more can b«
had) for $475.
Fruit vale, adjoining East Oakland; climate,
soil and view the very best; away from fogs
and raw winds; near electric car line and
wide boulevard. Call or send for circular, 455
Seventh 6t.. Oakland; carriage free. H. Z.
JONES, owner.
OAKLAND FUKXITIRB FUK SALE.
AN lntroductlcn to you from II. Schellhaas, the
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
ROOMS FOR HOCSEKEEPIXG.
O?E^TNUT7^37"TOrr^u^nt^Flne f u irnished
rooms for houeekeeping; cheap.
CLAY, 2421. near Flllmore— I large unfurnished
rooms; upper flat; yard; water; rear; rent $7.
HARRISON. T31— Front and back parlor fur-
nished for housekeeping; rent $16; large yard.
EDDY. 915 — 3 or 4 unfurnished sunny rooms; |
conveniences; fine location; private residence.
ELLIP, 621, near Larkln— Newly furnished sun-
ny front room for housekeeping; $10 month.
FOLSOM. E23— Large bay-window front room;
folding bed; all conveniences for light house-
keeping or two gentlemen.
MCALLISTER. 907—8 sunny furnished bay-win-
dow rooms, bath; German family; $1S month.
2 BUNNY rooms complete for housekeeping;
furniture all new. Shoe store, 562 Mission,
bet. 1st and 2d ets.
NATOMA. 450— Two sunny rooms suitable for
housekeeping.
HOWARD. 940 — Three rooms furnished • for
housekeeping, $9; also single rooms; reasonabl.
HOWARD, 2621— Housekeeping rooms; bath and
gas. f*
HYDE.' 40S— Mnr front parlor suite, complete
for housekiTJjpfnr; aleo basement suite. $15.
OAK. lift— Sunny room; large closet; furnished
for housekeeping; $6. Call after 4 o'clock.
6UNNNY-BROOK House. NE. cor! Gough.
Market and Halght— Furnished rooms to let by
day, week or month; also housekeeping; en-
trance 8 Gough Bt.
STOCKTON. 603 — Xlc« sunny furnished rooms
elngle and en suite, with or without board;
also light housekeeping. .
TEH A MA, 62—2 or 3 rooms complete for house-
keeping; reasonable.
TWELFTH. 12, near Market— Three unfur-
nlEhed eunny front rooms for housekeeping.
VAN NESS ave.. 401A— Sunny unfurnished
rooms for light housekeeping.
VAN NESS. 402— Upper floor elegantly fur-
nlrhf-d; 3 rooms and bath; gas range; every-
thing complete; sunny.
VERY eunny unfurnished flat; housekeeping; 3
rooms, laundry. Cor. McAllister and Hyde.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmnre st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been ¦established at 1096
Valencia st.
ROOMS TO LET Porn, and Unfurn.
A— BRUNSWICK House, 148 Sixth— Rooms 25c
to $1 per night. $1 25 to $5 per week, and light
housekeeping; open all night. •
APARTMENTS, single, suite; furnished; rea-
sonable. Et. James, cor. McAllister & Lacuna.
BURNETT. 142« Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-
cished rms.. cuites, single; also unfurnished.
BU8H, £20 (The Elk)— Changed hands, newly
renovated, nicely furn. sunny rms., $1 SO to J7
week; 25c to $1 SO night. MRS. P. RANFT.
BUSH. 717>,4 — Sunny furnished rooms from $4
to $6.
CLIFFORD. 204 Ellis, ccr. Mason-Elegantly
furnished eunny rooms; prices reasonable.
ELEGANT eunny rooms, single and en suite;
superior ta.bb>. Almora, Mission and 20th sta.
ELLIS. €39. corner LarWn— Sunny front room;
double folding bed; Welsbach lights.
FOLSOM. M4— $1 week; large, sunny furnished
room: running water; bath; private.
FURNISHED rooms to let at Park House. 27&
Mission st.
GEARY, 656 — degant sunny front parlor, piano,
light hfkpg. ; suites; other pleas, rms.; phone.
GRAND SOUTHERN, southeast corner Seventh
and Mission ets. — Sunny rooms, en suite or
tingle; ladles' parlor; reading-room; elevator.
HOWARD. 82»— Rooms from $1 week up to $5;
25c to $1 night; also houeekeeping rooms.
HOWARD. 989, cor. 6th— Orlando House— New
management: furnished rms. : suites or single.
HOWARD, 2621— Large furnished room; bath
and km.
LARKIN. 1004, near Post— Newly furnished
sunny rooms; light housekeeping double
rooms $S month.
LAS PALMAS, ISM Market at— Suit* of 3 or t
rms.; private; bath; sin. rms; board optional.
MINNA. 6S7. cor. Eighth— New furnished bay-
window room. $1 per week; transient.
NEAR the park— Nice home; reasonable for I
gentlemen; modern con\'enlence«; reference*
exchanged. Box 4917. Call Offlc«.
THE SOUTHERN , r, .; ¦ j
NICELY furnished and unfurnished rooms ;
terms very reasonable. 438 Fifth st.
O'FARRELL, 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; electric lights; day, wlc. mo.
O'FARRELL, 224 — Nicely . furnished sunny
rooms; modern Improvements; tel. Red 4363.
POST. £27 — Large front room; also one small
furnished; others unfurnished; reasonable.
No. Prize.JNo. Prize.|No. Prize. No. Prize.
409.... 8! 413... S 483... 12 6S3... 20
70S.... S| 877.,. 8 10SS... 20 1090... 20
1312.... k 1370... 40 15C7... 8 1528... 20
1661 8 1822... 1*0 1931... 8 20S9... - 8
2125 ¦ 12 2272... 12 2398... 12 2506... 8
2548.... S 12 2666... 20 2720... 20 2725... 20
2858.... 8 3004... 12 3079... 8 3134... 8
3173.... 8 3221... 1? 3253*.. 12 8345... 20
3374 8 3401... 8 3489... 12 3542... 20
3614 8 3631... 12 3807... 40 4116... 12
4270.... 8 4421... 60 41S0... 12 4515... 12
4712.... 8 472»... .12 4960... 40 5051... 8
5212.... 8 5225... 8 5275... 40 5279:.. 12
5306 12 5324... 12 5422... 8 5557... 8
5588;... 20 D643... 60 5645... 60 5673... 60
5S81 8 5S96... 8 5940... 8 B971... 60
6073.... 8 U402... 12 6415... 20 6543... 8
6604.... 8 6640... 12 6761... 40 6774... 20
6891 60 6318... 8 7341... 8 7350... 12
7423 8 74S6... 12 7507... 20 7563... 8
7570 12 7622... 12 7645... 12 7685... 8
7824.... 8 7838... 12 7976... 8 8034... 12
8096.... 20 8307... 8 8414... 20 8580... 8
8670.... 12 SS03... 20 8817... 40 8S92... 12
8941 12 8942... 12 9258... 20 8277... 8
9378 8 9463... 8 9327... 12 9576... 12
9635.... 12 9682... . 8 9690.^ 8 9773... 12
9783.... 8 9876... 8 9933... 8 10005... 8
10054.... 40 10284... 8 10302... 8 10306... # 8
10313.... 8 10530... 8 10730... 12 107S3... 8
10813.... 20 10867... 12 10984... 20 11097... 20
11112.... 12 1123S... 60 11248... 8 11445... 8
11474.... 12 11541... 8 11751... 12 11775... 8i
11987.... 12 12012... 8 12202... 20 12232... 12
12359.... 8 12380... 8 12443... 20 12530... 20
12532 8 12680... 8 13014... 12 13060... 40
13177 8 13313... 12 13370... 20 13388... 8
13404.... 8 13443... 40 13515..: 40 13553... 20
13707.... 12 13744... 20 14007... 20 14026... 8
14105.... 8 14110... 8 14178... 8 14228... 8
14234.... 8 14334... 40 14446... 8 14619... 20
14706 20 14790... 8 14828... 8 15008... 8
15249 40 15281... 20 15330... 12 15670... 8
15825.... 8 15908... 8 15333... 8 16070... 12
16201.... 12 16208... 40 16432... 12 1651S... 20
16510.... 8 16625... 8 16SS3... 8 16949... 20
17017.... 8 17202... 20 17349... 8 17373... 8
17394.... 8 17439... 20 17682... 8 17691... 12
1S020....- 8 18175... 8 18390... 8 18499... 12
18502.... 8 1S547... 20 18565... 8 18781... 8
18799.... 12 18805... 8 18824... 12 1S8S2... 12
18955.... 8 19054... 40 19C83... 8 19177... 3
19211 8 19400... 8 19473... 8 19601... 20
1S667.... 8 19678... 20 19688... 8 19855... 4»
20020.... 20 20183... 12 20238... 8 20477... 8
20482.... 12 20531... 20 20607... 20 20641... 12
206S2.... 12 20754... 8 21131... 20 21157... 8
21172 8 2U»9... 8 21261... 20 21316... 40
21321 8 21325... 60 21370... 8 21412... 8
21599.... 8 21636.... 8 21676... 8 21754... 40
21851.... 12 21919... 12 21991...- 20 22203... 8
22271.... 8 22273... 8 22359... 8 22362... 8
22437.... 8 22C20... 60 22777... 60 22784... 8
22785.... 8 22794... 12 22928... 20 22938... 2»J
23123.... 8 23207... 20 23257... 20 23373... 8
23538.... 8 23563... 40 23705... 20 23758... 40
23S03..,. 8 24091... 8 24098... 8 24104... 8
24199.... 40 24449... 8 24648... 8 24673... 12
24806.... 40 24911... 12 24995... 8 25010... 40
25023 20 25077... 12 25199... 8 2540«... 12
25434.... 8 254S6... 12 25645... 20 25705... 20
25755.... 20 25762... 8 25819... 8 25957... 8
25960.... 12 25992... 8 26288... 8 28314... 8
26595 8 2659S... 8 26837... 8 26912... 12
27048.... 8 27052... 8 27054... 8 27197... 20
27219.... 12 27297... 12 27398... 20 27482... 20
27478.... 8 27722... 40 27837... 40 27863... 40
27870.... 12 27911... 4O2S059... 20 28316... 12
28337 8 28457... 8 28478... 12 38488... 12
28542.... 12 28738... 8 28874... 60 28985... 8
29010 20 29233... 8 29412... 12 29458... 20
29509.... 40 29568... 8 29662... 8 29782... 2U
30118.... 8 30146... 20S0278... 8 30464... 20
30493...., 20 30531... 12 30581... 8 30961... 20
3105S 8 31074... 8 31129... 8 31247... 20
31359 8 31486... 20 31516... 20 31626... 8
S1712.... 20 31731... 8 31757... 20 31857... 40
31923.... 832112... 12 S22S9... 1232319... 12
32538.... 20 32455... 12 32457... 12 32474... 8
32642.... 12 32S73... 20 328S8... 8 33030... 12
330C9 8 33202... 12 33375.;. 8 33471... 8
33486.... 20 33495... 8 33628... 8 336$$.. . It
33936.... 20 34278... 12 34363... 20 34748... 8
347S0.... 8 34964... 8S5056... 2035071... 20
35084 8 35090... 8 35151... 12 35195... 40
35260 8 35409... ,12 35416... 200 35508... 40
35576 40 35606... 20 35653... 12 35859... 8
35955.... 8 35937... 8 35992... 12 36166... 40
36182.... 8 36212... 8 3S319... 8 36325... 8
36669 8 36729... 12 36734... 12 36775... 8
37068.... 12 37091... 20 37515... 60 37603... 60
37831.... 20 37937... 8 379S7... 2O381TO... 8
38205.... 8 3S24S... 40 3S257... 8 38278... 20
88283.... 40 38431... 8 38459... 8 38469... 8
38687.... 8 38683... 8 38708... 8 38724... 8
38734 40 3S766... 12C8S19... 8 38832... 8
38859.... 8 3S862... 12 39097... 40 39208... 40
39269.... 8 39320... 20 39363... 12 39433... 13
39461.... 12 39668... 12 39703... 20 39731... 20
39744 12 30945... 12 39968... 12 40177... 12
40452.... 12 40940... 20 41043... 20 41060... 8
41168 12 41283... 60 41479... 8 41533... 8
41629.... 40 41634... 12 41872... 8 41943... 60
42007.... 12 42093... 40 42255... 200 42312... 8
42330.... 40 42402... 20 42624... 8 42659... 8
42722.... 12 42758... 40 42S32... 12 42890... 12
42S95.... 12 43055... 12 43076... 20 43129... 12
43173.... 12 43197... 12 43215... 12 43278... 40
433S3 20 43426... 20 43459... 8 43494... 12
43523.... 20 4S702... 8 43709... 20 43791... 8
43861 8 44060... 40 44065k. . 8 44200... 40
44377.... 8 44451... 8 14739... 8 44776... 8
44812.... 12 44S:>3... 40 44865... 8 44990... 20
45021.... 12 45058... 40 45223... 8 45244... 8
45326.... 40 45343... 8 45369... 8 45428... 8
45454 20 43527... R45585... 8 45622... 12
45661 12 45704... 8 45774... 12 45808... 20
45973 8 46030... 8 46049... 40 46199... 20
46204.... 8 46356... 8 46399... 20 46444... 8
46450.... 12 46511... 12 46653... 8 46687... 8
46917.... 8 45936... 12 47003... 8 47009... 12
47220.... 12 47328... 12 47401... 12 47502... 8
47509.... 8 47618... 20 47627... 8 47637... 8
47816.... 12 47882... 8 47960... 8 4S079... S
4R181.... 8 48277... 12 43713... 12 48741 ¦ 8
48774.... 8 48991... 40 49080... 8 49135... 8
49341.... 8 4950S... 8 49554... 8 49599... 20
49604.... 8 4DS05... 12 49631... 40 49638... 20
49720.... 8 49745... 8 49777... 8 49820... 60
49937.... 20 49996... BOO 50144... 12 50264... 12
60301 8 50353... 60 50401... 8 50453... 200
50474..'.. 8 50617... 8 50716... 12 50821;.. 20
50824.... 20 50926... 12 SO968... 12 51030... 8
51068.... 8 51090... 8 51225... 8 G1406... 200
51480 8 51481... 12 51548... 8 51575... 8
61736.... 20 51756... 8 51864... 12151936... 60
51998.... 8 52030... 8 52074... 8152175... ' 12
52242.... 8 52693... 8F2815... 30 52988... 2000
52993.... 20 53009... S 53116... ! 8 53130... S
53346 8 53383... 20 53416... 3153506... 12
53536.... 85354S... 1253737... 8 53783... 8
53S69.... 8 54053... 8M093... 12 54272... 12
54475.... 20 54508... 12 54615... 40 546C?... 12
54741.... 12 54794... 12 54819... 40 51S93... 12
54957 8 5495S... 20 f 5003... 8 55071... 8
B51G9 12 55313... 8 E5369... 20 5575(5... 8
55822.... 12 55846... 8E5S51... 40 5o959... 100u
E6208.... 8 56215... 20 56287... S 56357... 12
56421 8 56464... 12
66468.... 8 66575... 12156624... 12 56948... 8
56965.... 20 57007... 20J57051... 12 57131... 12
67143.... 12 57148... 20 57284... 8 57358... 40
675C6.... 20 5763S... 20157706... 12 57723... 8
57773.... 12 57815... 60 57S93... 40 58023... 20
68245 8 5S299... 8 5S346... 12 58438... 12
68555.... 40 58705... 12 £8797... S 5S895... S
69053.... 8 59108... 12 59143... 8 59189... 8
59217.... 12 59234... 12 53241... 8 59247... 20
59547.... 8 59677... 12 59713... 40 59761... 20
59782 8 59S02... 8 59914... 12 60083... 20
60137 8 60207... 20 60437... 8 60591... 8
60654.... 12 60682... 8 60803... 20 60881... 12
C1032.... 12 61054... 8 61098... 8 61150... 60
61159.... 12 61191... 12 61395... 12 61494... 40
61579 8 61B26... 40161678... 8 616S3... 12
61699.... 12 61751... 8161940... 20 62070... 8
62148.... • 8 62209... 20 62329... 12 62490... 8
62535.... 12 62S91... 8 63033... - 12 63145... 12
63276 40 63313... 8 6336J... 12 63366... 12
63372.... 12 63163... 40 63524... 8 63644... • 40
63695.... 8 63697... 8 63741... 60 63S02... 8
63858.... 12 64009... 40 64282... 12)64431... 8
64434.... 8 64490... 8 645K9... 12,61666... 8
64717.... 12164726... 40 61842... 12 64849... 8
64960.... 12 64377... 12 65139... 20 65158... 8
65351 12 65352... 20|65430...' 12 65462... . S
655W.... 20S5564... M2 65599... 8 6T.729... 8
65989.... 12 66023... 20 6GO41... 12 66111... 20
66251.... 12 66259... 8 66272... 12 66376... 1E0OO
66530.... 8 66709... 20 66S57... 12 67094... 40
67124 12 67193... S 67463... 8 67584... 8
67685.... 12 67720... 8 67721... 40 67799... i,
67S93.... 8 67949... 12 67981... S 63089... 8
68135.... 8 68239... 12 6S360... 12 6S387... 20
68599.... 20 6S621... 60 6S7M... 12 68985... 20
69000 8 6S0S7... 8 63132... 8 63192... 8
fiXKl.... 8 69376... 8 69176... 8 69533... 8
69632.... 8 6t633... 20 6S661... 8 69713... 40
70097.... 40 701SO... 8 70234... S 70384.;: via
70406.... 1270531... 8 70568... 12 70620.. .V 2t>
70742.... 20 707*6... 12 70773... 8 71015... 8
71179 8 7119S... 12 7137S... 20 71446... 20
71521.... 8 71693... 8 71703... 12 71750... 12
71S23.... 20 71897... 8 71916... 12 71938... 20
71943. . . . 8 72077. . . 40 72602. . . 20 72710. . . 20
72768.... 8 72S24 * 72S61... 20 73241... 20
73243 12 73290... 40 73314... 20 73397... "8
73469.... 8 73532... S 73714... 12 73743... 12
,73773.:.. 8 73824... 20 73915... 12 73950,.. 20
74102.... 20 74122... 12 74163... 8 74240... i
74319.... 20 74525... 2074544... 40 74725... 8
74*98 12 75039... 8 75115... 12 75310... 8
75446.... 2O755S6... 40 757J3... 8 75S22... 8
75812.... 12 76132... 12 76192... 40 76309... 8
76329.... 4000 76406... 8 76459... 60 76507... • 8
76552.... 12 76568... 8 76576... ¦¦ ¦ R 765S6... 8
76615.... 8 76SO0... 40 77057... 12 77140... 8
77161.... 8 77329... 8 77414... 8 77526... 12
7732?.... .877560... 40 77S2S... 8 77665..."" 8
77748.... 8 77884... 8 77923... 12 77935... 20
78074.... 8 78117... 8 7S222... 8 7S44I... 8
7S69?.... 20 78864... 12 79022... 12 79335... 8
79433.... 20 79445... 12 79469... 12 79790... S
79SS8 - 40 80000... 12 S0017... 12 80153... 8
801S8.... 20S0244... 8 80278... 8 80479...- 8
8C5S3 ! 20 80815... 40 80871... 12|81202... 8
mSO.;.. 12 81285... 8 81517... 12 S15S7 .'...' 20
81813.... 8 81943... S 82063... 8 ?2128... 8
S2139.... 20S2409... 20 82570... 12 82738... - 12
S2SC6 12 82S52... 12 83089... 12 83117... 12
83146.V.; 12 83155... 8 R3289... 12 83292... 8
f3322.... 8 83327... 8 83370... 12 83476... 13
83633.... -_-¦ S 8SS28... 12|840n2... 20 84042.... X
84193.... 40S4230... 8.84355... 12 84431.:. S
S450C.... 12 845S3... S|84633... 12[S4657... ft
Class I, 1643 and 1645 Notre Dame
Street, Montreal,
The Canadian Royal Art Union,
WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 5, 1900.
Decided by the Numbers of
Month of Septemben
OFFICIAL^ NUMBERS
OF THE
KENTUCKY
LOTTERY
BRAUER— In this city, September 12, 1900.
Dorothy M.. beloved daughter of Charles F.
and Mary H. Brauer. a native of San Fran-
cisco, agod 4 months and 2 days.
BOESE— In this city, September 11, 1900, Lena,
beloved wife of Gerhard Boe3e, and sister of
C. Simmons, a native cf Norway, aged 40
years 7 months and 6 days.
(C^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Inviced to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the parlors of
H. F.'Suhr & Co., -1137. Mission street, be-
tween Seventh and Eighth. Interment I. O.
O. F. Cemetery.
BRYANT— In this city, September 12. 1900, Wil-
liam F. Bryant, a native of Massachusetts,
aged 59 years and 2 months.
CAMPBELL— In thi* city, September 10. 1900,
Klizabeth Mary, wife of W. H. Campbell,
and mother ot Albert T., Alice M. and James
W. Campbell, aged «1 years.
E7The funeral will take place this day
(Thursday), at 3 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 3520 Twenty-third street. Interment
private.
CLARK— In this city, September 9. 1900. Annie,
beloved sister of Patrick J. and the late
John H. Clark, a native of County West-
meath. Ireland, aged C3 years.'
CyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the parlors
cf McAvoy & Co., 1239 Market street, be-
tween Eighth and Ninth, thence to St. Pat-
• rick's Church, where a solemn requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repoee of her soul,
commencinE at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cress Cemetery.
CUMMINGS— In Oakland, at the King's Daugh-
ters' Home for Incurables, 1020 Oak street.
Mrs. Minerind Cummings. a native of Hart-
ford. Conr... aeed 94 years.
DWIGHT— In this city. September 11. 1900, John
L., beloved son of Mr. and Mrs. H. P.
Dwlcht. a native of San Francisco, aged i
months."
FAG AN— In Oakland, September 11, 1900, Ann,
widow of the late Peter Faxan. and beloved
mother of Mrs. H. C. McAvoy and Mrs. Aus-
tin O'Brien, a native of Weatmeath, Ireland.
tC7"The funeral will take place -this— day
(Thursday), at " o'clock, from her late resl-
dance, 1029 Eleventh street. Interment Val-
lejo, strictly private. Please omit flowers.
FOX— In this city. September 12, 1900, Thomas,
beloved husband of the late Johanna Fox.
and father of Joseph Fox, Mrs. C. W. Smith.
Mrs. B. M. Burin and the late Johanna and
William Fox 1 , a native of New York, aged 70
years and 3 months. (Sacramento papers
please copy.)
IT^yFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at S:30 o'clock, from the residence
of his daughter, Mrs. B. M. Burin, 11 Priest
street, off Washington, between Jones and
Leavenworth, thence to St. Brigid's Church,
where a requiem high mass will be celebrated
for the reposa of his soul at 9 o'clock. Inter-
ment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
GALLAGHER— In this city, September 11, 1900,
Hugh W., beloved husband of Jane C. Gal-
lagher (nee Horan), and son of James and
Ellen Gallagher, a native of Calaveras
County. Cal., aged 29 years.
lETFriends and acquaintances are" respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 550 Bryant Btreet, thence to St. Roee's
Church, where a requiem nigh. mass will be
celebrated for the repose of his toul at 9
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
GLEESON— In this city, September 10. 1900,
Martin, beloved eon of Margaret and Martin
Gleeson, and brother of Patrick, Michael,
Philip, Norah, Annie, Josle, Dennis, James
and Daniel Gleeson, a native of Nenagh.
County Tlpperary, Ireland, aged 24 years.
CT'Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the funera 1
parlors of James McMenomey & Son, 1057
Mission street, near Seventh, thence to St.
Joseph's Church, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose ot his soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cress Cemetery.
DIVISION No. 9. Ancient Order of Hibernians-
Officers and members are requested to as-
semble this day (Thursday), at 8 o'clock,
at the parlors of James McMenomey & Bon,
1057 Mission street, to attend the funeral of
our late brother. Martin Gleeson.
J. C. RYAN. President.
P. FLANAGAN. Secretary.
GOGGIN— In this city, September 11, 1900,
Daniel J., beloved son of David and the late
Catherine Goggin, a native of San Francisco,
aged 21 years and 4 months.
C7The funeral will take place this day
(Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock, from -his late
residence, 165 Peralta avenue, thence to St.
Peter's Church, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul.
commencing at 9 o'clock. " Interment private.
HALL— Entered Into rest, September 12, 1900,
James Albert, beloved son of James and
Esther Hall, and brother of Geortre, L.
Thomas S., Alice, Beatrice L. and Arthur
Hall, a native of San Francisco, aged 29
years 4 months and 19 days.
Cylnterment private.
HAMILTON— In this city, September 11, 1900,
David Hamilton, father of Mrs. August A.
Schneider and B. D. Hamilton, a native of
Syracuse, N. Y., aged 60 years 2 months and
20 days. ¦ •
tCT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 9:45 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 618 Steiner street. Interment Mountain
View Cemetery, Oakland, by 11 o'clock creek
• route.
HAMILTON— In the City and County Hospital.
September 12. 1900. Edward Hamilton, a na-
tive of Maryland, aged 32 years.
KOELS— At Peralta Heights, East Oakland,
September 12, 1900, at the residence of Mrs.
Annie V. Johnson, Adolph E. von Koels, a
native of Germany, aged 77 years* 7 months
and 16 days.
KOHN— In this city, September IV 1900, Fred-
erika Kohn, widow of the late Henry Kohn,
beloved mother of Herman, Julie and Lola
Kohn, and sister of N. and B. Goldsmith, a
native of Westphalia, Germany, aged 62 years
and 8 months.
E7"FTlends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral this day (Thursday), at 10
o'clock, from the family residence, 1513 Scott
street. Interment Hills of Eternity Ceme-
tery, by 11:30 o'clock train from Third and
Townsend streets. Please omit flowers.
KONIG— In this city. September 11. 1900.
Charles F., dearly beloved husband of Mary
S. Konlc. and iather of Charles Konlg and
Mrs. J. Wernll, a nRtlve of Baden, Germany,
aged 63 years 7 months and 8 days.
GTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 1:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, southeast corner of Union and Lyons
streets. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery
McKEE— In this city, September, 10. 1900.
David Joseph, beloved son of Ann and the
late Alexander McKee, and brother of James.
Archibald, Alexander and Thomas McKee
and Mrs. K. Frawley. Mrs. W. Hughes and
Mrs. J. Loebblng, a native of Sierra County,
Cal.. aged 43 years and 7 months.
E7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 1 o'clock, from the residence
of his sister, Mrs. J. Loebblng, 329 Prospect
e.venue, oft Cortland avenue, Bernal Heights.
MAHONY*In Tracy. Cal., September 10, 1900.
James W., beloved husband of May Muhony,
son of Daniel J. and the late Mary Mahony,
and brother of Mrs. L. H. Barrlcke and MoJ-
lle F.. Josle. Joseph H. and Rita Mahony. a
native of San Francisco, aged 27 years 5
months and 9 days.
ETThe funeral will take place this day
(Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 649 Third street, thence to St. Rose's
' Church, Brannan street, between Fourth and
Fifth, where a solemn requiem mass will b«
celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery, by train from Third and Townsend
streets at 10:40 o'clock.
MULLEN— In this city, September 12, 1900. Bes-
sie Mullen, beloved daughter of Louisa and
the late John C. Mullen, and sister of Annie
and John E. Mullen, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 1 year 4 months and 11 days.
O'BRIEN— In this city, September 11. 1900.
George A., beloved son of William F. and
Kittle O'Brien, a native of San Francisco,
aged 6 months and 1 day.
PULLMAN— In Oakland, September 12, 1900,
Mrs. Martha Pullman, relict of James Pull-
man, and beloved mother of Mrs. C. E. Pal-
mer. Mrs. F. H. French and Mary and James
Pullman, a native of Sheffield, England, aged
64 years 5 months and 29 days.
E7"FrIends and acquaintances are respect-'
fully invited^ to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Friday)/ at 2 o'clock, at her late
residence. 1025 Magnolia street. Oakland. In-
terment private. Mountain View Cemetery.
SIEGEL— Entered into rest. In this city. Sep-
tember 12. 1900. Jane Fromberg Siegel. be-
loved mother of Mrs. Charles Keilus, a na-
tive' of -London, England, aged 66 years 5
months and 27 days. (London, England, pa-
pers please copy.)
IC^The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Friday), at 10 o'clock, from the residence of
her daughter. 1701 Geary street. Interment
by special car. Hills of Eternity CT*netery.
Friends and acquaintances . are respectfully
invited to attend. Please omit flowera.
SWANTON— In this city. September 12. 1900,
Thomas Swanton, beloved husband 'of Mary
Swantcn; and father. of Lizzie Swanton and
Mrs. Philip Creasor. a native of Balldy Hobb.
Ireland, aged 57 years..
WALSH-In Vallejo. September 12, 1900. Wil.
, Ham -J.,- beloved husband of Agnes Walsh,
father of James and Agnes Walsh, .son of
Honor and of the : late James . Walsh, and
brother of Mrs. Frank Lawrence and Mrs.
R. Wntters, a native of Indiana, aged 35
years 7 months and 3 days. ;
• C7 Friends and acquaintances v.are Invited
to attend the funeral : to-morrow (Friday), at
9 o'clock, from his mother's residence, thenct
to St. Vincent's Church, where a high : re-
quiem-mats will bo celebrated. ¦¦:-.:
Brauer. Dorothy M. Hamilton, David
Boese. Lena Hamilton. Edward
Bryant, William F. Koels, Adolph E. von
Campbell. Elizabeth Kohn. Frederika
Clark. Annie Konig, Charles F.
Cummlnes. Mrs. M. McKee. David J.
Dwieht, John L. Mahony. James W.
Fagran, Ann Mullen, Bessie
Fox. Thoma3 O'Brien, George A.
Gallagher. Huch W. Pullman. Mrs. M.
Gleeson. Martin Siegel. Jane" F.
GoKgin. Daniel J. Swanton. Thomas
Hall. James A. Walsh. William J. '
DIED.
100 uumbers from 66326 to 65128, Inclusive, be-
ing 60 numbers on each side of the number
drawing the capital prize of $15,000— $20.
100 numbers from 76279 to 76379. Inclusive. b«-
insr SO numbers on each side of the number
drawing the capital prize of $4005— $12.
100 numbers from 52933 to 5303S. Inclusive, be-
inr 50 numbers on each side of the number
drawing: the capital prize of $2000' — $8.
TERMINAL, PRIZES.
999 numbers ending with 76, belns the two
last figures of the number drawing the capital
prize of $15. 000-14.
999 numbers ending- with 29. being- the two
laat figures of the number drawing- the second
capital prize of 14000— $4.
The subscriber having .supervised the single
number. Class "I," of The Canadian Royal
Art Union, Limited, hereby certifies that the
above are the numbers which were this day
drawn from the 100.000 placed In the wheel,
with the prizes corresponding to them.
Witness my hand at Montreal, this Wednes-
day, September 5, 1900.
HILAIRE HURTEAU, Ex-M. P..
Commissioner.
The above is for 25c. 50c and $1 tickets In
proportion. ___^^_^^_
No. Priie.lNo. Prize. No. Prize.tN'o. Prize.
M677 12 847*2... S SIS98... 8;S302!>... U
£5050 SS5085... 121S5134... 121S5177... 12
X526O 885273... 8 83238... 12SC34B... 12
S5461.... 8 S54S1... 12J85564... 4.0J858W.;. 21
S3S43.... 4O'S5873... 20|850«4... 2088013... s
86014.... 12:86274... 40S64S1... 12 1S4C7.;. 40
86519 ' 12186639... 8 S6740... 8.86831... 20
f.7013 S]S7057... 12S7069... ;o'S71O4... 40
87124 8187125. .. 8*7254... 2o!*72M... »
872S7 12|S73."!3... 8iS7."24... 12,S"V,3... 20
87512.... 8IS7641... 20|87936... 2O'SV'2J... 40
8SC43.... SISS0S2... 8JHII... 20!s?2U... 8 1
R8326 20JS836S... 13JSS3S4... 40.S8464... 13
SS549 8 SS603... 12I8S870... 8'-WS.',9... 12
J890S.... 40SS115... 600:83135... S;S r Jl77... 8
S91S8.... 12SS9254... 8 1 893-16... 8.SD452... 40
S0J33.... 12J806S7... 8!90f>23... S'W91... 20
901S)6 8902SS... S!903«3... S3.>39;... S
90577 12 90*32... 12 906S0... 20100718... 8
90S47.... 8 9-W72... 40 91042... 1291121... 1:
91138.... 12 91140... 20 91154... 12!9tl«4... 8
91213.... 1291493... 20'91732... 12:91904... 8
913S8-... 1292002... 8192098... 2OI92U9... 8
92121 2092153... 12!922S7... 8192341... 40
92470 12 92512... SI&2547... S192715... 8
92766.... 8 92887... 8IS2906... SjSIWS... 8
93111.... 8 93172... 8!93215... 12I93X7... 8
9350«.... 8 93331... 8|93544... 4093530... 40
93615 JO 93703... 20)93739... 20193815... SO
93S32 8 93841... 12I93S99... 20I941SS... S
94373.... 12 94410... 20 944S6... 12194508... 40
94593.... 20 94503... 20 94622... 40 94647... *
94758.... 12 94771... 8 94919... 8 94336... 20
94947.... 12*95132... 1295153... S95267... 12
954S6 8J9S509... 8195357... 8J95592... 2(10
95666 8'95808... 20135838... 8195863... 12
95931.... 8196050... 8!9fil8S... 20(96433. .. 40
96440.... 12196444... 12196642... 40|966«3... 2*
95666.... 12136887... 20J97017... 40J97067... 20
97094.... 8197136... 6097164... 12.97222... S
97300 2097308... 897431... 8197467... 12
97501.... 4097570... 12197638... 12J&7S04... 40
97808.... 20197807... 20l?7932... 8|97m... 8
97978.... 4O|983O1... 8I9S39S... 12i9<t«7... 12
98526 8193623... 8 38639... 8!9*7<>3... %
98804 8198883... 8198949... »'99O42... 8
99050 8199231... 20199316... 8i99370... 20
99422.... 4OJ99444... 20199551... 8|99581... 12
99617.... 12!936:4... 8|S9S06... 12199853... I
93871 8i I
APPROXIMATION PRIZES.STTPEBXNTEUDENT OF SCHOOLS R H. WEBSTER.
Don't drink the first thing the bartender
offers. Call for Jerae Moore "AA" xrWsi:^
and Insist on ce ttlns It.
The Rainier Beer was pronounced by
the :N. S. G. W. to be the best. ;••
West Goes to Niagara.
Caleb W. West, special acent of, the
treasury, who has been assisting Special
Agent Power at this port for some time,
started yesterday , for Niagara Falls to
take charge of the work at that port.
Divorce Suits Filed.
Suits- for divorce have been filed by
Henry Dechant against Philliplne De
chant for cruelty, Carrie O. Borg against
Edward H. Borg for desertion and Lydia
A. Doyle against Michael E. Doyle for
desertion.
Ladles' tailor-made suits, silk skirts, fur
capes; liberal credit. M. Rothschild. 526 Sutter. *
CARPENTER TOZIER
KILLED AT HIS WORK
The fall of an insecure scaffolding on a
building In course of construction at the
northwest corner of Sixteenth and Mis
sissippi streets, at 10:30 o'clock yesterday
morning, caused the death of A. E. Tozier
and the serious Injury of W. C. Carey.
Both men were carpenters in the.em
ploy of the Pacific Refining and Roofing
Company. Carey being on a scaffold and
Tozier standing on a ladder underneath.
Because of insecure construction the
scaffold gave way and both men were
thrown to the ground. Tozier was found
on the. car track dead, with a fractured
skull. Carey was badly bruised and his
foot injured. He was conveyed to his
home at 27 Washington avenue.
Tozier was 29 years old and lived at 1252
Howard street. He was a widower and
had four grown-up children, two of them
being in Portland, Or.
«=t(=HAT the classes la the public schools
J| axe greatly overcrowded owing to
H the high classification inaugurated
by the Board of Education was
made plain by the report on the subject
by Superintendent Webster, -which was
submitted at yesterday's meeting of the
board. From data gathered by his three
deputies, who have visited the various
arhnois and carefully noted the conditions
therein. Mr. Webster reports that there
are £35> classes which have more pupils en
rolled than there are desks to accommo
date. Many classes contain more
than fifty-five pupils, the limit which has
b^n set by the board, showing that its
order has boon disobeyed by the princi
pals. The Superintendent says in his re
port:
There are 1034 pupils reported as
being without necessary desks, a con
dition most deplorable in view of the
fact that in many instances a proper
classification would remove this la
mentable state of affairs. Health cf
children is threatened by crowding
classrooms and theefficiency of school
work seriously impaired. If the rooms
of the school in which an additipnal
class should be formed be all occu
pied, the congestion should be re
lieved by transferring the children
to the neighboring school, or if this
be not possible, by renting a suitable
place in the immediate neighborhood
of the school. Twenty-eight more
teachers are needed in as many more
different schools. Fourteen other
schools are overcrowded, all of which
¦would be much benefited by addi
tional classes being formed.
There are 170 classes, each having lew than
tt> pup'-le enrollM. and 459. 'each havlns M or
more enrolled, a? follows:
Number of clashes having DO pupils enrolled,
1%, cf which 34 are rceiving classes. Number
r.rvingr .".1 pupil* enrolled. 43; with Z2 pupils.
f.V; S3 pupils. 43: Z* pupils. 55; 55 pupUs- CZ;
ffi pur*'-!*. GO; " pupils, 29; £8 pupils, 28; 55
pv.pils. f'. 60 pupils. 10; 61 pupil*. 2; £2 pupils,
2; C3 pupils. 4; C4 pupils. 1; C7 pupils, 1.
Teachers a.n> trying to adjust their classes
to the new course <~.f etudy. The over-crowded
condition cf the iwms interfere with first
class Instruction. In ir.any rocmf there are
f ! mary pupils that all the recitations ca.nnot
he heard during th» day. Another teacher
thould h* asripnea to the Irvtr.p Scott Gram
mar School. The enrollment of the Irving Scott
Grammar School fhows 79 pupils in excess of
the classification fixed by this office.
In primary classes a smaller class
is not objectionable, as the attention
of the younger children is more liable
to wander, and with them the larger
the class the more difficult the task
cf holding their attention. The class
should never be so large that only
a portion can recite each day. If pos
sible, every pupil should be reached
during every recitation. Pedagogues
can be quoted to demonstrate that
classes such as those being operated
In this city and county are not only
an imposition upon teachers, but an
injury to children, both mentally and
physically.
The report then quotes from leadlne
educational authorities, including Dr. C.
Dukes, P. A. Barneit. Joseph Baldwin,
Kiddle and Schem and Albert M. Raub.
¦who hold that a class should not have
BOLD SWINDLER
BEING SOUGHT
FOR BY POLICE
Mrs. Mary Mitchell, who conducts a
grocery store on Howard court, is the vic
tim of an audacious swindle. Several days
ago a young man for whom the police are
now searching visited her store and in
duced, her to buy two lottery tickets. The
following day he again called upon her
and showed her a telegram which pur
ported lo have been sent by the president
Represented That She Had Drawn a
Big Prize and Induced Her
to Part With Her
Perpetrated Old " Lottery
Trick" On a Con
fiding Womaii.
by the Green Valley Dairy as a milk de
liverer, was ' run down by one of the
Twenty-second-street trolley cars yesttr
day. Newbert waa driving along Vick^
burg street and when crossing Twenty
fourth the eastbound car ran into his
wagon, sutting it in two. The driver was
wagon, cutting It in two. The driver was
When picked up he ¦ was taken to the
City and County Hospital, where he was
treated for several scalp wounds, after
which he was removed to the dairy, where
he resides.
of the company announcing thatshe had
won four thousand dollars.
After congratulating her on her good
luck the boJd swindler told her to put on
her hat and shawl, as he wanted to intro
duce her to the agent of the company, and
that she could get the money. While bhe
was donning her street attire the clever
crook sat down at a table and pretended
to do some figuring. A few minutes later,
when Mrs. Mitchell reappeared, prepared
to accompany him to the office of the al
leged lottery company, he showed her the
figures and Informed the unsuspecting
woman that it would be necessary for her
to "dig up" $28 10 to prepay the express
charges on the amount due her.
Satisfied that the man was as he rep
resented Mrs. Mitchell gave him the money
and with visions of easily acquired wealth
accompanied him to a building on Market
street, where he claimed the local agent
of the company had his office. She was
taken to the upper floor of the building,
where she was told to wait until her es
cort communicated with the "agent."
After waiting a short time Mrs. Mitchell
became convinced that she had been
duped, and with anger In her eyes she
went to police headquarters, where she
told her tale of woe to Captain of Detec
tives Seymour. She described the swindler
as being about 25 years of age and well
dressed. He is supposed to be the man
who recently worked a similar scheme on
several confiding residents of Los An
geles. • • *--:¦. a, •x:--.-."- ; :v
Threatened His Wife's Life.
¦ Mrs. Agnes Benson. 1120 Mission street,
swore to a complaint in Judge Cabanlss'
court yesterday for the arrest of her hus
band, D. P. Benson, a carpenter and
builder, on the charge of threats against
life.
SANTA TERESA USES
HER HEALING POWERS
Fifteen men, women and children af
flicted with some, disease or another per
mitted Santa Teresa, the Mexican girl
healer, to lay hands upon them at Metro
politan Temple last night and all declared
that they .. felt better as a result of the
treatment. The only subject who said he
failed to receive any benefit from the gen
tle touch of the black-eyed senorita was
a man 85 years of age, who has been
blind, deaf and lame thirty-five of them.
Santa Teresa is very mild in her man
ner of ministration to the patients who
present themselves to her to be cured.' It
was too quiet a demonstration, for the
audience which half filled the hall grad
ually thinned out before she had devoted
an hour and a half to her seance. Her
manager then announced that her vital
force had become much weakened in the
treatment of the fifteen cases and invited
everybody to come again.
Most of those present were filled with
doubt, but If the patients themselves are
to be believed they all felt better after
Teresa had applied her magnetic touch.
A man who had suffered with locomotor
atakla for two years walked more brisk
ly off the stage than when he. went on. A
little girl who formerly could not put her
left foot on the ground on account of a
sprained ankle accomplished the feat with
the aid of her mother after being treated.
¦ Other patients who" said they felt bet
ter included John Jose>, <vho has spinal
paralysis; Sarah Less, who has diabetes,
and A. Badgalupl, .who was treated for
paralysis.' A boy- ¦who could barely dis
tinguish objects with his right eye said
he could see more clearly after It had
been rubbed. by Santa Teresa, and a deaf
lady was overjoyed in the belief that she
could hear better than before. She was
treated by Teresa.
Mexican Girl Benefits a Number of
Sick People With Her Gentle
Manipulations.
We are continuously adding to our
framing department new and novel de
signs in framing materials, -superb pat
terns and shapes In ready-made frames
and in all manner of finishes. Dainty and
delicate mouldings at. the most reasonable
prices. Sanborn, Vail & Co., 741 Market st*
Pretty Effects.
The final essay "contest of the League
of the Cross for the Archbishop Riordan
diamond medal will be held In Metropoli
tan Hall next Wednesday -evening, Sep
tember- 19. . The subject Is "Practical
Plans for Temperance Work." Five es
sayists, will compete— Robert McCarthy,
William Weyand, James, P. O'Brien,
Richard Behan, and Gerald. La wlor. The
contestants have already won the silver
medal in their respective -districts. Tick
ets for the affair are free.
Final ' Essay Contest.
Since the adjournment of the two con
ventions It I Is ; apparent to every Intelll-'
gent voter that the proper person to,rep
resent the Fourth Congressional District
is Dr. C. C. O'Donnell. the independent
candidate, as. he has always proved him
self anti-Chinese' and anti-trust. • * ;
The annual council of the Pacific Coast
Regiment . of ; Volunteers of America will
be held in? this" city to-day and to-mor
row. :At night special services will be held
In: the armory of Post No. 1, at 30 Fourth
street. ., . . .-. • . .' . . .
Volunteers of America.
. Finest -Typewriting- Paper : made— Bank • Stock
PapeT. Mysell-Rolllns, 22 Clay at., makers. •'
Peter Newbert, a.' young man employee!
Bun Down by an, Electric Car.
more than thirty pupils. Relative to the
classification which the board has forced
upon the schools Mr. Webster recom
mends that three teachers be engaged for
the Agassiz and Haight Primary schools;
that at least seven desks be placed at the
Bergerot School for pupils now unprovid
ed with them; that at least twenty addi
tional desks be furnished the Bernal
School for pupils now unaccommodated;
that twenty additional desks be placed
in the Broadway School, and that an ad
ditional teacher be assigned thereto; that
an additional teacher be assigned to the
Buena Vista School, as parents are unable
to secure accommodations In the Colum
bia Grammar School, which is overcrowd
ed.
Continuing, Superintendent Webster
says:
Additional desks should be placed in the Ir
ving School and its interests would be well
perved by placing an additional teacher.. Addi
tional accommodations for the Chinese school
could be used. I recommend that such be
r-rovided ami an additional teacher be as
signed.
Th» Clement Grammar School is too crowded
Sixteen additional desks ar» required for the
Hrve'.and School, as the classification I« too
crowded. Sixty-eevfn pupils are reported as
not having seating accommodations at the Co
lumbia Grammar School.
In th<? Cooper Primary School the four grades
are very crowded, each containing sixty-three
pupils. There are eistht classes having: over
fifty r-upils. This classification might be ad-
Justed by the transferring of some of the pu
pils to the Hancock Grammar School. Thir
ty-eight pupils are unprovided with desks and
crowded in the Crocker Grammar School. I
recommend that at least one additional teach
er be assigned to this school.
The classes of the EVnman Grammar School
arc crowded. At the Douplass Primary School
pupils applying for admission are refused. I
recommend the formation of an additional
class.
The Dudley Stone Primary School Is crowded.
I recommend the formation cf an additlcnal
class at the Kmerson Primary, where thirty
two children are unprovided with desks; also
the formation of an additional class at Everett
Grammar School, where fifty-one pupils are re
ported as being without desks.
The Fairmount is crowded and In need of at
least twelve desks.' There are two rooms pro
vided with desks of a very flimsy character,
many of which are In such a condition that
they have to be propped up with stirks, and
it is not uncommon, as has been prevloualv re
pcrted to your honorable body, for the children
to find themselves upon the floor, the seat giv
lr.p'away without any warning.
I recommend the appointment of one ad
ditional tescher at the Franklin Grammar
School. At the Fremont School twenty-nine pu
pils are reported to be without desks. One ad
ditional teacher could be well employed here.
At the Garfleld School forty-six pupils are
reported as heing without desks. I strongly
recommend the appointment of another teacher
at this school.
I have ppoken of the Haijrht In connection
with the A cays i7. School. Two rooms In that
buildins are unoccupied notwithstanding the
In operation in that school are reported as '
being unprovided with desks. Three additional ;
teachers could well be employed In the Halght I
end Arasslz schools.
Hamilton Grammar School la In a most
crowded condition, nineteen pupils being re
ported as beinjr unprovided with seats. I recom
rr.t-nd the establishment of a new class In this
school.
Classes In the Hawthorne are crowded, and
the Hearst Is crowded In some classes and
the grade:- appear to be excessively divided. !
The Horace Mann Grammar. Lincoln Gram
mar end the Xoe Valley schools are very ;
crowded and additional teachers could be well •
employed. !
Additional desks should be given the pupils
of the Humboldt School, whose classes are
crowded. The classy are altogether too larjre
in the Irving: Prlmaiy- It should be borne in
mind that half of the ofcililren in this school,
as well a* in the Lafayette and the Garfl>l<i,
are unable to Fpeak the English language,
therefore the establishment of small classes In
these schools Is most imperative.
I recommend another class for the accommo
dation of the children attending the Irving
Srhool. In a cla^s of the Jefferson School, the
number of children enrolled is renorted to be
thirty-six in excess of the desks provided for
their accommodation. An additional class
might well be formed in this school.
An additional class should b« formed at the
John Swett Grammar School where the en
roiled pupils are forty-seven in excess of the
number of deyks.
I recommend that additional accommodation
be Riven the Lafayette School and a new class
formed.
Much more effective work would be accom
plished in the Longfellow with one more teach
er assigned to the school. The enrollment of
the Marshall Primary Is fifty-eight In excess
of the number of desks, therefore pupils ap
plying for admission cannot be accommodated.
One additional class Fhould be formed for the
accommodation of the school. The Mission
Grammar School is in a crowded condition and
the services of an additional teacher could be
well employed.
The enrollment of the Moulder Primary is
reported to be forty In excess of the number of
defkn. An additional class should be formed
in this irchool.
Pacific Heights School should have at least
one additional teacher in view of the fact that
pupils applying for admission are refused. I
recommend that an additional teacher be em
ployed In the Park Primary School.
Th<? Peahody Primary fichool le crowded and
an additional class could be- formed to the bene
fit of the fichool. In the Sherman the smallest
class numbers fifty-three. Additional accom
modations should be prot'tded for this school.
I- recommend the formation of an additional
rlaFE at Srrlnr Valley Grammar School: also
an additional class at the Starr -King School, ;
in whose classes there are thirty-one enrolled ,
pupils unprovided with seats. Additional desks
bhculd be provided for the pupils at the Sunny
eide School and an additional teacher assigned
¦ to the Sutro Primary School.
At the John W. Taylor School new pupils'
desks are needed. The classes in the Washing
ton Grammar and Whittler Primary Schools
are very crowded. It would be well to asslgrn
an additional teacher to the Whittler Primary
School.
At the conclusion of the reading of ths
report Chairman Mark stated that the
only difference between the classification
of Webster and that of the board was
that the former figured on the enrollment
and the latter based Its figures on the
average number belonging: to a class. To
this Webster replied that accommoda
tions must be provided for children who
are enrolled whetlier thfy attended school
everyday or not. "Webster called the
board's attention to on? class which has
Fixty-seven pupils and ten that have sixty
pupils.
*1 admit that bohip of the classes are
overcrowded." paid Mark.
"I know that the best work Is done
where the classes are most crowded." In
terjected Denman. which statement-Web
ster characteriaed as paradoxical.
<fi\ JT» rs. GRACE MARIE DICKMAN
/WVy and Charles K. Dickman are dl-
II JA \ vorced. On the 21st of August
% the case was tried . by Judge
Bahrs behind closed doors. Dickman was
charged by his wife with infidelity. How
ever, he' failed to appear,' and the case
went by default. Sinoe the decree was
granted the matter of divorce has been
kept extremely quiet. The case was with
held from the records, and if it had not
been for chattering intimate friends if is
probable that for some time to come the
world would have been Ignorant of the
fact that the Bohemian Club man and his
talented wife had been legally separated.
Both of the Dickmans are well known
both in social and artistic circles. About
seven years ago Mrs. Dickman was the
reigning musical favorite here and took
leading parts in all the society amateur
operatic performances that were then so
popular. Shortly after husband and wife
left for Europe, he to study art and she
to study music, and this artistic pro
gramme both Mr. and Mrs. Dlckman car
ried out to the full. A few months ago
the Dickmans returned after their long
sojourn in Paris, and almost the first
thing their friends heard of them was the
fact that Mrs. Dickman was seeking for
a divorce from the husband she had been
married to for twelve years.
Neither Mr. nor Mrs. Dickman will re
turn to Europe. Mrs. Dickman is pre
paring to teach singing in the latest ap
proved methods as represented by Jull
anni and Bouhy, her masters. Mrs. Dick
man has opened a studio in the old Press
Club rooms on California street.
MRS. GRACE DICKMAN AND HER DIVORCED HUSBAND.
BILLS APPROVED
BY REGENTS AND
ORDERED PAID
Bills against the University of Calfornia
amounting to $30,146 05 were approved and
ordered paid by the Board of Regents at
their meeting yesterday afternoon in the
rooms of the Mark Hopkins Institute of
Art.
The reading by the secretary of the long
list of bills brought on a mild tiff between
Judge Wallace and General Barnes, which
ended in a victory for the military re
gent. The general seldom has an oppor
tunity to attend the sessions of the board,
but when he does he enters into the work
with all the ardor of a .man just elected
to office. ' Judge Wallace makes the proud
boast that he has attended the meetings
of the regents for the past twenty-five
years, and when an attempt is made to
Introduce innovations which tend to do
away with the dyed-in-the-wool practice
of the board he strongly opposes the
change. An illustration of Judge Wal
lace's dislike for changes in the regular
order of business of the board was given
at yesterday's meeting. Each regent held
in his hand a typewritten list of bills and
as the secretary called out the name and
the amount due the members would check
it on their list.
General Barnes saw the futility of such
a course and threw down his paper in dis
gust. He sarcastically suggested that the
vouchers also be read. He whispered to
Arthur Rodgers and to President Wheeler
and the latter agreed with him that the
course being pursued was not only useless
but a waste of valuable time. The gen
eral expressed himself in the matter, but
as Senator White, who was in the chair,
said he could not change the order of
things unless a motion was made the gen
eral pointed out the uselessness of read
ing the amounts by calling on the secre
tary to read the items of each bill. This
course was pursued for a few minutes,
when Regent Hellman, who saw that the
reading would consume several hours,
mildly protested. He stated that the bills
were first signed by the president and
secretary of the university and then
audited by the finance committee. He was
opposed to the long agony. Then Regent
Poster explained that the course being
pursued was unnecessary and was not
countenanced in business circles. Judge
Wallace tried to show the value of having
the clerk read the long list and spoke
about precedents set by the board. He
said it was a proud boast of the board
that 10 rents had not been lost in twenty
five years and that when he went before
the Legislature he wanted to be in aposi
tion to stale that fact. Genera! Barnes
in replying to the Judge cited the case of
a certain Senator from California who
thought it was' his duty to read every bill
introduced in the upper House. As there
were 14,000 bills introduced since January
he was still engaged in reading them. The
general also twitted the Judge about the
10 cents that was never misspent, and he
said the world would never hear of it.
He therefore made a motion that the
reading of the bills be dispensed with.
Eleven members voted in the affirmative
and Judge Wallace in the negative. Hav
ing succeeded in his play for new meth
ods. General Barnes moved that the ac
counts presented by the finance committee
be approved and paid, and his motion pre
vailed. Thus the entire matter was set
tled and the regents were able to go into
executive session and discuss matters of
moment to the university.
President Wheeler moved that thc
maintenance of the summer school be
kept up for the next summer and that the
Regents guarantee the payment of sal
aries up to $4500. The motion was carried.
President Wheeler expressed the belief
that there would be irom seven hundred
to one thousand students in attendance
the coming summer.
The assets of the University of Califor
nia as read by the secretary are: Princi
pal, $1,959,114 04; Lick Fund, S90.01S; D. O.
Mills Endowment, $100,000; Michael Reese
Library Fund. $00,000; Edward Tomkins
Endowment, $47,182 63; University Medal
Fund. $4144 55: T. J. Walton Memorial
Loan Fund, $2399 02; Wilmerdlng Endow
ment for the School of Industrial Arts,
$400 000; accrued interest, $38,169 86; Whit
ing Fund. $20,003; E. A. Denicke Library
Fund. $1000; Le Conte Memorial Fellow
ship, $9320 33, and C. B. Houghton Scholar
ship. $3069.
Business was transacted as follows:
The resignation was accepted of Arnold V.
Stubenrauch. clerk to the director of agri
cultural experiment stations. C. A. Colmore.
formerly of the Santa Monica forestry station,
was appointed as Mr. Stubenrauch's successor
at $900 per annum from September 1.
The resignation of S. W. Hemenway as in
structor in mechanical and architectural draw
ing in the Wilmerdlng: School of Industrial Arts
was accepted, to take effect October 1. and
John McHenry was appointed as his succes
sor at $"5 a month.
Ralph CurtiM was appointed student assist
ant in astronomy at J23 a month, to succeed
S C. Phlpps, whose resignation was. accepted
to date from August 14. The resignation of
B. F. CoddlnRton as fellow In astronoT.y was
accepted. Herbert Meredith Reese was ap
pointed to succeed Mr. Coddlnjfton.
J. P. Nourse, A. B., Stanford, '96, was ap
pointed reader in Greek.
Henri Theodore Antolne Hus, B. S. "97. M.
S. '99, of the University of California, was re
appointed honorary fellow in French, to serve
without salary.
Michael Onserth was appointed reader In Ger
man, with a ralary of $33 33 a month from
August 15.
J. Hatfleld Gray Jr.. B. S.. instructor in
chemlsy-y. was granted an indefinite leave of
absence without pay.
J. S. Bright was appointed student assistant
in civil engineering at $25 a month for eight
months from September 1. 1900, to succeed
Frank L. Burckhalter. resigned.
An appropriation of $15 per month waa made
to pay for the services of a curator for the
Alaskan museum in the east nave of the ferry
building.
The following members of the Board of
Regents attended the meeting: Senator
Stephen M. White, T. J. Kirk, Ernst A.
Denicke, Benjamin I. Wheeler, W. H. ; L.
Barnes, A. W. Foster, Phebe A, Hearst,
I. W. Hellman, J. F. Houghton, Dr.
George C. Pardee. J. B. Reinstein, Arthur
Rodgers and W, T. Wallace. An adjourn
ment was taken until next Tuesday after
noon at 2 o'clock, • .
Made — Adjournment Taken
to Tuesday.
Several Resignations of Minor Posi
tions Accepted and Appointments
University.
Numerous. Accounts Settled
by the Directors of the
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 13, 1900.
GRACE DICKMAN IS
NO LONGER A WIFE
Judge Bahrs Grants Her Petition
':)- for a Divorce From Her Artist
Husband, Who Defaults.
HE PROVES SCHOOLS
ARE OVERCROWDED
More Teachers.
Superintendent Recommends the
Appointment of Twenty-Eight
12
SPECIAL SALE!
Thursday— Friday— Saturday.
Economical housewives who
want to live well will find our
store the great depot for good
pure food and low prices. .
Sardines — Triat Boneless,"
is 20c, is 25c
Regularly !3c and 30c.
Crystallized Ginger, £, 25c
Regularly 20c a pound.
Wood Alcohol, g^ i.ssf-
For burning. B -,-*"-
Regularly 45c and tl 50.
COCKtailS " Velv et>ipts pints qt?
vuuftiailS, Brand" 20C 4e e 75c
Whisky. Manhattan, U * wC 7OC
Martini. Gin. etc.
Made from choicest Ingredients.
Regularly 23c, 50c, St 00.
Ideal Mush, 4 pkgs....25c
A delicious food for bieakfast.
Cooks quick.
Regularly 3 for 23c.
Pickling Vinegar, SSf::::ioc
Helnz's pure white wine vln«?ar.
Regularly 2fle and TSc.
Coftee, Ideal Brand, i 55c
Most satisfying: brand foi» particular folks.
Roast or ground.
Regularly 3."^ a pound.
Cigars, Key West—
Rosa de Santa Clara, each 12' c
Box of 23 9U.75
A six-inch clear Havana cigar.
Regularly 3 for £0c and $3 f.o a box.
All the popular brands of 5c cigars. 7 for 23c.
Country Ordere Solicited -Catalogs Pwe.
39 STOCKTON ST., near Market.
(Old > number 21 Stockton st)
TELEPHONE MAIN 5C23. V>'
Opera Glasses
20% Cut,
Including Lernatres. with mnd without handle*.
Oculists' prescriptions Oiled. Factory oa
premises. Quick repairing. Phone. Main IX
0PTICIANsOlr«£r*
642 Market 5t. instruments
uwotR chronicii BUH0IN&. Catalogue Free.
DR.MCNULTY.
riTUS WELL-KNOWN AND RELIABLE OLD
L Specialist cure* Blood Poison. OonorrhoBa.Gle*t»
stricture, s«-niiiutl Weakness. Impotrnce and tbetr
allied Disorders, nook on Diseases of Men free
OverCOyearVexperieiice. Terms reasonable. Hour*'
9to3dalljr;6:30toS.30e» 1 c*. Sond.ivs.10 to 12. O>n*ul*
tattoo freeandsacredly confidential. Call or address
P. ROSCOE aieXXlTY, 31. D.
586H Kearny St., Man Fraqeiaco* CsL
O 1 rr ; n f\\l I I Corner Fourth and
CAFE HOiftLs?*^
5c. Overcoats and
Valises checked free
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMUNA " BITTERS. THE
*-» great Mexican remedy; give* health and
•trength to sexual organs. Depot. 3Z3 Market.
LADIES' WRAPPERS
ON SALE TO-DAY
AT
FLANNELETTE WRAPPERS, made
of. b«st Vicuna Flannels, neatly
trimmed with braids, a large as-
sortment of colors, sizes 32 to 46;
these wrappers are sold all over
the city at $1 50; we sell them
to-day at . ... ... . 98C
PERCALE WRAPPERS, waist and
sleeves lined, trimmed with braids,
sold elsewhere at „• $1 25, our,
price . i . . . ; v '¦;. 93C
Bestquality PERCALE WRAPPERS,
collar, cuffs and .bretelles, trimmed
with, linen lace, waist and sleeves
• lined; sold elsewhere $1 75, our
price . . . . .-;¦"/. $1.23
Small lot of WRAPPERS, in- navy
blue and black and white; will
close them to-day at 5()C'each.
I Special in Dressing Sacques.
LADIES' DRESSING SACQUES In 1 Red. Pink
' or Blue; sizes. 32 to 44; on sale to-day at
Wic. Sold elsewhere at $1.00.
i silkI/aists.
A CHANCE BUT ENABLES US TO PIMCE
vON SALE TO-DAY ABOUT 7 DOZEN
SILK WAISTS made i of the best Taffeta
and In the newest corded and tucked effects.
• These ."Waists If bouKht In a • regular - way
could . not be ' sold under $6.00. . We place
them on sale to-day at $3.73 each.- : ;
Our regular J3.50 CHILDREN'S JACKETS in
Red and Navy Blue.' all sizes; -on sale at ''¦
- $1.05. ._ ¦- . .¦;...-.-¦¦ r-.j
"We are showing: - the prettiest, daintiest and
newest effects In CHILDREN'S HEAD-
WEAR that the manufacturers of the coun-
try could produce. Notice window display.
IHOSIERfSPECIAL !¦
Our • regular 25c ? CHILDREN'S . HEAVY OR
FINE RIBBED HOSE, double knee, "• heel
and • toe, lull finished and fast black; will
sell you an; many pairs as you < want • to-day
only at 13c palr..__
Just received our Fall line of LADIES'
WORSTED HANDMADE SHAWLS and
SKIRTS. CHILDREN'S' . WORSTED
SACQUES, BOOTEES, LEGGINGS. MITTS,
, ETC. To-day, we sell handmade Children's
Worsted Bootees 10c each. r
1212-1214 MARKET ST.,
: * .¦ Bet. Taylor and Jones. - , ;
Manufacturers : of Ladles' and Children's
Wear retailed at wholesale prices.'
¦ Hale's. j Hale's.
is correct millinery
'jy^^y-^f^^^^^t^^/^'- ' *W?P t ' ltre ' s 50 much that is exclusive,
&M* dashy, stylish rind beautiful in our
4: i tSK8|W|^^S!S5r^, !^-^P . W*l* trimmed hats that they can he
M^^S^SSa^Si^f^T^' '•WS? P icke(1 ou * at a glance as fashion's
>"/ :¦>'¦ li^^iBWw^ Jpl^ favorites, just a little more tone
'$£-£>^WKmES&B&j&& •'W&&' * n^ c -*" Cf J us ? a '* ttle newer in fash-
'.'•.}¦' '¦'¦ J^^pSt^SSSSS%tik^k^^^SJ'' lon > J ust a little better in making,
• •.•/;•:¦.¦¦• •• - 1 -^ ¦%gC^W9k&7~vkn%&?-- > ' ' ]Ust the littIc som ethin?:3, make this
'•:•/ "^ ;Sifi8y$El§£ " s ! ore thc P !ac ? tr> bu - v hat5 - >t's the
'i-j $^fWMJ i J%% : ' littlc detaiU in the hat she wears
' : ''' that makes or breaks a woman's
' /^oIbI^ 7 ''''' ''^ reputation for beauty ami cb.in-
d n^Pv^''-^f' tjness. it's right here that our mil-
J^^ v several new mtfdsls on
the mast remarkable offering of fancy yokings in the
recent history of this store.
the powers of calculation often go awry, and sagacity often hhs a
snag, the importer of these croo<ls imported beyond his outlet, maturing
obligations roused him to quick action in order to avert a possible dis-
aster later, he knew the big outlet of thi L; store and sought its help, the
bid came from us, the acceptance from him.
that's why we are selling these beauliful goods at
halt price — or vary near it.
they are all hiRh-class novelties, some are tucked and handsomely
embroidered. others have insertings of pretty lace between rows of fine
tucks, still others have alternating rows of embroidery and lace in ex-
quifite effects, the errors are pink. blue, lavender, nile creen. cerise and
I yellow — also black, white and cream, thc importer told us. and we
know it to be true, that they were intended to sell from $1.50 to '$3.00
the yard.
Giioose where you will for $1,15 per yard,
handkerchiefs. neckwear-
ladies' handkerchiefs — fine sheer hand-made net scarfs, with honi-
centers with borders of imitation ton and renaissance braid ends in
duchess lace in the beautiful fleur A> new effects — cream and white — at.. |
lis pattern — each 1.1c- 48c, 7."c and OSc
every day brings something new for the cloak
and suit store.
autumn leaves will soon flutter, you reed no word of admonition
from us that it's time to think of heavie" outer garments, but this an-
nouncement of our preparedness in the matter of fall wear may be help-
ful, we've been diligently at work for months gathering this splendid
. stock, prices are. so._lmv that any who have a need can reach them, two
hints:
fine ker?ey capes — 30 inches nobby kersey jackets — in black,
long — : black and all the correct new tan and castor — satin lined through-
colors — lined with silk serge — out — made with large lapels — trim-
trimmed with twenty rows of me-1 with silk stitching arid six
stitching — new stvle satin-lined pearl buttons — winter weight — Drice
hood— price .' $10.00 .ffT.3O
ADVERTISEMENTS.
PAINLESS §
DENTISTRY 1 1
Kvenlnss until 9. Sundays an * H
Full Set of Teeth, pain- A §3
lees extractions free..* i.OO op . Eg
Gold Crowns. 23-k *>3.5O op I |l
'Fillings 2Senpf ¦
' Teeth Without Plates Our t ra
¦ Specialty. We give gas. f f|
"VAN VROOM,"\
tOOt MARKET, B
SIXTH and MARKET. I
A
TREAT
SMOKERS
Just received :
First shipment to this market o*
Imported Havana cigars madefron
new crop tobacco ".t'
¦New sizes of Carolina— Africana-
Manuel Garcia— Villar y' Villar anc
more of those big
.Rosa Aromaticas at 12k i
4)2 Pine 232 Sutter 2S00 CtllfornU San Franc! so-
1073 Clay between Eleventh and Twelfth Oiklan 4
Stewart Banjos,
Bauer Guitars
and Mandolins.
Every one of these celebrated in-
struments is numbered and regis-
tered and bears a signed guaran-
tee from the manufacturers.
Stewart &. Bauer alone pursue
this policy of guaranteeing their
i goods. Furthermore, every in-
strument is individually made by
Kkiiled workmen who nave years
and years of experience. See our
Hpprant stock of these Banjos,
Guitars find Mandolins and you
will appreciate their absolute su-
periority.
Sherman, Clay & Co.,
Steinway Piana Dealers,
Cor. K«trny and Butter rt«., S. F.
Cor. 13th and Broadway. Oakland.
Cor. 3d & Morrison ets., Portland, Or.
711 Second av*>., Seattle, Wash. ¦