no_textJ^is Opinion.
Young Fiddleback— Are you going
around to Miss Muffin's to-morrow night,
lirs. Von Blumer?;
Mrs. Von Blumer— She gives a chaflng
iish party, doesn't she? -iV^
Fiddleback— Yes. . -..."'
Mrs. Von Blumcr — We may. Are you?
Fiddleback (smiling)— Well,; hardly.
Mrs. Von - Blumer— Why, I 'thought you
were fond of -Miss Muffln. :
Fiddleback— 1 -am,; But not of her
chafing-dish parties. < -
Mrs. Von Blumer— You mean — -
Fiddleback— I ¦/ mean the ." chafing-dish
part. ¦_ - :~
Mrs. Von Blumer— Tou don't like that?
Fiddleback— Well, I can stand a good
deal, but the concoctions Miss Muffin gets
up in that instrument: of torture are too
much for_ me. ; ' -' _ ..
Mrs. Von Blumer— You are too hard on
her, I am sure. '¦ -.
Fiddleback— Hard on her, do - you ' say!
Well. I guess she is pretty hard-on the
rest of her victims.
Mrs. Von Blumer— What particular dish
of hers don't you like? -. ;
Fiddleback— \Vell, I can't say that I am
partial to any of them.; I' ve tried . them
all, and there isn't much choice. Her lob
ster Newburgh'. cans produce about as
much, complex agony as anything else.
But I think for suffering long drawn out,
for steady, unintermittent, able-bodied
pain, her Welsh rarebit takes the blue
ribbon. Have 'you ever, tried Miss Muf
fin's Welsh rarebit?
Mrs. Von Blumer— Oh, yes, indeed!
Why, I have been giving her cooking les
sons for the last six. months!— Harper's \
Bazar. ...
AN OBLIGING LANDLORD.
SEEMED THAT WAY TO HER
"Have you read 'How Men Propose'?"
"No; I never did care for fiction."
/f/s £iu(e Jcke.
A gentleman walking: along the streets
of London on.aTecent muddy day sud
denly stopped and began turning over the
mud with the 'point of his umbrella. ,IIe
had not been occupied thus for many min
utes before a street arab came a"ong, who.
after watching the operations for a short
time, broke out with: "I say, guv'nor.
what are you looking for?**
The gentleman looked up and quietly re
marked: "I'm looking for a sovereign, my
boy."
'•You are, eh? Then I'm with you. gov'
nor," and the urchin fell to scraping in
the mud with his fingers for all he was
worth. Soon a second boy came along,
asked the same question, received the
same answer and fell to in the same man
ner. Then a third, a fourth and a fifth
appeared, and so on, until quite a large
crowd joined in the search and kept at it
with amazing perseverance.
At last, when every available scrap of
mud within a radius of aX least five yards
had been turned over two or three times,
the crowd began to grow restless and the
first boy turned to the gentleman and
asked:
"I say, gov*nor, where did you lose that
sovereign?"
"My boy." remarked the gentleman,
calmly, as he walked away, "I have not
lost any sovereign. I never said I had.
I was merely looking for one."— London
Titbits. ~ . o-. -
RIGHT.
Schoolteacher-What little boy can tell
me where is the home of the swallow?
Bobby— X kin. please. -
Schoolteacher— Well. Bobby?
Bobby— The home pf the swailow is »he
stummick.— Tit-Bits.
ANOTHER ON CHICAUO
The Philadelphia!?.— Isn't the mud on
this street a trifle deep?
Chlcagoan (proudly)— Peep? It is the
deepest mud on any paved street in the
world.— Indianapolis Press.
KOT A POWER.
"Have you never had an ambition to
:ake rank among the European powers?"
"No/" ansvrered the Sultan of Turkey,
"my Government Is perfectly content to
drift along and be tolerated as cne of
Europe's little weaknesses."— Washington
Star. ; -:'*-:--«-- '-".i
THE SUNDAY CA LJL.
2
Prospective guest— Where are the golf
links?
Proprietor of the "One-Horse Hotel"—
What are golf links, young man?
Prospective guest— What are golf links?
Doesn't your advertisement say "boating,
fishing and golf?" And you don't know
what golf links are? , "
Proprietor— Well, I put in the adver
tisement because I thought some folks 'a
like to play golf, an' I had no objection
to 'em doin' it, but I thought they'd bring
along whatever they needed for playln'
the game.— Brooklyn Life.
IN THE SANCTUM.
Copyreatfer— Here's a four-column story
on germs In drinking water. "What shall
I do with it?
Editor-Kill the germs. '>
Copyreader— Kill the germs?
Editor— Yes; boil it down.— Syracuse
Herald. : ¦
RANK INFIDELITY.
Divorce Lawyer— You say you want to
sue your husband for divorce on the
ground of infidelity? "Woman— Yals. sah.
De mlsabul Infldul say he doan' believe de
whale evah swallered Jonah, or de^ani
mals went into de ark, or nuffln'.— Judge.
TOUCHED. .
The Pastor— Don't you think I touched
them rather deeply this morning?*
The Deacon— I don't know. I haven't
counted up yet. — Indianapolis Press.
. "Grafter must have turned over a new
leaf. He tells me he's working night and
day." "Yes, that's the firm he's with
now." "What?" "Knight & Day."—Phil
adelphla Press.
A DELICATE HINT.
Pair widows-Yes. I've made up my mind
that when I die I shall be cremated, as
my husband was.
Gallant captain— Dear lady, please don't
talk about such dreadful things. Consider
how much better it would be in your case
to— et— cross out the c— Punch.
QUITE REASONABLE.
Mrs. Hicks— Do you believe In ghosts?
Mrs. Wicks- Why shouldn't I? No
ghost ever told me a lie.— Boston Tran
script. ' '.
HIS LAST WORDS.
Father — Have you anything to say be
fore I whip you, Bobby?"
, Bobby— Yes, sir; It's going to hurt me
worse than It does you.— Puck.
"The boss at the quarry bet Tlni he couldn't dhrtnk four quart* av ohwlaky In
ftq YY\ 1 Tl V Vi Ci 1 1 T*O " ' - - . •- f , . , -. , ...,....¦¦-¦ ™ *
"And did Tim win th*. b©tf** -
WHAT WILL THE HARVEST BE?
Mamma — Now, go and say good-night to
your governess, like a good little girl, and
give her a kiss.
Little Puss— I'll say good-night, but I
won't give her a kiss.
Mamma— That' s naughty! "Why won't
you give her" a kiss?
Little Puss— Because she slaps people's
faces when they try, to kiss her.
Mamma — Now, don't talk nonsense, but
do as you're told.
Little Pusrs- Well, mummy, if you don't
j bclitve me— ask papa 1 - -Punch.
DREARY.
In the paresis ward a venerable old man
accosted us.
"What a dreary world thl3 would toe,"
he fervently exclaimed, "It miss did not
rhyme with kiss and kisses with Mrs.!"
Then he rung our hand and turned
away.
Upon inquiry we learned' that the man
had been a humorous poet whom the lux
urious living Incidental to hla calling had
driven mad.— Exchange.
CLEVER OLD MAN.
She— "Well. Arthur, did you tell dad that
little fib" about the prospective large sal
ary you confidently anticipated you would
soon be earning?
; He (gloomingly)— M'yes.
She— "Well 7
He— He- borrowed a couple of pounds on
the spot!— Punch.
ALWAYS ALIVE.
New Foreman— Little short of copy, sir.
: Editor— Don't you know the standing
rule of the office?
New.Foremafr-No, sir; what Is it?
. Editor — When short of copy always run
the portrait of the Dowager Empress of
China.— Cleveland Plain-Dealer. .1*.^
AND WILLIE KNEW.
Little Willie— Paw, is ma a microbe?
'Mr. Henpeck— "Why. no, Wmie. . What
makes you ask such a question?
Little Willie— Well, the teacher told us
that baldness was caused by a microbe.—
Baltimore American.
HIS STRANGE ANSWER.
Traveler (in the midst of a story of
some length)— \yell, you know how you
feel when you have a bullet through your
shoulder, general? . ,.
The General— Yes, .bored! (TraTeler is
left In painful doubt.) :- - r" . _
THE SITUATION.
& :¦- -. ' - ¦ .
The author— I wish I had time enough
to write a good book.
His friend— Why not take it?
The author— Can't afford to. I am too
busy' writing- successful ones.— Life.
AWFUL.
. Thes* Boxers must be terrible people."
"Yes. They, couldn't act much worse If
they were trying to civilize another coun
try/'-Lire.
Up-to-date Stork— How is this for a
necktie? : :*r
NO ALTERNATIVE.
"That's a terrible noise In the nursery.
Mollie," , said the mistress. "What's the
matter? Can't you keep the baby quiet?"
"Shure, ma'am." replied Mollie, "I can't
keep him quiet unless I let him make a
noise." — St. Louis Globe-Democrat-
WHAT CAUGHT HER EYE.
Flora—How could you ever fall In lore
with such a homely man? His figure 1»
something awful.
Dora—Yes, but he has a lovely one at
the bank.THE SUNDAY CAIit.
3
THE LAST DAY AT THE SEASIDE.
"KARBWKLL, SWEETHEART, TILL. THE SUMMER OF 190L"
An Artful ledger.
To be perfectly honest. Brown does not
go to his Gris wold-street office every night
that he tells his wife he Is going there
The business which he says is pressing la
frequently imaginary and the man whom
he is Kotng to meet does not exist. -He
belong* to a club and clubs have their at
traction. He thought that ills wife was
trowing suspicious, and Drown is re-
Bcurceful.
On the evening tn question, as the law
yers would say. he told her that there was
a matter of business that could not pos
«My be deferred until the next day
About 9 o'clock she answered the 'phone
"° .."^ff J* Sk r d If Brown was al hom « and
repled that he was at his office.
"Guess not," was the alarming response.
I wa* Just down there and all looked
¦ULXlCa
She rang off 'viciously, if women ever
do ?uch things, ordered a coupe, told the
driver to so as fast as the ordinance al
"V- Pt takln B OI » temper as she went
ar.d flew uj.stairs tc the office as though
¦ r "' ;use «W in hut pursuit. Her hu3
baiid met hor smilingly, insisted that she
aad given him a delightful surprise, put
tus ea«:est chair near the light, handed
ror a paper and .'pologi/.ed for having to
resume work ihat would possibly keep
him till 3. She coulu not explain, she
could not keep awake, she was ashamed
of her.st- If and after lamely telling that she
had dreamed that he was ill she left.
In ten minutes he was at the club and
enook hands with a man who smilingly
asued u the scheme worked. He replied
tiiai it was as good as ready money for
at least sixty day* and then each bought
a stack of chips that pass in the night.—
E>etrcU Free Press.
: » ? ¦
HIS ELECTRIC SPARK
~MiIl!e!"
The young lineman twirled his hat in
his hands Jn an agitated manner and
epoke In a voice that seemed to bave a
tendency to get away from him.
••Millie, the fact is, I— I— there's some
thing I've betn wanting to tell you for a
long time, tut I can't seem to fetch It.
When you look at me like that, you
knew, it breaks me all up. I've been com
ing here so long that I oughtn't to be
afraid. 1 reciton. but— but you know bow
it is— or maybe you don't either. 1
thought you're a UtUe the liveliest wire
I ever— I didn't think it would be so hard
when I—"
Here he came to a dead stop.
"iiillie:" he exclaimed in desperation,
"I'm short-circuited! I've burned out a
fusel"
"Jerry, are. you trying to ask me to
marry you?"
"Y-yes!"
"Why. of course I will, yon foolish boy."
And love's current flowed unobstructed
ly again, lighting up with its pure radi
ance the rose-embuwered pathway that,
tie— Philadelphia lnyuirer.
DKFXNIXR
"You look worried." remarked the flrst
cabin passenger.
"I am." replied the other. "Two days
ago I catieU to my wife, who Is in Home,
that 1 would sail for Paris to-day, and
asLed her where I could meet her. Just
before sailing to-day I got this reply:
•V\ i:i met-t you there on Friday at 3
o'clock.' "— Philadelphia Press.
NOTHING Kl.SE TO DO.
Foyer— Do you really mean to say that
you liked Miss Sk^aner^a singing of that
solo? You app'.aucifd as though your life
depended upon gettir.j; an encore.
l^jtby— It was perfectly awful. But my
train didn't go until late, and it was rain
trg outside.— Eoston Transcript.
IN THE BUREAU OF NAVIGATION
It -wslS understood that most of the
f.ghtins against the Chinamen would have
to be done on land. Possibly that la why
the Oregon went aground.— Buffalo Ex-
"Professor Sumner says that only 10 per
cer.t of the marriages are happy ones."
"Well." replied the sweet young thing,
"even la that case let us remember that
the odds en marital happiness are about
13 oer cent better than those on a happy
Fpicsterhood."
SUBURBAN ATHLETICS
"How you must enjoy getting out to
your country home and casting dull care
to the winds after your hard day's toil in
the hot and dusty city!"
"Casting dull care to the winds! Oh,
say, now, you wouldn't call it dull to
chase a runaway ccw three miles after
dark, would you?"— Detroit Free Press.
THE ONLY WAY.
Blade — Why isn't your wife playing golt
with you as usual? .
Grasse— I asked her to stay at home to
day. I am trying to improve my game.—
JIarper*» Bazar.
SURE SIGN.
I "Yes, baby looks like his papa," said
the proud young mamma. "I'm sure he'll
have a nose like him." "Yes," replied the
temperance lady from next door, "you
give the little one gin for the colic, I un
derstand."—Philadelphia Press. '" t
NO LOSS TO THE DENTIST.
Patient— Great Scott, doctor! I've swal
lowed some of that gold you are plugging
my teeth with.
Dentist— Thank you for mentioning; It.
I uhall include it in your bill.— Harper's
Bazar.
HIGH-TONBU BUTCHER.
Housewife— Js the calTs liver fresh?
Butcher (indignantly) — Fresh? Fresh?
Let me tell you, ma'am, I slaughter only
calves with fresh llvera!— Meggensdorfer
Blaetter.
THE MAID FLED.
"How haughty In his native grandeur!
How silent! How Impressive!" sne ex
c;almed at the Indian 8how. "I wonder if
he can speak English?":
"No. madame," said the heap big brava
from Carlisle, "unfortunately, having
been deprived of educational advantages
and those environments which might
have developed in me some degree of cul
ture, the innumerable intricacies of your
language are quite beyond my limited
comprehen " '
"But ahe had fled. — Denver Times.
COLLECTING HIS THOUGHTS.
"I'll want to take a little time to collect
my thoughts before I start out campaign-
Ing," RAld the worker. .
"Now what In the world do you want to
waste your time (akiriK up that kind of a
collection?" Inquired Senator Sorghum, in
excitement. "You can't buy votes w'lh
thoughts, can you? You seem to be labor
ing under the delusion that we are get
ting up some kind of a scrapbook."—
Washington Star.
VERY FUNNY.
A pauper is a man 'at always worries
quite a lot,
Becos he can't accumulate no money.
The plutercrat he worries for fear 'at
what he's got . •
'L4 get away from him. Now, ain't It
funny?
—Catholic Standard and Times. -
THE IMPUDENCE OK SOME PEOPLE.
"While my daughter was playing the
piano lest night a strange man stopped
at the door and salted to be allowed to
give her a dollar.".i
"Was he such an ardent music lover?"
"No; he said it-was merely a thank of
fering because he didn't live next door to
us." — Indianapolis Journal.
SURPRISING INFORMATION.
Old Lady (pointing to elevated railroad)
—Where do them cars go to? - . .' -
City Man (hurriedly)— Almost anywhere
you want, ma'am.
Old Lady— Land sakes! I thought they
had to stay on the rails.— New. York
SHE KNEW HIM ALL RIGHT.
"Introduce me "to your sister, old. man."
"I don't think she wants to know you."
•*She*a seen you with me."This Is the Correct Way of
iXf? OTHING Is so untidy In a child as
|>{ wearing its hair In a tangled mass
A 11 about the face and shoulders.
Naturally, not the little one but
Its mother is to blame. If one has not
time to give the required care to curls or
long braids, then short-cropped locks are
the only remedy. But a mother must be
unusuaily busy If she cannot devote,at
least ten or fifteen minutes a day to
combine the hair of the wee one so dear
t6 her. , Constant, "grooming" Is neces
sary. Persistent attention will make thin
hair thick and dry, brittle locks soft and
pliable.
Use a brush by firmly and gently pass-
Ing It over the scalp and down to the
very ends of the hair at every stroke. If
the locks are tangled, divide the hair into
small strands and begin the combing at
the ends. Never break one hair if it can
be avoided.
Alter a thorough brushing and comb-
Ing the head is ready for the shampoo.
No harm can result from a weekly wash
If the'hair is heavy and oily. If it is
light, fluffy and dry, i showing that the
oil glands are not well supplied, care
should be 'taken not to scrub the head
too often. After the wash be just as
careful to thoroughly dry the hair, other
wise It will "soon smell musty and be
as full of dust and dirt as ever. For the
first water use plenty of soap, rinse well,
then a shampoo preparation chu be used
with good effect.
About as good a shampoo as can be
made is as follows: Two ounces of soap.
Suggestions
fond mother
proud of
her child's hair.
the Juice or ono lemon, th» yolk or one
etre and ba!f a pint of distilled water.
Put the soap and water in a saucepan and
stir over the fire till the soap is melted.
Erat me yolk of raw *rff and lemon Jnice
together, pour the soap and water on It,
ctir briskly, and. when cold, bottle for
use.
4
- r^g_fH2:Tinto A Dajun or soil wai«. ji pieasant
shampoo, especially for the little ones, to
keep ever ready, is a mixture of two
ounces each of glycerin and New Eng
land rum In a quart of bay rum.
After the use of any of these liquids
the hair should be thoroughly washed in
clean warm water. Use a fine tooth comb,
but be careful not to Irritate the scalp.
If a hair oil Is desired perfumed glycerin
can be used with always pleasing results.
Axiothc-r safe preparation Is to dissolve
half an ounce of • transparent soap In a
quart of soft water, add a wineglassful
of alcohol and a few drops of perfumed
oil. shake well and set aside for using.
Perhaps the most common shampoo of
ail is simply to put a. teaspoonXul of borax
Into a. Quart of water; or. mix a table
spoonfnl of the- beat olive oil with the
gams quantity of spirit* of ammonia, add
half an ounce of glycerin and poor all
time there is nothing- but ammonia In the
water. "Last of all Is a rinsing In abso
lutely clear warm water. When the hair
is too oily I use a little bicarbonate of
soda. '. .
"The drying should be carefully done.
I take a bath towel, one of the big, soft
kind, and rub the hair till seemingly every
particle of the water Is absorbed. Then
I fan the locks till they are quite dry. I
end by rubbing into the scalp some soft
ening lotion such as bay rum. Sometimes
my. sister's hair is so fluffy that I use a
little of the perfumed glycerin! " In the
first combing I use nothing but the comb,
not taking up the brush till the tangles
are all. out."
CYNTUU WESTOVEE AJ-DEN.
&he right
way is
W$SQ simple
certainly
'mrih learning.
Glycerine possesses in a high degree the
property of extracting the fragrance of
Cowers. Put into the glycerin the leaves
of any flower you wish, and by leaving
them there a week or two" the agreeable
odor will permeate the -whole. Pour a
few drops of this Into the rinsing water
and the effect will be highly satisfactory.
Perhaps no child in New York has a
prettier" head of flaxen hair than little
Irene Truax of No. 2W We^st One Hun
dred and Twenty-first street. Four years
ago her hair was shingled close, but it
Is now down "to her waist again. This
luxuriant hair Is not a gift of heredity,
but the result of her mother's patient
care." Now, this ; care chiefly 'falls upon
Irene's sister Louise, who," for the benefit
of many little girls who do riot know how
to look out for their hair, tells what she
does to keep Irene's curls in such good
condition:
"I break an egg into a saucer," she
eays, "and rub it thoroughly into the
hair. Then I rub the egg well into the
scalp. A thorough wash with soap and
•warm water and a tiny bit of borax fol
lows. Then I wash it again without put
ting soap In the water, but using instead
another egg. and a little, spirits of am
monia.- The rinsine comes n«xt. This
nth rAlii_
k
Dressi ng a Little Girl's HairTHE OTHER WAY.
"Do you think that constantly wearing a bat has a. tendency to make a man
bald?" -
"No; but when a man is bald I've noticed that It has a tendency to make him
constantly wear a bat."
manner, "that Is the pink of politeness."—
Baltimore American. I
"I despise a practical joker," said th«
woman in a pink bonnet.
"That Is the only kind of Joking: that
pays," responded the woman In a sailor
hat
She was the wife of a professional hu
morist and was therefore qualified to
speak with authority on the subj*cu—
Town Talk
PRACTICAL.
"We bad quite a lively debate at th«
school-house Saturday evening." remark
ed one Populist. "We aim to discuss only
questions of Interest to the party, but
this was about the liveliest time we've
had yet."
"What was the question debated?' la
quired another Populist.
"Last Saturday night tb« topic for con
sideration was. "Resolved. That two
barber shops are worse than one national
bank."— Judge-
DEBATABLE.
••Did you read about that lady who
lectured to the students of the University
of Chicago on how two may live comfort
ably for $300 a year?"
"No. I've been up in the -woods on a,
two weeks" vacation. Just got back, and
haven't seen a paper for a long time. Did
she make out a good case?"
"Yes, first rate. Told Just how it could
be done."
"'Who Is this lady?"
"I've forgotten her name— Miss Cather
ine Somebody."
"Say. sreat heavens! Is she a miss?
Why didn't you write It down? If she's
gpod looking I might be tempted to— but
I'm going to watch now and see whether
there's any gallantry Jn this town, any
way. You don't think she was talking la
the Interests of any of those St. Joe boat
companies,' do you?" — Exchange.
S2C0 A TEAR FOR TWO.
"I thought." said the man who wanted
to enjoy his vacation in the "mountains
"that you charged only J7 a week for
board and a room? Here it is in your let
ter."
"Yes, I know." replied the proprietor of
the hotel, "but you didn't ask about the
outlook. We charge 'Ieven dollars a week
extry for that." — Chicago News.
Cv • •
"I believe you- have been secretly mar
ried to young Mr. Noodle," cried the irate
father. "How ridiculous!" replied his
daughter. "Well." said her sire, "he used
to come here at 8 o'clock and stay till
11:30, and now he doesn't get here until 9
. o'clock and leaves at 10:15."
For the fourth time that week Mr. Gris
com, the American Charge at .Constanti
nople, rang the bell of the Yildlz palace.
"13 the Sultan In?"'
"He is. Who shall I say called?"
"Mr. Griscom, with that little bill of
Uncle Sam's." A pause then ensues.
Then the voice of the Sultan Is heard
from within.
"la it ray faithful friend Griscom?"
"It is, your Majesty," replies the
flunkey.
"Then," said the Sultan, gravely, "you
must let Gris-come again. Ha, ha, ha!
JI6. ho, ho! lie. he. he! Ain't that the
best ever? Gris-come! Seer'
"Wow.wow, wow!" roaded the delight
ed flunkey.
"That's the eleventh time he has work
ed that moth-eaten old gag on me and
I'm getting pretty blamed tired of the
whole business," said the "unhappy Gris
com, as he moodily stalked away —Cleve
land Plain Dealer. '
WHERE THE PROFIT CAME IN.
ETIQUETTE ON THE FIELD.
SULTAN'S LITTLE JOKE.
A CHANGED MAN.
"It"« funny bow marriag-e changes a
man," said Sprlggs" caller.
"Yes," repMed Spriggs dreamily; "It used
to be that I was devoted to baseball and
football and basket tall, and now I give
all roy spare time to baby's bawl," and he
arose hurriedly and went into the adjoin
ing room.— Detroit Free Press.
•Henry," raid the woman who . had
given her husband a" lovely combination
¦writing table and sewing machine on his
birthday, "I hope you haven't forgotten
to-morrow wilt be my birthday?"
"No. dear." he replied. "I have bought
you some cigars. The box will be useful
to keep bobbins and buttons in." Phila
delphia Press.
HIS TURN.
SUGGESTIONS.
"We were horrified.
"Gorilla warfare?" we gasped. "What
should over put it into your heads to be
come gorillas?"
"Well, you see, the British had already
made monkeys of us," said the Boer, who.
If we mistake not, was a field cornet or
something.
We had it In "mind to allege a non
sequitur, but refrained upon reflecting
that these people are after ail more sinned
against than sinning.—Detroit Journal.
"Here/.'-Sfexclaimed the undersecretary,
rushing in, wildly excited, "is another ca
ble from China. It must be something
important, because it's written in' cipher.
Where's the code? Let's get it translated
as soon as possible. At last the great mys
tery may be cleared up."
Then they worked over it for three
hours, and finally the chief of the depart
ment was called in to help. He looked at
it hard for a few minutes and then said:
"Put up the code. This is a list of the
names of Russians ¦who were wounded in
one of last week's engagements."—Chi
cago Times-Herald.
ALMOST CLEARED UP.
"I want you to make for me a thou
sand strong pocket-knives." said the Job
ber.
"Here's a good knife I ke«p In stock."
replied the manufacturer. "I can give yoa
a thousand at once. It has two good
blades and a corckscrew."
"Never do* This order Is for a prohibi
tion State."
"Well! Do you mean to say the cork
screw is of no—"
"I mean to say- the knife should have
two corkscrews and one blade."—Phila
delphia Press. ' — v< .
"Most children." said the old schoolmas
ter, "are very much like postage stamps."
"indeed r* sali his friend.
"Yes; they have to be licked to maka
them stick to their letters."— Philadelphia
Record.
A HEARTLESS JIBE
6
The parrot was too . f righfened to talk,
and the sergeant who was behind the desk
in the East Fifth 'I street station at 9
o'clock that night 1 ' did 'not know how to
decide the dispute between the crowd
brought in by , Policeman. ,Goss.\
"Squawk," said the parrot. - ;
"Shut up," said the sergeant.*"
"It's my parrot," chimed 1 , in Lawyer
John Palmieri, who lives at* 159 Second
avenue. "I charge this- man standing
here, William Kensley. with stealing the
bird."
"I didn't, steal.it," said Kensley, who
works in a ! barber shop at 155 Second
avenue. "The parrot flew into my shop
just now and I put him In the towel
closet tq ' find out .who' owned him. He
landed: on the : head of a' man who was
getting shaved.'/ "
"He didn't,", said Palmieri. "He landed
on a tree after he flew out of my mother's
arms, andthe barber got him there."
"He landed in my boss', shop," said
the barber, "and when f I wouldn' t give
him up Mr. Palmieri landed' on my eye.
It is black "anu blue." •
'ObbJeobble," gobbled the parrot.
" "How : did .it happen?" asked the ser
geant, turning to- Policeman Goss.
"I'll. tell you," began the lawyer. "I
was — — " •
"It was this way," interrupted the bar
ber. "I-~"
"Squawk!" shrieked the parrot, and the
sergeant shouted: . "Keep quiet or I'll
lock you all up." J.- -.
"Well," said the* officer, "when I got
there I found a big crowd in the mix-up
in the barber shop, and the parrot was
getting the worst of it. Then I interfered
and brought them all here."
"Core! Core!" sighed the parrot, with a
long sigh on the" R." "Core!"
"He said court," remarked the sergeant.
"I guess the parrot is about right. Gen
tlemen, clear out and settle the matter in
court in the morning." — New York Sun.
Joo Many Jalked-at Once,
He had driven from a backwoods hamlet
to the station, and after making an in
quiry of the conductor boarded the train.
When well on the way he stopped the
blue-coated official and asked In all seri
ousness:
"I'm sorter hungry. Will you tell m»
jest where the eatln' car is?'
"There is none on this train," was tn«
answer, "lt'a short ran does not require
it.*:..
"Huh." grunted the questioner. "Wich
of yer keers is the one that yer Jest loll
around in an* turn and twist yer eheer
any way ye please? Don't imagine that
because I've never went railroadin* I don't
know all about these things."
"You probably mean the Pullman. We
haven't any attached."
"Well, fcu'stin' squashes! Were is yer
cigar stand, so" a I can buy a weed an*
Ughtin'up?"
"We don't have such a thins, man."
"An* ye've no place for me ter git my
shoes shined, ter be surer*
"No, sir."
"Course I'd be crazy to think ye might
have a barber shop aboard?"
"We haven't any."
The rural gentleman subjected the con
ductor to a menacing scrutiny from head
to foot and back again. Then he drawled
out In an angry, olsappolnted tone of
voice:
"Well, sufferin* cornmeal. I thought y«
said this wux an accommodation train 1" —
Louisville Dispatch.
(Jot on the Wrong Jra.n.
THE SUNDAY CALL.
A MAN OF SENSE.
¦ ">•.. 1|-. .: ¦ - -..,., ¦ - _-- ;
TTncle Noah li©tt (-whose* wagon Is fast in the mud) —I guess I'll wait for dome poll Ucal * candy data * to com^'lony and
rive me a boost. . . - .- . . . ...
«._»_.'•»* -.¦*¦¦ ...¦-¦.¦- ' ' ¦ 5- - 1 " *«-..!.• -f"
Mistress— Mandy, I understand you hare left your husband.
Mandy— Yas'm; but he oughten ter kick — 1 done give him er week's noticn.
"That," observed the duelist, after pink
ing his adversary in a carefully bloodlessVACATION'S DONE.
» ¦ ¦
"Confidentially," said the statesman, "I
wrote that plank In the platform.
"I congratulate you," said his friend;
heartily. "I read It over three times, and
I'xn blest If it commits the party to any
thlng!"-Puck. . -
A MASTERPIECE.
."Yes, we had Quite a blowout at our
house early this morning." "Peculiar
time for it." "Yes; the new hired girl
blew out the gas in the pas stove and
the gus blew out the side of the kitchen."
—Cleveland Plain Dealer.
A DOUBLE BLOW.
"Don't you dare kiss me," she said,
waxningly.
"Why, I wasn't thinking of such a
thing," he said.
. "Well. -I was," she replied firmly. — An
•swers. "
MAKES A DIFFERENCE.
asked the office cat.
"I don't thijik I can," replied the clockr
"How about Tialf past 6, then?"
"Oh. I can make that, hands down."—
Philadelphia Press.
"Will you meet me here at 4 o'clock?"
ALWAYS MADE THAT WAY.
Willie — No, ma'am; but she elves me a
lickln' when I ain't. . • ¦
Visitor— Does your -mamma give you
anything for being- a good boy?
AN INCENTIVE
. Householder— IW you know I sometimes
think that gas meter cheats me?
Gasman — Well, what of it? Wouldn't
you cheat the meterlf you knew how to
do It?— Boston Transcript
VERY LIKELY.
"I am pretty tired to-night." com
plained the organ grinder's monkey. *
"I feel all played out myself," said the
organ.
THE DAILY GRIND,
Citizen— Dear me, how short < the years
get as a man grows older. -
Offlceseeker — Oh,, say, old man, you
ought to go Into politics.— Indianapolis
Journal. v
Judge—You were begging on the public
streets and yet you had $20 in your
pocket.
Prisoner —Yes, Jedge, I may not be as
industrious as some, y'r honor, but I'm no
spendthrift.—New York Weekly.
A LONG TIME BETWEEN ELEC
TIONS.
HIS REDEEMING QUALITY".
Ethel— Mamma, don't you think women
should know how to cook so that they
may be able to look after their husband's.
digestion when they marry?
Mamma— Certainly, dear.
Ethel— Mayn't I go to the kitchen, then,
and practice making butter scotch? —
Brooklyn I Aft.
Boss—I don't know whether to: dis
charge that new boy or raise his salary.
Manager—What has he been doing?
Boss—He rushed Into my private office
this morning and told me there was a
man downstairs who would like to see
me.
Manager—Who was it?
Boss—A blind man.—London Tit-Bits.
PREPARATORY.
SMART, BUT-.INDISCR.EKT.
•Vcbic on, Itootie: let's rush down the hill and trip 6p that old duffer!"
it." :. ' ' : . ; '"".¦ ¦ ¦ ':,
"But I want thd ribs for dinner. Dave
is coming now."
"For dinnerriT:::!
"Certainly. For dinner.".
"Madame, what : do you think this place
is?" '
.'The butcher's, of conrse."
"No, madame. this Is an umbrella facr
tory."— Chicago " News.
"Just to think!" said young Mrs. Tighe.
"Dave will be home In a few minutes and
there is nothing' to" eat in- the house. V 1
sent an order to" that butcher this morn-
Ing.--' How, stupid. some people are!"-
Then she went "out "In the hallway to
the telephone. 2 Connections were made
and a deep masculine voice called: s
Mrs. tiptoed and responded:.
'.'Where are- those ribsf '
"What ribsr^U, ; - ' - : ¦ .-¦.
"The ribs I ; ordered this morning." :
"Did order any ribs?"
' V Yes," . and . j ; ou promised to Bend them
in less than m hour. - Here ¦ it la _.';*¦ •
"Who Is tnlsT"
"Mrs. TIghe", 820 Indiana avenue." ¦".
"One moment, please, and I 'will: In
quire." -"''-. • '.'¦:
In. a few. moments he was back. * .
"Boss says he didn't receive any order
from you."
"He did. He took the order hlms.elf." ;
"Strange! r How many ribs was it, ma
-' "Seven or eight, I guess.".:
".. "Well, I don't know what to do about
different Kinds of Ribs.
T
PUTTING OFFDUK&
Ella— The gentleman who lodges above
appears very attentive to you.
Bella— Ah. yes ; I am even . engaged to
him. But yet I am tortured with doubt.
Would that I knew whether he loves me
for myself alone! "
Ella— But why In the world should he
marry you otherwise?
Bella-Well, to tell the troth, he owes
ray mother six months' rent.— St. Louis
Globe-Democrat.
THE LOVELY POTTER&
•The Potters have a new runabout."
**I should think those Potter girls were
til the runabouts they could stand."—
Cleveland Plain Dealer.
WELL SUPPLIED.
••Bredderin," remarked Deacon Dark
leleh, "some: ob de younp^h members ob
tbe congrregashun hab been makin" fun
ob de size ob ouah " belubbed pastoah's
feet I wants ter tell dem dat ouah pas
toah's Li strickly in accohd wif Solomon,
who said: *Wif all dy elttin*. pit ondah
standin"."—Baltimore American.
THE POET.
"Sir." said the Long Haired One Indig
nantly to the editor, "the poet is born."
"Oh. la her* retorted the editor. "Well,
Fn darned sorry he is. But this Isn't the
place where they take In the birth no
tices. You go on downstairs to the busi
ness office."— Detroit Free Press.
"By ram! Every thing does come to the man who waits!"
THE SUNDAY CALL.
DOING THK SPLIT
Back from tft^ farms and hills and dales.
Back from the valleys and back from the vales.
Back to school and the comrades there.
Back to the playground's noise and glare. .
Come the children, bronzed. and tanned,
Back from the surf and the ocean strand;
Books are open— school's begun.
Work bard now— vacation's done.
'Away we go!"
"Great hambone! What are we up against?"THE SUNDAY CALL.
8Continued on Pace El even.. ,
wlfery" this -; branch of the church de
nounces as^ pernicious.-; .'. ,
"We are > visionary. people,", 'says this
big; : common-sense i looking man. -Which
is ¦; perhaps • the kindest \ thing ; to * say ¦ of
those \ who X believe in Joseph ¦' Smith , the
prophet. Unbelievers; are divided as to
whether he was a fraud or a dupe. "Ours
is . the only ; church : that believes in \ living
prophets and apostles. - ; We believe in rev
elations now i as >rell as -when* Christ i was
onr earth: T- It -was ' revealed - to • my \ father
that he should found a. church, of which
he was to be the prophet; and before he
died, if was revealed to him that my
brother Joseph should succeed him as
prophet. Prophets: succeed each other In
a' direct ' line, but where a prophet ; has
PROPHETS and patriarchs have been
out of fashion a long time. Now and
then some one ir«cs to start the
tty'.c asaln. and the strange part
of it is hf t*nal**y* rtnd saxre followers.
Ju«t now there is a men on the Western
coast who claims hiimulf to be a P a^i
arch. the son of x -.jropliet dead, the
brother of a propfaA living.. This la Al
exander II. Smith. 5on of Joseph Smith,
the prophet and founder of the Church
of Jesus- Christ of Latter-day Saints.
Joseph Smith; hi* brother, is now tli«?
of tho chVrch.
% Alexander Sn;iih hails from Lamonl.
Iowa, ar.d is out here on a proselyting
tour. Down Los Anseles way the saints
have been hcvins a reunion— a sort of
pood, old-time Methodist camp-meeting,
with tents In a rrove and ten days of
prayer and sermons and picnic lunches.
Of course, toe patriarch is the feature of
To tnlnlc or prophets ana patriarchs is
to think of flowing lifir and beard and
robes, eyes that KM over, above and be
yond the everything of *very day, and a
voice that comes out of the future, weary
with Its wight of wisdom of the past.
Cut prophets and patriarchs have
charged since the davs of Aaron and
Elijah, cf Abraham. I?aac and Jacob.
Nowadays they patior.lze barbers— at
Jrr.si occasionally. They near orthodox
nnd Ufflivcoat. v.-alstc«iat and trousers.
ThcJr eyes may have the farav.'ay look
of the visionary, but In the voice.- the
tone of weariness Is f.sily born of much
answering of foolish questions, the irk
sonieness of being doubled.
Alexander Smith is «t big, round, genlrtl
man in a pepper-and-salt suit. He wears
a full beard, but It does not make him
look patriarchal. He; has. rather the. air
of a well-to-do farmer. He : is quick . In
action and speech and when : he , talks : of
they have an unholy /sJf&k
prejudice against hU .^jflP^
church and . that '
they sacrifice Justice /*£___^__^ 1 '
to their reprehensl-. V" — : —
tlonal headlines. , lie
resents such questions as • wnether he Is
the son of his father, and whether every
one who becomes: asalnt must 'take the
name of Smith. Above all, does he resent
being , classed . with ; the . Utah Mormons,
whose heretical . doctrine V of . "spiritual
This record was written on plates of.
gold, about eight inches long and seven
wide, fastened together by three rings.
Each sheet was thinner than tin. and tho
Hidden away on Cumorah Hill. In West
ern Xew York, were tho records, which
to the Saints form the true connecting
link between the New World, and the Old.
They are said to have been written by
the Prophet Mormon, only . some claim
that his name was not Mormon at all, but
Moroni, and that the term Mormon U but
a nickname given to the Saints by their
enemies. At all events, the prophet waa
the last of a prehistoric race that lived
In America both before and after the time
of Christ; and the book of Mormon even
tells of a visit of Christ to America after
the crucifixion.
Alone In tbe woods he thought and
prayed. One day an anpel came to him
and told hinv if he would live uprightly
his course would be made clear. This he
tried to do and was finally rev/arded by
the return of. the angel, who told him
where to find the plates.
The Saints have always been perse
cuted. There are many stories of their
struggles. Alexander Smith tells how his
father, when about 11 years of age, at
tended a camp-meeting in New York and
had a spiritual awakening. The meeting
was one of al! denominations and when
It ended the different churches squabbled
over the division of converts. This set
the boy to thinking, but he could not
decide which church was right. He was
advised to read his Eible, and turning to
a passage In James he read: "He that
lncketh understanding, let him ask of
God. who giveth liberally and upbraldeUi
not."
Alexander Smith looks well fed. and his
pepper-and-salt suit Is far from thread
bare. Knowing that all his time Is de
voted to church work and that the leaders
of the Saints receive no salary, one nat
urally wonders wherewithal shall proph
ets and patriarchs be clothed and fed.
It is by voluntary contribution. When
ever a Saint f>cls he can afford it he slips
a quarter, half-dollar, a dollar or more)
Into the hand of the leader. It Is said that
the Saints have a sort of personal pride
In eeeing that their priests and bishops
and prophets and patriarchs are well
cared for. Each- donation the patriarch
puts down in a book and at the next
fathering he reads the amounts that have
been given. Perhaps if Saints are no more
than human this performance stimulates
their liberality. The ordinary citizen likes
to see his name at the head of a sub
scription list or to read In the paper that
he bid highest for a box at the charity
circus, or contributed most to the famln*
fund. /
It was about this time that Joseph
Smith the younger was operated upon by
an Influence that revealed to him that ho
was to be the leader of the Reorganized
Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day
Saints.
After the murder of Jo<»er>h Smith, the
first prophet. In 18 H. his 200.000 followers
had scattered to the ends of the earth.
except the handful— some 2^.000 or S.OOO—
which followed Brlgham Young to Utah.
In 1S60 the scattered member* began to
be acted upon by the same Influence that
touched Joseph Smith the younger.
"You see." said Smith, the patriarch.
"we believe In the operation of tho Holy
Ghost, that by Its Influence we are In
formed and directed: and those men who
held the priesthood under my father were
commanded to come together. The Chris
tian church as organized by Christ had
been lost and could not be found among
any of the so-called Christian churches.
It was necessary that there should be a
restoration, and this took place at Am
boy. 111., where my brother became the
leader of t e reorganized church."
The system of the Saints Is based on
that of the primitive church. There is a
confusing number of leaders, at th» head
of which Is the president, now Joseph
Smith, and two counselors, one of which
Is Alexander Smith, who has but recently
been raised to the degrree of patriarch.
Below thi3 presidency of three are the
twelve apostles, the seventies, high
priests, patriarchs, elders, bishops, teach
ers and deacons. Of each of these a cer
tain number constitutes a quorum, and
there are a given number of quorums.
Nexf In Importance to the apostles are
the seventies, or seventy elders, who con
stitute tbe traveling ministry and are sub
ject to be called on missions. When the
church Is fully organized there will ba
seven quorums of seventy, but this, they
say, will not take place until Christ comes
to earth again. There are row but two
quorums. . hence the present activity
among the Saints, for In a measure the
millennium depends upon their zeal.
"In a vision," said Alexander Smith,
"the lives of these four men passed before
me and I saw them meet the fate of that
other lying eenseler* and bleeding In the
glare of the light. It was enough for me.
But It was three or four years before I
entered the church."
It may. seem strange to the unbeliever
that a "prophet, seer and revelator**
whosp relation to the church Is that of
mouthpiece of the Supreme Being, should
have Bpent a good share of his life trav
eling unholy paths. But Alexander Smith
says that after his father's death th»
mother married autside of the church,
and both he and his brother were any
thing but godly men. They were of t he
arth earthy. They loved the dance, the
card table, the bottle. Perhaps they wer«
no worse than other young men; certain
ly they were no better.
It was in a saloon that Alezandsr
Smith's first revelation came. One night
four young men s»at at cards, each Intent
on the game. An old man wan brought
Into the room, dead drunk and hurt by a
fall In the gutter. The younc men played
on. with never a thought of the drunkard.
dors than one son tt mast-to* rcr«a!«4
which son shall succeed him. There w«r«
four of us boys. One Is dead, and th«
fourth one was In the church until W»
mind failed."
Mr. Smith admits that be ml«fct possibly
be the next prophet, but It would hav* to
be revealed to h!s brother Joseph, and
not to hfm.
The patriarch of the church may .b« a
"prophet, seer and revelator." but his
prophecies, seelngs and revelation* are
for his own personal guidance, ar.d tha
church will have none of them. The
church grants that he may have th»»pow
er. but It refuses to recognize any reve
lations but those of the official prophet.
Alexander Smith says he has had many
revelations. Indeed, revelations from God
soem as common to htm as bits of josslp
gathered from his neighbors. It waa a
revelation that caused his conversion.
SUNDAY CALL
3 ffLff&TT O^U
PROPHETS AND SONS
OF PROPHETSIf a certain lens or -mirror within' thv
instrument throw the • Image of a; star (
too far to the right, then on reversing I
the Instrument the same rays are thrown
an equal distance to the left, the error"
Is at once apparent and the mean figures
give the correct reading.
The , telescope Is set ' upon a shaft t of
solid masonry, which is in turn bedded In
a heavy concrete foundation. •', ¦ ;^ • :
Measurements as - fins as this would be
affected by the temporary flexure of parts *
of the. Instrument, due to, unequal heating
from variations of ,the .temperature, "if
made suddenly;
It is for the purpose of protecting the
walls ¦ of the house from the direct ' rays
of Z. the s sun that ; it is > surrounded with
slatted walls; otherwise the heat ¦ might
radiate even through paint and timber.
The brass, tube of .th<» transit ;,telescope
is •¦ also . surrounded ' with . another ,- heavy
tube containing perforations ;to admit air.
Besides all of these precautions the y shut-';
ter.t doors ¦• of £ the house are opened two
¦ hours /.before work Is -commenced each
evening, to give the instrument the same
temperature "as the' surrounding atmos
phere. .*¦.-., .
There are. as adjuncts to the zenith tel
escope an astronomical ; clock, . ticking off
sidereal seconds, and a "meridian mark,"
which is a' stone monument, with a metal
_: tablet ; set In " it and ; notched ; show a
point '; on \ whlch\ the i Instrument can " be
sighted for testing its i accuracy.
To correct the error in this telescope it
Is so arranged that each observation _can
be made in duplicate with the Instrument
turned right for left in every adjustment,
bo that any mistake In one direction will
be balanced by Its counterpart the other
«-o y - *
Ail physical apparatus, though, has It3
errors, for nothing is perfect but the mas
ter mind which seeks to work out its the
ories with lifeless metal and glass.
To illustrate the inconceivable, fineness
of the delicate discrimination of the zen
ith instrument. It is. of course, known
that all plummets wherever freely sus
pended point directly toward the center
of the earth. It follows that as they are
convergent lines there, must be a differ
ence in the direction of two plummets
hanging only ten feet apart. The zenitn
telescope Is fine enough in Its work to
measure that infinitely small angle, which,
email cs it is, is still there,* capable not
only of measurement uut of mathematical
expression, which is one-tenth of a sec
ond of arc.
All four of the international observa
tories are fitted with the same appliances,
the principal part of which is what is
known as tho "zenith telescope."
While these- instruments are small, * be
ing of only four-inch aperture, they are
unrivaled in their perfection as Instru
ments of precise measurement.
So great is the interest taken in the in
vestigations that she Russian Govern
ment has at its own separate expense es
tablished a station almost directly oppo
site acioss the world from Uklah, on the
same parallel, and located on the Identical
spot where once was the. Garden of Eden.
The stations were finally located within
a few seconds of the same parallel of lat
itude, that of north 39' 08' 10". One of them
is in Japan, one on a small island near
Sardinia, one in Maryland and the fourth
in Uklah, Cal. . -
Added to these details -was the prime
necessity that all of tne stations should
be in localities where there were nights
for good seeing, well interspersed through
the year, as long continued foggy inter
vals at any one station would/ render the
observations of all useless.
In selecting the sites the whole surface
of the earth was looked over, and In the
final trying out it was found that there
was no place on the whole continent of
Asia which would meet the requirement*
of the observatories.
In addition to these requirements It
was necessary that each station should
be similarly located in regard to moun
tains, plains and water, which regulate
fitmospheiic conditions and the surround
ings which produce them, so that the
aberration caused by atmospheric refrac
tion should be the same in each case.
one parallel which were surrounded bj
civilization and located one in each quad
rant of the globe.
So great is the care taken In all ot the
work that even this stone is sheltered by
a tin casing and that again with a slat
ted house, shown in the distance in the
picture, Ie3t the elements should warp
it and change its position.
The necessity for fixing^ the exact posi
tion of the pole Is greater at the present
time than | ever before, for the speed of
ocean steamers, their number and the im
portance of their freight make it neces
sary, that the .paths of the sea be no less
well defined than those above the shores.
The stars are the milestones of the sea,
and when the mariners wa»t to know
where they are they can read the an
swers in the stars, but the answers are
given In degrees of latitude and longitude.
Now, if the meridians and parallels are
marked on the wrong places on the maps
the answer will be wrongly interpreted
and the ship will be just that much
astray. Nearly every question of as
tronomy and navigation hinges sooner or
later on the position of the observer
. There, for Instance, is the problem of
the ellipticity of the earth's surface
which enters Into every computation of
the earth areas or directions. Is the earth
flattened at the poles or not? Until the
question Is settled of 'the exact figure of
the earth no boundary line can be 'run
with exact precision and shoals and dan
gerous rocks cannot be platted with abso
lute accuracy. For now in all measure
ments, whether upon land or sea. In sur
veying as well as platting, there Is al
ways an error to be reckoned with \
mistake in making the proper correctlo'n
upon the sea sometimes runs the ship
upon reefs or shoals. We are not sure of
our measuring rod. as it Tvere. Imagine
a yard stick with thlrty-nve Inches mark
ed out,' but it Is uncertain whether the
space from the thirty-nfth Inch to the end
of the yard stick is really an Inch. If it
be either a little longer or shorter than
; an inch then all measurements made with
- tho stick will contain a slight error and
the stick can only measure correctly
when this error is rectified.
Counting the equator as one end of this
yard stick, the other and unknown end is
at the pole. We know there Is an error,
but" this error cannot be rectified until
that unknown inch or any fraction there
of has been accurately measured.
¦ It can Feadily be seen that the contour
of the -earth, at the pole must be reck
oned with. But the znost decisive data
concerning the ellipticity of the earth can
•.only be! obtained through ' pendulum an>l
astronomical observations. When the
question is settled the tables In nautical
As to physical characteristics at tha
pole, there would not be a Symmes hole,
nor a perennial " summer sea. nor a spe
cially roundetl mountain for the earth to
whirl upon, such as Jules Verne has de-.
scribed. It must be remembered that
Nansen reached a point but IfiO miles from
the pole, at ?6 degrees 14 minutes north''
latitude— a distance not as great as from.
New York to Buffalo. As the character
istics within the Arctic circle are every
where much the same, there Is no reason
to suppose that some marked and ex-.
traordlnary characteristic i3 indicated at
the north pole. There will be either land
or water at the pole, such a.i character
izes other Arctic land or water all about
it: only this, and nothing more.
How. then, would an explorer know the
pole should he have the good fortune to
reach It? Well, the phenomena of the sun
during th<r;polar day or of the heavenly
bodies • during the polar nlgl-.t would be
one Indication. But if the pole is reached -
It will in all probability be during the six
months of light. The explorer takes fre
quent observations of the sun all along
his northward march to determine his
latitude and longitude. By computation
he should know when he has reached the
earth's apex, for then the observations .
should show 30 degrees latitude or none,
and 3C0 degrees of longitude or none at all.
Until the location of the pole Is fixed
theoretically no chart of the ocean's dan- : .
g ers will ever be exact. Rocks will not
appear at the places where they are Indl- -
cated. and international boundaries will
be uncertain and will vary as the pole and
Its appendant parallels swing back and,
forth over the face of the, earth.
The work at Uktah and the other, sta-:.
tions will take years to complete, and
when it t3 completed Californiana will "
have the satisfaction of knowing that "
every astronomer, navigator and sur
veyor the world over will for all time hi
indebted to the little observatory ' «1
Ukiah for the data on which his caleulaS '
tions are primarily based.
Then the north pole will have beea the-' "
oretxeaily found. *r
"What Is the north po!e. about -which so
much Is heard? It la simply the mathe
matical point which marks the northern
termination of the axi? of the earth. It
Is a place where ther<» are 90 degrees of
latitude or none, and "SO dejrrees of longi
tude, or none at all. Jnst as one prefers
to look at It. A man 3tandlng at the pole
could not take Horace Greeley's advice
and go west, for there »s no west, nor Is
there north or east. He would have to
go south whichever way he stepped.
Should he stand at th« T>ole for a year ha
would have but one night and one day.
What a place to make a night of It-a
six months' night, with a six months' day
to recuperate in. Th*» sun would rls» on
March 21 and set on September 21. not to
rise until the following March.
After rising the sun would circle
through- the heavens as If rolling alons
the horizon, ascer.dlnsr every day — that Is,
every twenty-four hours— a little higher.
till on Jure 21 it would be twenty-threo
and a half degrees atove the horizon.
Then It would gradually sink until sunset
on September 21. Durinsr the night at the
pole all the heavenly bodies would move
in horizontal circles Instead of obllqu» cir
cles, as here, or vertical circles, as they
do to an observer at the equator.
When it Is recalled that only within the
last quarter cf a century has systematic
scientific research been carried on In th*
polar regions the great possibilities of the
future can be but vaguely guessed at.
Geographical exploration and commercial
Interests dominated the earlier explorers,
but to-day they brave the frozen area*
as soldiers of science and they have al
ready won creat victories In her name.
However. It takes time for scientific re
sults to be duly corrected, for science
liVe art is long, -while life Is short. Much
future benefit Is yet tf» b<* reaped from the
observations -made by Nansen. Jackson,
Peary and other modern explorer*.
calculations can be corrected and la dri*
time completed, and boundary lines can
be run with greater precision. Besides
this, all sorts of meteorological, tidal,
magnetic observations. etc£, must be
taken about tfce pole. For a; knowledge
of such phenomena Is necessary to a full
comprehension of nature's laws and pro
cesses. And this is the ultimate aim cf
science. Science is the handmaiden of
progress and every victory won 'for sci
ence means an increase in the material
comforts and intellectual pleasures .of
mankind.
CafTFoynfa
©F Th^sg
"Located
at U^lah-
The lonesomeness of the world and th©
confined limits of civilization are curiously
ehown by the difficulty which Uh» asso
ciation found la getting four points on
The locations of ail unmarked points on
the surface of the earth are made by ob
eervations of heavenly bodies. To estab
lish the position and variation of a par
allel of latitude. It was necessary that all
of the stations should be on that parallel,
and furthermore as the stations must all
be In communication with each other, it
was necessary that all be near some placu
where telegraphic and other facilities
were already provided.
There are four special observatories
equipped solely for this work, one on each
cf the four "corners of the earth, all work-
Ing Jointly on this problem and nothing
else, being equipped Trith apparatus de
signed in part for this purpose and not
adapted to general astronomical work-.
By reason of the importance of the
work, it has born placed in charge of the
International Geodetic AFKociation, which
Is composed of scientists cf and supported
by contributions from every civilized na
tion.
The undertaking is too great for individ
ual accomplishment and more even than
any one nation would care to carry
through, unaided, as it Is for the benefit
of all.
Added to these is this latest motion and
no one knows just how much It is. when
It occurs or In what time it completes its
cycle, if it have one and be not a perma
nently progressive motion of a cycloid
nature.
How many motions the earth has will
never be known to mortals. There are
of the known motions, first, the diurnal
on* around its axis; then the motion
around the sun. and the accompanying
apparent inclinations; then the proper
motion of the earth as it accompanies the
ecs on Its endless flyaway charge through
the universe, straight on and on to our
Ecnletime end and destruction.
They were right: the stars were right,
mo were the Instruments, but there was a
fourth element in the proposition which
had been neglected It was the earth—
dizzy thing — she has been whirling- so long
that 5t makes her head swim and she
reels.
But in this case stars and instruments
¦were all proved to be right. Btill the as
tronomers would not give up their theory
thai the mind of man Is absolutely per
fect and beyond possibility of mistr.ke.
It sounds strange to say that the star
iteelf may be !n a wrong position, but it
Is owing to Just this apparent displace
ment of some of the planets that the other
unseen planets which were causing their
erratic movements were discovered.
The curiously analytical mind of the
astronomer does not believe that the hu
man mind Is fallible. He assumes usual
ly that If an apparent variation occurs
the man is right and either the star or the
lnetmroent must be wrong.
It Is only within the last two years that
any action has been taken in regard to
determining- this polar movement. Until
twenty years ago there was not even a
suspicion that ruch a thing existed, and
when observers found that their records
of one year did not agree with those of
another It was? merely supposed that this
was an error of precision in the instru
ment or observer.
Every inclination of the terrestrial cen
ter pole Inclines also at the same tlm<»
every other imaginary lire on the face of
the sphere. tir-Vs* it be such as fixed by
visible marks and boundaries arbitrarily
eelected. even the great equator itself.
THE North Pole is not a fixture.
It wlgrgk-s.
Up In I'klah. cut among the hop
ranches, they have a machine to
measure the movement of this undiscov
ered earth axle.
Of course, tht-re Is not any such thing
us a real pota there, but the wiggle Is
real if the pole isn't.
The cs<-illatior5 ot* the invisible sk«wer
which has cost so many. many
millions because unfour.d would
rot !n themselves worry any
body except Peary were It not for the
reason that nil of the -equally invisible
parallels of latitude by wblch the mar
lners steer ard the wipe and ferocious
rations cf the earth adjust their trouble
tome boundaries arn dependent on the
pole as a hoops-ltirt hangs from its sup
port.
©F This
Kind in
th£ W©Hd=
An Observatory That Catches the Wiggles of the North Pole
THE SUNDAY CAI/ti.
10Querita Vincent at the Grpheum in Some of /Per Panting Poses.
To launch a. new «ect in this narrow
world Is no easy matter, and Joseph
Emlth waa persecuted, with almost animal
When the translation was finished the
angel took the plates away and they have
k never been seen (since. Alexander Smith
* etates that the plates were seen by eix
or eight men besides his father, the last
cf whom died but a few years since.
The original manuscript made by Joseph
Smith is owned by a man named Swelch,
who lives In Richmond, Missouri.
volume was six inches thick. With the
plates was a strange pair of transparent
etone ppeotacks which Smith called
"Urim and Thummln" and bv means of
these the illiterate young country boy
translated the curious, unknown char
acters on the plates. The characters rep
resented a. language called Reformed
Egyptian.
Some time before, dissension had crept
In among the Saints. Brigham Young and
his faction had gone about quietly teach
ing the doctrine of polygamy, claiming
that Joseph Smith ha'' "'ad a revelation
that plural marriage »re the will of
God.
Sometimes the Saints showed more zeal
than sen?e In standing by a cause; but
their fortitude under persecution argued
their honesty. And it is generally con
reded, though reluctantly, that In all
thrir colonies there was visible a spirit
of industry, morality, order and cleanli
ness rarely, if ever, found in other com
munities of equal size. This was particu
larly true of their beautiful city of Nau
voo, on the banks of the Mississippi.
But at last there came a mob that real
ized the wildest of mob dreams. In the
Jail at Carthage, Illinois, they shot and
killed Joseph Smith and his brother Hy
rum. who was a patriarch of the original'
church.
ferocity by loaders of other denomina
tions. The church history Is a stormy
one— deeply, darkly marked with the foot
prints of furious mobs; with traces of the
mob weapon, tar and feathers; with the
stain of that whicd alone quenches mob
thirst— blood.
Continued from Page Nine.
propl^te arid Soris
cF ppopli^tSv
shook hands like the tor.gs rack. 'That?
eald I to myself. 'I can't make a dancer
out of that:*
"But when I w«»nt hoir.e and thought
about it. I thought about the money,
too.
"I paid to myself. "What's the use of
throwing away the chance of making that
money? It's the girl's fault if she can't
learn/ "
So the doubtful teacher went to the ap
pointed house at the appointed hour. The
pupil had pulled up the rug from the
nursery floor and waa ready to begin busi
ness.
Step after step, brnd after bend Querita
ehowed, and all to no purpose. She could
not teach the tongs. They persisted In
being Just as formal as ever, and both
they and* their teacher grew despairing.
The pupil grew so despairing at last
that she collapsed entirely. She dropped
Into a chair in a floppy, hopeless heap.
This the Josephltcs then refuted and
now vigorously deny. But the Brigham
ites gained ground to such an extent that
the City Council of Xauvoo passed an act
favoring the destruction of the press and
print shop of the Brighamltes to prevent
their issuing a scurrilous. Indecent sheet,
which might have been stopped by more
lawful methods. After considerable delay
and under protest Joseph Smith, ! as
Mayor, signed the bill.
He and his followers were in such great
disfavor among people of other faiths
that this furnished a good excuse for his
being thrown into Jail awaiting trial in
the courts. • It is claimed that the Gov
ernor of Illinois gave personal assurance
of the safety of both Joseph and Hyrum
Bmlth during their restraint.
, However, mobs are no respecters of
Governors or bolts and bars. On Juno
27, 1844, a frenzied mob broke into the
Jail and shqt the objects of their insane
hatred.
For many years the burial place of Jo
seph Smith was unknown. Even now
It Is known to few. It Is In the cemetery
at Nauvoo, < about four feet beyond the
tomb of his wife. There is no stone, not
even a mound, to mark the grave of
Joseph Smith, the prophet.
BERTHA H. SMITH.
A curious case was tried before tha dvfl
courts In Vienna, the other day regarding
a claim arising out of a railway accident.
The plaintiff stated that he had received
Internal injuries as the result of the ac
cident.- The medical experts maintained
that the shock of the smash had caused
the hea^t of the plaintiff to change from
its normal position to one lower down in
his body. This theory waa received with
incredulity by the Jurymen, but their
skepticism was satisfied when they ap
plied their hands to the man's ribs and
could feel the organ beating in the usual
manner. The medical men stated that tha
sufferer might live for several years,
notwithstanding the extraordinary dis
placement of his heart, but that he was
more liable to heart failure and would ex
perience great difficulty In doing his
work. Under these circumstances tha
jury awarded the" plaintiff heavy com
pensation.
"The Southern dances are th» best for
this. The body lets itself go more than
In skirt and fancy dancing. If you look
at It that way you can see that negroes
are one of the most graceful races In the»
world. That- Is, the negroes who are aa
they were made. The most that we see In
the North and West are artificial. They
are cheap imitations of us and the result
Is awkwardness. But the real plantation
nigger moves In curves as an animal does
—oh, I can't describe them— If you could
only see for.yourself !**
His Heart Changed
Its Position
"Besides the goo^ that dancing does, it
is pure pleasure," says Miss Vincent. "In
fact It's the best fun that I ever have.
After my turn I come off the stage feeling
like a princess — the way you feel after'*
morning swim or a brisk walk. Dancing
puts life Into your body. All the muscles
are relaxed and strengthened.
out one never thinks of that !n watehra*
her grace. She Is not the heavily athletic
young woman that the average vaudeville
dancer Is. She Is lithe and her body seems
to obey every whim that enters her orig
inal head.
*» T"S perfectly abrord," eay* Querlta.
|| ~rn« Idea!"
ii Bne evidently mean* that It really
le absurd. Querlta usually means
what ehe •ay*. She eald once upon a time
that *h# was going to be a buck ar.d wing
fiascer.
"It is absurd. I pay. to think for a min
ute that the body can't be trained to as-
F-jrrr any s«ty> of pose and motion." says
Vincent. "You can Just as well learn
the loosi-Jotatefl motions of the Southern
'.anccrti as the ramrod popes of society.
The latter are far more artificial than the
former."
Perhap? fhe is hardly a fair Judge of
what ran be done with any given body. It
Is hard to believe that hers was ever
made after the conventional pattern that
Providence u*es. It can be folded up for
pocket us«« or bent over backward until
It is double; it can fall to pieces, to*, and
th«"n Querita can pick it up and put it to
pe'her. And when you look at her you
Bnfl it a bit hard to take her word for it
thst anybody's body can be trained to do
likewise.
She eays she can prove It. though.
"When I was in Chicago I danced at
Mrs. Potter Palmer's house." she says.
"In the East, you know, that sort of
thing Is often done. After I was through,
ere of the guests a»ked me to give her
private leseons.
"I almost laughed In her face. So would
you if you had seen her.
"She waa one of the would-be-English
type of society girl. She walked as a
r>rtr ef tones would Jt tt canld, and she
Querita Vincent Tells the Secret of Buck and Wing Dancing
Querlta threw her arms about her Joy
fully. "That's it!" she cried. "That's thw
way. Let yourself go and you can learn
the buck and wing!"
•And with courage renewed they set to
work again and In three lessons the pupil
was well on the way toward rivaling her
teacher. "She had enough natural grace
and her full allowance of Joints, but she
had trained her body in the ways of swell
dom, and she had to get back to first
principles before she could dance. She
was a success finally and the dancing
practice grave her grace in all ways. There
Is no such all-round physical training as
dancing."
Miss Vincent learned her buck and wing
steps at first hand. While she was In
New Orleans a few years ago she began
watching the pickaninnies on the levees.
She watched them at first because they
were blessed black babies and they
amused her. Later she discovered that
they knew something about dancing that
they might teach her.
When this dawned upon her she began
to spend her pennies in getting them to
dance more. From 9 to 12 every day she
stayed on the levees, the pupil of the
bucks and pickaninnies. She absorbed
while she was there. Then she went back
to the hotel and tried the steps over and
over until she had them perfectly.
After she had learned .the steps of the-
Southern dances her next task was to
make them all over. She took a tuck In
them here, she let out a seam In them
there, and by the time she was through
you would never have known them for
the steps they started* to be.
In the first place, no two darkles dance
alike. They make their own steps to suit
themselves. So there are no Ironclad
rules for buck and wing dancing, and
Querlta takes the most impudent liberties
with even such as there be. But she
never gets away from the spirit of the
thing. The keynote of buck and wing
/lancing is to fall to pieces, and this
Querlta follows faithfully.
There is a history attached to these
loose- Jointed motions. In old days It was
customary for the negroes to dance
against time. Long before they were
weary they would pretend to be and then
set In a tumbling step with the purpose
of making spectators believe that their
finish was near. ¦?Then came a sudden
rally that proved the tumbling all a
hoax. Little by little, though. It becams
incorporated In the dance, until It was
the principal part of It.
"Cakewalklng Is built on a good deal
the same plan," says Miss Vincent; "but
a true cakewalk Is almost a play when It
is done by those who understand its sig
nificance. From the old French country
dances it sprang— those that were known
In the New Orleans region— and It de
veloped under the encouragement of tha
plantation masters.
"The cakewalk of slave days was a woo*
Ing. In it the man's choice of a partner
meant more than for the dance. It signi
fied his proposal of marriage.
" 'Will yo' accep' ma nan' foh de cake
walk. Miss Jemima Mehltabel?' he would
say. And Jemima Mehitabel's reply
meant yes or no for life.
"But you can't guess what dancing
means to the health." rambled on Quer
lta. "I'd like to pet Into a good argument
with anybody and show that dancing can
win out against all kinds of exercise. I'd
like to prove that It's away ahead of swim
ming. It keeps the hair much dryer, for
one thins; but that Isn't the, only reason.
It's far and away better than fencing,
because It Isn't so one-sided. Golf Is
eclipsed beside It. for golf Is a lazy game.
"Above all things, dancing gives grace.
A good dancer Is always a good walker.
If you dance much and well, that Is la
a free way. not In stiff glides, every mo
tion you make will be graceful."
Watch Querita. and see If yon don't
think her theory la worth something. Sh«
Is as Ions as the moral law. you know.
THE SUNDAY' CALL.
11
Fhotcs by Strauss of St. Louis and Coover A Rasmussco of San Frarjclsco.its tenth thousand, and Is being drama
tized by a well known playwright.
Canon H. D. Rawnsley has written his
Impressions of this year's "Passion Pliiy"
at Oberammergau for the September At
lantic. For the careless tourist he thinks
there Is still wholesome medicine at the
play, but he says with evident reluctance
that "Oberammergau with Its old sim
plicity Is Oberammergau no more."
The stories In the September East and
West are "The Lion's Share," by Virginia
Woodward Cloud., and "A "Woman of Af
fairs." by Anthony Lcland. An Interest-
Ing and original poem Is "A Little Love
Song of the Sea Flowers," very Insinu
ating with its subtile run and rhythm.
Another poem is "Ashes to Ashes." by
Clarence Wellford. Mr. Nicholson's "A
Hopeful View of Poetry" \s the star fea
ture of the magazine for this month, how
ever.
It is stated thr»t of a thousand volumes
of travel which Dr. Edward Leigh Pell
examined in the preparation of hia latest
book. "The Bright Side of Humanity."
scarcely two hundred dwelt at any length
upon the virtues of the people whom they
profess to describe, while most of them
faithfully mirrored all the vices In sight.
"The P>ri£ht Side, of Humanity" is the
first serious attempt that has been made
to present the distinguishing noble traits
of all races. It will be published by the
B. F. Johnson Publishing Company, Rich
mond, Va., and will bg ready September 15.
"The Love Letters of a Volunteer" (Krie
Mackay) and "The Love Sonnets of Pro
teus" (Wilfrid Scawen Blunt) are both
such wp.H-known literary -masterpieces
that it Is unnecessary to have to recom
mend them to. the reading public. We
note, however, that both cf these books
are to be Issued this fall by Doxey's (at
the Sign of the Lark. Xew York), uniform
with the other charming volumes in the
Lark Classics series, and we can there
fore conscientiously bespeak a kindly re
ception for them. The Lark Classics are
handy in size and typographically perfect
and they are just the booklets to keep in
a home library or slip In the pocket when
off on a vacation. Paper, 25 cents; cloth,
50 cents; English leather, $1.
The following books are announced by
Doxey's (Sign cf the LarkV New York, to
appear among the fall publications:
"Laus Venerls" and other poems, by Al
gernon Swinburne, with introduction by
Howard V. Sutherland; ;,*'Shakdspeare's
Sonnets,'^ with initial letters by Porter
Garnett, and a handsome decorative titlo
page, both uniform with the other vol-
embodies the official reports of officers In
command to their superiors and to thp
"War Department at Washington—state
ments written on the spot and without
embellishments. 'Such matter as this Is
history and the author deserves tho grati
tude of his countrymen, for the labor of
compiling all this Interesting -data and
these reports must have been tremendous.
Only a mind such as Mr.. Halstead's.
trained by long and laborious Journalism,
could have been capable of the task.
The volume is excellently bound and
typographically perfect. It contains 794
pages and In addition has nineteen maps
and charts of value, together with 161 full
page illustrations taken by official photog
raphers. The photographs on this page
were reproduced from the book, and de
ppite a necessarily slight loss in the re
production will by their clearness Indi
cate tho exceptional merit of those in Mr.
Halstead's work from which they have
been copied. • i~- : '-
In tpcaking of the matter of collecting,
the material for this history, Mr. Hal
stead says: .
"The task of historical writing has been
remarkably simplified by the open door
policy of the President and his Cabinet
in officially telling the people 'the truth,
the whole truth and nothing but the
truth,' the secrets of a war in Its evolu
tion In the drift of events at first 'glacial,
then torrential, 'shooting Niagara' into
the whirlpool in the course of prepara
tions and plans, the conduct of campaigns,
tho talk over wires from battlefields to
the White House and the War Depart
ment — all thia never until now has been
so unreservedly placed before the world."
The author has been very thorough In
the treatment of his subject, covering
every possible phase from the origin of
the war to the treaty of peace, and with
two concluding chapters devoted respec
tively to a "Review of the War and tho
Commission on the Conduct of the War
Department" and "The Occupation of Our
New Possessions."
His chapters on the. way the war busi
ness was handled and the object lesson,
of the voyage of the Oregon are especially
interesting and instructive. .
h!<ln>n under tier !.om de plume. Mar
garet AUston.
The book should be reau, and will be
enjoyed by any one. who lias lived in or
vlsitrd the Hub. for. although the char
acters are Introduced by strange names,
their identities are easily discovered. The
author knows her Boston, and she di3
cusies with delightful candor the Idiosyn
crasies of the smart set.
Her pictures, of modern society is per
fect, and tho functions, clul»3 and con
certs to which she refers arc ensily re
called by any one who has been there.
Frank O. Small has done tho Illustrations,
end so cleverly are they drawn that it is
difficult to think that he came well nigh
being crippled. It is very gratify ing to
hee his work again, and rest has evidently
strengthened his ability. The book is a
great success and In Its present form Is
most attractive. (Published by L. C.
Page & Co., Boston. Price $1 25.)
Trjc Lunatic at Large.
In "The Lunatic at Large" J. Storer
Clouston draws a curious character— a
combination of brilliancy and Irresponsi
bility. Many of the situations are de
llcloualy funny, and at all times the luna
tic keeps the reader on the alert in follow
ing his escapades. The way In which he
treats poor little Lady Alice, a child of
sentiment, who befriends him. Is inexcus
able, even in a lunatic: but she finally dis
covers in the Baron a more appreciative
person, who easily falls a victim to her
pretty face.
The Baron is the most admirable char
acter lri the book, and it is he whom the
lunatic meets just after he has escaped
from the asylum, and together they go
sightseeing in London, where most of the
ridiculous situations are enacted. . ¦
When one comes to the end of the ro
mance ho wonders whether he has met a
bona fide lunatic or a fellow with a slight
mental disorder, but a greater ability for
working people.
The book Is clever from beginning to
end and Just the sort' of thing to read
aloud.. (Published by D. Appleton & Co.,
New Tork. Price $1.)
The Black. Homer of Jimtov/rj-
"The Black Homer of Jimtown." by
Ed Mott, is a collection of short stories
told by an old darky in the North Caro
lina negro dialect- According to the
author, "Jimtown Is In the. piny woods/
where the air is soft and dry and balmy,
nnd people live long." The book contains
eighteen sketches in all and a correspond
ing variety of subjects. For- those inter
ested In the folklore of the negro the book
will prove good reading, as Mr. Mott has
wrong upon a more intimate acquaintance
wlih the' subject matter. Mr. Kneedlcr
h»ts begun on the right lines. He says:
"The Optimist affords a free parliament
for the expression of opinion. A few
pages the editor reserves for such utter
ances us he sees lit to make without ap
peal to the humor of his subscribers. If
he diverts himself and here and there
chances to find u. reader, well and good.
If not. It concerns no one. except himself.
Forty or fifty pages will be set apart in
each Issue for the expression of others,
and the only restriction is that they pass
muster on the score of originality of ideas
and vigor orfflicity of expression."
That gives an indorsement that tho
magazine will be the exponent of strong
and.frcft thought, and an editor who takes
but a" few pages for himself to "divert
himself" and cares not for the number of
his readers Is pretty sure to have plenty
of them.
In the opening number are some excel
lent articles by S. H. M. Byers, Ernest
Ingersoll, W. M. Beardshear, Ella Wheel
er Wlleox and a host of others.
Mr. ICncedler intends his magazine as
a vehicle - for the literary expres
sion of the Middle West. May his enter
prise prosper! (Published monthly by the
Nevernod Press, Boone, Iowa; 10 cents
per copy, $1 per year.)
Dorrjinicana.
The golden Jubilee number of the
Domlnlcana. published by- the Dominican
fathers of San Francisco, is cne in which
ths fathers may well take pride. It con
tains not only much of peculiar interest
to Catholics but articles that will hold,
the general reader's attention as well.
"Fifty Years of Catholicity in California."
illustrated by ! half-tone portraits, is es
pecially appropriate at this time, as is
also the poem entitled "The Discovery of
San Fruncisco Bay," by Richard Edward
White. Sister Rosalia. O. P., has an in
teresting paper on "A Day on Tamalpals,"
Illustrated by clear nnd comprehensive
half-tone reproductions. . ,i» '¦ ¦:; ¦>- 1 ? >
ImpressiOQS
Elder & Shepard are to be complimented
upon the appearance of the . September
number of their magazine. "Personal Im
pressions" made many friends and "Im
pressions" will make still more. The pub
lishers have abbreviated the name of their
periodical to "Impressions," but the mag
azine jtself* has been enlarged as far as
its contents Is concerned: and while be
f»rrf it was everything that could be de
sired by lovers of art' and literature it is
now still better, for there are more of the
good things. The supplements which are
covering the Initial preparations and the
first six months of the war. the transfers
from th° Indian cstabl shment, the reserve
and militia and the colonial corps to the
British establishroent, until it reached
239,853 men, 1^3.000 above the normal
j?tr«T,«th. was £43.ei",200. Th's was dis
tributed as follows:
Pay of the army £9,900/0)
Medical establishment 423.80}
Militia 'pay, etc) 1,071.00.)
Yeomanry cavalry <pay and al
lowance?) £0,000
Volunteer corps C39.2C0
1-and and sea transport and
purchase of remounts and
transport animals 10,630,000
Provisions, forage, etc 8,325.50)
Clothing 2.240.0C0
"Warlike and other stores 5,281,003
Engineer services .*. 1.4G1.000
War OIHie. maintenance, staff,
cables, etc 258.300
Extra surplus provided by orig-" ¦•, r-'
Inal peace estimate for the
year 3,225.530
Total .' £13.617,230
"A penual of these figures will prove
that, while the British soldier has had
5-mall cause for complaint, the interests
of the Dritish taxpayer have been care
fully studied. Certainly in no war In his
tory have more ample provisions been
rnatle for the army.
"If the people of the British empire by
legislation will curtail the monopolies of
financial magaates and aid their adminis
trators to as carefully foster the colonial
spirit in South Africa as in other great
self-governing colonies it will be safe to
prophesy that the expenditure cf blood
r.r.fl money will prove trivial for the good
accruing." (Published by Little, Brown
& Co.. lioston. Price $2.) •
'.•:¦:. - ' . — .
A.Drean) of a Tbrone
This powerful 'romance, by Mr. Em
breo.deals with a Mexican uprising half a
century ago. It is a very dramatic story,
telling of thrilling adventures of charac
ters full of life.
The writer shows a perfect knowledge
of both the scenes of his story and Mexi
can life.
Vicente, the leader of the revolt, is the
son of tiie last daughter of the ancient
royal house which corresponds to the
house of ilcntczuma in the Azetc capital.
An American. Iiodrigo. is opposed to him.
The following account of the death of
Vicente will give an Idea of the strength
of the story:
"They led him straight up the steep and
rupged hill, the crowd remaining at ltd
bottom. The example -would be held high,
in sight of all the world, that revolutions
might be no more. The climb was difficult
ar.d wearying. But he never halted or
seemed fatigued. It was rather that he
led them than that they led him. He was
among the first, even the first. He went
up steadily, strongly, his eyes raised.
Cactus and bowlder and shrub he saw not.
He seemed to run to meet death, so that
the soldiers scarcely could follow. They
emerged at last on the summit. He was
already there. lie stood on the highest
rock and swept that incomparable scene
with ' his eyes— Chapala under him. its
red-tiled roofs lit by the setting sun; the
cape and the lake's vast sweep beyond;
the island lying email and black in the
f~» PLEASING story is Pauline Brad
/ \\ ford Mackie's latest book, "A
Jl Georgian Actress." In the begin
ning it even pives the promise of
FTCa.tr ess, for Miss Mackie, or rather
Mrs. Herbert Muller Hopkins, for that Is
tho suthor's real name, has a very delicate
Toi:ch in her descriptive and Idyllic pas
pages. The f.rst part of her present Work
has tor its :<''ttii:g the early colonial days
in America and later the scene shifts to
Kr.piand of the time of Gcoifc-3 III, just
prior to the outbreak of the American
Revolution. It Is in describing the life at
the "Hail" and the quaint poetical .ciis- 1
toir.s a -id fantastical legends of tha In
dians vhfTO Mrs. Hopkins possesses her
prcatost power. There live the two
daxs-hK.rs of Sir William Johnson, Ann
e-.id V'ZSY. under the euaniianship of
Madame Van Yrar.k'.n. The two girls aia
kt'i't in tho strictest seclusion and never
&Jlowed outside the gatca. Bir William
(a not a. very frexjuent visitor at his own
home, for he is kept busy in the adminis
tration of Indian affairs, nor does he take
s. particular Interest in his children, with
the exception of his son John, who has
been educated In En^-and and is not a
part of the household of the Hall.
Tii« story hiryjea upon events which
}.&••• happened prior to the time of ths
opening chapter of the book. It seems
that Madame Van Vrankin was at one
time greatly admired by Sir William and
honored by the offer of his hand, which
the promptly refuted and married instead
young Peter Van Vrankin, a worthy s>ol
d:er. by whom she has a son. Madame
tire* of the qu'&t life of the colonies and
goes arroad. She delays returning home
at the request of her husband and finriiir
comes back, to learn that he has been
kllicd aud her son has disappeared — prob
nbly is also dead. Overcome with re
morse, she resolves to accomplish what
good the can in the world to atone for
her n«-g!ect of husband and child. Prior
to her departure Irom the colonies tna
hL.d sold a feervant to Sir Wiiiiam. a high
Dutch teirl. l*;«on h«-r return and after
learning of the loss of her husband nnd
con she lino's this piri upon her deathbed
ainl the mother of a su:: uiid two tiau^n
ters by F:r William. Madame foroea tiir
William it. marry the motlier of his ch.l
clrer. and madame takes the two giris to
:.\ • with her in the seclusion of the Hall
upon condition thai she shall nave* at>o
lute o-r.tn-l of them, ar.l in turn for this
they Inherit ntr great wealth upon
her death.
The hfe at the hall is beautifully writ
t* r. and tVie growth and K^a-dual deveiop
rnrr.t of the girls' characters charmingly
portrayed, Peggy, who favors her Dutch
mother with hir fair skin, square, stocky
liitio figure and stoical ways, and yet is
filled with the weird, poetical fancies of
the Indians, which sho has imbibed from
her deur old frit-nd Naukoska. . the gate
keeper, is h. i-irsonaliiy t«lriking!y intei
otir.g and out of the ordinary. It is with
regret that the reader parts with her Iat3r
when she fadr-p oui of Ihe tale. She Is a
little pc-rtu:; worth a siory herself, and if
Jklrs. Ilopkir.s shouid »ver decide to write
Eozne sketches Bomewb&t on the order of
those Bhftrt stories in which Francois Cop
poe so cleverly ir.termiriplcs poetical prose
and x>&thos — some tkttebes whore we
could again meet Naukoska and the tiny
Dutch maid or their counterparts— she
will strike the keynote wherein lies her
lasting success.
To hurry over the principal events,
Madame Van Vrar.kin dies and the girls
fro with their brother to England, where
tljty re-main together for a short timo,
end then John and his sister i'eggy re
turn to America. Ann studies for the
Etape with none other than the great Gar
rick. In her picture of the home life of
the Garrieks ilrs. Hopkins is again at her
b«H.
Ann. the principal character, rather sug
pi^-s the heroine of Robert Stephens'
book. "Philip Winwood." also a young:
colonial dame anxious to go to England
to enjoy the frivolities of 'society ar.d be
ccnie a. proat actress; hut Mrs. Hopkins'
Ann is not marred by the vicious qualities
v.'!ii<-h Stephens Rives lo his heroine, al
though Ann experience* the same turn of
CeeJiCgf and in her gradual distaste for
tbeaXricJJ life bfRins to think more of a
certain <\ipta:n «"iau?, whom she had m>:t
in tho colonies ar.d with whom she h:i<j
kept ;ij) a constant correspondence. Clau*
has been the intimate friend and helper
of Sir William in his dealings with the
Indians ar.d turns out to Ik- the long lost
Bon of Madame Van Vrar.kin. Ann has
rather looked down upori.Jiim as only a.
poor hunter, but eventually finds out ths
tru>; Mate of afTairs— that her own mother
was really the servant at one time of
Madair.« Van Vrankin. instead of that
lariy havinp been her mother's com
pa.i;:or!. as she had been led to suppose,
an<J thus Captain Claus Is of nobler birth
than herself. Her pride has' received a
further blow in the second marriage of
her father to an Indian woman, and this.
combiced v.:th her enlightenment of her
own Linn, the knowledge of the real po
»-;tion of Captain Claus and the distaste
for ih<i foppishness of tooiety. results in
ho complete a revulsion of feeling that
< ;i; lair. Claus upon hid visit to England
kr.ds himself the preferred suitor.
As a lor.g story the liook is good but r.ot
great. Taken svctionaHy there nr2 parts
which are Bplcadldly doiic. At times the
characters are bookish and amateurisn.
Itesult3 cannot properly follow some of
the causes given. (Published by L. C.
Page & Co., Boston. Price JloO.)
n South Africa With Bulier
Captiun Ueorjj* ClarKe Musprave, who
has also -mitten several other books de;jj
lrig with wars— notably "Under Three
Klacrs In Cuba"— !s !b<» author of "In
South Africa With Euller." Captain Mus
gnive explains that most of the book was
written on the field, whioh, is ample ex
cure for any literary FhortcominRs; but
In a history fucIi as this book is the mat
ter after ail is what the reader desires.
and he Is not particular a-s to !ts artistic
fcirrtcflipftnu-nt. The style is simple, plain
nr.d straight forward nnd the story told
ns it is by an American who was at the
<*ea.t of war and in a Rrx-td position to ob
tain information cannot he!p being of
weight. His !ack of sympathy for the
Boers is pretty well expressed in the fol
lowing
"Thanks to prominent Afrikanders, who
were exceedingly anxious that I should
prcsfnt their ride in the United States,
tholr views .ind aspirations were freely
fcrouglit to my notice. Hut familiarity
with the Taal is apt to breed contempt.
and. though one cannot be blind to th«
IRiicWnauocs of capitalists and the blun
ders cf lmi>crlaiists and ultra loyalists.
a c;<rcfui review of the facts will Iea3
true Americans, as lovers of universal
liberty, to realize that the only hope for
Eolith Africa llr-s in its federation under
tlie almost republican constitution guar
anteed bjr the British flag. Boer, or,
rather, Taal. ideals axe in antithesis to
liberty end progress. They are founded
on hatred of the Anglo-Saxon— a hatred
liascd on past Injustice, but fanned to
flame by intrifruing foreigners controlling
tho Transvaal."
Tiictn words coming from an American
T.l.o claims Vo have been In no way biased
ajjalr.st the cause of the Boers seem to
offer rather a stumlijing block to those of
the Ur.itfd States who would countenance
intcnentfon on the part of this Govcrn
tr.^nt.
The history begins with the sending of
tfce J?oer ultimatum to England and a
recitation of the conditions which led up
to the same. Then follows the istory of
the military operations Jn detail and those
or Sir Iicdvcrs Bullor in paracular. The
Total loss 1,292 officers 19,443 men
"The operations against Pieters Hill
head the list, with an aggregate loss of
113 officers and 17S2 men. Spion Kop cost
87 officers and 1C4G men. At Cronje's cap
ture at Paardeburg the losses were 98 of
ficers and 14S6 men. Up to May 13, 480 of
ficers and S42I men had been invalided to
Kngland, some 20C0 more were in hos
pitals in South Africa and I roughly esti
mate that th«» io S 3 covering the occupa
tion of Pretoria nfrpreRates 1200. of which
tho proportion of killed is not heavy.
"The financial cost of the war should
be carefully compared with the expendi
ture of the Spanish-American and Philip
pine warp. The supplemental army esti
mate for the year ending March 31. 1900.
book is exceptionally well Illustrated with
half-tone reproductions and explanatory
maps.
Captain MusgTave's figures are interest
ing in connection with the matter of cost
In modern warfare. He says:
"The war has surprised but has not yet
staggered humanity. The losses have been
rather heavy end the cost high. During
the first seven months of the war, to mid
night of May 12, 1900, the losses were: I
Killed in action 227 officers 2,111 men
Died of wound? 5S officers B13 men
Missing and prison
e r s (excluding
those recovered
before this date). V& officers 4.251 men
Died of disease 75 officers 2,417 men
Accidental deaths.. - 1 officer- 54 men
Wounded 703 officers 10.063 men
water's middle; all the great bosom of
that inland sea casting up light to him;
Tizap.'ir invisible; blue mountains rising
in the' eternal circle.
"It was then that his last sorrow fell
like a curtain on him. He gazed at the
sands of the beach and the row of tiny
huts along It. He had lived there in his
only happy time. Before all this wild
dream he had been full of i.fe there: he
had had her, too, and the love of her;
and there, where the sun fell yellowest,
he had played with her In the Ions even-
Ings or on moonlit nights In the sand. It
fwept over him that there was the Eden
from which some stern power had driven
them out. He passed his nand over his
eyes and was heard to say:
" 'That I might turii— that I might re
trace these steps and go back— my God!
my God! then might I find the cherubim
and the flaming sword that turned every
way and know at last where Is the tree
of ilfe:'
"They let him stand where he was and
the arrangements made and the word
given, he was shot. On St.
Michael's stony head one ma still see
the cross which marks the spot where ho
fell. (Published b" L .tie. Brown & Co..
Boston. Price, $1 50.)
Full Official History of the War
Witb Spain.
"A Full Official History of the War
With Spain," by 'Murat Halstead, has
just been published, and is the best book
on the subject that has been presented for
our notice. The volume Is, as the name
Undies, "a full official history." for it
«mM 1t» the Lai* Clashes Bertea. X**p«r,
yXS'/JtotSTw cents; English leather.
With the Hoe." by Edwin
M Jkham. a muytrated by P^^t;
"Recessional." by Rudyard KlpUn,. Illus
trated by Florence Lundborg "The Vam
pire." by Rudyard Kipling. Ulus tratedby
Lander Phelps: all uniform with the Lark
edition series. 75 cents: Ivory tinted paper
with two water colors, Jl <#¦
"Jacinta, a California Idyll; and Other
Vei«" by Howard V. *«*£*»±
Boards, email foolscap, 8vo.. 70 pages, 15
cents. ,
"The Brass Bottle." the new romw«
by P. Anstey. which Is said to be In the
brilliant "Vice Versa" vein, la to bepu,
lished. probably in September, by £>. Ap
pleton & Co.
Truth for September contains an ar
ticle on Thomas Moran. America a well
known painter, which Is fully illustrated
in both black and white and color. The
first installment of Mrs. Burton Harr.
son's delightful trip through Finland also
appears In this number, and there is an
interesting Illustrated article on in cio
Sam's Life Savins Service." "The City o.
Boston" is a special feature, illustrated in
color and In black and white. There are
short Stories, poem.-', humorous mauer
ar.d the usual well-filled departments.
Ther*> are some striking pen pictures of
Chinese life in "The Attache at Peking.
by A. B. Freeman Mitford. who was a. *
one time secretary to the British «n- \
bassy to China. Freeman MItford'a book
consists of a .'cries of letters describing
Taku Tientsin. Tunpchow. Shanghai. Pe
king find Canton, and it is full of shrewd
obrervatlon and study of Chinese man
ners e-nd customs. The author had a keen
eye, too. for odd and amusing Incidents,
many of which make very lively and en
tertaining reading. The Macmillan Com
pany will publish the book early In Sep
tember.
"The Religion of Democracy." by
Charles Ferguson. Is announced for early
publication by Elder & Shepard, San
Francisco. The aim of the book is to
show that Americanism 13 a religion, that
the social structure of this country is
based upon the axioms of a faith which Is
the quintessence of historical Christian
ity, that the historic church — having
served as a mighty causeway between tho
old world regime and th*» new— here
merges Its structure Into an identity with
the structure of the secular order, that
Americanism Is in its nature revolution
ary ami that American principles, "social
and political, are sharply antithetical to
European principles.
Dndrt. Mead & Co. announce a work on
"The Chinese Problem. " by Chester Hol
cornbe, author of "The Real Chinaman.'*
Mr. Holcnmh? was* connected with the
United States Legation at Pekln, China.
as Interpretrr and secretary and In other
capacities, from 1ST! to 1SS5; and since
that time he has been concerned with ex
tensive commercial and financial ques
tions In that country. In his new book ha
deals with the peculiar character and con
ditions of the Chinese which have pro
duced the present uprising. These people
ar* devoted to all sorts of secret societies
for social, political, philanthropic and
other purposes, and every uprising or
disturbance !n modern China has been
brought about by such an organization.
Mr. Holcombe thinks that the Chinese are
quiet and orderly as a rule, yet given to
perfect cyclones of unexplalnable excite
ment, when they are wild with frenzy and
know neither reason nor fear.
Judge Francis Lowe'l opens the Sep
tember Atlantic with "The American Boss
—His Rise ar.d Sources of Power."
P>rook3 Adams follows with "Russia's In
terest in China," a very present question
ably discussed. Mrs. Candee pictures tho
wonders of "Oklahoma," and Canon
Rawnsley sketches "Oberammergau."
Mrs. Foote begins "The Prodigal" — a bril
liant short serial.- A noXahle group of
great general Interest comprises Paul
More's "Ancient Feud"— apropos of Tol
stoi; Margarethft Muller*3 "Gerhart
Hatiptmann"— on the recent German Re
naissance; Canon Everett's "James Mar
tineau"; Oplen's "The Press and Foreign
News"— In praise of old methods; Trent's
"Old Southern Newspaper" — with appetiz
ing extracts; and Fernald's dissection of
•— )odern kindergarten child. Reviews
of "Art Education for Men," "Recent
American Fiction" and "Books on Ja
pan"; attractive short stories; brilliant
poems and a lively Contributors' Club also
appear.
In his new book. "The Boer« in "War."
to be issued shortly by D. Appleton & Co..
the author, Howard C. Hlllegas, who
wrote "Oom Paul's People." says that th«
Boers never hail more than 30.000 armed
men in the field at any time. According to
the British War Office there were no Ios3
than 250,000 Encrllsh soldiers in South Af
rica to subdue this handful of Boers. Mr.
Hillegns gives an excellent account of the
Boers' method of fighting. He says that
their generals cannot compel thorn to go
into a fight, but that the commanders
ri'ust call for volunteers whenever a. bat
tle is imminent. The author spent four
months with the Boer forces, and ho has
written a book which is quite different
from the usual war booka. None of th»
matter in the book has appeared in print
before, and almost all of the many Illus
trations were taken by himself. ' "The
Boers in War" is uniform in size with
"Oom Paul's People." anil those who r«*nd
that study of the South African patriots
will find the new book a fit companion
piece and more interesting than the for
mer volume.
BcoKs Re&sived
A CHILD OF LIGHT— By Newton N.
Riddell. Child of Light Publishing Com-
Danv Chicago. Price; ?2.
CHINA'S OPEN DOOR— By Rour.sevelle
Wildman, United States Consul General
at Hongkong. Lothrop Publishing: Com
pany, .Boston. Price, $1 50.
WORLD-CRISIS IN CHINA. 1P00— By
Allen S. \?1U. John Murphy Company,
Baltimore. Mil. Price. $1.
THE CRICKET OX THE HEARTH—
By Charles Dickens. Cassell's National
Library. New York. In paper 10 cents.
A PAIR OF KNAVES AND A FEW
TRUMPS—By Douglas Flattery. The
Abbey Press, New York. Price, $1.
MR BUNNEY, HIS BOOK— By Adah
L. Sutton. The Saaliicld Publishing Com
pany Akron, Ohio. Price. $1 25.
THE MAID OF MAIDEN LAXE; a ae
quel to "The Bow of Orange"— By Ame
lia E. Barr. Dodd, Mead & Co., New York.
Jl 50.
RECOLLECTIONS OF A MISSION
ARY IN THE GREAT WEST-By Cyrus
Townsend Brady. Charles Scrlbner's- Sons,
New York. $1 -3.
THE ADVENTURES OF A BOT RE
PORTER-By Harry Steele Morrison. L.
C. Page & Co.. Boston. $1 25.
WIXEFRED-By Baring Gould. L. c
Page & Co.. Boston. $1 50.
PUNCHINELLO- -By Florence Stuart.
L. C. Page & Co.. Boston. Jl 50.
THE GLORY AND SORROW OP \OR
WICH-By M. M. Cake. L. C. Pase &
Co.. Boston. J1C0.
GRAVEN ON THE TABLES-Bjr "W E
Love. L. C. Page & Co.. Boston. 33 cents
PRINCIPLES OF COLONIAL GOvl
ERNMENT-By Horace N. Fisher. L C
Page & Co., Boston. 23 cents
WHY GO TO CHURCH ?-Cy Lyman
Abbott. L. C. Page & Co.. Boston. K
cents.
HEROINES OF THE BIBLE IX ART—
By Clara Ersldne Clement. L. C* Para *.
Co.. Boston. J2. K *
°u R C° MM0 * CHRISTIAXITT-Bv
Arthur P. Stanley. L. C. Page & C o Boa
ton. 33 cents. '* * ><J3 ~
SOWING AND REAPING-By Booker
T. Washington. L. C. Page & Co . Bosto'j
UHE YOUNG MAN IN BUSI\F<!a_i,
Wa Bo*, u C. rase i^^S.
The Macmillan Company has In hand a
fourth edition of William Stearns Davis'
"A Friend of Caesar." It is very seldom
that a book by an entirely unknown
writer achieves such a success In so short
a time. It Is now well on its way toward
"The Girl at the Halfway House," E.
Hough's successful new romance, is ap
pearing also in a Canadian edition.
Literary Notes.
being- printed with the magazine are very
artistic. In this September number Is
given one as remarkable .for" Its typo
graphical excellence as 't Is for literary
worth— the words' of Edward Howard
Griggs on a simply good life. The con
tents of the magazine Itself are excep
tionally interesting and include the fol
lowing: articles: "Some Phases of Cali
fornian Literature," by George Hamlln
Fitch; "The Charm of Omar Khayyam's
•Rubalyat,' " by Reglna E. Wilson; a re
view of Miss Scidmore's book, "China,
the Long-lived Empire." by Eli T. Shep
pard; "Conception of Immortality," by
Ernest Carroll Moore; "Hopes Concerning
Mr. James Lane Allen," by Thomas R.
Bacon; "The Complete Bachelor," by
Gelett Burgess; "On Reading Fiction," by
D. P. Elder; a review of Edith Wharton'3
"The Touchstone." by Mary Bell; a paper
en Pauline Bradford Maekie's latest book,
"A Georgian Actress," by Adeline Knapp,
end two prize stories .in The Children's
Room by Mary Watkins and May Sophy
Lilienthal.
A new Journal has been • born in the
month of September— The Optimist, pub
lished monthly at Boone. Iowa, by H. S.
Kneedler.' under the modest title of "A"
Little Journal of Criticism, Review and
Inspiration." A new book or publication
of any kind is to the reader like meeting
the friend of a friend. He is one you hope
will become a good friend of yours, and
the first thing you instinctively do is to
notice his outward appearance. For
many "first impressions" are everything-.
So it is for the reader; he picks up the
pamphlet or book and looks it over care
fully, cover and page by page, and very
often this first Impression formed from
its appearance is true of the matter it
contains. From these same first, impres
sions of the Optimist it should be a suc
cess. It is typographically neat, clear
and attractive; in size it is handy for
your pocket and can be a good traveling
friend; and, further, the paper is good and
arrangement of matter convenient. Nor
does one find his favorable Impression
The Optimist.
evidently been a careful student. To the
average reader who enjoys books of ¦hort
stories written in the English language
these will appear upon the first glanca
Impossible of comprehension without a
dictionary of the complicated negro dia
lect in which they are told. The sketches
originally came out In the columns of the
New Tork Sun. (Published by Grosset &
Dunlap. New York. Price V. 25.)
When "Her Boston Experiences" came
out in the Ladles' Home Journal it was
received with great favor, but now that it
has appeared in book form, with Frank
O. Small"s clever illustrations. Jt will be
doubly welcome. When it first came out
serially the author was discussed at every
afternoon tea, and her identity is still
Her Boston Experiences.
A volume of short stories of rather more
than usual Interest has Just been written
by Lieutenant Brady of the United States
Infantry. The book is dedicated to the
telegraphers of the country and seems to
be the outcome of personal experience.
The title, "Tales of the Telegraph," shows
the subject, and the scenes, taken from
the West, picture the life of a lonely op
erator—a life spent in midst of dreary
deserts or on the tops of distant moun
tains, where he must subsist entirely with
out comfort, yet assume the heaviest re
sponsibility. All 'of the stories are inter
esting and one or two are decidedly dra
matic. "A Woman Who Saved a Train"
is one of the prettiest stories of the group.
The edition, though in paper, is not unat
tractive and the Illustrations are good.
(Published by Jamicson-Higgins Company,
Chicago. Price 50 cents.)
Talcs of the Telegraph.
From all lovers of unvarnished and
authentlo history told in the words of
those who made it Mr. Halstead'B work
should receive a warm welcome. It is
published by the Colonial Publishing Com
pany, Chicago, and Is sold only by sub
scription-
Readers never tlrs of reading of
Dewey's, splendid victory, and Mr. Hal
stead has presented it in peculiarly a<s
ceptable form, for he leaves it to bd told
entirely by those who won it.
THE SUNDAY CAI1I1.
12
BOOK REVIEWSabout twenty feet square, called the ki>a.
In the side of the mesa at the pueblo of
Walni. It is the holy spot among the
hlehest order of medicine men, who are
known as water priests by th© Moquls. A
few whites were permitted In the kiva
during the recent feeding of the snakes.
When the chosen guests were escorted to
the grotto and helped down a few stone
steps at about 11 P. m. they saw a small
burning fire In the middle of th« apart
ment. An old Indian. Btrlped with paint
from head to foot, slowly and solemnly
added branches of twigs to the flames. A
rude stage of adobe and stones had been
made at the farther end of the kiva. Upon
it were growing stalks of corn and shoots
of bean plants, tnat-flourlshed.ln.com-
There were a aozen snake Images,
carved and painted with remarkable real
ism. They were lying near the growing
corn. 'They were five and six feet long,
three or four .inches in girth at the
largest parts. The painting on them gave
a startling and eerie appearance. No one
was allowed to approach nearer than about
ten feet to the grewsome effigies, and no
one ever handles them on pain of dread
ful punishment, unless after appoint
ment by the watch priests for participa
tion In the annual ceremony of feeding
the "sacred serpents." The heads of the
Images were as large as a man's, head,
and evidently of wood.. The eyes -were of
a peculiar green, that gave them a shock
ing gleam even in the darkest part of the
stone chamber. There were contriv
ances by which the eyes of the effigies
were opened and closed as quick as an
electric flash and without the least sound.
The mouths could be opened and shut
with an ease that was astonishing. There
were two rows of shining white teeth in
the mouths, and long, forked, blood-red
tongues were shot forth from the throats
of the snakes. . The bodies were painted
exactly like huge rattlesnakes. Even the
scales of the reptiles were reproduced
with a fidelity to nature that caused some
shudders to the palefaced spectators.
At the sudden beating of a drum-like af
fair that sounded similar to a Hindoo tom
tom, the performers , of . tho night- came
running; . in from an adjaoent apartment.
For about half an hour this performance
lasted. In a second the serpents' heads
were withdrawn and the pandemonium of
noises ceased as if by magic. The tom
tom was a^aln beaten as another signal,
the curtain was lowered. There stood the
growing green corn. The performers, now
sleek and dripping with perspiration, once
more ranged themselves at the side of
the stone platform and began new dances
and feats in leaping and howling. It was
now past midnight. The Indian guide said
the ceremony would not cease until day
light, and that several of the dancers had,
often kept up such extreme physical eser
tloa. tor two- er thre* days a.t a tin*.
The naked, brown-.'klnned dancers, wttl»
their lank black hair hanging about their
faces, the monster snakes thrusting their
heads far out through the curtain, with
their gleaming teeth and their red
tongues; the masked figure holding one
of the largest under one arm while he fed
it with the other; the man struggling: with
one serpent while he strove to push aside
the head of another, which was reaching
out to seize him; the horrible combination
of sounds from behind the curtain — all this
by' the dim, flickering light of the- fira
burning in the center, at the midnight
hour, in a subterranean cavern hewn out
of rock, made up a thing of weird horror
never to be forgotten. The effect was the
result cf an Ingenious mechanism o£
springs Inside the. bodies of the snakes,
with clever kictir.g on the part of th© per
formers; but the illusion was perfect.
Suddenly there was a furious beating of
the tom-tom, and the dancers disappeared
behind the curtain as quickly as they had
appeared: THen two Indians came out
with a long pole. and. having deftly fast
ened cords to its ends, drew it up to the
celling. 'Attached to this pole was some
flimsy fabric that acted as a curtain in a
theater, and shut off the view of th«
stage when it was up. In a second a hush
cama over the assemblage, and every on»
that was concealed rrom >ic- oy an in
geniously arranged curtain of some fab
ric as to resemble the wails of the kiva.
There were twenty-eisrht dancers, and
they were all stronc limbed, tall and ath
letic Indian braves of* between the ases of
IS and 30. They were nude except for
breechcloths of skin, but painted with
white and yellow. Strings of turtleshell
rattles were tied about their ankles. At
another series of taps on the tom-tom af
fair they ranged themselves at the front
of the raised stage, and then, upon an
other signal./ began a slow, weird dance
movement in perfect unison. The rattles
at their ankles were moved in exact time
to the words and rhythm of their song.
The Indian guide whispered that that
was the way the female water snake was
called to see what they were doing to
please her. Other dances, songs— In differ
ent time and movement— but all of them
slow and monotonous, followed for an
hour or more. The spirit of each of the
savage invocations was rain, and much
of It.
Tho Pa-luli-kons Is another dance of the
Moquis. to propitiate the blacksnakes, and
It takes place annually in th« first week
Alter perhaps a half-hour's dancinir the
Fnakeg are thrown in a v/ri thins mass Into
the center of the/circle and are sprinkled
with holy' meal. The dancers drav" off
and then at a piven signal rush upon the
mass of BerpcntB. each brave seizing a*
many as he can with his two hands and
then bounding away over the prairie at
top speed. The snakes are then turned
loose and tho dancers return, racing at
their utmost, to the villajre. and are gath
ered in the religious council or ceremony
which follows.
The band forms in a circle and the bas
ket of serpents is brought forth. One of
the chiefs, hideously painted, opens the
cage an-I as each brave marches past
wrests h.s naked arm wlthfn and Jerks
from it a writhing serpent, which ho
hands to the buck. The snak- dancer
bends forward his hideously marked face
s:id se zes the snake by its middle with
h.i^V 1 , The s * r Pent stru&eles wildly.
while Ills human captor. Reticulating and
KjratjriK. joins In the soitrr.n rhvthmic
moxemert In which, after each brave has
boen supplied with ierpents: the whole
band !s soon part.eip.-uins. Round about
the saend circle the entito Moqul nation
fnl'"« y iV " h i. T^? &O JSS awc - Thore '« noth
inj? to break the stillness save the his«=ine
of v.,. e cr l )f ' nts a^-d tho rnttlins of the
pebbles in the shells of the v.-arriors 1 Ie?s
The snakes themselves, although hljrhly
anim;ited. seem neither to rattle ror to at
tempt to *lin.J?. Once In a while in the
course of the (<r;nte a rattler will bury his
fangs ir. the body oi a brave, but he will
be pulled* away as If nothlnp has hap
pened, ar.d the brave who has been bitten
will continue the . danco with per'ect
equanimity. *-«=» -«;<-».
rattle loudly as the warrior moves, and
make of him. in sound at least, a human
rattler. Around each brow is bound a
nanrtne red handkerchief, the upper part
of lh« fort-head beinp painted a deep
black and the lower half with a black
and white band.
There 1* ever? reason to believe that a
larcc part of t^ft dances; ceremonlei and
religious fetes of the Uoqvi iDfii^r.s have
been ha.nded <!ovrn i;:i':hang>'j for hun
dreds of vears. The tribe is cut o!T from
essodatlon with other Indians «•?¦ the Terr
ritory. by bceral hundred Ettuaos raiir:i
of biirnifg desert that reach in every di
rection und by IS mug" of lofty mountains
and the rocky remains of extinct volca
noes. They llv«d In their present locality
cf nbr>oe lotip before ir:<; variiki- da\.? of
Ccronado VetUBXtda Cortex. They are
a proua rtrjej vd and silent race, and for
yc-o.rs rc-s-'Tilcd at;y visit? from white men.
The Mf»<iu5 sre "fnlculturai Indians, and
their" two •tFRSisest dances are j.ans of
ctrftr.r.ni'.s ih.-u woo tbe frwor of tbe God
of Rain T.Jiese their «.ioijs have J»ecn
plasted .-''id !n^.«ture is nefcessary to that
SreZStatlon. Th»- country is very arid, and
vatcr is caturaUy tb« most Inrrhiy nr.zed
sift th(» Eavases receive. Thej' have a
belief Aa» «om»»wh:'re away up among
the lOftUsi pcakJ of the Sierra Nevada*
triers rei«occ3 a monster rattlesnake.
n-^r>v jii'.i'^- )nr.s and uncountable rods
n ririh Tii" s»od will of this reptile
must be cultivated if there is to be any
lain or *nncv for the siowth of corn one.
melons an^ mesquite beans.
On each altcrnat« yc;.r the MoquJ peo
ple of the two m-fa«— Towa and WrJpI—
join in ceremonies in propitiation of the
ra~'n pods. This la one of the year* of
DroDitialioTi. ar.J the pnake dance that
was performed at Walpi the latter part
of August was probably as hideous an
Hffair e« was ever known in America.
The exiake ceremonies began August 18
and extended into the last week of the
month. The dancers carry living ana
wTlthinff rattlesnakes about In their
mouths »md pack a dozen or eo of the
reptiles In the bosom of th*ir garments
with perfect indifference aa to their bites
and venom. Such a feat of occultism Is
probably found nowhere else. Between
one hundred and two hundred younff In
dian braves ar« chosen by the Medicine
Man to enact the principal parts in the
rattlesnake- <Ja-r.ce. For weeks before the
ceremonies hs!f the Moqul tribe I? out
hunting over the sunbaked mesas,
through the canyons and among the sage»
br-.;«h on the foothills for rattlesnakes,
By in<-at-.s of a forked stick th<» serpents
are fastened to the ground whenever
spio.i. and the Indians are adepts at
catching and lapginy the reptiles by a
few r<:ro:t movements.
Hundred* of rattlesnakes are j>laee«l in
a l.u^-e basket In the outskirts of the vJl
lape. On the.appointed day of the festi
val tho ciiost!) warriors march forth to
the dandnit-STound. which has been
srrewn by liie fijuaws with sacred meal.
The craves arc srantlly clad, and on
each Ipz is a small terrapin ehell, ir.
which are placed small pebbles, which
t-]pJKE Tenders cf the occult sciences
; .'o by no means confined to the
. j'r.:::cf pe<ip;» of the roount«inou»
r^~r> of Northern Ind'a. alth^-:=n
the marvels of the scicme have been
more developed there than anywhere else
in :he world. There are several tribes
of Incurs In Arizona Territory that per?
form feats a* remarkable an«l astonish
ing as the greater part of tbr*« Been !n
India and Arabia. The Coccpahs perform
a f*>at <->f l«rtt»tlbn— 4tuit *.e. ih« power
of sufper.rilr.jr an article in midair with
cut me an? of wpport— and at certain
tribal cercyiier.ials the;. requently *us
per.d an arrow or a h: ih« air for
porr.e seconds. Tbe Pim*s or Southern
Arizona have several trick" lhat have
b.--c:i handed down 10 their medicine nit-n
thror.cfti £«-Tieratioiis U>n^ l>efore the 'lays
of Monteuma end «"<>rt«-z. in apparent
violation of laws of nature. For ins::ir.<-e,
travelers jr.iong them tell of »h*ir medi
cine man having caused the seaming
<5--a:h cf boy* by a poisonous weed and
tJipn af'er t he lads have h.-td two <2ay^
experience in th*> spirit world the m~>2i
c:n<» rnea have brought them h.-uk to Iff*.
Another feat of theirs Es said t.i i<e the
drfnkinc ad iib of Quantities ..f hVMi-.e
hot water with no raore effect upon them
than a draught from a <-<x>l. ?;>ark!i:-!«
spring. The Apaches Vnc a f«.-w Seats
In horscmanslr.p that border on th* 5n
credib'?. but tb« Moouis or Mok'.s or
Hopi [ff'il'Pf of Northtr-.i Arlzor.a axe tii»
n. i.-i i:Ae-rcFi'.::s ludian? !n po'.nt «>f
f-'r;-r.p;- CQStOBis ar<l startling ceretntmiea
< '. ¦ r.y in \ho Union.
The Moqyjs <"f>ea' e-iovirzr people*') i!ve
rearer to th» habits of tr.f-.r .inc-t'in
trr :; a.r.y Iridiant In l 1 .^.? SrutV.r.-est. Their
•• ; celebrations are to-day exactly
Similar to tho^e that Cnro-.atlo wrote
sliout '.n his military diary v/liers be
nsarched Uarotusfc Ari:i<-,r.a and New Mex
ico on e5cp€-<2!i:<j:i of conquest in V>V
Live Rattlesnakes in Their Mouths While They Dance
f>It th.it now was coming the climax. Tha
fire was renewed, and the air became op
pressively hot and noisome. Another
beating- of the tom-tom, and three old In
dians with nothing on but prodigious
strings of shells and teeth of wild beast3
r.nd paint from head to foot came forth.
Kach hail, a live rattlesnake about his
neck. They danced backward and, for
ward, unwound the reptiles from tnetr
necks and performed several feats with
the. writhing creatures. They threw them
In the air as one would a cat: they
placed them In their breechcloths and they
placed the heads of the reptiles in their
own mouths, while they leaped about and
swuns one another like rollicking; little
schoolboys."- «
Another signal on the drum or tom-tom
and ten young mon arrayed in paint and
ornaments, as the othors. ran forth upon
the raised platform. Kach seized one of
the realistic representations o£ the rattlers
and in a second was b;ick of the curtain.
In a moment it seemed as if piuidemon
ium was let loose. Such a noise as cam*
forth from behind that curtain could
hardly have been heard anvwhere elsa
than in a. menagerie of terrified beasts.
There wore far-splitting yells, piercinff
shrieks, sepulchral groans, startling Imi
tations of the pereeeii of a lynx, the howla
of a coyote and the grunt of an enra«ed,
grizzly bear, combined with hisses, roars
and every bars!] sound that the human
voice is rp.pable of and noises made on
Jndian mu>ieii! Instruments. The stono
chamber rang with the dreadful sounds.
ami a number of the white visitors were
Indeed very much frightened.
The noises had continued for a moment
or so when, at once, the serpents which
had been carried behind the curtain dart
ed their enormous heads through the holes
in its lower part, rno at each hole. They
camo out, head and back and almost half
their length- moving their heads from slda
to side as if singling out a spectator fop
attack, their white teeth gleaming, their
jaws opening wide and again closing with
a snap and their red, forked tongues con
stantly darting in and out of their
months. At the same time the performer
who had taken the snake under his arm
seemed about to be overpowered by It3
strength. It struggled to escape, twisting:
Its ugly neck about his arm, dnrting Ita
tongue into his very face, and then, rear
ing up. would throw itself out with a
mighty spring', so that he had to clasp
both arms around it and preaa it tightly
against his naked bosom to hold it. It
was simply awful. All this time the old
man in the white mask — who represented
the UnlTcrsa] Mother, the creator and
fructitler of everything— was moving rap
idly from one snake to another, sprink
ling upon the head of each some of the
sacred meal from the pouch hung at h!3
neck. The snake stretched out their long
necks as he approached, sometimes three
or. four fret beyond the curtain, pushing
their heads against each other and dart-
Ing out their tongues in their eagerness
to get at the meal and their anger at
the delay. As a head was thrust out the
old man would throw his right arm
ariiind the slimy neck and hold it close
attalnst lii.3 side while he allowed It to
lick up the m^al which he held out tx> It
in his left hand. As the make turned and
twisted it seemed to require his whole
strength to hold it. as much as If he
were trying to restrain an unruly horse
by th« bridle. At the same time the other
man was struggling with the other ser
pent, the sweat rolling down his naked
body and his muscles standing out like
those on a gladiator. The unearthly cries
and roars behind the curtain new ceased,
while the dancers at their «!(!« kept up
all the whi!e their monotonous* chant
a-step to the time of the turtle rattles.
THE SUNDAY CALL.
13
DO
?HE?R
HTDSOUS
?PJ£K£
' BY
THE
OP
The Moquis Are At It Again
of September. 8nd less than a half-dozen
persons outside of the tried and true war
riors of the nation are permitted to look
opon the hideous performance. The Pa
lull-kong Is performed for five successive
nights, and it was only by extraordinary
Influence with the snake priests that three
white people were admitted to the kiva
during the recent performances.
Of the Pa-luli-kong the feeding of the
eacred serpents is the most shocking and
grewsome. This part of the Moqul ritual
is performed in the dead of night in a sort
of stone grotto or subterranean chamber.
plete absence from the sun. The Indian
guide safd it had grown there rapidly In
the kiva this season, and that It meant the
big snake was going 1 to send heap rain
for the Moquls this year. About the rough
hewn walls of the chamber were horrible
wooden images of snakes, with green
skins, blood-red and shiny eyes and black
tongues. At each end of the raised stage
were mammoth representatives of horned
toads done in wood. The Indian guide
whispered that they were "heap old"—
had been there long before there were
any white men. anywhere.CHAPTER L
VALDA'S FIRST MEETING WITH THE
S. O.
VALDA BERISKOFF was the
daughter cf a former Rus?!an Min
ister et the court cf Peking. When
Count Berlskoff married an Ameri
can heiress who was globetrotting In
China he was compelled to leave little
VaJda entirely to her Manchu mother.
The mother, on whom the Count be
stowed the pension which backstairs eti
quette has established as proper from a
Minister and wMose connection with a
foreigner It wa.s fortunately possible to
conceal, was sold, together with her pen
elon. to Shenc: Ta-jan, a Chinese mandarin
of the second class, who bc-'onged to th«»
General Council and had the entree of
the Forbidden City. This mandarin hap
pened one day to get into trouble
through a. chip or scratch on one of the
twenty-five seals which passed through
his hands, and was thrown into prison,
during which misfortune he vras bled to
the extent of several hundred dollars a
Cay for the necessaries of life. As he was
not a rich man ruin stared him in the
face, when he was suddenly released, re
instated, and Foon after promoted. His
Manchu concubine had bribed a Manchu
member of the Inner Council In his be
half. What the sum wa«, where rhe had
obtained Jt and by what means she had
"placed" Jt her husbsr.d did not know, but
he Immediately married her and then
gradually admitted her to his confidence
until she obtained an entire ascendency
In the household. In this way little Valda
began l!fe with the advantages of a Chi
nese education. She was also initiated at
an early ace into the mystery of palace
Intrigues, for she became the medium of
communication between her mother and
the Russian legation.
Valfia was not. of course, her Chinese
name. Nor am I cure that it wa* Rus
elan; but we will let that pass.
When she was 10 years of age her Chl-
t
nese life came to an abrupt conclusion.
Valda's mother, being a Manchu. had not
permitted her child to be crippled, and
at this time she was beginning to ride
abroad In a tomboy fashion which scan
dalized her Chinese stepmothers, but
which received the cachet of approval of
a Manchu Prince of sporting proclivities.
One day, having left her groom to drink
wine and play cards at a suburban guard
house, sho was enjoying an evening
gallop all by her lone in the direction of
tho Imperial Hunting Park, when she
was overtaken by three young foreign
ers returning from their Sunday outing
In the hiiLs. They had just taken on
l>oard the last of many stout and cham
pagnes (a favorite Peking beverage), and
were inclined to have some fun. (The
child's equestrian eccentricities had been
talked of in the mess, and she was sup
posed to be a precocious nu-chi.)
Mounted on strong cross-bred ponies,
fed on beans, the young men easily
caucrht up with Valda's little pot-bellied
mare and began to crowd her, with very
Immature Chinese jests picked out of
BtenL Valda had a high spirit, as well
as a malicious humor, and retorted not
only with some choice repartee as culti
vated in the women's quarter, but with
her whip as well. Then one of the young
men, a handsome and stalwart youth In
deed, snatched her off her pony and kiss
ed her. Valda fought wildly and fell to
the ground, spraining her ankle. Her
captor dismounted and, unaware of her
hurt, teased her almost Indecently while
his companions eat on their ponies roar
ing with laughter. They were all mere
boys; one a student Interpreter of the
British legation and the others Junior as
sistants of the revenue mess, six months
out from Europe.
Suddenly the two stopped laughing; the
other, looking up at them and then over
his shoulder, whispered: " :
"Good God. the 'S. G.!' "
Tho two dismounted and the third stood
"If the Tsung Shui-wu Ssu has found
out through the child that we have secret
communications with the Russian, em
bassy my head will pay the forfeit. He
has long suspected that our friends are
intriguing to supplant his Influence and
he Is so cunning and patient that If he
only "discovers your past history he. will
the next day have proof against me. You
When four big men In the livery of the
Superintendent General of Revenues
tipped little Valda out of a big official
chair in front of Sheng Ta-jen's residence
there wn.« consternation In the household.
What It meant Valda could not under
stand; when first her mother and then her
stepfather cross-questioned her over and
over again as to every word that had
passed between her and the S. G. she
began to think that, she had been guilty
of some fearful impropriety. But . the
secret of It all was simply this, In the
words of the mandarin to his wife:
Valda told him the name of the man
darin she believed to be her father, and
the S. G. lapsed Into silence.
"The honorable father Is a military
officer?" In China personal questions are
polite.
"I am not Chinese," sho said, still
sulkily, for all foreigners were as yet
barbarians to her. "I am Manchu. My
mother comes from beyond the wall."
"It Is rather unusual for a young Chi
nese lady to ride abroad and alone. Is It
not?" he said gently, as if he would ex
cuse the ' misbehavior of his fellow-for
eigners.
Hl3 Chinese was perfect— Just as perfect,
both in accent and form of address, as a
native's; so perfect that Valda scarcely
noticed the incongruity. All she noticed
was the voice, grave, gentle, winning,
fascinating.
In the meantime the 8. G. had caught
Valda's pony and replaced her In the
saddle. In ordinary life he was. known as
Mr. Pericord; officially as the Superin
tendent of Imperial Revenues.
VALDA LEAVES PEKING.
HAPTER IL
Heavily the three young men mounted
their ponies, and, starting at a deferential
Jog trot, soon gave the bit to their Im
patient ponies and disappeared in a cloud
of dust, the only word spoken being a
muttered "Damn" from the youth who
had pestered Valda,
The mild-faced personage did not ac
knowledge this remark, but said: "You
had better ride on, gentlemen. The South
gate closes at 7."
"Good evening, sir," they responded
with suspicious alacrity. And the consu
lar man made bold to add, "Pretty warm,
isn't It, sir?"
"Good evening, gentlemen."
"I don't care," said the legation man.
"Your 'S. G." can't say anything to me.
Thank God, i don't serve under a bloom
ing Inquisition."
The sedat" passenger rode up and only
now raising his head, touched his helmet
with his fly-whip and said pleasantly:
"It's all right," whispered another.
"We can say It's an accident. I don't be
lieve he has seen."
"The 'S. G.' not see!" said Blak» bit
terly, "when he sees with his boots!"
up, and 'all looked as sheepish and terri
fied as schoolboys caught by a master.
The cause of the:r discomfiture was the
appearance on the road, a little distance
off, of a mild, insignificant looking per
sonage jogging along on an old white
pony, his head bowed and his mustache
showing the satisfied smile of a valetu
dinarian who feels that his constitutional
has done him good.
"This means the sack," said Blake, the
prime culprit, gloomily.
Great, Britain possesses numbers of "ob
scure celebrities like these, although none
When a T. Pericord, Esquire, of Peking,
was gazetted In the list of British '.'birth
day honors," when the rumors went
abroad that he had been asked for the
second time to become the British Minis
ter at Peking, with an earldom for a
bribe, people scarcely talked of It; none
knew who he was, or what he had done,
and as the society gabbler dreads nothing
so much as to appear ignorant of other
people's biographies he shunned the topic
of Pericord.
In consequence of this unbroken con
nection with Chinese politics Valda was
never allowed to forget- the hero of her
childhood. The quiet, reserved figure of
the S. G. was always before her eyes,
although he shunned _ advertisement as
sedulously as politicians court it. His
name never appeared in the t»apers. None
outside the cabinets knew of his exist
ence.
During the next seven years Valda was
transformed into a modern Russo-Frencli
society girl. She acquired all tho usual
accomplishments and what was Mongolian
in her was no more in evidence than it is
in pure bred Russians. The only point
in which she differed from her fellows
was in her remarkable aptitude for and
experience in Asiatic politics. This gained
her something like a European reputation
owing to her father's peculiar arrange
ment that she should be periodically In
troduced to the Chinese Ministers of the
different countries In which her education
was carried on. By the age of 15 I think
she was known by sight to all the at-»
taches of the Chinese embassies in Ber
lin, Paris and London, and regarded both
by them and by diplomats as a Russian
spy of quite a new and harmless sort.
It Is not usual for spies. to call openly
at embassies. Valda knew twice as mucn
about Peking intrigues as all the Foreign
officials put together and it ended in them
seeking her, not her them. It was a com
mon Jest of gray-haired Ministers to say,
when China came on to the carpet. "We
must send for Miss Valda Beriskoff. *
This flattered the Count. For once the
epithet "Russian spy" became an epithet
of admiration and endearment and gave
Valda a unique eclat when she finally
made her debut In society.
"It happened that within a year of her
return the Count, who was now in the
Foreign Office, had occasion to conduct
some delicate negotiations in connection
with the Kuldja treaty In which it was
of advantage to him to be able to deal
direct with a special Chinese envoy with
out the intervention of the resident Em
bassador's interpreter. In this Valda's
Chinese came In opportunely, enabling
him to score quite a little diplomatic tri
umph. Without any definite prosj>ects for
her future he nevertheless saw the possi
bilities of the case und was careful, in
the scheme of her education, to provide
against her entirely forgetting her Chi
nese. Nothing more was necessary, than
that she should hold a brief conversation
with one of her fellow-countrymen every
few months and this was easily arranged.
VALDA'S RETURN TO CHINA.
CHAPTER III
Every woman can probably picture to
herself just how the girl felt as she fol
lowed him; ,the unrelenting blush of
shame, the Impotent self-hatred, the sen
pation of being dragged by her pony'3
tail rather than carried on his back.
When they passed through the gate she
relieved him of her company without a
word, and turning up a side street, roSe
furiously through narrow alleys followed
by a pandemonium of imprecations from
the coolies whose stalls or burdens she
upset.
And that was the last impression Valda
carried away with her of the city of her
birth. Through the agency of the Rus
sian legation she was placed in the Jesuit
Foundling Convent at Tientsin for a year
to teach her French, after which she was
packed off to lier father in St. Petersburg,
he having of his own initiative sent for
her in the interim. His wife having died
and left him her fortune without other
incumbrar.ces, the, Count had determined
to seek out his Chinese daughter to amuse
his declining years. When he saw how
remarkably handsome and Intelligent Kh-j
was, ha decided to adopt her and gave her
the best Continental education.
The S. G. was really bored, if he was
not positively annoyed by this tactless in
trusion; but his almost feminine intuition
showed him the child's perplexity, and
with a good grace he resigned himself to
the complete interruption of his thoughts.
The only discourtesy he ua&tl was the one
best calculated to relieve the strangt; girls
embarrassment. He took out his watch
and discovered that it was'inuch later
man he thought, and therefore suggested
a canter.
"My ankle?" That was all poor little
Valda could say. Something so much less
simple than a forgotten sprain was pain
ing her, but she coulU not then inter
pret what it was. And so she said
nothing and wished she had died before
fche had accosted him, while at the same
time keeping timidly by his side because?
she could think of no other way thata be
ing swallowed up by the carui by which
she could excuse herself on that desolate
road.
"Thank me, my child— what for? A"h,
now 1 remember your lace; It is fur me to
ask pardon for my discourtesy in forget
ting it. I trust your ankle no longer paind
you?"
Mr. Pericord brought his old pony to a
walk and dismissed the cares of state for
the winning suavity which his enemies
called "soft soap," but which was tne
quiet, unaffected kindness of a great and
gracious nature.
"Ta-jen— pardon— but I want to, I must
thank you. v Forgive, please forgive— the
small one's impertinence."
Valda gazed after the bowed figure on
the white pony with a feeling which
choked her; a disappointment that was
despair — a stupefaction which a child
might feel who was struck by a passer
by. Then, stung by her innate daring
and impulsiveness, she smote her pony
smartly and overtook him.
"Ching, young master," he responded,
gravely, as he passed, but so absently
that he mistook Valda for a boy.
The S. G. raised his eyes. He was riding
In a brown study, for he was about to
bring off his great coup in the opium con
vention, and the affair was so delicate and
audacious and involved such an immense
change in the revenue that in spite of hla
Napoleonic power of closing the door of
his brain during this brief hour of relaxa
tion he could not dismiss the subject from
his thoughts.
In this trepidation Valda was kept a
close prisoner for a week, with the result
that one afternoon she slipped away with
out telling any one and waylaid the S. G.
on his customary constitutional.
"Ching, Lord," she accosted him,
humbly.
"To be under the eye of his Hankow
commissioner," said the lady, bitterly.
"How can you escape his vigilance if once
you rouse his suspicion. The network of
his agents extends to the four corners of
the empire."
must go down to my home In Wuchang
at once, wife."
THE WALLS OF PEKING.
Valda, as a child, had traveled from Pe
king to. Tientsin by boat, a leisurely four
days' journey. She returned by rail in
four hours. Somehow her hereditary in
stincts told her that this thing was ab
normal, not of the soil. When she found
that the line terminated as soon as the
long squat walla with their uncouth tow
ers brcke the sky line, the uneasy fore
boding was confirmed. It was a viola
tion of traditions as venerable and Im
movable as those walls that swift artifi
cial traction should cut an unheeding
path through the feng-shuis of graves
and antiquity which hallowed these bar-
ren plain.". If only (some passionate mis
giving cried within her) the noisy an
achronism had been able at once to carry
itself right through that barrier, tho spell
of seclusion might have been dissipated
forever. But there ahead still couched
the squat, grim monster of the ancient
city, intact. Bardo'nical. gazing with Us
blank mud brow toward the arrested in
novation, sluggishly cherishing the an
cient backwardness and all its vast mys
j/rlous potentiality of resistance and re
sentment. Valda knew the city and its
people; born there, the sluggish foulness
of its poverty and .millions rested a remin
iscent groundwork for her Intuitive com
prehension of its character and senti
ment; and as in advance she pictured to
herself, behind the flat gray mound, the
mazy panorama of miles and miles of
narrow winding alleys, swarming with the
antlike industry of stolid crowds, it seem
ed to her that the steel rails and im
bedded trestles over which the steam
horse thundered were mere ephemeral
cobwebs, spun only to be swept away.
Valda- expressed a wish to hire a native
cart to carry her through the Chinese
city to the Chien Men, instead of using
the buggy which the Minister had sent
to meet her. Valda's origin had, of
course, been sedulously concealed, and it
appeared perfectly natural to the attache
who escorted her that this, charming
young woman should be curious to see
Chinese Peking before immuring herself
in the aristocratic avenues of the Tartar
city.
The jolting cart, with its rude and 'com
fortless utilitarianism of construction, re
stored Valda to a sense of home-coming
which the railway, the mode of travel to
which she had been accustomed for the
past eight years, had entirely failed to im
part. This was China: this was the Im
memorial civilization of tho East based on
the only primitive foundations of expe
dience and economy. Trained in culture
and luxury as she had been, she now felt
a scornful contempt for the showy ex
travagances which Western civilization
had grown to depend on as indispensables.
And then she smiled on her companion
and said, with a charming shudder;
"What hopeless barbarity everywhere!"
CHAPTER IV.
After a year of futile efforts the Count
entirely lost his temper. The alliance
meant everything to him. Its defeat meant
ruin, lie told Valda that she was illegit
imate, that he intended to disinherit her.
and that the best thing she could do was
to bo back to China and marry a coolie.
Valda took him at his word and raid
quietly that there was nothing she would
desire so much. The Count had an apo
plectic fit and died soon after.
Valda returned to China as the ward of
the Russian Minister at Peking. She had
a good wardrobe, a sparkling presence,
Parisian accomplishments and the grand
style. Peking, with its attaches of every
nationality, is not such a bad hunting
ground for a portionless belle, and Valda
could have made a better match than
her origin warranted if she had desired
ar.d her guardian had approved. 3he did
not', , however, marry.
• Stfie youns Russian took her place, of
course, in the holy of holies of Peking
society, which, as it numbered in all abuui
one hundred members (excepting only
missionaries and children), divided itself
In more numerous, exclusive and .scandal
mongcr'ng cliques than even in Shang
hai' or Simla. Passing globetrotters and
parliamentary journalists, entertained by
their Ministers and Invited everywhere
with an alacrity which would bo suspi
cious to less unsophisticated persons, go
home with storied of the large hospitality
of the Far East and the homeliko good
fellowship which exists among ull the
members of these Isolated settlements.
They little wot of all the heart-burningj
which trouble these worthy goodftllows,
especially 'over the priority of getting the
ear of a stranger.
PITAPTER TV
But to the Count's amazement Valda
refused to obey him. She said she did
not want to marry. The Count. s-?riousiy
alarmed, questioned her very closely, but
could discover no symptoms of a clandes
tine love affair. The girl. In faci. showed
a supercilious indifference to all the" hand
some gallants whose names her father
tentatively introduced. What was th<:
meaning of this? The girl was incompre
hensible. Scmply, sho did not want to
marry at all. Incidentally the idea of this
Prince. filled her with loathing.
When Valda was seventeen years of age
the Prince PaulOBkoflC Tomsk: (I am sorry
I don't know the correct, way of writing
these names) sought her hand in ma'r
riagc. The Count, to whom the proposal
was made, was delighted. It was the
crown of his life's ambition. He Informed
Valda of the honor awaiting her and de
sired her to arrange the date of the cere
mony without delay, as the Prinoe was
liable to die at any minute. I don't sup
pose he told Valda this in so many words,
for the Prince made up well enough to
deceive a girl as to his age and the dis
ease which was destroying him did not
admit of detailed description.
In this way the memory of the S. G.
was perpetuated in r.tr growing mind; a
sort of dream,' crowded down by bare dry
facts of colorless reality.
And as, year after year, year after year
went by and still the Tsung Shul-wu Ssu
remained tha chief name to conjure by in
all the Chinese embassies, she began to
think that she must have been mistaken
in associating it with a person win had
Interested himself in her. The name must
stand for some ancient and immovable in
stitution like that of the Board of Rites
or of the Dragon Throne itself. It could
rot refer only and individually to a slight,
mild-faced, middle-aged man with a
gentle voice and absent-minded eyes, who
never went anywhere except to sneak out
by the side door of his fu for a timid
amble in the dusk of the evening, who
had been afraid to say a word to his own
employes, and who, it was said, had no
other way of amusing himself than by
shutting himself up In a back room and
playing a melancholy big fiddle.
But to Valda this name possessed al!
the significance it possessed up and down
the coast of China and in the palaces of
the Forbidden City.
wielding such power as wielded by this
Mr. Pericord in another country's service.
Sir Claude Macdonald. Lord Kitchener.
Milner, Rhodes — only when some trill?
such as a war or a massacre brings their
name Into prominence does society dis
cover that they have been potentates for
years.
"You are far and away the cleverest
woman In Peking," said Mr. Samovar,
"and you are the only one of the lot who
understands the first thing about Asiatic
politics. Tho opportunity presents itself
to you to perform a signal service for
your country- You are aware that wa
Intend to annex Manchuria to our Amur
province of Eastern Siberia. There are a
great many exceedingly delicate questlor.3
connected with this stride, each one of
which. In some inexplicable fashion, set-ma
to come round to, and depend on, this
sphinx-like Mr. Pericord. Not the least
Important of these questions is that con
nected with the collection of duties at th»
port of Nluchwang, which Is at present
administered by the department which ha
controls. Now If Manchuria is to ba a
part of Russia, Nluchwang. which la tha
port of Mukden, should b© administered,
and Its tariff regulated, by us. We wer©
already In process of pacifically engross
ing this port by means of certain loans or
railway concessions, when the United
States Government, which Ignores all tha
Valda listened to these boudotr anec
dotes with silent Indignation. But what
were her feelings when her guardian began
to hint that she herself was expected to
use her charms on behalf of Russian
diplomacy?
THE S. G.
VALDA'S SECOND MEETING WITH
CHAPTER VI.
But If the young men practiced and
hoped, what of the wives of secretaries
and assistants who had intrigued to ob
tain a transfer to Peking for tha express
purpose of offering their charms to the
retiring grass-widower? It had come to
be accepted as the duty of all married
women in tho revenue service to forget
their modesty when the chance presented
Itself to obtain their husband's promotion,
by a little bit of flirtation; and every ono
in Peking except the S. G. himself knew
that every woman attended his receptions
with this avowed intention. In. fact it
was whispered that they even ca3t lota
among themselves as to whose turn It
should be to monopolize tha bashful old
bachelor and Inveigle him Into his con
servatory.
And now It was that the S. G., tho
Veiled Prophet of the Revenue Myth, ad
the young consulars delighted to dub him
to their chums of the I. K. D.. came ouc
of his shell and condescended to show
himself once a month at a public dinner,
and even to be at home to callers once a
week. Every young man who could play
a- musical instrument was^. now to havo
the chance of a lifetime of attracting tho
personal attention of the S. G.. and anec
dotes were revived of all the "careers"
that had been made by a happy knack of
the banjo or a fluty mouthing of the
clarionet.
But it was not till the winter came,
cutting off Peking from all the world by
its barrier of ice in the Gulf of Pech'.ll.
that the brilliant little society of Legation
street was thrown entirely on its own
resources for amusement. The opening
of the skating rink— the flooded tennis
grounds of the Peking Club — Inaugurated
the three months nf isolation with a bril
liant display of Chinese furs, both on tha
caps and cloaks of the high mandarins
invited and on the muffs and jackets of
the foreign women. Sleigh rides, tobog
gan parties, soirees and ball3 replaced
the languid garden parties and picnic
excursions of the oppressive summer and
for the rest, all the world (a few hundred
persons at the most) depended on the S.
G.'s fortnightly courier service for tho
mails from Shanghai.
The next day Valda borrowed one of tha
Minister's ponies and rode ou: along the
Tungchau road alone. She returned de
jected. Whenever she could escape th«s
round of gayetics— the tennis parties and
afternoon teas at the Peking Club, tha
picnics to the hills, the undress uoudoir
calls, the official receptions — she rode out
if possible alone: but whether it was be
cause the your.g men of tha messes al
ways happened to be emerging from their
"barracks" just as she parsed, or be
cause the dust blinded her, or because sha
found the country too squalid and unin
teresting, the effect of her gallops seemed
only to be depression and weariness, ar.d
she soon abandoned them. It was only
by accident that she learned later thac
the S. G. had been out of tha capital,
summering at a coast resort called Pei
tai-ho. And he returned, as he went, un
announced.
"I don't think he has accepted an in
vitation for the last five years— since ha
relieved himself of — rs. Pericord'd dicta
torship. They do say he takes a consti
tutional occasionally, but if so he man
ages to slip out of the city by a tunnel or
an airship, for no one ever encounters
him."
"Oh, Cinderpan? He's only one of th*
royal family, a vice assistant temporary
acting secretary or something of the sort,
who relieves the great man of the onus
of performing the common courtesies of
society. It's a wonder we were not re
ceived by his boy. He looks upon us as a
lot of idle butterflies who have got to b»
kept in good humor, but as to condescend
ing to appear tit his own garden parties—
oh, you cannot expect that of a man who
collects the revenue of the Chinese em
pire—and keeps his own private band."
Valda smiled charmingly. She seemed
to find her companion's wit full of enter
tainment.
"Then does the S. G. never go out.
"You did not tell me there had been a
change in the head of the revenue ser
vice. Captain Vassilich," Valda said.
wearily.
"I don't suppose I did. If I could have
told you that I could have as easily to!rt
you that the Great Wall had taken unto
itself wing3 and Joined the chorus of
angels."
Valda turned on him quickly: her eyes
flashed with painful eagerness. "But
surely that young man who appears to
act as host la not the Superintendent
General who was here before I wa»
born?"
"Take my arm. illss EeriskoftT." snM
the military attache. "The Minister will
be buried in a game of whist with tho
other gr&yteards for the next three hours.
so you must allow me to be your chap
eron. What Co you think of thr> S. O.'s
private musicians? The man divides hli
time equally between them and the rev
enue, and they say the revenue runs it
self while the S. G. runs the band."
Valda scarcely glanced at the old
young man (hl3 face was that of a boy.
but his hair was prizzled at the sides): a
feeling of bitter disappointment beset her
and she turned her eyes away with such
a look In them as a woman might wear
whose life dream had bten cruelly shat
tered.
Valda entered the beautiful grounds,
hung with endless chains of paper lan
terns and idealized by the soft strains of
the famous band, with <i fluttering un
easiness which contrasted strangely with
her habitual self-assurance. tSh<j was re
ceived by a florid young man with a
Scotch accent. "We are delighted to wel
come so charming an accession t<> our dull
society here," he said, with elaborate
clumsiness.
Valda blushed indignantly and turned
away. She understood the insinuation
and was not shocked at her guardian's
indelicacy, because she was accustomed
to the manners of Russian noblemen: but
it hurt her that even diplomatic scandal
could associate the least suggestion of
sensuality with the face which abode in
her memory as the type of goodness.
ency General of Chines© Imperial Reve
nues on Saturday next."
"Mr. Pericord?" she said questlonlngly.
In a voice which caused the Minister to
look at her searchingly. "Is the Super
intendent General a— a bachelor?"
M de Samovar uttered a low laugh.
M Ha, ha,' Miss Valda, you aim at tha
highest from the start, then? For our
own sakes I wish he were, but no such
luck. Mr. Pericord has a genius for ren
dering himself inaccessible to feminine*
Intrigues. Mrs. Pericord has lived in
London for the past five years, but the
S. G. lets it be fully understood that he
Is only a grass widower, and only to' that
extent . . ."
"Mr. Pericord requests the pleasure of
Miss Beriskoff's and H. E. M. de Samo
var's presence at a garden party to be
held in the grounds of tne Superintend-
Valda was at once embarked on the full
tide of the gayctles of Peking society,
and invitations poured in on her. every
salon being eager to ciaim this new at
traction before Its rivals. A ball at the
French legation, a dinner at the British,
a hill picnic by the students' mess, were
organized in her special honor within the
first fortnight; but the Invitation which
alone excited her anticipations was a
plain, unpretentious card bearing these
printed words:
SOCIETY IX PEKING.
CHAPTER V.
"With all my heart, If by so doing I
could stave off the yellow union • which
would swallow up Russia in half a cen
tury. But what an astonishing insight
Into Asiatic politics you seem to possess
Miss Berlskoff!" *
"Oh, I read the papers, you know," 8 ha
answered.
"Never!" said the captain sharply. "I
for my part would sooner let loose the
whole flood of fanaticism which is brood
ing like a poisonous miasma (he waved
his hand toward the crowded alleys) all
around us in a million secretive hearts
than see Japan paramount at Peking."
"And be yourself Its first victim, most
likely," said Valda scornfully.
"Or New Tokio."
"Oh, they will pass, they will pass—un
til they do pass. We must put up with
their airs for a year or two longer, I sup
pose, until Peking is called Alexander
burg."
"I am afraid you have not a very good
opinion of your fellow Europeans in Pe
king, Captain Vassilich."
"We should be absolutely frivolous If It
were not again for that solemn-faced gen.
tleman I referred to just now. Somehow
one can't come within a block of the man
without feeling either choked with an at
mosphere of statistics or chilled with an
atmosphere of secret reports. The poor
fellow lacks what these prigs of English
call our 'Muscovite Veneer.' He wears a
worried look, to quote the ghastly vul
garity of these student boys."
'•So that is what you think yourselves?"
laughed Valda, rallying.' "Are you so very
gay, then?"
"Come, come," said the attache' gallant
ly, taking advantage of the gloom to press
her hand. "That is not exactly the spirit
in which a debutante should look forward
to the most brilliant little coterie of fash
ion to be found east of Moscow."
"I don't Ilka to think of It," Valda
murmured with a shiver. "Suppose, with
out war or a siege cr anything like that,
the crowd were to turn against us; the
legations, I mean? What hope of escape
should we have?"
"Revolvers for us and arsenic for you,"
replied the Russian.
They were by this time passing under
the long and gloomy tunnel of the gate.
"Abandon hope, all ye who enter here."
whispered Valda. as if afraid that the
guards should ever hear her.
"Well, there is the population: you
can't exterminate that. Ten thousand or
fifty thousand men (they would have to
keep together) wouldn't cover a square
incli on a chart of a city '.ike this. There
are walls all around them which can't be
crossed in a r.op, skip and a Jump. Where
would you be if the Chinese got hold of
the gates and mounted a few guns on tha
wail TV
"What do you mean by a death-trap?"
"You seem well up In the topography
of the old shop," the attache said in sur
prise. "But you have touched the kernel
o£ the matter: It la that we count on if
we should ever have to hold Peking—
against other powers. An enemy once
within the walls, but outside the Imperial
wall, would be in a death-trap. Peking
could only be taken by starvation."
"There would still remain the Imperial
City," said Valda. halt to herself. "And
the palace after that."
"The walls could be defended at any
one point?.! he replied, indifferently. "But
they have a circuit of twenty or thirty
miles, so. that it would not be difficult to
tcale them somewhere — if one had 100.000
men to spare for simultaneous assaults
from half a dozen quarters."
Valda was astonished. "Do you mean
to say that Peking would be capable of
standing a siege?"
"The people who sidy that imagine that
Chinese walls are the same as those of
medieval cities of Europe. Granite or
brick walls are merely death-traps to
those behind them. Mud embankments
fifty feet thick are advocated nowadays
as the only protection against shell tire.
That is what these walls are, only they
are too high and these towers are ex
plosive targets. When they lave been
battered a little they will form a ridge
over a hundred feet thick, in which even
siege shells would bury themselves."
"They do say so," sneered the Russian
attache, "We* have a habit of despising
systems we do not use."
-""But I suppose it is true that these
walls could offer no resistence to artil
lery?"
"They fcay these huge walls serve no
other purpose than to keep out the fresh
air." she said pensively: "that they would
be worse than useless for defense."
Half nn hour before Valda had looked
forward to the wall as to an old familiar
friend, harmless and homelike; now its
awful antiquity and strength crushed her
with an unspeakable sense of foreboding.
The barrier to the civilization of the
West: the rampart of the prejudices of
the Kast: and yet folding in its massive
womb a brood of the very snakss who
were plotting Its downfall. The ugly
simile— Valda knew Milton and Dante
better than Chu-Tza or Mencius— had
scarcely occurred to her than she repented
it revulsively. and, thinking softly of the
man whom her companion had called a
solemn-faced dullard, felt hopelessly that
her metaphor should have been that of
angels hugged in the embrace of a cobra.
A shadow fell over the cart. Valda
looked up and shuddered. In fr^nt of
thorn, po close that it seemed that it might
fall and crush them, loomed a vast clifT
like embankment, a square tower of un
couth solidity squatting heavily alone. It
was the city wall. Sheer from a rubbly
basi it towered, gray and crumbling, yet
massive and inscandible; far as the eye
could' reach it stretched away on either
hand, clean-cut and straight, solidly but
tressed, ponderously yet symmetrically b?
towered. In front of them the black
arched mouth of a tunnel, appearing in
proportion to the cliff it pierced a mere
burrow, yet wide and lofty enough to ad
mit three loaded camels abreast. Scat
tered on either side of the road, a suburb
of caravansaries, mat sheds, reed huts,
dwarfed to the proportions of beehives
and eueumfcer frames.
"Oh. the British Minister docs not
alarm us," replied the young diplomat,
"with a smile of approval for his compan
ion's intelligence. "Our stumbling block is
Mr. Pericord, the S. G. I. R. D. Fortu
nately we have the assurance of Holy
Writ that no man can live forever, or the
impregnable persistence of this solemn
faced dullard would drive our Minister to
despair."
"The S. G.," murmured Valda softly.
Then s,he lapsed into silence.
"So? They told me that Sir Claude had
succumbed unresistingly to the precedent;*
of Sir Thomas Wade."
"But for one man we should dictate the
Yamen's policy, annex the land, and
monopolize the trade of each district in
succession as soon as we were ready to
assimilate it."
"Ah!" Valda remembered. Intrigue — a
patient relentless purpose— International
rivalries forever wrestling In mortal strife
beneath the tranquil surface of stereo
typed courtesies — and behind, in the back
ground, gaping with vacant grin, the
countless millions of China, "storing up
beneath their apathy an energy which
might submerge Russia itself in the flood.
"Our Influence Is already paramount, I
hear?" suggested Valda.
"We shall change It all -when Russia
rules Peking," responded the attache.
THE SUNDAY CALL.
14
VALDA A ROMANCE
OF PEKING(Continued Next Week.)
At that minute tho great man, In his
great green pagoda-like chair, carried low
down by four bearers using swing-poles,
was borne out, obsequiously followed by
his fat conical-hatted pipe-bearers and
the high-booted and leather-aproned of
ficers of his escort; and behind them
Valda reached at length the spacious
compound which Inclosed tho Yamen of
the superintendency general. Here at last
there was an air of bustle, which caused
her hastily to shrink Into the shadow
of the opposite wall. A squad of soldiers
were stamping about in the street to keep
their feet warm, their rifles carelessly
stacked In the middle of the road, with
huge lanterns bearing monstrous Chinese
characters on their paper globes, slung
haphazard from the muzzles. It looked
like a group of goblin giants. The men
were Chili braves, tall, stout fellows
even when stripped; but In their loose
winter uniforms, thickly padded with
cotton wool, their legs swathed In padded
leggings, their heads picturesquely muf
fled in huge black turbans, they were
swelled out to twice their bulk. A couple
of shabby Manchu ponies stood dejected
ly by the wall, with high-peaked wooden
saddles and massive brass stirrups: half
a dozen tawdry sign-boards on poles were
leaning lop-sldedly by the gate, their
ragamuffin bearers In conical red hats
squatting in a circle hard by and surrep
titiously smoking. Valda learned, by the
big gilt letters on these wooden standards,
that the mandarin for whom they were
waiting was none 1 other than the Treas
urer of Chill, an official second only In
Importance to the Viceroy.
The few belated passengers she passed
intensified the oppressive mystery and
silence, for they gilded by like wraiths,
their hands hugged in their sleeves,- their
faces muffled in cowls or hairy ear-flaps,
their backs bent to avoid the icy blast,
their footfalls deadened by the thick felt
soles of their shoes. Valda attracted no
attention, because she was cowled in- a
native feng-mao, a combined cap and
cape which is held by a visor-like flap
across the chin. Overhead the stars and
moon shone down with an electric bril
liance, marking' the city In white and
black squares as rigid and clear cut as a
checker board's.
Valda also had her dinner served In
private, but she did not eat. While her
French maid was enjoying the savory
dishes. Valda was out on foot alone in
the bitter cold, which was not so Keen as
the cruel chill at her heart. Now she
hurried, now she hesitated and half
turned back, while always she shrank
close to the shadow, dreading that even
the bright moon should detect the purpose
of her errand. The streets were entirely
deserted at this hour, and one might have
taken Peking for a vast uncovered cata
comb, so silent, so untenanted, so white
and death-like looked Its eye\ess avenues.
Everywhere, on either hand, nothing wai
to be seen but plastered and painted
walls, and crisp and glittering snow. No
lighted windows or hospitable doors broke
this still monotony; Chinese houses of
any pretension never abut on the side
walk, but sequester themselves behind
stucco walls whose "very gates are again
blinded by a pieee of wall in front.
VAI.DA CALLS ON THE S. O.
CHAPTER IX,
"Oh. It will spell ruin for him. I sup
pose," rerlied the Minister. Indifferently.
"The one supreme hold he has on the pal
ace is the idea that as long as he collects
the revenue none of the open ports can be
alienated or annexed. He scored a tri
umph over us In this connection by means
of that bulldog of his. McCleavy Brown.
But all these Englishmen and Americans
must be cleared out. Above all, a devoted
servant of the Czar (such as I myself, for
Instance) must stand In the shoes of Mr.
Pericord. Now I must write- my dispatch
for to-morrow's courier, dear. I shall
have dinner served In my study."
"What will be the ultimate effect of our
policy on Mr. Pericord?" she asked quiet
ly.
Valda looked at her guardian steadfast
ly: had he been less preoccupied with his
diplomatic reflections he might have
thought that she had aged by ten years
in a day.
He hesitated; then he kissed her on the
brow. ,
"But sometimes you will come to see
me. dear friend," he whispered.
For full a minute they stood silent In
the warm darkness, hand3 pressed In
hands; Valda striving with her sobs, Mr.
Pericord carried away with the incense of
second youth.
"Wait here," said Valda prettily, re
luctantly and slowly drawing her lingers
out of his. "It is altogether too cold for
you to return in so thin a coat. See, it is
snowing. I will bring you a robe."
She ran out of. the room. M. Pericord
turned toward the fireplace. A bit of
paper in the fender caught his eye and he
picked It up. "Xiuchwang— now," he read,
in the familiar hand of the Russian Min
ister. 9
When Valda- returned, bearing a splen
did overcoat of sablo belonging to her
guardian, Mr. Pericord was, leaning
against the mt/ntelplece with bowed head.
His attitude was full of 'fiMzue; the
ellmpre she caught of his face In tne fire
light seemed haggard and wrinkled.
"You are tired?" she said gently. "I
wish you could stay all night."
The>S. G. allowed her to wrap him In
tbe rol-.e.
"Die*, you say that I was to come to the
side gate in Tung Chlao street?" she whis
pered, looking up in his face affectionate
ly, as a daughter might, with her hands
en his sleeve. "But I shall be so afraid
of disturbing you when you are busy."
"Ye?, better not— better not," he replied,
coldly 'and absently, and moved to the
l'nor.
Vulda stood tottering, as if some one
had dealt her a cruel and treacherous
blow. She looked after him— but bitter
rebellious tears blinded her beseeching
eyes; she tried to call to him, but her
voice was choked.
"Valda. you Reserve the Grand Cms?,"
said the voice of her guardian behind p her.
"I happened to overhear a little of your
conversation with your visitor— on Man
churlan politico, I think it was; nothing
else reached my ears, I assure you. Of
course, it was quite a confident'al conver
sation, and no possible blame can attach
to you if Mr. Pericord should Inadvertent
ly have said things which he would not
say to me. All is fair in diplomacy and
Peking, you know — you have heard th>*
saying before to-day. I see. You have
cleared up one of our mest vexa'Ious
doubts. You liave enabled me to learn
something of the most vital Importance.
I perceive that the United States' open
door circular, irstead of being an empty
'bluff' unbacked by nny of the military
powers. Is. on the contrary, the indication
of a definite conspiracy to defeat our ac
quisition of Manchuria. A secret all'ance
exists against us of a far more formidable
character than 1 imagined. A desperate
remedy becomes imperative. We must ep
penl to the 'last resource' whPe England
still has her, hr.nrls full of Egypt and
Africa and the United States is tied up
with Aguiraldo and the Bryanites. A
war now— yes, even a riot and reprisals
no matter what, so that we can get an
army into Peking and remove '.',
"You are unkind," said Valda sadly,
without making any motion to detain him.
Blake turned sharply, a blush of shame
fighting with his wounded pride. "I am
a brute," he replied. "Forgive me. Your
intention was of tho kindest."
••Come, come," murmured Valda. slip
ping her hand timidly to his arm' and
looking up at him with a reproachful shy
ness, "must you be so harsh toward a
little trick like that? For punishment *
But the S. G. slowly turned his back
on him as If he had not heard and walked
pensively away.
"Pardon me If I leave you here. Miss
Beriskoff," said Blake, haughtily. "You
have friends at hand; I have not."
"Let me assure you, sir," stammered
Blake Indignantly, "that had I been
aware — "
Blake started and turned deadly pale
he understood why Valda had decoyed
him thither and drawn him on to confess
himself. The S. G. had been standing
immediately behind them during the Inter
view In conversation with the British Em
bo ssador.
"Machine." said a gravely gentle voice
behind them. "I am afraid you would bo
right. Miss. Beriskoff." ,
"Now If Mr. Pericord could have heard
that explanation and not take, fcteps at
ence to repair his injustice." said Valda
vivaciously, stepping quickly aside from
her position between the curtains, "then i
should really believe wh'tit every one says,
that your S. G. is not a man, but a — "'
"That. I am ashamed to say, is the very
truth:" he said eagerly. "I had been out
to the hills with a consular man who in
sisted on mixing stout with my cham
pagne, and as I had virtually never taken
anything more intoxicating than a Ver
mouth and bitters I simply didn't know
what I was doing. And yet I am well
aware that what I did was the very
gravest fault In the revenue decalogue —
or.e which, If the native feeling had been
as hostile then as it Is now, might have
seriously compromised the service. I give
you my word. Miss Beriskoff, that I havo
not touched wine since that day."
"I expect you had been drinking."
A murmured conversation on the other
side of the curtains had ceased; Valda
raised her fair arm to the portiere as If
to prevent her companion from looking
beyond.
"What was your fault?" she murmured,
with a soft lcok which stirred the blood
in the young man's pulses.
"L would rather not tell you." he said
awkwardly.
"I did not say co, but you have read
my purpose," he replied with renewed
eagerness, "The S. G. might ignore me
for twenty years without shaking my firm
conviction in his Justice and generosity.
I was a poor lad. without Influence or
ability, when be nominated me to the
service on the petition of my mother, who
had no introduction save the rumor of
his goodness; and if my punishment has
been over-severe for a trivial fault, I do
not forget that the S. G. has the cares of
an empire on his shoulders as well as
hundreds besides myself to keep an eye
on, and I acquiesce in the inexorable rule
that In the revenue an assistant must
never incur suspicion."
Valda, who has been imperceptibly
steering her partner backward toward
the portieres of the card-room, suddenly
came to a standstill. "Now. what was
that you wore saying? Tell me again; I
am extremely interested in this mysteri
ous service of yours."
"1 see that I have made myself ridicu
lous" he said coldly.
"So, no! You were saying that you
had faith in your chief— that you meant
to rehabilitate yourself."
"Well, you see, I have had only one
promotion in seven yours, and that is
always a suie sign of disgrace in our
service, when the chief Is known never
to lose sight of the meanest of nis 600
assistants. And thtn. until my leave
carre. 1 was kept for unusually long spells
in the two worst ports in the Yellow Book
— Hainan and Pakh ji— in fact this is my
first transfer north since I was sent down
tight years ago. Most m«n are generally
expected to resign when they receive this
treatment. I have returned a year before
my leave was up, and that in the face of
a very cold letter from Mr. Pericord sug
gesUng that after ir.y prolonged residence
in malarial district' he would have sup
posed that 1 should wish to reside in
Kurope indefinitely. But, you see, I have
faith in the justice of rny chief. * ? •"
"It Is not that," he replied, "although
it is true that 1 only returned from
leave a month ago. I used to know
a good many people when I was at
Peking btfore, and there are several
members of my service up here who
have been statlur.ed at the same ports
as myself during the last seven years.
l'.ut I am out cf lavor, yousw; 1 am sup
posed to he in the S. G.'s black books.
When a man has once got that sort of bad
name his friends are prone to give him the
cold shoulder— at Peking."
"But what makes you think you are
in his black books?' (Valda said "his" as
if to her a.s much as to Blake there was
only one "he" in China).
"You dance very well." she said. "How
is it that you appear so Isolated here?
Are you a new arrival?"
A bright rmile broko up the gloom of
the- mans face, and he offered her his arm
with alacrity.
Valda remarked especially this expres
sion of devotion in a young man who s;tt
opposite her. whose strong and handsome
face wore an air of seitieU melancholy.
He iooiicd lihe- or.e who bore patiently an
unmerited injury, because he was con
scious «*i Integrity and wished to retrieve
a io.-u position. The more she looked at
him tiic more familiar did his features
appear; ana then suddenly the conviction
came to her that this was the very boy
who had Miatch<b«I her from her pony ani
kissed her eight years before. After din
ner it was ihe custom to dance, many
guests coming in later for that purpose
only. Seeing her melancholy vis-a-vis
£taiiuir,g alone near her, Valda assumed
U;e privilege of the Kussian audacity to
say to him:
"Are you not somewhat ungallant, Mr.
Wake, tu stand idle when you tee that I
am dying for a waltz and have no part
r.er? "
Roman and Anglican Bishops, a sprink
ling of chaplains, doctors, consular stu
dents and revenue assistants, together
with some winter-bound travelers and sa
vants and the heads of the two chief col
leges in the capital, one of whom was
privately *he special correspondent of the
limes. The S. G., a* a purely Chinese
official, was compelled to be more cath
olic in his hospitality than the legations,
who scrutinized their lists of "eligibles"
by the lisht of national obligations, and
the private preferences of their women
folk.
To any one less romantic than Valda It
would have been difficult to see in Mr.
I'ericord anything to attract such tremu
lous sympathy as she felt. The man
¦eemed a type of self-obliteration, a nega
tive quantity, something regular and me
chanical. Inspiring confidence and respect.
indec-d, but far too unemotional to inspire
emotion. Sealed at the head .of the table,
he spoke scarcely at all, or if he exhibited
any symptom of domestic naturalness it
v.as to his head boy or butler, when he
called his attention by a gentle look to
the wants of his guests. But to them, to
th« Ministers and great ladies on his
cither hand, he merely listened; gracious
ly, it is true, but with an absent air which
betrayed the habit of the recluse. And
yet ont had but to look rcund th.^ faces
of the Rue^-ts to perceive that there was
in this man a rare attraction and impres*
biveness; ihe Ministers and high man
darins might be percelvea to lift their
eyes quickly when he ;poke. ar, if in the
midst «f their conversatiqri they wore lis
tening to catch ir.c simplest word from
his lips, r.ui mere especially in the young
men cf his <j\vn ytali" was this reverence
to be noticed. Not the youngest and most
reckless but seemed imbued with an air
of devotion and love a:; he looked at hi.s
chief, ami <-.:;e perceived, if one did not
understand^ how for thirty years he had
controlled -the destinies of hundreds of
employes w,<.h hardly a single instance ol
mutiny cr Ingratitude
"Oh, what have I done, what have I
done?" she cried wildly, when at last
she could control her sobs. "Two hours
ago, Mr. Pericord, you honored me with
the name of friend. You yourself invited
me to use the privilege of this entranco
whenever I could spar© the time to see
you. I come tp tell you something of
To his astonishment, Valda burst Into a
passion of tears. How was he to know
that this simple offer recalled the begin
ning of her life's secret, and recalled It
with a contrast which nearly broke her
heart?
"Experience has compelled me to fore,
go receiving private revelations, I regret
to say, Miss Beriskoff. I am not the less
grateful for your thoughtfulness. Will
you allow me to send you home in my
chair?"
"I did not imagine that you could treat
a woman quite so cruelly, Mr. Pericord.
I haver compromised myself by this un
usual call in order to give you some In
formation which I have Just learned and
which concerns you vitally. But I should
prefer, not to mention it here where you
are liable to be Interrupted."
For a moment she stood looking with the
incredulous reproach of a pet animal
whose advances nre repulsed. Then her
woman's pride came to her rescue and
she said wearily:
"Yes. Miss Berlskoff?" he said. He car
ried the robo she had lent him on his
arm. "You are going to a party and
found that you need this, perhaps?"
The door opened mechanically, admit
ting her to a small anteroom, where she
seated herself, aware, that she would bo
inspected throiiRh a peephole by Mr. Peri
cord's conlidential valet and her presence
announced without other formality. The
S. G., in Instructing her. had explained
that there v/as nothing necessarily clan
destine about this secrecy, but that h-»
was so pestered by lady petitioners that
it was the only means he could devise to
protect his precious time and save them
the annoyance of being told that he was
not at home in the presence of official
visitors.
Valda was kept waiting for what seemed
to her hours, and .her courage dwindled
to misery. Then Mr. Pericord himself
entered, and this Increased her wretched
ness, for she fully expected that he would
at least invite her to his drawing-room. If
not to bis sanctum.
Fortified by these reasons, though still
trembling with painful doubts, she turned
down the side street. ar,d, unfastening the
wicket gate he had told her of. touched
the electric bell three times.
bowed the solemn tingchals of the S. G.,
who closed the gates as soon as the rab
ble got under way.
Then Valda was alone again Jn the
deserted street, like a shivering angel shut
out of paradise. She knew that Mr. Peri
cord could not yet have had his dinner;
she knew that her visit at this hour.' so
soon after parting from him, alone and In
stealth, would bear the worst construction
in his eyes, and her tortured heart still
felt the dull wound oi his inexplicable
rudeness on leaving her. And yet It was
Impossible that he could have meant any
thing. Their conversation had been so
sweetly intimate; the pure kiss which he
bad pressed on her brov.- had been a com
pact of enduring friendship on hi3 part
and a yearning love on hers. Perhaps ho
iiad been preoccupied hy the thought of
the visitor waiting for him at home; her
momentary absence from the room hart
allowed him to remember the pressing
calls of duty. If by .my chance he had,
in rehearsing the confidences they had in
terchanged, conceived a seldom absent
fear of indiscretion — if he had remem
bered that the fascinating young woman
was still the ward of the Russian Min
ister, his secret enemy; well, the news,
that Valda was bringing to him . now
would dissipate all thtse suspicions and
prove at once the thoroughness of her
devotion.
"You are right," he said gravely. "My
visit will certainly be misinterpreted. And
yet I don't think we have mentioned poli
tics once, have we, unless It was some
teference to the future of my pet port
Niuchwang. You see it is seldom I am
able to meet any one who does not talk
politics. There Is an atmosphere of Asiatic
intrigue about Peking which affects even
the women. You will keep yourseif un
spotted from Its taint, will you not, rny
child?"
Valda, with a sob, lifted her face to his.
"Let him wait, sir," she answered. "Ton
can always rule China, but it is not often
you can forget that China exists. Some
times I wish It did not — when I see how it
monopolizes you. I am Jealous of China.
And I know very well that It will not per
mit you to call at the Russian legation
again."
"Good gracious, did I say a few min
utes? Then the treasurer of Paotlng must
have been waiting at the superintendency
for an hour! What excuse shall I mak3
to him. Miss Ber'lskoff?"
He looked at the clock.
"The best of friends must part, I sup
pose," he smiled— he was never conspicu
ous for originality. "I am sorry to go.
I have enjoyed myself more during these
few minutes than during many years,
Miss Beriskoff."
At last, with a sigh, he rose.
Mr. Pericord was, long before this, talk-
Inog to the girl as to an old friend; it was
rarely Indeed that he could unbosom him
self to a sympathetic listener, for a man
In his position is denied the luxury of
friends. And so here he sat In the pleaa
ant gloaming, forgetful of time and'en
gagements, greedily If unconsciously ab
sorbing this brief spell of sympathy and
homeliness and allowing himself to talk
as unreservedly as if intrigue and diplo
macy were unknown.
She knew that her guardian was listen
ing, and that she was expected to com
mence her despicable task at once. Drop
ping the paper into the fire, as shu
thought, with a sigh, she tactfully
brought the conversation round to the po
litical embroglio In Manchuria.
"Nluchwang— now."
And these everlasting fears of intrigue
were n<?t without reason. A note had been
brought in to Valda by a Chinese servant,
which bore these words:
Mr. Pericord remained for two hours;
before half this time had elapsed the ru
mor of this unprecedented visit had
Kpread not only to all the other tea tables
of Legation street, but into the Forbidden
City itself, whither certain magnates of
tho Tsunp, II Yamcn were swiftly and
secretly bidden, to. inform the Dowager
Empress what was meant by this pro
longed stay of the Tsung Shui Wu Ssu
at the Russian legation.
The room was dark save for the fire and
the dim glow of the braziers and the dull
winter twilight that crept through the
heavy curtains. Tea was brought— tea in
tall glassr*, with lemons and brandy in
lieu of milk— but that was the only inter
ruption of their privacy. M. de Samovar,
If he was in the house, refrained from
coining to welcome his distinguished vis
itor.
"Ah, you continue to fling at my head
the idle talk of the young men about my
severity. Miss Beriskoff. I envy Mr.
Blake his champion. Would that I could
find as fair an advocate to take my part
sometimes." .
"Oh. Mr. Pericord," she answered im
pulsively, stretching eagerly forward to
take his hand, and then drawing back In
confusion; "I would do anything— for
you."
"Do come near the lire, sir," she said
humbly: "you are shivering. It is I who
am overwhelmed with my audacity— my
paucherie. I ¦was afraiu I had put myself
irrevocally in your black books."
"I am afraid. Miss Berfskoff," \io. be
gan at once, standing near the door with
his old hat in one hand and the other
streteheo. over one of the charcoal bra
ziers which stood on either side of the en
trance, "1 am afraid I did not sufficiently
Show my appreciation of your— your,
ahem, repartee— I mean the very proper
snub you administered to me for never
having called on so charming a young
lady. Is it too late to repair the discour
tesy?"
He had humbly requested the fur
smothered Ccssack to convey it to J.l}ss
Beriskoff. Valda, looking through a win
dow, Kmi'ed as she saw the thin and
threadbare gray overcoat and round hat
of a style long dead and buried; the
wardrobe, one might think, that the poor
young; Scotchman had brought out with
him in the fifties. It was so characteris
tic: every one else was muffled In costly
furs and continually receiving fresh cases
of boots ond hats and collars and coats
for fear they would fall behind the fash-
Icn, but the greatest man of the .'(im
munity, when he took the astonishing
step of calling on a mere woman, could
llnd nothing better in which to array him
self than these relics of his youth.
On the following afternoon there was a
rorr>motion among the servants in the
Russian legation. The Tsung Shul-Wu
Ssu had called ir. person. -His greatness
was represented by a diminutive slip of
pasteboard whit h had the air cf having
lain in a drawer for twenty years, and
which bore in antiquated style the simple
kger.u, "Mr. Pericord."
THE S. G. CALLS ON VALDA.
•CHAPTER VIII.
Insist that you shall take me to the buffet
and pledge me by breaking your pledge,"
Blake, overwhelmed by coquetries to
which he was an utter stranger, suc
cumbed like melted wax.
"Why have you done it, why have you
done it?" he whispered incoherently as
they left the buffet; the glass of cham
pagrne had gone to his head.
"Oh, I like to make allies," said Valda
airily. "I suppose you are in love with
me now?"
Blake did not reply.
"Once but. twice shy. I see," she said.
"Ihe la.st indiscretion left an abiding im
presjlon.*'
"Soil do not know what that indiscre
tion was or you would not tempt me."
Valda laughed mischievously. She rc
meml.ercd the occasion very distinctly. A
reckless joy seemed to have seized upon
her and to bo tingling In her veins with
tho exuberance of her childish gallops.
Why was it? Why was she so nappy;
why did even the memory of this young
man's rudeness seem like bright sun
shine? She had found him— fou.id tnc
hero of her dreams; the searching; quiet
eye; the lov.\ melodious voice; the stead
fast, magnetic hand— all had remained un
changed by time as if waiting— waiting for
her return, a child no longer, but a wo
man. She looked again at Blake, her
hero! Yes. it was through him that i^hi 1
had found her hero; and perhaps that
was why the young man also appeared
Charming in her eyes, as if he rolicctea
the nuhle im:ise of his chief. I
"Do 1 not?" she said, with a sparkiinir
Clarice. "Perhaps a 'little bird' — "
IJlake joir.ed in h< r happiness iv'th a
hearty laugh. The S. U.'a "littl'j oird '—
the mysterious agency which toll him
everything that was going on In every
junior revenue mess all over ihc empiio
—was the standing joke par excellence in
Peking.
"You make too much of a trifle." he re
plied, evidently dlstrejsed. and astonished
at her claiming a long acquaintance. "I
have not by any means decided to repu
diate the friendship which promised so
much more solace to me than you can
imagine. I wished only to hint, without
hurting your feelintrs more than neces
sary, that the many years that I have re
sided in Peking have compelled me to bo
skeptical. Private communications, es
pecially when emanating from certain of
the legations, have so frequently proved
the reverse of disinterested that I h»**~
been compelled to make a rule n«it to lis
ten to them. And. as perhap3 your friend
Mr. Blake has told you, rny rules do not
admit of exceptions."
"You think that 1 a:n M. de Samovar's*
tool — a spy. perhaps?" she said with a
low-voiced scorn, which might have con
vinced a man of stone.
"I>et i!^ avoid all politics. I beseech
you!" he replied, deeply moved.
She went close to him. iind taking his
reluctant hand, turned her Hashing eyes
full on his.
"I insist on knowing why you suspect
me, Mr. Perieord."
He looked at her distressfully, and then,
suddenly recaptured by hts habitual dis
trust, or perhaps reminded of some in
trigue just imrnrted by the treasurer, he
withdrew his hand.
"Since you insist, here is the proof of
your duplicity. But, as I said before, I
wish to overlook it. if you will grant me
this one favor, of avoiding all allusion to
political affairs. I shall still endeavor to
deserve your friendship."
Reluctantly, but with a grave sfcrnnes*
"But why— why? I will not believe that
it is simple rudeness; I have known you
so long! Tell me the reason of it. Mr.
Perlcord. I implore you, tell me. before
it shall be too late for us to recover the
sympathies of this afternoon!"
"I am compelled to. Miss Berisicoff."
vital importance, something 1 needing im
mediate action/ and j-ou greet me as a
stranger— you refuse even to Il3ten to
me."
Tcr the rest of the evening Valda was
absorbed In listening to her Idol from a
<•• I a see, and in watching the attitude to
ward him cf the guests, as various In
f'-r,k and Importance as they were cos
»> t ¦ Mtan in nationality. There were rep
reseatadvea of a dozen different countries
-^-Austrian, Belgian. Italian, Spanish,
Japanese, as v/ell as American. British,
French. German and Russian ; tho wives
of these attaches and secretaries; three
or four great mandarins, including Prince
Cliir.s ar.d the Governor of Peking; the
BLAKE.
CHAPTER VIL
She was brought back to her censes by
fi little pat on the fhoulder and the voice
cf b«r puardian at her car.
"Magnificent!" he a whispered ¦with an
er.rouraging smile, "But be careful, for
he is as i-hy as a two-year-old. Do not be
in a hurry to press your advantage. The
Impression Is made and 5t will bear fruit
»vf-n if he sulks for a week. You've got
In ahead of the rest, and that is the main
tl:ir;P."
VaJda'a new-found Joy vanished into
p-ir. Ehe shuddered at her guardian's
t r uch. and all her thoughts ceemed turn
to id desecration.
For the man who had irreeted her with
fj<-h grave and modest benignity was the
Fame rr.ar., the very same, with the same
low, sympathetic voice, who had lifted
her on her pony after putting to flight
her tormentors, who had carried her
through the very courtyard ehe had Just
tra versed, who had inquired tenderly Jf
I.t ankle pained; not a day older, not a
¦wrinkle, not a new whit© ha!r in the Iron
pray beard, only a little firmer and more
In carriage, a little more self-as
pcred, a little fuller In the face, a little
younger In the eyes, as if-r-she thought
with B^nEeless rejoicing— tho resumption
( f his bachelordom bad taken away the.
r^tty worries which carve crows' feet on
ih<5 brows of genius. And eo It was that
ft. wild elation had selxed her. a mad re
vulsion from the mortal misgivings which
had mafle her kn»*s to quake, a boundless
joy to look at last upon the Incarnation
of her dubious dreams and evanescent
memories, so that ehe uttered the first
pay ro<juptries of her heart, entirely for
fretting that ehe was a stranger and a
guest, ar.d her host a great personage
whr;ra women were wont to bow to with
2:rt!c K- ?B awe than to royalty.
"Oh, forgive rr.eV murmured Val<5a,
turr.ir.£ hastily away to hide her own
T;urn!r.g blushes and not less manifest
confusion: terrified at the bounding of
her heart which !t did not seem possible
That she could control sufficiently to go
In to dinner sedately.
"I really did not know that I had been
guilty of any such presumption, made
moiselle," he stammered, with the offend
f-d but frightened look of a Fnubbed
Fchoo'bcy.
: Fhe h ped. then, to marry this
• ¦ ;.'. be an absurd conclu
sion. A • !.:. ¦: t 10 years does not think
of rr.i: : :•. -• . mzi : It would have been suf
tr.z for her ms she grew older to re
member thai Mr. Periccrd had already a
wife. l>l>'. she Jove him? Again, does a
:: : realize what is meant by love, and
I s a young women fasten her affections
:. the memory of a mar— a man, too, of
iost insignificant appearance, old
<r.<~'V.£h to !>•• her father? To analyze the
fi . . . haracter of a Uusso-Manchu half-
Le wj!>! he beyond the diagnosis of a
Lavaler, and to the girl herself this In
explicable fr.ndness appeared now some
_' '.:r.r.?.tural and even shameful; but
pympathles do not reason, and her knees
; ..:y ir'-mbled and her heart fluttered
with terror as she prepared to s=ee the
prriv.-* face and weak body transformed
into the decrepitude of old age.
"Welcome to Pekinp. Miss Beriskoff."
V !da laughed outright; laughed almost
hysterically. She pressed the firm white
:.'.!. i with schoolgirl cordiality and re
• rted ?•'!>':¦ :
'T.\::. s'.r. I have already been three
months in Peking: Does your Grandeur
Can to Imply that no one can have ar
• . In Peking until she has received the
.: recognition cf your handshake? I
I have attended half a dozen of
;.- garden parties. L;ut I really did not
know until this minute that the Superin
tendent General of Chinese Re\ - er.ues was
asythiss mare corporeal than a board"'
To say that this speech spread con-
Fternatlon through the assembled guests
would but faintly indicate the astonish
rr.rr.t, I might almost say terror, which
v.'&s dpjiicted crx the faces of the young
men, the ladies, the Etaff, even the griz
7.;r-<1 SUnisterB. who had to stroke their
mustaches with a simultaneous uplifting
c f '.?v.K-?.r.F;c-rf-<i hands which had the air
cf a salute. And when they v*-n tared to
raise their *>yes stealthily to the face of
the Veiled Prophet, the Grand Llama,
p'nuB audaciously bearded, their conster
:.atioTj was changed to a profound alarm
for the anticipated pleasures* of the even-
Ing. For the F. G. was blushing deeply —
blushing to the very top of his bald fore
head, and his har.d vis.iblj' trembled as
h*> etill held it outstretched.
established precedents, crudely, although,
I must confess, very ski"~x.l»>-. addressed
a circular to the powers virtually demand
ing a recognition of the "open doer"
• :. :i for a!! the treaty ports. This cir
cular v..-is aimed straight, at our own
.:s with reference to this very port of
chwanj. when; American imports of
: a poods and oil form a growing j tOin of
ie trai'.i . Bluffed in this vulgar fashion,
¦re were compelled for tho time being to
dare that we had no Intention of alter*
S the tariff or assuming the collection
the uusii's. But of course we have no
tioa of allowing: this transparent
bluff ol a non-military republic to turn
:h^ manifest destiny of Russia. It
ben fi :<- b'come cxtr.-mely important
as :^. know just what secret under
adsts between the Chinese Gov
ern dot and Great Kritain and Japan
cnforeir.p; the 4 open dcor # policy
" n we are rt -"'iy to declare, our hand
:ive sounded the Tsur-.g !I Vamrn and
tin y know nothing. Between
£c*3i!es are negotiating
•-•¦> vnh Mr. Pericord; who arrogates
to lrir: :-• [f. ;;; he has always done In
a Imlntetratior. of the revenue.
ing claim to krep In his own
£8 It were, the documents relat
es vital understanding^ to bo
placed :;* the Vaincn'* hands only when
the natter reaches the Btage of active
Until 1 know what this un
iiDB amounts to, my hands' are
' • ¦ v; J might almost Fay t!:«? whole
a policy or Russia is brought to
|, taadstill Valda"— here M. de t=amo
ar laid his hand on her shoulder and
; ¦ :.e<! at her impressively— "Vaida. I :n
rust to you v.u- vital task of sounding
Mr. Periccrd personally on this topic.
\OU l.ave all the facts. You will meet
m a: dinner to-night. A woman of your
::.tc:!iKtnc« need not b<: toI-J by what
nea&s a tlr.-.id but sympathetic nun Is
t .-t persuaded to part with his secret*."
Valda withdrew her shoulder from her
guardian's hand as she mi^ht have shud-
CereU from the touch of an asp, and
valkei away from h!::i. M. <> Samovar
looked after her with an evil perplexity.
"I>et the girl r'.ay me falre. ' be mut
tered, "and che s;i:\!l find that Peking It
rot St. Petersburg"
At last Valda was to meet the hern of
her childhood. In look upr.r the f.:oe which
had haur.;e<i her during i-isriu yeiirs
crowded with r.?~' sensations, l:i tho
whirl of social triumph.--. In the din of
r.ia«cu!ir.<' Battery, in the very midst of
•whimpered courtship from • *.ozr.* of the
haxidsonvst and most celebrated benux
of Europe. Every one had wondered at
the strange girl's indifference *<> thes«
r.arter!' ?. her aversion to irjarriage, her
coldness, her Inaccessibility. She herself
perhaps had sometimes wondered at her
;;..:;¦. Nov. at last, her heart told her
\\ !:y ;=l;t* ht.l kept herself unclaimed, and
an awful misgiving beset her that she
I ' -:'d i:r.d Ehe had cherished an utter
delusion, prepared for herself a dleap
¦:..:.: full only cf bathos and ridi-
-The S. G. of I. U. P. resets to ln
fcrin your Excellencies that he has Just
received a telegram from the treasurer
of Chill to the effect that yesterday,
shortly after midnight, at no great dis
tance from Paotlns-Fn, the courier em
ployed by this deportment for the trans
mission of your Excellencies' mall to the
const was waylaid by robbers and his
mail bag broken into.
Three days later much fxcltement wu
caused in Legation street by the follow-
Irg circular addressed to the foreign
Ministers by Mr. Pertcord:
Th^n the latent strength and Initiative
of Valda's character asserted Itself; a
strength inherited from her mother, who
possessed in excess the bold qualities
which distinguish Manchu women. She
wrote a brief note on the stamped paper
whk-h stood on a small writing desk and,
muffling herself in Mr. Samovar's fur
overcoat wnich she had lent to Mr. Pert
cord, she went oirt -without one backward
glance and sought the building which con
tained the quarters of the revenue mess.
Here she sent up the note by a boy. In
a few minutes she was joined by Blake.
This occurred on the 2d of January.
CHAPTER X.
THE STOLV.X DISPATCH.
Mr. I'ericord held up his hand.
"Since you refuse to respect my rn!e».
I shall wish you good evening. Miss B«
riPkoff."
With a cold bow and a reproachful look,
he was pone.
She rose impetuously. "I do not car*
—I have not time to explain.'" she cried.
'Whether you will listen or not, I will tell
you that the Russian Minister, my gxiax
dian, la at this very moment—"
Valda was overwhelmed. She sank Into
a chair, murmuring, "My God, what can
I do?"
which terrified her, he produced from his
pocket the slip of paper he had picked up
in the fender.
THE SUNDAY CALL.
own
15will die, though the whole world point the
finger of scorn.
That he is Inherently without the ability
to Judge between right and wrong would
seem evident from the open way in which
he has perpetrated his misdeeds. To do
the wrong thing was to do the natural
thing for John Chretien. Almost invaria
bly he was detected in his crookedness.
Again and again he has good-naturedly
admitted crimes which any other man
would keep under lock and key. "A moral
idiot." says the psychologist.
Early .in his career, the black spots on
his' character made their appearance.'
Twenty-five years ago he was a young
lawyer with a promising future.* But he
strayed into politics and was soon up to
his knees In the mire. Then came the tint
blot on the 'scutcheon. Jack Chretien ;
star bon vlvant of the Bohemian Club|
had been forced to resign, said the gossips!
The reason why soon leaked through club
doors. He had introduced into the club
a professional gambler, with whose aid
Chretien pocketed goodly poker winnings.
The trick was discovered and his resig
nation demanded, but not until a . signed
confession was obtained from him.
Instead of rcgilding bis reputation.
1 got m nere. Tn<s chief Jailer here, ' and
Happy Jack winked familiarly at him.
"haa broken bread and popped corks with
xne many times. Well, I was so glad to
eee him I forgot the changed circum
stances, elapp'ed him on the back and said}.
•How are you, old man?' 'Here,' he saM,
•you stand over in that corner and wait
your turn; when I'm ready I'll attend to
you.' That was a solar plexus, but i
said to myself, 'Come out strong, Jack,
he doesn't mean anything; he's just got
to remind you of his authority." I was
ready with a" smile when he called me
up to the desk."
Mr. Chretien's first dinner in Jail was a
memorable one. Upon request, as Is tho
rule, he was permitted to send outside for
his meals. A waiter from a neighboring
Italian restaurant waa brought to; Mr.
Chretien's cell, or boudoir as he calls It,
to make arrangements. The waiter re
turned bristling with politeness and hair.
With his oily fingers he spread the feast,
and smacking: his lips by way of en
couragement, waited for his •victim to
fall to.
! Mr. Chretien had not yet been Informed
of the rule forbidding: a prisoner a knife
or fork. . '.'Here, Garibaldi," f he called.
"What you think I eata the nica fresh
feesh with? Tou think I cuta the meat
with my feengers? You shake those spa
ghetti feet of yours and bring me a knife
and fork."
."No glva the knife or fork; only spoon."
eald the waiter. "I forgetta to cut him
for you."
"Better eat It for me, too!" And then
remembering that when Mark Tapley lay
burning up with fever he was too far
gone to speak, he feebly wrote "Jolly"
on a -slate, Happy Jack '"came out strong"
and flavored his dinner with quips and
Jests that brought the Jailers to the res
cue of "the waiter.
Chretien has every confidence of being
cleared when his case is brought to trial.
It has been thrown into the police courts,
and Chretien knows their ways— more
dark and mysterious than the heathen
Chinee. His only concern* Is to have it
over with. That he can/never be cleared
of the disgrace, though he escape punish
ment, does not shatter his aelf-satisfac
tlon one whit.
To the world at large Jack Chretien's
merry mood sits oddly on a man who has
Just been ground through the mill. He
has been a pictured a remorseful penitent
creature. But to those who know him
well his attitude Is no ' surprise. Happy
Jack he was born and Happy* Jack he
One of the "spectroscopic binaries'* re
cently discovered by Professor Campbell
with the Mills spectrograph of the L ! ck
Observatory is Capella, in Auriga, one of
the brightest three stars, if not the
brightest In the northern hemisphere.
Mr. Newall. an English amateur astron
omer, has also made spectroscopic obser
vations of this star, which are fully in ac
cord with those of Professor CampbelL
Mr. Newall finds that the two components
of the star do not differ greatly In mass
and are nearly equal In brightness, an<3
that the period of their revolution around
their common center of gravity la 104
days. Assuming that their orbit is set
nearly edgewise toward ua. he computes
its radius to be about 52,000.000 miles: ff
the plane of the orbit is Inclined to cur
line of sight, its size must be greater thanA
this— perhaps twice as great. W« may^
conceive of Capella. then, aa two monste
runs. each probably many times larger
than our sun. circling around each other
in orbits which may be smaller than that
of the planet Venu3 and can hardly t»
much greater than that of the earth.
Ohe Binary <Jtar Capella.
jChretlen proceeded to tarnish It still fur
ther. In handling the administration of
his father's estate he openly boasted of
1 purloining a bankbook with a credit 01
$5000 intended for his mother. This is cer
1 talnly the most unworthy deed on ths
long list charged up to John M. Chretien.
The story of his attempting to black
mall a young married, woman, and after
ward, at the point of a pistol, retracting
the charges. Is too well known to need
repetition. But so are all his other mis
deeds. Pocketing half of Manager Fraw
ley's copyright payment on a Oaly play,
and when the performance was almosi
stopped by order of Daly, he denied that
he had ever received a cent of the $900.
Fortunately Frawley had his check
stubs. His endeavors to mismanage the
Fourth of July funds for his own benefit
came to light and he was expelled from
the committee through charges brought
by the Musicians' Union. He has been
accused of robbinz the helpless widow
and orphan, of getting money on prom
ises of municipal jobs, of dozens of other
<T ACK CHRETIEN cannot know a
- moment's unhapplnesa. Now is the
opportunity of his life to show his
capacity for being miserable. But
he is as chubby and cheerful under the
drubbing of fate as when fortune smiled.
"Happy Jack"' they call him at the Broad
way "Jail. It cannot be paid that since
his Incarceration in jail his cheerfulness
sr.d good nature have increased, for they
would hardly a^mit of augmentation.
Certainly his spirits are as high as ever.
Word that an interviewer was awaiting
him in the office brought him down the
e-teps three at a time, rather puffy from
the descent, for Mr. Chretien has more
embonpoint than is quite reconcilable
¦with the established ideas of grace. In
deference to the warm weather or a
r.egiertful laundryman he wore neither
collar nor cravat. Mr. Chretien's counte
nance, wreathed in smiles and triple chins,
was as merry as merry could be.
"The other gentlemen in my boudoir are
having a warm discussion," said Happy
Jack, "so I was glad to leave them. Oh,
r.othing serious— they are both gentlemen.
One is an absconder and the other is In
for forgery. I think. But they are both
good fellows."
Mr. Chretien is well aware of the fact
that his good spirits and sallies of wit
ere sources of wonder and amusement to
the jailers. There is something very
¦whJmsieal in his defense of his unfailing
good humor. "I obey the jail rules and
they treat me well? so why .shouldn't I
be merry."
The shame and disgrace of It all never
occurs to him.
The corner of a book poked out of his
pocket and Mr. Chretien confessed to an
Immense amount of reading. "Th's 13
my ttand-by," and he pulled out a dog
eared edition of Martin Chuzzlewit.
"Don t I remind you of Mark Tapley?'
ffk^ci Mr. Chretien, with a chuckle.
"Mark Tapley believes that there never
*as a man as could come out so
strong under circumstances that would
make other men miserable. If Mark had
met me. he'd given up being Jolly, for
I've gone through tighter squeezes with a
emiie on my face than Mark ever dream
ed of.
Mr. Chretien's round blue eye* lighted
on a passage and he rubs his fat hands
appreciatively. "Mr. Tapley found it very
difficult to pet a chance to come out
strong. Mark to^k the situation as host
ler at the Dragon in the belief that ft
schemes to dishonestly obtain anytiar.x
from a 'dollar up. His bogus heir flaero.
Is only one of many games John M. Chre-V
tlen has played.
Tet this forger, card sharp, confidence
operator, ring politician and blackmatl-r
takes life w.'*a high glee, and gusto.
whether it b© in sunlight or jail. Broad
way jail has never known his equal. His
humor is not a gri«f-llned cloak, put on
to hide the real feelings. It is genuine,
says every Jailer and cellmate. Time
never drags for Happy Jack, his fund of
good stories never runs low.
Last week the men were flxlnsr the reef
above his cell. "Hey there!" called Happy
Jack, "if that's a roof garden you're
building, plant the palms downward no
the loaves will grow through my gratlr.g."
When his lawyer comes. Chretien luShea
on him like a schoolboy and bubbles over
with mirth and jocular salutations.
"They all seem to think I ought to b«
very downcast. Over what. I'd like t<*
know." and Happy Jack squares himself,
and opens his round blue eyes as wort
deringly as the urchin who knows that
he's caught In the lie. but keeps on Iylnj
Just the same.
; "I amuse myself reading and ttudy
Spanish for mental exercts**. They treat
me all right here, so why should I be mis
erable?" Always he speaks of the mo
ment, with never a regret for the shams
upon shame he has heaped upon a one*
honored name.
. "After all." he says in partinar. "I think
•I come out stronger' than friend Tapl-y.
He was jolly under rather rough circum
stances, but I've kept my spirits under
still more trying conditions. I dor.'t de^
serve any credit for it because I J'lat can't™
help being jolly. It's easiest for me."
If Jack Chretien 13 assuming this Jollity
then the world h~~ lost its greatest actor.
But he isn't. Trust the jailers and his
cellmates to pick the flaw in hia good
humor if there were one.
There is cne way of accounting for It
Perhaps the fairies did attend his chris
tening. Certainly "Happy" Jack ChreU«a
is a man without a conscience.
was the dullest little out-of-the-way cor
ner in England, and that there would be
some credit In being jolly in such a place.
But ho left It because there was no dull
ness there whatever and he could not rea
sonably claim any credit for being jolly
under such circumstances. He had to
leave England to get a chance.
"Now. I've never had to hunt for 'a
chance to come out strong.' But when
the court ordered me to jail I realized that
the chance had arrived, so I followed my
friend, Mark Tapley's advice.. 'Now
Jack Chretien.' said I, giving myself a
tremendous blow on the chest by way
of a reviver, 'just you attend to what I've
pot to say. Things are looking about as
bad as they can look, young: man. You'll
rot have such another opportunity lor
showing your jolly disposition, my fine
fellow, as long as you live. And. there
fore. Jack Chretien, now's your time to
come out strong- or never.'
"I eaire out siromg the very first nieht
The fairies watched the christen
ing with much interest— it was so
different from their manner of put
ting a baby on a rose petal and
sprinkling it with dew. The baby's
dress was very sheer and fine for a
mortal. The ladies all talked baby
g-co to the little chappie, and though
he was christened John M. Chretien,
everybody called him Jack.
On a table were the gifts — silver
There was a great flutter in
fairyland ever tlie affair. All the
fairies in the dell, save one only, re
ceived invitation s. Afterward, the
Erownie who acted as special mes
senger, claimed that the slighted
fairy did receive nn invitation, but a.s
it was written in Trench she could
not reed it.
The fairies were net "among thoss
present" in the newspaper accounts
of the christening. But they wen
there nevertheless. The reporters just
didn't happen to see them, which v;as
quite natural, fairies not being in
their line.
OXCE upon a time the fairies
were invited to a christening-.
spoons, silver mugs and rattles bj
the dozen. No one saw the fairlei
as they circled round the baby, soft
ly speaking their gifts.
*'I give him health,"' cooed thi
queen of the fairies. "1 give him
rare intelligence," said the maid of
honor. Moderate wealth, a true
and loving- mate, a nimble wit, the
will to do, the courage to dare and
so on, they showered their gifts.
The last still floated in air,
¦when suddenly the slighted fairy ap
peared in the door-way and in a voice
choking with rage hissed, "Un
availing youV gifts, for I take away
this child's conscience I"
For a breathless second the queen
of the fairies couldn't think just how
to cheat the envious fairy of her re
venge. Then with a sigh she said
"I give this child unfailing- good
humor:*' \
'•Has she spoiled his lifeP" whis
pered the maid of honor to the queen
as they neared the fairies' dell.
"John Chretien will make others
miserable, but he himself can never
be unhappy. For I have given him
unfailing good humor.*'
How "Happy"
Fack
Chretien
passes his
time in jail
Has a Fund
of humor
that never
seems to
desert him
THE SUNDAY CAlil,.
16yond the belief of those who think
indifference the chiif ingredient in
Chinese make-up.
The story of Kwang Hsu, Emperor
of China, is indeed a rare one. He
dared break the ironclad traditions cf
the royal family. He stands a soli
tary and unique figure in a dynasty
that for four thousand years has
wielded a conservative scepter.
Kwang -Hsu, despite birth and train
ing, in an incredibly short time.be
came an ardent reformer, chancing
even his throne for the cause.
The story of his conversion to re
form has b»en written specially for
The Sunday Call by his friend and
fellow-student, Leung Kai Tin. Tong
Chong, editor of the Chinese reform
paper, rendered the Chiness of Leung
Kai Tin literally into English.
It is a peculiarly interesting pen
picture of the most remarkable Em
peror in the world — Kwang Hsu —
written by one of hi3 most remark
able subjects. Certainly Leung Kai
Tin is THE most remarkable China
man who hes ever visited San Fran*
cisco.
I AM probably the only person who has
ever visited th!s country who has had
the distinction of having had personal
communication with Emperor Kwang
Hsu. The same was accorded me becausf.
I was a pupil of Kang Yu Wei, and ono
of the echolars whom the Emperor gath
ered about him during; hlB six months of
busy reform.
The Emperor to a man of marked in
telligence, but physically anything but ro
bust. In appearance he- Is very .Blender,
with regular features and facial expres
sion 'almost effeminate in its refinement
and a smile of remarkable sweetness.
It has been during his short period of
power, for the first time in 4000 years, that
China has experienced the privilege of an
honest, patriotio ruler; a man without a
desire for his personal self, caring only
for the welfare of his subjects.
I I was exiled with my brother and all
others of the Emperor's supporters who
could be informed in tim«* by that worthy
iruler, who suddenly realized that the
tcraah was coming. Six of our companion*
He Was a Fellow-Student of Emperor Kwang Hsu of China
This and other arguments convinced
Yung Hong Wo and he too became an en
thusiastic reformer, faithfully repeating
to the Emperor every word uttered by
Kang Yu WeL The Emperor appreciated
it all, for this scholar had been his most
faithful and trusted instructor for many
years.
In a. short time the Emperor became a
sound reformer himself, and as a reward
for Kang Yu Wei's wisdom ordered
a royal decree that reform be proclaimed.
This greatly displeased the Dowager, who
managed to secure the dismissal of many
ofllcials who favored the decree for re
form, some of whom were the Emperor's
trusted advisers. This had the effect of
retarding the movement for a time, and
Kang Yu Wei left Peking on a lecture
tour through all the provinces.
At the close of the twenty-third year
of the reign of Kwang Hsu, when the
Germans took possession of Kiaochau
wan, Kansr Yu "Wei immediately re
turned to Peking from Canton and ex
plained the seriousness of the situation,
but he was refused an audience, all offi
cials also refusing to forward his message
to the Emperor.
But he at last found one named Ko Sit,
who whs in thorough sympathy with
Kang Yu Wei, who took It upon himself
to see the Kmperor and ask him to Issue
an order giving Kang Yu Wei a personal
Interview.
The Emperor was about to comply when
Prince Kung went to his Majesty and
begged him not to do so, saying: "Kang
Yu Wei is a man of low rank and there
fore, according to court etiquette, has no
right to appear before the Emperor."
Tho Emperor explained to Prince Kungr
that he wished to consult with Kang Yu
Wei on a matter of great importance.
The Prince said this could be accom
plished through some palace official, -who
might carry both message and answer,
thereby saving the dignity of the court.
The Emperor was compelled to accede to
this, for It was in strict accordance with
an ancient and well-defined law. -
The Emperor was anxious to hear Kane
Yu Wei's message from some one he could
trust, so he requested the president of the
Foreign Office to meet Kang Yu Wei.
which he did. Kang Yu Wei explained to
that high official bis Ideas on the subject,
Leung Kai Tin, though still in his
twenties, is a man of marvelous abil
ity. He is a scholar, not only learned
in the musty philosophy of the Ori
ent, but well versed in the history of
other nations and what has made
their success. He is an eloquent
speaker, and his lectures hare to his
countrymen have stirred them be-
Leung Kai Tin came to the Pacific
Coast to carry the doctrine of reform
to every city and village where his
brother Chinese congregate. In San
Francisco there are an especially
large number of progressive Chinese,
who believe that the light of modern
civilization should penetrate the
gloom of China. Their battle-cry is,
Give back the throne to the young
Emperor Kwang Hsu. They would
have the Empress Dowager divested
of every vestige of power.
Six of the most promising advo
cates of reform were butchered at the
instigation of the Empress Dowager
before they could make their escape,
but Kang Yu Wei, Leung Kai Tin,
Leung Chi Tso and several others
managed to escape.
When the Emperor saw that his
reformers had endangered his own
safety and that of his advisers and
that matters were nearing a crisis he
sent a secret message to Kwang Yu
Wei, informing him of the peril that
was threatening all reformers. He
bade them fiy at once.
fered his services for this delicate
and dangerous task.
were beheaded as coon as the Dowager
seized the reins of Government and hun
dreds of others imprisoned for life.
Twelve years ago when Kang Yu Wei
¦was a teacher at Canton, he spent most
of hl3 time explaining to his pupils how
the great nations, had reached their state
of perfection through gradual reform, in-
Fisting that Japan was made by the same
process.
He taught them that the only way to
succeed was to induce their Government
to reform. As soon as his -theories be
came known to the Government at Peking,
Kang Yu Wei was pronounced insane by
the ofllcials there and a determined effort
was made to suppress him until the Em
peror had reached the twenty-first year of
his reign.
It was during the Chino-Japanese war
that Kang Yu Wei sent a petition
covering hundreds of pages to Emperor
Kwang Hsu; explaining all his ideas and
theories on reform, lie begged his Ma
jesty to lend an ear to his pleadings, in
sisting that China's futuro safety depend
ed solely upon reform.
When the Emperor read the petition he
was pleased beyond measure and at once
ordered hla secretary to make copies of
the instrument, one for the Dowager and
one •each for the Governors and Viceroys
of the various provinces, which resulted
in a terrible Jealousy springing up against
Kmig Yu Wei. Again Kang Yu Wei ad
dressed the Emperor, which the officers
refused to forward.
But Yung Hung Wo. the old teacher of
the Emperor, was so taken by the modern
ideas advanced by Kang Yu Wei that he
began searching for books of modern
times to see if they agreed with the opin
ions of Kang Yu Wei. He was surprised
at the revelation and immediately ex
pressed his great respect for the wisdom
of the reformer — especially his expres
sions on conditions existing in Japan and'
Korea, which he found verified by other
works.
Next he Invited Kane Yu Wei to come
to Peking that he might better explain
his theories and Kang Yu Wei exp'alned
to the Emperor's instructor as soon as he
reached his presence:
"All the powers are threatening each
other. Unless we reform, what standing
can we claim as a nation?" t- «•<>¦..
ENTEB in our midst on© Leung
Kai Tin, erstwhile fellow stu
dent of Emperor Kwang Hsu
of China.
Even to see th« Emperor is a raro
privilege, denied the great majority
of the almond-eyed. The fortunate
Celestial who rubs elbows with his
Uajesty is singularly honored by his
countrymen. But he who breaks
throug-h the sacred inner circle and
lives in daily communication •with
the Emperor of China is almost a di
vinity to the half a thousand million
less fortunate subjects.
Such a dignitary is Leung Kai Tin.
Small wonder that there is a great
nutter in Chinatown over the pres
ence of this most remarkable guest.
The next best thing to gazing at the
Emperor himself is seeing an inti
mate friend of his Majesty.
Leung Kai Tin is the only man,
white or yellow, who has come to us
with the halo of contact with Chinese
royalty distinguishing him.
The young Emperor Kwang Hsu
has been shanghaied and murdered
60 often by the Empress Dowager—
eccording to report — that he has be
come shadowy and unreal to most
minds. He has been killed and res
urrected regularly for many moons,
until the uninitiated have doubted
whether such a person as Kwang Hsu
ever existed.
Leung Kai Tin's presence, in a
measure, is a guarantee to the incred
ulous of the reality of Emperor
Kwang Heti. The Chinese residents
needed no such evidence. While
Kwang Hsu was in power his sweep
ing reforms made his subjects fully
telling him how necessary it^waa to re
form, that the nation could In no other
way establish a standing with the Govern
ments \if the world.
The effect of this message upon the Em
peror was astonishing, lie expressed hla
belief that such noble sentiments could
only come from an honest, faithful and
wise statesman— one who might be trusted
with any undertaking for the nation's
pood. He ordered the president of .the
Koreign Office that In future alt commu
nications from Kang Yu Wei were to be
forwarded to. him without a. moment's
delay.
This gave Kann Yu Wei the opportunity
which he had locked so long and anxious
ly for. He was now in direct communica
tion with the Emperor, with a fair chance
to propound to his Majesty the principles
so dear to his heart and lay bare the re
sults of his life's study. In doing so he
committed but* one serious error. He al
lowed his enthusiasm to get the better of
his judgment, thereby furnishing the
Dowager the only weapon sl.e could use
against him— for he, suggested reforms s^
sweeping that In a country bo conserva
tive as China it was an easy matter to
turn many of- the Emperor's friends
against him. - ¦
At last Yung Hung "Wo managed to in
duce Karig Yu Wei to write a memorial
to the Emperor, with, the result that his
Majesty concluded to make some of the
great changes as suggested by. the re
former. .
Further the Emperor was so taken by
the writings of Kaftg Yu Wei that, de
spite all court etiquette, ho expressed a
desire to meet . the writer personally,
which was most -vigorously opposed, by
Prince Kunpr.. but fortunately the Prince
died soon after.
Then came the "consultation with the
Emperor, resulting in a complete victory
for Kang Yu Wei < and -reform, for the
Emperor agreed with every section^of the
written requests of "the' reformer.
Again and again the Emperor requested
the presence of the reformer, wishing
further advice. Finally. In order to have
him within easy call. -he- : appolnted him
to a position in. the Foreign Office.- - This
caused more -Jealousy -. from Bome of the
Puking officials., ... ........ i
Some time previous to his' meeting with
the Emperor Kang Yu Wei hsd organ
ized a government i protective society,
which was bitterly opposed . by. Censor
"Wong, but the Emperor refused to listen
to the objections of this official, which
very much exaggerated the bitterness
against Kang Yu WeL
Another censor named Mon also sidad
with Wong, doing all in his power to In
jure Kang Yu Wei. with the Emperor.
Ills llajfsty then Informed Kans Yu
Wei that it would be better if they wera
not to meet so frequently, because ths
opposition was becoming dangerous — that
their affairs had better be conducted
through correspondence, for a time at
least.
Kantr Tu "Wei then devoted his tlm» to
the writing of a number of clever books
on the subject of reform. He explained
how Japan had been saved by timely
changes from their old Ideas; how Russia
End Prussia haU been rejuvenated by able
statesmen, and in order to show the result
of Inactivity he drew the attention of
readers to what had occurred to Poland
and India. Both had lost thetr all aa fc
result of their stupidity and Inability to
appreciate a future. .
As it was not considered safe that too
much shf>uii be known by outsiders re-
KArdirtf ti> relations.with Kang Yu We!,
the ¦ JCwjf^or appointed four personal
f.-iend: iu tct r.a letter bearers; two wero
old pupils of the reformer, and all could
be trusted.
Some of the officials became so enraged
over the Emperor's Intimacy with tho re
former that they even requested the flc
struction of Kar.g Yu Wei, my brother
Leunsr Chi Tso. and myself. Instead of
complying ¦with this request he listened to
Kp.nff Yu Wei. and In three months or
flered over twenty rartf.-al changes in the
laws of the empire, among them the com
plete revisal of the criminal and civil
rodfs, all to- be rearranged on tho plan
of these used in civilized nations; estab
lished schools lor. the acquirement of for
eign languages and colleges for military
training; abolished the bow and arrow
training; ordered the followers of th»
eight banners to support themselves In
times of peae*»: established silk and tea
exchanges; abolished the old form of Con
fucian examinations, substituting the cus
toms in vogue In England and America;
encourajred a free press, and gave every
subject permission to address tho throne
regardless of rank or title.
¦ Owtng to the diabolical plots of the Era
press Dowager, Kwang Hsu is now in in
activity. But we are doing our best to
spread the doctrines of reform so that all
Chintse shall see the necessity of a change
from the -old ways. As soon as Kwang Hsu
can be located, and there is no danger that
he has been killed, he will be given hla
throne. Then his reforms will bring about
such changes that China will take h«*
rightful place among nations. •• -*
realize that a new hand was wielding
the royal scepter.
But ever since the usurpation of
power by ths wily Empress Dowager
they have lived in constant dread
that Kwang Hsu would be hurried
to an untimely end..
Leung Kai Tin is reassuring on
this point. The complications In
China, he declares, will stay any mur
derous intentions of ths L"mpres3
Dowager. Moreover, crafty as she is,
she must realize that any such viola
tion of the sacred order of succession
would only completely destroy the
power of the I£anchurian houss.
Leung Xai Tin ovrcs the proud
privilege; of his psrsonal communi
cation -with the Emperor Kwang Hsu
to the fact that he is a pupil of Kang
Yu Wei, greatest of Chinese scholars
and reformers. It "was Kanrj Yu Wei
who first started the reform bee buz
zing in the royal bonnet. The young
Emperor finally lent a listening ear
to the teachings of Hang Yu Wei.
He became a pupil of that great
teacher. This naturally made the
Emperor eager to meet the most
brilliant scholars of Kang Yu Wei.
Among 1 the young men brought into
the royal presence were Leung Chi
Tso and Leung Kai Tin. Leung Xai
Tin was the younger brother, but
equally clever for his years, and an
ardent reformer.
When jsalousy mads It imperative
that the young Emperor have Ies3
frequent counsels with Kang Yu "W«i
it was decided to confine their inter
course to letters and to have thess
missives carried to and fro by some
trusted friend of reform. Leung Kai
Tin wa3 one of those who bravely of-
THE SUNDAY CALL.
17
|p|S K*i Tfruthe Great ReFormeN who
leaped the SmpreSS Do^aS^'s
wi-ath by conn^nS to San Fi-an
ctsco 9 Has soirie important
statements _Denmark claims that there Is not a sin
gle person in her domain who cannot read
and wrltok '/
which they had hidden themselves.
In. great clouds they would appear.
Thousands on thousands would emerge
from every opening in the canyon. Thick
er and thicker they would grow in the «.lr
above, until it seemed to the watchers
below that a great cloud hart settled
over the canyon. It could he seen that
they were leavinj? for the plains above to
->l:e a long flisrht in search of lood, but
number in the gorge would not seem
to jfrow less.
Minute after minute the black things
would continue to come out of the dark
openings in the cliiT3."not checking, but
all the while wheeling upward, until one
might doubt whether all this life were
real and j believe the furry thing3 were
passing and re-passing through some sub
terranean way, like the soldiers in a stage
army. ,•¦":..
For more than half an hour each night
Dr. Van Vleet and his party saw this
nrmy of little things pass out, and being
scientific men they tried to compute what
the number must be. They stopped when
they came to millions, for they agreed
that the number could be. nothing 'less.
When the sky began to show light
again < the winged things would come
'jack. First there would be the few
scouts, the ones that, dreaded the light
most, and that delved into the cave depths
to find security. Then would come . the
vanguard, and then the great body, a
cloud, again, hastening, as the first rays
Ot the sun shot across the plain to find
Every one knows in the migration from
town to country how annoying the early
morning light is to the city bred, particu
larly the women who do not have to ma
at the first crow of the ccck in order to
catch a train to business. Those people
who are summerlns in hotels and board
ing houses commonly occupy rooms with
whitewashed or very light papered walls,
and this reflects the strong light, which
by 4 o'clock these summer mornings be
gins to turn the light sleeper into a wake
ful, restless creature, who. If he or sh«
have blinds, gets up and closes them, but
is forced for lack of air to at least leavs
the shutters open, whereby too much light
enters.- And frequently there Is so littla
air that to bar out any of It. even by
drawn blinds with open shutters. Is out
of the question.
t
of having these luxuries, in hot weather
many persons object lo using them be
cause of the amount of air these things
shut out from a room.
the creek. But those who drink it regret
for it is the "gyp 1 ; water, which brings
wee.
From other ledges of sandstone come
other springs of water, pure and spark-
It. then back toward- the starting point,
and hack and forth. 'back and forth, each
irip shorter, until It cornea to rest sus
pended above the middle of the canyon,
fifteen feet from the ground.
HERE IS A SIMPLE DEVICE TO
DARKEN THE DAWN.
H^ R JT 1S * dlsc °very: A thin, black
India silk handkerchief tied over
the eyes is the best remedy for the
annoyance of the early morning
Blare to which in their bedrooms most
persons are now subjected
tiSU 8^" a , rmy trIck ' c °mmonly prac
ticocl on the Mains and in camp bv Those
desiring to sleep after dawn, bui never be!
fore divulged to the effete Easterner. Some
officer* scorn this expedient, others Uk« it
and the army woman resorts to It always
It often happens, however, that she does
not possets a black sHk handkerchief, in
*nlch cas* she pins a black stocking over
her eyes instead. And frequently her hus
bana is not above begging the other stock
ing. This solves the problem of shutting
Z\ way" Sht " m ° St SlmpIe &$gtt
a house but frequently they are not* more
ax"I^ Ul f^ in the COUntr *. wherjThe™
are most needed. Tien, even In the evexp
gwge would become all alive with the
client things that swept around and never
seemed to alight. Then, as darkness
came, the great army of bats would begin
their swift flight out from the depths in'
except tnoie r~nc were ir.emoers or ir.t
tribes by blood or nuirriarre were per
mitted to venture into the hill country
Rumors of immense mineral deaasiLs
oer or iiavcre concealed within it. But
one who attempts to ride- across it, as
members of the nurvey party did, will
find his way barred in almost the center
WEIRD FLAME THAT SCARES
AN ITALIAN VILLAGE.
A WONDERFUL thing has been
frightening the inhabitants of
IJerbenno In Italy for several
year*. It is weird enough to ex
cuse their belief in its supernatural origin,
end to make explicable the state of ner
vous dread in which they have been living.
T^'ow a prominent scientist has studied it
find fails to understand it. He cannot even
formulate a theory, but he has at least
enriched the world with a marvelous
Professor Fabani is the man. He heard
the tale of the strange happenings In the
little village and a few months ago he vis
ited the place and witnessed them. On the
eight of his arrival a trembling guide took
him a short distance outside of the village,
where the country was perfectly open.
Buddenly there appeared before them a
thin, long torgue of flame. At flrst It was
orJy a few Inches high. - Then It rose In
curious windings till It reached a height of
twenty-flve feet. Its tint changed from
white to red.«and thea to yellow. For a
Jew moments the flame appeared to bo
stationary. Tfcen, at once. It began to flit
•long the road, now touching the ground.
then skimming along .a few inches above
the surface, then springing high Into the
air. Sometimes It would lie along the
ground and crawl like a snake. Again It
would dance and whirl swiftiy. But al
ways it maintained its general onward di
rection, which was 'toward the church
yard, where It disappeared. Professor
Fabani watched it night after, night. lie
reports that the flams appeared almost
every night as soon as darkness came, and
that the flame appeared to have a differ
ent shape almost each time that he saw'
it. Often it moves directly into the teeth
of a gale, and snow and rain fall to ex
tinguish it. He declares that he failed
absolutely to find anything that could
account for it. He was unable to touch
the strange thing, for the flame avoids ap
proaching bodies, and human beings who
pursue it have their labor for their pains.
Niagara power was used so long agt> as
1725. when the French erected a sawmill
near the site of the present factory of the
Plttsburg Reduction Company. It was
used for the purpose of eupply,lnfir flawed
lumber for Fort Niagara.
The waters fairly sported In this work.'
When they cut away the supports ot
masses of gypsum these fell below, only
"to be washed away or to form pillars la
passages around which the waters might
swirl. Towers and minarets of curious
design uoie left on the walla of the gorge.,
making it beautiful as well 23 wonderful.
Dr. Van Vleet's party explored thesV
Caves so far as they could. In some places
the entrances were so low that It was
Oifncult to crawl Into them, but once In-'
side great chambers opened up and tha
torches used by the party could not glv«
a view of the ro .f. Sometimes the course
of a cavern coyM »e tollowed for miles
:ilo::s the creek, with large aad small
openings givlns opportunity to see tha
wonders within.
But exploration of their depth was'
found Impossible. When the party ven
tured into any of these caverns witlj
torches 'they o'sturbed Inhabitants 'that
had never before had such visitation an<l
resented it. Great swarms of bats, wind
ed and furry things, swooped down fror.i
the roofs and in from the passages into
vhldh the light penetrated, Hew around
the explorers 1 heads aad even dasheJ
blindly into the flame of the torches
The men were compelled to fight fierce
ly against the horde of small things.
They were worsted, too, in the fight, for •
tha best they could do was to stand their
ground. If they attempted to venture In-,
to the passages they could see opening
further along they would awaken new
hordes of th© winged things and thetr
foes would be multiplied twofold and
sometimes tenfold.
ling. The suffering traveler who essay*
to quench his thirst in thes© finds only
more thirst, for from somewhere they
bring the brine that flows through the
creek.
Where Salt Creek leaves the hills tho
bluffs rise almost three hundred fe«t
above the creek bed. and at the top the
two massive Iedge3 cf gypsum are scarce
ly a quarter of a mile apart. Some person
has stretched a stout wire from ledse to
ledge, on ¦which a framework running on
a pulley supports a swing.
Starting: from one bank, the swing with
its occupant is whirled downward across
the canyon almost a quarter of a rnile.
and then as far upward toward the op
posite ledge as Its momentum will carrz
their places before they were blinded by
the orb that furnishes life and light to
other things.
When daylight came in full the gorge
would be still again, and the vision of
the bat army seemed to those who had
observed it as more like a visit to fairy
land than a real sight in the days of the
material life.
There were other wonder3. too. to be
found in the canyon cf Salt Creek. From
out of the ledges on the side would spurt
clear Fprln^a of water that had found
a course through the mcks and the gyp
i-um until they could pain freedom In the
creek ted. The water was clear and In
viting to those who were thirsty and
could find nothing but the salt waters or
by a f»reat chasm from 300 to 400 feet deep,
whose sides are formed of great bluff*
of red clay and rock and gypsum.
In the bottom of this flows Salt Creek.
It -well deserve? Its name, for Us waters
have a strong flavor of brine. It Is a
small stream In summer and In v.-lnter,
tut In the spring, when the floods coma,
it sweeps over the bottom of the canyon
and become? almost a river.
The Korrre It has formed gives abundant
evidence t>f It? past power. Hundreds of
years ago It found Its channel through
the valley and cut a iicep way for Itself
through the ltrd clay on the aurfuce. Its
progress downward was stayed by a ledgo
ef roc'; on which the clay had formed, but
thl.i, too, yielded to the wash of the wa
leva and then the stream found a yield
ing substanco almost ns soft as the clay,
Underneath the rocks was a great de
posit of gypsum, extending fcr miles.
Through this In flood after flood the wa
ters of tho Btrcam cut, until at length
they found a bed mere solid than that
above, on a crcat flocrway of rock.
If the waters could net po deeper, how
e\er. they coulil go sldewlse through the
gypsum, and this they did. Klooda that
came down In the years eddied against
the Fide walls and tore out new places
fur themselves. Gradually tha gypsum
was worn away until the creek had mada
tor Itself fantastic channels In darknesi
U.r outside Its bed.
cf stratge waters and of curious fanta
sies of nature led to the organization of
an expedition led by Dr. A. H. Van Vleet.
and its explorations Just reported to the
State authorities have given new inter
est to what was to be merely
another rralrie territory.
It was in the valley of Bait Creek that
Dr. Van Vleet found the phenomena that
interested him most. A few of those who
had rushed into the Territory when It
was opened have fcund their way to the
valley; and there are s.ime farms and
ranche* en what iS practically a broad
pls-ln.
Apparently the valley stretches unbro-
LnCFi a story . wonderland Is the
tale of caves \ >ld by members of
the Oklahoma Geological Survey,
which has penetrated into the wild
land* not lor.g delivered from the pway
ef the Indian tribes. Immen«« caverrs
extending beneath level valley lands, In
whose weird depths ero sheltered millions
of bats, are Emong the •wonders they have
recorded.
Hints of etrar.se things 10 be found in
tt» w««t«ra part of the row Territory
ha-r« corn* at times to thcte who have
fcoen tccualnted with thi> Indiana. But
the redmen were jealous guardians of
t their wiuW they helti them- and few
INNERMOST RECESSES
OF THE OKLAHOMA
BAT CAVES
WEIRD EXPERIENCE
OF A GEOLOGICAL
SURVEY PARTY
THE SUKDAY CALL.
18
They were fairly stifled by the on
slaught. Their torches were several times
extinguished and they had to grope their
way to the light, and «hiy feared to ven
ture Into the depths of the cavers lest they
ahould be left without means to guide
them back Into the stream.
Dr. Van Vleet was greatly impressed
by this spectacle'of millions of the wlnjr
rd ones setting: at defiance the efforts of
Ills party, and he made a study of the
ty»ts. He remained several nights in the
canyon to observe what they would do.
While daylight lasted \ there wert no
Bfens of life in the depths of the gorge.
It was only when one flared a torch
ngalnst the fantastic sides and roofs of
the eaves that there was any Indication
of the life that lay in the canyon.
But when the first signs of darkness
came, then the canyon showed Its peo
ple. With the shadows would come soli
tary bats winging out of the- caverns' like
scouts In the fore of an army. They
¦would wheel up among the rocks and
down again, weirdly circling-, as though
not yet certain of the course they would
take or of the Iieht to gu'.de them.
• As the shadows deepened others would
iln »hese <lrst few adventurers, and thet=^r=-llJZ destruction of the cable steamer
| Hooker or, Ccrregldor Is'.and. Manila
j[ Bay. was either a fulfillment of u
prophetic threat or an interesting co
!nci<ieiice.
When she was captured from the Span
tards; one of tr.e oncers, protesting in his
J.^'.Ive to:;gue iigainst the lo.<»s of his
beautiful ehip. raid: "Take her. but be
ware Of the vengeance of El Corregidor"
''he punishcr).
It was. of course, only a retributive Jus
*:<(¦ to which ha refcirpd, but It is not
the Je«s cuetr that a real corregidor
Ehot£d have torn her to bits In his rocky
feth.
• 'jfrffTidor Island fai'cd to etop some
fMps that paJHwd in the night, but it re
f^Vlurwl from the Americans one vessel
"R-hlclj Kpaln lest to them.
I was &n board of th<^ Hooker when she
wrecked on CorrrgMor.
£he had be^n originally the Spanish
steamer Panama. Captured early in the
v.ar, she was taken to JCetr York and
fitted fcr cable-laying.
The waterproof combination on th«? out
eHJ© of tb« submarine telegraph wires re
quires to be kept constantly under
W£.ier to prevent it from cracking after
it fs onc<? put in place.
To preserve the cable properly the
Eteamer was fitted with two Immense
tanks, one in the fore and one in the after
hold, each of which was big enough to
hold one hundred and ten miles of shore
cable. That amount of deep-sea cable
would not be a heavy load, as it Is made
much lighter, being far removed from the
destructive influences of surging waves,
tilting rocks and marine animals, to say
nothing of anchors of vessels, which arc
so destructive to the shore ends of all
marine cables.
When the cable was coiled into the ship,
the vast weight centered In the two spots
caused her to sag out of shape and begin
leaking.
She would have gone to the bottom had
they not braced her up internally with
beams and trusses.
We left Manila on August 11. to
work on the Hongkong cable, and* were
passing through a rather ticklish narrows
between Corregidor and Caballo Islands
In the mouth of Manila Bay, when the
haze began "to thicken and the steamer
was put under a'slow bell.
The eea was perfectly calm, so there
were no, waves or breakers to mark tha
rocks with their white suds. The threat
ened dancer caused us to take unusual
care on the lookout ahead as she forged
into the narrow channel.
Suddenly came that terrible cry, th«
most frightful of all known among tho
many terrors of the sea:
"Breakers ahead!"
Before a thing could be done we had
gone on the rocks with such force that
the vessel took a heavy list to star
board. Our tender, the former Spanish
gunboat Espana, came up and ran out a
hawser to help us back off. In trying to
tow us clear she fouled on the rocks her
self and received some damage.
That ended all chances for us.
A typhoon came up and struck the ship,
lying helpless and immovable. The storm
increased rapidly until the channel was
churned into seething foam and the sea
drove in roaring masses over the wreck,
which was trembling and groaning from
stern to stern.
The day after the storm decreased and
some of us went back on board, ventur
ing the hazardous trip for the purpose of
taking these photographs for souvenirs of
the vengeance of El : Corregidor on our
once beautiful ship. . . M. BRUST.
THE CURSE OF THE SPANIARDS SEEMED TO
FOLLOW THE CABLE STEAMER HOOKER.
go. His country shall be my coun
try. I know him so zvell and trust
him so fully, and — that is the whole
story.
.man as Adachi Kinnosuke, my
husband. Where he goes, I zuill
What the Br-W$ .rter-SSfP HaS to Say.
J HOPE that 'every girl may
J[ win so noble and good a gentle-
/T is natural for an American
mother to zvish her daughter
to marry an American gentle
man. Miss Thirza's family is 'a
distinguished one and it was with
great reluctance that my consent
was gained to her marriage to Mr.
Adachi, though I admire him
greatly and esteem him as a higJi
minded man, a scholar and a bril
liant author. Upon consultation
with my father, zvho advised that
the marriage be permitted if Thirza
really loved Mr. Adachi, I gave my
consent and was present at the cere-
What tte'.: B>Ws Motfw Thinks-
Great scholars vie !n doing honor to thU
young Japanese chap whose grip of Japa
nese folklore and modern literature and
tongues is a marvelous thing; but schol
ars do not Issu* marriage ictmses in Cali
fornia, else Adachl's pursuit of his lady
love might have ended much sooner than
It did.
Adachi can take the hearts of hia read
ers down with him Into the deeps and up
with him to the heights, thrilling the cold
est intellect with the fervor of great
thoughts fitly to!d— but they wouldn't let
him marry a Los Angeles girl in Los An
geles.
of a po«t. but * puny clerk of Los Angeles
County declared him lmcompetent to .mar
ry an American girl.
Adachi Klnnosuke is considered by cool,
keen critics one of the rising and prom
ising men of American letters. Sprung
The tale of the marriage, with its ante
cedent courtship, Its stormy path to the
altar, its promise of future sensational de
velopments, and the past history of each
party to the unique marriage, is one of
romantic interest.
Miss Epperson, that was, has the blood
of one of the great families of the South
In her veins. She {* beautiful, 20 years old
and a favorite of society.
seemingly Insurmountable obstacles had
to be brushed aside, one by one, before the
two hearts, one from the Orient and one
from the sunny south, were allowed to
beat as one. t
sion I undertake. The magazines
and the publishers are acquiescent in
the plan. The Japanese stories I
write are apparently ivelcomed in
these, quarters, and I am grateful,
because their publication brings
nearer the fulfillment of my ambi
tion — the hope of providing other
nations than Japan with a new
knozvlcdge of my country's career
and character. As for my mar
riage, that should not be discussed
before a million eyes. It is accom
plished and there is a great deal of
happiness in Los Angeles accord
ingly. My marriage will not inter
fere in the slightest with my plans
or hopes of a career. It is possible
that we shall go East soon. The
McClure publishing firm has want
ed me to write for them a work,
"America Seen Through Japanese
Eyes." To do so it will be neces
sary to travel extensively through
America. That would be a charm
ing bridal tow, perhaps. Do I
think the legality of my marriage
will be questioned in California?
Certainly not!
/T is preposterous, this notion
that the law of California
forbidding the wedding of
Mongolians and Caucasians should
be supposed to bar a Japanese from
such a marriage as mine. I am
confident no such intention was in
the minds of the California men
who made tlie lazu. The best au
thorities en ethnology do not include
the Japanese in the Mongolian di
vision. As for my marriage to
Miss Epperson that, it seems to me,
is little of any one's affair but hers,
her family's and mine. A man
does well to be humble in his honey
moon. Jt is fitting that he consider
himself most favored among gods
and men, but at the same time it is
hardly permitting justice to the
family of which I have the honor
to be a member to allow the notion
to obtain in the minds of such
Americans as have interested them
selves in cur vuirriage that a Jap
anese gentleman may not be worthy
of the hand of the best woman that
walks the earth in any land. It
pleased heaven to make the family
to which I belong one of the Sa
murai, or nobility of Japan. For
centuries its members have been
among the good and zvise and great
of my country. They have made
history recognize them. Their
country knows them. Fate has
taken me from them and brought
me to this land and has done many,
many other strange things with me.
And I cm not sorry for many rea
sons — my wife is one. Several
years ago, after graduating from
the Vandcrbilt University in Nash
ville, I came to Southern California
and decided upon letters as my life
work. I thought I saw the possi
bility of writing fiction, which often
tells a truer truth than history,
which slwuld give the English
speaking peoples of the world a
new impression and idea of Japan.
I have begun that task. It has been
approved by the heavenly powers
apparently, for friends have been
raised up among the literary men
and ,women of the country zvho
have seat fit to encourage the mis-
That sounded very well, but when offi
cials hnvc the upper hand, logic is some
times wasted on them. It was <& in this
case. No license was forthcoming.
Then what to do? Miss Epperson was
~ery nearly prostrated with the excite
ment and the fatigue of the affair. And
Adachi. comparatively Ignorant of Ameri
can legal technicalities and political ma
chinery, a scholar and not a practical
fellcw— what w«3 there for him to do?
A great deal. Right there he showed the
stuff that is in him. He proved that brave
heart deserves and usually will win fair
lady. Ho developed a plan that was in
the nature of a campaign against those
"I gucs,s not." quoth the Oriental plead
er. "You might persuade a man who was
perishing of thirst on a desert to bring
suit to test his right to drink, but you
can't persuade me to do so." .
Jf you will bring a suit to' test the
case." «sald the conservative attorney,
"and it fs decided in your favor, all will
be well." . '
"J^i be quickly withdrawn at the tidings
of Adachi's plight in the County Clerk's
. office.
For If this suitor for her daughter".*
hand, despite his fine breeding and schol
arly attainments and nis name in Ameri
can letters was deemed by a.public offi
cial In authority Incompetent to marry
the girl, what else misht follow?
Imagine, it you piease, the feelings of
Adacni and his maiden fair, with ,this
prospect ahead of them. .
The District Attorney of Los IVngeles
County was consulted bv the framic Jap
anese lover. The clerk agreed to issue the
license so ardently craved, if the attorney
chojlld so advise. But the attorney hesi
tated. Then Adachi poured In broadside
after broadside of argument to prove that
the most expert ethnologists do not regard
tho Japanese as Mongolians. All the dic
tionaries and encyclopedias had to say on
the subject was at Adachi's tongue's end
and Attorney Rives got the benefit of It.
But still he was obdurate.
who would bar a Japanese gentleman
from his true love just because tneir heart
tirst beat under thru rent tluga.
li California law forbade rus marriage
to one of ita daughters, why, there ara
other States than California, and other
lands, even, than the I'nited States.
But a short hundred miles from Los An
geles is the bonier line beiween California
and Mexico. The law-makers of old Mexi
co never cared to impose any restrictions
on the marital propensities of their peopla
tor th*> foreigner v.ithin their gates.
'So—
••We will go to Mexico, at once.' cried
Adachi, "take v/ith uj a Justice of the
Peace from San Diego and be married at
Otai. just across the border!''
The plan looked good. It savored of
romance, ann TnlXU Epperson was not
aveisc to a bit of genuine romance.
"It seems exactly like a slory, doesn't
it. Adachi?" she said with a little wriggle
of excitement.
"More beautiful than the old romances
of knights and ladies." quoth he. with a
glow that showed even through the bronza
cf him.
"But it's so unconventional and uncer
tain." she demurred.
"Nothing is uncertain when we love and
will." he blazed en. He is a poet, you
know, and It is *aid that they always
make love very nicely. They have a way
of winning out.
The maiden's mother didn't know, hesi
tated, was lost.
Adachi was in transports of delight. At
that sta«:e he took Oeneral H. G. Otis.
editor of the Los Angeles Times, Into hia
conndence. It may De said, en passant,
that Adachi's tirst stories were given to
General Otis' paper two years ago. Now
Adachi is literary editor of the Times an.l
a favorite protege of the military editor.
He did not think about the romance—ro
mances are not particularly in hia line
but the savor of scrimmage In the affnlr
took his fancy mightily. He twinkled two
thlny eyes under hia big eyebrows ami
he braced himself aa if he were going to
meet Filipinos.
"Let's get ahead of them." he chuckled.
General Otis has abundant resources of
various sorts. His attorney. ex-Unlteil
States Senator Stephen M. White, was at
the service of the young people in tha
matter. The legality of their moves wad
approved by this eminent counsel and by
Oeneral Otis himself.
Then off for Mexico.
But again there rose In the path of true
love more forbidding rocks.
The Justice of the Peace In San Diego
couldn't see his way clear to crossing the
line with these young people and tyinff
an American marriage knot on Mexican
soil. He v.as like the County Clerk and
District Attornej- of Loa Angeles. Noth
ing In the way of handsome arguments
could convince him that the right thing
for him to do was to hie him across tha
border, marry these impatient youngsters
and take his fat fee.
He had always pigeonholed Chinese and
Japanese together.
He was not able to see that Adachi wai
a gentleman and a scholar. To him al
mond eyes, straight hair, high cheekbone*
and dark face told one prosaic fact:
"Jap."
Again there was trouble. While it la
not of record, one can fancy that Adachi
hr?athed a few high-class Japanese- ex
pletl\-es at this legal canaille In San L)itg'>
¦who.-e obstinacy was balking the game.
Once again he must devise a plan to
quiet and soothe mamma, her daughter
and push this search for a marriage li
cense and a priest to a swift conclusion.
Ariachl. it will be conceded, was certainly
treading on very thin ice at this particu
lar juncture. In his storie9 of Japanese
knlghts who won their ladies at the point
of the sword, or may be in the field of
some fiercely fought battle, he had man
aged, many a time and oft. to extricate a
hero, sound on every part of his anatomy,
and bearing the maiden of his heart in
safety to the ancestral halls.
But he had never imagined a campaign
where a Japanese knight would have to
Joust with an American State law, strug
gle with pigheaded officials and cajole a
hysterical mother — all in order that the
"light of his eyes,", the object of his de
votion, might become his lawful and lov
ing spoil. /•<-
The Mexican project was given up.
Acachi cast one last longing look at the
soil of Mexico and then began anew his
hunt for a complaisant functionary and a
tolerant priest.
The wires were made to burn with mes
sages from him- to the Governor of tho
State and to nls lieutenant, and also to
the Governors of other States. The tele
phone bell rang vigorously at Adachi's be
hest, and communication was established
with functionaries throughout almost tho
entire West.
Then came success.
It came In en Insignificant, unpreten
tious way. There was not a solitary par
ticle of romance at the end. No foreisn
state nor foreign law was invoked to help
Adachi Klnnosuke wed the American girl
from Los Angeles. In a very simple man
ner the news come to the parties en mat
rimony bent that the County Clerk of San
Bernardino Courty would grant Adachi a
license. Somebody. In a fit of desperation,
had included this County Clerk in the list
of those queried for information respect
ing their opinion about a Japanese stu
dent's marrying a white American society
girl.
This County Clerk was willing.
Oh. Joyful tidings and news of very
great import to two fond hearts.
The trains of Southern California
whirled the young people to Riverside: tha
precious license was obtained without a
struggle. Rev. A. C Williams, one of tha
¦ most prominent . Methodist ministers ot
California, now resident in Riverside.
' united Adachi Klnnosuke and Thlrza May
Epperson In the bonds of holy matrimony.
And so they were married and "lived
happy ever after." which last, of course,
remains to be seen.
University, and descendant from a Japan
ese family of noble rank, had flung defi
ance in tne teeth of the State law of Cali
fornia. A Japanese' nas married one of
lue siate's lu.i-tis.. uaugiiters. 'xhirzu -vlay
Epperson.
Los A.geles has yielded up a beautiful
m.tjuen u^ni its most street social circles,
and Adachi has ia;>.en her to wife. Tile
union ua*. not ma-Aa without Uiitlcully.
As of yure, the i>ath of true love was
found tu li« nili <,t hnvutders A. score, ui
An Educated Little Brown Mae From the Laed of
the Tllkado Defaes the State Law ProhSlbStimig •
Marriages of Whites aod MoegoMaos,
Jkre Japanese Mongolians?
from a Samurlan family of Japan, his
lather a ncbitmun in the land of the
lotiiS, Adncni has parsed thi ought the
couises 01 the University of Tokio. is a
Ki aiiu.iu: of me v-anueroilt University .of
America', ana now than a iartie section of
literal y K«w \ork at his tect. His Jap
anese stories are eagerly sought for by t.ie
magazine barons, bpecimen stories from
his» ;'ni have utiieuitd in all of the hign
ciat-a Knsiern magazines Within the puat
two ytars.
In ihe same fashion that Frank Norris
ai;u -uck i^ondon and iJooth Tarklngton
a:e bound by golden cnains to the Mc-
Ciure printing presses. Auacnl Klnnosuke
v, aa taken and ia kept. The McClures
lm\e just published a complete book of
his stones under the title of "Iroka: or,
'iales of Japan.".
AOachi is "a— Japanese scholar and an
English litterateur, but the biggest part
or the population of California would cail
him a Mongolian— and when he came to
marry a California white girl of good
family the law said '"No!" Said it em
phatically, too.
Adachi is handsome as a young god,
with features rtnely chiseled, eyes that
pleam with the light of superb . intelli
gence, and In -whose depths glint the soul
"When Adachi Klnnosuke came to love
with all the power and passion of an an
glicized Oriental this Miss Thlrza Epper
bon and when he gained the maid's and
her uother's consent to the marriage, he
came face to face with the State law of
California, forbidding the union of xon
golians and Caucasians. *
Adaehl bum.Jtct against that statute
when, his heart beating high with the ec
stasy that oiiiy luvtrs t.n wieir way to tiit-
Oounty Clerk's office know, he was told
by the Clerk:
"We cannot issue you a license, sir."
"And why not":" asked the amaztu Jap
ane?**» ppntlpman.
"The law forbids."
"J<ut what <uv»" *
"The State law savs no Mongolian shall
marry a Caucasian."
"Cut that is intended for Chinese." cried
Adachi. "I am not a Chinese; I am not a
Mongolian. You are evidently mistaking
me for a man of another nationality than
the Japanese."
But Lfie county Clerk of I.os Angeles
was obdurate. In a gentlemanly sort of
way. of course. He was sorry, but
What could be done? Over on the west
ern heights of I-os Angeles City, in a lux
uriously furnished home, waited the
girl who expected . to be soon the wife
of the Japanese youngster. Consent to
the marriage had been given, grudgingly,
by the proud mother, heir to a name re
vered in American history. It had been
a task— oh, a v?ry weary task — vo have
the mother of Thirza May Epperson say
"Yes" to Adachl's suit for tho hand of
her daughter.
And that consent so hardly won
Romantic Wedding of a Los Angeles Society Girl and a Japanese
19
THE SUNDAY CALL.
¦ — ;— 1171 rtr -I'. *t&*ty '"'.V. rZ I/ir An£*!r»
ST£ Jo a Ui::.' ¦ i. . f iaj£. ¦ th« to^s-uea
j, Pi -••• :.¦:.;¦•> art all u-*.va£. and
¦ • .- are r^lifr.? down books long
Lmuocd from :h«:lr shelves. All of South-
era CanxornmvM in a "whirr- because Ada
ch! JClnjiosuke has taken 'a society girl
tu wife.
Weddings are common enough, but this
is an uncommon wedding, filled with ro-
mance and flensatJon. A Japanese novel
ist, a litterateur of distinction, contrib
utor to the big New York magazines, a
protege of the great publishing house of
the McClures, graduate of the Vanderbllt
WHAT ADACH KINNOSUKE HAS TO
SAY ABOUT HIS MARRIAGE¦ . . ¦ .,-¦¦¦-
THE SUXDAY CALL.
20TIENTSIN. Aug. 30. via Shanghai.
Sept. 7.— United States Minister Conger i3
said to insist that Earl Li Hung Chang
shall be allowed to proceed to Peking for
a- conference.
Orders have been received from "Wash
ington that 5000 American troops shall bo
divided between- Peking, Tientsin and
Taku for the winter. _
INSISTS THAT LI
PROCEED TO PEKING
would appear that Japan Is preparing to
mobilize- a ntlll larger army for her ware
in-Asia. For a week past every mail from
the west has, brought letters from the
Japanese Government to Y. Takisha in
charge of Japanese laborers on the Ore
gon Short Line, instructing him to return
certain of his men for service in the army
and under these orders a number of men
have left for Japan. It appears that the
demand has suddenly become urgent for
yesterday - live cablegrams were rece'lvpil
by Takisha, all dated Yokohama, Septem
ber 6, and two more to-day, bearing to
day's date, all relative to the quick return
of men. 'There are about 1300 Japanese
In- the service of the Oregon Short Line
and while Mr. Takisha is not prepared to
say how many will be drafted by his Gov
ernment he anticipates a heavy reduction
on this account. •
SERIOUS CONDITIONS
CONFRONT CANTON
Sptelal Cable to The Call and New Tork'Her
/Md. \ Copyright, 19W, by the Herald Pub
lishing Company^
HONGKONG.. Sept. 8.— The - depression
of trade in Canton is serious. In five days
only, two steamers have. called for Shang
hai. The normal number;Is' five" daily.
More' than 60,000 unemployed ,wlir soon be
reduced to*a - state of 'starvation. A mag
istrate," ' realizing the . danger, . has . dis-'
cussed the- ,» situation .with the
andiurged the. restraining .of i Interference
with foreigners. • The magistrate has en-
his force* for withdrawal from Peking.
Further than that, the War Department
has taken steps to have at Taku a suf
ficient number of United States trans
ports to remove these troops to the Phil
ippines as soon as they reach the port.
These orders are preparatory, and do
not necessarily indicate that our Govern
ment has decided finally upon an, im
mediate withdrawal from China, It. is
simply placing itself in a position to car
ry out the pledge conveyed in the reply
to the Russian note in this language:
•The result of these considerations Is
that, unless there Is such a general ex
pression by the powers in favor of con
tinued occupation as to modify the views
expressed by the Government of Russia,
and lead to a general agreement for con
tinued occupation, we shall give instruc
tions to tho American officers in China to
withdraw our troops from Peking after
due conference with the other: command
ers as to the time and manner of with
drawal."
\ Special Commissioner Rockhill has left
Shanghai for Poking.. A. report by cable
from him dated yesterday, indicated that
he had begun the discharge of his duties
as a special observer of the present Chi
nese disturbances. . Reports also were: re
ceived to-day from* Consul General ¦ Good
now at Shanghai and Consul - Fowler i at
Chefu, both dealing ; with the conditions
of the missionaries. ., . _, > ; ,. - .
gaged 300 of the unemployed as ! soldiers,
v The Chinese arc warning foreigners to
clear out - of . Hongkong. I The destruction
of mission property i in i K wangtung : is
enormous... At Berlin mission the damage
Is. more, than 570,000.",. -¦ •¦ -, ¦ , •; ,".
stories about. the. allies at
Peking. are being > circulated' by the"-Chl
nese.\ ., - ...-¦.-.:¦ •-.-'-" ...'.' •* -• • ¦.-'
JAPAN RECALLING :: r
' SALT LAKE,; Sept 8.— A :.special to ; the
Tribune '.; from 7 Pocatello,- ':ldaho, v say's:
From £ information - : -'- originating : ; hero * it
with the May Flint years ago when she
was a steamer, and she never steared
right then."
Peter Claussen, one of the crew who
leaped overboard, said:
• "I realized that the odds were against
the lumber bark holding up 'when our
boat went down, and I made up my mind
that the best thing I could do was to
Jump. 'I didn't even stop to take off my
shoes. I swam about In the water for fully
five minutes before being picked up by a
rowboat. I don't think I could have held
out much longer."
Struck by a Spar.
. George Knoth was struck by a falling
spar and thrown into the water. Although
bruised and stunned from the blow he
managed to keep afloat until rescued by
a launch.
Second Mate Parker also Jumped over
board and -swam quite a distance before
being picked up. ;"
' Many of the crew went to the Sailors'
Home, at the corner of Main and Harrison
streets, after being taken ashore.
. The news of the accident spread rapidly
and many Inouiries were made at the
Sailors' Home and other plares for partic
ulars. It was at first reported that sev
eral lives had been lost, but so far as
could be learned at a late hour last night
all had been accounted tor. .,-. ;"¦,..
_The Vidette was In charge of Captain
EK>dd and carried lumber for Bixbee &
vrldrK*
The May Flint was owned and managed
by William Mighell. - The ship was an
iron, four-masted vessel. 3577 registered
tonnage. She was formerly the Persian
Monarch, and -was built by M. Millan &
Sons at Dumbarton in 1SS0. She was re
built in 1S35, was 351 feet long, 42 feet wide
and 16 feet deep. Her home port was San
Francisco. ¦• .
«mb HERE was a tragic feature of i
r R S5 last night's brilliant naval
pi demonstration not down on
g* the programme. Under the
glare of half a dozen power
ful searchlights and within full view of
hundreds of people the ship May Flint was
suddenly sent to the bottom of the bay
a? a result of a collision with the battle
ship Iowa, the crew escaping death as by.
a miracle. Four sailors leaped overboard
and were picked up by rowboats, while
the others were taken off the bark Vi
dette. onto which tbe men jumped as the
two vessels camp together, when the May
i-wung round after getting clear of the
Iowa. The May Flint was without a pilot
and was coming into port under full sail
when, owing to a light wind, she became
unmanageable and drifted across tbe bow
of the Iowa. The collision tore a bad hole
in the May Flint's side and she turned
turtle and sank five minutes later.
The May Flint was commanded by Cap
tain Woodside, and in addition to her of
livers, carried a crew of sixteen pallors,
,l carpenter and two Chinese cooks. The
names of the last three were not obtain
able last night. The others were: Cap
t;i j ni Woodside; first mate, '¦
Knight; second mate. Parker: sea
men. O. Christensen, Alex LInd, George
UoUer, Jamps Bullimore. John Hubert,
Lf*ny We«oott, fitgvert Olsen, D. Rose,
Edward O'Connell. Michael King. Ed
ward Walton, P. Claussen. Robert
Schroder. George Knoth, James Carton,
John F. Hubert, y; :
The May Flint left Seattle last Sunday
bound for this port. She had aboard 5000
tons of coal consigned to P. B. Cornwall.
The ship had a smooth voyage and was
in good working order when she entered
the bay. JO'
Captain Woodside evidently expected
dette remained afloat, and kneeling, the
crews of both vessels offered up silent
prayers of thanks. Captain Woodside and
his men were finally taken aboard a
launch and landed at the Brannan-street
wharf. i
W. H. Wescott, one of the ill-fated
ship's crew, tells a thrilling story of the
disaster. '
The Ship Goes Down.
"We were going along nicely." he said,
"'^ntil we gof'a-short distance ahead of
the Iowa. Here' the wind went back' on
us and as we had, na pilot it was a case
of waiting for the wind or to hail a pass
ing- tug. ¦ . *s • ¦' . . ' ,
"Then the tide began to carry u-> back
onto . the ¦ Iowa. . We struck her bow.
drifted away: almost immediately and
,went straight ; into ¦ the Vidette^ We had
no sooner collided with the bark than the
cry went up that our ship had sprung a
leak. ' ¦•-;•¦"•- ' '
"The horror of those next few moments
cannot ; be described.. 'It wasn't' the fear
of .being "drowned that overcame me so
much "as it was'the expectancy of belns
maimed by a falling block or' spar from
the rigging. One of the -men was struck
by a spar and hurled jnto the water, "He
was rescued by a ;rowboat.
j'l had about "given 'up, all- hope/ for it
seemed to me that even if we managed to
get aboard the Vidette she would be car
ried down with our ship.- -Every one
shouted ,for the boats, -but -there wasn't
time to lower them.' Those who did' not
Jump gotsafely aboard' the bark, and so
far, as I know all'the crew, have'been'ac
counted for. . \ Ta5J» '"..-. _ '. ¦• ¦ •
"I am not one of , the superstitious kind,
but I will say that on more than one occa
sion I have had a presentiment 'that the
old ship ¦ would - go -down ' some rday, ¦ and
now. my fears -have been realized. ¦ I was
But the ship was fated and almost be
fore the crew fully realized the danger
that was imminent she had drifted across
the Iowa's bow. Although the crash was
a severe one it was not thought to have
seriously damaged tha big collier. She
was finally got clear -of the , battleship
The swell from a passing steamer
started her to rocking and she became un
manageable. Two of the crew, Michael
King and William Moore, were at tho
helm, but although they exerted them
selves to the utmo3t to avert threatened
disaster it was no use. The ship was at
tho mercy of the tide. The captain and
his crew realized that nothing short of
a miracle could prevent a collision
with one of the numerous vessels in the
vicinity and yet, although the tide was
air the while carrying the doomed ship
down toward the Iowa, the lingering hope
that a fresh breeze would catch'the sails
and bring her once more under control
kept Captain Woodside from calling for
assistance. v ;
There were a number of other Illumi
nated boats in the vicinity, and now and
then one of them would throw Its blind-
Ing searchlight upon the battleship and
sailing vessel! The May Flint had gone
but a short distance ahead of the Iowa,
when tho wind that had been carrying
her so nicely died into a light breeze and
tleshlp became almost stationary.
that the owners would send a tug to pilot
her in,- but as none appeared he decided
to try and enter unassisted. There was a
fair breeze, which carried her along nicely
for some little distance.
At a point opposite the Brannan-street
wharf the ship sailed in front of the bat
tleship Iowa, which was lying £t anchor,
gorgeously decorated ior the naval pa
rade. ' ; .'¦
.There was a fearful displacement of
water as the ship went under, but the VI-
During the brief interval that the ves
sels lay side by side the May Flint's crew
leaped aboard the bark, but when safely
on her deck the situation was almost as
perilous as It was on the dpomed ship, for
there was but one chance *in ten that the
May Flint would not carry the bark down
with her. With the 5000 tons of coal and
probably an equal weight of water in her
hold there was. a suction that it seemed
must carry everything in the vicinity
down with her. '>>¦¦¦.
After the vessel had swung broadside
onto the lumber hark she drifted around
the Vidette's bew and went down.
But to launch the boats 'would have
meant death for those who might have
undertaken- the task. There was no time
for that. The ship was sinking like a
piece of lead. The roar of the water as
it Rushed into the ship's hold, the falling
of ths ship's spa«*» and rigging onto the
deck and Into the water, together with
the wild shrieks for help from the frantic
seamen, made a scene not soon to be for
gotten by those who witnessed it.
Meant Certain Death.
"To the boats!" roared the captain In
a voice that-was heard above the fright
ened cries for help from the sailors. ¦
It was at this thrilling moment that the
extreme test of nerve and presence of
mind came to the sturdy sailors.
only to drift still further astern and cql
llde with the bark Vidette. loaded with
lumber.
Then It was that the May Flint's crew
realized that their vessel must go down.
It seems- the Iowa's bow. had worked
havoc with the ship's hull, ripping a hole
sufficiently largo to cause her to fill rap-
Idly.
<3-rea,t Collier IDrifts "Upon tlie Io"wa/s Ttsucn and
Plunges to ttL© Bottom of tlie DBeiy--A.ll
Hands Are Saved.
SHIPS AT
HERCY OF
HURRICANE
Several Vessels Wrecked
Off the Coast of
Florida.
BARK SOUTH AMERICAN
IS DRIVEN ON A REEF
Beports of Various Disasters Daring
tha Recent Storm, and It Is Prob
able That Many Seamen
Have Perished. £ !
MIAMI, Fin.. Sept. 8. — The ateel
bark Sonth American of Liver
pool, laden with mahotrany, and
bound from Santa Ana, Mexico,
to Falmonth, Ensland, In a total
wreck on French Href, Florida,
forty-three mile* Month of Sllaml.
The eaptaln and ereir, less three
men left on the wreck, nrrlved her»
this morning and are being cared
for by the cnxtomx officials. The,
hurricane »trnck the Sonth Ameri
can Tnridnr, when oft Careynport
light, at 9 p. m., and at 2:"O a. m. of
the 5th innt.. the bark, with all her
ennvn* blown away and annianntjr
able, wan hnrled npon the reef*.
The vf»«rl will prove a total loss,
bat her enrsro niny be "invert. *
Captain Schjonemann of the South
American report* that on his nay
to Miami he paaaed the following
Htranded -vemtelat
The (onr-maited nchooner Jame*
Dndgre of Philadelphia* in ballast*
lnalde tbe reef* and afloat.
A »fi<ifl frith only the «tnmp* of
her maul* showing; nnme and na
tionality nnknonn; crew preanm
ably lost.
•A Norwegian bark with no one on
board and the bnrkentlne Coldoon,
laden -with lumber, previously re
ported.
There Is another vessel on the
reefs and a steamer reported ashore
north of this place.
HOUSTON, Texas. Sept. 8.— A hurri
cane accompanied by a heavy rain
has been blowing along the Texas
coast and fcr a hundred miles in
land to-day. Galveston is shut off
entirely. The last report from Galveston
stated that the guif waters were en
croaching rapidly on the beach and that
the flood had extended into the* residence
portion of the city for several blocks. The
waves were very high and boisterous in
the bay, and considerable damago was
being done to email craft, though thesis
boats were not then In any danger. Th«
rain had been very heavy all day, and
traffic wa3 entirely suspended. There haa
been no casualties, and but little damage
except along the water front. The South
ern Pacific wharves under construction
had been damaged to the extent of $23,000.
Inland there has been much damage to
the cotton crop, the lint being blown and
beaten from the open boll3, and the. ric»
crop has suffered severely, as It was
nearly ready for harvesting.
At midnight the wind 13 blowing sixty
miles an hour and great damage is be
ing done to business houses and residences
throughout the city. The Associated Pres3
wire Is the only one that Is working, all
other telegraph and " telephone business
being shut off. The electric light plant
has been closed down, as the wires be
came crossed with the telephone wires
and several persons were shocked, though
none was seriously hurt. Several great
brick and Iron stacks have been blown
over and tin roofs are aa numerous on the
ground as on the houses. The streets are
utterly deserted. So far there have been
no casualties.
The storm haa spread to the Interior and
there Is great anxiety in this city. Per
sons are offering extraordinary sums to
the telegraph companies to get messages
through to Galveston and other points,
Obut nothing can be done for them. Up to
midnight telegraph nothing had been
heard from Galveston.
| NEW ORLEANS. Sept. 8.— A erpecial
' from Houston. Texas, says:
There is an unconfirmed rumor that the
hurricane played havoc with the town of
Rockport. on the lower coast, and that
the great clubhouse built by E. H. R.
Green near there has been blown away,
with loss of life.
The damage done about New Orleans by
the storm was "trifling. Dr. O. H. Buf
ford and Sergeant Quinn of the United
States military forces, who were reported
drowned, turned up safe and sound at
Fort St. Philip to-day. The greatest
damagf) done by the storm has been to
the cane crops.
LOWER PORTION OF
GALVESTON IS FLOODED
SAN ANTONIO, Tex.. Sept. S.— Possibly
the last dispatch out of the flooded city
of Galveston was received in San An
tonio to-night by Jerry Girard, announc
ing the death of his brother by drowning.
The message left Galveston at 8:13 p. xz.
The entire lower portion of Galveston to»
then flooded and the people wero huddled
on higher ground in the pouring rain for
safety.
NEW ORLEANS, Sept. 8.— A special
from Dallas, Tex., says: All Texas Is In
the keenest state of doubt and uncertainty
to-night concerning the fate of Galveston
island and city. It Is said that the bridges
leading from the inland to the island have
been swept away by the terrible force of
the wind and the rolling up of the water
In the bay. The bridges are four In num
ber, three for railroad uses and one the
"Galvcston County public wagon and pedea
trian bridge. It seems hardly creditable
that all these bridges could be swept away
without the city suffering tremendously.
Epedal Cable to The Call «aS N«ir York Her
ald. CcryrlRfc*. 1*00, by tb» Herald Pub
llshicr C'omrasy.
BTTRTTN', Sept. 8. — I have had a
conversation with, a highly
placed personage of the For
eign Office. He declared that all re-
ports of compromise on the- part of
Germany were false. Germany has
already definitely refused the- Russian
proposals and has informed all the
powers of the text of the note doing
so. It is expected here that Russia,
the United States and France will
evacuate Peking and that America
will be forced to place its gjeat inter
ests in Peking under German protec-
ticn.
Washington political circles have
been unpleasantly impressed by the
indiscreet and sometimes false press
notices. Germany uill not publish
her answer to the powers, desiring to
avoid giving the impression that she
is taking action at the head of ths
powers in opposition to Russia.
It is worthy of remark that the
Wolff bureau has already published
three different versions of the Em
peror's speech at Stettin- In the last
edition the -words "I am convinced
that ay plan will succeed," have been
stricken out. Such is the censorship
cf the imperial speeches.
Cf.1 I BUREAU. "VTEULnCGTON
HOTEU WASHINGTON, Sept 8.—
Tfccre Is excellent reason to believe
tt-.r.t th© Emperor and Em
pv.fs Dowager are •willing:
to rpfjrn to PeMnff If jrnaran
'.ped prrF-nal protection and assured that
their empire Trill not be partitioned- An
Important advance In the work of restor
ing- peace In China -will be made should
the lrr.p r riai family return to their capi
tal. Before this can occur, however, Eev
«>ral preliminary stages xmist be passed.
These include:
L Restoration of complete harmony
emor.g the powers.
2. Modification of Rasela-'s proposal to
entirely withdraw from Peking and of
Gerir.ar.y's announcement of her purpose
to remain.
3. Preparation of a plan wWch will ap
peal to the povrers, or at least a larye
majority of them, contemplating the with
drawal of troops in Peking with the ex
ception of an International forc« suffl
cier.tly strong to guard the foreign letra
fc!one. which are to remain in the capital
lor the purpose of conducting peace nego
tiatlor.s Trtth the commissioners to be ap
pointed by the Imperial Government.
Difficult as would appear the accom
plishment of these three alms, the Presi
£«:t does not despair of success. It Is
Ecknowledg-ed by officials and diplomats
alike that the critical stag© of the Chl
rese trouble Is now at hand.
Russia has not Indicated any Intention
to modify her announced purpose- to re
tire from Peking?, and Germany, with Von
¦Waldcrsee hastening on the ocean to
China, does not relish the Idea of evacu
ation. But looking into the future and
seeing- the possibility of friction between
the powers, the increase of starvation
among the people residing between Taku
and Peking, and with such Increase a
renewal of the attacks by Chinese upon
the foreign troops and finally of extensive
operations by the allies when Von Walder
pee arrive*, the President is anxious to
trivs about as prompt a settlement of th*>
trouble as events will permit.
Purh promptness will probably not ac
cord with Germany's policy, but Russia's
evident fear of German territorial ag
grandizement In Northern China has
plared the St. Petersburg Government on
th<* Fide of those nations desirous of pre
serving the territorial integrity of the em
pire. With the United States. Great Brit
ain. Russia. Frcnce and Japan a unit for
:n rariy termination of the difficulty an']
supporting a plan which will not Injuri
ously affect German Interests, the belief
prevail* here that within a croiparatlvely
F hnrt time a satisfactory conclusion can
b" rP3"h r -(].
Thfro> ia hardly an official or diplomat in
Washington who does not believe that th<
trot:!,!. <;»n be ended much more quickly
v.ith tin i oval family in Peking. The in
formr.tion. therefore, that the Emperor
end I'mprrss Downprr are williner to re
turn is extreme!? gratifying-. Hnrmnp
r.rnong th«» powers, upon which fo much
stress Is laid, and fo much actually de
pends to r<\ieh a mutually satisfactory
rolution. is more easily obtainable at thi«
rrnment than would be possible after the
arrival of Von Walderree or even after
the withdrawal of lh<* Russian and
French troops to Tientsin and the diviwon
of the allies into two camps. Such divi-
Fion would m«an that the two groups of
rMirr.s wouM proceed to obtain B.itisfac
tion in aornrii.ir.ee with their own partic
ular j>ollci«'!« and by F-uch method as each
might <!eem expedient. The President is
therefore striving to harmonize the con
flicting views of the powers, and the pl»n
•which appeals to the common sense of the
diplomat? here contemplates the with
drr.wal of a majority of the allies to a
point outride the walls of Peking, the re
mainder - of the international force to re
nr.in as a guard to the legations, whicl)
ere to be charged wlllt the work of con
("iKifnfr nr"iri» np~nlfatlnns
AMERICAN FORCES
PREPARE TO WITHDRAW
WASHINGTON, Sept. 8.-Orders have
been cabled to General Chaff ee to prepare
Unless Some Understanding Is
Beached Before Von Waldersee
Lands in China There
Will Be Trouble.
AMERICA STRIVING
TO SECURE HARMONY
Germany Notifies the Pow-
> f ers She Will Not Retire
From Peking.
RUSSIAN
PROPOSALS
REFUSED
SHIP MAY FLINT GOES DOWN AMID
GAILY LIGHTED CRAFT ON PARADE
Pages 21 to 30
Pages 21 to 30
PRICE FIVE CENTS.'
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 9, 1900-FORTY PAGES.
VOLUME LXXXVIII— ]NQ. 101.
SAILORS LEAP- FOR LIFE FROM THE SINKING COLLIER INTO THE WATER '-'' AND UPON THE- LUMBER - LADEN - BARK
'•; VIDETTE, WHILE SMALL BOATS AND EXCURSION CRAFT HASTEN '; TO tTHE- RESCUE. '
The San Francisco Call.Cotton Mills Closed.
MANCHESTER, .Sept. 8.— Thirty Lan
cashire cotton mills have already closed.
Many , more mills. are expected to close
next week. The opinion of leading spin
nera is that the normal conditions of
trade will . not - return until November
when the.new crop comes In. The Idle
operatives will have to be maintained out
of the union'8 funds.
ABLE TO TELEPHONE
WITHOUT USE OF WIRES
Bir Eenry Preec*, Engineer to the
British Postoffice, Makes an In
teresting Announcement.
BRADFORD, Tin*.. Fk-pt. S— At to-day's
pension of the physica: science !*ertion of
the British Association for the Advance
merit of Bdenw. now In annual session
here. Sir William Henry Prec-ce. consult
ing «rii*rir.ef>r to the British postofflce
m?.<3e the Int*reetir-S iinnouncement that
as .-. result of his with wire
less t'-U-sranhy ho had found It quite pos
sible to convey audible speeches eix to
*>1jrht mflea amis ih<» p*»a without wires
He added that it was a jiractical commer
cial tystcaa «m! might be extended to
corr.uuinioate between fcliips and between
bhlps f nd the there.
DENVER, Sept. $.— A special to the
News from Clayton, N. M.. says: Tom
Ketchum, better known as "Rlack Jack,"
the leader of a pang of outlaws that ter
rorized the Southwest for several years,
was to-day convicted of train robbery, the
penalty for which in New Mexico is death. |
Train Robber Convicted.
GLASGOW, Sept. S.-An official bulletin
tesued to-day says two additional bubonic j
plague cases have been admitted to the
hospital and that nirw? additional persons
have been placed under observation.
Additional Plague Cases.
The German bark. Kiandra. Captain
Bunje. from Philadelphia for Stockholm,
before reported ashcreon the east coast of
the island of Oeland, after having partly
discharged was floated and towed to
KarlsUrona. Sweden. She is not leaking.
LONDON, Sept. 8.— The missing mem
bers of the crew of the wrecked British
steamer Indra, which went ashore be!ow
the Gulf of Aden. August 24. while bound
from Sourabaya for Delaware Break
water, have been found to have landed on
the Arabian coast near Makulla.
Land on Arabian Coast.
Shipwrecked Sailors of British Ship
DISASTERS AT SEA.
Meanwhile the people of Argentina be
gan to fear that the Chileans would not
accept the decision about th"e Chilo-Ar
gentlna frontier limit question, which had
been submitted to the arbitration c'
Queen Victoria, and as if to support an*
justify their fears it is reported that the
Chilean Government has trespassed upon
the absolute rights of the arbitrator in
Imposing the obligation of limiting the
award to such and such points.
No wonder, then, that amid thla mess
of conflicts the governments axe making
preparations for war. While Chile has
sent to Germany, her favorite general,
Korner, to buy guns and cannons. Peru
The question of the final ownership of
Tacna' and Arica has thus remained un
settled and Chile still occupies the prov
inces, with the deliberate intention.accord
ing to many Chilean papers and political
speakers, of keeping them forever. Still,
many Chileans admit that the "Chilean
lzation" of the two provinces has pro
duced no effect and that they are as
strongly attached to their mother country
as on the day when they were taken from
her. and that the two provinces are eager
ly waiting for the day when they will be
freed from Chilean domination. Peru
makes an appeal to arbitration in order
to settle peacefully the question of. the
final ow/iership of these provinces. And
here comes the point where the United
States and the Argentine Republic are
dragged into the dispute.
The United States Government, having
invited all the Spanish-American coun
tries to participate In the- second pan-
American congress to be held at Mexico
in October, 1&01, must have been surprised
to receive from the Chilean Oovernment
a conditional acceptance. Chile, being
aware that the congress was to proclaim
arbitration aa the only method to settle
International differences on this conti
nent, answered that' it would send repre
sentatives to the congress only., on con
dition that arbitration should apply ex
clusively to future disputes. The accept
ance of such a 'condition, it is pointed
out, would leave Chile free to act as she
pleased with reference to the annexation
of Tacna and Arica.
VALPARAISO, Chile, Aug. 1.— A three-
Sided conflict is in prospect on account of
the Tacna-Arlca question, which has re
mained In abeyance since the treaty of
Ancon, which terminated' In 1SS4, the vic
torious war ot Chile against Peru and
Bolivia. It was agreed then that the vic
tor was to occupy the Peruvian provinces
of Tacna and Arica for ten years, after
which a plebescitum was to declare
whether those provinces wanted to be in
corporated with Chile or returned to Peru.
The date passed off, however, without any
plebescitum being taken. The Chileans
put It oft under this or that pretext^ be
cause, it is claimed, they wanted to col
onize the provinces with their own people
and thus secure a majority in their favor
at the holding ot the plebescitum. It la
asserted that they sent their soldiers and
all kinds of people from the slums o.f the
Chilean seaports. But Peru held that only
legitimate natives of the two provinces
should be entitled to vote at the ple
bescitum and that the method of voting
and the qualifications of the voters should
be determined by a. special, protocol, as
provided for in the Ancon treaty.
Chile at last consented to this in 1S9S,
at a time when - she anticipated a war
with the Argentine Republic and feared
Peru might side with the latter. The Bil
linghurst-La Torro protocol was then
signed at Santiago and approved by the
Chilean Senate. But Chile peacefully ar
ranged her dispute with Argentina, and
her Chamber of Deputies did not even
discuss the question of the protocol,
which, being approved only by the Senate,
remained a dead letter.
Correspondence of the Associated Press.
United States Involved to ExtentThat
Chile Makes Conditional Attend
ance at Pan-American
Congress.
Conflict Imminent Over the
Possession of Ter
ritory.
PERU ID CHILE
MAKING READY
TO GO TO WAR
Walla Walla Out of Quarantine.
VICTORIA. H. C. Sent. S.— The steamer
Walla Walla wai released from quaran
tine this afternoon. Passengers and crew
nro Ktlll holri
eoniiijunicaiiwn vtuo scut iiuni -in— *v»i
olttce Department here to Waar.lngUvi
asking if the United States postal author.
itits regarded the Philippines us cominsj
under the domestic postal rate, or In other
words whether the Philippines w*r«
United States territory, ami the reply waa
in the affirmative.
Accordingly to-day the Canadian postal
authorities issued a notification to all
postmasters that on art! after October 1
next the domestic rate will apply to- Porto
Rico, Hawaii. Guam, the Philippines and
the American islands of the Sarnoan
proup. The peculiarity of thia order ia
that while the distance from Canada tr>
the Philippines is twice that from Canada
to Great Britain the postal rate. to tha
latter i? just double that to the Philip
nines To Great Britain it ts 2 cents per
half ounce, while to the Philippines it will
te 2 cents per ounce.
General McClernand Sinking
SPRINGFIELD, 111.. Sept. S.— General
John McC.ernand suffered a shock lata
Friday night and for a time his life waa .
despaired of. This morning he rallied an UL
during the day seemed some brighter, bu\^
he is very weak and his death is expected
at any hour. He ia still unable to retain
nourishment.
Mail May Now Be Sent to the Islands
From Canada Cheaper Than to
Great Britain.
CHICAGO, Sept. S.—A special to tha
record from Ottawa says: Recently a
DOMESTIC POSTAL RATE
TO THE PHILIPPINES
has dispatched on a similar errand her
former President, General Caceres, and
the Argentine Republic is drilling ita na
tional guards. In addition, there is abou:
to be instituted in Chile compulsory mili
tary service, and the regrettable system
of armed peace may he inflicted upon the
republics of South America as a result of
the fact that Chile now holds over them
a sword of Damocles through her unwill
ingness to settle finally the old question
of Tacna and Arica.
WASHINGTON. Sept. 8.-Ex-Presldent
Cleveland has declined the President's ap
pointment as a member of the Interna
tional Board of Arbitration . under The
Hague treaty. Ex-President Harrison
has accepted the appointment.
Keplies Received by the President
Relative to Appointments to the
Hague Board.' " '
CLEVELAND DECLINES
AND HARRISON ACCEPTS
KEWYORK, Sept. 8.— Melbourne Mac-
Dowoll. tho actor, who was the husband
and leading support for Fanny Davenport
until her death, was arrested to-day on
an order which charges him with having
cruelly treated his wife, who was Mrs
Wilhelmina Maria Brafman, the divorced
wife of a wealthy Baltimore broker and
who alleges that since she married" • the
actor in June last he has constantly ill
treated her. :
MacDowcll was taken to Ludlow-street
Jail and his bond fixed at $2000.
His wife has filed a suit for divorco
charsrlriBT cruelty. She left him in this
city la&t week and it is said returned to
her parents In Baltimore. They were
married last .Tune in Norfolk. Va. Mac-
Dowell refused to make any statement.
Placed in Jail Upon the
Charge of Cruelty. •
Well-Known Actor Is Arrested and
MELBOURNE MACDOWELL
IS SUED FOR DIVORCE
Four years ago a band of thieves began
wholesale operations in nearly every part
of the county. Many arrests were matie,
but alibis were always . forthcoming
Finally the citizens organized for their
own protection. Suspicion pointed to tho
home of Mitchell as the rendezvous for
the thieves, and in an attempt of the
"regulators" to apply the hickory switcii
a light ensued, which resulted in the kill
ing. A deathbed confession of one of the
parties engaged in the light came to "the
knowledge of Prosecuting Attorney H
H. Ball, who secured the indictments.
Church members, ex-officials and political
candidates arc either directly or indirectly
implicated.
HARTVILLE, Mo., Sept. 8.— Great ex
citement exists here owing to the action
of the Grand Jury in returning indict
ments against twenty prominent citizens
of this (Wright) county for the .alleged
murder of John Mitchell and Jack Jvauff
man and the wounding of David Mitchell
in April, 1897, by "regulators."
of Prominsnt People in a
Missouri City.
Sensation Caused by the Indictment
CHURCH MEMBERS AMONG
A BAND OF "REGULATORS"
The Baltimore will eo to the Brooklvn
navy yard for extensive repairs. As she
has been in service for about ten years, it
wIH be impossible to know the full extent
of repairs needed until after she has been
surveyed. She will probably be out of
commission a year or more.
NEW YORK, Se»t. 8,-The United
States cruiser Baltimore, in command of
Rear Admiral Watson, arrived here early
to-day. The Baltimore has been making
a slow trip from Yokohama, from "which
port she sailed on May 1. On her voyage
she made stops at Shanghai, Hongkong,
Singapore. Colombo, Suez. Malta. Gibral
tar, Havre, Gravesend, Belfast and Green
ock. leaving the latter port on August 29.
Owing to the existence of bubonic plague
at Glasgow at the time of the vessel's
stay at Greenock; which is only twenty
five miles from Glasgow, quarantine wjll
be maintained over her at her anchorage
for a time. No person will be allowed on
board, nor will any of the ship's com
pany be permitted to go on shore with
out permission of the' health ofllcer of the
port. The temperature of all on board
will be taken before any disposition is
made of the vessel.
Flagship of Bear Admiral "Watson,
Who Returns From the
Philippines.
CRUISER BALTIMORE
REACHES NEW YORK
Lord Roberts Sends a Report of Suc
cess of the British
Porces.
LONDON, Sept. 8.— The following dis
patch has been received at the War Of
fice from Lord Roberts:
BELFAST, Friday, Sept. 7.— Ian Hamil
ton succeeded in turning the Boers' right
Hank, clearing the way for Buller"s ad
vance.
•'Dundonald and Brocklchurst occupied
Lydenburg Thursday.
"The Boers are split up and going north
ward and east. Most of the euns and
stores have been sent to Krugerspoort.
"Hart, who is operating southeast of
Krugersdorp, reports that among the
dead Boers left on the field it is believed
that the body of Theron has been found."
Krugerspoort Is a small town about
twenty miles north by east of Lydenburg.
Commandant Theron .of the Boer army
was known as a great scout. It was he
who commanded ' the Boer flying patrol
that derailed and burned, early in Au
gust, near Honigspruit. the train carry
ing United States Consul Stowe and Hy
ing the stars and stripes.
BOERS SPLIT UP AND
RETREATING NORTHWARD
Would-Be Murderer Is Said to Have
Gone From Camden, IT. J.,
to Do the Deed. ¦
Sperlal Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Sept. 8.— A World cable
from Home says: Gre;it uneasiness is felt
in Italian policy circles owing to recent
alarmist reports from New York. It 13
now undoubted that a conspiracy is on
foot to murder the new King and that the
would-be (utsassina come from Pate-rson.
N. J. x The Xaples policy had been notified
from New York that twenty dangerous
anarchists would land at Naples on
August 25 or -6, but in spite cf most vig
orous surveillance no arrests have yet
been effected.
It appears that anarchists coming over
to Europe have adopted a complete sys
tem of transformation of passports, with
documents to match, so that the police
are nonplused.
Victor Emmanuel is perfectly aware ol
the dangers besetting him, but he bravely
defies his foes and says that a king is
not worthy of his crown who cannot risk
his life to defend it. His only, regret as
expressed to his former tutor, Oeneral
Osie, is that there is no direct heir to the
throne, which would eventually revert to
the Duke of Aosta. >
ITALY'S NEW KING IS NOW
THREATENED BY ANARCHISTS
Prussia has beftun negotiations with the
rest of the German States to extend the
reduction of tho railroad tariff on for
eicn coal nr.d uniformly to the *mp!r<»
In Koer.itz hegan to-day the trial nt
Israeiskv for the mnrder of the boy
Kme*t Winter, which led to the Feries of
anti-Semite riot? Rome months ago.
A bill has l>fen prepared by the Prus
sian Government for "the Diet provlfii'ir
heavy penalties for I; reach of contract
by rural laborers.
The Prussian < Joverrment ha? Issued In
ftmctions permHtinp convicts In gangs of
from twelve to thirty to Rssist in reaping
the harvests throughout the kingdom
owlre to the scarcity ol labor.
The Catholic Convention.
The Catholic convention was held this
week at lionn. Important matters were
transacted. Tn« convention parsed a res
olution in favor of the Government giv
ing BUftV-ring <J«-rrr.ar. agriculture a larger
Tariff of protection in the coming com
mercial tn-atU-s; also urging the read
mlMlon of the Jesuits to Germany and
favoring the maintenance of the Catholic
mission in China.
The Emperor and Kmpress of Germa:iv
*ere festively received in Stettin, where
yesterday evening; the whole harbor and
the river Fhore for miles were gorgeous
ly illuminated. The line fjuadron com
eosed of ten huse ironclads and a nun
er of smaller vessels, which has been
maneuvering In the Baltic, will remain in
Stettin harbor until Monday, when tacti
cal movements. In conjunction with the
army maneuvers, will be ucgun. The na
val maneuvers will last until September
34 cjid v.-m be directea by Admiral von
Kotster.
Anxious to Make Peace.
A member of the United States embassy
etated that all the powers with the ex
ception ol Germany are anxious to mnlct
peace with China and tuat they will prac
tically recognize Li Hang Chang as Chi
nese repre senta.tive.
"The doubt regarding U Hung Chang's
credentials remains strong. He hms not
been recogr.izcci by the powers as Chinas
peace plenipotentiary. Dr. Murom von
HChCMXtWMrtn. who is still a.t ShanghaJ,
has not inace a visit to Li Hung Chang,
nor did the latter visit the Minister. If
Li Hung Chang is a plenipotentiary, as
he claims, it is his business to approach
the representatives of the powers Jirst.
If Dr. liunira ven Schwarzenstein went to
12 Hung Chang tirst the Chinese would
!iave used this to show tha.t the hated
for«-ig:i«rs came and 'kowtowed' before LI
Hung- Chang."
- A foreign oniclal, answering questions,
Baid to-day;
"There are no signs that Russia means
to repudiate her proposition. But it is
already cltar that the entente of the
powers will not be affected thereby. Ger
many gave liushia a formal answer to
her proposition, but I am unable to state
whether th:s answer amounts to a le
jection. 1 cannot give an expression on
the subject. The Foreign Otflce knows
that the most recent ana very contradic
tory news cabled he«r« from Washington
Is most ur.plea.sant to the United titates
Government.
Strong Doubt as to Li.
The situation in China still continues
tlillicult in a. diplomatic sense rather than
lrum u, military standpoint. The Question
cf doubt! ul credentials In the case of LI
Hung Cnang and uther would-be nego
tiau»rs continues to play an all important
roie/ It is understood uiAt XJr. Murani voii
Bchwancensteia. the German Minister to
China, reported from Shanghai to the
Foreign ofliee here that he does i;ot be
lieve i-i Hung Chang is properly author
ised, judging from repeated information
which the jalnlnter received theie on the
subject.
BERLIN, Sept. 8.— The numerous cable
grams arriving seriatim,, putting to Ger
many compromise propositions in answer
to the Russo-American proposals, appear
baseless. The correspondent of the As
sociated Press learns authoritatively that
Germany, replying to the advice to with
draw her troops from Peking, has Bent
Russia detailed reasons why this seems
ir.o;)j»ortune and calculated to prolong in
mead of thorteu the war. The arguments
cued in detail in support of this conten
tion were those already given to the As
sociated Press by a Foreign Office official
recently, and appear Identical with the
arguments advocated by several other
jxjwert.
in Diplomatic Sense Rather
Than From Military
Standpoint.
Situation in China Continues Difficult
Declares the Withdrawal of
Troops From Peking
Would Prolong War.
GERMANY HAS
GIVEN RUSSIA
MANY SEASONS
Other Influences.
Another move which would impel
France to follow Russia if the latter with
draws her troops is the fact that the
French forces would thereby avoid re
maining under the command of Fieldj
Marshal Count von Waldersee. This feel
ing against French soldiers taking orders
from a German commander, while not
openly discussed, is nevertheless very
widely nourished among the people here.
An eye-opener as to the lacK of accord
among the various military command
era in China is furnished by the report
of Captain Marolles, who commanded the
French contingent UP to the time of the
capture of Tientsin. Captain Marolles re
lates each day's events in the form of a
diary, in which appear statements which
a Paris journal describes as tantamount
to a masked Indictment of the' Russian
General Stezel, who. with the obstinacy
of a soldier executing an order, it says,
wished to win or even to be beaten" alone.
The result of this ambition was the loss
of hundreds of lives. Marolles, under
date of June 27, ¦writes:
"Russians attacked the east arsenal at
Tientsin without notifying any one, but
eventually the Germans and then tho
English contingent had to co-operate,
which was not agreeable to them. It is
apparent that there is no accord among
the military chiefs."
Two days later Marolles writes: "The
Russians made a reconnoissance. on the
left bank, without notifying any one,
when a fusillade began and the town suf
fered an hour's bombardment."
After recounting other Instances of the
isolated actions of the Russians Captain
Marolles says that Juno 30 General Stezel
advised him that he would withdraw the
next day the outpost at the railroad de
pot, which was Indispensable to the
French concession.
Lack of Accord.
The next entry is dated July 4, and
reads: "The Russians evacuated the rail
road depot at 7:50 this morning. As the
post is absolutely Indispensable to protect
the French concession, whose evacuation
would compel the evacuation of the Eng
lish concession, a force of Japanese,
Fronch and English oe»eunied it."
Marolles' report thus shows that there
was no accord, even between the French
and Russians.
The letter of Admiral Seymour to the
French commander eulogizing the splen
did conduct of the French of his Peking
relief force has created a. most pleasant
Impression here and has proved of much
greater value In Improving the Anglo-
French relations than he could possibly
have anticipated. It rekindled friendly
sentiments, which bore their first fruit
this week on the occasion of the visit of
BOO representatives of the Britsh Cham
ber of Commerce to Paris. The warmth
of their reception was noteworthy. There
were a number of prominent men among
the delegates and at a banquet given by
the British Chamber of Commerce at
Paris, at which M. Millerand. Minister of
Commerce, was the guest of honor, an
Anglo-French demonstration took place,
M. Millerand proposing the Queen's health
and the diners responding by singing tfie
"Marseillaise." The press comments are
most sympathetic.
What was known as the Muscat Inci
dent between France and England, aris
ing from the French claim, which the
British disputed, to a coaliner station on
the coast* of Muscat, Arabia, Is now
finally settled; France leaving made good
her claim, and a telegram from Muscat,
received on Friday afternoon, announced
that the first shipment had been landed
at the French concession.
and labor upon the European- commund
ers. This would necessitate the proper
policing of Pelting, with its millions of in
habitants, all of whom are now filled with
hatred for the "foreign devils," the ar
rangement of s-anitary and -fire precau
tions and an endless list of other muni
cipal details. This would be a well nigh
invpossible task, in view of the diverse
nationalities ane 1 languages of the army
of occupation. The provisioning and keep
ing open of communication with the sea
coast for a large force in Peking during
the winter, when the country is snow cov
ered and frozen, also presents a problem
of extreme difficulty. .
Would Like to Hold Them at tha
Capital of the Flowery Kingdom
but Is Influenced
by Russia.
»
PARIS, Sept. S.— France is in a dilemma.
Russia's proposition io withdraw from
Peking has resolved Itself into a problem
for her which French statesmen are now
tackling very gingerly. The complete
withdrawal from Peking, after careful
consideration, is now deemed to be alto
gether In line with France's views, and as
the most effective method of dealing
with the Kmpress Dowager and her clique
of advisers. France is now forced ty
choose between the course she would
rather adopt and the policy dictated to
her by the Russian alliance and
French statecraft has been devoted for
the oast week in an enfleavor to splice
these two conflicting policies into a com
promise which will not Jeopardize her
friendship with Russia and at the same
time wfll not prejudice her own position
in China. The suggestion, therefore,
that while the bulk of troops be with
drawn from Peking a small international
force be still retained in the city comes
as a peculiarly acceptable idea to France.
Russia and Germany appear to be the
only serious stumbling blocks in the way
of a general acceptance of this compro
mise, the first named desiring the totai
withdrawal of- the allied forces and the
latter wishing a continued occupation.
Should the prpposition fall through and
Russia and America withdraw all their
troops France would undoubtedly follow
suit.
Too Great a Shock.
It would be too rutie a shock to the
Russo-Frcnch alliance for France to
abandon her ally and remain in Peking,
with aa her associat.es her hereditary
enemies, England and Germany. The
French Government appreciates the great
element of wisdom in the Muscovite pro
posal, recognizing that a continuance of
ihe 'present form of occupation would pre
vent early and direct negotiations with
the Empress Dowager, who fears to re
turn to the capital, and that, moreover,
the administration of the affairs of the
city would. throw immense responsibility
Knows Not What Action to
Take Relative to Troops
in Peking.
FRANCE ON THE
HORNS OF VERY
GRAVE DILEMMA
"The British manufacturer has awak
ened from his lethargy and has grasped
that American ingenuity which was pro
ducing scores of useful novelties scarcely
known here and selling them under the
eyes of the local manufacturers in the
same line. This ground is being some
what recovered."
American competitors on the price of sev
eral lines of goods. In conclusion the
Times remarks:
(5 reat Britain's alleged pusillanimity
and lack of initiative, however, furnished
another opportunity to grumble, and now
practically the whole nation is "on the
growl." The newspapers contain col
umns of editorials and letters vlndlca
tlvely attacking the collective Cabinet
and the individual departments of the
Government for their conduct of the war,
for the affairs of the railroad companies
and of the church, to say nothing of
minor eau*e for disputation. The fact is
the country Is Buffering- from an overplus
of Intoxicants, both military and political,
and has now reached what Augustine Bir
rille, member of Parliament, has aptly
termed the "sodawater" stage.
The trades unionists concluded their
annual congress at Huddfrfifleld to-day.
A million and a quarter ot skilled work
men were represented In the deliberations,
which have attracted more Interest than
usual because of the sensitive state of
the public feelinp caused by the recent
strikes and rumors of strikes.
President Pickles' addre*?. dealing with
the pr-lentinc and philosophical phases of
industrialism, was purely socialistic. The
approval of collectivism by the congress
has bf>en rather a shock to the editorial
writers. A resolution condemning the
South African war and the annexation of
the two republics "at the dictates of cos
mopolitan capitalists." which was al«=o
adopted. Is regarded as significant In re
lation to the coming general election. :
The widespread growth of American
commercial competition with Great Brit
ain was never more apparent than at
present and never were the friends of
British home industries more alive to
the dangers that are threatening their
commercial welfare. Papers in every por
tion of the United Kingdom publish daiiy
warninps against the insidious foes and
there are Klgns that the British manufac
turers and workmen are awakening to
the importance of attending more closely
to the requirements of customers. The
London Times, which 'ias recently devot
rd much space to carefully prepared arti
cles on American industrial methods ani
their advantages over the policy followed
hv British firms, prints to-day a two
column review of American competition
in small article* of hardware. In which It
congratulates the home manufacturers In
having at last succeeded in beating their
Washington, it is now conceded, is for
the moment the center of diplomatic ac
tivity, and news lrom there is eagerly
.-scanned, and the latest exposition of the
policy of the United States In the matter
is welcomed as likely to be acceptable and
as finally disposing of the unfounded sus
picion that the Russian scheme was
promulgated with the approval of the
United States administration.
All Eyes Toward Washington.
It Is a curious fact that almost every
foreign Minister of the powers concerned
is absent lrom his post during this acute
period of one of the niost important dip
lomatic decisions of recent >ears. Most
ot the embassies, too, have been In the
hands of charges a'ailaires, and now
United States £lmba*sador Choate lias
gone to Switzerland tor the long holiday.
Meanwhile, with the exception of the
statement already cabled that the For
eign Otlice sides with the powers, discoun
tenancing the immediate evacuation of
Peking, there la a. lack of reliable Infor
mation as to how the dilemma of PeKing
wiil bo solved. Most • statements are
started merely with the object of Indirect
ly eliciting facts. There Is no doubt that
almoM any fairly palatable prescription
will be swallowed by the British Cabinet,
and it is learned from a well-informed
quarter that as soon as the Chinese Gov
ernment appoints tolerable Uommlssion
esr with s-erious Instructions they will find
(Jreat Britain ready to respond and aid In
utilizing what William K. Kockhill. Spe
cial Commissioner of the United States
Guvernment to Investigate and report
upon conditions In China, recently
termed the "beautiful occasion ft) settle
for all time the. status of foreigners in
China."
This reflects the opinion of the British
public, vuiose conndeiice in Lord Salisbury
is iarge'ly eiue to me b«-nei mat he doed
not consult his colh-aguea In tut: weightier
mutteis ol state.
Salisbury Is Blamed.
LONDON, Sept. S.— Pending Lord Salis
bury's return next week Great Britain is
apparently pursuing a policy of inactivity
which possibly will hereafter appear to
have been masterly even though it per
haps in reality is only another instance
of the "flabby, weak-kneed irresolute
ness" so often attributed to the Cabinet
iu recent years. By the time Lord Salis
bury arrives the situation will probably
have brightened, reports will have t>een
received from the Peking Ministers and
.->uch views will have been communicated
to the powers. Diplomatists appear to be
rather pleased that Lord Salisbury has
been "lying perdue In the mountains," as
a member of the diplomatic corps re
marked to a representative of the Associ
ated Press. That continental Statesmen
it-it the bituation had been ameliorated
thereby, as England has thus been safe*
guarded from rushing to a hasty conclu
sion. "Of course," said he, "tne Premier
is in constant touch with the Foreign Of
lice, but he is enabled to take u culraor
view in the quietude of his summer refuse
than he euulu ponsibly have reached under
the pressure of the more excitable mtm
tn-rs of the Cabinet."
People in a State of Discontent and
There Is Much Grumbling
Over Public Af
fairs.
4
Irresolute Policy of Lord
•Salisbury Is Con
demned.
LONDON LOSING
CONFIDENCE IN
THE CABINET
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 9, 1900.
22
NEWS OF FOREIGN LANDS
BY CABLE TO
THE CALL
\ §
\ > \ STRICTLY RELIABLE. I
I \ V^\ / SPECIALISTS. I
£ We make a Bpeelalty of contracted disorders of men which have become ££
< chronic and complicated from neglect or Improper treatment. §
J We are the only specialists in San Francisco with a thoroughly equipped #
J hospital for the accommodation cf out-of-town patients and others wishing W
j to remain during treatment. - S
J Our offices are the ;nost elaborate and private in the city, and contain §
£ every modern appliance and Instrument known for the cure of these dlsor- *\
£ ders. We have the largest practice on the Pacific Coast, trpatlr.j; every form X
£ of Weakness and Contracted Diseases of Men, and absolutely nothing el3e. g
•J Varlcocele Is an enlarsrement of the most By far th<r creatcr number of patients. S
£ vital blood vessels in man.' It Is commonly seeking relief for so-called weakness, ar» *¦£
> known as varicose vein*. In their normal strong, rolnai men in every other respect. V
i condition their function is to carry off waste Our theory that Less of Vitality, Prema- W
> material, thus enabling: the organs to re- tureness. etc.. are not weaknesses, but Q
i ceive fresh nutrition. Owing to the breaking symptoms of inflammatory processes tn the, o
w down of the valves, caused by the paralysis Prostate OlanJ oo-calle.l neck of bladder 1 ), §
of the mugcular coat of the vein*, they caused l>y contracted rtisorders and early X
become dilated and local stacnatlon of the dissipation, la now being adopted by the ft
blood follows. Th<» vital nervea. beinj de- telling spoola'.lsta of the world, and that w
prlved of their proper quality and quantity hocbear. "Weaknes» ef Men." is removed S
of nourishment, weakness la the result, from the list of tncurable disorder* Even 3
Statistics prove that 25 per cent of the the layman can understand that tonics can- S
J male population are afrlicted with vanco- not cure Inflammation, and these cases un- "Ct
\ cele in gome stave of the dlseaje. We guar- der their administration, go from bad to Q
fc antee to cure varlcocele in one week at our worse. Under our local plan of treatment O
> office, or four weeks of home treatment, directed toward reducing the enlarced and 8
f without the use of knife, caustic or ltga- #wol!en Prostate. Immediate results as In- X
; ture. we have cured over ZOOQ case3 with- Jicated by Increased circulation and r»- «
> out a Kincle failure or unpleasant result, newed strength, is observed. Our colored 8
\ \\e Invite correxnonrtence and the fullest chart of the orsan». which we sen! free on «
K investigation of our methods, and can refer application. l« interesting to anv one wlsH- &
to cured catlents If desired. 'ns to study the anatomy of the male.
[ Offices and Ko'pital, entire upper floor. rt
| 997 Market Street, Ccrr. Sixth, i
Miss Martha \\Ittkopp writes from
Greenville. Mich., the following: "When
I began your treatment I had catarrh of
the head, nose,
throat. stomacij «_^_
and pelvic organs.
1 was troubled SaSSl^Sk.
with hawking and /*aS«3^"*'£A
spitting. caught fic-HM
( old very easily. /!£»
had almost con- sff jS^ f?*|
ytant headache. \ff -\ I
My stomach was «- f
all out of order. I «<y /^
aid not sleep well '^fe-^W^ jGszz
and was more /^?>^^gVF*f^>g-
tired in the morn- £»g8pjlgpaK™8BSft&
ir^ than when I ° • -"-ggftSKarV**
retired. I had ~
backache and waa * ___ .'
very nervous. In Martha TVittitoppt
fact, the catarrh ' '
had permeated my — ~ " ~~~~^
entire system and I almost despalrea or
getting well.-
"I wrote you for advice and you aa-
vised Fcruna. I began to eain rirut
along and am row well. My parent*
praise P«rur.a very much. As for my-
self. I cant speak well enough of It. I
am well ar.fi happy and enjoy my life as I
never I have before. I cannot remem-
ber when I have felt as well a3 I do
now."
Address The Peruna Medicine Co..
Columbus. O.. for a free copy of "Sum-
mer Catarrh." Thia book treats ex-
clusively of diseases peculiar to hot
weather, is profusely illustrated ar.d
should be in the hands of every person
suffering with any form of summer ca-
tarrh.
Peruna is the best remedy in the world for summer catarrh — /*. e., dyspepsia,
cholera morbus f cholera infantum, diarrhesa, and dysentery of adults. No other
remedy for these diseases is necessary when Peruna is taken.
Gonzalo De Quesada, Secretary of the Cuban Legation in Washington.
Senor Quesada,. secretary of the Cuban Legation in Washington. Is an orator
born, In an article m the Outlook for July, 1SS9, by George Xenr.an, who heard
Quesada speak In the Esteban Theater, Matanzas. Cuba, he said: "I have seen
many audiences under the spell of eloquent speech and in the ?rip of strong emo-
tional excitement; buc I have rarely witnessed such a scene as at the close of
Quesada's eulogy upon the dead patriot, Marti." In a letter to The F'erur.a. Medi-
cine Company, written from Washington, D. C, Senor Quefada. says:
"Peruna I can recommend as a very good medicine.
It is an excellent strengthening tonic and it is also an
efficacious cure for the almost universal complaint of
catarrh." Gonzalo De Quesada.
Peruna does not operate upon the ay*- [ cous membrane. Catarrh Is a flabby
tern, as the usual remedy does. It is ryot j condition of the blood vessels of the.se
a local treatment. It operates as a sys- , membranes. Peruna gives tone to these
temlc remedy. It gives tone to the j vessels and restores thc-m to their natural
weakened nerve centers and thus glye.s j elasticity.
tone to the mucous membranes that line Thus" it Is that Poruna strikes at the
the various organs of the bony. root of the evil. Ptiuna removes the
Catarrh is always located in some inu- [ cause of catarrh and the svmptoms dis-
Martha "Wittkoppi.
Ittkopp writes from
the following: "When
nent I had catarrh of
Peruna, The Greatest Remedy of The Age.
"/ will do all I can to get your
medicine into the homes of the
American people, as it is the only
sure cure for catarrh in any form or
any part of the human body."
Mrs. Hannah Marshall.
appear. It Is useless to doctor symp-
toms. Symptoms disappear, once tha
cause Is removed. Peruna removes the
cause. It is the only systemic catarrh
remedy yet devised.
Mr. Howard Harry Marshall, 432 llaln
street, Tuckertown, N« J., writes:
"I have been troubled with catarrh
for eleven years. Ail remedies and doc-
tors failed to cure. t heard of Peruna
through a friend and bought a bottle
In less than four months I was a w^li
man and now ¦weigh more than I~ever dii
in my life."
His wife writes: "T want to piv* my
experience with Peruna. It 13 the only
medicine that American people should
buy if they want to be cured of catarrh.
/ have had catarrh for twenty years,
and it had extended throughout my
entire system. T Fpi . nt hTJndred9 nf
dollars trylnjr to get relief; I did not ex-
pert to be cured.
"As I was seeing so much In the 'pa-
pers about Peruna. r 'nought I would try
It, tut had no faith In it. I bought a bo*-
tle. but did not see much char.se In my
condition, but thought I wou!<i take an-
other bottle. Then I saw a big chance
I kept on takinp it until I was entirely
cured, and havo remained so for six
months. People don't know a sure cure*
for catarrh when they see It. My advice)
to r\ll persons suffering fmrn catarrh is. A
take Perura regularly and persialently >
and the catarrh will leave.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
: -^^pW^^^r* I extend en invitation to all vis- §mm
% f//t§£gr- 'v^^C; 'tors during ike grand celebration to {j&5tfgi
I === }P?3 (§1 /^ r/sit my tai!or i n 9 establishments, <?jm
\1^^^V \J* where will be found a complete line ||
""T^i^S^f* 3 " ° f tf>e newest anc/ oe *t of fine, all-wool H
£ U^-i'J materials for suits and or er coats at very g5
.MAr K^« S&9%% I *M be pleased to show you th* prevail- H
< C" viT *Tvl '" 9 8t f les whether you order or not If
Z^^W^fc&^yfi iPl rtne Bui'nM" Suiti 915.50 to 840. H
WT-i" If W^^. » « Klcffant I>re»i>y Suits K2O to MO. U
% g-r At BT/ J M i'i a Nobby Overcoats fcj
\ _ J g5g3KBB3?ia3 vflrv i ff Stylish Par.U »£so to $12. §|
i«fiIfflj§|f/[ JOE POHEIM, The Tailor, 1
% -^^"^•£gr*5fci« ¦' *yj } ;' AJ* 1110-1112 Market St. and 201-203 Montgomery St. §3
l^^^SffeSft*-^ /'./ ' Lr San. Francisco. BaThe worn out uniforms of the British
army, when sold, bring back Into the war
office treasury close to $150,000 a year.
SXTICTDE OF CHIN SIN.
BERLIN, Sept. 8.— A dispatch from
Shanghai dated Friday. September 7.
says: "It is reported here that General
Yung Lu with his troops returned from
Paotingfu to Talyuenfu September 2. Chin
Sin. the Manchu president of the Ministry
of Finance, Is reported to have committed
suicide."
The Day's Dead
John T. Colahan.
SAN JOSE, Sept. 8.— John T. Colahan,
a pioneer of this city and county, died
at his home at 326 South Sixth street at
1 o'clock this afternoon after a lingering
illness. He was a native of Cumberland.
lid. and 61 years of age. Deceased came
to California in 1S50. when a boy. Upon
his arrival in California he was a pafer
carrier on the Alta and later learned the
printing trade. Colahan then took a
course at Santa Clara College, after
which he settled in San Jose. He was in
terested in the publication of the San
Jose- Tribune with \V. A. January-. He
served as City Clerk for several terms
and in 1874 retired to become assistant
cashier in the Bank of San Jose. This
position he filled until the time of his
death. Colahan was one of the best
known men in the county. Two grown
daughters survive him.
John T. Colahan.
SAN JOSE, Sept. S.— John T. Colahan.
a Dloneer resident of San Jose and for
twenty-five years assistant treasurer of
the Bank of San Jose, died to-day at the
ape of 6L Deceased came to this State in
1SG0. He was City Clerk of San Jose for
several terms and a member of the firm
of Fryschlaggr & Colahan.
FOR CONGRESSMEN.
First District— J. F. Farraher.
Mr. Farraher Is one of the most prominent
men of his party in the northern part of the
State, and for a number of years past has
been practically the dictator of the Demo
cratlo machine In Siskiyou County. He Is
about 37 years of age and a. native son of
Siskiyou County. He is a lawyer by profes
sion and has an extensive practice. His dis
trict named him as alternate, and he attended
the National Convention at Kansas City.
Second District— Jo D. Sproul.
Th« nominee, a resident of Chico. Is one
of the best known public men in the State.
As an orator he Is particularly well known,
being a forceful and eloquent speaker. He
Is a prominent member of the Native Sons,
having been grand president, as well as grand
orator, of the 'order.
Third District — T. Frank Freeman.
Mr. Freeman waa born in Placerville, El
Dorado County, Cal., In 1S3S. and was grad
uated from Pierce Christian College. College
City, in 1SS2. He then took a. course In Hast
ings Law School, San Francisco, after which
he enjpaged In the hardware business in Or
land. Glenn County, until 18S6, when he came
to Willows and started the Dally Journal.
He sold the paper in 1SS7 and went to San
Francisco and commenced traveling for mer
cantile houses. All this time he was studying
law. In 1S92 he passed the examination before
the Supreme Court and ever since has been
practicing 1 at Wl)irws and In San Francisco,
and has quite awerce clientele.
Fourth District— R. Porter Ashe.
It. Porter Ashe was born In this city, with
in the limits of the Fourth Congressional Dis
trict, being descended from Governor Afhe.
the first Colonial Governor of North Carolina.
He Is a lawyer in good practice, and at the
last election was sent to the State Senate
from his district, winning a notable victory
against all that the Kelly-Crlmmins-Phelan
combination could do.
Fifth District— J. H. Henry.
Mr. Henry of San Jose Is a native of Michi
gan, was born In 1R48. and educated in Illi
nois. He came to California In 1SSS, going to
gan Jose, arriving there about the time the
old underground wire electric road had proven
a failure. Mr. Henry Introduced the over
head wire system, the first In the State,
¦which proved a great success. Mr. Henry
owns a large interest In th»-Central Electric
Railway of Sacramento. He is a Grand Army
man and a Mason. He was nominated some
years ago by the Santa Clara County Demo
crats for State Senator, but was found to bo
Ineligible as he bad not been in the State
quite three years.
Sixth District — William Graves.
Mr. Graves of San Luis Obispo Is a native
of San Luis Obispo County, where he was
born 55 years ago. He is a leading lawyer in
that section of the State. His father, the late
William Graves, represented his district In
the State Senate for two terms.
Seventh District— W. D. Crichton.
Mr. Crichton of Fresno was born !n Eu
reka. Humboldt County. July 12, 1SS3. He
attended the public schools and graduated
from the Eureka Academy and Business
College. In 18S7 he went to Fresno and
studied law with Webb & Van Meter and
later with George L,. Warlow. In ISM ho
was elected Justice of the Peace on the
Democratic ticket, and In 1S32 was admitted
to tho bar and re-elected Justice of the
Peace. He was admitted to practice In the
Supreme Court of the State. ?and In 1S96 In
the United States District Court. H« has
b«n secretary of tho Democratic County
Central Committee of Fresno in two cam
paigns, and Is a retired Judge advocate,
with the- rank of major. In the National
Guard. He Is a leading member of th*
uniform rank. Knights of Pythias.
William T. Bargett In the- production oX
editorial articles.
Fifth District— James N. Block^
Mr. Block is a native of Missouri.' but has
lived in this State for the greater portion of
his life. He has been a familiar figure in San
Francisco political circles for many years and
served a term as Tax Collector.
Sixth District— T. A. Rice.
Mr. Rice Is a farmer of Ventura County and
Is E5 years of age. He came to California
over the plains in 1819 with his father, who
settled in Contra Costa County. In 1870 the
family removed to Ventura, where Mr. Rice
haaAince lived. He has served aa a member
of the State Board of Agriculture for one or
two terms,' and is well known throughout his
district.
Seventh District— John Albert Cole.
Mr. Cole !¦ almost a native eon. having been
born In ISM while his parents were en route
to California- Hla father was one of the
pioneers of San Bernardino C6unty, and th«
nominee tor elector has lived here all his
life. He was elected Sheriff of the county
in 1886, but was defeated for re-election in
1888. He has always be«n prominent In pol
itics, and for four years has served as chair
man of the Democratic Central Committee
and has again been elected. He llvea at
Victor, where he is manager and part owner
of one of the largest dairy farms In the
State. It Is located In the valley of the SIo-
Jave River.
Mr. Cole charges that the officers in
control of the office are Incompetent and
arbitrary; that vessels charatered by the
Government have been kept at their docks
for weeks ready to be turned back to their
owners, while the Government was paying
from $500 to $1000 a day for every one of
sthem, and that in many cases the Govern
ment paid In rent for vessels more than
the vessels were worth.
He also alleges irregularity In the con
demnation and sale of Government sup
plies, and eaya that in one Instance sup
plies which bad been condemned and «old
at Manila for much less than their value
.were shipped to Hongkong, where they
PALL BUREAU, WELLINGTON
HOTEL. WASHINGTON, Sept. 8.—
LAn evening paper here prints a sen
sational story of alleged scandals
In the quartermaster general's of
fice of the War Department. The charges,
which are vague in character, are based
on the statements of J. O. Col«s a former
clerk in the water transportation division
of the quartermaster general's office.
were resold to, a Government purchasing
agent, who shipped them back to Manila,
where they were used by the Govern
ment.
Mr. Cole laid his charges before Senator
Mason of Illinois last May. and the Sen
ator wrote a letter to Secretary of War
Root, in which he seemed to have taken
for granted that everything that Mr. Cole
said was strictly true. This letter was
referred to Quartermaster General L,ud
dington, who made a detailed categorical
reply to each one of the charges made by
Mr. Cole.
General Luddlngton also gave Mr. Cole's
record as temporary clerk in the quarter
master general's office, showing that Jur
lng his twenty-two months' service he was
absent a total of 184 days. General Lud
dlngton says that Mr. Cole's habits were
very unsatisfactory and that, on several
occasions ha appeared at the office under
the influence of liquor or other stimulants
and unfit to perform his duties.
Mr. Cole asserts that he resigned from
the quartermaster general's office because
his conscience would not permit him to
continue any longer In an offlc« whero
such wrongdoing: was being perpetrated.
CHARGES AGAINST THE
QUARTERMASTER GENERAL
Former Clerk in the Office Makes the
Allegation That Uncle Sam
Is Being Robbed.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 8.— A woman giv
ing her narh« os Mrs. Rosa Heiking and
sayinp she lived in Philadelphia called at
the White House this afternoon and In
sisted on seeing the President. She as
serted some one was trylnp: to kill her and
her children. The messengers and watch
men sought to pacify and induce her to
leave the house. She grew hysterical and
at last a carriage from the house of de
tention was called and t,ie woman was
led out and through the flower garden at
the east front of the house. She screamed
at the top of her voice, which attracted
the attention of the President, who was
at his desk in the Cabinet room. He sent
a messenger to learn the cause of the
commotion. At the house of detention the
woman gave her name and said she lived
on Lombard street, Philadelphia.
DEMENTED WOMAN SEEKS
TO SEE THE PRESIDENT
The Call herewith presents short bio
graphical sketches of the nominees of the
Democratic State Convention for Presi
dential Electors and Congress:
FOR ELECTORS.
At "Large — J. H. Seawell.
Mr. Seawell. one of the two eiertors at large,
is a native of Missouri, and about 60 years of
age. He has been for many years a resident
of Ukiah. Mendocino County, where he has
enjoyed an extensive practice in law. A Dem
ocrat by heredity, he has always been an
active and uncompromising worker for his
party. In 1SS6 he was elected to the lower
house of the Legislature and later to the
Senate, covering In the two bodies a term o£
service of twelve years. To his efforts waa
mainly due the appropriation for the estab
lishment of the Mendocino Insane Asylum.
At X,arge — Willard H. Stimson.
Mr. Stlmson was born in Michigan forty
years ago.' He has never heM public office.
Mr: Stlmson is interested in horses, keeps
a larse stable,, and is an official of the Los
Angeles l>rivlne- Club. He is the chief
executor of the estate of his father, the late
T. D. Stimson, that amounts to a couple of
million dollars, and has besides a large estate
of his own. His property is mostly in Los
Angeles. The plant ot the Stimson Mill Com
pany la one of his chief properties.
First District— John P. Haynes.
John P. Haynra has long been a prominent
figure In the politics of Humnoldt and Del
Norte counties. His political career began in
old Klamath County in 1S53, when he was
elected District Attorney. Removing to Cres
cent City he became the first District Attor
ney of Del Korte County. He was then elect
ed to represent Siskiyou. Del Norte and Kla
math counties in the Senate. In 1S6S, Gover
nor Hafght appointed him Judge o£ the
Eighth Judicial District to fill the unexplred
term of Judge Turner. He was continued in
office by the people until the new constitution
abolished the office, 4 " f -n he became the first
Superior Judge of Humboldt County. In 1SS4
he was defeated for this office by present Cir
cuit Judge De Haven. In 1SS6, In a strong Re-'
publican district, he was elected to the Sen
ate and took a prominent part in the flght
to save the water front of San Francisco. The
Hon. Frank "McGowan defeated him in 18S3
and the Hon. J. N. Gillette in 1S36. Judge
Haynes was born in Brecklnrldge County.
Kentucky, in 1826. He is a veteran of the
Mexican war.
Second District— W. R. Jacobs.
Mr. Jaeohs Is a resident of Stockton. He
was born on a farm in Yolo County in 1S0S.
He passeil his early life in that county and
went through the public schools, working on
the farm in vacation. He was graduated
from Hesperian Colletre and then taught
school for a year to secure funds to enable
him to study at the University of California.
Krom the law department of that institution
he waa graduated in 1SS4. He was admitted
to the bar and located in Tulare County to
* practice. He was the nominee of the Demo
cratic and People's parties for District Attor
ney of San Joaquln County.
Third District— Dr. W. R. Prather.
Dr. Prather. named as tfryan Elector forth"
Third District, is one of Lake County's most
substantial and influential mon. lie has been
identified with the county for fifteen years
He practiced his profession in Middletown
seven years and has since been manager of
Allen Springs, whfch he recently purchased
The doctor is a Native Son. having been born
in Yolo County 30 years ago. He is a. live
and enterprising man, popular among his
associates, and holding the respect of every
one. He has never before aspired 'to a public
office, but has always participated actively in)
local politics and is one of the acknowledged^
leaders of the local Democracy.
Fourth District— William T. Baggett.
¦William T. Bag-gett of San Francisco is a
¦well-knowp lawyer and Democrat. Ten years
apo he was aulte prominent In political af
fairs. Shortly after the Examiner was con
verted from an evening to a morning paper,
Mr. Baggett was engaged to write Democratic
leaders. When Questions of solemn impor
tance were discussed the abilities of Clarence
Greathouso were blended with those of
SKETCHES OP THE
DEMOCRATIC NOMINEES
rO^, ELECTORS AND
CONGRESSMEN
all of which places his welcome was warm
and the crowds large.
At South Bend the largest political dem
onstration of the present campaign was
accorded the Governor. Largo numbers
of people met the train as it rolled Into
the station, and the streets for miles were
blocked with the multitude.
A tent was arranged In the Courthouse
square, which was crammed long before
Governor Roosovelt made his appearance.
At 5 o'clock the train arrived and tho
speaking l>egfin as soon as the carriages
could rrach the place of meeting.
At the conclusion of his address th©
Governor was driven to the Lake Shore
fetation and departed for Chicago. The
station was thronged by admirers to say
farewell.
There was a good crowd at Benton Har
bor, where the Governor left his coach
and spoke for ten minutes or more on the
financial question and expansion and
urped all trur» Americans "to come to the
support of MeKinley. whose re-election at
this time means continued prosperity for
the country and th« keeping of all our
national obligations."
ROOSEVELT WELCOMED
BY LARGE CROWDS
CHICAGO. Sept. 8.— Governor Roosevelt
nrrived in Chicago at 9 o'clock to-night
and proceeded at once to the Auditorium
Anr.rx, where he will remain over Sunday.
He will start for I>a Crosse, Wls., to-mor
row night, where he will deliver a speech
on Monday. While in strong health and
good spirits, the Governor Is very much
exhausted by his recent labors in Mlchi-
R*n and Indiana, having made no less
than twenty-one speeches, most of them
In tlio open air. In ' forty-eight hours.
Speeches were marie to-day at Holland,
All'-gan. Knlamazoo. Benton Harbor,
Niks. Michigan and South Bend, Ind.. at
MILWAUKEE. Wis.; Sept. 8.— TVIlliam
J. Cryaa made a record-breaking railroad
run from Chicago to Milwaukee to-day to
open the Democratic national campaign
in "Wisconsin. Ninety-six minutes after
-.!;e candidate's t=peciai train left Chicago
Mr. Bryan was bowing to an. enthusias
tic crowd, which met him at the station
here. Chicago had a conspicuuos share
in the day's doings. Mayor Harrison and
the Cook County Democratic March
ing Club with a brass band ac
companying Mr. Bryan on the train.
Tho special 'was met at Western
I'nion Junction by Mayor Rose and
other Milwaukee officials and citizens of
prominence. At the Milwaukee station a
rand was playing. Mr. Bryan and Mayor
Harrison were taken in carriages at the
head of a procession to the City Hall,
where the national candidate made mute
acknowledgment to cho crowd's greeting.
After a brief pause Mr. Bryan was driven
to the residence of W. G. Bruce, chaii
man of the Milwaukee City and County
Uemocratic Committee, for luncheon.
Mayor Harrison and Mayor Rose went to
National Park to witness a baseball game
and the Cook County Marchers were
taken in streetcars to National Park,
where they were served a luncheon until
the speakers arrived at 4:30 o'clock. The
crowd grow Impatient. The band played
popular airs and colored minstrels sang
in a vain effort to assuage the weariness
of the throng.
Bryan finally walked to the front of the
platform, adjusted his blue and white bat
tered necktie, flicked the dust off his blue
serpe sack coat, waited for the cheerln:
to abate and proceeded to attack the
Republican party and Its platform with
which he said the Republican party was
fngraged in Joint argument. He repeatci
h!s well-known views on the gold stand
ard. ¦
BRYAN OPENS THE
CAMPAIGN IN WISCONSIN
American troops, la stationed, and an
nounced to him that he was off on a
business trip to Singapore.
He requested that the major, who Is
nowadays called "Father" by the Moros,
look after his people while he was gone.
Major Sweet consented to do all he could,
but trusted that the Sultana, mother of
the Sultan, would be able to administer
affairs satisfactorily. A short time after
the Sultan's departure the legacy of
trouble he had left to Major Sweet devel
oped. Indoman and Tahll left' to work
out their cases to suit themselves, mar
shalled their followers Into the field and
commenced waging an Insidious warfare
against each other. At tho end of twenty
seven days of warfare the combined cas
ualties list amounted to one killed and
two wounded. The peaceful natives, how
ever, were terrified and they soon com
menced pouring all sorts of complaints
Into the ears of Major Sweet at Jolo.
Major Sweet directed Indoman and Tahil
to stop breaking the peace. The two
tribes sneaked oft to thelr'homes. But in
the meantime a practice march of the
Twenty-third Infantry had been decided
upon. With a detachment of almost EOO
men and machine guns Major Sweet left
Jolo and pushed into the hills in the direc
tion of the capital, twelve miles away.
The Sultana sent a messenger to Kajor
Sweet begging him to do no such rash
act. The major Bent back word that no
Moros would be harmed as long as they
remained peaceful among themselves.
CALL BUREAU, WELLINGTON HO
TEL. WASHINGTON, Sept. 8.—
Gloom pervades the kingdom of Sulu
and tears course down the cheeks of
the numerous wives of tho merry
Sultan. For the Sultaji has disap
peared and has placed, the reins of
government In the hands of Major O. J.
Sweet of the Twenty-third Infantry. Os
tensibly because of his unwillingness to
settle a dispute between two loyal Ameri
cans, Majarajah Indoman and Paglima
Hadji Tahll— but, perhaps, because of his
desire to reduce the surplus In the Sulu
treasury caused by an Influx of American
gold and money received from a special
tax assessment, and to escape the bicker
ings of his many wives— the Sultan has
fled and no Sulu man knows whither he
has gone. It is believed he is In Singapore
enjoying such delights which only occa
sional contact with civilization can afford.
Majarajah Indoman Is charged with hav
ing stolen wives, slaves, fighting t;ocks
and and other valuables belonging to the
subjects of a neighboring chieftain, Pag
llma Hadji Tahll. It Is alleged that Tahll
made reprisals on subjects of Indoman,
but that the latter so far had six to one
the better of the bargain. Then, as the
story g-oes. the Sultan saw a storm brew-
Ing and that If the affair came to him for
settlement, in order to be Just, he would
have to turn down Indoman, so, he Jour
neyed from his capital, Maibun, to Jolo.
where Major Sweet, commander of the
THE iflSSING EUIiTAN OP THE SULU IST.ANDS.
VOUNGSTOWX. Ohio. Sept. 8.-
VTltb the blare of trumpet and
drum, the traonp of thousands of
| marchers from every section of the
¦*¦ State an3 oratory from euch cam
pa'srn speakers as Senators Depew. For
aker zrA Har.r.a, the campaign in Ohio
opened in this place to-day. The
weather conditions tvere perfect. Psxti
taji *rithusia5m was rife ;tnd the air
shrieked with the clarion r.otcs of thou
(andb of horns. The line of march was
long and aJl looked ¦well in the Rough
Rlcer hats. The parade was in eight di
xitions tnd extended over four miles in
length. Aside from the many campaign
r!ubp In llr.e, there were nur.icrous attrac
tive Industrial exhibits.
Governor George K. Nash, v.-ho had
b*en selected as president of the day.
made a. brief speech in introducing Sena
tor Foraker. Governor Nash s^id:
It ha« occurred to me that nature designed
the leaders of the Democratic r* r ->' for aclors.
rrwn ray observation I am led to twiieve that
even In this profession they are quailfird on'.y
to b« co^-.edlar.!" In 1836 they put a play upon
th» board which snlgtt well tave been called
a "Comedy of Errora."
Th« Cr»t error waa to EUfpoew that the Amer
ican people could forget the vicissitude*
tfarourh wfcich they had passed durtng the
j;rec«»Glnt three years and that they did r.ot
know tb« cause of these troubles. The i:<>vt
error prej*rited was the'.r belief thpt our i>t-o
rl« were not In fs.icr of a round financial pol-
Comedy of Errors
Tl»«e« leaders £re now ashamed of Their rx'r
f'nsancn In IS?«. ani sw^ek to have them for
potten. This eea«.i n they have r- f •«• n <>w P**V
on the boards and It oupht to b< ar the co.>i
old title. "Modi Ad" About N'otninc.'" They
caM It "Iuuo«l«t1nill ** Cntil i.'ongr'ss pro
vided sotne tcrt of government fr.r ;his ac
quired territory it becomes tbe duty of tht-
Presiderit of (b« United States to maintain
peac* aad ord«>r ar.d to protect life an 1 prop
erty therein. This be has done for th<» last
year and a ha!f, nothing more, aothine le?s.
Governor Na$h th^n introduced Senator
J. B. FcraJ^er. v>ho waa prceted by pro
l^:ip«»<5 cher-rs. and rturlns his speech wns
freoutrtlv interrupuril by applause. He
Faia:
The j-aramnur.t U-<:'Je of this rxrnpaiffn is the
• <3rr.ir.!rtrat:or cf IVllMarn McK"mley. Shail it
b» indorsed cr repud.atfd?
Money, tariff, trusts Rnd to-called imperialism
are. each and all, impcrtant subjects, bat no
ore of them can be segregated from the others
»r.d voted up<in by iteelf. In other words, the
Dtmocratic party cannot be rtttored t<> pawef
as to f*ne t;r^T'os*ti'" t -i and T>e excluded front
pewer en to rtiierc. It n:ut-t go Sn "foot, horse
ind <!raF?o:i" or not at all.
The truth is th.it the Democratic party has
b»en on t!.e wrong *ioe of every great ques
tion for ir.ore than fifty years.
Bryan's Weak Policy.
Tf President McKlr>v had ]«ursaed each a
policy as Mr. Bryan la m> proj>o«iTur if <- !?cted
he mou;<5 hav« l.**n branded as a wak betrayer
n* his trust end es re^jonsiMe for a prcat na
tlcr.al hmnilUtloa. If you have any doubt
t.b'Mjt this you have nn!y to turn buck to th»
ry^n-sfione " of Democratic neTr;e'»rs and
Dunorratir !ejtd»t^ at the time when cur
trouMe la it-* I'r.'Mvrir.es crir.Tn'-ace'l to leara
that these tren vho are now talkir.g about
haultac down the Tap. fr-vinjr the FUlptnoi :n
«Srr*TiC*r,ce end r.ialc-.^s p^ace on ar.y terms
were th»-n mere imperialistic and bl<Mjdthirsty
isd tyrannical, a* indicated by the advice they
pave, than Prrsiderit McKinley has ever beca
charged by ihem to fo*.
H» quoted f-stracts from newspaper*
tnd from a statement made by Iiicha.rd
"roker :n pupport of this assertion, and
continued :
VTty thia char.jre? It is ra?ily explained.
rh*y Bpofca OS patrict* then; thoy t-peaJs. is
If there b»«n ar.y iaiperla-'ipm It was In
accepting: cur title to the Philippine? and th»
L«s*rtisn cf dor authority end power th»re in
ttia «r*t inrlM'iCf. «ji<3 all that had the approval
5f Mr. Bryan. Sfti<v> tbim i>o!icy w^i.< «-r)t~re<i
apon not..tr.B m^re na; been done than to prtse
r-te it » :th vigor.
Vig-or cf UcKinley.
If '.t »Sl5 right to undertake the sur>pr^s*lon
It th^ ir.*urrection. it surely is n^ht tr> flrish
lh» mki and if w* ar». acconllnK to Mr.
BrjiTi'i pr^Era-rnrie. to <^siaMiFh a stable gov
•mcjent in the Philippine Islands b-fc-<? we
i^v« ther*. or ejitablith a. i>rot«?ctorar<». stur^Iy
•re must ffrsr «id the war. arid i do not know
ir* itt President caa do more In that behalf
±m he ia« already dene by the amnesty proc
*TEAtion w^i-h he ha* issued, promising par-
Sen to aJl who h»v* be»n exur&goA in the ln
•urrectloa »-;io will *=urr»'n<ler and re^p«"-t our
tuthority. The President has n<> authority to
to berond this. Only Guugjtsi can pmaiw in
!»r>er.i'ri'» «UiS RMication. and «'angro«s has
t«d two yar» of opportunity to *r>~ak. but han
-•?;;**<!. or at least failed to make any euch
Speech of Depe-w.
Rrictor T>cz>cvir fo]lo>wed. He paid !n
r.zrr.'.r^. es I <*o, tUnetlj from the Hep-j'ollcan
Ettta Con\-er.tlnn of New Tork. I brinp you the
rreetir^s of that *>erne*t and aLle b.;dy of re;>
r«*»r.ta.tlv<; R»rjub!!-aLrj. It rss a convention
which J»!t that -with work New TorK would
mil up «r. C.-i-airtioned majority for ilcKin
l»y KU& P.oo«*v«£t. These are pood tlrn^t.; the
tigTJi ere proyltierut. In no flection since the
Civil War Lave tije IVmocrats ever «uc<-eede«l
when Verrr,or.t rave Sf'.OM majority. This year
b»r S^r*«-rr.t^r majority Is about H.4M. Those
t-f us who •were BCtlva during the Clfll War
WTien:ber the second campaign for the elec
tion of Prest&ent Lincoln. The Rcathern «'on
f^Jera^y «-ai exhautted. Its credit in Europe
was lmpa.:r^.'. : Ita sui-pli-s were rapidly fall
ing. The D*nio<:T-atic convention which met in
Chlfzgo declared tht; war a failure and pro
posed. If BSCOeestu]. to recr^nize the Southern
Confedertcy. That <««.c!aratlc.n coat the lives
of over jon.ono men on one Fide or th» othor
6T.4 e*vera.l hun-ir^d thousand of wounded cr
rr.alined. It crist the !oj S C f milllor.s of dollars
tr.i the <Ie\-asutlr>n <¦'. vast areas which were
fairly prosperous coTntr.unitieE.
EVepewr then psoivi-^od to contrast the
prophecies of the Democratic if-adiTS In
Itf^ ar.d the fulfilled promises of the Re
publican paxt>\ and concluded as folio-ws:
The safety of our country, th* glory of our
Ea«. th- pr«TvaTicr. of our Industrie*. the ex
pansion of our commerce, the continuation an>:
Increase of cur prosperity are in the hands of
th« American people. If McKinley j S elected.
they are assured: if Bryan is elected. th~y are
Its peril.
The overflow m^etir.s was opened ljy
EeriAtor M. A. Hanna. wbo ppok^ briefly.
Hanna Addresses Overflow.
He Mid in cart:
My fellow citizen*, you have h-srf a great
Ceel of talk of l3t»> about th? paramount issue.
Both of these distinguished pentW-men have
Senator Foraker Also Takes Part and
Speaks Clearly Upon the Issues
of the Day.
After the meeting a public reception
was hpld in honor of the speakers of the
day.
Will you shut down one-third or 40 per cent nf
the producing capacity of this country for th*
Fake of taking the advice of Mr. Bryan an<l
his anU-lmpt-riallstic advisers, or will you cast
aside all such d»rr.aKGgiury and go straightfor
ward, following the straight road you have
l^-irz-e'-l undfr the teachings of William
Kinley, who has established our protective sys
tem on which our Government has reached that
point that v.-e can sendour manufactured goods
into every foreign country nn the globe? During
th" present term of President McKinley's ad
ministration we have experienced a balance to
our credit of manufactured goods alone of hun
dreds of millions cf dollars and our total ex
ports over imports of products In the three
years amount to a credit balance of $1. 460,000.000
up to th«. first of July.
Addresses were also made by Congress
man K. W. Taylor and Colonel Charles
Dick.
Well, I am !n favor of commercialism, when
it cr>mes to that. I am in favor of those condi
tions under this great country has grown
and developed until we not only can supply our
population of Ti. 000. 000. but when our produc
tive capacity exceeds that by 33 per cent wo
must have a market for the surplus or our en
terprise of production matt be checked. That Is
the jj'.alu. common-sense business proposition.
What, my friends, is the object of the r*emo
i eratle party in bringing In these collateral ls
! Fucf, except to distract your attention from the
J very fact that you are prosperous ami that
I rvc-y promise of the Kepublican party made at
j St. I-ouid !:*s" been fulfilled; that every proposl
; t!"n hr.f i-nn'.p to pa^s. and that you are reap
| ing the benefits of those prophecies and prcm
1 i.«es. Now. It is a name of politics only to In
' joct into this campaign those issues that are
j collateral Issues. Perhaps it is In our power
! to awaken the people to the Importance and
j necessities of this campaign. They aro lm
portant: they aie necest-ary beyond that of any
. ther which has occurred In th« United Etate3.
It !s a conipalgn fraught with more interest
and more danger even than '36, because If we
fall down, we have further to fall than we had
in "%. The progress of the United States de
| pends on our goinf: forward just as we have
I commenced— in straight lines, holding in our
; view nothing but the Interests of our own peo
i p!e. cr as rome of cur ar.ti-lmper!aIisUc friends
J call It— commercialism.
Favors Commercialism.
told you al! there Is In all the Issues and what
would be the result in deciding these issues.
This I? all a Republican orator or a teacher of
! any kind can tell you— to lay the naked facts
j be:oro you; then it is up to you. This issue.
I whatever it is, is j-ours. I eaw it a moment
I ait" arnont: the trees — a full dinner pall. You
'¦ niav talk about expansion, and trusts, silver.
I Bovernment by Injunction,* the constitution fcl
' lowing the flas. uu\ all the rest of it. hut fW
' low citizens. 1 (rant to tell you that this whol«»
I i«¥U<? boileil down 1« i-i that dinner pal!: If
¦ t»ii.« is a grot nation it Is 1>p<mus>» "f its peo
: i>ie. If it is a successful nation, it Is sn bc
' cause ot th*- Industry of its people. If it ha*
! cms forward ¦with rapid strides far beyond
i that of any other country in the world, it if.
ijecauM cf the enterprise c f its r""°rle. brought
together from ail sections of the world, of all
iiatiosis and tongues, but with one common
cbiecl— the a:!vanr«iient of each and every
I citizen ar.1 the foundation of ail that rests
with our prosperity. And that prosperity r*sts
upon the f^umiaticn of confidence. In order that
we nay avail ourselves of all tho great In
tT^tTs we have or all the natural conditions
thnt are here, placinc isVar ard above any
other country in the world. Therefore, I
fp.y that the decision of all issues combined.
boiled down, is now before you, and it is for
I you to say whether you will have a continuance
! of there conditions which are purely normal
; and which will be normal as long as the com-
I mon sense of the people directs the affairs of,
their own government. The whole foundation, I
r»*reat, of our prosperity and advancement and
development rests upon that one rock, which
! Is confidence, ana you «irA one ilngle thing to
! weaksn that foundation and you take from
i under jour structure its stability.
DEPEW AND HANNA OPEN
THE CAMPAIGN IN OHIO
Cause of His £tudden Departure a Matter off Con
jecture, but the Burdens of Government and
an Augmented Treasury Are Believed to
Have Been Too Heavy for the Island Governor.
Steals Away Like a Thief ie the
"Night, Leaviog Weepieg Wives
at Deserted Firesides, but Not
a Farewell Note -to Umcte Sam.
SULTAN OF SULU HAS
LEFT HIS HAPPY HOME
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL., SUDD AY, SEPTEMBER 9,-1900.
23
Opera Glasses
20 % Cut,
Including Lemalres. with and without handle*.
Oculists* prescriptions filled. Factory on
premises. Quick repairing. Pban*. Mala IX
OPTICIAN5^ H0I >«;»^<».
642 Market St. iNSTRuxtNTs
unocs* chromiclc BLM.DIM&. CATALOGUE FRCC.
NEW WESTER* HOTEL,
KEARITr AND WASHINGTON ST3-— RB-
modeled and renovated. KINO, W.¥KD A
CO. European plan. Rooms, 60c to II M day;
JS to $3 week; $3 to CO month. Free baths: hot
and cold water every room; flro a~rates la avery
room: elevator runs all night.
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Prlee Lists Mallai
on Application.
ATTORNEY.
F. H. MERZBACH. lawyer. 803 CaL.dqnl* bd,
I COAI. COKB AND PI3 FROX
r r WIT SflV £ f A M Battery Street.
J. L- WILjUiI g UJm Telephone- Mala 1MV
COPPERSMITH.
r Y T CM ITU Ship Flumblns, Steamboat aa4
U IT* J.llll Ui ship Work a specialty. U aal
IS Washington st. Telephone- Main Mfl.
ELECTRICAL.
D. D. WASS.
Electrical Engineer. 8» Ba«t Bfc,
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
t*C pnVEC Jt C(\ Shipping Butchers. 104
JAj- pUlba & tv« cuV: Tei. Mam la*.
GALVANIZING AND METALS.
SIfr. It D«aler In Metals & Galvanizing. JOHX
¦ FINN METAL WORKS. 315 Howard at.
HARNESS DRESSING.
"PALO ALTO." Best leather preserrer on
earth, 25c. Robtnsan Chem. Co.. 11K> Hoiwara.
METAL.
Extra linotype and stereotype- metaL Padfio
Metal Works. 137-9 First it. Saa gYanclaco,
OILS.
LUBRICATING OILS. LEONARD * SL0-
LIS. 418 Front st.. S. F. Fhona Main mt
PAINTS.
Cylinder & Lubricating Oils. Scnneid»r < » Mnta*
Candles. C. G. CLINCH & CO.. 5 Front, ft. F.
PKLNTI.ta
E- C BPGRES. 811 Sansomc- St.. g. F.
PRINTERS. BOOKBINDERS.
THE HICKS-JUDD CO..
23 First it.. Sas Francisco.
STATIONER AND PRINTER.
Telegraphic p A RTRTJ)(iE " <™g«»
YihiTE ASU SIEA31 COAt, gEFSx^S
DIAMOND COAL MINING CO.. at Ita OBESN
RIVER COLLIERIES. Is ths Best Coal ta U«
markat, Of Oe« and YarcU— 459 il**« ••— — ¦« ¦
TO THE PUBLIC!
PINOLE. JUNE 23. 1303.— I TAKE THT3
means of expressing my thanks to Dr. Wong
-jaflHgk. ' Him. 115-117 Mason st..
i^S^Pfc^Si s - *'¦¦ '¦'¦" 1^ cur«J
GL$r^"^vl5 "*•* °' ki'lney. womb
}&%}> J trouble and c&ncer of
VJSsC; f stomach. I was a great
yLff I sufferer for 13 years, and
a'Stsi / found no serraanent r«-
Mifimm I lief until i tried Dr.
J5SP^»». >(^ Won? Him. and la six
>jj\*'*«'W >^ months* time fce teaa
-*fc.SJ^. cur-i rr.e. Any person
WM&» wishing xr." to certir*
***m£*'i£S&N^ t n i s can find me.
MU3. OEORfiE BTtTZ.
', Pinole. Contra. Costa County. Cal.
SAN FRANCISCO- (Cal.). Oct. 13. 1S3S.— T»
Whom It May Concern: This Is To certify that
Dr. Wong Him of 115-117 Mason •treet, Saa
Francisco, has cured ro« entirely of Bright ,%
disease of the kidneys and consumption of tn»
bowels of long standing, and I am only too
tappy to mak« thl3 statement for tne b«-neflt of
all troubled in any way by diseases. You w!U
find the doctor a gentleman In every w ay-}< ery
respectfully. MISS M. J. SHINE.
881 Kolton street. San Francisco.
S F.. Dec. 4. 1899.— t>r. Wong Him. 113-117
Mason st., 8. F.. Cal.— Dear Sir: For the bene-
fit of others I wish to make a stat-ment of my
ea«e which was heart trouble. After treatln*
with six eminent physicians, my case waa -pro-
nounced Incurable. Hearing of Dr. Wong Him
and bis wonderful cures. I decided to try h'.%
herb treatment. He did all he claimed and
after treating six months I am bow well and
strong. Tour respectfully.
MRS. BARLOW. 1027 Mission St.. S. V.
No More Dread of the Dental Chair
TEETH EXTRACTED AND FILLED AB-
SOLUTELY WITHOUT PAIN, by our lat»
scientific method applied to tho grusis. No
sleep-producing agent or cocaine.
These are the only dental parlors In San
Francisco havlnjr PATEXTETD APPLIANCES
and Ingredients to extract, fill and app!y koM
crowns and porcelain crowns undetectabla from
natural teeth, and warranted for ten years
WITHOUT THE LEAST PAIN. Pull aet of
teeth. $5; a perfect fit jraarantoed or no pay.
Gold crowns. $5. Gold fillings, fl. Silver flu-
lnjfs. 60c. All work done by GRADTJATE DEX-
TISTS of from 13 to 20 year*' experience, and
each department In chars* of a specialist. Gtvn
us a call, and you will find us to <1o exactly
as we advertise. W« will t»ll you In advance
exactly what your work will cost by a FRE3
EXAMINATION.
New York Dental Parlors,
723 Market Street,
SAN FRANCISCO.
MATN OFFICE PORTT.ASTD. OR.
BRANCH SEATTLE. WASH-
SB. KILMER'S SWAMP BOOT.
Over-Work Weakens
Your Kidneys.
Unhealthy Kidneys Moke Impure Blood.
AH the blood in your body passes through
your kidneys once every three minutes.
fThe kidneys are yeur
blood purifiers, they fil-
ter cut the waste or
impurities in the blood.
If they are sicker out
cf order, they fail to do
their work.
Pains, aches and rheu-
matism come from ex-
cess of uric acid in the
blood, due to neglected
kidney trouble.
Kidney trouble causes quick or unsteady
heart beats, and makes cne feel as though
they had heart trouble, because the heart is
over-working in pumping thick, kidney-
poisoned blood through veins and arteries. !
It used to be considered that cr.ly urinary
troubles were to be traced to the kidneys,
but now modem science proves that nearly
all constitutional diseases have their begin-
ning in kidney trouble. • %
If you are sick you can make no mistake
by first doctoring your kidneys. The mild
and the extraordinary effect cf Dr. Kilmer's
Swamp-Root, the great kidney remedy is
soon realized. It stands the highest for Its
wonderful cures of the most distressing cases
and is sold on its merits GC-'X r f_ m
by all druggists in fifty- rfffjtTSgjBaaSSSSS&l
cent and one-dollar siz- i|$rfrSi&«B&&!2Ea
es. You may have a^^i^iifej^S
sample bottle by mail nom« of sw«mp-Eoot.
free, also pamphlet telling you how to find
out If you have kidney or bladder trouble.
Mention this paper when writing Dr. Kilmer
&: Co., Binghamton. N. Y.
SMITH PREMIER TYPEWRITERS.
POSTAL TELEGRflPH-CABLE COKlPAHY-"-iy,-°"THE COMMERCIAL CflBLE COMPANY.
J J$J3**j&s. ** ALBERT B. CHWOlLR, Prefect ' "I I JOHN W. KACKAY, President. I jrt5!8£te±
i fi^£*£^k I 1.0-STtVEXS.Sec'y. V.-S. H. BAKER, V. P. k 6. X. \ j k\ZVK BECK. S^y. GEO.G. WARP, V. P. & 0. M. |
The Postal Tricgraph-Cabl* Company Inmsmlti and deHrcr» this message sobjoct to Uio terms and conditions printed m the Imcfc cCthls blank. <
SYRACUSE, N. Y.', SEPT. 8th, 1900.
TO L. & M. ALEXANDER & CO.,
EXCLUSIVE DEALERS SMITH PREMIER TYPEWRITER/ T
110 MONTGOMERY ST. , SAN FRANCISCO, CAL. , . '
THE SMITH PREMIER TYPEWRITER RECEIVED A DIPLOMA OF THE GRAND PRIZE
AT THE PARIS EXPOSITION FOR ITS GENERAL SUPERIORITY OF CONSTRUCTION
AND EFFICIENCY AT A HIGHER RATING THAN ANY OF THE OTHER TWENTY
*- TYPEWRITERS IN COMPETITION.
THE SMITH PREMIER TYPEWRITER CO. ,
M. C. SMITH, SECRETARY.
Every medicine, chemical, extract,
bark, root and preparation in The
Owl Drugstore is dependable.
A litte'child can buy here just as
safely and just as cheaply as an expert.
Open all the time — telephone or-
ders filled and delivered night and day.
Regular Owl Prices
Hires' Root Beer 15c Hood's Sarsaparilla 75c
Carter's Liver Pills 15c- Ayer's Hair Vigor 75c
Hoff's Malt 25c Camelline 35c
Castoria 25c Dickey's Creme de Lis 35c
Mennen's Talcum Powder 15c Calder's Dentine 15c and 35c
Pierce's Discovery 75c Eau de Qdinine (Pinaud's) 35C-65C
Pierce's PrescriK lon n 75c Lablache Face Powder 30c
Scott's Emulsion 75c Arnica Tooth Soap 15c
Mullen's Food 35c and 55c Swift's Specific— small 75c
Syrup of Figs 35c "Paine's Celery Compound 75c
Allcock's Plasters - 2 for 25c Pinkham's Compound 75c
Cuti<5ura \ TKe I Pears
always 'SfariX.^ 4C«,j a.l*wa*>rs
*5^ \ - H§ I 2 for 25
«z8Market/fc V iSlf / lOaKl^njl
1[}|.JJP^Daughters of Liberty.
The baby show held by California Coun
cil No. 1 of the Daughters of Liberty In
Laurel Hall of tho Shiels building on
tho night of the 23d ult. was a very
amusing function. It attracted a large
number of the friends of the council, who
were anxious to see the little darlings
who ranged from 16 to 60 years In age'
There were all kinds of babies, handsome
and otherwise, but the most remarkable
fact In connection with the exhibit was
mv *. l L. '"¦ ero extremely good natured.
Th© babies helped to entertain the visitors
and there was a "bill of amusement"
that was decidedly entertaining. The en
tertainment closed with dancinsr.
WHAT WILLIAM SAID.
STETTIN, Sept. 8.— The text of Em
peror William's speech yesterday in reply-
Ing to the Burgomaster's address of wel
come gives the concluding passage as fol
lows: "I have no anxiety whatever for.
the future, for God is with us and he will
help us through."
MARINES WITHDRAWN.
BERLIN. Sept. 8.— A dispatch from
Amoy under date of Thursday, September
6, received here to-day, announced that
all the foreign marines landed there "and
at KTulangfu had been withdrawn.
Emmanuel Baptist, Bartlett street, near
Twenty-third— R.ev. J. Georgp Gibson.
Flirt Baptist, Ed«1y street, betwppn Leaven
worth ar.d Jones— Kev. E. A. Woods.
St. Mary'*. Van Ness avenue and O'Farrell
etreet— The Moit Rev. Archbishop Riordan.
St. Francis', corner Vallejo street and Mont
gomfry avenue — Rev. Father Caraher.
Et. JgTiatius". Hayes street, between Van
tteu avenue and Franklin street— Jesuit
]"a there.
Third ConpreKatlonal. Fifteenth street, near
MiJVloo— Re\'. William Rader.
First Congregational, corner Post and Ma
pon streets— Rev. George C. Adams.
Olivet Congregational, ' Seventeenth and Noe
streets— Kev. H. T. Shcpard.
Richmond Congregational, corner Seventh
avenue and Clement street — Rev. Philip
Coombe.
California Street M. E., corner California
and Krodcrick streets — Rev. A. C. Bane.
Potrero M." E., Tennersee street, near So
lano—Rev. S. M. WooiiwarJ.
First Christian. Twelfth street, between >
Howard and Mission— Rev. F. S. Ford.
Epworth M. E., corner Church and Twenty
gixth streets— Rev. W. M. Woodward.
Trinity Methodist Episcopal, corner Mar
ket, Sixteenth and Noe streets— Itev. Theo.
H. Woodward.
Central M. E.. Mission street, between Sixth
and Seventh— Rev. S. D. Ilutsinpiller.
Fifteenth Avenue M. E.. Soufh San Fran
cisco — Rev. Arthur Anderson.
Howard Street M. 1-1, Howard street, be
tween Second and Third— Hew John A. B.
Wilson.
First M. E.. Powell Ftreet. near WashlEE
ton—Rev. W- S. Urmy.
Grace M. E.. corner Capp and Twenty-first
streets— Rev. J. X. Beard.
St. l>uke p s. Van Ness avenue and Clay
street. ¦ . .
Simpson Memorial, corner Hayes and Bu
charjn Rtreets— tttev. John Stephens.
Westminster Presbyterian, corner Page and
Webster streets— Kev. Eugene H. Avery.
Calvary Presbyterian, corner Geary and
Powell Ftreets— Rev. John Hemphlll.
¦ First Presbyterian, corner Van Ness avenue
and Sacramento street— Rev. R. Mackenzie.
• Fmnklln Street Presbyterian, corner Frank
> Iln ar.d Vallejo streets.
• First Church of Christ, Scientist, 223 Sut
ter street, between ¦ Kearny street and
> Grant avemie-^The Bible and Science and
• Health, With Key to the Scriptures.
• Flret Unitarian, southwest corner Geary and
Franklin streets— Rev. Bradford Leavitt.
> A. M. E. Zlon, 803 Stockton street— Rev. T.
» Brown.
Morning— --.vot to Destroy, But to Fulfill."
Kvening-Address by Rev. Mr. Wynd of
Morning— R«*v. Father Prendenrsst. V. G
will preach at the U iVcloek mass. Even!
ing— new Charles Itamm will preach in the
evening.
Mornlng r riR-. Father Caraher will preach
at 11 o .-lock mass. Evening— Vespers.
Mornlng-Prparhlng at the 10:30 mass by
»ev. I-ather Forhan. Evenin*— Rev
Father Sasla will deliver the discourse.
*f JS'HSfJC -Th« Unity of the Faith. Especial-
K ' n 1 ,9 allfornla - Evening— "The state
of California.
Morningr-"The Unity of the Faith. Especial
ly in California." Evening— "The Inherit
ance of the Xatlve Sons." ¦'
Morning-Sermon by the pastor. Evening—
Special servles.
Morning— "Fortitude aa an Acquisition."
Evenlns-'-Callfornla-B Jubilee."
Morning— "Practical Christianity Demand
ed. 1 1 Evening— "Ancient and Modern Lep-
Morning-Preaching. Evening-Same.
Morning— "The Blessedness ot Believers "
nvenlnc-"A<lmisslon." -"eiie\er 8 .
Mornlng-"pplrltual Vision." Evenlng-"Our
Needs and Their Supply."
Morning— Freaching. Evening— Same.
Mornlnsr— "One of Life's Tragedies." Even
inK A Itl" .? oble Soul Amld Enemies and Op-
Mornlng— Preaching. Evening— Same
/
Morning— Frenching. Evening— Same,
Morning— nev. L. W. Simmons will preach
Evening— Preaching by Rev. Frank Jackl
¦ con.
Morning— Preaching. Evening— Same.
Morning-Preaching by the pastor. -Even-
MornlnK— "Behold the Man." Evenlne—
"California and Callfornlans."
Morning— "The Wonderful Half Centurv
Evenin C -"What Is Profanity?" v ' eluury -
Morning— Preaching by the pastor. Even
in*; — name.
Morning— Preaching by the pastor. Even
"fach""' W11 " am Kirk Gutherie will
Morning— Preaching by the pastor. Even
lny — Same.
Mornine— "Matter."
MorninK— "Intellectual Uncertainty. • Or Do
\\ e Know aa Much as We Used To."
Evening— No services.
Mornlni;— "Christ, the True Ldeht of tho
World. Evening— "The Resurrection."
SERVICES THIS DAY
AT THE CHURCHES
Poison From Pineapples.
The Juice of the green and growing
pineapple is accredited in Java, the Phil
ippines and throughout the Far East gen
erally with being a blood poison of a most
deadly nature. It is said to be the sub
stance with which the Malays poison their
kreeses and daggers, and also the "fin
gernail" poison formerly in use among
aborigine Javanese women almost univer
sally. These women cultivated a nail on
each hand to a long, sharp point, and the
least scratch from one of these was cer
tain death.
A Bachelor's Comment.
"A rich -woman -who -was saved by a
Chlcag-o man from drowning many years
ago has just died a natural death, leav
ing him $1200."
"Well, let's be charitable. Tho amount
Isn't very large. It is trae, but most
women who are saved that way get mar
ried to their rescuers."— Chicago Times-
Herald. . .
Dr. C. C. O'Donnell, the independent
candidate for Congress in the Fourth Con
gressional District, spoke to an immense
crowd Friday night on the corner of
Market and Stockton streets. He had the
support of every person within reach of
his voice that night, as he talked facts.
There Is no doubt of his election. •
PRISON DIRECTORS MEET.
Credits Restored to John McCarthy,
"Who Invented Valuable
Machinery.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN QUENTIN. Sept. 8.— The State
Board of Prison Directors met here this
morning and awarded contracts for raw
jute to run the mill for the following year.
Newhall & Co. of San Francisco received
a contract to furnish 1500 bales by steamer
shipment and a contraat for 7000 bales at
$3 27U per hundred was awarded to Ralll
Brothers of Calcutta, the shipment to be
made by sailing vessels.
A year's credits were restored to John
McCarthy, who is serving a sentence for
robbery committed In Los Angeles. Since
his Imprisonment McCarthy has invented
a valuable piece of machinery for the
jute-mtll whereby a savins: of JlQn per
month is effected for the State. "Warden
Aguirre's report was read and the affairs
of the prison were found to be In a flour
ishing condition.
CopyrlpM. 1900, by AssiSrtated Frexs
SHANGHAI. Friday, Sept. 7.— Ten
American missionaries and three Ameri
can children, two Danish missionaries and
one British missionary stationed in Shensi
province were murdered late In July, ac
cording to accurate reports received to
day. They were:
Stationed at Tcnchow-Fu — Rev. and
Mrs. C. "W. Price. Rev. and Mrs. E. R.
Atwater. all of the American board.
One rhild of Mr. and Mrs. Price and
Mr. and Mrs. Atwater's two children; Mr.
and Mrs. A. T. Lundgren, Danes, and
Miss Eldridge, British.
Stationed at Taku— Rev. and Mrs. D.
H. Clapp, Rev. G. L. Williams. Rev. F.
W*. Davis. Miss Rowena Bird and Miss
Mary L. Partridge, all of the American
board.
The Tenehow-Fu party left the station
under a Chinese escort for^he coast and
were murdered en route. The Taiku party
were killed at that station.
CHICAGO. Sept. S.-The Miss Bird men
tioned in the dispatch is Miss Rowena
Bird, sister of A. C. Bird, third vice presi
dent of the Chicago, Milwaukee and St.
Paul Railroad. She was about 30 years
of age. Her home was at Greentield, Wls.,
but she had been In China seven years,
having become a missionary upon her
graduation from Oberlin. She was sta
tioned in Shensl province.
VON KETTELER WAS
KILLED INSTANTLY
BERLIN. Sept. 8. — A dispatch from
Shanghai dated Friday, September 7,
says: "The staff surgeon of the German
Legation announces that an examination
shows the cause of Baron von Ketteler's
death to have been a bullet through the
neck which must have , been instan
taneously fatal. At the funeral Minister
Conger made a stirring speech to the dip
lomatic body. All the foreign detach
ments were present."
"WXLL PROMOTE DAGGETT.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 8.— It Is believed
that the President will accept the recom
mendation of General Chaffee and pro
mote Colonel Aaron S. Daggrett of the
Fourteenth Infantry to the vacant briga
dier generalship which will follow from
the retirement next Monday of General
Joseph Wheeler. If this Is done*. General
Chaffee will be only temporarily set back
in his own advancement to the brigadier
generalship. Colonel 'Daggett having un
dertaken to retire and thus create another
vacancy upon his promotion.
JAPAN'S ACCEPTANCE EXPECTED
ST. PETERSBURG, Sept. 8.— It Is be
lieved In well Informed circles that the
adherence of the United States and
France to Russia's proposal to withdraw
the troops of the powers from Peking
may now be relied upon. Japan's accept
ance is also expected.
Ration they were Any one of them would
have been a netting advertisement for
pome brand of baby food and all bore tes
timony to the excellence of California pro
ducts in the baby line as in others
Mrs. K. R. Hamilton. Mrs. Carl Reuter
and Mrs. M. R. Beard acted as judges and
they had a hard time naming the winner,
for each pair of baby eyes seemed to ap
peal to special favor. Among the boys
¦William Tevis Stell was one of the win
ners. William Is twenty months old and
Is plump and happy.
MISSIONARIES MURDERED
IN SHENSI PROVINCE
"WILLIAM TKVIS STOLL, "WHO
TOOK A PRIZE AT THE BABY
SHOW AT SACRAMENTO.
Special Dispatch to Call.
SAN RAFAEL. Sept. S.— The Democratic
County Convention convened here to-day
and nominated a ticket. For Supervisor,
District No. 2, Frank Murray: No. 3, C.
J. Dowd. and No. 4, George Dillon Sr. The
honor of receiving the nomination for the
Assembly ¦was regarded as a gold brick.
J. W. Cochrane nominated Robert Cot
tingham, but Mr. Cottlngham had no use
for the package and declined. J. W.
Keyes, the silver-tongued. In vain opened
the Hood gates of his eloquence in an ef
fort to gr-t Air. Cottinsrham to accept the
honor. Several prominent Democrats
were tendered the nomination, but de
clined as thought it was Bomethlng too
warm to be handled. The County Central
Committee will endeavor to find a man
who will accept the honor. The conven
tion indorsed [he State and national plat
forms.
Towne Speaks on Silver.
BOISE, Idaho. Sept. 8.— Charles A.
Towne spoke here this evening. One-
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BAKERSFIELD. Sept. S.-Hon. R. C.
Dale of Bakerslield, for Assemblyman;
Is'. J. McCormick of Randsburg, Super
visor First District; N. W. Tausig of
Miramonte, Supervisor Third District; G.
J. Plane of Bakerslield, Supervisor Fifth
District. The foregoing were the nomi
nees put forward to-day by the Republi
can County Convention, composed of.
ninety-nine delegates.
There was a sharp contest for each of
the positions, the closest and most heated
being for the place of Assemblyman be
tween Hon. R. C. Dale, present Assem
blyman, and Supervisor C. J. E. Taylor.
Dale won by barely one vo,te. The first
ballot stood Dale 47 and Taylor 48. There
being two ballots unintelligible a second
ballot was taken, with the foregoing re
sult. It was currently talked and be
lieved here .by many that Colonel Dan
Burns' fine Italian had figured in the
convention to defeat Dale for fidelity to
the wishes of his constituents In voting
against the colonel for United States Sen
ator.
Dale was firmly "fornlnst" the push at
Sacramento, and with all their fine .work
they failed to pull him over for Burns.
In consequence of his firm stand in this
he has been dubbed by his friends "Hon
»*<?t Bob Dale." Taylor, it is believed,
was "in the hands of his friends" and did
not know how they were using him to
knock cut Dale.
At any rate Dale's friends believe they
have gained a great victory over the
Burnr, push. In the First District there
was a hot three-cornered fight between
McCormick, Chris Worth and John Nell.
It was horse and horse for several bal
lots, when finally Worth threw his vote
to McCormick, who was winner. G. J.
Plane, nominee in the Fifth District, is
one of the principal employes of the tvern
County Land Company, as well as his
Democratic opponent, H. A. Jastro.
SONOMA COUNTY
REPUBLICANS MEET
Special Dispatch to The Call
SANTA ROSA, Sept. 8.— The Republican
County Convention met here to-day in Ar
mory Hall to nominate three Supervisors
and two Assemblymen. The body was
called to order by L. V. Hitchcock, chair
man of the County Central Committee.
Lyman Green of Petaluma was elected
chairman of the convention and J. E.
Olmsted, editor of the Petaluma Argus,
was chosen secretary, with Editor F. W.
Cook of the Healdsburg Tribune, as as
sistant.
Addresses were made by Judson Brusie
of Sacramento, Congressman Ba.rh.am,
Frank L. Coombs, Republican nominee for
Congress, and others. H. N. N. Latimer
of Windsor was nominated for the As
sembly in the Seventeenth District. F.
A. Cromwell of Petaluma was the choice
in the Sixteenth Assembly District. For
Supervisors T. C. Putnam, II. W. Austin
and AV. F. Graham were the choice of the
convention in the Frst, Third and Fifth
districts, respectively.
NOMINATION GOES
A-BEGGING IN MARIN
"Honest Bob" Dale Is Again
Nominated for the
Assembly.
Hot Contest at the County Conven
tion Ends in Victory for the Man
Who Stood Out Against
the Colonel.
REBUKE TO THE
BURKS GANG AT
BAKERSFIELD
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO, Sept. S.— One of the
most attractive leaturcs of the State Fair
was the baby show given this weeK at the
pavilion. There were exactly eighty-one
youngsters in the lot and a merry aggre-
_ — <j>
Eighty-One Laughing Youngsters
Excite the Admiration of the
Throng of Visitors at
the Pavilion.
PRETTY BABIES AT
SACRAMENTO SHOW
CHICKEN COSTS
TWO HUMAN LIVES
SEATTLE, Sept 8.— Ulyssea Kel
ley, aged eight years, and George
Oglesby were killed by firedamp in
an abandoned shaft at Newcastle
yesterday.
The former descended into the
hole to look for a chicken which he
had thrown therein, and was .fol
lowed by Oglesby. Both were
overcome by the vapor and fell to
the bottom of the shaft.
in 1S90, an Increase ot 44,041, or 94.35 per
cent.
Census Returns Show That the Me
tropolis of the Northwest Has
Almost Doubled in. Size.
WASHINGTON, Sept. S.— The Census
Bureau announces th.it the population of
Portland. Or., la 00.426, as against 48.385
Special Dispatch tr> The Call.
WOODLAND, Sept. I—At a meeting of
the Democratic County Central Commit
tee held this afternoon the date for the
prin-.aries was fixed for Saturday. Sep
tember 29. The convention will be hold
Wednesday, Octobfr 3. The convention
will name a candidate for the Assembly
and three Supervisorial districts.
BIG INCREASE IN
PORTLAND'S POPULATION
SALT LAKE, Utah, Sept. 8.— Mrs. J.
Ellen Foster of Wasnington, D. C, ar
rived in the city to-day. The lady said
she was in Utah at the request and un
der the direction »f the Republican Na
tlonr.l Committee.
"I have been given." said she, "the
States of Kansas. Colorado, Utah, Idaho
ard South Dakota, which I will stump
for MrKinley. 1 feel ihat in Utah there
Is a battle, but It was for that purpose
I was sent West."
DEMOCRATS OF YOLO
COUNTY IN SESSION
DISASTROUS FIRE
AT SUTTER CREEK
Special Dispatch to Th« Call.
SUTTER CREEK, Sept. 8.-A dis
astrous fire, which has wiped out
about $30,000 of property on Main
street, occurred last night at 11:43.
The cause Is unknown. The Sutter
Hotel, with nearly all its furniture.
was burned down. The Vlclni block
and L/. Katz's residence. Including
two barns, also went down. The
hotel was insured for $7000. The
other Insurance Is not known. It -
was the closest call the town has
had for many years. The Jackson
Fire Department came to the
assistance and did noble work.
third of his address was devoted to free
coinage, the speaker making the declara
tion that the silver Issue was not dead.
Jefferson and Lincoln, he said, really be
longed to the same party. Every great
emergency, when the nation -was threat
ened with imperialism brought forth a
leader to save It. At this time Bryan was
such a leader. This was the greatest cam
paign, said the speaker, that the country
had ever witnessed.
MRS. J. ELLEN FOSTER
TO STUMP WESTERN STATES
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAI/L, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 9, 1900.
24
A canal connecting the Moditenratiean
with the Red Sea existed as early as 600
years before the Christian era, Its length
was ninety-two miles.
4 ; |
"£* Our strenuous efforts have been amply rewarded by our procuring the hand-
somest and choicest line of European and domestic creations ever exhibited in
4^ this city. The most elaborate and correct styles in SILKS, DHESS GOODS, £5.
j? TRIMMINGS, NECKWEAR, SILK, and FLANNEL WAISTS, etc., in vogue this g,
£ season are now on exhibition. An early inspection of same is earnestly requested.
* ON TUESDAY, SEPT. II, COMMENCES AN EXTRAORDINARY SALE OF
% Ladies' Silk Silk Coif Flannel Neckwear *i
jb Suits Waists Petticoats Skirts Waists and Cloves &
*^ :i
A V\*e nstfrt -with a.<=>=ur;irice that SUCH MARVIXOTJS values have never been offered, and we Intend that thla j&
"*•' pale will eclipse all our prevloua efforts in these departments.
£ TAILOR-MADE SUITS $3.95 HEMSTITCHED AND TUCKED I
f SI2.50 Esch. Good Value SI8. FOR A S6.00 SILK WAIST, TAFFETA WAIST $4.85 %
*^ Th«» VICTORIA SUIT, of Tine A won<^rful and most attractive REGULAR VALUE $7.00. *•
Jfc Pcotch Uomespun, In Oxford Gray, lookin? Waist; marie of fine quality This waist has been pronounced by vi
& R!ue ard Brown: fly-front style, out in t.ifTeta, tucked all over front, back and shrewdest shoppers the best waist ob- i2L
JS* th«» latest fashion; the jacket finely all nvor sleeves, finished with an extra talnable for the price; made in the
*^ tailored an'l ftitched, lln^d with poocl ecalloppd hand !n front and neatly latest fashion of tucks and hemstitch- £*
£l ouallty taflota si!k: skirt the latest trimmed with white pearl buttons: an Ing; guaranteed to fit perfectly; In all
*^ Raring chape percallneMned CIO Cfl elepantly fitting Waist, In fashionable the new colorings. Including Q A QC £S»
J&. md velvet bound; all sizes; \\/ l\l\ colors of Cardinal. Cerise. Turquoise. White and Black; sizes 32 to tRM-.Qn
"*•* txccptlor.aJ value suit v luv Old Rose, Lavender, Purple. Bluet, 44. Your choice each i2^
JEi new Blue, White and Black; «*O flE
1 — LADIES' NECKWEAR. *
£ CO OO tOD 1 GC en WIAIPT • ' The new creations will all be visible x£»
4+ 5^i30 Tun A S5.50 Y/AISTi here on Tuesday. One specially Sf
-^ **..»» i«ii«wu,uu t.nioi, C^IRTQ All THF RARF attractive lot goes on sale at a price A
J& The greatest Silk Waist bargain lm- UULr OMulO — MLL InC llMUU i owe r than the cost of the material
Zi «f^ b !»> 1 fr, yOU «^ T l Ol^ ntt ? bedii! / : Walking rnd Golf Skirts, made of alone.
* Sg^SiSS^SS $!,50 JABOTS FOR $1.00 EACH
£l mid Klepvcp. fit perfectly, in colors of *^.J 0 .*' -?L* h^L 011 bottom, , ars pd d wHh libmy s u k trimmings.
*? cm Rose. Cardinal. Lavender. Purple, marked to se.l for this week larpe d fl , n , n a]1 the pretty co^, r .
Jgi. TurquoiM. mow Blur. C.-ri.-=o. Aft HO V3 OQ CA 7R \h QR in^ s anA ack : B ¦ <?OOf ' value Qt [](]
~ White and Black. In sizes 22 \J Jj(j 00 cO CH-. I J QJiOJ at jj.50. On special sale at A|,UU
A to 4'. a rare harpain....eacli V*«'v»w VCcnh t3 M Worth J6.50 "Worth $8.50 each J_
I i ENORMOUS SALE. OF BLACK'SILKS I
t JBJEaiNS TUESDAY, SHFTEMHER It. < |
One of our FAMOUS SALES OF BLACK SILKS will be inaugurated, commencing TUESDAY. Sep- -
frnhir 31. Those who are familiar with our recent series of extraordinary SILK SALES will appreciate vj*
»I this exceptional announcement. It involves a p.itlierinK of over lo.OOd yards high Krade Black Stlk=: that ~?
-£* wpre nianuX.ictured for this h«iso'h and which we secured far l>elow the present cost of raw silk. EVJvRY T2*
rr PIECE i** absolutely without a ilaw and of the very first quality, and this you will fully appreciate when •?
you see them. ¦»!$*
'h BLACK PEAU DE SOIE. | BLACK SATIN DUCHESSE. BLACK TAFFETAS. f
•^ |% g% YARD—20-Inch niaokiftp YARD— 10-inch Black f -O YARD— 19-inch Black
** Ulift Peau de Sni<> ' fl "'il^rior j L g% ft Satin Duohes?e, all silk, U f A Taffeta Silk, a soft and
'V till* Quality of a brilliant fin-; 11,26. fast black dye. a heavy I B 1 very lustrous silk, just *^
r- UUU> i?h. wear guaranteed: tpr- W W VI crade. sells regularly at W I v the kind used bo much for .«
¦^gr ular valup fl.25 yard. Sale price... J Sac. Sale price <>r»f Yard lininss. good value at TSe. Sale *y
". .SOe Yard- T , T T~77 , . „ , , I P rIce ,">Tc Yard g/v,
-gr . ' "W YARD-21-inch Black: t 2i
I! "OPi YARD-27-inch Black / /ft Satin Duchesse. a quality I (\ A YARD— 27-lnch Black
«£•: / 1% fS Taffeta Silk, a fine rus- I I |, so much used for skirts, 13 1! ft Dress Taffeta, a maernifl- if
•^ ff .it. tlinsr fjuality, brilliant! ¦ ¦ U waists and fine dress lin- \ t\ *i 8. cent quality of a brilliant
¦^S- t «'¦> black; regular value : lr.pr. cannot be duplicated under | WU luster, excellent value at IT
J: (LOO. Sale price 7.1c Yard ' J1.00. Sale price 77c Yard 51.10. Sale price SOe Yard f£*
| , : ; ! _|
'£ NEW FALL DRESS GOODS. LADIES' SILK PETTICOATS $
It's easy to make a selection here of a new and pretty <SQ QGE CA O>kJ •*•
*-, fall dres*. Our assortments are varied ar.d prices guar- CAvdIi *JT
i& ar.teed the loweit. Unnuestionnbly the greatest value In town. A mo=t £L
~Z* EXTRA SPEGSAL Fuperior quality Taffeta Silk upc<1 for them. Made with
;; *->^ ¦ rS** OrC»/IAU OMViElSUO. an accordion-plaited graduated flounce, trimmed with a *?•
"^ UDMPQPIIM Tno >' arp inches wide, strict- dainty ruche on bottom of flounce: in choice CCi HC
*: nUlTlLOrUlJ OUUlllUJ |y all wool. In fashionable <^l n rs of royal blue, Cyrano, cardinal, purple \(S Mfl £.
*& Rflf» WotA ¦ Fhades of brown, garnet, tan and black; worth Jll. 50. On sale at Each VWlUU
•; ?»«J' J lalUi castor and three shades of £5»
pray. Great value at SOcTard NOVELTY HOSIERY 5OC PAIR
* IMPORTED VENETIANS BS^|SJ?S*?Sa Co - and « b "«'"'^" s t "fw noi" *
?7 fjfi $,\\\\ smooth, like satin, a beautl- that w<5rc , received the past week. We will display ail *§•
Of *-'U «-Ur.« ful fabric. 52 inches wide, in those in vopue just now, like polka riots, lover's knots.
•- protty shades of garnet. bro*n. oastor. gray, navy, new checks, stripes and fieur de Us. in colors of new blue'
-J* blue, reseda, e-reen, purple and black. navy, hello, tan. purple, black and white. ' £L
f FflR THF^11 AY >2^c flannels i^^^^M^^^B^^Mm
J^ » - . — — —^.— __^_^_^__
LADIES' COUNTRY ORDERS RECEIVE PROMPT ATTENTION. ~ ' A
** PIQUE GLOVES _^^ FRENCH FLANNELS |.
C as ' '¦ yj «• 'JTmu^£>^$9 Rj?J^^*^^ '^ f> la ff° now for '*
ZZ i, ci on n • " I^tlios 1 Shirt Waists. ujL
~jf: i\\ c'iUU 2 rcil- in ¦Tjgyy'''"' 1 f » — Come and see them. -»
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
Injuries Prove Fatal.
FAN JOSK, Sept. S.— Miss Joanna Scott
fii^d at I>ns Gates to-day from Injuries
r*-oel\-fd on Friday. She was ridiriK a
whetl anil collided with a hungry, sustain-
inp a fracture «f the skuil. She was 20
years of a?e and a native of Scotland.
j Buy Union Shoes j
| Made in California. 1
J Xatlvp Bins ar.d Pauphtrm ar.<l
every one Interested in our Kiat*- should
l)<-lp cur wiR»-wprk('ni by calling fc>r
I'nlnn-madf Shoes. The £leb<? Slio»
<^o. an'l <i. M. Kutz & Co.'ar*- the only
unkm fihops in ihiK city manufacturir.s
ladies' Miors. Their istyl#>s arp the lat-
est auii retail twin ?2,OO to $5.OO.
You help ynursflf Trhen you buy Cali-
fornia T"nton-mii<le t-horr. Yr>u keep
Btooey !n circulation here that o'her-
»iw would KO EiFt. Vou h»!p develop
our lnfJiiKtrien »n<l Klve employment to
our m<Ti nnd women. You get better
« rarlnp ph"*s and th<» prices are with-
in the reach of all-?'i.OO to ?5.<>O.
J'or scJe by
I B. KATCHINSKI,
8 PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO.
>;• J0 Third St.. San Francisco.
it fiol« Agftiti for Gloria ft 60 Shoes
<> for Laflics.'
*j' Official propramme of celebration
i<| tiven away free.
The Wonderful Vitalizing Electric Currents Which Dr. McLaughlin's Electric Belt Sends Leaping Over
the Nerves, Carrying Joy and Gladness to the Heart, Saturating the Body With the Fire of Youth, Makes
Old Men Young and Young Men Vigorous. ITS CURES ARE HEARD OF EVERYWHERE-
y^g^^^W' THE LINK JH^J BINDS" /^||||p}&\
¦Jv : Men, why will you be weak? Why do you not listen to the flight of time, to the echo of the thousands of
grateful voices raised in thanks to Dr. McLAUGHLIN'S ELECTRIC BELT? Why do you ro on from day to
day realizing that you are losing your nerve force, when you see a cure within 3-our grasp? Reach for it. take it
to your heart, and feel the life blood flowing, jumping, dancing through your veins; feel the exhilarating spark of
power warm your frame, the bright flash come to your eye and the firm grip to your hand— the grip which clasps
your fcllowman and tells him that vou have found your Mecca— vou have regained ycur strength. Act to-day: do
not delay a matter which is the kev to your future happiness: do not allow a disease to destroy all possibility of
future pleasure for you. Whatever your condition to-day,' you will not imorovc as you grow oMer. Age calls for
greater vital force, and the older you get the more pronounced and apparent will'be your weakness; so cure it
Father and Son Cure! Better Than All the Medicine in the World-
•The nervous weakness I complained of th* last tlx or seven "Tour Belt has done wonders for me. every slim of my trouble
months has entirely gone. Tour Belt cured me In two months. The has gone It has saved me from a treat d<*al of suffering aa^
Belt has also done wonders for my son, who had a bad case of I believe la better than all the medicine In the world. You can
rheumatism. Since my cure I have praised your Belt, and will con- refer any one you wish to me and will be more than pleased to
tlnue. to dp so «« • • H * W - YOUNG. speak a good word for the Belt. GEO. G. BALDWIN.""
Port Harford. Cal., 1900. White Rock, Her.
Are Yon Weak? Act. To*Day. Call or Send for My Book— Free.
t Do you suffer from Varicocele or' any wasting disease, from Kidney or organic troubles. Rheumaiism.
Lame Back, Lumbago, bciatica? Do you feel tired and lazy when vou ought to be bright and full of life? All
these signs can be cured by mv famous ELECTRIC BELT. I know what it will do, and can guarantee it Anv
honest man who will secure me can have my Belt, and if it does not cure him he need not pay for it Is that
fair? Will any other concern treat you as fairly? Has any other man as much confidence in his remedy? ' Mv Belt
cannot fail. - ' . -.:,¦¦ 3 v Jt
BiiM^0M^^M^M^^^^$MM B0OK AND syiipt °m
Office Hours— 9 a. m. to 8 p. m. Open to-day (Sunday) from 10 to I.
dr. m. a. Mclaughlin, mMs$MMM&M*M
A warm snap
for cold snaps ;
a chance to get
an overcoat for
winter at a dis-
count.
You'll need
one soon, so you
better choose
now while
stocks are big
and prices little.
• All kinds, in
all shades and !
shapes and
styles; raglans,
top coats, ulsters,
storm coats, and
dress coats. :
Marked from
£5 to £20 and
from now until
Saturday night
10 per cent off
these marked
prices.
A chance to
save you cannot
' well afford to
miss.SEATTLE, '.Wash.. Sept. S.— Last Fri
day 150 men employed in the Leary coal
mines of this county went out on strike
because of the company's refusal to ac
cede to a demand for 10 c?nts per car In
crease In wages and an additional 23 cents
per day hire for the common laborer.
The Seattle-San Francisco Railway and
Navigation Company own the mines.
Miners on Strike.
3AN QUENTIX. Sept. S.-The other day
two prisoners belonging to the road gang
engaged In a quarrel,. with the result that
Jose Garcia has his scalp cut by a piece
of gas pipe wielded by Pedro Francisco.
Francisco claimed that Garcia owed him
rive plugs of tobacco and refused to pay
him. hence the assault. Garcia is In the
hospital and is fast recovering.
Fight Between Prisoners.
Special Dispatch to The Call
Accused of Stealing a Horse.
Special Dispatch to The Call
SAN* RAFAKL. Sept. S.— Richard Lynch,
a prominent citizen of Larkspur, was ar
rested this evening by Constable Treanor
on a warrant sworn out by Dr. James S.
McCue. who claims that during his ab
sence in the Klondike Lynch stole a house
belonging to him and carried the same
away. For some time McCue has endeav
ored to get the authorities to Issue the
warrant. At tho time the affair was first
known it was given much publicity In tho
papers. The whole novel transaction will
now be aJrcd in the courts.
1'ROKXIX. Ariz., Sept. 8.— A delegation of
Mojave Apache Indians, headed bv "Mniave
Charlie," chief of the tribe, rode into Phoenix
to-day from Fort Mcfknvel!. where a small
band of Apache* were run off their reserva
tion bv white settlers. When the Commissioner
of Indian Affairs Issued an order elpht munthi
ago to exclude Mojave Indians from the ban
Carlos reservation, Mo.iare Charlie, with a
number of braves and squaws, traveled to the
Fort McDowell military reservation, where the
y.hites had already settled. Choice farming
lands have been in dispute ever since In dc
fnnse rtr their action the fettl«rs arsert that
the A:>aches recently murdered a white man
ami committed other depredations/
SACRAMENTO. Sept. 8.-Attorney General
Ford has rendered an opinion at the request of
!• rank D Ryan. Commissioner of Public
Works, which Is of particular Interest to the
people of the Sacramento Valley. Ke holds
Ju at l !l?. ,^°rnmisEioner of Public Works and
the auditing board, under the act of the Lee
slature. -approved February 9, woo. have au
thority to contract for work to be done on the
Hear River, between Wheatlan-1 and the mouth
of that river, so as to aestst tho now of flood
waters of said river and thereby promote
proper drainage of the lands and territory ad
jacent to the river.
SACRAMENTO. Sept. S.-Judse J. w
HiiRhf s, In an appealed police court case to-day'
decided that tho game or "Klondike" is a
banking g&mo and therefore under the ban
of ih.e laws of the State, but In prefacing hi?
decision b« S tate<i that with the moral'^m"
which had periodically taken possession of the
town for twenty years, he had no sympathy.
place yesterday. The Coroner held an inquest
Ths remains were identified as those of John
Emlth, who wandered away from the PkSnner
£rf^a,t ££ ir n T> r here -, whlIe Partially dement
ed last *<£k. Deceased was unmarried and tht
son of ex-Postmaeter J. J. Smith of Orovllle
COAST BREVETIES.
Epecinl IMypatch to The Call.
SAN DIEGO. Sept. 8.— A meeting of the
Horticultural Commissioners of Southern
California was held to-day at the rooms
of the San Diego Commissioners at the
courthouse. There were representatives
present from Ix>s Angeles. Riverside, San
Bernardino and Orange counties and the
sessions were devoted to the discussion of
fruit rx?5ts of all kinds. Papers were read
by the various members and discussions
followed In which all participated. Com
missioner \V. F. Budlong of Riverside was
elected president for the ensuing year, J.
R. Thomas of I»s Angeles vice president
and G. P. Hall of San Diego secretary.
The next meeting will be held at Santa
Ana, Orange County.
Horticultural Commissioners.
The public E«sion was notable for two
addresses upon the main topic of "Prob
lems of Pacific Coast MetJiodlsm." They
were "Circuit Methodism." by Rev. R. E.
Wenk of Yreka. and "Missionary Appro
priations on the Pacific Coast," by Rev.
K. E. Winning of Los Gatos.
PACIFIC GROVE. Sept. S.— At the ses
sion of the Itinerants' Club this morning
the topic under consideration was "The
Preacher and Hygiene." and the principal
papers presented were "Physical IleaJth
as Relates to Ministerial Efficiency." bv
Rev. Dr. E. D. McCrary of Santa Rosa";
"Physical Health— How Secured and
Maintained," by Rev. James Whittaker
of Sutter Creek, and the "Care and Use
of i lie Voice," by Rev. C. E. Rich of Fort
Jones.
cussed at Pacific Grove.
Interesting Papers Read and Dis-
ITINERANTS' CLUB.
Bergman of Stockton.
> STOCKTON, Sept. S.— Joseph Bergman,
a saloon man of this city, "was found on
El Dorado street early this morning, suf
fering from a wound over the right eve,
and as he had a pistol In his hand at the
time with two chambers emptied, it was at
first thought he had made an attempt on
his life. Later developments have ren
dered it necessary to look Into the matter
by the police.
It Is asserted that he had trouble with «i
man and that the party knocked him
down. Bergman, who was very drunk,
fired two shots and some suppose that It
was intended by him to defend himself.
He has no fecollection of the affair to
day. The case will be investigated thor
oughly by Chief Gall.
Attempt Made on the Life of Joseph
SALOONKEEPER ASSAULTED.
This evening's session consisted of ad
dresses by Charles Anderson, Mrs. Sadie
Cook of San Francisco.- Mrs. Stewart of
Oakland. Mrs. R. S. Lillie and Mrs. Sa
die Eberhardt of San Francisco./
A protest was adopted against changing
the sessions of the National Spiritualistic
Association from annual to biennial.
The action of. Sempervirens clubs to
preserve the fortsts of gigantic redwoods
was indorsed.
A resolution was adopted reafflrmine:
the allegiance of the State Spiritualistic
Association to the principles of declara
tion of the association and the national
association.
Mrs. R. S. Lillie was elected delegate to
the National Convention, which meets In
Cleveland, Ohio, in October. The selection
of another national delegate was left to
the board of directors. It was decided to
hold the next annual Slate Convention In
Oakland.
A committee was appointed to investi
gate the representation of delegates, to re
port at the next session.
The following were elected directors of
the State Association: M. S. Norton, Mrs.
Mitchener. B. A. Small. W. T. Jones. C.
II. Wadsworth. Frank Parker. Mrs. Ella
York, Dr. W. H. Barker. Thomas Ellis.
SAN JOSE. Sept. S.— The sessions of the
State Spiritual Association to-day were
well attended and great Interest wa3
taken in the proceedings. A lengthy dis
cussion arose over the resolution to the
effect that church members be excluded
from holding office of any kind and from
serving as delegates to the National Asso- 4
elation The committee to whom It was
referred recommended that it not pass.
This brought on a spirited debate. By a
vote of 25 to S the committee's report was
adopted, leaving matters as formerly.
Meeting- Chosen.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Officers Elected and Next Place of
SPIRITUALISTS ADJOURN.
Thomas fled to the suburbs with his
weapons and forded the Arkansas River.
OHicers have not been able to catch him.
The cause of the double tragedy is sup
posed to have been jealousy.
first accosted James Snowden. who was
'sitting in front of a neighbor's house, and
alter a brief quarrel over a small debt
fired half a dozen shots, one of which
passed through Snowden's head. Going
to his own house, Thomas met his wife
coming out, who, frightened at his ap
pearance, ran. He chased her through
the house, shooting as he ran, until the
woman fell with a bullet In the back of
her head. Thomas also sent a bullet after
a neighbor named Wisenant, which passed
through Wisenant's clothing, but the lat
ter finally escaped.
PUEBLO. Colo., Sept. S.-Offlcera with
b'.cod hounds are to-night chasing Lev!
Thomas. *. nesro, who th»s afternoon
killed a colored man and a woman.
Aimed with a rifle and a revolver, h<?
Negro Shoots His Wife and a Colored
Man Against Whom His
Suspicions Were Di
rected.
I Staten Island Is Swept by a Minia
i ture. Cyclone.
Special Dispatch to Th» Call.
STOCKTON. Sept. 8.— A report from
Staten Island says that a miniature cy
clone in the form of a revolving whirl
wind passed over that section yesterday.
Captain Cruthers of the steamer Freeze
and a large force of men was engaged in
loading grain on a barse when .with but
little warning a terrific gale sprang up.
resulting in a genuine whirlwind. There
was no rain. So great was the force of
the wind that workmen were obliged to
hold on to the filled s acks of train for
self-protection. At least seven of these
twisters were observed during the day.
Such visitations are of very unfrequent
occurrence in California. Captain Cru
thers says that he was glad to hold on to
the safe for protection and that the men
were afraid to venture forth to work for
Borne time. t
Normal Trustees Meet.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN DIEGO. Sept. 8.— At a meeting of
the trustees of the Normal School this
afternoon Wilberforce Bliss, vice prin
cipal of the Santa Barbara High School,
was elected to the chair of history made
vacant by the appointment of Professor
Barrows to the j?ositlon of Assistant
Superintendent of Schools at Manila. The
¦. . - - . - --. ',"TT'
SEVERE WINDSTORM.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, Sept. S.— Postmasters
appointed: California— Agnes Archer,
Agenda, Monterey County; Warren Green,
Preston, Sonoma County; Mary B. Hor
ton. Round Valley, Inyo County.
Oregon— H. A. L»atourelle, Latourelle
Falls; August J. Hagen, Tremont; Mary
A. Kestersen, Sycamore: .AVUllam T.
Bush, West Portland. All Multnomah
County.
Pensions issued: California— Renewal
and reissue — Frederick Fetzer. San Fran
cisco, $S. Increase — Lyman Bridges, ban
Iveandro, $8; John Manto, Sacramento. $8:
Thomas W. McCallan, San Jose, $10; Wil
liam Kraus, San Francisco. ?S. Original
widows— Minor of Merrick I>. Delameter.
San Jose. $14; Margaret K. Williams, Los
Angeles. $S. War with Spain: Widows-
Bessie N. Andrews. Madera, $12.
Oregon— Original— Augustus J. Martin,
Dallas, $6. Reissue — John W. Oliver.
Baker City. $6. Original widows— Sarah
J. Blankinship, Enterprise. $8.
Washington— Increase— Thomas J. Ire
land. Olympia, $12 Artemus W. Dole, Col
fax, $12.
Postoffice Changes and List of Pen
sions Granted.
INTERESTS TEE COAST.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN DIEGO. Sept. 8.— In an address be
fore the Chamber of Commerce William
K. Smythe, one of the vice presidents of
the California Forest and Water Asso
ciation, said that the great trouble with
irrigation in California was that the laws
were the most ill stifled to the State of
any that could be imagined. The State
was inhabited in early days by those who
came from States where irrigation was
not necessary in mining for gold and the
laws were formed with the idea that the
agriculturist did not need the water in
the streams and that all that it was good
for was for the placer miner.
The laws of to-day should be framed for
almost an opposite purpose.. The placer
miner has so far gone out of business
that it is not his interest that is para
mount and the agriculturist does need tha
water of the streams In order to exist.
Mr. Smythe declared aridity was so far
from being a curse to a State or a sec
tion that it was an absolute blessing if
water could be procured for irrigation.
A branch of the general association,
which is formed for the purpose of trying
to get new irrigation and water right laws
for the State, is to be organized here.
William E. Smythe Says Radical
Cliang-es Are Needed in California.
POOR IRRIGATION LAWS.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, Sept. 8.— The recent dis
patches from the East stating: that the
California Cured Fruit Association is giv
ing foreign buyers an advantage over the
Eastern jobbers is not worrying the offi
cers of the association, who believe
they will have no trouble in disposing of
the crop. In an interview to-day Presi
dent Bond said: "We are not running the
association for the benefit of the Eastern
jobber, but for the benefit of the Cali
fornia grower. California packers can
handle the export trade direct .from here
better than the Eastern buyers. The
habit of the packers of New York to take
California prunes, process them, pack
them with the large ones on top and filling
the bottom with small, inferior fruit, has
discredited California prunes abroad. By
handling the foreisn trade from here our
close inspection will compel only the ship
ping of the best fruit. In order to com
pete with the foreign grower prunes will
be sold in Hamburg for J ,« cent less than
here. But they don't get this reduction
until we are patisfied the goods have been
taken out of bond, and cannot be re
shipped to this country without paying
the foreign duty. This can in no way
hurt the Eastern jobber, for they cannot
come in competition with him.
"The statement that we do not control
the prune crop is all bosh. The associa
tion has over 90*,)cr cent of the crop and
nearly all of that outside the association
has passed Into the hands of packers who
will not sell below the association prices.
"If we can sell from 500 to 1000 tona in
the foreign market it will reduce the
stock on hand and the association will be
enabled to get more for those on hand.
The plaJat of the Kastern jobber will cut
no figure with our prices, for the associa
tion will maintain those set and the
grower is the one who will be benefited."
President Bond's Explanation R2
garding the Alleged Preference
Glvsn Foreign Buyers.
MARKET ASSURED
FOR DRIED FRUIT
XILES. Sept. S.— The Stanley Hotel of
Mission San Jose, an old landmark In the
valley, was destroyed by fire shortly after
12 o clock this morning. The cause is un
known. The loss is J000O; covered by in-
Old Landmark Burned.
Business Boom at Seattle.
SEATTLE. Wash.. Sept. S.-In all the
history of Seattle's Alaska trade there
has never been such u rush as has been
experienced the past two weeks Owin
to the refusal of the White Pass and Yu
kon Railroad to issue through bills cf
lading to Dawson and Yukon River
points after September 6 all the northern
operators crowded 'n with their winter
supplies durinpr the previous week and
thousands of tons of merchandise were
offered for shipment. An early freeze up
on the ukon would block an Immense
amount of goods.
SAUNAS, Sept. S.— The Republican
County Convention met in this city this
afternoon. All the contests for the va
rious offices were spirited. William
Sarles, a banker of Gonzales, was nomi
nated for Assemblyman and F. A. Abbctt
of this city for Sheriff.
SPIRITED CONTEST
IN MONTEREY COUNTY
school opens next week and the enroll
ment already amounts to more than last
year's. There are already sixty new pu
pil* on the roll and forty of them are from
high schools and normals.
Jealousy Thought to Be the
Cause of a Double
Crime.
BLOODHOUNDS
ON THE TRAIL
OF MURDERER
The bullet ' badly shattered the wind
pipe, and the woman wft] probably die.
Both Mr. and Mrs. Bullard ran from the
building, and a few seconds after two
frhots were heard in the saloon, and when
the officers arrived on the scene Bassman
was discovered lying in a pool of blood in
a dying condition. He had a bullet-hole
through his head and the revolver with
four chambers empty lying by his side.
Mrs. Rullard was removed to her home
rind everything possible is beins done to
save her life.
The tragedy occurred in the Chicago sa
loon and chophouse on Second street, con
ducted by the principals In the tragedy-
Messrs. Hassnyin and Bullard. There had
been ill-feeling between the partners for
some time, each one thinking the other
was robbing him. This morning about 10:30
Mrs. Billiard; who lives just across the
street from the chophouse, called and got
several pieces of cooking utensils, which
she intended using at home. As she was
leaving the chophouse Bassman attempted
to stop her, and when Mr. Bullard inter
fered Bassman whipped out a revolver
and fired two shots at him, one of them
grazing his face and making an ugly
wound. Bassman then turned the weapon
on Mrs. Bullard and fired, the shot pass
ing through her neck, Uurely missing the
jugular vein. . .
RENO. Kev., Sept. S.— A tragedy was
enacted this morning in this city, and as a
result one man is dead, a woman is at
death's door; with a bullet-hole through
her throat, and her husband is detained at
the County Jail, powder burned and
scared, awaiting a hearing of the case.
A Coroner's inquest was held this after
noon and brought forth the following
facts. Dr. Phillips was called and testi
iied as to the condition of the wound of
the dead man, saying that it would bo
very easy for a person to self-inflict such
a wound, and described how it could be
done. M. A. Billiard was then placed on
the stand and testified as follows:
"Baseman and myself opened the Chi
caso chophouse some two months ago,
and until to-day our business relation's
have been of the most pleasant character. |
Myself and wife had rented the Hewlett'
lodging house at the corner of Second
ami Center streets, and Mrs. .Bullard came
to the chophouse just before the tragedy
and asked for some dishes and cooking
utensils she wished to use.
"These were delivered to her. and as she
was j-bout to leave Bassman jumped from
his seat In the rear of the establishment
and essayed to stop her. 1 was behind
the bar at this time, and stepped forward
and asked what the trouble was, where
upon Bassman drew a revolver and fired
two shots at me. He then shot my wife
through the throat and finished up by
sending a bullet through his own brain,
causing almost instant death. As far as
1 know the whole trouble occurred
through by wife asking to take dishes and
cooking utensils to use in the lodging
house. Bassman <V>Jected and said they
belonged to him and then started shoot
ing."
Otto Hartung was called and testified in
substance that he met Bullard as he
rushed from the house, and after his exit
two more shots were heard in the room
Miss Quinn was culled and substantiated
the testimony of Uartung. The case be
ins: clear to the jury they returned a
verdict of suicide.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
SAX RAFAEL, Sept. 8.— The prelimin
ary hearing of J. E. King, charged with
the murder of S. H. Church at Two Rock
on July '2?i last, was commenced berore
Judge Rodden here this morning at 10:30
o'clock. King, through his attorneys,
Lennon & Hawkins, won first blood. At
torney Lennon objected to the sufficiency
of the complaint on the sround that it
was sworn to on information and belief
only. District Attorney Mclsaac prac
tically admitted the point well taken by
drawing a new complaint charging King
with murder and haying S. L. Stice swear
to it. King was rearreated by Sheriff
Taylor in the courtroom. The preliminary
hearing- was then proceeded with.
The lirst witness was the complainant,
S. L. Stlce, son-in-law of the deceased.
He testified that on the morning of the
shooting he found King at the barn
watering his horses and that he ordered
him away; that when he and Church'
afterward went to nail up the well near
King's camp they had a tew mbre words
and King- snot Church and took a shot at
him as he ran away. The defence called
many of the prosecution's witnesses and
drew their lire.
Ueorge Armstrong, who searched the de
serted camp after tne shooting, could only
find one empty rifle shell, and Sheriff
Grace of honoma testified that when he
took possession of King's l">-shot rltie it
contained fourteen loaded shells.
Ainqng other witnesses called wer^Mer
man Church. Mrs. Laura Stice. John Hen
shaw and Dr. .George lvancovitch. Her
man Churcn testified that his father wis
unconscious from the timo hi ulgiKjcl the
will until he died.
He was contradicted in this bv his sis
ter, Mrs. l^iura Stice, who testified that
he was fully conscious until his death.
Dr. lvancovitch recited a lot of ancient
Latin while describing the 3eath wound
of the deceased. The cas« was submitted
late this afternoon without comment and
Judge Rodden held the defendant to an
swer before the Superior Court without
bonds.
Complaint Found to Be Faulty, but
the Accused Man Is Eearrested
and Testimony Taken Be
fore Judge Kodden.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Scores a Momentary Tri-
in Preliminary
Examination."
KIKE IS HELD
FOR THE MURDER
OF S. H. CHURCH
With the exception of the Chinaman
who said he heard two shots fired the.
other pickers continue to stolidly reply.
'"No sabe" to all inquiries, and it Is not
likely that much more will be learned of
the matter until Wednesday morning.
Twenty-seven Chinamen are employed
at the Frazee yards. They are under the
supervision of ar. Intelligent boss kr.o'vn
a_s Wine. It was Winsr who broupht tho
now? cf the crime to town lust nigrht. H.-*
¦whs away at the time the deed was com
mitted, but returned about b o'clock and
lost no time in notifying the officers. One
of the Chinese pickers admitted to thf
officers that he had heard two shots tired
early in the evening, tent claims he at
tached no particular importance to the
fact.
Ah San came here only on Wednesday
from Petaluma and is said to have been
a very peaceable fellow. Coroner Fierce
held an inquest to-day, but beyond view
ins the remains and inspecting 1 the scene
of the crime nothing was done, the mat
ter being' continued until Wednesday,
v.hen a Chinese interpreter ¦will fce here
from San Francisco.
It i.* presumed "that the murder mu?t
have been committed about 7 o'clock In
the evening, for when the officers arrived
up<.n the scene shortly after 9 o'clock the
mar. had apparently not been dead more
than two hour?. The theory is that the
unfortunate man was= murdered as he lay
in his bed. When found the body was
lyins on the rude couch, with the bed
clothing drawn up around the neck an 1
tucked under with some pretension of
SANTA ROSA. Sept. S.— A brutal mur
der was committed In the Frazee hop
yards, near this city, last night. A Chi
nese liop-plcker named Ah Nan was killed
in his tent. When found the body was
lying on a couch. The top of the head
and forehead had been hacked to pieces
with a hatchet and the chin and threat
Flashed in a dozen places. :i long knife
with which the latter work was done still
slicking- from a jagrned wound in the si<Je
of the neck. On the other side of the
tent was a hatchet covered with blood,
and also a revolver with two empty cham
ber?. Both the !*tter were the property
of the murdered man. No clew hat- been
discovered. The theory of the officers is
that the man was first shot and as he
lay in his death agonies the murderer
mutilated his body.
Body "Was Horribly Mutilated and
the Officers Have as Yet Abso
lutely No Clew to Per
petrators of Deed.
Ah Nan, a Hop - Picker,
Killed While Asleep in
His Tent.
BRUTAL MURDER
OF A CHINAMAN
AT SANTA ROSA
Disagreement Between Business Associates
Leads to a Tragedg in a Nevada
Saloon.
SHOOTS PARTNER'S WIFE
AND COMMITS SUICIDE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 9, 1900.
25
0 Can Do Her Housework Now. § Li L 1 I ! I" \k I 1 1 1 lla fii 3 Kusband and Wife Cured. 5
® DR. T A. SANDEN-Dear Sir: I take ¦ now^is ed o£e f^yo^f Bel ts'for I'^hort Ural •
w pleasure In writing you a few lines to let nntra tunr * »*», v -rr\ and l can ¦*>" that lt **" sreatly relieved •
2 you know how I feel since I began wearing " uue.9 not ArrLT to me i n every particular, and. In fact, lt haa A
8 yOU \T\^ t-n .laaiy Pay that I feel a «. R A j| || II I" AH O riTnTiilft- II F I T SiffiS^^ ffl •
X "<-at Oeal b-tu-r, although I have worn the I I BJ \ A 11,1 R I fa till V Li Ba I I P 13 W la B 1 » l - I lay this to uslntr your Belt, and I ®
«T b.lt only about four w^i 5 . i am lota 1111- 08 Pa It! 3 1 II ?! II ll Til 1 Hill Hi 8 la will fay that If we could rot s*i another O
9 stronger now and ran do all my housework. U113 Vnit&fbli V LlaiaV i! 8911/ USaU SI Uk» It w« would not part with tt for any £
Q which I could not do before I got your Elec- . . sum. We will highly recommend your Belt a
A trie Belt. My appftlte Is pood and I sleep T af"^/— S TV/T^^T^TT'T . to all sufferers. Tours truly. X
g well. MRS. CURTIS MtLLEK. • Xt=?^-J^_-» JM.^J LJ JIj J_l. ._MH. AND 1 MRS. L. S. NORTON. •
© ' ' '
s ~~~~ • \/ |
I ¦ -xW^^^ sk. •
S My 8o-page book, contain- ,<r^!5^^^^^^^^2i?<. "^ ' *
% ing much valuable informa- /^^^^^^^?w '^^^^^\ * 5
f lion, the result of mv xo /&^^5W&^s^b&- J^^W^is -ru i i- j •
S vears' experience as a 'spe- .«I^^^^^^^?^11k The properly applied cur- o
| cialist. will be sent free for /WM^Sm^M^^fSS^x | ° f galvanic electricity |
§ the asking. Write for it to- A I^OR !? AMI/iIT/TO- S'^^f A '" USeS " eW " f * 't u' e f^ I
1 dav, or, be:ter still, call and #/f^^ 3 Wl^«4 S -^^OTl\ nerV °^ S P erso " S> lt bu "^ S 5
J see., me., examine the belt, 1/ WW^^^^^^^^W'-i I \l «P and strengthens in anal- j
I and receive' expert medica M 1) l&^^^ff^H^llUF^ " ra ' way , beca " ie ! | * e |
¦ | i|g|Si BEi #J^^^^^p^ s^ffiss?J£ 1S " fe §
S ill Inf 1 |J /Vtt r^ i^J uk. \\/ ii A/1 I f^J *
5 Si M. m. t*J a. V-r fix l>ri-<I^I x\i JL-/ tt V^xTml— il^l •
§ Who suffer from Rheumatism, Lame Back, Kidney Affection, Bladder Troubles, Debility, Paralysis, Sciatica, S
S Lumbago or Lack of Vital Force. Special Attachments for Ladies. §
1 Tl¥? HP A C A KTT^17Kr never sold in drugstores. t
2 U JTL X. JrLm i3 All U Juri 9 6 otarrell street, san francisco, cal. 5
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Is more common than we may think, if
we define gluttony as eating beyond the
bodv's need of sustenance and beyond
the "stomach's capacity for digestion and
assimilation of food. That is a fair
definition, and it fastens the name glut-
ton on many a person who -would resent
the term as an insult. The fact of this
gluttony is marked by its consequences.
The overloaded stomach becomes dis-
eased. The popular term for the condi-
tion is "weak" stomach. The «weak r
; stomach fails in furnishing adequate nu-
trition for the body, and soon the "weak-
ness " spreads from the stomach to other
organs.
Dr. Pierce' s Golden Medical Discovery
i cures diseases of the 6tomach and other
• organs of digestion and nutrition. It
enables the perfect assimilatioa of food,
by which alone the health and strength
of the body is maintained.
medicine helped me so much that I
cannot praise it too highly," writes Mrs. C. L.
Brooks, of Poland, Androscojfgin Co., Me. "The
first <Jose I took helped rue. I cannot forget
h'jw I felt when I took it ; I was Buffering every-
thing with indigestion, and mv stomach was so
bloated that it seemed as though it rau?t burst.
: My husband said he was going for the doctor,
; but I said if he would get me a bottle of the
'Goldeo Medical Discovery' I would try that.
! I had not taken it long when I felt relieved, and
have not had a touch of indigestion or stomach
: trouble since. I had been sick for four years,
and leas than four bottles cured me. Some
people that tn-w me before I began to take the
'Golden Medical Discovery* tell me that they
never saw such a change in any one, and they
al«o say they don't see how I can do such lartfe
! washings as I do cow, when I had not done a
. washing for so long."
Dr. Pierce's Pellets core biliousness.
GORGEOUS DISPLAY OF
FIREWORKS FREE !
GIVEN BY THE
N. S. G. W. Committee,
MONDAY EVE, at Fort Mason,
At the foot of Van Ness ave.
Nearly $30OO in Elaborate Set Pieces,
Rockets, Shells, -> ;
Ani all the latent .and most brilliant novelties
THE CALIFORNIA FIREWORKS COMPANY.
Who are supplying this display or California-
made fireworks, promise the grandest and meat
inspirine exhibition ever given on the Pacific
: Coast, and one that cannot be surpassed by
the mueh-advertlsed .Eastern manufacturers.
I Car» or the Sutter, Polk, California. Union.
Hyde and Flllmore street lines all pais within
a reasonable fllsfjce to _th« ground*. ¦£ ,
Automobiles for Coronado.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAX DIEGO. Sept. 8.— W. L. Tlbbala
will leave here to-morrow mornlns for
Chicago, where he will attend the big
automobile exhibition In the Interests of
the Coronado Beach Company. It la thf>
Intention of the management of the hotel
to purchase automobile buse3 and carry
them for the use of the big caravansary.
They will be used in making the trains on
this side of the bay and the carryalls will
be in use for the dally excursions of tho
puests of the hotel on their rides to La
Jolla. to the Old Mission, to Point Loma
and to the Mexican line. Quite a number
of them will be needed and all will be
heavy machines to take the place of tha
six and eight horse carryalls which are
now used.
MORE THAN' on
A BILLION De h cember
OF DOLLARS V*?
1g Mutual Life Insnrance Company
ofNewYorfc
RICHARD A. McCCRDY, Fresideiit
; HAD
$1,052,665,211 of Insurance la
force
It has paid policy-
holders since
1843 $514,117,945
and
Now holds in trust
for them 301,844,537
Careful Invest-"
m'ntS y.yr
Liberality to the * nMlt
PromP^Pay^nt.^HTTHESfc
of claims CDCIT
The most liberal bfttAI
form of Policv DCCI11TC
Loans to the In- KtiULI^
sored
Rsssrve LJablli'y D.*c 31, 1899
$248,934,609
Contingent Guarantee Fund
$47,952,548
For full particulars regarJfnj any
form of policy apply to
i. B. FORBES & SON,
General Agents,
MUTUAL LIFE BUILDING,
SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
IS!viAR~THFGYPSY
Marve'ous Revelations of the
Future as Weil as Facts
Told of the Past.
CROWDS CONSULT HER
The San Francisco public have so often
l*<*ri humbugged by charlatans In the
pulse of Clairvoyants and Palmists that
they cannot fail to appreciate and visit
It consultation Ismnr. the celebrated
Egyptian Sec-rc-ss. whose marvelous gift
of foresight has made her the -wonder of
In her chosen work she is truly mar-
veicus. She tells of events in your pa^t
life Iotijj ago forgotten. As for the future,
fhe 4ri»s aside the mystic veils and Klvc-p
you a correct insight thereto. She sets
the worried n:ir.d at ease; tells of losses
and achievements yet to come; how to
avert dlfatier. iur.d aJso locates beyond
the shadow of a doubt the seat of any
physical ailment with which one is af-
fiicted. The great journals throughout
-America ha\e published so many incidents
of her fores:s?it that ft xvould be but use-
less repetition to epeals of them here.
Ifrr.fir can be consulted daily and Sun-
£ayf from 10 a. m. to 5 p. m. at her office,
Hi* Market ttrett. opposite Sixth.
aeeeeoeeoeeooeeoeeGoee
I Cleveland 1
I Bicycles I
• ©
• o
o o
o ON EXHIBITION •
O m
| AT |
I LEAV1TT & BILL, |
S 309 LARKIN ST. §
e&ooeoeooe<te®oeoeoes£9
fV\T'*Si i~!l "~* "^ a.
Mm
.BdttlkUj tI.z distillery
Vse</ m tie MeS/cd/Pepdrfmenfs cftfie
U.S. ARMY 8r NAVY Service
William Wolff $ co.
"Sax Framcisco, distributors.
£r~eT cf /m.Y<a?;cr?s e~ ff///e* BoftZes.
— f
BELT. / 1\ > BEST.
\Te have belt* as low as J5, easie as others
*e.l at rruch hisher prices, but they are not
"DR. FIERCE S." If you want the EKST. a
t>«!t tfcat •UI cure without medicine, v/cn't
till to i p.ecf-3 in a short time, and which may !
"Ifl PIERClfs'''" 8 I " iCe * y ° U mU->t haVe
w/i aI l » r »*il d a : - cent «ai=p for -BOOKLET
XO. 2. Adtirc-ss:
PIERCE ELECTRIC CO.,
62O Market Street. Ean Francisco
Or 1145 Kroa-iltva}-, x e w York City.
N. S. g7^
EMBLEMATIC CARDS 75c per 100, |
For Sale at 504 Post St., I
Around the corner from N. S. G. W K
bulld'.nc ' \i
jtfi&b^ Han Franr!»co. A'jr. *6. ly*)
OZs£\ To Whom if May Concern
\ ~^& This Is to certify that I has.
Kg J be*Ti FUff»rir.e for several yean
F? T* 9 r» g t from disordered stomach.
VC X liver *n<l kidneys. In addUion.
_jC.Cf?K J became almoet totally tllnd
«-^5*v*V^3tT ' M *- under th " '¦are of •.:.•
*Tjs'X7f l " ' i\ V I"' 5 - 1 •"min^Rt oculi«ta ir. ti,s^
"WfStilibtJt* city for about three years. 1
»a* nut benefited In the least by their treat-
ment. I have t^en under the treatment of I>r.
V. ong Woo. 7">5-«« <'lay ftr«-et. for the pas-t s'.x
weeks, ond thcuith 1 am ri'jv T4 yenrs cf ajje ir.v
*ight bas been restore through M* trearment
cf the etomaeh. and I feel «» we!l us at any
time <!urir.g the past ten years.
' JOS. K. WATKINS.
ESS Third street. S. K.. Cal.
DB. HALL'S EEINY!G0RATORgjT3]g3
Fn« htioireC reward for any f£f^t££$i
case we cacnot cure. Thia aecret K"™ 3 J3
remedy stop* all lofesea In 24 bouri. B rwjS
cures i:rr.!is!cr:s, Impotency. Varl- gf*j bjj%
rocele. Goncrrho**. Gleet. Fits. fWr twirl
Strictures. Iv *t Manhood and alt [SM UkM
wa*t:nc efl»rta of «lf-abu B « or HgBin
? xcetr.ee. Sent sealed. *2 bottle: X E» l w*^
bottles. J5: Ruaranteed to cure tcjr ca»« At-
<r«« HAI.VS MEDICAL INSTITUTE hit
Jlroadway. Oakland, ral. Also tor eale at 10.S4
Market rt.. S. F. All private dlccases quickly
cured. Eesd tcr tree book.
M 4*^&HB^* ss f^£'% reraedr for Gonorrhoea.
«leet. Spermatorrhoea.
' ajM-w in 1 u> l *»r»- y& "hltea, nasots'i! ii#»
rtflkM Gcar»ot«4 g r!:a r g»n. or s.ny infli — ma»
H«w¥ net » txrumr*. lioo.', irritation or ui.erv
R>_2rRK»ti enuHw. tion of sa noons nieak*
K^ftTKt£v/lKsCH£llin«lC3. bra.ne«. Hao-— tringent. .
\8£2v 0. r. a 7>Sr or *" Dt (a P la!n i
|lJl». or £ bottle S2.7X
ip Olxcuat *"¦* nri n^r '1%
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIAXA BITTERS. THE
rreat Mexican remedy; elves health and
••jresfth to cexuaJ orftiii. Depot, IIJ iUrkct.
THE EMPORIUM. / | THE EMPORIUM.
I ¦'
I 3
I . The big store wall fee |
8 I
I closed all day Monday. £
% • 3
I Opem for bmsaness Tmes- |
I day, 8 a, m., on which %
I day 2S 9 000 foeaiatafiiJ son- |
\ vemars wail 3 be giyeini away : ;
i ' %
g to visitors. S
5 ' ft
£> m £
i CALIFORNIA'S LARaEST-AfllERICA-S CRANDEST STORE. »
K 5GEBHABD HAUPTMANN.
The Sheriffs of the State, in annual session, have
given us a new genesis of the tramp. - He is an un
ruly boy sent out to hustle for himself. No one will
be more surprised at the definition than perhaps the
tramp.
The young man who used two revolvers in an effort
to blow out his brains must have been deluded by
some phrenologist into an exaggerated notion of his
brain capacity.
A climax of horror seems to have been reached at
Cape Nome. Destitution has become so general that
men can find no profit even by preying upon one
another.
WORTH ONE CENT.
One Man's Character.
San Francisco Call Pays the Price of
Santa Barbara (Cal.) Press.
Some time ago a dapper youth. Charles
"Williams by name, made his appearance
in the San Francisco social world and pro
ceeded to cut a big splurge. This he did
for a time and finally succeeded In becom
ing engaged to a maiden whose father
counted his money by" dollars like other
people count theirs by cents. A few days
previous to the wedding the San Francisco
Call discovered that Williams was not
what he cracked himself up to be, and ac
cordingly published an article showing
him up in his proper light. The wedding
was Indefinitely postponed and young "Wil
liams was promptly ostracized.
"Williams brought suit against The Call
in the Circuit Court before a Jury for
defamation of character. In other words,
he asked the jury to put a price on his
character. Last Monday The Call placed
with the clerk of the Circuit Court a certi
fied check for one cent, in full settlement
of the verdict. Insult was added to Injury
a little later when Williams had to pay
.the costs.
HERE IS ANOTHER SUGGESTION.
Editor The Call: As a foreigner so
journing In your beautiful city may I be
permitted to make a suggestion as to a
fitting Inscription for the handsome Band
S^nd, so liberally given by one of your
most public-spirited citizens, Mr. Claus
Spreckels? '¦ ,
The lines thought of are quoted from
"Cue for Music on Saint Cecilia s Day,
by Pope, and are:
"Hark, the numbers soft and clear
Gently steal upon the ear;
Now louder, and yet louder rise.
And nil with spreading sounds the skies:
Exulting in triumph now swell the bold notes.
In broken air. trembling, the wild music floats
Till by degrees, remote and small.
The strains decay.
And melt away
In a dying, dying fall.
"ny music minds an equal temper know,
Nor swell too hlnh. nor sink too low.
If In the breast tumultuous Joys arise.
Music her soft assuasive voice applies;
Or when the soul is pressed with cares
Exalts her in enlivening airs.
Warriors she fires with animated sounds.
Pours balm Into the bleeding lover's wounds;
Melancholy lifts her head,
Morpheus rouses from his bed.
Sloth unfolds her arms and wakes,
Listening Envy drops her snakes;
Intestine war no more our passions wage.
And giddy factions hear away their rase."
Faithfully,
ANDRE IVAXCOVICH.
Over Mr. Hearst's Signature.
The San Francisco Examiner said, over
Mr. Hearst's signature. November 10, 1B96:
"The vote of this election* Is a vote
of approval for the war and tne principle
of expansion.- It is both. right and reason
able that the administration which, de
spite some mistakes, carried this glorious
war to a successful conclusion Bhould re
ceive a vote of confidence. It is both right
and reasonable that the policy of expan
sion, ever. the policy of the American peo
ple since Jefferson annexed the Loulsi
anaa, ehould receive che approval of the
American voters, Republican and Demo
cratic." — Exchange. * .-,....¦..-
Salem Statesman.
A FAMOUS VEBDICT.
A reputation estimated by a jury at one
cent, with the privilege of paying the costs
of having tho appraisement made, 19
scarcely a valuable asset In either the
business or social world. Such was the
verdict of the Jury In the damage case of
Charles A. Williams, the South African
mlne y owner, against the San Kranclsco
Call for Its attack upon him two years
ago, made, as The Call said at the time,
"to protect an Innocent girl from the
clutches of a villain and to rid society of
an offensive member." Contrary to th«
usual practice In such cases. Tho Call had
nothing to say about the matter prior to
and during the trial, thus honoring by Us
breach the custom of making' damage
suits serve as an advertisement for th©
paper against which they are brought.
' * VER fince accepting the nomination for the
Presidency Bryi'n has done his best to uphold
— * the declaration of the Kansas City platform
concerning the "paramount issue" of the campaign.
Tie has dodged the money question as nimbly as he
could and has said little or nothing about trusts to
disturb the ice monopoly of New York and the Wclls-
Fargo Express Company. His efforts, however,
have met with indifferent success. In the Eastern
States the people persist in holding him to his free
silver record; in the South, where nearly everybody
is an expansionist, they mock at his paramount
babble, and it now appears that even in the Missis
sippi Valley States the managers of his campaign
have found it necessity to make the fight along some
other line than the one they started on.
A recent report from Chicago announces that
Chairman Jones and his associates of the Democratic
National Committee have put into circulation about
30,000,000 documents on the "paramount" issue, but
have found the people more or less indifferent to
them. The Bryan literary bureau has therefore been
set to work to prepare documents on another issue,
and it has selected the trusts as the object of attack.
The report says: "The Democratic managers imagin
that they are preparing a masked battery. They are
secretly printing millions of pamphlets and leaflets
upon the trust question, which they intend to put into
the mails about September 10, but both the contents
of these documents and their quantity are perfectly
known to the Republican generals, who will have their
own literary artillery trained to meet and silence this
Democratic volley as sure as it is discharged. This
plan to switch from 'imperialism' to trusts is only
another example of the rapidity with which Bryan is
ready to shift from one utterance to another."
It is certainly high time for the Bryanites to make
a change of some kind. Up to this time the only ef
fect of the campaign against so-called "imperialism"
has been to demoralize the silver forces, which con
stitute the main strength of the Bryan movement.
Many of the stanchest silver men of 1896 have refused
to follow Bryan since he undertook to sidetrack the
A VARIEGATED CAMPAIGN.
The prospect of the future is bright. The cam
paign will soon be over. Bryan will be out of poli
tics and politics will b« out of the field of American
activity. Then the fall revival of industry will begin.
Capital will seek investments and homescekers will
be looking for a place to settle. The golden showing
of our banks will then attract the attention of the en
terprising, and the year to come will make an even
better showing of prosperity than that over which we
now rejoice.
One of the significant features of the subject is
that this increase has taken place at a time when there
were many adverse influences operating upon the
rural industries of the State. There had been a scries
cf dry years, which seriously impaired the fertility of
field?, vineyards and orchards, and, moreover, the
farmer had hardly made up for the low prices of farm
products following the depression of the panic of 1893.
That so much of improvement is noted in a single
year, under such circumstances, may be taken as a
conclusive proof of the solid foundation upon which
our prosperity rests.
.Within the State there are 178 commercial banks,
53 savings banks, 37 rational banks and 19 private
banks. The greatest gain in deposits has been in the
savings banks, and that in itself is an encouraging
fact, since it proves that the wage-earners and per
cens of moderate means have shared abundantly in
the prosperity of the time. When the welfare of labor
is assured, that of the whole community follows of it
self. The augmented deposits in the savings banks
mean that the workers of the State have been able to
pay off old debts, live better than before, and Ftill
esve more than ever by way of providing for the fu
ture.
rIGURES compiled from reports made to the
State B^nk Commissioners show that since July
31, 1899, the deposits in California banks have
increased by the sum cf $22,973,693. That showing is
an effective refutation of the calamity arguments of
the Bryanites, but it has a value greater than that.
Political discussions will be over in a month or two,
and then will come a time when people will begin to
talk business again. Then the record of the increase!
savings and deposits of our people will be an en
coaTagernent for new enterprises in all lines of trade
scd industry.
SNCREflSED BflNK DEPOSITS.
Then tho poor old soul wept as If her
heart would break.— Chicago Tlmcs-IIcr
ald.
"No. Last week T saw a piece In our
farm paper that said if I sent a dollar I
could find out how to Ret rid of rats and
roaches. I sent the dollar."
"Yes?"
"Here's what they •wToto back: 'ilova
away.* "
"David."
"Yes. Martha."
"Something dreadful has happened."
There was a tremor in her voice an>1
the old man straightened up. He noticed
that she held a letter.
"What's wrons?" he asked. "Is any 0*
the children sick?"
ONE MORE UNFORTUNATE.
ONE of the unexpected results of the worl I's
competition at the Paris Exposition is the an
nouncement that the Jewish colonists in Pales
tine have obtained a gold medal for exhibits of wine
and cf grape brandy, and a silver medal for fruit trees
and fruit.
There has been a good deal of scoffing at* all at
tempts to settle Jewish colonists upon the lands of
the ancient home of their race. The scoffers have as
serted that the soil of Palestine is exhausted and in
capable of making a profitable return for any exten
sive cultivation, and that the Jewish race is not fitted
for agriculture. Assuming their assertions to be true,
they have concluded that a Jewish colony would fail
at farming anywhere, that any colony would fail at
farming in Palestine, and that a Jewish colony farm
ing in Palestine would have to quit after the second
year and start life over again as dealers in rags and
junk.
. The success achieved at Paris by the agriculturist's
in such a high grade of farm work as that of produc
ing wines and fruits is sufficient to prove that the
scoffers are likely to have the laugh turned against
them. Palestine was once one of the richest countries
in the world so far as soil is concerned, and its pro
duction in the way of grapes astonished the Hebrews
even after their long experience on the rich soil of
Egypt- The destruction of forests has largely but not
wholly destroyed the old-time richness of the Pales
tine hills and valleys. There remains a basis upon
which to restore something at least of the old-time
fertility, and upon that the Jewish colonists arc
building. That they arc having an encouraging
amount of success is proven by their exhibits at
Paris, and it is quite probable the future may see a
wealth of production there which will startle many
folks who have believed no good can come out of
Nazareth.
HORTICULTURE IN PALESTINE.
FUZZY ENDS OF BRYAN'S
SO-CALLED EPIGRAMS
>
So- Called Epigrams Front Bryan's Address at Keyser Repro
duced From THE EXAMINER With Comments by
Dr. E. A. Bohm.
"I practiced lair until I became so busy prosecuting the Republican
party for grand larceny that I did not have time to defend people
charged with petty larceny."
•*^*~ Answer— This gave you plenty of time to prove and more
so to show your ability. If Colonel Roosevelt ever really ac
cused Democrats of cowardice, do you get even by calling
Republicans grand larcenists?
"I want all the avenues kept open «o that every child born into the
world will have something to hose for."
JtJfli Answer— Democrats have always given hope. Republi
cans have given prosperity and opportunities to every child
born into the part of the world we call the United States.
"This Republican system of private monopoly la condemning the
1 ' young men to perpetual clerkship."
Answer— Therefore Coxey aimles have been extinct! no
need of crying out for work.
"If the Republican policy continues you will be pounded until you do
T->RStrmiS 'enough.' "
"^ -^ . Answer— If the Republican policy continues you will be
pounded until you do holler "Enough."
TTT"VPTM1 '•The poor men will furnish sons for the army, but th« contractors
-* 1J p^ ly and the exploiters will reap the profits."
f Answer— Bryan's father furnished a son for the array, a
Ui poor colonel, who contracted that honor to exploit and reap
SUGGBSSi profits for political reasons.
A reputation estimated by a Jury at ona
cent, with the privilege of paylr.fr the
costs of having the appraisement made, is
scarcely a valuable asset in either tho
business or social world. Such was the
verdict of the jury In the damage case ot
Charles A. "Williams, the South African
mine owner, against The Call for Its at
tack upon him two years ago, made, as
The Call said at the time, "to protect an
innocent girl from the clutches of a vil
lain and to rid society of an offensive
member." Contrary to the usual practice
in such cases. The Call had nothlr.gr tr>
say about the matter prior to and during
the trial, thus honoring by Us breach th«
custom of making damage suits serve ast
nn advertisement for the paper against
which they are brought.
(San Jbse Mercury.)
WTLT.TATYTS' PENNY. REFUTA
TION. '
denunciation, and then, by violent contor
tions of foather and by shrill cries of half
chulted expostulation. Society tries to
friphten away both specter and specter
summoner. Hut thi3 will not do to-day;
like Banquo's ghost, they will not down,
and I for one take off my hat to the brave
few who. like Dr. Jordan on the platform
and Hauptmann on the stafce. force us to
think about these questions and to try
and find for them an adequate solution.
Death and taxes are inevitable; these ex
cepted. two-thirds of human ills are
remediable— but only when we have the
courage to face them.
Hauptmann's mqst poetical play, "The
Sunken Bell." has gone through twenty
five editions in Germany and has run the
I round of all the principal theaters there.
Its failure when produced last sprinp in
New York by Mr. Soth«rn Is not entirely
due to our American refusal to take our
I theater seriously, but is partly attributa
ble to our natural lack of interest In the
folklore of a foreign nation and partly to
defects in the dramatic treatment. Sym
bolism is a dangerous element In a play;
it requires the nicest handling to make it
effective, and when freely employed, as
In "Maeterlinck." is sure to Induce ob
scurity. Now "The Sunken Bell" is full of
xymbollsm. and w.orse than this, a per
sonal symbolism that has no Interest for
those iknorant of the fact that the bell
which sank in the mountain lake is rup
po=ed to typify Hauptraann's historical
drama. "Florian Geyer"— a failure. The
strength of the play lies in the character
ization and in the beautiful lyrical pas
sages in which It abounds. Miss Mueller
pives the ptory at somewhat tedious
length; Mr. Archer, who saw the play at
Frankfort, has a plot statement briefer
and better proportioned. • • • Hem
rich, a famous bell founder, has macla a
great bell for a church which haa been,
built at the top of a mountain. As It la
being drapged up the mountainside a ma
licious satyr upsets the cart, tho bell toUa
down Into the depths of the lake and tha
bell founder either falls or throws him
self after it. Not Into the lake, however;
he falls into the arms of Rautenrieleln.
"an eUln creature." a sort of dryad or
nixie, who lives with hf>r witch grand
mother In the forest. The Priest, th^
Schoolmaster and the Barber carry him
off to his home In the valley, whore his
wife and two children awaJt him; but h*
i* on the point of dyinjr when liautende
lein comes down and breathes new Hfe
; Into him. He follows her up the moun
tain, and for some time flourishes sreatly.
H? is full of vast plans for artistic effort
and the regeneration of hi;manity; but
somehow or other (one do«3 not qtiitft
know why, for the machinery of the p^em
Is as vapue as its ethics) his plans all co
¦wronpr and he sickens of everything. Th»
1 end comes when he sees hla two children
toiling up the mountain earrylr.s betweea
them a heavy pitcher:
Heinrich— "What bear ye in the pitcher,
dear, my children?
Kirst Child— Salt water.
Second Child— Bitter water.
First Child— Mother's tears.
At the same moment the voice «f th*
sunken bell booms forth from the depths
of the lake: Heinrich casts oft Rautende
lein with curses and flees down the moun
tain. In the last act Heinrich comes back
to seek Rauthedelein and die. and th-i
plav ends with a really exquisite lyrical
colloquy between them.
What we should like to know, however, is exactly
how "Buggy Robe" S:.m got in with Phelan. If our
correspondent will ascertain this and send us word
¦we will promise to make only confidential use of the
information. Mere sycophancy, nor yet a buggy
robe, would never gain the favor of Phelan. That
autocrat demands Knight service, and a description
cf the nature of the yoke with which he has enci-cled
Eraunhart's neck would make an excellent story.
We believe that Colonel Jim O'Brien named the
sycophantic Supervisor "Buggy Robe" Braunhart.
But that has nothing to do with the appropriateness
of the appellation. Colonel O'Brien names every
body. It was he who gave the late Senator Donovan
his title of "Pickle" Donovan and Max Popper the
.designation of "Street Sweeping Max." Our cor
respondent will probably remember that Popper was
fct one time a partner with Buckley in a street sweep
ing contract, and that later he paid Martin Kelly and
Phil Crimrr.ins $600 a month for the privilege of
keeping the same contract under a boodle Board of
Supervisors controlled by them.
Braunhart is a pap-sucking politician. He lives by
cff.ee seeking, nnd the principles he professes are all
besed upon 2. desire to serve the people in some po
sition to which a salary is attached. To him, there
fore, a political boss possessing power to confer pap
it always an object of interest. During Buckley's
reign Braunhart pastured on husks. That boss sized
the little sycophant up at his true value — which is
nothing — and persistently declined either to give him
zn o5ce or to aid him in getting one. In order tc
placate the boss, it is ?a:d, Braunhart presented him
with an expensive whip and buggy robe. Buckley
luid just made a vulgur display of his wealth by pui
chasing a fine equipage, and the gift went home.
Lraunhart was immediately taken into the fold arid
became an obedient lamb.
A CORRESPONDENT at the Potrcro, who
says he desires to keep posted on current events
in politics, writes asking us to explain our rea
tons for referring to Supervisor Braunhart as
•'Buggy Robe" Sam. Of course this is history. At
best, however, it is trivial history, and ordinarily we
would answer our correspondent by suggesting that
he address his question to Colonel Jirn O'Brien,
Supervisor Charley Kced. "Street Sweeper" Popper
< r some other person familiar with the reign of Boss
Buckley in this city. But Braunhart's late "reform"
I retensions seem to justify us in making a public
explanation of the origin of the name.
"BUGGY ROBE" SfJM.
Now. if tho object of dramatic art be
onlv to amure, it is evident that there is
no place in it for such a play as this, for
a more horrible subject cut hardly be
imaidned. But if the draira'ist may not
be denied the privilege of teaching granted
to the novelist and the i-ssayist. then such
a theme as that in "Refore Sunrise" 13
a proper subject for dramatic treatment,
rnd tho only question is: Has the dram
atist made his play interesting and has he
correctly solved the moral problem which
he presents? Yes, he has done both. The
interest is inherent in fche nature of the
question, hereditary alcoholism, which for
sill its admitted horribleness is a pressing
problem in that most vital and most mod
ern science. Sociology; the solution is cor
rect, for though the death of Helen is ter
rible, six times more terrible would have
bern her living to give life to half a dozen
children, each infected with the taint of
hereditary alcoholism.
When confronted with the specter of
such a question a.s this Society is apt to
hide Its head, ostriehlike, in the sand of
Hauptmann has two distinct manners —
the naturalistic and the idealistic. The
former is the expression of his fellow
feeling for the poor and the oppressed;
thu latter, of hi3 poetic temperament,
pure and simple. Classified accordingly,
nis best plays fall edslly into two di
visions; in the one come "Uefore Sunrise,"
'.ThO festival of Peace." '•L.onrly Lives."
"The Weavers" and '•Driver Henschel";
in the other "Hanm'le's Ascension to
Heaven" and "The Sunken Hell." Of
"Lonely Lives" and "The Weavers" I
have given some account upon former oc
casions; "Before riunrlse" may therefore
briefly detain us to-day. The plot as
plven by Miss Mueller is as follows: Loth,
a socialist; a man of badges, pledges und
principles, comes to a mining district near
Berlin to study the condition of the
miners. At the house of his former col
lege friend Hofmann he meets his friend's
sister-in-law Helen, a pure and lonely
flower rooted in the foul soil of an In
fested home. She is the youngest daugh
ter of a peasant, who, after suddenly be
coming rich through the opening of a
mine on his land, had, like all his neigh
bors, taken to drinking, and at the open
ing of the drama had degenerated into a
mere beast. The young people fall in love
with each other, and when Loth hears
that Helen's father is a drunkard and
that her sister has inherited this vice he
leaves Helen, sacrificing the splendid
creature for a future hypothetical race of
young Loths. Helen then despairs of life
and kills herself.
It Is one of the crudest facts in this
stupid world that nearly every thinker
who is in advance of his age wastes ten
or fifteen of the best years of his life in
vain attempts to get a hearing. To this
rule Hauptmann is one of the few happy
exceptions. Hla first play, "Vor Sonnen
nufgang" ('•Before Sunrise"), written
when he was only 26, was far too uncon
ventional to be accepted at any subven
tior.ed the.-iter; It might, therefore, never
hnvft pot beyond the manuscript stage had
it not happened that just about this time
there was formed in Berlin an associa
tion known as the Freie Buehne (Free
Stage), the object of which was to encour
age originality in dramatic productions.
The Frelc Buehne produced "Before Sun
rise"; it was received with a storm of
mingled applause and -vituperation violent
as that which, sixty years before, had
raged around the devoted head of Victor
Hugo's "Herr.ani."
has to-day only four,' it may be
not unprofitable to follow Mips Mueller a
little distance into the field that she has
opened up for us.
OERHART HAUPTMANN, the Ger
man playwright, is the subject of
an appreciative study in the Sep
tember Atlantic by Margarethe
Mueller. As we have no dramatic
poets of our own, and as Europe
The letters from which these conclusions are
drawn were received from Illinois. Kentucky, Ohio,
Kansas, Minnesota, Nebraska. South Dakota, North
Dakota and Montana. They are therefore fairly rep
resentative of the whole of the central portion of the
Union lying between the Rockies and the Alleghany
Mountains. Some of the strongest evidences of pros
perity come from Bryan's own State. Such argu
ments need no speaker to expound them. Prosperity
is an issue which the intelligence of the American
people perceives of itself, and, moreover, that intelli
gence has learned by experience how to value pros
perity when it sees it.
For the purpose of obtaining up to date facts con
cerning the conditions of that section the Republican I
National Committee recently sent out letters to a I
large number of representative business men asking '.
how the financial affairs of their communities com- '
pared with those of five years ago. A summary of
the replies shows that savings and commercial de
posits have increased from 50 to 120 per cent since j
1806; that municipalities are able to borrow money j
at a rate averaging more than one-half of one per
cent less than in 1896; that farm values in most sec- |
tions have almost doubled; that about 50 per cent of |
farm mortgages have been paid up, and the re- 1
mainder renewed only with "prepayment'' privilege? j
and at lower interest rates; and that from 20 to 25 j
per cent of the debtor classes, to whom 'Bryan four I
years ago vainly appealed with his dishonest propos*
tions for cutting in two the value of money leg?l»
tender in payment for debts, are now actually lending
money in competition with the business men writing
these letters.
The prosperity of the time is so notable among
the seaboard States of both the Atlantic and the Pa
cific that there is not the slightest prospect of Rry?n
carrying any of them. His fight is to carry enough of
the States of the Middle West to make up with the
solid South a majority of the Electoral College.
Even in that section of the Union, however, the pre
vailing prosperity is so great it is doubtful if the
calamity candidate will get as large a vote as he did
four years ago.
Four years ago the workingmen and the business
men of this country were almost at the end of their
resources. The long years of industrial and com
mercial depression following the panic of 1893 had
about exhausted the savings of the workers and the
capital of the merchants. Bryan's promise of an easy
way to pay old debts bv reducing the standard of
value of the currency was then a very direful threat
ii'deed. It was not known how far the people suf
fering from a lack of work and wages «vould be de
ceived by it, and as a consequence something like .1
paralysis of trade was upon the country for months.
The very day Bryan's defeat was made known the
mills began to resume work. Since then there has
been such an activity in all lines of industry as was
never known before. Our home market has been
profitable to producers of all sorts o? goods, and In
addition thereto there has been found a way to ex
pand our foreign commerce to an extent undreamed
of four years ago. Those facts are fresh in the minds
of the people. There is no desire for a return of
calamity. We have hsd enough of that for the rc.;t
of the life of this generation.
STATESMEN and politicians are talking of the
Philippine question and the money question, but
it is probable that after all the sup. cine issue in
the minds of the people is that presented by the con
trast between the conditions of workingtnen and
business men in 1896 and those which prevail to-day.
General Prosperity isn't much of a talker, but his
silence is of the kind called golden and its influence
felt in every American home is more potent than the
eloquence of all the calamity orators from the Pa
cific to the Atlantic.
THE PRESERVATION OF PROSPERITY
SUNDAY SEPTEMB ER 9, vpn
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Acd-ess A'l Communications to W. S. LEAKE. Manager.
MANAGER'S OFFICE .' .^^T<H^plio»ie^r«^«^204
rtULICATlOS OFFICE.. JUnrUet nnd Third. S. F. |
Telephone Tress 201.
CDITOIUAL ROOMS. ...217 «© 221 SleTtnioa St.
Trlrplione -Frea* 2O2.
Delivered I.t dtrrlorn. 15 Onf« Per Week.
*!n^l- Coplr*. 5 Cent*.
Terms '•> Mnll. InrloillBe I'ostac**
DAILY CAI-t. 'including Far.3ay). ens year $M* i
r>A!LT CALL <5nc!ud!r.R Fur.i'.ay). C months ».V>
I>AILY CALL tineJ-j'Vr.j: Sunday). 3 month* l.M
DAILY CALU— Hv KJr.Rle Mouth «5<?
FIM-AT CALL, Or* Vf«- 1-M
UEEKLT CALL Ore Year L<X>
All poiimailera nre nnthorlted to recelTe
• uburrljit Ion*.
t*.r . * ccpiea wiil be forwarded when requc-itel.
Kail rjbscrlbers In oraertr.g: change of a<J<!r»si should b» |
p*..-t;cu'.Er to give bcih NEW AND OLD ADDRESS la order j
to Insure a. prcr^rt <tnd correct compliance with their request.
o.'.iii..i.Mj OFFICE 111S Oroadnrajr
GEORGE C .KROSNESS.
h'trt~er Fo-e^n Advertising, Varquette Building. Ch : C22o. •
<L«enc Dlrlance Telephone "Central M13."l
San Francisco opens all her dcors to those who
throng her streets to join in the celebration. She
has arrayed herself for the most magnificent festival
of her history, and in the glory of banners and the
ftarry splendor of innumerable lights displays the
jubilation she feels «ri receiving all California within
her gates. It is a time for exultation, for music and
for cheers, and everywhere in the city, from the ferry
to the cliff that overlooks the ocean, the joyous visit
ors will find occasion and opportunity to give voice
to the gladness, of their hearts in celebrating Califor
nia's jubilee.
To-day we can with gratification challenge the
world to show a land where industry is more amply
rewarded, where labor has better wages, where thrift
has more varied opportunities to prosper, where all
classes are more closely affiliated, where homes are
fairer or the home life sweeter than in California.
Humanity has attained here its highest level of civili
zation. The fruitful scil is not more prolific of fruits
and flowers than is society of brave men and fair
women. Among no ether people is there such hos
pitality of welcome to all or such geniality of social
intercourse. It is the land of lands in beauty and in
wealth — and the best land of all to work in, to play
in and to live in.
Out of this awakened spirit of State loyalty and
pride there will *omc an intelligence which will recog
nize and appreciate at their true value the larger in
terests of California. Such great issues as those of
irrigation, the preservation of forests, the conserva
tion of streams, the improvement of rivers, the de
velopment of better systems of municipal government;
and the advancement of manufacturing and commer
cial industries will occupy much of the thought and
engage much of the energy which in the past have
been given almost "wholly to local issues. California
patriotism will come to mean something more than a
willingness to celebrate Admission day. It will sig
r.ify a readiness among the people to work together
for the common good ?nd for the greater glory of tht
State and the Union.
It is right and proper that the achievements of Cali
fornia in the first fifty years of her statehood should
be celebrated with an ardor universal among her peo
ple. Her pioneers, her native sons and daughters,
and her children by adoption, have reason to rejoice
in her prosperity and her greatness. There is no
vanity in such jubilation as this, for it is not founded
upon emptiness or a mere conceit of superiority. It
is an outcome of a recognition of the thousand advan
tages which Californians enjoy over those whose
homes are fixed in other lands, and a consciousness
of the prevalence throughout the State of a feeling ot
patriotism among the people which assures a future
even more brilliant th.in the past.
The pioneers who laid broad and deep the foun
dations of the civilization of the State were worthy of
the mighty task committed to their hands. By the
arduous proof of things done they have attested their
right to the honor which Californians of all genera
tions, present and to conic, will give them, in tradi
tion, song and history. They knew how to employ
in the service of humanity every rich resource of cli
mate a:id of soil, an.i already the State is renowned
not more ior the gold that veins the mountains than
for the luxuries of wine, fruit and oil that blossom
?.nd ripen in vineyards and orchards. Hampered by
adverse conditions of traffic and transportation, these
same pioneers have provided the beginnings of a
varied industry along all lines of arts and crafts from
music to iron molding, and from the studios of art
ists and the shipyards of the artisans have come forth
masterpieces of beauty and of strength, that rightly
rank among the best that the marvelous century has
produced.
Were the full importance of the admission of Cali
fornia as a free State duly known to all Americans
the celebration would be national. The East would
rejoice as cordially as the West. It would be a day
which ill the estimation of patriots would rank second
only to the glorious Fourth of July, for it was a day
which assured to the nation and to freedom a State
of commanding importance, fronting on the greatest
of oceans and possessing the richest and most varied
resources of any equal area of land on the face of the*
globe. It opened to the East of the Atlantic coast
a golden gate to the older East of China and India.
It made the republic truly continental, and gave to
patriots a field of activity broad enough for the reali
zation of their highest aspirations and most splendid
dreams.
CALIFORNIA awakes this morning to the fif
tieth anniversary of her admission to the
' political rights of a State in the American
Union. The celebration of the event virtually began
yesterday, and is to continue to-morrow and the day
after to-morrow. It is to be a four-day festival— the
greatest in our annals and one of the most notable in
American history.
silver question, and little or nothing has been gained
to offset the loss. It is therefore not unlikely there
Will be a complete adoption of the plan proposed by
David Bennett II ill — that of making the fight on dif
ferent issues in different parts of the country. Democ
racy will make a variegated campaign. In the East
it will be said the money question is not at issue; in
the West it will be said free silver is the chief issue;
in the Mississippi Valley the clamor will be for the
suppression of trusts, and in the South the cry will
be "anything to beat McKinlcy."
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 9, 1900.
26
THE FIRST OF GERMAN POETS
AND PLAYWRIGHTS
CALIFORNIA'S JUBILEE.
An Important Announcement.
To accommodate the citizens of Stockton an1
the San Joaquin Valley the Santa Fe rout's
will Hart their Bakersf.el^ local from San
Francisco at 19 p. m- on Sunday. Monday an1
Tuesday nights instead or S p. m., tha usual
leaving time.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Discount on Books
Current literature, fictldn,
standard authors, belies
ltttrcs, children's books.
,-::i Mail orders filled.
ELDER &~SHEPARD,
Paulsen, the Danish Inventor, has pro-
duced a successful telephonogTaph. It
records all icoxsasos received during th«
absence of a sur>3rrir>or and fftves them out
hours or days afterward, when he holds
the trumpet to hla ear.
Special Information supplied dally to
business houses and pubUo men toy ta«
Press Cllppln* Bureau (Allen's). 6M Mont-
gomery st. Telephone Mala 1MX *
Townsend's California glace fruits. 50c a
pound In fire-etched boxes or Jap baskets,
633 Market street. Palace Hotel. •
Ice cream by the gallon at Townsend's.*
Pure fruit Juices used at Townsend's. •
Ic© cream and soda at Townsend's. •
AMUSEMENTS.
V.vc'.i— "Cs-rmer ."
Alcazar— "The Mafc-erafiers."
Columbia— "A Great Obstacle."
jVU.fi.ir.tra — "Shli' Ahcy."
Orpbecxa — Vaudeville.
Grand O^era-houfe— •"Trilby."
OlrajiU. corner Mason cr.d XjAly «tr*et»— Specialties
Chutes. Zoo and Theatwr— Vaudeville every afternoon and
F-.fcher'e— Vaudeville.
AH& Theater, Grove Ftreet— "On the Trail."
fail's Battle of Tar. Juan. Folscm ar.d Sixteenth street*.
n«*cr«:stir» Park — Baprball.
Central rark— Tie Sled-SUO*.
1 :.¦ r. Coursing l"ark— Courslst to-fiar.
futr-i Bath?— Oven r.ichts.
ZUnglinc llro*.' World"* Greatest Fhr>T«-«. Sixteenth asd Fol-
»om streets. CMaaday evening. Spj/tember V>.
Tar.roran Park— TJ.e Great Fair. September 14 to October 6.Joseph Bresno, who pleaded utility to a
charge of assault with a deadly weapon,
was sentenced to eighteen months In the
County Jail by Judge Dunna yesterday.
Charles Ryan was .sentenced to thirty
days In the County Jail by Judge Lawlor
for an assault with a deadly weapon.
Both Guilty of Assault.
John Lambert and G. Davis, hunters
were each fined $25 by Jud&e Fritz yester
day for ha\-Ing valley quail In their pos
session. Charlos Jones, who was arrest
ed at the same time, pleaded guilty last
week and was also fined $25.
Violated the Game Laws.
The San Francisco nfflee of "Wells. Fargo
& Co.'s express will be closed at 10 a_m..
September 10, and at noon on September
31, in pursuance of orders issued by John
J. Valentine, president of the company
Admission Day Qbservanca.
Wili Join tho Shoe Clerks in Their
Movement to Secure Shorter
Hours.
The retail clothing salesmen are prepar
ing to follow the example of the Bhoe
clerks In the movement looking to tho
closing of the stores in which they are
employed at 6 o'clock in the evening ex
cc-ptinj? on Saturdays o.nd days preceding
holidays. At the last meeting of the Ke
tall Shoe Clerks' Protective Association
(local Union No. 410) a committee of four
clothing clerks Informed the membera
that In two weeks organization will be
c-ffected by them on similar lines to that
of the shoe clerks. The association adopt
ed a resolution pledging itself to support
the clothing men In their efforts to secure
shorter hours.
At the meeting of the ehoe clorks frater
nal addresses were made by K. Clu.T
projldor.t of the San Francisco Labor
Council, and A. Iten. recrptary of the
Milkmen's Union and a member of the ex
ecutive board of the Lr.bor Council. They
urged the association to nrospcute the
early closing movement with vigor and
gave assurances that ail the labor union*
are in pympathy with it. An appeal will
Boon be made to the public not to pur
chase shoes after 6 o'.-.iock In the evening
and a formal application will be made to
shoe dealers to decide In favor of early
c'.OFing.
After a programme of interesting vocal
and instrumental numbers President Hor- :
ace \. Carter announced that the next
meeting of the association would be held :
at 102 O'Farrell street on Wednesday
evening. September 12. at 9:15 o'clock for
the transaction of Important business.
CLOTHING SALESMEN TO
URGE EARLY CLOSING
George B. Keane Jr. has applied for let
ters of guardianship upon the person and
estate of his father, George B. Keane Sr.
The petitioner avers that his father,
through physical disabilities and Irregular
and dissipated habits, has been Incompe
tent to manage his estate for the past
seven years. Mr. Keane Sr. owns prop
erty on Green street and four pieces ot
realty on Dupont street, which bring a
monthly rental of J350.
Says Father Is Incompetent.
Keep your baggage checks until you
reach San Francisco; you will save one
half in the transfer of your baggage.
One trunk (round trip), 50 cents. Morton
Special Delivery— Oakland Ferry Depot.
650 Market street, 408 Taylor street. •
Notice to Native Sons.
. Judge Cook Believes No Crime Has
Been Committed — Habeas Corpus
Writ Argued.
Mae Simpson, who was held to answer ;
by Judge Conlan for the theft of jewel3 |
belonging to, the late Jeannle Ney La j
Roche, was ordered released by Judge i
Cook yesterday on J500 bonds. A writ of j
habeas corpus, sworn out by Charles A. j
Low en behalf of the accused, was ar
gued before Judge Cook, who said he had
r.o hesitancy In saying that in his opinion
the prosecution had even failed to prove
that a crime had been committed. He
would withold final judgment, however,
he said, until he hnd read the report of
the evidence taken before Judge Conlan. ;
It is the general opinion that Judge
Cook will dismiss the charge against Miss
Simpson. • !
MAE SIMPSON MAY BE
ORDERED DISCHARGED!
THE fo'.lowinsr changes in the First
Infantry Regiment of the Nation*!
Guard of CaJifornia are announced:
Corporals Charles J. Mund promot
ed sergeant, vice Skil'.man, in Company
EC; Sergeant Willis F. Unfred of Company
C as quartermaster sergeant,
vice Gillis, relieved at his own request.
At their own request Quartermaster
Frar.k J. Leonard and Sergeant Isador
i Less of Company A have been reduced to
the ranks. Private Maurice Cunningham
has been promoted, vice Leonard, and
Corporal F. Lelb. vice Less. Privates
John J. Brady, Morris Markowltz, Eu
gene J. Dougherty and John J. Costello
have been appointed corporals, vice Leib,
promoted, and Fitzpatrick, Pierce and
Schmidt, dircharped. Privates William V.
Hays, John Kilemade and John Murphy
have been appointed sergeants, vice Mol
loy, reduced. Juth, deceased, and McCar
thy, promoted, respectively.
Corporal Goorse T. Pheips has been
promoted Serjeant of Company C, vice
Dur.bar, discharged.
Sergeant Frank McCarthy has been pro
moted flrst eergeant of Company A, vice
Sullivan discharged, and Sergeant W.
Cunningham, promoted quartermaster
sergeant, vice Leonard, reduced.
Corporal George Sheirton has been pro
moted sergeant of Company I. vice Gol
loy reduced, and Artificer Elijah W. Re
dell has been promoted quartermaster
sergeant, vice Lemetey< r, promoted.
During the month of August there were
discharged from the First Infantry twen
ty-one men on account of removal, rive
for the good of the tervlce, two on ac
count of exemption after seven yeara" ser
vice and one by a two-thirds vote.
Corporal Dwight Strong of Company A.
Fifth Infantry, has been appointed reel
mental quartermaster sergeant.
Th» following dates are the ones desig
nated on which the second target prac
tice season of 1900 will be held by the
several organizations of the Fifth In
fantry:
Companies A, F and G, September 10:
Major C. T. Poulter.
Company B. September 20; First LJ»u
tenant J. F. Summers.
Company C. September 30; First Lieu
tenant J. P. Barrow.
Company D. September 20; Second Lieu
tenant J. L. M. Kennelly.
Company E, September 23; Major L. W.
Jullliard.
Company II, September 30; Second Lieu
tenant J. W. Claypool.
Company I, September 29; Captain D. A.
Smith.
The field staff, non-eommtssloned staff
officers and band will report for target
practice with the company nearest their
station.
NOTES OF THE
NATIONAL GUARD
TEAMSTER AND
TAILOR LODGED
IN THE TANKS
They Combined to Steal
Cloth From the South
ern Pacific
William Dan Thompson Will Be
Charged With Grand Larceny and
L. Parente With Receiving
Stolen Property.
Thompson lived at 2314B Mason street,
and on going there the officers recovered
two bolts of the stolen cloth and two suits
which had been made out of them.
Thompson's mother told them that her son
earned but $2 50 weekly.
The loss of the bales was discovered and
C. C Crowley, chief special detective of
the Southern Pacific, detailed two of his
assistants, Peter Lewin and Patrick Kin
dele n, on the case. The police were also
notified, and Detective T. L.. Ryan was
detailed by Captain Seymour to assist in
tracing the thief or thieves. Thompson
was arrested yesterday morning, and at
first denied that he knew anything of the
missing bales, but finally confessed. The
detectives went to Parente's shop and re
covered most of the stolen property in a
back room. He was very indignant wnen
he learned the object of the visit of the
oiiicers and denied knowing anything
about Thompson or the bales. After the
discovery of the goods he begged the of
ficers to allow him to entertain his guests,
but he was escorted to the City Prison.
Thompson's mode of procedure was to
take a bale to the freight yards, deliver
it and obtain the receipt from the clerk.
'1 hen he would watcn his opportunity, and
when no one observed him he would re
load the bale on his wagon and drive off
with it to Parente's shop. The dates on
which he did this was on August 1, Au
gust 20. August a; August 22, August 23
and September 5.
His accomplice, who will be charged
with grand larceny. la William Dan
Thompson, a teamster 21 years of age.
'1 liompson was employed by Fry's exprtss
and had a stand on Ellis street, lie was
employed to haul goods to the Southern
Pacilic freight yaras for P. H. Gallagher
& Co. and f. Greenburg &. Co.. wholesale
woolen merchants. Since August 1, it is
alleged, he has stolen six bales of goods
valued at about JSOO which he soid to
Parente. He had received altogether from
Parente. it is claimed, about $40 for the
six bales.
L. Parente. a tailor at 408 Francisco
street, sent out Invitations for a dance
at his rooms last night and ordered a
lavish spread of eatables and drinkables
fur his guests, but instead of playing the
host he occupied a cell in the tanks at the
City Prison. lie will be booked on a
chaise of receiving stolen property.
SAN FRANCISCO CALL., SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 9, 1900.
27
Alf EllInRhouse— Lessee and Manager.
THE BEST SHOW INVITES'THE
BEST PEOPLE.
MATINtE TO-DAY,-
TO*-NIGHT AND ALL, THIS WEEK.
L p . c i c d ! - a^lATlNEnU£SDAY,SepUL|
FERRIS HARTMAN
AND A GREAT CAST.
In the Nautical Farcical
Introducing a Bevy of
Aini /) WHO CAN DANCE,
laj I K I \ WHO CAN SING,
U I II LU WHO ARE PRETTY.
POPULAR PRICESi
1 5c. 25c, 35c and DOo. , .
To-Night "CARMEN"
185O •> - - - 1QOO
A BIG FEATURE OF THE
CELEBRATION WEEK
Will Be Our
Productions of
THE GREAT DOUBLE BILL
Rusticana «
EVERY EVENING AND
SATURDAY MATINEE.
WITH THE ENTIRE COMPANY
In Alternating Casts.
ALL THE FAVORITES
Will Appear.
PQPlll *R ascMisoc PRIBFS 1
TELEPHONE BUSH 9.
TO-NIGHT (SUNDAY) LAST TIMES
CLAY CLEMENT and L. R. STOCKWELL
In "A GREAT_OBSTACLE."
BEGINNING WITH SPECIAL
HOLIDAY MATINEE MONDAY,
(MATINEES MONDAY. TUESDAY and
SATURDAY.)
CLAY L. TL
CLEMENT and STOCKWELL,
Supported by a Strong Company.
IN MR. CLEMENT'S IDYLLIC COMEDY,
THE NEW
DOMINION !
Clay Clement as Baron von Hohenstauffen
BEAUTIFULLY STAGED.
TRICES U. "5c, 50c, 85c and 25c
Box and lore Seats, %l 60.
GRAND OPERA HOUSE
MATINEES TO-DAY. MONDAY AND
TUESDAY.
Last NiEht Of WILTON LACKAYE.
LAST NIGHT OF
TRILBY
Commencing To-morrow Matinee — "Quo Vadls."
EVENING PRICES— 10c, lie, 25c. 50c; a few
Front Rowa in Orchestra, 75c. MATINEE
PRICES— 10c, 15c. 25c, 60c (no higher).
| Branch Ticket Office, Emporium.
FT^!f!HFR\S concert house.
riOtnLn D Admiealon 10;.
MAE TTJNISON. EUDORA FORDE, J, F.
VIACO. L. E. BEHAN, HOWARD and CAMP-
BSLU OLIVE VAIL, and DUTCH WALTON.
, Reserved Seats. 25c; Matinee Sunday.
AMUSEMENTS.
f&%> VERY LATEST
F>JjL Straight Front.
VLy "^ Hand-Made
> 1( SAPPHIRE
y?§* CORSETS
• : {W $3.00 1» $15.00
7^¥^10 Gearo St.,
J^^>l\ " CHESTER F. WHISHT,
f\fi^L*\\ Royal Worce*Ur Ccr-
•et-nttln^ Parlor*.
OR. JORDAN'S great j
Museum of ahatohy?
¦ Or Tha Ltr^ect Anatooiail M jsrum is the \
0 *~frt***. v cr i v - AfcnetMv .< *-, coRtrmcted *
r- lA^j *V3 CJUl « p«-«itl»^ly cui«4 ¦ y ti. e c4<io»t Y
0 i^sil DiLrtafiWI-faiVATE DISEASES^
G t, Zf&n T " '•"•-• personify of t, r V-,rr. A/
\H / **•***!, Curt ¦> nary caie ludmikw. '
AFj uQ' w^«'<» Book, raii.oturivti,
v * ;f ij^k BtnaiAGC, mailed tux. i.\\
a H J. >a: u; jif boob far tnraj
9 I»U JUHDAS AtO..J0il»Iark#tSt..aF I '
P^^'^-^^-Sab'*^^'^^-^^! i
tTONG F»O GUY,
Successor to Dr. LAI PO TAI.
crsduate cf Canton Medical
Collect, after a verr nicceu-
ful practice of many years In
Cblca. bas located in San
FraiscJeco. The eurrrtsinr and
niarvelouB curea eJTected by
his berbs demonittrate their
. pot^nce and his cktll. Th»« '•
f*ST3^y<^o.'rSti Hrrbs riirc over 400 different i
W^ZtJViFiJy <JH»asi»s. Including ISrljht'i '
'¦^JSZ.JU*^ })\t*i>,*, Diabetes, Consurnj- I
_ • tion. Asthma, Paralysis.
Era.n. I^erre. Cancer*. Turaors, Hlood. Mai»
end I-'ensale :.:*,.,¦..-- AH peraonn affiicted i
¦with any kind of roalaly iirhttsoever are in- |
vited to call. Oface. ~zi Washington et. Of3^« i
hours— i a. m. to 12 m., 1 to S p. ra.; Sundays.
19 a. m. to 12 m. Accept frateful tl:ank» 'or '
• fTectlnjr a cur» cf at-tlima ct reveral year»" i
¦ttndlm A. DAHLEV. San IiafarL
, !
DDTTCU17C F"OR BAREERS. BAK- ]
0n U onHO r". *««»»;«>«. , »*"»¦ i
lio'jsea. billiard tables, :
brewers. booktii:dera. candy-makera. canr.ers. |
dyeri". flourmlJls. foundries, laundries, paper- ]
» arger?. r.rlr.trrs. painters, fhoe factories, sta- j
l'.trr<n, tar-roeff-rs, tar.ncrs, tailors, etc.
BUCHANAN BROS..
E cs*i Mant:racn«rcrs. C09 Sacramento St.
z^^D^/rlY,STRONG_&CD^ggX
ft i)
V* *^^^ V ''^"L^- ~"^ J^"Ar^'"i^ Jt ¦""3-ACSs-^M-^***'*^. yT^p \^"^^y
MARKET ST. S.F.
HADWAI'S BBADT KCLI£F has stood
ur.rl\-eied betsr* ibt public tor t>0 yean as a
Pain P.eiEfdy. It lneuntly relieves and quickly
cures ail Colds. Bete Throats, Influenza, Bros-
chltia. Pneumcnla. Rheumatism. Kauralfla.
lieadacbe. Tcthach* and all pains. Internally ~
tor i:-:-r:a iiJ t>:i Dowel I'al^s. All OrusffUts. ,
ADVERTISEMENTS.
BASEBALL!
Six Scheduled
Championship Games!
FIRST GAME BEOIXS AT 1:30 O'CLOCK.
/
San Francisco"] fOak-ani
vs. L SEPT. 9 \ vs.
SacramsnioJ [ Stockton
° akl - 1 SEPT. .0 f an nCiSC0
SacramentoJ I Stockton
San Francisco] fStockton
vs - I SEPT. II \ vs.
OaklandJ I Sacr?mento
General Admission to Double-Header:
Gentlemen 50e Ladies 25c.
Children 20c.
RECREATION PARK
Eighth and Harrison Streets
UNION COURSING PARK,
TO-DAT, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 0
America's Greatest Stakes,
FIRST CALIFORNIA FUTURITY
STAKE and
CHAMPION EVENT!
120— NOMINATIONS— 120
$3575 — Total Prize Money— $3575
Concert by
VON DER MEHDEN'S BAND.
SPECIAL NOTICE.
Tuesday and Wednesday, Septem-
ber 11 and 12.
Reserve Stake of 64 Nominations Each
TRAIN~SERVICE:
Leaves Third and Townsend streets 9:15 a. m
10:15 a. m.. 11 a. m. and 12 m. and 1 p m '¦
Twenty-fifth and Valencia streets five minutes
later; returning at 4:45 p. m. and after last
course. San Mateo electric cars every six min-
utes.
ADMISSION 25 CENTS.
Of YMJRI Ik EDDY ST.,
THE ONLY FREE VAUDEVILLE SHOW
' IN THE CITT.
Tenth Series of CONRADI'S- FAMOUS
LIViNG STATUARY !
Sensational Studies of the World's Most
Famous Nude Sculpture.
DANCE OF ALL NATIONS!
A St>eclal Feature for Admission Week.
AND OUR CELEBRATED STOCK COMPANY.
MATINEE EVERY SUNDAY.
AMATEUR NIGHT EVERT FRIDAY
ADMISSION FREE.
SUTRO BflTHS.
OPEN NI0HT&
. ¦ Open dally from 7 a. in. to 11 p. ra.
Bathlngr from 7 a. m. to 10 p. m
ADMISSION. lOo. CHILDREN. Bo.
Eathlnr. Including admission. 25a: Children, 2flo_
MAJESTIC, IMPOSING, IDEAL PATRIOTIC SPECTACLE.
LAST DAYS t °h f e CENTURY light°of t li e berty
Over 1000 Characters and Hundreds of Horses in the Tast.
'¦ ONLY EXHIBITION IN THE UORLIX PRESENTING
J F^u°s BHItNS THE 61-HORSE ACT
61 Fine-bred Horses In One Ring, at On* Time. Performed by One Man.
SOUDER'S WONDERFUL FUNNY ELEPHANT BRASS BAND.
A 29-TON SENSATION! THE NOVELTY OF THE AGE!
LOCKHART'S^rirHma ELEPHANT COMEDIANS
BIG NEW FREE STREET PARADE IN 30 SECTIONS
WEDNESDAY MORNING. SEPTEMBER 13. AT 10 O'CLOCK.
ONE 60c TICKET ADMITS TO EVERYTHING. Children Cn.ler 12 Years, Half Prtc».
SPECIAL CHEAP EXCURSIONS ON ALL LINES OF TRAVEL.
.... THE ACKNOWLEDGED GREATEST SHOW ON BAftTH .......
WILL EXHIBIT AT
San FranciscOtenlvWednesday Evening, Sept, 19,
AND CONTINUING TWICE DAILY UNTIL SEPTEMBER 2STH.
groJ"d t 9 iox SIXTEENTH AND FOLSOM STREETS
CT Reserved numbered seats and admissions during the entire engagement at Sherman,
Clay & Co.'s Music Store, corner Kearny and Sutler streets. Unlike other shows, prices at
downtown office are the iam« as charged at t lrket wagon on show grounds.
PAIN'S BATTLE OF SAN JUAN
AND NIGHTLY FOR A LIMITED SEASON
PAIN'S ELECTRIC FIREWORKS
AT THE SIXTEENTH AND FCLSOM STREETS GROUNDS.
CBCANTIC SET PIECES! A WONDROUS
MONSTER DEVICES I SHOW!
To-Night-Native Sens' Night.
Monday— Native Daughters' Night. .
PRICES ----- 25c, 50c, 75c and $1.00
Box and Grand Stand Seats on Sale To-Day and To-Morrow at
the Lion Drug Co., Cor Market and Stockton Streets.
THE 6REAT TAIR
TANFORAN PARK
Sept. 24 to Oct. 6, 1900
i UMJER MASAGESttXT Or THB
SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN MATEO
\ AGRICULTURAL ASS'N
To the live-stock breeders of California, as
well as to the lovers of oat-door snorts this
Exhibition Is dedicated.
Tho attractions win Include:
A High-Class Open-Alr Hor s* Shaw.
.Select Herds of Prize Cattle.
A Complete Exhibit of Swine. Sheep. Goat*.
Poultry and Belgian Hares.
Extraordinary show of Dogs.
Attractive exhibit of high-class Vehicles and
other industrial display:* from leading manu-
facturers ot the State.
Tho out-door sports will embrace Polo Gamea
between players from Southern and Central
California for Championship. Pony Races.
Long Distance Race of 2S miles by noted riders.
Change ot horses each mile la full view of Grand
Stand.
GJUND ATHLETIC HELD DAY
CLUB HARNESS RACING
HIGH-CLASS TROTTING AND PACINO
In which the Great Stats of the East and West
will meet and make World's records.
All in all the entertainment will be clean,
dignified and instructive.
GiUND MUSICAL CONCERTS DAILY
Excellent railroad facilities by both regular
and special trains to Grand Stand entrance.
Entertainment each day from 10:00 a. m. uattl
5*0 P. JL
BI5IT i. CSOCIXB, rrmUmt
GCOMS lUIl ftSWBAIX, btnUrj
: XOITIS r. MXTH. C«a«ral IiUfW
TANFORAN PARK.
ENTRIES FOR PRIZES IN
ALL DEPARTMENTS,
Including tia Bench Show,
WILL CLOSE ON MONDAY,
September 10*
DOG SHOW ENTRIES AT PARISH "A"
Palace Hotel; Ail Others "With
EDWIN F. SMITH.. General 5!ana?er,
202 SANSOME STREET.
CIFE-HMLfePi
f .VaUsca chacXtd tn*.
BftSMfcSM?
MATINEE TO-DAY, SUNDAY.-
TO-NIGHT. LAST TIME.
THE MASGtUEFtADEFtS
MATINEES TO-MORROW AND TUESDAY.
A Story of Indian Military Hfe.
THE GIRL I
LEFT BEHIND ME I
Scats for all performances now on *ale.
PRICES— 15c. I5c. Kc and 50c
CHUTES^ and ZOO
EVERT AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
BIG VAUDEVILLE SHOW!
AQUATIC SPORfTON THE LAKE.
SEABURYTSigh Diver.
SPECIAL TO-MORROW NIGHT,
GRAND
FIREWORKS DISPLAY!
Telephone for seats— Park 23.
>
CENTRAL PARK.
Market and Eighth sts.
Open daily from noon til! midnight. /'
FUN FOR ALL!
NEWEST SENSATION.
THE SLED-SLIDE,
EVERYBODY RIDES.
FREE STREET FAIR AND
PADDY'S MARKET.
MANY NEW AND NOVEL ATTRACTION'S.
ADMISSION. IOC— CHILDREN. 6«.
Tickets good for any attraction in the park.
Native Sons and Daughters admitted free on
their badges .
108 Grove Street. Phone South 324.
TO-N'IGHT, last week, with matinees Satur-
day and Sunday. First time on any stare—
CAPTAIN JACK CRAWFORD'S great Bor-
* der Drama. Illustrating: his life on the fron-
tier, entitled. "ON— THE— TRAIL."
The Call, Chronicle, Examiner, Post and
Bulletin acknowledge It to ba the best scenic
melodrama, seen her* in years.
Prices. 10c. 20c, !0c Next — "Bottom of the
Sea."
8 "nnillMRIA" - Have You Seen Our §
« UULUlYIDIA _*f_^* ./*y dT^**^ POLKA DOT §
I a kw oio%» Z&4 Stock dollars I
And Fit. i^S&' Y& *\Q^<0^^r**m0 T i5; e 1^? t ? st S
I $1.00 Per Pair 25 Cents Each I
I NATIVE SONS AND DAUGHTERS I I
I ....CREETINC... I
jft We have below a few specials which will be on sale next week in ready to S
« wear articles. Do not fail to see them before purchasing elsewhere. X
8 mERCERIZEDUNDERSKIRTS- * «
VS Beautiful col<>rlnB8. cut very full, corded and ruffle.
g MARKET-STREET STORE ONLY. At $2.5O
'¦Q Q
Walking or Rainy-Day Skirts— g
O A!l the raffe for fall and winter wear, extra heavy grade fine stitching 8
« At S2.5O Q
8 Better Grades at 9500 to 510.00 each 8
§ SILK WAISTS- g
» I tf t^ at " tyla .u U^J l 5! lr> made of best «l«all f -y tarteta silk, very newest designs, all O
0 shades, worth Jo.OO, j»
§ mXrkltt-stueet store only. At $4i5O Each §
a U/OOL U/AISTS- «
8 Made of cood all-wool flannel, very nice line of colors, all sizes, worth *2.C0. «
1 Better Crad- at .^ ..^Poo SfgS |
Q MARKET-STREET STORE ONLY. S
\A/RAF»F»ERS— 8
S -A- ew>d quality calico, neatly trimmed, nice dark shadlncs. »
g MARKET-STREET STORE ONLY. f\ t 5Q C Each S
S TAILOR-mADE SUITS— g
S 1^ a sa!I l p . le llne of r oveUle 8 in fine tailor-made *ults. We §
J* have marUfd them at price* within the leach ot all. Q
3 ' . $9.OO to $3O OO S
DO NOT rCllCHASK BEFORE SEEING OUR STOCK. $
g GOODS DELIVERED FREE OP CHARGE IN THIS AND NEIGHBORING CITIES.
g MAIL ORDERS PROMPTLY FILLEDt £^
§ 1220-1222-1224 MARKET STREET. %
AMUSEMENTS.
i^^V CV Week GomnnEciDg TO-DAY, SUNDAY,
GREAT"ADMISSIONWEEK"BILL!
SZl JESS I E JMTLETT DAVIS §1
YOU NO AMERICA QUINTETTE
%'audevllle'B Greatest SlnRlnc Combination.
QUERITA VINCENT JOHNSON & DEAN
Character Vocalist and Dancer. Originators of the Klnetoecope Rag Dance.
HOWE, WALL stnei WALTERS
In Their 7 Latest Novelty, "IN A RAILWAY STATION." ***-*
GERTRUDE MANSFIELD Aivn C&RYL WILBUR
Presenting a New Comedy. "6 PROSPECT STREET." *-*^«».
W ESTM AN a n* WREN I T^^7can LITTLE FRANCES KBPPLEK
Rural Comedy Artists. | i BIOCRAPH ! Juvenile Character Artist.
MATINEE TO-DAT, SfNDAY. SEPTEMBER 9— Parquet. 25c. any seat- Balcony 10c-
Children, 10c. any part except reserved. A few Trent orchestra rows reserved 60" •front
rows of Balcony reserved. 25i\ ' "'
SPECIAL JUBILEE SIATINEES To-morrow fMonday). Tuesday and Wednesday
ADVEETISEiTEHTS.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
AMUSEMENTS.
Brushes and Combs. Fans, Albums, Etc.
Laurel or rosowoo-1 back, at! bristl* Black em r ire fans Sc. =3c
Sy*SS::!!?^SL*i^ Foldlng k " 1 fans lOc - 15c - r ' c
„ . — , - Autograph albun-.»i..l0c, 15c. 25c. 50c
E . r .^.*\°?™ h .™^.. tY : l '.' K .?£ Mu " c »-° iis =^. 5<x=. t* *<> *«
_ Work boxts 35c to &0c
Guaranteed toothbrush: will not
*h4 bristles IflU/ft'rU
rocket combs 5c. 10c. 15c. »c JCWoilji
Pocket mirrors ic. 10c lffl pold filled rins*. oval, flat and
Curllr^T !rcr.s. eoars an3 perfumery. chased bands, warranted flvu
years C5c and 50c
Ornftl/nrtl Key ¦»rin'l ci«-kel watch S5o
bfOCKtFYi St<>m wlnd nlckel »atch 11 55
r«»« . ». -« » —r « Hravy pold rlated Ftem wind
Dinner stts Irom \% J) to KS watch, warranted one year...Jl 53
Tea sets from Jt to J15 _ , _ ,
H^ n uce°r!- decorat^ cu;^ % Extra special,
Four piece *m. -t. 8e a^ l he^. an . d . b . aCk^°^
A beautiful new line of Imported Italian shell Fid» and back combs.
covered steins 50c to |5 each rhlncstone setting »5c each
Trunks and Valises, Barber Supplies,
Men's Furnishings, Sporting Goods,
Cutlery and Silverware, Kitchen Utensils.
rtAZOKS AND SCfSSOflS QROt/ND.
¦ — : ¦
— — - —^
818-820 Market St., San Francisco.
rcOTE-A'.l Purchases cf J5.00 or More DeMvered Free to Any Railroad Station.
FIRST TIME IN SAN FRANCISCO! THE ARENIC SENSATION!
EVERY ACT A NEW AND SENSATIONAL, HIGH-CLASS FEATURE.
Country Houses, Hotels, Flat3
and Cottages Fnrnislied
Complete.
CREDIT IF DESIRED.
BRILLIANT'S,
338-340-342 POST ST.,
Cjx-j Everi^fi. Near Powell.
rre« D^lvery Within 200 Mllet.
SCremei
E5*d viv jL 4 ¦ r^ ft^
Known for nearly half a cen- >jh
tury as absolu'ely peerless. QL
fin PERFECT COMPLEXION. J*J
B e and incites Ih3 skin with jHE
h the healthy look of early CTrl
wl Removes tan, sunburn, R**
jSk pimples, etc., and leaves fg£
pQ the skin soft and velvety. RQC
§& FoM by all druggists air! RTr
iTjfcJ prnfral rl<-alprs. If you can- b%L
%£_} not obtain It send u? oOc tor (Lu
j£Ba la.rce bottle or 10c for frial UT_
fiM E. B. HAREINOT0X ft CO.. rS&
H51 M'frg., Log Angslei, C»L Mvt
A Famous CosmeticW. O. PATCH OF THE DOLPHIN SWIMMING AND BOATING CLUB.
AMONG THE OARSMEN OF SAN FRANCISCO BAT NONE IS BETTER KNOWN THAN W. O. PATCH OF
THE DOLPHIN SWIMMING AND BOATING CLUB. HE IS A GOOD SWIMMER AND AN EXCELLENT MAN
IN A BARGE OR AN OUTRIGGED SKIFF. HE HAS PROBABLY READ MORE ABOUT ROWING AND TAKEN
MORE PAINS TO ACQUIRE A GOOD STYLE THAN ANY OF THE LOCAL OARSMEN. HE WILL ROW IN
THE SENIOR OUTRIGGED SKIFF RACE ON SUNDAY AT THE ANNUAL CHAMPIONSHIP REGATTA OF THE
PACIFIC ASSOCIATION OF THE AMATEUR ATHLETIC UNION, HIS COMPETITORS BEING F. W. AND C. G.
AYERS OF THE ALAMEDA BOAT CLUB, DR. C. C. DENNIS OF THE SOUTH END ROWING CLUB. STANLEY
ADDERLEY OF THE TRITON BOATING CLUB AND CHARLES WILSON OF THE ARIEL ROWING CLUB. AN
EXCEPTIONAL DEGREE OF INTEREST IS FELT IN THE ROWING REGATTA THIS YEAR, AS THE COMMIT
TEE OF THE SEMI-CENTENNIAL CELEBRATION OF THE NATIVE SONS HAS GENEROUSLY PROVIDED
MORE NUMEROUS AND VALUABLE PRIZES THAN USUAL. HENCE THE ENTRY LIST IS LARGE AND THE
COMPETITION WILL BE KEEN.
?i r l ln u work *«. according to statistics
which have been published recently are
long lived. Five. hundred and "thirty em
inent men and women of the present cen
tury -were taken, and their duration of fife
gives an average of about sixty-eight
years and eight months, -
According to the Railway Reviaw „
Toklo card and pasteboard company is
?,?£»?t xp * eri , mentln £ wlt £. Pasteboard Is a
?v b * stl t^ te , for roofln E shingles.- It is Hid
that shingles of this material can be pro
f^^^ * a C * OS A, about 12 per cent cheaper
than that of the wooden article, t he
pasteboard Is made of the desired thick
ness and tarred to prevent the material
from being affected by the weather
Cavill Is Defeated.
BOSTON, .Sept. - 8.— J. L. McCusber of
Everett, Mass., the American champion,
won the five-mile Bwlmmlng match with
Percy F. Cavill, the English and Austra
lian champion, to-night at the - Chutes
grounds in 2:04;48. Cavill was seized with
cramps when six laps from the finish and
withdrew, McCusker swimming the re
mainder of the distance alone. Previous
to the five-mile race tha two champions
contested a quarter-mil© race, but Cavill
twam out of his course on the last leg
allowing McCusker to win by three yards.
Time, 5:48.
Horn 'Wins at Tennis.
NIAGARA-ON-THE-LAKE, Ont., Sept
E.— In the Niagara international golf.' tour
nament to-day the' winner of the open*
was B. S. Horn of Pittsburg:, who defeat
ed S. Hunter of Niagara, . 1 • up I and 13
holes.
DRAGGED TO DEATH.
St. Xiouis Track.
Terrible Fate of an Exercise Boy at
ST. LOUIS, Sept. 8.— A special to the
Post-Dispatch from Marlon, 111., says:
"While exercising the racehorse Happy
John at the fair grounds to-day George
Crisp, the rider, aged 15 years, was
thrown. His foot hung in the stirrup and
he was dragged a long distance before the
animal could be stopped. Ills body was
terribly mangled. He died within half
an hour after being rescued.
Sale of Racehorses.
NEW YORK, Sept. 8.— A number of race
horses in training and thoroughbred year
lings, the property of James R. and W. F.
Keene, and other owners, were sold to
day^ln the Faslg-Tipton Company's pad
docks at Sheepshead Bay. Those bringing
$700 and over were:
Doublet, ch. c, by Domino-Lucy Wal
lace. Dr. S. "W. Street, 51300. Dangerous
Maid. ch. t., by St." Leonard -Hand Maid.
Dr. S. \V. rrtreet. $1150. Tilt, b. c. 2. Tour
nament-Cerito, Dr. 8. "W. Street, $700. The
Regent, b. g.. 2, by Domino-Royal Gem.
William Lakeland, J1100. Br. f., by Choris
ter-Cltronella, J. H. Carr. $750. Property
of H. Serodinoke — MiUstream, br. fi., 5,
Quickllme-Montero, P. Welner, $800.
Several Other Cases Are Set for Trial
and Others Are Con- •
tinued.
Daniel J. Crowloy, who was convicted
by a Jury of violatinfrtheordlnanceagalrist
poolselllng, appeared for sentence before
Judge Cp.banlss yesterday afternqon. At
torney Collins moved for a new trial and
for arrest of judgrment, but the Judge de
nied both motions and sentenced Crowley
to pay a fine of $300, with the alternative
of ISO days in the County Jail. He at once
save notice of appeal and gave bonds in
$500.
The cases of Harry Corbett and Joe Mo
han were pet for trial September n by
Judge Cabaniss. Joe Mohan and II. Mul
ler. in whose cases the Jury disagreed
Friday night, will • be retried September
21, and the cases of Zick Abrams and Abe
Krauss were set for September 23. In
Judge Conlan's court several cases were
continued till September 13, to be set.
POOLSELLER CROWLEY
IS HEAVILY FINED
Five members of the San Francisco Golf
Club took part in a putting: competition
cn the Presidio links yesterday. Each
competitor holed four balls from four
equidistant points on the circumference of
seven of the preens — twenty-eight balls in
all. Charles Page won first prize, with a
score of 9, 10. 10, 11. 8. 10. 10, total 68; S. L.
Abbot Jr. was second, with 10. 11, 9. 12, 11,
10. 10. total 73. and H. C. Breeden third,
with 12. 12. 10. 11. 10. 10. 10. total 73. TV. H.
La Boyteaux's score was 77 and Worth
in gton Ames' 82.
Monday afternoon there will be an ap
proaching competition from distances of
30. "0 and 100 yards. On Tuesday there will
be a contest over thlrty-slx holes, medal
play, with handicap, eighteen holes being
played In the morning and the remaining
eighteen In the afternoon. The prizes will
be clubs and boxes of balls.
On the Presidio Links.
NEW BEDFORD, Mass.. Sent. 1-John
S. Nelson of Chicago won easily In his
20-mile motor-paced bicycle race with
Bob Walthour of Atlanta on the Button
wood track to-day. Time, 23:47 1-5.
Nelson Wins Easily.
3s*t r.lg-ht of the first week of the fair.
The attendance at the pavilion showed no
rlgns of having been affected by the de
perture of several thousand Sacramentans
f;.nd oth»r residents of this locality for
San Francisco to-day to be present at
r-.^xt week"? celebration. To-nlpht a num
t-^r of Native Bon? and Daughters of the
Golden Y>>?t busied themselves by receiv
ing end er.tertalnir.fr at the pavilion the
members of the order who have stopped
off her* for to-day on their way to the
metropolis.
At the pavilion ore of the etror.gest at
tractions baa been the bench show, which
closed to-nisrht. The annex to which this
f=how was devoted was crowded to-nlg-ht
•with people anxious to get a last glimpse
rvf th<> Mooded animals. Much Interest
Tra* rr.anlfe«tM in the opening of the
poultry phow. which will occur on Monday
nlrht. Th* dlsplav of domestic «jid water
rowls will be the lergcFt the State Fair
haa ever pr^sT.tcd. On Monday afternoon
rext the Belgian hare ehow will also open.
Bench Show In tht Annex Has Been
On© of the Strongest Attrac
tions of the Season.
Er*cl*l rirpatch to Th« Call.
EACPJ^rENTO. Sept. 8.-To-nlght. the
ATTENDANCE GOOD
AT THE STATE FAIR
Sidney M. Smith. Sued.
. P::!t was filod yesterday by the Pacific
V'rerar and Pickle Work* against SI.1
r»>y M. Bmith to reeovtr J45.O00, which t!ie
plaintiff oorporarion all^pfs the defendant.
Bf prfsUcnt thereof, advanced to the
California Packing Company without con
ridoratlnn.
PHILADELPHIA, Bent. 8.— Inability to hit
to the cause of Philadelphia' ¦ defeat by Chi-
Clubs — Tf. I,. Pet. I Clubs— W. L. Pot.
Pronklyn ....«5 4i .602 Boston S3 fg .477
PltUburu ...63 O M2 St. Louis 51 68 .457
Philadelphia. i6 a .514 : Cincinnati ..£2 60 .481
Chicago &5 67 .491 New York.. .48 64 .418
CORRECT STANDING OF THE CLUBS.
GRIFFITH'S FINE <W0EK
WHEN EAETi:. GETS HUNGRY.
Chunks of the World May Be Eaten
Up Any Mpment.
When one reads o^nears of some sud
den and violent alteration in the crust of
this planet of ours one instinctively puts
it down to something in the way of a vol
canJc outburst. In most cases it Is so.
But not always. Mother Earth has many
fashions of building up what she likes and
getting rid of what she is tired of.
One hardly wonders that Indian tribes
who frequented the shores of the Colum
bia River used to worship as the '•Ail-de
vouring One" a great cliff near the Cas
cades; which for many years past has been
steadily advancing upon the river, with
the evident Intention of blotting out Its
bed and forming a huge lake above. This
will inevitably happen. The mountain,
which ia 2000 feet high and eight miles
long, has been proved to be moving for
ward and downward at a rate of one to
three feet a year. The railwav track
which runs along Its base has to 'be con
stantly altered. The reason of this pon
derous landslide is that the mountain
rests on a layer of soft sandstone, which
is steadily giving way.
The village of Sainte Foy de Tarentaise
in Eastern France seems doomed to be
engulfed. The base of the hill on which
it stands In being eaten away by the
rapid waters of the Isere. The houses,
some of them, show cracks rivaling those
of our Cheshire Northwich. Some day
there will be n. "short, sharp shock" and
Tarentaise will no longer exist.
Islands go and come so constantly that
none but the admiralty keep count of
them. Submarine volcanoes are responsi
ble for most of these disappearances, but
others are harder to account for. Metis
Island, for Instance, in the South Pacific,
bore no sign of volcanic action about it.
It was charted in 1SS0. its highest point
being. 150 feet. Last year it had gone
vanished utterly without leaving a trace.
On the site of another small guano island
off the coast of Southern California re
cent soundings showed 50 fathoms of
water. Tangier Island in Chesapeake Bay
was fortified by our fleet in the war of
1S12. It has sunk steadily, till now those
fortifications are under water.
The shifting sands of the great desert
are as hungry as the pitiless sea Itself.
Many of the smaller oases in the Sahara
have disappeared from sight In an hour
or two. buried deep by the deadly simoom.
Some 400 miles southeast of the old city
of Kashgar. far out in the yellow desola
tion of the desert of Gobi, the great Swed
ish explorer Sven Hedln saw something
projecting from the smooth side of one
of the long dunes. It was the wooden roof
ol> a house. Further investigation showed
that it was but one of thousands. A teem
ing city of highly civilized Aryans had
Jong existed on this spot until the earth
had tired of it and wiped it out.
Until December 18. 1S11. the eastern part
of Cralghead County. Ark., was one of
tho most beautiful and fertile stretches
of prairie imaginable. Interspersed with
tracts of lovely woodland. Pretty rivers
ran between high, clay banks, and the
country was ranidly settling. On the
morning of December 13. In place of riv
ers and rolling prairie, a great lake rippled
in the sunllcht. In the night the whole,
region. 120 miles long and sixty wide, had
sunk twenty to forty feet. To-day the
weird lakes of the Arkansas sunk lands
offer the most beautiful scenery and some
of the best sport in all the Southern
States.
Nothing is too big or too email to escape
the maw of our hungry globe. Quicksands
2> re v h v, tr *E s she B P rea ds for smaller fry
£££ pr T enfs 8 t e orfc re se^X P w ffieVSTcoX
« re * OV 4 r^ lth a> Wck crust of Sit and
sand. Whole caravans have walked un
consciously into these death traps and
been quickly swallowed up. Reclus th«
great French authority, declares you can
sound these quicksands to a depth o' 300
feet without finding bottom.-London Man
afternoon and the large holiday crowd
present had an excellent time with the
bookies. The track was fast. Summaries:
Selling.^ five and a half furlcnjjs— Come Quick
won. Xina B L second. Estelle third. Time,
1:02.
Five furlongs— Pine Chap won, Saraeuanca
seoond. CiiDlda third. Time. l:02V4.
Selling, mile and a sixteenth— Hermenela
won. Jesse Jarbou second, Fanny Taylor third.
Time, 1M7H-
Selling:, six and a half furlontrs— The Tory
won. Karl Fonso second. Prince of India third.
Time, 1:21 tj.
Five and' a half furlongs — Compass won. I.»Ua
Barr second. Dr. Grace third. Time. l:07?i.
Six furlongs— Sevoy won. Glad Hand second,
Julia Itose third. Time. 1:14^4.
ST. PAUL, Sept. 3.— The racing at Ham
line closed to-day. The 2:26 class trotting
race, purse $1000, Mabel Onward won the
second, third and fourth heats. Bea*
time. 2:1714. Constant Rowe won first heat
in 2:17. Flashlight, Joyraakcr, John L and
Cleora algo started.
ca.ro to-day. Griffith was in excellent form
and his delivery was a puzzle to the local bats
men. Donahue, on the other hand, was easy
lor the visitors. Attendance, 4421. Score:
Clubs— R. II- E.
Chicago 5 10 2
Philadelphia 2 6 1
Batteries— Griffith and Donahue; Donahue
and McFarland. Umpire — Emslle.
BROOKLYN. Sept. I.— The Brooklyn* and
Plttsburgs broke even to-day. Attendance,
S000. Score, first game:
Clubs— R. H. E.
mttrburi? 15 IS 0
Brooklyn 7 II 5
Batteries— fbpsbro and O'Connor; 'Weyhlns,
Kennedy and Farrell. Umpire— O'Day.
Second ;ame;
Clubs— ' R. H. E
nttsburp 6 8 2
Brooklyn 6 8 3
Batteriefs— rhlillpl and Zimmer; McGlnnlty
and McGulre. Umpire — O'Day.
NEW TOrtK. Sept. 8.— The New Torts had
this afternoon's game well in hand when a
battlnsr streak, coupled with errors, gave St.
Louis the game. Attendance. 2500. Score:
Clubs— n. H. K.
Pt. Loul!> 6 12. 3
New York 6 B 6
Batteries — Powell and Robinson: Mercer and
Eowennan. Umpire— Gaffney.
BOSTON, P»pt. ?.— Both pitchers were very
effective. Attendance, 1500. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Boston 18 2
Cincinnati 2 7 3
Batteries— Dlneen and Sullivan; Hahn and
Kahoe. Umpire— Snyder.
American League Games.
MINNEAPOLIS, Sept. 8.— Minneapolis 1, In
dianorolls 8.
MILWAUKEE. Sept. 8.— Milwaukee 10. Buf
falo 3.
KAXSAS CITY, Serit. 8.— Kansas City 10.
CHICAGO, Sept. 8.— Chicago 0. Detroit «.
•NEW YORK, Sept. 8.-The last day of
the Coney Island Jockey Club's fall meet
ing at Sheepshead Bay attracted a big
half-holiday crowd. An interesting card
was offered for decision, with the annual
Champion stakes of J25.000 and the Great
Eastern handicap of $7500 the features.
Both furnished stirring struggles and
more than the usual amount of excite
ment.
David Garrick, at the liberal price of
20 to 1. won the annual Champion, beating
the odrls-on favorite, Kthelbert, a neck in
a hard drive, while Duoro was third, only
a neck away. The time, 3:56, was fast,
and constitutes a new track 'record, the
old mark of 3:5S having stood since 1S32,
made by Hindoo, with 100 pounds up.
Unfortunately the result of the race left
an unsavory feeling, as Spencer's ride on
Ethelbert was so bad that it looked almost
criiriinal. He appeared to be in a trance
and only woke up when too late to win
with the favorite. It is hard to detract
from the credit due David Garrick and
Bullman, but good judges all agree that
the best horse did not win. Jack Joynor
trains both David Garrick and Ethelbert,
and there was much unfavorable comment
after the race. Track fast; weather
clear. Results:
Five furlongs, selling — Tolomon won, Mauga
second. Salvo third. Time, 1:00.
Seven furlongs— Modrine won, Lady Uncas
Fetond, Belle of Lexington third. Time. 1:26 3-5.
The Great Eastern, six furlongs— Beau Gal
lant won. Dublin second. Far Kockaway third.
Tim«\ 1:12 4-5.
The Annual Champion, two and a quarter
miles— David Garrlck won, Ethelbert second.
Duoro third. Time, 3:56.
Steeplechase, about two and a half miles —
Plato and Old Tank ran a dead heat. Captain
Piersal third. Time. 5:22 1-5.
Mile and a sixteenth, selling— Maximo Gomez
won, Compensation second, Alslke third. Time,
1:47.
CHICAGO. Sept. 8.— Mint Sauce cap
tured the rich Harlem stakes, the feature
of Harlem's card this afternoon, and for
nine furlongs broke the track record of
1:53*4 by going ' the route In 1:52 1-5. and
won eased up to a common canter. Flori
zar was the ruling: favorite at 9 to 5 and
heavily played. Mint Sauce went to the
front immediately, and although Found
was about the speediest sprinter in the
race, she could never reach the pace
maker. All were very tired trying to
keep up and PinochJe was gamest at the
end, coming strong and beating out Found
by a head. Florizar could never get up
and was" In fourth place at the finish.
Hattle June, a 200 to 1 shot, in the second
race acted so badly at the post that the
start was delayed twenty-three minutes.
The filly refused to budge after parading
past the grand stand and Jockey Moody
was forced to lead his mount to the start
ing point. At every false break she would
run a furlong and then had to be led
back. After the long delay they were
finally sent away and it resulted in strict
ly a two-horse race between Jim Inez and
Duelist, first and second choices. Although
Jlmlnez is a high-class colt, it took all he
had to. win by half a length. Weather
clear; track fast. Summaries:
Seven furlongs— Jim W won, Jake "Weber sec*
ond, Junetta third. Time, 1:23.
Six furlong*— Jimlnez won. Duelist second.
Wild Pirate third. Time. 1:14 4-5.
Six furlongs — Tayon won. Highland Lmd sec
ond, Chappaqua third. Time, 1:11 1-5. -
The Harlem stakes, mile and aa eighth— Mint
Sauce won. Pinochle second. Found third.
Time. 1:52 1-5.
Six furlongs— Hlndoonet won, 8an Dnrango
second. Handpress third. Time. 1:14 4-5.
One mile, selling— Headwater won. Thrive
second, Star Chamber third. Time, 1:40 3-6.
One mile. Belling— Branch won, Owensboro
second. Aloha II third. Time. 1:40 2-5.
ST. LOUIS, Sept. 8.— Results:
81x f urlonjs, ¦«llln«— Alton* won, Dorallc«
¦econd. Revenue third. Time, 1:15H-
Six furlongs — Curd ¦ Gillock won, , Tony Lop
ping second. Merrlmaji third. Tlma. l:15tt.
Six furlongs, selling: — Benham iron. Kindred
eecond. Ed L, third. , Time, 1:15.
Six and a half furlongs— W. J. Baker won.
Nobleman second. HI Nocker third. Time,
1:21%. ¦ l^.
Mile and a sixteenth, handicap — Alice Turner
¦won, Malay second, Eugenia S third. Time,
DETROIT, Mich., Sept. 8.— Five favor
ltes cama home in front at Windsor thb
Mile and an eigrhth, «ellin«r-Orrls won,
Eorunjc second. Governor Boyd third. , Time.,
1:67. -. . . --. ¦ \ ; :
Jockey Spencer Nearly Goes to Sleep,
While the "Winner Sets
a New Track
Record.
Suspicious Ride Is Put Up
on the Favorite
Ethelbert.
DAVID GARRICK
WINS AT VERY
LONG PRICE
Sloop Gadder Will Try to Beat
the Speedy Thirty-
Footers.
The entry list for the annual regatta of
•the Pacific Interclub Yacht Association is
now complete, and is the largest in the
history of the association, no fewer than
fifty-three yacht* being entered in the
seven classes. In the 20-foot special class
are the yawl Kittlwake and the sloops
Petrel, Idler, Anita, Stella and Doris II.
The 25-foot class comprises the follow
in? sloops: Phoenicia. Nereus. Mcrope,
Sabina, May and Cupid.
In the special clasa for yawls there are:
Spray, Royal, Nereid, Gypsie and Arc
turus. ""¦'•
In the 30-foot class are the sloops Secret
and Amlgo, the Gadder, Aeolus, Truant,
Mlpnon and Presto.
The 35-foot class includes the sloops Jes
sie E, Emma, Thetia, Thelma, Pactolus,
Embla, Edna, Queen, Harpoon and Es
telle.
The 44-footers are the sloops Speedwell,
Neptune, Mischief. Rover and Clara.
In the 70-foot class are the yawl Tra
montana, the schooners Chispa, Ramona,
47.47 feet, and Lurllne. 5S.S2 feet.
The 20-foot class starts at noon on Tues
day and the other classes at Intervals of
ten minutes, the yawls crossing the line
with the 25-footers. The sloop Gadder,
thoush Fhe is entered as a San Francisco
Yacht Cluh boat In the 30-foot class, will
not be eligible for the Macdonough cup or
other prize In that class, as she wiy not
be sailed by a member of the club from
which she Is entered.
NEARLY FIFTY YACHTS
WILL RACE FOR CUPS
YOUNG DOGS DO
CLEVER WORK IN
FUTURITY STAKE
King Cotton Fails to Show
the Superiority That
Was Expected.
Long Odds Favorites Are Put to Se
vere Tests — Floodgate, Harleaa
Gladys and Lovina Bon
in Good Form.
Curtl3 & Son's much-touted Btais faror
ite. King Cotton, came within an ace of
losing his chances for even a small bit. o{
the bis Futurity event at Union Park yes
terday in his Ions course with Headwater,
and to those who backed him In the long 1 
odd3 book his scant victory was. to say
the least, a disappointment. Long ar: r >
the hound was quoted at 5 to 1 and \
steady play was made on him. thoush f.fe
odds remained about the, same. If harJ
luck stories were la order It was certainly
up to Headwater's owner to tell a tale of
woe. When the work commenced Kins
Cotton showed a decided Inclination to
keep off the game, and though thl3 ordi
narily would have cost him the course,
the luck was on his side, as the hare fa
vored him several times against Captain
Clarkson's Golden Garter. Cotton haa r.o
cinch In tho second round. Gart^r'a
course lasted but twenty- five seconds.
Floodgate showed more speed than any
of the candidates and ¦won as ho pleaded ,
in a short run.
Short ends were not numerous and bui
half a dozen upsets were recorded. Van
dal, a 5 to 1 stake favorite, went out to
Early Dawn, who sold 3 to 1 for th!9
course. Harlean Gladys and Lovina both
had short runs and are In position to get
well down on the card. Outside of First
Foot the Russell. Allen & Wilson Kennel
is not strong: on probable winners. That
dog did some clean work and figures to
meet Floodgate near the finish.
Quite a number of hounds of which
much wag expected went against stror.sj
hares and were given severe work, which
will handicap their chances to-day and
in some cases necessitate their with
drawal. This makes the finals a guessing
match and it is not unlikely that some
Ions shot will slip In and surprlsa tha
wise ones.
The hares were able to give the young
sters sufficient exercise, and if as atrons
a lot is furnished for the finals the spec
tators will witness some great goes.
The day's results, with Judgo John
Grace's ollicial scores, follow:
California Futurity stake, first round—Con
arey & Roughfs Flying Daisy beat J. Kerri
pn-s Rnxana. 12-r,; I. R. Porter's List Price
beat It. K. Malcom's Achilles. 15-1: Pasha Ken
nels Rearhins After beat Russell, Allen &
V, ileon's Tony Bowers. 6-2; Russell. Allen •>£
;\\ilsr.n-3 Wed, ling Bells beat J. Cane'» I-arir
Ha.n'.r.srs. 13-2: Chlarlnl Pros." Palmyra beat
J. D. Bawyn'i Cartala Kvar.s. 2S-0: Rusypn.
AUti * Wilson's First Foot beat Netherer>t*-
Bros.' Fr-da C. 7-3: Pasha Kennels' Rich Auri
a bye: P. OTxiwd's Cascade beat T. J. <T "¦
nin'9 Vixen, 24-r>; w. D. Murphy'* Crawfrl
Lass beat Conlrey & Rought'n Klghtlnxal*.
10-3: i*u?se!l. Allen Ss Wilson's Ta'.k to M»
beat J. E. Hurl»y'a Bluest. 4-2; II. «. Mu!>r*
Brentwood l>!te a bye: A. L. Austin'* Nor*
Lawrence beat A. C. LUhthall's Master Al
bert, 5-0: F. Jones' Wedgewrmd beat L. F. Car
tels' Bridget Elamey, 12-«; A. T«. Austins
Thorndale beat Curtis &. Sons' Kibosh. ii-S:
R. K. Malcom's Afthra beat M. C. Delano's
"VVaco. 7-4: C. O. Poterynn's Silver Clon<1 b<—.t
Pasha Kennels' Kacy Aneorfote. ZW: Ra?«ell.
Allen .^ Wilson's Scotland Yet beat U. U Tay
lor's Brilliant Beautv. 8M; Pasha Kfnnets'
Rival's An«wer beat HusseU. Allen & Wilson'*
Sir Kdwarrt. 6-0: J. Byrnes" Ma*t»r Blv brat
R. K. de B. Lopez's Warritro. 7-6; F. Jonas'
Harlean Gladys beat R. T:. de R Lopez's V-'n.v
ritral, 8-1; J. L. Ross' Poris beat I,. F. Ka-«
tels' Biddy Banshee. 19-17: P. J. Reilly's Monn
brisrht beat George E. Raubtnser's Rosnrmor.de.
12-2: Pasha Kennels' Row Attwocxi beat T. J.
Rellly's Mtsa Evans. 8-0; P. Jotip*' J,.iv
lna beat P. J. Rellly's LoutfhneasS. 11- 1;
T. J. Cronln's Daisy Pale h»at Ch!a>inl Frnth
ers' Brass Buttons. lO-I; F. Schou">» I.a.iv i\\cn
klrk beat RtisspII. Alien *¦ Wilson's Rtra'ya-.vay
22-14: Rus«ell. Alien Sz T\"ll.«on"s Custiwiiy b.-rit
J. R. Smith's Huntress, 13-4: P. J. R>n: y '3
Karly Pawn beat T. J. Cronfn's Vandal. U-T;
R. K. de B. Ijopez'n Craw^nni H»x be^»t P J
Reilly's Willful Widow. 1(V5: F. J Q pe 3 ' Tom
Hurilck beat Curtis & Sen's Charta, S-4: I^ws
& Thompson's Cora Pearl beat Georsr«» Vrnt
eon'8 Fi Fl. 20-5; Curti* A Son's Psychs beat
Nethercott Brothers' Till!* S. 11-4; Ru3«M
Allen * Wilson's Lord Artfoot beat R. P. Whit
ln^s Sleepy Eye. 3-0: II. A. Deckelman's K.i
raka beat Pasha Kennels' Royal Alamedv DK4J
J. A. Klein's Coronado beat J. R. Smith's
Phauphran. 9-5; Chtarinl Brothers' Bunko Bill
beat M. C. Delano's La Belle. M; TL A. D«fk
elman's Ben Klrby beat R. L. Taylor*» For
Beauty. 12-2: George Parkinson's Ben Lomond
beat R. K. de B. Lopez's Wombat. 1S-7: R. B.
de B. Lopez's Weribee beat Pasha Kennels*
Rare Art. 16-1: Pasha Kennels' Real Artie!*
beat M. C. Delano's M.-vlsey. 8-J: Cbndrsy A
Rousht's Homeward Bound beat R. L. Taylor's
Freedom's Banner. 1S-0; Ix)w« & Thompson's
Pink of Fanhion beat R. L. Taylor's Sir Van.
15-4: F. Sehou's Smuergrler beat Condrey <fe
Roughfs Midnight Belle. 15-1: J. R. Smith* »i
Jenny Sylvanus beat John KeTriyan's Mel'^\
rr.ene. 12-4: Xethercott Brothers' Flooiipate b«.
Beck & Hoffmann's Momns, 12-2; Curtis ft *wj
Rector beat J. R. fjmlth's Injury. 10-«; Curt!»
& Son'* Klr.tr Cotton beat P. M. Clarkioa's
Headwater. 9-8: P. M. ClaxksoTi'ii Golden Gat
ter beat J. Dempsey's Jingle Bells. 1J-2.
Wins Bicycle Baco.
BOSTON. Sept. 8.-TO11 C. Sttnwm of
Cambridge won the "Golden Vase" six
hour bicycle race, two hours a nlgrnt.
which was concluded at Charles River
Park to-night, with 202 miles 1531 yards to
his credit. Scores at the finish:
Stlnson 202 miles 1S31 yards. Archie Mo
Eachern 202 miles 727 yards, Albert Cliam
plon ins miles 43 yards, J. F. iloran 1S3
miles &55 yards.
Oakland 4,' Stockton 3.
The Dudes won by a t-eore of 4 to 3 and
Jt -was all done in a single inning. For
mar.y weeks the Brurarads and the Mill
ers have been scowling at one another,
threatening every sort of dire destruc
tion when the contest for tail-end bu
preaaacy showed upon the boards. It came
yesterday nt Recreation Park and the im
p^ccable Dudes proved to the Stockton
flour klr.rs that there were bat swingers
Ir, Oakiand who could advance the trail-
Ir.p team a point or two when the occa
ei^n demanded it-
OAKLAND
Tl:<» Millers 6tarted The ball rolling tn
the first inr.lr.p. One of the thre« "Macs."
J. McGuckfn, hit to Francks. who was
several ehades off color and threw wildly
tn tint. McG. was sa?<* at the Initial bap.
T)~.ore lie playod until Moore, with nia
Ftrcnjr arm, swatted a double and Me-
Ouckon scored. This made the score 1—0
la favor of the Millers.
The Dudes labored t:n<3er several sorts
c* hallucinations until the fourth, ¦when
they *o - jr.<i their calt. Four runs came of
it, all fasy and rlpht in line with the re
f!i!t of a fireworks display. Frar.ck3
ffirn^d his first bngr on a hit and stole
f^cor.d. Then Arrcllarirji took a Jop to
The first r.aer. A hit hy Moskiman to Mc-
G:ck Fcored Francks. but Arrellan<?3
•nent cm at the third station. Mof;kiman
Fto!e f=econi1 end a swat the "slats"
pave Bowman the ripht to stand on the
first pedestal. Held swatted a eafe one
r.nd Moskiman indented the rubber. Im
mediately after a hit by Manperina ecored
Bowman and Helfl. This meajit four runs
fnr th<» Dudes, enoug-h. as it afterward
pmvr-d. to win the carne.
Try as they would the Millers could not
Ftcm the tide. Several times they came
within striklne distance, but the four
ran in r> single inning proved too many
for th* Dudes. Ir. the fifth and the fi ev
*>rth Stockton scored, but not enough to
win. The score 5? as follows:
AB. R. BIT. SB. PO. A. E.
r>n»r.r.aa, c f 3 0 0 0 5 0 0
RotehtBSOq, lb 4 0 0 0 1J 1 ©
T-'-sTT-ks. e. • 4 1114 4;
Arr^IlarieB, Tb « C 0 0 t E r
Mofk'Tr.as. p 4 111110
3*owmaa. 1. t 3 1 1 0 1 0 C
Ilria. r t 4 1 S 0 2 0 (v
Man«ertnm. c 4 o I o t 1 c
Kare. Cb 2 0 0 0 14 2
Tota!i SI 4 7 t H U 4
STOCKTON.
AB. n. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
?.?<-Carl?tT. !• * 3 0 0 0 10 0
McGuclcen, c f 4 1 C © t 1 1
Moore, fb 3 0 i 0 J 4 0
Ftrelb, lb 4 0 0 1 11 0 0
JTarar. e _ 4 1 0 0 S 1 C
Babbitt. B ¦ * 1 1 S 0 2 0
«~<yjrtney, J*> J C 0 1 2 I 0
MoQaatf, r. f 4 0 0 0 8 0 0
Harper, p 2 0 0 0 0 t 0
Totals t9 ? S 4 :r U 1
RTTKS AXD HITS BY INTTIXGE.
Oakland ~ 0 0040000(^-4
Bt»« M— riJr o 0 14 10 10 0—7
Ef'wikton 1 0 0 S 0 e 0 0 «t-2
Base hits 1 0 0 10 10 0 0— 3
ET.-MMART.
T-'ir.r rerpcneible for— Harper 4. Two-basa
>.'.te— Mere. Babbitt. Eaeriflce hits— McCarthy.
Kane rtrrt bate on errors — Stockton J, Oak
lar.4 2. Ixrft on b»«« — Ftockton 4. Oakland 4.
struck o-jt— By Mosklman 1. by Harper 2. Hit
Vr pitcher— Bosnian. Double play— rranck* tfl
JJutchlnsoa. Time of rame— 1:49. Umpire—
?r-jchey Enilth. Official scorer— J. VT. Staple-
Ion.
Game That Was Close In Score
but Loose in Popular Interest.
About Championship
Events.
One Inning Proved the Un
doing of Cal Ewing's
Team.
CLOSE GAME OF
BASEBALL GOES
TO THE DUDES
Harness and Running Races Are All
Interesting and But Three
Favorites Come First
Under tne Wire.
BY FRED E. MULHOLLAND.
SACRAMENTO, Sept. 8.— There was all
sorts of sport for the edification of visit
ors to Agricultural Park to-day and
thousands enjoyed a splendid day's out
ing. The day was warm and in the fore
noon the crack society polo players drew
a full house.
After the noon hour two harness and
four running- races came up for decision,
the favorites meeting: with varying for
tunes, but three carrying off purses. Th3
Vinctor stake, worth $7-19, at a mile, over
shadowed the other features, even if some
fierce betting was indulged in on the 2:19
trot. There were oniv live starters and
at the weights the crowd could see noth
ing but Willie Sink's I-'ormero, carrying
Ruiz and 117 pounds. The bookmakers
passed out gross after gross of paste
boards with the chestnut's name on thfin
at even money and he lagtimed in a length
ahead of Herculean and Toribio in 1:41.
There was a tedious delay at the post
caused by the unruly antics of Jennie
Reid, Starter Reagan finally getting
them off to an excellent break. Constel
lator made all the runring to the stretch,
where he cracked, and the favorite waded
past his company.
Those who imagined polo a dude's game
played with .111 English walking-stick and
a strap on the wrist have now arrived at
a different conclusion after seeing the
rough work of the balloon-trousered ath
letes on their diminutive steeds. The field
was rough, precluding pretty plays, not
withstanding which a very exciting game
was played. Half of Sacramento will tutn
out 10 witness the next one. The teams
were composed of Walter Hobart, Dick
Tobln, M. E. Flowers and Peter Martin
of the Blues and Tom Driscoll. Charley
Dunphy, Frank Carolan and J. T. Tobin
of the Reds. After four periods of ten
minutes' duration the scor*» stood 4 to i
in favor of the Blues r.nd the tired play
ers welcomed the timer's whistle. Wal
ter Hobart played with his usual clash
and brilliancy, maklnpr two of the goals
for his side. Tom Dri&coll's telling left
handed swipes caught the crowd, whilp
Dick Tobin's clever work bordered on the
sensational. Toward the end Frank Car
olan warmed up. knor-kir.K the only goal
to the credit of the Iteds. Young Joe
Tohln. always a leading factor in the
scrimmages, scored on<: for the Reds,
which was protested and disallowed be
cause the player was not on the off side
It was a llnely drawn decision.
At 1 o'clock the 2:15 class pacers were
called, seven scoring by the judges. Queen
R. the fast daughter of Redondo. driven
by P. \V. Hodges, defeated her field in
three 6traight heats without being ex
tended, the best mile paced being In 2:12^4.
Dick Havey landed second money with
Hermla. In the opening heat Tags fin
ished third, but through some oversight
Hermia was placed in that position, caus
ing a mild kick from the bookmakers.
Sam Hoy and his horse McNally placed
a well-developed crimp in the talent over
the result of the 2:19 trot. IWort the race
it was noised about as a little ham and
eggs for Dora Doe, which sold for $20,
the field $9 and Richmond Chief $6. Dora
took the first heat rather handily in 2:15
from Prince Ansel and then blew a fuse,
for a yard of chain could not get her to
the wire first again. Still sh*» had friends,
the pools celling Dora Doe 521, Richmond
Chief $20 and the field $20. In the second
heat Dora led to the stretch and was
then clearly outfooted by McNally, losing
by a length, once more 2:15 being hung
cut. Th« field now brought $20, Dora Doe
$9 and Richmond Chief $13. Ed Lafftrty.
behind Chief, made a. great bid for the
third heat, but broke sixty yards from the
tape and was beaten a head in a furious
drive. Chief was placed third for his mis
take and Charlie Me given second posi
tion. Three to two was obtainable in the
books against McNally before the fourth
and deciding heat, and he stepped to tow
with all pails reefed an easy winner.
When the Vinctor stake had been de
cided a cheap dash for two-year-olds fol
lowed. Screenwejl I,ake. the favorite,
acted badly at the post, running: unplaced.
Canmore. piloted by Tom Butler, spread
eagled his field, winning eased up from
Location and Eltopic.
A six-furlonp: pprlnt saw the unexpected
downfall of the 4 to 5 choice Mocorito.
Leading into the stretch, the mare quit,
ending up in the show. Stuart rode a
perfect race on Pomplno, the second
choice, disposing of Merry Boy without
nn effort at the elope. Jingle Jingle,
weakly ridden, should be due next time.
Amasa made a show of the bunch in the
closing: event, winning all tli^ way. Phle
pran wac beaten for the place by Pilot.
Summaries:
Pacing, 2:15 class, heats, three in fire, purse
J10CO.
Qu»en R. b. m.; by RedoTulo by Adrian
\VUk*s (Meases'* 1 1 1
Henpia br. m., by Soudan (Havey) 3 2 2
Oafftoprail. ch. h.. by D'.aMo (J. Smith). 6 3 3
Taps. b. m.. by IMablo (Bl*«low) 4 4 4
Starton V.'llken. ch. h.. by Nutwood
¦\Vilk«i fDonnelly) 2 Eds
Alta Oenoa, ch. h.. by Dexter Prince
(Pertano) 6 dl3
Ratatat. b. m.. by Copper King (Wil
liams) dls
Time- 2:i:u. 1:15. 2:16.
Trotting, 2:13 class, heats, three In live, purse
J10O0.
McXally. br. jr.. by McKinney by Al
TOT3LT (Hoy) - 6 111
EKtt-a. Doe b. in., by Dan LowelJ
<Hooper) 12 4 2
Charlie Me. blk. g.. by McKincey (W.
O. Durfee) 4 < t 2
Richmond Chief, rn. h., by Monroe
Chief (LAfferty) 3 3 S B
Belle Ffctchen. b. m.. by Alto Rex
(Ward) 5 4 « 4
Ouiboul, b. h., by Stamboul (L. M.
Clark) 7 6 5 6
Prince Ansel, b. h., by Dexter Prince
(Spencer) 2 7 dls
Time— 2:15. 2:15. 2:15',i, 2:17.
Vlnctor stakes, one mile, value $745.
W. B. Blnk Jr.'s ch. «;.. Formtro, 11T, by
Conveth-Formoea. (Ruiz), even 1
G. Summer's ch. g.. Herculean. 107 (Mounce),
6 to 2 2
"VT. L. Stanfleld's ch. g.. Torlbio, 117 (Stuart),
t to 1 S
Tim*— 1:41.
Constellator (107) 7 to 2 and Jennie Reid (114)
Five furlongs, selling, two-year-olds, purse
(2SA.
W. B. Jennlngn & Co.'a b. c. Canmore.
PS. by Mi«ilothian-F"annle Louise (Butler).
e to r 1
Alameila Stable's b. f., Location, 90 (Logue),
6 to 1 2
Bu«4 Dobl* & Co.'s ch. c., Eltopic. 101 (Col
lls), S to 1 2
Time— 1 :02>i.
T'nilererowth (96) 12 to 1. Tlollta (95) 3 to 1
and Screenwcll Lake (103) 8 to 5 also ran.
Six furlonrs. eelllngr. purse JMO.
J. D. Dunn'n b. z. . PomDlno, 1<X>, by Puryear
D-Ew«t Perry <Stuart>. 7 to 2 i
E. E. Edwards' ch. r.. Merry Boy, 105 (Far
rell). « to 1 2
Abbey Stable's ch. m., Mocorito, 104 (Mc-
Dcnald). 4 to S 3
Jingle Jlncle OOC) 6 to 1. Delia Connor <100)
100 to 1, Cowboy (97) 60 to 1. Fug-den (103) 10 to
1. Bamboulla (1C7) S to 1 and Little Sister (100)
100 to 1 aUo ran. ; . :.¦ :« > ¦
B!x furlonre. Belllnc. parse J200. *"*
J. Crane's b. gr.. AmnPB, 119, by Captain M-
Lady Intruder (Frawley). 4 to 6 i
L. IX McArthur** b. g.. Pilot, 88 (Mounce).
? to 1 '. j
Martin Duffy'a b. »., Phleson. 84 (Fogs). SO
to 1 j
Tlm»— 1:15.
Only M» (107) 60 to l, Caesar Tounr (S9) 80
to 1. Letiter (92) 3 to 1. Jack McCabe (1M) i
to 1 and Abano O1C) 7 to 1 also ran.
Blues- Triumph Over the
Reds in a Close and Ex
citing Game.
POLO PLAYERS
MAKE BIG HIT
AT SACRAMENTO
Special Dispatch to Tht Call.
KErvr YORK, Sept. 8.-^Tames J. Corbett
sailed for Europe to-day on the Cunard
Line steamship Campania, His departure
was surrounded with the utmost Becrecy
and was unknown to some of his moat
intimate friends. "When the former fistic
champion was well past Sandy Hook his
wife announced that they had separated
and that she would sue the pugilist for
divorce. A report that attended hl3 going
was that he had sold out his business in
terests here and might not soon return.
With Corbett went George Considlne,
his manager. Their names did not appear
on the passenger list It was believed
that they had taken passage under other
names. John R. Considine. Corbett's
partner in his saloon, confirmed the report
of their sailing.
Mrs. Corbett was seen at her apart
ments. She said she knew her husband
Intended to sail for Europe to-day. "Mr
Corbett and I," she said, "have not been
living together for about six months. We
separated by mutual consent, and if he
has gone away to stay I shall consider
myself well rid of him.
"I will sue Mr. Corbett for divorce. Ift
fact, I have already begun an action on
the ground of extreme cruelty. I cannot
begin to tell you the cruelties that he has
practiced upon me. Once he held the
glowing end of a cigar against my cheek
while it burned the flesh deeply and I
screamed Jji agony."
Mrs. Corbett said she had made a set
tlement with her husband and that she
was well provided for.
"I know that his fight with McCoy was
a fake," she continued. "My husband
jiirrecd ostensibly to throw the flg-ht to
McCoy. This was done so that McCoy
would not train. When McCoy went to
the garden and my husband told him that
he was sroinjr to fiijht and vAn he had no
trouble in doing so, as McCoy, relying on
the agreement, did not get into condition."
He Sails for Europe With His Part
ner, George Considine, and
.! May Not Return
Soon.
Charges Extreme Cruelty
on the Part of the
Pugilist.
COBBETT'S WIFE
WILL SUE HIM
FOR DIVORCE
THE SAN FRAKCISCO CALL, SITNDA*, BJBJfTEMJbJJfiK ¦ y, . 1 «UU.
WILL ROW IN THE SENIOR
OUTRIGGED SKIFF RACE
28
eGCOO©OGOOOC©OOO0OOG©OOOCe©C5CO8OOOOOOOOOO
Oi ¦ — — ?©
g 8
9 - O
o You to buy a Cheap John Bicycle, as it o
g costs too much to keep it in repair, but g
g if you insist upon having same we can o
o sell you o
~j^> ~ v NEW BICYCLES |
— Others ask more for the O
+ same make of wheel. q
• - e+ o
® also carry A ra^ I n |g k^ )» H- mate m * nufacturer o
g the ... H& I BJf 0 mrB E— mate prices. " g
© AADRAE BICTTCLKS AKB GUARANTEED t>
© AND THEY NEVER DISAPPOINT . . . V* ; O
o ROADSTERS S30 and S40 o
g ROAD RACERS.*.*.".. S50 2
9 TRACK RACERS $60 O
• CHAINLESS S75 °.
q TANDEMS S80 o
O SEND FOR CATALOGUE. ¦ ¦ O
S BXPBHT REPAIRING AT REASONABLE RATES. q
© WE FIT COASTER BRAKES TO A.NTT MAKE OF BICTCLE. O
© SECOND-HAND BICYCLES S3.OO UP. Q
I JOS. HOLLE I
« Phons White 1801. 20th and Folsom Sts.. S. F. o
cQ©9®©so©ss©©soeoocsowc©09eo«eo©oo38c^ec:
ADVEE.TISEHEUTS.
IentSkjo men !
A Hcst Remarkable Remedy That
Quickly Restores Lost Vig-or
to Hen.
A Free Trial Package Sent by Mall
to All Who Write.
Free trial packages of a most remarka-
ble remedy are belr.g mailed to all who i
vill write the State Medical Institute. I
Th*>-y cured bo many men wbo had bat-
tled for years cgainst the mental and
jhyBlcal suffering of lost manhood that !
the Institute has decided to distribute
free trial parkairre to all who write. It
in a home treatment, and all men who
Buffer from any form of sexual weakness
resulting from youthful folly, premature
Jess of strength ar.d memory, weak back,
varicoce!e or emaciation of parts can now
cure themselves at home.
The remedy has a peculiarly (rrateful
effect cf warmth and peems to act direct
to the desired location, giving strength
nrfl development just where it is needed.
It cures ail the ills and troubles that come.
from years cf misuse of the natural func-
tions and has been an absolute success in
all cases. A request to the State Medical
Institute, 228 Elektron building. Fort
"VVajiJe. Ind.. stating that you desire one
of their free trial packages, will bo com-
plied with promptly. The Institute is de-
t irous of reaching that great class of men
who ere unable to leave home to be treat-
ed, and the fre« sample will enable them
to eee how easy it is to be cured of sex-
ual weakness when the proper remed'es
are employed. The Institute makes no re-
rtrlctlons. Any man who writes will be
rent a free sample, carefully sealed In a
plain psickace. »so that its recipient need
Viave no fear of embarrassment or pub-
I'.city. Readers are requested to write
•without delay.
LADD'S GUN STORE,
P^SS^*^*^«1 Kearny «treet. & F., for !
iw^^ riehir.jr Tackle and Eportluc
Gocfie. Tb* lanr««t »u>clc on
th» Pac»Ze Coaet cf every dt^crlptlon. t*en« 1
cent» In poetase etamp« for tb« l*te«t »»*«<•
IDurtmett catalogue, No. i. . jqulshed the government of Cuba, ceded
Porto Rico and also ceded the Philippines
upon payment of {20,000,000 for the latter.
The people of the Hawaiian Islands hav
ing declared them a republic, decided to
annex to the United States, and did so.
OPHIR-C. G.. Los Angele3, Cal. The
highest figure reached by Ophir during
the great mining excitement was $310 pur
share.
McKINLEY AND BRYAN-E. M., Oro.
ville. Cal. In 1S96 William McKlnle- re
ceived 7.104.779 votes and William J.
Bryan 6,502,925.
NATIONAL HOLIDAYS-S. B. R., City.
There are no national holidays in. the
United States. The Fourth of July is not
even such a holiday, for the reason that
Congress has not declared it such.
PEGS AND HOLES— B. R., City. This
correspondent wants to know who is tho
author of "Most of our troubles arise
from trying to fit square pegs Into round
holes and round pegs into square holes,"
Can any reader of this department Inform
him?
BELGIAN HARES-P. H. T., Wanton,
Cal. Any dealer in Belgian hares will
furnish you with literature on the care
of such animals. Tho Interest in the lonr
eared animals has already died out and
the fancy prices have come down. Hares
that were selling two months ago for *3
apiece may now be purchased for SI.
THE DISTRICT ATTORNEY-Wln
chester, City. A citizen hus the right tu
the assistance of the District Atorney of
a county in the prosecution of a criminal
action. The District Attorney may give
advice in civil oases If he desires, to a
citizen who applies to him, but he Is not
by law required to represent the Citizen
In any civil action upon demand.
SHARKEY-CORBETT-J. E. S.. Mon
terey, Cal. The fight between Sharkoy
and Corbett in San Francisco June 24,
1805, -was declared a diaw in the fourth
round. In the flght November 22. 1598, at
the Lenox Athletic Club, New York City
Corbett's second. McVey, jumped into the
ring and John Kelly In the ninth rourd
gave the flght to Sharkey on a foul.
SHEENEY-C, City. The origin of
"sheeney" is obscure, but Is meant to de
scribe a sharp fellow. This word has be'en
conjecturally derived from the Krench
"chien" (dog) and was Insultingly applied
to Jews during the early persecutions by
the Normans in England. Another etymoU
ogy is that It is derived from "Shin." the
initial letter in Shekmah, Shaddl, etc.. and
makes the original application honorable
Generally the word Is considered slana.
THE JURY SYSTEM— Winchester, City.
In tho State of California a. Jury Jn a
capital case is empowered to declare
MAIL FOR NOME— Teach, Truckee,
Cal. The last scheduled steamer to carry
mail to Nome was the St. Paul, which
sailed on the 20th of August, 1900. There
Is however, reason to believe that mail
will be dispatched to that territory as late
as the middle of September.
ENGLISH NAVAL OFFICERS— T. A.
C.7 City. A person desiring to obtain In
formation about one who has been or Is in
the British royal navy should communi
cate with Sir Evan McGregor, permanent
secretary. Admiralty Office, Naval De
partment, Whitehall, London.
JEFFRIES— E. S. G.. City. Jeffries, the
pugilist, was born in Ohio in 1S75.
DIME OF 1842-L. H. L., Berkeley, Cal.
A dime of 1S42 does not command a pre
mium from dealers. . " -
NOT A LEGAL. HOLIDAY— R. G. A.,
City. The 8th of September, 1900, has not
been declared a legal holiday.
FITZSIMMONS" AGE— A. S.. East Oak
land, Cal. Robert Fltzstmmons, black
smith and pugilist, was born In Elston,
Cornwall. England, June 4, 1862.
ERIE CANAL— II. B.. City. The Erie
canal, which connects the Hudson River
at Albany and Troy with Lake Erie at
Buffalo, was commenced in 1S17 and com
pleted in 1825. ;
JOCKEYS-E.' B., City. Lester Reiff,
Rigby and Cash Sloan, tho American
jockeys, were all restored to good Btand
ine on the American Turf Congress tracks
before they rode races in England and
France.
GOLD AND SILVER— Trinity Miner.
The process considered best for the ex
traction of gold from ore is the cyanide
electrical one. and for sliver, concentra
tion For details address the State Min
ing Bureau, ferry building, San 1« rancisco.
CAST-OFF CLOTHING — Subscriber.
City. Any of the charitable institutions
of this city will, upen being notified, send
for cast-off clothing which may bo used
lor men or made over for boys. Look in
the front part of the City Directory for
a list of such institutions.
HYDROGEN GAS-W., Sacramento,
Cal. One cubic foot of hydrogen gas
weighs 30.1545 grains, while one cubic toot
of atmospheric gas weighs 565 grain*.
Generally atmospheric gas is 14.43 times
as heavy as hydrogen gas.
ANSWERS TO
CORRESPONDENTS
Compromised.
Good stories come from the mining
nampR Kometime?. The New York Trib
une Is Indebted for a new one to a trav
eler who had stopped over at Carson City,
New, to look after his own claims.
"A 'strike' was recently made near Car
son." he said, "and it turned out to be
one of such promise that a good-sized
camp soon sprang up around It. The two
principal mine owners were respectively
an Irishman and a Jew, and a» a delicate
compliment to thesf> leading citizens the
re.«t of the miners left it to them to be
slow a name upon the new camp.
"The two had many conferences, but
could not reach an agreement, for the
Irishman Ftood out for a name taken from
the Emerald Isle, while the Jew was for
one that would be suggestive of the
chosen people. The rest of the miners
finally became restless and threatened to
name the camp themselves If an end was
not put to the delay, and this led the pair
to compromise.
"They named the new camp 'Tlpperusa-
AMERICAN NEWSPAPERS-E. G. B..
Brooklyn, N. Y. The article on American
newspapers alluded to in an editorial
which recently was published in The Call
Is to be found in the July number of the
Annals of the American Academy, pub
lished in Philadelphia. It may be had
through any bookseller.
NAT1ONAL DRESS— The American
women of to-day do not have a distinctive
national dress, such as Is characteristic
of the women of Sweden. Norway, the
Swiss Alps, Brittany and other Kuropean
countries. The only class of women In
the United States who wear a costume
are the Quakers. Columbia Is emblematic
of the United States as Eureka is of
California.
CUBA. ETC.-N. A. M., City. The
United States of America did not pay any
thing to Spain for Cuba, nor was any
thing paid for- the. Hawaiian Is'ands. By
the treaty of peace between the United
States and Spain the latter country relln-
whether the penalty shall be Imprison
ment for life or death. If the jury be
lieves that the penalty should be im
prisonment for life it must so state In an
nouncing the verdict, hut If it makes no
such declaration and returns a verdict of
"guilty as charged," then the penalty of
death must be Imposed. There is no Stato
in the Union that provides an extra juror
In any caae to take the place of one who
may be taken suddenly 111.
PROTESTANT MISSIONS IN CHINA—
S.. City. The founder of Protestant mis
sions In China was Rev. Robert Morrison,
D.D., a native of Morphet, Northumber
land, of Scotch parentage. In 1805 he was
sent to Macao and Canton by the London
Missionary toeiety to master the Chinese
language and to translate the Bible into
that language. He reached Canton in
1&07. and in 1S14 ne had completed the
translation of the New Testament, and in
JStS he completed the Old Testament
with the assistance of Dr. Milne Four
yonra later he completed and printed his
Chinese dictionary, which was published
WHOLESALE DISCARDING OF WIVES
«=jpSHE Kiowa, Comanche and Apache Indians, who live on
jj their reservation south of Wichita, Kana.. says the St.
]l Louis Republic, have just passed through a trying ordeal.
Ry decree of the United States Government the men
are forced to give up all but one wife each. There have been
pome pathetic scenes enacted In connection with the enforcing
of this law. Two of the discarded wives of Xarjo. an Apache
chief, committed euiclde. Six squaws belonging to Tall Elk,
a Comznche warrior, killed themselves . because they had to
leave their lord's tepee.
The legal separation commenced at Darlington. * Indian
Apent Mischener and Captain Tulllngton of the regular army
had lppued a call to all the redskins to meet them In Darling
ton. When the lim faint streaks of dawn were showing in the
sky the braves and their wives began to arrive. The men
drove In buggies with their wives beside them. Perhaps the
squaws were better treated that day than they ever had beeni
before, the men devoting themselves to them and showing them
many little marks of affection. The life of an Indian wife is a
poor and hard existence at best. It is the women In the tepee
who perform all the work and earn the living.
Karjo had ten wives and was arranging with the parents
of two young women to bring them into his harem.
Each man was allowed to keep the wife of his choice, and
In every case this was the oldest, ugliest and fattest of the lot.
Perhaps this showed faithfulness on the part of the man to
stick to the woman whose chances for marrying & second time
would be the slimmest.' At any rate, the youngest and -hand
somest of the squaws were discarded.
-Agent Mischener conducted tho examination. In each case
he asked the bucks if they thought' they were pleasing" the
Great Spirit by believing In polygamy, and every one answered
that he did. ,
The discarded squaws were sent away to the agency build
ing. The Government is preparing to take care of the women
until their reservation la thrown open to settlement, which will
be in the coming winter. Then they will have money enough
to keep themselves.
Since the news of the desertion of the 600 squaws' has been
circulated many white men have Invaded the reservation and
carried off dusky brides.
Jn Oklahoma and the Indian Territory there are still many
» relics of barbarism to whichthe Indians cling. One of these
Is the selling of maidens as bridea to the highest bidder. -As
many of the squaws have a headrfght of $5000 or more, many
white adventurers, attracted merely by the pecuniary gain
bargain for these women. Mercenary white men are strivine
to control the lands that the Indians have been given uos
sessfon of. • '
The consideration for a bride is ponies, valued at about $10
each. Sometimes the father is paid part of the purchase nrice
and the balance is worked out. But the Osatea will not let a
bride go on a "stand off." The weddings of tnls tribe are eav
affairs. A number of bucks race for the bride's pony Ind
rnaiden squaws compete In the same way for her robe Durinir
the festivities the bride, elaborately gowned in a white robe
of buckskin, covered with silk and adorned with' many orna
ments, including costly diamonds, emerges from her wigwam
During the race for her pony the bride's mother divests her of
her beautiful wedding garments, .leaving -her clad only In a
night robe. Then the bridegroom runs from his wigwam
throws his blanket around her and carries her off to his happy
home. No word Is spoken throughout the ceremony. After
the wedding the guests assemble in another, part of the town
, and feast on boiled dog, fried dog, canned dog and doc soup.
DEPARTMENT AT YALE FOR
STUDENTS WITHOUT MEANS
Ambitious Youn^ Hen Offered Oppor
tunities to Work Their Way
Through College.
HAVi:x, Conn.. Sept. ?.— A new
ppsrtxaent has just been opened at Yale
:¦¦ students of limited means can
an edneation by their own labor,
ssor C. I.. KiicfceU has been ap
; head of the new department,
is a sort of employment agency.
v : p.. between the Tale men who
d assistance and the merchants who
:•• Rilllns Vo Kiv.- them work. Profes
... . :.. . il wiii diUo investigate lipplica
¦ for rcrnissirn at tuition, scholar
5-l-.i]it. fellowships,, the kinds of eniploy
¦ iYen'd and \h*; manner in which
the work is done by the Yale applicant.
The opportunities for paying expenses
ale iire fiassiiied as follows by the
" .* : .--¦-•
•rises and FCiiolarships. monitorships
boir work, tutoring:, remission of tui
; ... vailing on tst)!e. organizing
;rs. acting a* sul>^<-r;piion agents, news
r work, typewriting ar.d stenography,
leaching in me schools. i>ositions as
r>. telegraphers^ conductor* and mo
¦ i ::.' :. on street cars, ushers, ticket fcII
> at theaters and concert halls and cur-
Ens fcr vards turnaoes or residences of
private families In th« city.
The force of rm :i employed for electrical
work by the Yale athletic organization is
nou- recruited entirely from the
undergraduates. In the theological school
a ntw rynem goes into effect to-day in
the distribution of the money paid to the
uii'ifr^raduatos. The divinity students
will make pastoral visits, lead prayer
caeetlns*V call upon the sick, take charge
Bf city rnissior.F and will be paid pa.rt or
the whoie of their scholarship expenses,
bccortikig to the amount of work they do.
This policy cf distribution of scholarship
funds wafc made at the demand of Presi
dent Had ley; who believes that the system
formerly in vogue tended to pauperize the
students.
The Yale officials f-tatf- that never before
have there been a? many chances for
r-.»mir!K ;•- pan or ajl of ihe college ex
penses as at present. The claes which
was g-ntduatod la?t Jun*- shows that of 327
members, fifteen! entirely paid their ex
penses. fifteen others nearlv all and a
rotal of sixty-nine j^M a lLr K e part of
ih«r way.
EXPLORERS ARE
PUT TO DEATH
BY CANNIBALS
?
Terrible Pate Befalls the
Wells Expedition to
Tortugas.
• . .
Nlne Men Slain in a Sudden Attack
by Savages and Only Tliree of
the Ill-Fated Party
Escape.
¦ .
| i.hii;auo, Fept. S.-A dispatch to the
I Chronicle from Hermosillo. Mexico, says:
¦ Nine cf the dozen members of the Wella
J expedition, which left Ciuaymas last June
I to explore Tortugas. have been slain by
j cannibals on that island. Three men who
, escaped did so only after a fierce light to
| rt-HL-h one of their boats.
The Wells expedition was fitted out by
; Mr. Wells of Hermosillo to explore the
| island of Tortugas. in the Gulf of Cali
fornia. The expedition left Guaymas In a
sloop la^t June. The expedition landed on
the north coast of the Island In July, and
for three days was unmolested. The ex
plorers erected several strong huts, which
they planned to use for forts In case of
attack.
In the afternoon of the fourth'day, when
the entire party was ashore, they were
attacked by the savages. So sudden was
the attack and eo great the number of
their enemies that the small party was
panic stricken. » Their firearms were not
within eaay reach, and many of these
were secured by the savages before the
explorers had recovered from their confu
sion.
Wakpfield Newton, "In command of the
expedition, gave the order to take to the
boats, but only three of the men got
awiiv.
MARRY W. LACY of Boston, who will award the ribbons to the canine
prize-winners at Tanforan, is known throughout the United States and
H |^ Canada as one of the best all-around Judges of dogs that have ever offi
ciated In the ring on this continent. Mr. Lacy is not only a judge of dogs,
but Is • also the editor of the well-knuwn canine periodical, the American Stock
keeper. He is a contributor to several Eastern publications that are purely liter
ary la character, and is a favorite among the smart set of Boston.
Mr. Lacy judged the entire bench show of the San Francisco Kennel Club, In
1S99, and It speaks volumes for the satisfaction he gave that he should have been
selected to Judge all classes at the new venture at Tanforan Park that is to
open on the 26th inst. Mr. Lacy gave up an important invitation to Judge in Eng
land in order to accept that of the San Francisco and San Mateo Agricultural
Association.
NEW YORK, Sept. 8.— General Edward
Wellman Serrell, warned by physicians
that peritonitis threatened his life, three
hours later married Miss Marion C. Roor
bach of Staten Island." The ceremony
was performed at the general's bedside Jn
the Hotel Clarendon by the Rev. Samuel
Tyler, assistant pastor of St. George *
Church. ¦
General Serrell and Miss Koorbach. who
Is a daughter of the late Oroville A, Roor
bach, publisher of this city, have been
life-long friends. They were to have been
married in October, but the general's se
vere illness promoted Him to ask his
fiancee if their wedding could not take
place at once. She consented and the cer
emony was performed.
General Serrell Is H years old. He has
for llfty years been one of the most dis
tinguished engineers in this city. He was
one of the associate engineers in con
structing the Erie Hullrotul and the Cen
tral Railroad of New Jersey. He was
chief engineer of the Niagara bridge,
built in 1850, and of the renowned Hoosac
tunnel. He has large Interests In the pro
posed Isthmian canal. In 1848 he accom
panied the first engineering party of ex
ploration to Panama.
General Serrell was one of the principal
promoters of- the Credit Mobllier, by
whlch the Union Pacific Railroad was
built. "During the Civil War he became
colonel of the First New York Volunteers.
He was chief engineer and chief of staff
under General B. F. Butler In 1864, and de
signed the "Swamp Angel" battery that
bombarded Charleston. He was in many
actions.
A daushter of General Serrell by his
flm wife in the wife of Captain Wain
wright of the First Cavalry, now at Fort
Sheridan.
by the Enst Indian Company at an ex
pense of $75,000. He established an Anglo-
Chlne^e college at Malacca for English and
Chinese literature and for the spread of
Christianity.
THROWING VITRIOL— C. R., City.
The penalty In California for assault with
caustic, which includes throwing vitriol
on a person, is not le&s than imprison
ment for one year nor more than fourteen
years. , • ,-
LINCOLN ASSASSINATION-F. F. S.
Jr., City. For the most complete account
of all the Incidents connected with, the
assassination of President Abraham LJn
coln consult the flies of the New York
Herald at the Free Public Library In this
city from the day after the shooting until
the close of the trial of the conspirators.
The shooting occurred on the 14th of
April, 1S65.
NEWSPAPER WORK— S. D.. Colusa,
Cal. A young man who wants "to become
a newspaper man on one of the American
newspapers" must be possessed of a good
English education, have a command of the
English language, ability to express his
ideas without redundancy, be able to know
what is and what Is not of Interest to the
general reading public and must serve a
time on a metropolitan newspaper. He
must also keep in touch with the events
of the world" and with all tho prominent
dallies of the United States In order to
keep up with the onward march of the
American newspaper.
"W'EDDINO ETIQUETTE— A Subscrib
er, Clty.» Wedding presents are .sent at
any time within two months of the time
of the wedding, but the usual time Is not
later than a week before the announced
wedding. It is not in good taste to send
such on the day of the wedding. The
presents should be directed to the bride
elect, for it is her imperative duty to
acknowledge by personal note each irift
even If only a bunch of flowers, and that
Immediately upon receipt. It is custom
ary after the return of the newly mar
ried couple for the bride to have a recep
tion to the relatives of husband and self
and the friends of husband and wife.
FIFTY-DOLLAR GOLD SLUGS-A. A.
E., City. Fifty-dollar gold pieces, com
monly called "slugs," were coined In
California in the early days before
the mint Was established In 1851.
They were of two formsr, round
and octagonal. They were coined
at assay ottices established under the au
thority of the United States, and there
fore were legal tender, the same as any
other coin minted In the then established
mints. The octagonal onea were Issued
by Augustus Humbert and the round ones
by Kellogg & Co. Dealers charge for oc
tagonal ones from $75 to $90 and for round
ones, which are rare, the charge Is what
the individual who would want one would
be willing to pay.
Latter a War Veteran and Chief En
gineer Constructing Niagara
Bridge and Hoosac
Tunnel.
Miss Marion Roorbach Be
comes the Wife of Gen.
Edward Serrell.
AGED OFFICER
IS MARRIED ON
HIS DEATHBED
Officials Say That Influences Are at
Work to Adjust the Trouble With
the Owners.
T SDIANAPOLIB. Sept. S.-After an all- 1
. cay secret s-e^s-jon the national expeu- j
j five board of the United Mine Work- j
j^ ei.« ol America adjourned to-night at ;
7 o'clock urv.il to-mcrrow. afu.r issu- j
nc r. statement postponing the" ordering !
of a strike pending the result of m-Kotia- j
¦ r.s. Ottkiais say Influences are at work .
;o adjust the trouble, but decline to say i
•'hat they are.
This action means that the miners of. |
the anthracite region rr.ay not btrike to- J
morrow., although o.a::g*r of a strike has
not been remuwd. Tbe men are ordered i
:.. remain in r>-ad:r..^>- to tjo out. The |
ofhciaJs refuse to say how !
far negotiations nave progressed or by]
what means they an: txir.e carried on j
with tne operators.
At o o dock ihit evening a message was :
r:.t to li.strkt Presilent* f Nicholas at!
Hazleton; Pa., as follows: ••Information |
icheg this office thai miners in the an- j
fhracite region are oca&lng work In aa»N
ipation «jf a strike beJns declared to- j
Say. The national board directs i.ie to ad
e ::.:'.', inasmuch :ts neyoilatioas are!
'till pendir.R for a settlement; all miner :
continue work as usual Till they receive :
BJSdal notice to suspend work and to hold •
.themselves in readiness to respond ¦noul-J ;
our effort to effect a htttkraent prove a
failure."
The stc'emoTu Issued by (he board re- j
rlte-s the applications of Districts 1, 7 and I
i of the anthracite rcpion to er.sape in a *
strike because of a refusal of their em- j
ployers to meet their demands, and. con- j
Mr.uinK, 4 ec!arc:i th< * ppposltlon of the !
l.*ri)t»>d Mitie Work- is to ¦ surike except as :
i last resort. Elating that it is tho desire j
Df the organization to adjust all differ- j
•r.ces, so fur as possible, by arbitration ¦
and conciliation:
"Strikes between labor and capital," the !
*:ri!< m«".it eays. "are like wars between!
nations; they brinp hardships, privation ]
and want to the workers and loss of pro- !
Hi* to the employ ert--; yet. when innumer- ;
«l)> v. r 'i.gs have been heaped unon a !
• ople, which they have patiently submit- i
ted to for years, using every honorable !
mfa.if et their command to "remedy the i
rv.Is complained of. without rfsortinjr to i
strikes, and all their efforts for relief have
been arropantJy refused or silently ig- ;
Qored; ihc-y would be false to themselves. ;
their families ar.d th^ir fellowtnen if they !
failed '.o resist any further encroachment j
upon their rights, cvm to the extent of •
mfldr-g fr.r tncnths if necessary with all '
1 • • - ::Tt riri*r it ontai'.s. in an effort to re- !
move tbe evils for all time to come. This i
is the case in the anthracite region.
"The miners,' wacts have not kept pace'
tvlth the <ost of living ind In some in- I
•tanccs hnvo been reduced. They have i
r»oen required to deal in company stores \
and accejw israces based upon an anti- j
TuateU tlidSns scale that invariably elides I
downward; they have had their wages re-
duccd by an arbitrary and excruitam
system Of dockage; »h' :>' have been coin
pelled to wait for inelr pay weeks after
ihe time BpeeifleJ by law and in open vio
lation <.f the same, and in many other
ways theli ris'it* and liberties have been
trampled upon arul in many instances they
have r*en compelled to take their chil
dren from school at a very tender age
In violation of law and put them to work
In tin- br«ak< rs in order to earn sufflcieni
food to Funport tlnir families.
"Ail (if ;h<^e Impositions have been
patiently borne until they are no longer
bearable. The miners have soupht confer
true after conference with their employ
«.t< li< phis to meet them and obtain an
amelioration of their condition. Their
appeals have been ignored. They have
pursued every conceivable conciliatory
me: hod, made numerous preparations and
have offered lo submit the Whole situation
to arbitration-, and all tht-lr cftorts have
bien in vain. They now make application
to this board for permission to >>trike In
accordance with tne laws of our union.
We gr«-atly ueplore the circumstances
which compel Us' to order a strike in that
field, but we feel that we have done all
we posxlbly can to avoid a conflict with
the exception of a slight hope that has
not yet been followed lo a <ielinit3 con
clusion.
"In order that the operators may have a
further opportunity to avert the strike;
that the industry and commerce of the
New England and Easn rn seaboftrd States
'may cot be temporarily destroyed and
permanently Injured by any unnecessary
stoppage of their fuel supplies: that the
many thousands of worker? unpaged In
those industries 1 and In commerce whose
welfare is Interwoven with the mining in
terests may not suffer from causes over
which they have no control, and that more
time may be had to continue negotiations
aiong the line intimated the miners of
the anthracite field ate hereby notified
that the national « xf cutiv.e board does
not deem it advisable to order a strike :o
tak>> efteot September 10. as requested
by the Hazleton convention, but the min
ers of the whole anthracite region are in
structed to restrain themselves for a few
days loneer and hold themselves in read
ings to cease work Imnr^afly upon the
endtnp of present negotiations when, tf
a settlement is not reached; an offlcia'
indorsement of the strike order will be
sent out by this board."
Chicago Carpenters Quit.
CHICAGO^ Sept. S.-Open hostilities be
tween the contractors and union labor
were resumed to-day when at noon about
3fiO0 union carpenters quit work. The>
demanded a half-holiday on Saturday.
The contractors refused to acc»c!e save
during the summer. The carpenters had
returned to work for the contractors un
der special permit? from their unions, al
though the bip building trades strike still
continues, affectine 4u.<>J0 men.
STRIKE OF MINE WORKERS
TEMPORARILY POSTPONED
HARRY LACY WILL BE
JUDGE OF DOG SHOW
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 9, 1900.
EXPEBT WHO WILL PASS ON DOGS AT TANFORAN.
(PHOTO BY BUSHNELL.)
The alligator and the crocodile possess
great strength In the tall. One blow from
either of these an'mals is powerful enough
to break the leg of a strong man.
Knows How to Handle Them.
The doorkeeper of Senator Hanna'a
room at Republican national headquarte-a
has discovered a novel wav of disposing
of unwelcome visitors, relates a corre
spondent. The officer has been guarding
the doors at political headquarters for a
long time and Is able to discriminate be
tween those who should be let In and
those who should be kept out. Not Ions
ago one of the latter class arrived and
asked to see the Senator. "Busy now."
said the doorkeeper. "Take a seat In the
anteroom, please." Presently another
visitor- arrived. He was a ooet who had
campaign verses to sell. The doorkeeper
"sized him up" at once and took him to
the door of the anteroom. "See that gen
tleman sitting there?" he Bald, pointing
to the first unwelcome visitor; "well. <U3t
sit down and say your poetry to him."
In about five minutes the first visitor left
the building. When the poet asrain asked
for Mr. Hanna he was told that he had
gone for the day. — Kansas City Journal.
29
FOR U. S. NAVY YARD AND YALLEJO.
Steamer "Atootlcella."
MON Tries.. Wed.. Thurp. and Sat. at 9:43
a m. 3:15. 8:30 p. m. (ex, Thurs. nUht); Fri-
days 1 p. m. and 8:30: Sundays. 10:JO a. m.. 8
p. m! Landing and office, Ml«;«lon-street Dock.
Pier No. 2. Telephone Main 1303.
FARE * 5Qc -
BAY AND RIVEB STEAMER^
ADVEBTISEMEWTB.
THE 0. R. & N. HO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
From S^far-stre*t 'Wharf at 11 a. M.
CARP $12 First Class Including Berth
FMnC $8 Second Class and Aisais.
STATE OF CACIFORMIA sails
Sept. 10, JO. SO
COLUMBIA sails Sept. 8. 15. 25, Oct. S
Short Un<» to Walla Walla, Ppokane. Butte.
Helena and all point.* In the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points TCaat.
E. C. WARD, General Aj-at.
<30 Market at.
GOODALL. PERKTN'S & CO..
Superintendent*
TOYO KISEN KAMA.
STEAMERS TVirX. LEAVE 'WTIARy. COR-
ner Flmt and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m..
for YOKOHAMA an<i IIONGKONO. c&illns at
Kobe (Hlogo). Najrssakl and Shanghai, ani
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for In-
dia, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of sailing-.
S3. NIPPON MARU
Saturday. September K, MOO
SS. AMERICA MARIT.. Wednesday, Oct. 17. 19n©
S3. HONGKONG MAUU-.-.Tues.. Nov. 13. U0O
Via Honolulu.
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's ofSca,
421 Market etreet. corner of First.
W. II. AVERY. General Arsnt.
AMERICAN LINE.
ITXV TORS. 80UT3Atf?T02r. L0KD0*. TAXSX
fitopplnr at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York Every Wednesday, 10 a. m.
New York Sept. 19! New York Oct. 19
St. Paul Sept. 2C'St. Paul Oct. If
St. Louis Oct. 1st. Louis Oct. 24
RED STAR LINE.
New York and Antwem.
rrom New York Every Wednesday. IJ noon,
Kensington Sept 19'Southwark Oct. It
Xoordland ¦ .'....Sept. J6(Westernland ....Oct. 17
FrtesUnd Oct. J! Kensington Oct 2(
INTERNATIONAL. NAVIGATION CO..
JO Montgomery Street.
•JOMPAGSIS BESrRALS TKAU8ATL15THUB.
•DIRKtTT.LINE TO HAV'RE-PARia
failing 'every Thursday, instead of
Saturday, from November 2. 1S39. at •»!¦¦¦*£»•¦
V> a. m., from Pter 42. North .River, foot of
Morton street. LA URETAONE. Sept. IS: LA
LORRAINE. Sent. M; I.A CHAMPAGNE. Sept.
27: LA TOITUAINE. Oct. 4. .First «1&h to.
Havre, ts: SO and upward. Second class tr>
Havre, $S5 and upward: 6 per cent reduction
on round trip. GENERAL AGENCT— 1TOR
T'NITED STATES and CANADA. 33 Broadway
(Hudson building). N«w York. J. F. FUGAZI
Sc CO.. Pacific Coast Agents, i Montgomery
avenue". San Francisco.
CiiAKIC sTsrCO.-IIONOLULU, APIA
AliCKUM) A.ND SXDNKY.
S. S. AUSTRALIA 'Honolulu -only)
Wednesday. Sept. 19. 1 p. m.
S S MOAVA <vla Honolulu) "to New Zea-
land and Australia Wed.. Oct. 3. 3 p, m.
J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO.. Aqts.. 643 Market St
Pi«f 7. Foot PaciPc St freight Otftca. 327 Marktt $L
Weekly Call.Si.OO per Year
GBA PE-NTJTS.
ROSY TEACHERS
Look Better in the School-Boom
Than the Sallow Sort.
ouns folks naturally like comclv
objects, and ' a good-looking, healthy ;
teacher can do vastly more with puoils. j
cverjthrng clfc considered, than the |
skinny, dyspeptic teacher can. The in-
structor in Latin and mathematics in a j
young JadJes' seminary at Macon. Ga.. j
had an experience worthy the attention !
fit any ic2cncr.
She kept running down a little more
i :;ch year until rir.ally a prenuine case ct
nervons prostration set in and she was
confined to her bed for eight months, a ;
perfect wreck, physically and mentallv.
She an.i her friends'thoujrht it was due j
to overwork, but she now knows it was j
<iue to improper food.
' 'f course the physicians were called j
ir;. but there is almost nothina that can j
*"¦ done in such cases except to rclv on
I selected food and proper care.
mas put upon Gr.ine-Nuts: all ;
medicines, also tea. coffee and iced {
drinks were tsken away. She had Pos- j
turn Food CofTee once a day. 1 he !
rcer jisrt of her food was Grape- j
for this food is made with special
tfffoncz to rebuilding the crav matter
in »&«\ brain and nerve centers.
The lady say?: "I had been reduced
to 95 pounds in weight when I began i
i^injr Grr-pe-Nuts. The new food was 1
«-o dcJicioris and strengthening that \$ x
felt new life at once. I have now de- j
vdoped is.to a perfectlv hralthv. happv. j
stout woman, weiehinjr U5 pounds, the j
ftreatest weight I ever attained, and
havr a wonderfully clear, fresh, rosy
romplexion, instead of the sallow.
bilious hue of the past.
"I never now have a svmptom of dv«-
pepsia nor .iry other nche or ail. Am
physically and I part'cularlv no-
lice the Strength of mind. I never ex-
perience :hat tired, weary frelinj? after
» 4iard day's -abor that r.sed to appear.
My brain_ seems as clear and active nt
night .Tis it was in the mornintr. and I
Mil doinfj t-»vic<* the amount of work I
p ver did. Don't use mv name in pub-
lic, please, but I will answer inanirics."
Name ran be obtained from Postum
Cereal Co., Ltd., Battle Creek. Mich.
AD VXB TISE3£E2ffTSk
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
?. Steamfrs leave Broadway
fcw wharf. San Francisco:
R?*w» For Alaskan Port* — It a.
?*^S2fe^. rn - September 8. 13. IS. 23.
fiJJfiJPj-j. 2S, Oct. 2. Char.?'* to Com-
'?v EvQvOiU ra^y's ateamers at Seattle.
jfVJEl Tvi F° r Victor!*. Vancouver
:»g*L^iS*H (P. C.V Port Townsond. S*-
LI attle. Tacoma, Everett. Ana-
« eortes and New Whatcom
• (Wash.)— 11 a. m.. September
8, 13. 18, 23, 2S. Oct 3, and every fifth day
thereafter. Change at Seattle to this com-
pany's steamers for Alaska and C. N. R'y: at
Seattle or Tacoma to N. P. R'y: at Vancouver
to C. P. R'y.
For Eureka, Humboldt Bay— I p. m., Sep-
tember 10. 13. 20, 25, SO, Oct. 5. and every fifth
day thereafter.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey. San Simeon. Cayu-
cos. Port Harford (San Luis Oblspo). Gavlota.
Santa Barbara, Ventura, Hueneme. San P»dro.
East San Pedro (Los Anjr«le!<> and N«wport— 9
a. m.. September 8. 12. 11 23. 24. 23. Oct. 2.
and every fourth ' day thereafter.
For San Dleco. stojmlnjr only at Port Ftar—
forJ (San Luis Obl»Do>. Santa Barbara, Port
Los Angeles and Redondo (Los Anffele»>— U
a. m.. September ». 10, 14. IS. 23. 28. 30. Oct.
4, and every fourth day thereafter.
For Ensenada. Mardalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. I. a Paz. Santa RoW.l^
and Guaymas (Mexico)— 10 a. m., 7th of each
month.
For further Information obtain company's,
folders.
The company reserves th# right to chantr*
steamers, catling dates and hours of sailing
without previous notice.
TICKET OFFICE -4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hntel>.
COODALL. PKRKIN'S A CO.. Gen. Amenta,
10 Market *t.. San Francisco.
SPECIAL8STS FOR MEN— ESTABLISHED 1881.
Our treatment gives vim, vigor, vitality, strength and ambition to
weak and despondent men, young or old, married or single, regardless
of the cause qf their trouble. We master wasting weakness, unnatural
d-sins, losses', etc., quickly and permanently.
We cure private diseases, including contagious blood poison;
also stricture, varlcocele, hydrocele, rupture, piles, diseases of the
kidney, spine, bladder, etc.
Our remedies, which have stood the trying test of time, are com-
pounded by graduated pharmacists in cur own private laboratory.
FREE TO PATIENTS.
Our methods and appliance- have proved, by thousands of actual
tests, to be superior to all others. Our institution is the largest and best
equipped and our practice the most extensive.
We have Rained our present high standing by curinjr diseases and
weakness, not only in their earlier stages, but those which have become
chronic and dangerous bv bad treatment or neglect. Every member of our
staff has had many vcars' experience in hospitals, general practice and a<
specialists in curing diseases and weakness of men.
'A Any one doubting our ability and wishing to test our methods, reme-
dies and appliances may deposit the price of a cure in any bank in San
Fr.mcisco. If a cure is not effected in a reasonable time the bank
will return the money. Payments may be made in monthly install-
ments if preferred. Prices reasonable, alike to rich or poor. NO
CHARGE FOR CONSULTATION.
Our home cure system is marvclously successful. If you cannot
visit San Francisco write us in confidence and we will send you. sealed,
by mail, a booklet which contains a treatise on all diseases and weak-
n-^ses of men, and much other vihiable ir formation.
DR. MEYERS Sc CO.
ELEVATOR I 7OI MARKET STREET, I Hou^-sjo 5 Daily.
ENTRANCE.! /^l SAN FRANCISCO. | Bvenfn£Vto 8.
flrgfifiKTirwlfl THOlJSANDS TELL TH£ SAM£ story -
'» >« H W J MJl&l A b * nker > n Ne»» York Cit? writes: "Whtn on tho verge of
[C~£Li^^n£L3BJ&SJi committing luicid*. because of my weakness. I commenced the
.'. „- nso of WofMar-Workera and now, thank God, I am entirely welL"
A PRESENT
«j||| FOR WEAK MEN
i&& $&\?T^^^ ' W ' n pUt an EXTRA WEEK'S SLPPLY in each box
AftM? -*!*^f^rw^f xi °' Wonder ' Worker3 8oId donn* thU month to men who ccintion
iV&t&^L Ov^JlgV'y \ lhiS advertisen:en: aad this P»per when they trder the nedicine.
Jk \v~V^I WeII There Is not a case of NERVE WEAKNESS, SEXUAL
Xr^vkli DEBILITY - VARICOCELE, (MPOTENCY. LOST MKNHOOD,
SJiV *w. T a|| neurasthenia, or any derangfmevt of the nervous
-2l8Jx\ jtl V^-4*^ SYSTL« ON EARTH TODAY (no matter what tho causes
V A t^/jfflm or whether the man be c!d or young) that "BECK'S
iMtf / f K wM WONDER-WORKERS FOR MEN" will fall to CIRE EASILY
'MffflJ l/\ yM AND < 5 l ' ICKER AT LESS EXPENSE than any other prep-
'ww&^ $J \ Vi^ erat ' cn mcj te anywhere in the world, tf simply used
W&vh //& \ \ 0NE TABLtT AT A D0SE THREE TiMES A DAY *
P^jjtjiJs ' / fr£\ \ \ BecU'i *Vonc5er- Workers for lien are called ."Ths Worn-Ont
C^*&J!r ' /mS\ \ V an ' J Eest Fr i e3d " by acre thr.a 200,000 inea who fcava besa
l^lrv 'J 1 /! restor8lJ t0 Perfect Vicar scd Full Mtshood by their ese, No
ft}iVl/ Jp*z$r'*>Jl^ iL\ msn w * 2 ° cver csed them failed to get well, =0 matter what his
Wf I j!?t^^S^t r-i age ° r What C6Used hli weakness. Cure yourself at hots*.
7 I /w§ff$*w /rl cwcrc °' f rauds * ho »ro»ta:o my Wcr(!er-\Yorl.er3
/ ' / l *r Wtj^jf 'ffl aBC j steal my advertisements.
WoncUMVorksrs do not coctam any Fhospboru* cr Spaslsh FIt, or any ether of tit n!a-
erals, excitants or poisons that make the vile nostrums sold by tha fraud* and quacks so dJus»er-
ous to human life, and it is Perfectly Safe to use them under any clrcuxajtaaces.
I have more then 50,000 testimonials from Men who have been Cured.
Read My Affidavit of Protection. The Price of My "Wonder- Workers."
me tr h-.n torty-f utir years old effected s evra of Dollar per bst, always cash with tJaa order, fcy
• xtrev.e Nervoat Kxstattlon, P»ln 1b Ut Bttok, ...#»¦« at mm •«»».»«. It w'.tf '«.« .— ¦»«
and an Bnf e«bl«d Condition of t&a Otneral Syi- •*P r « M « y«"r etpcata. it will cast yo« 25
!if?L*\ lkt ii h0 »¦¦}•• *f Jt!' 1 V. ho P nre n*»« »h«» c»»t* to lift It from yo«r express cflks. If you
will t>» held ••crrd, «»dtfe»r«1» itirhtne ef air _ .„„,. .„ ... . „ .?
kind connected wila their sal*. QEO.a.SKCI^ •*•* * ua ' W1 " •« nd ti>st * *T «o« prepaid.
Sworn to In Springfield, Ohio. thul *a*i*g you ten cents. Afl Goods Sent In
CEO. A. BEARD, Notary Public. PUifl Pack.* • tbe sane day wizr is received.
I am tha only man in the medicina ousinejs who has SAtcmtlv swera that the medicine ha
Sells cured himself, aad that «ha namet of aH who buy will be bold .acred. I am the sole owna-
nnd proprietor of "Sack's wandm-Workars for Wee,** and I nsrer hsva had, do not now nor
never will hayo any aEHations la any way witn tha VC. O. D." b!acimail«r», "Doctor by Mail"
ijnpcsttrs, "Fra» Trial" humbugs. "Mafnetic" fakirs, or "Divina Healer" scampa. every ono of
whom aro unworthy of the patronage of any man. If you naTe any dovbt about mo write to Mr
A. R. Coban«b, Cashier of tha First National Bank of ihia city (the bank cf which Ei-Gorenwr
Buahnoll, of Ohio, is President), or to any of you friends who may be liriax bore. Sincerely
GEO. S. BECK, 420 Sooth Market Street, SPRINGFIELD, OHIO.Shoplifters in Court.
Leonora Stewart, alias Ruby Smith, and
Minnie Munson, alias Mary Edwards,
shoplifters, appeared before Judge Conlan
yesteiMay on i«e charge of petty larceny.
Several Salvation Army women wer;e in
court looking after Minnie's interests.
The cases were continued till '-September
13. Mrs. Mary Anderson, 2218 Hyde street,
was arrested in the Emporium yesterday
morning by Special Officer Til ton. She
had stolen several cheap books, which she
United States District Judge de Haven
yesterday appointed the following refer
ees ln bankruptcy: "William T. S. Hadley
at Kureka. for Humboldt County; W. a.
Coulter at San Jose for Santa Clara and
San Mateo counties, and' Charles A. Bliss
at Sacramento, for Sacramento, Yolo and
El Dorado counties.
Kef erees in Bankruptcy.
Trapper's OH cures rheumatism and neuralgia.
Druggists. We flask. Richards & Co.. 406 Clay.
Another lot of travelers* samples and
odd corsets, all colors and sizes, vabje
from 75c to $4 50, will be sold for half
price and less. Also 100 dozen 75c "Coutll"
corsets— five-hook. spoon steel. silk
flossed — at 25c per pair. Chester F.
Wright, 6 Geary street, corner Kearny. --•
Special Corset. Sale.
C. Christer was sentenced by Judge
Conlan yesterday to thirty days In the
County Jail for stealing a newspaper
from a doorstep on Larkin street about
ten days ago. It was thought that he
was Insane and he was sent for examina
tion before the Insanity Commissioners.
They decided that he had sense enough to
know right from wrong.
Newspaper Thief Sentenced.
James TIerney, who lives at Hayes and
Lagtina streets, while under the influence
of liquor yesterday afternoon jumped from
an eastbound Hayes-street car in front
of a westbound car at Hayes and Market
streets. He was knocked down and
dragged along for a few feet till the car
was stopped. He was taken to the Re
ceiving Hospital, where It was found that
he had sustained a lacerated wound of the
forehead and possible | fracture of the
skull, besides abrasions on his hands and
legs.
Jumped In Front of a Car.
The Native Sons are invited to inspect
the specimens of monogram stamping on
notepaper at Cooper's. 746 Market street.
The numerous effects are very interesting
and a visit here repays one. : * t-
Artistic Effects in Stamping.
657:6, duo east 396:8, due north 376, northeast
26S, duo south 778. *500; Paul Tract Homestead
Association to AVllliam E. Elwell, lot on north
east corner Mansell and Uerlin streets, 50x120
$o00; Samuel R: Franklin to, Sarah L. Keyes,
lot 3, block 4, Excelsior Homestead, $430; "Gio
vanni and Palmirl Chlpparl to Frank Pellcano
and Gianbaptista Glonchle, undivided three
fourths of lot on the northeast corner of Hano
ver and Guttenberg streets, $1000; America and
Anpela Suacci to Angelo Devlcenzi, Jot on
south line of Vallejo street. 137:6 feet east of
Montgomery. 26x37,-6, $2500: Rebecca Carson to
Marcus A. Delfs. lot on south lino of Linden
f,^ ue> 110 fcet east of Octavia street. 27:6x50,
$1000; Laura H. Blake to Otto T. Hlldebrecht,
lot on east line of Belvedere street, 133 feet
?£ r i °} F rede rlck. 25x121:10^. $1500; estate of
nichard Plummer to Mary E. McHugh, lot on
south line of Washington street, 155:7^ feet
west of Cherry. 66x57:8, $1350; Eugene Kelly to
Josephine G. Kelly, lot on southwest corner .of
Ouerrero anil Eighteenth streets. 100x90. $5000;
estate of Juan M. Agrutrre to R. M.' Agulrre.
lot on rast line of Powell street, from 65 south
of Hroadway to 117:2 south, irregular shaped
piece. $7000; Ferdinand E. Hesthal to William
J. Hesthall. lot on southeast corner of Green
wich and Jones streets, 22:6x60, $3000; Frederick
and Louise M. . Bonn to the Southern Pacific
Company, lot on corner of West Railroad ave
nue and Thlrty-elRhth street. - $1500.
If an owner desires to have a basement six
l ee ., ... Kh> ln connection with a three-story
bulldins to contain flats, he will be compelled
to carry out the conditions of the law. which
requires him to have the walls, footings, etc.,
the eame as if it was a four-story building.
He can only override the law by havlne half
the heTsht of the basement under ground. If
an owner leaves six feet of clear space above
the Krounil for basement purposes the powers
that be clearly say that they will consider that
a story, and framing- and construction gen
erally must correspond to the law. If on the
same lot the owner digs down three feet in the
cold, cold sround, well, then it will only be a
basement. So in order to have basements here
after half of the contemplated height must be
under pround. If you go above the ground six
feet your walls must be four inches thicker,
your studding must be heavier and generally
the cost jrreatly increased.
The Hageman Brewing Company has
made contracts for the erection of a
three-story brick building adjoining the
malthouse and storage building: for -the
brewing: plant on the cast; lino of Eighth
street, 100 feet south of Harrison, the con
tractors being R. Keaiinge, AVestern Iron
\Vorks, Adam Beck and Robert Trost, the
cost to exceed $16,900. Other builders' con
tracts have been placed on record this
\week as follows:
Isaac Comann with Erik Brothers, for a five
room cottage on the Garden Tract, Homestead
Association, cost $1200; James L. Flood with
Electrical Engineering Company, for electric
lighting, etc., for a three-story and basement
residence on the north line of Broadway. 137:6
west of Buchanan, cost $3875; Miss B. Eels
Colby with J, L. Arthur, for a two story, base
ment and attic frame building on the west Him
of Taylor street. 65 feet south of Washington,
cost $6700; Caroline Wineertnet with Ferdinand
Wagner. C. Krecker and Duffey Brothers, for
a two story, attic and basement frame resi
dence on the south line of Clay street, 95:2 west
of Pierce, cost $11,233; Edward F. Delger with
W. B. Anderson for alterations and additions
to a frame residence at the northeast corner
of Fair • Oaks and Twenty-fifth streets, cost
$42C2; the Methodist Book Concern with An
drew McElroy, for alterations and additions to
buildings on the south line of Market street,
between Sixth and Seventh, cost $2471; St.
Luke's Hospital with Cahill & Hall Elevator
Co., for passenger elevator in pavilion on the
west line of Valencia, cost $1795; San Fran
cisco Settlement Association with Frank A.
Howkins, for alterations and ¦ additions to a
two story and attic brick building on the east
line of Center place, > between North Park lane
and South Park, cost $12,225.
Bovee, Toy & Sonntag will auction at
Los Medanos station, on the Southern
Pacific road, at noon of. the 22d inst. the
L. L. Robinson property, the Los Medanos
ranch, and also town lots in AJitloch and
p. ew Tork Landing. ' The ranch consists
of about 8000 acres. It has a large front
age on the San Joaquln River.
David Bush & Son report additional
sales of lots . In the San Martin ranch in
Santa Clara County for Phillips & Va
cnel. The largest parcel sold consisted
of 680 acres. This was purchased by John
N. Newton. The price was $20,000. Lots
50 and 61 in the San Martin ranch- have
been sold to W. C. Atwood af the rate of
5125 per acre. The lots embrace tea
acres.
TRANSACTIONS IN REALTY
*-ir— jHE sales of realty in San Francisco
I last month amounted to $935,152 an<l
jl numbered 244. Tne : distribuUon by
districts and th« amounts received
were as follows: Flfty-varas, twenty
four In number, value $131,834: 100-varas,
number thirty, . value, $134,585; city slip
and water lots, number one, value $5000;
South Beach, three lots, value $52,350;
Potrero. lots,. value $29,600; Mission,
Bixty-six lots, value $153,454; AVestern Ad
dition, sixty-seven lots, value $377,019;
South San Francisco, twenty-four lots.
$13,130; outside lands, eighteen lots,'$3S,
150. ; The total of the loans during Au
gust amounted to $953,676 and the releases
in total were $1,192,305. The mortgages
numbered 2S7 and the releases numbered
239. .
Magee's Real Estate Circular reports
that there Is more demand in this city
for sites for factories than for any other
kind of real estate. There is some in
quiry for fine business property and for
property vacant or Improved on ' Pacific
Heights, but the demand is not very ex
tensive. „.-
Deeds have been recorded this week In
which the consideration, figured on the
basis of the Internal revenue stamps at
tached, was as follows:
Joseph P. Stearns to Albert Heyer, lot on
south line of Page street. 106:3 east of Shrader,
25 by 137:6, $10,000; Patrick and Annie Larkln
et al. to Bllen A. Glynn, undivided two-thirds
of the property on lot on the east line of Va
lencia street. 173 feet south of Sixteenth, 32 by
70, S6500; estate of Mary L, Klinn to Ellen A.
Glynn. interest in the preceding, $2333; Eliza
beth Harris to George B. Cordano, lot on north
east corner of Twenty-second and Capp streets,
east 32:6, north 120, west to Capp street. 117:5.
$7000; Benjamin Healy to Mary S. Moulton,
lot on south line of Union street. 91:8 east of
Jones, 45:10 by 60 by 25 by 10 by 20:10 by 60,
14000; Margaret N'olan to William F. Breeze,
lot on east line of Jones street, 112:6 north of
Ellis, 25 by 87:6. $10,000; Hibernla Savings and
Loan Society to Daniel Gallagher, lot on east
line of Second street. 137:6 north of Harrison.
6%:9 by 125:6. $4000; estate of William Quane to
Otto Turn Suden, lot on. east line of South
Park, 25 northeast of Center place, also 197.6
northwest of Brannan street and 392:6 south
west of Second. 20:6 by 137:6. $2675; William
and Matilde Noonanto Henry and Catherine
Jenkins, lot on southeast line of Natoma street,
275 northeast of Sixth. 37:6 by 80. $8000; Calla
ghan Estate Company to David Lewis, lot on
west line of Eleventh avenue, 175 feet north of
I street. 50x120, $1600; Henry F. Jr. and Clara
IC Hlanchet to Isaac and Mary Comann, lot
on northwest corner of Salinas " and Crane
streets, 100 by 100, $1000; Elizabeth M. and
Charles C. Wilson to . Henry Mantels, lot on
north line of Page street. 131:1 west of Clayton.
DO by 137:6. $JOC0; Edward J. Vogel to Bernard
and Amilda Gaffey, lot on' south line ofBros
nan »treet, 2S5 east "of Guerrero, 20 by 30, $1000;
Giovanni and Louise Talerl to Paoli Barozzi
lot on west line of Ohio street, 57:8 south of
Broadway, 20x52. $3000; estate of Constance
Kreuser to Edward Rowland, lot on south line
of Union street. 69:2 east of Jones, 22:6 by 120
$2000; William H. Horan et al. to. Louise E.
and Rose Barton, lot on north line of Natoma
street, 100 feet west of Seventh. 25 by 75 $3500-
William W. and Carrie F. Rednall to George
and Annie C. Sherman, lot, on northeast corner
Kan Bruno avenue and Twentieth street, 50 by
100. J15C0; Edith C. Sedreley et ¦ al. to Joseph
McDermott, lot on west corner of Fourth avenue
and M street. 111:6 by 36, $1250; Charles J. Lin
dcr to David Emerson, lot on east line of
Shrader street. 125 feet north of Frederick. 25
by 134:8i.i, $2000; Louis Metzger to Louis P. and
Caroline Meany, lot on east line of Bryant
avenue. 55 feet north of Twenty-second 30 by
100. $2000; Dorothea and Helnrlch Landschneider
to George and Mary Hotte. lot on eaat line of
Mission street 220 feet north of Twenty-fifth,
40 by 115. $3500; Charlea and Marie Klein
to llusrh and Bridget Boylan. lot. on north
line of Xatoma street, 150 feet east of Sev
enth, 22x75. $3000; Frederick E. and Carrie M
Wadsworth to Ernest I. and Charlotte Johan
sen. lot on west line of Mississippi street. 123
feetvoouth of Solano, 25x100, $1000; estate ' of
Juan M. Atfulrre to J. H. Cornahrens, lot on
northeast corner of Turk and Webster streetu,
and north line of Turk. 26 feet east of Web
ster. 25:9x137:6. $7500; William and Jeanette
Wolf to Orel M. Goldaracena, lot on southwest
corner of ElUs and Jones streets, 87:6x50. $35,
000; William w. and Carrie F. Rednall to Oli
ver J. and Margaret Peterson, lot on southwest
corner of Utah and, Marlposa streets, 37:«xlOO,
$1500; Emily E.' Barstow to William H. Buck
ler, lot on north line of Lake street. 80 test
wett of Third aveaue A -west 657:9, northwest
Mrs. H. Emerson, 109 Ninth street,
swore to complaints In Judge Cabanlss*
court yesterday for the arrest of her hus
band, E. W. Emerson, on charges of
threats to kill and batten'. She showed
a badly, swollen eye as evidence of the
battery, charge and said her , husband,
after beating her, had left the house to
purchase a revolver with which to kill
her. They, had lived unhappily together
for the past five years.
Causes Husband's Arrest.
Dredging on "Weaver Creek at Weaver
ville will begin about Thanksgiving time.
C. D. Galvin, who will conduct the opera
tions, has the dredger purchased. It has
a capacity of 2500 cubic yards per day.
Judge Gray at Oroville has decided six
suits brought by various property own
ers along the Feather River against
Higgs. Bates & Freeland. In each case
the judgment 1b In favor of the plaintiff.
Biggs and his associates located claims
in the river bed near Oroville for dredg
ing purposes. Actions were brought to
recover the property. The decision was
based on the doctrine that the boundary
line in such eases extends to the center
of the channel when not»otherwise stated
in patent or deed of conveyance.
The arrangements have been made for
the continuance of work on the Hite
mine, in Maripbsa County, which has a
great record as a gold producer. Captain
A. H. Ward, the Miners' Loan and In
vestment Company of Boston and Cap
tain H. H. Todd of A!ameda-are In the
deal that has been arranged. The Hite
Cove Gold Mining Company pays $46,000
to Hite and takes possession. The 1100
foot shaft will be put down another 200
feet. The ore chute will be drifted on
and new appliances will be put in. Cap
tain Todd will probably remain at the
mine as manager.
The following mining properties have
been transferred from me Santa Tsabel
Gold Mining Company of Wyoming to the
Santa Ysabel Gold Mining Company of
Colorado, all being In Tuolumne County:
Miller & Holmes, Knox & Boyle mine
and mill site. Gray Eagle quartz mine and
mill site, Wyman Consolidated quartz
mine and eighty acres of adjoining land,
also buildings, tools, etc. The considera
tion is tTO.OOO. These properties are
known as the Santa Ysabel group. They
are equipped with electric and steam
plants.
I have been In Antelope Valley a few days
fishing, and naturally I have been greatly in
ters£tc4 in the new mineral developments of
this district, and I will tell your readers some
thing that has never failed yet to interest and
excite envy. There Is no occasion for going: to
Cape Nome or the Klondike. I was never more
surprised in my life to hear of the new and
rich locations in this part of%Mono County, and
placed little credence In the reports. But see-
Ing is believing, and I must say that I have
<op n enoueh to convince the most skeptical as
to the preat value of the ore deposits here. Mr.
Carter has a vein near Little Antelope that
takes the cake. It is 20 feet wide and Kives
a. return by free milling tests of J&0 01 per ton.
Iteub Terry ha« a very fine prospect near the
old Boardman sawmill, in the eame locality,
that is rich in both gold and silver. In an
easterly direction and about five miles from
the«e localities Mrs. Haslam of Carters has a
location. The Queen Bee. on a vein <0 feet
wide It prospects exceedingly rich In coarse
gold The lady is camping on the river near
John Trumble 1 * place, where we prospected
eonvs of the rock which I brought from the
mine myself. I think, taking It straight across
the vein and not sorting In any way, that It
will yl»ld at mill from J«0 to $43 per ton. On or
near the southern boundary of this location
the parties have discovered a vein about eight
feet wide running parallel with the Queen Bee
that p-ospect* well in free gold. John Trum
ble has the northern extension of the Queen
I5ee and free gold is found the entire length of
the location.
on the chores of Owens Lake and hearing of Its
cleansing j>ropertles. predicted that at eome
time th^ clay on the shores of the lake ¦would
be more valuable than the soda that is being
so extensively produced from the lake waters
by evaporation and crystallization. In order
to bring- his theory to a test he sent specimens
cf the c!ay to various ixjints to have It. an
alyzed and to find out if there was any min
eral of marketable value therein, and also: to
interest men of capital in the property should
it prove of commercial value. For a long time
his efforts mei with no success, but at last a.
friend of his sent a sample of the clay to Wil
liam S. Bell, a capitalist and one of the prin
cipal owners of the quicksilver mines of Lake
County, and who is also a practical chemist.
He made an anaiysis and Immediately became
interested in the project, as the clay contains
presumably enough aluminum, to make it one
of the greatest properties in the State, if it
can be successfully worked on a large scale.
A few days ago the Judpe received notice to
meet Messrs. Smith and Bell at Keeler. where
they would look over the situation. Mr. Davld
fon showed them the extent of the country
from which the mudyrould be taken. They
were much pleased with the outlook and located
16,000 acres in placer locations. They also have
an option on the lake front from Olancha nin
iJnff north to Cottonwood.
A Mono correspondent of the Sonora
Union-Democrat writes:
had placed in a satchel. She was booked
on a charge of petty larceny. She had
J16 in her pocket, and as she was In a
delicate condition "Warrant Clerk Peery
accepted $10 for Iner. release.
as the. lady whoss hospitality he enjoyed.
"I've nothing: to say now," said Demek.
"When.it comes • to court, I will be on
hand to speak."
• Goz was found . at the ladles' tailoring
establishment where he works, and tola,
as his wife had, the story of their mutual
agreement to separate. Goz was quite as
cold and Indifferent as his* wife. Only
once did his voice break and that was
when he mentioned his little two-year-old
son, and told how he had heard that lit
tle Louis "was asking why "papa" did not
come ¦ home.
"It is true," said Goz, "my wife told me
she loved Demek and that he loved her.
'You can't love two men at once,' I said,
and so I went away and Jeft her to
Demek. I would not force myself upon
her.
When we were first married," went on
Goz, "I had a.somewhat similar experi
ence. "We were just married one week
when she told me of a man who was call
ing upon her and who told her that he had
money and asked her to fly with him.
Then I persuaded her to stay with me.
This time I let matters go as they would.
I am employed all day and I have been
told^that for more than three months
Demek has been a continual visitor at my
home during my absence. That Is why
I am doing nothing to keep my wife with
me "
The only one who seems to be suffering
at all by this change-around experience is
Mrs. Demek. Driven from her home on
Wildey avenue by the husband who found
a younKer and a comlier woman to love,
she has taken her little 7-year-old boy to
a rooming-house on Xinth street and is
trying to provide for herself and him by
working in a fruit cannery.
- "I am earning about $120 a day," she
said. "I work from 6 In the- morning till
6 at "night. When my husband told mo
thatOie was going, to desert me for Mrs.
Goz I begged, him on my knees to stay
wlth-me. He'said "I can't; I must go to
Mrs. Goz.'. Then I told him he need never
expe£t;to come back to me. He did not
care. He'.went.' <The night'I went up to
the Goz home/ I. don't know why' I 'went,
but when I saw my husband there with
that woman, I could not restrain myself
and I smashed the violin on his head."
All the parties Interested in the suits
are Hungarians, and with the exception
of Demek they find it difficult to tell in
English the romantic tale on which they
base their claims for divorces.
In corroboration.of her statement Mrs.
Goz. summoned Derricks Tfae "barkeep "
however, was not. so glib with his facts
"My husband .was cold," she said. "He
chilled me. I cannot live withoutlove so
whenDemek toldmerthat-.he'loved me I
went to my husband and said : .'You do
not love me. Demek does. I love him
also. You had better go and leave me
with him. 'Very well,' said my husband
He f went away and Demekicame at once
to live here with me." *"
Mrs. Goz discussed her unusual position
in -the most matter of fact manner yes
terday. She spoke of her love for Demek,
to whom she referred proudly as "a musi
cian and a barkeeper"; said she loved him
and he her. and that without love she
could not live. Yet she told this burning
tale in a very matter of fact manner, her
cold face never.- once showing the sllght
es trace of the passion she claimed to so
keenly feel.- - . .. :¦.
Tuesday evening Mrs. Demek went to
the. Goz flat and, entering unannounced,
she found the tailor's wife and her faith
less husband seated at the dinner table.
Mrs. Goz was singing and Mrs. Demek's
recreant spouse was accompanying her
on the violin. The sight of this domestic
bliss was .too much for the deserted wife.
She snatched the violin from her hus
band's- hands' and smashed it on i his
head. Then, having put a stop to the
music, she returned to her room on. Ninth
street. ¦ - '¦ • •
This arbitrary surrender to the dictates
of the mischievous little god would prob
ably have gone on smoothly to the end
had not Demek had a wife who also loved
him and -who refused to let the Goz
woman have him all to herself.
ings from the house and Demek moved
in.
Mrs. Maria Goz Is a comely Hungarian,
21 years of age. and with a residence at
230Vj Fulton street, where up to Tuesday
morning last Louis Goz, her tailor hus
band, lived with her. On Monday evening
Mr. Goz, Mrs. Goz and Mr. Demek met In
the Fulton-street flat for a short confer
ence. Mrs. Goz told her husband that she
loved Demek and Demek declared he
loved the lady .in return.
"Very well," said Goz to his spouse,
"you have not pot two hearts, so you
can't lova both of us. If you don't want
me I will go." ;
Thereupon Goz retired, leaving his wife
to entertain the man she said she had
learned to love at first sight. Tuesday
morning the tailor removed his belong-
C7 n* MRS. CLARA DEMEK has ap
//\/\ pealed to the law to rid her of
jl jA Yk the hateful bonds that bind her
to Albert Demek, her husband
of nine years' standing. She prays for a
divorce on the ground of infidelity, nam
ing Mrs. Maria Goz as corespondent.
Louis Goz, husband of Maria, has
brought suit for divorce from the woman
who for nearly four years has borne the
name of Goz, alleging undue Intimacy
on her part with Albert Demek.
These are the plain and simple facts
that are causing the supporting pillars of
two humble homes to crumble away, but
behind them is a story that would fire the
heart of Ibsen or Tolstoi and make a
drama or a tale that would hardly pass a
The oil excitement has extended from
California to Chicago. .In the great West
ern city an oil and mining- exchange has
been organized and an agent has been In
this. State looking into the subject of
California oil stocks to be sold in
the new exchange. There have been
fraudulent # performances In
with certain alleged California cor
porations in the East that have
tended to cast discredit upon the legiti
mate oil-producing companies. Joseph L
Ball, who represents the Chicago Oil and
Mining Exchange as secretary, says that
it is the Intention of L.s associates to deal
in only reliable companies. Chicago will
be willing to supply capital to assist In
the development of the California oil
fields when the facts are well known
there. He is, also of opinion that the Chi
cago'exchange will be able to prevent the
marketing 1 in .the East of worthless oil
stocks. • . ...
"We shall require companies that we
list," he says, "to 'send reports of field
progress and we will exchange quotations
with the California oil exchanges. In this
way we will be able to keep the public
properly Informed."
Louis Blankenhorn describes what he
has seen In the Kern River Held as being
something to astonish any one. From
many commanding points one may see a
tract now six miles long and about . two
miles wide on which within one year'there
have been'drilled one hundrea wells. "All
but a few of these are producing. Many
wells have also been drilled outside of the
defined territory. The supply Is hampered
only by the facilities for transportation. In
the past month mule teams have given
place to oilcars and railway accommoda
tions. There is still a lack of tankage.
The clearing-house of the Los Angeles
Oil Exchange Is about ready to operate.
The board of governors of the exchange
has decided that there will be no puts and
calls on the floor of the exchange here
after, the members of the board being of
opinion that they hurt cash business.
A tract of 800 acres in the Sunset district
has been brought under the control of
Clark & Bryan. No stock will be Issued
nor will there be articles of incorporation
to file.
There is a wellln the McKittrlck district
that Is reported to be spouting at the rate
of 500 barrels of oil per day and shooting
up the greasy fluid to the height of forty
feet. The whole tract has been deluged
and every crack and crevice is filled with
oil. .
The reassuring words of C. A. "Watson of
the Standard Oil Company to the produc
ers of the Kern River district to the effect
that his company is in the field only to
handle the output has not prevented the
formation of the Producers' Oil Storage
Company, which has for its aim the han
dling and marketing of the oil produced
in -the district. Considerable discussion
preceded, this action and conflicting opin
ions were expressed concerning the benefits
and possible damages to come from the
entrance into the field of the Standard Oil
Company. The plan of organization
adopted by producers of oil is about as
was foreshadowed In this paper.
j On the first day , of. August there were
2S0 rigs and drilling wells reported In the
oil fields of California. Thirty days later
there were 439. Attention is called to the
fact that no district has yet been fruitless
ly exploited. Capital is going into the
enterprise with augmenting speed and
some of. -the foremost moneyed men of
the State are largely interested. Three
large enterprises have" been financed In
Southenr California within a very few
weeks, these including the Bard property
In Ventura- County, «. the Plru and the
Ollnda ranches, -all of -which have called
for the expenditure of . large sums or
money. -
The Redding Free Press reports that
drilling is about to begin In Shasta
County.
August was a record month for the Los
Angeles Oil Exchange. There were sold
on the floor of the Exchange 344,087 share3
for the sum of $110,7S0. Of unlisted stocks
there were sold 150.450 shares for J89S1 25.
Solid Capitalists Are Investing in
Various Parts of the State and
Large Enterprises Ar«
Talked Of.
Western Exchange Has Sent
Agent to Look, Over
the Field.
CALIFORNIA OIL
EXCITEMENT HAS
STRUCK CHICAGO
The rumor is given currency that the
Murray group of copper claims in the
Backbone mining section has been bond
ed. Expert* have been in the vicinitv of
the Balakala mine adjoining, and have
tried to make some «ort of a survey
There are tifteen claims belonging to W
?£ i> u Pli 4 \ of S ha * ta - which lie beside
the I>ala.kala. which are now being de
veloped by the iron Mountain Investment
Company. These claims have been little
developed. The Inyo Independent says:
* A J*^. 1 * > , a - r5 ag(> our ;ell01r townsman. Judge
A. \. Davidson, noticing the dark clay or mud
The >5ary.sville and Nevada Power- and
Water Company proposes to build a ditch
Jrom the Feather River. At a point nine
teen miles below the dam it will discharge
3000 inches of water under a pressure of
4'*') feet, io furnish ISO) horsepower. From
that point it is proposed to construct a
ditch and flume that will earn,' $000 inches
• if water tiffin miles. It is considered
practicable to discharge 4000 inches of
water into the Yuba River under a pres
sure of 120U feet, furnishing 1200 horse
power. A tunnel will carry the water
thmujrh the divide separating North Yuba
from Dry Creek.
Ttoe Chamber of Mines reports that the
regulations of the Ontario Government
d<> not call for monthly reports and that
thi? chamber has found it difficult to ob
tain information under affidavit, but that
this -will be soon overcome as the advant
ages ni-c recognized. One statement from
the report is as follows: "We would beg
to s.iv that the members of our chamber
have no e,-lnt=h purpose to serve, nor any
monetary interests whatver in the insti
tution, beyond a desire to forward the
pi nrral welfare of the country and more
particularly to encouraue the develop
ment of the valuable gold fields now lying
comparatively dormant in Central Can
cda."
Theodore Win Wagenen has written
en article for th* Mining and Scientific
Prep? in which occurs the following:
"Americans are accustomed to date the
history of mining in the Western United
States from the days of 49. but. nearly
half a century before, copper mining at
Fanta Rita. Xew Mexico, was a. flourish
ing business: while thirty years back of
that date < about 1770) there was a pro
ducing gold mining camp on the Cali
fornia hanks of the Colorado River, about
one hundred miles above its mouth— that
is. productive from a Mexican point of
view." The region is now known as the
•'Pot Holes." A dredger is now being
built at Yuma that will explore the
mouths of the Pot Hole ravines.
Some of the statements embodied In
statistics are as follows: The deepest
shaft ox pit in the districts enumerated is
420 leet; the lowest result furnished by
er.y assay was $4 64 per ton; there are re
yoris of assays ranging to ?1 H J66 per ton.
Several assay renorts read as follows per
ton: S2161 70. J207& Zi and JGfcS 40. The rich
€f=t assays are of ore from the Manitou
Lake and R&bipoon districts. The results
from mill orushir.gs run from $8 OS per ton
value of gold ore to $24 3&, ¦which latter
i'.izxirff mark the top.
The publication of these reports Is quite
ftn expensive matter, as there are pages
of figures that account for the mines and
rarts of mines from which the ores were
takers, the depth of shaft, the description
of ore, agrrrt pate size of reef, when and
l>y whom assayed, etc If the idea was
lo furnish a complete understanding of
The districts— which are the Shoal Lake,
3-.ake of the Woods, Manitoba, Wablgoon,
J^turjreon Lake, Manltou l>oke. Manltou
XJoundary. I'pper Manitou and Kagle
iLake districts— no better means could
have been employed.
The Central Canada. Chamber of
Mines, having headquarters at Winnipeg.
!» eyeterna-ticaily booming the mineral re
sources of its section and to show that
til the figures Included In the reports that
;t sends out are authentic attention Is
called by circular letter to the fact that
'•this Information is given by us under
affidavit." A monthly bulletin has Just
¦been, received from the chamber, which
contains a limited ftatistlcal analysis up
to July, 1S00. of the Central Canadian sold
Se!ds. The results of assays are pub
lished, "under affidavit," and the figures
are the interesting part of the report.
For Instance, Charles Brent, who says
he has made over two thousand assays of
pold-bearinsr quartz from the reefs of
Cer.trai Canada, avers, under oath, that
"after eliminating ell that went over $100
per ton the average was over 511 per
ton-" Brcrst Is the manager of metal
lurgical Tvorkts at .run. Portage. Ti^ere Is
also an affidavit by W. A. Weir, man-
Efrer of the Imperial Bank of Canada.
Canadians Adopt System of Eeport-
Ing Mining Statistics Under Oath. ~
Ditch to Be nineteen
Miles Long.
Chemist Reports That It
Has a Large Percentage
of Aluminum.
BONANZA MAY BE
FOUND IN DUSKY
OWENS LAKE MUD
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,. SUNDAY,, SEPTEMBER 9, lyoo.
Tailor Goz Surrenders His Spouse to Barkeeper Demek,
Who Won Her at First Sight, and Then Forsook His
Own Lawful Wife to Gome to Her.
LOVES ANOTHER MAN AND SO
HUSBAND GIVES HER TO HIM
30
DRAMATIS PERSO2TAE TN A LOCAL IBSEN" DRAMA.
0
SEASON 1900.
We Are Now Showing
Elegant Lines of tlie
Following New Goods.
Ladles' Silk, Cloth anl Flannel Waists. Ladles'
Silk, Moreen and Sateen Skirts. Ladles' Eiderdown
Sacgues and Bath Rohes. Ladles' Feathe? and Fur
Scarfs Qnd Fur Collarettes^ Ladles' Fine Muslin and
Wool Underwear, Corsets, Gloves and Umhrellas. La-
dies' Fancg Neckwear, Fancu Ribbons and NoYeltg
Handkerchiefs. A Magnificent Stock of New Dress
Fabrics, loth Colored anl Black, New Silks and Yel-.
yets, -New Laces and Trimmings, Lace Tidies, hoth
Real and Imitation, Lace Scarfs and Bed Sets, Im-
ported Cloths for Tailor-made Suits, French and Ten-
nis Flannels and an enormous stock of New House-
keeping Linen Goods.
Orders by mail receive prompt attention.
Samples sent lree to any address.
111, 113. 115. 117. 119. 121 POST STREET.
Liadlee* tailor-made : aulta, Bilk i aktrts, fur
cajoee; liberal credit.' IL 'p«<*<«'*mm 126 Suiter* •
Calluitro Window and MJrror Polisher*— They
do th« work quickly and do It well. They clean
the rfaM and give It brilliance. They are last-
is s. convenient and economical. Avail; your-
selves of a rood thine Aak tor them at the
Hitchcock School,
6AN RAFAEU CAU.
FOR YOUNG MEN AND BOYS.
Ecptrat* Boomfc Gymnasium. Military DnU.
Etc
TRINITY SCHOOL.tISI
It to desired to correct an erroneous Irapre*.
«ion that Trinity School has been dUcontlnu-i.
It will open as usual MONDAY. August «.
Only bcT» o£ eood moral character are taken.
G. S. MEAD. S03 Central ave.
POLYTECHNIC! businfss
„ v . 1£lV ' IimU COLLEGE
In ta« Weit Regular business and «hortnand
course. Students may enter at any timt. All
.E£l* t £ij A 5! I c2r lbl * Pod""".. *Vw cata.
Invitation to
Visitor s
Visitors to the city are cordially invited to
make our store their headquarters; where we
will be pleased to give any information desired.
Our fall stock of novelties in fancy drv
goods and art materials is now complete and
of particular interest to ladies, whether thev
wish to purchase or not. , .
Visitors desiring, our new illustrated cata-
logue can have it mailed free by leaving
name and address at the desk near -thp
entrance.
129' Kearny Street
fl| CMICHESTER'S ENGUSM
f EHNVROYAL PILLS
¦ .-"^K^k. OHjfJuml and Only ««anlne»
W^ r jt%VSfiATZ. Alw»T« reliable l.utlkw. »»* l>ra«1*
AJ> v^fcii cHiciu:>ri:i:> English
tf^^^'W^^V la KEI> in! Gold n^t».::> box**. •»»:•!
>v — «. tjr J -H!i bio* ribboa. Take ao otht-r. R<-fu«,j
1?1 *"* «VJ I>a*««ro» *ab«tltBUon» un J lotto.
I / ~ ftf Ova*. Boj of jour Dnwfui. or seal 4e. ia
I »' Jf (tamp* tor Particular*. Xv*i I-nonlaU
In, fj> *ad " Relief for Lad le«." » Uttar, by r*.
_JyJ * & turn U mil. 1».O»» TV.umonlalj. Sou by
>"¦ — "" / mn Droxiiiu. <'hl*he»t*r <"fceml«»l<?»_
Morton tbU pager. Htdlm »na»™. I'IMi.A.. M »7
The bells of Peking, seven In number,
weigh 120,000 pounds.
Your bosom frUnd, Gibson's Jt shirt. 1204
Market St.; white or colored: Ju»t in. •
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ortcNurrr
&9HB. HBEUlIUl. Bli
This vteW known epeeialiE{ can always
tx 1 oonsultf-d at hip old nffiers, 25\i Kearny
Ftr<#t. vrtn^e HE GIVES HIS PER-
SONAL ATTENTION to EVERY CASE,
as he employ! no clerks, has no students,
no partners, no associates or hired sub-
stitutes. HiR motto is "a limited field ajid
botter work."
He treats Private. Chronic and Nervous '
Disease of Men only. He cures Secret
Blood *nd Skin I>!s«=-a.se«:. Sr.res and Swell-
Ir.g*: NVrvoufi DcbUlty. Impotence and
othrr WVakne5?:es of Manhood.
Dr. McNulty corrects the Secret Errors
of Youth and their terrible effects. Loss
of Vitality, Palpitation of the Heart, Loss
of Memory. Despondency and other
troubles of Mind and Body.
The Doctor prevents Consumption,
Heart Disease. Softening of the Brain and
Spine. Insanity and other afflictions
caused by ihe i.rrors. Excesses and Dis-
eases of boys and men.
He restore.* Lost Vijror and Manly Pow-
er, removes Deformities and restores the
Organs to Health. He aJso cures Dis-
eases caused by Mercury and other Poi-
sonous Drugs used in the improper treat-
xriCTit of Private Diseases.
Dr. McNulty is thoroughly qualified a
pradux-ae of Ions study and practice in
the famous Mmliral Colleges and Great
HospiiaJs of Philadelphia, Licentiate of
the State Board of Health of Illinois and
ly the laws of California. He is prac-
tically indorsed by the Supreme Court of
this State, the honontble Judges having-
declared that the evidence of his Bklll and
ability is complete, and rendered a de-
<ihicn authorizing him to advertise his
specialty.
Dr. McNulty has been engaged ln an
honorable and permanent practice ln San
Francisco for many years. His meth-
ods are regular and scientific. He uses no
j>atent nostrums or ready made prepara-
tions, but cures the disease by thorough
Meeiicf.l Treatment. »
His pamphlet on Private Diseases Is
free to all men who call or •write rega-d-
Jr.sr their troubles. All letters and pack-
tees sent in PLAJN covers so as to excite
no curiosity.
Patients cured at home. Terms reason-
able.
Consultation Free and Bacredly Coufl-
©>r.tlal.
Hours: 9 to 3 dally; 6:30 to 8:30 evening*.
Sundays. 10 to 12.
Cell or address—
P. ROSCQE McNULTY, M.D.,
26J KEARNY STREET,
SAN FRANCISCO. CALu.
EXBewar* of ctrangcrfl and confidence
men who may try to talk to you about
your dlaeaa© on the streets or elsewhere*.
They «lt» known as znedical cappers or
'doctor-etcercTB.**
PALACE HOTEL
It Is universally acknowledged that thes*
hotels possess the attributes that appeal
to particular people — undoubted luxury and
comfort, unsurpassed cuisine and service
and superior appointments and loe.ition.
Connected by a covered passageway and
operated under one management on the
American and Kuropean plans.
GRAND HOTEL
11 §§ll|ij| I
' 1 "We hava folding beds and folding ' ?
1 beds. The above In particular— of if
, polished golden oak. ts a favorite \
, style— prices from 912 .50 to $50.00. I
{ Send 5 cents ln stamps for postasa I
> on new furniture catalog. \
:! THE J. NOONAN \
FURNITURE CO., Ino., ?
1 1017-1023 MISSION STREET, >
Above 6th. phone South 14, S. F. V
AD VJ-mTISKTVreNTS.WITH the waning of her forty-ninth year of statehood California began to celebrate
her entrance into a second half century of prosperity. There was all the charac
teristic Califorhian lavishncss in the wealth of color, the gleam of lights, the glare
and thunder of fireworks and the shifting, shuffling tide of people that filled
the streets and ebbed and flowed in the r1o\v of the lamps.
The city is full of visitors. Since Friday they had been coming in from the
north and south and east, until it seemed as if the streets would hold no more: but still thev
came, and there are nwc to come, for this will be the proudest birthday of the century, and
no true son of California can afford to miss the feast. iV. ! -
The Pioneers had a little celebration of their own during the afternoon, where by
speeches and patriotic songs the blood was set coursing the faster through the veins of the
State-builders, and they cheered the name of California — the child of their toil, their adven
turous spirit and their citizenship. The parlors of Native Sons already in the citv received
their friends during the afternoon and earlv evening, for the Native Son is nothing if not so-
Ctable, and he multiplies his pleasure by seeking companions to help him enjoy himself.
And then *\s darkness fell and the swinging lines of lamps commenced to sparkle, every
one sought the streets, and then the water front and the hills that look out over the bav. for
it was on the bay that the great celebration would, really, open; And like a statclv minuet,
danced in ; the. light of a giant torch, it did open, the vessels changing, winding, turning and
passing and rep issing each other in the glare of flaming barges, like dancers on a ballroom
floor. The vessels were aglow with Chinese lanterns, nnd so outlined in the moonlieht they
made a rare picture — one beyond brush and palette and nainter's art.
The bav parade was marred by the sinking of the May Flint, a big coal-laden ship that
fouled the steel beak of the Iowa. The Flint was sailing in. and when just ahead of the
Iowa the wind failed her. She wavered in the tide a few minutes and then drove down
upon the battleship. She struck the warship's ram and it entered her side. like a dagger. It
was not known then how badly she was injured, but after she was freed it was found she was
sinkinc. She drifted afoul of a lumber schooner and ail on board the Flint scrambled on to
her. Then the Flint drifted away again and went down.
the skies; watch the million sparks of
fire as they fell and illumined the path
of scores of vessels plowing through the
bay. San Francisco and its friends
crowded the main thoroughfares of the
town. Lights Mazed and flashed from
every point where the eye could see.
Market street was sin avenue of light.
Thousands of electric bulbs biased forth
their illumination to light up the brilliant
decorations with' which the streets were
adorned. The standards of gay color; the
flagi of the Union and of the State, and
the myriad silhouettted laces of people
hurryirs to and fro, gave testimony to
how San Francisco is celebrating the. fif
tieth birthday of California.
The Native Sons ( of California have:done
their work well. The streets last night
were a revelation of beauty. Nothing had
been left undona to make' the. city a pic
ture such as it had not been ever before.
When darkness came the people of San
Francisco and the tens of thousands of
visitors who had come. to see the'celebra
tion of the semi-centennial of Callfornian
statehood" triroofced' the 'streets. From
every point they crowded into the main
thoroughfare of the city, until Market
street was one black mass of moving men
and women, until the walks were inade
quate to contain the throng ajid the street
Itself was usurped to nccommodate the
moving crowd that progressed toward the
water front. There from the heights, upon
the wharves, from every point of vantage
they watched the brilliant spectacle that
inaugurated San Francisco's tribute to
California.
Ships of every description moved in
stately procession around the bay. The
blackness of the night was Illumined by
the fires of iridescent light that shot
from stationed ships. Rockets, bombs,
vari-colored lights, burst into the air. A
fire ship stationed in the harbor gave
forth Its brilliant illumination and then,
at a signal, was transformed into a blaz
ing pile. Around the bay. the procession
of ships passed. Now and again. a bril
liant light in tho harbor would illumine
the vessels as they passed and show them
adorned in. all the gayety of color, and on
every eld o on emblem of national life* . s
Now and again from the city heights
would come j:h'eer after cheer as the ships
passed, to signal what ¦ the people of San
Francisco thought of .^California's half
century of. existence.' ¦•.,
There is little question that in San
Francisco , to-day there are more people
than there ever were in the- history of
the city. The streets are thronged almost
to a condition of being impassable.' The
shops, restaurants 'and places of refresh
ment are thronged. The private homes of
the city have been taxed- to accommodate
those who se^k rooms. Street cars, places
of amusement, rendezvous of • recreation
and the resorts of public convenience are
crowded to tho utmost' capacity.
The city is in holiday garb. The people
are on dress parade. Houses of business
have suspended operation and San-Fran
cisco Is celebrating with all its will the
day which the people will see only once.
As already indicated the celebration of
Admission day- began last night by the
superb paradeon th« bay. * The arrange
ments had been made almost perfect, but
unfortunately,- la "> the darkness' of "the
night, there was a collision.,. Other than
that there was no accident. .
The splendidly adorned ships passed in
gay procession, carrying from point' to
point their thousands of enthusiastic citi
zens. The waters of the bay were lit up
by the brilliant color of the lights that
flashed from station to station. National
warships blazed [forth their intense lights
to illumine now. and again '. shadows on
the water.,. front. : The .ferry depot ; was
outlined in a. blaze of light.. There was
music, from every passing boat and laugh
ter from thousands ¦ of.- 1 men and women
as. they mingled in companionship In the
celebration of California's half-century of
admission into the Union. The celebration
was .well, begun and gave absolute promise
that the fete days which" are • to follow
will mark the most significant demonstra
tion In; the history, of the State.
The Xine. of Parade. Y _
XThe line of the naval parade was as fol
lows: ~. : ' "..'.';'. -''•: ¦'•
. . i.- division; v ' . ;':>>}•'
- ' Steamer Caroline- Leading. • r- •¦' -
Port— starboard—
1. Pea Queen. 1. Vigilant.
2. I'nlon. 12. Roller.
3." Sea King. , 13. Monarch.
4. Reliance. | 4. Rescue.
5. Alert. ' 5. Richmond.
6. .Annie. ¦ IS. Amall. .:?«•¦•-
7. Lottie. :.- t7. Millie.
II. DIVISION.
Ida A.
Four Sisters.
Jennie Griffin.
Mary C.
III. DIVISION.
Steam and Gasoline Launches (Two Abreast).
IV. DIVISION.
Steam Schooners Noyo. Point Arena, Montlcello.
V. DIVISION.
1. Mount Kden. I 7. Mary Garratt.
• 2. Grace Barton. I 8. Leader.
3. Gold. I 9. T. C. Walker.
.4. F. M. Smith. • 10. Onlsbo.
[E. Dauntless. hi. Constance.
6. Resolute.
VI. DIVISION.
1. Garden City. 4. Newark.
:. Amador. 6. Ukiah.
I. Sausallto.
* Off, Mission street .lay the nchopner
Arthur. She fired batteries of roman
candles. Near to the Arthur was the
Mabel. and Edith. From her. rockets were
flred. Off Howard street was the schooner
Fortuna, firing shells from mortars, and
near " to her was the Tartar, also tiring
mortars,*'
SAN FRANCISCO began to cele
brate last night the fiftieth
birthday of California. Thou
sands of men. women and
children crowded the heights ot
the city to eec the lights that
flashed en 4-he water; to hear
&e crash of bombs as they ascended into
Off Folsom street was the "Winfleld
Scott, firing rockets, and the Backus, flr»
ing batteries of roman candles.
The best-decorated vessels in the bay
were trie American ship Emily Reed, ly
ing at Spear street, and the British ship
Melanope. lying off Folsom-street wharf;
SCENE ON THE BAY DURING THE PROGRESS OF THE GREAT NAVAL PARADE.
RADIANT IN ITS GARB OF LIGHT AN D COLOR, THE CITY
YIELDS ALL TO THE CELEBRATION
STREETS THRONGED
WITH A
GAY CROWD, AND
BRILLIANT
UNDER THOUSANDS
OF LAMPS.
ROCKETS CLEAVE THE SKY AND BLAZING BARGES, BEACON LIKE,
THROW THEIR RUDDY BAY
¦ . — — - — — : — . . ' - ' .;V:-. ¦ • •
Stately Uns of Vessels Wands Through the Maze off Missing Firework?, Past Anchored Ships day With the GJeam of Colored
Lanterns, and on Past Crowded Wharves, ts if In the Figures of- a Dance, While. Bands; 1 Play Merrily
Through It All From the Decks of"the v Moving Steamers. ¦ ,
t •-.... - - - 4
VISITORS ARRIVING
ON EVERY
TRAIN AND FROM
EVERYWHERE
IN NUMBERS NEVER
EQUALED. >
Pages 31 to 40
Pages 31 to 40
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 9, 1900.
i -*— ¦ * , . . ¦ ¦ .' . . ** '¦ i» . ¦¦ '•%^~-jr.i-i . .V* *
| • 1-tADING (HE.
j | BAY PAC!ADE»|
<-»ET ir* LIME, 4
HATIVE 5Orsf.5 ... {Visitors Are A.rri^ing toy the Thousands on Every Train and. From Every County and.
t:ti<3 Reception Committee Is !KIe;pt Btjls-v Meeting Tl^er^o..
PARLORS ESTABLISH HEADQUARTERS AND KEEP OPEN HOUSE
FOR ALL WHO WISH TO PARTAKE OF THEIR HOSPITALITY
Dedication Claus Spreckels music
stand, Golden Gate Park, 1OO pieces,
1:30 P. M.
A. Ruef, C. E. Lipp, A. N. Racoulllat, ! O.
A. CleRK, H. Ilenschen, Frank Carroll, O. H.'
S. Dryden. F. L. Smith, W. H. Growney, John
Gilmour. Dr. D. F. Ragan, John J. Hack. T.
Smlddy. P. H. Leggett. Charles Clancy. E.'. P.
Donovan, Joseph A. Murphy, E. P. Megan,
George J. Zehender, W. H. Phllpott, H. A.
Mullen, F. E. Wallace,. F. Frlzel, J. Donnelly,.
H. E. Keefe. R. J. Wilson. Dr. W. W.-Wy
morc, E. 8. Welsh. '¦ L. Mclver, , T. £,. Floyd.
J. - J. McD&ld. C. E. Gray, W. J. Holgersen,
Bincon.
.RIncon Parlor. Xo. 72 of San Francisco
entertains In the, Pythian Castle. This
organization is oine of the strongest in
San Francisco and has prepared a pro
gramme of exceptional merit for its
guests. Rincon Parlor desires to draw
especial attention to the juvenile enter
tainment which will be- given this after
noon. To-morrow and Tuesday there will
be "open house." The reception commit
tee is composed of the following named:
Mount Tamalpais Xo. . 64 and NIcaslo
parlors have their headquarters In room
114 at the Grand Hotel. Both parlors will
entertain lavishly throughout the celebra
tion, and will extend the "joyful mitt"
to all and sundry. The Joint reception
committee follows: ¦ \V; S. Dreypolcher,
W. J. Eden, L. A. Hughes, M. F. Coch
rane, W. F. Magce and S. Herzog.
Tamalpais.
Chico, Rainbow and Marysville parlors
will entertain in the Grand Hotel on Mon
day and Tuesday. "Open house" Is the
password of these parlors.
Chico and Others.
was presented a dainty box of prunes.
This parlor will keep open house Monday
and Tuesday.
Hydraulic.
Hydraulic Parlor Xo. 56 of Nevada City
will hold a reception to-morrow afternoon
from 2 to 7 o'clock, to which all are in
vited. The parlor has its headquarters
at the Palace Hotel very tastefully dec
orated, and its 158 members have worked
wonders in the way of patriotic devices.
The reception committee is composed of
the following named M. J. Brock, George
Jones L. S. Calkins, L£ A. Walling, Henry
Campbell and E>. E. Morgan.
Alcatrnz.
Alcatraz Parlor. No. 148 of San Francisco
will have a warm welcome ready for all
viBiting natives at Union-square Hall.
Geary and Powell streets. This parlor
will entertain the Alkali Parlor of Native
Daughters and the "Curly Bears." -.
Presidio. ,
Presidio Parlor No. 104 will receive dur
ing the entire celebration at the A. 0." P.
building, 102 O'Farrell: street. This par
lor's decorations consist of • appropriate
devices In emblematic form. The recep
tion committee Is composed of the follow
ing named: Will J. Donolan, E. E. Fisher
and E. Ivanngelser.. . .
Stanford.
, The decorations . in Golden Gate Hall,
. Bicycle and automobile races at In- t
gleside , Racetrack, admission free 2 $
P. M. $
SaeredConeertsColumbia and Wash- ?
ington squares, 7:3O to 1O:3O P. M. ?
about slender young rodwoods. reaching
out from the gallery almost to the ceiling.
Japaneso lanterns lend color to the- scene
at night. The following named officers
of tho parlor will see that its guests are
not neglected: Charles Boxton. Herman
Huber. Otto F. Huber, Harry Harper, F.
L. McNally, P. J. Neuman, w. N. Swasey,
E. Schnutenhaus, Charles L. Tllden.
Charles E. Thompson, J. H. C. von Sta
den. W. L. Hageman and Nicholas Mad-
Sfcn - *
Sonoma.
The six flourishing parlors of Sonoma
County are established In the Windsor
Hotel at Market and Fifth streets. The
parlors are: Altamont No. 167. Sonoma No.
111. Bear Flag No. 27. Santa Rosa No. 28,
Sotoyome No. 68 and Glen Ellen No. 102.
The parlors will receive guests under the
motto, "Get the best of wine or wine will
get the hest of, you." That all %isitors
will get the besUof wine the members
pledge their hondf.-. The joint reception
committees are made up o£ the following
named: I,. WV. Juilliard. C. O. Dunbar, J.
F. Stanley. F. E/Dowd.jV. W. Hanvege,
F. Costello, G. W. Edelmalin. F. A. Meyer,
J. T. O'Connor. E. W. Skaggs. O. H. Fer
guson. G. H. Halgh, Robert P. Hill. G. W.
Bunnlng, C. J. Poppe. L. H. Green, Rob
ert A. Poppe, Benjamin Weed, Julius
Poppe, F. J. Williamson. N. Drago and
H. Meeker. Open house and warm hand
will be the law with the Sonomans.
Annie Worth, Mrs. Lucia Neuh-irlh ah.
Augusta Hahne. Miss Mollie T nn£' at
J. P. Dockery ; Miss Minnie St<>KhJn« *<
D. Noble. Mfs. Eva Sheeline and M™ H?'
B. Estee. The parlor will enlov,,,' M i
concert this afternoon sacred
El Dorado.
The headquarters of tm n,-.,.-.,* •«-> .
in the Red [Men's buiklini ™^p« °, Parlor
which were Opened i yest^rdav aVVi^'
tu y decorated in pink. with^YlanVami
evergreens in the interior, while the
l^ T -\lJ^ , m , a £?, °*, tla S s and trimming*
J^"? o "!f ht . '""niinations consisting of an
i n m o mc V« c fu. ar Vv, ear and fest °°ns of col
™ " E . hts ;. Th " e was an informal re-
Fi^jS" 111 the afternoon and l n < the even
ln^ there was dancing.
The ladies of Orinda Parlor aftfrort i™
P lnk trimmed with black velvet aZsiZtla
[n the reception of vLsitors. The banaui.*
hall, where light refreshments 3.
served, was open to all guests. The com
mittee in charge is composed of n n
Lowney. Frank Reynolds, E. p p*«,nn
George F. Suhr. Frank Smith. J. j Grl*
ly. J. G. Jolly. R. Horber. T. H Casev v
Wa e n er v •"William Samuels. L. e Foiw'
T. P. Mausang. G. C. Gunther ' L w'
Mayer and \V. J. Guianne. E. p" Fwn
was the floor manager at the danco anS
J. J. Greely. J. C. Martin and-Geonre v
Suhr were his assistants. The parlor wfii
entertain until the end of the celebration
EVERYBODY BUSY
AT HEADQUARTERS
Decoration Judges fire Ap
pointed— Claus SprecKels
Gives $500.
The headquarters of the celebration
committee in -the Palace Hotel yesterday
was one of the busiest places in. the city.
It, was crowded all day with committee
men, and visitors In quest of information
TO-DAY'S PROGRAMME.
Rowing Regatta — Start off Channel
street, 10 A. M. Sailing Races— Start
off Powell street, 2 P. M.
Dedication of Duboce Park, 1O A. M.
pa-rlor. The decorations consist of flairs,
palms and four pretty banners, which will
be borne in the parade by the parlor. The
members will receive to-morrow afternoon
and evening. The four rooms which they
occupy as headquarters will be crowded
and the visitors wiil be entertained with
an excellent concert and plenty of refresh
ments. The following members have been
appointed as a. reception committee to
taie charge of the rooms of the head
quarters:
Boafiay forenoon— Brother* George Beebe,
Fred Etephenson. W. A. Hammel, Joha Scott
«nd J. \V. Eharp.
fcunday afternoon — Brothers E. E. Bodle, A.
Earnona.
Ramona Parlor No. 309 of Los Angeles
has oj*?ne<! headquarters at the Grand
Hotel. H. C. Lichtenberger, h. C Carter
and George D. Deebe of Ix>s Angeles were
busily engaged yesterday preparing for
the coming of the members of their
Pleasant Gatherings at the
Headquarters of the Var
ious Organizations.
*~w LL the visiting: and local parlors
f I of the JCative Sons of tha Golden
I <\ West have opened headquarters
I and will entertain their friends
J^ during the celebration. The rooms
in ¦which the members of the order
xvill receive their friends have been dec
orated in grand style. Each parlor haa
tried to outdo its neighbors in point of
decorations end as a result the rooms of
the organizations are surpassingly beau
tiful. Entertainment will be extended
•with a lavish hand. The parlors through
out the State which have sent delegations
to represent their cities and towns at the
Feini-center.nial celebration have brought
to this city the choicest wines and fruits
tor distribution and for exhibition. Open
bouse will be the rule during the next
few days and every visitor will be gen
erously entertained.
Fresno Parlor No. 25 haa opened head
quarters In rooms 9 and 11 of the Lick
House. The members of that organization
wljl arrive this morning 1 and march to the
Lick House, where they have rooms en
gaged.' The rooms have been prettily
decorated with smilax. -bunting and potted
plants. Joscx>h P. Coyle has charge of
th« exhibits and the good things of life,
and he sends visitors away rejoicing. The
Smyrna figs on exhibition and for distri
bution were donated by George Roeding
of Fresno, who has sixty acres of the
fruit growing. A frame lCxlO feet in di
mensions contains oranges, raisins ,flgs
and other products of the county. The
follow ing general committee has charge of
the headquarters: John J. White, chair
man; Harry Avila, secretary; J. B. John
son, treasurer; Harry Burton. Dr. A. B.
Cowan, F. A. Iloxnan E. F. Bernard,
Charles Behrens and S. J. Ashman.
HOW Th|E PARLORS
RECEIVED FRIENDS
find in proximity to the Iowa, Adams
end Ma^on.
Laie in the afternoon the battleship
Iowa caxae down from the Union Iron
"Work?, and about sundown the Adams
errix-ed from More Island and an
chored roar the Marlon. The Marion,
2ilclanopc, Adams and Iowa will form the
center around which all the small craft
and passenger boats in the bay will re
vol ve.
Along the water front the following ves
sels made a good showing:
German ship Alsternixie, at Main street;
American barks Mary Turner, at Seawall
S; A. J. Fuiller. Seawall 2; Doric, at the
Mail dock; British ships Eudora, in the
rtream; Erskir.e M. Phelps, at Steuart
etrcet; Emily Reed, at Spear street; Brit
ish ship Flintshire, at Green Etreet; Amer
ican ship Glory of the Seas, at Folsom 2;
British ship Heddekel, at Union Iron
"Works; Hyderabad at Beale street; Mel
verton, at Beale street, and Oweene, at
Green street, and the Pacific Coast Steam
ship Company's steamers.
The Roderick Rhu had a sixty-foot
flag, 'besides all bunting, flying.
The committees in charge of the parade
•were:
Captain W. G. Leale, commodore; Captain W.
J. Gray, vice commodore; Charles H. Turner,
chairman; J. F. Finn, vice chairman; Jules
¦ ¦ ¦
Kullman. i-ecrrtary; Jame« A. Devoto, treas
urer.
Committee on Government vessels — Hon. Ju-
Jiu* Kahn. chairman; Hon. Gecrre C. Terktrj!,
Captain N. T. Jan**
Music— Captain J». T. James, chairman;
James A. Devoto, A. E. Prj'or.
Yachts— IT. D. Hawks, chairman; 'W. K. Mc-
Carthy, i
Tnfr— Cartaln 'vC. J. Gray, chairman; Captain
A. C. Frecfe, J. T. McMillan.
Decorations— J. F. Finn, chairman; T. P."
Tracy, J. F. Tyler.
Fireworks — George II. S. Drv<3en, chairman;
A. C. Pryor. J. Harris, II. C. Peterson.
Chief Sullivan issued instructions to ths
different captains yesterday In regard. ta
the conduct of. their nvn during the cere
bration. They are as follows:
Office of Ctilef cf Police. San Francisco. Sep
tember s. 1300— To th* Company Coxrirr.ariUers:
The following Instructions ami ortera will grov
ern the four ifc>ys" celebration of September 8. "
9. 10 and 11: Kvery courtesy possible must bar
exten-Ied by the department to the city's guesta .
and Information on «ny subject whatever, when
requested by visitors, must be cheerfully and;
intelligently givea
Uood Judgment must be exercised by officer*
In determining the bounds beyond -w-hirh th»
holiday spirit must be prorerly MSBlttCd to
find expression, and repetition ot the stvnea
pnacted during th>> celebration of last year,
when the follape decorations were used to UM
physical discomfort of promenaders. must not
be allowed. All riotous and unseemly cornjut;
must be Immediately suppressed, no mauler
who the offender;? may be. ; . .
All btinko. sure thing men, p!ckr«vket* and. .
known thieves must be brought to tba station'
and locked up until after the celebration, or
they mu.-r be driven from the city. On the
day of the parartp all people must be kept on
th? sidewalks outside the wire ropw, and they
will be permitted to cross the atre«t3 orvljr at
street corners. There muat be no rough treat
mer.t !n han«il!ns th= crowds, but all officers,
in the discharge of their duties, must act- •
fiimly but politely. On atreets abutting on lin*
o; parade there will he allowed but one row
of. wagona on each side of the street." and tha
nearest wagon must be forty feet distant from -
the parade street. Horses must be hitched to
all such wagons while so lrx-ated. ShouTd an
accident happen to any of the floats the officer
on duty at the nearest point where such dis
abled float may be must Insist upon Its be:ng>
there bs no complaints after the celebration I*
ever, but rather let us hope th* work of tha ,
department will merit the praise and cogj-^
mendatton of our fellow citizens. V^*
Judge Conlan also j.rrangf>d with tile
Chief yesterday that ihe prison official.?'
should be allowed to exercise discretion .
in discharging visiting "drunks" without
the formality of having to await to ap
pear In court, so that they should misa
a3 little of the celebration as possible.
Preparations to Insure the
Corofort and Safety of
tf)e City's Guests.
POLICE WILL BE
MOST FORBEARING
Dreams of a time whose days ar» fled.
Golden light of a day that'3 dead.
The Knickerbocker Quartet sans of
the days of gold, the days cf '«," and
Rev. S. II. Willey pronounced the bene
diction. Then, sharp and clear, Roberts
vandercook, the floor manager, blew his
whistle and announced that the dancing
would begin at once. Hilarity reigned
thereafter until morning.
Sometimes Mr. Farwell spoke of patriot
ism. Toward the end his oration was
tinged with sadness, but he wound up
with the poetical wish that finally tha
pioneers would not say "Good night," but
that In some brighter eternal day they
would say "Good morning."
Theodore Storm read a poem which h«
had composed, depicting: early rahenero
life and its superstitions. His conclusion
dealt with
Mr. Farwell's oration was long: and his
torical. He gave to the pioneers the
credit of founding the State. He lashed
the detractors of the pioneers for many
false and malicious statements and th«
pioneers and their guests heartily ap
plauded. The history of the pioneers, ha
declared, could not be written until th«
last one had passed away. A
As he spo. e he was In front of a hur*'
picture showing the California Mountains
In the foreground were tha miner and th«
tiller of the soil standing with clasped,
hands.
The programme- was replete with his
torical allusions and suggestions. The ex
ercises opened with the rendition of.
America" by Blum's orchestral band
Rev. S. H. Willey offered prayer. Then
an ode written by Mrs. &£ A. Wills and
sung to the music of "The Star-Spangled
Banner" at the first Admission day cel
ebration. October 2D, 1S50. was sung by tha
Knickerbocker Male Quartet. Hon. E. \V
McKinstry spoke briefly and introduced
Wlllard B. Farwell, the orator of the oc
casion.
came by sea to find gold and lay ths
abiding foundations of a great common
wealth, they were Joyous and thankful
because of the magnificent. demonstration
which has been prepared tf commemorate
the admission of the Ge*l£n State into
the Union. Corks popped,- hands that
were once young were affectionately
clasped, prayers of thankfulness were of
fered, odes were recited, an oration was
delivered and reminiscent anecdotes
brought afresh to memory the "days of
old. the days of gold, the days of '«."
And some of the more agile of the pio
neers danced on the smooth floor of Pio
neer Hall late In the afternoon and until
midnight.
The formal exercises of the day took
place in the afternoon in Pioneer Hall.
Broad festoons of red. white, blue and
gold were looped up to give the hall a
festive look. Garlands of flowers and
American flags garnished the scene.
Every guest and all the pioneers and
their famlles wore golden badges., upon
which were "1S50— California. Pioneers
Admission Day Celebration. September
8-10. 1900," and also a picture of the in
vincible "grizzly" bear.
On the platform were President E W
McKInstry. Willard B. Farwell. Rev. S.
H. Wllley. H. B. Russ. E. M. Root. R
Vandercook, E. T. Kruse and William <;.
Glbbs, the committee in charge of tha
celebration.
ebrate California's fiftieth anni
versary; of statehood. With them were
their wives and children and grand chil
dren. All day long and far Into the night
their hospitality bade all doors . to . swing
inward. Gray w^th the flight of -half a
century since they crossed the plains or
THE men who to'ok part in the
founding of the State met yester
day at the Pioneer building to cel-
Appropriate Exercises irj
Horror of tr;e Birthday of
the State.
PIONEERS OBSERVE
THE ANNIVERSARY
General "U'inn and Carquinez parlors are
established at the Esmond House, Sixth
and Mission streets. They will keep
"open house" with a ready welcome for
every visitor.
General Winn.
At 2-30 o'clock yesterday afternoon Gov
ernor Gage and staff were escorted tonne
of the parlors of the Palace Hotel, where
Colonel J. K. Howell, chairman of the in
vitation committee ot the celebration,
presented to the Governor a handsomely
engrossed Invitation decorated with a pic
ture of the "miner hoy."
This was followed by the presentation
o the Grand Parlor of thrv Native Sons of
a silk bear flag and a *ilk American flag
bv ex-Judse J. F. Sullivan on behalf of
Mrs ' L F. Murray, representing the
wishes of the latp M« A - s - Townsend.
The presentation speech was an eloquent
one and the response "cy wrand President
R. C. Rust on behalf of the Grand Parlor
and the order of Native Sons was one that
gave proof of the loyalty of the member*
of the order-to the flag of the Union and
to the one that Is representative of Cali
fornia.
Mrs. Townsend's Flags Presented.
Between the first and 'second sections of
the division to which have been assigned
the various orgar.lzatlr.ns of the old ana
the new fire departments in i tie parade
there will be a division of^school children
representing six schools, school win
be designated by a different colored ban
neret, namely, red, white, blue yellow,
pink and violet. The schools to be repre
sented are the Horace Mann Lverett.
Columbia, Hearst and Hancock Gram
mar schools and the school of the Boys
Home Presbyterian Asylum. To the
school that shall make the best disnlay aa
to numerical strength, appearance, uni
form and marching will be awarded a
beautiful silk banner having upon its^ace
the California "miner boy and suitable
inscription.
Schpol Children in Parade.
In the parade to-morrow California Par
lor the mother parlor, will have In its
ranks sixteen of the members who Joined
in 1875, when the parlor was organized.
They will be distinguished by wearing on
the arm a yellow brassard with the fig
ures 75 in silver letters thereon. The six
teen are: Frank Yale, A. Meyer, J. L.
McDougall. Fred Jantzen, E. Block Leon
De Rooa. J. R. Matches, A. E. Matches^
A. G. Dexter. John H. Grady, J. B. fetov
all, Henry Lunstedt. A. Brunner, G. H.
Falrchild, A. C. .Lutchens and R. Stein
mann.
The decoration committee has appointed
the following named to pass upon the
various private decorations bo that cer
tificates of merit may be issued to those
deemed to be the best: W. J. Thard ar
chitect; R. I. Aitkens, sculptor; L. P. Lat
mier John A. Stanton, Carlos J. Hitell.
J. A. Bloomer and Captain R. H.
Fletcher, curator of the art Institute.
They will meet at 5 o'clock on Monday In
the art institute to arrange for making a
tour to view the' decorations.
California Parlor's Oldest Member.
To Judges the Decorations.
The oldest San Franciscan is Mrs.
Marian Richardson Torres, who will be
the guest of Sequoia Parlor. Mrs. Torres
will be the most distinguished woman in
the parade. She is not only the oldest
native daughter but In addition is the
oldest living woman born on the peninsula
of San Francisco. Mrs. Torres was born
at the Presidio, then a Spanish post, on
April 9, 1S26. She Is the daughter of the
late Captain Richardson, after whom
Richardsons Bay was named. The first
house in San Francisco was Duilt by her
husband, who will accompany her in the
parade as a pioneer of 1843. The couple
celebrated a fiftieth wedding anniversary
October 26, 1S98. C. E. Torres, a son of
the marriage, and Westeley R. Davis, a
grandion, are members of Sequoia Par
lor. A great-grandson, George Davis Jr.,
will be eligible to membership in the par
lor within a few years.
Judge Frank H. Kerrigan, who has been
appointed chief of staff, will ride at the
head of the parade immediately, in the
rear of the grand marshal. He will be
seated in a historic saddle, a Mexican one,
silver mounted, that belonged to General
Andrade of the Mexican army, who was
in California before the occupation by the
Americans. \» • •
The Oldest San Franciscan.
Chairman Newhall of the executive
council of finance walked into headquar
ters yesterday wearing among other
things a broad smile. The cause was a
check which he carried in his hand. The
check was for $500 and bore the signature
Of Claus Spreckels. This handsome sub
scription puts the celebration fund com
pletely "to the good" and members of the
finance committee are correspondingly
happy.
in relation to the celebration. Each one
who applied was given the desired in
formation and went away satisfied.
The affair was under the direction of
Charles Maginnis, E. Paultrler, J. Gart
lan, J. B. Stovall, W. D. Hobro Jr.,E. C
Laws, M. Ephralm. J. J. Neubarth, B. F
Hanlon, W. J. Goodwin, Dr. J. Herrington
Abraham Mayer and J. F. Linehan who
were assisted by the following named
members of Buena Vista Parlor of the
Native Daughters: Miss Higgins. Misa
The headquarters of California Parlor
In the maple and . marble rooms of the
Palace Hotel, very tastefully decorated
in greens, flowers, silver and electrical
effects, were opened yesterday afternoon,
when there was an informal reception. In
the evening there" was a promenade con
cert. This was well attended after the
naval parade.
California.
H. S. Martin, chairman: Fred H. Jung, sec
retary: A. P. Gtannini, Dr. E. R. Bryant, Dr.
A. N. Copsey, Joseph O. Cox, D. A. Curtln.
William A. Deane, Frank H. Eckenroth. W. S.
Rucker, A. F. Schleicher, R. H. Schlueter, Dr.
W. H. Sleberst. Charles H. Stanyan. Charles
D. Stelger, J. H. Strehl. Joseph Greenberg. K.
H. Hammer, E. L. Head. William F. Hum
phrey, William P. Hynes, John J. Lermen.
John W. Lewis, Grattan D. Phillips. William
H. Dick, Henry D. Lansing, 8. O. Stanyan. P.
J. Weniger, Archibald Reid, P. J. Martenatein,
D. C. Martin and John J. McCarthy.
"LioHta" (Lanj'sy); (a) "Mosquito Parade"
(Whitney), (b) "Ma Tiger Lily" (Sloane); Mor
ceau do Genre, "Persiflage" (Fraijcls); scenes
from "The Serenade" (Herbert); mosaic of up
to-date melodies (Beyer); march, N "Bohemian
Life" (Roncovlerl).
The committee in charge is made up as
follows:
Overture, "Orpheus" (Offenbach): caprice,.
"Trot de Cavallier" (Splndler); collection of
"rag " melodies (Mackie); characteristic. "The
Busy Bee" (Bendix); Spanish serenade.
the headquarters of Stanford Parlor,
which were opened last evening, are
something exquisite. They are of silk of
g-olden hue for the sides, while in the cen
ter there is an immense cluster of chrys
anthemums made brilliant with electric
lights. On' the stage there is a grand
effect, in eleatrlc lights, representing the
setting sun. The effect in the hall and
vestibule is heightened by hundreds af
fancy colored lanterns. Last evening thera
was a musicale. The following numbers
were rendered?
National Parlor No. IIS of San Francisco
will keep open house in the Techau Tav
ern Auditorium. The decorations adopted
by this parlor are quite unique. Pink,
white and blue festoons wind gracefully
National.
Sequoia Parlor No. 160 will entertain the
Native Daughters of Fremont- Parlor No.
50 in Saratoga Hall, Geary" and Lar kin
streets. This parlor has perhaps the most
beautiful decorations of any parlor in thu
city. The dancing room haa been trans
formed into a veritable forest, the same
being true of the banquet hall. At night
under the soft glow of the shaded incan
descents the effect Is exceedingly beauti
ful. Sequoia Parlor will keep open house
to-night and to-morrow, concluding its
hospitality with, a grand ball on Tuesday
night. The following named form the n ¦
ception committee: L. M. Bannan, L. C.
PistolesI, N. Goodwin, R. D. Barton, E.
Baumelster, J. Hyson; Henry Hassebach,
G. Hassebach, G. Alto, Mrs. P. Johnson,
C. Torres and George Seagrave. ¦¦ . i~
Sequoia.
Piedmont Parlor, N. S. G. W. and N.
D. G. W., of Oakland, contributing 2S0
members, will greet its friends at Central
Park, where a delightful dancing floor
has been built, lighted by hundreds of Ja
panese lanterns. This parlor will . keep
."open house" every day of the celebra
tion, finishing with a grand ball on Tues
day night. The committee in charge of
the guests' comfort Is composed of J. J.
Gallagher, W. H. Hynes. H. F. Silet. W.
J. Backus, E. Planer, Mrs. T. Paul. Mrs.
J. E. Brown, Mrs. T. Bibber, Mrs. Aman
da Hammersly, Mrs. A. McDonald, Mrs.
Annie Kanorvy and Mrs. E. Munson.
Piedmont.
Calaveras Parlor and Army and Navy
Parlor will give a grand invitation dance
in Memorial Hall, Odd Fellows' building,
on Tuesday night. To-night and to-mor
row they will hold open house. All are
welcome and will be received by the fol
lowing committee: Frank S. Drady, H.
M. Brace, E. D. Crowley. Charles Low,
Miss Budde and Miss Jennie Eldridge.
Calaveras.
J. . Heavy. TV. J. Wynn. H. Peterson, V.' L.
Orengo, D. R. Black, J. C. Dunn and J. Fieg.
Surrounded by shelves of magnificent
fruit of all kinds, bottled, dried and fresh,
Visalia Parlor No. 19; whose members
number 104, haa established its headquar
ters In the parlors of the California Hotel.
One hundred and seventeen . Native
Daughters are the guests of this parlor.
All yesterday crowds of visitors divided
their attention between a . giant water
melon weighing seventy-four pounds and
a dried prune bear, and to each and all
Visalia.
Halcyon Parlor No. 146 of Alameda held
a reception and dar.ce last night in its
spacious quarters on the top floor of the
Alcazar building. Refreshments -were
served and a general good time was had
by - the guests and members of the par
lor. The 1900 committee which had charge
of the decoration of the four large rooms
and the arrangements for the reception
aud dance consisted of J. R. Knowland,
chairman; S. J. Shannon, J. C. Bates Jr.,
George A. Innes, W. B. Kollmyer. W. B.
Hinchman, A. L. Morgenstern and <W. A.
Gunn. The parlor members will turn out
in large numbers on Monday. They will
wear gray coats and trousers, white
vests and white Fedora hats, and will
carry silken bear and American flags.
Halcyon..
Placerville No. 9 will keep open house
In Fraternal Hall. Alcazar building, dur
ing the three days' celebration. Probably
fifty members of the parlor will attend
the festivities and march in the proces
sion. They will wear double-breasted
coats, white hats and legglns, and carry
canes. Thomas F. Smith has had charge
of the decorations and the arrangements
and has completed his work to the satis
faction of the members of the organiza
tion. A faded banner, which was carried
In tha first Fourth of July celebration
held in this State, will be proudly borne
by the parlor in the parade. It was pre
sented to the organization by John Bal
lard, a survivor of the initial celebration.
Placerville.
Mowry, the dramatic soprano: Marietta
Worth and Gladys Montague will render
solos. Dancing and refreshments will be
served. On Tuesday evening a reception
to friends and visiting Native Sons will
be given. •
Mission Parlor No. 2S has opened head
quarters In the hall used by the Lyceum
School of Acting, at 210 O'Farrell street.
The hall has been tastefully decorated
with blue and gold bunting, which hangs
in graceful festoons from the ceiling. A
reception will be held on Monday- and in
the eveningr Madam© Elizabeth Recina
Mission.
Alta Parlor No. 3, Native Daughters,
will occupy Shasta Hall. The haJlway
loading to their reception room has been
converted into a bower of huckleberry
vines, roses and palms. The hall Itself
presents a handsome appearance with its
canopy of fish netting, from which hang
pink and red roses and slips of huckle
berry vines. The ladies will furnish en
tertainment during the three days of the
festivities.
Bay. City.
Bay City Parlor will occupy Portola
Hall. Their meeting room has been pret
tily decorated with bunting, cut flowers
and potted plants.
Los Osos.
Los Osos Parlor No. 61 of San Luis
Obit-po has taken possession of Balboa
Hall, Native Sons* building, and is pre
pared to welcome its friends. Refresh
ments--, consisting of wines, lemonade,
clam juice, fruits and minced clams are
in abundance and will be lavishly distrib
uted. K. K. Lee. past president of the
parlor, worked all uay yesterday prepar
ing for the coming of the parlor. He was
assisted by George C. Ging, Fred Kluver
and Henry Hod. The members of the
parlor will turn out in force. They will' be
uniformed in duck suits and will carry
red umbrellas on which will be stamped
the name of the parlor. R. E. Lee and
a half-dozen other heavy-weights of the
parlor have struck on a novel means of
evading walking. They have organized a
side branch of their parlor and have
called it "Osos Flacos de los Osos"— the
thin bears of Los Osos. H. E. Lee, 276
pounds. Is majordomo; George C. Ging,
243 pounds, secunda majordomo; Henry
Hoff, 3G0 pounds, primero vaquero; T. J.
Kowen, 270 pounds. Becunda primero va
quero; Cal Burnett. 340 pounds, capitan
de la rodera. They- have had banners
painted and will wear prettily decorated
clams as badges.
Xtan'tlc Parlor Xo. 105 has Its headquar
ters In 'Native Sons' Hall. The room In
which It will receive its friends has been
made beautiful by the decorators. A re
ception will be held to-day and on Mon
day from 8 a. m. to 12 m. Secretary George
H. Riddell has worked hard to make Ca
brlllo Hall look beautiful and he has suc
ceeded. The parlor will have a half-hun
dred members In the parade. They will
be attired in a fitting uniform.
The Napa County parlors have com
bined and have headquarters In the base
ment of the Leepalmer Hotel, corner of
Ma.«on and O'Farrell streets. The mem
bers of St. Helena Parlor No. 63. Vallejo
Parlor No. 77 and Napa Parlor No. 62 will
use the large hall for a lounging place. It
has been decorated -with bunting and Is
well stocked with refreshments. No re
ception will be held by these parlors. J
G. Johnson, marshal of St. Helena was
an early arrival and helped straighten
things out. St. Helena Parlor will send
fifty members to the celebration. It is
understood that an Informal smoker will
be arranged for the entertainment of the
members.
Baker Parlor No. 42 of Bakersfleld 'has
lla headquarters at the Langham, corner
Ellis and Mason streets. The lobby of the
hotel and the parlor on the first floor have
Ueen converted Into, a veritable bower by
the decorator. The decorations consist of
pink and white bunting:, potted plants and
trailing green studded with large Califor
nia poppies. A mineral and fruit exhibit
will be a feature of the headquarters.
Seventy-five members will participate In
the parade and they will be attired in
duck suits and wear purple badges and
ties and white hats. They will be headed
in the line of march by the Bakersfleld
band. The musicians will also furnish
melody at headquarters. B. L. Brundage.
and J.: Peyton have had charge of the
decorations and arrangements. Letters
written by General Whin, the founder of
the order, and by General Sutter will be
on exhibition ar.d will undoubtedly prove
Interesting to visitors. The officers of the
parlor are: President, Presley L. St.
Clair Jr.; secretary, J. R. Williama; treas
urer, A. Hyman.
Baker.
Yerba Buena Parlor No. 84 will enter
tain Its friends In rooms 170, 171, 172. 173
and 174 of. the Palace Hotel. A concert
will be given In the rooms to-morrow and
Monday evening and refreshments-, will
be served. Blum's orchestra will furnish
the music and the hotel management has.
been directed to prepare Ice cream, sand
wiches and lemonade for the receptions.
Pred W. Lees. E. ODonnell, Charles E.
Fredericks, Carl Henry. L. J. Aubert, J.
T. Harraes,. F. \V. Leaves, W. S. O'Brien,
C. B. Hobson, J. D. Abrahms, Lawrence
Walsh and Daniel Sutter have had charge
of the decorations and arrangements. The
parlor expects to have sixty members In
the parade. They will be attired in busi
ness suits. - i > ¦¦¦ • ' <
Yerba Buena.
Tuesday evening— E. N. Baxter. P. J. Con
nelly. M. Singleton. Charles E. Ames and
F. II. Lamp*.
Tuesday afternoon— Brothers L.. E. Aubrey.
A. O. Richardson. S. A. -D. Jones, Martin
ARUlrr* and Charles S. Jenkins.
Tuesday morning— Brothers A. I.. Smith.
George II. Bancroft. It. F. del Valle and G.
J. Kuhrts=.
Monday evening— Rrothers J. T. Conley, K.
A. Slestrve. Mark Jones, S. B. Dewcy and
Joseph Sablchl.
Monday afternoon— Brothers F. C. Foy,' It.
F. Y. Compton. A. C. Sittle. Caivert Wilson
and George Sahlchl.
Sunday evening— Brothers W. J. Varlel. II
J. Leland. L. V. Toungrworth, Charles Stans
bury and F. M. Fernandez.
J. Springer, Carl HclnzcmsLn, J. W. Lynch and
L. H. Valentine.
'¦¦•'¦¦ •
SOME OF THE PEOPLE WHO CAME TO HELP IN THE BIG CELEBRATION.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 9, 1900.
Alta.
iantic,
Napa.
32Promenade Concert Which;
Thousands of People
Atterjded.
FOR three hours last evening the spa
cious corridors of the ferry station
were crowded with celebrators. The
long hallways made fine promenades
and a. band concert helptd to enliven
the occasion.
The decorations in the upper corridors
were quite elaborate, consisting of palms
and potted plants, red, white and blue
bunting and American flags and shields.
There were also a number of stars made
of spangled tljsuo paper anil these were
hung up on the walls, while at each of
the two extreme ends of the main pas
sageway was a typical California bear
with outstretched paw pointing to the
word "Shake" in red electric bulbs. The
outline of the bears was in white bulbs.
It is estimated that between 20,000 and
30,000 people visited the building during
the evening, and many stopped to listen
to the music after the naval parade.
Features of the concert were an anni
versary march written for the occasion
by H. J. Seegelken; overture, "Norma";
comic opera medley, "Tid-Blts"; Spanish
dances; the "Lohengrin Bridal Chorus,"
and the "Blue and tne Gray/*
The corner of Market and Third streets
was one 'congested mass of humanity
from dusk until after midnight. There
wasn't a better spot In the city from
which to view the illuminations. A tem
porary band etand was fitted up next to
The Call building, and here a band de
lighted the several thousand listeners with
national airs, medleys and waltaee. The
crowd showed Its appreciation of the more
I.ackmann, J. Richard Freud, Dr. Rob
ert Hamilton, II. B. Clagett, Supervisors
Booth and Connor and A. B. Maguire. In
all there were about 150 people on the
platform. . ,
For the first time since ships began ,to
be launched at the Union Iron Work** a
slight miscalculation was made in the
preparations and the ceremony was? eleven
minutes late. The launch was slated to
occur- at 10:55 o'clock, but it was 11:06
T- - .hen the sound of hammers ceased and
the signal bell rang.
The pressing of a button released the
knife of a diminutive electric guillotine
that had been erected on the platform.
The knife cut a cord and a pendulum
weight was released and knocked away
the "trip" shore, letting the "dog" shore
drop from its place.
The champagne bottle used In christen
ing was broken into bits— a good omen—
and people scrambled for the pieces as
souvenirs. Others carried away pieces of
the splintered shores and keel blocks.
IN THE NAVE OF
THE FERRY DEPOT
at the ferry landing at the foot of Market
street yesterday, for each ferry-boat that
came from the other side of the bay was
crowded with strangers to take part in the
celebration. J. E. U'Donnell, chairman of
the reception committee, and a corps of
assistants were on hand to welcome the
members of the visltinjjparlors, and he
had at his command two bands of music,
which were employed to escort the visit
ing Native Sons to their respective head
quarters. There were also members of the
reception committee at each of the other
places where passengers land. The Native
Daughters' reception committee was on
hand in one of the rooms of the ferry
building. By 4 o'clock there had come to
this city more than 30,000 strangers, and
they kept coming from that time on until
9 o'clock at night.
An Artistic Effect.
During the day and in the evening there
was concert music in the grand nave of
the ferry building, which is tastefully
decorated.
It takes an artist to produce an artistic
effect. The proof of this assertion can be
scon In the effect produced by a corps of
artisans on Bushneii's gallery on Market
street, near City Hall square. For three
days the labor of decorating- the gallery
has progressed urtdtr the direction of Miss
Nora Quinlan. who during Mr. Bushnell's
absence Is in charge of the gallery.- From
the architrave of the building the national
colors are grouped In streamers which are
gathered below in cornucopias and held
with rosettes. Between the streamers
stars of re«l and gold and spangled shields
are hung en pendante. A sign of "Wel
come"' woven In a blaze of light stands
out in the foreground, while over the en
trance an electric flag reflects the red,
white and blue. The entrance Is draped
in blue and gold. California's rolors. This
is In honor of Governor Gago and staff,
who will Bit next Tuesday for portraits
ajid groups. The general grouping of the
decorations is most pleasing; in fact, the
scheme executed under Miss Quinlan's di
rection Is among the most artistic In the
city. . .
Objects to Phelan.
A subcommittee of the literary commit
tee waited on Governor Gage yesterday
and asked him ti» deliver an address at
the literary exercises at Native Sons'
Hall on Monday night. He declined the
honor tendered with thanks, saying that
he did not care to talk on the same even
ing with James D. Phelan.
Pioneer Women's Reception.
The pioneer women of California '.will
entertain all visiting, pioneers on Monday
and Tuesday In Golden West Hall, Red
Men's building, Post street, near Powell.
A cordial Invitation has been extended to
pioneers to accept their hospitality.
At Central Pork. ->
The management of Central Park an
nounces that they will admit all Native
Sons and Daughters wearing: badges, dur
ing their stay in San Francisco, free.
The Park has many novelties for both
old and young. Among them are the
Filipino ? .water, buffaloes, the "Street
,Two Peculiar Occidents on
the Water Front— Artistic ¦
Decorations
mRS. McENDAW of 3127 Twenty
first street witnessed the naval
parade under great difficulties.
She was standing at the corner
of East and Howard streets, and con
fined her attention strictly to the fire
works, as viewing the parade from where
she stood was out of the question. Be
coming tired of looking skyward for such
a length of time she yawned, and from
then on Mrs. MeEndaw cared little for
parade or fireworks.
In some, unaccountable manner the
lady's jaw became dislocated, and such
was her predicament sho was unable to
inform her friends •what ailed her. With
mouth open and surrpunded by friends
asking unanswerable questions, Mrs. Mc-
Endaw stood, and soon became the pyno
sure of all eyes. Tho situation presented
itself in a funny light to those in the
crowd, but the friends of the lady be
came alarmed and hurried her to the Har
bor Hospital.
On examination by Dr. Putnam it de
veloped that the lady had a severe case
of tired feeling some time ago, and in ex
pressing her feelings in a similar manner
had dislocated her jaw. After treatment
she was Bent to her home in the care of
friends.
Fell Twenty Feet.
Miss Emily Mitchell of 6 Twenty-second
street, Oakland, went to the water front
last evening to see the naval parade. Ac
companied by three friends, Philip Wesser
of Oakland, J. Doherty of Seventh avenue
and Mrs. Edwards, she went up in the
coal bunkers of Dunsmulr & Co at Steuart
and Foteom streets seeking a place where
they could better see the parade. In the
darkness Miss Mitchell lost her footing
and fell twenty feet and then slid down an
iron coal chute. But for the fact that the
lower end of the chute was closed she
would probably have been killed. Mr
Wesser narrowly escaped having a fali
down the same chute. ,/ ¦
After some time Miss Mitchell was taken
to the water front hospital for treatment
by Policeman George Otterson. There It
was found that she did not have any
broken bones and was not seriously In
jured. She was Quite badly bruised and
had a severe nervous shock.
Meeting the Guests,
There was a- genuine rush, of strangers
familiar airs by mingled applause and
cheers.
INCIDENTS OF THE
BIG CELEBRATION
SEE'S off: The massive mold of
iron and steel had been released;
the ponderous thing seemed to
r;u!ver for a moment as pretty
jTraaoes Warren splashed the
eparEim? ¦w-^e. and then, like a young |
colt given Its first freedom, the mighty
idog of war shot defiantly down the steep
incline Into e. tranquil sea. The American
navy's newest terror, the monitor Wyom-
Jr.gr, had b*en launched. And as she sped
tdong. leaving a lane, of snowy white foam
In her wake. 20,<p<y> people cheered lustily,
¦while the weird screeching of countless
Fteamers, tug* and launches added to the
din.
It -was a. remarkable scene — that accom
panying the chrlst<rii!r.g of Uncle Sam's
rew eea. defender— which was witnessed
e.t the Potrero at 31 o'clock yesterday
morning. It was a scene a.t one-; thrilling
and Inspiring. It was a fcene that the old
have beheld before and, would easrerly wit
ness araln. It was a seen* that fired
every patriotic heart and that impressed
the young tvlth the significance of a na
tion's defense. Although far from being
completed, the very crudeness of the big
beat awakened within one a spirit of won
der and amazement as he marveled at
man's craftsmanship.
The ceremonies proved a fitting com
mer-cement of California's Eeml-centen
nla! celebration. Long before the appoint
«»d hrwr for the christening to take place
there were signs of activity around the
Immense dock from which tre boat was.
to be launched. The engineers, the me
chanics and in fact ail the men who
helped to mold the craft into form an.l
thape from the time the keel was started
in April. 1S3.J. were on hand at tin early
iiour and busied themselves in demolish
ing the wedges and blocks which held the
beat secure and in preparingAhe ropes
«xd anchors that were to hold her sta
tionary when deep water was reached.
And as they labored the crowds began to
gather on the. water front.
The monitor lay with her stern toward
the water. The hull is painted a grayish
pink, while the armor shelf, deck and
turret are coated with a brick-colored
taint, intended for use, not ornament.
Just in lrcnt of tho bow a temporary plat
form had teen constructed to accommo
date the inviied puests and those who
were to participate in the ceremonies. The
platform railings were entwined with vari
colored hurting. At the stern and bow
cf the boat the glorious istars and stripes
waved majestically, the bright colors
forming a striking contrast to the gTimy
surroundings.
At 10:45 a detachment of marines from
the battleship Iowa, accompanied by the
Iowa's band, marched into the yards of
the T'nion Iron Works and took a. position
alongside the platform. The crowd had
by this t5me swelled from hundreds to
thcut.anns and every conceivable place
from the mast of a schooner to the lofty
trellis work of near-by drjdocks was oc
cupied by those eager to get a good view
ing point.
Crowds Came to See.
the yards of the company -were
'Cf.ng filled up with humanity the water
froct presented a pretty spectacle. The
shore for a lonf distance was dotted with
people and the roofs of the neighboring
rtocJchouses were black with spectators.
The scene was enlivened by steamers and
tugs which steamed up slowly to a point
of vast&jr3 tilth their decks crowded with
meg, jroiaea,. acd children. Launches and
rowboats darted in and out of the small
openings between the larger craft and
made things interesting as they rocked
and tumbled about in the high rolling
waves made by a passing steamer.
The last block had been hacked away
from under the boat and all eyes were
riveted upon her. The sudden scurrying
of the small craft in front of the pier
from which the monitor was to slide was
the signal to the people on the shore and
in the boats that all was ready.
Miss Francis Warren, becomingly
gowned in a blue tailor-made suit, stepped
modestly forward and with outstretched
hand emptied the foaming contents of a
champagne bottle down the s'lde of the
noblo shin's bow. Then, as the wine was
yet dripping and sparkling in the golden
sunlight. Miss Edna Bartlett of Cheyenne
touched the electric button which released
the "dog shore," the final support which
hold more than two and a half million
pounds stationary, and away went Uncle
Sam's new terror of the s?a.
The lioat glided down the Incline as
smoothly as if on iron runners. As she
struck the water the point of her stern
rut drop, throwing spray on either side
that rose high in the air and then seemed
t<> burst into mvriads of tiny, white drops
that grlistened like miniature meteors in
the radiant sunlight.
A Riotous Greeting.
As she sr>ed along there was one grand
outburst of noise from the excited specta
tors, reinforced by the heavy fog horn of
the steamboat, the shrill whistle of the
tup and the saucy toots of steam and
naphtha launches. It was a great Imita
tion of the late P. T. Barnum's famous
steam calliope. The demonstration con
tinued until the monitor had anchored
about t/<0 yards from the point of launch
ing. The Iowa's band played the "Star
hpanprled Banner" and the "Red, "White
and Rluc," the crowd joining In the chor
uf. It was exactly six minutes past 11
when the boat was started.
Miss Warren, who christened the Wyonv
lt l B -, ls k he dau ? hte r of the s«*nlor,6enator
of the State of Wyoming. The ladies of
that State have up to the present time
raised over S1000 toward the purchase of
a silver service which will be presented
to the monitor when she goes into com
mission. The monitor Wyoming is the
second ship of war bearing that name,
the hrst being a sister ship of the cele
brated Koarsarge, and she fought one of
the greatest battles in the history of the
American navy in the Shlmonoseki Straits
in 1SG4. ,
w Wnt^J n / inlshe j! M 1 * new " Wyoming will
have 3200 tons displacement. It Is 223 fet
long and fifty feet deep and will have 2400
indicated horsepower, with a speed of
tv.-enty-f.our knots an hour. Her battery
will consist of two twelve-inch breech
loading guns; four four-Inch rapid-fire
guns: three slx-pounders and four one
poundors. It is expected she will be ready
for service within a year.
Governor Richards and party from
Wyoming 1 were conspicuous on the plat
form built at the monitor's bow as she
lay on the ways. The members of the
party were Governor de Forest Richards
Adjutant General Frant A. Stitzer. Gen
eral A. P. Hanson. Captain P. Covert and
Captain Patrick Sullivan of the Govern
or's staff. Miss Frances Warren, Mrs
Covert, Mrs. Hanson, Miss Edna Bartlett
and Miss Frances K. Crowley. . * .
Kear Admiral Joseph Trlfley. retired
Pa ym aster L. C. Kerr of the Iowa and
Naval Constructor Snow, superintending
naval constructor of the Wyoming, rep
resented the navy on the platform, and
Colonel Mendell. Malor Thomas Wllhelml
and Captain Kimbali of the regular army
represented that branch of the service.
Among otherg on the platform were
Irving M. Scott, Julius Kahn, Sheriff
'LAUNCH OF THE WYOMING AND THOSE WHO ASSISTED IN THE OCCASION.
ing ashore from the steamer Point Arena-
She was rescued by a man who gave hla
name as Peterson. Both were taken to
the Harbor Hospital.
PREPARATIONS FOR
POLITICAL BATTLE
the visiting Native Sons and Daughters
return to their homes.
The Democratic State Executive Com
mittee held a brief session yesterday aft
ternoon. which was attended by J. C.
Sims. M. F. Tarpey, A_ Caminettl, T. O.
Toland. Judd Rush, W. H. Alford and F.
W. Allender. Arrangements for opening
the campaign next Saturday night were
discussed. The Mechanics' Pavilion has
been engaged for the demonstration, la
this city. The chief speaker win bo
Charles A. Towne.
The Republicans have engaged the Pa
vilion for next Friday evening. Senator
Fairbanks ¦will then entertain and en
lighten the audience. Other gifted speak
ers will be announced in due time. Tha
Republicans are well organized through
cut the State and a large percentage of
the party vote Is registered. After th»
campaign of public speaking begins thera
will be no halting until the victory la won.
Demonstrations Planned and Emi
nent Speakers Engaged to Open.
the Campaign Next "Weak.
The politicians have suspended hostili
ties and will not renew the battle until
Ivast week the grand dictator and a
number of the grand officers went to
N'apa to initiate a number of candidates
for the lodge In that city. The same offi
cers visited Vallejo last night for
the purpose of initiating candidates for
the lodge of that city. It la announced
that there will be twelve candidates.
San Diego Lodge reports having re
ceived a dozen applications. -
During the past two months Los An
geles received forty applications. Twenty
one of the applicants have already beea
Initiated. -
S. J. Thomas, dictator of Yerba Buena
Lodge, having accepted a Government po
sition which requires his presence la
China, ho regretfully resigned hia office.
Grand Reporter Johnstone. who la a mem
ber of fhat lodge, was elected to fill the
office for the unexpired term. At the
meeting of this lodge on the evening of
the 3d inst. there will be a vote on th«
question of final passage on amendments.
Knights of Honor.
Beats for the Parade.
The best grand stand to view the p*rm<Je
Is on Van Ness avenue-, near Market
street. Seats on sale at pharmacy, corner
Market street and Van Ness avenue; also
at the xwxd stand. *
Found Dead on the Street.
J. H. Wells. j»cellarman in the- employ
of the Hibernia Brewery, was found dead
In front of 1216 Mission street last night.
The body was removed to the Morgue.
Death was evidently due to heart failure.
The Lauriston's Frigid Voyage.
The British ship Laurlaton. which ar
rived here from Hamburg yesterday, re
ports that during her passage she experi
enced very cold weather, everything on
deck being frozen. Twenty of the crew
were frostbitten, six of them badly.
Services at Calvary.
Special pralne service will be held at
Calvary Presbyterian Church, corner of
Powell and Geary streets. Rev. John
Hemphill. • pastor. , this evening In honor
of Admission day anniversary. .The pas
tor will address the congregation on
"California's Mission." Tho following
musical programme will" be rendered:
Rudyaxd Kipling's recessional hymn, by
the- choir: barytone solo, Willard Young
"Battle Hymn of the Republic" (solo).
"Walter C« Campbell; * r Star-Spang1ed
Banner," Miss Margery Marks; patriotic
hymns by the congregation.
Golden Gate Parlor opened Its headquar
ters in ITnat B'rith Hall last night with
a grand ball at which there were as many
persons as could crowd Into the large hall.
The members of the parlor wore their new
uniform, In which they are to parade to
morrow. The decorations were tasteful
and very attractive. The ball was con
ducted under the direction of the follow
ing committees: .
Arrangements— David Wilson, chairman; E.
J. Barton, Percy V. Long. H. C. Pasquale and'
J. S. Partridge.
Floor — David Wilson (director), H. Toomey
(assistant director). F. Todt. I*. Slebe. Joseph
Glaser. E. O. Fitzgerald and M. Hayes.
Reception— A. H. Blakelejr, William Ramm.
R. H. Milter, George Biebe»helmer and C. C.
Smit*.
This evening the parlor will give a grand
entertainment.
Golden Gate Entertains.
Pacific Parlor opened Us headquarters
In Odd Fellows' Hall last night with a
dance, which was terminated at 11 o'clock.
This hall, like the others, is also prettily
decorated, the .colors being yellow, pink
and white. The dance was in charge of:
John F. Cannon (floor manager). K. A.
Groezinerer, George Cavanaugh. George
Stangenberger, P. A. Schoenwald, William
G. Pennycook, T. P. Martin and C. E.
Singley.
Then followed a jinks for members, at
which the many numbers were furnished
principally by members of the theatrical
profession. To-day this parlor will have
a Sunday concert, when the following pro
gramme will be presented:
Overture, "Diademe," Third United States
Artillery Orchestra; intermezzo. "Cavalleria
Rustlcana" (Mascagnl). Third United States
Artillery Orchestra: "Like the Woodland
Rnscs" (F"ranz Malr». Pacific Quartet: "Presto
Brilliant^"* (Mendelssohn), Miss Clara Nolan;
"Ave Maria" (Millard). Mrs. A. JIcGlade;
tencr »olo (selected). J. F. Ve<»co: flute solo.
"Oh. Harpy Time! Oh. Blessed Time!" Wllhelm
Popp and Herman Schaeffer. accompanied by
Miss Clara Nolan: soprano solo. "Pllicrlin* of
the Night," Mrs. Eva Tcnney, accompanied by
H. J. Stewart: "Coronation March" (Meyer
beer). Third United States Artillery Orchestra:
contralto solo. "O Divine Redeemer" (Gou
nod). Mrs. J. E. Birmingham, accompanied by
H. J. Stewart; "Stabat Mater" <Rosslni>, Kob
ert Lloyd; cornet solo. "Tho Palms," Armand
Putz. musical director Third United States Ar
tillery Band: soprano solo, "Hoaanna" <Gra
nter). Miss Millie Flynn, accompanied by H. J.
Stewart: barytone solo. "The Holy City." R.
W. Jones; "Forsaken" (Thomas Koschet),
Pacific Quartet: "Hearts and Flowers" <To
banl), Third United St3tes Artillery Orches
tra.
Pacific Parlor.
Fair." "Paddy's Market." the famous
Crystal "painting, Mme. McElfreah's
trained horses: the newest sensation, the
"Sled Slide." and numerous others. The
park Is open dally from noon until mid
night.
Woman Rescued From the Bay.
Mrs. Florinda Thomas, residing at 219
Bay street, fell Into the boy from Mission
street wharf No. 1 bust olglyt while com*
Two Pretty Girls Sped the
Big Ship on Its Way, One
to Release Its Bonds and
the Other, to Bathe Its
Bow in Foaming Wine.
WHILE STEAM SHRIEKED, PEOPLE CHEERED AND BANDS PLAYED THEIR
FINEST, THE WYOMING SLID FROM THE WAYS INTO THE ARMS OF THE SEA
Successful Launching of the
New United States Mon
itor From the Union Iron
Works in the Presence of
Many Thousand People.
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 9, 1900.
33MRS. JOSEPH S. TOBIN.
On© of th» Best Dressed U/omenln San Francisco.
There In no word In th*» Chinese laji
gruage that conveys an Intimation of what
wo term public opinion; nor 13 there &
synonym for patriotism.
The reappearance of the brighter stars
at different seasons of the year, their
height above the horizon, the angular dis
tance between them, eclipses and the mo
tions of the sun, moon and planets were
made the subject of careful study in Asia
and Egypt at least 5000 to 6000 years ago,
and perhaps at a still earlier stage of
human history. Lockyer believes that
many of the oldest temples In Egypt were
oriented with reference to the rising of
certain stars. There Is a Chaldean work
on astronomy that dates back to 3S0O B
C. and It is within the range of possi
bility that something more ancient may
>et be found in Babylonia. The earlles"t
record now known of a solar eclipse hap
pens to be Chinese, and Is 4000 years old.
In view of the well established antiquity
of astronomy and astrology, the odd little
observatory in the outskirts of Peking
which is said to be 300 years old, might b«
comparatively modern. And so it is. in a
strictly chronological sense. But all true
Observatory at Peking.
Primitive Apparatus Once Used in
ASTRONOMICAL RELICS.
Mr. and Mrs. Louis Getz have Just re
turned home after :m extended trip
abroad. ,
Mrs. Emanuel Brown of San Diego is
visiting with her daughter, Mrs. H. a.
Miss Gertrude Hay ward, of 3825 Army
street, have returned from Sonoma val
ley. where they have been occupying the
Monahan cottage during the months of
July and August. While there they had
as guests the Misses Loretta and Xonio
Hay ward. J. J. Bacon, Miss Estel!e
Greene. Captain de Dural, Mr. and Mrs.
Lawton. A. T. Greene, Mrs. J. Donohue,
Mrs. E. Hyde, Miss P. La Rue and Fj C.
Ewing.
Mr. and Mrs. Otto Flelssner, after an
absence of three monthis, have returned
to their home, 2314 Octavia street.
A. W. Bacon, pay director of the UnitM
Stales navy, Mare Island, and Captain W.
T. Field, commander of the United
States steamship Ranger, are among the
arrivals at Byron Hot Springs.
Mrs. Alexander Matheson will discon
tinue her Sunday afternoon at homes dur
ing September, as ehe .is to spend that
month in Monterfcy and its immediate vi
cinity.
Miss Bertha Baum of Los Angeles Is in
the city over the celebration and will be
pleased to see her friends at 614V^ Taylor
street.
Gladys ~KrJ|hen. Miss Anna Owen, Miss
Alice O'Meara? Miss Sarah O'Meara, Miss
Ethel Sears. Miss Ida Tormey, Miss Lula
Griffith. Miss Mabel Williams. Miss Annie
Jones, Archie Campbell, Ross Chorley,
Will Fleck. Garth Fcrgusson, William
Henry. George Hull, Claude Kern, M.
Mondros, Joe Pohle. I,ouis Parker. Leslie
Smith. George Williams, Mrs. A. Camp
bell, Mrs. M. J. Bodwell, Mr. and Mrs. J.
R. Chorley and Mr. and Mrs. W. H. Wil
liams.
In the Future.
Mr. and Mrs. W. Wolfe of Alameda an
nounce the barmitavah of their son Ed
mund to take place bn. Saturday, Septem
ber 15. at the -Synagogue Bhorith Israel.
Mr. and MrswW. Wolfe will receive their
friends on Saturday, September 15, at 1905
Bush street.' and on Sunday, September
16, at their residence. 1213 Pacific avenue,
Alameda, from 2 to 5.
Sailed. Away.
The following Pacific Coast people
sailed for Europe on the Hamburg-Amer
ican line steamship Pretoria from New
York September 1: George Tashiera,
Mrs. George Tashiera, Mrs. F. C. Turner,
Miss Elvira Peterson, Otto Peterson,
Annie L. Stone of 221 Post street has Just
returned from Paris and is row ready to
show all the latest styles In millinery. •
The Indies' Sinsrinp Club has begun its
third season under the direction of Rob
ert I,loyd with rehearsals at Elks' Hail.
The sirtgrers meet every Monday afternoon
at 3 o'clock ami all "ladles Jrifresterl It.
ensemble singinjr are Invited to attend.
The officers are: Mrs. Nathan Frar.k.
president; Miss Marian Cummins. secr«»-i
tary; Mrs. Oscar Weber, treasurer. anriA*
Miss J. Walker, librarian.
It Is In the air that Miss Mart* "Ultb
row may shortly return to California. I
give the statement for what it is worth.
The singer's voice is not naturally *
pateful organ. It Is inflexible and lack
ing in evenness, Iositik tone altogether
sometimes In the planlsstmos. Her Intona
tion Is also uncertain at times and her
lower notes forced. But -.hen in tempo
rary forgetf ulr.ess of her surroundings
the singer gained a line draxnatic pow»r
and sang full and clearly In her strong
upper tones ar.d allowed her natural arc
of rendering full play one forpot every
thing: "lse in the pleasure. Her ending of
the Handel "Hear. Y» Wlr.ds and
Waves" was purely beautiful.
The Kalisher son? recital on Tuesdar
evening last was a pleasant affair. Sher
man & Clay's Hall was comfortably fllteti
v.-lth the admirers of Miss Kalisher and
gave her a hearty welcome on this her
first and last public appearance thia sea
son. Miss Kalisher's programme was an
admirable one and waj rendered in artis
tic fashion.
I sympathize fully with what you say a» to
the character of the work of the Conservator}".
bs to the exeat atid unselfish part which It
has taken, especially through the untiring ef
forts of Mrs. Thurber. Its four.rlcr and presi
dent, to stimulate public Interest In musical
education In the United States, and I can a.*
sur*. you the members of the Musical Mutual
Protective Union share this feeling and moat
wlllinrly recocnire the value or the work of
the Conservatory by making such formal
change in its by-laws as mljcht prevent their
being an Impediment to the co-operation of th«
members of the union In the work of the Con
servatory-
Iii view of the rational character of the
work done- by the conservatory ami rec
ognizing that Congress, in granting a
national charter to the institution, sub
scribed to its unselfish attitude' towar-1
the art it seeks to foster, sntn' promi
nent citizens of New York— among them
Chauncev M. pppew— requested the Mu
sicians' Union to amend in favor of the
conservatory the law prohibiting Its
members from playing with unpaid niJ-i
sician?. And the law in ouestion has bee:^|
repealed. In terms of hlchest apprecia
tion for their efforts Sylvester A. Mu.
phy. president of the union, said:
A curious decision by the Musical Pro
tective Union of New York haa recently
been made in favor of this pupils' orches
tra. In one clause of tue by-laws of th!3
union is a statement to the effect that
their members may not perform with un
paid musicians at anv public perform
ance to which an entrance fee is chargoi.
Now. the National Conservatory orches
tra la composed of fifty pupils who are
accepted- on their Tivrit and instructed
free of charge. Twenty professors assist
at the public performances, assuring an
artistic ensemble, and all proceeds of tha
concert are devoted t;> defraying the ex
penses of the educational work and a'.s »
to the purchasing of orchestral instru
ments, which become ihe property of the
conse/iratory-
munle" (Schubert). National Conservatory Or
chestra.
Overture, "Don Juan" (Mozart), National
Conservatory Orchestra; concerto, F sharp
minor. I and II movement (Hiller). Hiss
Ttlanche Bruner: dream pantomime "Hansel
and Gretel" " (Humperdlnk). National Con
**rvatory Orchestra; aria from "Euryanthe"
(W eber). Autust Granltxa; overture. "Rosa-
' Another interesting circular received is
from the National Conservatory of Mus.c
of America, founded by Mrs. Jeannette
HI. Thurber. A set of programmes in
closed of students" monthly concerts re
veals a very satisfactory standard of per
formance and some press notices of the
first concert given bv the orchestra of
the conservatory during the last winter
season comment most favorably upon tho
work done. The Interesting programme is
here appended:
Among operas already acquired in th.s
manner by the company are "The Am
ber Witch" and "The Puritan's Daugh
ter." The Moody-Manners company is
now In the third year of its existence.
Speaking of composition. h-;re is evi
dently the chance of a lifetime for the
' struggling genius whose inclination leads
him to writing operas. The Moody-Man-
I ners Opera Company, limited, "at present
the largest English opera company thai
has ever traveled Great Britain, sends
out the following circular:
15 KING STREET. PORTMAN SQUARE.
LONDON. W.. Aug. 20, 19C0.
The Moody Manners C.rand Opera Company
have finally decided to offer two prizes for the
best two operas composed and submitted ror
competition, one prize for a Britisher ana an
other for a foreigner. The prize is to be £->»
each, the check to be paid over on the day of
production, and In addition to this sum 13 per
cent of the net receipts.
For this the opera Is to become the sole prop
erty of the company.
The opera in to be written for a full com
pany, principals, orchestra and chorus, and
Play for a full evening's entertainment. Con
ditions and details are belnjc drawn up and ».ll
be made public shortly. With compliments.
CHARLES MANNER*
And even . further. As genius, in a wide
sense, is properly the possession of the
nation^ and its encouragement in all Its
forms a matter, of national Import— for
the only lasting glory of a people is Its
art expression — It Is the Intimate concern
of every good citizen to remove any
known obstacle in the path of its free and
full development. All of which latter is
prelude to the statement that I, along
with many other musicians, would ven
ture to advise, the retirement, for a time
at least, of our little California genius
from the concert platform.
So far La Paloma has been most wisely
dealt with. Practicing rarely more than
two hours s a day. and that at her own
good pleasure; till two years ago given
the-best teaching within her parents' lim
ited means; turned loose in the woods and
fields for long weeks in the summer; sur
rounded by doves and dolls and tret?a and
flowers in her pretty Los Ange!es home,
and given the, opportunity of a European
tour in which she met almost every musi
cian of note, her life has so far been well
and. wisely ordered. Her recitals, neither
too numerous nor too arduous, have been
a ecurce of 'inspiration to both player and
listener. Given the divine right of genius,
the right conditions of development, as in
this case, it would reasonably appear that
the child musician has> a right to an un
prejudiced hearing, to the encouragement
and inspiration that public sympathy
means to most muslc-al temperaments,
and even the same right to enjoy the
financial result of the possession of ex
ceptional talent as is accorded to the
older performer. All this and more hus
be«n generously given to her talented
daughter by Irer native State, and so far
the benefit has been a mutual one, but
the balance begins to be disturbed. When
Paloma made her first appearance two
years ago at the age of nine her remark
able performance aroused much favorable
comment. Her technique was good, her
tone full and round, her Interpretation*
artistic, her repertoire Interesting, and her
improvisations, th«*n as now. unmistak
ably the product of i genius. I have heard
child-wonders improvise before, among
them little Jcsef Hoffmann, then 10 yeara
old, In England in ISST, and oven his per
formance was mechanical, childish, hesi
tant compared with the fluent and mature
impromptu musical expressions of the lit
tle California girl. -
. That was two years ago. To-day th«
situation is somewhat different. La Pa
loma Is now In her twelfth year, no longer
a child wonder. She has not studied seri
ously since her first appearance in 189S.
Her tone has gained in strength perhaps,
her fingers in fluency, but not to the ex
tent that the passage of two years should
warrant- Her repertoire has been en
larged, but the recent additions, evidently
acquired without supervision, are ren
dered in superficial and incorrect fashion
and "edited" to an extent that only Pa-.
loma's inimitable savoir falre makes
plausible.
AH this, be it understood, exists coin
cidently with the purest musical feeling,
the most musical «bnception of her sub
jects, the keenest feeling for tone grada
tions, the finest sense of the ideals of her
art, but this all ne^d3 wise direction, and
now Is the accepted time.
If this may be and If this small feminine
Mozart may have her rightful due in the
-matter of training at this stage of her
career— and it i3 surely worthy of the
most earnest effort— I venture to prophesy
for California the possession of perhaps
the first great woman composer, it not
performer, that the world has known.
Of course. It is lamentably true that In
the case of the child-genius the possibili
ties oMmnositlon and abuse are limitless,
and difficult of correction. Lazy and
avaricious parents take cruel advantage
of their helplens; talented offspring, de
prive them of all the natural Joys of child
hood ,and overdevelop their exceptional
gift at the expense of the rest of their
faculties', until It would sometimes seem
that child and public were more wisely
deprived - altogether of the right of hear
ing and being heard rather than that one
of these little ones should so suffer from
this parental cannibalism. And here the
right of . public Interference properly
comes in." Shall an unwilling infant b«
driven to a distasteful musical servitude,
a frail child to a merciless round of labor,
a baby-Mozart to an eternal drudgery, to
satisfy the greed of those who should be
the little ode's natural protectors? Pro
test is reasonable and interference a duty.
-¦ Personally I am In favor of the public
appearance of the "wunderklnd," pro
vided music bo its native air in the full
• sense in which the atmosphere is breath
to the nostrils of the small genius in
question. Paloma plays the piano as an
other child pats a mud pie: scribbles her
"notes"— her simple phrase for her small
compositions— as the average infant
scrawls amorphous elephants on a shriek
ing slate; improvises, nocturne, march and
waltz as her contemporary pickaninnies
"make up" marvelous tales of ghost and
giant; plays tag with her fingers, instead
! of her feet, with the same natural im-
pulse that leads her little confreres to the
! latter way of the game. In short, to her
.music is the inevitable means of imagina
tive,expression— the natural outlet for her
childish energies. It is her normal lan
guage and no more to be deprecated or
repressed than any other legitimate mode
of expression.
M-yHE recent recitals of the little mu
1 steal genius from Los -Angeles. Pa
9 loma Schramm. have revived inter
' ¦*• est In the ever-vexed question of
child-wonder performance?, their
Place, their artistic value and their ethical
right to be.
Notes and Comments
of Musical World
CALIFORNIA HOT SPRINGS— Tha fol
lowing guests are among the late arrivals
at California Hot Springs: Mrs. M- L
Berliner, Mis3 Helen Nunn. George Ber
liner, Roland Berliner, G. P. Selth, Wil
liam L. Walters, E. W. Hulford. Miss
Maud Hulford, San Francisco.
KLAMATH HOT SPRINGS— Late ar
rivals at Klamath Hot Springs Include:
J. .S. Bush. C. L. Clark. C. E. Lang. D.
McCarthy, O. H. P. Sheets and wife. San
Francisco: W. M. Harvey, Miss Wilson,
Miss Harvey. Miss Snelllng. F. P. Lane.
Lakeview; Mrs. Fine. Warren Valley:. A.
C. Barry, St. Louis; E. Downing and wife.
Fort Jones: C. E. Humphrey. George T.
Baldwin. Miss Baldwin, R. W. Marple,
W. W» Hazen. Mrs. Campbell. Klamath
Falls: S. H. King, Fort Klamath: W. F.
Brown, Seattle; J. F. Sullivan, Pokegama.
Detmers. U. S. S. Independence; "William
Melander, Bakersfleld; J. L. Bryson,
Stockton. . . j
Mrs. E. A, Fazio, wSf o of tho banker
of San IMeBro, 1» vtnltlnsr tha UIbm*
Friedmiiin °* »« Geary street. -
Mrs. T. W. Haywartf and her daufhter,
Mrs. A. S. Brown of Mary»vllle Is visit
ing her sisters, th« Misses Pauline and
Kitty Aaron, at the Hotel Repell«r, 781
Butter street.
Personals.
Mr. and Mrs. Sydney Weinrtienk hare
removed to 1431 Webster street *•
Honolulu— L. S. Abraham. Miss K.
H. Bioknell, D. Center, wife and three
children: C. B. Dyke. C. A. Elston and
wife, S. P. French and wife. Misa F. H.
Frost. Brother George, J. M. Gibson, J.
W. Gilmore and wife. E. P. Gray, W. L.
Hopper, Miss K. Howard, N. J. Howes,
L. C. Howland, Miss L. K. Iokia, F. King,
Mrs. M. King. A. S. Knudsen, J. A: Low,
L. J. Maddux. H. T. Marsh, J. T. Mc-
Crosson. M. F. McDonald. L. H. Miller,
V. Patterson, "W. C. Peacock and wife,
Judge Antonio Perry, Miss M. Peterson,
Brother Philip. Miss Ida M. Pope. J. L.
Pvobinson. E. C. Sharpe, Mrs. W. E.
Sharpe. H. Strenbeck and wife, Misg A.
Strenbeck. H. B. Wftity. C. N. Weaver
and wife. Apia — R. M. McCallum. Auck
land—F. Armstrong and wife, J. Benton
and wife, Misa M. Kirkpatrick, W. E.
Lingard. H. Reid, James Thain, J. Weis
man and wife. Sydney — Hon. James.Bal
four. Rev. G. A. Balfour and wife. Miss
Balfour, P. P. Borne, W. B. Brlckell and
wife, F. Clark. John Coffey and wife, It.
Davles, Miss L. Davies. J. Fielding .and
wife, I. S. Fiorsheim. Howard Freeman,
John de Groot. K. Hall, A. J. Howard and
wife, Fred Howden, Hon. J. A. Isaacs and
wife. W. Jowett, F. J. Kilmartin, F. Leon
boldt and wife, Henry Maundel and wife,
J. L. MeCammon. George A. Parker, T.
H. Preece. H. f?. Rosenthal. C. T. Saxton,
Mrs. H. Sharpe and three children, T. B.
Smalley, George F. Todman, Miss M. H.
Todman. Joseph Traynor. L. R. Wilson
and wife. Miss Wilson. Miss A- T. Wilson.
Miss B. M. Wilson. Join at Honolulu for
Apla-W. J, Mayer. Join at Honolulu for
Sydney-H. G. Garrett.
Among those sailing on the steamship
Mariposa, which left Wednesday, Septem
ber 5. were:
Mrs. Otto Peterson, L. C. Larsen, Fran
coise A"meline.
On the Hamburg-American line new
express steamship Deutschland from New
York September 4: H. M. Holbrook, Mra.
Samuel Knight, Miss Grace Larned. Dr.
F. X. Springer and wife, Peter Baciga
lupi, Charles Specht and wife, J. Raphael,
Mrs. J. Raphael. John C. Fisher. Mrs.
John C. Fisher. Mr. and Mrs. C. Bruck,
Mrs. Anna Wilhelm and daughter, M.
Weiss. David Wagner, William Weber
and wife.
A very pretty home wedding- took pl;ic*>
Bt noon Wednesday, September 5. when
M!ps Ella M. Martin, daughter of Charles
Martin, end Horace C. Mercer of Robert
Mercer & Son were married at ".^3- Guer
rero Ptr«»et. th<» liome of th«» bride'? pa
rent*. The ceremony was performed by
the Rev. l)r. Averjr of the Westminster
Presbyterian Church, in th» presence of ¦
few intimate friends and the relatives of
the bride and ktooiti. Miss Mabel Wilson
acted aj» maid of honor and W. H. Bonick
as best man. The home was beautifully
decorated with smilax and roses. The
preneru* were both handsome and useful.
After congratulations and partaking of a
wedding breakfast, the happy couple left
Wedding Bells.
The er.gsgempnt is announced of Miss
TJay Jacob?. <la:ith!er of Mr. and Mre.
M. Jacob?, to Emil Weinberg of this citv.
The engagement 1s oxinounced of Miss
Maud O.-tz, daughter of Mr. and Mr?.
l»uis Getz. to M. O. Meyer. They will
receive Sunday, September 10,-at 1101 La
puna street. i
Mr. and Mrs. L. Lubosrh announce the
engagement of their daughter Lena to
Kitnon La.bel of San Rafael. They will re
cejve on Sunday, September 16, from 2 to
F> p. m., at their residence, 789 O'Farroll
street.
The r-ngafrement is announced of Miss
Corn. Hajrenian and Fred L. Cogswell, U.
B. N.
The formal announcement is made of
the enprafrement of Miss tiara Heyman,
fl&ttgbter fif Mr. r.nd Mrs. Jacob Heyman,
to Jos.--ph L^wis Emanuel. At hnme Bun
flay. S'-ptorriber 1C, at California
FTreet.
Th" rnprapfrnent reception of Miss Net
tie Morris and l>iuis Ettllngr wilJ b° held
Funday. September 1«, from 2 to 5, at the
rrsidenr •«» of Mr. and Mrs. J.- Morris, 7j5
McAllister street.
They're Engaged.
Misp Hopkins and Augustus Taylor were
the p-uests of honor at a dinner given on
Tuesday. September 4. in the red room of
the Bohemian Club. Those invited to
rru^t them were Mr. and Mrs. Mountford
B. Wilson. Mrs. Henrj" Bcott. Mlsa Therese
Morgan. Miss Mollie Thonxas. Mips Mc-
Besn. tb« Misses Kdna and Georgie Hop
kir.s. Miss Caro Crockett. Miss Carrie
TJaylor, Frr<1 W. McNear. Harry N. Stet-
Kin. A. H. WiJcox. William H. Taylor Jr..
Joseph Tobin Jr., Latham McMullln and
12. M. Grc+nway.
THE season Is on. The <*omlnjy week
will be crammexl with weddings.
luncheons, dinners and entertain
ments, and the proepect for the im
mnrtlaf future is equally as Brilliant. The
wed.Jir.g of Ml?s Claire Hamilton and
Adams Martin will take place on
Wednesday at the home of the brides
parents. Mr. and Mrs. Alexander Hamil
ton, out on California street. Another
"VV'-dnesday wadding will be that of Miss
Hattto Jackson and John L. I>ahl, which
will t<ike place at the residence of the
bride's parents. Mr. and Mrs. A. \V. Jack
son. ISM Page street. The firFt big dinner
of xhf* swuson will be given on Friday
• reruns: "oy Mr. and Mrs. W. P. Morgan,
comp'iinfntar>' to Miss Hopkins and Au
gustus Taylor.
A birthday party was given last Sun
day afternoon by tho Mifses Raislna Isa
bella and Emily Wynne Cosfirr.-i.ve at the
residence of their parcfits, 4214 Twenty
sixth street. Icecream and other refresh
ments were served and there were appro
priate exercises, including piano selec
tions by Olaiiys Denis and Hazel Woods.
cakewaJk by Carrie Bruutr and Genevieve
Urlttain. songs by Lily Ray and Rosie
and Nellie Mullen and a vocal duet by
Cnrrie Hupp^rt and Gladys L)enis. The
following were present: * M:.-s Carrie
Bruner, Miss Genevieve Prittain, Miss
Ruth Coffin. Miss Maud Woou«, Miss
Rosie Mullen, Miu Claire Ga.lsby Mis-j
Nellie Mullen. Miss Charlotte H««ppertJ
Mifs Emily W. Cosgrave. Misj lluiFina
I. Cosprave. Miss Hazel "Woods. Miss Lily
P.-y. Miss Gladys Denis. Miss Edna Ing
rain and Miss Carrifi Huppert.
A most enjoyable surprise, styled an in
door picnic, was tendered to Miss Xettie
Israel of Alameda on her return from the
southern part of the State, on Sunday
evening, September 2. Appropriate games
and dancing to the strains of a strinped
orchestra, were indulged in till the wee
hours of the morning;. Those present
were: Mesdarr.es Berge. Al Jacobs, C
Hirst, C. Gros?, B. Jacobs and E
Schworin; Misses C. Thieben. G. Pollack.
J. Cohen, Nettie Israel. Kschen. J. Meyer
K. Meyer, Uulu Israel, flarisse Israel
Rice, Hutton, Lizzie Jacobs, T. Galinper
and Annabel Hirst; Messrs. C. Hirst W
Hall, Joe Israel, Al Jacobs. C. Gross. Ed
Israel, Bernstein. Grant, Uhlman. Gold
stone. K<i Schwerln. li. Jacobs, Eugene
Israel; Pierre Nathan, Dave Israel, GU3
Pollack, Al Pollack and Lee Eschen.
A successful and most delightful sur
prise party was priven to Kmne. Schnetz
ler on Tuesday evening, September 4, to
celebrate the anniversary of his twentv
flrst birthday. Those proscnt were: Miss
Eva McCready, Miss Vora Allen, Miss
Klla Peters. Miss Edna Daivis-, Miss Alice
Fassold. Miss Adelaide Dearin, Miss Lulu
Sehnetzlcr. Miss I-,ark, Misses Annie and
Millie Wrenchler. Mrs. C. Lampe, Mr. and
Mrs. L. Sehnetzlcr, Mr. and Mrs. C
Piepeilirs:.
On tho .yeninpr of the 1st ir.st. there was
a very enjoyable birthday party given to
Miss Mabel A. Williams at the residence
of her parent*; Mr. and Mrs. AV. H. Wil
liams, £i»74 Market street. The parlors
ivt-re tastefully decorated with beautiful
flowers and pversreons, and after con
gratulations there was Inaugurated an
evening of musk-, song and games, after
which supper was served. Those present
were: Miss Freda Brooks. Miss Gertrude
Campbell. Miss Sophie narrower, Miss
Clara Harter, Misa Lottie Hucks, Miss
A fart-well dinner was -given to Miss
Oharlotte Corlette recently in honor of
her departure for New York, where she
will join the Bosionians. A jnost enjoy;
ab'.e time was spent. Among"the features
of the evening were singing, dancintr. rec
itations, etc. AmoTifj those present wore:
Miss Charlotte Corlette, Fred Turner,
Miss Zello Bourquin. C. Hanlcy, Miss
Mayme Mann. Frank Williams, Miss Elsie
Hrown. Waller Uanples, Miss Itose Fitz
simons. Arthur tKenny and Miss Annie
Sullivan.
A pleasant surprise party was Riven to
M, Reidy Saturday evening, September 1,
in honor of his birthday. The evening
was spent in games and other amusp
ments. Amonp those present were; M.
Reidy, Miss Kate Gancy. C Murray,- Miss
Grinfell. C. Perry. Miss S. Reidy. C. Lane,
Miss Kthel Silberstein. Mr, Aterman. Mis=s
Keta I-rf-ary. W. Connelly. Miss Tally, \V.
Grinsell. Miss Mae Gancy, Mrs Reidy and
Mrs. Little. V '
Mr. and Mrs. D. Bucking: celebrated
their silver wedding Aiipust 22, at their
resilience, <7>S Hryant street. The evening:
was pleasantly spent In musical selections
rendered by H. Seebaeh and J. Neubauer.
Mr. and Mrs. Bucking received . many
beautiful presents. A pupper was served
at SI O'clock. The following were present:
Mr. and Mrs. 1). Bucking, Mr. and Mrs.
C Peters and Mrs. I'. Peters of Oakland,
Mr. and Mrs. P. Kr~hs. Mr. and Mrs. J,
Meinke of Havwardfl. Mr. and Mrs. A.
Juchter, Miss Martha Bucking, .Miss F.
.Tuchter, Herman Burkina. Miss M. Jurh
ter. J. Eietnbockal; Mr. Dobhel. Mias A.
Jurhter, Rudolf Krrbs, Mr. and Mrs. Q.
Windeler, H. Horstman. II. Sceba.cn, Miss
Hattle Moinke, J. Neubauet, 2miks Anna
Meinke and Frieda Mfinke.
Home Gatherings.
The bride, who is a handsome and ac
complinhod Kirl. is the youngest daughter
of Mr;*. M?ypr and the late Henry Meyer,
one of the pioneers of this State, and is
a tfoneral favorite in social circles. Mr.
Hofmann, who has bern connected with
the Fireman's Fund Insurance Company
for a number of years, is the son of the
late Adolf Hofmann and nephew of Atto
kar Hofmann. best known among the
foremost metallurgists and mining engi
neers of the East.
on the evening train for the Lakes, and
will be home to their friends at 315 Scott
street after October J.
Miss lion ha M. lfreund and Ralph Lee
Gamier were married at noon Monday,
September 3, by Rev. Mr. Sanford, at the
residence of th<» bride's mother. 508
Franklin street. The wedding was quietly
celebrated. Breakfast was served at the
residence of the bride's mother. Mr. and
Mrs*. Gamier will spend their honeymoon
at Pacific Grove, and then will go to their
future home at Los Angfles.
Waller A. Ifofmann and Miss Eleanor
ITeyer were married last evening at 8
o'clock in Bt. Mary's Cathedral. Kev.
Charles A. Bamm officiating. Miss Lillian
Lubhcn aou-.1 as maid of honor and Miss
Theresa Meyer. Miss Gertrude Proll, Miss
Lottie Maer and Miss Lulu Purlenky of
ficiated as bridesmaids. Richard Hof
mann of Los Aneelfs. brother of the
groom, was best man and Arthur Dollard,
Dr. A. T. Derby. Dr. George Purlenky
and Fred Meussdorffer acted as ushers.
A rpecption followed the ceremony at the
home «'f the bride's si?ter, Mr. and Mrs.
P. Flach. 2W3 Pine street.
The republic of Guatemala has imposed
a tax of $70 per head on all cattle export
ed from the country. It Is intended to b«
prohibitive. '. .• --,.:¦ , ¦ ..:
Stollnltz, IBS2 Post street, and will be
pleased to receive her friends.
Personals.
Mrs. Luke Robinson and her daughter,
Miss Bernadette, have returned home af
ter a six weeks' sojourn In Santa Cruz.
At the Resorts.
Mrs. William Gersh*.l has returned to
New York after a visit of three months
with her parents, Mr. and Mrs. J. Ep
pinger.
Miss Tessie Olson, who has been visit
ing friends in the* southern part of the
State for the past two months, returned
home Wednesday.
Ix>uls Goodman and his daughter,
Annie, have returned from Southern Cali
fornia.
HOTEL DEL CORONADO-Mme. Mod-
Jeska, Count Bozenta, Mr. and Mrs. James
A. Rice of Tustln, Mrs. Pawllckl, wife of
the San Francisco physician of thatname.
Miss Marie Lynch of "Wilkesbarre, Pa_,
and Miss Benda, a niece of Mme. Modjes
ka, were guests of Hotel del Coronado
last week.
W. S. Pierce and daughters. Mrs. W. K.
Hope and Mrs. Prendergast of New York
City, left here Saturday for San Fran
cisco en route to Japan.
Mr. and Mrs. W. Austin Goodman of
Cincinnati gave a launch party to the
Coronado Islands Sunday last for Captain
and Mrs. Nicholson of the United States
steamer Farragut.
Mrs. O. P. Posey of Los Angeles enter
tained Rev. B..-W. R Tayler, wife and
family, Mrs. S. A. Van Gilson, Miss Hag
ney and the Misses Houghton of Los An
geles and Mrs. William McAllster of New
York at Hotel del Coronado during the
fortnight just past.
Dr. and Mrs. Stanley Stillman of San
Francisco were guests of honor at a din
fler party given by Mme. Modjeska at Ho
tel del Coronado Tuesday evening.
HIGHLAND SPRINGS— Registered at
Highland Springs are: Mr. and Mrs. C.
H. G. McBrlde, Mr. and Mrs. J. R. Koch
er, San Jose: Dr. and, Mrs. J. A. Rice,
Los Gatos; Mr. and Mrs. J. Craig:. Wood
land.
THE GEYSERS— The list of arrivals
at the Geysers for the week past includes:
Robert Nordman.W. C. Keogh, meor«?o
Marcus, Captain William Olsen and wife,
Robert Richardson, C. ¦Willoughbv, Jo-
Bcph Keating. F. D. 1 Maher, E» E. Drake
and wife, William I* Hugtoson and wifa
and child, P. W. Page an8 wife. Herman
N euhaus, Mrs. A. C. Smith. FVank L».
Norton, Ban FYonclsoo; . I* 3. Sherman,
H. Tjjgjry, Alamedk; MJsb B. Meyer, Dlv
onj Miss M. C. Bonrlnger, Calls to ga; W.
Another device in the collection, look-
Ing like an upright pump and its handle,
may have been used in measure the angu
lar altitude of objects In the northern
skies. But whether thl3 surmise be cor
rect or not, it is clear that the apparatus
itself long since ceased to be of any ser
vice. The Chinese are not a progressive
people. They probably cannot grasD either
the technique or the mathematics of the
most advanced astronomical practice of
to-day. But they long ago learned enough
to eee the uselessness of the instruments
here described, which are interesting only
as curious relics of an effete civilization.
Bcientiflc astronomical work begran with
the recognition 300 or 400 years ago of the
fact that the earth Is a sphere rotating on
its axis, and that the heavens are sta
tionary. Moreover, a vast proportion of
the knowledge possessed to-day regarding
the stars has been acquired by means of
the telescope,. which was not known three
centuries ago. Indeed, so enormous have
been the advances made since the time of
Galileo, and so little progress was achiev
ed from the days of Ptolemy to those of
Copernicus, that the Chinese astronomer
could not have had a much better Instru
mental equipment in 1000 than at the be-
Binnlng of the Christian era. At any rate,
that of the abandoned Peking observatory
Is exceedingly primative, and it would
puzzle experts In stellar science to say
exactly what were Its functions.
As their records show, the ancients at
tempted little more than to note the height
of various conspicuous objects above th«»
horizon, their relative distance from each
other and the time of year when they
were most conveniently situated for obser
vation. For these purposes they needed
only simple devices. One of their best
known pieces of apparatus was an "armil
lary sphere," a combination of brass cir
cles rotating on an axis that was suf
ficiently inclined to aim at the point about
which the heavens seemed to revolve. One
might be disposed to take some of the ob
jects in the old Peking observatory for ar
millary spheres, but they are lacking in
certain Important features. Hence If tfiese
instruments were founded to serve the
purpose of an armillary sphere they must
have done so Inadequately. They are very
rudimentary in character. It is not in
credible that time and the weather have
not only rendered these old Chinese relics
useless, but have also deprived them of
some of their original features. A good
many thines might happen to objects left
for centuries in so exposed a situation.
However, without a close scrutiny of the
instruments made on the spot It would
be Impossible to say with confidence what
changes and losses had occurred.'
. THE SAN FRANCISCO CAI/L, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 9, 1900.
34
Society
ADVERTISEMENTS.
VYe have been making TAILOR-
MADE GARMENTS for tho Whole-
sale Trade ONLY. The popularity
of our Garments has prompted us
to open a Retail Department, where
an advance of only 10 per cent
above the WHOLESALE SELLING
PRICE will be charged. This extra
10 per cent Is to cover cost of
any alterations.
Tallor-Made Suits and Jackals
ready to wear or made to your
measure. Ladies' own material
made up If desired.
S. BELLER & CO.,
230 Sutler Street.
Tak* Mall Orders
Elevator ororr>ptty attarftftd to.
Mrs. Nettie Harrison's!
Him Hair i
|Day^^R es torer{
| Actually Restores GRAY OR FADED Hair to •
I Its youthful looks inJOl'3 DAYS. Not a dye. !
i 1$ pleasant to use. $1 a bottle, all (irof- •
• gists. 1 FREE treatment to all purchasers. •
• MRS. NETTIE HARRISON, j
I Dermatologist, 78-80 Geary St.S.F. j
RHEUMATISM
g\ m.m. CURED**-*
by the waters and the mud baths
ar.J tha hot mineral ba-.ha of
BYRON HOT SPRINGS
Address A. BETTEN'S. Munayer,
, Byron Hat Sprinefl. CaS.
LOMBAHD & CO.. 3« O**ry »t.. City Arts.
PARA1S0 HOT SPRINGS,
Thp Carlsbart of America. Is now open for the
winter season. Address C. T. ROMIE, ParalJO
Spring"- t'al. |
KL.AMATM HOT SI»R/,KC9.
The healthiest resort In the preltlot county la
' California. Trout flsalng— finest in tha Stat»—
Ecove! Creek. 15 miles tor casting. Huntln«—
nlenty of fin* in ¦urronndtng mountain*—
irrouie. quatl. deer and bear. EDSOM BROS..
Proprietors. Beawlcl*. SUklyou County. Cal.
LAUREL DELL LAKE.
The most attractive place In Lake. County
pptnd your vacation. Boating, bathing. bdW
In* tennl». Urery. ntw walk*, etc. Writ* for
circular to H. WAMBOLD.
Lonrel Pen. Lake County. Cal.
KAHLZR'S naw summer resort, Caaadefo, Cal.
— Home cooktne. excellent flihlnr and hunt-
ing; centra! mdae.. cboica llquari, dean;
, popular prices. — — — —
SUPERFLUOUS HAIR
And all other facial blemishes are removed by
P I L. and , M £ S - A - W - TRAVERSE. Donoho*
bulldlnff. 1170 Market st... cor. Taylor, rooms
18-29. with the electric needle without pain or
K-ar. Permanency guaranteed : hours 1 to 4 d. m.
The greatest ekln food and tissue builder.
BRAHMAN TOILET CREAM
rt e ?.x%,^.nt% b 8 ;tr klng th * >kln flra -
smooth, clear, white and f"* — ** Z- •**^
youthful. It Is a liquid. to&SvTfc"-
Any cr^am of the con- /^S^>&i*^\
*lst»ncv of butter will -5&**i«®J ;; e£i*
ctiraulata the growth of J3XBP*WrsSS*
hair on '.the face. Brah- TluW MJ'uZfi
man Toilet- Cream Is «£V T T2&S
euaranteed not to do no. WWV ¦/rf^'p
Prica 50c Brahman Tooth XSriL <5S»B*
Powder 50c All drunglets
*&«?£ M°. f D A -LaTv. Haa^Bffia
Paints the Blushes ~ r^^^J^*^"
of Perfect HeeUth A *%32 ffjrf
by a Magical, yet common sense trans- •'' J*sk. ¦")
formation. Anita Cream Is neither /^L^^Ff \JM)[\WJ ><,
paint, powder or bleach, but Is a medi- \J\jj\/r"J^y^jf .j^^^^^^^/^y
dnal preparation which cures discolor* %=& [I ~ sir y^^^^^^j •**
ations by removing thfln In the only \L-^^ t^f )^sf)
thcrocghly satisfactory manner known it-**^ ' N —^
to science. It actually removes the outer, discolored cuticle In small- dust-like
particles and causes a new, transparent skin to appear. The treatment fs neither
dtsf:zurlne cr inconvenient. It is a sure cure for Tan, Freckles, Moth and Liver
Patches, Muddiness and all skin disco lorstlons. ¦ r
FREE SAMPLE K y«B eawrt obuJa AsJta Crwa of y*u tfrcjrein, und We to ci for 1 t«n
¦ ¦¦ ¦ »Ue4 iu. Full p»rUeo1»n «b4 Instructions together with • liberal sarnie •
w'.U toe r-*!l»4 t« asy adsnss for a if (Urn*. ¦ . . •
AttiT* CbsaM e* Torurr Co. 807 Franklin 3V. Lw Angeiw, Cal.SUTTER'S FORT, A NOTED LANDMARK OF AMERICAN CIVILIZATION ON THE PACIFIC COAST.
MISS GJtACTE FERN.
JOHN P. PLOVER.
MB. AND MRS. LOUIS S. PROBST.
now In- the electrical department of the
Southern Pacific Company. -.;-/•. n . -.:¦<,
At the meeting of San Francisco Coun
cil No. 14 of the Order- of Americus last
Tuesday night two strangers. were admit
ted by initiation and four applications
were presented. The council has arranged
for a trolley ride for members and friends
on the Hay wards- electric line on the 16th
inst. There, will be music, dancing -and
lunch. "^ggaBBB
Order of Americus.
Bohemian Clrc'e at its last held meeting
received one application. This circle will
give a party on the night of the 27th inst.
Mazzini Circle was visited last Monday
night by the board of: deputies, and the
evening proved an enjoyable one.
Last Thursday night Franklin Circle
was visited by the supreme chief compan
ion and the board of deputies.
Washington Circle initiated three candi
dates last Tuesday night.
Companions of the Forest.
HORSE-TRAINER CAREY
THROWN AND INJURED
OAKLAND. Sept. 8.— Edward Carey,
the Emeryville horseman, who on Thurs
day afternoon rescued Liveryman II. J.
Jones from burning to death, was thrown
from the race hor«e Mainstay this morn
ing and severely injured Internally.
Carey was exercising a horse on the
tiack. when the animal, which Is known
to be vicious, pot beyond his control and
th'tw him. The injured man was rc
zneve** to his home <jn Holden street, lla
is not thought to be fatally Injured.
R. A. Darrue to Address Socialists.
OAKLAND. S<»pt. 8.— R. A. Dague. can
didate of the Socialistic Democratic party
for Congress in the Third District, will ad
dress Oakland Socialists in Becker's Hall,
MS Washington street, this evening at 8
o'clock. His topic will be "Why Working
xntn Bnould Be Socialists."
Last Wednesday night the members of
Ivy Lodge of Oakland paid a fraternal
visit to Forget Me Not Lodge of this city
in its hall in the Red Men r s building on
Post street.
A great deal pf fraternity was manifest
ed by the many visitors, who had much
to say by way of encouraging the young
lodge. There were addresses by Mrs.
Mary J. Stewart, P. S. C. of H.: Mrs. Ev
elyn Mahon, P. G. C. of II.: Miss Loret
ta Donnelly. G. R.; Miss Maggie Ohea, G.
T.; Mrs. Ella Van Court, chief of honor
of Golden Dawn Lodge: Grand Maat-?r
Snook. Deputy Grand Master -Danforth
and Past Grand Master Workman Barnes,
after which there was a programme of
music, recitations, a whistling solo by
Mrs C. T. Spencer and a collation in the
banquet hall of«the Red Men's building,
where the. lodge has taken up Its head
quarters. '
Silver Spray Lodge held an open meet
ing last week In its hall. It was attended
by a large number of people, who were
entertained with a literary and . musical
programme,' dancing and short addresses
by Mrs. Mary J. Stewart, past supreme
chief of honor, and AV. II. Barnes of the
advisory board.
Degree of Honor.
OAKLAND. Sept. 8.— The strike In the
rcliing mills of the Judson Iron Works.
•which began Thursday night, is already
*ncefi. This afternoon the proprietors
egreed to continue the Kale of wages
¦which have been in force for the last six
irenths instead of enforcing the 10 per
e*r.t cut. notice of which was the causi
of the walkout. The men state that no
«firiEr.(3 will be made for an increase In
wacen and that they will resume work on
Tuesday morning.
THE STRIKE AT THE
JUDSON WORKS ENDED
The bride's home has been with her
mother and some unmarried relatives at
1424 Adeline street. During her employ
ment with the telephone company she was
accounted one of the best operators in the
service A host of congratulatory mes
sages were sent to the young people as
soon as the time of the approaching nup
tials was made known.
The groom was for several years In the
employ of the telephone company, but la
Rev. William H. Scudder. pastorof Mar
ket-strtet Congregational Church, was the
officiating clergyman.
The wedding this evening v/as a quiet
family affair at the pretty cottage. 1515
Eighth avenue, which the proud young
husband had built and furnished for his
•bride's future horn?. Everything was of
a simple character. The 5-ouns folks did
not want much fuss and furbelow, so they
did not invite any one but" the relatives
of the two families.
OAKLAND. Sept. 8.— Dan Cupid has
made another hit in the Oakland
telephone bureau. To-night Miss
Emma H. Gooch. the last of three
sisters who have been won from the local
switchboard, forsook the "hello" office
and became the bride of Otto F. Schmidt.
It was a case of love among the jingle
jangle of the telephone bells, for the
groom met his fate and his bride while
both were in the company's employ.
WEDDING BELLS TAKE
"HELLO" BELLS' PLACE
Last Tuesday evening Pocahontas Coun
cil adopted twelve strangers and received
four applications. Following the work of
the evening there was a collation served
to the members and visitors.
Great Sachem Brandon and Great Chief
of Records Bliss, will officially visit Co
tropah Tribe and Leota Council in Los An
geles on the 14th inst.: they will be with
Conhuilla Tribe st San Bernardino on the
13th. and with Hiawatha Tribe In River
side on the 17th. ¦¦. .
On Wednesday night Manzanita Tribe
receiv»d a number of applications and on
the night of the 26th inst. a class of ten
palefaces will be adopted. The same night
Bald Eagle Tribe adopted two palefaces
In the -presence of a large number of vi.s
itors.\ I7nder good of the order, Henry A.
Chase. P. G. S.. in behalf of Sachem Leon
N. Encmark, presented the tribe a beau
tiful American flag.
Montfzum.i Tribe , was addressed last
Tuesday night by J. H. Hutaff. D. D. G.
S.. and J. A. Ellert on the subject of the
parade, and a great deal of interest was
aroused.
On the 3!st of last month Pawnee Tribo
of Alameda adopted three palefaces and
the same night Pocahontas Tribe adopted
ten. '
Last Monday night Berkeley Tribe
adopted nine palefaces, the adoption, as
well as the warrior's degree, being con
ferred by a team from Bald Eagle's Tribe,
one of the crack teams of the reserva
tion. Among the visitors were Past Great
Sachem Henry A. Chase. District Deputy
Oreat Sachem' Thomas Roche. George' N.
Farren and F. W. Kewell. The work of
the evening was followed by a feast of
corn and venison.
Imporved Order of Red Men.
OAKLAND. Sept. S.— The old Columbus
Hotel, situated on the main street of MI&
•slnri San Jose, was burned to the ground
at midnight Sunday. The building was
formerly occupied by ex-Public Adminis
trator James Stanley of Alameda County.
The cause of the fire is unknown, but
is generally attributed to tramps. The
piace had been unoccupied for some time.
The loss was about $4000: insurance fcMOO.
LANDMARK BURNED
AT MISSION SAN JOSE
It required several hours' work by a
wrecking crew to get the engine and car
back on to the rails.
Two brakemen who were riding on the
cowcatcher jumped and escaped unin
jured.
OAKLAND. Sept. 8.— Traffic on the
Webster-street broad gauge line was de
layed five hours to-day by the derailing
of a switch engine and box car at the Ala
meda mole. The engine jumped the track
and bumped over the ties for some dis
tance, dragging the box car after It. The
locomotive was mpving slowly at the time
and Engineer Edward Hoyt had little dif
ficulty In bringing it to a standstill.
TRAFFIC DELAYED BY
DERAILED LOCOMOTIVE
Two years ago Mr. Maxwell retlrad
from active business and was succeeded
by his son. John P. Maxwell. For sev
eral months he had been In ill health.
The deceased merchant was born In
Pennsylvania tlfty-eight years ago. H*»
was a member of Enterprise Lodge. I. O
O. F. The funeral will take place from
the familv residence on Tuesday after
noon at 2 o'clock. Deceased leaves a
wife. Mrs. Mary A. Maxwell, and four
children— John P.. Edna il.. Mary E. and
Lncy C. Maxwell.
OAKLAND, Sept. 8.-C. L. Maxwell, for
fifteen years a prominent hardware mer
chant of Oakland, died at 8 o'clock this
evening at his residence, 12C5 Fourth ave
nue.
C. L MAXWELL HARDWARE
MERCHANT, PASSES AWAY
OAKLAND, SeDt. 8.— Beneath the
spreading branches of a noble, old
oak tree last Sunday at noon. Miss
Louise G. Murphy and Louis S.
Probst were united in marriage. The scene
of the wedding was the country villa of
the bride's parents, Mr. and Mrs. M. Mur
pliy in Redwood Canyon. »
From the hujre oak was suspended a
large floral wedding bell, beneath which
tho bridal party stood. The party
marched from the house to the strains of
Beethoven's wedding march, played by
Miss Edith Probst. The bride was escort
(d by her father. Her six little nieces
followed, bearing garlands of roses. They
The bride's costume was of white or
gandie, demi-traln. She carried orange
blossoms. The bridesmaid wore white or
gandie over lavender.
Mr. and Mrs. Probst loft for" a short trip
to Southern California immediately after
the wedding. On their return they will
make their home in Alameda.
After the ceremony a wedding break
fast w.is served. The residence v/as prct
tllv decorated with evergreens, ferns and
clematis. The halls were arched with
laurel branches.
were Bessie Mucphy, Flossie Thayer, Alice
Murphy, Helen Hayes, Louise Young,
R?hsanna Murphy. The bridesmaid was
Miss Mayme Thayer of San Francisco.
The groom was attended by his brother,
Ernest Probst.
crgani7ed with Louis Ryan as captain and
,Arza Porter as manager. The team is
practicing daily to prepare for contests
with other college teams.* The track men
have begun regular practice in anticipa
tion of a Held day to be held in the latter
part of October. New handball alleys
have been erected on the college grounds
The officers of St. Mary's Athletic As
sociation are: President. John P. Plover;
vice president, James P. Towey: secre
tary. John P. Callaghan: treasurer. Wal
ter R. Jones; track captain, John T.
Quarles.
Golden West Council has lost an active
member by the removal to Minneapolis of
Past Regent Carlson.
A new council will be instituted in San
Jose this week by Dr. Lelande, Grand
Regent Spencer and members of Sail
Francisco councils.
The Royal Arcanum Sick "BeneiU Asso
ciation was organized in this city last
Monday night with a large list of active
members, including a number of tha
prominent officials of the councils of this
city and those of Oakland. This is on tha
line of similar organizations connected
with other jurisdictions of the order ant!
the promoters are of the opnion that it
will add to the prosperity of the order
In this jurisdiction. The membership Is
limited to members of the order. The as
sociation Is officered by J. B. Whitney,
president: T. G. Hodgkins. vice president;
F.^Head, secretary, and_E. Hoeber, treas
urer. T. Banks. A. Sohmers. A. II. Nevill.
A. McFarlane. E. Duden, C. M. Seeburt.
Gus Gunzendorfer and L. A. Spencer, di
rectors. Messrs. Hodgklns. Banka. New
man. Whitney and Sohmers were most
prominent in effecting the organization.
The local councils are all. at this time,
doing well in the matter of adding to the
membership.
M. S. de Roco Is. with the assistancn
of other members, working hard to secure
a large number of names to a petition
for a new council in this city.
Royal Arcanum.
The Census Bureau at Washington has
Sjmounced th« population of Oakland as
6*,S€Q, as against 4S,€S2 for 1830. an increase
cJ 1S.TS in ten years, or 37.55 per cent. The
population. In 1870 was 10.500. In 18S0 It was
84,555. Th« percentage of increase for the
dec&fie of 1S30 was 40.SS per cent. The fig
urea for 1200 show, therefore, a slight de
cr«aee In the proportionate #aln of popu
lation.
The population by city wards for this
ceaeus Is as follows: First Ward. 726o:
Second TVard. 9722; Third Ward. 90G0;
Fourth Ward. 93C9: Fifth Ward. 7SC6: Sixth
"Ward, 11.661; Seventh Ward. 11.417.
While the total Is a trifle disappointing
to the citizens of Oakland, the increase in
population i? substantial and maintains a
ffood ratio by comparison with returns
from other cities. The expectation of a
70,000 or more total was based upon the
estimated pop>:'.aiion of the recently an
nexed territory. It is manifest from the
figures herewith that the exodus of popu
lation 6hortly after the railroad strike had
a. material effect upon the gain. Ten years
ero the Southern Pacific Company was
employing a very large force, and that has
been materially depleted during the last
jjve ycars.
There has been a. large isrrowth in sub
urban population, but In districts outside
of the Incorporated limits of the city.
While the gain benefits Oakland commer
cially it has rot resulted in swelling the
population of the city.
The figures of 1900 blast the hopes of the
postoffice employes, who had been look
ing for such an increase as would put
Oakland In the first class and give them
m.n increase in pay. As the minimum first
class figure is 75.000. the Postofflce Depart
raent -will continue to run on its present
eeale lor some time.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway. Sept. 8.
Figures of the Census
Bureau Show a Total of
66,960 People.
OAKLAND SHOWS
A STEADY GAIN
IN POPULATION
There will be an inqitest sit Irvington
next Wednesday evening. Mrs. Rix left
a husband and four children. The family
had resided for many years at Irvington.
The fact also that Mrs. Rix had been
under treatment of Christian Scientists
was deemed of importance by the doctor
and a report was made to Deputy Coro
ner J. J. Mottel, who notified the Coroner
at once. .
After death came the physician was re
quested to sign a certificate Riving cause
of death so the body could be given in
terment without official interference. Un
der the circumstances the doctor posi
tively refused to act, the law requiring
that a doctor to be competent to sign a
death certificate must have been in at
tendance at least twenty-four hours be
fore the death of the patient.
I Mrs. Rix died at 3 o'clock this morn-
Ing. A few hours before her demise Dr.
Welles of Ir\;instoti was summoned, but
as the, patient was then dying the phy
sician was helpless and could only render
the last aid to the dying patient.
Coroner llehrmann has been called to
investigate the circumstances surround
ing the death to-day of Mrs. A. L. Rix,
an old resident of Irvington, who has
been In the hands of Christian Scientists
for several days under treatment, pre
sumably for pneumonia.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
111S Broadway. Sept. 8.
Coroner Orders Inquiry in
Christian Science Treat
ment Case.
DOCTOR REFUSES
TO CERTIFY TO
CAUSE OF DEATH
WEDDED BENEATH THE
BRANCHES OF AN OAK
ST. MARY'S COLLEGE
ATHLETES IN LINE
OAKLAND, Sept. 8.— The students of
St. Mary's College have commenced
the fall athletic season with In
creased numbers and much en
thusiasm. Material for the various teams
is plentifuL The baseball player3 have
San Francisco Aerie No. 5 at Its last
held meeting initiated fourteen strangers
and there were on the desk of Secretary
Pohlmann twenty-three applications to be
acted upon at the subsequent meeting. W.
C Reeii of this aerie has gone to Honolulu
to lay the foundation for an aerie in that
city.
Golden Aerie No. 61 has appointed a
committee to meet with a like comrnlttew
from San Francisco Aerie to devise -ways
and means to receive the grand aeries that
Is to meet in this city in 1901.
Vallejo Aerie No. 71 has an enthusiastic
eagle In Past President "W. H. Griaslm.
He was the principal promoter of the
proposition for a home for that aer1«».
v.hich was occupied for the first time last
Watsonville Aerie will Initiate six can
didates at its next meeting.
A large delegation left this city last
night for Stockton to assist at the insti
tution of a new aerl« in that city.
Denver Aerie of Colorado recently se
cured 300 seats In the Taber Opera-hous*
to entertain Its friends and members oa
Eagles night.
Fraternal Eagles.
The officials of the day were:^ F. TV.
Koch judce: Herbert Cheek and George
Elliott, timers; Hart "Wilcox, starter; W.
A. Powell, measurer.
Two-mile run— Westdahl. senior, first; Button,
middler, second; Shay, senior, third. Time,
SSfllyard run— Smillf. senior, first: dough,
mtacUer. second; Norton, senior, third. Time,
"Fifty-yard hurdle-Schilling, senior, first;
Lucas' middler. secend; Burpee, junior, third.
Time, 7 2-3 seconds'.
100-yard dash— La Valllere. Junior, first: W1I
cox, middler, second; Ualt, junior, third. Time.
lo 4-5 seconds.
440-yard dash-Iip. Valliere, junior, first;
Stnllie, senior, second; Howard, senior, third.
Time. £5 seconds. ,, •_
220-yard dash— Wilcox. middler. first: Hughes,
junior, second; Jordan, middler. third. Time,
L'3»i seconds. ¦ _
2^0- yard hurdle— Lucas, senior, first; Burpee,
junior, second; Norton, senior, third. Time,
30 3-."i seconds. •*
Mile run— Westdahl. senior. first: Clcush.
middler, second; Shay, senior, third. Time.
° Pole vault- Won by Burpee, junior, height,
t> feet 1 Inch: Miranda, middler, second; Schil
linsr. senior, third. . , *.*
Ht**h Jump — Won by Zamlock. junior, helsrht
4 feet 10 inches; Baldwin, junior, second ; Lo
gan, middler, third.
Droad jump— Won by Metcalf. senior, dis
tance 13 feet 9'/2 inches: Schilling, senior, sec
ond: Miranda, middler. third.
Shotput — Won by Connors, junior, distance.
?r t feet 7 1 * Inches: Metcalf. senior, second; Wil
liams, junior, third.
Fifty-yard dash— Won l>y Gait. Jum.-r:
Miranda, middler. second; Bixby. senior, third.
BERKELEY. Sept. $.— A lively field day
was held this afternoon on the university
cinder path between the classes of the
Oakland High School. Robert Westdahl.
a member of the senior class, established
a new record in amateur athletics, mak
ing two miles in 10 minutes 55 seconds.
Westdahl made a remarkable run. beat;
ing both of his opponents by more than a
lap. Less than two hours after the race
he won the mile run in 5:26. He finished
in fine form in both races. Westdahl i:j a
small boy. but well built and full of nerve
and grit.
The classes scored as follows: Seniors,
4G: middlers. 31: juniors. 40.
The events of the day and the results
were as follows:
Robert Westdahl Makes a
Remarkable Record in
T we- Mile Run.
HIGH SCHOOL
ATHLETES ON
CINDER PATH
was spent. There were introductory re
marks, by M. Fanning, vocal selections by
Mrs. Clark, a miniature boxing contest by
Sordon brothers, two Httle ones; special
ties by the Bennett sisters, vocal duet by
the Farmer brothers, a short address by
Mrs. Jennie Clark and then a donkey
game and dancing. Previous to the enter
tainment four candidates were initiated —
M. S. de Roco. F. C. Russell. M. C. War
ren and L. C. Polk.
ANOTHER Chicago girl has come to
the Golden West— not to seek her
fortune, but to make it. Miss
Grace Fern is one of the latest ar
rivals to claim marked attention as s.
reader and Impersonator. At an enter
tainment Friday evening, under the aus
pices of the Native Sons of Vermont, Miss
Fern made her rirst public appearance in
this city.
. Miss Fern Is original and has great ver
satility. She has good stage presence and
a pleasing voice, with a vital quality that
holds attention and gives her words a
true ring.
A monologue was well handled by Miss
Fern and later came a one-act comedy by
Brander Mathews, entitled. "Nothing Suc
ceeds Like Success." Miss Fern and
George Hammersmith of Berkeley were
tho two characters in this little play,
which was well received.
SACRAMENTO. Sept. 8.— Out on the
eastern limits of the city of Sacra
mento, the capital of the State,
there stood a few years ago the
veather-bea?*>n and crumbling ruins of
the most noted landmark of American civ
ilization on the Pacific Coast— the old Sut
ter Fort. But. thanks to the Pioneers of
Sacramento, the Order of Native Sons of
the Golden West and the liberality of the
Legislature, those old ruins have under
gone a wonderful transformation. In their
Ftead now rise the walls of a complete
fort— a perfect reproduction of the one
that General Sutter erected on that spot
5"ear» before sold was discovered In Cali
fornia.
Putter's Fort is an object of deep inter
est to every man, woman or child that
crossed the plains In the early days pre
ceding cr immediately following the gold
discovery. For them it posse^?es a rever
ence and a charm that will go with them
to their grave?, and for coming genera
tions Jt -will possess a deep interest so long
rs or.e adobe brirk remains to mark the
birthplace of American civilization in Cali
fornia. About this interesting pile of ma-
Fonrj- — which stands to-day as did the
•¦¦rigir.aJ fort, with the Fame ancient can
non guarding the entrance to the main
f-tructure— there is a halo of glory, es
pecially apparent to the fast disappearing
liand of argonauts, that all the fast
rrowding events of this energetic, money
p»-tting and history making generation
• ar.net dispel.
"gutter's Fort!" -was the watchword
hf-ard all along the line of emigrant trains
That crossed the plains in IMS from the
Missouri River to the Then silvery waters
of the Sacramento. Thousands of men
iire living to-day in this State who owe
to General John A. Sutter. its founder,
rhpir very existence. When people were
dying of "hunger and hardships out along
the desert roads that stretched away to
ward t!i»> rising sun. it was there, in the
memorable fall r.f 1S4\ that relkf train*
were organized and sent to their rescue
with provisions and medicines. No person
John A. Sutter came to California In 1S3S
cr 1S3?. and about 1S41 became a citizen of
the republic of Mexico. Juan B. Alvarado,
the then Mexican Governor, whose head
quarters were at Monterey, gave Sutter a
grant of eleven leagues of land, wherever
lie might choose to select it. Having made
his selection, he set about erecting build
ings after tho Mexican or old Spanish
style, which might not only serve as a
comfortable- home, but afford protection
from hostile Indians.
Most of the wcirk around the fort in 1S46
was done by cither tame or wild Indians.
The tame Indiana were those who had
been caught while young by Sutter when
he first came to California. By clothing
and treating them kindly lie had brought
them into submission and taught them t f >
do various kinds of useful work. He hard
twenty or thirty of these tame Indians
organized into a military company, which
•was the garrison of tho fort. The cap
tain drilled them regularly and taught
them to mount guard and keep watch.
During the night, at every hour, the voice
of the Indian watchman could he heard
calling, "All's weH:"
These tame Indian* soon learned to de
spise the naked, filthy savages from
whom they were descended. They would
deny their race and were insulted if they
¦were called Indians'. Recognizing the su
periority of the Spanish and Mexicans,
they soon picked up Spanish and Mexican
words, and thus a few of them learned to
speak Spanish with some fluency. Be
sides their military duties the tame In
dians made themselves quite useful In
performing menial duties around the fort.
It hhs one of Sutter's employes. James
Sutter's Fort was the nucleus of the
present capital of the State. Its far-see
ing founder selected its site as the most
available in all the broad valley of the
Sacramento for the establishment of a
civilization that must, in the natural
course of events, reach the lovely shores
of the Pacific. After gold was discovered
it became the central point for the distri
bution of supplies throughout the mines,
and thus gave Sacramento its first impulse
as a business center.
has ever attempted to write a history or
sketch of California without a recital of
the circumstances which led to the erec
tion of Sutter's Fort and the part it
played In the subsequent development and
settlement of the State.
The Native Pons of 'he Golden Wf>«t,
into whose keeping the Sfnte has Intrusted
the propertv. are now endeavorine to hav»
the city of Sa^rament^ purchase tho block
of land fronting on the f^rt and have it
transformed into a beautiful park.
From that time on the once-famous
Putter Fort had little attention paid to it.
At one lime it was occupied as a chicken
ranch. Many years ngo the property was
purchased bv the Assoeiation of Pioneers
and the walls of the fort repaired some
what, in the hope of preserving the old
linrtmaHt of civilization on the Pacific
Slope. Even then it was an Interesting ob
leot from its association with the past.
but in Its rehabilitated condition it is
even more so, and manv a pioneer has
traveled hundreds of miles to gaze on the
old fort, inspect the rare old reUe<? of the
days o'f forty-r)In<* that are stored within
its walls and to dream again of the oa^t.
with all its vivid reminiscences of thrlll
ine scenes.
The rush of immigrants hitherto soon
changed the condition of things about the
fort. Stores of various kinds sprang up.
and for a time it seemed as if the old fort
was to become the center of a commercial
oity. But ships soon began to come up
tho river with merchandise from Eastern
ports and the present city of Sacramento
was laid out on the river bank. Then the
storekeeoers nt Slitter's Fort closed their
plae©*»<if business and came into the. new
and growing city, and within a short time
the old fort was abandoned, its founder
becoming an active and prominent flcrure
in bu.-iness circle for a time and then
removing to the Kast.
Marshall, who found in the American
River the bit of gold which threw the
whole civilized world into a fever of ex
citement and precipitated the settlement
of California by the whites— a result
which would, however, have been only
a question of time. Marshall rode through
the rain one stormy night in March. IMS,
from Coloma to Sinter's Fort with his
piece of yellow metal and could not go to
rest until he had aroused Sutter. The lat
ter made a chemical test of the metal and
pronounced It gold. Marshall rode back
through the woods in all haste through a
torrent of rain and hurricane of wind to
spread the news among his fellow-work
men, and from that moment the excite
ment spread until it reached the farthest
limits of the two continents.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
The Breed representatives maintain
that the County Committee has been
legally organized and that the nine mem
bers who did not join in the organization
are welcome to take their seats at any
time and be recognized, provided the rule
adopted declaring vacancies by absente-3
from four consecutive metlngs Is not vio
lated.
Commit teeman Mock, -who Is opposed tr»
the Breed wing, said: "If there can be a
harmonizing of conflicting elements In
the County Committee the State Central
Committee will do all In its power In an
advisory way to accomplish, that end.
But it seems to me that the only way this
can be accomplished is by reorganization
of the entire committee on a fair baste."
"Why do they hold these meetings In
the evening?" he said. "They know that
members from the country will not coma
down here to Oakland and stay all night
for a mere committee meeting. I
haven't any Idea what the members who
have not joined in the Breed organization
will do. To-day's meeting was called be
cause the State Central Committee de
sired it.'-
The Breed forces which have organized
were not In evidence at Jud i Quinn*
courtroom this afternoon at the hour
mentioned In the call. They recognize
no call but their own. under -which, fbrit
half of the committee formed an'" elect
ed a chairman and secretary and adopted
rules. The Lanktree nine refuse to rec
ognize the Breed committee aa leg-ally or
ganized and their Intention to-day wa*
to determine upon some line, of action. A*
matters stand on the surface it is nine
to nine, but the rumor is persistent that
a member from the Forty-sixth District
has pone into the Breed camp. Whether
that be true will remain for the future to
determine. The Breed men have called a
meeting for Tuesday evening.
Committeeman J. H. TV. Rlley said that
call -was unfair.
Upon a request from the Republican
State Central Committee the meeting
called by the Lanktree half of the County
Committee was abandoned to-day. Com
mitteeman T. F. Mock ol the Forty-ninth
District arrived from San Francisco with
ihe message from the State Committee
«nd those who had assembled decided v.»
heed the request. It was tased upon the
ground that the meeting would interfere
with efforts which will be made to har
monize the antagonistic interests.
Oakland Office Ean Francisco Call,
111S Broadway. Sept. 8.
Meeting Abandoned and Efforts Will
Be Made to Adjust Disturbances
in County Republican
Politics. »'
Lanktree Forces Yield to a
Request From the Party
Leaders.
STATE CENTRAL
COMMITTEE IS
AFTER HARMONY
vancement they should be laboring:.
"We ourselves must respect the women
of our race if we would have others re
spect them," said the Bishop. "A race
never rises in morality above the level of
its women. It is the duty of every one
of us to keep that level high, and cursed
be the man who would lower it, however
little."
A petition, signed by several members
of the Bethel A. M. K. Church, asking
that Rev. XV. B. Anderson be transferred
from Sacramento, is now in the hands
of Bishop Arnett. The signers claim that
his return to that place would be the sig
nal for the disruption of the church. The
members of the conference believe that
he will be not returned.
At this morning's session of the confer
ence Dr. E. R. Dille of the First Metho
dist Church delivered an address. The
other speakers were Dr. John Thompson
of the Methodist Bible Society, D. R.
Jones and J. E. Edwards.
The report of the committee on the state
of the church showed that there are fif
teen African Methodist churches in Cali
fornia. In the United States the church
controls forty-five denominational schools
with an average attendance of 3G93, and
property valued at $5S5,000. ¦ -
E. T. C0TTMAN\
J. K. KDWATID3,
P. H. GREEN,
K. "T. HUBUARD.
At the close of the session of the com
mittee Bishop Arnett called the pastors
of the conference together, and taking
the inquiry which had Just been concluded
as a text warned them to act with cir
cumspection and great prudence in the
affairs of life. He admonished them to be
careful that nothing in their doings
should cast any possible reflection on the
fair name of the church for whose ad-
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
111S Broadway. Sept. S.
The charges of immorality filed against,
Rev. Wj B. Anderson of Sacramento were
investigated this morning by the judl
rjary committee of the African Methodist
Episcopal Conference, consisting of John
Pointer, chairman; E. T. Cottman, J. E.
Edwards. P. R. Green and K. T. Collins.
The committee acquitted the pastor of
the charge, but mildly censured him for
Imprudence;
W. J. Thompson, now of Los Angele?.
sent to the' conference an accusation
sworn to before a notary which v.ent into
detail concerning the alleged improprie
ties. This statement was read before the
committee in executive session, after
which the pastor was given a hearing.
He denied emphatically the main portions
of the accusation and presented a letter
of confidence from his congregation. No
other witnesses appeared, and after con
siderable deliberation tlfe following re
port was made: f
To the Hishop and members of the confer
ence: We tlit* committee have investigated the
charges submitted apainst \V. B. Anderson oC
i=aorament<> by one W. J. Thompson, now of
1-os Angelas, and after full consideration wo
find, insufllrlent evidence to convict according
to the charKPs.
We find, however, that Urother Anderson waa
guiltv of imprudence in the matter referred to.
.1. PAINTKH.
Mild Censure for Imprudence Is,
However, Imposed by the Com
mittee of the African
M. E. Conference.
Evidence Against Rev. W. B.
Anderson Insufficient
CHARGE AGAINST
THE PASTOR NOT
SUBSTANTIATED
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAT^L, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 9, 1900.
CHICAGO GIRL MAKES HER
FIRST APPEARANCE HERE
WALLS OF SUTTER FORT
NOW STAND AS OF OLD
MRS. OTTO F. SCHMIDT. NEE
*:¦:>' GOOCH.
35
Wkm$^ "CURED HHVI
M^jgi/ I M MEDIATELY.THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBERS, 1900.
36
SAX FHAXCISCO CALL..
nCSECEKS OmCE of The Fan rvand»<-o
C;.".. irrner of Market end T!.!r<l streets, open
mrtil ll o'clock every n!ght in the year.
lii'ANCH OmCES-6S Mcr.tgoir.ery street,
c rner Ctay; even until S^O p. m.
.' ¦¦ Have- ttrect: open until S:30 p. m.
RJ McAllister rtrert; open until 9.30 p. ra.
OS I--;rkin street; ojren until ?:S0 p. rr..
IMJ Mit*!-r. street ; open until 10 p. m,
ir 1 "! ilarket street, corner Sixteenth; open !
n • I p. rn.
) I Eleventh street; or*n until 9 r- ni.
: (it \'r.]er,c'.a ureet: open ur.tS! S p. m.
SCorUnmS corner Twentysecond and Ken- .
f: ky sTfr-tts; rpc-n until :• p. m. J
<ni acii sehvices.
£T rUI/S <"i:ur<-h. California Et.. near Kill- j
:¦¦ '-• -1. v. \V. J!a»e!i He'liy. rector; Kev. |
\ c Wilson, assistant. HMy communion, j
:-TA a. m Bua '.-¦ » !; « U I:<S •"- «»¦ Morning .
¦¦.. er ana Eermoo. 31 o'clock. EvMilnyl
rravcr 7«' O'duclc The rector will preach ;
at boti serviCM. Hade by s?t. Paul's v.sted .
qtaatet and chcrai ch-Sr.
BT Ll'Kl-'S Episcopal Chuuh. cor. of Van
Nets a*-* :¦¦¦•-'¦ Clay st. Holy communicn. S |
r, eb M tii::i«; prayer. 11 o'clock. Evening 1
FM-vlce 7:45 o'clock, l'.ev. T. J. JIackay, rec-
I r of-- All Salntj church, Cmahu, will 1
; rrsrh t>oth mcmiSC cr.J tv«nlnc
- • ;:i ;;i'l!. cor. Unsfa and <Ioueh Bta.; ¦
rt«-v Frederick IV. CJampett. 1>.I>.. rector—:
J.ttany !¦>:....• . U s. m. Morn Ins service, 11
o'clock. liWnlns jirayer. 4 o'clock. The rec-
• » ; ' !¦-.¦¦ h ' j
CAIA'AKT rJlESBTTKIUAJJ CHUHCII. cor- j
ner rl Grmry sni Powell pts.— llev. John
i:,.,~,],«:i, 1 .. p., ;,aMpr. will j»reach at 11 a. 1
•1. and T ;: p. n. Patriotic e»rvjc«: Ad- i
-- m flay. Subject of evening dlMoortt, !
"ckllf«rnJa'« JXlsetoo-" Patr;-.ti.- praise »er- I
vi-e; i.tttri. --t!«- lnirr« »y Vli" tongrf pstlon. ;
, ; i • Qu by the choir: -TSatti- j
V' ••-. tf i '•• K*putillcr" Bolo. Walter «'cmj'-
: Pr*nrle4 IVar.r.cr." so!o. MiM
Marks; Kipllnjr** Reetsrtoaal Hymn; 1
v\ . ,••! V..ii:-.jc. Christian Endeavcr J
jrertf r.t u:~* p. m. Wednesday evening spi ¦ :
»t f o'clock. Vifitinp N.'it'.ve S..UX nnj ,
ti epei tally invited. j
nnsT ' ¦ "- ¦ ¦ .:; ocAL ci:r;:cH. cor-.
- rr of Jv.«t and Mat-on Ftp. — Itev. i^ire ,
C A-iains. I>. I>.. r» s tor. v.-ili preach at both .
F-t-.icfF. At 1! «- rn.. theme. "The l."i.ity <.r ,
ine Faith, Especially tu California." At •
;¦;;, ¦. ra. n. winj; service In honor of the ;
N«Uv« Row*. Filial nrusic l>y tbe choir, :
PamuH 1> Slayer, orraalst as-.<1 director. Her. 1
IT. Ada ma «";:; rpeak ori "The Iriiitritance ;
or tb« Nat;-.,' Uo.".--.' All aro cordially la- j
• • :. ; j
CENT K A L :JETKCPI£T EPLSOPAL j
CHCE.CH. UlfStoa M.. bet. Rxth end Fev- :
eV.th — Dr. P- D. Hatstnpiller wiil prDB£b at 1
:i o'clock (.n the t";>ic. "The Tragedy of the |
Preiumptlooa," and at 7:45 p. r:. on the t
tryic. "A N >v l> Bool Amid Gr».\t Teir.pta- ;
• ¦ ' Robert L!->d conducts the excellent
muajfe and Itolla V. Watt the Sunday geboot.
FJRST < HVBCHOF CHRIST. Sckntist., Cea- ;
tral block. S3 Sattw «., between K;amy tt. ;
or.l Ornr.t a^-e.— Christian Boltnce Bible le«- !
eon nt 11 a. m.: Bubjeet. "Milttey.** L'unday :
Ecfaooi for ctiUArea r.t tbe *oi;.~ h otir. *.V>>1- .
m-rip.y *\cr.'.r.f{ meet'nc at i ..-clock. Frve '
: nt rot ."1. - J Kearny et.; ma DW.
All are •tlconw. ]
fVn>T r>lV!NK SCIEXCK- CHCBCH. M. K- I
Craroer. pastor. mc^et» at Home <"oll»i-e. C3w) ;
.,:<.-.! rh st.. been em Valencia und Mls-
rton Fta, every Bandar at ll a. ra. Sunday j
Fenool at :<> n. m. Subject of this norslng'i
dlseonrae. -'Th^ AdrniKtijn Day, Scltntlfical- '
Iy Considered." i
APP^CIATH^N HAlXh Mason Ellis rtsu— i
l!nl *i maf* rnKtlng of the <;ty chur?hr« to-
«^ay nt i o'clock. Afldrr«ea by Rev. George
C Adams. 1>. D.. A. I*. DlacJt Emj.. an.l |
j-'a> fttcretary VC. M. 1'arfiws.
7 - : - • ! v :.i>- Knickerbocker Male Quartet.
Public iViVMf.l. j ]
JtrV. THOMAS CIIA1.MKUS EAPTON. P.P.. '
.' W.,, i-.if.p:..n. !>. C. will i.rrach In Frank- ;
Vn-M. I'r.sbyririan Church. Franklin «t.. ¦
rornw of. Val'.ej'.. :: a. tn. T.>;.!<-, -Califor-
rda Golden Jubilee." Admission day dis- ;
coerce, " •'< ;> m. Tojiic, "SajAo, the Sup- |
lirefsi'»a of the Irmoral Drama." Theater- .
tzners are kindly invited to hnar this discourse
I V.a« osus.il *o tnurh Oi*'~itsslon in the-
jj — .-¦ ;-.-s '.!••- All ar. : ¦wcicome. S^b- ;
batb pchoo] at 'J23 r. rn.
- IPHICAL BOCIETT— Public lectures
rv-ry BxmAmr «wrttor at S ..'cliv-k in -">,M F^l- :
less' hiiii^iinc. <~or. Seventh and Market sts. !
T ¦ . • :-i-;i!.' Iy Mrs. Alice M. !
Pert. Odden Chain at U a. rn.
VESTUKGS— — SIADAY.
A— DP.. BIKES' Spiritual Society, K) 7-:ar!:et;
II free: 2- v . 10c; Mrs \V&rrt»an. bestltar, .1.
It. T.i-.ti**. FiMv!. Arnhold: Dr. Blnei will be
at Bas .'¦¦ ti t.^'i .-¦-;-. 14.
xTlJ. LAFSWKI.U. mental sclent* heal»r and
tenchor: -rr.f-eiir.es «-v*-ry <!;iy except Sunday.
;ri n 12 to 3 o'clock: fre« to all; clasres
- ¦ . 14 MrAllister gt., iwa IT.
¦ : • • ¦•- 1 rfeqdsjiln Hail, nr..' McAIUsut:
le!t»;>- ..-l.'. :".i w-r» read, IOC Mrs. Meyer anj
others.
;,-••.'• ;¦ •' Q1TISE, r.-HyJe rt.. hold* elrde to-
r.:t,:r. it 1 r:lrs^at^»-^ from spirit t v ier,t3s.
HUB U HIT EVAKS has returned 16. city: will
r ,v.^ : ..» [riends. C3PU Natoma st. ; no circle.
SIRS. EBEttHABUT— Teat meeting to-night.
:. e 23d :t .. cor. BarUett: rt-aiirgs daily.
SnrC rOt'S.O'8 r- iv;^;r.s te«t circle to-
ttieht. 605 -"¦' .*:.-••; Me; fitting's tfaily.
KATIE HEUSSMAXK Thii« reek fittings. 2S
Jesele; <-in:.- Friday e\enir.g. "jc.
MRfs. VICAR'S tf-»t to-night, 10c. MS Sixth Et.,
r<-.nir. 7: rht'.r.ps <1aliy.
JITEi:TI%<;s rntWnual Ilrotb*rl«ood.
THEOEOPinCAl* Boctctr, US Market *t.— L«>r-
t!ir<> ti'-r.ii-tit. <- l! ; »!nrarnatlon." hy II. H.
Eoraers; CoOdrcn-'a Lotos Group Sunday/ ll
a. rn.. r'. ;m 30; 1. VL L. meetlr.g flrst and
Th r.i Tu»s'.iiy ni>.-ht.
THE E11HCAL INSTITlTi:.
T)*r; Bthteal Ir,>;i:-jTe— IW-njamin Fay llil!."=.
tl.c dletmsulxtMd libcrii! thinker anil orator.
vi;: iei .. •>- ta-nlstat. 1 AT,. at Metr^iolitan
' ¦ • te. Fifth tC< iuhject, "For ihe I^'\e of
(Isllfornla-" l>>v;-<-r fl>or reaerred; gallery
fre* ¦.
nCCTI&'G N'OTXCES.
THE r«! ifnrnia Debris Commission havin? re-
'¦"iv. -•! aodlcationa t>» minfc by the h>'<lrau'.!i:
nrocrxs ;r>..: V.'. \V. Treat ai.d John H.
Tbotnaa. !n U*e Good Ho;» mino. near
Eclipse, Plutnaa Caontr. 11 fleposll tailtncs
in Onion V.'ll'v Creek: from the Hader <»olJ
MlrJri Comtmnv. in the i:ao>r cold mine,
! ar .VarE'.la. Uutte County, to deposit tall-
!¦;¦> 1r. :.;t:!r- Rutte Creek: from thf Halstim
J : V O 'A "!ini:,g C«^ni!iany, in th»» Ljmch-
kur« »i near Virnor. PlaoeT County, to
tfeooatt Tbiiinr'' lo I.onjr Canyon. ar.'J fno'n O.
Jl. Lewis tt a!.. In the Snake tiulch jrravf-1
r.!~!". near Vailitita, '"alavms County, tn
<V;wiF:t taiiinB* in Sr.akr <!ulch. prives notice
that a mw-t!r:»r will h:- h>-M nl ro-rni r,S, Fkwui
l>.j:jri'r, =i « an Francisco. Cal., on September
It. V.<«>, at 1 -.M p. m.
PACIFIC CoaFt Marine Firemen's T'nion m»»ets
at «.« Sircart tt . WEDNESDAY, Beot. 12.
A" mernl>ers cordially Inviir^. Hy order t*(
¦V r.r.1.1,. fe^-retary.
wfMWivs' ani> EA^ ) [lJiiyLC A i. UDI --
J"INT \-lew rf parade from pran^rtan-l cor.
;-ut"r «ni Van N>*s: (••vnFtni'-te'l andfr ai>-
! p -' (itana of Hoard of Public Work?; pri«
veto boxes :-.n<X tliairp *?sit8 reserved nt the
JJton 1 >rusr '"j.. c<ir. ilarket anj X'oucII stb. ;
•Ufro et praiifletand.
RESERVED cha4r teat for tl at firandBtan<l
ror. Vsn X'-^k ave. and Sutter Ft.: don't pay
12 tn rit <¦« a rousrh Itcnch for fc-ur lK-urn.
treats and private boxeBMt rale at Lion iJrus
Co., or. Market and rtiwtll Bta,; mso j.t
the prjind eland. -
liE^rrnVEO seat ror ll : rranii rtanrf oorner
Ven Nr-s.s sir,'! Ellis; don't wait till Monday
to buy y->ur »^cnts. <"ail at stand or
4CS SI"AlliKt'T M. a:;>l .sf:'ure beft «-ats.
THOSE Ideslrlne rr> view the r>ara<Je frr.m the
wiciSor.-s <-f Un:e. OerraalMe's apartmcnt-i
ir.u^t n-e Tier personally. &0G Market «t..
r<>o:« T".
A— CAT-TvTKDOTT. S!ark.>t. lxt. S:h and 4th;
r."-F« r<> >: ; sannommadata 4 irf-rsons. AiV'ly
ISH Markot <ci«ar etorc). near I>:trkln.
tVIVDO\(B and scats lo view the parale «.n
M- r,<*.av; jjrnrd view: m clwtniction. Mc-
IWVKLK ,1('1» llai>:rt st.. near Klxth.
J'fUNIJ-'UEI) rocra—Kf-crny-st. corner; Eaprrh
\l»-w for Rtrcct taeWJ holiday tvccU. Ai> r jly
V.AJ. (1.AHK, '.y> California rt.
FEATF for :>«rr.de; cart wifle Van Nets, bet.
Orov« ard Frlt'-r rt«. ; tickets, tZi Van Ness.
1 C.Vr. <-INNIN'OHAM.
J"..-y podttaa on KrrKet lit. to vieiv parade;
lw y- vlndow>. Apply I Fifth St., room 10.
V.1XDOY.'!* and beats for r*r.t : fine view for
t?:» parad*. I«CS Vsn Noes ave. - • j
VXTtdE iicuh'.e «-ladowa for jiarade. Hotel
!;¦ blnsoB. H4?A Z.ls.r'kft rt.
WIKTk..'.;- to vfaw iiaradp; tplendid view.
Itixjm 2. S02 Montgomery st.'
V.lNlKiWS tu rent for paradel Apply 2 Hayes
1 1 r*ft.
It.M.CO.Ny to vlrw \an&* on Motiiay; eplcn-
<ij4 \lrw. sic van X»"k« eve.
Wixiv.u' ti let for parade. Jiocm 2. 1st floor,
<10 Ke:nr.j- st.
!>AR'JE bayalndow. Apply T17 Market et..
room «.
VATI NESS ave.. 401A— First floor, bay-wln-
<!o»s 10 new carade to let.
WINDOWS A>D SEATS FOR PARADE.
WINDOWS Rnd seat's to view the parade: fln« !
. \1<-tv; on Mark it st. 2 Eddy at., room 1.
WINDOWS to view the parade on Monday;
gran* viev.-. 14:3 Market St., near Tenth.
WINPOWS to view the parade on Monday;
rrnr.d vlorr. 12a Market st., landlady.
RESERVED feats In finest first-floor windows
In city; fine view. Apply J22S Market St., r. 2.
RESERVED F»at^ in bay-window; Hne view.
Arrly 1126 Market st.. room 2. ., ;
SKATS fcr sn'.e for parade; fine view; NE. cnr. 1
1-crkln and Market. Apply 1578 Market tt. \
AGEXTS AV^^TED.
|23 TO Ji9 dally easily mlde by our Live Agents,
men ot women, selling our latest novelty,
campaign waterproof neckties; goods '.-ntlrely
new and patented: agents deliKhteii; Hales un-
limited; what'other* do you can do: write to-
day; secure exclusive territory; guaranteed
Teft filer. Address, with Ftan-.p. M. & M.
MANFQ. CO.. Oej.t. C, Springfield. Mats.
GEXKHAL np-entw in every locality in U. S. to
represent l:-.rp;e concern, appointing agents on
Btrictly Falary basis of $si r>t*r month, with
ail Irarelin* expenses paid. Lfept. 7, 1S70 Park
ave.. Key York.
AOnNTS — rv> you want sor»iethlngr more profit-
able and pr.sier to ?ell than bonks or insur-
ance? Add. F. PERSON, r. 412. Parrott bids;.
AOKN'TS sell our aluminum card cases and
r/rnf. circulars and samples free. Hunker
TrintinK Co.. I>rpt. 21. Kansas City, Mo.
AGENTS— Orv. Koc'cvdt's Works. IB volumes;
ropalsr edltlnns: fast tellers: ap-ents making
'.'.¦¦vn fl(i to ?3P a day: nd.lress for terms and
f\clusiv» terri'or:-. THC LOVELL CO.. &3
Chambers Ft.. New York.
POLICITOHP vranf^: Indies. prn?!rnion: f>-
maio regulator. Sr.0 Phelan building. P. F.
AC KTCTf— rio^d ouVU-s«>llinE- staple »nd Rid?
lines. PALMER. S:S JefTers.-,n st.. Oakland.
ACENTS nf ability .ind experience ( n life Ir.sur-
nnce. CtU at room 101. 91-7 Market, cor. Sixth.
WK hr-Tidie nr-arrrt nov»Itie« for agents. PA-
¦'1FK 1 AOKNTS' Ft T PT*T,Y 'P.. ?4S1 ISth St.
ASPHALTUM ROOFING.
J. PELTIER, asphalt rooflnp. *ldewalkq:ceMar
«. — .-« :*M. r/>r-alre<1: nmrtaL IIM l!i?slrn «t.
ASTHOLfoGV.
APTROI/OOY— Serrano. r»cogr.i7.ed brightest an-
tro!.->fr«-r in America; Fk"tch of life and pro«-
r _-.,-t« : send dnte of birth. s<-x a-.-1 12c. PROF.
serrako, p. o. box o::s, Boston, Mass.
MME. H1CKET. nstro'.CRist: card renil^.g and
psJmlrtTV. Tic', cast. \">ZZ Mission.
ATTORXEVS AT LAW.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee Without surcess; collections, fl. W.
HOWE. Bitty at law. s:s< Market. cor.Stockton.
11. W. KING. Rttorney. £27 M»rUet st.. room 627;
general practice; moderate lees; consult, 'ree.
FRKT3 advice; divorce laws, d.imaces. estates.
collections. J. A. Mitchell. 314 Montgomery.
APV1CK free: no chm-pe unless sueopssful. W.
W. DAVTDSOX, 821 Market tt.. oj>p. Mason.
L. B. CLARK. Hrarai Fpreckels bldg.. 527 Mar-
ket Kt. : consultation tree; ro fees in advance.
CrsTrK. HERMAN' J.. attcrnev. SIT Market
tt:. r. ;;:¦: <ij.f-n eve.. 7-?; cor.sultatlnn free.
IIVTII CABIXETS.
ROBIXSOX *S. 4-panel folding: door opens: firm
• r.d saf.-. W. S. BROWN, en. «srt.. 42S Ellis.
HOARDING FOR CUILUHEX.
V>'OMAN wants child to nurse and board; 115.
<?ii il Ivy ave.
DUSIXESS CUAXCES. •
A— KUKriO * IlI'TTOS, CC Oeary et.
Ilotele. saloons, groceries, restaurants, branch
L-akeries. cljrar stands and ether business-s
too numerous to mention; iarUiershij;s and
Isvestmenta from $!<¦<> up to IM.W*: don't buy
until you have tet-n KKEIj-.) i DL'TTON, SS
LfNO TROUBLE!
An or>i»ortumty; first come. flrFt served; a
rjleri'iid cash bosinecf in healthiest town in
California; gor^l stcck. good prices, good rea-
eo.-.p; no I'lIf'Sition; J7'V> to (IBM cash: investi-
rate. KUKIX) & UUTTON. 26 Geary Et.
|13*— PARTNER wanted: Indoor business; will
lay %C> to }7.'> per rtv»nth to each yearly. Me-
LAUtJULIN' i CO.. 777'a Market st.
JJ.""— MBi'HAKIl.'S' board and lodginc houw;
barirain; ei:kn«-».s cau^e of sale. McLAL'Gll-
Ll.V & «'<».. 777-s Market Ft.
¦ ITOCC— PAHTKEK wanteil in whoierale and re-
•: tail litjuor fstr.re with large outside trade.
MeLAl GHI-1X i CO.. -"%, Market st.
t'M- BUTCHER th^p: Larealn; sickness cause
I of tale. McLAUOHLIN & CO.. 777^ Market.
: JXKi — STATIONERY, candy, notions, papers.
laundry, c^arf, ttc. ; fine location;, large
; stock; fine iriutinpfs; nice rooms; cheap rent.
LANK & CO.. US Market et.
PARTNEH in nice office business: sob^r. steady
man: larjre j'rolits. LANK. 865 Market st.
J7Vi — UAKEKY; all sure trade; receipts |25 a
day each; best u!aer in the city for the
money. LANE & CO., 85.1 Market st.
PAUTNER wonted in an old established hoard-
ing stable; owner »<-!l -known, reliable man;
good value. DONNELLY & CO.. 6Z2 Market.
j:v.O— PARTNETt wanted In livery and board;
1 ing t-Lable; e<x>d value; paytas business.
I«i\'NI:LLT & CO., C32 Market *t.
; Wli have largest li»-t of saloons, hotels, gro-
ceries, cigar store.", del!cate.>-ve!is. etc.. In the
city; before buying call KHWEIKRARD &
f ft., ill Market *t.. between Fifth and Sixth;
j tflpphone Min' lull.
A-41500; PALOON. water front; M? money
R-.Kker: tarpain. COWIVO & CO.. 7:3 Marketi
A-I'ICEOXS. Sf»O. Tor pale. Do you wan: to
'-ngaire In t!ie ver>" profitable business of rais-
ing s-;uahs or p!s>»unn for Pho<iting clubs right
her* in the city? /ny woman can do the
work; rrnt only I* with water. Box 4100. Call.
Dni'i; store; one of tlie best paying businesses
in the cit} ; loading thoroughfare; good stock;
K >M Drices; capital reiiuircl J4W. For j.ar-
| ticulars lox C-10. Call.
Jin.<X)O WANTED tr> enlarge established busi-
ness; monopoly, undpr contract, of etaple
roods; j>"i--iti',n to investor if desired. Ad-
! dress box 3307, Call,
. WANTED— To irVest from $10,f«*> to fiD.nno In
a k-Kitimate businesB. where full Investigation
i« allowed. Address box 3V>3. Call office.
I'AnCIt route. Alameda: Cf:O fiibs^ribers; price
iZK*>; margin J151 monthly. Address T.1S ICast
Fourteenth t-t.. Oakland.
' RESTAURANT for sale; central Incatlon: ac-
. count fiickiHvs. I). FONTAXA. 411 Pacific fit.
Jir.fi— P.IC; r»>st«iir«nt; seat SO peojile; you can
make the enst thi* coming week; rent flj;
; call early. 12 Washinston *t.
¦ WELL (Ktalili'hed grocery and bar: splendid
! «>ash busineh?; 4 living rooms; rent $20; thlck-
| lv settled, quiet neighborhood; reason for sell-
I ing. sickness. 21S',i Eleventh st.
A GOOI» country blacksmith huslneR* for sale;
' owner retirirs: from business. Address box
j tOC Call ofPce.
j $;vjo— PARTNER wanted in oJd-cstabliehe.l
! l)Uf=ine?.»; rnust have a knuwledge of hard-
| •were. Ad<2r»Bi box 4W2. Call otHce.
! FOIt SALE or oxchange— Home restaurant In
j a gfr.tr 'I iieiE'iborhoud. Inquire 713 Poet st.
; TWO No. 1 intent rights (novelties) for sale by
! l<atent«c. Itoom 15. 3CS Patter St.
j i:KTAr:Lls:HE!) bakery & restaurant; will sell
rea-'-onablt-; account slckncf*. 714 Valencia.
! TWO ptr.ros to rent; restaurant with furniture,
I other for barber shop. CdS Kourth Bt,
! FIRST-CLASS fal <<-n and beer agency for sale
in a flourishing cnayt city; low rent and long
1 lfa¥<-; require* nh^ut JIOCO; i>rlnci:)al« only
1 nrr-d sij'ly: reasons for selling', sickness.
Wun-W Drcwlnir Co.. S. F.
1 5*00— CORNER grocery nnd bar, ¦with 4 liviisg
I roon:.;. Jill Howard st., corner Langton. ¦
i I1S0—UOUB l.akery, with fine uortable oven.
I yZSS Mission tt.
l'AIiTNEit \\anted In prlntir«jr buslnefcs; a t;cod
I '- > ' 1 ''^ rt ""'<>•¦ <"2 McAllister Et.
PARTNER wanted ln^~firFt-ola«s Marketer.
pnotosrapb gallery, lady «r gentleman: one
vi the partner* retirins; epiendid opportunity.
Apply to NAGLE « NAUI.l.', Attorneys.
I 410 Km ma SprectoH buildlUK. S27 Mark, t at.
• PARTJCnR wanted in billiard parlor, barber
1 Ehop, Hatlonerr, notion*, confectionery busi-
; iu-».s; thriving country town. Address box
I <v€4. Call of flee.
; j::ro-CO.\l, and feed yard and express busl-
! r.ests; 4 hoists and S wrasana; good building;
living-roums; Ions leate; excellent chance;
! gocd location., K2.Z Kixtofnth et.
COUNTRY merchants trading with Indians can
find a market for Indian bat.kets by addrtss-
1 ir.g the Me>.ican and Indian Curio Co.. tl5
tev/-jjteenth tt.. Denver. CoJo.
TO rent— For fr.al yard, milk depot, etc.: fine
location: place is entirely covered: contains S
Itnllf : rent only |1S; water free. Inquire WM.
HENintlCKSON & CO.. CU Call building.
BALOON for pale; opposite terry. Apply at
111 Kaft ft., north of Market: no agents.
RESTAURANT fcr pale; established 10 years;
will I* sold at sacrifice. 1024 Hyde at.
V^i'jJB'jindj tea routes supplied from GEO.
V . CASWELL & CO.. 412 Sacramento at.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
retelvfd at Call branch office. 2200 FHUmore pt.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
rabterlptloni has beta established at 1096
Valencia «t. ¦ "- -"
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
A— "-ROOM rooming-house; central $1000
11-room house; $300 down, balance easy.. 5C0
20-room house; first class 1050
30-room house; all newly furnished 31X
11-room house. $475: 6-room flat 323
FISHER & CO.. 1032 Market st.
A-SAY. FISHER & CO., have you lodging-
houses? Yes, what price? $300 up, any loca-
tion desired; 12 rooms. $300 : 10 rooms, $4o0; 10
rooms, new. $900, fine; 20 rooms, bargain. $750;
37 rooms, $*000, snap; all sizes, all prices, all
new. bargains; call and see us. 1032 Market.
14 ROOMS; rent $22 $ KG
44 rooms; rent $70 lOf.O
m rooms; clears $75 month 1S00
12 rooms; rent $40 300
SKIFF, 304 Montgomery .at.
OVER 200 houses for sale; price, location, slai
and terms to suit you; call for list. M. GRIF-
FIN. 739 Market »t., room 1, by "Call" bldg.
STOO^FURNISHED flat, north of Market St.;
departure cause of sale. MCLAUGHLIN &
CO.. 777'4 Market gt.
HAVE a grood ranch at Napa to exchange for
a lodging-house. Address, Ranch, Box 19S0,
Call Office. .
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents. The Weekly Call,
H ragea. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
" CARRIAGES AND WAGONS.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
etc.. cheap. EGAN & SON. 2117 Mission st.
' AN A No. 1 express wagon, single, also light
camping wagon, for ra'.e cheap. C32 Mission.
NEW & 3d -hand wagons, buggies, carts & har-
nffs. work & driving horses. *5th & Valencia.
| CAMPAIGN PHOTO IITTTOXS.
! MF'Y of nil kinds of photo buttons and Jewelry;
wholesale and retail; fend for catalogue.
, Miniature PortrRlt Co.. 933 Market. St.. S. F.
i CARPET HEATING AM) CLEANING.
j WHEN you 'become disgusted with poor work
1 Ecr.u to SPAl'LDING'S Pioneer Carpet-Beat-
| ins Works. 3S:-S."7 Trharea st. : tel. South 40.
I J. MCQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co.,
j 4.">3 Stevenson Ft.; tel. So'ith tZV. lowest rates.
! J. K. MITCHELL Carpet-J5?atlng and Reno-
j CITY Steain Carp?t-Beatlnij Wcrks. G. H.
; FTEYKNS. nur.. 2S-40 8th st.: tek South C50.
j CARPETS clesned at 3c per yard, laid at 4<.-.
! STTtATTOyS. 3 KiE'ith St.; tel. JefMe 944.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 .Sutter tt.,
tel. Main 334. GEO. WALCOM, proprietor.
COXKLIN'a Carpet-Beating Works, 333 Golden
Oato ave.: telephone East 326.
CniROPODISTS.
j BUNIONS, ingrown nails', corns, etc. ; nbsolute
I cure - conyu n ice. r. ur.can.
SPIRITUALISM.
I ARRIVED— Mrs. Dr. Karnham. world-renownai
I nilritual medium: advice in all .-iffalrs of life,
lawruits, divorces, draths; unites the separat-
ed; mining a specialty; cirs. Sun.. Wed.. Fri.
eve')<: come and be convinced. (Permanently)
! 513 Eddy, bet. Hyde and Larkin; no sign.
: MRH. HARrtl.SON. medium: circles Tuesday.
Thurs. and Sun. nights, 10c; read daily. S6S
I Mission St.
I WATSON", famous palmist, medium; Fpecial
[ this week: full reading. 2-*>c A nOc. 1SS1 Market.
; 1IHP. SEAL, medium, cures th? tobacco habit;
[ life readings and treatment?, Jaily. 323 Elite*
i WYLLIE. photo medium. 330 Ellis St.; last
¦ week; come early; open Sunday.
¦ MRS. LESTKR— Circle Sun. Tuen.. Krl. eves.,
10c; readings daily; L. 25c. G. S0c. 127 Turk.
' MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, clairvoyant, test, bual-
; ness medium, life reader: Fittings Jl. 1104 Mkt.
: FRIENDSHIP Hall. 333 McAllister— Mrs. C. ' J.
' Meyer, sit. dally; convinc'g tests to-night 10c.
A WEEKS news for 5 cents. The Weekly Call.
16 rage?. In wrapper, for mailing. Jl per year.
CLAIRVOVAVTS.
; ISMAR THE GYPSY
: IKMAR. the Egyptian Gypsy, draws aside the
: uncurtained yeara ahead; happiness and fuc-
1 cess go hand in hanil, yet hundreds fall wherfe
j fuccppr Is possible were it not for a lack of
1 fcreplght into the future. If you are in
: trouble of any kind, discontented, unhappy
J or not natisfled In life, consult ISMAR, for
fhe it. a prophetess of world-wide fame, and
I her name has become a proverb in thousand
I of homes made happy by her aid and advice,
i ISMAR can he consulted dally from 10 a. m.
j to 5 p. m. at her office. 1143 Market St.. op-
posite Sixth. Full life readings by mail, $5.
I MME. LAKGE, the great clairvoyant, tells pa.«t.
! future; never fails; hap the greatest Egyptian
secret; shows picture future husband or wife;
fee 25c and up; satisfaction to everybody : open
fiundayt. 1167 Market st.. bet. 7th and Sth.
! MME. PORTER, woticVrful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil & second sight,
diagnoses disease with life reading: ladies Sue:
gents $1; palm. & clalr. Bit. $1 50. 326 Turk st.
; MMET"liERNARI)^^Ts~Tlfe~fluentlyT advice
j given in all affairs in life; satisfaction guar-
j anteed- 2&B up. 17 Third Bt.. next Examiner.
¦ ISMAR. tne Egyptian gypsy clairvoyant and
; palmist, permanently located 1148 Market, opp.
1 Hth; private readings dally 10 a. m. to 5 p. m.
i MME. HANSON, palmistry, card readjr: past,
j pr?s?r.t. future. 2oc. 14S Sixth st.. rcj'im 14.
¦ NATIVE Sons and Pmighters who want the
j truth; special price, 25c and "iOc. 19 Pnvell.
MATCIIETT holds circle to-night, 8' o'clock;
lfK-: tost alt 132 4th: sittinps daily, r,0c.
' CLAIRVOYANT, test, business medium, card
j render. 25c up. 823 Mission st..nr.4th; no sign.
MR?. MELVILLE, well-known clairvoyant and
water reader, moved to 11 6th; German spoken.
'. MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader nnd
palmistry; truth or no pay; 25c. 1143 Mission.
j MMIi. ZEREDA. Ihe gypsy, 1h the great palnT
i 1st and card reader; 23c. 7 Seventh: no sign.
; MME. LENEMAR-Fortunes by planets; pre"
: dieted overdue stn-.r Gold wreck. 310 Mat<on Et.
MME. SCH AFTER, clairvoyant, card reader
; Kltlinsrs dally. 212^4 Sixth tt.
! MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
! advice; names given; 25c up. 6 Fourth st.
! MME SY HI LLE— Cradle tc »rave; future hus-
| band's picture. 2ic; ladleg. 914 O'Farrell lit
j CHEAPEST and best In America— Tho Weekly
I Call. 16 pages, sent to any audrer.s in the
TTnlted States or Canada one year for $1,
! postnere paid.
COLLECTION OFFICES. '
I GEORGE W. KELLY'S Atreney— No charge un-
less successful. Room 110, 917 Market St.
COTTAGES TO, LET.
i FURNISHED cottage: bath: Tront and~back
j yard; $15. 30 Dearborn, off 17th. nr. Valencia.
GROVE. 720V4-4 large sunny rooms; gas; bath;
j garden; separate yard.
I 3 ROOMS: 340 Kunnyside ave.; $7. THE Mc-
I CARTHY CO.. 646 Market St.
1 "^ " —^™ "^~^" —^ —————— „ —1 ———1 — — — . — _ — — — „_
DOG HOSPITALS.
DR. HUZARD'S Dog Hospital, Post, Flllmore—
I Alvlce and medicine, 75c; city visits, $1 50; all
I animals treated; dogs boarded. Tel. West 63(i.
DR. Creely's C. P. mange cure and worm pills
! by drugglsis or at hospital. 510 Golden Gate av.
DENTISTS.
AT iiTT1eT^&CTR^3^EjH : aT^LINIC,'r(W Mar^
Uet 6t. cor. 4th, rm. 7, l-'lood bldg.. you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
vithout plates our specialty; gold crowns,
$3 CO up: plates, extractions free, $( 30 up; of-
fice hours. 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. ; Sundays. 9 to 2
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON. M. D., Manager.
A— DR. V. CAVALSKY has returned from
the Paris Exposition with seme of the finest
patents for palnles* dentistry, plates, teeth
without a plate, crown and bridge work: all
work warranted; plates, ful! set, %',; filling*,
t0c;f-rpwp, J3 CO. Chicago Dental Parlors, 21 fit h.
EIGHT prizes for b^st crownjr, plates, bridges
nnd fillings: extractions or/Hiings by my won-
derful secret, painless method; 20 years' ex-
perience; no rtudents; advice free; prices
cheapest ami guaranteed; lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell st.
CROWN and bridge work experts; our work Is
unexcelled and our prices are the lowest: call
and see cur samples nnd gcLour prices before
going elsewhere; best of references: examina-
tion free, I>RS. PERKINS & DOVEY. 1019
Market st., bet. Sixth and Seventh; elevator.
TEETH extracted free; plates, |5; crowns, |3 50:
bridgework, $5; all the latest methods for
painless dentistry; hours, 9 a. m. to 9 p. m.
¦ Modern DeniaWarlors, 1206 Market, cor. O. G.
DR. LUDLUM HILl7T«3 Market, nr. Eleventh
—No charge for extracting when plates are
made — old plates made over like new: teeth
from $S per net: extracting. o0c; gas given.
DR. ALBERT HILLi M0 Market, cor. Stockton.
- for a perfect set of teeth and teeth without
plates: lowest prices for (he best work.
LOWEST rriccs In H. F. ; painless extraction.
60c. New York DentUts, MO Mission, cor. Cth.
PARIS Dental Parlor, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush—
Full set of teeth, 14; crowns, $3; fillings, 25c.
VAN VROOM— "Painless" ; evenings and Sun-
days. 1001 Market et., corner Sisth.
SRT of teeth without plate. DR. ll. G.
YOUNG. 1E41 Polk st. .: -
CHEAPEST and best In America- The Weekly
Cail. 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for JL
DRESSMAKERS AXD SEAMSTltESgES
McDOWELL Dressmaking and Millinery
School; patterns cut to order. 1019 Market st.
S. F. Dressmaking, Ladles' Tailoring and Mil-
linery School; French system. 411 Van Ness.
ACCORDION pleating factory: all kinds pleat-
Ing, pinking. 121 Post, over O' Connor&Moff att.
\ EDt'CATl O XAL.
AYRES' Business College, 723 Market St.; llfo
ncholarshlp, $50; Includes shorthand, typing,
bookkeeping, telegraphy; day and evening;
Just added, new business practice offices and
20 new typewriters; catalogue free.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post St., 8. F.—
Practical courses In bookkeeping, shorthand,
typing, languages, telegraphy, English
branches, civil, electrical and mining engi-
neering, etc.; new 80-page catalogue free.
GALLAGHER-MARSH College, Farrott Bldg.—
Shorthand, typing and bookkeeping; Robert F.
Gallagher, expert court reporter, teacher of
shorthand; reportorial phrasing taught; prac-
tical bookkeeping; full course. $50; catalogue.
A NIGHT. School for Men at the Y. M. C. A.
building. Mason and Ellis sts.; registration,
Sept. 10-24; studies elementary and advanced:
great opportunity for young men to sain a
practical business education.
A— THE LYCEUM, on accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and medical
colleges: references. President Jordan or any
Ptnnford professor. Phelan building.
CALIFORNIA Business College Is again en-
larglns quarters. Come up and see us. 303
Larkin st.
BOOKKEEPING, free trial: private lessons; S
irrtis. in college not equal to K wks. with me;
J25. TARR, expert, accnt.. 423 Parrott bldg.
ENGINEERING, civil, elec. mining, mech. sur-
vey. a«say. cyanlo». arch.: day. ev*>. : est. 1S64.
VAN PKIt NAILLEN SCHOOL. 933 Market.
MUNSON Srhool Shorthand. Typing, Bookpg,
Spanish. 137 Mont'y. E. M. Carpenter, prin.
FRENCH ftudents— I or 2 boarded; professor's
quiet family; rof. roo.. Maury, box 4057. Call.
PIANO ar?d German: pupil of Conservatory In
Leipplc; lessons 7&c. 320 Golden Gate ave.
CALirORNIA Business College. 305 Larkln-
All branches: thorough: positions secured.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, prammar. writing,
etc.. day or eve.; $f> mo. 1C24 Mission, nr. 6th.
LE JKl'XE Art and Craft School: modeling,
designing, carving, all branches. 424 Pine st.
EXCHANGE.
FOR trade— Prosperous weekly newspaper In
Oregon, in best mining camp in the West:
value of plant and real estate $.1500: would
trade for orange orchard of equal value In
Pouthern California, Address box 35, Granite,
Oregon. -
EMPLOVHEXT OFFICES.
A— JAPANESE and Chinese employment con-
tractor; estab. over 10 years; all kinds help.
421 Post st.. near Powell: telephone Bush 135.
UNION Japaneee-Chinese emp. office— Best help
furn. : domewtlc serv. 417 Powell: tel. Bush 878.
ORPHEUM Employment Office-Japanese, Chi-
nese help, 426 Powell. nr. Sutter: tel. Black 6072.
JAPANESE and Chinese Employment Office;
best help furn.: tel. John 2121. 806VJ Stockton.
CIT IN ESE and Japanese Employment Office—
Rest ItIp. 4im O'Farrell St.: tel. Ea«t 426.
KM PI.O Y)!K\T -\V A XT K I> F E M A L.K .
A YOUNG woman would like to get some kind
ot store or factory work. Address F. C, box
330C. Call ofUcf^
RESPECTABLE lady, well acquainted with
city, will act as guide to strangers during the.
celebration; terms moderate. Apply 997 Mar-
ket ft., room 1C8.
A DRESSMAKER will repair and reblnd
skirts at her home. 88 Third St.. room 17.
COMPETENT girl wishes second work; city
references; $20. Box 3301. Call offlce.
COMPETENT kind nurse wishes portion as
confinement nurse or Kenera.1 work in a small
family of ndults; good cook; references. Call
E. lv. F.. 713 Golden Gate ave.
A RELIABLE woman wishes any kind of light
work by the day or half day; sleep home.
Address 71SA. Post st.
DRESSMAKER with the best of references; |
tailor suit made to suit the times in the fam-
ily or taken home. 10 Metcalf place, off Geary
et., near Mason.
MIDDLE-AGED woman for light housework;
city or countrj'. 510 Third Et.
GIRL wishes position In restaurant or bakery;
city or country'. Address II. J., 1218 Twenty-
sixth st.. Oakland. 1
YOt'NO woman, fine cc»k, wishes position;
cooking oniy; small family; understands all
kinds of cooking: neat and economical, $35 to
$4'. Box 3309, Call offlce.
GOOD respectable woman (American) needs
work very badly; can do any kind; good
houseeleaner; would go by day; !1 day and
car fare. 12S'i Fourth St., room 9.
GERMAN woman wants to do washing. Iron-
ing and housecleaning by the day. 1651 How-
ard St.
WANTKD-Ry capable and refined middle-aged
American Eastern lady, position as working
housf keeper for elderly couple, or invalid; nc
Ir.ciimbrnru-es: references; city or country. '
Call or address Ahlborn Hotel, Bush st. and I
Crant ave.
EXPERIENCED bookkeeper, stenographer and
typewriter; good penman; ' quick and accu-
rate nt figures; best of references. Box 4036,
Call o.'flce.
WOMAN wishes plnln sewlnff to do at home.
S21 Mi.s-sinn st.. room 1.
WOMAN wishes situation for housework; good
cook ; city r,r country. Call at 1604 Howard.
FIRST-CLASS conk wishes situation tn Ameri-
can family (only), $30 to $35. Call or address
2111 Fillmcre Ft.; no cards.
WANTED— By young lady, position as com-
panion to elderly lady; city or Oakland. Box
4CC3 Call ofnee.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket; 2C0 rooms; 25c to fl BO night; Jl 50 to $5
week; convenient and respectable; free "bus
_^and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1OSS Va-
lencla tt.
KMI'LOYMKXT WANTED — MALE.
SITUATION hy middle-aged man; good educa-
tion, habits and address; no vices: willing to
work at anything honorable with living wage
and hope of advancement; excellent refer-
ences. Address K., box 40Srt, Call offlce.
WANTKI>-ny a young man a steady position
In city, where he can board at home; can
drive team; country reference. Address 435
Bush fit., mom IS.
BLACKSMITH' S helper wishes a position In
__a^ h _ ol li_5i^ n _ d j" ive - Address box 4099. Call.
YOUNG man wishes a position "in ware or
store hou?e; willing to work; can furnish ref-
erenoe. Address box 409S, Call offlce.
BAKER, bread and cakes; baker wants posl-
tlon; day work desired. 313 Leavenworth st.
COOK wants work: a good, careful cook: or
would go as second cook. T. Smith. 318 Minna.
ELDERLY single man wants a steady Job'
house, garden, horse; no soliciting. Box 4094'
Call offlce.
YOUNG man of good experienco wishes work
as barkeeper; E years' experience; age 26
Address O. S.. 6;2',i Natoma et.
JAPANESE young man and wife want a place-
J^JStcan^r' 1 wUe to walt at table "
MAUnl p D man. 24 years of age. wants posl-
tlon of any kind; ran drive light team- city
f&xtffifcfcau oXfic C e UnC BBentS need an ' swcr -
STEADY, reliable men employed during the
jgffiwg C^, n ,?r fl^ tlOn f ° r the a'tern'cons.
I^Vo ST o I f IC £, K °™n gardrner; understands
oaic of horr,»>8, buggies, cows, vegetables
lawn flowers: In private family; very useful
J™^i°™<T encea; clty or couotry ' Box
NIGHT watchman wishes Fltuatlon; best ref
MA^^T^Turk^T 11 *' " d<?Sired ' C ' » A RT-
CLASSIFIED advertisements and Buhscrlptlons
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore it!
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
rubscrlptions has been established at 1036
vplenciit Bt.
O I'TI CIA XfT ~~~
EYES examined free; spectacles properly ad-
.1uMed. N. MnnassA oculist optician. 9m Mkt.
'FINAXC1AL.
AN experienced promoter and stock operator
wanted to handle the sale of stock; state pre-
vlous experience. Box 4907, Call offlce.
IF you have stocks or bonds of any kind for
sale, rail or nddress PACIFIC COAST UN-
nrmvRTTTN-r; rn. po4 Parrott building.
_JFIIII>ITIJIIB FOR SALE. ~~~
McGEE No. 7 top heater: walnut bookcase*-
wardrobe. 23 Lexington ave., near Eighteenth
and Valencia sts.
PIANO. Singer machine, organ, folding bed
range, other furniture. 3279 Mission st.. near
Twenty-ninth.
4 ROOMS furnished In oak for S4S 00. with No. 7
range. Klnir Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
FURXITORE WASTED.
CH AS. LEVY buys your furniture, carpeta.
pianos, etc. 1133 Market St.; tel. Jessie 761.
ALWAYS 'phone John 1041 before selling your
furniture. Standard Furn. Co., 745 Mission.
Auctioneer— L. Vincent, 1305 Larlcln; tel.Polk634;
furniture & furn'd houses bought; spot cash.
$5000 worth of furniture, carpets, etc., wanted.
M. Bilveratein. 1121 Market: tel. Folsom 1105.
ALFRED WOLLPEJTC> 773 Mission St.. pays
highest price for your second-hand furniture.
W. E. CODY (late with J. T. Terry & Co.) ouys
furniture, carpet*. 757 Mission: tel. Red 33a3.
FLATS TO LET.
A— 30 DAYS free; clean 4-room flat; reduced to
$11. 14*4 Howard St.. near Tenth. ¦
A— 15 DAYS free; 6 rooms, porcelain bath: clean
and sunny; reduced to tl*S. 1124 Howard st.
ELEGANT 10-room modern house; sunny ?*£,
etc.: 1124 Guerrero st- DOYLE. PRYAL CO..
479 Valencia st.
IF you want to move set printed list flats to let
from BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Montgomery.
SEVENTEENTH, 433S— Sunny upper* flat, S
rooms and bath; rent $12.
SUNNY, desirable flats; Oak and Laguna sts.;
7. S and 9 rooms; rent reasonable. Ai>pl>
MAD1SOX & BUKKE.
SUNNY corner flat. $25; northwest corner How-
ard and Fourteenth sts.; 7 rooms. Uatn,
clean and modern. _J
2 UPPER flats; 4 rooms; large yard; stables,
wagon sheds. 2 Hayward st.. near Eighth^
$3— SUNNY 3-room flat. 122S Jessie St.. off Her-
mann, near Junction Market and -Valencia.
J10-NEW 2-room flat,. with bath. 6SB Laskle
st.. off Mission, mar Ninth.
HELU WAMTBD^FBMALE.
6 PROTESTANT chambermaids; firet-class city
hotel. MRS. LAMBERT. 418 Powell; steady
employment.
YoTtNG lady to train for nurse; high school
graduate. 16C3 Jackson sU
YOT:^G~glrTTo~assist in light" housework. Ap-
ply 339 Twenty-ninth st.. near Sanchez.
WANTED— Maiden lady as housekeeper tPro-
testant). Address M. C CLETNER, Cal-
pclla, Cal. ¦ j
WANTED— Experienced box makers. Apply j
141 Fremont st.
A GIRL or middle-aged woman to assist In
light housework at 935 Sanchez street, near
Twenty-third.
A LADY of Indomitable enercy possessed of
self-assertion; frocd opportunity to right party.
F. PERSON, room 412 Parrott building.
WANTED— A woman of mature years to take
charge of small offlce. Box 33C8. Call offlce.
OPERATORS on waists and wrappers: also
Klrls to sew on buttons. NEWBAUER BROS..
IS First st.
TAILORESS wanted. 408 Larkln et.
GIRL for general housework; wages $25. Call
2114 Central ave.
MAKERS and trimmers wunted. New York
Millinery. 1Z03 Market st.
RETOUCHER; also- spotter: for photographic
studio; permanent. 514A Jones st.
WANTED— Vest operators and apprentices. 40
Ellis St.. room 41.
GIKL to make herself generally useful: no
cooking; German preferred. 2821 Filbert st.
BIUGHT young girls to learn light trade; paid
while learning. KRAKER. 226 Bush st.
GIRL for light housework and plain cooking.
312 Sanchez Ft., near Sixteenth.
AN experienced stenographer and typewriter,
thoroughly familiar with mercantile business;
answer by mail in handwriting. Manager's
oflice. Emporium.
WANTED— Finishers on ladies' cloakfi. RAT-
NER CLOAK CO., 103 Market^st^
GIRL for general housework. 1201 Treat ave.;
call Monday.
APPRENTICE In a beauty parlor. 6S2 Sutter
street.
WANTED— Girl for the country. Call to-day
(Sunday). 8 to 10 a. m., 708 ShotweM St.
McDOWELL Dressmaking and Millinery School
will fit you for a successful business life;
dressmaking thoroughly taught; artistic de-
.•¦li'iiiiiK a specialty; millinery course unsur-
passed; patterns cut. McDOWELL'S 103J Mkt.
WOOLEN mill help wanted— Bess flnieher and
weavers en blankets; hlijhept wages paid on
the coast: correspondence confidential. Apply
J. AS'. COLLINS. 7 and » Battery St.. city.
PIANISTS — Two to play In exchange for phy-
sical culture lessons. Hoover Hall, 1227 Mrkt.
WE want the very best salesladies for milli-
nery; will pay the very best wages and en-
Kage for the year. 130 Sixth et.
EXPERIENCED waitress wanted. 1007 Market
street.
WANTED— Waitress In small restaurant; call
In forenoon. 12 Eighth Ft.
COMPETP:NT forewoman for large overall fac-
'? tory. Address with references, box 4091. Call.
GIRL, 16 to IS, to look after 3-year-old child.
j 117A Bartlett Ft.
j MIDDLE-AGED woman; light housework and
attend to lady. 716 Franklin st.
•WE want swd makers for millinery; will pay
gc<od wagee; eteady. 130 Sixth st.
WANTED— Women and girls to work on toma-
toes, .canning and preparing; highest wages
raid; steady work; prizes for quick work
Airly immediately to U. S. FRUIT PEK-
ING CO.. Harrison ave.. . between Seventh
and Elchth «u.. o.T Folsom.
APPRENTICES on overalls. STANDARD
SHIRT FACTORY, cor. Gough and Grove sts.
GIRLS to rivet overalls, also sewing machine
operators, at Lev! Strauss A Co.'s factory.
S2V» Fremont Bt. ; no experience necessary'
good wages. Apply to MR. DAVIS.
WANTED— Reliable woman with girl (12 to 15)
for good cooking, Washing and general house-
work; 3 in family; $20. MRS. A. W JOHN-
EON. Upper I.ake, Lake County. Cal.
EXPERIENCED operators on underskirts-
steam power; good pay. A. AARON 179
Mission &t. • "
MIDDLE-AGED woman to do housework for
widower and 2 children; $13. $C7 Filbert st
In roar.
GIRL wanted for light housework! 510 ' ner
month. 2632 Sutter st. •
YO , l 'N" German girl to nss^t In housewcrkT
Call 10 to 12 a. m.. BUS Mission Pt.
WANTED— Girl for general housework; wages
J25. Alabama and Montcalm ets.
WANTED— Young girl to assist with light
houoework and care of children; sleep home
309 Twelfth st.
APPRENTICE wanted; book bindery. 636 Clay
I RONERH wanted at United States Laundry
Sixteenth ct.. near Valencia, ''
Al FINISHER on suits at M. SIMINOFF, 1228
A . N T. ED — Women and clrls to work on fruit.
1.31 Folsom st., hetween 13th and 14th.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 2200 Flllmore st.
R _J»CH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Vfilencin st.
Jll KLI* A\\\ XTJ3 D SI A LE.
AT C.'lt. HANSEN & CO.'s7."7.TlOI Ge^TsT
f.00 men for railroad work
200 teamster?, Stcte of Nevada $¦• a day
f.0 teamsters, Monterey Co $2 a day
SJj laborers. Surf $3 a day
£0 laborers, Truckee; SI SW a day
20 tunnelmen for big tunnel, Chatsworth
Park, Los Angr.Ies Co.. %2 to $2 DO a day, ftc
$1, eh'.p daily, free fare.
Wanted for naw ' railroad work north, 60
laborers, woodchopptrs and men handy with
"n ax $3 a uay
*ee $1 K r pp fare
100 laboitrs and tenmstera for new railroad
in Humboldt County, $2 a day. board S3 50
a week ¦
£0 rockmen drillers and laborers for reaer-
volr and water works In Napa Co., $2 n day,
board $3 SO a week; 20 laborers for smelter.
$2 a day; 6 Rurleigh arlllcrs, S3 a day; 10
laborers and teamsters, . near city, $2 day:
stablemen, milkers, .farmers, choremen and
others . I -
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
French chef, $100: 4 ccoks, county hotels, $10 to
$60; 20 dishwashers and kitchen-hands. $23
and $30; laundryman and wife. Institution, $60;
washer. Institution, 130; laundryman, country
hotel, $35; nurse, institution. ISO. C. R.
HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary Bt.
A— ULACKSMITli for R. R. camp ..$3 a day
Free fare. C. It. HANSEN &>CO.. 10» Geary.
WANTED— Driver for milk wagon: references
required; ?3o nnd found. "W. D. EWER & CO.,
610 Clay et. - - • '
11ARBERS' Progressive Union— Free employ-
rnent, H. Barnard. Sec. 104 7th; tel. J»ssie 153.
ENERGETIC Industrial Insurance agent for
gocd debit. Apply J. REINDERS. Call Tues-
day, bet. 8 & 0 or 5 & 6. rm. 13. Donohoe bldg.
$12 PER week; salary & expenses; men and
women to represent us appointing agents;
rapid promotion and Increase; brilliant lines.
BUTLER & ALGER, New Haven, Conn.
HELP WASTED — MALE.
A— MURRAT & READT Phono Main 5S48
WE SHIP FREE...' WE SHIP FREE
To all parts of California, Nevada. Utah and
other States and Territories .........
Los Angeles Santa Barbara District
Dunsmulr Redding ••, Sh fi 8t a
Fresno Truckee Diatiicta
Reno. Nev Salt Lake City
Surf.. San Luis Bakersfleld
Soda Springs and 63 other points, laborers,
teamsters, tunnelmen, etc., $3, $- 50. $-. Jl 75
d a y Free fare
Only $1 fee H '<*« only
"" * * MURRAY & READY.
"I""'.; «U-636 Clay st.
A-WE GAVE EMPLOYMENT
YEAR 1S37 to upwards of 17.000 men
1S98 19,000 men
1899 21.000 men
MURRAY *-¦ READT. 634-638 Clay at.
A-FRUIT PICKERS... 365... FRUIT PICKERS !
MEN OR BOYS
For fruit picking, work In packing and dry-
Ing houses, help sblp fruit to California and
Eastern markets and do any other work; at
least 3 months' Jobs
Fare from Jl; call early and so fruit pick-
ing; wages $30 per month and found; trust3,
banking corporations, etc
MURRAY & READT.
6S4-626 Clay st.
A— WE pay your fares to sawmills, woods, etc.;
SS3 men for all classes of work; laborers, etc..
no experience required, you'll suit; wast s $35
$30. 135. $40 and found; also GO millmen. 5o
woodsmen, shinsle sawyers, snipers, line pull-
ers, carriage setters, Jackscrewers. in fact.
we want every class of help for mills, woods]
planing mills, etc., $1 25 to $40 and found*
S64 tiemakers. woodehopr>ers. tools and pro-
visions furnished. $3, $2, tl 7.->. $1 cord, 12c and
13c each; some for (fold mines
MURRAY & READY""
634-636 Clay st.
A— 43 LAIIORERS..TO..HEL}' CAUPK.VTERS ''¦
Anybody will suit. $30. $3T.. $J0 and found
Come sea MURRAY & READY, 634-6C5 Clay". !
A- IT'S BIG WAGES GETS GOOD HELP
15 laborers, N'aj>a County, you'll suit. $41
and found: 50 laborers, Humboldt County" $<>>•
2S4 laborers and teamsters for all parts of
California, some in San Francisco al<?!> in
factories, $2 50, $2, Jl "i day; :>; scraper team-
sters, north $40 atvl f ouniI
Loggers, crosscut sawyers. ?13 and found-
swampers: 16 drillers, city job; ll hammer '
men; bricksetters. wheelers; e-Jcerman $3 I
day; ISO men to buiM a flume; hammer' an.l i
hatchet men, »40 and found; 5 m( . n to coal
cart, J2 flay; DO men to pile lumbe- i>a !
TO MINES
rs men as laborers for mines $?,? and fo'un'd
26 miners, single hand work. $7J |60- 13*5 f ana j
hands steady Jobs, jr,, J30. J26 and found;
2C milkers, butter makers. %".<) and found- 14
stablemen, city and country. *»0. $31) «J3 an.l
found; 3 farmers and wives; married fu-na'ca
man: 16 choremen and boys.. $:£ $"o it-. «ia
and found .„.'.. ' '
10 vaqueros to break colts to MtddQ^'tc'sad
found, steady, good Job; 16 teamster., road
work K2 .V> and found
For all other Jobs com- and see rounl
•••• MURRAY & READY;""
&U-&6 Clay gt.
A MECHANICAL HKLP .. "
6 carpenters, free fare jj •>$ 4-,
6 carpenters for ranches, etc. $40 and found-
brick mason, $4 day; 3 painters, house work! !
$2 oO to ti t day. fare 70c; painter's helper- 12
blacksmiths and horsexhoers; also helpers
MURRAY & HEADY.""
6C4-gC6 Clay st.
A— HOTEL BAKERY RUTCHFR '
LAUNDRY DEPARTMENT
Steward, country hotel, see boss here 130
and found '
28 cooks $.-,0, i«o. m 'Vso'and'founj
11 W , a L tor " v S" J:i "' J - s - **> an<i f °un'J
3; dishwashers JCO, fS, J20. l!5 and found
12 bakers assistants, J«, J35. |30 and found;
12 laundrymen. $40. $3.', $00. $25 and found- !
candy makers: porter help for Institution- gro-
cery '-lerk and drive
6 butchers $S3, $30 and found
I'antrymen; \co cream makrr?. MUI'.RW &
_ READY. 6Z4-e,ZK Clay st. *
VVANTKD— A good bright business man or
woman, married or Eingle. to take an Inter-
est In a prosperous legitimate business that
Is paying 200 per cent per annum on the in-
vestment. Ability and application needed
more than money, as the present owner has
made himself rich In the business. Don't an-
swer unless you mean business and can com-
mand several thousand dollars in cash and
are willing to give the close attention neces-
sary. *.vork hard and make plenty of money:
no experience necessary and you can act as
cashier and handle all the money. Address
Professor B. H. RUSSELL, lock box 86
Santa Cruz, Cal.
WANTED— «0 men to attend to horses on
transport steamers to China: will be returned
to San Francisco in about three months. Ap-
ply Immediately. \Y. R. GRACE & CO., 234
California st., San Francisco.
FIRST-CLAFS Jeweler and jobber: state ref-
erencen and wages expected: permaneft; posi-
tion Hll year around. Address box 40J7. Call.
A FIRST-CLASS coatmaker wanted. 301-3C2
Kyaminer bulldirr.
FIVE first-<-ia?s mill bench hand*: one wood
turner. KIEHAUS BROS. CO.. West Berke-
ley Planin™ Mills.
TRAVELING salesman to oil stock; $40
month and liberal commission: we pay ex-
penses: must give bond. Box 3302. Call.
A GENTLKMAN of Indomitable energy and
push: good opportunity to riRht man. E.
PERSON, room 412. Parrott bulldinsr.
CAPABLE man to travel & appoint tigents;
$1000 >early salary: permanent; promotion.
Hupt., Co-opratlv-5 Co., 356 Dearborn st., Chi-
cago.
MEN wanted to learn barber trade; c.nly eight
weeks required: positions guaranteed: special
Inducoments; catalogue and map of city free.
Meier's Uarber College, 633 Clay st.
WANTED— Under presser on vests. 43 Ellis
Bt.. room 41.
ror.TF.P. and barkeeper wanted. 1K3 Mar-
ket St. I
"WANTED— Third hand on bread. J36 Third 1
street. I
ELDERLY man cook for boarding house. 322
Main st.
PIX goM\ teamsters; steady work. Apply to
J. O'HIIEA, Seventeenth and Vermont sts.
"WANTED— Dishwasher and waiters. 805 Kear-
ny M.
WANTED — A flrst-clas3 bread and cake baker;
references required. Apply 1217 .Valencia st.
COATMATCKR for country; Rood prices; eee
bogs Wednesday morning. 127 Eddy Bt.
"WANTED — For railroad construction in Hum-
boldt County, 100 men: wages $2 per day;
hoard JJ 50 per '.vcek. Apply J. R. HAN1FY
& CO.. 16 California it.
WANTED — A larber for Saturday afternoon
und Sunday. 13.TT Dupont st.
I$A FIBERS— Good-paying 3-chalr shop; must be
I sold on account of departure; a bargain.
DECKELMAN RROt*.. 106 Ellis St.
FOR sale — A 3-chair barber »hop, on account of
Boinc East. 14 Turk st.
FIRST-CLASS 4-chatr barber shop for sale:
location central. Box 4080. Call offlce.
GOVERNMENT positions— Don't prepare for
postoffice or other civil service examination
without seeing catalogue Information: sent
free. Columbian Correspondence College,
Washington. D. C.
WANTED— Man and wife to work on ranch-
man mu?t be thoroughly competent in fren-
eral ranch work; wife to do general house-
work; wages $40 per month; Swedish. German
or Swiss preferred. Address D. K., box 4fi.
Wheatland, Yuba Cpunty, Cal.; apply at
once.
AN Intelligent boy for apprentice salesman Jn
a large tinware" and stova store; must write a
Kood hand: German or French preferred; low
wages to commence with: chance for advance-
ment. Uox 4080. Call office.
WANTED— Accountant for complicated sats of
books; must be neat; fair penman; permanent
position to right party; references re-
quired. Addrei-s box 4O'J3. Call offlce.
I APPRENTICE tinner for heavy work ; must
have had experience; mention where employed
and wages wanted. Box 4CS9. Call offlce.
WANTED — Salesman; furnishing goods dept
! Arvly s - N - VVOOD & CO.. 71S Market st.
! GROCERY clerk: city experience; delivery and
1 nil orders; salary $9. Box 4033. Call offlce.
j WANTED— Recruits for the United States~Ma^
j Hue Corps, U. S. Navy, able-bodied, unmar-
1 rlfid men of Rood character, between the a«e«
j of 21 and 35 years; not less than u feet 4
inches and not over 6 feet 1 inch in height:
must be citizens or the, United Sta.tes cr per-
sons who have legally declared their Inten-
tions to become citizens; able to read, write
I ana swak Er.sclish properly. For further In-
1 formation apply at the Marine Recruiting Of-
j flee, 40 Kills »t.. San Francisco. Cal.. 530 K st.,
I Sacramento. Cal.. or lOt.S J st.. Fresno, Cal.
! DKNTIST-l.n class. Rood habits & address. 10
j take charge books & business of wide prac-
tice: large falary; security required. Oakland
Dental Co.. 1065 Washington st., Oakland.
' WANTED— 8 jewelers; steady work; no short
1 time. Apply, itatlnir wages wanted and par-
' tlculars. JOS. MAYER & BROS.. Seattle.
% WANTED— Good hustlers to sell flags, parasols
and N. S. G. W. decorations. Apply Sunset
; liazaar. 42 Third st. •
! TAILOR'S cutter wanted: one that Is a good
: coatmaker. Address C. J. ANDREWS Fort
! Townsend, "Wash.
j LABORERS and drillers waited at 527 Four-
j teenth st.. near Guerrero.
WANTED— 100 men to tak« rooms. 10c. lie and
I 20c. Boston House. 930 Howard st.
! ALL sites men's shots, slightly day.aged. half
j price. 662 Mission st. t bet. 1st and 2d sts.
' WANTED — Dark room men and printers. An-
! .Ply at >rt Publlshlnr Co., 225 Post st.
j WANTED— Steady waiter, extra waiter, extra
I cook. 23 Taylor st.
HELP WAJfTEP — MALE.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to ltixrtr
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third «t.; 150 larsa
rooma ; Kc per night; tl to <3 per week.
BOY wanted] San Francisco and Pacific Glass
W.orks. Seventh and Townsend sts.
0 F I 'r n V0Ur Bhocs half » oIed whlla waiting; 25o
to wOc. 563 Mission at, bet. 1st and M sta.
N^ w Coods; quick sales: ealary or conunlf
•ion; city or countrj-. THE J. DEWING CO..
Flood buildlr.;.
?w5fi{£ U r 8uM « attendants. Apply W. UP-
w ARD. Baden, end of San Ma too elec. line.
BRANDY maker*— Heavy spirit barrels for
J^g£Jg_^AHL'S. 217 Commercial it.
MEN and women to learn barber trade, a F.
__Larber College. 741A Howard at.
S 'oi I | LORS ' rrdl "ary i-eamen and green hands:
J^^ar^s^fjiroria^ HERMAN'S. 28 Steuart.
PE.\SIONS_c,EO. D~CAMPRELL, lawyer. 15
. years' practice: Examiner buildlns.
**™**. ** Third St.. near Mar-
'k,,; ' j r ,? om5 . "25c nicht: readin?-room; fr«»
__D^and baggage to and from the ferry.
L iMP t;LL ' IIous ". comer Sixth and Howard—
Kvnn l. w - to -J3c nlcht: 'Zc to *2 per week.
522 SES,llVElTOCK^EtP ::: For SnT^
4:> c=, n f On K ES for sa?e: also waisoiiarTu^ieZ
15- <: J larne " s - Grand Arcade Horse Market.
£Y-t r i,. st -' auctton sales every Wednesday.
_!H'- L1VAX * IX)YLE. Auctloreerg.
F lhu ay , mare - t<>P buirKy and harness. Kult-
anle for family u^e. will be sold at a sacrl-
Cea QUire at Club Stables. Taylor »t.. nr.
TO HEAD draft, carriage and saddle horses: also
pneumatic and ruhher-tlred turffies;- cheup.
f^ru.em^ Hr.rse Kx.-hangg. 721 Howard ft.
N^ %j-^ v>^^IIC>l'SKS TO LET.
A 7,ri? 1S J*;? } iM '• hnURM *• send for clr-
_£".'»¦'• C H. UMBSEX & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
POST. r.>25. bet. Scott ar.d Devisadero— Modern
house; large stable; larire driveway.
3 JOEJF^L Rr>OMJ! : w -i'er free. 23 Maple
J^Jrt. off Fourteenth st.. near Guerrero.
JC2 50— MODERN- hou ? ». 7 rooms; lar*» base-
ment. ?e,7 Shotweli st.. near Eighteenth.
HOUSES TO LET — FIRMSIIED.
OXLY CS SO— We!l-fura!5he<l. comfortable cot-
tage: five rooms and bath. 72S Central ave..
near McAllister »t.
r HOUSES WANTED.
FLAT or cottape In warm belt of Mission;
sunny yard. Box A. SOP Hayes St.
!^ T AXD POLWD.
LOST— Package or silverware, trip San Rafael
to San Franeisco. via Pausalito; liberal r»-
ward paid for return. U FRANK, car» Co-
lumbian Banking Co.
ON Mission pier No. 2. lizard diamond and
emerald get p!n. 321 Turk St.; reward.
LOST— Pn« do?, black nose, collar with but-
tona on; nam» "Boots"; reward. Cl Mc-
Allister Et. ~
LOST— Hlarlc and tan dog; name Zip: license
tag; liberal reward. Dewey House, 23 East.
LO^T-Flrj- leather dfulirn case with photo-
graphs; reward. 4TS Valencia at.
LOST— Orej-hound bitch: fawn, -with wh!t»
marks; *2 pounds. Return to Z'Zj Bush at.;
reward.
LOST— Black and tan toy terrier dos: reward.
R.-turn to JAMES ANTHONY. 441 Hayes »t.
medical7~
DR. and MRS. DAVIES.~1K8 M^^TIr^Ren^
able ja !,¦•.*' and r^nta' .-.; , ,.,-t.j ; J2 yeara'
practice; have treated thousands of cases iuc-
ce=ssrully; a positive cur« Kuarantee.1 at of-
fice; 'adles treated ca.i return home the saiiie
day; try the celebrated IHXDO IIERF1 treat-
ment for home cure; any one can use it by di-
rections: perfectly harmless: home for conflne-
ment. Send five 2-cent stamp* for clrc-ular.
MRS. r>H KOHL, the well-known and reliable
ladles' specialist: guaranteed treatment at of-
flce. t"; positive cure; h>.rr.e for patients be-
fore and during confinement: skillful medical
attention; consultation free an.l conftdentia!.
446 Eddy st., bet. Leavenworth and Hyde.
DR. G. W. (TDONNELL, the world-renowned
ladies' specialist: safe and reliable: has prac-
ticed In San Francisco for years: treated thou-
sands of cases succe»«fully : treatment can b»
used at home; consultation fre". After all
others fall call on him. 1023U Market st.
DRS. GOODWIN, well-known ladies'' specialist*!
have returned from Europe; safe anil reliable:
cure to; have treated thousands of ca.«es with
success; 1j years' practice In S. F.; matemiry
home; low fees. 10074 Market st.. nenr Sixth.
ALL nervous and mental diseases cured; rest
and sleeD assured; highest testimonial*. F.
P. N.Van Lande S hem. D. P. L.. late of £S K.
C3d st.. N. Y. City, rms. 5 & 6; offlce hours
9 till 1 o'clock, 610 Golden Gate ave.
XG TOT KEE. Chinese doctor; cures consump-
tion, cancer, catarrh, etc.; all diaen.»e» treat-
ed; send for testimonials: advice free. Sani-
tarium. 704 Sacramento »t., corner Kearny.
MHS. DR. WYETII. reliable speclaliat: K yra.'
practice: home In confinement; treatment at
office,^t3; any ailment: consultation free; con-
fidential. 942 Post St., bet. Hyde and Larkln.
STRICTLY private and secluded residence,
away from the public saze. for th<* treatment
of women: confinement cases taken. MRS.
DR. FUNKE. 1416 EiKhth st.. Alameda.
A BTRICTLY private and secluded residence,
away from the public paze. for the treatment
of women: confinement cases taken. MRS.
DR. FVNKE, 1415 Eighth st., Alameda.
A— NEW proce««; every woman her own phy-
sician; no medicine cr pills used; practical
physician 37 yr?. Dr. POPPER. SIS Kearny.
MRS. M. ALLEN. 103.J Market— Ladies' opecia:-
lst; home in confinement: safe and reliable,
consultation free; hours 10 to 8.
DR. and MRS. M. WEGENER— Private hoina
in confinement. 1312 Golden Gate ave.
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, treata all dla-
ea?ea nf the human body. 115 Mason tt.
MISCELLANEOUS— FOR SALE.
BOILERS, er.clnes Id-hand machinery. Me-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 135-197 Fremont st.
I BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters,
linoleum, new »nd second-hand: we always
have a large stock of saloon outfits on hand;
3Z complete outfits on our floor, ready made;
we fan ship everything In 14 hours. J.
NOOXAN, 1017. 1019. VZ1. K-C3 Mission St..
above glxth: write for catalogue.
i STRANGERS vi^itlnK this city will find it to
i their advantage to call at TNXLE HARRIS'.
13 Grant ave.. and inspect his large stock o.
i diamonds, watches, sealskins, musical In-
i strurr.ents. shotguns. ot>«*ra and field glasses
and other Roods too numerous to mention.
which he sells at one-half of original cost.
! FOR sale— Property of the Llv« Oak Consoli-
dated Gold Mlnins Co.. situated In Nevad*
I County, 15 mlle» north of Auburn: 2 patented
claims- S-stamp quartz mill: ditch and hotst-
injc works complete. For further particular*
Inquire of A. MEISTER. 914 Ninth St.. Sac-
ramento, Cal.
GTN for sale; Erjfllsh hammerlesa; twelve;
Damascus barrels; latest Improvements;
leather case and appurtenances : also Gordon
retter dog. 4 years otd; retriev» land ana
' water. 2133 Tine st.
A BEAUTIFUL, concert Jtrand peart Inlaid rca-
hogany puitar for %2V. original cost $iO. l.V
j CLE HARRIS. 15 Grant ave.
i A SACRIFICE— Large-sized sealskin sack: fine;
perfectly good. MRS. V. X-. box 330o, Call.
ANGORA kittens- Pedigreed: white, black, tor-
totse or blue. Angora Cattery^jaia^Clay^st.
rTr~I'. boiler; 2 II. P. jrasolln* ensrine. PE-
TIT1IOM.ML'. K. N'lnth_st.._j 1 _Oa.klancI.
GREAT Danes and fox terrier pups- Pr!2« P^ 1 "
| fcree stock. Box E. U^alnut. Creek.
A— ur_ - Y*» sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines boilers, water pipe, shafting pulleys,
etc. WHITE^A^V. US Spear «t.
S II -P "mi-hand ftearn en.slm' and boiler; atoo
BTKCl. taaksv-alt «bM:>«>ltaMa J™ , waf * r °J
oil- cheap: a" »har*»: »ecoud hand. H. S.
WHITE. 51S Mission rt. .
2-43*10 DEKBT.and r«4or« ba» »1 73. Pop-
ultr r rtceJKa tters^ g^iJCearny »t.. near Pine.
A-100 1IORSKPOWKR engine, boiler. : drill
SAFFS— New and second hand. THK Iinit-
MANN SAFE CO . 417-4S Sacramento at.
FIREPP.OOF safe tot ?a> cheap. 42 Main st.
g^g h §ggg s HuX.i^B^?
1TTNF mitt tin- dr«>?i« rants. $2 73. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS, 437 Montgomery st.
Fl'LL line cemeras ard photn supplies: selllne:
cheap. W. A. HARTTCR. 513 Examine M.ig.
«-it I rent full tfraM Tuxedo or Prince Albert
,u"s ror C^rortland I^an Offloe. X Stktn.
10-TON Falrt-anks scale an.l fire ar.d burglar
proof safe. 218 C.illfr.rnla st.
ilWIAND photopraphlc and masrlc lantern out-
fits boujrht. sol.l. exchanged. W Mrntnomery.
FIRST-CLASS second-hand mo-iem ensrtnes and
boilers bought and sold. KROGH Mfg. Co.
EDISON concert phonograph; reduced price.
$73; concert records. |1 50. Baclgaiupi. 983 Mkt.
SAFES— New and second hand; all sit"*. THR
WALTZ SAFE. 103-111 **-rket St.. Saa Fran.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, StJNDAY, SEPTEMBER 9, 1900.
37
T SIISCKLl.A!<nEOrS -WANTS.
AN Oliver typewriter wanted; state pnee. Ad-
<ir*ss hex 4 'S3. Call oSSce.
LADIES' and frer.ts' c»?t-ort clothing bought _
pold. Siiv«-rman. *S4 Kolsom; tel. Folsom 1191.
KLK1N f'i'A l-ays best price for clothing, brlo-
«-!>rac and .basics. JOS' Sixth St.; teL Jessie 14L
IF jou w!*h full value for your cast-oft clothing
cull QTi n. rc.WK'S. :•»' Third: tel. RUcV 4123.
MOSCV TO LOAN.
ANY ameunt at « per cent; IstrScT^nd 3d~mortT
tapee, undivided Interest, real estate ln pro-
bate: rr.ortcaces and legacies bouphf. no de-
Uy: cct my terms before doinp business else-
x.Ii»-r-. U. MoCOLGAX. 14 Montgomery, r. ».
ANY proposition. «r:y amount; 6 per cenf first
t-ecend mengacF. estates in prcbate interest
lti «-Mates. legacies, corpcrat'.on loans, chattel
morttrar«S, life insurance. Room 16 first flcor
O.rcnu-le bide. HALLOrtAN & OLSEN.
JiltJHLY respectable rrivate place to obtain
l:r»eral advances on diamonds, jewelry at low-
ett rites. Baldwin JeT\*lry titore. £1« Market
".. t«i. Main 1C44. Branch 19 Third st.
ON furriture and pianos -without removal ;qoltk
fervlce: money direct; lowest interest. K(K>ms
f.K and €<«. I>onohi* huildine. JI7« Market ft.
OH r>»l estate. 1st and 2nd morteaces a.:\i on
furniture or riim'f: no removal; any amount;
lowest rate. HKCKKtt & OV. ?« Montgomery.
MOST reliable place to borrow or. diamonds.
watches. Jewelry. \v. J. HESTHAU U S.xth;
V chest rrlre for old gold, silver, diamonds.
AT 12€ Kcarr.y *i.. room 9, resp<»-tat'!« private
r!a. e to t.r-rrow on watches, diamonds; lowest
;. rates; tike elevator. Teieriicn- Darts 995.
j£UV(>.0 «t C j«t cent In sum* to suit in city; also
I1S0.OM on :atpe ranches; also on second tnort-
'. - — - it. J. MEBOEIt & SON. 41i ?»ir,e st.
r, J V amount by private party on furniture ancj"
. itK*; no removal; low rate*; confidential.
»¦' M-LLI. -01 Jorey M.. corner Eddy.
MOXET to loan. THE McCAnTIIY COiirANY.
CtC llarkct fct.
Mt'NEY loaned salaried people without security.
11- 1- r. 44. Merchants' i'.x.. 431 California.
• N rumiture and pianos; no removal; coun-
'¦iertial: on <":nmon.1s. etc. 33 Tsylor et.
1O salaried pc-r^ie vttbOSt security; all busi-
*>e*> <¦• ntiiertial. Tans — JT Co.. 321 Parrott bl*.
H. MITHFHV. €29 Market st.. solves all kind* of
financial problems; M mcrt^acs, •s!ai^.«. etc.
On furniture, pianos: 3 per cent per month; no
.: fomfniMtoo. Mrs. Wtlsi r.. rm. WL * Eddy st.
CASH loaned to salaried r»eo»>le on nete without
iriijort^-r. MCiRRKLL. 0<jS Examiner bailding.
ON furniture, pia'.ios. witnout removal: no com-
mission: t>r;\ste. LICK. UC McAllister st.
T<~> enlarie.i pe ; ! t irlt_owt collateral it ln-
d^»- s ]¦-. I's.->-.i-t Agency. :<ri l'helan hi
MIM( \l. INSTHIMENTS.
tiO tp <-crt--m;ifi!inp the purchase of a. p'ario,
now or in :!!>¦ near future, van afford to buy
urt:! oar tare* aaaortmcat of Deckers or
] '.'!¦ i.;ir '..- 1ih!= lfe:i ?•xi'Tnined. We are quot-
li . r<rlc** and terms more reasonable than
ever before offered "n Krst -clays poods. The
7.EXO M.M'VAIS ftluxtc Co.. 7ti9 Maiket st.
" "'¦ iti -N <? I»e<k.- r i: p->n baby pranda
and uprip!.!.'-. aid Ariington ujirishts ]ust ar-
rive! and ".i :'l be unloaded Tufsiay. There
e.re many EXytea to select frcm and these par-
f.7- Kho are waiting fir them can get "first
cliotcp-- if ;}.*y t -..n.e r-arly. We have a [>-w
i. d ted nd-hand uprietu left. MAUVAJd
Music i'. ... '.'¦' Market tt.
AXKUUNCEMEXT-W€ have conso'.idatt-d the
San l'ran< Isco Music Company. Z2J sutler et..
with ' ur '1 'Karrell-st. business and now
Ebow more poods in all lir.es than any oth«r
,,n the coast, irix floors of mui-ic and
musical roods: 1 lanou In endless variety and
irii-es rar.slnff from 175 to J?O0. Imperial
:;.; horn' n Music Boxes. Guitars. Violins.
MandoUas, ftrinss. Trimmings. Sheet Music.
K&; enormous f-tock; lowest prices; cash or
!-:Fta;im<-r.l«. I!E.\"J. iM.'KTAZ & SON. lfi.
» It :."••: -' '>I'arrtMl Ft.: Cblcfcer— IS acency.
*. LL purcb&scn o€ r-snos at BUE&UAN.CLAY
i.'fi have ihf privilege of exchanging for
t - ITINV.'AV any time within three years
and f\i.l lurchase price allowed: the best
B_kera of «-verj' grade to select from: beauti-
ful r..-w aprlcfata If. cash, 16 per month: some
» : ; iai.ci icr J". Si and {3 [>er month
SHERMAN. CLAY & CO.. BTEINWAT
:.,:i:s. corner Kearny ar.d Matter sts..
t^ari Frar.cisrc: cor.tr Breadway acd Thlr-
...--• -•<. Onkiar-.d.
ATTENTION! THK
L'YKON StACZT PIANn rACTORT
1c r. ¦¦¦.' for ini*i»*ct \r-n. Special reception
Tuesday. Visitors v.-< !<-ome.
s::n a piano mads.
Have your cid piano done over. L-"*ok !n our
•1 * ;,: I >-e ti:.- SJOOO «..I3 nuffget. The
trium;.h of : iaiiorr.3k?rs' art. nii*-SK-;:2 Pott
itn • -.
SOHMKB AGEXCT.
AT a (Msour-t. to ostablith fur n«-w location.
«:!! pi- ¦ • per rer.t oT on pianos; some
•¦'.-), rri rarjrains: 3 Heine ufrierhtr. SS27;
C BteiB— J t*. V.iJ: 1 J'.fi.".; l Ma-
sri _ Hs::.".:r,. 1394. ar.ti 29 Other barpain?:
• Tt & I u\i« ar.d T> other raak»s. KHINK
1'IAN') <'•'.. ::7 tj«ary rt.. mar City of
Paris.
. : !.!": ;:i.Y the eldest anl larp^L-t baas*
wart cf Cr.ieaco is KOHLKU & CHAFES.
V*-. and 's- '' 1 F«r:eII Ft.; j:anm>. orgrsr.s and
er<1 prices: terms easy: prices lowest; every-
thing possible <i >Dc ;j plt-^te and satisfy the
CKtti r.ir.
>. PEW of our barpains th!s (reek: A fin..
£'¦::. vny. u-ol short time; an e'.<'^.i_';t ajiris.'l
thr?">-i« I.'tl ::;• to date pian". ?;?'. Bcmc ex- ,
tra pood lir.rrnirs in Kardmanx, Dewing- ]
liroi ¦ ¦ Bros. THK J. DEWING CO..
se-'-nd rl'»)r. Flood buli.iir.c.
A CARLOAD fine new piat.os lust stored with I
us fr ra r.L*:<rn [actcry at facton' prtew «ar.d i
fresrho. cafh or Installments; special for N. j
<: *> IVILSON Ktorare. 1T1<> Market st. i
VIOLIN str m:*; Mv*r wet; best ln the world;
• -. - - ¦' •¦ -;.^:r;ng <f all kinds cf musical
r.ftrunientR <"a>i C Anderson. 417 «7<»arr st
¦J* '• :: -;ji Kale of a fine upright piano.
f ¦ ¦ lain*.
*' i: n— ay. perfect crl»r. $175.
¦= gKEFTETP. SC3 Market St.. t.et. ith and fi;h.
CKVT1XMAN leavlnc city uill Facririce ele-
pan» oj . . rand { iano. ?;i <; >!rten Gate av.
BE in The f»im; rer.t «, :.•¦»• ;.jano lor J3 per
rrcr.ih V '¦ "! t.i;iht.'7, (-0. .W) H»y>i st.
TJIK WILEY H ALLEN CO.. ill Foit *t. .
:•' ¦ -an. < v :ir\er ptA other 'ianos.
13ARGAIN— Good piano ?fceaji: lnstailmer.t J5t
per month. 6CHMIT-. U McAllister st.
W. G. BADOKIt. iY: stTTajrent for
Krar.c,, rjc>n snd Hallett * Davis Manon.
El'PfCmOR vlolirs. zt[ : f^. , id a nrt new- h"
5i!:i.I.Kn. rr.aVer. repairer. 2 Ijuf-am Dlace.
IrKDI'CTION rale: b#w Dlanos: ;:> paymenu:
for rent. %? on. BRl'irNN. ? f « Tv,»t st.
dfEAPKST and best In .« rr ¦•¦rica— The V.>euiy
'"aSi. '« par's, neni to adiresn in the
T'niled Fta'os or Canaila r,*i" >f;>.r for tl
,„*?><».. -»i(l
OFFICES A\I> BTORES TO LET.
£K— IA BPKECKE_8 l>uii<:!njt. *r, Market—
Offices. Jicht and sunny, J'.i to j:>0 per month:
lipht. heat. Janitor and use <-f t*:. included.
TO r-r.i— Mo<J«-rn etore: well lighted; Iaxl«;
re^t r«M»«o™r.1e. £SS Hnv»« st.
PALMISTUV.
NrrROAARD. president of Ft. Germain Coi-
;. i-e of PaJmiftry, r-eads from 1 to i. 616
r>e«ry n.; niso by mail.
I»KnSO.\ALS.
ECEPCCTABUS gentleman. SS years, wishes
acqu»tntanc« of widow; object matrimony,
n >. zva. call.
k /— ALL ireli and <juiet; trust those away are
Z .m-cU and happy. A.
A^ the <i^y~ie. <J'frei-nt from the rieht so Is
The Star 'lair Itemedy dlffej.nt from other
tonif-, n n Btoret— It is reliable & may be de-
p"r.-!> -'. up ¦! ; 0 rcytore Rray and faded hair to
s—UiraJ : .-;; c— ra rlar.druff _ itchir.K «-al,i,
•*• ¦}< !• •...: c. prow new liuir; not a dye: no
Alacolon.l :i . r the iscalp or linen; soM by
fctrtre* ¦ an .i dnigpists. THK' bTAK
Bl-Ml,; ' v CO., -"an Francisco. -
A ItOV 01 riri *,.arn,~for adoption! MRS. DR.
FfM. ElgnUi rt.. Aiamedju
G. UKDERElra i • jiular pnrloi-s oiwn all day
Mrnday and Tuesday; u^ual jirlce*— no extra
_ . hargg, r- ; .. bjUrdregsinx. 123 Stockton at.
EE-N'T free— A K^-i>agi~bc>okr"exi»laininK all
secrets that <-n:iL.l P you to develop personal
m^.>rt)rt!^nl and jc^in wealth by influencing
everybody; this great work lays liare tin.-
m>-Bte.rle« of hypnotlsni ifid magnetic h«-alln»-
ar.d thows you how to Inr.itb diseases and
had hatits: nothing like- It: success firuarati-
ttr<\ Jn a few .lays. A-Mress American Col-
lege <f Bdencea, Dot is. 416-42J Walnut ht..
Philsdr'.^hia, Pa.
Lni'EHEIfK Qtstotooica Hair Tonic beautifies
an<J softens the }:.-iir: z:.-. iK>t.; try It.
LAMES— Must "r.lareed C lactic •; failure lmpos-
BlM«: j;00 pxarmntee; proof free. Leonard
Medicine Co.. Kansas City, Kans.
"AKKV- Natl. Matrimonial (Tlub; private list
y ; rainy rich. Uox 1UC3. Dearer. Coio.
LnnEDEU srli* more nrUebca than any other
bouse. WTiyf Price is rieht: Si up.
tgTTpCS Lotion ami Almr;njfn~ikin Food
lk<l the world for U;e removal of wrinklefc.
ft VWt, i)im?le». blackheadn. rnare* pores;
treatment frcs tl.is areck. MME. FIEHuit'
IS Powell et. ; -.
MARRIAGE bureau; est. 1SS7: reliable snd con-
f.dT.t'.al: lUtF. 10c. Mrs. Hertz, 7o€ Ellis bl
RAG carrots wove to order and for sale: aJ*o
<-r^ni!le-— ov* ruts, silk portieres; dealer ln
«-eri*-t twine, ln hank or chain, at lowest
rites. GEO. MATTHEWS. 703 Klfth, Oaklaa-l.
PERSONALS.
AMATEUR photographers— Save 60 per cent by
having your work done at Rembrandt Studio,
£50 Market St., cor. Stockton; kodaks. 3Hx3H.
only 25c; no charge for blank negatives; pro-
fesklonal advice free; lessons given, 60c each.
JUX_AX1S_.
Scientific Healing.
D19 Golden Gate ave.
THE HUDSON RIVER CO..
HOPKE BROS.
Msttrerses and pillows m~< to order, re-
covered and renovated; honest work guaran-
teed; prices defy competition: fine upholstery;
phone £#9: factory. 31S and S2U Eleventh St.;
f.rst-olaFB cleaning and dyeing. 328 OTai-rell,
near Powell, San F*r&nciseo.
WHY SUFFER?
Persons afflicted with Rheumstlsm (no mat-
ter of how lonir MRnd!rp).or any other chrcnifl
(ilfcaFf. Fhould call at once at the SAN3
SOITI. H"* Van Nf5« ave.— the up-to-date In-
ttitution for treatment. We have «..* year*
experience. Charpes rea«onab>.
ELECTRIC IlKhts in every room— Winchester
Hrtel. 44 Third et.. near Market: 700 rooms;
lie to Jl SO r-"r ntt-ht: U 50 to J<i r~r week;
free "bus and nasrs;:.*:*- t.. and from the ferry.
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates; 19
vfart 1 cxt^rlrnce. J. D. P. AY. 3.S7 Jessie gt.
SKITS to orceron installments: $15 upward;
II a week LEON LEMOS. 1117 Market st.,
l>ftween ?even'*i and Eichth.
PILES— MO i-prmanent cure* In San Francisco.
who ran h«- teen. BO operation; tu> pain: par-
ticular* Fent. .Ad. Phy«ioi«n. box iJgO. Cstl.
SUITS to or.ier .-.11 r-asy payments. Art Tailor-
ing Co.. 1C44 Mkt . undT St. Nicholas Hotel.
HAIK quickly curled or waved by uslnir Tal-
— ootf* ourlitjr Rtlld: TJ> a t»ot!!e: .lr»gc!yt!«.
""VNTKNTELt-Old-fashioried silver, bras-, copper
ware: curios. Hi! rte«oripti'ins. r.2.1 Pup^nt st.
Al.KRKIirv.S Krviman Henri* reBtcres Rrar
hair tn Its n.itnro! color: tl. »t nil druggists.
CAST-OFF rlcthir.e. old pold nnd silver bought;
»pnd iwttal. COI.FMAN'S. 0^ Kearnv ?t.
PHYSICIANS A\O SURGEON'S.
DR. J. H? REEVE :6>i Kearn>\ cures by elec-
tricity. Nervous l'ro?tration. Insomnia. Asth-
ma, Rheumatism. Paralysis. Catarrh. Con-
riimiitlon, Ki.Iney and inflammatory ctusee;
diseases dlasrooved. J
DR. O. C. o'DONNELI— ¦ Office ar.d residence.
! r?T- Markpt yt b'-t. Sixth ar.d Seventh.
j HEAL ESTATE— CI1Y POK SALE.
! BALDWIN & HOWELL.
10 MONTGOMERY ST.
112,000 investment: rents VV2 50 per month: 4
mojrrn flats; exre!!"r!t location; neur Callfor-
J nia and Leavenworth sts.; always rented.
| $3vm— New cottape en Laguna St., near Lom-
bard; easy tern.*.
J'.V<»— Price reduced: rent* $»S rer month; 2
i rrodern houses and COttaxe in rear; McAllister
j ft., near Lapur.a; lcl :7:6xlT0; double frontage;
j owner must tell.
! $40,000— Market rt.. rfar Van Nees ave.;
! st'-res. etc. : <1nuh'.*> frontage.
Near City Ho!!; :T:?xl37:6; a friend oppor-
, tunity; rnly f4J,500.
H-KTREET FRONTAGES.
Several rhoice lots on this thoroughfare at
i moderate prices an<i on eayy terms; get i«r*
i titulars et office.
A FINE INVESTMENT.
I J^n.iV-1 — Geary ft., nrar Van NVss ave.: 4 resl-
<5enrep: rent? $1^^; l<'l 5*7:^x120 to rear street.
5>37,sco— Polsom St.; corner: manufacturing
! district; Z frontages; rent* $170; let 100x87:6.
BARGAINS.
I $snv_3 new Tark P.3ts: rents $?*' por y»ir;
! half block from Ilaight st. ; always rented; a
i splendid investment.
«;,7,-/i — Only 11000 rash reTJlroi: war Powell
! sn«J I'ine t=ts. : 2-Dtary house; excellent location
1 for 3 flats: splemlid view.
|X00— Make rfTer: flats rear Sacramento and
I Hyde ft*.; rrr.ts JSCO a year; large lot 35x137:6;
: mutt 1* sold.
AN OFFER WANTED.
I $<;rion_nents $C: Natoma st . rear Sixth; coal
; yard and 4 fiat* above; lot 27x73.
RESIDENCE I'ROrERTT.
JCT" 1^- nirhmcr.cJ P'.yrrirt; entirely r.eiv; I cot-
tac^: modern ln every respect; easy terms.
(3000— Puns et I'iPtrirt. near G-M.ien Gate Park:
I new {-story bouse, 7 rorme a:nl bath; modern
' in every ress>ert; lot 23x124; t-ufy terms; call
; at branch office. Ninth ave. and H tt.
BALDWIN & ROWEL— : W Montgomery nt.
ADMINISTRATOR'S SALE.
: orrery wanted for following property:
1 (12.000 — Pays 17 per rent net; fine improve-
ments: Bush ft., Tiear Stockton; 2 frontages.
j $JC'.<VA— Income nearly 15000 i>er annum; fine
Imestment: close to Powell and Putter sts.
112.000— Hyde Et.. near Gutter; (rooU location
for fiats, physician or sanitarium.
l!u.«t be pold to close an estate.
BALDWIN & HOWELL, 10 Montgomery Bt.
I C42M RENTS JSJ !
Substantial I-story house en Buchanan Bt.,
rear HaigK; cortfains g rooms and bath;
Ftreet bituminized: cement walks: excellent
location: cheapest h^me in town. BALDWIN
¦ & HOWELL. 10 Montgomery st.
; "" ~
: N'KW COTTAGE TOUR OWN TERMS
Alvarado n., between Twenty-second and
Twenty-third, nmr Sanchez; 5 rocms, bath,
r>a>E-ment; larce runny yard: take Castro-st.
car?: payment* ?a»n» as your rent. BALD-
WIN &. HOWELL. iff Montgomery st.
LYON & HOAfii
HEAL ESTATK INSURANCE
114 MONTGOMERY ST.
H.yj} — Good bu*in»-?!= property near town; store
and flats: rent J4I: on main street, near
Ninth anil Felsam.
17.150— Rest $s3; an excellent investment at
the MltcKn; 4 flats and 5 houses; big
lot, €Sxli5. to rear street; houses ln
fine condition: modern plumbing; best
barpain offered.
$5.500 — A fine han<1*om<? nrw home In Park
Panhandle dlftrict; K large tunny rooms;
fine reception hall: billiard room and all
conyT.ience*; marble Fter.s, etc.
SS.71A— Fulton Ft., near Franklin: 3S:fixlI0 to
rear ftreet; fine residence on part of lot;
|.l«-nty of room for another building.
Ifi.OW—Rents JO; offer wanted; O - Farrell St..
not far from town; rochI Improvement* :
flats always rented; lot has double
frontage; thi« !« a bargain.
$S.OCi>— Splendid new home: very cheap; 2-story
house. 7 rooms, hath and all conveni-
ence.*; finished basement; lot 2."xlOO;
near the Park: J1000 cash, balance
monthly.
J5.00P— A great »nar: Page *t., n»ar Cole; resi-
dence. 7 large rooms: finished baso-
ment; sunny fide of etreet; lot 2,"xlC7:8.
$4,0CO— R.-nt 137: Guerrero Ft., near Twenty-
tliird: 2 flatF. 4 and 5 roomj; lots 27:8
f>-et frontage.
; tt.?-O— ti<i) cash, balance easy monthly i-ay-
mrnt?: new cottage, 5 rooms, bath.
*tc. : all latest conveniences; lot 2oxll4;
near Twenty-third and Noe st«.
TIANPPOMR FLATS SACRIFICED.
I10.7r,0 — Choice location in Western Addition;
close, to town: 3 swell flats; new marble
fteps; r.prn plumbing: expensive man-
tels; paying over T> per cent.
A RIG KNAP.
$7,r.rA_T5uFlness corner In best portion of the
Mifsion: rmi $70; stores and flats.
LYON & IIOAG,
REAL ESTATE INSURANCE.
114 MONTGOMERY ST.
W. H. cniM~(STcO.. 118 Montgomery Bt.
: McAllister 6t.. opposite City Hall; B0xS7:«.
i JU..<XA_Kddy M.. n»ar Leavenworth; sub-
\ Ftantial house: 27:6x137:6.
Potrero Mock: well located for manufactur-
1 ing or warehouse purposes.
Broadway, near Gough; 6 rooms and bath;
1 2:xl3n.
[ 18,800 ¦ -A bergain: Market et., near Church; 7
rooms an^ bath: £"xlOO.
I Two neat cottages of 5 rooms and bath each;
! liberal terms.
I $6.yn— Thirteenth St.. near Folaom; 3 fine
• fats; large lot.
j ts.:so— Ilartlett st.. near Twenty-fourth; 8
1 rooms: bath: 30x117:6 to alley.
j i.f,,wv- Second St., near Brannan; etore and
flat; 2:.x>n.
I tl. 700— Hampshire Bt.. n»»ar Twenty-third; €
: rooms: 2.".xlffl.
Jl.Wf>— I'orner Twenty-first and Colllngwood
j Bts.. "x75.
Jl.:.Vt— Liberty ft., rear Dolor»«; 2.vx!14.
J1.0"0— CottRgi of 7 rooms and bath; Sears
tt.. Ocean View: part cash.
SISO — 4, lots in University Homestead; 100x100
fl ::,O—Ivct« on Hryant st.. near Seventeenth;
1 SSxlOOi street accepted.
j Clieap lots on installments: no Interest.
j FOR SALE nr
HAWKS A: SKELTOK.
322 Montgomery *t.
$14,000 — Corner Turk nnd Ruchsnan ?ts. ; house,
12 rooms: vrell-huilt home, or can be
made flats and pay bier: large lot.
Jl.tXO— SB . cor. I^arkin and Ki'bert sts.: 41x62;
fine Flte for home or fiat?; very cheap.
J-5.DO0 — SW. cor. Grove and Devlsadero sts.; 31x
110; on main drive to Park.
Jl.C.'.O each for lots; Chestnut et.. near
Sto<kton; 22:llxlJ7:6; street accepted;
make an offer.
$17,000— HuKiness property: Flllmor* «t., near
California; rents $1450 per annum; never
vacant.
HAWKS & SKELTON. ZZ3 Montgomery st.
AN elegant home for your rent money, on Hoff-
man live., near -Elizabeth Bt., containing 5
rooms and bath, porcelain tubs. fin« mantel.
a.nd all the latest improvements; only" {£ block
from Twenty-wec.nd street electric cars. MR.
COTTER, resident a^ent.
Als-o 4 rooms and bath, on Hoffman ave.
JACOB HEYMAN. 117 gutter st.
s5rs— BUSINESS corner lot on California St.;
22:6x100. G. IL UMBSEN & CO., 14 Moni-
fromcry gt. ,
1225 BUSH— Xlce, large residence; could be
turned Into flats; very sunny; 30x137:6; call.
KKXV cottace: 4 rooms; lot 50x120; make offer.
"1st and Douglass Ets.
REAL ESTATE CITY FOR SALE.
O. H. UMBSEN & CO.. ~
Real Estate Agents.
,_ .„ _ 14 MontBomery st.
JCS.OOO-Rents $3600 per annum; 3 story and
bf^ment brick and Iron bulldins; lot
tuxio; to cloee an estate. Business prop-
erty In the neighborhood of Market and
„ -_. fansome B ts.
$2,900-Rents $3S4 per annum; near 7th and Bry-
„. .„ * nt ets.; 4 flat* and lot.
W.SOO-Rents $2630 per annum; Mission-it busi-
ness property; Btores. lodge rooms, halls,
»iisso_P^I Jd '. nK fur n»shlng:s: 60x132.
Ii3.s^o-l oBt st.. only a.rew blocks from Kear-
ny st.; 3 substantial 2-story houses of
7 rooms and bath each; lot 50x87:6; brick
foundation; could be converted Into
etore probity at very small outlay and
«< »r» R e made eood paying investment.
$1.0-0— Cozy cottage of 4 rooms-; handy to MIs-
Mon-st. care; w ni be sold on very easy
terms.
$1.200— Rents $96 per annum; cozy cottage of 4
rooms and lot; very cheap and will be
sold on easy terms; Mission warm belt;
ti —a?? nl ,? nt to sev eral lines of cars.
*L~>o-\ery cheap Mission home; cottage and
si eno-Rpnt ti A ; handy t0 *« veral <*r lfnes.
Jl.wo- Kents $144 per annum; near Pacific and
«¦» nf«_J; a!on sts - ; 2 flats an< i lot-
»., ouo— Mission home; large corner, near Mis-
sion and Guerrero Bts.; car lines; cot-
M »<w i?** Of .. 4 rooms and lot-
S-ZOO— Kents $2o2 per annum: 2 flats of 5 and
?•> */«_,• rooma ; "ear 13th and Valencia fits.
J..50O— \ery cozy cottage of 6 rooms and bath;
«7rvA_^f r *?? Sanche * »ts.; easy terms.
$3,000-No reasonable offer refused. Nice park
residence of 8 rooms and bath; all mod-
Nir" ' m P r oy e ments and conveniences;
*.; nnn_ri! e trie bells, etc. ¦ lot £5x100 feet.
J5,0O0— iKnts »o04 per annum; business corner
on fillmore st.; store and flat; good
by th e e SS c!t°v aUOa; b ° th StreetS acce P ted
$10,500— Kents $1CMJ per annum; Main street, ln-
h ,1 1 J arkIn : 2 houses of 8 rooms and
r, a - th ? ach; steam heater, etc. etc.; 40:6x
ifparateiy? aUey> WIU 8el1 one house
New Pocket Map of San Francisco County. 25c.
cif> h at e rrlces Of to b 8u ! i < t! IrrOtB ln a " Pam ° f the
Call and obtain one of our -Real Estate Rec-
or.ls which contain* a list of properties for
sale in every part of the city.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO..
14 Montgomery st.
INVESTMENTS.
too, 000— Splendid Market st. corner, 6S-3xlS76-
Inside of Van Ne*s ave.
$S5,000— 137:6x255; near Brannan and Second sts.;
a splendid property for manufacturing
or warehouse; Improvements rent for
$300 per month.
$20,000— Good Western Addition property; lot
57:2x120 to rear street; Improvements
rent for $105 per month; valuable lease
on Increasing rate for 20 years can be
had.
$17.000— A fine business property on best part
of principal crosstown business street;
pays good Interest; steady tenants.
FLATS.
$11.000— Three beautiful flats of 7 rooms each
near Fillmore and Hayes ate.; rents
$102 EO monthly; wide lot,
$5,150— Two new flats of 7 and 8 rooms: near
Park and Panhandle; rents $5; 53 month-
ly; wide lot.
$5.000— Two splendid fiats of 5 and 6 rooms; ln
best part of Mission, near Twenty-flrs.t
and Valencia sts.; always rented at $45
monthly.
$3.7CO— Two fine Tats of 4 and 5 rooms; near
Twenty-fourth and Sanchez sts.: rents
$37 50 monthly; this Is very cheap.
RESIDENCES.
$12.000— Two residences on Washington st - lot
60x137:6; rents $»0 monthly; offer \vant«d.
?7, 000— Residence of 9 rooms; Ellis st., near
l.jKuna: lot 25x120 to small street; this
Is a splendid buy.
$3,500— Residence, of 7 rooms; Webster st., near
California.
LOTS.
Pacific Helchts; corner lot; beautiful marine
view; full view of entire city: only 200
feet distant from residence site of Irv-
ing M. Scott; Just across the street from
Dr. McLean's beautiful home, a magnifi-
cent residence site: lot 45 feet front;
more frontaee can be bad If desired; an
offer wanted.
SCO per front foot; any size lot; Clay st., near
Maple.
$1,005— Lot 30x127:5; Clay St., near Cherry.
$2000— Lot 4«x!oO; near Washington and Cher-
ry sts.
$1,750— Lot 17x127; "Washington St., near First
ave. boulevard.
ICIO — Lot 23x100; California »t., near Third
SEND FOR LIST.
$750 Each; 2 lots, 27:6x114; north side Twen-
ty-flfth St., near Castro.
$1,000 — Lot 2ixl00; Hampshire st., near Twenty-
second; street bltuniinized.
Send for list Mission cottages, flats and lots.
¦ McAFEE BROTHERS, 10S Montgomery st.
MADISON & BURKE. Real Estate Agent^f
61'e Market st., opp. 1'alace Hotel.
Established 1868.
Post »t., near Jones; great future; lot 25:3x
137:6; sold to close an estate.
• $17,000— Fulton st.. between Polk st. and Van
I Ness ave. ; lot 50x120 to Ash ave.
$CC0— Capp St., near Twenty-third; rents $65;
fiats all rented; 37:6x122:6.
$5500— Laundry: well leased; Lombard it.,
near Fillmcre; 6S:9xl37:6.
California rt., adjoining corner Polk; lot 50x
S7:t>; rr.uet be sold to close estate.
$S0O0— McAllister st., near Laguna; rents $57-
lot 26:6x120 to Locust ave.
$- r ,0OO— Baker st.. near Sacramento: 8 rooms
and bath; ln perfect order; 25:6x102:6.
$2100— Bryant St.. near Seventh; I cottages-
rents $20; lot 20xSO.
$3600— Elizabeth, near Castro; store and flats-
rents $30; lot 25x114.
$4230— Octavia st.. near Halght; an elegant
lot lor modern flats: 37:6x100.
Offer wanted for an elegant modem cottage
home, 5 rooms and bath; lot 24x100. °
$3500 — Greenwich St., between Stockton and
Powell; good houpe and lot 25:9x100.
$2450— Cottage and lot: 23<J, near Diamond; 4
rooms and bath; modern conveniences; 25:l0x
$SO00— MlsFion-«t. property; partly Improved-
large lot; 64x183:6; street work all done- the
future of the property Is the very best; must
be told.
$4500— A beautiful Western Addition corner-
in the best part of the city; clieap.
$3250— Pleasant home In the Mission; near ISth
and Valencia sts.; 7 rooms and bath; must sell
MADISON & BURKE. '
t26 Market st.. opp. Palace Hotel.
VON RHEIN REAL ESTATE CO. (Inc )
IMPRO^ 3 D CALIF ° RNIXST -
$50,000— Warehouse In vicinity of Fourth and
Townsend sts.: 99x240 feet: two frontages.
$13.000 — Corner Green and Powell sts. : 70x70-
S-story building; rents $132. '
$12,500— L'nloD St., near Taylor; 3 modern flats
and rear house; 25:5x128:9; rents $97.
ISono— Ellis *t.. near Octavia; 25x120; house of
8 rooms and bath.
$7250— Van Ness ave., near Pacific ave.- 25x
100; house of 12 rooms.
$6£00— Grove St.. near Central are.; 25xlS7-S-
new three-story bay-window flats: rents $50 '
S6CO0 — Vallejo St.. near Mason; 48:l%xl376
with an L; 2 flats and rear house; rents S64 ' '
$6000— Folsom St., near Eighth; 25x90; 2 flats-
rents $4<. '
$.",250— California st.. near Baker: 25:3xS2'<- 8
flats; rents $12 50.
$0000 — Green st.. nenr Dupont; 16:6x30; 3 bay-
window flats; rents $55.
$5000— Rents $75 per month; corner two main
etreets. ln northern part of city.
M5C0 — Kearny Bt.. near Union; 20x80 to rear
etreet; 2 houses; rents $3S 25.
$42:0— Webster St., near Filbert; 25x100; 6 room
cottage.
$S751— Ellis St.. near Pierce, 3ftx75; cottage.
$3oC0 — Greenwich st.. near Mason; 46x60- 2-
stcry house of 8 rooms and bath.
$2900— Central ave.. near Hayes St., store and
'i rooms and bath: 2.'xlC0.
$1700— Augusts place, near Green; 64x20; i
fiats; renta $24.
UNIMPROVED. ,
jgftOO — Corner Guerrero and Fourteenth; 68x9S
$7500— Va'encla st., near 26th; GOxOO.
Corner Bryant and Twenty-second sts.; will
subdivide; &3xl00.
J4000— Church st.. near 26th; 100x100.
tZot*)— Fulton, near Klllniore: 32:6x137:6.
$3000— Cor. Waller and Belvedere sts.; 25x108-3
$3000— Laguna St., near Po?e; 2. r .xl00.
$27F>rt each— Post St.. near Devlsadero; 2 lots
30xn0— W. line of Mission. S. of Anny; 3 lots
J2CO0 — Waller ct., near Stanynn-, 23x100.
$1750— Corner Castro and Alvarado; 26:6x105
$1500— Sutter Ft., near Lyon: 3.3:3x100.
$15'0— Union Ft., near Pierce; 25:2xino.
tlOOO — Angelica, near Nineteenth; ZGx63.
TERMINAL CITY ~
OF SANTA FE,
POINT RICHMOND,
CHANCE
TO HAKE
EIG PROFITS.
New townslte of SANTA FE. Lots at
first cost now on sil". Houses are bein«r
erected, streets being graded and other
lmrrovamentf going on. ¦
Best opportunity to make money.
$10 cash,' $5 monthly. Onlj bonn
? tide town nt the terminus of the
great railroad system.
Look at. this Investment and
judge for yourself.
McEWEN BROTHERS,
US Montgomery St., Sole Agents.
$$C0— ALMOST iiew^ house; hard finished: 4
lanj* roonis; high basement;, lot 23x120:
fenced ; In & moat desirable neighborhood.
BOX 40SS. Call.
REAL ESTATE — CITY— FOR SALE.
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO.,
633 Market Street.
K00-MISSION FLATS-J500.
The rent you receive pays for the property.
Two elegant modern flats of 4 and a rooms
and porcelain bath, cement wash trays, pat-
ent closets. Market and Mission-street cars.
MISSION FLATS.
$3,000 — Henry, near Xoe st. ; 3 flats. 4 rooms;
rents |30 per month.-
$3,7£O— Rhotwell st.; 2 flats, 6 and 7 rooms and
bath; rents $33 per month.
$4,000— Make offer; Lexington ave.; 2 flats, 4
and 5 rooms and bath; rents 132 &0.
*3.&00 — 3 nne Hats of 5 rooms and bath: rents
$50; Twenty-third St., near Howard.
WESTERN ADDITION RESIDENCES.
$7.C00 — Clay at., near Central ave. : elegant
modern residence. 12 rooms and bath.
$7,000— Stelner st., near Fulton; modern resi-
dence, 9 roon:s and bath and laundry.
$6.000— Cole Et., near Waller: new modern res-
idence, 9 rooms and bath.
{6,000 — Scott St., near Sutter: modern resi-
dence, 8 rooms and bath.
14, i;o— Webster st., near Fulton; house, 10
rooms and bath.
WESTERN ADDITION FLATS.
$6,M0— Scott Bt.. near Oak: rents &5; 2 flats,
7 and 5 rooms and bath; all- modern.
$6,750 — Hayes st.. near Lyon: 3 modern flats,
7. 7 and 8 rooms and bath : rents $55.
$6,750 — Make offer; Qrove t<t., near Lyon; 3
flats, 6, 6 and 7 rooms and bath; rent3
JDO.
$7,500— Ashbury St.. nrar Waller: 3 tlats, 5
rooms and bath: ronts $67 00.
$9.500 — Scott st.: 3 modern flats, G rooms and
bath; rents J7S 50; make offer.
GIVE US YOUR RENT MONET.
and get an elegant modern sunny corner j
house of 8 roonis and porcelain bath, cement
walk; lot 27 by 114 feet; Interest i per tent
on deferred payments.
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO.,
638 Market Bt.
EASTON, "ELDRIDGE~& CO..
6IS MARKET ST.
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 13, 1W0,
At 12 o'clock noon.
AT OUR SALESROOM, 63S MARKET 8T.
HOWARD-BT. INVESTMENT.
Nos. 1116-18 Howard St., near Seventh; store '
with 5 rooms; 2 flats 7-8 rooms and bath; 25x90.
PACIFIC HEIGHTS RESIDENCE. LOT.
South side of Vallejo St.. 165 feet west of
FUlmore; 55x137:6; among large beautiful resi-
dences.
SOUTH OF MARKET INVESTMENT.
No. 231 Shipley M.. near Fifth; 9 tenements;
rents $58 per month: 25x75 feet; easy terms.
RICHMOND STORE AND FLAT.
No. 1313 Point Lobos ave., near Second ave. ;
modern store, flat 5 roonis; rent $25; 23x120 feet.
SHOTWELL-ST. FLATS.
Nos. 1010 42 Shotwell st., near Twenty-flfth; 2
modern flats, 6-7 rooms and bath; rents $31;
DUNCAN-ST. FLATS.
Nos. 135-37 Duncan St.. near CJuerrero; 2 flats
B-6 rooms and bath; rents $30; 25x114 feet; also
vacant lot adjoining; 25x314 feet.
FLORIDA-ST. FLATS.
Nos. 926-26^i Florida st., near Twenty-second;
2 modem flats, 5 rooms and bath; 25x100 feet.
CLARA-ST. INVESTMENT.
No. 24 Clara tt., near Fourth; front house, 7
roorr.p and bath, and rear house, 6 rooms; rents
$:«; 25x75.
HARTFORD-ST. COTTAGE.
No. t Hartford at., near Eighteenth; cottag*
4 rocms and stable; rents $12; lot 24:8 by 125 feet.
COLLINGWOOP-ST. COTTAGES.
Nos. 131-3-5-7 Colllngwood st., near Nine-
teenth; 4 cottages, rooms and bath; rents $50-
74x125.
SUXSET DISTRICT COTTAGE.
Nc. 621 K et., nenr Ninth ave.; house 7 rooms
and bath and basement; lot 25x100 feet; also
lot and stable adjoining; 25x130 feet.
i TERMS:
J2noO CASH J2000
Balance en terms to suit ON ANY OF THE
ABOVE PROPERTIES.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO..
; 63.S Market et.
NEW PROPERTY "
for salf. hy o. i>. baldwin & sons
22 Montgomery street.
$7,000— Third st., near Harrison; 25x90: two-
story house; should b« converted Into
store.
$11,000— This property cn*t $30,000; 73:6x63:9;
NW. cor. Lombard and Jones: IVi blocks
from Powell-8t. cars: house contains 15
roonis and large conservatory; lower
Rtory finished ln hard woods; furnai>e.
etc.
$4,500— Klepant SE. cor. lot: Masonic ave. and
Frederick; 45:6x125; fine view; street ac-
cepted.
S4.0C0— Van Ness ave., W. S., near Union; lot
33x105x125.
$23, 000— Corner on Geary. Inside of Jones; rents
$140.
$12,000— Corner on Seventh St.. H4 blocks from
Market; rents $S5; nearly opposite Post-
office.
$4.500— Post, N. S., near Broderick; 41:3x137:6;
two flats of 5 and 6 rooms and bath;
tents $36; room for two more flats.
$26,000— Water let on Beale, one block from
Market St.; 45:10x137:6.
$5, COO — Two flats of 6 rooms and bath each;
SW. cor. Jackron anil Spruce; 27:3x90;
fine marine view.
$1,600— Key lot, N. S. Washington. 100 feet E.
of First ave.: 27x127.
$1,600— Key lot, S. S. Jackson, 100 feet E. of
First ave.; 27x127.
JOHN PFORR. 403 Pine st.
Opposite Nevada Bank.
$S00O — Rent $7S0 per annum; 4 fine flats on a
coming business street; lot 50xS0 feet.
$S00O— Sacramento St., near Fillmore; a fine
3-6tory; 12 rooms and bath; conservatory, etc.
$3500 — A good 2-story house on ISth st., near
MlrFlnn: S rooms.
9 lots of 25 feet front each, on Thirteenth st.
and Clinton Park, close to Valencia st. ; will
b» sold Bt a bariraln.
$20.C00— Mission St.. JuRt east of Sixth; lot 43x
80. with 2 houses of 10 rooms each.
$10,000— Rent $120 per month: a splendid cor-
ner property: always rented: large lot.
$30CO— Rent $32; a double flat ln the front
house and a cottage ln the rear; south Mar-
ket st.
$3200— a splendid pick-up; rent $360 per annum;
Store and flats a pick-up.
$800— Rent $780 per annum; on Fillmore st. • 4
fine flatF; lot 50x80.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
We have secured choice Richmond anj Sun-
set Lots.
DO TOU WANT BARGAINS? CALL QUICK.
Convenient Electric Car Lines to our Lotb.
$300 to $S0O— Suneet Lots, opposite new Music
Stand; graded, only $10 monthly.
$400 to J700— Splendid Richmond Lots, streets
graded and sewered; easy install-
ments.
$75 to $250— Level Lots near Mission Electric
Car Line, only $5 monthly.
$500 to $1.000— Splendid Cottages near Cars.
Payments aame as rent.
SOL. GETZ & BROTHER.
Room A, Crocker liulldlng.
GEORGE M. WILLCOX, — ~
Real Estate and Financial Agent,
Attends personally to the purchase or pale
or general management of Rpal Estate, Includ-
ing the collection and remittance of rjnts.
328 Montgomery Street.
$18,000 — One of the most unique and attrac-
tive residences in Oakland: a magnificent
home, complete in every detail, superbly sit-
tiated.
EXCEPTIONALLY CHOICE CITY INVEST-
MENTS.
$12,000 — Near business center; three story
and basement brick bulldins, 40x70; pays 12
per cent net.
$7,500— Uroud way flats, lot 34xCO; pays 9 per
cent net.
$j.&00 — Howard st.; lot 25x50: Improvements.
WANTED— Mere Income producing property,
especially flnts. I have money to invest.
GEORGE M. WILLCOX',
32S Montgomery St.
PARK loti> for pale; west side of Ninth ave.;
north eide, near new Music Stand and
Museum; houses built if desired on e^asy
terms. JACOB HEYMAN. 117 Sutter st.
cT^cT~«EMI.S, Real Estate and General Land
Acer.t. 324 Montgomery Bt.
Make offer— Northeast corner Twenty-seventh
and Douglass tts.; must be sold; 80x114 feet.
$1600— North line Carl St., near Stanyan; 2Jx
127:6 feet.
ALL sorts of financial problems solved by H.
MUKI'IIY. 630 Market: 2d mortgages: estatea.
LOTS offered at half their value-Two choice
lots 25x120. on Eleventh ave.. convenient to
the electric cars that pats on Clement within
n i*vr steps every few minutes; crlce onlv
?12C0 for both." ca»h: all street work done and
ready to build en; lots in the same block are
mortified for *50O and upward; the actual
' cost of these lots was $2400: taxes will be paid
In full to next year: there ought to be. scores
of buyers eaeer for this eplendid bargain.
, I can arrange If necessary for easy pay-
ments or flat loan. W. J. GUNN.
B30 California. at.
FOR sale cheap: business property on Howard
- «t., between Fourth and Fifth.* Apply BEW
| Drill Co., Alameda.
REAL ESTATE — CITY — FOR SALE.
MODERN houses built; lowest prices: plans and
estimates furnished. Campbell. 1147 Mission.
MISSION cottage; 6 rooms and bath; large lot;
terms to tult buyer. Owner 413 Kearny at.
REAL ESTATE— -COUNTRY— -For Sale
AUCTION SALE.
THE LOS MEDANOS RANCHO.
Property of the L., L. ROBINSON ESTATE.
Comprising about 8000 acres of rich farming
land, located near Antloch, In Contra Costa
County, will be sold as a whole
AT AUCTION.
SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 22, 1900, at 12
i o'clock noon.
At the Robinson home place, Los Medanos
station, near Antloch. This fine ranch has a
frontage of several miles on the San Joaquln
River and is traversed by both the Southern
Pacific and Santa Fe railroads. The stations
of Cornwall and Los Medanos are on the ranch.
At the Fame time and place will be sold the.
town lots belonging to the same estate, located
In Antloch and New York Landing, In quanti-
ties to suit purchasers.
Intf-ndlng purchasers from San Francisco
should ret tickets to Los Medanos.
For further particulars see catalogues.
IiOVEE, TOY & SOXXTAG, Auctioneers.
624 Market St.. San Francisco.
ARE you looking for a profitable, well-cared- I
for home? Beautifully situated two hours
from San Francisco by railroad?
I have for Immediate pale 33 acres of fertile,
level land; 2000 almonds, 600 apricots, tome
peaches, olives and grapes: 7 to 10 years old;
comfortable 4-room house: good bam, gran-
ary, chicken houses, coops, trays; some Imple-
ments; good water, windmill and tank: rain
water cistern; situated six (6) miles eaat of
Antloch; postofflce, school and railroad con-
venient; title perfect: come and see it; It will
pay you: the owner is on the place. Address
box 62. Antioch. Cal.
FOR sale— At a bargain, new house, 8 rooms,
bath and basement: southern exposure: hot
and cold water throughout: near station: at
IJelmont: elevated: magnificent view; i5 acre*:
3 r"»sture, - orchard, 1 acre around house; all
fenced; barn and line hen houses; excellent
water supply: removing East, hence will cell
at sacrifice: investigate and make reasonable
offer. Apply to JOHN P. ALLAN. Belmont.
LEASE $200 per year; 4S0 acres; 70 hay: 10
creek bottom; 4"0 oak forest; house, barn, I
fences, fine creek: 10 photos. SAL8BURY; I
459 Ninth St.. Oakland. J
DAIRY and farm to lease — 1000 acres. 60 miles
frpin Pan Francisco, for a term or years; 90 ,
head of dehorned stock; dairy and cheese out- j
fit for sale to Intended renter If desired. J. .
N. KOWALSKY. Ill Battery st. •_ j
12 ACUES 1 mile from Lafayette: 3-room house, j
barn, 4 chicken houses, family orchard; price i
$1600: take $600 down, balance $100 yearly
payments. E. E. GEHRING, 478 Tenth St..
Oakland. ,
FOR SALE— Five acres best land ln the coun-
ty; one mile south of Gllroy; full bearing
orchard; place cost $1500; windmill, barn and
other Improvements: owner leaving. For
particulars apply to F. W. BLAKE. Gllroy.
Cal.
700 ACRES — 450 grain (ylfld, 12 aks tills season);
250 river bottom land: 70 alfalfa; balance corn,
beans and potato land; 3 houses, 4 barns and 2
granaries; fenced; plenty wood and water: 40
head dalrv cows, 4 good horses, harness,
wagons, plows, mower, rake. etc.. all nearly
new; orchard; orange, trees ln full bearing;
must be gold; no reasonable offer will be re-
fused. For further particulars address P. O.
box 163. Stockton. Cal.
MARIN Co., 26 miles from S. F.— $40 to %*Q per
acre; choice lands in tracts of all sizes; Im-
proved farms, chicken ranches, hay. grain,
fruit and vegetable lands: easy terms; rail
and water transit: good school*. HOME AND
FARM CO., room 2, 8th floor. Mills bldg.. S. F.
ACCURATE personal knowledge— each of the
2000 ranches on my SALE and EXCHANGE
list. More than all other agents ln this city.
N. D. SICKELS. the land agent. 6 Geary St.
STOCK and grain ranch for sale in Colusa Co. ;
1240 acres; $10 an acre; SCO grain, rest In hill
land. M. S. CHANDON. Marysvllle. Cal.
FOR fale — About 3 acres of land, near Colma.
San Mateo County. 445 Valencia st.
REAL ESTATE WANTED.
PURCHASE 10 to 20 acres land ln Sonoma
County; give locality, description and lowest
cash price. Box 4081. Call offlce.
IlKAL KSTATE TO KX'JHAAGE.
EXCHANGE] — Any person desirous of exchang-
ing ranch easily accessible to San Francisco
for a good H»0-acre improved rancho, unln-
cumliered, plenty of water, flntst climate in
Southern California, can set a bargain by ad-
dressing PARKER DEAR, EScondido, San
Dlejo County
TO exchange for San Francisco dwelling or va-
cant lot. 40 acres of gnod land one mile from
city limits; value $2400; property In Western
Addition preferred. Address P. H. COFF-
MAN, Tied Bluff. Cal.
FOR sale or will exchange for lots ln Alameda:
a choice new house of 8 rooms; will assume
some mortgage. Owner. J. H. YOUNG, 1313
Park st.. Alameda. Cal.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL. ESTATE.
HEADQUARTERS FOR —
BEST BERKELEY BARGAINS.
$1100— Comfortable home. 4 rooms, bath and
bas«.me:it; nice garden and orchard; barn: lot
50x135: surrounded by good homes, school,
churches and stores; within 2 blocks of 2 sta-
tiot.s and 2 electric lines; easy terms.
$1100— Good house 6 rooms, bath, basement,
etc.- on macadamized street, convenient to
Ashby station and electric cars; easy terms.
J17T>0 — Pee these new cottages; « fine rooms,
bath, pantry, etc.; lot 40x100; all latest lm-
pro\ements.
$2000 — Two choice bungalow cottages, entirely
new, 5 and 6 rooms each; both on Orove-st. car
line and near to station; these cottages are
finely finished and embody all the latest im-
provements lor beauty and convenience; termj
to *uit. H. D. IRWIN. railroad waiting room,
Lorin station; open Sundays.
J400— I'M CASH, balance $10 per month: fine 3-
room cottace ' in good order; good well and
pump; city water If desired: all sewered; a
few fruit trees. W. C. MORAN.
$850— $."0 CASH, balance $10 per month: corner;
lot 40x100: all sewered; hard finished; 4-room
cottage; all papertd; 3 blocks to station. W.
C. MORAN.
J100O-SEE this house: cost $1600 to build; lot
worth $W0; only $100 cash, balance $17 per
month: 7 rooms. W. C. MORAN.
$Ei>00— $100 CASH, balance $20 per month; new
5 and 6 room cottages; 3 blocks to ¦ train,
electric cars pass the door; tiled sink: porce-
lain bath; fine mantel; gas fixtures, etc. W.
C. MORAN, Lorin station, Berkeley.
IIILLEGASS Tract; all lots 160 feet In depth:
perfect drainage; accessible; only 4 blocks
from Dwlght war station; all streets sewer-
ed, traded nnd macadamized; the cheaoest
choice property In Alameda County. Apply
to MASON & M^LENATHEN, adjoining P.
O., Berkeley station.
BERKELEY Heights, JWO feet above sea level.
and only 2 blocks from Berryman station;
the terminus of the Telegraph ave. t-leetrlc
railroad ; an uninterrupted view of the bay,
Oakland. San Francisco and the Golden Gate;
streets sewered, graded and macadamized.
Apply to MASON & McLENATHEN. adjoin-
ing P. O.. Berkeley station.
B-ROOM house: 2 blocks from station: good
windmill, tank and well: fruit trees and gar-
den; lot 40x115; fenced; a bargain; price $1200:
S100 down, balance in monthly payments of
$12 50 per month. Take Berkeley train, get off
at U>rln and osk for RUDOLPH, PERKINS
H LYON.
NEW house of 6 rooms, patent closets, bath
ar.d pantry: hot and cold water: lot 50x150;
concrete sidewalks; Just 1 block from station,
•school or stores; price $2000; small payment
down and balance to suit purchaser.
RUDOLPH. PERKINS & LYON".
Lorin Station. Berkeley.
{2500 WILL build r new, complete, modern
liou*e of 6 rooms; lot EOxl23; Ashby ave., east
of Hhattuck. J. H. YOUNG, Builder, Ala-
meda. Cal.
ALTA PUNTA TRACT— San Pablo ave., 2
miles north of Berkeley; $150 to $230 per acre;
lots $C0 tn $I.*0 each: $."> a month: call fnr
maps. G. \V. HAIGHT. 4C1 California st.. S.F.
SAFE Investment for $7JC0: block of land favor-
ably located near coming Santa Fe Railroad.
Particulars C.WILLMOTT. 916 Market st..S.F.
FRU1TYALE ADVERTISEMENTS
KRU1TVAL.K REAL K&TATK.
Fr^KA~LE~i5Y~lir~A~PlJErTNER^
$s:0— Cozy cottage, of 3 large rooms and bath,
hall, front arid back porch, basement, etc.; only
3 blocks from local train: easy terms If deslrej.
$910 — New cottage of 3 large room*, htqh base-
ment: good brick foundation: .chicken-house,
etc.: lot 75x100, all fenced; $100 cash, balance
same as rent>
$10(10— Co ttnsre of 4 rooms and bath: station-
ary tuba, chicken house, fruit trees; lot 35xlC4:
connected with main sewer; only one block
from 1'ruitvDle ave.
$1050— New house of 4 rooms and hath, base-
ment, fruit trees: lot 50x180; splendid location.
tllOO— Cottage of 4 rooms and hall; good well,
windmill and tank: lot £0x130; all fenced; three
blocks from local train.
$1100— Sacrifice; modern cottage of 5 rooms
and bath, basement, etc.; lot 50x140; one block
from electric cars: must be sold; an opportu-
nity • worth investigating: IICO cash, balance
¦same an rent.
$1500— Modern cottase of 4 rooms and bath,
front porch, 7-ft. bailment, good well, fruit
trees, chicken houses: lot 100x123; all tenced;
ono block from electric cars.
J1000 — Modern 2-story house of « rooms and
bath; fine mantel; corner lot; n«ar station;
must sell at once.
" $1650— Chicken ranch of one acre; choice frjilt
trees; house of 3 rooms and basement; 'jam; 13
chicken houses, 2 Incubators, brooder»house.
chickens, etc. Far particulars apply- to ¦ •
U. A. PLEJTNTSR % Frultvale Station. Cal.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
BARGAINS ln Improved and unimproved Ala-
med* real estate ln all parts of Alameda on
easy terms. Alameda Land Company. 1200
Park St.. Alameda: 20 Post st.. San Francisco.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS,
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL. ESTATE.
?2750^MODERN Eastlake hotuV of 8 lance
rooms, bay-window and brick foundation; lot
30x115 feet: handy to Adeline, and Center iu.
stations; very desirable neighborhood; cost
S47OO; a ble bargain.
$1350— Cozy modern Eastlake cottage of 4
rooms, bath, bay-window, high basement, hall,
brick foundation: lot 37:6x132 feet; nice garden;
sunny front; handy to San Pablo ave.; owner
in New York authorizes this sacrifice; bis bar-
cain for cash.
$1600— A snap; fronts Market St.: central- lo-
cation; pair of flats, renting for IIS: lot 2AxlO7;
assessed for Jljijj; will carry )12u0 Insurance;
very desirable renting property; street work all
done; title perfect; owner oves $300 and wishes
to sell.
$2750— Store and 3 rooms, down stairs, flat of
5 rooms above: all in good condition: al^o rear
6-room cottase; will bring t» per month rent;
Llg lot: electric cars in front: handy to local;
t-a?y terms of payment or discount for spot
cash.
$4000— night down town; residence of 8 rooms; I
sunny corner lot. 40x100 feet; within 8 blocks I
of the City Hall: a very choice central location; j
reduced for quick cash sale. ¦ ;
GEO. \V. AUSTIN & CO.,
l'JOS Broadway. Oakland, j
NEW
HOMES
FOR
SALE
NEW
HOMES
FOR
PALE
NEW
HOMES
FOR ,
'sale
$4500 $1300 I
THE PAYMENTS are %:M to 11000 <lown. bal- |
ance on mortgage at bank Interest, will buy a |
homo on Telegraph ave ;
THIS .NEIGHBORHOOD is acknowledged to i
be THE REST IX OAKLAND '
THE HOUSE Is finished In hardwood oak :
and contains 7 rooms, bath, laundry and clcv»- 1
ets. The rlumbins Is all open nickel plated, I
consisting of three basins, two tolletx, porce- I
lain bath and wash trays |
GAS FIXTURES of the latest pattern j
BEAM CEILING and brick mantel In the I
large, commodious dining-room !
THE LOT Is 40x135 feet. On the west side I
of Teleirajih ave. Send or call at our offl'-e 1
for further information on this or other places, j
A. J. SNTDER & CO..
Real Estate.
4S7 Ninth St.. OaklanJ.
J1500— FINELY situated lot. 50x145, on north '
side Merrimae at., near Telegraph ave. BKL- :
DEN & COOK, Washington and Fourteenth.
$300—25x110; NORTH side Thirteenth st., m-nr
Center. BELDEN & COOK, Washington and
Fourteenth sts.
$8^0— FOl'R rooms and bath; high basement:
brick foundation; 1 block from electric cars;
10 minute*' walk to Fourteenth and Broad-
way. BELDEN & COOK. .Washington an-1
Fourteenth f«ts.
$250O-$2.',0 CASH, balance .flat; new ~S- room
house; porcelain bath and! tileO sink: gas fix-
tures and Fhades: cement walk.*: «ltuate<l
n»ar local trains and car lines. BELDEN &
COOK. Washington and Fourteenth tts.
FINE ?-room residence In best location; front-
ing on- city park: would take lot or smaller
property or irood country place in part pay-
ment. BELDEX & COOK, Washington and
Fourteenth »ts.
$150 CASH, $5 50 monthly; new 3-room cottage;
7-foot basement: fine large lot 256 feet deep-
price all told JtwO.
$7 50 cash, $1 60 monthly; '« acre excellent
land for Jl.V).
$15 rash, ?« 50 monthly; «4 acre Al land. $I3,>.
tZZ 50 cash, $3 monthly; *i acre superb land
for $350.
$" r , oaah. $11 monthly; 1 acre (more can be
had) for $475.
Frultvale. adjoining East Oakland: climate,
soil and view the very best: away from logs
and raw winds: near electric cor line and
wide boulevard. Call or send for circular. 4J5
Seventh St., Oakland; carriage free. H. Z.
JONES, owner.
A SACRIFICE.
A SACRIFICE.
A SACRIFICE.
A SACRIFICE.
S acres east if Frultvale: 4 blocks of electric
cars; finest soil Irv the State; land worth JluflO:
over $1800 worth of new Improvements 3 months
old: we offer It all for $3100; cheap at double
the price; only $750 cash, balance at 7 per cent;
wealthy owner recently planned for a home;
compelled to go away at once: time limited;
see to-day: a pick-up.
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO..
460-462 Eighth st-. Oakland.
IS HOUSES and cottages for sate, acquired by
bank mortgage that I am authorized to sell;
eaj>y terms: some same as rent; send or call
for what you want.
Ranches for sale from lOacres to £0.000 acres.
Thirty-page catalogue of homes.
K. E. BUNCE.
Removed to 952 Broadway, Oakland.
$4000— BUSINESS property: 2 rtorea and U-\g-
tr.g-house ln second story; rents $47 &0 month;
this property pays about 12 per cent Interest.
Apply nulckly to ALDEN CO.. 111$ Broadway.
$4CC0 PROPERTY for $K0O: $400 cash, balance
mortgage; house. S rooms, bath, etc.: mod-
ern: first-class condition; sunny; barn: out-
buildings; driveway; lot 50x120; location and
surroundings the best In city; close to trains,
schools, cars. etc. ; genuine snap and soon
sold; come early.
J. S. MYERS. 1002 Broadway. Oakland.
$o0C0 HOUSE for $3C00: $.:00 cash, balance easy
installments: new Colonial of 7 rooms, con-
taining all the latest features and Ideas to
make the Ideal home; beautiful location:
sunny: lot 5 feet above street grade: terraced;
3 blocks from local: between 2 car lines; sur-
roundings* first class; must be seen to be ap-
preciated.
J. S. MYERS. 1002 Broadway. Oakland.
OAKLAND HOUSES TO LET.
$30 — PRIVATE rooming-house, IS rooms; near
Telegraph ave. and handy to narrow gauge;
cood condition.
$40— In flrjt-class condition and neighbor-
hood; house of S rooms; handy to narrow
gauge.
We have lot* of other rlaces.
Se« GEO. W. AUSTIN * CO..
The House Renters,
1C0S Broadway. Oakland.
OAKLAND STORES TO LET
RARE chance — A fine store. Just finished, cor-
rer Piedmont ave. and Monte Vlata. for gro-
cery store, etc.: no opposition.' P. J. KLL-
I.ER. Florl*t, 481 Seventh St.. Oakland.
OAKLAND FU1IXITURE FOR SALE.
AN introduction to you from H. Schellhaas. the
furniture dealer. 11th nnd Franklin. Oakland.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
CAWFORNIA7~8327~near Poweli^Elegant~fur-
nished parlor suite, with room for housekeep-
ing, $G& to $40; other housekeeping rooms.
CAPP, 20—3 large unfurnished sunny rooms to
a Quiet family without children.
CLAY. 2421. near Fillmoro— 2 large unfurnished
rooms; upper flat; yard; water; rear; rent $7.
CLEMENTINA. 3C7— 2 furnished rooms: house-
keeping: couple only; no other roomers.
FIFTH, X3— 3 furnished housekeeping rooms,
$14; 2 furn. hkpg., $)0; single bed rms., $4, ti.
FOLSOM. S20 — Furnished sunny rooms; large:
for children.
GREENWICH, 85.',— Two nicely furnished rooms
for housekeeping.
HARRIET, 3, off Howard, near Sixth— Two
furniBhfl housekeeping rooms.
HARRISON. 731. nr. Third— 3 rooms; complete
for housekeeping; large yard: rent $15.
HOWARD, 940 — Three rooms furnished for
housekeeping, $9; aho single rooms; reasonbl.
JULIAN ave.. 102/ cor. Sixteenth— Furnished
rooms for housekeeping; also single. .- ¦
KEARNY. 1708— Nicely furnished sunny rooms;
prU'ate family; fine marine view.
LANGTON. 15. near 7th. off Howard— 3 neatly
furnUhed rooms: housekeeping; rent $10.
LIBERTY, 343- » larzo rooms to let; bath ana
laundry. 7 v,\ ''].- .'¦
MARKET. 102S— Large light room and kitchen,
furnished; fotdin* bed; gas: StO a month.
MINNA. 2S— Nice sunny furnished front house-
j kceplnjr rooms and single rooms; cheap.
; NOE. 1J3— 3 or 4 very sunny rooms; iow»r eor.
{ flat: gas range: grate: bath: $12: north Mkt.
OAK, 11&— Room furnished for housekeeping;
suitable for 2; reasonable; day, week, month.
POLK. 522— Furnished and unfurnished house-
keeping rooms; lent cheap.
POST. ?6C— Sumy nouseneepins suite?. $12 and
upward; gas range; water; binple rnjs. $7, $S.
POWELL. 1401 — 3 or 4 large sunny connectlnc
rooms for housekeeping: sink. gaa. bath.
SHOTWELIj. 70S-2 room* suitable for house-
kceplnz; hot and cold water.
SUNNNY-BROOK House. NE. eor. Gough.
Market and Halght — Furnished roonis to let by
day. week or month; also housekeeping; en-
trance 8 Cough st.
ROOMS FOR HOrSEKEEPIXG.
STOCKTON, va— Nice sunny furnished rooms
single and en suite, with or without board;
also llKht housekeet>lnK>
SUTTER. 42S— 3 desirable furnished rooms tor
housekeeping*; reasonable. _•
THIRTEENTH. S». near Valencia— 1 lartr^
front room complete for housekeeping; also
small roorn^ _
VAN NESS ave.. 401A— Sunny unfurnlshsd
roonm for light housekeeping;.
VAN NESS. 400—3 well-furnished connecting;
sunny rooms; tubs: large yard and urarderi.
VERY sunny unfurnished flat: housekeeping: 3
rooms, laundry. Cor. McAllister and Hyde.
WEBSTER. 1313— Two or thr« furnished house-
keejiinj rooms; reasonable. *
CLASSIFIED sdvertiiements and nubscrlntlons
received at Call branch offlce. I3P0 yillmore st.
A BRANCH otflce for Call ad»ertl»enients and
Fubfcriptlon* has been established at 1034
Valencia st.
ROOMS TO LET Fnrn. mill V-wktvkrtk.
A— BRUNSWICK HOUSE. IIS Sixth— Rooms
Be to It per nljtht. W 15 to 15 per week, and
lijrht housekeeping; open all night.
APARTMENTS, s'.ncle. suite: furnished: rea-
sonable. St. James, cor. McAllister tc Laguim.
KELMONT placeTs. on Seventh, near Bryant—
Sunny furnls^e<l room; Si month.
BURNETT. 142« Market (old No. 1364>— Fur-
nlxhed rms., suites, single; also unfurnished.
BCSII. 5:o (The Elk>— Chansed hands, newly
renovated, nicely furn. sunny rm».. II M to 17
week: 25c to tl SO night. MR3. P. RANPT.
BUSH. 717Vi— Sunny furnished rooms from $?
to !?«¦ .
CALIFORNIA. 82C, near Powell-Eleeant fur-
nished parlor nutte. with room for house-
keeping. $38 to $40. ,„.'¦' :-
CLARA. 1S5. near Flfth-J rooms: tenement by
Itself.
CI.IFFOKII. 104 Eil!». ccr. Mason— Elegantly
furnlsbed sunny rooms: prices reasonable.
DEVI3ADERO. 1S23— Sunny bay-window front
room: also other rooms: newly furnished.
ELEGANT sunny mema. single and en suite:
superior table. Almora. Mission and 20th sts.
ELEVENTH. TTr-l lars* sunny unfurnished
room, with bath: rent U.
ELLIS. 731 — Nicely furnished med!um-slz*d
r;»m: grate, closet, bath, fjas: reasonable.
FRONT Parlor, suitable for man and wlf» or
3 gentlemen: also single. 313 Taylor st.
THE SOUTHERN
NICELY furnished and unfurnished rooms;
terms very reasonable. 433 Fifth st.
GEARY, U37, between Van Ness and Franklin-
Sunny newly furnished rooms, en suite or sin-
gle: hot and cold water.
GRANO SOUTHERN, southeast corner. Seventh
and Mission sts.— Sunny rooms, en suite er
single; ladies' parlor: readlnc-rocm: elevator.
GRANT ave.. »1 (The \VelltnKton»— El-gantly"
HARRIET. 40, het. 6th and 7th— A large fur-
nUherl front room; rent reasonable^
MOTEL Francisco — Elegant suites: single; tran-
, slent: bath?. MRS. KINO. Turk and Taylor.
HOWARD. K^- Rooms from n week up tj Ji.
2."c ti II night : also housekeeping rooms.
1 HOWARIt. SS». cor. tth— Orlando House— N«w
i management: furnished rms.: suites or single.
IVY ave.. f.K»4. off Octavl.i. between Hayes and
' Orove Fts.-Furnished single rooms. $4 and. io
I per mouth. *
i JEP31E. 33S. opposite Emporium — Accommoda-
1 tl<-n for J2 visitors during the celebration In
I private family: terms reasonable.
' JONES. "14A— Sunny, uewly furnished room for
¦ gentleman In private family.
: LAS PALMA8. 18?> Market St.— Suite of J or I
rms.; private; bath: sin, rms; board optional.
i MCALLISTER. 424— Fine sunny rooms for 19
, persons'; near line of parade; nice house?.
I zzm '
! MINNA. HO— Nicely furnUhed sunny rooms.
; MINNA. 314— Nicely furnished sunny front dou-
, ble rooms: rea.ior.able^
! MINNA. <5ffr.'cor. Elgrhth— New furnished bay-
I window room. SI per week: transient.
' MISSION. «54— Furnished rooms for gents ln
private house: rent to and t6 P«r month.
i MISSION. 73J. near Fourth— Neatly fumlshel
rooms, day or week; block from Market st.
MISSION. «4S\,— Furnished rooms to let by the
day, week tr month.
' MISSION. 1K9, bet. Sth and 9th— Nice double
| and single rooms; reasonable.
! MISSION. 1330. near Ninth— I^rge furnished
room, suitable for 2 or 3 gentlemen^
MISSION. 1641B— Sunny iurnished single room
for gentleman ln private family.
NINTH. 13j — Nicely furnished rooms: gas. bath;
private family.
OAK. 111—1 laree rarlor to let; suitable for 3
I or 3 people; every convenience.
O'FARRELL. 20— Sunny furnished rocms ami
offices; elevator: electric lights: day, wk.. mo.
! O'FARRELL. SSt — Nicely furnished sunny
| rooms; modern Improvements; tel. Red 43£3.
PINE. HIS— Nicely furnished rooms to let.
POST. S27— Large front room: also one small
furnished: others unfurnished: reasonable.
ROSEDALE House. 319 and 3:i Ellis st.— Rooms,
night lac to IL week tl K to t4: open night.
; ROYa'^ HOUSE. 12S £JUs St.— Incandescent
i light; reading room, smoking room and ladles'
parlor; rooms, per nieht. Kc to Jt 50; week. 13
; to t8: month. IS to fJ9: elevator on office
floor; rooms with hot and cold water: bath«.
SHEKMAS Apartment House. 2S EUhth St..
near Market— Furnished or unfurnished.
I SIXTH. 136— Furnished sunny room*: stngl* or
j mites; also room* for llirht housekeeping.
j Tl'RK. S29— ; stnele rooms. I front: 18 50 and 18;
j u*e of bath: private family.
1 WEBSTER. 61»V-2 or 3 unfurnished sunny front
| rooms for light housekeeping: no children.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 23» Flilmors st.
! A~~BRANCH off.ee for Call advertisements and
I subscriptions has been established at 109«
Valencia tt.
CHEAPEST and best In America— Th« Weekly
Call. t« Dace«. sent to any address tn th»
United States or Canada one year for II.
iwtmre r<»|r1. _i^_.
ROOM* WAITED.
FOl'R -large unfurnished rooms In a private
family. Address 17^ Buchanan st. v
IF you want to rent rooms durlns hotldays eall
Trttwn *12. Examiner huildlnr.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
LADIES — Chlchester's English Pennyroyal Pills
are the best; safe, reliable; take no other;
send 4c stamps for particulars. "Relief for
Ladies." In letter by return mail; at drug-
gists. Chichester Chemical Co.. Phlladel.. Pa.
1 PILES— PETER FREILING'S olle salve, tl per
box: warranted to cure all cases of bleeding,
itching, external, internal or protruding
plies without fall, no matter of how Ions
stanrllr.fr. IStS Devissdero st. . near Sutter.
ROOMS papered from J2 50; whitened. *1 ut»;
painting rton*. Hartman Paint Co.. 219 Third.
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO..
4IR M*»nt*o?nerv nt.. rnom» 9-10: tel. SSfln.
SKWIXG MACHINES AN'D 51PPLIE3.
ALL kinds bousht. sold, rented, exchanged: re-
pairing lowest rates: open even. 205 4:h St.
BOUGHT, sold, rented, repaired, needfcs and
shuttles; reduced rates. 143. <th: phone Mint 45.
ALL kind* bought, sold and repairing guaran-
teed Om. PlimhwH. 1?15 Mls-mlon. nr. Uth.
STORAGE A.\D WAREHOUSES.
WILSON BROS., storage and moving; cohered
van Tenth and Market: phone South 7S2.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany S*.«) Fillmore St.: phone Jackson VI.
BEKIX3 Van and Storage Co.. TZZ Mission St.;
?»!. Main 184rt— Pscklnr. mormg and stora**.
JTPEWniTERS A.\D SUPPLIES.
G REAT^ARCAINS IN"TTPETrRITERS^W^
»ell bette« machines for less money than any
I house in the city; rentals. »3. The Typewriter
! Exchange. i3< California, telephone Main 1*5.
i ALWATS bargains ln typewriters; any maka.
• Write for prices to L. & M. ALEXANDER.
j 110 Montgomery st.
NEW typewriters. s:> down. Si month payments.
REVAT.K. VG Csllfornla st.
DIVIDEXD NOTICES.
DIVIDEND Notice— Dividend No. 19 t30« per
share) of the Paauhau Sugar Plantation
Company, will be payable at the offlce of th-»
company, XT! Market st.. on and after Wed-
nesday. September 12. 1900. Transfer books
tlo&e on Tu-sday. September 4. 13C0. at 3 p. m.
E. H. SHELDON, t^eretary.
DIVIDEND notice— Th« Giant Powder Com-
pany, Con. A dividend. No. 21, of eerer.ty-
flre cents (71c) per share on tha issued capital
stock of the company has been declared, pay-
able at th- offlce of the company. 430 Cali-
fornia et., San Francisco, on September 12.
1300. Transfer books close September 5. 13C0,
it nocn. A. A. SFARK3. Secretary.Journeymen Butchers.
Ban Francisco Lodge of the Journeymen
Butchers' Protective and Benevolent As
sociation will give a social in its hall in
Pythian Castle on the night of next
Wednesday. The association has extend
ed an Invitation to all sojourning butch
ers who -may be here during the days of
celebration to enjoy the entertainment to
be provided. •
e=ir=3HERE Is the greatest enthusiasm In
the Order of Druids In this city In
II connection with the Admission day
celebration. Everything has been
arranged for the display, which It is
believed will eaual if not excel
any made by ajiy of the other fra
ternal organizations. The floats are to be
very fine, and on tho first there will be
the following name*! to portray the prin
ciples of the order: Captains— A. Olmo.
Galileo team; G. Fontana, Aurora team.
Team— Past arch, L. Delucchi; noble arch,
B. Martini; vice arch, G Delcarlo; con
ductor. G. SabinI; Cinthus, F. Delcarlo;
Elvln, L. Guinasso; Octavlus. A- G. Ro
inaclatlo;' Roman soldier, L. A. Canepa;
Roman soldier. A. Parent!: instructor. P.
Barsotti; first assistant, C. Figone; sec
ond assistant, S- Delprete; bard ot noble
arch, F. Demartini;,bard of vice arch, A.
Riccornl.
On the second float there will be a group
of ladles to represent the groves, circles
and chapter. The following selections
have been made: Groves— San Francisco,
Miss Louise Baumeister; Eureka. Miss
Alma Fruebel; Siegel, Miss B. Baumann;
Perseverance. Miss Ernestine Godeau;
Ncrma. Miss Stella Soldati; Laurel, Miss
Edna Molinarl; Templar. Miss Ada Carl
son: Galileo.; Miss Clotilda Marengo;
Vat»co da Gama, Miss Mamie Frletas;
Golden Star, Miss Regnier: Manzanita,
Miss Amedee; Aurora, Miss Delcarlo-. Al
pini. Miss T. Batto: Roma, Miss E. Wea
sel; Oakland, Miss M. Klnne; Colma, Miss
C. Morgana. Circles— Boadlcea (Queen of
Druids). Miss B. Fabbri: Golden Gate,
Miss Lillian Beaumont;. El Dorado. Miss
B. Ritaliata; Boadlcea, Miss Hattlc A.
Brown. Chapter— Hartnagel. Mrs. J.
Nygrren.
Upon his return from the Supreme Grove
James F. Martlnonl, junior past noble
grand arch and now supreme herald, was
tendered a banquet by fhe officers and
past arches of Oallleo Grove. This was In
the nature of a surprise, for he was wait
ed upon at his home and escorted to the
place where the banquet was spread. Past
Arch Olmo was the master of ceremonies,
and after a first-class supper had been
disposed of he called upon the guest of
the evening, who gave an entertaining ac
count of the work done In the supreme
body and told o.f many pleasing Incidents
on the trip there and back. He also ex
pressed his sincere thanks for the kina
nesg shown him. There were responses to
toasts by Grand Secretary Graves P
Cavagnaro, P. N. G. A.; Past Arches A.
Olmo. J. F. Rossi. G. Lepori, A. Galli C
A. Mapistra, G. B. Cordano, A. Delucchi
and others'; also E. C. Luchessa, noble
arch; G. Valvo, treasurer, and G. Sablnl
conductor. The affair was a very pleasant
one — pleasant as a recognition of the ser
vices of a hard worker for the order by
those who have been associated with him
xt°u, th^ 9 nlght of the ffith of las * month
iSobl© Grand Arch Henry Lange. Deputy
Grand Arch Godeau. Grand Secretary
Graves. Grand Treasurer Horn. Supreme
Herald Martlnonl, Past Supreme Arch
Schord and Past Noble drand Arches
Chase and Wagner visited Perseverance
Grove. Thero were about 200 persons pre#
ent. After the business was over there,
was a. banquet and, a night of song ana
music. v .¦«•>¦''¦
Grove at its meeting last
Thursday night presented Frank Marlnl,
the junior., past noble arch. a. beautiful
emblematic charm In recognition o£ ser
vices rendered while In office, •
DRUIDS TO TAKE PART
IN THE CELEBRATION
DOMESTIC PORTS.
USAL— Arrived Sept 8— Etmr Rival, hence
Sept 7. for Wlllapa Harbor; put In here with
blade ot propeller cone.
POINT REYES— Passed Sept 8, at 2:30 p m—
Ship May Flint, from Seattle, for San Fran
clsoo.
BOWENS LANDING— Sailed Sept 8— Schr
Mary Etta and schr Newark, for San Fran
cisco.
CASPAP^-Salled Bept 8— Stmr Cleone, for
San Francisco.
PORT HADLOCK— Sailed Sept 8— Bktn Re
triever, for Ban Francisco.
TACOMA— Arrived Sept 8— Schr C S Holmes,
from Port Blakeley.
NEAH BAY— Passed out Sept 8— Stmr Mat
tea wan. from Tacoma, for San Francisco; Gee
chips Hera and Athene, from Tncoma, for
United Kln-dom.
Passed In Sept 8— Br ship City of Hankow,
from Honolulu, for Pucet Sound: schr W H
Talbot. from Honolulu, for Port Townsend;
Nor stmr Titania, hence Sept 5. for Nanalmo.
/ EASTERN PORT.
Baltimore— Sailed Sept 7— Schr John Mc-
Donald, for San Francisco.
FOREIGN PORTS.
CARDIFF— Arrived Sept 7— Br bark Inver
clyde, from Seattle.
HULL— Arrived Sept 7— Br ship Poseidon,
from Oregon.
DOVER— Passed Sert 7— Ger stmr Octavla,
hence May 13. for Hamburg.
MELBOURNE— Arrived Sert 7— Bktn Jana L
Stanford, from Port Gamble.
K1NSALE— Passed Sept 8— Rr ship Clan Gal
bralth, hence April 2S, for Queenstown.
OCEAN STEAMERS,
NEW YORK— Sailed Sept S— Stmr Minneapo
lis, for London; «stmr State of Nebraska.t for
Glasgow; Btmr Maa&dam, for Rotterdam; stmr
Campania, for Liverpool; stmr City of Rome,
for Glasgow.
CHERBOURG — Sailed Sept 8— Stmr New
Tork, from Southampton, for .New Tork.
GLASGOW— Arrived Sept 8— Stmr Carthe
ganian, from Philadelphia.
GENOA-Salled Sept 8— Stmr Kaiser WlUulm
II. for New York. .
LONDON— Sailed Sept 8— Stmr Mlnnehaha, for
* CHERBOURG— Sailed Sept 8— Stmr Fuerst
Bicmarck, from Hamburg:, for New York.
HAVRE— Sailed Sept 8— Stmr La Touralne,
for New York. ' -
QUEENSTOWN— Sailed Sept 8— Stmr Cym
ric, from Liverpool, for New York.
LIVERPOOL— Sailed Sept 8— Stmr Lucanla,
for New York.
ANTWERP— Sailed Bept 8— Stmr Noordland,
for New York.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
Continued from Page Tnirty-Nine.
HOTEL ABEJVAiS.
PALACE HOTEL.
R L Breck. Cal .
F W Bennett. Stanford!
F F, Wilcox, N Y
F Hawkins. 1. Ang
O P Beslanl L Ang
T Simmons, Tehama
T A Rico, Oxnard
\V Harrington. Colusai
It \'ariel it w. L Angj
R Varitl Jr, L Ang |
C Vari-1. L Ane
Miss Varicl. L Ang
V i Garna, 1'ac Grovo'
F 4>wanton, S Cruz
A Fro^llch & w. Cal !
Kd Miehod. Colo
W A Thurston. USA
F Barnos. Vlsalla
H Blackstone, Cal
J A I.ytnbach. Chicago;
A C Kains. Chidago r
C P Cote, St Louis
J Bcrgin & w, L Ane:
Mrs Chambers. L Ang '
K D Robblns. Suisun
A E Ennls. Fresno I
J Harrell. Vltalia t
Mrs Berry, Vifalia
Mrs Jackson. Fresno j
H Ahlers, Denver
H Slecel. L Ang
I> Williams. St Louis!
F A JudSOIl. N Y
A Chandler. Ariz
R W Sample. Texas
E J Every. Texas
<! C Royce. Chlco
K Ecker, Ohio
T S Ellis. Tacoma
Count rlc Faranond, !
Washirctmi
A Pav, Bakersflf-ld
II J I>ezo. Bakersfleld |
A Rogers & w, L Ang
Mrs Trowbridge, L A'
Mis" M Nool. L Ang !
W Kleckner, L Ang
O Homer & w. L A I
W J Hoover. L Ang
W K Young, L Ang !
W Hanson & w. Cal '
P Newmark & w. L A
M Blackby. Conn
E Chamberlain. Snokn
.Sdra Schlassen. L A
Mrs Taylor L Ans
W Warkamp, L Ans
J F Peters, Stockton
A Lcvlnsky, tjtocktou
A C Broile. L Ang
fJr Gall i w, Jackson
J Woolley & w. Chlgo
G Fiske, Woodland
B Frothir.gham, Boatn
J Gardiner, Boston
E M Peaso, Stanford
J Lewis & w, Mayfleld
A P Livingston, Ohio
J Williams & w, Fresn
E Smith, S Lorenzo ,
Mrs Knisell. S Lorenzo
H Ycrrineton. Stantra
Mrs Martin, S Lorenzo
M Power & w, S Loren
Mrs J Dorn. S Jos<3
Miss M Dorn, S Jose
C II Baker. Winters
Miss Baker. Winters
G Anderson, Winters
G M Eckwentzel, Pa
Mrs F Clauson, Cal
C M Sain, N«v
F J Brundace, Cal
II Gaskill. Oakland
II Brown & w. S Jose
K D Brocson, L Ang
T Clark. S Barbara
D Harmon, Nev City
Mrs BMdle. S Jose
J N Beose, Kings City
J Cullon. Frc.'Do
F H Cullon, N T
G E Turner. Nev
Mrs Donnellon. Sacto
Olive Donnellon. Ractn
J K Colman. N Y
A L Curtis. N Y
Mr3 Curtis. N Y
Hazel Curtis. N Y
J D Paxton, Uklan
E Churchill Sr w. Cal
W W Grcer. Sacto
Miss Johnston, §acto
Nellie Dunlap. Sacto
F R Foot*?. Mich
H Q Winters. Conn
B Warnor. Kansas C
Cr E Steiner, Cal
GRAND HOTEL
C F Heln!=m£.n. L Ang
Mr? KL Douglas. Pacto
\V W Douglas, Sacto j
\V Jereslan. Brentwd '
M J Wrisht&wf.Sacto |
Mrs K Maxwell, Sacto;
Mrs M Palin. Ventura i
Mlsa L Salaln, Ventura'
Mr? EM Wagner, Vent!
R T Heath, Cal
P S Jensen, Austin
I polomon. Austin
H G Lacy. Hanford
A R Morrison, Stanford!
NK Potter&wf.L Ang
WF Wlckenden, L An'
Miss X Wlckenden.LA|
Miss A Wlckenden, LA j
Miss E McKeon, L A
H Fletie Jr. Cincln
J C McMillan. Nev
J T Grace, Sta Rosa !
K E Maxwell. Sacto
A E Coolot, Sacto !
F Kimstring, Cal '
C Hoffman. Sta Cruz !
H W Perkins & wf. la
Miss H Dinwiddle.L AJ
Miss L Martdee, L Ang
W M Keller, Los Ang
J M Brooks. Los Ang
J N Woods. Stockton
R C Cooper. Eureka
T H Selodge. Eureka
I G Deadeach, S Barb
M Carlllo. Sta. Barb
r: O Wellock, Eureka |
J T ColTman. Hea-ldsbgi
W D Crlchton. Fresno
C N P Justy, Fresno
J H Seawell. Uklah
E Seawell. Santa Rosa
A Rocca, Lake Co
C Harris, Merced
W R Poad, Berkeley
J H Masterson6.wf.Cal
W J Barrett. Los Ang
A B Wltcher. Cal
GM Trowbridge, L An
O J Wood ward &w f ( LA
Mrs J H Ettleu & da,
Pasadena
W Lips. Los Ang
C, Star.sbury. L Ang
A K Holm«&w,S Jose
Mrs F Holmes, S Jose
LE Aubury&WiL Ang
Miss R Auberry.L A
MrsJR Jackson. Frsno
C E Flafffer&w.L. Ang
1 R Dasncy. Cal
H AVatmore & wf,S Jse
B F Durphy, Portland
MrsIVA Denker.L. Ang
L Oenkcr, Los Ante
Isabel Denker, L Ang
It L Ayers, Eureka
F Kunz. Fort Jones
Bertha Kunz. F Jonea
I-B Courts&w. F Jones
\V C Miller. Jerome
C A Carson, Los Ang
C Hoffman, Sta Cruz
K 11 Dewey, Los Ang
D Bottllla. Los Ang
H J Lelanhe. Lo& Ang
E Stewart, Cal
H C Llehtenberger&w.
Los Angeles
TA Fernandex. L Ajir
W H Flsher&w. S Jots*.
G Wiley, MartiriPz
IY Compton&w,L Ang
r p Fay & wf. L Ans
iTB I>ookweiler&w.L A
virsEA Mloerve&s.L A
V G Scholl & ivf.L All
A Francisco Jr. L Ann
:il G Jonep&wf, L Ang
V L Pmlth&wf.L Ang
5V A Hamm. Los Ang
r V Scott, Los Ang
VIra M B Scott, L Aji
T A Stephenson.L An
3 B Be«>be. I»s Anc
H M Muckells. TJkiah
E M Muckolls, Ukiah
<V J Vartel. Los Ang
5 C iAbicht. Los Ang
Wilson. Los Angeles
W A Ilammell. Los A
F R Strong, Los Ang
tl C Brown, Los Ang
2 S Jenkins, Loa Ans
H C Brown, Lc« An«
E A Delse, S Barbara
Mrs. Rader. It shall be the duty of this
committee to provide some entertainment
for the members on the second Thursday
of each month. The first of these entei
tainments will be given on the night of
the 11th.
Fremont Parlor will elve a reception
Tuesday afternoon from 2 to 5 o'clock and
in the ovening will give a grand ball.
Both events will be in Saratoga Hall.
Order of Chosen Friends.
Reports from the East show that this
order has taken on quite a boom on the
other side of the Sierra Nevadas. Supreme
Representative Gibson reports that a new
council has been instituted at each of the
following named places: Nobleville, Ind.;
Franklin. Ind.; Sprlnglield, 111.; Brooklyn,
N. Y. ; Orange. N. J.. and two in Texas.
This was done at a time when it was gen
erally conceded that it was "the bad sea
son" for work, as appears from the rec
ords for previous years. The supreme
trustee will soon pay a visit to West \ lr
ginia and Pennsylvania ana make a tour
of New York State.
Mrs. McStewart of Watsonville, a very
energetic worker for the order, has been
appointed organizer for the States of Or
egon and Washington.
Mrs. A. Hoehm has been appointed coun
cil solicitor for Golden Gate Council of
this city. T. B. Cunningham has been ap
pointed solicitor for Council No. 2.
Covenant Council of Georgetown Ini
tiated four candidates at its ' last held
meeting.
Medical Examiner Markell reports more
examinations from councils In the Interior
of the State than there has been for a
long time, showing considerable activity
bv the interior councils.
The council In Sacramento initiated four
candidates on the night of the 22d ult. A
banquet followed the admission of the
strangers.
Grand Recorder Wallls paid a visit Ia3t
week to Concord Council and he delivered
an address on the subject of advancing
the order. The council during the even
ing selected Thomas B. Cunningham as
council solicitor. He also visited Pacittc
and Social councils.
Foresters of America.
The anniversary dinner given by Court
Aurora was well attended and a line
menu was served. Jacob Label of the
American Forester Review presided as
master of ceremonies and discharged the
duties of that position with a grace that
was worthy of the commendation he re
ceived.
The visiting board is getting ready to
lay out wcrk In the visiting line to courts.
Deputy Grand Chief Ranger Healing
has. within a short time, rehabilitated two
courts, one at Los Angeles and the other
at Anaheim. The one in Los Angeles,
Court Sunset, is put on its feet again with
sixtv members, and Court Anaheim at
Anaheim with forty members. The work
of rehabilitating courts that have fallen
is the most ditflcult that an officer can en
gage in. Deputy Healing is to be con
gratulated on the success he has had with
these two courts.
Court Defiance is arranging a benefit en
tertainment for tho widow of one of Us
members, the late George F. Nichols, the
special policeman who was recently
killed by a burglar.
Court Ferrucio has secured a new ban
ner to display in the parade to-morrow,
it having decided to turn out In a body.
American Companions.
Last week Inter Nos Circle of the Com
panions of the Forest of America gave
its pigeon party in the Pythian
Castle. There was ?y very large attend
ance, which enjoyed the well-arranged
programme of dances that had been pre
pared. During one of the dances a pair
of pigeons were taken from a cage and
given their liberty, and the announce
ment made that any one present not mar
ried would be permitted to catch the
birds. It was also stated that those who
caught the pretty birds would be mar
ried within a year. The birds were
caught, and now the two who did catch
them are wondering what kind of mates
lor life they will have. Mrs. II. W. Brad
ley was Hoor manager, assisted by Mrs.
Emma Harrington. Miss Maggie Forest,
Miss Shea and Mrs. Shannabrook.
The-:lrst party of Martha Washing
ton Circle, which has been noticed in the
local columns, was a very delightful one
and one that will be pleasantly remem
bered by all who attended.
The regular meeting night of Bay City
Circle falling on a legal holiday, to-mor
row, the meeting will be held on Wednes
day next. ,
Robin Hood Circle at Its last held meet-
Ing had one Initiation and three proposi
tions. After the meeting there was an
agreeable social hour, during which a
toothsome collation was served.
Ancient Order United Workmen.
At a meeting of the San Francisco ex
tension committee held on the 25th ult.
there was discussed a great deal In the
interest of extension of the order, and It
was decided that the committee should
make visitations as follows: September
12, to Fidelity Lodge No. 135: 14th, to Her
cules Lodge Xo. 63. and September 25 to
Prosperity Lodge No. S09.
Last week the committee was with Val
ley Lodce on the occasion of Its open
meeting, which was attended, as already
noticed in the local columns of The Call,
by many of the grand omcers( district
deputies, visitors from other lodges and a
number of strangers.
Harmony Lodge on the night of the 25th
ult. Initiated twelve candidates and last
night had eight to initiate.
Prosperity Lodge had four candidates
at its last held meeting and will have
eight more at its next.
As a result of the open meeting of Val
ley Lodge last week eight strangers ap
plied for admission to membership and
several more promised to send In their ap
plications. *
There will be five drill teams in the
Admission day parade to act as guard
of honor to the float of the order — Pros
perity's team. Pacific, Capital, Enterprise
and Gilroy. This wnl represent San Fran
cisco, Oakland, Sacramento, San Jose and
Gilroy.
The Past Masters* Association had an
Interesting discussion at its meeting last
Monday night on the subject of individ
ual exertion by members and by deputies
In the propagation of the principles of the
order. The trend of the arguments was
in favor of individual exertion -— <1 !n
support there was cited the caso of Har
mony Lodge, which for a time had h"«n
dormant. <vhen suddenly the members
"took an Interest and in a very short time
Increased the membership o-> seventy-
five; also tha case of Excelsior Lodge,
which, by the Individual work of Its mem
bers, had secured a marked Increase.
The visit last week to Gan Francisco
Lodge by the extension committee and
grand officers was attended by a large
number of the members and visitors.
There were Interesting addresses by tho
grand master, deputy grand master,
grand medical examiner, grand recorder
and secretary of the extension committee
and a great deaj of enthusiasm was noted
as a result of the eloquent addresses
made. On* member, In speaking of Sec
retary Molloy of the extension committee,
said: "He exceeded any previous effort
In the oratorical line and gave a clear,
comprehensive and logical address."
The literary and mus-ical entertainment
that was given last Thursday night by
Excelsior Lodge In celebration of tho
twenty-first anniversary of its Institution
was largely attended nnd the programme
presented was a very enjoyable one.
There were, In addition to music and
song, brief addresses by V. H. Jordan,
P. S. M. W., and W. H_ Barnes. P. G.
M. W.
Independent Foresters.
Last Thursday night Companion Court
No. 324 of the Independent Order of For
esters gave Its first at homo In the Red
Men's building. The members were out
in full force and there were present many
of the friends of the members and of
those of Court Yerba Buena under whose
auspices the new court was organized and
Instituted. The affair was In the nature of
a reception tendered to the officers and
past chief rangers of the local subordinate
courts. There was a good programme of
entertainment, then ice cream and cakes
were served, after which there was danc
ing in the assembly hall. The following
wa3 the programme: Address of welcome,
K. A. Mack, D. S. C. R.: tenor solo,
"Dreams." Dr. H. M. Beck; selection "I
Long for Thee," Concordia Quartet. Ar
thur Lawrence firpt tenor. J. Stuart Mur
doch second tenor. Professor Carl
Schwerdtfeger first bass. Walter R.
Kndss second bass; recitation (selected),
J. S. Barnes; piano solo. "If I Were a
King," Mrs. Eveline Bernard, C. R.;
soprano solo. "How and When," Mra.
Juliette E. Mathls; tenor solo, "Queen of.
the Earth," Alfonso Gabriel; selection,
Concordia Quartet. The very delightful
affair was under the direction of the fol
lowing named: Entertainment commit
tee—Mrs. Lily Petroschka (chairman),
Mrs. Florence Barnes, Mrs. Mary Nevins,
Mrs. Lenora Werner. Miss Ella McCaf
fery. Floor managers — Dr. H. M. Beck
(master of ceremonies), Emll Petroschka,
Samuel Bernard.
Court Southern Heights will celebrata
Its eighth anniversary with an entertain
ment and dance in Shiels building on tho
night of the 15th inst. A very fine pro
gramme has been arranged by this court,
which is the largest in this city and one
of the enthusiastic ones.
Ancient Order of Foresters.
On the night of the 2Uh of August High
Chief Ranger Boehm paid an official visit
to Court Alcatraz of this city.
The fcllowfng night, in company with J.
B. Sanford. high sub-chief ranger, ana
George W. Lunt, high court treasurer, he
visited the court at Suisun, where there
was a congregation of all the courts of
Solano County. The court from Benlcia
came over with a band of seventeen pieces
and there was a grand whoop-up meeting.
Ten candidates were initiated. The last
named court has since the 1st of July
Initiated twenty-two strangers.
A new court will shortly be organized
In West Denver, Colo.
Last week the high chief ranger paid a
visit to Juvenile Court Star of the West.
The National Union.
The surprise for the week In National
Union circles will be the marriage, on
Tuesday evening next, of Miss A. Griffin
of San Jose to J. N. Bunting 1 , tho very
popular deputy of the order.
J. W. Cuthbert, president of the San
Francisco Cabinet. Is prominently men
tioned as a candidate for the office of rep
resentative from this State to the Senate
of the order. It Is also said that Laurence
Vincent would not mind going away, from
this city to represent the order inl the
councils of tho highest governing body.
And there are others.
On the evening of the 20th of last
month there was served In a Bush-street
dining hall an excellent supper to a
chosen number of the members of
the local councils, in recognition of
services rendered to the order during |
the past few months. The host was Dep
uty J. N. "Bunting, and there was a most
enjoyable time discussing the tine menu
presented. After the black coffee had
been served W. A. S. Nicholson, the toast
master, who Is extremely happy in that
position, called on a number of those pres
ent to respond to toasts. Among the
speakers were J. K. Field, Fred H. Hast
ings. J. N. Bunting, H. L.. Tickner and
H. Mass. The company was entertained
by Billy Hynes and by Professor Sichel, !
the first named amusing with story and
song and the latter with excellent musi
cal selections.
The attendance at the social given on
the night of the 5th Inst. in Odd Fellows'
Hall by the National Union Social and
Literary Club was the largest that has
ever been drawn together by this club.
The programme was an entertaining one,
which was appreciated. Then; was only
one disappointment, and that was that i
Captain Jack Crawford could not. by rea- j
son of an engagement at a theater, where j
he was to assume a part, respond to an '
encore. The dance was continued from 10
o'clock until midnight. The next of these
popular entertainments will be given on
the night of the 10th of October.
Knights and Ladies of Honor.
Last Tuesday night Bay City Lodgw In
itiated one candidate and received three
applications.
The progress committee of the order Is
arranging to have a "hustling; campaign"
in the near future.
I^ast Thursday night the local lodges
celebrated the twenty-third anniversary
of the founding of the order by a literary
and musical entertainment and a ball In
Union Square Hall. The hall was most
beautifully decorated and the attendance
was very large. The following was tha
programme:
Specialty. W. H. Hynes; barytone solo,
M. G. H. Frazer; address. Z. T. Whltten.
G. P.; song and dance. Alma Wuthrlck;
address, Mrs. L. J. Wheelock.. supreme
representative; soprano solo, A. Surprise;
good of order. H. W. Quitzow, G. S.;
comic recitation, William Sass.
The affair was under the direction of
the following named: Floor committee—
Jemey H. Aiken, floor manager; L. G.
Wolfe, assistant floor manager; L. Cohen.
J. H. Uchtman, C. C. O'Donnell. William
C. llearn, EX J. Stanley, Dr. F. Kemp
Van Ee, J. M. Ricketta, W. F. Bolinger
and Silas Orr; reception committee— Miss
P. Kaplan, Miss M. A. McDonald, Mrs.
L. B. Holcomb, Mrs. J. Nussbaum, Mr3.
Jennie Dinklage, Mrs. Xellle Dockery.
Mrs. Rose Carrington, Mrs. E. N. Bour
guignon and Miss Llllie Huelner; general
committee— Mrs. Frances Williams Mrs.
D. Mucha, Mrs. S. Davidson. H. FYledlan
der, A. Gompertz, Mrs. H. Worms, Mrs
M. Krebs, Mrs. I,. Fahrer.holz. Mrs. E.
Quitzow, J. II. Uchtman, Mrs. B. George
Mrs. A. W. llollnpeter. Mrs. J. Dunzwei
ler, Mrs. A. J. Budd, Mrs. K. R. O'Don
nell. Mrs. S. E. Akin. Mrs. F. Clod! Mr*
D. Kaplan. Mrs. M. K. Duncan, Mrs M~
Whlttcn. Mrs. E. Fitzgerald, J. P. Dock
ery. R. M. McLean, Miss I>. Bigrlar J a.
Colquhoun and Mrs. F. J. Meckf easel."
Knights of the Golden Eagle.
The smoker that wa3 given last week
by California Castle of the Knlshts of the
Golden Eagle was attended by a large
number of the members nnd friends
There was a -lengthy programme of mu
mc, song, recitations and stories, in which
the .principal performers were Bert )Ju
hem. Ed Burroughs, S. Roberts J t
Donlan, Fred Wolff, F. A. Mulle'r Clift
McClellan.Al Williams, G. B. Peterson
W. Fenstermacher, Sylvester Newman
and J. Carroll. Dariner the eveninpr the
castle received by -card Porter I>. Bliss
great chief of records of the Improved"
Order of Red Men. ; ¦;;
The castle vrill have a ladies* nlffht on
the last "Wednesday of the current month.
Latest Fraternal News
Order pf the Amaranth.
At the meeting of Crescent Court of the
Order of the Amaranth Monday evening
Charles and Crystal Wagner of Golden
Gate Chapter of 'the O. E. S.. Mrs. Amelia
Haas of the same chapter, Miss Mellisia
McConkey (worthy matron of Olive
Branch Chapter) and Mrs. Amelia Hock
of Mission Chapter were received by ini
tiation. Mrs. Ida Spence acted as conduc
tress and Mrs. Mary E. Donoho as Lady
Truth, assisting the royal matron, Mrs.
Jennie Abbott Graves, and the other offi
cers, in the ceremony of Initiation. The
officers were all praised in the highest for
the perfect manner in which they dis
charged the duties of their respective
stations. After the ceremonies there was
a first-class supper. Mrs. Ada btarrett
acting as chairlaay of the evening. Among
the visitors were Mr. and Mrs. Byce of
Petaluma and A. M. Bettes. associate
royal patron of the Grand Court of the
United' States.
The H-ebekahs.
Last Monday night Loyal Rebekah
Lodge Initiated several candidates for the
first time with the new floor work. This,
which Is very pretty and by many be
lieved to be a decided improvement upon
the old ritual, was performed in a man
ner that was a credit to Miss Emma
Braucr, the noble grand, and her corps
of officers, who were highly commended
by the members and visitors. On the
evening of the 17th inst. this lodge will
present Mrs. Jarley's waxworks lor the
benefit of the Odd Fellows' Orphan Home
Last Wednesday night Oriental Lodge,
after the routine business was over, had
a watermelon feast for tho members and
visitors, after which there was a guessing
party. Those present were at a loss to
know what that was to be. when one of
those present, more venturesome thanjLhe
rest, suggested that possibly those who
wore in the room would be called upon
to guess the age of the noble grand: but
he was soon convinced that he was in
error. A table was brought into the room
and thirty different kinds of articles were
placed thereon. A procession was then
formed and each in passing around the
table was to take a look at the article
and guess how many there were of each.
The first prize, a large cake, was awarded
to Mr. Derby and Mrs. Hanley.
A number of the lodges have already
contributed to a fund that is to be known
as the anniversary day fund for a hos
pital ward for the orphans' home.
The Elks.
At the meeting of San Francisco I^odge
No. 3 last week a. committee, consisting
of Messrs. Bonnet, Dunne. Howell, Reis,
Long, Louisson and Lawlor, was appoint
ed to secure new quarters for the lodge.
It is the Intention of the lodge to spend
J10,00() In fitting up the new rooms to be
secured and have them the finest in the
United States. At the meeting eight can
didates were initiated and three applica
tions were presented. Past Exalted Ruler
H. S. Manning has returned from his
Eastern trip of three months' duration
and has brought with him many interest
ing souvenirs of his extended visit. He
is all ready for work and will take an
active interest in Elkdom in this city.
Messrs. Young, Brown, Ottenheimer,
Sime and Kelly of this lodge are on a
vacation in Contra Costa County.
Portland Lodge has arranged for a
street fair, and from indications the lodge
expects fb enrich its treasury by about
$10,000. The lodges of Tacoma and Seattle
have each purchased 10,000 tickets for the
event. There is to be a friendly contest
between these two* lodges to see which
will sell the most tickets for the benefit
of Portland Lodge.
Santa Barbara Lodge has since Its In
stitution about a month since initiated
twenty-live candidates and has eight ap
plications to act upon. The lodge is pro
gressing well and expects to become the
banner lodga of the southland.
I. Goodfriend. a prominent Elk, form
erly of th'.s city, is in Nome and engaged
in the expressing business, employing
fifty men, forty wagons and about 100
horses. Samuel Dannebaum,' also a well
known Elk, is at Nome, and he writes
that he is doing so well ho proposes to
remain all winter in order to be on hand
next season.
The Native Daughters.
Last week Fremont Parlor of the Na
tive Daughters of the Golden "West
celebrated the tenth anniversary of Its
institution by a banquet given to the
members. The evening was most enjoy
able. Mrs. G. Handley, Mrs. Hltchin&s,
Miss Williams and Miss F. Barry ren
dered instrumental selections and tho
Misses Faure, Techau, F. Barry, G. Wil
liams, 'A. Crowley and M. Montague sang
sweetly a number of ballads. The follow
ing named responded to toasts: Miss A.
Kerr (president), Mrs. G. Handley, Mrs.
D Campbell, Mrs. M. Daniels, Mrs. O.
Hitchings, Mrs. M. "Wlrtz, Mrs. M. San
derson. Mrs. T. Alpln, Mrs. E. Hurd, Mrs.
E. Helgessen, Mrs. Barry. Mrs. M. Car
ter and Misses A. Goodwin, L. Kylie, M.
Hawkins, H. McRaith, M. Schultz and M.
Montague.
Miss Laura J. Frakes, grrand secretary,
has taken up her residence in the Native
Daughters' Home on O'Farrell street,
near Van Ness avenue.
Tracy Parlor of the Native Sons wlli
unite with Joaquin Parlor of Stockton in
the parade. San Jose Parlor of San Jose
will unit© with two of the parlors of the
Native Sons of that place In the grand
parade. The ladies have adopted a pretty
costume. ' ,
During the past week the following
named called at the office of the grand
secretary. Miss Laura J. Frakes: Grand
president of the Native Daughters Mrs.
Ema Gett of Sacramento, Grand President
of the Native Sons Judge R. C. Rust of
Jackson: Harriet S., Lee of Woodland,
prand trustee. N. D. G. \V.: Mrs. W; S.
Leake. chairman of the board of relief;
Mrs. H. M. Greene, Miss Boldemann, Nel
lie Berger. Emma D. Ralph and Mrs. M.
Derosier of this city, Mr. and Mrs.
Charlfs Ford of San Jose, Mrs. Lva
Nickol of Caliatla Parlor of Sacramento.
Mrs. Emma Munson of Piedmont ana
Irene Gillis of Woodland.
Mamie Ryan, grand trustee. Jackson,
and Mrs. Fannie Devlne of *Sutter Creek.
K'.iza D. Keith of Alta Parlor. Minnie
Kolly of Ursula Parlor, Charles Kelly of
Jackson, Miss L-illie O. . Reich inc .the
founder of the order; Mrs. McL,lllgott of
Mariposa. George F. Howard of gutter
Creek, Mary Howard of Amapola Parlor
and Jennie Collins of Maguefite Parlor,
Buena Vista Parlor has -appointed Its
good of the order committee, which con
sists of Alice Grimmes. Eva Phillips. Miss
Amedee, Miss^Boch and Past President
THE SAN JlRAJSXJISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTE1VLB15K v, lyuu.
Fifty wooden bridges on the lines of the
New York Central Railway will give place
to gt§el and Iron ' structures durlnc the
present year. -: - / :_<f
38
BIRTHS— MAERIASES— DEATHS
liirth. rntrrlaKe and death notices Bent by
tnall ¦»:!! r.ct im Inserted. They must be har.del
In at <:th?r of the rubitcatlon offices and !¦•
Indorsed with the razne ar.d residence of per-
• ors auihcrired to have the Earns published.
BORN.
GOLDMAN— In Snr.ta M^Ica, July 1. 1509. to
the wife ol T. D. Goldman (nee I>wyer), a
daurt-.ter.
CHENET- In thic city. September 3, 1900, to
the -n'.fe el Dr. W. F. Clicney, a <laug:hter.
CVKTTS— In sh'.s city. August 22. 190ft, to the I
•»-;fo of VTilUam L. i^urtin. a daughter.
HF.AXET- In this city. Aucrust 7, 1300, to the
wife of John Ueaney. a son.
JIORAN— Ir. tiiis city. August 25. 1900, to th« j
¦«-!fe of Terer.c* H >ran. a dauffhter.
SIT'RRAV— In thi>= <-!ty. Sertember T. 1900. to !
thf w:fe of Charles H. Murray, a daughter.
McCArTERY- In Pinole. September 1. 1900, to
tnf- wife nf Join McCaffery. a daughter.
JlAT>TSf:*K.Y— In this city, August SO. 1&00. to
The ¦«::> of 1>. D. Radgesky. a. daughter.
BOTAETER— In this rity, September 4, 1S00, to
tl.p ivife of John Sehaefer. a son.
6I5rPS<DN— In this city. September 2. 1X0. to
the wife cf D. 7. Siroi^on. a son.
BMTTHE— In this city. August 27. 1900, to tha I
v-!f>' r.f \V. H. Sir.ythe. a sr-n. !
MAKKIED.
APPI^r— 5HAPHIIO— In this city. September 2, |
1900. hy the -Rev. M. E. L*\t and the Rev. t
A. Enapero. father of the. bride. Morris App'.e j
and K.'.i'h Bhapero. br>th of San Francisco.
COHXr.IECH-nUEWUK-In this city. Sep- 1
tenter 2. ISOO. by the Rev. M. S. ttery, Ar- i
thur Cbhnrlech ar.2 L«na Frlediaan, bltth of I
Fan Frar. cisco.
ri!IEI.'UNDER- BERXJNXR— In this city. I
September 2. ISOO. by th* Rev. M. 8. Levy, j
Isador Fr.edliinder and Lulu Berliner, both j
' I Baa Francisco.
HAGEMAN'N— EXGELHARDT— In this city, j
September 6. I90Q, by the Rev. J. FMendelln*. i
Henruum M. Ha^trnar-n arid Oig*. Engel- ]
hardt.
IIILPKBRAND— 'U'ESSELL— In this city. Sep-
tember 6, lffO, by th» Iiev. J. FMende-ling,
J Jtob Hadebrand and Mrs. Ellse. 'W'eEsell.
KIN'G— STRATTOX-In th'.n city. August 8. i
1300, by the Rev. A. C Bane, George C. King
iuid Anna Ca.rr.pl)«ll Stratton. both cf. San
Pranclsco.
rrDEBSEK— CARLSON' — In Oakland. Cal.,
September 4, 1309. !¦>¦ the Rev. J. F % u"ndelinir.
}i>:.ry Mdm IVdersen and Mathllde Carl-
Boa, both ojt Oakland. Cal. *
EEIXHOLJV- WEHB— In this city, September i
f. 1909. by the Ber. Paul Eranke. F. H. Rein-
hold and Ajnelia. YVehr.
EIIEEHAN— PROCTOK— In tr.is city, Beptem-
btr 6, I'M', by Thomas F. Dunn, Justice cf
the Peace, iiichafcl J. Sheehan of Ban Fran-
cisco and Mary A. Proctor cf Eureka, Cal.
TVinXGAIiTEX— JACOBS— In this city. Sep-
tember C, l:<<>3, by the Rev. Joseph Winner,
l<e<:n Wetesuten and Frances Jacobs, both
of San Frar;c!sco.
WIESING— O'HRIEX— In Oakland. June 25. I
Jf-GQ. by Justice «C tb<» Peace Quinn. Louis C.
Wiastnc and Nellie A. O'Brien, both of San i
Frar.cisco.
~VTET>. ~~
Aibereu. Josl'.n B. Lewlljii, Carolina
Blagir.i. Antoinetta McClelland, Henry S.
Boudea. Mrs. Ann O'Connor. John P.
Burke, Jcserh M. Olsen. Tob'.aa
Coir. Mary A. Peters. Maxgaretbe
Crosett, Alfonso A. B. XV.
Jjugsran. Grace T. Ridley, Kllzabetn
FltzpcrjJd. Mary Kix. lira. V. A.
Flynn. llartaret A. Schou. Mrs. Ellta-
Grwn, Olivia teth P.
HanJey. John J. Erv«ranc«. Mrs. M.G.
Harriran, Kiorence BlIvertborB Rosabella
JefTers. Wiiiiara M. Yoss, John Jr.
Johnson. Annie C. il. Voy, Amelia de B.
Johr.son, Mary White. Laura E. S.
Johnston, ilarparet Zink. Fredolin
ICocns, ilary E.
ALEERGA— Aujust £3. 1?00. <3roTvned In th«
bay. Jc*lln B.. beloved eon of G. B. and the
late Antic Elizabeth Aiberpa, and brother cf
Oetavia.. Freddie N.. Aurelius P. and Herbert
Alberea, a native of t-:»n Francisco, ased 19
Sears I month and.^22 days.
CTTrler.ds and -acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
the <ialiforr.!a Undertaking Company. 4C5
Powe'.l Etreet. near I*cst. Interment private.
XJIAGIM— In this city. September 6. 1&00. An-
tolnetta BiaKir.l. be'.oved wife of Zeffiro B!a-
Klnl, btloved mother of Beatrice, Irene, Ethel
r*e*Lr!y tn3 Antoir.etta Blag'.n:. beloved daugh-
t»t of Horlndo and Ilosa. Biacinl. and steter
cf Josej-h. James. Adeline. I'Yack and Emma
Eia.gir.1. a native cf £an Francisco, aged 31
years 11 months sjid IS days.
CyFr'.ends and acguaintar.ces are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from her late re«i-
<5«iee, 4 Edith place, between Lombard and
Orrenwlch Ftre^ts. off l>jpont. Interment
?»>w Italian Omctery. Kan Mateo County.
BOWDES-la R«J Jacket. Mich.. Mr*. Ann
Bonrden, l>»3ove<3 mother of Elizabeth Ann,
Emily. John ar.d Richard Bowden Jr. and
Mrs. Mary J. Indsbury. a native of Engrland.
BURKE— Ji th'.s city. September 6, 1300, Joseph
M., eldest and J»arly beloved eon of Michael
«r;d * ICat»? H*:rke, end brother of George
Burke. Mrs. <". V. HctiipM, the late Mary A.
end L'.llie L. P.r.rke ana Mrs. George Aubcrtin,
b native of Fan Francisco, aged 23 years 4
rn'-r.th* ar.d "4 dsys.
CjTrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to atter.d the funeral this day
<Sur.day). st 1:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. £S2 Harriet etreet. thence to Et. Rose's
Church for services. Interment Mount Cal-
vary Cemetery.
CORR— In this city, September 6, 1900. Mary A.,
beloved wife cf Frank Corr. mother of Nellie
France* Varaey and Josephine Corr. and niece
of Owen btA Mrs. John Quinn and the late
J.rerr^ret Quinn. a native of County Tyrone,
Ireland. Reed 2S y«ars.
E7Frien<is end acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
< Sunday), at 12 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. &.',) Polr.t Lobos avenue, thence to Holy
Ctxas Church, wbera f-ervices will be cel«-
trcted for th« r«rose cf her sou!. Interment
Holy Cross C^motcry.
CROEETT— In 'tliin rity. September 7. 1900. Al-
for.so A., h'J!.band of Lyda Dibble Ctosctt,
father cf N&p'-er Mearr.s and Rix Dibble Cro^
fett. eon t>f Klirabfth I». and the late James
L. Crosett. orsd brother nf Mrs. H. D. Han-
lett and James F. and Edward F. Crosett. a
native of Boston. Mass., ag^d 50 years 8
IIEiNRV J. GALLAGHER CO..
C£ucc«CEsrs to FlannKin & Gallagher),
Z>ANICL P. DONOVAN, Mgr.
jrCNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMiiALMERS
£0 Fifth et.. crposlte Lincoln School.
Telephone South 80.
MAKKIAGE LICEKS3S.
The f-l:->v.lr.c irErriase licenses were Issued
yettprdaj :
Rt>5*:: 15. Csrr.fron. ZZ, to Manchester 6treet,
r.nd EttbW K. Colbraadt, 19. 9:'6 Noe street,
I^iuis Brattsoa. Zi. 3« McAllister btrt'et. and
Carrie ilarkwiiz. i:<. "4? IJnAilister etreet.
Frank IV. de Croix. ZS. San Jose, and M^a
J'i ¦«-«•!>, tl. h'ar. Jcse.
Thomas S. JJnr.-is, .'7. Sacramento, and Ell-
cabPth Uddlcoal. <T. city.
John V. J*:77.-n!. C3. SS2 Valencia street, and
J>T!j Tut £r 1 ben, 23. IZVi J'owhattan avenue.
WillUra CTulkshank. ?S. 132 Castro street, and
L'",!lar. C BehVjw. 2ft, COS Laguna street.
Thor.-.as A. Jtoo, "9. 2^1 Sfcond street, and
Uarcaret G, Dyaa, rj, 223 Second str«^t.
n°U!lua Henry. "-'. New York, and E>ira M.
V."a:-ner. 2P. Lc« Angela.
Enter* VT. Becker. 31. CC6 Chestnut »tre«t
cr.a IZ.2.T Cooper, 2S. <: C S Pever.tecnth street.
<'f.zrl<-M li. <>jrrier. SIS Grave street, and
Knthr>n B. Kiotz. 1*. e:-3 O'Farrell street.
Air. n W. I^oebel. 99, ISU Eddy etreet. and
Bess«r liaz'.ett, 17. I2C3 l-\>lsom street.
Paul O. I^eniay. «r». Treka. a-ni Maria Mc-
ITD'.an, "7, city.
>.nttiory J. Carfloppy. 27. Berke!*-r. and Mai^
chia A. Clark. S2. Aiameda.
Jacob Ni^'jla, SO, 47 ?acrair.ent» street, and
Mary Pnnkki. Ti. 47 Sacramento etreet.
P.-.N»rt A. I^ee. 0b. Pan Joss, and Orlena B.
B!^<-3, SO. Nevada Cltr.
'>.ar!es R. Zeh. C s , 12 Clara itreet. and
Hanr.a K. C Fishtr. K. Alameda.
CVr.rad A. Kuror. Z~, Vallejo, ecd Marie T.
Klttler, 29, Oaklar.d.
I.'.rn 1^. Fox, :;2. Lenaocre, and Vivlenn» O.
Larith. rT, Ltraoore.
Eirin Csse. £0, city, anfl Sadie E. Sauer, ?7,
city.
Iywis Ifmbon. E4. 11 Rcniiel place, and Ab-
fc!» W. Ho!Ior>«-ter, 4'. 1107 Mission street.
O*orre E. Bfr.s^n. 22. l~f*5 Buchanan etreet,
ar.d Hilda C. Vateea. 22. 215 t-eavernrorth Ft.
"VVaii^r P. Ilattr.n, I". 244 Mississippi Btreet.
an<! ?arali K Bamei. 1«. 3C Mic&ladpp! etreet.
Fytnpy P. Shirck. SO. ISIS Waphinrton street.
«n3 G*rtru<i« M. Ocld^tfin. 2.". Orortlle.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
\
Carpets
Linoleum
Mattings
Curtains
We've made a specialty of
this particular business for 32
years — we've studied your
needs and bought to satisfy all
lovers of good home furnish-
ings.
Lots of light; room to dis-
play, the largest line of pat-
terns. Expert drapers and
carpet layers. See the win-
dows.
215-217 Suttcr St., above Kcarny.
RAILBOAD TRAVEL. 7*
moutiii-.k* t'Attrtv rojirisT.
(PACIFIC MY*TKM.>
Tralna !«•»««• nnd Mrs «l»t«» tt» nrrlf* ai
,{NAS fit,* N«1N««».
(llaiit Line, ioor, of MarK^t Ssree*.)
lkatk — From Szptimber 12. 1305. — *p.?.:r3
*":©»»* BvniciA. Sujnu:i. F.Imira. VacatiUe.
Uuma'i »mi .-ncriiueum *7:»1?
•7:O«a Sb:«» KxDrf3»-I>aT^. WiUiaac3(fcr
-— Itartlett Bpllng»X Willows, !;• i
Biuff, 1'orUanO. *7:13p
*7:3Oa Slartinez. NiulUimin, V^liejo. .\'»,i.
t.'»lisuiEa»nd.Sai>ia Kuan •0:1.1--
•.<•:»« a Dktu. V, ,.u,:u:.u. K .;,i;ta LasUiog,
>Jarys»i:le. «>r»?ill~ •7:«.1?
•KiOOa Atlantic Ktpre3i— Ojlfn aud En»: "J2:IV
•M:»(>\ >*Uo«, Trjcy, lAilirop, Sfccktcn •i»:ta l
¦taitt Baa Ju— . l.iTi-nuoie, iu«il..n.
lime. S«cr«>in«tt». riao-niile.
U.uys«lll<-. Cltlcn. ttwlfihtll •!:».-»,
•»:3i»» O»k«ljif. Chinese, ftoii.ira. Carters... # l:l"»»
*0:OUa Hsjw^nU. .Niim*r)(l \\»y Station*. N !:;.>»
•UtttOA Los Anaeles Exprc-u — KHnloo,
Trmcy. l^»tl;rop. nuicSituo. MclCrd
ii"r«."i «> »ml Lus Ai:,; ¦ i-i •7:15p
•WlSOA V»!1,v., Malllll— ¦»! »V»y Station* ¦M|} (
•IO:OOa Thf Uv t TlaiHli,iii>i:e<i— <>;deu. Den-
Ter. O'uaha. l.'liicajjn '0.-4 v
¦II:OOa >>ii-». .-.:(>¦•»:¦ •,. llaai ¦inniilo. M»n-
<lot», Frrsu.i, ll*uforJ. \ n*..*.
Vv,rt.eiTii, o •!:;¦;,¦
•H:OO* Ij7erm'>rr. Santsr. Gpsben Juno-
tion, Cik?TsticUl. Lor Aeb?1k»
•I V:lt(»M lltjvrir :*. >!Ua»inl »'«»j a(»:iuci. *3i«.1s
ti»— r H««t« m»mn Bhwtimiwii...- f3o»r
•:tioop IUy»»r.U. Nil.»a«.i Wij ht«tloos. •.¦»!»,.
MiWtrHitllM*, mhii IUiiioi,. Valirjo
Rap*. r»li«'.n«i», .-s»iit» Ren., ..' 'Ujj^i
•lioor l!-mci», Wiaters. Hicumunto
\V.M»li»ii.i. K..i,iliU LauUiiie'
M:iry»ill>-, Orntillo ... .||,.i,,
•*:3Or SI; M . s»n .I.«e*.,,l StoStoi .IH1" 't'lZl
•3:«»fTh. Owl Uuiit-.i-IrBcy. Tttmao.
H.tker*t!e!<i. HftDgjoi (or &»iit* Bar-
bara, l.i i Aiiilelen. •in: f -.
•S:0O P Pt-H:«tI.n •Mai
•S:»^»r^•«w Orl-aos E»i rs»-li»kerifli:,i." ***2
HiuiW li«rli«™, Lou Angles. l>eui-
Int. £1 Puo, Nuw (>r!e»ui tuA
Kut •7«.ii
*Q:OOp Hayward*. Nil«« ami S*a Jus*...." »7i4.>t
tO:«Ur Vallejj. .' •la-l.-.l
•OiOUr Oriental AUll-Ogden. Cbejenna.
O:oalia, C'liic»c» *It:4". »
•«:00r OrisLtal llail-Ojdea. Den»er
OlOal.i. CbtafOt ', 'lil '.,
•7:OOf Hiles, Tracy, Lalhrop. Stockton " *13:15r
•7sOOr Oregi.i. aua UaliJor.ilA l-»i.r»«. h^.
r»:nent,,. M«rj»vi!|e. U«.l.lln B .
.- — l"»»tl«ll'l. PlIBBt ,-k.ll..«l Hid r.UJll *8l<l'i4
|St*.1p Valli-jo, Fort fo«ta «nj Y/a, h>4.
*'¦•>''» tl1.iio>
COAST l>l VISION (.Narroi* (ianst)
< Fo<»t of M:»rk-t; Street.)
J7: 15a Santa Cnu Eieuriion fur Maiits
Cnz mnd Principal W»y SU:ioD» |».O3 ?
•SiISa Xe>Tarli.Ueiitor»ill«.,Nau.lo«(,F<.!ton, '
ltoitlder Crrek..Santa C(ux au<t TV ay
HUtiona 'Biiif
t»il3r Newark, Center tIIIv. San .low, Nair
Almmieii, Fnlton, ltoii!<lqr Cr*«k,
Sauta Crux auti 1'iiucical Way
Statioua *l«in<>4
•4«l."»p Newark, Kan Jots, Xam Oatos tSifn»i
o*:l»f Olru-»oo-l. Folton. Hant% Crax «at8»A
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rraaSll faiXCISCO— f.«t *'. Markat Str.tt (Sin J)—
•7:15 900 ll:00».M. 11:C3 *1-W 1J.C3
M:33 |S:33 •6:33r.«i,
rrontOilUSS— fnl if Braid irij.— *(!.O3 8 00 10:00*11.
tI2:S0 "I:C3 t2:C3 *3:23 H:C3 «8:D3»JI.
COAST I»IT!SJ()M (llroa.Mianje). '.
('IblrJ inij To.»nneiip| 8U.)
t«:Il>< (looaii Vimr, Mor.tti .->«n l/.tucl«o.. 4«>S9r
17:Ut»» Sail Jo>« xu.l Way SUti.mii (.N.w
Aliiiailfii XY«>liiMiUyao»ly) *liSOr
{7:30a Sunday Excursion f r Sd.\ Joml
K»nta Cm; Paciflo CroT« ta 1
Principal Way .Station* 1Si33t
•»:••* Han Jour. Traa Vi>n.», Mauta Crux.
l-».-il!o limit. raa.> l^.hlr.*. 8an
l.nis Ohittpo, Kurf, Lompoo aud
l'rii-cl|>al IT«ym*ilDM »4iltT
*IO:IOa San Joss an.l Way Htation* ••.uSa
•ll::t«i» >.»,,.!,„- i., ¦-i; 1 r,,, ;ll i.iv.- 4 ,si,t!oiu ¦3i30r
t«rtSr Ban Mat-». ¦:. -i •*..,>.!. Menlo Park.
Pa!o A'i to. .Santa Clara. Man Jnaa.
Tres Pir.fj». Hamta ».'nn. Bilinaa. '
a!nnt«rcT ><>'< I'acIRe Hr.iD fl*tH«A
ta:3O P Han .loss a.Kl Way Stations •7iSi»p
MilSpfUnJowi!,, 1 . Princip»l Way Station* *Os45a
ti:ot)r8*'i J.»«, Lob livjs aud rrlucipal
Way SUtinn* tOifto,
•S:3«r ?an.I,T»«.aii.l Principal Way Station* 1*t3r»k
•«::»«»r S%n JiiKsaml Way Htatiuna <•:««»
6ll;4.^p San J»»>.»i.,l \\'»y .station* »7;g^
A for Morutnc. P lor Afternoon.
•Daily. t MuiMay eic«pted. J Suuday oalj.
b Saturday only,
a Saturday and Sunday. . e Monday only-
CALIFORNIA N3STHWESTERN RY. CO.
ZjESSEID
SAfl FRAHCISCQ AKD KGHTH PACiHS
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tiitiron Ferry, Foot ot JlsrSet Sfc
SAX ITRANCISCO TO BAN RAyAZL.
W1TKK DAYS— 7:30. »:I0. U:00 a. m.; 12:33.
8:S0. 5:10. 6:33 p. n. Thursdajrs— Extra tr;?
at 11:30 tj. m. Baturdays— Sitra trir» at Vi»
and 11:20 d. m. "2
SUNDAYS— S:0O. •:30t 11:00 a. m. r X:3O. »:3a»
t:00. <:2O x>. m.
SAN R^VJ^AETL TO 3AN* FRANCISCO.
"WEEK DATS-«:10. T:JO. »:20. 11:10 a. m. : 12a:,,
«:40. 5:15 p. m. SAturdajrm— Extra trips it
1:56 nr.A S:SS o. o.
BUNDAIE- 8:10. »:40. U:10 a. m.1 1:40. * «.
t:03. (:2S v. m.
Between Kan FYanalsoo and Schsetzen r».-«
tarrvo scsedule aa abov*.
Leave t In EfCcct. I Arrtv*
Ban Francisco. [Apr. IS. 1900.] San Franciscan
Week I Sun- I I Sun- I TVeel«
Day. I flays, f Destination.! dajra. | Day.
T:30am 8:00 am JToTato. 10:40 ajn| »:*) ana
1:23 pm 9:30 am Pctalsma, «:03 pm 10:25 am
1:13 pra 5:00 pm Santa P.om. 7:35 pm, *:20 pa»
Fulton. I
t^O "*" Windsor. hti:23 aaa
Healdaburx. {
Lytton. I
Ceyservilla. [
I;J5 pm S.*CO am Cloverdals. ?:JS pra; tiS6 pta
T:W ami J Holland I [10:35 «xr»
t:»0 pm! »:00 am[ and TJklah. I 7^8 pm! »:» m
T:S0a2S 19:23 act
IKA am GuerserrtU*. TiXS pa
1:30 pm IJOya
f :30 am S:00 am Sonoma »:16 am 8M0 an
aad .
1:13 pm 8:00 pm Olaa Elian. ttOS pml <JI •
T:30 am' 8:00 ami 110:40 amllO^S aa»
I:SO pm! 8:C0 pm| Sabaurtopol. I T:» pm| *:V) ;¦¦¦!>
Etaa-et connect at Santa Rosa (op Mark "RV-s-
Pprlneg and Whits Sulphur Springs; at ITultsnv
for Altruria: at Lytton for I-yttor. Springs; at
Geyaervlll* for Sicaccs Bprisza: at Clor«rdai<*
tor the — O»ysrrs: at Hoolacd tor Dun-'n
Bprln«rs. HiKhlard Bprlnr*. Kels>»rrina, Ca.rU-
bad Sprlrft, Boda Bay. LAkeport aod Bart>t5
Springs ; at rvtah for Vlcay Bprtnja, Barstor*
Spring*. Blue Lake*, Ijiurel D»ll Laka. Witts*
Bprlnss. Ui>p?r Lai*. Pomo. Potter ?ail«y»
John Day's, RtT«r3td«, LJ«rrli-y"a. Bucia^.I'a.
Banhedrln Helthts. HolMlla. Orr'a Hit
fiprtngi. Mandocino aty, Fort Bract. West-
port, Vial. WlUUs. LaTtonvUla, CnniTnins,
B»li'« Springs. Ilarria. Oltn'i, Drer. Baatlm
auid Eureka. .
Saturday to Honday ro-uad trtv tickets aa
paduced rates.
On Bun.'.ai- round trip t!c&ats to aQ pateta
f*«Tond Ban Ha.Vl at half rates.
Ticket office*. «30 Market *t.. Cnreidet* bide*
JK. C WHITINO. . R. X. RTAN,
i Otosral Mapassr. O»a- Pin. Artat.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via SausaMto Ferry.
Commencing April O, 1900,
FROM BAN FRANCISCO TO MILXi V.4XLET
AND SAN RAFAKL*
WEEK DAYS— 7:00, *S:30. 9:30. 11:00 a, rru:
12:45, «l:43. S:15. 4:15. *S:15. S:15. (-.40 p» m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and Saa
Rafael, on Mondays, Wednesdays. Saturdays
and Sundays, at 9:00 and 11:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 7:00. *S:0<>. •9:00. *10:0O. U:0«. U:S3
a, m.; 12:45. »l:30. 2:30. '3:43. 5:00. 8.00. J.2H
p. m.
11:00 a. m. does not run to Saa RaTa&I Sco*
days.
Trains marked (•) ran t» San Quentla.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAX FRANCISCO
WEEK DAYS— 3:35. •6:30. 7:50. 8:4,1. «10:U i*
m.; 12:30. 1:15, 2:13, *3:30, 4:30. 5:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at *6:45 and 10:2) p. n.
SUNDAYS— 6:15, «S:00. *):5!>. '11:00 a. ra. : «12 00 *
m.; l:C0. 2:li. -3:30. 4:30. ¦fed 6:43. 7:30. 10:21 I
p. in. __.
Trains marked (•) utart from San Quentla.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRAXCI3CO
WEEK DAYS-5:53. 6:43. 8:00. 8:53. 10:1) a.
m. : 12:33. 1:45. 2:43. 3:30. 4:50. 5:23 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
an4 Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 6:35. 8:05. 10:05. 11:10 a. m.; 12:1$.
1:20, 2:S0. 3:43: 4:55. 8:13. 7:03. 10:33 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:00 a. m. wetk days — Caza.de ro and way sti-
! t!on3.
I r.ir. p. en. Saturdays — Cazadero and way »*^.
tior.3.
8:C0 a. m. Sundays— Cazadero and way sta-
tions.
12.43 d. m. Sundays — Point Reyes and way
stations.
SANTA F*E ROUTE
TRAINS.
MARKET-STKZET FERRY.
Leave: Overland: I>an.v for Chlca- Arrtv«:
go. Kansns City. Denver
and all Eastern points.
Kl Paso. Oity of Mex-
ico. I*rcscott anri Phop-
r!x, Ariz.. 'BaJsersft^M.
• a.m.( Vlsalla, Tulare. Han- •p.m.
ford, Fresno, Merced.
Ftockton. Antioch. Sfand-
onl and Tourist Sleep-
ers to Chicaco. r»ining
car between tftockton and
Bakersfleld. [
Stockton Local: For S»n|
4:10 p.m. Fahto, Pinole. Mulr. Bay!ll:C5 a-ni.
Point. Ccrnwsi!, Antl-i
ch and Stockton. ;
[BakersCeld Local: For San
I Pablo. Pinole. Muir. Bay < A
I Point. Cornwall. Anti-
t p. ia.f orb. Stockton. Merced. t a. m.
J Fresno. Hanrord. Vlsa-
{• 11a. Tatars and Bikers-
" I field. Pleewra to Fresno!
I and Bakersfield. (
TICKET OFFICES: «4t Market at.
Ferry Depot, foot ot Market «t.. Saa Francisco.
ins Broadway, Oakland.
TROFOSALS.
PROPOSALS will be received by Reid Bros.,
Claus Bpredoela hldg., for delivering 1600 cu.
yards, mere or less, good earth on site W. G.
Irwln's residenoe. cor. Washington & Laguna.
PROPOSALS invited— Bids for providing and
'.rrtalHce a tewage rurr.pinK plant for the
Folsom prison, practically conforming to spec-
ifications now on fi'.e with the State Board of
Prison Directors and State Board of Eura-
Juers will be received by t-aid respective
boards ct the office cf the Board of Exam-
Jnrrs in th« ftate Cacitol, Sacramento. Cal..
until 2 o'clock p. m. of October 6, 1900, at
xvhich time they xv'.H be publicly opened. The
rifrht to reject any <;r all b:<is is reserved.
Copies cf fp'cificaticTis rr.ay be obtained from
ti^e clerk of the rtnsrd at Fcl;-om prison.
Eaoh Md Dual 1»> accompanied by a certi-
fied ciwek for J25W drawn on seme bark of
pood lo the order of It M. Fltzger-
eld. i.rpsirier.t Ptate Board of Prison Direc-
tor*, whjch cJieok shall be forfeited to the
Ktate If the bid which accompanies Buch
check Is accepted ar.d the party making the
h.d refuses t« enter ir.to a contract and exe-
cute a coo4 snu eufflclent bcr.d. payable to
the Suite of Califcrr.ia. In en amount to be
fixed by Ox Ptate Board of Prison Directors.
for the faithful iH-rformanee cf the contract
awarded. I>y order cf the State Beard of
Prison Miner-tor*..
HP^IXARD F. PMITTT. Clerk: of the Board.
tncnthi and 9 days. (Grass Valley, CaJ., pa-
pers Dlease copy.)
E7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
this day (Sunday), at 2:30 o'clock, at the
Third Congregational Church. Fifteenth
street, between Mission and Valencia. Inter-
ment crlvate.
DUGGAN— In this city, September 6, 1900, Grace
T. Dugean. beloved daughter of Philip H.
l>u?e:"n. dearly beloved and only 6lster of
Mrs. Kdward C Lasswell. and dearly beloved
niece of Mrs. Walter Gallagher and Mrs. H.
L. <3e Var.ll. a native of San Francisco, aged
20 years and 26 days.
CTFriends nnd acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
fSundav). at 10 o'clock, from the parlors of
H. F. Suhr & Co.. 1137 Mission street, between
Seventh and Eighth. Interment private.'
FITZGERALD-In \akland. September S, 1500,
Mary, beloved wi?e of Maurice Fitzgerald,
and "sister of Patrick Murnane. a native of
County Kerry, Ireland.
(CTTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to atter.d the funeral to-morrow
< Monday), -at 8:30 o'clock, from the undertak-
ing parlors of Beaudry & McAvoy. S73 Wash-
ington street. th«-nce to Sacred Heart Church,
where a requiem mass will be celebrated for
the rc»Fe of her soul, commencing at 9
o'clock. Interment St. Mary's Cemetery-
FLYNN— In this city. September 7. 1500, Mar-
carct A., beloved daughter of John and the
late Krldset Flynn, and sister of John, James.
William and Martin J. Flynn, a native of £an
Francisco, need 25 years.
ET'Kriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral th'.s day
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, ViZ 1'airmount street, thencp to St.
Paul's Church for services. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery.
GREICN— In this city, September 6, 1900. Olivia
Green, Moved mother of Junlta Green, and
niece of Mrs. Georglna Lar.dres. a native of
Ft Andrews Parish. KinKston, Jamaica, West
Indies, agi'd 42 years. >
E?"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
tFunday). at 1 o'clock, from Bethel A. M. EX
Church, pov.fll street, between Pacific and
Jackson. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
Remains at the parlors of the California Vn-
•iertaKlr.s Cr.rcrany. 405 Powell street, near
Posr.
/IANLEY-In this city, September 7. 190". John
J.. beloved husband of Catherine Hanley,
father cf Jo*l». Sarah. Estelle, Magfie, Ed-
ward and W.liiam Hanley and Mrs. Garrett
Huphes, and brother cf Thomas and Hugh
Hanley and Mrs. I\ Mulhern, a native of
New York Htate. aged 47 years. (Santa Cruz
papers please copy.) \
C2 r Fri<?n'1s and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
• Sunday), at 12:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 10 Harriet street, thence to St. Pat-
rick's Church for services. Interment Holy
<"rcE« Cemetery.
HAnr.lOAX-ln this city. September 7. 1900,
Florence E.. beloved daughter of Gecrpe w.
and IWtha. Harrican, and sister of Georgia
J. Harrigan. a native- ot San Francisco, aged
£ months and 14 days.
C^Frienrts *nj acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence of
the rarents. 1730 .Hyda street. Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery.
JKFFERS— In this city. September 8. 1300.
William M. Jeffers, beloved son of J. P. and
Annie E. Jefte rs, brother of Lillian and Ray-
mond Jeffers. ar.d jrrandson of Thomas F. and
Katherine Mitchell, a native of San Fran-
cisco, asred 22 ye-ar* and 6 months.
rn7"No"tice of "funeral hereafter.
JOHNSON— In this city, September 7, 1?(V>,
Annie (\ M. Johnson, daughter of th* lat<»
Pot^r iind Mary Johnson, a native of San
Franclfoo, aged ?,0 years 1 month and 2 days.
CTTrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invite.l to attend the funeral Tuesday,
Sept«nt>er 11. at 2' o'clock, from Our Savior's
S=candin^.\ian Lutheran Church. Howard
Ftreet. n>»ar Thirteenth. Interment private,
I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
OFFICERS and members of Jubilee Rebekah
Lodge No. 239 — Yru are requested to attend
the funeral of our late sister. Annie C. M.
Johnson, from the Norwegian Lutheran
church. Howard street, between Twelfth and
Thirteenth. Tuesday afternoon, at 2 o'clock.
CHRISTINE ANDRESEN. Noble Grand.
JOHNSON— In Golden Gate. Oakland. Septr-m-
ber 7. W00, Mary, beloved wife of Captain
Gust Jnhnson. and mother of Albert. Carrie
anil V.'illie Johnson, a native of Norway, aged
S6 years 4 months and 10 days.
cb^Kriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to atter.d the funeral services
this day (.Sunday), at 2 o'clock, at her late
residence, t'5S Stanford avenue. Golden Gate,
Oakland. Interment Mountain View Ceme-
" torv.
JOHNSTON— In this city. September 8. 1300,
Margaret Johnston, dearly beloved wife of
James Johnston, and daughter of John anj
Katherine Maloney, a native of San Fran-
cisco.
CyNotice of funeral hereafter.
KOONS— la this city, September 7. 1900, Mary
E. KootlS, beloved wife of George B. Koons,
and m< ther of Mrs. A. IV. Glass and A. W.
Keidler, Treasurer of Alameda County. & na-
tive of Cincinnati. Ohio, aged 64 years and
S months.
CTFuneral services this day (Sunday), at
1 SO o'clock, at her late residence. 114 Colling-
•w-ood fctreef. between Eighteenth and Nine-
teenth. Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
LEWLLYN— In this city, September 6, 1800,
Caroline Lewllyn. a native of Scotland.
cirKriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday) at S:15 o'clock, from the parlors ot
Halste-1 & Co.. 946 Mission etreet. Interment
Holy Cros-s Cemetery.
McCLELLAND— In Oakland, at 506 East Twen-
ty-third Etreet. September 7, 1900. Henry S.,
beloved husband of Mary M. McClelland, and
father of Harry, Howard G., Annie and Eliza-
beth McClelland, a native of Pittsbursr, Pa..
aged €7 years 7 months and 22 days.
O'CONNOR— In this city, at St. Mary's Hospi-
tal September 6, 1900. John P.. husband of
Nora O'Connor, and father of Bessie O'Con-
nor, late of 251 Tehama street, a native of
X'meralK)}-. parish of Rathmore, County Cork,
Ireland, "ajred 45 years.
[n;-rr;ends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral thia day
(Sunday), at S:30 o'clock, from the parlors of
J. C O'Connor & Co., 767 Mission etreet.
thence to Bt. Rose's Church, where a requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of his
poul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
THE ofnoers and members of Golden Gate
Ciumcll No. 34. Y. M. I.— You are hereby no-
tified to att«.-nd the funeral of our late
brothpr, John P. O'Connor, from the un-
rteruikinE parlors of J. C. O'Connor & Co.,
767 Mission street this day (Sunday), at 8
o'clock sharp. Fines for non-p-ttendance.
L. F. GL'EDET. President.
¦WILLIAM J. RILKT. Cor. Sec.
OLSEN— In this city. September 7, 1S00, Tobias,
be'.oved husband of Irene Olsen. and father
of Mrs. L. A. Sabey and Ger.rpe E. and James
T. Ol=en. a native of Chrlstlar.sand, Norway.
ag<-d f,r, years 3 months and 23 days. (Chicago
en<i Honolulu papers please copy.)
CTTriends afW acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
H. F. "Ruhr & Co.. 1137 Mission street, be-
tween Seventh and Eighth. Interment Cy-
prcfs Lawn Cemetery-
PETERS— In this city, September 8. 1J00. Mar-
garethe 1$. W., dearly belovM daughter of
Charles and Meta Peters, and sister of Ida
and Carl Pettrs, a native of San Francisco,
aged 3 years B months and 15 days.
C7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 3 o'clock, from the residence of
her parents. 602 Seventh street, corner Bran-
nan. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
RIDGLEY— In Oakland, September 7, 1900,
Elisabeth Rldgley, a native of Washington,
£>. C. a«ed S4 years.
CTFriends and acquaintances ar» respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 2044 Chestnut street, between Thlrty-
f.rst and Thirty-second. Interment Mountain
View Cemetery.
IUX — In Irvington. September S. 1900. Mrs. V.
A. Rix. wife of A. O. Rix, a^ed 61 years and
1 month.
(TTTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Monday), at 10:30 o'clock, at her
late residence In Irvlneton.
SCHOU— In th}s city, September 7. 1000, Mrs.
Elizabeth P. Schou. mother of Bethany Con-
frrefjational Church, a native of Pictou, Nova
Scotia, ared i* years.
C7Frlpnds and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 3 o'clock, from Bethany Congre-
gational Church. Bartlett street, near Twen-
ty-fifth Interment Masonic Cemetery. Re-
xnaJns at the Mortuary Chapel of the Golden
Gate t;ndertakinK Company, 242S Mission
street, near Twenty-first.
SEVERANCE— In Alameda. September 8, 1300,
Mrs. M. G. Severance, a native ot New York.
aged 67 years 2 months and 14 days.
E1L.VERTHORN — In Oakland. Eentember 8.
ia00. Rosabella, beloved wife of Herbert S1I-
verthorn. a native of Missouri, aged 32 years
ar.d 21 dajs.
VOSS — In Kort Rrasc September 3. 1900. John
Vos-s Jr.. youngest and beloved eon of John
a.nd Mary Voss. and brother of Mrs. L. Gil-
bert. Mrs. H. Jensen, Mrs. D. Grosscc? ajirt
Fred Voss. a native of New York, ac*J V.
years 6 months and 3 days.
ETFrfend* and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence of
hts rarents. 155 Douelaes street, between
Seventeenth and Eighteenth. Interment I. O.
O. !•". Cemetery.
VOT— In this city, September 7. ISOO. Amelia
de Bow. beloved wife of the late William H.
Voy, and mother of Annie K... Winfleld S.,
Florence A., Charles II.. De Witt C, Edward
L. and Genevleve M. Voy and Mrs. K. M.
Wood, a native of New York, aped 68 years
4 months and ZS days. (Brooklyn and New
York papers please copy.)
(^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 1605 Oak street, corner of Masonic ave-
nue. Interment private. Cypress Uwn Ceme-
tery.
WHITE— In this city, September 8. 1900, Laura
E. Sands White, beloved wife of Elbert L.
"White, formerly of Virginia Cltr, Nev., and
mother of Joseph R.. Clarence V. G. and
Elolse Bands White and Mrs. George W. Tay-
lor, a native of Canada, used 61 years 11
months and 8 days.
ZINK— In this city. September 8. 1900, Fredolln
Zink. dearly beloved husband of Catharina
Zink, and dearly beloved father of Helena,
Louisa, Georffle and Theresla Zink, a native
of Baden, Germany, aged 49 years 6 months
and t days. A member of St. Peter's Society,
Et. Boniface's parish.
CTTYiends and acquaintances ar* respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday). a.t 7:30 o'clock, from hit late resi-
dence, 12 De Boom street, oft Second, between
Bryant and Brannan, thence to St. Boniface's
Church, Golden Gate avenue, near Jones
street, where a solemh high mass ¦will be
celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing- at 8 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery, by carriages.
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY.
Leave San Francisco via Sausalito Ferry:
"WEEK DATS. ...3:30 a. m.. 1:15 and 3:15 p. m.
SUNDAYS.. .8, 9. 10, 11 a. m.. 1:30 and 2:30 p. m.
Fare San Francisco to Summit and return. SI <0>.
NEW TAVERN OF TAMAX.PAIS NOW OPEN
TICICET OFFTCBS <£1 MARKET ST..
SAUSAUTO FERRY.NTTTV TOP.K. Se-pt. S.— With the exception of
a :.-;:;,:.:. c Freoulation In eome of the special
ties, notah'.y rcople's Gas, Sugar and Brooklyn
Trar.elt. no particular Interest attached to the
fie&Ung*. The hotisJay in London ag-gravated
the dul!n»*s ar.d the weakness of the active
ept-eialtfes ir.adt the general tor.e heavy. The
lnuxndiaz etrlke of enihracltc miners had a
depressing influence on rentlment , generally,
though tb« coalem tbemnelve* were little af
f«-cted. New Jersey Central recovered most
of Its early decline and Reading first preferred
was not down more than a fraction! at »ny
i!n.t. Nona cf the other flocks of anthracite
EASTERN MARKETS.
New York Stock Market.
CALL BOARD SALES. .
Informal Session— December-No eales.
'Second Session— No sales. ..
-Regular Morning Session— No sales. .
OATS— Off erlngs are neglected and the market
18 White. *115©130: Surprise. $1 35<gi 40'; Red,
U 10@l 20; Gray. U 10®l 20; Black, for. feed,
si 1001 15: for seed, $115®1 20 per ctl. l
CORN— IS nominally^ quotable at $1 22H per
ctl for all. kinds, though there is hardly enough
here to make a market.- • - -• • ¦¦-...
RYE— <7%e i 90o per ctl. •"_ \
BUCKWHEAT-Nominal. : v v
CALX; BOARD SALES.
Informal Session-9:15 o'clock-No aales.
Second gession-No sales.
Regular Mornin* Session— December-10,000
ctls ?1 09*4- May— 2000. *1 14&. . '
BARLEY— There was not enough . business
yesterday to change prices, one way or the
° Feed. 70S72HO for No. 1 and 63®67^c for off
erades: Brewing and Shipping grades. 77H©
b2>4c; Chevalier, nominal. . . .•
"WHEAT— Chicago -was steady, with a heavy
pxport movement— better than, for some time
ami TOO.OOd* bushels were reported taken for this
account. New York was several fractions
firmer. .
Foreign quotations -were about the same. The
condition of tho British crop, September. 1. was
at follows: "Wheat, 87.6; Barley, £9.6; Oats. S9.3.
The. Argentine crop was reported In excellent
condition. ¦• ' '
The local market was dull, with a fractional
advance In futures. The Produce Exchange
utands adjourned to Wednesday, hence there
will be no more trading until that day.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, $1 03*i; Milling, Jl 05®
1 10. . *' '!¦.¦>_ - "
Wheat and Other Grains.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — »4 8tV4
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 gj
Sterling Cables - 4 89
New York Exchange, sight — <>5
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 07H
Fine Silver, per ounce — s;ii
Mexican Dollars, nominal 43»4 @ iv^
Exchange and Bullion.
Trading In " evaporated apples waa of tho
DRIED FRUITS,
NEW TORK. Sept. 8.— FLOUR— Receipts,
20,635 barrels; exports, 41,412 barrels; sales, 4700
srackases. Market waa slow but a little in
seller'* favor on account of th« firmness in
wheat. Winter patents, $3 75@4; winter
straight?, $3 45@3 60; Minnesota patents, %iy
4 80; winter extras, %2 70@3; Minnesota bakers',
$2 85f?3 25; winter, low grades, J2 45® 2 63.
WHEAT — Receipts, 43,830 bushels; .export,
385,470 bushels; sales, 1,980.000 bushels futures
and 40,000 bushels spot. Firm; No. 2 red, 78u
elovator; No. 2 red, 83c f. o. b. afloat; No. 1
Northern Duluth, 83c f. o. b. afloat. Options
opened steady and were strengthened by firm
ness abroad and rains in the. Northwest, to
which can be added the Influence of yester
day's larga export trade and a moderate scare
among local shorts. Closed firm at *g@V4c net
advance. Sales included No. 2 red; March
closed 83%c: May closed 83Uc: Septt-mber, 78Vi
@78ttc; closed, 78!£c; December, SO 9-16@S0;ic;
closed, 80*ic
HOPS— Dull; State, common to choice, 1839
crop. lOiglSc; old, 2,f?5c: Paciflc Coast, 1893
crop. 10©13c; old, 2@5c. .....
HIDES— Firm: California. 21. to 23 lbs, 18!4c.
WOOL— Dull; domestic fleece, 25^280; Texas
15<fflGc.
PIGIRON— Eaay; Northern. 14@16c; Southern,
15<5 lCc.
COPPER— Quiet : brokers' price, $16 75.
LEAD— Brokers' price, M- * . , :
TIN —Plates, dull; epot, dull.
COFFEE— Spot Rio barely steady; No. '7 In
voice, 7%c: mild, quiet; Cordova, «%ffZ14c. Fu
tures closed quiet at lowest point, 15@2O points
net decline. Total sales were lft.SOO bags, in
cluding: September. |7 15@7 20; October. *7 25;
November. $7 30f 7 S5; December, $7 43; March,
$7 60@7 60. «#¦••¦ . .
SUGAR— Raw, firm: fair refining. 4%c: cen
trifugal. »« teot. 4 l»-16e; molassen sugar. 4c.
Refined, firm; No. 6. 6.60c; No. 7. 6.E0c: No. 8,
6.40c; No: 9. 5.30c; No. 10, 6.25c; No. 11, 5.25c;
No. 12. 5.20c: No. 13. 5.16a;. No. 14. 5.15c; stand
ard A, 5.65c: confectioners' A, 6.95c; mold A.
«.40e; cut loaf. 0.55c: crushed. -6.55c; powdered,
0.25c: granulated, 6.15c; cubes, 6.30c.
BUTTER— Receipts, 3373 packages: weak.
Creamery. 17{?21'/4c; Juno creamery, 20@21Hc;
factory. 14@16Hc. '
EGGS— Receipt*. 4881 packages: firm. West
ern. . rerular packing- at mark. 19®16c; West
ern. los« off, 17@18o. -./ - ¦..-.:
T\COMA — Sailed Sept 8 — Bktn Katl« FUck
lnser. for Manzanlllo.
Arrived S«pt *— Schr Meteor, from Honolulu.
BAN DON— Sailed Sept 7— Schr Joseph and
Henrv. for San Francisco.
PORT GAMBLE— Sailed Sept 8— Bktn SXaglt.
°SEA^rTLE-^Saile<l Sept 7— Stmr Humboldt.
for Skacuay. ¦
Arrived Sept 7— Tug Tatoosn, hence Sept 4.
c ent «— f?r mmr Port Albert, from Nagasaki.
N"=rW WMATOOM— Sailed Sept 7— Schr Mil
dred, fnr Son Frnncisco.
COOS BAY— Sailed Sept 7— Stmr Arcata. for
San Franci?c».
PORT TOWN SEND— Passed Inward Sept *—
Br stmr Port Albert, from Nagasaki.
Arrived Sert S — Britt Gevena. from Xome.
Arrived Sept S— Br bark Pjrenees. from
Ehanrhai. ¦ ¦ •
EUREKA-Salled Sopt 8— Strar Arcata. tor
San Francisco.
Arrived Sept S — Stmr Eureka. henc« Sapt 7.
Sailed Sept S— Stmr Pasadena, for San Pedro.
K3ME3T1C PORTS
The Er ihlp Auldglrth. at Montevideo. h*»
be*n chartered to bring the cargo of th« Br
ship Mlstley Hall to Fan Francisco.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. Sept 8. 10 p tn— Weather
foggy: wind NW, velocity 20 miles.
MISCELLANEOUS
SPOKEN*
Sept 4. lat 51 N. lon 10 W— Br ship Clan Qal
bralih, hence April 26. for Queenstown.
Saturday. Seotetnb«r J.
Ptmr Crescent City. Stockfleth. Crescent Cltr.
Ptmr Eir.Dlrc. Mageen. Coos Bay.
Stmr Acapuleo, Russell. Panama.
Stmr TTmatUla, Cousins. Victoria, eto.
Stmr Newsboy. Hlgsrlns. U*al.
Nor stmr Tellus, Pederson, Chemainu*.
Br stmr Bristol. Mctntyre. Comox.
T*r shin Fincal. Archer. London.
Bark Le-»1 G Bur^e**. TounRsrren. Tvetna.
Haw bark Roderick Dhu. Johnson. Hllo.
Bktn Geo C Perkins, Maas. Eureka.
Schr Allen A. Iverson. Manzanlllo.
SAILED.
• Saturday. 8«rtMnber S.
Stmr Pomona. Shea, Eureka; Goodall. P«p
1 rmatlHa. Cousins. Victoria and Pugr»t
Sound Ports: Goodall. PerlcJns * <£. „_,
Stmr Acapulco. Russell, Panama; P&dSo itatl
Stmr° Corona, Glelow, San D!er>: Oo<xlall.
ITtmr'czarlna. Seaman. SeatUo^E T Krus#.
Etmr State of California. Case. A»torla:
Goodall. Perkins & Co.
Ger stmr Eva, Peterson. Comox: R A Gr»-
stmr TWlus. Pedenen. Chemainns: R
eSS voW. SchTyd.r.. Port Artt-or.
via Welhalwei: American Trading Co.
Bark Olympic. Glbbs. Honolulu; Williams.
I> H* r w d bfrk Roderick IMxu. Johnson. Hllo: 3
Kellossr. Iversen. T&Utl; J Flaet
Sc^r Allen A. Iversen, iTanranlllo; Eddy.
Schr'w'K Je'wett. Johnson. Klawack: Alaska
E & T & P Co. _ _
CLEARED.
Saturday. September S.
Stmr Corona, G'.elow, 60 hours from Saa
DWo and way ports.
Stmr Pomona. Shea. 'IS hours from Eureka.
Stmr Brunswick. Andresen. 33 hours from
& Stn£ e< NWtl» Fork. McLellan. 24 hour, fxora
Stm* Luella, Miller. 41 hours from Port Loi
Stmr Greenwood. Farerlund. 13 hours from
C1 Stmr" Afognak. Muller. 9 days from Kvluk.
Ship May Flint. Woodslde. ( days from Se-
U Br ship Lanrlston. Latta. 1S2 days from Ham
burg via South Shields 143 days.
Bark Vldette. IXxId. 9 days from Olympla.
Bktn Willie R Hume, Pederson, D days from
Bristol Bay. "
Schr Lillebonne. Hansen. M days from MoUl
far.ua.
ARRIVED.
Shipping Intelligence.
Continued on Paga Thirty-Eight,
Cal-st Cab SS.116H — |°ak W gntd 5s — .1M
C C Water 5s.lO6\i — Oceanic S Co.. 107 107H
Ed L&P 6s..l23', a — dm V Kv im.. ..u» —
K & Cl Ry 6s.. — — Pac G ImD 4s. 101! j —
Geary-st R 5s. — 99 P & Cl Ky 63.104 —
H C & S 6%3. — — P & O R R 6s. 113 —
Do R* — 1OS ' Powell-st R 6*. 117 —
L, A Ry 5s — 10SU Sac El G&R5s fiSTi —
LAU Co «s. — — S F & SJV 53.119^120
Do srntd 63.. — - S H of Cal 63.111 l 4 lllH
L A gntd 5s. ..100 102% S P of A 6s... — 112!»
LA P R R 5s. — 101 IS P C 6s (1905)
Mnrket-st 6S...127H130 1 (Series A).. ..110 —
Do 1st M 53.117 117%! Do (Series B)M1 —
N C N G R 7s. — — S P C 63 (1306). 112% —
N R of Cal Cs.ll* — Do (1912) ....120H —
Do 5s 11SU — S P R 1st gntd — —
NFCBR 6s. 101 — &PBr 6s 132«i —
Do 6s 107 — S V Water 6s. m^ —
N Cal Ry 6*.. — 111% Do 4s i.103 —
Oak G L & II.IUH — Do 3d mtjr...ioiH -
Uak Tran Cs..ll"»4llS IStocktn Gas 63 — 102H
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa.. — — Spring Valley. 35% 9CU
Marln County. S1V4 — '
GAS AND ELECTRIC STOCKS.
Cent G L Co.. — — |Pac L Co 43 —
Cent L & P Co — 5 Sac Kl O*RCo 3a 40
Eqult G L Co. 3H 3T4 S F O & E 53«4 54
Mumal El Co. lOVi 11 San Francisco. 6 5i£
O G L & H.. 49 — StknO&ECoW —
Pac Gas Imp.. S2% 52%
INSURANCE STOCKS.
Flrem's Fund. 227 232',4 '
BANK STOCKS.
Anglo-Cal Ltd C8 — Lon P & A....132H —
Bank of Cal... — — Merchants' Ex la —
Cal 8 D & T..105 — Nev Nat Bk... — —
First Natlonl..278 300
SAVINGS BANKS.
Ger S & L...1S50 1925 Sav & L So.... 74 71
Hum S & L.. — — iSes Sav Bk.... — —
Mut Sav Bk... 45 . — • lUnion T Co.... — —
S F Sav U 507 — I
STREET RAILROAD STOCKS.
California 123 — O S L & H.... — 45
Geary-st — 55 Presidio — 22^
Market-st 67H 63
POWDER STOCKS.
California r- l«2HjVigorit 3% 314
Giant Con Co. 83% 86 I
,. -¦; ' ; 1] SUGAR STOCKS.
Hana S P Co.. 7% 8U Kilauea SP Co 21 % 22
Haw C & S Co 8s SfrJi Makawell S Co *2\ 4.t
Honokaa S Co. 30^4 — Onomea. S Co. 27ii 23
Hutch a V Co. 24»i 25 Paauhau S Co. 30?j —
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Al Pack Assn.l21H122',i Pac A F A.... 1*1 —
Cal Fruit Assn 87 93 Pac C Bor Co. ISO
Mrr Kx A»»n. >< K'< vrar 1'a.ut co. l^V4 —
Oceanic S Co.. 93^4 94 1
Morning Session.
«3000 Contra Costa Water Bonds 107 00
75 Giant Powder Con S3 73
10 Makawell Sugar Co 42 75
f20O) Market Street Railway 1st con as. .117 13
10 Oceanic Steamship Co 9350
GO Paauhau S P Co 30 37>,
35 Paciflc Coast Borax 151 co
DO Paciflc Gas Improvement 52 37'i
50 Paciflc Gas Improvement 5: 50
$91 000 Pacific Gas Improvement 4a 101 50
15000 Sacramento Electric Gas & Ry Ss..lOO CO
75 S F Gas & Electric Co S3 50
1 Spring Valley Water 9i 75
150 Vigorit 3 50
200 Vigorlt. b 90 3 50
100 Vigorlt. b 30 3 &o
Street—
23 Alaska Packers' Association 12150 <
PRODUCERS* 9IL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
Board— 1
100 Caribou .'... 25
»5 Home Oil ¦ 3 90
300 Monarch of Arizona 50
100 Sterling O & D Co 1 31)
100 Sterling O & D Co 1 32^
MINING STOCKS.
The following were the sales in the San Fran-
Cisco Etock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Mornlns Session.
100 Belcher 11, 400 Mexican 30
700 Best & Belcher 30 200 Ophir 4»
100 Caledonia 4S 1 200 Savage 10
WOChallenga 221 500 Silver Hill .... 37
"600 Gould & Curry 33 [ 200 Silver Hill .... 33
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
SATURDAY. Sept. 8—12 m.
Bid. Ask. BULAsfc.
is quar coup..U5ViH6'ri 4s do c? new..l33*il34 : !i
43 do reg 114UU5U »s do culip lt» llu
The oil stocks were quieter, and generally
unchanged. All the exchanges stand adjourne J
to Wednesday.
The following dividends are announced: Pa
ciflc Gas Improvement Company. regular
monthly. 33c, payable September 12. Giant
Consolidated Powder Company, regular month
ly 73c, payable September 12. San Jose Water
Company, 50c. payable September 12. Califor
nia-street Cable. 50c. payable September 12.
The feature on the Bond Exchange was the
free transactions in the 4 per cent bonds ot
the Pacific Gas . Improvement Company at
$101 CO. Otherwise business was light.
TO SAIL.
THE STOCK MARKET.
OREGON,
Northern Wheat Market.
PORTLAND. Sept. S.-Wheat-W a lla -Walla,
E6c; valley. E9; bluestem, &S@53c.
PORTLAND, Or., Sept. 8. — Clearings, $332,
212; balances, $40,331.
Portland's Business.
HOPS— At London, ' Paciflc Coast, steady,
£2 5s® 3.
WHEAT— Spot, steady; No. 2 red Western
winter. 5s ll%d: No. 1 Northern spring. 6s 3d;
No. 1 California, 5s 4'/4<J®6s W. Futures —
Steady; September, 6s ll%d; December, 6s l%d.
CORN— Snot, firm. American mixed, . new,
4s 2',id; do old, 4s 2%d. Futures— Nominal; Oc
tober, 4s 2*id; November, 4s 2%d; December,
4s l?»d.
FLOUR— St. Louis fancy winter, 7s 9d,
LONDON*. Sept. S.-Sllver, 2S*id; French
rentes, lOlf 25'/Jc; Wheat cargoes on passage,
quiet but steady; English country markets,
Q UVERPOOU Sept. R.— Wheat— Steady: No.
1 Standard California. 6s 4%d@Gs 5d; wheat In
Paris, steady; flour In Paris, steady; weather
In Errland, cloudy. 4
COTTON— UDlands. 6 23-32d.
Foreign Markets.
NEW TORK, Sept. 8.— The cotton market
opened steady at an advance of D to 15 points
and ruled feverishly firm during the early ses
sion on flurries of general buying, in which
the foreign contingent and Southern shorts
took the lead. The market became quieter but
closed stroriT.
Nezu York Cotton Market.
CHICAGO, Sept. 8.— CATTLE— Receipts. E700.
Natives, good to prime steers, $3.60@6; poor to
medium, $1 65Q5 50; selected feeders, W@4 75;
mixed stockers. $3@3 90; cows, $2 75@4 50: heif
ers. S3®5: canners. »2®2 75; • bulls, J2 B«®4 60;
calves, J5Q7 50; Texas fed steers. $4 25@5; grass.
ers. $3 25C4 50; Texas bulls, $2 5C<fi3 40.
HOGS— Receipts, 1S.000; for Monday. 30,000;
left over, 4000; average, shade lower; top.
$5 52H; mixed and butchers, *o 05@5 52V4: good
to choice heavy, $5 10<g5 47H; rough heavy,
$4 90«5 05; light. $J 15@5 52V4; bulk of sales,
$5 15(g5 25.
SHEEP— Receipts. 250O. Sheep and 'amis
steady; good to choice wethers, $3 D0<g5 85: fair
to choice mixed. $3 33<g3 60: Western sheep,
$3 5f>i{j3 S5; ' Texas sheep, $2 N><§3 25: native
lambs J4 25@5 75; Western lambs, $4 60®5 6i.
Chicago Livestock Market.
BOSTON. Sept. $.— Pears— Bartletts, 5O0J2 80
box and 50@85c half-box. Peaches— Salways,
25fr$5c; George's Late. 60(g65c. Plums— Kelsey.
20c®$l 10. Prunes — Hungarian. 50c@$l 85.
#. . __*
LIVERPOOL.
"vTheat— Sept. Dec.
Opening B 11H 6 1^
Closing 5 11% 6 1T4
PARIS.
Flour— /
Opening 23 10 21 70
Closing 20 10 2175
Flour-
Opening 25 SO 27 95
Closing ..25 85 27 35
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Klour, barrels 13.000 9.000
Wheat, bushels 342.000 3$5,0>10
Corn, bushels 257,000 681,000
Oats, bushels 4S2.000 153.000
Rye. bushels ~ 3,000 23.000
Parley, bushels 34.000 6.000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was quiet; creamery. l$%@21Vic; dairy.
I 14ftl$c. CheeBe, firm; l<Hi@ll%c. Eggs, firm;
J fresh. 14V4Q'15c.
The pressnre ha* risen over Washington and
Northern I'lalio. It has falJen Over California.
An area of low presrure overlies the l'aciflc
Elope. Lisrht showers bare failen !n Oregon.
The tcrr.r^ratjjre has risen 10 degrees over
Northern California and Southern Oregon. The
conditions are more favorable to fruit drying
arid raiain baking tiiaji before.
A thunderstorm ie reported at Kallsp*l.
A maximum wind velocity of 26 mllft per
hour Irtm the northwest !s reported it Eu
reka. "¦
Northern Ca!lforn!a^-Falr Rurifiay: continued
trarm weather; light northerly winds.
Southern California. — Fair SunsJay; light
ccrther!" winds.
Nevada— Fair Sunday.
¦Ctah— F"a«r Sunday.
Arizona — Cloudy Sunday.
Ean Frar.cUco and vicinity— Fair Sunday;
continued warm weather; freeh westerly winds.
ALEXANDER O. llcADIE.
Forecast OsSciaJ.
FORECAST,
ny^h ?.Tor!1!an— ParlSe Time.)
PAN FRANCISCO. Sept. 8. 1300-5 p. m.
The following maximum temperatures were
rprorted from stations In California to-<lay:
Mount '."¦.•. :¦.."...:- 71 Fresno S4
Eureka 61 Sacramento 82
lniepender.ee 7s Kan L.u!s ObSspo.... 7$
Red Bluff biiSfcD Diego 68
Los Arijri_:es HO
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature
TO; :..•-: :r:i, XA\ mean, C2.
"WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
Weather Report.
Exports of ep«:!e from this port r>- sea <3-jr
lug the first < > !p-ht months of the year were
J15.31D.300. against IU.2T<5.300 for the Barae time
la Vttli, the l*:i<l!rs£ descriptions being a-i fo!
lovrf: SUver bullion. Z.2ti.U'r. Mexican dollars
B.CS.O0»; goM coin, B.777.K0; currency and
bond*. tXTAZM*. The leading destinations were:
China, !S.C!S.S</O: New York. **>.:»« 4>:>; lia
wallan lEiacis, $311,708.
Exports of Specie.
The Internal Revenue collections In the San
Francisco district for the month of August
were Jo25,SS3, apalr^t $^7.35 for the same
month laFt war. For the first eight months
ct tfce year these collections were as follows:
Bw. J7HJ.404; spirit!. fSZUSf; tobacco. $201,677; \
documentary stamps. $5S7.288: proprietary !
f.an.j.s. J-;.4T7: rr.;> -ellan^His, M33.31S. Total.
12.7X7.204, to£nliisl j:,479.T65 for the same period
last year.
Merchandise for China.
The Nci-weg!en steamer EJdsvold cleared
yest-riay fcr Port Arthur wlta & cargo
i-ahaed £t t7f,371. Including tb» follow
ing: 64.1£7 ctis barley. 16 ctls rolled barley.
i"4» bait« tay. Z3VLOM tt lumber, 1 t>bl brandy.
Merchandise for Victoria.
t ftearaer fainira sallel yesterday for
aorta with a geiK-ral cargo, manifested as
: ¦ : For Victoria, I'.'. :¦-¦ . illnaeapo'ls,
»'..""•: Cincinnati, J3I40; Sydney, Australia,
... • laJ value. r.'l.lW. The following were
i;.e ; rincipal sr.1pmer.ts.
> :ctorla — €1 cs arms and ammunition, 1Z
ikura and pitch, 7 cs cordage, 447 cs
I roodB. 4^1) Jbs chocolate, 16 cs dry
,". .- drifd fruH. 414 rkgs fruit. 10 ex
82 rrs frrai'!=. U I'kfr* (frocerieu and pro- j
>f!S, 19 cs hardware, 2M5 ft lumber. S cs |
jiish, 13 rolls leather. 23.21*0 lbs malt, 1
crs oTuoT.t, 13 cs oil. VZ cs putty, 22Z cs j>aste, j
• i>*-3A. f3 bys ra'Fins, 4:S lbs tobacco, 24
'.. '¦¦ ¦ :s« supar, 200 cs salmon, S13
Be, 13tj crs vepnables, Z crs wagons, 3C
l-i* It \\ :is. 3 t}*i»eTrr!ters.
..'. ::.r.eary);is— 51'' cs earned fruit
: .:. ir.natl— V.i bbls pickled cherries.
• Australia*— S2O rrs onions. 100 cs dried
*.
Large Cargo for Mexico.
be "'r&xseT Oura-a"" »aj:eil Friday for Mexl
:'¦". a general carjf, valued at J43.CJ6, ln-
C . ..:;' the foH^wir.g-:
toys ac:i. U \ kg* a«5ay!ng goods. 3 eyls j
r.:a. 4 jkr> *.-::.> and ammunition, 200 ctl«
Parley, nt Ihs bread. X, r-kgs butter. 25 cs
¦ -r.-i shews, 23 sks beans, 25 bdls cordage,
5 canoes. 22; rj canned goods, 11 bbls 10 sks
cement. 71 cs chc-?t\ ..< is codfish, 23 pkrs Chin- !
'•5' ; r ¦-.:>:. :.>. s.. <_ s dried fruit, 15 cs drygoods,
: os drug*. £5 os electrical Koods. JO cs flre
-S'-kers. »6.WQ ft fuse. 37 crs furniture, M5
trait, 723. eg prw*ries and provisions, 253
hardware, 10 bale* hay. R3 cs liquors. 18 pigs
1"**.. H Mis iron. 27iO ft lumber. 2S4 pkgs m - a
r.:r.ery. 2Z sVs malt. ZW kegs nails and spikes,
olives. 40 bbl« oil, 36 bdls pipe, 81 cs faint.
i cs paste. KS crs potatoes, 38 cs paper, 154
crs onicr.8. 2S12 lbs ee?d. El bdls epice, 2CS0 lbs
eoda, 1233 lbs tago, U cs salmon. 417 bdls
«h(X-ka, ;7 ca stationery, S3 chests tea. 35 pigs
t:r. s- cs turr-entine. 95 cs whisky. 2Z.Z,7» lbs
ta::-,w. :s;o lbs rice. i"7O flasks quicksilver. 10
bbla Ult. :s tbU vinegar, 11 crs vegetables, 16
crs racial a-id Fundries, 3 cords matchwood,
31 rotli roofing rar*r. 47 pkgs tank material. 10
cs mineral water. SC4S (rals wine.
Lumber and Powder for Mexico.
The echocner Allen A cleared yesterday for
Mexico with the following cargo, valued at
J'-'i •:
ZVjO ke?a blasting powder, 200 cs Hercules
powder. 4 bxs caps, 12,113 redwood ties and
S4.1SS ft tenter.
Internal Revenue.
Lo*-bJ bank clearings last ¦week wer« JC2.C5*.
*4i. agiunst fltjeaja tor the cams week laet
year.
Bank Clearings.
The Genr.aa steamer AJesla loaAs horses aad
forage for China, tor G«rman Government; th«
VT. G. Irwin. merchandise to Honolulu.
Charters.
UenfiAy and Tuesday having beea declared
legal holidays, the basks, exchanges aad busi
ness houses generally will be closed on both
<J«->f. hence business will be suspended until
Wednesday. Tfcertj will be no more local mar
ket quotations until that day.
The Holidays.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Shares Closins
Sold. Btocks- Bid.
1.100 Atchleon 27%
1.2T5 Atchison prefd 70%
2.800 Baltimore & Ohio 72%
Canadian Pacinc 87
....1*.. Canada Southern 49%
34S Chesapeake & Ohio 28%
lfiO Chicago Great Wester* 10*4
1.S00 Chicago Burlington & Qulncy 125
Chicago Indianapclis & Louis 23
Chicago Indianapolis & Louis prefd. 5T
Chicago & Eastern Illinois M!i
101 Chicago & Northwestern 162
100 Chicago Rock Island & Paciflc 106H
C C C & St Louis 57fc
100 Colorado Southern 6
Colorado Southern 1st prefd 41
Colorado Southern 2d prefd 16
Delaware & Hudson 40U
Delaware Laokawanna & Western. .175
Denver & RJo Grande.' 19U
Denver & Rio Grande prefd 67»4
Erie 11
Erie 1st prefd 33'i
Great Northern prefd 132
Hocking Coal 14V1
Hocking Valley 34
170 Illinois Central 116%
Iowa Central 18U
Iowa Central i^rcfd 44
Lake Krie & Western 25
Lake Krie & Western prefd 93%
Lake Shore 209
230 Louisville & Nashville IVi
430 Manhattan L 91%
Metropolitan Street Railway 153H
Mexican Central 11%
100 Minneapolis & ft Louis 5414
Minneapolis & St Louis prefd 83>4
4,845 Missouri Paciflc 67%
Mobile &. Ohio 36
Missouri Kansas & Texas 9%
110 Missouri Kansas & Texas prefd.... 31
300 New Jersey Central 130%
000 New York Central 130%
Norfolk & Western -. 34%
Norfolk & Western prefd 75«i
COO Northern Paciflc CIVi
600 Northern Paciflc prerd 7VA.
Ontario & Western 23T4
Oregon Railway & Navigation 42
Oregon Railway & Navigation pfd.. 76
l.fWM Pennsylvania 12S>-h
MO Reading 16>-i
2,120 Reading 1st prefd 55
Reading 2d r>refd 2G%
Rio Grande Western 54
100 Rio Grande Western prefd 90
St Ijouls A: San Francisco 10
St "Louis & San Francisco 1st pfd. 67
St Ixmls & San Francisco 2d prefd. 33%
St Louis Southwestern \Z%
250 St Louis Southwestern prefd 29\
1.1W St Paul 11394
100 St Paul prefd 178
St Paul & Omaha HO
1.2S3 Southern Pacittc 33%
350 Southern Railway 11%
6fi3 Southern Railway prefd 64%
200 Texas & Paciflc 14%
1.67C l"Vilon Paciflc B7\i
T'nion Paciflc prefd 7J%
Wabash '. 7
Wabash prefd 18«4
Wheeling A Lake Erie 8%i
Wheeling & Lake Erie 2d prefd 2X\
Wisconsin Central 11
Third Avenue , 110
Express Companies—
Adams ..124
American 132
TTnlted States 45
Wells Fargo 124
Miscellaneous—
100 American Cotton Oil SJ
American Cotton Oil prefd £8"
American Malting 4%
100 American Malting prefd 23
ICO American Smelting & Ref..... 3C%
American Pmeitlne & Ref prefd £9
240 American Spirits 1%
American Spirits prefd 17
100 American Steel Hoop 19%
300 American Steel Hoop prefd 66%
1,140 American BteeV & Wire 36%
American Steel & Wire prefd.. 74\
2C4 American Tin Plate 27%
American Tin Plate prefd w;
800 American Tobacco 9334
American Tobacco nrefd 128
Anacnnda Mining Co 44%
18.6S3 Brooklyn Rapid Transit 54%
Colorado Fuel tc Iron ZS%
; Continental Tobacco 2«.
Continental Tobacco prefd 78 ~
400 Federal Steel 84%
Federal SteeJ prefd..... ............. ee%
of laborers and such large investments of cap
ital being abandoned to hostile methods for set
tlement aroused uneasiness among holders and
operators in securities. Yesterday's recovery
in Brooklyn Transit gave place to a relapse
to-day and People's Gas continued weak. In
spite of an effort to make it appear that the
Chicago Gas was covered by an understanding
between the contending companies. A large
demand from the shorts rallied the stock and
L>racMcaUy all the loss wa» recovered. The
weak bank return failed to affect the market.
The movement of currency to the interior has
evidently been muck larger than the prelim
inary estimates indicated. It is evident also
that the banks have been obliged to draw on
their legal tenders to meet this demand. The
stock market made a false start again this
week, after the three days of idleness and
after a brief flurry of activity dropped back
into Its lethargy and prices sagged again to
the former level. The general Investment or
speculative world was not a participant in
the deaiings at any time, but there waa some
evidence of bolder and larger operations of a
professional character which were supposed to
be Aue to the re-entry of some of the larger
leaders recently returned from vacations
abroad. The board room professionals, who
have attributed the prevailing dullness to po
litical cause, expected that the determination
of the Vfrmont electoral contest would lead
to come activity. The London stock market
was impressed with the same view and Ameri
can stocks were pushed up briskly on the Lon
don exchange on Wednesday morning before
the openinjc here. But the local market eagerly
availed itself of the London demand to unload
some heavy blocks. Later In the day stocks
were bought again In the hope that the de
mand from London would be renewed on Thurs
day, but that hope was quickly dissipated
oarly Thursday morning and London clearly
showed its disappointment at New York's fail
ure to co-operate tn the buying movement. The
disposition on the part of London to buy
stocks here was increased by the marked ease
of money at that center and the (renerally more
cheerful view held of international politics,
but the vigorous measure adopted by the Bank
of England by large borrowings from the open
market checked the downward tendency and be
g-ot an Intimation of knowledge of some future
demands to be made upon the money market.
Suggestions are heard of an additional British
loan to b« placed and the presence In France
of the Russian Minister of Finance arouses
discii.sFion here of means to meet the Russian
demands. The London market hardened in
(.¦ons^quence and at the same time sterling ex
change weakened In New York under offering*
of cotton bills brought on the market by the
urgent buying of cash cotton to tide over the
English shortage. This dissipated the hopes
of London of a gold movement from New York.
It Is considered probable that future British
loans may seek a lodgment In New York with
a view to inducing further movement of gold
to London. The constant receipt by New York
banks of remittances on account of Klondike
gold and the current output of American
mines are both to be reckoned with In Judging
the cuettion of reserves.
A feature of the week was the strength or
silver on the demand for remittances from
China. The decrease In merchandise ship
ments to China on account of the trouble there
calls for shlaments of sliver against merchan
dise received from China. The apathy of cap
ital toward securities has been quite as marked
in the bond market as in stocks.
United States refunding 2s, when Issued, and
the 5s advanced 14, and the old 4s % per cent
In the bid price.
carrying roads was dealt In. The comparative
firmness of the coalers was partly due to the
recent large output of coal from the mines
and partly to a belief that the Etrlke might be
restricted within narrow limits. But the pros
pect of a controversy affecting so large a body
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tlrf**
the early morning tides rre given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of th«»
day In the order of occurrence as to ttm*. Th"
second time column gives th» second tirte n!
the day, the third time column the third tide
and the last or right hand column gives th»
tasi tide of the day. except when th*re are but
three tides, as sometimes occurs. The height*
given are tn addition to the 3oundings on ttr»
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the heiarht,
and then th» number given Is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The ptan» of
NOTE— Th* h!gh and low watfrs occur at
the city front ( Mission-street wharT* about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coa.«t and deidftlc Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fcrt Point, entrance to San
Frinclsco Kay. Publlshe-I by offlcial au
thr.rifv nt tho Siintrlntprn'ort
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour, quiet;
winter patents. $3 80® 4; straights, *3 10@3 70;
clears. *3 10(53 50; spring specials. $4 40«4 50;
patents t3 60<g4; straights. $3©3 50: bakers ,
$2 2O@2 75; No. 3 spring wheat. 73%@74c; No. S
red. 75%c; No. 2 corn, 40%<941c; No. 2 yellow,
40%(fMlc; No. 2 oats, 21%<822Mc; No. 2 white,
24Vi<f?26c: No. 3 white, 23%©25c; No. 2 rye, 50%c;
good feeding barley, 39c r fair to choice malt-
Ing. 43<f747c: flaxseed, $1 43; No. 1 Northwestern,
$1 £0: mess pork, per barrel, $11 10*311 15; lard,
per 100 pounds. }6 75@6 S2%; short . ribs sides
(loose), $7 30®7 60; dry salted shoulders tboxed),
6%rn l 6 ! Hic; short clear sides (boxed), $7 95®8 05;
whisky, basis of high wines. $1 26; sugar, un
changed; clover, contract grade, $9 50®9 60.
Lieutenant Commander. V. S. N.. tn charge.
chants' Exchange, San Francisco. Oaf..
September K. IDO".
The tl-r.e ball was dropped about ten anr
or.iir. late to-day on account of wires beins
crossed. C. G. CALKINS.
Branch Hydrojrraphic OfHce, V. S. N*.. Mer-
Time Ball
Xo morn business until Wednesday.
Silver continues to advance. Exchange unchanged.
Bank clearings show the usual weekly gain.
Coffee shows a turn for the worse everywhere.
Xo change in Rke.
Wheat futures several fractions firmer.
Other cereals dull and unchanged.
Bran again advanced. No change in Hay.
Beans and Seeds dull and nominal.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables in large supply.
Poultry cleaned up and nominal. Game steady.
Melons and Barilett Pears continue high.
Grapes in good supply and dull.
Dried Fruits quiet and steady. Raisins and Honey firm.
Nothing going on in Provisions.
Wool, Hops and Hides as before.
Hogs lower and in better supply.
Bryant Coal advanced.
Increased Revenue collections.
NEW YORK. Sept. 8.— Exports of gold and
silver from this port for the week aggregated
$9C4,428 silver bar* and coin and $9800 gold. The
Imports of epecie.were $30,22S gold and $134.06S
f>rlver. The imports of drypoods and merchan
dise were valued at $10,636,880.
Exports of Specie.
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 8.— To-day's Treasury
statement shows: Available cash balance, $136,
042,445; gold. t68,13e.7OO.
LONDON. Sept. 8. — To-day is a holiday on
the Stock Exchange. Bar silver, steady, 2S%1
l«r ounce; money, 2%@2% per cent.
London Market.
NEW YORK. Bent. 8.— The Financier says:
The statement of the Associated Banks of New
York for the week ending September 8 reflects
a somewhat greater degree of business activity
both In the matter of local call loans and with
the Interior. For the first time in a long- period
the banks have received less money than they
have forward-d to W'estern and Southern
j'olnts. They gained, it is true, as a result of
transactions with the sub- Treasury, but the
system of averages employed does not show the
exact balance and the various Institutions
probably hold more money than the totals In
dicate. The reported loss of cash holdings is
small, amounting to $323,600. but this, combined
with the extra reserve necessitated by the ex
pansion of $2,794, COO deposits, decreases the sur
plus a little more than $1,000,005, bringing the
total to $46,056,250. which Is very much higher
than at the corresponding periods over several
years past. The gain of II, 959.000 In loans was
rather larger than anticipated. The present
volume of the loan Item, amounting to nearly
$819,000,000. Is the highest of the year, and as
ajiy addition must necessarily enlarge deposits
and therefore Increase reserve requirements, it
will b« seen that this, combined with a with
drawal of money to the Interior must operate
In the direction of lowering the surplus re
serve very rapidly. The principal point of in
terest Just at present is the eslmatrd require
ments for crop-moving purposes. Careful In
quiry extending over large areas of territory
leads to the Impression that the drain on New
York this year will be lese than usual, owing
to the abundance of the money at other centers,
but for all that, bankers of long experience are
cautious in Indorsing this opinion. One factor
that Is to be taken into consideration Is the
doubling of the circulation by national banks
at this center. It is expected that this money
will b« used largely In interior remittances ajid
the effect will be to furnish a great deal of
currency without a radical reduction In re
serves. The country has to-day nearly, or
quite. $S0,O00.C0O of national bank currency more
than a year ago. and there Is no queetion that
it is to play an Important part in the fall
business now at hand.
Associated Banks' Statement.
Do prefd 110 Centennial 16V.
Federal Steel 34% ; Frank!in 14%
Do prefd 66% Humboldt 25
Gen Klectrlc 13SVi Osceola 65%
Do prefd 133 jParrot 42
Ed Elec 111 210 IQulnry 149
Mexican Cent ll«i Sta Fe Copper 4%
Mich Telephone &5 Tamarack 222
N E Gas & Coke... 13'4 I'tah Mining 31
Old Dominion 1S>; Wlnona 3
Rubber 29V4 Wolverines 42
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar IS, Ontario 5 50
Crown Point 10 Ophir 43
Con Cai & Va 1 20: Plymouth 10
Dead wood 45 Quicksilver 1 50
Gould & Curry 32 i Do prefd 6 JO
Hale & Norcross... 20iSierra Nevada 30
Hcmestake SO 00 ! Standard < «)
Iron Silver SS Union Con 17
Mexican 25IYellow Jacket 17
Do prefd 113 iAllouez Min Co.... 1%
Bell Telephone 142%!AmaI? Copper SS\4
Boston Elevated. ..14S iAtlantlc 23%
Boston & Maine. ..1SS ] Boston & Mont.. ..320
Chi B & Q 123 jButte & Boston 62
Dominion Coal 41%:C & II. ex dlv 740
Do prefd 70*i | Mining Shares-
American Sugar.. .119V» i Adventure
Money— lUnlon Paciflc 57Vi
Call loans 2513 West End 93%
Time loans ?i?4% Westinghse Elec. .. 46%
Stocks— Bonds—
Atch T & St Fe.. 27=* Atchison 4s 99%
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Do S F deb ob. ..110 S Pacific 4s 7S%
Chicago term 4s... S2 S Railway 5s 1CM4
Colorado So 4s S2% Stand R & T 63... 67
D & R G lsts 102% Tex & Pac lsts. ...112
Do 4s 9SV4J Do 2ds 55
Erie gen 4s 69VU Pacific 4s 105%
F W & D C lsts... 73% Wabasn lsts 117
Gen Electric 5s.. ..120 Do 2ds 102
Iowa Cent lsts 114 West Shore 4s 112>4
L & X uni 4s 99 Wis C*nt lsts S>7%
M K ic T 2ds 67% Va centuries S9?i
Do adj 4s 85% St L & I M con 6s. 112
Canada So 2ds 106 St L & S F gen 6s. 121%
Ches & Ohio 4%s.. «KVi St Paul cons 1<H%
Do 5s 11S% St P C & P lsts. ..US
Chi & N con 7s. ...140 j Do jf 118%
CLOSING BONDS.
U S 2s ref. when 1 Do •!.« 92
issued, reg 1C3K I N Y C lsts 108%
Do coupon 103%|N J C gen 5s 123
U S Ss reg 109 IN Pacific 3s 65%
Do 3» coup 109 i Do 4s lO4>i
Do new 4s reg... 133% IN Y C & St L 4s.. 106
Do new 4s coup..l33%lN & W con 4s 97%
Do old 4s reg.... 114U [Or Nav lsts 109
Do old 4s coup...HSV4i Do 4? 102%
Do Sb reg 112% Or Short Line 6s.. 126%
I>0 5s coup 112% Do con 5s 113V-
Dlst Of Col 3.65s... 122 j Rending gen 4s S7»,4
Atchison gen 4s...l01% ! R G W lsts 99
*" Electric 138
340 G ucose Sugar 51%
""*m ? lucose Sugar prefd 97
*5 J nte "-natlonal Paper 21%
...:°° i^SSV'SaS 1 raper perM m
<-5 National Biscuit ...^"."."i!" 33%
Rational Biscuit prefd .... S4
•••,•" National Lead .............. 17%
100 National Lead prefd kd
1% x . at| on»». Steel ..... i:."" 25U
™ National Steel prefd Hl'MSHM! 85%
North American 15
Pacific Coast 5114
Pacific Coast 1st prefd 85
•••— Pacific Coast 2d prefd .'ICv" 64%
?7^ ?* Cl ? C . :MaiI ' 30>X
2.730 Pecple"s Gas . qni"
100 r. refse( i Steel CarM^rJMlvJIvIII'MI^iSv*
100 Pressed Steel Car prefd 7iv
Pullman Palace Car ."lgfi
••;•-• Standard Rope & Twine 5
4.6(0 Sugar 11914
Sugar prefd ." """ n 4 i?
200 Tennessee Coal & Iron "... 69%
300 United States Leather 11%
United States Leather prefd 70'
1.500 United States Rubber 23>i
United States Rubber prefd 62
*15 Western Union 79%
Republic Iron & Steel Co 11%
155 Republic Ircn & Steel Co prefd 54
P C C & St Louis 54
71.700 Shares sold.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
*_ : — : *
CHICAGO, Sept. S.— Dullness characteristic
of Saturday's short session pervaded the wheat
market throughout. The tone, however, was
firm. October opened V»c higher at 73%@73»4c,
because Liverpool was steady and unwelcome
rains were again reported damaging wheat in
the Northwest. Following the opening Octo
ber, on selling by scalpers, touched 73 1 ,ic but
at the dip there was some buying. This stirred
up shorts and October advanced to 73"4@74c.
The close was firm. October ViifUc over yester
day at 73\c, the corn strength helping sustain
the market toward the end.
Corn waa moderately active and strong. Liv
erpool was Vid higher. October closed strong
%0 up at 3STi@39c.
Oats made a quiet beginning, but were more
active later. October closed ',4c higher at 21%c.
Provisions continued strong. Packers tight
ened the screws some to-day and shorts did
their best to cover. October pork closed 12Vic
higher, lard 10c up and ribs 12Vic better.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
September 73»,4 73% 73 73^4
October 73% 74 73H 73%
November 74% • 74H "4Vi 74Vi
Corn No. 2 —
September 39% 40«i 39% 40Vi
October SS% 39Vi 38i& 39
November 36 36% 36 36Vj
Oats No. 2—
September 21% 21% 21% 21%
October 2Ufe 21% 21% 21%
November 21»; 22 21% 22
Mess pork, rer barrel —
September .... .... .... 1110
October 11 10 11 17% 11 10 11 17%
January >11 22% 1127% 1122% 1127%
Lard, per 100 pounds-
September 6 75 6 SO 6 75 6 80
October 6 72% 6 82% 6 72% 6 82%
January 6 50 6 57% 6 50 6 57%
1 Short ribs, per 1C0 pounds—
September 7 43 7 47% 7 42% 7 47%
October 7 17% 7 32% 7 17% 7 30
January 5 90 5 97% 5 90 5 97%
Wool continues \ quiet and unchanged. Buy
" of Hops are still holding off. and but lit
fl^ business is reported. Hides and Tallow have
shVn no <* angc * or aome ' Btock8 of b oth
bC m 2 DES e AND SKINS-Culls and brand, sell
about lc under quotations. Heavy .alted
|>^: H s w>»Bi? «¦ "was
chlarllnes 20@30c each; short Wool. S0©50c
fach^ SSlum" 6OS80C-. long W'ool, %
each'- Horse Hides, salt, $2©2 25 for large. »1 75
<£ medium. $1 for 8ma11 and We for COltS*
Hor 9 ?HW«. fell 50 for Ur«, Jl 23 t0 ?™:
sMn^-Summer or red skins 35c; fall or me-
SlumlklDS. S0c: winter or thin skins. 20c Coat-
JwM^Prlme Angoras. 75c; large and smooth.
rendered. 4«4«e per lb; No.
•> \tnzv*c grease. 2fi2'.-ic •
'wOOlAsprlng clip is quotable as follows:
Northern, free. 15«16c; Northern, defective. Ujj
we- Middle County, free. 14©l6c; Middle Coun-
v C> defective. 12S14C: Southern Mountain. «
months'. U®12c: GouthernJUountain, free. 7
months-, 10©12c: Southern Mountain, defective.
7 months'. 9©Uc; JHumboldt and Mendoclno
16m7o; Nevada,. 13O16O per lb.
Fall Clip— San Joaquln, 6HO8c; do Leiabr'.
S®9c; Middle County, 9®Uc per lb.
Continue dull at previous prices.
CURED MEATS-Bacon, lOHc per lb for
heavy lie for light "medium. 12Ho for light. I3o
tor extra light and 15c for sugar-cured; East,
nrn sugar-cured Hams, 12%c: Mm Beef. »iz per
bW- Srtra Mess. $13; Family $14 ; % extra Prlm 6
PnVk $15 50: extra clear. $19; Mess. %\t so;
Smoked Beef. 12«4@13c per lb.
LARD— Tierces quoted at 7c per lb for com
1^" 1 "- PU ~' 9^
rOTTOLENE-One-half barrel. 8»ic: three
half barrels. .SVsc; one tierce, 8?ic; two tierces,
T&c: &ve tierces. Sttc per lb.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
Provisions.
FRUITS— Prunes, Santa Claras, 4 sizes, 3c; 40
50b. 7c; 50-609. 5>ic; 60-70s, Z\c; 70-SOs, 3\4c; 80
90s," 2*ic: 90-lOOs. lUe: 100s and over, 2c; rubles.
Vic premium; Sonomas He and San Joaqulns >4o
less than Santa Claras, except 100s and over,
which stand the same. Apricots. 6*i<gS«4c for
Royals and 10(?12c for Moorparks; Evaporated
Apples, E^6e; sun-dried. 3@4c; Peaches, 5H*j5V4c
for standard. KCJfiHc for choice and 708c for
fancy Pears, 4@7c: Plums, pitted, 5@6c; un
pltted liglHc: Nectarines. 5&5>£c ror red and
5H@6c fnr white.
RAISINS— Bleached Thompson's fancy, per
lb 10c; choice, 9c; standard. 8c; prime. 6c; un
bleached Thompson's, per lb. 6c. Sultanas —
Fancy, per lb. SV4c; choice. 7Hc: standard. 6Hc;
mime 5c; unbleached Sultanas. 5c; Seedless,
tO-lb boxes. 6c; 2-crown loose Muscatels. 64c;
3-crown 6Uc; 4-crown, 7c; London Layers, l
crown $1 EO per box; 3-crown. $1 60; Fancy
Clusters J2; Dehesa, $2 50; Imperial. II All
prices f. o. b. at common shipping points in
C NuTrS-Walnuts. 82N)%c for standards and 9
©lie for softshells: new Almonds, I2@l3tte
for paper shell. 8tt@10c for soft and «©7c for
hard, shell: Peanuts. 5@6V4e for Eastern and
6fl6c for California; Brazil Nuts. lieizHc; Fll
berts, 12013c; Pecans. llglSc; Cocoanuts. $3 50
®HONEY— Comb, 13314c for bright and 12^4c
fnr liteht amber: water white, extracted, 7^fli
IcT light amber extracted. 7«7%c; dark. 6©6?sc
Pe BEESWAX-24S26c per lb.
The demand for fruits continues light, but
prices show little change. Raisins and Honey
continue firm.
CITRUS FRUITS— Lemons. $1 25{£?2 for com
mon and *2 S0@3 for good to choice; Mexican
Limes. $6J0@7; Bananas, $150^2 50 per bunch;
Pineapples, $1 iCi83 50 per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
MELONS— NutmegH, 73c©$l per case; Canta
loupes, $1©2 per crate; Watermelons, $3020,
with extra laree at tI5 per 100.
The situation stands about the same. Sup
plies" of all kinds, except Bartlett Pears and
Melons, are free ami quotations are weak. The
descriptions Just mentioned are firm at the
irood Trices.
Grapes, Figs and Cling Peaches are In lib
eral supply and dull.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS
APPLES — 25©60c per box for common and
EOcSiSl for rood to choice.
PEARS— Bartlett, 75c@$l 25 per box; other
varieties. 35ft 5fc per box.
QtTINCES-25<g60c per box.
STRAW BERRIES— }3i&5 per chest for large
and J5I37 for small berries.
BLACKBERKIES- $3<Q?5 per chest.
RASPBERRIBS-$1^6 per chest.
HUCKLEBERRIES— IVi^Hc per lb.
FIGS— 15<@2jc for slngla and 3O@S0c for double
layer boxes.
POMEGRANATES— 50<?S5c per box.
PLUMS— 2i©'40c per box and 3- r >#}60c per crate-.
PEACHES— tO@C5c per box; In bulk, $20®25
per ton fnr freestones and clings.
GRAPES — Muscat. 25<?J60c per crate; Seedless,
7r,c<HSl per crate; black. :5@30c: Tokay. 30®60c;
Isabella. SOig'Soc; Wine Grapes, 115^18 for white
and $2flffl24 per ton for Zlnfandel.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
KOOS— Ouoted at 17Vi<ff22Hc for store and 27Vi
tS32c per dozen for ranch: Eastern, n^21c spot
and 22Vic for fancy to arrive.
CHEESE-New, 9c; fancy. 10c; old 8®»Vic;
Young America. 10@10%c; Eastern, 134@14c,
W»Ft€-rn. 10*3!l2c per lb.
Dairy— Fancy, 22H@23c; good to choice, 210
22c; common, 17® 20c. ,
Creamery tub — ZO4»22Hc per lb.
Pickled roll— 19SI0C.
HUTTKH—
Creamery— Fancy Creamery. 24j?24Hc; extra
marks higher; seconds, 23@23Hc.
The firmness in Butter and Eggs continues
and the former is a fraction higher ; again.
Stocks of both are greatly reduced, and there
is a good demand for the celebration. There
is no change In Cheese.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Game In good condition sells readily at the
quotations. Poultry is nominal, as the market
Is bare at the moment.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys. 9@12c for Gob
blers and 10<@12c for Hens; young Turkeys, 14©
17c; Geese, per pair, $1 25@1 50; Goslings. $130®
1 75; Ducks. *3©4 50 for old and $3 50^4 50 for
young; Hens, $4@5 50; Young Roosters, $4@C>;
Old Roosters, $3 50«r4 50; Fryers, $3 50; Broil
ers, $jg3 50 for large and $2«?2 50 for small;
Pigeons, SI 50@l 75 per dozen for old and $1 50
®1 "5 for Squabs.
GAME— Doves. 65«JSSc per dozen: Cottontail
Rabbits, $1 50; Brush Rabbits, Jf; Hare. $1 25-gi
1 50; Grouse, $7; Sage Hens, $2 50; Mountain
Quail, $2 50@3 50 per dozen.
Poultry and Game.
POTATOES— Garnet Chiles. 50c; Early Rose.
25@30c; Burbanks, it0@60c for Rivers and
75c@$l per ctl for Salinas; Sweets, $I@1 25 for
Rivers and $1 65 for Merced.
ONJGNS— Yellow, 60«65c per etl; Pickle
Onions. «yg75c.
VEGETABLES— Green Corn, 75c@$l per
pack, 75c(ft$l per crate for Berkeley and $10
1 50 for Alameda; Green Peas, lH®3c per lb:
String Beans, l©2Hc; Llmas. 2@3%c per lb;Cab
b3fc-e. 40<g50e: Tomatoes. Rivers, 15@25c: Bay. 20
@40c: Egg Plant. 30@40c per box; Green Okra.
35tJ?50c; Green Peppers, 2C@4Oc per box for Chill
and 30®40c for Bell; Dried Peppers, 10(gl5c;
Carrots. -25035c per suck; Summer Squash, 25©
35c for Alameda; Cucumbers, 2o@30c for Ala
meda; Pickles, .$lfil 25 per ctl for No. 1 and
60@75c for No. 2: Garlic, 3c per lb: Marrowfat
Squash, $8@13; Pumpkins, $20 per ton.
Everything In this line is dull and cheap,
with large supplies. There is not a scarce ar
ticle In the list.
Beans and Seeds.
Quotations continue nominal In the absence
of business:
BEANS— Bayos, $2 40@2 50; Small White, $4;
Large White. $2 EO; Pink, $2 25^2 60; Red, $3 25;
Blackeye. $3 25: Lima. »5 15®5 25; Pea. none
here; Red Kidneys. $3 25@3 50.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Murtard. 4c; Flax. I2Q2 20; Canary. 3Hc per
lb for California and 4o for Eastern; Alfalfa,
nominal; Rape. 2<4S3c; Hemp, 40^0; Tim
othy, 4@4%c
DRIED PEAS— Nlles. nominal: Green, $2 25Q
2 50 per ctl; Blackeye, $2.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
The scarcity of Bran Is beginning to be felt
and the market has again advanced. Middlings
are unchanged.
Hay has shown no change 'o> some time,
supplies being large and the market weak and
dull.
BRAN— $13 50014 60 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— tltiials per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. $1«®17 50 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. J26027; Jobbing.
$27 00028; Cocoanut Cake. $20<£f21: Corn Meal.
»2S 50: Cracked Corn. J27; Mixed Feed. *13 50^14.
HAY — Volunteer. $4 50@7; Wheat. $10@12;
Wheat and Oat, $9 50011 50; Oat. IS^IO; Clover.
$4@6; Alfalfa, $6@7 50; Barley. |6 50@8 50 per
ton.
STRAW— 30®37%c per b*le.
Hay and Feedstuffs.
FLOUR— California Family Extras, $3 603
3 70. usual terms; Bakers' Extras, $3 40©3 50;
Oregon and Washington, $2 7G@3 10 per barrel
lor. family and $3 15@3 m for bakers' , Eastern,
11 754i5 75 per barrel. ,
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour. 13 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, 12 75; Ryo
Meal, V GO; Rice Flour, $7; Corn Meal, JITS;
extra cream do, S3 SO; Oat Groats, J4 50; Hom
iny. $2 50<l?3 75: Buckwheat Flour. HiH 25;
Cracked Wheat. $3 50; Farina. $4 60; Whole
Wheat Flour. $3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels). »R
@7 25: In sacks, $5 75<27; Pearl Barley, $3;
Split Peas, $3; Green Peas. %i 53 per 100 lbs.
Flour and Millstuffs.
Flour, qr sks.... 15,830jSugar, bbls 373
Wheat, ctls l,S20iEggs. doz 9,750
Barley, ctls . 2.971 i Leather, rolls ... 90
Oats, ctls lSOIQuicksilver. flska 4<>
Butter, ctls 213;Wine, gals 43,2c.O
Cheese, ctls 31 Wool, bags S7
Tallow, ctls 813 Kay. tons 6SS
Rye. ctls 2S0 Lime, bbls 91
Potatoes, ska ... 8. 370 ' Middlings, sks .. 12.">
Onions, ska 1.30:., Pelts, txils 270
Bran, sks 5251 Hides. No 470
Middlings, sks .. 125jBeans, sks 100
Sugar, sks .: 6.5001
FOR SATURDAY. SEPTEMBER 3.
Receipts of Produce.
We quote: Costa Rica— 14-515C for prime
washed, 12tygl3'ie for good washed. 13@14c for
good to prime washed peaberry. 12tJ13c f->r good
to prime peaberry. H 1 -2(fil3c for good to prime.
lOHftllc for good current mixed with black
beans, 9i£@llc for fair, 7 L it»9 t -*c nom. for com
mon to ordinary; Salvador— UViWlS'ic f'-r good
to prime washed, lOVitmc for fair washed. 12
©13*40 for good to prime washed peaberry. llfp
ll»io for good to prime semi-washed, lo^fgllc
for superior unwashed, lOVjc for good gr?en un
washed, H^llHc for good to superior un
washed peaberry, 7>sfj9c nom. for common to
ordinary; Nicaragua— 13t?16e for prime tr fancy
washed, lO^'fflHic for fair to strictly good
washed. lOU'glO'ic nom. for good to superior
unwashed. WQll^tC nom. for good to prime un
washed peaberry; Guatemala and Mexican—
lS'sSTTe for prime to fancy washed. 12Vift'13c
for strictly good washed. 11® 12c for good
washed. 9*i^io»ic for fair washed. for
medium, 63»<8S 1 ic for Inferior to ordinary. 13<??
14c for good to prime washed peaberry, 11®
HVic nom. for good to prime unwashed pea
berry, 10Vit?llc nom. for good to superior un
washed."
"First hand stock consists of 3769 bag3 Costa
Rica, 755 Nicaragua. 5563 Salvador. 16.843
Guatemala and 901 Mexican: in all 27.S40 bags,
as against 27,181 bags same time last year."
"Local Bales during the month show a normal
average, but most of the trading was done In
the first fortnight and the falling off since has
been most sharply marked. The tendency is
still downward and the market closes dull and
soft at the following revised quotations.
"Markets everywhere have again turned for
the worse. The decline in Brazil grades in
New York has been %c since our circular of
August 7— INiC from the top point of about the
middle of July. Large receipts at the primary
ports, pointing of course to increase In visible
supply, and dull buslnesr. In all consuming
markets are the main factors governing pres
ent conditions, and these are likely to rule the
future adversely until some favorable change
occurs in one or the other. Coffee still has
friends, notwithstanding, but has also .cst
many followers beyond a certain limit of
price, no matter how good the quality, and the
higher grades are absolutely neglected.
COFFEE— C. E. Blckford's circular gives th€
receipts at this port during the first elsht
months of the year at 157. S7S bags, against iv>2.
2S0 during the same' time in 1859. The sales
from first hands were 123.S33 bags, against 130. •
043. The stock In first hnnds September 1 was
28.857 bags, against 25,643. The worM's visible
supply September, 1 was 5.S17.7J9 bags, againjt
6.769.043. The circular says:
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, per lb. In ICO-Ib bags: Cubes,
A Crushed and Fine Crushed. 6.80c: Powdered.
6.40c; Candy Granulated, 8. 40c; Dry Granulated.
6.30c ; Confectioners' A, 6.30c; Magnolia A. 5.90c:
Extra C. 5.S0c; Golden C. 5.70c: barrels. 10c
more; half-barrels. 25c more: Loxes. 50c more:
50-lb ba*sv 10c more. No orders taken for less
than 75 barrels or Its equivalent. Dominoes,
half-harrels. 7.0Sc; boxes. 7.30c per lb.
RICE— China mixed, II 2WS4 23; No. 1. $» 70©
4 85; extra, Jo^o 50; Japanese. Jt 95#5 50; Louis
iana. J4C7; Hawaiian. U 73<g5 per ctl.
BAGS— San Quentln Bass. $3 63: Calcutta
Grain Bags. 5He: Wool Bags. 2SH332Hc; Fleece
Twine, 7V4c; Fruit Bags. 6>ig6%c for white amj
8U<BS>**c for bleached jute.
COAL— Bryant Is higher. Wellington, $D per
ton; Southfleld Wellington. |0: Seattle, $7;
Bryant. $7; Coos Bay. |5J0; Wallsend, $3: Co
operative Wallsend, $3; Cumberland, S12 in
bulk and $13 25 In sacks; Pennsylvania Anthra
cite Egg. $14; Cannd. $!! per ton; Coke. $13
pe.- ton In bulk and $1S in sacks; Rocky Moun
tain descriptions, $S 43 per 2000 lbs, and $3 GO
per ton, according to brand.
General Merchandise.
MUTTON-Wetbers. 7H®Sc; ewes. 7&7ttc per
pound.
LAMB— Sprlnp. S'iCS" per lb.
PORK— Live Hots. 5*;c for small. 5*ic for
medium and 5V4S5%c for large; stock Hogs
and feeders. 5'ic; dressed Hogs, 8®S',aC.
VEAL— Large, 7@Sc; small. 8Mt@9Hc per lb.
Hogs are lower, as already foreshadowed. F.e
celsts are larger. All other Meats are as be
fore.
BEEF— 5©6c per lb for fair to choice.
San Francisco Meat Market.
HOPS— OI3. nominal at . 5310c per lb; new.
lOffllc.
usual Saturday half-holiday order - and the
market. continues quiet. In. tone at unchanged
prices. State,! common, was quoted from 3@5e;
prime, 4»»Sj;5 1 ic: choice. BHQtic: fancy, 6@6Vie.
California dried fruits were Inactive.
PRUNES— Were quoted from 3\i@T^Q per lb,
as to size and quality.
APRICOTS-Royal. U@14c; Moorpark, 15@16c.
PEACHES— Peeled, 14015c; unpeeled, C@3c.
SATURDAY. Sept. S-12 m.
Bid Ask. I Bl.l.Ask.
Alpha 05 06!Just!ce 03 0\
Alta 02 O.VKentuck — 01
Andes C7 0.».Lady Wash .... — 0!
Belcher 03 ll'Mexican » 8>
Hest & Belcher 20 SO Occidental C9 11
Bullion 02 03 Ophir 49 M
Caledonia 4S Si) Overman 11 12
Chollar 21 22 Potosi 20 Zl
Challenge Con. 12 23 Savas«? W W
Confidence 6.i 68 Scorpion 02 —
Con Cal & Va..l 3<) 1 r.;?eg Belcher ... 02 <U
Con Imperial .. 01 C2 Sierra Nevada. S3 2\
Con New York. — <1 Silver Hill .... 3S W
Eureka Con .... — 4.1 St Louis 11
Crown Point.... 13 It! Standard 3 93 --
Exchequer — 02 Syndicate — "7
Oould & Curry 37 30;rnton Con 15 2^
Hale & Norc... 2t ifill'tah f| j (;< *
Julia — 04 Yellow Jacket.. 22 -">
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
Mornlas Session
500 Alpha Con 04 W*> Overman 12
300 Chollar "1 **> Seg Belcher <«
25ft Con Cal & Va..l 3" 4W Sierra Nevada. ;.4
200 Gould & Curry 37 4C0 Yellow Jacket.. 21
100 Hale & Sore... 21 300 Yellow Jacket.. 22
ICO Mexican 23
The fol!owinc were the eales In the Pacific
Stock Exchange yesterday:
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 9, 1900.
Chicago Grain Market.
Foreign Futures.
Steamer Movements.
TO ARRIVE.
California Fruit Saks.
LOCAL MARKETS.
New York Grain and Produce.
Firkin
-1$<3i9c.
39
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL NEWS
ST
vnxDJi
SE
Run
rises . .
Sun
sets ...
Moor
n rises
0
me
r
«ifc
Ft.!
w;
.1 T(
9 ...
10 ...
. 4:551
,.! 5:35!
0.7
l.l! '
4
|H Wl
!S
wi
It ...
12 ...
,.l 0:4«f
.1 1:46!
4.9!
«:
1..-
1.8
5.T1
5.7!
1 «:
13 ...
li ...
Iff
.! r.a\
. 4:^1
4.51
4.21
A 1'
:41
JS
¦s'
8'
. 5:19'
Steamer.
Matteawan ..
!Sep.
City of Fuebli
Aroma
¦Wellington ..
San Mateo....
• iOys
.INai
Hor.Ita
Warflfiil
Australia ....
Newburgr ....
Mackinaw
Kureka
!Oys
.JHoi
'Gra
.Sea
,lHu:
ar
urt
t..
ISep.
iSep.
ISep.
ISep.
'Sep.
!S«a
LaKme
LX>1 Norte ....
Columbia
Pr.nta Rnna...
San Juan
Pomona
Point Arena..
Crescent City.
For
.I5=nr
iPar
[Hui
.Pol
ICre
r
a
n
;r
ii
tlann..
i Plego
lama. .
mboldt
nt Are
¦cent <
o..
t..
Ct
ta
Ity
»ep.
!<=»n.
ISep.
'Sep.
|Sep.
s*p-
Coos Bay
jNe>
wport..
Nippon Maru
na and
1 .
Walla Walla
•torla..
Tltanla
.INai
Empire
Corona
.!S«r
n Diesre
'Sep.
Steaiwr. I Destination. I
S;
taOa. I Pl*r.
I f
r _^^
Czarina ...|Seattl« Sep.
State of CaliPortland .Sep.
Pt Arena. .[Point Arena.. Sep.
Corona 'Sun Dlegro !Sep.
Pomona ...IHumhoM*. I5<*p.
North Fork'Humboldt 'Sep.
Arcata ....|Coos Bay jSep.
Bonlta , Newport ;Sep.
Knreka iHumboldt ,Sep.
City Puebla-Vlc & Ps* Sd.|Sep.
Santa RosajSan DleKO [Sep.
Columbia ..IPortlanrl 'Sep.
9. 10 am! Pier S
IP, 11 am! Pier 24
10. 2 pmjPler 2
10. 11 am: Pier 11
in. 2 pm'P1*r »
12. 9 am'Pter 3
i:. i:nVPlerl3
12. 9 am Pier 11
!2. 10 am' Pier 11
13. 11 am! Pier »
14. 11 am; Pier 11
1", 11 am' Pier ?»
Doric China AJapaniSep.
13. lpmlPMSS
Del Xorte.. Portland iSep.
N>*-bur(f .JGrays IIarbor:3ep.
Coos Bay.-IXewport ISep.
15
16*. VamiPl'er'ii
Steaiwr. I Destination. I
S;
taOa. I Pl*r.
I f
r _^^
Czarina ...|Seattl« Sep.
State of CaliPortland .Sep.
Pt Arena. .[Point Arena.. Sep.
Corona 'Sun Dlegro !Sep.
Pomona ...IHumhoM*. I5<*p.
North Fork'Humboldt 'Sep.
Arcata ....|Coos Bay jSep.
Bonlta , Newport ;Sep.
Knreka iHumboldt ,Sep.
City Puebla-Vlc & Ps* Sd.|Sep.
Santa RosajSan DleKO [Sep.
Columbia ..IPortlanrl 'Sep.
9. 10 am! Pier S
IP, 11 am! Pier 24
10. 2 pmjPler 2
10. 11 am: Pier 11
in. 2 pm'P1*r »
12. 9 am'Pter 3
i:. i:nVPlerl3
12. 9 am Pier 11
!2. 10 am' Pier 11
13. 11 am! Pier »
14. 11 am; Pier 11
1", 11 am' Pier ?»
Doric China AJapaniSep.
13. lpmlPMSS
Del Xorte.. Portland iSep.
N>*-bur(f .JGrays IIarbor:3ep.
Coos Bay.-IXewport ISep.
15
16*. VamiPl'er'ii
Steamer.
Matteawan ..
!Sep.
City of Fuebli
Aroma
¦Wellington ..
San Mateo....
• iOys
.INai
Hor.Ita
Warflfiil
Australia ....
Newburgr ....
Mackinaw
Kureka
!Oys
.JHoi
'Gra
.Sea
,lHu:
ar
urt
t..
ISep.
iSep.
ISep.
ISep.
'Sep.
!S«a
LaKme
LX>1 Norte ....
Columbia
Pr.nta Rnna...
San Juan
Pomona
Point Arena..
Crescent City.
For
.I5=nr
iPar
[Hui
.Pol
ICre
r
a
n
;r
ii
tlann..
i Plego
lama. .
mboldt
nt Are
¦cent <
o..
t..
Ct
ta
Ity
»ep.
!<=»n.
ISep.
'Sep.
|Sep.
s*p-
Coos Bay
jNe>
wport..
Nippon Maru
na and
1 .
Walla Walla
•torla..
Tltanla
.INai
Empire
Corona
.!S«r
n Diesre
'Sep.
ST
vnxDJi
SE
Run
rises . .
Sun
sets ...
Moor
n rises
0
me
r
«ifc
Ft.!
w;
.1 T(
9 ...
10 ...
. 4:551
,.! 5:35!
0.7
l.l! '
4
|H Wl
!S
wi
It ...
12 ...
,.l 0:4«f
.1 1:46!
4.9!
«:
1..-
1.8
5.T1
5.7!
1 «:
13 ...
li ...
Iff
.! r.a\
. 4:^1
4.51
4.21
A 1'
:41
JS
¦s'
8'
. 5:19'SZXORA TETtESA RODEHIGTJEZ, KNOWN AS "SANTA TERES.
The Gentlemen's Sodality of St. Ignatius
Church, composed principally of graduates
of Sf. Ignatius and Santa Clara collges,
.will present in • October a performance
.that is expected to eclipse, any -of their
former efforts. • The "performance will be
given in the theater connected ¦ with St.
Ignatius College, l on ' Van Ness avenue,
and it Is expected to draw a large crowd.
The performance will be for -the benefit, of.
y-t. - ~ ¦' . . '¦ .,•-.¦*. •...J'....',.,-^^.--
St. Ignatius Sodality.
To-day is the sixth anniversary of the
occupancy of the new building, corner
Mason and* Ellis streets, by the Young
Men's Christian Association, and in com
memoration of the event special services
will be " held this afternoon. Addresses
will be made by the Rev. George C.
Adams, A. P. Black and State Secretary
W. M. Parsons. The Knickerbocker Male
Quartet will furnish music the
services.
Union Mass Meeting.
ment yesterday for $15 in favor of Marie
A. Castro, who Bued Frank F. Clark for
(65, which the fair plaintiff claimed to
nave loaned him.
It developed durlns the trial that Miss
Castro and Clark, who Is a barber on
Steuart street, were on very friendly
terms until he begun paying attention to
another woman. Then • It was that Miss
Castro visited - the barber shop one day
md laid claim to everything in the place,
Including Clark. She said she had loaned
him various sums. Including $15, to help
him start the business.
Clark denied that he had borrowed any
money from the lady, but Justice Dunn
thought the evidence that he had accept
sd the $15 was conclusive, and decided ao-'
lordingly. - , . ¦ /
________ »
Justice of the Peace Dunn gave Judg-
00K HER MONEY AND
MADE LOVE TO ANOTHER
NEW YORK, Sept 8.— Andrew Robert
son of Los Angeles Is at the Hoffman;
William Stanton <of Pasadena Is at the
Netherlaud; Henry Parget of San Fran
cisco is at the Holland.
CAXIFOB.NIANS DT NEW YORK.
Captain A. .E. Deier, one of Honolulu's
most prominent citizens, is at the Occiden
tal, accompanied by his family.
• Count de Faramond of the French Em
bassy at Washington, is In the city on a
pleasure trip. He Is a guest of the Pal
ace.
Dr. A. N. .Gall of Jackson, ¦ Amador
County, is staying at the .Palace. He Is
accompanied. by his wife. ' ;.;.*)
¦ F. Valentine, traveling passenger agent
of the Canadian ' Pacific, . 'has j returned
from a northern trip.
H. H. Hewlett, of Stockton, one of the
most widely known bankers of the State,
is At the Occidental.
Mr. and Mrs. M. "W. Mather of Piunv
bago mine fame are registered at the Oc
cidental. * ;•
i August C. Hihn, a prominent merchant
of Santa Cruz, is registered at the Occi
dental.
Jesse f>. Carr of Salinas Is at the Occi
dental.
Dr. and Mrs. Albert J. Scholl of Los An
geles are at the Grand Hotel.
A. L. Levlnsky, a well-known attorney
of Stockton, is a guest of the Palace.
PERSONAL MENTION.
Daring Feats of Horsemanship and
Acrobatic Work Will Be the
Features.
A few years ago the circus suited th«
public If plenty of horsemanship features
ivere furnished. From then on tho circus,
like everything else, has had its changes.
?Yom deeds of daring horsemanship the
public turned and its taste centered on
acrobatic performance's. This was fur
nished, but still the circus-goers remained
unsatisfied. Strange to relate the public
has returned to Its first love, and the cir
cus of to-day presents to the public a
Hat of daring riders the like of which
has never before been equaled.
In , Rlngllng- Brothers' Circus, which
opens here September 19, the most expert
equestrians will perform. The list of those
who have electrified the world with their
feats of horsemanship embraces such
names as the Rooney Trio, Edward Shipp,
Ceclle Lowande, William de Van, Dan
Leon, Elena Ryland; Julia Lowande, Nel
lie Fields, Sultana and Olga Reed. Albert
Crandall. whose burlesque riding on a
mule has been the talk' of the world, also
performs.
¦ The circus Is not simply a performance
wherein expert equestrianism Is displayed,
but has a list of acrobatic wonders whose
feats will astonish the spectators. Lock
hart's ¦ trained ' I elephants have, made a
great hit 1 In- th« East and O'Brien's fa
mous sixty-one horse act will attract at
tention. ¦
The' street parade will, according, to re
port, prove a thins: of beauty and prove
a forerunner of a most marvelous spec
tacle under the tent.
OMING CIRCUS MOST
MAGNIFICENT AFFAIR
Dr. C. F. Buckley, the well-known phy
sician, who was Injured in a runaway ac
cident while driving' on Van Xess ave
nue in Company wjt.h his brother-in-law.
C. W. Haskell, is completely recovered
and is now about town again. Mr. Has
kell is still . confined to the hospital.
Dr. Buckley Has Becovered.
Sawyer observed that Smith's gold watch
and chain had disappeared. He held the
other man, who proved to be Hunt, tilf
Policeman Fontana appeared and took
him Into custody.
Detective Ed Gibson was detailed on
the case yesterday to find the man who
has the watch and chain in his possession.
Edward Q, Hunt Is Arrested and
Charged With Stealing J., X.
Smith's Gold "Watch.
Edward G. Hunt. 1607 Folsbm street,
was locked up in "the tanks" early yes
terday morning and .'yesterday afternoon
was booked on a charge of grand- larceny.
The" complaining witness is J. K. Smith,
550 Mission street. .
Smith had been talking to William P.
Sawyer of engine No. 17, and' when leav
ing him crossed Sixth street. Sawyer saw
two men accost Smith and becoming sus
picious of their actions went to his as
sistance. One of the men ran away and
HELD CAPTIVE TILL A ,
POLICEMAN ARRIVED
sweet charity. The members have al
ready perfected themselves 'In their va
rious parts. • . .,
Mr. AVoolley declared that 53 per cent of
the voters of the country are members of
Christian churches and that 99 per cent of
all the 7,000.000 voters in the United States
are -Christians. If these would vote
against the liquor traffic the problem
would meet with quick solution^
The speaker insisted that .the liquor
traffic could he choked, not only by minis
ters of the Gospel and women "but by the
Christian voters of the country. Mr. Wool
ley had been advertised to speak in the
afternoon, but sent word that he was
unable to be present.
John G. Woolley, Prohibition nominee
for President, addressed an audience com
posed of about two hundred of his follow
ers In Metropolitan Temple last night.
Professor Walter Miller of Stanford Uni
versity presided and occupying seats on
tho platform were Rev. Dr. John A B
Wilson, Rev. Dr. H. H. Bell and several
other prominent prohibitionists of this
section of the State.
Addresses the Prohibitionists.
payment on promissory notes JoT.STO 20;
from "W. H. H. Hart in payment on notes',
$76,103 40; from Asrnes Bemmerly in pay
ment on notes. JI6.123; from N. H. A.
Mason In payment on notes. $14,500. an<i
from M. T. Kearny proceeds from sale of
800 shares Fr»sr.o Vineyard stock. JTS.STO.
The total cash p?Id out by Mrs. Drexler
amounts to SI38.U2S 33. leaving a balance
on hand of $01,147 3S. Of the sum expend
ed $294,202 50 was Invested in bonds.
Mrs. Drexler asks that the account bo
allowed and settled and an order be mail*
distributing decedentls estate In accord
ance with the provisions of his will.
Final Account and Petition for Dis
tribution Filed by the Execu
trix, His Wido-w.
The final account of Ellso A. Drexler,
executrix of the will of the late I^ouls P.
Drexler. was liled yesterday. Since do
cedent's death Mrs. Drexif r, as shown by
the account, has received in Cast] the sum
of $4fi9,172 Ktf From Florence Blytho-
Hinckley-Moore Mrs. Drexlcr received la
DREXLER'S ESTATE NOW
READY FOR SETTLEMENT
Railroad Hospital at Fourteenth and Mis
sion streets was in waiting. He died a
few minutes after reaching the hospital.
-» The victim of the accident was the
father of Martin Stevens, the well-known
Police Court attorney. He was about 60
years old and formerly kept a grocery at
4499 Seventeenth street, but he went into
solvency a few weeks ago. Coroner Cole
will hold an inquest next week.
mARTIN V. STEVENS, a railroad
foreman residing at 4499 Seven
teenth street, was run over and
killed yesterday morning by the
San Jose train* due here at 10:33 a. m.
Stevens was working with a gang of men
on a railroad bridge near Colma, in San
Mateo County, when the "train came
along. The rest of the men got out of the
way, but Stevens was slow in obeying
the warning and the locomotive pilot
struck him. He was dragged for some
distance before the train was stopped and
was badly mangled. Ills unconscious
form was taken on the train and brought
to the Twenty-fifth, and Valencia street
station, where an ambulance from the
Admission Day Programmes.
The pa?scrg»r department of the South
ern Pacific has printed, in convenient
pocket form, the programme of the Ad
rr.Jypion day celebration in large numbers
and placed them at all the principal hotels
find public places for free distribution.
They can also be obtained at the com
pany's information bureau, 613 Market
street, under the Grand Hotel.
In the Divorce Court.
TViniam "Was^taff has been granted a
<!Tvcrce from Annie 'Wagstaff on the
rround of desertion. Ar.na L. Ferguson
has fjed K- M. Ferguson for a divorce, al
leging failure to provide as <-aus* of ac
tion. Anrif K. .Mayer asks for a dl
rorce from Samuel Mayer on the ground
of cruelty.
5AJCTA TERESA, worshiped as di
vine by the Yaqui Indians, ban
ished from her native land by the
Mexican Government on the charge
of fomenting uprisings among the red
men, excommunicated by the Catholic
church as a heretic and wandering over
the rarth to do good by her powers of
healing which she believes divine in or
igin — Santa Teresa has come to San Kran
clsco. The sad-eyed Mexican girl comes
among skeptical Anglo-Saxon civilization
with an air of zealous and unselfish devo
tion to suffering humanity; with a bear
ing devoid of assumption and with no
tinge of hypocrisy, but a wide-awake
press agent and an Interpreter will see
that htr material interests do not suffer.
They lend a coloring of end-of-the-cen
tury enterprise to the self-sacrificing
plans of the Jeanne d'Arc of the Yaquls.
Teresa Vrrta, or Santa Teresa, or Se
nora Teresa Roderigues, since she was
lately married to an Arizona Mexican of
that name, gave an audience to newspa
per men yesterday afternoon in a parlor
of the Golden West "Hotel, and tried In
their presence her powers of healing.
She was born twenty-eight years ago In
the little town of Sinaloa, Mexico. Her
parents were of the poor agricultural
class and she is uneducated to the degree
that she has not even heard of Joan of
Arc or Saint Theresa. She claims that
when she was 16 years old she went into
a tranco which lasted three months and
eighteen days. During that time she per
formed miracles of healing, though she
was unconscious of her acts. Since then
she has had occasional trances, and often
feels, she says, an influence that she can
noi explain and a guidance- which she be
lieves Is supernatural in her treatment of
disease.
"I believe In God," Santa Teresa said
through her interpreter, "and In his
ability and willingness to endow human
beings with a portion of his divine power
to banish pain and suffering.
"I have never encouraged the Indians
to revolt or led them to believe that I
am divine. I have r.one among them,
healing their sick and trying to relieve
th«-ir wretchedness. 1 have been their
friend and In their ignorance they wor
shiped me. I pity the Indians of Sonora.
I wish they were careJ for and protected
Child Taken Down With Disease Will
Detain the Mail Boat Four
Days.
The Pacific Mail Company's steamer
Newport will remain In quarantine for
several days. A case of smallpox devel
oped while the ship was on her way here
and the vessel -was ordered to Angel Isl-"j
and as soon as the doctor got aboard.
The Newport did not bring many passen
gers.
S. R. Church, one of the oldest drav
men on the front, was perhaps fatally
hurt at the corner of Main and Market
streets yesterday. His wagon was in
collision with a Valencia-street . car
and a probable fracture of the skull may
cause his death. His Injuries were at
tended to by Dr. Putnam at the Harbor
Hospital. • <¦ .
CASE OF SMALLPOX
ON STEAMER NEWPORT
Santa Teresa also tried her magnetic
touch on the reporters. One of them had
had a roaring headache all day. and she
banished it by a few Svengali-llke passes.
It Is not believed he will suffer from head
ache untn he makes a night of it again.
Another of the reporters took treatment
for the verse-writing habit, but It is
feared the cure will not be permanent.
Santa Teresa will be at Metropolitan
Temple on alternate nights beginning
September 12 and lasting until September
19. She will treat the sick free of charge
at these meetings. She came to San Jose
recently from Arizona to treat a child
who was a paralytic and had been given
up to die. The child is getting well and
hundreds of wonderful cures In San Jose
are attributed to Santa Teresa, She
treated as many as a hundred persons a
day there. In El Paso she often treated
200 in a single day.
The patient who offered himself as a
sacrifice on the altar of, Investigation,
with reporters as assistant celebrants,
was P. J. Henndly, a commercial trav
eler, well known in San Francisco, who
for twelve years has been a sufferer from
hemiplepia, or paralysis of the lower por
tion of the body.
Banta Teresa had him stand before her
and she clasped his hands, his right hand
in her right and his left in her left, ami
fixed his gaze on her eyes. After a few
moments she released his hands and
placed her lingers on his temples, then
Ills shoulders, his arms, hips, and finally
his knees. Hennelly said afterward that
the sensation was much like that of a
strong magnetic battery, but without its
painful twinges. Under her influence he
could stand without the aid of his cane,
which he had not been able to do for
twelve years, and his knee joints seemed
to have gained greater flexibility.
"She certainly has wonderful magnetic
power." Hennelly said, "but I do not
think she has given me any relief that
will be permanent. I will say, however,
that the temporary effects of her treat
ment were wonderful."
as this country protects Its Indians.
But there they have no rights and I fear
they will be exterminated. I would do
anything for them, but I do not pretend
to have any power to lead them to bet
ter conditions. I can only heal their sick
and that I am not allowed to do."
Santa Teresa said she had left Guay
mas, El Paso, Nogales and other places
because of the contentions that her heal
ing had caused and- her fear that blood
shed would follow. She expressed the
greatest abhorrence for bloodshed and
strife and the cruel practices of her coun
trymen.
This strange woman is rather tall and
Blender. She has the grace and repoce
of her people. Her oyt-s and a mass of
raven-black hair add by contrast to the
waxy pallor of her complexion. Her
hands are slender and nervous.
Surveying party 2. in charsro of E. O.
Sanford. Is at present Invest iscatins th<>
American River and contiguous streams!
The party will proceed up th«» course of
the Truckee River and awtaln Jur,t what
objections are entertained by poonle own
ire water rlehts asrainst tho proposed
schem© to bring water from Tahoe to this
city.
If the lake should eventually b© selected
as the supply system Wagoner advises
that it be raised six Inches by the Von
Schmidt dam, and this will give San
Francisco all the water it nepd3 for many
years to come. He thinks Lake Tahoe haa
Its advantages in that it is a natural res
ervoir of itself and great expense couM
be avoided on that account. U'asoner
found much determined opposition on tho
part of Nevadans against the diversion of
the water to this State.
Luther "Wagoner, assistant engineer la
charge of field work in tho Board of Pub
lic "Works, returned yesterday from his
Inspection of Lake Tahoe, which I3 under
consideration as an available water supply
for San Francisco. After a. thorough In
vestigation Wagoner finds that this city
Is not particularly dependent on Lake.
Tahoe, as the waters of the Rubicon anil
American livers are as pure as those of
the lake and quite as available. He rec
ommends the purchase of a suitable site
near the streams named as a base of op
erations, as valuahle locations are betnjc
pre-empted by mining: ditch and power
companies. His party surveyed the so
called Von Schmidt route, which h© bo
lieves to be the proper one for piping the
Engineer "Wagoner Recommends tha
Purchase of an Available Site
by the City.
RETURNS FROM LAKE
TAHOE INSPECTION
I^apt Thursday. In company with Supervisor
BranflenFtein, the matter of phyetcal culture
fa* (Jifrufsed fully with Dr. Magnus and Wil
liam Flagman. I asked their assistance In
cr-rperatlrfr with u-» in eeeuring a suitable di
rector of physical culture. This ther agTee per
fectly to do. and I requested them to convey
the purpose of th* board to the different turn
vercirs. At En ecrly date I will address a com
rn-jnication to the German community, eettlnp
forth what the board hopes to do In the Una
of rhytlcel culture.
!n erfler to acquaint myself more fully &s to
the wishes of the «ierma.n element of our com
munity, I have had E^\»ral conferences with
TVilUam Placeman and Supervisor Branden
ftela. These rcen aprte perfectly with the plan
outlined by xnj self to them relative to physical
culture.
The board lnt«-n<5* nt It? earliest opportunity
to r>.re pt&stca! culture in the department on
R scientific end peda^c-Rical basis. A person to
ir.irod'jcp this wrrk would I* a jrraduate physi
etJin ix' . ' n TTjan of culture and refinement.
This ire hope to Feoure by carefully looking into
the credent is.\* of fom<- of the leading r>h3-sical
culture men of our country.
Th» thre» mr-n who were employed <!Id not
cert-r iraonc therr.selw^s a* to the bent method
of pursuir_e th«:r -work, hut all t^eem to have
& Atffcrefit view and different j'lan. They also
or.:y taveht ene-hal? riay. anrt two of the men
stated that if the boarii riMOld require them to
teach a whole day they would find it necessary
to resign.
The petitions rued r>y the German so
cieties do not irisiFt on the reappointment
of th#> denoted teachers, but only that
physical culture l>»- taken up again on
broad tines. This will be done, but prob
ably not before next January, as the
funds will not permit its installation this
year. We b<--!ieve heart;ly in physical cul
ture and will certainly take it up again."
Mayor Phelan has evidently taken the
beard to task for its abolition of physical
culture in ihe school?. Mark sent a com
munication to his Honor yesterday in re
sponse t" his inquiries on the subject.
Xaxk informs the Mayor that the board
i? in sympathy with the teaching of the
ftudy. but believe* the way it has been
tfl upht has not. the approval of those dl
rectly Interested in the branch. The let
ter continue.":
"A number of Germans whom I inter
viewed on the subject," said Mark, "ex
pressed themselves in favor of physical
culture, but nope insisted on the reln-
Fintc-ment r>f Stahl. Michling and Barth.
The hoard obj*-<-t«-il to the system taught
by the teacher? on the ground that It
ru not Ftri<;!j' up to date. 1 shall rec
nmmend that a specialist be appointed.
even if it is necessary to import one from
the Er.Ft. an.i n's-'. tb»t he be given aev
< ral capable assistants.
Mark wa? delegated as a committee of
one to Investigate th<* petitions, and after
conferring: with what he calls the lnflu
rr.tial German citizens he came to the
conclusion that while he was in favor of
The restoration of physical culture the
branch would be undertaken by some
Eastern <xvcrt who would be Imported
for the purpose. Several assistants will
br- eprtninted. a:xl these also will in all
probability be engaged in the East, just
cs '.tic supervisor of manual training, C.
T. Work, and three assistants were em
ployed. Mark is evidently not a believer
in loc^I talent.
Chairman Mr.rk of the Board of Educa
tion announced yestordny that it had been
drc5<3cd not to reinstate Professors Stahl,
Miehllng and Barth. who were recently
removed from their positions as special
tosLchera of physical culture. This action
!? a dcr.lal of the petition of many Ger
rr.su societies askinp that the three de
posed teachers be restored to their posi
tions.
Informs Mayor Phelan That the
Board Hopes to Place This
Branch on a Scientific
Basis. . -
Will Import a Number oi
Athletic Experts From
the East
MARK OPPOSES
LOCAL PHYSICAL
INSTRUCTORS
VOLUNTEERS ARE
NOW BEING SENT
TO THEIR HOMES
Soldiers Who Have Defended
Flag in Foreign Lands
Discharged.
Will Rejoin Their Families Instead
of Being Sent to Their Regi
ments, Which Are Com
ing Home.
Most of the convalescents are suffering
from chronic dysenteiy, which does not
require detention at the hospital. Not a
few of them are suffering from the effects
of wounds received in action and several
are so maimed that Uncle Sam's pension
roll will be greatly Increased. The men
are happy at the prospect of an early re
turn to their homes instead of a return *o
the Philippines, which seemed inevitable.
The War Department r.as made an appro
priation of $o50 for the erection of a cor-^
ral for the stabling- of grlandered horses.
During the last few months property In
the stables at the Presidio valued at sev
eral hundred dollars has ha^ to be de
stroyed owing to the rjresence of glanders
among the horses of the Ninth Cavalry.
David J. Van Meter, private of the
Thirteenth Infantry, died yesterday at
the general hospital of dysentery.
A small blaze broke out ysterday in
the barracks • lately renovated and now
used as a hospital. The fire was extin
guished before much damage was done.
The concert Riven in the-mfsa hall of
the general hospital by the Bohemian Club
quartet Friday night was a source of
much pleasure to the- patients. Colonel
Glrard will use his utmost endeavors to
have tho concerts given. weekly, and says
he knows of nothing that could be done
for the sick and wounded heroes that will
prove as beneficial as- these- concerts. At
the clpse of th© concert,- when a cheer for
the quartet was called for, many a poor
fellow whose voice was last raised on the
battlefield and who now found it a pain
ful effort to speak above a whisper joined
in the three hearty ones and a tiger.
Captains E. V. Bookiniller and Charles
R. Noyes, who were wounded In the battle
of Tientsin, have been granted leave of
absence for one month, with permission to
apply to the Secretary of War for an ex
tension.
The firBt lot of volunteers to be dis
charged under the order lately Issued by
the War Department appeared yesterday
at the general hospital for medical exam
ination. They numbered 190 and! the doc
tors and assistants found their physical
condition fair. A complete descriptive list
of the men was made and will be filed
at Washington.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SKFllEMJSJSK 9, 190®.
TERESA COMES IN
CAUSE OF MERCY
Mexican Girl Famed as the Joan
of Arc of Yaqui Indians of So
nora Is in San Francisco.
MARTIN V. STEVENS IS
KILLED BY A TRAIN
40
A SOUTHERN PACIFIC FORE
MAN MEETS SUDDEN DEATH.
Dr. E. I* Perrault has resumed practice
t 83$ Butter, st, . _. - ' - ¦ .:___ • <
WE GREET YOU
GOLDEN GATE
CLOAK AND SUIT HOUSE
1230-1232-1234 Market Street.
The Largest Exclusive Cloak and Suit House
West of New York.
•''¦¦;i ¦¦¦¦-
I RETAILED I
I AT WHOLESALE PRiCES, [
THE VERY LATEST, THE MOST PERFECT FITTING
AND THE BEST FINISHED GARMENTS.
1500 LATEST STYLE TAILOR-MADE SUITS
S4.00 to 575.00
1200 LATEST STYLE TAILOR-MADE JACKETS
$5.00 to S35.00
850 -LATEST: STYLE GOLF AND CLOTH CAPES
-• • ¦,'¦ '¦¦ • <l^ 8?fi -tr\ C/*O Art
loop'- LATEST STYLE CLOTH AND SILK SKIRTS
$1.75 to $35.00
FUR CAPES, SCARFS AND JACKETS AT LOWEST PRICES.
CHILDREN'S JACKETS AND CAPES IN LARGE VARIETY.
The constant labor of four persons for
an entire. year. Is required to product* a
cashmere shawl of the best quality.
Hale's.
Sale's.
Hale's.
Eh ' •
" THE CREDIT HO USE"\
Six Stori-s High •
Ladies Dressing Table in quar-. j
tered, Golden Oak. ; Beveled, j
French plate swinging mirror, i
Ample drawer. Design & fin- -!
ish to please and ornament.
Material & workmanship that i
makes its use & beauty lasting
$7.25 i
Forty-nine other styles of Dressing ;
Tables to suit your taste and your i
purse. Up. to $60.
Furniture for . Little Folk, too.
Carriages and Go-carts, no end. j
Dainty cribs in oak, rattan & brass '¦
for the household treasure. High
Chairs for the little fellow when
he dines; some for 75 cents.
Lace Panels
Drapery Department — A large, new
lot, of exquisite design and exclu-
sive pattern for artistic homes.
36 x 42 inches
; Genuine Arabian Imitation Arabian
' Battenberg Irish Point
Brussels Point de Callas
CARPET DEPARTMENT
Black Fur Rugs. Real foot-warm-
ers. Silken, glossy fur. A rug for
winter comfort; regularly $3; $150
Free Delivery, Oakland. Alameda, Berkeley
M. FRIEDMAN & CO.
(Incorporated) J -
233 235 237 Post St Open Evenings
ft hr& '^^iljiff^ I TRADE MARK ON EACH SHOE. I
I piiSj SHEPUTHERF00T I
I For the first time! " Rather a |
j; V^^S^S^P^ pleasant surprise, for it hap- 3
[ «ffl*»JE«»! pened to be the "Sorosis" 1
\il*>^^iik Shoe. Other surprises fol- |
t k^2%u^S$\ lowed— on seeing Oxfords and 1
i fj£r*"vlk Shoes in forty-five styles and 1
I -^^fe^^^^k ln sucn desirable leathers as 1
r? BfA^^kftSi Patent Calfskin, Kid, Russian E
fj CaIf and Vici - Sizes ones to I
fi fcgg|||||||rA nines. Widths AAA to EE. k
1 I^^^I F0RTY - FIVE STYLES AT I
« SOLD EXCLUSIVELY AT EJ
n 50 Third Street, Pjj
(1 Second Shoe Store From Market, 1
[: SAN FRANCISCO. R
U CATALOGUE READY. H