VOLUME LXXXTTII— NO. 112.
GALVESTON', Tex., Sept. 15.—Addi
tional names of the dead at Galveston
have been reported as follows:
A-
C. L. Anderson, wife and children.
Mrs. Powell Adashek and four children.
Mrs. M. E. Burnes and children: "William
B'.ening, wife and three children; T. M. Bur
wril; Larsea Buren. wife and five children;
Joha Bemarfiine: Captain G. Butter.
Sirs. Cfcarfes Chouke and children; Mrs. Ellen
Coeno:iy: Mrs. All* Cook (colored); Henry
Cook (colored).
Charles Carp*, wife- and four children: Au
rust CaribaMl and family: Mrs. Mary Check
and one child; William Clark; Rachael Co
lom« «* children.
P..D. «• Boer ar.fi wife; Jame» Doyle; Mrs.
Mary Dlck'.neon and children (colored).
John Deerlng-. wife and eVx children; Leo
Druct.
Henry Ellis (colored); Mrs. Jane Edwards
erd cauKhter feolored).
E4 Eckart btA family rJoha Ellrworth.
F.
J A. C. Falco: FVank F"a*aJi: Mrs. France*
Ftser; IQss ASM Frank; Fritx Flake.
P. IT. Ga!nfr and wife; Ceiyt, wife and
exuEhtcr; H. H. Goldmer. wife and five chil
dren. „
William Gerloff and wife; Mr«. Emlle Ger
loff: Mm. C. F. GerlofT; T. B. Glbbs. wife and
four children: desert, wife and daughter:
Mr*. Amelia. Ar.thcny. Rossa, Theodore, Vlr
rinls, and Julia Giozza.
W. A. Hess* ax-A wife; Mike Hoch: L.. Heare.
wlf© anfl twelve '•fcildren; Joe Horoburg. wife
ana four children: William Homburg. wife and
five children; Mrs. Victoria Hurlbert, Mls« Mln
r.ie Waiter and Hattle (colored); Professor
Carl llass and wife.
Laura and LutfcT HaroldVJohn Herree; Mr«.
A. R. Hartman and thrv* children; H. Hein
roth and four children: w. II«>ydown a.nd wife;
J. L. Hlfhtowcr and child of Dallas; Bessie
Hood Ccclorcd.).
A. Johneon and wife; Oan Johnson (colored):
Sarah Jackson: ESfln?y Johnson; Ernest
Jonee; Evani Jone« an4 four children; Wil
liam Jones 6r.; Ben Juris, wife and four chll-
Cre»s
Vaults Blown Up With Nitro-
Olycerin — S20.000 in Securities
and S5OOO in Cash Taken.
TOPEKA, Kans., Sept. 19. — Word
reached here, to-day that the State Bank
of Bushton. a small town In Rice County,
was entered by burglars and looted early
Sunday morning. The safe was blown
open with nltro-glycerin and the robbers
sot away with $5000 In cash and *3>.000 In
securities. The bank carried an Insur
ance of $3000 on its contents In the Bank
ers' Casualty Company. There Is no clew
to the robbers.
KANSAS BANK LOOTED
BY DARING ROBBERS
I>eclared They Would Close Their
Establishments Unless Their
Claims Were Granted.
PARIS. Sept. 19.— A large number ot
concession holders of the exposition and
proprietors of sldo shows, restaurants,
etc.. who allege that they are threatened
with ruin, owing to the excessive demands
of the authorities and th« /allure of th»
latter to fulfill their original engagement*,
announced their decision to-day to close
their establishments to-morrow unless the
authorities would consent to submit their
claims to an arbitration committee. M.
Picard. director general, was inexorable,
but In face of the decision of the con
cessionaires, the execution of which would
mean disaster to the fete which will bo
given Saturday at the exposition to the
22,000 visiting Mayors, after their banquet
In the garden of the Tulleries, M. Mll
lerand. Minister of Commerce, has con
sented to the appointment of arbitrators.
This Is a victory for the concessionaires,
who designedly fixed the strike prior to
Saturday's fete In order to force the Gov
ernment's hands.
CONCESSION HOLDERS AT
EXPOSITION ON STRIKE
Mrs. Flora Warren; George "Wilkinson, wife
and eon; Mr*. Julia Wilson and child (colored).
L. Weeder, wife and six children; F. W.
Weideman and wife; Miss Mary Winburger;
John Williams.
Y.
Ferdinand Tours.
Z.
Mrs. X. Zurapanln and elffBt cttlfirsn.
James Varnel, wt/e and six children; Andrew
Vuletach. wife and daughter.
Mrs. Vogel and daughter Bertha; Mrs. Vale
ton and daughter; Miss Varas.
H. Kose and wife; Mrs. Herman Radeker and
child; William Rehm, wife and two children;
Louis Reymanscott; William Richardson; Rob
ert Rutther. wife and six children.
Louis Reymar.endt: Margaret. Maud and El
vira. Rust; Richardson and family.
s.
TT. Eteerholz and wife; O. J. Selble Jr.; Mrs.
Lottie A. Schroeder; John Swan, wife and four
children.
Earn Smith (colored)'; Joseph Spaldlnp; Mrs.
Studley and two children; Mrs. J. A. Sullivan
5. Terrell and wife.
N.
Henry Neimeyer. wife and five children.
Conrad Xecey. wife and six children.
H. K. Patterson: Miss S. Patterson (colored);
Lucy and Lotta Perkins (colored): Mm. I*
Perkins and two children (colored); Michael
Paroblch. wife and four children; John Paro
blch, wife ar.d three children; Henry Pruessne;
Matthew Panlett.
II. Pcrrler. wife and child: ¦William Powell
and wire: Lizzie Pucle.
tV. P. Mitchell; H. P. McConnelly and wife:
Jim MeGowan; Mrs. J. M. McVeag-h; Mark
Manning; James Meade.
Mayeach and family; Fannie Maars; Wil
liam H. McCauley, wife and thre« children; M.
O. Melloe; Henry Miller and family.
T. Lemere and wife: Mrs. "W. H., "W. H. Jr.
and Mies Eunice Lisbon?, daughter of C. P.
Ll&bony; Charles Lehman and son.
Mauy I. Leasek; Theodore Ledtsch; Miss
Elma Levy of Victoria; Luddie (colored):
Mark Levls, wife and two children (colored).
r August. Lena, Emma, and James "H. Kessner;
Miss Ti!lle Keats; Edna Kuhl.
GREATER GROWS LIST
OF GALVESTON DEAD
POTTS VILL.E, Pa., Sept. 19.— Captain
Daniel Christian of the Philadelphia, and
Reading Iron and Coal Company police
to-night marshalled 100 deputies at this
place. . Part of the force was sent to the
Northumberland region. More will be
sent to-morrow to protect the Philadel
phia and Reading mine workers In the up
per part of the region. The Reading
Collieries.
Beading Company "Will Police It3
PROTECTING THE MEN AT WORK
The miners are satisfied with their scale,
but are striking In the hope of gaining the
raise for the day laborers.
KNOXVILLE, Tenn., Sept. 19.— A spe
cial to the Sentinel from Coal Creek says
about 300 miners and day laborers em
ployed by the Coal Creek Coal Company
are out on strike. The men demanded that
day laborers be given an Increase In
wages which would make their pay
equivalent to that of laborers employed
by other companies In the Coal Creek and
Jellico districts. The company refused to
grant more than a general raise of 7%
per cent, as agreed- upon at. the Jellico
conference last week.
on Strike.
Thre Hundred Coal Creek Miners Ga
READING. Pa., Sept. 19.— The feature
of the- coal situation to-night Is that ship
ments to the West have been cut down
considerably and that they will become
smaller In that direction as the product
from the mines becomes less. The de
mands of the local trade along the At
lantic seaboard are so enormous that
every carload is needed In the Reading:
Company's own territory. Western cities
have sent In enormous orders and it Is
now recognized that they will be the first
to suffer if a coal famine should set In.
It is believed that there will be a falling
off in shipments at the end of the week.
TO AID THE DAY LABORERS.
the Atlantic Seaboard.
Enormous Demands for Coal Along
ing their object. They said that the op
erators they represented are willing 1 to
adjust the principal grievances embodieJ
in the demands of the Hazleton conven
tion and they are anxious to get their
proposition to National President Mitch
ell. It is believed that If they can ef
fect their object other operators will fol
low in the same line.
WESTERN SHIPMENTS ARE CUT.
LOWELL. Mass.. Sept. 19.— Two hun
dred employes of the Merrimac 'packing,
room to-day struck In sympathy with th»
print workers, over 400 of whom are on
strike on account of being required to
work overtime without any Increase In
pay.
In a Sympathetic Strike.
Company Intends to thoroughly police Its
collieries In order that the strikers will
not be able to interfere with miners who
wish to work.
kle, Alvin M.arkle and General Superin
tendent Smith of the mines came along
the track and the trio stood on, the cinder
embankment of the road and listened to
the strike leader exhort his hearers. All
around them, sitting on the embankment,
¦were the wives, mothers," sisters and
sweethearts of the men. while the - : school
children gazed from the windows of the
he was invited to speak. As he walked up
the steps of the schoolhouse John Mar-
Markles one of the miners in the crowd
moved that the men in the Marklo mines
Btrike. A viva voce vote was taken and
there was a great roar of "Yes."
President Mitchell was In the crowd and
ner, but gradually degenerated into im
passioned argument and wound up very
close, to personalities.
Over, a thousand persons were present
at the meeting. Before the arrival of the
HAZLETON. Pa.. Sept. 19.— The
third day of the strike passed off
as quietly, as the two preceding
days. Beyond the occasional
stoning of a mine worker going
to or. from his work there has been no
disorder. It was estimated to-night that
about 70 per cent of the mine workers of
this region were idle to-day, which 13
quite an increase over yesterday's figures.
President Mitchell did not issue a formal
statement to-night because of his ab
sence from headquarters. He said, how
ever, from reports he had received he
figured on more than 126,000 men being
idle in the anthracite district. He added
that most gratifying reports were re
ceived from this and the Schuylkill dis
trict.
No negotiations for a settlement of the
strike are yet In sight and the situation
in that respect is precisely the same as
it was yesterday.
The United Mine Workers of this section
are confining their efforts to get the men
to quit work everywhere, believing that
they cannot successfully carry on the con
test unless every operation in the three
districts is tied up completely. The oper
ators appear to be doing nothing toward
a settlement of the trouble. ' They are
working the collieries which are crippled
as best they can.
The mine owners In the Hazleton district
complain bitterly of what they call the
"cruel tactics" of the union. They claim
that the workmen, who -are still going to
; the mines are being Intimidated and even
! threatened with serious bodily harm 12
they do not quit work. They also add
that most of the men now Idle desire
to resume work, but through fear of as
sault they do not leave their homes.
The meeting this afternoon at Jeddo of
the employes of G. B. Markle & Co., who
operate the Jeddo, Ebervale, Highland
and Oakdale collieries, proved to be prob
ably the most remarkable gathering of its
kind ever held In the anthracite regions.
It was expected to be a heart-to-heart
talk between John Markle, managing
partner of the firm, and his employes,
who number 2S00. but it developed into a
joint debate, in which Mr. Markle, Presi
dent Mitchell, Rev. Father Phillips and
National Committeeman Benjamin James
took part. It began in a dignified man-
one-story building and the schoolmaster
stood at the door.
Mr. Mitchell said in brief tha,t he re
gretted that the men of the Markle mines
were divided but was glad that those who
opposed the strike were in the minority.
He said the eyes of 138,000 miners were
looking toward them and that if all
stopped work the victory would be won;
but. on the other hand, if a few went to
work it would injure the interests of all
the men.
Then John Markle made his way toward
the crowd of miners and started to ad
dress the men. Mr. Markle was unable
to speak for a while because of interrup
tions by many in the crowd. Several of
the United Mine Workers' officials at
tempted to get the crowd to disperse and
not to listen to Mr. Markle. The latter,
however, won over the gathering. He told
them the company stood ready to arbi
trate any differences with the men. He
said the company had an arbitration
agreement of long standing with the' men
and that he would live up to it, and ex
pected the men to do the same. He also
said that he would abide by the decision
of the arbitrators, no matter what the
award might be. Mr. Markle concluded
his address by paying his respects to the
United Mine Workers' officials, calling
them agitators and charging them with
being responsible for all the turmoil In
the region.
Mr. Mitchell then got on the steps, and,
standing beside Mr. Markle, told the
crowd that the United Mine Workers
would not accept arbitration on that
basis. It must be the whole region and
not a part of It.
Mr.' Markle again addressed the men
and reiterated what he said last Sunday—
that he would accept Archbishop Ryan as
an arbitrator, to which Mr. Mitchell re
plied that he would accept the Archbishop
on the basis that the United Mine Work
ers proposed, arbitration for the whole
region at one and the same time.
At this point Father Phillips, who was
In the crowd, was called upon and de
livered a speech favoring arbitration. He
told the men that there was a chance to
arbitrate their honest differences, and if
they did not seize the opportunity they
would be giving organized labor the hard
est blow it has ever been dealt and that
all the men who refused the offer de
served all the hardship that the operators'
could put upon them in a hundred years.
President Mitchell and Mr. Markle
again spoke, and Benjamin, James also
addressed the men, 1 but their remarks
were largely of a personal nature. The
meeting lasted two hours, breaking up at
twilight. Iftipl
The strike leaders claim that as a re
sult of the meeting the Markle mines
will be closed. to-morrow, while the firm
claims that'the meeting was a packed one
and that its mines will operate to-mor
row as usual.
The McAdoo marchers to the number of
250 marched to Coleraine this afternoon,
where they gathered quite : a crowd and
listened to addresses by strike leaders.
'. ¦ m
Agree to Return to Work.
I., LEBANON, Pa., Sept. 19.— At 4 meeting
President Mitchell of the United Mine Workers says that 126,000 men in the anthracite coal
fields have quit work. Marching has begun in the Haselton district, and timid people fear a repetition of
the horror of 1807, when the marchers were shot doivn by deputies. So far, however) no overt acts have
been committed, and the marchers have induced several hundred miners to quit zvork. Mine operators
continue to threaten to fight the United Mine Workers' Union to a finish.
to-day about three-quarters of the 1200
men employed by the American Iron and
Steel Company, who struck on August 1
on account of a reduction of wages of
puddlers, agreed to go back to work at
the rate offered, $3 per ton.
DID NOT ATTEMPT FORCE.
Expected Clash in the Lykens Region
Sidetracked.
PHILADELPHIA, Sept. 13.— All was
quiet in the entire coal field to-day. Even
the much-advertised clash in the Lykens
region of the Pennsylvania Railroad Com
pany was sidetracked through the de
cision of the strikers at Lykens that it
would be unwise to march on the non
union strikers at Willlamstown and force
them to quit work. Nevertheless there
were fewer men at work to-day than yes
terday, President Mitchell claiming that
more than 126,000 men are now idle. Con
tradictory reports come from the Schuyl
kill region, one to the effect that the
strikers at Morey, after being out two
days, had decided to-night to return to
work to-morrow, but this is received with
incredulity at strike headquarters.
The mine operators, after generally
maintaining' a silence for several days, are
showing a disposition to talk for publi
cation, and as a result several statements
from their side are printed. All breathe
the same spirit— no recognition of the
United Mine Workers and a fight to the
finish with President Mitchell and his fol
lowers.
Marching makes the timid men and wo
men in the Hazleton region nervous be
cause of the terrible result of that sort
of campaign in 1S57, when the deputies
shot down marchers. Marching began tn
earnest there to-day. The marchers were
peaceful, however, and they succeeded In
inducing several hundred' men to quit
work, temporarily at least.
The Reading Company is getting ready
to reap the harvest presented to it by the
tieup in the other coal districts. Nearly
all of its collieries in the SchuylklU re
gion have been working three-quarter
time, but orders were to-day issued plac
ing them en full time and henceforth all
the mines will be operated to their full
capacity. Even with this extra output
the company cannot supply the demand
and It served notice on. the West to-day
that extraordinary orders could not be
filled.' i Meanwhile reports are coming
from all parts of the country of large in
crease in the price of coal to consumers
to keep the orders down.
SEEKING A SETTLEMENT.
Committee of Miners to Consult With
Operators.
. SHAMOKIN, Pa., Sept. 19.— The most
Important development of the coal miners'
strike which has occurred since Its incep
tion Is the effort made to-day by a com
mittee Of miners employed at the Natalie
colliery, Mount Carmel, who are in close
touch with the operators who control that
mine— all New York capitalists— to secure
a settlement They came here this after
noon to consult with several leading mine
officials as to the best method of eftect-
MAP SHOWS LOCATION OF THE ANTHRACITE COAL FIELDS OF PENNSYLVANIA AFFECTED BT THE
STRIKE. SEVEN COUNTIES ARE CONTAINED IN THE TERRITORY SHOWN, THERE ARE THREE
DISTRICT HEADQUARTERS OF THE STRIKRRS- ATv EHAMOKIN, HAZLETON AND WILKESBABRE. * '
LONDON. Sept. 19.— Lord Roberts tele
graphs from Nelspruit, Vaal River Col
ony, under date of Tuesday, September
IS, that the town was occupied on the
previous day without opposition. He adds
he is in communication with General Bul
ler and Is able to send him supplies.
SPITZKOP. Sept. 19.— General Viljoen,
who succeeded Louis Botha In the su
preme command of the Transvaal forces,
is reported to be moving northward in the
direction of Hectorsprult. with 3000 men
and thirty guns. He is known as "the
Firebrand," and will endeavor to protract
the war.
Lord Roberts further says General Bul
ler reports that the bulk of his opponents
are now mercenaries and Cape Colony
rebels.
LORENZO MARQUES, Monday. Sept.
17. — Mr. Kruger. the former President of
the South African republic, will not sail
for Europe on the German steamer Her
zog Monday, September 24, as he origi
nally intended.
THE HAGUE, Sept. 19.-The Govern
ment of the Netherlands has been noti
fied of Mr. Kruffer's acceptance of It3
offer to place a warship at his disposal
to convey him from Lorenzo Marques to
Holland.
General Viljoen, Supreme Commander of
Boer Forces, Marching Northward With
3000 Men and Thirty Guns.
ENDEAVORS TO PROTRACT
THE SOUTH AFRICAN WAR
VANTOrVER, B. C, Sept. 19.— In an
Ir/rrview with Lieutenant R. P. Hobson,
7:: Wished 5n a local paper, Hobson Is
qu^tod as paying- that AdmiraJ Dewey did
not Fir.k the Spanish phips at Manila, but
that the Spaniards opened the valves and
scuttled the ships themselves. He bases
his conclusions upon the fact that he saw
the hulls cf the Spanish flf-et when the
Fhips had been taken to Hongkong for
repairs, arid he says those hulls were un
ir.jured below the water line. The per
tlr.er.t part of the Interview follows:
Asked in what condition he found the
hulls of the Isla de Cuba, the Isla de
Luzon and the rest of the fleet when he
arrived at Hongkong to superintend re
pairing operations. Lieutenant Hobson
ssJd:
"The damage to the hulls was mainly
the result of the six months" submersion.
The upper -works had been badly damagred
by fire, the woodwork having been de-
Ftroyed and the iron plates being badly
-wlsted by the heat."
"What, In your opinion, was the direct
cnuse of the foundering of the vessels?"
he was asked.
"Oh. the Spaniards pulled out the plugs
Naval Constructor Declares Montojo's Men
Themselves Scuttled the Vessels in
the Enemy's Fleet.
and opened the valves. They sank the
ships themselves. Our shell fire did very
little damage."
"Then they were not. Injured below the
water "HneT*
"Very little," replied Hobson- "We had
practically done them no damage there
at all."
j WASHINGTON, Sept. 19.— If Naval
j Constructor Hobson has made any reflec-
I tions upon Admiral Dewey he undoubted
'¦ ly Trill be called to account for them. Rear
i Admiral Crownlnshield, Chief of the Bu-
I reau cf Navigation, who is acting Secre
' tary. ¦was disinclined to discuss the matter
i to-night in the absence of full particulars.
j Attention is called, however, to the fact
I that Secretary Long: reprimanded Captain
' Chadwick several months ago for the pub
lication of an unauthorized interview re
; fleeting upon Rear Admiral Schley, and if
'. Hobson has committed an indiscretion he
I undoubtedly will receive similar punish-
I ment. If the interview contains any
i strictures upon Admiral Dewey's conduct
I of the battle it will be referred to Hob
| son for such remarks as he desires to
i make, and when .his explanation is re
i ccived the department will act.
HOBSON SAYS DEWEY SANK
NO SPANISH SHIPS OF WAR
Mem Have. Commenced' to March .and
There Are Pears of a Repetition of 'the
HaJzeltom Shooting of '97. ¦ .
STRIKE OF MINERS
CONTINUES TO SPREAD
RENO, Sept. ID.— One of the most dar
ing robberies ever recorded in this State
occurred at "Winnemucca to-day at noon.
Three masked men, with drawn revolvers,
entered the front door of the First Na
tional Bank and compelled the cashier to
hand over gold coin to the amount of $20,-
C00. Laden with their valuable loot they
then dashed from the building and made
good their escape, replying with a volley
of bullets to the scattering shots fired at
them by citizens on the streets.
The entrance of the robbers into the
First Xational'Bank was first heralded by
the curt demand:
"Throw up your hands, every one
of you!"
Cashier Nixon made a move as though
to draw a revolver, but the weapon of one
of the outlaws was aimed at him and he
threw up his hands just in time to save
his life. The robbers then threatened
with instant death the first man who
made any show of resistance.
There were five persons in the bank at
the time — Cashier Nixon, Assistant Cash
ier McBrlde, Bookkeeper Hill, Sten
ographer Calhoun and a horse-buyer
named Johnson.
One robber, at the point of a pistol,
made Cashier Nixon open the safe and
took from it three- sacks of gold coin,
each containing $5000. They then threw
this gold into an ore sack, together with
all the coin In the office drawer, amount-
Ing to from $6000 to $3000. The robbers
then marched the five men out through
the back door of the bank to the alley,
where they had three horses in waiting.
The men were kept covered with revolvers
until the desperadoes mounted their
horses and escaped.
The whole affair occurred within five
minutes and was a most daring piece of
work. An alarm was quickly given and
several shots were fired at the robbers as
they sped through the town, but without
effect. They returned the fire, but no
one was hurt. .
Officers and armed citizens have started
in pursuit of the robbers, who took a
course up the river. A posse has also
started from Golconda to head them ¦off
and it is thought they cannot escape.
The amount obtained by the trio la not
known to a certainty, but is in the neigh
borhood of $20,000.
Fr^nk M. Lee of Reno, president of the
Winnemucca bank, was interviewed in
repard to the robbery and said that he
had no information, other than that al
ready given out.
"There are at present fifteen heavily
armed men. well mounted, in pursuit of
the robbers." said Mr. Lee. "and as there
is a good reward offered for their capture,
dead or alive, I do not think they can
escape."
Mr. Lee went to Winnemucca to-night
t and will immediately organize other
posses. He will spare no expense in the
effort to capture the desperadoes.
At the time of the robbery the bank
i contained over &O.00O In coin, but the
' greater part of it was overlooked by tha
robbers and baps containing silver were
handed over, while the gold was retained.
: Up to a late hour no news had been
I received from the pursuing parties.
Special Dispatch to The Call
Laden With Coin- to the Value of $20,
000 They Dash Out of the Town
and Make Good Their Escape.
Walk Into the Place at Noon and Com
pel the Cashier to Hand Over
His Sacks of Gold.
MASKED BANDITS LOOT
THE FIRST NATIONAL
BANK OF WINNEMUCCA
There are rumors cf attacks on the rail
road and of trouble in Manila. Refugees
ar<? arriving: here from Lacuna. Moron?:
end Pampanjra provinces. The natives of
Manila are restless and many are leav
ing the city.
The hostile demonstration? are partic
ularly marked along the railroad and on
MANTLA. Sept. 19.— During the last
«*v«n days there has been a distinct in
crease In insurgent aggression, particular
ly near Manila along the railroad and in
the provinces of Laguna, Morong. Bulu
can. Nueva Ecija and Pampanga, cul
minating Monday in an engagement near
Einllcan, at the east of Laguna de Bay,
In which detachments of the Fifteenth
ar.<5 Thirty-seventh United States Infan
try Regiments, ninety men all told, met a
thousand insurgents armed with rifles and
Intrenched.
The American loss was twelve killed,
Including Captain David Mitchell and
Beeond Lieutenant George A. Cooper, both
of the Fifteenth Infantry: twenty-Fix
wosnded and five missing, who are prob
•ably dead.
The enemy had been pursued for several
Cays.
AMERICAN TROOPS
ARE ATTACKED BY
FIERCE FILIPINOS
Ninety Men of the Fifteenth and Thirty-
Seventh Infantry Fight a Thou
sand Insurgents.
Loss to United States Force Is Twelve
Killed, Including Two Officers,
and Twenty-Six Wounded.
the shores of Lagnna de Bay. The Insur
gents have attacked garrisons and out
posts. In some cases they have charged
towns, fleeing when pursued. Guiglnto,
Polo. Malolos and Caloocan have been
subjected to this treatment. The Manila
mall escort of thirty men was attacked at
Cabugao Lake, a two hours' fight ensu
ing. Cabugao was also attacked, the tele
graph office there being destroyed. The
Insurgents have burned the village of
Rosarlo. They have been cutting the
telegraph wires and railroad at certain
points.
Armed Insurgents have developed In the
districts of San Jose, San Mateo and
Mariqulna. In the province of Kueva
Eclja ration wagons with an escort of
twelve were attacked and the wagons
burned, rive members of the escort are
missing. Advices from Cebu describe sev-
eral attacks upon American garrisons
near the capital. The American casual
ties, outside the Siniloan engagement, it
is difficult to ascertain, but they are at
least fifteen.
The Philippine Commission held a long
session to-day and passed the civil ser
vice bill.
SAN FRANCISCO, THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 20, 19OO.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
B.
C.
D.
H.
w.
V.
L.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALLMr. Bryan declared that the Republi
cans were disposed to make a great deal
over a rise in farm products and to give
very little attention to; the .increase in
price of what the farmer has to buy.- If
wheat goes up all . attention is. he said,
directed -to -. wheat, while If wheat goes
down" and cattle go up attention la direct
ed to cattle and diverted from wheat. So
Now as to trusts, why, even the newspaper
editors are compelled to write their editorials
dpfendlna: the- trusts on paper, the price of
which has heon raised by the trust. It Is a
oltiful thing: to see an editor writlnE such an
editorial at the name time being plundered
by tho trust.
Why ehouM any man who voted with us In
1896 vote against. us now? I have been over a
larse part of <he country and I have asked the
people "Do you find any who were with us In
18?G who are against us now?" There was
one exception: they told me that there was a
young attorney who had been' with us In 1S96
who Is apainst us, -and I asked them what
ha>5 caused H. "Well," they said, "Since 1S36
ho has become the attorney of nevmra.1 corpor
ations and he Is not his own master now.".
In speaking of the effects of the trusts.
Mr. Bryan warned the farmers not to get
cauKht In the barbs, as the barbed wire
went up under the influence of the baxbed
wire trust.
. Mr. Bryan took dinner here and left at
1 o'clock for St. Joseph.
ST. JOSEPH. Mo., Sept. 19.— There were
three times as many people at Baseball
Park this afternoon as could hear Mr.
Bryan. Not only were the grand stand
and the bleacher, seats crowded but the
body of the park was also well filled. The
ladles in the grand stand waved small
flags as Mr. Bryan approached. He was
seated In a carriage drawn by two cream
whltH and two coal-black, horses. At this
point the arrangement for reaching the
standing was the best yot experienced by
Mr. Bryan, the way being cut off by a
wire fence. This saved much of the usual
crowding and was a great protection. •
Mr. Bryan was still hoarse, but he spoke
for an hour and a half. He said: ¦
sometimes great significance In accidents:
sometimes It seems as If there Is a divinity
that shapes our ends and brings Into closer
conjunction those things that naturally ought
to so together.
I notlca that the Republicans try to mak«
the paramount Issue that of prosperity and as
I came down the street I noticed that next to
a tombstone establishment very properly . Re
oublican headquarters are located. There is
Erf-Governor Gllck presided over the
meeting and introduced Mr. Bryan, who
said: ' *
ATCHISON, Kans., Sept. 19.— At Atchi
son Mr. Bryan spoke from a standjerected
at the intersection of Commercial . nml
Sixth streets. The audience "extended
well up. and down both streets,; ami the
window* and doors of adjoining buildings
v.erc filled.
Mr. Bryan asserted that the Republican
party had completely chanced its code of
morality and had adopted the motto that
rr.Ight makes right. It Btauvls now, he
paid, for tho violation of all tha princi
ples present at the birth of the party.
1 read In the mornlnjr papers a speech made
by Mr Hanna yesterday In which he said there
are no' trusts. "When I used to want humorous
reaOInc I would go to those books which con
tained a collection of the writings of humorists.
Hut now when I want to read something funny
I read Mr. Henna's serious campaign speeches.
Th*>r» are no trusts! Can you expect tho Re
publican party to destroy, the trusts when the
leader, of the Republican party says there are
no trusts?
LEAVENWOETH, Kane.. Sept 19.—
The crowd, which gTeeted Mr. Bryan here
was large and enthusiastic. Mr. Bryaji
said that the Democratic platform Is In
the Interest of the people. He wanted not
to Injure the- rich, but to promote har>
mony among all classes. He declared that
in order to be in good standing at the
present time a Republican must be able
to Chance his convictions upon a mo
ment's warning. The Republicans had
changed upon silver, the greenback, the
Income tajc, militarism and other ques
tions?. He 6ald: • ¦' /
Mr. Bryan concluded his present tour
with his speech- here, leaving a.t 6:45 p. m
for ms home in Lincoln, from which he
has been absent since August 29. Before
leaving he was tendered a public dinner
at the Donovan House and Introduced to
many of the residents of the city.
LINCOLN. Neb.. Sept. 1D.-William J.
Bryan arrived at his- home here at 11
o'clock. With the exception of a few ex
cursions into the State Mr. • Brvan ex
pects to remaiiv quiet in Llnco'ln until
next Tuesday, when . he will start upon
the final tour of the campaign.
How shall this nation influence the world?
What shall be th« Instrument by which w«
shall act?. I have gone into communities and
found men so just, so upright, that peopla
brought their difficulties to them, satisfied that
settlement would be a just on*\ ami when I
flna in a community a man whose reputation
Is such that people trust his Justice and sub
mit to his arbitration, I am reminded of the
words of bolomon that "a good name is rather
to ho desired than great riches and loving fa
vor, rather than \silver and gold." And so I
believe this nation can stand among- the na
tions of th« ,world. I believe that this nation
can be. so upright, so Just, that other nations
will look to us not only for example, but for
aid In time of trouble. Plutarch said that
men entertained three sentiments concerning
the. *«ds-that they "feared them for their
strencth. admired them for their wisdom and
loved them for their Justice." Republicans do
you want this nation to be. feared for Its
strength? I want it to be loved for ita Justice
I want t this nation to h« the supreme 'moral
factor in^the world's progress; I want this
nation to become the arbiter of the world'* dis-
with potatoes. If potatoes rise every Re
publican orator In th© country haa his
pockets full of potatoes.
Mr. Bryan said that It God was respon
sible for our position with tho Filipinos
and. commanded us to govern them, the
command should be evidenced either by
the Bible or by special dispensation. He
asserted that the Bible did not justify our
taking the Philippines, and said If there
wps a special dispensation he would like
to know to whom he revealed his plans.
A voice answered "Mark Hanna!"
"My friend." replied Mr. Bryan, "that
is undue familiarity with a sreat name"
and went on with his speech. Said he:
BRYAN SAYS WHEN HE, WANTS HUMOROUS
READING HE TAKES "HANNA, ON TRUSTS."
stop, during: which Governor Roosevelt
spoke in part as follows:
You should turn and laugh to scorn the poli
tician who tries to make you turn your backs
on the duties of an American citizen by the
cry of militarism. I have yet to meet in this
country tho first Imperialist. I never read of
one except in Democratic platforms. I have
not found him yet. I'll tell you what I have
found and what I believe In— that is the expan
rlonlst; the man who believes In the growth
of America; the man who believes that thU
nation is to play in the future an even greater
fiart than it has played in the past, and that
t will play that part well. . -
There are people who have been speaking
against expansion, and as great a statesman aa
Daniel Webster some fifty years ago declared
that It was useless to purchase this Northwest
ern territory, where you now are a great State,
because it was not worth a county In Maine.
That useless wilderness, as It was called then,
has now become a part of one of the great
States of the American Union.
At Blackfoot Governor Roosevelt made
a speech in the Courthouse square, in
which he said:
Some seventeen or eighteen years ago I waa
here. I lived in parts of the West where It
was middling rough and where a man would
occasionally escape a licking If he accepted
a kicking. He could get peace on those terms
but it waa not a permanent peace; because
when It was discovered that he took a kicking
easily other people took a part in the exercise.
Now, If we had let the Southern States go we
would have had war after war. and we would
have trodden a bloody path in consequence
Exactly as the generation of the past did Its
Bieat work well so we have got to do our lesser
work well. When the men of our nation cease
to give aid and comfort to our enemies peace
will coma to the Philippines.
the West, but we are a feeble folk and we can
nct hold the Philippines?" Are we to sit down
and do that? Rase Is the counsel and base
will be our people if they take that counsel.
We must go and play the part among the na
tions of the world.
Four years ago I am Informed that the
amount of wages paid the waijeworkers here
was much less than they are receiving now. I
learn that you ha4 some six hundred men em
ployed four yearn ago, whereas yoil have eight
hundred employed now In the shops here and
trainmen. Four years aga the average wages
of these men was $60 a month, whereas they
new get an average of $S5 a month. In 1S'."1
rrany mechanics had to be set at a lower grade
of work or do nothing, whereas now they are
busy.
Mr. Bryan said four years ago. again and
nrnin. that unless you elected him you would
have harder times than ever. Now I ask what
has been your experience? I ask you if wool
did not sell at about 8 cents five or six years
ago and whether it does not sell for about
double that now? Tou may remember the
story of the farmer who voted for free wool
tight years ago, who said he had come within
G cents of getting It. Compare the prices you
got four years ago with those you get now.
compare the earnings of the wageworkers now
with what we gqt then and see what it Is for
your Interest to do now.
At St. Anthony the Governor was driven
to the opera-house, where he said in part:
A -treat nation must d(* its great work.
Whrn It stops doing Its work It Is because It
has stopped doing things that make it a great
nation. We have got to stand in the forefront
of the nations of the earth at all times. We
have taken Hawaii; we have taken the Phil
ippines. It Is not a question of expand
ing now, but it Is a question of whether we are
Boinz to contract.
At Idaho Falls the train made a short
Expansion has been the law of our national
growth. It Is a great thing to have material
prosperity. What is it that we look bark to
with the greatest pride? It is the mighty deeds
done by men of American name. It Is the fact
that the wilderness here has been conquered
by you men of the West. It is the way our
people have moved forward and Buffered death,
enduih.g risks and hardships because they
were the mighty men of the people who have
Inherited the parth. To each generation Is
allotted its task. Now is this giant of the
West, those who have conquered the frontier,
to elt down Idly now with folded hands and
say "Our fathers worked, we rest; our fathers
tolled endurtd and dared, and. we stay at
home to avoid trouble; our fathers conquered
Imperialism you hear talked of. What does
It mean? It means nothing. There Is not an
Imperialist in the country that I Ijave yet
net. Expansion? yes; playing the part of a
great nation. Why am I speaking to you? Be
oiusp you and your forefathers expanded Into
tf.iF country; because you moved here In your
white-topped wagons and came across the
r.Ialns and over the mountains of Utah to be
come miners and ranchmen, and when you
got here you began to Irrigate the soil. And
that Is one of the problems of the. nation, and
the nation has got to help In solving It.
POCATELLO. Idaho, Sept, 19.— The
Roosevelt special train arrived at Poca
tcllo a few minutes after 6 o'clock thl3
evening. During the day stops were made
at Rexburg, St. Anthony, Idaho Falls and
Blackfoot, Short speeches wero made by
Governor Roosevelt, by General Curtis
Guild Jr., by John Proctor Clarke and
others. Senator Shcup and Senator Car
ter accompanied the party through the
day. Governor Roosevelt in his speech
Bald:
Assures Western Voters That Their Prosperity
Is Due to the Spirit of Expansion.
ROOSEVELT TELLS OF THE
GLORY OF THIS COUNTRY
RED CROSS SOCIETY AT WORK.
OAKLAND, Sept. 19.— The Red Crow
Society calls the attention of the public
to the headquarters it haa established at
420 Fourteenth street for the handling of
donations to the Galveston relief fund.
Money, clothing and any article of use is
acceptable. The money contributions to
day were as follows:
Mrs. H. H. Klrby. Hi Miss KIrby. Jl; Mrs.
D. T. Curtis*. $2 50: J. G. Lemmon. $1: Mm. 3.
H. Wilson. $3; Mrs. P. T. Watklns. $10: M!«s
A. A. Miner. $1: Mrs. E. B. .Chadboura*. II;
Miss K. A. Ward. *1: Mrs. A. Llllencrantz, $1;
Mrs. C. Chapman, $3: Mrs. Isaac Requa, $5;
First National Bank. $10: a friend. $1: Mrs. A.
O. Hagan. $1; a friend, $1; G. M. Smith. |L
This Is tn addition to $101 50 received
yesterday.
WHOSE ICE ARE THEY CUTTING?
_ . NAPA. Cal.. Sept. 17. 1300.
To I. W. Hellman. Chairman of the Gal-*
veston Flood Relief Fund, San Francisco, Ca!.
—Sir: Inclosed please find ray check No. 9111
on the San Francisco National IiarU for the
sum of JCS2 50. being a. contribution from th«
citizens of .Van and vicinity toward ivmeHor
atlnjt the distress caused by the Galveston
disaster and hoping that the measure of ita
benefits may be in proportion tn the pleasure
that it has given our sympathizing peopl*
toward aiding in this great emergency. I am
sir, very respectfully your obedient set-rant.
J. A. FULLER. Mayor.
An entertainment is to he given this
evening- in .Native Sons' Hall, on S<?ven
i teenth street, in aid of the Galveston suf
ferers. This affair will be conducted un-
I tier the management of Miss Mabei
| O'Connor and C. E. Gunn. Among the
( features there will be comic specialties bv
Dr. J. H. Sleberst. monologue by Dr. J.
P. McCarthy, specialties by Miss Claire
Faa and Miss Gladys W'eller. comedy bv
William Potts, vocal solo by Miss Eva
Kolger. "The Funny Man" by Billy Hyne»
and specialties by Martin Krellng. John
and Henry Drescher, Master Martin
Coakley and others. A dance will follow.
Burnaby Lodge No. lD-t. Sons of St.
George, has arranged to give an enter
tainment and dance to ita members and
their friends next Saturday evening ia
Laurel Hall, Shlels building. 22 O'Farreit
street. Tickets, 25 cents, admitting lady
and gentleman, can be obtained from tho
following- committee: \V. H. Fuller. 7O1
Hayes street; The British Callfornian. SO?
Montgomery street: William Clack, Gough
and Market streets: William Witts. 4ii>
Waller street; A. W. Martin. IIS Geary
street; G. K. Fisher. 527 Howard street:
R. Chorley, 60 Shotwell street; XV. K.
Jack. H'lO Turk street. The combined
lodges of Burnaby, Pickwick and the,
Daughters of St. George are asking aU
their members to come forward to as3isc
in raising a fund for the Galveston suf
ferer*.
Subscriptions were received yesterday
as follows:
By the Red Cross Society:
Church at Niles J 11 10
Mrs. A. Beaver 5 CO
A friend • t no
Sirs. B. H. Plurr.mer 10 00
Pulsun Red (Yoss SO W
Hilbarn Brothers. Alden Anderson,
George A. Lamott. J. If. Gregory,
A. L. Reed, all of Sulsun V) 60
Jackson lied Cross 23 oo
Total $U3 80
Chamber of Commerce:
Deaf members of Lit. Society of. Deaf
and Blind Institute, Berkeley $ S 45
Mrs. J. Christiansen, Cast Oakland 5 00
Dr. Harry M. Sherman 25 00
A. C. Lowell. Fort Bldwell. Modoo
County. California JO 00
La Eatrella Parlor No. 89, N. D. G. W. 10 00
Total (61 43
State Relief Committee:
Board of Trade:
Williams-Marvin Co 110 00
Miss Georgte Hlckmott (00
Mrs. R. Hlckmott S 00
Hickmott Asparajrus Canning Company 10 00
San Francisco Chronicle:
515 00
Bank of California. Treasurer:
H'.'nt Eros. Company ., 23 ©0
F. B. B 60
Charles "W. Heywocd 10 00
William B. Hey wood io CO
George Hagar 23 00
W. B. Bourn 25 00
Oakland Comtnandery Social Club...... 30 00
A. A. Smith to 00
Sol Lewis zooo
Santana Perry 5 00
A. F. Knudsen SOD
Sylvain Solomon 10 00
Chairman I. W. Hellman:
Citizens of Napa City SS3 30
Pacific Lumber Co 50 00
Ward Memorial Chapel, second dona
tion J S3
Judge W. H. Beatty 20 on
Rev. Jacob Voorsancer 10 00
Mrs. Abbie M. Parrott 1TO 00
Citizens of Uklah i?o t.i
C. E. Grunsky 10 00
Wakelee &• Co 25 00
Total .^. J1.511 50
Day's receipts 1.70«a5
Previously acknowledged 20.466 38
Tctal to date $22,172 91
Galveston, and oblige, truly yours, etc..
J. M. 1LLN-NOJT.
I. W. Hellman Esq., Chairman California
State Relief Committee for Galveston Sufferers.
San Francisco. Cal. — Dear Sir: Inclos#d find
check for J1S0 63. being the first Installment
of Uklah donation to the Galveston relief fund.
Hardwood lurnber-S. H. Allen. Allen & Hlg
gins, IS Spear; E. W. A. Waterhouse. Water
house & Lester, 16 Beale; A. A. Wlgmore, John
Wigmore & Sons' Co., 120 Spear.
Bags and bagglng-L. W. Harris, Ames &
Harris. 104 Sacramento.
Electrical supplies— James H. Follls. Bropka-
Follin Electrical Corporation, 53 Mission: John
M Klein. John M. Klein Electrical Workj. «l
Monteomery; Paul Seller. Taul Seller Elec
trical Works. 406 Market St. • „
Architects— John W. Reid, Reid Bros 1S0O
Claus Spreckels building; Albert Plssls, Plssis
& Moore, 207 Sansome; Edward R. Swain, 1532
Har^Assoclation— Judge Robert T. Hayne. 623
Parrott building; J. B. Relnsteln. 217 Sansome.
room 12- E. B. Young, 14 Sansome; Joseph
Rothchild, Mills building, tenth floor; Charles
Pa-e 5 M1113 building, ninth floor; J. J.
Dwyer, 37 Mills building, seventh floor.
Medical orofesslon— A. A. rVAncona. M. I>
1023 Sutter; Charles C. Wadsworth, M. D.. 1104
Van Ness avenue.
Mine operators and stock brokers — Edward H.
Benjamin. 331 Pine: Dudley C. Bates, 81 Ne
vada block: John W. Pew, 310 Pine, room 36:
Charles Hlrschfeld, 316 Pine; George T. Marye,
231 Montgomery.
The following letters have been received
from workers in Ukiah and Napa:
UKIAH. Cal.. Sept. IS. 1900.
The State Relief Committee appointed
several more sub-committees yesterday,
the object being to cover certain trades
and interests that in the original list of
sub-committees were left beyond the or
ganization. The new sub-committeea are
as follows:
Entertainments Planned.
Fund Working en Toward S23,OOO—
YESTERDAY'S I*0CAL PROGRESS.
To the people of the United States whose mu
nificent generosity has, without solicitation
from me. contributed so much to the relief of
the storm sufferers. I. as Governor, bee to ten
<Ier my most profound and most grateful ac
knowledgments, assuring them that their pen
etoslty will be held In lasting remembrance by
the people of Texas.
We have not b*-en left to stand alone In our
trouble, but messages of earnest sympathy, ac
companied by large contributions in money and
supplies ar.d also in personal assistance through
the Red Cross and other benevolent societies,
h&ve had the effect to relieve the situation of
much of its sadness and misfortune.
JOSEPH D. SAYERS.
The Ios3 of life occasioned by the *torm in
Galveston and elsewhere on the southern coast
cannot be lr«« than 12.T00 lives, while th» loss
of property W'll probably aggregate J2'J.00O,0CO.
Notwithstanding this severe affliction I have
every confidence thnt the stricken districts will
rapidly revive and that Galveston will from
her present desolation and sorrow arise with
renewed strength and vigor.
In purchasing these provisions I have bought
only those of kockI quality, and at wholesale
prior*. thf>lr transportation from the place of
purchase to that of destination being free of
cost.
1 have supplied Galveston with sufficient
money to pay reasonable wages to all labjrers
who will assist in cleansing the city and re
moving the vast amount of debris that has
accumulated. Provisions and clothing have also
been shipped there to supply tlifwe who are
needy and unable to provide for themselves. I
have also made ample provision for the relief
of nifftrers as they reach and pass through
Houston from Galveston. As soon as I am able
I shall Bive to the public a complete Itemized
statement of all money received by me, how it
has been distributed, '¦tc.
The Sheriff of Waller County has b°en di
rected to organize the suffering communities
in that county, and so soon as I am notified
of the organization in Waller County suppll^
will be rPDidly forwarded and there need bo
no anrehenslon but that each and every af
flictef! community will at the earliest moment
practicable receive an abundant supply of pro
vlslor.a.
The Mate revenue asent. Mr. Jameson, has
also been nent to Galveston and will assist
In tho peniing: work. .lulu.- Talif^rro of Hous
ton, a gentleman of integrity ami experience,
has taken charge of Rrazorla County and the
mainland of Oalveston County, and I have al
ready transmitted to him <juito a large sum
of monny to be used for supplying that particu
lar district, besides havlnc previously ehlpped
to AnKUton. Alvin and Velasoo a very large
quantity of flour and bacon. The County Jmige
of Fort Bend County has charge «f supplies
for that county. He has already be«»n furnish
ed with a larse shipment of flour and bacon.
GALVESTON, Sept. 19.— Governor Say
ers to-night telegraphed the following
signed statement to tho Associated Press:
The situation in all 'parts of the stricken
district, so far as known to me, Is Improved,
and will. I believe, should we have fair weath
er, continue to improve. The method of dis
tributing the benefactions of tho people ha3
bocon-e systematized and has been reduced to
the lowest expense possible, and in this I havo
had the hearty and voluntary assistance of the
railway, pxpreps. telegraph and telephone com
;>anies. all of whom have promptly and with
out -oharse transmitted supplies and messages,
bosidr-s rontrlbutins to the relief of the suf
ferers. Galreston is being managed by its own
municipal authorities, supplemented by the as
sistance of committees composed of itn best
citizens and also by the aid of General Scurry.
I am also informed that the l.'niteil States
Marshal, Dr. Grant, has rendered and Is ren
dering most valuable aid.
SAN JOSE. Sept. 13.— The Democrats
are arranging for a rally to be held here
Friday evening, at which Charles A
Towne of Minnesota will deliver an ad
dress. A Democratic marching club of
eighty-five members has been organiz-d
here.
Meiick, from the Seventieth. Is the In
cumbent. Judge \V. H. Savage of San
Pedro, of the Seventy-second., is one of
j the most popular In tne seaport city Al
bert Sittle of the Seventr-third is a ris
ing young Republican liollticlan of the
•Eighth Ward and has Kreat strength ip
his district. Cornelius Pendleton. in the
arc Seventy-fourth, Is '.veil known as a for
Seventy-fourth, is well known aa a for
mer member of the Assembly.
In the Assembly districts the nomina
tions resulted as follows: Seventletn
Walter S. Melick of Pasadena; Seventy
fceeond. W". II. Savage cf San Pedro- Sev
ty-thlrd, Albert Slttle. Los Angeles; Sev
enty-fourth, Cornelius Pendleton of Los
Angeles.
LOS ANGELES, Sept. 19.— The Republi
can County Convention got down to work
this morning without delay. The flrsf
thing done was the appointment of a
county central committee. This commit
tee will meet In a few days for organiza
tion and will re-elect Hradner W Lee
chairman and D. C. McGarvin secretary
The convention then divided into Super
visorial conventions for the nominations
of Supervisors for the Second. Fourth
and Fifth district?. George Alexander de
feated the Incumbent in the Second Dis
trict and was nominated. Peter Wilson
ft University won from A. E. Davis the
present Supervisor of rhe Fourth District
and C. H. Patterson of tturbank received
the nomination for the Fifth District
In the Thirty-seventh Senatorial Dis
trict Fred .Smith was the only candidate
and received the nomination by acclama
tion.
Special Diepatch to The Call
FRED SMITH NAMED
FOR STATE SENATE
V.-hT^ar. Hon. Jullu*' Kahn has been cur
Rfpr*sPTuati\* m Congress from the Fourth
( rnprr*?iona] DiKtrict of the State of Califor
nia Cor the past two years; and whereas his
rrrcrd as a public rerv&nt -In the haJls of Con
gress is a *ui««rb one. and by his ability, char
acter and induFtry he ha« endeared hlmeelf to
the hearts of the people
Resolved. That the Continental League es
teems it a privilege to support the Hon. Julius
Kahn for Congress, and that It pledges Itself
to do all in Its power to reward this faithful
and able public servant.
J 1 ?? { o . How in& resolution offered by Mar
shall Woodsworth was adopted unani
mously:
Mr. Kahn thanked his audience for its
ir.ost cordial reception. He deprecated
the fulsome praise of the president, but
at the same time .«ald that no long as he
should be trusted In Congress by his con
stituents his energies would be bent to
the advancement of his city and his State.
He dealt unsparingly with the evident
fallacies of Democracy, a-nd held up as an
indisputable evidence of that party's in-
Finerrity the present unparalleled pros
jxrity of the country. '
Congressman Julius Kahn appeared at
Saratoga Hall last night and a half thou
sand enthusiastic people who had {fath
ered there at the invitation of the Conti
nental I^eapue gave him a royal reception
and* in a most flattering manner ratified
his renomination. Not only were the vot
ers of the district out in full force, but
there was a larpe sprinkling of ladles.
The spellbinders, the biggest the party
has placed on the stump, were there, and
oratory ran riot until the refreshments
were announced.
The guest of tho evening was introduced
by Frank D. Worth, president of the
league, who in a few well chosen words
summed up concisely Mr. Kahn's brilliant
record in. th* 1 !ast Congress. It was
through him. he said, that the Govern
ment appropriated $131,000 for a modern
quarantine station on Angel Island. It
¦was also due to him that San Francisco
manufacturers had received valuable con
tracts for making army shoes and that
the rock used in San Francisco's new
postofSce was California granite, mined
by California labor, instead of stone from
Eastern quarries. He also credited Mr.
Kahn with an amendment to the Chinese
exclusion law which prevented the land
ing at this port of 25,000 Chinese now in
the Hawaiian Islands. In closing he pre
dicted the re-election of Mr. Kahn by an
overwhelming majority.
EULOGIZE CONGRESSMAN KAHN
"lame ducks" that the proxy rule was
adopted to permit of their places being
taken by oth^r hr-nchmf-n who can be de
pended upon to think a little in an emer
gency.
It was decided to allow proxies in the
convention. Amonj? the Kelly-Crimmins
delegates are so many noner.ities and
Calish. the excitable barber of the Kel
ly-Crimmins delegation from the Forty
sccond District, talk**} for the contest
ants. Kddie Buckley told a hard lu.-k
story from the Forty-Tourth District ar.A
acknowledged that be voted once in
Bttefa ballot-hex and once in his own.
which he had established on the sido
wa'k.
The executive session was very short —
the work had been done in advance.
P. A. Bergerot acto<l with the commit
tee by virtue of. bis position as temporary
chairman of the convention. Belying -ill
his pretensions of a desire, to deal fairly
end promote harmony, ho let the ma«k
fall a:id openly showed his sympathy
for the Kelly cJelejrat^s in every one <if
their contents. He even went so far as to
take it upon himself \<> rebuke a member
<f the committee for voting against the
seating of tiic "l?:i'.-l:" Heffernan dele
pates in the Forty-Second District.
Max Goldberg of the County Central
Committee »a? present as special advo
cate for all tho Keiiy-Crlmmins contest
ants. Leon Samuels, his assurance at the
top notch in the absence of Jack JIc-
Narr.ara. argued for ihe Kelly delegates
in the Twemy-niivh and will be allowed
to sit by the side of Martin Kelly In tho
convention. "Rules of Order" Kelly pre
sented the case of the other Kelly's de!e
patos in the Thirty-third District. Hoth
side? had an inning; in the Fortieth Dis
trict and even Max Goldberg threw up
his hands ar.d confessed that he did not
know which side he wanted to win.
Ail this w-a.s «!o<-idcd upon in advance by
Mr.rtin Kelly. The programme was ar
ranged and became known two days ago
no change was made in it in any <ie
liiil. Put to preserve m<* appearance ot"
tiiir.g-s, C \V. Greene, chairman of the cre
dentials committee, called a meeting for
last tileht. There was nothing in the cail
to Indicate that the committee would hear
contests, but the Kelly and Orimmli'.s con
testants were at the meeting ready to
plead their cause. whil»* no notice nhat
tver had been given their opponents. A
number of the latter arrived at a hue
hour when they heard what was being
•lone, only to tind that the cases were
closed and 'the committee had pone into
executive session.
By iho report the Kolly-Orimmins llcke.t
in the Twenty-ninth District will be seat
ed instead oi the AlcNamara ticket; in
the Thirty- third District the Kelly-Crlin.
mins people-r-the coniestatits— will be
a1v%tl half a vote, and the samo will be
<ioiie in the Korty-tlurtl District: the Kel
ly-Orimmlns Uccet in the Forty-second
"l«istrii-i. frr which "Buck" Heflernan of
the tenderloin deposited 2-X) votes in a
bunch, will be seated instead of the rlole
g&tes led by Adrian Smith. The dele
gates from i he Fortieth and Porty-fourth
districts, in which tlvre were aiso con
tests, will Btknd according to the tempo
rary rollcall.
last night at the headquarters of the
State tVmral Committee in the Palace
Hotel and decided upon its report to be
presented ty the convention to-night.
Ar.tl-bos* ceiejratep to the BepiAUcao
Nominating: Convention orsaulxed !«st
i^ipi't fi r one supreme effort to v.rcst tho
convention from the control of Kelly and
< 'riirmins. More than one r*undr»-d dele
vates attended the open conference at
*«hleta Hall. The enthusiasm displayed
•:i lho cause by men of the bifihest char
acter was inspiring. The number of d«Mf-
CXtei BttendlnK exceeded the estimate of
the leaders. Positive assurance of sym
pathy and support were phen by dele
gates who could not attend. So many
<!<-Jinite i>ledses of active oo-operatiu:i
¦tvere without reservation that the
rrktKls of clean politics predicted that a
triumph over the bosses would be won in
the contest to-night on the floor of the
convention. Only the rankest and rawest
rullnss can defeat the anti-boss forces.
EfcveraJ imi>'jn:int iioestioni were set
tled last nifiht. It was resolved, no mat
ter what ihe outcome of the battle should
i»i. that the anti-boss delegates should
not imperil the national and legislative
tickets l\v leaving the convention in a
Iody. In this respi-ct every man may
act for himself a? his conscience dic
lates. but no organized movement to
create another Republican convention will
J>e countenanced by the anti-boss forces.
The conference was <-ati<?d to order b>
tie^rgrfe I*. Center. On motion of M. V. It
Taylor. Mr. Center was chosen chairman.
1 »r. Morris was elected secretary, in a
brief address ta the assembled uelogat"*
ih«- chairman remarked: "We are known
j-.j* anii-K«lIy and anti-Criramins Kepuli'ti
i ar.s. It seems to me that a body <jl clean
UepubUcanp so large as the body here as
sembled ought to be able to remove the
stain "f bossism from the party."
A resolution pledging the delegates to
the support <f an anti-boiis candidate f'ir
permanent chairman was introduced by
A. R. Smith, wl'.o moved its adoptio;:.
George IV. Klder seconded the motion.
'rhonia." K. Kase suggested some changes
III tb< wcrdir-g r.f the resolution and tiic
subject v/as reforre-d to a committee cor.
s:s-t;i;g of Delegates Smith. Kas«' and
Morrife. Later on the committee reported
the following resolution, which was
a«:!'])teil unanimously:
Whereas. At the Republican Municipal Nom
inating iVmvtntior., h> Id on S^r-iitember 12. I!**}.
Uie pre«>nt temjKirary chairman was declared
•.o be elected.
Whereas, V\> believe that said FeleotiTi wae
net the choice of a majority of the Uejegbtps
{¦resent on said occasion and was the result of
unfair methods emplojed u»-teeure said elec-
Ticn; and
\V!>»'i*a«, SaW t'-rriporary chairman w«f orig
inal!}" nominated by [the notorious] Martin
Kelly: therefore be it
Resolved. That it is the sense of
this meeting that we. as delegates to
said convention, usa all honorable
means to elect as permanent chair
man one who is opposed to Kelly and
Crirmnins and all corrupt boss influ
ence whatsoever, and that we depre
cate and oppose the election of the
present temporary chairman to bs
permanent chairman, as we believe
him to be under pernicious boss in
fluence.
In the resolution as reported by the
committee I'. A. Bersrerot's name was
mentioned, but it was deemed advisable
lu exclude the personal reference and
merely refer to the: temporary chairman.
In the original resolution Kelly was men
tioned its "the notorious." A. C. Rulof
son of the Fortieth District desired that
the words "the notorious" be stricken out
and the <3<\«::o was granted.
J. George Boyne remarked that as the
delegates wtre on the eve of an important
battle a ptas of campaign should be
adopted. He moved that a committee of
live be appointed to manage the n'Kht.
The motion prevailed and later in the
evening the chair appointed as follows:
A. Ruef, Forty-fourth district; 1^. A. Gib
buns. Thirty-seventh district; H. E.
Holmes. Thirty-sixth district; J. P. Mc-
Murray, Thirty-seventh district. and
Cna!W I.. Fields, Fortieth district.
A. liv.ff in reviewing the situation said
That the presence of so many delegates
iiiid th<- positive assurance of . support
from dt legates who could not attend
gave great encouragement. He said the
representatives of ore hundred and sixty
u'\< jrat«.-s wore present. He advised that
every delegate V>e on the floor of the con
vention early. He knew that courage, en
em nod tkiU would be required to de
'<;.i the bosses, as an advorsc chairman
would call ; he convention to order. He
remarked further: ."Nothing is safe in
politics but results. We Sort the other
day by overconfidence. Promises were
made "which were not fulfilled. We have
th< light, won. but must not lose it by ne
plwt to natch our interests. I ajn satis
fied that we will have lt>0 votes to-mor
row night. Let us see that the chairman
announces the vote correctlv."
P. H. Scott of the K'>rty-third District
Fniri it was important to know In advance
whether the anti-boss df-legatcs on the
committee on credentials would present a
minority report.
Chairman Center raid: *'lt is undor-
Ftood that we will have a report, from
the minority."
(,*nrze W. Elder said the fact ought to
be made known to all the delegates to
the convention that Bergerot supported
Pnelan in the last campaign.
Mr. Ruef^referred to the common talk
of a walk-out in the event of boss roc*
cesa in the fight for permanent chairman.
He said:
•'The matter of bolting ought to be con
sidered now. We ought to make our flght
in the party and not walk out if we lose.
'Applause.) I desire to make a motion
now that even if ww shall not succeed in
our efforts to dislodge the bosses we shall
remain with the convention and if any
retire they Ehall not retire to organize
another convention."
"The motion is that we stay with the
convention even if defeated." eaJd Chair
man Center.
Dawson Mayer advocated a vigorous
contest for clean politics within the party.
H*> said it would be dis-aetrous to the
twrty for the delegates to leave In a solid
body.
Delegates Knifcht and Macbeth said
there should be no encouragement given
to any plan for a separate convention.
James A. "Wilson «»aid: "If any walk-
Ing out is to be done let Kelly and Crltn
min* do it. <Applausc> \M us make a
cl'an. square fight /or good principles* and
w«- rannot lose. l>>t us pn In with the
knowledge that are are right and we can
not Iofp. We know that the people are
TvMh u.«. I /ft us be thr-re on time and. rpi
in our work flr^t. I>et us make a decent
B^ntlenoanly. upright and square fjjrht in
n good and hnnorat>'» eami If ve do not
succeed it will lx* a great misfortune for
th«» Republlca.n party. Our first duty now
is» tn the national ticket. I am sure that
•re will win, at* we have right and justice
nn nur side and the p«»ople sustain us."
J. Oorpe Boyne of the Forty-third paid
a victorj- for anti-bo*s forces: would
rv'nse »n immense registration of voters
He was sure of surccps.
The motion to remain If defeated was
'nrrled.
It was observed that the nVlpjjates at
tmding the conference were citizens of
character and standing In the communltv
Tbejr will attend the convention with *a
lirm resolution to save the Republican
pasty of San Francisco from the stigma
of boss control. It Is expected that tax
payer? and other good citizens will to
<\uy advise their friend* and neighbor* In
the convention to do their duty to the
city and the party.
CREDENTIALS COMMITTEE.
Chairman Bergerot's Appointees.
Kelly's Programme Accepted by
The committee on credentials appointed
by P. A. Berjrerot, temporary chairman of
tie Republican County Convention, met
Delegates Opposed to Kelly and Crim
mins Prepare for a Vigorous
Contest To-Nigh t.
Clean Republicans Resolve to Fight
to the Finish on the Floor of
the Convention.
BATTLE TO DOWN
ODIOUS BOSSES
Governor Sayers of Texas Issues a
Statement Showing What Has
Been Accomplished.
Conditions in the Stricken City of Gal
veston Are Considerably
¦V}- Improved.
SUFFERING IS
MUCH LESSENED
THE SAN ITRAJNCISUO CALL, THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 20, 1900.
2
To Cure a Cold in One Day
We shall clean up stock on 3 lower floors' of our building, 25 and 27
Market street, at practically any price it will bring. Eitner to those
who use it or to those who buy to sell. If these prices do not Interest
yott they will interest others and the goods will go.
ON THE IC BARGAIN TABLE. ON THE 50c TABLE.
Ton will find glass cream pitchers, sugar You will find backgammon boards. t«n ptaa,
bowls or Epoooholders, with covers. 60-cent }1 celluloid handkerchief boxes, tl collar asd
pocket maps, toy watches. hou» sponge.. 10c « u « B Z e O ts M 'll\ln^ C e «.h nk bSS d "« l tS <1^S^JS
Jaf hooks, coat or cloak hanger*, tin pi, S5tPVutS.il h wS"SSdJ?^ar.
plates and hundred! of other things of equal gmall sties, and a great varletr of toys,
value. notions, fancy slipper* and other tl and JL23
roods which we would ba clad to ha.va you
ON THE -2C TABLE. • nlTTucTuM"^
Tou will find bird cage hooks, 5c packages Uil I Kb SHuC LIST.
of herbs, 15c caster bottles, china dolls, draw- y ou w jh nn< j rf r i«« Sundar style*. 9 to 1H4.
Ing books, 5c games, tin measures. Jumping at ioi; larger ones. 13 to i. at 73c. and for
Jacks, lamp chimneys and baskets full ot > oun « '«<"«• 3 to 5. at tl.3. Or misses- 13 to
Joe and 1EC articles which we can .pare. *,£«%«£? SKMj '£ g*g%£SZ
ON THE 3c COUNTER. &£*«£ S^~ I^^-Si. l Ri.2 1^
U.i I ilk uu wwwnii.il. medtum quality, all sizes, coin ton. 95c. Our
Tou will find large boxes of watercolor paints. hlgn Krade j 3 .y) box calf wo will even op
6c and 10c bottles of ink and library paste, .stock at Jl 73; ladles' high grada felt. ki<l
bluing, children's balls, garden fork*, stove foxed, for winter $1. 11.25. »"«¦««» °« •
lifters, whips, games, corkscrew,, apple- «tyles and klnda not named at cut prices,
corers. mucilage, and many other useful IJUJHUC TUC fJOV gnnQS,
. article, at hair price and !«,. Tu wil, "nd T,, £t2£ > l««th. dark.
GN THE 5c COUNTER. jr.? 3 ! c «.«: £§
Tou can get 10c tablets, children-- bookv -r^.^brl^^"'^^" • & "2S
"Mother Soul" (neatly bound), purses, large fln< ; wool yarns , ji.35 grade, at n per pound,
or small. "Lotto" (25c size), and other games, an d j n black only, of second grade, at We.
hand brushes, pocket knives, tin horns, ham- Blanket sheets at (We 1^" 1 '*
mers. dolU. old style hat, for men women J^bl-.kM. •$£**&%£•?&•„&<£*
or girls, and a hundred other good bargains. *™gw of the bargains.- but will be glad to
nnnllTCD have yon call and examine and hear ot others.
ON THE IOC COUNTER. Ctootia deUvered frM ura , th. bar.
Tou can get base balls, flna nail brushes. >jo goods exchanged during this sale,
chairs, tea sets <toy), glass sugar bowls. Our foreicn and faraway business will go on
celery' glasses, stove mittens, dressed dolls, as usual. — - ¦
iron trains, farm jMrds, humminK toys, boxes j<ff&± ga /¦§ *"S f SjBHJ Kf 9f jZS^*}
containtne 100 marbles, ami loa'ls of other /J3VJ^ *3i**^<j P'l 5fc»«£l r^l *M ftSk.^
Tou can get any of our 25c bound books, mem- Tj9 H 9 fvj g BH gs|
orandum or other blank books, a doien or U m KB m MM ¦>¦
more -"¦<- games. 25c toys. 25c purses, and — .^ _ —^ _ R JO OT3 <f~t*. l"*!fc W m
scores of 2:.c articles «* Bold at retail stores S^ fA H-S CS OPF
in the regular way. /»Sy OH W I V r\. IV»
«i. Tiir nc nntiti-rrn Our friends will be glad tn know that this oM i
ON THE -25C COUNTER. reliable house Is now rurmine full blast umje'i
UlliUL. auu uuwiiii.ii. the management of the SMITHS'.
Tou can get children s drums, child s knife, • q,,,. lcnK llst ot angles mailed fre» of post-
fork and spoon, 14-inch decorated shades, tlis aKC interest you and save you money. Th»
kitchens, girls' underwear (50c kind). »1 jo-pase price list, the; "Home Circle." sent frea
Alaska caps or hoods, wash sets. Iron train*. as heretofore. Addreta as above at
; 4-blt dolls. 4-bit bocks (poetry or prose), and „_ „— ruto-mtrat Q«- Can Tuonalann
more than you would want to look at.pess- 4O-4i jiarKet au, aan r ranel3CO.
\ lbly of other good values. Jt*. C
Take Laxative Bromo Quinine Tablets. All
drutreists refund the money if It falls to cure
E. \V. Grove's eignature Is oa each box. 25c. *THE I^ATE GENERAL JOHN A.
McCLERNAND, FROM A PIC
TURE MADE AT CLOSE OF
CIVII.. WAR.
Madman Cremates the Body of Hi3
Child and Then Attempts to
Kill Himself.
SUMPTER, Or., Sept. 19.— Fred Kane,
who resided with his wife and stepdaugh
ter, a child about seven or eight years of
age, six miles northwest of this place, in
a fit of temporary Insanity to-day shot
his wife and daughter and burned the
body of the latter by setting flre to their
cabin home. He then attempted suicide
by shooting himself.
Persons passing on the road found Kane
and his wife In a dying- condition and
brought them to Sumpter. Both are
thought to be mortally wounded. Kane
shot himself through the Iung3 and his
wife was struck by a bullet just below the
heart. Kane "was married only- a few
;nonths aso
SHOOTS HIS WIFE AND
DAUGHTER WHILE INSANE
SPRINGFIELD. 111.. Sept. 20.— General
John A. McClernand died at 12:30 o'clock
this morning.
Belle Archer.
WARREN', Pa^»Sept. 19.— Belle I Mingle
Archer. tb,e actress, died at the Emer
gency Hospital here to-night. She was
stricken with apoplexy yesterday.
A. Codoni.
Miss Archer Is particularly well known
to the theater-going public of this city
having been ono of the leading members
of the original Frawley Company that
plnyed at the Columbia. She also ap
peared subsequently at the California as
the successor to the late Caroline Mlskel
Iloyt in "A Contented Woman."
SALINAS, Sept. 39.— Word has been re
ceived here of the death in San Jose of
A. Codonl, a prominent citizen of this
county. Mr. Codoni was ill only a short
time. .- - . . :
Alex M. Byers.
NEW YORK. Sept. 19— Alex M. Byers.
a wealthy Iron and steel manufacturer of
Fittsburg, died to-night ' at the Holland
House. ¦¦¦¦-. , ¦ . ¦ ¦ • . •. . .
Ohe Pay's pead
Yar.gtse Viceroys have been ignored by
the throne in reference to peace negotia
tions, while imperial ! edicts order the
Manchu leaders to resume the control of
affairs, is capable of only one interpreta
tion. Shanghai reports seem to show
quite a shower of edicts regarding nego
tiators, to which little Importance Is at
tached.
According to the Daily Mail's St.
Petersburg correspondent Russia will
claim an indemnity of £100.600.000.
A Washington special says: "The
change of front on the part of th«
United States Government regarding
Russia's evacuation proposal was due to
the fact that Mr, Conger and Mr. Tower
confirmed Information obtained by the
British Minister in St. Petersburg show
ing that Russia's proposition concealed
a well designed plan to seize Manchuria."
Prince Ching and Sneng.
MADE PEACE NEGOTIATORS.
Edict Appointing Li Hung Chang,
HONGKONG, Sept. 19.— An imperial
edict received at Canton appoints U
Hung Chang:, Prince Ching and Sheng to
be peace negotiators.
Since the suppression of newspapers !n
Canton still more damaging leaflets have
been circulated, announcing Chinese vic
tories and that the allies are seeking
peace. It Is supposed that these were
written by the literati with a view of
fomenting the anti-foreign feeling. The
Viceroy is powerless to suppress this for
eign agitation.
FACED EOXEES AJSTD REGTJXARS.
BERLIN, Sept. 19.— A special dispatch
to the Lokal Anzelger describing the cap
ture and burning. September 11, of Liang
Hlang Hsien southwest of Pelting, by a
German naval battalion, accompanied by
forty Bengal Lancers, says the foreign
force faced C000 Boxers and a number of
Chinese regulars, the enemy losing .360
killed.
TOM BROWN WINS
A BLONDE GIRL
By the Force of His Fist He
Gets a Medal and a
Sweetheart.
In four rounds of clever fighting 1 Frn.n!i
¦Wall got a decision over Jim Little. Billy
Jones and Ed Savasre then went at It.
Savage, who was thickly corpulent In his
"downstairs" region, succumbed to the
tappings of William Jones. AI Wlldson
didn't like his man. Gus Salisbury, who
struck him so violently in the eye In the
first round that he quit on the spot. Tho
match between Mike Curtin and Tom
Hamilton went five rounds and was called
a draw. Curtin is a cousin of "Spider"
Kelly, but that Is all the relationship ex
isting between them.
" Fierce and hot were the fights. Each
of the first three matches ended In tha
third round. Jack f'ordell went at Joh:i
Smith in whirlwind fashion for two
rounds and a fair section ot the third.
Then Smith went to the floor and meas
ured his length. Eddie Battler, by a series
of hard punches on Charley Wltzel's
stomach, won a bright silver medal. Lit
tle George Fuller sober and sad. made
Ed Devlin regret that they were matched.
Fuller punched Devlin until the fight wa3
off in the third. Ed Wiley had sufficient
punishment in two rounds to last ntm for
a while, so Alec Greggaina, the referee,
made Hugh Friel happy with a breas:
ornament.
Flat on his back dropped Jacobs and he
dreamed of the pleasures and joys that
might have been. Brown won out and
Jacobs went out. Between the two they
held the crowd at the San Francisco Ath
letic Club last night In delirious excite
ment. Theirs was the last event on the
programme. All the others were fought
for prizes only— the last one for a lady
and a prize. The lady was hard pressed
by the attentions of both pugilists and be
ing unable to decide from their mental
qualifications which one she would have
she set her admirers to the test of fists.
They were both willing to enter the ring
to win her favors, so the match was ar
ranged. Brown pro\ted the champion. He
now has a medal and a fair-haired girl.
Tommy Brown won the lady— auburn
hair, cherry lips, pink complexion and all.
It was a hard tight while It lasted, two
minutes of the first round and the finish
being the most sensational part of It. J.
P. Jacob3, rival of Brown for the affec
tions of the fair-haired one, was picked
as the winner and he looked it for more
than 100 seconds. Then Brown "soaked"'
a few stiff ones to the chin of Jacobs and
the latter mounted the historic ladder In
a sleep that lasted more than ten seconds.
More Bankrupts.
The following cases in bankruptcy were
filed yesterday in the United States Cir
cuit Court: George W. Spottlswood. a
blacksmith of Petaluma. liabilities $S19 93.
assets $100; O. T. Ketelsen, a farmer of
the same town, liabilities $1202 63, assets
$92; J. H. Brackett, a laborer of Santa
Rosa, liabilities $2700, assets, exempt from
execution, $407. .
BOSTOX. Mass., Sept. 19. — The former
San Francisco stallion John A. McKer
ron, by Nutwood Wllkes, won the J1000
challenge cup for trotters to wagon driven
by amateurs here to-day. He defeated
live preat horsea In 2:10 and 2:11. the tast
est heats ever made by a trotter to wagon.
Tho track was slow. The horse was driven
by his owner, H. K. Devereaux of Cleve
land.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
JOHN A. M'KERRON BREAKS
RECORD FOR STALLIONS
Philadelphia 8 9 2
Cincinnati 7 12 3
Batteries— Berahard. Donahue and Douglass;
Phillips and Peltz. Umpire— Hurst.
NEW TORIC, Sept. 19.— Score:
Clubs— R. II. E.
Kew York 2 5 2
Plttsburg 5 12 0
Batteries — Carrlck and Bowerman: Chesbro
and O'Connor. Umpire — Snyder.
With Farrell at third, Jones sent a grounder
to Wallace, who. threw badly to the plate.
Farrell slid under Roblnson'3 hands and was
declared safe. Robby /Jumped up and after
throwing tho ball at Gaffney rushed up and
struck him on the chest with his (1st. Tha
umpire swung his mask at the player. Just
grazing his no*e. Ho ordered th© bjg catcher
out of the game, but he refused to go, and
McGrs.w backed him up. After waiting the
customary time Gaffney declared the gamo for
feited nnd McGraw withdrew his men from the
field. McGlnnity and Jones were the opposing
pitchers and the game promised to be Interest
ing. Brooklyn had scored a run on a nomer
by Jennings in the first and another in the
•hlrd on Karrell'a double. McGtnnlty's sacri
fice and the play above mentioned, while St.
l.ouls was blanked, although they gave indi
cations of batting hard, having made five hits
to two for Brooklyn. The 803 spectators re
ceived their money back.
PHILADELPHIA. Sept. 19.— Score:
Clubs — It. H. E.
BROOKLYN', Sept. 19.— To-day's game be
tween tlie Brooklyn and St. Louis clubs ended
In a row in the third lnnlnr. an<5 Umpire Gaff
ney declared It forfeited to Brooklyn by a
score of 9 to 0.
Clubs— W. L. Vet. | Clubs— VT. L. Pet.
Brooklyn ....73 4S .613;Chicago 67 66 .463
Pittsburg ...70 5i .673 St. Louis 54 65 .453
Philadelphia 64 55 .5.17 Cincinnati ..53 •¦.? .<3S
Boston 59 &9 .000 New York ..50 70 .416
to Ijose by a Forfeit.
CORRKCT STANDING OF THE CLUBS.
St. Louis' Catcher Causes His Team
GAME ENDS IN A HOW.
STANTX5RD TTXIVETtSITT, Sept.
IX — "Our Government seems to be
doing the honest thing in China
to-day, ar.d there is no criticism
that " could be justly made con
cerftng its policy as far as I know. All
thaf could v be done to protect our rights
and the lives of our citizens was done."
So spoke Dr. David Starr Jordan, presi
dent of Stanford University, when ques
tioned to-night concerning what he had
seen while in the Orient during the past
summer. President Jordan was. in Japan
at the time the allied powers were batter
ing down the walls of the Chinese empire
and is probably the best qualified man in
the country to-day to speak authoritative
ly en the Oriental problem.
"The problem before us now,'" he con
tinued, "is to do what we can to prevent
such outbreaks again and to restore a
wholesome condition by wipe diplomacy.
This can be done only by peaceful meth
ods. China cannot be conquered nor par
titioned. In the first place it would not
pay from the standpoint of trade. Sec
ondly, it is impossible. The combined
civilized nations could not maintain an
army inland. It would be either butcher
ed or starved. Russia may be able to
grab some of the insulax territory in the
northeastern part and Germany take a
few cities along the coast, but that Is all.
"China is not the place to send troops.
Soldiers can conquer armies, but cannot
bring peace among citizens. The Amer
ican Government had a great oppor
tunity to set the world a noble example
of magnanimity. We should discourage
any desire for revenge. I^ife should be
spared and no territory demanded. When
It comes to the discussion of a money In
demnity, that, too, is out of the question,
for the simple reason that China has no
money to pay with. It is to America's
Interest to establish peace as quickly as
possible and this, I think, is" being done.
This Is true from a commercial point of
view. China, like all other nations,
trades where it can do the best, unless un
der duress, then it doea not trade at all.
Trade Is fostered when people are satisfied
under their own flag and there is no other
way of accomplishing either more or as
much."
Speaking of the actions of the different
troops President Jordan characterized thii
Russian Tartars as far worse than th<j
Boxers themselves, while the ¦ German
troops were under such barbarous orders
that they could not be expected to be
Special' Dispatch to The Call.
Speaking of our diplomatic representa
tives in China. Dr. Jordan said that Min
ister Conger was a good man and an able
official, but that our Consuls were not
what they ought to be either in Integrity
or ability, and that he hoped this lament
able condition ¦would soon be remedied.
While he believes the Japanese Govern
ment has the best of intentions, he can
not understand why troops are now being
sent to Amoy.
While in Shanghai President Jordan no
ticed that the natives were disposed to be
more friendly toward Americans and
tended toward the American fashion of
dress.
Dr. Jordan Is highly pleased with the
results of his trip, which was taken for
the purpose of collecting specimens of
fishes from the coast and inland streams
of Japan. About 10.000 specimens were
obtained, of which 120 are new to science.
Every part of Japan was visited In the
search and everywhere the most courte
ous treatment was accorded. President
Jordan has been engaged by the Japanese
Government to write a book on the fishes
of Japan, which will be used as a text
book by students of their schools and
colleges. The work will be published by
the Imperial University.
The proper expansion can be made only
through education. Our merchants should
exhibit what they have to sell in the trade
centers of the Orient, so that the people
there may come to know what they lack
and In time learn how to use what we
have for them. Along the lines of mining
and railroad transportation there aro
splendid openings for American capital.
There will in the future also be a call
for students from the two California uni
versities to teach Knglish at the Chinese
and Japanese colleges.
As to our trade prospects with Japan.
Dr. Jordan said that he considered them
very promising. While Japan has only
one-tenth the population of China she
gives us fully as much trade. This is
because her people are contented and at
peace. One of the greatest hardships ¦with
which the Chinese people are confronted
is the "likui," or village and province
tariff, which must be paid on all koo<13
exchanged. The money derived there
from goes not to the Government, but to
the local officials. These petty officials,
not knowing how soon they may lose hotli
their positiuns and their heads, make the
most of their opportunity; the people pay
the penalty, but it doea them no good to
grumble.
much better. The Japanese as a people
are good allies and make brave soldiers,
while they have great reverence for
Americans and American Institutions.
PROFESSOR DAVID STARR JORDAN OF STAN
FORD UNIVERSITY.
Advocates Peaceful Methods to Restore a
Wholesome Condition in the Orient
and Prevent Future Outbreaks,
DAVID STARR JORDAN
PRAISES THIS NATION'S
COURSE AS TO CHINA
CALL BUREAU. WELLINGTON HO
TEL. WASHINGTON. Sept. 19.-To pre
serve the entente cordiale of the powers,
R-uf=5'.a. has announced that ehe is willing
to modify her proposal to withdraw her
troops ar.d legation from Peking to the
extent of leaving a detachment there,
hrotigh Acting Secretary of State Hill.
f 'resident McKlnley will to-morrow reply
to the German request that Instructions
be given to Minister Conger to Indicate
persons responsible for the Chinese out
rages, tnd to that of Prince Ching that
the United States representatives be iu-
FT.rueted eo that peace negotiations may
be opened. Neither request will be
eranted.
Russia's modification of her original
proposal meets the expectation of the of
f.cials in view of the genera: opposition
developed. It is learned on excellent au
thority that the Russian note promises
that the etreneth of the detachment to be
left in Peking will bo determined by tlie
allied commanders. There is no doubt
that the modified proposal of the Russian
Government is satisfactory to the powers,
but it is desired by the President that
the several Governments interested shall
reach & definite understanding as to the
purpose of continued occupation.
The President does r.ot desire General
Cliaffee to remain In China a moment
lor^er than is absolutely necessary and
¦would like to order ail the trooys to Ma
nila and retain the two battalions of
rcarlr.es now in China at Peking to
«-u£lt<1 the legation. The force which
this Government will retain in Peking,
however, will be determined by General
Chaff *e. In consultation with the other
commanders. The international force
must not only be sufficiently large to
protect the legations, but to preserve
crder and prevent another massacre- of
native Christians.
Germany's note demanding the sur
render of those responsible for the
Chinese outrag-es as a condition to
the opening of negotiations presents
a mast serious problem. It shows, ac
cording to officials, that the Berlin
Government proposes to take advan-
cf every opportunity to prevent
any action favorable to peace until
Count ven 'Waldersee reaches Peking,
¦u-hen the military situation, may be
such that operations against the
Chinese \cill be necessary.
The cfSclals say frankly that no nation
la the wcrld would surrender Its sub
lets to be punished by foreigners. Ger
many's suggestion that the iiinlsters re
port the names of the instigators of the
trouble would transform the diplomatic
body la Pckh;g into a star chamber, and
as Minister \\ U observed to-day, the ac
.. used iu contravention of all civilized
ia.w, are not to have an opportunity to
• i-'ui.IiEh their innocence. This projx>sl
:;• b ts distasteful to this Government
and ** ill rot be tccepted. In bis note of
j-j.'.y 3 to Lbe pov.ers. tSecrei&rj Hay do
• iared -.hat "'if wrong be done to our citi
zen? we propose lo hold responsible tne
BUtfai rs to the utmost accountability."
The President does r.ot feel dis-posni ab
solutely to reject Germany's suggestion,
•:!¦ u;rh further rc-fi^eUori may modify
Ihj: new. anil Mr. Adee has prepared the
<;r«ift of an answer, whlcn will be con
sidered to-morrow, rather non-cornmitUil
::. character.
Baron via Sternburg. German Charge
c" Affaires, called at the State Department
ihl* morning and saw Acting Secretary
HUi. Baxon von Sternburg had just re
ceived a letter from Kiaochou, stating
that reliable information f. r °m friendly
< ,'hinese and other sources indicated that
there would be an outbreak in tshanturg
if Pekine evacuated.
Mir.lsier "vVu also called on Mr. Hill and
Special Dispatch, to The CalL
discussed with him Germany's proposal,
arguing asalnst its acceptance.
CATJSE OF GERMANY'S NOTE.
High Mandarins Held Responsible
for Peking Outrages.
BERLIN. Sept. 19.-It is understood that
the immediate cause tor the Issuing by
bermany of the circular note to the pow
ers regarding the Chinese settlement was
the fact that U Hung Chang during his
recent interview with Dr. Mumm von
fc-chwartzenstein. the German Minister te
<h!tia, mentioned a number of names of
•ugh Mandarins, hitherto wholly un
known, as those responsive for the Pe
king outrages, and said that China was
willing to punish them. This explanation
seems to be borne out by the following
statement made by the German Foreign
Office to-day to the correspondent of ihe
Associated Press in Berlin:
"What we want to avoid is an oppor
tunity for allowing China to impose any
sham concessions upon the powers by de
livering up for punishment persons who
had nothing: to do with the Peking atroc
ities. Hence It is %dvlsab!e for the rep
resentatives of the powers in China to
designate before hand all who are noto
riously g-uilty. Germany does not wish
to prejudice the case in any way. She
wishes to reach an agreement with the
powers regarding the guilty and their
punishment."
Sato, first secretary of the Japanese
legation Jiere, said to-day:
"1 think there will be no difficulty in
getting the powers to agree in principle
to ,, e G^ rman Position to punish tho
guilty. The real difficulty will be on de
eming how high to go. If they decide to
include Prince Tuan then they will find
that the Empress Regent was back of
him. Russia, in my opinion, will not now
wlthuraw her troops from Peking, Inas
much as Germany and the other powers
remain. She will decide that circum-
PLances have changed and that she must
remain also."
The chief of one of the embassies, dis
cussing the question this afternoon, ob
served :
"Probably all the interested powers will
agree to adopt the German proposition,
v.ith the possible exception of Russia
who has hitherto carefully avoided men
tioning the punishment of the guilty
Certainly the United States will adopt it."
Tne German papers, with scarcely an
exception, approve the circular note. The
Lokal Anzelger says: "Mere notorious
r.ess does not suffice for the assumption
of eullt. The Ministers at Peking must
produce proof against each person
charged."
The Berliner Post and the National Zel
tung declare that the note proves that
Germany does not wish excessive or un
reasonable demands, but that she will in
sist upon the punishment of those really
guilty as the only way In which China
can be taught a lesson which she will not
forget.
The Berliner Tageblatt remarks that the
proposition of Germany will demonstrate
whether any power deems Its special in
terests more important than the general
joint Interests.
The Vossiche Zeitung declares that Ger
many will r.ot be satisfleQ with half meas
ures.
The Boersen Zeitung contends that the
foreign envoys in Peking cannot afford to
place the Empress Regent and Prince
Tuan on the list and must, therefore, be
••ontent with merelv naming the actual
anU-legation leaders.
The Xeueste Xachrichten demonstrates
at length the necessity of punishing the
ieal culprits.
MINISTER WTJ IS HOPEFTJX.
Anxious That Germany May Recon
sider the Proposal.
TVASmXGTOX, Sept. 19.— Minister Wu
Tlrg Fang was greatly Interested to-day
in Germany's note to the powers, asking
cotr.Mnfd action In a demand that those
responsible for the trouble In China be
punished as an indispensable preliminary
to any peace negotiations. When seen at
the leg-ation he had before him a copy of
the published text of the note.
"I can hardly believe that this step has
been taken," said he, "and if It has, it is
so unfortunate in Its influence upon the
general question that 1 am greatly in
nope CJermany will reconsider. The con
dition imposed upon China would amount
to determining: one of the subjects of ne
gotiations before negotiations had com
menced. The Chinese envoys are in
vested ¦with, complete power to make
t«*rms with the powers, so that when the
negotiations are opened this question and
p.ll others will be proper subjects for con
sideration and general settlement by
th<*e having complete authority to deal
witn them. But to take one subject in
advance, settle It and make its i execution
an Indispensable preliminary to negotiar
tions. is extremely hard.
"But more than this, such a condition
if imposed, is simply impossible, and being
impossible, the effect would be to bring
the peace negotiations to a complete
standstill. Suppose the situation was re
verF<vJ and this unfortunate trouble had
occurred in some one of the countries now
dealing with China. In the midst of ex
citement suspicion might have been di
reoted against persons high in authority,
even against the members of the royal
family in that country. Would that coun
try, when the question of settlement
came up. for a moment consider the sur
render of these persons vaguely suspected,
or would It not ask that all questions be
considered by the court which was to pass
upon the whole subject? Who could tell
to whom this condition would apn'.y?
There have been intimations against tho'se
high in Chinese affairs, but it would be
very hard. ves. Impossible, to say In ad
vance before the negotiators had con
sidered th» question that thfse persons
Rhould be crlven up. Who would furnish
the proof? It is an Indispensable requisite
Recording to your recognized methods ihat
persons accused have the right to he
heard ana that their evidence shall be
taken into account in proving an accusa
tion. But according to this proposition
there •would bo a surrender of the party
first, before the negotiators had an op
portunity to consider all questions of
proof which might be presented. Under
these circumstances I am most hopeful
that Germany's note is less positive than
the published reports indicate. Recent In
dications have been that the difficulties
ov?r beginning peace negotiations had
been overcome and that very soon the
negotiations would begin. I-'or that rea
son I feeh that !t would be unfortunate to
impose a r condition which, being impos
sible, would bring the negotiations to a
halt. The effect of such a step In all
proceedings would be of disadvantage to
all parties cor.cernfd. to the powers n«»
well as China. In short, lts^Weets
would be so far ranching that I am ex
tremely anxious that Germany may see
her way clear to reconsider the proposal."
AMERICA'S CHANGE OF FRONT.
Said to Be Due to Russia's Scheme to
Seize Manchuria.
LONDON, Sept. 20, 4 a. m.-The only
news of importance from China this
moraine is contained in a dispatch to the
Times from Shanghai, dated yesterday!
asserting that Sir Claudo Maxwell Mac
donald will become British Minister at
Tokio. and will be succeeded at Peking
by Sir Krnest Mason Satow. the present
British Minister at the Japanese capital
"This." Fays the Times correspondent. Is
disappointing to Britishers in the Far
East, as they had hoped that a stronger
diplomatist would be pent to Peking " ¦
It is probable that Vice Admiral Sey
mour will meet Sir Claude Macdonald at
Tientsin.
Reports from Nankin point to the in
creasing activity and influence of the anti
foreign party. The manner In which ti«c
Russia, However, Is Willing to Modify the ProDosal
to Withdraw Her Troops and Legation
From Peking.
Desires to Block All Negotiations as to
China Until After the Arrival of
Von Waldersee.
GERMANY TRYING
TO PREVENT PEACE
Special Dispatch to The Ca.lL
CALL BUREAU. WELLINGTON HO
TEL, WASHINGTON, 1 Sept. 19.—Admin
istration officials will watch with interest
the case of Dr. Francisco del Valle Sr..
who was Secretary of the Interior during
the military government in Porto Rico,
and his son, native Porto Ricans, who
have applied for registration as voters in
Baltimore.
Dr. del Valle claims the right to regis
ter on the ground that he is a citizen of
the United States. The question of hia
citizenship is now before the Board of
Election Supervisors in Baltimore and !s
a matter that must be dealt with by the
Maryland Legislature. It Is possible that
it may reach the Federal courts, for If a
decision adverse to Tir'. del Valle should
be made in Maryland he could appeal to
the Federal courts on the constitutional
question Involved.
Pending a judicial decision as to the
status of the inhabitants of Porto Rico
officials of the Government decline 10
recognize them as citizens of the United
States. A few days ago a representative
of the Hawaiian Sugar Planters' Associa
tion called on Assistant Secretary of the
Treasury Taylor to ascertain whether he
could legally go to Porto Rloo and con
tract with Porto Rican laborers to go to
Hawaii to work on sugar plantations.
He was informed he could not do so. but
that if Porto Rican laborers should come
to this country he could enter Into a con
tract with them here. Until '..here is a
judicial decision to the contrary executive
officers of the Government will hold that
the act of Congress not only carefully
avoided declaring the Inhabitants of Porto
Rico to be citizens of the United States,
but, making a distinction between them
and such citizens, practically declared
that they were not citizens, but were just
what the act declared them to be. citizens
of Potto Rico, and as such* entitled to the
protection of the United States.
Case May Be Carried to Federal
Court if Election Board
Renders Adverse
Decision!
Natives of the Island Ap
ply for Registration in
Kq] firn AVQ
PORTO RICANS
SEEK TO GAIN
CITIZENSHIP
OAKLAND, Sept. 19.— One of the moBt
severe earthquake shocks in years aroused
Berkeley at 11:55 o'clock to-night and
rumbled with less violence through Oak
land. The college town was so seriously
shaken that large frame building could be
seen to move.
The shock was accompanied by a deep
rumbling and lasted, apparently, more
than a minute. The entire town was
aroused. Hundreds of frightened occu
pants of residences rushed from their
quivering houses. Clocks and crockery
were knocked oft the shelves, brick
chimneys about town were crackeil and
some slight damage was reported from the
university grounds.
A big pile of lumber at the Southern Pa
cific depot in Kast Berkeley was thrown
down by the severe shake. Beyond the
severe fright no reports wore made of in
jury to -persons. The shock was very
much lighter In Oakland. Jt had the ef
fect of a. twisting: upheaval of the ground.
Buildings Rock on Their Foundations
and the Occupants Rush Ter
ror-Stricken Into the
Street.
TEMBLOR SHAKES
THE HOUSES IN
BERKELEY
\ — *
Severe Earthquake Arouses
the Entire Town at
Midnight v
THE SAX FEANCISCO CALL. THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 20, 1900.
3
ADVERTISEMENTS.
DR. CROSSMAN'S SPECIFIC MIXTURE
For the ears of GONORRHOEA. GI.KKT3.
ETHICTORES and anaiagous complaint* uf la*
Orsan» «( Generation.
1'rlca |i « bottia. For ul« by innUt*
Resident Secretary.
BAN FRANCISCO.
CHARLES D. HAVEN
PACIFIC DEPARTMENT,
NO. 422 CALIFORNIA ST.,
I Disorders of Men
I /> STRICTLY RELIABLE.
£> l^^iilf 4 TBT fl A Jt
1 I I 1 1 / SPECIALISTS.
§ We make a specialty of contracted disorders of men which have become
rt chronic and complicated from neglect or Improper treatment.
* AV'e are the only specialists In San Francisco with a thoroughly 'equipped
w hospital for the accommodation ot out-of-town patients and others wishing
i? to remain during treatment. . •
S Our offices are the most elaborate and private In the city, and contain
8 every modern appliance and instrument known for the cure of these dlsor-
j~ tiers. -.We have the largest practice on the Pacific Coast, treating every form
M of Weakness and Contracted Diseases of Men, and absolutely nothing else.
M i Varicocele Is an enforcement of the most By far the rreater number of patient*
ft vital blood vessels In man. It Is commonly Eeeking relief for ao-call»d weakness, are
O known as varicose veins. In their normal strong:, robust men In every other refneet
Q condition their function is to carry oft waste Our theory that I.osa of Vitality, Prema-
O material, thus enabling the organs to re- tureness. etc.. are not weaknesses, but
rv celve fresh nutrition. Owing tb the breaking symptoms of Inflammatory processes In tha
<5 down of the valves, caused by the paralysis Prostate Glaml (so-called neck of bladder!.
v£ of the muscular coat of the veins, they caused by contracted disorders and early
Js? become dilated and local 6tacnatlon of the dissipation, ts now being adopted by the
J& blood follows. The vital nerves, belnff de- leading specialists of the world, and that
S prlveC of th^lr proper quality and quantity bugbear, "Weakness of M»n," is removed
Q of nourishment, weakness Is the result, from the list of incurable disorders. Even
Q Statistics prove that 25 per cent of the the layman can understand that tonics can-
Q male population are afflicted with varleo- not cure Inflammation, and these cases un-
O ; cele In some staee of the disease. We guar- der their administration, go from bad to
Q antee,to cure varicocele In one week at our worse. Under our local plan of treatment
S office, or four weeks of home treatment, directed toward reducing the enlaced and
l5 without the use of knife, caustic or l!g:a- swollen Prostate, immediate results as ln-
S ture. "\V> have cured over 2p00 cases with- dlcated by increased circulation and re-
•X- out a slnsle failure or um.leasant result, newed strength. Is observed. Our colored
S We Invite correspondence find the fullest chart of the organs, which we send free on
Q. investigation of our methods, and can refer application. Is Interesting to any on* wlsh-
O ; ¦ to cured patients if desired. ing to study the anatomy ot the male.
Cf : Offices and Hospital, entire upper floor.
I 997 Market -Street,- Cop. Sixth.
MANHOOD RESTORED $W3£&£Z&
\ nalizer. the prescription of a
< _ — _ - , -< _^ fKtr.'jus French physician, will
Qrt*&§$? i ' i i>L f * Xi " **&' cure Jt>a °^ *" ner "
ESWrasjSi'i** VoUfI •"¦ dlse»s*->i of the ircn^ra-
1<. jryfJS^SS'it Zf t::>- < r/nxr,^. %:ich a« I^.->st i'an-
S^fl!--> *-fe» hwi. J •.•¦tiT.r.i*. I'aina In the
Tffp? *• *VS Har-k. Nen-ous Debility, Plm-
fwjfl ' J»^s pJes. Exhaustlri? Drains. Varl-
( *^i '^tRUi rciC'le and -onst.'patlon. it
v^^__J/&«3 »tr>i;» t-U lo«»fts bv d*y or.
• nfcht. <^upldene c!<anM> th«
V\-rr the umrT^y* »n<l th* urinary orfi-ans of all
Impurities. Oupldene stri-iigrthtiis and restores
rri all wreak oirans.
fto rrzson sufferer* are not c«r«"l by Doctors
¦«% .-cans* S'i J-~r ocr.t ar« troubled with Pro»-
trBi-.Uf Cupid<-ne th» only lenown remedy to |
<ure without an operation 5009 testimonials.
A wrutrn Kuarantce fflv«n aHd money re-
turned if € lK)XP« do not effect a cermanent
cur*. fl.CO a box. 6 boxes for 15.00. by mail.
F<-n<] for fr«-e circular an4 testimonials.
A<J<Jres» Uavol Modtclne C«.. 4ft EI11« «t.. San
rrancltco. Cal., Grant Dru« Co., SS & 40 Thirl st. "
ADVERTISEMENTS.
A sword is a trick, not conducive to
fcealtli or longevity. But it is not more
injurious than the hasty swallowing of
half masticated food washed down by
gulps of ice water V
ia summer or cups ©
of hot coffee in win-
ter. Hasty eating /"^2a
is the foe of healtii. >%
Sooner or later it J/Z/yIzi €7\
must result in in- /£/'\£r~^Vi '
dig'estioa or some ffl**^ n I L-,
otiier form of stora- / j£^ \ i^^Sk
ach disease. / »f^-; pN\\
For the cure of mp*j% \ P^ \
Ihe diseases of the wi l.
etomacH and. allied \x£. tf^ p)
organs of digestion Nfev.^a. J? ¥
end nutrition, there \\«^ J\
is no medicine 6O <^>/N\\^g=> /^ k^
effective as Doctor #*j
Pierce's G o 1 <l c n fci 1 Us§ th
Medical Disco-.Tn.-.
// alruays helps. %'&!£^Z%?/&\
It almost always PBraSSSjEg^lSf
Mr«. Mart- E. L'^s, kfc^^^t^Si^^g
of Tanner, 'Oiltner Co.. fiJMfjS&lsBSjBgsla
a'.-Jri\V reconiTaend Dr. Eg
Pierre's Golden Medical ggeg^ga§g^
Prescription' and
'Pl-asant Prllrts.' for
th?v carsti joe -when doctors and other medi-
cines failed. For fifteen years I suffersd untold
misery. When I commenced taking: Dr. Pierce's
metJicines. I had giren tip all hope of ever
fretting: well. I could aot lie down to 6leep, and
evervtnia? I ate would almost cramp me to
death. Was very nervous and could hardl"
walic across the Voora. / only weighed nineh
pounds when I commenced, taking: these medi-
cines six years Ago ; I now weigh one hundred
and forty pounds, and am having better health
than ever before. My friends all say they can
hardly believe that I am the same person"; after
tving" «ick so long, I have changed to b* tobust
and rosv cheeked. I hare taken fifteen bottles of
th- • Dueoverr ' fift-ren cf the ' Prescription ¦ and
fifteen of the } Pellets.' "
Dr. Pierce's Common Sense Medical
Adviser, paper covers, is sent free on
receipt of 21 one-cent stamps Xa pay
expense of mailing only, or if cloth
binding is desired send 3 1 stamps. Ad-
dress Dr. R. V. Pierce, Buffalo,' N. Y.
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF LIVERPOOL. ENGLAND. ON THE J1ST
day of December, A. D. I'M. and for th*
year ending on that day. as mad« to tha In-
surance Commissioner ot tha Stats nt Cali-
fornia, pursuant to the Provisions of Sectlo&a
610 and Sll ot the Political Oodf. condensed aj
per blank furnished by the Commissioner.
ASSISTS.
Real Estate owned by Company S1.8SS.7SO 00
Loan* on Bonds and Morticac 3,307.350 CO
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company J.87J.837 50
Cosh In Company's Office X.f.% 73
Cash In Banka «77,007 »
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and .Leans 193 C3
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and MorticagM 44.CSS «
Premiums In duo Coarae of Collec-
tion ..*. 8T*.TK5 4*
Rents dus and accrued 10.000 U0
Life loan : 1,409 CO
Perpetual Policy premiums due 93 O
Total Assets .S9.43S.SC7 17
LIABILITIES. =====
Losses In process of Adjustment or
In Suspense $524,994 M
Ix>sses restated. Including: expenses.. 30.400 0O
Gross premiums on Klre. TUsks run-
ning one year or lesi. 53, 422,903 81;
reinsurance E0 per cent 1,711.499 40
Gross premiums en Fire Risks nm-
nlnsr more than one year. J3.67J.-
U3 «9: reinsurance pro rata- 1.821. 488 41
Amount reclalmable by the Insured
on perpetual fire Insurance policies. CJ.in n
Liability under Llf» D««<artment.... 30,C33 07
AU ether demands against tha com-
pany 174,519 St
Total Liabilities .J4.77S.05O b
INCOME. "*
jc*t cash actually received for Fire
prsmlums J4.717.4M 23
Received fcr Interest on Bonds and
Mcrtgaces 139.844 S3
Received for Interest and dividend*
on Bonds. Stocks. Loans and from
all other sources SB.E?t r.H
Received for Renta »4.1«2 07
Received from all other sources.. ... X0 oo
Total Income $5.M7.08l J9
t: X.P KN U 1 T ITKES. ~~~ ~
Net amount paid for Fire Losses ftn-
cludlng J31S.0S7 53. losses cf pre-
vious years) J3.402.4J2 vs
P»fd or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage *. 82«,C0«..r.t
Paid for Salaries. Fees and other
Charges for oGleem, clerks, etc.... J27.C3 tl
P»ld for State, National and Local
Taxes I«,r9 ?i
AU other payments and expendi-
tures a*8,4.n n
Total Expenditures $3.or?,5nrt fll
Fire.
I.OPKES incurred durtn* the year... *3. 35?.?:.? It
Risks and Premiums. | Fire Risks, t Premiums.
Net amount of Risks!
written during thej
year J718.948.427 JS. 137. 143 71
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
year S91.571.~9 «.CJS,SO! tt
Net amount In force
December 51. 1S99... SC4.0S0.7S." Z.09&S4TX)
HT ¦W. E.ATOX, Rest. Manager.
GEO. "W. IIOTT. I>puty Manac^-.
Subscribed and sworn to before m*. this JTth
day of March. 1900. TV. H. WILPEY.
Notary Public.
f *
O q
? II Natural Mineral Water ?
? Kifl\ known for centuries ond +
O £®a Imported o
° iSOSL ONLY IN B0TTLES - o
0 f?liSil» For Disorders* Staaach ?
2 "\7l~lT J3Its raluo has been testl. a
£ ggSfcg; fisd to by thousands. ?
k VlCUY * So-cnlled Vichy In Sy. ?
® :7~5^:"*i phons ?
1 £§iStl IS N0T VICHY. -r
*'||/!&jjrjp Get the Genuine. J
9 feSls^SIirSr Tour physician O
? gggS^ffg A. VI3NIZS, Dittrilntlag iffegl °
Over-Work \Veaken9
Your Kidneys.
Unhealthy Kidneys Make Impure Blood.
All the blood in your body passes through
your kidneys once every three minutes.
fThe kidneys are your
blood purifiers, they fil-
ter out the v/aste or
impurities in the blocd.
If they are sick or out
cf order, they fail to do
their work.
Pains, aches and rheu-
| matism come frcm ex-
cess cf uric acid in the
blood, due to r.ef 'acted
Kidney trouble causes quick or unsteady
heart beats, and makes one feel as though
they had heart trouble, because the heart is
over-working In pumping thick, kidney-
poisoned blood through veins and arteries.
It used to be considered that only urinary
troubles were to be traced to the kidneys,
but now modern science proves that nearly
all constitutional diseases have their begin-
ning In kidney trouble.
If you are sick you can rr.a'ts r.o mistake
by first doctoring your kidneys. The mild
and the extraordinary effect of Dr. Kilmer's
Swamp- Root, the great kidney remedy is
soon realized. It stands the highest for its
wonderful cures of the most distressing cases
and is sold on Its merits f^L*-
by all druggists in fifty- tf^&g££p££isS!Q
cent and one-dollar sir- g*^^^^f»££|i!£J
es. You may have a M5t sg£ggi.' *}\ ''jgp£3
sample bottle by mail 'nome of swamp-noot.
free, also pamphlet telling you how to find
out if you have kidney or bladder trouble.
Mention this paper when writing Dr. Kilmer
2c Co., Bingharriton. N. Y.
DR. KELMEB'S SWAMP BOOT.
kidney trouble.
DR. MEYERS; & CO,
fStotl.4 rfJSgj Most Extensive
J^JlftPI^ Consultation
¦^iNfShPfel 75/ Market St.,
™ l'/J^i* ' San Frcncisco.
UNITED STATES BBANCE.
STATEMENT
• —OF THE—
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
—OF THE—
LIVERPOOL and LONDON
and GLOBEARDMORE, I. T.. Sept. 19.— At Iona, a
small place east of here, yesterday, Post
master Dlsmuke was shot and instant
ly killed by Sam Ashton, a- well-to-do
stockman. DIsmuke's son rushed to his
father's aid and was also shot. He died
to-day. Ashton is under arrest. '
SHOT FATHER AND SON.
ST. JOHN'S, N. F., Sept. 19.— Forty-two
fishing vessels are ashore in the Straits
of Belle Isle and as many as thirty will
be totally lost. This Is in addition to the
disasters previously reported. Ship
wrecked crews, aggregating seventy-nine
persons, have been brought south by the
mail steamers and a special steamer will
go for the others.
Immense stocks of codfish have been
lost -with the shipping.
Reports of the loss of three more lives
were received to-day.
THIRTY MORE FISHING
VESSELS ARE WRECKED
Obstruction Pressing on the Brain Is
Being Absorbed and His Mind
Is Clearer.
BANGOR. Me., Sept. 19.— A report,
sent from the asylum in which Congress
man C. A. Boutelle is receiving treatment
for aphasia, received by his family here
to-day, states without qualification that
he is rapidly improving. The brain ob
struction, which, by allowing a physical
pressure upon certain parts, made it im
possible for him to properly corjtrol his
nerve centers, has so far been absorbed
under the treatment he has been receiving
that he is now only slightly troubled in
thought or speech and in general he is
himself again. At no time during his ill
ness has his physical condition failed.
The physicians say that they are agree
ably surprised at his recent rapid gains
and they are confident enough to hope for
an early and complete recovery.
CONGRESSMAN BOUTELLE
IS RAPIDLY RECOVERING
Wort of the capture and death of
Morales hns been sent to the Sheriff of
Los Angeles and the body will be kept
for identification, as there was a standincr
reward of $S00 for his body, dead or alive.
SA>; DIEGO. Sopt. 19.— Deputy Sheriff
Sam Thing- of Picacho arrived in the city
to-day with news of the killing of Pedro
Morales, the murderer of. Deputy Sheriff
Wilson of Los Angeles, last Sunday after
noon near the Real del Castillo. After
the murder of the Deputy Sheriff three
years ago Morales escaped into Lower
California. He was soon located there and
time and aeain plans were laid for his
capture, but he always escaped.. The
Mexican officials gave the American of
ficers full freedom, to hunt the murderer
in any part of their territory and in the
plans for his capture rurales played a
prominent part.
Last Sunday Morales ventured near the
settlement of Real and learning that tho
desperado was in that vicinity the J.udse
and two rurales set out to make the ar
rest. They came upon their man unex
pectedly, but no sooner did Morales see
the ofilcers than he opened fire. His first
shots missed their mark and Jn the return
volley from the officers one! of the bul
lets entered Morales' right cheek.
Although suffering and at a great dis
advantage on account of this terrible
wound Morales stood his ground for a
while, but all his bullets fell wide of tholr
aim. It was a pitched battle for several
minutes between the three officers and
the one criminal, but finally Moralfs
made an attempt to escape. He was fol
lowed by the officers and after an hour's
chase, the murderer was overtaken and
shot to death.
Slayer of Deputy Sheriff "Wilson of
Los Angeles Brought Down
by Lower California
Rurales.
MURDERER MORALES
KILLED BY OFFICERS
WILL VANNING MORRIS.
THE TAKU KID (real name unknown).
HANSEN MEYERS.
THOMAS BEUCY.
I. S. DOUD.
CAPTAIN JOHNSON of San Francisco.
CAPTAIN J. D. T1IACKABERY of
Portland, Or.
Captain Whitaker came to Seattle from
San Francisco on the steamship Ohio.
After remaining here for several weeks he
went to Nome -on the last trip of the Ta
coma and supervised the discharge of that
vessel's cargo. At Nome he met Beucy
and Morris and the three planned an ex
pedition to Golovin Bay. They were en
deavoring: to charter the schooner Se
quoia and were on board that vessel on
September 2 when the 3torm broke. When
the Sequoia broke from her moorings and
started drifting for shore the three men
put off in their small boat, which almost
Immediately capsized. Their bodies had
not been recovered up to September 8.
Captain .Thackabery of Portland was 60
years old and had been an Alaskan navi
gator for a number of years. His body
was found on the beach near Nome and
will be sent down on an early steamer.
The Taku Kid was killed in the surf
while trying to make a landing. Hl3 boat
overturned and was thrown on -top of
him by the waves, stunning him, and the
undertow carried him out to sea. He
came to Nome from Skaguay. A
Hansen Meyers' body was found flonmig
in the Snake River after the storm and
was identified by papers contained in the
pockets of his clothing.
Following is the list of vessels wrecked
and driven ashore:
Schooner Sequoia of Port Townsend. 331
tons. The captain attempted to beat out
to sea, but could not make it. The Se
quoia is a total wreck.
The hulk of the barJcentlne Catherine
Sudden, ground to pieces on the beach.
The tug Arrette, .driven on the beach at
Penny River.
The schooner Edith, driven on the beach
one mile west of Nome.
The schooner Arthur B of Seattle,
driven on the beach and ground to pieces.
The schooner Harriet, owned by Ch»
cago men, driven on the beach and totally
wrecked.
The tup Governor Stoneman. driven on
the beach near Penny River.
The Alaska Commercial Company's
wharf is a mass of wreckage. The Yukon
River steamer C. II. Hamilton, from
Dawson to St. Michael, was driven ashore
on the Yukon fiats on September 6. She
had on board 150 passtng-ers and $1,500,000
in gold. It was reported here to-day that
she was a total wreck and there had been
great loss of life, but the officers of the
North American Transportation and Trad
ing Company in this city say they have
received notice that she got off all right
and had safely arrived at St. Michael.
SEATTLE, Sept. 19.— Letters brought
down by the steamer St. Paul, arriving
here at a late hour last night, contain
further information regarding the havoc
wrought at Nome by the storm of Sep
tember 2 and the following three days.
In addition to P. H. Kiicat, Frank Hicks.
David Sinclair and P. T. McNichols, re
ported last night as having been drowned,
the following are to-day included in the
list of dead:
CAPTAIN RICHARD WHITAKER,
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Rumor of the Wrecking of the Treas
ure Ship C. H. Hamilton, With
• Heavy Loss of !>ife, T>enied
by Vessel's Owners.
Captain Richard Whitaker of San
Francisco Numbered Among the
Drowned.
At Least Twelve Persons
Now Known to Have
Perished.
NEW NAMES ON
LIST OF NOME
STORM VICTIMS
In 1*73 a silver dollar was worth one dollar
«nd elx-tenths in sold. In 1S78, eighty-nine
mits; in 1^3, eight-five cent?; in 1?SS. wventy
two cents; In 1SJ3. sixty cents and in 1836 forty
five cent*. Money may depreciate but there Is
one mandard ttomach remedy, which has not
changed In half a century, and that Is Hot
tetter 1 * Stomach Bittere. It always has been
the one unsurpassed remedy for indigestion,
dyspepsia, liver or kidney troubles.
Depreciation of Money.
LONDON. Sept. 19.— The Metropolitan
Tabernacle was reopened to-day by the
Rev. Thomas Spurgeon, a son of the late
Charles H. Spurgeon. Ira D. Sankey, tho
American evangelist, participated in the
services. • A very large congregation was
present. Mr. Sankey. in the course of his
remarks, said that he was the bearer of
congratulations from 10,000 friends In tho
United States.
Tabernacle Reopened.
WASHINGTON.- Sept. 19.— Allura E.
Ulch * of Ce>re>s, Cal., has been commis
sioned postmaster.
Pensions issued to-day: California-
Original— Alphonse W. KlinRcr, Veter
ans' Home, Napa, $8; James McCoach,
Princeton $6. Increase — John R. Court
right, Westminster, $8; Charles Ottlng,
Yreka, $12.
War with Spain— Original— William H.
RvnderR. Vallejo, $10.
Oregron — Mexican War survivors — In
crease—Thomas Bramel, Roseburp, $12.
Interests the Coast.
Special Dispatch to The Call
WASHINGTON. Sept. 19.— Former Sec
retary of State John Sherman to-day
placed on record a deed conveying- to his
adopted daughter, Mrs. Murye McCallum,
his handsome marble front mansion and
the adjoining property on K street. The
consideration named In the deed was "$100.
love- and affection." Mr. Sherman arrived
in Washington to-day.
Disposes of Property.
SANTA CRUZ, Sept. 19.— One of the
members of the Santa Cruz Women's
Christian Temperance Union to-day de
manded to be rejdfctered by County Clerk
Miller, so she could vote at the next elec
tion. The Clerk told her it was contrary
to law for women to replster. She re
quested that he look further into the mat
ter as she and a large delegation of laaies
would appear at his office to-morrow and
demand registration.
They Be Registered.
WOMEN SEEK TO VOTE.
Fair Santa Cruzans Demand That
RunnlcK, filx furlongs:
The Mlllor (Kelly) 1
fine Shot (Flynn) 2
Dolore (Frawley) i - 8
Time.. 1:15.
San AUffURtine, Limber Jim, Alveroa and
Twinkle Twlnk also ran.
Running, five furlongs:
Tule <ShucouKh) i
Nomadic (Kelly) 2
Uoyal Fan (Fearry) 3
Time, 1:02^4.
St. Apolllnaris, luabelle. Judge. Shropshire,
Alt Silk ar.rj Kl Arte also ran.
Trotting. 2:24 class, vtake $500, unfinished:
General Smith (J. Shaner and M.
Banders) 18 1111
MaKKle McKlnney (W. G. Dur
fee) 4 8 1112
Atherine <P. W. Hodgen) 118 4 4 3
Ben Llebe« <C. A. Durfee.) 8 4 4 3 3*
•Run out
Time. 2:21. 2:16%. 2:17H, 2:1S%, 2:17%. 2:20H.
in the 2:30 Trot.
8i«eclal LMspetch to The Ca'.l.
STOCKTON. Sept. j 19.— The Stockton
Driving Club Is proceeding on the theory
that "to trust is to bust," and as a result
the programme for the present race meet
has been chopped and pruned because of
the failure of some of the horsemen to
pay entrance fees. This action makes It
all the more Interesting for those horse
men who have paid, inasmuch as the.
In the 2;24 trot Atherine and General
Smith each took two heats. The final
heat between the two comes off to-mor
row. Summary:
Trotting. 2:20 clasr:
Juan Chico (H. H. Hellman) J 1 1 2 1
Vendome (O. F. Bunch) 12 2 12
Hank (J. Edge) 3 3 3 8 3
Time. 2:22. 2:23, J:21Vi. 2:21>4, 2:23%.
Juan Chico Beats Vendom© and Hank
SANTA CRUZ. Sept. 19.— There is much
rejoicing here this evening over the fact
that the amount necessary to obtain the
proposed woolen mill for Santa Cruz has
been subscribed. Forty thousand dollars
has been raised. The Board of Trade held
a jubilee meeting, with band and bonlire.
The- mill will be moved from Dallas. Or.,
and be In operation by next January. It?
will employ about 2<Xt persons .and have s.
monthly payroll of $5000. Work on the
buildings will bepin ; next month. The
mon^y was raised by dividing a tract of
forty acres Into lots, which sold for $200
each.
for a Woolen Mill.
SAUTA CRTJZ ENTERPRISE.
Forty Thousand Dollars Bonus Raised
Episcopal Convocation.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAX JOSE, Sept. 19. — The Episcopal
Convocation of *San Jose, comprising all
the Episcopal churches of Santa Clara,
Santa Cruz, San Benito, Monterey and
San Luis Obispo counties, will meet at
Santa Clara to-morrow. Very Rev. F.
B A. Lewis will preside. Many interest-
Ing papers and subjects will be discussed.
On Friday Bishop Nichols will advance to
the pristhood at convocation three dea
cons the Rev. Charles Hitchcock of the
Hitchcock School, San Rafael; the Rev.
J. D. Yoshlmura of the Japanese" Mission
in San Francisco, and the Rev. E. II. Ben
son of Santa Clara.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
IX)S AXGELES, Sept. 19.— Nearly 150
Methodist ministers met at the First
Methodist Church this morning to attend
the opening of the twenty-flfth annual ses
sion of the Southern California confer
ence. A large number of laymen and
women occupied seats In the auditorium.
Bishop Hamilton, after the communion
service with which the conference was
opened, spoke informally of the work
which he had come to conduct.
Rev B. J. Inwood was unanimously
chosen secretary of the conference. Mr.
Inwood selected as his assistants Rev. G.
A. Miller and Rev. H. W. Waltz. Rev. J.
N Rice was elected statistical secretary,
with the privilege of selecting his assist
ants. Rev. A. A. Graves was chosen
treasurer, and Rev. F. W. Wenk was
named as the railroad secretary. Commit
tees appointed were as follows:
Benevolences— A. W. Adkinson, C. H. Law
rence. C. I*, LJbby, A. A. Graves, A. Inwood.
Education-E. A. Healy, C. T. Wilson, B.C.
Cory, J. L. Pltner, E. B. Chase, V* . A. \\; right,
J M. Huston. William PiUenger. J. B. Green,
I. L,. Spencer, J. C. Elliott. S. H. Enye&rt. In.
J. Burton.
Missions"— The presiding elders.
Admission and relation to conference— S. A.
Thomson, W. A. Wright, E. S. Chase, G. W.
Publishing Interests — J. A. McMillan. W. A.
Wright. K. Barton. A. Inwood. F. Miller,
Stat« of the church— George T\ . W hite, w.
A." Knlehten. G. A. Miller, E. Hoskyn, C. L.
"'publishing minutes— The secretaries.
T^mt#rance-D. H. Glllan. F. Miller, K. \\ .
rascoe Isaac Jewel. W. Dlnwoodle.
Sabbath observance— D. C. Cory, S. S. Samp
son W, L. Miller, F. W. Johnson, J. PlttenRer.
Bible cause-F. D. Ashlcigh. T. W Lincoln.
J. .M. Richmond. Charles Leach, F. M. War-
n r'a°"oral addresn— L. M. Hartley, William
Stevenson, A. C. Williams.
Memoirs-A. W. Bunker, W. 'A. Wright, T.
S. Uren. A. M. Ogborn. L. E. Robinson.
Women's Home Missionary Society— \\. A.
Knlghten. S. Sprowles, L. G. Spring, J. H.
Avery, C. J. Muller.
Women's Foreign Missionary Society— M. A.
Mengher, W. A. Bell, J. A. H. Wilson, C. M.
Ross, 8. P. Woolpert.
Audltlne presidlnr elders* accounts— A. N.
Fields, S. S. Sampson, H. J. Crist.
Epworth Leagufr-E. H. Fretr, C. T. Wilson,
G. A. Miller. H. W. Waltz.
Resolutions— Rev. W. A. Wright, J. C. Healy,
B. C. Cory.
I The memorial service held in com
me'moration of the lives of those who
have passed from life in the last year
was very impressive. The exercises were
conducted by Rev. Mr. Bunker and the
Westlake church choir supplied music.
Bishop Hamilton Opens the Twenty-
Fifth Session of the South
ern California Con
ference.
METHODISTS GATHER
IN THE ANGEL CITY
SAN LUIS OBISPO. Sept. 19.— The sons
of Switzerland have made extraordinary
preparatlons for the celebration of the
Independence of Switzerland to-morrow.
Three goddesses were selected by popular
vote as follows: Elvezia, Annie Pezzoni;
Goddess of Uberty, Nellie Thompson;
America, Belle Canet. Dr. W. T. Lucas
of Santa Maria will deliver an English
oration.
San I/uis Ohispo's Fete.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
as president of the day, while E. Pohll
of San Francisco will deliver the oration
The festival will conclude with a ball and
literary exercises at the opera-house In
the evening.
PETALUMA, Sept. 19.— All Is In
readiness for to-morrow's cele
bration of the 609th anniversary
of Switzerland's independence un
der the auspices of the Sonoma
and Marin Swiss Club. The programme
will open in the morning with a parade
through the principal streets of the city,
which have been lavishly decorated for
the occasion. The principal features of
the parade will be floats representing
memorable events in the history of Switz
erland. William Tell and his son will be
Impersonated in full costume.
Hon. F. A. Meyer of Petaluma will act
Special DUpatch to Th<? Oil.
HON. F. A. MEYKR, WHO WILL, ACT AS PRESIDENT OF THE DAY AT
THE SONOMA AND MARIN COUNTY SWISS CELEBRATION IN PET
ALUMA.
SALTNA^. Sept. IS.— Mrs. J. Johnson and
H.rp Aii-.l* I.Huritr.'-ii of Ifanta Rosa, were ee
v<-r»!r lnjur*-<i !n a rauvt; accident near
Frr*>ckfls this afternoon.
When court adjourned this afternoon
both Dr. Bople and the Jury were, re
manded into the custody of the Sheriff.
Since the trouble Dr. Bogle has been out
on $20,000 bail.
SANTA ROSA. Sept. 19.— The trial of
Dr. S. S. Boeie. chanrexi with the killing
of J. M. Miller last April, began here this
morning before Judge Carroll Cook. Con
trary to expectations a jury was sworn
before adjournment in the afternoon and
the introduction of evidence will begin
to-morrow. On account of the prominence
of the parties connected with the case the
trial has attracted much attention. At
torneys J. \V. Oates and A. B. Ware ap
pear for the defendant and District At
torney O. O. Webber represents the peo
ple.
Bogle of Santa Rosa Will
Begin To-Day.
Taking of Evidence in the Cas» of Dr.
JURY SWORN TO TRY
J. M. MILLER'S SLAYER
The tactics of the defense were very
skillful. They first introduced medical
testimony to show that the Inflammation
which caused Himes' death might have
resulted from excessive drinking, and
with this as a foundation proceeded to
show that the murdered man was a hab
itual drunkard and. Incidentally, that dur
ing his long: drunken sprees he abused his
son Fred In a shameful manner. Witness
after witness was called to establish this
feature of the case and before night
public sentiment had shifted somewhat
to the Fide of the defense. Xobody looks
for a conviction.
Tlie evidence for the prosecution con
sisted of tJie confessions made by Fred
Himes at the time of his arrest and later
at the Coroner's inquest. Some corrobo
rative testimony was taken.
The impanel Ins of a jury was a difficult
task. Some of the talesmen declared that
they were biased and many of them said
they would not return a verdict of mur
der against a boy of fred'** a^e. A special
venire had to be ordered before the jury
was obtained. The following talesmen
were eventually chosen: H. P. Cotton,
Andrew Anderson. A. A. Grimstead, G.
¦\V. I'rickPtt, R. M. Thompson, A. T.
Stevens. W. C. Holland, P. D. Jones, John
Harry. S. M. Ray, James Nelson and N.
N. Berbora.
District Attorney Everts appeared for
the prosecution and Judge M. K. Harris
for the defense. The little defendant sat
l>esidc his little cousin. Klmer Martin, who
was his accomplice in the awful crime. He
was surrounded by a number of his rela
tives. The courtroom wa.i crowded and
the thmr watched the proceedings with
intense Interest.
FRESNO, Sept. If*.— The trial of Fred
Him«'s, charged with the murder of his
father by administering R<iU£h on Rats,
was begun t»ofor<- Judge Webb in the Su
perior Court to-day. Before night nearly
all the testimony was In and to-morrow
the case will go to the jury, which Is
called upon to decide whether it shall send
the prisoner to the gallows.
Special Pippatrh to The Oill
i
Fate of the Young Defendant Likely
to Be Decided To-Day and Court
Spectators Look for an
Acquittal.
Defense Seeking to Prove That the
Lad's Father Died From Al
coholic Poisoning.
Trial ol Little Fred Himes
lor Parricide Begins
at Fresno.
MANY TESTIFY
OH BEHALF OF
BOY MURDERER
S. I. Kuwana. assistant in the entomol
ogy <l»'iiarunent of tho university, who
returned on Friday irom Jai)an, has
brought ba<k with him a fine collection
of the San Jos^e scalt? and other known
forms, together with maojr new ones, and
e)x new parasitea of the Fan Jose scale.
He b«U«'«i the San .lose scale to hava
originated in Japan. Jn that country It
attack?" principally th^ pear and apple
trees, frequently killing old trees.
Special Dispatch to The Call
PTAKFORD UNIVERSITY. Sept. IP —
As tho remit r«l thf sending to Ja;>an of
• n export entomologist to make researches
rr'frnrding: !hf. ravages of the so-called
Ban Jose pcale in that country Stanford
University has demonstrated that it is
asafr.st tl^e Mikado's land the California
orchardift must be nrutected to prevent
the entrance uf this fruit pest.
Brings Back From Orient Many New
Varieties of the Pest Which
Causes Heavy Losses to
Orchard ists.
Result of Researches Conducted by an
Expert Sent Out by the
University.
Fruit Destroyer Believed to
Have Originated in
Japan.
SAN JOSE SCALE
IS A NATIVE OF
MIKADO'S LAND
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 20, lOOp.
Petaluma and San Luis OWspo Put on Gau
Garb in Preparation for the Anni
versary Festivities.
SWITZERLAND'S NATAL
DAY TO BE OBSERVED
"WINNERS AT STOCKTON.
4
Trade Supplied by Redington & Co -
CAUTION TO THE PUBLIC— Due to the larsre sale and Increasing demand
for Dr. DeFord's Remedies unscrupulous dealers are offering what thev call "Ju-st
as good." Be sure to get DeFord's and refuse all others.
No matter what your disease may be—
No matter how many doctors have treated you —
No matter how much medicine you have taken —
No matter how hopeless your condition may seem —
WRITETO. .. . no PA1II DeFORH ThoFmlnent
UI\. rHUL UCTUIVU, European Graduate.
FOR FREE MEDICAL ADVICE.
No. 175 North Spring Street, Los Angeles, Cal.
Personal letters to Dr. DeFord receive his confidential attention.
Remedies mailed to any address, postpaid, on receipt of price.
•FOR SALE AT ALL DRUGSTORES.
TITS CATARRH CT'RE— Soldom fail." to cure even the ol.lest and worst forma
of this disease In any part of the body. Prlcp 25 cents.
HIS GENERAL DEBILITY CURE— Will restore the appetite, enrich the blood
and make you strong: and well. Price 23 cents;.
HIS HEART CURE— Every dose jflves strength to tho nervous, wenk and
crippled heart. Price 25 cents.
HIS CONSTIPATION CURE — Makes permanent cures — not a laxative that
moves your bowels to-d.Ty. to leave you worse to-morrow. Price 2." cents.
HIS BLADDER CURE— Stops at oner the mlserv. p^in. buminsr and frequent
urination that other remedies cannot even relieve. Price 25 cents.
HIS REGENERATOR— Makes weak men strontr: builds up and restores tho
weak and degenerated spinal nerve». Prior* SO ceniz.
And so on through the list of Dr. DeFord's 45 different specific and Infalljhlij
cures, prepared to cure 43 different dlseasrs. They are not ci:re-all<». but a separata
cure for each disease, 25 cents a vial, mostly.
His advanced system of Homeopathic Medicine, the result of years of experi-
ence and research, so mild yet so quickly effective, has completely taken the place
of all Homeopathic and old Fchool methods previously advocated or known, a.-*
much as the electric light has superseded the tallow candle. I>r. DeFord jsys:
"My remedies are the only medicines discovered up to this time that i:re effective,
reliable, safe and suitable for the diseases of man. All oth*r Hr>meop.".thlc reme-
dies in existence previous to my dlscovevry are plain white supar pili.i, without
the slightest indication of medicine; no physical, physiological or chemical evidence
of medicinal elements being: present.
You can take the entire contents of a vial of these supnr pills without the slight-
est 111 effects; such so-called medicine Is not any the leas fatal, because of its utter
ineffectiveness against disease and waste of time so precinus to the sick. Don't
trifle away the health and life of yourself ard dear ones. I bes of you." Dr. I>e-
Kord furtner says: "Each one of mv remedies- has its individuality ::s to ta.«te.
color, odor and medicinal action. They are effective, yet harmless, because they r>O
ACT only on the diseased parts and not on the healthy structures of the body. As
to the old. yet to-day still eorrmon, method* of treating diseases with strong drugs.
physics, mercury and other poisons, refuse to be treated by a system <if medicine
that produces a half dozen diseases In the effort to pet rid of one. and If It cures
the disease, practically destroys the patient; medicine that is no more suited to the
human system than an ox yoke for a pony."
DR. DEFORD'S ADVANCED HO.MEOPATHIC SYSTEM OF .MKDTrTN'R Is
the INTERMEDIATE SYSTEM that stands between the candr-surai pill fallacy
(harmless and fatal because incompetent » and the health and life destroying ros-
trum and strong drug treatment. DR. DEFORD'S ADVANCED HOMEOPATHIC
MEDICINES are the only rational remedies known to mankind.
Dr. DeFord's Remedies Act With tba First Dose, 6
HIS RHEUMATISM CURE— Will relieve in a few hours and cure in a few
days. Price 25 cents.
HIS COUGH CURE — Is guaranteed to cure after ail other remedies ha.ve
failed. Price 25 cents.
HIS NERVE CURE— Builds up the nerve- rrlls of evprv part of the body nnd
cures forever nervous debility and sleeplessness. Price 2.". c< nta.
HIS KIDNEY CURE— Will restore those organs to healthy action in SG out of
everv 100 cases. Price 25 cents.
ite will forfeit $.V>0.00 for every case of Eczema his Blond and Skin Cure and
Skin Ointment fail to cure, no matter how loni? standinK; n<> matter how horrible
the itching.
HIS DYSPEPSIA CURE— Ts acknowledged by all to be the only veal cure for
all stomach disorders. Price 2.*> crr.ts.
He educates them against the candy-sugar-pill fallacy (harmless,
but fatally incompetent) and the health and life destroying nostrum and
strong drug treatment.
His new and wonderfully successful treatment by his Intermediate
Homeopathic System is being rapidly adopted by all of the prominent
physicians. 100,000 converts to Dr. DeFord's New School of Medicine in
this city are expected.
Dr. DeFord Has Opened the Eyes of the People
Kept Busy Bringing in the Results of the Great
TeSt of Dr. DeFord's Remedies
EVERYBODY PRAISING DR. DEFORD'S FAIR AND OPEN DEALINGS WITH
the public. In every Eastern city where his remedies have be*n tested. It has
been found that they cure in % out of every 100 cases, properly indicated, taking: all
stages nnd conditions of diseases together, and that in the?-e cities the death rat©
was lowered 10 to 2G per cent In one month. Dr. DeFord does not expect you to
try his remedies until thousands here and elsewhere have tested them and dem-
onstrated thflr superiority over all other". FREE DISTRIBITION' FROM THE
EXAMINER OFFICE IS CLOSED. ASK YOUR DRUGGIST FOR WHAT YOU
WANT.
The Leading Newspapers Are Investigating—Reporters
His Honest Methods to Prove the Great Curing Power
of His Remedies Meet With Grand Success.
8760 Suffering Citizens Receive a Sample of
Dr. DeFord's Rational Remedies.
HIS GRAND GIFT TO THE PEOPLE
THE TALK OF THE CITY
DOCTOR
6AX FRANCISCO.
WILLARD 0. WAYMAN, Manager.
G. W. HcNEAR, General Agrent.
PACIFIC DEPARTMENT,
NE. Cor. California and Sansome Its.,
OF PHILADELPHIA, IN THE STATE OF
Pennsylvania, on the 3l?t day of December.
A D. 1S09. and for the year ending: on that
£ay a» ir.ade to th* Insurance Commlsloner
ci tba Ftate of California, pursuant to the pro-
visions ol rwUflWt 610 and €11 of the Political
Code, condensed ks per black furnished by the
Commissioner:
CAPTTAI*
Amount of Capit*! Flock, paid up In
ASSETS. ~
Jleal Estate owTi.-fl by Company $403.500 00
l^sne ™ nonis and MTt^SKes 724.S50 00
O«h Market Value of. all Stocks and
nonds ownM by Company 601.B31 00
Amour.t of l^ar.s F^cured by pledge
of Bond*. Stock! an1 other market-
able eecuritlex «(¦ collateral .*. 116. SO* Ofl
Cash In Company's Office 11.959 17
C*sh la IJar.kF 81.835 7*
Jnterwt <3ue and accrued on all
Etocki aryl loan* 8,151 J?
Interest <iu«? ar.4 accrued on Bend*
tn4 Mnrtnrf 1S.2M 4*
j>rr~n'.urr.r in due ("oub"' of Cnllfct'.on S8.0C2 IS
U'lfs re<-eivat!e. n"t Matured, taken
fnr Fire and Marine Itifks 18.M4 95
B*r.t» due and accrued 4C0 50
Jjue from other Companies for Reln-
foiaoce on losee* a!r»ady paid 11.210 0«
Total Arrtta J2,0«S.SJ« (4
mabii.tttt:?. '
T.s-f+ In rroc^ 1 * of Adjustment or
In Suepenee $17,227 45
I>56«-» reflFted. Including expense*. .. 2,700 00
Grofi prerr.'.urr.? on Fire His** run-
r.tr.K on* ypar or I'-fs. f.'!3.44J 28; r*-
lr.«:ra.nc« El per cent 114. 724 68
Croff rr*-Tr.ium« en Fire Rlnkn run-
n'.n* more than one year. *r67.935 10;
reinsurance prn rata 237, S 48 05
Amount reclalmaWie by the insured
on perpetual Fire InFurance Poli-
cies «J4,OS8 31
All other demands acalnst the Com-
pany Ct. 303 51 ]
Totil liabilities SU32.E3? 01
TXTJME.
JCet ca«h «<-tuBllT received for F"!re
premium* $40».2«5 38
j5«-rr".«-r i fc r inter»<>t en B"n<Js and
Mcrtrace* 46.687 47
Itpc#ive<j for Interest nnd dividends
on B^n-l*. Ptnck«. Loans, and from
¦11 other eiurcefi 80.067 43
Received for Jlents lO.Rrtl 53
Received from all other sources 1,9€2 51
Total Income UPS. 784 21
EX l'V7N-r>TTT-RKS.
Net amount pa1<1 for Fire Lorses
<lnclud!r.jr J2?.C!2 11, losee* of previ-
ous year*) S225.SS3 71
T>lviaen<".» to Ftr>ckho!ders 75,000 60
Paid or allTwed for CVimmlFRion or
Brokerage M. 033 60
raid for Salaries. Fer» and other
charges fcr officer*, clerk*, etc L5.2CS 44
raifi for State, National and Local
taxee 23,029 £s
All other payment* and exj>e«dl-
ture» iri.SU c;
Total nxpenflltur** J0OS.126 C3
Ix>fk-* lncurrr-d darlnt the year
¦ Fire) $263.107 17
J?iFky and Premium?.! Fire UiEks. j Premiums.
Net amount of nisk»l
written durlnr the)
year I $12,722.27$ $507,213 58
%et amount of R1«=Vsl
expired during the
year 4S.102.RS7 439,753 70
Net amnur.t !n fnroe
December SI. 1X89.. I «.r.9S.0<3 7K1.SR2 S3
JAMKP P. AU'ORn. Vice President.
Eimirc F. MERRILL Secretary.
FutiscrU.e<l and rworn to before me, 'this 2?th
day of January. 1500.
GBnP.GE P. WIT/^US. Notary Publlc.
INSURANCE COMPANY
FIRE AND MARINE
— of the: —
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
STATEMENT
Small Pin. Small Dose.
6maH f*rtC9«
ness, Bad Taste to tbe fttmrth, Coated Tcngru
Pain In the Side, TORPID LIVER. They
Hc^ulate the BoweU. Purelj Vegetable.
PGSGtively cared &y tbeso
Xdttle Pills.
Ifcsy also relieve Distress from DyirpepsSi,
Indigcstioii and Too Hearty Eating. Aper.
fee* raau&y tot Dizziness, Nausea, Drorrsl.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
«°vl° loio|o|ololo|olololoi oi'oiololoioloioiofol °X°S
Sov -*• lit/ • • • « g
gog THE FASHIONABLE PRIVATE ADDRESS DIRECTORY. go«
s-g Season 1900-1901. Now Being Compiled. §-§
O~8 Being earnestly requested by some of our most prominent ladies and Q Q
SoS business men. vit have- decided to arrance the names In the ne*t edition OqQ
oc-._^ of The Rlue Book numerically, p.ccordlns to streets and numbers. The Ct_8
Jd o £ odd numbers on one uld« and the even on the other, giving the lndl- OTTO
>* » vidual members of each fnmllj', also classified alphabetically. Thf chief O°8
P.~Q object is to furnlfch a directory by which you can find a name by know- v$ — o
8PO Ing the residence number, or find the residence by knowing the name. WPi>
_O Owing to the numerous chanees caused by removals, deaths, mar- j-k«-«S
O O riagres, changee In reception days nnd the substitution of new mini- 'X P5
IS— S bers for old in the residence districts. The ISlue Book this year will 8 ~*
KO0 assume an importance never before equaled In the history of the pub- So»
w— X licatlon. ¦ Q — V.
WOrt Trle C' UD Department will contain a complete list of the leading clubs. So*
.y_2x? civlng the officers,, directors and an official list of the members, with V— V
S_j5 their buslnens addresses. Tbe I-adles' Clubs will be a special feature. Qi-.W
O u w The work . will . contain ' a street and avenue xuidp, calling and address o Q
j§~Q list, theater diagrams, perponnel of the presp, winter quests of the lead- «~8
OOa ing hotels, suburban residents, army and navy, shopping guide. Includ- JROS
O~w 'njc a list of the very best places to trade. Also the Street Railway Guide. ft— S
OOS arranged alphabetically, containing the various street-car routes and XoS
X— S transfer points,, clvlng a ready reference to any number and the car to *¦* >*
80S take at R K lanre - Q n O
A W A ¦ ¦ ' -* i*l X\.
|S— « ADDRESS ALL. CHANGES TO O° C*
g-| CHARLES C. HOAG, Editor and Publisher. |^|
»-§ ,225 Post Street, San Francisco. S^g
ooioio!o|o|o|o|o|o|o|oloiro|o|ot.o|oioi 0T010 1 o T0T03
Jj| CARTERS'
J1|W.VER
DRAWN? HEAR ThTenT
of hot weather now. when you will be
thinking of resuming your white linen
once more for business and social func-
tions, and we wish to remind you that j
this is the laundry where the work is al-
ways done satisfactorily, and the color
and finish on shirts, collars and cuffs is
without a rival.
Domestic finish for full dress shirts. It
you order It.
No saw edges.
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
Office 1OO4- Market Street
"-. . Near Powell. v
Telephone— South 42O,
Oakland Offlce-62 San Pablo Ave.
LADD'S GUN STORE,
tSVJEgSS^^^"* 1^ 421 Keamy street. S. F., for
W*^ Fishing Tackle and Sporting
Goods. Tbe largest stock oa
the Pacific Coast of every description. Send 1
cents In postage stamps for tb« latest 90-pa«*
Illustrated catalogue. No. 4.
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
|S A GREAT RESTORATIVE. 1NV1UURA-
¦tor and Nervine.
' The most wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic for the Sexual Orleans fcr both sexe*.
The Mexican remedy for Diseases of th« Kid- j
neys and Bladder. Bells on its own merits. ;
NABER. ALFS A BRUNE. A (tents.
123 Market at.. S. F.— (Send for Circular.)
RUPTURE CURED.
When we say "rupture cured" we m»aa !t.
for It Is a fact that dnrlne the pant 20 ye?»rs
DR. PIERCE' S MAGNETIC ELASTIC TRITSS
has CURED thousands of cases. Noth'.ns fiia
like it. Best retainer made. It dors the wuk.
Investigate tor yourself. E7"Call for "Book-
let Xo. V" or send 2 cents In stamps. Ad-
"MAGNETIC ELASTIC TRUSS CO.,
62O Market Street. San Francisco.
Or 1145 Broadway. New York City. .
kj^kSeSi k \ra3L *cf My^^^*£|£jj
Kl . fj 5 _• vM '"jSj £$ En fc» iSm
1 5 JJ Byg8 En Spj W I Cw9
tTOISG F»O GUY..
Successor to L)r. LAI PO TA1.
graduate of Canton M.-!i-al
College, after a very success-
ful practice of many years !n
China, ban located In 3an
Frarciseo. Th* surprising and
marvelous cure* effected by
his herbs demonstrate th*lr
potence and his skUX The**
herbs cure over «M> dlft»r«nt
diseases. Including Brlutn'i
Di«ase, Diahetes, Consume*
tlon. Asthma. . Paralya?*
Brain. Nerve. Cancers. Tumors. "Blood. M»><»
and Female Maladies. All persons afflicted
with any kind of ma-'adv whatsoever *r« ln-
Tit*d to call. Office. TM Washington at. Ofli
hours— J a. m. to 12 re.. I to 9 p. m.: Sundir^
10 a. m. to 12 m. Accept grateful thanka • 1 t^
effecting a eur» of asthma of severer rears-
standing. A. DARLEY. San Rafa»l.
W(iH? Ci $1.00 itrYesr
ADVERTISEMENTS.Piper Estate Sale Confirmed.
The sale of over half a million dollars'
worth of securities belonging to the es
tate of the late William A. Piper was con
firmed by Judge Troutt yesterday.
Dr. B. W. Halnes, dentist, returned from
abroad and resumed practice. 813 Sutter.*
George Ackland. 219 Tenth street, fell
from his express wagon on Fosom street
yesterday morning. He was taken to the
Receiving Hospital, where It was found
that he was suffering from contusions of
the left arm, chest and back and possibly
Internal injuries.
Fell From His Wagon.
The body of Bertram Adams, the young
man who was struck by a San Jose train
at Ocean View on September 11, and who
died several days later from the effects of
his injuries, was taken to Carson City
Nov.. Tor burial. The remains were talten
to an undertaking apartment soon after
death, and not to the Morgue.
Did Not Go to the Morgue.
Executors of Decedent's "Will Tile
Final Account and Petition for
Adjudication.
The final account of George C. Perkins,
Edwin Goodall and C. M. Goodall a3 ex
ecutors of the will of the late Charles
Goodall, together with their petition'for
the distribution of decedent's estate, was
filed yesterday. The recapitulation of the
account shows that since August 8. 189ft,
the receipts total S70.6S7 74. The disburse
ments amounted to $54,809 92, leaving a
cash balance of $15,877 82. The total value
of the estate is $1,010,362 74. The commis
sions of the executors amount to $11,923 62.
The residuary devisees and legatees to
whom the properties now In the hands of
the executors will be distributed are: Mrs.
Caroline . J. Goodall. decedent's widow,
and his children— Charles Minor Goodall,
Flora A. Bland, Serena T. Kell and Harry
Walter Goodall.
The will of the late Rebecca Carson
was filed for probate yesterday. Deced
ent's estate exceeds $10,000 In value. Alice
M. Carson and Rebecca M. Ragan, de
cedent's granddaughters, are bequeathed
$250 each. • The residue of the estate Is
devised In equal shares to decedent's chil
dren—Mary Huddy. Sarah A. Dunbar,
John B. Carson and Maggie E. Barr.
GOODALL ESTATE IS
TO BE DISTRIBUTED
¦\\ m. H. Menton. the Southern Pacific's
well-known excursion agent, will be in
command.
The Santa Cruz excursion which is
scheduled for the 30th inst. is coming at
a very opportune season. That favored
resort has enjoyed one of the most per
fect summers known for many years,' and
the delights of the beach and elsewhere
are as nearly perfect as it Is possible to
be. The fame is true of conditions all
through the Santa Cruz Mountains, which
naturally Insures a favorable trip to and
fro.
EVERYTHING FAVORABLE
FOR A GREAT TIME
George H. Kavanaugh, 640 Market
street, San Francisco, purchased a one
quarter or $1 ticket in the lottery of the
Beneficencia Publica Company, City of
Mexico, In the August 23 drawing, which
won $20,000. his share being $5000, which
was promptly paid.
Another fortunate Investor was Charles
Martv, Twenty-fifth and San Bruno ave
nue San Francisco, who purchased a one
quarter or $1 ticket, No. 42,479, in the
above named lottery, which won $10,000,
his share being $2500, which was also
promptly paid.
Almost monthly one of the capital
prizes Is won here,- and this is the cause
of the popularity of the lottery of the
Bcneflcencia Publica Company on this
coast.
A further reason Is that the people
know that this Is the only lottery guar
anteed and protected by the Mexican Na
tional Government. All drawings are held
in public under the strictest vigilance of
federal authorities; therefore the fairness
of its drawings are vouched for by the
Department of State, the Mexican Na
tional Government appointing Dr. Gre
gorlo Orlve for the Treasury Department
and Apollnar Castillo Intervenor; there
fore everybody, is assured of the honest
dealings of the old reliable lottery of the
Beneficencia Publica Company, of which
U. Bassctti is president and manager.
More Fortunate Investors.
Bell song, "Lakme" (Dellbes); (a) "Pour
quol" (Salnt-Saens), (b) "Chant Venltten"
(BembeiB): romance (Popper), Arthur Weiss,
cellist: "La Fee aux Chansons" (BemberK);
(a) "Autumn." (b) "Sprlnp" (Well); "Caprice
Honsrroise" (Roever), Arthur Weiss, cellist;
shadow dance "Dinorah" (Meyerbeer); "Le
Cygne." song of dying swan (Lecocq), sung be
hind the scenes.
The second programme, to be given to
morrow evening by Miss Rose Relda, now
of the Opera Comique, Paris, and formerly
a pupil of Miss Marie Wlthrow in San
Francisco, is also most Interesting. This
will be the only opportunity of hearing
Miss Relda. as she leaves for the East
early in October. The programme Is as
follows:
"Maman. DItes-mol" (Old French): "Cett
mon Ami" (Marie Antoinette): "Bergerette"
(Old French); "Bolero" (Thome).
"Ah*. Rendlmi": cycle of eight songs, "Frauen
Lieb un'd Lleben" (Schumann); "The Year's at
the Sprini?" (Rogers) ; "Persian Sons'" (Bur
meister); "The Nightingale," "Roumanian
Song," O, Swallow Flying; South" (Foote);
"Love Me or Not" (Secchi); "Gla 11 Sole"
(Scarlatti); aria from "Mitranes" (Rossi);
Two notable programmes are promised
by two clever Californian girls this and
to-morrow evening at Sherman & Clay's
Hall. The first will be that of Miss Anna
Miller Wood, the contralto of the First
Unitarian Church In Boston, and at pres
ent visiting in this city. Her list of songs
Includes the following:
Belda to Appear.
I -- '
Miss Anna Wood and Miss Hose
C0NCEHTS BY NOTED SINGERS.
rr.orr.ing for New York and Boston, in
wh'.rh latter city they will attend a con
fereace of mail officials, which is to take
place oa September -4. The chief object
rf their visit is to closely investigate the
pneumatic tube mail service now in use
;i f-.r.d other large cities of the
East. If the service proves to be all that
ir for it San Francisco** new
J' >1 Doe will be completely outfitted and
a.!f-". oa one :••"! with the sub-stations. •
H. P. Thrall, superintendent of the rall
•ray mail service, and Assistant Post
master Ii. F. McKinley loft yesterday
Pneumatic Xail Service.
Companies B and M of the Twenty
fourth Infantry arrived at the Presidio
from Fort Wright, Wash., yesterday
morning and were sent to the tents lately
occupied by the men of the Fifth and
Eighth Infantry. Most of the men are
old soldiers and have seen considerable
service. They went through the Cuban
campaign with flying colors. They re
mained In Havana during the yellow fever
epidemic and won golden opinions by
their conduct. The detachment Is com
manded by Captains H. C. Keene. A. A.
Cabaniss and Lieutenants H. B. Nelson,
D. F. Keller and Johnson. Captain Ca
baniss, In command of M »Company. Is a
brother of Police Judge Cabaniss of this
city.
The following order Issued by the "War
Department will prove a source of much
satisfaction to the soldiers of the- Ninth
Infantry who followed their beloved col
onel in the desperate attack on Tientsin:
By direction of the President, the new mili
tary post at Port Valdez. Alaska, will hereafter
be known as Fort Ltscum, in honor of Colonel
Emerson H. Uscum. Ninth United States In
fantry, who was killed while gallantly leading
COLORED FIGHTERS
ARRIVE AT PRESIDIO
Heroes of the Cuban Cam
paign Come From Fort
Wright.
lis regiment at the battle of Tientsin. China,
m July 13, loco.
Salassa as Valentine in "Faust"
Makes a Distinct Hit at
the Tivoli.
"Faust" and "Trovatore" are crowd
ing the TIvoll Opera-house nightly to its
utmost capacity. Everything runs
smoothly and Salassa's complete recovery
of tone is a matter of hearty congratula
tion among the Tivoli audiences. He ap
pears this week as Valentine In "Faust,"
raising the dignity of this minor role to
that of one of the most striking features in
the opera. Next week "The Barber of Se
ville" will be given and also "Tann
hauser." in response to an overwhelming
demand
• • •
"The Bells" and Dion Bouclcault's one
act play, "Xapoleon's Guard," are draw
ing good audiences at the Columbia
Theater. Mr. Clement has added to his
reputation by his rendering of the Mat
thias role.
• • . •
Ada Lewis Is attracting large audiences
to the Alcazar Theater, In spite of the
inherent weakness of her opportunities in
the current play, "The .Widow's Hus
band." Next week "His Japanese Wife"
will be put on.
• • •
"Kelly's Kids," a farce comedy success,
will follow "Ship Ahoy" at the Alhambra
Theater, to open on Sunday afternoon
next. The original New York company,
including the Otts and thirty farce come
dians, will be seen, in the forthcoming
show.
• • •
The sale of seats for the Azzali grand
opera season at the California Theater
opens this morning. The company will
begin their season with a performance of
"Otello" on Sunday evening next. "Car
men" will be given on Monday evening,
"Aida" on " Tuesday, "Traviata" on
Wednesday, with repetitions of these
during the rest of the week.
• . • •
"Standing 1 room only" is the result of
the Jessie Bartlett Davis engagement at
the Orpheum. There are others also on
the bill, the Johnstone brothers. McCabe
and Daniels. Organ and Delmo, Young
America Quintet. Querlta Vincent. John
son and Dean, and Mansfield and Wilbur
also contribute to the joy of nations.
At Fischer'3 Concert-house Hanlon and
Singer, Paul La Croix, Mae Tunlson, J. F.
Veaco, Eudora Forde, L. C. Beban, Olive
Vail and Pearl Hlckman comprise the list
of attractions.
• • • *
Conradi's "Living Statuary," Sid Bax
ter, juggler and balancer, and the "Dance
of all Nations" are this week's bill at the
Olympia.
The Chutes Is still headlining Seabury.
the high diver, and to-night will be
"amateur night" In the vaudeville show.
UNUSUALLY GOOD BILLS
AT ALL THE THEATERS
George W. Smith, stenographer of
Judge Troutt's court, was called to the
stand to read his transcribed notes.
Barnes objected to the reading of the
confession by the .witness. The ftbjection
was sustained, but this morning- Mr.
Smith will answer the questions of the
District Attorney as to the authenticity
Richard J. Graf, cashier of Rauer's Law
and Collection Agency, testified that he
saw. the check given by Rauer to Chre
tien in payment for the deed in question.
The same was admitted in evidence and
identified by the witness. Rauer then tes
tified as to having advanced the money to
Chretien on the forged deed, after hav
ing been assured of its genuineness by
Chretien, whose statements were also cor
roborated by the record of the court.
Judge Troutt, before whom Chretien
confessed to forgery of the deed through
Colthorp, was called to the stand. Judge
Troutt testified as to Chretien's admis
sions before him and to the fact that
Chretien stated that he made his confes
sion of his own free will and without hope
of consideration.
John M. Chretien, director of the con
spiracy to loot Jhe estate of the late Jo
seph Sullivan, will in all probability hear
the judgment of the jury in the forgery
case before this day is over. The prose
cution concluded the presentation of its
case against Chretien yesterday, except
ing one point.- Chretien's confession of
the crime before Judge Troutt will be
read this morning to the jury and then
the defense will begin.
When the case was called by Judge
Dunne yesterday morning the work of
completing the jury was taken up. With
in an hour the box was full. Those who
will pass judgment upon Chretien are:
C Leonhardt, :2iW3 Golden Gate avenue;
Ciaus Schilling, 2210 Vallejo street;
George M Pond, 12 Front street; Thomas
KlricK. Examiner building; Adolph Bls
slnger 191S Jackson street; \\ . H. Henke,
ilOS Vallejo street; John Marshall, 27tW
Mariposa street; Richard Murphy, 274
Seventh street; Eugene J. Ensign, 23
Spear street; W. L. Turney, 620 Kearny
street- George £>. Baird, 405 California
street, and W." L. Cook, luo California
street. • '
J. J. Rauer was the first witness called
to the stand, but an objection made by
W. S. Barnes, wno represents the defen
dant, was sustained and Rauer stepped
do%vn. Robert Colthorp, the colored ser
vant, who admits having signed the
forged documents at Chretien's request,
was then called, but was also ordered to
step down that an objection made by
Mr. Barnes' to his testimony might be ar
gued. Barnes contended that the forgery
of the signature to the deed purporting
to convey, the realty of the Sullivan es
tati to Rauer, upon which Chretien is
being prosecuted, could not be proved un
less It could be proved that the entire
deed was forged. After long argument
Judge Dunne overruled the objection and
Colthorp returned to the stand.
Colthorp testified that he signed the
name- "Joseph Sullivan" to the deed In
question at Chretien's request and in his
office. Under similar conditions he signed
two receipts and a check. On, cross-exam
ination he denied that he was a State wit
ness or had turned State's evidence, and
denied that he was testifying under any
inducement, as Barnes contended. One
of the instruments, he said, was signed
In a saloon at the corner of Montgomery
and Pine streets. At the time Fred Han
sled, .who Is better known as "Young
Dutchy," was there, the witness said.
Lee D. Craig testified that Chretien
called at his office with two other men.
One was Introduced as John Sullivan, and
after he had acknowledged his signature
on the deed in question went away.
Craig said it was not the custom to seo
a signature written, for in his capacity
as a notary an acknowledgment before
him was sufficient under the law.
It Is Said That the Defense Will
. Rely on Technicalities to Save
the Accused From
Prison.
Facts of Conspiracy to Loot
Sullivan Estate Told
to the Jury.
PROSECUTION
OF CHRETIEN
It is believed that the defense will ¦ rely
on technical points to save their client
and will call but few witnesses. If tKIs
proves to be the case to-day will see the
end of the trial oft the first charge among
the many against John M. Chretien.
of the transcribed confession and the jury
will hear Chretien's confession, in another
form.
Estf>s S. Cowlr.gr. a well-known fruit
rancher from Wa!nut Grove, Sacramento
County, bad a narrow escape from death
yetU rday through inhaling too much car
i,.- -monoxide. He was taken to the Re
ceiving Hosptal from 3397 Sarramenlo
street in an unconscious condition, but
recovered In a few hours.
<"owir.jr had been stopping for the past
tv..i cr three weeks at the residence of
Mrs. E!air. who is governess for his chil
dren at Walnut Orovc. 'me house is in
. tree of Mrs. Mamie Phillips, Mrs.
ir's daughter, who is employed in the
t was Mrs. Phillips' son, Freddie, who
. traded by the smell of gas to Cow-
Ibx i room, and he at once notified the
< ¦ j':irrf-i!-street police station. Poiiceman
Aiken was pent with the patrol wagon.
< ' wing was found in bed and the go* was
: ring from a jet of the chandelier.
: "r.re were two empty bottles of port
a me on the bt-droom table. All the cir
¦ imstances pointed to an attempt at sui
• . '.-. as the boy told tho officer that Cow
r had fipected money from his wife
yesterday morrJnp to take him back East,
: •:: it did not omie.
Cow'.r.g- denied that he had attempted to
rcr:.m:t suicide. He said his bedroom
m dark and he had to light the gas, as
*¦<= wanted to look through some papers
in one of his valises. He had bought two
ttlea of port wine to take ¦with him on
I La trip Kast and he was tempted to
i T""n them. He drank a considerable quan-
Uty, ar.d remembered nothing more till
he came to his senses in the hospital. He
w.-is going East on some mining and oil
deals.
i v.wir.g is well known to business men
In *he city. He was for a number of
yean a partner in th<» firm of Fontana
<v Co.. disposing of his interest in the
1 uttfnesfi about seven years ago. He went
tt tbe Yukon to search for jjold and from
here to Cape Nome. He is a man about
i ; ¦ rs of are.
THE cornerstone of the Gibbs
building, the first of the brick
structures which are to replace the
'present frame buildings of St.
Luke's Hospital at Valencia and
Twenty-seventh streets, was laid yester
day afternoon by Bishop Nichols. Among
those present at the impressive ceremony
were: Rev. R. C. Foute of Grace Church;
Rev.Marsden Wilson, secretary of the
diocese; Dr. David Maclure, Rev. P. Rellly
of St. Paul's. Rev. Mr. Clampett of Trin
ity; Rev. Mr. Turner, chaplain of the hos
pital; Rev. ti. C Sanford, rector of St.
John's; Rev. Mr. Collier and Bishop More
land. ' '
The exercises opened with the singing
of "The Church's One Foundation" by the
choir of Grace Church.
Colonel J V. D. Middleton, M. D., of the
hospital building committee, was president
of the day and delivered an interesting
address A copper box containing a dally
paper and literature relative to the hos
pital history, as well as a copy of Colonel
Middleton's address, was placed beneath
the cornerstone, which was then lowered
into place, Bishop Nichols laying the mor
tar with a silver trowel.
"I wart to call attention to one thing,
said Bishop Nichols In the course of his
address. "There shouid be no what I may
The new structure Is named after the
Glbbs brothers, whose lives and fortunes
were devoted to the hospital and to whose
noble work Bishop Nichols in his address
paid a glowing tribute.
Curtis & Willcox, tlie architects, have
utilized the most advanced ideas of hos
pital construction. They have united
simplicity of arrangement with adapta
tion to the various needs of the hospital
and have avoided anything which might
even remotely promote Irritation or con
tamination of the inner atmosphere. The
new boiler and motor house, laundry-, etc.,
are being erected at the southwest cor
ner of the lot facing San Jose avenue,
and constructed in harmony with the pa
vilion.
call tandem Interest In the affairs of this
Institution. When the time givers are to
the fore the money givers fall behind;
when the women forge ahead the men
drop behind and vice versa. What we
want for the hospital's success, for the
realization of the prophecy of a new Si.
Luke's, is an abreast spirit. I^et us all go
away from here this afternoon with a
tlrm determination to pull together and
it will not be long before that picture
prophecy is realized."
The new building, when finished, will
stand two stories and a basement high.
It will be 135 feet long and forty-four
feet wide. It will be constructed of brick
with a slate roof.
Walnut Grove Fruit Rancher Has an
Unpleasant and Nearly Fatal
Experience With. Carbon
Monoxide.
Grape Juice Put? Estes Cow
ing to Sleep and He Nar
rowly Escapes Death.
WINE AND GAS
IN COMBINATION
Judge Eahrs Rranted a divorce yester
nay to Mrs. Linda H. Bryan from William
V. Brvan on tho ground of adultery. The
custody of the minor children were award
ed to Mrs. Bryan. Decrees of divorce were
also granted to J. Green from Debora
Green on the ground of habitual intem
perance. Frances E. Johnson from Charles
S. Johnson on the ground of failure to
provide, Anna P. Josselyn from Joel S.
Josselyn on the ground of desertion and
Paulino H. Wendt from Heinrich F. F.
Wendt on the ground of extreme cruelty.
Suits for divorce were filed yesterday by
Annie O'Neil against John O'Neil for
cruelty. Carrie A. Bishop against F. E.
Ri?hop for drpertion. Maggie Maud Mc-
Connell against Henry E. "McConnell for
cruelty. Edwin H. Hammond against
Charlotte Hammond for desertion and
Thomas Malcomson against Elizabeth
Malcomson for desertion. '
In addition to a decree of divorce Ren
nison asks for the custody of four minor
children.
June 10. 1900. defendant struck plaintiff and
caile-1 him vile names.
Augxirt C. 11*00. defendant chasrd plaintiff out
of the liou*-e with a knife.
Aug-jRt 2S. 1&00. defendant knocked plaintiff
down ar*d drovA him out of the house.
Feptember 15, 1S00, defendant struck and
kicked rlaintift.
December l.\ 1SSS, defendant chased plaintiff
with an ax.
July )«, ls39, defendant knocked plaintiff down
Arthur W. Rennison has filed a detailed
Inventory of his bruises, together with a
complaint in which he asks a decree of di
vorce from Elsie Rennison on the ground
of extreme cruelty. Rennison says he
married his wife in Vancouver, B.*C, in
November of 1S£!». and that since that time
he has regretted becoming a benedict. Spe
cific acts of cruelty on the part of Mrs.
Rennison and the dates of their com
mission are set forth as follows:
July J3. 1S9S. defendant struck plaintiff and
In addition to 'a decree of divorce Mrs.
Paton asks for a division of the commu
nity property snd alimony sufficient to
maintain her in accordance with her sta
tion in life.
According to the complaint, however,
Paton's most annoying eccentricity was
the practice of psycho-astronomy and
astrology. He believed, it is said, that the
affairs of life rre governed by the move
ments of the heavenly bodies 'and insisted
that he married his wife when his un
lucky star was in the ascendant. On
Christmas last his unlucky star
was again climbing Its way toward the
zenith, and, according to Mrs. Paton's
complaint, her husband obeying its in
fluence began to abuse her in the pres
ence of friends. He accused her of many
things, but. worst of all. of not being in
sympathy with his belief in astrology. He
ended. It is claimed, by driving away the
guests and prostrating Mrs. Paton.
Many eccentricities are charged to Pa
ton by his wife. In her complaint she
says she married him on March 10, 1SS4.
ICot long after their marriage. sh.e al
leges, her husband, not satisfied with his
own fortune, obtained control of her sepa
rate property, which brings a monthly In
come of $3T.. This he appropriated to his
own use. It is averred, and even denied
Mrs. Paton car fare. In two years Mrs.
Paton says she has been downtown but
twice, and thc?n she was forced to walk,
her husband refusing to give her a dime.
Every Saturday he would buy 50 cents'
worth of meat, and this. It Is claimed,
would be all be would allow purchased
until the following Saturday.
The unlucky star which John H. Paton,
capitalist, says bodes evell for him is
again In the ascendant, for yesterday
Mrs. Su«ana Paton filed suit against him
for divorce, alleging cruelty as cause of
action. Shortly after the filing of the suit
Mrs. Paton's counsel went before Judge
Seawell and obtained an order restraining
Paton from disposing of his property or
drawing money from the bank until after
the disposition of the action for divorce.
His Belief in Astrology Makes Her
Miserable — Unhappy Couples
Granted Freedom and Oth
ers File Suit.
His Wife Seeks a Decree
on the Ground of
Cruelty.
BAD LUCK STAR
OF SEER PATON
The candidates for Congress who were
present were called upon for speeches,
and e-^ch in turn assured the committee
that he was sure of election. J. H. Henry.
J. F. Farraher. R. Porter Ashe, Frank
Freeman and Jo D. Sproul made speeches.
The two last named have begun their
active campaign. Sproul told of a thou
sand-mile campaign trip he had just made
into Mono and Inyo counties and said he
was looking for the man who laid out
the district. J. H. Seawell and W. R.
Jacobs, candidates for elector, also made
short speeches.
Mayor Phelan called attention to the
light registration and urged the necessity
of getting Democrats to register. F. V.
Dewey. publisher of the Hanford Journal,
said that registration was much more
complete In the country districts than In
San Francisco. Ex-Governor Budd
thought the Democratic County Central
Committee ought to be urged to take the
matter in hand. Max Popper said the
committee had done all it could— much
more than committees in the Interior
counties could do. He thought there is
unnecessary alarm, anyway, and predicted
that registration would be as heavy as
usual.
Ex-Governor Budd said the only way to
secure the money necessary would be to
appoint a State organizer. Seth Mann
agreed that the division of responsibllity
among the three commltteemen at large
from each district is not conducive to
success. He suggested an organizer for
each district, and a motion authorizing
appointment of them by Chairman Sims
was carried.
M. F. Tarpey explained that the exec
utive committee had decided to ask the
committeemen at large from each Con
gressional district to call meetings of the
committeemen of the districts to devise
means of raising the $1000 assessed to each
district. On his motion the action of the
committee was ratified. It was stated
that in no district had any steps been
taken to raise the money as requested.
The motion was carried with an amend
ment that the candidates present be asked
to confer with the chairman personally
before leaving the city.
Kx-Governor iiudd moved that the
chairman write letters to the candidates
for Elector and for Congress asking them
how much they would be willing to con
tribute to the cause in time or money.
"Some of those candidates," Budd said,
"have more time and eloquence than
money, and some of them have more
money than time or eloquence. Let them
contribute as they are able."
Chairman Sims called the meeting 1 to
order and stated its objects, among them
being the consideration of the money
question, the question of registration and
the distribution of literature.
Of the candidates for Congress, J. F.
Farraher of the First District, Jo D.
Sproul of the Second, Frank Freeman of
the Third, R. Porter Ashe of the Fourth, J.
H. Henry of the Fifth and W. D. Crlch
ton of the Seventh were present. J. H.
Seawall, candidate at large for Elector,
and W. It. Jacobs and W. T. Baggett.
candidates for Elector from the Second
and Fourth districts, respectively, were
in attendance.
No one Indulged in any criticism of M.
F. Tarpey or others of the commltteemen
at large for what has been regarded
among the faithful as a disposition on
their part to toot their own horns. The
lamblike submission of the members of
the committee is probably due, as one of
them explained, to the fact that Tarpey
is closer to Uryan than any other man In
the State, and will have much to say
about th<? distribution of plums should
the free silver candidate be elected. Many
of the members of the committee are
looking for plums and they can't afford to
offend Tarpey.
The most important result reached was
the adoption of a motion instructing
Chairman Sims to appoint an organizer
for each Congressional district, whose
duty it shall be to call the State Commlt
teemen of the district together and adopt
means to raise the $1000 assessed to each
district.
The Democratic State Central Commit
tee held a meeting yesterday afternoon at
the California Hotel, the chief object of
which seemed to be to Impress upon the
minds of the commltteemen the necessity
of raising funds. There were In attend
ance twenty-nine members of the com
mittee, six of the candidates for Congrress,
three candidates for Elector and various
local celebrities of the party. For tha
most part the members of. the committee
present were from San Francisco and the
immediate vicinity.
Democratic State Central Committee
Meets and Makes a Plea for Ef
forts to Raise Campaign
Funds.
Alamedan's Influence With
•Bryau Makes Opposi
tion Unwise.
NO ONE FOUND
COURAGE TO SAY
NAY TO TARPEY
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 20, 1900. L
Handsome, Modern Brick Buildings to
;;, Replace St, Luke's Wooden
Structures.
BISHOP NICHOLS LAYS
HOSPITAL CORNERSTONE
DISTINGUISHED CLERGYMEN AND PRELATES OF THE CHURCH AT
THE LAYING OF THE CORNER-STONE OF THE FIRST BUILDING
OF THE NEW ST. LUKE'S HOSPITAL.
5
WONDERFUL MEXICAN
GIRL HEALER
BLINDNESS. LOCOMOTOR ATAXIA.
PARALYSIS AND CASES GIVEN
UP BY PHYSICIANS SUCCESS-
FULLY TREATED.
"WONDERFUL CURES BEING MADE
DAILY.
INFORMATION AND TESTIMONIALS
AT OFFICE.
"private treatments daily from
9 A. M. TO 5 P. M.
BALDWIN 7 ANNEX
930 MARKET STREET,
OPPOSITE EMPORIUM.
A constant drain of mucus from the
system is known as systemic catarrh.
Tfils may occur from any organ of the
body. Systemic catarrh is more common
In sprir.g and summer than in the winter.
A course of Poruna now will do much
more s">r>d than In the inclomfnt weather
of winter.
"Health and Beauty" sent free to women
only, by Dr. Hartman, Columbus, Ohio.
"/ hav3 taken several bottles of
Peruna and now I am entirely well.
Peruna has not only cured me of
catarrh, but also of female com-
plaints, of which I suffered a great
deal. I shall always keep Peruna,
and I do highly recommend it to
every one in the land,' especially io
young girls and women.
"I fepl that I owe a world of gratitude
to Dr. Hartman and Peruna.",
"I wish to tell you wl:at a great friend
I have found In Peruna. A year ago I
was taken with the dreadful disease ca-
tarrh. At the time I old not know what
it was. I tried everything that I could
think of or that any cne would tell me.
1 consulted two doctors, bin neither of
them did me any good, and I was con-
stantly growing worse all the time.
"I was in college at the time and after
coming home I found in our house a
Peruna almanac, and looking over It I
found questions that fitted my case. I
wrote Dr. Hartman at once. He wrote
me tjp-t I was suffering from catarrh and
told %ie what to do.
"I feel very thankful to my Maker and
your great medicine that I am cured. I
woul£ not be without Peruna' In the
house."
Miss Elizabeth L. Williams writes from
GoMad. Tex.:
Mrs. Greger, Bagby. Tex., says: Pe-
runa has done so much good for me that
I am able to do my own work."
H. A. Scott, Burt, Tenn., writes:
"At tlrr.es ay system became entirely
run down. I could not sleep -well and
lest ir.y appetite. Sir.ce I have used
Peruna I feel like a different woman ur.d
hardly kr.ow what It is to be sick. I
ecngxa.fj!ate you on the merits of your
•wonderful tnedlclne and wish you con-
tinued success."
"My irlends recommended Peruaa so
highly that I purchased a bottle to try
It ET.d have never been eorry.
Ar.r.a P. Nichols, Kansas City, Mo
Ar.r.a P. Nichols. Vice Grand Baxter
Rcbekah Lodge. In a i^ttcr from £W Main
fcyeet, Kar.sas City, Mo., says:
Peruna Cures Summer Catarrh
*Speciat Sale on Thursday. |
I Renaissance and Batten- i
I berg Squares. I
Jf tAnoth.r greit purchase of 'beautiful Battenberg and Re- jj
i naissance Squares and Tidies, 50 do.{en in ihis lot, %
$ all lace and linen cen ers, in ii£o sizes, lyxiy inches $
J* and 18x18 inches, reguhrly thev would cost you 85c, %
% $1.00 and $1.25 each, but cur fortunate b'tv enables 5
Jf us io sell them mis day on r at about the cost of lhe J
jf braid and rings usei in the miking. i J
& 15x15 inch size.. 1Sx18 inch size. . SSC *
% jj
$ Men's Overcoat Sale m Continued— Hundreds of fashion- '£
Jf able, finely made coats, part of our extraordinary purchase from •!{
Jf the New York manufacturer, still on sale at from dne-third to *S
»• one-half less than real values — It
g $15 to $23 Overcoats $11.65 %
K $25 to $35 Overcoat* $18.55 '{
X A Few Dictionaries Lcft—Tne genuine Funk & Wagnalte x
J£ Standard Dictionaries that retail regularly for $12.75; the best £
g Dictionary of the English language that is published; bound in »J
5 full sheet, now on sale at $5.40 jg
v „«
£ Sheet ft! u sic. Soap, 16c Box. £
j£ To-day oaly, 3 pieces of sheet musx Andrew _**>—^.^ *!
£ for lha price of one. At our regu ar Jer^ens* r^e^^b- :^~~ L J "jf
»? ha'f-price rates the^o 3 piece? retail Ro g " a i K'^^^f-*"^M!jL ' •*
* regularly for 75c-to-day (Thursday Toilet l^tr^ifZ^^^?^. "5
f^ you can obtain the three for 25c. Sap; I ¦// K^ "SafiT^T * y\3 f >V J€
fc* "Admission Day March and Two Step." mammoth "J »**
*> "Bridesmaid March and Two-Step." size cake «
X "On the Day That Dewey Comes 1(1 cako 55 """^ j»
K Home"— song. j-qaal to 2 ordinary siza cakes>—oatmeaT. "j
J Music Department— Second Floor. j honey or glycerine. The makers hire $
*•* ~ — idijcontiaued thi3 extra large size and 5*
\i HOUSe F > UM*nistiint13 ii ' iVS c!ose ? out b3lanc» of their stock at «S
| Specials for Thurstily. S
*» _^ i I 5^/* This 50c 25c boxe* (3 cakes in a box), spe- f_ «J
V >^ a^ftScJliJiJj'T ,x~ tum^ cial for Thursday oaly, AoJC.... «OC "J
g . ' J%0£m&// Tray and >c
K Pearl Buttons. *
*£ trass Pnra white Paarl Buttons, perfect in "<«
J£» nickel color and make; 1G, 18, 20, 22 and 2-1 if
S p'ates, prettily engraved; lire— pan dozon 5o '^
£ special to-day only «*«*O _ j^
tf MZ»e3 Vrooman-3 San- GHeckOii TOWSiitta. |
if erT-a mod'eTnCllE^ Good Iryh Linen Checked Towelintr-laat |
tf ki^ch'n necemtv ti \ «. I se.vedces, b na and red; on sale in .J
| tV/p sink cleaned V ; { f ¦***. department, main floor, per yard J
waste pipe from \«..I.»y' ' <?
ft? choking — on special •'¦¦'/ ' ~ \g
J. sale to-day, „ //fu\\\ 25c Pantographs, 16c. £
ft each M+MIS
| Art Ticking, 15c. [^ESSSii^ -'
£ We hav* secured about 500 yards of \ €^^^L^ ===^^^Sv \ "5
ti Simpson's best Art Ticking at a little \ ' \ Jf
£ more than half its regular wholesale \ ts^^^ ==11::::= 5^cl. \ •*
J> price — light and dark patterns, for -^Z^^^&. \ c 5
ti mattresses, bad covers, pillows and; . j»
J£ draperies. They wi 1 bear comparison A simple mechanical apparatus for en- jf
J with any 25c Art Ticking. Oar price forging pictures— an amusing, instrae- -*
jtf for this day en y— per yard.. tive implement which enable* any per- j*
»£ ; MOC son to do at on:e that which would
jK require a long coarse of induction *Jj
K Gas Lamp, 50c. witfc ? a , t * he . pj* * R wph : <» 1Rf% ;*
* - r * specnl sale to-day only, each. SOG x
2? Complete Incandescent Gas Limp — every- *s
h thing needed— burner, chimney, man- tf n:<i9? f+S-m**-*** # n ~ "5
i tie and ?hvle. for- 50c Bit GigarS, SUCm %
V Lamp Department-Main Floor. Thpse and other Dopnlar Lr^ni3 of &
£ M K~ — 4-»» MM «, -rn^ K9V West Cgira at lOc Gach: '*
g MlSStrm %*iOCK 9 YUC. El Palencia. Casteilanes, El Rosado,
tf Guaranteed 4-inci dial Alarm Clock! General Arthur, Sanchez &. Hiya, °«
J <rooi tim?k*eper......* 70c\ B,-!mont. etc. .J
f£ Clock Department — Rotunda. I Cigar Stand — Rotunda. "J
| FrTday W" ColdenRale Bazaar. 1 Winter 5
J> "AdSm" CALIFORNIA'S LAR€EST«A.n£RICAS GRANDEST STORE. CatalogUQ jj
THE EMPORIUM.
PALACE HOTEL
It Is universally acknowledged that thea*
hotels possess tint attributes that appeal
to particular people— undoubted luxury and
comfort, unsurpassed eulslne and servlca
and superior appointments and location.
Connected bv a covered passaKaway and
operated under on* management oa ta»
American and European plans.
GRAND HOTEL
Hitchcock School,
SAN RAFAEL. CAL..
FOR YOUNG MEN AND BOYS.
Eeparat* Kocma. Gymnasium. jJiii:a.ry J-riU.
Etc.
CHR1ST34A.«> TERM BKOINS ACGn3T MTH.
REV. C. HITCHCOCK. Principal.
TRINITY SCHOOL.t££
It is desired to correct an erroneous imprri-
slon that Trinity School has been diacont'.au -«i.
It will open as usual MONDAY. August •>.
Only beys cf good moral character are taicen.
G. S. ME-\D, ~;3 Central **».
THE EMPORIUM.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
fi v^L »
I Collarette shown above Iff
is of rich black electric //
! j seal with a beautiful as- 11
( :] trakan yoke — It is io \\
I inches deep and elegantly (I
, lined with heavy satin — [/
Small dealers charge \l
! S~ 50 for an inferior gar- f£
ment of this pattern — On ||
sale all this week at $4 50. tj
1 ANOTHER COLLAR- If
1 ETTE of black Electric Vk
Sea!, combined with bear fur — If
ia grand little garment io ll
inches deep. Special $6.51 11
IV e are the largest txclusize "If
fur hcu etnthi 'xorld. Every \l
J gamattbesn cur signatur;. ft
f ! & Company I j
2' Ibsl J
Best |H f\
Granulated jj9 1 J
Sugar 8
CO WEN'S FAMOUS
cmrBiNATioN 2 days ONLY
FRIDAY. Sept. 21 Comht-
SATURDAY. Sept 23. Regular nati/n
Price. Price.
2 rbs Best Granulated Suyar.lSc 1«?
1 It) very best Rice 10c lc
1 large bar laundry Soap... 5c lc
5-Tb sack best TaWe Salt. ...10c le
l-tb package best Cornstarch.lfVs le
1 box best Ball Bluing 5c te
1 lb best Moca & Java Coffee40o STtc
$5 best XXX Soda Crackers.. 2f»c 9c
'•j n> best Fiaklnjr Powder... 2"c 15o
1 bottle best Vanilla Eitract.loc !>*•
H n* Tea (any kind) 50c STu
J2C3 OOc
Remember— bring this advertisement
and get
O>«»Ut> BEST GOODS for 99C
FRIDAY and SATURDAY ONLY.
COWEN PRICE-FIGHTER
OlO JTABKXT Goods delivered free to
Olu ST. 8. T. Oakland. Alameda andTHE CRAVEN SPECTACLE
IN SUPERIOR COURT
No candidate was ever more fortunate
than Mr. McKinley in respect to the sub
ject matter of his letter of acceptance,
and none was ever more successful In Its
treatment. The chief theme of his dis
course" was actually thrust upon him by
his opponents, who declared that it was
the paramount issue of the campaign. He
took them at their word and has put their
issue before the people in a way to make
them sick to death of the very name of
imperialism and sorry they ever made it
a paramount Issue. The President's let
ter is convincing, and that Is the highest
praise, for his whole purpose in writing
it was to convince. * The vexation it has
caused among those who are his enemies
without being friends of Bryan and the
pitiful straits they are put to in attempt
ing the hopeless task of refutation are a
testimony to the effectiveness of the let
ter as the chief document of the cam
paign.
President McKinley's letter of accept
ance, undoubtedly the most remarkable
and potent In influence of all the letters
written by Presidential candidates since
the custom of a formal acceptance came
into vogue, marks' the turning point in
the campaign. From now until the day
of the election McKinley and Roosevelt
will gain votes surely and rapidly, just
as McKinley and Hobart gained dally
after the August fright of 1S96 had passed.
After this wo think very few gold Demo
crats will venture to declare themselves
for Bryan becaufe they cannot condone
the imperlialism of McKinley.
New York Times (Dem.)
THE TURNING POINT
IN THE CAMPAIGN
court by force. If the San Francisco
Judge had caused to be brought before
him some of the perjurers and jury-fixers,
whose moral sense is paralyzed, warped,
nnd twisted, the public would have ap
plauded. There are a lot of rascals who
hang around the San Francisco courts
that hesitate not «.t perjury or bribery to
accomplish their ends. They are especial
ly gufliy with Mrs. Craven, if she is
Kullty^and were it not for their proffered
services she might not have appeared In
her present plight. ,
A CHANCE TO SMILE.
IT WAS BOUND TO COME.
"Fine patriotic fellow that Watklns!
"When he heard of the Chinese war he cut
off the heads of all his prize chickens."
"What had they to do with it?"
"They were Shanghais." — Chicago
Times-Herald.
COULDN'T BELTOVE IT.
"You can't believe all that you see In
print," said the skeptical citizen.
"I should say not," answered Mr. Meek
ton. "Some tilings aro too preposterous
ly absurd! Why, only the other day I
saw a piece about a man who made fun of
his wire's cooking."— Washington Star.
IN CIPHER.
Messenger (to British General In China)
—General, we have Just captured a bearer
of dispatches, but we can't make out the
dispatches.
British General— Are they in cipher?
Messenger— Cipher? No. They're In
Chinese.
HOW IT HAPPENED.
First Citizen— I haf attended der bolltl
cal meetings of bof parties for der past
ten years.
Second Citizen — Ah! You like to hear
both sides?
First Citizen— Nein! I pelong to a prass
pand!— Puck. »
WOULDN'T NEED IT.
Mr. Gump' (to teacher)— No, I don't
want you to teach my son any grammar.
Not a bit of it.
Teacher — But — but — this is unusual, air.
May I inquire your reasons?
Air. Gump— I intend that he shall be a
writer of popular songs.— Baltimore
American.
TOO MANY IN THE FAMILY.
"Why didn't Daubem stay at the farm
house where he expected to spend his va
cation?"
"He couldn't afford it."
"But he got his board for painting por
traits of the family, and there were only
two people."
"But they had nine dogs."
Dr. Fernando E. Guachelle, daughter
and son and Albert Gutierrez and A. D.
Romeo are registered at the California.'
The party arrived yesterday on the
steamer Herodet. Dr. Guachelle Is the
recently appointed Bolivian Minister to
the United States. , He left Bolivia three
months ago, spending two months in Lima
and Peru. This *s Minister Guachelle's
first visit to the United States. He says
the commercial Interests in Bolivia were
never better and the country Is just now
passing through a period of great pros
perity. From here the Minister and his
party will go direct to Washington.
Judge S. C. Denson. H. G. W. Dinkel
spiel and Judge M. Cooney, trustees of
the San Francisco State Normal School,
accompanied by Dr. Frederic Burk, pres
ident of the school, as delegates from the
board of trustees of the San Francisco
State Normal School, have gone to San
Jose to attend the joint convention of
Normal School Trustees, which meets
there to-day; , . •
V. B. Archer, a prominent attorney at
Parkersburg, W. Va., and a former news
paper publisher, is enjoying a "Western
pleasure trip with his wife. "While in San
Francisco they are making their head
quarters at the Palace.
Dr. B. R. Ward, a new surgeon at the
navy yard, arrived yesterday from New
Haven, Conn., and is stopping with his
wife for the present at the Occidental."
E. G. Roache, a progressive young mer
chant from New York City, is here on a
pleasure trip, accompanied by his wife.
They are stopping at the Palace.
Captain J. F. Birlem has been appointed
agent of the Santa Fe Company at the
Union Ferry Depot, vice J. B. Duffy, ap
pointed city passenger agent of the com
pany.
C. C. Premer of Louisville, Ky., and
Charles Kohlman of New York, both mer
chants, are registered at the Grand.
Captain and Mrs. A. A. Cabanlss of
Fort Wright, Wash., have taken apart
ments at the Occidental. - ( , '
Mrs. Dunsmulr and maid. Mrs. Snowden
and Miss Harvey, all of British Columbia,
are stopping at the Palace.
E. H. Ashley and wife are at the Pal
ace. Mr. Ashley Is a prominent Boston
merchant.
Douglass S. Cone, a Red Bluff banker,
in in the city, with headquarters at the
Palace.
Fred W. Swanton, who owns a large
cattle ranch near Santa Cruz, is at the
Palace,
J. H. Rathbone, who owns a large sugar
ranch at Oxnard, Cal.? is at the Occiden
tal.
H. W. Blackstone, a large dry goods
man of Los Angeles, is at the California.
A. Albreck, a prominent Fresno insur
ance and oil man, is stopping at the Lick.
3. H. Hibbard, rancher at San Jose, Is
at the Grand.
E. W. Hale and wife of Sacramento are
at the Occidental.
W. L. McKinley of Sonora. a mining
man, .is at the Lick.
Senator J. H. Seawell of Ukiah is regis
tered at the Grand.
J. M. Rarham. an oil man of Antioch. Is
registered at the Grand.
Charles E. Gilson. a Clnclnna i mer
chant, is at the Palace.
A. W. Foshay, merchant at Albany, Or.,
is stopping at the Grand. • ,
W. A. Moray, of the Chicago Board of
Trade, is at the Palace.
Dr.,W. M. Van Patten and wife, from
Walla "Walla, are guests at the Grand.
PERSONAL MENTION.
A LITTLE HOCUS-POCUS BY MR/CARL SCHURZ.
—From Harper's "Weekly.
CHARLESTON NEWS AND COURIER:
"How," we are asked, "can the full dinner
pall mean food only?" Because it usually
means nothing- else. And we can but hold
to the view that it is the work of the
agriculturists of the country, not the
policies of its administration or of any
political party, that makes food plentiful
and cheap whenever It la so.
PHILADELPHIA LEDGER: The min
ers now have the sympathy of. the public,
and the value of retaining: that powerful
support must be apparent to the leaders
of the strikers, who in their forcible state
ment of grievances, their appeals to the
public, their conservative attitude and the
moderate, reasonable tone assumed in
their meetings and utterances have given
evidences of cool, sensible and shrewd
leadership.
RICHMOND TIMES: The stand that
we have taken is that the Chinese empire
shall be preserved in Its integrity. our only
condition being that w» shall have the
same privileges that other nations have
of trading 1 with the Chinese. That Is th<»
only tenable position that a Christian
nation can occupy, and if the United
States Government will only stand by
that principle and be ready at all hazards
to maintain it the Chinese problem will
be solved without doing injury to the
Chinese nation.
NEW TORK EVENING POST: Ameri
cans protest as one man that faith shall
be kept with Cuba. They feel insulted
If anybody suggests a' doubt whether they
really mean to grant the Cubans inde
pendence, as solemnly promised.
NEW YORK MAIL AND EXPRESS:
The kind of Democratic harmony that
Colonel "Watterson is passing around this
year appears to have been made in a
boiler-shop.
NEW YORK EVENING SUN: Polir
rally the Boers have perhaps not given tr
hope altogether. President I^ruger. it la
said, will go to Europe to use his abilltie
as a diplomat in behalf of intervention.
Where former Secretary Leyds failed it
is hardly likely that Mr. Krueer will suc
ceed, particularly as British arms havo
triumphed and European interest and
anxiety are focused on China.
SPOKANE CHRONICLE: The Demo
crats don't like Theodore Roosevelt's war
record. Of course this was to be expect
ed. They didn't Ilk" Grant's war recor';
thev didn't like OarfirM's; they don't l!k*
Meklnley's. In fart, AcuinaMn b one rf
the few gentlemen who.-e war record they
really approved.
CHICAGO JOURNAL: Never to have
fallen down is not so high a quality. a? th*
ability to get up when one la down. Gal
veston will get up. and it is cratifyinn to
note how generally the people are extend
ing their aid.
CINCINNATI COMMERCIAL TFilE
tTNE: Every utterance of Mr. Bryan
since his nomination proves his consplc
hous unfitness for tho national chief mag
istracy. ' A man «ho cannot a-rpnd a
platform* without contradicting hi* own
record, belying his. past, befooling his own
party followers and slandering; American
statesmen and soldiers is not a statesman
but a demaRosue. and a demagogue of
the low order, to be classed among freak.?.
CHARLESTON OF.SETIVER (D,): If old
man Cleveland is all that they have sai<!
he was. why are Mr. Bryan's supporter-:
breathlessly hopins that he ¦will anrtouncn
himself for the N'ebraskan? If he was a
traitor to his party one time, how can h*
be trusted inside the breastworks now*
There is no evidence- that he has refnrme 1
except that he is expected to vote for th-->
Democratic nominee.
BROOKLYN EAGLE (IX): Were the
State question not complicated with the
Presidential question matters wmild b»
different and duties would be different.
But the present duty of the .best citizen
ship, in the Eaple's opinion, is the defear
of Bryanism beyond remedy and beyond
resurrection, and the discouragement of
any aids, try which Bryanism can be
elected or strengthened.
Views -of the 'Press
on Topics of the
Times.
UP-TO-DATE
EDITORIAL
UTTERANCE
The investigation into the destruction of the May
Fiint may hold out some consolation to the -owners
v.ho saw a fortune sink into the waters of the bay.
A summary of the inquiry seems to be that if the Iowa
had been somewhere else than where she was the May
Flint would have been safe.
Republicans will take notice they cannot reasonably
expect 'a walkover if they sit down and do nothing.
Since the School Board has been so rigorous in its
classification of children it would be wise for the board
to carry its policy to a logical conclusion, and place it
self in a niche prepared for it in public condemnation.
The aged couple of Oakland who are starving them
selves to death in order that they may not spend their
money, of which they have much, possibly forget that
they are playing into the hands of that inevitable con
spiracy — death and loving relatives.
A Folsom convict, who will shortly be hanged, has
•awakened to a rude realization of the fact that there
are some fictions of the law with which it is dangerous
to take liberties. He thought he had a perfect right
to kill a man who was legally dead.
Estheticism appears to be going to waste in Sausa
lito. Some public-spirited person ought to harness
the artistic sensibilities of the town and divert them
into an endeavor more profitable than the clamor to
save Arch rock from destruction^
Public indignation is taking the form of a threat
ened impeachment of the local Board of Education.
Angry citizens seem to be overlooking the fact that
the board has very thoroughly performed the job it
self^V.
The Chinese war has been carried into the Univer
sity of Cali/ornia. Students of Chinese insist that they
have a right to study Cantonese rather than Mandarin.
The difficulty appears to be largely a choice of evils.
Every time one of Bryan's 1896 predictions is
thrown in his face it hits him like a brickbat.
Wake up, Republicans. There is no time to lose.
Get your name on the great register and then see that
your friends register. Remember that the prosperity
of the country and the people willdepend for the next
.four years on the way the election goes in November.
The issues of the campaign are vital to the prosper
ity of the country. Bryan, who for' some time past
has been dodging the money question, has now come,
out and declared on:e more his adhesion to the free
coinage of silver. The financial integrity of the coun
try is. menaced as portentously as it was in 1896. The
uprising of the business and industrial elements of
the people, which was so characteristic a feature of
that campaign, should be repeated this year.
The warning that has come from Maine and Ver
mont should not be lost upon Republicans of San
Francisco. It is true that in each of those States a
sweeping victory was won for McKinley and pros
perity, but the vote of the Republicans fell below that
of 1896 by a considerable percentage in each State,
while the vote of the Democrats increased. It is clear
that in those States, at any rate, the Democrats
brought out the full vote of their party, while the-Re
publicans failed to do so. The results of the indiffer
ence among so many Republicans in Maine and Ver-
were not disastrous to the party solely because
in those States the Republican majority is so large it
can admit of a considerable loss without bringing the
party to defeat. Such, however, is not the case in
California. If we are to carry this State for McKinley
we must have alertness and vigor among the Repub
licans of every section of the commonwealth.
SWIFTLY approaches the day when registration
will close, and it is said there are still thousands
of citizens who have not yet registered and
made sure their right to vote. Of the neglectful
ones it is safe to say the great majority are of the
class known as "good citizens." The gangs that the
bosses control have all been registered before this, for
the bosses take no chances. Thus we have the para
dox that the very men upon whom the nation relies
for good government are about the only ones who
show indifference to governmental affairs.
WflKE UP, REPUBLICANS!
Whatever may be the personal merits of Mr. Loud's
opponent in this contest, the voters of the Fifth Dis
trict will recognize the fact that to elect him would
mean to deprive themselves of an able, experienced
and powerful representative at Washington for the
sake of a new man without experience, acquaintance
or prestige in the House. At the present time the
Fifth District is represented by one of the foremost
men^'n Congress, and it is not likely the voters will
be foolish enough to abandon him to follow an un
known man. however excellent as a private citizen.
It is further to be borne in mind that the chairman
ship of the Committee on Postoffices and Postroads is
one of particular importance to California, because
the scattered condition of our population in the moun
tains remote from railways renders it difficult for the
people of many districts of the State to obtain a regu
lar mail sen-ice. It is therefore a matter of good for
tune to California that the chairmanship of the com
mittee having charge of such matters is in the hands
of a Californian, who looks carefully after the inter
ests not only of his own district but of the whole
State.
Each successive session of his sen-ice in Congress
has been marked by some notably good work done by
Mr. Loud for his district and the State, in addition to
the high service rendered to the nation by his vig
orous support of protection, sound mpney and all the
great policies of the Republican party. The massive
Federal building now in process of construction in
this city, the extensive system of rural mail -deliv
ery in many parts of the State, and the appropriations
for clearing San Francisco harbor of Arch rock and
other dangerous obstacles in the way of shipping, may
be cited as instances of the work that marks his career
and attests the value of his sen-ice to all the interests
The position Mr. Loud now holds in Congress is
one of which even' voter in his district might bs
proud, for it should be a matter of no little gratifica
tion to a California constituency that its represent.i
tive\n the House holds the chairmanship of so im
portant a committee as that on Postoffices and Post
roads, and that he is among the few men who were
spoken of as probable candidates for the succession to
the Speakership when it became known that Reed was
to retire from politic?.
There are many reasons why independent voters
should support Mr. Loud. It is desirable from every
point of view that the next House of Representatives
be Republican; that in beginning his second term of
office President McKinley have a Congress in har
mony with his administration; that California be
represented at the national capital by a delegation
solid for sound mon?y and protection; that among its
representatives the State have men who have had long
experience in Congress and have acquired a potent in
f.uence among their fellow Congressmen; and, finally,
that the Fifth District retain in office a man who has
so faithfully guarded every interest of the district and
the State, Mid at the same time attained front rank
among the younger Republican leaders of the House.
rHE CONTEST IN TI-jE FIFTH-
WJilLL the Democrats in tne rmn v^ongres
bional District have nominated a strong candi
date, one who will doubtless hold the full free
?ilvcr, free trade -Bryanite vote, it is not at all likely
ie will be able to draw from the support of Congress
man Loud any of the independent voters who in the
past have heiped the Republicans of the district to rc
tcin him in office. The service of Mr. Loud, which
has been notably useful in the past, was never more
r.ecded at Washington than it will be during the next
two years, and, thanks to his experience in Congress
and to the high position he holds there, Mr. Loud
will be able to render service with a creater effi-
THURSDAY SEPTEMBER 20, 1900
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
MANAGER'S OFFICE
I'IHLICATIO.\ OFFICB..!Hnrket nn* Third. ». K.
Telephone J're.n SU1.
EDITORIAL BOOMS.... 217 <o 221 Stevenson §t.
Telephone Vr*mn ZO2.
DelWeretf f»r Carrier*. 1C Cent* P*f Weelr.
Single Coplea. S Cents.
Tern* by Mall. lurln«llnsr Vomtatz^t
DArLT CALL. <inclua!rx Sunday), one year f«.M
DAILT CALL <lncludinc Sunday). S months l.M
DAILT CALL (including Sunday). 1 months l.M
DAILY CALL— By Single Month «5o
SUNDAY CALL One Year LM
WEEKLY CALL On* Year LOO
A-U poitmaitrri m r»* nathnrlrrd to rrcf Ire
¦¦birrlptlona.
Eampl* ccc'.e* *i;i be forwarded when requested.
OAKJLAMJ OFFICE 1118 Uroadirny
GEORGE C KROGNESS,
Manager Foteign Advertising, Marquette Building. Chicago.
<Lcn k Distance Telephone "Central 2C19.")
Mall rcb»rri b*»T» In ordering chanjre of addreps ehovld b+
particular to five both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS in order
to lnaur» a prompt and ccrrrct compliance with their request.
KE« TORK COIUtESPONDENT:
C C. CARLTON Heraid Square
KEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE?
STEPHEN B. SMITH 30 Tribune Building
NEW TOKK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf-Astoria Hotel; A, Breateno. n Cnlon Square;
Murray H1U Hotel.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Efcerean House; P. O. News Co.; Great Northern Hot*!;
rrement House; Auditorium Hotel.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFlCt MC5 G St.. N. W.
MORTON b. CRANE, Correspondent.
URAATP OFFICKS- S2T Montgomery, o-rrw of Clay. op»n
cntl! « 30 o'clock. S00 Hayes, open until »:30 o'clock. 633
MeAniHer. open until 5:33 o'clock. CU Larkln. cp«n until
139 o'clock. 1"4! Mission, open until 10 o'clock. KEl Market,
corner fliteentb, open until 9 o'clock. 1096 Valencia, cpen
until 9 o'clock. IC6 Eleventh, e-nen until S o'clock. NW cor
ner TwfMy-s»rond and Kentucky, open until 9 o'clock.
COMMENTING, upon Bryan's letter of accept
l ance the Examiner said yesterday: "In his con-
demnation of the banknote and perpetual bond
features of the Republican financial policy Mr. Bryan
is in harmony with public opinion, but it is a pity that
he has felt compelled to drag into renewed promi
nence the dead issue of the free coinage of silver.
Much can happen — much has happened — in four* years.
What was possible in 1896 is impossible now. There
i? no longer any effective demand for free silver. The
Republicans. do not* want, it; : the Democrats do not
want it; even the' Populists do not want it."
That is a strong presentation of the argument now
being made with volubility and persistence through
out the East. -Men like Cockran and Schurz have
united with Hill and Belmont to assure the sound
money voters of the country there is no longer any
menace to the .currency, that free silver coinage is
a dead issue, and that the advocates of the gold stan
dard can with consistency vote for Bryan. Naturally
these orators and their organs feel annoyed when the
much-talking Bryan bolts from the path they have
marked out for him and takes to the free fields of
agitation with all the exuberance of utterance that he
enjoyed so much in 1896. They would be glad to
silence him, but, being unable to do that, they take
the course which appears in their eyes to be next best
and proceed to discredit him by declaring his words
idle and his policy futile.
In the controversy between Bryan and that plass of
his critical" supporters of which the. Examiner is a
type the public, has an interest. It is something more
than the ordinary faction fight perennial in the Demo
cratic camp. It involves an important issue that
gravely concerns the welfare of the republic. We can
afford to take no risks of a revival of the silver craze,
and if that issue be dead it will be well to have the fact
known and recognized.
In considering the point at issue between Mr.
Bryan and his Democratic critics the people will not
fail to .note that Bryan is a candidate for the Presi
dency and speaks with the authority and the responsi
bility of ihat leadership, while his critics have no re
sponsibility in the campaign and will have no official
power should Bryan be elected. Under such circum
stances Bryan's word is worth more than that of all
his opponents put together. If he declare free coin
age to be a live issue, and that if elected to the Presi
dency he will use all the powers of that mighty office
to remonetize silver, it will be vain for any one else
to say the issue is dead.
It happens that Bryan represents in this contest not
only the Democratic party, but the free silver forces
of all parties. The free silver Populists and the free
silver Republicans have nominated him jointly with
the Democrats. If free silver be not an issue, then
the nominations given him by the Populists and the
silver Republicans have been obtained under false pre
tenses and Bryan is the greatest hypocrite that ever
played the game of politics.
Furthermore, it is to be borne in mind that free sil
ver is the only important point in the three platforms
on which any considerable number of Bryanites are
,agreed. The Southern and dominant wing of the
party is well nigh unanimously in favor of imperialism
and expansion. While Eastern orators and organs arc
busily engaged in an effort to convince the voters of
that section that Bryan if elected could not and would
not pay the obligations of the Government in silver,
those in the South are equally vehement in assuring
Southern voters that he will not surrender the Philip
pines.
Taking all things into consideration the intelligent
voter will conclude that free silver is the chief issue of
the time, as it was four years ago, and as it will be so
long as it menaces the country. If any one hold a
contrary opinion he must believe Bryan to be a hypo
crite, whose pledges ?nd promises on any subject are
not to be, trusted.
THE FREE SILVER ISSUE.
It is too early to predict the political effect of the
strike. It will be likely to appear more among the
consumers than among the producers. Vast trans
portation and manufacturing interests depend on hard
coal. If the shortage in supply is prolonged, and the
encouragement given by Bryan and the politicians of
his party shall seem to be stretching out the strike
beyond its natural limitations by holding out false
lights and impossible hopes to the strikers, the politi
cal results may not please the agitators.
They tell us with a tiresome repetition that the
present generation of employers are heartless .ty
rants, who take delight in oppressing labor for the
sake of being oppressors, as well as for the profit they
get out of it. The only way to reform such a condi
tion is by example. Let Mr. Hearst put a few mil
lions of his profits out of the copper trust in a coal
mine, or a railroad, or a factory, and run it on the
principles which he advocates for others. Or let
Colonel Bryan quit running around telling farmers
that wheat is not high enough and laborers that bread
i> too high and take the fortune he has made running
for the Presidency and invest it in some building trade
fn Chicago or a coal mine in Iowa and come face to
face with labor unions as an employer. After such an
experience he might not talk as prettily, but he would
know more. The common sense of the country, and
that includes labor and its employer, is getting just
a little bit tired of having Hearst and Bryan con
tinually denounce as enemies of the country all men
who are employing labor and paying wages.
They never earned nor paid wages, but they hope
to get intp power by abusing those who do.
If Mr. Hearst is so sleepless and uneasy about the
wage-earner and Bryan is so shocked at the conduct
of men who have vitalized the country's industries and
pay the wages of its labor, why don't they go into
some wage-paying industry?
They do this under pretense of championing the
down-trodden -miner, while Hearst cares no more for
a coal miner than he does for the horse that hauls his
circulation to the crematory.
The Bryan politicians and the Hearst newspapers
have pitched into the midst of. the strike in search of
votes. They are doing their worst to change its
peaceful aspect, to rouse the passions of the men, to
incite them to violence and lawlessness and to bring
on a repetition of the horrible features of the strikes of
1892 and 1894.
T1ie affair began peacefully and placidly. In many
parts of the district 'he men had made no complaint
against the employers and said they had none. But
complaints were made for them by the executive
board, and no one can dispute the validity of many
of them. As for methods of screening ana loading the
public cannot pass judgment, not being wise in
mining. But if there is an overcharge for powder
and at the company store for the necessaries of life, of
that the public can judge, and its judgment will be
condemnatory- Mine-owners have no right to charge
powder higher than the wholesale rate in the open
market, with cost of carriage and storage added. No
excuse can be. made for the practice and it should be
stopped. Xof have they any right to overcharge for
the necessaries of life at the company store. The proof
of this does not appear to be very plain. But if the
practice exist it should be stopped. At such store
there is no risk of bad bills. The company has the
wages of the miners in its possession and deducts
therefrom the store account. That should be sufficient
guaranty against loss and should be a sufficient ad
vantage without adding a fictitious profit to the prices
charged.
There is some excuse for the company store, in
spite of the prejudice against it. As a rule a merchant
independent of the mine-owner does not care to keep
store at the mines 'unless he can collect his bjlls
through the company by an arrangement which makes
them a lien on the wages of the miners. Under this
system the friction is greater than that caused by the
company store. The disputing of bills and items be
comes common and disorder follows.
The supply of anthracite never gains much on the
demand. In a brief t ; me the supply will run short,
and the holders will of course put up the price. The
strikers deliberately put that advantage in their hands
and they will use it.
There is no use to discuss the difference that would
appear in the financial condition of the men if the
assessments taken out of them for the union treasury
had been instead deposited" in' the savings bank to
draw interest for the men who earned the money in
stead of being paid for dead horse. What is done is
done, and the men cannot recall it nor change the con
ditions it has created.
The mine-owners maintain an equally calm attitude
and declare that they will make no attempt to fill the
places of the strikers nor to discriminate against them
ir. employment when the issue is settled. The miners
hare notified the Sheriffs of the counties in the dis
trict affected that they will guard the property of the
mine-owners and protect it from any damage. This
is one of the reassuring features in the affair, and it is
reinforced by others. It is given out that the Miners'
Union has a very large sum of money on hand; the
product of assessment of the members for some time
past, upon which to sustain the strike. When the men
were called out many were reluctant to obey, and the
cheerful anr.ouncemeMt is made that a great many of
the men own their homes, which is another. insurance
against disorder.
Bryan and the politicians behind him have shown
some signs of suspicious inside information in the
matter that leads to the belief that, whatever may be
the motive and intention of President Mitchell, the
strike is regarded by Bryan as worth attending to as
a vote-getter. The statement of grievances issued by
President Mitchell was remarkably temperate in tone,
and cites the company store, the price of powder, the
docking for screening and the method of loading the
tramcars as the matters of complaint. The rate of
wages is only indirectly in issue, because of the re
ductions from the causes cited.
O FTER a month of preparation and indecision
/A President Mitchell ordered a strike throughout
the anthracite coal region of Pennsylvania. ¦*
THE STRIKE IN POLITICS.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY,- SEPTEMBER 20, 1900-
Grass Valley Union.
Guilty or«not guilty, It was a sad spec
taclo to see the half-paralyzed and men
tally wrecked Mrs. Craven brought Into
6
Every fall reaps Its harvest of OeatZu cansM
by failure to regain etren&th and health after
a try In? summer. DR. EIEGERTS Ar.gnstara
Bitters enrich the blood.
A "Worcester man has Just taken out a
patent for a music typewriter. It will do
for music what an ordinary typewriter
does for manuscript.
Special Information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by tho
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont-
gomery st. Telephone Main 1042. •
CaL glace fruit 60c per R> at Towssend'r*
AMUSEMENTS.
A!<-»iar— "Th* V?\Govr'm liUEb&nd."
Tiveli— "Trovatore."
Columbia— "Th» BpIIs" and "Napoleon'! Guard."
Alhmr.bra — "Sh!x> Ahoy."
California. — Grand Opera. San.lay n!g:ht, September 23.
Or^heurti— Vaudeville.
Grand Opera-house— "Quo Vadii."
Olympla, corner A. and ESddy streets— Speclaltiea.
Chines. Zoo and Theater — Vaudeville every afternoon ajiJ
erect ris.
Fisrh^r'F — Vaudeville.
Rinplinp Bros.' Circus PUtepr.th and Frl^m Ftreets.
Fhermsn-Clay Hail— Song Iteeital, to-night.
t'utro Baths — Open nights.
Tanforan Park. — The Oreat Kair, September ?4 to October 6.
V.Hces, Oakland Track— Saturday. September 22.
I Sunday (Ml
Are Our Bathing 1
Girls Immodest? I
.A social problem of to-day, by Grace \
Fern, one of the most versatile of If
Eastern writers, who has been it< E
Vf ; cured to write exclusively for the ff
Sunday Call. w
How the American Fanner Is Fooled I
Ont of Millions. |
The Empress of China in Her Official 1
Robes. N I
: The Largest Gnn in the World. |
Women Yersns Agnosticism. 1
Poverty the Cause of the Chinese I
War. I 1
Odd Corners In the Home. |
Adventures With the Moonshiners, jj
THE SUNDAY CALL N
LEADS THEM ALL 9THURSDAY. SEPTEMBER 20.
SCHOOL BOARD
PREFERS NOT TO
FACE AN ISSUE
Webster's Resolution on Pri
ority of Service Is
Evaded.
Resolved, That teachers on the sub
stitute list be assigned to classes and
teachers on the unassigned list be
placed on the substitute list in the
chronological order of their appoint
ment to the department; provided,
that the date of appointment to day
service of teachers who have been
transferred from evening to day
schools be determined by regarding
their experience as evening school
teachers as equivalent to one-half of
similar experience acquired in day
schools.— Resolution presented by Super
intendent Webster and taken under ad
visement by the Board of Education.
Superintendent Webster made an at
tempt yesterday to have the Board of
Education make an official declaration of
its Intention to adhere to tho priority of
sen-ice planin the promotion of teachers.
He introduced the foregoing resolution at
the board's meeting, but no action was
taken ajid the usual "taken under ad
visement" was uttered by Chairman
Mark. This course usually means months
of inaction, but Director Kincald, who
was the only one to express any interest
in a proposition which affords the only
just way of assigning teachers, moved
that it be taken under advisement for
one week, which was ordered. ." v>;
"When a resolution was adopted assign
ing Miss M. A. Rollins and Miss A. A.
Duffy,- respectively, to the new classes in
the Bernai Heights and Pet 1 body schcois,
Webster said:
"1 do not know the status of these two
teachers and would like to be Informed on
the subject," .
"They are high up on the list," replied
Mark, "practically third and fourth.
Inquiry Bliowed that four teachers pre
cede the two named in the order of
original appointment. They are Miss M.
A. Harrigan and Mrs. J. D. Cooper, Mrs.
C. C. Newhall and Miss A. E. Little. This
evident violation of the priority of service
system is explained by Mark by the state
ment that the assignments were made on
the request of principals.
D. Lambert of the Lincoln Evening
School was granted a year's leave 01
absence and R. L. Mann of the even
ing eligible list was assigned to the class
during his absence.
Superintendent . 'Webster informed the
board that Principal Simmons of the Hor
ace Mann School had requested permis
sion to receive voluntary contributions
from his pupils for the Qalveston relief
funds. Mr. Webster said that the ur
gency of the case needed no comment and
he moved that the board's rule be . sus
pended and the request of Mr. Simmons
be granted. Director Kincald moved an
amendment that the » principals of all
schools be authorized to receive such
contributions. The amendment was car
ried, Denman alone voting against It.
Superintendent Webster stated that he
had received a number of requests from
principals for indigent books and hts own
resolution empowering him to distribute
not to exceed $200 worth of the books, in
addition to the $3000 already appropriated,
was adopted. Casserly thought that the
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent. .
NOTE.— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street -wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
tho height of tide is the same at both places.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
OCEAN STEAMERS,
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived Sppt 19— Stmr New
England. >f rora Boston, for Liverpool: stmr Teu
tcnic. rrom New York, for Liverpool.
ANTWERP— Arrived Sept la— Stmr Neder
land. from Philadelphia,
NEW YORK— Arrived Sept 13— Stmr Noord
land. from Antwerp; stmr Majestic, from Liv
erpool and Queenstown; stmr Princess Irene,
from Bremen.
Sailed Sent 19— Stmr New York, for Souths
amjiton: «tmr Germanic, for Liverpool; atmr
Kenslneton. for Antwerp.
SOUTHAMPTON — Arrived Sept 19 — Stmr
I-iAhn, via Cherbourg, for Bremen; stmr St
Louis from New York, via Cherbourg.
Sailed Sept 19— Stmr Kaiser Wllhelm aer
Grosse. from Bremen, for New York.
ROTTERDAM— Arrived Sept 19 — Stmr Maas
dam. from New York.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived Sept 19— Sfmr Waes
land, from Philadelphia; stmr Teutonic, from
New York, via Queenstown. •
Sailed Sept 19— Stmr Caledonia, for New York.
BROWHKAD— Passed Sect 20— Stmr Cuflc,
from N»w York, for Liverpool.
CALLAO— Arrived Sept 18— U S stmr Slocum,
from New York, for San Francisco.
VICTORIA— Arrived Sept 18— Br stmr Em
press of Imlla. from Hongkong.
HONGKONG— Palled Hept IS— Stmr City of
Pekinff. for San Francisco.
ACAPULCO— Sailed Sept 17— Stmr Acapulco.
for Panama. . Sept 18— Stmr Barracouta, for
San Francisco.
GUAYMAS— Sailed Sept 18— Stmr Curacao, for
San Franrldco.
QUEENSTOWN — Sailed. Sept 19 — Br ship
Dowan Hill, for Newcastle; Ger ship Najade,
for Antwerp.
CARDIFF— Arrived Sept 19— Br ship Stronsa.
from Tacoma. -
FOREIGN PORTS,
PORT LUDIX>W— Arrived Sept IS— Schr King
Cyrus, from Port Townsend.
SEATTLE— Arrived Sept 18— Stmr St Paul,
from Nome; Br ship Fortevlot, from Antwerp.
Sailed Sept 18— Br ship Llnlfthgowshire, for
Queenstown.
Arrived Sept 18— Nor etmr Kvarven, from .
NEW WHATCOM— Sailed Sept 19— Etmr Rain
ier, for San Francisco; bktn Portland, for San
Pedro.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived Sept 1»— Ship
Luelle, hence Auk 23.
Sailed Sept 19— Schr Robert Scarles, for Free
mantle.
NEWPORT (S)— Sailed Sept 19— Stmr Iaqua,
for San Francisco,
NOMB— Arrived Sept 8— Stmr Tacoma, from
g Sailed Sept 9— Stmr J S Klmball. for Seattle.
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived Sept 18— Schr C H
Merchant, from San Pedro.
Arrived Sept 19— Stmr Newburg. hence Sept
15; schr Chas R Wilson, hence Sept 5.
COOS BAY— Arrived Sept 19— Stmr Del Norte.
from Eureka, and sailed for Portland.
EUREKA— Arrived Sept 19— Stmr Eureka, hno
Sept 17; Btmr Brunswick, from .
Sailed Sept 19— Schr Laura Pike, for San
Francisco.
VENTURA— Arrived Sept 13 — Stmr South
Coast, from Eureka.
PORT LOS ANGELES— Arrived Sept IS— Stmr
Alcazar, from ; Btmr Sequoia, from Fort
Saifed Sept 18— Stmr Alcazar, for San Fran
cisco.
FORT BRAGG— Arrived Sept 19— Bktn Willie
R Hume, hence Sent IS.
GREENWOOD — Arrived Sept 19 — Stmr Alca
traz. hence Sept IS. j
BOWENS LANDING— Arrived Sept 19— Stmr
Navarro and schr Corinthian, hence Sept IS.
NEAH BAY— PaFsed In Sept 19— Bark Sea
Kintr, from Honolulu, for Port Townsend; schr
Commerce, hence Sept 6, for Port Blakeley.
GREENWOOD— Sailed Sept 1&— Stmr Green
wood, for San Pedro.
ALBION— Arrived Sept 19— Stmr Tillamook,
hence Sept 18.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
NOME, Sept 9— The schr Sequoia and eChr
Arthur B were driven on the beach Sept 7. It
Is thought they will be a total loss.
DISASTER.
POINT LOBOS, Sept 19, 10 p m— Weather
bazy; wind N\V, velocity 16 milea.
SAILED.
Wednesday, September 19.
Etmr Pootta, Walvir, .
Btmr Newport. Saunders, Panama,
Stmr Cleone, Madsen. .
Stmr Australia, Lawless. Honolulu.
Stmr Alex Duncan, Guthrie, Amesport.
Stmr Walla Walla, Thomas, Victoria and
Pujret Sound yorts.
Btmr Proffrfso, Monroe, Tacoma.
Br ehlp Ancalos, Fulton, Queenstown.
Schr Joseph and Henry, Rasmussen, Coquille
River.
Schr Reliance, Ijtrsen, Timber Core.
Schr Gotama, Johannsen, Shoalwater Bay.
Schr Newark, Beck, Bowens Landing.
Schr Five Brothers, Jensen, Blhlers Point.
TELEGRAPHIC.
"Wednesday, September 19.
Stmr Australia, Lawless, Honolulu; J D
Epreckels & Bros Co.
Stmr State of California, Gage, Astoria:
Goodall, Perkins & Co.
Etmr Newport, Saunders, Panama; P M 8
S Co.
Stmr Walla Walla, Thomas, Victoria: Good
all. Perkins & Co.
Stmr Bonlta, NicOlson, San Pedro; Goodall,
CI..EARED.
Bchr J Epplnifer, Skipper, 18 hours from Iver
fcjis I^andlr.c
• Schr North Bend, Jackson, 10 days from 'WH
lapa Harbor.
, Bchr DpI Xorte, Jacobson, 4*4 days from
Rocue River.
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
1. e., at noon of the 120th meridian, or at 8
o clock p. m., Greenwich time.
CO. CALKINS.
Lieutenant Commander, U. S. N.. In charge.
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer Movements.
LANDING THE SMUGGLED GOODS FROM^THE STEAMER MONTI
CEX.LO WHICH WERE SEIZED ON THE f !CAVY TRANSPORT SOL
ACE.
(Concluded.)
BT MARGARET AINSLEE.
After the monopolization by the court
of the productions of the Gobelins, the
looms at Aubus?on were obliged to meet
the more general requirements of the peo
ples {hey were, therefore, protected
against foreign rivals, and have produced
work, good of Its kind, but not as ambi
tious as the panels of the royal tapestry
wea\ - ers.
Although Kngland has been content to
Import rathrr than to manufacture tapes
try, the revocation of the edict of Nantes
and the sacking of Antwerp brought to
her shores many foreign weavers, whose
influence upon English textile is
plainly to be seen In the specimens In va
rious royal palaces and museums. Within
recent years William Morris has made
from designs by Bir Edward Burne-Jones
tapestries which many consider quite
equal In artistic excellence to the best
Flemish weavlngs. Some critics, how
ever, claim that this modern patterning is
too decided, tho anecdote too importunate,
the result too overpowering to tho gen
eral furnishing, and is. therefore, lacking
in the restfulness of the faded storied tap
estry. Certainly Morris did not aim at
the exaltation of the misty In his worsted
frescoes, for he distinctly states that "the
first thing to be considered in the design
ing* of tapestry is the force, purity and
elegance of the silhouette of the objects
represented and nothing vague or inde
terminate is admissible. • • • Depth of
tone, richness of color and exquisite
gradation of tir.ts are easily to be ob
tained in tapestry, and it also demands
that crispness and abundance of beauti
ful detail which was the especial charac
teristic of fully developed medieval art.
Upon general principles, realistic flowers
and modeled figures arc unsatisfactory
and frequently discomfiting, because fig
ure tapestry hangings, like other designs,
must lose their freshness and harmony
by exposure, and when, as oftentimes
happens, the change in flesh tints and
draperies Is not uniform, they present_a
poor appearance; the flutter of a draught
may unsettle the perspective and an inad
vertent fold itay sever a courtier's head
from his trunk. The so-called "verdure"
pieces, however, were but Improved by
the mellowing blend of time. In an old
French work we even find this work rec
ommended as a cheering thing for melan
cholia: "If I were in your place I would
buy a fine hanging of tapestry *de ver
dure.' and I would suspend It In your
daughter's room to enliven her mind and
raise her spirits."
When Louis XIV gave tapestries worth
a small fortune to the Kings of Spain and
Prussia and to the Czar of Russia there
was no lack of occupation for the royal
tapestry looms. Since such commissions
are no longer given, and since the wall
hangings of feudal castles and cathedrals
— tBe "softer echo of stained glass," which
taught its simple lessons of chivalry or
morality— have been long since replaced,
first by carved wooden pafteling. then by
stamped leather and recently by color
printed papers, tapestry weaving is grad
ually becoming one of the lost arts, and
unless the old tapestry factories can de
vise a means of bringing about the ex
cellence of medieval work In competi
tion with modern, machine-made products
the doom of this romantic fabric Is In
evitable.
The manufacture of carpets much re
sembles that of tapestry except that (in a
high warp velvet pile) the worsted threads
of the web which form the surface of the
carpet are joined by a double knot on two
threads, of the warp, thus forming on the
face a ring proportionate to the height of
the pile. Next comes the shearing of the
carpet, whose beauty is largely dependent
upon the precision and nicety with which
this last operation Is performed. Carpets
were originally used as table and couch
coverings and draperies, but have been
lowered In use as the cheapened cost of
production has lowered their price. Now
adays the fine old Oriental carpets are
but relics of the fabulous splendor of
Eastern rajahs, who not only adorned
their tents with priceless hanglnes but
had them spread alung the ronda over
which they rode in triumph. Primitive
carpets varied In use and construction,
ranting from thf little square of plaited
reed* uaon which th<> Oriental jeweler
iashions his exquisite gold work, the
woven mat upon which the fakir com
munes immovably with nature or tho rus
upon which the Mussulman utters his
prayers toward Mecca, to the magnificent
pile carpets of I'ersia. whose bold, con
ventional patterns, magnitirent of color,
largeness of mass and vitality of detail
maKe them easily tho finest in the world.
The carpets ot Smyrna are said to be
woven entirely by women's hands. A
traveler in the East sta-tes that as soon as
a little girl can houl a fhuttio she Is al
lowed to have gay colored worsteds with
which to weave upon a primitive loom, set
up by stretching the cords of the warp be
tween two trees. There, with nature for
her teacher, she starts to make the car
pet which Is to be her dowry. Woven with
an inherent love of color and feeling for
the proper continuity of shades, her
handiwork grows to completion a3 she
grows to womanhood. Then appear tw»
purchasers, by whom the excellenc© of
her lifework Is trstod: one carries away
her tarpet. the ether takes her aa hid
wife.
Oriental carpets may be divided into
three classes— the Turkish (chiefly from
Smyrna), the Persian and the Indian— all
producing, from the simplest elements,
rich and harmonious coloring and mar
velous wearing qualities. The mysterious
"hour." or "tree of life," generally form*
the chief motive or center of the Persian
and Indian carpets, and also of the South
ern European textiles subject to Persian
influence. England has given great atten
tion to the manufacture of low-warp car
pets, many of the product3 of her loom
comparing favorably with those of the
Orient. In fact, the manufacture of the
printed and woven carpets of Brusael3
(made at Kidderminster*. Wilton apd Ax
mlnster now contributes largely to the
material prosperity of England.
As a worsted carpet is woven much as a
piece of silk. It will easily be seen that
Jacquard's perfection of machinery by
which the pattern works Itself out under
the hand of the worker, after traversing
the cylindrical holes of many thousand
pattern sheets of pasteboard, has practi
cally revolutionized the?© allied arts.
Into the clutches of this democratic ma
chine, invented a hundred years ago. high
art tapestry and all the weavlngs of th*
future are bound to come. The velvet
carpet of Savonnerie, made in imitation
of the Oriental Turkey stitch, was known
as tapestry carpet In the sixteenth centry.
With floor coverings, as with tapestry,
the tone should, bo low, the well-covered
design discernible only upon study, sug
gestive but not Imitative of natural
beauty, conspicuous by its absence of en
deavor after perspective or atmospheric
effect.
An always beautiful textile which, to
an unusual, degree, retains the Old "World
atmosphere, so sadly lacking in our mod
ern manufactures, is tho shawl made In
the Vale of Cashmere. These artistic
woolen shawls are made of wool of tho
Cashmere goat and of camel's-hair wool.
They are woven by the natives on looms
so small and primitive that tbe shawl ha*
to be made in separate sections. The
center piece, generally tho cone pattern,
decorated with a sprinkling of small flow
ers, is first set out; and the other pieces.
a diapering of minute florai forma, ar«
ranged in a pattern around it and may
be extended according: to tho fancy of the
worker. The fine, skillful Joining is gon«
over in embroidery of subdued and dark
shades, producing a design. A few of the
costliest shawls are embroidered with a
paradise of singing birds, animals and
flowers. Like almost all Oriental fabrics,
they are distinguished by an vinevenness
In design, which, in spite of occasional
confusion, generally produces a unique
appearance of light and shadow, and at a
distance has the effect of low relief.
Clever machf!»e-made imitations are made
in Paisley, Scotland.
the butcher shop yesterday about the
proper way to cut a oicce of beef.
Hit With a Rock.
Joseph Martin, who lives in the St. Da
vid's House, Howard street, was arrester!
early yesterday morning and booked at
the City Prison on a charge of assault
with a deadly weapon. He is accused of
throwing a rock at \V. J. Green, whirh
struck Green on tho head, cuttlns his
scalp. Green was taken to the Receiving
Hospital.
For Convenience of Pas3eneers
An office has been established in the Oak
land ferry depot, on the ground floor in
the center of the building, where passen
gers can leave their baggage checks,
thereby saving In the transfer of their
baggage, our rates being lower. Don't
give up your checks on the trains. Mor
ton Special Delivery, 408 Taylor street and
G50 Market street. •
Superintendent had been overgenerous In
givinp out the books and called attention
to the fact that the Lafayette School had
been> provided with 355 books, the Ever
ett with 134 and the Franklin Evening
School, having; only five classes, with 517
books. Denman alone voted apalnst the
adoption of the resolution on the sub
ject. .1
Webster's resolution that the salary of
MlfB M. G. Stebbins. head teacher of the
Le Conte School, be raised to $30 per
month on account of increased duties, was
defeated.
Miss Nellie O'I>oujrhlan's application to
be appointed a vice principal was placed
on file.
The application of Miss Caroline Beck
wlth. vice- principal of the Horace Mann
Grammar School, for a year's leave of
absence was donleu. No reason was as
signed for the demand, but it Is under
stood that Miss Beckwith desired leave
for the purpose of eettinR married and
makinp aa extended European trip. The
board does not countenance the marriage
of feminine pedagogues and will accord no
aid to Miss Beckwith to carry out her
cherished plan.
Leaves of absence were Rranted to Miss
E. E. Kelly and Miss M. E. OT^ary. Tho
application of Miss K. A. Keating was
denied.
Struck His Father.
" Henry Dahl. a butcher on the Point Lo
bos road, swore to a complaint in Judge
Cabaniss' court yesterday for the arrest
of his son. William, on a charge of bat
tery. Father and son had a dispute in
Civil Service Examination.
Announcement was made yrstcnLiy by
the TTnitPd States Civil Service Commis
sion that an examination for lithosrrapher
of the Weather Bureau will he held on
October 23 in every city where the com
mission has a board of examiners. Any
one wishing to enter the lists should
make application at Washington. D. C.
for forms 304 and 334. which, upon re
ceipt, should be promptly executed an-l
returned to the omees of the commission
at the national capital.
THE CALL'S
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
Copyright, 1900, by Seymour Eaton.
HISTORIC STUDIES IN HOME FURNISHING.
TAPESTRIES AND OTHER TEXTILES
Silks, Satins, Laces, Furs, Rare Chinaware and
Curios in the Lot.
One Case Addressed
Care of a Texas
Statesman.
Names of Many Offi
cers of the Army
on Boxes.
ARRIVED.
Wednesday, September 19.
Stmr Colon, McKinnon, 21 days from Pana
ma and way rorts.
£tmr Newsboy, Htggtns, 20 hours from Uftal.
Stmr Coqullle River, Thompson. 78 hours from'
Grays Harbor.
Stmr Fulton, Duggan, 67 hours from Port
land. ,
Stmr Umatilla, Cousins, 60 hours from Vic
toria and Puget Sound ports.
Bktn Retriever. Sloan. 10 days from Port
Hadlock.
Scbr Mary Etta, Anderson, 24 hours from
Bowens Landlns.
Kehr Mildred, Klndlin, 12 days from New
Whatcom. *
Schr Vfm Renton. . Jansen, 16 days from Ta
coma.
Ship Geo Curtis, Calhoun, 2S days.from Hono
lulu.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
Shipping Merchants.
The Bertie Minor loads lumber at Eureka
for Honolulu; the Charles E. Falk, lumber
from Albion to Hllo; the Portia, wheat at
Portland for Europe. 45s— prior to arrival; the
Falcon, railroad ties to Salinas Cruz: the John
A. Campbell, lumber from Port Blakeley to
Honolulu..
Shipping Intelligence.
CUSTOMS INSPECTOR JAMES
CAMPBELL and the smuggled
goods seized on the army trans
port Solace came down from
Mare Island on the Monticello
yesterday. The stuff was piled up on
Mission-street wharf to a height of four
feet, and never before in the history of
the structure has such a valuable cargo
been discharged thore. There were silk3
that would "stand alone," rare vases that
millionaires mlpht covet, furs that a Rus
sian would pay a small fortune for, tea
sets- that cannot be purchased In this
country and laces that would drive a con
nolsseur crazy. All these were piled v up
on the wharf and half a dozen officers
stood guard over them. Later all the
boxes, and there were more than 100 of
them, were sent to the appraiser's store.
Among the boxes that came down on
the Monticello were some addressed to
'•Lieutenant II. W. Carpenter, U. S. M. C.
Adams Express office, Washington, D. C."
Three packages were addressed to "Miss
Helen Bryan, 1226 Parallax street. Mount
Adams, Cincinnati, Ohio." One from
lieutenant Hobson of "kissing" fame was
directed to "Miss Annie Hobson, Greens
bro, Ala." Another bore the address "Mr.
W. J. Mclntyre, Evans Block, Riverside,
Cal."
The moet valuable case of all, however,
was one intended to reach "Mrs. George
Richards, care of Hon. R. Q. Mills, Cor
."lcana, Texas." This box contains "loot"
from the city of Tientsin. The man In
charge of the box frankly states that the
stuff was secured from some of the shops
in the Chinese city after the allies had
taken possession.
Then there were cases addressed "Dr.
A. C. Russell, U. S. N., 29 Park avenue,
New Rochelle, New York"; "N. E. Car
penter, 1813 East Seventh street, Kansas
City, Mo.": "Ueutenant A. B. Hoff, care
of J. C. Croley, Westchester, K. Y.VI '"Ft.
O. Morse, Portland. Or."; "D. T. Spur
geon, Seattle," and "Col. R. L. Mead,
U. S. M. C."
When the Solace came Into port here
Colonel Mead "declared" some of his be
longings and paid duty on them. When
the ship was searched at Mare Island,
however, three more cases addressed to
him were found, and these wero seized
and brought to San Francisco.
The stuff taken out of the Solace would
net a small fortune. In every case the
duty Is nearly GO per cent of the value,
and as Undo Sam Is a close appraiser
the chances are that nearly all the curios
will be abandoned to tho revenue authori
ties. In that event many a person who
has been looking forward to a souvenir
of the war in China will be disappointed.
Australia Sails.
The Oceanic Mail Company's steamer
Australia sailed for Honolulu yesterday.
Captain Howard could not dispatch her
on time, as the mail was late, but two
minutes after the mallbags were aboard
the vessel was under way.
The Australia took away every ounce
of cargo she could carry and the follow
ing cabin passengers:
Mrs. E. P. Anderson, Mrs. B. L. Austin, R.
C. Berkeley. Dr. C. F. BlnRham. Miss L. N.
Bradshaw, Mrs. M. V. Briggs, Mrs. M. Bruns,
M. A. Cheek. A. F. Clark and wife. Sidney
Clementson and wife. Miss A. Cluen, J. H.
Cochran. A. S. Collins, C. M. Cooke, W. M.
Cunningham, wife and two children; Mrs. E.
Duffey. Miss M. K. Duncan. II. P. Eakln, Mrs
J. Fastenrath and two children, James Feore,
Mr*. J. R. Fulton and three children; W. J.
Galbralth, H. B. Gehr. C. A. Graham, L. B.
Graves, wife and two children: Aliss M. Hawes,
M. C. Haielrigg. W. F. Hellbrom. wife and
child: W. F. Hellbrom Jr., B. Hellbrom. Miss
L. Heilbrnm. Miss M. Heilbrom, B. Johnson,
J. A. Johnson, Mrs. M. \V. King, A. S. Knud-
Fcn. H. M. Larue, Mrs. Robert Lewers, Charles
Lewis, J. H. McLafferty and wife, J. M. Mo-
Chesney, Mrs. J. T. McDonald, A. Meyer, G.
H. Morrill Jr. and wife, Charles Muller, W.
P. Mutch, Dr. A. E. Xlchols, R. Oberwlmmer,
George J. O'Neil, Mips E. Perkins, Mrs. Pond
and daughter, w. RemensperKer, Mrs. E. C
Rowe, Mrs. J. Scott, two children and maid;
Mrs. F. Peverin and two children, C. C. Ste
venson. Mrs. C. Stickney, Mrs. J. H. Suther
land. F. L. Thlrkleld and wife. G. W. Tomb,
J. Vanrtel, Thomas E. Wall, Mrs. L. Wheeler,
Mrs. W. J. White. Miss A. R. Whitney, F. J.
Wilhclm, Mrs. C M. Knapp, T. F. Stevenson
and Mrs. C. A. Williams.
The Mystic Shriners.
A committee Is hard at work petting
the steamer Zealanrlia ready for the trip
to Honolulu on October 7. The Mystic
Shriners. who will make the voyage on
the vessel, are full of enthusiasm and the
vessel will carry the jolliest crowd that
over went out of port when she sails two
weeks from Sunday.
The following committee went over the
Zealandia yesterday In company with
John D. Spreokels. R, r. Hurlburt. B. D.
Pike. -James H. Brown, G, F. Neal and
Joseph H. Goldman. TheEe gentlemen
have r"t a gang of thirty painters and
carpenters at work and the transforming
of the vessel has begun. The Oceanic
Steamship Company is doing far more
than the contract calls for. according to
Mr. Neal, and the ship will be in splen
did order by October 7. She will be pro
vided with new linen throughout and the
upholstering will all be replaced. When
the alterations ere completed few people
will recognize the Interior of the Zealan
dia.
"W. Remensperger, who sailed on the
Australia. Is a representative of the Mys
tic Shriners, and with two others goes to
Honolulu to arrange for the coming of
the Zealandia.
Harbor Commissioners" Meet.
Some of the closest bidding ever seen In
the history of the water front was done
yesterday on the extension and repairing
of Steuart-street wharf. When completed
the structure is to be turned over to tbe
transport service, and warehouses to ac
commodate Uncle Sam will be built in the
vicinity. When the whole scheme is ac
complished the United States Will have
the finest transport facilities In the world.
The bids for the work were as follows:
City Street Improvement Company, $18,-
G43 35; Atlantic, Gulf and Pacific Com
pany, $18,742 10; James A. McMahon, $18,
943 50; Darby Laydon. $19,728 29; Hyde Con
struction Company, $19,873 75; Cotton
Bros., $21,866.
Accidents on the Front
Mrs. Martin of 629 Union street fell on
Kearny street while witnessing the circus
parade. She broke her right wrist and
was taken to the Harbor Hospital.
George Hummel of 151 Natoma street
fell down the back stairs and fractured
his left arm. He also was taken to the
Harbor Hospital. Both cases were at
tended by Dr. Bauer and the patients
¦were discharged.
' ?
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
SMUGGLED GOODS ON SHIIP
SOLACE ARE MOSTLY LOOT
THE SAX FRANCISCO /CALL, THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 20, 1900.
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographic Office," U. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange. . San Francisco, Cal..
September 19, 1900.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
NOTE.— In the above exposition of tho tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time. The
necond time column gives the second tide of
the day. tho third time column the third tide
and the last or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day, except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights
given are In addition to the soundings on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign < — ) precedes the height,
and then the number given Is subtracted rrom
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference Is the mean of the lower low waters.
TO SAIL.
7
Sun rises • 5:55
Sun sets ' 6:10
Moon rises 2:55 a. m.
O Time Time Time ' Time
» Ft. — — Ft. Ft. Ft.
a L, W H W L. W H W
20 ... 2:57 ~CM 9:44 5.2 3:20 ~ Z.'\ 9:23 ~il
21 ... 3:33 0.7 10:19 5.3 4:00 1.7 10:12 6.1
22... 4:10 1.0 10:48 6.8 4:39 1.4 10:59 5.0
23 ... 4M(i 1.3 11:16 5.4 5:13 1.1 11:41 4.8
24... 5:08 1.6 11:43 5.4 5:47 0.9.
H W] L W H W L, W
25 ...I 0:24| 4.7 6:351 1.9 12:0S 5.3| fi:20 0.7
26... 1:07 | 4.5 6:03| 2.2 12:32 5.2| 6:53 0.«
Steamer. Prom. Due.
Point Arena — Point Arena Sep. 20
Crescent City.. Crescent City Sep. 20
Santa Ro»a San Diego Sep. 20
W. H. Krujrer. Tlllamook Sep. 21
J. S. KlmbalL.ICape Nome ISep. 21
liobt. Adamson.jNanaimo Sep. 21
[aqua [Newport Sep. 21
Moana Australia Sep. 21
Matt?awan Taeoma Sep. 21
Eureka Humboldt Sep. 21
Washtenaw .... Taeoma... Sep. 22
Willamette Seattle Sep. 22
Tellus Oyster Harbor Sep. 22
Czarina Seattle Sep. 23
Columbia Portland Sep. 22
City Rio do Jan China and Japan Sep. 22
Grace Dollar... San Pedro Sep. 22
Coos Bay Newport Sep. 22
Corona San Diego „ Sep. 21
City of Puebla. Victoria Sep. 24
Pomona Humboldt Sep. 24
nival Wlllapa Harbor Sep. 23
Arcata Coos Bay Sep. 25
Bonlta Newport Sep. 2fi
Curacao Mexico Sep. 26
Steamer. Destination. I Sails. I Pier.
W. Kruger. Tillamook Sep. 20, 5 pm Pier 2
Pomona ... Humboldt Sep. 20, 2 pm Pier 9
Empire .... Coos Bay Sep. 20, 12 m Pier 13
Arcata .... Coos Bay Sep. 20, 12 m Pier 13
State Cal.. Portland Sep. 20. 11 am Pier 24
Bonita .... Newport Sep. 20, 9 am Pier 11
laqua Humboldt Sep. 21, 6 pm Pier 2
North Fork Humboldt Sep. 21. 9 amlPier 3
L,akm« Humboldt Sep. 21, 5 pmlPier 2
-oqullle U. (Grays Harbor]Sep. 21. .. pmf
S. Mara JChina&Japan Sep. 22, lpm PMSS
Panta RosafSan Die*o Sep. 22, 11 am Pier 11
Q. Dollar.. Grays HarborlSep. 22
Eureka ... Humboldt. ....|Sep. 22. 10 am Pier 13
Umatllla .. Victoria Sep. 23, 11 am Pier 9
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena.. Sep. 24, 2 pm Pier 2
Coo* Bay.'. Newport JSep. 24, 9 am Pier 11
CTzarina ...'Seattle [Sep. 24 Pier 6
Columbia ..iPortland JSep. 2o, 11 am! Pier 24
Porona .... San Diego Sep. 26. 11 am Pier 11
Sun rises • 5:55
Sun sets ' 6:10
Moon rises 2:55 a. m.
O Time Time Time ' Time
» Ft. — — Ft. Ft. Ft.
a L, W H W L. W H W
20 ... 2:57 ~CM 9:44 5.2 3:20 ~ Z.'\ 9:23 ~il
21 ... 3:33 0.7 10:19 5.3 4:00 1.7 10:12 6.1
22... 4:10 1.0 10:48 6.8 4:39 1.4 10:59 5.0
23 ... 4M(i 1.3 11:16 5.4 5:13 1.1 11:41 4.8
24... 5:08 1.6 11:43 5.4 5:47 0.9.
H W] L W H W L, W
25 ...I 0:24| 4.7 6:351 1.9 12:0S 5.3| fi:20 0.7
26... 1:07 | 4.5 6:03| 2.2 12:32 5.2| 6:53 0.«
Steamer. Prom. Due.
Point Arena — Point Arena Sep. 20
Crescent City.. Crescent City Sep. 20
Santa Ro»a San Diego Sep. 20
W. H. Krujrer. Tlllamook Sep. 21
J. S. KlmbalL.ICape Nome ISep. 21
liobt. Adamson.jNanaimo Sep. 21
[aqua [Newport Sep. 21
Moana Australia Sep. 21
Matt?awan Taeoma Sep. 21
Eureka Humboldt Sep. 21
Washtenaw .... Taeoma... Sep. 22
Willamette Seattle Sep. 22
Tellus Oyster Harbor Sep. 22
Czarina Seattle Sep. 23
Columbia Portland Sep. 22
City Rio do Jan China and Japan Sep. 22
Grace Dollar... San Pedro Sep. 22
Coos Bay Newport Sep. 22
Corona San Diego „ Sep. 21
City of Puebla. Victoria Sep. 24
Pomona Humboldt Sep. 24
nival Wlllapa Harbor Sep. 23
Arcata Coos Bay Sep. 25
Bonlta Newport Sep. 2fi
Curacao Mexico Sep. 26
Steamer. Destination. I Sails. I Pier.
W. Kruger. Tillamook Sep. 20, 5 pm Pier 2
Pomona ... Humboldt Sep. 20, 2 pm Pier 9
Empire .... Coos Bay Sep. 20, 12 m Pier 13
Arcata .... Coos Bay Sep. 20, 12 m Pier 13
State Cal.. Portland Sep. 20. 11 am Pier 24
Bonita .... Newport Sep. 20, 9 am Pier 11
laqua Humboldt Sep. 21, 6 pm Pier 2
North Fork Humboldt Sep. 21. 9 amlPier 3
L,akm« Humboldt Sep. 21, 5 pmlPier 2
-oqullle U. (Grays Harbor]Sep. 21. .. pmf
S. Mara JChina&Japan Sep. 22, lpm PMSS
Panta RosafSan Die*o Sep. 22, 11 am Pier 11
Q. Dollar.. Grays HarborlSep. 22
Eureka ... Humboldt. ....|Sep. 22. 10 am Pier 13
Umatllla .. Victoria Sep. 23, 11 am Pier 9
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena.. Sep. 24, 2 pm Pier 2
Coo* Bay.'. Newport JSep. 24, 9 am Pier 11
CTzarina ...'Seattle [Sep. 24 Pier 6
Columbia ..iPortland JSep. 2o, 11 am! Pier 24
Porona .... San Diego Sep. 26. 11 am Pier 11
RHEUMATISM
B iL. ----C£//»ED«--
by the waters and the mud baths
and the hot mineral baths of
BYRON HOT SPRINGS
Aadrees A. BETTEX8, Manager, "•'¦'i-
Hjron Hot Springs. Cal.
LOMBARD & CO.. 36 Geary St.. City Ajrts.
PARASSO HOT SPRINGS,
The darlsbad of America. Is now open for the,
winter season. Address C. T. RO1IIE. Paraiso'
Springs. Cal.
HLAMATti MOT STRINGS.
The healthiest resort In the prettiest county la
California. Trout fishing— finest in the State—
Shove! Creek. 15 miles for casting. Hunting —
plenty of game in surrounding mountains—
grouse, quail, deer and bear. liUSOX BItOS..
Proprietors, Beswick, Slsklyou County, Cal.
LAUREL DELL LAKE.
The most attractive place In Lake County to
rptnd your vacation. Boating, bathing, bowl-
ins. tennis, livery, new walks, etc. Write for
circular to H. WAMBOLD. .
Laurel Dell. Laka County. Cal.
HAULER'S new summer resort. Cazadero. Cal.
—Home cooking, excellent fishing and hunt-
ing; general mdse., choice liquors, cigars;
popular prices.
ALL THIS WEEK. INCLUDING EtTSDAT.
MATINEE SATURDAY.
CLAY L. R.
CLEMENT STOCKWELL
And a etrouc company, presentlnr th»
Or.EAT DOUBLE BILL,
"THE BELLS."
(Clay Clement as Mathlas.)
ArA I>icn Bouclcault'e powerful one-act play,
NAPOLEON'S GUARD.
TWO EXCELLt^CT CASTS.
Next Week. Rerlval of the Popular Comedy,
"THE MAGISTRATE."
SALE OF I BEGINS
SEATS I TO-DAir FOH
Azzali Italian Grand Opera Co.
GBA2CD RBOPEKLKQ AND FTRST APPEAR-
ANCE IN AMERICA.
SUNDAY EVENING, S EFT. 23,
"OTELLO."
y.rr.ter, rrirtp.T. "CARMEN;" Tuesday.
"ATDXf Wetae«a«y night and Saturday Mat-
inee, •TRAVIATA;" Thursday. Saturday
y.cht. ••OTELLO."
NO INCREJU58 IN PRICES
RESERVED PEATS— Night, 15c, 50c, 75c;
TWO TTN'ORMOrS OPERATIC TRIUMPHS.
TO-NIGHT
FT.*NT>AT EVENING'. SATTRDAT I1ATINEE!
"TROYAJORE."
FTtXDAT. FATTTRDAY EVENTNOS.
" FAUST."
rText Week— "TANNHATrSEH,- "BARBER
OF FEVILLE."
25e end 59c— POrCLAR PRICES— 25o and 88c.
Telephone. Bu»h 9.
ftYHEATR eTM >
Langhing Week iNow On.
A BRAND NETW TARCE.
"The Widow's Husband"
KPECIAi. ENGAGEMENT OF
J±JDJ± LEWIS.
Fun From Rite to Fall of Curtain.
Prat* now- ready far next w<^k— "HIS JAP-
ANESE WIFE."
CHUTES and ZOO
EVERT AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
BIG VAUDEVILLE SHOW!
SEABURY, High Diver.
SPECIAL TONIGHT— TBE AMATEURS
!N SPECIALTIES AND A
LADIES 1 OBSTACLE RACE.
CAKEWALK SATURDAY NIGHT
Tcler'-icne for geats. Park 23.
HI-S ANNA MILLER WOOD n^vi\°.
tar:an church. Boston. Sone Recitals— TO-
S:U; Saturday. Sept. 23, 3:U p. m.
footman «t Hay Hall, 223 fcutter. Reserved
fiats, sot for both concerts. (1 50; jingle re-
#prve<i eeats. SI; r^aeraJ admission, T5c. Eeats
ri-f-f rved at 6herir.a.n &. Clay's to-<lay and Sept.
I- «jid 23.
FTQfHFR'<> CONCERT HOUSE.
Hiinlon & Singer. Paul La Crolx. Mae Tunl-
#wn J. F. Veaco. EuCora Forde, L. C. Btban,
O!i\e Vail. Pearl Hickman and the New Mov-
lr.£ Pictures.
Kutcrved Seats. Hi?; Matinee Eunday.
. AMUSEMENTS^
EXHIBITION GROUNDS,
Sixteenth and Folsom Streets.
This Afternoon at 2. To-Night. at 8
And Twice Dally Until September 26.
RINGLING BROS.
The BlFge*t Combined Menagrerle. Hippodrome
and Arenlc Exhibition In the World!
1000 People— 200 Performers.
6"0 Hor»p^-K Elephants.
20 Camels— £5 Railroad Cars.
10O Feature Acts!
Glorious Introductory Military Spectacle.
GREAT THREE-RING CIRCUS.
All Kinds of Trained Animal Sensations!
Admission. 60<?; Children under 12 years. 25c.
R*>serve<1 Numbered Seats an<l Admissions
during- the entire enga&errent at Sherman, Clay
& Co.'s Music Store, corner Kearny and Sutter
*ts. Unlike other shows, prices at downtown
offlca are the same as charged at ticket wagon
»how yroundj;.
ALF ELLINGHOUSE, Lessee and Manager.
Phone. South 770.
EVERY EVENING THIS WEEK.
MATINEE SATURDAY.
Farewell Performances.
FERRIS HARTMAN
WITH
The Nautical Farcical Success.
16a, 25c. 35c and 60c
Xext Sunday Afternoon — The New York
World's Euccesa. "KELLY'S KIDS."
Regrular prices: Kvenlng— 15c, 25c, 3Se, 50o
and 75c. Matinee— ISc. 25c. 85c and 60c,
RACING! RACING!
California Jockey Club Track,
OAKLAND.
GOLDEN GATE FAIR
ASSOCIATION,
DISTRICT Xo. 1.
/\1VINU/\L FAIR!
Four or More Running Races and
Two Harness Races Each Day.
GRAND BTOCK PARADES.
OPENING DAT
SATURDAY, September 22,
Contlnulnr Seven Days.
ADMISSION 50 CENTS.
RACING! RACING!
SUTRO BrtTWS.
—OPEN NIGHTS—
Open dally from 7 a. m. to 11 p. m.
Eathlrc fr»m 7 a. m. to 10 p. m.
ADMISSION. »10c. CHILDREN. 5c.
Bathing, including admission, 25c: children. ZOc.
Avisit OR- JORDAN'S great A
{HUSEUH OF fiHATQfitf}
T ry^ • The Lirnst Anatomical Museum in the \
V ;,, J " l .'Afc— World. V eitctvj* or any contracted A
ft ¥p$ yjip b;>eciili»t c» tix. Coait Est. 36 yoars. "
£ fiJWft US- JOSDaN— PRIVATE DISEASES *
\ g&tf£ill4 ConsnUition frm and strictly private \
B I *OYZLn '" '' ment P«*on»'ly or by letter. A A
\ S W Till I^* JtK * Cure In e»eryc»«e undertaken. T
a T // II IP w n'te for Book. rDILODUraVff A
W ¦ (j 11* atAStniA.CE. MAILED FRES. (AW
X U ll valuable bock for rccn ) \
f Dlt^JOBDA.t & tO.. 1051 Market SUB. F. 9
GRAND OPE?A HOUSE
MATECEE SATURDAY AND EUXDAY.
EHCOND A^CD LAST "VTETK OF
QUO VADIS.
Introducing In the Arena Scene
ADGIE'S LIONS.
MULT M LTK PLITK JEA>'3
Evening Prtc«i 10c. 15c 25c. 60o
A Few Front Kow« In Orchestra, 75c
Matinee Prices 10c, 35e. 2Sc. fOc. No higher.
Branch Ticket Offlc«. Emporium.
HIGH CLASS VATTDEVILLE.
JESSIE BARRETT DAVIS.
• JOHN5TONE BROTHERS. McCABE
AND DANIELS. OZAV AND DELMO.
YOUNG AMERICA QUINTETTE.
. QT'ERITA VINCENT. JOHNSON AND
r>EAN' MANSFIELD AND W1LBCR.
¦ AMERICAN BIOGRAPH.
Resi»rred Peats, 25o; beicofiT. 10c: opera chair*
er.a box eeata, EOc.
Matinee* Wednesday. Saturday and Sundax.
AMUSEMENTS.
wiw^^ King ° f B ° ttied
Beers, possesses
jT\ W^ •every element that
makes a perfect and delicious brew.
Nearly three quarters of a billion
bottles of this famous brand have
been consumed— a world's record.
The product of
Anheuser=Busch Brewing Ass'n
St. Louis, U. S. A.
j/^ /> JLS*^ 0 Famous the world over for its tonic qualities,
*jyfCZ4£7 l^/yi£££/2£,tZ£2' recommended by physicians everywhere, it
* ••" jo«rm'e*9<Mm>m*r p rc p are( i by this association.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
i
SKAGGS HOT SPRINGS.
Sonoma County.
Only 44 hours from San Frandsco and but
nln« miles of staging: waters noted for medi-
cinal virtues: best natural bath In State; grand
mountain scenery; good trout streams at door;
telephone, telegraph; daily mall and express.
First-Class Hotel and
Stage Service.
Morning and afternoon stages; round trip
rrom Pan Franclpco only $5 60. Take Tlburon
ferry at 7:30 a. m. or 3:30 p. m. Terms, 12 a
day or {12 a •w^ek. References — Any guest of
the past five years; patronage constantly in-
creasing:. J. F. MULGREW, Proprietor.
|| . Yes, tKe same ||
I Welshing Powder I
gi* that brightens your silver and cut g!a.ss will cle&n the *M
Ev Kitchen Crockery. Cold Dust is cv dirt destroyer. ;^1
l&! nothing more. It never harms the article it comes in,
jp7 : contact with. It simply makes it clean. For greatest -M
mi' economy buy the Ia.rge pn.cka.ge. 113
m The N. K. Fairbank Company, $M
|j| Chicago, St. Louis, New York. Boston. /£\Y^.;a^5p|>j|Articles — Open. High. Low. Close,
Wheat. No. 2— \
September 77*4 "9% 77H 79V4
October 78^ 79^ 77T4 79V4
November 79 80V4 78% 80^4
Corn No. 2 —
September 4<H4 40% 89% 40H
October 38^ 38% 88^ S8&4
November 36?4 36V4 3614 3614
Oats No. 2—
September 2«4 21% 21V4 21%
October 21% 21% 21V4 21%
November 22H 22H 22 22V4
Mess Pork, per barrel-
October 12 22>,4 12 22*4 1190 11 97V4
January 1145 1147% 1137% 1140
Lard, per 100 rounds —
October 7 10 7 15 7 05 7 07%
November 7 12H 7 12H 7 00 7 02ft
January 6 72% 6 75 6 67V4 6 70
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds —
September 7 75 7 75 7 60 7 €0
October 7 40 7 45 7 32% 7 32%
January 6 07% 6 10 6 05 6 07%
Cash Quotations were as follows:
Flour — Firm: No. 3 spring wheat, 78c; No. 2
red, 78%i?fS0e: No. 2 corn. 40%(g4rjHc; No. 2 yel
low. 40%(?40%c; No. 2 oats, 21*iia>22%c; No. 2
white. 25i,4<8'25i4c: No. 3 white, 23»4@25c; No. 2
rye. 53%c; good feeding barley, 39%c;.falr to
choice malting, 49@53c; No. 1 flax seed, tl 58;
No. 1 Northwestern, Jl 53%; prime timothy
seed, $4 10® 4 30; mess pork, per barrel, Jll 05
4?12; lard, per 100 pounds, $7 07%ig7 10; short
ribs Bides (loose), $7 55@7 75; dry salted shoul
ders (boxed), 6'/i<g6Hc; short clear sides (boxed).
$S 05(S?8 15: whisky, basis of high wines, Jl 2(5;
clover, contract grade, $10.
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 29,000 13,000
Wheat, bushels 391.000 311,000
Corn, bushels 817,000 . 426,000
Oats, bushels 513.000 166,000
Rye, bushels 17,000
Barley, bushels 85,000 10,000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market wa's dull. Creamery. 15@21c; Dairy,
13«?l8c. Cheese, firm, 10>4@ll%c. Eggs, firm;
fresh. 16c.
Foreign Futures. *
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat — Sept. Dec.
Opening 6 2% 6 4%
Closing 6 2% 6 4?,
PARIS.
Wheat— - « \-H Sept. Jan.-Apl.
Opening 20 45 22 05
Closing 20 45 22 00
Flour-
Opening: • 26 10 28 15
Closing — 26 20 2S 25
Chicago Livestock Market.
CHICAGO. Sept. 19.-CATTLE-Rece!pts. 17..
COO. Including 2200 Western and 1100 Texans.
CHICAGO, Sept. 19.— Wheat was Btrong: and
active all day. To start with there was the
Liverpool advance of %d, wet weather In the
Northwest and a reported advance of 10c per
barrel in flour. Under the influence of this
news October opened %c higher at 78@78Hc
but on a report that there was a prospect of
the weather clearing in the spring wheat coun
try a reaction to 77%c tollowed. After this
dip the tone was strong. Northwest markets
were strong and there was liberal buying here
for the Northwest account. Receipts were
small at Northwest points and the buying was
sa)d to be largely for country people. There
were numerous reports of serious damages from
rains. Offerings in the pit were light and the
outside demand, coupled with the efforts of
ehorts to get out of harm's way, resulted in a
Bharp advane'e. October sold up to 79c, receded
a little and then bulged further to 7D>fec and
closed VWl%c over yesterday at 79Vic.
Corn was dull, but In sympathy with wheat.
October closed unchanged at 3S%c.
Oats were dull and featureless, closing un
changed at 21%@21%c
Provisions were irregular, the tone ! at the
end being rather heavy and, with the exception
of lard, lower In price. The opening was higher
on an advance at Liverpool and a steady to
strong hog market, but the support of shorts
waa lacking and as longs disposed of some of
their holdings the price eased off. October
pork closed l'Hc under yesterday, lard 2%c
higher and ribs 6<37'/4c lower.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Trading In dried frulta was of a hand-to
mouth character and the market continued to
rule quiet at unchanged prices, with 3@5c the
basis for common evaporated apples. 4*i@5>£c
for prime. 5H@6c for choice and 6@6',ic for
fancy. California dried fruits were Inactive.
Prunes, 3ViS7c per pound, as to size and qual
ity. Apricots, Royal. ll@14c; Moorpark, 15@16c.
Peaches, peeled, 145J18c; unpeeled, iQSc.
DRIED FRCTTS.
NEW YORK, Sept. 19.— FLOUB— Receipts,
IS.211 barrels; exports, 10.575; sales, 7700 pack
ages. Market firm afrain and held at higher
prices on all grades, restricting demand. Win
ter patents. $3 7O5J4; winter straights, $3 B5@
3 65; Minnesota patents, $4 DfKg4 60.
WHEAT— Receipts, 235.0CO bushels; exports
21.SS4; sales. 4,250,000 bushels futures and 200,000
export. Spot, strong; Xo. 2 red, S4Hc f. o b.
anoat and S2',ic elevator; No. 1 Northern fau
luth, SiVkc f. o. b. anoat; No. 1 hard r>uluth.
?2'%c t. o. b. afloat. Options opened firm and
except for two or three brier setbacks,
prompted by realizing, were active and strong
all day. Sensational strength in the North
vest, supplemented by doleful spring wheat
crop reports, started a big scare of shorts and
lrsplred also an active speculative demand
from outside sources, helped by ilrm Liverpool
cables; closed strong at "iJjU&c net advance
March, i>7U'5i>S 3-16e. closed iS'4c; May, 87®
StVic, closed !>7 7 ic: September, S2'i@'S3c. closed
B3c; October, S2MGS3Kc, closed S3>ic; December
S-» 7-lMiS5 l 2C. closed 857gc.
HOPy-Dull.
HIDES— Firm.
WOOL— Quiet.
COFFEE— Spot Rio, dull: No. 7 invoice, S^c;
mild, quiet; Cordova, 9?i<£14c. Futures closed
steady with a net loss of 4 points. Total sales,
lfi,500 bags, including: September, $7 05; Octo
btr, $7 05; November, J7 20; December. $7 25;
February, $7 35.
SUGAR— Raw, firm: fair refining, 4',4c; cen
trifugal. 96 test, 5c; molasses sugar, 4c; reflned
firm.
BUTTER— Receipts. 443S packages. Firmer;
State creamery. 16H@21%c; June creamery, Ifg
21c; factory. 14@16S4c
EGGS — Receipts, £375 packages. .Finn; West
ern regular packing at mark, 13@17c; Western,
loss off, 19c.
Board —
100 Caribou 20
100 Home Oil 4 65
200 Twenty-eight 1 go
Street—
25 Home OH 4 70
500 Twenty-eight j,.. 1 go
100 California-Standard 53
Afternoon Session.
Board—
200 Home Oil 4 gj
100 American Fuel 30
f.O American Fuel 34
ino California-Standard 33
EOO Four Oil Co...., 43
150 Independence 20
40 Kern River 13 m
&0 Kern River 13 50
200 McKlttrlck Consolidated 20
SW McKlttrick Consolidated 15
50 Royal 2 00
SCO Sterling O & D Co 1 73
100 Twenty-eight 1 go
Street—
600 Four Oil Co 5,1
50 San Joaquin Oil & Dev 750
250 Sterling O & D Co j 73
50 Kern River \g 25
500 Home OH _. 4 53
The following were the sales in the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
400 Belcher 20 300 Sierra Nevada. 29
100 Chollar 19 500 Silver Hill...... 37
50 Hale & Nor 21 800 Yellow Jacket... 23
50 Ophir 45
Afternoon Session.
100 Alpha ¦ 05 10O Con Cal & Va..l 15
500 Belcher 21 100 Occidental' 07
400 Chollar 20 4C0 Yellow Jacket.. 25
The following were the sales in the Pacific
Stock Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
500 Alpha 01, 500 Justice 07
200 Best & Belcher 27 i 400 Sierra Nevada.. 3rt
200 Caledonia 43 200 Silver Hill. 30
200 Con Cal & Va..l 13! 300 Utah 05
900 Crown Point... 13 300 Yellow Jacket.. 23
SCO Gould & Curry 31 ' %
Afternoon Session.
500 Best & Belcher 27 SCO Ophlr 46
400 Caledonia 44 600 Sierra Nevada. 50
200 Con Cal ft' Va..l 15 600 Silver Hill S7
250 Crown Point... 13 600 Silver Hilt 38
SCO Crown Point... 1*'
Morning Sessioa
WEDNESDAY, Sept. 1»— 2 p. m.
UNITED ST.ATES BONDS.
Bid.A*k. i nt<l Ask
4s quar coup.. 116 117 '4s do cp <new)134
4s do reg 115 116 3s do coup 10»% —
MISCELLANEOUS BONDa
Cal-st Cab 5s. 113% — |<~> a k Water Us. — ins
C C Water as. — 107 Oceanic SS 5s. 107 107%
EdLSF 6s.. — 130 On C Ry es.-.l'S'i —
P & Cl Ry 6s.. — — |i'uc U Imp 4s.l«% —
Geary-st R 5a. — 93 P & Cl Ry 6s. 104 —
H C & S 5Us. — — P & O R R fis.115 -
Do os — 105 Pow»H-et R 6sll$ii
L A Ry 5s — 108 Sac L CMftt5s.ieo& —
L A Lt Co 6a. — — S F & SJV £s.l20
Do gntd 6s.. — — S K ot cal 6s..liH;n?%
L A gntd 5s... 100 102% S P of A 6s.... Ultimo
L A P R R 5s. — 101 ay C bs (1905)
Market-st 6s.. .12* — (Series A).t.. — n»
Do 1st M Es.117% — Do (Series BMll —
N-CNQ K Ts.112 115% S P C 6s fl9C6).113% —
N R of Cal 6s. 113 — I Do (1912) 12vil£PA
Do 5s HSy*llS% S P R 1st gntu - -
N P f R R 6s. 101 — S P Er 6s.. 13"V _
Do Es — 107% S. V Water 6s. .112% —
N Cal Ry 6s..— ill I Do 4s ins 10314
Oak G L & H.l:>? — I Do 3d mtg...l01% —
Oak Tran 63.. 117 — Stocktn Gas fia — 102'i
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa.. 69% — Spring Valley. 96=«4 97
tonnii County. 51% —
GAS AND ELECTRIC STOCKS.
Cent G L Co.. — — IPac L Co 43 45
Cent L & P*Co — 47* Sac El G&RCo 33*. 35
Equit G L Co. 3% 3 V S F G & E.... 53% 54
Mutual El Co. — 11 San Francisco. 5 51'
O G L & II... — 50 Stkn G & E Co — 14
Pac Gas Imp.. 52 53
INSURANCE STOCKS.
Flrem's Fund. 223 —
BANK STOCKS.
Anglo-Cal Ltd 63 — Lon P & A. ...132V —
Bank of Cal... 409 — Merchants' Ex 15 —
Cal S D & T..105 — Nev Nat Bk... — _
First Xationl. -2S7%300
SAVINGS BANKS.
Ger S & L...1S.S0 1900 Sav & L So.... 74 _
Hum S * L.. — — Sec Sav Bk _
Mut Sav Bk... 4S% — 1 Union T Co — _
fc> f sav U 507 — I
STREET RAILROAD STOCKS.
California 123 — jOSL&H.... — 45
Geary-st — — I Presidio — 22'i
Market-st 67 67% *
POWDER STOCKS.
California — 162% Vigorit zu su.
Giant Con Co. — 86 1 " "
SUGAR STOCKS.
Hana S P Co.. 7% 8% Kilauea SP Co 21 23
Haw C & S Co 87 89 Makaweli S Co 44 44%
Honokaa S Co. 31 — Onomea S Co.. 28 23
Hutch S P Co. 25% 25% Paauhau S Co. 31 —
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Al Pack Assn. — . — Pac A F A 1%
Cal Fruit Assn 97 — Pac C Bor Co. 130 151%
Mer Ex Assn.. 97 100 Par Paint Co. 12 —
Oceanic S Co.. 93% 94
Morning Session.
Board —
25 Equitable Gas s 62%
-75 Honokaa Sugar Co 31 co
10 Market Street Railway 6725
$7000 Sacramento Elec Gas & Ry 5s 100 25
jyOOO Southern Pacific of Arizona Bonds.. Ill 37%
Street—
10O Honokaa Sugar Co 31 00
Afternoon Session.
Board —
20 Alaska Packers' Association 124 00
35 Honokaa. Sugar Co 31 00
10 Makaweli Sugar Co 44 25
25 S F Gas & Electric Co, b 10 54 00
, 10 S F Gas & Electric Co 51 00
5 S F Gas & Electric Co 53 S7%
$2000 Southern Pacific of Arizona Bonds.. Ill 37^2
135 Spring Valley Water 98 60
Street—
$1000 N P C R R 5s 107 00
20 S F Gas & Electric Co 54 <y>
500 Vlgorit Powder 3 3714
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
The Kilauea dividend will be paid to-day.
Stocks and bonds were very dull at un
changed prices.
There were moderate sales on the Oil Ex
change. »
The Oceanic Steamship Company has declared
a dividend of 50 cents per share, payable on
October 1.
The Morning Star Mining: Company of Placer
County has declared a dividend of $3 per share.
THE STOCK MARKET.
New York Grain and Produce.
ed considerably lower than the low point
touched on Saturday before the rally. The
difficulty of continuing the advance which was
felt yesterday and which was emphasized to
day prompted traders to take their profits and j
the two days' advance was wiped out. After j
the speculative holdings which had been bought 1
on Monday were dislodged, the market came j
to a pause and rallied slightly, but it was at- i
tacked &xain in the last hour and sold vigor
ously by tile bears, making the closing easy
and near to the low level of the day. As a re- |
£ult a long list of prominent railroad and mis- j
cellaneous stocks show net losses ranging from !
1 to 2 poir.ts. Tennessee Coal at one time was j
4 points down, closing with a net loss of 2*4, j
due to the heavy decrease in August surplus !
earnings. Tobacco suffered to the extent of |
2 l t- The announcement of advances in the
price of coal was an unfavorable factor in the
market.
The money market continued firm in tone
and call loans commanded 2 per cent at the
maximum. Although there was a slight re
action in sUrling exchange. Is Is thought
probable that further gold will go out. The j
fuh-Treasury paid further drafts to-day on i
gold deposited on the Pacific Coast and the
disbursement for pensions was also large.
Bonds which were active In the market were
weak. Total sales, par value. Jl.065.000. U. S. i
refunding Is, when issued, and the 5s, de- I
clined U in the bid price.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Stares Closing
Sold. Stocks— Bid.
5.7uu Atchison 264
li.Kiis Atchison jirefd 6S9»
T.4»U Baltimore Jk Ohio 6S 7 »
Canadian Pacific ST^ I
2V0 Canada Southern 4£ {
fcW Chera.p*ake & Ohio 27
410 Chicago Great Western 10%
14.&40 Chicago liurlington & Qulncy 121%
Chicago Ind & Louisville 22
Chicago Ind & Louisville prefd £3
Chicago 4: Eastern Illinois iHhi
Chicago & .Northwestern 159 1 * '¦
6.050 Chicago Rock Island &. Pacific lt4H \
2,500 C C C & St Louis SS j
Colorado Southern 5% [
Colorado Southern 1st prefd 3!J I
Colorado Southern 2d prefd 15 I
£24 l>claware & Hudson 107 I
1.&2U Delaware Lack & Western 171'i !
Denver & Rio Grande 18^, I
200 Denver 6c Rio Grande prefd 66 !
Erie lt>H !
120 Erie 1st prefd 22 1
100 Great Northern prefd 151*4 i
12i) Hocking Coal 13 j
Hocking Valley 31'i j
750 Illinois Central 115U 1
100 Iowa Central .- ,. IS I
Iowa Central prefd 43 I
150 Lake Erie A: Western 26
Lake Erie & Western prefd S24
Lake Shore 20j
2.810 Louisville & Nashville 70*i
4,o;o Manhattan L is" 1 *
S.OJO Metropolitan Street Railway 14S
725 Mexican Central 1C*»
2w Minneapolis & St Louis 53^, I
100 Minneapolis & St Louis prefd »2
4,420 Missouri Pacific 49^4
Mobile & Ohio 3o
3-">0 Missouri Kansas & Texas it I
E00 Missouri Kansas & Texas prefd 2s»i I
J>(jO New Jersey Central 12:t 1
2.245 New York Central 127% j
&45 Norfolk &. Western 32^
Norfolk & Western prefd : 74Vs I
6.2!.O Northern Pacific 50
6S3 Northern Pacific prefd 70
SUO Ontario & Western 19H
Oregon Railway & Nav... 42 |
Oregon Railway & Nav prefd 78 |
2.225 Pennsylvania 12«Vi i
100 Reading 15 1 * j
2.J20 Rending 1st prefd £4 |
U-0 Reading 2d prefd 25
Rio Grande Western £4
Rio Grande Western prefd 90
St Louis & San Fran, &%
140 St Louis & San Kran 1st prefd 63
St Louis & San Fran 2d prefd 32V«
370 Et Louis Southwestern ll^i
1,290 St Louis South western prefd 26H 1
i;,710 St Paul 111H j
St Paul prefd V3
Bt Paul & Omaha 110
B,S"O Southern Pacific 32
iOO Southern Railway 11
1,375 Southern Railway prefd 62 S » j
1.900 Texas & Pacific 14'i
17.56S fnion Pacific 54% j
1,43* Union Pacific prefd 72 1 * j
Wabash 6"i
12,251 Wabash prefd 17
630 Wheeling & Lake Erie SH !
6U0 Wheeling &. Lake Erie 2d prefd 23
145 Wisconsin Central 12
Third Avenue MSVi
Express Companies—
Adams 124
American 150
United States 45
Wells Fargo 12?
Miscellaneous— 4
UO American Cotton Oil 3Ui
K>0 American Cotton Oil prefd SS
100 American Malting- , 4'^
500 American Malting prefd 22 !
€00 Am Smelting & Pfenning 35Vi
US Am Smelting & Refining prefd S9»i
American Spirits l^s
American Spirits prefd 17
750 American Steel Hoop 18
300 American Steel Hood prefd I 65%
4,100 American Steel & Wire 32V4.
1.8SS American Steel & Wire prefd 73
&«> American Tin Plate 26<4
250 American Tin Plate prefd SO
1S,5'jO American Tobacco 67Vi
American Tobacco prefd 127
S00 Anaconda Mining Co 42Vi
27,000 Brooklyn Rapid Transit 6H4
410 Colorado Fuel & Iron 33
1,500 Continental Tobacco 24*i
570 Continental Tobacco prefd K\
4,150 Federal Steel 32
1,410 Federal Steel prefd 65
200 General Electric 137
Glucose Sugar 49\i
Glucoje Sugar prefd 98%
J.ef'O International Paper 17%
S75 International Paper prefd 63
1M) Laclede Gas 70
640 National Biscuit 32
jcational Biscuit prefd 85
200 National Lead 17%
National Lead prefd 90
800 National Steel 24»i
National Steel prefd S3
j New York Air Brake 124
North American 14%
Pacific Coast B4V4
Pacific Coast 1st prefd S5
200 Pacific Coast 2d prefd 64»i
500 Pacific Mail 28%
I0,i:o People's Gas 90H
220 Pressed Steel Car 1 37%
Pressed Steel Car prefd : 71%
Pullman Palace Car 1S5
2f>0 Standard Rope & Twine 4T4
25.620 Sugar 115%
100 Sugar prefd 114
I 11.070 Tennessee Coal & Iron 63%
i 1/7S5 United States Leather 10
*.C0 United States Leather prefd 66%
ZOO 1'nlted States Rubber 2?*i
i X'nited States Rubber preM 92
133 Western Union 79%
flO Republic Iron & Steel Co 11
! t Republic Iron & Steel Co prefd C3
! p c C & St Louis E4
! 2^9, WM Shares sold.
CLOSING BONDS.
' U S 2s refdjr. when Do 4s 91
issued reg 1M N Y Cent lsts 1CS»<
I>o coup 104% N J Cent gen 5s 122%
Do 3s rep 110 Northern Pac 3s... 65%
Do 3s coup 110 Do 4s 104%
IX) new 4s reR....134%;N Y C & St L 4s.. 107
Do new 4s coup..lS4%;N & \V con 4s 98
I>o old 4s reg 115 |Or r^av lets 109
Tto old 4s coup... 116 | Do 4s 102%
Do &s reg 113% Or Short Line 6s. .127
Do Is coup 113%! Do con 5s 114
Dis of Col 3.65s.... 152 I Reading On 4s.... 86%
Atchison gen 4s....l0UilR G W lsts 9S
Do adj 4s 634 (St L & I M con 5s.U2%
I Canada Sou 2ds 1^6 'S L & S F Gen 6s. 123
I Ches & Ohio 4 1 2S.. 9S?i'St Paul con 169%
Do It 120 St P C & P lsts.. ..117%
C & N con 7s 139 \i Do 5s 1191,4
Do S F Deb 56...12DV2 1 Southern Pac 4s... 7R'4
Chic Term 4s 92 (Southern Ry 5s 10S%
Colorado Sou 4s $2 |Stand R & T 6s 67
D & R G lsts 103Vi;Tex & Pac lsts. ...113%
Do 4s 99 1 D o2ds 55
; Erie Gen 4s 6S%!TJnion Pac 4s 104%
¦ F W & D C lsts... 73% Wabarh lsts 117%
! General Elec lsts. .119 J Do 2ds 101%
I Iowa Cent lfts 113^IWest Shore 4s 112%
I L & N Uni 4s 93% Wls Cent lsts S5%
j M K & T 2ds C5>iiVa Centuries £9%
MINING STOCKS.
1 Chollar 15 Ontario 6 75
' Crown Point- lOIOphlr 42
Con Ca! & Va.... 1 15 1 Plymouth 10
Deadwood 4» [Quicksilver 150
j Gould & Curry 20 j Do preJd 7 C3
Departure of the Newport.
The PaclSc Mail Company's steamer New
pert sailed yesterday for New York via Pan
t-rr.a. with a per.eral cargo valued at $33,332. J
rr.ar.i.'eftea as follows: For New York. S3L3S2. •
for Centra! America. $47,016: for Mexico, J13.7S4:
'r, r ?r»uth America. J12"0. The following were
the principal sliii'mpntB:
For <>r.tral America— 3 tar.ks ammonia. 1.
;kp? i^>^a^¦ eoo&l. 2 drums acid. Z crs bicycle*,
U rseia t.isrb«vl wire. 5 bdls brooms, 1200 rals
" e« bper, EMS Tt.F beans. 3*4 rs coal oil. 143
ca canned good* CM Mis cement. C9 tons coal,
W cs drupF. 12 cs dry £or><5s, ]0 cs drlea fnilt.
.'403 bfals flour, €7 a- fruit. :43 pkps proreries
end provision*. 2f>5 crs trar'.lo. M cs hardware.
; kj;s booertwld roods, 24.3H0 Tt>s ma'.t. 40 pkss
machinery. H2S r>!> lard, 3 rolls leather, 5t i
krgt vtalte lead. J?7 crs onions. 45 l>bls oil. i
: - ¦ crt potatoes, 30 cs paste, GO Mis paper. G ,
ce photo roods, I.:, flanks quicksilver, H> bxs {
. SS22 IT'S rice. 25 ktgs staples. 35 o<» i
EaJmon. 6 bdl» sp'.oe. en Dm suprar. 1007 cs j
h .-i: . r.« bbls tallow. 3 libls tar, 16.097 pals 4.> !
f!= vr'.nf. 9 cs vhi^ky. l!0 re»-ls wire, 2bW Tt>e }
r.as, SGO0 tbc fu'i hur. C4 crs railroad material. I
; . r?.s= powdfr. I
For Mnxlro— 7 cs arTr.* an 4 ammunition. t>2j j
1 ar rv.'.'.>, 1 tank ammonia, 9 rs cannt*i good?. ;
t> I bit cement. 14 Mis conia^e. " n en <x>al oii. I
14 rf dsutt-. Li CS dry Roods. 2 pkpi> electrical •
p ...:?. -42 »>l.'is flour, 100 os fruit. 2000 Tbs j
fertiliser. O ; i-es firecrackers. 2iS pkfs gro- j
ofries and provisions, 110 rkp* hardware. 2"> :
I kps BULChtaery, 3 k-^gs nails, fl(K) feet lumber, j
10 crs onions. ( hWs oakum. C6 crs i«otatoes.
f <-* paper. SSS R>s rice. 15 bxs raisins. 30 bbls ]
r"Sin, j" 1 c* salmon. 4 cs boots and shoes, 6
*¦•[:« horseshoes. 11 keps staples, 8W lbs soda.
M0S ga!s ( rs wiTie. S006 lbs jxm'der.
Ff>r South America—."** The hops. M bb'j
Ehrimpe, :r. rrs herbs, 100 bWs flour.
For New Vork— 99.281 Ka!s wine, 66.000 n>a
beans, t rs r<aint, r7.5'» Tbs se«»4, 15 tib'.s shells,
U bbU asi'h.-iltum. 6 os typewriters. 5 cs harj-
ViiTf, '..' tales rag«. 1" bales rubber.
Merchandise for Victoria.
The steamer Walla WaJ!% eaiW y«=*terday
tat Victoria with a general caxjfo valued at.
13.123. manifested as follov.s: For Victoria,
J1S.O44; for <"!;irapr>, J45I4; for Burlington, $S00;
for Cincinnati, M860. The following were the
; riadpaJ BblpmeBts:
]"' r Victoria— 44 cs arms a.r.d ammunition, 1
Anna add. Mfl cocoanuts. 10 sks beans, 10 j kffs
baskets. 176 cs poods. 1500 lbs coffee.
: j :5 n»s efceese, "i< (dess <"hlr.ese provisions, 25
cs candles. 1T56 i'kks dried fruit, 3 cs dry
Koods. Z pkK> ''lpctrical poods, 2. r .6 ITis dried
fruit. SGOO fir^ br'.r ks. 22.t>"0 lbs fire clay, 1300
I! I pinpfr. 2312 Tbf plucose. 7 pkps groceneji
end frovisions. 143 r kgs hardware. 23 cs honey,
•47 rkps ; rnT i an) j F t^el. 4 rolls leather. 1S90 rt>s
lard. (COS Tbs sheot lead. : cs marble, I0.8S lbs
malt, KH Tbs millstuffs, 4 cs metal polish. i>0 j
t:r,s matches. 20 crs onions. IDS pkps paste, 'i \
cf> rhoncjrraph jtockIs, 10 bbls pickles. 69 cs
oil. US MXs paper. 1T2 bxs raisins, 1400 Tba |
fiipar. 22Z~ tlx starch. 4S2 Tte soda, 417 lbs Z j
rrs tobacco, ~Z°>% TliS tin, 12 crs vegetables, Cli 1
talF 10 cs wine, 2 pkgs wagon matt-rial, 2
r»els wire.
The Business Situation.
The N»w Tcrk circular of Henry Clews save:
"While prices and profits on manufactured
artick-s are lower than a year ago there is a
welcome abatement of that feverish activity
In 1S$$, whir-h. If long continued, would have
purely precipitated a. serious rea.ction of some
t-ort. with all the attendant evils of shut
downs, r^du^f'l waxes, etc. That Ruch a
calamity has been averted is cc-rtainly good
r*-abon for congratulation. In place of a sud-
ci-n collapse we have had a gradual decline
In prlci s and moderate curtailment of produc
tion, bo conductfJ as to re-estab'ish rather
than destroy confidence. BradstreefB price in
dex ftrure touched its hlphest on Februarj' 1.
when It stood at S3. 107. Since th<>n there has
tK?en a. continuous decline, thouph lately very
slow, until on September 1 the figure was 86. £81;
a decline of 6.526 points. On September l. ISM.
the index figure was 84.784. n that prices in
treneraJ are scarcely 2 pcir.ts higher than a
year atro. Should business revive, as now
Ff-ems likely, it is questionable if the down
ward movement will go any further, paving
where prices in some few instances are eiiii
comparatively high.
•'Another very satisfactory Indication cf busi
ness conditions Is the clearing-house returns
from ell parts of the country, except the finan
cial centers., such as New York, Boston, Phila
delphia. «c, where, for reasons well known,
the returns show a decrease. For Instance,
during the ei^ht months ending August 31 the
cities included in the Middle West showed a
pain ovrr laFt year amounting to 6.4 per cent;
the West proper a gain of 1S.06: the South a
#rain of U.S. and the J'acific States a pain of
31.7 jw prat. Those figures very plainly demon
strate that the late wave of depression hats
been mainly conHu^i to the East— the section,
it may be noted, which chiefly felt the effects
of the sil\-er eampsicn four years apo. It is
elso evident that the agricultural sect ions cf
the country, vrxyrx which our national pros
pertty ha;- always depended, have held their
lmprovpmrr.t betfr than the industrial or
financial fenters at the Bast, which have Buf
fered fr&m fcisrh prices and excessive produc
tion of both cr.rr.moditles and securities. Vast
quantities of industrials have been put upon
the stock market, to say nothing cf the rail
r"ad bonds and t-tocks which Europe has sent
Ijack on rise; so that the wonder Is the
r.f-pression '.n the f.nanciaJ markets has not
been much preater. Very evidently ioir,e goo<I
judges cf the situation have confidence in th«
future, and this confidence is unquestionably
baaed upon the sound condition of general
business."
Weatlter Report.
flT'Hh Meridian— Pacific Time.) •
SAN" FRANCISCO. Sept. 19—5 p. m.
The fo'.lowing are the eeasonal rainfalls to
«fte, es compared with those of same date
last spason, and rainfall in the past twenty
fcur hours:
Past This Last
Stations— 24 Hours. Season. Season.
g""** -Z 27 1.16
Red Bluff 23 .C2
SMramer.to .Og fj 2
San Francisco .46 Trace
Fresno ,1«
Independence .7g 07
Far. Luis OblEpo Trace
!>* Ar.gcles Traee *!oi
Fan I>:r-^o Trace .07
San francieco <Jata: Maximum temperature
7C; minimum, 1%; mean, 67.
'-Father conditions and general,
FOIiECAST.
The pressure has fallen over the Pacific tlope
*x<-ept along the immediate coagt. where It has
ri^n. The pmssra is highest off the Northern
California coast and lowest In Southwestern
.Arizona.
The temperature has fallen over the western
portions of Washington and Oregon and in the
upper Sacramento Valley; elsewhere on the
1'aciflc flope it has risen.
The wraihf-r is cloudy from Capo Mendocino
er.d the uj.jier portion of the Sarrarr.»nto Val
ley northward: elsewhere it is generally clear
L,:pht frhowers are reported from the western
pcttiODS of Washlngto:! and Oregon.
Forecast rr.artp st San Francisco for thirty
Y< on f-nding midnight, September 20. 1900:
Northern California — Partly cloudy in north
portion. faJr in south portion Thursday; fresh
Rsrtfcwest wind.
Fruthrrn California— Fair Thursday; light
V.vft wind.
Nfvadp.— Partly cloudy, probably showers in
north portion Thursday.
I'tah— Fair, warmer Thursday.
Arizona— Fair Thursday.
San Francisco and vicinity— Partly cloudy in
lie morr.ir.g. becoming clear during the day;
fc-esh wr-it wind. O. II. WILI^SOX.
Ix>ca! Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
Nexv York Stock Market.
NEW YORK, Pept. 19.— Quite severe inroads
were mad> in priors before tracing stopped on
the exchange to-day and & level waa establish-
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Silver Jozvcr. Exchange as before.
Wheat futures firmer and Barley futures weaker.
Rather more demand for Oafs. Corn and Rye quiet
Bran and Middlings firm. Hay reported steadier.
Beans and Seeds quiet and unchanged.
Potatoes and Vegetables stUl plentiful.
Butter firm, Eggs moving off better and Cheese quiet
Poultry in large supply. Sound Game firm.
Apples weak under larger receipts.
Dried Fruit moving off fairly.
Xo change in Provisions.
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
WEDNESDAY, Sept. 19—4 p. m.
Did. Ask. I Bid. Ask.
Alpha 04 C5,Justice 07 m
Alta 02 03 Kentuck — 01
Andes 06 07 Lady Wash — C3
Belcher 20 21* Mexican 27 :s
Best & Belcher "S 27 Occidental 07 d
Bullion C2 04 Ophlr 45 4i5
Caledonia 45 45 Overman 11 12
Chollar 13 20 Potosl IS 19
Challenge Con. 27 2S Savage 15 IS
Confidence 87 ft) (Scorpion 04 —
Con fa! & Va..l 10 1 15 Set: Belcher 02 63
Con Imperial... 01 CJ. Sierra Nevada. 23 -v>
Con New York. — 01' Silver Hill 36 .;?
Crown Point... 13 U St Louis — 1-
Eureka Con — 4". Standard 4 10 4 2",
Exchequer 01 f?; Syndicate — 67
Gould 6i Curry. 33 3.V Union Con 16 1^
¦ilale & Nor SO 2lll'tah f>5 M
Julia 03 l'l| Yellow Jacket.. 23 21
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Gilbert P. CT.ase to Joseph H. Rosenberg.
lot on NW line ct Arlington street, ISO XU
of Mafeo. NE 2.'. by NW 10). lot 24, Henariea
subdivision block 9. Falrmount: $10.
San Francisco ami Fresno Lan<l Company
to Henry V. Bliinehrt Jr.. lot on NE line or
Thirty-nfth avenue. 7."> NW of L street, NW
2l3:i, E 2b3:3, SW 30:3, lot 2, block 4j, I'aul
Trad; 111
William Alvord (trustee) to same. same. qu!t
clKim deod; S10. ,
Clara IC McDonald to Henry J. Olsen. lots
1. 2. 23 and 24. block IT. Lakeview; $10.
Jullen and Ettle Smith to Walter S. Thome,
lot on S line of Pacific street, 170:6 W of
Buchanan, W 27 by S 117; $10.
Philip and Era MO to Alfred Wartenweilfr.
lot on N line of Washington street, 56:3 \V
of Baker, W 23 by N ICMfc: 110.
Sarah A. McClintock to David Newel:, lot
on E line of Guerrero street. 100 N of Thlr
teerlh. N 23 by E SO; $34(0.
Henry A. Redmond to Samuel E. Redmond,
undivided one-fifth interest in lot on N Una
of Twenty-first street, 2S0 W of Sanch?z, w
25 by N 114; $100.
Kstate Orville M. Colburn (by David S. an 1
O. SI. Colburn, executors) and O. M. Coiburn
(surviving trustee estate of Charles E. Co*.
>burn) to E. D. Colburn. lot on W line of Dia
mond street, 1S5 N of Twenty-second. N 25
by W 115:9; also lot on N line of Hill street
130 W of Sanchez. W 25 by N 115; $100.
Jacob and Lina Heyman (by Oscar Heyman,
attorney) to James Bums, lot on S lln» of
Duncan street. 101:10 E of Douaiass. E 32:3%
by S 114: $10.
James de In Montanya to D. S. Dora (trust*
Lorraino de la Montanya. daughter) and Jac
ques de la Montanya (son), lot on N line cf
Clay street. 321:S E of Drumm. E 100:7 by N
115: also let on SW corner of Fifteenth "ani
Point Lobos avenues, S 175:3, W 31, NvV 177: i,
E 117; also property outside county, trust deed;
$10.
Baron D. Merchant to United States Ft<J?Iity
and Guaranty Company, lot on SE corner .>f
California and Kearny streets, E 25 by S SO; Jl.
Teresa M. Boeoa. to Vincpnzo and Antonio
Boeta. lot on N* V.ne of Vallejo street. 115:6 E
of Dupont. E 'Jl by N 60. with reservations; J"i.
Isabella E. Sanderson iliiordan) and Mary K.
and Joseph H. Itlonlan to Thomas D. Riordan.
lot on S line of Sutler street. 1^5 E of Stockton.
E 25 by .S T<>; also Irt on E lin>» Of Jones street,
104:6 S of lli.ish. S 33 by E 60; $10.
William W. Sandersun to same, same (two
pieces), quitclaim deed; $13.
Kate A. Mahoney (Turk> to Nellie Hurley, lot
on E line of Taylor street. 112:6 S of Geary, S
25 fcy E S7:S; $10.
John and Harriet Wlgmors to E. A. Selfrldg*.
lot on N corner, of Howard and Spear streets.
NE 45:10. NW 137 A. NE 91:8. NW S1:S, SW 77:S.
SE <Z:V). SW 60. SP: 1SJ:4: U&
Ooleman and Ann Stevens or Stephens to
Mary E. Urady (wife of Hugh J.) and John R.
Stevens, lot on NW line of Branr.an street, 12j
NE of Sixth, NE 25 by NW 110; Rift.
- Frederick W. Maefarlane to Union Feed Com
pany Ltd. (a corporation), lot on SW corner e<
Fifth and Berry streets. SW «1:8 by SE 275.
quitclaim deed; ?1.
Catherine Kenney to Cornelius Ryan, lot on
NE corner of Eighth street, 23 SE of Minna.
SE 23 by NE 6S: $10.
Denis Ha!loran to John K»rr. lot on E lir.*
of Rhode I.= land street. 223 S of Nevada, S 25
by E 100; ?10.
It. A. and Winifred A. Perry to Georgl? S.
Talcott. lot 24; block E, lot 29. block 2. Lake
view; $10.
Builders* Contracts.
J. S. Myrs (owner) with C. M. MacGregr.r
(contractor), architect Leo L. Nichols — All
work for a two-story frame building on E lin~
of Bella Vista avenue, 121.59 NE of Twenty
elghtW street. NE on a curve to the rijrht with
a radius of 153 f>>et Sl.«. th°nce E 13*. SW 73 3.
W 155 to beerinnlne. block B, Bella Vista Park.
East Oakland; S35C0.
NEW YORK, Sept. 19.— Money on call firmer
at 1%@2 per cent; last loan 1% per cent; prime
mercantile paper 4%®5 per cent. Sterling ex
change eaeler, with actual business In bank
er;-' bills at $4 87<ij4 S7% for demand and at
J4 i>34@4 &3% for sixty days; posted rates, $4 84®
4 84% and *4 SS; commercial bills J4 S2<ff4 83.
Sliver certificates, €2%G$3\c. Bar silver 62%c
Mexican dollars, 49»ic Government bonds wenk;
State bonds inactive; railroad bonds irregular.
Nezu York Money Market.
LONDON. Sept. 19.— Atchison, 27%: Canadian
Pacific. 90%; Union Pacific preferred. 74W.;
Northern Pacific preferred. 72%; Grand Trunk.
6*;; Anaconda. 8"*. Bar silver, steady, 23 13-16d
per ounce. Money, 2% per cent.
CLOSING
NEW YORK, Sept. 19.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
The markets here were absolutely stagnant to
day. Americans remained about parity
throughout the session. One of the most im
portant arbitrage houses reports that its total
business for the day was 200 shares. Paris was
weak. Money was steady. Silver was firm on
Indian buying.
London Market.
Hale & Nrocross.. 17 Sierra Nevada 25
Homestake 50 00 Standard 4 20
Iron Sliver 65[Union Con 14
Me *'can 24 1 Yellow Jacket .... 18
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— i Union Pacific 54%
Call loans 2%@3 jWest End 91%
Time Loans 4 feM^iWestingh «Elec 47%
Stocks— \\x\ s Cent 12
A T &l St Fe 26 I Bonds—
Do orefd 6S%'Atchlson 4s 99
Amer Sugar 115WN E G & Coke 5s. 59
Do prefd 115 Minlns Shares-
Bell Tel 140 (Adventure 3%
Boston & Albany. 245 Amal Copper 87
Boston L 147% -Atlantic 22%
Boston & Maine 18S% Boston & Mont 312
Chi Bur &. Q 121 »; Butte & Boston .. 58
Dominion Coal ... 38 Calumet & Hecla..745
Do prefd 110 'Centennial 15
Fed Steel 31% Franklin 13
Do prefd 65** Humboldt 25
Fitchburg prefd ..135'i Osceola 64%
Gen Electric 137% Parrot 40%,
Do prefd 139% Qulncy 145
Ed Elec 111 21% Santa Fe Copper.. 41%
Mexican Cent 10%>Tamarack 236
Mich Tel 85 ]Utah Mining 29>4
N E Gas & Coke. 10%|Winona 2%
Old Colony 203 Wolverines 39
Old Dominion 17
CURED MEATS— Bacon, lie per lb for
heavy. ll%c for light medium. 13c for light, 13%c
for extra light and 15%c for sugar-cured; East
ern sugar-cured Hams, 12%c; Mess Beef, J12 per
bbl; extra Mess, $13; Family. J14; extra Prime
Pork. $15 50; extra clear, $19; JVIess, $16 50;
Smoked Beef, 12%®13c per lb.
LARD — Tierces quoted ct 7c ner lb for com
pound and 9V4c for pure: half-barrels, pure,
9%c; 10-lb tins. 10c; 5-Ib tins. 10%c.
COTTOLENE-One-half barrel, S%c; three
half-barrels, S&c; one tierce, 8%c; two tierce*,
S%c; five tierces. 8%c per lb.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
HIDES AXD SKINS— Culls and brands eell
about lo under Quotations. Heavy salted
Provisions.
FRUITS— Prunes, Santa Claras, 4 sizes, 3c;
40-BOs. 7c: 60-608. 5Vic; 60-70s. 3?ic; 70-80s, 3Hc;
80-908. 2^c; 90-100s, 2Hc; 100s and over, 2c;
rubles, %c premium; Sonomas, He and San
Joaquirs 'Ac less than Santa Claras, except 100s
and over, which stand the same. Apricots, 5<g8c
for Royals and 10tf?llV4c for Moorparks; Evap
orated Apples, 5{T6c; sun-dried. 3@4c: Peaches.
5R5%c for standard. 6®G%c for choice and 7@Sc
for fancy; Pears. 3<S"c; Plums, pitted, 5@6c:
unpitted. l@l%c; Nectarines, 5(ft5V4c for red and
5WQ.tc for white.
RAISINS— Bleached Thompson's fancy, per
lb, 10c; choice, 9c; standard, Sc; prime, 6c; un
bleached Thompson's per lb. 6c. Sultanas —
Fancy, per lb, 8%c; choice, 7%c; standard, 6V4c;
prime, 6c; unbleached Sultanas, 5c; Seedless,
60-lb boxes, 6c; 2-crown loose Muscatels. 6^c;
3-crown, C»ic: 4-crown. 7c: London Layers. 2
crown. Jl 50 per box; 3-crown, Jl 60; Fancy
Clusters, J2; Dehesa, J2 50; Imperial, J3. All
prices f. o. b. at common shipping points in
California.
NUTS— Walnuts. No. 1 softshell, 13o; No. 2.
8c; No. 1 hardshell. 9%c; No. 2, 7%c; Almonds.
12f*13%c for paper, shell. 9%©10c for Eastern
and 5@Cc for California; Brazil Nuts, ll@12%c;
Filberts, 12@13c; Pecans, llglSc; Cocoanuts,
$3 EQflo.
HONEY— Comb. 13%@14%c for bright and 12%
©13c for light amber; water white, extracted.
7%<&sc; light amber extracted, 7@7%c; dark, 6
<jJ6%c per lb.
BEESWAX-24@26c per lb.
There is nothing new to report In anything,
the market being quiet, though goods are mov
ing out all the time.
There is very little new to report in this mar
ket. Everything Is in good supply except
Blackberries, which seem to be disappearing.
Apples are coming in heavily again, and are
much weaker. Pears and Peaches continue
plentiful and easy. German Prunes bring the
top Quotation without difficulty.
Cornlchon Grapes brought 75c per crate.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS
APPLES — 25iff50c per box for common . and
60cQ'Jl for good to choice.
PEARS— Bartlett, 60c<§$1 25 per box; other va
rieties. 25(9600 per box.
QUINCES— 25(fT50c per box.
CRANBERRIES— Coos Bay, 12 50 per box.
STRAWBERRIES— J2 5C@5 per chest for large
and $507 for small berries.
BLACKBERRIES— None in.
RASPBERRIES— JJ 50@5 per chest.
HUCKLEBERRIES- 5@8c per lb.
FIGS — 25@65c for double layer boxes.
POMEGRANATES-5O075C per small box.
PLUMS— 25@30c per box and 50@75c per crate.
PEACHES— 25<g 50c per box.
GRAPES — Muscat. 40<g6Oc t>er crate: black. 40
@60c; Tokay. 40@60c; Isabella, 50@Coc; Wine
Grapes, J15®1S for white and J20(jj25 per ton
for Zlnfandel.
MELONS— Nutmegs, 23@65c per case; Canta
loupes, 75c(3$l 25 per crate: Watermelons, J6@
18, with extra large at J20@25 per 100.
¦ CITRUS FRUITS— Seedling Oranges, fl(gl 50;
Lemons, $1 25@2 for common and $2 50*33 for
good to choice; Mexican Limes, $5 50; Ba
nanas, $1 50@2 50 per bunch; Pineapples, $1 60(0
3 50 per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
The firmness in Butter continues, and the
tendency Is still upward. Cheese has not
changed for a long time. Eggs are steady, and
the demand seems to be picking up again.
Stocks are not large.
BUTTER—
Creamery— Fancy Creamery, 25%@26Hc; Sec
onds, 24525c.
Dairy— Fancy. 23VWJ24c; good to choice, 22@
23c; common. 17%® 21c
Creamery tub— 20®22%c per lb.
Flckled roll— 19Q21C.
FIrkln-lS@19c.
CHEESE— New, 9®10c: old, 8®S%c; Young
America, l(kS10%c; Eastern, 13%@14c; Western,
10({i 12c per lb.
EGGS— Quoted at 17%®22%c for store and 27^
@32%.c per dozen for ranch; Eastern. 18ij22Vie.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
GAME— English Snipe,- $t 50<Jj2; Doves, ToiJfSoc
per dozen; Cottontail Rabbits, Jl 23; Brush
Rabbits. 75c@Jl; Hare. 50c@Jl; Grouse, J7@8;
Sage Hens, Jl 50®2; Mountain Quail, J2 50@3
per dozen.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys. 10(Tri2c for Gobblers
and 11® 13c for Hens; Young Turkeys. 14®17c:
Geese per pair. Jl 25@1 50; Goslings, Jl 50^1 75-
Ducke, $3®4 for old and $3 50® 4 50 for young:
Hens, $3 60@5; Young Roosters, $4@4 60; Old
Roosters. J3 50®4 50; Fryers, $3@3 50; Broilers.
J3@3 50 for large and J2S2 50 for small; Pigeons.
Sl'iil 25 per dozen for old and Jl 75@2 for
Squabs.
Hares sold lower yesterday, as a good deal
of stock got flyblown and had to be dumped.
Other Game waa steady.
Poultry and Game.
The Poultry market Is liberally supplied and
dull at the low prices. Two cars Eastern came
in. makir.s five thus far this week.
VEGETABLES^Green Corn. 7Sc<J?Jl per sack
and Jl@l 25 per crate; Green Peas. 1%@2%c per
lb: String Beans. l(&2c; Lima*. l 1 i@2',ic per lb:
Cabbage, 40<Q50c; Tomatoes. Bay, 30i§D0c: Egg
Plant, 25(@40c per box; Green Okra, 25®40o;
Green Peppers, 30©40c per box for Chill and 30
(g^Oc for Bell: Dried Peppers, 10@15c; Carrots,
25@35c per sack; Summer Squash, 23@40c for
Alameda: Cucumbers, 25040c for Alampda;
Pickles, Jl@l 25 per ctl for No. 1 and 50S7">c
for No. 2; Garlic, 3c per lb; Marrowfat Squash,
$S@10 per ton.
POTATOES— Early Rose. 25@30c; Burbanks.
45^-COc for Rivers and 75cS$l 06 per ctl for Sa
linas: Sweets, 73c for Rivera and Jl 25(2*1 40
for Merced. /
ONIONS— &5065C r>er ctl; Pickle Onlona, 50
060c.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
The market is well supplied with Sweet Po
tatoes and prices are easy. Other Potatoes
show no particular change. Onions are steady
at the low prices. Tomatoes are firm, with
lighter stocks. Corn Is coming in wormy.
8EEDS — Brown Mustard. 3%'S4c; Yellow
Mustard. 4%@Rc; Flax. $202 CO; Canary, 3Vic
per lb for California and 4c for Eastern: Al
falfa, nominal; Rape, 2V£<g3c; Hemp, 4@4V4c;
Timothy, 4<5?4%c.
DRIED PEAR— Niles, Jl 23®1 75; Green, Jl E0
@2 05 per ctl; Blackeye. ¥1 50.
BEANS— Baycs. $2 40@2 50; Small White. $4;
Large White, J2 50@2 65; Pink, J2 25@2 E0; Red,
J3 25; Blackeye, J3 25; Lima. J5 15®5 25; Pea,
none here; Red Kidneys, J3 2j<S3 50.
Large White Beana are slow about coming
in, and the market for all kinds is dull.
Beans and Seeds.
HAY — Volunteer. JJ 5007: Wheat, J10Q12;
Wheat and Oat, J9 50011 60; Oat, JSglO; Clover,
$1^6; Alfalfa, $5@7 50; Barley, $6 50@8 50 per
ton..
STRAW— 30@37%c per bale.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. J16S17 50 per
ten; Oilcake Meal at the mill. J26@27; jobbing,
$17 60028; Cocoanut Cake. $20^21; Corn Meal.
$26#27: Cracked Corn. $26 50<&27 50; Mixed Feed,
J13 50©14.
Bran and Middlings are firm at the advance.
Hay is reported steadier, as stocks are less
excessive, though prices stand the same.,
BRAN— J14 50@16 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— J17(g21 per ton.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour. J3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour. J2 75; Rye
Meal. J2 50; Rice Flour, J7; Corn Meal, J2 75;
extra cream do, J3 50; Oat Groats, J4 50; Hom
iny, $3 50@3 75; Buckwheat Flour, $4^4 25;
Cracked Wheat, $3 50; Farina, $4 50; Whole
Wheat Flour, J3 25; Rolled Oata (barrels), J6@
7 25; in sacks, J5 75®7; Pearl Barley, J5; Split
Peas, J5; Green Peas, J5 50 per 100 lbs.
FLOUR— California Family Extras. J3 60@
3 75, usual terms; Bakers' Extras, $3 40^3 50;
Oregon and Washington, $2 73@3 10 per barrel
for family and J3 15@3 50 for bakers' ; Eastern,
J4 75S5 75 per barrel.
Flour and Millstuffs.
ctls. Jl 10*4; 2000. Jl 10U ;' May— 14.000, Jl 16%;
12,000. $1 16%.
Second Session— December— 2C00 ctls, $1 w%;
14.CO0. $1 09%: May— 2C0O, $1 16.
Regular Morning Session— December— 32.000
ctl.s. Jl 10%; May— 4000. Jl 16%; 2000, |1 16Vi- !
Afternoon Session— December— 1S.C0O ctls,
$1 10V4: Mny-SOOO, $1 1C%.
EARLEY— Futures and Epot Feed were both
off again and dulL Buyers were scarce.
Feed, 70<g72Uc for No. 1 and 65®G7Hc for off
grades: Brewing and Shipping grades, 77%®
S2%c; Chevalier, nominal.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session — No sales.
Second Session — December — S0O0 ctls, 72 1 ,4c
Regular Morning Session — No sales.
Afternoon Session — No sales.
OATS— Business was a little better again yes
terday, at unchanged quotations. Offerings
continue large.
White. Jl 15@1 30; Surprise. Jl 35@1 40; Red.
$1 10@l 20; Gray, Jl 10® 1 20: Black, for feed,
$1 lOUfrl 15; for seed. $1 15@1 20 per ctl.
CORN— Arrival of COO ctls Eastern, nomin
ally quoted at about Jl 20 per ctl.
' RYE— &7*4«f/Mc per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— Nominal.
LONDON. Sept. 19.— Consols, 98%@98 7-16d;
Silver. 2S%d; French Rentes. lOOf 10c®l00f 6c;
wheat cargoes on passage, firm, but not active;
No. 1 standard California, 32s; Walla Walla, 30s
3d; English country markets, firm.
LIVERPOOL, Sept. 19.— WHEAT— firm; No. 1
standard California, 6s S^d®«s 6d; wheat In
Paris, quiet; French country markets, quiet;
weather In England, part cloudy.
. COTTON— Uplands. 6 29-32d.
CLOSING.
WHEAT— Spot, firm; No. 2 red Western win
ter, 6s 2%d; No. 1 Northern spring, 6s 5Hd; No.
1 California, 6s oV4d^s 6d. Futures— Steady;
September. 6s 2%d; December. 6s 4Hd.
CORN— Spot American mixed new, quiet, 4a
4%d. Futures — Steady; October. 4s 3ftd; No
vember, 4& 2?id; December, 4s 2ftd. ¦
*
LOCAL MARKETS.
Foreign Markets.
Northern Wheat Market.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, Sept. 19.— Wheat steady and un
changed, blue stem, 60c; club, 67c; both for
export.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, Sept. 19.— The local wheat mar
ket Is showing more strength than has been ap
parent for several days. Walla Walla waa
quoted to-day at 57%c; Valley Is not offering in
sufficient quantities to meet the demands of
the. mlllere, and from present indications there
will be little or nothing of this grade shipped
foreign. Quotations are steady at 60@61c, with,
blue 6tem steady at eOiQ^lc.
Cleared: Ship Jupiter for Queenstown with
95,052 bushels wheat.
PORTLAND, Or., Sept. 19. — Clearings, $328.
579; balances, $4S,453.
Portland's Business.
NEW YORK, Sept. 19.— The local cotton trade
again manifested little sympathy In the efforts
of the foreign bulls to create a fresh specu
lative enthusiasm on the long Bide and In re
eponse to firm cables our market easily moved
up 1 to 10 points on the call. The advance waa
followed by a sharp turn, and a subsequent
rapid decline which carried prices off IS to 28
poir.ts from the opening bids. Shortly after
midday the market changed completely and
prices worked steadily upward. Speculation be
came less active as the session progressed and
gradually narrowed to professional operations.
The market was finally very steady with prices
3 to 5 points net lower. . .
J16 75®17.
LEAD— Ruled dull and closed at J4 37^. whllo
spelter exhibited some steadiness at $4 10JJ4 15,
the prevailing rates. The brokers' price for
lead was $4, and for copper $16 75017.
. New York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK. Sept. 19.— Tin continues its
downward course, owing to the irregularity
and weakness abroad. To-day's market wound
up with prices below last night's close, with
sellers on the basis of J28 60 and very weak In
tone, the rest of the list developing little if
any new features.
PIGIRON— Warrants closed very dull at J9 37V4
@10 37%.
LAKE COPPER— Quiet at unchanged prices.
New York Metal Market.
Cotton Reporter will say to-morrow:
While there have been more manufacturers
represented in the' wool market the past week,
the volume of trade has been again small. Con
sumers are evidently not yet ready to lay in
any large line- of wool, but they are closely
watching the situation and some of them are
taking sample bags which, It Is hoped, will
develop into some fair sized sales before long.
The wool traders as a whole are not making
concessions to amount to anything, as most of
these who have been holding their wool until
the present time are generally determined to
continue to hold until after the election. Prices
on the whole may be quoted steady, general ex
pectation In the trade being that there is not
likely to be much more of a decline here.
Sales of the week In Boeton amounted to 1,650,
000 pounds domestic and 65,500 pounds foreign,
making a total of 1,705.600 pounds, against a
total of 1,455.000 pounds for the previous week
and a total of 9.152,000 pounds for the cor
responding week last year. Sales since Janu
ary 1 amounted to 94,646,500 pounds, against
I0&.043, 100 pounds for the corresponding time
last year.
BOSTON, Sept. 19.— The American Wool and
Boston Wool Market.
NEW YORK. Sept. 19.— The Earl Fruit Com
pany sold California fruit at auction to-day and
realize! the following prices: Grapes— Tokays,
single crates, 80c@Sl 60, average $1 13; Muscats,
single crates, average 70c; Malagas, single
crates, SOc@$l. average 90c; Clusters, single
crates, average Jl 50. Pears — Bartletts, boxes,
90c@J2 S5, average $1 90; Bartlett's, half boxes,
50c@$l 25, average Jl 04; Beurre Hardy, boxes,
hOcSil 10, average 95c; Beurre Clalrgeau, boxes,
70c<ff$2, average $1 SS. Peaches— Salways, boxes,
35® 75c, average 63c; George Late, boxes, 50@70c.
average 62c; Levi Cling, boxes, 30@S5c. average
C2c; Lemon Cling, boxes, 40@S5c, average 75c;
Ames Late Free, boxes, 75<g'S0c. average 76c;
Strawberry Cling, boxes, 65(1 65c, average 65c:
Yellow Cling, boxes, average 75c. Prunes —
Germans, single crates, S6@95c, average 90c:
Silver, single crates, 606 60c, average 65c.
Twelve cars sold to-day. Weather dry, favor
able. " -
Porter Bros. Company sold California fruit
to-day: Grapes— Muscats, Jl 5O@2 35 per single
crate and $4 for clusters; Tokays, $3 15 per dou
ble crate, $1 10@l 50 per Blngle crate and clus
ters. $133; Morocco, $2 30@2 60, Bingle crate;
Cornichons, Jl 60. Pears— Doy du Cornice, $1 65
@1 75, half box; Bartletts, 85c. Peaches—Sal
ways, 50®90c; George's Late, 75c. Plums— Coe's
Golden Red, 65c.
CHICAGO, Sept. 19.— The Earl Fruit Company
realized the following prices for California fruit
sold at auction to-day: Grapes— Tokays, single
crates. 65cS$l 25, average 99c; Malagas, single
crates, Jl 10@l 20, average Jl IS; Clusters, sin
gle crates, $1 50@l 60, average Jl 52. Pears—
Beurre Hardy, boxes, Jl 15@1 65, average Jl 53.
Peaches— Elbertas, boxes, 40@60c, average 45c.
Plums— Golden Drops, single crates, average
70c. Prunes— Italians, single crates, 65<g'S0c, av
erage 7oc; Silver, single crates, 40@S5c. average
73c. Weather cool. Nine cars eold to-day. .
CHICAGO, Sept. 19.— Porter Bros. Company
sold California fruit to-day: Grapes— Tokays,
?2 30 double crate and 65c@$l 40 single crate;
clusters, 90c(?$l 65; Morocco, $1 65, single crate;
assorted, $1 15(31 50: Muscats. 70c@$l SO. Pears—
Bartletts, Jl 30!g2 25 box and 75ciSJl 15 half box.
Peaches— Salways, 30<j?7Oc; White Heath, 35c.
GLASGOW, Sept. 19.— The Earl Fruit Com
pany's sales of California fruit sold at auction
to-day" are as follows: Pears— Duchess, two
fifths boxes, average Jl; Beurre Hardy, two-,
fifths boxes, Jl 15@1 25; Howell, two-fifths
boxes, average Jl 25; Eureka, two-fifths boxes.
average Jl 12; Superb, two-fifths boxes, aver
age Jl. Plums— Kelsey Japans, single crates,
Jl 7n©r2; Golden Drop, single crates, Jl 25® 1 50.
BOSTON. Sept. 19.— The Earl Fruit Company
realized the following prices for California fruit
sold at auction to-day: » Grapes— Tokays, single
crates. 75c@$l 45, average 96c: Tokays, double
crates, J2S2 70, average 12 12; Muscats, single
crates, average S5c. Peaches— Salwaya, boxes.
25@70c, average 55c: Crimson Beauty, boxes. 40@
1 43c, average 43c. Four cars sold to-day. Weath
er wet and unfavorable.
PHILADELPHIA, Sept. 19.— The Earl Fruit
Company sold California fruit at auction to-day,
realizing the following prices: Grapes—Mus
cats, single crates. J2 2O@4, average J2 53; To
kays, single crates. Jl 05i9'2 10, average Jl 35.
Dry, favorable weather. One car eold to-day.
P1TTSBURG, Sept. 19.— The Earl Fruit Com
pany's sales of California fruit at auction to
day are as follows: Grapes— Tokays, single
crates, Jligl 35. average Jl 03; Tokays, double
crates, average Jl 80. Pears— Bartletts, boxes,
average $1 25. Peaches— Salways, boxes, 63@
75c, average 70c One car sold to-day.
California' Fruit Sales.
Choice light and medium steers, steady, others
6@10c lower. Western steers slow, feeders 10c
lower. Natives, good to prime steers, $5 50®
5 90; poor to medium. J4 50^5 40: selected feed
ers, steady, at J3 S5@4 65: mixed stockers. J2 7a
SJ3 65; cows. $2 75^4 40: heifers, *3@5; canners.
J2 25@2 75: bulls, $2 85@4 60; calves, steady, at
$4fi6 60. Texas fed steers, *4 40@5 15; grassers,
53 50(^4 20; bulls, $2 73«S3 50.
HOGS — Receipts to-day, 26,000; to-morrow,
15,000; left over, 3000. Strong to Be higher. Top.
*5 62!4; mixed and butchers, $5 15@5 57V4 : good
to choice heavy, $5 10*?5 52V4 ; rough heavy, $4 90
©5 05; light, $5 25iga62'4- bulk of sales, $5 20®
5 45. ¦ •»<-..
SHEEP— Receipts, 22.0OO. Sheep, steady;
Iambs. 15®'23c lower. Good to choice wethers,
J3 85??4 20; fair to choice mixed, *3 25@3 90;
Western Bheep. $3 E5<£4 20; native lambs, $4 25®
5 75: Western lambs, $3<gS 65.
Flour, qr sks 7.740 Sugar, bbls 126
Wheat, ctls 53,513; Leather, rolls 97
Barley, ctls 53, 437 ; Hides. Xo 1.175
Oats, ctls 900j Middlings, sks... 350
Corn. East. ctls.. COfi Beans, sks 5C0
Butter, ctls 301 1 Potatoes, sks 5.0$ l
Cheese, ctls 24S- Onions, sks 741
Tallow, ctls 2S3'Bran. sks 730
Wool, bags 343: Hops, bales 260
Eggs.'doz lO.SCOi Straw, tons 31
Pelts, bdls 3,S62iHay, tons 793
Wine, gals 36,300: Rye, ctls 600
Quicksilver, flsks 631
Receipts of Produce.
SEPTEMBER 19.
FOR WEDNESDAY,
PORK— Live Hogs, 5^ic for small. 5$ic for
medium and 5%c for large: stock Hogs and
feeders. 5'g5V»c; dressed Hogs, S3S^4c.
LAMB— SGSVic per lb.
BEEF — 5t?6c per lb for fair to choice.
VEAL— Large, 7<gSc; small. S@3c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. 7@7Vic; ewes. 7c per lb.
San Francisco Meat Market.
SUGAR — The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, per lb, In 100-lb bags:
Crushed, 7.03c; Powdered. 6.63c; Candy
Granulated. 6.65c; Dry Granulated. 6.53c; Con
fectioners' A. 6.53c; Magnolia A. 6.15c: Extra
C 6 05c; Golden C. 5.95c; barrels. 10c more: half
barrels, 25c more; boxes, 50c more; 50-lb bags.
10c more. No orders taken for less than 73 bar
rels or Its equivalent. Dominoes, half-barrels,
7.20c: boxes, 7.55c per lb.
Steers, SJfSHc; medium. 8*4c: llrht. So: Cow
hides, 8c; Stags. 6c; Salted Kip, 15c; Dry Calf.
13c; culls and brands, 12c; Sheepskins. Shear
lings,. 20@3Oc each; short Wool. 30@50c each;
medium. 60<&SOc; lorn; Wool. SOcCJl 10 each;
Horse Hides, salt. tt'gZ 25 for large. U 75 for
medium, $1 for small and 50c for colts: Horse
Hides, dry, ?1 50 for large, $1 25 for medium, {1
for small and 2jft30c for colts. Deerskins-
Summer or red skins. 33c: fall or medium
skins, 30c: winter or thin skins. 20c. Goatskins
Prime Angoras, 75c; large and smooth, 50c;
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 4f 4'ic per lb; No.
2. 3<C3Hc; crease, 2{i2»4c
WOOL-— Sprine clip is quotable as follows:
Northern, free. 13@16c; Northern, defective. 12U
14c- Middle County, free. U316c; Middle Coun
tv 'detective, 12@14c; Southern Mountain, 12
months" 9<S10c; Southern Mountain, free. 7
months'! Ilftl2c: Southern Mountain, defective
7 months' frfrllc: Humboldt and Mepdoctno, IS
017c: Nevada. 13J?16c per lb.
Fall Clip— San Joaquin. 6H@Sc: do Lambs . 8
09c: Middle County. Sftllc per lb.
HOPS— New, 10igl3c per lb.
• General Merchandise.
BAGS — San Quentln Bags. S3 £3: Calcutta
Grain Bags. 5%c: Wool Bags. SSH03Siie; Fleece
Twine, 7?£c; Fruit Bags. e^&SSic for white and
SVi'SS-^e for bleached Jute.
COAL— Wellington, $3 per ton; Southfield Wel
lington $9; Seattle, $7; Bryant. J7: Coos Isay.
S3 50- Wallsend. $9; Co-operative Wallsend. *};
Cumberland 112 In bulk and $13 25 In sacks;
Pennsylvania Anthracite Esjt. $14; Cannel, J12
per ton: Coke, $16 per ton in bulk and J1S in
sacks- Rocky Mountain descriptions. $S 45 per
2000 lbs and $S 50 per ton, according to brand.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 20. 1900.
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, GO days...... — $4 84?4
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 88'
Sterling Cables — 4 89
New York Kxchange, sight — 05
New. York Exchange, telegraphic — -.i O7V4
Fire Silver, per ounce — 62%
Mexican Dollars, nominal 50<4 @ 61
Wheat and Other Grains,
Informal Session — 9:15 o'clock — December — $000
CALL BOARD SALE3
"WHEAT— Liverpool was higher and Paris
lower. New'York advanced l'ic
Chicago was strone on continued rains and
bad weather In the Northwest and a good ex
port demand. At the clcee, however, the de
mand appeared satisfied for the time being.
The local market wu firm, with some re
covery In futures.
Spot Wheat— Shipping. J105@106VS; Milling,
U lOftl ll',i.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
AND NEWS
8
Chicago 'Grain Market.
W. fl, R. A N, HO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
X_,.A. 1ST TD
From Frear-str?et Wharf at 11 A. M.
CApC $12 First Class n.,uaing Bzr-.*\
lht\\. $8 Second Clas-4 end Meals
STATK OF CALIFORNIA sai!s. ...Sept. 2« 30
COLUMBIA nallw Sept. 23. Oct. S
Shr.rt line to Walla T\*alla. Snokane. Butt".
Helena and all pr.ints in the Northwest.
Through tickets to nil pofatl East.
E. C. WARD, General Agpnt.
€30 Market st.
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO..
Superintendents. .
TOYO KISEN KAIShI
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m..
for YOKOHAMA and HON'OKONO. calT'nsr at
Kobe (Hlogo). Nagasaki antl Shanghai, anil
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for In-
dia, etc. No carso received on board on day
of sailing-.
SS. NIPPON MARTT
Saturday. September 22. 1*«^»
SS. AMERICA MA RU-. Wednesday. Oct. 17. 1!™
SS. HONGKONG MARL'.... Tues., Nov. 13. 1900
Via Honolulu.
Hound-trip tickets at reduced rates. Ft
frelsrht and passage apply at company's ofnee.
421 Market street, corner of First.
W. IT. AVERT. General Agent.
CCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
Steamers leave Broadway
fck^ "wharf. San Francisco:
tv'jia^. For Alaskan P irt3 — 11 a.T-i 1 ...
ftK/^V F"Ptember 23, 23. Oct. 3.
liB i '>?5 ; s9tJ» Change to rornpany's steam-
*' *n v?^i pr= r.: Seattle.
Sy^VrC^ftal <B. C>, Port Townsend, S^-
f^^feagg^ Btt'e. Tacrr.a. Kver^tt. Ana-
cortes anJ New Whatccm
(Wash.). 11 a. m.. Feptemh^r
!3. 2S. Oct. 3 and every fifth day thereafter.
Change at Seattle to this company's steamers
for Alaska and O. N. R'y; at Seattle or Tacoma
to N. P. R'y; at Vancouver to C. P. R'y.
For Eureka, Humboldt Bay— I p. m.. Septem-
ber 20, C5. 33. Oct. 5, and every fifth day there-
after.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey. San Simeon. Cayti-
cos. Port Harford (San Luis Oblspo). Gavtota,
Santa Barbara, Ventura. Hueneme. San Pedro.
East San Pedro (Los Aneelea) and Newport— 9
a, m.. September 20. 14. 2S, Oct. 2, and 1 every
fourth day thereafter.
For Pan Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Lui9 Obispo). Santa Barbara, Port
Los Angeles and Redondri (Los Angeles)— 11 a.
m.. September 22. CS, 30. Oct. 4 and every fourth
day thereafter.
For Ensenada. Magrdalena Kay, San J.-i?? d^l
Cabo. MazatJan. Altata. La Pa*. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mexico)— 10 a. m., 7th of each
month.
For further Information obtain company's
folders.
The company reserves the rlsrht to chaps*
steamers, sailing dates and hours of sailing
without rirevlou* notice.
TICKET OFFICE-4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agents..
10 MarkPt st., San Francisco.
AMERICAN LINE.
TV* TOES. SOXJTrTAWPTOS LONDfl*. M3TS.
Stopping at CT.frbmirsr. westbound.
From New York Every Wednesday. 13 a. m.
St. Paul Sept. 2fi! Pt. Paul ..." Oct. 17
St. Louis Oct. S Pt. Lnu'.s Oct. 2t
New York Oct. 10 New York Oct. 31
RED STAR LINE.
New York rnd Antwem.
From New York Every Wednesday. 12 noon.
Noordland Sert. 25' Westeroland ...<Vt. 17
Frtesland Oct. 3 Kensington ....Oct. 21
Southwark Oct. 10 NnonJIanrt Oct 31
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
SO Montcomery Street.
GENFEAT.^ TRASSATLASTIQUS.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS, j^jj^
Sallln? every Thursday. Instead of <r2J3235
Saturday, from November 2. 1SK». *t
10 a in., from Pier 42. North River foot of
Morton street. LA CH^Arof£*Sept£XT;
LA TOURAINE. Oct 4>L'AQL ITAINE, Oct.
It: LA LORRAINE. Oct. 1*. Flrst-cUj.9 tr.
Havre S?5 and upward, gtcond class to Tiavr».
U?U and iir "ward. r.F.NERAI. AOENCY FOR
rVITFD STATES and CANADA, 3? Broadway
mud^on building*. New York. J. F. FUGAZI
A CO., Pacific Coast Agents. 5 Montgomery
avenue! San Francisco^
#»rVAMC S.S. CO.-HONOLF1.C, APIA
Oaicklam) and sydnky.
c <3 vo\\'\ (via Honolulu) tn New Zea-
land I and Australia. Wed.. Oct. 3. S p. m.
J D SPRECKELS & BROS. CO.. Acts., 643 Market St
Pier 7. Foot Pacific St. Freight Office, 327 Market St
BAY AND EIV]^ STEAMERS.
npflBoTs. HAYY YARD AND YAlLEJfiT
Steamer "Monticello. **
VOX.. Tues.. Wort.. Thur*. and Sat. at 94i
a. m.. 3:15. 8:30 p. m. (ex. Thuro. nlght>; Fri-
days, 1 p. m. and 9:3fl; Sundays. 10:30 a. m.. S
p. m. Landing and offlc». Mission-street Dock.
Pier No. 2.- Telephone Main 1503.
FARE 5QoGARFIELD ANNIVERSARY TO
BE FITTINGLY OBSERVED
The anniversary rtf the death of General
GarrU-ld la to be fittingly observed ln this
city next Sunday afternoon. The follow
ing organizations will participate: Camr>
General Fremont. Court Garfleld of Fo-
ester*. George H. Thomas Grand Armv
Post: Redwood Circle. 'Women of w£££
craft; Drill Corps, X. S. G. W. ; Ohio So
ciety, Garrteld League and the Oscar p
Long Garrison. Regular Army and Xavv
Union. There will be an honorary com
mittee of l.w made up of ten memben
from each of the above organizations and
ten members from both the army and tho
y be I iVl,ne IpeCted '"'* *» ™»
The exercises will be held at the Oar
field monument in Golden Gate Park be
ginning at 2 o'clock, and they will bo nre
ceded by the parade, which will form at
th.» Stanyan-street entrance of the Dark-
General R. H. Warfield has been chosen
grand marshal. A letter has be«n re-
The Veterans' Reserve of Oakland will
nre the salute at the monument. Tha ex
ercises will consist of singing by a chorus
prayer, oration by Colonel J. P. Jackson'
president of the Ohio Society of Califor
nia: remarks by W. H. Jordan, president
of the day; sounding of taps on the bugl«
and singing of "America"' by the entire
audience. E. A. Bullis Is chairman of the
arrangement committee and E. M. Galvin
secretary. The following reception com
mittee has been appointed: Mrs. A- O
Clarke, Mrs. M. E. Smkh, James M*
Oleaves, George Ball, Selden Sturresa, R.
A. Sarle and W. F. Austrlch.
Mrs. Annie Hennessey, proprietor of a
grocery at 227 Xatoma street, swore to a
complaint in Judge Cabaniss' court yes
terday for the arrest of Dick Tierney on
a charge of grand larceny. September 2
Tierney was in her grocery and saw her
go to her bedroom and take money from
under her pillow to make change for a
customer. Shortly afterward she saw him
with his hand under the pillow, but before
she could raise an alarm he had escaped.
She says that he had taken $106 and a pair
of gold sleeve buttons.
Says Tierney Stole Her Coin.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
1118 Broadway. Sept. 19.
The Reliance Club of this city will com
pete for football honors this season. A
Players Who Ever Kicked the
Pigskin on This
Coast.
RELIANCE CLUB
TEAM IN FIELD
Line-Up Includ«s Many of the Best
Young Mitchell Back of a Club Simi
lar to the Old Cal
ifornia.
John Herget, better known as Young
Mitchell, at one time middleweight cham
pion of the Pacific Coast, Is at present
engaged ln the formation of an athletic
club whose purpose will be to conduct
prizefights on a legitimate and honest
PRIZEFIGHTS WILL BE
CONDUCTED IN A NEW WAY
¦ team of crack players has already been
! orgnized to meet the college knights of
j the gridiron as well as those of other
I athletic clubs. This is the first year since
i 1S79 that the Reliance Club has put a team
i in the field, but the lapse has only served
j to stimulate interest in the game among
f its members. The team is under the man
! agement of Captain Peter Smith.
Training headquarters have already
I been established and the big athletes will
start soon on their regular work of pre
paration for the fall and winter contests.
Following Is the line-up of the team:
I Andy, center; Monroe, iruard: Throat, guard;
! G. WeisB, gruard; Hamilton, end; Varney, end;
i Ahern, end: Theuerkaus, halfback; ¦ McNevln.
fullback; Coward and Densmore of Santa
Tiara College, halfback?; Rodolph and Deck
ley, formerly or Stanford, quarterbacks.
Taylor Is a new man. who will play
halfback or end. He was brought here
by Densmore.
The team will meet Stanford on the
campus September 29. University of Cali
fornia on the campus October 6." Stanford
A .membership will be established, aJid
dues charged. For fights which do not
call for purses of extraordinary size only
members will be permitted to attend. In
ca?e of big fights the arena will be In a
public place and a general admission
charged to the public.
basis. Several well known people will co
operate with Mitchell to form an organ
ization very similar ln plan and method
to the old California Athletic Club.
Other matches will probably be made,
with teams from Oregon or Southern
California.
In San Francisco October 13, University
Of California on the campus October 20,
Stanford on the campus November 3. Uni-,
versity of California ln San Francisco
November 10.
THE Hall of Justice Is at last some
thing more than a phantom of
what it was expected to be. After
years of preparation, Blow, te
dious and unprofitable, the build-
Ing was the scene yesterday of official
business. After the scandals and squab
| ble of contractors, the pleading and threats
j of citizens, the prodding and commands
; of officials, the building became yesterday
! something of a reality. While ma
sons, plasterers, carpenters, locksmiths
¦ and furnishers were filling the corridors
! with varied sound Police Judge A. J.
; Fritz opened court and held trial. It was
I something unusual in the way of an offi
cial opening for a great building.
And it may oe interesting to the student
i of municipal law to remember that the
! shade of Daniel Webster and the._ very
! aggressive. Impudent presence of Yoach
i imatsu Oki gave character to the formal
i opening of our Hall of Justice. There
knew enough to speak and write English
Intelligently. The court decided, however,
that he was not an expert and he was
excused, while the case was continued
until next Tuesday.
The first court session in the new Hall
of Justice was finished, and it will be
some time probably before .the sphere of
Justice is much more , enlarged. The big
building Is still in a condition unfit for
occupancy. There 1b still at least two
weeks' hard work to be done upon Its fur
nishing. The court rooms, Superior and
Police, are practically finished and rep
resent a decided improvement upon any
thing in the City Hall.
The prison on the top floor, however, is
far from being finished. The cells, for
midable, secure, oppressive! and caerelike,
are complete, and if bars, bolts, locks and
combinations count for anything no pris
oner will escape. As a whole, the build
inpr Is the best San Francisco ever had In
Its history and superior, perhaps, to those
in most of the cities of the Union.
This case has agitated the local colony
cf little brown men for months and a
startling 1 array of legal talent on both
sides gave dignity to the proceedings.
Thomas F. Graham and Thomas D. Rlor
dan appeared for the defense and General
Salomon scowled fiercely for the prosecu
tion. When Yoaehimatsu Oki took the
stand to justify his assumption of trans
lator he was soon floundering ln a pool of
English grammatical depths. Verbs,
nouns, adjectives, expletives, modifiers,
conjunctives and Infinitives had his brain
ln a whirl, and in desperation he shouted
that while he might not have the ac
complishments of Daniel Webster he
should be no necessary association be
tween Daniel Webster and Yoaehimatsu
Oki but Yoaehimatsu Okl established one
that settled it. The Japanese with the
upsp»akable name is an Interpreter and
he appeared yesterday before Judge Fritz
with a nervous desire to act as translator
In the case ln which Masujl Mlyakawa Is
accused of extortion.
POLICE JUDGE A. J. FRITZ TRANSACTS THE FIRST PUBLIC BUSINESS IN THE HALL OF JUSTICE BY
HOLDING COURT. . OTHER LOCAL DEPARTMENTS "WILL MAKE NO EFFORT TO DISTURB THE CHAOS
OF PREPARATION WHICH NOW RULES IN THE NEW STRUCTURE.
"This Is not only a departure from uni
form American practice but Is ln flat
contradiction to the. principle which de
mands that the school board shall legis
late only and that all executive duties
shall devolve upon professional officers.
There Is no excuse for a paid school board
Organization Is belns quietly effected
among some of the teachers in the Pub
lic School Department having for its ob
ject the submission of a charter amend
ment providing for the appointment of
non-salaried members of the Board of
Education. The teachers who are the
prime movers in the project are mainly
those who have been legislated out of
their positions for alleged political rea
sons, but they claim to have the support
of nearly all the teachers in the depart
ment. This support is not open, as it la
feared that the further wrath of the
School Board would be incurred if the
members of the board knew of It. For
that reason the organizers decline to have
their names made public.
Nevertheless, the pedagogues hope to
have an amendment prepared for submis
sion at the election next year, when
amendments may be submitted. It is cal
culated that the signatures of the neces
sary 15 per cent of the voters will be
easily obtained. At the present time the
four School Directors are paid JZV) per
month each and are bound by the char
ter to devote all their time to the busi
ness of the schools.
The promoters of the non-salaried plan
for School Directors quote ln their own
support from a report presented to the
last National Council of Education at Los
Angeles, which finds two thoroughly bad
principles combined in one scheme con
tained in the new charter — a bi-partlsan
school board and a i ai.l school board,
the members of which are required by
law to give their entire time to their du
ties. The article continues:
Teachers Organizing to Sub
mit Charter Amendment
to the People.
SEEK TO HAVE
NON-SALARIED
SCHOOL BOARD
At tht> conference to-day the rjuesfion
of adding Spanish to the course of study
in the five normal schools of the State
will be discussed. A strong petition has
been circulated in favor of a Spanish
course. Superintendent Kirk is Inclined
to oppose the movement, as he thinks the
normal schools have abort all the courses
they can teach now. He believes a teach
sLni k 0 ."" uf b * vt omin K proficient In the
Spanish language can accomplish more bv
Pjyite tutorap.-. and furthermore, he con-
, s in r i i hp ir ' m ' v ation a useless and un
called fcir expense.
The Superintendent has called a special
.neetlns of the State Board of Education
In Sacramento October 20. when the ques.
f tlon «» f Jroprovinsr upon the State school
textbooks will be dl»ci»s«d
There will also be held in this citv Oo
£&?£& anrt , 13 " jnint m'rtlm of special
committees from the State Educational
Commission and the School Superintend
ents to consider the proposed education 1
Thomas J. Kirk. State Superintendent
of Schools, spent last nls;ht at the Palace
on his way to San Jose, where he Is to
attend an Important meeting to-day of
the Joint board of Normal School Trus
tees. Superintendent Webster had writ
ten Dr. Kirk that he desired to see him
the first time he came to San Francisco
relative to some, r^oont happonfnss in the
local School Department. This Interview
will probably he held Friday, as Dr. Kirk
said last night he would make it a point
to see Webster on his return from San
Jose.
WEBSTER AND KIRK TO CONFER
School Department Differences to B
Laid Before State SuDerintendent.
In an American city. Such a board can
l only be given work enough to occupy It
j by stripping the Superintendent, the prln-
I rlpals and business officers of the school
i system of their just powers and respon
; sibilities."
our Frr.^:; j;arrison» for political effect, but
hitherto wirhcut result. Change of policy by
turning Islands over to a cofi-le of Tagaloe
politicians will blight, their fair prospects of
enormous Improvement, drive out capital, make
life and r^perty— secular and religious— most
Insecure, banish by fear of cruel proscription
considerable body oC conservative Filipinos
who h»T« t-.-.-.i-'. Americans !n w<='.l founded he
llef that their r*ople sre not now fit for i»elf
jroveTT.rnent, nvA re'.r.troduce the same oppres
sion er.d corruption which exi« f( j j n a ij prov .
lr.ee* under Malclos lr.surgest government dur
ing the eight mor.ths of Its control. The re
tu\t »rtll *>• factional strife betwe» n jealous
leader*, chaos and anarchy, and will require
and Juftlfr active Intervention cf our Govern
ment or «ome other.
Pu«!ne«« Interrupted by war !« much Improved
tar.ds BmorB the Visa vans in ?axnar. Leyta
ar.d nart« of Panay. which maintain
by methols de?cribc-d. In
Necros. Cfbu, Romblon. Masbate. Slbuyan.
Tsblts, Bohol and other Visayan islands, little
diaturbaaoi exists and civil government is
'¦rerly ewalted. Near rayagan. ln Mindinao.
<M T»«aloif i>enal settlement, considerable
fr,-c<* of Ljcirnii^s makes neighl>orir!(8r country
¦ geiOUl and disturbance «>xlsts at Surlpao.
• • In south of this large sparsely Fettled island
i ¦ /.amvoanga. Cnltabatto and other points the
antrr Is tranquil. Four years of war and
.. n i»-Kf : n'"?s !n parts of islands have create un
» ltle<l conditions and unfuardf-d American or
'. rf'.^wT Travcllr.g ordinary trails far from
pftrrUotn an4 attractlnsr cupidity, runs risk of
i LotenM even in pacified provinces. Native con
f-rabularv and militia, which should b« onjan
lifd at one. will end this and ihe. terrorism
to whtch defenseless people are eubjected. N«
tlves d»>i=;re to enlist in these organizations. If
Ju41dou«Jjr Felected and officered win be euf
fident Com for maintenance of order and will
j*rrr.!t earlr material reduction of United
Ftate* trooy*. It Is conceded by all but men
ln arrriB ar.d Is lmplle-i ln their proclamation
tr.a* If election confirms present policy rem
r.ar.t. of Insurrection w - ill disappear xcithin
dxty flkyt by surrender of leadern and fading
ov;t of r«r.k Esd file. I^adrones. In part a her
:•&*• from Spanish rule, will continue, but
rtr. t>« Fu;pr»-!!s^d by measures. Existing In-
organizations r.ow maintained with
greatest difficulty for purpose stated. Effort
Is to tr.ass enough insurgents to crush one of
¦jth« i rn Luzon. lr.surr«v-to ban'is dodge from
«ior.ai trouble TaK»lo«.* aion^ active in leading
fUTTilla warfare have succeeded in recruiting
lossnesn of i^-.ple ¦without arms larp.ly pr.-
vrnt them ai'linK Amorlcans in suppressing out-
rages. r>«*spit>- tb<-se dllftcultieii. maintenance
-¦* status quo makes for more peaceful condi
1 AJI northern Luzon, except In Neuvaecija
«Ln! Uulacan. Is eubstantiallj' free from insur
gn-JtM. Peopl« ar» biasy planting and arc ask
' e for n.un:c;j>al on?aniEation. Rai'.'\ay and
¦'¦le^raih lines from Manila to Dagupan. 123
r.lles. liave not been molested for live months.
:- »jrp;>.; 7iro\inces and parts of prov4nc«»s. of
Icsvrceot*. affirm* that large number of peo
ple long for peace, and ar* willing to accept
HHlliniMlt undT fnlted States. Insurgents
riot irmrtii^frtww aft**r dof^at h»ve divided in
to RDaJ] Kut-rrilla bands under jren'-ral ofnc»rii
or become Ladronen. Nearly all prominent Ren
• ra> nr.d j>oltticlars of lni«urre.-tion except
Ajralb&Ida have since lx<>n raptured or have
+\irrrnderr-<l and have taken oath of allegiance.
I'.-iiicy of ll«»nency culminating in anin«-«:y had
marked effect to induce surrenders until de
:• K of political issues ln T'rtited States re
port«4 here in full K»ve hope to insurgent offl
<.-:s sr'.:! in arms of charged policy and stayed
I >; st i^rbai.ces in x^^rts of lslartd. kept up anc*
R- owed by Insurgent rin>clama'ion and criers.
It Ba^tM election, do not show unfriendly
¦XtltuOa of majority of people of piovinees
... ,h,-r«> they occur, but only activity of small
; •-. c -^ rfnt bodl^^s in mountain factnpfses whfn^
¦¦"«> If rue for usually harmless night attack*
or murderous ambush of *::..< '. '. American
juiAa. or to collect contributions or recruit
from peorle terrorlied by cutting out tongues.
r:tiinB off llmr>s, burylnc alive, murder an<]
:^r.'if-r. difficulty of d»>i^ction enable- Insur
p nti to maintain surveillance over people even
::i y®e garriKor.ed towns. ITncertalnty as to
future .•oit'-y of L'niied Sta.ten and defense-
Secretary Root cabled the Philippine
Commission for a report of its operations
to date- Replying to the d'spatrh the
commission reports as follows:
Have for two months and a half made dlli
sent Inquiries Into conditions rr«vai!ir.g. Mass
f' people h&.< aptitude for education, but Is
i£nnr«nt, superstitious and credulous ln a re
marklble rfeKree. Hostility against American*
ws« originally RroumeJ by absurd falsehoods
¦ scrupulous leaders. Distribution of troops
'.:. I • ; osts has by contact largely <lis|wlli-d
t ¦-:.;:•> and steadily imtrovwj temper "f peo-
I'if. This improvement, furthered by abuses of
WASHINGTON. Sept. 19— On August 1?
for Municipal Government
and Resistance Practi-
cally Nil.
Tells of Improvement in tht
Conditions in the Arch
ipelago.
Maav of th\« Better Classes Anxious
REPORT 0N
THE PHILIPPINES
Arr preparing stringent civil nervic* law, giv
ing equal opportunity to rilipinoB and Ameri-
n 1 n "* r J*' Preference for former where quall
by promotion reach h«"ad of department Muni
cipal corporations are being organized on i>opu
lar basis. Much-needed reform ln civil and
criminal procedure. Criminal code and Judi
cial F»-tem favored by Filipino bar will be
effected. Rnilrcwxi franchises should at once be
Krarte.l. Ilailroads will revolutionize life and
business in these wonderfully rich, beautiful
and healthful tropiral Islands. Frrty-five miles
of railroad extens'on under negotiation will
Elve access to larpe province rich in valuable
nnr.eralF. a ml!e hlffh. with (strictly temperate
climate, curin? tr;p;cal disease*. Hallrnad con
struction will bI\%» employment to many, and
communication will furnish market to vast
stretches of rich agricultural lands. Calls from
all parts of the islands for public schools, school
BuppM"? and FTngliFh teachers are greater than
ccmmifplon can nrovlde until comprehensive
school system is organized. Night schools for
tea-'htntr Knpllsh to adults are heln* established
in response to popular demand. Native children
show aptitude in learning nnelish. Spanish 1«
spoken by a small fraction of the people, and ln
a ff t rears the. medium of enmmunk-ation in
courts, public offices and between different
tribes will be EnpHsh. Creation of central
sovpmmfjt within eighteen months, like that
of Porto Rico, under which substantially all
ric-hts described in bill of rights in Federal' con-
Ftltution are to be secured to tlie people of the
Philippines, will bring to them contentment,
prosperity, education and political enlighten
ment. WIT^IAM H. TAFT.
DEAN C. WORCl-STER.
lA'KK K. WniOHT
HFNRT C. II>B. *
BERNARD MOSES.
Had condition of currency hinders business,
s-teps should be taken toward early resumption
of £old standard
•' near* extend*. but Investment of now capital
is retarded by dnubt conr»rniiip the policy of
the t'nlred Ptates. In Ktffrot wore pucar >• ln
cultivation than ever before. New forestry
radiations cive impetus to timber trade and re
our* high price of lumber. Cultivation of rice
in fnie pruvinc-es Is retarded by 1of» of draft
eatt!«> through disease and war. Meat is now
1.- cent* a pound, (imnmi collections f»r last
fjiart-'r wer«? 50 per cent greater than ev»r ln
Spanish history, and August collection* *h..vv
1-irthT Increase. Total revenue for Fame period
was a third greater than any quarter tinder
Fpain. though the cedula tax. the chief zov.rcf
pi Spanish revenue, has l,een practically ab->l
iFhed. Economy and efticl^nry of military K"V
ernmem havo croafrl a rurplus fund of ufx mll
lionF. Mexican, which should be expended in
nuirh needed public works, notably Improve
ment at llanila harbor, the condition of which,
with confe<ju»-nt delay and expense in landing
foods, is a ureattr emfcarro on business than
many nearly prohibitory tariff rates inherits
rrom Spain and still operative. With proper
tanfr and facilities Manila win become the
great pirt of the Orient. Spanish revenue laws
throwing the buruen of taxation on the poor.
elv p the wealthy comparative immunity. The
tari.r now prevents importations from America
i. canned goods, machinery and other necep-
Mrtes. Spanish inland revenue chiefly derived
rrom prll tax;, tax on small business, fishing
license th* like, but no land tax. Are formu
lailns laws remedying theee evils, and confl
uent that by Judicious customs laws, reasonable
ad valrrem land tax and proper corporation
.rancnise tax. imposition of no greater rat«
than that In the average American State, will
Kive loss annoyance, and with peace will pro
duce revenue sufticient to pay expenses of ef
j^nt^rovernment. Including military and con-
nAKI>AN*r>. R*j>t. W.-Within three
w-peks after th* cudd^n d^ath of his wife
sr.d us the result of injuries sustained
vhile arranging for the last rites over her
r.-rnains, William II. Ja^k.«on. a well
known r*^ident of this" city, dl^l this
:noin!ng at a privat* Fanitarium. Blood
pottoniss resu'.tinp from a sHght flesh
wound was th<? caus* of d«»ath.
Mrs. I.uey Jackson dl#»d August 27 from
«r.Jurlc5 sustained the day before In a fall
from & low porch in the rear of her tpsI
<>nce. 217 Ninth etreet. While playing
with a little child/ Mrs. Jackson sud
denly lost her balance and fell backward
off the porch to the ground a few feet
briow. At first It was thought that her
Injuries were not serious, but within an
hour she hpcame paralyzed. Unable to
Bpealc or move her head, the unfortunate
woman died the night of the following
day.
Thn following morning Jackson vent to
Kt. Mary's Cemetery to select a suitable
resting ;ilace for the remains of his wife.
As he alighted from an electric car of the
Mountain View line he scraped his shin
on the car step. Mr. Jackson paid no at
tention to the slight bruise until several
days after his wife's funeral, when blood
poisoning 6-?t In.
Two weeks ego Mr. Jackson was re
moved to the private hospital, where he
died to-day. Deceased wn? In business
here for a number of years. He was
about 50 years of a«e. He leaves no
children.
William H. Jackson Foljows His Wife to the Grav
Within Three Weeks, Both Being Victims
of Accidents.
STRANGE COINCIDENCE
IN DEATH OF A COUPLE
No conventions were shocked by the
men of the sawdust. The parade was made
up In time-honored fashion, and there was
the same cavalcade of bespangled ladles,
these being of superior appearance
though, on prancing steeds and red velvet
It was a great parn.de. No cables stop
pfA running as it threaded Its way up
Market street, no cannon boomed and no
wire rope was there by grace of Chief
Sullivan to kf?p back the crowd, but the
crush on the sidewalk was nearly as big
as It was on that memorable 10th of Sep
tember.
«o^ INGLING BROS.* circus came to
| J town yesterday morning and, ac-
P^^ cording to honored custom, turn-
JL ed out in a morning parade. Al
V. Ringling rode ahead of the show
in a new buggy. liehlnd him streamed
all the glittering circus cavalcade, begin
ning with the big band wagon and ending
with the small boy clinging behind the
calliope. There are five Ringling broth
ers, but only one appeared with the show
—the one that looks like the poster pic
tures of the other four.
The three herds of performing elephants
are, novelties in more, ways than one.
They stand on their heads, sit on their
haunches, build pyramids and ca%-ort
round with all the solemnity of stuffed
The most noticeable thing about the
performance is the excellence of the ac
robats. In all the work aloft and in the
tumbling on the stage they are far ahead
of anything else in their line that has
ever appeared here under canvas. The
DaComas. six of them, who perform in
evening dress, are wonders, and If- they
do not kill themselves before the week is
out they will be lucky. The clown dance
nnd the clown band provoked waves of
merriment from the reserved seats to the
farthest corners of the bleachers, and the
donkeys that chased them around the
rings came in for a fair share of the ap
plause.
one end of the big tent to the other there
is always something going on, and while
the rings are -being cleared the clowns
make merry to their hearts' content.
There are clowns in plenty, done up in
the most outlandish costumes, and to the
usual circus fun they have added much
that is new and original.
saddles.
In the middle of It all came the "ma
jestic, Imposing, ideal, patriotic spec
tacle" called the "Last Days of the Cen
tury," which are embodied in several
troops of riders of all nations in bewilder
ing uniforms, all very dignified and trying
to live up to what the posters said about
them.
The clowns, reddest of all circus peo
ple, occupied a broken down wagon and
made grotesque and plaintive music for
the crowd's edification.
Then there was a lion in a gilded cage,
who was all that he seemed to be, and
hippopotami and a whole arkful of other
animals, some of which were Ringling
Bros.' exclusive styles. One of the latter
Is known as the wild Abyssinian. Valke-
Vark.- This monster, whose appearance Is
truly terijble, is put up like a large pig
who had changed his mind when half
grown and compromised between a hip
popotamus and a giraffe. He lives in the
posters among vast expanses of straight
grass and chases, also in the posters,
black men with spears a great deaJ small
er than himself.
With swinging trunks and deliberate
The parade was but a foretaste of
what was to come, however, for at night
the .features of the column, seen under
the -glare of the circus lamps and sur
rounded by the glamor of circus canvas
and men in gaudy jackets, became more
picturesque and more fascinating and
brought home to . the thousands of first
nighters the good old circus enthusiasm.
Before Wednesday next there will be
prevalent in town the "circus neck" and
the "circus eye," -the one stiff and twist
ed;, the. other furtive. and shifty, and a
little crossed. It will come of trying to
see three rings at once, with a stage at
tachment and' two sets of trapezes all
going at the same time, besides groups of
clowns that disport themselves around
the parade track and throw themselves
about in most reckless fashion. . From
street-shaking strides the twenty-five
frreat elephants marched and the crowd
fell back awe inspired as the great beasts,
with their loose, easy strides, rolled by.
Then came bands and dens and beautiful
circus ladles and gallant canvas men and
the grandeur that was Rome's in char
iots and more bands and more of the rest,
and then the calliope and memory.
oxvls, for they take themselves most seri
ously and It is evident they try their best
for the praise they get. They end their
act with a concert, weird and uncanny,
and then sit hack, with their forefeet in
the air like lapdoRS. to wait for approba
tion. Then the biggest, a beast of three
and a half tons, waits for the others to
leave and then follows them on his hind
legs. The elephants march, each with
the tail of .the one in front clasped tight
ly In his trunk, and as they are practi
cally double-enders. and trunk and tall
seem interchangeable, they somewhat re
semble a pipantic game of snap the whip,
done In dirty pray tones and minus tha
danger to the end man.
The horsen are a show all in themselves
—well trained, handsome and of all sizes,
from diminutive Shetlands to the tallest
thoroughbreds, and the races that close
the performance are fast and furious and
much more uncertain in result than the
circus race the San Francisco public has
been used to.
The circus will be here eight days, spr
ing two performances on each day. The
grounds are at Sixteenth and Folsom
streets. ¦
SOME OF THE SIGHTS OF THE GREAT PARADE AND THE BIG PERFORMANCE AFTERWARD THAT DREW THOUSANDS OF PEOPLE
OUT UNDER THE BIG CANVAS TENTS OF THE CIRCUS LAST NIGHT.
THE SAN FRAXOISCO CALL," THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 20, 1900. C
Police Judge Fritz, Yoaehimatsu Oki and the
Shade of Daniel Webster Share the
Honors of the First Session.
JUSTICE BEGINS HER REIGN IN
HER NEW MUNICIPAL TEMPLE
OAKLAND, Sept. 13.— In secret session
to-day the Board of Police Commission
ers commenced an Investigation of the
charges of blackmail and brutal conduct
made against Policeman Thomas Pardee
by Mrs. A. I). Howe and her brother, Fred
P, Howe. Attorney M. C. Chapman ap
peared for the accusers and Lincoln S.
Church represented Pardee.
It was upon motion of Commissioner
Clement that the henring was held be
hind eloped doors, the explanation being
that the hearing was simply for the Com
missioners to determine whether the evi
dence was sufficient to put the accused
patrolman upon trial. ,
Both sides had been energetic In dig
ging up evidence to present to the board.
All of Pardee's friends on the police force
have born exceptionally active in his be
half, while the Howes have had the ben
efit of all the policeman's enemies could
do to aid them. The result has been lo
very seriously disorganize and demoralize
the men in the department.
The trouble between the Howes and
Pardee has through the various political
animoaitles which have been stirred
aroused a bitter factional warfare in the
Police Department.
Commissioner Dow is accounted as dis
posed to be friendly to Pardee, whom he
named for appointment. The position of
Commissioner Clement is curiously mys
tifying. Clement has not been politically
tied to the faction which has taken ud
Pardee's fight, but his recent votes hav*
been with Dow. Mayor Snow openly
stated the last time Fardee was before
the board that he would not vote to re
tain the policeman In the department if
he should again be brought before the
board.
The defense of Pardeo In the present
trouble Is a direct denial of the Howes'
charges.- Further, he has called many
witnesses who, he maintains, will testify
that Fred Howe Is of bad repute and un
worthy of credence. To offset this Mrs.
Howe has called a number of her neigh
bors to uphold her declaration of good
character.
Among the subper.aed citizens and po
licemen who dangled In waiting at tha
executive session were Mrs. A. P. Howe.
Fred F. Howe, Mrs. Harris, Mark Par
rish. John Baumann. George Smith. A.
¦\Vhitmore. Robert Brown, Dr. E. R. S!ll.
Mrs. Sullivan, Mrs. Barry. Miss Barry.
Captain of Police W. J. Peterson; Po
licemen MeKlnlcy, Brannan. Klnsjsbury.
Tobin. Reinhardt. Hundley, Little.
Brown, and Special Policemen Parsons
and Robinson.
Mrs. Howe and her brother tnld their
stories to the Commissioners th!3 after
noon. Mark Parrish testified that Fred
Howe was a hard drinker. Smith Brown
of Napa gave evidence that Mrs. Howe
was of good character.
The Commissioners will resume tha
hearing at 1:30 o'clock to-morrow after
noon.
Accused Patrolman Is Making a Vigorous Fight
to Clear Himself of Charges Preferred
by the Howes.
PARDEE CASE IS HEARD
BEHIND CLOSED DOORS
SAN FRANCISCO FLOCKED UNDER MAMMOTH CIRCUS TENT
9
APVKB.TISF.M KNTa.
Only they who use it
know the luxury of it, -
Pears' is the purest and
best toilet soap in all the
world.
TO THE PUBLIC!
PINOLE. JUNE 23. 18S9.— I TAKB THIS
mram of expressing my thanks to Or. Wong
¦ <^'*W>w. Him. Ii.i-l.i7 Mason st..
Afa£2sZK 6. F.. for having cur-»d
ASj|i*™©ja tne of k!iln»y, womb
wraiJ trotib!>» and canc«r of
y^S^tS I stomach. I was a rre&C
ufp I sufferer for IS years, and
JK*tfS^» J found no permanent re-
lief until I tried Dr.
J$¥?*- ¦/»_ 'Were Him. nni !n «!*
>Bt»*if»^ J&^fc. months' tlma h» haa
fr*£rlBw-l££*$H$ > » cur?1 ' m *- AnT ""1^5
«iK*revK?5tl^a> irifhir.c m» to certify
***£65£2?i.^^ this can find me.
MRS. GEOROE BETZ.
Pinole, Contra Costa County. Cal.
8AN FRANCISCO (Cal). Oct. IS. WM.-T0
Whom It May Concern: Thin 1» to certify that
Dr. Worn Htm of 1U-U7 Mason ¦treet 3an
Francisco, h&a cured m« entirely of Bright . 1
diseaae of the kidneys and consumption of th«
bo-weU of Ions «tan<llnfc. and I am only too
tappy to make thU statement for the- benefit of
all troubled in any way by diseases. Tou win
find the doctor a Eentlem«n In every way. Very
re«c«ctfuUy. MISS M. J. SHINE,
JS1 Fulton street. San Francl»co.
S F r>c. 4. 1339.— Dr. Wont Him. 115-117
Mason st. S. F.. Cal.— I>ar Sir: For tha bene-
Ht of others I wish to make a statement of my
case which was heart trouble. After treating
with six eminent physicians, my ca3« was pro-
nounced Incurable. Hearing of Dr. Wong Him
and his wonderful cures. 1 decided to try his
herb treatment. He did all h« claimed ird
after treat'.nz six months I am now well and
stron?. Tour respectfully.
MRS. BARLOW. 10CT Mission St.. 8. T.
DR. HALL'S REINYIGORATORERTIg
Five hundred reward for any gfe
cue wa cannot cure. Tnts secret pH HiC
remedy stops all losses In 24 hours. ! •
cures Emissions. Impoteney. Viri- -P^l C?S;
cocele. Gonorrhoea. Gleet. Fits. W* P^T
Strictures. Lost Manhood end all tJk Mali
ma.«tln* effects cf eelf-abus* or Wai K9
excesses. Sent sealed. 12 bottle: I Q£naiX«-«
bottles. 13: guaranteed to cure any eaa*. Ad-
dress HALL 1 8 MEDICAL IXSTITTJTtt. &i
Broadway. Oakland. Cal. Also for •*!• at 1073 .,
Market st.. S. F. AH prlvats 61sca*«» *+LCmlj
— •-* <Ua4 tar tea* bo*k.
Although weakened by the con-
tinued drenchinj?, fatigue and exposure,
he made the voyage successfully, which
his physician says would have been well
rign impossible, and probably entirelv
impossible, but for Grape-Xuts food.
Having found Grape-Nuts food so won-
derful in its invigorating and nourishing
effects, the captain, upon his return,
scting on the advice of his nhvsician.
continued the u«e of the food, steadily
paining in health and strencth.
" Captiin Blackburn and the nhvsician.
whose name is omitted as a professional
courtesy (a well-known doctor in
Gloucester, whose name can be given
upon application to the Postum Cereal
Co. Ltd.. Battle Creek. Mich.) look
upon Grape Nuts as the most perfect
form of food known, and especially ap-
plicable to the use of those who are sub-
jected to lone continued exertions, fa-
tigue and exposure.
When Captain Blackburn cot to sea
the weather was so stormy and the wa-
ter rough that he was compelled to stay
at the wheel the most of the time and
was unable to run his stove and prepare
food. He subsisted almost entirely on
Grape-Nuts food, which is ready
cooked, and which he poured directly
from the little boxes into his hand or
mouth.
Captain Blackburn, who sailed from
Gloucester, Mass., in a small boat 29
feet over all, for Gloucester. England,
in June, 1899, carried with him, by order
of his doctor, a variety of different
foods, also a little oil stove to prepare
them. Conspicuous atnonc these foods
the doctor nimtd Grape-Nuts.
62 DAYS ALONE ON THE
OCEAN.
Sustained by Grape-Nuts Food.
GRAPE-NUTS.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 20, 1900.
10
SAX KltAXCISCO CALL.
CrFIVrSS OFFICE cf The fian Francisco
Ctll. ccrr.er of Market and Third »treets. cpen
rrtil Z2 o'clock every nlirtit In the rear.
RRANCH OFFICnS~r;?7 Montgomery afreet.
rrrr.er Ciay: open until 9:20 p. m.
rnfi T'siyrs street; cpen until 9:30 p. m.
*3J McAllister ftree»; open until 9:30 p. m.
£15 Larfcin t-treet; open until S:S3 p. m.
!!'<1 l!!?Fion street : cpen until :0 p. ra.
rrtl Market rtreet, comer Sixteenth; open
cr.ttl S r- m.
:«« Eleventh rtreet; cpen cnttl 9 p. m.
JP56 Valencia Ftreet: open until 9 p. m.
Kerthwcst corner Twenty-second and Ken-
turky r\rer:r: rpen until 9 p. m.
MEETING \OTICES.
MISSION Chapter No. 73. R. A. M— •
Stat.-.', nrvtine THIP (THURSDAY) _Rl
I ','ENING 7-"' o'clock. y,--F!on i5a "X_f\
ponic Temr>, I'CCS Mission st. By or-/ Vi
der of the H. P. JNO. R. HIL»t>MAX. Sec^
CAUTOnSntA I^odge No. 1. K. and A. n
11.. *na meet mis <thi:rs»ay) Ji
EVENING, : : :: -' a-. 7:30 oVIock. JLjSZ
£eeor.;l degree, ny order cf the master. '^w 1
FRANKLIN H. DAY. Secretary.
FIDELITY Lofice No. 120. F. and A. M. m
- Pp-cla! mf'TUii? THIS (THl'R.«DAT) «4\_
EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. First >*.*- \± jf
fr^e. U— Mna cordially invited. By/>r »
crder cf t** W. M.
FREDERICK RARRY. Secretary.
PCVni Ean Francisco Lodge No. 212, ¦
F ana A. M.. meets THIS (THURS- .JrV.
pay) E^'T:^'I^"a. »t :.so o'clock, for/L/T
third <5eere<». All M.icter Masons cor- • V
<!ial!y Invited. By order of the Master.
• E. C. HARE, Secretary.
I1ASTEB Mr.riners' lienevolent Abso- / _--^^
elation— The rcpulsr meetir.g of the !'..»? J^-*
cJ-ove Sif.sociation wilT be held at the l&ti*
hall. 2TP Port Ft . Thursday evening. ¦'
FeptejT.ber -0, «.t 7:3f> o'clock. All members are
requited to l>e rresem, cs very Important
bugir.esF wi'.l corre before the icee-ticg. By
order of :h» rre«l<!cnt.
L. TKAl'N'O. Itecorrtlnr Secretary.
PROTHEEMWri of Teamsters will hold the*r
regular weekly meeting at Teutonla Hall,
Hfwara Et.. between Ninth and Tenth.
THURSDAY EVENING. September S>. 1900.
.IOIIN McLAJ.'GHLIN. Secretary. -
AXNTAL rr.eetlr.c— The rerular annual meeting
of the Ftcrkho'.<1er« of the PprnJale Petro'.eum.
0:1 ;>r.fi Development Corn pa nv will be held
ict the office of the romiway, C22 Sansome Kt..
roe— 1 Tl *econ<5 floor. Fan Francisco, Oai., on
SIO.VDAT, rlie m day of Ort< ber. 1«00. for
the purjrose nf electing a hoard of directors
to serve f<* the ensuing year and the transac-
t' r. of such < - th«-r l>u?iness as may cotne ba-
f^re the meeting. CHAS. H. n'SHIXG. Sec.
FTOCK I IOLP jfh S' 11 EETING — Pursuant To
r^fn'ut'. r 'n cf tl:e licard of d!rt*ctore, a meet-
'.r.c of the ft^rk holders of The Pime Company
w::i lw he'4 «t the principal place of bu«lnei>i«
«->? raid <-f-mpany.«<j-lr.. rooms "C-S7 of the Sth
floor. MillF buildir.p. 8«n Francinc-o. Cal., on
WEDNESDAY, the SM day of October. 1S00.
tt 1:30 c'clcck p. m. The pbject of the rreet-
irp if to diminish the capital rtock to T2iOO.
<-r X2H eenta per share, and to transact such
r-ther business n« may ccme before the meet-
Jr.ft. ALBERT C. AIKEN. FTesldect.
Dit*4 Ausn:« :s. 1900.
AGEXTS WASTED.
|T5 TO Tl n Oafly easl'.y made by our Live Ac^nta,
rr.en or women, selling our latest novelty,
c&rr.rfciljr. waterproof neckties: soods '.ntlreljr
r.e— ar.d patented: acents deJIchted; sales un-
<*'¦; tenure fjcciuftve territory: pmn inteed
\*fl »M!er. Address, with rtarr lp, M. & M.
MANFG. CO., Dept. C. irprinpfleld. Mas*.
AGENT? — Do you wart eortethln? more profit-
ntie and easier to ceil than books or Insur-
ance? A<M. F. PERFOX. r. 412, Parr ott bldg.
MAKTED— F!r?t-class corset agents; excellent
Farmer.! : <;uir'.c seller; goni commissions. A<S-
r,»i <S'4. Call.
/GENTS eell our aluminum card cases and
ririr: circulars and camples free. Bunker
Pristine Co.. Pert. '1. Kan?as City. Mo.
AGEVTB of ability «r:d ejtperier.ee in life Insur-
ance. Call at room 1C1. ?J7 Market, cor. Sixth.
WE handle rew«t noveltle* tor aeentM. PA-
cine AGENT?' ST'PPLT CO.. 8461 ISth nt.
astro ._^
J!MF:. HICKKT. a.«=trolctrlst : card readlriB and
t>bI— iimry. ?>: hrr* wtcorws cast. 1?3? MAslon.
ASPHAI.TIM IIOOFIXG.
3. PTvLTinK. asphalt rooflse. sidewalks; cellar
R— M— laid, required : rosta.1. J1S6 Mission «t.
ATTOnXEYS AT LAV,'.
It. TV. KING, attorney at law. K7 Market Ft.,
r'xrn €17: estates, damages, attachments.
} ar.krur*T. collecticns; til <*8*es; fair fees;
ro advar.re charges; rr.cney loaned on estates.
Al'VlCE fret: <!Ixorce law r specialty; private;
ro *ee without ruccmt; collections. O. W.
IlOinS, atty at !«w. £50 Market. cor.Stockton.
FHEE advice; divorce laws, damages, estates,
raUectioas. 3. A. lEtchMl. S14 Montgomery.
A t>\TCK free: r.n chtr— • unless successful. W.
w. PAVTPSON. SIT Market St.. opp. Ma-on.
J. S. CLARK, nmrr.a Ppreckels bid*.. S27 Mar-
ket tt.: ccrj-.i'.tatlcn free; ro fee* In advance.
USTER, HERMAN J.. attorney. 927 Market
«.. r. BIS: npen eve.. 7-*: eor.FUltatJcn free.
UATII CABINETS.
I'.OBINSON IS. 4-ran»l foldlne; door opens; firm
rr.d «afe. W. S BROWN. c»n. »«-t.. 4M Ellis.
BOARDING FOR CUILDREX.
V.'ANTEl>-^>itt!e rlrl or boy to room and
I card: company for lady: terms reasonable.
Po« 3744. Call office.
BUSINESS CllAXCES.
A-fiw^CHOFHOUSE : "cloee to Clty~HaU: rent
IOC 1 ; daily receipt* $25.
JL MOO riaiery; nr.e block, from Call bldg. ;
tfeu'.y receipts EX<; only f=tor» trade. See
H. G. WILKE. __j Kearny st.
.A— J12CO; SALOON with ]0 furnished rooms. close
to new Hall of Ji!tt!<-«; plac« establ. many
year? ar.d rtoir.c a good business; owner en-
cafred otherwise cauee of tale. Call K. O.
WILKE. MM, Krarny et.
A— SALOON vrttli ( furnished room?; rent $4C>;
place dolnr «* C-oJ buslne— f; In neishbor-
l:ood of warehouses and factories: commer-
cial lunch from il to 1 o'clock; a rare chance.
'ill j{. a. WILKE. C.H Kearny st.
A - ?'•» : fALouX: *stab. many years; Tjalf a
block north of Ma?on and Market; rent J75;
n. flirt-class, paying place; j<artners can't
fjrrfe caen cf sa'.e. See R. G. WILKE. 26'^
Xearr.y st.
A— SIOM: OOFFKB yaloon doing an average
! uMr.eM" ft 140 per day; rent J73; place lo-
'flted near Hall of Justice, on Kearny Bt.,
on<! «YH doable receipt! In short time. Cali K.
•i. WILKE. "(>\? Kearnr et.
.A-J11C0; OOBNJCR rrocery and bar; choicest
l'Tstion in the Mittlon; rent $35; 4 living
r->cms; plsoe estab. years; owner, a widow,
"prUB to retire. Call H. a WTLXE, 2CV»
V'-arry ft.
A -4ZS0Q; PA L<~>ON wsth building of 7 furnlrhed
room*; ior* ground lease; close to Union Iron
~V"rks: rilac* eetpb. 15 year* and doing a first-
ria^s ;ia>irp luFir.ets; owner leaving city.
< s!l Tt. O. vriLKK. IS', Kearny gt.
A. — CORNER <-ipar furore en Kearny et. ; clear-
Ing aben- Ji:,o j*-r month. Call R, G. WILKE
__j Kfiarny et.
A —TRIP TO EUROPE. '
TSAJCKRP DON'T MISS THIS.
itf.oao net <«rh in 5 years; home bakery, coffee
larlor. r.ui-iness center of 8. P.; all counter
trade; 12309; oouble your money in 18 months;
aaa't fa'.l m ?*•• my events. K.HKDO &. I/CT-
TOX. 3C G~ary tt.
S'.r.nn— DRUG store and doctor's practice; J200
monthly. KREDO 4- DrTTON. 26 Geary it
SINO—KirPTAI-p.ANT: near city; rmTrr^eil ac-
~MTBt departure; CO regular borders; part
¦ 3rh If der-red. M< Leugh'.ln & Co.. 777\i Mkt.
j:r,— SALOON; Market «. ; half price thil day
nre chance. Mclaughlin & Co.. 7~H Market
S4^f— SALOON on Market half trice. _t^I
LAUGHLIN & CO.. 777^ Market £t
A -SAY . nSHER & CO.r"havr~yoa lodging"
hwm_ ¦><¦*. -nhat rrire? $ JW up. any loca-
twn <lp?ir"d: 12 rooms. JSifl; m rooms HW- 10
r- nrr.-i. nw. BOO, fine; ?0 rooms, bargain 17M-
=T raoms. «•>*>, Knap; all *l7.e«. all prices, all
Ijarpclne; C— U ar.d see ua. 1(3; Market.
$::0>-WOOD. ccal. hay. praln and "teajnTne
business; a Larrain. LANK & CO., SC5 Mrkt.
I27S— OEUCACT and canned goods, meats and
prxn-Mona; clean trern stock; t leasant rooma-
tow PCCC LANE & CO.. 6C5 Market et.
¦VVK have largest list of saloon*, hotels, gir>-
'•¦rif«=. cl*rar ftoref, etc.. In the cliv Call
PCir.VEINJIARD & CO.. S17 Market St.. l,«-
twecn Fifth and Fixth; telephone Mlr.t 1911.'
IF you are looking to buy a corner grocery
*¦-.'! looti. cigar store, hranch bmkmy or tny
litKinesB, caJl on us: It costb nothing to sec
¦ ur list. A. E. Pklff 4- Co.. Z0i Montgomery.
r.OX*TE for sale on Chronicle. Box 4SS0 Cali
office.
SALOON and lodjrinjr-house to rent. Cor. lit
find Federal, Mall Dock; asrlst good man.
ATTENTION— A luritlmate mercantile oj>enlng
!n ettaWixhed and payini; business requiring
nnre capita!, can be secured by right party
»;th IVjOO nr upward; tales now exceed $1000 a
0»y. Address box 4?67, Call office.
— f.ne rcRtaurajit. new and elegant; good bus!-
ne*K location; cer.traJ; will stand lnvestlga-
lion; Bood reasons for telling. Box 43CS, Cal!.
fAIXXJN and rrocery buelnees. 14 Heron «t.
JinSTAirrtANT, eurreunded by factories; rood
buelnees; caues given. tCt and 610 Seventh et.
I BUSINESS CHANCES CONTINUED.
TWO miles from county seat; residence; ealoon
doing good business; picnic grounds; best Bel-
gian rabbitry in the country; 3 poultry yards,
fenced and stocked, alfalfa growing on place
sufficient for all stock; arbors, trees, stables;
horse, buggy, spring wagon; windmill and
large Iron water tank and tankhouse: barns
and blacksmith shop and tools; grapes suffi-
cient for v.ine and business purposes; this
offer is made for a reasonable price because
the vendor Is compelled to go to Europe at
once on business of immediate personal lm-
1-ortance; the »bov« offer covers two acres
of the bef--t land In the State; adjoining from
t to 2CG acres of like character, all of which
Is for sale; fare irom S. F. only 50c; see
party Thursday nnd Friday at New Western
I Hole!, cor. Washington and Kearny st3.. at
I 11 a. m.: this Is better opportunity than Nome
or Klondike; owner cleared last year $1000.
PARTIES having capita! to Invest In large or
email amounts can secure a permanent Invest-
ment which will pay net dividends from 15 to
40 per, cent annually; fullest Investigation;
wnd for particulars. Address Fisheries, box
1111. Call office^
I FOR sale — $3'it>; an old-established horseshoe-
Ilng buviness, near city; Includes shop and
tools; averages 20 horses daily; first-class
. prlcta; present owner wishes to retire. AU-
I drees box 4923. Call office, for particular*.
' I-X3R eale — Al saloon In besl of business quar-
j ter; mercantile lunch; day business; only
$1SCO; absolutely pood bargain; no agents.
MR. REMMER. ISIS Market Bt.. bet. 7-S. ib.
A — RAKE business opportunity: an old-estab-
liKhed well-paying restaurant for tale; can
ecat 140 veoplt : reason for selling, other busi-
ness. Apply 250A East Et.. near Folsom.
TO rent— For coal yard, milk depot, etc.; fine
location: plaoe Is entirely covered: contains S
stalls: rent only $15; water free. Inquire WM.
HENDRICKBON & CO., C14 Call gliding.
I " ' :
I HOME bekery. well fitted up, 4 living-rooms,
j furnished, will be sold at a bargain, with or
1 without furniture. Call at 1019 Valencia st.
j FRUIT store, horse and wagon, 5 living rooms:
. g<;od location: selling cheap on account of
I Blcknets. Address box 495S. Call office.
! A— J1SO0; CORNER grocery and bar; well estab.
! l'.shed; outside trade; fine locality; rare op-
jwrtunlty. Hox 4932. Call office,
I finon — PARTNER: b'.g mor.ey: business trans-
| acrion; stand thorough Investigation. Call or
I arfdress 1PSH Fell.yt.
i JTOOC^-PARTNER wanted In old established
' bU5lne£5: rr.-jst have a knowledge of hard-
I ware Address box 4OTI, Call office.
i $M00 — OLD cash corner grocery and bar; fine
! location. Particulars ZO Lily ave.
! FOR sale— Klonlyke Oyster House; money
j maker: cause e»ckne*s. 12C Third st.. at 12 m.
OYSTER and tamale grctto and fine bar: estab.
13 years. FE. cor. Twenty-fourth and Folsom.
! K50O— PARTNER: pomethlng rich: honorable
busines«: investigate, lill Market st.
WANTED— Partner with $300 In a saloon; cea-
I tor of city. Addrers box 3."Sl, Call office.
¦ $4(V»— CORNER grocery and bar, with 4 living
! rooms. 1111 Howard St.. corner Langton.
[ COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
I __ CASVriiLL & CO.. «U Bacramento Bt.
I CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
I received at Call branch office. 2100 Fillmore' st.
¦ A BRANCH office for Call advertleements and
subscriptions has been established at 10J6 Va-
lencla. ft.
i-oi)GixG-iiorsi:s ron salb.
A— 22-ROOM rooming-house; central $1000
11-room house; $300 down, balance easy.. fOO
20-room house; llrst class 10C0
11-room house $475: 6-room flat 325
FISHER & CO.. 1032 Market St.
R. H. WIN5TON~& CO.. 1026 Market st.
IS rocrr.s; rent $50; c'.ean house $750
1 46 rooms; rent $:»: Income J325 30CO
47 rooms; rent $100: corner; clears 5175 1900
ir? rooms; terms to Fiilt buyer I0C0
LODGING-HOUSE buyers, attention— Houpes
at reduced prices; genuine bargains; sires and
locations to suit: money loaned. SCJTvVEIN-
HAP.n & CO.. 817 Market St.. between Fifth
and Sixth; j»hnn« IMS.
A~ SPECIAL INDUCEMENT
ON KREIX) & DUTTON, S5 Geary et.
$700 cs«h for M rooms: new; Installments.
$"00 for 14 rooms; Geary.: $35 profit.
J4.V1 only ir.r 14 rooms; Post: worth $900.
MARION GRIFFIN, 719 Market St., room No.
1— Houses of all sizes and prices; please call
for free list: money to loan.
Jl'PO FOR to rooma; Income $200 month. M.
GRIFFIN. 719 Market: mcstlyhskpg apartmts.
WANTEI>-Tfrant for new lin-room hou?«. A.
M. BPECK & CO., CS7 Market st.
CHEAPEST and best in America— Th« Weekly
Call. 1C pages, pent to any address In the.
United Ptatos or Canada one year for $1.
! LODGING-HOUSES TO LET.
I WAXTED — Tenant for new 119-room house. A.
! M. SPECK & CO.. CC7 Merket St.
CARRIACFS AXD WAGONS.
ALL kinds of T3;ons, bugcrlea. carts, harness,
etc.. cheap. EGAN & EON. H17 Mission st.
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single, also llcht
carr.ping wagon, for gale cheap. 632 Mission.
NEW & CJ-hand •wagons. buBgie!?. carts & har-
| " ness, work & driving horses. 15th ft Valencia.
I SPONOES and chamois our specialty. AMER-
ICAN SPONOE CO.. 1M New Montgomery St.
CAMPAIGN' PHOTO BOTTOHS.
MF'T of all kinds of photo buttons andjewtlry;
wholesale and retail: send for catalogue.
Miniature Portrait Co.. *V, Market St.. 8. F.
SPIRITUALISM.
I ARRIVED— Mm. Dr. Farnham. world-renowned
i spiritual medium; advice In all affairs of life,
! lawsuitf dlvort-»>s. deEths; unites the sepa-
I rated; miring a specialty; cirs. Sun..Wed..Frl.
I f?v'f; ccme and be convinced. (Permanently)
j C13 F-ddy St., bet. Hyd? and I^rkln; no elgn.
i MME. TOKNO. CCr, McAllister, convincing <3em-
j onf-tration cf Fririt return to-night; 10c.
! MRS. KOTTEit :» Sixth tt., circle to-day, 2 &.
! i p. m.; 10c; pitting* dally; G.. $1; L., 50c.
. MRS. MAXWELL, spiritual mtg to-night ;con-
j vlnoing tert: readngs dailv.S p.m.l2SS Howard.
i MRP. LESTER— Clr. gun.. Tues., Fri. eve.,
I lCc; readings dally. 100 Turk st.
I GO to WATSON. 15M Market, rr. 12th— Famous
I palmist & medium; lucky & true; :."-c & 50c.
; MATCIIETT bolda circle to-night. 8 o'clock; 10c;
[ test to all. 122 Fourth £t.; sittings dally, iOc.
! MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, clairvoyant, Ust. busl-
I neps medium, life re-ader; sitting* $1. 1104 Mkt.
! FRIENDSHIP Hall, 325 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
I Meyer, nit. daily: convinc'g tests to-night 10.;.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
j MMK. PORTKR. wonderful clairvoyant at card
I n-ader. born v.-ith double veil & second sight,
I <Meirr.of*« dlseafe with life reading; lad>s00c;
j ger.ts $1; palm. & clalr. sit. $1 50. 120 Turk st.
I 1FMAR. the Egyptian gypsy clairvoyant an.l
paimist. permanently located 1143 Market, opp.
I Cth; private readings daily 10 a. m. to 5 p. m.
' MME. BERNARD reads life fluently; advice
I given In all affairs In life; satisfaction guar-
! anteed; rr*- nxa. 17 Third Ft., next Examiner.
MME. LENEMAR— Fortunes by planets; pre-
dicted ovtrdia stmr Gold wreck. 310 Mason st.
j MRS. E. M. r>I"VALL. clairvoyant and healer^
1 6 iagnoseg diKeases. 425 Oclden Oate ave.
[ MME. ZEREDA. the gypsy, is the great palm-
1ft and card reader; 2ie. 7 Seventh; no sign.
! MME. HANSON, palmistry, card reader; past,
j vre^ent future, 25c 143 Sixth St.. room 14.
CLAIRVOYANT, trance, business medium; card
reader, 2Dc up. S23 Mission st.. nr. 4th; no sign.
A OTP8T, genuine clairvoyant, located 10 da>s»
941' Mission; ladies. 25c; gents, 60c. Frawley.
MMK. VALEEN. clairvoyant, palmist; card read-
er: real Egyptian charms. 21.1 lyavenworth.
MME. ROTH, sreat prophetic card reader;
60c. 70S Kills St.. near I^irkln.
MRS. MELVILLE, well-known clairvoyant, wa-
ter reader, moved to 11 Sixth; German spoken.
! Mill:. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
* palmistry; truth or no pay; 25c. 1149 Mission.
MilE. KC1IAFKER, clairvoyant, card reader"
elttinen daily. 212</, Sixth Kt.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently: business
i advice; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth St.
JCA11PKT IUIATIXG AND CLEAMXG.
j \VHh.N you bsc-ome di£gut>tej with poor work
j tend to S.PAt;LUIN<5'S Pioneer Carpet-Beat-
i lDr ' V ' ork ''' OZ-tSl Teh ana *t. ; tel. South 40.
; J. MrQUEiCN'n California Carpet Cleaning Co
¦ 4S3 Stevenson H. ; t«l. South 22S: lowest rates.
i J. K. MITCHELL Carpet-Beating and Reno-
I vatlng Co.. 2« fourteenth si.; tel. Mission 74.
CIT7 h'team Carpet-Beating Works. O. H.
STEVENS, rngr.. 58-40 gth Bt.; tei. South S50.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard, laid at 4c.
! STRATTON'fi. 2 Eighth St.; tel. Jessie 944.
I ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 gutter it.;
! _Jel 1 _Maln 3S4. GEO. Tl-ALCOM. proprietor.
1 CON KLIN'S Carpet-Beating Works. 233 Golden
I '-ate ave. : telephone East 126.
CHIROPODISTS.
j BUNIONS. lnRrcwn nails. c£msTabsoiute"^ur#7
: painless; consult'n free. Dr.Duncan.415 Sutter.
j ———¦——. ________ ———»———»—»
I COLLECTION OFFICES.
j GEORGE W. KELWrTAVeney-Xo "cn^gTvI^
I les« eucceseful. Room 310. 827 MarUet et.
DENTISTS.
AT the eLeCTRO-DENTAL CLINIC, 8C9 Mart
ket St., cor. 4th, rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions dona painlessly; teeth
without plates our BDecialty; gold crowns,
$3 CO up; plates, extractions free, $4 50 up; of-
fice hours, 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. ; Sundays, 9 to 2
p. m. G. W. WI LLIAMSON. M. P.. Manager.
A— DR. V. CAVALSKY has returned from
the Paris Exposition with some of the finest
patents for painless dentistry, plates, teeth
without a plate, crown and bridge work; all
work warranted: plates, full set. $3; fillings,
5Cc; crown. $1 50. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 tith.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings; extractions or fillings by my won-
derful uecret. painless method; 20 years' ex-
perience; no students; advice free-; prices
cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, 20 O'Farrell st.
CROWN and bridge work experts; our work Is
unexcelled and our prices are the lowest; call
and see our samples and get our prices before
going elsewhere; best of references; examina-
tion free. DR3. PERKINS & DOVEY. 1019
Market St.. bet. Sixth and Seventh; elevator.
TEETH extracted free; plates. $5: crowns. ?3 50;
bridge work. $5; all the latest methods for
painless dentistry; hours, 9 a. m. to 9 p. m.
Modern Dental Parlors. 1206 Market, cor. Q. G.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
— No charge for extracting when plates aro
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $8 per set; extracting, 00c; gas given.
LOWEST prices In S. F. : painless extraction;
_50c. New York Dentists, S69 Mission, cor. 6th.
PARIS Dental Parlor. 235 Kearny, cor. Bush—
Full set of teeth, $4; crowns, $3; fillings. 23c.
VAN VROOM— "Painless"; evenings and Sun-
days. 1001 Market St.. corner Sixth.
BET of teeth without plate. DrT h7~ O.
YOUNG. 1S41 Polk st.
DOG HOSPITALS.
51T¥TOARD'?15og'iiospital. Post. Filimore^
Advice and medicine, 7oc; city visits, $1 SO: all
animals treated; dogs boarded. Tel. West S36.
DR. Cree!y*s C. P. mange cure and worm pills
by druggists or at hospital, B10 Golden Gateav.
DRESSMAKERS AXD SEAMSTRESSES
McDowell Dressmaking and Mlfllnery School;
private class; patterns cut. 1013 Market st.
S, F. Dressmaking, Ladles' Tailoring and Mil-
linery School; French system. 411 Van Ness.
ACCORDION pleating factory: all kinds pleat-
lng. pinking. 121 Post, over O'Connor&Moffatt.
EDLCATIOXAL.
j AYRES* Business College. 723 Market St.; life
j pcholarsnip, $50: Includes shorthand, typing,
bookkeeping, telegraphy; day and evening;
I Just added, new business practice offices and
j 10 new typewriters;-- catalogue free.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post St., S. F.—
J Practical courses In bookkeeping, shorthand,
typing, languages, telegraphy, English
branches, civil, electrical and mining engi-
neering, etc.; new 80-page catalogue free.
GALLAGHER-MARSH College, Parrott Bldg.—
Shorthand, typing and bookkeeping; Robert F.
Gallagher, expert court reporter, teacher of
shorthand; reportorlal phrasing taught; prac-
tical bookkeeping; full course, %Z0; catalogue.
NIGHT School for Men at the Y. M. C. A.
building. Mason and Ellis pts. ; registration,
Sept. 10-24; studies elementary and advanced;
great opportunity for young men to gain a
practical business education.
A — THE LYCKITM. an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and medical
colleges; references, President Jordan or anv
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
ALL students but two taking full course this
year got positions. SAN FRANCISCO BUSI-
NESS COLLEGE, 1236 Market Bt.
BOOKKEEPING, free trla\; private lessons; I
mos. In college not equal to 8 wks. with me;
$25. TARR. expert accnt., 429 Parrott bldg.
ENGINEERING, civil, elec, mining, mech. sur-
j vey, aKsay, cyanide, arch.; day, eve.; est. 1S&4.
j VAN DER NAILLEN SCHOOL, 983 Market.
CARLOS N. KELLER, tenor soloist: voice cul-
ture and nlano. 324 Golden Gate ave.
CALIFORNIA Business College Is again en-
larging quarters. Come eee us, 305 I/arkln st.
MUNSON School Shorthand. Typing. Bookkeep-
ing. Spanish. 137 Monfy. E". M. Carpenter, pr.
riANO and German; pupil of Conservatory In
Ijolpglc; lessons 7Dc. 320 Golden Gate ave.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
j etc.. day or eve.; $3 mo. 1"24 Mission, nr. £th.
| LE JEUNE Art and Craft School; modeling,
j fiesif-nlr.e, carving, all branches. 424 Pine st.
' EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
j A — JAPANESE and Chinese employment con-
tractor: estab. over 10 years; all kinds help.
421 Post St., near Powell; telephone Bush 135.
JAPANESE Housecleanin* Co. — Walters, cooks,
dishwashers. KPt. 3S9O. 1026 Oak: tel. Pago547.
UNION Japanese-Chlneso emp. office— Best help
furn.; domestic serv. 417 Powell; tel. Bush 376.
ORPHET'M Employment Office — Japanese. Chi-
nese help. 42« Powell. nr.Sutter; tel.Black 5072.
JAPANESE and Chinese Employment Office;
best hr-lp furn.; tel. John 2121. 806Vi Stockton.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office —
B»?t hf-lp. 4U'£ O'Farrell st.: tel. East 42S.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — FEMALE.
A FIRST-CLASS laundress desires a situation
In private family; best of references. J. F.
CROSKTT & CO.. 316 Sutter St.
SITUATION wanted by middle-aged woman;
llcht housework, ' or would assist with chil-
dren: pewing; city or country. Call 1212
Mission st.
A COMPETENT Danish girl wishes situation
to do second vrork; wages $23; call bet. 10 ar.d
4. 133 Seventh st.
AN American middle-aged woman wishes a
situation as housekeeper; a girl of 11 years
with her. Call or address 039 Howard Bt.
YOUNG German, first-clafs cook and baker,
position In family; wages $35; reference given.
,>pp'.y 1T31 Pine st.
DANISH woman wishes position to do general
housework In small family; best references.
&2S Mission st.. near Fifth.
POSITION as nursery governess; speaks Ger-
man and English. Ik.x 49S1, Call office.
DRESSMAKER wishes work; will do any kind
of st-wing. Address box 1341, Call office.
LA1>Y wishes Fewlng and repairing to <"Uo at
home. 110 Sixth r,t. , room 1. ¦
MIDDLE-AGED lady wishes to do light house-
work. Call at 716 Franklin st.
YOUNG girl wishes to assist In light house-
work. 1723 Scott st.
YOUNG German, good bookkeeper and ac-
countant, also correspondent In English.
Spanish and German; been three years In
Mexico; has best references: wishes a posi-
tion In this capacity. Address box 33S0. Call.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms; 2.1c to $1 GO night, $1 50 to $«
week; convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore st.
A RRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — MALE?
YOITNG man wants to learn the blacksmith
trade; Is competent and willing; has had
som» experience striking. Box 49SC, Call.
F.LDERLY German, clean, sober, wishes a sit-
uation to cook lunch and bartending. Call or
address J. B.. £10 Sacramento St.
WORK wanted by an all-around mechanic;
married man. Address box 4982, Call office.
BAKER- Bread and cakebaker wants position;
day work desired. 313 Leavenworth st.
A GENTEEL^ eld*rly man wishes employment;
office, store or factory; make himself gener-
ally useful; fair lenman; reliable In any busi-
ness: salary no object; references flrst-clads.
Box 45C6, Call.
A POSITION as grocery salesman In retail
grocery, store: has had several years' experi-
ence and lately from large grocery house;
I can furnish best of references. Box 4970, Call.
RELIABLE man (German) desires position In
wholesale house or drive delivery wagon; best
c^ty references: sixteen years last place of
employment. Address A. E., box 3728. Call.
WANTED — As coachman by a man who thor-
oughly understands his business; can drive
four; light weight; age. 33. Apply box 43C4
Call office. ~-
A YOUNG man wishes position as clerk, book-
keeper or correspondent; speaks and writes
Spanish fluently and can furnish A No. 1 ref-
erences, llox 4961, Call.
YOUNG man. good shaper, band saw hand;
can take charue of work as foreman; good
draughtsman and designer. Address box
2012, Call office, Oakland.
EXPERIENCED first-class gardener. 30 years'
practice, seeks position In hotel, private place
or big orchard. Address A. W., 431 Pine Et.
YOUNG roan wants a position as bartender or
anything In grocery store; first-class refer-
ence. Box 4975, Call office.
PAINTER and decorator, first-class, wishes
steady or long Job In Institution or hotel; 8
years of first-clase hotel references; reason-
able. L. , box 3530, Call office.
LUMBER and freight measurer wants position-
IB years" experience In Eastern steamship
lines; can take full charge shipping office
work. Address box 3720, Call office.
YOUNG man wishes place to. learn barber
trade; wages no object while learning. , Box
4J21, Call office.
EMPLOYMENT . WA-KTED — MALE.
YOUNG German. goodTbookkeeper and account-
ant. • also correspondent In English, Spanish
and German; been three years In Mexico; has
best references; wishes a position In this ca-
paclty. Address box 3380, Call office.
SITUATION wanted by a first-class German
gardener; can take care of horses and car-
riage. Address Gardener, box 3361. Call office.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 \ a-
lencla st - '¦ "'¦¦- "•¦ '-'**•
EXCHANGE. _^
TWO houses lTTL^aTAngelM^Exc^ange for San
Francisco property or sell for cash. Install-
nients or first mortgage. Box 4978, Call office.
EXPERT OPTICIANS.
EYES examined free; spectacles properly ad-
justed. N. Manasyo. oculist optician. 910 Mkt.
FINANCIAL.
IF rou h a ve stocks or bonds of any kind for
«ale. call or address PACIFIC COAST \jii-
DKRWRITTNG CO.. £04 Parrott building.
flats to iet.
100" flatsThouses and cottages.
907 Eddy. n. f.. 8 r.$S5|510 Jones, r. I.. 5 r.$la
1239 Leavw'th.f.6r$37 50| 221- Austin, f.. «r $14
1207 Dev'd'ro. f. 6 r.$25|319% O'Far'Il. t. 4 r.$10
1694 Page, n. f... 4 r.$20U222 26th. c. 6 r $11
Flats wanted— A. M. SPECK & CO., 667 Mkt.
ELEGANT sunny top fiat; 6 rooms, bath; near
City Hall. 151 Grove st.
£00 FRANKLIN St.. cor. Fell— Nice clean sunny
flat. 4 rooms and bath; modern Improvements,
IF you want to move set printed list flats to let
from BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Montgomery.
LILY, 133. near Octavia-Sunny upper flat; 5
fine rooms, yard and basement.
.UPPER sunny flat, 6 rooms and bath; large
yard. Apply 2S06 Howard st.
$9— FLAT, 5 rooms, 4SVi Federal; Mall dock;
newly painted; free till October 1.
> FLATj TO I,KT PURMSHKO.
NICELY furnished flat to rent; also house-
keeping rooms. 17S1 Halght st.. near Golden
Gate Park. - -
Ft'RXITl'HE FOR SALE.
4 ROOMS furnished in oak for $4S 50. with No. 7
ra nge. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
FURNITURE of 3 rooms for sale cheap. Box
4979. Call office. ¦
KUKMTl'HE y^^JiEH:
CHAS. LEVY buys your furniture, carpets,
pianos, etc. 1135 Market St.; tel. Jessie 761.
ALWAYS 'phone John 1041 before selling your
furniture. Standard Furn. Co.. 745 Mission.
Auctioneer— L. Vincent. 1305 Larkln;tel.Polk 694;
furniture & furn'd houses bought: spot caah.
$5000 worth of furniture, carpets, etc., wanted.
M. Sllveretein. 1121 Market; tel. Folsom 1105.
ALFRED WOLLPERT. 773 Mission St.. pays
highest price for your second-hand furniture.
W. E. CODY (late with J. T. Terry & Co.) buys
furniture, carpets, 757 Mission; tel. Red 3353.
HELP WAMBD-KEMALH.
Ci R. HANSEN & CO. ...PHONE GRANT 1S5
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
2 v,-ai tresses, south, J25, fare paid; 2 wait-
resses, P'resno, $25, fare paid; 10 waitresses,
different commercial hotels. S20 and $25: 2
waitresses, city, J20; 5 lunch waitresses. fZ 50
week, no Sunday work; 2 chambermaids to
wait, $20; woman cook, $35; fancy lroner, $33
to $43, fare paid.
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
j 2 houseglrls to go south for families near to-
' gether, $25 and J20: working housekeeper,
j small American family, city, $20; Z mothers
I and daughters (good wages); cook. 2 In fam-
! lly, $20; cook in laundry, $20; second girls,
*20 and $25; houseglrls; cooks. C. R. HAN-
SEN Hz CO.. 104 Geary St.
] WANTED— 4 waitresses for coflee parlor and
i confectionery, $% and found, see party at 10
j o'clock; 10 hotel waitresses, ?20: restaurant
waitress, $7 and JS week; 8 second girls, $20-
$25; 5 cooks, plain wash. 130: a large number
of houseglrls. $2n-$;5 and $30, for city anil
country. J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 316 Sutttr.
A CHAMBERMAID; city; J1S. MISS CUL-
LEN. 325 Sutter St. ¦
A COLORED cook, city, $25; cook, Oakland,
$30; cook, San Rafael, 530; 2 cooks, Ameri-
can families, $30 each. •
'A woman with a chltd. city. $15; a woman
•with a child, Mt. View. $15, fare paid. MISS
CULLEN. ?25 Sutter St.
WANTED— An Al candy saleslady to take
charge of a candy department; must have hai
good retail experience; state references, sal-
j ary. experience. Address box 3747. Cal; ofllce.
j WANTED — Experienced saleslady In chinawam
; department in large retail store; state refer-/
J ences, salary, experience. Address box 3T4S.
j Call office.
YOUNO girl to assist In light housework and
care of two children; wages $12. 924Vj Harrl-
Eon tt.
! A GIRL for general housework and cooking;
family of 3; J20. Call at 24 Hill st.. oft Vu-
lencla.
A FINISHER wanted, nnd ladles' tailor; good
v.-ages M. FEDER, 211 Post st.
WA NT ED-t- Waitress for coffee house. 435 Ellis
street.
YOUNG girl to assist In housework at 117 Bart-
I letl St.; wages $J5.
GIRL or woman for light housework: $15. 2427
Butter et.. near Broderick. *
A GIRL about 13 years to take care two chil-
dren. Call after 10 a. m., 1616Vs Jackson st.
GOOD operator and buttonhole maker on vests;
also few girls to learn. 157 Fourth Et. .^
WANTED— Good, steady finishers on pants;
nlso operator. 157 Fourth st.
TALENTED amate-ur performers wanted. Ap-
ply at Chutes at 6 p. m.
WANTED-Experlenced book folder in book
bindery. Address box 1831, Call office.
WANTED— A good, first-claps waitress at 304
Manon Bt.: wages $7 a week.
WANTED— Girl to work. Inquire 141-147 Fre-
j mont st.
I TWO woman c,T girls for general housework,
I with or without child, at 1304 Post st.
GIRL to assist with housework; sleep home;
wages $12. 1007 Sutter st.
IRONERS wanted. Modern Laundry Co., SS5
Eighth st. '
WANTED— Second trimmer, Improver; also
apprentice; stamper. Apply 1618 Sutter st.
GERMAN or Scandinavian girl for general
housework and cooking; wages $25. 311 Scott.
EXPERIENCED lroner~on ladies' clothes;
steady work. 10 Oak st.
GIRL to care for baby, daytime; plecp home.
Call between 10 and 12 to-day. 300 Uaker st.
WANTED— Salesgirl for bakery and coffee
saloon. Call. 132 Fourth et.
GIRL wanted for general housework and cook-
ing. 1733 Post st.
GIRL for general housework; 2 In family; $15;
9 to 12 a. m. 1134 Ellis st.
WOMAN wanted for housework; no objection
to child. Call 319 Third St.
GIRL to assist In housework; call after 2
o'clock p. m. HC9 Clay st.
A LADY of Indomitable energy possessed of
self-assertion; good opportunity to right party.
F. PERSON, room 412 Parrott building.
WANTED — Women and girls to w6rk on toma-
toes, canning and preparing; highest wages
paid: steady work; prizes for quick work.
Apply immediately to U. S. FRUIT PACK-
ING CO.. Harrlcon ave., between Seventh and
Eighth »ts., off Folsom.
APPRENTICES on overalls. STANDARD
SHIRT FACTORY, cor. Gough and Grove sts.
GIRLS to rivet overalls, also sewing machine
operators, at Levl Strauss & Co.'s factory,
32"; Fremont Kt. ; no experience necessary;
good wages. Apply to MR. DAVIS.
WANTED — A woman who is bright and dresses
neatly to travel for wholesale house. Uox
4U72, Call office.
EXPERIENCED girl to take care of child and
do light housework; two In family; wages $10.
2520 Mission st.
WANTED— German girl; general housework;
wages $20. Apply 414 Van Ness ave., bet.
10 and 12. •
A— TRIMMER, maker and apprentices in milli-
nery store, at 692 McAlllater st.
ELDERLY woman to assist with housework.
180C Geary st.
WANTED — Finishers on pants; good wages and
Hteady work. 3«6 Sixth st.
WANTED— Girls to shell' 'walnuts. 123 Clay
St.. between 8 and 10, upstairs.
WANTED— Experienced or inexperienced Iron-
»rs at Eureka Laundry. 20 Colllngwood'st.
BY -widower, reliable woman; general house-
work and care of children. Apply 3329 22d.
WANTED — A good experienced waitress; none
other need apply. 20 Third st. ___
GIRLS wanted at United States Laundry, Slx-
teenth St.. near Valencia. -
.HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
IRONERS wanted at United States Laundry,
Sixteenth at., near Valencia.
EXPERIENCED operators on electric power
sewing machines on shirts at GREENE-
BAUM, WEIL & MICHELS. 531 Mission st.
WAITRESS and seamstress by the day or to
room; best references required. Address box
T.735. Call office.
GIRL make beds and waft at table. $1S; good
Job. Observatory. Telegraph Hill.
LADY in office; splendid chance for. free edu-
cation In bus. training school. 2007 FUlmore.
. YOUNG girl, 16, to assist housework and help
mind baby; sleep home. Ill Chattanooga et.
A GIRL wanted for general housework: must
understand cooking; wages $30. 1257 Octavla.
GIRLS wanted 'at Comstock Dance HaH, 61S
Pacific St., corner Montgomery ave.
PANTS finisher wanted at 5Vi Kearny st., room
18.
APPRENTICES on coats, pants and vests,
paid while learning. 541 Market st.
OPERATORS on shirt waists. E. sSTEIN-
HART. 230 Sutter st.
GIRLS with experience. Book bindery. 536
Clay st.
WANTED— Women and girls to work on fruit.
1731 Folsom st., between 13th and 14th.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 220O Fillmore at.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at iOH
Valencia St. ;
HELP WASTED — MALE.
A^cTrThaNSEN & CO'S 104 Geary Si.
£00 men for new railroad work
150 teamsters. State of .Nevada. $2 a day
60 laborers. S. P. Co's work. Surf $2 a day
£0 laborers, Truckee $190 a day
CO tunnelmen for big tunnel, Chatsworth
Park, Los Angeles Co. $2 to $2 50 a day
Fee Jl 00 Ship dally Free fare
20 laborers for S. ,P. Co'a own work, Santa
Barbara Co.; $2 a day; board $4 60 a week;
free fare
10 carpenters, country, $3 a day; board Jl a
week; see party here
20 laborers for reservoir and water works,
Nepa Co., $2 a day, board $3 50 a week; 10
laborers, corntry sawmill. $2S and board; 6
ir.en to bivak horses to saddle. $45 and board;
driver for milk wagon, city, $12 a week; flor-
ist and gardener. $40 and found; 4 laborers
for foundry, $1 10 to $2 a day; farmer; San
Mateo Co.. $25; stablemen, woodchopperj,.
choremen and others.
,.. HOTEL DEPARTMENT
chef, restaurant, north, $125; 2 second cooks,
$76; third cook, $50; broiler, $C5; cook, resort,
$S0; cook, institution, 155; cook, $50; dish-
washer, S25. country restaurant; laundryman.
country, hotel, $35; laundryman and wife, ?60;
¦ colored waiter, country club $35.
C. R. HANSEN &.CO 104 Geary St.
STENOGRAPHER and typewriter, city. $40;
srocery clerk, $50. C. R. HANSEN & CO..
104 Geary st.
A YOUNG man who writes good hand for
wholesale house, $25. C. R, HANSEN & CO.,
104 Geary at. ¦
AL I1AYXOR, the steward, please communl-
cate with C.'R. HANSEN & CO,, 104 Geary,
GITS GRANSTROM. the broiler, please call.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
ENGINEER and tool sharpener for mine, $3
day, see boss here this morning; 4 carpenters,
city, $3 and $3 50 day; edgerman, $3; 2 planer-
men, $r>0 and found; and other mechanics. J.
F. CROSETT & CO.. 62S Sacramento st.
MAN and wife, private family, city, $40 to $50;
. farmer and wife, $50; man and -wife for
bakerj't $35. and 3 other men and wives for
ranches and private families; 10 farmers and
1 ult pickers. $1 day and board; teamsters,
$1 and $1 50 day and board: 6 grape pickers.
12 ton, near city; milkers for steady work,
$23 and $3f>; and others. J. F. CROSETT .i
CO., C2S Sacramento st.
! FOREMAN baker. $75; cook and helper for
j ranch. JGO: cook and wife, country hotel. $75;
board Ing- house cook. $50; second cook, $3j;
restaurant second cook, $40; night cook, $40;
2 waiter?, country boarding-house, $25; d!sh-
j washer and many others. J. F. CROSKTT
Ac CO.', 62S Sacramento st.
I A— WANTED
10 car men around mine, no experience "re-
quired. $2 a day; driver, small milk route, $35
and board; 4 swampers, $30 and fare ad-
vanced; milker. ?30 and fare: farmer and wife.
$40; German for poultry yard, country. }25 and
found; laundryman. $30; dairyman, J23; wood-
choppers, J3 a cord; 20 men for woods nnd
( milk. $30 and fare paid: winery hand. $25;
j middle-aged man for Infirmary, $15 and fd
W. P. KWER & CO., 610 Clay st.
A WAITER,- Catholic institution; also a dish-
washer, $15. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
A— MAN and wife, ranch, $35. MISS CULLEN.
I 325 Sutter st.
2 TEAMSTERS, country, $30 each; ranch hand,
$30. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter Bt.
BARBERS" Progressive Union— Free employ-
ment. H. Bernard. Sec.. 104 7th; tel. Jessie 152.
Al BUSHKLMAN wanted. Apply S. N. WOOD
& CO., 71S Manket st.
CASH boys wanted; only those attending night
school need apply. S. N. WOOD & CO.. 71S
Market St.
WANTED— A reliable and steady young man
to learn the. trade of siphon bottling: must be
| active; eood wages. M. MOURET & CO.,
j Inc., 815 Montgomery st.
j WANTED- Reliable man to drive milk wagon.
$50 per month nnd Increase; must have $„'¦)
security. 2200 Point Lobes ave.
WANTED — Boy to do errands and to learn
feeding Gordon presses. Apply Town Talk
Publishing Company, 1019 Market st.
MAN to clean up and help around an oyster
house; one with experience preferred. Mo-
becca Oyster House. 390 Fourth st.
WANTED— Young man that understands gro-
cery and bar business; good home for the
_Hght man. 140 Fifth st.
STRONG young man to make himself gener-
ally useful In hay and grain business; board
and moderate wages. 2324 San Bruno.
TALENTED amateur performers wanted. Ap-
ply at Chutes at 6 p. m.
A STRONG young man to work In pressroom
cutting paper; $5 to start. Box 3746, Call.
WANTED— Stove molder for snap work. Ap-
ply SIS Kearny st.
BOYS and girls wanted: no experience. Mu-
tual Lltho. Co., 29 Main st* \
ERRAND boy. 229 Kearny St.: apply 'after 10
a. m.. F. H. LA WTO N & CO.
WANTED — A good piano player. 722 Howard
St.. from 11 till 2 o'clock.
MILK wagon driver: Scandinavian preferred;
$30 and found. Call 145 Noe st. -
WANTFD — Shoemaker on repairing. 413 Fol-
scrn Ft.
EXPERIENCED young man. about IS. for
store; references; living at home. 517 Market.
WANTED— A cook for restaurant; $10 per week.
1507 Market St., near Eleventh.
WANTED— A third cook at BREUSS CAFE,
70 Third at.
GOOD cook: Italian or German preferred; for
a restaurant. Call at 906 Kearny st.
WANTED— A good barber; steady place. 479
Ninth st.. Oakland. ¦ ._•; . ;. t -
WANTED — A young tailor to assist In making
fine custom coats. 3C5A Mason st.
BOOTBLACK for barber shop; wages $8. 2003
Fillmore St.. corner Pine.
BOY to drive butcher cart. Valencia and
• Twenty-fifth sts.
6 PAINTERS wanted. Call 319 Third st.
MAN wanted to work In dining-room. 15C2
! Kentucky st.
DISHWASHER wanted. 869 Hayes st.
GERMAN boy for printing office. Inquire room
3, 5L- i California st.
ELEVATOR boy. 29 Stockton Bt. ¦ -
A GENTLEMAN of Indomitable energy and
push: good opportunity to right man. F.
PERSON, room 412, Parrott building.
WANTED — Two men for collecting and solicit-
ing; German speaking preferred; good chance.
K. C. LITTLE, room 6, 405 Montgomery st.
WANTED— Mission boy to drive for butcher.
Call at Mission Dolores Market. Seventeenth
Ft., near Dolores.
ELDERLY man to do chores around bakery.
113S Folsom st.
BRIGHT man: collect; 8 to 9, 4 to 6. M. L.
RYAN. 405 Montgomery St., room 0.
YOUNG man wanted for jewelry store; state
age and reference. Box 4973. Call office.
BOY wanted. Drugstore, Sixth and Mission
streets.
YOITNG man to drive meat wagon. People's
Market. 22_> Market St.. cor. Noe.
WANTED — Boy. who has had some experience
at blacksmith trade. 1S00 Folsom St.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 5C2 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
MARKERS and distributors wanted at United
'States Laundry,' Sixteenth st, near Valencia.
WANTED— Youne butcher to cut^meat and
drive wagon. :>1S Eleventh St.. Oakland.
FOR sale— 2-chair barber shop. Address box
4976. Call office. . (
YOUNG butcher for shop and 'wagon. 1823
Point Lobos ave. -
HELP WANTED — 31 ALES.
A— MURRAY & READY.... PHONE MAIN BS43
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
WANT 7 A. M. TO-DAY
FREE.. WE.. SHIP...EVERYBODY...FHKQ
To All Parts of California. Utah, Nevada.
NUMBER. WANTED AT WAGES.
134 — Nevada. Truckee. Lake View.. $11 and fd
16— Los Angeles, Santa Barbara $2 day
24— Redding, Shasta, Fresno $1 90 day
118— Surf. Soda Springs, Salt Lake $: day
64— Dixon. Elmira and Bakersfleld...U 70 day
1C3— For 19 different divisions $2 day
FRERFARE OFFICE FEE ONLY $L
MURRAY & READY,
' 634-626 Clay st.
CLASSES OF HELP
A— NUMBER. "WANTED. WAGES.
35 — Laborers to help carpenters, you'll
suit $40 and found
3— Carpenters for vineyards
6 — Blacksmiths '....$45 and found
7 — Sash and door makers, plumbers and
tinner, shingle jointers, crosscut saw-
yers $2 50 to $3 day
65— Men to pile lumber, yards, etc $60
IS— Laborers to work at mines J42 and fd
12 — Miners, single-hand work $S0 and fd
82 — Farm, orchard, vineyard hands. .$26 and fd
IS— Milkers and butter-makers $30 and fd
6 — Fanners and wives, furnace man
$40 and found
12— Teamsters, road work $32 and fd
15 — Men to ride horses $45 and fd
19— Stablemen, city and country- -$35 and fd
IS— Choremen and boys, come see. .$25 and fd
150-rMen for Humboldt County.... $2S and fd
129 — Scraper teamsters, ail parts... $35 and fd
19— Drillers, brlcksetters. etc $2 50 day
1S3 — Laborera and teamsters for all parts of
California, some in clty..$l 75 to $2 50 day
4— Boatmen, beef luggers, stone masons,
$3 day
19 — Tailors, firemen, men for wine cellars.
bakers* and coal wagons, etc
$2 to $2 50 day
297— Jobs not advertised, come see $2 50 day
FRUIT AND GRAPE PICKING.
191 — Men or boys to pick fruit, work In
packing-houses, etc., you'll suit
$30 and found
SAWMILJ,S. WOODS. ETC.
94— Laborera to work In woods, mills,
yards, wharves. 15 different Jobs, free
$3i> to $O and" found
t — Ironmolders $3 £0 day
MURRAY & READY.
€34-635 Clay st.
A— HOTEL BAKERY BUTCHERS
LAUNDRY DEPARTMENT
Second cook, mines, JI0 and found, fare paid
28 cooks $.'.0, $60, $40. $30 and found
19 waiters $33. $30. $25. $20 and found
32 dishwashers .$30. $25. $20, $15 and found
12 bakers' assistants $49. S3.>. $30 and found
12 laundrymen $40, $35. $30. $25 and found
Candymakers; porter help for institution
6 butchers $35. $r.O and $50
MURRAY &" HEADY. 634-636 Clay st.
A— SPECIAL
2 stenographers and typewriters
$C0 and $45 and found
Sailor for launch
Wheelwright, country shop
Truck teamsters, city. $2 50 day; young man.
drive light wagon. $7 50 week; farmer and
wife. MURRAY & READY, 634-63G Clay st.
A-FREE TO LOS ANGELES FREi
Fare To Santa Barbara Fare
50 men $2 day
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay St.
WANTED— For V. 9. army, able-bodied, un-
married men between ages of 21 and 35, citi-
zens of United States, of good character and
temperate habits, who can speak, read and
write English; recruits are specially desired
for service In Philippines. For Information
apply to Recruiting Officer, 121 New Mont-
gomery st., San Francisco, Cal.
WANTED— Recruits for the United States Ma-
rine Corps, U. S. Navy; able-bodied, unmar-
ried men of good character, between the ages
of 21 and 35 years: not less than 6 feet 4
inches and not over 6 fe?t 1 Inch In height;
must be citizens of the United States or per-
¦ sons who have legally declared their Inten-
tions to become citizens; able to read write
and speak English properly. For further In-
formation apply at the Marlne/flecrultln< Of-
fice. 40 Ellis St.. San Francisco. Cal.. E3O K St..
Sacramento. CaL. or 1058 J st.. Fresno* Cal.
HTICKER, matcher and planer hands wanted
In San Francisco manufacturing establish-
ment: steady employment all year round to
suitable men; wages $3 to .$3 50 per day. Box
49C9. Call ofHee.
YOUNG man between IS and 21 years of age;
must be of good address, competent stenog-
rapher and have general knowledge of office
work; High School graduate preferred. Ad-
dress, giving references, box 33S3. Call office.
INTELLIGENT boy for apprentice salesman In
a large tinware and stove store; must write
a good hand; German or French preferred;
low waaes to commence with: chance <or ad-
vancement. Box 4090, Call office.
MKN wanted to learn barber trade; only fight
weeks required; positions guaranteed: special
Inducements; catalogue and map of city free.
HOLER'S BARBER COLLEGE. 635 Ciay St.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Fa\ Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver Houye, 217 Third st ; 130 large
rooms; 25c per night: $1 to $2 per week.
WANTED— Steady man to take Interest In
commission business; $150 required. Mc-
LAUGHLIN & CO.. 777H Market st.
NEW goods: quick sales: salary or commis-
sion; city or country. THE J. DEWING CO..
Flood building.
BARBER wanted. 2S14 Sixteenth et.. near Fol-
som.
GET your shoes half soled while waltlns: 25c
to 50c. 562 Mission St., bet. 1st and 2d sts.
GOOD waiters for restaurant. 7S9 Mission st
WANTED — Good barber: steady job. Apply at
725 Fourth St.. San Rafael; tel. Red 15.
BARBERS— 2-ohair shop for sale; owner has
other business: cheap. 3U2 Twenty-fourth st.
WANTED — A washer for plain work. Apply
Mercantile Towel Co.. 231 Jessie, nr. Fourth.
FOR sale— A C-chalr barber shop, on account of
going East. 14 Turk Ft.
JEWELERS, 32S Bush St.. third floor, room 4.
BOYS with experience Tat underpresslns on
pants and vests. £41 Market st.
WANTED — A man that undeVstands florist and
nursery business. COO Halght St.
WANTED— 100 men to tnke rooms. 10c, 15c and
20c Boston House, 530 Howard st.
BOYS wanted. SAN FRANCISCO "AND PA-
CIFIC GLASS WORKS. 7th and . Townsend.
SAILORS, ordinary seamen nnd green hards;
all parts of world. HERMAN'S. 26 Steaart.
LABORERS and drillers wanted at 527 Four-
teenth St.. near Guerrero. .
MEN and women to learn barber trade. S. F.
BARBER COLLEGE 741A Howard st.
PENSIONS— GEO. D. CAMPBELL, lawyer. 16
years' practice; Examiner building.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket; 700 rooms, ZZc night; reading-room; free
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st.
HORSES. LIVB STOCK. Etc For Sale
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market,
327 Sixth st.; auction sales every AVednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE, Auctioneers.
10 HEAD of driving and working horses at
TOMKINSON'S stables. 57 Minna 8t., bet.
First and Second sts.
70 HEAD draft, carriage and saddle horses; also
pneumatic and rubber-tired buggies; cheap.
• Occidental Horse Exchange. 721 Howard st.
HOUSES TO LET.
A^PFUNTED list: houses to let; send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
TO LET— House of 4 rooma and bath. 23'J.T
Polk st.
LOST AXD FOIT>D.
I/3ST— In dressing-room, Third and Townsend
st. depot, a purse, name of owner and address
on visiting cards and annual puss inside. Re-
ward will be given by T. II. GOODMAN, 4
Mcntromery st.
IX3ST— A passbook with The Hlbernla Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, in the
name of THOMAS PURCELL. No. 170-«27.
The finder will please return to bank. .
LOST— Black Fedora hat with hatband ini-
tials T. J. M.. at the Mexican ball. Odd Fel-
lows' Hall, Sunday evening. Return to 83S'i
Juck3on st. ; reward.
FOUND— 12th lnft.. Spitz dog. Owner can have
same by proving property and paying ex-
penses. Apply from S to 9 a. m.. 5 to 6 p. m
• Pioneer Poda Works. 1555-1557 Mission st.
STOLEN— lS-root Whitehall boat, painted black
2 pairs oars and sail.* Property of ROBFItT
GIBSON. Thlrd-st. wharf.
LOST— Lady's plain sold watch; monogramed
C. T.; full name inside. Reward at 2U14 Sut-
ter st.
LQST— Pug doc: tan colored, with black head"-
reward. 41 Rltch st.
LOST— Black cocker spaniel doe. Return to 313
Pine st.. room 7; reward.
LOST— White bull terrier JogT Return to
Richelieu Saloon and receive reward.
FOUND— Cocker spaniel; owner have same by
payin? expenses. Elevator man. 14 Sansome.
LOST— A passbook with the Iirhernia Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco In the
name of MICHAEL COLLINS. No 13J-213I
The finder will please return to bank.
LOST— On ferry-boat Oakland. 1:30 p. m.. Sep-
tember 16. master license, sailing vessels, be-
longing to CHARLES OKE. Finder will
please return to 6 Howard St.. S. F.
LOST— GolcJ breastpin with three pearls; on
Market st. Leave at Call ofllce.
MA5SAGE^
EMILT SEGSWORTH, assistant to Dr. A. B.
WUlcox. scientific masseuse, room 40, SU
Ann's building: hours. 9 a. m. to 12:30.
MEDICAL.
DR. and MRS. DAVIES. 122S Market St.— Reli-
able ladies' and gents' specialists; 22 years"
practice; have treated thousand9 of cases suc-
cessfully; a positive cure guaranteed at office;
ladles treated can return home the same dayt
try the celebrated HINDO HERB treatment
for home cure; any one can use It by direc-
tions; perfectly harmless; home for confine-
ment. Send five 2-cent stamps for circular.
DR. G. AV. O'DONXELU the world-renowned
ladles specialist; safe and reliable: has prac-
ticed in San Francisco for years; treats J trtou-
eands of cases successfully; treatment can b*
used at home; consultatlr- fr?e. After all
others fall call on him. lcr»H Market st.
DRS.GOODWIX. well known ladles' specialists,
have returned from Europe; safe and reliable;
cure Jj; have treated thousands of cases with
success; 13 years' practice In S. F. ; maternity
home; low fees. 1C07S Market St.. near Sixth.
NG TOT KEE. Chinese doctor: cures consump-
tion, cancer, catarrh, etc.. all diseases treat-
ed; send for testimonials; advice free. Sanl-
tarlum. 704 Sacramento st.. corner Ilearny.
MRS. DR. WTETH. reliable specialists: 25 yrs.'
practice; home In confinement: treatment at
office. $3; any ailment; consultation free; con-
fldentlal. 942 Post St.. bet. Hyde and Larkln.
MRS. M. ALLEN. 1C3G Market— Ladles' speclal-
lst: home in confinement: safe and reliable:
consultation free; hours 10 to I.
A— NEW process: every woman her own physi-
cian; no medicine or pills used: practical phy-
slclan 37 yrs. DR. rPPPER. 313 Kearny st.
MRS. DU. KOHL, the -w-11-known and re'.labl*
ladles' specialist; guaranteed treatment at of-
flce. tj; positive cure. 446 Kddy. nr. Levnwrtil
DR. and MRS. M. WEOENER— Prtvata Isom»
In confinement. 1312 Golden Gate ave.
DR. (>'OSO HIM. herb doctor, traats all dl*^
eases of the human body. 115 Mason St.
MISCELLANEOUS— F0H SALE.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery! M>
INTOSH & WOLPMAX. 135-197 Fremont st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counter* i,
linoleum, new and second hand: we always
have a large stock of saloon outfits on hand;
52 complete outfits on our floor, ready made:
we can ship everything In 24 hours. J.
NOONAN, 1017, 1010, 10C1. 1023 Mission St..
above B^xth: write for catalogue.
A-J3 50 DERBY and Fedora hata, Jl 75. Po>l
ular Price Hatters. 330 Kearny St.. near Plna.
FINE suit. $10: dress pants. $3 73. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery rt.
FOR sale— Property of the Live Oak Consoli-
dated Gold MIntn? Co.. situated In Nf-vada
County. IS miles north of Auburn; 2 patented
claims: 8-stamp quartz mill; ditch and hoist-
Irg works complete. For further particular*
Ir.autre of A. MEISTER, 914 Ninth st., Sao-
ramento. Cal.
FOP. SALE. ~
The submersed four-masted steel shfp, And*«
!ara, lying in Tacoma harbor, alao scows,
lighters, shears, diving gear, engines, cab!«
and other wrecking appliances. Address all
communications to C. L. PARKER. Secretary,
rooms 41-41. Haller block. Seattle. Wash.
A— BUYS, seib or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shaftlcs. pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 218 Spear St.
I OR sale/— Cheap, a 53 electrlr !'*ht bath cabi-
net, or will rent. E. F. HENZEL, corner
Point Lobos and Fifth aves.
FOR ea'.e — Cheap, a new BS Majestlo rang*,
¦with steam table, heater and cocker. E. 7.
HENZEL. cor. Point Lobos and Fifth a-ve*.
STEEL TANKS, all sizes; suitable for water or
oil; rhean: all ghar^s; second hand. H. S.
WHITE. 51C Mission at.
A— ICO HORSEPOWER engine, boiler. 2 drill
air compressor. JARDINES. 220 Fremont st.
A COMPLETE outfit for awnlnpr and tent
making for sale cheap. lC2o Mission st.
FIXE bre<l fre*h Jersey rO w and calf. In>vi!r<»
at Kncleai Stable, l.'O Stevenson st.
SECOND-TTAXD blttianl or pool table; larr*
size. Box 4371. Cnll f.ffl.-e.
SAFE?! — New and second harri. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-413 Sacramento st.
PORTABLE engines, boilers; Iron and woo4
planers, lathes; 2d hand. .1. Burke. 139 Bea>.
MAGIC lanterns, new and M Viand: movir.x
pictures. BULLARD & BHECK. r.l Post St.
Fl'LL !in» camera^ ar.d photo funrlies; ?e!l!ns
cheap. W". A. HARTTER r.n Examhwi bldg.
"WILL rent full <lre>>« Tnzeda o- Prin--- Alb-rt
suits for S2 *0. Portlir-r! I.r.ftn Off\r-. 1'> S'-ktrt.
10-TON Fairbanks fctIc ami firs and burglar
proof safe. ?!6 California .«t.
2D-IIAND photocrarhic anJ mairlp lantern out-
fits bought, jo!'!, exchanged. ICO Mnnt<om(TT.
FIRST-CLASS second-hand modern ersrlnes an1
boilers Ixiu^ht and rold KKOGH Mfg. Co.
SAFES— New an.l reeoml hand: all st7e«». THT5
WAT.T7 SAFK. 1'1-111 V.irV>» «r.. Snn Fm.
3iiscEix.\\nor«« wants.
WANTED — Swallow-tail coat In eood order;
size SS to 29. Address box 13>3. Call office.
DENTIST— Second-hanJ enjdn*, chair and
bracket want°d. Address box CSS Call.
AN ll-lnch stvlne lathe in poo<l condition: 36-
lnch bed. AI.EX. IIEINS. 1M Main st.
LADIES' and gents' cast-off clothinc bought <fe
fold. Pilverrr.nn, 9SJ Folsom: tel. Folsom 11?1.
KI-EIN still pays best price for clothing 1 , brtc-
a-brac and books. 103 Sixth st. : tel. Jessie HI.
IF you wish full value fcr your ca5t-o!T clothlnsr
call on R COHEN. 1" Third: tel. Black 4121.
MO\EY TO LOA5.
AA^BEST rates and easiest terrr.a.
Second mortgages , - ,
in estates
Undivided Interests in real estate.......
Financial problems of all sorts and sizes
solved by HERMAN MURPHY. 630 Market.
ANY amount at 6 per cent; 1st. 2d and 3d mort-
gages, undivided Interest, real estate In pro-
bate; znortjsajres and legacies bought; no de-
lay: get my terms before doing business else-
s where. R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, r. 2.
ANY proposition, any amount; • per cent; first,
second mortgages, estates In probate, interest
In estates, legacies, corporation loans, chattel
mortgages. life insurance. Room 16. first floor.
Chronicle bldg. IIALLORAN & OLSEN.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low.
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. S46 Market
St.: tel. Main 1644. BraJch 19 Third st.
ON furniture and pianos without removal; quick
service: money direct; lowest Interest. Ruums
CS ai.d €9. Donohoe building. 1170 Market st.
A — JCOO.ooo ON city and country real estate and
estates; chattel mortgages; notes and col-
laterals. J. BUOWNSTONE. 11 Montgomery.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds,
watches. Jewelry.' W. J. HESTIIAL. M Sixth;
highest price for old gold, silver, diamonds.
AT 126 Kearny St.. room 3, respectable privat*
place to borrow on watches, diamonds; lowest
rates: take elevator. Telephone Davis 996.
I.-.CO.0OO AT 6 per cent In sums to suit In city:
also SICO.COO on Jarge ranches; also on second
rcortsagea. R. J. MERCER & SON. 413 Pine.
ANY amount by private party on furniture an.i
pianos: no removal: low rates: confidential.
PONELLI. 301 Jones tt.. comer Eddy.
WHY pay rent? We loan money to buila wltn;
small monthly payments. Horn» Building
Company. 222 Sansome St.. room 2.
MONEY to lean on furniture by private party:
low rate. 917 Market ft., room 1.
MONEY loaned salaried people without security.
HII*L. r. 44. Merchants' Ex.. 431 California.
ON furniture and pianos; no remoral; confi-
dential; on diamonds, etc. 33 Taylor st.
TO salaried people without security: all bu»t-
ness confidential. Ton ¦¦ley Co.. 321 Parrott big.
ON furti'ture. planes; 3 per cent per month; no
commission. Mrs. Wils-n. rm. 101. 6 EJJv gt.
CA.°H loaned U< salaried people on note without
lndorser. MORRELL. tOO Examiner building.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal: no com-
mission; private. LICK. 116 McAllister «t.
TO salaried people •without collateral or ln-
ilorgcr. S. F. Discount Agency. 143 Phelan big.
MOSEY WANTED.
! JSowPoN^blK interest and bonus 13 wanted by
an Incorporated empany owning a *roup of
I well developed quartz mines and a never »all-
I In? water power adjacent for generating elec-
I trie power anJ light in great demand there;
I this Is preliminary to a plan by which th-«
company will ¦ocn »>•* ab> t.> earn a oivldend
' of SO per cent p"r annum on a capitalization
! of Jl.CCO.CoO. -FOWLER & CO.. 1413 Call
j building.
JIO.OCO. A SAFE. nr\t loan, wanted. FOWLER
& CO.. 1413 Call builJing.
JITSICAL. IXSTnr.MKXTS.
! VIOLIN strings; nevtr wet; besTin'the^worldl
! making am! repairing of all kinds of musical
| Instruments. Carl C. Anderson. 4i" Geary st.
! FOR sale— V.U grant walnut, cabinet grand up^
; right, cheap.^ or will rent." Z\l Kearny st.
! SLAUGHTER ralo of upright pianos forTtor^
! * se ' *"''' Ut> " XV ' U< - On J' < _ S i o I a " e ' 17t ' iIarfe et st.
IS-PEDAL Rtclnway: perfect order Tl7£
J KEEFFE'S. 333 Market St., bet. oth and 6lhl
j GENTLEMAN leavlnjr oity will sacrifice e!e-
J Kant upright grand piano. 324 Golden Gate av.
BE In the <wim; rent a new ptano for 13 wr
I icontb. SCOTT-CCRTAZ CO.. 560 Hayaa »£• The 2:18 pace was postponed on account of
darkness after three heats. Ben Bolt won the
first and second heats and Umahalis the third.
Best time, 2:30.
Running, ¦ five-eighths of a mile— Grace W
wnn, ; Linfle second. Olympia third. Time. 1:07.
'-: Running, . lialf-mi!<\ handicap — Madrone won,
Pat Tucker second, Tennessee Maid third. Time,
:50U- • .
SALEM.- Or.. : Soot. 19.— Results to-day
Results of Salem Races.
- 2:08: pace, $1000, Wayne Hotel stakes, unfin
ished—Ajcltato won the first heat In 2:10%.
Lady Pipes, The Admiral, Sidney Pointer^ Col
bert. Red Seal. and Attar also started.
2:13 pac<». New Avellne Hotel purse. JlOOt, un
finished — Vesper won the first heat in 2:l3*i.
Pussy ¦ Willow won the second heat ~ ln 2:11U.
My Choice won the third heat In 2:13»i. Hal
laray L. Tod -Williams, Toletta. Red Wilkes
and Bui also started. ,
2:30 pace, purse JSOO— Lady Alrisht won three
straight heats In 2:14>,{. 2:15VJ. 2:15U. Orin B.
Daisy. MIto S, Minctta, Decoration and Coro
nation also started. ¦
2:12 trot, unfinished Tuesday, purse $1000—
Cornelia Bell won in three straight heats in
2:13«-;. 2:12%, 2:11%. Nell Gwyn. Silver -Wilkes.
May Alcom, Tudor Chimes. Chain Shot, Annl«
Burns. Genevleve and Aggie Medium also
started.- '
In the 2:12 trot, unfinished from yester
day, Cornelia Bell was an easy winner in
straight heats and Lady Alright gave a
similar straightaway performance in the
2:30 pace..
In the 2:13 pace. Pussy Willow, My
Choice and Vesper won a heat each. Pus
sy Willow was the favorite at odds of 2
to 1. But one heat of the 2:0S pace had
been gone when a steady rain started and
the two events were postponed. Sum
mary :
FORT WAYNE. Ind., Sept. 19.— Rain
caused a postponement . of the races
scheduled for to-day and the 2:14 pace
and the 2:08 pace went over until to-mor
row.
IN STRAIGHT HEATS.
CHICAGO. Sept. 19.— The annual meet
ing of the American Turf Congre*a be
gan here at noon to-day. It Is expected
that only a. few slight changes ln the
racing rules will be made. Several large
Jockey clubs have applied for admission
to the congress, and their applications
will be considered.
The Jockey Burns case is expected to
be productive of some hot debate when it
comes up.
Among those present to-day were James
Howard, secretary of the Washington
Park club; W. S. Schulte. Louisville; W.
E. Applegate, Latonia; Frank Fowler,
Newport: XV. P. Farmer, Highland Park:
Martin Nathanson. . Harlem: Richard
Fitzgerald. Hawthorne; J. W. Russ
wurm, Cumberland Park Track. Nash
ville: J. A. Murphy. St. Louis: C. Price.
Louisville; Secretary Hopper of the Turf
Congress and M. N. MacFarlan of
Memphis..
in Rules Will Be Made.
It Is Thought but Few Slight Changes
TURF CONGRESS OPENS.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRANT) HOTEL.
F E Dodge & w, Denvr
A L Btutesman, Chlcg
M Michael, Woodland
J T Metcaif, DC
Mrs G W Shaffer, Cal
Mrs C Madison, Cal
W E M Beardsle* & w,
Sacramento
D L Withlngton. Cal
D H Clark, Chicago
O Ambery, NY
W R Rideout _ w. Sac
_ To2er, Bacto
J G Buckle & w, Sacto
A G Comklin & w, O
G A Crickctt. Cleveld
C A White. N Orleans
Mrs E W James. Sac
O H Hamilton, Cal
G' Merrill, Cal
M L Prltchard. Cal
M Kahn. Bakerafleld
E L Maze. Upper Laka
Mrs II Smith. San Jose
A Ehle, Chicago -
J H Reawell, Uklah
J D White, Uklah
W M Peery. Ukiah
R C Cline. Los Ansr
Mr» McDonald. Peta
Miss Byrne, Petaluma
E J James, Sacto
Mrs J c Cunnlngfcam,
Los Angeles
Mrs EH Soule Boston
A W Foshey. Albany
T E Dwyer, Sacto
F H Hughes, Phoenix
SStewart & w. Chioag
Dr W W Van Patten &
w. Walla Walla
J p Winchester, N Y
J L Barham, Antioch
J E Stockett, Seattle
W Donnelly & w Cal
B F Smith. Los An*
R F Johnson. Monterey
R L. Harter, Colgate
B I>wyer, Sacto
J Baruch. Denver
A W Barrows & w.NJ
Miss Barrows, N J
A H Schnabel, Newcstl
F E Curtis. Los Ane
F Loehr. Oakland
F V Flint. Sacto
C C Walte, Loa Anjr
J H Graves. San Jose
P J Mattlngly, S Jose
T Gilbert. Antioch
T M Williams, N Y
J.D Sprlngr & w. Chico
G W Pierce. Davisville
H Thorp, Sacto
, PALACE HOTEL.
Mrs I Jacobs. Portland
W E Benden & w. Chic
G A Stanton. NY v
J R Ireland. NY
K R Babbitt, Colo
F McRae/ Xev
C B Kaufman. Blvdere
G R Davis, Tucson
Vcn Prollins. Mexico
II L Packard, ItakflcM
<; E Gilson. Chico
Mrs M L Moore, L A
H Knox & w, Wis
Mrs E Mashley, Boston
F .\V Swan ton & w, Ca»
K Tyner. Chicago .
Mrs F A Bull. Chicago
C C Fremer, Ky
O Kohlman, N* Y
Alicia Gideon, Chicago
H A Murlbut. N Y
Mrs D K Horton, Ca.1
May Ilorton. Cal
Barbara Horton, Cal |
D S Cone. R Bluff
G L Beam, Denver
F E Campbell, Or
Miss West, Or
XV A Magee & w, Cal
I Lambert, Mich ,
Mrs _ E WlnRard. Tex
Mips Dunsmulr, Victo
ria
Mrs Snowden, Victoria
Mlsa Harney, Victoria
C H Fortman. S Mateo
O Feist & w. Cal
n Robertson. Gilroy
T J Kirk. Sacto
L H Flntress & -w, Cal
C Wier. Ixjs Angeles
R M-McMullin, Chic
VV E Hampton & w.Cal
C O Davidson. Mont
Mrs T A Thatcher, Cal
W L TKatcher. Cal •
T A Thatcher, Cal
W A Morsy, Chicago
NEW WESTERN HOTE_
W'Chlnn.- Vallejo
H M Finley. Texcs
M J Evans _ w.Novato
It C Austin, Dolse
J E Phillips & w. Sac
W A Young:. Stockton
R W Ellis. Denver
J.M I'roudfoot. . Cinn
Mrs C Denton, NY
G,W Kvans, Cambria
D E Evans. Sn Simeon
MrsV V Gorden. Cal
E G Rich. Stockton
W G Joseph, Rio Vista
J Pedro. Rio Vista
S E Ballard. Sta Rosa
Ninety-Six Fast Dogs Are Entered
in the Saturday and Sunday
Events.
The drawing for the open stake for
Saturday and Sunday at Union Coursing
Park was held last night at Pythian
Castle. The card Is a strong one and Is
made up of some of the fastest hounds In
the State. The doga are paired as fol
lows:
Union Coursing Park, open stake — R. E. de B.
Lopez's Peplta vs. Curtis & Sons' McKinley;
Walsh & Heenan's Sacramento Boy vs. Curtis
ft Son's Cash; F. Patterson's Our Maggie vs.
J. P. Thrift's Forget; Russell. Allen & Wilson's
First Foot vs. J. L. Ross' Montauk; W. Crea
mer's Lily "Wright vs. J. L. Roes' J L R; J. L>
Roes' Wautaugh vs. Curtis & Sons' War Eagle;
Erwln & Lyons' Silver Wings vs. Russell, Allen
& Wilson's Strayaway; R. E. de B. Lopez's
Waribee vs. Maher & Reid's Bad Boy: J. M.
Halton's Tic lac vs. Curtis & Sons' Anchor;
R. E. de B. Lopez's Sweetness vs. J. R. Smith's
Injury; J. Chambllle's Hot Foot vs. R. E. de
B. Lopez's Sara; Pasha Kennels' Risky At
tempt vs. M. X. Shepper"s The Exile; Connell
Bros.' White Hat vs. T. J. Mclnerney's Annie
Hall; Kay Bros." Hawker vs. Russell, Allon &
Wilson's Scotland Yet; W. Creamer's Jesse
Moore vs. Pasha Kennels' Rural Artist: R. E.
de B. Lonez's Crawford Lad vs. J. P. Thrift's
Brutus: D. Winder's Lavender vs.- F. A. Mc-
Comb's Motto: J. L. Ross' Wild Wave vs.
Pasha Kennels' Round About: S. Handy's Twin
City Girl vs. Pasha Kennels' Recording An
gel; R. E. de B. Lnpez's Wombat vs. T. J.
Mclnerney's Tommy Rex; J. R. Smith's Petro
nlus vs. P. Doyle's 1 Liberator; E. Geary's Palo
Alto vs. Pasha Kennels' Random Aim; R. E.
de B. Lopez's Dairy Maid vs. Pasha
Kennels' Royal Anne; J. Horn's Bona
Fide vs. Pasha Kennels' May Hempstead;
T. J. Mclnerney's Nora vs. J. H. W. Muller's
Cruiser; A. Johnson's Mountain Beauty vs. T.
Hood's Lady Geraldine; • F. Jones 1 Harlean
Gladys vs. A. Van der Burg's Copperhead; R.
E. de B. Lopei's Minnie Wa Wa vs. H. A.
Deckelman's Rocker; Kay Brothers' Hawker
vs. J. O'Dowd's'Shootover: T. J. Mclnerney's
Regina R vs. Curtis & Son's Old Glory: P. J.
Reilly's Moonbright vs. Pasha Kennels' Rest
Assured: L. F. Bartels' Mac's Melody va. J.
Smith's Master Workman; Curtis & Son's Can
dC'laria vs. Russell. Allen & Wilson's Wedding
Bells; E: Geary's Ireland vs. J. R. Smith's
Sylvanus; Curtis & Son's Kibosh v». Curtis &
Son's Warpath: T. Boyle's Secret- vs. L. F.
Bartels' Beer Brewer; Aeneld Kennels' Achilles
vs. J. Holden's Scottish Chief; J. Byrnes' Bat
tleship vs. J. Hlgglns 1 Robert Emmet: A.
Jchnson's Bald Eagle vs. Aeneld Kennels' Fine
Fire; R. E. de B. Lopez's Warrlgo vs. Curtis
& Son's Shadow; R. E. de B. Lopez's Diablo
vs. F. Jones' Wedgewood: Pasha Kennels 1 Rol
licking Airs vs. W. Creamer's Onward: P. J.
Reilly s The Grafter vs. Curtis & Son's Echo;
T. J. Mclnerney'B Johnny R vs. R. E. de B.
Lopez's Whitehead: J. P. Thrift's Tyrone
Prince vs. Jeff Martenett's Slim; Curtis A Son's
Psyche vs. H. A> Deckelman's Kanaka; J.
Chamblllo's Julius Caesar vs. Connell Brother*'
Kt. Helen: J. Hlgglns* Sarah Curran vs. J. .
Button's Mayflower.;
UNION PARK STAKE
IS A STRONG ONE
First round-Pasha Kennels 1 Round About
beat Curtis & Son's Psyche; A. Johnson's
Mountain Beauty beat J. Byrne*' Olympus; L.
F. Bartels" Best Bargain beat J. Dempsey'a
Jingle Bells: J. Horn's Bona Fide beat Pasha
Kennels' Reaching After; Curtis & Son's Old
Glory beat J. Byrnes' Master Bly; Aeneld Ken
nels Athena beat F. Schou's Smuggler; It. E.
de B. Lopez & Son's Minnie Wa Wa beat D.
Winder's Lavender; Captain Cane's Mlf* Pen
man beat M. B. 'Kavanaugh's Swedish; Con
drey & Rought's Homeward Bound beat J.
Keenan's Blacklock; H. A. Deckelman's Bello
Rocket beat P. C. Bllck's Fedora; R. E. de B.
Lopez & Bon's Eager beat J. II. W. Muller's
Moonstone: L. F. Bartels' Beer Brewer beat
Aeneld Kennels' Achilles; Sterl & Knowles'
Amarosa beat Condrey & Rought's Nightingale;
E. M. Kellogjr's Lady Gilmore beat F. Schou's
Lady Glenklrk: Condrey & Rought's Flying
Daisy beat Curtis & Son's Kibosh: R. L. Tay
lor's Beauty Spot beat F. Boyle's Secret; F. A.
McComb's Motto beat Pasha Kennels' Rose Att
wood; F. Schou's King's Borderer beat T. J.
Harrlngrton's Thorndale: T. J. Mclnerney's Re
gina It beat Aeneid Kennels" Aeneas: Pasha
Kennels' Random Aim beat R. E. de B. Lopez
& Son's Dairy Maid; E. M. Kellogjr's Iowa Boy
beat J. H. \V. Muller's Cruiser; J. S. Smith's
Master Workman beat W. Creamer's Lily
"Wright; Curtis & Son's Kcho beat P. C. Bllck's
La Rosa Souvenir: W. -D. Murphy's Crawford
Lass beat T. J. Harrington's Southern Girl;
Sterl & Knowles 1 Wag beat W. C. Glasson's
Lady Sears; T. J. Mclnerney's Norah beat
Pasha Kennels' Rollicking Airs; T. J. Mclner
ney's Johnnie R beat P. C. Blick's Tellowtall.
Second round— Round About beat Mountain
Beauty; Best Bargain beat Bona Fide; Old
Glory beat Athena: Miss Penman beat Minnie
Wa Wa; Belle Rocket beat Homeward Bound:
Beer Brewer a bye. Eager withdrawn: Amarosa
beat Lady Gilmore: Beauty Spot beat Flying
Daisy; Motto a bye, King's. Borderer with
drawn; Regina R beat Random Aim; Iowa Boy
beat Master Workman; Iowa Maid beat Echo;
Nora beat Crawford Lass; Johnny R beat Wag.
Third round — Best Bargain beat Round About;
Miss Penman beat Old Glory: Belle Rocket beat
Beer Brewer; Amarosa beat Beauty Spot: Motto
beat Regina R; Nora beat I«wa Boy; Johnnie
R 1 eat Iowa Maid.
Fourth round— Best Bargain beat Miss Pen
man; Belle Rocket beat Amarosa; Nora beat
Motto: Johnnie K lost a bye.
Fifth round— Nora beat Best Bargain; Belle
Rocket beat Johnnie R.
Deciding course— N'ora beat Belle Rocket.
T. J. Mclnerney's Nora proved an easy
stake winner yesterday afternoon at Un
ion Park in the deciding course with Belle
Rocket. H. A. Deckelman's hound was
played well until the last course, when
the bettors, impressed "by Nora's sterling
work during the day, refused to back the
runner-up. The odds were 5 to 1 on Nora
and the score 12 to 2.
From the slips Nora shot out, taking
the lead and several successive turns. At
no time did Belle Rocket seemingly have
a chance for the course, which was a long
but not closely contested one. Nora was
lucky In regard to many of her courses
yesterday, as was another of the Merced
doq*», Johnnie R, the latter reaching the
fifth round and being put out by Belle
Rocket, the runner-up.
The day belonged pretty much to the
favorites, but a few startling "dumps"
were registered. Eager downed Moon
stone, a 3 to 1 favorite, and Wag took the
measure of Lady Sears at 1 to 6. In the
second round Beauty Spot. Iowa Boy and
Iowa Maid, all short enders, took the
money. The course between Best Bar
gain and Miss Penman was a surprise to
the wise ones, but not to a number of
tyros who played the former at big odds.
They cashed bunches of tickets when the
red flag waved. »
The run down- was as fo-llows:
Few Favorites "Were Dumped — Tyros
at Game Cash on Best Bar
gain Over Miss
Penman.
Merced Dogs Have Luck and
Remaiu in the Stake
Until the End.
NORA WON FROM
BELLE ROCKET
Races Are Postponed.
DAVENPORT, Iowa, Sept- 19.— Races
postponed; rain.
COLUMBUS. Ohio. Sept. 19.— The largest
crowd of the meeting witnessed the races
to-day. The weather was cloudy but
warm and the track fast. Fred M was a
prohibitive favorite in the 2:14 pace and
won in straight heats with speed to spare.
The 2:20 trot furnished the only sur
prise of the day. "Wilhelm Melster was
picked to win, but Molo, who had been a
strong second choice, proved to be a
great sprinter and won In straight heats.
Molo'a finish In tha third heat was sen
sational. He broke in the back stretch
and dropped back to sixth place, but
after he passed the three-quarters pole he
went around the bunch and won from
Gale, who looked a sure winner. Daisy J
was the favorite in the 2:19 pace. Mickols
laid up the mare in the first and then went
on and won In consecutive heats. Sum
mary:
2:19 cla*s pacing, purse JROO— Daisy J won
the second, third and fourth heats In 2:12»i,
2:13, 2:15. Cuba won the first heat In 2:12U-
Violation. Legal Hal. Walter K. Insure. Be
Sure Jr., E M G and Hughey V also started.
2:20 class trotting, purse I80O— Molo won three
straight heats In 2:17U. 2:1SU, 2:13U. Gale.
Spring Lock, Superior Wilkes, Ariel High
wcod, Wilhelm Melster, Wilbur and Pauline B
also started.
i 2:14 pacing, purse $S00— Fred M won three
straight heats in 2:12H, 2:14»t. 2:14K- Daisy
Elder, Tom Tipton. Red Light and Hazel wood
Hal also started.
First Choice Beaten.
Results at Fort Erie.
BUFFALO. Sept. 19.— Results at Fort
ETie:
Six furlongs— Lamp Globe won. Silver Garter
second. Gold Lace third. Time, 1:15U
. Six furlongs, selling— Momentum won. Sauce
boat second. Crinkle third. Time. 1:15H-
Mile and a sixteenth — Othela won, Orontas
second, Chopin third. Time. 1:49.
Five furlongs, selling — Alea won. King's Fa
vorite second, Formalis third. Time. 1:02.
Mile and a sixteenth— Sir FIcrlan won. Lady
of the West second. L V third. Time. 1:48%.
Six furlongs — Cherry Gold won. Cllpsetta sec
ond, Nancy Till third. Time. 1:14%.
CHICAGO. Sept 19.-The feature of to
day's rather mediocre card at Hawthorne
was the defeat In the third race of Bes
sie Macklln. the much-touted speed mar
vel, at her favorite distance, six furlongs.
The all-night rain made the course a per
fect sea of mud and form players suffered
in consequence, favorites being badly
beaten In the first three races. Sum
mary:
Four and a half furlongs^ — Nellie Forest won.
Sweet Dream second, Alene Abbott third. Time,
:57%.
Seven furlongs— Blue Dick won, Handpress
second. The Elector third. Time. 1:32.
Six furlongs — Sly won. Lady Curzon second,
Bessie Macklln third. Time. 1:17*4-
One mile— Raclvan won, Louisville second.
Hood's Brigade third. Time. 1:46%.
Mile and a sixteenth— The Lady won. Florizar
second, Boney Boy third. Time, 1:54%.
Mile and a sixteenth — Trebor won, Channcey
Fisher second. False Lead third. Time. 2:09.
Four and a half furlongs, selling — Ferraunt
won, Qulbo second. Tempt third. Time, :55*i.
. Six and a half furlongs, selling—Douster
swivel won, Marlon Lynch second, Chanton
third. Time. 1:21%.
One mile, selling — Handicapper won. Acushla
One mile and a quarter, gelling — Sir Fitzhugh
won, Hermencla second. Beau Ideal third.
Time. 2:09.
Five and a half furlongrs— Kid Hampton won.
Cotton Plant second. Miss Soak third. Time,
1:07.
DETROIT. Mich.. Sept. 19.— Three fa
vorites and the same number of second
choices were successful at "Windsor to
day.' Kid Hampton proved himself a very
shifty two-year-old by capturing the All
aqed handicap in clever style. Weather
cloudy; track fast- Summary:
One mile— Old Mike won, Charley Estes sec
ond, Antajron third. Time. 1:44.
Three Favorites Win.
Seven furlongs, selling— Kindred won. Med
dlesome second. Maggie Davis third. Time.
1:38.
ST. LOUIS, Sept. 19. — The unpropitlous
weather caused a marked falling off in
the attendance at Kinlock Park to-day,
only the dyed-ln-the-wool regulars being
present. The heavy going brought dis
aster to every favorite, the winners turn
ing up In four outsiders and two second
choices. Summary;
Six furlongs, selling; — Percy R won. Terralen*
second, Beeuranca third. Time. 1:22*4-
Slx furlongs, purse — Our Lady won, Orleans
Becond, Curd Gillock third. Time. 1:22H-
One mile and a half, selling— Zazel won. Or
landlne second. Fox Bard third. Time. 2:5544.
One mile and a half — Titus won. Silent
Friend second. Era Moe third. Time, 3:G3H-
One mile — John Morris won, Bannockburn
second, Alice Turner third. Time, 1:504.
Unpropitlous Weather.
NEW YORK. Sept. 19.— Favorite play
ers had a bad time at Gravesend to-day,
as only one actual first choice was first
past the.judgfs. This was Modrlne in
the second race. Lurania was equal fa
vorite with Inshot in the fourth race and
her victory furnished consolation to a
few.
The weather was cool and bright and
the track fast. Bullman was fined $200
and set down for the remainder of the
meeting for what the stewards called
reckless riding In the first race on Annoy.
Summary:
One mile and a sixteenth, selling— The Cham
berlain won. Annoy second. Carbuncle third.
Time, 1:48 4-5.-
About six furlongs— Modrlne won, La Tosca
II second. Motley third. Time. 1:10 2-5.
The Monarch stake?, one mile and an eighth
— Rockton won, McMeekln second, Killasbandra
third. Time. 1:04 2-5.
Five furlongs, selling— Lucrana won. Billion
alre second. Luck third. Time. 1:01 4-5.
One^tntle and a quarter — Favonlus won. De
canter second, Duoro third. Time. 2:07 3-5.
Five furlongs — Kid won, Fannie Maud sec
ond, Pleasant Sail third. Time. 1:02 15.
Jockey Bullman Fined $2OO and
Is Set Down for the
Balance of the
Only One Actual First Choice
Finishes in the
Lead.
FAVORITES RUN
IN HARD LUCK
THE SAN FRANCISCO ;CA__, THURSDAY;. SEPTEMBER 20, 1900.
11
*_7dllLCl 1 W
Trains— Daiiy
Leave Morlcit-ttrset Ferry Depot.
L ?•. 8am Francisco. »:0O a m|4:10 p mi »:0O p ra
Arr. Stocktun 12:30 p ra 7:15 p m 11:03 p m,
*• MeTced *:« P m 1:18 a m
" Fresno 4:20 p m t:0o a in
" Vlnalla (-00 p m 4:50 a m
" Tulare •:C p m 6:10 a m.
" Manford 5:33 pm 7:04 am
" Bakerstteld ... 8:50 p m 7:30 a _
•• Denver 10:00 a m ¦
" Kansas City... 6:15 p m
** Chlcaco 7:40 am
» a. m. train la the Overland Kxpresa. Corr««
epondlns; train arrives at s p. ra. dally.
4:10 p. m. Is Stockton Local. Corresponding
train arrives 11:05 a. m. dally.
1:00 p. m. is Fresno and Bakersfleld Express.
¦»ith Sleeplns; Cara for both cities. Correspond-
ing; train arrives at 8 _ m. dally.
OFFICES— «41 Market st. and In Ferry Depot.
Eaa Fr.r_fcp,; m$ Brgadway. O*k?a_L "^
___N__________i_______________i____i _
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VA1_.BT
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:00. »S:30. »:30. 11:00 a. _.{
13:45, '1:43. 3:15. 4:15. •5:15. 8:13. «:40 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and Saa
Rafael, on Mondays. Wednesdays. Saturday*
and Sundays, at 0:00 and 11:33 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 7:«0. »8:00. »9:00. »10:00. 11:00, 11:89
a. m. ; 12:45. *l:30. 2:30, *3:4S. 5:00, 6:00. ¦:_
p. m.
11:00 a. m. does not run to 6an Rafael Su_>
days. ¦
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentin.
FROM BAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DATS— 6:35. t:Sa. 7:50. 8:40. »I0:_ a.
m.{ 12:80. 1:16. 2:15. »S:30. 4:S0, 5:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS en Mondays. Wednesday*
and Saturdays at *<:45 and 10:29 p. m.
SUNDAYS— «:15. *S:00. *9:TA. '11:00 a. m.; »12:<«
ra.; 1:00. 2:15 *i.V>, 4:30. # i:43, 8:13. 7:30, 10:00
p. m.
Trains marked «•) start from Ran Quentln.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FFlANCISCO.
VTEEK DAYS— 5:53. «:45. 8:00. 8:55, 10:30 a,
ra. ; 12:35, 1:45. 2:43. S:30. 4:50. 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS— «:35. 8:05. 10:06. 11:10 a. m. : 13:15,
1:20 2:30 3:45. 4:E3. M3. 7:05. 10:30 p. m.
THRQUOH TRAINS.
7:C0 a. m. week daya— Cazadero and way sta-
tions.
3:15 p. m. Saturdays — Cazadero and way ata*
tlons.
8:00 a. m. Sundays— Cazadero and way sta-
tion*.
12:13 p. m. Sundays — Point R«vea and way «t*-
trOPSj.
Via Sausallto Ferry.
Commescice April 22. 1330
lfORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
HAXLBOAD TRAVEL.
(•vtiikbm PAt-iric (onrisi.
(FACiriC SISTM.)
Train* l«af« nntl arc ilu* to nrrlv* At
UJi Kit a: X 41 ><<».
(_aln Line, Foot of Market Street)
lxatb — Fkom SinmtiR 11, 1300. — Him
«7:OOa B-nlc!*. Hui j;in. F.haira. VaeaT_e,
Rumaoy »uil fi»cr»meu to ......... »7t43r
•7:Oi»» Shan— Exprrm— D»t_ WillUmajftor
Bartlett SpriogsX Willows, Ke I
Blufl, PortlanO. *7il3r
•7:30a M artinaz. -Sau It tinon, Vallejo. Napa,
Calintoga and .Sauta Uo«a *8:l3p
'»:Oiu D..n Woodland. KnlghU Laadinfc
MujstUIs. urotiilr. *T>*Sp
*SiOOt AtlaatiexiCipre3»— Ojilen and East M3i4.tr
*8:O»a Xil««. Tracy, Lathrop. Stockton *U»l5i
*>i3Da Bau Juse, LiTermure, .Stockton,
lone, Hacraiuruto. PlaeerTille.
M»rT>*i!lo, Chico. lta.l I'.lufl *lil-ip
"»i»»» Omkdale. Chinese, rfonura. Carters... • l:l^r
•U:wv« Hajwanla. HOm and War HUtiooi. ¦list.')*
*9:OVaLos Anceles Eiprew— lUrtinei.
Tracy, Lathrop, .Stockton, Mereea
Frvsno and Loa AojbIcs *7il3r
•9.»O* VallrJ,,. Mwlli.oi an.l Wmf Stations •!»:!.¦»» -
•ItttOO* ThoOTerUndtJniiScd — Ogdsn, Ueu-
Ter, Oiuaba. Chlcagn *• -H r
•I I :00a Nilrs, StocktoD, 4acr»_ento, M»n-
«loU. Vrtsno. Ilaufutd. VUalia.
VurtetTlilo M<ISr
¦11:911a Livcrm ore. 8aag«r. Goshcn Juno-
tioa. BAkersfleld. Lo» Acgelas
•i*:<m»m U»jwar>l», Mies and Way at»t!ou« . *3i45p
fl:OOp 8acr»iuentu Kifer Ste»m«r» f3:0ilA
*3:O»r Ilsjwird*. Nile* and Way Htttioos. *3:l3r
¦4i««r Martiuvx. .San iUmon, Vallejo,
n»ivv. r«Hnim«. .siui_ i:<x» *wiis*
•4<««r Upaicia, Winters. Saetaniento,
- IVooiiiariil, KnlgbU ).»mlliij.
Miirxsilllc. Orofille 'UliU*
•|:Snp Niles, MauJineandStnekton *?:ISr
••¦»:O«rTli« Owl Limited -Tracy. Frrnuo.
IV_enSolil. H&u|tis for .S.vut* Bar-
bara. Loa Angeles. "IO:lti
•»:OOpatocktoa *»i43.i
•SiOopNew Orl'anr Expresa-ltalieniilel.l.
S.tnU llarltara, l.i,.t Angeles. l>«n>-
in«. El P_o. N«w Oilaaua aud
K_t •T««!»4
•«:O«p Havnardt, Nile* »uil Man Josa 'Til 1 **
t«iO«r Vallejo M3il3r
»B:O«»i- Oriental Mail-Ojilen, Cheyenne.
Omaha, Clilcsja 'liilip
•S:OOr Oriental Mail— OgJoo, Denier.
Omabn, Chi<»co *4»t!»r
•TiOOp Nllea, Tra<7, Lathrop. 8tockt<m.... M*sl3r
• «:»«r Oregon anil California Ki\trt.f**>
Ii»iii«i.I,p, MarjmtiiiV, LV.I.IiiiK,
¦¦••rttaml. INiget 8uiii..I and f.wH •*•#*»
t«i«5p VhII. -I... r>jrt i ,>,»» and Way Mta-
tH.li. H1:W|.
COAST DIVISION ISummQtmtA
(F<Mit<-f M:irkctStre«!>.i
JT:43a Santa Cnu Excursion for .Santa
Cruz and Principal Way SUtiona t*<**r
•Sil.V* Newark. l>nt<Mtiill<*..Saa.lii««.Krlton,
Iiouitler Creek. Haul* Cruz ami Way
SUtioin ••iSOp
(3il9p Newark. < V..f et»l!l.-. .San Jos«, S-*
Almailen. Helton. lli>u!<l«r 4'rrolc.
Bautta '«,'rus and l'rincipml Way
Stations •l»r.1»*
Mil.ip Newark, Man ,In«», LniGatca ?¦>*»4
i«:l3pGlenwood. Felton. Hanta Pnii eir.im
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rr.aoSlN ritlCUCO— rnt »t Mir*.v Strnl (!>ll» »)—
*7:IS 3.00 11:00*. H. 11:23 »2;33 |] : ;3
•Wa JS:33 •«::3r.».
fr»!»0»lU!l»— fMl »fir«a»«f.— '«.00 It.na lOOOl.H.
t!2:C3 '1:53 13:C3 *3::3 ti:S3 •S.:3r.».
COAST l>l VISION (Hroa.lUaair.e).
(Thlnl»i.»ITo^itw.ilSt».)
40:10* Ocean View. South **» Kranciic.... t**>3Up
t~:O»A Han J<m« ;t..il Wbj KUti..im (Xe<*
Aliuatlmt V.e.I.i«u.l«j« only) *li3»r
JTt30.4 Sunday Excursion f r Han Joscl
Santa Cruz, Pacitio firors and
l"rincl;>al Way Stations {S:33p
•9i«O4 Nan .In*. Tie* I'iinia, limita (.'nix.
Pacific Unix. r.a.. l!..i.i^n. San
l.uU Ot.lmu.. Muir. Lompoc ami
1'rii.cirai n«r si«i,,i:; M^nr
•IO14O* San Jom ami Way Stations ¦•*_»«
•11:30* Sau.]ose,Loaaatosaii<lWaySUMoi<« »5i:io?
t'«:43r8an Matro. l>.l»u.>il. M-r.lo Park.
Tain Alto. Han— Clara. h*Ja»
Tres Pinoa. H»nt» Ud— , Salinaa,
Monterey ami I'aeilie (JroTB 1IAtSfl%
tS:3Opg«aJoteand Way Stations *7:3»?
? I:I»P San Josean.l Principal Way Stations *1>:43*
f5:««pS>n Joae. Los Oatos and Principal
Way Stations *•<••>»
•3t3Or aauJoaeaaaPHneipalTVayStatloua t*UK3«
•«:3«r 3au Jcteaud Wayfltatlons ?%:©»»
6ll;43p 8>nJc»e ami Way Stations *7:3Bp
A for Morning P fur A fternoon.
•Daily. t Sunday exeepted. I .Su.iiUi natj.
b Saturday unly.
I • Satoxday and Sunday. . e Moa_y o_y.
I —^ ___^ _ _ __ _ ¦
CALffOSNIA NORTBWESTEBN RT. CO.
Xj_3S3_3_3
I SAN FRAHCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
i RAILWAY COMPANY.
| Tlfcuron Ferry, Foot et Market St.
'< SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN* RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:30. »:00. 11KS0 a. m.; U.tS,
3:30. 5:10, S:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 n. m. Saturdays^ — E_tra trips at 1:S*
- and 11 :30 d. m.
BUNDAY8-8:». J:30. 11:00 a. o.; 1:». S:M,
6:00. 1:20 d. ra.
SAN RAFAEL TO BAM FTIANCISCO.
"WEEK DAYS— «:10. 7:00. »:KJ. 11:10 a. m. : 12:45.
1:40. 5:15 p. m. Saturdays^ — Extra trips at
1:(5 and (:3S d. _. '
BCNDA78-l:10. 1:40. 11:10 a. _.; 1:40, J:40,
S:OS, (:3S p. m.
Between Saa Francisco and Schaetzen Parlc
same achedula as above. .
Leave j In Effect. I Arrlva
Ban Frarclico. (Apr. 15. 1900. | San.Franclaea
Week I Bun- I I Bun- I Weak 1
Daya. | days. I Destination. | days. | Days.
7:30 ami 8:00 am Novato. 10:40 am! 8:40 am
1:30 prn >:30 am Petaluma. «:05 pm|10:2S am
5:U pm| o:03 pm Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm, (:20 pra
I Fulton.
Windsor. 10:25 in
HealdabUTf.
Lytton.
! Geyssrvtlle.
8:30 pm| 8:08 am Cloverdale. 7:S3 pm 8:M ptn
7:tO ami I Hopland I [10:25 am
3:30 pra' g:00 am! and liclah. I 7:35 pm! S:20 pm
7:30 _j ] ! J10:_ am
1 8:00 in GuerneTlIle. I 7:S3 pm!
8:30 pm! I I I <:29 pni
7:30 am! 1:00 am' Sonoma 9:15 ami 8:40 am
and i
5:10 pm| 8:60 pm! Glen Kll*n. «:CS pm[ S:20 pta
7:30 ami 8:00 am] !10:4Q am|10:23 am
1:30 pm| S:00 pm! Bebastcpot. f 7:33 pm: 6.10 pm
Staves connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and Wirlte Sulphur Springs: at Fulton
for Altnina: at Lytton for Lytton Springs: at
Geyservllle for Skazzs FprtEK-s: at Cloverdal»
for the Oeysern: at Hopland fr>r Duncaa
Burins. HlxMand Fprings, Kelseyvllle. Carln-
bad Sprlnjrs. Soda Bay. Lakeoort and Bartlett
Bprlntrs; at Ufetah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga
Springs, Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake, Witter
Spring*. Upp#r Lake. Pomo, Potter Valley.
John Day's. Riverside, LleTl#y*s. Bucknell's.
Eanhedrln Heights, KullvHIe. Orr"a Hot
Bprtnrs. Mendorino City. Fort Eradtr. West-
port. Usal, Wllllts. Laytonrllle. Cummins.
Bell's EprtnKS, Harric. Olsen't, Dyer. Scoti*
and Eur-ka.
Saturday to Monday round trio tickets at
reduced rates.
On Sundny round trip ticket* to all point*
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office. «50 Market St.. Chronicle bid*.
H. C. WHITING. R. X. RTAX.
General Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
JMTSICAL I.fSTRUMEXTS.
BTB03 MAUZY B_R__ha rjjrry ~ —
SOS Tost «t_
Ftccart. sqruare «»^
French upright ----.—...... •«
Hallett _ Davis " ,J2
FTir.way. fairly road " ?2°
Majrytir, nearly new JL'i
Oiickerins. lar*e *!ze Z?k
rirhmond, larpe size
Deckor. ralinct grand
Orfoa Mauiy. nearly new . Z'-i
SMimcr. slightly used .. Jii
t £iiB?7S£»3k__ —••••«!«
Arton. rofiewnM case *=* J| •»
l:a!lpt A- Havis »i? S
"/w. finest condition':::::::: _*_
Manner & Ron*. J5JH
Kir.^bury. oak .......I.:::: S2
Standard. u *cd a few _Orth_t_ M _":_S M
___ ___?£_" lll 52; ? Uslc and •verythln*
in me itjs.e Itne. Ohickrrinc Vw» ST»ri ; nr
J^xn^. NJ - CURTAZ * sonViV^I
TO » Market* fT * house. Their address Is
DON'T fall to see the beautiful Decker & Son
It 3L rr3nfls j ' Jst «•"¦•« v*d at MAVTVAIS', 7--S
Et ' * al * tbe b *" st * ver Bho ' tvn ln
NO matter what you want in the line ef mtt-
sical porrfs. yr u can always do best at MAU-
\ AIS'. 7C9 Market «t.
•*££¦. £. u "" hllsers r^ Pianos at SHERMAN.
CLAY _ 00/6 bare the privilege cf ex-
changing fr r a STEINWAY r.ny time w<thlr»
tliree years and full pure*asi» pr;o? allowed:
the b»«t mak«r* of every srnde to s'lf-ct from;
beautiful n«>w upright* J6 cash. S6 per month:
FHEUMAN. CLAT & CO.. STKINWAY
wF.ALERS. corv.er Kearny and Gutter ets..
? Pen Francisco: corner Broadway and Thir-
teer.th Fts.. Oafc^nd.
AT a discount, to establish our new location.
we will give 10 ;er cent off 03 jiar.n«; Kojna
f'cor.d-l-.ana bargains; J Hplne uprights. $327;
- Bte—wmya. $vj:. : i r-fc!ck«Tin«r. $:«: 1 Ha-
f ™ & Hamlin. $530. and 20 other bargains:
"?*"' for Hallott & Travis and 5 other makea.
HniNE PIANO CO.. 217 Gecry st.. near Cl:y
cf Paris.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and larpest ho_«
west of Chlcaco \r KOHLER _ CHASE'S. 2«
2S ana 30 O'Farrell et. : pianos, organs ani
all other muMca! Instruments of all erades
«r.1 prlcfs; terms easy; prices lowest; every-
th'.r.fc possible dor.e tu please and satisfy the
<"u«tonw-r.
MTXBT ffell— A b*fi-.it!ful uprig-ht. irood as new.
elegant ca*e. $!&'¦; also a r.ire practice piano,
_U«. Room 10. Flood bulldine.
BARGAIN— Good pi^no cheap: lnstallm<-nt~$S
;t month. Pf-HMITZ. 36 McAllister ft.
tv g. BADGER, 412 Parramento «>t., agent for
— _ ____ P ' arr ' n srlrt Hal'.ctt & Davis pianos.
SUPERIOR violins, zlthorn. old and new! W.
Ml rj.ftly, »naker. rppalr'r. ; Latham plac«.
Reduction sale: new pianos; $5 payments!
rent, fj up. BBUESK, 201 Po« ut.
ITIGH-ORADE r!»nos: 5t«vk. Hardman. ~Cm^-
"v<r ft otbery TV'. P. AIXEX CO.. ?*.4 Tost.
STORES TO LET.
EMMA PPHCCKELS buildTns. "?:7^7arke"t^
lijrht and ninny, JiD to $10 per month;
TO rent— Modern store: won lighted; 25x140;
rr.t rfaFr.r.3r.l». S3 Hay-s ft.
PALMISTRV.
_RP. VAN BAKEn. BCientiflo palmistry. 732
Eddy. nr. Po'.k; no rlgn; hour*. 1 to S p. m.;
Sunday by appointment; phon* Polk 1155.
MMH. NEKI'.'JAARD ha« removed to Ton Post;
i-ur» I to 5 «*ve. # and Sunday by appointment.
PERSOXALj.
GHNTLEMAN of 30 wishes to correspond
:».•:>- tr.atrlmoniaUy Inclined. Address box 3750,
Call office.
| CKNTLEMAN. aped 32. tithes to form the ac-
quaintance of ynunjr lady; object matrimony.
Iloi ST4J-. Cull office. •
IF this Fhould meet the. eye cf MRS. A.
CHABTHAT, from Nome City, it will be of
ir?erp=t t« call at V:i second #t., city.
C__RO!C
MR. KMILE WACK. call at office. Lick House.
I I receive- rarcel. W. F. TV.
rr.IVATE detective work; reasonable rates; 10
( f.rs' ejcr^rlence. J. B. R.AY. S. r ,7 Jessie et.
RAG carjwts wove to order and for saie; also
cheaille-wove rues, silk, portieres; dealer in
carpet twine. In hank or chain, at lowest
rates. GEO. MATTHEWS. 70S Fifth. OaJtland.
THE HCDSOS RIVER Co7.
HOPKE BROS.
yattrpJFes an3 pillows made to order, recov-
»r»d end renovated: honest work guaranteed:
r>ri.-e* Affy oompetltion: fin^uphn.stfr}'; phono
LZPS: factory-. SIS _d Zl r j Eleventh St.: first-
class clearing- ar.d dyluj. VIS O'Farrell. near
Potrclt. San Francisco.
JT_t_KXS_ ~~~
Scientific H*al!r. s .
51S Golden Gate ave.
•DEREB !«?!'• El Perfecto Veda Roujre. 50c:
n bfautifie» the face; first Quality hair rolls
at a liargrain. 1TZ Stocktcn et.
EXXCTBIC Ushts ln every room— Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third st.. near Market; 700 rooms;
25c to Tl 50 per night; I: !' !n !i per week;
free 'bus and ba^ea^e to and from the ferry.
Lr.DERER'P Quintnnica Hair Tonic 2ic box;
Foamo Shampoo 5c packape.
FT1TS to order on installments: $15 upward;
tl a »e*k. I_3OW LICMOS. 1117 Market St..
b»twp»n Sevrr.th and Eighth.
PILES— SCO X)«?r?r.anent cure* ln San Francisco,
who can b* seen: no or^ration: no pain: par-
ttcular» F»nt.' Ad. rfcyrtclan. bcx ISrA Call.
LEDERE R, the popular hairdresser: up-to-
i ''at* latent fadf ln hair etyles ir>c only.
;"ITi> to order on easy payment*. Art Taiior-
ine Co.. 1644 Mkt.. under St. Nicholas Hotel.
HAIR quickly curled or waved by uslns Tal-
r-c'Xt curlinc f.'-iid; 25e a bottle; dn'.fRistj.
V AXTEl)-<i!(i-fafh!nnH Bilvef, brans, copper
»«t-»: curios. a!i d»-5rr:ptic'n«. "5 Dup->nt Et.
ALFKEPUlia Egyptian Henna restores Bray
hsir to it? natural color; II. at all druggists.
CAST-OFF olcthir.c. old pnM and «l!v«r bousht:
»pr..j r«-?ta!. COLFMAN'S. '.ng Kuray gt.
PIllSICtASS AND SlUGKOXS.
r-P. C C O'DONNELL— Offic- and r«ridenc«.
; f?-'r Market ft.. l«tff>»n Sixth wr.d Seventh.
It CAL ESTATE — CITY — VOIX. SALE.
X.~Mr^Pr:C^«-~Trrr6€7~liarki?~6tr" ' "
Rciil _^tat<» an.l tavestBieat Agents.
. Full Charge Taken of Prop-rty
lioe.CCO— E!!:.«-st. eomer; ;jxi27;6; doraoWn;
rplendid bui;i:ng; pays better than
bonds.
f_.00C— Two corners; U_32t feet; close to Vaa
Ness eve. _id McAi'ifter st.
140/00—Ccrner; modem huiidlngs; p«y« 8 per
c/r.t n»t; lot f-nxifr-.f.
120.000— Ccrrer; «0 feet front; vicinity Jonea
and Geary nr. ; choicest ccrner ln this
tflftrict.
j2,;or_-76 f«t front en Fixth st.: 4 etorej and
I fla'F; rente _4<v> per year.
yj, rno— Rents $146: new improvements: Ellis «t.
HO (**.— EdeJy-»t. fiati: rents $jj; I frontaees.
«t V/fi — Rents $70; new flats near Van Nets av«.
J4.CCK>— 4 cice fiate; rents $46; lot 3C-X115 feet.
CHOICE UNIMPROVED BARGAINS.
»;S 000— 27:S3c_7:6 feet; water front; 3 front-
ape* ; Stockton ft. and North Point;
lhl« is an Meal manufacturing site.
t3m.txn—l2':6xliS ie-et; northwest corner Cough
and Clay sts. : magnificent regldenc*
eite; fine marine view.
j;r. ,f»v)— Southeast corner Market and Church
ftf. ; <ilxl08 feet; 1 car lines; want offer:
::.-.¦• sell.
A. M. SPECK _ CO.. «7 Market «t.
| . r-~-
HEADQUARTERS KOR PARK LOTS.
We tave secured choice Richmond anl Sun-
e«t Lots.
DO YOU WANT BAF.GAINS? CALL QUICK.
C r r.ver.l«>r.t Electric Car Linfa to our Lot*.
JSOO to $**V— Funit't I/Ots. opposite new Music
S'and: graded, only $10 monthly.
J400 to $70«— Spl*>n<;id Richmond Lots, streets
graded _d eewered; easy lnstall-
menu.
$75 to J250-l>vel I>ot« near Mission Electric
Cm I^lne. only fS monthly.
$iO0 to Ji.ooo — Fp>ndid Cottages near Can.
Payments same an rent.
FOL. GETZ _ BROTHER.
r.oora A. Cn^cker Building.
FOR RALE— Great bargain; new 8-room park
rr*idenr«>; Kuhstaiulal; handsome; ch^ap:
iprn-.n to fuH purchaner: owner on premises.
fifi Clayton rt., touth of llaight; electric car»
» . > •- the door. *
J1S.000 — CORNER lot. 100x120; new building,
grocorj- end bar, *tcek and fixtures; on end
nt car iin"; clearing »3C0 tao. Box 371*. Call.
V.'AN'TEII for cash rartomer, prr>r*rty b*"t.
Market. Futtrr and Polk «•»>.; paying 7 r* r
•_ ' n ___ n BARNARD. 1118 Brdwy.Oakland.
i^ '.— 'vrrTAOR and 2 n»t houne fronting
f'i*t:t: S7:€x*0; water frnnt. Box 1850. Cali.
MODERN house* baQtilowast price*;plann and
f-stimates furnlthed. Campbell. 114/ Mission.
tTIFS^ION cottage : 6 room« and bath; large lot;
tfrmi to suit buyer. Owr.ar aj Kr-iurav et.
REAL ESTATE — COUNTRY — For Sale
AUCTION SALE.
THE LOS MEDANOS RANCHO.
Property of tha L. L. ROBINSON ESTATE.
Comprising about £000 acres of rich farming
land, located near Antioch, In Contra Costa
County, will be sold as a whole
AT AUCTION,
SATURDAT. SEPTEMBER 22, 1900. at 12
; o'clock noon.
At the Robinson home place, Los Medanos
station. n«ar Antioch. This fine ranch has a
frontace of vcveral miles on the San Joaquln
j niver nnd is traversed by both the Southern
j Pacific »n<l Santa, Fe railroads. The stations
of Cornwall and Los Medanos are on the ranch.
At the i<ar.o time and place will be sold the
i town lots belonging to the same estate, located
| '.n Antioch and New Tork Landing, ln quaritl-
I tl»* to i»uit purchaser*.
Intending purchasers from San Francisco
should c?t tickets to Los Medanos.
For furthor particulars soe catalogues.
BOVEE, TOY & SONNTAG. Auctioneers.
C2t Market St.. San Francisco.
ISO-ACRE mountain home, near Mount Shasta
and Sisrsons. l' l i miles: 2C0 level, with meadow;
buildings, apple orchard, fences, nugar pines;
rrand scenery; must Mil; J4000. SALSBURY.
*:¦? Ninth st.. Oakland.
tCtOO— RANCH. JO acres, for eale; 6-room house
on place; fenced ln; plenty water; few fruit
and ehade trees; 65 acres good to farm, the
rest good pasture: 2H miles from Byron
Springs: S miles from Byron: must b« sold
on account tt mortpage. Write to P. O. box
N, Byron, Cal.
ACCURATE personal knowledge — each of the
?000 ranches on my SALE and EXCHANGE
list. Mori- than all other acrnts in this city.
N. D. SICKELS. the land agent, .6 Geary at.
i CITY property cr.d farms exchanged or told;
| IIr's free. MARION GRIFFIN. 719 Market
I *t.. room 1.
' FOR eaie — About 3 acres of land, near Colma,
| Pan Mateo County. 445 Valencia Et.
____ ESTATE TO EXCUASGB.
j GLEN ELLEN rrape and fruit land: 160 acres
I timber and water; equity JIO-CO; rale or ex-
j change; what have you for it? must sell, so
' rp*ak quick. HENLY. 11 Montgomery st.
ALAM_UbTEM_ENT&
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
! BARGAIN? In Improved and unimproved Ala-
I rr.eda real estate ln all parts of Alameda on
j envy term?. Alameda Land Company, 1500
IVrk ft.. Alameda: 20 Po«t St.. Sun Fran-iscc.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
B_ItK___V HEAL ESTATE.
$_fO— NEW 5-room house, with all modern Im-
provements; corner lot fronting Telegraph
ave. : only 10 minutes of university grrounds.
Apply to MASON _ McLENATHEN*. adjoin-
ing P. O.. Berkeley station.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFiCE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND RE._ ESTATE.
COMFORTABLE HOME _^
Vt a sacrd?ice
cost j3250— price j225o.
Two-story. J rooms, bath, brick foundation,
bay-windows and high basement, with 2 extra
trayp; plenty of closets, all large; street work
and ftone walks complete; electric cars right
in front; hardy to school, churches and local
station; ln choice location; title perfect and a
j forced sale: will carry $2000 Insurance; now
| rented; easy payments or a liberal discount for
I spot cash; to see is to buy; a rare chance; in-
vestigate at once.
GEO. XV. AUSTIN _ CO.,
Exclusive Atents,
1008 Broadway. Oakland.
$150 CASH. $6 50 monthly— Plain cottage of 2
rooms; good well of water; 2 line lots, nicely
fenced; grand view; excellent soil; superb
climate: no fosrs nor raw winds: situate in
FYultvale, clofe to 3 electric car lines, fine S-
ftory echoolhouse and WVfoot boulevard; price
in all $430. Call or send for circular, 455 Sev-
enth rt., Oakland; carriage free. H. Z.
JONES, owner.
FURNISHED or unfurnished house of 8 large
room.* and bath: sanitary plumbing; lot 50x
100; central location. Apply S39 19th st.. Oakld.
OAKLA.MJ HOUSES . TO LET.
GOOD houses. Get I!?t from GEO. VT. AUS-
TIN _ CO.. 1008 Broadway. Oakland.
OAKLAXD KUirXITURB. FOll SALE.
AN introduction to you from II. Schellhaas. the
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin, Oakland.
UOOMS KOR HOLSEKEEIUXO.
C—VyTTcvTnear Flllmore— 2 large unfurnished
roennf; upper flat; yard; water; rear; rent $7.
EDDY. S15 (old number) — 3 or 4 unfurnished
j funny rooms; fine location: private residence.
tlELLIS. 621, nr. I-arkin— Newly furnished front
! room for housekeeping; $10.
ELLIS, 79?— Nicely furnished room; closet, Saa
grate, bath; light housekeeping If desired.
GOLDEN GATE. 622—3 sunny rooms furnished
for housekeeping; gas stove, running water.
HTDE. 410— Sunny front and back parlor, with
kitchen; also alcove suite. JI0.
LARKIN. 814— Larsre Funny back room, neatly
furnished for light housekeeping. $7 50.
MARKET. 24S2— $9: 2 sunny housekeeping
! rocrr.s; private family: adults only.
' MINNA. 322—2 or 3 housekeeping rooms, com-
plete; also double and single; rent moderate.
MINNA, f.46 — Furnished rooms for housekeep-.
ir.g; lar«r* yard.
MISSION, 945 — One room and kitchen, complete
for hoesekeeping.
IIIS^ON, 11_ : .4— Hou6*keeping rooms; J2 and*
|___:
NOE. 151— 4 sunny connecting rooms; gas
rant<\ prate, l«ath; lower flat; $14.
OCTAVIA, 1W3. cor. Geary— SuDny bay window;
gas burners; cooking; large closets; running
w«ter.
OTARUKLL, 123A— N'icoly furnished sunny
roctr.s. with privilege of light housekeeping.
PIERCE. i43, near Oak— 3 or 4 furnished
{ rooms; rpa?ojrsl»l*: sunny; stove and gas.
j O'FARRELL. 742—2 to 4 nicely furnished rooms
complete for housekeeping; 3 connecting, $16;
also Finffle, $8.
POI.K, £22— Unfurnished housekeeping rooms;
alFO sirKl" rooms; rent cheap.
f POWELL. 1401-2 or 3 laree sunny rooms, con-
nected, for housekeeping; sink, gas and beth.
HOOMS TO LET I'nrn. nml I'nfarn.
A— BRUNS\VICK~House. 1<J BUth^Rooms~25o
to $1 rx:r night; $1 25 to 15 per week, and light
housekeeping; open all night.
1 A QUIET and respectable home for light house-
keeping; fru'.tes $16 up; bath; telephorc St.
.Tames. McAllister and Lacuna tta.
BURNETT, 1426 Market (old No. 12S4)— Fur-
niched rms., euites, single; also unfurnished.
BUSH. S24, rear Kearny— Nice furnished roome,
$5 t>er month and up.
BUSH, f.20 (The Elk)— Changed hands, newly
renovated, nicely furn. sunny nn».. $1 60 to $7
I week; 25c to $1 SO night. MRS. P. RANFT.
| BRYANT. 1CG6. near Fifteenth— 4 large Hunny
rooms, with fitable, $12; without, $10; water
fre*;
CLIFFORD. 2M Ellis, cor. Mason-Elegantly
tunny rooms; prices reasonable.
ELLIS. 63?. corner Larkin— Sunny furnished
room; closet, folding be<1; for two persons.
GEARY, J.S6— Elegant runny front parlor, piano,
lipht hkpjr.; suites; other pleas, rms.; phone.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 727— Finely furnished
front room; gas; bath; gentleman; private;
reasonable.
GOLf>EN' GATE Jive.. 1404—2 nicely furnished
b«5r<x,ms. $3; also singly $5; private family.
GRAND SOCTHERN. Fcutbetrt corner Seventh
aril Minion rts.— Sunny rooms, en suite or
Binple; ia-Jies' parlor: reading-room: elevator.
HOWARD. S2»— Rooms from $1 week up to $5;
25c to $1 nisht; also housekeeping rooms.
HOWARD, S8:». cor. 6th— Orlando House-New
management; furnished rms.; suites or single.
HYDK. 4GTU— Furnished room; private family.
LARKIN. 707-Private family; newly furnished
double parlorc; funny; bay window; $16;
:..:¦.;:- only.
LARK IN, 1004, n"ar Post— Newly furnished
sunny rooms, jfroin ?8 uj>; Usht housekeeping.
LAS I'ALMAS. 1KS0 llarket Bt.— Suite of J or 3
rms.; j.rlvnte: bath; sin. rms.; board optional.
MARKET. 1(C5— The Ixshengrin— FurnTshedJ
very desirable front eulte and single, rooms
by the day: 25c to $1; week. $1 50 to $3; trav-
» lirif transients solicited.
MINNA. CS7. corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room, ll^er week; transient.
O'FARREl.L. 20 — Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator: electric liehts; day, wlc. mo.
PINE. 1237— Large sunny rooms, newly fur-
nished complete. In strictly private family.
ROSF.DALE House. S19 and 321 Ellis St.— Kooms,
nlcht So to tl. w«ck tl ii lv i*. oven night.
ROOMS TO LET — Furn. nnd Unfurn.
ROYAL HOUSE, 126 Ellis St.— Incandescent
light: reading room, smoking room and ladles'
parlor; rocms. per night. 35c to $150; week, %2
to $S: month, %i to $20;. elevator on office
floor: rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 23 Eighth St.,
near Market — Furnished or unfurnished.
SIXTH, 242— Nice sunny rooms, en suite or sin-
gle; rtnt reasonable.
SIXTH, 136— Furnished sunny rooms: single or
6uite3: also rooms, for light housekeeping.
TAYLOR, SIS-Elegant sunny suite, suitable
for 2 gentlemen; rent reasonable: also single. •
THIRD. 87— Nice, clean, furnished rooms to let;
tl J5 and ?1 50 week.
ROOMS WANTED.
WANTED— Four unfurnished housekeeping
rooms, within 15 minutes of Union Iron
Works. Ad<1re«s W. H. M.. care MRS. HAT-
TIE BUKTNETT. 33S Capp St.. city,
HOOMS AXD BOARD.
O'FARRELL. 605 (Johnson House)— Large ele-
irant sunny rooms, with board, suitable ' for,
three or four In family, including private bath
and dressing room; must be seen to be ap-
predated; reasonable; references.
GUERRERO. 114 — Newly nicely furn. i sunny
rooms, with board; very desirable; reasonable.
MCALLISTER, 110^— Board and room; reason-
able. ¦
HOARD and rooms at 415 Flr»t St., near Har-
rison.
ROOMS AXD BOARD WANTED.
WANTED — By elri>r!y couple, room and board,
KiO.- private family preferred. Box 4965. Call.
Sl'ECI A J. >OT1CES. _ '
NOTICE to relatives or next of kin to ofllcers
nnd enlisted men of the navy and marine
corps who died or were killed ln action ashore
or afloat and buried outside of the continental
limits of the United States since April 21.
1F9S. Next of kin that dpslre to have remains
pent to a burial place in the United States
should address, before September 21, 1900, tha
Bureau of Navigation, Navy Department,
Washington. D. C, for circular of informa-
tion and Instructions. F. W. HACKETT,
Acting Secretary.
ODD FELLOWS' Cometery-* Association — The
annual moetlrg of the lot owners of the Odd
Fellows' Cemetery will be held on Monday,
September 24. 1900. at 2 p. m., at tha office
of the association. Point Lobos ave., for the
election of trustees, etc. By order of the
Boari of Trustees.
GEORGE T. BOHEN, Pres.
GEORGE PENLINGTON. Sec.
LADIES — Chichester's English Pennyroyal Pills
are the .best; safe, reliable; take no other;
send 4c stamps for particulars. "Relief for
Ladles," ln letter by return mail; at drug-
gists. Chlchester Chemical Co.. Philadcl., Pa.
ROOMS papered from $2 50; whitened. $1 up;
painting done. Hartman Paint Co., 319 Third.
BAD tenants ejected for S4: collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO..
415 Montgomery St.. rooms ?-T): tel. S5S0.
SEWING MACHIXES AXD SUPPLIES.
ALL Vlndu bought, sold, rented, exchanged; re-
pairing lowest rates; open etfen. 205 4th st.
BOUGHT, sold, rented, repaired, needles and
shuttles; reduced rates. H5 6th; phone Mint 4J.
ALL kinds bought, sold and repairing guaran-
teed. Charles Plambeck. 1915 Mission, nr. 15th.
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
WILSON BROS., storage and moving; covered
vans. Tenth and Market; phone South 762.
PACIFIC Ktorare and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 23^1 Fillmore st. : phone Jackson 281.
TYPEWRITERS AXD SUPPLIES.
GREAT BARGAINS IN TYPEWRITERS— W«
sell better machines for less money than any
house ln the city; rentals, J3. The Typewriter
Exchange. 6?6 California, telephone Main 26S.
ALWAYS bargains ln typewriters: any make.
"Write for orices to L. _ M. ALEXANDER,
110 Montgomery Ft.
NEW typewriters, $5 down, J5 month payments.
REVALK. 4W California st.
TO LEASE.
TO let— Fine rooms suitable for light manufac-
turing purposes. Apply at 511 Sansome Bt.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND Notice— Dividend No. , 109 (fifty
e<ints r»er share) of the Oceanic ) Steamship
Company, will be payable at the office of the
company. S27 Market St.. on and after Mon-
day. October 1, 1900. Transfer books clos<?
on Tuesday, September 2.". 1900, at 3 o'clock
p. m. E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
DIVIDEND Notice— Dividend No. 13 (twenty-
| five cents per share) of the Kllauea Sugar
Plantation Company will be payable at th«
office of the company, 327 Market fit., on
and after Thursday. September 20, 1300.
Transfer books closed Tuesday. September
IS, 1&00, at 12 o'clock m.
•E. H. SHELDON, Secretary.
DIVIDEND NOTICE— Dividend No. 83 (twenty-
flve cents per share) of the Hutchinson Sugar
Plantation Company, will be payable at ths
office of the company. 327 Market St., on and
after Thursday, 20. 1900. Transfer
books will close on Thursday, September, 13,
1900, at 3 o'clock p. m.
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary
_L_BEXAGE1LICENSES. ';
i
The following marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday:
William D. Moller, 27. 3562 Twenty-second
street, and RoA M. Bell, 27, 35 Dehon street.
i Dyer M^ Lamson. 33, city, and Delia M. Shea,
23, Indianapolis, Ind.
Carroll O. Southard. 16. 1426 Clay street, and
Minnie 7.. Brand. 26. 124S Ellis street.
Samuel Rowe. 60, 125 Russ street, and Emma
j H. Abbe. 22. St. Joseph, Mich,
f James Kenna. 2*. 1713 Jones street, and Ella
I Welby, 23, £68 Post street.
Francis J. Hancock. 23, 21 Hardy street, and
Gertrude M. Dobson, 21, 47 Elgin Park avenue.
Cornelius J. Deasy, 27, 862 Bay street, and
Agnes H. Williams. 21. 1001 Tennessee street.
Henry Joost, 22, Alameda, and Irene Q. Stauff,
17, Oakland.
Benjamin C. Rurker, 35. city, and Ozelta
Standiford. 21, Pnelling. Merced County.
Samuel J. Well?. 22, Mokelumne Hill, and
Mattle E. Smith. 2. r >. Los Angeles.
Peter Moller. 4S, 605 Battery street, and Maria
Hase, 40. G03 Battery street.
BIRTHS— MARBTAQES— DEATHS.-
BORN.
NEAVBAUHR— In this city, September 19, 1900,
to the wife of Julian H. Newbauer, a daugh-
ter.
_________ _.
BLACKMirR— JONES— In this city. September
18, 1900, by the Rev. F. A. Doane, Edward J.
P. Blackmur and Lulu B. Jones, both of Los
Anreles, Cal.
LEVY— PECHNER— In this city. September 10,
1900, by Rabbi Isidore Myers, Leopold M. Levy
of Fresno and Rae Pechner of San Francisco.
MEIER— W OLF— In this city, September 18,
1900, by Rabbi Isidore Myers. Morris Ellas
Meyer of San Diego and Gussie Wolf of San
Francisco.
DIED.
Anlotzbehere, Juan Jones, Bessie
Brown, Eliza W. Kortick. Sarah
Cullen. Paul McCann, Mary
Culllgan, Roea _ Marks, John F. (.-¦
Dixey. Sarah T. Martin. Robert
Donohue, Hannah Moenning, Ltna
Drager. Mary A. Morris. Thomas
Goldschmidt. Samuel O'Connor. Thomas
Greif, Amalie B. M. Sachs, Hannah
Hall, Marrar»t C. Sheehan. Edward F.
Hammerwhlag Annie Tonningsen, N. Peter
Jackson, William H.
AN1OTZREHERE— In this city, September 19,
ISO 1 ), Juan Anlotzbehere, a native of France,
aired B2 years.
BROWN— In this city. September 19, 1900, Eliz*
W. Brown, grandmother of Joelah E.. Flor-
ence A. and Charles A. Doyen and Andrew
Hallidie Brown, and aunt of Mrs. A. S. Hal-
lldle, aged TS years and 9 months.
IT^Fervicef! to-morrow (Friday), at S
o'clock, at 1032 Washington street. Interment
private.
CULLEN— In this city, September 18. 1900. Paul,
beloved h'jFband nf Ann Cullen. and father of'
Harry. Mary. Sarah and Lillian Cullen. a na-
tive of Dublin. Ireland, aged 65 years S
months and 27 days. A member of the Long-
shoi-rmen'n Protective AsKociation.
(CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 9 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 1011 Larkin street, thence to St. Mary's
Cathedral, where a requiem high mass will
be celebrated for the repose of his soul at 9:20
o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
CULLIGAN— In this city. September 19, 1900
Rosa I*, daughter of Mr. and Mrs. W. Cdlli-
gan, a native of Illinois, aged 21 years 3
months nnd 2 days. (New York and Chicago
papers please copy.) /
DIXEY— ln this city, September 1R. 1900, Sara!
T. Dlxey. beloved mother of Mrs. Johnson
Keynclds and William F. Dixey, a native of
Delaware. (Philadelphia. Pa., and Delaware
paper* please copy.)
' t_TFuneral services will he held this day
litNRY J. GALLAGHIEf! CO.,
i (Successor to Flannagan _ Gallagher).
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMER3.
29 Fifth St.. opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South 80.
UNITED UNDERTAKERS.- .
*~2T and 29 Fifth st. Tel. South 167.
ICNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALHER3.
'Finest Equipment at Moderate Rates.
tCTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 9:15 o'clock, from the parlors of
the United Undertakers. 27 and 29 Fifth street,
thence to St. Brigld's Church, where a re-
qulem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of his soul at 10 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery:
TONNINGSBN— In this city, September 18. 1900,
N. Peter, beloved son of John II. and Karl
Tonninpsen of Lakevlew, Or., and brother of
Judge Charles and A. Frederick Tonningsen
and Mrs. H. C. Whltworth of Lakeview, Or.,
and John Tonningsen of San Francisco, &
native of Germany, aged 43 years 10 months
and 8 days.
« J_TFrlends and acquaintances are . respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 10 o'clock, from the funeral
parlora of Porter & White, 122 Eddy street.
Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
IE? Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 10 o'clock, from her late reBt-
dence, 601 Leavenworth street. Interment
Home of Peace Cemetery, by special train
leaving Third and Townsend Etreets at 11:15
o'clock. . It is specially requested to please
omit flowers.
EHEEHAN— In Sioux City, Iowa, September IS,
1900, E<lward F. Sheehan, beloved brother of
Kate Sheehan, a native of the- parish of
Ballygarvan, County Cork, Ireland, aged 27
years. A member of the Journeymen
Butchers' Protective and Benevolent Associa-
tion No. 7 of San Mateo.
(CRelatlves, friends and acquaintances are
respectfully invited to attend the funeral
to-morrow (Friday), at 10 o'clock, from his
late residence. Fourth street, San Rafael,
thence to St. Raphael's Church. Interment
Mount Olivet Cemetery.
SACHS— In this city, September 13. 1900. Han-
nah, widow of the late Louis Sachs, beloved
mother of Sanford Sachs, sister of Mrs. Ber-
tha Strauss, and grandmother of Mrs. Jullen*
H. Newbauer, a native of Bavaria, aged 76
years 3 months and 14 days. (New York pa-
pers please copy.)
(_"Remains at the parlors of McAvoy & Co..
1239 Market street. Notice of funeral here-
after.
O'CONNOR— In San Rafael. Thomas O'Connor,
huaband of Cassie O'Connor, father of Thomas
H. Jr. and William H. O'Connor, Mrs. Fannla
Howelcke and Leonard, Stella, Carrie, Lizzie
Grace and Alleen O'Connor, and brother of
Edward O'Connor, Mrs. Lizzie Lammerman,
Mrs. Leonore Stevens. Mrs. James O'Connor,
Mrs. Mary Nixon and William H. O'Connor,
ased 52 years and 7 months. (Eastern papers
piease copy.)
(HTTriends and acquaintances ara respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from Odd Fellows' Hall,
comer Seventh and Market streets.
OFFICERS and members of Walhalla Rebekah
Lodgo No. 13i>, I. O. O. F., are requested to be
present at Odd Fellows' Hall, to-morrow (Fri-
day), at 1 o'clock, to attend the funeral of
our late sister. Llna Moennlnjt. By order of
JOSEPHINE DUCREW, N. O.
MORRIS-'In this city. September 19. 1900.
Thomas Morris, a native of Morriston. South
Wales, aged 65 years.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to tttend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 179 Russ street, thence to St. Patrick's
Church, where a requiem high mass will be
celebrated for the repose of her soul, com-
menclnr at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
DRAGER— In this city, September 17, 1300,
Mary A., beloved mother of John, Joseph,'
Harry and William Drager, a native of Ger-
many, aged SI years. and 3 months.
(ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 9:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 2657 Folsom street, thence to St. Peter's
Church, where a requiem mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of her soul, commenc-
ing at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery. ¦ .
GOLDSCHMIDT— In this city, September 19,
1900, Samuel, beloved son of Doris and ths
late Adolph Goldachmldt, and brother of Ber-
tht> and *Yeda Goldschmidt. a native of Tuc-
son, Ariz., aged 6 years.
OREIF— In this city, September 19, 1900, Ama-
He li. M. Greif, dearly beloved wife of George
11. Greif, daughter of Mr. andvMrs. R. Zun-
del, and sister of Robert and Frank Zund«-1,
a native of fan FVancisco. aged 35 years 11
months and 5 days.
HALL-In this city, September 19, 1900, Mar-
garet C, relict of the late Sullivan R. Hall, a
native of Pcoria, 111.
(CTThe funeral will take place to-morrow
(FViday). at S:3»> o'clock, from St. Mary's
Cathedral. Interment private.
HAMMERSCHLAG— In this city, September 19,
1900, Annie, beloved wife of the late John
Hammerschlag, mother of Julius, Andrew,-
Thomas, Lottie, Edward and Julia Haramer-
schlaff, and sister or Thomas L. Feightner, a
native of New York, aged 48 years -4 months
and 26 days.
JACKSON— In Oakland. September 19, 1900.
William Harvey Jackson, beloved husband of
the lRte Lucie A. Jackson, a native of New
Jersey, aged 02 years.
JONES— In Los Angeles, September 17. 1900,
Bessie, beloved wife of W. S. Jones of San
Francisco, and daughter of Mary and the late
Lee Baxter, late of Berkeley, a native of
Haywards, aged 24 years.
KORTICK— In this city, September 18, 1900.
Sarah, beloved wife of Frank Kortlck. and
mother of Thomas, Frank and John Kortlck.
M-». D. A. Curtin and Sister Augustine, the
late Mrs. J. Harrington and the late Mrs. S.
McDonald, a«natlve of Ireland, aged 67 years.
ETTrlends and 'acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 53 Chenery street, thence to St. Paul's
Church, Twenty-ninth and Church streets,
where a solemn requiem mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of her soul, commencing
at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery, via electric funeral car from Thirtieth
street and San Jose avenue.
McCANN— In this, city, September If, 1900.
Mary, wife of John McCann, a native of Lon-
don. England, aeed 43 years. i
(C^Remains at the parlors of J. C. CCon-
j nor & Co., T67 Mission street.
MARKS — In Palomares Canyon, Alameda
County, September 19, 1900, John F. Marks,
aged 70 years and 8 months.
|_"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Friday), at 10 o'clock, at his late
residence.. Interment San Lorenzo Cemetery.
MARTIN— In this city. September 18, 1900, Rob-
ert Martin, beloved brother of William Mar-
tin of Petaluma. Cal.. John Martin of Brit-
ish Columbia. Thomas Martin of Fresno, Cal..
George Martin of Woodland, Cal., and Hugh
Martin of Berkeley, CaJL, a native of Canada,
aged 69 years. A memBer of Woodland Lodge
No. Ill, I. O. O. F., and Woodland Encamp-
ment, I. O. O. F.. of^ Woodland. Cal.
C?"Frtends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 1:30 o'clock, under the ausplcea
of the Board of Relief. I. O. O. F.. of San
FVancisco, from the mortuary chapel of the
Golden Gate Undertaking Company, 2425 Mis-
sion street, near Twenty-first. Interment Cy-
press Lawn Cemetery, by electric funeral car
from Twentieth and Guerrero Etreets at 1
o'clock.
MOENNING — In this city. September 19. 1900.
L'.na Moennlrrg, dearly beloved wife of Ouen-
tht- r' Moennlng, and beloved mother of Emil,
George and Herman Moennlng. a native of
Germany, aged 89 years 6 months and 15
days. A charter member of Walhalla Re-
bekah Lodge No. 130, I. O. O. F. (Sheboygen.
Win., papers please copy.)
(Thursday), at 1 o'clock, at the First Congre-
gational Church, corner . Post and Mason
streets. Interment private. "Remains at the
parlora of the California Undertaking Com-
pany, 405 Powell street, corner Post.
E\pNOHUE— In this city, September 18, 1900,
Hannah, beloved wife of Thomas Donohue,
Flster of Julia Iloran, niece of Mrs. Rodden,
Mrs. SuRnie, Mrs. Fitzgerald -and John Bros-
nan,' and cousin of Charles Horan, a native of
Cattle Island, County Kerry, Ireland, aged 26
years. , . . ¦
RAILROAD TSAV1X.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY.
L*ave San Francisco via Sausallto Ferry:
WEEK DATS. ...9:30 a. m.. 1:45 and 5:15 p. m.
SUNDAYS. .8. 9. 10. 11 a. m..1:30 and 2:30 p. m.
Fare San Francisco to Summit and return. $1 4<>.
NEW TAVERN OF TAMALPAIS NOW OPEN.
TICKET OFFICES 521 MARKET 8T..
SAUSAHTO FERRY.
jT Tk Dr, Gibbon's Dispensary;
l^lt l r nl " 54l0 < rtnetr " atm * n 'f' 1 Private
l V?f^__5 Sk J nD ! ll 1? 8efi - l 'h"loctorcurpswheii
era fall. Try him. Chars** low
k^flBBBaEBHBi *- w r '*K*>aranl*et . Cullorwrlt**
Dr. J. r.ulBBOA. Bpx l»37,8aa Fr_c£.-0some of the greatest victories over evil?
heavy with antiquated prejudices. Let us
hope that our next victory may be over
the bondage of alcohol. Intemperance is
the besetting sin of our land. It enforces
Itself upon us like a tide. Experience has
proven that it is useless to attempt to
curb the evil by civil coercion. What we
want are laws which shall protect the
community.
"The enemy's works may be taken by
siege as the League of the Cross has car
ried them. The next practical plan would
be to visit doctors and gain from them a
consent to try to abolish liquors from the
houses of their patients."
The young orator likened the temper
ance movement to a rock hurled over a
precipice, gathering momentum as it goes
downward and carrying all before It.
William Weyand dwelt at length on the
Norwegian system of company saloons.
He urged a gradual weaning from liquor.
•'With us prohibition has failed," he
declared, "because It would make a man
out of a boy at one stroke of the pen."
While the judges considered their ver
dict. "Billy" Hynes put the audience in
good humor with his laughing song. The
suspense did not last long. On the return
of the jury John M. Burnett addressed
the audience, telling them that all the es
says were of so high a standard that It
had been no light task to decide which
was the best. He then announced the
jury's decision.
"Take this badge more precious than
battles won," said Rev.- Mr. Prendergast
as he pinned the medal on McCarthy's
breast, designating him as a "young ath
lete of Christ."
DIAMOND MEDAL OFFERED
BY ARCHBISHOP RIORDAN
TO LEAGUE OF THE CROSS.
Mrs. Jennie Wolff, 632 Golden Gate ave
nue, swore to a complaint yesterday in
Judge Cabanlss' court for the arrest of
Etta Birmingham on a charge of petty
larceny. She was a servant in the house
ajid. it Is alleged, stole several hand
painted plates and a quantity of cut glass.
She was for a time doorkeeper for Bosco,
the snake charmer. She has been ar
rested before for stealing from houses
where she was employed.
Taking Qualities of a Domestic
Dr. Wlnslow Anderson discussed the
affair with the greatest reluctance last
night. Professional ethics would not per
mit him. he said, but he declared that
Mrs. N.evills had had a very narrow
escape. While exidences pointed to
ptomaine poisoning practically similar
symptoms would have resulted from
arsenic poisoning.
Whether or not responsibility should be
placed upon the wedding cake no one
knows, but Mrs. Nevills has made a'reso
lution never to enter so thoroughly again
into the loving feasts of her servants un
less she has an absolute assurance that
love among the domestics has run with
something more than proverbial smooth
ness.
However that may be, the wedding was
announced and the wedding cake, a most
ambitious affair, was prepared. The wed
ding supper was to have been served in
the Nevills home by permission of the
mistress, but at the last moment the
servants determined to feast down town.
But the wedding cake was left at home,
and it was of that cake that Mrs. Nevills
and her aunt partook. Soon after both
were overtaken by the most painful ill
ness. Mrs. Nevills was by far the worse
sufferer, as her aunt soon recovered.
And the gossips of neighboring kitchens
shook their heads, for It seemed there
was a love tragedy as well as a comedy
In the servant host of the Nevills home.
The butler appears to have been a
breaker of feminine hearts in a way, and
the happy possessor of enough affection
to shower it upon more than one fair
head. And the gossips said that when he
won the cook, blonde, buxom and blush
ing, he earned the everlasting hatred of a
housemaid..
ing of Mrs. Nevills has been without
avail. On Thursday she and her aunt
went driving and calling and ate nothing
which might produce ptomaine poisoning.
That day had been one of unusual inter
est in the Nevills household. For a day
the affairs of the kitchen ruled the estab
lishment. Cupid had been busy among
the servants and two of them, the cook,
newly appointed, and the butler, had
launched themselves on the waters of.
matrimony.
Tommy Wallace, the notorious crook,
who was convicted of vagrancy by Judge
Fritz was yesterday sentenced to pay a
fine of $T2o! with th* alternative of 120
day? in the County Jail.
Tommy Wallace Sent to Jail.
Mr?. W. A. Nevills. wife of the million
aire, whose name is not unfamiliar to the
public, has Just passed out of imminent
danger of death. She is still seriously ill
at her home and her friends and husband
believe that she narrowly escaped being
the victim of a poisoner, whose motive for
a crime every effort is being made to dis
cover. So convinced are the Nevills that
a crime was intended that Captain Neville
has expressed his purpose to employ de
tectives and sift the sensational affair to
the bottom. Suspicion, but no proof, has
fallen upon the servants' of the Nevills
household and some interesting develop
ments have already been made. It is
feared that Mrs. Nevills owes her danger
ous and almost fatal illness to the heart
burnings and love-longings which find
their center in her kitchen.
L>ate last Thursday night Dr. Wlnslow
Anderson was summoned In haste to the
home of Mrs. Nevills at 22*M Washington
street. The mistress of the house was
dangerously 111. She suffered excruciating
agony and it was evident that she had
been poisoned. Remedies for ptomaine
poisoning were immediately applied and
in a few hours Mrs. Nevills was giver,
temporary relief.
But she was far from being out o*
danger. Her tongue was blistered and
swollen to twice its natural size and the
slightest exertion threw her into agonlea
of pain. She was unable to move and
for a time fears Were felt for her life.
Time after time she swooned in pain and
it was deemed expedient to telegraph to
Captain Nevills, who had gone to Fresno
on business of Importance. He returned
at once to the city and remained until his
wife had passed the danger point, when
he went back to Fresno.
Before going, however, he declared t-iat
he believed that his wife had been ma
liciously poisoned and he would leave
nothing undone to punish the offenders.
Day after day Mrs. Nevills remained In
a precarious condition until yesterday,
when the physician pronounced her out
of danger, although she is still In a very
serious condition.
Every effort to account for the polson-
New Year and the Day of Atonement
Will Be Solemnly Ob
served.
The Sephardlm congregation of this city
will celebrate the ensuing New Year and
Day of Atonement on September 24 and 25
and October 3 at B'nal B'rlth Hall. Rev.
H. J. Abraham will officiate at the divine
services.
The Sephardlm congregation is com
posed of Hebrews from the Far East, and
although they are very few in number
their orthodoxy and common sympathies
bring them regularly toegther in the house
of worship. •
Rev. Mr. Abraham offers free seats to
all who may wish to join in commemorat
ing the Important feast days. ThPre will
be no choir singing, but plain chanting:
and intoning of prayers.
HEBREWS FROM THE FAR
EAST TO HOLD SERVICES
BROUGHT NEAR TO
DEATH BY POISON
Musteru Surrounds ' Almost Fatal • Illness
of Mrs, . W. A, Mills— Interesting .
Love Drama of the Kitchen.
ROBERT MCCARTHY WINS
THE ARCHBISHOP'S MEDAL
' " ?
Diamond Debate Trophi] Falls to the Young Tem
perance Advocate From the First District,
Rarely has the contest for Archbishop
Riordan's diamond medal brought into j
the field of essays a better lot than those |
contributed last night on "Practical
Plans for Temperance Work." by the
young spellbinders of the League of the
Cross Cadets, whose friends crowded
Metropolitan Hall till there was not room
to move an elbow, to hear their sons or
brothers declaim in friendly rivalry.
There were live contestants this year:
Robert McCarthy of"the First district;
William Wyand of the Second; James P.
O'Brien of the Third; Richard Behan of
the Fourth and Gerald Lawler of the
Fifth. Each of these five had been suc
cessful in his parish contest and later
carried off the silver medal in his district.
Richard Bohan withdrew from the con
test on account of business engagements.
Archbishop Rlordan was to have deliv
ered an address and presented the medal
to the winner, but he was too unwell to
venture out and his place was taken by
the Very Rev. J. J. Pendergast, V. G.
After the essays had been read the
Judges— John M. Burnett, Frank J. Mu
rasky and Joseph S. Tobin— retired for a
short consultation. When they returned
it . was to make Robert McCarthy very
proud and happy. The diamond medal
was his.
The contest this year was exceptionally
Interesting owing to the fact that the
contestants were very evenly matched and
all on their mettle. Applause was liberal
and a general spirit of good natured fac
tionism was In the air.
After a- short introductory speech by
Walter E. Dorn, president of the League
of the Cross, the competitors drew lots
for. the order in which they should de
liver their efforts.
The first chance fell to Gerald Lawler
of the fifth district. He seemed to think
that the remedy for the drink habit lay
in the victims themselves.
"It is moral courage that is wanted,"
declared the orator. "This kind of cour
age displays itself In silent effort."
Then followed James P. O'Brien. His
excellent delivery and clear reasoning was
warmly applauded. He said in part:
"The liquor question should be made a
national issue. To insure its success the
franchise should be extended to woman.
The contest is practically one between the
home and the saloon. Woman's Interest is
centered in all concerning the home."
The speaker recommended the Norwe
gian plan of company saloons modified to
suit American conditions.
"The use of intoxicants has cost the
American nation 1600,000,000 within the
past ten years," he continued, "destroyed
half a million of lives and degraded count
less millions more. It has populated our
insane asylums, orphan asylums and peni
tentiaries, been the mainspring of un
counted murders and made millions of
widows and orphansl We should lend our
earnest support to those who are endeav
oring to remove this foul stain upon our
civilization."
Robert McCarthy then came forward.
His delivery was simple but very clear,
and the applause which greeted him testi
fied to his popularity.
"The present century has witnessed
annex came the sweet strains of Mendels
sohn's march by Bennett's orchestra,
played as the party entered the parlor.
The music continued until after the knot
had bq»-n tied.
The fcrlde wore an exquisite gown of
Ivory satin, the corsage being trimmed
with chiffon and point applique lace. She
wore a tulle veil caught with orange
blossoms and carried a shower bouquet of
bride roses. Her maid of honor.' Miss
Genevieve Evans of San Jose, a cousin
of the bride, wore white lace over rose
pink silk and carried a shower bouquet of
pink roses.
The best man was William H. Harrel
son of this city and the ushers were F.
V. Keesling of San Francisco and H. Ha
vens of Piedmont. Mrs. Breeden, mother
of the bride, wore an elegant gown of
broadcloth with bodice elaborately em
broidered with cut steel and black lace
with a touch of black velvet.
Only the immediate relatives and friends
of the bride and groom were present.
After their honeymoon, which will be
spent principally in California, Mr. and
Mrs. Burmister will live in Prescott.
Ariz., and will be at home to their friends
October 17.
THERE was a charming wedding
in the Palace Hotel at 3:30 o'clock
yesterday afternoon, the contract
ing parties being Miss Blanche
Virginia Breeden, daughter of Mr.
and Mrs. H. C. Breeden of Portland. Or.,
and Howard Coles Burmister of Prescott,
Ariz., vice president jf the R. H. Burmls
te-r &. Sons Company.
The wedding -was the sequel of a Stan
ford University romance, both the bride
and groom being graduates of that Insti
tution. It was while the two were pur
suing their studies ihere that they first
became acquainted. The bride is a beau
ilful young woman, very entertaining and
popular in Portland society circles. The
wedding was held here so that the uni
versity friends of the young couple might
attend.
The ceremony wa.? performed by Rev.
Dr. TV. H. Langdon. the bridal paity
standing beneath a canopy of smilax and
roses, with a background of palms, In the
main parlor on the first floor. From the
McGlade Trial Delayed by an Error
• in the Selection of
Talesmen.
Sheriff Lackmann obeyed an order Is
sued by Judge Burnett directing that a
special venire of 150 talesmen be sum
moned that a jury might be secured to
try Peter McQlade with such zealousness
that he must do the work over again. The
Sheriff went the court fifty better, sum
moned 200 talesmen, dismissed forty on
his own motion and returned the names
of 160 to the court for service.
When the McGlade case was called yes
terday morning Attorney Lennon, who
represents the defendant, challenged the
entire venire as . being irregular, more
citizens being summoned than the order
called for. Deputy Sheriff Hare was
placed on the stand to explain why. the
additional talesmen were summoned. He
said the Sheriff wanted to have enough
men on hand to avoid the necessity of
summoning a new venire. Judge Bur
nett, however, informed Mr. Hare that
the court alone had authority to name
the number of men to be summoned.
The entire venire was ordered dis
charged and a new venire of 100 men was
ordered by the court, returnable at 2
o'clock this afternoon.
SHERIFF LACKMANN WENT
BEYOND HIS AUTHORITY
MRS. HOWARD COLES BURMISTER, WHO WAS MISS BLANCHE BREE
DEX OF PORTLAND UNTIL YESTERDAY, WHEN SHE BECAME
THE WIFE OF A YOUNG ARIZONIAN.
STANFORD ROMANCE
ENDS IN A MARRIAGE
Miss Blanche Breeden of Portland and
H. C. Burmister Married.
Abbie Rose Wood is again forcing her
claim to recognition as the lawful widow
of the late Josei.h M. Wood- Her ap
plication for a family allowance of $250 a
month from decedent's estate pending the
settlement thereof was argued before
Judpe Troutt yesterday. Judge Belcher.
In a recent decision, held that Mrs. Wood
was not the lawful widow of the deceased
and judicially decreed that their mar
riage In Nevada within one year from the
date of the decree of divorce that released
the «jec*¦a^e¦i and made his marriage to
the claimant possible was illegal, null and
void. . . •
Judge Belcher n?ac!:od his decision In
the action by which Mrs. Wood sought to
recover Jlo.a'Ri on ?.n a.nte- nuptial contract
In which she agreed that for the consid
eration therein staled the would release
all claims *he then had or might have
by reason of her marriage to the proper
ties and estate of Joseph M. Wood.
Though the contract on its face was valid.
Judge Belcher gave judgment against
Mrs. Wood on the ground that her mar
riage to Wood was illegal. Up to the time
of this decision Mrs. Wood had been re
ceiving a rfguiar mor:ilily allowance of
J2uO from the estate. Its announcement
caused a revolt on the part of the chil
dren of the 'irst wife of deceased and
thev refused to pay a further allowance
¦without an order of court. Timothy J.
Lvons and Lloyd & Wood, on behalf of
Mrs. Wood, hied a petition for a monthly
allowance of J2jH a month pending the
settlement of the estate. After the dis
tribution of the estate Mrs. Wood will
receive a monthly income of $250 in ac
cordance with the terms of the decedent's
will.
Testimony was taken on the hearing of
the case and arguntent was opened yes
terday. Tirnothv J. Lyons, on behalf of
Mrs. Wood, first addressed the court on
the if-sues involved.
"It is my belief that the policy of the
law— and If it Is n<>t it should be— is to sup
port marriace wherever contracted." he
fald. "Marriage, btir.g the foundation of
society, is a natural right which the
Christian world recognizes can be entered
Into everywhere. It has been beautifully
taSd that marriage is the parent not the
chiirf of society. Marriage is not a right
undfr the law— it is a natural right apart
Jrom the law. and the law but governs
Its Folemnizction. That law which pro
hibits marriage within one year after the
eigniryr of the decree of divorce applies
alone to those marriages solemnized
within this State. N<» law enacted by the
people of this Suite can provide for mar
riage without this State. The statutes
provide That all marriages recognized as
legal by other States or nations are legal
In California. A judgment of divorce, by
a decision <>f our Supreme Court, like
a judgment in any other case, goes into
effect the moment the court pronounces
its decision. We have a statute which
pays a der-ree of divorce dissolve? the
marriage and restores the parties to the
ftate of unmarried persons. This statute
is absolute and by it the parties are made
'unmarried.' This section prohibiting
marriage of a divorced person within one
vear from the date of a decree of divorce
has nothing to do with anything but the
'validity of marriage.* and as no State is
presumM to refer to any act except that
oorurrlr.^ within its own borders, and
from the fa<-t that the marriage of Jo
prph M. Wood and Abbie Rose Wood is
rt-c-'pr.ized as Ic-gal and valid ii. Nevada
It must be so recognized in this State and
by its courts."
O P. Kvans. who represents th" children
of the deceased, argued that th° prohibit
ory ftatute was a part and parcel of the
divorce decree and was not merely a pro
hibition of the second marriage of the
parties until one year had elapsed after
the decree had been entered. The decree,
Mr. Evans contended, did not become op
erative until the year ha<l elapsed, and
hence the marriage of the claimant to
Joseph M. Wood was invalid.
Next Friday further argument will be
ordered on the carse. Opposing the views
expressed by Judge Belcher are three
opinions — one handed down by Judge Fitz
gerald of Los Angeles, one by Judg Heb
bard of this city and the third by Judge
Lucas F. Smith of Santa Cruz. In a re
cent letter to Mr. Lyons Judge Smith
said:
"I send you a decision made by me that
raay be of service to you and 'consoling'
to The newly married couple? from Ne
vada. I pave the question much study and
the attorneys were so fully satisfied that
I was correct in my construction of the
law that no appeal was taken. I think
voti will reverse my friend Judge Belcher,
who differs from me on the questions in
volved."
Thnush four decision? on the Nevada
marriace question have been handed
down in the Superior courts, none has as
vet reached the Supreme Court on appeal.
Thf- case at bar, hawever. will probably
reach the court of last resort and the
uncertainty that now fills the minds of
many married couples throughout the
Elate will be forever ended.
Argument on Her Petition for Fam
ily Allowance From. Deceased
Husband's Estate Heard
by Judge Troutt.
Abbie Rose Wood's Marriage
in the Sagebrush State
Causes Action-
LAW THAT MADE
NEVADA POPULAR
AGAIN IN ISSUE
So many curves are being tossed Into
the local racing game that the chances
are when big Ed Corrigan arrives here
early -In October he will almost be con
sidered a stranger. With Ingleslde and
Tanforan leased to a syndicate headed
by Prince Ponlatowski. Corrigan Is apt
to appear in the role of a nonentity. To
add further to the perplexing situation,
at a meeting of the directorate of the Pa
cific Coast Jockey Club, held on Tuesday,
Hall McAllister, C. O. Poole and William
Angus were elected directors to fill the
vacancy made by the resignation of S.
N. Androus, Henry Crocker and "Walter
Hobart.
When Corrigan, while watching the gal
lops at Newmarket, heard of the many
shifts brought about by Prince Ponla
towski It is sdid he immediately pur
chased a ticket for California. He will
soon arrive here with several pounds of
excess baggage in the way of legal docu
ments, and will endeavor through courts
to undo all that, has been accomplished
by the projectors of the San Francisco
Jockey Club. '
Quiet Meeting Held by the Pacific
Coast Jockey Club on Tuesday.
Corrigan Coming With
Bells.
Walter Hobart and H. J.
Crocker Are No Longer
Directors-
MORE CHANGES
TAKING PLACE AT
INGLESIDE TRACK
new electric elevator for the City Hall.
It will be capable of accommodating
twenty passengers and will be completed
and In running order within eighty days.
Two Days of Rejoicing.
$3 50 ladles' and gent's shoes In all sizes
and styles for {1 ?5 a pair. On sale to-day
and to-morrow only. The Bee Hive Shoe
Co., 717 Market, near Third street. •
Crazy From Too Much Drink.
William Corlett. 130 Eleventh street, was
taken to the Insane ward in the Receiv
ing Hospital yesterday suffering from de
lirium tremens. He was so violent that it
took several policemen to hold him down
till he was strapped to his cot.
j They bind all kinds of books in any style.
1 Myeell-Rolllns. 72 Clay. •
Cadets Will Entertain.
Company L of the League of the Cross,
Mission Dolores Cadets, is making
extensive preparations for an entertain
ment and dance to be given in Mission
Parlor Hall, on Seventeenth street, Octo
ber 4.
ANOTHER GAS VICTIM
LIES IN THE MORGUE
Body of an English Mining Man
Found in His Room at Mexi
• can Hotel. •
Robert S. Carlisle,- an English mining
man from Chihuahua, Mexico, was found
dead In his bed yesterday afternoon In
his room at a Mexican hotel at 720 Cal'
fornia street. The gas Jet in the room
was turned on full blast and the body
was quite cold when it was discovered by
Guadalupe La.brada, the owner of the
house.
Whether the case was one of suicide
will have to be determined by a Coroner's
Jury. Carlisle had of late been out of
funds and drinking heavily, but telegram?
found among his belongings made it evi
dent that he could get money easily upon
application to his brother In Chihuahua.
One of the telegrams, under date of Sep
tember 7, read in Spanish as follows:
"Yesterday sent money by. express." A
second telegram, delivered yesterday,
after his body had been found, read:
"Yesterday at 6 o'clock Caspar died "
The first message was signed by A. H
de Carlisle, supposed to be the dead man's
brother. The body is at the Morgue.
JUDGE CONLAN LISTENS
TO PLAINT OF THE LEWS
Decides Policeman Was Justified
letter in Arresting Them, but
Lets Them Go.
The Levy family, consisting of father,
mother and daughter, who were arrested
Tuesday nlpht by Policeman Douglass on
a charge of disturbing 1 the peace, appeared
before Judge Conlan yesterday morning.-
The father had spent the night in the
City Prison and the mother and daughter
in the Receiving Hospital, as -Mrs. Levy
was suffering from an attack of hysterics.
The daughter, whose stage name is
Flcrer.re Schafer. explained to the Judge
that she wanted to go to Chinatown, but
i her mother objected, and that was all.
j There was no disturbance and she was
never more astonished in her life than
• when the officer crabbed her and her
! mother by the arm and placed them un-
I df r arrest.
¦ Policeman Doupiass testified that ttfey
I were making c-onsideraole noise and at
t traded quite a crowd. He followed them
1 all the' way from Bush and Kearny streets
! to Sutter str«*et and Grant avenue before
' he arrested them. He denied slapping the
i old man. He was corroborated by other
officers.
The Juderp said that the offlcer was per
¦ fectly justified In making: the arrests, but
as the defendants had been under arrest
all night he would consider that enough
punishment, and dismissed the cases.
Trial Trip of the Wisconsin.
The battleship Wisconsin finished taking
in coal for her trip to Puget Sound, where
she is to have her official trial, and will
leave here Saturday morning. Captain
Pillsbury will have charge of the vessel
in the interest of the Union Iron Works
and will : Rive her over to Captain Retter
when she is accepted by the Government.
St. John's Trolley Ride To-Night.
. To-night the members of St. John's
parish will give a trolley ride In aid of
the building fund of the new church. The
cars will start from old St. Mary's Col
lege on the Mission road at 8 o'clock
sharp. Tickets are only fifty cents. At
the close of the' ride there will be a sup
per at the college and a dance in the hall
upstairs. Tickets can be bought for the
ride from Father Brady or from any
member of the parish. There will be
twelve cars in line and room for every
body.
Body Recognized by William Latham,
¦Who Says His Brother Was
¦ ; ; Despondent.
William Latham, who resides at 2929
Octavia street, near Greenwich, called at
the Morgue yesterday afternoon and Iden
tified the body of the man who commit
ted suicide on Sunday by leaping from the
cliffs into the bay, as that of his brother,
Louis A. Latham.
William told Deputy Coroner McCor
mack that his brother had been out of
work and despondent for some weeks
past, and that of late he had taken to
drink. He said, however, that neither he
nor his wife had feared that he would
take his life. The dead man was Injured
in the head while on a recent trip into
the country and since that time has been
somewhat erratic. <
MAN WHO SPRANG INTO
BAY WAS LOUIS LATHAM
Electric Elevator for City Hall.
The Board of Public Works announced
yesterday that ground would be broken
this morning in' the construction of the
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 20, 1900.
12
SPECIAL SALEI
Thursday— Friday— Saturday.
Why not trade with tis?
Our prices are the lowest.
Our goods the choicest.
SAPOLIO, 4 cakes 25c
Regularly 3 for 25a.
MUSHROOMS ( F. Lecourt) 2 tins 45c
Regularly 30c a tin.
PRUNES, Gal. French, Ib 5c
New crop of choice' Santa Can Prunes,
good sized and delicious.
OK WHISKEY, bot 75c, 3 bots S2
Gallon 93.OO
.Age and purity euaranteed.
Regularly SI and $4.
COPCO SOAP, 6 cakes 25c
An excellent bath eoap. which float*. Mads
by ft. K. Falrtank Co.. Chicago.
Regularly :c a cake.
ITALIAN VERMOUTH, bot 50c
Martini & Rossi.
Regularly 60c.
MALT BREAKFAST FOOD, pkg 15c
Delicious In flavor: most easily digested.
Now practically demonstrated at our store.
CIGARS, "La Reputacion. "4for25c
Box of 50, $3.00
A fine large Key "Wes* cigar; clear Havana,
Regularly 3 for 23c; S3 50 a bos.
Country Orders Solicited— Catalogue Pr8».
39 STOCKTON ST., neap Market.
(OM Number 21 Stockton St.)
TELEPHONE MAIN 5522.
advehtis2m:ents.
— — " : — " ! — f
f I ' i I *
I ' ; — 1 I *
V as time shortens in the old store we redouble our efforts to J §>
« close out all the stocks bought for the departing season — all >£?
± the little lots, all the odd lots and all the remnants, it's the Ijl +£»
J 9 most economical occasion in the merchandising; history of 2 >J.
j. San Francisco, in every department you'll find chances as JL i£>
t- good or better than those told of below. *C
i r—~ 1 i *
± j: men's furnishings: :| £ *
± *^— — " » « j. &
3. radical reductions, unmistakable price cuts, have been administered to sundry jXi JL +2»
y lagging big lots and many little ends of fast selling out lines to hasten their » -r
S. exit, here are four of the tots— could as easily tell of twenty: «|» %
.*• men's random mixed camel's hair men's -wool mixed half hose, nattx- J\ JL zt
jl, and ribbed cotton underwear, mostly ral gray and color, made to stand 7i\ . . J&
. . A shirts; odds and ends, but every gar- any amount of hard usage, only 60 J/A; J : . ;*
ju ment worth at least 50c, choice at. 25c dozen left; worth 10c pair, now 5c J ..ft*
" JL men's muslin night shirts, trimmed' men's hemstitched handkerchiefs. V ft
*f w with embroidery. In pretty fancy In different widths of hems, quite *J* %S^
colors, sizes 14^, l" 1^ and 1S%; the fine and sheer, just the handkerchiefs V a>
** very best of the half-a-dollar kind, for every day use; worth 12^c each, f %T
cut to 43c now 8 l-3c r SL.
V "Y ~
:! ° ldsiOre ' M.^^^B^^^^^ charms come. | |
:: _ , ±
— : U-
When that tired feeling comes over you, drink
Jesse lloore "A A" whiskey.
lffi#l- A L 03T Viao.t BE3T0R2D
ylM>u v S&-9, A If >-ou can>t catl at
K«te-' ! ««r'lK olfire. write for
\J5|Sj» *-"| Y) book and question
MW^fci Oil. COOPER & CO.,
Isli^S -^SSl? 313Kiirn7Str«at
San Francisco, Cal.
Cure For
Eye-Glasses
"Which tip. r.lp cr slip. Our new noseznards.
They don't pinch— they hold.
Oculists' prescriptions filled. Factory on
premises. Quick repalria*. Phone. Main 10.
OPT.C.ANsZorV'toTrr-
642 Market 5t. iNSTRUMwra
uixDta chbom'CH su't-S'xfr- CATAICGUE FREE.
DR.MCNULTY.
TniSWEri-KOTWS A2fl> RF.LXABLE OLI>
I .Speria!t*tcurMR'oo<1 Poison, Gonorrhceu.Gleet,
Ntrir t'.ir'-, S»-:iitu»l Weakness. Impotence and their
nllltvl Disorders. Book on Diseases of Me >. free.
Ov»r20vpnm'<»xper : ei>cp.T»rin< reasonable. Kour^.
Dto3i1aily :6::»tr>S.3O«»VK*. Su:nl:iy*. in to 12. O>nmil-
tationfreeandaacrwily confidential. Call or address
P. .lOM'OK JIcXULTY. 31. D.
20*4 Keoroy St., Han Franci»«n,C?l^
Dr.. Bennett's Electric Belt
Makes weak men and women strong and itror.g:
men and women stronger. Rooms S and i, 4?
Post »t.. Sao Francisco Cal.
Dr. M.-J. Fottrell has resumed practice
at rooms 17 and 19. Phelan building. ' • *J*,
SILK WAIST
SALE!
Aaid it'll, be a sale that no contem-
plating buyer of Silk Waists can af-
ford to miss.
Silk Waists that are sold elsewhere'
at 95 50, ?6 OO and $6 50 we will sell
to-day and to-morrow at . . $3.75
Silk Waists that are sold else-
where at $7 0O and $7 50, our prica
to-day and to-morrow is ... $4 95
Every Waist made of best Taffeta
in colors of Black, Navy, Cardinal,
Cerise, Blue, Pink, Rose, Lavender,
Royal, Cadet, Heliotrope, Corn, White
and Gray, trimmed with Cording 1 ,
Tucking, Stitching, Plaits, Folds and
Hemstitching %-. ' : .'.-_
Ladies' .Waists made of all-wool
French finished twilled Flannel,
braided front, back and sleeves,
worth $2 25; sale price ..... $1,49
Ladies' Waists made of Figured
and Dotted Flannel, waist and slseves
lined; worth $1 5O; sale price . . 93C |
CHILDREN'S~DRESSES.
Here's a few goods taken at random from
our Children's Wear Department: we can safe-
ly promise you cannot elsewhere duplicate
these prices anywhere near the prices we're
eclllnsr them:
Children's Calico, Dresses, all sizes lf)o
Children's Percale Dresses, all sizes, elaborately
•trimmed with torchon lace 4J»c
1 Children's White Cambric Dresses, hemstitched,
bottom, yoke, neck and sleeves trimmed with
embroidery 40c
Children's, Cambric or Lawn Dresses In many
styles, neatly trimmed with embroidery,
laces and hemstltchlngs... 74c and O8c
Better qualities correspondingly low, ranging
up to ;.......lfG.9S per carment
SALE OF LACES.
20 different patterns of Torchon* Lace, 3 to 5
Inches wide, worth 10c to . 15c • per yard, on
sale at '. 5c yard
ONE HOSIERY SPECIAL.
Our 20c Ladles' Richelieu or plain black Hose,
double heel and toe, ; full finished and fast
black •........: ;.'... .12£c pair
Children's Drawers, made . of best muslin. 3
pairs T ...USe-
We're offering exceptional values to-day in
Ladles' Wrappers and Muslin Underwear.
Our Chlldrnn'8 Cloak, Jacket and Ileadwear
department is replete with the newest novelties:
1212-1214 MARKET ST.,
Bet. Taylor and Jones. .
Manufacturers and Retailers at Wholesale
Prices.
Hale's.
Hale's.
Hale's.
I PAINLESS
I DENTISTRY I
n « ¦»-»?«
a , , Zvenlnc* until 9. Sundays all *
B '•?- ?
H , Full Set of Teeth, pain- 4
K less extractions !ree...< t.f>0 up I
H Gold Crowni, 22-k $::.7.ll up '
H FIlltnKs HSoup 1
H ' ' Teeth Without Plates Our ?
H " Specialty. "We give gas.- »<>
I "VAN VROOM,"
E lOOt MARKET,
I SIXTH and MARKET.
?*TC§Nb fill *
i^ANSEUIS
tftefiankai Piano Player |
Lj_ifcut-i-J- ¦" ¦'—*»"' *f i£a.-mjiT"i "n . U'gj
j By this Trori6>rf'Jl Invention any- !
body can Pl*y the piano and soon \
learn to put rxprosslon into the 2
mu*Io equal to that of \.\\e greatest 6
masters". J
The Angelus ts placed in front of
the p'.ano; the felt hammers re.st
upon the piano's k^y». You plaw
a r>erforated music roll In the front
part ef the Angelus. pump th-
jwdais as fhown in the above pic-
ture and the music begins. »ou
regulate the volume and expression \
of the music by using the stops ana
following: the ins-tructions on the
mufic rc>ll as It KOfS past.
Records of most all pieces of
music can be fcpcured at a nominal
COPt.
Prieets of the Angrelus range from
J223 to 5225. Call and hear the
Angr-lus at your earliest con-
venience.
Sherman, Clay & Co.,
Steinway Piano Dealers,
Cor. Kearnjr «n<l Sutter et«., S. F.
Cor. 12th anil Broadway. Oakland.
Cor. a<J and Morrison et».. Portland.
711 Second ave., Seattle.
TIME*
Most comciete assortment of
STOVES
In Ban Francisco, from
$10.00 to $65.00
* THE J. NOONAN
FURNITURE CO., lac,
1017-1023 MISSION STREET,
ABOVE SIXTH.
Phone South 14. San Francisco.