MASSACRE OF THIRTY-SEVEN FOREIGN MISSIONARIES
SHANGHAI, Aug. 24. — Mr. Morgan of the China Inland Mission, who has arrived here from
Si Xganfu, reports that thirty-seven foreign missionaries and thirty converts have been mas
sacred at Taivuenfu.
LONDON, Aug. 27, 4:20 a. m. — Dispatches from Shanghai state that the Japanese Govern
ment has notified Earl Li that negotiations will be impossible until plenipotentiaries accept
able to the powers are appointed. Japan suggests the Viceroys of Nanking and Wu Chang and
Earl Li. If these are appointed and China expresses a willingness to make full indemnity Japan
is ready to assist to the utmost.
JAPAN REFUSES TO BEGIN PEACE NEGOTIATIONS.
The Shanghai correspondent of the Times, wiring August 24, says: "Li Hung Chang has
received a message from Peking that the Japanese alone will occupy the imperial palace. The
Japanese Government has renewed its assurance that it will protect the persons of the Emperor
end Empress Dowager."
At a conference of Ministers and generals held at Taku Friday it was decided, according
to the Daily Telegraph, to refer the date of the entry into the Forbidden City to Europe.
JAPANESE STILL GUARDING THE FORBIDDEN CITY.
LONDON. Aug. 27, 4:20 a. m. — Tientsin dispatches to Berlin, dated August 23, say: "The
Japanese troops are in possession of the walls around the innermost part of the Forbidden
City, but have not yet made their way to the imperial palace, owing to lack of Government in
structions."
Over Thirty Thousand Boxers Are Moving From the
South to Give Battle to the Alien Warriors
Holding the Chinese Capital.
LONDON, Aug. 27, 4 a. m. — The latest news from Peking is that the allies, when the last
message left, were still refraining from aggressive action, pending instructions from their
Governments. An attack from 30,000 Boxers was anticipated, and to meet this the whole
American force and the British artillery, according to a dispatch to the Morning Post
from Peking, dated August 18, was moved to the outer city wall. The Boxers were reported
coming from the soutr
ALL YELLOW FOES DRIVEN FROM THE CITY OF PEKING
* Special Cable to The Call and New York Herald. Copyright, 1900, by the Herald Publishing Company.
PEKING, Aug. 16 (via Taku, Aug. 24). — The enemy has been dispersed and wholly cleared
out. The Forbidden City has been evacuated by them and is guarded by the allies. The im
perial palace is surrounded. Pressure is reported to have been brought to bear on the Dow
ager Empress, who has abandoned Peking for the provinces, making Hselnfu, in the island prov
ince of Shansi, her capital. MOLINEAUX.
FLOOD OF YELLOW FIGHTINQ MEN IS ROLLING
TOWARD PEKING AND THE FORCES OF THE ALLIES
ARE PREPARING TO STEM THE BALEFUL TIDE
phases of the existing trouble. The rumor
of a declaration of war by Russia, It Is
explained, may have grown out of the
operations of the troops of the Czar in
the protection of the southeastern fron
tier of his empire, or it may have arisen
from tho reported statement of the com
mander of the Russian forces at Peking
that his Government was at war with
China, and therefore he must prohibit
communication with the Chinese. Neither
the operations of Russia on her frontier
nor the prohibition by a Russian general
of communication with the Chinese would
constitute, it is said, a declaration of
war by Russia. No general . could de
clare war. Even his statement that his
Government had declared war would not
make it .so.
A declaration of war, it Is pointed out
by the best authority, is a perfectly dis
tinct and obvious proceeding. In this
country a declaration .of war may be
made only by Congress.
Among European nations the method
of procedure is simpler, but quite as ob
vious. War is declared by them by edict
or proclamation. It may be a declara
tion of war or it maye be the officia*
recognition that a state of war exists.
In either event the news of such action
would be published to the world imme
diately. Diplomatic | representatives . of
the power making the declaration would
be notified instantly In order that they
might communicate the information to
the governments of the country to which
they were accredited. The Information,
too, would be conveyed at once to the
nation against which the declaration was
.made. In turn this nation would ¦ notify
its diplomatic representatives abroad
that they might govern themselves ac
cordingly. Within three hours after the
official declaration of Congress that the
Diplomats Insist That
Russia Must Declare
War Officially.
WASHINGTON. Aug. 26.-In the
absence of official Information
from China or from United
States officers there Interest
to-day centered In the diplomatic
WASHINGTON
DOUBTS RUMOR
Continued Ton " Second Page.
Continued on Second Page.
WASHINGTON*. Aug. 25.— A dis
patch was received to-day at the
Japanese legation from the For
eign Office of Japan, conveying
the latest and most authentic Information
of the situation In and around Peking. In
a measure the advices were of a dis
quieting nature, as they Indicated that
the Chinese had rallied their forces, and
were preparing for an attack upon the al
lies in Peking. If it should prove that the
allied forces were besieged in Peking it
would account for the lack of advices from
General Chaffee. As made public by
Minister Takahira, the dispatch from the
Japanese Foreign Ofiice at Tokio is as fol
lows:
"An official telegram, dated at Peking.
August 1?, -was received at Tokio from
General Yamaguchl, commander of the
Japanese forces, to the following effect:
" 'The capital is now entirely cleared of
the enemy. A cavalry regiment which
had been sent to Wanshaushan (where the
Empress Dowager's palace is located), re
ports that the imperial family, who had
left Peking on August 14, started, after a
short rest at Wanshaushan, for the west,
and were under escort of General Ma and
his troops, consisting of only about 500
horsemen and twenty cart^. The Japanese
forces occupied the Treasury Departmnt,
in which over 2,000.000 taels in silver and
a large quantity of rice were found.'
"Another telegraphic dispatch, dated
Taku. August 23. slates that as the Chi
nese troops and Boxers who had gathered
at Nanyuea were about to attack the for
eign forces at Peking. Japanese and Rus
sian cavalry were oxpected to encounter
them on the 20th. Tlie dispatch further
states that the Chinese infantry, some 'J000
strong, with 15 guns, are advancing for
ward from Shantung to make a rear at
tack on the allies." "
A copy of the dispatch was transmitted
to Acting Secretary Adee at the Depart
ment of State, and by him furnished to
the President. While the news of a pos
sible rear attack upon the comparatively
small force of the allies was not received
with surprise, it generally was not re
garded as serious, as the foreign fore »s
are believed to be abundantly able > to
take care of themselves* against any force
of Cblnese likely to be sent against them.
Alarming Dispatch to
Japanese Legation
at Washington.
CHINESE PLAN
REAR ATTACK
LONDON', Aug. 27 (4:20 a- m.)—Shang
hai advices say the report of the
capture of Emperor Kwang Su by
the Japanese is erroneous. It was
a case of mistaken identity.
The Peking correspondent of the Dally
TelegTaph. wiring August IS. reasserts
that the Empress Dowager f.ed westward
and sAAf-: "She hail a bodyguard of 1500,
and as the mountainous character of the
country would prevent artillery following
It is believed that she will not be pur-
MJf-d."
A Ueutens nt General Llnevltch. com
' yrander of the First Siberian Army Corps,
cabling to St. Petersburg: under date of
August 16. Bays: "There are no longer
&r.v Boxers in Peking. They were driven
out to-day by the French and Russians.
vhoso flags nre hoisted over the imperial
city. The Express Dowager, the Em
percr. the h»:r apparent and the whole
court have flee to the province of Shensi.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 26.— Had the Japa
nese force succeeded in capturing the im
perial party the situation In Peking: would
have been much simplified, for the Em
peror could have been restored to power
under the control of the foreign Ministers
and thoj cemmauters of the co-operating
forces, and the government could have
beta administered in his name in a man
ner eatisfactory to the powers. It is not
believed that an effort will b« made to
follow the court patty and capture them,
as the undertaking would be most dif
ficult- It is more probable that an effort
will be made to indu-e the Emperor and
Empress Dowager tc return to Peking,
with the undcrsiandir.g that it would be
perfectly safe for them to do so. Even if
they can be induced to return It is prob
able ti.a.t considerable time will elapse
before th*>y can be brought back, and
there is constantly growing danger of
furious friction imong the powers in the
maritime. If they canfcot be induced to
VMrn the powers may be compelled to
re.\.*t to FMtlngjUp tome sort of provis
ions: government and this will present
many opportunities for friction, as each
power would want a character of govern
ment «^.tabHshedl that would be most
favorable to the particular schemes of
ihat power in, Cbiia,
I .• .
She Is Fleeing With a
Bodyguard of 15OO
Soldiers.
EMPRESS NOT
TO BE PURSUED
"In the list of things, to be; done, firiit
comes 'a stable form'of government.' YTe
are trying to give, them that now. If we
retain that the third.clause,'.'protection,*
will necessarily; follow. - Why, if we "do
not \ retain them ..we should -burden our
selves .with protecting them : Is not clear-
"What we may- do -with the Philippines
ultimately, is not the question now.' The
Democratic platform favors 'an immedi
ate declaration of the nation's purpose tc
give to the. Filipinos— first, a stabl/5 form
of .; government; '., second, independence;
and, third, protection from outside inter
ference, such as has bc-tn given for nearly
a century to tho .republics of Central and
South America.' \
"Will not a flame of patriotism rise up
over the land which will testify that at
all hazards we will stand by the flag, that
come J what may we will not turn our
backs on the Filipinos, a disgraced and
dishonored nation?
"It strikes one as odd that a great
party should base its hopes of suc
cess on the killing and wounding of
our troops.
"If the Tagals quit fighting and take
the oath of allegiance on that moment the
¦paramount issue' is dead and so Is the
Democracy. In this contest the Demo
crats stake their all on the continuance of
the fighting.
"It is believed by the insurgents
that Bryan's election will insure their
independence, and they are encour
aged to hold out. The success of the
Democratic party" means success for
them.
Encourages the Filipino Rebals.
"Another commission was sent to es
tablish ti civil government for the Philip
pines. 11 is. now at Manila, and the gov
ernment, it has framed will be put in
operation on the 1st of September, 1900.
Is it not fair and right to assume that it
be tested in practice before It Is con
demned?
Mr. Denby then reviews the work of the
first Philippine Commission, appointed in
January, 1S99, and continues:
"If. Mr. Bryan had. opposed the ratifica
tion of the treaty the Filipinos would have
gone their way— either into the arms ot
Spain or Germany, or into discordant,
warring and petty states. At all events
we would have done with them. This
would not have suited at all, because Mr.
Bryan wanted to wage a successful war
against 'imperialism.' And so 'imperial
ism' was born, and its actual father was
William J. Bryan. He is now endeavor
ing to 'destroy his own child.' Let It be
remembered that this extraordinary dread
of imperialistic rule comes from a gentle
man who has accepted the nomination
of the Fusion Populists, or People's party.
The Populist platform demands that 'the
country- should. own and operate the rail
roads in the interest of the people." Is not
that imperialism?"
this strange parody of Jekyll and Hyde.
He wanted to create the bogle of 'Im
perialism' In order that he might fight and
overcome the monster. • -
CHICAGO, Aug. 26.— Hon. Charles
Dcnby of Indiana, ex-United
States Minister to China j and
member of the first commission
to the Philippines, a . lifelong'
Democrat, has written a letter
urging the re-election of President Mc-
Kinley.
It is entitled "Bryan's Attitude Toward
the Philippines," and is made public by
the Republican National Committee. The
letter, in part, is as follows: "In his
speech of April 17, 1D00, in the Senate Mr.
Hoar said he could not forget that Mr.
Bryan, 'unless he is much misrepresented,
used all his power and influence with
those of his friends who were ready to
listen to his counsels, to secure the rati
fication of the treaty," meaning the Paris
treaty.
"There were seventeen Democratic Sen
ators who voted for the ratification. A
two-thirds majority was necessary. The
treaty was ratified by one vote.
"Mr. Bryan lias squarely assumed the
responsibility of the ratification. We had
taken Manila, on August 13, 180S. In De
cember, 1S9S, Spain hud made a treaty ced
ing the islands to us. We had occupied
them until February 5, 1S39. On that day
Aguinaldo made war on us, our soldiers
having to fight for their lives.
"The treaty was ratified on February
7, 1809. Mr. Bryan advised his friends
in the Senate to vote to ratify the treaty
after the battle of February 5 had been
fought. He knew that war had begun. He
might have readily foreseen what compli
cations might possibly occur out of the
existing conditions.
"Then was the time to have talked
about the 'consent of the governed,'
and not now, when every speech he
makes adds ten names to the roll of
our dead and 100 to the Filipino
dead.
Bryan Denounces His Own Advics.
been had the treaty been rejected. V?
: "Here, then; we have the real reason for
"Mr. Bryan, having the undoubted
power to prevent the ratification of . the
treaty, actually, by his own confession,
advised its ratification. Neither in law
nor in morals can he be permitted now
to secure political advantage ¦ from de
nouncing a course of action which he
himself advised.
"Mr. Bryan gives as his reason for ad
vising ratification [ that 'he thought it
safer to trust the American people to
give independence to the Filipinos than to
trust to the accomplishment of that pur
pose to diplomacy with an unfriendly
nation.'
; "This puts Mr. Bryan in the attitude of
desiring independence for the Filipinos
very ardently. Why should he become so
suddenly Imbued with antagonism to the
Democratic principle of expansion, as ex
emplified by all Democratic statesmen
from Jefferson to Voorhees? . If he could
stand the annexation of Hawaii why, balk
at the acquisition of the Philippines? P
"Mr. Bryan's own explanation is as fol
lows:}
"'I believe that we are now. in a. better
position to ; wage ' , a .:• successful . contest
against imperialism' than; we would 'have
Former Minister to China Points Out How
Bryan Created the Bogie of Imperialism
for Campaign Purposes. •
DEMOCRAT DENBY URGES
McKINLEY'S RE-ELECTION
NOME. Aug. 17 (via Seattle. Aug.
£6.)— The steamer Ohio left here
under special charter to the
Alaska Exploration Company
this afternoon. Stowed away in
the big steamer's strong box is
a consignment of gold dust amounting to
$2,000,000. including Sl.000.000 of Xome eold.
The buiK of the Ohio's treasure is Klon
dike Kold, which came down the river
from Dawson on the river boat Leon. It
was over a month on the way. The Leon
did not make expected connections with
the Ohio at St. Michael, a fact which ac
counts for the Ohio's prolonged stay at
that port. The exact amount of the treas
ure brought down from Dawson on the
Leon is not known. The gold dust ship
ped through the exchange department of
the Alaska Exploration Company alone
amounted to $S30,000.
Xearly $1,000,000 of the Ohio's treasure is
Nome gold, the bulk of which 13 being
? hipped outside by Lindeberg. the ArvJl
king. Neither is the exact amount of
Lindeberg's consignment of gold dust
known. It was shipped in seven large
steel boxes. Lindeberg's shipment possi
bly amounts to a little over half a million
dollars. It was consigned to the bank in
Seattle. Undeberg's treasure was taken
aboard the Ohio late last night.
--s scon as the cold was safely en
sconced in the steamer's spacious treasure
vaults they were immediately sealed and
Purser Hedges placed an extra guard
over it.
The Ames Mercantile Company also
shipped a large consignment of gold on
the Ohio.
Strikes on the Bluestone.
The sensational reports of a big strike
In the Bluestone country are fully con
firmed by the reports of those who
reached here by the steamer from Port
Clarence. The Bluestone is a river empty
ing into Port Clarence and the discoveries
so far made are up near its headwaters.
Pans are reported to have been taken
out running from $2 SO to $12 each. These
prospects are taken out at less than eight
een inches below the surface, and old
prospectors say if the pay dirt extends to
bedrock, the Bluestone country will be a
*orld beater. No development work had
been done so far, but rockers are being
taken into the country as rapidly as pos
sible and there will soon be reports indi
cating how the diggings are to show up
as a permanent proposition. It is said to
be now almost impossible to reach the
new diggings by pack train, since the
ground is so soft that pack horses are
mired to their knees and traveling by foot
is difficult. In fact, the Bluestone is next
year's proposition and not much of an
output is expected there this season.
The first discovery was made on Gold
Run, left fork of the Bluestone. about ten
days ago. too late In the season to ren
der extensive work possible this season.
Every foot of ground has been staked,
even to the second and third benches.
• The population of Nome Is decreasing
at a very, noticable rate.' /With every
steamer great numbers take- their depart-
ByPred -A.. Healy.
Special Correspondent of The Call at Nome.
ure. and the vacancy thus caused has aK
ready become quite apparent. No longer
is the street crov/ded with great throngs
of fortune hunters, hurrylntr this way and
that way in the wild scramble for good
business locations.
Frost Settles on the Camp.
An apathy seems to have settled upon
the camp, and about the only places that
give any great impression of active Ufa
are the few fortunate saloons and gam
bling halls that still manage to hold their
patrorage. The long: expected rain ha.=»
been falling for some days past, but it has
been productive of nothing but mud. The
gold which was expected to come in from
the creeks is all in the care of receivers
appointed by the court, and not a color of
it gets into circulation in the camp. The
feeling here is one of depression and un
certainty. A number of sood discoveries
have been reported, but as yet the only
evidence we ha've had of their riches is
the reports.
One of the hardest blows that has struck
the prosperity of the country has v come
from the litigation that has been started
here. I know of several cases where good
finds have been made and the holes filled
up and concealed. The discoverers would
not report their luck for fear they wpuld
be bunkoed out of it.
Several cases of pneumonia and typhoid
have been reported/but the only death
mat has occurred lately Is that of Beatty,
which I spoke of in a previous letter. The
indications, are that Nome, which is soon
to be incorporated, will have a winter
population of 5C0O or 6000.
THAT BOUNDARY I.I1XE.
Russian Demarkation Point.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Haines' Storekeeper Talks of tha
VICTORIA. B. C. Aug:. 25,-The steamer
Danube to-night brought a report show
ing where the Russian boundary was
malntainned on the Dalton trail. It in
dicates that the line was much further to
the north than the present line. S. Weltz
mann, a storekeeper of Halncs. who same
out. said In an interview:
"The present provisional boundary runs
only four miles from tide water, which
backs up the Chilkat River. The bounda
ry in Russian days was at the summit of
the trail far back. The Russians kept
their soldiers stationed at that summit.
This I got this year from some of tha
oldest Indians living on the Haines and
Kluckwan. who were there in the time
of the Russians. They remember well tha
Russians, and at tfmes had trouble with
the Czar's people, which they also re
member.
"This summit, at which the Russian
soldiers were, is the place that should
mark the boundary to-day between the
United States and Canada. Sixteen miles
back from the Kluckwan are old huts or
cabins in which the Russian lived. Other
evidence of Russians in the district still
remain. At Lucicwan is a Russian grave
yard, and over the graves wooden memo
rial pieces bearing words In the Russian
Anvil King Lindeberg Ships Some of His
Yellow Nuggets— Big Strike on
Bluestone River.
ONE MILLION IN GOLD
FROM CREEKS OF NOME
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SAN FRANCISCO, MONDAY, AUGUST 27, 1900.
VOLUME LXXXVin-NO. 88.
ONE OF THE BARRICADES IN THE STREETS OF TIENTSIN WHICH WAS GALLANTLY CARRIED BY
THE FRENCH MARINES DURING THE RECENT FIGHTING. £
The San Francisco Call
PEKING, Aug.W (via Taku, Aug. 24). — Armed Chinese are reported to the southward and westward. A well-intrenched force has been located by the Bengal Lancers in
a village four miles to the southwest, ft is believed that the best Chinese leaders are in command. Detachments of /the allied forces j were out to-day reconnoitering and
looting. The imperial city and the forbidden city are under close guard by the international authorities.
SUMMARY OF^ THE SITUATION IN CHINA.
33"ot without more fighting will the Chinese forces abandon the field to the allies now holding
Peking. Advices from the Chinese capital dated last Sunday represent the Chinese soldiers as in
trenched only four miles southwest of the city.
From Taku, by way of Tokio, comes an official Japanese dispatch saying that the Russian and
Japanese cavalry were expected to meet the foe on Monday.
Hepeated reports of the capture of the Emperor are not confirmed by the Japanese commander,
\rfring from Peking on August 18.
Washington regards with skepticism the report of the Russian-German-Japanese alliance to make
•war upon China.
The general political outlook in China is, however, regarded by the administration as serious.the Shanghai correspondent of the Stand
ard, "while under heavy tire in the, recent*
fight at Tientsin. Captain Gaussen stopped
and picked up an 'American trooper, lifted
him into the saddle and rode off In
safety. - . . .. .• - ¦....:
¦ . ¦ • . ¦ ¦ ¦¦'-. •
REPLIES RECEIVED TO
NOTES OF EMBASSADORS
BRAVERY- DISPLAYED
' ; BY ; CAPTAI3ST :_GAUSSEN
LONDON, Aug. 27, 4:20 a. m.—"Con
splcuoua gallantry was displayed by Cap
tain Gaussen of the Bengal cavalry," says
PEKING. Aug. 19 (via Taku, Aug. 24).—
This morning a thanksgiving service was
attended by the members of the British
and American legations, the. missionaries
and the marines. ¦
THANKSGIVING DAY OF
RELIEVED LEGATIONERS
Amoy, where order is maintained in spite
of the great excitement. .
. LEAVENWORTH. Kans., Aug. M.— Tho
second battalion of the First Infantry,
which- arrived <ten day»"aeo from Cuba
has started from Fort Leavenworth for
San Francisco. 'and,* it, is expected.- wilt
take a steamer for the Orient within" six
INFANTRYELEN BOUND
/ F0R_THE FAR EAST
indicate the nature of the representations
made^by our representatives to the for
eign Governments, or to say whether the
replies thereto are satisfactory or not
EMPORIA, Kas., Aug. 26.— Lieutenant
"William "Weaver of the Thirty-second
United States Volunteer Infantry, who re
signed in the spring on account of illness
and has just returned home from the
Philippines, tells of barbarities practiced by
Filipinos upon American soldiers. He said
that outside of the Macabebes, who are
friendly to the Americans, the Filipinos
are very cruel. "Six men were killed; at
Dinalupijahn." said Lieutenant Weaver,
and I do not think there was a man
that had fewer than ten bullet holes in
his body.
"In the case, of one American 'soldier
It looked as though the muzzle of the re
volver had been placed right in his eye
and nred. He was also stabbed In the
neck and breast with bayonets. , Here is
another sample of cruelty. Harry Easter
of Emporia anel . McDonald of Iowa, two
of my company, were 'killed instantly.
Harry- Easter was shot in the neck and
the other fellow was shot in the back of
the head. . Only about twenty of the com
pany were -with them and they were at
tacked by. about 250 Filipinos. •
¦ -"The •Americans fought them an hour
and forty-five minutes. They had to
leave the dead ; and when they came back
the rebels had stripped the boys of all
their clothing They pulled up grass and
w^/\ n^K bu L U a / ir / on their breasts
\Ve got to the boys before anything furth
?H i Wa£ k don^ \? them " We K0t Easter and
bur *il^ r W away bef ore the >' were
Living Frequently Subjected to Tortures and Dead Bodies Frightfully
Mutilated and Burned.
AMERICAN SOLDIERS BRUTALLY
TREATED BY THE FILIPINOS
OPENING SERVICE OF THE GRAND
ARMY ENCAMPMENT AT CHICAGO
VANCOUVER. B. C, Aug. 26.— That
Great Britain is prepared for war 'is «\1
<Jent even in this far off quaf Ler of the
•worfC Increased activity and watchful
nes* at the navy yard and forts at Es-
CJirnault and Victoria, the coming and
GUT? AT BRITAIN IS
PREPARED FOE. WAR
Eooclal Dle&atcb to The Call.
Whether, in the event of a declaration
of war by ore or more powers against
China. an invitation would be extended to
the United States to retire from China,
as Intimated In the dispatch from Chefu,
is open to doubt, and it is decidedly prob
lematic whether the Invitation would *e
accepted even if it were tendered. The
United States forces are in China pro
tecting the personal and property rights
of citizens of this country and, in addi
tion, the treaty rights of the United
States. Under the most favored nation
clause this country has certain specific
rights in China, and It Is said on author
ity to be the purpose of the United States
to protect and preserve these rights. The
attitude this Government would assume
in the event of a declaration of war by
another power would depend. It can be
stated upon immediate circumstances
eurrounding the declaration and the situ
ation.In China at the time the declaration
¦was made. In any event, it can be saJd
to be no part of the purpose of the United
States to sacrinc© any of Its guaranteed
rights or privileges In the Chinese
empire.
In carrying out her second object Rus
sia has seized Nincbawnff. This >as
done to obtain a base of operations from
which the frontier could easily be
reached, precisely as Taku was seized as
a base of operations by the allies in their
operations ajrainst Peking.
It Is pointed cut further that Russia
has two objects; !n her present operations
in China— the rescue and protection of
the foreign legationers c-id the protection
of Iht menaced frontier. The avowed ob
ject of the other power* l« simply th*
rescue and protection' of the leg-atloners
and the other foreign subjects.
The nnderstandlns among Washington
ofSdalfl of Russia's jtetioii is that the
empire ha* declared fix- thr^e provinces
on its southeastern frontier in a state of
siego. Thi.s is altogether different from
a. declaration of mar. It corresponds to
a declaration of miirtia! law by Great
Hrita'n imC to a suspension of the right
of habeas corpus* fcy tho United States. It
is a Mperceszion of civil by military au
thority. It has no effect upon such treaties
as may be in Corbe between the two coun
tries; whereas a declaration of wax or a
declaration that a stuto of war exists
r.-ould annul a.U treaties.
t'nitrd .Sta'-s was at war v.ith the king
dom of Spain tho Spanish Government
had' on the wirwt an identical note to a!I
eovcrr.rcpi-.ts to whirh it had accredited
rcprwvr.'.uUvcs. «otifyIr:B them of the
exiftcnee nf a Flai«' of war between Spain
and the United States.
WAShiN .-iTOiN
[DOUBTS RUMOR
Contlnued From First Page.
In the present political situation I am un
able to discovav any good reason why a Demo
crat favorinff c. stable currency, who refused
to support Dryan in ISM, should support him
now. His prophecies and predictions as a can
diilrte in 1SSS are unfulfilled and the disasters
which he announced as imfe to follow the elec
tion of Mr.McKlnley have failed to material
ize. The platform of 1900 It teems to me is no
wise better than that of 1S96. and in some In
stances la , worse. I regard the continued agi
tation of the IS to 1 fallacy as detrimental to
the best interests of the country, and the at-
OMAHA, Aug. °.d.— Euclid Martin,
for years chairman of the Democratic
State Committee and postmaster duniig
the last term of President Cleveland. Is
stronger in his opposition to Mr. Bryan'*
candidacy this year than he was in ISM.
Four yearst ago Mr. Martin denied . his
support to Bryan because be could not
assent to the. financial legislation prom
ised *y the Chicago platform. This year
he finds the same objection to the Kan
sas City platform, and in addition ob
serves other reasons for making the de
feat , of the Democratic candidate desir
able. He says:
Submits a Few Observations.
Special Dlsratch to The Call.
Nebraska's Democratic Chairman
BRYA2T A FALSE PROPHET.
"The war with Spain was not the Presi
dent's seeking:, but he has met the Issues
with exalted courage. He displayed qual
ities of the highest order in diplomacy
and military affairs he was remarkably
successful.
"He eminently deserves re-election.
"CHARLES DENBY."
"We should not grant the Philippines
immediate independence, because we have
assumed by the treaty obligations to
the world which we must comply with.
We have also assumed obligations to the
friendly Filipinos, and we should not
abandon them to a dreadful fate. We
have promised these pcope a stable gov
ernment, and we ought to give It to
them. We have property interests in ths
Islands which should be protected. It Is
desirable for us to hold a foothold in the
East, so as to foster and Increase
commerce. We believe that association
with us will elevate Filipinos and Im
prove their coftdltion.
< "I am not defending the Repub
lican party in this article, but I am
defending "William McKinley. He
has been subjected to more abuse
than any President was and he has
deserved it less than any one did. In
the most trying period of our history
he has proved himself equal to all de
mands Tipon him. He has acted -with
an eye single to the good of the coun
try.
"Disguise as you may, the real ques
tion before the people Is whether the
armies of the United States should oe
withdrawn at once, now or forever, and
the islands turned over to the Tagals.
Mr. Bryan would, as commander-in-chief.
have the power to recall the armies, and
if he did' he would let loose the horrors of
a terrible revoluWon.
The Heal Question.
ly perceptible. The modern doctrine
seems to be that me may not take any
foreign territory for our own, but that
whenever a republic Is born we must
stand as Its protector. Why shouiu we
become the Don Quixote of the world?
Let us at least be honest, and when we
say that the . Philippines shall be Inde
pendent let us say so meaning what the
word implies. Let us have no entanglins
alliances nor stand sponsor for people
who are alien and whose abiding place Is
remote from our continent.
DEMOCRAT DENBY HRQES
HcKINLEY'S RE-ELECTICN
Continued From First Page.
Mr. Bryan will Ie3.ve Wednesday for
Chicago to witness the sham battle of
the Grand Army on Thursday. He will
lemain in Chicago for several days.
, LINCOLN, Nebr., Aug. 26— Mr. Bryan
returned from Omaha this morning in
time to attend church. He had delivered
eleven addresses besides a number of
brief talks during the week, but did not
seem to regard the experience as in any
sense exceptional.
MADE EUSVEN SPEECHES.
Mr. Bryan has accepted invitations to
talk into graphophones, so that when he
is not present his admirers will be able to
listen to his eloquence by merely turning
the crank of an instrument. Had the
graphophone been used in the last cam
paign Mr. McKInley, as the Republican
candidate from civil life, might have been
willing to do as Mr. Bryan Is doing.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 26.— President Mc-
Kinley has decided that it would be un
d'gnlfled for the President to stump- tho
United States and appeal to the voters to
cast their ballots for his" re-election. He
has also determined that It would .be
highly improper for him to talk Into
graphophones or kindred instruments, and
has so advised prominent persons who
have been pressing him to do so.
Special DisDatch to Tho Call,
STANDS ON HIS DIGNITY.
I have no authority to make a forecast
nf the committee's action, but from what
I have heard, I am pretty certain that
the Populis-ts will be working with all
their energies for Bryan and Stevenson."
WASHINGTON, Aug. 2G. — In
discussing the speech which
Mr. Bryan delivered at Paw
nee, Xcbr., August 22. Secre
tary Gage to-day practically
accused the Democratic can
didate of uttering a deliber
ate untruth. In this speech Mr. Bryan
i»ald: "They (Republicans) say they do
not believs in the ratio of 16 to 1. When
they make that assertion you ask them
why Mr. • McKinley's administration is
coining silver dollars to-day at the ratio
of 10 to'l. In the month of March the
Republican administration coined 4,000,000
dollars at the ratio of 16 to 1, and yet Re
publicans think that the ratio of 16 to 1
is not right."
Secretary Gage was asked whether this
was a correct statement on the part of
Mr. Bryan. The Secretary replied:
"The statement is Bryanesque in form
and substance. It is the statement of a
truth so put as to lead his hearers to false
conclusions. To conceal part of the truth
In order to mislead is equivalent in all its
moral qualities to a deliberate untruth.
Only ignorance of suppressed truth can
absolve a man who so practices upon his
hearers from the charge of duplicity.
"While it is true that we were coining
silver dollars at the ratio of 16 to 1 every
working day in the year, we are coining
silver bullion of the Government for the
Government account, and not for the silver
owner and for his account. Mr. Bryan in
effect says: 'President McKinley's ad
ministration is coining silver dollars at
the ratio of 16 to 1.'
"This Is true; therefore, his premise is
correct. And having asserted something
"Friction is out of the question," he
said. "Everything will run so smoothly
that you would .not believe an important
political question was being passed on. ;
Chairman Butler arrived in Chicago to
day and found in waiting a number of his
fellow commltteemen. lie was in con
ference with his associates during the
greater part of the evening- The friends
of Mr. Stevenson, it is understood,
brought every argument to bear on the
Senator in favor nf a speedy and decisive
meeting. While Senator Butler would not
discuss the meeting, Eugene Smith,, sec
retary of the conference committee and
the official in charge or the Chicago head
quarters, was not so reticent.
• CHICAGO, Aug. 2G.— Unless the unex
pected happens, Adlal E. Stevenson to
morrow will be substituted for Charles A.
Towne. as the Vice Presidential nominee
on the Populist ticket. A poll of the
National Committee of that "party was
taken to-night and. the Illinois man was
seemingly assured a comfortable majori
ty. The Populists who are advocating
unity with the Democrats predict that the
selection of Mr. Stevenson to be Mr. Bry
an's running mate on both tickets will
be unanimous, though Senator Marion
Butler, chairman of the committee, and
several others have declared themselves
as unalterably opposed to such action.
SUBSTITUTE FOR TOWNE.
which Is true he expects hia hearers to
conclude In their minus that the Hepubll
ean party Is engaged in a practice for
wJiich he contends and it condemns, and
that thus his contention of true ratio be
tween silver and gold is approved, his po
litical enemies themselves confirming his
position."
Special Dispatch to The Call.
3II C S DE3IOCRACY— What's the difference in your lemonad:, Bud?
BRYAN— Not Iiin*. 'ccpt the dog fcil n this one. —Denver Times.
CHICAGO, Aug. 26.—Despite a cold,
drizzling rain the grand patriotic and sa-
cred song service at the Coliseum to-night
was attended by a throng that taxed to
the utmost the capacity of the immense
building. For an hour before the exer-
cises began, at S o'clock, the sidewalk on
Wabash avenue was impassable for a
block in both directions. A large detach-
ment of police had their hands full in
handling the crowd. The jam was terrific,
and although none was injured many
gowns and coats were wrecked. It is csti-
mated that fully 15,000 people were packed
into the hall. Thousands more were un-
able to gain admission.
Bishop Samuel Fallows of Chicago,
chairman of the encampment committee
on religious exercises, presided. On the
platform with him were Mayor Harrison,
Commander in Chief Shaw, Rev. Thomas
£-^| off "f SfM }£%*{ General Daniel E.
S^^^ggSSSaSSSSSS^
Grand Army of the Republic, as well as
the local officials'In charge of Chicago's
cnd of the encampment.
th After a musical selection by-the band
9SSSSS^SSS^IS^&SSSE&
Chicago. Then Bishop * allows extended
an eloquent welcome to the visiting veter
ans. A responsive reading was led by
,!L e '£ n J I: *>• Severinghaus of Chicago^ Bish
0^^^^
upon "True Patriotism."
Rev. E. G. Hlrsch delivered a patriotic
,^,dres^ "mV He X- J- D> Wallace Pr0"
Tu^nVflfe aTteJnoon" service f orchil
dren was given at the Coliseum, attended
New Coliseum Crowded to the Doors and Thousands Unable to Gain Admission Stand
• Outside in a 'Drizzling Rain.
by fully 10,000 peo-le. Addresses were
made by Commander in Chief Shaw and
Bishop Fallows.
Veterans and visitors to the encamp
ment came in by the thousands to-day
Miss Clara Barton, head of the Red
Cross Society of the United States ar
rived to-day, accompanied by Mrs. Allen
S. Mussey of Washington, vice president,
ana by other officials of. the organization
Unless the unexpected happens it is
probable that Major Leo Rausseur of St
Louis Will bo elected commander in chief
at tiie husiness session Wednesday Gen
eral John C. Black of Illinois, although
he had made no canvass, had developed
o? n tho e w bl ? stren *} h L among- the veterans
of the \\estern and Northwestern States
has declined to be a candidate. This ap
parently leaves a clear field for Major
Rausseur for no other name bu sc far
been mentioned. Indications point to hlh
unanimous election. n -
' LONDON, Aug.", 27, 4:20 'a,.m'.— t.t : Hung
Chang, according to a Shanghai dispatch
dated yesterday, has once morepostponed
his departure, for the north. The Japa
nese, have landed more bluejackets at
LI POSTPONES HIS
JOURNEY TO THE NORTH
ST. PETERSBURG. Aug. 26.— General
Grodckoff, commander of the Amur Gov
ernment/ reports under date of August 24
that Kam Nl and Tcha Tchan have been
occupied by the Russians. The Chines©
sent an emissary to General Rennekampf
proposing a suspension of operations, but
the Russian general replied that he was
unable to cease hostilities.
•• ¦¦ ¦
RUSSIANS REFUSE TO
CEASE HOSTILITIES
CHICAGO. Aug. £6.— A local packing
company has received an order from tho
Russian Government for 6,000,000 pounds
of "beef on the hoof," to feed the soldiers
of the Czar in China. This is the largest
order of the kind in the history of the
Chicago meat trade. Options are said to
have been taken upon every available
ship in the carrying trade on the Pacific.
It will tako 5000 fatted cattle to nil the
order. The cattle will be sent from San
Krancisco via Hawaii and Japan.
AMERICAN BEEF TO
FEED CZAR'S TROOPS
CLEVELAND, Aug. 2C— The Rev. Dr.
A. B. Leonard, corresponding secretary
of the foreign missionary board of the
Methodist Episcopal church, who is visit
ing in this city, has received a cable mes
sage from Minister Conger and three mis
sionaries in Ppking saying the native
Christians in North China had survived
the attacks upon them, but were homeless
and destitute. The cablegram said that
all the Methodist missionaries were safe,
though all the mission property is de
stroyed save that at Tientsin.
¦.'.'.'¦ m
TJiis declaration ths«t a famine Is im
minent, in consequence of the inadequacy
of provisions for the hordes of refugees
at Tientsin, adds a new element of penW
to the situation. ' -
MANY CHKISTIAUS
IN CHINA DESTITUTE
LONDON. Aug. 27. 4:20 a. m.— General
Dorward. in his report of the engagement
outside of Tientsin August 19. when tho
Americans, British and Japanese signally
defeated a large force of Boxers, killing }
over ?/«». savs in a dispatch dated Au- '
Kust 25: . ;
'•The lines of communication near Tien- \
t.sin are now free from danger. The en
emy had been treatins the villagers badly. !
Several decapitated bodies were found j
near their camp. The villagers are now
flocking to Tientsin at the rate of about
a thousand a day. As there is not mere
than a month's food supply, there is every I
prospect of a famine shortly." " [
GRAVE DANGEK OF A
FAMINE IN TIENTSIN
going of naval contingents and the un- j
usual receipts and shipnaents of muni- j
tions of war are not the only signs that !
she is ready for the expected or the un- I
expected. The steamers of the subsi- j
dized Empress Line are prepared to be j
converted In a few hours into vessels of . i
war. either for defensive or offensive pur
poses. Heretofore armaments and am
munition have been kept at Hongkong •
r.nd Victoria to lit out these vessels j
whenever occasion should arise, but now j
down in the hold of each one, along with j
spare shafts and propellers. Is a full ar- |
mament of*- quick-firing guns of all sizes,
from 4.7 inch down, with ample supplies '
of ammunition for them. A couple of I
extra officers of the Royal Xavy go and i
come on each voyage, and a noticeable {
number of able seamen have been added J
to their complements. An Empress liner !
may at any time leave Victoria as a |
plain passenger and freight steamer and
turn u',j on the otn«r side ready for war.
Etfsmship ?iom Alaska Arrives at
S-attle With S2.OOO.OOO.
SKAT; LK. \V«:h.. Aug. ;*;.— The steam
:0i:ji Ohio nrriv«»d from Nome to-day with
?'ll passeagrer* and treasure estimated at
S2.O93.tttt. About one-th!nl of the srold
<:::¦,.¦ f •-¦ rin Xnir.e The Klondike enntrib
uie.i the ba1»« •¦ «»
TREASURE ON THE OHIO.
The steamer Albion left yesterday for
an island in the lower waters of the Arc
tic ocean to rescue tliree castaways, one
of whom :*= Count -,\u Pare of Paris. The
tr.en had attempted to reach Siberia in a
small Bchooner; but the high winds pre
vented and the little craft was driven far
off !:<-r course nnd into the Arctic.
Nevr Strike.
NOME. Aujr. 17 <via Seattle. Aug. 25).—
I-r.:o n:ining development* have been of
very satisfactory nature. No doubt now
remains of the genuineness of the Koug
ro |c strilif. Harris and Quartz creeks in
that country are rich, and the former
Ffaowx from Zj cents to 51 50 to the pan.
Ortpcn Creek nnd Its tributary, Hungry
Or.-ck. in the Granite district, have de
vteloped unexpected richness and a very
vride expanse of pay gravel.
Coming nearer home, attention .is just
now centering on Hastings Creek, eight
rnile? cast nf Nome. There prospector?
have uncovered a gravei bed fifteen feet
in tt.iekr.ess arid of unknown breadth, ex
tending from the gulch away up into the
hillsides. Wherover prospected it has
been found to carry gold in paying quan
titi<>F. ProfpoctorF believe that in it they
!:av.' roiMv.1 tl-,e "ancient channel." Al
rraOy several pumping plants have been
E< t ii'i on the creek.
Ifo Doubt of the Genuineness of the
KOTJGHOCX PLACERS.
u Anaons orher !hinrr.<= at Kluckwan still
in evirfcre* 1 «rc the cannons left there by
the Rusnanp."
language. The graves? of Russians are
oninon there.
The Brownlow organization was the
one recognized for the most part at Phil
adelphia. It is thought to be the chief
aim of Senator Hanna to get but one set
of electors in the field. -,
CHATTANOOGA. Tenn., Aug. 26.-The
Times will print the following dispatch
from Cleveland, Tenn.: Chairman Tipton
of the Evans State Committee was asked
to-day what effect Hark Hanna's letter
would have. He replied that It would
have the same effect as shaking a red
rag in the face of an angry bull, and con
tinued:
We do not recognize Mr. Hanna as our boas
and we wear no man's collar. Our committee
meets next Tuesday to organize for the tight.
ana if there are any members on it who do not
want to fight, they will he asked to step behind
a tree and let the battle proceed. The light
will proceed unless the committee are bigger
cowards than I think they are. It would be
ridiculous Tor the majority to surrender to a
minority. Ours is the regular ticket and if
Hanna does not know it, it is because he has
refused to investigate or listen to any one
but Brownlow. There certainly will be no
compromise, unless Hanna agrees to hear our
side of the case and give us a. fair trial.
Bequests That the Organization Rec
ognized by National Com
mittee Ba Upheld.
KXOXVILLE. Tenn., Aug. 26.— A dis
patch to the Journal and Tribune from
Washington says: Senator M. A. Hanna
has decided to take a hand In the Ten
nessee Republican fight between the
Brownlow and the H. Clay Evans factions
and settle It. In a letter written to A. J.
Tyler of Washington, Senator Hanna
says:
The National Committee has deemed it ad
visable to say that we expect to sustain the or
ganization which was recojoitzerf by the Na
tional Commute at Philadelphia. We cannot
ree where any good can result from such an
Independent movement, and sincerely trust that
no loyal Republican will lend his Influence to
the movement.
HANNA TAKES A HAND
IN TENNESSEE POLITICS
Suicide of Margaret Minnehan, a Pas
senger From France on the
1'Aquitaine.
NEW YORK, Aug. 26.— On the French
liner l'Aquitaine, which arrived hero to
day from Havre, Margaret Mlnnehan, a
former nun, committed suicide by jump-
Ing overboard on August 23. The woman
was picked up. but too late.
A Roman Catholic priest among the pas
sengers performed a burial service. It
was stated that the deceased was a nun
In a Roman Catholic institution In France
and was dismissed.
FORMER NUN JUMPS
FROM AN OCEAN STEAMER
WilHam and Henry Happ, brothers and
whita, were arrested and locked up on
complaint of Adams Johnson, colored.
win. :--a!d they had stoned him.
Officer John J. Cleary placed under ar
rrs; William Hopson. a colored man, for
"being s-a.-ipy" i:n<1 started for the station
thn.ugh West Siitleth street. At a point
called "Cuckoo rc.v>," where colored peo
ple live by the hundred, half a dozen ne
!rr«'os attempted Hopson's release. Cleary
used i-.ir club and then drew his revolver.
By threatening to t-hc-ot the first man to
move he hcid the mob at bay until other
poiiceasen came to his r.id. They arrested
0«OtSS Meyer, also colored, "who had
started th«? trouble. Meyer resisted ar
rtst and has n fractured skuIL
At J:2i> p. m. Jweph Diyle. iS years old,
took .Ilia stand at rifty-nimh street and
Eleventh avenue ;;nd he succeeded in in-
Blctinc scalp trootula on two colored men.
P^ltsrijr them with stones. He was ar
rested.
At 9S0 o'clock 5n the morning a crowd
of whites, led by Frank McPhitcf. demol
ish..! tho windows in a tare-story tene
ra^:it in Sixtieth street occupied by ne
frr< .-s. ana rrac;-.«] a .icad or two. Mc
i^iste and Bixl'itr man wore arrested.
The shooting tr&fl done on Sixty-second
street, anfl becoming noised about, the
ro::ph white clement began to search out
negroes. James Arnold, a negro. 2S years
<;Id, of 22S West .txiy-forrth street, v.-hile
on his way home at 4 j'clock this morn
ing, was sot upen by a crowd of -white
men and beaten. A policeman rescued
him. Arnold was then escorted to his
hemc. Ton minutes later Alexander Val
«-nti:ie, a negro, <;f 21S West Sixty-second
street, was assaulted by a crowd of white
men at fcixty-pc-cotiu street and Amster
dam avenue.- Again a policeman inter
tercd, but there were no arrests. Val
entine was taken lo ltocsevelt Hospital,
where his wound.* were attended to and
be was ti:?n ia!;^:i home by a policeman.
NEW YORK. Augr. 23.— A number of in
cipient race riots broke out here to-day
ihe direct cause being the shooting on
Saturday iright of John Brennan, a
white messenger boy, by John Davis, a
:iegro. lirennan was one of a crowd of
whites who taunted Davia. He is in a
hospital and Hkcly to die.
DALLAS. Tex., Aug. 26.— Crime ran
rampant here to-day. John Bonner and
Clement Lrfinjr emptied their pistols at
each other, and James Daniels, a disinter
ested bystander, was mortally wounded.
James Boston stabbed Jennie Lepaw In
the eye, destroying the sight. Cause,
jealousy.
John Thrafher struck a small' boy, and
the latter's brother stabbed Thrasher, in
nirtlng a fatal wound.
Qua Uoebel. a saloonkeeper, committed
suicide by shooting.
of Dallas.
CRIME RUNS RAMPANT.
Scenes of Violence Occurs in the City
Funeral services were held this after
noon over the remains of little Rhoda
Davidson, who was shot while in her
mother's arms. The 'crvlces were attend
ed by a large crowd, who filled the house
end lawn. Much feeling was expressed,
but there was no excitement or inflam
matory utterances.
AXCRON. Ohio. Aug. 26.— Sunday passed
peacefully in Akron, and unless some
thing unforeseen turns up the original
plan of dispensing with the services of
the militia on Monday morning will De
lived up to.
No Trouble Occurs.
QTJTET AT AKRON.
Militia to Be Withdrawn To-Day if
THROAT IS CUT.
Colored Man Slashed Railroad Kan
With His Bazor.
ST. JOSEPH. Mo., Aug. 26.— An un
known colored boy probably fatally slash
ed Angus Morrison, superintendent of
bridges for the Chicago &¦ Great Western
Railway to-night, as he was hurrying to
catch a train. Morrison's throat was cut,
probably with a razor. Morrison can give
no reason for the assault unless it is be
cause he accidentally brushed against the
negro.
The police force is unusually alert to
night and prepared 'to cope with, any se
rious trouble should it bretrtc out.
OVHRHEARD AT THE CIRC]JS.
ACCUSES BRYAN OF NOT
SPEAKING THE TRUTH
JEFFRIES EAGER TO
FIGHT FITZ AT CARSON
NEW YORK, Aupr. 26.— Another match
between Jeffries and Fitzsimmons for the
heavyweight championship of the world
is now assured. The contest will take
place within six months. Jeffries, through
his manager, William Brady, announced
to-night he had decided to cover Fitz
simmens' forfeit of $2300 and give Lanky
Bob another chance. Brady will meet
Fitzsimmons to-morrov, 1 , when articles of
agreement for a battle will be drawn up.
Brady explained that a match between
the champion and Fitzsimmons for Fri
day night is out of the question. "Jef
fries." said Brady, "Is not in training and
therefore could not do himself justice
were he to fl^ht Friday night, the date
named by Fits. Three weeks ago the
champion offered to meet Fltzslmmona
in a bout on Friday night, but the Austra
lian declined the issue, saying his fight
with Sharkey would be his last appear
ance In the ring. Taking Fitzsimmons
at his word, Jeffries, who had been do
ing little trair.lnsr. quit work and is now
in no shape to defend his title. Jeffries,
however, is willing to nght Fitzsimmons
as soon as he can get into shape and
cancel several theatrical engagements he
has contracted for.
"Within six months the champion can
prepare himself thoroughly for a battle.
if Fitzsimmons is reasonable when we
j confer to-morrow, articles of agreement
i fora fisht will surely be signed. We will
I '-Bit anywhere. Carson City 13 favored
| tv _, Fitzsimmons and will suit us."
, Corbett. who is training at Bath Beach
I for his battle with "Kid" McCoy at Madi-
I fon square Garden on Thursday night.
j announced to-day his willingness to ar
range a match with Fitzslmmong or Jef
• , i 3 ' J' ir }, or lose w ith McCoy, the bout
| L° If be T gelded Friday night. Corbett said:
" Jeffries refuses to fight Fitzslmmons
I Friday nisht I win take the champion's
P ? I Fitzsimmons refuses to meet
me on that night I will take on Jeffries."
i.eo Mayer and several other prominent
?J?S ™S,? len vlsi , te<l Corbett at his train
ins Quarters to-day. Mayer, who Just
arrived from Saratoga, where h« watch^
McCoy exercise, reports "Kid" in thjf
shape Mayor told Corbett that McCoy
fry to h win a qufc°^? tO force fl » htIn^ and
After listening attentively to Maver
Corbett said: -That is exactly the wly
1 I expect McCoy to battle. He will have
to win quickly or not at all I will let
; him cut out the pace for six or eiffht
; rounds and when I pet him tired I will
; quickly put on the finishing touches "
Corbett looks well ar<1 says, he to feel
l \ng fine. He weighs 190 pounds
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Manager Brady Arranges a Conference With
the Australian, Who Wii Probably
Accept the Proifered Terms.
Shooting of a Messenger Boy Incites Rough
Element of New York to Deeds of
Brutal Reprisal*
WHITES AGAIN WAR
FIERCELY ON NEGROES
THE SAX FRAXCISCO CALL, MONDAY, AUGUST .27, 1900.
, Lord Roberts is handling a force .which
is far more numerous than any, that Brit
ish generals have commanded until now.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 26.— It was stated
to-rilsjht that several' replies had been re
ceived by the United States to the ! notes
addressed- to' our Embassadors and Min
isters abroad on the Chinese question, "for
their guidance- in obtaining the views of
the Governments to which they were ac
credited on" the settlement of tho Chinese
problem. Officials decline absolutely to
2
RUSSIA, GERMANY
AND JAPAN HAVE
NOT DECLARED WAR
WASHINGTON. Aug. 26.-Russia,
Germany and Japan have not de
clared war on China, either sepa
rately or In concert. This state
ment is made upon authority of the
highest character. What those na
tions may do in the next forty
eJgtit hours or within the next
fortnight is a question which no one
In \\ ashington Is prepared to
answer. A brief dispatch irom
Chefu, conveying a rumor current
there that Russia, Germany and
Japan had joined in a declaration of
war upon China, aroused some in
terested comment among Washing
ton officials and among representa
tives of foreign governments resid
ing here. In neither official nor
diplomatic circles, however, was the
rumor taken seriously.
' Country Houses, Hotels, Plats
and Cottages Furnisii3d
Complete
CREDIT IF DESIRED.
BRILLIANT'S,
. 338-340-342 POST ST.,
Open Evenlncs. Near Pow#n
Free Delivery Within 200 Miles.
I OK. MnYifRS&CO. |
-jigxxIS&k Socialists |
.*fe^2J£*32& DUeases and |
<3E§r~ © We-!kn=«s ot I
$5| A M.-n, Estab- \
\]!i£>,, \ ActXl tution. most w
PJ!'k<{i$i5§V rxtjnsivepr.K- w
?^$$$W tic= " Ccn>u!
Hours, 8 to 5, i
731 A^arKct St.. San Francisco
wi EW© & vSnm> *9 £v CSfc TSs
Avisrf OR. JORDAN'S great i
\mum OF AB&TQHY*
\ iST The L»re^t An itcoical Masetin in tb« \
W t<?*j9-- Wof1<1 - w «"»«•-*»• o» »ny contracted A
i>s tfki? ti-J-i clisca%c pe > '««*»«-lj' cwrort by the oloest V
;$ S&fh C5Lw23iftN-?8iYATE BISSAStS*
3 »(*;iffe{i Co.wiltition tren and strictly private. \
' H A jEsAaT W "• l ' mrn ' personally «r bjr letter. A M
\ f 4 "if V f>M -' :t '» t vr-.ia «v?iy ca^euaJsrtaker. T
! A & ' \ttf-- AittehrBonk.rBILOSUraY*!^
A w ii' "l^ 3^'- *wok t°' aipn; M|
7 DH. SiHZi3:\X £tVO.. JfSl ilarSet St.,8. F *-
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
»t> A UKK.\T RKSTOKAT1VE, iXVlOOIl^-
¦tor and N>rv!ne
Tbe raost waa4«rrol nphrcxl!s!ac acd'S?«tlal
Tome for the Sexual Organs for both sexes.
The Mexican remedy for Disesaes of the Kid.
ney» and UiixM-" 1 . ?*ll!! on its own merits.
NADER. AL.FS * BItCNE. A?-a»s
122 M..rktt -t.. S. for Circular.)
WjJ. T. HES3,
iCTA?.i ..... .... 1 Iv^ttait-xi-^xy.
Tenth FJ.;or. R^im 1015. Claua SpreckeU Bids.
Telcphona Brovn iSt <i
KesHenc^. s;i CttUf^rnia »C be!ow Po^r e m.
San FrancUco. T
DR. CBDSSK \H'3 SPKIF1C MIXTURE
For the cure of COXOKBHOEA. OUIET3.
.STKICTUUKS and anaasois coraplaiau of th<»
Orjana of Generation.
i-rict? Jl a U:ttle. For «al« by drusxtsU.
ADVERTISEMENTS.FINDING OF TREASURE BY
MINE HOST McCRAY AT OAT
VALLEY FARM.
riches, but with the going of the drum
mers disappeared the magic wand that
transformed his uastry into a mint.
STILL THE QUEST FOR GOLD.
IT Is said that since then the Oat Valley
man makes dally inroads upon his
larder in the hope of striking further
Chapter IV.
Then Mr. McCray fell to with a will.
Everything he bit into yielded yellow
coin. There was gold in the chicken; there
was gold In the pie; there was gold in the
cake. The pile of gold grew and grow,
and soon he had $50 In coin stacked up
beside his plate and the end was not In
sight. All things come to an end, how
ever, and it was so with the genial land
lord's appetite. Whether he could con
tain no more or believed that, like the
goose that laid the golden egg, his viands
would continue to produce an abundance
of coin, is not known, but eventually he
was obliged to desist.
A KLONDIKE.
THEN the bread was broken open. Lo!
and behold! Out dropped a shining
gold piece. The hard substance on
the opposite side of the slice proved
to be another half-eagle.
Chapter HI.
'V 7 "~ """"~~
place. Mine Host McCray. having bitten
Into a slice of bread, struck some hard
substance. He tried the other side of the
piece and came near losing a tooth. Then,
in high dudgeon, he sent for the cook.
"Mary." he commanded, "remove this
bread from the table and bring In some
not studded with brickbats and cobble
stones." 4
Mary protested that the bread was all
right and the guests loudly declared Mr.
McCray was the victim of an hallucina
tion.
ROSEBURG, Or.. Aug. 26.— A runaway
team ran Into the carriage of P. A. Muir
this morning, killing his littl* child in
stantw and seriously Injuring Sim. . Muir.
air. Muir was badly bruised, .
Killed by Buna-way.
TILLAMOOK, Or., Aug. 28.— Fishermen
on the Nehalem River went on a strike
last nlsht demanding 75 cents for large
Salmon 25 cents for silver sides and 10
rents for chums. The strike at Tlllamook
Bay Is still on and there is no Indication
of a settlement^ - -
Fishermen Strike.
WALLACE. Idaho, Aug. 26— The Eure
ka Shingle Company's plant at Harrison
was burned to-day. Tho loss is $15,000; inr
Burance, 15000.
Shingle Mill Burned.
PAJIIS, Aug. 27. 5:20 a. m.— Two aero
nauts who last evening at Vlncennes made
an ascension in the presence of thousands
of spectators had a narrow escape. The
balloon was driven by the wind against
some telegraph wires and took fire from
tho communicated current. The aero
nauts slid down the ropes.
A number of/women and children -were
slightly hurt in the panic that followed.
Wires and Takes Fire From
Communicated Current.'
Balloon Is Driven Against Telegraph
NARROW ESCAPE OF
fWO AERONAUTS
BERLIN, Aug. 26.— The most striking
feature of the money market last week
was the decline in money rates imme
diately, before the beginning of a monthly
settlement. > Private discount fell 3',i and
call money to 2"s. - ¦ •¦ ¦ M
The Bourse failed to respond to favora
ble factors. The bears made a successful
onslaught- upon industrials, particularly
coal shares. On Wednesday many of the
standard coal and iron shares scored the
lowest quotations for a twelvemonth.
The July reports of the great coal com
panies showed largely increased earnings.
American railways were in good demand
at the end of the week. ¦• Cable advices for
the week representing increased consump
tion of Iron- commodities in the United
States awaken hope here that the Ger
man market will thereby be relieved.
IX»NDON. Aug. 2«.— Tho : Stock . Ex
change dealings continue so small that
the amount of business done from day
MONEY RATES DECLINE.
Surrounds a Hospital Conducted by
Her, but Is Dispersed by Shots
From a Window.
GILL.MAN. 111., Aug. 26.— Michael Ryan
accompanied Constable John Millgood to
night to serve a warrant for malpractice
on Mrs. Dr. C. M. Wright and was fatally
shot by an unknown Inmate of the
woman's hospital. The victim of the al
leged malpractice was a 16-year-old girl
named Dessie Salter.
The town is in a fever of excitement; a
mob surrounded the house of Mrs. Wright
and threatened to tire it. The inmates
have not yet been arrested. The death of
Dessie Salter occurred Friday. The body
was taken to her home during Friday
night and was buried secretly in the ceme
tery Saturday by relatives.
As soon as the fact became known a
Coroner's .1ury was summoned and the
Coroner ordered tho body exhumed. >
A warrant was sworn out for the arrest
of Mrs. Wright and a crowd of men went
with the constable to serve it. They
knocked on the door, got no response and
"forced their way in. Then some one
nrc<1 out of the house. Ryan fell mortally
wounded and the crowd retreated, carry
ing him. As they departed three more
shots were fired at them. Dennis Carr
was shot In the leg.
The crowd set fire to an outbuilding of
the hospital, but owing to the dampness
the flamos failed to reach the main struc
ture. After the failure the majority of
the crowd dispersed.
MOB THREATENS LIFE
OF A WOMAN DOCTOR
Essagin while riding on horseback Jolted
against the mule of a Morocco priest. A
dispute ensued, during which Essagin. in
self-defense, drew his revolver and fired,
wounding a native. This was the signal
for a general attack upon the American,
who received dozens of knife wounds and
whose body was burned, according to
some accounts, before life was extinct.
TANGIER, Morocco. Aug. 25.— A United
States warship has arrived here to sup
port the claim arising out of the murder
last June of Marcos Essagln, a natural
ized American citizen, who wa: the man
ager of a French llrm.
United States Warship Arrives at
Tangier to Press the Claim
for the Murder of an
INDEMNITY FOR
DEATH OF ESSA6IN
NEW YORK. Aug. 26.— Dr. Ernest
Schmidt, for thirty years head of the
consulting staff of the Alexlan Brothers'
Hospital, died here to-day of Brlghfs dis
ease. '
Dr. Eraest Schmidt.
PUEBLO, Colo., Aug. 26.— A telegram re
ceived to-day at the head office of the
Bullen Bridge Company, In Pueblo, states
that Charles A. Bullen, vice president of
that company, died of heart disease at
Glcndive, Mont., at 8 o'clock this morn-
Ing. He waa was one of the best-known
bridge constructors in the West, and did
considerable work in Alaska about a year
ago. He waa born in Leavenworth, Kan. r
forty-one years ago, and came to Trini
dad. Colo., In 1RSS. From 1890 to 1SD1 he
residedMn Pueblo, and for the last few
years has made his home at Portland, Or,
where he leaves a widow and four chil
dren.
diaries A. Bullen.
THE DAY'S DEAD
DETROIT. Aug. 26.— A myriad of incan
descent lights stretched for blocks across
Woodward avenue beamed welcome to
nipht to the Incoming Pythian Knights.
Long lines of small American flags Inter
spersed with Knights of Pythias banners
and suspended above the glittering rows
of lights trjve Hie and payety to the scene.
The air resounded with music of the
bands accompanying the companies, regi
ments and brigades of the uniformed
Pythians who <-sime In during the day. Af
fairs were in full headway at camp, where
arrangement? '.sad been perfected by the
local executive committee for serving
meals to £000 persons.
Religious services were held this evening
In the Central Methodist Church, with a
sermon by Chaplain in Chief E. G. San
derson. At the camp grounds there were
concerts by the various bands.
The first formal exercises of the biennial
gathering will be held to-morrow evening.
City Aglow With Electric Lights 'and
a Hearty Reception Is Ac
corded to Visiting
DETROIT WELCOMES
PYTHIAN KNIGHTS
SACRAMENTO, Aug. 26.— A telephone message received from P. G. Rlehl, the
Freeport merchant, at 10 o'clock to-nlghf Is to the effect that a big fire Is raging
in Rio Vista. Solano County. The fire started in the lumber yard of Sullivan &
Larson, which was destroyed. The wires are down and details cannot be had.
Lumber Yard Is Destroyed a,nd
jfi.ll W^ires to the Place
.A.re Down.
BIG FIRE IS RAGING IN
THE CITY OF RIO VISTA
to day Is hardly sufficient in some depart
ments to yield quotations.
Consols dropped nearly a point last
¦week; due, it is said, to selling by the
unions to provide strike funds, but home
rails, owing- to bear realizations, closed
above the lowest. Americans have been
left alone, scarcely any business being
recorded.
—p
Fighting in Colombia.
i F
a
KlKGSMp, Jamaica, iug. 26v— Mail ad
lf 's froti.^f r 'jlon, Colorniau report fight
"-S near Gsrthegena, •woere the rebels
ave be«n holding out In tfce hope of jzraln
g Borne voice In the government from
» tew Conservative party.
IN MEMO BY OF HTJMBEBT.
; *-t£Jians Hold Services at Charleston
and Kansas City.
( HABLESTOX. S. C. Aug. 25.— Italians
'¦'¦ '¦¦'¦ a memorial rneetin;- for the late
Dug Humbert here to-dsy, and subse
pcstljr high pontifical miss was cele
fatea" at the ratheCral by bishop North
; r r The addresses of the dtv were deliv-
o r<^ by the Italian Consul and city of
\ Kansas CTTT. Aug. 26.— Three thou
l&i Italians to-day paid a fitting tribute
*the memory of th<» late Kin? Humbert.
¦** f r a procession thrc^Ph th» principal
'r-i--.fi "services were fc^d and addresses
r .v;rcd by Italian Vide Consul Jerome
'G':'i and local city officials.
-rd aSfcerts Meets Sir Ecdvers Bul
!er and Generals French and
Pcle-Caretv at Belfast.
'APE TOWN, A,e. 25.— Lord Roberts
Tivco" yesterday at Belfast, a few miles
ffst of Maehadodorr . where he met Sir
•• 'h-ers Buller. General French and
if.reral Pole-Carfw. Everything is now
1 readiness for the ao.ance.
fRITiSH TROOPS ARE
NOW READY TO ADVANCE
t-rks to Confer With the Other Pow
(' crs Relative to the Best Mode
to Pursu".
VTEICJCAJ Aug. 26.— The Politische Cor
•Spbnde&z asserts that the French Gov
rnmest has expressed Its readiness to ln
r r'harge opinions with the powers rc
srding more stringent measures against
ewehists. believing the present means of
':'re<.cjr>n «re inadequate.
Tn<r Hungarian Government has ordered
search fi.r a number of anarchists,
-•• rteforiptlons are given.
This action is believed to be due to the
•Ulan Government's statement that
*>nty anarchists havr r'-epntly left the
'rited States to assassinate European
vcreignF. _
fRANCE IS ANXIOUS TO
; SUPPRESS ANARCHISTS
lakes a Splendid Hun From New
York to President Boads in
Uaprcpitious Weather.
EOSTON. Av.s. V.— The battleship Ala
ama. arrived :n President Roads this af
*rn«>on Kara New York. She made great
:me undt^:-,rcc<*. draught, averaging bt
wern 10 End 17 knota ior six and a half
rr;secuTlve hours. She wraui in a fop for
hcut friiri'en hours, from 7:30 o'clock
¦~.sl right. Hhe wa« o:T Nantucket when
he fos lifted this morninp. From there
ri-BoMon i-isrht she was again put under
nrced draught, and made excellent time.
iakiTip: the run from Highland J-lght to
oston Ltzfat In two Lours.
The Alabama will co on h<r trial trip
vcr the Capft Ann course on Tuesday
r-ornlng. The ennr" trial board, with th<?
bntt=Ment, Rear Admiral Rodders, wero
'.card the battlo-ship on her run over.
ALABAMA IS READY
FOR HER TRIAL TRIP
-rhree Bicycls Riders Almost Perish
oa the Plains Within Sixty
Kites of Ei Paso.
PASO. T- XJ.S. .v.:c. :>">.— Three men
-^nsost perished from thirst have been
x usd in the desert mar tf.c Cole ranch,
-.sty miles north <^f El Paso. One of the
•.•en is Professor R. J!. Cook, who rccent
r • came to 'this o:ty from the East. The
¦en left Alamo Gordo. N. M.. on bicycles
Thursday. On their route there is a
«5crt of 5nnd miles across.
ifbea the rnen had pone about thirty
ilfs their bicycles broke dr.wn and they
i^.d to iv^'lc. One. of the men reached
. x* Cole ranch, but had to be treated Tor
- vrrci h'furtt before he :ould speak. He
v«='ti tiVld of his eompax ion?. Two men
t ith jups ot water ti<-J to their saddles
rent "back in search of the missing men.
•'ne was found tifte-'n miles away ex
jauFted and unconscious In the sand and
roucht to the ranch. The other. Pro
•ssor Cook, was fo-ind ivrenty tnil^s far
,i«T away In spasms, and vocsld probably
s ave died in an h< >:r had he not received
I a.ter. All the men are now In a criti
aj condition. The tiamcf of the other
¦*¦<> men were n< t learned.
UFFER FROM THIRST
• 4 IN A TEXAS DESERT
Prostrated by Heat.
PITTSBURG. Aug. 25.— Two deaths and
fifteen prostrations from heat were re
corded to-day. The maximum temperature
was 93 degrees.
LARNED. Kans.. Aug. 23.— Hailstones
as large as walnuts fell here for half an
hour last night, beating fruit and leaves
off trees and killing many birds and small
animals. The ground was covered with a>
Bheet of Ice.
DAMAGE BY HAIL.
FORT SCOTT. Kans., Augr. IS.— It is stated
that the railroad now being: built out of St.
Louis and across Missouri, known as the St.
Louis. Kansas City anU Colorado. 13 a Santa
Fe line, which will absorb the charter of th-»
Jefferson City. Fort Scott and Southwestern
Company, and build to Chanute. Kans.. via
this city and connect there with the Santa F*
Southwestern line. This will srive the Santt
Fe the St. Louis connection, which la ha.3 so
Ion; wanted.
BURLINGTON, Iowa, Aur. 26.— Two detect
ives left BurlinRton to-night for some point
East, where it is expected they will arrest men
concerned in the JCO.COO express robhrry. Ab
solutely nothing is known of the point, except,
it Is stated, three are In the gang and will ba
In the bands of the detectives on Monday.
KINGFISHER. Okla.. Aug. 26.— Th- Court
house and several adjoining buildings were de
stroyed by fire here to-day, causing a loss of
J50.COO. All of the Courthouse records, except
those of the County Treasurer, and such of th»
County and District Clerics which were In
fin-proof vaults, were destroyed.
KANSAS CITY. Augr. :«.— Fifteen hundred
people attended the third day's session of th*
annual reunion of Latter-day taints at Wash
ington Park to-day. The assembly wa» com
posed of a union of the schools of Independence,
Mo., while representatives wer<» thera from
other States.
LONDON". Aug. 27.— The British Admiralty.
Recording to the Daily Mall. la buying larc*
quantities of American coal for the use of th»
fleet In home waters and in the Mediterranean.
TELEGRAPHIC BREVITIES.
Governor at San Qucntin.
Special DtsDatch to The Cah.
SAN RAFAEL, Aug. 26.-Govcrnor Gage
and wife spent the day as the guests of
Warden Martin Aguirre at San Quenttn.
The visit had nothing to do with prison
affairs. The Governor will return to San
Francisco to-morrow morning.
Indications That the Property Will
Change Hands and Work
Be Advanced.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SUTTER CREEK, Aug. 26.— Testerday
the miners at the Wlldman mine were
paid two months' back pay, amounting to
$15,000. Three months' pay is still due
from the Boston syndicate in control. It
is generally credited here that the Wild
man will shortly change hands, and with
ample capital will sink their shaft over
200*) feet.
WOMAN MINE MEN
ARE PAID BACK WAGES
Structure Devoted to the Department
of Agriculture in Nevada Is
Burned Down.
Sreclal Dlscatch to The Call.
RENO, Nev., Aug. 26.— The agricultural
building of the Nevada State University
and contents were destroyed by fire this
afternoon, entailing a loss of probably $20.
000. A large amount of statistics" and val
uable papers, which can never be re
placed, were destroyed. The fire originated
in the basement and was caused by the
explosion of creosol. The State will prob
ably rebuild the building at once, not
waiting for an appropriation from Con
gress. The building destroyed was one or
the first erected on the State University
campus.
UNIVERSITY BUILDING
DESTROYED BY FIRE
| T v.as after the minstrel show, when
I the guests sat down to a banquet, that
! the "event of the evening," as "Billy"
Jordan would have announced It, took
Chapter II.
THE VEXED" HOST.
When a half-dozen drummers contribute
toward amateur vaudevillo professional
stars of the footlights have got to scurry
to cover. There were songs/ cakewalks
and end-man repartee, participated in by
Messrs. Ray. representing Mack & Co. of
San Francisco: Lee of Hale Bros.', Dr.
Conwell of Berkeley. S. Levy, Schroeder
of Oakland and many others, while Mrs.
Asher contributed "There'll Be a Hot
Time," and also officiated as director of
the musical end of the programme.
THE GAY DRUMMERS.
WL McCRAY is proprietor of the
Oat Valley Farm, a summer re
# sort seven miles as the crow flies
from Cloverdale. Among his
guests on the birthday in question were
a party of drummers. Now, the cheery
wight of the road, of all men, apreciates
generous treatment on the part of his
host. They are believers In reciprocity.
Thereby hangs this tale. When the guests
at Oat Valley Farm learned that the land
lord was rounding another milestone they
decided upon an impromptu minstrel show
to celebrate the event.
Chapter I.
dike proved to be only a "blow
out" he would be ranked among the
Rockefellers and Sapes and Hetty Greens
of tho new century, provided his appetite
was equal to the emergency.
CLOVERDALE. Aug. 26.— For a
short half-hour on his birthday
recently W. I,. McCray ate his
way toward fortune, and had It
not bedn that his pastry Klon-
Prologue.
VICTORIA. B. C. Aug. 26.— During the
taking: of evidence by the committee of
the Legislature upon the circumstances
of tho calling out of the militia In the
recent strike at the Fraser River salmon
canneries witnesses for the union testi
fied that there was an elaborate conspira
cy on th© part of the canners, who since
the beginning of the year have imported
several thousand Japanese fishermen. The
union had i.-Id out for 25 cents, the Jap3
being content with 20 cents per fish, and
through Pinkerton detectives the strikers
were incited to acts of violence and in
timidation, affording thereby a pretext
to the canners for an appeal for militia
protection.
Two hundred and fifty soldiers were
soon camped at the canneries, and under
their guns 3000 Japanese prosecuted fish-
Ing and bv weight of numbers practlcally
drove white fishermen and Indians from
this remunerative industry.
Special DIsratch to The Call.
Pinkerton Detectives Incited Strikers
to Acts of Violence, Thereby
Forcing Calling Out
of Troops.
Testimony AMuceflDy Union
Men Relative to the
Fraser Strike.
CANNERS HAD
PLANNED A BIG
CONSPIRACY
The educators will be given a reception
and their visit will be made a pleasant
one. A ride to the various points of In
terest about the county is one of tha
treats promised.
The reception will occur on Tuesday
evening. Professor M. E. Dailey will be
president of the evening. Mayor Martin
will deliver an address of welcome on be
half of the city, and Professor John C.
Branner will welcome them on behalf of
the schools. State Superintendent Tnomas
Kirk will respond for the Superintend
ents. A tine musical prosrramme win fol
low. Refreshments will be served.
Besides many Interesting and Instruc
tive papers that will be read, some im
portant recommendations for changes In
the school law will be made.
SAN JOSE. Aug. 25.— The convention of
the city and county School Superintend
ents, which will open In this city next
Wednesday morning, wM be well attend
ed. Prominent teachers from all over the
State will be present, and the Stanford
and Berkeley universities will also be
represented.
Sreclal DIsratch to The Call.
Prominent Educators From All Over
the State and From the Two
Universities Will Bo
Present.
City anfl County Scnool
Superintendents to
Convene.
EDUCATORS TO
ASSEMBLE IN
GARDEN CITY
SAN JOSE. Aug. 25.— The Pioneer So
ciety of Santa Clara County has accepted
the invitation of the Native Sons to at
tend the Admission day celebration In San
Francisco. The Pioneers will occupy car
riages In the parade. A committee has
been appointed to make all arrangements.
About fifty members will attend.
Pioneers to Attend.
Pr^clal Disratch to The Call
SAN ANDREAS. Aug. 26.— Yesterday
the following Fix delegates to th© Demo
cratic State Convention were elected: W.
A. Dower, delegate at lanre from the
Twenty-seventh Assembly District: from
supervisorial districts: John Waters. San
Andreas: Frank Brown. Jenny Lir.d:
Thomas E. McSorley. Mokolumne Hill;
Judge James Shepherd, Murphys; C. I...
Kettler. Angels.
San Andreas Delegates.
Spfdal Dispatch to The Call.
Boys and Republicans were voted at the
primaries to make sure of a program
delegation.
JACKSON. Cai.. Aug. -26— The Demo
cratic primaries last night resulted in' a
victory for the Newman delegates to the
county convention, and Strohm, the rival
candidate for Supervisor, declares his in
tention to run Independently. The feeling
is bitter and will probably result in the
election of a Republican and the capture
ft the board by that party if the Newman
men persist in their fight and nominate
him.
Run Independently.
Frftel D!*:atcb to The Call.
Defeated Candidate at Jackson May-
DEMOCRATS SPLIT.
This means the nomination of Gardner
for Senator, representing El Dorado and
Placer counties. His opponent will be
either the incumbent. Hon. E. W. Chap
man of El Dorado, or Attorney Ben P.
Tabor of Placer.
AUBURN. Aug. 26.— At the Republican
primaries yesterday Assemblyman W. B.
I^ardner secured seven out of the ten
delegate* to the State convention against
the effort* of L. li Chamberlain, chair
man <>f the County Central Committee,
who represented the opposing element.
For a tin-.e it looked as though the latter
e!« ment would win. but the appearance of
Hon. II. T. Power in the tight was a
clincher for the anti-Chamberlain faction.
LARDNEB, WINS.
Secures Seven Out of Ten Delegates
From Auhurn.
Sr*-c-ial Dirrctch to The Hall.
The renomination of Congressman
N«dham wiil take place to-morrow after
noon. All the delegates are for him,
some of them being 6o instructed. . \
SAN DIEGO. Aug. 2S.— Many of the dele
gates who are to attend the session of the
Republican Congressional convention at
Coronado to-morrow have already ar
rived, and thoug most of them are at the
big hotel across the bay, many of them
are housed on this side. It is not likely
that the morning session will amount to
anything;, for the reason that delegates
from the nearby counties will remain at
home to-day and come in by the noon
train to-morrow, whi'.e many delegates
from the valley counties, wha expected to
reach here this evening, find themselves
compelled to remain over in Los Angeles
until the mornintr train.
Instructed.
Srifcla! D!sr>atch to The CalL
jftany Delegates Baing
Congressman Sure of Renomination,
ALL FOR NEEDHAM.
SAN" MATEO. Aug. 25— The hottest Re
publican primary election in San Mated
County In years was that held here yes
terday, and It resulted in a decided re
buke to the County Committee's -methods
cf making nominations, as shown by the
SJO majority rolled up in favor of the
opposition. " represented by the Byrnes
ticket. The County Committee had forced
into the Held a ticket composed of dele
gates who were pledged to the nomination
of George C. Ross for joint Senator. Ex-
Senator James D. Byrnes was aiso an as
pirant for the nomination and a Byrnes
ticket was placed in the field. The lat
ter is the victorious ticket. The dele
pates chosen to the State Congressional
and Senatorial conventions are as follows:
H. W. Walker. William F. Herbst, R. H.
Jury, W. J. Martin. John McBaJn. Wil
liam Nelson arid Albion Weeks. In the
town of San ilateo the vote stood: For
Byrnes ticket, 1S3; for Ross ticket, 17.
ries Is Elected.
Srec!al Dispatch to The Call.
His Ticket at the San Mateo Prima-
BYRIJES VICTORIOUS.
The Republicans elected delegates to
State and County conventions. The State
delegates are: Owen Wade. George Strohl.
Nelson Collins. Percy King. Felix Borreo.
Albt-rt Brown, M. G. Bailey, Benjamin
Grauss. Joshua Frye.
These delegates are for Coombs for
Consress in the First District. Owen
Wade, who supported Burns for Senator,
was elected from his own precincts. East
and West St. Helena, as the county had
been divided into districts. There were
contests in Yount and East Napa super
visorial districts. In the latter Supervisor
Bush carried the day and will receive
renorr.i nation. In Yount Supervisor Tru
body seems to have been successful.
NAPA. Aug. 2^.— Republican and Demo
cratic i>nmarie* were held throughout
Sffapa County Saturday. The Democrats
t-'.ected the following delegates to the
State Convention: John York, William
Spiers. Ernest Mason. John Duvall, Guy
Young. James Reams. John Walden.
Primaries for the County Convention
will be held in September.
Name Their Choice.
P>»«?c!al DiEi^itch to TT.e Call.
WELL SUPPORT COOMBS.
ITapa County Congressional Delegates
SAN JOSE. Aug. 26.-LocaJ Democrats
are preparing to receive the delegates to
the State Democratic Convention which
will meet here September 6. Funds are
being raised for the entertainment of the j
politicians. Victory Theater has been se- 1
cured fort the convention. According to |
the programme it Is expected the con- j
vention will be in session two days, the
first being devoted simply to organization.
Santa Clara County Democrats expect
the convention to boom the interests of
the local party, and unusual efforts will
be made by the party to carry the county
this fall.
Fipcial Disi-ateh to The Call.
Indications Now Are That the Con
vention Will Be in Session
for at Least Two
Days.
Democrats oi San Jose Are
Planning for a Great
Time,
PREPARING TO
RECEIVE THE
DELEGATIONS
[• partner appcarod ou the scene an. I
lk ilic- ;<..}¦< man's part. They laid <>m
0 oi l*tc IlkHans who had j-jined th-;ir
unkf.j tan'Catt Then the ltaiians
rcaii'l i<. ir.eu oar an-l mo».h returncrt
ih natty billing asslstsnts. Tbo> «ir«vo
1 two ;. u_ng :r.en on lu a swiiili eiuiif
d <i;tj-:;td t'n- on the tr.rr. «r;»- because
¦e la".:«:r relujied to de*Jver ritrUiw atcj
!'t tri<*ndr Inf their luiui^.
Cnpineer MoGillivray was i:i charge
. t!)p tr«Un. wi.ich lia«i been backed on to
jeklfng while vailing lor a special to
ss on tht- r;;ain line. Harlow look ref-
In Jh*- cab of the engine and his
rtn»r rriwled to the running board on
e opposite Bide from the mcb.
Brasid^liinpr puns. Knives and clubs, the
llian" ?r.cu reached ihe »>r.gi*ji> and de
andfd that the engineer surrender the
o mo:j or h? wculd be fci!!°d. The en
jeer parleyed with the mob for some
ne until some of the infuriated cowards:
gan shootiiiK into the cab. >!*• was not
ft* but a ht:!!et from a Winchester
rucV: Harlow In the shoulder and as he
11 the content? of a shotgun tore away
m side of Ma head.
Sin the meutfflM II?.rlow"s r-artner had
awled fJuwn from the opposite side of
:?> cah and farted to run for hifl life.
e tvas pnrsned and surrounded. The Ita5
ns at once opened tire on the <5'fenj»e
ss nan nr,d it Is beUex-ed he was shot
> death.
;POKJOCE. V.'aph.. A-Jjr. " 2<V— With the
e of hiF h^ad tern away, with shot an<i
bullet lodjrtd In his right shoulder, L.
H*riot( lies at the Sacred Heart Hos
tl ar.d fcar.t hopes are entertained for '
? recovery.
|° was the victim of an asf ault at Hu
- Jtmctlon last nlpht and but for the
aely interference of train hands wouM
vc Lefn *i".od on the tfpot. His partner
sopjKqjstp to have bee.i killed by the
me mob of Italians who attacked Ha'
v. and Section Foreman Martin Colc
in has .in usly gash in his wrist.
<one of the Italians were injured as far
known. BherlS Bradbury of Kootsnal
iunty reached the toeae of the fight at
late hour Jasi :i;eht and has a score
the Italian? under arrest.
're jijjM '.»;•« Ftart»<l by an altercation
•reen lh»* M?ction foroinan ar«l a «ir'iiik
lTa: T .m. i'l.e lat»orer ptalibed the fore
m in i!.e ;'tm. Just then liarlow ai':l
tendifih Attack Made Upon De
fr.sclcss Men by Laborers
Near the City of
Spokane.
19 Man Believed to Be
Dead and Another
Dying.
SHOT DOWN BY
AN INFURIATED
ITALIAN MOB
THE SAN- FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, AUGUST 27, 1900.
As Told Over the Nuts and Wine.
DEED OF THE DRUMMERS;
OR, THE LANDLORD'S LUCK
3
ilvvJI Our Remodeling Sale ends next week. The store will then |
li^Jl be entirely remodeled — the different departments will have in their I ;i*V.g
||;V; : :|| fall stocks— we will again be in smooth running order. On our i^p
8r''*-B seconc * fl° or wlu be situated the finest juvenile department west of s v*'ll
CT'^B ew or^' ne ent * re Ifeht, a^ r - v fi° or will be devoted to chil- flS'll
B^'IB ren ' s clothing — -the assortment will'be almost without limit. B :*£'||
H'VOB ut » t0 s P ea k °f tne present— -our spring and summer suits l'v'".§
S^li are g0 * n 2 at a^ P r ' ces — buy now, before the sale ends. liS^
mm* Ready=Hade Suits Shirts |^|
f||'.'-""."-|fj Suits of all-wool cheviot in desirable Garner's percale shirts — very latest If •*:*/ffl
I!8*'"-"'"*h1 P atte;ns » S C °J» long-wearing material designs, in colors for the fall; shirts k 'Via
iir"'' : 'il °* ra *her rough finish; price previous (have just come in and are well worth g •''•'•'111
[ll. : £v|l to this sale $12.50, now ! -.-. g r.*'|w
Sv.'vH Fancy cheviots of better -material Goif shirts, made of good fast-colored g V;"|2
raj,;.V:;H than the above in a number of pleasing material, in sizes to fit the majority of j? •"":!•'»
ii-'-" : 'll patterns— actually worth $15.00; until people; the former prices were 50c and ft f.-;.j|
fSP.y.gS t] lev are gone 75c, but are now reduced » :£#'B
IfCr.-ll su S its7but°for S thTsake of a good value Derbys, fedoras and graecos in the | "£§§
H:', 2 - : B we are making them now for fall shapes and colors; hats that you g :;;:;.g
||t\v§i £ifi on have palJ S 2l0 ° * orman y a time—our f£ '.'./•.el
H'&'B them^n^the^stbre 1 since spring; the Golf caps, made from remnants from 1 \\;M
M&'-m Prices were $7.50, $8.00 and $9.00; our tailoring department; cloth would g •.•;.' ga
il-. : '-§i to get them out of the road for the fall otherwise be a waste— we charge you g .-V.Hj
g|;^?B st ' ock w e have cut them all to for the making only— | .: ; \.gj
IP^i $5.85 15C each; 2 for 25c W^M
Wz'M 71^ Market Street. | ;:'||„ ... Aelia Laella Crispis
iseitner man, nor woman, nor hermaphro
¦-. Neither infant, young nor old.
chaste, depraved, nor modest.
But all these.
Kcmoved neither by hunger, sword or
poison, 4
„ „ But by all.
She lies neither in the sky nor in the
-I'-";.: water, but everywhere.
•^ Lucius Agatha Criapls.
r» either hu?band. lover nor friend.
But all these.
Neither weepintr nor rejoicing.
But both.
Has erected this, neither a mausoleum, a
¦ pyramid nor a sepulchre.
But all three.
Both knowing and not knowing to whom
he hath erected It.
This Is a tomb that holds no body.
This is a body held In no tomb.
But Is its own body and its own tomb.
The answer is not known, and so every
nimble •wit is invited to exercise itself on
the -tough old puzzle.'
An ancient epitaph In Latin tn the Cha
teau of Chantllly, France, may be trans
lated thus:
e PUZZLING EPITAPH;
The Southern Pacific Company is defending itself
in the United States Circuit Court in a damage suit
on the ground that the life of a man whom it killed
was worthless. And the strangest part of the affair is
that the man who was killed was not a Southern Pa-
THE SENTENCE OF LYMCHERS
OUT of Texas comes one of the most cheering
reports that has come out of the South for a
long time. It is the announcement that a
number of men engaged in lynching have been con
victed of the crime and sentenced to life imprison
ment. It thus appears that there is a revolt in the
South itself against the barbarities that have been
committed in that section under the name of lynch
law, 'and that at last an earnest effort is to be made
to bring the offenders to answer for their violence be
fore the bar of justice.
> One swallow does not make a spring, nor does one
conviction for lynching clear up the dreary situation
in the South. It Ts only a sign of the' coming of bettei
things. It may be a long time before another occurs.
Nevertheless, the' country will be gratified even with
this one sign. The record of Southern lynchings his
been so hideous and every effort to bring the lynchers
to justice has been so feeble and so futile that it seems
almost like the dawn of a new, era to learn that the
law has at last taken hold of some of the bold of
fenders and sentenced them to an imprisonment
which will prevent them from doing further harm.
Kow that the first, step in the direction of reform
in the matter has been taken it is to be hoped the
supporters of law and justice in all parts of the South
will take courage and be more resolute than ever in
their fight against a barbarism that has threatened
the very foundations of Southern society. The lynch
ers have been bold only because the better and
LAVENDER FOULARD DRESS.
The Indoor dress represented Is of lav
ender foulard, with printed patterns of a
darker shade. It is trimmed with Japan
hrn.H^? ed^ d wlt £. man >' colored om
broidery in silk or white satin. The skirt
is draped at the side and has a frillel
flounce around the bottom
For clearness read Macaulay.
For logic read Burke and Bacon.
For action read Homer and Scott.
For conciseness read Bacon and Pope.
For sublimity of conception read Milton.
For vivacity read Stevenson and Kip
ling.
For imagination read Shakespeare apfl
Job.
For elegance read Virgil. Milton ana
Arnold.
For common sense read Benjamin
Franklin.
For simplicity read Burns. Whittler.
For smoothness read Addison and Haw
thorne. , ,
For interest In common things read Jane
Austen.
For humor read Chaucer. C* -^Uite3 and
Mark Twain. -*
For choice of individual words reaij
Keats. Tennyson and Emerson.
For the study of human nature read,
Shakespeare and George KUot.
For loving and patient observation of
nature read Thoreau and Walton.
LITERARY PRESCRIPTIONS.
CALIFOP-NIANS Jit KEW YORK.
NEW YORK. Aug. 26.— Grove S. Ay<»r9
of San Francisco la at tha Hoffman.
Marlon de Vries of Stockton la at tfca
Gerard.
Some surprise has been created by the fact that
James Taylor Rogers has sold his law. books. A per
son certainly has the right to dispose of something for
which he never found need in his business.
Sharkey says he never knew what hit him in his
contest with Fitzsimmons. It is unfortunate that the
argument of the Cornishman not • sufficiently
strong to make the sailor speechless for a while at
least; -
Frenchman may not have a very exalted idea of
some of our attributes, but they certainly have ;i
wholesome respect for us as fire-caters. The Kansas
City firemen have won from every competitor at
Paris. ¦ '
Auditor Wells has found another defect in the
charter and appears to be surprised. He might be
justified in his feelings if he had discovered that his
search for errors in llic remarkable document was at
an end.
If the soldiers who made a dastardly attack upon
two women the other night had been caught by angry
citizens they would have discovered probably that
there is a court more summary in its vengeance than
a court-martial.
A visiting military authority says that it looks as if
our soldiers were "up for a run" in China. The gen
tleman may have been perfectly sincere in his mean
ing, but he certainly might have been more judicious
in expressing it.
M. F. Taylor, the Democratic orator, holds out to
us the awful threat that William Jennings Bryan will
remain in public life until we have dealt with him as
he has dealt with us. Voters have a solemn duty of
suppression to perform at the polls.
Commissioner Maguirc of the Board of Public
Works wants to declare the tracks of the Southern
Pacific Company in the Mission a public nuisance.
Does he think that any assertion on his part will give
emphasis to what the people of San Francisco have
known for years?
If the Board of Education were as successful in
keeping secret the results of its scandalous scheming
as it is in depriving the public of what it has a right
to know in connection with school affairs, there would
be less of scandal and more of decency in the records
of the School Department.
FASHION HINT FROM PARIS. I
1
Richard U. Goode of the Geological Sur
vey. Washington, D. C, is registered at
the Occidental. He Is expected to deliver
at an early date another lecture on tfco
scientific work he is now pursuing.
•C. C. Hampton, a prominent resident of
Marysvllle, accompanied by his w!f» and
daughter. Is stopping at the Lick.
H. Isaacs, first assistant superintend
ent of the Southern Pacific Company at
Los Anteles, is at the Gra-r^.
D. S. jCone. one of _ Red, ii%:fTs most
prominent business men. Is at the Palace.
He is accompanied by his wife.
Thomas Vigus, an extensive oil specu
lator of Los Angeles, la a guest of the
Lick.
Captain George F. Ellis, one of the far
mer kings of the Klondike. Is stopping
at the Lick.
General John F. Kldder. the •well-kr.tnrn
railroad man of Grass Valley, la a gue3t
of the Pala\e.
"W. M. HarrTngton, a banker of Cotaa.
accompanied by his wife. 13 registered
at the Palace.
O. B. Harvey, a bigr mining man of
New Mexico, la stopping at the Grand.
A. .D. Cutts. a wealthy fruit grower
of Marysville, is stopping at the Grand
Mark R. Plalsted of the Fresco Deao
crat Is at the California.
J. Smith, a prominent minins man of
Salt Lake, is at the Grand.
Hugh Braunton. a mining man of ! 9
nora, is registered at the LJck.
Joseph Goldman, a prominent mercivpt
of Merced. Is stopping at the Grand.
D. W. Kirkland. a leading druggistfof
Los Angeles, I3 a guest of the Palace.
PERSONAL MENTION?
Two armored cruisers "of 12,416 tons are
to be laid down at Cherbourg and Brest.
The British torpedo-gunboat Niger is to
have new engines and boilers. Sho wag
launched in 1S92 and made her steam trials
in the following year. Kleven boats of
that type and size were built at one time,
and were expected to develop 4500 horse
power and 21 knots. Only one c,i the lot
the Speedy, built by Thomycroft, ex
ceeded-the horsepower by 203. but gave
only 20 knots epeed.. The average of the
others was only. 3C00 horsepower and 13
knots speed.. They have, of course,, not
improved with age. Their sea speed is
about 16 knots. The fault lies with the
engines and boilers, as the dimensions and
lines of, the hull are such as to warrant
21 knots speed. • .. ani
Knas Potemkln Tavritchesky la the
euphonious name . of a battle-ship being
constructed at. Nicolaleff, of 10,400 tons
and 10,600 horsepower, to steam 16 knots.
The vessel is nearly ready for launching.
Another battle-ship, named Knas Suva
roff. is to be begun shortly at the Baltic
works, St. Petersburg. She will be of
the .Tsarevltch type, but larger.' of 13,600
tons and lfi,C00 horsepower. Others of
the same size in course of construction
are the Borodino. Orel and Alexander
III. Their armor belt extends clear fore
and aft and is of 10-inch Harvey stepl.
The batteries are four 12-inch, twelve 6
inch and twenty 3-inch guns.
The Russian Admiralty will establish
training colleges at some ports for the ed
ucation of marine engineers and naval
architects. They will also get the benefit
from actual working in the navy-yards.
The United States -navy Is the only one
in which graduates from the .naval acad
emy are made assistant naval construct
ors after a couple of years' supplemental
theoretical education in England and
France. Their practical apprenticeship
begins with their commission as officers
in charge of work at navy-yards or as
Government inspectors at private yards.
An interesting trial took place recently
in the Mediterranean, when four ships of
the British sQuadron were ordered to
steam under four-fifths power from a
point six miles east of Gibraltar to an
other point six miles north of Cape Fi
gan, Spain. The distance was 7SS miles,
which the new battle-ship Ocean covered
in 46 hours and 54 minutes, an average of
16.8 knots, consuming 520 tons of coal.
The battlo-ship Renown, four years old,
averaged 16 knots,- and the Isis and Dido,
cruisers of 5600 tons, 16.7 and 16.25 knots
respectively.
There are some French naval experts
v/ho do not approve of huge battle-ships,
and claim that> it would be better to
build vessels of 6000 to 8000 tons to have
all the" defensive powers of the present
15,C00-ton ship, but with less speed. M.
Normand points further to the fact that
the phenomenal speed of 23 knots de
manded from some cruisers is not car
ried knit in practice, and that such a
sprcd dwindles down to 18 or 19 knots at
sea.
The Austrian coast-defense ship Haps
burg is to be launched at Trieste Septem
ber 9. She is one of three of a new type.
333 feet length, 65 feet beam and 23 feet
draught, with a displacement of 8310 tons.
The speed is to be IS knots, and the armor
belt is 8 feet in height and 8.7 inches max
imum thickness. The battery is compos
ed of three 10.6-Ineh Krupp. twelve 5.9
inch quick firers and two 2.75-inch rapid
fire guns.
The Marseillaise, of 10,014 tons, was
built at a French dockyard, and launched
six months after the keel was laid, and
the Suffren was six and a half months in
the stocks. There .has been a remarkable
improvement in French dockyard meth
ods of recent years, and ships no longer
remain years on the stocks.
The French gunboat Zelee, built at
Rochefort. made 13.5 knots during her re
cent six hours' trial under full power.
A sister vessel, the Decidee, is now on its
way to the Orient.
Austria's naval budget for 1900 foots up
to $S.222,100, a large increase over las.t
year's expenditure.
THE WORLD'S WARSHIPS
They are 4"> feet In length. 6D feet beam;
triple-screw englr.es of 24,000 horsepower,
to give a speed of 21 knots, and coal stow
age for 19G0 tons, sufficient for 10,000
miles at 10 knots. The cost of each ves
sel complete with armament is estimated
at 15,796,500, and they will carry 23 offi
cers and a crew of 6S7. They have been
named Jules Ferry and Leon Gambetta.
and are to be completed early in 1303 and
during the middle of" 1004, in the order
named. Th<* batteries are proportionate
to the size and general object of these
ships, and comprise four 7.6-inch, sixteen
6.4-inch, twenty 3-pounders and four
l'.-2-pounders. besides five torpedo dis
charges. All the guns are quick firers.
Wail street is dull and featureless and the public
is entirely out of the market. The professionals are
also and arc waiting for something to turn
up. The London market is also dull. The Bank of
Kng.rr.d's reserve has recently been greatly strength
ened by '.he receipt of the United States' subscription
to the war loan, amounting to over $.20,000,000 in go!.i
coin, and this has cased the London money market
to 5uch an extent that further withdrawals of gold
from tJ:is country arc no longer apprehended. Easy
money, however, has little perceptible effect on the
market? either of London or New York. There is no
speculation in the air.
local trade is good. There are no complaints
worthy of note, and the export business of the port
keeps up without a break. Farm products as a rule
arc i'rirging good prices, and'the State at large is
riiarina: in the benefits thereof. Canned and dried
fruits rre very firm, with a smaller output of both
than expected earlier in the season, and the tendency
jn prices is upward. Grapes are opening at first rate
prices- with a fair but not large crop. Many products
arc waiting the outcome in China. If hostilities there
arc prolonged and large bodies troops are main
tained in the Orient a number of farm products will
surely feel the effects of it in higher prices before long."
The situation both in merchandise and farm produce
is decidedly bullish, and it would' not take much
ir-crcase in the demand to send prices still higher.
1 here was a slow rise in wheat during: the week,
except at the close. The general grain market in
S:'n Francisco is firm: barley on account of a reduced
crop, oats on account of the Government demand
r.nd corn on account of light supplies. ' The cereal
msrket as a whole has improved considerably during
tlie summer months and is now in good shape for
formers and local sellers. Cotton has weakened off
under needed rr.ins in the Southern States. Pro
visions arc firm but quiet, and there is little talk of
tutting 2raong the local trade.
The staples are exhibiting more fluctuation. More
fineness in hides and leather is noted, foreign quota
tions being stronger, and the markets at Chicago
and Sar> Francisco are quoted in better condition.'
T-ut the boot and shoe trade still languishes; fac
lories in the East are working only part of the time,
cod it now appears that there is more stock on hand
than estimated some time ago. Wool continues firm,
and sales have lately made a material increase. Confi
dence in the future is shown by Western dealers, who
are shipping East with instructions to their consignees
to hold the goods until after the election. This, in itself
is a pretty good Republican campaign straw, its very
inrteness rendering it eloquent. The iron trade con
tinues unsettled. Reports of price reductions here
Lr.d there are offset by reports of a marked increase in
the demand at other points. Furnace production has
been rapidly decreased of late, and will be kept up
until the demand and supply get closer together.
That tinie may not be distant, for an English inquiry
:> now reported, consequent upon the reduced quo
tations. Tin and copper are both lower, the latter
owing to larger stocks.
TRADE reports from different parts of the coun
try show considerable irregularity. The bank
clearings still run along remarkably even, the
decrease last week being 17; i per cent, against an
average of about lty 2 per cent for the past few weeks.
Thus, as far as these ba.nk clearings are an indication,
our ratio to last year in the volume of business is un
dergoing no change. We are just so far behind 1899,
and are staying there, neither gaining nor losing.
The failures, however, are making a better showing,
these last week being 155, against 154 for the cor
ic?j>onding week in 1899.
TRADE IRREGULAR BUT BUOYANT.
Even if the end be at hand, Dewet will be remem
bered as one of the ablest leaders of mounted in
fantry that ever sat a saddle and fought against odds
of ten to one. He may not win the independence of
his country, but he has proven the ability of his
countrymen to fight for it like men, and attested his
own right to rank among the foremost patriot leaders
of all lime. .
On Saturday dispatches from Roberts stated that
Dewet has buried all his cannon; that his army has
been broken up into small bands and the force with
him is now not more than 300 men. Pole-Carew and
French and all the rest are now scampering after the
scattered bands. Perhaps they will catch some of
them, but the chances are we shall hear ere long that
most of them have succeeded in making their way to
some point agreed upon and have there united for fur*
thcr fighting.
When the British are looking for him in one place
he bobs up serenely somewhere else. He has marched
over a wide region of country, but he never seems
to be tired. He is a strategist, a tactician and a
fighter, and in each of those departments of a gen
eral's activity he shines with no mean' light. Withal
he is a merry warrior and delights in a little joke.
Not long ago, when Dewet was supposed to be far
away and Buller was straining himself to head him
off from wherever he was going, he suddenly appeared
in. Front of Baden-Powell's force and sent to that hero
a white flag, demanding his surrender. The Britisher
saw the joke and humored it by politely asking in re
turn what terms would be granted him. Then before
the Mafeking hero could get ready to strike Dcwct
was £one.
For weeks General Dewet has been hunted by
three armies — one under Kitchener, one under Hunter
and one under Baden-Powell. These have been
served by suc^i subordinate commanders as French,
Hamilton, Mcthuen and Smith-Dorian. Over all has
been Field Marshal Lord Roberts. It was stated that
when the hunt began Dewet had under his command
about 7000 men. How many have been on his trail
from first to last has not been stated, but it has hardly
been less than 80,000. Nearly every active troop in
the British service has had a whack at him at one
time or another. He has been surrounded more
times than there are letters in his name. He has had
foes to the right of him, foes to the left of him, foes
in front of him and foes behind him; but he has never
yet been cornered where he could be held, nor has
he ever struck the surrounding lines without succeed
ing in breaking through.
WHEN the full story of the war in South Africa
comes to be written the chapter which nar
rates the marching and the fighting of Dewet
since the fall of Pretoria will be one of the most thrill
ing romances in history. Even in the brief dis
patches coming in one at a time from the seat of
war the record shows brilliantly. What Dewet has
been doing, and is doing still, is far superior to any
thing White did at Ladysmith, or Baden-Powell in
defense of Mafeking. In fact, he is accomplishing one
of the most remarkable feats in the annals of war.
GENERAL DEWET'S ESCAPE.
Such a treaty might combine the physical strength
of the two empires for offense and defense, put the
vast military strength of China under expert Russian
training, equip the eighty millions of Chinese of fight
ing age and strength with modern artillery and simll
arms and enable the combined Muscovite and Mongol
to defy the world. The reach of such a policy is so
dazzling in its possibilities as to stimulate the astute
statesmanship of Russia. With such an ally "Adam
Zad the bear" would be the dictator of the destinies
of the world, as far as the awe of a vast military force
can influence them. No wonder the cabinets o?
Europe are disturbed by the prospect.
There have been suspicions of a secret understand
ing between her arid the Chinese Government. This
declaration that war exists between the two empires
might • be in line with such an understanding. If
Russia claims a state of war the allies can neither aid
her nor China and tha two would be left free to con
clude a peace by a treaty that would give to Russia,
as a belligerent, exclusive advantages of the most im
portant nature.
This would install a very startling situation. It
would place the allies in the position of helping Rus
sia take the city as a power at public war with China
and wouldjywe think, give the nations they represent
the same status as Russia. Of course, this is insuffer
able. The United States, France, Japan, Germany
and England were in arms on Chinese soil only to
protect the interests of their citizens or subjects ami
to rescue their diplomatic representatives besieged by
riotous revolutionists, with whom the Government
professed to be unable to cope. The duty of those
nations was clear and they discharged it with ardor
and success. Russia did not proclaim any other pur
pose and her presence with the allies committed her
to the same policy which made their presence neces
sary. • •
AN unconfirmed report is to the effect that, after
entering Peking with the allies, the Russian
commander refused to desist from such further
acts of war as the destruction of the royal palace and
Government propery, giving as his reason that his
Government had declared war on China.
RUSSIA'S ATTITUDE
The Poniatotvskls, the MountfortX • S.
"Wilsons, the Tobins and the Raoul-Duvala
are back again at Burllngame after th<"ir
Del Monte outing. Mr. and Mrs. "Waft?r
Hobart. Mr. and Mrs. Walter Newh ill
and Mr. and Mrs. Robert C* Coleir tn
went to Lake Tahoe after t^Ir stay at
Del Monte. Mrs. Henry Scrftt has g( n»
on to New York to meet her daught r.
Miss Mary Scott, who has been spend \g
the summer abroad.
SALLY SHARI
Jacques tells on© of. Ho Is shorn of s
mustache and his face has taken on a -t
of magenta hue. Nothing Is left to rex; d
one of the idol of our yotmg hearts :
cept passionate, illuminated socks. Th s
a good phrase, but not original with %
I'm Quoting a wondrously successful, it
still, could you believe it. modest ne j
paper man.
• • '*¦.•¦..
Speaking of singers recalls to me oc ia
splendid reports I heard concerning is
wonderful Improvement of Denis O'St 1
van. He Is In Paris studying hard v h
Cabrillo. and he has added four note? o
his register. O'Sulllvan does not speal >C
coming home to us, and it will be maa a
year, his frlend3 affirm . before we III
have the pleasure of hearing him agalr
• • •
Marie "Wells Is over In San Rafael til • c
out every man who has the rare % >d
pleasure of going out horseback rid is
with her. Her latest equestrienne t it
was the riding to the top of Tamal; la
with Lionel Roberta as her escort. T ry
started out early in the morning. 1 id
lunch at the tavern at the top of \<t
mountain and were back again at £ in
Rafael long before the sun went down.
¦ • • •
The other day I saw Donald de V. Gra
ham, whom you and I used to rave over,
well, not so many seasons ago. I had to
be told who he was. He has changed so
I did not recognize him. Did you know
that the man we so gladly paid $4 to hear
sing in some swell charity opera Is a clerk
in Judge Dunne's court? And, say, the
only singing ho does nowadays is to re
cite In sotto voce the outh that all wit
nesses must repeat after him before they
may take the stand. There Is little of the
eld Donald de V. left. He has grown
round, like the Justice the melancholy
The very latest Is to precede your thea
ter party with a dinner at a downtown
restaurant. On Monday evening half the
Columbia audience had dinner at fashion
able restaurants before going to the play.
Harry Holbrook had a neat little down
town dinner party and then took his
guests to "The Only Way." Olive Hol
brook, of course, was one of the number,
and the tan she took on during her sum
mer outing was still with her. "Keep it
as long as you can. Olive," say I, "it is
immensely becoming."
"Do you know?" said her handsome
mother, who was all teary at the thought
of being separated from her only daugh
ter, "do you know I could not eat a
mouthful all day? But Irma — the size of
the, steak she consumed a few hours be
fore she faced Dr. Voorsahger— why. It
nearly took my breath away."
As a bride dainty little Irma astonished
all her friends. She was without excep
tion the coolest thing that ever walked In
tulle and orange blossoms'.
taste. It was of white satin, of course,
smothered In tulle, and the point lace
flounces might have paid a king's ransom.
pUjOUR years ago Bryan was going up and down
I the country predicting all sorts of dire disasters
to the country and the people should gold be
established as the standard of value. He said such a
policy would make times harder; that every one would
suffer except money owners and money changers;
that the hope of the toiling masses would be de
stroyed; that the opportunity for work would be
diminished; that the savings of the thrifty would de
crease; that the ability of savings banks to collect
their assets would be lessened, and that depositors
in the savings banks would have to withdraw their
deposits to pay living expenses.
To refute those predictions the Republican party
need prepare no campaign document. The reports
of bank officials afford all the evidence that is needed
on the subject. Take San Francisco as an example
of the country at large. The reports of the nine sav
ings banks in this city to the State Board of Bank
Commissioners show that on July 31 of last year there
was due depositors the total sum of $113,294,21399.
A week ago a call was made by the Bank Commis
sioners for statements of business at the close of busi
ness hours on August ill In response the returns
show that there. is due depositors the surprisingly
large sum of $120,480,827 70, or an increase in deposits
of $7,186,713 71 in a little over twelve months.
, It is to be borne in mind that the depositors in sav
ings banks arc mainly workingmen and working
women — persons in moderate circumstances and liv
ing on wages or salaries. The capitalists and the busi
ness men of the community carry their deposits al
most exclusively in the commercial banks. Thus this
large increase in the savings banks deposits repre
sents the gain that has come in a single year to the
wage-earners of the city. It is a showing that car
ries- unanswerable proof that the gold standard and
the protective tariff have fulfilled, in this city at any
rate, all that their advocates promised, and its refuta
tion of the predictions of Bryan is complete.
SAVINGS BANKS DEPOSITS.
@frc -^§BeI»5 Call.
MONDAY ...AUGUST 27, 1900
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address A!! Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
MAXAGCn'S OFFICE Trlrpbooe frtium 2O4
I'LBLICATIOX OFFICE. .JinrUet nnd TUlrd. S. *".
Telephone l>resit 201.
CDITOUIAL nOOMS 217 to 221 StercmOB St.
Trlcphonc I*re» SOS.
¦ am
Delivered hy Carrlem. IS Cent* Per Weelc
Slncl« Coplen. 5 Cents.
Trrnu 1»t Blall. Incladlnir l'o«1ncri
DAILT CALL (Including Sunday), cue y»tr ft. 08
PAILT CALL Ondudlnir Sunday). « menthi «•*>
DAILY CALL (lncluflicj: Sunday). 2 monthf 1-M
I>AILT CALL— Bv Slnrle Month Wo
H'KPAT CALL, One T#«x i-SO
WEEKLT CALL One T«»r LOO
All poatntaatem. are authorised to recelTe
«ab*rrlptlon«.
£<uspl« ocplea will i.e torwarded wben r*cur*te<L
Slall rufcsorlb«rs tn orcertrR chane* of «*areyn «hould b«
r»rtic-j'.ar to give bcth NEW AND OLD ADDRESS in order
ti insure a. prompt «nd correct ccrnnl;a:ice with their request.
iuKt 4vn OFFICE.. ,.111J> Broadway
GEORGE C KROGNESS.
Want2*r Foreign Advertising. Marquette Building. Chicago.
(Lccc I3l«'.»cce Telephone "Central 2€13.")
NEW TORK CXIRRESPONDEKT:
C C. CARLTON Heraid Square
NEW TORK REPRESENTATIVB:
STEPHEN B. SMITH 30 Tr.bunt Building
tTEVT TORK NEWS STAJTDS:
vrtldorf-AFtoria Hotel; A. Brentaao. 11 Cnloa Sqo*ro;
Mcrray Hl!l UoteL
CHICAGO NEWS STAJCTHS:
Bunmw House: P. O. News Co.; Oreat Xortb«ra Hotel:
rremoxit Ucvse; AudJtcrtum Hotel.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Wellington Hotel
MORTON t. CRANE. Csrrespondmt.
BJLASCF OTFICES— J2T Montgomcn*. earner of CJay. opwi
until 9:30 o'clock. 3O Hayes, open until S:30 o'clock C33
McAllister, open until S:;j o'clock. C!3 Larkin. open until
$:30 o'clock. 19tl Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 21*61 Market,
corner Six:<^nth. vpen until 9 o'clock. 1CS6 Valencia, open
until S o'clock. 10C Eleventh, open until S o'clock. NW cor
ner Twenty-seconci and Kentucky, open until S o'clock.
Tlfe prospect is favorable for a good convention,
controlled by men wno do not wear the railroad col
lar nor exhale the odor of Mint saloon influences.
An honest convention will give the party a ticket
that will command the votes not only of Republicans
but of independent citizens. That will mean victory.
Everything rests with the Committee of Eighteen.
The members of that body are charged with a serious
responsibility. Upon their firmness the success of
the party in this city is dependent. Should they
stand unswervingly by the principles they have laid
down all will be well, and they will have rendered to
San Francisco Republicanism a service which will
not be forgotten.
In the meantime, honest Republicans wait with ex
pectation of good results upon the action of the Com
mittee of Eighteen. Assurances have been given that
a fair investigation will be made, that no snap judg
ment will be taken upon any contested point and that
every protest sustained by written affidavits will be
fairly and fully considered. That is all the honest
Republicans of the city ask for. Herrin and Crim
mins and Kelly virtually admitted their inability to
get a majority of the honest votes of the party when
they resorted to the tactics that distinguished them
at the primaries. A full investigation will prove that
the victor)' of the better elements of the party has
been confused only by cheating, repeating, stuffing
and ballot-box smashing. The bosses who instigated
such offenses should not be permitted to profit by
them.
What has taken place both in the Republican and
in the Democratic primaries in this city is convincing
proof of the need of a primary law, and decent men
of all parties should unite to bring about the enact
ment of one at the coming session of the Legisla
ture. That much should be registered in the public
mind now. Under such conditions as prevail there
must be some safeguard for the rights of honest men
at primary elections, and such safeguards can be given
only Iry law. «
"Hie FIGHT AGAINST FRAUD.
t —
BAD as is the confusion which the combined
bosses succeeded in bringing about at the Re
publican primaries, there are good reasons for
expecting that order and justice will be brought out
of it by the firm action of the Committee of Eighteen
appointed by the County Committee to act as a re
turning board and eliminate fraud from the returns
wherever fraud can be proven.
stronger elements of people of the South have, for
one reason or another, tolerated their crimes. If now
the punishment of lynchers in Texas means that these
elements are going to stand for justice hereafter, the
worst of the barbaric lynching that, has shocked the
nation may be over. At any rate the country will
hope so, and draw the best auguries from the action
of the people and the courts in Texas. ¦
* • *
It was a pity that the Rothchild-Kohn.
wedding was such a quiet affair, for it
deprived many friends of the charming
young bride of the exquisite pleasure of
seeing her arrayed in her gorgeous wed
ding gown. The dress was ordered before
the sad and sudden death of the uncle of
the bride, when it was intended that the
wedding should match in splendor the
magnificent wedding gown. Irma had
her pick of Paris,* New York and local
dressmakers. Stfe chose San Francisco,
and the result did credit to her rare good
sense, splendid judgment and exquisite
THERE are three brand new cribs In
town and In their downy lace
trim mqd, berlbboned depths three
brand new babies repose. The Henry
Crockers are rejoicing over a little girl
baby; Jlmmie Flood and his young bride
are happy over the advent of a tiny, rosy
bit of femininity; but th'e joy of the
Crockers and of the Floods is a compara
tively mild affair compared to the glor
ious happiness in the Shortridge apart
ments at the Palace Hotel, " where the
first crib holds the precious form of Sam
uel M. Jr. ¦
Little Samuel M. made his first appear
ance in the Shortridge apartments on
Sunday evening a week ago, at exactly
five minutes before seven. In less than
an hour conscientious Samuel M. senior
had immortalized the grea't register of
the hotel by adding to the list of new ar
rivals the name of Samuel M. Jr. Then
he added unto himself several Inches of
chest measurement and a becoming pa
rental dignity, went back to his rooms,
weighed his son, tested his lungs, decided
what profession little Sam should adopt
and then went out and opened any quan
tity of wine, in which the health of the
new arrival was drunk by almost every
prominent man in town.
I saw the new papa on Monday. He
was flooding the country with telegrams
telling of the wonderful new baby.
"Say, you ought to hear him," he said.
"I have decided that he is to be an ora
tor, but I am afraid nature intended him
for an auctioneer."
"Is he pretty?" I queried.
"Pretty!" . he echoed, and then ha
beamed as that tall fellow always does
when he speaks of his adored wife.
"Pretty!" said he. "I should say so.
Blue eyes— Just looks like his mother."
* * *
Monday was a gala night at the Colum
bia Theater, and surely Henry Miller in
all his triumphant tour as Sidney Carl
ton never faced a more brilliant or better
dressed audience. I thought that Mrs.
Joe Tobin was the best dressed woman
in the house. Those who did not agree
with me admitted readily enough, how
ever, that she certainly was the most at
tractive. She had on a gorgeoous pink
gown of some soft clinging flimsy ma
terial, and I'd be afraid to say how very
many yards the finely accordion pleated
skirt must have consumed. .The bolero
and tabs of ecru lace gave a decided In
dividuality to the gown, and the black
velvet hat with long drooping plumes
that Mrs. Tobln wore with the dress just
lent the right picturesque touch to a
"smashing" ensemble.
Miss Agnes Tobin, who was also In the
Tobin box; had on a particularly Frenchy
pale blue with pink roses.
Sally Sharp Gushes a Bit foi
Over New Society Babies
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, AUGUST 27, 1900.
In compary ¦with the late J. R. Osj-no \
I once of an cver.ing dropped in at Wa'
lack'9 old Fourteenth-street Theater. Wg
could get no seats, as there was standing
room only. At tre end of the first act tvr n
orchestra seats -vere vacant In front, ard.
we walked down and took them. Barely
were we seated when two gentlemanly
lookinp young iaen came down the aisle
and addressed n*
"Beg pardon, but have you checks ft?
those seats?" /
I was on the point of risjrtg when O.tJ
good replied, "to, have you%" "~
They hadn't. It was rnerei^a hit of 8u_
preme bluff. Bit how few would have had
the readiness *> meet and parry it—John
Paul in Harpe's Magazine.
As Illustrative of ready wltteil men, r,
recall an Incident that I have often to! ( j
but never published. Let me do that now
In Justice to one that is gone.
If there he one thing that I more than
another admire it is the having one's wit 3
about one— perhaps because I never ha<t
mine. To be possessed only of l'esprit
d'escaliers is Fimply an aggrn\-ation.
PRESENCE OP MIND.
MRS. SAMUEL M. SHORTRIDGE.
4
AUCTION SAUES.
By Chafe & Mcr.Jenha'!— This day, Draft Horses, at 1732
Market street.
Tivo!!— "The Masked Ball."
Airazar — "Frou Frou."
Columbia— "The Only Way."
Orjihoum — Vaudeville.
Grand O;«-ra-h0U£e— "The Silver Kins. *
Olympia. corner Mason and Eddy streets— Speciaitles.
. Chutes. Zo<> and The aur— Vaudeville every afternoon ani
«veri!r>£.
KiFchfr'F — Vaudeville.
Alta Theater. Grove St.— "East Lynne."
Sherman-Clay Hail— l'alcir.a Bchruun, Wednesday aiter-
Jioon, August 23.
£fccnnan-Ciay Hall— Seng Recital, Tuesday evening, Septem-
ber «.
Sutro Eaths— Oj>en nlchts.
State Fair, Sacramento — September 3 to 13.
AMUSEMENTS.
Cal. glace fruit 60c per tt> at Townsend's.*
Special information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 61§ Mont-
gomery Bt- Telephone Main 1042. " •POPULAR SOCIETY MAN
CLAIMED BY THE STAGE
Oscar Franck, Barytone, Is to Support Ferris
Hartman in "Ship 'Ahoy."
Hermann YVhitaker delivered a lecture
on "The Development of the Socialist," un
der the auspices of the Social Democratic
party In Turk-street Templo last night.
The hall was well filled and the speaker's
remarks excited much applause, lln drew
a glowing picture cf a socialistic Utopia,
which, he declared, it must be the ambi
tion of every thorough socialist to seek.
Told How Socialists Are Made.
Miss Hattie Murray Claims Rings.
The two rings received In a letter Friday
by Captain Seymour from an anonymous
writer were claimed yesterday by Miss
Hatti<* Murray. 1502 Leavenworth street.
She left tht'm on Julv l in the ladles' wait
ing-room at the Tiburon ferry. She haa
taken them oft, as they were hurting her
fingers, and went away forgetting about
them.
BARGAIN FIGURES.
"Pleaaqsend ra<s a check." she wrote;
"I want t> net a few bargains."
And hel away tp in the north woods,
•eat her tjebeck for |ia 93.-Chicairo News.
In Siberia acetylene gas is largely us«d
to llirht up various operations along the
rail way. line, where work la caxried on at
nlffbt.
HISTORY AND THE GAME LEG.
In a certain skirmish a Colonel ¦
(general lie came to call himself; got a
silght scratch on his leg. The wound was
a matter of great glory to him. and lie
nursed it through after days, growing
lamer with every year, thstt the memory
cf hi3 bravery might over be near him.
One day. late in his life, as he sat
nursing his. leg 'and -pondering over tho
glorious past, a young man. visiting the
family for the first time, approached and
sympathetically remarked:
"Lame, general?"
"Yes,- sir." after a pause and with in
expressible solemnity, "I am lame."
"Been riding, sir?**
"No." with rebuking sternness, "I have
not been riding." «
"Ah, slipped on the ice. general?"
"No, sir." with actual ferocity.
"Perhaps, then, you have sprained your
ankle, sir?"
.With a painful slowness the old mar.
lifted his pet leg in Loth hands, set it
carefully on . the floor, rose slowly, from
his' chair, and, looking down upon the
unfortunate youth wka mingled pity and
wrath, burst forth In the sublimity of
rage: • '--.'¦¦¦ • -
••Go -read '< the history of your country,
you puppy!"— Exchange.
ACKNOWLEDGES THAT HE
• INTENDED TO SWINDLE
Henry Martin of Nome Got His Ideas
From Work Done in
Seattle.
Hpnry Martin, the man from Nome, who
was arrested Saturday by Detectives Dil
lon and Crockett on suspicion of attempt
ing to swindle: people by means of adver
tisements for "fake" positions, was in
terviewed by Captain Seymour yesterday,
lie admittea that his scheme was a fraud,
but denied having received any money
through It. He. got the idea while he was
In Seattle, wb«rc the same scheme is be
ing carried r>n successfully.
Martin said he had an interest in a
grocery at Nome, lie brought with him
*.."/i in gold dust, as he was intending' to go
to New York 10 consult an oculist. He
was one of Hie victims in a big snowelide
in Alaska and lost the sight of an eye.
Ho was afraid he v/as going to lose the
sight of the other eye. lie was also par
tially praiyzed in his limbs.
If no one comes forward to-day to pre
fer a charge against him for obtaining
money by lalse pretenses Martin will be
released from custody.
. - /1TH somewhat the same sensation of unpardonable enjoyment that the
III small boy feels when, a wasp approaches the minister's nose during a
III lon^ sermon on a hot summer's day, the unrcgenerate opera-goer wel-
comes those occasional Intermezzos that relieve the deadly seriousness
of that most glaringly serious of all serious things — grand opera, as It
Is known to-day.
In the short season that has run so far at the Tivoll Incidents innumerable
"not on the programme," comic, pathetic and otherwise, have delighted the
said unregenerate person ¦with the opera habit. little lapses Into dally life
have shocked the artificial dwellers of opcraland Into a grateful momentary
reality, by contrast irresistibly comic; the always happening unexpected has
happened with unfailing unexpectancy: and it has been a cold night when
some unrehearsed diversion could not be counted upon for welcome distrac
tion from the merry footlightera at the Tivoli.
Russo, the little master of the mezzo voce, Is one of the greatest sinners—
or saviors, as one regards it— In this connection. Who among those who heard
It will forget the grateful relief from the hysteric strain of the last act of
"Rlgoletto" afTorded by the amusing interpolation of the Duke of Mantua, as
edited by Signnr Russo?
At an "inn in a desert spot, near the banks of the river Minclo." the Duke
of Mantua, obligingly enticed by the brigand's sister. Maddalena. to his
death at the hands of Rlgoletto, sings in the meantime with the lady the
charming duct "Donna e Mobile."
To distinguish the couple from the would-be duklcide. Rigoletto. and his
Injured daughter, who are outside of the Inn, the limelight is thrown on the
Duke and his Maddalena. Slgnor Russo, modestly objecting to the glare of
publicity, like a modern Joshua, commanded the mimic sun to take itself off.
with all the vivid effectiveness of gesture natural' to the Italian among peo
ples. The man at the meter, with the readiness at "gag" common among tho
Tlvolians, compiled, with .the' unexpected request and the crowd scttlod down
to the menu of murder to follow. But It was not so to be, without a still
more amazing Interruption, for Slgnor Russo. slightly Intoxicated with his
triumph over the lime-light man. and a little dangerous knowledge of Eng
lish, called down to Maddalena in a mellifluous tenor voice from the upstairs
room of thp inn. into which he had retired for safety— "I will leave my home
happy for you-oo-oo-oo!"
The little tenor was also the hero of the comic opera conflagration that
took place at th? Tivoli on the first night of "MIgnon" this last week. At
the end of the second act the new and handsome tapestry curtain, lent to
the management for the season by Henry Miller, caught the footlights and
two slim tongues of fire leaped to the flies. The stape {revelers rushc<i for
ward to reassure the audience, and Russo. who as AVilhclm Meistcr had just
been fencing with Frederick, sprang at the flames with his foils, and the
rather alarming incident ended In a gale of laughter and thunders of ap
plause for the plucky little Don Quixote.
As regards Russo's knowledge. of English, a pretty story is told. Signora
Russo Is a sweet and pretty American girl, and last year there was no Signora
Russo. As Slgnor Russo speaks very little English and the Signora less
Italian, a curious friend Inquired how they had made love under the clr
cumstances." "Love no language needs," the gallant littler tenor replied,
hand on heart. %'/--.
When the shell couch of \ enus upset last Wednesday evening, turning a
double somersault in the Bacchanalian revels of the first act of "Tann
hauser" It was not to be attributed to an excess of imaginative faculty on
the. stage manager's part, but to another of those intermezzos for which the
Wagnerlan music-drama offers such an Irresistibly tempting foil.
And when the young shepherd, piping away upon the rocks, by grace of
Mr. Newbauer In the orchestra below, forgot to pipe wh,en pipe he should, the
whole irresponsible attention of the delighted audience was directed to the
expected next break In th« connection. Shades of Wngncr!
But there is another side. Those who heard the brilliant mad scene of Re
petto's Lucia will hardly believe that after It the" singer was received fainting
into the arms of those who stood behind the wings. And those who were dis
appointed in the Tannhauser of Avedano on Wednesday evening will not
think his defection so strange when they learn that he had just received the
news of a beloved father's death before going on to sing. He will again sing
his part to-morrow evening, and it la sometimes well to remember that every
thing Is "not onthe programme."
PLAlf TO SEIZE JIANILA.
Department Makes Public Letters
Found Among the Effects of
General Bicart.
WASHINGTON. Aug. 26.— The War De
partment hajs made public letters found
among thf papers of General Rlcartf re
cently arrorted by the police near Manila,
Amors them is an un.sismed letter in re
gard to an attack on Manila in January.
l^v). it states that the reason for not
rarryirij* out thr> proposed attack was be
cause of the. small number of resolute
r>ersorf ftatlonrd at the gates and because
Ocnfral Otis had Rone aboard a ship in
M&uila Bay. Another attack was planned
V.ut not carrid out because !h*» "enemy '
made a careful search of the city as a re
pult of disturbances the previous day.
The letter advises another attack and out
lines tho following plan:
"*V> r»^crult In vour command cf South Luzon
MM tn«-n of dariixr and rtea'iln^Es. These will
r"rjt«T th* walled city arnvd with knives. The
entrance of thin number of m?n will be effected
r'uri-r a t*>riod ft about lhr«« we*-ks; it will
SjTxw raW to «lrt It nn-1 I *hall undertake to
list*- th'-rn'ln safe ji!arf>» wWl« the rest are
irrviing' an<J a* *onn as they ¦» Krt In I shall
civ# the ncr-wary Instruction* to direct an<|
frrTnge for co-op* ration in the blow on the salj
i«->fnt. the trailed <"4ty.
After making FUjrgfstions as tn the rais
•-;£ of funds the letter continues:
At tkf rsm* time, with all dii- h< J[>' ir ™*
r-Mvet. I info-rn you. c*-neral. that It »my
f"£uj twlW that to receive a favorable term -
rai"n cf iMs prrsent campaign, in wWch we
lut > r defeat continually, not tha! any one
U it much imiwrtane*. but they diminish the
dUV^ of^ £e Vilipinc. to r.«J"»e with tbe «»«-^
rarv » r .lor tlv lonced-for liberty ht><1 inOe-
K "' out dew country; there 1, no other
Uv • f matolni this than by carrying ..ut the
l!c»- n the Htv of Manila, since that me. e of
Un<l. urroun-ie.1 v.ith l.iKh *r1 BMlJWJM^
fUburlv. fcr |a an the foreigners live in theta we
FhaU b* forced to havr direct relation* w.tli
th'm. :<t. ceneral. I «Rree with :*rsons ol
creator alllity than I that the burnfn* «r a
few lore-Ti c-OTTim-rclal establishments will be
tufflCent't,. piie a new color to the present
rr,tical <• nation* in the Philir?in^ but yer
nit rn*. • neral. to *t*t«» my case brleliy. how
tvou'.d th* f.-*-pj*nieni and the Americans come
to en arriirnTifBt In r^srard t.> the damaKe
and prOuO f «cb a conflagration would cause
t!-e f:r*t Kow would tve find out their aprce
rrent? If ie property of the fnrelsr.er* I*
burned • T ><3 riOthinK more Is done we «-ns»H not
obtain their valuable aid; we *hali never pet
It but if in addition we nuccted In obtainlnK
r«WEfc6r!on of the i>ald walled city, then with
our btite not >- erect »'f <ain dema-nd what we
want ct them and of the enemy, because the
fir*t will hav» to submit to our authority at,
foon &a -we cat dominate the place where they
are.
I tUtP ail thl., cenera!, for your opinion, bo
thst If Jou approve It I can proceed to make
the necrtsary preparations and arranire fairly
<J«-nnltelj1 the movements to take place In the
various Jaces ani the proper *fimal*. I hop?.
prneraJ. *wt you will approve thin plan, whlrh
J* r,ne o'ltJn* pro-Te of th« ardent patriotism
of this, jiur huml> subrudinate.
The Building Trades Council and the
Millmf-n's Union have both ignored the
resolution passed by the Builders' Ex
change which condemned the interference
of the council in the contest between the
mlllmen and the millowners. No official
notice of the lesolutlon has been taken
by either organization. '; '.' •
The leaders of the union say that the
consideration of the subject by the Build
ers' Exchange was entirely gratuitous.
Somo of the millowncrs are members of
the exchange, which pretended to act as
a disinterested party, seeking the best In
terests of the city.
While the millowners are holding out
with apparently no signs cf weakening,
the mlllmen are cheerful and confident of
speedy victory. Not a single man among
the strikers has applied for the strike ben
efit of $G per week, to which they have
all been entitled since tfie end of the first
week of the strike, a fact which shows
how well able the men were to enter upon
a period of enforced Idleness.
"The result of this contest will be," a
member of the Building Trades Council
said last evening, '"that many of the small
mills will be forced out of business. That
is what the large mills are playing them
for. Tho small fellows, with high rents
and heavy mortgages, cannot stand the
strain very long. Hoopor, Crooker. Han
sen, Young. Kendall. NIehaus
and others of the big millowncrs will keen
them in tho association up to the point
where they will have to dispose of their
mills. After that elimination Is accom
plished the big owners will yield grace
fully to our demands tar an eight-houi
riay. with the provision that we prot«vt
them apalnst the competition of outside
mills. Then they will havn the trade 01
the city right In their hands and will be
able to maintain a combination to rcsu
late prices."
The millmon point out two possible
means that may be employed by them If
the contest drans along and becomes a.
fight to th.fi <leath. One is to start a mill,
to be managed nnd manned by their own
men. Th;it could bf> done by a small out
lay of capital, as there are several plan
ing mill plants that could be secured by
them by )t:sise. One enterprising; millman
has solved the problem for himself by se
curing a ''sticker" and going to work for
himself. He has more orders than he can
till and will probably soon become an em
ployer himself.
The other means referred to is an np
peal to the American Federation of Labor
to secure the ro-operation of the kindrea
organizations In Australia and other for
eign countries to which mill work is»
shipped from San Francisco. If that were
done the building trades unions there
would refuse to handle mill work sent
from the San Francisco mills until the
contest here Is settled. The local organi
zations do not expect to have to resurt to
such extreme measures, however, and
they are only mentioned by the working
men as possibilities.
Two Weapons May Be Employed if
Mill-Owners Hold Out Long
Against the Union's
MILLMEI IGNORE
RESOLUTION Of
JHE BUILDERS
Regard It Only as Inter
ference by Interested
A serious affair at the Presidio yester
day v.as only prevented by the sol
diers' enforced habit of obeying: their
officers. A game of baseball between
a team put forward by a bitters
company and men from the Fifth
Infantry was wound up in tho fifth
inning by one of the soldiers striking an
outsider r.amed Samuels, who had vol
unteered his opinion as to the justness
of a decisio'n rendered by the umpire. The
decision was in favor of the civilian team
and th'at. coupled with the fact that the
soldiers happened to be on the losing end,
was more than the boys in blue could
stand. The catcher of tho soldiers' nine
lf-t fly his husky right and connected
with the Jaw of Samuels. In a moment
the field was a mass of struggling sol
diers and civilians. The rest ot the visit
ing: team stayed by their champion man
ufully. but they were overpowered in the
twinkling- of an eye and were being very
roughly handled when two lieutenants
appeared on the scene.
An order issued by the officers quelled
the disturbance immediately. Samuels
was escorted from the grounds and the
soldiers ordered to their quarters. The
game, however , was indefinitely post
poned, as it was thought unsafe to allow
the teams to tini.sh. Several black eyes
and a great number of bruises were the
results of the melee.
The Secretary of War has issued an
order directing that all troops under
orders for China be paid for one month
in advance. This applies to the men
leaving up to October 1.
Steward Mutton, who hns been con
nected with the general hospital at the
Presidio since its completion, has been
detached from there and will go to the
Philippines on the Rcsecrans. The stew
ard is one of the most popular men con
nected with the institution and his de
parture 13 Breatly regretted by the pa
tients and his many friends.
More assistant surgeons from different
parts of the country have been ordered
to report to the general hospital and
await transportation abroad.
Incipient Riot Quslled by Appearance
of Commanding- Officers — More
Doctors Ordered to
Philippines.
Ball Players, Angered at a
Close Decision, Object
to Interference.
CIVILIANS AMD
SOLDIERS EIGHT
AT PRESIDIO
An army captain, whose name the po
lice refuse to divulge, has been missing
from his post since Friday and an ener
petic search If "ocing made for him. He
left the Presidio in citizen's clothes and
in a ?obcr condition. His wife remains
at the post, but Fince his sudden depart
ure nothing has been heard from him.
Laet evening Lieutenant Davis of the
miffing man's company with another
army officer applied to the police for as-
Eistaace In searching the tenderloin dis
trict for their superior officer. They
Etated that he had discarded his uniform
<n Friday and came to this city. He was
sohfT at the time. His wife has had us
word from him since.
The Morgue records were searched, as
it iv:»s furmised that the man might hav«
taken his own life, but the bony of no
unknown man had been received at
That institution within the last two days.
The search made by the police lasted
•until an early hour tnis morning, but so
far as known nothing developed from It.
The police refuse to give out the cap
tain's name. , '¦
From what the missing- man s brother
officers have raid there is probably a story
cf considerable consequence behind the
disappearance.
The Soldier Doffs His Military Uni
form, and Leaves the Presidio.
Has Been Kissing Since
Friday.
Police Assist in Search for
Officer Who3e Name
They Suppress.
ARWIY CAPTAIN
MYSTERIOUSLY
DESERTS POST
vear, when we hope also to encore Mr.
"Miller to whom a vote of thaMks for the
introduction of this admirably series of
"armchair travels" to San Francisco 13
due - ... '
Tho Tivoll will turn again U> the ever
popular Verdi this week with "The
Masked Ball," which will alternate with
"Tannhauser," repeated by request of the
large numbers unable to obtain seats last
week. Russo will appear as Ricardo. 1< er
rarl as Renato. Anna Llchter as Amelia
and Repetto and Politini as the page
Oscar, and Ulrica, respectively.
• • •
AT THE THEATERS
f .
¦
5O-NIGHT the tenth and farewell
week of the Henry Miller season be
gins at the Columbia Theater, and
"The Only Way," the greatest suc
cess of this most successful season,
will be repeated. There will be the usual
matinees on Wednesday and Saturday,
and the last performance will take place
on Saturday evening next. On Monday,
September 3, Clay Clement and L. R.
Stockwell will presenf'A Great Obstacle,"
adapted from Charles Dickens' and Wilkle
Collins' "No Thoroughfare."
* • •
Last evening the concluding lecture of
the Burton Holmes series on the "Ha
waiian Islands" was given to a larger
audience than has yet testified its appre
ciation of these most interesting and val
uable talks. It Is to hoped that the. prom
ising 1 Increase of audience may .persuade
the management to repeat the course next
Henry Arthur Jones' romantic melo
drama, "The Silver King." is the week's
bill at the Grand Opera-house. \\ ilton
Lackaye will appear in the nf.me role as
Wilfred Denver, Mary Van Euren as Nel
lie Denver, Henry Roberts as Jaikes and
Harrington Reynolds in the grateful part
of "The Spider. "^ m #
The California Theater Is dp.rk for this
and the week following. On Monday, Sep
tember 10, the Azzali Italian Opera Com
pany, from Milan, will open with a per
formance of "Forza del Destine."
* * •
"Frou Frou," at the Alcazar Theater,
will close the Florence Roberts season.
Beginning Monday. September 3, the Alca
zar will open a new season with sev
eral new players. Dorothy Dow for lead
ing woman. Howard Hall leading man,
Bert Young and Polly Stockwell.
• * •
The Yoscary troupe, "direct from the
Winter Garden, Berlin." Lavender and
Thomson, and the musical Tobins head
the Orpheum"s new bill.
Fischer's Concert House announces for
the week Hadley ami Hart. Vic W« Guion,
Maud Still. Brook Eltrym, Eudora Foxde
and Little Verna Felton.
* * *
Kalacratus, the juggler. Basco and Rice.
Conradi's living: statuary are the week's
attraction at the Olympta.
• • ? •
The Chutes and Zoo have Baby Roland.
La Llsta, (Jannon and Scabury on their
bill.
CHARACTERS OF THE OPERA
ARE BUT HUMAN AFTER ALL
THE stage has claimed another society favorite, but It Is a man this time.
Oscar Franck, popular In local society circles, and whose splendid barytone
voice has been heard at all the swell club jinks and entertainments for the
last few years, is about to make a professional debut. After refusing
manv offers to go on the stage, he has finally been induced to' take the Im
portant step. He has been engaged to support Ferris Hartman In the coming
elaborate production of "Ship Ahoy," making a professional appearance at the
Alhambra on September 6.
Franck possesses a sweet barytone voice, which together with his easy stage
presence, should win him as many honors In the professional arena as It has
at the many society and club functions he has attended in this city. As Toddles
In "Ship Ahoy" he Is afforded splendid opportunities for showing off his clev
erness. Franck has a very large following in this city and his friends are plan
ning a big reception for him on the opening night.
railroad ¦will, of course, change these very
rapidly, and the time to go there is before
the whistle of the locomotive awakens the
natives from their lethargy.
"Quito is a city of SO.O00 inhabitant?,
with fifty Catholic churches. In that pop
ulation there are fifty people who can
speak English sufficiently to be under
stood, and but three Americans. Recently
three American missionaries went to
Quito proselyting. They were mobbed and
nearly lost their lives. However, they
stuck to their chosen task, and are now
In the country under the protection of the
government. At the present time there is
not a Protestant church in the city, and
It will be a long time before one Is es
tablished. My wife came out with me
over the trail on muleback and made the
record ride for a woman, namely. SOU miles
In eight days, over the most dangerous
trail In the country."
General Sampson Is a resident of Phoe
nix. Arizona. He is the first citizen of a
territory to be appointed to a position of
the grade within a period of sixty years.
He was in the consular service under
President Harrison in Mexico, and served
r.s Attorney General in Colorado. He la
past commander of the Grand Army of
the. Republic of Arizona.
MINISTER TO ECUADOR
TALKS OF COMMERCE
General Sampson Sees Business for Cali
fornia in the Pending Treaty.
GENERAL ARCHIBALD J. SAMP-;
SON. Minister Plenipotentiary and I
Envoy Extraordinary to the Re- I
public cf Ecuador, arrived here
yesterday on the German steamer Tanis
ft the Cosmos line, and is domiciled with
friends. The high official is- direct from
the capital of Ecuador and is quite en
thused over the prospects of largely in
creasing trade with the people of the
southern republics.
General Sampson states that before he
left Quito he completed the negotiation
Ol a reciprocity treaty with the Govern
ment of Ecuador which will be of especial
benefit to California. This treaty is now
lc f. cre !, he Congress of that country and
will undoubtedly be ratified.
It appears that the export of flour and
vrjne will b«? especially fostered under the
lf eat> / Vino Is in excellent demand and
flour is 125 per 103 pound?. This excessive
rnce is oue to the high import duty and
the fact that all supplies have to be pack-
T - he cSty of Wuito over a aifficult
irau zu miles up into the Andi-F, to an
PjMtude of 10.000 foet. There is great
for the development of a large
t-xport trade from this port to that coun
try. t>ea transportation is now available
and wnl Improve in quality and price,
and a railroad is now in course of con
struction from «iuavaquil to Quito, at a
coft of J17.5yJ.000. 1 ais capital Is being
supplied by American and Knclish capi
talists who think they see great profits
in the investment. The line has been con-
Ftructed for sixty miles and it is expect
ed that the work will be completed In two
>«*ars. The construction is in charge of
Archer Harmon, an American, represent
:-e New York capital.
"¦Tne experience of Ecuador," said the
eminent gentleman, speaking of the Pres
idential election in this country, "is quite
interesting in connection with the silver
c;'.ie?tion. The silver basis has been given
a lonjc and thorough trial and was found
wanting, and tho country has now defi
nitely determined to go to the gold stand
ard in November next. President Alfaro
confidently looks for highly beneficial re-
Fults from the chance, notwithstanding
its radical nature. I have no doubt that
peneral prosperity will follow as soon as
tne country shall have adjusted itself to
the now conditions.
"Ecuador is marvelously rich, not only
!n her natural but in cultivated products,
produces two-thirds of the cocoa of
the world, and her products include rub
ber, supax. tobacco, ivory, nuts and fruits
of the temperate and tropic zones in the
greatest profusion. "When it comes to
mineral*-'. th«* country Is rich both in gold
and silver. There is certainly a fine field
for American capital In. that region. If it
Is properly directed. The advent of the
Impressive were the ceremonies inci
dental to the rededication of the Temple
Beth Israel en Geary street, celebrated
yesterday afternoon.
To the crowd that filled every available
inch of room in the sacred edifice several
changes were apparent in mural decora
tions and interior arrangement. The
fine organ has been removed from
the north end to the south end
of the building and now occupies
a ugsition above the sacred ark. A
great improvement in the acoustics of the
building has been effected by this arrange
ment. The new fresco work called forth
much admiration from the congregation.
It is by the well-known artist, M. J. Lyon.
The rinest individual piece of work Is a
representation of. the Ark of Testimony,
which is placed at the end of the southern
aisle.
The seating capacity of the building has
also been enlarged, the auditorium now
affording accommodation for 3oO more per
sons than formerly. Four capacious new
schoolrooms have been added in the base
ment. -\ /
At 2:30 o'clock the services were opened
by the ceremony or' the unbarring of the
Eate. Rabbi Levy of tne Congregation
lieth Israel, alter knocking twice uii the
main entrance, chanted in ueurew tne
words, "open Unto Me the Gates of
Righteousness," to which the cantor and
choir replied, "This Is the Gate of the
Lord, Let the Righteous Knter."
The door was then opened and a pro
cession formed by the rabbis in tun can
onicals. The lead was taken by a choir
of twenty little girls from the confirma
tion class of l'JOO. 1 hen came Rabbis M.
S. Levy, Jacob _ Voorsanger, J. Nieto,
Jbidore Myers, M. Friedlunacr and Cantor
J. Rabinovritz. The rear post of honor was
composed of S. Mayerson, acting presi
dent in place of M. iierzog, who is in Eu
rope, and H. Levy, acting vice president.
The choir, composed of Miss Grace Da
vis, Miss Alma lierglund and Miss L.
Ko«?der, sopranos; Miss Kdith Hanks and
Mrs. II. Friedberg. contraltos; J. F- Ve
aco and D. Lawrence, tenors; J. C.
Hughes and S. J. Sandy, bassos; Dr.
Franklin Palmer, organist, rendered fine
selections. The Rev. Mr. Voorsanger then
addressed the congregation. He congratu
lated them on the improvements they had
wrought in their place of worship. The
labbi also pleaded tor the strict observ
ance of orthodox Judaism combined with
the advancing spirit of the times. Such, a
combination, he said, could not but result
in Just such a work as they had assembled
to view and dedicate.
The Rev. M. S. Levy also delivered a
short address paying a graceful compli
ment to those who had been instrumental
in accomplishing the work. He said:
"To those who have so faithfully and
zealously worked on the various commit
tees to whose efforts this congregation is
earnestly Indebted, I must tender my
htarty and heartfelt thanks. As I look
at the brethren assembled here I feel that
your prayers must go up to-day, as do
mine, to make this place of worship the
abode, the lasting abode, of orthodox Ju
daism, the Judaism which has been the
backbone of our race through countless
PgPS."
The services closed with .1 benediction
by the Rev. Dr. M. Friedlandcr.
Splendid Service of Song and Formal
Procession of Babbis in Full
Canonicals Render the
Day Memorable.
With Impressive Services
the Renovated Church
Is Reoccupied.
REDEDICAT10N
OF THE TEMPLE
BETH ISRAEL
THE SAN -FB ANCISCof CALL, MONDAY, AUGUST 27, 1900.
GEN Kit AX. ARCHIBALD J.
N SAMPSON.
OSCAR FRANCK.
5
TELEPHONE GRANT 33.
*^3& do.«*
SPECIAL REDUCTIONS
MONDAY— TUESDAY- -V/ZQMESDAY
Butter, "Verybest Creamery" 37- 1 . square
We guarantee every square. Last week. SOc.
Malt Breakfast Food, "New" pkg 15c
For the first time the virtues of malt ar?
made available in a breakfast cereal. En-
dorsed by Webster Kdgerly. president flat-
ten Health Club. Try It at our store —
FREE.
Kona Coffee, Roasted and Ground, Ib 20c
New shipment of a superior quality from
Sandwich Islands.
Colgate's Toilet Water 8-oz bot 70c
Nine different odors. Regular S0<?.
Almond Grater, "l-a" 93c
Best grater made. Regularly Jl 13.
Mait Whisky, "Acnn" bet 75c
Distilled from pure barley malt.
Regularly Kc.
Table Oilcloth
Best quality marbleized black, blue or gold
vein.
1U yd3 wide. re*. 3Ce 2.»c
1V4 yds wide. reg. 40c SOc
Egg Lifter 5 c
Handy for boiling eggs. Regularly 10c.
Cal. Brandy, choice bot 75c
3 bottles. $2.OO; gallon. *3.O<>.
Absolutely pure and well matured.
Regularly Jl bottle. Jl gallon.
Antiseptic Toothpicks, "New"
pkg 5c, 10c, 50c
Prevents decay of teeth.
Hamamelis, Extract Witch Haze!
Heals all sores and bruises.
U pint. Pint. Quart.
ISO 23c ion
Olive Crackers, "Something n;w," lb40c
Huntley & Palmer. London.
A dainty cracker, used with olives.
Tomato Mustard bet 20c
Very piquant. Kegularly 23c.
Hacker's Farina pkg 10c
Wholesome and nutritious for lnvaltds and
Infants.
Bouillon Capsu!es, Anker's box 25c
One capsule makes a cup of delicious beef
tea. Regularly 30c.
Riesl'ng, "Cabinet" 65c
An old fine white wine, regularly J!.
Vermoulh Chanragne Cocktail
Imported from France. Entirely new on
this cost st.
T. P. Smith & Co., New York, sole
agents. United State?.
Vi pint, regularly 7T,c OOc
IMnt. repularly Jl.^i $1.«K>
CIGARS.
As direct Importers we retail at wholesale
prices.
Country orders solicited.
Catalogue for the asking— free.
No More Dreid of the Dental Chair
TEETH EXTRACTED ANP nLLED AB-
SOL17TELY WITHOUT PAIN, ty our U'e
KclrntlSc method applied to tbe (,-unu. N'o
eleep-produclnit agents or cocaine.
These are th? only dental parlors In San
Francisco having PATENTED APPLIANCES
nnd ingredients to extract, fill and apply ito'rt
crowns and porcelain crowns undetectable frotn
natural teeth, and warranted tor ten years.
WITHOUT THE LEAST PAIN. Full *et of
teeth *5: a perfect fit guaranteed or no pay.
CSold crewns. J5. Gold filllr.st. Jl. Silver 011-
lnK!>. POc. All work done by GRADUATE DKN-
TIFTS of from II to 20 years* experience, an.1
each department In charge of a specialist. Uiv*
us a rail, and you will find us to do exastlv
aa we advertise. We will tell you In advanr*
eTactlv what your work. will cost by a FK£E
EXAMINATION.
New York Denial Parlors,
723 Market Street,
SAN FRANCISCO.
MAIN OFFICE PORTLAND. OR.
BRA XCH SEATTLE. WASH.
irf^SV I not bellere thera
" a case of dyspep-
JFwsZSSSk&yL 6iaf indl *sestion cr
flny gtQjjjppjj troubh
£&€ _^^? that cannot be rt-
t^ *^«ewLi.*' J^>^' lioved at once antl
lw **vi*v£$i£f permanently curod
\: J? r^T by my DYSPEPSIA
_>W^^aj,'r«iN v At all drcjgists,
•KnJ^Srljfep^v 23e. a vial. Guide
- §!£*$&££&*%& to Health and ra^Ji-
¦ 1 | Y' ca ' ndTice free>. 1503
v ' Arch street, Phila.
'_ i
20 % Cut,
Including Lemalres, with and without handles.
Oculists" prescriptions filled. Factory on
preantses. Quick r?i>aiiing. 1'hnw. UalD 10.
OPTICIAN54h 0I >^^w.
642 Market 5t. iNSTRUMtNTs j
unde3 r >j >''""r" «im.Di" r - -ATiTfi; rr Fpf j j
t\l.W. VIGOR. VITALITY for MEN
MORMON BISHOP'S PILI.S
have b*on in use over fifty
yeaiK »>y the leaders of the
Mermen Ctktfteb and their £oi-
lowc-rs. rorltivrly cures the
wont co>i«»s in olil and yuuns
sri«ing from effects of selr-
abii!-*'. cllf«<U'Oti>)n, excesses or i
cicarett«-smoking. Cures 1-o^t '
Manhood. Impotency. Lost
l'owpr. Xight Lcssm. Insom-
nia. Fains in Hack. Kvil Peslres. Lame Hack,
Nervous IXbility. Headache. Unfitocsa to
ry. Leu of Banen. r*w Varifcct-le or «'«in-
etipati^n. St^ns r.» *^S & £ rvous Twltchln*
of F.relids. Effects & T • Immediate.
Impait vicor anf' l ' c: - ; * * to «-very
(unction. l*m't E'et despondent: a cure is at
hand, itestou-s small, tin leve!c:'»d crgana.
Stimulalc^ the l>min n:n! n»»rve ccnter«>; idc a
box; 6 for J'- «0 by ni.u!. A written guarantee to
fre?. °Arti'mi BISHOP RKMKDYiCQ.;
ft.. S;iii Framl'fo, Cal.. (JRANT DRtJQ CO..
SS and 40 Third ft.
Purely vegetable, mild and reliable. Cause
perfect digestion, complete absorption and
healthrul regularity.
For the cure of all disorders of th» Stomach,
Liver. Bowels. Kidneys. Bladder. Ftmale Ir-
regularities. Sick Headache. Biliousness. Con-
stipation. Pllea and all derangements of th»
Internal Viscera. ¦ S3c a box.* At Druggist*, or
by malL RADWAY & CO.. New Jork.
Beginning TO-NIGHT,
CH.\RI^ES FROH3IAX Presents
last urep V MTT T PP
nights nMNiiI mlLLiiiri
A-^.^r^c^ And * SPECIAL. COMPAXT.
A"fr? In the Romantic Drama, THE
ps& ONLY WAY.
Adapted by Freeman From Charles I>ick«
cn.<«' Novel.'
"A TALE OP TWO CITIES."
Farewell Performance Saturday Nizfct of Thl»
Week.
Xext Monday— CLAY CLEMEXT and I*
n. stck;kweli« vo. in "A cheat ob-
stacles
GRAND RAT.T>T OF VAUHEVILX^E'S
STRONGEST FORCES. .:
Y0SCARY~TR0UPE,
Lavendsr and Thomson, The Tobins,
NEWSKY TROUPE,
LEW HATVKI.V9 CAROLTXE FTCLI*. ARXIit
A.\T> WAQNCR, MACARTS GREAT
ANIMAL SHOW. BIOORAPH.
Reserved seat3. 2Jc; balcony. 10c; op«r& chair*
and box seats. aOc.
Matinees Wednesday. Saturday and Sunday.
CURTAIN RISES AT 8 P. 1L SHARP.
TO-NIGHT' TO-N'IGHT! TO-NIGHT!
Wednesday. Friday. Saturday Evenings. Ve»»
dl's Great Historical Opera.
"THE MASKED BALL"
"U:i BalbJoJMaschera."
Tuesday. Thursday. Sunday Nights aa<l
Saturday Matinee.
"TANNHAUSER."
Seats on Pa!* Seven Days Ahead.
POPULAR prices 2Sc and Me
Telephone Bush 9.
GRAND OPERA MOUSE
THIS EVENING.
Henry Arthur Jones' Great Drasis,
"THE SILVER KiNC
WILTON LACKAYE
As the Silver Kins.
! PRICES 10c. 15c. 23c. 50c
A few front rows la orchestra 73c
Branch Ticket Offlce^ — Emporium.
£%»*? HEATR t^A^
r^^r^^^^: LAST
ROBERTS .^c^^^^r-
beat:tiful JH 'Jb^Cd^LJ
PORTRAYAL Jjij-^Q-TJ
ONLY MATINEE SATURDAY.
Next WeeJc— DOROTHY DORR AND HOW-
ARD HALL In
"THE MASQUERADERS."
CHUTES^ and ZOO
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENDfO.
WESTON AND HERBERT, THE
2XAI.COI.MS, LORD AH3> EOWE,
BABY KTJTH, SILVIA PTJEEA-
RI ? LA LISTA, NEW MOVTNO
PICTURES.
SEABURY, Hi£h Divep.
AMATEUR iNIQHT, TEDRSDAY.
Telephone for Seats— Park 23.
Reolistic &^V|1 j/> f ij Athletes,
AND NIGHTLY,
PAIN'S SIQOO FIREWORKS
OPENS SATURDAY. SEPT. i.
And tor Two Weeks Thereafter Excepting
Sunday Night. Sept. 2.
Folsom and Sixteenth Sts. Grounds.
SEATS FOR 10.000.
. Seats and Boxes at Sherman <fe Clay"*
Beginning Next Thursday Morning-
ALTA THEATER.
tea GROVE STREET PHONE SOUTH S34,
TO-NIGHT. All This "Week. Matinees Saturday
and Sunday,
"EAST LYNNE."
Eeautlful Settlncs and Strong Cast.
PRICES— lOo. K>c. 30c
Next Week-CAPT. JACK CRAWFORD ta
His New Thrniinir Dramatized History ot His
Life ••ONjTHt: TRAIL."
SHERMAN-CLAY HALL,
ZZZ SUTTEn. ABOVE KEARNT.
TWO FAREWELL RECITALS,
Given By
PALOiVlA SGHFiAMM,
Assisted by Her Sister KARLA.
WEDNESDAY AFTKKNOOX. August Mth,
SATURDAY AFTKRNOOX. September
1st. at 1:20 p. m.
Resfn - e«l Seat* J»Oc and 75c
On Sr.l" at Sherman. Clay & Co.'s.
TJTQr'H'K'^'C; CONCERT HOUSE.
KadlcV i'n'i Hart. V!o \V. Ouinn. Maud Still,
llronk--' Eltrym. ftidcra l*or.:e. Little Verna
Felton anJ K«T» lluvtns PSttures.
n-**rv«d 8e«t». S-o: Mating. Sundar.
SUTRO n-^-^HS.
OPKN NIGHTS.
Op«i Daily From 7 a. m. to 11 p. ra.
l*athins? From 7 a. m. to 10 p. m.
ADMISSION. 10c. CHILDREN. 5c.
Rnthlnir. Including admUslon. >Jo. Children 2flc
I PALACE HOM
¦ It I» unJver-al'.T afknowl«!5ert that thes*
hotels pr,*i-e«si the attributes that appeal
to particular people— undoubted luxury ami
comiort. unsurp«»8'tl culs.a* ana *>*rv1c^
and superior appointment* ami location.
Connected by a covered passase-way and
operated untier on* manscement oa th«
American and European plans.
GRAND HOTEL
>«^330 MARKET ST.SllSSSr
ADVTSRTISEMEITTS.
AMUSEMENTS.The number of adherents of the Ortho
dox Russian Church has greatly in
creased during the past quarter of a cen
tury. In 1870 there were 48,000,000 Ortho
dox Greeks throughout the whole empire:
to-day, according to the official statistics
of "the Holy Synod, this number has In
creased to 70,000,000, or about two-thirds
of the country's total population.
Joseph Meehan, 219 Fillmore street, had
a knife wound In the chest dressed at the
Receiving Hospital yesterday. He said he
was Koingr hom» Saturday right and a
man whom he did not know Fpoke to him
at Page and Fillmore streets and askeri
the time. As Meehan was pulling out his
vnt'li the stranger struck him In the
chest with the large blade of a pocketknife
nnd then disappeared. The police have
been notified
Joseph Median Stabbed.
Considering the comparative Inexper
ience of the riders and the high wind pre
vailing the time made was creditable. San
Mateo passed over the tape first in every
relay. The trophy is a ribbon, and , tho
losing team banquets tho victors.
SAN MATEO, Augi 26.— The twenty-five
mile relay race between the Redwood City
and the San Mateo .bicycle clubs was held
to-day.. the course being from Millbrae to
a point one milo south of Old Mountain
View. The race was won by San Mateo in
one hour and twelve minutes.
Men in the Relay Race.
Clean Victory Over Redwood City
SAN MATEO WINS.
The Rlncon baseball club, composed of
members of Rincon Parlor No. 72, Native
Sons of the Golden West, has been orga
nized. The team will be made up from
A. J. Rocca, manager: E. Ford, captain;
E. Courtney, VVjIi. Arengo, J. A. McCor
mick, M. Risso.'M. Hodge, J. Welch and
F. Arengo.
Native Son Players.
J. McNamara and T. McManus 21 21 13
J. l>ool«>y and S. Garvey 16 11 21
T. Spttp« and J. Olj-nn ;i rt :i
W. Johnson and C. Mitchell 13 20 S 15
P. Basch and M. Berwin. 21 IS 21
Martin Levy and C. Basch 20 21 12
VL Dillon and P. Hutchlnson 21 21 21
G. Hutthlnson and P. Kelly IS IS U
O. R. Kayward end P. Ryan. ...21 21 11 16 21
V\\ FUber and W. H. Sie!>erst..M 10 21 21 la
____
iW. MarJire and T. Folry 21 21 15 IS 21
A. ilcVicker and T. Leach 13 16 21 21 17
J. Lawless and W. Williams 21 21 13
i V»\ \Val?h and D. Connelly .....17 12 21
F. Tihlsta and J. Menta 100 aces
K. Erro and J. Earoiberry 65 aces
J. Collins and E. Curley ......21 21 21 is
M. J. Kilgallon and J. Harlow. 12 19 13 21
Many handball games were played yes
terday at Phil Ryan's court, 83S Howard
Ftreet. The results are as follows:
G. McOonald and N. Polidorl... 21 II 21
M. McNeil and P. SIcKlnnon 14 J2 17
Handball at Ryan's Court.
/Mount Etna, the largest volcano In Eu
rope, and one of the largest in the world,
is 10,050 feet high and 90 miles in cir
cupmferencc at its base.
At the Park and Beach.
Though large crowds enjoyed the pleas
ant weather yesterday at the park and
beach, there were no accidents nor Inci
dents worthy of special mention. But one
arrest was reported by tha police during
the day and that was of a "scorcher."
A large crowd passed a pleasant day at
the Chutes. Following are the rffiulta of
the contests at Sutro's Baths:
Fifty-yard dash. Juvenile— H. Freetian first.
F. Cain second. Under-water swinmlng— J.
Eramsey first, F. Klrnan gecond. Jiving for
plate — J. O'Brien first prize, J. Erarr*ey second
prlie. C. Duke third prize. One hutured yards,
amateur — F. Wallace first, J. Joi*3 second.
Fancy diving;— F. Crowjer first priA E. Sun
berg second prize. High dlvlnjr, f>r boys— C.
Augustus first prize, K. Sunber? aioond prlz«.
Billy Abbott was resting well at the Pa
cific Hospital yesterday. He did not suf
frr much from the gunshot wound in his
back inflicted by Reno Adams, thp laun
dry *r:rl whom he lured to her ruin ana
iiirn . discarded for another. The bullet has
not yot been located, but the X-ray will
be brought into requisition and in a few
days Abbott will be back at the old stana
on the lookout for new victims.
The frofh notoriety attached to Abbott's
clive at 414 Dupont street by the shooting
¦nill probably compel the Police Commis
sioners to tske action to MOp~rtta it. Chief
SuHivan says thf-re has been a movement
on foot amonir brewers and liquor men
who supply Abbott to have the dive un
der Dew managorrtnt. as Abbott was not
makirc it pay ar well as they "xpoetf-d.
end the thooting may bring matters to a
crisiF.
The girl has not yot been released on
bonds. It is expected that Abbott will not
prosecute the c«is<e. snd that when It i«i
ra51*--d to-morrow before Judge Conlan a.
motion will be made for a dismissal if no
complaint is filed.
It Is Believed That He Will Not
Prosecute the Girl Who
oxlOt xi-lin.
D1VEKEEPER ABBOTT
WILL SOON RECOVER
In the delicacy event Everett was first
with 84 7-12 per cent. Battu second with
5>2 4-12 per cent and Young third with
82 2-li per cent.
The full list of scores follows:
In the Ions' distance event Daverkosen
made the highest score with a cast of 114
feet, Everett getting second place with a
cast of 112 feet 6 inches, Brotherton third
place with 111 feet.
In the accuracy event Young carried off
first honors with 91 4-12 per cent, Brother
ton being a close second with 91 per cent,
Huyck getting third place with 90 8-12 per
cent.
The San Francisco Flycastlng Club
held its twelfth Sunday contest at Stow
Lake yesterday. Tho attendance was good
and the weather conditions much more
favorable than on the preceding- day.
Young the Accuracy and Ev
erett Delicacy Event.
Daverkosen Wins the Long-Distance,
FLYCASTERS CONTEST
ON STOW LAKE WATERS
Closing Shooting Event of the Club
Was Held Yesterday at
Ingleside.
The CHympIcGun Club held Its final blue
rock shoot yesterday afternoon. Tho clos
ing event was a contest for the club
medal for the best average for the season.
That crack shot Clarence Nauman won
the medal with ease by a score of 48. The
members of the club claim that he is the
best all-round shot on the coast, and that
If he went Kast and participated in some
of the shooting- matches that he would
be able to hold his own with the best. The
Class- A medal was won by Fen Feuden
and the Class B went to Sloane. The re
sults yesterday at fifty bluerocks were
a 3 follows:
M O. Feudner 1111111111100111111111011
11111011:1111111111111011—4;
C Xauman liriillliuuilllllllUlll
liiiiuiiioinimunni — «x
A. J. Webb lllf'DOllOunilOllllClU
liiniiioiiniiioainm— 42
c. a. Haight liiuonniioiiimioiin
luuioumiimoiuiou— 4t
W. J. Golcher lOUlOUllHllOloniomi
lflimuouiuiuuomu— 4:
F Feudner 1111111101011111111111111
11111 lUOlllllUlllulllU— 46
1 "glade" laiOlllllojiinilllllO-MO
: 011111111111U1101U11000— 33
i S J. Seovln liiooinoioooioonooiioii
1100011110011101011111011-31
CLARENCE NAUMAN WON
OLYMPIC RACE MEDAL
There was a jnlly crowd of people from
the eld sod. at Shell Mound Park yester
day, the occasion belr.gr the tenth annual
cutinjr and reunion of the natives of the
counties Tyrcn, Fermanagh and Donegal,
Ireland. The outing was piven under the
«.U2piees of the benevolent society which
¦b*>ars the names of the three counties.
There was no end of amusement for oid
and yo-^r.jr. Aside from dancing in the
main pavilion, there were clops and rods
all day on the little dancing: platform un
der the tr*-es. Then there were races,
jumping and throwing the none with lib
oral prizes for the winners in each event.
Even the modern bicyclist had a few
chance* to win prizes. The success of the
affair is due to the following committee:
of arrangements: John Deveny, Bernard
Carman, James McLafferty, Patrick
Hurly. Felix Garman. John Quinlan.
James Mullen. John Carroll, John P.
Daley, Hugh McLaughltn.
Three Counties of Ireland.
CALIFOIIXIA YACHT CLUB-CHALLENGE RACE.
Many Matches Played by Those Pre
paring for Doubles at Del
Monte.
At a meeting of the Pacific States Ten
nis Association Saturday afternoon It
wa* decided to hold the tournament In
championship doubles at I>el Monte, Sep
tember 8, 10 and 11. On September 9 a
consolation doubles will be played. The
officers attending the meeting resolved
themselves into a committee of three to
manage the tournament, which commit
tee will consist of George F. Whitney. H.
W. Crowel! and W. B. Collier Jr. Tha
Hardy brothers will arrive here from
the East about September 1 and will de
fend their title to the coast champion
ship. II. H. Haight was appointed ref-
Ge'orpre Whitney and Robert M. Wfclt
ney will play together once again.
Many interesting matches were played
Saturday and yesterday on the California
Club courts. Robert Whitney and Dr.
Root defeated Grant Smith and W. B.
Collier Jr.. 7—5, 6—1. Dr. Root and R.
Whitney then took on Crowell and
George Whitney and beat them two out
of three sets., 8—6, S— 6. 6 — 1. Paul Jones
and P. Delafield Kahn defeated Dr. F. J.
Lane and A. Worthington, 6— t. £-3. 8— «.
Grant Smith and W. B. Collier beat H.
H Haight and Druramond McGavin.
B-^2 6—3. 3— 6. Walter McGavin played
a tie with Al Rosenberg, 3— 6. 6— 3. Harry
Haight took Drummond McGavin's scalp,
6_3 £_s % e_4. Richard Erskine beat C.
Delano. S— 4, 7—5. 6—1, 6—1. Kuehn beat
R. Erskine. 6—4. 6—4. W. B. Collier beat
Harry Haight. 6-4. 7—5. Georp Whitney
beat Merle Johnson, 6-0. 6-4. 6-0. Walter
McGavin beat Percy Kahn. 6—0. t>— 1.
6—0. Harry Haight beat Ray Cornell in
a close match. 6 — 1. 3 — 6, 6 — 1- '":'-!''
Next Thursday afternoon Miss Emma
Hunter will give Mrs. C. A. Elston a
chance to reverse her defeat at can Ka
fael in the late tournament.
Kverett X. Bee, one of the old cracK3
of the "California Club, has just returned,
from Paris. He said that ho saw Miss
Marian Jones, ex-champion of the Pacific
States, play at Paris in the ladles' tour
nament for the champlonsfcip of the
world. She reached the semi-ilnals only
to be defeated by Miss PrevoJt. the lady
champion of France. The 'finals were
won by Miss Georgle Cooper, the cham
pion of all England-
RACKET WIELDERS ON
CALIFORNIA CLUB COURTS
Floor— "V. Straub <niar.?.p!*r), B. Jor.as. G.
Kruecfcfcl, F. Terklenberp, \V. ShaumlefTel, W.
Kchrnaizler.. F. Krueckei. A. Tecklenberg and
Heoeptlon— Captain F. .ftttinger (chairman),
O. liunneister, W. Hicz. Oscar Hocks and G.
jlass.
The committees to which the success
f)t the affair is due were made up as fol
lows : »
Arrangements — I-icutenant F*. Kommer (chalr
iTian), Ueuter.ar.t J. Straub. Sergeant L. Brace,
bercear.t C Karr.mer and C. N'Mscn.
Chorus. Fin^intr section of the Kan Francisco
Turn V**r^In, I > rt>f6Kfor A. l'anz, dirpctor;
waitz. "'Hunters' Joy." members cf the Colum
bia Zither Club, M.ix Slaier, director; Bi>eelal
ties. Wieners Sisters; evolutions on parallel
bars, class of the fan Francisco Turn Verein;
"C'Jbaii Dance." Ladies' Quartet — Mrs. J. C
Lavs. Sirs. Alice Hatvk«=. Mips K. Carroll.
Miss E. lireitensToeg; J. W. McKenzie, accom
r>.ir.!«; Suet, "Thou Art So Near anfl Yet t>o
Far"— zither. Miss D. Bahrs; bow zither, Lot
tie Korr.mer; humorous selections. W. J.
Hynes: prend chorus. "Heimkehr," Alpenrcx'sli
Singing Society, Professor A- ir.z, director.
The San Francisco Tumer-Schuetzen
gave a fine entertainment, followed by
a grand ball, at Turner Hall on Turk
rtrtet last r.ight. A pplendid programme
of vocal and instrumental numbers was
*>n joyed by a larpe number of guests and
dancing 1 conclu«'.fd a very pleasant even-
Ing. The programme follows:
ENTERTAINMENT GIVEN
BY TURNER-SCHUETZEN
>TE\Y YORK, Aug. 26.-Archle McEach
ern, the Canadian wheelman, defeated J.
P. Jacobson in match race at the Vails
burg boar.3 track to-day. Jacobson drew
"jp to the Canadian at the start, but soon
lost his advantage. At the end of two
miles MrKacbern \ras ten yards to the
pood, and before two more miles were
covered he had passed Jacobson in a des
perate Fpurt. The exact distance was
three miles and 1120 yards, and the time
¦was S:M 3-5.
Jacobsoa Defeated.
Airs beat Aenelrl Kennels' Aeneas, 3-2: T. AV.
Bartels' Mac's Meldoy beat R. L.. Taylor's
Mosc, 3-1; Curtis & 80ns' McKlnley beat Cap
tain Cane's Miss Penman, 4-0; J. Button's May
flower beat C. B. Charlesworth's Crawford
I?ra«*B, 6-2: C. O. Peterson's Silver Cloud beat
Curtis & Sons' War Eagle. 7-4; Pnsha Kennels'
Rural Artist beat E. M. Kellogs's Hweet
Emma, S-4; Curtis & Sons' Anchor beat H. A.
Deckflman'B Lawrence. 9-6: Curtis & Sons'
Flying Fox beat P. .1. Rellly's The Grafter.
3-1; J. Carroll's Master Claire beat J. Hurley's
O. K. Capitol, 5-1: Connell Bros.' St. Helen
beat R. K. d> H. Lopez's Whitehead, 3-2; W.
C. Glasson's Santonin beat Walsh & Heenan's
Sacramento Hoy. 5-0: Sterl & Knowles* For
Glory beat G. W. Helntz's High Jinks. 5-0:
H. Lynch's Lexington beat L.. F. Bartels' Best
Har^aln. 14-1; F. A. McComb's Sir Pasha beat
Pasha Kennels' Rude Awakening, 4-3: Pasha
Kennels' Itoyal Anne beat J. P. Thrift's St.
Michael. 4-0: Captain Cane's Greenhall beat
James Sheridan's Forest King. 7-2; J. H. Peri
jco'p Bone "beat B. Silver's Re-Annex, 7-4; R.
E. d> B. Lopez's Sara beat J. P. Thrift'* For
pet. 3-0: J. P. Thrift's Brutus beat T. Tierney'n
Tea Rose. 3-2: Pasha Kennels' Recording Angel
beat K. M. Kellop-R's Kid McCoy, 4-2.
Third round— Snapper Garrison beat Royal
Flush. 11-9; Narcispus beat Patriot. S-3; Royal
Union beat Master iAwrence. 3-2: Ireland beat
Rocker. 9-7: Rollicking Airs beat Mac's Melody.
5-2; Mayflower beat McKlnley. 4-2: Rural Artist
beat Sliver Cloud. 17-4; Anchor a bye; Flying
Fox beat Pt. Helen, 14-10; For Olory beat San
tonin. JO-2; Sir Pasha beat Lexington, 6-2;
Greenhall beat Royal Anne. 3-1; Bohe beat
Brutus. 5-4: Sara beat Recording Angel, 3-0.
Fourth round— Narcissus beat Snapper Garri
son. 6-4; Royal Union beat Ireland. 6-3; May
flower beat Rolllcktng: Aim, .4-1; Anchor beat
Rural Artist. 10-5: For Glory a bye: Sir Pasha
beat Grr-enhall. 4-2: Bohe beat Sara. 7-4.
Fifth round— Narcissus beat Royal Union. 4-0:
Mayflower beat Anchor. 3-1; Sir Pasha beat
For Glory, 4-3; Bohe a bye.
Sixth round — Narcissus beat Mayflower, 3-1;
Sir Pasha beat Bohe. 5-0.
Deciding course — Narcissus beat Sir Pasha.
Sir Pasha, the Favorite, Gets a Bad
Fall in the Final, Losing
the Course.
! Curtis & Sons' Narcissus certainly
played in good luck in winning the de
ciding course in the open stake yesterday
at Union Park. As good as 2 to 1 could
be had against the winner, and the odds
quoted were fair enough. From the slips
Sir Pasha showed that the talent usea
good judgment In making him a favorite.
He showed the speed over his opponent
and led a good two lengths, and at that
1 was not extending himself.
As the hounds neared the hare Sir Pasha
could be seen steading himself for the
turn. Suddenly he fell. It was no easy
affalr either, but Sir Pasha was game and
was soon In the chase. Then in a hard
course ho started to regain the winning
position, but it was too late. Without
doubt Narcissus could not have reached
better than second place against Mc-
Comb's fast black one if the accident had
i not given him the one chance when It
! looked like a forlorn hope.
Whitehead was expected to reach well
down In the finals and had many followers
who favored his chances for the stake, but
he was put out of the running in the sec
ond round by Connell Brothers' St. Helen
In a short course. St. Helen scored for
speed and two turns and the favored one,
with no points, ruined his chances by
making the kill too soon.
A good play was made on the Lopez
hound, the talent giving 4 to. 1 on his
chances.
Royal Flush was another favorite that
failed to connect. In the third round the
many-times stake winner went out to
Snapper Garrison, a 4 to 1 short end.
Flush has gone back, and it is not likely
that many future stakes will go to him.
Rural Artist was in fine trim to reach
the bottom of the caru. but a gruelling
course all over the field with Silver Cloud
was ton strong a handicap, and he went
out to Anchor in the fourth.
Lexington beat Best Bargain In the
second round at odds of 5 to 1. Consider
ing recent work it was a false price.
The coursing throughout the day was
good. Favorites were beaten in eleven in
stances.
The day's results, with Judge John
Grace's official scores, follow:
Open stake, second round — J. Mortarlty's
Snapjjer CJarrison beat J. H. Perigo's Controller.
3-2; F. A. McComb'8 Royal Flush beat Aeneid
Kennels' Fine Fire, 5-1; F. A. McComb's Pat
riot beat P. McCabe'g Craig Boy, 5-0; Curtis &
Sons' Narcissus beat H. L,ynch's Swedish, 14-3:
P. J. Rcilly's Royal Union beat J. L,. Ross' J
\j R. 8-2; J. Button's Master Lawrence a bye;
E. Geary's Ireland beat T. J. Mclnerney's John
nie R. 4-2; H. A. Deckelman's Rocker beat F.
Jones' Lovinia. 6-1; Pasha Kennels' Rollicking
NARCISSUS WINS OPEN
STAKE AT UNION PARK
THE Corinthian annual clambake at
the Tiburon clubhouse Is always a
jovial affair, but it was doubly so
yesterday because It was made the
occasion of receiving the Perpetual chal
lenge cup, won last month by the sloop
Aeolus Quite a squadron of San Fran
cisco Club yachts cruised over from Sau-
Ealito to Tlliuron, Commodore W. N. Mc-
Carthy's schooner Ramona being accom
ponied by I. Gutte's schooner Chlspa. the
cutter Folly and the sloops Cygnus. The
tis, Catherine and Hope. In anticipation
of a large party a great bake had been
prepared under the skilled supervision of
George Crowell, who began the mighty
work at 6 a. m. The pile of food pre
rared Included 160 buckets of clams,
twelve dozen chickens, two sacks of sweet
potatoes and six sacks of corn. Between
noon and 1 o'clock the toothsome viands
were handed out to the guests, who sat
on the promenade deck under an awning.
After luncheon Commodore W. N. Mc-
Carthy on behalf of the San Francisco
Yacht Club presented the challenge cup,
which was received by Commodore H. D.
Hawks on behalf of the Corinthian Yacht
Club. Ex-Commodore I. Gutte then pre
sented to ex-Commodon? Carl Westerfeld
a flag, on which the burges of the two
clubs are worked on a white field, with the
letters "C. C, 1900*- in blue, as a memento
of the victory of the Aeolus over the tian
Frar.ciscos' sloop Gadder. Carl Wester
feld suitably replied, thanking his crew
for tht-ir efficient and skillful work. Ex-
Commodore T. K. Tracy was next -o take
the floor, and in an unusually lucid speech
actual'y bristling with wit he requested
his fellow-yachtsmen to turn out in force
at the rowing regatta and Whitehall races
to be held on Admission clay as a part of
the festivities prepared by the semi-cen
tennial celebration committee.
The more serious part of the day's pro
ceedings bring disposed of. the Corinthian
quartet sang two excellent songs, and
"Uncle" George Bromley made one of his
characteristically witty speeches, saying
that he ¦would have arrived on the scene
sooner had he come by an earlier boat.
In the race which took place yesterday
from the narrow-gauge mole at Alameda
out to the Presidio shoal buoy and back
the yawl Thelma finished first. J. T. Car
rier's sloop Jessie K being second, Com
modore E. N. Walter's sloop Ernbla
third and ex-Commodore A. Si. Clay's
sloop Pactolus last. The race was the
outcome of a challenge issued by the
owner of the yawl Thelma to the owners
of the above named three sloops to sail
over the Wallace trophy course In ordi
nary cruising rig to a one-gun start,
without time allowance, the owners and
crews of the two boats finishing .third and
fourth tp provide a dinner for all hands.
The starting gun was fired at 1 o'clock,
the yachts having ten minutes within
which to cress the line. The owners were
all so anxious not to precede each othor
that none got across the line within the
ten minutes. All, however, crossed it
within sixty-eight seconds later, Embla
being first, Pactolus second, Thelma third
and Jppsie K fourth. The wind was fresh
from the southwest, and on the beat out
all but one kept In the stream. Jessie E
going to leeward of Alcatraz Island and
over toward Belvedere. There she went
about, rounding the buoy on that tack.
The other three yachts made four tacks,
but all were bunched at the mark, Thel
ma rounding first. Jessie 12 second. Em
bla third and Pactolus last. The run
home was made In good time, consider
ing the fact that no light sails were used,
but no change took place In the positions
of the yachts, which finished "with a.
space of less than four minutes between
first and last. W. C» Wallace and August
R. F. Brandes acted as judges. After the
race the yachts cruised up the creek to
their moorings, and in the evening the
owners and crews of all four bpats en
joyed a big dinner at the expense of the
owners and crews of the Embla and the
Pactolus. The starting and finishing
times, etc., are shown In the table:
and would have made a 'more brilliant
speech had he been fuller of spirit. Then
followed Dave McLaughlin with funny
stories, R. B. Mitchell with comicalities
and Frank W. Thompson with some excel
lent songs.. The whole proceedings were
enlivened by music furnished by the Na
tive Sons' band of San Francisco, led by
R. D. Barton.
THELMA. SAILED BY SID. MARSHALL OF THE CALIFORNIA
YACHT CL.LTB. THAT HADE BEST TIME IN YESTERDAY'S RACE
OVER TUB WALLACE CUP COURSE.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E
Drennan. c. f 4,5 l l 0 2 0 0
I^ange, 3b..... 3 1 0 1 0- 1 0
Hutchlnson, lb 3 12 17 0*0
Francks, B . s 4 0 0 0 6 6 1
Arrellanes. 2b........ 4 1 - 1 \ 1 / 7 .2 '•
. ¦ ¦ . ¦¦'¦' n » - • - *
OAKLAND.
Mr. Farrow, -130 pounds, a twirler with
out a reputation or a known local attach
ment, was put upon the slab yesterday
morning at the Oakland grounds and hi»
acquitted himself in such effective man
ner as to force the fanatics to wondering
If Ewlng had at last fastened his diverg
ing managerial eyes on a piece of talent
that is of good, quality. Six times the re
puted sluggers of Stockton untwisted
Farrow, and that is all. Bunches of hits
were out of the question. Except for a
pair of singles in the sixth the most
Stockton worked off on Farrow in an in
ning was a single hit. :'
But there were a few other reasons why
Oakland won the game. Except for a sin
gle error by Francks, who had twelve
chances, the Dudes' last column woula
show a cipher. Francks' game at short
was of the ; phenomenal kind. Farrow's
Initial performance was attended bv
auspices of a most encouraging nature
The fielding of the Dudes was the best
they have done for many a day. •
Whalen turned the delivery wheel for
Stockton, but was not quite so fortunate
as Farrow. He experienced a bad Inning
the third, when the ball paid its respects
to tho lot. The score:
Oakland 5, Stockton 1.
MORNING GAME.
SUaiMARY.
Runs ' responsible for— Harper 4, Moskiman 1.
Three-base hit— McCarthy. Two- base hits—
Lange. Drennan. Sacrifice hits— McOucken,
Courtnev. First base on errors — Oakland 3.
Stockton 1. First base on called balls — Oakland
1, Stockton 2. Jjett on bases — Oakland 4, Stock
ton 6. Hit by pitcher— Babbitt. Double plays—
Francks to Arrellanea to Hutchlnson. Passed
ball— Eager. Wild pitches— Harper 2. Time of
same — 1:40. Umpire — Donohue. Official scorer
— J. W. Stapleton.
Stockton 1 0 2 0 0 0 0 0 0 — 3
Base hits 2 11 0 1 1 -0 1 0-7
Oakland 1 4 1 0 1 0 0 0 *-7
Base hits 1 4 1 0 2 1. 0 0 •— 9
Totals 34 7 9 4 27 13 2
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Drennan. c. f 3 2 12 10 0
Lange. 3b 4 0 2 0 10 0
Hutchinson, lb 4 0 0 0 10 0 1
Francks. s. s 4 0 0 0 8 4 0
Arrellanes, 2b 4 0 0 0 4 5 1
ManKerlna. c 4 2 2 10 0 0
Moskiman. p 4 1 1 11 3 0
Held. r. f 4 1 1 0 11 0
Bowman, 1. f......... 3 1 2 0 1 0 0
OAKLAND.
Totals 31 3 7 3 24 12 4
•Put in to bat for Harper in ninth Inning.
• AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
McCarthy. 1. f 4 12 0 2 0 0
McGucken. c. f 3 0 0 0 1 1 0
Eager, c 4 110 0 0 0
Rtrelb. lb 3 0 1 2 11 0 1
Babbitt, s. S 3 10 15 5 2
Moore. 3b 4 0 2 0 3 0 0
Courtney. 2b 3 0 1 0 2 4 ' 1
Pyne. r. f 4 0 0 0 0 0 0
Harper, p 2 0 0 0 0 2 0
?Whalen 10 0 0 0 0 0
STOCKTON
Oakland was in a happy mood when
Drennan tied the score in the same in
ning, and happier still at the end of the
second when the scorer at the bell rang
out four glad ones. This was the time
when Harper showed his generosity, and
Incidentally his weak right arm. Moski
man. Held. Bowman and Drennan rounded
the bags, fixing the score at 5 to 1. The
third inning brought a bit of good news
to Stockton's rooters. Eager and Strieb
traversed the much Dude beaten path,
raising the Stockton end two points. That
was the terminal work for Stockton as
far as fruits of stick work count. In the
fifth a couple of hits and a stolen base
gav Mangerlna a run, earned for him in
sections by Moskiman, who did the run
ning. The score:
Mr. Harper of the Slough City made his
entrance on the slab stage during the
afternoon game. The crowd did not display
an overweening affection for him In the
first inning, and in the second it thrust
Klondike shoulders and Icy bleacher dis
approbation at his skull. The result was
a case of bad rattles for Harper. Four
big-blown hits were secured off his -deliv
ery, which, combined with a couple of
wild throws and a passed ball, gave the
jubilant, happy Dudes four runs. Harper
recovered somewhat after this, but he
couldn't stand the frost, nor could his
hirelings stem the Brummelian tide of
victory.
All the fast play was around the second
bag. Francks and Arrellanes pocketed
everything within extended reach, par
ticularly the former, who shut off hits
with a regularity that betokened early bed
hours and other good habits. For the men
of the Sioughs Babbitt did a star stunt by
patlng up shallow left field flies. "Olu
Hutch" at first in some ground tumbling
gave an exhibition of how to fall, but at
the same time relegate the runner to thfc
morgue.
The game opened with a piece of tripli
cate fireworks. The very first ball that
Moskiman pitched fell on "Stapleton" Mc-
Carthy's willow and then lost itself on the
other side of the flagpole. McCarthy
reached third on this stick effort, scoring
on Streib's hit after McGucken and Eager
were made cemetery lodgers.
Twice in a single day did the polite
young gentlemen of Oakland batter down
the reserve and hauteur of the show
money winners. On the Oakland sod and
on the local soil Ewlng's tailenders
worked out earned victories. They swung
the stick at both of Stockton's twlrlers
and won out In both combats.
XHE Dudes have experienced a. rude
awakening. They are showing evi-
H dences of life on the diamond. They
have overcome the effects of the
many knockout drops administered early
in the season. All this means that they
have won the majority of games In the
series of three.
Oakland 7, Stockton 3.
ST. JOSEPH, Mo., Aur. 26.— Because St.
Joseph did not win both ball games to
day a gans of hoodlums were angered and
assaulted Umpire Buck Ebrlght for call
ing: out a player at first base during the
eighth Inning. The police could not or
would not prevent a disgraceful scene.
Ebright and the Denver players were pelt
ed with missiles and tied to points of
safety. Pitcher Schmidt of Denver fellea
several members of the mob with a club.
at St. Joseph.
Disgraceful Scene on Ball Grounds
UMPIRE- ASSAULTED.
MILWAUKEE. Auk. 24.— Milwaukee, 9; Min
neapolls, 5.
KUFFAliO, Aus. 26,-Buffalo. 7; Cleveland 3
CHICAGO, Aug. 2G.-Ch lea go- Kansas City
game postponed on account of rain.
American League Games.
ST. LOUIS. Aug. 28.— St. Louis to-day finally
succeeded In winning from Callahan. Attend-
St." Louis g* \^ E {
Chicago 3 7 3
Batteries— Jones and Crlger; Callahan and
Chance. Umpire— Warner.
CINCINNATI. Aug. 26.— A base on balls to
Barrett. Crawford's sacrifice and Beckley's hit
Kave the locals the only run of the game in
the first innlngr. Attendance, 41C0. Score:
Clubs— R, if. jj
Cincinnati 1 3' o
Plttsburg 0 8 1
Batteries— Hahn and Kahoe; Phllllpl and
Schriver. Umpires— Latham and Leever.
Clubs— W. U Pet. Clubs— W. L. Pet
Brooklyn ....5S 37 .610 Chicago 4S 51 .483
Pittsbunr ...55 4* .S3S Cincinnati ...4S S3 475
Philadelphia SO 4S .510 St. Louis 46 51 474
Boston 49 43 .000 New York 33 58 40*
CORRECT STANDING OF THE CLUBS.
With Pittsburg.
Scores the Only Run in the Game
CINCINNATI WINS.
in a Close Game.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN RAFAEL, Aug. 2(5.— An exciting
game of baseball was played here on the
Eastslde grounds this afternoon between
the San Rafaela and Alameda?. The vis
itors carried oft the honors with a score
of 9 to 7.
NAPA. Aug. 26.— The Vallejo baseball
team defeated the Napas thl3 afternoon
by a score of 5 to 0.. The same was wit
nessed by an enthusiastic crowd.
SANTA CRUZ. Aug. 26.— The baseball
game to-day between the Beachcombers
of this city and the Alerts of Watson
vllle resulted In a victory for the latter.
Score, 7 to 12.
San Rafael Is Defeated by Alameda
MINOR EASEBALL.
Mangerlna, c 3 110 2 2 0
Held. r. f 4 0 1110 0
Bowman. 1. f 4 0 0 0 2 0 0
Farrow, p 3 0 0 0 0 3 0
Totals 32 5 7 4 27 13 1
STOCKTON.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
McCarthy, 1. f 3 0 0 0 2 0 0
McGucken, c. f 3 110 2 0 0
Koger. c 4 0 2 0 6 10
Streib. lb 4 0 1 0 10 0 9
Babbitt, s. s 4 0 0 0 2 4 0
Moore, 3b 3 0 0 0 0 3 1
Courtney, 2b 3 0 10 110
Pyne. r. f 3 0 0 0 10 0
¦Whalen, p 3 0 10 0 2 0
Total3 23 1 6 0 24 11 3
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Stockton 00000100 0—1
Base hits 00011210 1—6
Oakland 00032000*— 5
Base hits 00032101*— 7
SUMMARY.
Runs responsible for — Whalen 2. Three-base
hit— Drennan. Two-base hit— Whalen. First
base on errors— Oakland 2. Stockton 1. First
base on called balls — Oakland 3. Stockton 3.
Left on bases — Oakland 6. Stockton 3. Struck
out— By Farrow 1, by Whalen 5. Double plays
— Francks to Hutchlnson: Arrellanes to Francka
to Hutchlnson. Time of game— 1:30. Umpire—
Donohue. Official scorer— H. S. ilcFarlin.
San Francisco Wins.
SACRAMENTO, Aug. 26,-Knell used
both head and arm with good effect and
the three hits made off his delivery did
no damage. Score:
SAN FRANCISCO.
AB. R. BII. SB. PO. A. E.
BrockhofT. c t 3 0 0 0 1 0 0
Hlldebrand. r. f 3 0 10 3 0 0
Schwartz. 2b 4 0 0 0 0 3 0
Pabst. lb 4 1 1 1 10 1 0
Sullivan, c 4 0 115 3 0
Levy. 1. r 4 0 0 0 2 0 0
Krug, s. 3 4 0 10 3 10
Keilly, 3b 3 0 10 4 4 0
Knell, p 3 0 10 0 2 0
Totals 32 1 6 2 27 14 0
SACRAMENTO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
McLaughlln, 1. f 3 0 0 1 0 0 0
Devereaux. 3b 4 0 2 10 2 0
Easan. s. s 3 0 0 16 3 1
Hughes, p 3 0 0 0 0 3 0
Hanlon, lb 3 0 1 0 11 0 0
Stanley, c 10 0 0 5 10
Doyle, c. f 3 0 0 0 10 0
Dennle. r. f 3 0 0 0 3 0 0
Stultz. 2b 3 0 0 0 2 3 0
Totals 26 0 3 3 57 12 1
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
San Francisco 0 0 0 0 0 0 10 0—1
Base hits 0 10 0 0 12 2 0-«
Sacramento 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0—0
Base hits 0 0 0 110 10 0—3
SUMMARY.
Runs responsible for— Hughes l. Two-base
hit— Krug. Sacrifice hit— Stanley. First base
on called balls — San Francisco 2. Sacramento 2.
I^efc on bases — San Francisco 6. Sacramento 2.
Struck out — By Knell 2. by Hughes 5. Double
plays— Sullivan to Krug; Hughes to Stultz to
Hanlon. Time of game— 1M5. Umpire—O'Con
nell. Official scorer— I. C. Nathan.
P"red Fortnyer, official representative ot
the Americans in the sports, said regard
ing the committee's decision: "It is quite
foreign to all our notions and rules. The
race to-day ought to have been between
the Vespers and the winner of the first
trial heat. This is the way we interpret
the rule? of racing, and unless the French
rhanKc their method we shall never again
compete in this country. Personally, 1 do
r.ot bellev* any other American crew
would be willing to enter under such con
ditions."
Tho Americars were very Indignant at
the decision cf the committee to allow
three of ih*; eights which competed In the
rirst trial heat yesterday to race in the
:lcal to-day instead of the winner. The
oomrsiUoe based its decision en thfc
gTO"Jnd that the second ar:d third crews
:n the first trial heat made faster time
than the Americacs. who won the second
trial heat. The Americans replied that
the question of time in heats is imma
terial. Moreover, they say they made no
• ffort to attain fast time, in view of the
fact that their French competitors vir
tually abandoned the race when it was
labour haJf over.
The prizes were a piece of bronze stat
uary worth about JSO to each member of
the crew.
The Gher.t eight was second, the Mir.er
vas third and the Gennaaias brought up
the rear.
Immediately on the firing of the pistol
the Vespers went ahead. That their self
confidence was well founded was shown
in the first few hundred yards, when they
had leased such a lead as dispelled all
ooubt of their victory. From that mo
ment interest centered In the distance by
which they would win. Amid cheers they
Jmished an easy first by several lengths.
Time. 6:07 •4-S.
The conviction was shared by the book
makers, ¦who refused all bets on the Amer
icans.
Four crews competed, the others being
the Minerva eight from Amsterdam, the
Oprnajsia of Hamburg and the Ghent
crew. The ra^o. began at 5:15 p. m. The
Americans were physically superior to
th^'.r opponents, their bis frames and ath
letic build evoking flattering comment
vrfx'n they carried their oars from the
boathouBe to the waterside and took their
places in the uhclL
Every man was trained to the hour and
s'.l regarded the result as a foregone con
clusion.
Several thousand spectators gathered
alosg the banks of the Seine, where the
regatta was hold. A large number ol
thfir fellow countrymen cheered the
American crew to victory.
PARIS. Aug. SS.~Tb6 Vesper Boat Club
cf Philadelphia to-day won the senior
right championship, the only event In the
internal iona.1 regatta hold under the aus
pices of the Paris Exposition in which
Americans compete.!.
Indignation Expressed Over Action
of Committee in Permitting
Outclassed Crews to
Compete.
Easy Victory of Americans
in the Senior Eight
Championship.
VESPER CREW
OF PHILADELPHIA
WINS AT PARIS
Belgian hares, as well as the dogs, will
have several days allotted for prize shows.
The Belgian hare clubs will send repre
sentatives to Sacramento, and a congress
of these associations will be held for the
purpose of promoting harmonious action
and Improving the standard breed of the
animals. Tho gourmet will have a. chance
to test the Belgian hare prepared in nu
merous gustatory ways, for the Sacra
mento club will try every approved man
ner of preparation during the fair.
The dog show will consist of aristocratic
canines to the number of 400. representing
all breeds, from the feminine lap variety
to the heavy mastiff and St. Bernard.
The poultry show will perhaps be th°
most successful of all. At least 1000 birds
of every variety will bo got together.
Livestock raisers will tlnd enough to
keep them on the Jum" from the opening
to the closing day. Droves of specially
bred pigs, hogs. Jerseys, shorthorns and
Herefords. calves and other domestic ani
mals, will be exhibited throughout the
continuance of the fair. Altogether this
will be no common exposition at Sacra
mento, and tho city will be in gala dress
for over two weeks.
And the automobile paraders have not
been overlooked. From all over the State
the horseless carriages will steam and
puff into Sacramento to show the horses
that there la sport away from the track
and from the animal-drawn vehicles.
Two weeks of solid racing, bringing out
horses In the highest class, is the card
for those who delight In the "sport oi
kings." Polo pony races for gentlemen
riders will be arranged by Walter Ho
bart and Prince Ponlatowskl. Then the
polo players are to have several Innings,
six days of this highly exciting sport be
ing on the programme.
When the State Fair opens at Sacra
mento in the early part of next month
the capital city will be the scene of the
liveliest show of its kind ever held in
California. Every feature usual to such
exhibitions will find its place in this fair.
There will be racing, a livestock show, a
poultry show, a dog show, a Belgian hare
show, a machinery department, an art
gallery, manufactures, agricultural and
horticultural products, wines and oils, all
of the best selection and approved qual
ity. Besides these typical fair features,
the "sideshow" performance will make
another Midway, rivaling those of the big
international expositions.
General Character of the Features of
the Great Exposition to Be
Held in the Capi
tal City.
Every Variety. of Show Will
Be on Exhibition at ;
Sacramento.
STUPENDOUS ARE
THE PLANS FOB
THE STATE FUR
A number of the companies of the Xa
tlonal Guard were on the ranse for their
regular monthly contest for class medals.
The scores, with the military musket, ten
shots, on the Blunt target, were as fol
low:
Company I of the First— E. Reddell 41. C. Ot
ten 34 H. Hall 42. Fentren 35. W. Ehrenpfort
24 L. Lemeteyer 23. Sheldon 44. Schurra 32. J.
Frlta 31. V*\ Fritz 37. J. Murtha 34. Captain F.
K. Moore 42. Gagln 33. Hayes 27. J. Kallman 43.
Company L of the First— Captain J. F. Etj?ert
S9 Lieutenant H. E. Curzon 40. Corpora! II. G.
Ptindt 35. Corporal G. H. Korner 23. Corporal
W A. Louis 25. Corporal S. Senstack 27. A. K.
Berry 30. I* Rey 35, J. A. McCarthy 26. H.
Reese 31. C. E. Darby 3S. TV. Voll 31. C. Wehr
20, Sersreant J. Klesow 37.
Company F of the Fifth— Servant D. Clark
41 Corporal W. Xordlund 41. Corporal S. E.
Darling W. H. U. Bray 39. Captain H. T. Ben
nett 39, W. Garibaldi 38. Sergeant S. J. Grimes
37 Lieutenant C. C. Covalt 37, A. Hanson 37.
Sergeant C. C. Elere 38. Corporal A. F. Flclc
?.S, T. C. Hambleton 36. G. N. Green 27. P.
Green 26 C. A. Sullivan 24. Sergeant G. C.
Hanson 20, Corporal H. P. Johansen 17. E.
Brandt 17.
Members of the San Francisco Schuets
en Verein held their regular monthly con
testa for cash prizes on the bullaeye tar
set, best centers measured by machine.
Annexed are the winners in their order:
L. Bendel 65. A. Jungblut 231, It. Flnklns 2S2.
F. Rust 372. R. Stettin 395. A. Mocker 507. C
Thierbach 533. S. Heino 5>*2. D. B. Factor SS..
Herman Huber 604. A. Bertelsen 632. P. P.
Schuster SS3. W. Ulindemann 922. Dr. F. Crantz
1003. J. D. Hetse 1017. Otto Lemcke 1"^.^-
Goetze 1077. J. Beuttler 1164. F. Koch 1K3. Otto
Burmeister 1231.
In the Germanla Schuetzen Club's regu
lar bullseye shoot for cash prizes J. Gef
kin and D. Salfleld tied for the first prlzo
on 253 points, as shown by the measuring?
j machine. The winners were in the follow
ing order:
J. Gefkln 3:3. D. Salfleld 333. J. Thode 376. A.
Jungblut 519. II. SteUlng 535. Dr. L. O. Rodger*
599 S. Jletr-o 6SS. L. Bendel «39. J. F. Bridges
733* C Thlerbach ~Z2. J. I>. Helse 7S3. Herman
Huber S^.
The Red Men's Schuetzen Company held
a bullseye contest for cash prizes and tho
monthly competition for class medals, the
latter twenty shots on the 23-rinff target.
The results are here given:
Class medals— Champion class. William Dress
ier. 373 rings: first class. P. H. Rulff». 275; sec
ond class. Captain II. Grieg, 3S1; third clam.
George Wagner. 310; fourth class. D. Tamke.
357; best first shot, D. Tamke. 22; best last shot.
\V. Dressier. 23.
First prize <Slebe medal). H. Grleb: second.
"W. Dressier; third. George Wagner; fourth. P.
II. Rulffs; fifth. W. Kreutzkamm.
Th« regular monthly class medal shoot
of the Norddeutscher Schuetzen Club
brought out a good attendance. Following
are the high men and their scores in twen
ty shots to the score, 25-ring target:
First champion class, not filled; second cham
pion class, not filled; first class. J. r>. HeUe.
419 rings; second class. J. Lankrr.au. 384; third
class, not nlled; fourth class, Wlllbim DoeU.
3C8; best first shot. F. Rathjens. 24: best last
shot. r>- SalHeld. 24.
Rifle. 200 yards. 25-rtnff target, tea shots.
Bushnell trophy*— D. W. McLaugrhlin. 224. 223;
Dr. L. O. Rodgers. 225. 223; F. E. Mason. 220.
216; F. P. Schuster. 218.
Gold medal— F. W. Belknao. 20o. 202. 204.
Silver medal— J. F. Bridees. 2fc>. 2=2. 2G«.
First-class trophy— F. "W. Betknap. 216. tu.
Second-class trophy— J. Kullmann. 200. 208; O.
Tammayer. 213.
Pistol, 50 yards, ten shots. Standard American
target, all comers' trophy— J. E. Gorman. 92;
M. J. White. 86. All comers' revolver trophy—
J. E. Gorman. 86; O. Feudner. 74.
Nearly all of the prominent rifle shoot
ers around the bay were at the Shell
Mound range yesterday, and the sport
waxed merry as the day progressed, small
side matches being In order. Light ami
wind conditions were fair, but no very
remarkable shooting: was done. As most
of the clubs held bullseye contests there
was in fact no special chance for any
broken records. One very good score oC
ten shots was made in the Golden Gate
Rifle and Pistol Club by Dr. L. O. Rodgera.
who has not attended the meetings for sev
eral months. His 220 rings showed that the
absence from the range did not spoil his
holding. Another prodigal son to return
was F. W. Belknap, who has been among
the shooters of Los Angele3 for some tlmo
past, where he has acquitted himself with
credit to the Golden Gates. Otto Feudner.
the well-known shotgun expert. Is coming
to the front as a pistol and revolver shot.
His rapid improvement with these fire
arms is a matter of comment. The score3
of the Golden Gates were as follow: s
Liberal Cash Prizes Won in Bullssyo
Contests— Military Marksmen
Actively Compete for
Class Medals.
Shell Mound Range Patron
ized by All the Riflemen
of the City.
LEADEN BULLS
PUNCH HOLES IN
THE TARGETS
Commodore McCarthy Turns Over the Perpetual
Challenge Cup — Thelma Wins Over
Wallace Trophy Course. •
MIRTH AND JOLLITY REIGN AT TIBURON
CORINTHIAN SAILORS
AT A BIG CLAMBAKE
TRAILING DUDES "PUT
IT ON" THE MILLERS
TWO VICTORIES WON IN A SINGLE DAY
Men From Oakland Strike Up a Winning Gait
and Take Revenge on the Stockton
1 Ball-Tossers.
' . ¦ ¦ ' • .
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, AUGUST 27, 1900.
wHALEN STOCKTON'S PREMIER TWTRX.ER. PITCHED EXCEL
LENT 'BASEBALL. AT OAKLAND YESTERDAY MORNING. BUT
THE DUDES WERE TOO LUCKY FOR HIM.
10-7.
6
TACHT.
Starting I
Time.
1 Hounded
IJuoy.
Finishing I
Time.
I Elapsed
J Time. Sailed by
Theltna ..
Jessie E..
Kmbla ...
Pactolus .
H. M. S.
1:11:05
1:11:08
1:10:30
1:11:00
H. M. S.
2:32:00
2:33:00
2:36:00
2:36:00
t
II. M. R.
3:32:4.1
3:S4:4'>
3:35:S0
3:36:1S
II* M. S.
2:21 :3S Sid Marshall.
2:23:37 J. T. Carrier.
2:25:00 K. K. 'Walter
_ 2 : v " :1S A- M - Clg y-
NAME.
K H
3^ >< Event No. 3.
jTo Ja Delicacy.
§ 1 I 1 ~ o *
II fl 2 1 aft ?J
: 3 P H \
Brotherton Ill SI 90.8 72.6 SI. 7
Hattu 06 S7 91.4 73.4 82.4
Huyck 98 90.8 SI. 8 69.2 S0.5
HalKht 81 S3. 8 88.4 70.10 79.7
Muller 95 86 S8.4 73.4 83.10
YOUHR *9 91.4 02.8 71.8 82.2
Hrooks 105 87.8 79.8 €6.8 73.2
Davrrkosen Ill 84 S9.S 72.6 81.1
Kvcrctt 1126 90.4 93.4 75.10 S4.7
Foulks 95. G 77.4 S2.8 I 65.10 74.3
Heller j 86.4 | 67.6 76.11
NAME.
K H
3^ >< Event No. 3.
jTo Ja Delicacy.
§ 1 I 1 ~ o *
II fl 2 1 aft ?J
: 3 P H \
Brotherton Ill SI 90.8 72.6 SI. 7
Hattu 06 S7 91.4 73.4 82.4
Huyck 98 90.8 SI. 8 69.2 S0.5
HalKht 81 S3. 8 88.4 70.10 79.7
Muller 95 86 S8.4 73.4 83.10
YOUHR *9 91.4 02.8 71.8 82.2
Hrooks 105 87.8 79.8 €6.8 73.2
Davrrkosen Ill 84 S9.S 72.6 81.1
Kvcrctt 1126 90.4 93.4 75.10 S4.7
Foulks 95. G 77.4 S2.8 I 65.10 74.3
Heller j 86.4 | 67.6 76.11
TACHT.
Starting I
Time.
1 Hounded
IJuoy.
Finishing I
Time.
I Elapsed
J Time. Sailed by
Theltna ..
Jessie E..
Kmbla ...
Pactolus .
H. M. S.
1:11:05
1:11:08
1:10:30
1:11:00
H. M. S.
2:32:00
2:33:00
2:36:00
2:36:00
t
II. M. R.
3:32:4.1
3:S4:4'>
3:35:S0
3:36:1S
II* M. S.
2:21 :3S Sid Marshall.
2:23:37 J. T. Carrier.
2:25:00 K. K. 'Walter
_ 2 : v " :1S A- M - Clg y-' ' Already nine Victoria crosses have act
ually been given for gallantry during the
present war in South Africa.
Belief ibr Famine Sufferers.
i NEW YOP.K. Aug. 26.— The American
Rational RedTross announces that under
Iht powers c<|f erred Lpon It by the last
Congress It wJJ at once brgin active work
for the relief it Indian famine sufferer*.
Headquarters i'ill be opened In this city.
Policeman— Look here, my friend, tho
neighbors, tell me that you beat your
wife •' every day at about this time, and
I have called to tell you that it has got
to stop."
Surprised citizen— Beat my wife? Why.
what in the h— 11, oh. I know : what' you
mean. That's my oldest daughter learn
ing to sing.— Somervllle Journal.
AN UNFORTUNATE MISTAKE,
State As/ium Opens.
nnP.KELSY. Aur. 26.— The State Insti
tution for tic l>c-at and Dumb and Blind
has opent-d *ith Unlve new pupils and a
total attendance ol 223. Many scholars
have not yet returtc-d from their vaca
tions, i \- .-.
EITHER WAY GOES
"Should I say. 'lie is believed to be
dead again,' or 'He Is again believed to
bt? dead?" nsked Mr. Dinwiddie of Mr.
Van Braam. ¦ • '
"The latter expression Is correct, of
course. If a man is dead, he is dead. The
idea is that a previous report that he was
dead, which proved to be false, has been
followed by another report, which is be
lieved to be true." _
"But I was speaking of the Emperor of
"Oh! that's different. It doesn't matter
how you put it."— Pittsburg Chronicle-
Telegraph.
Saved From Potter's Field.
REBKELE>: Aug. 26.— The Jewish So
cU-ty of OakJaid will defray the expenses
at th«» funeral if Morris Unger, who was
found dead l'tday evening. Ungcr was
without frionds or relatives. He was a
iiUPHlan J'-w, t:t came here from Aus
tralia. The fun«ral will be held Monday
morning at 10 tviock from JJrown &.
BtrdcbtiTJ unde:taking parlors on Cen
ter ttrct-t.
OAKLAND, Aug. 26.— As a prelude to
his sermon on "What God Requires" Rev.
William Kelly, pastor of the First Eng
lish Lutheran Church, thin evening de
livered a short address on "Our City
Council." :;--;i"H^rf
The city legislative officials were praised
by the clergyman for their method of
disposing of tho municipality's business
and for their general conduct while meet
ing as a body. One or two of the Coun
cilmen, according to. Rev. "Mr. Kelly, rep
resent what are commonly called "good
fellows," while the others give him the
Impression that they are men of common
sense. •
The minister's Impressions of the City
Council were given as the result of his
appearance before that body about a
week ago to protest against the licensing
of nickel-in-the-slot machines.
OAKLAND CLERGYMAN
ON THE'CITY COUNCIL
Rev. Dr. J. "Wynne Jones, the well
known Presbyterian minister, pastor ot
the Highland town church, does not believe
In wcrry'ng about the hot weather, and
thinks about the best thing for church
people to do in these warm days. when,
•'nature wooa the soul to languor, la to
keep cheerful. Rev. Dr. Jones was seen
In a Charles-street bookstore yesterday by
a reporter for the American, and Instead
of talking about the weather, told a Uttla
joke on one of the brethren of the mln
"Some days ago," said Rev. Dr. Jones,
"a wealthy church member died. and. al
though he was not regarded very highly
by the congrecation. yet the minister
thought him tho beau Ideal of a church
member, probably for his large financial
donations. At all events, the good min
ister was overcome when he heard at
the death, and as he could nflt break th»
sad news to the congregation from tho
pulpit, he wrote these linea. which he
placed upon the front door of the church:
" 'Brother Frank left for heaven at d
o'clock this morning.'
"During the afternoon a member of the
congregation who did not share In tho
views of the pastor concerning the re
ligious character of the lately deceased
brother, secured a telegraph blank and
wrote the following, which was placed
on the church door Immediately under the
note written by the minister: <
"'Heaven. 6 p. m.— Brother Blank haa
not yet arrived. Much anxiety felt.
J " 'ANGEL GABRIEL.'
c-Baltlmore American.
Joke "Was on the Preacher.
SPOKE THE PACIFICO.
BIG fleet of vessels made port yes
terday. Early In the morning they
A began to come in and when the
sun set there were still several
"square riggers" outside.
The American ship St. David from
New York was the first to get in. She
was followed by the British bark Strath
don from Newcastle, and after her came
the German steamer Tanis from Ham
burg via San Diego: the bark Amy Tur
ner. 30 days from Hilo: the brig Harriet
G, 31 days from Mahukona: the schooner
Allen A, 30 days from Makuhona, and the
British ship Cambrian Hills, 81 days from
Newcastle, Aus.
The Cambrian Hills left Australia a
fortnight ahead of the Strathdon. The
former vessel went around by the way of
Tahiti, while the latter followed the usual
course and mado a good run.
Tho American ship St. David made a
good run here of 154 days. The voyage
was an uneventful one except for a num
ber of heavy squalls run into before en
tering the straits of I^e Mairc. Round-
Ing tho Horn the weather was favorable
and good time was made. On August 6
in latitude 27 degrees 35 minutes north,
longitude 132 degrees 20 minutes west, the
Chilean bark Paclilco was spoken. The
latter vessel had evidently been caught
In a squall, as her fore topmast was gone
and the foremast head had carried away
about three feet below the cap. The St.
David set a signal asking If assistance
was wanted, but the only answer was the
hoisting of the Chilean flag.
The Pacifico left Puget Sound on July
10 for Valparaiso with 579,316 feet of lum
ber. The cargo was taken aboard at Port
Ulakeley and Is on owner's account. The
vessel is owned In Valparaiso.
TRANSPORT WESTM1STER ARRIVES.
Tho United States transport Westmin
ster arrived In port from the Philippines
last night and went Into quarantine. She
brings no passengers, but has two stow
aways aboard.
RUSSIAN TRANSPORT LOADING.
There was a busy time of It yesterday
at tho steamer Eldsvold. She is lying at
the seawall and loading Btorcs for the
Kussian base of supplies at Port Arthur.
The work of getting the ship ready for
sea is being rushed and she will probably
mil Wednesday. The Eldsvold will take
away about 4000 tons of general supplies
and a number of other vessels will be
put on the berth for the same place as
noon as she has cleared. .Russia and Ger
many will bo good customers of Uncle
Sam for months to come. .
WATER FRONT NOTES.
The Kosmos liner Tanis arrived from
Hamburg via San Diego yesterday morn
ing. She brought seventeen cabin pas
sengers to San Francisco and landed thlr
ty-five at San Diego. Among those who
came here from South America on the
mall boat were A. T. Sampson, United
States Minister to Ecuador, and T. Tak
ana, Japanese Minister to Chile.
It Is , rumored that the Tanis will be
taken by the German Government to car>
ry commissariat stores, to China. Inthat
event the vessel chartered by the Kosmos
line to follow the Tanis will have to take
that vessel's place. -• :
The summer poet enters airily.
"I have here, he prattles "a delicious
bit entitled 'Gladys and Her Garden
The editor springs to his feet with a
savage snarl. „*;¦"; ., ,, 1;
"It is oultc out of the ordinary." tho
poet hastens to add "It is absolutely
devoid of double entendre. Only ono kind
of hose is meant, throughout, namely,
one and a half Inch, three-ply rubber
The -editor wrings the poet's hand, not
his neck. His emotions -will not permit
him to aDeak. Tears till his eyes until he
Is scarceiv able to write the check for one
hundred dollars ($100>.— Detroit Journal.
The work of loading the Belgian Kins
with supplies for Manila went on yes
terday and the steamer will sail next
Tuesday. ; The Kgbert is loading for Taku
with commissariat supplies and sho will
probably sail to-day. The I^ogan will get
away September 1 and the Federlca, load
ed with horses, about the end of the
month. The rush on the transport wharf
has subsided somewhat since the clear
ing of the Chinese situation.
STEAMER EIDSVOLD THAT WILL CARRY RUSSIAN SUPPLIES TO CHINA.
Dro-wned While Boating.
KANSAS CITY, Mo., Aug. 26.— Matthew
Hunter, aged 19 years, and Joseph Me
reno aped 16, were drowned in Troost
Park Lake to-nifrht while boating. They
tried to change their seats and their boat
capsized.
Ethical Institute Will Enlarge tho
Scope of Its Sunday Evening
lectures.
Ths rubject of the lecture delivered last
right by Benjamin Fay Mills at Metro
politan Temp!« before the Ethical Insti
tute was "The World to Come." Mr.
Mills save a brief scientific resume of the
¦world'B advancement and outlined what
zany be reasonably expected of the world
in the future physically. Intellectually and
morally. In conclusion he Eald:
L*>t t:« learn the lesson. Too long have -we
\>e~n blnfiirur ourselves by prohibitions an<J
flolllax oi:r h<arin*r with the eanctlons of tra-
C!*'.on Tho-jph better would ears be filled with
¦wax and thorurs bind man to the mast than
to ia.r.4 on th* Isie of the Sirens, to-nicht I
would strike on a rolden harp some notes of
the anthem of a rational future, producing the
tcuAoiy tit ju5tice and the entrancing harmony
f>f «. r~rfe<n love. May it aid eome of us to
T>zf* vi-nh disdain the *orcerous shore* of pride
and p-«Mu<!ie« and passion until we shall reach
the lor.^r-d-for heaw-n at an eterrtal content for
t.'.! and by the hely of all.
At the quarterly meeting of the Insti
tute at the conclusion of the lecture it
*.as de;lded to reduce the membership
fees to Jl for the ensuing four months
anri thereafter to f2 per annum. Four
new d«*p*rtments were organized, namely:
educatioi,ii, musical, children's lyceum
end foruti for prominent speakers, resi
flect and visiting. The following named
<"hiiirm**n were appointed: E. lionheim.
linanco coj.mittfe: David Hlrschler, mu
tlcal comnittee; Captain Turner, recep
tion commitee; TCaph. B. Greensfclder.
promotion committee.
FAY MILLS DISCOURSES
ON THE WORLD TO COME
Bark Pacifico That Left Puget Sound a Month Ago
Spoken Off the Coast With Foretopmast Gone.
BIG FLEET OF DEEP WATER SHIPS
MAKES PORT IN FAVORING GALES
OAKLAND. Aug. 26.— Warren D. Hea
tcn. a xirominent capitalist and an old
resident of Oakland, died suddenly this
•veiling at his home, 1ZZZ Webster street.
He had been sick only since this morning,
vhen he was stricken with pneumonia.
Heart failure was the supposed immediate
cause c£ death.
Deceased was born In Warren, Ohio,
Feventy-flvc year* ago. He came to Cali
fornia In 1K,2~ and engaged at once in min
ing. A considerable fortune was thus
amassed, and after a. number of years Mr.
Heato:: retired from active business. In
the early seventies be came to Oakland
.and built the home In which he died. At
1 ne time he was prominent In locaJ bank-
Ing circle?, being a director In one or two
financial institutions.
Warren D. Hcaton was a widower, his
¦wife having died about two years ago.
The only surviving relative in California
Is his step-daughter. Mrs. M. N. Leet, who
made her home with him. The deceased
was & Difmbcr of the Order of Odd Fel
lows. No arrangements have yet been
mafle for the funeral.
WARREN' D. HEATON, THE
AGED CAPITALIST, DEAD
Bold Thieves Make a Raid
in Sight of Police
Headquarters.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
HIS Broadway, Aug. 26.
Within one hundred feet of the police
station burglars played a bold game early
Saturday morning. They ransacked the
store of A. Schlueter & Co. at 1158 Wash
ington street and carried off considerable
money and a. large quantity of Jewelry
and small articles of merchandise. The
police attribute the crime to the same
gang of thieves that two weeks ago en
tered live stores and the California Bank
on Washington and Twelfth streets,
within a radius of two blocks from the
scene of this latest raid.
That the midnight prowlers should se
lect as the scene of operations a large,
well-lighted store so near the police head
quarters that the entrance is within the
glare of the electric lights of the prison
front is conclusive evidence to the mysti
fied detectives that an unusually daring
gang was at work. Tho burglary was
not discovered until the clerks arrived
at the store Saturday morning. Strange
to say, the policemen on the beat discov
covered "the store doors open during the
early hours of the morning watch, but
made no Investigation to ascertain
the reason for the unusual circum
stance. The fact that the doors were un
locked was reported at police headquar
ters during the night, but it was for the
employes to discover why the entrance
was open.
The door had been forced with some
Instrument, presumably a burglar's steel
"jimmy," the marks being plainly visible
under "a light. The clerks found that the
store shelves and showcases had been
overhauled, but only light portable
goods, such as small pieces of jewelry
and the like, were taken. The proprie
tors have not estimated the amount of
the loss, but It will probably run into
several hundred dollars.
As usual, tho burglars left nothing be
hind by which their identity might be
traced.
BURGLAHS WORK
ODDER GLARE OF
PRISON LIGHTS
THE several parlors of the State that
arc to take part in the grand parade
on September 10 will all endeavor to
make as creditable displays as the
expenditure of money and ingenuity in
presenting strange features can produce.
A numW of parlors have spent from
f4C«0 to $600 each on banners. Some of
these are gorgeous affairs, and each par
lor U of the opinion that it has the most
magnificent one to present to the gaze of
the admiring thousands who will line the
sidewalks and be at the windows on the
route of the procession. Sacramento Par
lor has a beautiful one, and so has Call-
fornia Parlor. These have been mounted
on wheels and will be an attractive fea
ture in the Native Sens' division. El Do
rado Parlor also has a fine one, which
likewise has been mounted on wheels and
will Ik- drawn by Shetland ponies.
The members of Ramona Parlor of Los
Angeles, who have secured headquarters
at the Grand Hotel, have arranged the
following programme for the days of fes
tivities: Saturday afternoon, September
8 — General reception and open house, mu
sic bv a string orchestra: in the evening
"at home" reception and general Intro
duction, dancing and electrical display.
September &— Open house and concert;
EMBLEMS OF CALIFORNIA PARLOR NO. 1 AND SACRAMENTO
PARLOR NO. 3.
V <7 NTVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA,
BERKELEY, Aug. K.— The fresh
\JJ men will be initiated into the
mysteries of military duty to
morrow morning at 11:15 o'clock.
The rr.tirc Fttidcnt body- and hundreds of
visitors alv.ays turn out to witness this
r.ffair, which, from a spectacular view
j<oint. is considered one of the most in
teresting annual events in college life.
Companies of freshmen are formed on
the roadway between North Hall and
P"Uth Jlall. Thr>?r> companies are then
subdivided into squads under the com
mand of non-commi*sioned officers from
the upper classes. The awkward squads
are maneuvered and paiaued at a hot
j>a^e Sn front of the spectators, much to
their amus-oment and to the delight of
t!:<? college humorists.
Professor Irving Stringham. head of
the department *>/ math«malic« at the
ur.ivi rttity. in expected back from Paris
next week. Professor Stringhe.m has
r>f-cn abroad tor a year pursuing higher
studies.
UNIVERSITY
HAPPENINGS
evening, promenade concert or tour of
visitation to other headquarters by such
members as may desire. September 10—
Participation in the grand parade and im
mediately after the parade banquet to
members and guests; evening, open house
and dancing and grand illumination of the
i front of headquarters. September 11—Re
ception to members of visiting parlors in
the afternoon; evening, electrical display
and a good-by ball.
The entertainment committee of the
celebration has been asked to report on
the feasibility of having all floats that
are to be shown during the day parade
form into a procession for a night parade.
The Idea was suggested by the honorary
member of the decoration committee,
who is of the opinion that floats are
shown to advantage only under the glare
of lime light or powerful searchlights.
While there are many who would like to
see a second procession, it is very doubt
ful if those who are getting these up will
be willing to stand the extra expense of
music, horses, drivers, attendants, red
tire and other lights to make an effective
showing. Some who have been spoken to
on the subject express themselves as sat
isfied with one parade.
This evening the parade committee will
close its list, and those organizations
that have not yet signllled a willingness
to take part in the parade will have to
take chances in being assigned a position
in line. Subordinates of bodies that have
accepted and will parade will be assigned
to the parent body, however.
There arc to be in the parade following
the National Guard antl league of the
Crops Cadets not less than eleven divi
sions of Native Sons and about eleven or
twelve other divisions, including two or
three divisions of the firemen. The Pio
neers will ride in carriages and they will
have several floats. The Veterans of the
Mexican War will also ride in handsome
ly decorated vehicles. It is doubtful if
more than forty of these,: who fought on
Mexican territory in the days of *46-'47,
can be mustered to take part In the dis
play.
Many Important questions came before
the country during Grant's first term
which had to dc with party divisions at
the election of 1S72. They arose largely,
though not wholly, from the difficulties
created by the war. In his dealing with
the extraordinary conditions existing in
the country General Grant had shown
that soldierly firmness, directness and
simple common sense which was charac
teristic of our other soldier Presidents.
His personal integrity was unquestioned,
as was his honest purpose to promote pur
ity and efficiency in all departments of the
Government. But he lacked, as many suc
cessful military leaders have lacked, the
qualities necessary for wise civil adminis
tration under the" more ordinary circum
stances of his second term, when he be
came the victim of his inability to make
judicious choice of political advisers and
subordinates.
The Southern Question.
The Congressional policy of reconstruc
tion adopted in 1NS7 paved the way for
endless abuses and wholesale corruption
In the chaotic South. Full political privi
leges were conferred upon the negroes by
the fourteenth and fifteeenth amendments,
while the most able and influential white
men were debarred from them. Vhen sn
in the period of "carpet-bag" rule of un
savory memory. It is but simple justice
to say that many of the "carpet-baggers
¦were upright, honest, self-sacrificing and
able men, sincerely desirous of aiding
their country and their fellow citizens in
an unprecedented and most difficult crisis.
Unhappily, tt is another class whose evil
courses have made that era a hissing and
a byword. Unscrupulous and greedy ad
venturers from the North made haste to
Improve the unique opportunity. They
u. s. grant.
Financial Questions.
quickly placed themselves at the head of
the dazed and Incompetent blacks, who
became an easy prey; they tilled the prin
cipal offices and pocketed most of the
plunder from the heavy taxes and huge
State debts which their methods fostered.
In some of the States, under this disgrace
ful leadership, protected by Federal mili
tary power, the negro majorities gained
full control, while In others the white
voters were able to soon restore white su
premacy. The situation led inevitably to
i fraud and violence, and the exasperation
i of the Southern people was extreme. In
I certain districts the elections became
sometimes mere carnivals of crime, the
powers of the Federal Government being
used In the most unblushing partisan
manner, while the opposite party respond
ed with artful Intimidation of their former
slaves and skillful use of their superioi
knowledge and power. Especially obnox
ious to the South were the Congressional
acts of 1S70 and 1S71. commonly callt*J the
force bills, imposing harsh penalties for
any interference with the negro franchise,
and the Ku-Klux movement was a sort
of retaliation to those measures. The
more violent phase of the agitation, how
ever died down ere long, and the general
amnesty act of 1872 aided the approach or
more quiet conditions. Various judicious
mollifying decisions of the Supreme Court
helped to clarify the views ana temper
the passions of all parties. The people
came slowly back to their senses. But the
long and serious strain upon the constitu
tional principles of our Government did
not end until those principles had been
subjected to the supreme test of the year
1 1876.
The last of the States to be readmitted
fulfilled the required conditions in July,
1S70 and reconstruction was complete: but
the'southern question was far from being
settled, and the several national conven
tions of 1S72 all pronounced upon the prob
lem. From that time on. however, party
readjustments took place -without much
reference to Southern affairs.
The creation of national banks under
Federal law in 1S63-64 was one of the war
measures of the Government. The orig
inal purpose was to create a market for
the Government : bonds. The system
proved successful and national bank notes
soon supplanted all. others. As a party
measure it was, however, subjected to
constant criticism by the opposition, as
was the issue of a full legal-tender paper
currency yet earlier.
The Republican party committed Itself
in lSt» in the speedy resumption of specie
payments, and also to the payment in
coin of the interest-bearing bonds of the
Government. Opposition to the national
banks has never fully died out, and in the
campaign of 1S72 the resumption policy of
the party and the too rapid reduction of
the national debt were also subjected to
criticism.
Annexation of San Domingo.
General Grant had strongly urged the
annexation of the negro republic of San
Domingo, and had labored with all his
powers to create a public sentiment In
favor of the scheme. Though the project
had been abandoned because of the oppo
sition of the Senate, yet in pushing the
matter with unwise Insistence the Presi
dent had alienated two of his strongest
party leaders— Sumner and Greeiey —
whose influence greatly helped the oppo
sition In his second canvass.
Civil Service Reform.
The Tariff.
The stupendous evils resulting from the
acceptance by both parties since the time
oc Jackson of the "spoils" system In po
litical administration had by this time be
come so apparent that serious uneasiness
was felt. The lonsr tenure of power in the
Republican party had developed those
evils to such scandalous proportions as
had never before been known. General
Grant heartily favored legal regulation of
admissions to the civil service, and the
first civil service reform act was passed
In 1S71. But so deep seated was the evil
and so unfortunate was the President in
his choice of persons to assist him In his
praisworthy efforts that the odium
fastened upon the party, and the admin
istration was such as to disgust and alien
ate many of their supporters.
The great increase In tarifT duties made
during the war was now filling the United
States treasury to overflowing and an em
barrassing surplus was accumulating. A
widespread demand for tariff reform
spread over the land, being particularly
strong In the West, whose agricultural
population had failed to derive from the
high war duties a fair share of the ad
vantage. In that part of the country
party lines were threatening to disappear
as the tariff question gained prominence.
In all the platforms of the numerous
parties or factions holding conventions In
1S72 some reference is made to the desired
regulation of duties.
"Liberal" Republican Convention.
The tendency toward a combination of
the several elements opposed to Grant
¦was first manifest in Missouri as early as
1S70, and from that State came the prop
osition for a national convention of those
Republicans calling themselves "liberal"'
to nominate a Presidential ticket. A
movement tending to divide the Demo
cratic party appeared about the same
tima in Ohio, and by the time the liberal
Republican convention met a large pro
portion of the national Democratic party
was ready to join with them to defeat
Grant.
The convention, which met in Cincin
nati in May. was really a mass meeting,
having no regular party organization. A
long platform was adopted arraigning the
administration In scathing terms for wan
tonly seeking to destroy the fundamental
principles of constitutional government
and charging the President in person
with partisan corruption' and the prosti
tution of his official power to personal
ends. It pledged the party to maintain
the Union and to accept the results of
the war; demanded universal amnesty,
restoration of the writ of habeas corpus,
thorough civil service reform, mainte
nance of the public credit and speedy re
turn to specie payments. A majority of
the convention were pronounced free
traders, but they were persuaded to yield
that principle to the necessity for uniting
all the forces of opposition to Grant, and
a. resolution framed by the great protec
tionist, Greeley, was accordingly passed
with reluctance, and on th<» sixth ballot
Greeley was nominated for President, B.
Gratz Hrown of Missouri was made can
didate fur Vice President.
"Regular" Republican Convention.
Grant was nominated by acclamation
by the National Republican Convention
at Philadelphia and Henry Wilson was
nominated for Vice President on tho flr3t
ballot. The platform gave much space to
vaunting the achievements of the glorious
party during its eleven years of suprem
acy. It demanded complete liberty and
exact equality in civil and political rights
for all men. irrespective of race, color,
creed or previous condition of servitude:
approved civil service reform: favored a
well-regulated protective tariff, suppres
sion of disturbances in the South and
protection of the ballot box; supported
the amnesty act. and deprecated uncon
stitutional interference with the reserved
rights of the people.
"Regular" Democratic Convention.
Kighteen State Democratic conventions
met before the assembling of the national
convention at Baltimore and instructed
their delegates to indorse the platform
and candidates of the Cincinnati conven
tion. It was accordingly done, though
not without some strongly expressed op
position and much more that was silent.
Straight Democratic Convention.
The great dissatisfaction among tho
Democrats with the action of their party
members In the Cincinnati and Baltimore
conventions led to still another conven
tion, called at Louisville. Ky. It met in
September, with a large attendance. The
platform adopted exalted the State in the
extreme States' rights fashion: set forth
constitutional views of the strictest con
struction type; repudiated the Baltimore
convention and declared In favor of tariff
for revenue only. Tho candidates wcro
Charles O'Conor of New York and John.
Qulr.cy Adams of Massachusetts. Both
gentlemen declined the honors thrust
upon them, but they nevertheless received
some 20.00<) votes.
Minor Conventions.
The labor reformers held the first con
vention of the year at Columbus. Ohio, in
February. Their platform was an impos
ing document. It set forth the duty of
the Government to provide "a purely na
tionaal circulating medium, based on tho
faith and resources of the nation, issued
directly to the people without the inter
vention of any system of banking corpo
0% * A. A A. £\
rations," such money to be full legal
tender for all debts. It called for modi
fication of the tariff, for an eight-hour
working day. for civil service reform and
a one-term Presidency. David Davis of
Illinois and Joel Parker of New Jersey
were nominated, but in June both wlth-
The Prohibitionists also chose can
didates—Judge Black of Pennsylvania and
John Russell of Michigan— and put forth
a lengthy statement of views, making
legislative prohibition of the sale of in
toxicating drinks the leading principle.
The Election.
Though the final result was never
really in doubt, a somewhat exciting cam
paign took place. Mr. Greeley had done
long and worthy service for his party and
many were grieved at his defection. Ho
carried through an energetic canvass, tak
ing the unusual step of making a series
of stump speeches himself. His death
before the meeting of the electors was
believed to be due to his heart-broken
disappointment at the result of the popu
lar election. The resular Republican
ticket won with a large increase of tho
popular vote, due largely to the disorgani
zation In the Democratic party. That
party had now reached Its lowest ebb ana
seemed on the point of going Irretrievably
to pieces.
Conflict of State Government*.
The count of the electoral votes la
February, 1S73. gave rise to many dis
puted questions, the most important of
which were those pertaining to the Stato
of Louisiana, Political quarrels there had
brought about the formation of two re
turning boards, each claiming to be legit
imate The returning board had authority
to canvass the votes cast and to reject
those of all counties, or parishes, whero
Illegal means had been used. Thus two
State Governments and two Legislatures,
one Republican and one Democratic, were
declared elected and demanded recogni
tion by Congress, and two sets of electors
forwarded Presidential returns to Wash
ington. After much discussion both seta
of returns were finally rejected by vote
of both houses. This was the first case to
arise involving contests between two con
flicting State governments. We were to>
hear more of them In after years.
JESSE MACY.
Iowa College.
SANTIAGO DE CUBA, Aug. 26.—Gover
nor Central Wood was officially banquet
ed last night by the Republican and Dem
ocratic parties. The civil Governor, the
Archbishop of Cuba, the principal judicial
and civil dignitares and a hundred repre
sentative merchants were present.
The Archbishop said the time had ar
rived for peace. He said he was happy to
greet tho people of the United States In
the person of General Wood.
Senor Tamayo, Secretary of State, said:
"General Wood is the true friend of Cuba.
The United States Government is sincere
in the promises it has made."
Governor General Wood on rising was
greeted with shouts of approbation and
"vivas," which were taken up by 3(M> peo
ple, assembled cutside the clubhouse. He
spoke in part «ia follows^*
Whatever the ultimate destiny of Cuba may
be, its immediate future is Independence. Thl3
Is no pointful move on the jiart of thu Unlterl
States, but a sincere desire to do what Is
ripht. Therefore I beg you. as a personal fa
vor to me a»d to the United States Govern
ment to sink your present differences and pas
&ion3 ftrtil to send ni<^n to t h<5 con vent-ion who
are renowned for honor and capacity, so that
the convention may mean more than the Cu
bans even now anticipate.
I rare r-ot what your narty politics are; but
whatever they are, for the present party con
sl'lt rations must be suspended for the sake, of
thtt great end in view; the end that will make
I is t:;ry and affect the welfare of all Cuban
people.
Your dele-ates must be competent to draft
a constitution. Bear in mind t^at no consti
tution which does not provide for a stablo gov
ernment will be accepted by the United States.
I v, ish to avoid making Cuba Into a second
llaytien. although I do not think that possi
ble.
You want liberty for ell and for no particular
party. The United States insists that you
shall have It. This Is possible and easily pos
Bit-I?. We have said it to the world. It lies
with vnu to helD us make our word good.
Your enemies predict failure. Tho people of
the I'nifMl States and their representatives
hope to see you defeat these predictions. If we
were not vour friends, we would not seek
the best men you have, tut would seek the dls
turhe' 1 and the malcontent to represent you in
the convention. We seek and demand the best
you have. Aciln I say. send pepole to the
convention who will hereafter make your po
litical system workable and permanent.
• General Wood's speech is considered by
Cubans to be the most important declara
tion made since the American occupation
began. ,
The Cuban flaer was rnised over the pal
ace to-day by General Wood's permission,
thousands of Cubans witnessinK the cere
mony. Later in the afternoon the Ameri
can, Cuban and Spanish (lags were fas
tened together in decorations in the prin
cipal theater, where General Wood was
present. This was the first time the
Spanish flag was> exhibited since the evac
uation.
Governor Is Tendered an
Ovation by Thousands
of Persons.
Governor Urges Cubans to Send Best
Men Obtainable in the Island,
Irrespective of Party,
to Convention.
BANQUET TO
GENERAL WOOD
AT SANTIAGO
Copyright, 1900, by Seymour Eaton.
AMERICAN POLITICAL PARTIES.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
HIS Broadway, Aug. 2G.
rhe result of the primary elections yes
terday left little to bo decided for an aft
ma*tfc. The votes were all decisive if all
*».e agreements are lived up to, and the in
c:cat!or.s are that they will be.
S-.:ito Senator E. K. Taylor of Alaaieda
¦wr-s to-Blght announced as a candidate for
Presidential Elector from this district,
subject to the action of the Republican
ItEte Convention at Santa Cruz. The
Third Congressional District will be er.tl
t>d to one Presidential Elector, and Ala
rr..ia. County is by far the largest Integral
ran or this district and can name the
Elector if it wishes. Senator Ta>lcr vrou'.d
like that honor. Senator Taylor will have
th« Korty-sixth and Forty-seventh Assem
bly flletricts in this county to begin with,
r.one of the other delegations having been
tanvassed upon this point.
As a matter of fact the delegates to the
Ftate convention were so loosely selected
that no one seems to know even the
: arnes of those voted for. The county
commit: (-emen in each district named the
<1*-:eeatfE. and few ballots were cast fur
them— just enough to legalize their elec
tion. Very litlle Interest was taken in
this election or the election for d» legates
to the county convention, ¦which will nom
inate Judges.
The Forty-ninth Assembly District sn
r.ounced its intention of standing by the
agreement upon Supervisor In the Fifth
I'istrlot. and that -will mean the nomina
tion of John Mitchell.
The Democrat! :ire already talking of
rcniJr.atirg either Torn Lnndregan or ei-
FherifT Gaivj:; B. White in opposition to
Mitcbell. W. S. Pelouze will run as an
Independent, and there is every prospect
of a lively fight. In this district.
There is foatc talk of the Democrats
ruminating R. W. Miller, formerly School
I'irertor and an ardent Bryan Democrat,
for CcrgrPFs. Mr. Miller is earnestly or-
Far.izing Democratic clubs - in Oakland.
Hiram Ijuttzdl is hi? principal opponent
in Oakland.
Democrats Talking of Miller for Cca
rrress—Men Who Are in the
Raee fcr Supervisorial
Nominations.
Man Prom Alameda Would
Like to Assist in Mak
ing a President
SENATOR TAYLOR
MENTIONED FOR
AN ELECTORSHIP
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, AUGUST 27, 1900.
BEAUTIFUL BANNERS ARE TO BE
SHOWN ON THE DAY OF PARADE
Various Native Son
Parlors Throughout
the State Striving
to Make Unheard-of
Displays During the
Big Jubilee.
HOSE
XIX.
THE CALL'S
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
7
THE GREELEY CAMPAIGN,
HORACE GREELEY.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALLr MONDAY. AUGUST 27, 1900.
8
SAX FRAACISCO CALL. j
BrSIXEES OFFICE cf The San Francisco J
rail, crmer of Market and Third streets, open !
vr.t!! 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRAXCH OFFICES— £17 Montgomery street,
terser Clay; or>en until S:30 p. tn.
£00 Hayes rtreet: orcn until 9:10 p. ra- '
C29 M^AJlIrter rtreet; open until 9:30 p. m.
(11 Larkln street; open until 9:30 p. ra.
1541 mason rtrtet; open until 10 p. m.
Cifl S'axlct street, corner Sixteenth; open
t. : : . i S P. Til.
VG Clevcath Btreirt; cren until 3 p. tn.
ISM Valencia street: cp'tn until 9 p. m.
Nrrthwes-C corner Twcnty-sf.'ond a&d Ken-
t:.<L\ry tirc-p*e: rp>r. until 'j p. m.
aiEETI>G .\OTZCES.
C-OLPEN GATE Commandery No. :6. 1
K T-. Colden Gate building. «C'> Putter *3%^ !
Ft.— Special ssseir.'j'y THIS EVENING jfT i
at 8 l/dOCk. The orrier o'. the Temple AS j
will b« conferred. AU fraters are cour- '?
teouslv Invited. j
ROBERT MciTILLAN. Em. Co:n.
"JVM. T. FOXPA. Recorder.
, ~~ ' jT~ I
FAX FKAXriSCO Chapter Xo. 1. Royal _P__ i
Arch Uaaooc. meets THIS EVENING. Tt3f :
P- A. Jtgree. . !
OOCXDEKTAL Lodn Xo. S2. F. and A. ft j
M.-THIS (MONDAY > EVENING at _£*__, j
7:30 o' clack. Second degree. By order TSXf !
""WALTER O. ANDERSON. Secretary. ';
TRIUMPH Lodse Xo. ISO. A. O. U. W.- i
Officers nrd members: You are notl j<v^- '
fied to attend the funeral of our late tL''jS<c
brother. MARK KLINE, from resi- QaKs 5 *
c»nce. 133S ft. Cr.ar>« rt.. Alameda, at 1:30
p. tt... August TL Interment Odd Fellows' I
Cemetery. U- 1>. B. RICHARDa
J. II. CATHAN. Recorder. j
PHMEL. camp mectlr.p. Beulah Park. East |
Oakl&r.d. S<?rt. 1 to J?ertt. :6. I
STOCKHOLDERS" meeting— Thi California j
r>r>dcck rcmriiiriy.— Notice Is hereby given I
:h-t a meerlrp of the stockholders of tirt- The j
California I'rjdrvck Ci-mpaay will be held at i
ihe crfiee cf fald company, Xo. 802 California j
urm. Tsji Francisco. California, on THL'RS- ;
I->AV. Aujruft 30. 1SD0. at the hour of 11 o'clock ;
a. ra. of that day. tcr tre purpose of de'er- j
mininR nh»ther said corporation shall be di>>- {
waived, and cf voting; upsn a proposition to ;
£:gfol\e ihe corpnraiim, anl for the trans- \
action of *uch other business as may come '¦
before the meeting. By order of the board uf ;
<".!rectore. XT. K. RUSSELL.
Frcretary The California J>rydock Company. ]
AGENTS WAXTED.
TP.AVKI.EU rxi-erlencPd In dry poods, carpets, j
«-ti?.; onimlsFion; rr*lf expenses advanced; a I
r.rFt-class mar. only; references. Box 1914,
Call ofSce. 1
AGENTS of ability and experience in life ir.sur- !
aiice. CaJI at room 10L 1'37 Market, cor. Sixth. •
WE handle rewert noveities frr agent*. PA- 1
OIF1C AGENTS' PUPPLY CO.. 34C1 ISth Et. j
ASTROLOGY.
MME. HICKEY. astrclcRist; pet your horoscope j
with full explanation of your future, SOc: card i
rradlrg and palmistry. tZc. lf'33 Mission yt. j
ATTOHXEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty: private; :
no fee without fjecess; collections. G. W.
HOV.E. any ai law. (¦:.(• Market. cor.Stockt^n.
APVICE frfe; R. \vTkixG. 32T~Market St.. r. j
fCT; all case? and collections; money loaned, j
KREE advice; divorce laws, damaees. estates, j
co!Iectlcns. J. A. Mitchell. S14 Montgomery, j
ADVICE fr*"*: no charge unless successful. \V. j
¦\Y. DAVIDSON. 1'27 Market ft., opp. Mascn.
L. e. CLAKJv. Emma Ppreckels bldp.. fT: Mar- t
CISTER. I1EKMAX J., attorney. 927 Market
Ft., r. £"5: open eve., 7-9: confutation free, j
BATH CABIXETS.
ROBIXSOX tS, 4-rar.el folding; door opens; firm
y.d rcto. W. P. HUOWX. cen. agt.. i26 Elllg.
DCSUk'ESS CUANCES.
A-J'**: PALOOX with S furnished rooms; rent
JIO; plaoe doing a good business and is eur-
rounded by warehouses and factories; com- I
mtrcial lunch from 11 to 1 o'clock: a splendid i
opening. Call R. tJ. WILKE, -t'.s Kearny Et.
A— $400; COnXER procery and bar, with 4 liv-
ing ro<>ms; rent SIS; on i-anchcz st. ; owner 1
firic in bed and must sell at once; a rare j
ohanc-.. K. G. WILKE. L'tJij Kcamy St. :
/.-5I '•; BAKERY. 1 blocks south of Market •
Ft.; pi?. 1 ?* c-s-tah. yt-ars; doing a Rood business; |
&.'. fti n- ira->: rent tSO: I 1 * to 2 barrels per
day. Particulars H. G. WILKE. 26^ Kearny.
A— S.".V»; CORNER taloon in wholesale district; !
cstab. n-.ar.y jfars and duing a good business; 1
xt-iu JJO; a tirst-clafa proi>osilion. Call It. G. j
WJLXE. :S"'* Kearny Pt.
A— t"J<: CANDY etore and Icecream parlor In
Oakland; tw-autlfully furnished and a No. 1
laving business; rect JGO; ovro<T compelled
hy 111 hpaith to retire. See R. G. WILKE,
l<i\s Kfarny ft.
Jl — S12T-0: OLO-ESTAB. restaurant: close to
Chrcnicle building; average re-.-tipts about Jti 1 )
per day; rrnt $?.*•; a splendid offer; owner will j
fellow 5 days' trial. Call R. G. WILKE. 2S!i j
Kearny Et. I
MAPJON' GRIFFIN] ~ I
71? Market ft., room 1. Tel. Black 1SCI.
All kinds of businesses: these are samples: '
Ciear store; rent 116; nice; central $150 1
Branch bakery, candy and notions 300
Restaurant; clears $150; 4 living rooms 350
Fruit Etcre. cigar?, etc.; reat $30; paying:.. 400
DeMcatets-en; clears $125; 4 living: rocms.. 4T.0 j
Dining-room: first class; all new €00 ;
Wine business: 20CO gallons on hand 60O j
Stationery etore; especially nice for lady.. 110O j
Grocery end bar. $2Jfl. $130") and 1SW 1
Hook store; t>\% eu>ck; clears $200 month.... 2500 j
Saloon*. $50", ii'J> and 600
1575— GROCERY acd bar; rood location. $3003—
grocery end bar; worth Investigation. $1J5O —
Restaurant, country tewn: profits $2000 7 yrs.
KREDQ & DCTTOX. 26 Geary St.
J3S0*— SALOON : best on Market Bt. : paylnsr $300
per month: nothing better. KREDO & DUT-
TOX, £6 Geary Et.
$CV>- ERAXCH bakrry and notions; 3 nice
rooms; rrrits $18: $10 daily. KREDO & DUT-
TON. 26 O«-»ry st.
$5iy>— LADIES' tailoring and dressmaking busi-
ness : retiring oauf=e of tale. McLAUGHLlX
& CO.. T7T'» Market «t.
fi:*— RESTAURANT; bargain this day. Mc-
LAUGHLlX & CO., 777^! Market et.
Ilt'-O— CORNER grocery and bar: bargain; this
day. MCLAUGHLIN & CO.. 77714 Market Bt.
UW — SHOE Etcre: near city; making and re- j
pairing. McLAfCHLIX & CO.. 777Vi Markf-t. j
$30" — PARTNER vrar.ted ; respectable office
bueinPF.--; «*5tabli*.hPd for ypars; (rood returns I
r<-. r little motk. LANE & CO.. 655 Market st.
tZty— BREAD, milk, candy, notions, stationery,
etc.; near schools: good stock: fine business;
nice nr.s.; chcai> rent. Lane & Co., 865 Mkt.
ItnSTAT'RAXT *stabllFh'>d 1« years for Bale;
reasonable. Inquire Call office.
SALOON on busy etreet: doing gno4 business.
Particulars U. E. Brewery. '£13 Fulton Et.
ISM CAHH. cr Sts equivalent, buys a payir.g
firrt-clar* hardware business In a growing
town TrlthJn 10 ml'.e«> of Pan FYancisco; stork
new and comclete; pales shewing a daily pro- j
fit of iZL. Address THOMPSON. 1215 Call big.
CORXER grocery and bar for sale; location j
one of the b?st in the city; barsaln: estab-
lished JS years: rent cheap. For particulars
call at room 427. rourth floor. Parrott butid-
lr.g, San Fraxc!seo.
tJSCO— COAL and tf-i yard and express busl-
ne»s; « horses and 5 wagons; good building;
living moms; long lease; excellent chance;
good location. 2S"; Elxteer.ta st.
TO rent— Fcr coal yard, milk depot, etc.; fine
location: r'.are is entirely covered; contains 3
f*t*!!s; rer.t onlv $15; water free. Inquire AVM
HEXrmiCKSON- & CO.. CM Call building. '
XETVLT furnl'bed. 9 rooms; permanent room- •
«rf: rent rcasonab?*: good reason for Belling.
Address box 1C»". Call office.
OYSTER and chop hou.-e for eale cheap on ac- !
count of akknefg. at 6 Eighth st. '¦
FOR SALE— Country siioe shop. For particu-
lars ar-t'.y rv9 ;/:,sr.; ; tl.
STATIONERY etore. $700; no agents. Box~l€sJ!
Call crfice.
GOOD grocery and ea'.oon for eale; no trifteri
need apply. Bex 16S1, CalL
$250— FUCE corner saloon for sale. Ill* Harri-
son wt.. corner Lansrton.
VAXTDD— To buy stationery »tor« for cash.
Bex :679. Call.
OOJTPEE and tea routes supplied from GEO
T\\ CASWELL & CO.. 412 Sacramento st.
EALOOX ar.d cafe, centrally located : great op-
portunity for live ri8n; mut-t be seen to be i
appreciated. Addrery bog 1SS1. Call offlce. !
A BRAXCH office lor Call advertisements and
rub^crlptlcns has been established at 1036 Va-
lencia rt. .
CHEAPEST and be«t In America— The Weekly
CaJl. 16 pages, cent to any address In the
T'ritod States or Canada, one year for $1.
CAKUIAGES A\U WAGONS.
ALL kinds cf warons. bu^sie*. carts, harness,
etc.. cheap. EGAX & SON. £117 Mission ft.
2 KOKFES and buggies cheap. :<K3 A*!i ave.,
cfT LiffUM «=t-. bet. Kulton and McAllister.
ANA Xo. 1 express wagon * single, also light
camping wagon, for eale cheap. "! Mission.
VKW & 2d-hand wapons, buggies, carts & har-
tjzta, work «fc driving norse*. 15th & Valencia. ,
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
MARION GRIFFIN.
713 Market Et.. room No. 1. Tel. Black 1803.
lCi rocms.elegant, Xo. 1. first-class $10,000
65 rooms, t-unny cor., full, pays well — 5.W0
63 rooms, central, clears IliO month 3.EM)
44 rooms, clean, new. full, part cash 3,(XW
3d rooms, transient cor. down town 1.S00 [
18 rooms, central, full and profitable.... <oo ,
14 rooms, full of m<>n roomers, bargain. 450
10 rocms, VA, IM, R00. 373. tU>, 003 200 .
Dozens more: come and find out about them.
I have cash buyer*. List your house with me.
IS ROOMS on Golden Gate ave nw°
S rooms ilowii town; new furniture w} |
SC roctus on Market Kt. at a bargain. |
II ro«r.-is on O'Farrcll *°^
21 roorus liowii {own fi ' w
EMERY & SMITH, 3 Eddy St.. room 1.
J1S00 WILL buv 22-roomed house; good loca-
tion: north Mkt. EMERY & SMITH. 3 Eddy. !
A-S-ROOM ro^m'nE-h.-.us;: central $1000 j
ll-room hcufp : $309 down, balance easy... :>oo |
20- room hoi:«f-: firM-«.-Iass 10w
iO-roora h-juse; all newly furnished 3100
ll-room hoc*"". M7S. 6-room flat........... ~-j :
FISHER i CO.. 1032 Market st. ]
HOUSES frtm'lOMto" ISO rooms; good locations;
honest value, perfect title* guaranteed to buy- ,
ers; money lcsr.e"!: tn buy or sell your lodg- |
Ir.s- hcuee or furniture and secure satisfaction j
write or call BCHWEIKHABD & CO.. £17
Market rl., abo\e Fifth; tel. Mint 1911. j
15 ROOMS newly furnished; must sell $800 j
10-rootn flat; r*-nt $3250: barpain..... S^U
C. D. DAVIS, room €?, 916 Market pt.
4S ROOMS; mortgaged; only SGCO cash $2400
63 rooms: fineM hoow in Hty: fS"O : suit nice
family. C. D. DAVIS, room C9. 916 Market st.
5300—17 HOOMS: rent $30; $200 down, balance in- 1
bailments. Tf'i Clay fl. j
CAMPAIGN PHOTO BUTTONS.
MFY of all kinds of photo buttons and Jewelry; j
wholesale and retail; send for catalogue. ,
Miniature Portrait Co., 933 Market gt.. fr. !•¦ j
CARPET BEATING AXD CLKAX1NG. j
WHEN you become diftusted with poor work •
send to BPAULDING'8 Pioneer Carpet-Beat- j
ing Works, 253-257 Tehama St.; teL South 49.
J. McQi;EEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co.. ;
J. E.~M ITCH ELL Carprt-Beatini? and Reno-
vatlng Co.. "40 Fourteenth st.: teL Mission 74. ;
CITY" Pteam Carp*-t-B>-atlng Work". G. II. 1
STEVENS, mjtr... 3S-40 Sth st. ; tel. South !
CARPETS cleaned fit 3c per yard, laid at 4c. |
STRATTOVS. 3 Eighth St.; tel. Jessie 944.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Suitor St.:
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM. proprietor.
COXKLIX'S C.irpet-F.»at!ns Works, 332 Golden !
«'ate ave.: telp^non* Fast 126. ' j
COTTAGES TO LET. :
BUNNY cottage, Perry St.; rent reason- •
able. Apply G. H. UMBSEN & CO., U Mont- j
corr.cry st. j
jiORE, ~5. near Sth— Rear cottage. 2 furnished j
housekfepinp room*: folding bed. |
4 SUNNT rooms and yard, $10. 6 Rincon ave.. j
l;ey 6C3 Fecond St. |
SriKITCALISM. I
ARRIVED— Mrs. Vr. Farnham, world-renowned \
Fflritual medium; advice In all affairs of life; j
lawsuits, divorces, <leaths; unites the separat- j
f\: rnlninp a tp*-<"ialty ; clrs. Sun.. Wed.. Kri. j
eve's; come end be convinced. (Permanently) 1
n* EdJy. bet. Hyde and Larkln; no sign. ;
MEETING to-night: convincing tests piven. ]
MRS. WARREN, from the East. 123$ Howard.
T P. MATCIIETT will hold circle to-night, 8
o'clock: 10c; test to t!l. 132 Fourth st.
. — !
MRS. LESTER— Circle this eveninp. 8 o'clock, j
10e: sittings dally. C"c. 127 Turk stf j
MRS. HOTTER, 24 Sixth st.. circle to-day. 2 &
8 p. m.; 10o; sittings daily; «., $1; L., SOc.
GO to WATSOX, spiritual medium and palmist; !
lucky an-1 tru»: 25c. SOc. 15S1 Market, nr. 12th. j
FRIENDSHIP Hall, 335 McAllister— Mrs. C. J. j
Meyer, sit. daily; convlnc'g tests to-night 10c. 1
MRS. J. J. WH1TXEY, clairvoyant, tost, business ;
medium, life reailpr: Fittincs $1- 1104 Market, j
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil & second sl£ht.
diafmo*»s disease with life readings: ladiesSOc; I
Bents fl; palm. & clair. sit. $1 50. 128 Turk st. j
ISMAR, the Egyptian K7PS7 clairvoyant and j
palmist, permanently located 114$ Market, opp.
fith: private readings daily 10 a. m. to 5 p. m. I
MME. ZEREDA. the gypajr. Is the preat palm- 1
lFt and card reader; 25c. 7 Seventh; no sign.
MRS. RENNER. 12$ Fern ave.. bet. Sutter and
nush. nr. Polk: planet reader; ladles only 23c.
MME. HANSON, palmistry, card reader; past,
present, future, 25c. 14S Sixth et., room 14.
MRS. MELVILLE, well-known clairvoyant and
water reader, moved to 11. 6th; Oermanspokn.
MME. FCHAFFER. clairvoyant, card reader; |
Flttlnss dally. 212% Sixth st. |
MME. MAJORS, clfted spiritual medium and
healer: satisfaction (guaranteed. 132 6th, r. 1. !
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and i
palmistry; truth or no pay; 25c. 1U9 Mission, j
MME RAVENNA reads life fluently: business J
advice: names given: 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
MME. SYBILLE— Cradle to grave; future hus- j
band's picture. 25c; ladles. 914 O'Farrell st. ;
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Asrency— Xo charge un- j
lees successful. Room 310. S27 Market st. )
DE.\TISTs!
AT the ELECTRO-DEXTAL CLIXIC, S03 Mar-
ket £t.. cor. 4th. rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without platen our specialty; gold crowns, j
$3 bO up; plates, extractions free, $4 CO up: of- j
flee hours, 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. ; Sundays, 3 to 2 1
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSOX, M. D:. Manager. I
A— DR. V. CAVALSKY has returned from i
the Paris Exposition with come of the finest j
patents for painless dentistry, plates, teeth
without a plate, crown and bridge work; all
wcrk warranted; plates, full set. $5; fillings,
E0c; crown. $3 jOl Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 6th.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges !
and fllllnps; extractions or fillings by my won- j
dorful secret, painless method; 20 years' ex- i
perience; no students: advice free; prices :
cbf-apeft and srua ran teed; lady attendants. ;
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 10 OVFarrell St. j
CROWN and bridge work experts; our work Is \
unexcelled and our prices are the lowest: call j
and pee our samples ar.d get our prices before j
going elsewhere: best of references; exnmina- :
tlon free. DRS. PERKINS & DOVEY. 1019
Market et., bet. Sixth and Seventh: elevator. ;
TEETH extracted free; plates. $5; crowns, $3 50; •
bridtrework, $5; all the latest methods for i
painless dentiptry; hours. 9 a. m. to 9 p.' m. ¦
Modern Dental Parlors, 1206 Market, cor. G. CT. i
Di£~LUDLt:M HILL. 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh !
— No charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over -Ilka new; teeth
frcm $S per set: extracting. 50c; gas given.
DR. ALBERT HILL. SM Market, cor. Stockton,
for a perfect set of teeth and teetb without
plates; lowest prices for best work.
PARIS Dental Parlor. 235 Kearny, cor. Bush—
F"ull fet of teeth, $4; crowns. $3: fllMngs, 25c.
VAN VROOM — "Painless"; evenings and Eun-
days. 1001 Market st., corner Sixth.
SET of teeth without plate. IJR II. G.
YOUNG. 1M1 Polk Bt.
DOG HOSPITALS.
DR. BUZAP.D'S Dog Hospital. Post. Fillmore—
Advice and medicine, 75c: city visits, $1 50; all
animals troated: dogs boarded. Trl West 638.
DR.CREKLY f SC. P. mange cure and worm pills
by druggists or at hospital. .M0 Golden Gateav.
URKSSSJAKKRS AND SISAaiSTKESSKS
McDOWELL Dressmaking and Millinery
School; patterns cut to order. 1019 Market st.
S. F. Dressmaking, Ladles' Tailoring and Mil-
linery School: French system. 411 Van Xcss.
ACCORDION pleating factory: all k!n<ls pleat-
ing. 1 Inkine. 121 Post, over O'Connor&Moftatt.
'I
EDUCATIONAL.
AYRES' Busings College. 723 Market St.; Ufa
ccholarship, $50; Includes shorthand, typing,
bookkeeping, telegraphy; day and evening;
just edded, new business practice offices and
20 n«?w typewriters; catalogue free.
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
Echool for the university, law and medical
colleges; references. President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Pbelan bulldlne.
FP.EXCH reading* and dramatic art— Private
and .lueses taught by MI.SS BLANCH BOU-
VI ERE. Lyc-'um Theater School of Actlnx.
j no-il2 O'Fairell st.
BOOKKEEPIXG or shorthand; If you want to
learn In a limited time take private lessons
from an experienced teacher. M. W. COR-
NELL, room 63. Thurlow block. 128 Kearny.
BOOKKEEPIXG, free trial; private lessons; 8
mos. in college not equal to 8 wks. with me;
$25. TARR, t-xpert accnt.. 43 Parrott bldg.
ENGINEERINGS, civil, elec, mining., mech. sur-
vey, assay, cyanide, arch. : day. eve.; est. 1864.
VAX DER XAILLEX SCHOOL. 923 Market.
ALL students but two taking full course this
y»ar sot position*. BAN FRANCISCO BUS1-
NESS, COLLEGE. .1236 Market st.
HEALD'8 BUSIXESS COLLEGE, 24 Post St..
S. F. ; founded 1863; SO-page catalogue free.
CALIFORNIA Business College. 805 Larkln—
1 All branches; thorough; positions ¦ecurwL.
__ EDUCATIONAL. /..
PIANO and German; pupil of Conservatory In
Lelpslc: lessons 75c. 320 Golden Gate ave.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc., day or eve.; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
LE JEUNE Art and Craft School: modeling,
deslprninjr, carving, all branches. 424 Plna st.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
A — JAPANESE and Chinese employment con-
tractor: estab. over 10 years; all kinds help.
421 Post bL, near Powell; telephone Bush 135.
UXIOX Japanese-Chinese emp. offlce— Best help
l'urn.: domestic lerv. 417 Powell: tel. Bush 376.
ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japanese, Chi-
nese help. 426 Powell.nr.Suttsr; tel. Black £072.
JAPANESE and Chinese Employment Office;
best help furn. ; tel. John 2121. S06% Stockton.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office —
Best help. 411V 2 O'Farrell St.; tel. East 426.
EMl'LOYMEXT WANTED — KKMALK.
FRENCH nursoglrl wants a position; no Eng-
lish. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter St.
FIRST-CLASS Swedish 000k desires situation;
hest of references. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter.
YoUNG woman wishes a position to do cook-
Ing or general housework in American family,
gooti references; wages $20 to $25. Please ap-
piy o'.'l Oak St., corner Octavia.
2 SCANDINAVIAN cisters want situations to-
gether, one as cook, the other as second or
nurse girl. Call at 1427 Buchanan St., near
Ellis. In rear.
KlUKT-CLASS German cook ..and helper want
places together in hotel, restaurant or board-
ing-house; best references. 242 Natoma st.,
basement.
RELIABLE woman, good cook, wishes situa-
tion In private family to do housework. 56
Col ton Et.
COMPETENT girl wishes any kind of work.
Box -J030. Call office.
NEAT young clrl wishes a place to assist in
housework. Call at 393 Sixth st.
RESPECTABLE lady companion to elderly
lady or housekeeper for one to three persona;
<-ld>rly preferred; neat and economical; small
wasrea. Address box 4008, Call offlce.
A SCANDINAVIAN woman wishes a position;
is a first-c!?8s cook; best of city reference;
wapps iV.: olty^r country. 333>4 Third st.
WANTED, by voung woman of education and
refinement; * position as companion; good
roatlcr; go>d disposition; no objection to leav-
ing city: wages moderate. Box 1931, Call.
WIDOW with 11-year-old child desires position
as housekeeper: I years' references; country
preferred. 2S6 Shipley St.. near Sixth.
ELDERLY lady wishes situation to assist in
llKht housework; small pay. 20 Eddy St..
roo:n 21, first floor. *
RELIABLE young woman wishes position to do
light housework with 2 or 3 adults; moderate
wanes; no yostals; references. Call 650 Xa-
toma ft.
A YOUNG German woman desires work by the
day in private families. Add. box 4017, Call.
WASHING, ironing and house cleaning wanted
bv an American woman; work first class. Box
40C3, Call office. '
WOMAX wishes plain sewing to do at home.
£21 Mission st., room 1.
RESPECTABLE woman with a child desires
situation as working housekeeper in small
family: city or country; good manager. 616
Capp st.
WANTED— A position by a respectable woman
fhort time from East; Is good, plain cook and
neat worker. Call 25 Fifth st.
A GOOD washer and lroner wants family wash-
ing to do at home. Call 511 McAllister st.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third Bt.. near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms: 25c to $150 night; $150 to $6
week; convenient and respectable; free bus
and baggage to and from ferry. . .
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 103G
Valencia St.
EMPLOYMENT AV ANTED — MALE.
SITUATION by a practical engineer of 13
years' experience; good references. Box 4032,
Call orfice.
GARDENER, married steady man wants posi-
tion on private place; take care of horses:
run gasoline engine: handy with tools; wife
Is good housekeeper; best references; letters.
R. GARDENER, 20 Clara St.
YOUXG man wants situation; understands
horses, cows and garden; reference. Address
214 Third St., room 86.
RELIABLE married man of 33, German, wants
it position of any kind In office or wholesale
house; would work for very low wages: can
give bonds and references. Box 4004, Call.
CARPENTER and millwright; young, practi-
cal, all-round mechanic; city or country;
tlrst-class references. Box 4011, Call offlce.
PORTER. German, young man not afraid of
work, also handy behind the bar, wishes a.
place as iiorter or assistant barkeeper. Box
4002. Call orflce.
WANTED — Employment as practical nurse.
Address GEO. ROWE. 2624 Sutter Bt.
WANTED— Position by a practical landscape
gardener; Job by the day preferred. Address
box 2017, Call offlce. Oakland.
GOOD mlddle-aeed hotel waiter desires steady
position. Address II. KIEHL, 134 Fourth St.,
New Golden Gate Hotel.
WANTED— A position as night watchman: can
furnieh first-class references. Address C.
HARTMAN. 127 Turk fit.
YOUXG colored man wishes situation as por-
ter In saloon or cooking lunches for bar; best
references. ECS Chestnut st.
YOUNG man, good steady habits, wishes to
learn the barber trade; willing to do the por-
ter work. Box 1900, Call offlce.
RELIABLE young man desires to learn the
undertaking business. Box 1923, Call offlce.
FIRST-CLASS bread and cake baker wishes
situation. Box 4001. Call offlce.
COACHMAN, young Englishman, wants situa-
tion, or general work or Kent's place: best of
reference. Address box 1699. Call office.
FIRST-CLASS dairyman; understands running
separator and making cheese and butter; ex-
perienced. Address box 1912. Call office.
LUM GONG, Chinese first-class cook, wants
poFltion In boarding-house. Address 744
Washington st.
WANTED— Charge of poultry plant; any ar-
rangements. Address box 1661, Call offlce.
EXPERT OPTICIANS.
EYES examined free; spectacles properly ad-
Jusfd. N. ilangw, oculist optician. 910 Mkt.
FINANCIAL.
IF you have stocks or bonds of any kind for
sale, call or addrfss PACIFIC COAST UN-
DERWRITING CO.. 504 Parrott building.
fLATS TO LET.
lTTolorJATs^RETFTiA^^l^DTlOUSES?"
1S90 Fell: f., 10 r< $35 S3 Tr'm'nt av.; c, 6 r.$20
1239 Leav'w'th; f. 9 r 40 215Vs Elm av. ; f.. 5 r. 15
1694 Page: f.. 4 r 20 6&0A Jessie; f., 3 r... 9
1338 Webster; f., B r. 2." 250 Tehama; f., 6 r.. 10
A. M. SPECK & CO., 667 Market st.
CALIFORNIA. 2911— Sunny flats of 7 rooms and
bath, with large basement.
CHEAPEST flats in the city; Oak and La-
guna sts.: 7, 8 and 9 rooms; rent reasonable.
Apply MADISON & BURKS
CLEMENTINA, 358. near Fifth— Beautiful new
fiat, 6 larga sunny rooms; partly carpeted;
$14.
CLEAlX sunny upper flat. 6 rooms: grand view;
bath; storeroom. HUB Jones, nr. California,
ELEGANT flat, 2 large sunny rooms; latest
Improvements. Key 712 Prove st.
FLAT of 4 rooms; bay-window and bath; $12.
716 Xatoma nt.. between Eighth and Ninth.
FLAT of 3 rooms; sunny yard; water free; $7.
Apply £21 Fell st.
FLAT to let; 5 rooms and bath. 119 Liberty
Etreet.
HOWARD. 1105 — Upper part house, 6 nice- sunny
rooms; hot and cold water; yard; $15 B0.
IK you want to move get printed list flats to let
from BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Montgomery.
POWELL and Chestnut— 3 fine- sunny flats,
3, 4 and 6 rooms, bath, each; rent, $12. $14, $22.
SACRA MEXTO. 1261— Flat of 3 rooms; sun all
day; rent $12 50. . ¦
BUNNY flat of 7 rooms and bath. 1228 Sacra-
mento st.
$5— SUNNY 3-room flat. 132S Jessie St., near
Hermann; key next door. -,
$1C— RAUSCH ist: 2 nice flats, one 5 and one 3
rooms; cheai> rent.
$30— NEW upper fiat, ? rooms and bath. 2336
Pine St.. corner Stelner. -y
FLAT- TO LET— FUR.MSHKD.
FOR rent and sale— Partially furnished flat of
three rooms: two large connecting rooms and
kitchen, with rear landing; good sink and
stationary washstand and bathtub; north
front: partial view of bay: two fireplaces,
stationary washtubs. Apply Sunday morn-
Ing between 9 and 11 o'clock at 2056 Jones st.,
near Filbert. '
GOLDEN GATE ave.. . 1000, corner Laguna —
Comfortable and very complete furnished flat
of 6 rooms and bath;" plenty closets; nice
conservatory; a model ; home; , side bay-win-
dows; Jefferson Park, fronting ¦ on Golden
Gate ave. ; excellent ¦ neighborhood : six
months or longer to good tenant; price. $50 per
month or will sell, cheap.
FURNITURE FOR S A LE -
OAK bedroom set of 6 pieces. $S. . 816 Division
j St.; bet. 17th and ISth, below Folsom: call 5:30
p. m. cr Sundays. .
4 ROOMS furnished in oak for $4S 50, with No. 7
range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
FURNITURE 6 nicely furnished rooms, cheap;
sunny corner. 292 O'Farreil St.; call a. m.
FURNITURE— 8 nicely furnished rooms for
. sale cheap. Call at 3S Turk st.
FUttXITUnE WANTED.
CHAS. LEVY buys your furniture, carpets,
I pianos, etc. 1135 Market st ; tel. Jessie 761.
Auctioneer— L. Vincent, 13C3 Larkin;tel.Polk634;
furniture & furn'd houses bought; spot cash.
$JCCO worth of furniture, carpets, etc., wanted.
M. Sllverstcin. 1121 Market; tel. Foltfom 1103.
ALFRED WOLLPERT, 773 Mission St., pays
highest pries for your second-hand furniture.
W. E. CODY (late with J. T. Terry & Co.) buys
furniture, carpets. 757 Mission: tel. Red S3G3.
j HELP WA.XTED— FEMALE.
"C. R. HANSEN & CO Phone Grant 1S5"
HOTEL, DEPARTMENT
¦ Waitress. Nevada State. $25, lare paid, see
{ party here; 2 waitresses. Salt Lake City,
%'1Z 50. far« paid; 14 waitresses, very best
commercial hotels, $20 and $25; 2 waitresses,
city, 5^0; 2 restaurant waitresses, $7: 3 cham-
bermaids to wait, $20; 2 chambermaids, $17 50;
woman cook, $30; 2 fancy Ironers, $25 and $30;
pantry girl, city, $25; pantry Kirl, country,
$20
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Xursesrirl with references for one child, S25.
j nuiFl understand sewing, choice place, call
early Monday. C. R. HANSEN &. CO., 101
Gcdry Et.
j GERMAK cootf, city. $30; housfglrl. 2 in fam-
> ily, Martinez, Mare Island. Alameda, Berke-
j ley; cook, choice place, Berkeley, $25; second
! Kirl. San Rafael: second girl. Grass Valley,
j $20 and fare, and 59 other places for house-
! Eirls, second Kirl?\ cooks, etc.. city and
country. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary.
I LAUNDRESS, $20: 2 cooks, $35 arid $30: 2 sec-
ond girls, $25 each; cook and second girl, same
house, $25 and $20, choke place; chambermaid
and seamstress. Oakland, see party here 2
o^elock. $23; Kirl or mld<lle-ajjed woman to
I assist in country hotel. $25. fare paid: house-
Kirl for family of 2, $25. MRS. XORTOX. 313
Sutter st.
j TEN chambermaids and waitresses, city and
I country. $20 and $25; chambermaid and wait-
! ress, private boarding house, $1S, sleep home,
I good place. MISS CULLEX, 325 Sutter st.
LAUNDRESS, country, $30; laundress, lnstitu-
tlon. $25. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
WANTED— Middle-aged woman as nurse for
Institution, short distance In country, $25 per
month, board, lodging and washing. W. D.
EWER & CO.. 610 Clay st.
WAXTED— Neat young woman for housework
in nice family interior town; treated as one
of the family; good home. Address box 4031,
Call office.
WANTED — A neat and steady girl for general
housework, cooking and small washing; wages
$25. 1009 Dolores St., near Twenty-third.
HEALTHY wetnurse wanted, with milk not
more than 5 weeks old. MRS. SALSBURT,
1169 Oak st., near Devlsadero.
GIRL or woman for housework, assist with
baby; wages $15. 1933 O'Farrell St.; call fore-
noon.
j VEST hands wanted; experienced operators,
finishers and presscrs. E. H. LEVY, 613
I Market st.
I WANTED — Girl for second work: must be good
I seamstress. Apply Monday at 340 Page St.,
I northeast corner Buchanan.
YOUNG woman for general housework; must
be a good cook. Apply 3740 Twenty-fifth st.,
corner Fair Oaks.
YOUNG girl; general housework; small Ameri-
can family; wages $20. Call after 9 o'clock at
719 Cole st.
MIDfiLE-AGED woman to takn care of two
children: waees $8. 545 Liberty St., between
Castro and Noe.
FINISHERS and button-hole makers on coats;
steady work. F. TONNER. 27 Battery st.
FINISHERS on pants; steady work. SSS How-
ard st., bet. 4th and 5th; over handball court.
WAXTED— Girl for general housework and
cooking. Call 9 to 12. 1420 Sutter st.
TAILORESS on custom coats and make but-
tonholes; good wages. 140 Russ st.
FIRST-CLASS operator; also finisher on cus-
I torn pants. 62S Montgomery, r. 38, top floor.
TAILORESSES wanted to work on pants. S03
Montgomery St., top floor, room 6.
GIRL for general housework and cooking:
small family. Call 9 to 12 at 1S10 Laguna st.
GIRL for general housework and cooking; S
in family; wages $22 50. 1220 Potrero ave.
GIRL wanted to assist In general housework
and plain washing. 1113 Pierce St.
YOUNG girl; cooking and general housework
In flat. 4260 Scott st.
GIRL to learn typesetting: $3 per week 1st yr.
Young Folks' Weekly, 516 Commercial st.
I FIRST-CLASS finisher on coats; also on vests.
411% Kearny st., first floor.
GIRL for general housework. 863 Hayes st.
XEAT girl for light housework; wages $10 to
$12. 123G Ellis St.
YOUNG girl or middle-aged woman to take care
I of children. 1532 O'Farrell st.
WANTED— Xeat young Kirl for general house-
work; small family. 506 Eddy st.
WANTED— A waitress. People's Restaurant.
621 Clay St.
WAXTED— Good talloress on custom coats; also
apprentice. 927 Market St., room 623.
YOUNG girl for general housework at 1316
Geary st. ,
GIRL to assist and do general housework. Call
at 729 Market St., any time after 9 a. m.
WANTED — A girl with good experience In coat
inaklnc: steady work. 1175A Market Ft.
BOOKKEEPER wanted. Inquire between 10
and 11 a. m.. £9 Stockton st.
WANTED — A good cook to do downstairs work;
wa~es $i3. Call 1601 Post st.
WOMAX for srenernl housework; with or
without a child. 1304 Post st.
WANTED — An experienced waitress; none but
experienced need apply. 20 Third st.
GIRL to work on vests; also an apprentice. 617
Jessie st.
WANTED — Women and girls to work on fruit;
canning and preparing; highest wages paid:
steady work; prizfs lor quick work. Apply
Immediately to II. S. FRUIT PACKIXO CO..
Harrison ave.. between Seventh and Eighth
sts., off Folsom.
WOMEN and girls for canning and preparing
fruit: steady work: highest wages. Apply
. CALIFORNIAN CANNERIES CO.. LTD..
Brannan et., between Third and Fourth.
OPERATORS wanted on shirts; young glrta
taught: steady work: beet pay. BRENNER-
ULMAX CO., 19 Battery St.
APPRENTICES on overalls. STANDARD
SHIRT FACTORY, cor. Gough and Grove sts.
GIRLS to rivet overalls, also sewing machine
, operators, at Levl Strauss & Co.'s factory,
32V4 Fremont st. : no experience necessary;
good wages. Apply to MR. DAVIS,
WOOLEN mill help wanted— Boss finisher and
weavers on blankets: highest wages paid on
the coast: correspondence confidential. Apply
J. W. COLLINS. 7 and 9 Battery St.. city.
GIRL or woman to do light housework and
cooking for family of three; good wages.
Apply 1128 McAllister st. :
WANTED— Girl for general housework; wages
$20. Box 4006. Call offlce.
OPERATORS on muslin underwear; also learn-
ers: steam power: constant work. G. W.
REYNOLDS. 697 Mission St., corner Second.
LAUNDRESS, first class; wages $30. Call after
1 p. m. Monday. August 27, at 1S01 Franklin
st. , corner Sacramento. ¦ ¦" ' -
ELDERLY woman or girl under 15 to assist
with children; references; wages $10. Apply
Monday at 1904 Webster st : ¦. ¦ . .- '
WANTED— A woman who "can adapt herself
to special educational work; must travel. Box
4018. Call offlce. * '.-¦ '. -y ¦;/:./
COMPETEXT cook: limited housework: Scan-
• dlnavlan prfd: wages $25; refrs. 1909 Pac. ave.
GIRL for general housework; small family; $15
to $20. - Call Monday morning at 1833 Ellis tt.
WANTED— Young girl to assist with house-
work. 2S29 Bush st. .
YOUNG girl to assist with light housework.
1072 Ellla at., near Gough. ,
YOUNG girl to do light housework; no wash-
Ing; good wages. 905 Devlsadero st.
WANTED— First-class hairdresser.' manicures
and hair workers, also apprentices, at COS-
GROVE'S. 1416 Polk at. -¦¦¦¦'
."WANTED— An " elderly lady that understands
florist business. Call 500 Ha igh t s>
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
GIRL wanted to~learn carpet sewing. 2020 Mis-
sion St.; inquire Monday. ________
OPERATORS on vests and finishers on pants.
511 Market st.
APPRENTICES to learn tailoring; paid while
learning. 511 Market st. ¦
GIRL; general housework; 3 adults, 1 child;
wages $20. 1904 Broadway. '
FINISHERS on fine coats. 113 Russ st.
LADY solicitors; proprietary preparation; ap-
peals to every woman. O. R. C. box 1696.CalI.
WANTED- Experienced girl for candy store at
12S Third st. •
GIRLS for hand work on corsets. 231 Powell
street.
I'RESSERS wanted on overshlrts. BRENNER-
ULMAX CO.. 17 Battery st.
WANTED— An operator on coats; good pay;
steady work. Box 1K5S. Call.
WANTED— Women and girls to work on fruit.
1731 Folsom St.. between 13th and 14th. ¦
EXPERIENCED operators on negligee shirts;
zood ray. 27 Jessie St.. fifth floor.
CLASSIFIED advertisements orrt subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce, 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRAXCH offlce for Call advertisements and
! subscriptions has been established at 1036 Va-
lencia et.
HELP WASTED-MALE.
TEN" fruit pickers. $1 day and board; 2 gar-
denrrs and wives, S40 and $60: farmer and
wife. $40; laundryman and wife, $G0; man
about place, country, %"Ji and found; chore-
man for institution. f2'< and found; 2 men for
wlnn cellar and vineyard. J10 week: fruit
farmer. $23: milker, $?0: English. Scotch or
Irish groom, 125 and found; errand boy, $3
week: boys to learn trades, J4 M and $0 week:
2 vaqupros, $15, and others. J. F. CROSETT
AGENCY, 628 Sacramento st.
FIVE house carpenters for country, $3 day:
3 screw turners for mill, $2 73 day; circular
sawyer, $3 ZQ; band fawyer. $4 day: band re-
fawyrr and other mill hands for country. J.
F. CROSETT AGENCY. 62S Sacramento st.
6 LABORERS for good mine, ?2 to $2 40 day:
2) railroad laborers, free fare; 10 laborers for
mill and. woods. $25 ud, fare advancod; also
restaurant and hotel help of all kinds, city
and country. J. F. CROSETT AGENCY. 62S
Sacramento st.
WAXTED— A neat errand boy for this offlce.
J. F. CROSKTT & CO.. 316 Sutter st.
A— C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 GEARY ST.
1C00 MEN FOR NEW R. R. WORK
200 teamsters, Nevada J2 a day
100 teamsters, Bakersfleld $2 a day
20 teamsters. Coast road $2 a day
10 laborers. Coast road $2 a day
20 tunnel men for big tunnel. Chatsworth
Park. Los Angeles County $2 to $2 50 a day
Ship daily Foe $1 Free fare
FOR S. T. CO.'S OWX WORK
50 laborers for rock crusher $1 90 a day
20 laborers, different divisions tl 70 a day
100 laborers. Surf. Santa Barbara Co. $2 a day
Ship dally Fee $1 Free fare
HOTEL DEPARTMEXT
Restaurant chef. $$0; head cook. $60: second
cook, $40: dishwasher. $25. all three for same
country restaurant, see party here: head cook,
country hotel. $60: head cook, country hotel.
$55; hotel cook, $50; night cook, $00; baker,
country hotel, $43: second cook, institution,
country, $40; third cook, country hotel. $35,
fare advanced: 6 cooks. $30 to $40: oysterman.
$40; dishwasher. Institution. J25; 10 dishwash-
ers and kitchen hands, $20, $25 and $30.
Head waiter, hotel, north, $53; head waiter,
country hotel, $40: 6 waiters, different country
hotels $23 and $30; 2 hotel porters, country.
$20: 2 bell and elevator boys. $15 to $2; bil-
liard room man. toO.
Laundryman ar*l wife. Institution, country.
$60; laundryman. institution, $40; 3 Ironers
and polishers. ?3."j to $00.
C. R. HANSEN & CO 101 Geary st.
A SHAMPOOER. Turkish baths, north, $40.
C. R. HAXSEX & CO 101 Geary st.
A— WANTED, 7:30 a. m. Monday, ready to
start on train, 50 laborers for S. P. Co. work.
Coast road. Santa Barbara Co.. $2 a day.
board $4 50 a week, free fare. C. R. HAN-
SEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
WAXTED— For a mine, steady work, two-
thirds fare paid. 6 miners, $2 day: 6 laborers.
$1 75 day. W. P. EWER & CO.. 610 Clay st.
WANTED— 10 fruit pickers for large orchard.
Santa Clara County. $25 and board, 11 hours
day: pay for overtime and free fare. W. D.
EWER & CO., 610 Clay st.
WANTED— To-day, free fare, 25 laboring men
for S. P. R. R. Co.; work for all winter;
free fare: offlce fee }1. "W. D. EWER &
CO.. 610 Clay st.
WANTED — Driver for milk wagon: must have
references: $35 and found. W. D. EWER &
CO., 610 Clay Bt.
WANTED — For sawmill. fare paid, screw
turner, $2 50 day; carriage man. $40 and
board
For bark camp, fare paid, blacksmith, $40 and
found
Crosscut sawyer. $35 and found: blacksmith
¦ helper. $2 day: baker, country. $43 and found:
waiter, country hotel. $30 and fare advanced;
2 milkers, $30: 2 milkers, small dairies, $25;
vegetable gardener on ranch. $25; cook, hotel.
$35; miners.' $2 50 and $3 day; laborers and
team.'ters. city, $1 75 day; farmers. $20 and
$23. AV. D. EWER & CO.. 610 Clay st.
WANTED— Driver for delivery wagon; must
have references. W. D. EWER & CO.. 610
Clay st. ¦
A COOK, small hotel, country. $30. MISS CUL-
LEX. 325 Sutter st.
DISHWASHER. $20: boy to learn painting, $5
a week. MISS CULLEX. 325 Sutter st.
A MAN to buy a route; good paying business.
MISS CULLEX. 323 Sutter st.
BARBERS' Progressive Union — Free employ-
ment. H. Bernard. Sec, 104 7th: tel. Jessie 132.
LADIES' tailor wanted for Vallejo: 328. Geor-
sla st. Call at STEIX & SIMON, between
it and 10 a. m.
SOBER man to tend bar In wine house; one
with good references: German-speaking pre-
ferred. 15 City Hall Square, opp. Sth st.
GOOD waiter who can do short orders; $6 50 a
week. S. P. Depot Restaurant. 210 Townsend
St.. between Third and Fourth.
COATMAKERS for country. Apply REISS
BROS.. 24 Sutter st,
NEAT, bright errand boy. $2 50 per week. Ap-
ply Photos. 110 Sutter st.
YOUNG man. willing worker, for grocery store.
435 Third st.
BOY 16 years old: references required. Golden
Eagle Clothing Store, 104 Kearny st.
COOK wanted. 204 Sixth st.
GOOD dishwasher wanted. Magnolia Cafe. 4
and 6 East fit.
2 TEAMSTERS and S laborers. Fourteenth
ave. and N ft.; take Kentucky-st. cars.
SECOXD cook and dishwasher wanted. 660
Howard st.
MAN to work about place. 1443 Harrison st.,
corner Eleventh.
WAXTED— Walter. 550 First st.
GOOD barber wanted: steady. Apply at 1721
Market St., bet. Polk st. and Van Ness ave.
WANTED— Strong boy to drive wagon. PE-
TERSON'S Stable, Xew Montgomery, 10 to 11.
BOOTRLACK wanted for barber shop. 115
Larkln st.
WANTED— A small errand boy; reference. 935
Mission st.
BOOTBLACK for barber shop and to clean
baths. 120 Gear?- st. ¦
WANTED— Two lunch waiters. Restaurant. 23
First st. - ¦
WAXTED— Good restaurant cook at 608 Sev-
enth st^
WANTED — A first-class paper-hanger and
painter. 1C28 Folsom St., near Twelfth.
WAXTED— Good barber. 947 Fillmore Et., cor-
ner McAllister. ¦'_
OPTICIAN (Al refractionlsn. neat appearance;
; elderly person: $20 week. Box 3261, Call offlce.
A YOUNG man butcher wanted who under-
stands cutting in^at. 17 Valencia st.
WANTED— A good barber: steady place. Apply
to J. L. FINE. 473 Xinth Et., Oakland.
ELDERLY man to do chores around bakery.
1130 Folsom st.
BUTCHER: good meat cutter; experienced
man. 1424 Howard st.
WAITER wanted; call early. People's Res-
taurant. 631 Clay 8t.
FOR SALE— A 3-chalr barber shop on account
of going East. Apply 14 Turk St.
100 CAKEWALKERS. Apply between 2 and 4
o'clock Monday at Shiels building, 32 O'Far-
relll St., S. LOVERICH, manager.
NEW goods; quick sales: salary or commis-
sion: city or country. THE J. DEWING CO.,
Flood building.
BARBERS — First-class B-chalr shop and S bath
> tubs for sale cheap: going to Silver City, X.
M. Inquire Call office.
GOOD dishwasher In a restaurant; $13 a month
and lodging. 1759!:. Mission St.
JEWELERS— 328 Bush Bt.~ third floor, room 4.
ALL sizes. men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
.price.. 562 Mission St., bet. 1st and 2d sts.
UPHOLSTERER, first-class workman. FIXK
& SCHINDLER. 1S09 Market St. - :;
LADIES' tailors wanted: only first-class men
FRANCES. 736 Sutter St. '
"WANTED— A man for nursery work and florist
bualneit. CallEOO Haight at
HELP WAXTED — MALE.
A.-MURRAY & READY... .PHpXE MAIN SS4S
...Leading Employment and Labor Agents...
Want 7 a. m. Monday....
WE SHIP FREE .-.•• ¦•
Men fcr all parts of California. Utah. Wash-
ington. Arizona. Oregon. Colorado. Xevada
arid Hawaiian Islands.
Free fare and office fee only $1
Special to-day to the following districts:
DUNSMUIR .......REDDING _•£***£_
HERXDON FRESNO ...MEN DOT A
L<.s Anceles... .and. ...Santa Barbara <J.rtrlct^
Reno (Nev.) and Truckee d Utr cts
Crews Landing. .'.... and Newman d str cts
San Luis .T and -Surf aMrtett
Bakersfield and M 3^"* ££H£2
Salt Lake City Soda!^Prlnss
and other points. B °^5^1 S .m
WE SHIP FREE come one, come all
It only costs $1 fee and no other c^^ n *;f
'MURRA*Y''&'RE'Ab*Y'.''s3*4'-«38* Clay st.
A -MECHANICAL AND OTHER -HELP
Carpenters with or without tools for law
mining company. $3 to »3 50 O»y«»- »«•«"••••
« carpenters, company work Ir ee in..
¦U'heelwrlght. country shop • 'A,""-
18 black-mltha and horseshoers. for «««y»
rancher, etc $40. JM and found. « < •
Tlmberman. mining company __\ " 1^
Coopers bridge builders w CCiv"
LOOK HERE FOR HANDY MEN.
Any men handy with hatchet will suit V*>
Job; 25 men to tulld Cume, $30. $3j. $40 an I
TOmTSc^k:::::::::::-FRuiTpfcKKR r
1E0 men and boys to pick all kinds or-ju-":
gather almonds, etc.. $W and ISO and found
WE PAY TOUP. FARE •••••••-•••
And ship to the sawmills and woods 236 la-
borers for 13 different sawmills. $26 to $43 ami
found. «nytK>dv will suit: 95 wc-xj-«men. mlii-
men: also all kinds of planinK mill help. *3a.
$S0. $65. $70. $60. $40. $30. $30 and fourd .,"-V' t V
S64 woodchoppers, tlemakers, etc., $3, I- w. ?-.
$1 and 75c cord, tools and food found.... •¦••
126 farm hands $33. $30. KS and found
36 milkers and buttermakera £30. $2o i°" no ;
Cheesemakers $33 and Jo*""*
i 24 stablemen, etc... .$25. ;.'fl. $80, $10, $30 found
! IS hay balers. $3 day> also han-eJt crews......
I 364 laborers and teamsters. S2 SO. $2. $1 75 day:
J some boerd yourself home: boys for stores,
factories, etc., city Job-. cabinetmakers.
f woodwerkers. carrlaijemakers. bridge bulld-
! ers. etc.: come see •••••
j Rrew turner, sawmill company, see boss here
J Edserman. tallyman, sawmill company •-•---
I 25 woodmen. Santa Cruz County. *32 W> and fd
Sticker hand. $3 60 day Planer. $3 a day
I Matcher, «3 p dav Mnohlne man. $3 a day
1 TO SONOMA CO.
1 Pniper: line nnlWs and natter for sawmill c(>
TO THE MINES COLD. SILVER * COAL
f.n mlr.pr?. rtr.zle hand and machine.. $73 & J*J
Married furnace man * 6 "'
150 lalwrers. different mines. In all parts of
California, no experience necessary. $-0 to
$."0 and fd
CITY WORK — 10 laboring: men, 110 exrwr'.ence
required, anybody will *u!t. s "'^ and fd
FOR SANTA CRUZ MOUNTAINS
25 laboring men to bile lumber, large saw-
mill company *>-
Farmers :tnd wives and men and wives for
private places $40 *n<1 M.
ALSO HUNDREDS OF OTHER POSITIONS
NOT ADVERTISED COME SEE
Also ret our latest lists.
MURRAY & READY. 634-63J Clay ft.
COOKS for the mines, fare advanced
"Second and third cooks, same mining board-
ing-house. S40 and $33 and fd.. fare advanced.
MURRAY & READY. 634-S.6 Clay st.
A— HOTEL .. RESTAURANT.. UrNDRT H»lp
52 cooks, city and country. $33 to $50 and found
also short order and night cooks
Second and third cccks for mines
$53 and $'0 and found
Second baker, country shop $40 and found
15 waiters, city and country
$25 and $.10 and fotm 1
Pakers ami helpers, $40, $35 and $::0. $00 and fd
Washers, ttarcntrs and Ironers :or laundries
Butchers pantry men handy
men for Institution, etc.: lunch man fo» cafe
$oO and board; 2 cooks, fruit ranches. 130 and
found. MURRAY & READY, 63I-K6 Clay «.
A— BRIGHT boy for this offlce. $1 week. .MUlT
RAY & RSADY. 634-636 Clay St.
WANTED— Recruits for the United States 3Ia-
rlne Corps, U. S. Navy, able-bodied, unmar-
ried men of good character, between the age*
of 21 and 35 years; not less than 3 feet 4
Inches and not over <» feet 1 inch In heieht:
must b« citizens of the United States* or per-
sons who have legally declared their Inten-
tions to become citizens; able to read, write
and speak English properly. For further In-
formation apply at the Marine Recruiting Of-
fice, 40 Ellis St.. San Francisco. Cal.. 530 K. st..
Sacramento. Cal.. or 195S J st.. Freuno. Cal.
TO tailors' cutters— A first-class cutter re-
quired; permanent position. Apply between
10 and 11 a. m. to CHARLES LYONS, the
London Tailor. "21 Market st.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Kolkin. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third St.: 150 large
rooms: 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
OPERATORS and underpresser on vests. 541
Market st.
COATMAKERS. steady work, good wages. 541
Market st.
FRATERNAL organizers. 403 Parrott building;
men and women.
WANTED — Wood machine hand. Furniture
factory. 8071 Seventeenth St.. near Folsom.
SECURITY deposit put up for street railway
employes. SHALMOUNT. 1406 Pine. 2-4 p. m.
MEX and women to learn barber trade. S. F.
Barber College. 741A Howard st.
SAILORS, ordinary seamen and green hands;
all parts of world. HERMAX'S, 2S Steuart.
PEXSIOXS— GEO. D. CAMPBELL, lawyer. 16
years' practice; Examiner building.
GET your shoes half soled while waiting; 25c
to 50c. 562 Mission St., bot. 1st and 2d sts.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket: 70O rooms, 25c nlsrht: reading-room; free
bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
LINDELL House, corner Sixth and Howard-
Rooms 15c to 25c nljrht: 75c to $2 per week.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and suhjcrlpt'oiw
received at Call branch office. 2200Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements anl
subscriptions has been established at 1033
Valencia st.
HORSES, LIVE STOCK, Etc — For S.tle
40 HORSES for sale: also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market.
327 Sixth st. ; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
70 HEAD draft, carriage and saddle horses;
also pneumatic and rubber-tired baggies;
cheap. Occidental Horse Exchange, X21 How-
ard St.
BEAUTIFUL buggy or carriage team; bays;
_ well bred. 233S Market St.
FINE family cow and calf for sale. Kansas
st., bet. Sixteenth and Seventeenth.
HOUSE!) TO LET.
A— PRINTED list: houses to let; send 7or~ctr^
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
BROADWAY. 1912. nr. Octavia— 6 rooms, bath,
laundry: marine View; rent $20.
LAGUNA. 1611— House of 6 rooms,, bath; gas;
yard; rent reasonable.
NEW house. 748 Castro sL. containing S rooms;
all modern Improvements; fine view; good
location. Apply on prtmist-s.
TWO sunny, newly papered and painted houses,
8 rooms: rent cheap. 1713-17 Laguna st.
$40, FORMERLY $M; house. S large rooms,
complete; lawn, etc. 1913 Sutter st.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
1G paces. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
LOST AXD KOIL\D.
LOST— Saturday evening on Hayes st.. bet
Franklin ami Gough. small dachschund: tan
spots on head and legs; reward. HC0 Hayes st.
$K"0 REWARD return of four $10oO leavenworth
Co. bonds. MRS. M. A. ilcFARLAXD. 978
Geary st.
LOST— Blackthorn cane marked I. F. ENG-
LISH. Return to southwest corner Clay and
Davis sts. and receive suitable reward.
LOST— Black cocker spaniel pup v/Uli license
Liberal reward If returned to 200 Turk st.
DR k, an . d i IR . S^^^ESrT2"^l7r^eTIt^ReiN
able ladies and gents' specialism; ii years'
practice: have treated thousands of cases suc-
cessfully; a positive cure guaranteed at of-
fice: ladies treated can return home the same
day: try the celebrated HIXDO HERB, treat-
ment for home cure; any one can use It by di-
rections; perfectly harmless; home for conflne-
ment. Send five 2-cent stamps for circular.
MR fw K - K ?nV- the "Wll-known and reliable
ladles specialist; guaranteed treatment at of-
fice. $0; .positive cure; home for patients be-
fore and during confinement; skillful medical
?«« ™ n: » CO £I? lt ? tlon free and confidential.
446 Eddy »t.. bet. Leavenworth and Hyde.
D £>£-. W * O'JX^ELL. the world-renowned
f^ (n T i lst: ? afe and """We: has prac-
ticed In San Francisco for years: treated thou-
sands of cases successfully; treatment can be
?k a i ., hom .t : cons ultaUon free. After all
others fall call on him. 1023^ Market st.
DRS. GOODWIN, well-known ladles' specialists,
have returned from Europe; safe and reliable:
cure $o; have treated thousands of caaea with
success; 15 years' practice In S. F.; maternity
home; low fees. 1007^ Market st.. near Sixth
A— NEW proceis; great progress In medical
science: every woman her own physician; no
Dlu'pOPPER'/'llg^earn'yM 8 "** *" b ° me -
MRS. DR. WYETH, reliable specialist: 23 yrs.'
practice: home In confinement; treatment at
office. U: any ailment; consultation free; con-
ftdentlal. »42 Post St.. bet. Hyde and Larkln.
XG TOY KEE, Chinese doctor: cures consump-
tion, cancer, catarrh, etc. ; all diseases treat-
ed: send for testimonials: advice free. Sanl-
tarlum. 704 Sacramento st.. corner Kearny.
DR. and MRS. M. WEGENER-Prlvat. hon^
I In confinement, ttia Golden Gate ave
MEDICAL.
MRS. M. ALLEX. 1035 Market— Ladies' sp«
1st: home In confinement: safe and. reli
consultation free; hours 10 to S.
DK WISE— The only genuine ladles' spectj
Office IMS Market at.
DR. WOXG HIM. herb doctor, treats aU
eases of the human body. 115 Mason st.
3IISCELLAXEOUS — FOR SALE
BOILERS engines. Cd-hand machinery.
IXTOSH & AVOLPMAX, 135-137 Fremon
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, cou
linoleum, new and second-hand: wa al
have a largo stock of saloon outflts on !
33 complete outflta on our floor, ready r
we can ship everything In 21 hour
XOOXAX. 1017. 101D. 102L 103 Missloi
above Sixth: write for catalogue.
A— 2H-1°- BLACK and tan dog. 1<> montiu
also Newfoundland pups and a fins lot oi
! igree Belgian hares, heavyweight. US '.
! ma st.. off Third.
1 — — — ___— —— —
! rERFECTLT new latest styl* sealskin ja
I cost $240. for $113. at UXCLE HARRIS
Grant ave.
CALL and examine what I have for sale: a
ins of zn per cent on store prices. U>'
HARKId. 15 Grant ave.
A-100 II. P. engine, boiler, two drill *ir
pressor. JARDIXES, 220 Fremont St.
! A— $3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 75.
ular Price Hatters. 330 Kearny st.. near
FOR sale— Complete set of bakery fixtures
ly new; fine bargain. Box 1931. Call offlc
HORSESHOEING shor>. with tools, shoes,
$73. Box 1013. Call office.
FIRST-CLAPS screw-cuttins lath>*. 9x21;
wood lathe: 1 small bent saw-. 533 Mlsah
ID-HAND photosnujhic ami magic lantern?
fits bought, sold, exchanged. 103 Montgo-
! A 10-TOX Fairbanks scale and flro and b
proof safe. MS California st.
FIRST-CLASS second-hand modern enfflns
boilers bought and sold. KROGH ilfg
2D-HAXD gasoline and eteara engines, lav
etc. ; general machine work. 137 Bealo »
2D-HAND engines, boilers, dynamos, mi
and gasoline eng. H. 5. 'White. 516 Mis
A FIXE suit. JIO: dre«a pants. J2 7i. MI
CLOTHIXG PARLORS. 437 Montgomery
i TYPEWRITER. No. 2 Smith Premier:
I medei; cheap. Typewriter Exchange, 405
I EDISOX concert phonograph; reduced
$75: concert records. $1 SO. Bacigalupl. 93J
j PORTABLE engines, boilera; iron and
; planers. lathes; Id-band. J. Burke, 133 I
2D-HAXD fire-proof safe; I flra and bu
proof safe; ctueapt 42 Msln st.
I A— BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery
1 jnnes. boilers, water pipe, shafting, pu.
; etc. TVH1TELAW. 216 Spear st.
J MAGIC lanterrls. new and 2d-hand: mi
j pictures. BULL-\RD & BRECK. 131 Po
! SAFES— New and second-hand. THE 1
' MAXy SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento »
J SAFES — Xew and second-hand: all sizes.
WALTZ SAKE. lCfl-111 Market »t.. San "¦
, 3IISCKLLA.\KOLS WANTS.
i LADIES' and gents' cast-off clothing boua
j *old. Sllverman, 9S4 Folsom: tel. Folsoir 1
! KLEIN still ray best price for clothing.
I a-brac ard books. 109 Sixth st. ; tel Jess)
! SEALSKIXS are what we pay big prices
PORTLAND LOAN OFFICE. 23 Stock««
I IF you wish full value for your ca3t-off cl'V
i rail on It. COHEN". 1." Third: tel. Black
3IO.MJV TO LOAA.
ANY amount at S per cent; 1st. 2d and 3d 1
gages, undivided interest, real estate In
j bate; morgages ar:d legacies bought; n<
j lay; get my terms before doing business
where. R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery.
ANY proposition, any amount; 6 per cent; J
second mortgages, estates in probate, la 1
; in estates, legacies, corporation loans, cr
mortgages, life insurance. Room IS. first
Chronicle bMg. IIALLORAN & OLSEX
HIGHLY respectable private pl.'ice to O
J liberal advances on diamonds, jewelry at
I rst rates. Kaldwln Jewelry Store. 84 1 ? M-
i St.: UL Main 1644. Branch VJ Third sc
i ON furniture and pianoa without removal;
1 service; money direct; lowest interest. R
j M and O. Donohoe building. l!7') Slarket
! ON real estate. 1st and 2nd mortgages an<
! furniture or pianos: no removal: jny arco
; lowest rate. BECKER & CO.. K Mont^om
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamc
watchos. jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL. W SI
highest price for oM gold, silver, diamont
! LOANS ".
SALARIES and FURXITl
O. H. HARSHBARQSR. 322 Etlia. room ;
j AT IX ICearny «t-. room 9. respectable prt
< place to borrow on watches, diamonds: l»
f rates: talte elevator. Telephons David
I $C0O.00«at6 per cent In sums to rult in city
J $15D,C00 on large ranches ;al<o on second
I ¦ gages. R. J. MERCER & SON. 412 Ptn»
i ANY amount by private p*rty on fumituri
pianos; no lenioval; low rates; confide'
KONHLLI. mi Jones St.. corner EJdy.
1 $23,000 TO loan: 1st or 2d mortgages; 6?S
1 tates. chattels. HARPER, 313 Hearst
! MOXEV loaned salaried people without s«
; HILL. r. 41. Mrrchants' Ex.. 431 Call
ON furniture and pianos; no removal"
denttal; on diamonds, etc. 33 Taylor
II. MURPHY. 630 Market St.. solves af
I financial problems; 2d mortgages, estj
I TO salaried people without security: a&
n«?s confidential. Tousley Co.. 321 Parr*.
I ON furniture, pianos; 3 per cent per mr>nt
commission. Mrs. Wilson, rm. 101. 6 Ed'
j CASH loaned to salaried people on not© w
I indorser. MORRELL. 609 Examiner bul
j ON furniture, pianos, without removal; nr
i mission: private. LICK. 118 McAllister.
¦ TO salaried u:en without collateral or !nc!
S. F. Discount Arev.cy. 143 Phelan bullf
3ICSICAL I.NSTUIME.NTS.
WE can use a few good squares to adva.
J if to be had within the next, few days. 1
j VAIS MUSIC CO.. 769 Market st.
I SECOND-HAND Marshall and Wende!,
! England and other makes offered low t
I a day or so. MAUVAIS MUSIC CO., 759 1
ket st. «.
DECKER & SON pianos are th« best kno»
all the old reliabte makes: you cannot ft
get satisfaction with one of them. Ag
at MAUVAIS*, 7fi» Market st.
ALL purchasers of pianos at SHERMAN. C
& CO.'S have th«- privilege of cxchangln
a STEIX WAY any time wlth'n thr*> j
and full purchase price allowed; th«
makers of every grade to select from: be:
ful new uprights $5 cash. $0 per month;
good pianos fcr S3, $4 and $3 per m
SHERMAN 1 , CLAY & CO.. STEIX\
DEALERS, corner Kearny and Sutter
San Francisco: corner Broadway and '
teenth sts.. Oakland.
I A FEW o* the bargains offered by u«
I week— A hieh-grade upright sold a few ]
slrce for i«5d. now offered at a great lacr
A fine upright; handsome embossed case
est style: almost now: $163. Low prtc«
tlr.f. new uprights. Hardman. Haze^ton. ]
ing Bros. J. DEWING & CO.. Flood t
corner Market and Fourth sta.
ABSOLUTELY the oH«>t and largest h
west of Chicago Is KOHLER & CHAS
28. 2S and 3) OFarrell st.: planes, organs
all other musical Instruments of all n
and prices: terms easy: prices lowest: ?
thing possible done to picas'? and satis.,
customer.
9 GOOD square piano* from $.'') to $20<I ,
3 fine grand pianos from $173 to $100.
5 second-hand uprights from $.0 t'> $— >.
1 Steihway 1 Strrk. 1 Webfr. 1 Curta*.
BENJ. i'URTAZ & SON. IS O'Farrell
REMOVAL of Keeffe's piano store from
Ness to 533 Market, b^t. 3th and -ith.
Hale Bros.. & will amttKH reductirn sa'
2 weeks: open ev'ngs;_call and get Jow p
VIOLIN strings: never w*t; best In the m
mnklng and repairing o( all ktnds of m\
: Instruments. Carl C. Anderson. 4.7 Geai
I IF you a7e looking for cheap uprieht r.i>
i stool and cover, call 3«4S Klghtfenth mt
WANTED-' swd square piancy. suitats!i
schools. BYROX MAUZY. 3C3 Post st.
AT any price; no reasonable offer refusea
moval sale. 136_Ell!s st. / (
SLAUGHTER sale of upright pianos for
age. $30 up. WILSONS Stcnge. 1710 Mj
BE tn the swim; rent a ne-* piano fcr I
month. SCOTT-CUUTAZ <^i.. V» Hare^
THE WILEY B. ALLEN f :O.. 311 Pos'
Hardman. Con over and ot x .er piari".
SOHMER & CO.. Byron Mjazy. GaJi**r, H
ton pianos. 303 Post st.j opp. U-:on Sq
BA RG A I N— Good piano eieap: trstallmer
per month. SCHMITZ,j:« McAllster st.
W. G. BADGER. 412 Sacramento »t.. agen
Francis Bacon and Ha£ett & Eivia plan
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old ind new.
MUlLEK. maker, repairer. 2 >atham p
REDUCTION sale: new pianos. $3 paym
for rent. $2 up. P.RVEXN. CPS Post •<?.
OFFICES AXD STOKES TO LE
EMMA SPRECKELS building, '927 Mar;
Offices, light and sunny. $15 t< $^> per mo- ~
light, heat. Janitor and use if teL Inctu
TO rent— Modern ftore: well lighted; tij
rent reasonable. 323 Hayes ¦•NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
W P Davis. Frultland I
L J Hardlvan. Stocktnl
G L i»aboe, Minn |
A O Gayette. Keswlck
H H Weller & w.Seattl
F, O'Connor. B«nlcla
L Bowen, Benlcia
M csieason, Heald^burg
F Stalka, Petaluma
H le Maire. Paris .
M Ippen, Fresno
P Clinton, Benlcia,
II C5oudKe, Chines! Cp
H Scholz. Chinese Imp
W. Daniel. Chlneie\Cp
H T Mente & w. Or
AV Baxter, St Louis
\V Bender, Indiana
F Backassy, Rio -Vista
F B Richardson, Cal
rjRAND HOTKI_
Miss L Ftrlef. HlghldH
Miss H Jcntt, HiKhlda
I Poundstone, tlrants
J li Kmit'n, Danville
A 3- DwllJck. Cal
J H Andrews, Sacto
II \V Drown, tj Jose
\V .1 Miner, Treka
\V E Moldrop. Alamda
J A Pll:e, Car
K J Johnson, S Rosa
J M Rowan 8 Rora
R K Ingram, USA
S C Calhoun, Cal
O H Hardy. N Alex
<; K Cole. Doston
C HWllber, Chicago
M ICarpen, Chicago
K Lathrop. Tular«
MIkb J E Weir, Stnfd
R Kfll". Chlcayn
W A Stochlsr, N Y
F Hanson, Rochester
Mrs K Runyon. Crtlnd
A Dan* & tr. Reno
II C IJunnton. 8 Monc
II J Smyth, S Lorenio
A Dlckerman. Watsvle
TV Daub. Hakcrsfteld
J Ooldman, Merced ¦•
O ' K Pardee. Chlcaico
II I«aacs. Ix>s AnB
U G V.'hit'.oek Jr. Ky
Mrs Whltlock. Ky
, Mihs Whltlock. Ky
|F J Telrell, Chlco
!J U Dabnej- s itr. a _
Mrs A 11 Hilton, WftBh
H Williams & w, Sac
K Pteeb, N J
A L Chaffee. Ventura
K Isensee, Ventura
A J Hledsw, Ukiah
|Mrs J Craijf & c, Hghd
J Lorey, Cal
tj T. HayoR, Loa Ang
|O L Richards. Rtanfrd
!J Iienflernon. Elko ¦
; Q Eriiht & son, Elko .
C E Kaiser, v^teno
I*»V J Ivorlng Angels
!J Smith. Salt Lake
'J N Smith. Stockton
R Satterwhltt, Tucson
O M Glllctt. Tucson
G 1^ Lee, Glenwood
:K F ~-a_cr, Secto -
'J F> Tulloch, Kngland
H Listen, Covelo
T Gribayldoff, N S '
M Souden & w, Bkrsrtd
« H Lonney. Woodld
Mrs Dltzler & d. Lma
|M rMfrsrs. Woodland
W L Smith. Redding
HOTEL ARBIVALS.
NEW YORK— Arrived Aus IG— Stmr Caledo
nian, from Liverpool. "
L.IZARD— Passed Aug 25— Stmr. La Bretagne,
from New York, for Havre.
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived Auu 26-StmrSax
onin, from Boston, for Liverpool, and proceeded"
Sailed Aur 26— Stmr Campania, from Liverpool,
for New York. - .
SOUTHAMPTON — Sailed > Auk 28 — Steamer
Deutpchland. from Hamburg, for Ch»rbourtf. -
OCEAN STEAMERS
GREENWOOD— Sailed Auk 25— Stmr Grcen-
T.-ond. for San Francisco.
NEWPORT— Arrived Aug 2C— Stmr Bruns
wick, hence Augr 24.
SEATTLE— Arrived Auk 25— Stmr Nome City,'
from Nome:; 26— Stmr Ohio, from Nome: stnir
Cottage City, from Dyea. Sailed Aus 2T— Stmr
Excelsior, for Cooks Inlet: stmr City of Ssattle,
for Rkaguay: Br stmr Kintuek. for Kobe. • ,
PORT TOWMSEND— Passeti In Auk 26— Stmr
Sfluth Portland, from Nome, for Seattle. Ar
rived Auk 26— Gcr ship Glenard, from Antwerp."
EURKKA— Arrived Auk 26— Stmr North Fork,
hence Aus ' 24 ; ' stmr Empire, from Coos ¦ Bay.
Sailed Auc 26— Stmr Eureka and Grace Dollar
and schr Mary Buhne, for San Francisco.
USALr-Arrlved Aus 23— Stmr Cleone, hence
Aus W. • ;•¦• :- : ' ;¦/••¦;• ¦ '. . ;. -
ASTORIA— Sailed Auk 26— Br ship Cedartank.
for Queenstown; Br ship Franklston. for
Oueenstown; Ptrar State of California, for San
Francisco. Arrived Au^ 2C— Br stmr Oak
Branch, from Taeoma.y,£$gg&3ife83Sg .
DOMESTIC PORTS
POINT LOBOS. Aug. 26-10 p. m.— Wenther
fopgy. wind southwp«t. velocity 12 miles.
MEMORANDUM.
Per i>tmr Noyo, Aug 20, off Duxbury— Passed
two nrltieh shirs.
Per schr Allen A. Aug 21— Spoke Br r.hlp
Cambrian Hills, from Newcastle, Aus.. for San
Francisco.
TELFGRAPHTt
- ¦.:.--'.' - Sunday. Aucust 25.
Stmr Pomona, Plien, Eureka.
Stmr Coqullle River, Thompson. .
Stmr Fulton, Duccan. .
Bark Gatherer, Ynunegren. T«cema.
ruirk Himalaya, Williams. Melbourne.
Schr Archie & Fontie. Johannsen Stewarts
Point. .-.¦¦':_¦,¦", . .
SAILED
Sunday. August 26.
Br stmr Westminster. Petrie, 35 days from
Manila, via Nagasaki 26 days.
Ger stmr Tants, Schultz. 116 days from Ham
burg, via San Diego 2 days.
Stmr Noyo, Johnson, 15 hours from Fort
Brace-
Stmr Luella, Miller, 17 hours from Hardy
Creek.
Stmr Bunol, Green. 20 hours from Needle
Rock.
Schr Mary K Rues. Wlkendcr. 10 days from
Tacoma.
Stmr Ban Mateo, Fletcher. 82 hours from Na
naimo.
Stmr Santa Cruz, Hinkle. 30 hours from Port
Hnrford.
Stmr Gipsy, Inland. Z0 hours from Monterey.
Stmr Point Arena, Hansen, 9 hours from Rus
sian Landinz.
Stmr Coqullle River, Thompson, 4$ hours
from Newrort.
Br «hlp Flintshire, Jonen, 73 days from New
castle, N. S. W.
Br ship Cambrian Hills, Evans, S4 days from
Newcastle. Ausrtalia.
Sh:p Isaac Reed, Holmberc. 9 days from
Seattle.
Hark Amy Turner, Warland, 50 days from
Hik>.
Krlc Harriet G. Wayland, 31 days from Ma
hukr.na.
Schr Allen A, Iyernon. 30 days from Mahu
kona.
Bchr Laura Pike. Johnson, 2.t days from Hrls
tol Car.
Schr Newark. Reck, 11 hours from Rowenx
Landing. '
Ship Emily Reed. Baker. 23 days from Ka
hulul.
Schr Mary C. Campbell. 9 hours from Fort
Rosa.
ARRIVED.
Shipping Intelligence.
TO SAIL.
Steamer Movements.
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tide*
thf early morning tides are given In the left
hand column und the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column .gives the second tide of
the day. the third time column the third tide
and the last or riftht hand column gives thr
lapt tide of the day, «xcept whr-n there are but
three tides, as sometimes occurs., The heights
iclven are In addition to-tha soundings on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign f— ) precedes the holght.
and then the number given Is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference, Is the mean of the lower low waters
Sun rises 5:3.3
Sun sots 6:47
Moon sets 7:34 p. m.
MONDAY. AUGUST 27,
United States Coast and Gnodetio Survey—
Times and Heights of Hlgn and Low
Waters at Fort I'olnl. entrance to San
KranctMco nay. I'iiblijihed by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low water* occur at
the city front (Mission-street . wharf) about
twenty-five minute* later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide in the name at both placo.
cian FrnnciECo and vicinity— Fair Monday, be
coming toggy Monday evening: frt^h west
wind. G. H. WILLSON,
Local Forecast Ofllcial.
Northern California— Fair Monday, except
foKqy along the centra! coast: fresh west wind.
Southern California— Fair Monday; Tre?h west
wind.
Nevada— Fair Monda; 1 .
Utah— Fair Monday.
Arizona— Kalr Monday.
The pressure has risen over the Pacific Slope.
the trreatesi rise beins in Eastern Washington.
Tl'e temperature has risen over Oregon and
remained nearly stationary in other districts.
It Is generally above the normal west o£ the
] tacky Mountains.
Fotvcant made at San F'rancipco for thirty
hours ending midnight, August 27. 1900:
The weather 1» cloudy over Puffet Sound and
gonerally clear elsewhere over the Pacific Slope.
A .«prtnk!e o( rain Is reported trom Northern
Utah.
KOHECAST.
Fresno 10u
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
6S; minimum, &&; mean. 62.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENEHAL
The followine maximum temepratures were
reported from stations In California to-day:
Mount TumalpaU:.. 77 Los Angeles 7»
Eureka — Sacramento S$
Independence 92 San Luis Obiapo 70
Red IJluff &S|San Diego 70
(,120th. Meridian— Pacific Time.)
6AN FRAJJCI9CO. August 26. 1900—3 p. m.
Weather Report
PALACE HOTEL.
P 8 Hoyt, Wyoming, |
S S McCurdy. N Y
J F Slier, USA
P B Fraser & w.Stock
E A Curtis, Seattle
Miss M Pope, N Y
G P Pope, N Y
T Gilbert, N Y
X C H J Kramer & w.
New York
T R White, Pa
F T Sutherland, Denvr
C, V Cochran & w, Cal
J Emerson. Stanford
S II Remington. OaJc
R M Close, {*- Ang
M FitzgeraldT. w. NY
J O'Brien, Sfreator 1
D S Cone & w, R Bluff
C Dobblesteln. Bayha
Mrs S A McGowan,
Dawson
A H Urown & w, Cal
X F Duparc, Paris
Baron Fontalnlen, Paris
J ilcLachlan. Pasaden>
D "W Klrkland. Ls Ang
\V .B Segel & w. Cln
D Se.el & w. Cln
Miss Walton, N Y
C A Cushlng. Pt Angls
J F Kidder, Grass Val
J \V Sharpe. Mexico
C Lament, Ohio
C A Copeland. Stanfrd
G W Stark. Mich
TUB" SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, AUGUST 27, 1900.
•TO ARRIVE.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
L
9
w ITime 1 - ITlrr.e 1 ITIroel iTtmel
* ; 1 Ft. ! 1 Ft. i 1 Ft. | 1 Ft.
a H W| |L W| H W| jL W|
27*77." 0:30 4.8 6;1S 1.2 1:05 6.2 6:51 I;S
2X ... 1.11 4.6 6:45 l.C 1:31 5.1 7:31 1.4
29 ... 2:<W| 4.3 Ml 1.9 1:&8 5.1 S.Ki l.S
3<1 J I:B3 4.0! 7:4>l 2.3 2:16 5.1 9:06 1.2
31 .1 3:571 S.S| Vl-.l 2.6 2:E9] 5.0 10:0S l.l
1 ... 5:111 3.7! 9:!*il 3.01 3:411 3.01 11:10 0.9
2...I 6:2ti 3.7| 10:23| 3.2| 4:35| 5.0| |
Steamer. I Destination. I SalU | Pier.
l't. Arena.. [Point Arena.. I Augr. 27. 3 pmlPler 2
Bor.tta INpwport lAuj;. 27. 9 amlPI^r 11
Ppru 'New Vork lAur. ?S. 12 m'PMSS
Eureka ....Illumboldt Aug. 2S, 10 am Pier 1?.
Empire ICoos Bay Aug. 29. 10 am Pier 13
HonRkV MiChlna&Japan Auk. 29. 1 pmlPMSS
Pnnta RosilSun Diego Auk. 23. 11 am Pl*r M
City PueblalVlctorla !Au«r. 2">. U amlPlfr •
Arc»ta ....CoosBav |Augr.3O, 12 mlPJer It
Ftat* Cal.. IPortland lAusr. SI. 11 amlP!<*r .'»
NowburR ..(Grays HarborlAujj. 21 1
foo^ Bay.JNewnort <\uk. ?1, 9 amlPler U
Corona |San Dlepo ISep. 2, 11 am|Pler 11
Steamer. From. Due.
Curacao Mexico Auk. '•'
Santa Rota San Dte«o Autr. '.'
Kmpir* Coos Bay Auff. 2.'
Kureka HumboMt Auar. 77
Pan Mateo Xannlmo Aue- 2.'
¦\Varfleld Oyster Harbor Auk. 2:
Matteawan Tacoma Au«t- ti
Xewburs ....... Grays Harbor. * Auk. 2S
China China anil Japan... Auk. 2S
Stat«t of Cat.... Portland Auk. 28
Arrata Vemi Hay Auk. ?¦>
Pomona (Seattle lAugr. 2>
roo« ltxv iNVwport Iauk. <r>
Macklr.aw (Seattle Aug. 29
Point Arena ...IPolnt Arena...; Auk. M
Walla Walla.... I Victoria Aug. 3)
North Kork .....Humboldt Aug. 30
Crescent City .. Crescent City Auk. 3.1
Acapulco New York Aug. 31
r>»l Nort* Portland Au/r. 31
Corona |San IMopo Au;. SI
Steamer. I Destination. I SalU | Pier.
l't. Arena.. [Point Arena.. I Augr. 27. 3 pmlPler 2
Bor.tta INpwport lAuj;. 27. 9 amlPI^r 11
Ppru 'New Vork lAur. ?S. 12 m'PMSS
Eureka ....Illumboldt Aug. 2S, 10 am Pier 1?.
Empire ICoos Bay Aug. 29. 10 am Pier 13
HonRkV MiChlna&Japan Auk. 29. 1 pmlPMSS
Pnnta RosilSun Diego Auk. 23. 11 am Pl*r M
City PueblalVlctorla !Au«r. 2">. U amlPlfr •
Arc»ta ....CoosBav |Augr.3O, 12 mlPJer It
Ftat* Cal.. IPortland lAusr. SI. 11 amlP!<*r .'»
NowburR ..(Grays HarborlAujj. 21 1
foo^ Bay.JNewnort <\uk. ?1, 9 amlPler U
Corona |San Dlepo ISep. 2, 11 am|Pler 11
Steamer. From. Due.
Curacao Mexico Auk. '•'
Santa Rota San Dte«o Autr. '.'
Kmpir* Coos Bay Auff. 2.'
Kureka HumboMt Auar. 77
Pan Mateo Xannlmo Aue- 2.'
¦\Varfleld Oyster Harbor Auk. 2:
Matteawan Tacoma Au«t- ti
Xewburs ....... Grays Harbor. * Auk. 2S
China China anil Japan... Auk. 2S
Stat«t of Cat.... Portland Auk. 28
Arrata Vemi Hay Auk. ?¦>
Pomona (Seattle lAugr. 2>
roo« ltxv iNVwport Iauk. <r>
Macklr.aw (Seattle Aug. 29
Point Arena ...IPolnt Arena...; Auk. M
Walla Walla.... I Victoria Aug. 3)
North Kork .....Humboldt Aug. 30
Crescent City .. Crescent City Auk. 3.1
Acapulco New York Aug. 31
r>»l Nort* Portland Au/r. 31
Corona |San IMopo Au;. SI
w ITime 1 - ITlrr.e 1 ITIroel iTtmel
* ; 1 Ft. ! 1 Ft. i 1 Ft. | 1 Ft.
a H W| |L W| H W| jL W|
27*77." 0:30 4.8 6;1S 1.2 1:05 6.2 6:51 I;S
2X ... 1.11 4.6 6:45 l.C 1:31 5.1 7:31 1.4
29 ... 2:<W| 4.3 Ml 1.9 1:&8 5.1 S.Ki l.S
3<1 J I:B3 4.0! 7:4>l 2.3 2:16 5.1 9:06 1.2
31 .1 3:571 S.S| Vl-.l 2.6 2:E9] 5.0 10:0S l.l
1 ... 5:111 3.7! 9:!*il 3.01 3:411 3.01 11:10 0.9
2...I 6:2ti 3.7| 10:23| 3.2| 4:35| 5.0| |
rUHSOXALS^
1 NY or.<- kn«'>!r.t the whet-abouts of ADA I
::::.:.:-: _: ajvv fketweli. win be re-
. led Hy i::i«n:.in £ r lex < <J.;. C.:i ufiice. !
SUET., the pcpaltr h_i;dresr?r. dcet th. j
:,r ;r. n:v.- »r.<i all MyK-.«. _> ..r.'.j ; _wlichc-_ i
I v;. :_. St«cktatt »t. J
IJ_MfM-J a l-vu MacKif. Initiate. has ''
• rvc 1 V.is <ia^/>-s Icr tplrit unfoldnrwnt and i
\.h i it-k!)> ou Tuesday and Thursday .venings '
C u'dork; f !¦.•<- iecc_re Ki-lo*y e\o.. S D-'docki |
: .i;.ti.'T; -ifilly. 9 lo _. T.:? tlGlden Gat» ave. j
.-,: isi:OEt»N RIVER CO.: !
HOPKE BUOS
Mtttreiwcn and p'Jlowi mad" to order, re- '
• ¦ ( r. d an<i renovated; hon-rt work guAi.in- !
••¦:: r"*lre. defy rcmrK-tition: fln? upho'.-i»rv
•>V.cr.e ESC9>: l*c'.ory. 21$ ftr.<l :20 l-:irv.-:ith Ft ' j
itrct-cl-.. cleat.ir,!; ar.d -ly.ir.K. -5CS Sutter st ' '
¦ :>-^v^._ _ "¦ ;
,.:> *crrE_t?-?S " i
!•«*.. n_ c>;rti«-tf_ r.!th E-B-Uf-stlsni (no rr.a:- i
: - tii I. >» i'.:iir tu.n.:;:iK». crary^thcr chri-r.lc i
¦'f;-.-»-, Hbould cat] at otic* »i ihe SANS
.- ¦< -I ¦<'!. l'.u.' Var. N»ss ave.— ihe u;--to-t*.ate la.
rt tutlin fir trratn-.cnt. V.> ) :a vo .; ytar.'
i Micrlenc*. Charges reasonable.
¦TJC :ich.B i:i every r..on_— '.Vinche-_ter i
Hotei, 44 Third «=t.. near Market : 700 room*- '
-. to II 59 r-tT night; »1 5- to $¦; per week;
•:.-.> 'but arid bF.:.-fa}"? to and from the ferry, j
r-;"j'J"S to order on lr.st_llmc:itf : |_5 upward:!
i: r. week. I.KIX LE1IOS, 1117 Mcj ket tt . i
bvtweca Beventb ar.a Kig-hth.
: :: (_S— 308 rcr^ar.ect euros in £a:i {^rmxx.iro, !
wtto OU1 be seen: n^ operation: r.o pain; par- !
T-.-c:ar» sent. A«1. I'hyaldan. box 1S%O. Call.
-SUSf-CR-S Quintoelc«L hair tonic Etops f_.'.tir.g !
oct: c___e__flg, beautifying; _.;. hott'.e.
'.'l:s. ADA ("I .ARK has rerumed her Tuesday !
-¦vening o'.a:-!, at Uevisadero Hall.
i:_t~. B. H. GROVE. 3« Keaxny. rr^tn 1»- \
Hc-icr; treat* chronic diseases fuccefisTully. j
I'-Ain cu'ck'.y curled or waved by using Tal- ]
cr<tf* curling fluid: 10c bottle; druggists. i
i^T"I>ERnR'S Fcuno Shampoo leads them all: ]
l.aa real merit; try It; enly Ec package.
WAI-TED — O!u-fasMoned kUvex. brays, copper '
curio*, ail descriptions. Sir. Dupor.t *t.
t?t*ITS to or_»r on <_u>y paytaents. Art Tailor-
:r.g Co., Examiner building, room 4W.
ALFREDUUS Egyptian Henna restores gray
ho'.r to '.ts natural color: II. at ail druggl«t«.
CAST-OFF clothing. <¦•!- cold »n_ »llver bought:
send r-os-a!. COLEMAN'S. . r '0fi Keamv st.
PHYSICIANS AXD SinCEOXS. .
DR. J. HERBERT REEVE. SCI- Kearny *t..
curai by 4=.5ectricity Nervous I'rostration. In-
Fon-.nla. Aftl-.r-.a. Rheumatism. Paralysis, Ca-
tarrh. Comnuaptloa. Kidney, and all m_am-
matory cases; diseases dlagr.esed.
UK. C. C. O'DON'XELL — Office and residence.
l<i-li_ Market nt.. bet. Sixth and Seventh.
DJS-U- CSTATE CITV — FOR SALE.
FOR _a.e — Neat oottape of 4 large rooms, high
basement; pood-_l_ed lot; nice garden and
chicken-bouses. Including fancy chickens;
half a. block from cars; also adjoining cut-
tage of 3 rooms and large lot. Inquire grocery
rtore. Cher.ery 6_.. opp. Fair-mount School.
MISSION cottage: 6 rooms and bath; large lot;
terms to suit buyer. Ovroer 413 Kearny et.
J1C75 — HOUSE, 4 rooms and bith; Installment*.
204 Congo tt . Sunnyslde.
MODERN houses built; lowest prices; plans and
estimates furnished Campbell. 1147 Mission.
________ ESTATE COIWTI-Y For Sale
tll'.COO— A FINE bearing vineyard of 33 acres;
the crop ready in six w«tks; estimate, at
S_500; district fre* cf frost and free, of dls-
i__se; 1H mllen from Cloverdaie; winerj". ca-
l^acity cf 7o,WC gallons; this place wanta !n-
potion to _e fully apiredated; will not be
:er^>_,lfc after '.he 1st of September. Address
T. J. D.. 3M C'.overdale.
F<"»R *ale or exchange In one of the best coun-
try lowrif :n t~tate cor.sietinir of half interest
lr. r'! T '- c iI>«l brick corner; 60xHf>; ccmtainirig
I -tor«-.«; also 3 cottages In town; all rented;
t. a*cr.!= of s»-!ling busioeM In city; Fnap for
i irtir-s £estr_— C country prcperty. Box 1S76,
II ofrtir*. -. :>;.:
:.' ACHES ! r\i\f from Lafayette; S-room house.
itarr.. 4 »-hioken bouset-, famhy orchard; price
SK^: tak.- ?C00-down. balance 1109 yearly
:.:¦ •,. -T-.ts. __ n. GEHRINCJ, 47S Tenth St..
'-•aklar:.. . ui . . . «'';.•?
"¦ 4CT_ES oran5» and rraln l_nd: 50 acres level:
• ¦vn-r rr.ust liave money: If sold within 5 day*
-ill accept ?3'X'. 'FCHWEtKHARD & CO.. 317
:.'rirk"t t<et. tth ar.d 6»_h: tei. Mint 1911.
(-CCUBATE penoiutl knowledge— each of the
:-; 'i< ranches on my FALE end EXCHANGE
list. More trsn al! «h»r «g^nts In this city.
D SIC-_E1__, tiie lan.l a^ent. 6 Geary »t.
T<"» I,E.iFE— Ssther ranrh, Pan Pablo Creek.
>' ¦ ::ti». C"sxa County: ll.'O acre.: _50 acres
¦-ra::i land; well v.'at<"r<"d; railroad facilities
tn perrcm to R. E. ROWLAND. Orinda Park.
'"•">:V. acr* for sale: well improved: house, trees.
w.-.u:. t^ar station; _tor», church, school.
CCY H. BALISBCaT.-.S-a Jos*.
PI-IXTED !:pt— M. GRIFFIN. 719 Market, r. 1:
'arms and oity property exchanged or fold.
'<•): rem — -75-acre ferm. Alameda Co.; cash
><¦ t I! JI CRANK. EM California Ft.
HEAL ESTATE TO EXCHANGE.
IF you desire to rxchange your property or
t'UElc-ss send us particulars. We will mall
yen tra-ie list end maku an offer for your
I roperty. PCHWEINHARP & CO.. 637 Mar-
ket ft., bet. rth and 6th.: tel. Mint. 1911.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
AI.AMr.Dl REAL. ESTATE.
WOO CASH, balance eajiy terms, will buy a
choice new ho_ee of H rooms; M foot lot: price
J2SM. Owner. 124I Park »t.
dcKKllli Au\i_Kll_5_lM__i\ib
BERKELEY IlEAL ESTATE.
$2000— A NEW 6-room cottage; connected with
era a acd water rrair.s; street work all don.;
electric cars pass the property; cash or ln-
.UtllmesU. Apply to MASON _c McLENA-
THEN. adjoining P. O.. Berkeley.
EAF_ invertment for J7500: block of land favor-
ably located ti— ar oominjr Santa Fe Railroad.
Particulars C.W-LLMOTT. 816 Market _t.,S.F.
FRUITYALE ADVERTISEMENTS
FRCITVALE REAL ESTATE.
FTNT. corner let, Sf>xl.2, b€t. Frultvale and
Elmhurst, unlncumbered, for sale cheap. Par-
ti-nj!ars from owner, L. A. LAFKANCA. Mls-
glon fean Jose. Cal.
oaklandIdvertisements.
OFFICE— 1113 BROADWAY.
OAKLAXD REAL ESTATE.
. _ _ " : . ¦ ¦ '
HAVn ycu «v<t seen or heard of such an op-
"•tortun'.tj'? JuPt completed. 2-story house of
. rot/ins, bath, reception hall, etc: open
nickel-JiUtcd plumbing. flr.iEhed In cur!y red-
wood, dovetailed paneled, bf_xa c-sllinfir, tlnt-
.-1 «r_Xl* In fact everything that makes home
*3titiO;i: !ot 30xia_, facing Telegraph ave..
i *_r XXJitj -I LOIUi «t.: most wonderful to _ay
m cms b-7 this beautiful home for |>X) cash
! -1 _^*_m- mcrgaKC of XZ 4 *A fiat loan. A. J.
KtrVDE-t, U-*l nutaf. 4C7 Nictn Ft.. Oakland.
THK «IIIiAPnST AND rrNICST HOCSiS. IN
OAKLAND.
\T."' : f.nrr "-room, bath and reception nail;
Tlur..'.. •- "..'•en ji:rk»-l j.lated. flnlrhed tn
<*¦*¦;¦::•. _>» : (li_nln'ood). team cclliar; every
]•¦• ¦!•«. . »,-; and cant-T a pl-a s or'» tu the vy.
'..¦ ¦¦'. <{*.ri; faelr.r on that p:t>n-iln«-r.t ave-
. •;• .Jaifr.. near 7hlrty-s<-wnd_ kt, Thi«
i-tvi^artsi »_itTlea ¦ mortcuK'? cf t'£>'-'*). which
'¦::¦¦>¦ \-p|__tfr>n <»f n«t leas than *7000:
; •:¦ • w.I. fi-.v. A. 3. SXTl>~Jt & CO.. Ileal
:ias«?fl_t*«a5S«P-ri.e*nt; _*w
• mm'- :.. ;f bNSC of * rwm>; t^rcclaln
,'•• s;vl til-i dink: *,&* fixture and shades:
.cr.-.r.i -Mli-.- r»cc1!<r.*. n« 1,-rhborlwMxJ : near
Jor?l tr?.in» rtn .! ,.„- |<ne». . BKLUEN &
*-C*j7Z. :^\Vpthr.zi?>n am". Fourteenth Fts.
; :•¦ -rOir:t r ¦¦••fi-*. |.r.ih: Ij'.^i hase.T.ent; brick
;.::!.;¦,. t>- '.-.; i \j\r.r\ f'om fScctrtc car.: 19
njlr.utfr-" walk ¦-. f <t*j .ind Br«adr.ay. BEL-
PK-- . I- ¦ C«X)ICj w* h'nc.vn nnd _-'»urtfrent»i.
a__KinW l:r.u.-- -,f « -jrr;,-!.; rno-tern thro.gh-
ijot: i'V''i'' ?'¦'•• ' Etn_tt rn McClu;v Hetfrbtf.
nHT»D*N ft <( < '¦:. \\'..»h:;-,-to!i and 14th -U-
.i«Sf>— T»-f ' °" * rrotn. iind bath each.
within k-sr va^Ing d-.Ttsnc" of 14th an-I
Jtrca_*|y: W-'l r -,t(«i. C-XDEN St COOK.
".V_*_!rit>»5i ar.d J'ourt'-er.th «ts.
VJ&— FOrleale; »»:*t bar_rain» In Oakland; 4-
room c<4 aEr *- bath»-oom. po.ntrj-. hot and cold
V-mter, 4-ndr>" «n_ -bop; lot' 2Sx&4. 1238 Pe-
rnWa. rtl J»t_recn Kiftecnth and Sixteenth,
V.'ust OAIsnd. ;
OAKLAND ADYliRTlSBlENTS.
O.V1-I.AXD KEAL ESTATE.
J. L. DOnLE & CO.. 4G5 Eishth st.. Oakland, j
Telephone Red bO. BarK-'tl" Cist!'.
Olive ranch _i acres. C miles irom .V.pi, SSiOQ.
l'rune ranch _0 acr=s. 2 milts from Santa '
Hsa. J2000. !
Seven-room hc_«e en Chennut ft.: lot 00x150;
SS'/OO : $150 down, balance (20 per month.
Two n.it« and a hous- on Tenth si.; rent $35
por month; price f.SOO. :
I_odplnK-hcu»e or Ut rooms on Washington |
ct. : $1.00. f z' 1 -' '¦*¦;-' 1
S I-odRiJifi-hnuse cf <S rocms on San Pablo ave.; |
$2fitii: rfiit J100. • I
S'MCO— NKW modern ccttase containing 7 larpe j
roonin. bath aj:il launriry; firet fl'X>r finished j
in Kccr_be_ i^inf. vevy liandRonie and rich;
libiary and dfak '.'.: sar/.« ricKipn: porcelain
l_tth: open r.ickc-l-i<'.atel plumbing; large lot:
4 f'-et ubovr street grado: stone wall, steps 1
r.rc! wnlks; will s«-ll or. easy terms. Apply to I
3. S. JOHNSON, 1001 Droadway. Oakland. j
KSOB-^CENTAL XZO; modern 6-r.->nm<Hl cottas-e ,
In fln«- .-ondit!on; within a few blocks of the •
t':ty }!*U: tor a quick cash sale. GEO. W. «
AL'PTIN A Vt).. l'.«y> Mroadway. OaklanJ.
t."0-CnST over *«">00: modei-n Kr.stlake home j
,,f S r.ne larife rooms: all !n line condition; :
nicest to-ation: near AdeiiTie an_,Ce_ter s'.a- 1
lion^. C.i:O. W. AUSTIN _; CO.. 1WS L!ru:-.J- ;
way. CKkland. j
«1 ACRE3 to reat ne*f Oakland; rich land. I
w!th ii_ildlr.j:s. tools, wagons and stock., j
BAJ-BD-TRYP.-t- Ninth st.. O-ikland. j
ChTAl'EST airJTest in America— The Weekly !
Call, lo patei". sent to any adores? in the |
I'r.llcd States or Canada one year for Jl.
rxFtjipe paid. • ]
oakLaxd houses to let.
FOR Iho best housc«. _otta_*8 and flats, fur- j
Bished or unfnrnlshed, to be liaJ. **(¦ G EO. :
\V. Al'STIN A CO.. 10^ nroa.lway. Oaklan.l. j
OAKLAND KlIIMTliKE KOIl SALE.
AN intre-uctlon to you from H. ScheUhaas. the
fUTnit.r* dealer. Ilth and Fran-Un. O-klanJ 1
- ¦ — j
HOOM. KOIl IIOTisKKl-l-I'IN*". ;
Ilr^DROO:-'-^- kitchen for hous^lceeiiing, with j
yard. Inaulre 1432 Howard st. j
BARTLETT. 413— Three sunny rt-oms rurnlshed i
or unfurnished; reasonable; $10. j
KOUIiTli. 216-ParIor suite for housekeeping; j
also single housekeeping rooms.
GOLDEN GATE. C.2— Sunny suite* furnished ;
for housekeeping; g.i* stove; running o'aier. I
I GOLDEN GATK. 1C £-1 or 4 housekeeping I
1 rooms; cheap.
j HAMPTON' Blase, 19. off Polsom, bet. Secon.i
i and Third— Four rooms and hath.
! HOWARD. KC-t—TVo cortnectinK housekeeping
! rms.. furn.. IS; also doutJie and -ingle TOO-OS.
i HYDE, 40K-- Sunny front basement suite; coal
I range; sink; complete for housekeeping; ilo.
! LARKIN. SM-Sunnyback bedroom ar.d kitchen,
furnished romplete for housek'plng; yard: $10.
j 2 LARGK sunnr romiK. nicely furnished and
1 par-e>r«d complete for housekeeping; rent $2 25
i per week; also one larce ruom. furnished cotn-
¦ j.>lete for housekeeping; rent $1 23 per week-
Apply fH-.c- i=tore, ."6~2 Mission -t., between
i First and Second sts.
I OAK. 119— Pur.ny front room furnished for
j housekeeping, ,:>; K»» extra; suitable for two.
! O'FAURKLL. 742— Two or three neatly fur-
nished rooms for housekeeping, ?1^ to j20.
! POST, r.2T— Newly furnished front room; gas
j snd lath; private family. •
1 POWKLL, €12A— Large •.unny room neatly fur-
| u'shr-il, and others; reasonable.
I POWELI* 1401—1 or 3 nice sunny connecting
I rras. furnished for housekps; .ink, pas, bath.
i SHIPLEY. -Si! near Sixth— Complete housc-
keerlnB rooms; single or double.
j FIXTH, 40$— Furnished housekeepins rooms.
j ST. JAMES. McAllister and Laguna— Corner
! tunny suite* complete for light housekeeping:
i ulso single rooms; rent reasonable; bath, tele-
1 phone ar.d recer>tlcn room. :""";',.
! ' — —
j Kl" TTI.R. 407— Three hout^keeplng rooms.
! TEHAMA. 47S. n.-ar Sixth— 2 front rooms fur-
nisht-d for housekerpln?; JS.
VAN NE5S, 4(_— Front liay-window suite, new-
ly furnished for housekeeping: gas range.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch off.ee. 2.00 Fillmore st.
A RIIANCH ofnee for Call advertisements and
I subscriptions has been established at lVJ'i
Valencia «t. -
: ROOSLS TO LET — Fnrn. nnd L'nfnrn.
i A— BRUNSWICK HOUSE, 14S Sixth— Rooms
2Gc t* $1 per night, tl 2. to $0 per week, ar.d
light housekeeplns; open all night.
i I5URNETT. 1iX Market (old No. 1364)- T"ur-
nlsr.ed rms.. suites, single; also unfurnished.
' IJt'PH. T34 — Nice sunny rooms, furnished; roa-
I -or able.
; Bl'PH «20 — Nicely furn. sunny room»:tl n") to $7
¦wk.; Sc to H 50 night. MRS. P.. RANFT.
; EIX-S, J04. cor. Mason <Cllfford)— Hand? m\»l;
furnished 6unny rooms; prices reasonable.
' FIFTH. S53 — Sunny furnished single rooms, ?!
and %Z per month.
! FOLSOM. 965. cor. 6th <T$e Oliver)— New fur-
nished sunny rms, single or suites; reasonable.
GOLDEN GATE, 7.7— Finely furn. front rm. ;
single, en suite; gents; private; reasonable.
GOLDEN GATK, 1529— . unfurnished rooms for
i housekeeping; bath and pantry. _______
! GRAND SOUTHERN, southeast corner Seveuth
and Mission sts. — Sunny rooms, en suite or
; elngle; ladles' parlor; reading-room; elevator.
I HAIGHT. f41— Nice sunny room, bath and gas,
I for gentleman In private family.
HOTEL Francisco— Elegant s-ltes; single: tran-
sient; baths. MRS. KING, Turk and Taylor.
HOWARD. 829 — Rooms from tl week up to t_;
23c to Jl night: also housekeeping rooms.
HOWARD, 583. cor. €th— Orlando House— New
management: furnished rms.; suites or single.
HOWARD. 213S. corner Eighteenth— Sunny fur-
nished room.
j JESSIE, 363— PumlFhed rooms, 14, $*., J6 and $7;
a housekeeping. ?9.
! JESSIE. 642B — 2 unfurnished rooms: use of
kitchen, bath ar.d stationary washtubf, new
flat.
LA8 PALMAS, 1S2O Market st.— Suite of 2 or 3
rms.; private; bath; sin. rms.: board optional.
MAPLE court. -R. off Fourteenth Ft., near
Guerrero — 5 sunny rooms; hot. cold water; $11.
MINNA. €67. cor. Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room, tl per week; trajipient.
OAK. 14, near Market— Front s>unny room.
O'FARRELL. 20 — Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; electric lights; day. wit., mn.
O'FARP.ELL, 742— Xlcely furnished sunny aulft
rooms, en *ulte or elngle: gas, bath, phone.
OTARRE-L. 1K51— Two nicely tarnished front
rooms; sunny: bath; private family; no chil-
dren.
PROSPECT place, 122. off California, near
Powell— Large front sunny rm.: bath; $(5; pri.
ROREDALE House. _1:< and 3.1 Ellis St.— Rooms,
' nlcht tic to $1, weef M ..> to $4; open night.
i ROYAL HOUSE. 12S E1II« Kt.-^-Incand-scent
j lie'it; rradlr!_- room, smoking room and ladies'
parlor; rooms, per right. 3f.c to Jl 50: week. $:
to IS; month, 18 to $20: elevator 'on office
j floor: ro.-.tns with hot and told water; l»:«tl._.
i SHERMAN Apartment House. ;g Eighth st..
j near Market— Furnished or unfurnished.
i SIXTH, 13$— Furnished gunny rocms; ?Ing!e or
isutlee: al»o room* for light hou*ek»eD'.ng.
I BUTTER. 717, near Taylor— Runny : icboU:*; rea-
Miialj'"-: :>l4?_!>e Investigate.
j CLASSIFIED odvertlyements and subscriptions
r^re'.ved at Call branch ¦)ffiti > . ..00 Killmore st.
A BRANCH ofnee-. for Call advertisements and
subscriptions baa been '-stabMshc-d at 10!<5
Vnlenrla Bt.
: ROOM. AXD HOARD.
j HOTKL Su'.hrrland. 791 Sutter st.;°Cbolc«Ttc«a_
i ties; funay rooms with board; lira; -class with
J pvrr>- ccnvenlence. _
j <-I.\VlX<: ' MAC'III.VICS AXO SKIM'LIKS.
I AI.L klnis iK.upht. sold end repafrlnj; guarnn-
tee_. Chas. PUm^-k. J*l?- M^f^ion. nr.« 15th.
j ALL k!T)d«^h<-.iirht. »"!<>. ex-han.c.l. r«-nl*J:
j . »*r»lr'r^nt iiwf« r»»»» ;or. r*"»irtvi st. "
I RTOItAGK AM) W^UEHOUSEg;
J BHOS.. storage and moving: covered
v«n». Tenth and Mnxk«t: phone South 762,
j i'ACIKIC Storage and Furnltui- Moving Coni-
' rany. 2S20 Flllmor. U.: phone Jackson 281.
j UJCKINS VaJi an-' Storace «:.->.. ~1: Mission it.:
' tel. Main 1RW — T»ji<>klnf. »iir>vtns j«nd stnra_-*.
j TVPBWniTKISS AMI SL'I'I'LIBS.
! </> r.Pr iIXkoaixj* in tvi'kwkTteks^uv
' >'Al better machines for les* mor«y thin any
i^ houre In tb«» ejty; rentals, S3. Th« Typ.writer
K_ch«T:pe, MS C-lifornia. telephone Mnln .86.
ALWAYS bargains In typewriters; any make.
Writ- for prices to L. & M. ALEXANDER.
j 110 Montgomery st.
1NEW typewnters. .. down, 15 month payments.
REVALK. 409 CallfcraU st.
J /v\cr\\/ov _t co.. r
I FnXERAL Uli:ECTOItS 4: EMIULMEKS. _
I 113a Market Bt.. between 8th and 3th. M
? Telephone South 247. 5
hLM^V .5 • :'.:.,\r il U T CO..
(Successor* to Flanna^an & Gallaeher*
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mpr.
FVXr.P.AL. DIRECTORS AND KMUA-MER3
' 20 Fifth ft., f.ppoflte Lincoln School.
Telephone South SB.
AUCTION SALES
fe £s>
30 HEAD DRAFT HORSES. ALL BROKEN'.
Bays, black* and browns; weighin-j frr m l_il
to 1600. Kred by W. E. Haniman. CHASE *
MENDENHALL. salesyanl 173? Market st.
RAnJEtOAI) TBAVEL^^^
K«I'TIIKII.> i*.-«'l-'l<: «'«>.Hr«K1.
|l"»<:iri<: HYKTK-M
Train- Iruir iiml nr* «»nt< la nrri«« Ml
«*> »-|C«N«'IH<«>.
(Ma:_ Line. Foot of il.irnc: Street.)
tSAVt — Viif.it ACOO-1 12, 1DC0. — *r.r.iv«
•7:OO» BrnicU. .Snlsim, Blm^ra. V_cat!Ile,
•~ sow* Sh-sta K-pr.s^— l>K¥i_. Vn_t-i--«(fcl
Kanlett Spring.), vViiiux*, i:.-..
Bliiff, Pbr»i»nd. .... »7:ISp
•7:3»» 11 _••... «_. .>»n Itniium, VaJleju. M»r».
V»)i-«-s» -ad .*_-**• ):«*+ - •<»:! •¦»?
•»:»»a D.TU, V. ,. l >l!_:i I i. Knixiit* I.amlin..
M-ryniiif. or...i.l- *7:»3r
| •>I:»I>1 AiKnti- K«r>rr««— "•sil-i. ar..l E__l •13:l-1p
•HiOUv JTIlw, Tr cy __.:i;ri'i-. S <r,t.r> •.:!.¦>_
•*i:tt>« Hsu Ju-K, l.t'. tmi'K. nMM-luil, *
ImiB. HaennwnM -'l:4C»-rfi_o.
khwymUlr. t.-liic... Kstl UhttT M:l-*Vr
•H:3H* C>__ .'.*... |-hl:i.-»-> (fuc Y.-WBott-i,
— — — — !¦. C— rl— B— .' *4:l3p
•U:O(lv lUyM-uri.K. \il>aiM)<l \T»j SUtioni. *ll:l.t*
'!):«mI/< ADKaicfc Kt^re.i.i— Mitrtiufi,
Tr-ey, L-Mm^r, i oak ton, M.-ic-ii
Kwhu.lu U* Aiitfe't- '-Jjiar
•i».:u>» Va.ll.i-.. HwUm._m >v»j Station. •»!..*»»
•immii Th- <>Trrl..i 1 Li-.u-*.!— O_'iei>.^)eo-
t«. !•>-___. Chic__> .. •asl-'J»
•I1j<M»» Sli-\ Stooklou, fl_cr»rai"utit, M-i'.-
il.>'i. Krt .:>¦.), ll-nfiirii, VUitli-,
I". rter»iil<i *«*I3?
•ll:!)«» iJTi-rmore. -«»r^T Goth^n Ju_o-
ti..u. C. fc-rs-rt.l. L»- .'» .. s - .-:.--
•I •.:««•« li.ijw.r .6. Nttwamd Ufaj ou:ioni. *•-_: 1 .1 r
1 1:011 r; Siicrtliiitihtii ItitM H>inm» (3:011*
•l:O(»i- l|_yw«i(l_, .\;i*4 and V. _, Mtatlom . •»! » • r
•«:»»!¦ Jl»ili!».j. rtaMl 1t->» VxCtfJu.
N»l>^. IT-lW-mft r_niln Una- •iiil.i.
•<i«»«r llooiela. Wlnirts, M»oramento,
n'oiwlioiiil. K.il.liU l.-iu'.ir...
Maryiiriltr. O»o»ll;» M _¦:.:»?
•l:.1(»p Mlwt. r<m».fi.-r iui.IMS4ickb.il *?ll->*
•*i«»pTIi« Owl I hiMtril -li_<-y, riuuo,
I Uk^n. :>..'. Satigun fur H_iit» llar-
b»r_, I.) I Aliflrle*. •!«:••¦»»
•.iionr RtocStoa •«:!.•»*
*3it>orNew Oile__* Eirr-M-lHiern'i-lil.
H_nt_ Kitrlmr.. l,t*t Ar.fiF.i. Deiu-
!•¦«. Kl »"_«.. New ini.-»i.» and
?:_•» •¦»*«••»»
•KiOAr HsrwanU. Nile^aiul Man Jo.v •.*«»•
f<i:Oi»r Vallrji* •l_:l.1r
»iiil»«rOrie_Ul Mull-Ojilen. Chey«nn«.
Oiuaha. CUiCTc» «It:l3p
•«l:HOFOri«>i:tU M_il— <)g_on. Denver.
thatiit. Chlnv* -i*l»»
•7sO«- NUe_,Tr»c7, L.'.hrop. Stocitoa.... # l"-:13r
! |7l«UP Vallej". fort <-'u«U and v.a/ M*.
Uimil t*""*
•liWr Or«KO» and O-ir<iriit. Ki|>r.«..H>a- .
riim.iitM. Mari.oilir. ltt»l.l!»K.
I'oit'nnt. r.i.^n *...„..» _,,a *»,<> '<:l.^>
(0 1ST DIVISION (> ; irrott team.).
| (Foot of Mirkctstfert.i
I X"3tAHjk _»nt_> Cnu Exciir.io:i tor
; Cruz and tVindpal >V_; 8tacin_- I»:Mr
•Sil.1- K»w»r!:.«>iitrr»lilv..-t_.,.l.i«i..Kfit..ii.
1 ltoul<i>rCi<'»k.Xai>U(Jri>.kn<l Wat
KUtlui.a 'n.-ur
! t -¦» *r Nx«»rk. (>..'^tt Btm .1 ,»,. N-_
AIdui.Uu. ITWtum Xuul.lur Orach.
! b_nii Criiz an.l I'liDcliwI VV_,
HtatkMia •!«,.•»»»
! '-ijISr New»r_. **» ,)««.•. !..•. <:_?:>« t*:-~«».
' altiapGlenwood. Ktltivi. Santa Cr... .. «wj^w»
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
! rrtasti ra.jcixco— rm •' KmMi st>..i ,s;nv-
•7:15 ..00 11:00*. _. |1:C: '2 33 \T.Z2
! •4:03 tS:C3 'J:03k.u.
| rtiia liiiuis- »«»i «r_r««j-.».~-r..ou n «'<i io:00«.h.
tlSC3 *X:e3 t-S3 *3::3 H::3 -3::3r-M.
CO AM DIVISION ; llron.M,aii R e).
(Thlnl and To^vnseml Su.)
I •/. Ocean Vi.w. tio«tij «_n Kr»u«a«ct>.. t_i:»«p
? T-.Oii* Han .i«i«« -ml W_» SUUim (Not*
Alitiatlni WwltMw_a»_«"ily> •liSOp
t?iUOA Sand-r Eieursloo t»t Ann Jcwe.
hint. Cruz. Padta Grof* _ud
Frlnotpal Way .Stations t9i3.tr
•U.OO» s«i, Jo,e. Tr*- TiiKM. Sunta t'nix,
Pactll* llrnve. I'aao Kohlea. S»u
I.nia Olii-|n>, tiurf. I ouspoc am.
rrlnelp»l W»r HUtlona •H.l.r
•l«: im San Joae and VV»» dtatloua *«:3-1t
>lli_0_ Kau.loa«.LotGatoa-mlWa7>staMoiia *»t4«r
|«i41rflu Mu«n luawoo.!. Maulo Fuk,
Palo A l_x .Santa Clara. S_i> .l.uu>.
Tree Pino*. Kanta tJni.. S-lluaa,
Mooteray an.l f.ciiie Qn>T« tinaOk
! fll:Xar*_aJo-e-ml ff»| St-tlons •-«:!»?
! «4ilSpKa_Jo«eau.lPTlncip-i WayMtattoiia *9: 1*4
tatOOp S-a Jow, Los Oatoa aad Principal
; Way -SUtiotix t»K»o*
; «5iSOp a»n.lr.t» an<) r*r1oclp»l Wajr Station. ?»::«*
I •«:::»(• SinJuie an.l Waj Htalloua ?«:««>%
! Hl«45p 9an Jowtrnt Way .SUtion- »78^i>r
I A for Morning V" f _.• A f lorn wm
'¦ *D_ilj ? 8aud_y eicepted. Jbuudayonly.
• Btturdajr only.
- a Batuiday _nd Sand** e Mouday ooif .
' CALIFORNIA NaRTH¥ESTERN RY. C0.
L-.SSID--
SAH FRAHGISCO AMD HOHTH PAGIFIB
RAILWAY COMPAPfY.
Tiburon Ferry. Foot of Market St
8AN FRANCISCO TO SAX IUrAEL,
i 'WEEK DAYS— 7:30. J:00. U:00 a. m. : _.:«.
1:30. 5:10, «:M p. m. TJmrBdaya— Extra trip
at 11:30 o. m. 5_turd_ys— Extra tr:;. at \:14
and ll:?0 d. m. . _i
6UNDAYS— S:f«. 3:». U:C0 a. m. : IM. 3:J0,
• :«0, S:2O :>. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
; WEEK DATS— «:10, T:;0. 9:i0. 11:10 a. m. : 1_:43,
1:40. S:13 p. rr.. Saturdays— Extra trips at
1:E5 and (r_5 o. m.
BUN DATS— 8:10. 9:40. 11:10 a. m. : 1:40. 3:40,
5:C5. «:.5 p. rj.
B4BtwiMtn Pun Francisco tad Schnstzen Park
j tame tcheUu!* us above.
Leave I Tn Effect. ! Arrive
I Pan FrancUco. [Apr. 15, lOCCi Baa Franclsctx
! We#k I Sun- I I Sun- 1 Weei
I Days. I dayi. f Destination.] day. | Day*.
j 7:39 am! 3:00 »m Novato] 110:40 ami »:40 an»
t 3:30 pra •:30 am Pet-luraa. «:<K pm'10:25 an.
! S:l3 prr.| 5:00 pm Santa Rosa. | 7:_S pmi 1:20 ptn
i ~ """ Fulton.
17:30 am Windsor. 10:0. an_
H'»al-a-ur».
Lytton.
Geyserville.
| 8:33 pm 9:C0 am Clnverdale. 7:33 ptr 8:2) pia
7:30 anal I Kopland I 110:23 am
j 1:30 rn! 8:00 ami and Uklah. I 7:33 pin! 8:20 pm
! 7;30 a_n[ T '10:15 ami
! 1 S:CO am! Ouerncvllle. 7:SS pra!
! 1:30 pm| ! I «:M pm
\ __________ — ¦
¦ J;S)_m 8:00 ami Sonoma 9:15 ami S:40 am
and
,:10 pin 8:00 pmf Olfn Ellen. »:CS pml <:-!> pm
7:30 ami 8:00 am! 110:40 ai_|10:!S ami
' Z.ZO pm| 5:C0 pm! Sebastcpol. | 7:33 pm; «:20 pet
Stasrea connect at Santa Rosa for Mark W««t
Sprinxa and White Sulphur 3prlng.: at Fulton
for Altrona: at Lytton for I-.ytton 5prtnir_: at
Gpyservlll. for Skagg. Spring.: at CloverdaN
for the Geysers: at Holland for Diincaa
Bprlniri. Highland Pprlo(i8. Kflseyvllle. C-rls-
1 bad Sprtnxs. Poda Bay. Lakeport and Bart>tt
i Springs; at U>tah for Vichy Spring.. Saratoga,
. Springs. Blue Lakes. Laurel t>!l Lake. Witter
• Brrtnss. Upper Lake. Pomo, Potter Valley.
'• John Day's, Rlvenrld.. La^ley**. Bucknell'..
' Sanhedrin Heights. Hultrll!*. Orr'a Hot
! Fpi-Inrs. Mendocino City. Fort Braxar. Weat-
rort Usal. Wllllta. Laytonrille. Curnmlna.
' Bell's Sprlnr-. Harris. OUen'.. Dyer. Sect I*
¦ and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round trio tickets at
• reduced rates.
On Sunday round trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rate*
Ticket nfflew. 630 Market st.. Chronicle h\&g.
H. C. WHITING, R. X. RTAN.
General Manaser. __G#n. Pass. Agent.
! NORTH PACIRO COAST RAILROAD.
Via Scusallto Ferry.
Cotnnienclna; April Z2. 1900.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MI1__ VALLET
t AND SAN RAFAliL.
WEEK DATS— 7:C0. t:Z0, 9:20, U:0O a. m.;
• 12:45. •-:_». 3:1.. «:15. '5:1V «:1J. 6:40 p. m
EXTRA TRIPS— For 11111 Valley and Baa
I Rafael, on Mondays, Wednesdays. Saturdays
i acd Sur.riav*. at 9:C0 and 11:3.1 p. m.
SUNDA»'«-T:C0. *8:C0. *):C0. 'lO:^ l!:C0. n : jo
1 a. ro.: 1-M-. # l:30. 2:30. •_:_;. i:0u, «:00. 7:1*
': p. m.
11:CO a. m. do?s not ran t-> San Rafael Suo-
• days.
_'ralTi3 marked (•) run tr> ?an Quentin.
FROiS SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK KAYS- 8:35. "S-SO. 7:iO. S:»0. »10:l_ a.
m.: 12:30. 1:15. 2:13. •3:10. 4:20. 5:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS en Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturday* at '.:43 and 10:S0 p. n.
SUNDAYS— «:1.". •3:C«. *i-S0. 'U.COa. m.: •!_:(»
m.; l:«0. t:15. *-:S0. 4:.P. •»:<-. «:«. 7:30. 1O:_»
P Trains marked «•) atart from San Quentln.
FROM MILL. VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCtX
WEEK DATS-«:53. «:«*. 3:00, «:i3, 10:30 a.
m.: 12:_3 1:48. 1:4-. S:W *:». 5:23 P- «-
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Weda.sJaya
and Saturdays at 7;10 nnd 10:20 p. m.
; 8UNDAYS— «:_•". 8:05. 19:05. 11:10 a. m,; iS.U_
1-20 2:30. 3:«. 4 - 5 *»- 8:i5 . 7:05 - W:S<) V. n_,
*•*"• •• THROUGH TRAINS
7:0ftt. m. week <lay s— Ca zuder. and way a__-
j * _fl5 p. m. Sat':r_ay_— Caiadero and way tt_-
t ."l5 p. ro. weekdays (Saturdays excepted)—
Point Reyes and way station*.
g:00 a. m. 9-ndays— Cazadero aad way stav-
-?:*_> p. «ru Sundays— Point Reyes __•_ w_ar
¦utloaa.
| A»«-»^?»-*>-*JKAM?f^ H-i C 3_\0l__le_
i feiri •"¦¦* *»*\ •?!_-•»•- ?or « h* tr».Ux_pnt,>t r*rivata
t f__J_h_i__? I>!*"-s«* W«« Mrt.ih.K c Jcollitror
' *_tXS FV??3 s '-'5 '!t < «'.-««"-» - »:.i'.o^L>ii
• tTn?^*"_-.''_I*-^ s V:*-i i>*_-__«a I'hf To-to. cjreswhen
. izStCffrfSV* £ ¦ ii,pis?all rrr hn» .n.ir?cr low
1 ?*__t'»a_»_. J'nvr- ssarantret CaMbrwrtta
I Oi-J.k* «JtB«»S- Box l»37.8oayi_2_!_co
lif Gall $1.00 usr Yea?
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
Steamers I tar* Broadway
iw^ wharf, San Francisco:
Tflja Kor Alaskan Port*— 11 a.
SfftiSRf^V m -. August 2*. 2*>, Sept. .1
t?»>Vta^SSk Chance to company's jteam-
H*b35v*« er * at Seattle.
KTOcSQ *i i i For Vietnrl*. Vancouver
(B. C>. Pert Tow-iMnd. Se-
• attic. Tacoma. Everett, Ara- |
cortes and New Whatcom j
CWanh.)— 11 ». rr... Aumi«t ,
24. ?9. Sept. 8. and every fifth <lay thereafter
Chans* at Seattle to thl» company'* steamers .
for Alaska and G. N. R'y: at Seattle or Ta- j
coma to X. P. R'y; at Vancouver to C. P. R'y. i
For Eureka, Humboldt Btty— 2 p. m., Auicxut i
J8. SI, Sept. S, and every fifth rtar thereafter.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey, S*n Simeon. Cayu-
co*. Port Harford (fan Luis Oblspo). Oaviota.
Santa Barbara. Ventura, Huencme. San Pedro.
East San Pedro (Lo» An«reles> end Newport— 9
a. re., August^23. 27. II. Sept. «. aad every
fourth day thereafter.
For San TMeso. stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San t.ul.« Obirpo). Santa Barbara. Port
Log Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles) — 11
a. m.. AuRUst 20, 19. Sept. 2, and every fourth
day thereafter.
For En*en«da. Mairdalena Bay. San Jos* de! |
Cabo, Masatlan. AltRta. La Pax. Santa Rosa- i
lia and Ouaymae (Mexico)— 10 a. m., 7th or I
each, month.
For further Information obtain company's !
folders.
The company reserves the risht to change |
steamer*, sailing dates and hourm of aalllnir j
withnu* nr»viou» notice. ¦
TICKET OFFICE—* New Montgomery i
.street (Palact Hotel).
GOOD ALL. PERKINS A CO.. Oen. Agents.
10 Market ot- San Francisco.
THf P. "Ck ?j . rr >.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTL A TvjlD
From Sr^ar-street Wharf at 11 A. M.
FA DC i<2 First Class u-iirtg Berth j
4 n $8 Second Clos» --> i Meals.
STATE OF CALIFORNIA sa«l»
Ausnj't I 1
COLUMBIA ?allJ Ai'TO't 26. Sept. S
Short line to Walla Walla. Spokane. Bat!*
Helena and all points In the Northwest
Through ticket* to all points Ka*t.
• E. C. WARD. Gen-ral Acent. *
630 JIarJc't st
COODALL, PERKINS « CO.,
Superintendents. •
TOYO RISEN KAMA/
-, —
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COT!- I
ner First *r.d Ilrannan streets, at 1 p. nv. !
for YOKOHAMA and HO.VIKCN'O. cal'tng nt
Koba fH'.oicn). Naca«akl nnd S^.-insrtia!. an<1
••onnectlnjc at Hop»;kon»; with steamers fnr In- .
dla. etc.. No rarto received on board on day J
SS. 3 HONGKONG MARC
Wedn<?»<Jay. Ausruat 29. 1*>1 I
.S3. NIPPON MARU
Saturday, September 25. l»0 .
RS. AMERICA MARU:. Wednesday. Oct. 17. IMo |
Via Honolulu. :
Roand-tri? tickets at reduced rates. For j
freight and passage apply at company's offlce. j
421 Market street, corner of First.
XV. H. AVERT. Oenoral Airent.
AMFRJCAN LINE.
(T-r» t- r • » or "(•-•. •»--•«•» f" vlv '1 ?»tTK '
Stopping Bt Cherbourir. westbound.
Fr-"m New York Kverv Wednesday. 10 a. m.
Kt. Taul ....Pept. 5|Pt. Paul Sept. « I
St. Louis Sept. 1! St. Louis Oct. S ¦
>Jew Torfc Sept. 19! New York Oct. 10 :
BED STA^» UNP. ¦
New York nd Antwern.
From New York Ever* Wednesday, 12 noon. ;
Pouthwark Sept. 5[ Noor«JJan<J Sept. 25
Westerniand ...S»pt. 12| Frlesland Oct.
Kensington Sept. 13 Southward Oct. 10 j
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO.,
30 Montgomery Street.
•J0MPAGHI1! eSKTBAf/t T^/ySATLANTIQDE.
DrUECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. «C;
Salllns; everj' Thursday, lnste-ii nf *"• ¦ • ' i
Saturday, from November 3, \i>9. at
10 a. m.. from Pl«r 4?. North River, foot of !
MortoT! wtrret. LA TOITRAINE. August 3 1 ); i
1/ \QIMTAINF:. Sept. 6: LA BRKTAGXK. j
Se;\ »: LA TORRAINE..S»pt. 39. First cla*.
to Havre. JS2 V> and upward. Second class to j
Havre !.". s>r.<l upward: 5 rer cent rerlij^tlon on i
muH tri-. AOBXCT FOR )
T'N'ITFO STATES and CANADA. 3? P.rnar!w:»v |
iHti<1«on hu!M(nr>. New York. J. V. FUOAZ1 ¦
Ar CO.. Pncl' 1 '' Affents. r. Montsomerv j
(•vVnV. Sr>"*T"ranrisco.
rtiCKAXIC fi. S. CO.-noXOT.TTI.U. APIA
S K MATUPOSA rvin Honolulu) to New ,
'/.fnlffnA iir.il .«u«tntl|n Wed.. R«fft 5. S p. m
S S AtjaTRAT.T < fTT-nn'nto »-.nlv)
" Werf-ejKjay, Sept. 13, 5 p. m. j
. 0. $P«ECKClSiE:.CS.CO..Ar,Js.. '•? r/aatcomen !
,^a».1 ?•>?.*^fl*"..*.* * "-* "'"¦•¦•«rr» j
BAY AND KIVER STEAMERS.
FOR IKS. RAYY YARD AND YALLEJQ.
Steamer "Monticello."
MON.. Tues.. Wed.. Tfcur-. nr.d Sat. at »:»j
a. Iti., 3:15. S;30 p. m. (ex. Thurs. nisht): Fri-
day.". I i>. m. and t;30; Sundays. 10:30 a. m.. S
p. hl Landing and nfflr-*. Mtssltn-street Dock, i
P'ej- N'r>. 2. Telephone Main liOS.
FARF. : *nr ;
'_ ¦ ¦ " ¦ ¦ i
RATT/ROAI* TBAVEL.
¦ SANTA -,FE ROUTE
TRAINS.
ttAKry^.T-STREKT FERRY.
Lcava: Oranund: Dally for Chlca-I Arriv*:
K9. Kansas . City. Denver
an<? all Eastern points,
gj Haso. City of Mex-
ico, freaeott and Phoe-
ai*. Arix.. Hakersfleld.
t a. m. Vt»nlta, Tulare. Han- • p. ou
• tord, Fresnu. Merced.
Stockton. Antloch. Stand-
ard and Touriat Sleep-
er» to Chleairo. Ulnlns
car be- ween Stockton
I and Uakrr*fl«ld.
Stockton Loral: For ganf
4:10p.m. Pablo. Finale, llulr. lUyillrOT.a.m.
Pclnt. Cornwall. Antt-i
c«*b and J-"! nek ton. |
Uak»r!>f!eia L-.ciU: For h«r.;
IfaMe. Pino!*. Mnlr. Kayi
l'cirt. Cornwall. Antl-|
» p. m. cch SuwVri'n. Merted.j <• ». m
Va. TKlar* eml ' Baker*-]
MOUNT .TAMALPAH SOBNIO RAILWAY
Leave San Franclaco via Sausallto Ferry:
WEEK DAYS... .9:30 a. m.. IMS and 5:13 p. m.
SUNDAYS 8, ». 10. 11 a. m.. -1:30. 1:30 p m.
Fare San Francisco to Bumralt and return. $1 40.
NEW TAVERN OF TAMALI'AlS NOW OPEN.
OCEAN TBAVZL.
!T_rFriends mid acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
'Monday), at 9 o'clock? from her late resi-
dence. 1C1S Lacuna street, thence to St.
Mary's Cathedral, Van Ness avenue, where
a requiem mass will be celebrated for the re-
pope of her soul, commencing at 8:30 o'clock.
Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
PPILLANK — A r€-'i_iem mass will be celebrated
to-morrow (Tuesday), at 9 o'clock, at St.
Slarv's (Paultst), for the re:>ose of the soul
of Mary C. Splllane. Friends are Invited.
STEVENS— In this city. August 23. 1900. Georg?
B.. beloved son of Samuel S. and Mary D.
Stevens, and brother of Samuel S. Jr., Bessie
H.. Uelie J.. Joe S., Bertha M.. Jennie K. and
Ivy N. Stevens, a native of 1'oir.t Arena, Cal.,
aired IS years 4 months and 23 days.
WHEELER— Died at Los Gatos. Cal.. August
26. 1800, Charles Carroll Whee'.er. a native of
Watervlllp, Maine, nged 03 years. (Santa
Barbara paper. )<iease cony.)
tt_TN'etice of funeral hereafter.
C_TFrleiids are Invited to attend funeral thin
day (Monday), at 12 o'clock, from his late
residence. 1-13't Ft. Charles street, Alameda,
thence to Odd Fellows' Cemetery, San Fran-
cisco, via 1 o'clock creek boat, arriving at
ferry Klip, Pan Francises 1:C> o'clock.
LOEnrUNG— In this city. August 2«, 19C0, Har-
old Bernard, beloved son of John Joseph and
Mary Agnes Loebblng, and grandson of Mrs.
A. McKce. a native of San Francisco, aged
1 month and 3 days.
MAHONEY— In this city, Aufrust -3, 1900. Annie
Itoche. beloved wife of David I. Mahoney, and
daughter of the late Thomas and Mary Roche,
a native of San- Francisco.
(CTTlemalns at funeral parlors of James Mc-
MamiK. R44 Castro street, Oakland. Interment
Grass Valley, Cnl.
KLEIN— I'r.terr-d Into rest, in Alameda. August
_i). lSOO. Mark, beloved huehand of Oemence
Klein, and father of Mru. F. Ephraim, Mrs.
Ix-on I>vy and Lucian W. Klein, a native of
France, aeed 66 years 6 months and 17 day..
C-TKotlc. of funeral hereafter.
HENCKEL— In this city. August 25. 1900, Henry
E. <;.. infant son of Einer H. and Henrietta
Henckel. and brother, of Arilla Henckel, a
native at San Francisco, aged 7 days.
HOLCO.MU— In this city." AuRU«t 26. 1W0. Helen
Mary Holcomb. beloved wife cf Asa Holcomb.
and mother or Hujro Holcomb, a native of
Portupal, ag^ed 2" years.
JTDY— !n Fresno, Cal., August 15. ,1<K>O, O. M.
Judy, beloved husband of Henrietta Judy, and
father of Edra May Judy, a native of Kan-
sas, r.sui 44 years. A member of Dinuba
Lo.i_e No. 3S1. I. O. O. F-
RENNET— In this city, August 26, 1900, Patrick
Kenney. beloved husband of the late Delia
Kenney; and -brother of Michael, Martin and
Owen Kenney, Mrs. I*. Lcftue and Mrs. R.
Murray, a native of County Galway, Ireland,
a yed 2S. year*.
(TXFriends and acquaintances are re-n*ct-
fully Invited to attend the funeral servtce*
thls day (Monday), at 11 o'clock, at her late
residence. ]216 Ciolden Gate avenue. Inter-
ment private.
HEATOX— In Oakland. Autrun 26. 1900. Warren
V. HeaU.n, a native of O.hio, aged 75 years.
tt_T Funeral service to be h<'ld In the chapel
of Cypre-S I^awn Cemetery to-morrow (Tues-
day), at 12 o'clock. Interment private.
HALEY— In this city. August 24. 1P0Q. Adeline
S., widow of the l?te John J. Haley, and
mother of Charles M. Hal»y, and grandmother
of Justice tf. Haley, and only sister of Mrs.
Harriet O. Onslinft, a native of New London,
Conn., aged sr. years 2 months and 22 days.
C5*The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 9 o'clock, from St. Mary's
Cathedral, where a requiem mass will be cel-
ebrated for the repose of her soul, comraen-
cir.R at the above hour. Friends are respect-
fully invited to atteruj. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery-
DAWEOK— In this city. August 26. 190O. Alice
Adeline, dearly beloved daughter of John and
Mary Dawpon. and sister of Emma, Grover,
Ambrose. Josephine and Edward I>awson, a
native of San Franci?co. used 2 years 4
months and 6 days.
EYRE— In Parts, July IS. ir<00, Mary Tutt
Parry, relict of the late Colonel E. K. Eyre.
BBCKHL"SOX-ln this city, August -6. 1S0O,
Francis Leontine. beloved daughter of F. W.
and Kat» Beckhusin, and sister of Mrs. C
A. Gwynn. Augusta and Letltlu Beckhut=on.
a native of England, aged 22 years 5 months
and 2 days. .
BKLLISLE— In this city. Aujrust "6. 1900, Mose
r.plllsle. beloved husband of Dora Relllsle.
and father of FYank.- l_mlly and Leo Belllale,
a native ut Joluet, Canada, aped 53 years.
DALY— In this city. August 25, 1900, at her
residence, 1413 Iliush street. Catherine Daly,
a native of Ireland, nged 79 years.
DIED.
P.eckhuson. Francis L. Judy. O. M.
Hflllsle, Moeo ¦' Kenney. Patrick
Daly. Catherine Klein. Mark
Dawson. Alice A. Loebbinie, Harold B.
Eyre, Mary T. P. Mnhoney. Annie R.
Haley. Adeline S. Spillane, Mary C.
Heaton, Warren D. Stevens. George P..
Henckel. Henry E. G. Wheeler. Charles C.
Holcomb. Helen M.
BOEK.
PULTON— In this city, August l\ 1300, to the
wife of J. R. Fulton, a son.
Birth, mnrrlage and death notices sent by
mail will net be inserted. They mu?t be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
son* authorized to have the fame published.
firih;—¥arriages— deaths.
To Alexander Woodroff. McDonald, late of
Oar.ipprdcwn. near Sydney, in the Colony of
New South Wales, laborer: TAKE NOTICE
that the Faid Blanche Mabel McDonald has
commenced ,i suit against you In this Honor-
able Onirt and is applying for a dissolution
of marriage on the wound? that you have
without J_*t cause or excuse willfully deserted
her. nr.d without any such cause or excuse
left her continuously deserted during three
ypars and upwards. AND TAKE NOTICE that
you are required to enter an appearance to
the said suit at the proper office of this Hon-
orable Court on or before the first da.y of No-
vember, one thousand nine hundred, and in
the event of your not dclnc so within the time
limited or obtaining further time, the peti-
tioner will proceed and the suit be heard and
ileterniined. your abaenoe notwithstanding. A
copy of the petition filed herein may be had
on application tn the undersigned free of
charge. Dated thiB eiRhte-pnth day of July.
A. D. 1000. KING & PCHRADER. policitors
t'.r tho petitioner. tC3 Pitt ?tr«et, Sydney, New
South Wales. For the Registrar: John Geo.
Loary <L. C). Chief Clerk.
LKGAL ADVEKTISDMENTS.
IN the Supreme Court of Now South Wales. In
divorce. Between BLANCHE MABEL. MC-
DONALD (formerly LSIanche Mabel Donohoe).
pt-titioner. and ALKXANDEIl WOODROFF
McUOXALD, respondent. /
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDE-CD Notice— Dividend No. 10S (50c per
share) of the Oceanic Steamship Company
will be payable at the office of the company,
327 Market st.. nn and after Saturday. Sep-
tember 1. ISO"). Transfer books close on Sat-
urday. August 25. 1300. at 1? m.
K. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The AVeekly Call,
1C pases, in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
U.M> tenants ejected for |4; collection- made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO..
413 SIontKomery et., rooms 9-10: tel. 55S0.
1MU&VIBERS I
OF THE *
BENEFICENGIA PUBLIGA j
m j
City of Mexico - - August 23, 1900. \
No. Prlze.|No. Prlze.|No. Prlie. 7
277 20 314 20 345 29 7
530 20 «97 20 94S ?) 7
974 20 976.' 20| 1193 20 7
1550 20 1655 20 1768........ <0 7
1803 20 2307 20 2591 40 7
2724 40 2779 20 2>61 40 7
2973 500 3068 20 S297 20 7
3300 20 3417 40 3447 W ! 7
3454 20 3439 4'J 2651 100 ' 7
37S. 40 3S00 4J ?3-«4 »> I 7
S<»33 100 4070 20 4113 20 7
4164 20 4303 2014429 20 7
4454 20 45U1 49 4601 -<*» ! 7
4U13 4(1 4772.. 4-}|5U24 »> 7
5UCS 20 5092; -Oj 5_06 \. 4-J j 7
5227 20 5328 40 5118 2<i j 7
6194 40 6381. 20 3S45 20 I 7
&C51 20 5633 40 1 5664 20 j 7
6702-, .. 40 5797 -t'j M04 20 , 7
6S1S 1000 5S1& 4U| uSJS 40 | 7
6060 100 6145 20! 6IS0 -0(7
6323 20 6570 100J 6653 20 7
6757 20 6S68 2ii| U»U5 5M 7
«936 40 7112 20| 7117 20 7
72C9 4i 7.77 201 7^02 300 7
7343 20 7-74 20 [ 7BU9 *>
7630 40 7665 _0| 7-9C 40 j
77iiS 20 791J 201 8044 20 i
8110 40 8UG Li): 8225........ 20 I t
8360 20 Sill <«! SJ02 20 T
s>C-o uxii S'ju.1 4 >| sris ao l
S73S 100-372 »| 9000 20 t
JC9Z r20 0160 KK) S»242 20 r
D.65 200 S2SS 40 S480 20
9301 20 93«4 _0 !'G32 4-) c
$K,i 20 fld-19 40 3732 20 j
, S>774 20 SS2:< 200 t)S9J 40
1 9901 40|lG-ll 20 10340 _<W
_05_a lOUjWJ'Jl 20 1071S -")
107.6 40 M7SI 20|105SS 4t» 1
1117. 20 IUS6 20 11-31 « «
11S02 4,l|n4O- 40!ll483 l'J»
U6S9 40 117S1 2O!11MO 20 1
11900 40 12053 200-liOSO 4u J
121-S 100 1.291 20jl_-00 20
12tr,S lf.t)!l_!74. .._.... _0|:.438 20
i-i71 _ull.-;01 401 12630 20 •
127..' 40ji_S-S 4n;i31SB 2v?
i;r:,7 '40 12-43 4a!'.340S 200 I »
IC.-.ir, _0 13524 4OJ1K_3 -0 I
, 1C6S7 -OOGS -0,14044. 40 5
141-:.-, 2014239 .0^4323 «,^
I 144S6 600<M.»!H">«- 40;14733 4') j
14814 40 14S50 21!1««69 40 | •
H9i2 100 15013 loopy.! 10-) \\
15125 20 15294 20^9 200 i -
1531? 40 15392 40 154.5 3) j
1.1565 100 13SS3 .4;)j:S-03 20 .
15S4i 20iBO'J7.. .("I161-3 S) I
16L'0S -0 16332 20 16(13 40 j
16382.;. 10 18412 40 16030 »'
166X4 40 17004 20 171G0 50t j
171SB 40 17231 20;i7272 *) .
17306 20 17.1.9 20J1735S 10-) |
17497 100 175W ?.iil7V*8 2» i
1767- 4»!l7777 4a 18053" » ;
lgr.«8. 40 1S172 20 183VJ 20,
1835S... 20 IS 469 20JIS543 20 |
1SC33 200 18732...- 20IJS7-8 »i
18772 48<1SS?. 20118323 -0
Wj$2 4rt 19013 10OUM30 10> j
19132 _Cil!>tll 20il315- ?) ¦
i-2oi .- 40 msai ioo im»>:> -i ;
19713 40il?903. ....... « 18931: 20;
1&997 40'20013 40|2OJ0- 4J t
20.65 20020594 20120433 500
20340 * 40208.13 100i20«40 20
120722 2.>!20774 100 20310 SW
I 201-55 _0!_10_3 10>> 21126 .... 28
21335.;.' .0121343 10O 213S1 *» |
21337 10 21554 500 21336 4. 1
21i?4... -0i«7S7 20 .1S08 »
2192- 20 221-2 .J 2227* JO
22*ag '.. 40 ._3ls6 20000 227S9 40
22967.... 40 23232 20 2S2G5 .100
.5300 20 .3384 10 23747 40
23319.. 20 2T9I8 4!»;.40t7 20
124023 20 2408) £0134233 100
24311 200 2430S .0]2i64i) 40
24W 20 25003 45;iV)l. 100
2."121.. ...... 40 2r>3S9 SO! 35.7)9 20
23377........ 100]256l6 «0 2.V569 40
237W 20J2S3&1 20 _«>__ 100
26093 20l»i;234... 40 2634J 40
26484. 20J26S03 40 2S3.M 20
2ES97 100 2BB17 20 .65S6 40
2C744 20M7r.3 100 26900 20
27090 20-7W... 40?7-0l 40
27219 20I-72-7 100 S73OS W
27342 20J27334 100 27408 41
274S7 40!27<<- SO 2754S 4-)
277S1 4OI27S7T 20 27941 40
27057 ICO'.SW; 40 2S414 l 2) j
3475 100!?S"-t6 20:8S49 20!
28SS4 4OI2S9JS 40 29-118 20
2P-}:>g 20|2!>rt44...- 200)29173 40
291K3 40J29220 20'29280 20
4M.93S 1 ? 100129S62 40
300.S 2n!_ni65 100!M?M 20
3030« 40i3n_l<I 20130373 20
30420 20130657 20130672 20 t
30KIO 40I3H8SO 2-1 3X267 20 i
31S.5 100|31408 2O3H:J 20!
31481 20fl!2151- » 3135- 10 i
31.%36 2031724 10 31827 -0
31S50 1OO;S1S55 100 32018 40
32024 20132037 20 32331. 20
S236S • 40lr.2''S»..: 10O!22M2 100
32113........ •20132441 • 40I3M47 4}
3->521 Mt|32.'i49 20I.1K33 2V
32731 2.'»!.~.817 10O132SS 20-
32?73..r .0133027 20133201 40
33431 2033539 _n:.C!S74 43
33Cr.3 40137878 40 l 33S'l3 100
33973 20I3C9J1 2fl!3410_ 21 J
34138 Mi342S < » 10MUZS1 2) !
34373 40|24429 40|34434 100 1
34615 40 34838 4)134839 40 j
34923..' 20135031 lOOilVC. 4'l
36336 20i_1717 4<l|».V)-3 40 ;
! 26037 20!2«Hr> .... 4P;3*;-O7 30 I
Z6TS6 20!3fl_?4 _n|W«t 100
?C472 -O'S65-.'i... v .... 2O|3f.j;S 20]
3S6?3 20!S6«H2 20;366S« MO i
3K711 4 n !SI>714 2ill'W37 20;
367S4 4<1!>7S7 SO 3CKS 20
36341 _0r.7tr.< 2<i;3717S 100 i
37341. 40'37:W 40137397 2-);
374-.fi 2!)i37177 2013759.? 20 i
37M2 4^137647 .013766S 20 j
37S:-9 40:37^1 40l^<tl42 41,
SS'.SO 10O 3S1S2 2OI3S244 103 j
SS4?0 40b«00....;... 2O|3SS0i> lf>0
3%%5 <i!W41 4i)!SW4!> 20,
«)ti« 105JM2S1 .VXVSM17 20 1
33.Vi5 -0l.r>«70 40t3?SS| 20 j
3979S 20IJ9S12 4n|3?K»0 20
40002 20141043 20(40164 40
40201 40140255 20141275; 40
403.-.1 20i4<M9* r^V)i40554 40 j
40669 200i 10875...- 40(40950 4'> ,
4i01S 40I41037 100 41066 20
411flS 41|il2GS 100 41372 40
4140S 2OJ4J41S 100 41430 20
41611 20 4163S 20141824 40
41S84.. 20142001 20|42104 100
42228........ 4014247? VMQ 4.6S0 20
4>',S6 -Ol4>TSfl 100 42721 40
42S76 100l4?r>51 20143204 40
43-44 . 2Ol4S.')PS 2O|13fi19 20
4r.C20 2OI4S«3»........ -*|437.V, j 40
42839 100143972........ 2O.'44012 SO
4412T. 20144153 40144191 40
4»:<>U 20I4JIS3 _n!41500 40
44P1S 2O|44.'i_1 100]44S^3 40 |
44680 20144756 • Ml 4-1783 2ft ¦
448*2 4OI41S54 2OI44SS1 20 I
43054 2.H43-.7S 2)!4537'5 2H i
4—.71 201 »r.532 ZO!45%7 JO
,t-t;S1 10O'4r,925 9,)HB iOS 201 I
4~0^7" [ I • IOOUR-TiO :. 4>>!4B'*3i 2>j
4r,2SC 30l«"P'> _^Ol4«-.r»7 4> I
WH 4'!|4«K»n 2ft'47'~.<!S TO '
47nr,S mf)l470K8 4"! ! ir!ft.1 40 !
47203.. r^'4 r 2->3 .VWl! t"'!13 .... ]"0
474^8 .;4.V47K?1 4V«-fTS5 4» •
47C61 2C!477.'9 2fl!47731 40.
47747. 21l{7^1 1(>0!4W1t 40 I
4S177" .. -,20l4Si?2 r/mUS'fil Jl 1
4S?B« 2OUS1". 21!4'15t 20 !
W,1 2<i!4*7t < ! inl4S75n 41 I
4S7O.-,'" 41|4'?Tf> 40l.««.<W i >." 41!
4S3n-vi; _o!«sT.«i routaw _m i
.f> lj 1?"? f V| !t''T > S 100 :
.1777 ". ]ril/''ni 41!-",'W... Jl
4->(io,-.i. ...... 411 -»r « 4W4'*Tt-.v; r> :
i)>S7r. " .. . •o!i ! )' i k% *i | ".T>rta, ....... 21
vv>!!)"!!..!. a^ir.-^- f jM-wrri .«; ; yo '.
j -jrni'iii ' r0 '~VV\ »-.!-,n.- ?
.-o<!2i loMiixi' *»••?*;<"» r>o-
\-\e<$ .. 2 -11 "> 1 "fl'1 JftOl'i'k*) 411
MO"!'"'!!!.. V\'.".T* 4'"l'.1<42 20 i
kifs?!!! !'."... ?¦>'-.'¦';!» r».'.vT}« 41-
sirui i_A|snr.fi "o'r.'i-s - - po ¦
K21SI iori!-r>*4 n'S'S'S I T 1 )
r,2«0l pA-,^7 ]'r-,«nq ,' 4,.
Viwi; 2ft'W*(Jfl W.-.W3 {I
\'rm-n '""... tf'-V* 1 <;.;:«;.. 2 ( >!n's)i2 20
I r.-j^' 2.11-,'<141 4 / >T.t14t 4"» '
• V174 *!lR«"V.s ,. <^ | -t"Bl 21
• -.->(.,• j pn^'-i*'!'? *>(34"92 IM
., wtfci!!!!!!.'! 411-itn *»''4r.i.v. _o
I 'jrrjf 100!S**>4.'.. .".'.'.¦; »-'>'-.tqi i » 2> •
. 4"?7^ ""!"! i^rrw. lwisiy* 2~i
wso'i!!!!" -rt'-.i-^n :. 4'»i-.'". 41
¦'.r.f.O ..... " r '"' r "'.. ' fo'ssnw ?o
! r.T^t! 40: r .T?-.!l 41!.V,<r? 2V
R^S71" " .. 4^S3'>48 4n|3*M9 Mi
S525«!*!! 41l r ,RT>2 V>\r,e.l?tK ?fl
-.BM9 '." S-T 1 '-^-'-' ?'i!% l 5-,79 , 3">
Msso!!!!.... nwvs •noi^',-,j n'
SfSTR- .... 4' > l'.'i* < tt.. fOC^An %)
1 "nn.'. .... 4^157*4^ n\:-r4 4)
¦I _-t1<5 2^157."! ?OIS7'!4-. 4>
. -,774^ 1MIS77S" _olr.-TT< W •
¦I -,77V.' .. S°IS787(5 rns-Ti-n. 4i ;
-,•51.71 .... 20!3STI4.. 20!Sm« ?fl
ES'lV 40l.VT.27 4ilr.^i4 J»
r,S7sn"" .. .oi.-.stiM. :..;... rn!.iTV!2 *n '.
K9TS' o"ir.tfin7 y>i.w>«i.. ...... ?r» !
- «!«»•;« :¦*;'] 2'1 | '9:4': 40I5O277 1W •
'.9W"-'". . 4-H3'»4'n.V 4-UVH13 21:
I -ni'vt"" .... _«i.v>s74 ?oi; < )734 im ;
I -97(55 ' ir.o!-vns ,. til:, .< -. <m ;
I finw""!... S«"V>«|-;........ 20ifirt^TT 2f> i
, gn-;^ .. lo'fiiVTI .... 2n'«ifii4... l_?>
Q07Sl»' .... -.1l<W19fl 1(M
eOfififl;..:.... 2f'«09Ri 20JSU47 Vi
61?S7 .... 4^^14'V! ;_nlB14.V>... 20
f.i'^Ui .... 2"I*1W4 "0lfi«7r: .-s. lftO
' c,i~-,<; ..¦' W*iv*i _nl6!«1. 4">
! Ki'i')"' '•" .;. looi^iw.. iwa'»*, : i 41
I c^sJi" '!...; 4 / > | "' M *>........ SMiZitt 4i
I F341V....A. -100l«?34? 4 r . | «'!7SO 4<>
1 c"sr.9 . '. _n!t-n''»........ in.T«um *» I
• ' P">in ' ; «nl«4'W»9 10OO'642n7.. JO
' i C,hv>' ¦¦ fH'W**-. 4 n '?SS4O »1 I
! M744 !!...•.'.. 'in'M™ ?n>«47(U 90 J
¦ fv mi ..... fV «' r D -ni<;-.2js.. »o s
¦ fiVW?' . ?< 1 t'»- 4< ! T ... •.4VW7'»..;;..:. 41 i
(tn«t'y>'*-^v"!:I 40i<?r.mn .... WB7T7;:". .,•.;.-* yv»
g^fjjr -,-• ?ni«.-,<tRO ?O!«:n->s; *»"»
6M4(?!: ' 40tM<-M W!(-=132..,...,. 2.1
' RR131 ;.., 20l«fi143..; 2ft!«filSS Ji
. fiP2T9 ....... 2O1l«_H3.. ...... -1I0MW 41
C«?"7 ....... -80KB407....- lOOlMiSI....'...: inn
, BIU54 :.. 2n:<W«24 ...' 2<1!8«719.... »
66^9........ _Alfii5f»5« 200W129 V>
• CT291.. ...... l«»;6740'5 ¦>. 20|«7359.. '......
1 673.0........ 100167311 ..- 10016S131 2D
SPECIAL NOTICES.
ROOMS papered from $2 50: whitened. $1 up;
painting: done. Hartman Paint Co., 319 Third.
Nos. 5S18. 193:9. G4209, 7.1.V.S ar.d 76.410 draw
»-ach SlOiK), rold In OalveFton, Tex. ; Sidney. O. :
Chicago, 111.; IncIIanaDoil«. Ind.: New York,
X. T. DR. GREGORIO ORIVE.
For the Treasury Department.
IT. HASSETTI. Mnnajr-r.
AFOLIXAlt CASTILLO.
Intervenor.
Xo. 43479 drawn third capital prize of $10,001,
sold In San Francisco, Cal., Santa Ana, Sal-
vador.
No. 1VS8 drav.-s first capital prise of $>;0,000.
solfl In Hoii-ton. Tt-s. ; St. Loui?. Mo.
No. 22T>S8 draws second capital prize o' $3J.03n,
sold in New York, N. Y. : San Fiancisco. Cal.
Suven hundred and ninety-nine numbers end-
ing with 8<S, t»»in- the. last two fljrurea of the
number drawing the capital prize of $20.000— $20.
Seven hundred and ninety-nine numbers end*
lnr with $3. being the !a*t two flfrures of the
number drawing the capital prize of JS3.0OO — $20.
TERMINAL PRIZES
One hundred number? from 22ii3fi to --6C6. in-
clunlve, belnc 60 numbers on each si'lo of the
number drawing the capital prize of $29,000— %Vi.
One hundred numbers from 4249 to 42329. In-
clusive, beirR _0 numbers on each sidn of the
number drawing capital prize of JtJ.frjO — $10.
One hundred, numbers from 1443S to 14^36. in-
clusive, beine 30 numbers on each sld«» of tho
number drawing capital prize of $sr>.0tO— $60.
APPROXIMATION PRIZES
No. Prlze.lNo. Prlre.lNo. Prtie.
68191 200'«8_92 20 63299 40
68318 40 6S323 40 68350 40
6S564 20I6S780 20 8S906 »
68S24 40 6S93S 20 5S97i M
69017 20 89211 20 69342 20
63358 - 49S9339 «!6S345 20
70063 ; 20 70275 -OJ703S8 2)
7a517 40 70518 1QOO;70812 100
70963 20 71078 4O|7125S 20
71422 20 71DC5 40171635 20
71632 40 71797 20 72061 20
72."vtO JO 72536 2o!72-82.. *J
72S24 40 72837 20|72349 43
73001 20 73015 20173134 100
73133t 40 73220 _0!734>?2 20
734C6 20 735S2 20J7S773 S>
73SC8 20 73*10 20173913 100
7S0.-.3 20 7426.> 20!74395 *»
74571 100 74774 20 748S3 »
7523C 20173237 4n|73276 20
75297 _0|733ir> «0|73323 40
7542T 1il73!C- 4«1 T35 JS. tJ
73367 10073682 20173735.. 20
73?44 20i75S6t 20J73SS9 4»
7S11S _0l76155 V»|781S« KO
75226 20 '7633* 2 I 1'764'VB _3
76410 lC0n|76T.f4 4r)'7Sr.59 -•>
76702 20|75793 i 20,76812 2 1 )
77044 40177093 4O17727S «
7735S 2O177S14 40I77M8 20
779M 20I7S165 4OITST7I') ffl
7S440 _0i7S»r»6 20!7S52S 20
7ST^3 20I7S5S5 4a!7S634.. *0
TSnO) ' _0;7S791 40i7W.11 40
7SU0..: 10OI791-0 4:ti7S137 40
79139 2U!7»1^1 100:79396.: «
7&3C3 40J79371 100|
UNITED UNDERTAKtRS,
r and 23 Fifth st. Tel. South 1S7.
ICNEHAL _IRECT0R3 AND ...iLA_ n-lli.
Finest Equipment at Sloderate Rates.Swiss Rifle Club Shoot.
At the Swiss Rifle Club ranges a t Har
bor View the following won medals yes
terday: -Championlclass, A. Gehret. 423;
first class, A. von Wye, 391; second class
P. Croce, 367; third clais. JoejSrrer 34?"
NURSE SIMPSON PUTS •
UP A STRONG DEFENSE
She Claims Mrs. La Roche Was In
debted to Her and Gave Her
the Jewelry.
flUsa Mae Simpson, the nurse who is ac
cused of stealing the diamonds and other
jewelry that belonged to the late Mrs
Jeanne Ney.la Roche, made a statement
to Captain Seymour yesterday. She said
Mrs. la Roche was indebted to her for
™?£l y a4 l v t nc J . ed . for services a
nurre. and had given her the 1ew»lrv
fw™ f he , neased Garret Mc-
Enerney to defend her when the case is
?n£ '^'"J^se Cabanas' court this morn
yesterday . y • " sed tO be s<?en
?iS ep V ty oroner p - J- McCormick denies
hah!t t of eme , n i, that »,!? c has be « n «" the
habit of visiting Miss Simpson's room
fMn^S'E 163 a week ' He does n «t deny vis
iting the nurse on official business. Mr.
Ormlck *? «julte ii:dienant over the
connecting of his name with the case in
other than an official manner. v " c /-**" "f
FILLED with the glee of careless childhood, Elmer Locke, aged 8 years
residing with his widowed mother at SoS 1^ Folsom street, was disport
ing himself with his favorite playmate, a Det dog, late yesterday af
ternoon when an electric car bore down upon him and Inflicted Injuries
that will likely prove fatal. Usually dogs are wary and exercising the won
derful agility possessed by them escape all threatened onslaughts from ve
hicles. In this case, however, the devoted canine went to death beside Its
little master. The child called and the little one's dumb playmate ran to
his side, as if feeling that the boy needed protection from the electrically
propelled monster that was about to grind him to death.
Several of Elmer's playmates, seeing the car approaching at a lively
rate of speed, shouted to the unfortunate boy to "look out," but too late
to save him from being mangled.
Elmer was picked up In a semi-conscious condition and Immediately re
moved to the Receiving Hospital. An examination by Drs. Dray and Irones
revealed tho fact that the little fellow's skull was fractured and his right
leg mangled to such an extent that it was found necessary to amputate It.
At a late hour last night the doctors entertained little hope for the child's
recovery.
It was shortly after 5 o'clock that th© unfortunate boy left his home to
take his dog "for a walk." as he expressed it. After performing several
tricks to the delight of Its youthful master, the canine started to cross Fol
som street between Fourth and Fifth. Elmer, after vainly endeavoring 1 to
call the dog to him. started after it According to several eye-witnesses, he
walked to the middle of the street and stood on the car track, as If deliber
ating whether to continue the pursuit or not. Just then car 1014. which was
In charge of Dennis Flynn, came rumbling along at a lively rate of speed
Realizing that an accident was inevitable, the motorman applied brake af
ter reversing the current, but too late to save the lad from being injured
Th© dog. which had returned to Its master Just as the car struck him ran
afoul of the fender and was killed. '
A sad scene was witnessed when Mrs. Locke visited the Receiving Hospital
to see her mangled offspring. On learning that he was fatally Injured she
uttered a piercing scream and sank into a chair in a state of collapse
Through the ministration of Mrs. Swett. the kind-hearted matron of the
hospital, she soon recovered sufficiently to see her child. After passionately
kissing him she begged the doctors to: tell her whether his injuries were fa
wilh^JS*""!* 0 "*? 011 **. 101 * that he mlsht dle she a S al « collapsed and It was
with difficulty that she was resuscitated.
Flynn, the motorman. was arrested immediately after the accident and
locked up in the City Prison. He claims/that when he first saw the boy
cSrre^t^ ll££ Sll^™* ** did not move he reversed th^
Little Elmer Locke ilangled by am Electric Car
While Devoted .Canine Playfellow Meets
With Death at Mis- Side,
Talks of Capital and I^abor.
The Socialist Labor party held its reg
ular weekly meeting last night at B'nal
B'rith Hall. E. T. Klngsley of San Jose
was the principal speaker and addressed
the club on "Capital and Its Relation to
the Working Classes. V
Operaia Society Picnic.
The annual picnic of the Society Operaia
of this city was held at Schuetzen Park
yesterday. The picnic was well attended
and the pleasant day was spent in dancing
and games. The orator of the day was G.
Calegarls; floor manager, S. D. Schivo;
assistant, G. Peirano; floor committee E.
Cehuti, A. Schivo, A. Gasparl, F. Marsini,
G. Luporini and A. Benasslnl: refreshment
committee— R. Glovannoni. W. Doth L.
DIgrazia, O. Riccomlni, R. Allegrini G
Baffigo, A. Moni. L. Brasescoi and R. To
mei: door committee— G. Lagomarsino, G.
Righito and G. Leonardini.
Edmund Williamson, an old printer, died
under peculiar circumstances early this
morning on California street and Pratt
place, a small alley above Stockton street.
Williamson resided at 816 California
street. At about 11 o'clock last night he
went to hi3 home and calling the landlady
told her that he nad fallen from a car and
had received a few bruises.
He claimed that his wounds had been
dressed in Joy's drug store on Keerny
and California streets. He showed her
a wound over the eye and another on the
head, both of which were covered with
plaster. Williams then left the landlady
and she thought that he was about to
retire.
At about 12 o'clock two well dressed
young men entered John Lackmann's gro
cery, at California street and Prospect
place, and said that an old man who had
told them he Hved in the neighborhood
was lying outside and was hurt.
Several people in the store went out to
see the man, and the two young men were
heard to remark, "We have brought him
so far and have done enough. He Is with
friends now: let them look out for him."
They then left the scene.
The man lay propped up against a gar
den fenc# and seemed to be breathln"
faintly. The Receiving Hospital was no
tified, but when the* ambulance arrived
the man was dead.
Judging fr6m remarks of the young men
it is thought that Williamson left the
house after interviewing the landlady and
had started to go downtown. His wound
was probably more serious than he at first
supposed and he suddenly collapsed
The body was removpd to the Morgue
An autopsy will probably show that the
fall from the car had resulted in a frac
ture of tho skull.
Williamson was about 55 years* of age
Mystery Surrounds Death at
Midnight of Edmund
WilliamsoD.
Taken Home in Feeble Condition, He
Wanders Out Again and Is
Found in State of
Collapse.
AGED MAN DIES
ON STREET FROM
CAUSE UNKNOWN
— <S>
were epoken very long- ago. They
were spoken to a woman— a low woman
at a well, a disreputable woman and a
Samaritan. They wens spoken by a Jew.
Now the Jews have no dealing with the
Samaritan. It would have been as peril
ous for a Samaritan to sit down to dine
with a Jew as for a black man in the
south to sit down with a white man. It
meant his death. Tho Jew who speaks
Is son of man, son of God, and at one
fell speech he breaks down all ig
tinctlon between Jews and Samaritans
the world long and earth over. Nay, he
smites all distinctions between all classes
and races the world round and the world
long.
The Salvation of God.
"That may serve as a more simple ex
position to the casual student of the
scripture I have just read, but there is
suggested to my mind some more pro
found truths which I desire to Impress
upon your mind this morning. First, if
the salvation of God is from the Samar
itan, the saivationof God is from one
one man to another man, and all men be
come the savers of men, and there are no
men saved who are not saved by some
other man.
"What a responsibility that leaves in
your doorway and mine! Xot only Is the
present generation charged with the re
sponsibility of Its own salvation, but
through itself of all generations that arc
to come, and the individual is made re
sponsible while he lives not only for part
nership—the high and holy partnership
with God in the salvation of the world—
but for a personal individual duty that
holds that individual for the salvation of
another. None are too old to be relieved
from the responsibility: none are too
young not to inherit the privilege."
God's Business; Man's Business.
Rev. Dr. Easton of Washington. D. C .
occupied the pulpit of the Westminster
Presbyterian Church yesterday morning
and preached an able sermon. He took
for his text Luke 11-49: "Wist ye not I
must be about my Father's business?"
At the outset of his discourse he an
nounced as his theme "God's Business:
Man's Best Business."
A Missionary From China. -
The Rev. Dr. Peck, a returned mission
ary from China, delivered an interesting
and stirring sermon last night at the
Richmond Congregational Church.
"To What Purpose Is This Waste?" was
the text he selected, and his address was
on the present crisis in China.
"The eyes of the civilized world are at
present centered on China." he said. "The
difrerer.t Governments are anxious for
some of the territory. The churches are
looking for places to establish their cross.
It ought to be of interest to even' one
what will become of China. Christians es
pecially. China wiir be a great factor in
the future history of the world. She has
a number of religions. The Buddhist re
ligion'has seen much persecution similar
to Christianity, but it is a dead issue. The
temples are all falling to decay and are
thinly attended. Mohammedanism was
forced on the Chinese by former rulers of
the people, and that also has a very poor
outlook. I read recently In a paper of the
lecture that Ho Yow, the Chinese Consul
gave, and his great excuse for the upris
ing is that the Christian missionaries force
religion upon the natives, whether they
want it or not. I have lived in China for
the past twenty years and have never
once seen a misisonary force religion on
any one. I was in a hospital as a physi
cian, and even there we did not talk're
ligion to the patients if they did not wish
to hear it. I also do not think that the
American press are giving the native con
verts to Christianity the credit that is
due them. I know for a fact, but I never
paw it published, that the men that hauled
that big twelve-inch gun from the English
ship Terrible, that did so much effective
work in the bombardment of Tientsin
were Christian Chinese. The young Em
peror of China was most progressive and
was anxious to have all the young men
that surrounded him well educated In
modern science. The Empress of China
on her sixtieth birthday was presented
with a beautiful bound copy of the Bible
the young Emperor read it and sent down
to the misisonary headquarters in Peking
for several more copies of the book. He
afterward read several scientific books
which no doubt opened his eyes, and it
was for his desire for reform that he was
overthrown. • ,
"When peace has been restored there will
be a grand foundation laid for great mis
sionary work In China. A person does not
nave to be ordained to go over there and
? JF 0 ,^ " wrork - There are a large number
or fields open In an educational and medi
cal Kay in connection, -with the mission."
fact the tragredy of th© nineteenth cen
tury. It Is impossible for any man to be
so blind that he cannot see God's finger
coming out of the darkness and writing
on the western sky the wonderful things
that are transpiring in Eastern Asia by
his providence? Why are we In the Orient?
Why was that day in May prophetic of
this later day in May? Why was this
earlier relation between America and Ja
pan somehow linked with this later devel
opment between America and China?
Why is it that the island empire, the Eng
land of the Pacific, stretches along our
border until now from our southernmost
possessions, she looks across upon our
newly acquired territory In the Philip
pines? Why was this conflict so held
back until America became a world power
and acknowledged as such by the great
nations of Europe? Why are we there on
the very borders of the Celestial empire
with an army trained in the arts of war
to join an army of picked men under of
ficers who command the hosts of mighty
nations?
"Oh, my friends, there is a destiny that
rules. There is a providence that never
varies. There Is no power to call America
back from this theater of activity. The
idle rumors that Germany, Russia and
Japan have decided to carry on the war
fare with China and to ask the retirement
of England and America is absurd on Its
very face. America to retire when the
cause of humanity is at stake? England
to withdraw the banner that stands for
freedom and protection because a combi
nation of nations asks it? Why, the sug
gestion shows Its absurdity.
The speaker said the bond between Eng
land and America, although unwritten. Is
an alliance of blood, an alliance of com
mon purpose, and that the nations will
never go down or out of the field of
activity. Continuing, he said:
"Any man can tell there is this trouble
in China. One man may give one reason
and another still another reason. All of
these reasons are invaluable as a part of
the erreat answer."
Missionaries Are Accused.
The speaker charged that the trouble
was due to the interference and arrogance
of power by missionaries, and he laid
stress on 'the fact that the Jesuits, who
were driven out of France, were primarily
the cause of the uprising. Hfe said that
the Chinese nation saw the nations—Rus
sia, Japan and Gefmany— grabbing Its
kingdom, and anger smouldered in the
breasts of the natives until it became a
raging volcano and finally burst, causing
death and ruin to thousands of people and
property. The speaker drew a beautiful
picture of the regeneration of China. He
gave it as his opinion that the Angel of
Peace would soon again hover over the
land, ana that that nation, whicti nas for
centuries past been' sluggish, would
awaken and the march of civilization
would pass through the land, and soon
again the missionaries would be trodding
the streets of Peking and Tientsin in
safety.
Bishop Hamilton delivered his initial
sermon In his new field vesterday morning
at the Howard M. B. Church. The dis
tinguished visitor proved a forcible talker
and impressed the large congregation
which listened to his discourse. The text
of his sermon was taken from the fourth
chapter according to St. John, and the
latter part of the twenty-second verse:
"For Salvation Is of the Jews." In part
he said:
"This Is one of the paradoxes of the New
Testament. A paradox Is a truth con
cealed or disguised in what at the time
may be doubted— may seem to be untrue;
but which time demonstrates varily to be
truth. The most widely known and widely
scattered people of the earth have been
the Jews. For this reason the Bible stu
dent has been led to exaggerate their
number and Importance to contempora
neous people. The fact is there have not
been very many Jews, and there are not
many Jews now. There are more people
in London and New York than there are
Jews In all the earth. In Russia, where
there are the most, there are scarcely
more than 4,000.000, and In Austria-Hun
gary not more than 2,000,000. According to
tho last census there were more Mormons
than Jews in this country; but the great
persecution which has pursued these peo
ple on the other side of the Atlantic has
it^Mi m \° c0 P e t0 thls country more
rapidly during tho past ten years, and I
presume that the census now being taken
will report instead of 300.000. as the num-
I'oTf^T 1 *? 1S3CJ - P°«ibly. a million and a
half, showing a most rapid Increase of
the Jewa in this country.
T,/J£™ t £? r +v, fe * a VL re connected with their
history is that they have been contempt
uously regarded. When were the Jews
gpoken— to whom and by whom? They,
Has Been Engaged at the Work
Since He Was 14 Years
of Age.
S. Bernstein, the young man who tried
to "flim-flam" Henry Wolff, manufactur
ing jeweler, 120 Sutter street, Saturday
out of four watches, was released on
bonds yesterday. Wolff admitted that he
had learned of Bernstein's intentions and
that what he gave him were gold cases
without the works. This brought the
charge down to a mlsdemanor and his
bonds were fixed in $300.
The young man has also bean swindling
cigar men by making false representations
to them. He secured 500 cigars from Lev
in & Posener, 106 Clay stre«r., an-J 1500
cigars from S. Bachman & Co.. Pine ond
Battery streets. He was identified by
Lewis Levin in the City Prison yesterday
before being released. It is probable that
the victims will swear to complaints
against him to-day.
Bernstein is only 21 years of age. but he
has been engaged in swindling business
men since he was 14. He has been arrest
ed before for the same offense, hut his
friends came to his rescue and he escaped
punishment.
BERNSTEIN HAS SWINDLED
NUMEROUS BUSINESS MEN
o fftSTTTSG Bishops and clergymen oc-
Vi It cupped the pulpits of churches of
\\y/ raar.y denominations yesterday and
Is pounded gospel truths with all the
fervor and logic of their eacred calling.
The congregations crowded the various
churches in which the visiting ministers
rreached and were repaid with excellent
eermons.
Bishops David H. Moore and John "W.
Hamilton of the Methodist Episcopal
church Fpent a very busy day. What with
receiving the handshakes and well wishes
of hundreds of friends and admirers and
preaching two sermons each, they were
fatigued. Eishop Moore, who departs on
Wednesday for the Orient, preached In
the morning at Dr. Dille's church and in
the evening charmed the congregation of
The Ceneral Methodist Episcopal Church
l>y an eloquent talk on the existing trou
bles In China. Bishop Hamilton addressed
the congregation of the Howard-street
Methodist Episcopal Church in the morn
ing, and in the evening delivered a bril
liant discour,se to the congregation of the
Simpson Memorial Church, presided over
by Rev. John Stephens.
This mornir.g the Bishops will meet the
ministers or their denomination at their
weekly meeting, and to-morrow evening
th<\v will be the pruefts of honor at a re
ception to be held in Grace Methodist
Kpiscopal Church, corner of Capp and
Twenty-first streets. On Wednesday aft
ernoon Bishop Moore will depart on the
Hongrkorg; Maru for China, where he will
take up his important work of supervising
The missiona.ries. Bishop Hamilton will
depart in a day or two for Reno, Xev., to
intend an important conference there.
Following the close of the Bession he will
attend conferences to be held In Southern
<"sul:forrJa, Arizona, Texas and New Mex
ico.
Bishop Moore preached to a large con
rrrgation in the Central Methodist Church
last night. He tvas iittinply introduced to
ifc» members of the church by his per
for.al friend. Rev. Dr. Hutsinpiller the
yiastor of the church. For nearly an 'hour
j;e held his auditors spellbound with
matchless eloquence and pplendld array of
facts regarding the troubles in the Orient
He traced their bepinninps, told of the
causes that led to them and expressed his
opinion that -when they were over China
would take her place among civilized na
tions. At the outset he said:
"Th* transition from the peace confer
rr.re at The llapu*? to the storming of
Peking by the allies might be called the
world's comedy of errors, were It not la
the count. The character of the eighteen
men appointed by Chairman Bouvier was
altogether too high to suit the push for
it was an assurance that their crooked
w 'ork would not be able to pass muster
The returning board is a unit in its de
termination not to issue credentials to
any of the delegates the returns of the
election of whom have not come to the
board s hands.
Even where there is no contest they will
refuse to issue credentials, as thev have
no legal information of the election of
delegates, unless returns were made to
them. Credentials will be Issued to-nig-h:
to all the delegates of whose election* the
board has evidence In the way of returns
except In the cases where there are still
unsettled contests.
»Y 1 L en the Countv Convention meets it
will be called to order by Chairman Bou
vier, with Secretary Wilson acting as tem
porary secretary. The temporary roll will
consist of the names of the delegates to
whom credentials have been issued by
order of the returning board, and no oth
ers. The names of tne Kelly-Crimmins
delegates In districts from which returns
were not made to the returning board will
not appear on it. Those delegates will
have to present their cause to the commit
tee on credentials, and if they are ad
mitted to the convention at all it will be
upon their producing unquestionable proof
of their election.
MEMBERS OF REPUBLICAN RETURNING BOARD.
HENRY E. HOLMES, carriage manufacturer, 209 Castro street.
GEORGE D. CLARK, pottery works. 120 Frederick street.
T. II. M'CARTHY, vice principal of Washington Grammar School 31T
Hyde street.
WILLIAM METZNER. manager of Monatuck Silk Company, 1231 Guerrero
street.
H. C. HENDERSON*, coal dealer. 1809-1S15 Folsom street.
GEORGE W. PENNINGTON, street worker, 936 Shotwell street.
NATHAN W. FRANK, attorney, 2114 Central avenue.
JOHN R. HILLMAN, insurance. Hotel Ramona.
A. RUEF, attorney. 422 Lombard street.
AUGUSTUS JOHNSON, hotelkeeper. Contra Costa House, Jackson and
Drumm streets.
I. J. TRUMAN Jr., attorney at law, 3540 Twentieth street.
JOHN F. M'GLYNN. Wells-Fargo money order clerk, 1216 Howard st-eet
A. B. TRUMAN. 1425 Stelner street.
JOHN F. AHERN. soap manufacturer, 65 Boardman place
H. J. M'MAHON. Deputy Sheriff, 14^ Sumner street.
J. J. MOREHOUSE. contractor, 1030 Mission street.
JOHN B. M'NAMARA, 2S7 Clementina street.
CHARLES. F. EXGELKE, liquor dealer, First and Howard streets.
Returning- Board May Caiase Arrests.
¦Iff. No-- Retoros Are Received No
Credentials Will Be Issued,
THE Herrin-Kelly-Crimmins hench
men who ignored the regular return
ing board of eighteen and took the
returns of eight districts and those
of one precinct of another to Shiels Hall
after the polls for the Republican primary
Friday were closed may be ajrested on a
criminal charge as a result of their Ir
regular proceeding. Members of the re
turning board have discussed informally
the advisability of taking such a step,
but have postponed action until the meet
ing of the board to-night.
The- election paraphernalia was all se
cured from the returning board of- eigh
teen, members of the County Central
Committee either taking the ballot boxes,
tickets, tallysheets, etc., for their respec
tive districts or writing orders for their
delivery to some of their political friends.
The property, for -which the returning
board is responsible to the Election Com
mission, was*sign£d for by those to whom
it was entrusted. In consequence, what
is virtually a trust contract exists be
tween them and the returning board.
In some cases among tne eignc and a
half precincts the ballet boxes were re
turned, but in each of them some portion
of the election paraphernalia is still not
accounted for, and the responsibility for
its safe return to the returning board rests
with the men who received It.
The Herrin-Kelly-Grimmins men rec
ognized the authority of the returning
board by coming to it for ballot boxes,
tickets, tally sheets and returns blanks.
Having done so, they were under the
necessity of bringing the returns to the
same board. In going to Shiels Hall with
them they ignored the provisions of the
call, which specifically stated that the
returns should be taken to the County
Central Committee headquarters at 930
Market street. The envelopes provided
for enclosing the ballots, tally sheets and
lists of voters were addressed to John R.
Hillman, chairman of the returning board.
May Be Prosecuted.
The returning board will meet to-night
at 8 o'clock. If by that time the para
phernalia, and election returns of
each district have not been re
turned in full it is extremely
probable that steps will be taken to prose
cut© tho men whose signatures show that
they received the property. Application
for search warrants will probably be made
in order to recover the missing property
and also for warrants for the arrest of
the guilty henchmen of the Mint saloon
bosses. If that action is decided upon,
not only will the men who received the
paraphernalia be prosecuted, but also the
©lection officers who took it into their
keeping, thereby becoming jointly respon
sible for its return.
The following are the districts from
which all or a part of the election para
phernalia and- returns have not been re
ceived: Twenty-eighth, Twenty-ninth,
Thirtieth, Thirty-first, one precinct of the
Thirty-seventh, the Thirty-eighth, For
tieth, Forty-third and Forty-fifth. These
are the districts the returns from which
I were taken to Shiels Hall, the ballot
boxes, tally-sheets, etc., being afterward
carted around according to the whim of
the individuals who had possession of
them.
The Implied trust contract between the
returning board and those who received
the property would require its prompt re
turn upon the termination of the use for
which it was given out. The Herrin-
Kelly-Crimmins henchmen might as well
have taken the ballot-boxes and returns
direct to the Mint saloon and there have
surrendered them into the keeping of tho
bosses as to have made Shiels Hall their
temporary depository. For anything that
is known to the contrary, the missing
property may now actually be in the pos
session of Kelly and Crlmmins.
The returning board of eighteen is
standing firm on one proposition— that no
credentials will be Issued to district dele
gates whose election is not shown by re
turns made to the board. The high
standing of the men composing the re
turning board, whose names and occu
pations are tabulated above, was a
guarantee that fair dealing would have
be*n accorded the candidates no matter
to which faction they belonged.
Heelers Were Afraid.
Fair dealing, however, was not what
the Hprrin-Kelly-Crimmins heelers want
ed. They were afraid for their returns
to go before a board that would not
wink at documentary evidence of ballot
box stuffing, repeating, and stealing in
BOY FATALLY INJURED AND
HIS FAITHFUL DOG KILLED
Carpenter Missing.
Bernard McDonald, a carpenter -who re
sides at 13T> Eleventh avenue, has been
missing from his home since Saturday
His disappearance has been reported to
the Morgue.
PRISON Y AWNS FOR
BOSSES' HENCHMEN
THE SA1ST FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, AUGUST 27, 1900.
Delivers a Bmllaant Sermon on -the Coaidataomis An the
Flowery Kingdom — The Right Rev.J. W. Ham=
ilton Preaches to a Large Congregation,
BISHOP MOORE HAS FAITH IN
THE FUTURE OF THE CHINESE
BISHOP TTATVmvroiT ADDRESSING THE CONGREGATION.
10
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
gDLDBERD
BQWEW
The lowest price for the
highest quality. We guar-
antee every article we sell
SPECIAL SAVING SALE
Monday Tuesday Wednesday
Cforet— Zinfandel
» Pure California product— rich* body —
reg'ly 50c gallon
Sard i n es—Bezier> s i's 20c
Superior quality — imported fish —
reg'ly 25c— a well known brand
Peach eS-Aka Me 3 cans £OC
Delicious — lemon clingfruit — heavy
syrup — reg'ly 20c— 1\ Ib can— buy
yonr winter's supply now
Oysters— Our Choice 2*s 25C
Eastern— extra selected dozen 2 75
Whiskey—^cofcAand Irish DC L
Kxlly Cray % x 8 5
Highland Club 1 S5
Caledonian 1 35 x IO
Highland Club (gal) 4 50 3 50
Salmon— 1 Ib can IOC
Tender red fish— delicate flavor—
reg'ly i2$c — quick luncheon
Soap— Satin Scouring 40C
Refined quality of sand soap—
reg'ly 50c doz^-cleanses and polishes—
without scratching
Alkethrepta-chocoiate 25c
Exhilerating— digestible— exquisite
flavor— reg'ly 30c can
Mackerel— messed $2 50
X X X— 12 Ib kits — a treat for
breakfast— reg'ly 53
Shoe polish— Acme I2iC
Water-proof polish — lasting shine —
for men's women's and children's
shoes— reg'ly 15c bottle
Toilet paper $1 10
Belvedere— 1000 sheets— fine tissue —
.reg'ly #1 50 dozen
Candle stick 25c
fancy designs —
'"something new and pretty
Match safe 25c
Wrought-iron tray— rubberoid cup-
latest novelty
Sink strainer— sanitary 2 oc
• Modern kitchen necessity —
Mrs Vrooman's — reg'ly 25c
Toilet water— Pinaud 6 5C
Nairisa— pleasing, odors— double
strength— reg'ly 75c bottle
Rose and cucumber jelly 15c
Keeps the hands white and smooth
—reg'ly 20c bottle
Unesda biscuits
Uneeda ginger wafers .
fresh stock arrived
Our ca.aibgue is a complete paioraHia
of our four busy stores— it you an't call
srnd youraddre s «
1073CUV t*lwe. a El«v,nth anj Twellr O.^ ,
Weekly Call,$1.00j)erYeai?
We Are Selling
China
Crockery
Glassware
Silver Plated Ware
Agateware
Jardinieres, Lamps
kitchen Ware
at
Away Down Prices
CO3IS JPST TO SEE
QootJ Time and Place to Iluy
Brett Amsricai tamis Tea &
MONEY-SAVING STORES.
nO-212 Grant Ave. <Bet. Butter ajad Post)
Ml Market St. tOpp. Powell).
140 firth Pt.
SSI JIey«s St. J18 Third Et.
1«9 Polk St. t:i Montgomery At.
Si6 Mission Et. 705 Larkln St.
3«S (Sixteenth St. j«9 r>evisadf>ro St.
146 Ninth St. 4T5 Hnitht St.
200S Fiilraore St. »;«3 Mission St.
12 Market St. r.Yi 24th St. •
OAKLAND STORES.
3CE3 TTaahlncton St. €16 E. 12tli St.
127 Broadway HS5 3d Ave.
mo Seventh St. l££ Park St.. Alameda.
B £t.. near 4th. San Rafael.
Prices lower than ever.
fAIKLESa DENTISTRY t {Sftat
tNo Plates Required,
OUT. REMOVABLE BRIDGE WORK IS
bf-B-Utiful and durable. Warranted 10 years
Our V, plate* fit likt a glove.
Our method for pair.!es« extracting Is patented
ar;d us*d by no other dentist on the Pacific
Coast.
#*#T/CJE LIST FOR 3O DAYS I
Painless Extraction U5c
Jl^movable JJriiJsework 9X00
Amalgam 5Oe
Mrs. I>r. It. L. Walsh will attend tp the chil-
<3rm's te^th— iJalnJefcsly.
SZ%, GEARY STREET, between Hyde and
Larkln. Telephone Polk 1135.
DR.MQMLTY.
n^HIS WELL-KNOW^ AND RELIABI.KOLD
.*- Kpeci*! i5tcur<« I*rirat«. Jf <»rvous. and Blood l»is-
'¦•^••s of M «-n only. Koo\i on Private l»s'-a.-<>K and
or Men. free. Over 20 y 'n' experience.
Pat!er.tteor»dat Home. Terms reasonable. HoursS
tf'3dai!jr;6.30to8:39 ev'irs. Sundays. JO to 12. Consul-
ttUonfreeandiiacnxUy confidential. Call.oraddrefls
„...*•- IMWCOK MeXl'LTV. 9f.X>.
COJi j&.earajr St., t»an Francisco, Cal.
Trapper's Oil cures rheumatism and neuralgia.
Druggists, 60c flask. Richards & Co., 406 Clay.
Recommended by physicians. Water always
clean and warm. Tub department best in city.*
Swim at the Crystal Baths.
54-lnch CHEVRON CHEVIOT, In all the new Grau, Tan
and Brown Mixtures, latest material fop short
skirts S 1.25 Yard
48-lnch CAMEL'S-HAIR STRIPE, In all the new Fall
colorings SI.50 Yard
52-lnch PEBBLE CHEVIOTS, in Navus and new Porcelain
Blue-only $2.00 Yard
56-lnch ZIBELINE CHEVIOT, In Quaker Gray, Brown
and new shades of Blue, very sultaili for tailor or
outing dresses S2.OO Yard
54-lnch extra heavy CAMEL'S-HAIR ZIBELINE, in Grays,
Browns, Green and Blue, sultahle for short skirts. . .
: SI.50 Yard
48-lnch FRENCH ZIBELINE, Camel's Hair, in 10 or the
new Fall colorings SI.50 Yard
52-lnch ENGLISH VENETIAN, all the new Fall colors fo?
tailor-made costumes .".SI. 75 Yard
5 cases NEW FRENCH CASHMERES and NUN'S VEIL-
INGS, in about fifty different shades.
Samples forwarded to anu address, and all orders, either
for samples op goods, filled and shipped the same dau
theu are received.
III. 113. 115. 117. 119. 121 POST STREET.
We have now on displau our first
shipment of NEW WOOLEN DRESS
FABRICS FOR FALL, and invite
an inspection of the following
EXTRA VALUES.
ft p \J KTt'V I K V. WTV. MTB.