Oliver Udell, wife and child; Mrs. R.
Uhl and six children; Val Ulrldge. wife
and six children.
Miss Mary Van; Mrs. Annie Vlnlng and
four children: Magdela Vlscavitch.
O. M. "Womberg, wife and children;
Louis D. Walker; Mrs. Winn and grand
child; Scott and Earl Wallace; Mrs.
Wade (colored); Hetty Wade and hus
band (colored); Samuel AValden (colored);
Mr. AValdcren: Mrs. H. V. Walker: Mrs.
Charles Walter and three children; Jo
seph Walsh, wife and three children; Gua
Walters; M. Warrah; three nephews of
James Waters: child of P. Watkina;
Judge "Watson, wife and v two children;
Mrs. Webber and family: "W. J. Weber,
wife and children; George and Joe Wcd
ter; Fritz Weldemange and wife; Profes
sor Weiss; Mrs. Walsh, Mrs. George
Westaway; Mrs. A. Westermann; Mrs.
Westman; James "White, wife and baby;
Lena Wicke: S. O. Wlike; child of -
lie Lrgue; Captain G. A. Lee and wife;
Tom Lenker; Fred Lennard; Joseph I.e
mira, wifo and four children; Leon
and two children: Miss Grace Leslie: Mrs.
C. A. Louis (colored); Mrs. Jake Lewis
and six children; Agnes Lewis (colored):
John Llndgren, wife and seven children
(Miss Lillie, eldest, saved); B. Lloyd ami
wife; Mrs. Mary Locke: Charles Lock
hard and wife and two children; Mrs. F.
Losico. daughter, three children and son
in-law; Mrs. William Lucas and two sons.
two children and Mrs. David Lucas; John
Lucas and two children; »ienry Ludke.
wife and son; E. A. Ludcwlg and mother;
"Will and Lena Lumberg; Charles Lumber,
wife and nine children; A. Lynch; James
Lynch and wife; Ed Lynch and family;
W. W. Lyster.
M.
Joe Miller and children; Mrs. S. S.
Munn: J. B. McCaulay and wife; "W. L.
Macklln, wife and three children: Mrs.
Maudy, daughter (colored): Grace Matson
and three children (colored): Frank Mar
tin, wife and son; Mrs. Pauline Maquelle,
Mrs. Maxwell: S. A. McAmlsh, wife an'd
two daughters; Ira McAughlar (colored);
A. R. McCulloch (colored): Mrs. W. H.
McManus; Mrs. M. J. McMillan: Mrs. Me-
Neill and baby; Mrs. James McNeal and
child: — McPeters, wife and two children:
Robert MePherson (colored); Mrs. John
Morley; : Joseph Mealy; Mrs, Joe Megna;
child of Mike Jlegna; John Minzella, wife
and five children; Eugene Merrill and
mother; John Meryea, wife and children;
Charles Mesley (colored); Chris Meyer
(missing): Mr. Miller, wife and six chil
dren; Mrs. Morrow and four children;
James Moran and wife; Mrs. . Nainan
Moore; Estelle Moore (colored); — Moore;
D. Morley and wife; Harry Morris, wife
and three children; H. Morton and four
children; B. F. Mott; — Mulcahy; two
children of J. of Houston; Mrs. Louise
Mulholland; Henry Mullock, wife and
child; Mrs. Maria Mundeyne; Mrs. Annie
Murle and daughter; Herman Meyer, wife
and son; Mrs.'C. J. Meyers and one child.
Henry Napoleon, wife and sister (col
ored).
Charlotte Oats (colored). D. J. O'Dowd.
C. J. O'Keefe and wife. Ed Olsen. A. A.
Oterson and wife, Henry Ostermayer and
wife, Antoinette P. O'Shaughnessy.
Mrs. H. M. Perry aaid son, Clayton, of
Houston; Mrs. Fred Puersnett and three
children, Mrs. Lena Paetz, August Pas
kail and wife, Miss Louisa Pashelag, Mrs.
E. Pashelag and three children, Mr. and
Mrs. Pauly, Mrs. Henry staysee and two
children, Mrs. Captain J. J. Peelz and eld
est and youngest daughters, Mrs. Pellenze
and mother. Albert Perkins (colored),
Arthur Perkins (colored), Perkins.,
wife and grandson (colored) ; K. C. Peter
son, wife and child; Mrs. Peterson and
children, W. B. Pettlt. AV. H. Pettinglli
and wife and three sons, W. Pilford and
four children.
John Quowvlch and four other unknown;
Bessie Quester; Thpmas W. Qulnn, John
Qulnn (missing).
William Rockford and wife; Joseph
Ryan, wife and child; Miss Lelia Raleigh;
- Rayburn; A. Rattissu, wife and
three children: Mrs. J. J. Reagan; \V. J.
Reagan, wife and three children:
Rein, wife and daughter; Agnes and Helen
Relnhart; Lulu Rhone (colored); S. W.
Richardson and wife; Mrs. Irene Rich
anderes and baby; Mrs. W. Riley and two
children; E. H. Rimmelin and wife;
Thomas Rlordan; Mrs. Ritzeler, Thomas
Rhymes, wife and two children; Annie
Roach; "Shorty" Roberts; Ben Ritchford
and wife; C. S. Roemer and wife; Eliza
beth Roemer: Mr. and Mrs. William
Roehm and two children: Blanch Donald
Rogers; Annie Ross: Mrs. L. Ross and
three children; Mrs. Kate Roth and three
children; Mrs. Rowe and two children;
Robert Ruddock, wife and four children;
C. Rudger, wife and child; John Ruen
buehl; A- Rughter, mother and father;
Professor Ruhmond, wife and two chil
dren; Henry Rust and three children;
Angelo Regllla, wife and four children.
S. Sanford, wife and child; Mrs. F.
Schmidt and son; R. J. Thorne; Schol
lield colored); Isaac ' Scholfleld; —
Scutte, wife and children; Mr. and Mrs.
Schultz; Hugh Scott, (colored); W. D.
Seals (colored); Sarah Scale (colored);
of ' Sedgwlck; Mrs. Julia Seibel.
Lizzie Selbel. Mrs. Jacob Seibel and son
Julius; Mrs. Anna Selxas and two daugh
ters; John Severt and wife; Henry Sha
per, wife and two sons; Albert Sherman:
C. F. Sharpe; . Mrs. Emma Skelton and
two children; Jim Smith; S. B. Somer
ville and wife (colored) ; — ¦ Sourblen,
Battery 0; Mrs. C. B. Slayton (colored);
J. Sleb and wife and two children; Frank
Leo, Jerold and Edward Stevens; Captain
P. Stewart and family; Mamie Stilkolitch;
Robert Stlmman, wife and child; Nick
Strabe and family," except one; Mrs.
Strlckhausen;,. William Strunk. wife and
six children; Clara Sudden (colored); child
of A. Swartzbach; mother and three chil
dren'of J. Swickle; Miss Sylvester;- two
children of H. G. Simms.
Miss Daisy Thomas; A. Tavalnette; Mrs.
The Grand Lodge committees, I. O. O. F., were here to-day and organized local relief com
mittees to look after and care for the sick and destitute of that order, for whom an appeal has been
sent to the lodges of the Union for relief.
The keeper of the life saving station at the western extremity of the island got in to-day.
He reports the station gone and that a frightful scene of desolation exists there. He says that
I^o bodies were buried there; that the prairie and marshes are strewn with the carcasses of ani
mals and reptiles, and that the stench is terrible.
The injured and sick, under the thorough system established by the Board of Health and
local p-ivsicians. are receiving every care and attention and doing as well as. could be expected un
der the circumstances, which are being improved daily.
All the churches in the city being either wrecked or ruined, with one or two exceptions, di
vine services were suspended.
To-morrow a census of the Catholic population will begin to ascertain the number of wid
ows and orphans caused by the storm and the exact number of Catholics that perished.
Since all the railways terminating here have united upon one bridge and are pushing the
work night and clay with a large force reconstructing it, while the tracks are being restored on
the island and mainland by large forces, it is confidently asserted that Galveston will have com
munication directly by Wednesday next. If this is done it will relieve the existing situation won
derfully, as all supplies are now being brought in by boat.
The cleaning up and disinfecting of the streets, stores and buildings is being diligently
carried on. and the sanitary condition of the down-town portion of the city has been greatly im
proved. Mayor Jones stated to-day that there would be no abatement in the work until the en
tire city is cleaned and disinfected.
Dry goods stores and clothing houses resemble great laundries, every available space be
ing occupied with goods hung up to dry. Fortunately the weather is clear, hot and dry. for this
purpose.
The destitute wishing to go to friends in the country are given free transportation and are
being sent out of the city as rapidly as the limited transportation facilities at the disposal of the
committee on transportation will permit. The owner of any water craft or railway found guilty of
charging more than the regulation fee will be arrested and severely dealt with.
United States Marshal Grant has been given full authority by Adjutant General Curry, and
is directing affairs on the mainland, aided by troops of rangers, who are ordered to make short
work of looters and to arrest all suspicious characters. The rangers and militia and civil guards
stationed at Texas City and Virginia Point are under the direction of Marshal Grant. These are
the two points of ingress into the city. He also has control over all the railways running into the
city and all craft plying between Virginia Point and Texas City, and no one can embark or dis
embark at these places without his permission, unless having authority to do so from his superior
officers.
GALVESTON, Tex., Sept. 16. — This was a dreary Sabbath in Galveston. Services were
held in the few churches made fit for use since the great storm. All day men and boys
were at work clearing away the debris. Only a few dead were found during the. day and
they were quickly burned, no attempt being made to identify them. The military authorities and
the civil authorities are now co-operating harmoniously and consequently there is less looting and
desecration of corpses. Sheriff Thomas is in charge of the isolated district and is directing inter
ments and the recovery of property there.
The Santa. Fe system has concentrated
nearly ail Its best bridg-e and track men
on the spot, working to restore communi
cation with Galveston. The track was
completed to Virginia Point at 10:30 to-
State Health Officer Blunt left here to
day for Austin, where he will make a re
port to the Governor concerning condi
tions la Galveston. It is said that this
etatement will estimate the mortality at
£300 souls. Dr. Blunt was in Galveston
revwal days and made a thorough investi
ca.tion of the results of the storm.
Ml«=s Clara Barton of the Red Cross So
ciety arrived at Texas City to-night with
a hospital corps and supplies. She will
rearh Galveston to-morrow morning.
The greatest difficulties in the way of
securing material for the work or rather
In getting the material to the places
¦where it Is needed have been encounter
ed. Notwithstanding these difficulties ,
the work has gone on day and night, and
the structure that Js to bring Gaivesiun
In real touch with the outride world is
bc!r.g gradually pushed forward toward
the stricken city which is so rapidly and
rnarvclously recuperating.
Track has been laid along a right of
way which has been swept by the sea
nnd washed into ravines along a line bc-
Ftrewn with dead bodies of men and ani
mals. The men worked under a Mazing
t-un in mud and in surroundinps sicken
ing to the senses, and at first without an
adequate supply of food.
GALVESTON; T»»x.. Pept. 36.— Now
that the water works are running,
some of the streets lighted, many
others nearly cleared of debris and
tolesraphlr communication with
the cutEide world re-established, the peo
ple of Galvefton are anxiously looking
forward to the ro-establishment of rail
communication. They will not have long
to wait, for the work of relaying tracks
and rebuilding a bridge across the bay
Js being pushed with great energy. The
officials In chartre of the work believe
that they will be able to :un trainr- into
Galvcstion Union depot on Thursday. The
work thus far <i"r.^ has been remarkable,
end has been accomplished under the
greatest difficulty.
ZION ELDER IS FORCED
TO LEAVE THE CITY
Bough Treatment Accorded to Eph
raixn Bassinger by a Mob at
Hans fie Id.
MANSFIELD, Ohio. Sept. 16.— A mob
to-day drove Zion Elder Ephraim Bas
elnger of Bluffton. Ind.. and two of
Dowle> converts hr-re out of the city and
thus broke the monotony of the usual
ftmtlne followed for the past four Sun
' fcl<3*r Baaeinger was in the city yester
day, held several meetings without mo
leetatlon and had a number of consulta
tions with his attorney. A. A. Douglass.
He left last night, but returned again to
cay and was holding a meeting at the
NAMES ADDED
TO DEATH LIST
from Stricken Galveston Gome
Further Evidences of the
Hurricane's Work.
GALVESTON, Sept. lfi.— Following Is an
additional list of dead not heretofore sent
out:
Pasqulla Augustine and wife. Nel
con Anderson, George Agin and child,
Henry Anderson; A. Albertson, wife and
two children; Annie and Christiana An
derson, the children of Thomas Almeras,
George Alpin and wife; Emll Amundsen,
wife and child; L. Anderson and wife;
Ned Anderson and two children, Amanda
Anderson (colored); C. Anderson, Mrs.
Carl Anderson and four children; Mrs.
Frank Aniza and two children, Mrs. Dora
Armstrong and four children, Captain
Sylvester AZteanza, Fred Alway and
family.
F. H. Bradford and family, Mrs. Bo
goyne and son. Judge Burke and wife;
Marco Burns, wife and four children;
Mrs. Antonio Bonnerville and two chil
dren, Otto Badger; Gus, Irene and John
Balliman; Mrs. Balzman, Mrs. Louise
Barnes, Mrs. Berry and six children, Otto
Balje, Horace Batteste; William Baubch,
wife and two children: Mrs. Bernard;
George Bell, wife and four children; Miss
Mattie Bell, Henry Bell (colored); Theo
dore Berger, wife and child; Mrs. G. J.
Bergman and daughter; Fred Bierman.
baby of William Blackson; Charles Block;
Isaac Blum, J. M. Borden and wife, Sarah
and Jennie Blum; T. C. Bornkessel of the
United States Weather Bureau and wife
and child. Mrs. Charles Boske and two
sons. — Bowen, Allen Branch (colored),
Miss Ethel Bradley; Fritz Brondles, wife
and four children; Louie Brandon, James
Britton (colored), T. J. Brooks; Adolph
Brown, wife and two children; Mrs. L. W.
Bryan and daughter, Selma and Blanche
Buckley, Douglas iSurgerine, J.'; K.
Bourke, Elvie Burrcll and two children
(colored). Mrs. C. Burrell (colored). Mrs.
George Baxter and two children.
Ada Chambers; Jane Curtis, two chil
dren and her mother-in-law (colored);
Mrs. Dan Cleary and live children; Ade
lene Cheviner; Mrs. Paul Christian," A.
Carter and wife; Pat Clancy, wife and
three children; Kate Clauson; Mrs. Leon
Cleary and child; George Cleveland and
wife; Roy and Zena* Cleveland; J. H.
WASHINGTON. Sept. 16— The War
Department to-day received information
from General MacArthur of the tragic
death in the Philippines of Captain
Charles McQueston of the F\>urth Regi
ment of the T.'nitc-d States Infantry, the
result of a wound given by a private.
General MacArthur's dispatch follows*
"Charles McQueston, • captain Fourth
TTnited States Infantry, died yesterday at
Mangonone. Bacor, Cavite province 8*30
evening, from gunshot wound caused by
private soldier.. Captain McQueston in
a fit of temporary insanity, attacked men
of company; shot one or more and wan
shot himself In self-defensn. Further par
ticulars when received.
INSANE OFFICER IS
SHOT BY A PRIVATE
Mrs. A. I. Stearns, Prominent focial
Favorite of Boston, Tire3 of
Married Life.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
BOSTON. Mass.. Sept. 16. -Mrs. Iczcnnia
Steams, wife of "Waldo Stearns of this
city, is suing her husband for divorce,
the case having been entered in the Rhode
Island courts, Mrs. Stearns claiming a
residence in Jamestown in that State.
Mr. Ftearns is a son of A. T. Stearns, a
well-knov.n lumber merchant of this city.
Mrs. Stearns is a sister to Mrs. Roland B.
Mollneux of New York, whose husband
awaits the electric chair at Slng-Slng. I
The Stearnses have lived in Jamestown,"
R. I., for many seasons and are well
known In the social circles of the summer
metropolis. Less than a year ago Mrs.
Stearns moved from the pretty white cot
tage on the main street and left her hus
band. He continued to live there, while
his wife took lodgings in the town and
later moved to Newport. They have not
seen each other since the day the car-"
riage came to the door and took her away
during Mr. Stearns* absence. The James
town house is his and when she went Mrs.
Stearns paid that she could not consent
to seek shelter under any roof that her
husband owned.
The divorce is asked for on statutory
grounds. It was while on a yachting trip
with this sister. Mrs. Stearns, that Mrs.
Mollneux met the man who later became
her husband.
home of E. H. Leiby when the officers
went there and took him to the depot,
followed by a jeering mob of several hun
dred. He was a target for apples, tobac
co cuds, m!ssiles and kicks as he was es
corted to the depot, and when he arrived
there he was a pitiable sight. The pas-
Fenper train was missed by about two
minutes, and while they were waiting for
the next train the mob went to the home
of E. H. Leiby and took him and Frank
Caiver. both Zlon followers, and marched
them to the depot. "When an express
train arlved all three were put on It end
hustled out of the city.
MRS. MOLINEUX'S SISTER
SUING FOR A DIVORCE
State and Federal Officers Join
Hands and Give Short Shrift
to the Lawless Element— Bodies
Burned Without Attempt at
Identification.
FALSE REPORTS
SENT CONCERNING
SUBSCRIPTIONS.
£^ USTIN, Tex., Sept 16.—
JiSk Governor Savers gave
out the following to-day:
"Reports sent out from this
place by whomsoever saving
that eight or nine hundred
thousand dollars have already
been paid in are absolutely
false and made without au
thority and calculated to do
great harm to the needy sui
ferers along our coast. No such
sum of money has been re
ceived or anything approach
ing it. It is believed that the
stories have done graat harm
in that they have prevented
the contribution of money
which is sorely nesdsd at. Gal
veston."'
Close; Mandy* Coleman ar.d child
(colored); William Coiinell; W. S. Coo*,
wife and six children; Mrs. Porter Cor
nell and two daughters (colored); infant
of E. L. . Cort (colored); Miss Bessie
¦Cramer; child of Anthony Credo; Mrs.
Cromwell and three daughters; Mrs. Jo
seph Cuneo of New Orleans; Mrs. J. C.
Curtis and one child (colored); Lulu Cur
tis (.colored); John Henry Cushman.
Mrs. E. Daniel, three girls, one son and
two grandchildren; Annie Davis, Henry T.
Davis (colored*; Nicholas Daley; Charles
Darby; Irene Davis; Haddy Deegan; Joe
Delaney; A. P. Delanney, wife and chil
dren; M. Deltz and two sons; Mr. and Mrs.
Robert Demp.sey; Mrs. Louis Dixon and
children; Dinsdale, wife and two
Ctlliaien; Mis. uumu uiul t!dtighi«ri; Hen
ry Dirks and family; Mrs. Dittman and
son; Misses Ellen and Mary Donohue of
Utica, N. Y.; George W. Doll and wife;
Frank Doll and family; Dore,- an old
Frenchman; George Dare Jr., wife and
two children; Mr. and Mrs. Darrene and
two children; B. Dorsett and family of
five; Mike Dotto. wife and six children;
Jim Doyle; D. Drecksmith; J. Dreck
smith; M. A. Drew; A. Duffard; Mrs.
Duffy; Frank Dunant Sr.; Mrs. Adelaide
Dunton: Mrs. Dunkln; John and Pinkie
Duntonoviteh; John Darkey, wife and
daughter.
Mrs. Edmonds; F. Eberhardt and wife;
Mrs. Kate Eberg; WlUJam .*?ckel. wife
and son; i*. i£." Edmu.idson; ' V. ' -, Edgart
and father; W. E. Elchler; Mrs. Elchler;
Howard Eismann; John Ellis and family
of four; Joseph Ello. wife and two child
ren; Louis Englehart; Mrs. Ludwig En
glehart; G. C. Englehart; Mrs. Evans and
two daughters; J.. H. Everhart, wife and
Miss Lena and Guy.
Mrs. Ferrell and three children; Joseph
Falke and three children; Mrs. Robert
Faucett; John Felgel Sr. and wife; John
Feigel Jr. and daughter Mabel; Mrs. Mar
tin Flanagan; Mrs. Mamie Foreman and
daughter and three sons; George Frank
lin: Mrs. Augusta Franck; Freldolf,
wife and son; Freltag and son Harry;
Mrs. Charles Frohme and two children;
Mrs. W. H. Fry; Bessie Fryer.
Sol Gordon, two children; Mr. and Mrs.
Gabell (colored); Mrs. T. J. Gaines and
two. daughters; James G. Gallishaw and
live children; Ed Garrett; Jumes Carrl
gan; Joseph Garrigan; John and Gussle
Garth; Robert Genter; Genson and
four children; First Sergeant George, Bat
tery O; Charles George and wife; Dan
Glllis; A. Gordon and baby; Fred Grant
(colored); Mamie E. Grant (colored); Mrs.
Fred Gother; Alexander Grumberg, sup
posed to belong to live-saving station;
Mrs. D. Golln.
Three children of Mrs. B. Haag; George
W. Hagan; Joe Hall and family (colored);
Dick Hansel, wife and three children; Tim
Harris; Robert Harris, wife and one
child; George Harris; Mrs. Harris
(colored); Mrs. W. R. Harris and son;
child of Mrs. Eva Hayes of Taylor, Tex.;
John Helf stein and child; Sophie and Lot
tie Helstein; Mrs. R. M. Hemann and
child; B. Hess; Charlie Hester; Martin
Hoarer, wife and son; Mrs. Hoch and
threo sons; James 11. Holland, wife" and
son Willie and grandson Otis; Heland
(colored); Mrs. James Holland; Mrs.
Holmes (colored); child of Laura Holmes
(colored); Edward and Antoinette Hub
ter; Mrs. Hanson; Mrs. Mattie Hughes;
S. C. Hughes; John Hughes; Charlio
Hull (colored); Charles Huzza, wifo and
four children; Antony Hyman; Charles
Hiebach and son. - ;y- ..
Mr. and Mrs. Jaeger and two children;
Mrs.J. W. Jackson and two children; Ed
Jamency, wife and two children of Dallas;
two children of Perry Jasper; Mr. and
Mrs. Jefferbock; Mr. Jeffett, wife and four
children and mother-in-law; Frank Jones
and son; Mrs. M. Jones and daughter;
Peter, Johns;;n, wife and live children;
Mrs. P. Johnson and children; R. D. John
son, wife and two children; Mrs. G. John
son and daughter; W. J. Johnson, wife
and two children. Mrs. Ben Johnson and
three children; Mike Johnson, wife, child
and mother-in-law; Harry Johnson; Mrs.
H. B. Johnson; A. S.' Johnson, wife and
six children; Charles Juneman, wife and
daughter.
William Kunker, wife and child; Mrs.
John Kaee and; four children; Benton
Kennedy, wife and three children; Pearl
Kemp (colored): Mrs. Kemp (colored);
Mr. and Mrs. ' Paul Kcrpun ; Mrs. King
(colored); Rosa ¦ King (colored); Edgar
Klndlund; Mrs. W. T. Knowles and three
children; Mrs. 1 John Kinley and family;
E.Kinsella; Joseph Kreza. wife and three
sons; Louie Kaiser, wife and three chil
dren; Mrs. Fred Kehler and two sons;
Mrs. John Kelss: Miss Julie Kelss; Mrs.
Louis Keiss and four children: — Keif
fier, wife and daughter; James 'Kelsey.
Miss Pearl Larkey; Alma Lackey, Rob
ert Lackey, Mrs. Lackey, four children
and daughter-in-law; Mrs. Lafayette, and
two children; James Laplerce, wife ¦ and
five children; H. Larsen and two children;
G' Laukhuff ; Mrs. . Dave Lashley, August
Lausen and three . children ; Mrs. W. • and
Miss Oralie Lawson; Mr. and Mrs. Law-
Bori and child," three children and Miss Ul-
RELIEF WORKERS RESTORING ORDER IN THE
PESTILENCE = THREATENED CITY OF GALVESTON
PRICE Fl VE CKNTT'S.
SAN FRANCISCO, MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 17, 1900.
VOLUME LXXXVIII-XO. lOf).
CONTRIBUTIONS FROM HERALD READERS.
NEW YORK. Sept. 16.— Contributions from Herald readers to the amount of
$15,790 99 have been telegraphed to the Dallas News for the relief of the hurricane
sufferers. The News is investing the money In suitable supplies and forwarding
them with all dispatch to Galveston, thus assuring most effective aid. **
CHURCH COLLECTIONS TO AID AFFLICTED.
CALL BUREAU. WELLINGTON HOTEL. WASHINGTON. Sept. 16.—Wash
ington has forwarded the secretary of the Board of District Com
missioners about $3000 In cash and large quantities of clothing and pro
visions for the sufferers from the storm In Galveston. This amount will
be largely Increased during the' coming week. By direction of Cardinal
Gibbons it was announced in all Cathlic churches of Washington to-day that the
collections on Sunday next would be for the benefit of the flood sufferers Thia
money will be forwarded through church agencies. The general Washington re
lief fund will be largely swelled on Wednesday. There will be a matinee at
every theater in Washington and the entire proceeds from the sale of tickets will
be turned over to the District Commissioners for the relief fund. Efforts are be
ing made to sell tickets for the entire seating capacity of every theater.
THE Pved Cross Society of California entered the field of subscription for the
Galveston sufferers yesterday by an announcement that was read in many
of the churches and will be read in them all. It sets forth the fact that the
Red Cross had established headquarters at 338 Sutter street and was pre
pared to receive donations of money or supplies in any quantities, which
the society would forward as soon as possible and without expense to the River.
The motto of thg Red Cross, however, is not to send on anything that is worth
less, so that whatever goes out will be fit for use at onee when it arrives in
the stricken district. To-day Mrs. Dr. MacKenzIe and "Mrs. Arthur Cornwall
will be In charge of the headquarters. The headquarters have been donated for
the occasion by the agents.
The State committee let one day pas3 and will start active work to-day. The
organization of the committee was completed Saturday, the sub-committees were
all appointed and to-day they will all get down to business. A plan, already pub
lished, has been decided upon by which the entire State will be covered so far
as the committee is concerned, and all who will give will be reached and hi*
subscription taken care of. Arrangements have been made with the express
and telegraph companies by which money and supplies can be shipped with the
least posible loss of time and the least expenditure of money, and with the
work systematized it will not take long to gather In all that can be gathered
from the people of. the State. - --«?-fi
Preparations for the athletic exhibition to be given by the Olympic Club
this evening in the Mechanics' Pavilion are nearly completed. The programme
promises to be one of the best in its way that has been given here. All of the
best athletes of the club have volunteered and a fine performance is assured.
There will be some professional talent as well as amateur talent, and the num
bers on the programme will include everything from field athletics to the finest
gymnasium work. The affair is in charge of John Hammersmith, leader of the
Club.
Subscriptions yesterday were not In evidence on account of the Sunday holi
day. No mail for the State Relief Committee was opened and the subscriptions
received at the Mayor's office will remain until to-day for notice. The Red
Cross also was closed for the day. but all canvassers will return to the work of
getting subscriptions to-day with renewed vigor.
A collection for the benefit of the Galveston fund was taken up at Rev B
Fay Mills' lecture before the Ethical Ins'titute last ¦ evening in Metropolitan
Temple. The collection netted $33.
At a meeting of the German singing societies of the city yesterday In the
rooms of the Arion Singing Society in Union Square Hall it was decided that a
monster concert in aid of the Galveston sufferers should be given in either Met
ropolitan Temple or Odd Fellows' Hall on Sunday next. Twenty-two sin'ging
societies, forming a chorus of not less than 500 voices, will take part each section
being under the baton of its instructor. A rehearsal will bo held on Tuesday
n ght in the Arion rooms and a final meeting of the committee on Thursday
night in Verein Eintracht Hall. 323 Turk street. Madam Seminario. the well
known contralto, has offered her services and will sing the "Star Spangled Ban
ner," assisted by the mammoth chorus. ,
Committees and officers having the affair In charge are composed of the fol
lowing named: Chairman, D. Max Magnus; treasurer. J. Brandenstein- secretary
August Hansen. J>
Finance Committee-F. W. Dohrmann, Henry W. Bninner. Music committed-
Professor H. Holshaver. Professor P. H. Fredericks. Professor Reiger Profes^
Gewss, Professor L. Wanke. Hall commitee-Professor W. Zlmmermann Call
committee— W. Zlmmermann, Fritz Gerken. Press committee— M. Greenb-ieh
George Beauzhamp. .
?», V? k Z t8 M e A? bC M . CC , ntS a " ° Ver the house ' and a len^ h y Programme of all
that is best in the musical way is promised. The following named have promised
to lend their aid to the success of the entertainment: A. Shilling, I. W Hellman
F. W. Tillmann Jr.. Charles Bundschu. Governor H. T. Gage. Mayor James Ph^
Ian, Senator George C. Perkins. German General Consul Ad. Rosenthal Julius
Kahn, R. Porter Ashe, Claus Spreckels. Joseph G: Maguira. Colonel E. A. Denicke
California Red Cross Society
Aids Local Workers in In
creasing the Fund for the
Texas Sufferers.
THE CATHOLIC ORPHAN ASYLUM AT GALVESTON DESTROYED IN THE HURRICANE. IN ITS RUINS
MANY HELPLESS CHILDREN WERE KILLED AND BURIED.
HAVANA. Sept. 16.— Inj^sterday's elec
tion of delegates to the forthcoming con
stitutional convention the National party
triumphed in the province of Havana,
electing General Lacrete. General Rodn
guez. Secretary of Justice Gener, General
Lunez and Senor Tamaxo. General San
guily (Republican* was also successful.
In Pir.ar del Rio there seems to be no
doubt of the ehctlon of Gonzalo de Que
seda. Ruis Rivera and Civil Governor
Quines. No returns have been received
from Santiago or Matanzas.
In Puerto Prlnclpo. Senores Cisneros and
Sllva were the only candidates, so that
their election Is assured. It is conceded
that in Santa Clara the Federals will win.
NThe Nationalists assume to be anti-aji
ne>tationlsts. but they are moderate in
toneXMore than one of the delegates rep
resenting the majority in this province
are pro-American. Where their personal
feelings are concerned and Irrespective of
politics they desire closer relations with
the United States.
NATIONAL PARTY HAS
TRIUMPHED IN CUBA
Wilcox; Miss Freda "Wilde; Mr3. Mary
Williams; Bertha Wilson (colored)- H
Wiley; C. H. Witt, wife and two children!
Mrs. R. N. Wood: Eddie and Burt Wood
(colored); Mrs. Caroline Wood and two
daughters; M. Wuchnach, wife and two
children; Mrs. Young, two daughters and
one son.
Terrell and four children (colored); Newell
and Nat Thomas; Mr3. Thompson, wife
and three children; Mrs. Thurman (col
ored): Lavlna Tlggs and daughter (color
ed); Robert Tilsman, wife and five chil
dren; Tinsbrush and family: Mrs. Trick
hausen; Mrs. Trostman and three chil
dren: Mr. and Mrs. Tucker and one child;
Mr. and Mrs. Turner.
VA/.
O.
F\
Q-
R.
s.
A.
B.
C.
O.
JE.
O.
H.
J.
K.
L.
u.
\/.
The San Francisco Call.And works off the cold. Laxative Bromo-Qul
nlne Tablets cure a cold In one day. No cure,
no pay. , Price 55 cents. •
Stops the Cough
Big Fire t Houston.
HOUSTON, Sept. 16.-The Merchants'
and Planters* Oil Mill, one of the largest
cotton oil manufacturing and refining con
cerns in the city, .was totally destroyed by
fire this afternoon. Loss estimated at £550.
000 or $490,000: insurance £52,000. Three
hundred and fifty men will be thrown out
of work.
icxi^e of trainmen waa organized. Mr.
WtLKESBARBE. Pa.. Sept. 16.—
The United Mine-workers ppent
Sunday in strengthening their
lines where they were weak.
Organizer James came up from
Hazelton and addressed a large meeting
at Hudson, five miles north of this city.
It was reported Saturday that the miners
cf that place intend going to work
Monday. Mr. James was sent for and a
meeting called.
In the course of his addrrsa Mr. James
was loudly applauded. There were many
women in the audience and they seemed
to be as enthusiastic as the men.
At Plains Organizer Nicholls addressed
a large meeting. He, too. aroused much
enthusiasm. He paid the prospect of
winning the strike was excellent and he
advised the miners to stand firm.
In one of the suburbs of this city a Tj1<
meeting of union and non-union men was
hold. The meeting resolved itself into a
union gathering and *a resolution was
adopted requesting all men to keep away
from the mines. Meetings were also hei<i
in many other places In the county and ah
w#»r« largely attended.
The United Mine-workers feel confident
to-night that there will be no work to
morrow. They say there may be pj-me
men who will report for work, but they
will be so few that it will be almost im
posfible to carry on operations. The
coal companies will make a dct* j>crate et
fort to keep some of the mines going.
%»lans of Operators.
All the men that can possibly be se
cured will be «*nt to one mine, it is im
material which colliery, and in this way
it is hoped to be able to mine some coai
and make a showing. The operators
rea!iz« tha.r the quickest way to break the
strike is to show the strikers that some
mines are in operation and that some men
are doing work and being paid for work
that they should be doing and getting
pald'for. But no operator or minor can
make a prediction as to the outcome to
morrow.
Vice Grand Master Fltzpatrick of the
Brotherhood of Railway Trainmen ad
dressed a secret meeting of railroaders at
Parsons to-day. After the address a
Kltzpatrick will organize other lodges In
the district within the next few days
Tho leaders of the Miners' Union are con
fident that if the coal-carrying- roads at
tempt to carry bituminous coal into the an
thracite region during the strike the rail
roaders will stand by them. Mr. Kitz
patrick refused to say to-day whether the
brotherhood x men would go out on strike
in case the railroads shipped soft coal into
the Wyoming Valley. He said his mis
sion here was to organize new lodges and
strengthen those that needed strengthen
ing.
Leaders Confident.
SHAMOK1N*. Pa.. Sept. 16.— At 7:00
o'clock this evening the United Mine
workers* leaders say that from reports at
hand from Daphin. Columbia, SchuyikH 1 .
and Northumberland counties indications
pointed to at least 50 per cent of the r<ic:i.
principally between here and. Contralkt.
going on strike to-morrow. In- whic-U
event the collieries cannot 'be operated;
Before the close of the week the United
Mine-workers expect to have most of the
operations in the district at a standstill.
The leaders say the operators and coai
companies underrate the strength of the
union.
The officials of the Philadelphia ant!
Reading Coal and Iron Company in this
district announced this evening- that -when
the colliery "whistles are blown to-mprrow
61 per cent of the employes will be at the
mines. The officials also stated that if
enough men stayod away from the mine
to compel the Henry Clay shaft to fihul
down the mules, would be hoisted, after
which the collif-ry would be abandoned.
The United Mine-workers claim that the
company will not permit the shaft to be
flooded.
Men Are Quiet.
Despite the fact that a considerable sum
of money had been disbursed by the Mln
t-ral and Union Coal companies yester
day, there has been little if any In
toxication among the miners and no dis
order has been reported from any of the
outlying mining hamlets. Everything was
quiet at the collieries between Trevor
ton, this place and Centralia to-day. No
miners wore at work and no one was in
the mines excepting the pumpmen and
tire bosses. In this place to-night the
streets were deserted save by people on
their way to and from the churches. Thu
miners are at home, "anxiously; awaiting
the developments of to-morrow morning.
A number of those intending to strike say
they will go to the collieries and Induce
men wanting to work to join the ranks of
the strikers.
Mass-Meeting Eeld.
A mass-meeting was held here this
afternoon, which was attended by be
tween 4000 and 5000 miners. They were
very enthusiastic over speeches by Sam
uel Gompers of the American Federation
of L<abor and John Fahey, president of
(he ninth anthracite district. Mr. Fahey
advised the men to stay away from the
mines and not indulge in Intoxicating
drink and avoid quarrels, which, would
tend to injure the cause of the miners.
President Gompers informed- his hearers
that by reason of their great patience in
sc-eking to induce the operators and co:il
companies to grant them a conference
and by the operators refusing to meet
them, the sympathy of tne American pub
lic was with the men. :-Thelr cause was a.
just one and by united action they would
win. They had the best kind of a chance
and considerable strength would be ac
corded tho United Mine-workers : by
kindred associations to defeat the operas
tors. The speaker also said that the
clergy made a mistake in advising the
men not to strike, but that the wrongs
of the worklngmen were so great that
they could not now recede an inch from
President Mitchell's order to strike, un
less the operators grant the desired con
cessions. ¦--SBSSftj
HAZELTON, Pa,. Sept. 16.-President
Mitchell arrived here to-nitrht, and imme
diately ofter received a telegram, from
National Committeeman James, who is
at Jeddo, urging Mitchell to come to Jed
do at once and address the men, which he
did, calling on the Markle men to recon
sider their decision not to strike. The
Markle miners finally decldea to strike.
President Mitchell said he had reports
from the three anthracite districts which
indicate that 125,000 men will not start to
work to-morrow. He said the first and
ninth districts would be tied up to-night,
while the seventh would be almost so.
Wages Voluntarily Increased.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SEATTLE, Sept. 16.— An advance of
fromt'Igrht to fifteen per cent in wages of
Its coal mine employes Is announced by
Leaders of the Strike Assert That No Work Will Be
Done in the Mines, While Operators Hope to
Keep Some Shafts Working.
Dulce, thus pretending a right to half the
territory of Costa Rica and about two
thirds of that of Nicaragua.
Costa Rica demanded the establish
ment or the old limits between Central
America and Colombia, which were at
Island Escudo tie Veragua on the Atlantic
and River Chiriqui Viejo (at the base of
Punta Burica to the southeast) in the Pa
cific.
The award upholds the claim of Costa
Rica and dispels the pretensions of Co
lombia to any part of the territory of
Nicaragua or of that of Costa Rica on the
Atlantic beyond Mona Point.
The award is important to the United
States because It places the mouth of tho
projected Nicaragua Canal unmistakably
in Nlcaraguan territory, and because it
will enable this Government to obtain a
coaling station on the Pacific Ocean,
which Colombia has refused to give. .
For some months past the United States
has been endeavoring to obtain permission
from the Colombian Government for the
establishment of coaling stations on the
shores of Chiriqui Lagoon and the Gulf
of Dulce, but the Colombian Government
declined to grant the request ostensibly
because the territory involved was in the
course of arbitration.
The Gulf of Dulce has now been* do
clared to lie within the boundary of Costa
Rica and negotiations will be begun "with
the San Jose Government for the location
of a coaling station on its shores N'eeo
tiations will also be resumed with Colom-
Chiriqul g t0 Pl3Ce a COal P" e ™ 1
PHILADELPHIA, Sept. 16.— That the strike of the mine workers in the anthracite coal regions of Pennsylvania,
which President Mitchell of the United Mine Workers of America has officially declared to begin to-morrow morn
ing 1 ,- -will be one of considerable magnitude seems certain to-night from reports received from the regions affected.
It seems equally certain that a number of operators will make an effort to run their collieries, even though they
may be short handed, but whether they will be successful can be determined only when the breakers' whistles sound
the call to work. The operators generally will have their collieries in condition to begin operations and the whistles will
blow as usual, but a large number of the employers admit that there is little hope of being able to start. To-day was
¦ one of quiet throughout the entire coal district. The mine workers were orderly, and their leaders were busy address
ing meetings to encourage the members of the union and to win over such non-union meii as they 'could. Many of
: these latter, although not favoring a strike, will, it is the general opinion, remain away from the mines rather than
bear the criticism and reproach of their fellow- workers. An effort is being made to-night to have Archbishop Ryan of
; Philadelphia act as arbitrator. Father Philipps of Hazelton, who has been laboring hard to effect a peaceful settlement
- of the labor troubles, was in conference at a late hour .with President Mitchell of the United Mine Workers, urging him
• to delay the strike until Archbishop Ryan shall have exhausted his efforts.
LOUBET'S AWARD
IMPORTANT TO
THIS COUNTRY
?
Mouth of Proposed Isthmian
Canal Placed in Nic
aragua.
United States Will Now Be Able to
Gain a Coaling Station on
the Colombian
Coast.
?
Special Dispatch to The Call. .
CALK BUREAU, WELLINGTON HO
TEL, WASHINGTON, Sept. 16.— President
Loubet of France in. his award in bounda
ry dispute between Colombia and. Costa
Rica, has fixed the boundary of these two
countries at Mona Point (Puhta Carreta)
on tho Atlantic and Punta Burica on the
Pacific coast.
The Republic of Colombia maintained
that the limit should be fixed at* Cape
Gracias a.Dios on the Atlantic, including
the whole of ; the Costa Rican and Nica
raguan Atlantic coast, and that 'the limit
on the Pacific side should be placed at
Boruca River to the northwest of. ' Gulf
-¦¦¦¦¦¦ / ~ ¦
the Pacific Coast Company, to take effect
immediately. This advance includes near
ly all the men working on the daily wago
schedule at Coal Creek. Newcastle. J^w
t?on and Franklin in Western Washing
ton and directly affects over 750 coal min
ers and employes.
Officers or the company state that no
special reason existed for the advance,
but that the company realized how wages
in other occupations had been going up
and desired to show, fair treatment*to its
men. No demand had been made by the
miners. _
STOPPAGE OF MILLS WILL
ENTAIL A GREAT LOSS
Spinners in England Are Unable to
Obtain Sufficient Supply of
Raw Cotton.
MANCHESTER. Sept. 16.— The Man-
Chester Textile Mercury ' estimates that
the minimum average of stoppage for the
mills will be eight weeks, although the
period may be longer, and that the losses,
including the wages of 500.000 workers, will
be £25,000,000. These losses are attributed
to the failure of nature to supply suffi
cient raw material. The English manu
facturer is totally dependent upon a cir
cumscribed area of foreign supply . and
those who provide this supply: are now
straining every nerve to consume the pro
duction at home, thus becoming form
idable competitors of England. -¦
"These competitors." says the Mercury,
"are the most formidable who could pos
sibly enter the markets of the world
against us. The remedy for the future
is the cultivation of. cotton within the
realm of Great Britain.
"At the same time a month's suspension
of buying will partially restrict the scram
ble for th<> remnants of the last crop, only
purchasable; at extremely high prices." to
come out of the pockets of the manufac
turers, but which could never be extorted
from the merchants of the distributing
side of the trade."
DAY OF GREAT ANXIETY FOR MINERS AND OPERATORS ALIKE
Constitution
Did Not
Follow Flag.
. nation's expansion.
When the first Continental Congress met in
Liberty Hall and the thirteen original Stales
declared themselves a nation the westward
limit of the country was marked by the Alle
ghany Mountains. Even during the Revolu
tionary war the work of expansion went on.
Kentucky, Tennessee and the Kreat Northwest,
then known afi the Illinois country, were con
quered from our white and Indian foes during
the Revolutionary struggle and was confirmed
to us by the treaty of peace in 17S3. Yet the
land thus confirmed was not then Riven to us.
It was held by an nllen foe until the army
under general Anthony Wayne freed Ohio from
the- red man., while the treaties of .lay and
Plnckney secured from the Spanish and .British
Natchez and Detroit.
In 1SC3, under President Jefferson, the great
est single stride In expansion that we ever took
was taken by the purchase of the Louisiana
territory. This so-called I^ouisana, which in
cluded what are now the States of Arkansas,
Past Strides
Made in
Expansion.
Missouri, Louisiana. Iowa, Minnesota, Kansas,
Nebraska, North and South Dakota. Idaho.
Montana and a large part of Colorado and
Utah, wps acquired by treaty and purchasu
unJer President, Jefferson exactly and precisely
a.s the Philippines htrVo been acquired by treaty
and purchase under President McKinley. The
doctrine of "the consent of the governed." the
doctrine previously enunciated by Jeft*er«on ' In
the Declaration of Independence, was not 'held
by him i<» by any other sane man to apply to
the Indian tribes in the Louisiana territory,
which he thus acquired, and there was not a
vote taken even of the white inhabitants, not
to speak of the negroes and Indians, as to
whf-thcr they were willing that their territory
should be annexed. The great majority of the
inhabitants, white and colored alike, were bit
terly opposed to the transfer. An armed force
of United States soldiers had to be hastily
sent into the territory to prevent insurrection,
President Jefferson sending these troops to
Louisiana for exactly the same reasons and
with cxactlv the same purpose that President
McKinley has Bent troops to the Philippines.
Jefferson distinctly stated that the Loulsianans
were "not fit or ready for self-government."
and years elnpsed before they were given self
government. Jefferson appointing the Gover
nor and other officials without any consultation
with tha inhabitants of the newly acquired ter
ritory. The doctrine that the "constitution tol
lowfed the flag" was not then even considered,
either by Jetterson or by any other serious
party leader, for it never entered their heads
that a new territory should be governed other
than in the way in which the Territories of
Ohio ard Illinois had already been governed
under Washington and the elder Adams. The
theory known by this utterly false and mlsleaa
ing phrase was only struck out In political con
troversy at a much later date, for the sole
purpose of Justifying the extension of slavery
into the Territories.
Thw parallel between what Je-fferaon did with
I^ouipiara and what is now being done In the
.Philippines is ex
act. Jefferson. Uie ?"* "~ "?
of the Dec- | A«»»«i.!i .,*:««
*laratlon of Inde- CQllStllUtlOn
pendence. and the r\»j \i x.
• 'consent of the grov- UIQ JlOt
erned" doctrine,
paw no incongruity FOllOW F13.9T.
between this and rum/mi I 103.
the establishment f 1
of a government
on common sense grounds In the new territory:
and he railed at the sticklers for an
Impossible application of his principle, Bay-
Ing, In language which at the present -day
applies to the situation In the Philippines with
out the change of a word, "though it is ac
knowledged that our new fellow-citizens are
as yet incapable of self-government as chil-
dren, yet some cannot bring themselves to sus
pend its principles for a single moment." lie
intended that ultimately self-government
should be introduced throughout the territory,
but only as the different parts became fit for it,
and no sooner. This is just the policy that has
been pursued. In no part of the Louisiana
purchase was complete self-government Intro
duced for a numtw?r of years; In one part of
it, the Indian Territory, it has not yet been In
troduced, although nearly a century ha*
elapsed. Over enormous tracts of it, including
the various Indian reservations, with a terri
tory in the aggregate as large as that of the
Philippines, tlu> constitution has never yet
"followed the flag;" tha army officer and the
civilian agent still exercise authority without
asking the "consent of the governed." We must
proceed in the Philippines with the same wise
caution, taking each successive step as It be
comes desirable, and accommodating the de
tails of our policy to the peculiar needs of the
situation. But as soon as the present revolt is
put down and order established it will un
doubtedly be possible to give ti\e islands a
larger measure of self-government than Jefter
son originally gave Louisiana.
The next great step in expansion was the ac
quisition of Florida. This was partly acquired
by conquest and partly by purchase. Andrew
Jackson being the most prominent figure in
the acquisition. It was taken under President
Monroe, the aftertlme President John Quincy
Adams being active tn securing the purchase.
Ab in the case of the Philippines. Florida was
acquired by purchase from Spain, and In Flor
ida the Seminoles, who had not been consulted
in the sale, rebelled and waged war exactly as
snine of the Tagals have rebelled and waged
war In the Philippines. The Seminole War last
ed for many years, but Presidents. Monroe,
Adams and Jackson declined for a moment to
consider the question of abandoning: Florida to
the Seminoles. or to treat their non-consent to
the Government of the United States as a valid
reason for turning over the terrlotry to them.
Our next acquisition of territory was that of
Texas, secured by treaty after It had been
wrested from the Mexicans by the Texana
themselves. The,n came the acquisition of Cali
fornia. New Mexico. Arizona, Nevada and parts
of . Colorado and Utah as the result of the
Mexican War. "supplemented five years later
by the Gadsden purchase.
The next acquisition was that of Alaska, se
cured from Russia by treaty and purchase.
Alaska was full of natives, some of whom had
advanced well beyond the stage of savagery
and were Christians. They were not consulted
about the purchase nor was their acquiescence
required. The purchase was made by the men
who had just put through a triumphant war to
restore the Union and free the slave: but none
of them deemed it necessary to push the doc
trine of the "consent of the governed" to a
ally, and of all forms of industrial combina
tions in particular, and when this public de
nunciation is accompanied by private member
ship in th<» great Corporations denounced the
effect is, of course, to give an air of insincerity
to the whole movement. Nevertheless, there
are real abuses and there is ample reason for
striving to remedy th»>ss abuses. A crude or
ill-considered eflort to remedy them would
either be absolutely without effect or else
would simply do damage.
• The first thing to do is to find out the facts,
and for this purpose publicity as to capitali
zation, profits and all else of Importance to
the public is the must useful measure. The
mere fact of this publicity would In Itself rem
edy certain evils, and as to the others it would
In some cases point out the remedies and would
at least enable us to tell whether or not certain
proposed remedies would be useful. The state
acting in, its collective capacity would .thus
lirsl tlnd out the facts and then be able to take
such measures as wisdom dictated. Much can
be done by taxation. Even more can be done
by rejrulation. by close supervision *»r.d the un
tparlng excision of all unhealthy,; destructive
and anti-social elements. The ufoarate State
governments can do a great deal, and where
they decline to co-operate the national Govern
ment mutt step in.
While laying heed to the necessity of keep
ing: our house in order at home, the American
people cannot, if
•?——————————?• they wish to retain
n-._j. ci :J~~ their self-respect,
rdSt Oirlu6S refrain from doing
,- , , tht-ir duty as a
Made in SSaSSfeSfit
Expansion. > n °i tt^Z"
*. the historv of the
COLONEL THEODORE ROOSEVELT, REPUBLICAN NOMINEE FOR VICE
PRESIDENT.
Not Making
a New
Departure.
posing the annexa
tion of the Islands,
stated: "These Isl
ands are more
than two thousand
miles distant from
em boundary.
"T" • have a serious race
problem now in our country and I am not tn
favor of adding to our domestic fabric a mon
grel population (of this character). Our consti
tution makes no provision for a colonial es
tablishment. Any territorial government we
might establish would necessarily, because of
the population, be an oligarchy, which would
have to hv supported by armed soldiers." Yet
Hawaii has now been annexed and her dele
gates have sat in the national conventions of
the two great parties. The fears then ex
pressed in relation to an "oligarchy" and
"armed soldiers" are not now seriously enter
tained by any human being; yet they are pre
cisely the objections urged against tho acqui
sition of the Philippines at this very momen'.
We are making no pew departure. We are not
taking a single step which in any way affects
our Institutions or our traditional policies.
From the beginning we have given widely va
rying degrees of self-government to th» differ
ent territories according to their needs.
The simple truth Is that there is nothing
even remotely resembllnz "imperialism" or
"militarism" Involved in the present develop
ment of that policy of expansion which has
been part -«f the- history of America from the
day when she became a nation. The words
mean absolutely nothing as applied to our pres
ent policy In the Philippines, for this policy
is or.ly Imperial istic In the sense that Jeffer
son's nolicy in law is imperialistic: only mili
tary in the sense that Jackson's policy toward
the Peminoles or Ouster's toward the Sio'ix
embodied militarism: and there is no more
dancer of its producing evil results at hope
now than there was of its Interfering with
freedom under Jefferson or JaoUson or in the
days of the Indian wars on the plains. Our
army is relatively not as large ae It was in
the days of Wayne: we have not one regular
for every 1000 Inhabitants. There is no more
danger of a draft than there is of the reintro
du^tion of slavery. . • '
When we expanded over Mexico and Cali
fornia we secured free government to these
territories and prevented their falling under the
"militarism" of a dictatorship like that of
Santa Ana or the ••Imperialism" of a real
emnire In ihe days of Maximilian. We put a
ston to imperialism In Mexico as Boon aa the
civil war closed. We made a great antl-lm
i-eriallstic stride • when we drove the Span
iards from Porto Kico and the Philippines
and thereby made rrady the ground in these
islands for that gradually increasing meas
ure of self-government for which their popu
lations are severally fitted. Cuba is beir.K
helped along the rath to Independence as
ra-ldly as her own citizens are content that
she should go. Of course the presence of
troops in the Philippines during the Tagal in
surrection has no more to jjn with militarism
or imoerialism than had tfieir rresence in the
Pakotas. Minnesota and Wyoming during the
many years which elapsed before the final out
breaks of the Sioux were definitely put down.
Tht-re is no more militarism or Imperialism
Jn earrisoninc Luzon untiV -order 13 restored
than there was Imperialism in sending . sol
diers to South Dakota in ISM during the !>gal
lala outbreak. The reasoning which justifies
our having made war against Sitting Bull also
Justified our havlnsr checked the outbreaks of
Asruinaldo and his followers, directed, aa they
were, ngainst Filipino ar.d American alike.
The onlv certain way of rendering It neces
narv for our republic to enter on a career of
"'militarism" would be to abandon the Phi!-
Ir-Tilr.es to their own tribes, and at the sane
time either to guarantee a stable Kovernrirnt
ftrr.onp these tribes or to guarantee them
ncalnst outside Interference. A far larger
army would be required to carry out any such
tk>1!ov than will be required to secure on'.er
under the American flap, while the presence
of this flat on the Islands Is really the only
no.'tibl'J security against outside aptfresslcn.
The whole argument against President McKin-
U-y's rolicy in the Philippln.es becomes abwurd
wbfti It Is conceded that we should, to quote
the language of thfi Kansas City platform,
"rive to the Philippines first a stable form
of rovernment." If they are now entitled to
Independence they are also entitled" to decide
for themselver whether their government sha'.l
be Ftable or unstable, civilized or sava«re. or
whether they shall have any covernment at
all: while it is, of course, equally evident
that under such conditions we have no rljrht
whatever to guarantee them against outside
interference any more than we have to make
such a guarantee in the case of the FSoxers
(who are merely Chinese analogies of Aguin
alilo's followers). If we have a right to es
tablish a stable government in the islands it
necessarily follows that It Is not only our
rizht but our duty to support that govern
ment until the natives gradually grow fit to
pustaln It themselves. How else will It be
stable? The minute we leave it It ceases to
be stable.
Prooerly speaking, the question Is now not
whether we shall expand, for we have already
Question Now
Is: Shall
We Contract?
conclusion so fantastic as to necessitate the
turning over of Alaska to Its original
owners-, the Indian and the Aleut. For thirty
years the United States authorities, military
and civil, exercised the- supreme authority in a
tract of land many times lancer than the Phil
ippines, in which It did not seem likelv that
there would ever be any considerable body of
white inhabitants.
Nearly thirty years pasted before the next
instance of .-xpansion occurred, which was
over In the Island of Hawaii. An effort was
made at the end of Prcstdent Harrison's ad
ministration to secure thf annexation of Ha
waii. Tho effort was unsuccessful. In a de
bate in Congress, on February 2. 1S94. one of
. j. the leaders in op-
expanded, but whether we nhall contract. Th»
I'hllir.r.Jr.es are now part of American terri
tory. To surren
der them wonld 4 __4.
be to surrender I _ 1
American terri- QUeStlOfl NOW
tory. They must, >».•-..
th"ir In own st3 ciu- We Contract ?
z.na. Our first + f
care must ne for
the people of the Islands which have come un- €
der our eusrd!ansh!r> as a result of tha most
riehteous foreign war that has been waged
within the memory of the present sreneratlon.
They must be administered In the Interests of
their Inhabitants, and that necessarily moans
that any question of personal or partisan poli
tics In their administration must be entirely
eliminated. We must continue to put at tho
head of affairs In the different Islands such
men as General Wood. Governor Allen and
Judee Taft: -and It Is a most fortunate thins
that w« aro able to Illustrate what ousrht tr»
l>e done In the way of sending officers thither
by comtins out what actually has been don<?.
Tho m'nor places In thoir administration, where
It Is Impossible to fill them by natives, rnujt
l» filed hv the strictest application of th*
mertt s.vptem. It is very important that In our
own home administration the merely minister
ial and administrative offices, where the dv.tles
are entlrtly nnn-potJtloal. shall be filled abso
luTiv without reference to partisan affiliations:
but tlMs Is many times more Important in th«>
nf-v.ly acquirorl islands. Tho merit system. Is
In It* c=!<rce as democratic as our com-nrin
school «ystem. for It simply means equal
chances ar d fair play for all.
THEOPOnn RCO^SVELT.
It must tie remembered always that trovem
inr these islands In the Interest of the ln
hub'tarts tray rot ' neressarilv be to *ovf>rri
th'm os the Inhabitants at th» moment pre
fer. T<> grant solf-Kovernrr.ent to Luzon undsr
Agi;tual<1e v.-oul<l be like granting self-sjovern
tr.tnt to an Apache reservation unrtor som<»
local chief; and this Is no more altered by th«
fact that the Filipinos fought the Spaniards
ih.-m It would be by the fact that the Ap;iche<«
!jic lone been trained and employed In tli«
United States army and have rendered signal
service therein: just a» the Pawnees did under
the atlr.ilr.lstration of President Orant: Just
as t'e StockbrHKr- Indians did in the dr\ys of
f;«Mi*T»l Washington and the friendly tribes of
th»- £ix Nations in the days of Prefidvnt Madi
son.
There are now !n the T'r.Ited States commu
nities c' Indian. 5 ? which have advanced so far
that It !m.=. been possible to emboiiv them a*
n vhr.le in our political system. a!I the mem
bers of tho tribe becoming United States citi
zens. Thrre are ofhrr communities where the
buljt of the tribe are still too wild for It to bo
iviFwlble to take such a step. There are Indi
viduals among the Apaches. Pawnees. Iroquois.
Sioux and other tribes who are now United
State? citizens and who are entitled to stand,
and do stand, on an absolute erjuality with ail
our citizens of pure white blood. 5i*n of In
dian blood are now serving In the army and
navy and in Congress and occupy htjjh posi
tions both in the business and political world.
There Is every rra?on why as rapidly as aa |
I; dlar.. or any body of Indians, becomes fit
for self-jfovernm^nt he or it should be grant? I '
the fullest equality with the whites: but there
would be no Justification whatever in treaties
fh:r. fact as a reason for abandoning the wild
trites to work out their own destruction. Ex
actlv the same reasoning applies in the ca?»
of the Philippines. Ty> turn over the islands
to Aguinaldo and hi3 followers would not t><» trt
give self-erovernrnen to the. Inlanders: under no
circumstances would the majority thu» -rain
self-povernm^nt. They would simi-ly be put at
the mercy of a syndicate- of Chinese half
breed.-?, under whom corruption would flourish
far more freely than ever it flourished under
Tweed, while tyrannical oppression would ob
tain to a decree only possible under such, an oll
rarcby. Yours trnly.
Many Precedents Are Cited
for the Present Policy
of Expansion.
OTBTER HAT. N. T., Pert. 15. 1SCO.
Hon. Edward O. Wolcott. chairman Commit
tee on Notification of Vice Frcsi'lem — Sir: I
accept the nomination as Vice President
of the United States, tendered by the Repub
lican National Convrnuon. with a very deep
e«nse ot the honor conferred upon me. and J.irt
an Infiniteiy dtejjer eense of the riutf jnij><.Tt
• nte to the whole country of securing the re
flection of J'residtnt AirKiniey. The nation's
welfare is at stake. We muFt continue ttu
r.ork which has been so well begun daring un
present ddminlctratlon. V.'e mutt show in fai<h
i n inestjable of bein«» misunderstood that the
American people, at the beginning of tlu twen
tieth centuiy. face their tlulies in a calm aii'4
tcrious tpirit: that they have no intention of
I "m-.itting felly or lawlessness to mar the ex
traordinary material well-twine which they
have attained at home, nor yet of permitting
their flag to lie dishonored a-broad.
I feel thtt the contest is by no moanF one
ir.erely between Rf'nublio-ans and Jjemoerats.
"*Ve have a right to appeal to all pood clli
z. ns who are far-s;ght»-d enougli to tee what
the honor and the Interest of the nation de
mand. To put into practice the principles ew
l.odied Jn the Kansas City platform would mean
trm dif-atter to the for that plct
f'irra stands for reaction and disorder; for an
uiw=etting of our financial lantern which would
rae*n not only great rafferiog, but <he aban
donment of the nation't good faith: snd for
& policy al>ron<i Vbtcb would lmjly the dis
honor of the flag and ui nawntttay suiTeuder
of our nttional riphis. lt.« •uocess would men?;
unspeakable humiliation to men proud of l liti.
oountrj'. Jealous of their country"* good rrfrii-*
tnd desii - f>u# of Fr-curins the welfare of tli^lr
It-Ilow citireru*. ThT'lure. we have a rieM
tc. appeal to all good men. North an1 Pnu'.h.
3'afci anJ West, whatever their jxMitlcs may
have been in the past, to stand with us. because
ti-a «tand for the prosperity of the country
»n<1 for the renown ot tite American flap.
The mcrt inii<ortar.t of all rroblems is, of
<oursc. that of fcecurir.p pood government and
moral and material
•? *¦ well-being within
BleSSed With S-eat^^^he
,, ii i j n<-ed is that the
Unpsralleled nation sho U -,d do its
. work well abroad.
Prosperity. | **&?££
4 cugh performance
>»f duty at boae.
Vnder the administration of President McKin
lejf thif country haf l>*»n biased with a de-
Kree of jiroppenty ali^oluteiy unparallel^i even
m its j>r«-vious r»royi»?rous history-. While it
is. of course, true that\ no lecif lation and no
RdTT.inistratinn tan bring success to those who
are not etout of he.art, cool of head and ready
..f hand, yet it is no le«s true that the indi
vidual capacity of each man to K*"t Bix>d ;e-
Fult» for hinisWf can be absolutely deistroypJ
by bad legitlatlon or bad acimtnii-tration, while
under the reverse conditions the power of the
individual to do pood work '.s aesure<l and stim
ulated. This is what has been done under the
ndniinisrtriition of Pr»»sld« nt McKtnley. Thanks
to his ac-tione and to the wise legislation ul
• "or.gress on the tariff and finance, the condi
tions of our li<!ustr:at life have been rendered
more favorable lh:.n ever before, and th<n
have betn t.a'.:<?n advantage of to the full by
American thrift. 'nd'Jstrj' siUiVenttrprise. Ord'r
ha." been observe:-!, the courts u| held, and the
fullest liberty secured to all citizens. The
met chant an.i manufacturer, but above all the
farmer F.nd tbe wageworker. have proflteJ by
thi6 state of things.
Kundamertally and rrimarily the present con
trst i« a contest for the contincance of V,\e
cor.Jitioni' which have toll In favor'of our ma
terial w. lfarc a^d of our civil end political
integrity. If this nation is to retain its well
bein* jr Its self-resi>e<-t. it cannot afTord to
riungc Into firjincial and economic cliac*; ir
ca!i»t»t afford to indorse governmental ttocrteri
v. hirh wouH unsettle the standard of national
honesty and destroy the integrity of our system
of Jurtict-. The policy ot the free coinage of
silver ot a ratio t,1 1« In 1 Is a rx>licv fr-iucht
GOVERNOR THEODOU!-: ROOSEVELT has commuted h's formal ar
ccptan<p of Thp It»iuWi<:an nomination for Vice President His letter
is dated ai Oyster Bay. on £-Vpu mher 35. and is directed to Senator
Edward O. Woicott or the notification committed Among the points
made by Roosevelt m his letter were the following:
I feel that this contest is by no means ono merely batween
licans and Democrats. We have a ripht to appeal to all good citizens
¦who are farsighted enough to see what the honor and interest of the
nation demand.
The policy of the frrs coinage of silver at the ratio of 16 to 1 is a
policy fraught with destruction to every homo in the land. It means
untold misery to the head of every household, and, above all, to the
tromen and children of every home.
¦When this public denunciation is CGCcrapmied by private mem
bership in the great corporations denounced the effect is, of course, to
give an air of insincerity to the whole movement
The parallel between whrt Jeffcrscn did vrith Louisiana and what is
being don; in the Philippines as exact.
We are not taking a single st:p which in any way affects our in
stitutions cr our traditional policies. From the beginning we have
given -p-id?!y varying degrees cf self-government to different territories
according to their needs.
Froprrly speaking-, the question is now not whether we shall ex
pand—for -ore have already expanded— but whether we shall contract.
The Philippines are now a part cf American territory.
To grant sslf-g-overnment to Luzon under Aguinaldo would b9
like granting stlf-government to an Apache reservation under some
local chief.
Follo-arinir is the text of Sir. Roosevelt's letter:
with destruction to every hrme in th? Ian'..
j It rr-ej.r.s untold misery to the hear! ct Cferjr
household, and. above all, !.•> th? women an.t
chiMr*:? of every homo. When our opponents
ch»mp'on free silver at 16 to 1 they are either
insinot.c or 'clKccre in their attitude. If in
sircer? ir: thc-lr <_:ianoicnsh'.;i they, of couike,
! forfeit all rirht to belief or support on ai.v
: tround if sincere, then they are a menace
I to the welfare <f the country. Whether they
i shout their sinister purpose or merely whisper
i it makes but little difference, tave as it re
| fleet* th»ir own honesty. Xo issue can he
I paramount to the issue they thus make, for
t the puru:r.ountcy of such an isMie is to oe
| determined, net by the dictum of any mar. «.r
body of men, but by the .'act that it vitally
attests the well-being of every home in th»
• land. The financial question is always of (UCb
! far-reaching and tremendous imr>ortanoe to the
i nati.-nal welfare that it can never be raised in
• pood faith unless this tremendous importance
i is not merely conceded but insisted on. Men
, :wIti are not willing to make such an issue para
! mount have no possible justification for raising
| it at all. for under each circumstances their
j act cannot, under any conceivable circum
stances, do aught but grave harm.
The success of the party representing the
; principles embodied In tile Kansas City plat
j f>rm would I ring p.bout the destruction of all
1 the conditions nfc
i essary to the con- ¦? < -
! tir.uaiice r.f cur ... , , ,, ...
prosperity, it V/cuId Unsettle
j would also unsettle
j SBSSSESi Our Whole
S25S^ST f^ Government.
vast p.n.1 delicate + «
nia<-iiinerj' r-f -ur
'. complex Industrial life. Above all. the effect
' weul-1 be ruinous to our finances. If we are to
| prosper the currency of this country nrust be
' hf>^<-'i upon the srold dollar worth 100 cents.
i The stability of our currency has been preatly
: increased by the excellent financial act passed
i by the last Centres*. But no law can secure
i our finances against the effect of unwise and
I «lisaftrous manajrfnient in the han<As of un
; friendly artminittrators. • No party can safely be
¦ entrufted with the management of our national
! affairs unless It accepts as axiomatic the truths
! recognized in all progressive countries as ea
i sential to a sound and proper system of finance.
{ In tlielr effence there tnurt be the same for all
preat ctVlUsed peoples. In different stages of
development, diffKrcnt countries face varying
economic ccr.diticns. but at every stage and
I under all circumstances the most important
I element in securing their economic well-being
j la sound I'nanw, hr.nest money. So intimate is
• the connection between industrial prosperity
J ar.;l a f.ound currency that the former Is
I .'eopBrclir.ed, nof merely by unsound finance,
I but by the very threat of unsound finance. The
; business man ami the farmer are vitally in-'
! terested in this question: but no man's inter
| e«t is so great as that cf the wageworlcer. A
j depreciated currency means Iofs and disaster
! to the business man, but it means Krim suffer
! inR to the wag-eworktr. The cariitallst will
! less much of his capital and will suffer wear
j ii.K anxiety and the loss of many comforts:
I but the wagcworkT who loses his wages must
suffer, and see hi.« wife and children suffer
for tV>e actual necersities cf life. The one ab
solutely vital need of our whole industrial sys
ii«rn is sound money.
One of the ser!o\:s problems with which we
. are confronted vrvler the conditions of our
! modern industrial civilization is that presented
• by the business combinations, which are
The problem is an exceedingly difficult one
• and the difficulty is immensely aggravated,
| both by honest but wrong-headed attacks on
) our whole industrial system in the eOort to re
• move seme of. the evils connected witli it and
| by the mischievous advice of men who i*lthtr
i th'.nk rrockedly or who advance remedies,
j knovfsc them to be ineffective, but deeming
| that they may. by darkening counsel, achieve
j for themselves a spurious reputation for wia
:' <Jom. Xo pood whatever is subserved by ind'.s.
i criminate denunciation of corporations cener-
Prospent}' of the Country
Set Forth in His Letter
of Acceptance.
ROOSVELT DECLARES THE NATION'S WELFARE
DEMANDS THE RE-ELECTION OF McKINLEY
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 17, 1900.
Would Unsettle
Our Whole
Government.
We
2
Blessed With
Unparalleled
Prosperity.
- l IJk
Purely vegetable, mild and reliable. Cans*
perfect digestion, complete absorption and
healthful rejrularity.
For the cure of all disorders of the Stomacti,
Liver. Bowels. Kidneys, Bladder. Female> Ir-
reKiilaritles. Sick Headache. Biliousness. Con-
•tlpatlon. Piles and all derangements of tha
Internal Viscera. 2S<? a box. At Druss^sts. or
bi- mall. KABWAI & CO.. New .York,
$vi3i« OR JORDAN'S s=?sat£
\m%im of wk\km
\ *—f The Lir^^'A^.v m.cai Museum in the \
JT SSrjfcj) d;sc«e p^ilVelreuradUyihaoldMt *
6 06- %C23*a- -PSTf ATE 3!S£AS£S c
j. f§S?j&M .Co.mil'Mion fre« tad stri.ti 7 piirae V
M rt * '*" turc ;n CT "y YcaiC untlirtiiien. f
&h'i' llw' n rtc tot Bnvk. Paii.O.,«l'UV*» J
jl 11 5aA ***" A '"^* MAILED ?22S. ! A ™
7 Ott. J»!!I>AS ¦& tO.. JRit ilarfcetSt-.S. F. 9
Price r> cents. All druggists, or sent post
paid on rpceipt of price. DR. PALL DK
FORD, 175 N. Spring St.. Los Anseles, Cal.
Cure For
Eye-Glasses
Which tip. nip or slip. Our new nosesriards.
They don't pinch— they hold.
Oculists' prescriptions flltpej. Factory on
premises. Quick repairing. Phone. M.t:n 10.
khotou Scientific
642 Market St. iwsTRUMtNTs
•jsdch CHROMicit Bun.otN&. Catalogue Fril
SPECIALISTS.
Diseases and Weakness of Men
. Wt> cure l>»t Munhocd and weak-
n»?« whirh accompanies It, a.l. a o
Fri»'3t<» Di=<>ase?, Vailcocele.
Stricture, Wood Poi?op. Di^eafp 1 *
of Ihp . KMn*.y«. Rlart.jl^r. ofc.
721 MARKET STREET,
¦ *J* San Francisco.
Fatl^nt? tnr»y pay when well or in
monthly Installments. Home cure?
a specialty.- Frigate book fr?* at
oTlc" or by mail. Corr*>snoncienc<»
«*onf)<1entlnl.
HOURS— r>=\l!v. s to IV. Evoninsr*.
7 to 8. Sundays, D to 11. El,B-
VATOT* ENTRANCE.
Established
i88i. Largest
Institution.
Most
Extensive
Pr.ictice.
On-uit;»tion
DR. MEYERS & CO.
ADVERTISEMENTS.Registration closes September 26. Pre
cinct . registration Saturday, September
15, and Saturday, ' September 22. Office
open at City Hall from 8:30 a. m. to 10 p.
m. dally. *- •
¦ x,
Exploding Lamp Caused Fire.
Last evening a small fire broke out In
the residence of J. H. Broshein on Van
Ness avenue. It was caused by the ex
plosion of a lamp, and was put out by
the Fire Department.
Banqueted His Company.
Captain jack Crawford, the poet scout,
closed a successful two weeks' engage
ment at the Alta Theater last night and
at the closing of the performance invited
the members of his company to a Larkln
street restaurant, where a banquet had
been arranged for them. Those present
were Miss II. Nelson, Louise Carter. Mlsq
M. Wood. Mr. and Mr3. E. W. Frost, Wal
ter Thompson, F. C. Thompson, Fred Mc-
Donald, John Abbott, C. E. Thurston
Charles Brown, Robert Southcomb, Harry
Siervert, E. Anderson, Ed Cllsbey, Willis
Marks, James S. Cannon and Captain
Jack Crawford.
MEXICAN WOMAN MnOG&DETLED.
PHOENIX, Ariz., Sept. 16.— Some time
during last Tuesday night Fermina
Ochoa, a Mexican woman about 50 years
of age, was murdered In a horrible man
ner at Yuma. Her body was found the
following morning in front of the house
where she had taken lodging the night
before. Her skull had been fractured by
a" blow on the forehead and a , piece of
cloth torn into strips and twisted into a
rope was tied around her throat so tight
ly as to produce strangulation, and there
was also a deep.knife wound in the body.
Suspicion was at once directed toward
Guillermo IJsaldo, with whom she had
been living for a long time and with
whom she had como from Fortuna the
night before. Part of his clothing was
found in her room. Evidence before the
Coroner's Jury showed that the woman
had considerable money, and it Is be
lieved Lisaldo killed her to secure this-
Usaldo is still at large, although officers
are making energetic efforts to arrest him.
A partner of Lisaldo haa been arrested.
His "coat cuff was saturated with- blood
and it is believed ho was implicated in
the killing.
Soldier Killed.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
FRESNO. Sept. 16.— John Brown, a
member of the Second Regiment of Volun
teers; was killed by a Southern Pacific
switch engine in the yards here this even
ing. Brown was dragged over seventy-five
yards and I mangled frightfully. How he
was struck is not known. The fact that
he was under the wheels was not discov
ered until the engine stopped, when his
body was seen by a brakeman. On the
dead man's body was found a certificate
entitling him to a six months' furlough
from the home for disabled volunteer sol
diers. In the cerflcate Tulare was named
as his destination during the furlough pe
riod.
F. Erickson, Janitor for the San Fran
cisco Gas, and Electric Light Company at
415 Post street, committed suicide last
night by inhaling illuminating gas. The
man had been drinking heavily for some
time, and was despondent. He took his
life i in a small room In the company's
building.
Erlckson was seen to enter the building
about 8 o'clock. ' When asked why he
came to the place so late he replied that
he had some work to do. The unfortunate
man then closed the door of his store
room, and, stretching himself out on the
floor, placed a tube leading from a gas
jet In his mouth. He was discovered an
hour later by M. Hurley, the night watch
man. Hurley at onco notified Chief En
gineer E. C. Jones and Dr. S. Newman.
Both gentlemen came to the scene and
labored hard for two hours In an attempt
to restore respiration, but were unsuc
cessful.
The body wag taken to the Morgue by
Deputies Brown and Donahue. Erlckson
was about 35 years of age, and resided
with his wife at 652 Mission street.
PLACED GAS TUBE IN
HIS MOUTH AND DIED
Frightened. Chinese.
Ed Penlngtpn, colored, created a com
motion in Chinatown last night by pok
ing a pistol under the noses of inoffensive
Chinese. He was taken Into custody by
Officers Nelson and Olsen and locked up
at the California-street police station.
The N. S. G. W. drank Rainier beer
while in San Francisco. •
Contribution to Science.
escape those Fitzslmmons' punches of the
shark."
The spectators of the flght feel that, not
only were they witnesses of a rare spec
tacle, but that they made a contribution
to science. In the latest edition of the
Encyclopedia Brltannlca Dr. Albert Gun
ther, the great ichythyologist,- in an
article on "Sharks," has the folowing to
say of Alopecias vulpes, or the thresher:
"Statements that it has been seen to at
tack whales and other large cetaceans
rest upon erroneous observations; its
dentition is much too weak to bite through
skin, although by one splash of its taii
it may put a herd of dolphins or por
poises to flight like so many hares."
Dr. Gunther had evidently heard stories
second-hand of such attacks. As Genera;
Barnes points out, the shark's attack was
not made with Its teeth as weapons. It
simply hammered at the whale, while the
swordflsh lunged with its sword.
length above the water, his white belly,
white as milk, shining in the sun as he
turned for his dive upon the back or head
of his foe. We could see him as he left
that great white column of foaming wa
ter as plainly as if it had been an alba
tross.
"The sight was beyond expression terri
fying—to see those monsters battling
there and to see the enormous power of
that thrasher to rise and turn for all
the world like a diver poised in his leap
from a springboard.
"An amazing thing was the enormous
commotion in the water. The surface was
kept churned to a foam. The battle was
most desperate. The shark must have
leaped into the air twelve or fifteen times.
The combatants were working shoreward,
in the general direction that we were sail
ing, but a^. the whale became tired and
its flight less frantic, the distance be
tween yacht and combatants increased.
Wnale Gives Up the Ghost.
"Finally we saw the whale rise and
spout again and then suddenly go down
like a foundered ship. The fight was over;
the whale had lost. The shark made one
more leap and plunged back, striking the
rolling body of the foe <i.s it sank. \
"The whale was a monster— eightv feet
in length, I should say— but he was no
match for his savage foes. I would not
have missed that battle for a thousand
dollars."
"I understand," Judge Sanderson said,
"that lighthouse keepers occasionally see
such' combats, rather close in shore, but
that seafaring men may go to sea a life
time and not be so fortunate. The shark
was apparently about thirty feet long,
the whale about eighty. They mon
sters. I should say we were within 200
yards of them. We would see a commo
tion in the water, then a foaming-, splash
ing column of water would shoot into the
air, and above it would rise the grayish
body of the shark.
"It was a running fight, and the shark
and swordflsh were driving the whale
Inshore. The wonderful ability of the
shark to throw itself out of the water
twenty feet into the air was most as
tounding-. There is no doubt that the
whale was vanquished. It turned belly
up as It rolled and sank Into the depths."
Prize Fight Not a Marker.
This is the way T. H. Williams Jr. de
scribed the combat:
"It was worth all the prize-fights I ever
saw. I'd choose it before any slugging
match that could be arranged. There was
no fakinir. that's dead sure. It was a
licht to the finish, with no'Horton law
In the way.
"General Barnes saw the shark first.
Then the whale came up and spouted.
All of a sudden, whish went the shark
clean out of the water and came down
whack on the side of the whale.
"I think we must have been 400 yards
away, but we could see the monsters
plainly. Usually we saw but eight or ten
feet of the back of the whale when he
came up to spout, rolling like a porpoise.
"The thrasher kept .right after the
whale, , and the swordflsh was evidently
making things lively from beneath. The
thrasher's head looked square-muzzled,
like the head of a hippopotamus and
seemed fire or six feet across.
"The fight lasted all of twenty minutes,
with the shark leaping into the air every
minute or two. I wanted to get in closer
and wanted the commodore to bring the
yacfit about, but a delicious clam chow
der had Just been served and the commo
dore said the soup would be spilled if we
came about. 'Damn the soup,' I- said,
'let's see the fight.' But the commodore
fwas in command and we didn't come
about. Leake and I kept pumping away
with our rifles at the shark, but we were
too far away to know whether we hit
or not.
"After about fifteen .rounds* of the
fight it was evident that tho whale was
losing interest and he seemed willing to
call it a draw. The thresher was game,
though and hung right to him. The
whale began to lumber along, not up to
his speed by any means. A dead heat
would have Battened him. But he couldn't
Am they looked the thrasher sank Into
The Battle Begins.
Fifteen times or more was this spectacle
repeated. For half an hour the battle of
the great fighter* of the ocean went on.
the churning and plunging and darting
of the monsters keeping the surface along
thrir track beaten into a foam. At in
tervals of two or three minutes, whenever
the whale showed his back out of
water, the foaming surface would sudden
ly become a maelstrom a* the ferocious
thrasher would hurtle twenty feet Into
Use air and fall upon his foe.
The J^urline, with Commodore John D.
Sprockets. General W. EL L. Barnes.
Judge A. A- Sanderson, Henry S. F*ort
rnan. J. \V. Reid, T. H. William* Jr. and
W. S. Lrake aboard, was returning from
a morning's cruise. About 1:30 o clock,
when off Bonita light, the new yacht Tra
nir,r,tar.a .'ir-p^ared and coming about gave
the I^urline a lively brush before the wind.
Harry Simpkins and a party of guests
were aboard the trim craft and the two
groups of yas-btstnen became deeply in
terested In the Impromptu race that fol
lowed. The I^urline tacked to a south of
wcrst course and the Tramontana did like- #
v.-tee. After palling probably two miles
r<r. that tack both yachts came about and
started In for a rim to the gate before
ihe wind.
Just then General Barnes on t*ie L»ur
line saw a grayisji object rise halfway
from the wa.ter several hundred yards
ir r >m the etern of the vessel and some*
What nearer the Tramontana.
k"l>jok at that whale," he shouted, but
'^¦mn one else cald it was too small for a
whHl* and another of the yachtsmen of
lonpest experience at sea. saw the fellow's
fins and pronounced It a thrasher,, or fox
ehaxk. the whale's deadliest enemy.
cjp MONSTER whale fought a desper- I
// \\ a!<- battle for his life against a
Jj giant thrasher and a swordnsh
jresterday afternoon ju^t outside
th<= beads. The torriiic conflict was wit-
DCSsed by pleasure seekers aboard the
yiichts Lurlino and Tramontana and a
half-rater and by the crew of a lumber
?hoontr pouthward bound. It was a bat*
tie to ihr- death, and th<? great whale,
pummfled by the thrasher and stabbed by
the Btrcrdflsb. was finally vanquished.
Aft< r an hour of alternate combat
and fight from his relentless foes, the le
vjathaii blundered to tho surface, throw a
fountain of Bprajr dyed with his life- blood
high Into Tho air and sunk as a ship sinks
•wh'-n the hold has filled.
TIk- witnesses of this rare sight agree
that it was the- most awe-inspiring spec
tacle ever beheld by thorn. Though the
Ftory of such combats Is familiar to every
seafaring man. many an old salt sails
th*> soas a lif^timo and if n^ver titt- fortu
nstr spec-tutor of a. duel between these he
re<iitary enemies.
The mon*ten of the deep churned the
water into a boiling, foaming whirlpool.
The whale plowed , his way along with
the energy of desperation and tho resist
less force of his huge frame. In his ef
forts to escape the persistent and vicious
attacks of the fox-shark, he would try to
sound, only to be forced back to the sur
face by the thrusts of the swordfish from
below. Every time he came up the great
mammal would send skyward a fountain
cf silvers* spray. • That same instant a
column of water would be suddenly
thrown upward, as if by ah explosion be
neath the surface, and in that column
¦would appear the gray body of the
thrasher or fox-shark, spreading its two
huge, wing-like fins. The thrasher
would turn in the air like a diver and fall
muzzle first upon the whale and the two
would eink beneath the surface together.
Fought Half an Hour.
the water again and a short distance
from Where it disappeared a great whale
suddenly came rushinj? to the surface anrl
spouted. As the back of the monster was
disappearing again a column of water
was thrown into the air a distance of
twelve or fifteen feet and the amazed
spectators saw the great, square-nozed,
long-fmnt-d thrasher poised in the air for
a mornr-nt. Then it turned with a down
ward curve and fell head first upon the
back of the whale.
The battle was on. Whether it had
tieen in progress fjr some time the
yachtsmen, of course, are unable to say,
though they are inclined to think thai
they saw the beginning. Thp second timo
the thrasher appeared on the surface it
was close under tho bow of a lumber
schooner, whose crew bad not yet sighted
thecombattants. Later on they wore equal
ly, mtprf.stpd with the yachtsmen in the
aquatic combat. Somewhat later a small
sailboat ran close in to the maddened
Kiants and those aboard it saw a part of
the struggle at a distance of 200 feet.'
On board the yachts the spectators
watched with intense Interest, their sport
inp: blood stirred to tho tingling point.
And yt't it wjis moro than that. They
watched 'with feelings of awe, as if they
looked upon sf>ir.<? convulsion of nature.
The sense of awful power embodied in
the pl'inpfs of the whale and the leaps
and headlong dives of the thrasher was
overwhelming. That feeling in the hearts
of the yachtsmen was not lessened by the
knowledge of what their fate would be
should the giants dash against their ves
sel in their blind rage.
Such catastrophe did not happen, how
ever, and the whale began to show the
effects of the thrasher's terrible hammer
ing. Its final struggle and sudden sink
ing-, an Inert, rolling: mass, was not the
least awe-inspiring of the features of the
battle.
No Fish Story This Time
"The battle was certainly awful," Gen
eral Barnes said last evening. "I had
vowed to say nothing about it for publi
cation. If I alone had seen it I would
never have mentioned it even to my most
intimate friends. They would have said
it was a flsh story too wild to be any
thing but purely a creation of an over
fitimulated imagination. But witnesses
were numerous. It was before luncheon,
too, and no man's powers of observation
were at all clouded or stimulated.
"We had just' come about after the tack
south of west, and were probably three
and a half mllos off Point Bonita light.
We were loading the Tramontana, which
¦was to the north of us. when I saw a sort
of gray column rise from the water at a
point probably 300 or 400 yards back of us
and a. little north, so that it was rather
nearer to Simpkins' yacht. The object
poised perpendicularly. like a huge
stumpy post sticking up out of the water.
"I thought It was a whale., but its fins
tht-n protruded above water, and Commo
dore Sprocktls recognized it as a thrasher
shark. It sank bark into the water and
as we looked a monster whale came rush
ing to the surface as if in desperate
IMght. and throw a silvery spray high up
into the air.
"Suddenly we paw a column of water
rise, exactly as if there had been a sub
marine explosion. Out of that column of
water there rose a huge body, certainly
twenty feet in length nt the very least,
with RTeat flns spread out like* wings.
That monster rose out of the water
twenty feot if an inch. It was the most
stupendously surprising thing I ever saw.
Then the great thing turned with the
grace of a diver and came down
with its square, hammor-like head
first, upon the back of the hunted whale,
and both disappeared.
"When the whale appeared a^ain it was
•vidcrit that there was trouble for It be
low, and presently we saw what was
causing it. A swordfish. missing Its mark
as it lunged upward at the whale, showed
half above the water and then sank back
horizontally.
"The whale came up and spouted again
and then up Phot Mr. Thrasher a second
time, shrouded as he came with the col
umn of water churned into a foam by his
great fins and tall, and then showing: full
THRASHER LEAPING FROM THE WATER TO STRIKE THE LEVIATHAN 'WHILE JHE SWORDFISH ATTACKS IT FROM BENEATH.
TUTORS FIRST
ELECTED WILL
BE REASSIGNED
Priority of Service to
Govern in Their
Promotion.
Chairman Mark Says That
Favorable Reports Are
Potent Factors.
"It will be our earnest desire." said
Chairman Mark, "to observe the prlorty
of service plan in the promotion of teach
ers. We, however, reserve to ourselves
the right to determine the efficiency of
the teacher to be selected for a. particular
vacancy."
According to Chairman Mark. It Is pos
sible a few of the teachers on the substi
tute list will be overlooked when further
appointments are made or. account of un
favorable reports made by principals and
by reason of their recognized inefficiency.
In that case the teachers on the day un
assigned list will be drawn upon to re
place the substitutes nromoted to vacan
cies. Mr. Mark says the board will then
be able to select some of the new material
In the pedagogical line. The unassigned
list now consists of the following named:
Name — Date of Appointment.
Misa E. O. Sullivan January 12, mi
Misa J. McDonald January 26. 1S;mJ
Miss M. F. Mooney January 2«. 1S!><?
Miss E Hawkins . January 15. tSOS
Miss M. Xolan, February 23, ISO*
Miss M. A. Vv'rtght February 23, 1S3S
Miss R. Stack February 23, 1S33
Miss E. Cleary February 23. ISM
Miss A. Murphy February 23. ISO*
Mi*s M. A. Owen July 27. 1S9?
Miss F. Barrlngtoa July 27. ISM
Miss B. Millhone Jnly 27. 1JM
Miss E. Holmes July 27. ISM
Miss M. Liner July 27. ISO*
Miss I. Hprnlngway July 27. IS!*?
Miss A. E. Bryant ...July 27. 1S3*
Miss N. ETb July 27. ISM
Miss A. Thomaa - July 27. ISM
Miss F. Fenton .'. July 27, ISM
Miss A. G. Griffith July 27. ISM
Miss R. Cassasaa July 27. 1S91
Miss E. Crookham April 10. ISM
Mrs I. I>. Ostrom ..April 10. ISM
Misa M McCarthy April 10, 1W
MIssL. B. Rlddell April 19. 1S9<?
Mi?s R. F. Lewis Peptemben.14. 1SW
Miss M. Conroy September 1». 1S9S
Miss A. E. Little October. 1SS1
Miss A. A. Lmffy August Vj. 18S»
Mies F. Davis 1*3"*
Min M. A. Rollins October. 1S73
MUs j. Frank December 23. lsW
Mrs. I. D. Reeves February 10, 1X97
Mus U. OConnell June 9. 1S97
Mrs. M. K. Miel July IS. 1S3T
Mi?s M. O. O'Krien August 11, 1331
MUs V. CassUly August 11, 1^7
Mi«s M. Dowllng September 1, Uj7
This list has been reduced by three
teachers. Miss Wade was assigned to tha
Hancock Grammar School, Miss A. A.
Duft'y will go to the Pea body Primary anil
Miss Rollins to the Bernai Heights, whero
new classes have been ordered. While
there are four teachers who precede Miss
Wade, Miss Duffy and Miss Rollins in the
chronological order, the latter were ap
pointed because of requests made by the
principals of the respective- schools. The
teachers whose appointments were of ear
lier dates are Miss M. A. Harrigan. Sep
tember 12, 1S71; Mrs. J. D. Cooper, April
1S7S- Mrs. Newhall. September IS, 1S73;
Miss Little, October. 1SS1. but they havins
received no favorable reports from prin
cipals must await their turn on the next
batch of appointments.
The announcement made by Chairman
Mark Saturday and published In yester
day's Call that the chronological order of
the original appointment of teachers
would govern in their re-assignment to
the new classes that will be formed haa
caused general rejoicing among the peda
gogues who were removed from duty ow
ing to the recent consolidations. When
Mr. Mark was seen last night he qualified
hi3 assertion by saying that the priority
of service system would be adhered- to in
all cases whero the needs of the school
and the combined opinion of the board and
and principals warranted the appointment
of such teacher as might be next on the
eligible list*. In the opening up of
additional classes in the schools
the board believes that at least ten addi
tional teachers, and possibly more, will
be necessary. In that event the teachers
on the substitute list will all be assigned
soon to regular classes. This list as oris
inally constituted is composed of the fol
lowing teachers who were consolidated
out of various schools:
Same — Data of Appointment!
Miss L. M. Wade July 30. 1&>*
Mrs. S. Holmes November 7, 1SS»
AIiss M. liallie *¦•.: June 9. 1537
Miss L.. Smithson : Septembers, vm
Miss M. A. Harrlgan September 12. l>.l
Miss tt. Oambitz -V January C ls»<J
Mids Genevieve Carroll June 9. 1S3.
Misa M. C. McKlnney ...November T. BSJ
Mrs. J. D. Cooper... April. 1S7S
Mrs. C. Newhall September !>.. 1>.J
Yachtsmen Sailing. Off Point
Borxita Light Witness a Gorrv
bat to tKe Deatk BetWeen
Jhree Monsters of the Deep.
WHALE IN JERRIFIC BATTLE WITH
FIERCE THRASHER AND SWORDFISH
He Fires Three Shots, One of Which
He Believes Struck an •
Assailant.
J. S. Marston, a well-known member of
the Harbor police force, came near meet
ing death at the hands of ruffians early
yesterday morning. He was treated at
the Harbor Hospital by Dr. Victor E.
Putnam for concussion of the brain and !
severe abrasions of the body and back, j
Marston was patroling his beat on Steu
art street, and when on the corner of
Mission street at 3 a. m. he saw a man
coming along with a sack on his shoulder.
The policeman accosted him and the man
ran as if for his life. Marston ran after
him.
The policeman was just in the act of
grabbing the fugitive when two more men
appeared on the scene. One of them hit
Marston over the head with a rope's end
and then all three of the rogues jumped
onto the police officer. He was kicked in
the ribs and face, rolled over and beaten
with their fists.
Before losing consciousness Marston
pulled his pistol and fired three shots.
He thinks he hit one of the men. as he
heard some one exclaim, "My God, I'm
shot."
The men ran away when the policeman
shot at them, and half an hour later
Marston was found on the sidewalk and
taken to the Harbor Hospital. Later in
the morning he was removed to his home
on First avenue, near Clement Btreet,
where he is now doing well.
Last evening Detective O'Dea and Po
lice Officers Sullivan and Donovan arrest
ed Bernard Smith, a young man, on sus
picion, of being one of the men who as
saulted Marston. When arrested Smith
had in his possession a sack containing a
number of feet of chain, which ' he is
supposed to have stolen. Smith resembles
In every particular one of the men who
assaulted the policeman. He will be held
until the latter has a chance to look at
him.
Special Dispatch to The Call,
SEATTL.E, Wash., Sept. 16.— In one of
the darkest corners of Gloomy Black
Chapel, in the lower part of town, was
fought a pitched battle about 3:30 this
morning between Police Officer Fred A.
Ribbach and three armed and desperate
law-breakers. As a result Edward Morse,
alias Edward Moore, alias Jack Baker a
former Minnesota shingle weaver, who
went to Nome and there wandered from
the paths of honesty, lies in the Morgue
with a bullet through his heart, and Jack
MansHeld; alias Jack Dougherty, another
of the gang, occupies a cell in the city
jail. Harry Austin, the third man, was
wounded in the arm and captured through
information gained from a surgeon to
whom he applied for treatment. A fourth
man was seen with the gang during the
evening, but he cannot be found.
Officer Ribbach. who fought until his
revolver was empty, sending the last shot
into Morse's heart, escaped without in-
Al though less than three blocks from the
police station, many crimes have been
committed in that neighborhood. A va
cant lot lies between a saloon and a Cm
nese store. Across the front of the lot
is a high billboard. There are no alleys
entering the block and no way in which
light from the street can penetrate it, and
in this black hole Ribbach faced and
fought three desperate men.
The three and their companion, who
was not mixed in the melee, had been
seen prowling around that neighborhood
for several hours. The owner of the Chi
nese store complained to Ribbach that
they were trying to enter one of his
windows. 'me policeman kept close
watch, and about 3 o'clock saw the three
men going into the lot through a small
door in the billboard. He followed with
out hesitation, and as soon as his eyes
became somewhat accustomed to the
darkness distinguished the forms of the
men. He at once accosted them and de
manded to know thoir business. Receiv
ing an insulting reply from one of them,
he attempted to seize him, but the man,
who proved to be Morse, grappled with
the olticer. After a short struggle Morse
broke away, taking refuge behind a wag
on, which stood in the lot. As the officer
followed Morse drew his revolver and
fired almost directly in Ribbach's face,
at the same time running to the other
side of the wagon. The officer at once
returned the lire and across the wagon a
fusillade was kept up, in which one of
Morse's companions joined. •*'
The sound of the tiring brought other
officers hastily to the scene, and upon
their approach two of the desperadoes
took to their heels. Just at this moment
Ribbach with the last shot in his gun
killed Morse and turned to pursue the
others. He succeeded in capturing Mans
fleld. but the other man got away.
But little is known of Morse by the lo
cal police, save that during his stay here
he has been regarded as a suspicious
character. He is said to have come out
from Minnesota about a year ago and
joined the rush to Nome. He returned
from the northern camp within the last
month. Ho ¦was about 37 years old.
Mansfield, who is a younger man, re
fuses to talk. He has a bad record with
the police, having been arrested for va
grancy several times and under surveil
lance as a suspect for other offenses.
Austin, who is IS years of age, con
fesses to the criminal intent of himself
and Morse, but seeks to exonerate Mans
field. He says Morse learned that the
Chinese merchant, whose place they were
trying to enter, had just sold a big lot of
opium and had the money concealed
about the store.
POLICEMAN MARSTON
SET UPON BY RUFFIANS
Fusillade in Seattle
as Result of Attempt to
Rob Chinese Store.
Succeeds in Killing
One and Wounding
Another.
POLICE OFFICER
BATTLES WITH
THREE CROOKS
There was a hot contest at the Califor
nia Tennis Club grounds yesterday.
Racquets were not used, but enough noise
anjd excitement was engendered to satisfy
the most ardent lover of such things.
Robert Whitney, brother of the cham
pion, and a tennis expert of no mean abil
ity himself,* brought on what proved" the
sensation of the day.
Robert struck H. W. 'Crowell on the
face with his clenched fist and the lat
ter, disregarding the rules of the peaceful
game, returned the play with interest. No
net separated the contestants, so that
every blow landed inside the court. Thfi
game started by Mr. Whitney accusing
Mr. Crowell of being a pervtrrer of
truth and no gentleman. . Mr. Crowe li
could not permit this assertion to go i.n
challengetl before the large gathering
present, so he denied the allegation. Ht
threw off his coat and the game went on.
He served a right swing to Mr. Whitney
and was entitled to 15 love, according to
the rules of the game, but Robtrt re
turned the play and landed on the jaw.
making it 15 all and very weary for Cro
well. The latter came back with an over
hand stroke, which was cleverly lobbed
by Whitney. Crowell served again and
this time his fist landed on Whitney's eat
ing department and the score stood 30— 1Z
in Crowell's favor. Robert side-steppea
round the court for a few seconds and
with a straight drive caught Crowell ou
the ear, evening the score with 30 all.
Gore began to flow and the spectators be
came too interested to interfere.
George Whitney, who was scoring the
game, forgot himself for the nonce and
began to advise Crowell how to defeat
brother Bob. Play being resumed, Cro
well returned a volley and sent a cork
screw left to Whitney's unprotected court
and the score stood 40 — Co. The game be
gan to be fast and furious. Both men
led time and again and fell short and
then Whitney, with a move that would
have made Sharkey happy, landed flush
on Crowell's pearly teeth and the game
was deuce. There was vantage on one
side and then the other and when the
game was called both players in this fistic
comedy resembled men who had been
pulled through a threshing machine. They
were covered with gore and dust and
their clothes presented a very dilapidated
appearance. Spectators prevented a re
newal of the game, but a challenge for a
return contest was made and accepted on
the spot.
The match was brought about through
Robert Whitney's criticism of W. D. Col
lier, H. W. Crowell and his brother,
George F. Whitney. The three last named
were members of the committee which ar
ranged the tennis tournamnt held at Del'
Monte last week. In former years the
hotel management has contributed $250
for prizes as an inducement to the racquet
wielders to play their championship
games on the ground of the hostelry.
This year but $60 was contributed by the
hotel people, but the latter agTeed to pay
the railroad expenses of the committee
and board its members free during the
tournament. This offer was evidently ac
cepted and did not meet with the approval
of impetuous Robert Whitney. During
the contests at the local court yesterday
Robert indiscreetly made audible com
ments, which, in addition to an article
which he contributed on the subject to a
local newspaper, fanned the flames in the
breasts of Brother Georg-e and Air.
Crowell. The latter took up the quftrrel
and within a few minutes hot words were
being hurled across the court with greater
speed than a tennis ball manipulated by
racquets In the hands of experts. When,
the lie was passed Crowell made a Jump
for Whitney and the battle ensued.
It is thought that Mr. Collier, who was
included In the criticisms hurled by the
Impassioned Robert, and who plays a
clever game with his fists, -will challenge
Whitney to a set or setto. The outcome
of this match hajf aroused more interest
than a championship contest between
Champion George Whitney and one of the
Hardys. ¦ .
Tennis Experts Played a Hot
Game With Fists at
Local Courts.
Robert Whitney Hit H.
W. Crowell on
-
the Jaw.
RIGHT SWINGS
WERE SERVED
OVER THE NET
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, v SEPTEMBER 17, 1900.
Register! Register!
3
Our carpet department is quite
as £ood a shopping place as
the furniture part of the store.
750 Mission St., San Francisco.
6/$Zl&&lfaC&/*Z&
Is essential to the weak and ill, and equally
beneficial to the well. The fact that the An-
heuser-Busch Brewing- Ass'n prepares it is a
guarantee of Its merit. Sold by all druggists.
A B A
a HE above shows very faithfully as to de-
SL sign the new ladies' combination desk
we are selling this week. It is of quar-
tered oak, golden finish — a handsome combi-
nation of desk and book case. Always useful,
always ornamental. As low a figure as $9.50
has probably never before been quoted for
such a bit of furniture. It is only one of a hun-
dred of our 750 Mission-street b'argains. We
make a profit on it, too.
$9.50
Here is one of the
new desk styles
we are showing.
$9,50Second Member— Yes. He told me ne
intended making prohibition speeches in
Kentucky this fall.- Philadelphia in
quirer. . eS^h
First Member— Has tne last brother who
drew the black bean decided on his
method of leaving the world?
AT THE SUICIDE CLUB.
Public . opinion is fast receiving its vindication.
Even the School Board is beginning to realize a
sense of its own delinquencies. • ¦.
According to the census returns the population of
Lincoln, Neb., has fallen off over 27 per cent, so it
is clear Bryan's talk drives away more than it at
tracts. .
The people of San Francisco have reason to con
gratulate themselves. Our local colony of pugs has
become so thoroughly disreputable that its members
despise themselves and threaten an exodus.
The vote in Maine and Vermont may have' been
apathetic, but it was enough. A similar vote in the
rest of the country in November will make the
Bryanites apathetic for four years to come.
Count von Waldersee was quite right in taking a
house along with him to China, for it looks as if the
tangle there would last long enough to require him
to adopt the place as a permanent residence.
There is a growing belief that ' Olney is following
Bryan this year only with the idea of keeping near
enough to the head of the procession to get the
Democratic nomination himself four years from now.
Bryan is not howling for free silver this year, nor
jumping on the Supreme Court, nor ripping up the
trusts. It appears that when he determined to make
a masquerade of this campaign he not only put an
anti-imperial -mask over his face, but changed his
voice to suit the frolic.
"Oh, no. Uncle Jerry- Oh, 'Uncle Jerry,
when I grow up le's me an' you have a
horse an' wagon an' peddle tinware out
in th' country." ,'¦<• .
.""Well, little Emily, I suppose you want
to be a society leader when you grow
up?"
HER INEXPENSIVE AMBITION.
Ho carefully prepared the tmall car
den plot, while his wife, deeply interest
ed in his labor, stood watching him. After
he had put in the seeds and smoothed
over the bed his -wife took hia arm to
accompany him to the house, and on tha
way she asked:
"When will the seeds com© op, JohnT*
Laying his hand caressingly oa her
shoulder, the smart man said:
"I aon't expect them to come tip at
all, my dear."
"You don't!" she exclaimed. "Then why
have you gone to all that trouble?"
With a smile that springs from superior
knowledge he answered.
"The seed3 won't come up. but the
plants and flowers will by and by."
. Yet he was wrong, for his neighbor's
hen got into his garden and the seeds did
come up. — Collier's Weekly.
SERVED HIM RIGHT.
. -C. A. CLINTON. M. D.
San Francisco, September 16.
Editor Call— A scene was enacted in
Judge Carroll Cook's court last Friday
afternoon which I believe to be without
parallel in the judicial history of this or
any other civilized country, and which
every lover of justice and fair play In San
Francisco will pray may never be repeat
ed within the limits of our fair city.
It was a scene that ought to brtng tho
blush of shame to the cheek of every just
man and woman in this city. It is doubt
ful if such an outrage would be tolerated
anywhere in the dominions of the Czar of
Kussia, the Sultan of Turkey or the Snah
of l'ersla.
A woman, a citizen of this free city, who
has bt-tn confined to her bed for tne last
three montns by severe illness, and wno
was, a wcck ago, stricken witn paralysis
involving half ner body, was compenea by
order 01 judge Cook to attend ms courc
to oe arraigned upon a lengthy indict
ment, aespite the tact that tnree repu
tabieanu uistinguished physicians hadcer
uned to her ntipiess condition and to the
fiangtr ot compelling her attendance in
court under the circumstances.
Une cruel order was carried out by three
L>t?puty sheritis. who lifted the unfortun
ate woman, sick almost unto death, from
her bed at the Palace Hotel and earned
her into the courtroom. \ ¦
It is not for me to pass judgement upon
the ease of this lady whom, as I under
stand, the law presumes to be innocent
until she is proved to be guilty, but I am
decidedly of the opinion mat the ends of
justice neither demand nor justity the
cruel and unseemly haste insisted upon In
this matter.
She is my patient and I feel that I
would be derelict in my duty to her as
rny patient and recreant to every senti
ment of humanity if I did not enter my
earnest protest against such a barbarous
proceeding.
From my point of view the conduct of
Judge Cook in the matter was absolutely
inexcusable and wholly unjustifiable, and
if the unhappy woman had died under the
cruel ordeal to which he subjected her he
would have been morally, and I believe
legally, responsible for her death.
In conclusion I wish to say that^Mrs^
Craven-Fair has not sought '^refuge from
the law under the plea- of Insanity." On
the contrary she has been anxious to ap
pear in court. and answer the charge of
perjury -which she denounces as false and
infamous. Her inability owing to sick
ness to so appear and answer has great
ly annoyed and worried her.
JUDGE COOK
and
MRS. CRAVEN.
DOMESTIC TR^DE.
nAD it not been for the cyclone along the Gulf
and the threatened coal-miners' strike the com
mercial situation last week would have worn a
rosy aspect. The former cut down the receipts of
the Southern railroads immensely and did more or
less damage to cotton, and the latter served to render
Eastern capital more or less timid as to its opera
tions in the near future. Otherwise trade reports
were better than for tome time. Orders for iron and
steel were reported increasing, a number of steel
mills announced a speedy resumption of work and
i! c Michigan car plant and the Deering Harvester
Works started up again after nearly two months of
idleness. Jobbers and retailers, in the West and
South reported 3 better distribution of goods. In
New England the boot and shoe trade showed signs
of recovery from the lassitude of the past several
months, new orders being received and idle factories
starting up again, though shipments from Boston
continued light.
Cotton was the liveliest staple of the week. Closing
prices of the preceding week wire the highest for
ten years, but the Gulf cyclone gave the market a
further impetus and it advanced by bounds, the rise
in the raw cotton causing a corresponding advance in
the manufactured goods. Prospects for large profits
to cotton-planters are stimulating all lines of trade in
the South, especially as -the .English spinners are
seriously short of .supplies and the more sanguine
bulls are even predicting a famine in cotton before the
close of the season. Wool, however, continues weak,
with a disappointing demand for woolen goods.
In most food products the tendency is upward.
Supar is advancing right along, bacon is higher and
coffee v]io»s more tone. The other leading food
Maples show less change.
The bank clearings of the past week broke the
monotonous record of a 16 per cent loss, which has
prevailed for son:e time, by dropping to 22 per cent
below 1899, though some oi the largest chits, such as
Chicago, St. Louis, etc., which have steadily lost for
month?, veered around and exhibited a gain. New
York and Boston continue to lag behind last % year.
The failures for the week numbered 195, against 149
for the same week in 1899.
Apathy still prevails in Wall street. The market
-holly given over to the professionals, who are
t.'rrvous over the threatened coal strike and dis
inclined to risk their precious dollars until they see
v.hich way the cr.t is going to jump. London is also
looking cross-eyed at the strike and that bourse, too,
is rcpo-'ed dull and featureless.
In San Francisco there is not much new to report.
Steady orders for all sorts of things for Alaskan and
Government account preserve this market from
even the semblance of dullness and the local whole
salers report themselves very well satisfied with the
state of trade. It has been a very good summer here
and the fall bids fair to turn out equally brisk. Specu
lation on the different financial and commercial ex
changes continues dull, but the movement of actual
merchandise is and has been good. There are no
failures sufficiently large to excite comment, the sup
ply of money is ample for all necessitites and collec
tions are as easy as they ever arc. As a rule farm
produce h bringing good prices, though the fruit men
sre not doing as well as they did last year, owing
chiefly to the small size of the fruit, which affects
prices. In this respect the fruit crop of the State has
been somewhat of a disappointment, as The Call pre
dicted as far hack as last spring, when the most
rxagarerr.ted estimates of the State's yield were scat
tered broadcast all over the United States, to the great
::i;ury of the markets. It is bad business policy to
proclaim enormous crops to the world, for it invari
ably causes Eastern ar.d foreign buyers to expect low
prices in consequence and to reduce their bids ac
cordingly. Still, this ie what California has been sys
tematically doinc for years-
THE VAAL RIVER COLONY.
WITH the fligbt of Kruger to Portuguese terri
tory the last fragment of the South African re
public ends. Botha and Dewet and certain
minor leaders may struggle in arms for a time, but
they do not even pretend to constitute a government,
and their struggles will not be counted as war. The
Transvaal republic has passed out of existence, and in
place of it is the British province known as "Va;il
River Colony."
The event in South Africa will doubtless hi
promptly follpwed by v dissolution of Parliament and
a call for the election of a new one. The Salisbury
Ministry has been successful in war. and the time is
therefore favorable for making an appeal to the coun
try. Moreover, it will be good statesmanship as well
as good party politics to have a new Parliament at
this time. The present Parliament is nearly at the
i-.nd of its term, and is therefore unfitted to undertake
a work which will of necessity cover a long series of
years, and such a work will be that of reconstructing
South Africa. Naturally, before entering, upon the
work. Salisbury will ?ppeal to the country and ask a
new lease of power.
The elections will at once raise an issue concerning
the policy to be pursued in the conquered country.
Many of the British Liberals have been opposed to the
annexation of the two. South African republics, but
the annexation is now accomplished and the Liberals
will have to devise some other ground upon which to
The Spanish Premier, Senor Sllvela. Is
confronted with a very difficult problem
to reorganize the remnant of the navy.
He has, however, undertaken to act as
The new royal yacht Victoria and Albert
has passed through two of her stipulated
trials of forty-eignt hours at sea with sat
isfactory results. The first was under
one-half power, which gave- 6142 horse
power and a speed of 16.3 knots with a coal
consumption of 1.94 pounds. The second
trial, also of forty-eight hours, developed
7625 horsepower and an average speed of
18.3 knots, the coal consumption being
again 1.&4 pounds as on the first trial. The
yacht was to start on August 25 for her.
final trial of eight hours under full power,
during which she is expected to mak,e
twenty knots with 11,000 horsepower. The
vessel is down, to her load draught and
displaces 4700 tons.
The Russian cruiser Novik was launched
at Elbing August 15. She is intended to
be the fastest war vessel of her type and
size in the world, and being fitted with
triple screws and engines of 18,000 horse-'
power she is likely to attain such a speed
on a displacement of only 3000 tons. She
is 347 feet 10 inches in length and 40
feot beam. Her coal capacity is 500 tons,
sufficient for 6000 miles at ten knots, and
her armament consists of six 6-lnch and
six 4.7-inch rapid-fire g'una, besides
smaller machine 'guns.
The joint Invention of Degraz and Bal
thazar, two French engineers, is of the
greatest value to submarine craft and is
claimed to do all that the inventors prom
ised as far back as February, 1S99. They
make use of dioxide of sodium, which,
under the action of water becomes oxy
gen and soda. The latter Is then utilized
to absorb the carbonic acid of the vitiated
air, thus keeping the supply of oxygen
pure. ___
Psilander, Swedish torpedo cruiser, had
her official trial last month at Stockholm
and made a speed of 20.5 knots with 4500
horsepower. The vessel is of 800 tons and
is fitted, like all the latest vessels in the
Swedish navy, with Yarrow watertube
boilers. A sister ship will shortly be fin
ished and four small armored I vessels of
3650 tons and 5000 horsepower are under
construction in Swedish yards.
Wireless telegraphy is being established
along the coast of England. The old
armored- cruiser Minotaur, located at
Portsmouth, is having a mast built 180
feet in height. Five other masts of 150
feet are to be placed on as many head
lands between and including Dover and
the Scllly Islands.
Ansaldo, the noted shipbuilder at Genoa,
has sold two twenty-six knot torpedo
boats to Turkey for $334,400. The boats
were built for the Italian navy, but the
straightened condition of that country's
finances permitted the sale of the boats
she was unable to pay for.
The British cruiser Isis, 5600 tons, aver
aged I6V2 knots speed on her voyage from
the Mediterranean to Hongkong. She is
fitted with the old type (Scotch boilers)
which Mr. Allen is pure to make a note of,
to confuse the advocates of watortube
boilers.
Krupp. fhe great gunmaker at Essen,
has received a large order for guns for
the Turkish navy.
THE WORLD'S WARSHIPS
Minister of Marine and one of his first
acts was to strike off the list and order
the sale of no less than fifty vessels. Most
of these condemned ships were antiquated,
but there were also some new, notably the
cruiser Lepanto of 4S26 tons, launched in
1SS2 and credited with a speed of twenty
knots. The boilers of nearly all the ships
which remain on the active list are in a
bad state, those of the armored cruiser
Carlos V. launched in 1S35. and the Pe
layo's, put in only two years ago, require
renewal. The sum of $4,600,000 was voted
for the personnel of officers, 4500 seamen
and 3500 marines, but most of the money
goes to maintain the dockyards at Ferrol,
Cadiz and Carthagena. and the Admiralty,
which swarms with officers of high rank,
tenor Suveia is confronted with the dilem
ma of permitting things to go on as usual
or to ask the Cortes to reorganize the
naval service to reform abuses and abol
ish sinecures.
31. C. Gorgas and wjfe and G. C. Sweet.
U. S. N., came down from Mare Island
yesterday and registered at the Occi
dental.
K. L. Conger of Pasadena, a brother ot
United States Minister Conger. Is regis
tered at the Palace with his wife and son.
John W. Xlchols, son ot Right Rev.
Bishop Nichols of California, is registered
at the Occidental from San Mateo.
State Bank Commissioner A. "W. Barrett
arrived from Los Angeles yesterday and
is staying at tho California.
W. J. T. Orr, a prominent resident ot
Santa Rosa. Is at tho Lick, accompanied
by his wife.
A. McKinney and P. J. Dunham, two
"prominent New Yorit merchants, are
guests at the Palace.
P. II. Molse. a merchant of San Luis
Obispo, Is staying at tho Grand for a few
days. n
Dr. II. L. Pace o£ Tulaxa Is at the
Palace. .
H. A. Schulz. a well-known rancher of
Portervllle. Is registered at the Grand,
PERSONAL MENTION.
F ROM bad to worse is the record of the reports
j that follow one another from Texas. The first
wild dispatches after the storm estimated the
number of dead at 2000. then came the Mayor's esti
mate, made after three clays of examination of the
wreck, that the number would reach 5000; now th2
reports intimate that while the total list of the dead
will never be known, it will not fall short of Sooo and
may reach 10,000.
Another sad feature of the later reports is the reve
lation that the destructive force of the hurricane was
almost as dreadful in its effects in the districts ajound
Galveston as in the city itself. From the smaller
towns and the villages and from the plantations come
story after story of death- and disaster and appeal
aj'jcr ?pfcal for help, for food, for medicine and for
money. When all i> known it will probably he found
that in loss of life this has been the most appalling
calamity that ever befell the United States and that
in loss of money it will be inferior only to the fires
that swept Chicago and Boston. .
One of the dread evils of the situation in Galves
ton is the fear of pestilence arising from the unburied
dead. Hundreds of bodies lying upon the beach or
floating about the bay are decomposing and rilling
the air with gerrris of disease. It is therefore under
the most depressing and horrible circumstances that
the busy people are trying to bring order out of. con
fusion, to bury their dead, to feed the starving, to
heal the sick and the wounded, to give work to the
idle, to check the looting by thieves and to get ready
for the rebuilding of their homes. All that can be
done by kind hearts and liberal hands to assist them
in that -work should be done. There should be no
i.igKardi'ness in the help given. Let it go forward
abundantly and promptly, for it is needed in full meas
ure and it is needed now.
Contributions from all the States of the Union hive
thus far been most liberal and the people of California
have well upheld the traditions of the generosity of
their State. We must not, however, be content with
what has been done. So long as every report from
Texas shows an increasing magnitude of suffering,
so long must each day show an increased subscription
to the relief fund. "Human virtue," as Robert Lee
said, "should^ be equal to human calamity." This has
been one of the most appalling calamities of our time
and t'r.eiefcre the virtue of the American people
should show itself more potently than ever. For the
relief of a distress so dreadful there should be ex
hibited a record-breaking generosity.
MORE MONEY FOR TEXAT.
• • a
Another newcomer, pretty and rosy, has
been added to tfi'e list of debutantes for
the year 1D1S. She is a charming little
girl baby and belongs to Dr. and Mrs.
Redmond Payne. . The Paynes think she
is quite the sweetest and dearest thing on
earth^ and their opinion 13 shared by Mr.
and Mrs. John I. Sabln, ¦who are inordi
nately vain and proud, and are already
teaching that baby to say "grandpapa"
and "grandmamma."
Mrs. Monroe Salisbury is arranging for
her popular fortnightly cotillor.s and in
vitations for the seven dances to be held
during the season are being eagerly
sought for. As usual, the gathering of
the swell club will be held at Lunt's Hall
and the first dance will take place on
the evenins of Xovemb'i 1 23.
John Merrill and his charmingly fasci
nating bride (Olive Snider) have returned
from their extended Eastern honeymoon
trip and are prepared to take up life se
riously in a little town cottage. Olive, I
have heard, is going to entertain In a
small and very informal way. She always
knows Just how to do things, besides be
ing noted for originality, and I for one
am ready to wager there will be Jolly
times in the Merrill Jr. home.
"While Mrs. Castle In th« East Is trying
to gain fame and the always accompany
ing wealth, Mr. Castle is In Nome pur
suing the fickle goddess Fortune and hop
ing soon to get back to his Mary with
his Dockets not only lined, but bulging
with gold.
Mrs. Neville Castle, who enjoyed a short
and successful local stage career some
months back, is in New York anxiously
pleading with the Gotham managers for a
chance to show the New. York public
what a talented California girl can do.
Mr. and Mrs. Jerome Hart have return
ed after a most delightful European tour.
All of us girls read every one " of
"Romey's" letters to his paper during his
stay abroad and, judging by that alone,
we are willing to wager that no man ever
ate so many and such good dinners in
so many different places as did the fash
ionable editor.
Susie Blandingr, with her aunt, Lena
Blanding. for chaperone. will spend the
tvinter In the East, dividing her time be
tween the Empire City and the nation's
capital. Susie is such a jolly girl and,
possessing as she does, the happy knack
of making and holding friends, it Is a fore
gone conclusion that she will have a glo
rious time.
is a prouder husband in the world than
the handsome doctor, and his particular
bit of vanity centers round the peachy
complexion of his wife. I was at a din
ner the other day and the doctor was
just bubbling over with vanity. "Look
at that skin," he remarked, touching with
gentle finger his wife's soft, creamy
cheek. "What do you think of that com
plexion?" and looking much vainer than
any peacock, he concluded: "We buy
that for '50 cents a box."
amle Burling. I don't believe that there
MABIE OOE IN FA2TCY DBJESS.
MISS OGE IS PROBABLY THE FINEST HORSEWOMAN IN THE STATE
AND IS THE PROUD POSSESSOR OF FOUR HANDSOME SILVER
TROPHIES WON IN THE CHASE.
Thus it will be seen it would be useless to fly to
Nome for relief from problems and from politics.
Sar. Francisco folks might as well stay at home.
Ii will be seen that Nome has many of the problems
of larger and less golden cities. Moreover, it appears
the people purpose to deal with them there much as
they are dealt with elsewhere, by using them as in
centives to political action. We are told: "The Nome
Progress Club, started in the interest of municipal im
piovements. will ere long be exercising its energies
in the political field, if the speech delivered before
the club last night by Rev. Raymond Robbins may be
taken as a keynote. The club's members are, for
the most part, responsible business men and it is very
much to be hoped they will not be idle in any cam
paign fought in' Nome this fall." ,
One of the editorials of the paper demands the en
forcement of some system of compelling vagrants to
work. It says: "There is a law for % r agrancy in every
other city in the United States; why should there no;
be one here? There are no doubt many deserving
poor in Nome, but there are also any number of
criminals, confidence men and dissolute characters,
who shrink from the suggestion of honest work as the
devil shrinks from holy water, and who would not
turn their hand to labor were they paid $10 a minute
for so doing. Many of these people are so well
known that there would be no difficulty at all in
getting at them. Nome needs many improvements
that require the services of hard-working laboring
men. Why not put a liberal interpretation on the
vagrancy law, arrest these fellows and put them where
they will be forced to hustle for the general good of :i
community to which they are now a disgrace and 1
danger. A few such arrests, followed by swift pun
ishment, will start an exodus that will open the eyes
of those who are worrying over plans with which to
meet the situation."
Some of the items of news run thus: "Smallpox
goes, rain comes, but the footpad is with us forever. —
The people who appear to be receiving the chief
benefits of this country are aptly known as 'receiv
ers.' — The question of caring for the indigent poor 'u
still agitating the community. What is to be done
with the other portion of the population — the indigent
rich? — Governor Brady has great ideas of the agricul
tural future of Alaska. We hope he is right. We
confess, however, that the climate and soil of the
Nome district seem better suited for raising legal
technicalities than for the production of potatoes."
There appear to be a good many good things lack
ing in the city. The Chronicle says Nome must hive
fire and police protection, sidewalks and street cross
ings. To obtain such things it will be necessary to
incorporate and to incorporate it will be necessary
to get Judge Noyes to consider a petition for incor
poration; but it is said by the Chronicle that the Judge
has been too busy to give audience to merchants or
consideration to such subjects as municipal improve
ment, so that it is still an open question whether
Nome is to be a self-governed city or not.
From the first- number of the paper we learn many
interesting things about Nome. A picture on the
first page, presenting a view of the principal thor
oughfare of the camp on a rainy day, shows a team
passing the Chronicle office with the horses knee
deep in vvater. Another picture, showing the ''largest
mercantile store in Nome," exhibits a good-size.d
barn two stories high, with a Jofty attic. We are told
the dimensions of the structure are 40x140 feet, the
work of erecting it occupied a full week and the cost
of the lot on which it stands was $50,000 The thir!
and last picture of the number is a cartoon of a wolf
in the clothing of a man and is labeled "The Nome
Reach Wrecker at Work." A paragraph points
the moral of the artist in the statement, "The only
way for a wrecked seaman to save the money on Iris
person is to sink before reaching the beach."
L1VE journalism at Cap^b Nome has reached the
altitude of pictorial work. No longer do the
A residents of the boom camps along the gold
dust strand have to itely wholly upon printed' words
for the news of the day. There has been 'established
i:i the metropolitan camp of the coast "The NonW
Daily Chronic'e." which, in addition to its literary
features, has pictures made on the spot and is an
up-to-date newspaper in every respect. The editor.
Fred A. Healy. is the well-known correspondent of
The Call, and the venture is therefore in good hands.
e f>~'M P.CIOKiAL
Another case of seven years' wooing is
that of Dr. and Mrs. Page, dear, sweet
Walter Dean is ill and Mrs. Walter
Dean (Emily Hager) la worried to death
on his account, ajfid in her worry
enduring much more pain than her pa
tient, suffering spouse. Anybody who
knows the Hager-Dean romance will un
derstand how keenly the young wife suf
fers. AVhen a man and a woman love
each other for eighteen consecutive years
before they march to the Inspiring strains
of Mendelssohn or Wagner it is not hard
to imagine that the keenest sympathy
must exist between them. When Walter
Dean . was wearing knee trousers and
Emily had her soft brown hair a-hanging
down her back they were already sweet
hearts. Then they grew up and their
hearts remained steadfast and true, al
though the course of thoir unvarying love
did not run smoothly. Speaking of true
love, what a fortunate thing it is that Its
course is over hill and dale, now smooth,
now stormy! That Is the charm of love,
at least the girls think so. But ( to return
to my loving hearts. For seven whole
years previous to the day that Emily
Hager said the three little words Walter
Dean proposed to her every time he got
the chance. Now can any one be aston
ished that this rarely devoted couple
joy and .suffer out of very sympathy for
one another?
"Fruits et Hours" read thp invitations
to the Carolan stable party to be held on
the evening of the 2Sth. and, my! what a
time the girls have had to live up to the
••Fruits et flt-urs." The fruits. 1 believe,
will have the best of it, and I know of
fit least six sweet, luscious things who
are going as peaches. Dorothy Collier
had intended to go as "Grapes," but that
Is all off. She told some friends and they
begun talking, and there were things said
about the fruit and the god Bacchus, and
pretty Dorothy had a chill and now she is
going ns— no. 1 won't tell, for it would not
be fair.
Helen" Hopkins' wedding on the 2Sth is
going to be an awful swell affair. Tljr.ee
hundred -and fifty invitations have been
sent out and fully three hundred will be
present to see the stately beauty
give her hand to lucky Gus Taylor. Six
of the mest popular girls in her own ex-"
ciuslyjj set will attend the bride. None
will rejoice in the title of maid of honor
all will be known as bridesmaids, and
their names are: Edna Hopki.'is. Georgia
Hopkins, Caro Crockett, May Scott, Car
rie Taylor and Mollie Thomas. Every
body is saying that at the wedding an
engagement will . be announced, which
had the interested parties chosen to make
it public before might have made the
Hopkir.s home on the 2Sth the scene of a
double wfdding.
My! but didn't we have fun at tho wed
ding ot* Clara Hamilton and Heorge Mar
tin. My conscience ha-1 been troubling rne
ju.st s little bit until 1 heard that the
bride and yroom did not drive all the way
Jo tlie station in the carriage we si boun
teously decorated for them, but had a
plain ..-very-day looking hack waiting for
them round the corner, into whtch they
jumped and made their train. I have
never seen such :i decorated carnage, and
to toll the truth I never expect to see such
a one again. We lied the horses—hand
frbihe black animals— all rcur.d with broad
white riijbcns until there wai not an un
cle coratod spot on them from blinkers to
tail. r lhen we covered the roof of the
carriage and the correct coachman with
a lil:cia! supply of "Sperry's best," and
tied twentj -s.x pairs at every kind of dis
rtpujablc Jcokir.g shoes we could find to
the hird wheels. . Whew! what a sight!
And what tun! But just the same I'm
Klad Florence and cJeorge suspected just
what we were capable of and prepared for
the emergency.
* /
*Y% ARIE OGE Is having a little niche
I I I built into the corner of her room
I I I to hold her trophies— four silver
II cups— all won In the chase, and
" * which proclaim her possibly the
best horsewoman in the State.
I.^Marlo is pretty, Marie is chic, and Marie
¦ might count (if she could take the time
j from lie r horse) her admirers by the
j score. But khe won't. She has f only
| thoughts for h«>r horse. Now her only
' ambition is ihe other cups she hopes to
! win.
MONDAY SEPTEMBER 17. 19a)
JOHN D. SPRECKELS. Proprietor.
Mdtets M Cornrnunica-ions to W. S. LEAKE. Manfj»r.
JUANACKR'S OFFICE T«-lc|»li»nr I'rfii» 3Q4
I'lULlCATIUX OrFICE...Mnrk«-l nt»cl Third. S. K.
Trlrphune Pr*«« 2O1.
t:niTORIAL ROOM* 217 «« 2St Strrrimoi *t.
T«-I«>pl»oit^ l*r«-»» -**".
nrllvrrrd *t Currier*. 15 frp<« t'er "W>eV.
Kfnsrle CnjAr*. ft Cent*.
Trrma by Mall. Inrlnriinc l'n«»nsn
r-AJT.T CALL «!nclu1lr.e Sunday), on* v«r f*
I'AILY CALI, <1n<-:u<line Sunday). « month* t. 1 *
J'AILY CALL Mncludinc f-"t:nda»->. 3 month* l.M
DAILY CAM^Rv Olrr!* Month «'•<¦
FTXDAT OALT. On.- War 1»
WEEKLY i-ALI. an- T*«r 1-UO
J- 1 1 po>Ilimkti^r(i R r<* n n 1 1t o r\ »t*<I 1q r***"**!^*"
«uli«orl|ill«>im.
Kajrpl* ocplrt will be forwarded when rtquftt^o
Mall *ub#cr!b^r* !r orCfrlny rhsnrr of juSdre** nh<"»?-!d t>»
r*rt:cul«r to rl »•• both NEW AND OLD ADDKF.SS In ot<J»t
to [Basra * prompt «nd correct compliance with thtlr re<jue«t
lUKLAM) OFFICE ItlS llronrfirnT
GECRGE C KR03NLSS.
Manager Foreign Advertising. Marquette Building. Chicago.
¦ Loot: L-iatance Telephone "Central M1J."»
NEW TORK CORRESPONDENT:
C C. CARL70N Mend square
JUEW TORK RErnESEXTATIVE
STEPHEN B SMITH 30 Tribune Budding
NEW TORK SEWS STANDS:
WtlCrrr-Anrn* Hotel; A. Iircntano. XI Union Bqntrt:
Murray HU1 Hotel.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Rberman House: P. O. N>*i Co.; Great Xorthera Hotel:
Hcuae; Auditorium Hotel.
WASHINGTON lO. O OFFICE Wellington Hotel
MORTON t. CRANE. Correspond-nt.
MtABCH OFFICES -«T Mcntsomery. corner of Clay, or— '
CBtll t:30 o'clock. $00 Hayef>. open until S:30 o'clock. CU
McAllister, open until SSO o'clock. €15 Larkin. open until
»:S0 o'clock. J»41 Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 21*1 Mark't.
corner Sixteenth, cpen until » o'clock. 10S6 Valencia, open
until t o'clock. jo« Eleventh, open nntfl !» o'clock. NW cor
ner Twenty-second *nd KentueKy. cpen until 9 o'clock.
SOCIETY: ITS DELIGHTS AND
ITS MANY WORRIES
BY SALLY SHARP.
challenge the triumphant Tories. Doubtless they
will favor granting to the Boers a large measure of
self-government, while the Conservatives will pro
pose a more stringent policy. It will be an excellent
test of the temper of the British constituencies cm the
subject of respect for the rights of the conquered, and
the election will engage the attention of liberty lovinj
people in all parts of the world.
In the meantime 'Dewet and Botha have not yet
been captured. The armed resistance to British con
trol goes on, and it will be necessary for the empire
to maintain there a large force for many years ' to
come. That fact will have no little influence upon the
mind of 'the British voters and may incline them to
support the Tories in whatever plans they formulate
for holding the Boers in subjection. The chances of
the success of the Liberals are therefore very slight.
The Tories are likely to have control of Parliament
tor another seven years, and since Salisbury, on ac
count of his age, can hr.rdly hold the Premiership that
long, the prospects that Chamberlain will become^
Frime Minister of Great Britain and attain an earldom
.-•re exceptional'}' good. >f,
The choice between prosperity or disaster has to be
made by the people at the polls and none will have i
vote in making the choice except those who have regis
tered. The closing days' of registration are at hand.
Delay any longer will be dangerous. Get 3'our name
on the list of voters and then see to it that your
friends do likewise.
There is no law by which a man can be forced *o
attend to his political duties except the great unwrit
ten laws of patriotism and of self-interest. He that
is heedless of thoec laws may neglect to register, re
fuse to vote and mock at every other public respon
sibility which citizenship imposes upon him. but he
cannot do so with impunity. When workingmen,
business men. capitalists and professional men neglect
politics and leave the eloctions to the control of the
bosses and the gangs that follow them, they have to
pay the penalties which had government imposes, and
the penalties of a Bryan government will be heavy in
deed.
There is no reason why the vote of this year should
i>c less than tlyit of 18)6. The issues arc virtually the
same. The menace of Bryanism is as portentous now
as then. The election of an obstinate man, without ex
perience in business or in statecraft and almost
fanatically devoted to free silver, free trade and a de
clared antagonism .to large corporations and to the
Supreme Court of the United Stales, would certainly
tend to disturb the industrial, commercial and ti:nn
cial affairs of the country to such an extent as to lend
to something like a t:niversnl panic. The losses tint
would result from the success of Bryan would fall
upon every business interest and would be fe't by
every class of citizens. Why then should there be any
indifference among intelligent men tr> the issues of
the campaign?
Up 10 this tiir.e the registration is something like
•2C.f:oo less than the number of voters who qualified
for the election <>i 1896. Hie population of the city
has increased during the four years and in the natural
order of things the enrollment of voters should in
crcTse with it. It i> therefore evident that there will
be cither a considerable number of citizens who will
sacrifice their votes :>r a heavy rush during the clos
ing days of registration. In 1 all probability the
hater is what will take place and consequently tho*c
who have rot yet placed their names on the roll
should hasten to do so. Every one who cm find the
time should register Jo-day.
REGISTRATION closes September 26. Only
nine days remain in which to get your name on
the great register and so preserve your right to
I cast a ballot in the November elections. He who
I does not register surrenders, by his own apathy and
negligence, one of the highest privileges of an Amer
ican citizen. He makes himself something of an alien
in his own land and virtually declares himself to be
1 cither without intelligence enough to form decided
opinions on the issues of the times or without pub
lic spirit enough to care to vote tor what his intelli
gence teaches him is for the welfare of the nation.
DON'T LOSE YOUR VOTE.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 17, 1900
4
Special Information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by tho
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont-
gomery. st. Telephone Main 1042. •
Cal. glace fruit 50c r««r n> at Townsend's •
Alfcs.ir.bra— "Shlj> Ahoy."
Orfheum — Vaudeville.
Grand Opera-house — "Quo Vadls."
Tlvoll— "Faust" and "Trovatore."
Alcazar— "The Widow's Husband."
Columbia— "The Bells" and "Napol^n's Guard."
C&llfornla. — Grand Opera. Sunday night. September 23.
Olympia, corner Mason and Eddy Ftreeis — Specialties.
Chutes, Zoo and Theater — Vaudeville every afternoon and.
evening.
Fischer'*— Vaudeville.
£herman-Clay Hall— Song Recital. Thursday evening. Sep-
tjaeber 20.
Sherman-Clay Hall— Concert Friday evening. September 21.
£ utro Baths— O[*n r.irhts.
Tanforan i'ark— The Oreat Fair. September 24 to October 6
AUCTION SALES.
Occidental Hors« Exchange— Tuesday Evening. September IS,
*t 7:30 o'clock. Horses, at 721 Howard ttreet.
By E. Watkir.? — Tuesday. September IS, at 11 o'clock,
Hore~s, at Id Market Mreet.
13y Emil Coiin-Monday. September 17, at 11 o'clock. Furni-
ture, at l r C4'i Larkin street.
AMUSEMENTS.
HOTETL. DEI. CORONADO- Sreetal Bummer
rates still in effect at this beautiful countfry
home, where summer and winter are -one. Ai
4 New Montgomery street. San Francisco, ge:
rates with special round-trip summer tickac
During the last five years the Presby-
terian church in the South has gained
about 13.00<"> communicants, while the an*
nual contributions have increased near'!
J200.000. • A.Young Ladies' Institute.
Young Ladles' Institute No. 1 will give
Its thirteenth anniversary reception in
Golden Gate Hall on the night of the 20th
inst. It will be an evening dress function,
for which tho committee of arrangements
has prepared an excellent programme*
John P. Shannon.
ATHANTA. Ga., Sept. 16.-John P. Shan
non, supremo dictator of tho Knights
of Honor of tho United States, died at
Elberton. Ga.. to-day.
NEW YORK, Sept. 1C— John B. Ran
dolph, a well-known art critic of this
city, was killed by a fall downstairs in his
residence on West One Hundred and
Twenty-first street to-day. The accident
happened shortly after midnight and
death came at 9 a. m. His skull was
fractured.
Jhe Pay's £ead
John B. Randolph.
Japanese collieries have a contract to
(supply the Manila fleet of the United
State* Navr with 60,000 tons of coal inside
of 'our months.
At Hankow twenty-eight reformers of
the Kang Yu Wei party have been arrest
ed and thirteen executed.
VICTORIA. B. C. Sept. 1G — The steam
er Beaconshlre arrived to-day froSf tho
Orient. She brings news that the Rus-
Bians have seized the Japan scaling
schooner Seishe Maru and the boat crew
ot another sealer. They, toe-ether with
three fishing schooners, were ' taken to
I'etropaulovsky by the Russian steamer
Kotik. Some American sailors are among
the crew of the seized vessel.
ing Schooner and Her Crew.
JAPANESE BOAT SEIZED.
Russians Take Possession of. a Seal-
While the officers were searching the
neighborhood for the robbers a negro em
ployed on the -uteamboat Jacinto said he
f-aw two men on the river bank opening
ff-me kind of a box and offered to pilot
the officers there. In doing so he walked
off tho TvharfkfalHng between two barges,
and that was the last seen of him. He
probably struck his head on one of the
barges and was stunned before he reached
the water. He was known among the
river front people as Jim. The boat on
which he was employed is up the river.
The robbers have not been captured.
NEGEO DROWNED
Steps Off a Wharf While Searching
for Two Thieves.*
SACRAMENTO, Sept. 1C— This evening
two masked men entered the grocery
Ftcre of R. Feraup at Second and 6
streets, and while one walked off with the
r.-ii-h register the other went through
Fcraup's pockets. Altogether thoy got
a-bout ftjn. There was a woman customer
•-- the store at the time, and Feraup was
mi' t?ie act of drawing a pitcher of beer
for her when the robbers entered. There
was also one man seated at a. table with
m-hnm Frraun had been nlavinir cards.
SACRAMENTO, Sept. 16.— The bodies of
David J. Kent and John T. Doane, who
were drowned at the junction of, the
Mokelumne and San Joaquin rivers by be
ing run into by . the Stockton steamer
Dauntless Friday night, were brought to
this city early this morning. Their, fu
nerals will take place next Tuesday.
Bodies -Taken to Sacramento.
Special Dispatch to The Call
Senor Calderon and family will remain
as guests at Hotel del Coronado for sev
eral days before starting for Washington,
where he has a home prepared for them.
Captain Brandeburg says that the coast
Is productive of good business and the
steamer had all that she could do on her
way from Valparaiso north. Besides her
cargo for this port she carries about 1500
tons of freight for San Francisco and
some passengers. She has been crowded
for room for passenger accommodations
thus far on the trip, but most of her cabin
passengers leave her here.
When she steamed up the bay it was no
ticed that besides the German and Amer
ican flags and the ensign of the Kosmos
Company she was flying the flag of Bo
livia Just beneath the company signal.
That was the sign that she had the Bo
livian Minister on board. Dr. P. Guach
alla comes as the accredited Minister of
the South American country to Washing
ton. He is accompanied by his family and
by his secretaries. They will remain here
for a short time before starting to Wash
ington. The family of tho Peruvian Min
ister was also on board. Senor Alvarez
Caldcron had come on from AVashington
in order to meet his family here. They
had come by this route in preference to
that by way of Panama on account of the
fever there.
SAN DIEGO, Sept. 16.— The steamer^He
rodot of the Kosmos line arrived \his
evening and will be here for a day and a
half discharging the 800 tons of freight
which she has, for this port. Most of It
is ore concentrates from Chile to Pueblo
to be smelted.
DR. GUACHAI/LA ARRIVES.
SDecial Dispatch to The Call.
President at Canton.
CANTON. Ohio, Sept. 16.— President and
Mrs. McKinley drove to the cemetery to
day and placed flowers on the graves of
the McKinley children and other relatives
buried there. In the afternoon the Presi
dent and Mrs. McKinley took another
short drive. They received a number of
neighbors and friends who called during
the day. Judge McAtee of Indian Terri
tory is here to see the President.
Marcus Daly Better.
NEW YORK, Sept. 16.— Marcu3 Daly
of Montana, who has been ill In the Ho
tel Netherlands since the Sth of this
month, is improving. He is said to be
suffering from heart failure. He Is able
to be about In his room, but not to
leave it.
Two Men Killed.
PHOENIX, .Jlrlz.. Sept. 16.— A report
from Tombstone states that James Ames
and David Bean were killed last Satur
day by an explosion at the Gold Rock
mines. No further particulars are as yet
obtainable.
Took Only a Portion of tho Money
He Could Have Stolen.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO, Sept. 1C— Lucien Faure,
proprietor of the French restaurant in this
city, reported to the police this morning
that between the time his place was lock
ed up at an early hour this morning until
it was reopened a few hours later $320 was
taken from a wine locker In the main
dining room of the restaurant. Refore
leaving the restaurant last night Faure
placed $1140 on a shelf in the wine locker.
The thief evidently became conscience
stricken and decided to leave the remain
der of the money for Faure.
A CONSIDERATE THIEF.
Praises the Exposition and Declares
That California Made a Fine
Showing 1 .
XE"W YORK, Sept. 16.— M. H. de Young
of San Francisco, president of the United
States Commissioners to the Paris Ex
position, arrived here to-day on the
steamer New York. Mr. de Young . was
most enthusiastic over the exposition,
saying:
"The Paris Exposition is the greatest
the world has ever seen. I say this un
qualifiedly, notwithstanding tho many ad
verse criticisms which have been in
dulged in by many Americans. In its dis
plays of manufactures, in science and in
art, tho exposition Is simply complete.
There is not a line of anything used by
man for transportation, comfort or lux
ury In any branch of manufacture which
is lacking. Its educational value is prac
tically illimitable. I fail to understand
upon what are based the adverse criti
cisms indulged in not only by visitors ig
norant of expositions, but by intelligent
ajid prominent citizens. I am afraid
many of these have not observed care
fully or at length.
"I am proud to say that the Americans
took 2000 awards, or one-third of the en
tire number awarded. The Americans at
the exposition were the most lavish enter
tainers of any nation and of the Ameri
cans the most enthusiastic hosts were the
Californians. The people from my State
spent $130,000 In taking care of. guests and
friends. If all the States had done as
well as California there could be no criti
cism of the American showing at the ex
position."
COMMISSIONER DE YOUNG
RETURNS FROM PARIS
DENVER. Sopc lS.-The first train over
the new branch of tho Burlington road
from this city to Doadwood, S. D., left
this city at 11:30 to-night The first train
from the north will compk-to its Journey
of 45." miles at 11:30 to-morrow ni*?ht
This new route to the P.lack Hills country
is nlmost duo north from Denver, the
main line cf the Hurlinpton beinp left be
hind at Brush. Colo. The road then leads
across Eastern Colorado and Western Ne
braska and into the Black Hills.
First Train Leaves.
Prinee Henry was an uncle of the reign
ing Grand Duke of Hesse. Ernst Ludwig.
and wa? Vir.rn November 2', 183S. He was
married February I*. ISIS, to Caroline Wil
lioh. by Whom he had one child. Charles,
Count 'if NSMa. who was born January 4,
3«7?. The Prince's wife having died Jan
uary f>. l^7:«. n<- married Emily Rzic-To
puska. by whom be had one child, Elimar
Kreiherr von IJornlx-rg.
MUNICH, Sept. 1C— Prince Henry of
Hesse died here to-day.
Duke of Hesse, Ernst
Ludwig.
PRINCE HENRY OF HESSE
PASSES AWAY IN MUNICH
Was an Uncle of the Reigning Grand
DENVER, Sept. 16.— The Republican
F'.-ite convention will convene in the
]iroa£way Theater in this city to-morrow
to select a full State ticket. The indi
caiior.s are that there will be little or no
¦ ntest for places on the ticket, and it is
ivf-rj said that a slate has been made and
will }.<¦¦ put through without any opposi
tion. Frank C. Goudy, a prominent law
yer of this city, will undoubtedly be
named for Governor.
COLORADO REPUBLICANS
TO SELECT A TICKET
ST. LOUIS. Sept. 16.— Mr. Bryan attend
«¦¦<! services at the Centenary Methodist
Church and spent the remainder of the
day with relatives in this city. He left
at'? o'clock to-nipht over the St. Louis
-vi San Francisco Railroad for South
eastern Kansas, where he ¦will spend the
r.ext two day?*. He will speak at Galena,
K;ir,s., at 2 o'clock to-morrow afternoon
i.zA will make several short speeches en
route to that place.
CANDIDATE BRYAN AT
A METHODIST CHURCH
Those accompanying the Governor to
day were United States Senator Hans
brouph.' Senator Carter. ex-Senator "Wtl
fon of Washington, Hon. John Proctor
Clarke of New York and General Curtis
Guild Jr. of Boston. There is also on
the train to-day one Joseph T. Ferris, who
was with Governor Roosevelt eighteen
years ago when he killed his first buffalo.
In regard to this incident Mr. Ferris says:
"I was with him when he killed his fir.-t
l-uJTalo and ho tells me that he has the
head yet and would not take anything for
it."
Fnlcm two Lutheran clergymen with mem
bers of their congregation were at the sta
tion to erect tho Governor and to shake
hands with him. At Dickinson a stop was
made f«ir an lmur to wait for the passage
of a heavy freight tram that had the
.right-of-way in the opposite direction.
Here were the pastors of the Episcopal.
Methodist and Presbyterian churches with
members of their congregations, who were
presented to Governor Roosevelt on the
station platform. Quite a large number
of the citizens of the town were at the
station to see the visitors. The day was
clear and cool, the first frost of the season
having fallen during the night.
GLENTHVE. Mont.. Sept. 16.— Governor
Roosevelt's special train left Bismarck
this morning for Miles City. 300 miles dis
tant. There was no speechmaking during
the day, but there was some handshaking
¦with the people along the route. At New
ROOSEVELT SHAKES
HANDS WiTH PASTORS
Copyright, 1900, by Ajsnociated Ptpss.
LONDON, Sept. 17, 4 a. m.— In accord
| ance with the prediction of Sir Robert
j Hart that there will be further hostilities
i in China in November, the Associated
Press understands that the British Gov
ernment is already considering the trans
fer of troops from South Africa to India
i in order to make it practicable to send
more British troops to China. The mili
tary • authorities consider the war In
South Africa, so far ended that troops,
may now be safely moved.
It is possible that the Russian legation
has already been removed from Peking to
Tientsin, but there is no definite news as
yet as to whether LI Hung Chang will,
after all. go to I'cking.
General Dorward Is going to the capital,
leaving the British troops at Tientsin un
der command of Brigadier General Camp
bell. Vice Admiral Aliexeff has re
turned to Taku.
The Americans have begun at Ho Si Wu
a permanent telegraph line between
Peking and Tientsin.
The Peking correspondent of the Daily
News says that the assassin of Baron von
Ketteler has been shot.
The Morning: Post's report says the
question is being discussed of sending re
lief to a few British, French and Ameri-
ENGLAND PREPARES FOR
MORE TROUBLE IN CHINA
Indications now point, strongly to the
withdrawal of all the powers from 1'e
king to Tientsin.
The British have issued an order pro
hibiting the selling or renting of any
building within the limits of the British
concession.
General Fukashlma is here arranging
winter quarters for the 'Japanese troops.
The Gt.-rm.ans are pouring ito Tientsin,
and all nationalities are scrambling fcjr
buildings. v T
» \
TIENTSIN. Sept. 14, via Shanghai, Sept.
r>— A British signal officer reports a
«harp engagement between a company of
the Fourteenth United States Infantry
and 2000 Boxers at Matow on the road to
Poking. The Americans made a gallant
stand, and a detachment of Bengal
Lancers near by. hearing the firing, came
to their rescue an,d charged the Boxers in
the rear. The Chinese were routed, leav
ing 2X» dead. The Americans had no
casualties.
The Germans report an engagement
with a heavy force of Boxers wesi of
Peking yesterday (Thursday). The Ger
man loss is said to have been twenty.
Copyright, 1900. by Associated Press.
AMERICANS HAVE SHARP
BRUSH WITH BOXERS
PEKING, Sept. 11 (via Taku, Sept. 14).—
The allied generals were In conference
four hours to-day, the principal topic be
ing how best to encourage the Chinese to
return to work. It was agreed that loot-
Ing should cease and that foraging par
ties should hereafter be accompanied by
an officer who should give receipts for all
supplies taken. m
The question of wintering at Tientsin
was brought up with a view of ascertain
ing, if possible, the attitude of the Rus
sians. General Linevitch admitted that
most of his troops would winter there.
At the Japanese legation it is not be
lieved that the man who claims to have
killed Baron von Ketteler Is the actual
criminal. The Japanese believe he has been
paid to accuse himself by the Uussians In
order to discredit Prince Ching. The Ja
panese favor Prince Ching and the Rus
sians LI Hung Chang.
The Sixth United States Cavalry will
leave to-morrow for the western hills,
where is located the summer house of the
United States legation. *
Two thousand Germans, under General
Hoopfner. have left for Siang Hsiang. a
walled city, occupied by Boxers, n,vho re
cently attacked a party of German sol
diers. The city has one gun.
Copyright, 1900. by Associated Press.
ALLIED GENERALS HOLD
A LONG CONFERENCE
Baroness von Ketteler leaves for Ger
many via America to-morow. The mur
der of her husband on June 19 by Govern
ment soldiers in the main street prevent
ed tho general massacre of all foreigners
here, as all the foreign Ministers except
I Baro».von Ketteler had decided to ac
! cept the Chinese assurance of protection
j for their journey to Tientsin. It J? now
known that Prince Tuan had aranged for
their annihilation en route.
JOHN BASS.
Proclamations dated in June from
Princes and highest Government authori
ties, military and civil, have be*n found
posted about everywhere praising tha
Boxers and ordering the people to con
tribute to their support. One from the
Chief of Police announced that for
eigners were being exterminated and
must be killed wherever discovered, and
that rewards will be paid by him If they
are captured alive — for foreign man. 50
taels; for woman, 40 taels, and for child,
30. This meant torture, outride, mutila
tion and slow death. In the foreign cem
etery bodies were exhumed and their
limbs mutilated.
PEKING, Sept. 5. via Chefu, Sept. 14.—
Prince Ching has been appointed by Im
perial decree jointly with Li Hung Chang
to negotiate terms of peace. The foreign
Ministers decline to discuss th» matter
with him together owing to want of in
structions for common action, but they
will individually receive him. He prom
ises to call upon them separately soon.
Special Cable to The Call and New York Her
ald. Copyright, 1300. by the Herald Pub
llshlne Company.
PRINCE CHING WILL ACT
WITH LI FOR PEACE
CALL BUREAU. WELLINGTON
HOTEL, WASHINGTON, Sept. 16.
—Instructions have been sent to
Major General Chaffee not to agree
to any solution of the Peking situ
ation which does not safeguard the na
tive Christians there under the protection
of American missions.
These instructions were based upon the
recommendation of Minister Conger and
representations made by the Board or
Missions. It is further stated by the au
thorities that in the settlement of the
Chinese question it will be the aim of
this Government to obtain such guar
antees as will insure the future protec
tion of the native converts r^ Mrt
Reports received by the State Depart
ment indicate that the native Christians
in four provinces in the south of cnina
subject to the operations of Boxers have
been exterminated, and this is known to
be true of converts at Paoting ru.
The decision of the President to pro
tect converts and ttje intenjion of the
United States not to open negotiations
with Li Hung Chang until he gives proof
of his willingness and ability to protect
life and property and to preserve order
In the province of Chi Li make it certain
that the Immediate withdrawal of Ameri
can troops is not contemplated.
In the meantime Li Hung Chang is on
his way to Peking. It is expected by
Minister \Yu Ting Fang that he will reach
Tientsin Tuesday, and a few days later
he will reach the capital, where he will
confer with Prince Ching. It Is not un
derstood, however, that this or any other
CJoverriment is ready to treat with him.
When the Imperial Government has re-
Stored order the United States will give
consideration to the character of the
Chinese Peace Commission. This state
ment is made with positlveness. No
Chinaman will be occepted as a peace
negotiator who took part in the attack
on foreign legations. It is therefore
highly improbable that the President will
accept Yung Lu as a member of the com
mission.
TIEXTSIX, Sept. 15 (via Shanghai. Sept.
16).— William W. Rockhill, special repre
sentative of the United States to China,
has left for Peking. In an interview be
fore leaving ho said he did not expect to
remains there more than a few days.
Li Hung Chang is at Taku on a Russian
vessel. It is not believed that he will
come to Tientsin.
Copyright. 1900, by Associated Press.
COMMISSIONER ROCKHILL
LEAVES FOR PEKING
TIENTSIN, Sept. 13, via Shanghai, Sept.
15.— Th« Russians, It Is rumored here, are
rapidly pushing through into Manchuria,
where all Indications point to extensive
operations before the arrival of winter.
They have suspended work on. the rail
road to Peking, which adds to the com
plications. It is believed that their ob
ject in this is to compel the other powers
to consent to the destruction of Peking-.
The Tuliu expedition has returned . to
Tientsin. The march back was unopposed
and it is reported that the Boxers have
retired in force to a village thirty miles
up the grand canal. "^
The Tuliu expedition has returned to
the burning and looting of Tuliu and this
caused considerable comment ajnong the
other commanders.
The Sixth United States Cavalry, it ia
rumored here, has been ordered to camp
at Yangtsun, up the Pelho, with a view
of strengthening the line of communica
tion. The regiment will take two heavy
guns.
Twelve thousand Germans have arrived
here.
Corporal Hughes of the Third United
States Artillery, was killed and his com
panion wounded while trying to force a
passage of the French bridge after dark.
Chinese regulars are reported to have
relieved the Roman Catholic stronghold at
Ho Chin, in the province of Chili, which
the Boxers had been besieging there sinco
June.
RUSSIANS PUSHING
THROUGH TO MANCHURIA
Chinese officials estimate that 20,000 dis
banded Chinese soldiers, by the simple ex
pedient of turning their coats, managed
to remain behind in Peking. Other dis
patches confirm the report that, in addi
tion to Hsu Tung, the guardian of tha
heir apparent. Yu Lu, Viceroy of Chili,
and Wang Yi Yung, president of the Im
perial Academy, with 200 members of of
ficial families, committed suicide when
the allies entered Peking.
can engineers ¦who are besieged in a city
200 miles south of Peking.
Shanghai advices say that a house has
been engaged there for Count von
Waldersee, who is expected to arrive next
Sunday.
ference by storm is pytting the matter
very mildly, for rarely, indeed, has any
one jumped into such great popularity as
the new Bishop has attained in his brief
residence on the Pacific Coast. Both
clergy and laity of this conference de
clare he Is the man so long needed In
California to straighten out the tangles
and troubles of Methodist work in this
State, as only a man of powerful men
tality such as his can do.
In the midst, of the many services of
to-day, or rather, between them, consid
erable gossip relative to tho ministerial
appointments has flown about. Among
the prominent pastors whose places will
probably remain unchanged are Dr.
Dille of the First Church, Oakland; I>r.
Kummer of the First Church, San Jose;
Drs. Hutsinpiller, Bane, Beard and Ste
phens of San Francisco, Dr. Gray of Pa
cific Grovo and Dr. Lee of Modesto. Dr.
J. D. Hammond, recently agent of the
Methodist Book Concern, who was de
posed by the last General Conference,
will probably be put into one of the pre
siding elderships and Dr. Mathews, re
cently editor of the Pacific Christian Ad
vocate, is transferred to the Southern
California Conference.
The most notable events of to-day were
the annual conference sermon, delivered
by the Bishop, and the ordination of dea
cons and elders and the consecration of
deaconesses. The following persons re
ceived orders at the hands of the Bishop:
Deacons— Paul M. Spencer, Robert J.
Trevarrow, C. A. Richardson,- J. C. Hol
ster, David Ralston, T. Morimoto, Yoshi
Suke Sacon, Gue Kwai, Chan Lok ShanK,
John F. Burchim. Elders— Edward H.
Mackay, Morizo Yoshida, Winfleld S.
Kelly, Fay Donaldson, Charles F. With
row. In the afternoon the impressive rite
of consecrating the deaconesses was per
formed, the following receiving consecra
tion: Misses Neighbor, Bieghle, Warren,
Lamb, Cheney. Haeberlin and Jackson
and Mrs. Mclsaac and Mrs. Lincoln.
The Bishop's sermon was delivered at
10:20 a. m.. and long before the appointed
hour the house was packed with eagor
listeners. It is estimated that fully 2000
persons were present during the services.
The text of tl*e sermon was Matt. ii:25,
"All things are delivered unto me of my
father." The Bishop spoke of the sov
ereignty of the son of man, his authority
and dominfon existing throughout the
world now and constantly growing, not
the personal reign of a temuoral kins,
but a final and all-persuasive, power and
the influence of his teachings and spirit
as exemplified in the present rupremuey
of Christian civilization, commerce and
character. This, said he, is the ultimate
outcome of human history, for thero can
be no other. After the ordination cere
monies this afternoon a memorial service
for the members of the conference who
have died since the last annual session
was held, Rev. Dr. A. T. Needham being
in charge and memorial addresses being
delivered by Dr. \V. C. Gray, Dr. George
Clifford and others. The "evening was
devoted to a grand Epworth League rally,
presided over by George D. Kellogg of
Newcastle, and at 8 o'clock the twentieth
century forward movement was presented
In its various phases by Dr. E. R. Dille
of Oakland, Rev. A. C. Bane of San
.Francisco, Ilev. E. R, Willis and others.
PACIFIC : GROVE, *Sept. 1G.— To say
that the new Bishop of California, Dr.
J. W. Hamilton, has taken this con-
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Many of the Most Eminent Metho
dist Divines to Be Trausfered
by th.e Present
Conference.
Impressive Ceremonies Con
ducted by Bishop
Hamilton.
CONSECRATION
OF DEACONS AT
PACIFIC GROVE
General Macdonald, operating In tho
northeastern corner of Orango Colony,
compelled the Boers to make a hasty
TiiKht from the Vet River. He captured
thirty-one wapons. a quantity of cattle
smd stores and C5.000 rounds of rifle am
munition.
CAPE TOWX. Sept. 16.— The military
cuthorities have taken over the Nether
lands railway.
LONDON. Sept. 17.— Mrs. Kruger, ac
cording to a dispatch to the Dally Ex
press, has arrived in Lourenzo Marques.
LISBON. Sepu 16.— The Portuguese
Government has telegraphed to the Gov
ernor of Mozambique, authorizing the de
parture of Mr. Krugcr for Europe. The
Governor, however, must satisfy himself
tliat Mr. Kruger Js really exiing- to Eu
rope. He Is instructed to take all pre
cautions to Faicpuanl Mr. Kruger. The
newspapers here say that Mr. Kruger
¦will take the German steamer Herzog at
Lourcnzo Marques, his destination, being
Holland by way of Marseilles.
THE IIAGTTE. Sept. 1C— The Govern
ment of the Netherlands has telegraphed
to Lourer.zo Marques offering a Dutch
warship to bring Mr. Kruger to Holland.
Portugal Directs the Governor of
Mozambique by Cable to Permit
His Departure for
Europe.
Dutch Government Willing
to Assist Boer Leader
to Escape.
KRUGER OFFERED
A WARSHIP TO GO
TO NETHERLANDS
Special Dispatch to The Call.
America Not to Treat With Ctaiea
Unless These Coodltaoes Are
Imckded,
NATIVE CHRISTIANS
MUST BE PROTECTED
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 17, 1900.
5
AMTTSXHktHNTS.
IT
TANFORAN PARK
sept. 24 to oeu, 1900
SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN MATCO
AGRICULTURAL ASS'N
To tho live-stock breeders of California, as
well as to the lovers ol out-door sports toil
Exhibition is dedicated.
Tha attractions will Include:
A High-Class Open-Air Horso .Show.
Select Herd* of Prize Cattle.
A Complete Exhibit of Swine, Sheep, Goats,
Poultry and Belgian Hares.
Extraordinary show of Dogs.
Attractive exhibit of high-class Vehicles and
other industrial display? from leadiag manu-
facturers of the State.
Tha out-door sports will embrace Polo Games
between players from Southern and Central
California for Championship. Pony Races.
Long Distance Race of 35 miles by noted riders.
Change ot horses each mile In full view ol Grand
Stand.
ORAND ATHLETIC HELD DAY
CLUB HARNESS fc\CINQ
HIGH-CLASS TROTTING AND PACING
In which the Great Stars of tha East and West
will meet and make World's records.
All in all the entertainment will be clean,
dignified and instructive.
GlfcLND MUSICAL CONCERTS DAILY
Excellent railroad facilities by both regular
and special trains to Grand Stand entrance.
Entertainment each day from lO:uu a. m. until
8*0 p. H.
DEJBT J. CBOCXZB, rmUNl
BXOKGI AUZS XIWU1U, ittnUrf
XDITI5 F. SSITH. Cen.nl Iui|« .
CHUTES^ and ZOO
EVERT AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
WILLIAMS & BISSELL
MATT & WRIGHT
DICK WILDE v
LA LISTA
BABY RUTH
THE UNTAMABLE LION ACT
NEW MOVING PICTURES
SEABURY7Hi£h Diver.
AMATEUR NIGHT-THURSDAY.
Telephone for Seats. Park 23.
SUTRO BATHS.
—OPEN NIGHTS—
Open dally from 7 a. m. to 11 p. m.
nathlnj from 7 a. m. to 10 p. m.
ADMISSION. 10c. CHILDREN. 5c.
Bathing, including admission. 25c; children. Me
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Price Lists Malbi
on Application.
ATTORNEY.
F. H. MERZBACH. lawyer. 503 CaL.Clonl* bd.
COAL. COKB AND Pld 1ROX
F r HII SflV * Tft 90 ° Battery Street.
J. t- W lL2Ui1 tt UJ.. Telephone Main ISM. •
COPPERSMITH.-
r n* CMTTH Snl P Plumbing, Steamboat and
t- Yl - J.'.lllll. ghip Work a specialty. IS and
IS Washington st. TeleDhone Main 5441,
ELECTRICAL.
D. D. WASS,
Electrical Engineer. 36 East St.
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
I1C COVE? * m Shipping Eutcher*. 1M
JAj- DUlLJ g tV» Clay. T«l. Main 1234.
OALVAMZIN3 AND METALS.
Mr*. & Dealer In Metals i Galvanizing. JOHN
FINN METAL WORKS, 315 Howard St.
HARNESS DRESSING.
"PALO ALTO." B«»t leather preserver oa
earth. 23c. Roblnron Chem. Co.. 1163 Howtrt.
~ METAL.
Extra linotype and stereotype metal. Pacific
Metal Works. 137-9 First st.. San Francisco.
_ _—
LUBRICATING OILS. LEONARD & EL-
LIS. 418 Front st..' 8. F. Phone Main 1713.
PAINTS.
Cylinder & Lubricating Oils. Schneider's Mining
Candles. C. O. CLINCH & CO.. 9 Front. S. F.
PH1.NT1.N3.
E» C BUCHE5.. Bll Sansom* St.. 3. F.
PRINTERS. BOOKBINDERS.
THE HICKS-JCDD CO..
23 First St.. San Frandscn.
STATIONER AND PRINTER.
wggMo PARTRIDGE *» c^^
WWTE iSB STEAM COAL, t^laoE
DIAMOND COAL MINING CO.. at Ito GREEN
RIVER COLLIERIES. Is the Best Coal In tha
market. Office and Yards— CO Main street.
t^^Jlt^^^^i^ri T?neaj ror GonorrlKta,
*^Sfe^UCBES^i?<3 Gleet. Spormat orrhoea.
£jfilr ial toia»r».\3 White*, on natural Jl».
Kfitjj Gc»rcat«J 9| f har S r ». or »°? inSamrna-
JrVST boi to Mrtstare. lion, i irritation or u^»rv
fjb^frnrtau oeaujUn. tion ot nncoas men*
BrSS^rHtEvJWS Caoctcn Co. bran**, Naa-««trtneeat.
Gti-nV rr -. . y»Jr*(ir s^nt ia plain wrapper,
JSfcK^tJs*" " Jid5v4 h^ 9 *Pre«, Prepaid, tut ,
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIANA BITTER3. THE
great Mexican remedy; gives health and
strength to sexual organs. Depot. K3 barker-
AMUSEMENTS.
HIGH CLASS VAUDEVILLE.
JESSIE BARTLETT DAVIS.
JOHNSTONE BROTHERS, McCABE^
AND DANIELS. OZAV AND DELMO,
YOUN'O AMERICA QUINTETTE.
QUERITA VINCENT. JOHNSON AND
DEAN. MANSFIELD AND WILBUR,
AMERICAN BIOGRAPH.
Reserved seats. 25c; balcony, 10c; opera chain
and box seats, 50c
Matinees Wednesday. Saturday and Sunday.
*TIVQLI*
TWO STJPERB OPERATIC PRODUCTIONS.
TO-XIGHT. "WEDNESDAY. FRIDAY. SAT-
URDAY NIGHTS.
" FAUST."
Tuesday. Thursday. Sunday Evenings and Sat-
urday Matinee.
"TROVATORE."
POPULAR PRICES-23C AND EOc,
Telephone, Bush 9.
— ALL THI3 WEEK—
MATINEE SATURDAY.
CLAY L. R.
CLEMENT STOCKWELL
And a stronff company, presenting the
GREAT DOUBLE BILL,
"THE BELLS."
(Clay Clement as Mathlas.)
And Dion Boucicault's powerful one-act play,
NAPOLEON'S GUARD.
TWO EXCELLENT CASTS.
Next "Week— "THE MAGISTRATE."
GRAND OPERA HOUSE
/
MATINEE SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
SECOND AND LAST WEEK OF
QUO VADIS.
Introducing In the Arena Scene
ADGIE'S LIONS.
NEXT WEEK BLUE JEANS
Evening Prices 10c. 15c. 25c. 50o
A Few Front Rows In Orchestra. 75c.
Matinee Trices 10c. 15c. 25c, 50c No higher.
Branch Ticket Office. Emporium.
ALF ELLINGHOUSE. Lessee and Manager.
Phone. South 770.
EVERY EVEJWNG THIS WEEK.
MATINEE SATURDAY.
Farewell Performances.
FERRIS HARTMAN
WITH
The Nautical Farcical Success.
15c. 25c. 33c and 50c.
Next Sunday Afternoon — The New York
World'e success, "KELLY'S KIDS."
Regular prices: Evening— 15c, 25c, 33c. SOc
and 75c. Matinee — 15c. 25c. 35c and SOc.
SWiftSrW
Laughing WeekStarts To-Night.
A BRAND NEW FARCE,
"The Widow's Husband"
SPECIAL. ENGAGEMENT OF .
.AX>.A. LEWIS.
Fun From Rise to FalJ of Curtain.
MATINEE SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
NEXT WEEK— "THE TIGRESS."
FIRST APPEARANCE In America of the
Azzali Grand Italian Opera Co.
SUNDAY NIGHT, Sept. 23.
—^Presenting
"OTHELLO."
Sale of Seats Commences THURSDAY Morn-
ing, September 20. at 9 o'clock. NO INCREASE
OF PRICES. Reserved Seats— Night. 23c. 50c.
75c;' Matinee. 25c. 50c
Monday, Friday. "CARMEN" : Tuesday,
"AIDA"; Wednesday Night. Saturday Mati-
nee. "TRAVIATA"; Thursday, Saturday.
"OTHELLO." ¦
FISCHER'S CONCERT HOUSt.
Uanlon & Singer, Paul La Croix, Mae Tunl-
eon. J. F. Veaco. Olive Vail. Pearl Hlckman
and the New Movlnjr Pictures.
Reserved Seats, 25c; Matinee Sunday.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
DR. GROSSMAN'S SPECIFIC MIXTURE
For k the i cure of GONORRHOEA. GLiZETS,
STRICTURES and analagoum complaints ul tha
Ortam of Generation. - ......
STico SI » botUe. For •*!• bjr Urui"*****.
Near Powell.
BRILLIANT'S,
338-340:342 POST ST.,
Open Evenings.
BIC REDUCTIONS IN
Furniture and Carpets.
CALL AND INSPECT OUR PRICES.
CASH OR CREDIT.
A T> V P. R.TTgTnVTE'rOT'a.
I J I V OF r A U I S
Dry Goods ""^^^^p Company.
MILLINERY OPENING!
Mondays September 17.
First Exhibit of Parisian Pat-
tern Hats, Bonnets, Choice
Foreign Novelties in Millinery
OUR EXCLUSIVE SPECIALTY-THE
CONNELLY HATS
CITY OF PARIS DRY GOODS COMPANY,
SE. Corner Geary and Stockton Stoats Sas Francisco.
UNION 6QUARB.
5®®®®®®®®!i!®®®®®®®(5®®®S®®®
A •nVTTBTTS'Pr'vnP-'WTS-
TELEPHONE GRANT 33.
"RIENZI" BeiJr
New car of quarts and pints just
arrived. The most popular beer in
New York to-day. Note our special
price below
SPECIAL REDUCTIONS
MONDAY-TUESDAY-WEDNESDAY
Tea, (0 kinds, reg. 50c Ib 40c
• AH this eeason'e; of an extra flne qual-
ity.
"Rienzi" Bear, g& doz qts$2.IO
Ree. U 60. DOZ. PTS 91.33
The delicate aroma of "Rlenzi" is due
to the flne Imported Saarzec Bohemian
hops used in this brand.
Dates, "Fard," reg. 15c Ib 10c
Best Imported.
Prunes, Gal. French 4 lbs 25c
Regularly lOo Ib.
Cherries in Maraschino, reg. 70c. qt 60c
Ree. Wo. PINT 40c
"Victor" brand. First carload of this
season's pack Just in. Acknowledged
jo be sut>erlor to all others.
Tooth Brushes, Kent's, reg- 35c 25c
Made in London; the best In the
world. Every brush guaranteed.
Sardines, French, reg. 30c can 20c
Imported: largo cans. Only limited
quantity at this low price.
Nail Brushes,. reg. 35c 25c
Best Russian bristles and solid back.
Spring Salmon, "Chinook" 20c
Regularly 23c. Columbia River; tbia
season's catch.
Cocoanut, Shredded, reg. 20c Ib 15c
Schepp'B..
Huntley & Palmer, London,
Dinner Biscuits Ib 40c
Whsalmeal Crackers, re;. 35c Ib 30c
Paraffine Matches, "New Era"5pkgs 25c
Regularly 4 pkgrs 25o.
Rye Whisky, "Hermitage" bot $1.15
, 6 Wk B n 0bot - gal $4.50
1SS9. The leader of all ryes.
EL MURIAL
Imported Havana Clear.
Larsre 12lio size.
\ for the human stomach is h
I found in foods prepared H
\ Use it for '
I s&ortcEiEag - Frying 1
t It is Healthful — Nutri- I
I ' tious — Economical. p
j Ask your grocer for it or write B
I India Refining Co. 1
h Philadelphia, Pa. ||
jgs^rJSJ"i,^ I will guarantee
J^£2^$>v that my Kldaer Cure
i»3^^wa^vi3t f11 cnro 00 P er ceut -
s * BS * 4i^^» of all forms of kidney
%?' complaint and In
HH '&$¥ man y Instances tue
f9 Sfv%f i i$Z*'-7P most serious forma of
y~ *& V*j5jr Bright'a disease. If
\ /"ra^-'V'/ t& e disease Is com-
\Z*"Jxtf$3 plicated send a four-
-jf^*h— j*ffif*_ onnce rial of urine.
«^$jfek*iZ5«**3?3fefc wl11 analyze it
«nd advise you free
I %}'<• what to do.
: I;.: j f MUKTOIf.
At an drugglits, SSe. a rial. Guide to Health
§VIM, VIGOR. VITALITY for MEN
MORMON BISHOP'S PILLS
have been in use over fifty
•years by the leaders of the
Mi/rmon Church and their fol-
lowers. Positively cures the
worst cases in old and young
arising from effects of Belt-
abuse, dissipation, excesses or
cigarette-smoking. Cures Tx>st
Manhood. Impotency. Lost
Power, NlKht Losses, Insom-
nia Fains !n Back. Evil Desires, Lame Back,
Nervous Debility. Headache, Unfltness to Mar-
ry, Loss of Semen, tmm Varlcocele or Con-
Btlpntion. Stops ne *5 MB rvous Twitching
of Eyelids. Effects r e Immediate.
Impart vlsror and t ' E/¥ * => potency to every
function. Don't cet despondent: a cure Is at
hand. Restores small, undeveloped organs.
Stimulate? the brain and nerve centers: 60c a
box: 6 for $2 SO by mall. A written guarantee to
cure or money refunded with 6 boxes. Circulars
free. Address BISHOP REMEDY CO.. 40 Ellla
ft., San Francisco, Cal., GRANT DRUO CO.,
18 «.nd 40 Third st
PALACE HOTEL
It is universally acknowledged that these
hotels possess the attributes that appeal
to particular people — undoubted luxury and
"comfort, unsurpassed cuisine and service
and superior appointments and location.
Connected by uncovered passageway and
operated undergone management on th«
American and Kuropean plans.
GRAND HOTEL
I DR.PBERCES
CSptDEN
MEDICAL
DISCOVERY
FOR THE
I BSLQQP.LIVER.LLIJMGS.
IA/. TV HESS.
.KOTABY JV2L1G ASJ ATTORNEI-AT-LAW.
Tenth Floor, Room 1013. Claus Spreckels' Bldg.
Telephone Brown 931.
Residence. £21 California st.. below Powell.
San Francisco.
PATENTS' .1}
a?f J MARKET ST. S.F.
Dr. Bennett's Electric Belt
Makes weak men and women strong and strong
men and women stronger. Rooms 5 and 6, 47
Post st., San Francisco Cal.
Weekly Call,$1.00 per YearProtests may be filed at the Merchants' Exchange up to
6 p. m. to-day, at which hour the repatta committee will
meet to consider v them, and also to take the evidence of the
skippers of the sloops Presto and Amlgo, the former boat
having apparentbJcommitted a breach of the recognized rules
of the road m forcing the latter to luff when she was on
the starboard tack and had the right of way over the former.
Qwing to this circumstance the Macdonough Cup and the first
prize pennant in the thirty-foot class still remain unrewarded.
Should the investigation show that the Presto committed a
breach of the rules sne must be disqualified, and the Mac
donough Cup will in that case go to the bpat which finished
second. The full results are shown in the table:
dall and Harry Glbbs. timers. The officials and press repre
sentatives were accommodated on the tup Relief, which was
in charge of T. F. Tracy. J. R, Savoy's sloop Junlata was
windward stakeboat and J. S. Mattoon secured the leeward
mark.
•Did not finish
His Money Was No Good.
Charles Conlon and, Joseph Down went
into a Kearny-street saloon last night and
the latter insisted upon buying drinks
with a counterfeit dollar. When the bar
tender refused to receive the bad coin
Conlon poked . his first througrh a large
window.. Down was charg-ed with at
tempting to pass counterfeit money and
his friend with malicious mischief.
American League Games.
MILWAUKEE. Sept. 16.— First game: Mil
waukee 3. Cleveland 2.
Second same: Milwaukee 1, Cleveland 8
KANSAS CITY, Sept. lO.-Kansaa City 5
Buffalo 11. y "'
DETROIT, Sept. 16.— Detroit 3. Minneapolis 4.
CHICAGO. Sept. 16.— Chicago 6. Indtana&l
oils 0. _____—______^_^^_
M-)vd (-wiinmlnir race — Won by P. Itevcrt
I. Ji-jfkler 6econ«l. Under»-at«r awim'mlnir
rare — Won bj- J. Eramey. P. I.undln Feeond
I);i-!r.p f»r plate— Wen hy P. Revert. J. O'Brien
*e<*ond. John Dixon third. 100-yard i>»imminic
race— Won by K. Har.twTgr, J. Johnson necond.
S: i-irxboard rflvinr—^.Von by W. Carroll. J
O*IJrten B«v.'OTid. Jlirh divine — Won by S. Car
rol. John Stockton «ecoad.
The row music Ftand attracted the ma
jority of the pleasure seekers at the Park
and beach yesterday. There were no ac
cidents or notable incidents within the
inclosure or at the beach. The usual laree
crowd «asFombled at the Chutes and en-
Jnyed Tho many attractions. A larpe crowd
ff p*>ectalors *Vi«Tched the swimming and
dhins- contests at tho Sutro Baths. The
result js wore as follows:
Sunday at Park and Beach.
Married at California Hotel.
The'marriaRe of Carl Muntcr and Miss
Jennie Wollenberir wa3 solemnized last
evening at 6 o'clock In the parlors of the
California Hotel by Rabbi M. S. Levy.
The bride was attended by her sister. Miss
Natalie Wollenbf rg. as mal<1 of honor. «an 1
the groom had his brother. B^rnhard
Munter. for his best man. After the cere
mony the quests to the number of sev
enty-five sat dowr^ to an elaborate wed
ding supper. Mr. blunter Is a member of
the firm of Cohn & Hunter, merchants of
Cottonwood. Shasta County. His wife is
a well-known belle of Roseburs. Or. Tho
couple will depart for Cottonwood In a
few days to take up tneir residence there.
Minor Baseball.
COL.USA. Sept. 16.-- Colusa defeated
Marysville to-day in tne best game of ball
ever played in* Colusa by a score of 3 to •>
OROVILLE. Sept. 16.-The local base":
ball nine defeated the Grldley men to-dav
by a score of 3 to 2. * *
The handball games at the San Fran
cisco handball courts yesterday afternoon
resulted aa follows:
J. R. Bockman and L. Waterman.... 21 21 i<>
E. McDonough and E. Lynch [17 20 21
O. McDonald and M. McNeil... 21 ,= 91
U Escolle and P. McKinnon ".!.".'.13 21 11
J. McNamara and T. Finn.... ?i »i «<
T. McManus and S. Garvey *!*;KS Ji ;s
P. Kelly and P. Hutchinson. 21 21 21 14 1- -n
G. Hutchinson and W. Kelly.18 13 20 21 21 10
S. Wurkhelm and E. Levene 21 'l ?i
B. Meyers and J. Lange ...'.'. a l\ y>
FRENCH GAME.
F. Tihlsta and L. Juau Kft „„„
J. Erramuspl and M. Ellclhe T! !!."!. 21 acls
O. B. Hayward and P. Ryan. ..21 14 21 i<» -n
D. Connelly and M. Joyce. 17 21 15 21 fg
T. Leach and T. Foley 21 21 17 i^ 91
W. Magulre and W. Walah 16 13 21 » %
E. White and J. Refrlt.. »i <« 91
IF. Smith and Eugene Wn!teIvJi!!!;;.":S fo 19
M. Dillon and C. Lakln .21 14 21 18 21
A. McVlcker and W. Fisher 13 21 15 2* 19
J. Harlow and M. J. KU|rallon..21 n IS 17 ' 21
J. White and E. Curley 16 10 2i 21 so
Handball Contests.
Hollander tho Victor.
PARIS, Sept. 16.— Cordans of Holland
was the victor In the 24-hour contest
for the gold cup. which bcRun at Vin
cennes. He covered 95t> kilometers and 773
meters Walters of England, the former
champion, broke the world's record from
four to nineteen hours. At the end of
the nineteenth hour he had made S27 kilo
meters and 2S5 meters. During the twpn
tleth hour he collapsed and did not return
to the wheel. The Americans did not com
pete in this race. •
Frwl lenders vs. George Watson in
pounds; A. Attrl vk. Hen Dwyer Kit
rounds; Jack Welch vs. Jack Monroe m
pounds; Wil! Kelly vs. Ed Jones n
pounds; Georpo I'uller vs. Harry Pool 120
pound*: Jamos Ryan vs. Tom" Sulltvati
135 pounds; Ous Salisbury vs. Fred Wolf'
140 pounds; Jim Little vs. Bob Cross 1*3
pounds. '
Abo At-.e! the hard-hitting product of
North Beach: is to content four rounds
with Uon Dwyer. a willing fighter from
the same section. Following is the com-
The Golden Gate AthWic Club will hold
Un *oeond boxing tournament to-morrow
r.iprht in Washington-square Hall, Stock
ton and rnion streets. Some of the d«v
erest amateurs «.f the city are Ditted
ESrainst oaoh other. pmea
AMATEURS WILL SPAR
FOR MEDALS AND GLORY
Attendance at Chutes Last Night
Large and Entertainment
Was Good.
Over five thousand people attended tho
Chutes last evening on the occasion of
the grand memorial benefit to the widow
of the late Colonel V. D. Djiboce. In th«
theater after the overture by the regi
mental band of the First California Vol
unteers Mayor James D. Phelan waa in
troduced to the audience by Charles Ark
crman. The Mayor paM the deceased a
glowing tribute and complimented the
people of San Francisco for their larg*
attendance at the benefit and for their
ever ready response to the appeal of char-
Durinj? the evening Forrest Seahury
made a high dive into the lake, the elec
tric fountain wa# turned on and a tine
programme was rendered.
Everybody went away well pleased with
tho evening's entertainment.
VICTOR DUBOCE BENEFIT
WAS A GREAT SUCCESS
The fall shooting festival of the Cali
fornia Schuetzen Club opened . yesterday
at Schuetzen Park. A. H. Pape did some
remarkable shooting, breaking the Amer
ican record In the two hundred shot con
test, hitherto held in the Kast by William.
Hayes with 372 points. Pape scored 3SS
points. He will undoubtedly carry off the
Honors ot the festival. ', _
The day was perlect, barring a light
westerly wind that blew .Across tne range.
The shooting pavilion was crowded with
ambitious marksmen and all of the avail
able targets were in use. Many ,visiting»
knights of the rifle were present from
different portions »of .the State. The San
Jose Kifle Club was well represented by
George Kcppei, president, J. G. McMillan,
A. E, Weber, Max M. Schmidt. Edward
Maxey, J. Currlin, W. H. Roberts and
Ernest Keppel. The Sacramento Hel
vetia Rltle Club's contingent was as fol
lows: Jacob Meyer/ president, Emil
Schmidt. \V. R. Hyatt, E. E. Meyer Jr..
Jacob Gauhler, F. W. Book and Henry
Eckhardt. The visitors did some splendid
shooting. »
The contestants in the King medal and
honors shoot number seventeen. Hereto
fore only a few of the old stalwarts
among the marksmen have entered in this
contest. The younger element this time,
however, are making a great struggle to
gain the prize. The festival committee
in charge is composed aa follows:
T>. II. Faktor, president; A. Rahwyler, H.
Stettin. Captain F. A. Kuhls, L.. Reubold, Otto
Bremer. The shooting masters are T. J. Car
roll. J. C. Waller, L. C. Babin and M.
Schrumrf.
The festival will close to-night and over
$1000, besides many valuable medals and
prizes, will be distributed among the
lucky marksmen.
The scores of the day were as follows:
Bullseye «hoot— L. Lancer. 32; A. Strecker
35; J. McMillan. 53; A. Pape^ 62; A. . Gehret'
165; C. TMerbach, . 12S; J. Gruhler. 171: Phllo
RtFLE RECORD
IS SMASHED
BY A. H. PAPE
— ?
Big Shooting Festival at San
Rafael Draws Large
Crowd.
Totals «? H 18 2 27 17 4
STOCKTON.
AB. H. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
McCarthy. 1. f 6 1 1 0 1 0 1
McGucken. c f 5 12 0 10 0
Moore, 2b 5 12 0 3 4 2
Ptreib. lb 5 110 7 0 1
! McHale, r. f & 2b.. 4 0 3 1 2 2 0
! Graham, c 5 110 8 10
Babbitt, ss 10 0 0 10 0
Kaprar, r. f 4 12 0 2 0 1
Courtney, 2b & ES... 4 13 0^ 2 4 0
Harper, p 4 12 0 0 1 0
Whalen, p 1 0 0 0 0 0 0
Totals 43 8 17 1 27 12 6
RUNS AND HITS BT INNINGS.
Sacramento 1 -2201030 2—11
Kase hits 2 3 3 2 2 13 0 2-18
Stockton 0 0 0 21(0(0- 8
Ease hits 1 10 3 3 5 2 0 2—17
SUMMARY.
Huns responsible for— Doyle ' 4, Harper 6.
Home runs— Stanley, Hanlon, Courtney. Three
base hits— Stanley. Hughes. Streibw Two-base
hits— McCarthy. Sacrifice hits— Stulz, McHale.
First base on errors — Sacra.mento 5. Stockton
4. First base on balls — Whalen 2, Hushes 1.
I/«ft on bases— Sacramento 12, Stockton 10.
Struck out— By Doyle 5, by Harper 6. Double
play— Hushes to Kagan to Hanlon. Passed
ball— Stanley. Wild pitches— I>oyle 1. Harper
1. Time. 2:30. Umpire— OConnell. Scorer— I.
C. Nathan.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Mclaughlin 1. f.... 6 0 1 0 10 0
Kgan a "s X '. 3b ..V:.-.V.I "I 3_J A I 1
HUBhSi, c. f. &P... 5 0 1-0 0 2 0
Hanlon. lb 6 2 3 0 10 2 1
Stanley c 5 2*3 0 7 0 0
We ey r.t=.l B 12 0 110
Ftulz. 2b 4 1 I 0 J « 2
Dennie. r. f B>, .2 2 0 10 0
SACRAMENTO.
Afternoon Game.
SUMMARY.
Runs resporiBlNe for— Hushes 2. Two-base
hits— Hughes. McOucken. Haeriflce hits— Mc-
Gurken. MeHale. First base on errorn — Knora
mento 1. First base on balls — Hughes 7. Wha
len 6 L«eft on baces- Haeramento 10, Stockton
8 Ptniek out— By Hughes 4, by Whalen 4. Hit
by pitcher— Oevereaux. Double plays— Hughes
to Stulz to Hanlon. Huuhes to Stanley to Han
lon MeHale to Ornham to Moore, Moore to
Strelb Wild pitch— Whalen. Time. 1:40. Um
plre-O'Connell. Scorer— I. C. Nathan.
Moore, 3b 4 0 0 0 6 8 1
Strelb. lb 3 1 0 0 10 0 0
MeHale. r. f 3 0 0 0 110
Graham, c 2 110 4 10
Habbltt. ss 2 0 0 0.3 0 0
Courtney. 2b 3»0 2 0 2 1 0
Whalen, p 4 0 0 0 0 10
Totals 28 2 4 0 27 12 1
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Sacramento 0 00000000-0
Base hits 0 01011200—5
Stockton 0 0000000 2—2
Base hits 0 02000002—4
The first bullseye in the day was made
hy F. A. Kuhls, the first twenty-five-point
ecore by D. B. Faktor. the last bullseye
of the morning by C. M. Henderson the
first bullseye in the afternoon by F' W
Belknap and the last bullseye of the day
by I* Haake.
The first grand shooting festival of the
San Jose, Schuetzen Club will be held
there on the 30th inst. Nearly $1000 and
many prizes will be the incentive to {rood
shooting. The committee in charge of the
festival was at Schuetzen Park yesterday
with hearty invitations to -nil marksmen
to enter the Garden City contests. The
committee was composed of George Ken
pel, A. E. 'Weber, Max Schmidt, Edward
Maxey, Captain Schumacher and R.
Scherf.
Point target— A. Pape, 501; D. B. Faktor, 463-
F. E. Mason. 429; A. Strecker, 364; F. I". Fchus
ter, 360; C. M. Henderson, 343; F. \V. BelknaD
324, D. W. Mclaughlin, 319.
Honorary target— E. Sehmid of Sacramento
72: A. Pape. 70; I). B. Faktor. 70; A. Strecker
6S; B. Salneld. 68.
Jacoby. 174; F. W. Relknap. 190: D. B. Fak
tor, Ul: O. Bremer. 206; F. A. KuhlB, 272; M.
Uuebold, 261; C. M. Henderson, 264; W. R.
Hayat, 265; F. P. Schuster. 290; F. E. Mason,
378: C. J. Walden. 3*8; J. Meyer. 339; E.
Schmidt, 412; J. F. BridKe*. 412: F. Baumgart
n»r, 412; O. Salfleltl, 452; IJ. W, MeI>auKhIin
452; R. Finking, 502; J. Jones. 513; A. Rahwyler,
515; C. Meyer, 549; A. Jungblut. 554; A. Ber
telson. 757. The men named were the prize
winners.
Kin* fhoot. mept points in 200 shots— A. Pape
SS8; A. Strecker. ! 365; F. E. Mason, 356; R. W.
Wyatt. 334; C. M. Henderson. .314; F. \V. Bel
knap, 314; D. W. McLauchltn, 304; C. Thier
bach, 304; J. Meyer. 304; D. B. Faktor. 300.
Enthusiasts Hot at Their Favorite
Sport Before the Close of
«. the Season.
Testerday was re-entry day for the fly
casters at Stow Lrfike. The next con
test, held two weeks hence, will close
the events for the season of 1900. At the
close the averages for the season will be
computed and the winners in the various
classes announced.
Yesterday's scores were as follows:
RE-ENTRY FLYCASTING
CONTESTS AT STOW LAKE
-in" ° ( °. UI1 C carried off the honors with
riflo. putpi and revolver. His rifle shoot-
Ing at kj yards was the best of the sea-
Bon/. lie made a consecutive shots in
the .-inch ring, and one lu-shot score with
«'l the shots in the 6-inch ring. 6 <3
?" h !C h J vore E P o tted In a 3-lnch ring. Dr
iflf* T^» l t f i ok , flrs . t honors with the 22
rifle, and P. Becker in the 30-30 milltarv
match.
Eh^tinff-° n Columbla tareet. off-hand
Rifle match. 200 yards-F. O. Young
5, 3. 1. t 2. 6. 4. 6, 5. 9-41. or a 4.1-inen ring :
averag/— «. A r,3. 54. 56. C3. A B Da.r
roll: 58, &) 72. 75. C7. Militarv mat?h-
I. Becker (Creedmore count;— 45, 44 (3J3t
carbine).
Pistol match, r.i yards: F. O Younsr—
#A"- ft : $ Hnvey-^4, 55 6i «.«%*.
.<<: Dr. H. \\ . Hunsak«*r— f5. 81 S3- p
Iiocker-e3. O. 70; Dr. J. F. Twlstl-CJ '73
C. P. Walt ham— 24, 2H. 31. 34- P Becker
£7. ZC 50; E. A. AHen-42, 43 45 Uecker ~
M^rWaHhTnT^. 1118101 -^- Barle^ M -
Mrs. Waltham's score of 24 to-dav. the
****¦ *'L th l^° ? rifle - off han<i a * 61 yard"
never has been beaten by any ladv nince
the club s inception, oxcept by herself
j=he having a 58. or 2-inch ring average to
her credit.
First Honors With Small Arms Are
Carried Off by Fred O.
Young.
The Columbia Pistol and Rifle Club's
Rhoot at Harbor View yesterday was not
as wrll atteifded as usual, several of the
experts having gone to the German shoot
with the expectation of winning their
l.rst prizes. Many visitors were guests
il u cl " b v am 2, nB lhose b '-'"S Albert M.
I»ivall of the Tuulumne Rifle Club at
Bonora and George W. Jordan of Boston.
COLUMBIA CLUB HOLDS
RIFLE AND PISTOL SHOOT
Giant Street Pageant in Which Richly
Caparisoned Animals Will Be
a Feature.
"Don't miss the Rlngllngs' circus pa
rade next Wednesday," says Colonel
Brady, the genial representative of that
aggregation of sawdust talent, and adds
that In all probability this injunction is
needles?. Few people miss a 'circus pa
rade, unless they are bedridden or so
soured by the misfortunes of life that the
smiles of the world are a saddening re
flection. Here is where you see the really
fine horse, sleek and well groomed, and
stepping with a pride of beauty that
makes one think of an American bud who
has landed a foreign title of the purplest
purple tinge. Obviously, the men who
groom these horses "remember the
mane."
Even the elophants. ponderous animals
that they are. with beginnings and end-
Ings that almost shut out the sun. mov«
along with an airy Independence that
makes you think of a politician at a pic
nic. They evidently do not need any di
gestive, stimulant, for they are so ag
gressively round and lazily healthy that
the moral of their presence. If it has any
relation to diet, must make you think
that Dickens' fat h^y was a much-abused
figure of storied speech.
Then there are the camels, with thplr
characteristic hump covered like a throne;
the equestriennes, mounted up on well
bred Kentucky horses and gayly-earbed:
the ear-racking clown band, a half-dozen
other brass bands, one of them on horse
hack, but in more musical accord, and the
little, tableau cars that picture for the lit
tle folks well-known fairy characters. To
make the strange sounds complete, which
run from the noises of the wild beasts to
the musical concord of a handsomely uni
formed band. oh|mes of church bells are
rung at intervals and the steam caliope
Is screechingly busy. All in all. a circus
parade of the Rlngllng Brothers' show is
something fiot to be missed.
RINGLING BROTHERS' BIG
CIRCUS WILL PARADE
The California Club will ha\> its annual
election of directors September 29. A
tournament will be arranged for the same
date.
The pleasant weather brought a large
crowd to the California Club tennla
grounds yesterday. George Whitney de
feated Merle Johsson 6-1, 67I, 6-4. Dr.
Lane at last turned the tables on J. D.
Beuret and beat him'6-3. 6-3, 6-2. Frank
lin Lane was defeated by his brother. Dr.
Lane, 6-4, 7-5. W. B. Collier beat H. W.
Crowell 6-8. 6-4. 6-2. Harry Weihe beat
Ray Cornell 11-9. 6-4. Kuehn beat Percy
Bailey 6-3. 7-5. 9-7. J. A. Code beat Wal
ter McGavin 4-6. 9-7, 6-4. Harry Weihe
beat Grant Smith 5-7, 6-4. 6-3. Collier beat
Crowell 7-5.'' 6-2. 6-3. Al Rosenberg boat
J. D. Beuret 6-0, 6-1. J. A. Code and Al
Rosenberg played a tie, 4-6. 6-3. Spang
ler beat Wallace 6-2, 6-3, 6-2.
Courts of the California Club Are
Crowded With Racket Adepts.
TENNIS PLAYERS MEET „
IN IMPROMPTU CONTESTS
The- Oljrmpjc's team left on the over
land last night for Reno. Nevada, where
thty will meet th<- Rtno Wheelmen to-day
in a J,fty-mile rflay contest, ten men to
will K e "i!- ,-° « dP °*S xniks ' The riders
wiU be: h.. 1-. Russ. E. O. Kragness P
S. Hanna., W. Pedler. J. E. Balgor C
''f,;. 1 ; gavte. J Ephraim. J. Emerv
¦nd \\ . n. Mara. Substitutes: George E
Th:.T tZ i^-, MoKinney - Trainer. Al fJcan!
Wkir U a Tt Ompanlpd b >' William
}'u^ MonteaJegre and H. H.
The official* of the race were: E B
Learning, referee; Charles Albert Adams'
iboxnas <.ar!and, J. G. Rease, judges'
J<i!in A. IlammiTFralth, Joseph A. Desi
rrwr.e, Josepb Delmas. G<-orge Fuller
timers; F H. Clarke. William Mackle. F.'
C.. Momealegre. scorers; Thomas G. SpU
!anp, starter. '
n-io whs not as large a crowd as usual
• ' • Crush, but the course was in splen
oid condition. Prior to yesterday the
record wa« 52:11. held by C. A. Kraft. Uay
i v m ht ,'' llJ^ »• ir » *&*¦ Three Olympics
and all th.- Garden City riders beat this
time F«sterday, and the best ride was
RUide by K. F. Russ. Olympic, 49:37 3-5,
»tucta v.ill Btmnd as the record for the race
hereafter until bettered.
THE fifth annual regatta of the Pacific- Interclub Yacht
Association was retailed yesterday without mishap. The
preparatory signal was given at noon, and ten minutes
Inter the twenty-live footers and yawls were sent across
the starting line. In the twenty-live foot class there were four
starters, the sloops Cupid, May, Merope and Phoenicia, all of
the Corinthian Yacht Club. Commodore Hawks' May won by
a very narrow marcrin, ' Merope being second. Four yawls
started, and one of these, the Spray, did not finish. The
Gypsie of the California Yacht Club won by twenty-two sec
onds, corrected time, the Arcturus of the Corinthian Yacht
Club being second. The Nereid finished one hour later than
the two leader?. The greatest Interest centered in the thirty
foot class, the Macdonough Cup being the first prize in that
class. The race would have been even more interesting than
it was had C. Chapman's Gadden and Commodore J. W. Pew's
Truant taken part. Frank Stone's Presto, sailed by her owner,
beat her nearest rival, Wcsterfeld and Morrow's Aeolus, which
has already won three Macdonough cups, by the ample margin
of eighteen minutes thirty seconds corrected time. Part" of
this large gain v.as attributed to the fact that Frank Stone,
instead of working close in along the Presidio shore, stood
well over to the Marin -ide, to take advantage of the last of
the ebb tide running there, while his rivals were already buck
ing a flood. Aeolus finished second and Amigo nearly nine
minutes later, corrected time.
In the thiriy-six foot class there were four starters, the
sloops Edna, Harpoon and Queen of the Corinthian Yacht
Club nnd the sloop Thetis of the Sun Franciscos, The two
last named did not finish, and the Harpoon beat the Edna
more than sixteen minutes, corrected time. In the forty-four
foot class, starting at 12:40 p. m., four crossed the line, but
the Rover and the Neptune did not finish. . E. Donohoe's
Speedwell took first place, beating A. J. Young'.s Clara by
nearly fifteen minutes, corrected time.
In the seventy-foot class 1. Gutte's schooner Chispa wa.s
the only starter and covered the middle course, reckoned at
fourteen nautical miles, in two hours thirty-eight minutes
twenty-four seconds actual time, or not quite twelve minutes
better than the Presto. The schooners Lurllne and Ramona
nnd the yawl Tramontana had entered in this class, hut, much
to the regret of the spectators, who seldom have a chance
of seeing big boats racing, did not start.
'The twenty-five footers and yawls sailed over the short
course from the starting line to the stakeboat off Pacific
Shoal, thence to Blossom Rock buoy, thence to leeward stake
boat and hack to starting line. The yachts of the thirty
foot, thirty-six foot and forty-four foot classes, and the
schooner Chispa sailed the middle course, which included
another beat out to windward and a run home. The early
part of the race was sailed on slack water, but by far the
greater part of it on a flood tide. There was a nice, steady
sailing breeze, but not enough for the heavy weather boats.
As the tide was with the wind, there was very little sea.
The officials of the day w;ere: Captain H. T. Emery, referee;
R. R. l'Hommedleu and C.*L Tisdale, judges; F. C. Coyken-
FOUR OF THE FLYERS THAT PARTICIPATED IN THE CONTESTS.
SACRAMEXTO. Sept. 16.— The Sacra
mento and Stockton teams met twice to
day, each winning a game. Hughes and
Whalen did the box work in the first
pame. and did good work. Sacramento
took the afternoon game. The pame was
a slupr^iBK contest. Whalen and Hughes
relieved Harper and Doyle in the eighth
inning:.
The afternoon game was protested by
Manager Harper of the Stocktons on the
decision of the umpire in not allowing a
runner to score from third base on a balk
by Pitcher Doyle to first base. Score
Jlrst game:
SACRAMENTO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E
McLaughlln. 1. f...B 0 0 0 2 Oo
Devereaux 2b 1 0 0.1 1 2 0
Katran. en 3 0 0 0 2 10
llughw, p 2 "0 1 1 0 3 0
Hanlon, lb 4 0 0 ' 0 7 1 o
Stanley, c 4 0 10 5 10
iNjyle. e. f 3 0 2 2 3 0 0
Stulz, 2b 4 0 0 0 6 3 0
Decnle. r. i 4 0 10 10 0
Totals M 0 5 4 27 10 0
STOCKTON.
„ _ . , Y. AD. n_ BH. 8B. PO. A. E.
McCarthy, 1. f 4 0 0 0 10 0
McOueken. c. 1 2 0 10 19 0
Even Break at Sacramento.
Runs responsible for— Borchern 2. Three-bape
hit— Held. Two-base hits— Moskiman. Franckn,
HpM. Drcnnsn, Arrelianes. Sacrlflco hit— Man-
F«rin«. First base r>n errors — Oaklana 3, Kan
Francisco 3. First base on called halls — Oak
land 6, Pan Francisco 4. L#ft on hasps—Oak
land i. San Francisco R. Struck out— By Borch
cr* 5. by Iburp 3. Hit by pitcher— Iburj?. lK«uble
Iilays— Arre'lanes to lfutchinson: Rellly to
J'abFt. Time of prame— 1:40. Umpire — H. Smith
OfHclal scorer— H. S. McFarlin.
AB. R. tiU PB. PO. A E.
Prennan, c. f S 2 1 0 1 0 A
Hutchlr.son. 1b 3 1 0 0 11 0 0
Franrks, *. s 4 1 2 0 1 4 2
Arrellanps". 2b 5 2 2 0 3 3 0
MoFkimnn. 3b 4 2 2 0 12 1
Borchers. p 4 12 0 0 11
Bowman, 1. t 5 10 0 10 0
Held. r. f 4 0 2 0 8 0 0
Ma.nperlna, c 4 10 0 6 11
Totals S3 12 11 0 27 U 1
BAN FRAXCISCO.
AB. R. BH. PB. PO. A E.
nrockhon*. c. t S 0 1 o 6 0 0
Hildphrand. r. f 4 1 1 0 0 0 0
Schwartz, 2b 3 0 0 0 2 1 1
Pahst, lb 3 10 17 0 1
Sullivan, c 4 0 0 0 4 10
lurry. 1. f 4 0 1 l l o o
Kfus. f. s 4 0 0 0 2 2 1
Reilly, Cb 3 0 0 0 3 4 3
lburff, p 2 0 0 0 0 3 1
Totals 22 2 3 2 24 11 7
RUNS AXD HITS BY IXNIXGS.
San Francisco 0 0010001 0—2
Base hits I 00100010—3
Oakland 3 0 3 13 0 0 2 •— 12
Uase hits.'....' 3 0 2 2 2 0 0 2 •— 11
SUMMARY.
OAKUXD.
Old Chief Porchers proved himself the
sensational twir!er of the day. The local
stickers could do nothing with his curves
Three times Borchers was hit. but there
was not even a Eign of bunching. The
score:
Ham Iburg was slaughtered, mashed
and churned yenerday mornlnp by the
r>ud?s In baseball evolutions on their own
Oakland grounds. It was not all Inurp
as far as the fixing of responsibility Roes
Seven « rrors. four of which Rellly at third
was puilty of, added to the sharp stick
work of Oakland and made a gift of the
pamo. i
MORNING GAME
Oakland 12, San Francisco 2
The fourth innintr was nil to the Dudes, j
! who discovered Mr. Kitzpntriok. the tire
man. Three hits, coupled with a poor
throw of Fitzpatrick to murder Hutrhln
eon at socond and an error by Krupr. were
Instrumental in the tallying of Hutohin-
Bon. Framks :in<i Axrel'anes. In tho sixth i
Oakland added two inns making: the:
score 6-5, This looked like the last chance :
of the Dudes winninp a victory. An ex- !
cusaWe error by Hlldebrand, who dropped
¦ fly after :\n exceedingly Ions: run. scored
Mosklman an-1 Borchers. Tin. Dudes tried
bard to tic tli" score, but Fan Francisco i
continued to add runs and build up a |
"cinch" victory. The score:
OAKLAND.
AB. R. BH. Sa PO. A. E.
Dror.nan. c. f 4 0 ft 0 2 0 0 '
HutcfalnKOO, 1b ."> l 2 0 9 0 0 i
Francka. ». s •"> 1 ft ft 2 4 l
Arrellaoem, ;b r. 110 3 5 0:
Moskiman. 3h 3 10 0 13ft,
Rr.rchrro. n 4 2 3 0 1 0 0 '¦
Howrr.an. I. f 4 ft 1 0 2 1 6j
II«>I<1. r. f 3 ft 0 1 2 0 0'
llaiiK'-rina, c 3. 0 l ft 2 1 0'
Totals S6 r, ft 1 24 14 1
SAX FRAXCISCO.
AB. R. BH. SR. TO. A. E.
Hrni"lihnff. r. f 4 1112 0 01
Hilirl>ran<1, r. t 4 1 1 0 5 0 1 !
Schwartz, 2b 3 ft 1 ft 5 5 i ;
I'al>st, 1b 2 3 2 2 9 0]'
SulU van, c 3 2 1 0 3 1 0 '
I.ovy. 1. f 4 1 3 ft o 0 Q\
Krutr. p. n 4 13 0 12ft'
Rfilly. Sh 4 ft ft 0 ft 2 o'
FitzpCLtrick, r 4 0 0 0 0 2 0!
Totals 32 9 12 J n 12 3 1
HUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Oakland Oft ft 3 0 2 0 1 0 G I
Ran* hils 1 01301020— «'
San Francisco r> ft 1 ft 0 1 2 0 • 3 '¦
Hasp hits 3 0 2 0 113 0 •— 12 ;
SUMMARY.
Runs responsible for— FlUpatrlck l. norchrrs :
K. Two-t'gsc hits— Hutrhlnson. Hnrchcrs, How- !
man. Sacrifice hit?— Schwartz, I'ahst. First :
bam» on errors — San Francisco 1. Oakland 3 :
First base on called balls— Pan Francisco 3,
Oakland 4. J^ft on bases— Han Francisco Z, i
Oakland T. Struck out—By Rorchers 1 hy '
Fltzjiatriok 2. Double play— Schwartz to Pabst
Balk — Borchers. Faraed ball — Mangerlna. j
Time of came— 2:ftO. fmpiro— II. Smith. Offl- i
cial scorer— J. W. Stat>leton.
Frisco let loose on Borchers at tno very
outset. The "Chief" pitched so well dur
ine the morning frame on tho Oakland
grounds that he wjis put on the slab dur
ing the aftfrnoon. Five of the local swat
ters crossed the rubber on as many hits.
Fireworks vrer« cheap and the Manxmen
were turning them out in <iuick fashion.
When the boy at the bell began working
the crowd stamped off five times once
each for Brorkhoff, Hlldebrand, Pabst,
Sullivan and Levy.
All this torrid, contentious atmosphere
blew around the Ilt-creation prounds yes
teraay afternoon duriifc the early part of
tne pame. it set the pace for the entire
day, which was kr-pt noisy and crackling
by the crowd, divided into sides, the
teams and tin? umpire In the mid He. I^ater
on Fuillvan thought h<"- put Uorehers out
at the plate. Tempering valor with dis
cretion "Sully" choked his wrath and to'.d
his troubles to the back-stop only, thus
pavinrr ixMnpr Jined. The crowd In the
stands did the rest.
Hutchinson sneered in belittling fash
ion at the arbiter and got off with a five
spot. So the league Is richer by J25, and
Hughey Smith has made himself solid
with his employers.
"Get an eye wash." snarled Pabst.
"Five dollars fur you," replied the um
pire, suavely. Then Pabst told Smith he
would hate to tell him what he thought
•of him, and, strange to say, immediately
did so.
"Ten dollars," was the umpire's satis
faction. •
Ssn Francisco 9, Oakland 6.
Afternoon Game Was Won by San
Fraaciscos, Who Found No
Difficulty in Hitting
Pitcher Borchers.
"Get back to your bases," said Umplr*-
Hupli«?y Smith x-> Krancks, Pabst and
Hutchinson.
"Clean your windows," said Francks.
"Five dollars," said Smith.
Then Francks called the umpire some
thing harsh and rasping.
"Ten dollars," shouted Smith. Francks
walked away.
Hughey £mith Fines Three
Recalcitrant Players for
Misconduct.
DUDES AND THE
LOCALS DIVIDE
THE DAY'S GLORY
I'.:-rri:iK one Of two slight faJls no acci
occurred to mar tne day. The fol
lOKlns table trils the tale:
The start was u lu:3u a_ m. at Fitch
hiiiii, ihence to t>an Leandro and twice
around the triangular course there, maK
ir.iz the total distance of twenty miles.
Kus*. the Olympic man, galntxl two and
ooe-tlUrd niJnuti 014 the Garden City
rl< • r in the lirst rilay. but this advantage
v.:.< lost on ihe iK'Xt «h«i Pedler, Olym
pian^ h;!<3 two bad falls, losing more time
t:.. ; :i bad been sained by Kuss. The men
beld ivcn to the third, but the fiftfa of a
second s'-paratinp th*-m, and there was
Ibe s:mu- result on the tifth relay. On the
fourth Hanna, Olympic, had to change
wh'-fls 1 wire !>.-<.ause his tirst one broke
;•.:<! mo peoond was not suii«-d to him, and
uv.r it tnir.ute was io^t in this manner.
i:j.^ to Lt won ihret limes to uecome the
Dnal property ot a club. The Acme Clut)
Of < i;iKl;nid wun it in 1M'<3, and the club is
Dow disbanded. The Bay City Who. linen
u*oa it jn JM*7. and liav t now given up rac
tns. Tlie Olympics won it In 1SC'8 and lb'M.
and only needed a victory yesterday to re
lain (t permanently, but the Garden Citys,
v. 1 1 : c 1 1 had never won It, came prepared for
tin tray, and, acnUtt-d by Oiyrrjuo acci
uims, curried away the trophy.
Ursly two teauife entered yesterday's race
for tii<_- iiakt-r Ai iiainilton tropny, wluch
The Olympic <'lub Wheelmen met their
firs! defeat in some time yesterday, when
t!.- y lost tin' annual iv.-enty-mile team
race of th<- California Associated Cyclists
to the Garden City Wheelmen of San Jose
by ¦ iii.irfrin of o:ie minute twenty-six sec
•jii.i:-. The <Kfeat is tinned with glory,
rx rertbelees, lur the Olympics' man Kv:ss
b>at the record for the race nearly three
minutes, i;I -' J but for two ba/i fulls which
I'edier. the Olympic courier on the second
relay, experienced they would undoubted
ly have ¦ran. Nevertheless the Garden
• It}** put u;> a strung ngnt, and botn
Bldea we sutisiied wun the result.
Nearly Three Minutss Faster
Than the Best Previous
Time.
, «.
Huss. on First Relay, Covers Course
Olympic Wheelmen Suffer
Defeat, but Break Coast
Record.
GARDEN CITYS
WINNERS IN THE
TWENTY-MILE
Wedg-ewood, a Brother of Harlean
Gladys and Ijovina, the Futurity
Winners, Does Some
Clever Work.
i
«
The Ingleside Coursing Association took
a turn at the game yesterday at San
Mateo Park afttr a closed season of four
weeks. A sixty-four dog stake waa the
attraction offered and it served to bring
out a large crowd.
T. Tierney's Tea Rose won the stake,
with O'Shea Bros." Young America as
runner up. The hares were strong and as
a result many long courses were run. V.
Jones 1 Wedgewood, a brother of Harlean
Gladys and Lovma, which dogs tooK tirst
and second money in the big Kutunty
event of last weeK, did good coursing in
the stake and reached tne fifth round,
where he w»nt out to the runner up.
Several short ends landed during the
day, some of which were at good ouds.
The coursing throughout was of the
hard order anu many exciting goes were
recorded. The day's results follow:
Open stake: First round— R. L. Taylor's Mose
beat J. Dean's L'onnemara; J. Potter's Palm
flower beat Kelly & Hanley's Baby King: J.
J. Edmonds' Whlscy Hill beat O'Shea ttros.'
Golden Rule; T. \>. Bartels' Detay Barrow
beat G. \V. He-intZH High Jinks; Lowe &
Thompson's L.ttle Fullerton beat J. K. Mona-
I han'a Tired Out; J. Karrell's Cash Day beat
Russell. Allen & Wilson's Scotland Yet; L. K.
Hartals' Uest Bargain beat 1>. Shannon's Strand
of Gold; F. Jones' Wedgewood, a bye; Ruxsell.
Allen Ac Wilson's Victor Boy beat L. Y, Uar
tels' Panner bright; -T. A- GaSney's Faint Flat
terer beat Lande & (Jerber's Concord; O'Shea
Uros.' Young America beat J. It. Smith's
Shaughran; Kterl & Knowlea' Sleety Mist
beat Kus>sell. Allen & Wilson's Helle Claire;
D. Dillon's Dew Drop beat J. Ft. Smith's In-
Jury; Sullivan & Tralnor's Maid of the 11:11
boat T. Ugan'B Honor Hrlght; J. K. Smith's !
Password beat & Grau's Martha Washington; I
F. Mct'cmb's Storm King beat P. OConnell's !
Satan; I.owe & Thomrmon'n i'rince Hal heat j
L. K. Bartels" Haron Kl.od; P. McKeon's ItiRhy
btat Lande & Clerbtr's Mount Itla: T. Tierney'n I
Tea' Hose beat P. M. riarkson's Flower of •
Gold; C Bonar's WI1J .Vora beat I. IJ. Frank'H
El C'aDitan; J. Dean's Sls«iuoc beat J. J. Kd- !
mondt.' Go On; Jtu.«»el!. Allen & Wilson's Rnsie ;
<Maire beat D. K. Wiley's High Horn Lady t). :
Toland's Twilisht Jr. beat J. Potter's Remus; '
J. II. Perico's <'ontrr,llcr beat K. 11 Kellomt's '
Iowa Boy; P. Jackson's Golden Ku?»et b'.-at f
George Whitney's Theron; J. R. Smith's Jen- |
nle Wilson beat W. J. Browning's Mountain •
Belle; D. Shannon's Safeguard bent J. R. Mona
han's T u; I>. E. Wiley's Buck beat (Jeorpe
Connell's Willful Widow; M. Mlchlliki'a Ter
ronite beat Lowe & Thompson's Mountain
Chief; F. Mack's Pella M beat Live & Thomp
son's Cora Pearl; T. Logun's Miss Orizzle beat
James Dean's Gallant;. I). Toland's Pleasant
Girl beat U'Shea Bros.' Mercy May.
Second round— Mose beat I'aimflower: Whisky
Hill beat Betsy Barrow; Cash Day boat Little
Fullerton: Wedgewood beat Best Bargain; Vic
tor Boy beat Falae Flatterer; Young America
beat Sleety Mist; Dew Drop beat Maid of the
Hill; Password beat Storm King; ftlsby boat
Prince Hal; Tea Rose beat Wild Nora; Sisquoc
beat Rosle Claire; Twilight Jr. beat Controller;
Golden Husset beat Jennie Wilson; Safeguard,
a bye; Terronite beat Delia M; Pleasant Girl
beat Miss Grizzle.
Third round— Mose bent Whisky Hill; Wedge
wood beat Cash Day: Young America beat Vic
tor Boy; Password beat Dew Drop: Tea Rose
beat Rigby; Twilight Jr. beat Sisquoc; Gold
en Russet beat Safeguard; Pleasant Girl beat
Terronite. . •
Fourth round— Wedgewood beat Mom; Young
America beat. Password; Tea Rose beat Twl
lipht Jr.; Pleasant Girl beat Golden Russet.
Fifth round— Young America beat Wedge
wcod; Tea Rose beat Pleasant Girl.
Deciding course— Tea Rose beat Young Amer
ica.
Beats O'Shea Brothers' Fast
Young America for
Final Honors
TEA ROSE WINS
OPEN STAKE AT
SAN MATEO PARK
| Inlon Park, own stake, second round— W C
Classen's Sleigh Cells beat A. Johnson's Moun
tain lieauty. 13-11: J. P. Thrifts St. Michael
beat Ruswll. Allon & Wilson's Spiteful. 4-3-
E-. tleary'n Ireland beat J. L.. Itnss' J L K l"-7-
Curtis ¦ & Bbn'a Flying Fox heat J. Suttons
HeryehH's Pride. M; J. Carroll's Master Claire
b«t Lanrie & Orbers Uienzl. 9-7: C. U. Charlsi
worth's ("rawf.rd IJraes beat Jeff Martinet*
S'.lm. i:»-3; T. J. Mcln^rney's Annie Tlall beat
I'asha Kennels' May Henip«tear1. 6-4; IC. E. fie
H. Lopez's Crawford Hex beat J. Carroll" ¦»
Auckiar.,1. ll-M; \V. C. tllasson's Santonin beat
Kav IJroa.' Hawker. «-4; P. J. Rellly's Royal
I'nion beat J. H. Smith's Victor tiueen. S-h; T.
W. Battels' .Mac's Melody beat (.tirtis <t
Son's McKinley. 3-2; J. p. Thrift* s Brn
tus heat Curtis & Son's Narcissus. H-1: P.
O'Dowd's Cascade beat George Sharman'i Bow
ery Boy. «-l; Pasha Kennels' Rollicking Airs
beat Curtis & Son's Warpath. 9-4: Cur
tis & Son" a Cantlelaria beat R. E. du
B. Lopez's Minnie Wa Wa, 13-3; S. Handy' 9
Twin City Girl beat A. Johnson's Bald Kagle.
6-1: J. Sutton's Master Lawrence beat II. A
I>ckt!man's Rork«r. 9-5; M. rninlea's Erin
beat Maher & Reid's Had Boy. 4-1; II. It.
Leonard's Half Moon beat XV. Cramer"? Jesss>
Moore. S-6: Curtis & Son's Anchor heat W.
Creamer's Lily \V right, 10-2: T. J. Mclnerney"s
Tommy Rex beat Aeneid Kennels' Aeneas. 9-7;
Pasha Kennels' Recording Ansel beat Curtis*
& Son's Psyche. 4-3; W. Creamer's Onward
beat P. J. *Tlellly"3 Plough Boy, 25-16; J. M.>
riartty's Snapper <Jarrlson beat Captain Cane" a
Master Davenport. 5-1; F. A. Md'orab's Motto
beat T. J. Mclnerney"!. N«ra. 9-1: F. A. Mc-
Corah's Patriot beat E. Hurk's N'lghf Time.
6-3; Pasha Kennels' Royal Anne beat R. L.
Taylor's Beauty Spot. 22-1.
Third round— St. Michael beat SIMeh Bells.
11-5: Flylne Fox a bye; Crawford Braes beat
Master Claire. 12-10; Annie Hall a hyp; Royal
Union beat Santonin. 6-5; Mac's Melody a bye;
Rollicking Airs beat Cascade. 4-1: Twin City
Girl beat Candelaria, 4-1; Erin beat Master
Lawrence, 6-2; Anchor beat Half Moon. ll-. r «;
Tommy Rex beat Recording An«jol. 10-5: Snap
per Garrison beat Patriot, 10-4; Motto a bye;
Royal Anne a bye.
Fourth round— St. Michael beat Flylnie Fox.
13-a; Annie Hall beat Crawfnrd Brara, 2?-IV.
Royal ITnion beat Mac's Melody. 5-3; Twin
City Girl beat Rollicking Airs, 4-3; Erin beat
Anchor, 5-4: Snapper Garrison beat Tommy
Rex. 10-2: Royal Anne beat Motto. *-3.
Fifth round— Annie Hall heat St. Michael.
9-6: Royal Union heat Twin City Girl. 8-2:
Erin beat Royal Anne. 8-5; Snapper Garrison
a bye.
Sixth round — Royal Vnion h«at Annl© Hall,
15-8; Erin beat Snapper Garrison. H-l.
Deciding course— Royal Union beat Erin,
13-12.
went against Jinimie Anthony, a fresh
dog Ihe hounds were slipped to the
liveliest kind of a hare and were given
work enough for half a dozen dogs. Gar-.
rison did it all, though, and beat his op-
Ponfnt pointless, scoring 20 himself. A
relief Wog was slipped, but the Snapper
showed speed over him and beat him to
the escape. lie was called on a few min
utes later to go against Erin, and, though
he responded, hti was too far gone to
make a showing. Thirteen short ends at
fair odds gave the pikers some Joy.
The days results, with Judge Jofcn
Grace's official scores, follow:
M. Dunlea'a Erin had a pond chance
for first honors in the open stake yester
day at Union I*ark in the deciding course
against Royal Union, but • luck was
apainst him. With an even score and
nothing to choose between the fast
hounds. Knn took a header and fell back
a peg. Before he had fairly join, <1 in the
running again he repeated the perform*
ar.ee, and when the flag was rated! Royal
Union was seven points to the go <1.
The running of the hares was up to
the recent strong standard, and mu:,y of
the hounds were withdrawn on ac ¦.•<"> an t
of the grueling work given them b the
Merced pests.
Annie Hail for a youngster did ¦ me
great coursing and responded cutely
after going a hard route. She went out
to the winner in the sixth round.
Snapper Garrison looked like a winner
up to the tifth round, and until Uten
showed all kinds of speed. In this roun.t
he was drawn for a natural bye and
Open Event at Union Park Is Pro
. ductivo of Good Spcrt — Fast
Hares Give Dogs Hard
Work.
Royal Union Wins the Stake
After Some Grueling
Going.
TWO BAD FALLS
COST ERIN THE
FINAL COURSE
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 17, 1900
Harpoon Is an Easy Winner — Macdonpugh Cup Will Not Be
Awarded Until After an Investigation by the
Regatta Committee To-Night.
PRESTO BEATS AEOLUS WITH
EIGHTEEN MINUTES TO SPARE
6
PACIFIC IXTER-CLU
;b yacht assocj j
ATIOX REGATTA.
I
! I
TACHT.
Time Finishing:
Allowance. Time.
¦ Elapsed Corrected
Time. Time.
— -
M. S. II. M. S.
H. M. S. I H. M. S.
Twenty-five foot Class —
Start 12:10 r>. m.
Curi<i
May
Mernjio
1'hoenlcla
00:00 Jt:O3:44
OOiPfl 2:51:13
02:01 1:54:50
C3:5l 3:u9:5fi
2:59:44 2:59:44
2:41:13 2:41:04
2:44:.i3 2:42:53
2:69:56 2:56:05
Special Yawl Class-
Start 12:10 p. m.
Spray
Nereid
Gypsie
Arcturus
03:09 ' • *
0.1:28 3:43:17
' 0-1:00 2:3S;43
04:18 2:43:23
8:33:17 3:^:49
2:28:43 2:»:43
2:33:23 2:29:05
Thirty-foot Class— Start
at 12:20 p. m.
AmlKO
.Ac. .Ill*
Presto
01:30 3:39:0fi
02:2<» 3:31:15
00:00 3:10:16
3:19:06 3:17:08
3:11:15 3:0S:4S
2:W:10 2:50:15
Thlrty-slx-foot Class—
Ptajrt at 12:30 p. m.
Thetis
Edna
Queen
Harpoon
• 03:2(1 •
01:56 3:32:27
01:15 •
00:42 3:14:58
'3:62:27 8:00:31
2:44:5S • 2:44:16
Forty-four-foot Class-
Start at 12:40 p. m.
Clara
Rover
Speedwell
Neptune
Seventy- foot C.I ass-
Start at 12:50 p. m.
Chlspa
00:00 3:42:30
00:06 . •
02:32 . 3:30:09
01:58 •
20:00 3:2S:2»
3:02:30 3:02:30
'"2:56:09 2*:47':37
2:3S:24 2:18:24
NAME.
'.-' . V — . „ . _ «
3 2 > < Event No. J. O<
* 5 . « 3 Delicacy. » |
; " c " _ ~~
I? !•! II rip
i ! MM r !
_i.
Everett
Everett
Poulks
Halght
HaiKht
lluyck
fluyck
Man.«floM
Vlansflelii ,
Muller
Battu .:
fSattu
Elrotherton ....
Urotherton ....
91
100 Sl.S
105 S7.S 78 fri.10 KS.S "."
8« 91.8 SS.S 64.2 76 5
-83 91.4 _S4 MS T^A ""
95 90.8 93.8 63.2 SJ fi
98 91 S3. 8 71. S SO. 8
K.« 92-4 »4.2 88. .1 9s
»3. 8 92 S3 SS 6 S7 '
102 93.4 76.4 80.10 78.7 . "
77*
67
72.
" 79
PACIFIC IXTER-CLU
;b yacht assocj j
ATIOX REGATTA.
I
! I
TACHT.
Time Finishing:
Allowance. Time.
¦ Elapsed Corrected
Time. Time.
— -
M. S. II. M. S.
H. M. S. I H. M. S.
Twenty-five foot Class —
Start 12:10 r>. m.
Curi<i
May
Mernjio
1'hoenlcla
00:00 Jt:O3:44
OOiPfl 2:51:13
02:01 1:54:50
C3:5l 3:u9:5fi
2:59:44 2:59:44
2:41:13 2:41:04
2:44:.i3 2:42:53
2:69:56 2:56:05
Special Yawl Class-
Start 12:10 p. m.
Spray
Nereid
Gypsie
Arcturus
03:09 ' • *
0.1:28 3:43:17
' 0-1:00 2:3S;43
04:18 2:43:23
8:33:17 3:^:49
2:28:43 2:»:43
2:33:23 2:29:05
Thirty-foot Class— Start
at 12:20 p. m.
AmlKO
.Ac. .Ill*
Presto
01:30 3:39:0fi
02:2<» 3:31:15
00:00 3:10:16
3:19:06 3:17:08
3:11:15 3:0S:4S
2:W:10 2:50:15
Thlrty-slx-foot Class—
Ptajrt at 12:30 p. m.
Thetis
Edna
Queen
Harpoon
• 03:2(1 •
01:56 3:32:27
01:15 •
00:42 3:14:58
'3:62:27 8:00:31
2:44:5S • 2:44:16
Forty-four-foot Class-
Start at 12:40 p. m.
Clara
Rover
Speedwell
Neptune
Seventy- foot C.I ass-
Start at 12:50 p. m.
Chlspa
00:00 3:42:30
00:06 . •
02:32 . 3:30:09
01:58 •
20:00 3:2S:2»
3:02:30 3:02:30
'"2:56:09 2*:47':37
2:3S:24 2:18:24
NAME.
'.-' . V — . „ . _ «
3 2 > < Event No. J. O<
* 5 . « 3 Delicacy. » |
; " c " _ ~~
I? !•! II rip
i ! MM r !
_i.
Everett
Everett
Poulks
Halght
HaiKht
lluyck
fluyck
Man.«floM
Vlansflelii ,
Muller
Battu .:
fSattu
Elrotherton ....
Urotherton ....
91
100 Sl.S
105 S7.S 78 fri.10 KS.S "."
8« 91.8 SS.S 64.2 76 5
-83 91.4 _S4 MS T^A ""
95 90.8 93.8 63.2 SJ fi
98 91 S3. 8 71. S SO. 8
K.« 92-4 »4.2 88. .1 9s
»3. 8 92 S3 SS 6 S7 '
102 93.4 76.4 80.10 78.7 . "
77*
67
72.
" 79PRECISE SPEECH.'
Brown — Do you ever talk In your sleep?
Town — Not that I know of. I have some
times talked in other people's sleep.—Bos
ton Transcript. ;:v.-.'
BERKKLEY, Sept. 16.— Deputy Sheriff
John "W.' Striker was given a diamond
studded pold badge of office last night by
his friends in Berkeley as a testimonial
of their regard for him. The badge is to
replace one he lost in trie trouble recently
at San Lorenzo Grove, It Is in the form
of a shield, surmounted by a golden eagle.
The presentation was made by a commit
tee composed of TV. H. Waste. George
Schmidt and Robert Greigg. .
Striker Given a old Badge.
Tho proposal to start a jam factory at
Drogheda brings forward the question.
Why has fruit growing been so much
neglected in Ireland? The climate and soil
are," aa a rule, ¦well adapted for fruit cul
ture, but it seems to have died away In
stead of having progressed. Attached to
many of the old mansions and farm
houses all over the country may be seen
the remains of 'what were at one time
fine orchards, now scraggy, moss-grown
tree?, yielding a dozen or so of little, hard
wooden crabs. The Irish Board of Agri
culture is going to take, this matter up
energetically. — Chicago Chronicle. >
Orchards Neglected in Ireland.
Congregation of First Baptist Church
Observed the Occasion "With
Song and Prayer. *
The First Baptist Church of this city
celebrated its fifty-first anniversary yes
terday with song and Tayer. In the
morning Dev. E. A. Woods, pastor
•of the church, preached the anniversary
sermon, in which he outlined the history
of the church and the events which have
taken place during the past year. In part
he said:
"The disciples were utterly disheartened
at Christ's death. But his resurrection re
assured them and his ascension filled
them with new courage, for they felt that
he was to be with them always as he had
promised. Thus they wen*, forth on their
mission and 'the Lord walked with them.'
His presence has been the center and
source of power In Christianity during
all the ages, and this is true to-day."
During the year fifty persons have been
received into the church. The following
have been called away by death: Mrs
M. L. Latreau, Samuel B. Thompson, Mra
H. K. Mitchell, Mrs. George Davis. Mrs!
M. S. Jones, Robert i'. Evans, Mrs. A.
Voy.
There has been raised for church ex
penses during the year J5016; for benevo
lence. $1412; paid on church debt, $2000
making a total of $8423.
The insurance on the former building
enabled the trustees to pay the old in
debtedness and complete the present
church with no debt upon tt.
CELEBRATED FIFTY
FIRST ANNIVERSARY
OAKLAND. Sept. IS.— Whether the ac
tion of Principal J. B. McChesney of the
Oakland High School in suspending the
six Merry Sorority maids who disobeyed
orders and bade farewell to their depart
ing sister. Miss" Mabel AVilcox. will be re
viewed by the Board of Education is the
newest phase of the jolly row which has
been worked up In the school.
The half dozen young ladles. Miss Grace
Davis, Miss Verlna Morrow, Miss Marian
Morro#, Miss Alice Lawes, Miss Pansy
Perkins and Miss Edna Orr. who are
under -the ban, are mute upon the sub
ject. They realize that they must have
been guilty of some enormous crime—
for was not the punishment too dreadful
thirty days' suspension for each one of
these pretty but defiant culprits?
Superintendent of Schools McClymonds
withdraws into a shell of deepest silence
when he is approached upon the subject.
"It is no concern of mine," auoth he.
"Mr. McChesney Is principal of the Oak
land High School and its discipline is in
his charge." i
Principal McChesney has been enjoying
a few days' respite from the annoyances
of applicants for favors at his hands. He
returned late this evening from his sum
mer home at Mill Valley.
"Was not the punishment too severe?"
was the query put to him on his return.
"I do not care to discuss the matter,"
replied McChesney. "It has been ex
ploited enough. . 1 have nothing to ex
plain. The six girls were suspended as a
matter of discipline. Those who do not
obey the orders of their superiors are
always punished and that is simply what
happened In this case.
"I do not propose to go Into the details
of the affair, but will state that there
must be discipline in the Oakland High
School as long as I am r.t its head. Those
who do not obey orders must take the
consequences."
SIX PRETTY MAIDS ARE
NOT DOING ANY TALKING
The funeral will take place Tuesday af
ternoon at 1:30 o'clock from Odd Fellows'
Hall under the auspices . of University
Lodge.
Mr. Hickox held many offices within the
order. In 1M31 he was grand representa
tive from this State to the tirand Lodge
which met in the East. Deceased was
born In Medina, Ohio, February. 20. 1820.
When a youth he made his way to Michi
gan and later to Wisconsin. On April 1,
lh50. In company with a party of adven
turesome young men, he started across
the plains to try his fortune in the Golden
West. He arrived in California in Sep
tember of the sjime year and located at
Downievllle, Sierra County. He was suc
cessful and remained there until 1871. He
leaves a wife, but no children.
Hickox was an Odd Fellow for fifty
three years. He became a member of the
order in 1847 when he joined Friendship
Lodge. The lodge was a. small one com
posed of a few men in the wilds of Wis
consin who had banded together for fra
ternity's sake. Down to the day of his
death th« old man was an ardent believer
In the principles of Odd Fellowship. The
only lodge he ever belonged to in Cali
fornia was University Lodge No. 114 of
this city, of which he was a member at
the time of his death.
John Henry Hickox. the oldest Odd Fel
low In California, died last night at his
home in this city after an illness of five
months. He was stricken with paralysis
on March 23 and since that time had been
confined to his bed.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
HIS Broadway. Sept. 16.
Was the Oldest Odd Fellow
in the State of Cali
fornia.
JOHN HICKOX
DIES AT THE
AGE OF EIGHTY
THE BELLS," Leopold Lewis' adapta
tion of one of the Erckmann-Chat
rlan psychological romances, will be
put on at the Columbia Theater this
evening by the Clay Cleme,nt-L. R.
Stockwell company. The role of Matthias,
so famous in the Henry Irving repertoire,
will be assumed by Mr. Clement, and the
clever actor will undoubtedly do full
justice to the difficult character of the
bell-haunted innkeeper.
"Napoleon's Guard," the powerful one
act drama by Dion Bouclcault, will fill
In the remainder of the .evening, and next
week "The Magistrate" will be pre
sented. , . •
The week's bill at the Tlvoli Opera
house will be the old favorte "Faust,"
and another Verdi— "Trovatore."
The interest of this "Faust" presenta
tion consists largely in the appearance of
Slgnor Nicollnl as Mephisto, he being the
only one among the present company of
singers at the Tivoli who has not yet
been fairly "tried out." It is said to be
S!gnor Nlcollni's best role, and if the
promise of his performances up to date
be at all fulfilled the Mephisto part will
receive a thoroughly satisfactory render
ing in the hands of Signor Nicolini.
The favorite, Salassa, who la again in
excellent form, will sing Valentine; Bar
ron Berthold will appear as Faust, and is
therein most sympathetically suited;
Anna Llchter has a favorite part in Mar
guerite; Frances Graham, winning many
laurels this season, will doubtless win
more as Siebel.
In "Trovatore the cast is equally good.
Those who remember the Leonora of Ettie
Stewart will again welcome this clever
singer In the role. Azucena is in uie ca
pable Politini's hands, anu Russo's
Maurico is a delight. Ferrari will ap
pear as the Count di Luna, and Schuster
as Fernando. ' .
Next Sunday evening at the California
Theater the Azzali Grand Italian Opera
Company will make its Hrst appearance
in "Otello." "Carmen" will be presented
on Monday, "Alda" on Tuesday, on
•Wednesday '"Traviata," .and the rest of
the week will be given over to repetitions
of these. , » •
At the Alcazar Theater a brand-new
farce. "The Widow's Husband," never
before presented here, will be j»ut on. A
special engagement of Aria Lewis, the
"tough girl," has been made for the week,
and "fun from rise to fall of curtain" is
promised. i*'* ">•
The third week of "Ship Ahoy" at the
Alhambra Theater shows no dimlnultion
of its popularity. Ferris Hartman* will
sing some new topical songs anent the
, political situation this week.
The Alta Theater Is to the fore this
week'with a deep and dark rendering of
"The Bottom of the Sea." Real divers,
a sunken ship, swordnshes,] sharks and
things form the mlse en scene of this
thrilling drama.
Jessie Bartlett Davis Is still the star
attraction at the Orpheum. This excel
lent singer is in fine form, and will sing
an entirely new programme this week.
The Johnstono brothers, "ruling monarchs
of the xylophone." McCale and Daniels,
comedians, and Ozar and Delmo, j four
handed jugglers, are the new entertain
ers. These and Querlta Vincent and the
other hold-overs make up the best bill
the Orpheum has seen for some time.
Fischer's Concert-house presents Han
lon and Singer and Paul la Crolx as new
features.- - Mae Tunison, J. F. Veaco,
ATTRACTIONS AT THE PLAYHOUSES.
Olive Vail and Pearl Hlckman are re
tained.
The eleventh series of Conradl's living
statuary and the "Dance of All Nations"
are the Olympia's attractions.
The Chutes has three new acts for this
week. Williams and Bissell, comedy
sketch artists; Matt and W right, munical
duo, and Richard Wilde, monologue come
dian, will be seen here for the first time.
Tho hold-overs Include Baby Ruth, La
LIsta. mirror dancer; the lion act and new
moving pictures.
WASHINGTON. S*pt. 35.— Frank H.
Hltrhc<xk, Chief of tb*» S^rtion of For
tign Markets of tho Agricultural Depart
ment, has prepared a bulletin showing
the value and character of our agricul
tural imports from «°ach foreijrn country
Ior the fiw ti??a! years. US5-1MQ. It shows
that our agricultural Imports have an
svprapc .annu.-il value of 53W.W4.70S, of
vr&ldb more than one-half came from
tropical rnuntri' s.
Brazil, the leading source of our coffee
supply, sent us 15 p^r cent of our total
eprf'-ultur.-il imports, the T'r.iud Kingdom
coming next, with '<?. per cent; but the
import? from.it. like v.iose of Germany,
wfclcb 1 ranked fourth, were in considerable
tart received 1-> V thopp nation* from other
nations, i.'cha was the thini country, su
pnr running her percentage up to 7.a per
rov,t cf the total. Japan and China were
fifth and pixth. icspectively. The I'l>'l!p
jiinep pent us 1.2 per cent of the t-<tal. Bra
zil's exports to the I'nited StaT«».s aver
cged $r»4.1M,397 a year, coffee imports alone
amounting to t4fc.700.000 and being two
thirds «f our total coffee imports.
Tb* Vnit*-d Kinpdom sent us annually
t?A 131 KS. of which wool averaged $12.
97SJ0OO ft yrar r.rA hides and skins J4J831,
o,)' Wg. table fibres aggregated $3,377,000
in annual value, cotton mcFtly. Kpypiian
taking ui> HJB6U0M of this amount. Keath
* r«. oils, fruits and nuts and sugar were
other leading Hem*.
Cuba'* agricultural exports to the
rniiH States' averaged $27.<n..73S in an
nuaJ value of which sura $^0.4So.0<i<i was
raid for FUgar and S5.flB.M0 for tobacco.
Fruits principally banasas. nuts, hides,
Fkins and molasses, wrre the other princi
pal »rtioles=. Germany sent us S24.W2.37S
annually. «f which Jl3.2G4.0'tt was sugar.
Hides' and skins amounted to $l.mo<xj and
v. :•;..- to }U&6.(x>i. Rl<*. brittle*, coffee.
h'<;>*. tobacco, oils, hair and unbottled
rnK^StatPi-. Japan pent
UK H8409J519 annually, ellk averaging J12,
0J5.OQO. tea $U43,OO0 and rice JTxVJ^m
Chinm'a anual total was $1.71 <..J7, tea
evrapin? *«.4S3.0r>0, silk J«. IT" .000. wool
Jl 514 if/* hides and Fkin* $SXT,«OO and pre
pared opium {S4S.OO0. Hire, fugar. coffee
find vegetable oils were the Mher articles.
France »».ld up annually wines
p.v<raeJnp $4,209,000, of which J...30</«K)
worth was In the form or champagne.
Hidrs find skins averaged f2.4W.O00. wool
t: 'i4(5 000 Kilk $1.477.00n. fruits and nuts
J1 >*1 ««XJ. vegetable nils XtZZJOO. Including
U<A.«i<*i worth of olive oil nrpo]* or wine
!••< s iO7/>n pp.d b. a. lees JC95.000 ana
brandy SO.OOQ.
Italy sent us Jl.".2>5.145 worth per year.
made'up of. silks $5,542,000. fruits and nuts
£i.>7.<M). Including lemons J3.KC.000 and
orangei" fTGl.OW. argols or wine Ices $1.0?C
OOO, vegetable oils tftfS.OOO, hemp $466.00')
anA cheew> $4^.000. The Dutch East In
dies shlppod us I14.J2/2.4GC annuaily, of j
v.hir-h $12,261,000 was paid for sugar and]
EU41//W for coffee. Hawaii's exports to]
us averaged SU.C16.1S9, of which sugar
amounted to $13,172,000.
Jk.lt-jcieo pent us J13,Cfi0.110. made up prin-
e Wk -My of, vegetable fibres So^fil.OOO, coffee
mjiijm. nldes and skins fl.C71.0O0. rattle
Sl^i7/nW and vanila beans £12.000. Canada
fent yearly $10,143,241. including livestock
t2.17«.'X)ft, wheat tl.3T>5.000. hides and skins
*i 236.000, hay $1,077.^10 ar.d wool $S32.0~0.
The British East Indies averaged $10,078,-
Brazil the Country From
Which America Draws
the Most Heavily.
TOTAL V ALUE
OF AGRICULTURAL
WARES IMPORTED
The rally in the gymnasium Is to com
mence at 8 o'clock. Ralph Fisher, presi
dent of the Associated Students, will pre
side. Several prominent speakers will be
present, among them George C. Pardee,
John R. Glascock and Professor Thomas
R. Bacon. Coach Kelly will, of course, be
called upon to cay a few words. Football
Captain C. A. Pringle and other prominent
athletes will also be hrard from. . The
rooters, under the leadership of Milton
Schwartz, will sit together on the main
floor to keep things lively and noisy. The
Glee Club and the band will furnish the
harmony.
Altogether the rally promises to be a
fine affair.
Although no plans have been made for
the students to meet Kelly and his men
on the field, it Is known that they will
be there, all of them, to give the coach
and, the squad a reception such as they al
ways give at the beginning of practice.
There Is no necessity ior plans on such
occasions. The students always turn out.
BERKELEY, Sept. 16.— "What Is known
among students as a "fierce time" will
take place to-morrow evening in the
gymnasium, at the rally to be held In
honor of Coach Addison XV. Kelly and the
opening of the football season at the
University of California. In the afternoon
Coach Kelly and the football squad will
make their first appearance on the grid
iron.
Student Demonstration to Be
Held in Honor of Coach
A. W. Kel ly.
SPEECHES AND
SONG WILL OPEN
FOOTBALL YEAR
The products mentioned comprise In
value nearly !*) per cent of our total agri
cultural imports.
Measured by their average annual for
1895-99 the leading; articles and groups of
articles in our agricultural Import trade
rank in the following order: Sugar, cof
fee, hides and skins, wool. silk, vegetable
tilirep. fruits and nuts. tea. tobacco,
wines, vegetable oils and live animals.
S-59 annual *>xnort«> to us. sugar amotint
inp to $0,037,000. fruits and nuts $2.695.<M>
and cocoa #.?.16.000. Th«- British East In
dies. Thp Netherlands. Vonnzuela, Ar
gentine Republic. Egypt (mostly cotton
and sugar*, the Philippine Islands (prac
tically hemp and sugar) and Colombia
f-ach sent us less than $10,000,000 of agri
cultural exports annually.
BERKELEY. Sept. 16.— The Town Trus
tees met last evening and Instructed Town
Attorney B. A. Hayne to have an amend
ment to the charter, raising the tax levy
from 73 cents to SI. ready for passage by
the board. It will be submitted to the
voters at the next town election. Several
ambiguities of the charter will also be
corrected.
To Ame^d Charter.
OAKLAND, Sept. 16.— Four generations
of the families of Mr. and Mrs. Oscar F.
Sites were represented at the celebration
last evening of the twenty-fifth annivers
ary of the Sites marriage. The reception
in honor of the silver wedding was held
at the Sites residence on Magnolia street.
Among the family represented was Mr.
Sites' mother, who is nearly 90 years of
age, and a two-months-old grandchild ot"
the couple.
After the guests had assembled Rev. J.
K. McLean, president or the Pacific Theo
logical Seminary, made an address of con
gratulation.
Mr. and Mrs. Sites were assisted in re
ceiving by Mrs. N. S. Halsey, Miss Ro
salia Sites, Miss Vida Hinds, Miss Ger-
I trude Halsey, Miss Eflie Kroll, Miss Helen
Webster, Miss Kate Halsey, Miss Grace
Fisher and Mrs.. L. R. Scudder.
A supper was served during the evening
and orchestral music was rendered.
Mr. Sites was for many years connect
ed with th<> First National Bank and with
the Central Bank of this city. He is now
secretary and manager of the Palace
Hardware Company of San Francisco.
FOUR GENERATIONS AT
SILVER WEDDING FEAST
Draymen and others have been in the
habit of leaving wayons on the streets In
front of their stables, to the annoyance
and danger of people driving or walking,
especially at nights. The Board of Pub
lic Works notified Chief Sullivan of the
fact Saturday and reminded him that a
city ordinance was being violated by own
ers of the vehicles. Th» Chief yesterday
morning Issued orders to the captains to
instruct their men to look out for all such
vehicles, and during the day nearly two
dozen were driven to the Corporation
Yard, where they will be detained and to
day warrants will be sworn out for the
arrest of the owners.
Gathering in "Stray" Wagons.
"A short time ago he drew a carving
knife across the face of the baby, who
was only saved by ray quick action. Re
cently he tried to hook out the eyes of a
neighbor's child with a fish hook."
; Mrs. Knox said she arrived just in time
to prevent a tragedy. Another recent oc
currence was the boy's attempt to choke
a child to death with mud.
: "We have thougnt." said Mrs. Knox.
"Harry might improve, but matters have
grown worse and worse. I could not let
him out of my sight, fearing he would do
some terrible thing. Strange to say he is
passionately fond of boqks and literature.
Mis personal appearance discloses nothing
unusual.
"After exhausting every kind of medi
cal treatment we applied to Dr. Clark,
knowing he had been successful in many
operations. I pray he may save our boy.
"His demeanor toward his brothers and
sisters was inhuman. One day he slashed
his eldest sister across the face with a
penknife. He was then S years old. She
carries the scar now.
"Before the accident Harry was a par
ticularly bright boy. He walked and
talked at an unusually early age. After
the injury I noticed a marked change in
him mentally. He did not seem, to have
the same control over himself. He be
came cruelly vindictive, and early devel
oped a mania for taking anything that
did not belong to him — a kleptomania be
yond question. He delighted to kill ani
mals and to torture them.
Mrs. Knox said
"We found some pressure on the
brain, which has been removed. The boy
has suffered no Immediate bad effects
from the operation, and 1 feel that good
will be accomplished, although some
time musj elapse before a final opinion
can be given."
The parents of the boy are waiting anx
iously for the result.
* ; ; ; *
this extraordinary case Is much more dif
ficult of explanation, but It was in the
hope that relief of the brain would change
the current of the psychological move
ment that this operation was performed.
I have reason to believe that If this boy's
condhlon is from a traumatic cause that
the operation will be a success in its re
sults.
OAKI^AND, Sept. 16.— Brought to bay
late Saturday night in the hop
fields near Pleasanton after des
perate running battle -with peace
ofSerrs who were endeavoring to arrest
him for the brutal murder of acred James
McFarland, William Miller turned his
revolver on himself and fired his last
ballet into his head in a final attempt to
cheat the law. As Patrick Coughlin. a
farmer Liverraore watchman, and Deputy
Sheriff George' Taylor closed in on him
with <irawn pistols, ready to shoot at the
tflXbtast move. Miller, realizing that all
was up a« far as liberty was concerned,
f placed the muzzle of his revolver to the
•-:<2e of his head above his right ear and
pu'.led the tripper. A* he fell to the
K-iund, just out of sight. In the brush,
hia pursuer?, hearing the shot, rushed
forward, thinking he had fired at them.
V.'hr-n they reached his side they found
!.:rr. unconscious and bleeding from a gap
ing wound. They applied a bandage and
harried the wounded man to Pleasanton.
wh^re a local physician was summoned
to treat him. "
The surgeon found that the thickness of
the murderers skull saved his life. He
had ain-.f-d at a p-iint where the bone was
th<> hardest. An inch higher would have
meant dc-ath. The bullet imbedded itself
ir. in** thick bone, but did not penetrate
'. •• the brain tissue. It was removed with
out much dffSculty.
It araj at Jirst supposed that Miller was |
shot by nne of his numerous pursuers, who I
had surrounded him on all sides, but this ]
W4U s<K>n disproved by»the FtatemenU of
the man himself. As soon as he was able
YOUNG MORAL DEGENRATE
WHO UNDERWENT THE
OPERATION.
"While It is a little early to begin to
say what may result from this operation,
it is undoubtedly a most extraordinary
case, the first of its kind of which 1 have
ever heard in this city. The boy was not
only a thoroughly developed ; klepto
maniac, but was lost to all moral sense.
The theory is that the fracture of the
skull from the ax's blow caused a depres
sion of the bone and a pressure upon the
brain which has caused a tissue degen
eration.
"Of course the psychological aspect of
A scar on the hairline, above the right
eye, marked where the ax had inflicted
injury. Dr. Clark decided to -trephine the
skull. This was done a day of two ago
by the superintendent, assisted by Dr.
Lillle, Dr. McVeigh and Dr. Frank St.
Sure. Of the conditions Superintendent
Clark said to-day:
Last Tuesday the boy was sent to Su
perintendent Clark at the County Hos
pital. The case was investigated. It
was decided that there might be a serious
pressure upon some brain tract, which
would account for the remarkable mental
characteristics of the child.
Having exhausted every resource at
their command, the parents turned with
their psychological problem to the sur
geon's knife.
As he grew older the conditions became
more and more unbearable. His sisters
were not safe from injury and numer
ous instances of his murderous tenden
cies are recited by the grief-stricke.i
parents. Nothing movable within his
reach and strength to remove escaped the
boy. He was a kleptomaniac, say the
doctors, beyond any doubt, for he would
steal and hide his plunder, generally
smashing It into worthlessness.
All of this change came almost lmme
diately after the injury to his head. Bo
fore that, the testimony of his parents Is,
that their boy was unusually bright and
quick-witted.
Ever since an accident several year3
ago, when the lad was struck on the head
by an nx falling from a building, the con
stantly Increasing evidences of his strange
lapses and extraordinary conduct nave
given his parents much alarm. Medical
skill has been of no avail to check tho
steady degenerating of his mind, evi
denced by his acts of extreme cruelty, by
his wanton thefts- and destructive habits.
His playmates on many occasions bare
ly escaped murder or torture at trrs
strange being's hands. Although of ten
der years, the child was absolutely be
yond parental control.
moral degeneracy, surgical skill has been
invoked and the watchful eyes of half a
dozen surgeons are now upon the child,
waiting to note the result of this extraor
dinary effort to save this boy*, who is the
victim of a cruel fate.
on a cot In the surgical ward at tho
Alameda County Hospital, the subject of
one of the most remarkable operations
which has ever been recorded in the his
tory of medical science.
To relieve this boy from a condition
which has made him a confirmed klepto
maniac, with all the evidences of complete
OAKLAND, Sept. 16.— Harry Knox.
the ten-year-old son of Mr. and
Mrs. W, C. Knox, residing at. 2202
San Antonio avenue, Alameda.'lles
The officers say that Miller evidently
intended taking to the hills back of
Pleasanton. where in the tangled under
brush of the wild and unfrequented
canyons he might have eluded pursuit in
definitely. Once secreted, he could have
awaited an opportunity to make his es
rape to San Kranoisco and ship to sea.
The fact -that he returned for provisions
Is cited as evidence that Milier intended
to make some such move. McFarland's
l»«Jy has not yet been claimed by any
one. Th*» Coroner' has not set the time
for the inquest.
After Miller's wounds were dresed tem
porarily he was removed to the County
Jail at Oakland. There Dr. R. O. Bald
win attended him. Dr. Baldwin says
Miller will recover. The man suffers a
grpat deal of pain and refuses to further
discuss the shooting of McFarland or the
duel in the dark with the officers last
night.
Deputy Sheriff George Taylor, who took
a hand in the capture of the murderer,
says Miller wm surprised by Patrick
Coughlin and that the firing at once com
menced. Others of the posse were at
tracted at once to the scene, and when
they found Miller with the bullet in his
head they thought that It was from one
of their pistols. Taylor says Miller put
up a fierce fight while his ammunition
held out and that Coughlin, though a man
over 60 years of age, held the murderer at
bay until help arrived. The old man
stood up ami exchanged shot for shot
with the desperate criminal.
"We sighted each other at the same
tinr*. and as we were-bnth armed, we
both commenced to fire. We stood up and
peppered away until all but one of my
cartridges was exhausted, when I made
for cover. I thought 1 heard other offi
cers coming up and felt that capture was
certain. It was then that I made up my
mind to us>» my last cartridge on myself.
1 put mv gTjn to my head nnd fired. My
skull is thick and that is why I am here
now."
"When it got good and dark I made up
my mind to get away. With that inten
tion I snooked out of the warehouse and
made my way cautiously toward my tfnt.
1 crept along hetween the rows of hop
vines, hoping; to reach my tent, where I
could secure food. Within a few feet of
the tent I was surprised to Fee a man,
evidently on the lookout for me.
to talk he managed to mumble that he
had inflicted the wound with intent to
commit suicide. He realized that his
capture was certain, that he could not
hope to escape through the cordon of of
ficers and others of the posse which sur
rounded him, and determined on denth as
the quickest way out of hi? difficulties?
"I never left the hop fields all day.
said Miller. "After the affair of the
morning I hid myself in the warehouse.
Ftowing myself away behind some boxes.
I had nothing to eat or drink all day long,
but did not dare to venture out after any
thing. No one came near me all day.
THE MAN' WHO KILLED HIS
PARTNER AND TRIED TO
CHEAT THE LAW BY SUI
CIDE.
KNIFE USED TO REMOVE
THIEVING TENDENCIES
Surgical Operation May Restore the
Brain of a Moral Degenarate to
Its' Normal State.
Smith Sr. declares that his son Is Inno
cent and threatens to apply for a writ of
habeas corpus unless his offspring is re
leased from custody to-day.
The boy, after being locked up in the
tanks, confessed to having committed at
least a dozen burglaries In the vicinity of
his home. To-day the police expect to
have the plunder identified. After this is
done Smith will be formally charged, les
terday an officer was stationed in the
basement of his home to see that the
plunder was not removed.
Aftor locking the boy up in the City
Prison, Morris, accompanied by Policeman
Klssler, who was also instrumental in
running down the youthful burglar, visit
ed his home, near First avenue, and found
a lot of stolen property.
Early yesterday morning Policeman
Morris saw young Smith acting sus
piciously and he started after him, in
tending to search him. Seeing the police
man approaching, Smith ran toward his
home, where he was met by his father,
who shouted to him to enter the house.
While he was trying to unlock the front
door Morris grabbed him and placed him
under arrest.
A short time ago Captain of Detectives
Seymour, after receiving various com
plaints about a lone burglar, who "was
operating In the Western Addition, de
tailed several of his men to arrest thf>
culprit.
Notwithstanding his tender years, Smith
is said by the police to be one of the most
Industrious burglars that ever operated in
this cijy. Secreted in the basement of
his home, near Golden Gate Pa»-k, the
police found a miscellaneous assortment
of stolen articles, consisting of jewelry,
carpenters' and plumbers' tools and elec
tric bells.
Rudolph Smith, aged 14 years, was ar
rested at an early hour yesterday morn-
Ing by Policemen Morris and Klssler and
locked upon In the tanks at the City
Prison pending an investigation.
In the Home Were Found Various
Articles Stolen From the
Residents of the Western
Addition.
Rudolph Smith Locked Up
in the Tanks Pending
an Investigation.
BOY BURGLAR
CAUGHT WITH
HIS PLUNDER
Even as late as 1SSO the Democrats had
not arrived at a clear apprehension of
their duty as a party In respect to criti
cism of the tariff from thp standpoint of
the taxpayer. The party platform of that
year did indeed contain the traditional
words favoring •' "a tariff for revenue
only." but there Is no i-vldence that they
•were meant to set forth a serious party
conviction. The camoalfjn was proceeding
upon other issues. Democrats were ar
raigning Republicans for accumulated
party sins, and Republicans were de
pending chiefly upon a sentimental pre
sentation of th«» "bloodv shirt" issue when
the State election in Mi'Ine occurred with
a defeat for the Republ'cans by such ma
jorities as created serious alarm. Then
there was a sudden change in the typa
of campaign oratory. Republicans all at
once sprung the tariff question upon their
opponents. The Democrats were arraign
ed as being privy to a damnable plot to
The Tariff a Leading Issue.
If the Democrats came Into control of
the Government In 1SS4 without standing
for any clearly defined party Issue under
the leadership of Cleveland, they were
rot long in finding such an issue. The
traditional Democratic policy was that
of steady, consistent opposition to a high
protective tariff. The Republicans had
favored a protective tariff, as had the
AVhigs before them. As incident to the
taxation system of the civil war a very
high protective tariff had been fastened
upon the country. A system of internal
revenue had been created which taxed do
mestic producers heavily, and by way of
compensation the duties on Imported
goods were made correspondingly high.
After the close of the war the taxes were
removed from one after another of the
domestic products, while the customs du
ties remained. Added to this, many of
the duties upon Imported goods were spe
cific — so many cents a yard or a pound.
As prices declined upon the return Jko
specie payments specific duties became
proportionately higher. Had It not been
for the many other pressing questions the
Democrats would undoubtedly have
promptly made a ; serious attack
upon the war tariff of the Re
publican party. But ; the reconstruc
tion of the Southern States, negro
suffraef, military rule In the South, the
refunding of Government bonds, the re
turn to specie payments, the scandals of
official dishonesty— all these problems
loft little time for either Republicans or
Democrats to devote to the details of a
tariff system.
For twenty-four years the Democrats
had been excluded from power and their
reinstatement was due to the action of
a dissatisfied faction in the opposing
party. A change of 600 votes In the single
State of New York from Cleveland to
Blainp would have given the Presidency
to Blalne and kept the Republicans in
office for another term. And many thou
sands of New York Republicans were
known to have voted for Cfeveland.
As party issues were not made promi
nent and party lines were not drawn with
precision, the election turned largely
upon the personal records of the can
didates. The final result was for some
days in doubt. The South was still solid
ly Democratic: all the Northern States,
except Connecticut, Indiana, New Jersey
and New York went Republican, and New
York was claimed by both parties. Upon
the count trf that State the decision turn
ed and the corrected final returns gave
to .'the country once more a Democratic
President.
The issues growing out of the war had
passed from the field of practical politics,
and parties hnd not yet divided sharp
ly upon new and clearly defined issues.
Hence it happened that the campaign of
1SS4 was guided by personal considera
tions rather than by opposing view3 of
great public questions.
Grover Cleveland, the Democratic can
didate, had first achieved political prom
inence as a reforming Sheriff of Buffalo,
X Y and in 1882 had been made Gov
ernor of his State by an overwhelming
majority. His conduct of State affairs
won him the especial favor of the inde
pendent Republicans, who were beginning
to be called "Mugwumps."
The same class of Republicans had
made use of the great popularity of
James Q. IMaine In 1ST. 6 and again in 1SS0
to break the force of the "stalwart" fac
tion which was devoted to the candidacy
of Grant. But before the same magnetic
statesman came for the third time before
a Republican convention as a candidate
for the Presidential nomination he had
come to personate in the eyes of the in
dependent Republicans all that was cor
rupt and dangerous in American politics.
In spite of their opposition Blalne re
ceived the nomination, and his candidacy
was immediately and openly repudiated
by a large proportion of the Republican
press and by many prominent individuals.
The Republican defection greatly in
fluenced the action of the Democrats,
whose convention met a few days later.
It may be said that their nomination wss
practically dictated by the Rt publican
bolters. Cleveland -was their choice and
also the choice of a large majority of the
New York delegation, although he had
strong opositlon from Tammany Hall.
The Personal Campaign of 1884.
Party dissensions' persisted throughout
Arthur's term of office. Kvents strength
ened the reform element and enabled it
to carry through Congress the civil service
reform bill. Tariff reform was also
brought forward for discussion. The war
tariff was for the most part still In force.
"With the return of prosperity after re
sumption of specie payments, and the re
vival of business, the great increase of na
tional revenue from customs poured into
the treasury an average surplus of $100,
000.000 per annum. The situation com
pelled public attention and tariff revision
was Been to be imperative. A tariff com
mission was appointed in 1SS2 to recom
mend legislation, and the following year
an act inaugurating very moderate tariff
reform was passed. These tariff measures
did not. however, involve the arraying of
one party against the other, nor the tri
umph of one faction In the Republican
party over another. Party distinctions
were geatly obscured. In each party ex
isted a strong independent element not
subservient to the party whip, and at the
same time a multitude of intelligent voters
had ceased to class themselves as mem
bers of either party.
Arthur's Administration.
During and after the war there grew up
a new system of party organization and
management, designated as the "boss sys
tem" or "machine politics." The party
gradually ceased to be the organized rep
resentative of all its members, aiid became
the representative of only a distinct in
ner circle of party members wno were in
close alliance with utticial patronage and
with financial interests wnich depended
upon political action. This inner circle,
called "the machine," controlled to a large
extent the whole organization, and man
aged party affairs for the benefit of the
members of the machine In selfish con
spiracy against the interests of the body
of the party and the general public. Op
position within the party therefore took
the form of criticism of speckle abuses
and a demand for reform of the civil ser
vice. It was this opposition which came
near electing the Democratic candidate in
1876. which resisted the third term for
Grant in 1SS0 and elected Cleveland in 1SS4.
The formation and consolidation of a
distinct reform element in the party took
place later, as a result of the exposure of
a series of outrageous scandals involving
in some cases persons of high official rank
and of long and honorable political ca
reers. Mention has already been made of
the most ftunous of these — the Credit Mo
bilier transaction, the whisky ring frauds,
tho salary grab, the star route pecula
tions. For these and other delinquencies
the party in power was held responsible
and was severely arraigned, not by its
political opponents only, but by many of
its own adherents.
Immediately upon the close of the war
tendencies appeared for certain sections of
the Republican party to act at times with
the Democrats. Strict loyalty to party
ties did not prevail. So strong had this
disintegrating tendency kcome by 1872
that in the Presidential campaign of that
year we have seen the National Demo
cratic party accepting the candidates nom
inated by the disaffected Republicans.
GROWING DIVISION IN THE REPUB
LICAN PARTY.
AMERICAN POLITICAL PARTIES.
force upon the unsuspecting American
people the diabolical policy of absoluto
free trade, which would result In tha
wholesale destruction of American Indus
trie*, the pauperization o£ American la
bor, with innumerable other frightful ills.
The Democrats were wholly unprepareil
for such a change of front on the part of
their enemy. There wan hesitation, di
vided counsels, and their candidate. Gen
eral Hancock, added to th« confusion by
cabalistic remarks* which set the country
laughing. Out of this unpremeditated con
founding of the Democrats it appeared
that the Republicans made wains. Never
theless, as has been me-ntionM. they came
during Arthurs administration to recog
nize and admit the need of reforming tho
tariff.
When Cleveland «nt«red upon his ad
mlnistrrrtive duties the taxes upon imports
were still furnlshinsr a considerable «ur
plus of revenue, and the new President set
himself earnestly to -work to secure the
necessary reduction of duties. To the
country at large tha subject was present
ed as a party issue. Opposition there was
to the Presidents policy from Democratic
members of Congress, but the party as a
w hole Indorsed it. It was attacked by
Republican politicians, who strenuously
defended the policy of protection against
the alleged destructive designs of the
Anglaclzed free traders.
Though the Democrats failed to secure
legislation of any kind upon the tariff dur
ing Cleveland's first term, they did suc
ceed in making the tariff question for the
time the leading political issue, a,nd very
distinctly a party Issue. The element of
opposition within the party to the reforms
urged by President Cleveland grew weak
er as the discussion was continued. The
President's message of 1?S7 was wholly
devoted to a consideration of tariff ques
tions, and during the session of Congress
which followed two elaborate bills for re
form were brought forward. That sup
ported by the Senate was drawn by Re
publican?, and proposed alterations in the
existing tariff which would strengthen Its
protective features. The Krtuse bUJ. on
the other hand, was a Democratic moiia
ure. and was passed in the House by a
strictly party vote — only four Democrats
voting against it. It provided for sharp
reductions in the duties, more particularly
upon raw materials.
These two bills exactly defined ths posi
tions of the two parties, and the-y were
made the basis of th# discussions of the
Presidential campaign of l.W. and upon
the two oppo«inr policies respecting the
tariff that battle was foujrht.
JESSE MACT.
Iowa College. #
Copyright, 1900, by Seymour Eaton.
RETURN OF DEMOCRATIC PARTY TO POWER.
SOUGHT DEATH WHEN
CAPTURE WAS CERTAIN
Murderer Miller Tried to Kill Himself
When Surrounded, but His Skull
Was Too Thick.
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, , SEPTEMBER 17, 1900.
PRECISE SPEECH.*
• •
XXII
THE CALL'S
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
7
STATEMENT
—or tot—
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
-or the-
LIVERPOOL and LONDON
and GLOBE
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF LIVERPOOL. ENGLAND.. ON THE 31ST
day of December. A. D. 1S39. and for tha
year ending on that day. as made to the In-
surance Commissioner of the State if Cali-
fornia, pursuant to tie Pi«ovl#lons of B^ctlona
610 and «11 of the Political Co*»i. condensed as
per blank furnished by th^ Commissioner.
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company J1.S5S.73O 00
Loans on Bonds and Mortjaices 3,307.330 CO
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company 2,ST3.Kn 30
Cash in Company's Office 1.5TS 73
Cash In Banks «77.0C7 23
Interest due «nd accrued ca all
Stocks and Leans ? 198 03
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortica&es 44. CSS 40
Premiums in duo Courts cf Collec-
tion 854.763 4*
Rents due and accrued 10.CCO 00
Life loan 1.400 W)
perpetual Policy premiums due 92 45
Total Assets..... JD.C3.667 87
LIABILITIES. ~
Losses Jn process of Adjustment or
in Suspense J324.S90 5*
Losses resisted, including expenses.. 30.400 00
Gross premiums on Fire R!*ks run-
ning one year or less. $3,422,398 81;
reinsurance sO per cent 1.TO.499 40
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year. 13,673.-
54S 69: reinsurance pro rata 1.821460 41
Amount reclal -liable by the in Hired
on perpetua.1 fire Insurance policies. 2S.141 £S
Liability under Life Department 90,039 07
All other demands ajainst tho com-
pany ¦ 274.519 91
Total Liabilities - *4. 778.050 SO
INCOME. — — —
Net cash actually received far Flr»
premiums $4,717,490 M
Rec-tved for Interest on Bonds and
Mortgages ¦¦¦ 139.644 33
Received for Interest and dlrracniJa
on Bonds. Stocks, Loans and from
all other source* 95.534 Hi
Received for Rents 94.162 07
Received from all other Mnxrees 150 00
Total IncooM 1. .J5.047.C81 C9
EXPENDITURES.
N>t amount p»M for Flr» Lotsn fln-
cTudinff J51S.087 53. looses ot pre-
vious years) $3,403,453 0$
Paid or allowed for Commhsioti or
Brokerage V---- «M.0M 8t
Paid for Salaries. Fees and other
chanres tor otllcer*. clerks, etc 337.23 tl
Paid for State. National and Local '
Taxes 143.323 99
All other payments and expendi-
tures KS.482 n
Total Expenditures 13.072.530 01
Flr».
LOSSES Incurred during the year...O.333.2S2 41
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during the
year . N J71S.94«.4S J5.1S7.JO T«
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
year 631.5U.T59 (, OSS, S01 93
Net amount In force
December 31. H99...I K34.0OT.T65 7.0M.S47 M
~~~ HT W. EATON. Reit. Mviaeer.
GEO. W. IIOTT. D«rputy MinoK-r.
Subscribed and sworn to hefor* m». this 77th
day of March. 1900. W. R. WILDET.
Notary Public.
PACIFIC DEPARTMENT,
NO. 422 CALIFORNIA ST.,
• SAX FRANCISCO.
CHARLES D. HAVEN
ReslCent Secretary.
UNITED STATES BRANCH.
Weekly Call, $1 per Year
Ten carloads of tableware. 150,000 pieces
in all. were recently shipped to Sydney,
Vew South "Wales. It Is the first ship-
ment of American tableware to the Anti-
podes, but' it is to be followed by others.8
1 THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, SEPTEMBEK 17, 1900.
CARPET BEATIXG AXD .CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work \
tend to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-Beat-
ing Works, 252-3.17 Tehama St.; tel. South 40.
J. MCQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co., 1
453 Stevenson Ft.; tel. South 228: lowest rates.
I. E. MITCHELL Carpet-Beating and Reno- -
vatlng Co., 240 Fourteenth M.. ; tel. Mission 74. -
CITY Steam Carpet-Beating Works. G. H. •
STEVEN'S, mzr.. 38-40 Sth st.; tel. South 250. 3
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard, laid at 4c.
STRATTOX'S, 3 Eighth St.: tel. Jessie 944.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter &t; .
tel. Main 294. GEO. WALCOM, proprietor. ]
CONKLLVS Carpet-Beating Works, S33 Golden
Gate ave. : telephone East 126.
DrcXTISTJs __
AT the ELECTRO-DEXTAL CLINIC, 809 Mar-
ket St.. cor. 4th, rm. 7. Flood hide-, you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teetn ;
without platt-s our specialty: gold crowns,
IS GO up; plates, extractions free, $4 50 up; of-
fice hours. 9 a. m. to Iff p. m. : Sundays. 9 to a
p. m. Q. W. WILLIAMSON. M. P.. Manager.
A-DR. V. CAVALSKY has returned from
the Paris Exposition with some of the finest
patents for painless dentistry, plates, teetn
•without a plate, crown and bridge, -work: all
work warranted; plates, full set. $3; flil>n(?9,
fcOc: crown. $J 50. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Cth.
EIGHT prizes for best orov.-ns. plates, bridges
and fillings; extractions or iilltngs by my won-
derful secret, painless method; 20 years ex-
perience; no studrr.ts; advlco free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed ; lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farreli Et.
CROWN and bridge work experts; our work is
unexcelled and our prices are the lowest; call
and see our samples and get our prices before
going elsewhere; best of references: examina-
tion free. DRS. PERKINS & DOVEY, 1019
Market St., bet. Sixth and Seventh; elevator.
TEETH extracted free; plates. $3; crowns. $3 50;
bridge work. J5; all the latest methods for
painless dentistry; hours. 9 a. m. to 9 p. m.
Modern Dental Parlors. 1306 Market, cor. G. O.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
Xo charge for extracting when plates aro
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $8 per set; extracting. SOc; gas given.
LOWEST prices in S. F. ; painless extraction,
SOc. New York Dentists. 969 Mission, cor. 6th.
PARIS Dental Parlor. 233 Kearny, cor. Bush—
Full set of teeth, %i; crowns, $3; fillings, 25o.
VAN VROOM — "Painless": evenings and Sun-
days. 1001 Market St.. corner Sixth.
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H." O.
YOUNG. 1841 Polk st.
\ DOG HOSPITALS.
DR. BUZARD'S Dog Hospital, Post, Flllmore—
Advice and medicine, 75c; city visits, $150; all
enimals treated; dogs boarded. Tel. West 636.
DR. Creely's C. P. mange cure and worm pills
by druggists or at hospital. SlOGoldenGate av.
DRESSMAKERS AAD SEAMSTRESSES
McDowell Dressmaking and Millinery School;
private class; patterns cut. 1019 Market st.
E. F Dressmaking, Ladles' Tailoring and Mil-
linery School; French system. 411 Van Ness.
ACCORDION pleating factory; all kinds pleat- j
ing, pinking. 121 Post, over O'Conrior&Mnffatt.
EDICATIOXAL.
AYRES" Business College. 723 Market Bt.; life j
icholarehtp. ISO; includes shorthand, typing,
bookkeeping, telegraphy; day and evening:
Just added, new business practice offices and
20 new typewriters; catalogue free.
HEALD'.S Business College, 24 Post st.. S. F.—
Practical courses in bookkeeping, shorthand,
typing, languages. telegraphy. English
branches, civil, electrical and mining engi-
neering, etc.; new 80-page catalogue free.
GALLAGHER-MARSH College. Parrott Bldg.—
Shorthand, typing and bookkeeping; Robert F.
Gallacher. expert court reporter, teacher of
shorthand: reportorial phrasing taught; prac-
tical bookkeeping; full course.. $50; catalogue.
A NIGHT School for Men at the Y. M. C. A.
buildir.g. Mason and Ellis sts. : registration,
Sept. 10-24; studies elementary and advanced;
great opportunity for young men to gain a
practical business education.
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
echool for the university. Taw and medical
colleges: references. President Jordan or any
Stanford profe'ssor. Phclan building.
ALL students but two taking full course this
year got positions. SAN FRANCISCO BUSI-
NESS COLLEGE. 123C Market st.
BOOKKEEPING, free trial; private lemons; 8
mos. In college not equal to 8 wks. with me;
fa. TARR. expert, accnt.. 429 Parrott bldg.
ENGINEERING, civil, elec. mining, mech. sur-
vey, assay, cyanide, arch. ; day, eve. : e«t. 1SC4.
VAN PER NAILLEN SCHOOL. 933 Market.
CALIFORNIA Business College fs again en-
larging quarters. Come see us. 305 Larkln st.
MUNSON School Shorthand. Typing. Bookkeep-
ing, Fpanlsh. 13" Mont'y. E. M. Carpenter, pr.
GOOD piano teacher -would like a few more
pupils; lessons 25 cents. 5S0 O'Farrell ft. ]
PIANO and German; pupil of Conservatory in
Leipsle; lessons 75c. 320 Golden Gate ave.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, crammar. writtne.
etc.. day or eve. ; to mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
LE JEUNE Art and Craft School; modeling,
deslgnlnc. carving, all branches. 424 Pine st.
~~ EMPLOYMENT OKK1CES.
A— JAPANKSE and Chinese employment con-
tractor; estab. over 10 years; all kinds help.
421 Post St.. near Powell: telephone Bush 135.
JAPANESE Housecleanin? Co. — Walters, cooks,
dishwashers. Est. 1S9Q. 102S Oak; tel. Page 547.
UNION Japanese-Chinese erap. office— Best help
furn. : domestic serv. 417 Powell; tel. Bush 376.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese. Chi-
nese h?lp. 426 Powell, nr.Sutter; tel. Black 5C72.
JAPANESE and Chinese Employment Office;
best help furn.: tel. John 2121. 806% Stockton.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office—
Best help. 411*4 O'Farrell Ft.: tel. East 426.
EM1M.OYMBM 1 W'AXTKI) KKM ALE.
A COMPETENT cook desires situation In an i
, institution; years' experience; also competent
woman with a child desires situation; refer-
ences; city or country. MISS CULLEN, &¦-.
Sutter £t
SWEDISH young girl, first-class waitress, j
hotel or boarding-housa. MRS. XORTON, 313
fiutter Bt
YOUNG German, good bookkeeper and ac-
countant, aJso correspondent in English.
Spanish and German; been three years in
Mexico; has best references; wishes a posi-
tion In this capacity. Address box 33S0. Call.
RESPECTABLE woman wishes situation to do
cooking and downstairs work; has the best
of city references; city or country. Apply ;
221 Twenty-seventh Bt, between Church and
Dolores.
GOOD willing woman wishes situation to do
general housework; in city or short distance
In country*, good plain cook and laundress.
230 Minna st.
COMPETENT girl wishes a situation at cook-
ing and housework. Ca.ll at 3235^4 Sixteenth
St., near Dolores. ; *
YOUXO neat German girl wishes sltufllon as
chambermaid; hotel or private place. Ad-
dress box 3379. Call office.
AN American working housekeeper wants a
situation; capable of taking full charge; none
but respectable parties need answer. Call or
address 122 Fourteenth et.
A COMPETENT nurse desires engagements or
care of invalid lady or gentleman. Call or
address Nurse, 259 Stevenson Bt
YOUNG lady wishes plain sewing. 60 Third
St., room 2.
COMPETENT German woman wants work by
the day, washing, ironing; references given.
Address 1203 Vallcjo Bt. Western Addition;
no cards.
DRESSMAKING and plain sewing by the day,
at home or in families. MRS. SMITH, 501
Post Bt, room 14.
TOUNG woman wouli like to get some kind
of work by the day. Address V. C, box 3365.
Call office.
RELIABLE and competent housekeeper, under-
stands cooking and buying, desires situation;
city or country. Box 33CG, Call ofjlce.
LADIES' tailoring and dressmaking. MISS L.
FITZPATRICK, 1314 Larkin st.
A THOROUGH fitter in tailor suits wants en-
gagements; tl 50 per day. 24 i Taylor st
LADY wishes plain sewing, mending or mak-
lng over garments at home. 1609 Howard st,
near Twelfth. ',
WOMAN with a baby wishes position in conn-
try. Address box 16. IOC Eleventh St.
RESPECTABLE colored woman wants a place
for cooking and downstairs work. S40 Jack-
son st.
GIRL wishes a position to do light second
work or care of children. Call 1205^,4 Turk.
GERMAN lady wants situation for sewing
wheiV» there are children and upstairs work;
no objection to country. Address 40 Twelfth.
LADY with piano will give lessons in exchange
for room. Apply box B, Call branch, 300 Hayes.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third Ft, near Mar-
. ket; 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 night, $1 60 to $0
week; convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and. baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
t subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st. . . ¦ ..
EMPLOYMENT WAKTEP—MALa
AN all-around man wants a place In a private
family; good gardener; references. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st. '
YOUNG man discharged from the navy wishes
to become a farmer or drive milk wagon; mod-
erate wases. Box 3377. Call office. '
STEADY, eober young man wishes position as
coachman. Box 337S, Call office. ¦':'¦-¦¦
MAN and wife want situations; good cook and
baker; wife as helper, chambermaid or wait-
ress; hotel, boarding-house or Institution; city
or country; wages moderate. Adress A. R.,
633 Jessie at., off Seventh. ¦ --¦"-•
RELIABLE man (German) desires position In
wholesale house or drive delivery wagon; best
city references: sixteen years last place of
employment. Address A. B.. box 3729. Call.
A STEADY single man. with good references,
wants situation' on private country place to
care for horses, lawn and general work. Box
3367, Call office.
LUMBER and freight measurer wants position;
15 years' experience In Eastern steamahlp
lines; can take rfull charge shipping office
work. Address box 3720, Call office.
YOUNG man who Is not afraid of work would
ll)te a position as stockkeeper In wholesale
house; reference satisfactory. Box 3731, Call.
SITUATION wanted by a first-class ] German
gardener; can take care of horses and car-
riage. Addrpss Gardener, box 3361. Call office.
YOUNG married man from the East wants po-
sition of trust: will work: cash security given
If required. Box 3303. Call office. ____
A JTOUNG- man desires clerical position; has
had 5 years' experience as receiving and ship-
ping and receiving clerk. Ad. box 371U. Call.
YOUNG man wishes place to learn barber
trade: wages no object while learning. Box
4921. Call office.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore St.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st ____^_^________
EXPERT OPTICIANS. .^^^.^
EYES examined free; spectacles properly ad-
Justed. N. Mannss". oculist nntlclan. 910 Mkt.
FINANCIAL.
IF you have stocks or bonds of any kind for
sale, call or address PACIFIC COAST UN-
DERWRITING CO.. 504 Parrott building.
FLATS TO LET.
100 FLATS. HOUSES AND COTTAGES.
907 Eddy, n. f.. 8 r.$65|510 Jones, r. I.. 6 r.$15
1239 Leavw' th.f. 6 r$37 501221 Austin, f., 4 r $14
1207. Dev'd'ro, f. 6 r.$23!3l9 1 4 O'Far'll. f. 4 r.$10
1C94 Page. n. f.. 4 r. $20 4222 26th. c. 5 r JU
Flats wantod-A. M. SPECK & CO.. 667 Mkt,
A— S-ROOM Hat; corner: sunny: 2 bay windows;
all modern lmprovem'ts; 1st floor. 41i% Third.
BRIGHT corner flat; 7 rooms, bath; rent only
$25; corner Fourteenth and Howard. BALD-
WIN & HOWEI-.Ii. 10 Montgomery st.
ELEGANT sunny top flat; 6 rooms, bath; near
City Hall. 151 Grove st.
i FLAT to let— 4C34 Nineteenth st.\ near Castro;
rent $12; 4 rooms and bath.
j 200 FRANKLIN st., cor. Fell— Nice clean sunny
I flat. 4 rooms and bath; modern Improvements.
HAYES. 1311— Elegantly furnished flat. 5 rooms
and bath: $30; call after 7 o'clock p. m.
i IF you want to move pet printed, list flats to let
from BALDWIN &HOWELL.10 Montgomery.
LOWER flat, modern: large yard; marine view;
five rooms and bath; references required. 2323
Jones, st.
NICE lower flat, 4 rooms; large yard; Bide en-
trance. 2S3 Fell St.; rent $15.
RENT $17; lower flat, 6 rooms, bath and gar-
den. 23S Thirteenth St., near Howard.
RENT $18; flat of 6 rooms and bath; all modern
j Improvements. 1513 Turk st.
j SACRAMENTO, 1226^—7 sunny rooms and
bath- fine view.
SUNNY desirable flats: Oak and Lagruna sts.:
7. 8 and 9 rooms: rent reasonable. Apply
MADISON & BURKE.
6 SUNNY rooms; bath; yard; cellar: rent rea-
sonable. 1419 Bush et.. near Van Ness ave.
UPPER sunny flat, 6 rooms and bath; large
yard. Apply 2806 Howard at.
FURNITURES FOR SALE.
4 ROOMS rurnished in oak for $43 50. with No. 7
range. King Furniture Co., 1127-1131 Market.
furniture; wanted.
CHAS.~~I.EVY buys your furniture, carpets,
pianos, etc. 1135 Market»st. ; tel. Jessie 761.
ALWAYS 'phone John 1041 before selllnc your
; furniture. Standard Furn. Co.. 745 Mission.
Auctioneer— L. Vincent. 1S05 Larkin;tel.Polk 634;
furniture & furn'd houses bought; spot cash.
I $5000 worth of furniture, carpets, etc., wanted.
j M. Sllverateln. 1121 Market: *teL Folsom 1105.
| ALFRED WOLLPERT, 773 Mission St., pays
highest price for your second-hand furniture.
W. E. CODY (late with J. T. Terry & Co.) buys
furniture, carpets. 757 Mission: tel. Red 3353.
. HELP WA\TED-FEMALE.
WANTED— A middle-aged woman, responsible
! and reliable, for general housework and cook-
ing. Applv between 2 and 5 p. m., 923 O'Far-
. rell st.
j C R. HANSEN & CO. ...PHONE GRANT 185
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
2 waitrejses. Fresno, $25. fare paid : 2 wait-
resses, Santa Barbara. $20, fare paid; 2 walt-
'. resses, Matlera, $20, fare paid; waitress, VI-
Falla, $25, fare paid, and many other; 4 walt-
• reFses, city, $20; 3 re*taurant waitresses, $6
and $7: 2 lunch waitresses. $3 50; woman cook.
Institution $40; cook. country, $30; fancy
ironer, country, $45, fare paid; Scandinavian
girl to learn fancy Ironing. $15 and board to
begin and rapid Increase.
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
- . Mother and daughter. $33, see party here Mon-
day, at 10 o'clock; cook and second girl,
I Berkeley. $50; nurse, $20; second girl, Mare
! I Island. J20, see party here: M housegirls, city
and country. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104
- | Geary st.
t i GERMAN or Swedish houseglrl for small Amer-
- • lean family, no washing. $15, no office fee, see
i party hex*. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary.
. i AT MRS. LAMBERT'S 418 Powell st.— Cooks.
, t housework girls, from $35 to $15; German
3 chambermaid and yeametress, $25; maid for
grown children, $26; second girl, short dis-
tance, $30; second girl, city. $25. $15.
. WANTED—Reliable girl for general housework
n j and cooklnu; no wash; small family. Call
between 10 and 12, 2015 Buchanan st ¦
- WAITRESS and seamstress by the day or to
a room: best references required. Address* box
t 5725, Call office.
\ I WANTED— A first-class talloress to work on
I fine custom-made coats; no others need ap-
ply; also an apprentice. 119H Leavenwortn.
e WANTED— A young girl to assist In care of
u child. Call at 2930 Sacramento St., corner
Broderlck.
" PANTS finishers; experienced hands. Apply
h E. H. LEVY CO., 513 Market et. -
_ OPERATOR and finishers on pants; steady
s work. J. GORDAN. 1124 Market st.
PANTS operator, finishers, also.apprentlces. 317
_ O'Farrell st.
e YOUNG girl to assist light housework; 2 chll-
r dren; $S; can sleep home. 4 Twelfth st.
GIRL from 18 to 18 for light housework for 2.
~ r Call after 10 a. m. ajt 578V4 Sutter St.
r GIRL or woman for light housework, $15. 2427
Sutter St., near Broderlck. r
d GIRL for general housework. 35320 Twenty-
second St., near Valencia. .
y WANTED— Girl for general housework; small
'; family. Apply 2634 Howard st.
WANTED — Refined girl for light second work.
- Call between 10 and 12, at 2203 Buchanan st.
)1 YOUNG girl for light housework. 109 South
Park, between Second and Third sts.
d NEAT, reliable girl; German preferred: gen-
5. eral housework; ismall family; $18. 851 Fulton.
- TAILORESS on custom coats and make but-
tonholes. 140 Russ St.
h FINrSHER* on ladles' tailoring wanted. M.
- FEDEp. 211 Post »t.
- GOOD waitress wanted. 134 Third st.
COMPirfTSNT girl for second work; references
- required. 11S0 O'Farrell st. -
GIRL wanted to assist In housework. 2327
Bush St., near Pierce. .
~ WOMAN to mind baby; sleep home; $10 a
month. Apply Restaurant. 233 Sixth st.
7~ GIRL for cooking to assist In housework;
<_ wages $20. Ch1l 9 to 12. 1254 Eddy st./'
_ TAILORESS 4'anted on custom coats. 1170
id Market St.. room 36.
f; NEAT young girl to assist. Apply after 9
, g a. m.. 1421 Post st.
*• GIRL, to assist in general housework. Apply
|_ at S25 Geary st. ¦ ¦. , ,
?e V>*ANTED— An experienced woman cook. 126
± Ninth si.' .' .V: __
ZZ APPRENTICES on coats, . pants and vests;
J* paid while learning. - 541 Market St.
YOUNG lady of good appearance and address
~ to assist in store., FRANCES, 796 Sutter St.
GIRL to work In a rooming-house; $3 per week.
ld - Call Monday afternoon, 35 Turk st.
_S Al FINISHER on suit! at M. SIMINOFF'S. 1223
Market st. • . ¦ ..;...- .-..;.....
HELP WANTED— FEMALE. ;
A— WOMAN~w?th a child, country. $20. fare
here; woman with a child, city, $15. MISs
CULLRN. 325 Sutter St.
A— GERMAN or French chambermaid and
prams tress. $25; maid and seamstress, 120.
MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter 8t.
4 SECOND girls, J25 each; 6 second girls. $20
each: second girl. San Rafael, $25; companion
to an Invalid lady, $15; nursegirl, Tehama,
$15, fare here; housework, American family.
of 4. $25. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
A— COLORED cook, city, $30; colored girl,
housework, country. $20. 2 in family. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
A— WAIST finisher. $8 per week. MISS CUL-
LEN, 325 Sutter 6t.
A— GIRL for housework: small family: even-
ings and Sunday afternoon free; good treat-
ment: sleep at home. Inquire 210S Taylor St.,
between 1 and 3 p. m.
A WOMAN to wash dishes and other house-
. work; about two hours daily. Box 3736, Call.
WANTED— Women and girls to work on toma-
toes, canning and preparing; ' highest wages
paid; steady work; prizes for quick work.
Apply immediately to U. S. FRUIT PACK-
ING CO.. Harrison ave., between Seventh and
Eighth ets., off Folsom.
APPRENTICES on overalls. STANDARD
BHIRT FACTORY, cor. Gough and Grove sts.
GIRLS to rivet overalls, also sewing machine
operators, at Levl Strauss & Co.'s ffactory,
32 VS Fremont st. ; no experience necessary;
Rood wages. Apply tt> MR. DAVIS.
FIRST-CLASS millinery school; pupils taken:
trade taught in all branches; evening classes;
satisfaction guaranteed; terms easy. 1107
Van Ness ave., or 15 Mason st.
WAITRESS and laundress by the day or to
room; best references required. Address box
3735. Call office.
WANTED — Operators on ladles' wool waists
and children's wear; electric power; good pay.
MARKS BROS.. 1212 Market st.
EXPERIENCED operators on electric power
sewing machines on Fhlrts at GREENE-
BAl'M, WEIL & MICHELS. 531 Mission St.
WANTED — A girl for general housework and
cooking; four In family; no washing. 160S
Scott st.. near Sutter.
WANTED — Good finisher on custom pants. 622
Clay St., room ISA.
WANTED — A woman of mature years to tako
charge of small office. Box 3358, Call of nee.
OPERATORS on shirt waists. E. STEIN-
HART. 230 Butter st.
WANTED — Finishers on pants; good wages and
steady work. 346 Sixth st.
A YOUNG girl to assist with second work.
1072 Ellis st., near Gough.
WOMAN or girl for housework: must have ref-
erences. Apply 1215 Polk Bt.
GOOD cook for bakery and delicacy store; Ger-
man or Swede preferred. 743 McAllister st.
WANTED — A good girl for»-cooking and gen-
eral housework; good wages. Call 3601 Clay.
$5 TO $7: girl 12 to 15, care for children. 10SH
Fell at. ,
COOK wanted at 415 First st.; $20 month.
WAITRESS wanted. Restaurant. 631 Clay «t.
WANTED— A girl to assist with children- 2313
Clay st.
WAITRESS. 449 Third st.
GIRLS with experience. Book bindery, E36
Clay st.
GIRL, 18 to 18, to look after 3-year-old child.
117A Bartlett st.
WANTED— Women and girls to work on fruit.
1731 Folsom St.. between 13th and 14th.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore et.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1036
Valencia st.
*~~ HELP \VA\TKI) MALE.
6 MORE laborers for country, $2 to $2 40 day,
long job: 15 laborers for sawmill. $2S and
found; 20 railroad laborers, fare paid: boys
for box factory. $1 day, $1 to $2 day; boys
for city, $3 50 week and $1 day; 2 milk wagon
drivers, $30 and $3o and found; stablemen, $35;
gardeners, $30; farmer and wife, $50, see
boas here; engineer for sawmill, $45 and foun«l;
laundryman and wife, $60; 10 teameters. Jl SO
and board, and many other*. J. F. CROSETT
Agency. C2S Sacramento st.
COOK and wife, country hotel, $75: cook and
dishwashers, $75: hotel cook, $40: night cook.
$50; waiters, dishwashers and others. J. F.
CROSETT Agency. 62S Sacramento st.
A— WANTED
FREE FARE FREE FARE
20 railroad laborers, $2 a day. company work,
office fee $1.
FOR MINES
t miners : $3 a day
4 carmen $2 50 a day
4 laborers $2 50 a day
FOR FARMS
farmer, Solano County $26
farmer, Colusa County $26
farmer, Sonoma County $25
farmer. San Mateo County $26
farmer, near city, free fare .' $25
2 fruit pickers, free fare $20
orchard hand, Sonoma $20
winery hand. Snrtl*. Clara County $25
2 laborers for railroad yard. Co. work, $1 60
day, 40c an hour overtime and time and a half
Sundays.
Coachman, private, country $20
dairy man on largw ranch .fi* 25
2 teamsters, city $1 85 day
2 milkers for Pt. Arena $30
vegetable gardener $23
groom for trotters $20
hack driver, city ;i"-* 3 S
2 woodchoppers, San Mateo , $3 cord
10 woodchoppers Santa Cruz Co
20 laborers for woods, yard and sawmill, go-
ing wages, work all winter and fare advanced.
2 waiters, city, $40 and $30; broiler, city, $50;
waiter country hotel, $30; waiter, institution,
$15 and found. W. D. EWER & CO.. 610 Clay.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S 104 Geary st.
500 men for railroad work
200 teamsters. State of Nevada $2 a day
20 laborers, Surf $2 a day
20. laborers, Truckee $130
30 tunnelmen and muckers, Chatsworth Park
$2 to $2 50 a day-
Fee $1 ShlD dally Free fare
20 sawmill laborers, $2S and board; 6 coal
miners, $3 50 a clay; sawmill blacksmith. $45;
ranch blacksmith. $40; planerman. sawmill.
$50- man and wife' for a resort. $40; butter
maker, $30: 4 stablemen. $25 and $30; farm-
ers, woodchoppers and others
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Head cook, restaurant, north. $125; French
Eecond cook. $75; third cook. $60: broiler, res-
taurant. $65; broiler,, country hotel, $45; sec-
ond cook, $50.
Baker, $45, for eawmlll and logging camp;
2 restaurant cooks, country, $50; cook and
wife. Institution, $55; 3 cooks, country hotels.
$40 end $45; 10 hotels and restau-
rants, city and country. $25, $30 and $33.
20 dishwashers and kitchen hands, $25 and
$30. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
A— MAN and wife, ranch. $45. MISS CULLEnT
325 Sutter St.
A— WAITER, city. $20 per month; 2 teamsters,
country, $30 each; ranch hand, $30; an all
around man. Catholic Institution across vh
bay $15: must understand care of. the sic*.
MIS'S CULLEN. 325 Sutt»;r st.
BARBERS' Progressive Union— Free employ-
ment. H. Bernard, Sec, 104 7th; tel. Jessie 152.
DISHWASHER wanted; wages $20. Apply im-
mediately, Troy Hotel, 506 Twentieth St., Po-
trero.
COATMAKER for country. Apply REISS
BROS. & CO., 24 Sutter st.
GOOD tailor for busheling. 436 Bush St.. near
, Callf/rnla Hotel. /
WANTED— A washer for plain work- Apply
Mercantile Towel Co., 251 Jessie, nr. Fourth.
LUNCH waiter wanted.; 212 Brannan st. '••/.. ' : ?i~,~:
BOY 15 to 18 years old wanted to attend soda-
water fountain: Inquire early. 810 Market st.
REPAIRING shoemaker wanted. 1247 Kentucky
St., corner Twentieth. . .
YOUNG man who has had some experience as
. sl^e salesman. 3063 Sixteenth st. -
?A TAILOR wanted on coats; call early. 12S2
Folsom st.
DISHWASHER wanted at 420 Folsom st.
WANTED — First-class porter at Oak barber
shoj. Ill Ellis st,
YOUNG man to help about saloon; understand
cooking. 728 Fourth st. ¦
GOOD boy wanted; also dishwasher; $3 per
week.. 212 O'Farrell st. . >
GOOD barber wanted: steady. 122 Third st.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly, damaged, half
. price. 662 Mission St., ' bet. 1st and 2d sts..
AN errand boy wanted for store. 1210 Polk
•st., near Sutter.
BOOTBLACK wanted at 1318 Market et., op-
posite Seventh.
WANTED— Short order, cook; $10 week. FISCH-
ER'S Bakery. 86S Washington St.. Oakland.
HELP WA.YTED — MALE.
A— MURRAY & READY....- ".Phone Main C343
..Leading Employment and Labor Agents..
WANT 7 A. M. MONDAY
WE SHIP FREE WE SHIP FREE
To all parts of California, Js'evada, Utah and
otber States and Territories
Los Angeles Santa Barbara District
Dunsmulr Redding Shasta
Fresno ; Truckee Districts
Reno, Nev Salt Lake City
Surf San Luis Bakersfleld
Soda Sprlnga and S3 other points, laborers,
teamsters, tunnelmen. etc.. $3. $2 50. $2. $1 7j
day . . Free fare
Only 51 fee U fee only
MURRAY & READY. ,
634-636 Clay st.
A— 45 LABORERS.. TO.. HELP CARPENTERS
Anybody will suit. $30. $35. $40 and found....
Come see MURRAY & READY. 634-C36 Clay.
/-CARPENTERS, Tree fare; stone masons:
plumber and tinner for factory; blacksmith
helpers; sa?h and door maker.
BOX FACTORY WORK
10 boys from 13 to 20 years of age to work
In box factory. $13 to $25 and found, tare
paid ••¦
Boatman for gasoline launch, $40 and found;
60 laborers. Humboldt County, $60; 2C4 la-
borers and teamsters for all parts of Cali-
fornia, some In San Francisco, also in fac-
tories, $2 50. $2. $1 75 day; 25 scraper team-
sters, north $40 and fjund
Loggers, crosscut sawyers, $43 and found,
swampers; 16 drillers, city job; 12 hammer
men; bricksetters, wheelers; edgerman. «
day; experienced 2-horse teamsters, city, P»
day: 50 men to pile lumber -. »w
TO MINES
25 men as laborers for mines $34 and found
26 miners, single hand work. $75, $60: 136 farm
hands, steady Jobs. $35, $30. $26 and found;
2S milkers, butter makers, $30 and found; is
stablemen, city and country'. $10. $30. $25 and
found; 3 farmers and wives; married furnace
man; 16 choremen and boys •
$25. $20, $15. $10 and .found
10 vaquerosto break colts to saddle. J4J and
found, steady, good Job; 16 teamsters, read
work SC2 &0 and found
Fcr all other Jobs come and see
MURRAY & READY.
634-636 Clay St.
A — 160 laborers, no experience necessary, for the
sawmills and woods, fare paid: 150 men and
boys to pick all kinds of fruits and grapes,
work In packing and drying houses, $30 and
found. MURRAY & READY. C34-636 Clay st.
A— HOTEL BAKERY BUTCHER....
LAUNDRY DEPARTMENT
28 cooks $50, $60, $40, $30 and found
19 waiters $35. $30. $25, $20 and found
82 dishwashers $30, $23, $20, $15 and found
12 bakers' assistants, $40, $35, $no and found
12 laundrymen, $40. $35. $30. $23 and found
Candymakers: porter help for Institution....
Pantry man, Nevada ; $40 and found
6 butchers $35, $50 and $30
Pantryman; Icecream makers
MURRAY fc READY. 634-636 Clay st.
A— FOR a Government. position, an experienced
stenographer and typewriter. MURRAY &
• READY. 631-6C6 Clay St.
A— SPECIAL
Beef lugger. $2 25 day; stonemasons. $3 day:
help for wine cellars: tailors: foremen: boys
for bakeries and others; wagons and nur-
series; sausage makers; painter for Govern-
ment: laborers for factories; choremen and
boys; 365 positions not advertised. Come see
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay St.
FIRST-CLASS barbers for city and. country;
wages $16 up. Apply Immediately H. BER-
NARD. 104 Seventh st.
WANTED— Young, handy wagon blacksmith's
helper to help all round shop. 316 McAllister.
BARBER wanted. 33^ Turk Bt.
BOY wanted. ROSS & SONS, 335 Bush st.
WANTED— Dishwasher at 107 Berry "t., foot
of Third.
WANTED— One night cook and one waiter for
day. 1201 Flllmore st.
DISHWASHER wanted at 125 Seventh st.
SHOEMAKER wanted on repairing; steady
work. 621 Sacramento st.
NIGHT waiter wanted. 517 Montgomery «t.
WANTED — Strong boy to work, la bekery. 82
Sixth st.
GOOD cook for restaurant. 608 and «10 Sev-
enth at.
WANTED— Boy who haa had some experience j
at blacksmith trade. 1800 Folsom st.
WANTED— Good waiter at Golden West Hotel.
68 Ellis at. '
WANTED— Good barber; steady Job- 115 Lar-
-kln st.
BOOTBLACK for barber shop and to clean
baths. 120 Geary at. j
WANTED— Strong butcher boy. Sunset Mar-
ket. 171 Fourth st.
BOY wanted to learn the harness and saddlery
trade. 1283 Folsom at.
DISHWASHER wanted, restaurant. 1432 How-
ard st.; call at once; wages $20 and room.
GENERAL tailor wanted. 127 Eddy at.
WANTED— Good barber; steady Job; good
wages. 1048 McAllister fit.
GOOD baker for New England Bakery, 727 Lar-
kin st.
WANTED— Good bedmaker. 32 East st, Dewey
House.
GET your shoes half soled while waiting; 23c
to 50c. 562 Mission St.. bet> 1st and 2d sts.
WANTED— Recruits for the United States Ma-
rlne Corps, U. S. Navy, able-bodied, unmar-
ried men of good character, between the agea
of 21 and 35 years; not less than 5 feet 4
Inches and not over 6 feet 1 inch In height;
must be citizens of the United Stages or per-
sons who have legally declared their Inten-
tions to become citizens; able to read, write
and speak English properly. For further In-
formation apply at the Marine Recrultlnsr Of-
fice, 40 Ellis St., San Francisco, Cal., 530 K at.,
Sacramento. Cal., or 1058 J St., Fresno, Cal.
SMART boy wanted; one not afraid of work
and handy with tools: wages $12 ter month;
stnte where last employed. Address box 4CC5,
Call office.
WANTED— Good reliable man for position of
trust; good wages: steady Job; security re-
qulred. Box 3734. Call office. ;
FIRST-CLASS jeweler for repair work; state
wages; reference; permanent position. Box
3722, Call office.
WASTED — Steady man to take Interest in
commission business: $150 required. Mc-
LAUGHLIN & CO.. 777*4 Market St.
BOY. 17 to 20. to work in grocery store. Ap-
ply F. G. EICKHORST. Greenwich and Pierce.
YOUNG watchmaker as assistant; state wages
and references. Box 3723. Call office.
BOY wanted. Apply at drug store. Sixth and
Mission sts.
FOR sale — A 3-chair barber shop, on account of
going East. 1* Turk st. .
JEWELERS, 32S Bush St.. third floor, room 4.
WANTEI>— First-class kitchen helper and a
first-class oyster man. Box 1SC2, Call.
EOY wanted between 12 and 14 to learn the
locksmith trade. Call at 405 Drumm st.
COOK for small restaurant. 1915 Central ave.,
between California and Sacramento sts.
A YOUNG' man to work on wringer. Merean-
tlle Towel Co.. 251 Jessie St.. near Fourth.
BOYS with experience »t underpresslng on
pants and vests. 641 Market st.
FIRST-CLASS panU makers wanted. Apply
1110 and 1112 -Market st.
WANTED— A man that understands florist and
nursery business. 600 Haight st.
WANTED— 100 men to take rooms. 10c. 15c and
20c. Boston House, 930 Howard nt.
MEN wanted to learn barber trade; only eight
weeks required; positions guaranteed ; special
inducements: catalogue and map of city free.
Meier's Barber .College. 635 Clay st.
¦WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkjn, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third St.; 150 larg*
rooms; 25c per night: Jl to $2 per week.
! NEW goods: quick sales; salary or commis-
sion; city or country- THE J. DEWING CO..
Flood buildinz.
BOYS wanted. San Francisco and Pacific Glass
Works. Seventh and Townsend ets.
SAILORS, ordinary seamen and green handj;
all parts of world. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart
LABORERS and drillers wanted at 627 Four-
teenth st.. near Guerrero. •
MEN and women to learn barber trade. S. F.
Barber Collece. 741A Howard st.
1 PENSIONS-GEO. D. CAMPBELL, lawyer. 18
years* practice; Examiner building.
1 WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket; 700 rooms, 25c night: reading-room; fre«
" 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
LINDELL House, corner Sixth and Howard—
'. Rooms 15c to 25c night: 75c to *2 per week.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions I
j received at Call branch office. 2?00 Flllmore st. |
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and !
; subscriptions has been established at 103€ |
Valencia st.
HOrSES\TO LET.
- A^^IN^Et>^t:"houses"uriet: send~for~ci£ i
' cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
- HOUSE toSlet-5 rooms, bath. Metcalfe place,
c off Geary 'st.. between Mason and Taylor.
- SUNNT house. 7 rooms and bath: large yard:
rent J25, water extra; reduced from $30. 1119
, Broadway, near Van Ness ave.
TO LET— House of 4 rooms. 2303 Folk at.
HORSES, LIVE STOCK, Ete— For S&l'A
40 HORSES for sale: also wagons, bugglealv
carts, harness. Grind Arcade Horse Market.
327 Sixth st.; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN A DOYLE. Auctioneers.
100 HEAD of flr.e horses will be sold at auction
Tuesday evening. September IS, at 7:80. Oo-
ciJental Horse Exchange. 721 Howard at.
70 HEAD draft, carriage and saddle hcraes; also
pneumatic and rubber-tired buggies: cheap.
Occidental Horse Exchange. 721 Howard at. ,
FOR sale— Some young, fresb. milch, oows. CK
F. PKRLE. Angel Island.
MYFXOT1SM.
HYPNOTISM— A complete course of Instruction
ana diploma for S3; free demonstrations every
Thursday evening. California College of Hyp-
notssm. VA 1 } .Market. Office hours 3 to 5 dally.
LOST AXD FOOD.
LOST— Black feather boa, 2:30 trip steamer
Berkeley at mole; liberal reward. 443 Green-
wich st.
$40 REWARD— Lost, going to overland train
at Oakland mole by the 10 o'clock boat, or on
train, a gold nugget bracelet. Return to H,
F. BARBIER. 136 Sutter St.
LOST— A fox-terrier, white, with black spots
on back, brown spots on eye; license tag 1503.
Reward at St. Louis Brewery, cor. Powell
and Francisco st3.
LOST— A passbook with the Hibernla SaTtngs
and Lean Society of San Francisco In th*
name of THKRESIA BIELICH: No. 243-745.
The finder will please return to bank.
LOST— A passbc-Bk with the Hibernla Baring*
and Loan Kociety of San Francisco, In th»
name of JAMES KINSELLA. No. 223—1558.
The finder will please return to bank.
MEDICAL. _t
DR7~anTTlRS." DAVTEsTlS Market" it.— Rell". J
able ladles' and gents' specialists; S2 years*
practice; have treated thousands of cases suc-
cessfully: a positive cure guaranteed at office;
ladies treated can return home the same day:
try the celebrated HINDO HERB treatment
for home cure; any one can use it by direc-
tions; perfectly harmless: home for confine-
ment. Send five 2-cent stamps for circular.
DR. G. W. O'DONNKLL. the world-renowned
ladles' specialist: safe and reliable: has prac-
ticed in San Francisco for years; treated thou-
sands of cases successfully; treatment can b»
used at hom£: consultation free. After all
others fall call on him. 1023^4 Market at.
well known ladles' specialists,
have returned from Europe: safe and reliable;
cure %Z: have treated thousands of cases with
success: 15 years' practice in 9. F. : maternity
home; low fees. 1007^ Market St.. near Sixth.
MG TOY KEE. Chinese doctor: cures consump-
tion cancer, catarrh, etc.: all diseases treat-
ed: send for testimonials; advice free. Sani-
tarium. 704 Sacramento at., corner Kearny.
MRS. DR. WTETH. reliable specialists: 23 yrs.'
practice: home In confinement: treatment at
office. $5; any ailment; consultation free; con-
fidential. 942 Post St.. bet. Hyde and Larkin.
A— NEW process: every woman her own physi-
cian; no medicine or pill* used: practical phy-
sician 37 yrs. PR. POPPER, 313 Kearny at.
MRP. I>R. KOHL, the well-known and reliable
ladies' specialist; guaranteed treatment at of-
flco, $3; positive cure. 446 Eddy. nr. Lavnwrtli
MRS. M. ALLEN, 1033 Market— Ladle*' special-
ist; home In confinement: safe and reliable;
consultation free; hours 10 to 8.
DR. and MRS. M. WEGENER— PrtT&ta horns
In confinement. 1212 Golden Gate ave.
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, treats all 41a-
eases of the human body. 115 Mason st.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call, 18 pages, sent to any address In thm
United States or Canada on* year for SL
MISCELLANEOUS — FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines, 2fl-hand machinery. Mo-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 10S-197 Fremont at.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters,
linoleum, new and second hand; we always A
have a large stock of saloon outfits on hand; m
32 complete outfits on out floor, ready made: '
we 'can ship everything In 24 hours. J.
NOONAN. 1017. 1019, 1021, 1023 Mission «t.,
above Sixth; write for catalogue.
FOR sale — Property of the Live Oak Consoli-
dated Gold Mining Co.. situated In Nevada.
County, 13 miles north of Auburn; 3 patented
claims: 8-stamp quartz mill; ditch and hoist-
ing works complete. For further particulars
lnoulre of A. MEI3TER. 914 Ninth St.. 'Sao-
ramento, Cal.
FOR SALE.
The submersed four-masted eteel snip, Aade-
lara, lying In Tacoma harbor, also scows,
lighters shears, diving gear, engines, cable
and other wrecking appliances. Address all
communications to C. L. PARKER, Secretary,
rooms 40-41. Ilaller block. Seattle, Wash.
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, tollers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys,
etc. TTIITELAW. 216 Spear st. <
ENCYCLOPEDIA Brltannlca. half-bound, good
as new. 30 vols. ; cost $«0; price $43 lr sold
oulck. Box 2064. Call office.
8 H. P. 2nd-hand steam engine and boiler; ala<»
for ga?ollne, 6, 4, 3 and l'i h. p. each; first
class; bargains. EPSTEIN. ESS Mission st.
STEEL TANKS, all sizes; aultable for water or
oil" cheap: all shapes; second hand. H. B.
WK ITE. 518 Mission st.
A— $3 50 DERBY and Fe>1nra hats, $1 75. Pop-
ular Price Hatters. SCO Keamy st.. near Pine.
A— 100 HORSEPOWER enjrtne. holler. 2 drtll
air compressor. JARDINES. 220 Fremont st.
A BRAND-NEW sealskin Jacket for $110: cost
originally $200. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant av.
BLACK- AND-TAN male, 2'i lbs.. 1 year old;
also Newfoundland pup. 143 Tehama, cfT 3d.
FEMALE St. Bernard dog for sale. Inquire
at 1324 Filbert at.
SET of drawing Instruments, 2 T squares, tri-
angles, board, etc. ; cheap. P.oom 1. 8C3 Mkt.
SAFES— New and second hand. THE HER- 1
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento at. .^
PORTABLE engines, boilers; Iron and wood
planers, lathes; 2d hand. J. Burke, 139 Beale,
M\GIC lanterns, new and 2d hand: moving
pictures. Bt'LLARD & BRECK. 131 Post at.
FINE suit. $l f >; dress pants, $3 73. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS, 437 Montgomery st.
FULL line cameras fvd photo rupplles: selling
cheap. W. A. HARTTER. 513 Examiner bldg.
WILL rent full dress Tuxedo or Prince Albert
suits for $2 :»0. Portland Loan Office. 25 Stktn.
10- TON Fairbanks scale and flra and burglar
proof safe. 216 California st.
2D-HAND photreraphlc and magic lantern out-
fits bought, sold, exchanged. 103 Montgomery.
FIRST-CLASS second-hand modern engines and
boilers bought and sold. KROGH Mfg. Co.
SAFES— Now ard second hand; all sizes. TTTO
WALTZ SAFE. 1W-H1 Market at.. San Fran.
M1SCELLASEOIS AVAJITS.
LADIES' and gents' cast-off clothing bought &
sold. Sllverman. 3S4 Folsom; tel. Folsom 1131.
¦KLEIN still pays best price for clothing, brlo-
a-brac and books. -109 Sixth st. : tel. Jessie 141.
IF you wish full value for your cast-off clothing
call on B. COHEN'. l.',7 Third: tel. Black 4123.
MONEY TO LO.V.V.
AA— BEST rates and easiest terms.
Second mortgages
Interests In estates
Undivided Interests In real estate
Financial problems of all sorts and sizes
¦olved by HERMAN MURPHY. «30 Market.
ANY amount at 8 per cent: 1st, 2d and Sd mort-
gages, undivided interest, real estate In pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought: no de-
lay; get my terms before doing business else-
where. R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, r. 1
¦ — ¦
AXY proposition, any amount; 8 per cent: first. .
! second mortgages, estates In probate. Interest
In estates. leKacies. corporation lo&ns. chattel
mortgages, life Insurance. Room 16, first floor.
Chronicle bldg. HALLORAN & OLSEN.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low.
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 846 Market
St.; tel. Main 1644. Branch, 19 Third at.
OX furniture and pianos without removal- quick
rervlce: money direct: lowest interest. Rooms
6S ar.d €3. Donotioe building. 1170 Market st.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds,
watches, jewelry. Vf. J. HESTHAL, 10 81xth;
highest price for (fid gold, silver, diamonds.
AT 126 Kearny St.. room 9. respectable private
place to borrow on watches, diamonds; lowest
rates: take elevator. Teiephona Davis 995.
$iC0 CCO AT 6 per cent In sums to suit In city:
also $i:,0 000 on large ranches; also on second
mortgages. R. J. MERCER & SON. 412- Pine.
ANY amount by private party on furniture and.
pianos: no removal; low rates; confidential.
BONELLI. 301 Jones st.. corner Eddy.
WHY pay rent? We loan money to bulla with.:
small monthly payments. Home Building
Company, 222 Sansome St., room 2.
I MONEY loaned salaried people without security.
I HILL. r. 4t. Merchants' Ex.. 431 California,
ON furniture and pianos; no removal; con2-
* dentlal; on diamonds, etc. 33 Taylor st,
TO salaried people without security: all busl.
I ness confidential. Tousley Co.. 321 Parrott big.
i ON furniture, pianos: 3 per cent per month; a A
! commission. Mre. Wilson, rm. 101. 6 Eddy rj^
¦ CAFH loaned to salaried people on note without
: lr.dorser. MORRELL.6C0 Examiner building.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal: no com-
j mission; private. LICK. 116 McAllister at.
I TO salaried people without collateral or ln»
fiorser. S. F. Discount Agency, iu Phslaa w<> - -
SAX FItAXCISCO' CALL.
BCEIXESS OFFICE cf The Fan Fraadsco
rsll. ccrr;-jr of Market and Third street*. ox>en
crtJl :» cclocV. every r.'.frht in tha year.
i:UANCH OFFICES— LS7 Mrat«cinery ttreet,
corner Ciny: epen ur.lil 9:St) p. m.
(96 Ha>et< street; open until 9:30 p. m.
CS? McAllister street: epen until 9:£0 p. m.
C*.5 Lerliln street; cpen until E:SO p. O.
5MJ Mbstoa street: open ur.tll 10 p. ra.
rx\. Market ctreet. ccrner sixteenth; open
cr.til S p. m.
J06 Eleventh rtreet: open until t p. ra.
1006 Valencia street: open until 9 p. ra.
Northwwl corner Twenty-second and Ken-
ti:rVy rtrp>-r>: rptn un"l 9 p. m.
~* MEETIXG NOTICES.
GULDEN Gate Oon.manilery No. 16, K. -==•_
T.. Ooldoa Gate bUtUiOK C3 Sutler 'fiSft*
M — Flatfd assembly THIS K^-i.^- o
JNO «.t K o'clock. The crier of'th* «O*
Tempi* «"'-'.! be ronferre-L All Iratcra •
a» «^^^^^ MIIjLA}! , Dm. Com.
VTM. T. FONDA. Hecordgr.
EAN' Francisco Chaj>U-r?C!>. 1- R^* 1 *#V
Arch Mason*— Meets THIS EVENING. J^^
Hu?:neRP. JK-crees 5 and 6. *
OCCIDENTAL Lo<1*e No. 22. F. and A. «
M.-THIS cMONDAY) EVENING at^V^
7 33 o'clock, rust desree. liy order ol
TT ALTER O. AXDHRSON, Secretary.
KING Solomon's Lo«ice No. CCO. F. and ¦
A. M.. Franklin Hail. Fillmore Et.. —g\^
;.••.*¦••. : •. 'i and Suttee— First Jegre<= Tl JT
THIS EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. / V l
HARRY BAEHR, Secretary.
GOLDEN City Lodse No. C3. K of P.— ;#:
Merr.bers wUI assemble at lodpe room. re^
ryth'an Castle. MONDAY. Sept. 1*. cS6-&*
at 12$ P- m. to attend the funeral ¦iK"V'T»
of our late brother. J. SAXSEN- i
ME1KK. GDJ, THOMSON. K. of R. and S. !
A SPECIAL, nv.-etlns of the Fruit and Poultry
IValers' Association will be held at Pythiaa
Castle. SOS Market ?t.. on MONDAY. Fept. 17. \
VK<0 at $ p. rn. All members are requested to |
be present. Hy order of PKESIDEXT. •
THE California Debris Commission having re-
ceived ar.Dlicatlone to mine by the hydraulic i
rrcccss from W. W. Treat and John H. j
Th^ir.aa. In the Qoo<J Hor>e mine, near I
r:clir*e. riun-.as County, to d^po^it tailings
In Onion Valley Creek; from the Bader Gold
Mlr.lrr Cornriany. in the pold ir.lne,
r«ar Macalia, Hutte County, to deposit tall- j
;r»r« in Liitle Butte Creek; from the Ralston j
r>!vi<*.e Gold Mining- Ccn-.par.y. In the Lynch- I
bets Btoe, near Virner. Placer County, to J
«'«.p.--f;it taillnsrs In L.or»? Canyon, and from G. j
K. ;.ev.is= ri al.. In the Snake Gulch gravel
mine, r.ear Vai'.lclta. Calaveras County, to
«J'To?lt tailings in Fnake Gulch, Rives notice i
that a meeting Tniil be hcM at room M. Flood
r>ui!<3in£. San Francisco. Cal., on September
54. :''''¦'¦ .-t : 38 r> m.
ACEMS WASTED.
jrr. TO jr»O daily easily made by our Live Agents,
n-.er: or women, selling our latest novelty,
campaign w.aterrroot neckties; goods entirely !
new and patented; agents delighted: sales un- j
Jlmited: what otteni do you can do; write to- !
<5ay; f-^ure exclusive territory; guaranteed ;
lw« fdler. AddreFS. with rtamp. M. & M. j
jiAXFfl. CO.. Dept. C. FprinpfieM. Ma.«-s.
W'ANTF.D-Travellr.K ealesmnn to sell oil stocks j
on salary and commission: salary ?40 per j
month : we pay expenses. Address Ecx 2343. ]
O»1I office. I
AGi:NTS fell CJr r.luniinum card cases and j
earJs: circulars «nd samples free. Bunker
PrtBtfas C^.. Pert. S. Kansas City. Mo.
AGKMS of ability ar.-J exprifcre In life inrjr- !
enre. «"^ill at rr>^m I8L P?T Market, cor. Sixth. ',
, — — — — i
WE baadte n«c<t nnveltiep for aeents. PA- ]
<"irii^ AOKVTS* yiTPI.T CO.. Ztfl l^th st. ]
"JlVlMIALTlM KOOF1XG.
J. TEI.T1ER. CFr.halt rooflng. Pldewalks; cellar
fl-ior« laid. r»-rair»i1: 7>ostP.l. liSS Miss'on St.
"ASTROLOGY.
MMK. HICKET. astrologist; card rcadlnir and ,
palmlntry. Be: horoscopes enst. 1923 Miscion.
ATTOR\EVS AT LAW.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty: private;
no •««, without succes?: collections. G. W.
KOVv'n. atty at law. S5O Market. cor.Ftockton. J
R. AY. KING, attorney, in Market st.. ro-im C2T; j
Funeral practice; moderate fees; consult, free, t
FREE advice; di\ - orce !aws=. damaees. estates. ¦
clleotions. J. A- Mitchell. S14 Montgomery. ;
ADVICE :ree; no charge unless successful. W, '
W. DAVIDSON. !C7 Market st.. opp. Mason. ;
L. S. ('LARK. Emma Spreckels bids.. 927 Mar- i
let Ft.: cons-ultaticn fre-e; no fees in advance, j
CTBTEB, HERMAN J.. attorney. S27 Market
St.. r. S2o: open eve.. 7-9; consultation free.
II XI 'II CAUINETS.
DOBXN6O3I t'\ 4-pancl folding: door opens: firm
arid pnff. \V. S. BRO*>VN. pen, agt.. 4^ Ellis.
HDARIIIXU FOR CBILDBEX.
MAKLiri) couple without children would like
¦ a child to board; eockI home and care. 132
I" mrteenUi et. 4^
I.AI>Y with own hom« would like one or two
• Fmail children to board; good care. S21S Six-
t< esth Bt.
YOl'NG cr>uple with no children would like
to Tak" a child to board. Address box 3741.
'•• <^ail offioe.
UIS1NESS CHANCES.
A--?AI>><'N v.-ith S furnished rooms; rent 140;
place doing a Cood business; in neighbor-
¦ . ft'xxl ot warchousos and factories; commt-r-
< iftl lunch from 11 to 1 o'clock: a rare chance.
*a!l R. <J. WILKE. V% Kearny st-^
j± — }i|f«i; SALOON: estab. many years; half a
block north of Mason and Market; rent $75:
a first-class, paying place; partners can't
ajrrc*- cause of Bale. See R. G. W1L.KE, 26H
. K^arnv et.
A— tlODO; rOFFEE saloon doing an average
business of M0 per day; rent $75: place lo-
cated near Hall of Justice, on Kearny Bt.,
and \vi:i double r«*<-eir.ts in short time. Call R.
<".. WILKK, 2t>'i Kearny st.
A— WOO; IlKSTAl'UANT in wholesale district;
close to water front; a good paying business
¦ and rare bUFiness chance. Call R. G. W1LKK,
2t;u Kearny st.
A — CUM; i •' iKXKR irrocery and bav; choicest
location .in the Mithion; rent $35; 4 living
rocrn*; place estab. years; owner, a widow,
wwHsi to retire. Call R. O. WILKE, 2K4
K»arny tt.&
Ja— ?2.V>0; SAI/IOX with t.uiMinK of 7 furnished
robins; Ions ground lease; rinse to Union Iron
Works; !>!aee i-Ftab. K years and doinB a first-
r-luss iiayir.g business; own»*r leaving city.
«'Bl! It. O. WILKE, I6S Kearny st.
A-r-T'.; GBpCERT and bar. with three living
riinmf; rent $-"; thickly settled neiKhborhood,
south of Mark« t st. Call U. G. WILKE. 2C^
Kearny st.
A — OOIUCEB .-Msar store on K«>arny et. : clfar-
ln« above ICO per month. Call R. G. WILKi:,
264 K«n»y pt.
A— J'Cf>; <"OliNKH saloon rn Polk ft.; long
. leaw; clieai> rent; nrxt-class paying business;
<i»ath of <mner oause of sale. See Ii. O,
. -WILKE, :c ? Ke;irry st.
'. A-41000: PARTNER wanted in porter. Etout
and \\( :ss !i..r brewery; lnvo-ttieate; a rare
rhamp. <'a!i K. «:. WIl.KE, W± K*-amy Ft.
>-CM0; f-TATI< >Ni:iiY. notions and ice cream
part'VS, connected with gcnrral apency cf all
S. F. narw-rs; alao pen»iel apencj' of 2 steam
¦ laundries; no <u>I>oKition In either line; rent
51:5; in !iv«-]j- tmalin— town across the bay.
1'artlculars K. <',. WILKE, "C^ Kearny Bt.
J:2y-COnNi:n eroccry and bar; most deslr-
'able location in the CCcstcm Addition: old-
*-sta».iis.h^J vlnce; larj;e stock; fine fixtures.
M. I^KSH. TC5 Market vt.
A PARTKEn xvanted in oyster and chophouse;
Email ca;*;tal; nrst-fluss proj>OFition: must be
!a c.x>k. An,ly to M. LKS.S &. CO.. 7C3 MarkH.
J775— C!ro<?ery and bar; Kood location; south of
Market; nice llvlr.K room?; cheap rent; worth
_ t400; Bee it. M. LKS3. 7C3 Maskr>t Ft.
A— OOnVEB Baloon: water front; wholesale
airtriiti money malcer. COV.'INtJ &. CO.. 719
Market rt. -:.' •
A— f'OAI*. wood ar.4 grain yard; receipts $(VM
month. COWING & CO.. 719 Market st.
A— BOTCH KR *r>op: money tnaker: rnu«t go;
Icfcaeaw. COWOtO & CO.. T19 Market »u
—DELICACY and canned goods, meats an>!
¦ovislona; flean fresh stock; pleasant rooms-
¦r rent. LANK & CO.. 8C5 Market st.
FAY. m^JXZZn. &. CO., have you lodpln^-
>uses? Vcr, what price? j?,CK) up, any loca-
on tieclreO; 12 roomr, t3fO; 10 room^ 1150; i{
orr.s, new. JJSO. fine; 20 roonr;«. barKn'.n. J7.">0:
room*. ISSDd anaj>: all sizes, all vrlcer. ail
•w l>argaJn«; caJl and se« u«. lfd Market.
; have largest list of caioor.x, hotels, pro-
Tie*, risyr ."torep. He. In tho city. Call
JHWKIXJUKI) fc CO.. SiT Market St.. be
reen Kilth and Sixth; u;->;!ioae Mint 131L
— COKNEU procery and bar: bargain; slck-
»^*s cause of eale. MCLAUGHLIN & CO.,
rrrvs Martcet t.
PACT2CSR wanted In an old-established board-
Jns Ftable; o»nT well-known, reliable man;
rou<1 vc'.u^. DONNELLY &. CO.. CZ> Market.
YOUNG man Trith few hundred dollars would
CO M»rtnershi|j with honest party in some
Ismail business; references required. Box ICJJ,
Cell Qface.
OnNTI.KMAN located cirht years in Philippic
lolands an<* China would like to meet gentle-
man with soaa capital. Box 378S. Coll office,
FINE crocery store for Bale: caeh busir;ess;
central location. Box 37J7, Call office.
DCSIXESS CHANCES COXTIXUED.
i700^SRUG7Vtatl^ry7n^ion8~mininery, etc.;
town of tOO; no opposition: $15 daily; rent $6;
opportunity for druggist or doctor.
J1000— Drug ctore and doctor's practice: $200
monthly. KREDO & PUTTON. 36 Geary st.
J50&-DELICATESSEN; etendy counter trade;
$23 r*r day guaranteed: cheap rent.
K0C— Delicatessen; V dally: trial given.
KREDO & DUTTON. 26 Geary Ft. \
FOR sale-Delicatessen etore at 2012 Mission
rt.. near Sixteenth.
TWO stores to rent; one for restaurant, with
furniture: other for barber shop. 698 Fourth.
i WANTED— Partner in a good paying mechan-
ical business In Oakland: established 24 years:
$7300 capital required, which will be fully se-
cured by grood real estate; no chances of loss;
must b<? business man competent to keep
bcoks and collect bills. Call or address E. W.
VOODWARIi, 11 Montgomery »t.. San Fran-
cisco, Cal.
I'AP/riES barfus cfijital to Invest In largo or
email amounts ran secure a permanent invest-
mect which will pay net dividends from 16 to
40 i-er cent annually; fullest investigation;
1 Fend for particulars. Address Fisheries, box
1111. Call office-
A NICK country hotel a short distance from
city dcinjr srood business; must »ell on ac-
count of death. Address Baden Hotel, South
Ban Francisco. San Matoo County.
WANTED— $40,000. in sums from J50 upward. In
a new enterprise; Investment guaranteed
apalnst loss; write for Information. Address
box 23^4. Call office.
FOR sale— SSr.OO: an old-established horseshoe-
Ing business, near city; includes shop and
tools; averages 20 horses daily; first -class
price*: present owner wishes to retire. 'Ad-
dress box 4313. Call officer for particulars.
JZiCO — COAL and feed yard and express busi-
neFs; < horses and 5 wagons; good building:
living-rooms; long lease; excellent chance;
good location. ?935 Sixteenth st.
TO rent— Fcr coal yard, milk depot, etc: fine
location: place is entirely covered; contains 3
etails: rent only J15; water free. Inquire TVM.
HKNDRICKSON & CO.. 614 Call building.
I poit 6ale— A hotel, situated near the Union
Iron Works and sugar refinery; reason for
Bellinf,', wishing to so to the country. Apply
1GC2 Kentucky st.
j A— J1SO0; CORNER grocery and bar: well estab-
I Ushed: outside trade; fine locality; raro op-
| portunlty. Box 4SS2. Call office.
I BARBKRS— For sale, first-class country shop,
running 3 chairs and 6 bathrooms; everything
! first class; price tTOO. Address box 3358. Call.
WANTED-r3 pravel minors with $500 each for
a splendid prospect in Nevada County. Ap-
ply ZSVi Kearny St., room 15.
SALOON and lodging-house to rent; southwest
comer First and Federal Bts., near Mall dock;
¦will assist a good man.
j:«*-PART.\KR wanted In old established
business; must have a knowledge of hard-
ware Address box 4C 1 ?!, Call office.
fJS'V- STATIONKRY, confectionery, cigars, no-
tions, etc.: living rooms: cheap rent: bargain.
For particulars address box 371S. Call office.
I FOR sale— On account of retiring from busi-
ness, a second-hand clothing store; an old-
! established stand. 607 Jackson, nr. Montgom'y.
TOl'NO man acquainted in city, with some
capital; legitimate business. Box 3724, Call.
i SALOON on Third et.. near Market. Partlcu-
i lars U. P. Brewery, 31S Fulton St.
| $400— rOKNER grocery and bar, with 4 living
: rooms. 1111 Howard ft., corner Langton.
| FOR sale cheap: bakery baklns I s * barrels;
j horse and wagon: good reason. Box S339. Call.
i FOR tale — 10 furnished rooms; all rented; rent
| t?l r.0; price only J150. Apply 106 Second, st.
j FOR rale— Shoe etore: small stock. HIS Rail-
road ave. . Bay station. Alameda.
i MILK ram-h lor sale; in city limte; every-
i thing complete. Box 4909. Call office.
i COFFEE and tea routes supplied from. GEO.
i W. CASWELA. & CO.. 412 Sacramento at.
' CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
• receivfd at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore st.
! A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
' subscriptions has tipea established at 1096 Va-
j loncia st.
L.ODGIXG-HOISES FOR SALE.
liTTlOOMsT'van Ness: corner; chem*.
j 13 rooms; Eddy; sacrifice.
Z" rooms; O'FarrelL: bargain.
I 36 rooms; Market; excellent chanc*.
! 44 rooms; I'ost: owner retiring.
• EMEItY & SMITH. 3 Eddy et.. cor. Market.
| room 1. '
< R. H. WINSTON & CO.. 1O26 Market St.
i IS rooms; rent jr.O; clean house $750
i 46 rooms; rent $7.".: income S325 3000
j 47 rooms; rent S1G0; corner; clears $175 190U
| 129 rooms; terms to suit buyer 2000
' A— 22- ROOM rooming-hous?; central $1000
11-mom house; S300 down, balance easy.. 500
&Vroom house; first-class 1050
11-room house: 147.".: 6-room flat 32.>
FISHER & CO.. 1032 Market Ft.
' IF you are looking to buy a corner grocery.
| saloon, cigrar stand, branch bakery or any
business, call on us; it costs nothing to see
! our. list. A. E. Kklff & Co.. 304 Montgomery.
: MARION GRIFFIN, 719 Market st.. room No.
f 1— Houses of all sizes and prices; pleaee call
' A— ROOMING house; heart city; a anas this
I <3sy. COWING & CO.. 719 Market st.
1 WANTED — Tenant for new 110-room house. A.
M. SPECK & CO.. 667 Market st.
j WANT a house. S5 to 40 rooms, at a reasonable
price for ca«h; no agents. Write W., box
I 1S79. Call office.
I A WEEK'S nws for 5 cents— The 'Weekly Ca.ll,
! IS papos, in wrapper, for mailing, $1 per year.
I >
LODGIXG-HOISCS TO LET.
' WANTED — Tenant for new lM-room house. A.
'. M. SPECK &. CO.. C67 Market St.
CARRIAGES AND WAGONS.
¦ ALL. kinds of. wagons. buBKies. carts, harness,
' : etc., cheap. EG AN & SON. 2117 Mission st.
¦ i i — — — ¦
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single, also light
camping wagon, for sale cheap. 532 Mission.
¦ NEW & id-hand wapons. buggies, carts & har-
; I ne«-s, work & driving horses. I5th & Valencia,
' i SPONGES and chamois our specialty. AMER-
ICAN SPON'OE CO.. 150 New Montgomery st.
: I CAMPAIGN PHOTO KUTTOXS.
1 ' MF*Y of all kinds of photo buttons and Jewelry;
1 ' wholesale and retail; send for catalogue.
I M1r<iatur«> Pot-trait Co.. »13 Market St.. S. F.
J J SPIRITUALISM.
' ARUIVETV— Mrs. Dr. Farnham, world-renowned
ppiiltunl- mr< lium: advice in all affairs of life,
'. I lawsuits, divorces, deaths; unites the sepa-
rated; mining a specialty; clrs. Sun.,Wed.,Frl.
ev's: come and be convinced, (permanently)
' E13 Eddy s.t.. bet. Hyde and Larkln; no sign.
' MRS. KOTTEK. 3$ Sixth St.. circle to-day. 2 &
I 8 p. m.; 10c; eittlnss dally; G.. ?1; L., 50c.
i GO to WATSON, inn Market, nr. 12th— Famous
| ' palmist & medium; lucky & true; 25c & 50c
: ! MATCHETT holds circle ti-niRht. 8 o'clock; 10c;
• ; test to all. 122 Fourth St.; sittings dally, 60c.
' : MME. MAJORS, gifted spiritual medium.
' j healer and card reader. 132 Sixth St.. room 1.
j MKS. J. J. W1I1TXEY, clairvoyant, teat, busl-
¦ j ness medium, life reader; sittings $1. 1104 Mkt.
I I FRIENDSHIP Hall, 235 McAllister-Mra. C. J.
> Meyer. Bit. daily; convinc'g tests to-night 10^.
t I ¦ —^ — —^— —
• J " CLAIRVOTASTS,
I^ UME. LANOE, the pr»>at clairvoyant, tells past.
. j future; never fails: has the greatest E«ypl!m
pecret: shows picture future husband or vifc;
fee 20c and up; satisfaction to everybody; open
Sundayn. 1167 Market St.. bet. 7th and *>th.
,'. . MME. I'ORTER, wonderful clairvoyant &. card
I i>-adfr. born with double veil & second sight,
'. j diagnoses dls-eas»» with life reading: ladies 50c;
f i BcntB SI; palm. & clalr. sit. tl DO. 126 Turk st.
I ISMAR, tho Egyptian gypsy clairvoyant and
. I palmist, permanently located Market, opp.
» I - tlh; pnrat* readings daily 10 •. m. to 5 p. m.
9 ! MME. nrTKNARD reads life fluently; advice
- j given In all affairs In life: satisfaction puar-
0 I anteod; 2Ttc vz>. 17 Third St., next ICxamlner.
. MItS. K. M. DU VALL. clairvoyant and healer.
; diagnoses diseasoF. 4S Colden Gate ave.
. j A GYPSY, jrenuine clairvoyant, located 10 daya
I 1 OC Mission; ladies. 2^:; Rents. JOc. Frawley.
' : MME. VA I. KEN, clairvoyant, palmist; card read-
j er: real Kgyptian charms. 215 Leavenworth.
" ! MM13. RUTH, ereat prnphotio card reader;
I 50c. 70S Kills St.. nrar Ivirkln.
: ! MRS. UEUVTIAJE. well-known clairvoyant, wa-
1 i ter reader, moved to 11 Sixth; German spoken.
- i CLAIRVOYANT, trance, business medium; card
reader. 2~>c u^. K23 Mission, nr. 4th; no sign.
ii i . : z — : — : 2 —
• ¦ I MMi>. ZKKKDA. the gypsy, is the great palm-
ist and oard reader; 25c. 7 Seventh: no Mku.
- ] 11MK. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
,, palmistry; truth or no pay; Z>c. IMS Mission
_ M.MK. SCHAFFER. clalr\-oyant. card read-T.
. sittings dally. 21214 Sixth st.
: : HUE. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
" advice; narnos given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st
e | CHIUOPODISTS.
i BUNIONS, Ingrown nails, corns, absolute cure,
~ | painless; mr.sult'n free. Dr.Duncan.415 gutter.
j* COLLECTION OFFICES.
IJ GEORGE W, KELLY'S Agency— No charge vn-
i less successful. Koom 310. S27 Market eVNOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and > the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time. Th«
second time* column fives the second ' tide of
the day. the third time column the third tide
and the last or right .hand column gives th»
last tide of the day, except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occurs. , The heights
arlven are In addition to the soundings on the
United States • Coast Survey charts, *: except
when a ; minus eign (— ) precedes . the height,
and then the number sriven is subtracted from
the depth given', by: the charts. The plane. o!
refcre&ca la the mean of the lower low waters.
Sun rises. 6:63
Sun sets. 6:15
Mfton rises............... .......0:00 a. m.
ARRIVED.
Sunday, SeDtember 18.
Stmr Progreso, Monroe, 82 hours from Oyster
Harbor.
Strnr Tlllamook, Hughes. 14 hours from Al
bion.
Stmr Sunol, Green, 32 hours from Hardy
Creok, via Needle Rock 28 hours, bound to San
Pedro, with schr Falcon in tow.
. Stmr Navarro, Jensen, 20 hours from Usal.
Stmr Empire, Jessen, ' 68 hours from Coo*
Bay.
Stmr Gipsy, Leland, 25 hours from Moss
Landinr. , ' ¦
Stmr Eureka. Jessen. 22 hours from Eureka.
Br ship Loudon Hill, Cruickshanks, 204 days
from Grlmsby, via South Shields 1G3 days.
¦ Schr Louise J- Kenney. Iversen, 47 days from
Point Hope, via Cape Nome 28 days.
Schr Mary C, Campbell, 8 hours from Bo
deira.
Schr Queen, Nelson, 8 days from Grays Har
bor.
Schr Volant, Ericsson. ' 7 days from Gray*
Harbor. . . _
Schr Falcon, Oelland, 28 hours from Needle
Ro;k, DUt Into clear.
¦'• Schr Abbie, Peterson, 7*4 days from Grays
Harbor. V--"' . '
¦ Schr Corinthian, Korth,' i 20 hours from Bow
eas Landing.
MONDAY. SEPTEMBER 17.
NOTE — The high and low; waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharr) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places.
* — — — — — *
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
TO SAIL.
SAN FRANCISCO, Sept. lfi— 5 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date as compared with those of the same date
last season, and rainfall in the last twenty
four hours:
Last This Last
Stations— 24 hours, season, season.
Eure!tn Trace 0.17 1.16
Red Bluff Trace 0.23 0.02
Sacramento 0.00 O.(« ; 0.0.J
San Francisco 0.00 0.48- Trace
Fresno 0.00 0.14 0.00
Independence 0.00 . 0.76 0.17
San Luis Obispo 0.00 Trace 0.00
Lob Angeles 0.00 Trace 0.01
San Diego O.OO Trace 0.07
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature.
66; minimum, 56; mean, 61.
WEATHEIt CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST. v
The pressure has risen rapidly over the Pa
cific slope and fallen over the Rocky Mountain
region. The depression central in Arizona this
morning has moved northeastward and now
overlies Eastern Nevada and Utah. An area of
hlch pressure is central off the Northern Cali
fornia coast.
The temperature has fallen over the plateau
region and remained nearly stationary In other
districts.
Generally cloudy and • threatening weather
prevails over Oregon, Idaho and Northern Ne
vada; elsewhere west of the Rocky Mountains
clear weather prevails.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours" ending midnight, September 17:
Northern California — Pair; warmer Monday
light - northwest wind.
Southern California— Fair Monday light west
wind. • , ¦¦
Nevada — Partly cloudy, with showers in
northeast portion Monday. •„,:;'¦
Utah— Showers: cooler Monday.
Arizona— Fair Monday.
San Francisco and vicinity— Fair; warmer
Monday; light northwest wind.
G. H. WILLSON.
Local Forecast Official.
Weather Report.
Life's Tragedies.
"Into each life some rain must fall.
But the wise man doesn't sit down and
fret,
And it's only the fool who la. after all.
Unable to squeeze in out of the wet.
— Chicago Times-Herald.
GRAND HOTEL.
H C Rackliff, Ferndale
O P Nauert. Alvarado
C King, Chicago
P Balzaro & w. Guada
lupe
H W Butler, Dawson
A J Newman & w, Cal
Mrs W P Hurlbut.
Lewiston
M B Spauldlng & w,
Buffalo
H Casey. Socta <
A F Eaton, San Jose
A C Eaton. S Jose
W P Barley. S Rosa
S Newell, Stockton
L T Spadal, S Jose
R W White, USA
T J Bryant, USA
J H Griggs, USA
E C Christ. USA
XV G Woods, Sacto
C E Ackerman, Sacto
T G Edwards, Cal
M H Miller. Elko
J J Henderson. Nome
P H Molse, S L Obispo
H A Schultz, Portrvill
C Oilman, Vallejo
J W Davy. San Jose
G K Glaser, Denver
C C Durgln, Boston
J XV Keyes, Ind
T Nelson, Dawson
C H Redman, Oregon
J L Depaull, Kern
F S Bogg-s. Stockton
C F Carter, Waterbry
P carter, N Y
G H Cassldy & w, Cal
C Altman, N T
C A Sawyer, Boston
M M Johnson, Colo Hpg
C J Bignall, Sacto
M E McGrath. Denver
W H Hubbard. Kelsey
J W McCoy. Chgo
J H Williams & w, Cal
J H Dorr. Pelsarte
Miss Dorr. Delsarte
\V Ward & fam. Illnols
J H Batctoer, Sacto
J J Thorem. Portland
C Buncey. S Hafael
J S< Taylor, Napa
I H Tuttle, Watsonvlll
J D Gllllland, Chso
M Cody. L Medanos
W L Birch, Los Ang
A Rummelsburg, Cal
W Downie & w, L Ang
Mrs T Bennett, L Ang
C R McKeon, L Ang
F W Kauffman, Cal
P Moore, Dawson
C Beaulleu. Dawson
PALACE HOTEL
F Weiss, Louisville I
Dr M L Moore, L Ang
R Avery. Los Ans
W Walte, Cal
Miss A Hlhn. S Cruz
H C Burmeister. Stnfd!
J C Mulr. Stanford
H t> Hasklll. Oakland
O Peck, Cal
Dr Connelly, Oakland
Dr II L Pace, Tulare
A M McKinney. N Y
K J Dunham, Cal ,
A E Wells. N Y
E L Conger & w. Cal
J Bisby & w, Cal
S W Bray. St Louts
R Oberwlmmer. Hono
lulu
C I Crow. Los Ang
W W whipple, Oregon
Mrs C Zeltler. Denver
J F White, Ogden
J Underwood. Chffo
G w Meeeath. Omaha
Mies McCabe. Cal
M G Nelll. England
E D Hargraves, Eng
land
L D Levy, .N Y
C W Whitney, Ohio
Dr W H Murphy, Cal
T M Hocr>er, N Y '
E XV Sherry Jr. N T
Mrs E W Sherry Jr,
N Y
S Clementson. Boston
Mrs S Clementson, Bos
C R Payne & w,,Pa
O J Smith, Reno
C Dunphy. Cal
Mra E H Chllds. L Ang
Miss C Chllds. L Ang
Mrs II Childs, L Ang
Miss M Tierney, L An
W H Workman, L An
O Graram, Wyoming
NEW WESTERN HOTEL
F Thurston, Fresno ¦
W Flagg, Berkeley
R Tailor. Crockett
E llacrans, Tulare
J Taylor, Prescott
J M Rogers. Mercer
J A Donnelly, Sacto
A G Vincent. Sacto
C M Monahan, Clna
J M Colchester. Mo
Z E Buckner, S Rosa
N G Bergholt, Petalu
W Chinn, Ind
K Johnson, Aurora
E nraren. Petaluma.
C Knos & w. ChlcaRO
C Harrison & sn, Mo
L U Fox, Arkansas
M P Hammon & w,
Sonora
G M Ross. Boston
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
The German transport Samoa will frc
ready to sail for China on Saturday at
noon. She is to take. 800 horses to Taku
for the German Government.
The battleship Wisconsin will have her
trial trip on the bay to-day.
Reinsurance on the American ship Wa
chusett has advanced to 65 per cent. The
vessel is now out 126 days from Newcas
tle, Aus. for Kahulul and fears are en
tertained for her safety. W. E. Miphell.
her managing owner, has no such fears,
however, and is taking a chance in the re-
Insurance business himself. :
The Puget Sound steamer Walla "Walla
will not reach port until this afternoon.
A case of smallpox was developed between
here and Victoria. B. C and the vessel
was quarantined there. She was released
last week and it was expected that she
would reach here yesterday. She could
not make up the lost time, however.
Chief Engineer J. S. Richards, late of
the Mineola, will go out as chief of the
Oceanic Company's Australia next
"Wednesday. Chief Kngineer Keller of the
Zealandia, who made one trip on the Aus
tralia, goes back to his own vessel.
"Water/ Front Notes.
The schooner Louise J. Kenney got in
from Bering Sea last night. She left Point
Hope forty-seven days ago, and at that
time the whalers were just preparing to
enter the ice. The Indians who went home
on the schooner were delighted to get
back into the frozen North, but all ex
pressed a wish to make another trip to
San Francisco "some other time." All
hands on the whaling fleet were well. The
Kenney brings home 1400 pounds of bone
as the result of her trading cruise. On the
way, down stops were made at_ Cape York
and Cape Nome, but no news or interest
that has not been published was gathered.
Arrives From Point Hope.
It is only ten days since the United
States transport Thomas came into port,
but in that time new hawse pipes weigh
ing five tons each have been put in. The
work was 'done under the supervision of
William Donald,, assistant Marine Super
intendent of the Union Iron 1 Works, and
it is owing to his executive ability that
the work was done in such a short time
and in such an able manner. The Thomas
is now carrying patent bald anchors and
to accommodate them the big hawse
pipes were required. There will now be
no such a thing as catting an anchor on
the Thomas, as the shank will follow the
chain in through the hawse pipe and that
will end the job.
Quick Work on the Thomas.
All the shags and sea fowl that used to
congregate oh Shag and Arch rocks have
disappeared since the work of destruction
began, and seafaring men are now won
dering what new abode they have found.
In another week or so Arch Rock will
be no more. The preparations for the de
struction of this "menace to navigation"
have already begun. The staging from
which the rock will be bored in all di
rections has already been erected, and
probably to-day or to-morroy the work
of drilling will begin.
The people who travel to and from Sau
sallto in the ferry-boats, object to the
removal of Arch Rock. They sav it is
one of the most artistic spots in the bay,
and, owing to the history attached to it,
the Government should preserve it and
place a beacon light there. A number of
sailing vessels came to grief on the rock
and two of the pilot boats ran it down in
a fog and were' lost. Three men in a
boat tried years ago to pull through tr€
arch, but the swell that comes in through
the Golden Gate caught the boat and
crushed it against the crown of the arch.
Still the rock is picturesque and one of
the landmarks of the bay. and every pas
senger who comes and goes on the faau
salito and Tiburon ferries is sorry to se^j
the preparations that are being made for
blowing it up. ,
? The contractors are losing no time. It
was only la.st week that Shag Rock No. 2
was blown up. and now the work of get
ting ready to destroy Arch Rock is well
under way. Far more gelatine will be
used on this occasion than in either of
the former successful attempts and Arch
Rock is expected to provide one of the
finest sights ever seen in the Bay of San
Francisco when it is blown up.
All the Sea Fowl That Made Their
Habitation on the Big Stona"
Pinnacle Itesert Their
Old Perch.
Preparations to Blow Up
# Arch Rock Are Being
Made.
FROM SEA
AND SHORE
Sunday, Senternber It
Stmr Brunswick, Andresen. .
Stmr Coos Day, Nopander, San Pedro.
Stmr Whitesboro, Olsen, .
Stmr Del Norte, Allen, Portland, etc.
Stmr Sunol. Green. San Pedro.
Ship St. David. Pearson. Puset Sound.
Schr Jennie Griffin, Low, Point Reyes.
Schr Glen. Wilson. — .
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. Sept. 16—10 p. m.— Weather
hazy, wind northwest, velocity 12 miles.
DOMESTJC PORTS.
PORT TOWNSEND— Passed in Sept 16— Schr
John. A. Campbell, for ; schr Endeavor, for
Port Gamble.
PORT LVDLOW— Arrived Sept IS— Bktn Ben
icia. from Port Townsend.
SEATTLE— Arrived Sept 16— Stmr Humboldt.
from Skaguay; stmr Willamette, from Port
Valdes.
, PORT GAMBLE— Arrived Sept 16— Schr En
deavor, from Port. Townsend.
PORT TOWXSEXD- Passed up Sept 16— Strnr
Matteawan. hence Sept 13. for Tacoma; schr
R. W. Bartlett. from St. Michael. Reported in
Straits— Br stmr Condor, from Callao.
SAN DIEGO-^rrlved Sept 16— Ger stmr Her
odot, frcm Hamburj. /
ASTORIA— Sailed Sept IS— Stmr Fulton, for
San Francisco.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived Sept 16— Stmr Iver
nia from Boston, for Liverpool, and proceed.
ed. Sailed— Stmr Umbrla. from Liverpool, for
New York.
SOUTHAMPTON— Sailed Sept 1«— Steamer
Deutschland. from Hamburg, for New York.
MOV I LLE— Sailed Sept 16— Stmr Furnessia.
from Glasgow, for New York. Arrived— Stmr
City of Rome, for Glasgow, and proceeded.
GIBRALTAR— Passed Sept 16— Stmr Victoria,
from Genoa and Naples, for New York.
NEW YORK— Arrived Sept 16— Stmr Staaten
dam, frcm Rotterdam; stmr Cymric, from Liv
erpool; stmr Archimede, from Naples and Gi
braltar. Sailed— Stmr Neutria, for Naples;
stmr California, for Glasgow.
BAILED.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 17, 1900.
Steamer Movements.
TO ARRIVE.
Shipping Intelligence.
9
D Time Time TJme Time
» Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
->;: Li,w u v,' l w h w
17 ... 0:32 0.2 7:36 4.4 12:30 8.2 6:20 ~&~l
18 ... 1:23 0.2 .8:26 4.7 1:30 2.9 7:29 5.1
¦9... 2:16 0.3 9:06 4.9 2:32 2.5 8:29 5.1
!0 ... . 2:57 0.4 9:44 6.2 3:20 2.1 9:23 5.1
!1 ... 8:33 0.7 10:19 5.3 4:00 >.7 10:12 5.1
!2 ... 4:10 1.0 10:48 5.3 4:39 1.4 10:59 '5.0
3 ... 4:40 1.3 11:16 5.4 5:13| 1.1 U:41 .4.8
Steamer. I Destination. I Sails. Pier.
Eureka .... Humboldt [Sep. 17. 10 am Pier 13
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena.. Sep. 17. 2 pm Pier 2
Newport ... New York Sep. IS. 12 m PMSS
Walla W... Victoria Sep. 18. 11am Pier 9
Corona .,.. San Dippo..... Sep. 18. 11 am Pier 11
Australia .. Honolulu Sep. 19. 2 pm Pier 7
Pomona ...Humboldt Sep. 20. 2 pm Pier 9
Empire .... Cooa Bay Sep. 20, 12 m Pier 13
Arcata Coos Bay Pep. 20, 12 m Pier 13
State Cal.. Portland Sep. 20, 11 am Pier 24
Bonlta .... Newport Sep. 20, 9 am Pier 11
W. Kruger Tlllamook Sep. 20 Pier 2
laqua Humboldt Sop. 21, 5 pm Pier' 2
North Fork Humboldt..... Sep. 21, 9am Pier 2
N. Mam China AJapanlSep. 22. 1 pm PMSS
Santa KosalSan Di«>Ko ISep. 22, 11 amlPler 11
O. Dollar.. |Grays Harbor'Sep. 22 f
Umatllla ..IVictoria.. |Sep. 23. 11 am|PIer 9
Steamer. I From. ¦ Due.
Victoria v Oyster Harbor Sep. 17
Titania Nanalmo „ Sep. 17
Staj* of Cal.... Portland ,. Sep. 17
Corona San Diego Sep. 17
Mlneola ....iNnnalmo Sep. 17
Walla Walla... | Victoria Sep. 17
North ForK IHumboldt Sep. 1*
Washtenaw ...,|Tacoma Sep. IS
Bonita Newport Sep. IS
Pomona Humbnldt Sep. 18
Arcata Coos Bay Sep. 19
Colon New York Sep. K
Umatilla Victoria Sep. 13
Robt. Adamson Nanaimo... Seo. 19
Coquille River. Grays Harbor Sep. 19
Polnt^Arena Point Arena Sep. 20
Crescent City.. Crescent City Sep. 20
Santa Rosa .... San Diego Sep. 2')
St. Paul .... Care Nome Ifcep. 20
W. II. Kruger. Tillamook .Sep. 20
Herodot Hamburg Sep. 20
Moana Australia ISep. 21
Matteawan .... Tacoma IScp. 21
Columbia Portland |Sep. 22
City RJo de Jan China and Japan ISep. 22
Orace Dollar.. -|San Pedro [Sep. 22
Cons Bay IX<«xvnort :.!Pep. 22
! /VlcMVOY «Jfc CO.. I
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALMERS, I
i 1239 Market St., between Sth and 9th. I
Telephone South 247. |
tifcNHV ,f. (JALLAGMItl- Ci.)..
(Successor to Flannaean & Gallagher).
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND.EMBALMERS.
20 Fifth Rt., opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South 80.
W 0. R. & N, nn,
DIPPATCH FAST STE.\MERS TO
POH,TT-AKTD
From Spear-street "Wharf at 11 A. M.
CADC $12 First Class !nc!u-ilng Berth
f»P.y. jfl Second Class Meals.
STATE OF CALIFORNIA sails
/ Sept. 20. 30
COLUMBIA sails Sept. 15. 23, Oct. 5
Short line to Walla Walla. Spokane. Butte,
Helena and all points In the Northwest.
Through tickets to all colnts East.
E. C. WARD, General Asent.
630 Market st.
GOODALL, PERKINS * CO..
Superintendents.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS "WILL LEAVE WHARF, COR-
ner First and Brannan street, at 1 p. no.,
for YOKOHAMA and HONfiKOXd, calling at
Kobe (Hlojro). Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for In-
dia etc. No cargo received on board on day
or sailing-.
SS. NIPPON MARTJ
Saturday. September 22. 1300
SS AMERICA MARU. .Wednesday, Oct. 17, 1900
SS'. HONGKONCl MARIT....Tues., Nov. 13. 1900
Via Honolulu.
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at romrany's office.
421 Market street, corner of First.
W. H. AVERY. General Ajrent.
AMERICAN LINE.
JTEVTO'HX B0CT7*lTr7ro5 I.OHD'W. PAR1_
Stopplnsr at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York Every Wednesday, 10 a. in.
St. Paul Sept. '^St. Paul Oct. 17
St. Louts Oct. S St Lnuls , Oct. 54
New York Oct. 10! New York Oct. 31
RED STAR LINE.
New York and Antwern. '
From New York Every Wednesday. 12 noon.
Noordland Sept. 2S Wester-land ....Oct. 17
Frlesland Oct. 3 Kensington Oct. 24
Southwark Oct. 10 Noordland Oct. 31
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
30 Montsomery Street.
C0KPA3>UE • GENPRiLS TRANSATLANTIQUE.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. **>**
PailinK every Thurst'.ny. in«t»ad of .«?"?' 7t*^5V»
Saturday, from I. 1S99. at -*»*•*« «*
10 a m., from Pier 42. North River, foot of
Morton street. LA LORRAINE. Sept. 20; LA
CHAMPAGNE. Sept. 27: LA TOURAINE. Oct.
4- L/AQUITAINE. Oct. 11. First class to
Havre, JS2 50 and upward. Second class to
Havre. S.*.5 and upward: 5 per cent reduction
on round trip. GENERAL. AGENCY FOR
UNITED STATES and CANADA. 33 Broadway
(Hudson building. New York. J. F. FUGAZI
& CO.. Pacific Coast Agents. S Montgomery
avenue. San "rancisco. -
OCEANIC S.S. CO.-HONOLULU,APIA
AUCKI.A>'I> A>'D SYDNEY.
S S. AUSTRALIA (Honolulu only)
Wednesday. Sept. 19, 2 p. m.
S. S. MOANA (via 1 Honolulu) to New Zea-
land and Australia Wed.. Oct. 3,8 p. e
J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO.. Arts.. 643 Market St
Pier 7. Foot Pacific St. Freight Office. 327 Market St
~BAY AND RIVER STEAMERS.
FOR U. S. RAYY YARD AND YALLEJG.
Steamer "Monticello.**
MON., Tues.. Wed., Thurs. and Sat. at 9:4S
a. m.. 3:15, 8:30 p. m. (ex. Thurs. night); Fri-
days. 1 p. m. and 8:30: Sundays. 10:30 a. m.. S
p. m. Landing and office. Mission-street Dock.
Pier No. 2. Telephone Main 1508.
FARE EOc.
theTweekly call
SI per Year.
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausallto Ferry.
Commencing April 22 1300.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VA1__ET
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:00. »3:30, 9:30. 11:00 a. m.;
12:«, »1:43, 3:15. 4:15. *5:15. 6:15, 6:40 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and Saa
Rafael, on Mondays. Wednesdays, Saturdays
and Sundays, at 9:00 and 11:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 7:00, »8:00. *9:00, •10:00. 11:00, 11:30
a. nn; 12:45. *l:20. 2:30, # 3:45. 5:C0. «:00, T:20
p. m.
11:00 a. rn. does not run to -an Rafaal Sun-
days.
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentin.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 5:35. »«:30, 7:50, 8:iO. 'lOilo a.
m.: 12:30. 1:15. J:15. •S.-SO. 4:30. 5:30 p. m. *
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at *6:45 and 10:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 6:13, •8:00. *i:h0. *U:00 a. m.; »13:00
m.: 1:00, 2:15 4:30. »5:45. 6M5, 7:30. 10:20
P. m.
Trains marked (•) start from San Quentin.
FROM MILL VALLET TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 5:63, 8:45, 8:00. 8:55. 10:30 a.
m.: 12:35. 1:45. 2:45, 3:30. 4:50, 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:20 p. m.
RUNI>J_TS— «:35. 8:03. 10:05. 11:10 a. m.: 1_:15,
1:20 2:30. 3:45, 4:55. 6-13. 7:05. 10:30 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:C0 a. m. week days— Cazadero and way sta-
tions.
3:15 p. m. Saturdays— Cazadero and way. sta-
tions.
8:00 a. m. .Sundays— Cazadero and way sta-
tions.
12:4"> p. m. Sundays— Point Reres and way sta-
tions.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY.
Leave San Francisco via Sausallto Ferry:
WEEK DAYS 9:30 a, m., 1:45 and 5:15 p. m.
SUNDAYS.. -.8. 9, 10. 11 a..m., 1:30 and 2;30 p. m.
Fare San Francisco to Summit and return, $1 40.
NEW TAVERN OF TAMALPAIS NOW OPEN.
TICKET OFFICES .621 MARKET ST..
SAUSALITO FERRX-
J MCSICAL. INSTIXUMEXTS. !
IlYP.ON' iiAUZY BARGAIN LIStT"' ~ !
StfvSart, ptjuare $25
French upright C5
Ha'.l^tt _: Pavls 100 |
Stfiijva}-. fairly rood 1~; I
Maiestic. nearly new 2-JO !
ChlckeriaCi largo sise zy) •
lUChXBOaA, larfro Fit«» • 230
'•••fK-r. rxlijrjct t;ran4 27S •
r.yron l!f.:ty. nrarly r.»w 37i I
r-ihrn«!r. t:!chtly u.?*<l 475 !
Call a.TA wo ih« l::tc?t barssln* in rlatios i
i :i UM I'Eoiii- Ocast. No troui-:<» to show ¦
f-oods.
AHALLETT & DAVIS, nwwond ca?e....$r.n CO !
Covsros t: t ; ort, rosecrood <-as<» IIOOJ
Arion, rogewoftl case 15 01'
lialir-t A- Pav'.s I I.IIIIIIIIII IIl3"i M !
\Vrt..T. nnen con-iitltn 175 00!
SfiaJSMT & Eons 175 in)
Kir.?<bury, oak l»^0 j
used a few nir-nths 2ii 00 I
K.--f>- paqTB-Bte, cbeet i;:ur:e and c-voirthing ¦
:n thf I_u^ic line Chlokcrlnp. Vcse. Ft^rline
ogrnry. l'.ENJ. CURTAZ &. SON. 1S-15-2)
st.
ANXOfXCrM_NT-W> have conso! Ul.it ei the i
F«n Francisco Music Company. 12", Gutter St.. I
with our O'Farrcll-tt. bnetness. ar.J now
fhow rr-.ort cor>ds In all lines than ar.y cth*r
house do tl,»> ceast. Six floora of rr.usic and
mui-iral poode: r-lancs in *nd!«j variety ar.d
pricr« ranprn: from J73 to t'r'JO. Imperial
Bnarb««Jo_ Mu«lc Koxcs, Ouitars. Violins.
M_a_oUns. ftrlnps. Tr.K.:n ! .vxs. S5;e»t Music,
Ptc; t-nrrraous rlnck; lnweft rrics: cash or
ir.£tar.ni»-nts. DEXJ. CfP.TAZ & EON. 1«.
is nr.J :c OTnrrel! et.: Chtckerinsr agencv.
A RELIABLE ];iano can b- bousrht only from
a rpiiaVie house. Th» ZEXO MAUV.MS ML'-
PIC CO. <s Fuch a bouie. Tr.cir- aSdrcss Is
7CS Market st.
DOX'T fail to see the beautiful Dicker & Son j
. baby jrrancs just roceived at UAUVAIS*. 76» j
j» Mcr»;<t Et. They are the bt-st ever hho*n In •
the clU". I
NO matter vhat yc-u want In the line of ma- j
?'.cal poods, you can always do best at UAL"- j
VA1S-. ?C9 Market st. j
ALL purchaser* of pianos at SHERMAN, j
OL.AY & CO.'S have the trlv*.:epe of ex- I
rh&r.ging fcr a BTEOCWAT ar.y ti:n» within j
three years and full purchase price allowed:
the best :-.%',- of every .:.:•¦ to sp'ect from:
beautiful r.ev.- uprights I« cash. ?fi per incnth ;
Feme pood rlanop :>r !". J4 ar.d 15 per m -.r.th.
BHERMAN. CLAY & CO.. BTEECWAT
DEALERS, corr.er Kearr.y ar.d Sutler sts..
Fan Francisco: corner Broadway and Thir-
teenth fts.. Oakland.
AT a diBcour.t. to nrtlWt«b oar new lrjcation. j
we will give !0 x*r cent off on p!ancs; torn* j
second-hand bargains; 3 Heine upriphts. t™~: |
2 Eteir.ways. tX»: 1 Chlckerin*. 1165: 1 Ma- i
ton & lisir'.in. I3S0. and 20 other bargains ;
apents for Haliett & Pa vis and 6 other maken. |
I1H1NE PIANO CO.. ZO Gtary ft., near Oty
cf Paris.
JLBSOZATrnLY the oi'irft anJ larif«>Ft hou»e
km of Cfcicaco is KOHLEP. & CHAfES. 26
t s and 30 O'Farre'.l et.; pianos, orpans and
all other musical Instruments of all (trades
end prices: terms easy; prices lowest: «very-
thitiK possible done iu please and satisfy the
<~uEtomer.
• BOME special barpain* this week in hiKh-srrads
r'.an^: Harfiman, Pteinway, Petrine Bros.,
Chare Bros.. «>:•-. DEV.XVG. Flood bulldinir.
A NTCE uprlRht plaio. ur»4 a Fhr-rt time; must
be clfi Immediately; cwner leaving- city.
Roots 21, ITood fcuildlnsr.
VIOLIN ftrlngs: never best in the world:
maklriB .-ind r»T>alriri«c of a'l kinds of musical
Instruments. Carl C. Anderson. 417 Geary st.
FOR sale— Eletant Tralr.ut. cabinet crand up-
r*.rht. chAar. nr wi'.I rrr;. 2<I K^arny st
FLAUGHTEK saie of ttpric_tt pianos for stor-
age; t£0 up. Wilson's Morasc, 171^ Markf-t ?=t.
ft-PEDAIi Btetnwar: perfect r.rd'r. ti75.
KECKrE'S. &3C Market yt.. 1^-t. Sth and Cth.
CFXTLKMAX leavins city tvi'.l sar-rifl'-e ele-
pant u;ripht prand jiano. ?d OoMcn Gate av.
I?E Jr. the «wlm: r<>r;t a new j-iano fr,r $3 p f r
raon-h. SCOTT-CVRTAZ CO.. K1 Hayes »t.
THE WILEY B. ALLEX CO.. 314 Post St..
M Harflman, Conover and nth^r pianos.
BARGAIN— Good riano cheap; Installment $8
P.T month. BCH-tlTZ. 16 M<-Al!!5tpr Bt.
¦". O BAIXS__3. <12 Sacramf-nti ft., asrent for
Frar<-i« Bacon m4 Halip't & Davis pianos.
RTPEIUOR violin?, zithers, old and new. H.
jfOXS— , »nak«r. rrpalrer. 2 Latham place.
J:Kr>i:CTI<~»x fulc: new r.ianoy; tZ payments;
onriccs am> stores to i.i;t.
EMMa FPP.tXKE!.? buIUlnr, PC7 Market —
Offtoea. Upht and sunny. $15 to' $20 per month;
licht heat, janitor and u?e of tel. included.
FMALL store; I rooms; good for ta'lor. shoe-
maker, harl/^r: cheap. €Z\ California St.
TO rent— Modem ttore: well liRhted; 2Jxi<0;
rent Tv-asi-nal Je. 2£S Hayes ft.
¦ J'ALMIMIU.
KUE, NTnr.G^AUD has r^Tnoved to 700 Post;
hours 1 to Z ?•»*>.. and Sunday by appointment.
PERSOAAL,.
I. ;:;>r:itEn. the i^pular hairdresser: up-to-
cate latest fads in hair styles ile only.
PRIVATE detective work; rcaponahle rates; 10
years' t_r*ric:jee. J. B. RAY, 'JZ1 Jessie st.
Lr-DEP-ER'S Quintonica Hair Tonic 25c bcx:
Foanio i5harr.jx)o Be package.
LEDEUER sells EJ Perfecto Veda Roajre, DOc:
It benut'fles the face; flret quality hair rolls
Et a bargain. 123 Stockton et-
TilE HUDSON RIVEK CO.. ~
BOPKE EROS.
Mattresses and pillows made to order, recov-
«-r»?d and renovated ; honest work guaranteed;
prices defy competition; fine upholstery : phone
fcSOS; factory. SIS and 320 Eleventh Et. ; first-
claes cleaning and dyeing. lZi O'Farrell, near
Powell. Ban Francisco.
DR. D. MA.CLEAX moved his oTflce to Donohoo
W building, rooms S7 and 88. phone Folsom 16C1;
residence, 19C2 Page, ihone Fell 7S55.
JTLJANISiL
Bcier.tiac H^alinjr.
B19 Golden Gate ave.
ELECTRIC lights In every rocm— "Winchester
Hctei. 44 Third rt.. near Market: 700 rooms:
toe to II 50 per n!«rht; fl M to 16 per week;
free 'bue and baptrace to and from the ferry.
6UITS to ord°r en mrtaJIments: $15 upward;
SI a week. LEON LEMOfl. 1117 Market St..
b»tw«"n Fever.th and Eighth.
PILES — SOC permanent cures In San Francisco,
who can be seen; no operation: no pain: par-
ticulars s'r.t. Art. Physician, box IS.'O, Call.
MRS. DE VOLL. halrdresstr. removed froni
<Z&* to C37 EU-i Ft. abeve L^avenworth.
SUITS to order on easy payment*. Art Tailor-
ing Co.. VAk Mkt . under St. Nicholas Hotel.
IJAIK quickly curled or Tiaved by utins: Tal-
eotf« curllrx fluid: 25e a bottle; <5ruK(?iFts.
Vv'AN'TED— Old-fa£hioncd silver, braes, copr^r
warp; curios, all descriptions. C2u Dupont st.
ALFREDUKS n«TPtian Ilpnra restoros Kray
hair to Its natural cclor: II. at a'l druggists.
CAST-OFF clothinp. old trold and Filver bought;
seni yr-fXtX. COLEMA.VS. 1% Kearny i-t.
rUVSICIASS A>U SLUCEOXS.
DR. C. C. O'DOXNELL— Office and rwlflenc*.
lTSIH Market ft., between Sixth and Seventh.
REAL, ESTATE CITY FOIl SALE.
A. j_. SPECK & CO., CCnjarkeTft. '""" '
Real Estate and investment Aper.ts
Full Charge Taken of Property.
flOO.COO — El!!s-*t. corner: £3x137 :€; iowntown-
«plen_i_ buiidir.?; ptya better than
bonds.
J!l,000— Two comcrp; It*ixl_O feet; close to Van
Ness ave. end McAllister st.
$40.000 — Corner: modern liuildir.gs; paye g r>er
? rent net; Jot tOrAZT :r..
mfS\M9— Corner; €0 fe»t front; vicinity Jone«
end 'Jtary rts.; choicest corner In tMs
tflt-'trkt.
$_?.CO0 — 75 feet front on PIxth Ft.; 4 stores and
8 fiats: rente (2400 per year.
flS.EV*— Ke:;ts IHi: new improvements; E;ll» »t.
$1O.P<"*-Eddy-Ft. flats; rcr.ts i:-5; 2 CrcKttaeci.
IS.f'H'— Rents $70; new Qatl near Van Ncfs ave.
$4. COO — I r.lce flats; rents $46; let SfxlLa feet.'
'4
CHOICE VNIMPROVKn BAP-GAINS.
$35.f<»— 2T:5slS7:« feet: water front; % front-
agts; Stockton st. and North Point;
-this Is an ideal manafacturin>f *1«-.
j3<» i 000 — li7:Cacl2S f>et; northwest corner Go__— I
ar.d Clay fir. : magnificent residence
tlte; fine marine view.
|:0.000— Southeast corr.er Markrt and Church
ste.- Clxl r ,S feet; J car lines; want offer;
I:, .f : Sell.
A. M. FPECK & CO.. 6C7 Market Et.
THE greatest bargain in Ulchraond; nothing
to fjual It: two of the choicest &nd best lo-
cated lots; 25x120 each; feijred In; all street
work done ard ready for t>c:ll:r.^; tax^s pa!<I
_p to n<"rt year; only $630 each; Eleventh
ave., near Clement et. ; read the real estate
advertisements and you will see these are
. th* cheapest lots In San Francisco. For por-
ucvlars call on
TT. J. GITNN,
KO California St., between Montgomery and
. Kearny.
KAI:;; chance — Hous«'a_id lot 25x75; near th«
new Fostofficei. Apply at 270 Clementina St.;
do Egpnts.
TUB choicest buildlnjr lots In Klchmond: on
lllh ave.. near element st.: only ICXt each:
I ee-y terms. XV. J. CU.VX. £30 California el.
-• n.',W(>— CORNEU lot. 100x120; new baildlnir.
grocery and har. sleek and fixtures; on end
cf car line: clearing S3O0 mo. Box S716. Call.
TOR tale — A 4-roomed cottajre, to be removed.
2U5 Harrison Et., bet 2lth and 21st.
CM CASH; lot 23xS0; at head of Twenty-sec-
ond st. and Ocean road. Call at 101H 6th at.
AUCTION SALES
EM IL COHJV, AUCTIONEER.
-Will sell TO-DAY 'MONDAT). Sept. 17. at
11 o'clock a. m.. at V}2i\~ Larkin St.. the ele-
gant oalc furniture, carpets, rugs, curtains,
bedding, etc.. also dining-room and kitchen
furniture of. 10 room?.
E-MlLuCOHN. Auctioneer.
fcs AUCTION SALE £;>
TUESDAY. Sept. 1?. at 11 o'clock, at 1621 MAK-
KET ST., of «•"> Head of Broken and Unbroken
Horses, suitable for a!l purposes. This stock
must and will be sold. S. W ATKINS.
Auctioneer.
5_^ fc>> fc->
AUCTION SALE by Electric Llehi TUESDAY
EVENING. September 13. 10W>. at 7:30.
10O Head Splendid Horses. Stock now on ex-
hibition. OCCIDENTAL HOUSE EXCHANGE.
721 Howard street. -
BAILBOAD TBAVEL.
SOI IIIDKV IMVlt'lC «'O.llI*.»>i V.
(rAcinc s**r«.M.>
Trains le«*«- nml ««•«¦ dur In nrrlta nt
MAM ntAMi'i*e«».
(Main Line, Foot ol Market Street)
UATl — FSOM SxrTEM-ZR 13. 1210. — 1I1UT1
•7:00i Benida. Suisuu. Elmira. Vac-Tille,
Rurose; ami .<Ucr_u>eut<> *7it3r
*T:Uli» Shasta Express — Datis. William* (for
Baztlett Springs), Willows, KeU
lilufl, forUaud. "TsJWr
•7:3ttA Maitinez. ¦SauK-mon.V&llejo. 5apa.
f»linti % i.u.i Splits Rosa *0:15p
¦S:OOa Ditvis, Woodland. KniifhU L»ndiag.
MurjsTilie. »>r<>»i'l«. . •Tsiar
•M:Ol>» Atlantic Kipresn— Oz>len and E»at 'I3:l5p
•«:«»\ >"ii3r, Tricy, Lathrcp, Stockton "J:I3a
•»i:»l.( Mali Juan. Lit. rtuur-, .Stocktnu,
lone. Haeramrutu. PlscerTlUe.
M»r»s»ill^. Chicu. Kml liliifl *-l>l»r
•ft:-#* Oakd-lr, Chineao. bouora. Carteia... *«:l-1r
••»:«<»» HiyvrinU. HUM »n«l Waj Sutlons. *l li 15*
*"J:O<»* Log Anceles Eipreu — Martinez.
Tracy, Latliroii. rttoekton. Mereed
Fresno «h<1 Loe Angw!ff» *7:t3p
•!>:3»A V»u-1... MaiUnsz »uil VV *j Hratlou* '."kilrir
*IU:VU* Tba OverUiil Limited— Ogdeu, Den.
»er, O*u«ha. Chicago '•:4-1r
•IIiOOa NUes, 8toektou, Hacramento, Men-
dot*. Freamv U-nfoid. Visalla,
Fortertills -itlSr.
•1!:OOa LiTenaoro. Banger. Gtwh-n June-
tiou, Bakerstield. Los Angeles
•I 2:«>»M Uajwirils, Mies and Waj itatloas. *3>4.f p
tl:»l»p 11-liraina-lll Hirer Hte»m«n t3:0»A
*-:OUp II fj vrarJ.5. Nilt-a and Way at_tluaa. *3: •¦¦» p
•l:U»r Uiriinrz. Kaa Uatuoii. Vallajo,
Kapa, «:*litu.K». Santa Rosa ¦•il9*
*4i««r Beuicla. Wiaters, Macramento,
XVoixliand. Kuivhta Lauding.
M«ry**illr. <h» 1 »llt«». »l«)l4»»
M:»»r Nile* Man.loneaiul Stockton *7tl»p
•.>:O0pT_e Owl Uruited— Tracy. Fresno.
CUkerstlel i. .Sanguii fur dauta liar-
bara, Los AuzelvS *1O:I3*
•5:O«p Stockton *W<4Sa
*3:OVf Sew Orleanr Expresa— lukerarieltl.
Hania Barliaia. 1 .tm Ang-sles. Dem-
ing. £1 Pmo, New Orleans sud
Kast »7:ll4
•6:OOp Haywarda. Nile«auil bait Jose *7sl»*
f«iO»r Vallej.. M3:tar
'ti:O»i- Orient-l Mail— Ogrten. Chejeona.
Omaha, Chicago ?lSz^Sf
•0:O«p Oritsctal Mail-Ogden, Denver.
Oinaiia. Chieaeo. # 4il5p
•7:OO* NUes, Tracy, Lathrop. Stockton.... *l3ttSp
•7:OUr Oregon ana C»Ii(orula -xprnaa.Hao-
fl-— aai MarjriTille. lte.Mln«.
I'lirtiainl, Vnv,rx Hoiimi anil ]C«*t *9l43A
JSiO5p Vallfjo, l'ort Cuita and Way Sta-
tions •.. ;lt:»»i>
COA.HTI IMVIslO* UhrfSW «a»ne).
( Knot of Market Stre«t.>
J7:ISa Santa Cruz Excursion for Hant*
Cr-s ami Principal Way SUtior.s t9>03p
*9iI3a Nenarlc.Oiiliuriine.Mau.loae.Krltun.
BnulJerCrcek.S-utaOriixauU Way
8U«<m« •w>a«»p
tail Op Newark, Ceuterville. 8an .Inse. New
Almaileo, Felloe, !!• u'l-i Creek,
ftanta rim *ud 1'rlucli'al Way
» Srntiom •ia> > n«»
• 1 1 1 :* r Newark. Man Jose. Lo« Gatos i »!••»•» *
aJiiapGIenwoott Felton. Manta Cpia tS:5»»
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
from Si S fRiilClSCO— Fwl «r iltr.tt S_-Mt (Sim ») —
•7:15 9:00 11:OO*.H. 11:33 •2:33 J3:33
•1:5" tS:C3 *S:33r.«.
fromOUUIID— Fi.lt! iittiwnj.— 'HM 8.00 10:00a.m.
tl2:03 'MS t3:53 ; 3:S3 M:S3 •Z.ZZf.a.
COAST DIIIMKKI iBroa.! »¦»<•).
(Thlra .nd TownseiMl SH.)
16:10a Ocean Viow. rfouiti .-*»n Kraueixctt.. ((>::;i»k
f7:0»A Ban Join ami Way V.uti-.n« (New
AI.»a«|.-.» We.>ii<wdaj»o.il7) ?l:_Op
t7:_Oa S;in>l:ty Kzcorsion f r Han Jose.
S-nt- Cruz. Pacific Grove and
fTineipal Way HUtious {9:33 p
•IIiwva Han Jorv. Tttm I'Iikmi, Nanta Cruz.
Tacilic <iro<». 1'ami Itnlilet. Nun
l.uia m.iaim, tttnt Lompoc ai»l
Vrl»ci|>-i W.i sutimi **.im r
•l»:io« 8an Jose nn,! Way ntationa "•»__>»
•II::IOa >*n.li-.Lo3(Jato3i.iil \VaySU*.|on» *3i3»P
tililBr San V» ... Keilwooii. Mcnlo Pwk.
I'alc . % u>. hant- Clara. .San .line.
Trea Finos. Santa »,r.tx. Salioaa.
Uoiikiiiii u»l l'aeiltc rirovs 11O : a« k
t3:n»p Man Joia and Way Stations *~i3t>p
M:1.1p San Jnsean.l Principal Way Station! •l):l.i.«
fSiOOp 3an Jons. Los Gates ftud Principal
Way Stations t»:«a,
•5:J»r SanJosa ami Principal War Statioua t^::«"»»
•«::i»p San Jose ami WayMtatlons «»:<><»»
Hl:45f San Jpgeaml Way 8Uti»na **:Sl>r
A for Morn iii i P for A f tenioon.
'Daily. t Sunday axeepUd. J .Suuday only.
6 Saturday only.
• Sat aria r and Sunday. ; . e Monday o_Ir>
CALIFORNIA NORTflWESTEEN RY. CO.
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tiburon F«srry. Foot of .Market St.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAX R-OTA-U-.
¦WEEK DATS— 7:M. l:C0, 11:00 a. m.; ll:S5.
3:30. 6:10, <:30 p. m. Thnrsdaya— Extra trip
at 11:30 t>. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at*l:6d
anil 11:30 d. m.
6UN DATS— 8:0O. 9:S0. IlsOO a. n_ ; 1:10. S:»0,
6:00. (:Z0 p. m.
6A.V RAFAEt. TO SAM FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS-MO. 7:50. »:*>. 11:10 a. m.: 11HS.
1:40. 5:13 p. m. Saturday*— Extra, trips at
1:56 and t:35 D. m.
- BXTXDATS— 8:10, t:«0. 11:19 a. m.; »:*>. l:*0.
6:05. (:25 p. ra.
Between San Francisco and Bc-tittiea Park
, same acheJula as aboTa.
' Leav* I In Effect. I ArrVr»
J San Francisco. [Apr. 13. 1909.1 San rrandscow
' Week I Bun- J 1 Bun- I Weak
! Days, f days. I Destination.! days. | Daya.
7:30 am 8:00 »m No-rato. 19:40 am »:«O ant
8:30 pm » :30 am Petaluma. 6:86 pm 19:35 am
1:13 pm »:00pm Santa Roaa. 7:38 pm 1:20 pta
Fulton. I
T:SO am Windsor. It:3S is
He— ldsburr.
Lytton.
Geyservina.
t:SO pm 8:00 am Cloverdala. T:C pm 1:3) pm
T:80 am! I HopUnd I !lO:2S*m
S:M pm| 8:00 tm| and LTU-h. I 7ra pm| «:«> pm
7:30 am 10:23 am
8:00 am Ouarneville. 7:35 pm
t:30pm t l:»pn>
T:30_ra 8:00 am Bonoma S:1S am S:40as»
and
8:13 ptn S:CO pm Olen Ellen. i:<a pm t:» p«
7:30 ami 8:00 ami 110:40 amJIOiJS to
»:S0 pm 5:00 pm| Seb_«tcpol. I 7:43 pm| S:!0 pm
itaxes connect at Santa Rosa for Mark "West
Springs and Whit* Sulphur Springs; at Fulton
! for Altruria: at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at
Geyserrlll* for Skacrs Sprinxs: at Cloverdal*
for th« r?*jrsers: at Hodand for Duncan
Springs. Highland Springs, Kelseyvllle, Carls-
bad Springs, Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Ckiah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga
Pprlnrs. Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. V/ltter
£prln*». t-'Dper 4.ak», Pomo, Potter Valley.
1 John Day's, Riverside, LleTley"s. Buekne'.Vs.
Sanhedrin Heights, nullvlll". Orr's Hot
Fprinrs. Mendocino City, Fort Bragsr, West-
port Usal. Wllllts, Laytonville. Cummins.
BelVs Springs. Harris. Olsen's. Dyer. Scot:*
and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday rouo- trio tickets at
reduced rates.
On Sunday round trtp tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket offices. «S0 Market St.. Chronicle bids.
H. C. WHITING. R. X. RTAN.
; General Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
I Santa Fe
Trains— Daily
Leave Market-street Ferry Depot.
' Lve. San Francisco. 9:C0 a m 4:10 p ml S:00 p m
> Arr. Stocktca 12:30 p m 7:15 p m 11:05 p m
1 " Merced 2:42 pm——— 1:13 am
" Fresno 4:20 p m J:03 a m
" Viralla 8:00 p m 4:50 a m
" Tulare S:23 p m 5:1>> a m
M Hanford 5:33 pm 7:06 a m
•• Bakersfleld ... 8:50 p m 7:30 a m
" Denver 10:00 am
1 — Kansas City... 5:15 p in
** Chicago T:40 a m
9 a. m. train Is the Overland Express. Corre-
sponding train arrives at ( p. m. dally.
4:10 p. m. rs Stockton Local. Corresponding
train arrives 11:05 a. m. daily.
8:00 p. m. is Fresno and Bakersfleld Express,
with Sleeping Cars for both cities. Correspond-
• Ing train arrives at 8 a. m. dally.
OFFICES— «41 Market st. and In Ferry D«pot.
Fan Francisco: 1113 Broadway. Oakland.
jT Dr.JGibbon'S Dispensary,
In **S »SL In IS** lor the treatment ol Private
?iJj[_;\ !¦%>* Diweufiea. Uwt Manhood Debility or
- fe__S&KS» rfiseas* rearing °" bndyaod mine ami
wJw^ri<i»£J Pi»f»asea. The doctorenreswheu
_SS __ara olber * ta11 - Try aim Charge? low
IT*K_lS»_&__3 1'ure<j;o»r»nlre.1. CaJlorwrlta.
Or. J, _ - . «nlBBU3i> livx. i937»Saa Franc-K*
RRAL ESTATE — CITY — FOR SALES.
MODERN houses built :lowest prices -.plans and ;
estimates furnished. Campbell, 1147 Mission.
MISSION cottage; 6 rooms and bath; largo lot;
tern-.s to suit buyer. Owner 413 Koarny bL
ULIAL ESTATE — COCNTRY — For Snle
1 f.rcs— RANCH. SO acres, for sale; 6-room house
1 en place; fenced in: plenty water: few fruit
I end shade treer; G5 acres grood to farm, the
r'st jrcod pasture; I',4 miles from Byron
! Springs; 3 miles from Byron: must be fold
i on nrrour.t of mortgage. Write to P. O. box
.24. Byron. Cal.
j &.CCCRATB personal knowledge — pneh of tft>
j :»,0 ranches on my SALE and EXCHANGE
list. More than all other ajjents In this city.
! N. D. SICK ELS. the land agent. 6 Geary St.
CITY jroperty and farms exchanged or sold;
; Mstf free. MAIIION GRIFFIN. 719 Market
I ::t.. ronin 1. .
lttzAL estate: to exchasge;
i FOR eTchanse — A highly Improved ranch in
Lake Counfy. ccnslbtlna: of 240 acres of rich
I valley land, all improved and perfectly level;
all fenred an<1 crossfencod; 2-story residence
1 of 11 rooms, barn and numerous outbuildings;
fa-nily orchard in bearing: well, windmill and
tank: cash valuation. $i'XK); will exchange for
residence in Oakland <jr Alameda of equal
value. C. F. MOORE; WS Market st., r. C.
COOD business property in country town. J'/W;
t-xchanpe for flats in San Francisco and pay
difference. A j.artly improved rnneh. $2600; cx-
chani:<> for a siccl: of merchandise. Good
ranches to exchange for residence. SCHWE1N-
HATtP & CO,. M7 Markrt St.. bet. Tth ft 6th.
; almdTuWrtTsementI
j ; .
ALAMI5DA R.BAJL ESTATE.
1 BARGAINS in Unproved and unimproved Ala-
j meda real estate in all parts of Alameda on
(¦set terms. Alameda Land Company, 1500
1 Pmk ?t.. Alamda; 20 Post s;.. Pan Francisco.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
FOR SALE AT A GREAT SACRIFICE.
A pretty residence on a. larse corner lot lOOx
113 feet, street Improved on both sides; situ-
! jited in the Hittecass Tract, or.e of the !
f choicest locations In Berkeley ; house strictly
! _p tn date. Call at once. a« property must
L be sold. O. O. MAY & CO..
21C3 Center St., Berkeley, Cal.
»;r,00_PRETTY cottase; & rooms and bath;
terms easy.
«;6nO — Good 7-room house and bath, facing
touth; near cars; $26C0.
J33OO— S-room house and bath; new and mod-
ern; terms easy.
$5000-»Modern house of 8 rooms, etc.; large
I lot; close to university.
O. G. MAT & CO..
2123 Center St..
Berkeley. Cal.
! j:rf,O— NEW 6-room hoase, with all modern Im-
provements; corner lot fronting Telegraph
' ave.: on'y 10 minutes" of university grounds.
Apply tolIABOK & McLENATHEN. adjoin-
ing P. O.. Kerkeley station.
! BERKELEY BUYERS^
We have for tale fine large lots near the unl-
! \ersity for S20 per front foot: pet one while they
! last: also a good building: lot. $300. BURR &
; KOLMFS. 46a Tenth St., XDakland.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
I
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND HOUSES TO LET.
GOOD houses. Get list from GEO. W. AUS-
; TIN & CO.. lOOR Proadway. Oakland. ¦
: O1KL.WD FII'.MTURE FOB SALE. ;
, I AN introduction to you from EL Schellhaas. the
I furniture doaler. 11th and Franklin, Oakland.
ROOMS KOtt. HOUSEKEEPING.
I CHESTMJtT^^" cor. Dupont-FlnT~furniEned
j rooms for housekeeping:; cheap.
j CLAY. 24T1. near Fillmore — 2 large unfurnished
I rooms; tipper flat; yard; water; rear; rent $7.
I CLEMENTINA, "27— Largo room and kitchen,
I Rirnished for housekeeping, for man and wife.
• FIFTH. 253 — 3 furnished housekeeping rooms, 1
I fl4; 2 furn. hkrg:.. J10; Finale bed rms., $4, *3. ]
j GOLDEN GATE. 612—3 sunny rooms furnished i
I for housekeeping; gas stove, running water.
GROVE, 6S2 — S sunny rooms for houaelieep-
twr. ra. :
HARRISON, 731— Two rooms furnished fcr
housekeeping; large yard; rent $12.
HYDE. 40S — Sunny front parlor suite, 3. rooms
complete for housekeeping.
LADY has 2 gunny rooms suitable for light
I housekeeping that she would like to share
j with another lady: rent $4 each; references
i exchanged. 671 Fulton Ft.
¦ i MINNA, :s— Sunny furnished single and house-
I keeping rooms, 75c and fl per week.
' OAK. US — Funny room; large closet: furnished
for housekeeping:: J6. Call after 4 o'clock.
' OCTAVIA, 14',3, cor. Gear}-— Sunny bay window;
gas burners; cocking; large closets; running
water.
i ! OTAKKELL. 123A— Nicely furnished ; sunny
! rooms, with privilege of light housekeeping.
• J PIERCE, 349, near Oak-3 or 4 furnished
i rooms; reasonable; sunny; stove and gas.
» j POLK. 522 — Vnfurnisheil housekeeping rooms;
; also single rooms; rent cheap.
• 1 POLK, 717— Two furnished housekeeping rooms,
complete, with bath $10.
' POPT. r.27 — Parlor floor or upper floor, unfur-
nished; front roo/n. furnished; very reason-
able.
• TWENTY-THIRD. 3T25. near Dolores-Two
: Eunny bay-window rms.: nice. neat, complete.
' VALENCIA, S.24H.— 3 rurnisheri raomi, complete
1 for housekeeping; fink; porch; ga?.
1 CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 2200 Flllmore st.
' A BBAKCH office for Call advertisements and
[ FUbfcriptions has been established at 1006 V'rf-
kmia st.
t ROOMS TO LET Kami and Infant.
• A^Bm5NSVvToTTlouseTT4S Sm"li^Rooms"l5c
to $1 per night; {1 25 to $5 r*r week, and light
housekeeping; er>en all night.
¦ A QUIET and respectable home for light house-
keeping; suites $16 up; bath; telephor*-. St.
[ James, % McAllister and Lacuna ets.
BCHNETT. 142S Market (old No. 13G4)— Fur-
nifhed rms.. suites, single: aleo unfurnished.
BUSH. E20 (The Elk)— Changed hand9, newly
renovated, nicely furn. sunny rms., $1 50 to $7
; week; 25c to $1 SO night. MR3. P. RANFT.
• CAI'P, 20 — 3 larpe. sur.ny. unfurnished rooms to
a quiet family, without children.
CAT!'. 107. near Sixteenth— Sunny furnished
¦ I front b«clroom. X ¦ •
; CLIFFORD. S«4 Kill*, cor. JIason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
- ELLIS. CCS, corner Larkln— Sunny front room;
double folding bed; Wf-lsbach lights.
, FUP.NIBUKD rooms to let at Park House. 2723
: _tla— tofl Et.
GEARY, K6— Elegant sunny front parlor, piano,
, light hskpg.; sulti-g; other pleas, rms.; phone.,
. ! GOLDEN GATK ave.. 727— Finely furnished
! Croat room; ca*; bath; gentleman; private;
! rearnn—ble.
1 j GOLDEN GATE AVE.. Eft— Sunny furnished
! rooms, |6 to $10. ' -
j GRAND SOTTTHKRX, routheast corner Seventh
¦ and Mletion rts. — Sunny rooms, en suite or
1 Fingle; ladies' parlcr; reading-room; elevator.
HOWAIID, *,2&— Rooms from $1 week up to $5;
2io to {1 n1«fht; also housekeeping rooms.
HOWARD. 83»-SlnRle room In a private family.
HOWARD. 9S3. cor. 6th— Orlando House— New
i management : furnished rms.; suites or single.
HUNT, 8, off Third— Furnished room to let,
with or without board.
ifTDE. 407B — Furnished room; private family.
LARKIN, 13S, near City Hall— Neatly furnished
room; suitable for 2; reasonable.
LAS PALMAS. 1S20 Market St.— Suite of 2 or 3
rms.; private; bath; Bin. rms.; board optional.
MA^ON, 1301— Nicely furnished rooms to let;
eingle and en suite.
MINNA, 605. n»"ar Seventh— Large sunny fur-
niehed front room to let, tS a month.
MINNA, CC7, corner Eighth— Newly furniehed
bay-window room, $1 per week; transient.
MISSION'. €54. near Third— Sunny rooms for
gentlemen, $6 per month; private house.
JflNETEENTH. SIIS, r,r. Valencia-Nice sunny
rocm; sus and bath: rent $7.
O'FARRELL, 20 — Runny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; electric lights; day, wk., mo.
O'KARRELL, 1E01— Two nicely furnished rooms;
sun all day: ¥10 and K.
PINE, 1237— Large sunny rooms, newly fur-
nished complete, Jn itrictly private family.
ROSEDALE House, 319 end S21 Ellis st.— Rooms,
night 2Sc to fl, week $1 23 to {4; open night.
ICTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend funeral services
to-morrow (Tuesday), at 10:30 o'clock, at the
family residence, School street, between Per-
alta and Boston avenues, Upper Frultvale. In-
terment Mountain View Cemetery. '-
MAHONET— In this city. September - 16.
1900. Catherine, wife of Edward I. Mahoney.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence
of her parents, 602 Second street, corner
of Brannan. thence to the First English
Evangelical Lutheran Church, Geary street,
between Goueh and Octavia, where 'services
will be held, commencing- at 2:30 o'clock. In-
terment Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
HICKOX— In Oakland, September 15, 1900. John
Henry, beloved husband of Carrie F. Hickox.
a native of Ohio, aged .80 years 6 months and
27 days.
KILPECK— In Famoso. Cal., September 15,
1000. Rose Ann Kilpeck. mother of Bart Kil-
peck and Mrs. J. F. Campbell, grandmother
of Mrs. A. A. Janes, Mrs. A. J. Webster and
Ada. Campbell, and great-grandmother of
Harold .Janes, a native of Ireland, aged 76
years 3 months and 7 days.
!T_*"Remains at Gray's undertaking parlors,
641 Sacramento street. Funeral services at
Holy Cross Church, Eddy street, this day
(Monday, at 3 o'clock. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery.
LORETZ— In Frultvale. September 15, 1900,
Louis Henry, beloved eon of Louis and Emma
Loretz. and brother of Frank, Walter. - Frie-
da, Marie and Henry Loretas, a native of
Frultvale, aged 4 years 8 months and 18 days.
C^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at S:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 905 Buchanan street, thence to Sacred
Hfart Church, where a solemn requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencinc at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery, by special electric oar from
corner Eighteenth and Guerrero streets.
HAAS — In this city. September 16. 1900, Mar-
garet, dearly beloved and only child of John
and Jennie Haas, a native of San FranciECO,
aged 15 years 2 months and 8 days. (Butte,
Iowa, papers please copy.)
EJTuneral from Trinity Church, corner of
Bueh and Gough streets, to-morrow (Tues-
day), at 11 o'clock.
GRIFFIN— In this city. September IS, 1900, Jo-
hanna, beloved mother of Mary A., Margie.
Nellie and Samuel Griffin and the late The-
rtfla Timlin, a native of Glanmlre, Ireland,
a ted E9 years.
HAYES— In this city, September 15, 1900. Cath-
erinu Hajes, beloved wife of John Hayes,
and mother of Timothy. Thomas F. and the
late John Hayes Jr., Mrs. L. C. Rich, Mrs.
V. Tojetti, Mrs. F. Errico and Mrs. Bernard
Rucben, a native of County Cork, Ireland,
ased 73 years and 6 mouths. (Spokane and
New York papers please copy.)
CT'Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday) at 9:45 o'clock, from the parlors of
A. W. Martin & Co., undertakers. IIS Geary
street. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery by
carriage.
GILLESPIB-In this city. September 16. 1500.
Sarah Beutner. relict of the late C. V. Gil-
lespie. aged 84 years.
ADAMS— In this city, September 16, iOOO.
Bertham Adams, a native of Carson City.
New. aged 21 years and 28 days.
FEELY— In this city, September 14, 1900, John
II. Feely. beloved husband of Bridget Feely,
and father of John F. and James V. Feely,
Mrs. J. P. Coughlln of Grass Valley. Mrs. W.
A. Cross of Vallejo and Rose. Frank, Lucy
and Annie Feely. a. native of Scotland, aged
76 years.
DIED.
Adams. Bertham Mahoney, Edward I.
Feely. John M. O'Grady, Joseph
Gillespie. Sarah B. Relnstein,- Oscar
Griffin, Johanna fcaxsehmeler, Joseph
Hayes, Catherine Sehween, August A.
Haas, Margaret Walker, Mary
Hickox. John H. Warnock, Margaret
Kilpeck, Rose Ann Walthour, John K.
Loretz, Louis H.
MARRIED.
CORDES— XEILSOX— In this city, September
IS, 1900, at the home of Dr. C. J. E. Haterius,
132S Mission street, Joachim Cordes and Mar-
Eraret Nellson.
OESTERMANN— In this city, September 3, 1500,
to the wife L. Oestermann. a daughter.
SIEGGL — In Los Angeles, Cal., September 15,
1900, to the wife of Myer Siegel. a son.
WEICHHART— In Alameda, September 18,
1300, to the wife of Henry A. Welchhart. a
daughter. «
BORN.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
PROPOSALS Invited— Bids for providing and
installing a pewage pumping plant for the
Folsom rrison, practically conforming to spec-
ifications now on file with the State Board of
Prison Directors and State Board of Exam-
iners will be received by said respective
boards at the office "of the Board of Exam-
iners In the State Capitol. Sacramento. Cal..
until 2 o'clock p. m. of October 6. 1900. at
which time they will b« publicly opened. The
ritrht to reject any or all bids is reserved.
Copies of specifications may be obtained from
the clerk of the board at Folsom prison.
Each bid must be accompanied by a certi-
fied check for J2000 drawn on some bank of
eood Etandinc to the order of R. M. Fitzger-
ald, president State Board of Prison Direc-
tors, which check shall be forfeited to the
Ftate if the bid which accompanies such
check is accepted and the party making the
fcid refuses to enter into a contract and exe-
cute a sood and sufficient bond, payable to
the State of California. In an amount to be
fixed by the State Board of Prison Directors,
fcr the "faithful performance of the contract
awarded. By order of the State Board of
Prison Directors.
T5RAINARD F. SMITH. CWk of th» Board.
I'UOPOSALS.
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary
DIVIDEND NOTICE— Dividend No. S3 (twenty-
¦ five cents per share) of the Hutehinson Sugar
Plantation Company, will be payable at the
office of the company, S27 Market St., on and
after Thursday. September 20. 1900. Transfer
books will cloee on Thursday. September 13.
1900. at 3 o'clock p. m.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
TO LEASE.
TO let — Fine rooms suitable for light manufac-
turing purposes. Apply st 511 Sar.some st.
KKW tyuewritors. $S down. >5 month payments.
REVALK. 4' 1 3 California st.
STORAGE AXD WAREHOUSES^
WILSON BROS., storage and moving; covered
vnns. Tt-nth and Market; phene South 782.
PACIFIC Stoiage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2330 Flllmore Ft. : phono Jackson 2S1.
TYPEWIIITERS AND SUPPLIES.
GRE^T^ARG~AiN r S~fN^"TYFEWmTE"RS^ ; e
sell better machines for lesa money than any
hou?e In the city; rentals, $3. The Typewriter
KxohanKe. 5"6 California, telephone Mftin 266.
ALWAYS bargains in typewriters; any make.
Write for prices to L. & M. ALEXAN-
DER, 110 Montgomery st.
The company reserves the rljrht to change
steamers, sailing: dates and hours of sailing
without previous notice. .
TICKFT O^KICE — 4 Ne'w Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKTNS * CO.. Gen. Agents.
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
For Ensenada, Mafrdalena Bay. San JOM d a l
Cabo, Mazatlan. Altata, La Paz. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mexico)— 10 a. m.. 7th of each
month.
For further Information obtain company's
folders.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
fcrd (San Lui3 Obifoo). Santa Barbara. Port
Los Aneeles and RerJondo <Lo«» Ansreles) — 11
p.. m.. September 14. IS. 22. 28. 30, Oct. 4. and
every fourth day thereafter.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey. San Simeon. Cayu-
rps. Port Harford (San Luis Oblspo). GavJota.
Santa Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme. San Pedro.
East San Pedro (Lr.s Anjreles) and Newport — 9
a. m.. September IS, 16. 20. 34. 2S, Oct. 2. ai*1
every fourth day thereafter.
For Eureka. Humboldt Bay— 2 p. m.. Sep-
tember 15. 20. "5. 30. Oct. 5, and every fifth
day thereafter.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
Steamers leave Broadway
gs^ wharf, San Francisco:
lSJSf^^ For Alaskan Ports — 11 a.
VSp^PifeW m " September 13. 18. n, 2S.
iK- h5v^53_< Oct " 3 " hlnsre tn company's
rv^EsQvVa steamers at Seattl".
tJp^St Ji'*i For Victoria. Vancouver
E_»]_*W^5lMl (Ft- C.t. Port Town?end, Se-
I "»*>B*3£*?U attle. Tacoma. Everett. Ana-
cortes and New Whatcom
(Wash.). 11 a. m.. September
13. 1?. 23. 2S. Oct. 3. and every fifth day
thereafter. Change at Seattle to this com-
pany's steamers for Alaska and G. N. R'y: at
Seattle or Tacoma to N. P. R'y; at Vancouver
to C. P. R'y.
BOtTOHT, sold, rented, repaired, needles and
shuttle?; reduced rates. 145 6th; phone Mint 43.
ALL kinds boturht, sold and repairing guaran-
teed. Charle3 Plambeck. 1915 Mission, nr. 15th.
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged; re-
pairing lowest rates; open even. 205 4th st.
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO.,
41. f > Montgomery St.. rooms 9-10: lei. 558<>.
ROOMS papered from $2 50: whitened. $1 up;
painting done. Hartman Paint Co., 313 Third.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
O'FARRELL. €05 (Johneon House)— Large ele-
gant sunny rooms, with board, suitable for
throe or four In family, including private bath
and dressing room; must be seen to be ap-
preciated; reasonable; references.
BOARD and rooms at 415 First St.. near Har-
rf*on.
ROOMS AM) BOARD.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements ami
Fubscriptlcns has been established at 1036
Valencia st.
TAYLOR. «11 — Large sunny front room, $15;
another, $12; handsome suite, $50; all newly
fuir.i^h^d; private.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
SMALL furnished front room. 763 Mission st.
SIXTH, 136— Furnished sunny rocms; single or
euite3; also rooms for light housekeeping.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 23 Eighth St..
near Market— Furnished or unfurnished.
ROOMS TO l.KT — Fnru. nml Uufnrn.
ROYAL HOUS-Ciai Ellis et.— Incandescent
light: reading room, smoking room and ladies'
parlor; rooms, per night. Zjc to $1 50; week, $2
to $S; month, IS to J20; elevator on office
floor: rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
(TS^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 11 o'clock, frogi the parents'
residence. 33 Guy place, off First street, be-
tween Folsom and Harrison. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
IE7Frlends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the solemn requiem mass, which will be
celebrated for the repose of her soul, to-
morrow (Tuesday), at St. Rose's Church,
commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment private,
In Holy Cross Cemetery. Please omit flowers.
Remains at the parlors of McAvoy & Co.. 1233
Market street, between Eighth and Ninth.
WARNOCK— In this city, September 16, 1900,
Margaret E., beloved mother of Michael
Henry Warnock and the late William J. War-
• nock, a native of Grange. County Limerick,
Ireland, aged 47. years 7 months and 8 days.
WALTHOUR— In this city. September 15. 1900.
John F., infant son of Frank J. and Dottle
Walthour, and sister of Agnes and Harold
WaHhour, a native of San Francisco, aged
3 months -and 21 days.
private. Holy Cross Cemetery.
REINSTEIN— In this city, September 16, 1900,
Oscar Reinstein, beloved father of Mrs. M.
P. Wolf. Mrs. Charle3 L. Shainwald, Mrs.
Milton S. Eisner, Miss Augusta Reinstein
and J. B. Reinstein. a native of Germany,
aged 74 years 10 months and 2 days.
CTXotlce of funeral hereafter.
SAXSENMEIER— In this city, September 13,
1900. Joseph, beloved husband of Katie Eax-
eenmeier, father of Louise, Katie, Bertha and
Carl Saxsenmeler, and' nephew of Andrew
Frank of Oakland, a native of Wurtemberg,
Germany, aged 49 years 7 montha and IS
days. A member of Golden City Lodge No.
63 K of P. : Brewers' Union, and Haywards
Lodge No. 18, A. O. U. W.
(T^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 44 Clementina street, between First
and Second. Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
SCHWEEN— Near Pleasanton, September 15,
1500 August A., beloved son of Mr. and Mrs.
E. Sehw&en. and brother of Mrs. H. P. Mohr.
Mrs A. Hageman and Charles. William,
John, Walter and Louisa Sehween, a native
cf Pleasanton, aged 24 years 7, months and
29 days.
C?"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Mondayi. at 1 o'clock, from the family resi-
dence. Interment Odd Fellows' Cemetery,
Pltasanton. .,
WALKER— in this city. September 15, 1900,
Mary, dearly beloved wife of the late Wil-
liam Walker, and mother of Mrs. Frederick
Warner, n_eil 65 years.
ETThe funeral will take place this day
(Monday), at S o'clock, from the residence of
the parents, 275 .Lexington avenue. Interment
a. native of County Cork, -Ireland, aged 46
years and 1 month.
ET'The funeral will take place to-morrow
. (Tuesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 412 Taylor 6treet. thence to St. Mary's
'Cathedral, where a solemn requiem mass will
be celebrated for the repose of her bouI, at
10 o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary Ceme-
tery.
O'GRADY— In this city, September 15, 1900, Jo-
seph, beloved son of John and Ellen O'Grady,
a native of San Francisco, aged 16 days.
CCEAN TRAVEL.
'HGED Oscar Relnstein felt the
hand of death upon him yesterday
H morning, and In the early hours of
the afternoon his body lay upon
the operating table in the Receiving Hos
pital. Death came to him shortly after
2 o'clock, while he was seeking recreation
and pleasure. Mr. Relnstein. either
fell or jumped bacKward from
car BCS of the Ellis-street lino
at Stanyan and "Waller streets. He struck
heavily on the pavement, and within an
hour was dead. An examination at the
Receiving Hospital disclosed a slight
§calp wound, although no evidence of a
fracture of the skull was found.
Mr. Reinstein left his home, 90S Ellis
street, early in the afternoon. Intending
to enjoy an outing at the beach. As the
Ellis-street cars now run out to Ninth
avenue, where the change is made to the
beach cars, Mr. Relnstein was carried
past the old transfer point at Stanyan
and Haight streets. It is presumed that
he was of the opinion that he must change
at Stanyan and Haight streets, and. In
attempting to alight from the moving car,
fell and struck his head upon the pave
ment. This is only one theory, however,
and as there were no eye-witnesses so
far as is known, the manner and cause
of his death must remain unknown. The
car on which the deceased was riding,con
tinued on Its way after the accident, the
conductor and motorman apparently be
ing unaware of its occurrence.
"Old St. Mary's stands not only as the
solid sentinel of the imperishable faun
which has reared its walls, but also as a
livinc agent for all that which uplifts and
ennobles life, renewing its strength and
its beauty. It stands also as a monitor
against all that which degrades and de
praves men and women. Long suffering,
but not silent, it has witnessed for too
great a period the faults and crimes com
mitted beneath the very shadows of its
walls. But a brighter day dawns apace,
when In an atmosphere purified from
darkness and evil. In an environment more
suitable to its gracious and heavenly
work, it will radlte forth sweetness and
llpht and strength to all its happy wor
shipers."
"As we are bound to our fellowmen by
common 'nature and a. given destiny, so
should we be compassionate and helpful
to them under whatsoever burdens they
toil. And that the giving of such help is
a Christian and a most praiseworthy char
acteristic of tho American people, the
spontaneous aid of and the widefelt sym
pauiy towards the city of Galveston in
its calamitous visitation most amply
show. But such helpfulness to be consis
tent, abiding and meritorious requires the
supernatural grace of God. It is the prac
tical exercise of the great commandment
of the love of God toward those, who are
his images and creatures.
".V third application that I ¦would make
to-day of this text, "Bear ye one another's
burdens,' is local and somewhat personal.
Rev. Father Wyman. who from the time
when the Taulist Fathers took charge
here has labored so zealously and who
has borne the double burden of the pas
toral charge and the local superlorship,
to-day, at his own urgent request, is per
mitted to lay them down. I hasten to. say
that Father "Wyman remains here, and
gladly so, to continue to work among you
and to assist the new incumbent by his
valuable counsel and experience. Let me
entreat you, beloved brethren, by your
kind co-operation and prayers to enable
all of us who are ministering to you to
carry on our work well, to fulfill the lav/
of Christ and to give n good account of
our stewardship.
"The meaning of this injunction is plain,
but our proiit from it must be in the
measure of our acceptance and In the ap
plication of it to our lives. The historical
s-'C-nse of these words was made manifest
that St. Paul exhorted the more instruct
ed and suitable members of the Church
of Balatia to be compassionate and help
ful to their weaker brethren, who had
again put themselves under the bondage
of the law; who had lapsed into doctrinal
error rather than into moral fault. No
form of interest in our brethren is more
commendable, even now.
Father Smith's text was taken from St.
Paul's Spistlo to the Galalians, "Bear ye
one anoiner's burdens and so you shall
lultill the law oi" Christ." In part he said:
A large <ionsreKation greeted Rev. Mich
ael Smith, C. S. P., Superior of the Faulist
Fathers on this Coast, when he entered
the pulpit of St. Mary's Church yesterday
morning to preach his initial sermon. The
distinguished member of the Missionary
Order won instant favor with his people
by his kindly ways and brilliant sermon.
The new Superior paid a high tribute
to Rev. Father H. II. Wyraan, whom he
superseded as pastor of the Paulist
Church, lie told how much the work of
Father Wyraan had been appreciated by
the superior general and what delight it
gave him to announce that he wa3 to
remain and labor among the people he
has learned to love and who have mani
fested such great affection for him.
Distinguished Paulist Who Has Been
Appointed Superior on This
Coast Preaches His Ini
tial Sermon.
Father Smith, His Suc
cessor, Praises Him
Warmly.
HIGH TRIBUTE
IS PAID TO THE
REV. H. B. WYMAN
MEXICANS HONOR MEMORY OF
HIDALGO AND FREEDOM'S CAUSE
Bertram Adams, the young man who
hncl his foot crushed between the draw
heads of two freight trains at Ocean View
on the 11th inst., died at the County Hos
pital yesterday. Adams was stealing a
ride on the southbound freight train to
San Jose when he received the injuries
which cost him his life. Blood poisoning
caused his death. The body was removed
to the Morgue.
Died From Kis Injuries.
ODD Fellows' Hall was crowded from
the stage to the front door yester
day afternoon with an audience of
soft-eyed senoritas and stalwart
senores of the Mexican colony, nearly 2000
of them, packed like sardines and crowd-
Ing Into aisles and perched in perilous po
sitions on the backs of chairs, craning
their necks and shouting themselves
hoarse with enthusiasm— the same en
thusiasm that thrills Americans • on the
Fourth of July. It was ninety years yes
terday since the cathedral bells in the
City of Mexico rang out the glad tidings
that Miguel Hidalgo had accomplished his
dream— that Spain's yok'o had been thrown
oft forever, and that Mexico ¦ was free,
and so, like Benjamin Ide Wheeler, every
one in that great audience felt 'that it
was "good for htm to be there."
And then the programme — seventeen
numbers. Speeches, t songs, choruses
tunes orations, duets, quartets, and all
the rest of it. and the only English things
In It were Julius Kahn. orator of the day,
and Mayor Phelan, who failed to mater
ialize.
; Carmen F. Jimenez was the hero of the
day, tho luminary round which every
thing else revolved. When at the end of
a long speech in Spanish, burning with
patriotism and enthusiastic memories of
Hidalgo and those of his kind, who had
fought and bled that, no manana should
ever feel Spain's yoke grow heavier, Jim
enez shouted. "Vive la Libertad! Viva
Hidalgo! Viva Diaz!" A perfect hurri
cane of "Bravos" broke loose, making the
tricolored banner over the stage shake
and sway as if injected with tho general
enthusiasm.
And very pretty the stage looked, too,
The poem of the day was read by F.
Carranza. the sweet singer of the Mexi
can colony, and A. de la Torre read the
Mexican Declaration of Independence.
The festivities Incidental to the ninetieth
celebration of Mexican independence did
not cease with tho going down of yester
day's sun. Odd Fellowr/ Hall was again
crowded last night with a pleasure-seek
ing throng, which had come forth accord
ing to annual custom to participate In
what was to many- the most enjoyable
feature of the day, tho grand ball. The
hall was beautifully decorated in Mexican
and American colors. Prior' to the ball a
banquet was given by the most prominent
members of the Mexican colony.
Committee of arrangements— Dr. A. Maldo
r.ado, C. F. Jimenez, Raul G. Gallardo. A.
Montero. S. Vlllalobos, M. Lacarra, E. Ybarra,
F. Carranza, A. R0.I0. Arturo Juarez, P. Es-
Tlnosa, Vldal .D. Medina, L,. F. Jimenez,- S.
McMAnus aid Federlco Olmedo.
Hon. A. K. Coney, Consul General of Mex
ico, honorary president: Charles Baez, presi
dent: Gustavo Levy, vice president; A. de la
Torre Jr., secretary: F. Arteche, assistant sec
rotary: J. J. Arzave, treasurer.
The officers and committee of arrange
ments that had the affair in charge con
sisted of the following named:
"We of the United States are deeply in
terested and concerned In the welfare and
progress of Old Mexico. She is our sister
republic. You have sont to our country
men who have taught us to know you and
know you as you are.
"I feel convinced that Hidalgo drew
muemof his splendid inspiration from our
¦Washington, our Jefferson, our Adams.
Let me express the hope to the citizens ot
the two countries that the sister republics
of Mexico and the United States may con
tinue to lead all nations of the earth In
the greatest of all blessings— the bound
less blessings of liberty and independ
ence."
Julius Kahn's address was a fine trib
ute to Mexico's share in the development
of this State, r.nd to the memory of Mi
guel Hidalgo, whose name, -the orator
said, would live for all time. The speak
er's remarks were in part as follows:
"The student' of ¦ history cannot but ad
mire the soul-consuming love of his coun
try, the burning spirit of patriotism that
animated Hidalgo and his noble, lofty
minded compatriots in their herioc strug
gle for liberty. Poorly armed, miserably
equipped, they yet took arms against the
legions of Spain, gladly, cheerfully offer
ing up their hearts' blood that their coun
try might bo free.
with seventy-five of the Mexican colony s
fairest grouped there, all smiling at the
audience, and the audience smiling back
at them, and A. K. Coney, Mexican Con
sul General and president of the day, in
the center. These same young ladies con
tributed one of the most, successful num
bers of the day, when; with Senorita An
drea Mojica's superb contralto to lead
them, they broke into the stirring strains
of the Mexican national hymn, and maybe
every one in the audience wasn't helping
them out.
CARMEN F. JIMENEZ DELIVERS A PATRIOTIC ADDRESS IN SPANISH.
Are You Registered?
If rot, go at once to City Hall. Regis
tration closes September 2'j. You cannot
vote unless you registered since January
1. 1000. ¦ .. 7 • •
Stanislaus Walewski Was at Stock
ton "When the Poor Woman
Committed Suicide.
Stanislaus Walewski, the husband of
Urqule Walewski, the unfortunate woman
who ended her life by sending a pistol
bullet through her heart on Saturday '
night, returned to the city yesterday
morning. He came home on the Stock
ton boat and proceeded to his home,
where he received a shock on- seeing a no
tice on the door signed by the Coroner's
deputy. The dazed man at once sought
pome of his friends, who told him what
had happened during his absence. He
went to the Morgue and wept over the
body of his late wife.
Princess Poniatowski will bear the ex
pense of -the dead woman's funeral, as
Walewski was about to enter the employ
of the Prince 'at the time the suicide oc
curred.
CAME HOME TO FIND
HIS WIFE A CORPSE
P. "VV. Riordan. who on that day cele
brated the anniversary of his consecration
as Archbishop. Congratulations poured
in on the distinguished prelate, and he was
the recipient of the well wishes of his
people, who devoutly prayed that His
Grace's health would permit him to per
form the important duties of his high
office for many more years.
Archbishop Riordan was indisposed
yesterday and was advised by his physi
cians and intimate friends to remain in
doors. Despite their wishes, he fulfilled
a promise made to the pastor and con
gregation of the Church of Corpus Chris
ti. by journeying to the Mission road and
confirming a large class of children and
older people. After administering the
rites of confirmation he called upon Rev.
B. C. Redahan. assistant pastor of Sts.
Peter and Paul, to speak for him. Father
li^dahan spoke in Italian and at the out
set of his short talk said he regretted
that the Archbishop because of indispo
sition could not in his vivid way deliver
the instructions he generally Impressed
on the occasion of confirmation.
Rev. Father Cassinl, pastor of the
church, was celebrant at the benediction
and Father Lrambert, O. F. M., acted as.
his assistant. The sponsors were Mrs.
Dr. Masuero and G. di Pauli. The Arch
bishop was attended by his secretary, tho
Rev. Father Mulligan. Among the clergy
present were Rev. Albert Miller, O. F. M..
Rev. Leo Villa and Brothers Daniel Mc-
Carthy and Joseph Oreni, S. F. S. The
following-named were confirmed:
Girls— Thoretwi Mary Cresta, Lizzie Mary
Ticoulet. Amelia Catherine Razzo. Henrietta
Margaret Ilazzo. Rose Josephine (."apurro, Laura
Beatrice Oavasnaro, Jsolina Mary Guatelli,
Mary Agr.es Rossi, Josephine AKnes Ttcoulet,
Anr.ie Klizabeth Pitto, Virginia Mary Luttrin
per. LtUie Klizabeth Cavaunero. Amelia Agnes
Rovegno. Abina Mary Marassi. Lena Flora
Lagomarsino. Mary Josephine Lagomarsino,
Cecilia Beatrice Cavacnaro, Marls Agnes BIk
notti. Cornelia Josephine Cavagnaro, Louise
Gertrude Cerephino, Maglla Mary Galliano,
Maihllde Wilhelmina Cavagnaro, Amelia Mary
Hotlini, Annie Mary Peraeso, Mary Bemadotte
Monney, Julia Rose Isola, Emilia Beatrice
Mazzera, R*?e Agnes Solari. Kmilia Agnes
HiFnotti. Julia Mary Figone, Edith Beatrice
Lavaronl, Eds. Beatrice Rovegno. IMith AKnes
Varini. Lillle Veronica Assiirhno, Mary Ciare
Rovegno, Henrietta Veronica, Glaninl and
Alma Mary Garibaldi.
Boys — John ' Francis Cavagnaro, Thomas
Francis Creeta. Fred Francis Chambllle, "Wil
liam Aloystus Lenn^n. Domingo Joseph Pltto,
John Jopeiih Tiscornia, Claire 'William Ktran,
Victor Michael Oreghino, John Patrick Por
cella, Michael Bernard Varni. Charles Aloyslug
Solarl. Albert Paul Mlenke. Nicholas John
Hrisolese. Joseph Anthony S=aser, Louis Michael
Regli, Louis Peter Oliva, Frank John I>rlotero,
John James F,scloses, Emelio Joseph Cavagnaro,
Alfred AIoysiuB Colin. George Thomas Francis,
Fred Paul Guatelli and John Joseph Caprile.
BlderM-Llllian Veronica AssaUno, Madia
Mary Galliano. Thomas Francis Crpsta, Stephen
Louis I*rnartin1. Domingo Orlo Rossi, Ciiacon
AI-j-kIur Caf=taRnetto, William E. Fett, George
Henry Hoiran. Kdwarfl Michael Wall. Charles
Henry Leonard and Frank John Driotero.
Although 111 He Attends Services at
Corpus Christi Church—Anni
versary of His Consecration.
Prayers were offered yesterday in the
various Catholic churches in this city for
His Grace th«> Most Reverend Archbishop
ARCHBISHOP RIORDAN
CONFIRMS LARGE CLASS
i«= reported that he has pone to Portland,
Or., and that he has shaken' the dust of
Fan Francisco from his feet forever.
Siemann was engaged by the court to
cpf'.ft in making the affair a success and
!r.cidenta!ly to act on the night of the
1p.1I ns ticket-seller In the box office. He
performed his duties with, as they say,
too much zeal, as he not only looked after
the money at the Pavilion, but at the
close of the evening's festivities took it
hrrne with him. The next day he was
eipectfd to call at the court headquarters
and turn over the money, but he failed to
materialize. Monday the court officers
thought he would be sure to come, but
they waited In vain. He was seen around
town as late as last Friday, and he then
left the city for Portland, taking with
Hm a «ridow by the name of Mrs. Beck
leg and her two children.
How much money he took with him is
* hard to decide, eo the Foresters say. but
thf-y claim that the affair mu?t have been
a financial raccesa. A t-alonnman on Ma-
The autopsy, held last night, developed
the fact that Mr. Reinsteln died of heart
disease. The .only Injuries he received
from the fall were some slight bruises and
lacerations of the face.
Herman Hogrefe. the motorman of the
car from which Mr. Reinsteln fell, sur
rendered himself to the police last night
and was charged with manslaughter. He
was at once released on cash bail. Hog
refe refused to make a statement until
he had consulted his attorney.
Mr. Relnstein was long and well known
throughout business circles of this city.
ITIb son, J. B. Reinsteln, Regent of the
University of California and senior mem
ber of the law firm of Relnstein & Eisner,
and his daughters, Mrs. Eisner, Mrs. C. I.
Shalnwald, Mrs. M. P. Wolf and Miss"
Reinsteln, survive him.
"Mr. Relnstein was past 76 years." she
said, "and was very deaf. For that rea
son he never left the house unless some
one accompanied him. He must have gone
out quietly to-day, for none of us heard
him. Ills words to me this morning were
prophetic. He was unusually despond
ent, and told me that he knew he did not
have long to live. Within a few hours he
was dead. His words of the morning were
true."
Officer E. H. Waterman was notified of
the accident, and rang for the patrol
wagon. The dying man was placed on a
stretcher, and the wagon made a fast
run. but arrived at the hospital too late.
The need of a hospital in the park was
again demonstrated, though it is doubt
ful that Immediate treatment would have
resulted favorably. Word was sent to the
late home of the deceased, and a young
woman employed as a domestic hurried
to the hospital.
Yesterday afternoon Xoriepa, with sev
eral other members of Court Stanford,
called on Chief or Police Sullivan and re
quested him 10 telegraph the Chief of Po
lice of Portland to arrest G. Siemann.
Chief Sullivan had a Ions consultation
with the committee and advised them to
swear out a warrant for Slemann's ar
rest. As the man was outside the State
he could do nothing until the warrant was
issued, he said.
To-day K. L. Xorlepa. a member of
Court Stanford, will swear out a warrant
for the arrest of Siemann in Judge Fritz's
court and attempt to hrin;: him back to
this city. Siemann resided at 503 Post
ptret*: and was there known as Mr. Beek
lcp.
son street, named Schroder, was also, so
he claims, victimized by Siemann. Schro
der ran the bar at the hall anil Siemann
handled the money. He made a half set
tlement with the saloonman; but Schro
der claims that there is still a big balance
duo him.
Siemann was a well-known figure
around town. He is an Australian by
birth and has the proud distinction of
having been the first manager of Peter
Jackson in this country. During later
years h*» drifted into politics. He worked
for some, tiine in the Assessor's oftice un
der John Siehe. He was also a very act
ive worker in the campaign of Wetjen in
his ursuccosfful fight aRaJnst Tax Col
lector Block.
TICKET-SELLER ACCUSED OF
DEPARTING WITH MOXEY
TAKEN" IX AT THE iOH
DSTERS 1 BALL.
i=jp:HE members of Court Stnnford. For
esters of America, are very anxious
j[ to find «~5. Siomur.n and get him to
fclve an account of the money that
was realized from the masquerade ball |
priven at tho Michanics' Pavilion Saturday
evening. September 8. From present in- I
dictations It looks a? If the committee will {
have a hard time finding Siemann, as it |
He Handled the Finances of Stanford
Court Ball at Pavilion but Did
Not Disgorge:
FRIENDS OF SIEMANN
MOURNING HIS ABSENCE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 17. 1900,
While Seeking Pleasure He Jumps or
Falls From a Car and Is.
Fatally Injured.
AGED OSCAR REINSTEIN
PROPHESIES HIS DEATH
THE LATE OSCAR REINSTEIN.
10
SAJJ FRANCISCO.
WILLARD 0. WAYMAN, Manager.
G. W. McNEAR, General Ajrent.
STATEMENT
OS* THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
—or the —
G1RARD
FIRE AND MARINE
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF PHILADELPHIA. I?I THE STATE OV
Pennsylvania, on tha 31st day of I>cemb«r.
A D 1S33. and lor the year eadlr.s on that
day as made to the Insurance Conmisloner
of the State of California, pursuant to the pro-
visions of sections 610 and «U of the Political
Code, condensed as per blank furnished by th« , A
Commissioner:
CAPlTAIi.
Amount of Casital Stock, paid up In
Cash 1380.000 00
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company fJ^PS 22
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages 724.9oO 00
C&sh Market Value of all Stocks and ,_ __ „
Bonds owned by Company 801.931 CO
Amount of Loans secured by pledge
of Bonds. Stocks and other market-
able securities as collateral 118.5W W
Cash In Company's Office 11.9S9 IT
Cash In Banks -- €1.835 .•
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and loans ¦• 8.151 ss
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgajces 13.2.51 4*
Premiums In due Course of Collection 93.062 18
Bills receivable, not Matured, taken
for Fire and Marine Risks 1S.O *>
Ttents due and accrued «0 »
Due from other Companies for Rein- .''...'..
furar.ee on losses already paid 11.213 0»
Total Assets I2.M3. 888 «*
LIABILITIES.
Losses In process of Adjustment or
In Suspense » : vii .vj
Losses resisted, including expenses... 2..O0OO
Grc*i premiums on Tire Risk* run-
nlr.(C one year or. less. $ro.4« 33; re-
Insurance 50 cer cent ***
Gross premiums on Fire Rtfks run-
ning more than one year. JC67,9oo W:
reinsurance pro rata ¦ - J '- 5 * 5 "•»
Amount reclalmable by the l^urf'
on perpetual Fire Insurance Poll-
cles '•'•*""
All oth«r demands aeainst the com-
pany • " 8>3n3 51
Total liabilities I1.W3.W3 01
INCOME.
Net cash actually receive! for Fire
premiums ...J.... »4u..oj«
Ileeelved for Interest on Bonds and
Mortises Y'TiZUXZZmZ
Received for interest and dividends
on Bonds. Stocks, Loans, and from
all other sources *'J?' "
Received for Rents i*o«2 si
r.eceived from all other sources *•*>¦» ¦>*
Total Income - >4M - 7S4 K
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Fire V^ 9
(including 5^.612 U. losses of frevt-
Paid or allowed for Commission or
I5i*okeraK* •• U' r r"nVhp"r
Paid for Salaries. Fee 3 ami other
charges for officers clerks «£^ a j " J - ws "
Paid for State. National and Local
Al'r^fherpaymVnis-and "expendl- £^ .,
tures I
(Fire) llll^m-* '-
Rteto and Pwaft<Pf-| Premlum9 -
Net amount of Risks
written dnrlns U* mlia H
N vra r mounVcf"lVl5k S
.^tred during the}
', JAMKS P. ALVQRO. Vice Pr»s! iont.
EDWIN F. MERRILL. Secretary.
Subscribed and rworn to before me. this Mth
Jay of January. 13"".
GEOP-GE F. WILGU3. Notary r-ablic.
PACIFIC DEPARTMENT,
NE. Cor. California and Sansome^ts.,
III. 113. 115. 117. 119. 121 POST STREET.
NOTE — Our customers in the interior are
requested to write for samples of OUR NEW
FALL GOODS.
SHEETINGS, TABLE LINENS, CRASHES, TOWELS
and NAPKINS at less than present price to imports
15 cases VERY FINE QUALITY PRINTED SILK0LINE
COMFORTERS, all new designs, full size and pure
snow-flake filling. Price $1.50 Each
175 pairs NEW IRISH POINT CURTAINS, 12 different
designs; these Curtains are In hoth white and ecru and
are full Z\ uards in length, Price se.oo Pair
4 cases WHITE MARSEILLES BEDSPREADS, extra size
and vef u. fine Quality, handsome designs and hemmed
readu for use. Price $3.50 Each
5 cases EXTRA QUALITY FINE WHITE BLANKETS,
made from pure Australian wool, full size for larue
ClOUDie Del. Price S7.50 Pair
FOUR EXTRAORDINARY VALUES
IN FINE HOUSEKEEPING GOODS!
BLANKETS
BEDSPREADS
CURTAINS
COMFORTERS
Trapper'* Oil cures rheumatism and neuralgia.
Drusfflats. We flask. lUcharda £ Co.. 106 CUT.
Ladles"' tailor-made suits, silk skirts, fur
capes; liberal credit M. Rothschild, £26 Sutler. •
•Balllnston Booth estimates that over
four million persons have attended the
meetings of the Volunteers of America
during the year. The Volunteers number
72,000. •¦¦•
P. ROHCOK 3rc*'L'I/rY. 31. D.
2GH K car ay St., .San Francisco, CsL
DR.MCNULTY.
1'HTK WELL-KXOWV AX I) r.KMADI.E OLD
f!fwia!i»t<-urr*l5lnnd Poison. fionorrhOM.GIp^i,
•stricture, .*-<-:r.liuU Weakness. Impoynce and their
t!h»d Disorders. Jloolc on Diseases of lien, free.
Orer20years'expor i etic#.T>rtn«! reasonable. Hourn,
5to3dally;6:30u>S.30ev'<;s. Sunday*. 10 to 12. C'onmil-
lation Iree and sacredly confidential. Call or address
Swim at the Crystal Baths..
Recommended by physicians. Water always
clean and warm. Tub department best In city.'
Oril REMOVABLE ISKIDGE WORK IS
beautiful and duraM*. Warranted 10 j-ears
Our J". jilatos fit like a glove.
<n:r method for pain!<>i?F cxtraelin^ Is pafnt-
*><! nn4 used by no other dentirt on the Pacific
Ccaet.
WRICE LIST FOR 3O DAYS I
Vr inless Extract ion 2r»o
Hr move ble 1 irfdKCWork 93.00
Ama Igam TH >«•
Mrs. Vr. K. U Walsh will attend to the chil-
dren's teeth— painlessly.
DR. F*. 1_. VVAUSH.
h\l\ GEABT FTHKET. l.'tr.oen Hyde and
Larkin. Telephone Polk 1125.
If you want to enjoy your lunch, call
for Rainier Vx»er.' •
BQWEN
& CO
Here Is a partial list of the desir*
able articles in our regular stock — the
prices — quality and service should a*-
cure your patronage
SPECIAL SAVING SALE
Monday Tuesday Wednesday
Hams— eastern 14C
Try this week the quality we sell —
. they are our regular brand " Old
Dominion " — other days 16c Ib
Coffee— Kona 22$C
For flavor— strength and aroma our
Kona coffee is unexcelled — reg'ly 27&C
Pine-apple— sliced ' 3 cans 50C
From Singapore— rich juicy fruit-
good quality— reg'ly 20c i\ lb can
Olive oil pints }oc
GB&Co Virgin quarts 55C
Bottled in France— the best
. procurable— reg'ly 35c and 65c
Brandy— California bottle 75C
' reg'ly $1 and 54 gallon $ J
This state can justly feel proud of
a product of this character
Burgundy— noweii Mt. 45c
Possesses a rich smooth flavor — can
be diluted one-third— reg'ly 75c gallon
Sarsaparilla — ginger ale
Vartroy— rich— sparkling— <| jq
healthful — reg'ly $1 25 dozen
Puree de foies gras 20c
Teyssonneau— the most popular of
all French goose liver pastes —
reg'ly 25c can
Tomato catsup 3 bottles 50c
Our bottling of pure ingredients —
reg'ly 20c bottle — two flavors j
Night lights- -reg'ly i 2 Jc IOC
Pope's Head — box of 100 tapers
OHveS quarts 25C
Manzanilla gallon QOC
Extra large— delicate flavor-
easily pitted— reg'ly'^oc quart
Spaghetti— LaFavorita I2hc
. Best quality of French paste —
this variety only— reg'ly 15c lb
Sardines— French _ I2^C
Bezier or Jspa— two first-rate
brands— reg'ly 1 5c can
TOOth powder— Wright 2OC
Antiseptic myrrh— reg'ly 25c bottle
Toilet SOap— reg'ly 25c 2OC
Box of 3 cakes— American made
Tooth brushes 25c
Soft — medium and stiff bristles —
Kent's very best quality — reg'ly 35c
Sponges 5 c to $4
For all purposes
Particularly attractive and full of
usefulness— the September edition of
our price list
4)2 Pine 23iSutter a3oo California San Francisco
io;j Clay between Eleventh anJ Twelfth OakUaJ
OAfr nniMl Corner Fourth and
II V L> U I 1 U ft I Market. S. F. Try
Illrr nillUl our Special Brew
Valise* checked free.
ADVEETISEMEKTS.
fAINLESS DENTISTRY t &%9\
jg^ N° ates Squired, jjjsy
// THIS \
( storm
collar
is made of extra quality
river mink — a deep, ricn
brown fur of exceptional
wearing quality. Beau-
tifully lined with heavy
satin — 6 long tails. It
is very fashionable to
wear these with tailor- ,
made suits — a special at
$6,50 «ch \ (
Electric Seal Storm Col-
lira — 8 tails 57.50 |
Sable Apposum Storm
Collars — 6 tails $9.00
Nutra Storm Collars —
9 '^i's $>o.co
Srorm Collars from 54.50 to #35.00
Every garment bears
our name — a guarantee
of satisfaction. '
H. Liebes & Company
( INC. )
J 33-i37 Post St., S. F. !
ADVERTISEMENTS.