In Belialf of Applauding Thousands and. Amid \ Delicious Inspiriting Strains General
Sarnes Takes Over tlxe Magnificent USTe^w Bandstand in Golden
G-ate Park From Its Donor, Olaixs Spreokels.
AN A ARCHITECTURAL POEM SET TO MUSIC
DEDICATED TO THE PEOPLE OF CALIFORNIA
CLAUS SPRECKELS.
GENERAL W. H. L. BARNES.
That the memorial should be placed in Gold
en Gate Park was a decision which required
no' long study to reach. This noble pleasure
ground will doubtles be the chief scene of the
cpen air festivities of the people of California
and indeed of the whole Pacific Coast for all
time to come. It already ranks among the fin
est parks in the world. It is the resort of
thousands. It Is the playground of the chil
dren, the festal garden of youths and maidens,
the recreation of the worker," the solitude 01
the thinker, the .parade of wealth and fashion,
the object lesson of artists, and In many ways
It ministers to the studies of men of science.
dedicated to music rendered free to all and
under circumstances that would make it at
tractive to rich and poor alike. (Applause.)
•? " — T**" furnish thejn with
pleasures which recreate body and brain alike..
No other form,~of amusement : which, can -be
provided for large numbers surpasses music In
that respect, and accordingly I was easily de
termined that the purposed memorial should be
RECREATION FOR
BRAIN AND EODY
ALIKr.
In my native Germany I had early learned
the value «» well as the charm of music and
of architecture. I know how potent a benefit
It Is to a people to have the privilege of listen
ing under beautiful surroundings to the melo
dies and the harmonies which the master mu
sicians have developed out " ol their soaring
souls for the joy of the world.
'•; : -+ • I know that one
PcrttPATTOM FOR of the strongest
KbLKfcAHUiN fUK B afe K uards against
BRAIN AND EODY .the pleasures that
ALIK?. dissipate the ener
¦ gles of men Is to
IvOvinR California as I do, and being grateful
for the many benefits that have accrued to me
during the earnest and active life I have lived
here, I have desired to manifest those feelings
in some monumental structure which would
stand as a memorial of my citizenship among
you. ¦ In deciding to erect that memorial In the
form It has taken. I was moved by a desire
to make it a source of the highest pleasure and
good to the largest number of people possible.
(Applause.)
It !s a gratification to me to know that Cal
ifornia, so kind to me. Is kind and generous to
all. Differences of fortune exist In all parts of
the world, but each class of workers Is better
off in California than anywhere else on earth.
Our workingnien have the best homes and the
hlRhest wages in proportion to their skill that
are possessed by workers anywhere, and It Is
an Invariable rulo that where wase-earnrrs are
most prosperous 1 and have most opportunities
to advance !n fortune, education and culture,
there every grade of society Is most prosper
ous, best r.nd happiest.
CALIFORNIA
IS KIND AND
G5N.ROU5TOALL.
'had occasion to + j ¦ ?•
regret the choice. I have never wished for
any other home nor lonfted for anything on
earth that California could not give. Recently
I went abroad with the Intention 'of remaining
a year. You cee I have returned before the
time I had fixed upon. My heart was here
with my home and my home friends, . and
nothing that Kurnne or the Kastern States
could furnish was sufficient to charm away the
desire to get back to the land I love. (Ap
plause.)
fornla as my
home, and I have
never In all the
years that have
passed since then
I cair.e to California by reason of the good
reports I had heard of It in other lunds.
When I came and learned the full worth of the
land and its people I found the cood reports
had not told half the tale.
I adopted Cali- a 4.
opportunities she offers with a fair degree of
sagacitv. will not fail to find an ample reward
for all work of hand and head and heart.
Mcrcmer that reward will come not In ma
terial things only but in the thousand kindly
and Rracimis acts by which true friends make
this life worth the lhir.sr.
HUNDRED PIECES OF BRASS STIR FIRST ECHOES
in the Pavilion,
From Their Home
c* th« mind responsive to those senses win find
a Joy In the work.
To your hands. General Barnes. a3 a repre
sentative of tjie people of California. I commit
the gift. My wish Is that the pavilion ar.-l the
music which will flow forth rrom it may be
incentives to artistic aspirations among all the
people of California, and help them to find
that happiness which humanity Is to attain tn
this golden land in a more abundant degree
than in any other under the whole heavens.
As Mr. Spreckels finished he grasped
General Barnes' hand and shook it cor
dially. Barnes then accepted the bulld
lne in behalf of the citizens of San,
Francisco and the Park Commissioners.
He said:
My Fellow Citizens: This Immense concour»«»
demonstrates the deep interest which the peo
ple whom I have the distinguished honor to
represent to-day take !n the completion
and dedication of this architectural tri
umph of the Reid Bros., rendered pos
sible through the generosity of Mr. Claus
Spreckels. who may be Justly denominated the
foremost living citizen of California. For him
self and for the State his has been a most for
tunate career* net so fortunate, perhaps, as it
is rather the natural result of rare executive
ability and absolute Integrity In affairs, of In
domitable force cf will in the undertaking ar.d
triumphant completion of commercial enter
prises which have benefited the pecple far moT«
than they have enriched him. The gigantic
Industries which have been developed by this
good citizen have for many years furnished
homes and maintenance to more human beings
than those of any other Individual or Indeed of
any aggregation of capital In this State.
The great refineries erected and operated by
him. the railway transportation provided by
his efforts, the construction of public utilities
of power and light, the productive farms which
have made fertile so many thousands of acres
and heaped so many millions of tons of the
saccharine beet about his monster factories of
sugar, to say nothing of the substantial and
beautiful structures with which he has orna
mented our chief city and given employment tr>
every mechanical trade, demonstrate his public
spirit and entitle him to the full measure of
affection and respect which the people la whose
behalf I speak entertain for him.
That to-day has been selected to devote this
temple of music to the perpetual use of the
people la especially felicitous. It connects it
with an historical epoch In the life of. the
commonwealth which marks its semi-centennial
with the pride of an exultant population, re
joicing In the review of a past, munlfleent In
progress and illuminated by the prophecy of
acquisitions of wealth and civic power which
bewilders contemplation ana stretches tram, til*
SCENE BEFORE THE NEW BAND STAND AT THE DEDICATION.
SEATING CAPACITY FOR TWENTY THOUSAND
Not Half Enough
for the Crowds.
WITH Beyenty-flve thousand peo
ple bending their heads to
listen, the first melody welled
from the new band stand in
the Park, and, borne on the
wJrig^s of the west wind,
thrilled the a'r of Concert Valley. It was
the dedication of the plare, and the
stately pile of gTay sandstone, to music
and the people, and the first composition
played under Its arche?, aptly named
"Immortality." was dedicated to Claus
Sjirec-Uc-Js, the giver of the gift.
The peristyle is, as General Barnes
truthfully and br-autifully said, an archi
t-M-tural pot'm, set to music. It is beauti
ful In its pure simplicity, in the stateli
r.« ss of its columns, and in its graceful
scheme and outline. And it is wonderful,
too. from the purity of its aeou-stics, for
the s; ; h of the flute !s Bent down the val
!*-y <-:<:ht and distinct as the trumpet's
b1?r«- that follows. Its location is partly
responsible for this, for in from the ocean
th" brtczen come, <ri£i> and cold, and thoy
; 'i.:;; ir.> : notes alone as if they loved
thrn. ar.d Frnd them playing among the
trees and alons the slopes that form this
V' r'.ru:,lo triumph of harmony.
Thf> throat court In front has been care
fully luinr-d. and a profusion of shrubbery
ar.d trees add picturesQue-noss to the
Hccnc. Tha bluish pray tint of the stone
of which th<> structure Js built brings out
boldly fiom the dark-foliapcd background
th. artistic work of the bu'Ioer.
F^uts were provided for 29,000 peo
!>!'-. which, on ordinary occasions, would
more than answer all n*»eds. Vet yester
fiaVx great crowd tva only overtaxed
tf:js Immense capacity, but the
torr3<-e<i grounds along the outer
boundaries of the court were black with
humanity.
The orchertra platform has an ex-
width of « feet and will accommo
date 100 musicians, which number were
there yextrrdar. As Mr. Spreckels and
General W. H. I,. Barnes stepped into the
music stand there was a spontaneous out
burst <!f appluuee from the vast multi
tude. Mr. Bpreckels bowed and then be-
gan his presentation speech. He was fre
quently interrupted by vigorous hand
clapping. Mr. Spreckels said:
My Fellow Cltitzer.s: By a good fortune In
which you will all Join with me In rejoicing,
the completion cf this structure and the oc
casion of Its formal gift to the people come
at a time when thousands from all parts of
tlie commonwealth are thronging to San Fran
cisco to celebrate the fiftieth aniversury of the
admission of California to Btntrhood in the
Union. We must all of us be well pleased that
It has happened so; for the structure Is de
glgnrd not for the city only, but for all Cal
ifornia, and It Is therefore rlcht and fitting
that Its dedication should take place under cir
cumstances which make It not a civic holiday
only, but a part of a great State festival.
California has been for fifty years a State
of the American Union, and I have been for
nearly fifty • yeara a citizen of California. I
was rnnone those who cam* in early manhood
to take part in the development of the rich re
sources of this golden land and to lay the
foundations upon which the fabric of her pros-
Parity rests. Whatever may have bt-en the ex
perience of others, my labors In California
have been abundantly rewarded. This has
been no nig-gard land to me. I have found
Its people as generous as the soil, ajid society
here as rich in human virtues as are the
mountains with gold. My experience has been
that whosoever works in California with the
honesty of a true Industry, and who meets the
It Is right for me to give due praise here to
the architects who have fashioned the noble
proportions of the structure, and to the arti
sans whose skill has carrted out all that I
have planned and the artist designed. The
architecture has been conceived In harmony to
the use for which the structure is Intended
and to the magnificent landscape of park and
mountain* that surround it. It pleases the
eye as music pleases the ear, and ever}- faculty
Here, then, where all gather. It Is proper that
the music which charms them should be pro
vided with a stately and noble pavilion. Thus
the plan for the edifice grew in my mind and
purpose; and now I have the gladness to look
upon the completed work and to transfer It
to the people of California. (Applause.)
SAN FRANCISCO, MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 10, 1900.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
VOLUME L.XXXVIII— NO. 102.
The San Francisco Call.Stops the Cough.
And works off the cold. Laxative Bromo-Qul
nlne Tablets cure a cold in one day. Xo cure,
no pay, l'rlcu 2S cents. *
Continued on Ninth Paso,
The proudest rr.rmcrial to the memory cf the
bettowcr of this gift will not be sought In some
God's acre. It will rather remain In this world
of rent and beauty. Around It shall assemble
living people, men, women ar.d children, not
to ftXfiictlcn. but la the hipplest cf the sunny
"*" *¦ Fhall gather yet
unborn millions, drinking from th«»ir cradles to
their rravrs the harmonies of scngs and
Marches, daily renewed from Generation to gen
eration as the eun renews Us refulgent beams
and free as the winds of the ocean that shall
breathe ui>on th^se trees In their are and de
crf-^ltude as now in their early growth.
He who cave this structure to the people
has buIMed for himseif an enduring monu
ment. The rich and the great of earth may
r«»*t after the battle Is over in stately tombs
which make the ead glory of the cities of th*
dead— cities where posterity roust go to behold
the record of human life or human pride fight
ir.K the onset of human mortality. From the
tombs of Nippon and Xinevah, from Egyptian
pyramid*, from every caned image and monu
mental pile the world over, from shrines that
t^n tvhere saints have suffered and where the
2*eht of rcjajty has risen In palaces and pet
ia earcophagus and cenotaph; from the grave of
Adam to the lateet monument that from Lone
Mountain overlooks the sea, all add their tes
timony to the lrreElFtib!e deF're of man to live
thrAig-h he be dead.
N. G. C, and well-known citizens. Duboce
Park was formally dedicated yesterday
morninp.
Shortly after 10 o'clock E. C. Priber.
president of the Duboce Park Improve
ment Club, introduced Mayor Phelan, who
In a short speech complimented the club
for Its work in securing the old "hospital
lot" for park purposes. The j..iayor spoke
feelingly of the late Colonel Duboce and
added that in naming the park the people
had paid a fitting tribute to the heroa
memory. He promised that he would do
An)id Roar of Car)non and
Cheers of Crowd Hero's
Memorial Is Dedicated.
AMID the booming of a small can
non and the cheers of a large
concourse of people. among
whom were the Army and Navy
and Olympic parlors of the Xa
tlve Sons, officers of the First Replment.
DUBOCE P0RK IS
NOW FOI^ THE CITY
(-o are we nil nrre to-day to welcome and
receive a gift to all the people. Not to the
citjr of Fan Francisco; not to the Commis
sioners of the Park, but to us is given this splen
did structure. Apart from the purpose to
which It will b» devoted. It Is a noble work.
It !» an architectural po^m twt to the muplc
of an inspired imagination. Po far as I know.
It ra» no prototype. It Is original In concep
tion and execution. This lofty center towering
5n massive strength above the orcheftral vault,
torcther with It* furportins colonnades. Is novel
In design an-i detail and Is the luxury of archi
tectural trrare. Its material in of Colusa eand-
Ftone, in color as soft and gray as the ages
through which, we trurt. It trill endure. Its
only and unsclflyh purpose Is the constant edu
cation of the people In the purest and moat re
f.nlrg of all the arts; that art without which
childhood would lose Its delight and old age
Its consolation; that art which while we are
under Its epell kills all car* and puts rrief to
deep; that art which Interprets every human
paeslon and emotion, which accompanies us
by dajr and by night, rouses the patriot heart
and !.'!;* to keep It In step with the music <vt
the Union. In thl* temple melodies composed
by the great masters of harmony shall edu
cate and refine v% end our descendants. Here
national hymns chall speak In orchestral volume
for the people In their hours of triumph or
« 4-
A MONUMENT
IN THE
LIVING WORLD.
rouse their declin
ing . courase In
those of <Weat.
Hf-re ehaJl be ren
dered the music of
the future. Her*
The citizen learns daily of a!l current event*
of th* round world at the moment of their
<vvuntnee. Trawl is a luxury, whether ,by
lard <-r pea. The spot whore we are not*- as
eexnbled was once, a dreary desert, drawn
thi'KKli centuries by northwest trade winds
from the inexhaustable sands of the ocean.
booeten of verdure an-i forbidding In every
5fP«t. To-<Jay the desert is. as by ma«te.
transformed Into one of the noblest of Ameri
can i>ark!>, whose forest, lawns and waters
pive pure enjoyment to all classes and condl
tinrr5= of mankind; a. park wisely contrived, ad
rairably admlniMered and prophetic of Ftill
crester reFUlts. Those who designed It bullded
bott'-r than they _^
SZ iZTt™ I ARCHITECTURAL
levied for the most | POEM
part to protect one j ctrr __ « IITe . TO
half of th. <rorld-« i SET TO MUSIC
InbaMtmnta from ¦? — ¦+.
the plundering pcopemlttea of the other half,
but the law that fstablished this rla^o
where the people phall walk abroad
«n<3 rr-rreate themselves 1b the only
law that doe? not bear hard on somebody.
and the taxes levied t., support and improve it
are almon the only ones paid without murmur
end which give a full return in happiness t"
th» young- and the 6U, to the rirh and the poor,
the g^>od and the had. to the white Saxon and
Ivitin and the shaded Asiatic, to the Fabbath
breaker and the Pabbath keeiK-r aiike. The
preat park like a tender mother npens lt«« arms
and bares !ts bosom to all the children of men
and teachea thi* lesson of a true democracy.
rrecita Parlor No. 1S7 opened up head
quarters in Mozart Hall yesterday after
noon ;ind entertained friends and visitors
until a late hour. Refreshments were
served and dancing was interspersed bv
an excellent entertainment. The parlor
has llo members and more than seventv
flve are expected to be in line to-da'v.
Ihey will wear a rod hat. blue tie. white
pleated shirt and white flannel coat and
trousers. They will be led by the He
brew Orphan Asylum band of twentv
tive pieces. The committee in charge ot
the headquarters is composed of C II
Buck (chairman). J. M. Hanley l/ If'
Meyer. J. S. Earls, A. Wehrman and Dr'
George Van Orden. Tho oillcers of tho
parlor are: Past president, George Neu
millnr; president, J. S. Karls; first vice
president, E. D. Sullivan: second vice
president, W. C. Miller; third vice presi
dent, Iy. Meyer; marshal, C. H. Smith;
Precita's Arrangements.
The parlor has 204 members and will
turn out 12'5 members. Ninety-six will be
dressed in white costumes and their fam
ous drill corps, which numbers thirty-two
members, will appear in the parade in
tneir, brilliant uniforms and maneuver
along tho line of march. A float repre
senting an Alcalde's house will be a fea
ture of their parlor. The hall in which
they are receiving their friends is prettily
decorated in pink and white. The fol
lowing committee is in charge of the en
tertainment: A. Rahwyler, G. L. Alfrltz
O. Ferguson. J. Ktaude, K. I>astreto'
George Harbor. J. Hetty, U K. Derre, i/
Andrews, D. G. Antonovitch and L J
\\ atson.
Song. W. Fenstermacher; violin solo
Carl Kron; recitation. Emil -Lastreto;
song, Raymond French; remarks, Oscar
Ferguson. A. Rahwyler was master of
ceremonies.
Alcalde No. 151 had a merry time last
evening at its haJl. 113S Market street.
The members presented a splendid enter
tainment, danced until a late hour and
served refreshments in generous style.
The $2200 laid aside by tho parlor to spend
during the celebration is being expended
in the right direction, and the lavish en
tertainment offrred by the organization
has won the approval of every guest who
has enjoyed their hospitality. The fol
lowing programme was presented last
night between dances:
In the evening there was another re
ception. Dancing was also enjoyed.
1/os Oso* Parlor is rapidly winning a
name for itself for its liberality and hos
pitaiity. Visitors to their rooms in the
Native Sons* building are given liquid re
freshments, clam juice and fruits. K. J.
Rodriguos. district deputy grand presi
dent and aid to the grand marshal, enter
tained the visitors during the afternoon.
He furnished them with apples, quinces,
cans of clam Juice and shells as souvenirs
of their visit.
Overture by orchestra; remarks by President
of the Day I'aulfon; fancy dance by little
Harolrt Ilnrehers; Bonp-. John N. Ross; guitar
sok>. Jamos, Xounmnn; recitation, Jane I*.
Gaffney; vocal nolo, Mr. Hushes: song. Miss
Alice Keane; fancy dance, Mlas Kdna Martin;
vocal solo, Frank Marron; piano solo, Mrs. G.
Simmons.
Niantic No. 105 entertained Its friends
with refreshments and an excellent pro
gramme in their hall in the Native Sons'
building. Tho programme rendered was
as follows:
Niantic's Entertainment.
Halcyon No. 146 held a reception and
danco on Saturday evening at their head
fiujirtcrs on the top tloor of the Alcazar
building. There was a large attendance
and an enjoyable time was had. Follow
ing are the officers of the parlor: Past
president; \V. B. Kollmyer; president, S.
J. Shannon; first vice president, \V. A.
flunn; second vice president, B. G. Elliott;
third vice president, K. II. Xa.um.an:
treasurer. J. C. Hates Jr.: recording sec
retary. II. O. Tenney; financial secretary.
H. 1>. Clark: marshal. A. 1... Behneman:
trustees— II. IX. L,ipman. F. S. Cone and
J. 11. Knowland: purgeon. Dr. M. \V.
Brown: outside sentinel. T. A. Elsfeld; In
side s»;ntinol, L. A. Hagy.
his county. Refreshments were served to
all those who dropped in to see the mem
bers and the exhibit?.
ONE of the most interesting char
acters of the Native Sons' pa
rade to-day will be Napoleon Bo
naparte Smith, the man who
hauled down the Bea^r Flag at
Sutter Fort and who assisted In
the raising of the Stars and Stripes fur
ever over thfl territory of California. He
Is a very old man who has long passed
the allotted term of man's life, but he is
hearty and lively while bearing his
eighty-three years.
"I came down here at the urgent re
quest of the Native Sons' Committee."
saici Mr. Smith, "but I do not kr.ow
whether or l.ot they will make a monkey
of mo in the parane. I was one of the
founders of this great city and thought
I knew something ar>out it, bit I am lost
and thoroughly afraid to move about. It
gives me pleasure to say that I hauled
down the Bear Flag at Sutttr Fort, and
assisted in the raising of Old Glory.
"It Is not generally known that the rais
ing of the fli'g was the result of the ar
rest of myself, my brother ant? a friend as
spies at the Presidio. It was a case of no
foreigners and we were told that if we
would swear that we were Unglish sub
jects we would be liberated. I refused to
maKe such a declaration and notified the
officer that there was not enough mor>\v
In the whole partv to pay the tine fur
any one of its. The threat of th$ chain
gang maJe no difference, aa we were
American citizens and I told the officials
thai any indignity placed upon us wou'ri
be dearly paid for. 1 ported to a Utttla
man-of-war lying ofT Sausa.ito ar.d sa t d
that If the rights of American citizens
were ignored there would be genuine
trouble I crossed rhe plains in 1S15.
"The arrtst of my party was actually
what led to the organization of the now
f^rr.ous order of Native Sons. What I
mean is that the time came when there
was no consideration for the rights of Ca!
ifornians. and the consequence was that
we pulled down the I<ear Flag- of .the Cal
ifornia republic and hoisted tne Str\r3 and
Stripes. At that time Fremont nad b~en
ordered out of the country and was on
his way to Oregon, when Litutenant Gil
lesple brought the dispatch which in
formed us that war had been declared
with Mexico. Then up went the American
flusj. to stay. The rest is common history.
At the same time I look upon this city
with uncommon wonder and realize that
the future ha!f-cer tury development of
San Francisco will be even more marvfl
oue than that of the last half-century.
Two days here will be all I can stand "
Ships "Won Prizes.
After considering the claims of every
ship on the bay the committee appointed
to give the prizes for the best decorate^
vessel in the bay selected the British ship
Melanope aa the one most deserving
The American ship Emily Reed takes the
place of honor, however. A special prize
was given her, but as she was alongside
the wharf and the ' Melanope was ia thu
stream and had all the elements to con-
Old Napoleon Smith to Be a
Feature of the Parade.
Other Notes.
INCIDENTS OF THE
BIG CELEBRATION
FROM early till late last night Mar
ket street from Second to Ninth
was crowded with a mass of pleas
ure-seeking humanity. Strangers
were there by ten thousands, at
tracted by the fascinating beauty of the
illumination, by the band concerts and
by the crowd they knew would press to
Market street. San Franciscans were out
by thousands to introduce their guesta t.)
the gayety of the night's features of the
celebration. Jft5^^«
Every streetcar ] n£j^Hf sI de street
poured Its strain fjflrJB'n beings into
Market street^RitfUMHP^ss along tho
main artery n Cithc »wy was almost im
possible. A few vehicTS. from open car
riages to gayly decorated express wagon*
with the owners' families aboard, forced
their way slowly through the crowd and
occasionally stood blockaded by the sheer
press of people about them.
Just above Third street and at Fourth
Ftreet. In the vicinity of the band stands.
the gorge was especially remarkable
Kearny street was crowded up as far ai
Bush street. O'Farri;ll street to Mason
and Mason as far up as the Native Sons'
building were equally congested with
jostling, good-natured people, out to seo
all there was to be seon and above every
thing else to enjoy themselves.
Beauty of Illumination flt
tracts Tens of Thousands
to the Gay Promenade.
THRONG AT NIGHT
ON MARKET STREET
his utmost to have th» $3000 appropriation
expected available at an early date.
Rabbi Voorsanger, In the absence of
Julius Kahn, delivered the dedicatory ad
dress. He declared that Supervisor
Charles Boxton had done much to carry
the project through its many trials to tho
perpetuation of his comrade's memory.
Dr. Voorsangpr closed Mr, remarks by
saying: "I.et us unfurl the banner that
Colonel Duboce- so nobly defended." Lit
tle Elsa Prihcr at that moment cut the
cord which held the flag, and members*
of the Army and Navy Parlor hoisted
Old Glory to the top of the staff amid
cheers.
The First Regiment band furnished the
music during the ceremonies.
During the afternoon and evening of
yesterday El Dorado Parlor had dancing.
During the afternoon tho hall in Red
Men's building was well filled, but in the
evening there was a crush, so great tha.t
it was impossible to admit all visitors
who wished to enjoy the hospitality of the
parlor. The dancing hall aa well as the
banquet hall was crowded from early
evening until midnight. The members of
Orinda Parlor of the Native Daughter?
who have been- assisting the El Dorados
to receive guests and visitors, were all
present to make the evening the pleaslnjr
success that It was.
During the evening the parlor was vis
ited by the Veteran Guard of the Grand
Army of the Republic, which is to escort
the members of Stanford in the parade
to-day.
"Tannhauser" (Warner): barcarolle. "On
Southern Shores" (Puerner): "Ave Maria,"
"Cavalleria Rustlcnna" (Mascagnl): celebrated
"Flower Song" (Langey); march. "Pro Patrla"
(Roncovieri).
Grand overture. "The Dedication of the
Temple" (Keler Bela); the celebrated "Larsto"
(Handel); Idylle. "Aubade Printanlere" (La
combe); trombone solo, "The Holy City"
(Adams), Alfred Roncovierl; romance, "Aa
Prlntemps" (Gounod); grand march from
In the evening there was another first
class concert which was greatly enjoyed
by an audience that filled the main hall
and galleries. The evening concert in
cluded tho following numbers:
Yesterday afternoon Stanford Parlor
gave a sacred concert in its hall in Golden
Gate Asylum which was well attended.
The orchestra rendered the following num
bers:
Grand overture. "William Tell" (Rossini);
the celebrated "Minuet" (Bncherini); scenes
from "Lohencrin" (Wagner): from water
scenes "Narcissus" (Nevln); allegretto pastor
ale "MorninK," from Peer Gynt "Suite"
(Grieg): characterise "Graceful l>ance" (Sir
Arthur Sullivan); valse de concert. "Calnn
the" (Holtzman);. cello solo. "Nocturne" <Cho
pin), Louis von der Mehden Jr.; caprice.
"Dawn of Love" (Gebest); march. "Chilkoot"
(Roncovieri).
Among those wl!o were present were
many of the members of visiting parlors.
Odd Fellows' Assembly Hall, in which
Pacific Parlor has i^i headquarters, was
crowded to Its utmoJMIfnit last -night by
members, their rclawesand visitors who
were entertained with a programme made
up of the following numbers:
Overture, "Diademe," Third United States
Artillery Orchestra; Intermezzo. "Cavalleria
Rustlcana" (MascaKni). Third I'nlted States
Artillery Orchestra: "Like the Woodland
Roses" (Franz Malr), Pacific Quartet; piano
solo. "Presto Prilllante" • (Mendelssohn). Miss
Clara Nolan: "Ave Maria" (MUlard). Mrs. A.
McGlaile; tenor solo, "Selected." J. F. Veaco:
flute solo, "Oh! Happy Time, Oh! Blessed
Time," Herman Hchaeffer, accompanied by
Miss Clara Nolan; soprano solo, "Pilgrims of
the Night," Mrs. Kva Tenney, accompanied by
H. J. Stewart; "Coronation March" I Meyer
beer). Third L'nited States Artillery Orchestra:
contralto solo, "Oh! Divine Redeemer"
iGounod). Mrs. J. E. Biminsham, accompanied
by II. J. Stewart: barytone solo. "Stabat
Mater" (Rossini), Robert Lloyd; cornet solo.
"The Palms" (Armand Putz). Musical Direc
tor. Third United States Artillery Hand: so
prano solo. "Hasanna" (Granier). Miss Millie
Flynn, sccompanled by H. J. Stewart: barytone
solo, with violin obligato. "The Holy City."
R. W. Jones; "Forsaken" (Thos. Kosch'M).
Pacific Quartet: "Hearts and Flowers" (To
banl). Third Tnlted States Artillery Orchestra.
Golden Gate Parlor had a very large
number of persons In B'nai B'rlth Hall on
Saturday night, but it was insignificant
compared to the number that crowded into
the hall last night. Many were unable to
gain admittance and wandered away to
visit other parlors, which were also crowd
ed The committee on entertainment, con
sisting of Julius Hiebensheimer. II. C. Pas.
quale, David Wilson, W. T. Hess. E. C
Rust. E. D. Leahy and Fred Cranme, of
fered the following programme that was
received with many marks of approbation:
Selections, 8 to S2:20, Douglas Orchestra:
ragtime, "Old Kpp's Vision"; ta) "Mosquito
Parade." (b) "Ala Tiger Lily." orchestra; se
lections. Hawaiian Quintet: "Cyrus Brownie*
Newton." selected: soprano solo, Mrs. Lena
Gore' Wilson: cornet solo. "Thunderbolt" m<"l
ley. Mlas Allre Kaymond; tenor solo. "Tor All
Eternity" (Adams). Mr. Kurltamp; selection*.
Ceoreo Hammersmith; soprano solo, scl<*:red.
Miss Daisy V. Keane; intermezzo from "Cav
allerla Rustieana." Douglas Orchestra; vocal
eeleetions, Mlas Lillian Wilson: baryton3 soio.
Harry Brown; duet, cornet and trombone,' Miss
Hajmond and Mr. Kurkamn"; lumorlat. W.
J. Hynes; vocal solo, selected, J. P. Veaco;
eth-ctior.s, Hawaiian Quintet.
The parlor will continue to entertain un
til the last of the celebration.
This parlor does not allow any vinous or
spirituous beverages, being the first to
lay that down as a. rule.
rade: selection from the "Bohemian Girl":
two-steD, "Smoky Mokes"; raptime music,
"Warm Enousrh In Dixie"; selection from "II
Trovatore," und popular airs "The Winner."
Flze and condition of the fruits on exhibi
tion. Native Sons were permitted to
sample the wines, and in every instance
pronounced them excellent. In the 'even-
Ing dancing was a part of the fntertain
ment furnished at some of the headquar
ters.
The decorations in the meeting places
of the various parlors have been marked
by a wealth of color. Flags and bunt
ing, cut flowers, potted plants and arti
ficial flowers have been used to convert
the headquarters into beautiful bowers.
At Headquarters.
The Palace Hotel headquarters of the
general committee was crowded all day
yesterday by Native Sons, who called to
pay their respects to old-time acquaint
ances on the committee. There were
present all day long members of the pa
rade committee to assist Colonel Boxton,
the chief of staff, in giving information,
in regard to positions In line and telling
marshals of divisions and aids what they
are expected to do thi3 morning.
It is the intention of the grand marshal
to move immediately upon the giving of
the signal, and nil organizations not in
position it the appointed time will be
relegated to the end of the procession.
JWs variously estimated that the thirty
*«f divisions, with the numerous floats,
win take from three and a half to four
hours in passing a given point. The
grand marshal and chief of staff have in
structed the marshals to have all car
riages, excepting four, driven two abreast
so as to curtail the length of the proces
sion, and no formation will be allowed
to march in less than columns of four.
Whenever practicable all organizations
will be required to march eight abreast.
Throughout the afternoon and evening
the rooms of the Fresno Parlor, In the
Lick House, were thronged with mem
bers of the organization. Refreshments
were served without stint, ana every per
son who visited the headquarters was
made comfortable. Ninety-live members
of the organization are expected to turn
out this morning. The members will wear
white duck trousers, white silk negligee
shirts and straw sombreros. Fulton G.
Berry, familiarly known as the "Com
mordore of Fresno County," will act in
the capacity of mascot in the parade. lie
will be mounted and will be a striking
feature of the parade. George C. Roed
ir.g, v.ho stands 6 feet l'/fc inches In height,
and is built in proportion, will lead the
members on the line of march. He will un
doubtedly attract attention by reason of
the monster sombrero he will wear and
the huge cane he will twirl. The straw
sombrero is large enough to conceal a
man and the cane could be used by a
barbarian for a war club. It is fantasti
cally carved and weighs In the neighbor
hood of twenty pounds.
Reception by Sunset.
Sunset Parlor of Sacramento held a re
ception from 2 to 5 in the banquet hall of
the Lick House. A grand ball will be
given by Its members to-morrow night
nnd It promises to be a very exclusive af
fair. Invitations have be«*n sent to a se
lect number of the friends of the mem
bers. It Is expected that 115 members will
EntertainroeQts, Darjces and
Lavish Hospitality at tfye
Various Headquarters.
OPEN house was the rule at the
headquarters of the local and
visiting parlors yesterday. Mem
bers and friends thronged the
rooms and partook of the lavish
entertainment furnished them. Sou
venirs in the shape of cereals,
fruit and badges were presented to the
visitors. Orchestras regaled their ears
with pk-asing melodies. White-aproned
waiters moved among the throngs attend
ing to the comfort of the guests, and of
ficers and members acted as reception
committees.
The exhibitions of the products and
wines from the various counties proved
Interesting features at the headquarters.
The visitors critically examined the
splendid products and marveled at the
The other features of the concert were
the flute solo by A. Lombardo. the "Greai
Characteristic Slavonian March" bj
Tsehaikowsky and the cornet duet bj
William Mahood and E. Keller. The con
cert closed with the march "Bohemiar
Life."
»
WHERE THE GLAD
HAND IS FOUND
At the conclusion of General Barnes'
address the Golden Gate Park band
struck up the familiar "Star? and
Stripes." The selection proved a fitting
one for the moment, for tho pulse of the
vast throng was at a high tension of en
tnusiasm, and it prepared the way for
what was to follow, an overture, "Immor
tality." dedicated to Mr. Spreckels by A.
Fpadlna. The piece ended with the "Star
ppangled Banner." a refrain that brought
every man with raised hat to his feet.
At the conclusion of the piece Mr. Spreck
elfs stepped to the front of the platform
and gTapped the bandmaster's hand
warmly. '
hours of life, in holiday and Sabbath rt<st. pre
pared with kindly thoughts and emotions to
enjoy the harmonies that sIihII l>e interpreted
to them by the masters <f th» orchestral In
struments of this age and thr.pe of ag?s to
o«>me. And as the volume of population p-ows
and Fim-ads homes of beauty and refinement
over the hills that overlook this spot, their prcu.l
<ii-nizens. as w«H as the humble pilgrims from
the crowiiwi urban streets, will remember with
gratitude this stately tribute to muflcal art
given l>y our fellow citizen and friend. Claus
Bpredcels.
Native Daughters.
I*a Estrella Parlor, Native Daughters of
the .Golden West, have very pretty head
quarters in the rnorr.s occupied by the
Golden Gate Park Driving Association,
Palace Hotel. The interior is decorated in
wide blue and pink ribbons, cut flowers,
potted plants and Hags. Mrs. E. Aigeltin
ger. Miss Emily Mclnerney and Mrs. .i^m
ma Therbaeh did the honors at the re
ception yesterday and they were assisted
by the members of the parlor. Twenty
two members will. march in the parade to
day. They will tie dressed in white cos
tumes and carry wands. A magnificent
star resting on pneumatic wheels will be
pushed^along by two small boys dressed m
pretty costumes.
Rincon Parlor No. 72 entertained fully
two thousand people at its headquarters
in Pythian Castle yesterday afternoon. A
juvenile entertainment was the feature
a'nd the fair sex turncol out in large num
bers to see the performance. Tho hall m
which the programme was rendered was
inadequate to accommodate the vast
throng, and the adjoining halls, which
are a part of the headquarters, wera
pressed into uso for dancing and for dis
tributing refreshments. Thomas H.
Vivian, past president of the parlor, acted
as stage manager and the following num
bers were presented under his direction:
Song- by Baby (Irace Allen; rag time selec
tions. Master Kddlo O'Brien; comic recitation,
Irfno Kesbitt; hornpipe. Miss Ethel Vivian;
piano solo. Miss Marion Brown; Scotch special
ties. Master J. Prosper Forrest; song anrl
dance, Blanche Tarlease; sons and dance. Miss
Edith Fleming: Irish Jiff and reel. Miss Bessie
Allen; fancy dance. Baby Carlyie; Cakewalk,
Marguerite and John Cronin; toe dance, Flor
ence Holman: recitation. Miss Madeline
Walsh: duet. Mary Uucey and Frank Carroll;
buck and win?. Miss Bessie Allen; Cakewalk,
Forrest and Tralense.
During the entertainment the members
and their friends enjoyed a dance in an
adjoining hall. Robert J. Wilson acted as
floor manager.
"Assessor George Hofmeister did the
honors at the headquartf-rs of Placerville
parlors in the Alcazar building. v Mr. Hof
meister pointed with pride to the rosy
apples that reposed on the trays, and
called attention to tho other products of
be in the line of march to-day, and they
will all wear white duck suits, rhoes and
ha.ts. The officers (if the parlor are:
Frank T. Devlin, president; Chnrlos
Goethe, vice president; and Frank Kahn,
rccretaxy. B. Prldeaux <>f Sacramento did
the honors during the afternoon and
evening.
The rooms of Ramona Parlor, which arc
in the Grand Hotel, were well filled
throughout the d;iy. Refreshments were
served and music was furnished for tlvc
occasion. The Cabeheros, who number
rr.ore than fifty, will receive their friendi
in that costume to-night. It Is very pruli
nblp that some of th«- members will not r><;
able to appear on the scene after riding
the horses which have been furnished
them for the occasion. As one member
aptly put It. "some of us will ho better
able to rocoive sympathy and not visitors
after we dismount from our fiery steeds. "
Terba Ruena No. 74 has headquarters in
the 1'nlaeo Hotel. The suite has been
decorated very beautifully. The popular
ity of the parlor was shown yesterday by
the hundreds of visitors who crossed the
h'ippitable threshold. C. A. Henry, l^iw
rence P. Walsh. Joseph E. O'Donnell and
Dan Suter. four well known members of
the organization, were at home to receive
friends. A corps of waiters attended to
the wants of the guests and an orchestra
rendered popular music throughout the
afternoon and evening. The parlor has>'
decided to spend more than two thousand
dollars to fittingly entertain their gue3ts.
Newspaper men throughout the State
who have eomo to this city to participate
in and to report the celebration have
found joy and comfort in the rooms of the
press committee in the Palace Hotel. Here
the Bcribea have not only been refreshed
with liquids of all kinds" but the inmr
man has been satisfied with tooflisomo
sandwiches and other delectable morsels.
K. Myron Wolfe plays the host to perfec
tion. He extends a glad hand that is aa
capacious as the appetites of the visitors
to the rooms.
March. "California Parlor": overture, "Or
pheus"; waltz, "Artist's -Life," selection from
"Lucia de Lammermoor" ; Waskowskl's sere-
California Parlor No. 1 had a rush of
visitors yesterday afternoon in its beauti
ful quarters in the Palace Hotel, who were
entertained with a musieale. During the
afternoon the. parlor was the recipient of
two beautiful tloral pieces. In the even
ing it was not a rush, but a crush. So
great was the number of ladies and gen
tlemen who called that it was found nec
essary to close the door against the num
ber of people who crowded the long cor
ridor, then form them into line and allow
as many to enter by one door as passed
out through another. This parlor has
opened a register on which all who visit
are requested to place their autographs.
The evening entertainment was In the
nature of a concert, which Included the
following numbers:
Piedmont Parlor No. 120 entertained
friends at Central Park yesterday. Re
freshments were served in the promenade
gallery and in the evening a sacred con
cert was given. W. H. L. Hynes, J. J.
Gallagher, H. F. Siler, \V. J. Backus and
Colonel T. I'. Robinson are looking out for
the comfort of the guests. Mrs. L.. Mur
den. Miss Jennie Brown, Mrs. Nellie
Dikes Mrs. Li Me Moran and Mrs. T.
Paul, members of Piedmont Parlor of
tho Native Daughters, have proven them
selves admirable hostess.es.
Piedmont Hospitality.
James II. Robhurjrh (chairman), I* B. Dag
pett (vice chairman), Dr. H. A. Andrews (sec
retary). C. F. Uuttle, C. H. Rush, R. P. Doolan,
Charles H. Ehlert, Charles Ti. Fenn, L. H.
Kohn. Charlrs P. Lamoge, William D. Moller,
H. T. Shepston. Ed F. Slebert. George P. Thel
lar, Herbert Zecker. Miss Mary Waters, Miss
Julia Moller. Miss Annie F. Lacy, Miss Lucy
Uelnke. Mrs. C. H. Ehlert.
The joint parlor 9th of September com
mittee consists of the following members:
Past president, George B. Scott: president,
Charles R Fenn; first vice president, EJ S.
Plebert; s<icond vice president, William D. Mol
ler; third vice president, Herbert Zecker: re
cording secretary, James H. Roxburgh; finan
cial secretary, James II. Roxburgh: treasurer,
Harry T. Shepston; marshflCftir. H. A. An
drews: inside sentinel, H. if&m: outside son
tln»l. W. S. Morse; truKtpc-ssHpF-d f. Struven,
Joseph McLauRhlin, S. Scott; surgeons. Dr. H.
A. Andrews. Dr. W. B. Coftey. Dr. R. T.
Legge, Dr. Thomas Maher.
The officers of Hesperian Parlor are
Past president. Miss Blanch Cnnlin; presi
dent, Mlsa Mattle Karris; first vice president.
Miss May Layton: second vice president. Miss
Annla K. Lacy; third vice president. Miss Lucy
Kelnke; marshal, Mlsa Ko^/fflynlth; treasurer,
Miss ilary K. Waters; Mra|n!: ?tM-r*>tary.
Mis-« Rosa Boll: financial se'WpFy, Miss Kmma
C BreilinR: trustees. Mrs. Ance Drlscol, Mrs.
S. 1*. Daggett, Mrs. Emma Schofield; inside
sentinel, Miss Mary Illegal; outside sentinel.
Miss Margaret Dunn; physician. Dr. Louise P.
Deal.
The officers of Las Lomas Parlor are:
Overture. Hesperian Orchestra: vocal solo
(mezzo soprano). MIfs Virginia Silvera: quar
tet, "The Soldier's Farewell." E. M. Cuahman
(first tenor), William Johnson (second tenor),
C. S. II ill'Mi.-in (first basso), H. J. Crate (second
basso); cornet solo, Schubert's "Serenade,"
Miss Maggie Bassett, accompanied by Miss
Mamie Harryhousen: selections, Hesperian Or
chestra: barytone solo, J. McGutre . accompa
nied by Miss Irma Kicoll; recitation. E. J.
Hewelcke; banjo solo, W. B. Kohn; selections.
Hesperian Orchestra: tenor solo, "Holy City."
A. \V. Scholler; California Mandolin and Guitar
dub; vocal solo, Charles Cunningham; piano
solo, Herbert Thsyer; vocal solo. Miss Paulino
Grant: selections, Hesperian Orchestra: read-
Ing, Ml&s Mabel Itlchardson; cornet solo, J.
Fitzgerald; basso solo. "Calvary." J- J- Lyons;
duet. Miss Lizzie Hoy and Miss Maffgle Mur
phy; tenor solo, Carl Seely; "Good Night,"
Hesperian Orchestra.
Hesperian Parlor Xo. 137 and Las Lomas
No. 72 have combined and have opened
headquarters in Hoover Hall, Market arid
Tenth streets. During the past two days
the members of both organizations have
entertained their friends lavishly. Last
nifrht an entertainment and dance was
Riven under the auspices of the parlors.
The following' literary programme was
rendered:
treasurer, A. "Wehrman: Inside sentinel.
James Quinn; outside sentinel. C. Se
grave.
Arctic '•lrcle to the equator. We!! rr.ay the
p-ts of California oxu'.t "with Joy unspeakable
er.ii full of jrVry."
Fifty y«?arK have rasped since the star of
I'lllfonila flirt ap|»-«rfd in the national con
¦*-- + Ftel!ati"n. yet the
THE NATIVE SON! Jg;^ £
HOLDS m<-.re illustrious
•t-i »T7 crPPTPP *l«n than hers. It
4— 1 — > 4- to realize the
I rr-frr*-z*\nn at these f.v* .Ir-cades— of these t«)
\> n.ratinns .>r raon. Then the indigenous pop
ulation was F,->arse. ru.ie ail i>a?=tor3l. Al!
moile» uerp primitive nn.l i!tp social system.
Fti<-h as it was. wholly pttrUrcbaL «'ur lan
pi'ape and our cttstomes w^n 1 Ftrange hp.<5 for-
«"f>n-.rr.util<^atiin with the outside wcritl
¦nss tedious and !nfr<--<)He:H. end to the i>|o
rt-erF nf modf-m drtllntlon the degerta were
u»i»> deadly than th? perill of the ocean. The
Pao-fic Khoj-p. the thunder of who^e breakers
« t.»> Dnjrsmrtnjc ti> <-ur can", nas the limit
<>f the wtldest dream of ABWrtcan sovereignty
and Amt-iicr-n copuaenc halted aad retired
fn>m comri^titlon - •••'. otter nations f,>r tho
trade of the Orient. There way no prophecy In
th^=« Bunhurn^ plains, in th«*e lonp month*
of droucht and torrid heat, of that marvelous
fprundity of foil uhi^h ha? made California
one .if the world* ohior eranariPB. wlii'.e fruits
of all the zonr* «re here rroauo«vl and are
fluthing the markets of civilization. Her i>op
uiatlnn is no lonper immigrant. The pioneer
ft ill holds his place In our admiring affections.
!"!t i he scepter is in the hands of the native
p->n. S«-ience and art are well established in
tec hv.ic schoMs and universities whose scholar
eblp mauntit as high and descends as deep as
that of the best of the nation* and whose eair-r
rative-born studrnt? are counted bv thou»ands
WITH OPEN HEART AND OPEN HAND
PARLORS GREET FRIEND AND STRANGER
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAtiL, 31ONDAY, S15J^r^J3Xi5JCiit lu, iwuu.
2
SOME PEOPLE AND SOME THINGS THEY ARE DOING TO HELP THE CELEBRATION.
THE NATIVE SON;
HOLDS
THE SCEPTER
ARCHITECTURAL
POEM
SET TO MUSIC
| TO-DAY'S PROGRAMME. j
t '^^^^^§^^^S^S^^ Grand parade starts at 1O A. M. Re- ]\
t view by the Governor and Grand Mar- i'.
t .^^p^r^^^SM'^l Shal at the corner of p ost street and Van t
± Literary exercises at N. S. G. W. Hall
j at 8 o'clock P. M. There will be ad- Pc^^*^W^!f^^ ±
t dresses of welcome, responses, poetry M^^^f^^^^^^^^ f t
X and music. -^ •*•
¦r J^^^^^^\W^^^M^! Display of fireworks at the end of f
5 Van Ness avenue, on United. States £
? '^^^^^^W-fW^^' Governrnent military reservation, near t
£ After the literary exercises and py- j§^^J*Ssii^8Sa»sss^ss3<?
j roteehnic displays the several parlors t
:|: will hold receptions at their headquar- JS^s^^^J^^Ps^ *
$ ters in various parts ol" the city. Cali- g^^^^ffe^^^^yJSSi ?
£ fornia hospitality will be dispensed to all visitors and remain t
5 constantly on tap. j *IGULF AND BAY ABE
FILLED WITH WRECKAGE
HOUSTON, Sept. 9.— Mr. Joyce, another
refugee from Galveston. makes the fol
lowing statement: "The gale was blow
ing Saturday- night at about seventy-flve
miles an hour, blowing the water from
the gulf and completely covering the city.
The people of Galveston did not think
it was much at first and kept withir:
their homes. Consequently when the wind
began blowing as it did and the water
dashing against the houses, completely
demolishing them, many lives were lost.
In Hardln County a large amount of
lumber was blown down and there was
much damage to property at Village Mills.
No damage was done at Corpus Christ!
or Rockport on the lower coast.' At Rich
mond .three negroes were killed by the
collapse of a church and three others were
killed near there. One also was killed at
Booth. No names were obtainable.
At Fulshear fifty houses were blown
down. One person was killed near the
town by a falling house.
Many houses were unroofed at Lexing
ton and their contents ruined by the rain.
Forty-two dwelling houses were wrecked
at Wallls.
At Rosenburg, in addition to the dam
age to residences, the opera-house and the
Baptist Church were wrecked. Several
persons were Injured, Mrs. Coots, an aged
lady, probably fatally. Three persons
were killed In the county near here, name
ly. Rev. Mr. Watson.. Mrs. L. J. Cantrell
and a man named Herman.
At Eagle Lake the damage amounts to
$250,000 to the rice and cotton crops and
to residences.
At Altair fruit trees were blown out of
the ground and residences leveled.
At Rock Island the Baptist Church was
totally wrecked and several residences
unroofed.
9
so. .Every business house and residence
suffered to a greater or less extent. The
fire apparatus is under the ruins of the
city hall and a guard is maintained for
fire duty.
At Guston stores were unroofed and
residences destroyed.
Not a house in the town of Chapelhlll
esbaped damage and many were demol
ished. Business houses also suffered and
a fine cotton gin is a complete wreck.
At Brenham the court house was nearly
wrecked and the city hall was completely
HOUSTON (Tex.), Sept. 9.— At Walter
half the houses in the town were demol
ished. The South Texas Baptist College
is badly damaged and the school house ia
a wreck. ."? ."::^
FATALITIES IN THE
INTEEIOE DISTBICTS
The foregoing message Is addressed to
Superintendent Felton of Dallas, and
comes from Mr. Vaughan, manager of the
Western Union ofllce at Houston. v
Two men were picked up tVho floated
across to the mainland, and they ray thi.y
estimate thf loss of life up to the time
they left at 2000.
Two hundred corpses were counted
from tXe train. A large st;a'mcr is
stranded two miles this side of Virginia
Point, as though thrown up by a tidal
wave. Nothing can be seen of Galveston.
DALLAS. Sept. 9.— The following tele
gram just received from Houston says:
A relief train has just returned. They
could not get closer than six miles of Vir
ginia Point, where the prairie was cov
ered with lumber, debris, pianos, trunks
and dead bodies.
but could go no further. They were both
overturned and the cars washed entirely
off the right of way, the crews escaping.
They sot about at once In tho work of res
cuing the people who lived there. Up to
yesterday aftefnoon they had recovered
twenty-live bodies,- ten of whom were
women, and the work is still going on.
G. Rocsing, a contractor, who lives in
the Bruner district, came in from Genoa,
where he had been constructing a school
building, and reported that every building
in tho town had been blown down and
made a total wreck, with but one or two
possible exceptions.
COUNTED HUNDREDS
OF DEAD BODIES
Conductor Powers reports that the two
freight trains, one on the International
and /Great Northern, the other on the
Missouri, Kansas and Texas, which left
Houston at 10:30 o'clock Saturday # morn
ing, arrived at .Virginia Point in safety.
NEW ORLEANS, Sept. 9.— A special
from Houston, Texas, says: In the relief
train which Conductor Powers brought in
from Virginia Point to-night was his own
son, who lay in the baggage car a corpse.
Powers was employed at Virginia Point
as a baggage watchman and was 20 years
of a.ge. He had distinguished himself as
a life saver at Texas City, having res
cued many people. After saving the lives
of others he himself was drowned by an
accident.
BRINGS BACK BODY
OF HIS HEROIC SON
TYLER, Tex., Sept. 9,— A heavy wind
and rain storm visited this nlace this
morning, causing considerable damage in
tho business part of the town and con
tinuing at a steady rate from the north
until 7 a. m. Great damage has been done
to crops. The roof was blown off the
First National Bank and considerable loss
sustained. A number of small buildings
were wrecked.
BRYAN. Tex.. Sept. 9.— A terrific hur
ricane visited this section to-day. Trees,
fonces, signs, awnings, windows and out
houses were blown down, tin roofs torn
from brick buildings, show windows
smashed and merchandise damaged. Tho
greatest damage in this section is to the
cotton crop, which is blown out and
twisted up In bad shape, involving heavy
loss.
$16,000. The big Masonic Temple, which
is the property of the Grand Lodge of the
State, was partly wrecked. Nearly every
church in the city was damaged. Tho
First Baptist, Southern Methodist and
Trinity Methodist, the latter a negro
church, will have to be rebuilt before
they can be used again. Many business
houses were unroofed. The residence
portion of the town presents a dilapltated
appearance, but the damage in this part
of the city has not been so great as in
some others.
MRS. JUDSON PALMER, wife of .the
secretary of the Y. M. C. A. %
MRS. P. LEVINE and six children.
MRS. JOHN BOONE and three children.
CAPTAIN PIX rnd family.
DR. SAWYER.
MRS. M. J. O'KEEFE.
JOE M. McNAMARA.
MRS. CLAUDE FORDTRAM.
MRS. SARAH SUMNER.
MRS. GEORGE REED.
MR. and MRS. JOHN BECKER and
four children.
appeal to the outside world for aid. The
estimates of loss of life vary between
the figures given, but an accurate count
of the dead is Impossible- now, and the
real number killed in the storm will
probably never be known. ¦
The following is a partial list of the
dead:
STANLEY G.' SPENCER.
RICHARD LORD.
CHARLES KILMER.
MRS. GKORGE BURNETT and child.
MRS. GEARY BURNETT and child.
QAL.VESTOX. Tex., Sept. 10.—
Six hundred to one thousand
Persons killed, a city almost in
ruins, the wharf front entirely
gone, every ocean steamer
stranded, and death and de
struction on every hand, with a money
loss that cannot be estimated now, Ms, so
far as can be learned at this hour, the re
sult of the appalling calamity that has
befallen Galveston.
The great storm has left her helpless
and her stricken people are compelled to
Communication Established at an Early Hour
This Morning With the Stricken City.
DALLAS, Tex., Sept. 9^-The Missouri,
Kansas and Texas northbound flyer was
wrecked at Sayres early this morning.
One passenger was injured.
NORTHERN FLYER
WRECKED AT SAYEES
MEMPHIS, Tenn.. Sept. 9. -A special to
PORT ARTHUR UNDER
FOUR FEET OF WATER
the" Commercial-Appeal from New Or
leans says: !
"A dispatch from St. Charles, La.,
states that passencers from Port Ajthur,
Tex., report that town four feet under
water. One of the New York Dredge
Company's boats was wrecked, and sev
eral lives have been lost._
COHASSET, Mass.. Sept. 9.— The excur
sion steamer John PJndicott. on the Bos
ton and Plymouth line, struck a sunken
rock just east of MInots I-lght thi3 after
noon and tore a hole In her side, so that
she was obliged to run full steam for the
shore off Xorth Scituate. where^he foun
dered. There were on board COO passen
gers at the time of the accident, but by
the hasty use of all her lifeboats, and
with assistance from the boats near by,
every person aboard was saved.
EXCURSION STEAMER
STRIKES SUNKEN ROCK
NEW ORLEANS. Sept. 9.— The damage
in the storm-stricken section along the
Mississippi River, starting thirty miles
below this city and reaching to the gulf,
is $100,000 to the rice crop and a like
amount to truck farms, cattle, poultry
and other property. Tho river rose six
feet during the storm and flooded the
country through which It 'passed. The
disabled steamer Oteri was towed Into
Port Eads with everybody aboard well.
She will be towed to this city for repairs.
STORM MOVES ALONG
THE MISSISSIPPI
HOUSTON*. Sept. •>.— The Santa Fe train
which left here at 7:55 Saturday night
was wrecked at a point about wo miles
north of Alvin. Mrs. Prather of Rosen
berg. Tex., was killed, and several other3
were injured.
The train was running slowly when it
encountered the heavy storm. It is re
ported that the train was literally lifted
from the track. Mrs. Prather was thrown
across the car and half way through a
window. When the car was reached it
was found that her head had been un
der water, and she was drowned. Sev
eral passengers. Engineer John Martin,
Fireman Thomas Doyle and Conductor
M. H. Donnelly were killed.
SANTA FE TBAIN IS .
LIFTED FROM THE THACK
The lat** peaches, which were plentiful
and which had been sold in advance, were
swept clean from the trees. In Central
Texas 50,000 late peach trees have been
planted within the last three years. The
crop of fruit on these trees is all gone,
and also other late fruits. The vineyaTds
present a scene of desolation.
WACO. Tex.. Sept. 9.— The wind blew
tempestuously here from 3 o'clock this
morning until 5 this afternoon, the chief
damage being to fruit trees and the cot
ton crop. The cotton plantations in the
Brazos Valley look as if armies had
fought battles in them, the plants being
laid flat on the ground. The .wind blew
sixty to seventy miles an hour for four
tc.cn hours before subsiding.
DESOLATION IN
THE COTTON FIELDS
"I was in the storm which struck Gal
veston in 1S75, but that one. bad as it
was, was nothing in comparison with
Saturday's. The Gulf and bay are full of
wreckage of every description and it
seems as If ever? frame house in the
town must have been blown down and
knocked to pieces. Judging from the
amount of driftwood that Is floating
about. I am going back to Galveston
jus; as soon as I can to find my sister's
body and those of her children."
I have no idea how many lives were lost,
but think there will be several thousand
deaths reported besides many people
whom we will know nothing about.
In Houston one person was killed—
Henry Black, a hack driver. The, prop
erty damage is great, a conservative esti
mate placing It at $250,000. The Merchants'
and Planters' Oil Mill was wrecked, en
tailing a loss of $40,000. The Dickson Car
wheel Works Buffered to the extent of
Three persons wore drowned at Mor
gans Point and othc-rs are missing. With
the exception of those of Mr. Nicholson
and Mrs. Jane Woodlock, the bodies of
the dead have not yet been Identified.
The bodies have been brought in irom
Seabrooke, on GalveFton Bay. and seven
teen persons are mis^ins there.
HOUSTON. Sept. 9— Sabine Pass has not
been heard from to-day. Yesterday morn
ing the last news was received from
there, and at that time the water was
surrou"n<!ing the old town at the pass and
the whvl was rising and the waves com
ing higher. From the new town, which
1? some distance back, it was reported
that the water had reached the depot and
was running through the streets. The
people are leaving for the high country
known as the Lark ridge, and it is be
lieved th.it all escaped.
MANY MISSING
AT SEABROOKE
There is no way of estimating the prop
erty damage at present. So far as ho
could see or hear, Mr. Timmins says the
east end of the city, which iB tho residence
fiislrict. has been practically wiped out of
existence. On the west end, which faces
the gulf, another portion of the island,
very much havoc was done. The beach
was swept clean, the bath houses are de
stroyed and many of the residences are
total wrecks. » r /
Provisions will be badly needed, as a
great majority of the people lost all they
nad. The waterworks power house was
wrecked and a water famine is threat
ened, as the cisterns •were all ruined by
the overflow of snlt water. This Mr. Tim
mins regard? .is the most serious problem
to be faced now. The city is in darkness,
the electric plant having been ruined.
Provisions Needed.
The city of GaJveston. he said, is now
entirely submerged and cut off from com
munication. The boats are gone, the rail
ways cannot be operated and the water
is so high that people cannot ¦walk out
hy way of the bridge across the bay,
even should that bridge be standing.
In the bay the carcasses of nearly 200
horses and mules were seen, but no' hu
man body was visible. The scones during
the storm. Mr. Timmins said, could not
be described. Women and children were
crowded into the Tremont Hotel, where
he was seeking shelter, and all night these
unfortunates were bemoaning their loss
of kindred and fortune. They were group
ed about the stairways and in the gal
leries and rooms of the hotel. "What was
occurring in other parts of the city he
eould only conjecture.
Mourning for Lost Ones.
tions were generally crowded and as they
were substantial ouildings the chances
are that many persons had taken refuge
in them.
The water extended across the island.
Mr. Timmins said it was three feet deep
in the rotunda of the Tremont Hotel and
'six feet d«^ep In Market street.
Merchandise Destroyed.
Along the water front the damage was
very great- The roofs had been blown
from all the elevators and the gheds along
the wharves were either wrecked or had
lost their sides and were of no protection
to the contents. Most of the small sailing
craft were wrecked and were either piled
up on the wharves or floating bottom side
up in the bay. There Is a small steamship
ashore thrr«» miles north of Pelican Isl
and, but Mr. Timmins could not distin
guish her name. She was flying a British
flag. Another l*ig vessel had been driven
ashore at Virginia Point and still another
is aground at Texas City.
At the south point of Houston Island
an unknown ship lies in a helpless con
dition.
The lightship thnt marks Galveston bar
is hard and fast aground at Bollivar Point.
Mr. Timmins and the men with him
on the schooner /e.«oued two sailors from
the middle bay who had heen many hours
in the water. These men were foreigners
and he could gain no information from
them.
A wreck of a vessel which looked like
a large steam tug was observed just be
fore the party landed.
SCENE ON WATER FRONT AT GALVESTON AND HAP OF THE INUNDATED DISTRICT.
HOT.-PTON. Tex.. Sept. 9.— The
West Indian storm which
reached the Gulf coast yester
day morning has wrought
awful havoc In Texas. Re
ports are conflicting, but it is
nown that an appalling disaster has be
'.:> v. the city of Galveston. where it is
reported a thousand or more lives have
a "..intred out and a tremendous prop
. r\ o (image mf.icted. Meager reports
'rom Sabine Pass and Port Arthur also
odfeate heavy loss of life, but these re
l% cannot be confirmed at this hour.
'; ! ¦•¦¦ first new? to reach this city from
..'.• stricken city of Galveston was re
> ¦'•! to-n5jrht. James C. Timmins of
i'"i;st^n. grrneral superintendent of the
S ;.:'.' vpA Compress Company, arrived
¦ r- at * o'clock to-nip-ht from Galveston.
\1'.r>r r^Tr.aininBT through the hurricane he
'•¦; :irt ¦ <i from Galveston on a schooner
.:.¦: <itnp across the bay to Morgan's
i'oir.t. where he caught a train for Hous
¦¦-. The hurricane. Mr. Timmins said,
iraa the worst ever known.
• • siimates made by citizens of Gal
¦ :-, was that J000 houses, most of them
•:• :ic<--s. iteveaNeen destroyed, and that
.: least lOOOifM^Ple have been drowned.
! or are missing. Some business
i were also destroyed, but most of
~tr>rid t though badly diimag^d.
Town Completely Wrecked.
• dtjr, Mr. Timmins. avers, is a com
p i •¦¦ so far as he could see from
•- water front and from the Tremont
Hotel. Water was blown over the island
by the hurricane, the wind blowing at the
r?.tc of eierhty miles an hour, straight
from the pulf. a.nd forcing the sea water
before it in big waves, The gale was a
steady one. the heart of it striking the
:ity about 5 o'clock yesterday evening
iTid continuing without intermission until
midr.icht last night, when it abated
somewhat, although It continued to blow
all night.
Of his own knowledge Mr. Timmins
kne-w of hut one h«vjs»_- with
fatal results, though many residences
were carried away, with the inmates.
The house that he saw destroyed was
Bitter's saloon and restaurant, at 21C9
strand street, a r>rm<~ipa! business street
sf the city. This three-story building was
blown down and nine men, prominet citi
les, were killed. It was reported that the
orphan asylum and both hospitals were
flestroyed. ar.d if this proves true the
loss of life will be preat. as these tnstitu-
Definite Information Is larklnc.
The report* received no fnr hare a
conaer-ratlve trend, and when the
fact* are made known It 1* proba
ble that the fatalitle* will far ex
rcfd the eric inn! cr.tlmate.
Steamer* are reported nsrround at
fieveral joint*. No one known their
nn.me», whence they came or the
fate of their crew*. Drtdarex have
been swept away, railway track*
are *nbmerfred nnd disasters to
trulns have been reported.
The loud of Hfe In only- a matter
of rnnjrrtnrr. but nocorillnK to n»o*t
nnthentlc pxtlmntr* it vrill run well
up into the tliotiKundn. The city of
Gnli-enton l« entirely nnder water
and It 1« nlmowt lmpo«»lble to ob
tain any reliable information re
cardlne condition* there. ltnilil-
Inct were nnrnnfrd by the wind and
their occupant* drowned ont by the
torrents of rain nnd the tidal uavc
vrfifch Mirpt np from the Gulf of
Mexico.
Three thentand pemons art re
ported to harr met dmtb In the «e
r#»re Ktorm wlileh nwept over the
entire Gnl( Const find the property
lot* la InrnlrnlRhlr. Texas eitle»
nre liitinrinted ami the brnckf«t»
vratcr which noir fill* their ntreet*
hc«n Bpon ttn xnrfaoe bloated
bndlm and tons of flotonm and J<*t
¦nm once part and parcel of happy
Ii (intern.
Efforts to Reach Suf
ferers Prove Un
availing*
Island City Cut
Off From
Outside World.
THOUSANDS OF DEAD STREW
THE RUINS OF GALVESTON
HOUSTON. Tex.. Sept. 9.-Gal
veston remains isolated. Ef
forts were made to get spe
cial trains and tugs to-day
with which to reach the isl
and city. The railroad com
panies declined to risk their
locomotives.
All sorts of rumors prevail, but with no
substantial basis. It is known that the
railroad bridges across the bay at Oalves
ton are either wrecked or are likely to be
destroyed with the wetpht of a train on
them. Tho approaches to the wagon
bridge are gone and It is rendered use
less.
The bridge of the Galveston. Houston
and Northern Railroad is landing, but the
drawbridges over Clear Creek and at
Edgewater are gone and the road cannot
get trains throush to utilize the bridge
across the bay.
A train went down the Columbia Tap
road this afternoon as far as Chenango.
The town was greatly damaged and the
bodies of nine negroes were taken from
the ruins of one house. The train could
proceed no further and came back to
Houston, leaving the fate of the people
at Angleton. Columbia. Brazora, Velasco
and Quintana uncertain.
The town of Alvin la reported to be
practically demolished. Hitchcock has
suffered severely from the storm, while
the little town of Alta Loma is reported
without a house standing. The town of
Pearl has lost one-half of its buildings.
President Carlton of the BusineTa
League of Alvin and a prominent mer
chant there, reports that not a building li
left standing In the town, either business
or residence; stocks of goods and house
furniture are ruined and crops are a total
less.
The small town of Brookshlre on the
Missouri. Kansas and Texas, was almost
wiped out by the storm. The crew of a
work train brought this information.
"When the train left there the bodies of
four persons had been recovfred and the
search for others was proceeding.
Ilempstead, across the country from
Brookshire. was also creatly damaged.
Not a House Stand
ing in Alta -or
Alta Loma*
Havoc Wrought
in Many
Texas Cities
' Great Elevators and Tall Buildings
Crumble and Ships Pile Up in Wrecks
Hurricane's Sweep in Texas Metropolis
Drives the Sea Over the III-Fated City
THE SA> T FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 10, 1900.
3
THREE THOUSAND LIVES ARE LOST.
?
CtlEW YORK, Sept. 9. — The World to-morrow will print the following:
"( "AUSTIN, Tex., Sept. 9. — Information has just reached me that about
3000 lives have been lost at Galveston, with enormous destruction of
property.
11 No information from other points. JOSEPH D. SAVERS, Governor."
GALYESTON'S TALE OF HORROR
REACHES AN AWESTRUCK WORLD
ADVERTISEMENTS.
EAGlfpDL
And Men's
Furnishing Goods,
A veijr large «=took to select from
of all the Latest Novelties.
RELIABLE GOODS
FACTORY PRICES.
74S and 759 MARKET STBELT,
K-»t. Kcarny anJ Grant'Ave.
242 MONTGOMERY STREET.
N. S. G. W.
B E^3LE.1ATiC CARDS 75c w 100, 0
[ > For Sale at 504 Post St., B
B Around the corner from N. 8. O. W. n
> building. • a
ADVERTISEMENTS.
f " 'IFT'|i'i-'^!E['''|j^vi]If TP^
W["^Pw :l 1'j
ipllllli"|]iiMriB
I A warm snap
for cold snaps ;
a chance to get
an overcoat for
winter at a dis-
count.
You'll need
one soon, so you
better choose
now while
stocks are big
and prices little.
All kinds, in
all shades and
shapes and
styles ; raglans,
top coats, ulsters,
storm coats, and
dress coats.
Marked from
$5 to S20 and
from now until
Saturday night
10 per cent off
' these marked
prices.
A chance to
save you cannot
well afford to
miss."The Commissioners will endeavor, without
interference to the military authorities of the
TJr.'ted .States, now In control of the Philip
pines, to ascertain what amelioration in the
condition of the Inhabitants and what improve
ments In public order may be practicable, and
for this purpose they will study attentively
the existing social and political state of the
various populations, particularly as regards the
forms of local government, the administration
of justice, the collection of customs and other
taxes,, the means of transportation and the
need of public improvements. They will re
port* • • the results of their observations
and reflection! and recommend such executive
action aa may from time to time seem to
them wise and. useful. The Commissioners are
hereby authorized to confer authoritatively with
any persons resident In the Islands from whom
"In the performance of their duties the com
missioners are enjoined to meet at the earliest
possible day in the city of Manila nnd to an
nounce by a public proclamation their presence
and the mission intrusted to them, carefully
anting forth that while the military govern
ment already proclaimed is to be maintained
and continued so long as necessity may require,
efforts will be made to alleviate the burden
of taxation, to establish Industrial and com:
mercial prosperity and to provide for the safety
of persons nnd of property by such means
as may be found conducive to these ends.
Their Instructions contained the following
In order to facilitate the most humane, pacific
and effective extension of authority throughout
these islands and to secure with the least possi
ble delay the benefits of a wise and generous
protection of life and property to the inhabi
tants. I appointed in January, 1899. a cornmis
misftlon consisting of the Hon. Jacob Gouhl
Sehurmann of New York, Admiral George
Dewey, U. S. N. ; Charles Denby of Indiana,
Professor Dean C. Worcester of Michigan and
Major General Elwell E. Otis, U. S. A.
Instructions to Philippine Commission
•„'• • . • The military, commander of the
United States Is enjoined to make known to
the inhabitants of the Philippine Islands that.
In succeeding to the sovereignty of Spain, in
severing the former political relations of the
Inhabitants and in establishing a new political
power, the authority of the United States Is to
be exerted for the securing of persons and
property of the people of the islands and for
the confirmation of all their previous rights
nnd relations. It will be the duty of the com
mander of. the forces of occupation to announce
and proclaim in the most public manner that
we come not as invaders or con
querors, but as friends to protect the
natives in their homes, in their em
ployment and in their personal and
religious rights."
Twenty days thereafter, on l>ecember 21, the
following direction was given to the com
mander of our forces In the Philippines:
From the standpoint of Indemnity both the
archipelagoes (Porto Rico and the Philippines)
are insufficient to pay our war expenses, but,
aside from this, do we not owe an obligation
to the people of the Philippines which will not
permit us to return them to the sovereignty of
Spain? Could we Justify ourselves In such a
course or could we permit their barter to some
other power? Willing or not, we have the re
sponsibility of duty which we cannot escape.
• • • The President cannot believe that any
division of the archipelago can bring us any
thing but embarrassment in the future.
The treaty of peace was concluded on Decem
ber 10, 1S98. By its terms the archipelago
known as the Philippine Islands was ceded by
Spain to the United States. It was also pro
vided that tho "civil rights and political status
of the native inhabitants of terirories hereby
ceded to the United States shall be determined
by Congress."
Treaty of Peace.
"The trade and commercial side, a3
well as the indemnity for the cost
of the -war, are questions we might
yield. They might be waived or com
promised, but the questions of duty
and humanity appealed to the Presi
dent so strongly that he can find no
appropriate answer but the one he
has here marked out."
"Without any original thought of complete
or even partial acquisition, the presence and
success of our arms at Manila Imposes upon
us obligations which we cannot disregard. The
march of events rules and overrules human
action. Avowing unreservedly the mirpose
which has animated all our effort and still
solicitous to adhere to it, we cannot be ui;
mindful that without any desire or design on
our part the war has brought us new duties
and responsibilities which we must meet aud
discharge as becomes- a great nation on whose
growth and career from the beginning the
rjler of nations has plainly written the high
command and pledge of civilization."
Instructions to Peace Commission.
On October 28. ISPS, while the Peace Commis
sion was continuing Its negotiations in Paris,
the following additional instruction was sent:
"It Is Imperative upon us that as victors we
should be governed only by motives which will
exalt our nation. Territorial expansion should
be our least concern; that we shall rfot shirk
the moral obligations of our victory is of the
greatest. It is undisputed that Spain's author
ity is permanently destroyed in every part of
the Philippines. To leave any part in her feeble
control now would Incerase our difficulties and
be opposed to the interest of humanity. • • •
Xor can we permit Spain to transfer any of the
islands to another power. Xor can we invite
another power or powers to join the United
States in the sovereignty over them. We must
either hold them or turn them back to Spain.
"Consequently, grave as are the responsibili
ties and unforeseen as are the difficulties which
are before us. the President can see but one
plain path of duty, the acceptance of the archi
pelago. Greater difficulties and more serious
complications— administrative and International
—would follow any other course. The Presi
dent has given to the views .of the commis
sioners the fullest consideration, and. reaching
the conclusion above announced. An the light of
the Information communicated tiPthe President
Flnce your departure, he has been influenced by
the single consideration of duty and humanity.
The President is not unmindful of the distressed
financial condition of Spain, and whatever con
sideration the United States may show must
come from its sense of generosity and benevo
lence, rather than from any real or technical
obligation."
Again, on November 13, I instructed the com
mission:
"Our aim In the adjustment of peace should
be directed to lasting results and to the
achievement of the common good under the
demands of civilization, rather than to am
bitious designs. • • •
ing settlement as it was Just and humane i
its original action. • • •
"It is my wish that throughout the negotia
tions entrusted to the Commission, the pur
pose and spirit with which the United States
accepted the' unwelcome necessity of war
should be kept constantly In view. We took
up arms only in obedienge to the dictates of
humanity and in the fulfillment of high public
and moral obligations. We had no design of
Aggrandizement and no ambition of conquest.
Through the long course of repeated represen
tations which preceded and aimed to avert the
struggle and In the final arbitrament of force
this country that compelled solely by th<»
purpose of relieving grievous wrongs and re
moving long existing conditions which dio
turbed the tranquillity, which shocked the
moral sense of mankind and which could no
longer be endured. It Is my earnest wish that
the United States In making peace should rol
low the same high rule of conduct wfclch
iruided It^in facing war. It should be a.s
scrupulous and magnanimous In the conclud-
Following these brilliant victories.' on 'the
12th of .August. 1R9S, upon the initjative of
Spain, hostilities were suspended and a proto
col was signed with a view to arranging terms
of peace between the two governments. In
pursuance thereof, I appointed as commission
ers the following distinguished citizens to con
duct the negotiations on the part of the United
States: Tho Hen. William R. Day of Ohio th.»
Hon. William P. Frye of Maine, the Hon*
Cushman K. Pavls of Minnesota, the Hon
George Gray of Delaware and the Hon. White
law Rled of New York.
In addressing the Peace Commission before
Its departure for Paris, I said:
The Peace Commission.
It will be seen that the Government
has been used for the liberty, the
peace and the prosperity of the Phil
ippine peoples, and the force has
been employed only against force
which stood In the way of the reali
zation of these ends.
On the 2ith day of April. 1S9S, Congress de
clared that a state or war existed between
Spain and tho United States. On May 1, 1SUS,
Admiral Dewey destroyed the Spnnlsh fleet in
Manila Bay. On May 19, 1898, Major Genera!
Merrltt. U. S. A., was placed In command of
the military expedition to Manila and direct
ed among other things to immediately "pub
lish a proclamation declaring that we comt
not to make war upon the people of the Phil
ippines nor upon any part or faction among
them, but to protect them In their homes, in
their employments and In their personaJ and
religious rights. All persons who, .either by
active aid or by honest submission, co-operate
with the United States in its efforts to givo
effect to this beneficent purpose will receive
the reward of Its support and protection "
On July 3. 1S9S, the Spanish fleet in attempt-
Ing to escape from Santiago harbor was de
stroyed by the American fleet and on July IS,
1898, the Spanish garrison in the city of Santi
ago surrendered to the commander of the
American furces.
For the sake of full and intelligent under
standing of the Philippines question and to
give to the public authentic Information of the
acts and alms of the administration, I present
at some length the events of importance lead
ing up to the present situation. The purposes
of the Executive are best revealed and can best
be Judged by what he has done and is doing.
The Philippines.
January 1, 1000. We have restored «-der and
established domestic tranquillty. We*have fed
the starving, clothed the naked and ministered
to the sick. We have Improved the sanitary
condition of the island. We have stimulated
Industry, Introduced public education and
taken a full and comprehensive enumeration of
the inhabitants. The qualification of electors
has been settled and under It officers have been
chosen for all the municipalities in Cuba.
These local governments are now in operation,
administered by the people. Our military es
tablUhment has been reduce.! from 43,000 sol
diers to less than 6000. An electltfn has been
ordered to be held on the 15th of September
under a fair election law already tried in the
municipal elections to choose members of a
constitutional convention, and the convention
by the same order Is to assemble on the first
Monday of November to frame a constitution
upon which an Independent government for the
Island will rest. All this Is a long step in the
fulfillment of our sacred guarantees to the peo
ple of Cuba.
We hold Porto Rico by the same title as the
Philippines. The treaty of peace which ceded
us the one conveyed to us the other. Congress
has given to this Island a government In which
the Inhabitants participate, elect their own
Legislature, enact their own local laws, pro
vide their own system or taxation and in
these respects have the same power and priv
ileges enjoyed by other Territories belonging
to the United States nnd a much larger, meas
ure of self-gnvernmem than was given to the
Inhabitants of Louisiana under Jefferson. A
IMstrlct Court cf the United States for Porto
Hico has been established and local courts have
been inaugurated, all of whlcn are in opera
tion. The generous treatment of the Porto
Kicans accords with the most liberal thought
of our own country and encourages the best
aspirations of the people of the island. While
they do nut have instant free commercial In
tercourse with the T'nited States, Congress
complied with my recommendation by remov
ing on the first clay of May mst, 85 per cent of
the duties and providing forahe removal of the
remaining IS per cent on the first of March.
1M2 or earlier, if the legislature of Porto Kico
shall provide local revenues for the expenses of
conducting the government. During this inter
mediate period Porto Rican products coming
into the United States pay their tariff of 15 per
cent of the rates under the Pingley act and
our goods, going to Porto Itlco pay a like rate.
The duties thus paid and collected, both In
Porto Rico and the United States, are paid to
the government of Porto Rico and no part
thereof is taken by the national Government.
All of the duties from November 1. 1SSS. to
June 30, 1900, aggregating the sum of $2,250.
&23 21. raid at the customs houses In the
United States upon Porto Rlcan products, un
der the laws existing prior to the above men
tioned act of Congress, have gone Into the
treasury of Porto Itico to relieve the destitute
and for schools and other public purposes. In
addition to this wo have expended for relief,
education and Improvement of roads, the sum
of H.613.084.95. The United States military
force In the Island has beVn reduced from
ll.ooo to 15Cn, and native Porto Rlcans consti
tute for the most part the Wat constabulary.
Under the new law, and the Inauguration of
the rlvii government, there has been a grati
fying revival of business. The manufactures
of Porto Rico are developing: her Imports are
increasing; her tariff is yielding increased re
turns; her fields are being cultivated; free
schools are being established. Notwithstand
ing the many embarrassments incident to a
change of national conditions, she is rapidly
showing the good effects of her new relations
to this nation.
Cuba and Porto Rico.
We have been In possession of Cuba since
The American people are profound
ly grateful to the soldiers, sailors and
marines who have in every time of
conflict fought their country's battles
and defended its honor. . . \
The survivors and the widows and orphans
of those who have died In their country's
cause are justly entitled to receive the Just
and considerate, care of the nation Few are
now left of those who fought Jn the Mexican
war and while many of the veterans of th«
Civil v.ar are still spared to us, their num
bers are rapidly diminishing and age and in
firmity are Increasing their dependence. The«e
with the soldiers of the Spanish war will not
be neglected by their grateful countrymen The
pension laws have been liberal. They should
be justly administered" and will be. Prefer
ences should be given to the soldiers, sailors
and marines, their widows and orphans with
respect to employment In the public service.
For labor a short day is better than
a short dollar; one will lighten the
burdens, the other lessen the rewards
of toil. The one will promote con
tentment and independence, the
other penury and want. The wages
of labor should be adequate to keep
the home in comfort, educate the chil
dren, and, with thrift and economy,
lay something by for the days of in
firmity and old age.
Practical civil service reform has always had
the support and encouragement of the Repub
lican party. Ttie future of the merit system is
safe In its hands.
During the present administration, as occa-
Bions have arisen for modification or amend
ment in the existing civil service law and rules,
they have bem made. Important amendments
were promulgated hy executive order under
date of May 29. 1809, having for their principal
purpose the exemption from competitive exami
nation of certain places Involving fiduciary re
sponsibilities or duties. of a strictly confidential,
scientific or executive character, which might
better be filled either. by non-comrietitlve ex
amination or by other tests of. fitness in the
discretion of the appointing officer. It Is grati
fying that the experience of more than a year
has vindicated these changes, in the marked
Improvement oi the public service. The merit
system, as far as practicable, iR made the basis
for appointments to office In our new terri
tory. - .
Combinations of capital which con
trol the market in commodities neces
sary to the general use of the peo
ple by suppressing natural and or
dinary competition, thus . enhancing
prices to the general consumer, are
obnoxious to the common law and the
public welfare. They are dangerous
conspiracies against the public good
and should be made the subject for
prohibitory or penal legislation.
Publicity will be a helpful influence to check
this evil. This uniformity of legislation in the
eeveral States should be secured. Discrimina
tion between what is injurious and what is use
ful and necessary in business operations i« es
sential to the wise and effective treatment of
this subject. Honest co-operation of capital is
necessary to moot new business conditions and
extend our rapidly Increasing foreign trade, but
conspiracies and combinations in
tended to restrict business, create
monopolies and control prices should
be effectually restrained.
The best service which can be rendered to
labor is to afford It an opportunity for steady
and remunerative employment and give it every
encouragement for advancement. The policy
that subserves this end is the true American
policy. The past three years have been more
satisfactory to American workmen than many
preceding years. Any change of the present In
dustrial or financial policy of the Government
would be disastrous to their highest Interests.
With prosperity at home and an Increasing
foreign market for American products employ
ment shnuld continue to wait upon labor, and,
with the present gold standard, the working
man is secured against payments for hla labor
In a depreciated currency.
A subject of immediate importance to our
country is the completion of a great waterway
of commerce between the Atlantic and Pa
cific. The const ruct Ion of a maritime, canal
Is row more than ever indispensable to that
intimate and ready communication between our
Eastern and Western seaports demanded by the
annexation of the Hawaiian Island* and the
expansion of our Influence and trade in the
Pacific.
Our national policy more Imperatively than
ever calls for its completion and control by this
Government, and it Is believed that the next
session of Congress, after receiving the full
report of the commission appointed under the
act approved March 3. 1S»9. will make provisions
for the sure accomplishment of this great work.
Need of the Nicaragua Canal.
have called the attention of Congress to this
subject in my several annual messages. In that
of December 6, 1S97. I said:
"Most desirable from every standpoint of na
tional Interest and patriotism is the effort to
extend our foreign commerce. To this end
our merchant marine should be improved and
enlarged. We should do our full share of the
carrying trade of the world. We do not do
It now. We should be the laggard no longer."
In my message of December 5, 1S39, I said:
"Our national development will be one-sided
and unsatisfactory so long as the remarkable
growth of our inland industries remains unac
companied by progress on the seas. There is no
lack of constitutional authority for legislation
which 6hall give to the country maritime
strength commensurate with its Industrial
achievements and with Its rank among the np
tions of the earth. The past record has re
corded exceptional activity in our shipyards
and the promises of continual prosperity In
shipbuilding are abundant. Advanced legisla
tion for the protection of our seamen has been
enacted. Our coast trarie under regulations
wisely framed at the beginning of the Govern
ment and since shows results for the past tlscal
year unequaled In our records or those of any
power. We sha.ll fall to realize our opportuni
ties, however. If we complacently regard only
matters at home and blind ourselves to the
necessity of securing our phare in the valuable
carrying trade of the world."
1 now reiterate these views.
PRESIDENT WILLIAM McKINLEY.
our revenues or increat* our expenditures, the
Orgrejs at its next session should reduce taxa
tion very materially.
Five years ago we were selling Government
bonds bcarin? ns hlch as R per cent interest.
Now we are redeemir.R them with a bond nt
par bearing 2 per cent interest. We are selllnf?
our surplus of products and lending our surplus
money to Eurr.r>e. One result of our selling
to ether nations so much more, than we have
bought from them during the. past three years
Is a radical Improvement of our financial re
lations. The great amounts of capital which
hav« been borrowed of Europe for our ¦ rapid,
material development have remained a constant
drain upon our resources for Interest and div
ilends and made our money markets liable to
constant disturbances by calls for payment or
heavy *ales of our securities whenever money
sirir-eency or panic occurred abroad. We hav«
now been paying these debts and bringing home
many of our securities and establishing counter
vailing credits abroad by our loans and plac
ing ourselves upon a sure foundation of finan
cial independence.
In the unfortunate contest between Great
Britain and the Iloer States of South Africa the
United States has maintained an attitude of
neutrality in accordance with Its well-known
traditional policy. It did not hesitate, how
ever, when requested by the Governments of
the. R*ith African republics to exercise Us good
offices for a cessation of hostilities. It in to
be observed that while the South African repub
lic? made a like request of other powers, the
I'nlted States is the only one which complied.
The IJritish Government declined to accept the
intervention of any power.
Ninety-one per cent of our exports and Im
ports are now carried by foreign shirs. For
ocean transportation we pay annually to for
eijrn shipowners over $103,000,000. We ougtit
to own the ships for our carrying trade with
the world and we ought to bulid them In Amer
ican shipyards and man them with American
tailors. Our citizens should receive the trans
portation charges now paid to foreigners. I
than lu 1W9. while on the war account there
Is a deer' ase «f more than JS3.ooo.000. There
were required $$.<W,n00 less to support the navy
this year than last, and expenditures on ac
count of Indians were nearly- $2. 7.V). 000 less than
1S*3. The only two Items of increase in the
public expenses of ISOO over 1R09 are for pen
sinns and Interest on the public debt. For
1K!<3 we exr-en'led for pensions $1.1^,^4,929, and
for the fiscal year UK") our payments on this
account amounted to tUO.S77.X1«. The net In
crease of Interest on the public debt of 1900
over US required by th*- war loan was $2-J3,
4'iS £¦;. While Contrress authorized the Govern
ment to make a war loan of SldO.ono.OOO .it thft
beRlnninp Of the war with Spain, only $200,000,
interest. which were promptly and patriotically
taken by our citizens.
Prospect Of Lower Taxation.
T'r.le«s something unforeseen occurs to reduce
they will n~t fall to record a#ra!n their earnest
diss-'nt.
The Republican party remains faithful to Its
principle of tariff, which supplies sufficient rev
enue for the Government and adequate protec
tion to our enterprises and producers; and of
re-iprocitr. which opens' foreign markets to the
fruits of American labor and furnishes new
channel;: throuKh which to move the surplus
rt American farms". The time-honored prin
ciples f{ protection and reciprocity were the
first p!fdjres= of Republican victory to be written
:nto public law.
Kccord of the Republican. Congress.
The present Onnjrress has Riven to Alaska a
Territorial government f,,r which it had waited
ni-re than a quarter r.f a century; it has estab
lished a representative povernment in Hawaii;
has enacted bilL« tor the most liberal treat
ment at the pensioners and their widows; has
revived the free homestead policy.
In Us great financial law it provided for the
ertabllshiTH-nt of hanks of issue with a capital
of £5.000 for the b.-nefit of villages and rural
communities, and brinpin^ the opportunity for
profitable buslnesa in bnnkln* within the reach
of moderate capital. Many are already avail
ing themaelrca of this privilege.
I>urinfr thf- past yi-ar more than 119,000,000 of
T'nitf-d Statf-p bonds have been paid from the
rar?lus revenues of the Treasury, and in ad
dition $25. 'Vtfi.iVHi of 2 per cents matured, called
by the Government, are In process of payment.
I'aoific nailrcad bonds, issued by. the Govern
ment In aM r.f the roads. In the sum of nearly
144.000,000, have been paid since December 31,
18*7.
The Treasury balance is In satUfactory con
dition, shoviinpr on September 1, JlS5.4l9.ooo. in
addition to ihe RSa.ttM.MM K«Md reserve held In
the Treasury. The Government's relations
with the Pacific railroad? have been substan
tially closed. lttt.421.M0 having been received
from these roads, the greater part in cash and
the remainrtcr with amule securities for pay
ments def.rred.
Instead of diminishing, as was predicted four
years apo. the volume of our currency Is great
er i-er capita than it has ever been. It was
III 10 in 1*'.*6. It has Increased to $26 60 on
July l. iMO, and ?2* S5 on September 1, 1900.
<Hir total mon»y on July* 1, W>$. was $!,&.ifi,
42J.W?; on July 1. ISO©, n wa« %':.m. 425, 4SC, and
tXCML6n.O43 on September 1. »0O.
Our industrial and agricultural
conditions are more promising than
they have been for many years; prob
ably more so than they have ever
been. Prosperity abounds everywhere
throughout the republic.
I rejoice that the Southern as well as the
Northern £taua are enjoylntt a full share of
these Unproved national conditions and that
ail are contributing so largely to our remark
able industrial development. The money lender
receives lower rewards for his capital than if it
w«-re invested in active business. The rates of
interest are lower than they have ever been
in this country, while those thing* which are .
produced on the farm and In the workshops,
and the labor producing them, have increased
in value.
Our Foreign Trade.
Our foreign trade shows a satisfactory and
Increasing growth. The amount of our exports
for the year V.'i") over those of the exceptionally
prosperous year of 1W*, was about $*>i»,000 for
every <lay of the year, and these sums have
rone Into the homes and enterprises of the
:-e£;.le. There has been an increase, of over
130,009,000 ir. the exports of agricultural pro
ducts; t92.692.220 in manufactures and in the
products of the mines over $lo,00<t.<M). Our
trade balances cannot fall to Kive satisfaction
tr. ihe peoT'le of tho country. In 1»S we sold
abroad $fil."i.4:{2.6T8 of products more than we
bought abroa-l; in 18», $:.2M74,xi3, and in 1303
$544,471,701. making durinK the thn-e years a to
tal balance In our favor of $1.68».7T9. 190— nearly
five timer* the balance of trade in our favor for
the whole i-eriod of VA years, from 1790 to
June CO, 1S9T. inclusive.
Four hundred and thirty-six million dollars
of eold have been ndded to the roM stock 'of
the United States since. July 1. ISSfi. The law
of March 14. Ij'KI, authorized the refunding in
2 p*r cent bonds of that part of the public debt
represented by the 3 per cents due in 1908, the
4 per cents due In 1?T7, and the 5 per cents due
In I&"t4, apKrecating JMVX'O.OOO. More than one
third of the turn of these bonds was refunded
In the first throe months aftfr the passage of
the act. and on September 1 the sum had been
Increased more than JSS.ooo.o/jo, mnklnR in all
tJ30.57S.f'rA resulting in a net savinK of over
fft.Si9.S20. The ordinary receipts of the Gov
ernment for the fiscal year lW>0 ¦were $TS,527,0C0
In excess of Its rxoendltures.
While our receipts both from customs and In
ternal revenue have been greatly Increased, our
expenditures have been decreasing:. Civil and
miscellaneous expenses for the fiscal year end
ins June 30. 1900, were nearly $14,000,000 less
WASHINGTON, Sept. 9.— William McKinley's
letter, accepting a Republican renomination
for the Presidency, which was made public to
night, will be the ]>oliiical text book of the Re
publicans in the present campaign. Placing
the monetary issue first, the President shows that the financial
and industrial interests of the United States would be as much
endangered by the election of Bryan this year as they would
have been had he been elected in 1896. Mr. McKinley reviews
with satisfaction the record of the Republican party during the
last four years and then takes up the issue of "imperialism,"
which the Democrats have declared to be paramount. His an
swer to the Democratic charges is a review of the action of the
administration and Congress regarding Cuba, Porto Rico and
the Philippines, concluding with the declaration:
"The American question is between duty and desertion. The
American verdict will be for duty and against desertion — for the
republic against both anarchy and imperialism."
Following is the full text of the letter:
¦ L ¦ XBCUT1TH ICAN8IO N*.
?j WASHINGTON. D. C. Sept.
$ S — To the Hon. Henry rabot
f I-o<i~e. Chairman of Xotlflca
|i tion Commit*.*^.- My Dear Sir:
j; The nomination of the Repi:b
g j lican National Convention of
J 'd tsafli^fcw June l9 - ' 91 °> tor th * office of
"^^^"^^^"V PtcaMeat of the t'nited States
which, as the official rerre-
Fentative of the convention
yon have conveyed to me. is
accepted. I hav« carefully examined the plat
form adopted and t.'ve to it rr.y hearty aj
froi-a;. I';.on the grtat lFfue of the la^t na
tional election It Is clear. It upholds the goM
pian.iftrd sni Indorses :he legislation of the
rrf-sent Congress by whi.l; that standard ' hes
t>f-en officially «rengihen *•!• The stability ot
©ur national currency is therefore secure fo
t<r.r as those who ailher^ to the platform are
f-vt In control of the Government. In the
ftryt battle, that of UK, the- friends of the gold
e?ar.<1srd and of sound currency were triumph
ant ar.<5 the cour.t-y is rnjoyir.g the fruits o»
that victory. Our antagonists, however, are
not satisfied.
They compel us to a second battle
upon the same lines on which the
first -was fought and von. While re
gretting the recpening of this ques
tion, ¦which can only disturb the pres
ent satisfactory financial condition of
the Govcrnmejit and visit uncertainty
upon our great business enterprise,
we accept the issue and again invits
the sound noney forces to join in
winning another, and, we hope, a
permanent triumph for an honest
financial system, which ¦will continue
inviolable in the public faith.
Af 'n lKif> the three silver parties are united,
un* r the same leader who, immediately after
the ele<T]on of that year !n a,n address to the
tdmetaHiata, paid:
"The friends of blmetalllFm have not been
verxjulFfced : they have pimply been overcome.
They believe that the gold standard In a con
spiracy of the money chanjrers against the
vrlfare of the human race and they will con
tinue the warfare against it."
The Real Issue.
The po'lr-y tbm proclaimed has been Rccepted
and confirmed by these parties. The Silver
I>emo<-ratic platform of 1!**' continues the wm
i«r» apainst the so-oallfii gold conspiracy when
It expreFF'.y nays: "We reiterate the demand of
that (the Chlcapol platform of 1S50 for an
.American financial Fystem. made by the Ameri
can people for thefhs»lve«, which Khali restore
fcn<1 maintain :-. bimetallic price level, and a»
j-art of Fuch i>ystem and immediate restoration
t« the free and unlimited coinape of Fllver and
fold at the prepcrt ratio of It to I without
v-Ritiry? for the aid or conwnt of any other
nation."
Po the lfsue If presented. It -will be noted
that the demand 1* for the immediate restora
tion of the free coinage of Fllver at If to 1. If
•mother issue is paramount, thin is immediate.
It will admit of no delay and will euffer no
postponement.
Turnine to the other aFiwiatt-d parties we
find in the Populist national platform, adopt
ed »t Sioux Falls. S. D.. May in, I9(iO, the
follnwint declaration:
"We pl«-dxe anew the People's party n«ver
to cease the agitation until this financial con
frpiracy is blotted from the statute book, the
I-iri^oln frreer.back restored, the bonds all paid
end all corporation money forever retired. We
reaffirm the demand for the reopening of th*
mlrit6 of the I'nited States for the free and
unlimited epinafre of pilver and sold a.t the
j're^ent :• r,.J ratio of 16 to 1, the Immediate
Increase in the volume of silver coins and cer
tificate thtsf created to be tubstituted, dollar
lor dollar, for the bar.k notes Issued by prt
vst* corporations undf-r special pHi-llegre. grant
*^} by the !bw of March J4, lffiO. and prior na
tional back ins laws."
The platform of the Silver party adopted at
Kansac <'lty. July 6, 1500, makes the following
announcement:
"We declare It to be our Intention to lend
«iur efforts to the repeal of this currency law.
which not only repudiates the ancient and
time-honored principles of the American people
J-fore the constitution vu adopted, but Ik vio-
Jative of the principles of the con6titution
i'.wlf, and We shall not cease our efforts until
there has Vwen eFtablished in Its place a mon
etary fyFtfra based upon the fr»«e and unlim-
J;«! coinage of eilvner and gold Into money
at the prewnt legal ratio of I« to 1 by the ia
dt^endent action of the United States, under
vhich system all ;>ai>er money Fha'.l be issued
by tfc«- Government and all such money coined
or iss-:;. -<\ shall b« a full 1« paJ tender In [pay.
ment of all debts, public and private, without
exception."
In all three platforms thes* parties announce
that their effort* shall be unceasing until the
prol<3 act *h&Jl be blotted from the Ptatute booka
and the free anfl unlimited coinage of silver at
JO to 1 Rhall take its place.
Will the American People Hazard It?
The relative Importance of the isFues I do
r"t rtnp to diarugs. All of them are Important.
Whichever party Is successful will be bound in
conscience j to carry Into administration and
legislation Us Beverai declarations and dr>c
trjne*. Oi» declaration will be as pt-liira.tory
ps another." but all are not . immediate. It is
not pissible that these parties /would treat the
<iocs.rine r.f 16' to 1. the- immediate realization of
which If demanded by their t"»veral platforms,
as void and inoperative in the event; that they
should be clothed with pcrwer. Otherwise their
l.no'eKfiaa of faith Is insincere. It Is, there
fore, the Imperative busin'^s of those opposed
to Itiie financial heresy to prevent the triumph
of the parties whose union is only assured by
adherence to th* silver if sue. Will the Amer
ican iKr'ople. through Indifference or fancied se
curity. Hazard the overthrow of the wise finan
cial legislation of the past yemr and revive th«
<!aTHrer <rf the sliver standard with ail of. the
Jne\itab!e evils of shattered confidence and gen
eral disa«ter which Justly alarmed and aroused
tiwai in 1M>C?
Tbe Chicago platform of 1S9« Is reaffirmed In
lu entirety by the Kansas City convention.
Nothing has been written or recalled, so that
all the perils then threatened are presented
anew with the added force of a deliberate re
affirmation. Four rears ago the people refused
to place the seal of their approval upon these
£lX*er» ftx4 wwJnlWary J.QlJcltl SJli UU* 1U*
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Maintains That the Chief
Issue Is Still 16 to i, as
5hown by the Platforms
of the Bryanite Parties.
they may believe themselves able to derive In
formation or suggestions valuable for the pur
poses of their commission or whom they may
choose to employ as agents, as may be neces
sary for this purpose.
•• * • . j t j, m y desire that In all their
relations with the "inhabitants <*f the Island*
the Commissioners exercise due respect for vl
UK? Ideals, customs and institution!' of the
tribes which compose the population, emphasiz
ing upon all occasions the Just and beneficent
Intentions of the Governm»nt of the United
States. It is also my wish and expectation that ¦
the Commissioners may b^ received In a man
ner due to the honored representatives of the
American Government, duly comml3j>iond on ac- I
count of their knowledge, skill arrt integrity I
as bearers of thp good will, the protection and |
the richest bl'-asir.g.s of a liberating rather than
a conquerinL: nation."
On the 6th of February. 1W. the treaty was
ratified by the Senate of the Unlterl states
and the Congress immediately appropriated $20.
000.000 to carry out its provisions. The ratifica
tions were exchanged by the United tftates and
Spain on the llth of April. 1S39.
Efforts to Restore Peace.
As early as April. 1"<D3. the Philippine Com
mission, of which Dr. fYhurmann wan presi
dent, endeavored to brir.g about peace In the |
Islands by related conferences with leading i
Tagalogs, representing th* so-called Insurgent
government, to the enl that Kim» general plan
of government might be offered them which
they could accept- So grt»at was the satisfac- j
tlon of the Insurgent comrrl?slTncra with the i
form of government proposed by the Ameri- !
can Commisslrners thnt the latter submitted
the proposed scheme to me for approval and
my action thereon is sho-wn by the cable mess
age following:
"May 5, 18».— BCHTJRMANN, MANILA:
Tours 4th received. You are authorized to pro- j
pose that under the military power of the Pres- !
ident, pending action of Congress, government '
of the Philippine Islands shall consist of a
Governor General, anointed liy the President; i
Cabinet, appointed by the Governor General: h ;
General Advisory Council elected by the people; I
the qualifications of electors to be carefully
considered and determined and the 'Governor
General to h»ve absolute veto. Jurliciarry
strong and Independent: principal judces ap- i
pointed by the President. The Cabinet an.l ;
Judges to he chosen from natives or Americans, j
or both, having regard to fitness. The Presi- i
dent earnestly desires the cessation of blootl- j
shed, and that the people of the Philippine
Islands at an early date shall have the largest j
measure of local self-government consistent :
with peace and irood order."
In the latter nart of May another group of '.
representatives e<tme from the Insurgent leader, j
The whole matter was fully discussed, when j
the promise of acceptance seemed near at hana.
They assured our Commissoiners they would I
return after consulting with th«-ir leader, but }
they never did.
As ft result of the views expressed by the |
first Tagalog representative favorable to the !
plan of the commission, it appears that he was.
by military order of the Insurgent leader, strip
ped of his shoulder straps, dismissed from the
army and sentenced to twelve years" Imprison
ment.
The views of the Commissioners are best set
forth In tholr own words:
"Deplorable as war is. the one In which we
are now engaged was unavoidable by us. We
were attacked by a bold, adventurous and en- j
thusiaFtie army. No alternative was left to
us except Ignominious retreat. It is not to be I
conceived that any American would have sane- !
tlontd the surrender of Manila to the Insur
gents. Our obligations to other nations, and
to the friendly Filipinos and to ourselves and
our flag demanded that force should be met by
force. Whatever the future of the Philippines
may be, there Is no course open to us now ex
cept the .iresecutlon of the war until the in
surgents are reduced to submission. The com
mission is of the opinion that there has been
no time since the destruction of the Sp&nlsri
squadron by Admiral Dewey when It was pos
sible to withdraw our forces from the islands
either with honor to ourselves or with safety
to t,he inhabitants."
Natives Not Yet Fit to Rule.
After the most thorough study of the peo
ples of the archipelago, the commission report
ed, among other things:
"Their lack of education and political expe
rience, combined with their racial and linguist
diversities, dtsaualify them In spite of their
mental gifts and domestic virtues to undertake
the frovernins of the archipelago at the pres
ent time. The most that can be expected of
them is to co-operate with th» Americans In
the administration of general affairs from Ma
nila as a center, and to undertake, subject to
American control or guidance <as may be
found necessary), the administration of pro
vincial and municipal affairs. • • •
"Should our rower by any fatality be with
drawn, the commission believes that the Gov
ernment of the Philippines would speedily lapse j
Into anarchy, which would excuse If It did not >
necessitate the Intervention of the other powers I
and the eventual division of the Islands among
them. Only through American occupation,
therefore. Is the Idea of a free, self-governing
and united Philippine commonwealth at all
conceivable. • • •
"Thus the welfare of the Filipinos coincides
with the dictates of national honor In forbid- I
ding our abandonment of the archipelago. We j
cannot from any point of view escape the re- j
sponsion itles of government which our sover
eignty entails; and the commission Is strongly
persuaded that the performance of our national
duty will prove the greatest blessing to the
peoples of the Philippine Islands."
Satisfied that nothing further could be ac
complished in pursuance" of their mission urt'l
the rebellion was supr wswd, and desiring to
place before the rnn«rr»s» the r»*i!lt of their
ibservations. I r.-ouev-i th- commission to
return to the United States. Their most Intel
ligent ami comprehensive report was submit
ted to Con»r(-s».
In March. J9O<>, believins: that the insurrec
tlon was rractloally endM and t*mestly de
sirlnj; to promoto the establishment of a sta
ble government in the ar.hl->eia*r, I appointed
the followln* civil commission • The lion Wil
liam Taft of Ohio; Profpsa. r Pcan C Wor
cester, of Michigan: the Hon. I.uke I. \VriKht.
Of Tennessee-: Henry <\ Me. ..f Vermont. and
the Hon. Bernard Mosfs. of California
Instructions to Civil Commission.
My Instructions to them contained the fol
lowlr;;:
"You (the Secretary of V,'ar> 'will instruct
the i-ommlssii.-n • • • to rtevote th>*lr atten
tion in the first InHiBH ta the Mtal.liishment
of municipal government*, In which the
natives of th" island.-* . in both cities and rurAl
communities, shall be afforded the opportunity
to manage their own liwal affairs to the fullest
extent of which they nre' capable and subject
to the lea?t il»nree oil supervision and control,
which. afUr a careful study of their capacities
ami observation of the working* of native cuti
troi. shall h<» consistent with the maint^nun:.*
of law. order and loyalty. • * * When th-?
commission is of th" opinion that tlie nmil t!on
<>f aifairs in the tvlwida is such that th.« com*
mission may be safely transferred from mili
tary to civil control, they will report that eoi -
elusion to you (the Secretary of Wan wlt'.i
their recommer.<lat:i.r.s as tt> the form ef cen
tral covernmf-r.t to be established for the pur
pose of taking over the control. • • •
"BeKlnninjf with the first <lay of February.
1900. the authority to exercize, ruhj^ct to r.iv
approval. through the Secretary of War. that
part of the f^iwer o: government In the Philip
pine Islands wh!<-h Is of a IcfrlsIatlTa nature. lit
to be transferred fnm th» Military OowttWl
to this commlaslon, to be th?reait?r ex?r.-:s- 1
by them In the place ;>p<1 stead of the Military
Governor undr-r men rulf* and regulations «3
you tth<* Secretary of War) shall prescribe, un
til the establishment of civil central govern^
ment of the Islands, conten^-laterl In the last
forejtoinjc paragraph. '>r until Congress sth.i!!
otherwise provide. FTx*rr!.»e of thin legislative
authority will include the making of rules or
orders having: th» effect of law for the raisin?
of revenue Ly taxes, customs duties and im
posts; the appropriation and expenditure of
the public fumla of the i*landa: th* establish
ment of an educational system throughout th«
l.'lanil*: the establishment of a system to se
cure an efficient civil itervlc*: the" organization
an.l establishment of municipal and d-part
mi-ntal sovernrnent*. and all nth«r matters of
a civil nature for which the Military Qmwnw
Is now competent to jt vide by rules or orders
of a legislative character. The commission
will also have power during the same period
to appoint to office such officers under the ju
dicial, educational and civil nervier system*
and In the municipal and departmental bov
err.mcnts as shall be provided for." • • *
I'ntil Congress shall take action I decided
that:
•¦L'pon every division and branch of th»
Government of the Philippines must be im
posed these Inviolable rules: That no person
shall be deprived of life, liberty or property
without due process of law; that private prop
erty shall not be taken for public use without
Just compensation; that in all criminal prose
cutions, the accused shall enjoy the ri«;ht to a
speedy and public trial, to he Informed of th*
nature and cause of the accusation: to be con
fronted with the witnesses against him: to
h»ve compulsory process far obtaining wit
nesses In his favor, and to have the assistance
of counsel for his defense : that excessive bnil
shall not b« required, nor excessive fines Im
posed, nor cruel and unusual punishment In
flicted: that no person shall be put twice In
jeopardy for the same offense, nor he compeU
hlmself: that the right to security against un
reasonabls searches and seizures shall not be
violated: that neither slavery nor Involuntary
servitude shall exist except as a punishment
for crime: that no bill of attainder or exr^ost
facto law shall be passed: that no law nnall
be t>ai<sed abridging the freedom of speech or
of the press, or the rights of the pe vil*> to
peaceably assemble and petition the Govern
ment for a redress of grievances: that no law
shall be made respecting the establishment of
religion or prohlhltlnjr the free exercise there
of, and that the free exercise and enjoyment
of rellploua profession and worship without
discrimination or preference shall forever b«
allowed. • • • . j& «
To Promote EducationWnthe Islands.
"It wttl be the duty of th" commission to
promote and extend, and as they find occasion,
to Improve the system of education already In
augurated by the military authorities. In do
ing this they should regard as of first Im
portance the extension of a system of primary
education which shall be free to all and whie'i
shall tend to fit the people for the duties nt
citizenship, and for the ordinary avocation" of
a civilized community. • • • Kspecial atten
tion should be at once given to affording full
opportunity to all the peorle of the Islands to
icqulre the use of the English language. • • •
'•T'pon all officers and employes of the Pnit^.l
States, both civil and military, should h« im
pressed a sense of the duty to observe, not
merely the material, hut the personal and so
cial rights of the people of the Islands and tr>
treat them with the same courtesy and respect
for their personal dignity which the ponrde of
from each other.
"The article* of ranltiilntinn nf th» /•»?«• «#
flakes Clear That the Cry of
"Imperialism" Is Politi=
cal Claptrap and the Re=
publican Party Is Right.
PRESIDENT McKINLEY'S ACCEPTANCE
THE SAN FIIAXCI.SCO CALL, MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 10, 1!>OO.
4
i
lifeti T t of &Wfe 1Q50
comfort $ aiilV < \ 1)U i/V
? — ; — +
r\m OF THE VERY BEST high-grade
offerings we have in our big store is
this very chair — the extreme achievement
in comfortable upholstery. The frame is
of quartered polished oak. The leather is
of the genuine kind and the upholstery of
tfre best. It's an investment of a life-
time — one that never goes cut of style and
cheap at $18.50
Carpets and curtains and rugs are a
hobby of- ours — as you can see by a visit to
the separate building housing these goods.
>• ; ; — : ; ¦ +
INDIANAPOLIS FURNITURE COMPANY,
750 MISSION STREET, SAN FRANCISCO."If there are any political influences at
work I know nothing of them and 1 don't
think it has come to the knowledge of the
board members. It would be very bad
policy for the national officers of the Mine
Workers to ask the intercession of any
political party and this must eectainly not
be done. We are trying to get for the
miners of our organization and those not
affiliated with us honest wages."
As soon as he arrived at his office this
morning President Mitchell sent word to
the telegraph offices instructing that if
any messages had been received for him
during the night that they be delivered at
once to his office. After waiting for a
reasonable time for a response the board
was called to order. No messages came
and this Is taken as an indication that
negotiations are still pending. Up to the
time the members of the board left the
office of the president there had been no
communications with the leaders in the
anthracite districts.
Summed up. the situation, according to
the admission of I'resident Mitchell, is
simply this:
"Negotiations are undoubtedly on for o
settlement of the differences without o
strike So long as these are pending the
miners will not strike, for the reason that
the operators would be left a loophole of
• scape from the position they now occupy
by saying the men had gone out at a time
when there was a chance to arbitrate."
HAZELTON. Pa.. Sept. 9.— The action of
the national executive board of the United
Mine Workers, in session at Indianapolis,
in declining to declare a strike Involving
the miners of the entire anthracite coal
fields until further efforts at conciliation
have been made, Is taken among the mine
workers here as an indication of level
headedness on the part of the leaders, and
they are now confident that the way 13
"Whether the time allowed Is five days
or longer I decline to say. As set out In
our statement of yesterday. Influences are
at work to bring about a settlement with
out ordering the men to lay down their
tools. I must again decline to say what
these Influences are. for the reason that
making this information public would at
once destroy their effectiveness.
INDIANAPOLIS. Sept. ?.— The national
executive board of the United Mine Work
ers of America adjourned to-day
sine die without promulgating a
formal indorsement of the applica
tion of the miners of the anthracite
districts for permission to strike. At the
close of the session President John Mit
chell taid:
"There is practically no change in the
situation since last night. If the oper
ators do not meet our demands within a
given time the strike will be ordered upon
the Indorsement of Secretary "Wilson and
myself
Miners' National Executive
Board Withholds Its
Sanction.
PERMISSION
TO STRIKE IS
NOT GRANTED
ground on a claim above Discovery on
Forty Mile Creek, which is on the Ameri
can side, have found gravel at bedrock
which pays as high as $20 per day to the
man. Bedrock was struck at a depth of
twenty-two feet. Much excitement has
been caused over the find and a new life
has been given to prospecting in this vi
cinity.
A similar find in the Klondike district
is also reported by Mr. Crotley. He says
that on two claims on Bonanza Creek.
above Discovery, which some time ago
were vacated because their owners
thought them barren, miners have found
gravel at bedrock from which they are
taking from $14 to $16 in gold to the man
per day.
Laymen Take Up an Abandoned
Claim and Strike Gravel Paying
$20 a Day.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
VICTORIA. B. C, Sept. 9.— W. Crotley.
a Cripple Creek miner, who arrived by
the steamer Cottage City this morning,
reports some new strikes in the Forty
Mile and Dawson districts. He says some
laymen who took lays on abandoned
Nome is practically free from sickness,
smallpox and other diseases having disap
peared except among the Indians at the
village south of Nome, where a number
of natives are down with smallpox and
with' their method of handling the dis
ease the village Is likely to be wiped out.
«
RICH STRIKE REPORTED IN
THE DISCOVERY DISTRICT
Tho captain of the Thomson reports that
several of the first tiaims located at
Nome are showing up well, it having
taken the entire season to place them in
working order.
Hefore the Thomson sailed from Nome
a report reached there that rich diggings
had been struck on Bluestone Creek this
side of Cape York and parties who came
down from Bluestone reported they had
found plenty of dust. This caused a stam
pede and all the small steamers and
schooners at Nome headed for the scene
of the new strike loaded with passengers,
while many started out in small boats.
It is said by the time the stampede is
over find the last steamer of the season
sails south Nome will be almost depopu
lated.
PORT TOWXSE>fo, "Wash., Sept. 9.—
Tho steamship Elihu Thomson arrived
from Cape Nome this evening, bringing
200 passengers, many Df whom arc with
out means. The Thomson sailed from
Nome August 2S and her officers report
conditions but little changed. There are
about 15,000 people there, many of them
being in destitute circumstances. As win
ter approaches much uneasiness prevails
among the unfortunates, as they can see
no prospects of getting away and nothing
ahead but suffering and perhaps death.
Camp May Be Depopulated
by the Last of the
Season.
STAMPEDE FROM
NOME TO OTHER
RICHER FIELDS
The American people will not mako
the murderers of our soldiers tho
agents of the republic to convey the
blessings of liberty and order in the
Philippines. They will not make them
the builders of the new common
wealth. Such a course would be a be
trayal of our sacred obligations to the
peaceful' Filipinos and would place at
the mercy of dangerous adventurers
the lives and property of the natives
ard foreigners.
It would make possible and easy the com
mission of such atrocities n« were secretly
planned to be executed on the 22d of Febru
ary, 1S99, In the city of Manila, w-hen only the
..^..— .-• < -• Ki-r army prevented the attempt
If that be not their purpose, then It should
be promptly disclaimed, for only evil can re
sult from the hopes raised by our opponents in
the minds of the Filipinos, that with their suc
cess nt the poi!a in November there will be a
withdrawal of our ?vmy and our American
sovereignty In the aro..;;>elago: the complete
independence of the Tagalog people recognized j
and the powers of government over ail other
peoples of the archipelago conferred upon the
Tagalog leaders.
The effect of a belief in the minds
of the insurgents that this will be
done has already prolonged their re
bellion and increases the necessity for
the continuance of a large army, is
now delaying the establishment of
peace and civil government in the
islands and has influenced many of
the insurgents against accepting the
liberal terms of amnesty offered by
General Macarthur under my direc
tion. But for these false hopes a con
siderable reduction could have been
had in our military establishment in
the Philippines and realization of a
stable government would be already
at hand.
The American people are asked by cur op
ponents to yield the sovereignty of the Islands
of the Philippines to a small fraction of the
population— a single tribe out of eighty or
more inhabiting the archipelago; a fraction
which wantonly attacked the American troopts
In Manila while in rightful possession under
the protocol with Spain, awaiting the latlflcA
tlon of the treaty of peace by the Senate, and
which has since been In active, open rebellion
against the United States. We are asked to
transfer our sovereignty to a small minority
In the islands without eonFUltlntr the majority
and abandoning the largest portion of the pop
ulation which has lx>en loyal to us to the cru
elties of the guerrilla Insurgent bands.
More than this, we are asked to protect this
minority In establishing a government and to
this end repress all opposition of the majority.
We are requested to set up a stable govern
ment In the Interest of those who have assailed
our sovereignty and fired on our soldiers, and
then to maintain it at any cost or sacrifice
aKftlnst Its enemies, and against those having
ambitious designs without.
This would require an army and navy far
larger than Is now rqnintalned in the Philip
pines and still more In excess of what will be
nweasary with the full recognition of our »ov
eretgnty. A military support of authority not
our own. as thus proposed, Is the very essence
of militarism which our opponents in their
platform oppose, but which by their policy
would of necessity be established in Its most
offensive form.
Would our opponents surrender to
the insurgents, abandon our sov
ereignty or cede it to them?
If so. thoy must be reminded that* It could
not have been ratified in the Senate but for
their assistance. The Senate which ratified the
treaty and the Congress which added its sanc
tion by a large appropriation, comprised Sen
ators and Representatives of the people of all
parties.
Are our opponents against the treaty?
Some Pertinent Questions.
It is our purpose to establish in
the Philippines a government suit
able to the wants and conditions of
the inhabitants and to prepare them
for s°lf-geverrment and to give them
self-government when they are
ready for it, and as rapidly as they
are ready for it. That I am aiming
to do under my constitutional au
thority and will continue to do until
Congress shall determine the political
status«of the inhabitants of the archi
pelago.
We are in agreement with all of those who
s«upi>orted the war with Spain and also with
those who counseled the ratification of the
treaty of peace. Upon these two great es
s'-ntial Ftc-ps there can be no issue and out of
these came all of our responsibility. If others
would shirk the obligations imposed by the
war and treaty, we must decline to act further
with thorn and here the Issue Is made.
With all the exaggerated phrase
making of this electoral contest we
are In danger of beingj diverted from
the real contention.
It has been asserted that there would have
been no fighting in the Philippines If Congress
hail declared Its purpose to give Independence
ta the Tapal insurgents. The insurgents did not
wait for the action of Congress. They assumed
the ofTenxlve: they opened fire on our army.
Those who asserted our responsibility for the
beginning of the conflict have forgotten that
before the treaty was ratified in the Senate,
and while it was bring debated in that body,
and while the Bacon resolution was under dis
cussion on February 4. 1S3S. the insurgents at
tacked the American army after being pre
viously advised that the American forces were
under orders not to open fire upon them, ex
cept In defense. The papers found In the re
cently captured archives of the insurgents dem
onstrate that this attack had been carefully
planned for weeks before it occurred. Their
unprovoked assault upon our Foldlers at a time
when the Senate was deliberating upon the
treaty shows that no action on our part except
the surrender and abandonment would have
prevented the fighting and leaves no doubt In
fair minds where the responsibility rests for
the shedding of American blood.
was not. So long as the sovereignty remains
In us it Is the duty of the executive, whoever
he may be. to uphold the sovereignty and If It
be attacked to suppress Its assailants.
Would our political adversaries do less?
Filipinos Began the War.
And was it not our duty to pro
tect the lives and property of those
who came within our control by the
fortunes of war? Could we have
come away at any time between May
1, 1898, and the conclusion of peace
without a stain upon our good name?
Could we have come away without
dishonor at any time after the ratifi
cation of the peace treaty by the Sen
ate of the United States?
There has been no time since the destruction
of the enemy's fleet when we could or should
have left the Philippine nrchlpelago. After the
treaty of peace was ratified nn r>owe r hut '""<
gress could surrender our sovereignty or alien
ate a foot of the territory thus acquired. Con
gress has not seen fit to do the one or the
other, and the President ha* no authority to .t.»
either. If he had been so Inclined, which he
promises whate\er. lie adds:
"He (Aguinaldo) asked me If my Government
was Roing to recoxnlz* his government. 1 an
swered that I was there elmply in a military
capacity: that I could not acknowledge his
government b/cause I had no authority to do
so." *-
Would not our adversaries have sent Dewey' s
fleet to Man'la to capture and destroy the
Spanish sea power thei-e. or.- dispatching It
there, would they have withdrawn It after the
obstruction of the Spanish fleet, and. if the
latter, whither would they have directed It to
Rail? Where could !t have gone? What port
in the Orient was open to it? Do our adver
saries condemn the expedition tinder the com
mand of <leneral Merritt to strengthen Dewey
over Spain, with which nation we were at war?
Was It net our highest duty to strike Spain at
every vulnerable point, that the war might
be successfully concluded at the earliest prac
ticable moment?
Fpanlsh prisoners. All these demands were
refused."
Corroborative Reports.
Generals Merritt. CJreen and Anderson, who
were In command at the beginning of our oc
rvpation and until the surrender of Manila,
state that thTe was no alliance with the in-
I Kurgents and no promise to them of lndepend-
I ence. On Augnst 17. lvjs. General Merritt was
lion of Manila with the Insurgents. General
Anderson, under date of February 10, 1900. says
that he was present at the interview between
Admiral Dew«y and the Insurgent leader and
that In thlK Interview- Admiral Dewey made no
motlon reach the head of the department. • • •
•'Forty-five miles of railroad extension under
negotiation will give accet^s to a large province i
rich In valuable minerals, with strictly tern- |
perate climate a mile hiph. Railroad construc
tion will give employment to many and com- ;
munication will furnish market to vast stretches
of rich agricultural latuis."
They report that there are "calls from all
parts of the island for public schools, school
eupplies and English teachers, greater than
the Commission can provide, until a compre
hensive school ?>tt»Tn is organized. NlRht
schools for teaching EnpliFh to adults are being
established in response to popular demand. Na
tive children show aptitude in learning Eng
lish. Spanish is spoken by a. small fraction
of people and in a few years the medium of
communication in the courts, public offices and
between tribes will be Knglish. Creation of
central government within eighteen months, un
dT which substantially all rights described
in the bill of. rights in the Federal constitution
are to be secured to the pe i>le of the Philip
pine*, will bring to them contentment, prosper
ity, education and political enlightenment."
This shows to my countrymen
what has been and what is being
done to bring the benefits of liberty
and good government to these wards
of the nation.
Every effort has been directed to their peace
nnd prosperity, their advancement and well be
ing, not for aggrandlzement. nor for pride of
might, not for trade or commerce, not for ex
ploitation, but for humanity and civiliza
tion and for the protection of the
vast majority of the population
who welcome our sovereignty
against the designing minority
whose first demand after the surrender of Ma
nila by the Spanish nrroy was to enter the
city that they might loot it and destroy those
not in syn.pathy with their eelfish and treach
erous designs.
No Promises of Independence.
Nobody who will avail himself of the facts
will longer hold that there was any alliance
between our soldiers anil the insurgents or that
any promise of independence was made to them.
\jT\nz before a leader had reached Manila they
resolved, if the commander of the American
navy would give them armi= with which to fieht
the Fpanish army, they wouli later turn upon
us, which they did murderously and without
show of cause or Justification. There are those
without the means of full information who be
lieve that we were In alliance with the in
surgents, and that we assured them that they
should have Independence. To such let me re
peat the facts.
On the 18th of May, 1S9S, Admiral Dewey was
Instructed by me to make no alliance with any
party or faction in the Philippines that would
Incur liability to maintain their cause in the fu
ture and he replied under date of June 6, lSl'S:
"Have acted according to ppirlt of depart
ment's Instructions from the beginning and I
have entered into no alliance with the insur
gents or with any faction. This squadron can
reduce the defenses of Manila at any moment.
but it is considered useless until the arrival
of sufficient United States forces to retain pos
i session."
In the report of the first Philippine Commis
sion, submitted on November 2. 1S1'9, Admiral
Dewey, one of its members, said:
"No alliance of any kind was en
tered into with Aguinaldo nor was
any promise of independence made
to him at any time." i
General Merritt arrived in the Philippines
July £3. 1S9S. and a dispatch from Admiral
L'ewey to the Oovernment at Washington said:
"Merritt arrived yesterday. Situation Is must
critical at Manila. The Spanish may surrender
at any moment. Merritt's most difficult prob
i ltm will be how to dr-al with the insurgents
I under Aerulnaldo. who have become aggressive
I and even threatening toward our army."
Here is revealed the spirit of the insurgents
as early as July, 1S?\ before the protocol was
Ftgned, while we were Ftlll engaged In active
war with fpaln. ICven then the insurgents
were threatening our army. On August 13 Ma
nila was captured, and of this and subsequent
events the Philippine Commission says:
"When Manila was taken on August 13 the
Filipinos took no part In the attack, but came
following, with a view to looting the city,
and were only prevented from doing so l>y our
forces preventing them from entering. Aguin
eldo claimed he had the right to occupy the
city: he demanded of General Merritt the pal
are of Malacanan for himself and the cession
of all the churches of Manila, also that a part
of the money ta-ken from the Spaniards as
spoils of war should be given up, and. above
all. that he should be given the arms of the
If our opponents -would only prac
tice as well as preach the doctrines,
of Abraham Lincoln there would be
no fear for the safety of our institu-
The Republican party does not have to assert
Its devotion to the Declaration of Independence.
That Immortal. Instrument of the fathers re
mained unexecuted until the people under the
lead of the Republican party In the awful clash
of battle turned its promises Into fulfillment.
It wrote into the constitution the amendments
guaranteeing ! political equality to American
citizens nnd It has neyer broken them or coun
eeled others In breaking them. It will not be
guided in Its conduct by one set of principles
at home and another set In the new territory
belonging to the United States.
There Is a strain of Ill-concealed hypocrisy in
the anxiety to-, extend the constitutional guar
nntees to the people of the Philippines while
their nullification Is openly advocated at homo.
Our opponents may distrust themselves, but
they hfiv! no right to discredit the
coo<l faith and patriotism of the ma
jority of the people who are opposed to them.
They may fear the worst form of im
perialism with the helpless Filipinos
in their hands, but if they do, it is
because they have parted with the
spirit and faith of the fathers and
have lost the virility of the founders
of the party which they profess to
represent.
Freedom is the rock upon which the
Republican party was builded and
now rests. Liberty is the great Re
publican doctrine for which the peo
ple went to war and for which a mil
lion lives were offered and billions of
dollars expended to make it the law
of the legacy of all, without the con
sent of the master or slave.
Those -who profess to distrust the liberal and
honorable purposes of the administration in its
treatment of the Philippines are not Justified.
Imperialism has no place in its creed or con
duct.
There were those who two years ago
were rushing us on to war with
Spain who are now unwilling to ac
cept its clear consequences, as there
are those among us who advocated
the ratification of the treaty of peace,
but now protest against its obliga
tions. Nations which go to war must
be prepared to accept its resultant ob
ligations, and when they make trea
ties must keep them.
What. then, is the real Issue on this sub
ject? Whether It is paramount to any other
or not. It Is whether we shall be responsible
for the government of the Philippines with the
sovereignty and authority which enables us to
guide them to reeulated liberty, law, safety
and progress, or whether we shall be responsi
ble for the forcible and arbitrary government
of a minority without sovereignty and au
thority on our part, and only the embarrass
ment of a protectorate, which draws us into
their troubles without the power of preventing
them.
The Real Issue.
Our title I* practically identical with that
under which we hold our' territory acquired
since the beginning of the government and
under which we have exercised full sovereignty
and established government for the Inhabi
tants. It Is worthy of note that no one out
side of the United States disputes the fullness
and intecrity of the cession.
If any who favored its ratification be
lieved it gaye us a bad title, they were not
sincere. ,
The Senate believed It was a good title when
it gave it their constitutional consent and the
Confiress seems not to have doubted Its com
pleteness when it appropriated ?20,000,000 pro
vided by the treaty.
The Executive believed It would be a good
title when he submitted it to the Senate of the
United States for its ratification.
Our Peace Commissioners believe they were
receiving a good title when they concluded the
treaty.
We -will not give up our own to
guarantee another sovereignty. Our
title is good.
Our rights In the Philippines are now free
from outside Interference and will continue so
In our present relations. They would not be
thus free in any other relation.
Besides, If we cannot establish any govern
ment of our own, without the consent of the
governed, as our opponents contend, then we
could not establish a stable government for
them or make ours a protectorate without a
like consent, and neither the majority of the
people nor the minority have Invited us to
assume It. We could not maintain a pro
tectorate even with the consent of the gov
erned without giving provocation for conflicts
and possibly costly wars.
Neither Congress nor the Executive can es
tablish a stable government In these islands,
except under our right of sovereignty under
our authority and our flap. This we are do
ing. We could not do it as a protectorate
power so completely or so successfully as we
are doing it now. As the sovereignty power
we can Initiate action and shape means to
ends, and guide the Filipinos to self-develop
ment and self-government. Ab a protectorate
power, we could not initiate action but would
be compelled to follow and uphold a people
with no capacity yet to go alone. In the one
case we can prevent both ourselves and the Fil
ipino? from being Involved in dangerous com
plications; In the other we could not protect
even the Filipinos until after their trouble had
come.
No Government can so certainly
preserve the peace, restore the public
order and establish law, justice and
stable conditions as ours.
In short, the proposition of those opposed
to us is to continue all the obligations in the
Philippines which now rest upon the Govern
ment, only changing the relation from the
principle which now exists to that of surety.
Our responsibility is to remain, but our power
Is to be diminished. Our obligation is to be of
no less, but our title Is to be surrendered to
another power which is without experience or
training or the ability to maintain *u stable
government at home and absolutely helpless to
perform its International obligations with the
rest of the world. To this we are opposed.
We should not yield our title while our obli
gations last. In the language of our platform.
"Our authority should not be less than our
responsibility," and our "responsibility is to
establish our authority In all islands."
Plans of Opponents.
to assassinate our soldiers and all foreigners,
and to pillage and destroy Its surroundings.
—New York Herald.
BRYAN OPENS HIS CAMPAIGN.
The nation faces the new century
gratefully and hopefully, with in
creasing love of country, with firm
faith in its free institutions, and witJi
high resolve that they "shall not per
ish from the earth."
Very respectfully yours,
WILLIAM McKINLEY.
Relief of Peking.
The nation Is filled with gratitude that the
little band, among them many ot our own blood,
who for two months have been subjected to pri
vation and peril by attack of pitiless hordes at
the Chinese capital, exhibiting supreme courage
In the face of despair, have been enabled by
God's favor to greet their rescuers and find
shelter under their own flag.
The people, not alone pf this land liut of oil
lands, have been watched and prayed through
the terrible stress and protracted agony ot"
the helpless sufferers in Peking, and while at
times dark tidings seemed to make all hop- 1
vain, the rescuers never faltered In the heroic
fulfillment of their noble task. We are grate
ful to our own soldiers and sailors and marines,
and to all the brave men who. thouKh assem
bled under many standards, representing the
peoples and races of strangers In country and
speech, were yet united in the sacred mission
of carrying succor to the besieged, with a suc
cess that is now the cause of a world's re-
Joicine.
Not only have we reason for thanksfrivlngr for
our material blessings, but we should rejoice
in the complete unification of the people of all
sections of our country that has so happily de
veloped In the last few years and made for us
a far more perfect union. The obliteration of
oM differences, the common devotion to the
flae and the common sacrifices for Its honor,
so conspicuously shown by the men cf the
North and South in the Spanish war, have bo
strengthened the tics of friendship and mutual
respect that nothing- can ever again divide us.
The American question Is between duty and
desertion— the American verdict will be for duty
and against desertion; for the republtc against
both anarchy and Imperialism.
The country has been fully advised of the
purposes ot the United States in China and they
will b» faithfully adhered to as already defined.
Empire has been expelled from Porto Rico
and the Philippines by American freemen. The
flag of the republic now floats over these Islands
as an emblem of rightful sovereignty. Will
the republic stay and dispense to their inhab
itants the blessings of liberty, education and
free Institutions, or steal away, leaving them
to anarchy or Imperialism?
tions at home or their rightful influ
ence in any territory over which our
flag floats.
Amnesty Proclamation.
•MANILA. P. I . June II. IM8.
'"By direction of the l'real-Ient of the United
Ftntes the uni'.erfigned nnnouncs amr.esitj'
v;th comrilrte immunity for the. past and ab-
Kdatc Ii5:>erty of a-ftion for the future to all
IMUBOWi who me now cr at any time since
T ••Lruary 4, :s?:>. have l^een in insurrt'.-tion
blu'-.m the CnltM State*, in either a military
cr a civil capacity, and wha shall, within a
r<riod of ninety days Irom the date hereof.
formally renounce all connection with such ln
f-i:rre<-ti^n and subscribe to a declaration ac
k&mrtefistac arl<^ acceptius; the sovereignty of
ti'e I'n'.ted BULtes over the Philippine Islands.
Ttos prlx'.'.epe herewith published is extended to
«i! ooncerr.'d without reser\-B.tion whatever,
excepting that i>erpons who have violated the
laws cf -war durlr.e the period of active hos
tilitiae are not embraced within the scope of
this Rir.nesry. • • •
"In order to icitlsate as much a* pop^ible
the c<ir.Fequ«ncee resultinB Trorn the various
«:fturbs.r.«es which, Fince 18**. have euocerded
*?<"h other fo rapidly and to provide in pome
measure for destitute Filipino soMIers diirlng
th» transitory period which must inevitably
pur-oeed a general i^eace, the military authori
ties of the United States will pay thirty pesos
to each man who presents a rifle in good con
dition."
t'nder their instructions the commission,
ccmposeil of representative Americans of dif
ferent sections of the country and from differ
rr.t po'.lticaJ partiFs. whose character and abil
ity guarantee the most faithful. intelliKer.t and
pilrlotlc service, are now laboring to establish
c. stable e-overr.ment under civil control, in
v.hicii the inhabitants fhall participate, pivlntf
the-n opportunity to demonstrate how far they
f.r. ; r<i ;tred for self-government.
Report of Civil Commissioners.
Tbia rrrimlfsion. under date of August 21.
T.-\ rr.akes a.:i Interesting report from which
| lot* The following extract?:
"Hcttillty apair.st American* originally
i- ~- i ly absurd falsehoods of unscrupulous
kta Jers The diPtrlbutlcn of troops in three
! II .-«; posts ha* by contact largely difr^ll*^!
j rtllltle*. and steadily Improved the temper of
people. This improvement is furthered by
(, ! ..:st-f- "f insurv^nts. I^arjte numbers of people
; ng for r*ace and are willing to accept gov
ernmeot under the Ur.i?e<l States. lnsurcent.-<
rot ¦'jrrenirrinjr after defeat divide Into small
jr.; '!-'-'< a bands ur.fler general officers, crbeecme
r< bbet*. Nearly all of the prominent generals
r* ' | "litiolans of the insurrection except Apul-
DsJdo have frince been captured or have pur
r«oderc4 and taken the oath of allegiance. • •
••All Northern Luzon except two provinces
FttbetanUally free from insurgents, people busy
¦ • ¦ ¦ (? ar.i asking for municipal orsanisation.
Railway an.i telegraph lin*« from Manila to
lat-yian. ".22 miles, not molested for five
tnonth« • • • Tapalo^s alone active In lead
t warfare. In Neprop, <"ebu, Rom
! I n. llastete, Blboyan. Tabiss. liohol ar.d other
I • pttie. Island* little disturbance exists and
civil groverament eaperly awaited. • • •
:<r-rts of iVlands have created unsettled ccndl
licn« • • •
¦Native oor.stabulan" an 1 ' militia, which
FhouM be orpar.iz^.1 at once, will end this and
the terroriFTn to •rtildl defenseless people are
t bie^teri The natiies des:re to enlist in thtM
rrcanlzatlODB, If judiciously selected and at
'.•¦.: will be efficient forces for maintenance,
.-<ier a_nd will pe^niit eariy reduction of
I ; - •• ¦: States tmops. • • •
•TuT.inc islands over to coterie of Ta«a
loc pollt.tcla.oa •will blipht fair prospects j
f e^ rrr.ous Improvement; drive out capi
tal: rr.r-V.? lif" and pmperty, 6e<rti!ar and
relipiouf. ir.ift insecure; banish by f p ar
f f cruel cor.scripticn any body of con-
UMtUit Filipino" who have aided Amer
1 ?r.s in "Rell founded belief that their people
(.re nor now fit for spSf (tovernmem. and re-
; ' ••-¦v'are same oppression ar.d. corruption which
existed la all provinces under Maloks insur
p«>nt government during the eight months or
i'.y coiitrol. The result will be factiona.1 strife
between JealoiM leaders, chaos and anarchy.
and will require and Justify active Interven
tion of our G"vrrnment or some other. • • •
Improved Conditions.
"B'j'lnw Interrupted by war much Improved
ss peace extends. • • • In Sffnm more su
r.ir in cultivation than ever before. New fcr
#vtrv . rf-jiaticjis eive impetus to timher trade
end reduce hieh prices of lumber. The earn
tomB collections for the Isust quarter ..0 per cent
ri-'ater than ever In Pranl^h historj" and AuKUf-t
'-.rpctior.F show further increase. The total
revenue for the fame period one-third preater
than in any quarter under Fpain. though cedula
t&x chief source of Spanish revenue, practical
•* : Lb* ; '«hed Economy eri'i efficiency of mill
• ry s rveiwuent have created surplus fund of
OOO wMch should be expended in much
r.^etfea public works notably improvement of
•Is Varbor. • • • With proper Tariff and
:'•>«. Manila will become great port of
The Commission !s confident that "by a Judi
c ta o ''¦ n law, r»asor.able land tax and
proper corporation franchise tax. the lmposi
' ' nc preater ratf than that In average
Arrieri'sn States will Five less annoyance a.nd
w.th ;»a(.- will produf-e revenue sufficient to
; expense* of efficient government, includ
!rp mUltia ¦¦¦-•A c r.stabulary. They are pre
: e ;¦. •¦Tr:rx<'r.t civil *<>rvlce law, irl\-ln)?
equal '•¦; porttmlty to Filipinos and Americans
vith \r* fesvnee for farmer, where qualifications
ere fju:,:, •. fTit.-r at lowest rank and by pro-
"I charge this commission to labor
for the full performance of this ob
ligation, which concerns the honor
F.nd conscience of their country, in
the firm hope that, through their
labors, all the inhabitants of the
Philippine Islands may come to look
bf.ck with gratitude to the day when
God g-ave victory to American ¦ arms
at Manila and t.et their land under
the sovereignty and protection of ths
people cf the United States.
That all might f-har" in the regeneration of
th*> UlanrtF and participate in their govern
ment. 1 direried OTiPrnl MftCAltfc&r. the Mili
tary Governor of the Philippine Islar.dg, to
lfs-ue a proc'.Riration of amnesty whifh COO
ttlried am'r.j other statements the td0a9tiagt
•" "This city, it* inhabitants, its churches and
rc-lipjoi.!! worship. Its eflueatlonal estallish
ments and Its private property, of all descrip
tions. »r« p!ace<l under the special saf^kruari
of the faitls and honor of the American army."
"I V-»!i^\*> this I'ledir* has hfen faithfully
kept. A hich and raored ob'.'.eatlon r^sts ur>^n
the Govprr.rr.pnt of the T'nitf.l Ptafs to plve
protection for property and life, civil and re
i.cinus fr«v<lonr.. and wise end ur.solfi^h puid
nr.i-* in tht- paths of peace and prosperity to
c!! the people of the Philippine Inlands.
*.':.' .'.a on the ISth of Augrust, 183S. concluded
vith thf-se wor<58:
OF PARTY'S NOMINATION
THE SA^T FRANCISCO CAI/L, MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 10. 1900.
It Is reported that a strike will b» order
ed Tuesday night. All eyes are now
turned toward the "West.
The operators, on the other hand regard
the postponement of the strike as mean
ing: that the leaders do not yet consider
the anthracite field strongly enough or
ganized to force them to grant demands
made by the recent Hazelton convention,
and unless a great change has occurred in
their attitude they will not arbitrate or
make any concessions, regardless of the
decision of the national board to hold off
and give more time for an adjustment of
the trouble.
open for bringing about a iettleznent
through arbitration, although only a few
of the many operators who would be af
reeted by the strike have agreed to that
proposition.
5
ADVERTISEMENTS.
§of every descrip-
25/o Cut.
Repairing, Dress-
ing and Dyeing at
121 Post St.,
Over O'Ccnnor, Moffatt & Co.'s,
Rooms 1 to I!.
Don't Mistake the Number.
MINICSS DENTISTRY I €&&\
>fl^ No Plates Required. Wd
OCR HEMOVABLE BRIDGE WORK IS
beautiful and durable. Warranted 19 j ears.
Our (5 plates fit likt a glove.
Our method for painless extracting Is patented
and used by no ether dentist on the J'acifl.-
Coe*t-
PRICE LIST FOR 3O DAYS t
r&Jnlw» Extraction 25o
Removable. Bridge work $.'t.<H»
Arr.aiF&m 5«>e
Mrs. l»r. R. L. Walsh will attend to the chil-
dren's teeth — painlessly.
DR. R. L. U/flLSH.
llt\. GEAHT STREET, between Hyde and
L*rkln. Telephone Polk 113o.
AD VE RTISEMSNTS.
Weak Men Cured
Cf/- Fi.Fi'Tiir rci.t j&Sn
DR. MCLAUGHLIN'S ELECTRIC BELT haa
restored health and strength tn thousand* of
weak men. If used as I direct it Is a positive
cure and cannot fall. It Kiv»» the vitalizing
power of electricity, without burning or bll»-
terinif. to ev*?ry weaK^np*! ps%rt. d©veloptnic full
vigor. It removes all the effects of dissipations
forever. I want every weak man. who Is not
the man he should be. to use my Belt, and
when he Is cured, tell his friends of Its won-
derful effects. My Belt Is an absolute remedy
for nervous debility, backache, rheumatism,
stomach. liver, kidney and bladder troubles. It
Is arranged for women as well as men, and
cures female weakness. I know what it will
do and can iruarantee It.
ARE YOU WEAK ? ACT TO-DAY !
If you are weak, if you have varlcocele. lame
back, rheumatism, weak stomach, dyspepsia,
sleeple?<«nes!>. physical decline, loss of enerjry
and ambition, or any evidence of breaking dow n
ol the physical or nervous system, corns
and see me, or. if you can't call, write for my
book and symptom blanks, which are sent,
sealed, free.
dr. m. a. Mclaughlin,
702 Market St.. Car. Ksirny. S. F.
iad cor. Spring and Sesoad 8tj. , Lot A age! eg.
§VIM. VIGOR, VITALITY for MM
MORMON BISHOP'S PILLS
have been tn use over fifty
years by tho leaders of th«
Mormon Church and their fol-
lowers. Positively cures ths
worst cases Id old and young
arising from effects of self-
abuse, dissipation, excesses or
cigarette-smoking. Cures Lost
Manhood. Irnpotency, Lost
Power. Nlffht Losses. Insom-
nia. Pains tn Back. Evil Desires. Lama Back.
Nervous Debility. Headache. Unfltness to Mar-
ry. Loss of Semen. y» Varlcocele or Con-
Hlpatlon. Stops na f'J f J rvous Twitching
of K/elids. Effects f • Immediate,
Impart vigor and l<c " ' to every
function. Don't eet despondent: a cure ts at
hand. Restores small, undeveloped organs.
Stimulates the brain and nerve centers; 60c a
box; 6 for t2 50 by mall. A written guarantee to
cure or money refunded with ( boxes. Circulars
free. Adrtress BISHO? REMEDY CO.. «0 Elllt
»t.. San Francisco. Ca!.. GRANT DRUO CO..
»8 tad 40 Third st.
Opera Classes
20 % Cut,
Ircluiilnr Lenialreo. with and without handle*.
Ocullits' prescriptions filled. Factory oa
premises. Quick repairing. Phone, Main It.
0PTICIAN5^ H0T >h = t w .
642 Market 5t. instruments
UNDER CMRCXiCU 31HJ.0IN&. CATALOGUE fflTt.
I PALACE HOTEL
It Is universally acknowledged that thesa
hotels possess tho attributes that appeal
to particular people— undoubted luxury and
comfort, unsurpassed cul.«tne and service
and superior appointments and location.
Connected by a covered pa.«a*eway and
American and European plans.
GRAND HOTEL
XJ fCJTyr \ Vvlbf> tZ n ten t5«
R5J- fSfiy -n %^ £¦ ft*¥ JS^^k^iHjR
[J R I 13} fagga tgj £Tj fi I Egg
H 98 Cf EsSS pa ¦¦a S tL® JH
1A/. T. HESS.
K0TABT PUJuI- 1 ANJ ATTu&X4Y-Ar-I,AW.
Tenth Floor, Room 1015. Claus Spreckeia Bid*.
Telephone Brown 931.
Residence. 821 California aL. below Pvw«u.
.— P0Rri ™- 1 THE EMPORIUM.
i Sheet Music Bargains, |
*: >
K .^i&SjEgllllij The b*S store is the first s
i; d^^^^^^^s t0 °^ er for sa!e Jessie B art " 5
£ .J^fflBiiiiliSs Iett Davis' great Songs, :5
% ' w hich are the hit of her S
£ •^^^^^£-/' act at the Orpheum this :?
$ lllPP^f week. They are entitled: S
i " ThQ w *y to Win a i
£ Afe^^^^^T^I Woman's Heart," *
? c*KrK^r^$4£ l^^^M "It'S Just BeCDUSO I \
j£ '- tling or singing these beautiful, '%
V catchy songs. We have bought the Entire first edition for the •£
% Coast from Mr. Sol. Bloom, the publisher. At our regular half- 3»
j£ price method of retailing mu3ic these song? would be 25c each, '<«
x but by purchasing the entire edition we are enabled to 4 BZ*% 5
% offer them all this week at per copy ***** .«
J- By further special arrangement with Mr. Bloom we also offer J*
jjC all this week the cream of his other popular music 1B%g% %
g at per copy ***** J
S^ This offer includes the following song3 and instrumental mu3ic: £
£" "I Am Certainly Living a Ragtime Life." "Since Thou Art Mine." Jf
X 'Td Like to Hoar That Song Asaln." !!™ s Will Never Love ApUa." jf
*t "Ifs tha Man Behind the Gun That iJm~.4m....— -.S~.W 5
tk Does the Work." MS FfCflf} G/Ifa/* .%
h "Don^t You Want a Little Doirgr?" "AdmtMlon Day March and Two-Step."
% "That Old Sweetheart of Mine." "La Bouton March and Two-Steo." &
I? "I Wonder if They Care to See Me Now." "Elliott Waltiea.*-. M
*? "The Sons of Liberty Bell." "Cyrano Waltzes." jf
•? "My Honolulu Queen." "Coon Town Jubilee." •
J "Toreadors I>ive Sone." "MeKlnley March and Two-Step." jj
£ «
g opens 8 a.m. gP OoldenRaleftaaaaJ .*\ S'niw!!' 1 " S
*>* Tuesday. Caufornias laroest-america^ grandest store, nirs frea.
SPECIALISTS FOR MEN—ESTABLISHED 1881
1 -^^^^^^-^. 'VVe have pained our pres-
3 Sti?il^§^— -^ — ~o^^?a>^-^*v ent hiP h standing by ourirK
/2^P^^"^?^='5>^i^l^ ;^^sif ~»,^ diseases ami weakness not
(^it^^^^^^T^^^S^ 41 b«t those whicli had t>pcorru :
/(*2JSS^^*^^ ~"^^^$n chronic and dangerous by
!'&Gffi3t&-^%, f^^S&sL ' >a<^ treatment or neglect.
x&wwW/j $^M§) rience in hospitals, general
jj£x% / $&/ / /y practice and as specialists in
(tfjsK^*^?^' •• ~§v» curing diseases and weak-
V 1 Nl (v^^ r\^ <^I^S~' married or single, regardless
' \ » **$$ '•, >S$S\3 ol " the cause ot their trouble.
\ u$i>£q // / tlxm.\ miisttr wasting weaK*
//\ ifil \-vSSJ,' ness. unnatural drains,
yty^' WiWr •^'^'JySjIif /' Intently 0 " <1Ulckly and per "
A^l^SmikV/ We also cur8 special
MA •lff&!Pi< and contracted diseases.
WM V^WlW^fMii^ including contagious
WwA blood P° ison « stricture,
WM\ J^^K»t^ varicOMle '^ drocele '^ :
§#11 \v / v!w*M|r^^ ture, piles, diseases of tho
Pl"!f^O Sc^-^-^^^ ! K^' kidne y» s P ine > bladder,
n*.tn.<klll4A£iAn r,i*. Our reputation is the best.' We
hnilRlilTmintl PlPP are popular because we cure our pa-
UUHUUHUIIUII I lUU'tients quickly and permanently.
Any one doubting our ability and wishing to test our methods, rem-
edies and appliances may deposit the price of a cure in any bank in San
Francisco. If a cure is not effected in a reasonable time the bank
will return the money. Payments may be made in monthly installments
if preferred. Prices reasonable, alike to rich or poor.
731 Market Street mm™ *%£»™>
SAN FRANCISCO. JjJMlltAHUJU Sundays— 9 to IIThe Democratic statesmen, who" traveled from all
parts of the. State to .the convention at San Jose and
found that their policy had already been outlined and
their actions dictated by the bosses, must have some
very emphatic opinions on the programme in politics.
The London Chronicle notes the arrival in that mar
ket of a large shipment of Australian oranges, but re
cords the fact that the sale was disappointing and at
tributes it to a prejudice against the fruit. The
chances arc, however, that the Londoners have by
this time learned to judge oranges by the California
standard and the Australians cannot come up to it.
This Monument Has Been Dedicated
, T September 9, 1500
Very reepectrully yours "-¦
SepteXrVioS"- DE ST ' HUBERT.
To Claus Fpreckels.
?. Cltlzens of San Francisco
Most Gratefully Thankful.
Then on the left:
Editor The Call— Dear Sir: Rudolf Jor
dan's letter in your issue of this day sug
gesting an inscription for the park mu
sic stand Is a very proper one.
Claus Spreckels of his own inspiration
modestly made the splendid gift to tho
citizens of the city of San Francisco
I suggest that a bust of Claus Spreckels
be carved out in bold relief on the right
t^^sTm^^c^ticn VZoT™™"
Suggested Inscription.
John Vogel. a saloon-keeper of New Al
bany. Ind had the reputatton of being
T^tly methodical In all his actions. U*
was taken sick a few days ago and waa
informed that he had only a fe« hours
to live. Mr. Vogel got out of bed quickly,
went to the telephone and called up a
ItSi/ni^?" 1 he pave most minute ln
hiTion 1 3 I? the c °ming funeral. Then
he called up his bartender and gave slm
htinJ, P <i Ce directions regarding his
S 1 I a £ alrs - A" this having been at
dead in forty minutes.
I oX ,° R . IC - SeDt - 9 -*mfl-M Hale of
X?nJl S % r 3 S at thG Mn W Hill W, B.
Morris of Los Angeles Is at the Savoy.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
SENATOR FORAKER. in opening the Repub
lican campaign in Ohio, stated the whole truth
concerning the insincerity of the Bryanites in
attacking the Philippine policy of the adminstration
in language so terse it merits the attention of all
voters. "The paramount issue of the campaign,"
said the Senator, "is the administration of McKinley,
Shall it be indorsed or repudiated?" Then, com
menting upon what the Democrats call the paramount
issue, he added:
If President McKinley had pursued such a policy as
Mr. Bryan Is now proposing if elected, he would have
been branded as a weak betrayer of his trust and as
responsible for a great national humiliation. If you have
any doubt about this you have only to turn back to the
expressions of Democratic newspapers and Democratic
leaders at the time when our trouble in the Philippines
commenced, to learn that these men who are now talk
ing about hauling down the flag, giving the Filipinos
Independence and making peace on any terms, were then
more imperialistic and bloodthirsty and tyrannical, as
indicated by the advice they gave, than President Mc-
Kinley has ever been charged by them to be.
That statement contains nothing of the exaggera
tion of campaign oratory. It is the exact truth. Tiie
Call has repeatedly published extracts from the self
advertised Bryan organ on this coast, the Examiner,
showing that it actually did demand the adoption of a
•policy toward the Philippines "more imperialistic,
bloodthirsty and tryrannical" than any it has as yet
charged McKinley with, even in its most frant'ic mo
ments. — .
In fact, among the Bryanites arc many men who are
real imperialists. They suppress the negro vote in
the South and if they could would willingly suppress
the Republican vote everywhere. They are now sup
porting Bryan for the purpose of defeating McKinley
and getting control of the Government, but they mock
at Bryan's anti-expansion declarations and at the anti
imperial plank in the Kansas City platform. They
denounce McKinley as an imperialist because he up
holds the flag in the Philippines, but they would have
denounced him as a traitor had lie hauled it down.
In fact, the aim of the Bryanites is to drag down the
party of protection and the gold standard. They mas
querade as anti-imperialists solely to catch the votes
of the unwary to help them to that end. The para
mount issue then is the choice between prosperity or
calamity, for the election of Bryan would be a calamity
surpassing anything the republic has known since the
Civil War. ¦>•;;;?;
THE PLAIN TRUTH CF IT.
Fred T. Jane, the well-known naval ex
pert, was on board one of the ships dur
ing the recent British naval maneuvers
as correspondent for a leading London
journal. His criticism of the defects of
the ships is sound in all .essential points
and the manner in which he talks to the
Admiralty for its apparent neglect is evi-
Two gun vessels in the French navy
just completed— the Decidee and Zelee—
are 645 and 64G tons, respectively, and
nearly identical dimensions, the Zelee
drawing only 10 feet 6 inches against the
Decidee 12 feet 6 inches. They are both
fitted with Niclause boilers of 1000 horse
power, but their trials show a considera
ble difference in coal consumption with
the same horsepower. Thus the Zelee
under 335 horsepower consumed 1.25
pounds per horsepower, and during her
six hours' f ull speed developed 953 horse
power at an expenditure of 1.59 pounds.
The Decidee, with the same power, con
sumed 1.51 pounds and 1.S9 pounds, re
spectively. The consumption of either
vessel is in excess of tnat of the Ameri
can water-tube boiler used and being in?
stalled in the United States navy, and
also exceed the consumption of the coast
ing steamers here, notwithstanding the
fact that th» coal used ia much inferior to
that supplied to ships of war.
A comparison of armaments of British
and German battleships shows that the
cost of the latter is nearly double that
of the British ships. The German battle
ships are about 11,800 tons and carry main
batteries— four 9.6-inch, eighteen 6-lnch
guns and six torpedo tubes at a total cost,
including the smaller guns, which are
about the same in number on both ships,
of $1,250,000. The British type is 15,000 tons
carries four 12-inch, twelve 6-inch and
four torpedo tubes at a cost of $630,000.
The main battery of the Oregon is com
posed of four 13-lnch, eight 8-inch, four
6-inch and two toroedo tubes and cost
$5S3,5D9, including the secondary battery,
and the Iowa's four 12-inch, eight 8-inch,
six 4-inch and four torpedo tubes are re
ported to have been Installed for $3S3.S59.
The extraordinary cost of the German
battery is susceptible to the explanation
that cheap labor is very expensive.
The British armored cruiser Hogue,
12,000 tons, 21,000 horsepower and 21 knots
speed, was launched August 13 at the yard
of Vickers' Sons & Maxim at Barrow-in-
Furness. The belt is of 6-inch Krupp steel
and her battery is composed of two 9.2
inch, twelve 6-inch and seventeen smaller
quick-firers./ The four boiler compart
ments, hdlcHns thirty Belleville boilers,
take in 130 feet of the length of the ship,
which is 440 feet. The vessel is wood
sheathed and* coppered, enabling her to
maintain a maximum speed without the
necessity of clocking or expending an un
due amount of fuel.
The German squadron, consisting of the
dispatch vessel Hela and the battleships
Brandenburg, Kurfurst, Frledrich Wll
helm. Weissenburg and Worth, arriveu
at Singapore August 21 bound for China
waters. The ships left AVllliamsr.afen
July 9 and have probably proceeded at
their most economical speed of eight to
ten knots. With the arrival of the squad
ron on the coast of China Vice Admiral
Bcndeman will have twenty-five vessels
under his command.
The British Admiralty has given the
contract for the naval port to be estab
lished at Simons Bay to Sir John Jack
son. The contemplated work will cost
about $12,500,000.
THE WORLD'S WARSHIPS
Two men recently lost their lives over
board the British battleship Uoliath in
the harbor of Hongkong t>»roush the
seeming neglect of the officers of -the ship.
Gunner MacNicoll, canteen server, went
down into the forward torpedo head
magazine to get up some stores. Another
gunner became unea3v at . iae><. coil's
long absence and finding the hatch closed
thought his mate had return;yi to the
deck. He made search for him and not
finding his man lifted up the hatch cover,
when he discovered MacNicoll lying at
the foot of the ladder. He called for as
sistance and four men, one after the oth
er, endeavored to set the me- out. but
three of them were overpowered by the
crrbonic acid gas in the hold. FInaily
Lieutenant Borland went down with a
bowline and a handkerchief over his
mouth and succeeded in getting a line
around one of the men and pulling him
up, and the other two were subsequently
hauled out. Two died and the third had
a close call. The accumulation of gas is
preventable if the regulations which pro
vide for tho opening and ventilation of
holds, bunkers and storerooms at stated
times are complied with. Explosions in
coal bunkers, as a rule, are c'ue to neg
lect of the officers who are charged with
looking after such matters in their routine
duty.
dently relished by the service afloat. He
suggests that some member of Parlia
ment should inquire why there are no
electric ammunition hoists in the navy,
when this contrivance has been adopted
by all other navies, also what the Admi
ralty knows and wh. t It has done about
submarine boats. Of Mr. Goschen, First
Lord of the Admiralty. Mr. Jane says:
"'He Is too old, too ignorant of naval mat
ters, too much of a mere party politician
to be able to chanse matters, even if he
had the will." The root of the evil, the
writer contends, is with the permanent
officials, who have a dread of work, and
therefore go on pigeon-holing into ob
scurity reports and letters on subjects,
attention to which would be of benefit to
the service. Mr. Jane's resume contains
more food for reflection and more dam
aging facts than the Navy League has
presented during its existence, and It is
sure to bear good results.
Percy L. McDermott, a wealthy mer
chant of New York. ls ' m the Tcrtv £, a
Pleasure trip and is staying at the KaVe
tuTer°or C £ rn T aCl V a P romi "Pnt manufae-
Irtn h x° UiS * l3 at the Palace. Hi3
trip here combines business and pleasure
th^ ,£,, ? McI ? onaM °f Santa Rosa ! 3 in
the city to enjoy the celebration and la
registered at the Occidental
James McLachlan, Republican nomlne«
for Congresa In the Sixth District i 3 a
guest of the Palace ~" *
Dr W. R. Bird, one of th© well-known
physicians of Los Angeles, is registered
at the Palace.
J. A. Migliavacea. one of the best known
wine men of «Capa, is registered at tha
Grand.
Dr. W. H. Gruenberg ot Sacramento la
at the Palace.
II. M. La Ruo of Sacramento Is a guest
of the Occidental.
"W. H. Turner. Mayor of Merced, la a
guest of the Palace.
E. A. Meserve, an attorney of Los An
peies, is at the Grand.
George B. Lovdal. a tig hopgrower
of Sacramento, i3 at the Palace.
Dr. J. M. Blodgett, a prominent physi
cian of Lodi, is a guest of the Grand.
PERSONAL MENTION.
Jt looks as if Bryan were weakening on anti-im
perialism and has an idea of making it an anti-trust
right, so we may have an exhibition of John J. Valen
tine flipping another flop before election day and
explaining that Bryan doesn't mean it any more than
he means free silver.
The only point at which San Francisco got left this
year is that of neglecting to have the census taken this
week instead of last June.
BUSINESS R.EMARKABLY EVEN.
IT i« rather unusual for trade to improve during a
¦ Presidential year, but it seems to be doing it this
* year, it commercial reports from different parts of
the country be correct. They note a cheerful tone
everywhere, with increasing distribution in several
H'ction?, and a marked recovery in the iron and steel
trade, in itself a goo i barometer of the condition of
business.
The bank clearings, however, show neither gain nor
loss. Week after week they exhibit the same unvary
ing decrease from la-t year of about 16 per cent. This
figure 10 seems to be stereotyped as the weekly re
sult of the nation's clearings. It is for the time
being a mystic and unvarying quantity, like the north
star. It shows what has already been remarked, that,
having got down to its proper level some months
igo. trade has not varied an iota since.
There is another curious feature about these weekly
clearing — the half (Imcn largest cities show a lo?s
every week, with hardly a br*eak. Thus, compared
with the vaine week in i^o/?. N r e* York la=t week lost
24 per cent, Boston 16.8 per cent. Chicago 1.5 per
cent. Philadelphia J5.4 per cent and St. Louis 4.2 per
cent. The nine next lnrgest cities pained. This ratio
ai-o i.- kept up week after week. Conditions seem fixed
.-•.li over the country. The ratio of failures likewise
ari'car~ stationary. th<;»e last week being 145. against
132 last year. All these figures illustrate the note
worthy stcadiv.er-s of tir.de. in spite of the Presidential
campaign. The reason lor this i* probably that the
great commercial and financial interests of the coun
try sre satisfied that the present administration will
not be changed by the election, for -if there is anv
thing abhorrent to trade it is a violent change.
Fluctuations in prices have been few and far be
tween duri'ijr the past month or so. As previously
observed, the iron and steel trade is in better shape
and most mills report large and increasing orders,
while October I is the date set for a peneraWeopen
iiiK of the mills now shut down. The shipyards of
the Pacific and the takes are reported full of ordes
for the next eight months. As against this improve
ment, however, there i* a falling off in the wool and
i)oot and shoe trades rr.d the other staples are gener
ally reported quiet and featureless, as usual at this
time of the year.
Wall street continues inactive, but the feel
ing in most stocks is steady. There i<= a rumor on
the street that England is again feeling toward Amer
ica for a loan and that ."ftcr the election she will agam
draw on this country for a few millions in gold coin
against a new issue of Uer bonds. If we keeo on this
way for two or three years more we .vill have prettv
much all Europe in our debt. Those snnguine finan
ciers who predicted a^ lew years ago that the United
States would soon be the world's banker were not so
far wroPT after all.
As far as local trade is concerned, there is little new
to report. In this city the current celebration has en
i:\cned things wonderfully and prices for some e->t-ihlo
have advanced accor.lmjj to the increase in the citv'
population. Downtown merchants report a ste-ui
demand for ail kinds of merchandise, both for local
and export account, jrd ships to carry away what we
sell to foreign countries are rather hard to find. It
was not many years go that owners of ships were
complaining of the extreme depression in their busi
ness. The canners report an active demand for
canned goods of all kinds — salmon, fruits, vegetables.
etc Country produce is generally steady in price and
only here and there a really dull line is found.
It is turning out a pretty good j'ear all around,
even if we are doing less business than in 1890. But
tnat. it must not be forgotten, was the year of the
great commercial boom.
TWO PROMISES OF SCIENCE.
nANY are the promises with which men of
science are now cheering the civilized world.
They hold before us the prospect of vastly in
creased power over the forces of nature and awakeu
the hope that within a time comparatively short we
may be able to accomplish with little machinery the
work which now entails such costly plants, as to give
capital an extraordinary advantage in industrial com
petition. Most of there promises are vague, the good
they may yield is indefinite and their realization is
seemingly far off. Two. however, recently put for
ward are apparently attainable within a few years and
their character is such the probable benefits can bo
calculated now.
One of the two comes from .England and was made
at the meeting on Saturday of the British Association
for the Advancement of Science. The dispatch in
reporting it said: "Sir William Henry Preece,. con
sulting engineer to the British PoVtoffice, made the
interesting announcement that as a result of his ex
periments with wireless telegraphy he had found it
quite possible to convey audible speeches six to eight
miles across the sea without wires. He added that it
was a practical commercial system and might be ex
tended to communicate bet\^-en ships and between
ships and the shore."
The other comes from Nikola Tesla. who claims to
have invented a method of insulating wires, which will
put an end to the present methods of transmitting
electrical currents and substitute new methods, which
will remove all danger of death from live wires and
also greatly reduce the loss of electricity in transmis
sion. The new insulation is to be by cold air. A corre
spondent of the London Telegraph reports that in an
interview on the subject Tesla said:
Before my cold-air insulation can be used the wires
will be placed under jrround. Sawdust and water are
likely to prove the most effective materials — to be placed
in a trough extending if desired a,cross the continent
A thin metal tube, capable of resisting a pressure of
200 pounds to the square inch, will be used for the pur
pose of transmitting- the current long- distances. The
trouch would be buried five or six feet below the sur
face, and, through a pipe submerged in the substance
intended to be frozen, will then be forced t. current of
gas. probably hydropen. reduced to a temperature of
minus 200 deprees, which will suffice to freeze the ma
terial and neutralize the heat generated by the elec
tricity. Assuming the invention, it gives to the world an
almost perfect insulator of gigantic value. Apparently
no electricity will be wasted in transmission. The cost
of the new insulation Is less than that of the present
method, hence the. invention is indispensable to telephone
and telegraph companies. Water-power* converted into
electricity can be carried thousands of miles. I f m d
Niagara's power can be brought to New York with a
loss of not more than a half to one per cent. For the
first time power will be used for insulation instead of
property. Most important changes in the industrial and
electrical world are bound to result.
Apparently neither of these two promises of ad
vanced power is any more improbable of fulfillment
than was the promise of wireless telegraphy as short
a time r.s two years ago. Wireless telegraphy has be
come a power of practical use in every civilized coun
try and it is therefore reasonable to assume that wire
less telephoning may not be" hopeless of speedv
det yourscu registered, get your friends registered
and then tell them to £ C t their friends registered: we
must have a big vote for prosperity to start the Stati
tov.-i.rd the next jubilee.
The glow and the bcriutj' of the electric lights may
c?tc!i the eye of the visitor to town, but after all it is
the San Francis:o airl that holds it longest^
TA.OER .photo
MBS. ROBERT MACONDRAY.
(Photo by Taber.)
primmer. Their devotion to the tongue
of our new possessions is surely marvel
ous. Why it ia gathered, from a most
reliable source, that Misa Wells misserj
two horseback rides last week so sho
might give that time to a Spanish lesson.
On September 12 there Is to be a gen
eral hegira of college girls who have been
spending their summer vacations with
their families in this city. Those pre
pared to return to their books on Wednes
day are Hazel King, Genevieve King,
Hiss Dean, Miss Vrooman, Miss Terry
and Miss De Fremery.
Mr. and Mrs. George Crocker and the
Misses Rutherford are expected here in
November.
The W. II. Miljseg will probably return
from Paris some time this month.
Bessie Ames 13 to be home before she
is a month older.
was not going to let on how ignorant I
was, so I pretended I knew and I said
'awful!' Then I went and asked other
girls — carefully, so as not to let them
know that I did not know what I was
talking about; but still in a way that
would make them say something that I
hoped might let me Into the secret. It
was no use. It did not work."
My friend's confession appealed to mo
strangely, and T determined to help her
if I could In the matter. I set about the
unraveling of the mystery much in the
same fashion as she did. but, I flatter
myself, with rather more tact. Our re
sults were identical. I wish some one
would furnish me with a clue to the
mystery.
Rose Hooper has gone in for miniature
•work seriously, and already has more
orders than she will be able to fill for
some time to come. She has just finishou*
|7 T would require the energies and the
savoir faire of the census man to es
ii timate even approximately the num
ber of broken hearts Madge Richard
son Macondray left behind her. Robert
Macondray and his fetching bride have
got as far as Honolulu on their way to
ward their new home in Manila, and there
are still many unflinching eyes (masculine
gender, of course.) that have not lost the
red circle that Madge's marriage was re
sponsible for. Out at the Richardson home
things are simply awful. They have lugged
tile piano out of that fateful billiard room
that has made me tell the boys that if
"walls have ears" they ought to be
mighty thankful they have not also got
tongues: and the house is all so still and
quiet like. Oh, how Madge is missed! No
more music; no more jolly romps; just
sad hearts that, in spite of their own
sorrow, sympathize, with the poor fellow
who packed his trunk and bought his
ticket for an extensive European trip the
day before Madge Richardson took the
name of Macondray.
But that is the way of It. One bride
goes and another returns. Walter Mageo
and Flora Dean, who, about two months
ago, let us pelt them with rice as they
sailed for the Orient, returned on Mon
day last with their trunks full of curios
and their hearts filled with happiness.
The Goad mansion is on«*e again
a-bloom. The three beautiful Goad girls,
Mrs. Robert Hooker, Mrs. C. R. Mcln
tosh and Mrs. Genevieve Martin, are
dwelling in peace and harmony in tho
home of their father, and things look
more as in the good old times when the
famous Goad cut glass adorned the gor
geous board, and "I'm dining to-night at
the Goads" tripped often and merrily
from the tongues of the select. But it
is not likely that the famous home will
long shelter the three beauties. The Goad
house is for sale. Kighty thousand dol
lars is what the Goad heirs a.sk for It.
It's a pretty stiff price, but the large and
commodious house, with its wealth of
art treasures and magnificent grounds
is well worth it.
» • . *
Speaking of houses, reminds that dear
Mrs. Murphy, after an awful two weeks
of house hunting, has taken the Galpln
house, on Broadway, near Gough street.
Mrs. Murphy is too sad for words at the
dreadful turn of luck that compels her
to give up the lovely home out on Pierce
street that she and her dainty daughter,
Addie, have been occupying for fully a
year. But it could not be helped. The
Welches, who built the house and then
went abroad with the intention of belnK
gone ever so long, returned unexpectedly,
and, of course, wanted their home back.
When the Welches went abroad it was
with the expectation that Mr. Welch
might absent himself permanently, and
that the other members of the firm (Cun
ninjfham, Curtis & Welch) to which he
belonged would free him from the busi
ness cares of the concern. But there
was sickness in the firm, and Welch had
to come home and do his share of the
work.
Mrs. Murphy has only taken the Galpln
home for a very phnrt time. Mr. Murphy,
who is in Paris at present, writes his
family that he believes he will retire from
an active business life, and if the bank
president really carries out his oft-re
peated threat we will have to "shake a
da-da" to the S. G. Murphys, as they
would then mane their home in Paris.
The McMurrays have sold their home
on Pacific avenue to Heynemann, the
wealthy tobacco man who some years ago
built for his own use the present H. K.
Huntington residence, out on Jackson
street, and after having completely fin
ished and furnished it, down to the
stocking of the linen closet, sold it to the
nephew of the late railroad magnate.
It is just too funny how the everybody
\A ORE things are in the Kansas City platform
/ \ than Bryan talks about and some of those
things are very important indeed. Already
many of the eminent leaders of the country have be
gun to point out that among the overlooked planks
are some whose declarations are even more threaten
ing than the bogey of imperialism, even were that as
bad as Bryan depicts it. Ex-Senator Edmunds, for
example, holds that the attack upon the Supreme
Court is one of the most vicious outbreaks of par
tisan madness that has ever been committed in Amer
ican politics and ought to determine even the most
zealous anti-expansionist to vote against the candidate
who represents it.
In a recent interview on the subject Edmunds
quoted the speech which David Bennett Hill made
against that plank of the Chicago platform when it
was under consideration by the convention and
pointed out that the issue is as menacing now as then.
In his protest against the platform Hill said:
"Was it wise to assail the Supreme Court of your
country? Will some one tell me what that clause means
in this platform? If you meant what you raid and said
what you meant? Let some one explain that provision.
That provision, if it means anything, means that it is the
duty of Congress to reconstruct the Supreme Court of
the country. It means the adding of additional members
to that court, or putting some out of office, or recon
structing- the whole court. I will not follow any such
revolutionary step as that.
That plank as well as every other of the Chicago
platform, was reaffirmed in the Kansas City platform.
Bryan, who supported it in 1896, has not expressed
any change of sentiment on the question. Now as
then, the independence of the Supreme Court is
menaced by the Bryanites and men like Senator Ed
munds, who know the supreme value of law, regard
the attack upon the highest tribunal of the republic
as the most dangerous movement which the agitators
of the time have directed against the existing order
of things.
Along with the attack upon the Supreme Court
goes the attack upon the financial integrity of the
nation. On that issue M. E. Ingalls. president of the
Big Four Railway system and a lifelong Democrat,
says:
The safety of the American republic is not menaced
by a bogey, crowned with an imperial diadem of straw.
The cry of imperialism is simply a pretext of the Demo
cratic loaders. Now, as in 1S96, the real issue is the
silver danger. The only peril now threatening the United
States is ruin and retrogression under silver, the turning
back of the wheels of progress and prosperity to the
standards of China and Mexico, and the abandonment
of our position as the greatest country in the civilized
world.
Then from the South itself come men who refuse
to accept anti-imperialism as the chief issue of the
time. Judge Hunt, who organized and led the free
silver movement in Georgia and gave the vote of that
State to Bryan in the Chicago convention, has re/used
to accept the new issue. In a recent letter to the
Atlanta Constituion he says:
The policy of this Government in dealing with its new
dependency is the outcome of the treaty of Paris. That
treaty is the law of the land, and to enforce that law
is the duty of the American people, regardless of party.
Opposition to it now means nothing less than discredit
to American honor and encouragement of resistance of
American effort to restore order and establish law in
legally acquired territory — territory acquired by treaty
the ratification of which Mr. Uryan went out of his way
to advise.
Thus from different parts of the country come pro
tests against the attempt to cover and hide from sight
the whole Kansas City platform except one plank.
The intelligence of the people will not submit to be
thus hoodwinked. There are more things in Bryan
ism than a protest against expansion, and the voters
know it.
SOME OF THE ISSUES.
is speaking about the young- -widow find
J. C. and the av.ful time they had at Del
Monte. All the girls are hoisting their
eyebrows and shaking their heads and
clicking their tongues against their teeth.
and all without knowing what under the
sun they are maKing such a fuss about.
A sweet young thing told it to me In an
awful whisper, and I held her to an ex
planation.
"I don't know." she said. "Some one
asked me what I thought of It, and I
Marie Wells and Gcrti*» Goewey are
Studying Spanish, and they arc without
exception the most studious girls that
ever poked their noses Into a Spani-sh
an exquisite miniature of the little daugh
ter Mr. and Mrs. Joe Redding mouvn for —
that is. it is s»Ud to bo the best thins; tli**
younji artist has yet done, and is earning
the highest praise from the art critic-.
While abroad Miss Hooper did consider
able work for Mrs. Darling.
MONDAY SEPTEMBER io, 1900
JOHN 0. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
-_,--_— ,- -,_-^_,^,^. -. ..'-.i-.w»-i-i - - — -i- _ — 1_ — 1_ — 1_ —i— ------l-i-.
tdd-w A:i Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Mtrn£«.
!« a % ;a o n n • a i _9]^}^'ijj^'^J^}^S^2J^ZSS2^L^2t
rTBLICATlOS OFFICE.. Market and Tttlr*. S. r.
Telephone Pre«« 201.
EPITO.nUL ROOMS 217 1o »21 Stevem»o« St.
Trlrphoae Preii *«2.
Vt-'iTrrt-a +*- Carriers. IS Crntm Per W*fV.
Sfnclc Copten. 8 Cent*.
Trrai fcr Mall. Including Paitacel
:. a:i.t CALL <:nc!tiainc Sunday), oaf year $I-W
DAIL.T <~>.i.i. (inclu&nr eundar), * mentha l.W
DAILY CALt. (tcdadlnr Sunday). I month* LM
DAILY CALX*- By 8intf« Mor.th <Sc
kt;m>at call, o=« r«ar —- if*
WEEKLI CAJLL. On» Tt«r »-«¦
A.H postmaster* are authorised to reeetro
tnbscrlptlona.
Basipl* ocpiea will be forwards* when r*q«ested.
Zimtl ccberr!brr> In oracrlsr change of adflre*s abocld be
|*rt!cu!at to r1v« botJi NEW AND OLD ADDRESS In order
to levure a. prompt *afi ocrrtct compliance with their r*q«Mt.
O AJ£L*jrn OFflCC HIS Broadway
GEORGE C KROGNESS.
Manager Fore gn Advertising, Marquetts Building, Chicago.
CLodk Distance Telephone "Ontni 2CXS."}
ICEW TORK CORRESPOWDENT:
C C, CARLTON m _ Herald Square
1CETP TOKK REPRESENTATIVE!
STEPHEN B. SMITH 30 Tribun- Building
KTW TORE NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf-Astoria Hotel; X. Brectsno, U Union Sqoare;
Kcmjr Bill BottL
CHICAGO NBTTB BTAXDB! \
Sherman Boctt: P. O. News Co.; Great Kortbara Sot*!:
Fremont Heuse; Auditorium' Hotel.
WASHINGTON (0. C.) OFFICE Wellington Hotel
MORTON t. CRANE. Correspondent.
BIIASCF OFFICES-HJ7 Montgomery, corner of Clar. op*n
or.til f:SO o'clock. S00 Hayes, open until 8:50 o'clock. C33
McAllister, open until 9:30 o'clock. 615 Larkln, open until
»:39 o'clock. 1S41 Mlseion. open until 10 o'clock. 2261 Market,
corner Sixteenth, c^en until 9 o'clock. 10S8 Valencia, open
until S o'clock. 1C< Eleventh, open until 9 o'clock. N'W cor
r.T Tyer.ty-seccrid nn<3 Kenttickr. until 9 o'clock.
By SALLY SHARP
SOCIETY
ITS REAL ESTATE
AND DEAR GIRLS.
achievement. The Tesla promise of a means of trans
mitting electricity by a method which will make un
derground wires cheaper than the overhead system,
even in the country and across the continent, is one
that holds out the prospect of greater benefit than
any other single feat of science since electricity was
first applied to human use. Should it prove to be
true, the Avhole problem of getting wires underground
will be settled. They will be driven there by the
simple but irresistible "force of economy.
Mr. Spreckels in bestowing the gift and General
Barnes in accepting it announced clearly that it is
intended not for £*n Francisco only, but "for all Cali
fornia; not for one class of people, but for all classes;
for the rich and the poor, the young and the old, for
the pioneer of the past, for the children of the future; for
men and women of culture, who delight in the sublim
est harmonies of classic music, and for the simple and
untutored, whose hearts are moved by the rippling
melodies of folk songs. In that broad, sympathetic
spirit it was designed and with an equal spirit it ha?
been received. Among the thousands who thronged
the grove on yesterday were representatives of all
the races and all the degrees of culture to be found in
the cosmopolitan life of California and in the respon
sive cheering that greeted the speakers was heard a
full expression of th? popular appreciation, not only
of the richness of the gift, but of its all comprehending
liberality. •
For generation? to come the people of California
and strangers within the gates of San Francisco will
be gladdened by the harmonies which shall pour forth
from the pavilion, and, strengthened and augmented
In- its resounding dome, float distinct and clear, far
and wide over the park. For a time that music will
be mainly foreign music, the strains of the giftcd'sing
ers of other lands, but the impulse it gives toward
musical culture will be felt by men and women of
genius in our own land and will stimulate them to
creative effort, so that in the years to come the music
that emanates from it will be largely Califomian
music. Then the patriotic hope of the generous donor
will be completed. The memorial of his citizenship,
the evidence of his devotion to the State and its peo
ple, will resound with melodies native to the land he
loves and thereby be even more symbolic than now
of the mutual pride which exists between the citizen
who so venerates his State and the State that honors
the worth of so munificent a citizen.
The excellence of the site chosen for the edifice and
the skill with which the structure" was designed to
serve the purpose of park concerts were amply proven
to all who attended the dedication. It was a day of
wind and mist, but in the shelter of the pavilion and
of the groves that surround it the force of the wind
was broken and tempered to the moderation of a
pleasant breeze and the mists that could be seen driven
along the upper air were absent altogether from the
actual scene of the festival. The sunlight shone there
and in its glow the radiant garments of richly dressed
women were brilliant as a garden of flowers. Every
thing was beautiful, bright and musical and every joy
ous moment of the time was an augury of a thousand
happy hours of melody and mirth to come.
"It is an architectural poem set to the music of an
inspired imagination." It was in those words General
Barnes described the stately structure when on behalf
of the people of California he accepted the gift. The
splendid sentence fits the splendid edifice. No further
description is needed. For all time to come the open
air concerts at the park will have a noble home, the
architecture and the music blending into one art,
pleasing both eye and ear and giving to the people a
double joy to make the gladness of their holidays.
A GIFT TO THE PEOPLE.
/^LAUS SPRECKELS' gift to the people of Cali
l fornia, the massive pavilion at Golden Gate
Park, was yesterday formally transferred to the
public and dedicated to music. The ceremony was
the chief feature of the celebration of the day and it
was right that it should be so, for the structure is to
stand for ages to attest that in the fiftieth year of her
history as a State of the AmericauJJnion the glory of
California is undimmed, the patriotism of her people
ardent, their artistic culture high and the liberality of
her private citizens capable of the noblest munificence.
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 10, 1900.
For over a year New York Citv h-»««
been passing the hat for suhscrip ons to
¦I
6
To accommodate the citizens of Stockton an.i
the Pan Joaquin Valley the Santa Fe route
will start their Bakersfleld local from Pan
Francisco at 10 P. m. on Sunday. Monday arvl
Tupsday nlKhts instead ot 8 p. m.. the usual
leaving time.
An Important Announcement.
Hospital employes of Chicago are said
to give "tips'" to undertakers when a pa-
tient is going to die. The undertakers
sometimes arrive before the patient is
dead. •;"•"¦
Special Information supplied dally ti>
business houses and public men by th»
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen"s). 510 Mom-
Komery St. Telephone Mala 1041 ¦
Townsend's California glace fruits. Me a
pound in fire-etched boxes or Jap baskets,
639 Market street. Palace Hotel. •
Ice cream by the gallon at TpwnsentTs.*
Pure fruit juices used at Townsend 1 .". •
Ice cream and soda at Townsend's. •
AMUSEMENTS.
TivnM— "Cavailer'a. Runticana" and "I Paffllaccl."
A!(iiar-'Thc Girl I l>eft Behind Me."
Columbia — "T!i? JCew r>ominlon."
iOhwnbni— "fihlp Ahoy."
OrrhPurn— Vaudeville.
Onuwi Oiwra-housw — "Quo Vadis."
<>:>ir.ri&. cornf-r Mason and Kddy Ftre^ts — Specialties.
Chutes. Zoo and Theatw — Vaudeville every afternoon and
evenlnx-
Fischer**— VaodeYlU*.
Aha Theater. Grove street— "On the Trail."
Pa:n'e Battle of Bui Juan. Fulscm and Sixteenth streets.
Recr^ati^n Perk— Baseball.
• Central Park— The Sled-Slide.
Butra BathF— Or^n niehts.
N. P. G. \V. fireworks display to-n!:rht. foot of Van Ness
Avenue.
Rirclinc Brom." >Vnrli"F Greatest Fhnw*. Sixteenth and Fol-
*;->n streets, Wednesday evening?, September 19.
Tar.f.^ran l'ark— Th" Gnat Fair. Sojtp-ml^r T4 to October 6
The annual outlay of the Sultan of
Turkey is In the neighborhood of $50,-
000 MtO. of which $7,500,000 Roes to clothe
the la'Jies of the harem. $400,000 for % hla
"Majesty's own wardrobe. $7.SOO.00Q for
presents. $3,000,000 for pocket money and
Jo.OCO.OOU for the royal table.
IIOTEI* DEL. CORONADO- Special summer
rates still in effect at this beautiful country
home, where summer and winter are ons. At
4 New Montgomery street. San Francisco. **;
rates with sjveclal round-trip summer ticket.Hospital Surgeons Busy.
An unusually large number of cases
were treated at the Receiving Hospital
Saturday night and early yesterday morn
ing, but they were all of a trivial na
ture, caused as a rule by an overindul
gence in liquor. For the twelve- hours
from midnight till noon yesterday eight
een cases were treated.
NORTH GERMANS HOLD
A PLEASANT OUTING
An Organization That Has Provided
for Its Needy Members for a
Quarter of a Century. %
Twenty-six years ago the Norddeutscher
Verein was formed in this city and now
the membership Is •ISO. The people from
North Germany are nothing if not so
ciable, for once and sometimes twice a
year they hold picnics or excursions. This
year one moonlight excursion was held
and yesterday another outing took place
in Shell Mound Park. There was plenty
of amusement provided. While the rifle
shooting part of the organization was at
the target range others bowled for prizes,
danced In the pavilion or otherwise
amused themselves. Even the children
were rewarded with prizes and presents.
The outing was in charge of the following
committees:
Arrangements— H. F. Frlck. Otto Schlnckel
Sr, H. Harthold, L. Thierbach. C. W. Arp.
Floor— F. Rathjen (manager). John Schllemann
(assistant floor manager). Otto von Borstel, M.
I.*u. D. Bruno and K. Tho<le. Bowling — Carl
SloelW, F. ITopHnKhofT and Emll Ipsen, Spe
cial prires— William Ollndemann. John}Dick
ens. John Sohl, F. Jensen, Claus Glesel rind H.
Oefken.
Since the vereln was organized the sick
benefits and .endowments have amounted
to about $100,000, and there is about $30.00)
In the reserve fund. The officers of the
verein are:
President, Henry Meyer: vice president, Ed
ward Stehn; corresponding secretary, F. Hoe
flnghoff; financial secretary, Carl Moeller;
treasurer. Henry Thode: trustees— F. P. Rath-
Jen, A. Hagedorn and H. Barthold.
Killed at Truckee.
TRUCKEE, Sept. 9.— Fred, A. Irish was
fatally injured yesterday afternoon by
the bursting of an emery wheel in the
sawmill of Ills father-in-law, Georpe
Schaffer. Portions of the fragments en
tered the hrain and after lingering in an
unconscious condition until this moring
death came. He was a native of Nevada
City, aged 37 years, and one of the best
known and most highly respected men in
the Truckee basin. He was a prominent
Mason and Knight of Pythias and an ex
captain of the Uniform Rank. He leaves
a wife and two children.
Spends a Quiet Day With General
Wheeler in Chicago.
CHICAGO, Sept. 9.— William J. Bryan
spent a quiet Sunday here to-day. After
attending church In the morning he re
turned to the Auditorium, where he took
dinner with General Joe Wheeler, com
mander of the Department of the Lakes.
Mr. Bryan spent the remainder of the day
in his rooms, where several Democrats
called for a social chat. Mr. Bryan wi'.l
rest here a few days and then commence
a tour of the country.
' • r
Roosevelt Speeds Westward.
CHICAGO, Sept. 9.—Tho day was spent
quietly by Governor Roosevelt at the Au
ditorium Annex. In the morning- he at
tended the Dutch Reformed Church with
II. H. Kohlsaat and in the attornoon
went to dinner with Henry C. iayne. vice
chairman of the Republican National
Committee. The balance of the day ho
spent in his rooms. In the evening he
boarded the special car Minnesota and
went to bed. This coach will be attached
to the fast mail, which leaves over the
Chicago, Milwaukee and St. Paul road at
3 o'clock in the morning, for La Crosse
Wis., where the Governor is billed to
speak to-morrow afternoon. Thence he
will proceed to the Dakotas.
MILWAUKEE. Sept. 9.— After t<>n weeks of
Idleness the Illinois Steel Company's Bay View
plant will npraln resume operations to-morrow
when the force of 900 men will resume work In
the four mills.
Nephew of the Turkish Ambassador
to Great Britain Shoots
• Himself.
PARIS, Sept. ii.— Othanase Hadja Tuna
Goglion, nephew of the Turkish Embassa
dor to Great Uritain Costakl Anthopulo
Pacha, and Secretary of the Embassy in
l<ondon. committed suicide yesterday at
the railway station in Fontainbleau, blow
ing out his brains with a revolver. It ap
pears he had quarreled with his sweet
heart. The Turkish embassy in Paris will
arrange to convey the body to London.
9
BRYAN RESTS.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC
STOCK GROWS STRONGER
Interest Displayed by the Speyers in
the Management Caused
Firmer Feeling.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Sept. 9.— The Herald's
Wall street article says friends of the
Southern Pacific are encouraged by the
new interest which the Messrs. Speyer
promised to take in the affairs of the com
pany. James Speyer's election as a di
rector to succeed the late Collls P. Hunt
ington and indications that the next presi
dent of the company will be an experi
enced railroad man of Speyer's choosing
have increased bullish sentiment on stock.
COLOMBIA REBELS SEIZE
THE TOWN OF TURBACO
"Warship Cordoba Lands Federal
Troops, and Heavy Fighting
Ensues.
KINGSTON. Jamaica. Sept. 9.— Mail ad
vices received to-day from Colon, Colom
bia, say that the rebels seized the town
of Turbaco, near Carthagena. as well as
the railway, last monday. The following
day the Colombian warship Cordoba.-ar
rived with 4i)0 troops and heavy tlRhtinR
ensued. There was great excitement In
Carthagena when the mail steamer left
Colon.
¦ ..
KILLS HIMSELF BECAUSE
OF A LOVER'S QUARREL
Says That He Has Gained a Name for
Himself That Will
Endure.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK. Sept. 9.— A Journal special
from London says Major Leonard Darwin.
son of the celebrated Charles Darwin, and
honorary secretary of the Royal Geo
graphical Society, interviewed to-day rel
ative to Duke Ahruzzis' expedition said:
"Whether he achieved much or little, he
has been plucky and posterity will recog
nize in him one who discarded comfort
and ease and staked life In an attempt to
aid us in knowing more of the sphere on
which we have been placed."
BOXERS DEFEATED.
Sixth Cavalry Whips a Force Double
Its Strength.
Special Cable to The Call and New Tork Her
ald. Copyright, lfJO, by the Herald Pub-
IlshinB Company.
SHANGHAI. Sept. 9.— Three hundred
men of the Sixth United States Cavalry
defeated GOO Boxers in the Imperial Hunt
ing Park, killing thirty and capturing
many prisoners. The Boxers were armed
with ppears and swords.
SATLS FOR CHINA.
Major Marchand, of Fashoda Fame,
En Route to the Orient.
MARSEILLES, Sept. 9.— Major Mar
chand of Fashoda fame embarked here
to-day on a steamer bound for China,
wherfl he is polnp to represent France
on the International Commission, com
posed of officers entrupted with the set
tlement of diplomatic questions and any
difficulties arising between the different
portions of the foreien corps. An im
mense crowd gave him a rousing send-off.
FPRINGFIEX.D, 111., Sept. 9.— The condition
r.t General John A. McClernand Is slightly Im
proved to-day.
Forecasting the Probable Nominees
of the State Convention to
Be Held at Saratoga.
SARATOGA, N. Y., Sept. 9.—Democrat
ic Flate-makcrs to-ni£hl pave out the fol
lfiwiiiff as the most probable composition
of that ticket to be nominated by the
State Convention:
Governor— John B. Stanchfleld of ChemuriK.
lieutenant Governor— William F. Maeitey of
Erie.
t5;*cr<:tary <"'f State — John T. Norton.
Attorney General — Georee M. I'altner.
f^tatc Treasurer— Guy II. Clark.
Comptroller— Martin Glynn.
There is as much probability of this
plate bcins entirely changed by the time
the convention meet-s as there is that
it -will be put through. The platform will
indorse the Kansas City platform, make
a special allusion to tlfe anti-Imperialistic
plank, indorse the Democratic national
ticket and declare that the party in New
York will work in harmony for its elec
tion.
SON OF CHARLES DARWIN
EULOGIZES ABRUZZI
NEW YORK DEMOCRATIC
SLATE-MAKERS AT WORK
GENERAL OTIS MAKES A
COMPREHENSIVE REPORT
In Detail Tells of the Operations of
the Array in the Phil
ippines.
WASHINGTON. S<-;u. ?.— The War De
partxnent has inade public a report of
Major General Otis. piviiiK details of the
• :>• rations of t!ic- United States army in
lie Philippines from September 1. ISS.
to May .". ]:<•'. The report covers the
operations I ' • armies and commands of
Generals Lam-ton. MacArtbnr. Wheaton.
S h.var,. James M. and J. M. 13^11. Hughes,
dates and Young, as well as different
.<•::¦ Is, w!:> had Eeparate or independent
tnmands ciuri;;s that time. Nearly all
. : ;¦¦.•¦ facts contained in the report and
¦ ortsnt rn:ttters were- published dur
• ¦•:.:.. i UUK wiya he desires to correct
• >us impression that the war
• : ¦-..: -<T.t - was initiated by the
:::•• ¦'. States.*.' After explaining the con
> thai existed at the breaking out
f h ¦ . ¦ ; be says:
"War with the insurgents was forced
. a as :i:..: was unavoidable." He asserts
that tl:;^ Is tshowa i:« i-'ilipino oorrespond
.:. •¦ captured i>y the Americans, which,
: that the war was planned
by \^uhial<io. li<- >.'!>.< another erroneous
: • - r: prevail* ihat the Filipinos en
iteavored t<. hostilities at the first
. utbrealt, but were refused by the United
Special Dispatch to The Call
NEW YORK. Sept. 9.— It seems to be
the general opinion that a more thorough
airing of recent secret scandals of the
prize ring will be given now that Corbett is
away. Indeed, many believe that, realizing
that an exposure was Inevitable, he fled
to England to escape criticisms which
would be heaped upon him. How much
light will be shed upon the peculiar doings
that have occurred recently in the roped
arena as a result of Corbett's absence
from New York will depend entirely upon
those who are best able to talk.
illiam A. Brady, Thomas O'Rourke,
John Considlne, John Kelly and Charles
"White are in a position to know of any
existing dishonest methods and of any at
tempts to hoodwink the public. Fitzsim
mons is here, but it is not believed that
he has been interested in any of the al
leged conspiracies except as a helpless
victim. But Jeffries is not far away,
neither is Sharkey; and McCoy announces
it as his intention to remain on Broadway
for at least another month. "Johnny"
White was here yesterday.
Mrs. Corbett, forsaken by her husband,
makes positive declaration that the recent
battle in Madison Square Garden, which
resulted in the ignominious defeat of
"Kid" McCoy, was not wholly honest. To
this McCoy in a communication to the
Herald answers: "Hell hath no fury like
a woman scorned."
McCoy made a positive denial of the
assertion that there had even been an
agreement between himself and Corbett
concerning the battle. McCoy has not
denied the insinuations concerning other
contests in which he has been engaged.
The young Hoosier once explained his de
feat at the hands of Sharkey by admitting
prearrangement. He has failed to explain
how he saved his fight with Choynski
after he was on the matting at least
twenty seconds. McCoy has said nothing
of the peculiarities of his battle witn
Peter Maher.
The fact that the second Mrs. Corbett is
now seeking a divorce from her husband
adds interest to the departure of her hus
band under an assumed name. A few
persons are interested in the latest movu
of the big pugilist, for the reason that
they expected him to obtain control of a
London lighting club, wherein he will en
gage in another contest with, the present
champion, Jeffries. Corbett has disposed
of his interest in the Broadway saloon
over which his name Is emblazoned. Ho
has also disposed of all of his property
and in going to Europe leaves nothing be
hind which is attachable.
Lmilie Lorenze, who was maid to Miss
Cornllle, the vaudeville actress, tells
strange tales of the infatuation of her
mistress. The maid says that Miss Co; 1 
nille dismissed all of her other admirers
and even destroyed all of their photo
graphs, lining her room with pictures of
the pugilist. In order that the maid
might be out of the way when it came
time to sail from Europe she was sent to
Philadelphia on a mythical errand.
Ihe present Mrs. Corbett, when seen
yesterday, said she would tell no more
stories concerning .her life with the pugil
ist until her suit for divorce is called in
court.
Developments Expected Now
That Corbett Has
t Departed.-
McCoy Denies That the Last Fight
Was Fixed, but Humors
Persistently Crop
Out.
PRIZE RING
SCANDALS MAY
COME TO LIGHT
Special Cable to The Call and New York Her
ald. Copyright, 19tX>. by tho Herald 1'ub
llshlnc Company.
LONDON. Sept. lO.-Five days and eight
hours. This is the new trans-Atlantic
record, and the Deutschland retains tha
title of "Queen of Atlhntic Liners."
She has beaten the Kaiser Wilhelm der
Grosse in their great race across the At
lantic, and more than that, she ha-s
brought the trans-Atlantic passage al
most four hours nearer to the five day
mark by beating the record established
on her previous voyage from New York
to Plymouth. >v - -
Observers on the channel coast stralnd
their eyes to-night to get the first siglu
of one of the two German liners. The
Deutschland was expected to be the leads
ing ship, for the special cable dispatch lo
the Kurbpean edition of the Herald told
how the Deutschland overhauled the
Kaiser Wilhelm on the second day out
from New York. From Sicily Islands, the
first bit of Knglish soil which greets the
trans-Atlantic traveler, the lights of tin
Hamburg-American liner were sighted al
ten minutes to 11 o'clock last evening.
.The observer at Lizard reported the win
ning ship at twenty-five minutes to 1
o'clock this morning. The North German
IJoyd liner is still not reported at Lizard.
The run to Plymouth was made in two
hours, the ship reaching there at half past
2 this morning. The Hamburg-American
agent in Plymouth informs the Herald
that the time of the voyage was
five days and eight hours. The
Deutschland's previous record was
five days eleven hours and forty-flVtj
minutes. The trans-Atlantic record there
fore is lowered by three hours and forty
five minute^. The Deutschland's average
speed was considerably over twenty -three
knots an hour.
Establishes New Record, Making the
Trip to Plymouth in Five
Days and Eight ,
Hours.
Defeats the Kaiser Wilhelm
der Grosse Across
the Atlantic.
DEUTSCHLAND
WINS THE GREAT
OCEAN RACE
CAPE TOWN, Sept. 9.-Sir Redvers
Puller continues his advance. He crossed
the Mauchberg, ten miles east of Lyden
burs, and into action with the
Boers.
The occupation of Lydenburg, which
tooJc place last Thursday, is regarded as
marking one of the last stages of the
war. The Boer.s now talk of trekking
into German territory.
Lord Methuen is marching on Lychten
burg from Mafekins.
It is said that papers seized at Pretoria
show that the Netherlands Railway Com
pany in many ways actively assisted the
Boers. It converted its workshops into
arsenals, and provided the Transvaal
forces with shoes for their horses.
Buller Continues His Advance and
Comes Into Action With the
Burghers East of the
Mauchberg.
Occupation of Lydenburg
Marks One of the Last
Stages of the War.
BOERS MAY TREK
TO THE KAISER'S
AFRICAN DOMAIN
VICEROYS
DIRECTED TO
MAKE PEACE
Imperial Decree Bearing on
the Subject Is Is
sued.
LI HUNG CHANG
TO DEVISE MEANS
Ordered to Communicate With the
Various Secretaries of State
and the Consuls G-sneral
at Shanghai.
Special Cable to The Call and New Tork Her
ald. Copyright. W00. by the Herald Pub
lishing Company.
SHANGHAI. Sept. 7.— An Imperial de
cree -was issued on August 13 In Huailai,
province of Chili, through Acting Viceroy
Ting Gung. It was received here by Li
Hung Chang on September 1. It reads:
"The Iho-Chuan outlaws < Boxers), in
their hatred of foreigners and Christians,
have attacked them at Taku and Tientsin.
Allied forces have therefore taken Taku
and Tientsin, and en the morning of Au
gust 15 a-ttaoked the imperial capital from
the cast, and the Tung Chi ana cnao
Vang gales of the Tartar city were blown
up by Japanese.
"We therefore prepared for the depar
ture of the Empress Dowager for the
west. We have repeatedly telegraphed to
the foreign powers remonstrating against
the Invasion of the kingdom. They have
replied that they !;jrht only agrainst the
Iho-Chuan (Boxers) and their leaders, and
are not in conflict with our government,
Fhov.ir.g that they are not willing to make
peace.
¦"But. as all the Ministers are safe in Po
lling, we hereby command Yang I^u. Hsu
Tun? and Ching Yu to stay in Peking and
arrange terms of peace. We also com
mand I.I Hung Chang, Viceroy of Chili,
who Is our faithful and trusted officer and
bas the confidence of the foreigners, to
devise measures to bring about negotia
tions and to telegraph to the Secretaries
of State of the various countries and to
consult the Consuls General at Shanghai.
¦\Ye trust that U Hung Chang will for
ward the cause of peace, thereby earning
our thanks."
Ching Vi has died at Paoting-Fu.
WARNER.
WORLD'S WARNING TO THE
WARRING CHINESE EMPIRE
Wonderful Spectacle When the Allied
Forces Traversed the
Imperial City.
Special I>i?patch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Sept. 9.-A Journal Taku
dispatch, dated September 4, says China's
most sacred temples and palaces have
been profaned by the armies of the civil
ized world which have inarched ruthlessly
over the traditions of the empire in the
progress t>< avenge the Peking outrages.
Mute lips an.i downtact eyes in the gium
households of the Ministers and the ser
vants as the allies trampled over the ap
pointed ground eloquently expressed the
chocked .sensibilities of the Chinamen.
Through the temples and past th.? thrones
looked upon as sacred marched the
spurred and armed soldiers, each footstep
warning China her ancient dynasty had
fallen. It was a wonderful spectacle when
three thousand allied troops crossed the
line into the forbidden city at Peking,
liut the finest of all in the line — for an
Arr.erican— wire the Yankee troops led by
General Chaffee. There were 4(K>, com
prising men from the Fourteenth and
Ninth Infantry, .Fifth Artillery and Sixth
Cavalry.
PHEPARING TO WITHDRAW
Return of Chine- Believed Will Great-
ly Improve Matters.
Special Disiatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 9.— Considerable
importance is attached by officials to the
return of Prince Ching to Peking. Infor
mation of bis arrival in the Imperial City
¦was communicated to Minister Takahira,
diplomaiic representative of Japan, by the
Foreign Otnce in Tokio. which had re
ceived the dispatch from General Yam
aguci. His arrival in Peking is, there
fore. of the greatest importance. Li Hung
Chang. It is expected, will proceed to Pe
king without delay to consult with Prince
Ching and the Ministers. It is considered
highly probable that before consenting to
proceed to the capital Prince Ching com
municated with the Emperor and Em
press Dowager, and understands their
wishes. Efforts will be made to induce
the imperial family to return to their
capital.
The administration la making every
preparation to withdraw General Chaffee
and his command from Peking should any
other nati'>n direct its troops to retire,
but at the same time it is earnestly en
deavoring to bring about the adoption of
a compromise, which contemplates the
retention in the imperial City of the le
gations, guarded by a .small international
force. One of the most daneernus phases
of the situation is the condition of the
Chinese residing between Taku and Pe
king. It will be easily understood how a
starving people, maddened hy the pres
ence of foreign troops directly responsible
for their condition, would turn upon the
invaders and give the officer who is in
command ample pretext for hostile opera
tions. So the President is making a de
termined effort to formulate a proposition
; which will be acceptable to all powers
! before Von Waldersee arrives.
anese Cavalry.
prutce ching returns.
Escorted to Peking by Troop of Jap-
WASHINGTON'. Sept. 9.— The Japanese
Legation has received the following tele-
Krarn from the foreign office at Tokio:
Gpneral Tarr.aguchl wired to the following
effect:
"Colonel Phiba, wbo was pent with a troop
of cavalry to Tsing Ho September 3 rprnrteU
Prince Ching back to Peking. The Prince's
residence- heir>K in the district occupied by the
Japanese 1? Kuardoi by them. Previous to his
arrival the Prince communicated to Major Gen
eral KukuFhimt savin* that on account of the
present grave situation hi» had »>een requested
by the Enuwror to return to Peking: and to
arranir* affairs immediately.
'"The district in possession of the Japanese
is BOW guiet and in order and the Chlnf-str en
tmainlr.K no lear, have resumed their business
The railway south of Yangtsun is working,
but it cannot b« Faid when communication be
yond that place will be reopened."
RAISING TROOPS.
Chinese Admiral Actively Engaged
at Canton.
Special Cable to The Call an<1 New Tork Her
ald. Copyright. 1S00, by the Herald Pub
lishing Company.
CANTON (via Hongkong), Sept. 9.—
There are reports that the French fired
on the Chinese at Kwingchow Wan, and
that the Chinese did not rrply. A Chi
nese admiral has come to Canton and is
engaged in raising fcOOO soldiers. The Man
elms In Canton are very restless The
English school has been closed. The Man
darins do not wish foreigners to show
themselves in the city. The festival nights
parsed off peacefully at Hongkong.
Depart From Tientsin.
MONTEREY, Sept. 9.— C. D. Henry of
this city has received word from his
daughter. Mrs. H. C. Hoover, that she and
her husband have left Tientsin for Lon
don and thence home ,fn November. Mr
and Mrs. Hoover were In Tientsin durlnc
the siege of that place by the Boxers
Mr. Hoover being Chief Engineer of the
Imperial Department of Minea.
SALT LAKE. Sept. S.-Referr!ns to the
; ¦:¦ posed Los Angles and Salt Lake Rail
: ...!. Thomas Krarns, Anho is to be a
Utah director in the company, said in
an Interview to-<Iay:
"The matter has been satisfactorily ar
rangpd ly Senator M*. A. Clark, R. C.
Kerens and othtrs, and the line will be
b*^\ The terminal will be at Salt Lake.
yat '.dcd the city grants to the company
the r.t-cessary depot grounds and right of
v. : ..y. Senator Clark, J. Ross Clark. R. C.
Kerens, T. E. Gibbon and others are ex
pected here soon to work out preliminary
Director Thomas Kearas Talks of the
Plans of the Proposed Over
land Line to the Southern
California City.
Los Angeles and Salt Lake
R. R. Will Ask the Utah
City for Grounds.
SALT LAKE
AS TERMINAL
OF NEW LINE
THE SAJV FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 10, 1900.
Notice to Native Sons.
Keep your ba&page checks until you
reach San Francisco; you will save one
half In the transfer of your baggage.
One trunk (round trip), 50 cents. Morton
Special Delivery — Oakland Ferry Depot,
C50 Market street, 403 Taylor street. •
7
MONTEREY IS
THREATENED BY
A FOREST FIRE
MONTEREY. Sept. 9.-Fire broke
out In the timber back of this town
about 3 o'clock this afternoon, and
has spread with such rapidity that
it now presents alarming propor
tions. A large acreage of some of
the bost timber In this section is
Involved, anil the lire Is so near the
town itself that great apprehension
Is felt.
A number of cottages In the can
yon on the edge of town are in
great danger of destruction unless
the names are brought under con
trol, the center of fire being the
hillside above the canyon. The fire
is now spreading southward, but
there is some chance of controlling
it, now that to-day's high wind is
abatinjr. The lire is on David
Jacks' land, and is said to be the
work of incendiaries.
• ' ; ' — j
THE STANDARD FOR CHAMPAGNE QUALITY IS
JOHN CAFFREY - - - Pacific Coast Representative.
AMUSEMENTS.
GREAT "ADMISSIOfl WEEK" BILL
The World- Renowned Contralto,
JESSIE BARTLETT DAVIS.
YOTNG AStFPICA QUINTKT. Ql'KRlTA
VINCENT. JOHNSON AND DEAN, HOWE,
"UAJ.L, AND WALTERS. OERTRl'PB
MANSFIELD AND I'ARYI. WILBTTR.
WESTOX AXP XFSUSt, LITTLE TRANCES
KKPPLER, GRKAT AJ1EKICAS BIO-
GRAPH.
SPECIAL JUBILEE MATINEE
TO-DAY. Monday.
ALSO TUESDAY AND WEDNESDAY.
Parq'iPt. Gc£ any scat: BaU-ony. lQe. Chil-
dren. lfi>, any part, except resfrved.
EVERT EVEN1XQ THIS WEEK
AN.O SATURDAY MATINEE.
THE GREAT DOUBLE OPERATIC BILL.
"Cavalieria Rusticaoa"
"1 Pagliacci."
WITH THE ENTIRE COMPANY ALTER-
NATELY APPEARING.
POPULAR PRICE? 23c and Iflo
Telephone Bush 0.
W 1DAY JUTINEE TO D4Y,
ALSO TUESDAT AND SATURDAT.
CLEMENT and STOGKWELL,
Supporte'l by a Strong Cnmrany.
IN MR. CLKMKNTS II>YLLIC COMEDT.
THE NEW
DOMINION !
Clay Clement a-»....P.arpn von Hoher.staufffn
BEAUTIFULLY STAGED.
PRICES $1. 75c. 5<V. 33c and 23c
Box an«l Loce Stoats, ?1 30.
GRAND O^'P/CmOUSF
HOLIDAY MATINEES
TO-DAY AND TO-MORROW.
NEWS 'S^^uHf UaKs, I PANV
ALL THIS V.EEK.
Suocrb Proiluction of
QUO VADIS.
Intrcxlucinsr In the Arena Seen*
ADGIE'S LIOINS.
Evening Prlcrs lie. l.">c. 23c. 5Cc
A Few Frnnt Hots In Orchestra. TZc.
Matinee Price? 10c. \mt. 2T,c. 7.1o. No higher
« Branch Ticket Office, Emporium.
AL.F ELUKOHOUSE, Irawa ani Managpr.
'Phone. P.nuth 770.
EVERY KVKNING.
SPECIAL MATINEE TO-MORROY/, Tuesday.
The P.lgcest. the Rest, th* C,ran<ie?t.
FERRIS HARTMAN
WITH
The nautical far^k-al !>uccps*. resented by a
company of exceptional merit. Fifty people on
the staije- Pretty girls, handsome costumes,
mafrnincent masr settings. Popular prices,
15c, r.c. Se and SOc.
«** ij ET j\ T* c? C ¦ ¦¦& »
MATINEE TO-DAY AND TUESDAY.
A Story of Indian Military Life,
THE GIRL I
LEFT BEHIND ME !
Seats for all performances now on sale.
PRICES— 15c, Ke, Kc and 50c.
NEXT WEEK. "
"THE WIDOW'S HUSBAND "
Special engasem^nt of ADA LETVIS.
CHUTES^ and ZOO
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING,
BIG VAUDEVILLE SHOW!
AQUATIC SPOBfTON THE LAKE.
SEABURY7Hi£h Divep.
TONIGHT !~~ TO NIOilT!
GRAND
FIREWORKS DISPLAY!
Telephone for seats — Park 23.
PP2^ CUT RATES
iiffflrffl Best Seats ii Grand
pAV^i Stand Only 5f c.
| 4,00 Gobd Seats Only 2:c and 3fc
To-Niih? — Nativa Daughters' Fireworks!
Including Pain's Electric Pyrotechnics.
ABSOLUTELY NEW!
Folsom and Sixteenth Ms. Gromds
PEATS AT THE LION DRUG CO., Market
and Stockton streets.
GORGEOUS DISPLAY OF
FIREWORKS FREE !
GIVEN DT THE
N. S. G. W. Committee,
TO-NIGHTat8o'clock,
At FORT MASON, foot of Van Ness are.
Nearly $3000 In Elaborate Set Heces,
Wockets, Shells,
Anil all the latest and most brilliant novelties.
THE CALIFORNIA FIREWORKS COMPANY.
Who are suprlylns this display of California-
made fireworks, promise the grrandast an<l most
Inspiring exhibition ever given on the Pacific
Coast, and one that cannot be surpassed by
the much-advert ised Eastern manufacturers.
Cars of the Sutter, Polk. California, Union.
Hyde and FUlmore street lines all pass within
a reasonable distance to the grounds.
FTcr.HFRN concert house.
flDtnlLn O Admission 10;.
MAE TUNISON. EUDOItA FORDE. J. P.
VIACO. L. E. BEHAN. HOWARD and CAMP-
BELL. OLIVE VAIL, and DUTCH WALTON.
Reserved Seats, Z3e; Matinee Sunday.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
TELEPHONE GRANT 33.
222-224 Sutter Street,
ABOVE KEARNY. |
¦
Visitors from the interior are
welcome at cur store. A k for
September Illustrated Caa-
logue — Free.
STORE CLOSED TO-DAY.
CP^.N TO MOR.OW.
CIGARS— "La HorjeL?
fmportei Ha van as.
Our I2ic siz: sold at 3 for 50:
clse'wncre.
AH other brands at a grocir's profit.
SPECIAL REDUCTIONS
TUESDAY-WEDNESDAY -THURSDAY
"Crown" Port aid Shsrry. bat 25c
Many of you are waltlnj for 1» fiafc ?!
this sreat -barcaln. •> utn5 *•
Regularly BOc bottle.
Claret, bottle, ripe gal 35c
A pood, pure table win?. Regularly, SOc
gallon.
Scap, "-fd Family" Laundry
¦Well O ..I... 77- box of 100
seasoned u wflat3 - 1 *» cakes $2 73
Cccoi, "?acba-d" Ma<le ln la s n I ltzer '
! Highest grade.
U Ib. ] i Ib. 1 Ib.
Regular 2r.c iOc 9'Jc
Now -t)c 40c SOc
01iv:s. "Mammoth" qrt 4?c
I Kxtra large Regularly, 60c
Cal. figs, th^ c - sc^ ns> 1 Ib pkg 10c
Scotch Whisky **% tot $1.25
10 years old. Slater Uodjcer & Co..
Glasgow. Scotch Is the proper thin? for
j entertaining.
Society Tea 1 Ib 63c
A blend of OoIcnR character, composed
of the most fragrant Teas. Regularly,
75c. Sample package 10c.
Paprika, Hungarrn Red Pepper
Fresh Importation, in tins of
1 oz., 2 oz., 4 nz., 8 oz., 11 nz.,
10c 15c U.»c 4Oo 75c
Vijror Kraft Chocolate 1 Ib 55c
Regularly Coc. Housewald's. Germany.
Fresh shipment.
! Fruit :-ynip3, sorted, qt bit 40c
', Regularly. 30c. Home made. !
: (hu'neys, Hs rted qt bo! 5Sc
ReRularly, 60c. Finest condiment of
Kast India.
Toothpick Po T ders each 15c
i Delft decoration. Xo longer touch the
point of toothpick. New and novel.
German Bread BoarJs «0c
Two size". Resularly, 65c.
i "With fancy carving. jZ-
Regularly, 3Gc "' •
j
| No More Dread of the Dental Chair
TEETH EXTRACTED AXD FILLED AB-
| SOLUTELY WITHOUT PAIN, by our late
scientific method applied to the gums. No
fkep-DroduclnK agent or cocaine.
These are the only tlenta! parlors In San
Francisco having PATENTED APPLIANCES
and ingredients to extract, fill and apply sold
crowns and porcelain crowns undetectable frotn
natural teeth, and warranted for ten years.
WITHOUT THE LEAST PAIN. Full set of
teeth. $5: a perfect fit guaranteed or no pay.
Gold crowns. $5. Gold nilinKs. $1. Silver ftll-
inRS. SOc. All work done by GRADUATE DEN-
TISTS of from 12 to 20 years* experience, and
f-ach department In charge of a specialist. Glv«
us a call, and you will find us to do «*act!y
as we advertise. We will tell you In advance
exactly what your work will cost by a FREE
EXAMINATION.
New York Dental Parlors,
723 Market Street.
SAN FRANCISCO.
MAIN OFFICE PORTLAND. OR.
BRANCH SEATTLE. WASH.
MUNYON'S GUARANTEE.
Strong: Aaaertlona n» to Just What
Uie Hcniedlrt Will Do.
_^C"»>* Munjon guiranteei
, |§£JtW'&i£r3t> v that bis Rheumatism
jff5tij^.v v ir?*S'*a VuTe Trin c ' ire
* :1 cmies of rheuma-
fSf ' *Nfc£S; tl«m la a few bt/ir*.
m& 4r«ra thtt tls p .«P«P»'a Cure
E& -Z£f,-/zi w "l enre lmllgestioo and
Q3 _ jr rfV^j* *H stomach troubles:
VS &*&\%vgiy ttat bi» Kidney Cure
l •" V«>3? wl " cure 9° P er ** n '-
Vl y*d\<ffl * f a11 cases of kldnev
\ >_2wW troable; that hl§ Ca
Rj» "" «£ flSf tarrh Cure will cure
( *«?«W. catarrh no matter bow
%&ffl vStrZZjgStfey&b. Ion t standing; that bis
W i^&SZS&i-ftf' UenOicho Cur»- will cure
»*l 1*^ \fff »ny kind of hcirtacte In
\ I f' m few mlnutea; th«t
1 hit Cold Cure wli!
quickly break np anj
i«nn of cold tad go en tbrouph the entire Hat o'
reraedles. At all flnigslsts. 25 crnt-i a rial.
If jou need mr<l!c-l adrice wrll«- I*rof. Mtinyor
1B06 Arch at. l"hV:t It U absolutely fr»«.
;
DR. GROSSMAN'S SPECIFIC MIXTUf
For the cure of GONORRHOEA. GLKKT3.
, ETRICTUHKS and enalagous complalnta u( tftj
' Oreans of Generation.
Price SI a bottle. For aale by drusc'.sts.
DR. BENNETT'S ELECTRIC BELT
Makes weak rr>en and women strong
strong men and women strongrer. Adress 47
POST ST.. rooms 5 and 6. San Francisco. Cal.
AMUSEMENTS.
CENTRAL PARK.
Market and Eighth fts.
Open dally from noon till midnight.
FUN FOR ALL!
NEWEST SENSATION.
THE SLED-SLIDE,
EVERYBODY RIDES.
FREE STREET FAIR AND
PADDY'S MARKET.
MANY NEW AND NOVEL ATTRACTIONS.
ADMISSION. lOc— CHILDREN, 5c.
Tickets good for any attraction In the park.
Native Sons and Daughters admitted free on
their badges.
ALTA THEATER.
IDS Grove Street. Phone South 32J.
TO-NIGHT, last week, with matinees Pntur-
i day and Sunday. First time on any stage—
i CAPTAIN JACK CRAWFORD'S great Bor-
i der Drama. Illustrating his life on the fron-
I tier, entitled. "ON— THE— TRAIL."
! The Call, Chronicle. Examiner. Post and
I Bulletin acknowledge It to be the best scenic
i melodrama seen here in years.
I Prices, 10c. 20c, 30c. Next— "Dottom of the
; Sea."
)
SUTRO B^THS.
OPEN NIGHTS.
Oren Dally From 7 a. m. to 11 p. m.
Bathing From 7 a. m. to 10 p. m.
' ADMISSION. 10: CHILDREN. 5c.
_B^thlng, Including admtsrion, 2ic; Children, »c.
AUVEHTISZJilENTS.
WHEN YOU ORDER
Baker's Qiocolate
or Ba^r's (^ocoa
r> EXAMINE THE PACK-
¥2 AGE \OU RECEIVE
D*5?-y2, A N V M A K E Sl'RE
Jr^^ THAT IT BEARS OUR
M \ TRADE-MARK.
fi : 1 "La Belle
r^r Chocolatiere"
- •¦'¦• drciiiontof the U. S Coi»-.» no otTier
B :*•< or Coco* i» ettit'.ed to b« labeled or
old i* " I alter*! Chotoiatt'or" Baker's Coco*."*
Walter Baker it Co. Lilted
DORCHESTER . . MASS.
M
| More
j Wholesome j
3 than Creamery Butter or j
* Olive < Ml for Shortening
3 and Frying,
j"Ko-Nut"
I doesn't make things greasy
| like lard and similar pro-
4 ducts ; but does make things
jj crisp, delicious and health-
I fnl; jumps into popularity \
I at once in ever}* household. \
\ India Refining Co.
AmsiT CR JORDAN'S great d
mUiM 8r fiSSTOHVf
a C& USl UiZZZ? US. t**~ C£W&, SJXd. A
"* ijr The LarjeM \Dat?mic«l Museum in the \
A ~ffl. __ Vorii WeJrae»'»» ut *njr eonrracted g
ifer- k^^ Jin* 1 -'- |»«" ~i*fTcf 3' fr.< nj- fhr nlrint JT
(S. pi?. QFl apca-iincc t^. C+u. Eit-36yo»xt. 3
i (l^'l 02. JCRfitti-PRnr &TE O'SEASES$
i u (J*"^% 3 LeawrttatiJO fr-^t end 3tri--tly private. \
t t Trt «'«»"' person.-.!!)- or hy letter. A 9
f ft nr^»l# Hat tm Cvrt in eveijr ca^« undertaken. T
J& tf f 'Ift Wr-ttfor Boct.PBILO!iOrBi *t i
V* I jPi JfARBIAlit:. MAILCS F&ES. '. A W
A u it- tr » | i»» u « ***>* tat Birn ' )¦
V S*lt JOIJCAK A CO.. 1051 Marfcet et-.S.F. f
*l=ji' FAVOR BTE
ll FOR WEAK WOWEM.
I THflPC Manuscripts suitable for Ie-
<¦ L 1 liUiV j ruing In volume form required
' FFi'lVfi 4 *' y <=stabliFh«l house; liberal
• 1 .. .l."U A tera«; prompt. rtraigJitforward
J f'R! ICHPD treatment. Address "Books."
I LDLI3I1LB j<i Herald ZZi et.. New Tork.
Pur^:y veretable. m!ia and reliable. Causa
P*rf»-'t digestion, complete absorption and
healthful rejpularlty.
For the cure of a!l disorders of the Stomach,
Liver. Uowels. Kidneys. Bladder. Female Ir-
retrularitle*. Sick Headache. Biliousness. Con-
»•;;.!!. n. Piles and all denncemmu of th»
Internal Vlecera. 25c a box. At Drurgists. or
ly luOL RADWAT & CO.. New York,Locomobile and Wheel Adepts Have a Hot
Day on the Track.
RUSS CAPTURES CYCLE
HONORS AT INGLESIDE
Up to a short time ago the patterns on
linoleum were printed. By means of a
now machine the various colors are inlaid,
so that the patterns cannot wear off.
American Leaeue Games.
KANSAS CITY. fcTl. ».— J-irst wnn-Kan
Eat City 6, Cleveland 3. Second — Kansa-
Citv h. Cleveland 7.
MINNEAroLIH. Fept. 9.— Fir-t irame— M!n
n*u»!johs 7. Indiar.r.p'lls 1. Second (tame- Min
pf-ar*'!;* 7. Indianapolis 6.
MIIAVAL'KEE. Sej.t. 9.— Milwaukee 1, Buf
Cala -¦
CHICAGO, Sept. 3.— Cliicaeo 6. Detroit 2.
SAN RAFAEL, Sept. 9.— A splendid
game of baseball was played here this
afternoon between the San Rafaels and
the Dan P. Carters of San Francisco. Up
to the last inning the game stood 7 to 2
in favor of the home team, but in the
ninth the visitors piled up four runs and
the grame closed with a score of 7 to 6 Jn
favor of the San Rafaels.
San Bafaels Win.
r zfyufolii&
Is the easiest tonic In the world to take and the
most beneficial and lastine in its results. The
Anheuser-Busch Drawing As«'n preuarea it
hcr.ee its merit. Sold hv all ilruRirists.
"I can't help that." replied the other.
"I'm tukinpr you at your word. There is
your sipn, 'Money refunded, or you can
exchange for anything in the store." It's
optional with me, and I wish to exchange
for "anything in the store.' ThU» Is the
'anything' that suits me."
Th«> following handball camos were
played yesterday ;it Ryan's court:
P. Uclvlnnon and N'. Polldori 21 21 a
J. ritzpatriok and M. McNril io n *g
>'. I^-vy and S. Wurkhfim "i j| »i
E. l^ovf-nf- an<i J. Lance '_' <>o 21 12
F. Fil'jKta and }.. Juan a( , M
J. Knaraufjii and M. Klieihe .....Zb aces
J. Glynn and R. Rcsll »j «>i jo
\V. Johnson and C. Ivtrkin ..'..'. Jo 15 n
M. I>i:ion and O. Uutchir.son.. 21 21 Ifi it *i
V. K«-lly and W. Kelly S 13 21 21 U
r,<n Ctencnti 2j 36 21
!>•«• Kenny [ 17 21 14
W. Fisher and E. McGlnty «i 21 13
P. Ryan and M. Joyce U 16 2 l
A. McVicker and T. Leach.... 21 *l lg 15 21
J. Condon and T. Foley 10 13 ;i 21 17
J. Glynn and E. "White 21 21 *»l
vr. Johnson and G. 'irecn 9 IS J 8
R. Mcrphy and E. Curler 21 21 21 20 1
J. Collin and \V. Mapulr* S 12 13 21 14
Handball at Ryan's.
test Is looked forward to. The entries are as
follows:
First race— Trotting, Stanford stake, mile
heats, best three in tlve: Baby Wllkes. Tom
Smith. Vendome, Ben I^Iebes, Dagmar, The
Second race— Trottlngr. 2:12 clap?, mile heats,
best three in five: Dolly Dillon, Claudius,
1'rinie Gift Miss Jessie, Hazel Kinney, Tran
Alta.
Third race — Running, three-year-olds and up.
wanl three-quarters of a mile, eellinpr: Abano
110 Meadow Irfirk 110, Romany 110, Thlegon 99,
Do'lore 107, Tres Jolie 104. Torslda 107, Bam
buulia 104 St. Apolllnaris 110, Delia Connor 37.
Ixmise Hayman 100. Lourey 110, Cowboy 104,
Loboslno 93. .Urchin 99, Hiram Johnson 99. Dun
blane 104. . .
Fourth race— Running, three-year-olds and
upward one mile, selllnp: Snips 105, Grand
Sachem 10S Hipponax 96. Expedient S3, Ca*dale
102. Sea Spray 113, El Mido 108. Briar Hill 105.
Fifth race— Running, three-year-olds and up
ward three-quarters of a mile, selling: Letiger
85, Abano 104 Bathos 100. Flush of Gold 92,
February 103. Asian 95,-SunelIo 104.
3y F. E3. Mu.ttiolla.xicl.
KAOUAMEXTO. Sept. 3.— The 2:12 trot will
be thf> featurp of the card at Agricultural Tnrk
to-morrow. Hazel Klnney and Dolly Dillon
ag-aln will try conclusions and an exciting con-
Entries for To-I>ay at Sacramento
Among Which the Feature Is
the 2:12 Trot.
HAZEL KINNEY AND DOLLY
DILLON ARE ON THE CARD
TENNIS ENTRIES.
Hardy Brothers to Defend Titla to
Coast Championship
DEL MONTE. Sept. 0.— The annual gen
tlemen's double tennis tournament for the
Pacific Coast championship will hf I laved
here September 10 and 11. S. I^--?' 1 " ;'
the Hardy brothers, present hoi-.trs o*.
the championship, will defend :t a *a in^
the winning team of the ail-comers
m The h rntries up to date are:. Collier antj
Crowell. California Club: i '. Murdcck an I
H. H. Haisht. Harper brothers of I acme
Grove. R. Katjo and H. L. y.arbuiton of
Santa Clara. S. Hash tt ™£*&!j£™j
A-lams and Weihe. Both and ganUrtgl of
Stanford, Stewart and Macf ar.r».w ot
Oakland. Nicholson and Codjro* the^a..
fornia Club. Whitney brothers of tho
Thr^e 11 prizes ''are offered, on* for the
coast championship, one to the tearn win
ning the tournament and one to the run
ners up.
Three Boats Are Capsized jJefore
Rounding the Blossom Rock
• Buoy.
After the championship rowing events '¦
had taken place off Long wharf the slx
oared cutter crew of the Naval Militia.
Division 2, rowed over the course, which
they completed in the excellent time ot
12 minutes 33 seconds. Then the tug Re
lief, with the rejratta committees of the
Native Sons and of the Pacific Association
and their guests, steamed round to Pow
ell-street wharf to witness the Whitehall
sailing races- These were under the man
agement of the following: George H. S.
Drytlon. referco; W. F. Fitzgerald
starter; Captain Peter McGowan and
John T. Gateley; judges. There were fif
teen entries, but only seven of these start
ed. The course was from Powell-street
wharf to Blossim Rock buoy, round it and
back to a siakebont off Mfigsjs wharf
round it and out to a st.ikeboat off Fort
Point, round that and home to Meiggg
wharf. There was a very stiff breeze in
the channel and three of the whitehalla
capsized beforo cr while rounding Blos
som Rock buoy. These were the Henrv
Peterson, sailed by Joe Martin: the Jen
nie K. sailed by William Clarke and the
Columbia, sailed by William Moe The
men from the capsized boats clung to the
keels and were rescued by the tuir Up
lief, Eugene Flanders' launch Alert and
the tug Governor Irwln. The mast wai
unatepped from the Columbia and the boat
taken in tow by the Relief. The Jennfe
K was brought in by the Governor Irwln.
but the Henry Peterson was smashed bv
the propeller of the Governor Irwln and
Th t ° 1 th . or , little boat s. not dismayed by
the bad luck of their competitors kon't
on and covered tho course safely finish
ing in the following order: First Ar
thur McCracken. sailed by Thomas Crovr
ley; second. Golden Shore, sailed by James
Mnnott: third. Stowart Menzies. sailed by
David Crowley Sr.; fourth. Captain Mc-
Allister, sailed by George Price. The ac
cident which capsized the Henry Peter
son was a curious one. The Columbia
sailed by William Moe. ran under her
main boom, threw it up and caused her
to capsize to windward. The other boats
were capsized in gybing round Blossom
Rock buoy.
WHITEHALLS SAIL IN
A BLUSTERING BREEZE
Bunching of the Small Craft at the
Finish Causes Excite
ment.
The fisherman's boat-sailing race was
the prettiest event that took place on the
rny yesterday. Despite the fact that tho
ptroiag westerly breeze, mfeting an ebbing
1 !<!•-. h;;d kicked up a nasty sea in the
channel; tho small boats kept gamely to
tb<-ir -vnrk and raced faoh oth<>r to so
rJose a finish that the? judges found it dif
ticult t<» pick '.ho winners. Thf following
seven boats entered: Battista. sailed by
Captain Battista; Palermo, sailed by S
Anurato; Liguria. sa!I<-d by Ohio Lazzaro-
Monteleasre. sailed by Stefar.o Masso;
S«mpor Avante. sailed by P. C.'enola;
Bcacca, saib-d bv P. Marascano, and Gian
«no. mailed by P. Keoola:
To lessen the danger ot collision Xos 1
and 2 were started at 2:31 p. m., Xo, 3 at
'J.\'r: p. m.. No. 4 at 2:?.'{ p. m.. Xo. 5 at
~:"i p. m.. No. 6 at 2:35 p. m. and N'o 7
lit 2:36 p. m.
TUo boats rounded tho windward etake
boat rinse together, and on the run home
were plainly bunched. First prize was
r<f.ard*-<1 to the I^iguria. second to tho
Semper Avanto. third to Sracra. fourth to
<»ian«-tto find fifth to Montoleagro. Only
a space of loss than four minutes separ
ated tho f.rM and | ast boat. The officials
were tho following: F. Marini. referee-
A. CervRfcfno. startor: A. Paladini and
Giaccotno Clncotta. Judge*
FISHERMEN'S BOATS
MAKE A PRETTY RACE
" IGHT THOUSAND people saw E.
F. Russ win the 25-mile relay race
at the bicycle and automobile meet
at the Ingleside track yesterday af
ternoon. Besides winning a trophy he
wrested from the Reno wheelmen the
championship of the Pacific Coast for the
distar.ee named and it is now in the safe
custody of the "winged O" aggregation.
Russ also distinguished himself by win
ning the one-mile handicap and the half
mile scratch against fifteen starters.
The relay race was a listless affair for
the first four relays cf five miles each,
but it warmed up in the fifth and the
clubs came past the tape in the following
order: Olympic Club, E. F. Russ: Ix>s
Angeles Wheelmen. A. C. Muff; Garden
City Wheelmen, Lace Downing; Capital
City Wheelmen, A. Buckrath: Terminal
City Wheelmen, H. D. Bean; Reno Wheel
men, W. Keddie; Calirornia Cycling Club,
T. White. The Oak Park Club did not
finish.
The best time in the first relay was
made by the Garden City Club in 14:34,
ridor. Burton Downing; the second relay
by California Cycling Club. G. Hamlin,
in 14:54; the third by Reno. M. Stanley, in
14:28 4-I>; fourth relay. Los Angeles, Frank
Hoffmann, in 13:5S, and the fifth relay by
Reno in 13:06 3-5. This relay was ridden
for Reno by H. I>- Bean, who took B.
Noonan's place, the 'atter having been
thrown in the half-mile handicap. The
corrected time of each club in the five re
lays follows:
The heats In the one-mile handicap were
run off in the morning and the final was
won by E. F. Russ in 2:17 2-5; W. Keddie
second" A. C. Muff third, A. Davidson
fourth" and L. A. Hoffmann fifth. The
other starters were W. Demara. F. Shan
non, F. Marish, L. Downing, J. Hirsch,
Y Pearne, F. Hoffmann, F. West, B.
Noonan. P. Valentine and G. Horner.
The rtnal in the half-mile scratch was
won by Russ in 1:14 1-5, F. Hoffmann sec
ond and Y. Pearne third.
The first automobile race over a two
mile course ever run on the coast was one
of the interesting events of the day. It
was won by M. Rockett with a locomobile
in three heats— time, 2:09 3-5. The other
contestants in locomobiles were E. A.
Boeseke M. Mousehardt and George P.
Moore; who finished in the order named.
During the intermissions there was some
clever trick riding by "Trilby" Fowler.
The officers of the day follow:
Committee of arrangements — Judge
Frank H. Kerri&an, chairman; L. M.
Bannan, vice chairman; Frank H. Smith,
secretary; William Mackie. Fred Boeck
mann F. A. Bush. M. C. Rambo, H. W.
Spaulding. Stanley G. Scovern. Edwin
Goeller, Thomas Splllane, E. F. Learning,
C. N. Ravlin.
Timers— H. D. Hadcnfeldt. G. P. Wet
more. H. T. Wynne. Tony Delmas. John
Elliott, C. R. Coulter. J. A. Desimore.
Joseph Lewis. Tracy Q. Hall. George II.
Strong, T. S. Hall. R. P. Aylward.
Scorers— N. Gcrdes. 1J. R. Reasy, D. J.
Manning. E. G. Montealeag. H. T. Russ.
R. Matthey. H. Buttgcnbach. R. Welch.
M. "C. Rambo, J. E. Ahem, George Stan
yeriberger, M. J. Menne.
Clerk of course— W. L. Loos; assistant
clerks— Herbert V. Ready, R. A. Coulter.
Announcer — George Dixon. '
Chief umpire — George Miehliner.
Judges automobile events— Thomas H.
B. Varney, A. E. Brooke Ridley. Fred
"Ward. Charles C Moore. Joseph C. Sax
ton. Cress TTnjrcr.
•Did not finish.
San Francisco 4, Sacramsnto 1. j
BEFORE a semi-centennial crowd at !
Recreation grounds the Hankites j
fell upon the upper house yesterday j
afternoon and defeated every one j
of their pet measures. Even with Wil
liam Pitt the younger Ruardins the right
field territory the Senators were weak in
ajrpresslve policy and they succumbed to I
the intricate, puzzling warfare of the
"pretzel consumers."
The Senatorial asrerepation was thick
in errors and this lack of pood and wise
diamond conduct lo.-t them the samf 5 .
Jay Hughes cavorted on the slab and hib
curves were as inextricable as of yore.
Five times he was unraveled by the Ger
man band, Brockhoff and Schwartz get
ting two each and Pabst the fifth odd une.
The crowd that paid *. round GO cents to
enter the grounds and an added half of
that sum to fit in tne reserved section
was of baseball complexion. Many wore
breasted with yellow and all were heav
ily charged with throat noise that floated
out nf the grand stand and bleachers with
incessant sound turmoil. Some fanatics
were in the grounds as early as 1 o'clock
and they remained untii the second game
—that between Oakland and Stockton—
was finished; somewhere in the neighbor
hood of 5:30 p. m.
The lirst game between the top-notchers
Kriseo and Sacramento— was highly en
tertaining The first inning brought
the Hnr.Kitos into action and tho boy at
the blackboard worked off a single stroke.
It was the result of a two-bagger by
Brockhoff and an error by Hanlon of
Pabst's grounder, which meant a run for
I Far^away^in the fourth the Senators
tied the score for a minute or two. Han
lon who met Iburg"s delivery with pr.
ci'i'on swatted out a hit to left and after
a purloining of the rniiJle station can
tered over tne plate when Doyle drove tne
spheroid out of countenance for two
bas;s. That was Sacramento's limit or
This same inning, the fifth and tho sixth
bore fruit for the local men. In the fourth
Krug scored soon aft**r a phenomenal
rlsrht-hand aerial catch by McLaughlin,
who destroyed in its very iniancy a pos
sible three-bagger from Doyle's bat. In
the fifth a double by Schwartz and a Sin
gle bv Pabst meant run three for the lo
cals 'The fourth and last run was added
in the sixth. Keilly hwattcd an inlicld
II v toward the blue above -agar was
smearing himself all over It in joyful an
ticipation, but he dropped the ball and
Josh was safe on first. A sacrifice by
Iburg and a hit by Rei.iy to Hanlon.
who sent the ball homeward, but not fast
enough, gave Reilly another run. The
KL " r< '' SACRAMENTO.
AB. R. IiH. SB. PO. A. E.
McLaughlin. 1. f 2 0 113 0 0
Pevereaux, 3b 4 0 0 0 2 0 0
Ep-nan ss 3 0 112 3 1
Hufe p 3 0 0 0 0 2 1
iffio" lb 2 1116 12
Stanley c 4 0 10 5 2 0
Dovle c t 4 0 10 3 10
ST U ;£ 2b 4 0 0 0 3 11
Pitt r. f 4 0 10 10 0
Totals SO 1 6 3 24 10 3
SAN' FRANCISCO.
AB. It. EH. SB. PO. A. E.
Urot-khrjff. c. f 3 12 2 2 10
Hildebrand. r. f 4 « 0 0 3 0 0
Schwartz. 2b 4 12 0 4 12
Pafcfct lb 3 0 10 9 0 0
Sullivan, c 3 0 0 O 3 4 (»
l>evy, 1. f 3 0 0 0 10 0
KniK. ss 3 10 0 4 2 1
rteilly. 3b 4 10 0 15 0
Jl.urtr. p 2 0 0 0 0 10
Totals 23 "i "i 8 27 U 3
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Sacramento 0 0 0 10 0 0 0 0 — 1
Base hits 1 0 '0 21110 0— 6
San Francisco 1 0011100'— 4
Base hits 1 0 012010*— 5
SUMMARY.
Runs responsible for— Hushes 1. Two-base
hits— BrnekhofT, Doyle, Schwartz. Sacrifice hits
— Hjurt'. McLaughlin. First ba?e on errors-
San Francisco 3, Sacramento 1. First base on
called balls— San Francisco 4. Sacramento 4.
I-eft on bases— San Francisco 6. Sacramento B.
Struck out— By IbuiR 2, by Hushes 3. Hit by
pitcher— Levy. Double plays— Stanley to Han-
Ion to Devereaux; Kacan to Hanlon; Stultz to
Hanlon. Time .if game— 1 hour and 43 minutes.
I mi-ire— O'Connell. Official scorer— J. \V. Sta
pleton.
Oakland 10, Stockton 2.
The crowd felt that its money's worth
was more than returned after the San
Francisco-Sacramento game, but it clung
to the stands In sticky persistence until
the last Stocktonian was retired by a
Dude hope-destroyer. Jimmy Whalcn was
so easy for the Brummelian stickers that
they ate a full dozen of his curve dishes
runs Sfe te " th ° f a « ntc ™'al of
At the jump Stockton went at Borchers*
service with a pair of "clean windows."
A pair of hits meant a run for McGucken
Jn the Becdnd inning the Millers added
another to the list, Courtney receiving the
™ r ;rV' ft( f r A a t Y;°- baeKLJr lenrthenefl by
an error of Arrellancs
Oakland burst refulgent in two innings
the fourth and the fifth, when it made a
score bis enouph to win two games In
h?fif»«?.Vi, Wha . Ien Was P u »i«hed for two
hits and three runs and the succeeding
W^i&^mM the D^ J^
! IK^. e Scorer 1 * 1 nOt
OAKLAND.
AB. R. nil. S7r. PO A E
: Dronnnn, c. f r, 1 2 i \ n ' A
HutchlnsonV lb .V 1 2 1 i? n o
Francks, s. p 5 0 0 0 0 3 ?
Arrellanes. 2b 5 2 1 0 2 1 •>
Borchers. p 5 1 1 0 0 4 n
I Bowman 1. i 5 3 3 2 ? 0 n
I Held. r. f 4 1 2 2 i 0 n
Manserina, c 5 1 0 1 7 n 0
Kar.e, 3b J _0 1 0 0 1 0
Totals 44 10 12 ~7 27 11 "3
STOCKTON.
! ' Alt. R. B1L SB. PO \ F
McCarthy; l.f 4 0 0 0 3 0 6
McGucken. c. f 4 1 0 1 3 0 n
Moore. 3b 4 0 2 13 3 2
Streib. c. & lb 3 0 1 3 12 j J
Eagar, lb & c 4 0 0 0 1 0 n
Rabhltt. 8,8 4 0 0 0 14"
Courtr.ey. 2b... 4 1 3 1 •> n T
McQuald. r. f 4 0 0 0 0 0 n
Whalen. p 4 0 0 2 1 j | x
Totals S3 2 6 8 »26 U ~l
•Kane out, being hit by batted ball.
, RUNS AJXD HITS BY INNINGS.
Oakland 00034011 1— Ifl
Ease hits 0 112 4013 0-r>
Stockton 1 10000000—*
Base hits 2 10111000— 6
SUM MART.
Runs responsible for— AVhalen 3. Two-base
hits— Courtney. Bowman. Sacrifice hits— Held
First base on errors— Stockton 2. Oakland 7'
Fust base on called balls— Stockton 1. Left mi
bases— Stockton 7, Oakland S. Struck out— Uv
Uorchcrs 7. Passed balls— Eagar 2. Time o"f
Eanie— 2:00. Umpire— Hughey Smith. Official
scorer— .7. W. Staplcton.
MORNING GAME.
Stockton 5, Oakland 1.
So fair and foul a baseball day was
never seen before as that at the Oakland
grounds yesterday morning-, when tho
Oakland and Stockton Divide Honors With
a Victory and a
Dereak
HANK'S GERMAN NINE
"WALLOPS" THE SENATORS
Millers satisfied their venom on their
rivals for show money. Babbitt was in
tho box for Stockton and Farrow for
Oakland and to those men belong the
honors of the day. Four hits off Farrow
and one less than that oft Habbitt were
the pitchers' recorded punishment.
Oakland's defeat was in preat measure
due to a triplicate of errors by
1- ranckf. His three lapses from icrrace
pave four runs to Stockton. Moore's play
at third was of the highly sensational
kir.a, three hard foul flies bei»p pocketed
by his notlike mits. McOucken, at ripht,
also distinguished himself
OAKLAXD. '
An. n. nn. pb. ro. a. k.
Prrnnnn. r. f 3 0 0 0 10 0
Hutchlnson, lb 3 o o i m o i
Franckg. p. s a l i 3 1 4 ;5
Arrfllcinps, 2h i 0 1 0 5 1 ]
Mangerina, c * 0 0 0 4 •> 0
>f*''l. r. f 3 0 1 0 0 0 0
Bowman, 1. f 4 0 0 0 110
Kane, 2b 3 0 0 0 2 2 0
Farrow, p 3 0 0 0 0 3 0
ilardie 10 0 0 0 0 0
Totals 31 1 3 4 24 13 5
STOCKTON.
An. r. mi. sn. ro. a. e.
McCarthy, i. f i o o 0 0 0 0
Mc-fJuckPn. c. f 4 1 0 n 3 0 0
Moore, 3b 3 110 3 4 0
f-trrib. lb 4 12 0 8 0 0
Eavar, o 2 0 0 0 3 0 0
Itabbitt, p 4 0 0 0 0 1 0
Courtney, 2b 3 0 10 2 4 1
McQuade, r. f 3 0 0 0 4 0 0
"Williams, p. s 3 0 0 0 4 10
AVhalfn. 1. f 12 0 10 0 0
Trna.Jp 23 E 4 1 27 10 1
« RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Oakland 00000001 0—1
Base hits 01000002 0 3
Stockton 20201000 •— 5
Base hits 21100000 •— 4
SUMMARY.
Runs responsible for— Farrow 1. Babbitt 1.
Two-base hitp— Franoks. Strelb. Flrse base on
rrrnrs— Oakland 1, Stockton 5. First base on
called balls— Oakland 6. Stoektnn u. L«ft on
bases— Oakland 8, Stockton 4. Ptmrk out— By
Babbitt 3. by Farrow 2. Double plays— Row
man to Farrow to Kane; HutchinKon unas
sisted. Passed balls— Mangerlna 1, Eacar 2.
Wild pitch— Babbitt. Time of game— 1:55. Cm
plre—H. Smith. Official scorer— J. W. Staple
ton.
In Intermediate Four-Oared Race the
South Znds and Ariels Are Dis
qualified for Not Hound
ing- tlie Stake.
7he annual championship rowing re
f u'.'.a, held yesu-rday under the manape
niem of ihe regatta committees of the Na
me Boas of the Goidon West and the Pa
cific Association of the Amateur Athletic
T_"nion. was eminently successful. There
were numerous entries for the various
events, the water was smooth and some
v- rj Close races re^uKed. Tlie mu.st nota
biti event was the defeat of the Alameda
cr; v.- t.v the- i'loneers in the senior barge
race. .a!cx \\ . tVip« won tne senior sneil
i .s< t-, and the two skin events were gilts
to ine Aiameda :::<.ii wbosa new boat qujte
outckisscd tee other cralt. The lull re-
BV U were as follow:
tsesior l;argc race: Kirst, Pioneers —
Geurjju Coliopy, low ; George La\vt>on, No.
.. : . O'Nviu. Ao. 3; W. Lawson; stroke.
.-¦ COlKt, Abmocas-J. S. Lews, bow;
George tjsvns. No. >; l_)avid Oreenieaf, No.
3; t . \\ . Aj ers, struct;; .Bert Cameron,
cockswain.
'iturd, boulh Eni>s— Walter Duplissea,
bow; 'ftoowas Lyncn. No. :.'; Henry Ls<.>ae,
No. o; FrauUC juupiissea. stroRe; Albt-rt
boBncnbors, cockswain.
Senior .-:.<!; rax'«.-— i- :rst, A. W. Pape of
the J ¦.',!:.:.., -ccon.!, c. L. Ochs or tlie
l'lgnecra; third, J. i>. Keenan ot the Doi
yh>n±. s>tiLnie> Adderley of the Tritons
and \\ :::;.. rr. *lcljiu*iur.a of the Ariels il.d
: ' Jlnish.
ivnior barge race: First, Alamedas— J.
C i.-i;v:r.ii. uov; LeR-jy Pollard. No. 2;
J ¦¦ : uyon«, >o. fc:uney J. Pollara,
t-xi-'h.--; Bert Cameron, vookswain.
no, Ariel*-J_. N'okes, bow; li. Foley.
No. 2; E. ttnnth. N"o. 3; J. Keegan, stroke.
"i h;rd. Pioneers— Thomas Lawson, bow;
< .• orge B-iro. No. ::; K. Yeilan, No. a; Kreu
ttt-al, stroke.
n Lms flnisbed fourth and Dolphins
Junior outrigpod skiff— First. John Lewis
i-! lh« ALuseoas; second. E. Kragness of
Lne IMhphins; third. K. J. Lynch of the
-*r>^- Al. Castimaa of the South Ends
imisced last.
Junior shell raco— First, George McGriil
c.£ the South Er.u.s second, li. Wilson of
Ibe Ariels.
-¦ .: r cutrigged :=kifE race— First, F. W.
Ayers of :h<.- Alamedas; second, Stanley
Adaerley of the Tritons. l>r. C. C. Dennis
« I th» fco-Jth Krds.. C. G. Avers of the
Alaxm-aas. Charles of the Ariels
and \V. O. I'atch of the Dolphins also cov
er* : Lhe course.
Intermediate barce rare: First. Alame-
Ans—E. J. Eialnan. bow; E. B. Thorning,
-v . I: j:<.ri Guild, No. 3; Harry Nelson.
Btrc :;.
nd. Pioneers— Thomas Lawson, bow:
Gecnre Born, No. 2; R. Yerian, No 3-
J-r«-fj >>-al. stroke.
Ti.e South llnds finished fir<=t after a
cose and exri;injr race with the Alam^
cis. bat were dhujualilied for not round
ing the stake at the turn. The Ariels
wero disqualified 'for the same reason.
j ht* Olympics were entered, but did not
start.
The Alameda senior barge >rew rowed
a heart-breaking stroke of 43 to M per
minute, but th^ Pioneers made a better
turn at the .^take and won a finp race by
Xv.:-> lengths. Three lengths separated the
AJamedas and South Ends. In the senior
race A. W. Pape cot away with the
lead and was never oaucrht, thousrh C L.
Oeks stuck eaoady to his work and fin
ished second. McCausland and Kfcnan
fouled <-:i'-h other on tho way out to th*
tarn and on the way back McCausland
capsized, leaving Kocnaxi to take third
prize. Stanley Adderley met with a mis
liap soon after starting, the shoe tearing
away !'r«,m tho stretcher of hi? shell; and
he was compelled ;o retire. The Alarm-da
Juniors hit up a terrific stroke of b0 to
the rr.imito and w<->n by six length?. The
Pioneers were leading at the turn, but the
Artels came up. passed them and took
Ff^ond pla-p. In thp junior skiff rarp
Jf-":'n Lewis jumped away with the lead
and won as hf liked by a dozen or more
lengths. In the junior shell race George
McGrili proved an easy winner. The first
jilaoo in the por.Ior skiff raor> was taken
by F. \V. Avers, with a lnnR leaii Adder-
Icy boating C. C. Dennis handily for sec
ond place.
John T. Sullivan nf the Pioneers wa«=
r.f<r»r; T. I. Fitzpatrick of the South
Ends; Btarter: T. J. Kennedy ot the Dol
phlns marshal, ar.d J. A. Geddes of the
Ariels, assistant marshal. Considerablt
dr'ay occurred between the events, as the
contestants were slow in reaching: the
line, causing; some dissatisfaction on the
part of the spectators.
New Eoat From Oakland
Creek Gels Away With
Both Skiff Events.
PIONEERS WIN
SENIOR BARGE
CHAMPIONSHIP
American Biders Surprise th3 rr;nc^J
men in the Bicycle Events
Near Paris.
PARIS. J?f>pt. W.— There was an eno;
mous gathtrinR yesterday at Vineennes to
witness the first day's bicycle contest* f'-r
the exposition Grand Prix. Both McFar
land and Cooper won in the preltmraary
heats. much to everj'h»i«y's surprise. lt«
ridinB of tho Americans being a veritao-e
revelation. Elgbt v.innrra in trial heatd
will compete for tho Gninrt Prix in tac
finals next Sunday. McKartand won IB •
Course <le Prims. CX> kilometers, i-i L> niiii
utes 2i) 2-5 seconds.
M'FARLAND OF SAN JOSE
WINS AT VINCENNES RACES
Special holiday stake— Hot Haste vs. Re
annex: Heauty Spot vs. Twllicht Jr.: fralw
vs. Johnnie R: War Ea«Ie vs. Imperial: Pleas
ant Girl \s. Old Glory; BOCklta vs. Little Sln
tfr: Olita vs. Cavalier; Twin City Girt vs. St.
Michael; Rec^rdlns: Ans;el vs. Iv.va Maid; Motto
vs. Headwater: Iowa Biy v?. lialfmoon: War
path vs. JtnlLlcltinK Airs: Wild Wave vs. Swe<-t
ness.; Ploughboy vs. Sleigh Cells: Silver Winna
ve. Athcr.a; J L It vs. AtMU: Victor Queen vs.
Santonin: Onward vs. May Hempstead; t!ar*
vs. Mountain P#auty: Modesty vs. Frrget: Krin
vs. r>alry Maid: Hone«ty vs. H'"rh porn Ladj :
Controller vs Slim: Gatlant v? Wee Waves;
Lcrr Brawn vs. Black Hawk; Golden Itoawl
vs. Vandal: Vixen vs. Vanity Fair: ifonatata
P*lle vs. Tommy Rex: Veto vs. McKinley.
Random Aim vs. Patriot: Wedsrwood v.*. B^-tsv
Harrow; Rnna Fide vs. Round About.
Thrre -will be a special holiday *U-dn£r
stake run ort at Union Park tn-morrow.
Trains will leave Third and Tuwnaeml
streets at 10:13 ami 11:30 a. m. and 1
p. m. The drawing 1 took platv at tho parK
yesterday, and is as follows:
Special Holiday Stake.
Third round— Palo A!to beat Royal Flu.-'h.
10-2; Flora McDonald beat Sir Pasha. 13-16:
Sacramento Boy beat Rural Artist 5-0.
Fourth rour.d— Palo Alto beat Flora Mc-
Donald. 13-2; Sacramento Kov a by*.
DecMXaa course— Palo Alto" beat Sacramento
Boi". fi-2.
Second round— Palo Alto beat Spiteful, 12-4;
Royal Flush beat Mayflower, 3-1; Sir Taaii*
beat Ilerschel's Pride, S-8: Flora .McDonald a
bre; Rural Artlat beat Sisquoc. 13-4; Saori
menio Boy beat Royal Union. 5-1.
Chamoion stake, first round— RusspII, Allen
& Wilson's Spiteful beat Pasha Kennels" Rude
Awakening. 10-S; K. Geary's Palo Alto beat
Russell. Allen & Wilson's Victor Boy. 11-1; J.
Simon's Mayflower beat J. T. McCarthy's John
Doe. T-U F. A. MoComb's Royal Flush beat
T. J. Crnnin's Wild Tralee. 6-0; F. A. Mc-
Comb'3 Sir Pasha beat E. Geary's Ireland. •>-::;
J. Satton'a HaradMi*! Pride a bye: E. M. Kel
lOKC'a Swe»t Emma beat Aeneid Kennels' Fine
Fire, 13-1); Lowe .* Thompson's Flora McDon
ald beat J. P. Thrift's Brutus. H-0; Pasha
Kennels' Rural Artist bent James Dean's Can
ner.iara. 5-4: J. Dean's Slsquoo beat P'ii i
Kennels' Recording Angel, 10-8; Walr.^B ,-
Hoenan'a Sacramento Boy beat P. J. RciiTj s
The Grafter.- 10-3; P. J. Rotlly's Royal Union
beat R. E. de li. Lopfas's Whitehead. 3-2
Fifth rour.d— First Foot btat Crawford Lua,
S-l; Harlt-an Gladys beat Weribec, 4-1; Lovl
na beat Floodgate. 4-3. '
Sixth round— Harlean Gladys beat First Foot.
7-0; Lovir.a a bye.
Deciding course — Ilarlean Gladys beat Lo
gins. 5-0.
Fourth round— Crawford Lass beat Weldint?
Bella. 9-S: First Foot beat Stiver Cloud, 7-:.;
Harlean Gladys beat Daisy Dale. 4-'>; Lovina
beat Crawford Rex, 3-2; Werlbee beat l^oro
nailo. 6-5; Floodgate beat Smugslr-r. 5-4.
Third round— \V«Ji!lr.s Btlls beat Flying
Daisy, 20-0; First Foot beat Casdale. 5-1; Ct»w«
ford Lass beat Xora Lawrence. 7-1; Stiver
Cloud beat Thorndale. 4-o; Harlt-an Gladys beat
Scotland Tet. 10-5; Lovina beat Mooni>riKht.
7-0; Daisy Dale beat Early Dawn. 3-1; Craw
ford Rex beat Psyche, 14-6; Cononado beat
Kanaka. 13-7; Werlbee boat Bf-n Lomond,
8-2; Smuggler beat Pink of Fashion. Z-l; Flood
eate beat Kins Cotton. 4-3.
Harlean Gladys Won the Futurif- stafta
yesterday at Union C<mrateeJ?£rt Jk !
J>o hound on the card was stronr enou*i
to offset the clever work of these fast
youngsters. Throughout The stake both
dogs exhibited their S arr,enes 3 ! and the
positions they gained were due to mer
itorious couraing. devoid of nukes
Floodgate reached the fifth round
where he went out to the runner rt> Al
though the score in this eourw wa/ close.
the three points scon.l by FlooogaU
were through favor of the hare, while
J-ovina earned all of her points.
In tne Champion stake it was Palo Al
to s day to run. and it was easv work
for him to polish oft his oi.pon.en.td He
was easily the best doer la this event
and. In contrast to his recent work, never
overlooked a chance, but went in to kill.
Sacramento Boy reached second place!
and showed himself a clever hound.
Flora .McDonald never ran better. Sue
beat Sir Pasha in the third round, scoring
23 to hla 16. and then went against the
almost invincible Palo Alto.
The programme offered proved a strong
drawing card, and it is doubtful it a.
larger crowd ever attended Union Park.
The day's results, with Judge Joha
Grace's official scores, follow:
California Futurity gtake, second round—
Condrey & Roughfs Flytny Daisy beat I. N.
Porters L!a t Prtca. 3-2; Kmsell. Allen & Wil
son s Wedding Bells beat Pasha Kennels'
l.eachlng After. 19-2; Russell. Allen &. Wilson's
first Foot beat Chiartni Brothers' Palmyra.
H-u; P. O'Dowd/t Cascade beat Paaha Kennels'
R!ch Aunt. S-0; V.\ D. Murphy's Crawford Las*
beat Russell. Allen & Wilson's Talk to 11-.
S-3; A. L. Austins Nora Lawrence beat H. <J.
Muller's Kreru-.vocxi Belle. 5-4: A. U Austin'9
Ihorndale beat F. Jones' Wedjrewr.od. 6-4- c.
O. Peterson's Silver Cloud beat K. K. Malcom's
Aethra. U-7; Ituasell, Allen & Wilson's Scot
land Yet beat I'asha Kennels' Rival's Answer,
I 1 ;- 1 *; F. Jones' Ilarlean Gladys beat J. IJyrnes"
Master Bly, 10-4; P. J. Reillys Moonbrisht
beat J. L. Ross" Doris. 5-0; K. Jones' Lovina
beat Pasha Kennels' Hose Attwood, 7-6; T. .1.
Cronin's L>aUy Dale beat F. Schou'a Lady G'l-.
kirk. 6-4. P. J. Keiilys Early Dawn beat .Jk
sell, Allen & Wilson's Castaway 6-4; K. E.
de B. Lopez's Crawford Ilex beat F. Janes'
Tom Hurlick, 4-0; Curtis & Sons Psyche beat
Lowe & Thompson's Cora Pearl, i-2: H. A. Deik
elman's Kanaka beat Russell, Allen A Wil
son's Lord Artioot. 7-3; J. A. Kiein'» Coco
nado beat Chiarini Brothers' Bunko Bill, 5-1;
George Parkinson's Ben Lomond beat II. A.
Deckel man s Ben Klrby, 2-0; It. E. de D. Ij>
pez's Werihee beat Pasha Kennels' Real Ar
ticle. 11-9; Lowe i Thompson's PinU of Fash-
Ion beat Condrey & nought's Homeward
Bound. 15-12; F. Schou's Smuggler b^at J. K.
Smith's Jennie Sylvanus. 10-1; Ncthercotl
Brothers' Floodgate beat Curtis & Son's Ractor,
11-4; Curtis & Son's King Cotton Wat P. il.
Clarkson's Golden Garter. S-3.
In Champion Class No Do~ Was
Speedy Enough to Get the Hag
From Clever Palo
Alto.
Beats Lovina, Her Sister,
in the Deciding Course
of the Stake.
HARLEAN GLADYS
RUNS FIRST IN
THE BIG EVENT
CALIFORNIA'S NATAL DAY CELEBRATED ON THE SPORTING FIELD
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, SEPTEALBEK 10, li)00.
VAST CROWDS DRAWN TO THE SPORTS OF FIELD, TRACK AND WAVE.
8
!
CLUBS—
5 Miles.
Ml
Ml
Mi
»s.
Terminal City Wheelmen
14:37
29
! 4-
G$:OS
:1S
I.,os Angrrlesi Wheelmen
14:34 1-5
29
•M
Capltnl City Wheelmen
14:35
:5)
Oak Park Wheelmen
Ileno Wheelmen
Garden City Wheelmen
Olympic Club Wheelmen
California Cycling Club
14:35
14:36
14:34
14:39
14:41
4-5
2-5
58:03
.%S:05
M:OT
.-7:37
58:10
2-5
«
1:1
1:1
1:1
1:1
:2l
:1S
:1T
:^!
3-
:-
-5
-3
!
CLUBS—
5 Miles.
Ml
Ml
Mi
»s.
Terminal City Wheelmen
14:37
29
! 4-
G$:OS
:1S
I.,os Angrrlesi Wheelmen
14:34 1-5
29
•M
Capltnl City Wheelmen
14:35
:5)
Oak Park Wheelmen
Ileno Wheelmen
Garden City Wheelmen
Olympic Club Wheelmen
California Cycling Club
14:35
14:36
14:34
14:39
14:41
4-5
2-5
58:03
.%S:05
M:OT
.-7:37
58:10
2-5
«
1:1
1:1
1:1
1:1
:2l
:1S
:1T
:^!
3-
:-
-5
-3MISS AMY HAMLIN.
Fritz Nltze, a miner, brought his seven
weeks-old daughter In a clothes basket all
the way from Dawson City to New York,
7000 miles in all.
I.ATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
SEATTLE— Arrived Sept 9— Stmrs Ruth. Diri-
Ko and Cottage City, from Alaska.
ARRIVED.
Monday, Seotember 9.
Schr J Epplnr«T, Skipper. JO hours from
Bowens Landln— ,
NEAH BAY— Paused In S>pt !)-Stmr Elihu
Thomson, from Car* N'omp. for S>nttl».
'Paeptxl out Sept 9 — T?ktn Retriever, from Port
Hadlock, for San Franoisco.
Fishermen In Holland kill all fish as
soon as they are hvnded, while French
fishermen, on the contrary, allow them
to die of suffocation. The Dutch custom
i» the right one. because fish that are
properly killed are In beter condition tor
the table.
The RritiBher took him seriously. "Sure
for dinner, If not for lur.ch," he answered.
And accompanied by his friend, now thor
oughly alive to the humor of the Incident,
he found himself a tew minutes later in
the line of ticket buyers in the Grand
Central depot.
"An oxiurslnn ticket to San Francisco,
stopping ut Chicago station on return."
he ordered.
The ticket agent put about a quarter of
a mile of pasteboard under his stamp,
pounding It for n minute or two. thrust
it before the explorer, j and expectantly
awaited payment.
"When does the train go?" asked the
Englishman.
"In ten minutes," was the answer.
"How much Is it?"
"One hundred and thirty-eight dollars
and fifty cents."
"What?" the Englishman gasped. "How
far 1st it?"
" "Thseo thousand miles."
"Dear mo! What a country!" — Youth's
Companion,
"Harry?" queried the American, softly.
"Yes, my brother," explained the Eng
lishmen. "I've two here. Harry lives In
San Francisco and Charlie in Chicago."
"But you'll be back for dinner?" face
tiously asked the American.
Englishmen know little "of the geography
of the "States." and what little they do
know does not object to putting Philadel
phia next door to Boston, or San Fran
cisco alongside of New York. An Ameri
can and an Englishmen, who had become
friends aboard ship, had a pleasant en
counter about distance on reaching New
York.
They breakfasted together, and the fol
lowing conversation ensued:
"I guess I'll turn out. to see Harry after
breakfast," said the Englishman.
MORE THAN BARGAINED FOR.
BENEFIT FOR DESTITUTE
MOTHER AND CHILDREN
ALAMEDA. Sept. 3.— A benefit enter
tainment is to be given next Thursday
evening at the home of Mrs. J. W. Burn
ham, 1S37 Clinton avenue, corner of La
fayette street, the proceeds from which
will be turned over to Mrs. H. Hegewald
and her five children, who have been left
destitute by the desertion of the hus
band and father. The programme is to
be contributed by the best talent on this
side of the bay.
Mrs. HeceWald was deserted three
month? ago by her husband, who said he
was going to Seattle to look for work.
He formerly conducted a bakery at
Ray Station, but was forced Into bank
ruptcy by the creditors who accumulated
when he neglecte^ the business. The fam
ily Is living In a store at the corner of
Railroad avenue and Stanton street and
is dependent upon neighbors for the nec
essaries of life.
UNIVERSITY
HAPPENINGS
* , NIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA,
II BERKELEY. Sept. 9. — Monday
f I morning at 7:45 o'clock Companies
A. B. C and D of the Cadet Corps
will assemble on the unlverctty pa
rade grounds, whence they will go to
San Francisco to take part in the Admis
sion day parade. They will leave Berke
ley station at 8:20 and 8:30 a. m. Captain
Nathan Moran and Captain Ralph Fisher
have been appointed aids and Captain
Ralph Curtiss adjutant of the day.
• L. A. Womble has . been elected floor
manager of the. junior promenadtr and the
following committees have been appoint
ed:
Clans Dar— J- M. Eshleman, Russel Springer,
Miss May Jewett. ¦ Miss Lydia Oozlt r. Miss
Grace Boggs. M. K. Deutsch, R. "VV. Ritchie
and Wlnfteld Dorn."
Programme— W. A. Powell, Mlsa Lulu Rued,
Miss Pella Jackson. Mins Mabel Jarvls. P. T.
Clay. Parker Holt. "VV. W. \V. Smith and J. It.
rn 1 1 1 1 *jaiMrtDCtaffl:iiL[O£r
HOW TO KEEP COOL.
Don't sit on a hot stove.
Don't sleep betwpen blankets.
Don't hurry. Send the office boy,
Don't look at the ice bill. Think ot the
Ice.
Don't look at the sun. Have It moved
if it blocks the way.
Don't worry — and don't worry because
you can't help worrying.
Don't talk politics— the other feliow is
a heat-producing fool, anyway.
Don't drink hot Scotches or Tom and
Jerrys or hot rum punches.
Don't get excited. If your dog Is brini^
whipped, look at the thermometer ano
resign yoursplf to hi3 fate.
Don't try to settle the Philippine ques
tion. The other fellow is just as imn-h of
an antl-be-convinced as you are.—Balti
more American.
ON THE QUICKSAND.
The Boy Explorer, who had just dragfred
himself from the quaking bog of 16 to 1
which had failed to sustain his high hopej
as to Its stability, stood looking longingly
at the smooth expanse of quicksand near
by, labeled "anti-imperialism."
"There's the firm footing I've been. look-
Ing for." he said, and stepped confidently
en Its deceptive surface.
The quicksand gup~d to receive him an I
the November winds smoother} lj» sur
face, hut left no telltale tracks.—Philadel
phia Press.
OAKLAND, Sept. 9.— Miss Jean Hop
per, daughter of Mme. Lefevrc
Hopper, has returned from a pro
longed visit abroad. Much of the
time Miss Hopper was in Paris pur
suing studies In art and music, accom
plishments in which she is particularly
interested. Miss Hopper is to be the guest
at several receptions in honor of her re
turn. She Is popular In society circles
and has taken an active part in much of
the entertaining in Oakland.
Mrs. T. A. Crellin v.ns the hostess at a
very pretty luncheon last Friday after
noon, given in honor of Mrs. E. W. Crel
lin. The toble was artistically decorated
with autumn leaves. The ladies present
were: Mrs. Albert Sutton, Mrs. Doran of
Calallna, Mrs. J. G. Allen, Mrs. Frederick
Hathaway. Mrs. Robert Knight, Mrs.
Horry Meek, Mrs. Will Meek. Mrs. E. B.
Stone. Mrs. John L. Howard, Mrs. Her
bert llolman, Miss Laura Crellin and Mrs.
N. A. Acker.
Mrs. J. Ixiwenberg of San Francisco
entertained eleven of her young friends
at luncheon last Friday afternoon at the
Piedmont Club house.
A council of Jewish women has been
formed in Oakland with a membership
of thirty-five. They held their first meet-
Ing August 30 and elected the following
officers: President. Mrs. M. Marcusn; vice
president. Miss Lizzie Jacobs; correspond
ing secretary, Miss Cohen; financial sec
relaryt Mrs. Kierske; treasurer, Mrs.
Alexander; directors— Mrs. Newman, Mrs.
B. Goldberg, Mrs. Schwartz, Mrs. A.
Jacobs.
A calendar tea will bo given October 12
by the ladies of the Fablola Hospital at
the residence of Mrs. E. M. Herrick, on
Prospect Heights.
The engagement of Miss Maud Ells
worth Greene, daughter of Judge W. E.
Greene, to Juan B. R. Cooper, son of the
late J. B. H. Cooper of S»m Frajicisco and
Monterey, has been announced.
The wedding of Daisy Muriel Pollard
and Rollln G. Eckls will take place Sep
tember 18 at the residence of the bride's
mother. Mrs. Nettie Laymance, at 180
Eighth street.
The engagement Is announced of Miss
Lillle Cohen of Oakland and Theodore J.
Gosliner of San Francisco.
The engagement Is announced of Miss
Rena Marvin, daughter of Mrs. Emma
Marvin of East Oakland, and Arthur C
Evans, who is connected with the tir-n of
Getz Bros, of San Francisco. The wed
ding will take place early In December.
Louis Warnecke has returned from a
trip to the Paris Exposition and to Ger
many. _ ,
of Conkllng. This choice was accepted
with great reluctance by a large portion
of the party, who regarded it as a sur
render to the most undesirable of the
party tendencies. Their forebodings
were, however, happily disappointed by
the judicious and successful conduct of
affairs during Mr. Arthur's unexpected
occupancy of the Presidential chair. -
Growth of Reform Sentiment.
The breach In the dominant party was
not healed, but was rather widened by
certain appointments of President Gar
fleld. Both the New Tork Senators re
signed their seats when they were refu3ed
the privilege of dictating the choice of a
customs collector for the port of Xew
York, and an acrimonious factional quar
rel embittered Oarfteld's brief Incum
bency. He fell by the hands of a disap
pointed and revengeful office - seeker
in July, 1SS1, and died the following Sep
tember.
This tragrlc Illustration or the evil ten
dency of the spoils system of dispensing
government patronage effectually con
vinced all parties and all classes of the
Imperative need of a different method of
determlnlns appointments to office.
The "star route" scandals which cams
to light In 1SS1 still further emphasized
the disgraceful state of the government
service. The star routes (so called be
cause marked In the catalogue with an
asterisk) were stage lines over which
mails were distributed In the West. Five
million dollars was annually appropriated
bv the postofftce department for the ser
vice of these lines, while It was said
that over some of them not more than
three letters a week were carried. It
came out in the Investigation of 1SS1 that
a deliberate plot waa devised by postal
officials between 1ST3 and 1880 for In
creasing the amount of apparent service
and the cost for certain of these lines,
leaving a deficit for the others which
Congress was called to meet. The money
of which the Government was defrauded
went Into the pockets of the conspirators.
The trial of the case exposed all the un
savory details to the Intense disgust of
the whole nation.
In January. 1383, a civil service reform
bill drawn by a Democratic Senator —
Pendleton of Ohio— passed by a Demo
cratic Senate and a Republican IIou3e,
and promptly approved by the Republi
can President, became a law and was at
once carried Into effect. It gave author
ity to the President to constitute a civil
service commission by which the reform
nhould be developed and to order appoint
ments to be made by competitive examin
ation. JESSE aIACY.
Iowa College.
CHANG LI IS
UNDER ARREST
NEW YORK, Sept.
10. — Adispatch to the
Tribune from London
says :
Chang Li, comman
der of Peking, who is
responsible for the
murder of the Ger
man Minister, has
been arrested and is
confined under Ger
man jurisdiction.
Livermore Valley Growers
Satisfied With Year's
Output
BIG YIELD OF
GRAPES AND A
GOOD MARKET
The Quality of the Fruit Insures
Good Results From This Sea
son's Pressing of the
Crop.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway. Sept. 9.
Harvesting of the grape crop of L,iver
more Valley has commenced. There will
be no loss from lack of. pickers. Grow
ers are satisfied that there will be suf
ficient labor to gather the yield.
Reports from the valley Indicate a good
yield and excellent quality, Insuring to
vineyardists a superior vintage. Prices
arc ranging from $16 to $30 a ton. The
bulk of the buying is at the former fig
ure. Several choice lots have been taken
at the higher quotation.
In a review of the situation the Liver
more Herald says:
"Th«» season nas been a peculiar one.
The heavy frosts late in April and the
dry winter were thought for a time to
have completely destroyed the crop, and
the growers were despondent until a phe
nomenal storm in May revived the droop
ing vines and : tarted the new wood and
blossoms. In midsummer the prospects
were again in a fair way to be blighted
by a succession of hot days, wblch
ithreatened to destroy what grapes re
mained. A long spell of cold, damn
weather followed, and the crop was saved.
The grapes are large, firm and juicy, and
the percentage of sugar is all that could
be asked."
The California Wine Association has re
newed wine-making for the first time In
two years. It is estimated that the
grape yield of the valley will be one
third greater than last year.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Sept. 9.
Henry A. Chittenden, a journalist of
note and the man who -secured for this
city the $50,000 Carnegie Free Public Li
brary, died this morning at 5 o'clock at
his residence, 1529 Spring street, Berke
lev. His illness had been of many months'
duration, and became serious during the
last thirty days. Death was caused by
a tubercular affecti6n of the throat.
After many years of active service In
prominent Eastern newspaper offices Mr.
Chittenden was compelled, in 1S97, to
come to California because of 111 health.
He continued, however. In his journal
istic labors, and it was while so engaged
in this city that he conceived the plan
to secure a free public library building
for his new home. Having had close
personal relations with Andrew Carnegie,
Mr. Chittenden successfully presented to
the Pennsylvania steel magnate Oak
land's needs In that direction. The re
sult of the correspondence was the dona
tion of $50,000, which has made possible
the structure which is now in course of
erection.
Mr. Chittenden was a type of the jour
nalist of the New York Herald school,
with which, after years of previous actlv
itv, he was identified in various capaci
ties for a number of years. He was born
April 11, 1S4R, at Hartford, Conn. His
father was a prominent abolitionist and
a leading New York wholesale dry goods
merchant. At the age of 17 years the
young man entered Yale University, from
which he was graduated in 1S67.
From college he went almost Immedi
ately into newspaper work, beginning his
successful career, with the Brooklyn (N
Y.) Daily Union, a patriotic journal
founded by his uncle. S. B. Chittenden,
during the civil war. For two years he
waa Its editor, associated with Edward
Cary, editor-in-chief.
Mr. Chittenden took a course under Pro
fessor Theodore Dwight at Columbia Law
School, and was admitted to practice be
fore the Supreme Court of New York.
H-> then went to the New Tork Standard,
under John Russell Young, serving as re
porter, then nifht editor, then editorial
writer. Later he went to Milwaukee,
where : he acquired an Interest In the
Journal of Commerce, which, under his
management, became a political daily—
Cf mmerclal Time?. For five years, with
his brother. Daniel Oano Chittenden. he
conducted a campaign which left its im
press upon the city. Later the. Times
was merged into the News, which news
paper the Chittendens sold to Robertson
James, a brother of the novelist. Henry
James. Then Mr. Chittenden returned to
his father's home in New Jersey for rest.
A year later' he was called by James
Gordon Bennett to become editor of the
New York Evening Telegram. Fifteen
yrars Mr. Chittenden spent In the Ben
nett service, several of which he occu
pied in various departments on the New
York Herald. One of his achievements
was to win a first prize of $500 offe»ed by
Bennett for the most acceptable ed
itorial paragraphs written by ITeraM re
porter" during a nori^-i of «lx months.
Coming to California with his family,
Mr. Chlttennen made his home In Oak
land until two months ago. when he re
moved to Berkeley. He engaged In ed
itorial work in San Francisco and on the
Oakland Tribune. While on the latter
paper he carried out the free library en
terprise.
Mr. Chittenden. in 1SSS. married Mrs».
Alice Westervelt Goldsmith, a prominent
New York • newspaper and magazine
writer. A sonvOnnn "VVestervelt Chitten
den.- was born in 1 '°0.
The funeral will be held Tuesday from
the .family residence., and will be strictly
private. ¦, -»
Secured the Donation From Andrew
Carnegie of $50,000 for the
New Public Library at
Oakland.
Henry* A. Chittenden Passes
Away at His Home in
Berkeley.
JOURNALIST OF
NOTE IS CALLED
TO HIS REWARD
tlement and the South might bend her en
ergies to the weary task of effacing the
sorrowful records of the hitter conflict.
That all is not yet accomplished even
after the lapse of a quarter of a century
of labor should not surprise us when we
recall the long years of growing estrange
ment and the stupendous struggle with its
fearful cost in blood and treisure.
A century of national life had now
passed. Many a problem had been settled.
A stable, tried, perfected government com
manded the loyal regard of the whole peo
ple. Peace and brotherhood dominated the
opening of the new era. Old things were
passed away; behold, all things were be
, come new.
Resumption.
As the Southern question gradually lost
prominence matters directly affecting the
welfare of every part of the lacd came to
the front.
The constitutionality of the legal-tender
p?.per currency created by the Govern
ment in the stress of war had been dis
puted from the beginning and had been
denied by a decision of the Supreme Court
in 18fiD. But the appointment of two new
Justices the following year led to a re
versal of judicial opinion and the paper
currency was pronounced constitutional.
Nevertheless, the business wisdom of the
country demanded a return to specie pay
ments and the Republicans became com
mitted to a policy of speedy resumption
by an act passed in 1^..>. which set the 1st
of January. 1ST!), for beginning the re
demption in coin of the legal-tender notes.
The return to specie payments was op
posed by a party calling itself the Inde
pendent National Party, but popularly
known as the Oreenbackers or the Green
back party. The Greenhackers held their
first convention in ISTfi. and nominated
Peter Cooper for President, and they also
put forth tickets in the two or three suc
ceeding, campaigns. They advocated a
permanent irredeemable paper currency.
Since 1S6S the Democrats have shown a
leaning toward a financial policy similar
to that of the Greenbackers. They have
looked askance upon Republican projects
for resumption of specie payments, and
In later years have been Inclined to favor
one form or another of "soft money" as
against the "hard money" to which Re
publicans have inclined. The second Con
gress of Hayes' administration contained
Democratic majorities In both branches,
but the party waa not sufficiently com
pact and united to take effective ad
vantage of Its nominal ascendency, and
the return to specie payments was quietly
accomplished at the appointed time.
The Sliver Question.
The proposed return to a specie basts
raised the question as to the metal In
which payment should be made. At that
time the United States had only subsid
iary silver coins In circulation, and -was
coining no - other?. An act of 1873 defi
nitely omitted the silver dollar from the
list of United States coins, continuing
only the subsidiary coinage, which was
legal tender for small debts. This "de
monetization" of the silver dollar waa
followed by a great depreciation In the
value of silver as compared with gold, al
though that decline was caused rather by
certain acts of European Governments
than by the American coinage law. Tn«
silver mining Interests of the United
States were Injuriously affected, and the
withdrawal of the silver dollar came to be
regarded by a large proportion of the ag
ricultural and mining population of the
South and West as a grievance of the
first rank. Hence arose a movement,
which soon gathered great force, for th«
"remonetizatlon" of the sliver dollar with
full legal tender value, which. It was be
lieved, would supply that abundance of
"cheap money" regarded by the "Silver
party" as necessary to the national pros
perity. This tended to array what were
BERKELEY. Sept. 9. - Miss Amy
Hamlln. a graduate of the Uni
versity of California with the class
of 1S99 and a well-known society
young lady on this side of the bay, is
playing a leading role in "The (Jreat
Ruby" in New York City. Miss Hamlin
left for the Kast about a month ago,
and owing to her unusual talent soon be
came a member of the American Stock
Company.
Miss Hamlin has taken many parts in
amateur theatricals. Tho stage has al
ways held a gnat fascination for her,
and her talent was early displayed. Sh-j
took part in "A Russian Honeymoon,"
the graduating play of the class of '94
of the Herkeley High School. She played
in "A Box of Monkeys," given by the
Fniversity Dramatic Club, and carried a
leading part in the junior farce of '98.
->!i.=s Hamlin Is the daughter of Mr. and
Mrs. M. C. Hamlin of ifCf. Haste street.
She Is a handsome girl, with an immense
wealth of auburn hair. Her departure
for the East was« made very quietly, and
but few of her friends knew of her real
intentions.
REV. STEPHEN INNES TO
TAKE ST. MARY'S PASTORATE
Young Priest "Will Take the Place
Vacated by Rector Bartlett's
De»th.
The Rev. Stephen Innes of New York
City tn to take over the rectorship of the
Church of St. Mary the Virgin, the pas
torate recently made vacant by the tragic
death of the Rev. Father Hartlett, who
was drowned while bathing in Sonoma
County.
The Rev. Mr. Tnnes is an exceptionally
young man to assume charge of such a
large congregation, but his colleagues
have every confidence in his ability.
The young priest is a graduate of the
University of Pennsylvania, where he
was ratrd an exceptionally brilliant man.
In coming to St. Marys the Rev. Mr.
Innes asscmes his lirst regular active
work in the church- His sermons are
considerrd masterpieces, and an excellent
voice and thorough knowledge of elocu
; lion add to the value of Father Innes In
the pulpit.
MORE MONEY NEEDED
TO RUN BERKELEY
BERKELEY. Sept. 9.-The Town Trus
tees met last evening to consider the
parsing of an ordinance for an increased
tax levy.
The following estimates were made of
the amount of monev needed annually
over the present income: Paid Fire De
partment. $G720; electric lights, $3!»€2-
Street Department. J1700. Total. J15.4S2.
The nresent total income of the town
is about $4').<»0 and this sum the Trustees
wish to increase to JTO.500.
Action was deferred until a later date.
Landlady Swindled.
BERKKLEV. Sept. J».— A middle-aged
woman giving her name aa Mrs. Moore
is wanted hy Town Marshal Lloyd for
several swindling schemes. Mrs Moore
secured a room in a boarding-house at
222f> Chapel street, conducted by Mrs. M
C Taber. and not only left without pay-
Ing, but took with her a $50 Afghan set
tee covering. Hefore departing she or
dered several dollars' worth of drugs from
a local drug Htore in Mrs. Taber's name.
After securing the -onds she disappeared.
¦ ? ¦
FARGO. N. !>.. Sept. 9.— Frank Carmody was
arrested here laft nltrht; charced with blowing
up the safe of the Mexican Klertrlc Company
In the City of Mexico. March 2t. securing Jlft.
<w> Carmody has been working here tlnce
Mar.
¦ ¦ ? »
• It i* a noteworthy fact that In the State
of Utah there its not one Irish Mormon.
Prohibition Candidate for
President Speaks in
Oakland.
LIQUOR TRAFFIC
SCORED BY HON,
JOHN G. WOOLLEY
Says Present Conditions Will Exist
• Until Spirituality Enters Into
the Politics of the
Nation.
Oakland Office Pan Francisco Call,
HIS Broadway, Sept. 9.
John G. Woolley. the nominee of the
Prohibition party for President of .-.e
United Stales, delivered a.n address this
afternoon in :he Exposition building on
"Cbrinian Citizenship.*; The meeting was
held under the auspices of the I'rohibi
tior.ist? of Alameda County. Rev. E. R.
r»i!Je acted as chairman and introduced
Mr. Woolley as a worthy successor of
Genera) NeaJ Dow. the "Prince Rupert
of the Prohibition party."
Mr. Woolley took for his theme the need
? of preater spirituality in politics. He
pointed out the alleged defects of the
present preat political parties and held up
the Prohibition party as the preat organi
sation to which the nation must look for
preservation. He said:
"Altho^c:-. ns a nation we are brave.
chivalrous, generous ana immensely rich
we stand to-day dumfnunded, trucculent.
even whimp« rir.j;. before the meanest
thing that exists — the organized liquor
tragic. We are allowing it to condemn
eur homes, our mothers, our wives an<l
our children with hardly a murmur of re
eentment. Our flag tual laughs in deri
eion at the enemy's chips of battle or
mine-strewn harbors and is everywhere
o:i earth a plory to our name, collapses
like a. dishrajr whenever the lkjuor traffic
tightens its bloody mandibles about us.
**\\> are unable to remedy this state of
affairs uniier the fexist:iig political condi
tions in whifh spirituality plays no part
ar<5 money i* kind. We need to clarify
the common idea of what we call govern
ment and make man realize that he must
deal with something besides temporal af
fairs. The thesis of creation is. 'Iy>t us
make man. not money.' True government
c.-j>en<i£ upon the hoicht of its ideal:
%'hat it suggests to man and what it
it-aches him.
"We are row on the verpe of a Kreat
political earthquake, fuee to fare with the
greatest iscne that has ever presented
Itself to the American people, and the
Prohibition party is the only political
party that is capable of dealing with the
problem— that is crushing «f the liquor
traffic.
"The Prohibition party !<= on the firing
line of new politic? and will ficht for its
rrincipl". which declare? thnt jxilitics shall
rot demand the sale of a Christian man's
cfinprlcnc*."
Mi'fio was ror.fl'Twi by a quartet rom
noVe.i of J. M. Robins*. n, W. \V. Davis.
Min Mnhcl Gray and Mrs. A. A. Dew
lr.sr.
OAKLAND PRESBYTERY
TO DISCUSS REVISION
OAKLAND. Sept S.-The Presbytrry of
Oakland will meet to-morrow evening at
Cnion-Ftr^et PreafcytfriaB Churrh, and a
B^ssion will 1)" held Tuesday. The most
Important matter for consideration Is the
proposed change of the "Westminster
Confession of KaJth." At the last Gen
eral Asf-mbly of the Presbyterian Church
Of America the decision was made that
each Presbytery in the United States
6hou!d vote upon Ihe question of revision
during th<> interim before the next Gen
eral Aspeml)Jy. In accordance with that
direction, the subject has been taken up
by the Oakland Presbytery. The promi
nent numbers of the Presbytery are ex
pected to be present. From a theological
point of view the jiessions, it is predicted,
will be very imifjrtant.
To Present Badge to Striker.
BERKELEY. Sent. 'J. — Citizens held a
m^rtinfir last ovoning In the North Berke
ley Qrebouse to uphold Deputy Sheriff
John Striker's action in tl.e recent fatal
trouble at San I/orenzo. A committee,
consisting ft H. H. Waste, E. J. Martin
>bj r ¦* <Jcorp»- Srhmlrtt. waf appointed to K«»t
w pold star for Striker to take the place
Dl the ',ne^ie lost in the fight and asa
token of the appreciation of his worth.
Th«- m«»' ! injr waj? rsllcd to order hy
William indtafT hji«J Epeeebea w*»r<» madV*
by W. H. If. Gentry. A. L. <yit. Robert
GrrfKS. W. H. Waste, C. H. Lord and E.
J. .Martin. Resolution* were nnssed ex
pressing confidence in Striker as an of-
Ticer and a citizen.
COLLEGE GIRL
ON THE STAGE
RETURNS FROM
TRIP TO PARIS
with them the remembrance of one of
the happiest of the many happy reunions
they have held. W. A. Gett. Clarence M.
Hunt and 1^. Clav. sons of "Humboldt
ers," were present, also Mrs. C. M. Hunt.
Perkins in Place of Gage.
Governor Gage having declined to re
sponu to the Mayor's address of welcome
to be delivered at the literary exercises
to-night on the ground that he did not
care to speak on the same platform the
same nifjht with James D. Phelan. the
committee has selected Senator George
C. Perkins to respond.
Concerts Delighted Thousands.
The band concerts along Market street
attracted crowd? that made the way al
most impassable last night. The selec
tions played by • 'asassa's band on the
platform in front of the Claus Spreckels
building on Market street, near Third.
was the cause of much enthusiasm.
The Native Sons' band, at Market and
Fifth streets, ca:ne in for a large share
of attention, and played to large and
appreciative audiences, who reluctantly
dispersed when "Home, Sweet Home"
w"? rendered.
The member? of "Quartz. Hydraulic and
Donner parlors, all from Nevada County,
Nevada County Parlors.
Genera] Wlnn. 43 Sixth street.
Golden Gate. B'nal B'rith Hall.
Glen Kllen 102. Windsor Hotel.
Halcyon 14G. Alcazar building.
Hesperian 137. Market and Tenth.
Hydraulic 56. California Hotel.
La Kstrella, N. D. G. W,. Palace
Hotel, room 1000.
La Bandcro 110. N. D. G. W., Lick
House.
Los EanoB, Rua? HotiFe.
I>os Osos 61, N. S. G. W. building.
Marysvllle, Grand Hotel.
Mission 3S. W< O'Farrell street.
Mount Tamalpais, Grand Hotel.
Napa 02, Leepalmer, Mason and
O'Farrell.
National lis. Techau Tavern.
Niantic 105, N. S. G. W\ building.
Nicasio. Grand Hotel.
Oakland 50. N. S. G. W. building.
Observatory 117, Hotel Langham,
Kills and Ma?on.
Pacific 10. Odd Fellows' Hall.
Palo Alto 82, Hotel Langham, Ellis
and Mason. -
t
Precita 187, Mozart Hall.
Presidio 104, 102 O'Farrell.
Quartz 5S, California Hotel.
Rainbow, Grand Hotel.
Ramona 109, Grand Hotel.
Rincon 72, Pythian Castle.
Sacramento 2, 323 Turk street.
Pan Jose 12, Hotel Langham, Ellis
and Mason.
Santa Rosa 2S. Windsor Hotel.
Sequoia ieo. Saratoga Hall. \
Sonoma 111. Windsor Hotel.
Sotoyome fi8, Windsor Hotel.
Stanford 76. Golden Gate Hall.
St. Helena, Lceualmcr, Mason and
O'Farrell.
Sunset 2*5, Lick House.
Stockton, strainer Corcoran, Wash
ington-street dock.
Vallejo, I^eepalmer, Mason and
O'Farrell.
Visalia 19. California Hotel.
WaUonvllie C5. 2CT O'Farrell.
Woodland 30, St. Nicholas Hotel.
Yerba Buena M, Palace Hotel.
Yosemite 24. Russ House.
will hold a reception from 2 to 7 o'clock
in the California Hotel this afternoon and
evening.
Judge Cabaniss' Patriotism.
Judge Cabaniss has proved his claim to
being a loyal native son. Just as the
9th of September came into history
he became the father of a new native son,
and he spent all of yesterday in telling
the parlors about it. Ills own parlor. Pa
cific, is figuring on a proper recognition
I of his evident Interest in increasing- its
membership.
Butte's Open House.
Argonaut Parlor No. S of Oroville, Chico
Parlor No. 21. Marysville Parlor No. 6 and
Rainbow Parlor No. 10 of Whcatland kept
"open house" in their headquarters on the
I first floor of the Grand Hotel yesterday.
I Jake Marcuse, past president of the par
! lor. carried ice cream to the ladies with a
grace inborn, and the recipients of the
refrigerator's product declared him unan
imously to bo the "Cutest ever." J. E.
I Lewis, first vice president of the Butte
j County parlors, passed out packages or
I grapes and overgrown apples to the vis
itors. Archie. Wall held court in
a secluded spot, but many found their
way to hi? "emporium," In which an Ice
box was* the principal piece of furniture.
The Butte County parlors pave a sacred
HEADQT'ARTERS of Califor
nia Parlor No. 1, Palace Ho
tel.
Alameda 47, 32 O'Farrell
street.
Alcalde 134, 1136 Market
Alcatras 145, Union Square Hall.
A Ha. N. D. G. W.. N. S. G. O. W.
liuildinar.
Army and Navy 207. I. O. O. F. btiiJd
inR.
Haker Pnrlor. LanRham Hotel.
Bay City 1"4. N. *>• O. W. building.
V,ear Flasr Ti . Windsor Hotel.
Brooklyn 151. Grand Hotel.
Cliico. Grand Hotel.
t'nhila 22, N. D. G. W.. Lick House.
Altamont 1'57. Windsor Hotel.
Calistoga Parlor, basement Ix>e
palmf-r. Ma.-on ami O'Farrell streets.
Carquinez. 43 Sixth street.
Dolores 20$, Fire Commissioners'
office. City Hall.
EJ Dorado :>2. Red Men's Hall.
Fresno 25, l.ick House.
tend with, the committee made a special
rwommerwiation on that account.
The committee was composed of Paris
Kilburn, P. J. Uarney. Rudolph HeroldJ
Jr.. Harbor Commissioners, and Percy I*.
Henderson, chief wharfinger.
The decision of the committee was that
the Emily Hood should be awarded a
epedal bwir Dae and a J75 cash prize
The British bark Molaimpe pets 'the
Br«t prize— $*i nnd a bear Jla«. The Ger
man Khtp J. \v. Wendt B ets the second
prtze-fr.0 and a !>oar flap. The American
bark Amy Turner get* the third prize—
SS 1 and a. boar flap.
Stockton Parlor Arrives.
Stockton Parlor No. 7 N S <l \V and
BequoU Parlor. N. 1). Q. W., arrived from
Stork ton las; night at 7 o'clock on tht
•t*>axn<-r H. J. <"orooran. which has ne^n
chartered for the celebration. The party
comprtB^d 3D0. Including 20U members (torn
Btoclcton Parlor and fifty from Sequoia.
lately upon ihHr arrival the mem
" - '.rrred in marching; order ami. bead
by the Hupsar Hand, marched to the
Talace Hotel, where formal respects were
tid to the committee and grand marshal:
headquarters o f t | ie tWo ,, a r!ors will
f M:i»<!jsh*>.'l on the steamer. The pro
pramme includes a reception from 3 to *'<
o'clock th'.s afternoon. The committees
ohaxrc are as follows
Chairman. F. A. Krk*trr>m. rr^ident "f
Ptockton Parlor. Kitpoutivp anil Finance — F.
TV. Wurster. Otto Gruns-ky, A. Turner. W.
»umiHer. F. A. Eckvth m. Transom tion—
G. E. Catta, J. M. Perrv. O. K. Koppltx. Pa
rade ar.d Feature*— »*. E. Manthry, \V. H.
Kno»i«. F. \V. Wurstir. C. Ohtis. O. Grunsky.
W. C. Neumiller. Head<iuarter«— H. It. Mr-
Noble. F. Lieplngor W. K. O'Connor. Music—
W. Neumiller. J. Perry H. A. K.-id. Fund*—
V. <<Cor.nor \V. KrvwUs. <">. von I>«-tlen.
riintinp and Publicity— W. O'Connor, J. M.
ivrry, O. vr.n r>«t<-n. Reception— V. Wnntoi
W. Knowles, W. O'Connor, T. I^'Kin^er. \V.
C. Keumiiler an.! Otto Gruiuky have charge of
the boat on behalf at thi» parlor.
The lirst care <-f the parlor was to
inarch up Market Btreet t<> the general
headTjanors. where the band st-renaded
Grand Marshal Costello.
Japanese Fireworks.
One of the rr.osi unique features of the
day's celebration at the Park was the dis
play of daylight liroworks given by M.
Harfwara of the Japanese Gardens in
honor of the d« delation of the new music
stand. The handsome pieces a-s they ex
ploded in the h< •¦'v-ns and crew into fan
tastic shapes ai"* *>cts amused the vast
populace ar.d could be seen for miles
fir :::&.
The fireworks were especially manufac
tured by M. Hagiwara for the occasion.
They wore pent skyward from the mouths
of bamboo cannons placed in i»osiiion just
south of the garden. The projjramme in
cluded imitations of thunder, raining in
Filver and cold, crystal heaven, swallows
•n yellow clouds, dark clouds. Illy in yel
low clouds, national flags of all powers,
elv^s and animals, wild geest", umbrella in
chape "f a water lily opening, flowers and
called the "moneyed Interests'* of the
East— represented more especially by the
bankers and "money kings" of Wall
street, who resisted the restoration of
the silver dollar— against the producing
classes of the West.
The "Bland-Allison silver bill." brought
forward by Bland of Missouri, was passed
by large majorities through a Democratic
House and a Republican Senate over th*
President's veto In 1S7S. It provided for
the coinage of a silver dollar of 412^
grains, which should be a legal tender
for all debts. As first Introduced the bill
provided for free and unlimited coinage.
An amendment, however, was Introduced
before the passage of the act which re
moved the provision for free coinage ami
required the mints to purchase bullion
at the market price and to coin the new
dollars at the rate of not less than 2.00O,-
Of*) nor more than 4.000,000 a month. The
disastrous effects of the Bland law upon
the credit of the nation, which were pre
dicted by experienced financiers, -were
held In check by this amendment re
stricting the amount of the coinage and
placing the whole matter In the hands of
the Government. Gold and silver con
tinued to circulate upon equal terms.
Much political agitation since then has
raged around that restriction, and a
strong demand has been made for th«
absolutely free and unlimited colnaga of
silver.
Republican Dissensions.
The failure of the third-term movement
In 1S76 did not kill It. and representatives
of the "Grant dynasty" made actlva
preparations for a return to power in
1SS0. under the plausible plea that a re
election of Grant, after a lapse of a four
year term, would not be, In its technical
ami objectionable aense, election to a
third term. Conkllng of New York waa
the leader of the enterprise, which many
regarded as a formidable attempt to re
store the spoils system to Its former su
premacy In the Republican party. Presi
dent Hayes, while cordially favoring a
reform of the civil service, had not had
the effective support of Congress, and
abuses of a flagrant character had con
tinued to sully the record of Republican
rule. The sentiment In favor of legal
regulation of the patronage of the Gov
ernment grew stronger within and with
out the party.
Meanwhile Republican dissensions
waxed bitter as the election of 1SS0 drew
near. Ulaine waa again the choice of a
strong element In the party, but In the
convention, which met In Chicago In
June. Grant led all other candidates in
every one of the thirty-six ballots taken
until the last. Blaine standing second,
until the last, when most of his support
ers went over to Garfleld. along with
those who had favored Krtmunds. Sher
man, "Washburne or Wlndon. The Grant
phalanx remained unbroken and met their
defeat with a sullen obstinacy which
augured ill for party union. To placate,
them the Vice Presidency was given to
Arthur of New York on the nomination
* ; -«»
by Seymour Eaton.
End of Carpet-Bag Government
With the inauguration of Hayes and
Wheeler the l T nited States entered upon a
new period of growth and development,
under normal conditions. The unnatural
relations between the Federal Government
and the Southern States which had sub
sisted from the close of the war were
brought to an end and the States were
left to adjust themselves in their own
ways to the changes introduced by the
war. President Hayes Immediately with
drew military support from the Republi
can governments of South Carolina and
Louisiana and recommended their Govern
ors to -resign. They did so. and the dis
crediu-d "carpet-bag" rule in the South
thus came to a final end. Democratic pov
crnments were at once set up under white
supremacy. A similar change toolc place
In Florida through decisions of the courts,
and the "Solid South" arose to confront
the so long triumphant Republican party.
The prompt rise of the Democratic pa*-ty
to power in the South which followed the
removal of the Federal troops took place
without disturbance. The whole country
was weary of the excessive prolongation
of sectional strife. There was a general
; disposition to let the whole matter drop
out of sight, leaving to the various States
1 the adjustment of their own internal dlf
; ficulties, while the attention of the nation
might be turned to the many subjects of
general importance which demanded set-
Copyright, 1900,
Continued From Page Two.
WHERE THE NATIVES
KEEP OPEN HOUSE
loaves and figure? of the new music stand.
Park Museum, Park Commissioners' ottice
and dragoons in live different colors.
While the display of lirrworks was in
progress Haglwara entertained n number
of his friends at a lunch served in true
Japanese fashion. Among the prominent
members of tlm Jnpaneso colony present
were L. Maveki F. T. Kuranaga. A. S.
Ohate. H. Kobayashi and K. I. Okada.
Humboldt Passengeis Banqueted.
The Sunday Call of September 2 con
tained an account of Collis P. Hunting
ton's arrival in California September 1,
1S13, on the ship Humboldt. There were
2fi5 passengers in all. inciuriing four
ladies. Of the latter but one survives,
Mrs Julia N. Gordon of this city. The
others are J. B. Lewis of IVtaluma. L. D.
Van Den Berg of Sacramento, V. R.
Raymond of Oakland and James E. Gor
don of this city, all of whom were pres
ent Saturday afternoon at the Lick
House, to celebrate the fifty-first anniver
sary of thoir arrival by a banquet. On
this occasion they wore the guests of
Mrs. William A. Oett of Sacramento,
Grand President of the Native Daugh
l ters of the Golden West, whose father
1 was one of the Humboldt passengers.
i She did the honors in a most charming
' manner. Those present will carry away
concert last night ana will keep open
house for the remainder of the celebra
tion, concluding with - grand ball on
Tuesday night.
Out at Odd Fellows' building the
memorial hall was packed with visiting
delegations and members of the Army an-J
Navy Parlor. Frank iJrady saw that
everyone enjoyed himself to the fullest,
and was ably seconded in his hospitable
task by H. N. Brace, H. F. McGurren.
Felix Carr. P. L. Badt, C. E. Deitrick and
E. D. Crowley. Over 300 guests were en
tertained by the parser during the after
noon and all went their way rejoicing.
The parlor gave n sacreu concert last
night, and will conclude their celebration
with a grand ball, an invitational affj>'r.
on Tuesday night. This parlor entertains
Calaveras Parlor, N. G. D. ¦ "W., the lat
ter's reception committee consisting of the
following named: Lulu Franck, presi
dent: Jennie Reid. May Stultz. Emma
Stultz, Josephine Buddy and Maud dul
ler. . ,
National's Home.
Techau Tavern Auditorium, headquar
ters of National Parlor Xo. IIS of San
Francisco, presented a beautiful appear
ance yesterday afternoon, when Native
Sons and Daughters and visitors of all
sorts filled the hall to listen to a fine con
cert of sacred music. Among the soloists
were William Ogilvie and Miss M. Lahl,
whose songs received a big reception.
The National orchestra, under the baton
of William Cellarius, played for dancing
throughout the* afternoon, on a .-<taiie
planted thickly with graceful redwoods.
among whose branches Incandescents of
different colors gleamed softly. This par
lor will give, an invitation ball on Tues
day night, and will keep "open house" to
day and to-morrow, with the following
welcomers: H. P. Nunan, H. F. Lilken
day. W. K. McCreery and F. P. Wahe.
This parlor prides Itself on its unique
decorations and electrical ejects, which
were installed by the members.
Alcatraz Parlor No. 145 entertained its
guests with a sacred concert In Union
square Hall yesterday afternoon and with
an Informal reception and dance last
night. In rommon with the other parlors
Alcatraz will spend its greatest exertions
on the grand ball of Tuesday night, keep
ing "open house" to-day and to-morrow.
Alameda Par!or No. 47. N. S. G. AW, as
sisted by Alameda Parlor No. 18, N. D.
G \V., gave an at home last night in its
rooms in the Shiels building, 32 O'Farrell
street. An excellent programme of spe
cialties was rendered and refreshments
were served. . So many friends of the two
parlors nought admission that the two
flights of stairs became blocked and it
was necessary to turn people away at the
street entrance.
The decorations of the Alameda Parlor
headquarters has attracted much favor
able comment. The stairways are lined
with palms and bunttng, arranged to
product' a most artistic effect.
Alameda Parlor will hold a reception
this afternoon and evening, with dancing
this evening and again to-morrow evening
with dancing.
THE NEW ERA IN AMERICAN POLITICS.
PARLORS OPEN FOR ENTERTAINMENT
OF FRIEND AND STRANGER ALIKE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, ¦ MONDAY, -SEPTEMBER 10, 1900.
JAMES A. GARFIELD.
R. P. BLAND.
MISS JEAN HOPPER
XXI.
THE CALL'S
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
9THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 10, 1900.
10
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Frand-oo
Cull, corr-er cf Market and Third street*, open
t»_t!I 12 o'clock every nlfht !n the year.
BRANCH OFT"ICE3— E27 Montgomery street,
ermer Clay; open wr.tfl 9:30 p. m.
rro Hayes etreet: open ur.tll S:SO p. m.
f» McAllister etreet; open ur.tll 9:30 p. m.
*15 L*rkin rtreet; op*n until 9:S0 p. nu
Jim Scission street: open until 10 p. in.
rrei Market etreet corner Sixteenth; open
crtll S p- m.
:« r_<ver.th street: open until » p. ra.
1<#6 Valencia ftreet: open until 9 p. m.
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
f_ cky ftreets; cr*n until 8 p. m.
MEETING NOTICES.
VETERAN Volunteer Firemen will y«J|*^c
ipsemble at headqunters MON-
DAY, Sert 10. S:30 a. m.. !n full £_____•
unilcrm Jor tarade. Per order
S BI'NNKR. Pres.
J. J. McMAJION. Rec. Seo.
T}:B Cal'.Iornla Debris Commission having re-
ceived an&llcations to mine by the hydraulic
rrocess from V.". W. Treat and John II.
Thomas. In the Good Kore mine, near
Ecil-pe. Plur_as County, to deposit tailings
in Onion Valley Creek; from the Bader Gold
ll!r_n_ Company. In the Bader gold mine,
n«ar Mac-lia. Eutte County, to deposit tall-
•nci In Little Butte Cre*k: from the Ralston
r>iv!3e Gold Mining Ccmpany, In the Lynch-
b_T_ m'.nf, rear Virner, Piacer County, to
<>poMt tailings In Ixms: Canyon, and from G.
H. Lewie «t fi.1.. !n the Snake Gulch gravel
m!_e- near Vallicita. Calaveras County, to
<i*r-Tr;t tail!nr» In Fnake Gulch, give* notice
that a meeting will be held at room 59, Flood
buUfilfiC Ban Francisco. Cal.. on September
It. 1503. at 1:20 p. m.
THE »mu»! meeting of the stockholder* of the
DAIRYMEN'S UNION of California will be
held tt the office of the oorpcratlcn. 124. 126.
lCS Davis St.. on WEDNESDAY. September
11, ISC?, at 1 o'clock p. m., for the purpose
of electing d'.rectcr- for the ensuing year and
the transaction of such other business as may
come before the meeting.
8. H. CHEDA, Secretary.
WINDOWS ANO SEATS FOR' PARADE.
PTNE view of j>arade from grandstand cor.
Butter and Van Ness; constructed under ay-
proved plan- of Board of Public Works; pri-
vate boxes arvd chairs seats reserved at the
L'.cn Drug Co., cor. Market and Powell st&. ;
alto at rre_>_etara.
REyiTRVET* chair seat for Jl at grandstand
cor. Van Ness ave. and Sutter st. : don't pay
t2 to eit on a rough tench for four hours.
Peat* a_d private boxe« on saJe at Lion Drug
Co.. cor. Market and Powell ete. ; aiso at
the prand etand.
TI!O?E ieclrtr.g to view the parade from the
windows cf Mine. Gern-.aine'e apartmentj
rr.uft ee« her personally. 606 Market et..
rocin 30. '
TO LET — tO seate !n open frcr.t store. 1177 Mar-
kex et.. op;x>;-ite City _IaU. Call Immediately,
03 {>re:nlses.
FfP.NISHED room— Kearr.y-st corner; superb
view tor street scenes holiday week. Apply
MAX CLARK. 4a California st.
TKTNTXytV to let for parade or single seats, Jl
each. Room 2, 2d f.oor, 410 Kearny st.
LARGE _oub> windows for parade. Hotel
Rf.bin-cn, 104SA Market Ft.
AGENTS WASTED.
t^ TO $5.1 daily easily made by our Live Agents,
men or women, selling our latest novelty,
campaign waterproof neckties; goods entirely
new and r-tent«?<3 ; agents delighted; sale? un-
limited: what ethers do you can do; write to-
»!ay; secure «xclusive territory; guaranteed
best pe'iler. Address, with ftamp. If. & M.
UAT7FO. <~O.. I>*Ft. C. SpriTisrn-Md. Mass.
AGENTS— Do you want something more profit-
able ar.d eRPier tn sell than book! or !n«ur-
«r.<v»? A.&A. F. PERSON, r. 412. Parrott bldff.
AGENTS sell our aluminum card cases and
enrir; circulars and Eamples fre<». Bunker
Printing O\. Pert. II, Kansas City, Mo.
ROT^TOITOrtS wanted: ladies, gentlemen: fe-
rn— i» regulator. SSO Phelan building, S. F.
AGENTS of ability and experience in life Insur-
ant*. <^!l at room 1CL S37 Market, cor. Fixth.
WE handle n«we«=t novelties fnr acents. PA-
''IFIf AOKXTS' yiPPLY <T>.. 3461 l'th st.
ASPDALTUM ROOFING.
J. TEI-TIER. asphalt roofing, sidewalks: cellar
filers laid, repair*-/!: portal. 11RS Mi««lon st.
ASTIIOLOGV.
MME. HICKEY. astrolorlst: card reading and
raiTT.'stry. "r-o: hnrofcoys cast. 1333 Mls-lon.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee withcut eucce«s; collections. G W.
HOWE, atty at law. e:»0 Market, cor. Stockton.
R. W. KINfJ. attorney, 927 Market st., room 6fl;
genera! practice; moderate fees; consult fr*e.
FREE advic-e; divorce laws, darn—ires, estates,
coilectior.s. J. A. r.fltchell. Sl« Montgomery.
ADVICE free* no charge unless successful. W.
\V. PAVII'SON, r-_7 Market st.. opp. Mason.
L. f=. CLARK. Emma SpreckeJs bldg.. £27 Mar-
k»t Ft.; consultation fr— e; no fees in advance.
CASTER. HERMAN J., attorney, S27 Market
ft., r. C?S; rpen eve.. 7-S; consultation free.
BATH CAniXETS.
BOBINFON $5. 4-paneI folding; door opens; firm
and yafe. *»V. S. BROWN, gen, apt.. 428 Ellis.
BOARDING FOR CHILDREN,
•WOMAN want* child to nurst and board; 115.
Call 27 Ivy ave.
BUSINESS CHAXCES.
fUO— PARTNER wanted; indoor businese; will
tay $65 to $75 per cionth to each yearly. Mc-
_ LACGHLIN & CO., 777H Market st
t3S0— MECHAXICe' board and lodging house;
l—rgaJn; s!ck_eES c_us>e of eale. McLAUGH-
LIN & CO.. 777V4 Market St.
12000— PARTNER want«4 In wholesale and re-
tall liquor stcre with large cutslde trad*.
MeLAVGlILiy & CO.. 777'. Market st
»500— BUTCHER shop- bargain; sickness cause
of eale. McLAUGHLIN & CO.. 77TH Market.
•A--KREDO 4 DUTTON. £6 Geary et
Hotels, saloons, groceries, r-e-taurants, branch
b— keries, c'.«-_r etands end other businesses
too r.utnero-_» to mention; partnerships and
i_veetrse_tj from JIM up to $20,000: don't buy
uct'.l yea have eeea KREDO & DUTTON 81
G«_ry st. '
TVE h»-» largest list of. Ealoona, hotels, gro-
ceries, c!rar etcres, delicatessens, etc., in the
city; befor» buyir.g call SCHWEINIIARD it
CO.. _17 Market et.. between Fifth and Birth:
teieyhene -Tint 1S1L.
fSbO — STATIONERY, candy, . notions, pe^«r»,
la-sarr, cigars, eta; flnt location; largo
etock; tz» business 1 nice rooms; chean rent
LANE fc CO.. Us Market et
JL— $1500; SALOON, water front; big mon-y
maker; bargain. COWING _¦ CO.. 713 Market.
X-PIOEONS. £30, for eale. I*> you want to
enpage In the very profitable business of rais-
ing eijuabs or pigeons for ehootlng clubs right
here In th« city? Ajiy voraui c_n do th«
wo^K; rent or.!y »S with water. Box 4100. Call.
FOR eale— O_*-half or the whole business of
an old establishment on Market et. ; former
owner retired with J7S.0OO; present Interested
¦will cot a«ree; by advertising the business
¦would take better than ever; field unlimited-
profits larire; hazard email; investigation per-
mitted. Address box 2311, Call.
PARTNER wanted In a first-class Market-5t.
photosxaph raJlery, lady or gentleman; one
of th^ partners retiring; eplendld opportunity
Apply to NAGLE U NAGLE, Attorneys,
410 Emma Epreckels building. ?27 Market et
F"IRST-CI_A6S ealoon and beer agency for eale
In a. flourishing coast city: low 7 rent —nd long
lease; require* about $1000; princlp— la only
need apj?!y; reasons for selling-, sickness.
Wunder Hrewln« Co.. 8. F.
PARTNER wanted In billiard parlor, barber
*hop. ftationcrj", notions, confectionery busl-
ti«"se; thriving country town. Address box
«€4. Call cfrtce.
|2d00— COAL ar.d feed ycrd and express busl-
ne»-!>: 4 lmrs*_ and E wagons; good building-
llvir.g-roorr.s: long lease; excellent chance-
pocei location. CSil Sixteenth Bt.
WELL established rrocery anfl bar; eplendid
cafh business; 4 living room*; rent $20; thick-
ly nettled, quiet neighborhood; rtason for sell-
ing. elf knew. 21»'4 Eleventh st.
DRCO Etc--; one of the best paying businesses
in the city; leading thoroughfare; px>d stock-
r^Kl prices ; capital required JOjO. For par*
tlculars box 2210. Call.
COUNTRY merchants trading with Indians can
find a rr.arket for Indian baskets by address-
ing the Mn_lcan and Indian Curio Co.. £15
Btvc-teer.th st. Denver. Colo.
TO ror.t— For coal yerd. milk depot, etc.; flne
Joc.-itior-. ; jjlare is entirely covered; contains 3
f.al!^: rent or.ly $13; water free. Inquire WM.
HENimiCKSON & CO.. C14 Call building.
PAPEJi routu. Alameda: 600 subscribers: jirlce
ISiOo; margin S1S0 monthly. Address &18 East
Fourteenth et.. Oakland.
A GOOD country blacksmith business for *ale;
owner rftirinK from business. Address box
<CSS. Call office.
J2000— PARTNER wanted In old-establirhed
bu£:!nf*s»; laoft have a knowledge of bard-
warp. Address box 4092, Call offlee.
RnSTAUItANT for sale; central location; ac-
count Elcknrfs. D. FONTANA, 411 Pxclflo st.
FOR SALE or exchange — Home restaurant In
a _este«l _*i__i>orhs>od. Inquire 719 Post sU
BUSINESS CHANCES CONTINUED.
TWO N^TT~plIIe^~7lght77nweltle») for sale by
patentee. Room 15. 808 Sutter st
EBTARLISHED bakery & restaurant; will Bell
reasonable; account sickness. 714 Valencla.
TWO stores to rent; restaurant with furnttura,
other for barber shop. CSS Fourth 6t
$400— CORNER grocery and bar, with 4 living
rooms. Jill Howard st., oorner Langton.
PARTNER wanted in printing business; a good
opportunity. 4C2 McAllister st ____-
RESTAURANT for sale; e«tabl!sh«d Y. years;
will be sold at sacrifice. 1024 Hyde st.
COFFEE and tea routes Fupplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL & CO., 412 Sacramento st
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia et
LODGING-IIOl'SHS FOR SALE.
A— 22-ROOM rooming-house; central $1000
11-room house: $o0o down, balance easy.. SCO
S0-room house; first class 1050
SO-room house; all newly furnished 31»
11-room house, $475; 6-room flat 325
*_ FISHER & CO., 1C32 Market st.
A— SAY. FISHER & CO., have you lodging-
houses? Yes. what price? $300 up, any loca-
tion desired; 12 rooms, $300; 10 rooms, $4D0: 10
rooms, new, $K>0, fins; 20 rooms, bargain, $750;
ST rocrri. $2000, snap; all sizes, all prices, ail
new bargains; call and see us. 1032 Market.
OVER 200 houses for eale; price, location, elzv
and terms to suit you; call for list. M. GRIF-
FIN. 719 Market st, room 1, by "Call" bldg.
HAVE a good ranch at Napa to exchange for
a lodgine-house. Address. Ranch, Box 19S0.
Call Offlce.
i ¦ '
CARRIAGES AXD WAGOXS.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
eto.. cheap. EUAN & SON. 2117 Mission st
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single, also light
camping wagon, for salo cheap. 632 Mission.
NEW & M-h«nd wagons, buggies, carts & har-
nesR. work & driving horses, loth & Valencia.
CA5IPAIGX 1'IIOTO UUTTOXS.
MF*Y cf all kinds of p"hoto buttons and Jewelry;
wholesale, end retail; send for catalogue.
Miniature Portrait Co.. 933 Market ft.. S. F.
CARPET BEATIXO AXD CLEAXIXG.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
fend to fePAt'LDING'S Pioneer Carpet-Ileat-
lns Works, S52-3S7 Tehama St.; tel. South 40.
J. MCQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co..
4o3 Btereason Ft; tel. South 22?: lowest rates.
J. E. MITCHELL. Carpet-Boating and lieno-
j vatlng CO., 240 Fourteenth si.; tel. Mission 74.
I CITY Steam Carpet-Beating Works, G. H.
' STEVENS, msr., 3S-40 Sth st: tel. South 250.
i CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard, laid at 4o.
j STRATTON'S. 3 Eighth St.; tel. Jepsie S44.
j ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Putter it;
• tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM. proprietor.
1 CONKLIN'S Carpet-Beating Works, 333 Golden
j Gnte ave. ; telephone East 126.
j . CIIinOPODISTS. '
! BUNIONS, lnqrrown nails, corns, etc. ; absolute
I cure; consult'n fr»e. Dr. Duncan, 415 Sutter.
SPIRITUALISM.
I ARRIVED— Mrs. Dr. Farnham, world-renowned
: tpiritual medium; advice in all affairs of life,
lawsuits, divorces, deaths; unites the separat-
! ed: mining a specialty; clrs. Sun., Wed., Krt.
! come and be convinced. (Permanently)
! 513 Eddy, bet. Hyde and Larkin; no sign.
, MR?. HARRISON, medium: circles Tuesday,
Thurs. and Sun. nights, lCrc; read dally. Si8
i MiFsion et.
MME. MAJORS, sifted spiritual medium,
healer and card reader. 132 Sixth st, room 1.
! MRS. LESTER— Circle Sun.. Tues., Ft!. evesT
l<k-; readings dally: L. 25c. G. 50c. 127 Turk.
j WATPON, famous palmist, medium; epeclal
I thte week; full reading, 25c & 50o. 1.1S1 Market.
i MRS. PEAL, medium, cures the tobacco habit;
I life readlnjrs and treatments daily. 315 Ellis.
j WYLLIE. photo medium. 330 Ellis 6t; last
I week; come early; open Sunday.
! MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, clairvoyant, test, busl-
| ness medium, life reader; sittings SI. 1104 Mkt.
' FRIENDSHIP Hall, 335 McAllister— Mrs. C.~T
Meyer. Bit, dally; convlnc'g tests to-night 10n.
CLAIRVOYAXTS.
IEMAR THE OTPST
ISMAR, the Egyptian Gypsy, draws a_ide the
uncurtained years ahead; happiness and suc-
j cess go hand in hand, yet hundreds fail where
j success is possible were It not for a lack of
I foresight Into the future. If you are In
I trouble of any kind, discontented, unhappy
or not satisfied In life, consult IBMAR, for
I fhe Ir a prophetess of world-wide fame, and
; her name has become a proverb In thousands
! , of homes made happy by her aid and advice.
' ISMAR can be consulted daily from 10 a. m.
i to 5 p. m. at her office, 114s Market st. op-
j pesite S1»th. Full life readings by mall. $3.
MME. LANOE, the great clairvoyant, tells past.
i future; never falls; has the greatest Egyptian
I recret; chows picture future husband or wife;
i fee 2'o and up; satisfaction to everybody; open
i Sundays. 1167 Market st.. lift. 7th and Sth.
• MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
; reader, born with double veil & second fight,
: diagnoses disease with life reading: ladies iOc:
; gents II: palm. & clalr. sit. $1 r,0. 126 Turk Bt.
! MME. BERNARD reads life fluently* advice
! given In all affairs In life; satisfaction guar-
! anteed- 25c up. 17 Third St.. next Examiner.
; MME. HANSON, palmistry, card read>r: past.
; pr'sent, future. 25c. 148 Sixth St., room 14.
i NATIVE Sons and Daughters who want the
j truth; special price, 23c and EOc. 19 Powell.
I MATCHETT holds circle to-night. 8 o'clock;
j 10c; test all. 132 4th; sittings dally, 60o.
j CLAIRVOYANT, test, business medium, card
reader, 25c up. 823 Mission st.,nr.4th; no sign.
MRP. MELVILLE, well-known clairvoyant and
water reader, moved to 11 6th ; German spoken.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry; truth or no pay; 25a 1149 Mission.
MME. ZEREDA. the gypsy. Is the great palm-
I ¦ 1st and card reader; 25c. 7 Seventh: no sign.
! MME. SCHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader
I sittings dally. 212^ Sixth tt.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advic*; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth !»t.
MME SYBILLE— Cradle to ~rave; future hus-
band'w picture. 2£c; ladles. 914 O'Farrell st
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S A gency— No"chargeT un"
less successful. Room 313. 927 Market Bt
DENTISTS.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLIXIC, 809 Mar-
ket tt, cor. 4th, rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns.
! $3 £.0 up; plates, extractions free. $4 50 up; of-
I li— » hour-. 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. ; Sundays 9 to 2
j P- m. G. W. WILLIAMSON. M. P.. Manager.
A— DR. V. CAVALPKT has returned from
the Paris Exposition with some of the finest
patents for painless dentistry, plates, teeth
without a plate, crown a.ti.1 bridge work; all
work warranted; platen, full set, $5; fillings,
COc; crown. $3 10. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 6th.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings; extractions or fillings by my won-
derful ee«ret. painless method; 20 years' ex-
perience; no students; advice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed; Sady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell st
! . —
I CROWN and bridge work experts; our work Is
! unexcelled and our prices are the lowest: call
and see our samples and get our prices before
going elsewhere; best of references: examina-
tion free. DRS. PERKIXS & DOVEY, 1013
Market et. bet. Sixth and Seventh; elevator.
TEETH extracted free; plates. $5: crowns. $3 SO-
bridgework, $5; all the latest methods for
painless dentistry; hours, 9 a. m to 9 p. m.
Modem Dental Parlori. 1206 Market, cor. O. O.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market nr. Eleventh
— No charge for extracting when plates are
made — old plates rabde over like new; teeth
from $8 per Bet; extracting, EOc; gas given.
i DR ALBERT HILL. 850 Market, cor. Stockton
for a perfect set of teeth and teeth without
plates; lowest prices for the best work.
LOWEST prices In S. F.; painless extraction,
tOc. New York Dentists, 909 Mission, cor. 6th.
PARIS Dental Parlor, 225 Kearny, cor. Bush—
Full set of teeth. |4; crowns, $3; fillings. 25c
VAN VROOM— "Painless"; evenings and Sun-
days. 1001 Market st, corner Sixth.
SET of teeth without plate. DR. II. O.
YOITXO. 1541 Polk Kt.
DOC HOSPITALS.
DR. BUZARD'S Dog Hospital, Post, FHlmore—
Advice and medicine, 75c; city visits, $150; all
anlinals treated; dogs boarded. Tel. West 636.
DR. Creely's C.-P. mange cure and worm pills
by druggists or at hospital. M0 Golden Gate av.
DKJESSMAjKERS AXD SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL. Dressmaking .. and Millinery
School; patterns cut to order. 1019 Market Bt
B. F. Dressmaking. Ladles" Tailoring and Mll-
Ilnery School; French system. 411 Van Ness.
ACCORDION pleating factory;- all kinds pleat-
lng, pinking, 1X1 Pwt, jyer_0'Con-or&Mofratt
EDUCATIONAL.
AYRES' Business College, 723 Market Bt; life
scholarship, $50; includes shorthand, typing,
bookkeeping, telegraphy; day and evening;
just added, new business practice offices and
20 new typewriters; catalogue free.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post st. S. F.—
Practical courses in bookkeeping, shorthand,
typing, languages, telegraphy, English
branches, civil, electrical and mining engl-
neering. etc; new 80-page catalogue free.
GALLAGHER-MARSH College. Parrott Bldg.—
Shorthand, typing and bookkeeping; Robert F.
Gallagher, expert court reporter, teacher of
shorthand; reportorial phrasing taught: prac-
tlcal bookkeeping; full course. $50: cataloguo.
A NIGHT School for Men at the Y. M. C. A.
building. Mason and Ellis Bts.: registration,
Sept. 10-14; studies elementary and advanced;
great opportunity for young men to gain a
practical business education..
A-THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
echool for the university, law and medical
colleges; references. President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelaji building.
CALIFORNIA Business College Is again en-
larging quarters. Come up and eee us. 305
Larkln st.
BOOKKEEPING, free trial; private lessons: 8
mos. In college not equal to 8 wks. with me;
$25. TARR, expert,' accnt, 423 Parrott bldg.
ENGINEERING, civil, elec. mining, mech. sur-
vey, assay, cyanide, arch. : day. eve. : e*t. 1S64.
VAN DER NAILLEN SCHOOL. 933 Market.
MUNSON School Shorthand. Typing. Bookpg,
Spanish. 137 Mont'y. E. M. Carpenter, prln.
FRENCH student- — 1 or 2 boarded; professor's
quiet family; ref. re*}. Maury, box 4067. Call.
PIANO and German; pupil of Conservatory in
Leipslc: lessons 75c. •520 Golden Gate ave.
CALIFORNIA Business College, 305 Larkln—
All branches; thorough: positions secured.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc.. day or eve.; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
LE JEUNE Art and Craft School; modeling,
designing, carving, all branches. 424 Pine st.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
A— JAPANESE and Chinese employment con-
tractor; estab. over 10 years; all kinds help.
421 Post st., near Powell: telephone Bush 133.
JAPANESE Housecleaning Co.— 'Walters, cooks,
dishwashers. Est. 3S9O. 102(5 Oak: tel. Page547.
UNION Japaneee-Chlnose emp. offlce— Best help
furn.: domestic serv. 417 Powell; tel. Bush 376.
ORPHEI'M E— lployment Offlce— Japanese. Chi-
nese help. 426 Powell, nr.Sutter; tel. Black 5072.
JAPANESE and Chinese Employment Offlce;
best help furn. ; tel. John 2121. RO6V4 Stockton.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office^ —
Best help. 411'4 OFarr^ll Ft.: tel. East 426.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED FEMALE.
SITUATION wanted by elderly American
woman to do light housework or wash dishes
in restaurant. Inquire 12>i Scott way, be-
tween Powell and Mason sts.
A WILLING elderly woman wishes a place
to do light housework and assist with chil-
dren in city. Call 230 Minna st.
AMERICAN' woman wishes work; washing,
ironinp and house-cleaning; $1 and car fare.
Address Box 3313, Call office.
j WANTED— By capable and refined middle-aged
j American Eastern lady, position as working
1 housekeeper for elderly couple or Invalid; no
incumbrances; references; city or country.
Call or address Ahlborn Hotel, Bush st. and
Crant ave.
YOUNG woman, flne cook, -wishes position;
cocking only; small family; understands all
kinds of cooking; neat and economical, $35 to
$40. Box 33W, Call offlce.
A YOUNG woman would like to get some kind
of -tore or factory work. Address F. C, box
2308, Call office.
WANTED— By young lady, position as com-
panion to elderly lady; city or Oakland. Box
4<es. Call offlce.
WOMAN wishes plain sewing to do at homo.
S21 Mission st.. room 1.
WOMAN wishes situation for housework: good
cook; city or country. Call at 1604 Howard.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third st, near Mar-
ket: 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 night, $1 60 to $6
week; convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore Et
A BRANCH offlce <Jor Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1006 Va-
lencia Bt.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — MALE.
$00— A COMPETENT up-to-date ranch, orchard
and- vineyard superintendent; 40 years old.
married, hlchly recommended, will r>ay any
one l~A for procuring him a permanent posi-
tion at reasonable remuneration. Address
Box 3314. Call offlce.
SITUATION wanted as helper for a good coat-
j maker; has 10 years' experience In pants
1 making, but wants to learn to make coats.
I box 2021. Call office. Oakland.
; BOBER, Industrious middle-asred man wishes
I situation as gardener, carpenter, general
! chore work; 3 years' experience as porter;
i best references. Box 3316, Call offlce.
! INDUSTRIOUS German gardener; understands
care of horsee. buggies, cows, vegetables,
lawn flowers; in private family; very useful
and willing; references; city or country. Box
40D0, Call offlce.
WANTED — By a young man a steady position
in city, where he can board at home; can
drive team; country reference. Address 435
Bush et., ropm IS.
BLACKSMITH'S helper wishes a position in
a shop; can drlva. Address box 4099. Call.
YOUNG man wishes a position in ware or
store house; willing to work; can furnish ref-
erence. Address box 4098, Call offlce.
BAKER, bread ar.d cakes; baker wants posi-
tion; day work desired. 313 Leavenworth st.
JAPANESE young man and wife want a place;
man to do cooking and wife to wait at table.
Box 490«. Call office.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore Bt
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
1 subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lenrin. st.
EXPERT OPTICIANS.
EYES examined free; spectacles properly ad-
jnste.l. N'. Manasso. oculist nptlclan. 9:0 Mkt.
FINANCIAL^
IF you have stocks or bonds of any kind for
sale, call or address PACIFIC COAST VS-
nERTVP.ITIN'O CO.. 504 Parrott building.
FLATS TO LET.
A — 30 DAYS free; clean 4-room flat; reduced to
$11. 1424 Howard St.. near Tenth.
A— 15 DAYS free; 6 rooms, porcelain bath; clean
and tunny; reduced to $16. 1424 Howard st.
ELEGANT 10-room modern house; sunny yard,
etc.: 1124 Ouerrero St. DOYLE. FRYAL CO..
473 Valencia Et.
,IF you want to move get printed list flats to let
from BALDWIN & HOWELL, 10 Montgomery.
SEVENTEENTH. 4332— Sunny upper flat. 6
rooms and bath; rent $12.
SUNXY corner flat, $25; northwest corner How-
ard and Fourteenth sts. ; 7 rooms, bath;
clean and modern.
2 UPPER flats; 4 rooms; large yard; stables,
wagon sheds. 2 Hayward St., near Eighth.
$9— SUNNY 3-room flat. 1328 Jessie st, oft Her-
mann, near junction Market and Valencia.
Fl'RMTl'KE FOR SALE.
PIANO. Singer machine, organ, folding bed
ranpe, other furniture. 3279 Mission st, near
Twenty-ninth.
4 ROOMS furnished in oak for $43 50. with No. 7
rarr". King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market
FURNITURE WANTED.
CHAS. LEVY buys your furniture, carpets,
pianos, etc. 1135 Market St. ; tel. Jessie 761.
ALWAYS 'phone John 1041 before selling your
furniture. Standard Furn. Co., 745 Mission.
Auctioneer— L. Vincent, 1305 Larkln; tel. Polk 61»4;
furniture & furn'd houses bought ; spot cash.
$3000 worth of furniture, carpets, etc., wanted.
M. Silverateln, 1121 Market; tel. Folsom 1105.
ALFRED ¦WOLLPERT. 773 Mission st, pays
highest price for your second-hand furniture.
W. E. CODY (late with J. T. Terry & Co.) buys
furniture, carpets. 757 Mission: tel. Red 3353.
HELP WANTED-PEMALB.
WOOLEN~mlll help Boss finisher and
weavers on blankets; highest wages paid on
the coast; correspondence confidential. Apply
J. W. COLLINS. ,7 and 9 Battery st. city.
WANTED — Maiden lady as housekeeper (Pro-
testant). Address M. C. CLETNER, Cal-
pella, Cal.
A LADY of Indomitable energy . possessed of
self-assertion; good opportunity to right party
F. PERSON, room 412 Parrott building.
WANTED— Young gir! to assist with light
housework and care of children; sleep home.
309 Twelfth st. ¦
WANTED — A woman of mature years to take
charge of small offlce. Box 330S. Call offlce.
OPERATORS on waists and wrappers; . also
girls to sew on buttons. NEWBAUER BROS
18 First at. -
BRIGHT young girls to learn light trade: paid
while, learning. KRAKER," 22$ Bush Bt.
HELP WASTED-FEMALE.
"C. R. HANSEN & CO Phone Grant 185"
HOTEL DEPARTMENT •••
6 waitresses, city, $20 and $25; waitresses for
Bakersfleld. Corning, Fresno, San Mateo,
Woodland, Redwood City, Uklah. Martinez,
Coluea. Madera, Santa Barbara and Keswlclc,
$20 and $25, many of them fare paid; 3 cham-
bermaids to wait $20; 2 chambermaids, *io
and »17 60; woman cook. $30; fancy ironers,
$35
• FAMILY DEPARTMENT ...........
6 cooks, $30; S second girls,; 60 house_irls;
ranch hands, and many others too numerous
to mention. Apply C. R. HANSEN & CO..
104 Geary »t.
WOMAN masseur and bath attendant for the
springs. $25 and found; call early. C. K.
HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary et.
HOUSEKEEPER- large first-class hotel; $50.
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary St.
8 PROTESTANT chambermaids; first-class city
hotel. MRS. LAMBERT, 418 Powell; steady
employment. '
ACTIVE girls to learn fancy Ironing at ST.
NICHOLAS LAUNDRY, 17th and Folsom sts.
GIRL general housework, washing; small fam-
lly adults; wages $15 to $18. 315 Scott st.
EXPERIENCED waitress; steady work; wages
$6 a week. Restaurant. 233 Sixth st.
WANTED— German girl; plain cooking; coun-
try; wages $20 per month. Box 3317, Call.
WANTED— Women and girls to work on toma-
toes, canning and preparing; highest wages
paid: steady work; prizes for quick work.
Apply Immediately to U. S. FRUIT PACK-
ING CO.. Harrison ave., between Seventh
and Eighth «ts., off Folsom.
APPRENTICES on overalls. STANDARD
SHIRT FACTORY, cor. Gough and Grove sts.
GIRLS to rivet overalls, also sewing machine
operators, at Levl Strauss & Co.'s factory,
32% Fremont st.; no experience necessary;
good wages. Apply to MR. DAVIS.
YOUNG lady to train for nurse; high school
graduate. 1609 Jackson st.
TAILORESS' wanted. 40S Larkln st
GIRL for general housework; wages $25. Call
2114 Central ave.
MAKERS and trimmers wanted. New York
Milliner?^. 1208 Market st.
WANTED— Vest operators and apprentices. 40
Ellis st.. room 41.
APPRENTICE In a beauty parlor. 6S2 Sutter
street.
GIRL, 16 to 18, to look after 3-year-old child.
117A liartlett st.
MIDDLE-AGED woman; llpht housework and
attend to lady. 716 Franklin st
APPRENTICE wanted; book bindery. 536 Clay
street.
IRONERS wanted at United States Laundry.
Sixteenth St., near Valencia.
Al FINISHER on suits at M. SIMINOFF, 122S
Market st.
WANTED— Women and girls to work on fruit
1731 Folsom st., between 13th and 14th.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at lWi
Valpn-Ma st.
HELP WANTED — MALE.
AT C. R. HANBEN & CO.'S 104 Geary st.
COO men for railroad work
200 teamsters, State of Nevada $2 a day
50 teamsters, Monterey Co $2 a day
60 laborers, Surf $2 a day
&0 laborers, Truckee $1 90 a day
20 tunnelmen for big tunnel, Chatsworth
Park, Los Angeles Co., $2 to $2 50 a day, feo
$1, Bhlp daily, free fare.
Wanted for new railroad work north, EO
laborers, woodchoppers and men handy with
an ax $2 a day
Fee $1 Free fare
100 laborers and teamsters for new railroad
in Humboldt County, $2 a day, board $3 GO
a week
60 rockmen drillers and laborers for reeer-
volr and water works In Napa Co., $2 a day,
board $3 50 a week; 20 laborers for smelter,
$2 a day; .6 Burlelgh drillers, $3 a day; 10
laborers and. teamsters, near city, $2 day;
stablemen, milkers, farmers, choremen and
others
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
French chef, $100; 4 cooks, county hotels, $40 to
'$60: 20 dishwashers and kitchen-hands, $25
and $30; laundryman and wife. Institution, $60;
washer. Institution, $30: laundryman, country
hotel, 135; nurse, institution. $30. C. R.
HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary Bt
A— BLACKSMITH for R. R. camp $3 a day
Free fare. C. R. IIANSEN A CO.. 104 Geary.
125 GERMANS; care of horses: $35 and found;
free fare. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary.
BARBER for first-class hotel open the year
round; only first-class barber with references
need apply Tuesday morning at C. R. HAN-
BEN & CO.'S, 104 G«ary st.
HOTEL clerk. $75; typewriter for hotel. $25
and found. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary.
BUSINESS man who can take charge of cor-
responding, understands export, for whole-
Bale provision and commission house: must
have experience In that line; $125 to start. C.
R. HANSEN & CO., 101 Geary st
WANTED — Experienced men to attend to
horses on transports to China, returning here
in 90 days. Apply C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104
Geary st.
A— WANTED >.
Driver for delivery wagon, city; must have
references: $35 and found. W. D. EWER &
CO., 610 Clay st.
A— WANTED— To go to-day; 6 men for winery.
$1 15 a day and board. W. D. EWER & CO.,
610 Clay st.
BARBERS' Progressive Union— Free employ-
ment. H. Bernard, Sec. 104 7th; tel. Jessie 152.
HUSTLERS wanted, boys and men, to sell
California poppv buttonhole bouquets before
10 a. m. 203 Sixth Bt.
BARBERS— 4-chair shop and baths; flne loca-
tion; must sell Immediately; no reasonable
oiter refused. Address box 3215. Call.
AN all around butcher for a first-class mai-
ket Address WARREN LEWIS, Sta. C, P.O.
GOOD young barber wanted. 1759 Union st
BARBER wanted Monday and Tuesday. 644
Washington st.
I DISHWASHERS and 1 waiter at 213 OTar-
. rell Bt.
WANTED-Stalr builder. 819 Diamond st
WANTED— Walter. 435 Ellis street.
A YOUNG man to make himself useful about
chophouse. 1405 California street.
WANTED— NIffht clerk and bedmaker. Dewey
House. 32 East St.
WANTED — A brushmaker; good drawing hand.
1612 Polk st.
GROCERY clerk; city experience; delivery and
fill orders; salary $3. Box 4095, Call office.
WANTED— Steady and lunch waiters; call
early. 18 East st.
NIGHT cook; also «walter. 207 Third st
WANTED — Salesman; furnishing goods dept.
Apply S. N. WOOD St. CO.. 71S Market st
ENERGETIC Industrial Insurance agent for
good debit. Apply J. REINDERS. Call Tues-
day, bet. S & 9 or 6 & 6, rm. 19. Donohoe bldg.
FIRST-CLASS Jeweler and Jobber; state ref-
erences and wages expected; permanent posi-
tion all year around. Address box 4097, Call.
FIVE first-class mill bench hands: one w ood
turner. NIEHAUS BROS. CO.. West Berke-
ley Planing Mills.
A GENTLEMAN of Indomitable energy and
push: good opportunity to right man. E.
PERSON, room 412, Parrott building. ..
BARBERS— Good-paying 5-chalr shop; must b«
sold on account of departure; a bargain.
DECKELMAN BROS., 106 Ellis st.
APPRENTICE tinner for heavy work; must
have had experience; mention where employed
and wages wanted. Box 4089, Call offlce.
WANTED— 6 Jewelers; steady work;. no short
time. Apply, stating wages wanted and par-
tlculars. JOS. MAYER & BROS.. Seattle.
TAILOR'S cutter wanted; one that Is a good
coatmaker. Address C. J. ANDREWS, Port
Townsend, Wash. .
NEW goods; quick sales: salary or commis-
sion; city or country. THE J. DEWING CO.,
Flood building. :
ELDERLY man cook for boarding house. 322
Main st.
SIX good teamsters; steady work. Apply to
J. O'SHEA. Seventeenth and Vermont sts.
.WANTED— A first-class bread and cake baker;
references required. Apply 1217 Valencia st.
COATMAKER - for country; good prices; se«
boss Wednesday morning. 127 Eddy st.
FOR sale — A 3-chair barber shop, on account of
going East 14 Turk st ;
LABORERS and drillers wanted at 627 Four-
teenth St., near Guerrero.' ¦
WANTED— 100 men to take rooms, 10c, 15c and
20c. Boston House, 930 Howard st.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 562 Mission st..- bet. 1st and 2d sts.
WANTED— steady waiter, extra waiter, extra
V cook. » Taylor •t»v '¦' ¦¦ --V; ;
\ .' -.. . —
HELP WANTED — MALE.
A— MURRAY & READY. Phone Main 5343
...Leading Employment and Labor Agents...
....WANT 7 A. M., MONDAY. SEPT. 10....
WE SHIP FREE WE BHIP FREE
To all parts of California, Nevada, Utah and
other States and Territories.
Los Angeles Santa Barbara District
Dunsmulr Redding Shasta
Fresno Truckee Districts
Reno. Nev. Salt Lake City
Surf San Luis Bakersfleld
Soda Springs and 63 other points, laborers,
teamsters, tunnelmen, etc., $3, $2 50, $2, $1 75
day Free fare
Only $1 fee $1 fee only
MURRAY & READY,
634-636 Clay at
A— WE GAVE EMPLOYMENT
YEAR 1&7 to upwards of 17,000 men
1838 19,000 men
1899 21.000 men
MURRAY & READY. 624-636 Clay st.
A— FRUIT PICKERS... 365... FRUIT PICKERS
MEN OR BOYS
For fruit picking, work in packing and dry-
Ing houses, help ship fruit to California and
Eastern markets and do any other work* at
least 3 months' Jobs .' '
Fare from $1; call early and go fruit pick-
ing; wages $30 per month and found; trusts
banking corporations, etc
MURRAY & READY,
634-63S Clay st
A— WE pay your fares to sawmills, woods eto. •
386 men for all classes of work ; laborers', etc, '
no experience required, you'll suit; wages $2«
$30. $35. $40 and found; also 50 mlllmen. 50
woodsmen, shingle sawyers, snipers, line pull-
ers, carriage setters, Jackscrewers, In fact
we want every class of help for mills, woods
planing mills, etc., $1 25 to $40 and found'
864 tlemakers, woodchoppers, tools and pro-
visions furnished, $3, $2, $1 75, $1 cord. 12c and
13c each; some for gold mines
MURRAY & READY!
634-836 Clay at
A— 45 LABORERS. .TO. .HELP CARPENTERS
Anybody will suit. $30, $35. $40 and found
Come see MURRAY & READY, 634-638 Clay!
A— IT'S BIG WAGES GETS GOOD HELP
15 laborers, Napa County, you'll suit $40
and found; 50 laborers, Humboldt County $60-
264 laborers and teamsters for all parts of
California, some In San Francisco also In
factories, $2 50. $2, $1 75 day; 25 scraper team-
sters, north $4) and found
Loggers, crosscut sawyers, $43 and found-
swampers: 16 drillers, city Job; 12 hammer
men; brlcksetters, wheelers; edgerman, $3
day; 150 men to build a flume; hammer and
hatchet men, $40 and found; 5 men to coal
cart, $2 day; E0 men to pile lumber $60
TO MINES
25 men as laborers for mines $34 and found
26 miners, single hand work, $75. $60; 136 farm
• hands, steady Jobs, $35. $30, $26 and found-
26 milkers, butter makers, $30 and found; 16
stablemen, city and country. $40, $30, $23 and
found; 3 farmers and wives; married furnace
man; 16 choremen and boys.... $23, $20, $15, $10
and found
10 vaqueros to break colts to saddle, $43 and
found, steady, good Job; 16 teamsters, road
work $32 60 and found
For all other Jobs come and see
MURRAY & READY,
631-636 Clay st,
A MECHANICAL HELP
6 carpenters, free fare $3 23 day
6 carpenters for ranches, etc, $49 and found;
brirk mason, $4 day; 3 painters, house work,
$2 00 to $3 day, fare 70c; painter's helper; 12
blacksmiths and horseshoers; also helpers....
MURRAY & READY.
631-636 Clay st
A— HOTEL BAKERY BUTCHER
LAUNDRY DEPARTMENT
Steward, country hotel, see boss here, $.^0
and found .'
28 cooks $."0, $60 ; $40, $30 and found
19 waiters $35, $30, $25, $20 and found
82 dishwashers $30, $25, $20, $13 anj found
12 bakers' assistants, $40. $35, $30 and found;
12 laundrymen, $40. $35. $30, $23 and found;
candymakers; porter help for Institution; gro-
cery clerk and drive
6 butchers $35, $30 and found
Pantrymen; Ice. cream makers. MURRAY &
READY, 634-636 Clay St.
WANTED- Recruits for the United States Ma-
rine Corps, U. S. Navy, able-bodied, unmar-
ried men of good character, between the agea
of 21 and 33 years; not less than 5 feet 4
Inches and not over 6 feet 1 Inch in height;
must be citizens of the United States or per-
sons who have legally declared their Inten-
tions to become citizens; able to read, write
and speak English properly. For further In-
formation apply at the Marine Recruiting Of-
flce. 40 Kills St., San Francisco, Cal., 530 K St..
Facrfimento, Cal., or 1058 J St., Fresno, Cal.
WANTED— Man and ' wife to work on ranch?
man must be thoroughly competent Jn gen-
eral ranch work; wife to do general house-
work; wages $40 per month: Swi»dlsh, German
or Swiss preferred. Address D. K., box 46.
Wheatland, Yuba County, Cal.; apply at
once.
AN intelligent boy for apprentice salesman In
a large tinware and stove store; must write a
good hand; German or French preferred; low
wages to commence with: chance for advance-
ment. Box 4C90, Call offlce.
WANTED — For railroad construction In Hum-
boldt County, 100 men; wages $2 per day;
board $3 50 per week. Apply J. R. HAN1FY
& CO.. 16 California st.
MEN wanted to learn barber trade; only eight
weeks required: positions guaranteed; special
Inducements; catalogue and map of city free.
Meier's Barber College, 635 Clay st.
DENTIST— 1st class, good habits & address, to
take charge books & business of wide prac-
tice: large salary; security required. Oakland
Dental Co., 1065 Washington st, Oakland.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third st. ; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
BOY wanted. San Francisco and Pacific Glass
Works, Seventh and Townsend sts.
GET vour shoes half soled while waiting'; 25c
.to 50c. 502 Mission St., bet. 1st and 2d sts.
WANTED— Stable attendants. Apply W. UP-
WARD, Baden, end of San Mateo elec. line.
MEN and women to learn barber trade. S. F.
Barber Colleee, 741A Howard St.
SAILORS, ordinary seamen and green hands;
all parts of world. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart.
PENSIONS— GEO. D. CAMPBELL, lawver, 16
years' practice; Examiner building.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st. near Mar-
ket; 700 rooms, 23c night; reading-room; free
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
LINDELL House, corner Sixth and Howard —
Rooms 15o to 25c night; 75c to $2 per week.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st.
HORSKS.UyE STOCK, Etc— For Sale
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market,
327 Sixth st. ; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
FINE bay mare, top buggy and harness, suit-
able for family use. will be sold at a sacri-
fice. Inquire at Club Stables, Taylor st, nr.
Geary.
70 HEAD draft, carriage and saddle horses: al3o
pneumatic and ruhbfr-tired buprKles; cheap.
Qpo1ripnt.il Horse Exchange. 721 Howard st.
„ j___ _ g e s^ -'ESL-ii'SX'
A — PRINTED list: houses to let; send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO., 14 Montgomery.
POST, 2225. bet. Scott and Devlsadero— Modern
house; large stable; large driveway.
$22 50 — MODERN house. 7 rooms; large base-
ment. 367 Shotwell st.. near Eighteenth.
LOST^LXl^FOUXD.
LOST— Between cor. 22d & Mission and 24th and
Chattanooga, lady's open-faced silver watch-
keepsake. Return 213 Chattanooga; reward.
LOST— St. Bernard dog; black head; Inscrip-
tion on collar "Lareo." J. H. NEWB VUFU
226 Front; return and receive liberal reward!
LOST— Black and tan dog: name Zip; license
tag attached to collar; J10 reward. Dewev
House, 32 East st.
SATURDAY right, on car, between City Hall
and ferry, lady's black jacket. Notify M J
KELLER CO.. Oakland, for reward.
LOST—Dlamond stud, valued as keepsake; lib-
eral reward. 3S8S Twenty-third st.
LOST— Pug dog. black nose, collar with but-
tons on: name "Boots": reward. 421 Mc-
Allister Bt
LOST— Fine leather design case with photo-
graphs; reward. 475 Valencia st.
LOST— Greyhound bitch: fawn, with white
marks; 42 pounds. Return to 2S29 Bush st ¦•
reward.
MEDICAL.
™TanT^^
£i_*M ladle if and Kent "' specialists; 32 years-
practice; have treated thousands of cases suc-
cessfully; a positive curs Buarantee-1 at of-
fice, ladies treated can return home the saiae
day; try the celebrated HINDO HERB treat-
ment for home cure: any one can use it by dl-
rectlons: perfectly harmless; home for conflne-
ment. Send five 2-cent stamps for circular.
M i R f|-" DR KOHL ' the well-known and reliable
ladles specialist; guaranteed treatment at of-
?"¦ ?¦>: Positive cure: home for patients be-
rore and during confinement; skillful medical
?A SV On: consu l«~-tion free and confidential.
446 Eddy St., bet. Leavenworth and- Hyde.
DR -/,. O> . W - O'DONNELL. the world-unowned
ladles specialist; safe and reliable: has prac-
ticed in Ban Francisco for years; treated thou-
sands of cases successfully; treatment can be
used at home; consultation free. After all
others fall call on him. 1023H Market st
DRS. GOODWIN, well-known ladles' specialists"
have returned from Europe; safe andrellable-
EJSL?V$f v- treated thou » an <l3 «* cases with
success: 15 years' practice In 8. F.; maternity
l 52g_!_i ( W r ~ ces - 1W K .*<-*" «.,_«« bSuu
MEDICAL.
ALL nervous and mental diseases cured: rest
and sleep assured; highest testimonials. F.
P. N.Van Landeshem. D. P. L., late of S8 E.
63d at, N. Y. Citv, nn_. 5 & 8; of flea hours
9 till 1 o'clock. HC> Golden Gate ave.
NO TOY KEE. Chinese doctor: cures consump-
tion, cancer, catarrh, etc.; all diseases treat-
ed; send for testimonials: advice free. Sanl-
tarlum. 704 gacramento Bt, corner Kearny.
MRS. DR. WYETH. reliable specialist; 25 yrs.'
practice; home In confine— lent; treatment at
offlce, $5; any ailment; consultation free; con-
fldentlal^ 942 Post Bt. bet Hyde and Larkln.
STRICTLY private and secluded residence,
away from the public gaze, for the treatment
of women; confinement cases taken. MRS.
DR. FUNKE. 1416 Eighth St.. Alameda.
A— NEW process; every woman her own phy-
sician; no medicine or pills used; practical
physician 37 yrs. Dr. POPPER. 813 Kearny.
MRS. M. ALLEN, 1035 Market-Ladles' spedal-
lst; home In confinement; safe and reliable,
consultation free: hours 10 to 8.
DR. "and MRS. M. WEGENER— Private horn*
In confinement 1312 Golden Gate ave.
DR. WOXO HIM. herb doctor, treats _(1 dls-
eases of the human body. 115 Mason »t.
MISCELLA.VEOUS — FOIl SALE.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 135-j?7 Fremont st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters,
linoleum, new and second-hand; we always
have a large stock of saloon outfits on hand;
82 complete outfits on our floor, ready made;
we can ship everything In 24 hours. J.
N.OONAN. 1017. 1019, 1021. 1023 Mission «t,
above Sixth; write for catalogue.
STRANGERS visiting this city will find it to
their advantage to call at UNCLE HARRIS".
15 Grant ave., and Inspect his large stock of
diamonds, watches, sealskins, musical In-
struments, shotguns, opera and field glasses
and other goods too numerous to mention,
which he sells at one-half of original cost
FOR eale— Property of the Live Oak Consolt-
dated Gold Mining Co.. situated In Nevada
County. 15 miles north of Auburn; 2 patented
claims; 8-stamp quartz mill; ditch and hoist-
ing works complete. For further particular-
Inquire of A. MEISTER. 914 Ninth st. Sac-
ramento, CaL
A— VERY flne 12-bore hammerlesfl Remington
shotgun for $29; cost originally $45. UNCLE
HARRIS. 15 Grant ave.
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 216 Spear st.
S H.-P. 2nd-hand steam engine and boiler; also
for gasoline, 6, 4, 3 and l'i h.-p. each; first-
class; bargains. EPSTEIN. M8 Mission st
STEEL tanks, all sizes; suitable for wat»r or
oil; cheap: all shapes; second hand. II s
WHITE, 516 Mission it
A— $3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 73. Pop-
ular Price Hatters, 230 Kearny st., near Pine.
A— 100 HORSEPOWER engine, boiler, 2 drill
air compressor. JARDINES. 220 Fremont st
FOUR-room cottage^ to be moved. 241S Har-
rison St., between "Twentieth and Twenty-first.
GREAT Danes and fox terrier pups; prlzo pedi-
gree stock. Box E. Walnut Creek.
SAFES— New and second hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
FIREPROOF safe for nale cheap. 42 Main st
PORTABLE engines, boilers; Iron and wood
planers, lathes; 2d hand. J. Burke. 133 Beala.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d hand; moving
pictures. Bl'LLARD ft BRFCK. 131 Post st.
FINE suit. $10; dress pants, $2 73. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st.
FULL line cameras and photo supplies; selling
cheap. W. A. HARTTER. 513 ExamlnT bldg.
WILL rent full dress Tuxedo or Prince Albert
sult."> for $2 50. Portland Loan Offlce, 23 Ptktn.
10-TON Fairbanks scale and fire and burglar
proof safe. 213 California st
2D-HAND photographic and magio lantern out-
fits bought, sold, exchanged. 109 Montgomery.
FIRST-CLASS second-hand modern engines and
boilers bought and sold. KROGH Mfg. Co.
EDISON concert phonograph; reduced price.
$75 ; concert records. $1 50. Baclgalupt, 933 Mkt
SAFES— New and second hand; all sizes. THB
WALTZ SAFE. 109-111 Market gt. Pan Fran.
MISCELLANEOUS WAHTS.
AN Oliver typewriter wanted; state price. Ad-
dress box 40S3. Call offlce.
LADIES' and gents' cast-off clothing bought it
sold. Sllverman. 9S4 Folsom; tel. Folsom 1191.
KLEIN still pays best price for clothing, bric-
a-brac and books. 109 Sixth st. : tel. Jessie- 14L
IF you wish full value for your cast-off clothing
call on B. COHEN. 157 Third: tel. Black 4123.
MOXEY TO LOAN.
ANY amount at « per cent; 1st, 2d and 3d mort-
gages, undivided interest, real estate In pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
lay; get my terms before doing business else-
where. R. McCOLOAN. !? Montgomery, r. *.
ANY proposition, any amount; 6 per cent; first,
second mortgages, ejtatea In probate. Interest
in estates, legacies, corporation loans, chattel
mortgages, life insurance. Room 16. first floor.
Chronicle bldg. HALLORAN A QI_E.y.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store, 843 Marke/
>t.: tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third st.
ON furniture and pianos without removal :qulc_
•ervlce; money direct; lowest Interest Rooms
68 and 69, Donohoe (building. 1170 Market at
ON real estate. 1st and 2nd mortgages and on
furniture or pianos: no removal: any amount;
lowest rate. BECKER & CO.. 16 Montgomery.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds,
watches. Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL. 10 Sixth;
highest price for old gold, silver, diamonds.
AT 12S Kearny Bt., room 9. respectable prlvat*
place to borrow on watches, diamonds; lowest
rates; take elevator. Telephone Davis 935.
$S00.GO0 at 6 per cent in sums to suit in city; also
$150,000 on large ranches; also on second mort-
gages. R. J. MERCER & SON. 412 Pine St.
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
planes: no removal; low rates; confidential.
BONELLI, 301 Jones St.. corner Eddy.
MONEY loaned salaried people without security.
HILL. r. 44. Merchants' Ex.. 431 California.
OH furniture and pianos; no removal; confi-
dential; on diamonds, etc. 33 Taylor st
T^i sfilcLrlccl pcox*I® 'without security! &11 busl~
ness confidential. Tousley Co.. 821 Parrott big.
H. MURPHY, 630 Market st. solves all kinds of
financial problems; 2d mortgage*, estates, etc.
On furniture, pianos; 3 per cent per month; no
commission. Mrs. Wilson, rm. 101. 6 Eddy «t.
CASH loaned to salartsd people on note without
lndorser. MORRELL. 609 Examiner building.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal; no com-
mission; private. LICK, 116 McAllister st.
TO salaried people without collateral or ln-
rtorser. S. F. Discount Agency. 143 Phelan bl
PALMlSTItV.
NEERGAARD, president of St Germain Ctol-
lege of Palmistry, reads from 1 to 8. 611
G»»ary St.; also by mall.
PERSOSALa.
AS the day is different from the night so is
The Star Hair Remedy different from other
tonics & restorers. It Is reliable & may be de-
pended upon to restore gray and faded hair to
natural color; cure dandruff & itching scalp
stop falling, stow new hair; not a dye; no
discoloration of the scalp or linen; sold by
hairdressers and druggists. THE STAR
REMEDY. CO.. San Francisco. '
BON TON hairdresslng parlors; nicest place in
town; open all day Monday and Tuesday;
small prices. 324 Post St.. opp. Union gquara.
JULIANISM.
Scientific Healing.
519 Golden Gate are.
THE HUDSON RIVER CO., '
Mattresses and pillows made to order re-
covered and renovated; honest work guaran-
teed; prices defy competition: flne upholstery
phone S3C9; factory. 318 and 320 Eleventh st •
first-class cleaning and dyeing. MS O'FarrelL
near Powell. San Francisco. u
WHY SUFFER? ~~ "
Persona afflicted with Rheumatism (no mat-
ter of how long standing), or any other chronlo
disease, should call at once at the SAN3
BOUCI. 1409 Van Ness ave.— the up-to-date In-
stitution for treatment. We have 23 years'
experience. Charges reasonable.
ELECTRIC lights In every room— Winchester
Hotel, 44 Third St.. near Market: 700 rooms-
I5c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to $« per week :
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.'
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates- 18
years' experience. J. B. RAY. 357 Jessie' _t.
LEDERER'S Quintonica Hair Tonic beautifies
and softens the hair; 35c bot; try It.
SUITS to order on installments; $13 upward-
$1 a week. LEON LEMOS. 1117 Market «t
between Seventh and Eighth.
PILES— 300 permanent cures in San Francisco,
wno can be seen; no operation; no pain; par-
ttculars tent. Ad. Physician, box I960. Call.
A _-?^-2. r fifi ab^ J or MRS. DR.
FUNKE. 1416 Eighth St.. Alameda.
LEREDER sells more switches than any other
¦ house. Why? Price la right; %\ up
SUITS to order on easy payments. Art Tallor-
lng Co.. 1644 Mkt. under St. Nicholas HoteK
HAIR quickly curled or. waved by using Tal-
cgtt'g cnrtjpi fluldjJBo a bottle; awg&tj.
PERSOXALS.
O. LEDERER'S popular halrdresslng parlors;
open all day Monday and Tuesday. 122 Stock-
ton 3t.
WANTED— Old-fashioned stiver, brass, copper
ware; curios, all descriptions. 523 Dupont st.
ALFREDUM3 Egyptian Henna restores gray
hair to Us natural color; $1. at all druggists.
CAST-OFF clothing, old gold and sliver bought:
•end postal. COLEMAN'S. 506 Kearny st.
PHYSICIANS AXD SUUGEOXS.
DR. J. H. REEVE. 2S14 KearnyT cures~by elec^
trletty. Nervous Prostration. Insomnia, Asth-
ma. Rheumatism. Paralysis. Catarrh. Con-
sumption, Kidney and Inflammatory casea;
diseases diagnosed.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL— Offlce and residence.
1"21H Market st. . bet. Sixth and Seventh.
MTSICAt. IXSTRCMEXTS.
NO one contemplating; the purchase of a piano,
now or In the near future, can afford, to buy
until our large assortment of Deckers or
Packards has been examined. We are quot-
ing prices and tersjs more reasonable than
ever before offered on first-class goods. Tha
ZENO MACVAI3 Music Co.. 763 Maxket »t.
TWO carloads of Decker & Son baby grand*
and uprights, and Arlington uprights just ar-
rived and will be unloaded Tueaiay. Ther»
are many styles to select from and those par-
ties who are waiting for them can get "first
choice If they come early. We have a few
6-ood second-hand uprights left MAUVAI3
Music Co.. 763 Market st
-^NOUNCEAIENT— We have consolidated th»
San Francisco Music Company 223 Sutter St..
with our CFarrell-st. business and now
Bhow more goods in all lines than any other . M
house on the coast. Six floors of muslo aad 4_9
musical goods: pianos In endless variety and ?^
prices ranging from $73 to $300. Imperial
Symphonlon Musto Boxes. Guitars Violins.
Mandolins, Strings, Trimmings, Sheet Music.
etc.: enormous stock; lowest prices- cash or
Installments. BENJ. CURTAZ & SON H.
18 and 20 O"FarreU st.: Chickering agency.
ALL purchasers of pianos at SHERMAN CLAY
& CO.'S have the privilege cf exchanging for
a STEIN WAY any time with: a t_r»_ year-
and full purchase pries allowed; the best
makers of every grade to select from; beauti-
ful new uprights $6 cash. $3 per month; soma
good pianos for $3, $4 and $3 per month
SHERMAN. CLAY & CO.. STEINWA,
DEALERS, corner Kearny and Sutter sts..
Ban Francisco; corner Broadway and Thir-
teenth sts.. Oakland.
ATTENTION! THE ~~ ~
BYRON MAUZY PIANO FACTORY
Is now open for Inspection. Special reception
Tuesday. Visitors welcome.
SER A PIANO MADE
Have your old piano done* over. Look In our
window and se« the. $CC0O- gold nugset. Th<»
triumph of pianomalcer.' art 30S-3IO-313 Po_t
street.
SOHMETt AOENCT.
AT a discount, to establish our new location,
we will give 10 per cent off on pianos; some*
second-hand bargains; 3 Heine uprights. $3?7;
3 Stelnways. $193: 1 Chickering. 1163; 1 Ma-
son & Hamlln, $33n, and 2) other bargains:
Hal!«tt & Davis and » other makes. HEINE
PIANO CO.. 217 Geary st. near City of
Paris.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest houe*
west of Chica.T Is KOHLER & CHASE' 9.
26 2S and 20 O' Farrell st. : planoe. organs and
all other musical Instruments of all grade*
•nd prices: terms easy; prices lowest! •very-
thing possible don? to please and satisfy th»
customer.
A FEW of our bargains this -week: A fine
Etelnway. use<l short time; an elegant upright
three-pedal up t ¦¦> data piano, $170. Some ex-
tra good bargains In Har-man«. Dewtn?
Bros.. Chas« P.ros. THE J. DEWING CO.,
second floor. Flood building.
A CARLOAD fins new pianos Just stored wlt?t
us rrom Eastern factory at factory prices (and
rrelarht). cash or Installments; special for N.
fe. l». \\. WILsny Stnrage. 1710 Market st.
VIOLIN strings: never wet: best In the world;
making and repairing of all kinds of musical
Instruments. Carl C. Anderson. 417 Oary st. "A
A FORCED salo of ¦- a flna. uprl_ht piano!
'-PED-AL S»»!nway. perfect order. FtT
KEEFFE-s, S$) Mr»rV>t st.. het 5th and 6th.
GENTLEMAN leaving city will sacrifice et--
cant upright grand piano. 324 Golden Gats av.
BE In the swim; rent a new piano for $3 p-r
month. SCOTT-CURT A 7. rp.. iso Hayes st.
THE WILEY B. ALLKN CO.. 314 Post at.;
Hardman. Conover and other pianos.
BARGAIN— Good piano cheap; Installment U
per month. SCHMITZ. 13 McAllister st
W. G. BADGER. 412 Sacrament . Bt., agent for
Francis Bacon and Mallett & Ptvls pianos.
SUPERIOR violins, sither-. oli htA new. JT
MITLLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham p!arc
REDUCTION rale: new pianos: I.I ray-en'j-
for rent. $2 as. BRUENN. XT* Post sf.
A WEEK'S news for 5 rents— Th<i Week 1 :,' Call.
W pag»s. In wrapper, fv mailing, ft r*- vtr
OFFICES AND STORES TO IKT.
EMMA SPRE^KElF build! ng.^9^ Market^
Offices, light and sur.nv. $13 to $20 per month:
light, heat, janitor and visa of tel. Included.
TO rent— Modem store: well lighted; 25_U0;
rent r>n?i'naMi». i2* Havs rt.
REAL ESTATE CITY — FOR SALE.
FOR, sale cheap: business property on Howard
Bt., between Fourth and Fifth. Apply BEW
Drur Co., Alameda.
1225 BUSH— Nice, large residence: could be
turned Into flats: very sunny; 30x137:6; call.
MODERN houses built; lowest pries; plans and
estimates furnished. Campbell. 1H7 Mission.
MISSION cottage: S rooms and bath: large, lot:
terms to suit buyer. On t it 413 Kearny st.
n^ii^^^2^_r:9-?-V- x - TR y"~ For Sal< » a
ACCURATE personal knowledge— each of lh»l
J000 ranches on my SALE and EXCHANGE *
list. Mnre than, all ether agenta In this city.
N. D. SICKELS. the land agent. 6 Geary at.
FOR eale— About 3 acres of land, near Cokr.a.
San Mateo County. 445 Valencia st.
REAL. ESTATE TO EXCHANGE.
FOR sale or will exchange for lots In AJanieda"-
a choice new house of 3 rooms: will aasuma
some mortgage. Owner J. H. YOUNG 1212
Park St.. Alameda, Cal.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
BARGAINS in Improved and unimproved Ala-
meda real estate in all parts of Alameda on
easy terms. Alameda Land Company 1300
Park St.. Alampfla: y> Post st..San FrancUco.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
$2500 WILL build a new. complete, modem
house of 6 rooms; lot 50x123; Ashby ave., east
of Shattuck. J. H. YOUNG, Builder. Ala-
meda, Cal.
SAFE Investment for $75C0; bloclc of land favor-
ably located near coming Santa Fe Railroad.
Particulars C.WILLMOTT, 91S Market st.,S.F.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE-
$1730— MODERN Eastlake house of S large.
rooms, bay-window and brick foundation; lot
30x115 feet; handy to Adeline and Center sta
stations; very desirable neishborhooU- cost
$4700; a bigr bargain.
$1330 — Cozy modern Eastlako cottage of 4
rooms, bath, bay-window, high basement, hall,
brick foundation; lot 37:6x132 feet; nice garden-
sunny front; handy to San Pablo ave.; owner
In New York authorizes this sacrifice.- ble bar-
gain for cash.
$1600— A snap; fronts Market st; central lo-
cation; pair of flats, renting for $13; lot "6x107-
assessed for $1300; will carry $l_0o Insurance'
very desirable renting property; street work ali
done: title perfect; owner owes $300 and wishes
to sell.
$2759— Store and 3 rooms, down stairs. Cat of
5 rooms above; all In good condition; also rear
8-room cottage; will bring $30 per month rent*
big lot: electric cars In front; handy to local :
ca"sh Payment or discount for spot
JWOO-Rlght down town; residence of 8 rooms-
of the City Hall; a very choice ceutral location-
reduced for quick cash sale v - trutr '*' location,
GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO
IOCS Broadway, Oakland.
JliW-FINELY situated lot. 53x1 13. on north
DEN^"^i' 9t w ne Kr Tele sra P h ave. EEL-
PE.N & COOK. Washington and Fourteenth.
$C0O-Kxll0: NORTH side Thirteenth st.. near
Fourteent B h E sts EN & C °° K ' hi "^» «*
10 minutes walk to Fourteenth and Broad-
Fo a u y rtee E n^t F ; N & "^._ton an<y
* 2 V, l^-* :so CASH, balance flat; now
house, pore-lain bath an.l tiled sink; gas fix-
tures ana shades; cement walk.i: situate.!
£r_^T.' 0Ca ,l tr _ llns and car 1Ines - BELDE.V
IUUK. Washington and Fourtefnth sts.
FINE »-room residence In best location: front-
mg on city park; woeUl take lot or smaller
property or good country place In part pay-
ment BELDEM & COgK. Washinxton aa<J
rourteeoUx su , —Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey —
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide ls the same at both places.
Steamer Movements.
TO ARRIVE.
TO SAIL.
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early mornine tides are Riven In the left
hand column and the successive tides of th«
day In the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column gives the second tldr of
the day. the third time column the third tide
and the last or right hand column gives th«
last tide of the day. except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occurs. Tho heights
given are In addition to the soundings on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign ( — ) precedes the height,
and then the number given Is subtracted from
the depth Blven by the charts. The plane of
reference is the mean of the lower l»Wwnters.
San Francisco and vicinity— Cloudy or foggy
in the morning, fair during the day. Monday;
fresh west wind. O. H. WILLSON.
Local Forecast Official.
Northern California — Fair Monday, except
partly cloudy or fogiry along the coast; fresh
west wind.
Southern California— Fair Monday; light west
wind.
Nevada — Partly cloudy Monday.
Utah — Cloudy Monday, probably ¦with show
ers.
Arizona — Cloudy, probably with scattered
showers.
Conditions are favorable for fair ¦weather
Monday, except partly cloudy or foggy along
the central coast of California.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight, September 10, 1900:
The temperature has fallen in Northern Ari
zona and remained nearly stationary in other
districts.
Generally cloudy weather prevails over Wash
ington and Oregon and partly cloudy over Ari
zona and Utah. Dense fog is reportgd along
the Central California coast Light showers
are reported from Utah and in Western Wash
ington.
The pressure has fallen over the central Pa
cific Coast and plateau region.
FORECAST.
The following maximum temperatures were
reported from stations In California to-day:
Eureka 60 Independence 80
Mount TamalpaJs... 73 Sacramento SS
Los Angeles 76 San Luis Oblspo 72
Red Bluff 90jSan Diego 6S
Fresno SS I
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
65; minimum, 54; mean, 60.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
SAN FRANCISCO, Sept. 9-5 p. m.
(120th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
Weather Report.
A cycle race in midocean took place
some time ago on the Empress of Japan,
bound for Vancouver.
ARRIVED.
Sunday, Seotember 9.
Stmr Noyo, Johnson, 16 hours from Usal.
Stmr Geo Loomls, Bridgett. hours from
Ventura.
Stmr Gljwy, Leland, 23 hours from Moss
Landing.
Stmr Cleone. Madsen. 15 hours from Caspar.
Stmr City of Puebla, Jepsen. 57 hours from
Victoria and Puget Sound ports.
Stmr Alcatraz, Carlson, 45 hours from Port
Los Anzeles.
Ship Ueo Skolfleld, Swanson. 14 days from
Chlsnik Bay.
Bark Coalinca, Evans, 70 days from Caleta
Buena.
Schr Mary Etta, Anderson. 20 hours from
Bowens Landlns.
Schr Newark, Beck, 14 hours frost Bowens
Landing.
SAILED.
Sunday. September 9.
Btmr Scotia. Walvtr. Albion.
Stmr Alex Duncan, Guthrie, Amesport.
Stmr Coos Bay, Nopander, San Pedro.
Stmr Sequoia, Winkle, Fort Brass.
Stmr Navarro. Jensen, Bowens Landing.
Stmr Brunswick. Andresen. Eureka.
Stmr National City, Dettmers. .
Stmr Whltesboro. Olsen. .
Nor stmr Eidsvold, Schlyder, Port Arthur,
via Welhalwel.
Br stmr Robert Adamson. Morgan, Nanaimo.
Schr Glendale. Johnson, Tacoma.
Schr Beulah, Mitchell. .
Schr Fortuna. Lubertr, Eureka.
Schr Eliza Miller, Christiansen. .
Schr Corinthian. Korth, Bowens Tending.
Schr Reliance. Larsen. .
Schr Bender Brothers, Wetzel, Bowens Land
ing.
Schr Five Brothers, Jensen. Blhlers Point.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBO3, Sept 9. 10 p m— Weather
toggy. wind SW, velocity 12 miles.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
CHIGNIK BAY— In port, to sail Aug SO—
Bark Ferris S Thompson, for San Francisco.
PORT TOWNSEND— Passed up Sept 9 — Stmr
Ruth, from Dyea; stmr Cottage City, from
Dyea; stmr Queen, from Alaska: stmr Dirljro.
from Dyea, bark Mermaid, from Nome; brig
Geneva, from Nome.
Arrived Sept 9— Schr W H Talbot, from Hono
lulu.
COOS BAY— Sailed Sept 8— Schr General Ban
ning, for San Francisco.
Arrived Sept 8— Bktn Gardiner City, hence,
Aus 21.
ASTORIA— Arrived Sept 9— Br ship Semantha.
from Shanghai.
USAL— Arrived Sept 9— Stmr Newsboy, hence
Sept S.
TATOOSH— Passed In Sept 9— Ship Jabez
Howes, from Dutch Harbor, for Tacoma.
OCEAN STEAMERS,
LIZARD— Passed Sept 10. 12:35 a m— Stmr
Deutschland, from New York, for Plymouth,
Cherbourg and Hamburg.
Passed SeDt 10— Stmr Kaiser "Wilhelm der
Grosse, from New York, for Cherbourg, South
ampton an.l Bremen.
PLYMOUTH— Arrived Sept 10— Stmr Duetsch
land. from New York, for Cherbourg and Ham
burg, and proceeded.
NEW YORK— Arrived Sept 9— Stmr Mar
quette, from London; stmr Spartan Prince,
from Genoa and Naples: stmr Montserrat, from
Genoa, Barcelona and Cadiz.
OUEENSTOWN— Sailed Sept 9— Stmr Luca
nla. from Liverpool, for New York.
HAVRE— Sailed Sept 9— Stmr St Germain, for
New York.
SOUTHAMPTON— Arrived Sept 9— Stmr AI
ler. from New York, for Bremen, and proceeded.
PALACE HOTEL.
S* M Lane, Woodside
2 W Mier & w. Sacra
3 E Goodman Jr Napa
J R Thureson&w. Cai
S Dorn. . Berkeley
I B King, Sacramento
L E Stone, Santa Cruz
A W Nlcholls, Cal
Miss E Wood. Cal
I B Bassett, Ala
O Yale, Berkeley
J P Taylor Jr. Berkly
O XV Posey, Berkeley
E K Lenzarder, Wls
E Hardin, Nevada
A C Anderson, Chicago
J F Boyd. Cal
J J Jenkins, Los A
J Buhfant. New York
F O Carmack, N Y
Mrs F H Corant, Mich
Miss Marx, Detroit
P H Shiner, New York
L H Levy&w, Fresno
C Roth, Ohio
J M Lane, Cal
E Fresise, Chicago
J H Kahn, S A
G S Melone, Stockton
G W Grass", New York
J G Jones&w, Redding
H W Earle. Stockton
L W Simpson, Fresno
Mrs L W Simpson, do
J W Woodrow, Sacra
F W TruH&w. Vallejo
J Franklin, New York
A B Shoemate, Mdetto
J M Watthall, Cal
W E DeGroot, Los A
H H Henderson, L A
Nap Smith. Merced
P H Goodwin. New Yk
3 E Peters, Cal
S Tustin, Cal
Mrs T T Williams. Cal
Miss Williams. Cal
ft E Lyons, New York
F M Rigley. B C
C R Argues, San Jose
H Lion, San Jose
Mrs. K C Cassity, Cal
A C Bingham, Cal
H G Cave, Marysville
I H Ironside, San Jose
Mrs G E Goodman Jr
Marie Goodman, Napa
H Wachs, Oak
Mrs R E Ross, Pasa
E N Stevens, Sacra
E P Crane & w. Sacra
L J Grover. Hayward&
A C Harmon, Hayrds
Mrs J O Derr, Stocktn
A H Natfzger. L A
J F Miller & w. Oak
W H Turner, Merced
P L McDermott, N Y
T F Stevenson. Pa
F E Cross. London
G B Lovdal. Sacra
H Krug Jr & w. Mo
W P Tyler & w, N Y
S C Lindsay. Ohio
T J Kirk, Sacramento
E S Rowley, L A
W H Greenbag. Sacra
G G Manasse&w. Napa
M E Darley. San Jose
fJRA7Cr» TTOTTTT.
E T Frazer & w. Sacto
Mrs A Foster. Cal
Misses Foster. Cal
L M Davis. N Y
XV S Durkee. N Y
F Coleman & w. Cal
Mrs Williams & d, Cal
J C Kellogg, Chlco
E J Dow, Seattle
D Hollister. Courtland
Dr J Blodgett. Lodl
H Barber & w, Lodl
H Isaacs. L Ang
E A Meserve. L Ang
J Crandall, Omoha
A E Carroll, Riverside
W Dunlap. Redlands
S Maier & w, L Ang
A Harrell, Bakersneld
N Watts. S Diego
G F Harrell. Merced
H I Lightner, Sacto
A L Nichols. Chico
F R Remele. Sacto
A Brownstein. L Ang
E H Roth Cal
J Balllnser, S Jose
Mrs Ballinger, S Jose.
S D Bolton, St Louis
P Carroll & w. Oakld
T Tridel. Stenter
N Powelson, Chicago
J W Jones, Colusa
A Stevenson. Stanford
A McGllvray, Stanfrd
D Collier, Stanford
F MeCollum. Salinas
I Porter & w, Salinas
J Browner. Salinas
J Pattee Jr St. w. Cal
C Holllster, Courtland
E Berwick. Monterey
Miss Berwick. Montry
E Smallwood & w, Cal
R I Kerr, Jackson
F Mauiicio & w, Cal
C Hesseman & w. Oak
F Jones & f. Fresno
C Mooten & w. Chicgo
Bessie McBride, Etna
Maude Mariner. Cal
Mrs Osborne, Eldrdge
Miss Blorden. Eldrldge
Mrs Lantz. Tooeka
H B Lantz. Topeka
Mr* McCormick. Cal
Mrs Minon. Cal
J Rummelburg, Cal
NEW WESTE
N E Speer, Jackson
H Smith & w, Jackson
A P Davis, Red Point
H M Dormody, Gr Vail
S C Carter. Los Ang
W B Goetz, Los Ang
P J McCarty, Los Ang
R F Blakely & w, Cal
O L Blakely, Cal
Mrs C Jones & sons,
Merced
Miss A Arrelans. Ogdn
G Mllbank Jr. Sta Ros
E Martin. Sta Rosa
W H Daniel & w, la
E J Brul & s. Corning
F W Lentz. Va
J'A Bean, Chlco
Mrs Gay, Fresno
MiEs Buell, Fresno
G Kellar & w. Woodld
G A Fitch & w, Portld
A B Ferrel & w. Or
H A White.. Modesto
W H McWilliams & w,
Modesto
R Nelson. San Jose
Miss E Nelson. Sn Jose
Miss A Gedder. Cal
Miss E A Condon. Cal
S P Worstell. Fresno
F J Schultz & f. Cal
2RN HOTEL.
J M Rogers, Sn Juan
C Inhams, San Juan
F Wilson, Reno
C J Smith, Rio Vista
A Osterman & w, Tex
G Thompson & w, Cal
C P Stedman, El Dor
R A Iswald. Los Ang
A Sylvester, Napa
J Quinn, New York
W E Reaves, Salt Lake
F Allen & w, Newark
I> V Tasal, Auburn
J H Allison. Crockett
T E Reed, Sharon
W H James, Carson
R James Carson
M Viera, w & s. Cal
W McBalley, Cornwall
J H Coulter, Cornwall
W Smyth, Carson
M Muldoon, Carson
G W Klein. Wash
M Schmidt. Los Gatos
W Dron. Walnut Grve
Mrs J B Merrill, Cal
Mrs J H Irwln. Ls An
Mrs I J Cody, Ls Ang
Mrs A B Jewett. L An
W T Harker & w. Cal
Miss B Cramson, Cal
HOTEL ABBIVALS.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 10, 1900.
Shipping Intelligence.
11
MONDAY. SEPTEMBER 10.
Sun rises 5:47
Sun sets 6:26
Moon rises 7:01 p. m.
b Time Time Time Time
* Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
«L,W HW LW HW
10 ... 6:35 1.1 12:05 5.6 8:09 0.4 F
H W L W H W LWI
It ... 0:46 5.2 6:14 1.5 12:43 5.7 6:59' 0.2
12... 1:46 4.9 6:57 2.0 1:24 5.7 7:5S 0.2
13 ... 2:51 4.5 7:41 2.5 2:08 5.S 9:02 0.3
14... 4:03 4.2 8:35 3.0 3:0S! 5.5110:14 0.2
13 ... 5:19 4.1 9:44 3.2 4:001 5.41 11:26 0.2
16... 6:S5| 4.2 11:081 3.3| 5:08! 5.2| I
Steamer.
I
Prom.
Due.
Wellington .... Oyster Harbor Sep. 10
Ban Mateo Nanatmo Sep. 10
Honita Newport _. 8<»p. 10
Warfleld Oyster Harbor |Sep. 11
Australia Honolulu Sep. IX
Newbur* Grays Harbor Sep. 11
Mackinaw Seattle Sep. It
Eureka Humboldt Sep. 11
Lakm« Seattle Sep.- 12
Del Nort© ...... Portland Sep. 12
Columbia Portland Sep. 12
Santa Roia San Diego Sep. 12
San Juan....... Panama Sep. 1?
Pomona Humboldt Sep. 13
Point Arena.... Point Arena Sep.' U
Crescent City.. Crescent City Sep. U
Coos Bay Newport Sep. 14
Nippon Mnru.. China and Japan Sep. 14
Walla Walla .. Victoria Sep. 14
Titanla Nanalmo Sep. 14
Empire Coos Bay Sep. 14
Corona San Dlero...... Sep. 18
Steamer. Destination. Sails. Pier.
State of Cal Portland Sep. 10. 11 am Pier 24
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena.. Sep. 10. 3 pm Pier 3
Corona San Diego Sep. 10. 11 am Pier 11
Pomona ... Humboldt..... Sep. 10. 2 pm Pier 9
North Fork Humboldt Sep. 12, 9 am Pier 3
Arcata .... Coos Bay Sep. 12, 12 m Pier 13
Bonlta Newport _ Sep. 12. 9 am Pier It
Eureka Humboldt. Sep. 12. 10 am Pier IS
City Puebla Vic & Pgt Sd. Sep. 13. 11 am Pier »
Santa Kosa San Diego..... Sep. 14. 11 am Pier 11
Columbia .. Portland — .. Sep. 15, 11am Pier U
Doric China &Japan Sep. IS. 1 pm PMSS
Del Norte.. Portland Sep. 15
Xewburg .. Grays Harbor Sep. 15
Cooi Bay.. Newport. ...... Sep. 16, 9 am Pier 11
Sails.
I Pier.
Steamer. Destination. Sails. Pier.
State of Cal Portland Sep. 10. 11 am Pier 24
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena.. Sep. 10. 3 pm Pier 3
Corona San Diego Sep. 10. 11 am Pier 11
Pomona ... Humboldt..... Sep. 10. 2 pm Pier 9
North Fork Humboldt Sep. 12, 9 am Pier 3
Arcata .... Coos Bay Sep. 12, 12 m Pier 13
Bonlta Newport _ Sep. 12. 9 am Pier It
Eureka Humboldt. Sep. 12. 10 am Pier IS
City Puebla Vic & Pgt Sd. Sep. 13. 11 am Pier »
Santa Kosa San Diego..... Sep. 14. 11 am Pier 11
Columbia .. Portland — .. Sep. 15, 11am Pier U
Doric China &Japan Sep. IS. 1 pm PMSS
Del Norte.. Portland Sep. 15
Xewburg .. Grays Harbor Sep. 15
Cooi Bay.. Newport. ...... Sep. 16, 9 am Pier 11
Sails.
I Pier.
Steamer.
I
Prom.
Due.
Wellington .... Oyster Harbor Sep. 10
Ban Mateo Nanatmo Sep. 10
Honita Newport _. 8<»p. 10
Warfleld Oyster Harbor |Sep. 11
Australia Honolulu Sep. IX
Newbur* Grays Harbor Sep. 11
Mackinaw Seattle Sep. It
Eureka Humboldt Sep. 11
Lakm« Seattle Sep.- 12
Del Nort© ...... Portland Sep. 12
Columbia Portland Sep. 12
Santa Roia San Diego Sep. 12
San Juan....... Panama Sep. 1?
Pomona Humboldt Sep. 13
Point Arena.... Point Arena Sep.' U
Crescent City.. Crescent City Sep. U
Coos Bay Newport Sep. 14
Nippon Mnru.. China and Japan Sep. 14
Walla Walla .. Victoria Sep. 14
Titanla Nanalmo Sep. 14
Empire Coos Bay Sep. 14
Corona San Dlero...... Sep. 18
MONDAY. SEPTEMBER 10.
Sun rises 5:47
Sun sets 6:26
Moon rises 7:01 p. m.
b Time Time Time Time
* Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
«L,W HW LW HW
10 ... 6:35 1.1 12:05 5.6 8:09 0.4 F
H W L W H W LWI
It ... 0:46 5.2 6:14 1.5 12:43 5.7 6:59' 0.2
12... 1:46 4.9 6:57 2.0 1:24 5.7 7:5S 0.2
13 ... 2:51 4.5 7:41 2.5 2:08 5.S 9:02 0.3
14... 4:03 4.2 8:35 3.0 3:0S! 5.5110:14 0.2
13 ... 5:19 4.1 9:44 3.2 4:001 5.41 11:26 0.2
16... 6:S5| 4.2 11:081 3.3| 5:08! 5.2| I
UNITED UNDERTAKERS.
?: and n Fifth et. Tel. South 167.
ITKEBAL EIBECT033 AND EMBALXE33.
Finest Equipment at Moderate Rates.
fflcAVOV <fc CO.. I
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALMERS. I
1238 Market it. between Sth and Sth. j
Telephone South 247. 9
(Successors to Flannagan A Gallagher*.
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EM11ALMERS,
20 Fifth tl.. opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South SO.
liLNRY J. GALLAGHER CO..
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
\ Steamers leave Broadway
ft>. wharf, San Francisco:
IS»^- For Alaskan Ports — 11 a.
t%? *fc2SV *" • September 8, 13. IS. 23.
1\>*i!wV?P»v ;s - Oct - 3 - Change to Com-
lAEpilSkli pany's steamers at Seattle.
KjrJSSjKU V^l For Victoria. Vancouver
fS'4£^«*A1 <B. C). Port Townsend. Se-
attle. Tacoma. Everett. Ana-
"' cortea and New Whatcom
"** * (Wash.) — 11 a. m.. September
8, 13, 18. 23, 28, Oct. 8, and every nfth day
thereafter. Change at Seattle to this com-
pany's steamers for Alaska and G. X. R'y; at
Seattle or Tacoma to N. P. R'y; at Vancouver
to C. P. R'y.
For Eureka, Humholdt Bay — i p. m.. Sep-
tember 10. 15, 20. 25, 30, Oct. 5, and every fifth
day thereafter.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey. San Simeon. Cayu-
cos. Port Harford (San Luis Oblspo), Oavlota.
Santa Barbara, Ventura. Hueneme. San Pedro.
East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and Newport— 9
a. m.. September 8. 12. 16, 20, 24, 28, Oct. 2,
and every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diegro. stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Obispo), Santa Barbara. Port
Los Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles) — 11
a. m.. September 6. 10. 14. 18. 22, 28. 10, Oct.
4. and every fourth day thereafter.
For Ensenada. Masdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan, Altata, La Paz. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mexico) — 10 a. m., 7th of each
month.
For further Information obtain company's
folders.
The company reserves th» right to change
steamers, sailing dates and hours of sailing
TICKET OFFICE* —4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS A CO.. Gen. Arenta.
10 Market St., San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Spear-street Wharf, at 11 A. M.
CADC $12 First Class Including Berth
IMiiL $8 Second Class and Meals.
STATE OF CALIFORNIA sails
Sept. 10. 20. *)
COLUMBIA sails Sept. S. 15. 23. Oct. 5
Short line to Walla Walla. Spokane. Butte.
Helena and all points ln the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C, WARD, General Agent.
<30 Market st.
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO..
Superintendents.
TOYO KISEN KAISBA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m..
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers tor In-
dia, etc. No cargo received oa board on day
of sailing.
SS. NIPPON MARU
Saturday. September 22, 1900
SS. AMERICA MARU.. Wednesday, Oct. 17^1900
SS. HONGKONG MARU Tues., Nov. 1SJ1900
Via Honolulu.
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's offlce.
421 Market street, corner of First.
W. H. AVERT, General Agent.
AMERICAN LINE.
tlW TORK. SODTaAM PT0W. 10HD03. TAH1X
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New Tork Every Wednesday, 10 a. m.
New Tork Sept. 19 New Tork Oct. 10
St. Paul Sept. 2C St. Paul Oct 17
St. Louis Oct. 3 St. Louis Oct. 24
RED STAR LINE.
New York and Antwerp.
From New Tork Every Wednesday, 12 noon.
Kensington ....Sept 19|Southwark Oct. 10
Noordland Sept. 26 Westernland Oct. 17
Friesland Oct. 31 Kensington Oct- 24
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO
SO Montgomery Street.
20MFA0NIE GENERAL** TRAN3ATLANTIQCE.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. - -
Sailing every Thur*day. Instead of
Saturday, from November 2, 1899, at wKAJMjg
10 a. m., from Pier 42, North River, foot of
Morton street. -LA BRETAGNE. Sept. 13: LA
LORRAINE. Sept. 20; LA CHAMPAGNE. Sept.
27; LA TOURAINE. Oct. 4. First class to
Havre, $82 50 and upward. Second class to
Havre. $35 and upward: 5 per cent reduction
on round trip. GENERAL AGEN'CT FOR
UNITED STATES and CANADA. S2 Broadway
(Hudson building). New Tork. J. F. FUGAZI
& CO.. Pacific Coast Agents. S Montgomery
'avenue. San Francisco. - * -..
OCEANIC S. S. CO.-HONOLULU, APIA
AUCKLAND AND SYDNEY.
8. S. AUSTRALIA (Honolulu only)
Wednesday, Sept. \\ 2 p. m.
5. S. MOANA (via Honolulu) to Ne\* Zea-
land and Australia Wed.. Oct 3, 9 p. m.
J. D. SPRECKELS h BROS. CO.. Agts.. 643 Market St
Pier 7. Foot Pacific St Freight Office. 327 Market St
BAY AND RIVER STEAMERS.
Steamer "'Montlcello."
MON.. Tues.. Wed.. Thurs. and Sat. at 9:45
a. m., 3:15. 8:50 p. m. (ex. Thurs. night); Fri-
days. 1 p. m. and 8:30: Sundays, 10:30 a. rn.. S
p. rn. Landing and office. Mission-street Dock.
Pier No. 2. Telephone Main 1503.
FARE 80c
y^ "^ Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
jLtf^(>2«1 UEABXlr ST. Established
§SfMra£a ln J"3-»for the treatment of Private
|JSLjL*t-©sf Dlsenaee, Loot Manhood. Debility or*-
le^S*TO* di^eaap wearing on body and mlnG and
«K%g8fcT?57i *kln Diseases, lhe doctorcureswhen
others falL Try htm. Charge* low
fc*€&S(S8£*S<'nr<-«Kanr»nt4»e1. Callorwrltft
Or. J. *v t>IBUO.V, JBox'l«S7.&aQ Praaciaco
RAILROAD TRAVEL!
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY.
Leave San Francisco via Sausallto Ferry:
WEEK DATS. ...9:30 a. m. f 1:45 and 6:15 p. m.
SUNDATS...8. 9. 10, 11 a. m.. 1:30 and J:30 p. m.
Fare San Francisco to Summit and return, %l 40.
NEW TAVERN OF TAMALPAIS NOW OPEN-
TICKET OFFICES 6a MAJUTET ST.. i
SAUSAUTO FEBRX
Olive Verkouteren to Theodore' Perez and
Flerro F. Cussac, lot on SE corner of Thirty-
Ezeklel and Louisa C. Wilson to A. Miles
Taylor, lot on SW corner of Tacoma street and
Fifteenth avenue, W 120 by S 25; $10.
George ' Tourny to Laura P. and Louis J.
Harrison, lot on SE line of Mission street. 12.">
SW of Seventh, SW 25 by SE 76. quitclaim
deed; ?10.
Ferdinand E. Hesthal to William J. Hesthal,
lot on SE corner of Greenwich and Jones
streets. E 22:6 by S 60: $3000.
Estate of Juan M. Agulrre (by Peter A.
Apulrre, executor) to R. M. Agrulrre. lot on-E
line of Powell street, 117:2 S of Broadway, S
20:4 by E 98:6; also lot on E lino of Powell
street. 9«:10 S of Broadway. S 20:4 by E 98:6;
also lot on E line of Powell street, 65 8 of
Broadway. S 31:10 by E 95; $7000.
Eugene Kelly to Josephine G. Kelly, lot on
SW corner of Eighteenth and Guerrero streets,
W J0O by S 90; $10.
Ursula, Carl and Bertha Hauser to Hermann
Hauser, lot on N line of Sixteenth street, 97 E
of Howard. E 2S by N 110; $3.
Estate of Richard H. Plummer (by Belle H.
Plummer. executrix) to Mary E. McHugh (wife
of Peter J.). lot on S line of 'Washington street,
155:7»,4 W of Cherry, W 66:0^4. S 48:6, E 65, N
67:7H: $1250.
Belle H. Plummer to same, game, quitclaim
deed; $1.
Laura H. Blake to Otto T. Hlldebrecht. lot
on E line of Belvedere street. 135 N of Fred-
erick. N 25 by E 121:10%; J10.
Otto T. Hlldebrecht to Elizabeth T. Hllde-
brrcht, same; gift.
Rebecca Carson to Marcus A. Delfs, lot on
S line of Linden avenue, 110 E of Octavia, E
27:6 by S 50; $1000.
John Brown to Mary A. Brown, lot on N line
of Turk street, 107:6 E of Franklin. E 30 by N
120; Eift.
Amerlco and Angela Suaccl to Angelo De-
vlncenzi. lot on 8 line of Vallejo »t., 137-6 B
of Montgomery, E 36 by S 67:6; $10.
John ThomDBOn to Marie Klein, lot on NW
line of Natoma street. 150 NE of Seventh NE
25 by NW 75. quitclaim deed: $10.
Charles F. R. and Marie Klein (Von Barren)
to Hugh and Bridget Boylan, same; $10.
Mary J. Wadsworth to Frederick E and Mary
E. Wadsworth. lot on W line of Mississippi
street. 27:3 S of Solano, N 71 deg. 36 min W
1.07 chains, N 69 deg. 18 min. XV 4.97 chains
S 16 dez. 57 mln. W 2.24 chains, S 15 deir'
30 min. W 8.10 chains, S 71 deg. 46 mln R
7.51 chains. N 17 deg. 9 mln. E 10.26 chains,
also lot on SW corner of Solano and Mississippi
streets. W 100 by S 200; also lot on NW cor-
ner of Butte and Texas streets. W 100 by N
200; also lot on E line of Texas street. 103 S of
Butte. S 100, SE 81:7, NE to point, XV to be-
ginning; $1.
Cecelia Fox to Rosetta Fox. lot on N line of
Perry street, 197:6 NE of Third, NE 20 by NW
80; $10.
Catherine Burrls, Margaret Devan and Ellen
Marceau (all nee Fox) to same, same; $10.
Rosetta Fox to Sarah E. Griffin (widow),
same; $10.
Marcaret Devan (Fox), Michael F.. Mary,
Sarah, Rosetta and Arthur Fox and Catherine
Burrls (Fox) to Cecelia Fox. lot on N line of
Perry street, 197:6 NE of Third, NE 20 by NW
80 and property outside of county; *10.
Louis Metzser to Lewis P. and Caroline L.
Meaney, lot on E line of Bryant avenue, 55
N of Twenty-second. N 30 by E 100; $10.
Dorothea and Heinrlch Landschnelder to
George and Mary Hotte, lot on E' line of Mis-
sion street. 220 N of Twenty-fifth, N 40 by E
115; |10.
Annie E. Early to Catherine C. Wright and
Norah Callathan undivided one-half Interest
ln lot on S line of Lombard street, 818 \>>* W
cf Fillmore. E 43:5>,4, S 120. W 6S:8, NE 121: $K
Charles .T. Linder to David Emerson, lot on
E line of Shrader street, 125 Jf of Frederick
N 25 by E 134:8',i; $10. —*
Jennie G. Stanyan to Charles H. and Jennie
H. Stanyan, undivided one-half Interest In the
following: Lot on NW corner of Bush and
Buchanan streets, N 137:6 by W 137:6; also lot
on W line of Prospect place, 67:6 N of Sacra-
mento street. N 40 by W E6; also lot on 8 line
of Bush street, 137:6 W of Laguna, S 137:6 by
E 25; also lot on S line of Sacramento street,
137:6 E of Van Ness avenue, E 91:6 by S 127:8;
also lot on S corner of First avenue and N
street, SE 50 by SW 200. lot 16, block 24, tide
lands; also lot on W corner of Second avenue
and K street. SW 200 "by NW 130, lot 28, block
45, same; also lot on SW corner of Geary and
Buchanan streets, W £6 by 8 95; also lots 377,
'79 to 3S6, 456 to 461, Gift Map 3; also undi-
vided one-twelfth Interest ln lot commencing
10 chains W from NE corner TCW quarter sec-
tion 1. township 2 south, range 6 W, thence
S to Lobos Creek, thence along creek to Pacific
Ocean, NE to a point 7 chains N from tide
land of townships 1 and 2 south, range 6 \V,
thence due E to point due N from point of
beginning. S 7 chains; and property outside of
county; gift.
W. S. Morrow to Home Investment Associa-
tion, lot on S line of Broadway, loo W of
Gcugh, W 44 by S 120. quitclaim deed; $10.
O. Howard Thompson to eame, same, quit-
claim deed; $10.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
zir Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 1 o'clock, from the parlors of
McAvoy & Co., 1233 Market street, between
Eighth\and Ninth, thence to Sacred Heart
Church' for services. Interment private in
Mount Calvary Cemetery.
HOFFMAN — In Alameda, September 9, 1900.
Ernestine Hoffman, a native of France, aged
7* oreara.
HURLEY— In th» City and County Hospital.
September 9. 19<v>, Julia Hurley, a native of
Ireland, affed 63 years.
CT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday*, at 8:30 o'clock, from the undertak-
ing parlors of Beaudry * McAvoy, S7S Wash-
ington street, thence to Sacred Heart Church,
where a requiem mass will be celebrated for
the reoose of her soul, commencing at 9
o'clock. Interment St. Mary's Cemetery.
FORD— In this city. September 8. 1900. John
Ford, beloved father of Mrs. John, Olsen. a
native of County Roscommon, Ireland, aged
§0 vears. * / .
E^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from the undertaking
parlors of Alton Brown. 466-46S Thirteenth
street, Oakland, Cal.
FITZGEHALD- In Oakland. September 8. 1900.
Mary, beloved wife of Maurice Fitzgerald,
and sister of Patrick Murnane, a native of
County Kerry, Ireland.
(C^Friends and acquaintances- are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 20 Devlsadero street, between Thir-
teenth and Waller. Interment I. O. O. F.
Ometerj .
CIIOFS-In Oakland. September 9. 1900. John C.
Crocs. hu!:band of Mary A. Cro*>s. and father
of Wilson A.. John E.. George H., Robert J.,
Charles M.. Sadie, Charlotte M. and Lillian
E. Cross, a native of Illinois, aged 62 years
and 6 monthe.
u 'lay?.
CAMPE— In thin city. September 9, 1900, Henry,
dearly beloved hu?band of Ellse Campe, father
V.f Harry M. Camp*. Mr?. H. Segelken, Mrs.
J. H. liarrje and Mamie. Clara and George
(¦amiw, and brother of John and Kred Campe
an<1 Mtb. C. Dunker, a native of Sandstedt,
Hnnnver, Germany, aged 64 years 6 months
an<l S days. (New York papers please copy.)
(^Funeral from his late residence, 336
South Fifth street, San Jo*e, at 9:30 o'clock,
thrnc* to St. Patrick's <"hurch. Frirnds and
acquaintances are respectfully Invited to at-
tend without further notice.
CONBOV— In this city. September 9. 1900, at
th? parents' residence. 701 Florida street.
Wineford E., beloved daughter of John and
Mary Conhoy. and sister of John, Willie. Ma-
mie." James. Joseph and Marffuertte Conboy, a
native of San Francisco, aged 4 months and
E^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
'Tues/lay), at 2 o'clock, from the funeral par-
Ion« of Charles H. Jacob & Co., 31S Mason
street, between O'Farrell and Geary. Crema-
tion I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
Bl'RNS-In the City and County Hospital.
September 8, 1900, Thomas W. Burns, a na-
tive of Ireland, aged 64 years.
BI'RT— In this city. September 9. 1900, Beatrice
E. Burt, beloved daughter of Thomas N. and
Catherine Burt. a native of California, aged
3 years 3 month3 and 27 days.
COLAHAN— In San Jose, September 8, 1900,
Jr.hn T. Colahan, beloved husband of Wini-
fred Colahan, and father of Mrs. C. E. Chis-
holm of Oakland, a native of Cumberland,
JId., aged Cl years and 7 months.
APAMS — In this city. September S. ITtOO. Eliza
Pearl Adams, beloved mother of the late Vol-
ney P. Adams, and trandmother of Orivin
Adams, a native of Battle Creek, Mich., aged
Co years 11 months and 13 days. (Los Ange-
les an.l Michigan papers please copy.)
DIED.
Adams. Eliza P. Johnston. Margaret
Burns. Thomas W. Kaisln. Kmlle
Burt. Beatrice E. Lynch. James J.
Colahan. John T. Maxwell. C L.
Conboy, Wineford E. Neilson, Christina
Campe. Henry Peters, Margarethe
Cross. John C. B. W.
Fitzgerald, Mary Rlx. Mrs. V. A. /
Ford. John Rosenbohm. Margaret
Hoffman, Ernestine Stevens. Martin V.
Hurley. Julia Tennis. Margaret
Jeffers. William M. Zink. Fredolin
Johnson, Annie C. M.
MARRIED.
McCLOSKEY-ROGERS-In this city, August
». IKO, by tho Rev. Father Keane of St. Jo-
seph's Church, Frank McOIoskey and Annie
M. Risers.
BORN.
CADANIPP— In this city, September 9. 1300, to
the wife of George H. Cabaniss, a eon.
SULLIVAN— la this city, September 7, 1900, to
the wife of William I). Sullivan, a son.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mai! will r.nt be inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BIRTHS — MARRIAGES — DEATHS.
PROPOSALS will be received hy Reid Bros.,
ciaus Spr*ckels bids., f r T delivering 1500 cu.
yards, mere or less, pood earth on site W. G
Irwin's residence, cor. Washington A- Laguna
SAN FRANCISCO. Cal.. September 3. 1900.—
Sealed proposals, in duplicate, will be re-
celvefl here, until 12 o'clock m. , Thursday,
fer'tember 13, 1900, for furnishing, during Sep-
tember Bnd October, I? 1 ."}, oats, barley, hay.
and hay for bedding, at Presidio of San
Francisco. Cal. Government reserves right to
reject or accept nny and all bids, or any
part thereof. Preference given to articles of
American production, conditions of price and
quality (including in the price' of foreign pro-
ductions the duty thereon) beisg equal, and
fuch rrrference piven to articles of Ameri-
can production produced on the Pacific Coast
to extent of consumption required by the
public service there. Information furnished
on aprlic.itinn to J. M. MARSHALL, Chief
Quartermaster.
PROPOSALS for clothing and equipage— Depot
Quartermaster's office. 36 New Montgomery
st., San Francisco. Cal.. August 2S, 1900—
Scaled proposals, in triplicate, will be re-
ceived at this offlce until 11 o'clock a. m
September 12, 1900. Pacillc standard time, and
then opened, for furnishing Campaign Hats.
Black Calfskin Shoes. Russet Shoes, Stock-
ings, Undershirts, Legging Laces, Black
Hats, Waist Belts, Letters Sent and Re-
ceived Books, Corn Brooms. Hatchets and
Helves. Camp Kettles. Pickaxes and Helves,
.Shovels. Long and Short Handled; Spades.
Shelter Tent Poles. Petroleum Paper. Wrap-
ping Paper. Tailor's Crayons and Mattress
Covers. Preference will be given to articles
of domestic production and manufacture, con-
ditions of price and quality being equal (in-
cluding ln the price of foreign production and
manufacture the duty thereon), and such pref-
erence will be given to articles of American
production and manufacture produced on the
Pacific CoaFt. to the extent of the consump-
tion required by the public service there. The
1'nited States reserves the right to accept or
re.iect nny or all proponll or any part there-
of. Information and War.ks for proposals will
be furnished on application. Envelopes con-
taining: proposals trill be endorsed "Propo-
sals. No. 6f63." and addressed to Major OS-
CAU F. LONG. Quartermaster, U. S. Vcls.,
Deport Quartermaster.
PROPOSALS lnvited-Bids for providing and
installing a sewage pumping plant for the
Folsom prison, practically conforming to spec-
ifications now on file with the State Board of
Prison Directors and State Board of Exam-
iners will be received by said respective
k.ianls at the ofhee of the Board of Exam-
ln<rs in the State Capitol, Sacramento, Cal.,
until 2 o'clock p. m. of October 6. 1900, at
which time they will be publicly opened. The
right to reject any or all bids Is reserved.
Copies of specifications may be obtained from
the clerk of the board at Folsom prison.
Kach bid must be accompanied by a certi-
fied check for 12000 drawn on seme bank of
good standing to the order of R. M. Fitzger-
ald, president State Board of Prison Direc-
tors, which check shall be forfeited to the
State if the bid which accompanies such
check ls accented and the party making the
bid refuses to enter Into a contract and exe-
cute a good and sufficient bond, payable to
the Btste of California, ln an amount to be
fixed by the State Board of Prison Directors.
for the faithful i>erformance of the contract
awarded. By order of the State Board of
Prison Directors.
BRAINARD F. SMITH. Clerk of the Board.
PROPOSALS.
DIVIDEND Notice— Dividend No. 19 vSOc per
thare) of the Paauhau Sugar Plantation
Company, will be payable at the offlce of the
company, 3^7 Market et., on and after Wed-
nesday, September 12, 1900. Transfer books
close on Tuesday, September 4. 1900. at 3 p. m.
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
DIVIDEND notice— The Giant Powder Com-
pany. Con. A dividend. No. 21, of seventy-
five cents (75c) per share on the Issued capital
stock of the company has been declared, pay-
able at the office of the company, 430 Cali-
fornia st., San Francisco, en September 12,
1S00. Transfer books close September 5. 1900,
at noon. A. A. SPARKS. Secretary.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OAKLAND REAL. ESTATE.
new ?T!77!7^T"
homes ;.;;;;
i'ok - -
NEW LE : '-" ::: -
HOMES ."."!""
FOR **
6ALE •'•'"'••••
HOMES
• roii ....".
SALE '.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.
$4.Vtt ."77TTT. $i;oo
THE PAYMENTS are tSM*to*fioM*dOTrn, bal-
ance on mortgage at bank Interest, will buy a
home on Te!egraj'h ave.. .
THE HOCSE is finl?hed in hardwood 'oak
°" C 2Z. iain f 7 roont!t - l '*th. laundry and clos-
ett. The plumbing is all oj>en nickel plated.
.ain bath and wash trays
?'p p * KKS of thc ****** i ; atVeVn: :::::::
1>EAM CEILING and brick mant.l ln the
larpt-. commodious dining-room
, TH .*r LOT w 1? 4Ox13 ' if * u On lh « west Ride
« Ttle^raih ave. Send or call at our offlce
*or rurth< r information on this or other places
A. J. BXTDER & CO..
lleal Estate.
467 Ninth st.. Oakland.
OAKLAND 1IOISKS TO LET.
S3f'-PRIVATE rwrcrr^^IsZ^rr^mTrnelr
Telegraph ave. ar.<l handy to narivw gaage;
£->r%d condition.
$4'V-In Qm-daaa condition and neighbor-
rood; house of S rooms; handy to narrow
t-aupe.
? We have lot? o f nther place*.
Ste GEO. W. AUSTIN * CO..
The Il3use Renters.
•"fli Broadway. Oakland.
OAKLAXU KlI'MTlTllV: KOIt SALeT
AN introduction to you from H. SehellhaasT the
f'^r;i:ture dealer. 11th r.n.1 Franklin. Oakland.
FOR UOCSBKBEPIXG.
•-"LAY. 2421. near FUlmore— 2 larpe unfurnished
rooms; ui>r*>r fiat: y;ir.i: water; rear; rent $7.
i'i-i:MENTINA. :.: - furnished rooms; house-
Ke*>pir:p; couple only; no other roomers.
GREENWICH, S35— Two nicely furnished rooms
for hous^kecrlng.
MARKET. lO^— Large light room and kitchen,
furnished; Tol.i.ng: bed; gu; $10 a month.
MINNA. ZS— Nice sunny furnished front house-
keeji-njr ritfn.f- ar.d single roam*' cheap.
NOE, i.r — 3 or 4 very sunny rooiKs; lower cor.
flat; jras rar.ee; prate; bath: $12; north Mkt. |
«'AK. 1U— Room furnished for housekeeping;
FUitaHe for Z; reasonable; day. week, month.
1'OLK. ZZ!— rurniehed and unfurnished house-
k'fping rnoms; rent cheap.
POST, 9O-6anay housekeeping suites. $12 and
upward; pas range; water; tingle rms. $7. JS.
}•< ViELL. 1401—3 or 4 larpe sunny connecting
r-ornf for housekeeping ; sir.k. gas. bath.
HNNNY-BKOOK House. NE. cor. Gough
Market and Haight-Furr.ished rooms to let by
day. «o»k or m^nth; also Uoustkeeplng; en-
trance ¥ Onugh fct.
STOCKTON. C02— Nice sunny furnished rnoms
Finely and <»n Fuite, with or without board;
also licht hcusekoc vir.S-
VAN NESS ave.. 401A— Sunny unfurnished
roosnsi for lisht housf-keepinB.
VAN !CE6S, «/i— 3 well-furnished connecting
snmny r^mf; tub?; large yard ani parden.
VERY BttBojr unfurnished flat: housekeeping: t
S WOBM. i launCry. Cor. McAllister and Hyde.
CI*AESD*TED advertisements and subscriptions
T"' pjred at Call branch offlce, 2200 Killmore ft.
-A BRANCH orfir^ for Call advertisements ar.d
FUbecrlptims has been -sstatiiEhed at 1CC-6
ValTcia ft.
ROOUS JTO^I.KT-— Fnrn. nn«l Infnrn.
A-r.Rr\S\\Ic-K Houf. 14S Sixth— Rooms Be I
t f. per ttlirht. tl r; to *5 per week, and light
b taekegplng; open all eight.
:¦>.- single, suite; furnished: rea"
f-T.ar.'.e. Ft. James, cor. McAllister & Lapuna. j
KNKTT. l«i« Market lold No. 1364)— Fur- I
: rms., euite«, single; also unfurnished.
: EH. EM (The Elk) -Chanced hands, newly
renovated, nicely furn. punny rms.. Jl 50 to $7
<¦*-*: ?5c to tl SO night. MRS. P. RAXFT.
I TIT'a— Sunny furnished rooms from J4
• ICC. near Fifth— 3 rooms; tenement by
a
..:-;. il:;>. :04 E:1!s. ccr. Mason— Elegantly
r.imlfed s'jr.r.y rooms; prices reasonable.
¦ VT sunny rjoms, single ar.d en suite;
• -r tab'.e. Aimura. Mission and 20th Fts.
Parlor, suitable for mas and wife or
atlwnen; also single. 31S Taylor st.
THE SOUTHERN*
"EXT furnished and unfurnished rooms;
ttnu very reasonable, 438 Fifth «t.
I!CT. between Van Ness and Franklin —
: ' newly furnished rooms, en suite or sin-
I t and ccld water.
GRAND SOUTHERN, southeast corner Seventh
I MiM^on f^s. — Sunny roome, en suite or
\3iit-s' parlor; reading-room; eievator.
PEL Fran.c:?o.->— E'.r-gant suites; fir.gle; tran-
•ra-.hB. MRS. KING. Turk ar.d Taylor.
:-: AUD. ECS— Rooms from II week up to $Z;
I II night; also fcouyekeeping rooms.
.:>. SO, cor. 6;h— Orlando House— New
axemen!: furnished rms.: suites or single.
~">?ir.. SSS— Furnlsbed rnoms.
LAS PALMAS, 1*20 Market st.— Suite of 2 or 3
¦•• : l>a:h; i-in. rms; board optional.
. "«0 — Nicely fU7-ni»h»d punny rooms.
GC. cor. Eighth— New furnished bay-
m. tl r.*T week: transient.
-'" ' : •.¦!. n*ar Fourth— Neatly furnished
rocrr.F. H a> or week; block from Market st.
ill ¦'. S :••-.,— Furnished rucms to let by the
<<r month.
•• Z2L one block from new postofflce—
nj fr.nt room; }5.
0,'FARRELU, 2^-Sunny furnished rooms and
c»; *levator; electric lights: day, wk.. mo.
OTARI'.ELL. 2*4 — Nicely furnished sunny
T'fmfi: modern improvements; te',. Red 43G3.
I'< >ST. T27— I^arge Trent rm-.ni; also one small |
fumi^h'-d; others unfurnished; reasonable.
J'.OiiEDALE House. 218 jind321 Elllsrt.— Rooms.
r.ig!,t 25c 'o II. »i»k SI 25 to H; open night.
ROYAi HOUSE. US Kills st.— Incandescent
lipht: reading room.smcklr.s room and ladles'
T*rlor; rooms, per right. £Gc to Jl aO; week. $2
to $&: month. $8 to $20; elevator on office
floor; roomt with hot and cold water: baths.
SHERMAN Apartment House. ZS Etenth St.,
near Market— Furnished or unfurnished.
F1XTH. 1S*< — Furnished tunny rooms: single or
!=ult«<: »leo rooms Tor lipht housekeeping.
TVRK. ITi — 2 slr.cle rooms. 1 front; 16 M and }5;
use of hath; private family.
TVnBPTnR. flft— J or 3 unfurnished sunny front
ronm* for liRht housekeeping; no children.
<~LA5SIF1ED »"Jvfrtl»meaH and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, ;200 Fillmore st.
A~ BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
*ur.!»cr1"tk n? has been established at 10S6
.•»;e~";E rt.
ROOMS AXD HOARD WASTED.
BY younz married courle with a chili 3 years
of *%•-. board and r'TTi in a refined rrivate
family or furr.isheii r«im« suitable for
h-wisek.erinr. H'.-r CHI?. <"«H.
a SPECIAL"^ XOTICKS.
PILrZF— PCTEn FHEILIXG'S nlle salve, tl per
b<">x: *>arrarto<1 to cure all cases of Meedinft, j
U'hinp. external, internal or protruding
pile* wl'.hnut fail, no matter of how long I
standing. MS* Dcvlsadero *t.. near Batter.
KOOITS papered from T2 SO; whitened. II up;
painting done. Hartman Pilnt Co.. 313 Third.
BAD tenants elected f^r U; collect ions made;
rlty mr -*untry. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO..
«JS M"rtrnraTy *t.. room* 9-J0: tel. '.:.%',.
SEU'IAG MACIIIXES AXD SPPPJL.1E8.
ALL kinds bought, fold, rented, exchanged; re-
pairing lowest rates; open even. 205 4lh St.
BOUGHT, sold, rented, repaired, needles ar.d
fhuttles; reduced rates. 145, €th: phone Mint 45.
ALL ;::rds bought, eold nn<i repairing cuaran-
t .^1 <-h»v l'lan^he'-k. 1S1T. Mission, nr. lath.
STORAGE AXD WAREHOUSES.
WILSON BROS., storage and moving: covered
va-is Tenth and Market: phone South 762.
PACIFIC Htoraee and Furniture Moving Com-
j-any ZZ20 Filimcre St.: phone Jackson 2SL
BSKZJCfl Van and Storage Co.. 722 Mission et. ;
»ei. Main IM0 — Packinr. movrnjr and storage.
~VVPEVVJUTEHS AXD SUPPLIES.
<ii:F.AT^BAltGAlNS IN TTPE WRITERS— We
¦ell better machines for le»s money than any
l.cune in the city; rentals, t3. The Typewriter
Kxchar.ge £56 California, telephone Main 2£6.
ALWAYS bargains in typewriters; any make.
Write for prices to L. i a. ALEXANDER.
130 Mentcomery st.
NEW typewriters. tS down, $5 romii oavmenta.
KEVALX. «23 California st.
A. F. and Ludnda A. Merriman to Citizens
Building and Loan Association, lot on SE cor-
ner of Tyler and Calais streets, E 50 by S 135,
being lot 12, block I, Harmon Tract, Berke-
ley: $10. -
Mary E. Fortier (wife of E. - C.) to W. C.
and L. V. Maloney, lot on SW. 'line of Briggs
avenue. SCO SE of High street. SE 60 by SW
203, lot 29, map of wriwa tmh». iUmuU: $10.
L,. L. Eromwell to H. S. Crocker, lots J, 7. 8
and 9 ln lot 37, Glen Echo Tract, map 3. being
a resuMlvlslon of lota 10. 16, 18, 28, 29. 33 to 38.
Glen Echo Tract, map 2, Oakland; $10.
Carrie C. McKenzIe to John T. and Elizabeth
Wilson, lot on N line of Eighth etreet. "75 E
from W boundary line of plat 365, E 37:6. N
120. W 37:6, S 120 to beginning, being portions
lots 3 and 4, on map of plat 365. Oakland: $10.
Homer A. and Dora E. Craig to J. Josephine
Shoo, lot on W line of Grove street, 45 8 of
Thirty-fifth. 8 15:1V4 by W 116. being the S 15>4
feet of lot 14. block D. map of property of Cen-
tral Land Company, Oakland; $10.
A. K. NIssen, Walter Lund. Mary B. Pres-
brey (as administratrix of estate of William II.
Presbrey, by W. 8. Harlow, commissioner) to
John Ellsworth/ lot on NW corner of Broadway
and lot 44 of subdivision of half-acre lots ln
Hayes and Caperton Tract, thence W 140:2 and
S 60. being the N third of lot 44 on map cf
subdivided half-acre lots ln Hayes and Caper-
ton Tract, Alameda: $1708.
Daniel and Easle McLeod to James Templeton,
lot en NW corner of Ninth and Center streets,
W 39:3. N 82:9, E 33:9%, S 82:8% to beginning.
Oakland; $10.
Henry Z. and Sarah M. Jones to Harriet A.
Cantwell. lots 9 and 10. block 12, Allendale
Tract, Brooklyn Township; $10.
Frederick A. Marriott to Frederick Marriott,
lot on N line of Railroad avenue, 100 E of
Morton street, E 60 by N 150, block 32. Fitch
tract, subject to mortgage, quitclaim deed,
Charlotte S. and W. W. Anderson to Flora E.
Pitcher (wife of Anson), lot on S line of Ban-
croft way, 75 W of Audubon street, W 75 by
S ISO, belnE a portion of lot 5, block 9, Map
of property of College Homestead Association,
Berkeley; $10.
Rosa M. Shattuck (executrix estate F. K.
Shattuck) to Niels P. Nelson, lots 14 and 15,
block 9. Shattuck Tract Map 4, Berkeley; $10.
Henry A. and Christine S. Pleltner to Eliza
L. and Maeon S. Blackburn, lot on W line of
Wheeler avenue, 55 N of Lloyd avenue, N 50
by W 150, being lot 5, block 747, on map of
C. C. Clay's subdivision block 772 and fractional
blocks 751 to 754 and 756, Levy and Lane Tract,
Brooklyn Township; $10.
George Smith to Manuel V. Dias, lot 26 In
Smith subdivision to town of San Leandro,
Eden Township: $200.
Arthur C. Bayley to George F. Gress, un-
divided half Interest ln lot on N line of Enclnal
avenue. 150 W of High street, W 35:6 by N 100.
C. D. and Grace L. Vincent to John G. and
George D. Lubben. lot on W line of Webster
street, 64 N of Pacific avenue. N 51 by W 125,
being lots 3 and 4 and portion of lot 2, block
B. Map of Shephardson property, Alameda; $10.
Catherine L. Whiteman to Henry R. Patter-
son, lot on W line of Henry street, 180 N of
Vine, N 60 by W 135, being lot 13, block 2,
Graves and Taylor tract, Berkeley; $10.
Joshua and Emily B. Ryder to James E Wil-
liams, lot on S line of Stuart street, 175 W of
Fulton, W 50 by S 134:6, being lot 8, block E,
Map of south portion of Blake estate, Berke-
ley; $10.
George and Anna E. Lydlksen to Peter C.
Lassen, lots 7 and 8, block B, Prospect Hill
Tract, Brooklyn Township: $10.
Francois and Catherine Mousseene to Cal F.
tnd Marie Herz, lot on NW corner of Buena
Vista avenue and Schiller street, W 30 by N
125, being lot 8. block 49, Map of property ln
/icinlty of Encinal station, Alameda: $1400.
Mary E. Lombard to Edmund S. Ciprico, lot
4, block L, Harmon Tract. Berkeley: $10.
H. it. t nd Laura A. Pinney to Edward E.
Ilarnlckr,!. lots 30 and 31. block A. Prospect
Hill Tract. Brooklyn Township; $10.
Charles W. Heywood to Samuel Heywood. un-
divided ',4 interest ln lot 14. block 72, tract B,
Berkeley Land and Town Improvement Asso-
rlatlon, subject to certain conditions, Berke-
ley; $5.
George T>. Flack (executor of the estate of
Julia Waugar) to N. A. Acker, lots 23 and 24,
block F. Melrose Station Tract, Brooklyn Town-
ship; $50.
N. A. /cker to Emma F. Acker, same,
Brooklyn Township: $230.
Fred E. and Violet Eggleston to George W.
Harblnson, lot on N line of East Seventeenth
street, 150 W of Twenty-third avenue, W 32 by
N 150, being portion of lot 4, block B, subdi-
vision 50, Associates Tract, East Oakland;
«500.
Elsie A. and J. E. McEIrath to W. H. Mar-
tin, lots 2 to 9, block A, lots 1. 2. 4 to 16. block
2 to 10, block N, Alpine Tract. Oakland; also
lots 1 to 30. block V. lots 1 to 24, block W, lots
3 to 17, block X. lots 1 to 20, block Y, same
tract. Map 3, Oakland; $10.
Lucy A. Porter to Frank Jost, lot on S line
of West Third street. 50 E of Henry. E 25 by
S 10t>, being lot 3, block K, Bay View Home-
stead, Oakland; $10.
San Francisco Savings Union to California
Flax Mills (corporation, lot on E Una of Mag-
nolia street. 1S1:6 N of Third, N 50 by E 12S:3.
being lots 14 and 15, block 477, Brlggs Tract,
Map 2. Oakland; $10.
Charles H. and Elizabeth L,. Holmes to J.
Jarret, lot on NE line of Monroe or East Six-
teenth street, 25 SE from SW corner of IS, Dow
and Thomas Tract, SE 2S by NE 130.50. being
portion of lot 18, Map of Dow and Thomas
Tract, and also being portion of lot 3. block B.
Revised Map of Oak Tree Farm Tract, subject
to mortgage for $650. Brooklyn Township; $10.
Elizabeth Sherk to Emma J. Salisbury, lot on
S line of San Leandro avenue, 44 W of Lafay-
ette street, W 44 by S 150. being portion of lots
4. 6 and 6. block 11, on Map of Bartlett Tract,
Alameda; $10.
Mary Knauft, alias Gunther Knafft or Knott
or Krafft to SI. M. Taylor (wife of Henry W.).
lot S line of Folcer avenue, 243:4H E of Bay
Etreet, E 90 by S 125, being lot 34, Map of prop-
erty of Villa Homestead Association, Berkeley;
grant.
D. A. and Sarah F. Hlller to Charles L. Beal.
lot on N line of San Jose avenue. 300 W of
Oak street, W 50 by N 150, being lot 3, block
K, lands adjacent to Enclnal, Alameda; gift.
Thomas Moran to Manuel Repose, lot 17,
block R, Amended Map Moss Tract, Brooklyn
Township; $10.
Fame to Bridget Hughes, lots 1, 10 and 11.
block 2, same. Brooklyn Township: also lot 55,
Elmhurst Park, Brooklyn Township; $300.
California Realty Company (corporation) to
Margaret Hughes, lots 13 and 14. Elmhurst
Park No. 2. Brooklyn Township: $150.
Henry Z. Jones to Kate Morrison, lots 7 and
S, block 10, Allendale Tract, Brooklyn Town-
ship; $10.
Mary A. Maxwell to C. L. Maxwell, lot on
SE line of Fourth avenue, 112:6 SW of East
Sixteenth street, SW 87:6, SE 100, NE 69. SE
25. NE 37:6, NW 125, to beginning, block 14,
Clinton. East Oakland; g.lft.
Paul L. and Edith A. Sternberg to Antonio
Longo. lot on SE line of Tenth avenue, 112:6
SW of East Sixteenth street. SW 37:6 by SE
100. block 6S. Clinton, East Oakland: $10.
May Wilson to Margaret Knowles, lot 2<>.
block 22, Beaudry and Feladeau Tract. Oak-
land; $100.
John L. Buckley to Fannie Buckley, lots 1, 2,
3, 22 and 23, block F, Doe tract. Oakland; gift.
Mary McCrum to James McElroy, lot on NE
coiner of Fourteenth and 'Webster streets, 12
10O by N 103, Oakland; $10.
Maurice Wurts to L. C. Moller. lot on E line
cf Stanford avenue. 40 N of Emerson street, N
36, E 64, S 36. W 85 to beginning, being a por-
tion of lots 14 and 13, block L, Amended Map
Newbury Tract. Oakland: $10.
E. G. I>uiFenberg to . George Sterling, lots 7
to 14. block 2093, Alden Tract at Temescal, Oak-
land; $10.
James S. and Lizzie C. Nalsmith to Jennie
C. Anson (wife of M. F.), lot on N line of
Parsons street, 430 E of Park, E 40, N 90.10,
W 40. S 90.676 to beginning, being the E 20
feet. lot 23. block C. Gaskill Tract, subject to
deed of trust for $1000, Oakland; $10.
John W., Clarence J., Arthur G. and Mabel
A. McClelland, Irene A. Weaver, Maud Mc-
Kendry and Abble E. Colahan to Isabella E.
McClelland, lots 1 and 2, block 46, San Antonio,
East Oakland; $10.
August and Gustafoa Wlnberg to Edward P.
Heald, lot on SE line of Twenty-third avenue,
50 SW of East Nineteenth street. SW 50 by SE
135, portion of lot 1. block J, on map of sub-
division 60, Associates Tract, East Oakland;
$10.
James K. Pierson to M. N. Webster, lot on
NE corner of Fifth and Madison streets. N 37:6
by E 75. lot 1 and S % of lot 2, block 128, Oak-
land; $3000.
Patrick J. and Mary E. Keller to Hugh Sav-
age, lot on SW line of Rose avenue. 670 SE of
Piedmont avenue. SE 30 by SW 10O, being the
E 10 feet of lot 16 and W 20 feet of lot 17, Map
of Keller's Rose Park, Oakland; $10.
John Jennings to John C. Jamleson, lot on
S line of Seward street. 91 W of Campbell, W 33
by S 80, block 389. Oakland: $10.
Lillian A. Dell to Margaret L. Little, lot on
W line of Franklin street, 50 S of Fifteenth
street. S 34:3 by W 100, being the S 34:3 of lot
15, Map of Schroder Tract, Oakland; $10.
Oakland Bank of Savings to Elizabeth Sum-
mers, lot on E line of Thirty-second street.
168:8 E of Adeline, E 33:4 by S 100. block 66S,
Oakland; $830.
Patrick and Mary E. O' Bryan to Maria O.
Walker (widow), lot SE line of Claremont ave-
nue, 44:9 SW of Summer street, SW 60, SE 100,
NE 64, NW 100 to beginning, portion of lots 14
and 15, block A, Vernon Park, Oakland; $10.
Alameda County.
Leon A. and Katharine Maison to John B. In-
guglla, lot on W line of Guerrero street, 60 N
of Nineteenth. N 36 by W. 81:11; $10.
Edward J. Bowes to Spencer C. Buckbee, lot
on S line of Clay street, 175 W of Spruce, W
CO by S 127:$H: $10.
Andrew and Emma Dahlberg to Andrew Dahl-
eren, lot on S line of Scaramento street, 87:6
W of Laurel, W 25 by S 107:7»4, quitclaim
deed; $10.
Central Gaslight Company to Pacific Gas Im-
provement Company, deed and bill of sale — lot
on NW corner of Steiner snd Francisco streets,
N 275 by W 137:6; also lot on NE corner of
Steiner and Francisco Etreets, N 275 by E 375;
also lot on N line of Francisco street, 100 W
of Fillmore. W 37:6. N 137:6. E 37:6. N 27:6, E
lOO, S 135, W 100, S 30; also lot on SE line of
Townsend street. 137:6 NE of Third, NE 68:9
by SE 137:6; also lot on SE line of Townsend
street, 206:3 NE of Third, NE 68:9 by SE 147:8;
and all other real property ln San Francisco;
also all pipes, mains, etc., all gas holders,
machinery, etc., and all property real and per-
sonal of tlrst party; recorded ln deeds and mis-
cellaneous: $10.
Neils P. and Sine Ludvigsen (Johnson) to
Adolf Goldenberg, lot on NE corner of LUy ave-
nue and Buchanan street. N 42 by E 37:6; $10.
Frederick and Louise M. Bonn to Southern
Pacific Railroad Company, lot on W corner of
Railroad avenue and Thirty-eighth street, SW
50 by NW 123:10, lot 1, block 66, Paul Tract;
»10.
Oteorge F. Lyon to John H. and ElUabeth
Boyd, lot on W line of San Bruno (Nebraska)
avenue, 77:2 N of Nineteenth (Butte) street, N
50 bv W 200; J10.
eighth avenue and K street. SE 62 by SW 100,
lot 6, block 56, Paul Tract Homestead; $10.
JEFFERS— In this city, September 8. 1900, Wir-
llam M., beloved son of James D. and Annie
E. Jeffers, brother of Lillian and Raymond
Jeffers. and grandson of Thomas and Cath-
erine Mitchell, a native of California, aged 22
years 6 months and 22 days.
lETTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at S:30 o'clock, from the family
residence, 1231 Utah street, thence to St.
Peter's Church, where a requiem hlsrh mass
•will be celebrated for the repose of hla soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
JOHNSON— In this city, at her residence, 721A
Fourteenth street. September 7. 1900, Annie C.
M. Johnson, daughter of the late Peter and
Mary Johnson, a native of San Francisco,
aged 30 years 1 month and 2 days.
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from Our Savior's
Scandinavian Lutheran Church, Howard
street, near Thirteenth. Interment private,
I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
JOHNSTON— In this city. September 8, 1900.
Margaret, dearly beloved wife of James John-
ston, daughter of the late John and Catherine
Maloney, and sister of Mary and Timothy Ma-
loney. a native of San Francisco.
CyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 445 Gough street, thence to Sacred
Heart Church, corner Fell and FUlmore
streets, where a requiem high mass will be
celebrated for the repose of her soul, com-
mencing at 10 o'clock. Interment Mount Cal-
vary Cemetery-
KAISIN'— September 9, 1900, Emile Kaisln,
nephew of Emile Plerron, a native of France,
a^ed 29 years.
LYNCH— In this city, September 9, 1900. James
Joseph, beloved son of Dennis and Hannah
Lynch, and brother of Timothy, John and
Mary Lynch, a native of San Francisco, aged
24 years and 1 month.
EyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 1413 Kansas street, thence to St. Peter's
Church for services. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
COURT BONITA No. 43, F. of A.— To the offi-
cers and members of Court Bonita No. 43. F.
of A.: You are hereby notified to assemble at
your hall. Twenty-fourth and Folsom streets,
to-morrow (Tuesday), at 9 o'clock sharp, to
attend the funeral of our late deceased
brother. James Joseph Lynch, from the resi-
dence of his parents. 1419 Kansas street. By
order RUDOLPH URBAIS, C. R.
D. O'CALLAGHAN, Fin. Sec.
MAXWFLL— In East Oakland. September 8.
1M)O. at his residence. 1266 Fourth avenu<\ C.
L. Maxwell, beloved husband of Mary A. Max-
well, and father of W. F.. John P.. Edna M.,
Mary' E. and Lucey C. Maxwell, a native of
Pennsylvania, aged 58 years 11 months and 9
%lays.
rCJTYiends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, at his late
residence, 1266 Fourth avenue. East Oakland.
NEILSON— In this city, September 9, 1900,
Christina Nellson. beloved wife of the late
John Pfter Neilsnn, and beloved mother of
Clara, Mabel. Edwin John and the late Tlllie
Johanna Nellson, a native of Sweden, aged
36 years.
PETERS— In this city. September 8, 1900. Mar-
garethe 11. XV., dearly beloved daughter of
Charles and Meta Peters, and sister of Ida
and Carl Peters, a native of San Francisco,
aged 3 years 5 months and 15 days.
ETTrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
• Monday), at 3 o'clock, from the residence of
her parents, 602 Seventh etreet, corner Bran-
nan. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery-
RIX— In Iivington, September 8, 1900, Mrs. V.
A. Rix. wife of A. O. Rtx, aged 51 years and
1 month.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invltod to attend the funeral services
this day (Monday), at 10:30 o'clock, at her
late res'dpnee ln Irvinsrton.
ROSEN BOH M— In this city, September 9. 1900,
Margaret, dearly- beloved wife of John H.
Rosenbohm. dearly beloved mother of Mrs.
L. F. Gr^en. Mrs. J. C. Meyer. Mrs. E. F.
Miner and George H. Rofenbohm, sister of
Matthias Fere, and sister-in-law of Mrs.
Henry Vollmer, a native of Stenau, Germany,
a .yd M years and 4 months.
(TTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Wednesday,
i*»pt*ml>pr 12. at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 2689 Howard street, corner Twenty-
third. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
STEVENS— In this city. September 8. 1300, Mar-
tin V. Stevens, a native of New York, aged
66 yenrs.
C^TFuneral services •will be held this day
'Monday), at 3 o'clock, at the chapel of Odd
Fellows' Cemetery.
TENNIS— In Oakland. September 8, 1900, Mar-
garet Tennis, beloved mother of Mrs. J. H.
Nobmann. W. K. Tennis, Mr*. A. C. Thom-
son and J. F. and A. H. Tennis, a native of
H>»ljroland. a?ed 73 years 5 months and 2 days.
C7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral sen-Ices
to-morrow (Tuesday), at 11 o'clock, at the
residence of J. H. Nobmann. 1727 Broadway,
near I^agle avenue. Interment Odd Fellows'
Cemetery. San Francisco.
ZINK— In this city, September S, 1900, Fredolin
Zink, dearly beloved husband of Catharina
Zink, and dearly beloved father of Helena,
Louisa. Georsie and Theresia Zink, a native
of Baden. Germany, aged 49 years 6 months
and 2 days. A member of St. Peter's Society,
St. Boniface's parish. .
1T7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 7:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 12 De Boom street, off Second, between
Bryant and Brannan, thence to St. Boniface's
Church, GoMen Gate avenue, near Jones
Etreet, where a solemn high mass will be
celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at 8 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery, by carriages.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
C^y FOR^"^"^TZE7T < CUJB PARK
AND BUILDING ASSOCIATION— A dividend
2) of 25 cents per share on the caDltal
stock of the California Schuetzen Club Park
and Building Association has been declared,
payable on and after Friday. September 14,
1909, at the office of the treasurer of the as-
sociation, L. Il«>ubold. 312 Bush St.
O1TO BttEMER, Secretary.
KAILROAD TRAVEL.
noitiii'.ux rAciric <¦»»'• ••.».*«*.
(PACino tvsrEU. >
Train* l«i*«<> nml Km tin* •« itrrlv* at
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street)
tstvE — From Sspiskbek 12, 1900. — arriv*
*7:OOa BenlcU, Suisuu, E^nira, VicatUIe,
Ramsey ami »scramunto *7il5p
•7:00a Sh«sU Express- Daiis, Willatci (fur
Bartlett Springs). Willows. Red
Blufl, PotUauO. *7i45r
•7:30a Martinez. Sau It^inon, Vallejo. Napa,
Caliatugaanasaut* Uosa •Bil.lp
¦8:00a Davis, Woodland. Knights L»adiag,
M»rT«»il:e. nr..fi,:-. *7><Sp
•i:0O» Atlantic Kipresa— Ogdon mnd Eut ¦13t-t.tr
•»:OO» Niles, Tncy. Lathrop, Stockton *U:I3a
•»::!»» Han Juse. Liferuioie. Stockton,
lone, hacrauiruto. Placervllln.
Murjstlll*. Cblco. Ue<* Kluir M>l»»
"«:3<»a OakJalr. Chinese. Sooon. C&iten... MslSp
•»:«<>» Hajwards. Kilrsaud Way HUtions. *I 1:13*
*U:OWa Los Angeles Express — Martinez,
Tracy, Lathrop, Stockton, M-rc: U
Fresno and Los Angules •7:13t-"
•9i!tO*. Vallrjo. Martinez aim Way Station* •a>4.'U>
•IO:OO* The Overland Limited— Ogdan. Dea-
ver, Omaha. Chicago ¦•:4-1p
•11:00a NUrs, Stockton, .lacramento, Men-
doi*. Fresno. U&nfoid. Vi»»iU.
Portertilie «lil3r
•Il:OOa IJvenaore. Sanger. Gochen Junc-
tion, Bakersneld, Los Angeles
•12:00m ILtTw&nls, Mies and Wsy stations. »»i 15?
tl:OOr Sacramento Ki»er Steamors t.VOO*
•:t:Ot»p Harvard*. Ml. • ami Way Stations. ¦Si-taf
•l:OOr Mtrtiuez, Han lUiuou. Vallvjo.
Nap*. Ca)i»r»K*. .Santa Itosa »UiI»*
•li«Vr Bfnlcla, Winters, Sacramento,
Woodland. KnUhts Landing.
Marysviile, Oro»ill» "In: O*
•liSdp Nile*. Sau.loaeatid Stockton *7il3p
•3:OO*T1»« Owl Limited -Tracy. Fresno.
iltkerstMil. haugu* for 3anta liar-
bar*, Los Augeles MOil-in
•3:0ttr Stockton *yi43A
•JiOOr N'ew Orleane Express— lukeniiehl.
*Saut» Barbara. I., a Angiles. Dem-
ing, El r*ao, New Orleaus and
East "TVO*
•BiOOp Ilajwards, Nile«aadtUn Jose •7.4:»»
1«:O«r Vatlejo •I'Jsl.ip
•OtOUr Oriental Mail-Ogden. Cheyenne.
Omaha. Chicago *12:43p
•0:OOrOrieotal Mall-Ogden. Den'er.
Omaha, Chicago. *-lit3>
•7:00* NUes, Tracy. Lathrop. Stockton.... »ia«13p
•7iOOr Oregon ana California K»i.r«>M,Sa9-
i» !¦¦. Mursatllle. ICfxMlng.
¦'•irtlaii.l. I'ligHt MmumI amt Kast *S>«3*
JSiOSr Vallejo, Purt »\>iU and Way MU-
tioiw tll:Od>
COAST DITIHIO.1 Ciarrorf 4iap.ee).
(Foot of M.rktt, Street.)
;<s45a Santa Cruz Excursion for Hanta
Cruz and f rincipal Way Stations tS:03r
•SiI3a Newark. O-iitrrtHle.SaiiJoao, Fplton. '
BoulJer Or !-ek. Santa Crn»»n<l Wtj
Statloim ••>S»r
taiISp Newark, Centervlll*. Ran .lose, Now
Alniailen, Feltnn, HmiMer Creek,
Sauta Cruz ami Viiucipal War
Sutlons • I •;.•» «» »
•-l:l.*p Newark, San Jose, Loa Gaton t*:-" 1 "*
ililSr CHepwood. Felton. Banta Crn» «S:3«a
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
'rtnStll ritXCISCO— r>«t if Mtrktt Strut (Sli? J)—
•7:15 0:00 1100*. M. |1:!3 'J^O JJ : :3
•1:03 t5:33 *8::3r.«.
•rimOlUlHD— r««l «f Br«.4»«v.— -fi.00 H;00 10:00*.*.
t!2 S3 *1::3 12:13 »3:C3 H:C3 'IMr.M.
COAST DITISION ( lln.n.l li:«ii«p).
(Thlr.l *.,d Townsen.! Sfc.)
16:10a Ocean View, .South .San Frauci.tco.. fU::iUp
f7:«»* San .!„.- *,,,! War Stations (New
A!..!*.!.-., WttlnemUraoiilT) *l:3nr
!?:30a Sunday Excursion f . r Kan Jiww,
Santa Cruz, Pacific Grove and
Principal Way Stations {S:S3p
•U:«M»a Hum Jose. Tres I'iiios. MnnU CriK,
Pacilie <irnve, l'*so Kohles. Sail
Luis Oliist>o, .Surf. Lonipoc ami
Principal Way Stations # 4:lwp
•!«:«•* Saa Jow »mt Way Mttttoiis •«:U-1*
•II.JII* a»n.l<»r,Lo«Gatos>t»<IWarSUtloti« •3i:iop
t'J:l3r S«n Mateo. K-hn.o.1. Mrnlo Park.
Palo Alto. nautiiCUr*. Salt .lose.
Tres Fir.os. Hauta Crux. Salinas.
Monterey au.l PaciHo Grow flOi»««
tM»fS»nJoi«.n.l Way Station* •7::u>e
+ l:l»r San Joseaml Principal Way Station* *»:4.1>*
15:oor San Jose, Los Gatos aud Principal
Way .Stations t0:0O»
*.T>z.10r San.lnse an<l Principal Way Stations t a :3-1*
•8::tl»r San Jose au.l WayStatlons t»:»«*
6lll43r San Jnil-»ii.l Way Station* «T:3l»p
A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
'Dally. t-Siindar excepted. ISuudajoolj.
b Saturds.7 only.
m Saturday and Sunday. . . e Monday onir-
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEE]
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
HAILVYAY COMPANY.
Tlturon Forry, Foot of Market Sr,
SAN FRANC13CO TO SAN RAFAEL.
"¦flTKEK DATS— 7:30. 9:00. U:00 a, m. : 12:33.
3:30. 5:10. 8:30 p. ra. ThunJaj a — Kxtra. tr'.p
at 11:30 o. m. Saturdays— Extra trifa at 1:M
•nd 11:33 p. ra. «
EUNDATS-S:G0. 9:30. 11:00 a. m. r 1:20. 1:33.
(:00. 6:20 D. m. .
SAN RAFAEL TO BAN TRANCISCO.
"WEEK DAYS— 6:10. 7:50. »:K). U.-.O a_ m. : 12:43.
1:40. 6:15 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at
1:55 and 1:35 d. ra.
SUNDAT3-s:10. 1:40. 11:19 a. m.: 1:40. J40.
(:06. 8:33 p. m.
Between B&n Francisco ajaA 8cbu*tz«n PmrU
same »ch«jul» as aboT*.
heavo J In Effect. I Arriro
Ban rrandsco. [Apr. 15, 1900. | San Frandactx
Week I Fun- I I Bun- I VCeek
Days. I days. [ Destination.) days. | Day.
T :30 am 8:00 »ra Nova to. 19:40 am S :40 am
1:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma. 1:06 pm 10:25 am
1:10 pm 6:00 pm Banta Rosa. 7:55 pm »:20 pra
I*ulton.
1-M am Windsor. X0:2S am
Healdsbur?.
Lytton.
Geyservlll*).
8:30 pm (:00 am Cloverdale. 7:33 pra 9:20 pm
7:33 am | J Kopland I 110:25 am
V.S3 pm! S:00 am! and titlah. ] 7:33 pm| 9:20 pm
t:JO am ' 10:23 am
8:00 am Guemeville. 7:25 pm
t :30 pm t:20 pta
T:30am S:C0am 8onoma 9:19 am S:49am>
and
1:10 pm 6:00 pm Glen Ellen. «:C5 pm I:!) pm
{:30 am! 8:00 ami 110:40 arn|10:» am
:30 pm; 5:00 pm; Babastopol. | 7:S5 pm) 6:20 prxx
Staxes connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
' Bprlnsrs and White Sulphur Springs; at Fulton
for Altrurla: at Lytton for Lytton Spring*: at
Oeyservllle for Sk&gsa Springs: at Cloverdal»
for the r,»ys»rj ; at Hopl&nd for Duncan
Spring*. Highland Springs. Kelsay-rllle. Carls-
bad gprlngi. Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
Spring*-; at Ukiah for Vichy Spring, Saratoga
Springs. Blue Lake*. Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
Springs. Upper Lake. Pomo. Potter Valley.
John Day's. Rlverstd*, Llirley's, Xtacknell'a,
Sanbedrtn Helg-hts, Hullxllle. Orr's Hot
Eprings. Mendoclno City. Fort Brags'. West-
port, U«al, Wllllts, Laytonvlll». Cummins.
Boll's Spring*. Harris. Olsea'a. Dyer. Scotia
«nd Kureka.
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at
Mduced rate*.
On Sunday round trip ticket* to all point*
feeyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket offices. «50 Market st. Chronicle bMx,
IT. C. WHITIMO, • R. X. RTAN.
; Osneral Ifanazer. Cen. Pasa. Afnt
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausallto Ferry.
Commencing April 22, 1300.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MIU. VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DATS-7:00. 'S.M. 9:30. 11:00 a. m.;
12:45. *1:43, 3:15. 4:15. «S:15. 8:15. «:40 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and Saa
Rafael, on Mondays, Wednesdays. Saturdays
and Sundays, at 9:00 and 11:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS-7:00, *S:W. •9:00. •10:00. 11:00. 11:33
a. m.: 12:45. *l:30. 2:30. •Z.iS. 6:00. 6.00. MB
p. m
11:00 a. ra. does not run to Ban Rafael Sun-
days.
Trains marked (•> run to San Quentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 5:35. »«:30. 7:50. 8:40. »10:lS a.
m. : 11:30. 1:15, 2:15. *3:30. 4:30. 5:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at *S:45 and 10:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS-«:15, •S:00. »3:50. •U:00a.m.: •12:00
m.; l:C0. 2:15. •3:30. 4:30. *i:1S. «:ii 7:30. 10:30
p. m.
I Trains marked (•> start from San Qaentln.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS-«:53. «:45. 8:00. 8:55. 10:30 a.
m.; 12:33. 1:45, 2:45, S:30, 4:50. 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:20 p. m.
BCNDAT8-^:3S, 8:05. 10:05. 11:10 a. m.: 13:13.
t:S>, 2:30. 3:45: 4:55. «:15. 7:05. 10.30 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:00 a. m. week days— Cazadero and way sta-
tions.
3:15 p. m. Saturdays— Cazadero and way sta-
tions.
8:00 a. m. Sundays— Cazadero and way sta-
tions.
12:43 tx ra. Sundays— Point Reyes and way
stations.
S/\IST/\ F*E ROUTE
TRAINS.
MARKET-STREET TERRY.
Leave: Overland: Dally for Chica- Arrive:
go. Kansas City, Denver
and all Eastern points.
El Paso. City of Mex-
ico. Prescott and Phoe-
nix. Arlx.. Bakersfleld.
9 a. m. Visalia. Tulare. Han- • p. m
ford. Fresno, Merced.
Stockton, Antloch. Stand-
ard and Tourist Sleep-
ers to Chicaeo. Dlnins
car between Stockton and
Bakersfleld^ _____^_
Stockton Local: For Pan
4:10 p.m. Pablo. Pinole. Mulr. Bay 11:05 a.m.
Point. Cornwall. Anti-
och and Stockton.
Bakersfleld Local: For San
Pablo. Pinole. Mulr. Bay
Point. Cornwall. Antl-
I p. ra. och. Stockton. Merced. 1a.m.
I Fresno. Hanford. Vlsa-
Ha. Tulare and Bakers-
fleld. Sleepers to Fresno
and Bakersfleld.
TICKET OFFICES: 641 Market st.
Ferry Depot, foot of Market st.. San Francisco.
Alia KroAdwAir. Oakland.BA*K VI bETTE, SHOW I NO DAMAGE DONE.
THE DAMAGED VESSEL AND THE MASTER OF THE SUNKEN
COLLIER.
Postponement.
Sailing S. S. Corona for San Diego and
way ports is postponed until Tuesday. 11
at 11 a. m.
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO. •
Dr. E. L.. Perrault has resumed practice
at 336 Sutter at. •
Found Floating in the Bay.
The body of an unidentified man was
found floating off of Red Rock by Genoa
Fernandez, a fisherman, yesterday after
noon. It was towed to Meiggs wharf and
later taken to the Morgue.
Tierney Will Becover.
James Tlemey. Hayes and I^aguna
streets, who Jumped in front of a Hayes
street car Saturday afternoon at Hayes
and Market streets, was taken from the
Receiving Hospital to the City and Coun
ty Hospital yesterday. He is not so seri
ously injured as was at first suspected.
The gripman, D. 1/ Jones, has not yet
been arrested. •-¦,
Annie L.. Stone of 221 Post street has just
returned from Paris and Is now ready to
show all the latest stylps in millinery. •
Found Dead on the Stairs.
Charles Thurston, a flange turner, aged
52, was found dead yesterday morning on
the steps leading to the basement of 330
tolsom street. The deceased occupied tho
basement as sleeping quarters and it Is
presumed that he came home late, iell
down the stairs and in so doing received
a fractured skull. The body was removed
to the Morgue.
The conventions have all adjourned and
have nominated railroad men— men that
employ Chinese. Dr. C. C. O'Donnell of
the Fourth Congressional District Is as
sured of his election as he is needed In
Congress. The restriction act Is about to
expire and It was through him that we
secured its passage. • :. •
Antonio Garcia Arrested for Exhibit
ing a Deadly Weapon in a r
Threatening Manner.
Antonio Garcia, a non-union man who
Is employed in the Mechanics' mill, was
arrested at an early nour yesterday morn-
Ing by Policeman Driscoll and oooked at
the City Prison on a charge of exhibit-
Ing a deadly weapon In a r-de and threat
ening manner. The complaining witness
Is John McGulre, a union mlllhand.
McGuire alleges that while he was In a
saloon on Market street, below Sixth,
some talk was Indulged In regarding the
strike. Garcia drew a sheathknife out of
his pocket and made a threatening motion
toward McGuire. Garcia's statement is
that he had loaned the knife to a frl«*nd
and got It back Saturday night. He had
it In the Inside pocket of his coat ami did
not draw it out of his pocket or threaten
McGuire with it. Garcia was released on
ball.
NON-UNION MILLHAND
AND UNION MAN QUARREL
Fell and Broke His Leg.
Luther Wagner, who is employed by the
Board of Health as superintendent of the
water supply, while stepping on a Hayes
street car at Stanyan street yesterday
fell and broke his left leg. He was taken
to the Receiving Hospital, where the frac
tured member was set by Police Surgeon
Bunnell. t ~ .--
Trapper** Oil cures rheumatism and neuralgia.
Druselats, 60c flask. " Richards & Co.. 40« Clay.
Old Friends Picnicked in Sausalito.
Over SOO members of the Society of Old
Friends, with three times that number of
friends, hied themselves to Buena Vista
Park, Sausalito, yesterday, where they
enjoyed themselves as old and new
friends can when they wish to -have a
good time. The object of yesterday's out
ing was to raise money for the building
of a home for the members of the Old
Friends In Glen Ellen, where Dr. C. C.
O'Donnell has made the society a present
of fifteen acres of land. The committee
performed their duties so well that ail
passed a happy day.
Swim at the Crystal Baths.
Recommended by physicians. • Water always
dean and warm. Tub department best In city.*
Pete Gibney, an old man. Is dying In the
City and County Hospital from the effects
of a fracture of the skull received Thurs
day evening in a saloon at Bryant and
Converse streets. He was In the saloon
drinking with some other men,, among
whom was P. Butler, wnen a row started.
Glbeney started to leave the place when
Butler struck him, knocking him down.
As he fell his head struck against the
curbstone, fracturing the skull. The In
jured man was taken to hia home and as
it was apparent that he was severely in
jured he was removed to the City and
County Hospital. Yesterday his condition
became alarming and the police were at
once notified. After considerable trouble
Policeman Clancy, who was detailed by
Captain Splllane to arrest Butler, found
him on Howard street and took him into
custody. He was immediately taken to
the City Prison, where he was locked up
in the tanks pending the result of his
victim's injuries.
¦ To the police Butler denied having
struck Gibney. He, however, admitteu
that he "shoved him In a playful way,"
but denied having seen him fall. Tha
statement Is ridiculed bv two eye witness
es to the trouble. They were standing in
the vicinity of the saloon, they claim,
when Gibney walked outside and stood
near the edge of the sidewalk. Butler at
this juncture walked out of the saloon
and going up to the old man struck him.
The force of the blow knocked Gibney
down, and as he fell his head struck the
curbstone.
Yesterday the two witnesses visited tho
City Prison and positively identified But
ler as the man who struck Gibney.
The two witnesses went to Glbney's as
sistance and endeavored to get him on hi3
feet. Butler stood by and seeing the blood
gushing from the wound in Gibney'd
head left the scene, evidently fearing ar
rest.
The Old Man Lying Near
Death's Door in the
County Hospital.
GIBNEY DYING,
HIS ASSAILANT
IN THE TANKS
Notwithstanding the celebration and the
many attractions around the bay there
was a full attendance of marksmen on
the Shell Mound range yesterday. One of
tho features of the gathering was the
annual prize shoot of the Xorddeutscheer
Schuetzen Club, over fifty beautiful, use
ful .and desirable articles being up for
competition by the members. The con
ditions were three shots to each on the
25-ring target. Following are the winners
and their scores, out of the possible 75
rings:
F P. Schuster 67. W. Garms 66. John Pe
ters 66, A. Mocker 63. H. Hellbent 62. II. Huber
6S. J. de Wit oS, W. Gllndemann f<S. H. H. Bur
fetnd 58. Captain J. Thodo DS, F. Koch &S, F.
Rathjen* l>". L. Harnrr 67." A. Meyer 57, O.
L*-mcke 56. J. L>. Helse ".6. U llitzan 54, D. Sal
field S4, II. Meyer £3. \V. C. Morken 53. H.
Ftelllnjj il, Q. Schulz 47. E. Ipsen 47. J. Lan
k- iii.u 45, I>. SchtnkPl 46, O. von Hostel 43,
F. Hoffmann 44. O. Aipun 43. L. Hrune 42, A.
liohman 41. O. White US. P. Hust 3S, J. Schroe
der 37 F. Groverman 3r>. I... Thlerbach 35, K.
Tho<1«?' 34. 11. Munster 29. II. Hupput 27, D.
Vondermehden 26, \V. Doell 24, W. Turner 20,
O. Schinkel IS, J. Woebcke 1", E. F. Baruth 9,
D. J. Hinck fi.
The Norddeutschers* distribution of
prizes will be held on Tuesday evening.
September 18, at California Hall. 620 Bush
street. There will also be a social by the
members of the club and the verein.
The regular semi-monthly contest for
class medals and trophies brought out a
fair attendance of the members of the
Golden Gate Klfie and Pistol Club. All
the contests were on the 200-yard rifle
range, the pistol and revolver shots
being conspicuous by their unusual
absence. What the short range
lacked the long range made up.
for the scores on the whole were
above the average.- A special feature was
a race between C. M. Henderson and D.
W. McLaughlin. In which the champion
claps man was beaten by one ring, Hen
derson making 230 in ten shots to Mc
1-aughlln's 2?J. F. K. Mason, another of
tho champions, made 230 earlier in the
day. The scores in ten-shot runs on the
25-ring target were as y follow:
BuKhnrn medal-F. E. Mason 2*0. D. W. Mc-
Laughlin £29. 227. 223. Dr. U. O. Rodgers 221.
G<j1<1 medal— «;. M Henderson 230, 219, 209, 208.
221; D. U. Faktor 227. A. B. Dorrell 215, 224,
216, F. W. Belknap 22S.
Silver medal— J. F. Bridges 2P6, 197, 21", 213,
J. Hanerv-as 212. IL Hlnkel 219.
First-class trophy— F. W. Belknap 217, 225,
216. 210; A- B. Dorrell 21S. C M. Henderson 218,
212.
Second-class trophy— F. G. Tammeyer 205. 203;
E. I... n.elmensr*?n«>ider 1%. 173.
The regular class medal shoot of the
Successful Prize Shoot of
Norddeutsoher Club's
Rifle Experts.
MANY PRIZES
CONTESTED FOR
AT THE RANGE
Germania Schuetzen Club was well at
tended, and the high scores in two 10
shot strings on the 25-ring target are here
given:
First champion class. Dr. L.. O. Rodsrers, C25,
213 rings. Second champion rlnss. It. Stettin
214. 20H. First class, J. F. PrlciKPS, 220. Sec
ond clnss, 3. D. Helce. 209. 200. Third class. J.
Beuttler. 162, Id. Dest first shot and best last
shot, H. Huber, 23, 25.
D. B. Faktor was the high man In the
monthly class medal shoot of the San
Francisco Schuetzen Club. Annexed ara
the high scores In 20-shot runs on the 25
ring target:
Champion class, D. B. Faktor. 413. Firs-t
class, J. D. Heise, 424. Second class. J. Lank
enau, 89L Third class. W. Morken. 373. Fourth
claps. A. HoR-fdorn. 372. Hrst first shot. \V
Gllndemonn, 24. Best last shot. It. Stettin, 24.
About a dozen of the members of the
Independent Rifles were out for a class
medal contest. The organization still
uses the military musket and the Blunt
target. Following are the 10-shot scores
made:
J. Kellenb«>n?er 3C. Corporal H. Frederickson
21. F. Skowran 27, C. Frederiekson 3", J II
Kuhlke 3*. C. Oranz 3T>. F. Schmidt 13. H.
Oaeteen 36. Sergeant C. Andrews 39, H. Felix
33. Sergeant H. Kuhlke 41. Lieutenant E.
Moennlng 39.
Company F of the First Regiment shot
for class medals in 10-shot runs on the
Blunt target, with the folowing results:
Servant II. W. Doscher 34, W. H. Homer
22, G. . C. Homer 10, Lieutenant A. H. Irvinu
U. K. A. Millican 37. C. St. C. Cleveland S3,
Sergeant C. K. Surryhne 39, lieutenant W. A.
Varney 40, L. Schatze 18, J. Mllledge 23. W. M
Cohn 27.
Mass Meeting of Young Men.
A union mass-meeting was held yester
day afternoon at the Young Men's Chris
tian Association building. The Rrv. G. C.
Adams, pastor of the First Congregation
al Church. A. P. Black ar.d W. M. Par
sons. State secretary of the V. M. C. A..
addressed the meeting. A special musical
programme was rendered, including sev
eral numbers by the Knickerbocker quar
tet.
SHE popular double bill. "Cavallerla
Rustlcana" and Pagliacci," will be
the week's attraction at the Tivoli
Opera-house, and will be given at
every performance this week, in
cluding the Saturday matir.ee. It will
be presented by alternate casts, and the
whole company will appear during the
week. It is doubtful if any more popular
bill could have been selected to please the
visiting population.
For the holiday attraction at the Co
lumbia, Clay Clement will present "The
New Dominion," in which he will be
heard in his favorite role of Baron Ho
henstauffen. L. R. Stock-well is also In
the cast, and Mrs. Clement will be heard
In an appropriate role. Special matinees
will be given to-day and to-morrow.
'The Girl I Left Behind Me," Belasco &
Fyles' war drama, is to be given at the
Alcazar Theater this week for the enter
tainment of the visitors, and will be pre
sented for the first time this afternoon.
A special matinee will also be given to
morrow.
• • *
Ferris Hartman and "Ship Ahoy." at
the Alhambra, are a combination well cal
culated to catch the crowd. The company
averages up well. The chorus is remark
ably well drilled in its new and pretty
turns.
Captain Jack Crawford's "On the
Trail," at the Alta, is a distinctly suita
ble bill for "the week. It deals with pic
turesque adventure and striking charac
ters and situations among which Captain
Crawford's life has been passed.
The Orpheum has a winner for the week
In Jessie Bartlett Davis, who, though the
has not been driven into a vaudeville
martyrdom by envious rivals in the "le
gitimate," as alleged, is nevertheless a
strong attraction. Querita Vincent, the
Young American Quintet and Johnson
and Dean, are other new features.
The California Theater is still "dark,"
but will probably open next Saturday
evening with the Azzali Italian Opera
Company in "Otello."
Mae Tunlson, Eudora Forde, J. K.
VIcco, L. E. Behan, Howard and Camp
bell, Olive Vail and Dutch Walton are the
features at the popular Fischer's Concert
House. Special moving pictures have also
been prepared and the excellent orchestra
will add to the interest.
To-night will be Native Daughters night
at Pain's electric fireworks exhibition and
"Battle of San Juan," at the Sixteenth
and Folsom streets grounds. Pain's is one
of the greatest pyrotechnic successes ever
seen in San Francisco.
The Olympla announces the tenth series
of Conradi's Living Statuary and a Dance
of All Nations for the week. ,
The Chutes has provided an excellent
bill for holiday week. The leading fea
tures are Weston and Herbert, musical
comedians; Sid Baxter, balancer and
juggler; Carroll, the young whistler;
Baby Ruth, the Malcolms, La LJsta, fire
dancer; the great lion net and new mov
ing pictures. To-night a grand display of
fireworks will take place on the Chutes
lake.
AT THE THEATERS.
Frank Edrich, a middle-aged man. yes
terday accosted Officer Klynn on Howard
street and begged him to assist him in
rescuing his 3-year-old child from tho
clutches of the little one's dissipated
mother. He said the baby was In the
'•Black Cat" saloon at 100S Howard street
with its mother, who was In a beastly
state of Intoxication. The policeman, af
ter listening to his story, went into the
saloon and found the tot, neglected and
dirty, lying on a pile of rags in the rear
of the place. The mother was discovered
in one of the rooms, helpless from the
effects of liquor. Edrich was allowed to
take the child, while the unnatural
mother was removed in the patrol wagon
to the Citv Prison. While being charged
with drunkenness she. was recognized as
the woman for whom a warrant was re
cently issued charging her with grand
larceny. .
According to the complaining witness In
the larceny case, a young man named
Harry Smith, the woman and her consort,
who is known as Harry McCosh. some
time ago robbed him of $25 and a gold
watch and chain. McCosh was arrested
shortly after the warrant was Issued and
held In the tanks pending the apprehen
sion of the woman.
As soon as she was identified in the
City Prison yesterday she and McCosh
were formally booked for grand larceny.
Additional charges of vagrancy and
drunkenness were recorded against the
woman.
With tears streaming down hla face
Edrich. the husband oi the woman, told
the story of his wife's downfall.
"We were married about five years
ago," he said, "and for a time she was a
model wife. Suddenly she acquired a
taste for liquor and I was forced to sep
arate from her. I took our little girl and
placed her with some friends In the Mis
sion. About a month i:go my wife went
to the house and stole the child. Since
then she has been in the habit of taking
the little one to saloons with her and
allowing her to witness the disgraceful
orgies in which she participated.
"Shortly after noon to-day I learned
that my wife and baby were In the How
ard-street saloon. Going Inside I started
to take our baby away, when one N of the
patrons, a rough looking man. grabbed me
by the collar and kicked me Into the
street. It was then that I appealed to the
police officer to assist me in recovering
my lone lost child."
Edrich Intends to commence proceedings
for a divorce against his wife to-day.
Arrest of Mrs. Elma Edrich
for Cruelty to Her
Offspring.
MOTHER AND
CHILD FOUND
IN A SALOON
Disagreeable Weather Did Not Stay
the Enthusiasm of the Pleasure-
Seekers.
The •weather yesterday was a disap
pointment for the tens of thousands of
pleasure-seekers who visited the park and
beach, but il Old not stay the enthusiasm
of the mighty crowd and, !n fact, was In
vigorating after the warmth of Saturday.
Not an accident or Incident worthy of
mention occurred durnijj the day. This
fact carried astonishment to the police
i»:.'1 corj>s of surgeons who Ftood wait
ing for what they deemed tho inevitable.
A visitor with a babv in her arms fell
from a car on the way to the beach, but
both escaped uninjured. Fortune was
with the p«ople.
The Chutes grounds were crowded with
visitors and an unusually interesting
programme entertained the crowd.
The usual aquatic programme was
Fplashed off at Sutro's baths. Following
an- The results of the contests:
Fifty-yard dash, juveniles— F. Kane
first. I. Keeler second.
I'ndr-r-uater swimming contest— H. See
bach first. J. Dixon second.
Diving for plau-s — D. Kansome first, J.
Dixon second. J. O'Brien third.
One-hundred yard da?h— C. Carroll first,
E. Dunrigan second.
High diving— F. Randall first prize. F.
Sale second prize.
PARK AND BEACH WERE
THRONGED WITH VISITORS
ship well In hand, and thinking the tugs
and ferryboats would keep out in the bay
I made an inshore course. When I got off
Folsom street the winJ fell light and the
tide, which was running at least four
miles an hour, took command of the ves
sel.
"When I saw we were getting danger
ously near the Iowa I ordered tho topsails
backed, but it was too late to avert the
disaster. I think we sat down on the
Iowa's ram and the next swell carried us
off again. The Iowa's boys gave us a
great cheer as we sheared off, thinking we
were not damaged. We drifted away into
the mist and I don't think half a dozen
people on the battle ship knew we had
sunk until they saw the morning papers."
Vidette Badly Damaged.
The bark Vidette that was run down by
the May Flint is in a bad way. She Is
leaking badly and were it not for the
fact that she is lumber laden the pumps
could not keep her afloat. She was raked
fore and aft and as sho lies at Fremont
street wharf looks like a wreck. All tho
headgear is gone and the fore and main
topgallant and royals are gone. The fore
standing rigging has been carried away,
while the main standing rigging is badly
chafed. Some of the deckload of lumber
was carried away, and all In all it will be
many a day before the Vidette goes to sea
again.
TV. E. Mighell, managing owner of the
May Flint, when seen last night seemed
inclined to lay the blame for the loss of
the vessel on the captain.
"He should have remained in the lower
bay and not attempted to make a grand
stand play. Mr. Babcock is out of town,
but will be back on Wednesday. In the
meantime we will make no move. To
morrow, however, we will hold an inves
tigation and Wednesday we will decide
what to do with tho ship and cargo. I'm
afraid everything will be a total loss."
A small plunper showing a red light
was anchored lnsj evening 150 feet north
west by west of the sunken vessel as a
danger signal to mariners. Captain Se
bree, lighthouse Inspector, took soundings
at the wreck and the least depth he got
above the hulk was twenty-one feet at
low tide. The depth of the bay at that
point is about 90 feet. Captain Sebree
gives the location of the sunken vessel as
4oo yards northeast of the end of the Pa
cific Mail dock.
destruction of the May Flint was the
lack of information which marked the
catastrophe. The sailors on the Iowa saw
her apparently retreat from the imminent
danger of the monster ram and they gave
cheer after cheer of earnest congratula
tion as they believed she had escaped.
She had been shattered, however, by the
battleship's ugly weapon and was fast
sinking.
Representatives of the Harbor Commis
sion believed as did the sailors of the
Iowa and they also were mistaken.
They saw the May Flint disappear from
the fairway and believed that she was
in a safe place, but she had gone to the
bottom of the bay after colliding with
and almost destroying the lumber ship
Vidette, which was towed almost dis
mantled yesterday to Fremont street
wharf.
"We had a most delightful trip down the
coast," said Captain Woodside yesterday.
"I have been forty years at sea and can
never remember having a more auspicious
voyage. We left the Sound a week ago
with more than 50O tons of coal aboard
and made a wonderfully quick run to the
heads. Passing in through the Gate, I de
cided that tho wind would fall light and
signaled for a tug.
"Mind you, I never thought of, and. In
fact, only knew in a vague way that there
was to be a celebration on tho bay. I was
therefore surprised when no tug answered
my signal.
Ran Into Trouble.
"Next our instructions are to anchor in
the 'upper bay' and this instruction was
more than binding on me when the fact
is known that I had coal for the Black
Diamond Company and Cornwall had not
an ounce in his yard.
"Not receiving a tug:, we came up the
bay with a four-knot tide and a fair wind.
Sail was shortened, and when the May
Flint passed Lombard street she was
makinp a good seven knots.
"As soon as the "upper bay' opened out
I saw there was trouble ahead. The place
was swarming with ferry boats and
launches. Then I thought of wearing
ship, but ripiit in the way of any such at
tempt was the British shipr, Eudora and
Robert Duncan and the German bark
Anjou. A collision with any one of them
would have been disastrous, so I deter
mined to hold on.
"Passing Pacific-street wharf I had the
THOUSANDS of people thronged the
wharves of the city yesterday to
get a view of the sunken bark
May Flint, which had contributed
to the spiendid bay celebration of the
ni;?ht before its only accident. In the
maze of gay color which adorned the
docks, among the thousands of brilliant
flaps and the forest of masts were the
black forms and caper faces of people
seeking to see what was left of the
wreck. Scores of tiny craft plowed their
way out to tho place where the ship was
supposed to be.
An unusual interest attached to the de
stroyed vessel and to the Incidents which
hid marked its wrecking. The disaster
had been one of the most curious in the
history of the harbor. Seafaring men were
unanimous in their belief that Captain
Woodside took too many chances in en
tering the harbor without pilot or tup.
Expressing these opinions seafaring
men went out to the scene of the wreck,
but they could see nothing of the de
stroyed vessel. Only an anpry tide ripple
and the significant presence of a buoy
told where the ship had gone down.
Among ships the May Flint was a levia
than. Her history had been a strance one.
Story after etory of cruelty was record
ed in her career. Those that had worked
upon her told of the heartlessncss of for
mer commanders, and If she was one of
the most imposinp of the vessels which
entered the bay, she also was one of the
most thoroughly detested.
May Be Blown Up.
It Is probable that she may Tx» raised,
if her back is not broken, in which event
she will be blown up. that her cargo of
oC<00 tons of coal may be saved. She rests
at the bottom of the bay in fifteen fath
oms of water and in the very heart of
the fairway for veFFels which p!y be
tween San Francisco and the mole of the
narrow-sraug-e railroad, on the other side
of the bay. She is valued at $50,000. and
frrangoments have been made to send
down divers to-day. There is no insur
ance upon her and whatever loss Fhe rep
resents must be sustained by her owners.
The officers of the battleship Iowa are
extremely angry at what they consider
to be the criminal daring of the captain
of the May Flint. While the tremendous
ram of the battleship sent the sailing
bark to the bottom it is feared that the
warship did not escape unharmed and
that she must be docked for repairs. It
Is feared that her ram has been deflected
and that immediate attention must be
piven to the Injury. The May Flint prac
tically fell upon the Iowa with a weight
of 7'X>0 tons, and this, it is believed, in
flicted serious damage.
The May Flint was a four-masted
bark. Formerly she had been a Fteamer
and was known as the Persian Monarch.
Fhe was wrecked on the Now Jersey
coast hut was saved, transformed Into a
bnrk and purchased by the California
Ship Company, the most influential
owner of sailing vessels In the world. She
had been engaged in coastwise traffic and
was the largest vessel in the service of
the California Ship Company. Her
wrecking will in all probability be the
subject of the most searching inquiry by
the United States authorities.
Una-wart of the Disaster.
One of the most curious features of the
Several Well-Knowm "X>ruiiks," Who
Are I>isturbers of the Peace,
Also Put in
Prison-
The detectives •were busy last week
looking out for bunko arid sure-thing
men. and a number of them are now in
the tasks at the City Prison, where they
will be detained till the celebration is
over.
The following named have been arrest
ed: James Hlggins, George Williams, E.
C. Thornton, John Fitzgerald. Ernest
Fuhrman, Frank Hall and George Ma
bonejr. JIahoney was arrested last Tues
day, but he promised faithfully to leave
the city and not return. On that promise
Captain Seymour released him. He left
the city, but he was noticed on Sixth
street Saturday night and was promptly
arrested.
Besides these, two well-known pick
pockets. CharU-s Collins and Charlee Col
t«-r, are in the tanks, as is also Daniel
O'Brien, a well-known burglar, till the
celebration Is closed.
Other well-known crooks have evidently
taken alarm a.z the arrest of those In
prison ar.d have preferred to leave the
city to takir.g the chances of being gath
ered la.
Captain S«yrnonr said yesterday that.
notwithstanding the immense crowds on
the Btreets, not a single case of pocket-
X^icklrig had been reported to the police.
Seventy-nine "drunks" ranced them
selves before JuCge Fr.tr yesterday morn
ing. They had all the Fame excuse to
offer, that they were celebrating the fif
tieth anniversary of the admission of the
State. Most of them were old-timers.
They were all discharged, with the ex
ception of fourteen, who each got forty
tight hours, so that they would be kept
In prison till the close of the celebration.
Amonp them were Kate Gallagher. Mary
Ann Hamilton. Emma Reutcher and men
wr.o are in the habit of creating a dis
turbance when in their cups and using
the vilest language.
A picturesque ligrure among the "drunks"
was= a man In full Highland costume. He
Imbibed too much whisky and fell on the
Hdvwalk at Market and Sixth streets,
fracturing his nose ar.d skinning his
knees. He is a recent arrival from Chi
capo and toM the Judge that he did not
think the whisky here was eo strong,
otherwise he would not have swallowed
eo much of it.
Will Be Detained in Tanks
During the N. S. G. W.
Celebration.
LAW OFFICERS
GATHERING IN
KNOWN CROOKS
The ship Lauriston, Captain Latta",
which arrived from Hamburg via South
Shields last Saturday night, had a most
eventful voyage. Rounding the Horn
nearly every sail was blown away and
through the ship's being driven south the
men suffered terribly.
At one time there were only four men
and an apprentice able to leave their
bunks and work the ship. All the others
were either frostbitten or prostrated by
the cold. At one timo it looked as if
the ship would be driven Into the ice pack,
but luckily a change came and finally the
Horn was rounded in splendid style.
The ship's log tells in a quaint but
thrilling manner the story of her passage
through the frozen zone. The extract
from this seaman's narrative, telling of
the worst part of the experience, Is as
follows:
On July 7— Mr. Cameron In charge of the
deck. At 2:30 a. m. a hard squall struck the
ship, throwing her over. Lowered away the
reefed upper topsail. Called the master, who
at once ordered all hands on deck to shorten
Ball. Squalls followed one another in quick suc
cession, now of hurricane force. Furled upper
topsails and the reefed mainsail. Squalls hard
and furious, sea rising rapidly and weather in
tensely cold. Started to haul the foresail up,
but lee clew ganet unhooked. Got the sail
close up by 4 a. m. Hands went aloft to furl
it, and had the sail on the yard three times,
but let It go again. While the crew were on
the foreyard the jigger lower topsail sheet
carried away. Managed to haul the sail up,
but lee buntline came adrift from the yard.
Kail Immediately Happed to pieces beyond re
pair, having no one to furl the sail. Mountain
ous sea rising. Ship laboring heavily. Deck
constantly full of water, rail and rail at times.
Gear got foul washing about.
At S a. m. crew came down from the foresail,
not being able to furl the sail, all exhausted.
Four "A. Bs." and two boys severely frostbit
ten. The clews of the upper topsails and top
gullant sails blew out of the gaskets. The leach
of the main topsail all gone. Fore upper top
sail clews in rags. Cannot get the crew aloft
to furl them, they being completely exhausted.
At 10 a. m. the fore topmast staysail was
blown clean out of the ropes. Not a vestige
of canvas left. Blowing terribly. Squalls of
hurricane force and mountainous sea. Ship
laboring very heavily and straining severely.
Four "A. Us." laid down to it. also second offi
cer — all. badly bitten. Deck continually full of
water. Rooms and cabins Hooded.
Eighth hour— Abating somewhat. Endeavor-
Ing to get the crew aloft to furl the Fall?. At
1 p. m. got the crew aloft and made fast all
sail and the remains of the topsails. Made
everything clear for wearing ship. Two more
"A. Bs ." gone off duty.
At 2:30 p. m. wore ship to southeast. Ship
laboring very heavily, constantly full of water
and shipping very heavy seas. Gear ail fouled
around the deck, owing to the continual wash.
At 3 p. m. sighted the Dleso Rameriz rocks,
bearing east by north standard and distant
three miles. Gale abatinjr somewhat, but driv
ing right toward them. Set foresail and reefed
mainsail. Cut all the gear of the mainsail to
set the sail set. Four more "A. Bs." laid up.
completely done up and hands benumbed
through frostbites. Having a very anxious
time. Not another sail to set. Decks con
stantly full of water and ship rolling danger
ously.
At 6 p. m. moderating decidedly. All the
apprentices, except Bromham, and all the crew,
except four "A. Bs." and carpenter, have laid
down, completely played out Weakness and
fear possess them.
At 8 p. m. fitted grear on mainsail with offi
cers, four "A. Bs.." carpenter and one boy.
Hauled the mainsail up afterward and furled
it by midnight. Our feet froze in our boots.
The Lauriston brings a sreneral cargo
and the chances are tnat some of It has
been damaged. The underwriters are,
therefore, sure to declare a "general av
ace."
Nearly Every Stitch of Canvas Blown
| Away and the Vessel Drifted
Helplessly Toward
the Pole.
Crew of Ship Lauriston Has
Terrible Time in South
Atlantic.
FEET FROZEN
IN THEIR BOOTS
OFF THE HORN
GREAT BARK MAY FLINT LIES A BROKEN
WRECK IN FIFTEEN FATHOMS OF WATER
Captain Woodside's Daring Blamed
for the Disaster — Vessel May Be
Blown Up--Vidette Severely Dam
aged in the Collision.
THE SAJS FKAiS CISCO CALL, .MONuAY, SEPTEMiiEU 10, 11)00.
12
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SEASON 1900,
We Are Now snowing
Elegant Lines of me
Following New Goods.
Ladles' Silk, Cloth and Flannel Waists. Ladles'
Silk, Moreen and Sateen Skirts. Ladles' Eiderdown
Sacaues and Bath Robes. Ladles' Feather and Fur
Scarfs and Fur Collarettes. Ladles' Fine Muslin and
Wool Underwear, Corsets, Gloves and Umbrellas. La-
dles' Fancu Neckwear, Fancy Ribbons and Noyeltp
Handkerchiefs. A Magnificent Stock of New Dress
Fabrics, both Colored and Black, New Silks and Vel-
vets, New Laces and Trimmings,. Lace Tidies, both
Real and Imitation, Lace Scarfs and Bed Sets, Im-
ported Cloths for Tailor-made Suits, French and Ten-
nis Flannels and an enormous stock of New House-
keeping Linen Goods.
Orders by mail receive prompt attention.
Samples sent iree to any address.
111. 113. 115. 117. 119. 121 POST STREET.
Too
Yours
for a
Glorious
Time,
INCORPORATED.
THE FRISCO BOYS.
Cor. Kearny St. & Union-Square Av.
BOWEM
Established i3 o
No Special Saving Sale
this week — we're cele-
brating our golden
jubilee with the Na-
tive Sons of the Gold-
en West
Good
Groceries
432 Pine 231 Sutter 2S00 Cat tfsrnta S«n Fr«ncl«e»
1075 Clay between Eleventh and Twrelfth Oakland
Country Houses, Hotels, Plat3
and Cottages Furnished
Complete.
CREDIT IF DESIRED.
BRILLIANT'S,
338-340-342 POST ST.,
Open Evenlnri. *™ Powell.
Free Delivery Within 200 Miles.
"drTmcnulty.
TmiS WFXL-KN'OTVN AND RELIABLE OLD
Specialist <-wr.t Blood Poison, <;onorrhcea,C»:«»et.
stricture, Neiuinal Weakness. Impotence and their
al!l«»d Disorders. I'oolt on D.-«>;ises of Men, fr«>e.
Ov^r"0year»>xperietice.T<*rm« rcasonaMe. Hour*.
9to:t<!ail7;6:-'»tf>S.EOpv'c i ».Sunii;irs.lOto 12. Consul-
tation free and sacredly confidential. Call or address
P. ROMCOB HcXl'LTY. 31. D.
tin}: Kearny St., Maa Francisco, CaL
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters )
• 6. A CiRKAT KliSTOKATlVJi. INVIUOKa-
¦tor and Nervine.
The most wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic for the Sexual Organs fcr both «exe«.
The Mexican remedy for Diseases of the Kid-
neya and Bladder. Sells en Its own merits.
NABER. ALFS & BRUME, Agents.
«3 Market it.. S. F.-lSend tor CUc»u».>