TREASURE^ D. G. BAMBAUER OF MERCED COUNTY AND THE SCENES ATTENDING THE ROBBERY OF
HIS OFFICE AND HIS IMPRISONMENT IN THE GREAT STEEL VAULT, WHENCE HE WAS RESCUED
MORE THAN EIGHT HOURS LATER IN AN ALMOST DYING CONDITION.
identify, it.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
GALVESTON, Sept. 26.— The casket
containing the remains of v Charles Cogh
lan, the actor, who .died in' this '. city last
winter, was found at a point sixteen miles
north of Galveston. near the town of La
Marque. The casket was ..washed from a
receiving , va.uk ; at Lakevlew Cemetery,
which' wan destroyed by i the storm. The
undertaker ; wh« placed the casket In the
vault ' went to La Marque this evening to
Casket Washed Up at La
Nfarque, Sixteen Miles
From Gal veston.
ACTOR COGHLAN'S
BODY IS FOUND
MADE TO WORK
WITH CONVICTS
Innocent Men and Women
Kidnaped and Kept Under
Guard in Georgia.
ATLANTA. Sept. 28. — Charges have been
filed with the Prison Commission of Geor
gia by Solicitor J. W. Edmundson of
Brooks County against the McRee convict
camp managers of Lowndes County, this
State, in the form of affidavits from prom
inent citizens, to the effect that tho Mc-
Ree brothers have kidnaped Innocent men
and women and made them work under
armed guards for an indefinite period. It
is charged that one practice of the McRee
camp has been to employV'trappers'* to
arrest innocent negroes passing through
the country and without the form of trial
to Imprison them and put them to work.
The charges filed by Solicitor Edmund
son contain the following: r "Fanny Jack
son, 8 or 10 years ago. went to the eamr>
to visit her husband, who was kept there
as a convict. When she went to leave the
camp she was arrested and forced to
work, chained with the men. watched by
the guards and frequently whipped. She
had a young child with her and finally
Will McRee whipped her terribly to make
her bind the child to the camp In order
that it might grow up a convict."
Other affl.da.vlts charge that they were
arrested and detained similarly without a
criminal charge being proved against
them.
Several white citir-ens of the vicinity al
lege that the affidavits of the negroes are
accurate as to statements made In them.
POI.ICT OF EXTERMINATION.
LONDON. Sept. 27.— The Times prints
correspondence from JJluchwang declar
ing- that the Russians have killed indis
criminately between 1500 and 2000 Boxers
and Chinese civilians, men women and
children, both Inside and outside of the
walls.
The correspondent adds that from all
eldes come reports of violence to women,
and that the Russians are carrying out a
policy of the destruction of property and
the extermination ot the people In Kaio
chau.
' Bambauer gave a' description of the two
men. One ¦waa tall and. slender and the
*other waa sborterrand • heavier. -He was
Dr. A. T. Hyde, who had been informed
by Mrs. Bambauer. of her husband's ab
sence from home during the night," set out
In Eearch for him. . On reaching the Court
house shortly after 8 o'clock he met
County. Auditor . Cook and the two went
to the Treasurer's offlce. Finding the
place In disorder and seeing Bambauer's
hat with a large hole In It, showing where
he had been struck by the burglar's pistol,
they surmised that something was wrong
and on hearing the rapping on -the vault
door concluded that; Bambauer was with
in. They • were fearful that - the combina
tion had been .turned by the robbers and
called to Bambauer, who In a weak voice
.told them that he had removed the com
bination and .for them to turn the bolt.
This they, did and 'upon opening the door
found him on the floor almost dead. He
was removed, to a' .'couch ."where he re
mained until he recovered and then was
taken to his residence...... ¦ ,.~
When morning came and he heard peo
ple about the building he resumed the
pounding upon the floor with his shoe.
Those who chanced to hear the noise paid
no attention to it, thinking it no unusual
sound. .!-.'• L
possible to attract aid he concluded It
best to remain quiet and save his efforts
until morning. He soon found that he was
becoming weak from the . lack of air In
the vault, so he placed his mouth to the
hinges of the sufe door in order to get as
much fresh air as possible.
When Bambauer found that it was Im-
Left a prisoner In the great steel cell
Bambauer at once s^t at work at the
combination, but the burglars were stil:
In the office and, hearing him. went to
the door and told him he had better stop
and remain there until morning. Bam
baucr ceased operations until he thought
they had disappeared and then made an
attempt to free himself, but found that
the safe guard refused to work. Then he
began to shout, hoping that some one
passing might hear him and come to his
assistance, but his screams could not be
heard on the outside of the vault. He re-r
moved his shoes and Degan to pound upon
the cement floor of the vault.' This
availed him nothing.
was locked In the great county strongbox
and left to his fate. When found this
morning he was In an almost dying condi
tion and had his rescue been delayed but
a short time his prison cell would have
contained a corpse.
At 9:30 o'clock last night, as Treasurer
Bambauer. who is also lieutenant in Com
pany H. National Guard of California.
was returning from a company drill to nis
home he was met near his residence by
a masked man, who placed a revolver to
his head and commanded him to halt.
He obeyed the order and anot..er masked
man emerged from behind a tree and
searched him for firearms. Finding none
they ordered him to go to the courthouse
and to keep a few feet in advance of
them on the way.
Bambauer led the way to the courthouse,
which was only two blocks distant. When
they arrived there he found that the front
door was opened, showing that the rob
bers had made careful preparations for
their raid. When they reached the Treas
urer's offlce he was asked for his keys,
but before he had a chance to get them
one of the men put his hand Into his
pocket and withdrew the bunch of keys
and a small amount of coin. The latter
he Placed in his pocket and.wlth the keys
he opened the door to the Treasurer's of
fice The light was then extinguished
and a bullseye lant-ra was used. Bam
bauer was compelled to open the vault.
He was then placed against the wall of
the room and one man stood guard while
the other emptied the trays, *hlch con
tained only a small amount of coin. !
They were evidently surprised at the
small sum fcJund and ordered that the
Steel Chest, which contained about $70,000
of the county's money, be opened. Bam
bauer told them this was impossible, as
It had a time lock and Vie refused to make
any attempt at openlng.it., After some
rough handling, in which his. clothes were
badly torn and be was struck on the
head with a revolver, he consented ,i tp
make the attempt. He tolled at the lock
for some minutes unsuccessfully and then
he waa told to cease trying and leave the
vault. After making a thorough search
In the outer vault and scattering papers
about the safe and offlce the, robbers
forced Bambauer into the vault and bolt
, ed the door. \ v ' c**f
COLVILLE, Wash., Sept.- 26.— The high
wayman captured yesterday near Addy
after a running battle with Deputy Sher
iffs, has been identified as Harry Coffeen
His wound is not dangerous. The dead
robber has been Identified as Thomas
Downer. Both were young men from
Spokane and are not known to have been
convicted of any crime before. Coffeen is
still In jail, having been bound over to
the October terra of court in the sum of
DEAD OUTXAW IDENTIFIED.
FRESNO, Sept. 28.— Deputy Sheriff John
White located two men to-day whom he
supposed to-be the Merced robbers. He
wired .descriptions of them to Merced and
says he received an answer that they were
not the men. No arrests were made, but
the suspects are still under surveillance.
No trace of the movements of the men
after they left the Treasurer's office has
yet been found. It is possible that they
boarded an. early morning train, five of
which passed Merced between the time of
the robbery and the Hour when Bam
bauer was, rescued from the vault.
unable to see. their faces as both wore
masks and kept out of sight as much as
•possible. The Treasurer does not know
the exact amount the robbers got away
with, but believes It was about $1500. It
Is believed that the men -were novices and
that they are well acquainted with the
Court-house and with the habits of Bam
bauer. The" officers are hard at work and
hope to soon find a clew that will justify
an arrest.
Ing from a vicious blow upon
the head ¦with a revolver, each moment
seeming an hour as he panted for
breath In his sepulcher like prison, Treas
urer D. G. Bambauer of Merced County
last night •experienced hideous tortures
that might well be calculated to whiten •
the hair and shatter the nerves of any
man. Bambauer was taken bv force by
two robbers to his office in the courthouse,
compelled to open the vault, and then,
when it had been robbed -«£f what coin
was not contained in the inner safe, he
MERCED, Sept. 26.— Locked In
the steel vault of his office
from midnight until 8 o'clock
this morning, bruised and bleed-
¦ "In my State the man who waa put on
the committee on platform to draw up an
anti-trust platform at the Kansas City
convention had at that time his pockets
stuffed with ice trust stock. The Demo
cratic leader In New York, Richard Crok
er. upon whom you base your only hope,
and It Is a mighty slim hope, too, was
another great stockholder, and if, la fact,
Governor Roosevelt spoke at the Armory
Hall, which was filled. There were many
Republicans in the audience, but 'there
were also apparently many Democrats,
who made themselves manifest by noisy
demonstrations. Governor Roosevelt said:
They had Just presented him with a b»g
chunk of sllvanite which had been baked.
These fellows, all in khaki campaign uni
forms, plied out of the car past the Gov
ernor and formed In line beside the Min
nesota. The Governor, because he did
not want to lose a minute of the time al
lotted to Victor, twenty-flve minutes, said
he would not wait for the escort to form.
Victor is a town where McKinley polled
four votes In '&. and where an angry com
mittee went through the town with a
bucket of tar and a feather pillow trying
to find out who cast those four votes.
There were no flowers at Victor. But
the people who came to the station to
meet the train seemed to be altogether
glad to see the distinguished party who
had come to exhort them. There waa a
big cheer when the train stopped and an
other when Roosevelt appeared, and still
another greeted Senator Lodge, who has
made himself tremendously popular with
the people of Colorado. At the head of
the train was the Cripple Creek and Vic
tor Marching Club and a brass ban-J
which had gone to Colorado Springs to
meet Governor Roosevelt and escort him
Into the hills of gold. Some of them were
on the car Minnesota with the Governor
when the train stopped In the Victor sta
tion.
The very same thing happened to-day at
Gillette, which is on the edge of the Crip
ple Creek district. Even those who had
been prophesying evil things at Victor and
Cripple Creek were disarmed by the cheer
ful aspect of things In Gillette. To be sure
a drunken man on the outside of the
crowd yelled "Bryan! Bryan!" and there
was a sympathetic cheer from a number
of men and women, but in the face of the
crowd of the hundreds who answered the
shout by three tremendous cheers for Mc-
Klnley, the Incident seemed ridiculous.
The air has bee'n full of »>>uch stories ever
since the Governor reachetf Montana. He
was told to beware of rocks there, and
was pelted with flowers at the very places
which had been pointed out as the most
dangerous.
The train departed from Victor amid
a shower of stones with the Governor of
New York standing on the back platform,
despite the efforts of some of his East
ern friends to get him Into the car. He
courteously acknowledged every McKln
ley mar. that came from Victor on the
outside of the circle of riotous assailants
who had fought way through to the car.
The riotors threatened to follow the train
to Cripple Creek, and make the Governor
sorry h^ever came Into Colorado. Sixty
special policemen were waiting for them
at Cripple Creek, and the Volunteer Law
and Order Association organized on the
tra& by Sherman Bell, who was once
Deputy United States Marshal here, sur
rounded Roosevelt as he stepped from the
train. The mob looked them over, con
tented itself with noise and that a long
way off.
Taken all In all the scenes here and at
Victor to-day were the most disgraceful
ever witnessed in the Centennial State,
and are deplored by every respectable citi
zen, regardless of party. Warnings of
Colorado pollticans and railroad men that
It was not without the bounds of possibil
ity that there might be rough conduct
when Roosevelt reached the Cripple Creek
region was laughed at by the people who
have been through the trip with him.
The Governor himself laughed at them.
Miss Davis, niece of Senator Lodge, and
Mrs. Kemp were in the hall with Roose
velt when the first disturbance took place.
They were not out of the door two min
utes when the mob that assaulted Roose
velt marched in. It was due to the stren
uous efforts of Lieutenant Sherman Bell
of the First Volunteer Cavalry and of
General Irving Hall that no bones were
broken. They broke Into the center of
the crowd and kept the campaign organi
zations which were surrounding Roosevelt
from coming Into direct contact with the
rioters until Just before Roosevelt reached
the train. Then the clubbing and throw
ing cf stones began and bloody heads and
bruises were many and frequent "in the
next few seconds. The man who struck
the Governor was ridden down and tram
pled on by one of the mounted escort.
His friends carried him away before the
police, who stayed away until the last
moment, could find out who he "was.
CRIPPLE CREEK. Colo.. Sept. 26.-The
friends of Bryan in Victor, In the Cripple
Creek region, met Roosevelt's campaign
for McKlnley this afternoon with sticks,
stones. and vile epithets. Roosevelt was
struck with a club, but not hurt. The
riot— for It was nothing less than a riot
was half an hour In coming to a boiling
point. In the face of its rising Roosevelt
insisted on finishing what he had to say
to the people of Victor and refused to
l"ave the hall until the time appointed for
the meeting expired. In the crowd that
attacked him were many miners from
the Coeur d'Alene district In Idaho, and
they raised the name of Coeur d'Alene as
an alternative battlecry with that of the
candidate of the Democratic party for
President of the United States.
CRIPPLE CREEK. Colo.. Sept. 26.— A
force of detectives armed with Winches
ters accompanied the Roosevelt train as
It started on Its Journey to Pueblo, it be
ing necessary to pass again through Vic
tor. As far as known here the party was
not molested on Us return.
Roosevelt Well Protected While Re
turning Through Victor.
"From what I know of the people of
Colorado I am not wflllng to believe, with
out further evidence, that they denied Mr.
Roosevelt or to any ore else a fair hear
ing. If it proves true that ho was mobbed
or in any ¦way Interfered ¦with I am suri»
that It was not the work of any political
organization. There can be no Justifica
tion for a rfsor't to violence In thi« coun
try and those who resort to It injure tho
cause which they represent.**
DETECTIVES WITH RIFLES.
NEBRASKA CITY. Nebr.. Sept. 28.—
Being shown a telegram to the effect that
Theodore Roosevelt was assaulted at Vic
tor. Colo., by a band of hired ruffians to
night. Mr. Bryan wrote the following
statement:
Resort to Violence.
NOT APPROVED BY BRYAN
Says There Is No Justification for a
The speeches of Governor Roosevelt cov
ered the ground gone over In his efforts
at other places and were directed solely
to militarism. Imperialism an4 expansion.
The meeting to-morrow ri^ht will b* ..?
Pueblo. Eight speeches are scheduled for
to-morrow.
Governor Roosevelt «poke at the three
meetings In this city this evening, all of
which were Indoor meetings and large,
orderly and appreciative. In addition to
Covernor Roosevelt. Senators Wolcott
and Henry Cabot Lodge. Hon. John Proc
tor Clark. General Curtis Guild Jr. an<1
several members of the Republican State
ticket made addresses.
'"We frel that to you men of the West
we have a right to appeal. There may be
pome excuse for the dwellers In great
cities, pressed down by the hard condi
tions of life In some quarters, to despair.
It may be necessary to preach to them the
gospel of hope, but to you people In thla
Str.te. to you with a future so plortoua In
its promise, surely it ought not to be nec
essary to say a word asking you to look
forward and not back, to hope and not
despair, to dare and not shrink. It Is the
law of success to dare, to do and to en
dure. I ask the men of the present day
to stand straight for the flasr that means
national power and law and orderly lib
erty and equal rights for all men beneath
Its folds."
you were to read through the list of stock
holders in that trust it would sound Ilka
reading the roll of the members of Tam
many Hall."
A voice cried out: "What about the rot
ten beef?" The Governor replied: "I
ate it and you will never tret near enough
to be hit with a bullet or within five miles
of it."
Governor Roosevelt succeeded In finish
ing his remarks, though there waa an evi
dent Intention among those present that
he should not do so. When the Governor
loft th*> hall with his party to go toward
the train he wa* surrounded by a com
pany of Rough Riders, who. as stated,
took an active part in his protection.
In his speech here Governor Roosevelt
safd In part:
D. G. Bambauer, the young Treasurer cf Merced County, ¦was taken by force to bis office and there
compelled by two robbers tu open the vault. After taking what coin there was on the trays in the outer
vault the criminals jshut Bambauer in the vault. He was not rescued until eight hours later and was tak
en f rcm his prison almost dead from suffocation. i .
Special Dispatch; to The CalL
Imprisoned in an Airtight Cell by Robbers
Merced's Treasurer Passes a Night
of Awful Torture.
LOCKED IN HIS VAULT
AND LEFT TO PERISH
LONDON. Sept. 27, 4:15 a. m.— The China
question Is again in the phase of the dis
cussion of the stability of the European
concert and the likelihood of Germany
finding It convenient to modify her ag
gressive attitude. According to the Yoko
hama correspondent of the Daily Mail,
Japan assents to Germany's proposal, h,ut
at the same time strongly urges that
there shall be no prolonged delay In the
negotiations. The same authority says
that Japan would decline to follow Ger
many In pursulng*the Imperial court Into
the Interior of China.
From Shanghai com^s the announce
ment that an Imperial edict confers
posthumous honors on the antl-foreltm
High Commissioner LI Ping Heng. who
committed suicide after the evacuation of
Tungchau. and Duke Chung Yi, the late
Emperor's father-in-law, who killed him
self after the Emperor and Empress Re
gent left Peking.
Chinese papers assert that orders have
been issued for the erection of a new Im
perial palace at Slanfu. They also report
that LI Hung Chang has started for Pe
king, escorted by Russian and Japanese
troops, and that Lu Chuan Lin has been
appointed Viceroy of Canton. Sheng*s
yamen confirms the rumor that Li Hung
Chang has received secret orders to at
tempt to recapture Peking.
LI REFUSED AN ESCOB.T.
WASHINGTON. Sept. 26,-The follow
ing has been received from General Chaf
fee:
•TAKU. Sept. 23.-Adjutant General,
Washington: September 21. No. 53. Ac
knowledge your No. 40. I>eave for Tien
tsin this afternoon. Win be absent sev
eral daye. General Wilson remains here.
Li Hung Chang at Tic.itPln. Understand
starts here soon; nave offered him escort;
declined. Country very quiet; good order
in Peking. CHAFFEE."
The dispatch from General Chaffee ha?
nd dale, showing that it came from Pe
lting, but War Department officials are
satisfied that It was sent from the Chi-
the non-receipt of a formal answer has
deepened the impres-sloi. that the London
advices of the Associated Press concern
ing the mattor are correct, the opinion
being that the German Foreign Office
still clings to the hope of winning England
ever.
The evening papers, taking this cue
from the Foreign Office, flatly deny that
Great Britain is arrayed with the United
States against the German proposal.
WOTJX.D BECAFTTJR.E PEKING.
did not claim that the alleged information
had been received from Count von Hatz
feldt. a high foreign offlciai reread the
advices from the German Embassador
and then said:
"Lord Salisbury' has asked for a few
days in which to consider the matter, de
siring to procure certain information be
fore giving a final reply. No answer has
yet been given, at least no formal answer.
There has been some oral discussion be
tween Lord Salisbury and Count von
Hatzfeidt, but it is not true that Great
Britain has finally replied in the same
tenor as the United States."
This repeated emphasizing publicly of
Germany Still Refuses to Admit
Lord Salisbury's Reply.
BERLIN, Sept. 25.— Late this afternoon
the correspondent of 'he Associated Press
in Berlin showed the German Foreign
Office a private dispatch from London as
serting that Lord Salisbury had informed
Count von Hatzfeldt-Wildenburg, the
German Embassador to Great Britain,
that the reply of the British to the Ger
man note would agree ¦with that of the
United States.
The Foreign Office thereupon. reiterated
".he statement that this assertion waa pos
itively false. Upon attention being called
to the fact that the dispatch in question
CALL, BT-REAr. WELLINGTON HO- j
TEL. WASHINGTON. Sept. 26.— Grave |
apprehension is expressed in official cir- j
cle« that Germany is rushing Into war ]
with Chlr.a. Kaiser Wiihelm has given ;
unmistakable evidence of his purpose to ]
retard the settlement of {he trouble by |
Btrorgly reir.forcir.g ris fleet and army ;
In the Far East and in the proposals ¦
which he has submitted to the powers, j
It Is further known at the Department ;
cf State that the attitude of the United :
States Is a matter of official criticism In I
Germany and it is uniike'.y that the Berlin
Government will be willing to accede to
eny euggestlon whirh this Government
may make unless forced to do so by pres
sure applied from other powers.
In xitx7 of the near prospects that
tlie United States will enter into pre
liminary negotiations with Prince
Ching and Li Hung Chang for peace,
sincere regret is expressed that Ger
many's representatives should report
conditions necessitate further mili
tary operations. It is pointed out to
day that to the Chinese there is little
or no difference b?irween the foreign
ers, and should Germany resume of
fensive operations Americans may be
classed -with the enemy and treated
accordingly.
Peace has been maintained in the
southern provinces only by positive as
surances from the powers that the dis
memberment of China was rot contem
plated and that when order was restored
the troops shojjl.1 be withdrawn. Should
ere of the powrrs rroomroonce military
operations now that order, according to
M.ijcr General ChafiVe. has been restored
In Pfkirg and is beir.cj generally restored
throughout the province of Chili, the au
thorities f»>ar that th« Vice.-oys will not
he disposed to keep the natives in check
end that the result may be disastrous to
:he friendly Taotai of .Shanghai, has been
ordered north, and that practically means
ila death.
Russia is holding all the forts and
strategical points from Taku to Peking..
Russia's possession cf the railway shows
jy the permanent arrangement v:hich her
Dfllccrs are making that she intends to
swallow the north of Chlr.a. No one here
telieves that Russia will ever move out
•xcept under oveyv*he!mir.g pressure frcm
ather powers.
Germany's assurance that sho does not
desire territory in China if the latter be
able to pay an indemnity la misleading-.
Her demand for the punishment of the
leaders cf the Boxers as a condition prece
dent to peace negotiations means con
tinued war ar.d perhaps a complete dis
ruption of the Chinese Government. The
friendly feeling between Russia and Japan
Is increasing. France is hand in glove
with Russia.
Vice Admiral Seymour's attempt to un
dertake the isolated British occupation of
Shanghai and patrol the Yargtse Klar.g
has weakened the British position, while
losing an opportunity to make a definite
agreement for the non-partition cf the
empire with Japan. The United States is
consistent, but i>owerless. Cullchuan Lin,
who, it is unofficially announced, is to be
the rew Viceroy of Canton, is anti-for
eign.
Unless the allies protest the friendly
Viceroys are likely to have no friends left
in China. TT.e only method for dealing
with the situation not involving a di
vision of Chinese territory is through the
friendly Viceroys, gradually removing the
throne from the power of the Boxer lead
ers. Americans on the epot believe that
a settlement of the present question will
decide the fate of the enormous and In
creasing American-Chinese trade.
JOHN F. BASS.
•
DENIES ENGLAND'S STAND
£'.! foreign interests.
These are immediate considerations |
which caupo this Goverrir.ent to hope that j
Gerrnsny will h<ssitat« before assuming a j
poiicy at variance with her announced i
purpose when the Chinese trouble began.
In a circular rote to <.he powers Emperor
William stated: "We desire no partition
cf China nrd seek r.o special advantages.
The Imperial Oovcrr.mer.t is imbued with
tho conviction that the maintenance of
the agreement between the powers is a
primary condition fcr the restoration tif
p^ace nra order In China." In what is J
considered in marked contrast ¦with this j
assertion Germany ordered CO .005 men to
China.
Ch5r.c_ on the other hand, has appointed
Prince Tuan. according to reliable infor
mation received at the State Department.
President of the Privy Council and re
warded other hish officials who were
prominent in the Bnxer movement- Ger
many will find In this a reason for con
tinued operations, especially in view of
the arrival of Count von Waldersee. but
the United States will r.ot regard it as
sufficient cause for refusine- to commence
preliminary negotiations. The only effect
will he to cause this Government to make
prominent early in the negotiations its
demand that the responsible authors of
th* outrages be adequately punished.
It Is to be expected that Germany will
rnove swiftly if fhp is to move at all. for
the powers have generally made it clear
to her that her proposal Is not satisfac
tory. The T'nited States tcok the lead In
fl<i»appmvtng the German proposal and
followed it up with ordering warships
to the Asiatic station, and the comfc'na
tlon of the two events is not pleasing: to
Germany, according to official information
received her«*. Following the load of the
"United States. Russia and France have
declined to accede to the German pro-
posaj.
Lord Salisbury mill, according to ad
vices from Enbassador Choate. Inform
Germany that Great Erltaln will coincide
with the view of the United States and
Japan, and while approving the German
proposition prefers that China herself be
allowed to Impose the punishment. In
view of Germany's attitude the authori
ties are very much gratified that the
President ordered the withdrawal of Gen
eral Chaffee's command before the ar
rival of Count von Waldersee. In case
of war between Germany and China Gen
eral Chaffce and his legatf m guard will
remain in Peking to protect the Ameri
can legation. Considerable comment has
teen caused by the Instruction of the
President that Brigadier General J. H.
Wilson remain in Peking, and it would not
be surprising should it develop that he
will eerve as a member of the American
neace commission. General Wilson was
formerly United States Consul General in
Shanghai and Is familiar with Chinese
affairs. ,,, i\
ETTTJATION GROWING WORSE.
Chinese Government in the Power of
Boxer Leaders.
'Boeciml Cabl* to The Call and New Tork H-r
»M. Copyright. 1900. by the Herald Pub
lishing Company.
SHANGHAI, Sept. 26. -The situation In
China. Is now,. more serious than ever be
fore. The Chinese Government Is In the
power of Boxer leaders, who are not likely
to submit to the Empresi Dowager's prop
ositions unfavorable to them. Friendly
Viceroys of the south are still loyal to the
throne, and any foreign aggression In
China will precipitate an armed
uprising. Already the Governor of
Nganhwei province has addressed a me
morial to the Empress Dowager declaring
that his signature to the Viceroys' agree
ment -with the foreign Consuls In Shang
hai was forged. There Is danger that the
Jrienfllv Viceroy will be replaced. Snung,
Administration Officials Pleased That Ameri
can Troops Were Ordered Withdrawn
Before Von Waldersee Arrived.
Kaiser Wilhelm Gives Evidence of His Pur
pose to Retard Settlement of the
Trouble.
APPREHENSION THAT
GERMANY IS RUSHING
INTO WAR WITH CHINA
Former Rough Riders Close in Around the
Governor and Protect Him From
Further Violence.
One Man Succeeds in Striking the Vice-
Presidential Candidate With a
Club.
FRIENDS OF BRYAN MAKE
ASSAULT ON ROOSEVELT
AT VICTOR, COLORADO
VOLUME LXXXVIII-NO. 119.
PRICE FIVE' CENTS.
SAN FRANCISCO, THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 27, 1900.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.MAIN STREET OF NOME DECORATED
FOR THE GLORIOUS FOURTH OF JULY
26. — It is stated upon reliable authority
that the committee to which was referred
the proposed extradition treaty between
the United States and Peru has reported
upon it. . Trifling alterations in, the'treaty
are suggested and these will be discussed.
WASHINGTON. Sept. 26.— The: ex tradi
tion treaty between this country -and
Peru was negotiated last yean • between
the Peruvian Foreign Office and United
States Minister Dudley, at Lima. The
draft coming to "Washington was approved
by the State Department and suDmltted
to the United States Senate for ratifica
tion. The Senate ratified the treaty and
it was returned to Peru to secure the
approval of the Peiuvian legislative
branch. This is now wanting "and press
advices from Lima indicate that the con
vention is to receive amendments which
will require Its return to the United State*
Senate for action.
Owing to Alterations the Document
Must Again Be Submitted to
the Senate.
LIMA, Peru, via Laredo. Texas. Sept.
DELAY IN PERUVIAN
EXTRADITION TREATY
.PARIS. Sept. 26.— Archbishop Ireland
leaves here for London to-morrow,
whence he will sail October 10. He was
decorated to-day .as a commander of the
Legion of Honor by M." Jules Cambon, the
Embassador to the United States, in .be
half of the. Government.; General Horace
Porter, the United States Embassador to
France, and Bellamy Storer," the United
States Minister: to Spain, were among
those oresent.
Is Decorated at Paris as a Commander
of the. Legion of Honor.
ARCHBISHOP IRELAND
TO SAIL FOB IX5NDON
Matter Left in the Hands of Com
missioner MeXeod, Who Will
Fix Percentages.
CHICAGO, Sept. 26.— General passenger
agents of the transcontinental roads met
here to-day and will. meet again to-mor
row to consider the proposed formation of
a transcontinental passeng'er association.
The military rate question proves a hard
puzzle to solve, and before this is done no
decisive action looking to the formation
of an association can.be taken.
The work of the last two days has re
sulted In an agreement to refer the de
cision of " military business westbound
from Chicago to the Pacific Coast to Com
missioner McLeod of the Western Passen
ger Association, who will arbitrate all
matters In dispute and fix percentages for
the various roads. His decision Is to be
final. 1 '.--t«s>.
RAILROAD MEN DISCUSS
TTtANSFORTATTON OF TROOPS
NEWPORT, R. I., Sept. 26.— The board
of arbitrament at Its meeting to-day gave
out Its decision as to the operations that
have been held here the last two days by
the ships of the North Atlantic squadron.
The attack of the Holland on the Kear
sargro was not allowed. At the time the
Holland says she torpedoed the Kear
narge the battleship had her running
lights up, and, this, the board says, was
enough to rule the Holland's attack un
successful, as the battleship was not
looking for an enemy. The board is loud
in its praise of the nerve and courage of
the commander of the Holland, admitting
that she went five miles out to sea when
she was at any moment liable to be cut
down by a vessel. It al&4* admitted that
tl\e trial with her could be considered as
a fair one.
Many are of the opinion that the com
manders were afraid of this craft and did
not wish It stated that their vessel had
been picked up by the new defender of
the seas.
In regard to the first night the decision
is that the Stiletto was successful in her
attack on the battleship Massachusetts,
and that she torpedoed her before she ran
ashore at Fort Adams.
In regard to the ramming of the Kear
sarg« by the tug Leyden it Is the ruling
that the Kearsarge was out of the field
of action at the time and that the claim
Is not allowed.*,
In regard to the work of the torpedo
fleet last night the decisions * entirely
change the reports of the umpire as to
various torpedo-boats. It seems that the
only torpedo-boat that was successful in
torpedoing was the Gwynn. and that she
put out the Scorpion and the Eagle. The
Porter, Morris and Gwynn were put out
by the Kearsarge and the Dahlgren by
the Indiana. This is Just the reverse of
what was reported last night. The Texas
was the only vessel that was not found,
and It is said that she truned tail and
went far out to sea. so that she could
not be found. The operations are consid
ered a success and they will be the sub
ject of discussion In the national war col
lege on Friday. /<
Board of Arbitration Commends the
Commander of the Holland
. • for His Courage.
RTJXINOrS ON THE
SHAM NAVAL BATTLE
PKORIA. 111.. Sept. 2S.-Mrs. Carrie
Jewetc Thompson, wife of John S.
Thompson of I^acon. a prominent banker,
attempted suicide yesterday afternoon hv
shooting herself in the right breast. Sh'»
Is lingering between life and death, with
chnnces against her.
Mrs. Thompson is about 43 years of asce
and her husband about nrteen years oliler.
They only recently returned from a trip
ribroad. Mrs. Thompson is supposed to
have beer, mentally unbalanced.
Mrs. Carrie Jewett Thompson Shoots
Herself "While Temporarily In
sane and May Pie.
WIFE OF A BANKER
ATTEMPTS SUICIDE
The fact that numerically the Increai««
of the population of these cities has com»»
out just about the same during the last
two censuses is more interesting from tho
fact that the rates of increase of the vari
ous cities have varied greatly.
WASHINGTON. Sept. S9.— Statistic*
have been compiled at the Census Bureau
based on the population of larse cities
'which have been announced up to tha
present time which demonstrate that the
155 largest cities In the United States nu
merically Increased In population from ISM
to 100O almost exactly as they did between
1SSO and 1S90. These 133 cities increased
their population 4,706.107 from 1&S0 to 1SW
arid 4.627.953 from 1S00 to 1900, or Just 73,154
less durinsr the latter than In the former
period. Of course, when the aggregate
percentapes of Increase of th« population
of these 155 cities during these two peri
ods are conpared they show that the per
centage of Increase was considerably
lower In the last ten years because the
Increase is compared with a larger popu
lation in 1900 than It was in 1S90.
Previous Ten Years.
Was About the Same as During
Census Returns Show That tho Gain
PRO RATA INCREASE
OF [LARGEST CITIES
J. Volght 1 no
Nell MeAdams 50
C. Carlson 50
"William Hunter 1 00
W, O. Munfrey 1 00
C. J. Chrlstlanson 1 CO
Otto J. Johnson 100
John P. Wallace 50
I«»uls Back . 50
Eugene J. Mahoney..; 100
William O'Donnel 50
Andreas Hansen 1 00
Received by Mayor Phelan: f
Klngman Lodge No. 46», B. V. O. E.,
Kinsman, Arizona fio 00
Hamilton Grammar School 27 SO
Total yesterday $3*7 35
Previously acknowledged' 30,168 25
Total to date. $30,695 60 '
The following subscriptions to the Gal
veston relief fund were received yester
day:
Through the State Relief Committee:
Committee on Printers reported:
Edward Bogqul $iO 00
American Type Foundries Co 15 00
Frank Kastman & Co io O)
K. C. Hughes loco
«.'. A/ Murdock & Co jo CO
Union lithograph Co io 00
Commercial Publishing Company 10 00
Oorse Spauldln* & Co MM
Phillips & Stnythe 10 Ou
P. J. Thomas 5 00
S. I^evlrgston 5 00
Searle & McCllnton coo
Bolton & Stroni? 5 00
Wlnterburn & Co 500
Fllmer-Rollins Electrotype Co 5 00
V. H.Abbott 500
Upton Bros . 500
Brown, Meese & Craddock^ 5 CO
James H. Barry 500
Stanley-Taylor Co ; 5 00
Phillips Bros ' 6 GO
R. R. Patterson 250
Julius Gabriel 250
Committee on Men's Furnishing
Goods reported:
Hastings" ClothlnR Co 60 00
Committee on Jewelers reported:
Heacock & Freer 1500
Alphonse Judis 10 00
Keystone Watch Co 5 00
Fred,L#zlnsky 5 00
A. Mathleu • {, 2 50
Cash 2 00
Committee on Architects reported:
Reid Bros 20 00
Committee on Milliners reported:
J. Rheahan ; ko
C. B. T r l0
M. Stern 50
J. T. Hushes gy
Mrs. J. C. I^-lKh 60
T. V. Hubbell ' ™
Mlsa W. McHarvey 25
Mrs. Weber 1 00
Kva Lundqulst 50
H. M. Holley ...{ j 00
Ollle Condon ->5
Eva M. Fastanel ., 23
Miss I. Klrchner 50
Miss JoeRressen .. ..-.¦!•».' 2.1
Miss M. M. McCormic 2*
Miss M. Nolan 50
Mrs. J. Wise 60
Mrs. C. C. Freeman 50
Mlsa Ray Levin l 00
Mme. B. Oullf 2 50
Committee on Hotels reported: ¦
Cash 7 00
Committee on Coal Dealers reported: .
P. A. McDonald 5 00
W. O. Stafford & Co 10 00
Mullaney & Clifford ' 5 00
Underwood & Martin 2 00'
A. H. Oreenberg 2 50
Pan Luis Oblspo citizens •. 40 60
Bank of California reported:
S. H. Boardman. 6 00
Through the Chamber of Commerce:
From riper-Aden-Goodall Co. and
their employes and connections:
Plper-Arten-Goodall Co: $23 00
James Sharkey 100
Christian Sans 23
L. B. Chapman ion
F. Klesow ....'.. f. . ioo
Paul Pehl 1 00
Fred Rank 1 00
H. M. P. Nlssen : l 00
Pete Moller 50
II. Treumann 100
B. Nelson .....: 1 00
Charles Blanke 1 CO
Charles Klusmann 1 00
Martin Meyers 1 00
Ernst Homburg 50
Herman During to
Nels Setterlln 50
Fred Smith 100
Martin Vanderveen 50
J. H. Mill :..; 100
P. N. Stofen 1 00
J. n. Oakley.... ........'. 2 00
John Svansen :. 100
A. D. Dorrett 1 00
George Haughwout so
H. Behrens 1 no
H.Anderson... S 00
Robert McKlhley ...:........ '100:
Dan Lareen - 1 50 '
T. J. Ixiwney. Jr. ' 1 50 I
Harry Anderson 150
Frank Freltas 100
H. Slemer 1 00
H. Kaht .: , 100
A. Andrews , -' 1 00
Stricken People of the
Trxas^City.
Many More Dollars Come In for the
GALVESTON RELIEF
FUNDS ABE SWELLING
GALVESTON, Sept. 26.— Nearly 2000 men
were engaged clearing the streets, re
moving debris and disposing of dead
bodies to-day. Twenty-five, bodies were
recovered to-day and thirty-five yester
day.
Governor Savers. left here this afternoon
for Austin, where he will consult with the
Attorney General relative to appropria
tion from the city government for a fund
.with which to operate the municipal gov
ernment from now until the end of the
fiscal year, February 2S.
About $100,000 will be required. Gover
nor Sayers discouraged the Idea of using
the relir.f fund for this purpose.
John Daly, who was released from Port
land prison in 1S06. after having been sen
tenced to penal servitude for life in 1SSI
for complicity In an alleged plot to blow
up the House of Commons by throwing
dynamite bombs from the strangers' gal
lery, has been selected as the labor
party's candidate at Limerick. lie Says
that If elected he will refuse to take tho
oath of allegiance. -.,, v
Lord Rosebery's manifesto was a letter
addressed to Captain Lambton, who, In
the course of a speech last evening, hu
morously claimed credit for entlclns
Achilles, meaning Lord Rosebery. out of
his tent.
Considerable interest centers^ In the re
sult at Durham. Captain Lambton of the
cruiser Powerful, one of the brothers of.
the Earl of Durham, Is standing in tho
Liberal Interest at Newcastle, while an
other brother. F. W. I*imliton, is ,the
Unionist candidate at- Durham.
This morning the Dally Mail admits that
"the 'little Englanders' are getting a bet
ter reception than was anticipated, and
the Imperialists are greeted with less en
thusiasm than would have been the case
three months ago."
A. J. Balfour. First Lord of the Treas
ury, speaking last evening in Manchester,
devoted himself to a review of the Gov
ernment's successful domestic legislation.
Other speakers comment upon Mr.
Chamberlain's "attempt to divide the
country between Chamberlalnites and
traitors."
Liberal candidates throughout the coun
try have seized upon Mr. Chamberlain's
utterances for criticism. Speaking last
evening at Frouchie, Herbert Henry As
quith, member for East Fife and former
Secretary of; State for the Home Depart
ment, said that the Colonial Secretary's
attempt to "indict the whole of a great
party as 'traitors' " was a piece of "rhet
orical insolence and ludicrously gro
tesque."
LONDON, Sept. 26.— The oratory of the
Parliamentary general election continues
on both sides with unabated energy. Ow
ing, however, to the fact that the Gov
ernment leaders have decided to light the
election solely on the khaki issue, the
speeches have degenerated into wearisome
repetitions. Canvassers, both Conserva
tive and Liberal, report that It Is Im
possible to arouse the voters to any en
thusiasm. Indeed, the display of apathy
ls so marked as to show that Lord Salis
bury rightly gauged the mood of the
country when he devoted the greater part
of his own manifesto to an effort to con
vince the electors of the danger of keep
ing away from the polls.
Will Not Take the Oath.
erick, Says That if Elected He
i
John Daley. Labor Candidat© at Lim-
APATHY MARKS THE
CAMPAIGN IN ENGLAND
Ventura, the third and last of the 4
big freight and passenger steam- -?¦
ships that are being built here for +
the Oceanic Steamship Company. 4
was launched to-day at ' Cramps' 4
shipyard. Miss Elsie Cronsmiller, 4
niece of John D. Spreckcls, presl- +
dent of the company, gave the ves- +
sel its name. The Sierra and So- 4
noma. the Ventura's -sister ships, 4
will go on their trial trips in a few 4
weeks. The Ventura Is 400 feet ?
long, 50 feet wide and 23 feet deep. -?•
She Is 6900 tofte gross register.' twin 4
screws and has 7500 horsepower. 4-
All three' of the vessels will ply -f
between San Francisco and Aus- +
tralian ports. . • • » 4-
PHILADELPHIA, Sept. 26.-The ?
LAUNCH OF BIG
STEAMER FOR THE
AUSTRALIAN TRADE
Governor Savers Seeks an Appropriation to
Operate the Municipal Gov-.
ernment.
REMOVING DEBRIS FROM
FROM STREETS OF GALVESTON
SOUTH PITTSBURG. Tenn.. Sept. 26.—
Two negroes passed through here yester
day with a negro bound, whom they said
they were going to hang for ah assault
committed on a woman hy him. Officers
soon pursued and found portions of the
negro's clothing in the woods two miles
from town, on the bank of a creek. It Is
supposed the negro was lynched and
thrown into the creek.
Negro Lynched.
They were kept as prisoners forty-eight
hours and then sent away on a cattle
train. They were finally landed at Flush
ing, Holland. The American Consul there
could do nothing for them and the British
Consul sent them to Rotterdam, whence
they came here. Phelps says he was born
in England and Anderson claims to be a
native of Sweden, but both assert they
were naturalized citizens of this country
NEW YORK, Sept. 26.-WUHam Phelps
and John Anderson, claiming California
as their home, arrived to-day on the
steamship Spaarndam from Rotterdam.
Phelps says he went to the Transvaal In
1S91. Anderson says he left Chicago in
1S97 for Johannesburg and engaged as a
miner. When the war broke out in South
Africa they took the neutrality oath. In
July of this year thev were arrested in
Fauresburg by Britisn soldiers and sent
to the barracks, where they claim they
were abused. They protested as Ameri
cans.
* of California Arrested in
the Transvaal.
William Phelps and John Anderson
AMERICANS SAY THEY
"WERE ABTJSETJ BY BRITISH
LAUSANXE, Switzerland. Sept. -
26.— A secret circular addressed by -
Joannicius. the Metropolitan of -
Kleff. to all the Russian Arch- -
bishops virtually excommunicating -
Tolstoi, the Russian novelist and -
social reformer, is published here. -
It declares that Tolstoi Is an i
avowed enemy of the church and •>
that therefore, unless he recants. 4
the Holy Synod will prohibit the x
celebration of all divine services *
and expiatory masses in the event ¦»
of his death.
A .\ . -v . . : . . .' - H
COUNT TOLSTOI
EXCOMMUNICATED
BY GREEK CHURCH
JOHN F. SHAUGHNESSY, A WELL-KNOWN COMMERCIAL TRAVELER, HAS JUST RETURNED TO THIS CITY FROM NOME, WHERE HE HAD THE
PLEASURE OF PUTTING IN THE NATION'S NATAL DAY. AS A MEMENTO HE BROUGHT BACK WITH HIM A PHOTOGRAPH FROM WHICH
THE ABOVE PICTURE WAS REPRODUCED. ' *
There is no change In the situation at
Mahanoy City and all the collieries there
are idle. The men are «juiet, but express
determination to temain out. General
Cobin remained at his headquarters all
ISrookwood colliery was working with a
lull force this morning, when a number
of strikers visited the place and induced
the men to return to their homes. The
t-trikers did not resort to violence.
At Ashland the Bast colliery resumed
to-day with almost its entire force. The
Potts co'liery at Locust Dale and the Lo
«ust Springs colliery at Locust Gap are
ill so in operation.
SHENANDOAH, Pa.. Sept. 2<5.-Th<»
clos'ng to-night of the Cambridge col
liery. riix*rafed by the Cambridge Coal
<Vim|t»ny. completed the tie-up In the vi
cinity of this borough. This Is a small
piant employing about 140 men. and was
the <»nly colliery working to-day between
llazleton and Ashland. D.- R. James, a
member of the firm. Informed Provost
Marshal Miller to-day that strikers had
intimidated the men and that the com
pany derided to suspend operations to In
sure the safety of the employes. Mr.
James told Major Miller that strikers had
entered the homes of Cambrldgif.employes
at right and threatened them with bodily
Jiarm if they continued to work.
of Its Employes.
Cue Mine Closes to "Insure the Safety
It is rumored, however, that Senator
Hanna Is not only doing all in his power
to end the Mnkp but that he almost suc
ceeded in avoiding it before it was or
*W»d. Hip efforts would probably have
l>een successful but for the interference
Of a pelf-cor.stituted committee that up
*et his plans.
INTIMIDATION IS ALLEGED
"No." Senator Hanna answered; "I
have h^ard that somo'of Markle's men
have returned to work, but about all the
information I have is what I get from the
m-v.'Fpaper?."
"I was at Mr. Morgan's office." replied
the Senator, "but I went there to see .a
man from St. Paul."
"Have you been Informed that a settle
ment has been reached?"
"Hut you went to see J. P. Morgan, the
head nf the coal syndicate, yesterday and
to-d?y to see what could be done about
a settlement, did you rot?" was asked.
Senator Hanna was very reticent when
risked about what was being done to pet
tie the strike, and professed to know noth
ing about it.
The strike, it was said, was discussed
et Republican national headquarters yes
terday 'at a conference attended by Sen
nt'jr Hanna. Senator isV-ntt. Treasurer C.
N. Bliss. Joseph H. Manley and Fred S.
Glbtm. Before the meeting Senators Platt
jinn! Dcjvw of. this State and Senator Pen
rose of Pennsylvania were consulted. The
*rs«=ion lasted more than two hours.
John Edmonds, agent of the Philadel
phia and Kodir.g Coal and Iron Com
pany, raid he had heard nothing of such
a conference.
Vice President Warren of the Jersey
Central said he knew nothing of such a
conference and that the Jersey Central
had certainly not been .-"presented.
President Thomas of the Krie Railroad,
who was reported to have admitted that
such a conference took place, later abso
lutely denied that he had made any such
William P. Hamilton of the tirm of J.
P. Morgan & Co. declined to make a
Statement about the conference supposed
io have taken place in the office of his
!irm. He contented himself with saying
th.'it there was nothing to give out and
that nothing had been given out.
"As for a conference of the railroad
presidents, i do not care to say anything
:' bout it. Certainly there is no settle
ment, conference or no conference. In
r» gard to the itory that Archbishop Ryan
• ailed on me Tuesday. I can only say that
he Jiri. but that I was out and I did not
m<-*-t him. I do not know of any repre
sentatives of the miners, coining to fee
me." •¦•
"There is not a word of truth in it. As a
matter of fact, we are no nearer a set
ti'-ment to-day than we have ever been.
V.> started in to right the miners' union
hnd we propose to continue that fight to
the end. •
President Truesdale of the Lackawanna,
discussing the settlement report, said:
i'r«-F:<1f-nt Fowler of the Ontario and
Western and other railroad officials de
clined to talk. Some of the officials would
not even admit that they attended the
corferi-hce.
Mr. Morgan is working hand in glove
with Sfnator Hanna to bring about a set
tlement <jf the anthracite coal strike, and
a report got abroad in Wall street after
the conference that the strike had been
settled.
NEW YORK. Sept. 2G.-The Times will
Fay to-morrow: Senator Haona made an
other visit to the oflice of J. P. Morgan &
Co. in Wall street yesterday, which was
much more protracted than his call on
Mr. Morgan the day before. A conference
was held at Mr. Morgan's oflice which
was attended by all of the presidents of
the coal roads except President Ollphant
of the Delaware and Hudson, who is 111.
dents at Morgan's Office.
Hanna Confers "With Railroad Presi-
The State troops still remain in Schuyl
kiil County, rendezvoused in and about
Shenajxioah. but their services have not
yet been called on for the suppression of
disorder.
The Governor has not yet complied with
the request of the .Sheriff of Luzerne
County for troops, and the Sheriff ex
perienced no difficulty with the strikers
to- Amy,
The Cambridge mine at Shenandoah
closed to-night and the Schuylkili region
is now pretty well tied up. there being
but a few mines at work in addition to
fourteen of the nineteen collieries operat
< <i by the Philadelphia and Reading Com
pany. Some few mines are working in
the Lehiph region, but in the Wyoming
jin<1 Laekawajina -regions mining is almos-r
at a standstill.
At a meeting; of some one hundred and
fifty or more employes or Markle & Co.,
the proprietors of a. colliery operated in
fieriendeni of the coal carrying railroads,
it was decided to accept the firm's offer
to arbitrate their differences, pending
which they would return to work to-mor
*»¦ morning. The strike leaders, how
ever, declare that many of Markle & Co.'s
men will refuse to enter the mine to-inoi
niw and say a majority of the employes
are dissatisfied with the firm's answer to
their bill of grievances.
Affairs were quiet to-day throughout the
region. A shooting affair occurred near
Scranton, in which threje men were
wounded, but the participants, who were
J tailor.?, were all strikers, and the affray
had no direct connection with the present
strike.
There have, of course, been a few dis
turbances, but none of a character at a;l
s»rious, with the exception of the one at
Phfjiandoah on Friday last when a striker
was killed during a clash between a num
ber of strikers and a Sheriffs posse.
A most noteworthy feature of the strike
is the remarkably good behavior of th<;
strikers up to this time, especially when
it Is considered that the claim is mads
that more than JOO.000 mine workers are
idle in the anthracite region.
PHILADELPHIA, Sept. 26.-This was
the tenth day of the miners' strike and
there is no Indication of surrender or con
< on cither side. In fact no over-
Jurrs* looking to a settlement of the dif
ferences have been made by cither tl}«
strike leaders or the operators. Various
propositions of settlement by arbitration
have been put forward by persons not
directly connected with the mining busi
ness, but thus far practically no progress
has bef-n made in this direction.
That this move Is not far distant Is at
tested hy the fact that 200 deputies have
been sworn In by Sheriff Price at the in
stance of the coal companies during the
past few days, and that commissions for
400 coal and iron police issued by Gover
nor Stone were received to-day by the
Recorder of Deeds and distributed among
the five big companies— the Delaware and
Hudson; Delaware, Lackawanna and
Western : Pennsylvania; Temple. Iron
Company,* and Hillside Coal and Iron
Company. .
SCRANTON. Pa.. Sept. 26.— The gains
that the strikers. have been making In the
Schuylkili region have had the effect of
rouslrg thevoperators In this (Lacka
wann.il district to activity and steps are
now- b«"ing taken to drive the entering
wedgp In an effort to break up the strike.
A prominent operator said to-day that the
policy so far pursued of waiting for the
strike to break up of itself will tw» aban
doned early next month, unless something
occurs this week to indicate that action
on the part of the operators will be un
necessary. The plan of tho operators' Is
to have each of the big corporations start
un a few mines and keep them going at
all costs.
porations to Begin.
They Plan for Each of the Big Cor-
OPERATORS TO START WORK.
After the men were discharged an'at
tempt was made to rearrcst them, but
Cujlen and Brennan, got away. Gallagher
wan taken into custody by a deputy sher
iff, but was later allowed to depart.
John Gallagher. Michael Cullen and
John Brennan, the three men who were
arrested at Derringer yesterday by Sher
iff Harvey and deputies, were taken Into
court to-day for a habeas corpus hearing.
They were discharged on a technicality.
Judge Woodward saying the commitment
was a very bungling affair. Counsel for
the defense scored the prosecution for
railroading the men to jail by bringing
them to Wilkesbarre. a distance of forty
five miles, to appear before a Justice of
the Peace, when the men could have had
a hearing at their homes. ,•
Mr. Mitchell rays the Devlin Coal Com
pany of Toluca. 111.. Is paying union
wages and there should be no objection to
men going there. It is said the officers
of the local assemblies do not consider the
reply very satisfactory and that they are
still opposed to miners here accepting po
sitions in soft coal mines. • . ¦ .
President Mitchell has replied to the
communication sent him by the officers of
th<? United Mine Workers assemblies of
Wilkesbarre and vicinity in which thoy
protested against permission being grant
ed to hard coal miners to go into certain
soft coal districts to work, i »
WILKESBARRE. Pa., Sept. 26.— The
tenth day of the strike closed without any
change in the Wyoming Valley.
leases Them on a Technicality.
jtidge Woodward of Wilkesbarre Re-
THREE MINERS DISCHARGED.
The daily production of coal in the dis
trict is steadily decreasing. This is shown
from the shipments of coal from that re
fTion to-dny. which indicate a falling off
of more than To per cent.
The labor loaders claim accessions to
their ranks from both the mines at Eck
ley and Lattimer.
With regard to the general strike situ
ation in the I^ehigh Valley it cannot be
{".•>id that many great gains were made on
cither side to-day. The L«high Valley
Coal Company reports more men working
to-rlay than at any time since the strike
began.
Judging only by the talk of the men, it
looks as if a considerable number of men
will not go to work to-morrow morning.
The force of men at each .of the Markle
slopes is now very shorthanded. The firm
for the time being refuses to discuss any
thing in connection with its future ac
tions.
The men also decided to remain at work
pending the arbitration negotiations and
agreed to ask the firm - to "deduct
from the pay of each family that
returns to work their quota for the pay
ment of the arbitrator selected bv the
men."
The crisis at the mines of G. B. Markle
& Co. has been reached. There were
many expressions among the men to-day
of dissatisfaction with some of the firm's
answtrs to the demands. The principal
grievance of the men is the wage scale.
They ask for only about half of what the
United Mine Workers are demanding.
Operations at the Markle collieries were
suspended to-day so that the employes
could hold meetings to discuss the firm's
answer. The meeting was held in the
forenoon, and this afternoon the commit
tees, composed of employes of the several
Markle mines, with the exception of Eber
vnle (which is completely tied up), made
known to the firm the decision of the em
ployes. They accept the firm's proposi
tion in regard to the hoisting of men from
the slope, acquiesce in the refusal to pay
the engineers by the hour and want to
arbitrate all the other grievances except
ing those relating to semi-monthly pay
and the location of powder house*, which
have been adjusted by the answer of
Markle & Co.
No disturbances were reported in this
region to-day. Rumors of contemplated
marches of strikers are constantly in cir
culation, but as far as can be learned
there is no truth in any of them. The
march e-»rly yesterday morning from
Cranberry to Derringer was kept a secret
until the starting- time, and 'the strikers
may again get away on a similar march.
The Sin-riff is kept well informed of every
move the strikers make in the way of
marching and will try to be on hand in
every instance to see that life and prop
erty are not placed* in jeopardy.
Threo strikers were arrested by coal and
iron police to-day, charged with unlawful
assemblage and trespassing, while walk
ing along the railroad tracks on Lrf-high
Valley Coal Company property between
this company's No. 40 shaft and No. 3
slope in the eastern part of the city. They
were released after a hearing this after
noon.
"The fact that I have called on the Gov
ernor for help is true. 1 have since been
in communication with him and also Gen
end Gobin, who aesurts me tharupon the
Slightest overt act by the unlawful as
sembling of men that he will have troops
here within an hour, and also assures me
that they will stay until all the trouble
is over."
The Sheriff to-day gave out the follow
ing for the information of the citizens of
this region:
HAZLETONT. Pa.. Sopt." 26.— The request
made yesterday by Sheriff Harvey for
troops, although not refused, was not
granted by Governor Stone. The Sheriff
and the Stato officials at UarrlsburK,
however, have an understanding: between
thorn, and if the necessity arises soldiers
will be thrown into this region in short
order. If this be done the first to arrive
would probably be one of the commands
now stationed at Shenandoah. The Sher
ilT had a long talk with Adjutant General
Stewart over the telephone and they
agreed that in view of the calmness now
prevailing throughout the L,ehigh Valley
it would be inadvisable to send an armed
force here at this time.
Vallsy if Needed.
But They Will Be Hurried to Lshigh
TEOOPS NOT YET SENT.
day. To-night tho pentral said there was
no indication of an outbreak around Ha
zleton. althouph ho was fully prepared in
the overu of a call for troops.
The Girardville and Gllberton washeries
were <iosed to-day, the strikers persuad
ing the employes to quit.
Senor Arollay. the Chief Justice; Lean
Pepperman, the Recorder: Mr. Scnurman,
Judge Taft and Mr. Higglns have been ap
pointed commissioners of the Philippine
civil service. This morning the commis
sion enacted a bill designating their line
of procedure.
The commission also at to-day's session
established a bureau o* statistics and ap
propriated J20.000 for expenses incurred by
the War I>epartment in the Philippines.
It is reported that an American scouting
party developed a body of insurgents In
the province of Nueva ITeija. two skirm
ishes ensuing-. In which tweive of the na
tives were killed. Similar brushes have
taken place near Indang and Silang, in
Cavite province, and near Iba and Sublff.
In Zambalia province, the Americana hav
ing two killed and three wounded.
Advices from the island of Leyt« say
that General Mojlca's band has been scat
tered and demoralized by Major Henry T
Allen of the Forty-third Infantry, who
has vigorously pursued the insurgents In
the mountain.*, capturing many and tak
ing a quantity of money, rifles, ammuni
tion and stores.
A party of soouts belonging to the
Twenty-fifth I'nited States Infantry land
ed on the Island of Saxnar. the inhabitants
and insurgents fleeing to the mountains.
The Americans met with but alight re
sistance and burned the town.
I-a»t njght there was outpost firing at
Faete. Pagsanjan and Santa Cruz. In I>a
guna province.
The inhabitants took refuga in the
churches. The Americans have since en
ersetlcally dispersed the enemy, killing
and wounding fifty.
MANILA. S*pt. 26.— On Monday night
vigorous Insurgent attacks were made
upon the T'nlted States outpo3ta in the
district near Zapote bridge, Laa PInas,
Paranaque, Bacoor and Imusj, twelve
miles south of Manila, the seen© of the
fighting last October. It is estimated that
the rebels numbered 4uO, and they wero
armed with rifles.
SKIRMISHING REPORTED
Advices From Lsyte Say That Gen
eral Mojlca's Band Has Been
Scattered and Demoralized
by Major Allen.
Scouts Land on Samar
and Burn a
Town.
Beaten by Troops
and Many Are
Killed.
OUTPOSTS
ATTACKED BY
INSURGENTS
Two More of the Mines Close and the
Schuylkili Region. Is- Now Prac
tically Tied Up.
Some of Markle's Men Accept the Offer
of Arbitration and Will Re
sume Work.
STRIKING MINERS
STILL STAND FIRM
TIO3 SAN FRANCISCO CALL; THUKSDAY, SEPTEMBER 27, 1900.
2
30PES TO END THE STRIKE.
Take Laxative Bromo Quinine Tablets. All
druKRlsts refund the money If it fails to cure.
E. W. Grove's signature Is on each box. 25c •
To Cure a Cold In One Day
CftSH STORE^
Our frier.ds will be glad to know that thuy
old reliable house Is now runn:ng fu!i blast v
under the management of the SMITHS'.
Our long list of articles mailed free of post-
age will interest you and save you money-
The 20-page price list, the "Home Circle." sen:
free as heretofore. Address as above at
25-27 Market St., San Francisco.
p. c
OUR GROCERY floor Is well supplied
with the best goods to be found to the mar-
kets of the world and Is one of the busy place-*
In this busy town. You can save money In this
department al*> on underwear, clothing, dry
goods. 1 notions, boots and shoes and other
articles In dally use. -
ON THE OTHER BARGAIN COUN-
TERS yon will flnd SI 25 old sold felt.
72 Inches wide, at 75c: white or figured scrim.
6c: blanket sheets. «0c per pair; fur paxkaya.
S3; fur lfRslns. $1; chairs formerly used In
rooms now vacant, good and strong. Kc. 50r,
"5c and It: one la re* standing pier glass,
value J-tO. at iV<; canvas telescopes. 85c. 4oc.
65c. 75c and $1: wall paper, good styles and
quality, at the low price of 4c per single, roll,
border to match at cut price*.
ON THE FIFTY-CENT COUNTER
You will flnd a list of bonks, the "Padded
Po«ts" (51 25 grade), also $1 games. SI ink
stands. |1 toy Measets. embroidered slippers
(ladies'). leathtY-back horsebrush.es. Hghtntn?
hammers, steel skates, bicycle bant, men's
blue overalls <with bib or plain), men's dark
vests (sizes W. 25. 36. »1 25 quality), masons'
trowels and various goods of erjual value.
ON THE TWENTY-FIVE- CENT
COUNTER you will find steel traps, qne-
gallon coffee pots, waste baskets, pistol holsters,
bicycle ¦ stalls, bicycle luggage carriers, can-
teens, chest protectors. Ink and mucilage (of-
fice size), 14-lnch decorated lampshades, car-
pet sweepers (child's), Russian Iron boilers.
Alaska hoods, gray underwear, gilt top books,
straw hats and numerous other articles there
and elsewhere In the store.
ON THE TWELVE AND A HALF
"¦¦ w COTJN7 T:1 'R you will find a .va-
riety of kitchen articles of the two-bit kind,
some higher, also 25c toys. 25c books. 25c purses,
25c memorandum and other blank books, 23c
games, 25c stamping Ink. and a great many
other 23c artlclfs that will Interest you.
ON THE TEN-CENT COUNTER
Tou will flnd handsome class flower vases,
pickle dishes with cover, celery glasses, base-
balls, toy chairs and rockers, lunch boxes.
shavlnR brushes, covered buckets, coffee pots,
scrub brushes, humming tops and more of a
variety and quantity than you would care to
buy or carry away.
ON THE FIVE-CENT COUNTER
You will find ribbons In Nos. 7. 9. 12 and 18.
The prevailing: colors are red. black, brown
and blue. Uniform price, 5c per yard: actual
value from 10c to 25c. Also fine or coarse
combs, breastpins, 10c jrames, 10c dolls, 10c
tablets, 10c books, mouse traps, cake pans,
potato mashers., basting sponns. loads of use-
ful and. ornamental things for the kitcoen an]
other rooms In the house. . .•»
ON THE THREE-CENT COUNTER
You will find children's paints, china dolls,
toy whips, balls. 5-cent games <a dozen kinds),
ffardei: tools, clothespins, milk skimmers. Ink.
library paste or mucilage. All of these ar<*
5-cent articles, except those which are 10c and
higher In the regular way.
And part of next will end our great Cut-Rate Bargain Sale to close oat
overstock and get money, and make room for new fall goods now cm the
road, so kindly take notice of the time and supply your wants while the
chance is offered to save money— on many things half, on a few things
more, and on everything something. One and two cent tables will con-
tain things you can use — family sponges, tiny dolls, fire kindlers, cook
books, Alaska maps, photo envelopes, gate hooks, 0. S. chimneys, pot
covers, corkscrews and dozens of other things in large or small quan-
tity.
THIS WEEKPOISONED FROM EATING
PLATE OF CANNED OYSTERS
Policeman Edward Ward of Southern
Station Dangerously HI From
Ptomaine Poisoning-.
Edward Ward, one of the most popular
members of the Police Department, lies
dangerously 111 at his home from pto
maine poisoning. About a week ago Ward
ate some canned oysters and was imme
diately seized with cramps. After reach-
Danish Visitors Banqueted.
About forty members of the local Dan
ish colony banqueted four of their fellow
countrymen who are here from Denmark
on a business tour, at the Palace Hotel
la«t eveninc The guests were F. Gluck
"adt president of the Landsands Bank;
F Vett proprietor of a large department
Btore: E. Stekkebye. an American grain
iYni>orter. and E. Raffel, merchant, all of
Copenhagen. James Madison acted as
toastmaster. and toasts were responded
th bv Captain Charles Nelson, president of
the Chamber of Commerce: Consul 11. H.
Brrkholm and Halver Jacobson.
PTTTT.TP MILLS JONES
IS SUED FOR DIVORCE
His "Wife Charges Him With Deser-
tioa — Other Unhappy Couples
Seek Their Freedom.
Dr. Philip Mills Jones, the prominent
physician , was sued for divorce yesterday
by Jessie Harding Jones, -^rs. Jones al
lepes that her husband deserted her over
a year ago and has since refused to live
v.ith her. On this ground she demands a
decree of divorce.
Suits for divorce were also filed by
Frieda R, Calanan against Edgar E. Cal
ahan for cruelty; Daisy M. Robinson
against Mace L. Robinson for cruelty:
Martha A. Clark against George F. Clark
fr-,r failure to provide, and Ella R. Rogers
against Thomas N. Rogers for cruelty.
__^ EGISTR.ATIOX came to an end
| last night at 12 o'clock so far as
fr^^ the November election is con-
JL % cerned. The total registration is
V 73,945, as against 72,992 in ISM and
62.410 in 1S9S. Registrar "Walsh had esti
mate's the probable registration at 75,000
when registration began, but he and the
party leaders feel well satisfied with the
results accomplished.
The Registrar had put on a. large num
ber of extra clerks, In the main those who
attended to registration In the precincts
and so were familiar with the work. In
all there -was a force of fifty men ready
to receive the rush of unregistered voters
on the last day for registration.
Throughout the day registration pro
ceeded steadily and at 5 o'clock 1300 had
been registered— the largest number of
any day since the new register was
O^" night the crush of belated voters
was unprecedented. The constant re
! minders by the newspaper?, the efforts of
the County Central Committees of the
two parties, working through the district
clubs, and the twenty-foot-long transpar
encies on wagons sent out by Registrar
"Walsh had the proper effect, and no
voter who has failed to get on the register
can blame any one but himself.
The Registrar'? office was kept open
until midnight with a full fcrce of depu
ties on hand, so that however negligent
the voter had been he would be able to
rr -ter if he arrived at the last minute
al.v. A-ed for registration by the law. The
number registered between 8 o'clock and
midnight was 1650.
WILIi EXERCISE .INDEPENDENCE
in Local Affairs.
Voters Will Not Be Bound by Party
In the local campaign the Republicans
intend to exercise the right to vote for
clean candidates, regardless of party
brands. Indications also point to the free
exercise of that privilege by the. Demo
crats. The extent of Independent voting
will astonish the partisans. The Supreme
Court decision overthrowing the primary
election law took away from both parties
the lawful means of creating and organiz
ing municipal conventions. Martin Kelly's
henchmen, by operation of the court's de
cision, were left free to stuff ballot-boxes
at their pleasure and pack nominating
conventions with their sympathetic crea
tures. Nominations bestowed by Kelly's
convention were not derived from the Re
publican party, hence the voters of that
party have a perfect right to make indi
vidual selection of candidates on the
ticket.
In the selection of favorites for the
Legislature the Republicans should exer
cise intelligent and independent discrimin
ation. Take^ for example, the Forty-first
Assembly District. No objection was
made to Democrats who offered to vote
at the primary election for the Dibble
delegation. In many instances the voters
of Democratic faith were not challenged,
hence no tests were applied. It is known
that W. F. Herrin, a Democrat in the law
department of the Southern Pacific, voted
and was not even required to take the
test of loyalty to the Republican party.
Many other Democrats voted the Dibble
ticket at the direction or Martin Kelly.
If the citizens of the Forty-first desire
that Dibble, whose crooked methods are
commented on from one end of the State
to the other, should be again elected to
the Legislature, they will vote for him.
If they think that an honest, square and
intelligent young man should be sent to
Sacramento as the representative of the
district they will vote for Oscar Sutro.
If the voters fear that Sutro Is too young
and Dibble too crooked they can support
L. C. Pistolesi, a lawyer who is older
than Sutro and straighter than Dibble.
As Martin Kelly is reaching out to gain
absolute control of the Forty-first Dis
trict for use in the campaign two years
hence. Republicans should organize at
once to defeat the boss. The Republicans
of the district must make the battle of
their lives to shake off boss rule before
it becomes too late to resist. Every clean
Republican in the district should join the
Horace Davis Republican Club at once.
The absurd notion that a vote against
Dibble will hurt the national ticket ought
to be dismissed as rank nonsense. It is
the cry of the corrupt boss to frighten the
weak and timid. Present and enduring
Republican success can be achieved by
kicking the bosses and boodlers out of
the party. The fight in the Forty-first is
up to the good people of the district. If
they return Dibble to the Legislature the
territory which he represents will be
known hereafter as the champion boodle
district of California. It is a fact that
Dibble never did represent the residents
of the district. He represented the bosses,
the corporations and the general herd of'
jobbers.
Is there a voter in the district who will
dare say that Dibble represented the> citi
zens of the Forty-first when he sat in the
library and divided $7000 of telegraph
money?
In the Forty-second District Melville
Hermann will run as an independent Re
publican candidate. He has a petition ex
tensively signed by leading citizens and
property owners of the district and will
have a place on the official ballot. The
district was not represented in the As
sembly of' the last Legrslature. When the
roll was called. for the election of United
States Senator there was a voice from the
Forty-second in favor of the boss candi
date, but only that and nothing more, j
R. GILES ARRESTED FOR
ILLEGAL EEGISTEATION
the Time and Did It Simply"
as a "Josh."
He Claims That He "Was Dnink at
Robert B. J. Giles, a barber, was ar
rested yesterday afternoon on a warrant
KELLY, THE RINGMASTER.
"Voters "Will Exercise Their In
dependence.
BUSINESS MEN
FORM CLUB TO
SUPPORT KAHN
Organize a Non - Partisan
Movement to Secure His
Re-election.
Prominent Merchants -Praise the
Present Congressman for His
Services to ban Francisco's
Commercial Interests.
Prominent merchants, grateful for ser
vices rendered to San Francisco's com
mercial interests by Congressman Kahn,
organized a business men's Julius Kahn
Club yesterday afternoon and will work
to secure the re-election of the present
Congressman from the Fourth District.
The movement is a notable one, as it
is the first club of the kind ever organ
ized here. The business men themselves
took the initiative without any suggestion
from politicians and among those Inter
ested are some— such as A. A. Watkins
and E. R. Lilienthal— who have in the
past been high in Democratic councils.
The meeting was held at 415 Market
street, where rooms have been secured for
the use of the club. H. D. Loveland was
elected president and Ernest R. Lillenthal
treasurer. Charles F. Tay was chosen as
temporary secretary. A paid secretary
will be employed to do the club's clerical
work.
A committee of five, consisting of Wil
liam R. Wheeler. Ernest R. Llllenthal. A.
C Rulofson. Leopold Klau and Maurice
Feictuch, reported the following names to
compote the executive committee:
Winis.ni R. Wheeler. H. D. Loveland. J. D.
Grant. Andrew Carrigan. E. R. Llllenti-.al. A.
C Ku1o£boc A. L. Bryan, Charles F. Tay,
Jacob Lev! Jr.. A. A. Watklns, Frank W.
tusacr, William Haas. William Cluff. Lewis
P. Wlel. S. Nlckelsturc S!e Stem. Rufua P.
Jecniivcs. E. M. H*-rrick. tVed Staubc. J. F.
L.:uler.eld. E<! Hcrton. John D. Sieb^, Jatnes
Dunn. M. H. Esberg. W. F. Bowers. Charles
M. Gates. Clarence Coburn, W. G. Dodd, Irv
ine M. Scott. Wakeneld Baker, George H. Is
rr.on. A. Schilling, A. CheeebrouKh, M. J.
Fontar.i, Thomas Klrkpatrick. Ed Everett.
IrvtEi; Ayers, Thomas K. Hayes, Jacob Woll
r.tr. Leon Sloes. J. K. C. Hobbs, W. L. B.
Mills. M. Greenebaum, A. J. Hechtman. R. L.
Ulientnal. L. P. Dc««n. Albert E. Cattle. F.
Onva^ruaro. C. 13. Hade. J. K_ Wilson. 1. J.
Truriar^ V. It. Ullman. J. H. Neustadter. G.
P. Lonninger. Leon Guggenheim. Henry
Michaels. Thomas R. Bannerman, J. J. Dona
hue. P. C. Rossi. E. C. Palmier!. E. Raas.
Maurir* Kelntueh. Robert Oxaard, L W. Hell
ir.an, Wi'.llani Alvord.
The report was approved and a motion
to empower the president to select from
the executive committee a working com
mittee of twelve was carried. The presi
dent was also empowered to add to the
fxecutive committee names of residents
In every precinct of San Francisco.
"Though I voted against Mr. Kahn at
the !aet election," Mr. Loveland said, in
explaining^ the objects of the club, "I am
now willing to work in hi? support. He
has a habit of looking after the things
that are called to his attention and he has
been so vigilant and active in caring for
the Interests of San Francisco that he
ought to be re-elected. We invite mer
chants to Join the club whether they re
elde in the Fourth Congressional District
or not. They can work for Mr. Kahn'!*
election., though they may not be able to
vote for him.
"San Francisco's commercial Interests,"
paid A. C. Rulofson, "are the greatest
¦west of the Mississippi. It Is to our ad
vantage to have In congress a man wlrh
the commercial instinct. Mr. Kahn is
tuch a man. He follows these matters up
and forces the departments at Washing
ton to recognize our interests."
William R. Wheeler pointed out that
the Governments system of purchasing
for the army works to the disadvantage
cf San Francisco.
"l^rce depots of supplies are estab
lished." said Mr. "Wheeler. "The depot
for clothing is at Philadelphia; for camp
supplies, at Jeffersonville. Ind. : and for
hardware at New York. We lose the ad
vantage of o-ur geographical position. We
cannot bid on goods that must be deliv
ered at these depots.
"What we hope to secure through the
aid of Mr. Kar.n's able services is the
passage of a. bill establishing a great de.
pot here for supplies for troops here and
in the Philippines. Then we would have a
lighting chance in the bidding. Eastern
bidders •would not be phut out and the
Government's best interests as well as
cur own would be served."
Congressman Kahn was present and
was called upon for a speech. He said:
"I cannot tell you how much I appre
ciate the great compliment you have paid
Be in the organization of this club. I
realize that San Francisco is the great
commercial center of the coast. We nave
great interests at stake. Competition is
keen. The cities of Pugret Sound are
forging ahead rapidly and are trying to
cut Into our trade. In the past San Fran
cisco has not learned the advantage or
keeping a man in Congress and reaping
ihe benefit of his increasing knowledge of
details and, influence In CongTess and
•.raong the departments.
"No man can be entirely familiar with
the commercial interests of a city like
Pan Francisco, and it has been a great
pleasure to me to receive frequent lettera
j.nd telegrams asking me to go to tho
department and look out for certain in
terests. I have courted such suggestions.
*.nd if I am re-elected it will always be
my pleasure to fieht for the merchants
of San Francisco.'
REGISTRATION VERY CLOSE
TO SEVENTY-FOUR THOUSAND
Poolsellers' Sentences Postponed.
The passing of sentence upon H. Muller
and Joseph Mohan, convicted of violating
the ordinance against poolselllng, \ was
continued yesterday by. Judge Cabaniss to
next Saturday. ¦
Wants the Charges Investigated."
The Board of Health has sent a, com
munication to the Grand Jury asking that
body to make an investigation of the
charges of extortion published against the
members and ; employes of the board In
the matter of the recent quarantining. of
Chinatown. 1 The petition states that the
board has requested the maker . of the
charges to furnish evidence to the Grand
Jury, but without avail
New Mail Tube Company.
The San Francisco Pneumatic Service
Company Incorporated yesterday with a
capital stock of. $250,000. of which $450 has
been subscribed by the directors, Samuel
G. Murphy, W. Frank Pierce. ¦. P. Mor
gan. Frank J. Symmes. Benjamin Bangs,
J. W. Thomas. Charles A. Shurtleff, W.
E. L>. Dellaway and A. S. Temple. The
company purposes conducting a pneumat
ic, tube service in this city for mall and
package carrying.
Hayes Convicted of Larceny.
Herbert E. Rayes was convicted by a
Jury, in Judge Dunne's court yesterday on
a charge of grand larceny. On May 22 last
Rayes administered "knock-out drops" to
R. .T. Clifton in a house on Turk street
and robbed him of $35. .
Loaded Milk Wagon TJpset.
A car of the San Mateo electric line
collided with a milk wagon belonging to
H. Estwood at the crossing of San Jose
and Ocean avenue) yesterday morning.
The wagon was badly ' damaged and its
cargo of milk was spilled on the road.
SHRTNT3KS' EXCTJKSION
TO HAWAIIAN" ISJLANDS
How the Pilgrims and Their Wives
"Will Enjoy Themselves on
the Trip.
Owing to the desire of many members of
Islam Temple of the Ancient Arabic Order
Nobles of the Mystic Shrine to attend the
annual convocation of the Grand Lodge
of Free and Accepted Masons the pil
grimage of the Shrine to the Hawaiian
Islands has been postponed from October
7th to the 11th of that month. In view of
this change, many who might otherwise
be unable to go may have an opportunity
to Join the party.
Special entertainment will be given on
the Zealandla evfery night during the trip
to the islands. At Hilo the Shriners will
be welcomed with a reception and dance.
On arrival at Honolulu, excursions by
railroads, tally-ho, rides, visits to the
great sugar plantations and other trips
will keep the Shriners and their friends
busy. " .
Returning home the entertainments will
continue until the wharf Is reached.
Yesterday afternoon Potentate Hurlbut
Recorder Graves and Nobles Adam F
Gunn, George F. Neal, Thomas H
Browne. Alfred Marsh, Joseph Goldman
James G. Spaulding and Boaz D Pike
went to Sacramento where they were the
guests of thrity Shriners of that city
who are to go on the Zealandla.
ing his home his condition became worse
and his relatives summoned the family
physician. The latter diagnosed the case
as one of ptomaine poisoning and ap
plied the usual remedies. Despite his ef
forts Ward became worse, and another
physician was called in. Last Sunday the
police officer's relatives, thinking he was
beyond all human aid, summoned a priest,
who administered the last rites of the
Catholic church. .Yesterday Chief of Po
lice Sullivan received word that Ward,
while ctill dangerousrly ill, had a fighting
chance for hie life.
Some time ago Ward was affected In a
similar manner and for a time his life
was despaired of. ¦ •
The unfortunate policeman for some
time past has been acting aa clerk in the
Southern station under Captain Spillane.
Prior to being mad* a clerk he was as
signed to duty south of Market street,
where he made a number of > clever cap
tures. Being seized with a slight attack
of rheumatism, due to exposure. Captain
Spillane appointed him a clerk in his of
fice. . r !- •
Found Dead in Bed.
George Gardner, a salesman, was found
dead in bed yesterday morning In his
room in the Winter Home, 633 Commer
cial street. Alcoholism was the cause of
death.
Collector Jackson's Funeral.
The funeral of the late John P. Jack
son, Collector of the Port, will take place
at 2 o'clock to-morrow from his late resi
dence, 720 Sutter street. Delegations of
brokers and Custom-house officials will
attend for the purpose of showing their
appreciation of the sterling worth of the
late Collector. The business of the Col
lectorship is being attended to by Stanley
Jackson, son of the late Collector, who
holds the position of Special Deputy, and
who alone Is authorized to act In the ab
sence or disability of the Collector.
Crushed by a Fall of Boxes.
P. Coughlan, a sailor on the steamer
Jeanie, at the wharf of the Arctic Oil
Works was seriously injured . yesterday.
While unloading a quantity of boxes from
the steamer he was standing on the deck
and a number cf boxes fell out of a sling
on top of him. • He was taken to the Re
ceiving Hospital in the ambulance, -where
it was found that his left hip was dislo
cated. There were lacerated wound3 on
his face and scalp and he was suffering
from a contused back and possible inter
nal injuries.
sworn to by Registrar T. J. Walsh before
Judge Cabaniss, charging him with the
crime of illegal registration. The Regis
trar had affidavits showing that Giles had
registered on July 30 at the City Hall from
the Twelfth Precinct of the Thirty-sev
enth District, giving his residence as 76S
Hayes street. Last Saturday he regis
tered at 44 Grove street before Deputies
Michael Smith and L. A. Larsen in Pre
cinct 3, District 39, giving his address as
215 Polk street, and the same day he reg
istered at 131- Larkin street before Depu
ties A. W. Phillips and T. J. Cooney, Pre
cinct 2, District 39, giving his address as
1654 Market street. .-In two cases he gave
his occupation as a barber and In the
other as an electrician.
After his arrest Giles was taken before
Captain Seymour and the Registrar. The
only excuse he offered was that he was
drunk at the time he registered Mast Sat
urday and did it as a "josh" on the dep
uties, who all knew him. He used to live
at 1654 Market street and kept a barber
shop at 213 Polk. He claimed that he was
an electrician as well as a barber.
The Registrar said he had called at a
barber shop at 817 Laguna street, where
Giles said he worked, and ascertained
that he had been discharged from there
about two months ago and that when he
left he took several things with him that
did not belong to him. Giles' record is
not a good one. He was arrested about
six years ago for burglary and was held
to answer, but was acquitted in Judge
Hebbard's court. He has been arrested
several times for minor offenses. He was
cruel to his young wife, and It is said
that his cruelty was largely the cause of
her death in Los Angeles recently.
Primary Election Law.
There will be a meeting of Democrats at
Central Hall. Pythian Castle, to-morrow
evening, under the auspices of the Inde
pendent Democratic Club of the Thirty
first Assembly District, John Heenan,
president. It«is proposed to organize in
each district of the city all the forces
favorable to the adoption of the constitu
tional amendments providing for a prim
ary election law.
The Governor "Will Speak.
At Metropolitan Temple to-morrow
evening. Governor Gage will, make the
initial speech* of his campaign series. He
will discuss the f subject of Imperialism
and Militarism. In the course of his ad
dress he will refer to the arguments ad
vanced by Ex-Senator White and Charles
A. Towne. ¦ .
Talked to Peddlers' Union.
Julius Kahn addressed an enthusiastic
meeting of the Independent Produce Ped
dlers' Union last night at 1159 Mission
street. Three hundred members were
present. An indorsing committee was
appointed to recommend to the union in
dorsements of candidates.
FAIR SEX ENTERTAINED
BY THE OLYMPIC CLUB
Athletes Perform for Edification of
the Ladies — An Excellent Pro
gramme Rendered.
The fair sex held full sway at the Olym-
pic Club last evening. It was "ladies'
night" and the entertainment presented
was greatly enjoyed by the audience
which filled the spacious gymnasium to
overflowing. The programme consisted of
wrestling and boxing bouts, wand drills,
singing and a speech by "Uncle George"
Bromley. The entertainment was under
the direction of John A. Hammersmith,
the popular leader of the club.. There
vere no delays in the programme.. .
After an overture there was some grace
ful springboard leaping by Ed Stack, Har
old Manor,- W. Cavanaugh, H. Bresjern,
Joe Connor, W. O'Leary, George Olsen,
Ed Miller and Professor Robert Leando.
H. W. Schreiber won applause by his
clever club swinging- and twenty-four
Juveniles under the command of Profes
sor George S. Miehling gave an interest
ing wana drill. P. Bayly and J. Splro, G.
A. Hensley and W. King performed on
the mat. Gacb athlete succeeded in get
ting a fall in catch-as-catch-can wrest
ling. C. Jenkins and M. Milward sue 1
ceeded in capturing tirst and second prizes
in the Westmoreland wrestling bouts.
They had as opponents W. H. King, H.
Gray, J. A. Mackenzie and C. D. Pen
thony.
Miss Emilia Siebrecht rendered "Let Me
Love Thee," by Ardlttl, and for an encore
sang another pretty' ballad. The triple
horizontal bar performance of Rudolph
Moll and J. Rand was a feature of the
programme. Moll's work on the bars was
&a thrilling as Rand's was laughable. Lit
tle Cora Louise Spear sang and danced
like a professional.
\V. J. Leonard, a clever amateur light
weight, and Dan Whelan, one of Cor
bett's favorite pupils, put up a scientific
exhibition with the padded mitts. J. F.
McCarthy and C. Milward also furnished
sport with the gloves. Robert Elwert's
bag punching was greatly enjoyed. The
Hawaiian Quartet rendered native melo
dies and E. Kehrlein and O. Kehrlein gave
an interesting exhibition with the foils.
At the close of the entertainment the au
dience descended to the swimming tank
and saw some clever high and fancy div
ing by D. Carroll, F. Doran, F. Burnett,
F. Bayley, Lester Hammersmith, E.
Stack, F. Beale, AI Lean, W. Leonard,
John A. Hammersmith and Swimming
Instructor Sid Cavill. The latter swam
a fast exhibition mile and did fancy stunts
in the water.
GRIP I/OSES TH^ T CABLE
AND CAR SUDES DOWN
Passengers on California-Street Line
Given a Fright and Deprive^ .
of Their Ride.
Shortly before 6 o'clock last night a
California street car slipped its grip as it
was trying to climb the rails over Kearny
street. It was heavily laden and com
menced to descend rapidly, but was
caught by the brakes and backed down
again".
A wait was made for the grip to catch
its breath, andin the meantime a second
car came along and attached Its forward
couplings for the purpose of pushing the
disabled car up the hill.
ThA two with an Increased load of pas
sengers then attempted to "buck" the
grade. They starteu off with a Jolt, as
the grips bit into the steel cable and
chewed for dear life as the gripmen
strove with the levers. Half way up the
steep block above Dupont street there
came a 'roaring, grinding noise and a big
cloud of smoke from under the cars, scar
ing the passengers into the belief that an
explosion was about to take place. They
again stopped, and the frightened people
hustled each other into the street. No
sooner had thirty or forty 6f them cleared
out than the cars again started off, leav
ing the members of the angry crowd to
mourn the loss of their nickels as they
watched the train disappear over the hill.
It was found on examination of the
grips that '¦ the heavy load had caused
them to slip until the friction heat had
burned out the bushings and fired the tar
which is used for the lubrication cf the
cable.
At 12:30 there was another accident
on the California-street road, caused by
the breaking of a grip on Pine street,
near Jones. The grip broke in- such a
way as to keep hold of the rope that
pulled the" car along, but when at the
turn into Hyde street the gripman tried
to let go. the grip still held on.
At that corner the rope goes straight
on to a shive in the center of the cross
ing and then turns, while the track goes
round in a broad curve and the cars make
the turn by gravity* When the gripman
tried to let go and failed, the grip went
straight on with the rope, and becoming
twisted in the track brought the car to
a sudden stop. Windows were broken and
the" passengers were pretty well shaken
up, but no one was hurt.
The board believes that certain
principals in the department have
been governed by political and per
sonal influences in their requests for
the assienment of teachers.— Extract
from a resolution adopted by the Board of
Education.
The Board of Education adopted a reso
lution at yesterday's meeting which con
tains the accusation that certain princi
pals have allowed political and personal
Influences to sway them In their requests
for assignment of teachers. In making
this accusation the board acknowledges
that It has been a party to the scheme by
ignoring the chronological order of ap
pointment which it had agreed to obey.
In assigning Miss Davis to a new class
yesterday the board did so to the exclu
sion of fifteen teachers whose original ap
pointments antedate hers, she having
been elected September 8. 1S97.
The resolution referred to is as follows:
Whereas, While article VII. chapter III. sec
tion 1, subdivision 2, of the charter, provides
that teachers should be appointed and assigned
on merit and successful experience, not neces
sarily on lencth of service; and
Whereas. The Board or Education believes
that this Is the proper mar.ner of appointing
teacher*, nevertheless, owing to the fact that
such a large number of substitutes and un
assigned teachers are waiting to be appointed
to vacancies; and
Whereas. The board believes that certain prin
cipals in the department have been governed
by political and personal influences in their re
quests for the asslrrnment of teachers; be It
Resolved. That teachers from the day sub
stitute or evening eligible lists be assigned In
chronological order to vacancies unless they
have been formerly reported against, and that
principals after giving the assigned teachers
a reasonable trial, shall report, through the
secretary of the board, to the Board of Edu
cation if the teacher is found inefficient.
Miss M. A. Hill and Miss C. E. Beck
with incurred the displeasure of the board
because they left their positions without
permission, and they ¦were dropped from
the roll of the department. Miss Beck
with committed the enormous crime of
asking for a year's leave of absence be
cause she intends to get married and
wishes to pass her honeymoon in Europe.
Chairman Mark admitted recently that
if the lady had only intended to visit Eu
rope with the marriage feature cut out
the board might have granted the desired
leave.
According to the language of another
resolution, William Fogel was "expelled
from the public schools owing to his utter
disregard for the rules," which caused
his principal, L. D. Bartlett, to recom
mend his expulsion.
A new class was formed in the Spring
Valley Grammar School, and Miss F. Da
vis, formerly of that school, was assigned
to take charge of it.
The words "during leave of Miss A. B.
Campbell" were stricken out of the reso
lution of August 15, 1900, assigning Miss
M. A. Latham to the Grant School.
The sum of $3 additional per month was
allowed regular teachers holding special
certificates in music, German and French.
The salary of Mrs. R. J. de Yoe was
fixed at $130 for September, she having
served without pay during August.
The sum of $12 per month was allowed
the principal of the Lincoln Grammar
School for petty repairs upon the school.
Board of Education Makes
Scapegoats of the
Others.
Directors Assign to a Class a Teacher
Whose Original Appointment
Is Antedated "by Fifteen
POLITICS IN
REQUESTS FOR
ASSIGNMENTS
•Assessor Dodge will not be permitted
to retain without a struggle the whole of
the $15,000 polltax commissions to which
Judge Seawell decided he was legally en
titled. Supervisor McCarthy said yester
day that. he would endeavor to formulate
some plan, for adoption by the board
whereby the Assessor would be required
to pay for the collection of polltaxes out
of the 15 per cent commission allowed by
the State. McCarthy contends that the
city should not pay the expenses tor col
lecting- a State tax, though that has been
the custom in the past. The depaty as
sessors receive tneir monthly stipend
from the municipality, and they collect
polltaxes either while making assess
ments or independently of their other
duties.
'McCarthy, has not yet determined In
what way the Assessor may be prohibited
trom ordering the city's employes to col
lect polltaxes and be compelled to pay for
such services out of the commissions al
lowed by the State. McCarthy is in
formed that in an other counties of the
State th» Assessor is required to pay for
the collection or polltaxes out of tne gen
erous commissions allowed. Tne Political
Code is rather vague on the question as
to whether- the Assessor should retain all
of the commissions. ' Section 3862 Bays
that the Assessor for services rendered
In the collection of polltaxes shall receive
the sum of 15 per cent. The last Grand
Jury once had .Dodge "on the carpet" re
garding the way in which this language
should be construed. That body took the
ground that while the code was rather
Indefinite the intent was to pay the ex
pense of collecting polltaxes out of the
commission.
McCarthy will bring the point up before
his colleagues In the shape of a resolu
tion or ordinance at some meeting of the
board in the near future. He says that
even If Dodge were- to pay the expense
of collecting out- of his commissions he
would be lett with a comfortaWe nest egg
amounting to probably 17500 a^year.
City Attorney Lane said yesterday that
he •would take an Immediate appeal from
Judge Seawell's decision, notwithstanding
the published statement that he would
not do so.
Supervisor McCarthy Will Bring
Matter Before Board — City Attor
ney Will Appeal From Judge
Seawell's Decision.
Expense of Collecting May
Have to Come Out of
Commissions.
DODGE MAY HOT
RETAIN ALL OF
POLLTAX FEES
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 27, 1900.
3
DR. GROSSMAN'S SPECIFIC MIXTURE
For the cure of > GONORRHOEA. GLKET3,
STRICTURES and anaiagoua complaint* ut in*
Organ* ot Generation.
I'rtct II a bottl*. For '¦*!• by CruxrUUk
W. M. CUTT-EK, GEORGE STONE,
Secretary. Chairman Bepublican State Central Committee.
\A/Il-t- DISCUSS
/*T THE
GOVERNOR HENRY T. GAGE
IMPERIALISM AND MILITARISM
/VIETROPOLITAN TEMPLE
TO-MORROW
FRIDAY EVENING
CAMPAIGN SO>iCS A^ THE <?UPlRTET.
ALL ARE Ul/ELCOmE.
LAUREL DELL LAKE.
Ilia most attractive place In Lake County ta
spend your vacation. Boating, bathing, bowl-
ing, tennis, livery. n«w walks, etc. Write lor
circular to H. WAM3OLT>.
Laurel DelL Lake County. CaL
California. Treat fishing— finest la tha Stat»—
Fhove! Creek. IS mllea for casting. Hunting-
plenty of game In surrounding mountains-
grouse, quail, deer and bear. EDSON BKOd..
Proprietors. Beswtck. Slskiyou County. CaL
KKAMATtt MOT SffttnCS.
KAHLER'S new ¦ammer resort. Cazadero. Cal.
—Home cooking, excellent fishing and hunt-
Ing; general raise., cholc* liquors, clg&ra;
popular prices.
PARA1S0 HOT SPRINGS,
The Carlsbad of America. 1» now open for tha
winter season. Address C. T. ROMIE. ParaU.>
Springs Cal.
JOHEUMATISM
3 \. "-Cf/RED—.
by tbe waters and th-» mud baths
and the hot mineral baths of
BYRON HOT SPRINGS
Address A. BETTEXS. Manager,
Byron Hot Springs. Cal.
LOMBARD & CO.. JS Geary «t.. CJty Agts.
SKAGGS HOT SPRINGS,
Sonoma County.
Only 4^J hours from San Francisco and but
nine miles of staging: waters noted for medi-
cinal virtues; best natural bath In State; grand
mountain scenery; good trout streams at door;
telephone, telegraph; dally mall and express.
First-Class Hotel and
Stage Service.
Morning and afternoon stages: round trip
from San Francisco only J5 50. Take Tlburon
ferry at 7:S0 a. m. or 3:30 p. ta. Terms. $2 a-
day or $13 a week. References— Any guest ot
the past five years; patronage constantly In-
creasing. J. F. MULGP.EW, Proprietor.
"My vrife was afflicted with uterine tremble
for several years." writes Mr. J. C. Day, cf Little
Britain, Lancaster Co., Pa., "and in November,
1S9S, the doctor said she had a miscarriage. He
treated her for about two months or so, but
there was but little improvement. I wrote you
after she had commenced to take * Favorite Pre-
scription • and yon told us to get * Golden Med-
ical Discovery' also. She took six or seven
bottles of ' Favorite Prescription ' and two of
¦ Golden Medical Discovery ' and got out of bed
and was able to attend to her household work."
Dr. Pierce's Pleasant Pellets cure bili-
ousness.
4«HHERifflQftT{
ADVERTISEMENTS.
patents; 1
s.irii'iti i'^uwi'i,, 'VC'Erey
330 MARKET ST. S.F.
When we «ay "rupture cured" we mean It.
for It l» a fact that durtr.jf the past 20 years
DR. PIERCE" S MAGNETIC ELASTIC TRUSS
has CURED thousands of cases. Nothing elsa
like It. Best retainer made. It doea the work.
Investigate for yourself. E7Call for "Book-
let No. 1." or send 2 cents in stamps. Ad-
drew:
MAGNETIC ELASTIC TRUSS CO.,
G2O Market Street. San Francisco,
Or 1145 Broadway, Xew York city.
RUPTURE CURED.
TO THE rUBLIC!
PIXOLE. JL'NE 23. 1S33.-I TAKE THI3
means of expressing my thanks to Dr. Woo?
>O)|t. Him. 115-117 Mason at..
AEvffmP^ 6. £\. for having curod
fcvgy-^?| me or kidney, worno
»*js5 Y trouble and cancer 'of
VJJitii I itoinach. 1 waa a freat
H< jk * J «ufferer for 15 years, and
t*a/?SN J found no permanent r»-
£JV*i~ I l' et until I tried Dr.
jRjPte-/. IVcrg Him. and ta «U
J§3b!r^^ «^k. months* time he has
*&5foi=L-*4fei£\i c\iTe\ c-. Any r-ersorx
<f *» V '-' >^ I 'rvii*Si» »ishins ran ta certify
ivrT.^g* this can find on*;
MRS. GEORGE BETZ.
Pinole. Contra Ccmat, <*,
BAN FRANCISCO (Cai*. Oct. IS. **»•-*»
Whom It May Concern: This ta to certify that
Dr. Worn Him of 11S-U7 Mason "treet, San
Francisco, has cured me entirely of Urtsiit •*
d!*e<ue of the kidneys and consumption of tno
bowels of Ions standln*. and I am only too
tappy to make this statement for the benefit of
all troubled In any way by diseases. You will
nnd the doctor a gentleman «n ? v % t T r _ w ,*J;_* ery
respectfully. MISS M. J. SHINE.
881 Fulton street. San Francisco.
6 F Dec 4 im— Dr. Wor.ff Him. 1U-117
Mason'it.. 9. F-. Cal.— I>ar Sir: For th« b»ne-
flt of other* I wish to make a statement of my
case which was heart trouble. After treating
with six eminent physicians, my case was pro-
nounced incurable. Hearing cf Dr. Wons Him
and his wonderful cures. I decided to try hU
h*rb treatment. He did all he claimed »rd
after treating six months I am, now well an*
strong. Your respectfully.
MRS. BARLOW. 1CJ7 Mission it. S. i\
Kidney trouble preys upon the mind, dis-
courages and lessens ambition: beauty, vigor
f<N|C -. j j. and cheerfulness socn
(•f'0 _rv disappear when the ki'd-
~^T|ryf^gfi^o — Kidney trouble has
. v[lF'\'^&-J •' become so prevalent
" r^^ that il is not « ncommon
/*/« \V^V^m / for a child to be born
A'V^MK^v 3 afflicted with weak kid-
WBlwdf- nevs - If the child urin-
"C^g-*^*-*- ates too cften. if ths
urine scalds the flesh or if. when the child
reaches an age when it should be able to
control the passage, it is yet afflicted with
bed-wetting, depend upen it. the cause of
the difficulty is kidney trouble, and the first
step should be towards the treatment cf
these important organs. This unpleasant
trouble is due to a diseased condition of tha
kidneys and bladder and not to a habit as
most people suppose.
Women as well as men are made mis-
erable, •with kidney and bladder troublej
and both need the same great remedy.
The mild and the immediate effect of
Swamp-Root Is soon realized. It is sold
by druggists, in fifty- If^Lr-v
cent and one doiiar f^^^^ 1^ £~3
sizes. You may have a |h>£^ ?-f^iJ^jd
sample bottle by mail
free, also pamphlet tell- none of swsnzp-noot.
ing all about it, including many of tha
thousands of testimonial letters received
from sufferers cured. In writing Dr. Kilmer
& Co., Bfnghamton, N. Y., be sure and
mention this paner.
Women as Well as Men
Are Made Miserable by
Kidney Trouble.
DB. XTLIHEB'S SWAMP BOOT.
DR. MEYERS & CO.
>gj||||||[^k Specialists
W»i 1881. Larzest
jv5$S,T ;^p5 Crnsu'.tition
Market St,
iVVtk* " San Franc/sco.
i ; LOVE
Lives only in th< present. Nature throws
a glamor around youth and maiden, so
that although they saw misery and :nar-
riage walking hand in hand in every
home in the world they would fondly
aprajaMpBpBn believe that they
17k *- ou^ marry and
fcR|?&^i i 'y j - ;PL3 understand' how to
SSfeiin^ £§j preserve their
»§i3ss. y^gSSa womanly health
X&S&tixi&sr^SjSgjgR through jf e func-
j^wfe^p^wfe^ tional c^.iges of
t^^lliST \rJ9 ma ternity. Doctor
m£$g?m \\ij Pierce's ' Favorite
f^isiijij I iB FTescrir>tion is the
K^pMj 111 post effective med-
laifeilf/ H icine for the P re "
/ V j servation of worn-
£|j|?!/ / n anly health and the
E&Ml I if cur e of womanly
ffeSp/ / y diseases. It *egu-
&*a/ f I l ates l^ e periods,
tpss $ s_ j I dries enfeebling
|| * \ // ' y drains, heals in-
JHjj {ft / f flamrnation and'
afaggh^ fj? Julceration, and
/ "^^ / cures female weak-
y ness. It prepares
the womanly or-
ganism for maternity and makes the
birth hour practically painless.
"Favorite Prescription" contains no
alcohol, neither opium, cocaine, nor
other narcoticBLUE RIBBON WINNERS AT
THE TANFORAN HORSE
SHOW WHICH ATTRACTED
MARKED ATTENTION.
The bookl«: found !t impossible to put
away any coin laying: prices against th«
trotters and pacers participating in the
exercises at Oakland track, and yesterday
not a chalk mark was made against any
of the starters Jn either the 2:13 trot or
2:15 pace. Miss Jersie, driven by Charley
Durfee, captured the first mentioned af
fair in straight heats and the erratic
Dlctatrus annexed tho purse for lateral
gaited equine*. Neither aroused any enow
of eathuslasm.
As on the preceding days the attend
ance was erood, with, interest entirely con
fined to the runs. Two first choices
ehoTred.flrft over a very plow track.
A 6urprisingrly good price was laid about
Briar Hill, winner of the first flve-furlong
eprlnt. The black hors« looked a legiti
mate 4 to 6 chance, etill 3 to 2 was ob
tainable. With Ruiz up he won In a gal
lop, jarrlngr the books considerably. St.
Anthony took th» place quite as easily
from Sister Lizzie, aa up-country tip.
After many trips to the barrier Louisa
Hayman, trained by Jonnny Campbell,
finally eloped with the lone end of, a
purse. One of; nine starters in the second
dash at five furlongs the ring laid 3 to 1
against the black filly. She quickly as
sumed the lead after the start and never
he&ded, !e<1 Kor Kreedom, the favorite,
out eix lengnhs. Druidess was third.
While Merry Boy. 4 to 5 favorite for the
ffcven furlong number, was bowled over
It was no "easrle-bird" for the books, aa
Flush of Gold had a hoet of friends. The
raiart set thought the distance and tha
weight 10S pounds, too heavy for the last
named tilly. She fooled them by never
being- hwided. breasting ihe tape two
lengths before the choice, ©how honors
In the afterpiece the Abbey Stalr.e cele
brated its third constK'utive win at the
meeting:. Mocorito. piloted by J. Walsh
and an odds on favorite, made her com
jiany look cheap after Midlove had led
6Jmo5t to the paddock. J. Walker tinally
pot up in time to finish second on Pom
)*ino. Hifrh Hoe was played, but lacked
*peed, apparently. Summary:
First race — Trottine. 2:13 class; heats, three
In five; i>urse f,i00:
MiES Jessie, b. m. r by Gesslper <C. A-
I>urfe*» 1 11
•"^fi-udiuF. b. p., by Nutwood (Barstow).. 3 2 2
I>ora I*oe. b. m.. by Don Lowell <.H«x»per) 2 4 4
<"harll<» Me. bik. g.. by McKinney <C.
Weber) 4 3 3
Ne<i Thome, b. g.. by BUly Thornhill
• Hellmar.) d!s
Time— 2:17Vi. 2:1SH. 2:20.
S<^coni race— Pacing, 2:15 claes; heats, two in
thre<; jiuiTe £109.
IHctatus. b. p.. by Red Wllkes (C. Day).... 1 1
1>.'C Wiike*. b. r., by Mambrino Wilkee <H.
Iiimra) 2 3
Ctesarmjr, b. h.. l.y f-trathway <Albert»on).. 3 4
Out Uojr'a Sister, ch. m., by Baywojd
tHellrnan* .' 4 3
Ctooa, ch. m.. by Hmppf Prince <Moorheatl) S d
TUam—t^t, 2:I2H-
Thir<5 rttct*— Five furlonps. Feliinfr: r'Jrse T2S0:
A'.aritda Pt?ble's b!k. h.. Briar Hill. 112, by
l.'uaermbe-liriar Rose diulz). 4 to 6 1
ft. Anthony. 1(3 (Mounc*), 3 to 1 2
Lizzie. J19 «Tlernev). 5 to 1 3
Time— 1:O*V
Zarro C11S). Gilherto <11S»), Canejo C113). Harry
Owyr.ne rjUJj and ilahceany (10S) also ran.
Fnurth race-Five furlongs, selling; purse J2C0:
Doblp «.- Co.'s blk. f.. L<->ui«e Haj-man. 103,
by Hawksley-Funbeam <Stuart). 3 to 1 1
Fc Frwdnm, inz <J. Walsh), g to 5 2
I>ruide6E, 1U3 (J. Woods*. 4 to 1 3
Tlme-l:C:«4.
Ahwrihnfe (1CS). Letlser (in3>, Pldalia C1031,
Dlanora «1I?). Gussie P*»y <10S) and Jack Mc
i'a.>>e H f <9) aJso raji.
Fifth rafe— Seven furlcr.es, selling; purse C30-
Owen Bros.' ch. f., FIufIi of Gold, 10S, by
Koyal Flush-Gold Cup (Stuart), & to 5 1
Merry Boy. ;i4 <J. Woodp), 4 to u 7
<"a-?<iiile. 1J4 (Heniwsfy), 5 to 1 3
Time— 1:2SV
•'roker <IU) and Socialist (114) also ran.
Sixth race— Six furloncs, selling; purse $2jO:
Abbey Ptable'p oh. bl, Mocorito. 113. bv
Amtpo-Kanta Monica U. Walsh), 2 to 3 .". 1
I'omplno. V.t (J. Walker), 4 to 1 I
Miolove. li^ (Fauntlercy), 2 to 1 3
Time— l:i;»4.
High Hoe OQ3). ISrown Prince (103) and The
Milifr c3fi"> also ran.
Track Notes.
Claudius must have been very tired
fefter his race. That is. his jaws must
have been.
D. L. Pringrle, secretary of the newly
orpanized San Francisco Jockey Club,
v.as a ppectator at the track yesterday!
Mr. Prinjde only recently returned from
the East and think? it more than probable
Koxhall Keene will send some horses to
race here this winter.
To-I>ay's Entries.
Following are the entries lor this after
noon's events:
Firft race— Free for all; gentlemen's road
race; h«-at£. three in live.
Mattie B. Catlnka.
Hrino* C. i OhlH Peterson
Harvey B.
Sp<-r»nd rare — 2:1* clase trot; purse $300; mile
b.pat*. two in three.
Vendome. 1 Mary L.
Juan Cfaloo. i Hank,
Turn Smith.
Third race — Six furlongs; maWen three-Year
olds and uuward; purse.
ir,l Towser 103 1 1234 Amador 103
Aznr lcsj 12C0 Fernet 113
ISM Trevathan lid Fermo us
ir.4 rrchln lib 32i4 Hirm Johnson.113
UMUUoa m 12C3 Gold Finder. ...113
!;:;« fcister Lizzie.... llii 12C0 Atelog 103
Sen. Matts US
Fourth rac* — One mile and a sixteenth; three
year-n!<5s and upward; selling.
1^6 Fplkp S4 125« Sunello 97
li"* El Mldo lin 12C1 Ktromo 101
12T.1 Alturas 113 1245 Limber Jim.. 104
U'4*> ndgardo 97
Firth race- Futurity course; three-year-olds
«nd upward; sellinjr.
122K St. A|«iK>linari8.107j 1263 Haxry Gwyr.ne 113
!S* Hraiiiiw Lark.. 112- 12C2 Htorm Kln^ 11;
IftttGtrbQ YA liim Tlburon u»
i^i"2 Novia 112
Sixth rare— One mile and one-eighth; four
year-olds and upward: purt<e.
iai None Such 104 1247 Vlncltor 107
!?¦"•& Alicia 1(4 12:i Ping ..1C>4
I'm Malay 104; 12^ Snips 1G4
1T47 Grand Kaoh»m.l04:
Bookmakers Quit Laying
Odds on the Trotters at
Oakland. •
The Bdng: 'Was Touched Up Over
the Win of Briar Hill— Flush
of Gold Scores
Again.
HARNESS HORSE
FOLKS TOO WISE
Two Canals Binding Atlantic.
~ It Is , asserted that '* the ", future ' will see * two
canals binding the Atlantic to the Pacific ocean.
The value ; of .; such connection cannot be too
highly estimated.: It will bring added prosperity
to the nation v as surely as Hostetter's Stomach
Bitters brings health: to the . dyspeptic. If you
cannot get rid of your Indigestion, constipation
dyspepsia or biliousness try the Bitters, and
never accept anything in place of It if you wish
to eet well.
WEEKLY *
Wrestling Tournament.
¦¦ DES MOINES, Sept. 26.— In a wrestling
tournament here to-night, in which Farm
er Burns, Frank Gotsch. D. A. McMillan,
Krnest Roeber and Ole Shellenberger par
ticipated, the results were:
_Got*eh threw Roeber In 5% minutes.
Schellenbercer threw Gotsch In 10 minutes
and Gotsch threw Schellenberger twice In 12
minutes. . ¦ . . ~ < .
Burns threw McMillan in 4H minutes; Mc-
Millan threw Burns in 7 minutes; Burns threw
McMillan In 7 minutes...
Burns failed to throw Gotsch in 15 minutes.
Williams Knocked Out.
SAVANNAH, Ga.. Sept. 26.— Sam Cor
coran of this city to-night knocked out
Tom "Williams of Australia in ¦- the sixth
round.
• -¦ -¦ • -.-.-. » —r~ .. i >¦-,.:'. ¦¦ -
MELBOURNE. Victoria.' Sept. 26.— The . Fiji
Islands are taking steps to federate with New
Zealand.
Onwentsia Team Wins.
CHICAGO, Sept. 26.— Teams from eight
of the most prominent golf clubs contest
ed to-day for the Marshall Field trophy
in the opening day of the Western golf,
championship at Onwentsia. As was ex
pected, the Onwentsia .team carried off
first honors. The play was against bogey
and the five members of the Onwentsia
team finished with- a total of 30 down
Glenview was secoriti. finishing 76 down
and the Town and Country Club of St
Paul third, finishing 76 down. The other
seven clubs finished as follows: Mid
lothian,'84 down; Skokole. 93 down: Edee
¦ water, 110 down; River, Forest 125 down"
Belrtiont," 125 down. — .'
§$£»?• 6: V Jc^;^^- £. ln c h . es 3
O . 6 A-c!f : 4~
Inches. ' 8cratcn; Eclgren, O. A. C, 18
Running broad Jump— Lyons. S., 8 Inches-
Mau..O. A. C. 9 inches; Wller. A. A. L 9
i? i^« Na . r .? more ' s - 6 «nches; Drum. U. C.|
12 nches; Cutter. O. A. C. 8 inches; Burgers
O. A. C, lo Inches; Stapff, H. E. H. S
Inches; Irwin, O. A: C, 24 Inches; Topham.' U
£ Vf Crat f h: A Abadle. O. A. 5 C. 12 Inches;
Bowles, A. A. L., 15 inches.
throw— Volz. A. A. L., 30 feet; Cut
ter, O. A. C. 22 feet; Brooke, S.; 22 feet; Plaw
U.C., scratch; Edgren.O. 1 , A. C. 15 feet.
440 yards, hurdle— Davis, S.. 10 yards; Bur
ffers. O. A. C, 12 yards; Service, U. C. 10
yards; Ferem, unattached, 12 yards; Doyle, O.
A. C, 2S yards; Esplnosa. O. A. C. 17 yards;
V.Vckoff, A. A. L., 15 yards; Valliere, A. A.
L.. 10 yards: Drum, -S., scratch; Gerhardt, O.
A. C. scratch; Thomson, A. A. L., 10 yards.
220 yard dash, final heats; first and second in
each heat qualify for final. First heat— Drum,
U. C. scratch: Cutter, O. A. C., 4 yards; Wil
cox. A. A. L., B yards; Jacobs, unattached, 5
yards: Healev, A. A. LV, S yards.
Second heat— Gerhardt, O. A. C.,' scratch;
Dunn, S.. 4 yards; Thomson, A. A. L., 5 yards;
Jones. J-L E. If. S., 5 yards: Turpin. A. A. L..
VS yards; Doyle. O. A. C. 12 yards.
:"20 yards, hurdle, trial heats; first "in each
heat to qualify for final. First heat— Powell,
U. C.. 3 yards: Naramore, S., 6 yards; LlKda,
Y. M. C. A.. 9 yards.
Second heat — Woolsey. U. C, scratch; Dorr,
O. A. C. 9 yards; J. A. Wilcox, Y. M. C. A.
(Portland). S yards. .
Third heat— Thomas, O. A. C, 7 yards; Wel
ler. A. A. L.. 8 yard*
100-yard dash, scratch, final, for the Henry
Crocker championship cup— Abadle, O. A. C ;
Gerhardt, O. A. C; Manor. O. A. C. : Healey,
A. A. L.; Drum. U. C; Llgda, Y. M. C A.
(Oakland); La Valliere, A. As L.; Lamb. 8.
One mile relay race for A. A. L. . schools,
fix men to each team, each .man running
233 1-3 yards straightaway, winner to receive
Henry Crocker cup — Blue, Oakland High
Schrol; gold. Berkeley High School; red, Low
ell Illsh School.
FIELD EVENTS.
Pole vault— Boll, A. A. L., 12 inches'; J. A.
Wilcox, Y. M. C. A. (Portland). 12 inches; Bur
pee. A. A. L.. 12 Inches: .Dole.: 8., 4_inches:
Beach, S., 4 Inches; Irwln, O. A. C. 4 inches:
Boyd, U. C, scratch: Cutter, O, A. C, scratch;
Hoffman, U. C, scratch. - • ¦¦
Running high jump— Cavanagh, O. A. C, 8
Inches; Lijrda. Y. M. C. A. (Oakland), 5 Inches;
Clifford, >U. C, 5 Inches; Doyle, S., 5 Inches;
The handicaps for the field day to be
held at Tanforan Saturday under the
auspices of the Pacific Athletic Associa
tion have been fixed. Athletes from Stan
ford University and the University of Cal
ifornia, the Academic League, j Young"
Men's Christian Association, Olympic Club
and the Humboldt Evening School will
compete. i
The entries and handicaps are as fol
lows: ,
TRACK EVENTS.
lfXt-yard dash, handicap, trial heats, first and
second men qualify for final: First heat — Aba
die, O. A. C, scratch: HerreghofT, U. C., 4
yards; Cutter, O. A. C, 3 yards; N. Wllcoz, A.
A. L., 4 yard*; Mau, O. A. C. 4 yards; Lyons,
S.. 4 yards.
Second heat— Drum. I". C, Bcratch; Turpln.
A. A. L., 5 yards; Manor, O. A. C, 2 yards;
Fontes, H. E. H. S., 5 yards; Lamb, S., <
yards; Wilcox. Y. M. C. A. (Portland), 5 yards.
Third heat— Gerhardt. O. A. C. scratch;
LdRda. Y. M. C. A. (Oakland), scratch: La
Valliere, A. A. L.. 4 yards; Jones, H. E. H. 3.,
4 yards; Dunn, S., 5 yards; llealy, A. A. L., 5
yards.
880-yard run— Wyckort, A. A. L.. 30 yards:
Bayly. C. C. 20 yards: Esplnosa. O. A. C, 4C
yards; Clifford, U. C. 15 yards; Doyle. O. A. C.
65 yards; Lamont. O. .A. C, scratch; Service,
U. C. scratch; Smith, O. A. C. scratch; Cava
lier. H. K. H. S., 33 yards; Pape. O. A. O!. 40
yards: Ferem. Un., 30 yards; Graven. A. A. 'L.,
12 yards; Mathewson, A. A. L-, 60 yards; Bur
ners, o. A. C. 15 yards; Hamilton, S., 10
yards: Davis, S., 23 yards; Smilie, A. A. Ii.,
S5 yards; Healy. A. A. L., IS yards.
12a yards, hurtle, trial heat, first in each h«at
and second In fastest heat qualify for final.
First heat— Thomas, O. A. C, scratch;-Wel
ler. A. A. L.. t yards.
Second heat— Powell. V. C. 8 yards; Bowles,
A. A. L-. 9 yards; Wilcox. Y. 1L C. A.. 8
yards. ¦
HANDICAPS FOR ATHLETES ARE FIXED.
Great Danes numbered only three, one
In each class, each securing a first; the
winners fell to Irving Ackerman's Beau
Brummel II, with the novice dog Dick,
reserve; between the latter and the limit
dog, Blue Beard, there was not much to
choose. Only, one bitch appeared, Mrs.
Howard Sellers' Jetta of i Millbourne, a
remarkably good specimen.
Two fair specimens of the Russian wolf
hound came down from British Columbia
and were fairly entitled to their ribbons.
The awards were as follows: .
Mastiffs: Novice, dogs— First, Major D, Miss
T. Dinkelsplel. Limit, dogs— First, Sharkey. W.
K. Meek. Open, dogs— First. Champion Cali
fornia Cybe, W. E. Meek. Novice, bitches—
First, California Queen, Miss F. J. Hatje.
Limit, bitches— First, California Queen. Miss F.
J. Hatje. Open, bitches— First, California
Queen, Miss F. J. Hatje. "Winners. dogs-
Champion California Cube; reserve, Sharkey.
Winners, bitches— California Queen.
St. Bernards (rough-coate): Xovlce, does —
First, Sir Robert Bruce,' Thomas D. Brown; sec
ond. Grand Master Jr., Philip C. Meyer. Limit,
dogs— First, Le King, Philip C. Meyer; second
California Kboracum, Oakland St. Bernard
Kennels; third. Omar Khayyam, Mrs. F. A.
Getzler; V. H. C, Sir Robert Bruce, Thomas
D. Brown. Open, does— First, California Eb6
racum, Oakland St. Bernard Kennels; second,
Omar Khayyam. Mrs. F. A. Getzler; third. Sir
Robert Bruce. T. D. Brown: V. H. C. Grand
Master Jr.. Philip C. Meyer. Novice, bitches—
First, Princess Nairod, Nalrod Kennels; second,
Venus of Mllo, Philip C. Meyer. Limit, bitches
—First. Alta Rachel, Philip C. Meyer: second.
Lady Melba. Oakland St. Bernard Kennel*;
third. Princess Nairod. Nalrod Kennels; V. H.
C. Beauty, Fritz F. Lueck. Open, bitches—
First, Alta Rachel, Philip C. Meyer; second
Lady Melba. Oakland St. Bernard Kennels.
AVlnners. dogs— Le King; reserve, California
Kboracum. Winners, bitches— Alta Rachel; re
serve, Lady Melba. •
St. Bernards (smooth-coated) : Limit, dogs and
bitches— First, Fulvo of Hauenstein, F Frey
second. General K, E. D. Conolly. Open, does-
First, Fulvo of Hauenstein, F. Frey; second
General B. K. D. Conolly. puppy bitches— Prin
cess of Solano. D. D. J. Vogelmann. Winners
dogs and bitches— Fulvo of Hauenstein; reserve
General B. '
. Great Danes: Novice, dogs — First, Dick W
W. Merriman. Limit, dogs— First, Bluebeard'
Posen Great Dane Kennels. Open, does— First'
Beau Biummel II, Irvlng.C. Ackerman.. Puppy
(bitches), novice (bitches) and limit (bitches)—
First, Jetta of Mlllbourne.jAIrs.. Howard Sellers
Winners, does— Beau Brtimmel II; reserve"
Dick. Winners, bitches— Jetta of Mlllbourne '
Russian wolf hounds (Borzois): Open dosr9
and bitches-First, York. Cecil Ward Nelson
second, vv anda, same owner. *
American fox hounds: Puppy doe's Second
Drive, W. S. Kittle. Novice, dogs-Fa-at!
Colusa Kennels. Limit, dogs— First, Guy Co
lusa Kennels: second. Murderer. Stange &
Hennlng. Open, do»s— First. General Moltke.
Charles K. Harley. Novice, bitches— First— Flv
E. A. Green. Limit, bitches-Stocklns, Colusa
Kennels May, Colusa Kennels. Open
bitches-First. Sappho. Colusa Kennels: second
Harkaway. Colusa Kennels. Winners, doss—
2?. y l re a serv f- General Moltke. Winners,
bitches-Sappho; reserve. Stocking. '
, The twenty-five mile race for vaqueros
has beeh postponed until Friday. On the
same day Miss Jane Marion will give an
equestrian exhibition. A special train will
eave at 10 a: m. on Saturday for the K
letes and those Interested in the coast
championship games."-.
Siilted In a blue ribbon for one of J. Dow
?iey Harvey's unnamed. John Lawson's
Indian Chief second and. F. J. Carolan's
Prince Charming third. .-
The last of the horse exhibits was for
jumpers. F. J. Carolan's Merry Boy waa
decorated with blue, an unnamed owned
by Downey Harvey getting the red and
K. D. Beylard's Friar the white. . .
The pony and steeplechase racing con
cluded the programme. But two races
were run, owing to the lateness of the
hour. The first, between F. J. Carolan's
Three Cheers, Jones up, Carolan's Prin
jcess Flavia, Walter Hobart up, and J.
J. Moore's Squaw, Charte3 Dunphy up,
finished in the above order. This race
was for a quarter of a mile. The second
race, mile and a half, over hurdles, was
won easily by Allen on Peter Martin's Six
Bits, Lomax on John Lawson'a Blucher
second and Lenhart on T. A. Drlscoll's
Absinthe third. Lenhart was thrown in
jumping -the third hurdle, but he picked
himself up and finished within the money.
The dog show opened with great eclat.
The aisles., whereon reposed the repre
sentatives of all that is most aristocratic
in canine haut ton, were crowded, despite
the fact that the dogs had to compete
with other and strong attractions. In the
first place, the dogs were expelled from
the judging ring because the ring was
needed for the accommodation of the cat
tle. The expulsion served to ruffle the
friends of man and was doubtless the
cause of the Irritability of temper that re
sulted in a fight in the judging ring be
tween two St. Bernards, Sir Robert Bruce
and California Eboraciim. Eboracum did
most of the biting, incidentally sinking a
few teeth in the hand of his trainer, who
¦was acting as peacemaker.
Judge Lacy's decisions were received
with approval. The mastiffs were few and
poor, with the exceptions of Champion,
California Cube and the latter's offspring,
Sharkey, who obtained, respectively, first
and reserve in the winners. Miss Hatje's
California Queen was alone In her classes
and took first in the winners also. The
sensation of the show waa sprung in the
shape of that notable winner, Le King,
by Champion Le Prince out of Sylvia s
Lola, who at an outlay of $500 has been
brought out from Mrs. Lee's kennels at
Toledo by Philip C. Meyer. Mr. Meyer
certainly proves by deeds his enthusiasm
for the saintly breed, and his Judgment
was justified to-day by the ease with
which Le King disposed of his rivals
winning first in every class. Le King hav
ing just arrived from the East, was not
in the best condition, and neither was his
kennel mate, Alta Rachel, but both were
good enough to win out. The exhibition
of St. Bernards more than made jup for
their lack of quantity by their quality
there were only thirty-one entries, and
not a poor specimen to»be seen. Omar
Khayyam, the Los Angeles dog, was in
rare form, and it was a close race be
tween him and California Eboracum for
second honors. The latter won on his
superior activity. Another representative
of the Oakland St. Bernard Kennels took
the reserve in the bitches, Alta Rachel
winning out, Mr. Meyer and Mr. Fayely
thus carrying off first and reserve winners
respectively in both sexes.
Tho Tanforan Fair opened yesterday
morning- with a continuation of the horse
enow, switched In the early afternoon to
a livestock parade, went back to the
horse display soon after and wound up
with two races for polo ponies. While the
horses were jumping hurdles, looking
proud under the finest of harness and
prancing up and down the course, the dog
fanciers were dragging their pets into the
Judging ring, while the cattle owners were
watching with solicitous eyes the judges
of livestock as they passed upon the best
of their herds.
The programme of the third day of the
fair was the most varied of all. This did
not help the attendance to any great de
gree, although society showed itself late
in the afternoon. Fresh and gay in after
noon dress, many of the guests of the
Taylor-Hopkins wedding dropped into
Tanforan un their way home from Menlo
Park and created considerable stir. Then
it was that the gentlemen riders and
drivers displayed a sudden and absorbing
interest in the exhibitions and races. Wal
ter Hobart, with his lame shoulder, rode
and drove. Henry Crocker tugged at the
reins once again. Frank Carolan did
fancy stunts upon a fancy horse. Every
groom in the Bvirlingame colony was
called into action.
Early in the day A. B. Spreckels' thor
oughbred stallion Creighton was paraded
and won easily in till classes in wnich he
was entered. Another blue ribbon for
Mr. Spreckels was obtained by the exhi
bition of a black yearling colt by Puryear.
out of Straight Tip. McKinney, owned
by C. A. Durfee, entered in the stallion
class with four of his get. received the
iirst mark of distinction. In class 10 for
stallions three years or over McKinney
and Ben Liebes were the only entries and
took prizes in the order named. W. O.
Booths Black Wllkes. two-year-old, was
awarded a blue ribbon without competi
tion. Prince B, a yearling stallion exhib
ited by \V. P. Batchelder, received a bit
of blue, and Flora M. a brood mare, was
equally as fortunate. S. Ohristenson's
Simone. in class 14, for mares three years
or over, was the only entry, Eulah Me
having been withdrawn. Juan Gallegos'
Lrinda. the only two-year-old filly entered,
and Estrella, a, yearling belonging to the
same owner, won first prizes.
In class 40 a split was made on account
of breed. H. G. Goecken's Chief of Kneip
hausen. a three-year-old stallion, took the
blue ribbon from Native Son, same owner
W. H. Howard's British Oak, age 18 years,
was decorated with the blue, as was also
Joseph Riser's Uncle Sam.
Charles Neuman's roans, Maud Neuman
and Neerbell. fell before John Parrott's
Cockade and Crinoline in a competition
on quality, action and going. In class SO
John Parrott's Bravo received a blue rib
bon, W. S. Hobart's Madison Square the
red and same owner's Monarch the white.
The high-steppers' class was a victory for
Bravo also, P. J. Carolan's Athlete and
Silver Tips taking the other prizes.
Henry J. Crocker's road tandem Clover
dale and Moorland won from E. D. Bey
lard's unnamed team and F. J. Carolan's
Sporting Duchess and Silver Tips.
In class 96 P. J. Carolan's pair of ponies.
Fiddlesticks and School Girl, took iirst
prize. Peter Martin's Sheet and Bumps
getting the red. The pony four-in-hand
competition between Peter, D. Martin's
and F. J. Carolan's teams went to the
latter.
Marion, yearning for competition in the
gaited saddle horse class, exhibited by
William C. Smith, was decorated with a
blue ribbon. P. J. Carolan's trick mare,
the Sporting- Duchess, was a blue-ribbon
winner, only entry in class 112. Henry
Crocker's Bessie In class 114 took a pony
prize, sole entry.
In the qualified hunters' class "F. J.
Cardan's Spectator won a blue ribbon and
his Merry Boy the red. E. D. Beylard
was disappointed, getting the white
streamer. The green hunters' exhibit re-
Th'e midweek stake at Union Park yes
terday furnished many long, hard courses
and quite a number of the entries were
withdrawn in consequence. Sara won tho
stake by default. Rusty Gold, who was
to be her opponent, had more than his
share of work and in his last run went
such a long route that he was unable to
come back and consequently forfeited.
Random Aim, -in the semi-final, after a
hard day's coursing, was slipped with
Rusty to a strong hare, which gave the
dogs all kinds of running close to the
escape. While doing his. best the Pasha
Kennels' entry fell, and though making a
strong effort could not get on his feet
for v Bome time. When he did recover he
tried for the game." but the course was
ended.
Sara made a good showing in the stake
and allowed- her opponents to score but
few points.
Cruiser was an important factor In the
day's sport and his work Illustrated to a
degree the Ins and outs of coursing. In
the run-down he was drawn against Jesse
Moore, and the talent made him a 2 to 1
favorite. He lost, this course and further
along in the round was selected as the
bye doj? with Aeneas. His previous work
handicapped him against a fresh dog and
5 to 1 was quoted against him in thB
course. He surprised even the stouteut
piker, and landed a winner. Then in the
next round, against For Glory, of whom
so much was expected, Cruiser got the
flag in a long course and had. points to
spare. For Glory was a 10 to 1 favorite,
and after this severe run was withdrawn.
¦ As good as 15 to 1 was offered against
"Wild Monarch in hit* po with Patriot, out
she outworked McComh's dog and won ny
a score of IS to 14. Half a dozen other
short ends made the stake Interesting t'J
the jpikers.
Tile day's results, with Judge Grace'3
official scores, follow:
Midweek stake, first round— T. J. Mclnerney's
Resina K beat J. Byrne's Master BIy, 7-5;
T. J. Oronin's I>ppfnd On Me heat Chlarint
Bros.' Palmyra. 8-6; T. J. Mclnerney's Johnnie
R beat T. J. Cronin's Terry McSovern, 22-7;
M. B. Kavanaugh's Swedish beat'J. Byrne's
Olympus, 1S-9; J. Sixth's Master Workman
beat F. Boyle's Secret, 8-4; Pasha Kennels'
Rollicking Airs beat Jeff Martenett'B glim. 10-5;
Pa.sha Kcr.nels' Round About beat L. F. Bar
ters Kest Bargain, 6-2; Pasha Kennels' Ran
dom Aim beat R. L. Taylor's Beauty Spot,
15-12; J. J.S Kenny's Hot Haste. beat T. J. Me-
Inernpy's Tommy Rex. 6-0; Aeneid Kennels"
Achilles beat Sterl & Knowles' Wag. 4-2; L.
F. Barters Banner Bright beat J. Cone's Red
Glenn, 14-4; Pasha Kennels' Recording Ahgel
beat A. Meyer's Rowdy Boy, 36-4; T. J. Cro
nln's Vixen beat E. Dougherty's Bawnmor«>,
15-4; W. Creamer's Jesse Moore beat J. H. W.
Muller's Cruiser. 8-6; Aeneid Kennels' Athena
beat T. J. Harrington's Southern Girl, 24-0;
T. J. Cronin's Maid of Bail beat Chiarinl
Bros.' Bunco Bill, 12-10; Sterl & Knowles'
Sleety Mist beat Pasha Kennels' Risky At
tempt, 28-5; D. Ford's Bonita beat J. Dennis*
Very Interesting. 6-1; R. E. de B. Lopez's
Sara beat E. Dougherty's Springfield Boy. 10-2;
E. Geary's America beat Kerrigan & Schen
dell's Wlnelow, 21-5: L. F. Bartel's Betsy Bar
row beat Strrl & Knowles' Amarosa, 3-1; Ae
neld Kennels' Aeneas a bye; P. A. McComb's
Little Sister beat E. Doherty's Hartford Lass,
1S-15: P. Doyle's AVHd Monarch beat F. A. Mc-
Corab's Patriot, IS- 14; Sterl & Knowles' Rusty
Gold beat Kerrigan & Schendell's Kearsarse,
6-3: \V. Creamer's Lily Wright beat R. E. de
B. Lopez's Diablo. 8-6: Sterl & Knowles' For
Glory beat: R. E. de B. Lopez's Dairy Maid.
6-1: R. E. de B. Lopez's Wombat won by de
fault: .' George Sharman's Bonaparte with
drawn after an undecided.
Sec&nd round— Reglna R beat Depend On lie,
16-2; Johnnie R beat Swedish, 4-0: Rollicking
Airs beat Master Workman, 11-4; Round About
beat Hot Haste. 3-2; Random Aim ¦ beat
Achilles, 6-0; Banner Bright beat Recording
Anzel, 6-2; Jesse Moore beat Vixen, 6-1; Maid
of Ball beat Athena, 10-2; Sleety Mist beat Bo
nita. 10-4: Sara beat America, 4-1; Betsy Bar
row beat Aeneas. 7-5; Little Sister beat Wild
Monarch. 7-3; Rusty Gold beat Lily Wright,
8-2; For Glory a bye.
Third round— Regina R beat Rollicking Airs,
6-0; Round About beat Johnnie R, 8-3; Random
Aim beat Banner Bright. 14-12; Jesse Moore
beat Maid of Ball, 5-0; Sara a bye; Rusty Gold
beat Betsy Barrow, 5-0; Little Sister a bye.
Fourth round— Round About beat Beglna R,
21-0; Random Aim beat Jesse Moore, 11-8: Sara
beat Little Sister, 6-0; Rusty Gold a bye.
Fifth round— Sara beat Round About, 6-0;
Rusty Gold beat Random Aim, 13-10.
Deciding course— Sara won by default; Rusty
Gold withdrawn.
FAST HOUNDS AT UNION" PARK.
Evenly Matched Dogs Are Entered in
the Open Stake.
The drawing for the Saturday and Sun
day open stake at Union Park was held
last night at Pythian Castle. Eighty
nominations were made, among them
Pasha Kennels' Imported Fiery Face. The
dogs were paired as follows:
Open stajce, eighty dogs— Curtis & Son's Can
delaria vs. F. A. McComb'a Motto; T. J. Cra
niii's "Wild Tralee vs. J. Carroll's Master
Claire: F. A. McComb'i Patriot vs. R. E. de
B. Lopez's Whltehead; E. Dougherty's Hart
ford Lass vs. L. P. Barters Best Bargain:
Aeneld Kennels* Aeneas vs. L. F. Barters Ban
ner Brlaht: A. van der BurgtlTs Naughty Girl'
vs. Russell. Allen & Wilson's Victor Boy:
Sterl & Knowles" Amarosa vs. Curtis & Son's
Echo; T. W. Bartel's Betsy Barrow vs. Bussell,
Allen & Wilson's Faithful Lad; J. Chambllle's
Hot Foot vs. Walsh & Heenan's , Sacramento
Boy; Curtis & Son's Vanity Fair vs. J. J.
Kenny's Hot Haste; J. Byrtie's Olympus vs.
Harrisran & Wlegand'a Overture; Erwin &
Lj-on's Silver Wings va. M.- Dunlea's Erin;
Pasha Kennels' Round About vs. It. E. de B.
Lopez's Crawford Lad; F. Schou's King's Bor
derer vs. James Sheridan's Forest King: Pasha
Kennels' Rude Awakening vs. Pasha Kennels'
Royal Anne: Maher & Reid's Bad Boy vs.
James Sheridan's Forest Queen: James Car
roll's Auckland vs. W. Creamer's Onward; R.
L. Taylor's Beauty Spot vs. T. J. Cronln's
Vandal; O. Zahl's Miss Allen vs. R. E. de B.
Looez's Sara: Curtis & Son's McKinley vs.
Pasha' Kennels' Recording Angel; T. J. Mcln
erney's Annie Hall vs. T. J. Cronln's Rose of
Tralee; P. J. Rfeilly's Honesty vs. P. J. Reil-
U''s Warshio: J. H. W. MulleV'svCruiser vs.
Captain Cane's Greenhall; R. E. do B. Lopez's
Diablo vs. Sterl & Knowles' Sleety Mist; Jelt
Martenett's Slim vs. P. McCabe's Fair Lily;
Paaha Kennels' Rest Assured vs. H. A. Deckel
man's Ben Kirby; R. McCarthy's John Doe vs.
Pasha Kennels' May Hempstead; Curtis A
Son's Cash vs. R. E. de B. Lopez'a Dairy
Maid; T. |W. Bartel's Mac's Melqdy vs. Curtis
& Son's Psyche; T. Patterson's Our Maggie vs.
P. McCabe's Sky Blue; «W. Creamer's Jesse
Moore vs. Russell,. Allen & Wilson's Stray
away; E. Dougherty's Springfield Boy vs. Sterl
& Knowles' For Glory; Curtis & Son's Rector
vs. Curtis & Son's Old Glory; R. E. de B. Lo-
Dez's Warlbee vs. Rufisell, Allen & Wil3on's
Scotland .Yet; Pasha Kennela' Fiery Face vs.
A. Johnson's Bald Eagle: ;T. J. Mclnerney's
Xora vs. Murrhy & Hessler's Arena Lad; T.
J. Harrington's Southerner vs. Curtis & Son's
King Cotton; P. J. Rellly's Royal Union vs. F.
A. McComb's Little sister; F. Schou's Smug
gler vs. S. Ilnndy's Twin City Girl; J. Cham
bllle'fl Julius Caesar ' vs. R. E. do B. Looez's
Pcslta. fc
Cruiser, After loosing as a Favorite,
Gets the Flag in Two Long
Byes at Strong
Odds.
Sara Wins the Midweek
Stake at Union Park
by Default.
GREYHOUNDS DO
HARD COURSING
CHICAGO, Sept. 26.— Donation proved a
fcig earprise at Hawthorne this afternoon.
winning the steeplechase at odds of 13 to
I. There were seven starters. Lord Ches
terfield was favorite. Arquebus and Sal
lust were about equal second choices at
14 to 5. Lord Chesterfield at once took
the lead at flag-fall and pained an advan
tage of ten lengths, which he held until
nearly the last jump. About 100 yards
from the wire Donation showed his sprint
ing qualities, and with the light impost
was able to leave the field. lie passed the
v. ire Jive lengths in front ana had speed
to spare. Weather clear; track fast. Re
sults:
Five furlongs— Natural Gas won. Lady Ins
second, Kecca third. Time. 1:02.
Six furlongs — Bessie Macklln won. Prejudice
second. The Unknown third. Time. 1:14U.
Steeplechase, short course— Donation won. Ar
quebus second, Coronatus third. Time, 3:14%.
Six furlongs— Sir Christopher won, Goalrun
ner second. Rival Dare third. Time. 1:13V
One and a. sixteenth miles — Van Hoorebeke
won. Florizar second, Ohnet third. Time, l:4Wi.
One mile and 70 yards, selling— Prairie Dog
won. Defender II second, Depending third.
Time, 1:46.
One mile and 70 yards, selling — Precursor won.
Eauber second. Irate third. Time, 1:45%.
Good Card at Kinloch.
ST. LOUIS, Sept. 26.— An excellent card
drew a big crowd to Klnloch Park to-day.
There were no spectacular features, all
tho events being won by a large margin.
P'our favorites and two second choices
took down brackets. Dominlck rode three
winners and piloted two other horses Into
the money. Track fast. Results:
One and three-sixteenth miles, selling—Ein
stein won. Eugenia S second. El Caney third.
Time. 2:©Hi..
Six furlongs — Duelist won, Orleans second.
Juanette third. Time. 1:14.
One mile, celling— Laureate won. Havlland
second. Tlckful third. Time. 1:4m.
One mile and three-sixteenths, over five hur
dles — Titus- won, Tonto second. Yaruba third.
Haiirtiraw, six furlongs— Tayon won. Loving
Cup Fecona. Mis-s Mae Day third. Time. 1:13%.
Seven furlong, selling— Necklace won, Percy
K second, Benham third. Time, l:30*i.
BUFFALO, Sept. 26. -"Weather . fine;
track fast. Results:
Results at Buffalo.
Six and a half furlongs. Felling— Frank Mc-
Connell won. White Clover second. Mound
Builder third. Time, l:22Vi-
Five furlongs, selling — Commuter won.
Queen's Lady seeond. Lightning Flash third.
Time, 1:03™.
One mile, selling— Left Bower won. Sir Klor
ian second, L W third. Time, 1:41.
Five, furlongs— Claude Walton won. King j
Favorite second. Rusty Dirt third. Time. l:O3«4-
Six furlongs, selling— Alex won. Ocie Brooks
second. Inlet third. Time. 1:16.
Six and a half furlongs— Pharoah won. Gad
Hazel second, Hansborough third. Time. 131$.
Henry Bides Three Winners.
NEW YORK, Sept. 26.— Jocker Henry
rode three winners and- one place horse
to-day. The Standard stakes was the
only "fixture on the card and resulted in
a procession, with the best-played horses
behind. Results:
Hurdle handicap, two miles— Einer won. Long
Isle second. Challenger third. Time, 3:46 4-5.
Five and a half furlongs, selling— Pleasant
Sail won. Rolling Boer second. Monad third.
Time, 1:08 2-5. *•
One' mile and one-eishth— Autumn won. Jack
Point second. Belle of Troy third. Time, 1:33 3-5.
Standard stakes, about six furlongs, selling—
Red Path won, Hesper second. His Royal
Highness third. Time, 1:10 1-5.
One mile and seventy yards, selling — Annoy.
won. Miss Hanover second, Carbuncle third.
Time. 1:45 3-3.
Five furlongs— Rappanecker won, Templeton
second. Driscoll third. Time, l:014-5. (
Winners at Windsor.
DETROIT, Sept. 26.— Results at Wind
sor:
Six furlongs, selling:— Laura G G won. Old
Mike second, Tenole third. Time. 1:14%.
Five furlongs, selling— Phospnerous won,
Trenct the Mere second, Irvin Mayo third.
Time. 1:03.
Seven furlonjcs — Greeting won, Knghurst sec
ond, Charley Shane third. Time. 1:28.
One mile and a sixteenth— Double Dummy
won, Jessie Jarboe second, Miss Redwood
third. Time. 1:47*4.
One mile and an eighth, selling— Harry .Lu
cesco won. Flag of Truce second, Crossmolina
third. Time, 1:56.
Four and a half furlongs— Horsa won, May
Cherry second, Quibo third. Time. :53ti.
RAIN SPOILS SPORT.
Race Between Joe Fatchen and Ana
conda Postponed.
TERRE HAUTE, . Sept. 26.— A heavy
rain spoiled the track to-day, and al
though the 2:19 class trotting and 2:14
class pacing events were finished, with
two heats of the 2:20 trotting event for
the Wabash purse of 55000. the racing was
stopped about 2:30 o'clock and the big
match race between Joe Patchen and
Anaconda had to be postponed. The great
race will probably be paced to-morrow.
Summary:
2:19 class, trot, purse $1000— J T won three
straight heats in 2:12%. 2:13H. 2:16U- Free Sil
ver. Baron Marguerite, Electropolse, Wllba.
Sally Simpson, Malborn, Laverau and Elmer
also started.
2:14 class, pace, purse $1300— Lady Pipes won
three straight heats In 2:07U. 2:09*4. 2:NHi. Al
pha W, Major Marshall, Annie Thornton and
Victor Little also started.
The Wabash, purse JMOO, for 2:20 class, trot
(unfinished)— Annie Burns won two straight
heats In 2:12*4- and 2:154- May Alcott, Con
tralto, Camilla Belle, Maggie Anderson. Red
June, Lady Geraldine and Mabel Onward also
started.
Lord Chesterfield, the Favorite, Holds
the Lead Until Ne*ar the End,
When the Outsider Walks
Away From Him.
Wins Steeplechase at Haw
thorne Track at Heavy
Odds
DONATION PROVES
A BIG SURPRISE
THE SAN FRANCISGO UALL, THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 27, 1900.
Third Day Is More Lively— Wedding Guests
Drop In in an Off -Hand Sort of Way.
DOGS AND HORSES VIE FOR
BLUE RIBBONS AT TANFORAN
4
Risks and Premiums. Fire IMsk3. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during the
year J67.074.S79 JSSS.415 73
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
year* E6.S3.ttl G3.908 38
Net amount In force
December 31. 1TO3..I t7.S7g.na 731.373 U
What is wanted of soap
for the skin is to wash it
clean and not hurt it.
Pure soap does that. This
is why we want pure soap;
and when we say pure,
we mean without alkali.
Pears' is pure; no free
alkali. There are a thou-
sand virtues of soap; this
«me is enough. You can
$rust a soap that has no
biting alkali in it.
All sorts of stores sell it, especially
firnggists; all sorts of people use it.
«SSSi|a* Successor to Dr. LAI PO TAI.
!S!3l!i5*Ss0a graduate of Canton Medical
Colleee. after a very succesi-
fefct wr Jul practice tit many years la
Bfr'ft' Jl^ Chh»a, naa located in San
laL™ V Francisco. The surprising and
\ g\ y marvelous cures effected by
I w^y k ¦"¦ herbs demonstrate their
jMHfy3w pctence and his skill. The3<»
0m IkSIb ;^ herbs cure ove r 400 dlft?MPt
id^lrtT^A*^ diseases. Including Brijfhfi
"^mSB*^ Son 6 ***' A?th bctei Con "* m p-
Braln - Nerve, Cancers. .Tumors. Blood, Mal»
wifh £n^ al ? dle9 -, a* 11 Persons afflicted
with any kind of malady whatsoever are ln-
vited^to call. Office. 727 Washington st OftV,
?<? /^ *t' to U . m - * to $ p - m - : Sundays.
«*\. to 12 m. Accept grateful thanks ?.>r
effecting a cur* of asthma of several rears'
standing. a. DARLET, Ban Rafael.
Cures Blood Poison
A Trial Treatment Sent Free to All
Who Suffer From Any Stag©
of the Diseis?.
Cures Cases That Hot Springs and
All Other Treatments Failed
to Even Help.
There has been discovered by the State
Medical Institute, 203 Elektron building. Fort
Wayne, Ind., the most remarkable Blood Poison
cure ever heard of. It has cured all such in-
dications as mucous patches in the mouth,
sore throat, copper colored spots, chancres,
ulcerations on the body and In hundreds of
cases where the hair and eyebrows had fallen
out and the whole skin was a mass of boils,
pimples and ulcers this wonderful specific has
completely changed the whole body Into a
clean, perfect condition of physical health.
Every railrodd running into Fort Wayne brings
scores of sufferers seeking this new and marvel-
ous cure and to enable those who cannot travel
to realize what a truly marvelous work the in-
stitute is accomplishing they will send free to
every sufferer a free trial treatment so that
every "one can cure themselves in the privacy
of their own borne. This Is the .only known
cure for Blood Poison. Do not hesitate to
write at once and the free trial will be sent
sealed in nlain package. -
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Total Income $C8,2S2 W
EXPENDITURES. ~
Net amount paid for Fire Losses (In-
cluding $26,947 «» losses of previous
years) -- $352,629 SI
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage • 178,333 23
Paid for Salaries, Fees r»nd ether
charges for offlcers. clerks, ete 18,222 SI
Paid for State, Nation*! and Local
taxes 12.923 0.-:
All other payments and expenditure*.. 21.033 5i
Total Kipendltures $334,054 <W
Ttr*.
LOSSES Incurred during the year.... $373. 171 ?!
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid X22,2iO il
Losses !n process of Adjustment or in
Suspense 35.SS0 3?
Losses resisted, including expenses S.00O Co
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or less, {466.3C5 33;
reinsurance 50 per cent 233,233 70
Gross premiums on Fire Rl«ks run-
ning more than one year. $271. S63 05;
reinsurance pro rata 154.431 13
Commissions and Brokerage due and
to become due 34.178 27
Total Liabilities H75.963 S3
INCOME. " ~ :
Net cash actually received for Fir»
premiums I504.0JS 47
Received for interest on Bonds and
Mortgages 4,270 Oj
Received for interest and dividend*
on Bonds, Stocks. Loans and from
all other sources 17,701 S3
Received from all other sources i$j 35
ASSETS.
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages J71.500 no
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company 413 is;
Cash In Company"» Office sisOO 2S
Cash In Banks 19,500 4-i
Interest due and accrued on all Stocks
and Loans 2.437 os
Interest due and accrued on Bonda
and Mortgages 1,273 3?
Premiums in due Course of Collection. IU.T1S o>
Rents due and accrued. Certificate of
Deposit held by United States Trus-
tees 84.432 W
Due- from other Companies for Rein-
surance on losses already paid 12,623 U
Total Assets I734.JC3 35
OF HAMBURG. GERMANT. OX THE 31«^T
day of December, A. D. 1S33, and for th-*
year endln* on that day. as mad© to tha
Insurance Commissioner of the State of Cal-
ifornia, pursuant to the provisions of S»ction<«
610 and 611 of the Political Code. conder_»-d
<is per blank furnished by the Commissioner
FIRE INSURANCE COMPANY
NORTH GERMAN
-OP THE—
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
UNITED STATES BBANCH.
STATEMENT
-OF THE—
WALTER SPEYER,
General Asent for
General Asent for
225 Sansomo St., San Francisco.
ADOLPH LOEB. United States Uantfer.
Subscribed and iwors la b*for« me, tlits 30Ul
flay of January. 1900. MAIUC A. KOOTE.
Notary i'ubtle. |
/S"fc B H f\ 9 (7*h Hunters' Equipments,
SIIRKVE, 7S3 Market st!
MEN
LOST VICOR
RESTORED!
Call er write for book, fm
313 Ke&rsy Strcst,
San Francisco, Cal.
DR.C00PER-&C9.,
LADD'S GUN STORE.
fjpS&BP^^ <21 Kearny street. S. F.. for
Tp&r* Klshlnjr Tackle and Sporting
Goods. Ttie larseat stoclc ou
the Pacific Coast cf every description. Send I
cents in postage stamps for the latest 'n-, *& i
illustrated catalogue. No. 4
vis)* OR JORDAN'S greatJ
MUSEUM OF a»W0HY>
C^ K52 vims st tat. e-itTx area A
CT^ Ths Largest AnAtcnical Museum in tbe \
Vortd. V tiir.r «i or any comractert 4
32Z \.fi A specialist rs IV Coax. Esc. 36 yaar*. **
flggl f?a. joaoAN-peni f ats oissases $
J^t^Sfi (_ r^^::ratiun frn 3rd <ilri ?1y priva:? \
fi BT Vl» *~or. tna Lvr* in e»ery case unC'snakec \
Sri/ I1& v -'nte for Book. FBllOSOraVfti
il II BABBIA6E, MAILED FKSS. '. A f
fl Ik T 2luabts book tot mm) • \
DR JORDAN A CO.. 1C31 Market .-!;.. ri. P. ¥
m-O-*-O-*-O-*- O-*-O-»-O-*- ©-••O-* ; 0-*-0-»'0-»-0-*»
J " »*^--*«^Tijflm | "™ 1 ifl j.
? M Natural Mineral Water 2
4 j^fen. known for centuries and ?
P e'&&\ Imported q
? ONLY IN BOTTLES. J
? i?P^f&. Pcr c ' :so "^«-ii Stonaei ?
2 M}j&&*W$A aci Indigestion. °
V i1^ ic £5i Its trIuo his fceen tegtl- o
? fled to by thousands. ?
? VICHY So-called Vichy in Sy- 2
0 ~J1""V,«» phons Z.
o K^IS IS N0T VICHY - *
? fOlOi Get the Genuine. J
° Tour physician O
St»^s4m> Wl11 recommend It. ?
? VIGNIEB,D:itribatbglg«t J
t»oo*ttvel7 cored Qyt&QflO
little Pills.
They also r«tieve Distress from Djiyep«!a»
Indigestfcn and Too Hearty Eating. A per-
fect ranfcdy for Dizziness, Nausea, Drowsi-
ness, Bad Taste to toe Mouth, Coated Tongue
Pain in the Side* TORPID LIVER. They
Regulate the Bowda. Purely Vegetable.
Small Pin, Small Dose.
\ Small Price.'
ADVERTISEMENTS.
'Jm^mp®'MODESTO, Sept. 26.— Hon. VT. R. Davis
of Oakland, Republican nominee for Pres
idential Elector, appeared here to-night
and discussed the Issues of the campaign
at the opera-house before a large and
enthusiastic audience. His address was
well received and was frequently Inter
rupted by applause.
Angel Island Disfranchised.
Special Dispatch to The Call. .
SAN RAFAEL, Sept. 26.— It la said that
VENTURA, Sept. 26.— An excitedly en
thusiastic Republican meeting: was ad
dressed at Armory Hall this evening by
E. O. Larkln and Judson Brusle of Sacra
mento. More than 1000 persons assembled
to hear the issues of the campaign dis
cussed, livery mention of McKinley and
Roosevelt was received with applause.
The meeting was preceded by an open air
concert by the Ventura City Band. F.
W. Baker, chairman of the County Cen
tral Committee, presided and Introduced
the speakers.
Ventura Republican Rally.
Special Dispatch to The Call
LOS ANGELES. Sept. 26.— In a letter to
Dan Neuhart. chairman of the Democratic
County Central Committee, Colonel I. "11.
Polk declined the nomination for State
Senator from the Thirty-seventh district.
Mr. Polk says he Is obliged to go East for
a considerable stay and that business con
siderations make it impossible for him tj
accept.
for the Senate.
Colonel Polk Will Not Be a Candidate
a Republican Bally.
SANTA ,ANA, Sept. 2S.— The /Repuo-
Ucans of Orange County opened the cam
paign with a rousing meeting, addressed
by Samuel M. Shortridge of San Fran
cisco to-night. The 1 opera-house was
crowded. Mr. Shortridge indulged In no
abuse of any one, but compared the con
ditions now as they were severai year3
ago and asked the voters of Orange Coun
ty if they wanted to go back to the con
ditions that were prevalent under the lajl
Democratic administration. His address
was frequently punctuated by hearty ap
plause.
DECLINES THE NOMINATION.
Samuel M. Shortridge the Speaker at
SANTA ANA CAMPAIGN OPENS.
HORNITOS, Sept. 2£— Sam D. Woods,
Republican candidate for Congress In this
.district, completed his tour of Mariposa
County with a meeting here this evening.
During the three days occupied in Mari
posa County Mr. Woods has come into
personal contact with a majority of its
voters, and his friends feel that it is not
at all improbable that he will carry the
county, notwithstanding it has a normal
Democratic majority of about 250. That
this feeling is shared by many Democrats
Is certain. To-night's meeting brought
out nearly every voter In the precinct and
the speaker's remarks concerning national
issues were roundly applauded. After the
meeting Mr. Woods drove to Merced-,
where he will take the train in the morn
ing for Jamestown, completing the week
with a tour of Tuolumne County.
Congressional Candidate Woods Likely to Overcome the
Normal Democratic MiJDrity.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
REPUBLICANS EXPECT TO
CARRY MARIPOSA COUNTY
8AN JOSE. Sept. 26.— The Jury in the
case of Thomas Winship, charged with the
murder of Frank Narvaez, was discharged
to-day, having failed to agree. It stood
seven for conviction of murder In the sec
ond degree and five for acquittal.
Winship Jury Disagrees.
SANTA BARBARA. Sept. 26.— A large
barn containing 303 tons of hay. the prop
erty of David Campbell, was burned at
an early hour this morning at La Patera
nine miles west of this city. Five horses
two wagons and a lot of farming: Imple
ments were consumed. The origin of the
fire is a mystery, but It is the generally
accepted theory that It was caused by
spontaneous combustion.
Blaze Believed to Have Been Caused
by Spontaneous Combustion.
BARN AND HAY DESTROYED.
Leaves San Francisco for Gold Fields
and l^ands at Santa Barbara.
fpf^ini EWfTStch to T?ie Call.
SANTA BARBARA. Sept. 2«.-Thc
rchooner Cordelia Healds. Captain Har
old, drifted Into port here this morning
in a disabled condition and will remain
Beranl days, until repairs are made. It
left Ean Francisco six weeks ago with
tv.-o vears' provisions and a cargo of ma
ehlncrv for Cape Nome. When in the
VtdnltT of the Farallom-s rough weather
was encountered and the vessel was car
ried in this direction, wlih more than two
i**\ of water in the hold and the pumps
iA uch condition that It could not be re
ran'ved Captain Harold was for years a
machinist in Oakland.
ITO2EE SCHOONER DISABLED.
CLEVELAND, Sept. 26.— Judge Lamson
of the Common Pleas Court to-day hand
ed down a decision in favor of John D.
Rockefeller In the million-dollar suit
brought against the latter by Captain
James Corrigan.
In 1S95 Corrigan placed 2500 Standard Oil
Trust certificates in Rockefeller's hands to
secure a loan. Rockefeller held the stock
as trustee and finally purchased it him
self, placing the value at $167 per shar»\
Corrigan afterward charged him with
committing fraud. He alleged that Rock
efeller by reason of his position as trus
tee had superior knowledge of the value
of the stock, and that - the stock was
worth $450 Instead of $167 per share. The
matter was submitted to arbitrators, who
decided In favor of Rockefeller. Corrigan
refused to accept their findings and took
the case into court. - .
Recover One "Million Dollars.
Corrigan Loses the Suit Brought to
SAN JOSE, Sept 26.— George Fusco, a
laborer at the Morrison dryer, near
Campbell, died • to-day from injuries re
ceived from the kick of a' horse. He was
20 years of ago and lived in San Jose.
DECISION IN FAVOR |
OF" JOHN ROCKEFELLEB
Horsa's Kick Proves Fatal.
MARYSVILLE. Sept. 25.— The California
Brewery, established In this city In 1S38
by the late Louis Seiber. was destroyed
by lire this afternoon. The loss is $16,000;
insurance, JS500.
Marysville Brewery Burned.
Paul Coolidge *9S left to-day for Kern
County, where he will make a collection
of fifty live species of rodents for the New
York Zoological Society. Coolfdge had
just returned from Southern Italy, where
he made a similar collection for the
Smithsonian Institution.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Sept. 25.—
To Collect Species of Rodents.
Special Dispatch to The Call
One of the Jurors stated that the failure
of Howard to bring any of the occupants
of the executive building on January 30 to
testify that he was not there was consid
ered by the Jury as an indication that he
was there. The testimony of Gaines as
to seeing Howard run out of the grounds
and also of Stubblefleld. who swbre that
Howard confessed the killing: a few davs
after the murder, were the other princi
pal points upon which the Jury relied
Howard's attorney will at once apply
for a new trial, basing the motion on al
tered expressions of several of the Jury
made prior to the trial which were hos
tile to the defendant. It will be chared
h^ V7v taln juror made the statement
that all the suspects under arrest ou^ht
to be hanged, and he particularly specified
Howard as one upon whom the death pen
alty ought to be pronounced.
The verdict of the Jury, it is believed,
was based largely upon the destruction
or Howard s alibi, upon which he depend
ed solely.
After the verdict had been rendered
Howard was remanded to Jail, where he
was followed by his bosom friend. J. G.
White, who seemed almost paralyzed by
the verdict. Howard's cheeks also'blanch
ed as he stood up to accompany the jailer
to his cell.
The Jury consisted of nine Democrats,
one Republican and two anti-Goebel
Democrats. -
One of the jurors stated that a number
of ballots were taken, but the first bal
lot resulted In a unanimous vote for a
verdict of guilty. After that the ballots
yesterday were as to the degree of pun
ishment. Ten members voted for the
death penalty, while two voted for life
imprisonment. The first ballot to-day re
sulted in a verdict; the two jurors who
had voted for life imprisonment gave In
to the majority and voted for the death
penalty.
The jury retired at 9:10 and returned
with its verdict at 9:43. The courtroom
was crowded with spectators almost
trembling- with suppressed excitement.
Foreman Crutcher of the jurv passed the
written verdict up to the clerk and it was
read by Deputy Clerk Elliott.
The trial of Henry E. Youtsey of New
port will be called at Georgetown next
Monday.
the verdict senter.clne him to the gal
lows.
After the Jury had been discharged
Howard was taken back to the Jail and
there, for the first tJme. he betrayed
emotion. He called for a pen and paper
and wrote a long letter to his wife, dur
ing which tears coursed down his cheeks.
He wa» joined later by his attorneys,
•who spent a. irood part of the day In con
ference with him in regard to the motion
for a netr trial, which will be filed To
morrow, -and other matters in connection
•with the case.
W H Culton, who is under Indictment
cs an accessory to the Goebel murder
crd who pave damaging evidence against
5nh Howard and Caleb Powers, was re-
T^ased on S10.000 ball this afternoon and
his case continued until the January
term. ¦ .
"Jim" Howard, as he Is commonly
known In the mountains, is a Etrikingrly
handsome man. 44 years of a^e, and
would be the last to be pointed out by a
ttrar.jrer as the man on trial. He had the
record however, of being the leader of
the Howard-White faction In the Baker-
Howard feud In Clay County, in which
numerous lives were talccn. He killed
George Eaker and wa* suspected of the
aseaKination of Tom Baker, who was
killed after the same fashion as Goebel.
and Howard's friends believe that these
facts bad much to do with the making of
Howard did rot lose Lis composure
¦when the verdict calling: for the extreme
penalty of the law was read In the
crowded courtroom. He glanced at his at
torney*, who sat beside him. and smiled,
but said nothing.
Th» fact that the Jury had deliberated
all of yesterday afternoon without reach-
Ing a verdict le$ to the belief that it
was hopelessly divided and this fact made
the verdict shocking to Howard and
those who hoped for his ultimate ac
quittal.
FRANKFORT. Ky.. Sept. 26.— James
B. Howard, who has been on
trial for the past ten days
<-har;rpd -with belOK a principal in
the assassination of William Goe
bel, -was found pullty by the jury to-day.
bla punishment beinp fixed at death.
SALINAS. SeDt. 26.— At a point where the
drainage canal from the Spreckels Tequlsqulto
ranch empties Into Pajaro River, an experi
ment has been made to tost the amount of al
kali passing into the river. It haa been found
that during the past two years over 730 tons
of alkali have passed through the mouth of
the canal and that the amount of alkali now
going out Is DercPDtibly lessening.
SACRAMENTO. Sept. 26.— A Japanese named
I. Franko was to-day convicted here of assault
to murder Policeman John Logue. The-Japa
nese had committed some minor offense and
Loeue arrested him and tras taking him to
jail, when the prisoner whipped out a knife
and wounded the officer. He probably would
have killed him had not help arrived
VALLEJO, Sept. 26.— The will of the late
W. Jj Costlgan. once clerk of the Circuit Court
with Judge McKenna, haa been filed. Mrs.
-Costlnran, the widow, applies for letters testa
mentary. The estate, valued at J34.000, is left
to her.
LOS AXGELES. Sert. 28.— Arrangements
have been made by the Santa Fe Railroad
through the local office, with E. B. Gage re
ceiver of the Santa Fe and Grand Canyon
Railvraj-. whereby the latter road Is to be
operated as a r>art of the Santa Fe Pacific.
SAN LUIS OBISPO, Sept. 2«.— The county
fair, under the management of Agricultural
District Association No. 16, will open under
favorable auspices to-morrow. There is a fine
pavilion display and good racing is assured.
COAST NEWS IN BRIEF.
HANDSOME "JIM" HOWARD. THE NOTED KENTUCKY MOUNTAIN
EER. WHO HAS BEEN CONVICTED OF BEING A PRINCIPAL IN
THE ASSASSINATION OF DEMOCRATIC GOVERNOR GOEBEL.
MILL VALLEY, Sept. 26.-M111 Valley
has a school problem that is giving coun
ty officials and men learned In the law
something to ponder over. According to
the present situation, twelve scholars of
the Eastland School district will receive
the sole benefit of the $12,000 worth of
bonds recently voted In that district.
Before its incorporation about a month
ago Mill Valley comprised the most pop
ulous part of the Eastland School Dis
trict. Early last spring It was decided
that the district needed a new school
house and a bond election was called. It
was voted to expend $12,000 In building and
equipping an up-to-date structure.
Not content with a $12,000 schoolhouse,
the people of Eastland School District
wanted Mill Valley Incorporated. The
election was held, and after a bitter fight
Mill Valley was duly incorporated as a
town. Here is where the Joker put in an
appearance. The new town of Mill Val
ley, though containing nearly all the In
habitants of Eastland School District,
does not comprise the entire district. By
the mere act .of Incorporation a new
school district was formed. What Is left
of the Eastland District is mostly undi
vided ranches. There are about fifteen
school children resident In the remnant of
the once extensive district. The $12,030 re
ceived from the bond sale belongs to the
Eastland District.
The town of Mill Valley does not like
tho Idea of losing the big schoolhouse.
After looking up the laws, it was decided
that the only thing to da was to go to
Eastland with the "glad hand" and a
large petition praying that the Eastland
ites will give their consent to the merg
ing of the two districts Into one and the
erecting of the large schoolhouse where
it will be most convenient to all. Ine pa
rents of Eastland hold the trumps, and
they may feel disposed to keep the $12,000
schoolhouse all to themselves.
Special Dispatch to Tho Call.
Mill Valley Finds Itself Deprived of
Proprietary Rights in a New
S12,OOO Institution of
.Learning. ,
LOSES THE SCHOOL
BY Hill
LOS ANGELES, Sept. 26.— At to-day's
session of the Los Angeles Presbytery re
ports were read and routine business
transacted. To-morrow at 10 o'clock the
discussion of the proposition* to change
tho Presbyterian confession of faith will
begin. :
"Will Discuss Creed Revision.
REDWOOD CITY, Sept. 26.— An Infor
mation was filed in the Superior Court at
this, place this morning against Frank
Lemascher, Caesar Ehlers and Albert
Gager, charging them with the murder of
Klizabeth Mitchell at Colma on July 4.
Next Thursday morning was • set as the
time for them to plead to the charge.
Colma Suspects Arraigned.
Special Dispatch to The Call
SACRAMENTO. Sept. 26.— There was a
shooting scrape in the Chinese quarter at
Courtland to-day, \ in wnlch Ah Hang
wounded Ah Low In the abdomen and Ah
Till in the right arm. Ah Low will not
live till morning. Ah Hang was arrested
by Deputy Sheriff William Johnston and
brought to jail here. The trouble Is said
to have occurred over money matters.
Chinese Shooting Affray.
SAXTA BARBARA. Sept. 26.— There was
a fatal accident on the Southern Pacific's
new line through Goleta, about eight
miles west of this city, this morning. Dan
Callahan, a carpenter, was knocked from
a construction train in passing one of the
chutes built for loading dirt on cars. He
fell under the wheels and both of his legs
were . crushed. He was brought into the
Cottage Hospital, where he died this
afternoon. ;
Death Under Train Wheels.
SANTA CLARA, Sept. 26.— The popula
tion of Santa ' Clara, according to, infor
mation received from W. R. Merriam, Di
rector of the Census, Is shown to be 3650,
an increase of 750 In the last ten years.
Much Interest has centered in the result
of this census, as there is an almost
unanimous demand for a new charter.
Action was Impossible until It was known
whether the population of the town ex
ceeded 3500. A board of freeholders will
be selected to draft a new charter.
Population of Santa Clara.
Special Dispatch to The Call
SAN DIEGO, Sept. 26.— Fortuna mining:
camp, just across the Colorado River
from this county, Is having a reign of
crime. Another shooting affair Is report
ed from there, in which Louis Leivas. a
young man of about 19 years from Yuma,
was the immediate cause of the funeral
of Sabes Mascarro, a Mexican with a pre
dilection for cutting affrays and other
troubles. It is said that a woman was
the cause of the trouble, and they had
been enemies for several months. One
day last week Mascarro attacked Leivas
with a knife. The meeting took place in
Huson's saloon, where Mascarro and his
knife were met by a bullet from Leivas'
revolver. It landed in the neck and killed
the knife wielder. The Coroner's jury ex
onerated Leivas.
Fatal Affray at Fortnna.
Special Dispatch to The Call
Near Woodside.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
REDWOOD CITY, Sept. 26.— Fire has
been raging In the woods beyond "Wood
side for several days past. How It started
Is a matter of dispute, .and It Is likely
that a damage suit will ensue. A large
area has been burned, over and great
damage done. Thousands of cords of
wood have been consumed.
The shingle mill of Sampson Bros, was
destroyed. They also lost about 800 cords
of cut wood and 2,500.000 shingles. Their
loss will amount to $S000, with no insur
ance,
Tho lire la now under control.
Extensive Damage Done by a Fire
Infected Houses Are Being
Fumigated.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SANTA CLARA. Sept. 26.— Five cases of
scarlet fever are reported by physicians
In thl3 place. The Board of Trustees, the
Board of Education and the Board of
Health have Jointly issued a warning to
householders to employ disinfectants and
avoid Intercommunication, under penalty.
Quarantine has been established and in
fected houses have been fumigated. The
Board of Health to-day issued the state
ment that four cases exist, but the child
of R. B. Roll has since been added to the
list. Attendance at tne schools has fallen
off about 20 per cent.
o
LARGE AREA BURNED OVER.
Quarantine Has Been Established and
FIVE SCARLET FEVER
CASES IN SANTA CLARA
LOS ANGELES, Sept. 26.— The United
States Geological report for 1S99, Just out,
says, referring to California:
The production of crude petroleum In Cali
fornia In 1S99 was 2,642.095 barrels, valued at
|2,50S,7ol, about 95 cents a barrel. As compared
v;lth 1S38 there was an Increase of 3S4.SSS bar
rels in production and 10 cents In the average
price per barrel.
Los Angeles County, which takes first rank
In the amount of production, produced. 1.398,690
barrel?, valued at 93.! cents a barrel. Out of
the total quantity produced in. Los An^elea
County. 1.022. &66 barrels, valued at $960,726. or
S3 cents a. barrel, were produced In Los An
geles.
The other counties of California which have
produced petroleum, ranged according to their
output, were: Ventura, 496,200 barrels; Fresno,
439.372; Santa Barbara. 208.370; Orange. 108.C77;
Kern. 13,000.
Price During the Year.
Heavy Increase in Production and
CALIFORNIA'S OIL OUTPUT.
reserve, $4,569,280; individual deposits, $16,
127.77G.
An abstract of the condition of the na
tional banks of San Francisco, September
5. as reported to the Comptroller of the
Currency shows the average reserve
S4.C1 per cent: loans and discounts, $1S,
491.6S2; total specie, $4,537,702; lawful money
WASHINGTON, Sept. 26.— Postofflce es
tablished: California— Indlanola. Hum
boldt County, Estella L. Marble, post
master. Discontinued, October 15: Cali
fornia—Willow Ranch, Modoc County:
mall to New Pine Creek, Or. Postmasters
commissioned: Oregon — D. it. Steeven.
Ord, Lane County. Appointed: Oregon-
William H. Moser, Hay Creek, Cook
County: DelOB Woodruff. Ophlr, Curry
County; J. Peters. Wilsonville. Clackamas
County. Washington — Emelle E. Mayer,
Lamona, Lincoln County.
Pensions issued: California— Original-
James ,B. Goff, Los Angeles, $6; James A.
Preston, Redlands, $S: William Wiley.
Veterans' Home. Napa, $10.
sions Granted.
Spedal Dispatch to The Call.
Postofflce Changes and List of Pen-
INTERESTS THE COAST.
Drs. D. MacClaire and D. A. Kellogg
have examined i the murderer since hid
confinement in Jail, the latter at the In
stance of the District Attorney, and both
gave It as their sworn opinion that he Is
and was at the time of the shooting in
sane.
PLACERVILLE, Sept. 28.-Isalah Zum
walt. with a vacant stare, sat all day In
the Superior Court apparently oblivloijs
to all about him while his sons, Tom and
Fred, and two physicians testified as to
his alleged Insanity. The 6ons told of In
juries at the back of Uie head and should
ers sustained by their father from a fall-
Ing log about fourteen years ago and said
that since then he had frequently labored
under Intense nervous excitement, fol
lowed by spells of melancholia. During
one of these periods of despondency he
was prevented by Tom from hanging
himself In a barn. They declared that the
separation of his wife from him and the
threat of George and his wife to remove
him from the new home which he, in h?a
old age had purchased and built for them,
aggravated his affliction and drove him to
the Insane act of wholesale murder.
sponsible for the Murders He
Committed.
Believe the Old Man Was Not Re-
SAX DIEGO, Sept. 26.— Word has been
received from London of the marriage
there of Miss Ella Ale. for several years
a teacher in this county, to George A.
Dixon of Birmingham, Pa. The bride will
be remembered by most of the educators
of the. State because of the fight which
she had In the County Board and the
State Board of Education concerning her
certificate to teach. She was granted a
certificate by the local board on other
cprtificates which she brought from the
East, and the County Board also recom
mended that she be granted a State cer
tificate. That was done, and Miss Ale
taught for several years. It was then dis
covered that the papers which she pre
sented from the East were not up to the
requirements, though she had presented
them believing that they were.
The effort to obtain a cancellation of
the certificate by some of Miss Ale's ene
mies was what caused the State-wide
fame of the case. The County Board did
not care to act because It was « State
certificate, and the State Board did not
care to act until the County Board with
drew its recommendation. The case went
back and forth several times and mean
while Miss Ale was tenchlnp on the cer
tificate. Finally, after several years' con
sideration, the State Board decided that
Miss Ale was guiltless of any Intention to
defraud, but that she must surrender the
certificate. Before that time, however,
she had announced her Intention to cease
teaching because of her approaching mar
riage.
»
PKYSICIANS DECLARE
ZTTMWALT IS INSANE
Gave Her State-Wide Fame.
Special Disratch to The Call.
Teacher Whose Fight for^a Certificate
IUSS ELLA ALE A BRIDE.
Grave fears are entertained among ship
ping men for the safety of the steamer
Robert Dollar, which sailed from here for
Cape Nome on August 25 and had not ar
rived on September 14, when the Roanoke
sailed from that port. The arrival of tho
Nelson from Dutch Harbor and her fail
ure to report the Robert Dollar there In
creases the anxiety. It Is claimed that
she should have reached the vicinity of
Bering Sea about the time that section
was visited by a severe storm which
lasted from September 1 until the 7th.
She had a full cargo of miscellaneous
freight and a few passengers.
The steamer Queen, three days overdue
from Skaguay, arrived this evening with
170 passengers and $200,000 in gold. The
cause of the delay was the cleaning: up
of the season's salmon pack at various
out-of-the-way canneries.
PORT TOWXSEXD, Sept. 26.— The
steamship Charles Xelson arrived to-day
from Nome, bringing 42S passengers. Sho
sailed two days ahead of the steamer
Roanoke, but was caught In a severe
storm and made for Dutch Harbor.
Anxiety Among Shipping Men Over
the Non-Arrival of the Steam
ship Robert Dollar at
Nome.
MAY HAVE BEEN LOST
OFF ALASKAN COAST
for the city, and from there they will pro
ceed on their wedding tour. In the near
future they will occupy a beautiful hpma
to be built 'for them next to the Hopkins
mansion here.
under the trees, so they lingered and
talked and toasted and lavished good
wishes upon the bride and groom until the
afternoon had well passed.
Mr. and Mrs. Taylor took the 3:15 train
•m |J ENLO PARK. Sept. 28.— The
flfl great social event to which
I Ul Menlo Park has been looking
aha. forward for months — the mar
riage of Miss Helen Hopkins to
August Taylor— took place to-day at noon
In the parlor of the Hopkins mansion.
The ceremony and the wedding- breakfast
¦which followed It made one of the most
picturesque affairs that have been given
In the suburban colony.
The wedding- was at half-past 12. At a
quarter-past 12 there arrived from the
city a special train bringing 300 guests,
who were driven to the Hopkins house
at once. The bride, attired In a gorgeous
dress of white satin, came Into the parlor
on the arm of her father, Edward Hop
kins. She was followed by Miss Edna
Hopkins. Miss Georgie Hopkins, sisters of
the bride: Miss Mollle Thomas. Miss Caro
Crocket. Miss Carrie Taylor and Miss
Mary Scott, her bridesmaids. They all
wore gowns of white. The bridal party
was met by the parlor window by the.
Rev. E. I* Parsons of San Mateo and the
Rev. S. Clampett of Trinity Church, San
Francisco, who performed the ceremony.
After the wedding the guests were In
vited out to the tennis court, where the
breakfast was laid. The court Is in the
midst of a pine grove, and flie natural
beauties of the place had been added to by
the decorator's art. Ferns and palms and
potted plants and flowers lent their fresh
ness to every nook and bower among the
pines and graced the tables laid so invit
ingly under the cool shade. The parlors
were prettily decorated for the ceremony,
but the picturesque beauty of the Impro
vised breakfast-room far surpassed the
more conventional decorations of the
house. It was a perfect day, and the
guests were loth to leave the tables
Picturesque Affair, Er\dir\g With a Breakfast Ur\der
the Trees' ir\ the Hopkirvs Qrovmds.
HELEN HOPKINS WEDDED TO
AUGUST TAYLOR AT MENLO
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAUL, THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 27, 1900.
MR. AND MRS. AUGUST TAYLOR, THE PRINCIPALS IN ONE OF THE
MOST PICTURESQUE WEDDINGS EVER CELEBRATED IN THE SU
BURBAN COLONY. /- ;v;
After Many Hours' Deliberation the Tales
men Recommend the Extreme Pen
alty of the Law.
JURY ADJUDGES HOWARD
GUILTY OF GOEBEL MURDER
about eighty-five voters and residents of
Ar.gel Island who have been refused reg
istration here are about to commenca
mandamus proceedings against the Coun
ty Clerk to compel him to register them
for the coming election. The question of
•where the Angel Island people should vote
Is of long standing. If proceedings are
brought the problem will be judicially de
termined. ¦ .
Modesto Sears W. B. Davis.
Special Dispatch to The Cill
5
Dr. C. C O'Donnell speaks to-night at
ccr. of Golden Gate ave. and Market st. •
Toilet Paper,
\ 5 Packages for 25c,
The Atla3 Toilet Pap^r, larga s'z* ral's*
of good quality med oatel paper, soli
regularly at 7c each; on speciil
*al« Thursday only, 5 pack- 0%c
ages «OC
In Rotunda.
Photograph Frames,
to Be Embroidered, 33c
The holidays will scon be here — not a bit
to soon to commeccs making np y:ur
Christmas gifts. We benght at a
very special price an assorted lot of
Photograph Frzme3 for embroidery
work, racging in s'zj fram 6x8 to lOx
13 inches outside measurement. They
contain both a t quare and oval cabinet
siz3 mat, furnished with easel back or
can be hur.g np; on sa'e tc-diy at
the very special price, 09
each &&G
Sales Tables — Main Aisle.
i We con'd on'y buy 253
€L _ 3j> of iheae Tarra Coita Cos-
pidars at the specia 1
WwainfvM pr cs; they are of m=tic
WWW design, tight green and
NM^^/7/ Hlver finish; en f^
— '• — sale thb day only #«*1»
Cuspidors, 13c Each.
tO Good Cigars, 15c,
Tnh vary special offering for to-day
• Thar-day) on'y, Cuban Beauty
Cigars, a neatly shaped, good smoker..
ton for fifteen cents
Cigar Stand— Rotunda.
Orange Spoons, 18c,
¦ These are ac-
en; they ara
"1S47" Roger Brcs., triple - plated,
fancy pattern Orange Spoons; it's a
special lot picked up by our buyer
while in New York recently and wil.
be offerad to-day only — pep —
dczan, $2.16; each . bOG
Silverware Department— Rotunda.
A Three-Day Sale
Hunting Boots,
Men's rubber Hunting Boots that reach
to tha # hi]j — first-class, hi^h-grada
Boots — on special sale Tauriday,
Friday and Saturday, a*/* < g~
per pair..... S&traaO
First Aisle— Right of Entrance.
S2.OO Shods p~g— ¦
for $1.18* %
These Dongola Kii Button . V
Boots for ladies. Good- J a J
year wjlt solas, patent / & .
leather tips, rouni toes, / $ f
good looking, / cF ) _^'^/
good wearing A—^*^^^>*
shoes; all sizes; j£ J^
specia! for th:3 K^^
oniy %pi mi O
First Aisle— Right of Entrance.
sportsmen. We have picked no a lot
of H>pkim & Alien single-barrel,'
take-down shotguns <100 in all).
These gun* hare a choke bore, 12
gEinje, 30-inch bast b'ned steel barrel,
patent ej9ctor, rebounding lock, drop
lever action, case hardened frame,
checkered bhek walcnt pistol grip
stock, weighs £ J !b=«. Wa never ex-
pect to get another lot that we can
offer at our extraordinary Thur3-lav.
Friday and SatarcJay £$£ ££ £2^9
special sale price.... mf?**m&m9
Sporting Goods— Second Floor.
Duck or Quasi
Guns, To-Day $5,33,
The quail and duck sea3un opens October
1st. Here is a great bargjin for
Wood
l " " - ~^ s =--- -^y slg^ e d hard-
• ""* wocd
polished sets, 4-thvd f )rk, large bowl
to spoon; on sale to-day ##)*»
on'y- set fi#C
Enameled Coffee Pot — 2-quart
size, best grade enamsied steel— not
the lteht kind; heivy retinnal cover,
neat y - handle; regularly 4>c aq_
eich -on sale to-day
Main Floor— Rear.
S3 Photographs, $2.75
We want everjboiy to know what a
splendid photograph studio w* have
and how moderate the pricsa are for
the beat c'as» of work that can be
turned out. To that eni we offer
at about ha'f regular prica oar small
Galeron Pare's (4xS inches , a new
and popular siza on the latest pattern
Melton face mount, regularly $5.00 a
dozen; Thursday, Friday f»tn -m g-
and Sa'nrdav jp^mM &
Studio— Second Floor.
Two Big Values in
House Furnishings*
Oao of the best back e buy3 wa erar
mads - 6:0 ladies Belt Buck'ea; very
large assortment of styles in gi't and
czydized metal, all of them tha newest
designs, saiia finish and capiis; regu-
lar ?alu?3 25c to 50c e3ch— * «*•_
your choice to-day only- f I/C
Special Thursday Sale
Belt Buckles*
A Great Sate—Commencing Thursday.
There are already manv broken lines in cur Fall stock
of Men's Clothing. Our clothing buyer is now Ea^t
replenishing the stock. To clean out these broken lines before
the arrival of our second Fall and Winter consignment, we have
marked hundreds of $12.50 and $15.00 Suits for Men nine
dollars ninety-five* They are in the single and double-
breasted sack coat styles — all new and nobby pattern?, plain and
fancy mixed cheviots and ca?simeres. There are all ?iz33 in this
assortment. At the regu'ar price3 these Suit? were a full
$12.50 and $15 worth and will be found some j^ — mf
of the best clothing va!ue3 the big store ha^ ffigy ffiff
ever offered at
Men's $12.50 and $15 Suits,
03m 35m
HEALTH AND BEAUTY
Promptly Regained by the Use of Peruna,
the Great Tonic
f? i^"^*2j; 0 &flss Alice Calrow, 2526 Central avenue, Mnneapo-
"About a year ago my health' began to fail,
an(f m f complexion, which up to that time had
b Qen clear and brill/ant, began to grow dull
•sHi^'""" "' ' /v ' fit ' seyera l advertised remedies wiih no
«se£^" iT'"^' rB5u^' I finally decided it was a tonic I needed,
l^a ' W< an d ™&ding of your celebrated Peruna I con-
"(^m. % JE^ - v? c^ u ded to try it. The result was wonderful.
r'^x\ sf^L**- "I nave ia^ en on ty f° ur bottles and my face
• $%@K eM ' 5 as sm0 °M an d cheofo as red as formerly.
['Js&ffiB «> 4 S$E£&& "* s a ionic f° r ine blood too much cannot be
f§i^ <5^§f^^ 3§ip sa 'd for Peruna.
%r "I will cheerfully recommend it to any one
*^S ¦ who will write me concerning it."
,/^N;. Miss Jennie Johnson, vice president Chicago Teach-
' I €rs ' Federation, and a teacher in the Healey School of
\^ / Chicago, writes the following from 31S I^ake Park ave-
\'\y i^S^I>^rT=^r'j~V\ r.ue, Chicago: "During the past ten years I have been
y j a teacher In Chicago and have found myself worn out
>55e~^ i^iL RR<^ ' n nee< * °' a tonic. Among the different remedies
/y/^^Ls'^^<~JL^ \vv' * have, tried none have helped me more than Peruna.
\7(l^^^ !^> > ~^\^ f^5 V J &nA lt specially helpful In cases of catarrh of the
\W I stomach; It restores the functions of nature, induces
*" «• " cleep and builds up the entire system. It has not only
been a help to me, but several of my friends who
were teachers and wlio have used It, speak very highly of the recuperative quali-
ties of Peruna." Peruna Is a specific for pelvic catarrh.
A free book entitled, "Health and Beautv," sent to any woman addressing Dr.
Tlanman. Columbus. Ohio.
shirts: this ** •¦ Ooidtenifciiic fiixmnr. " $1.00 size
week. ...430 **J JFW^ IA ' S laroest-abeiiica's crandest stosa ...,^..^.65O
THE EMPOEITJM.
THE EMPOEITJM.
Jj **\ STRICTLY REUA3LE
8^3 Dr - Talcott
Co \j0,
f^^S//^** Practice Co ruined
\Wf ll to Reorders of
I / • *hs Male.
IN* THE VARIOUS FORM3 OF GENERAL
debility, and convalescence followlngr certata
diseases, such Is the lowered standard of tha
vital processes that the function of no organ la
perfectly performed, and -with the resulting de-
pression the patient haa a REAL weakness.
The physician 1 s first thought, under these con-
ditions, is cerve and other tonica.
INot Weakness —
Symptoms 2
By far the preater number of patients, how-
ever, seeking relief for so-called "Weakness" ts
furnished by healthy and robust men. On ex-
amination, we find a Prostate Gland which has
been damagM by either a contracted disorder
cr early dissipation. These patients have no
weakness at all. PreTnatureness. Lc*s of Vital-
ity, etc.. are the symptoms, or disordered func-
tion, of the chronically Inflamed prostate gland.
We find by curing this inflammation that fall
vigor at one* returns. It should be understood
that tonics, electricity, etc.. might cure a real
weskne?*. but would do harm In inflammation.
The main object Is to rfrhie* the «!za of tha
tender, swollen and Inflamed prostate. This w«
accomplish by local treatment, thus avoiding
•lrugs. Men who have unsuccessfully treated
for a, weakness should now und-rstand tha
cause of failure. We send free on application a
coleied chert of the organs which will be found
useful in home dlasmosla and Interesting to all
wishing to study the anatomy of the male.
Offices and Hospital, entire upper floor.
1 997 Market St., Cor. bixth
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENT*.When Bryan warned the people, "If you wish the
gold standard, do not vote' for me," he uttered the
one sentiment in all his oratory that the people will
accept, believe and follow.
! The squabble among the cadets at the University of
j California is a forcible suggestion that some of the
j young men at Berkeley need a spanking.
AJTSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
JESSE JAMES— N., City. Jesse James,
the notorious robber, was shot and killed
April 3, 1882, by Robert Ford, one of the
Kord brothers, in St. Joseph. Mo.
THE J. W. WENDT-A. O. 8., City. The
German ship J. W. Wendt was built In
Germany and has always been under the
German flag.
A DIME OF 1842-C. A. R., City. A dime
of 1842 does not command a premium from
dealers, but If you should desire to pur
chase from dealers you would have to
pay from 30 to 66 cents for one.
LANGUAGE OP STAMPS-M. B., City
In The Call of Sunday, October 22, 1899. to
be eeen in the reference room of the Free
Public Library, there la to be found a
half page article, Illustrated, on the sub
ject of the language of stamps. ;•:; ¦'?¦•
NOT A LEGAL HOLIDAY— R.. Valam
brossa, Cal. The law of California de
clares that a day on which an election
is held throughout the State is a legal
holiday and it also says that on the first
Friday in June in each year there Is to be
held an election for School Trustees
throughout the State. That does not make
CALIPOIINIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, Sept. 26.— J. Llebes of San
Francisco is at the Savoy; B. F. McKin
ley of San Francisco is at tho Grand
Union. :-* ?:£
THE LIBRARY PROBLEM.
UPON the question of removing the Mercantile
Library from its present quarters to a down
town .location there may be differences of
opinion among the members of the institution, but the
general public will be well nigh unanimous in op
posing it. The interest of the public in the matter is
due to the fact that San Francisco has no libra-y
worthy of a city of this size, and is not likely to have
one in the near future unless in some way the Mer
cantile be combined with that of the Mechanics* In
stitute. Such a combination has long been under con
sideration by all who have given any serious thoughts
to the library needs of the »ity. The removal of the
Mercantile Library downtown would be the begin-*
rung of an experiment which would have to run its
course before the combination could be effected, and
would therefore be a postponement of a desired end
that should be accomplished as speedily as possible.
There is hardly a single chance that the Mercantile
would Tiave any better success downtown than it has
in its present quarters. There is no need of two down
town libraries, but there is great need of one good
one. The removal would cost the Mercantile a con
< dcrable ; sum of money, and the trustees cannot have
my sanguine hope of obtaining in the new quarters a
sufficient additional income to make up for the cost.
Consequently the library will have to sacrifice some
thing for the mere sake of making an experiment. ¦• It
might have to sell many of its most valuable books
books that have a permanent worth — for of course
nothing could be raided by offering novels and other
common books for ?ale. Thus there would be at once
a lo?s to the libraries of the city that would be suf
ficiently serious to amounttto a genuine sacrifice.
San Francisco is the only considerable city in the
United States that has not a great library. To that
extent we are behind our age and our country. Con
sequently there is a deep public interest felt in even'
proportion relating to the Mercantile and to the
Mechanic' Institute libraries. It will be a glad day 5
for the people and an auspicious day for our culture
wncn*th« trustees in charge of the two institutions
spree to arrange for their combination into one great
library of which the whole city will be proud, and
whn«r excellence will be sufficient to prompt liberal
men to enme forward and erect a building worthy of
housing it.
ONE of the most gratifying features of this cam
paign is the renomination by the Republicans
of California of so many members of the pres
ent House of Representatives. The lack of expe
rienced Congressmen at has been one of
the chief reasons why California interests have not
received more attention from the Federal Govern
ment, and why our livers and harbors remain com
paratively unimproved. It is evident that Republi
cans at least have learned 'the right lesson from the
experience of the past, and that hereafter they will
rcnominate and do their best to re-elect members of
the House who have proven their fitness for the po
sition and their fidelity to the service of their con
stituents.
Among the Representatives thus renominated is the
Hon. Victor H. Metcalf, the present membet of the
House from the Third District. No member better
merits a re-election, for none has a record during his
first term of better service to his party, his State and
his constituents.
Mr. Metcalfs career in the House has been short,
but he has already made a marked impression upon
the more influential members of that body. When the
question of his renomination was under consideration
Speaker Henderson, who was then on a visit to Cali
fornia, said: "It seems impossible that there should
be any doubt of Mr. Metcalfs return. It would be a
very great mistake not to return him to Congress.
Mr. Metcalf is an earnest, conscientious, intelligent
and untiring worker. California has never sent to
the Congress of the United States, within my recol
lection, a man who in his first term has achieved
such an enviable standing as has Mr. Metcalf, and it
will be unfortunate not only for the Third Congres-.
sional District but for the State of California if he
be not returned."
An equally eloquent testimony to Mr. MetcalFs
efficiency as a Congressman was borne at the same
time by the Hon. Smith McPherson of Iowa, who
served during the last session with Mr. Metcalf and
worked with him on committees. Mr. McPherson
said: ' "I know of no man in Congress who worked
haj-der or was more untiring in his efforts than was
Mr. 'Metcalf in standing by President McKinley and
by that Republican policy which has brought this
country out of the slough of despond into the sun
shine of prosperity that now prevails."
Speaking of his own experience in the House Mr.
McPherson said: "I learned while in Congress that
a man of experience there can do ten times more ser
vice for his section than can a new member."
Every measure affecting the interests of the Pacific
Coast engaged the attention of Mr. Metcalf. enlisted
his sympathies and aroused his energies. While de
voted to the great Republican policies which tend to
the welfare of the whole country, he did not overlook
even the slightest of those bills which affect his own
THE CONTEST IN THE THIRD.
William Hunter, merchant at Napa, is
at the Lick.
L. N. Marks, a mining man at Folsom,
Is at the Occidental.
F. N. Steele, a big cattle man of Pasa
dena, is at the Russ.
S. S. Bellerby, a London ellk manufac
turer, is at the Palace.
J. B. Sommers, a miner at Terington,
is stopping at the Lick.
Dr. and Mrs. D. J. Vogelman of Vallejo
are guests at the Grand.
Senator Thomas Flint Jr. of San Juan
Is stopping at the Palace.
S. M. Green, a big capitalist in Milwau
kee, is registered at the Palace.
R. H. Herron, an oil man of Los An
geles, is registered at the Palace.
S. D. Phillips, a mining man of Lafay
ette, Ind., is stopping at the Grand.
J. F. Burns, agent of the Santa Fe at
Los Aigeles, is registered at the Russ.
Lieutenant and Mrs. M. C. Gor«»as of
Mare Island are guests at the Occidental.
David Pepper Jr., a prominent merchant
In Philadelphia, is staying at the Palace
for a few days.
W. H. Mclneony, who Is on his way
back to Honolulu after an extended East
ern trip. Is at the Occidental.
J. M. Pierce and J. R, Sweater, who
have large mining and cattle interests in
Idaho, are stopping at the Russ.
George K. Rider and ¦wife and W. K.
Knox, the latter a prominent lumber man
at Sacramento, are stopping at the Grand.
"Walter F. Parker, secretary of the State
Board of Equalization at Los Angeles, is
in the city for a few days and is staying
at the Grand.
W. G. Nevins of Los Angeles, general
manager of the Santa Fe road on this
coast, 1b in the city for a few days and is
making his headquarters at the Palace.
E. O. McCormlck, manager of the gen
eral passenger department of the South
ern Pacific, who has been In New York
for a week, Is now in Chicago and Is ex
pected home the middle of next week.
PERSONAL MENTION.
The Board of Education has issued to school teach
ers some very elaborate instructions on the subject of
darning. The board might have spared itself the
trouble, as its actions have probably made the teachers
proficient in the art.
PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE-E. W.
T., Stege. Cal. A man born in the United.
States, who has attained the constitu
tional age, Is eligible to nomination
of the office of President of the United
States, Irrespective of the fact that his
father was not a United States citizen.
CALIFORNIA AS IT IS— R.. Corning.
Cal. No edition of ''California As It Is"
has been published since 1SSS.
the first Friday in June a legal holiday, for
the- reason that such election is not held
in the city and county of San Francisco
on that day; consequently it is not an,
election "throughout the State."
* -?
acceptance Bet the great seal of his royal
indorsement and approval upon It.
The Democratic party, as now consti
tuted and dominated, and myself have
reached the parting of the ways, for I do
not agree with its present position and
policy as set forth in its latest declaration
of principles on any of the great ques
tions now before the American people.
Given the choice between McKinley and
Roosevelt upon the one hand and Bryan
and Stevenson, on the unpatriotic Kansas
City and Chicago platforms, upon the
other, I shall, without hesitation, record
my vote on election day for that patri
otic defender of the national honor, faith
ful guardian of the public credit and gal
lant soldier of the Civil War. William Mc-
Kinley, whom four years of trial has
proved to be a sagacious leader, upright
chief magistrate and true-hearted Ameri
can, and that statesman in peace and hero
In war. Theodore Roosevelt, whose name
and fame is dear to the heart of every
comrade of the Santiago campaign, every
soldier of the Spanish-American war and
every citizen of the United States who
venerates honest, courageous, incorrupti
ble American manhood.
WILLIAM E. ENGLISH.
Indianapolis, Ind.. Sept. 19. 1900.
OUR JUDICIAL TICKET.
rlYE Judges of the Superior Court are to be
elected in this county. Candidates for the office
have been nominated by the Republican and by
the Democratic parties. It now remains for the voters
tc make choice among the candidates and to cast their
ballots for those whom they believe best fitted for the
position.
As was announced yesterday, The Call recommends
the election of Max Sloss, William R. Daingerfield,
William P. Lawlor and J. V. Coffey for the full term
and Frank H. Kerrigan for the short" term. Some of
these have been nominated by the Republican con
vention and some by the Democratic convention, but
in the choice of Judges party politics should count for
nothing. It is true the openly asserted domination of
Kelly reflects discredit upon the Republican conven
tion, but even that should not blind the people to the
fact that some excellent men have accepted places on
the ticket, nor should it lead the # voters to do injustice
to such men.
The Call stands for honesty in politics and for jus
tice to all. It has determined to support for each
office the candidate who it believes will most worth
ily perform such duties as are imposed by the office to
which he aspires. It aims to be fair and to serve the
best and fullest interests of the community.
Under no circumstances should the selection of
Judges be made a matter of partisan prejudice or bias.
Since our Judges are elected by the people, it is neces
sary that they be nominated by some assembly of citi
zens, and custom has established that the nomination
l>y made by party conventions. The custom is one of
convenience merely 3nd shouid not affect the judg
ment of any intelligent voter. There is no such thing
as Republican policy or Democratic policy on the
bench. The duties required of a Judge are those
¦which can be fulfilled only by men whose minds are
jubiect to no bias of any kind, but who with absolute
impartiality can faithfully administer the law and make
the court a temple of inviolate justice.
Such being the ca<e. no claim of party loyalty can
be made upon the voter to induce him to vote for a
candidate for a judicial position. Where the bench <i
concerned all citizens are bound to divest their mind-;
of partisan considerations and to give support only
to those candidates who will best and most faithfully
protect the rights of all litigants before the courts.
The citizen who permits his vote for a candidate for a
judgeship to be determined by any other consideration
than that of seeking to make secure the honor and
integrity of the courts will be false to one of the high
est responsibilities of citizenship.
The Call practices what it preaches. Recognizing
that no citizen should be moved by party politics in
the choice of men for judicial office, it will not itself
be subject to such partisanship. The Call is a Repub
lican newspaper. It is for protection, for sound
money, for the McKinley administration and for Con
gressmen who will uphold Republicanism upon every
i«ue. It will not. however, support for a judicial
office a man who has no other claim upon the place
than that of having been nominated by a Republican
County Convention. Consequently the judicial
ticket which The Call sustains is one fairly and hon
estly entitled to the support of all voters, no matter
to what party they belong.
HUMAN RIGHTS.
THE president of the Wells-Fargo Express in a
recent eructation for Bryan has declared with
the solemnity of a Bunsby that "there are mat
ters of greater moment than. money or trade, vz ,
human rights." We are curious to know whether
this modern Pecksniff had in view the right of poor
mortals to be exempt from the extortions of tax
shirking corporations when he fulminated this r e
markable declaration.
Ever since the imposition of the war tax the express
trust has successfully resisted its payment and saddled
this burden upon the shippers. The poor serving-girl
who desires to send 1 parcel to her family must con
tribute an extra penny in addition to the regu
lar charge to help out the express company. The
net profits of this Wells-Fargo Company, as shown
by its own statements, have been over a million dol
lars annually since the war tax was levied, and all
upon an original investment of only $500,000; and
still when the suit to settle the question as to whether
the shipper or the company should pay the tax came
up lately for hearing in the Supreme Court, after a
delay of years, the attorney for the company gravely
argued that it was the philosophy of all revenue laws
to make the consumer pay the tax and that it would
be unjust to throw the whole burden upon the ex
press companies of stamping the receipts instead of
distributing it among the shippers who stood in the
position of consumers.
This same express Don Quixote, when charging
the windmill of "imperialism" in an attempt to rally
the workingmen for Bryan, also declares: "And yet
there is an all-sufficient salvation. The laboring man
is a citizen and a voter, and the wage-earners, as a
whole, are numerous »nough to decide the election."
And he winds up with the startling announcement, "I
shall vote for Mr. Bryan," so putting himself in the
line of laboring men.
Let us examine the record of this president, of a
member of the express trust, in the light of a wage
earner. It is a notorious fact that the employes of
Wells-Fargo are very poorly paid, and it is understood
that this is due to the economic views of the presi
dent, who has full control of this subject. A canvass
among them shows that the drivers and freight hand
lers get from $20 to $60 a month, those working in the
auditing department from $15 to $60, and the clerks
generally from $30 to $00 a month. The president
and a few officials and high-priced attorneys who
fight off the war tax are better paid. The president
draws the modest salary of $25,000 a year.
It is related that during the hard times of 1893 and
1894, when he was earning his salary by writing
up the gold standard, there was a question about the
earnings of the .Wells-Fargo Company being suf
ficient to keep up the dividends to stockholders, and
to avoid this calamity and the possible loss of his po
sition Wage-earner Valentine issued an order for a
cut in the wages of ill the employes, ranging from
10 to 20 per cent, and announced with a great flourish
that his salary would be included in this cut; but
soon after he recouped by having himself elected
president, with a salary of $5000 1 year, of a bank in
Portland which was controlled by the express com
pany, and he held this sinecure place and drew this
$5000 salary, in addition to that from the express
company, for several years and until the bank be
came insolvent under his administration, when the
stock was sold out for assessments and bought in by
the express company, leaving a total loss of their in
•vestment to the outsiders. The bank is now run as
a branch of Wells, Fargo & Co. All this came out
lately in the trial of. a suit at Portland brought by
some of the outside stockholders against the corpora
tion to recover the value of their stock, and claiming
that it was sold illegally and in furtherance of a
scheme by the express company to freeze them out.
When that bank collapsed the wage-earning president
had the subservient board of directors of the express
company increase his salary $5000 a. year as president
of that company, and in this way he co-operated with
the other employes of the company in a reduction of
wages. What a shining example for the laboring
man to follow! Herein may we look for the practical
operation of an "ail-sufficient salvation."
There is a funny story now in circulation that a
year or more ago the late Collis P. Huntington
gently took this wage-earning president in hand and
suggested that he might perhaps the better earn his
salary by devoting his time to the affairs of the ex
press company and permit the national administration
to look after the General Government, at the. same
time hinting that a vacation of a few months wouM
enable him to drop out of the public gaze and then,
return quietly to his duties; that the wage-earner
took the hint and a vacation of eight or ten months,
not forgetting to draw his salary meanwhile, and
finally came back from Europe and remained quiet
as a mouse until the death of Huntington, when he
immediately began to belch for Bryan. Curiosity is
now excited to see whether the next president of the
Southern Pacific will put another bridle upon this
wage-earner or give him a permanent vacation.
When Mayor Phelan consented to become Willie's
sandwich-man his Honor probably had no suspicion
that the yellow sheet would begin to lash him as soon
as he placed himself in his self-erected pillory.
LEADING INDIANA DEMOCRAT
COMES OUT FOR McKINLEY
Captain William E. English, the Son of Han
cock's Running Mate, tiuits the
Democratic Party.
Captain William E. English, one of the most prominent citizens
of Indianapolis, has abandoned Democracy and Bryanism and has coma
out for McKinley and Roosevelt.
This conversion is regarded as especially significant, as Mr. Eng
lish has not only been a lifelong Democrat, but represents the ideas of
thousands of old-line Democrats in the State. He is the son of William
H. English, who for many years was a leading Democrat in Indiana
and was the Democratic candidate for Vice President on the Hancock
ticket in 1880.
Captain English succeeded to his father's prominence In the party.
He was elected a mmber of Congress from the Indianapolis district
on the Democratic ticket, and twice represented the district in Demo
cratic national conventions. Throughout the State he was recognized as
on* of the .party leaders who always took an active interest in poli
tics. At the breaking out of the war with Spain he was given a com
mission as captain and served in Cuba, being at San Juan and Santiago.
Since the war he has retired from the army and is now living in In
dianapolis.
r— DITOR San Francisco Call: Being
I radically and earnestly opposed to
I • the principles of the Populist party,
I row in practical control of the
I present Democratic organization, I
cannot support any man or set of men
who stand upon the Kansas City platform
of 1900. The principles enunciated in those
Popullstle declarations of political faith
are, in my opinion, unsafe, unwise and
unpatriotic, hurtful in their present effect
and 1 dangerous to the future welfare and
prosperity of the country.
In the eloquent words of the great
Charles Sumner, delivered at a trying
period of his political history, "there are
matters legitimately within the range of
expediency and compromise, but the ques
tions now before the country are of an
other character. These questions will not
admit of compromise. The questions arc
not within. the range^of expediency. To
be wrong on these questions is to be
wholly wrong."
Upon these great questions, in consid
eration of which nerther compromise nor
expediency can legitimately hold a place
and upon which to be wrong "is to be
wholly wrong," I take my position indi
vidually for the right as it is given me to
see the right, and as a free and untram
meled voter, with no personal interests to
be affected except such as affect every
other good and loyal citizen
The demagogue's well-worn cry of
"trust" or "monopolist" has no terrors for
me, as I am In no way engaged in the
business of money lending, hold no mort
gages for money loaned and own no stock
whatsoever in any bank, insurance com
pany, railroad, trust, monopoly, corpora
tion or combination.
I have at all times teen in opposition
to the unsafe financial policy which the
autocrat of Lincoln, Nebr., made the
"paramount issue" of the campaign by
forcing its adoption on the Kansas City
convention over the wishes of the major
ity of the delegates themselves, and by
refusing, as is alleged, to be a candidate
unless it was incorporated in the plat
form. In this we have our first and only
known example of the real American
"imperialist" in the full exercise of his dic
tatorial powers. This was the paramount
issue created by the Nebraskan majesty
himself, and is understood to have been
the only one which he personally and au
tocratically demanded from his humble
subjects. After his edict In this regard
had been abjectly obeyed, with that
graceful condescension which sometimes
sways and unbends the most imperial of
rulers, he graciously permitted the con
vention to select for itself a second "para
mount issue" upon which to go before the
country, and has since in his speech of
CINCINNATI COMMERCIAL TRI
BUNE. — No Tammany candidate for
President has ever been elected. That ts
a tradition that even Bryan is powerless
to violate.
BROOKLYN EAGLE.— The health n'
th<» whole community cannot be endan
gered in order to permit a comparatively
few people, stricken with a fatal mala<iy.
to go about their ordinary vocations as :
they were well. A few years of strict Iso
lation and antiseptic treatment ousht to
make consumption as rare as smallpox i>
now.
BALTIMORE HERALD.— The circum
stance that Cuba got through ner elections
without a serious riot makes It look as if
there is an abundance ot good citizenship
material on the island.
INDIANAPOLIS NEWS.— In one «*n.<««
the Imperialist issue ia practically •¦':m
inated already. For If Mr. Bryan sh . ;: 1
be elected President he would hav- to
govern the Filipinos as they are now gar
erned. at least until Congress authoriz-1
him to adopt a different policy.
HARTFORD POST.— Not Imperialism
and not silverism alone, but Bryanlsri)
pure ar.d unadulterated. 13 rapidly becom
ing the paramount Issue which para
mounts over every other iseue of the
campaign.
INDIANAPOLIS JOURNAL-A lifelong
Democrat Kivea as his reason for votlr.?
the Republican ticket this year for th*
first time the disappearance of tramps In
his locality, when, he says, "under the
last Democratic administration I fed two
or three tramps every day."
PHILADELPHIA LEDGER. — Ther*
have been before now such expressions
of belief in Impossible things as to start!*
the most credulous, but not one of them
has possessed the startling force of Sen
ator Hanna's declared unbelief In trusts.
It is not only passing strange; It paasea
human comprehension.
BOSTON JOURNAL.— If Mr. Bryan and
his followers wl3h to shoulder the respon
sibility of encouraging the enemies of
their country and intensifying Malav hat
red of the gallant soldiers who wear their
country's uniform and carry Its flair, well
and good. They can claim the precedent
for it of the copperheads of the. Civil
War.
PHILADELPHIA INQUIRER. — Th«
brute who beats hl3 wife and abuses hit
children Is not amenable to any other
than a physical punishment. Ha should
be lashed, and soundly, too. at the publlo
expense. Why should he receive free
board and lodging In a Jail? Imprisonment
has no terrors for him and tho taxpayer
has to foot a heavy bill. Tha whipping
post Is the thing.
PITTSBURG DISPATCH.— Kew York
may not be as sure as Pennsylvania or
Vermont, but it is as certainh- Republi
can a* Ohio and more so than Connecti
cut and even Senator Jones allots th« lat
ter State to McKinley.
CHICAGO TIMES-HERAXJ>, — It Is
dally becoming more evident that only the
dread of nee-ro domination prevents a
landslide to McKinley and Roosevelt In
the South. Not only is the business ele
ment thoroughly disgusted with Bryar/3
false and pernicious views on curren ff •
and economic subjects, but the entire
South resents his un-American attitudo
toward expansion and tho maintenance
of American sovereignty tn tft© Philip
pines.
PHILADELPHIA NORTH AMERI
CAN.—Again It la rumored that Grover
Cleveland Is to come out for Bryan. But
It will not happen, and. If It did. the event
would have a deadly effect upon Demo
cratic enthusiasm. Cleveland and Bryan
are really as far apart In spirit as Mc-
Klnley and Bryan. They have nothing in
common.
NEW YORK POST.— Surprises Jn poli
tics are always possible, and any man
-who has studied election returns for >
quarter of a century Is shy of prediction:*,
but It can truthfully be said by the Inde
pendent observer In the elg-hth week be
fore election that there are no lndlcatlo -g
of that sweeping 1 revolution In public sen
timent -which -would be required for Bry
an's success.
Views of the Press
on Topics of the
Times.
UP-TO-DATE
EDITORIAL
UTTERANCE
State. Senator Foster of Washington, who noted his
efforts on behalf of Pacific Coast interests, such as
checking Japanese immigration and similar matters,
said of him: "He worked not. only in the interest of
California but of the entire Pacific Coast; he was
strong and influential with all parties, notwithstand
ing the fact that he was serving his first term."
With a record of such eminent service and with
such a reputation in Congress achieved in a single
session, Mr. Metcalf deserves the vote not only of all
Republicans but of all sound-money Democrats and
of all independents who wish to ?ce California repre
sented at Washington by a delegation which will ad
vance her prestige at the national capital to its right
ful position. The voters. of the Third District owe it
to the State to re-elect Mr. Metcalf, for if a Congres
sional career be opened for him by his constituents
he will soon command the chairmanship of an impor
tant committee and take rank among the most influen
tial of the younger Republican leaders of the House.
TO the workingman who had no wages at all in
1896 Bryan says that what he gets now ought
to be increased. To the one who is earning more
now than in 1896 he says that he should be earning
more than he is. He tells the farmer that he is -not
getting enough for his wheat and the laborer that he
already pays too much for his bread.
Touring Republican States he arraigns the rate 01
wages and attempts to make his hearers believe that
in some way it is fixed by President McKinley, and
that if he is elected President he will raise that rate.
Of course by parity of reasoning he will double the
price of wheat to the farmer and give bread to the
laborer at half its present price. He is doing the
Jack Cade to perfection. Jack promised his followers
that every pint pot should hold two pints, and Bryan
believes in that kind of pint pottery in politics.
He has plunged into the politics of' the coal strike
and is trying to coin it into votes. His political theory
being that society must build on its diseases and its
failures, he goes where its diseases are, not to heal,
but to increase them. If President, what could he do
to raise wages in Pennsylvania? Let him descend
from hyperbole, quit riding the air on metaphor and
submit a bill of particulars of the measures he will
take as President to raise wages in Pennsylvania. If
he can prove that he as President can raise wages, it
is evident that President McKinley can raise wages,
and Bryan's speeches on the subject are therefore
legitimate. If he cannot prove that the President of
the United States can raise wages in Pennsylvania,
then his speeches are false, infamous and the work of
a mischief-maker and demagogue.
But are there no low wages elsewhere than in
Pennsylvania? Is labor downtrodden only in the
States that Colonel Bryan is trying to persuade into
his camp? What wages are paid in the States that he
does not have to persuade? What are the relations of
capital and labor in the States which are already for
Bryan, where he need not put his magnetism on the
market nor void his orator}' to get votes?
In Mississippi and largely throughout the South the
average wage of farm labor is $6 per month. Even
the coolies in Hawaii are paid $14.
At $6 per month a man earns $72 per year. That is
20 cents a day.
If Mr. Bryan become President does he intend to
set his highly approved wage-raising yeast in Missis
sippi also? If so he should go down there and re
buke his devoted supporters for paying $6 a month
wages. It is an easy task for him to stand up and
denounce his political enemies in the North for pay
ing $20 a month to labor. That takes no courage.
It is probably true that if the wage were $100 a month
he would denounce them for not paying $200.
His trick in politics is to spread among men war
against each other and discontent with existing con
ditions, no matter what their improvement upon what
preceded them. If men who were marching five years
ago in the ranks of Coxey's tatterdemalions are now
petting $20 a month they are at least that much better
off. We heartily wish them success in getting five
times better off than they are now. But they are not
to be bettered by Bryan's oratory, by the lure he holds
out to them, by his promises which he never can per
form. His success is far more likely to re-enlist them
with the bold and redoubtable Captain Coxey, to hit
the highway again with bare heels and terrify the
country through which they march.
But Bryan is going to raise wages in Pennsylvania/
He is going to give us dear wheat and cheap bread.
But what is he going to do for the $6 a month wage
workers in the Democratic State of Mississippi?
He attacks the trusts for not raising wage* as fast
as prices have risen. But Mississippi cotton has risen
ico per cent, and wages stand at $6. Even if raised
with cotton a man's monthly wage would be no for
tune. Can't Mr. Bryan go down South and get his
widely known and justly celebrated handspike tongue
under wages and raise them above $6?
Br^YAN, PROTEAN ARTIST.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 27, 1900.
%\it -1^B»e" (gall*
THURSDAY ...SEPTEMBER 27. i9°o
JOHN D. SPRECKELS. Proprietor.-
Address A!l Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
M \ \ "iC.r.U'S OFFICES Telephone *^5«j!|J^
f»liriJltiATldx"*OKKICKTr.Mi»rl£et and Third. S. F.
Telephone PreM SOI.
i:i)ITORIAL HOOMS 217 to 221 Steren»on St.
Telephone Preiii 2O2.
NOTED DEMOCRAT'S SON "WHO
LEAVES THE DEMOCRATIC
PARTY.
If Bnb« and Builer do not hurry a little they will
nut be able to take a Christmas dinner in peace this
year any more than they did last year.
' The local counterfeiter who pleaded that he had a
good reputation until he was caught will now have
an opportunity in San Quentjn to learn a code of
morals which is not based on deception.
William Jennings Bryan appears to be affected by
a weakness of memory. In his many enumerations of
his friends and supporters he persistently neglects to
name the greatest — Aguinaldo.
6
Townsend's California glace fruits 50c a
pound In flre-etched boxes or Jap. baskets.
639 Market. Palace Hotel. •
Special Information supplied daily to
business bouses and public men by th«
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 613 Mont-
gomery st. Telephone Main 1MZ •
Mr. Gooph — Have you "Th» Travels of
Baron Munchausen?"
Bookseller— N<x But we h&vo *Th«
Messages of LI Hung: Chans. "— Baltimore
American.
The Tictlma of next wlnter*a eptdamlo of
grippe those who** Byttetfc* hav* not raoorarsd
from exhaustion of lunmr. X>XL SIEGkJKT 8
Angostura Bitters. rrea,t South American tonla
for weak peopla.
SEPTEMBER 30, /9OO.
CALL
NEXT
SUNDAY'S
WHAT ARE YOUR CHANCES
• OF WINNING IN THE
day's Call by One on the Inside of
the Great Gambling Game.
The Subject Folly Discussed In Next Sun'
CHINESE LOTTERY?
RAISING FROGS FOR THE
SAN FRANCISCO
MARKET.
THE PASSION PLAY AT
OBERAMMERGAU AND
THE PEOPLE WHO
PLAY IT.
Observed by Henry L Kowalsky,
A SAN FRANCISCO GIRL'S
EXPERIENCE IN OLD
MEXICO.
THE PIRATES OF THE
PHILIPPINES.
THE LATEST FASHIONS IN
HATS
AND OTHER FEATURES.
SEE THE GFEAT COMIC AND HALF
TONE SECTION.
. AMUSEMENTS.
AIc««»r— "Hts Jtr«n*i« Wife."
TJvol!— -The Barber of Sertlle."
Columbia— "The Magistrate."
California— "'Luda."
Alharr.hra— "Kelly's Kid»."
C'rrh«jn> — Vaudeville.
Grard Oi>«ra-house— "Bine Jeans."
O'.ympia, corner Mason and Eddy «treetf— Specialties.
Chute*, Zoo and Theate^-VaudeTiU* every afternoon and
evening.
Fischer 1 *— Vaudeville.
Sutro Baths— Open tilrhtt.
Tarfcran Park-The Oreat Fair. September !4 to October «.
Excursion to Santa. Crui— Sunday. September 20.Fun rlws «:0l
Pun Pets 5:53
Moon sets .7:47 r>. m.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
1. e , at noon of the 120th meridian, or at t
o'clock p. m., Greenwich time.
c. a. calkins.
tJentenant rVimmnr-iipr. TT. 8. N.. In <-hare«.
Branch Hydrographlc Office, U. 8. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco. Cal..
September 28. 1000.
Time Boll.
NOTE.— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning: tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time. T-he
second time column gives the second tide of
the day. th« third time column the third tide
and the last or right hand column gives the
last tide of the *day. except when there are but
thre* tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights
given are In addition to the sounding's on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height,
and then the number given Is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference Is the mean of the lower low waters.
Some thirty cierks who have been em
ployed for the past t<-n days on the Audl-
t n r's books were dismissed yesterday, and
V^cause they fr'^t that they had been dis
criminated ajjninst, held an indignation
rnf.-tinR. B^ing Civil Service appointees
they wanted to lay their grievance before
the commission, but none of the members
¦were present. Auditor Wells says the men
were dismissed l>ecause their work was
finished. He let out twenty more lapt
r:ight, leaving twenty-live to finish the
work on seventeen personal property
books.
Civil Service Clerks Protest
A concert •wi'.l be given this evening at
Ehtrmen-Clay Hall In aid of two destitute
blind children, Gus and Willie Franklin.
The boys are almost in a starving condi
tion, arid the case is a most deserving one.
A line prupramme is promised, and it is
hoped" thtre will be a large attendance.
In a lftter to the papers on the subject.
Mrs. John Pett«=e, of th*> committee of
management, says the children, on hear
ing of the Galvttton horror, immediately
proposed that half of the proceeds of the
concert should go to the relief fund, ami
this will accordingly be done, in compli
ance with their generous desire.
To Help Blind Orphans.
Deputy Customs Surveyor St. John dc
cinres that he will continue to make ar
if-Pts of tn-.tpplers notwithstanding what
Grand Juries may do.
Haver is second baker on hoard the
transport Grant. He was stopped and
searched by Customs Inspector Richard
sun last Monday night as he was coming
ashore from the transport. Tucked In his
waistband and hat was found a quantity
of Mai.ila eipars. Several hunches of ci
.¦¦ • - and a Manila cigar box were foun'i
tt-cretf-d in his trunk. Inspector lllchard
son testified to these facts before th<»
Grand Jury, but as there were only 167
tigars found on the baker, th<s Jury* was
disposal to be lenient.
The United States Grand Jury yester
day notified Assistant United States At
torney Banning that it had refused to find
a true bill of Indictment apralnst Charles
Haver for smuggling cigars, lluver was
accordingly released from custody.
Federal Grand Jury Ignored an Ar
rest Made by Order of the
Surveyor.
HEFUSED TO LNTUCT
A CIGAB, SMUGGLER
from New York, for Naplea and Genoa, and
proceeded.
BREMEN— Arrived Sept 26— 6tmr Kalserln
Maria Theresa, frcm New York, via Cherbourg
and Southampton.
BROWHEAD— Passed Sept 26— Stmr German
ic, from New York, for Queenstown and Liver
pool.
LIZARD— Paesed Sept 26— Stmr Fuerst Bis
marck, from New York, for Hamburg.
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived Sept 26-Stmr Ger
manic, from New York, for Liverpool, and
proceeded.
Steamer Movements.
TO ARRIVE.
POINT LOnoS, Sept 26, 10 p m— Weather
hazy; wind 6W, velocity 8 miles.
DOMESTIC PORTS. -
COOS BAY— Bar bound Bept 26— Bktn Gard
iner City.
Barbound Sept 26— Stmr Arcata, for San Fran
cisco.
GRAYS HARBOR— Sailed Bept K— 8chr A B
Johnson, for San Kranclsco; schr C A Thayer,
for Guaymas: stmr Newbunj, with stmr Coro
nado, for San Francisco.
Arrived Sept 26— Stmr Ooqullle River, h»nc«
Bert 21.
ASTORIA— Sailed Sept 2»— Dan ship Jupiter.
for Queenstown; Br stmr Lennox, for Yoko
hama.
Arrived Sept 25— fitmr Despatch, hence Bept H.
PORT LOB ANGELES-Salled Sept 26-Stmr
Alcatraz, for Ban Francisco.
FORT BRAGG — Arrived Sept 26— Stmr Noyo,
hence Sejt 25.
Sailed Sept Z6— Btmr Sequoia, for Ban Fran
cisco.
ALBION— Arrived Pert 26-Schr Chas E Falk.
hence Stpt 24; »tmr Tlllamook. hence Sept 25.
CRESCENT CITY— Sailed Sept 28 — Stmr Cres
cent City, for San Francisco.
PORT GAMELE— Sailed Bept t8— Brlr Gene
va, for San Francisco.
BOWENS LANDING— Arrived Bept tt— Stmr
Navarro, hence Sept 25.
EUREKA — Arrived Sept 28 — 8tmr Pomona,
hence Sept 25; stmr South Coast, hence Sept 24.
Railed Sept 26— Stmr Iaqua, for San Fran
cIbco; Btmr North Fork, for San Francisco.
DUTCH HAItBOR— Arrived Sept ft— Stmr Sig
nal, from Grays Harbor, and called Sept 7, for
Cape Nome.
PORT TOWNSEND— Paused up Sept 26— Stmr
Humboldt, from Skairuay.
Arrived Sept 26— Schr F B Redfleld. from
Honolulu.
EASTERN PORT.
NEW YORK— Sailed Sept 26— Stmr Tudson,
for Colon.
FOREIGN FORTS. ,
VALPARAISO— Sailed Sept *5~ Oer itmr lala,
for San Francisco.
MANILA — Arrived Bept 28 — Ana itmr 81am.
hencp Auz 16.
ANTWERP-Arrlred Sept 24-Ger ship Naja
de, from Oregon.
ACAPULCO— Sailed Sept 21— Br bark Kor,
ven, for Oresron.
SANTA ROSALIA— BallM Sept 8— Br ehlp
Port Caledonia, for Puget Sound. Bept 14— Br
ship Levernbank for Taltal.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
MOVILLE— Arrived Bept 26— Stmr Anehorla,'
from New York, for Glasgrow.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived Sept 26— Etmr Ultonla,
from Boston; rtmr Lake Cbarnplain. from
Montreal.
Ql'EKNSTOWN— Sailed Sept 26— Stmr Ivw
nla, for Boston. . -
SOUTHAMPTON— Palled Sept 28— Ptmr Lahn.
from Bremen, foe New Tork.
NEW YORK— Arrived Sept 2«-8tmr Sardin
ian, from Glai>«ow.
Sailed Sept 26— Stmr St Paul, for Southamp
ton: stmr Noordland. for Antwerp; stmr Ma
jestic, for Liverpool.
LONDON— Arrived Sept 2»-Btmr Marquett».
from New York.
SCILLY— Passed Sept 26— Stmr New York,
from New York, for Southampton.
HOLYHEAD— Paesea Sept 2*— Stmr Georgian,
from New Tork, for Liverpool.
YOKOIIAMA-Arrived Sept 26— Stmr Empreai
of China, from Vancouver. B C, .for Hongkong-,
via N&zasakl and Shanghai. "
BOUIXXJNE— Arrived Sept 26— Stmr Amster
dam, from New York, for Rotterdam, and pro
ceeded. .
BOSTON— Failed Sept 29— Stmr Bohemian, for
Liverpool.
' GIBRALTAR— Arrived Sept 2«— Stmr Werra,
TELEGRAPHIC.
• SPOKEN.
June 22, lat 9 N. Ion 120 W— Br ship Indore,
hence May 30. for Gloucester.
June 27, lat 6 if, lf>n 115 \V— Br ship Band
aneira, from Chemainus, for Cardiff.
Aug h, lat 56 S, Ion 76 W— Br ship Holywood,
from Seattle, for Queenstown.
A-ub 9. lat 55 S. Ion CO \Y — Br ship John
Cooke, from Portland, for Queenetown.
Per ship Kenllworth— Sept 13, lat 21 40 N, Ion
132 20 W, ipoke a four-masted schooner *how
lng signals K P T H. May 31. lat 22 60 N, Ion
37 10 W, faw a bark xuppoeed to be barkKaiu
lanl, from New York, for San Francisco.
Wednesday, September W.
Stmr Corona, ftielow, Pan Diego.
Stmr Alex Duncan, Guthrle, .
Stmr UrpenwooJ. FaKerlund. .
Br stmr Samoa, Hudson, Taku.
Nor Ftmr Tellus, l»eder«en. Chemalfius.
Bark Kate Davenport, Merriman, Port Blak»
ij?hr Laura PIkp. Johnson. Eureka.
Schr Guide. Olsen, Grays Harbor.
Fchr Five Brother!', Jensen, Bihlers Point,
Pchr Del Norte, Jaeobson. Chetco.
Fchr Archie and Fontie, Johannsen, StewarU
Point.
Schr Llllebonne. Hanaen. Grays Harbor.
Schr Xorth Bend. Jackson. Wlllapa Harbor.
Schr Corinthian. Korth. Bowens Landing'.
Schr Newark, Beck, Bowens Landing.
SAILED.
WednesJay. September M.
Nor Hmr THlus, Pedersen, Cbemalnua; R
Dunsmuir's Sons Co. .
t-hlp Glory of the Seas. Frernan. Cotnox; R
Dun»mulr'8 Sons Co.
Hark Santiago, Engrails. Kilo; J D Spreckeli
& Broa Co.
CLEARED.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Wednesday, September 18.
Stmr Willamette, Hansen, 78 hours from Se
attle.
Stmr Green-wood, Fagerlund, 47 hours from
San Pedro.
Stmr J S Ktmba.ll, Thwln*. from Xome and
Dutch Harbor, via Seattle 3 days.
JStmr Eureka, Jensen, 214 hourn from Eureka.
Stmr Burracouta, Robinson, 12 days 22 hours
from La Llbertad, via Acapulco 1 days 22
hours.
Stmr LueTla. Madeen, 14 hours from Ca«par.
Stmr Bonlta, Nlcolson. 78 hours from New
port (S). etc.
Stmr Homer, Donaldson, 83 hoars from Ban
Pedro.
Hr Etmr Wellington, Ryman. 3H days from
Ovs-ter Harbor.
Ship Sen-la, Gllmore, 20 day* from Bristol
Bay.
Brig: Consuelo, Pa*o, 13 days from Mahukona.
Pchr Monterey. Beck. 22 hours .from Mendo
;ino.
Ship Kenllworth, Taylor, 138 daya from Pntla-
Jelj>!ila.
Shipping Merchants.
The Mary l>odge loads lumber at Tacoma
for Kahulul; the London Hill, wheat for Eu
rope, 4£s, rechartpred; the Retriever, lumber
from Port Hadlock to a direct nitrate port.
62s 6d; the W. J. Plrrie. wheat at Portland
for Europe, 36s 3d, prior to arrival.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
Robinson, who Is attending him at the
Harbor Hospital, considers It a serious
case.
Captain E. H. Svendeen of the Norwe
gian steamer Horda was married to Miss
Helga S. Myhre of Honolulu last night.
The bride came up from the islands with
her father on the steamer Rio de Janeiro
and as soon as possible after her arrival
the ceremony took place.
Charles Fredericks, a longshoreman
working on the Algoa, was severely in
jured by a couple of sacks of flour falling
on him yesterday. He was knocked
against a stanchion and badly bruised. Dr.
Svenson was driving In from South San
Francisco and when near the corner 'of
Beale and Brannan streets his horse ran
away. Svfnpon was thrown out on his
hpaii and all his money rolled out of hl9
pockets. Bystanders jj.cked .up the gold
and handed tt back. At the hospital
Pvenson was found to have $70 on his per
son, but he asserts h<» had more than that
whrn th«> accident happened.
E. Svenson. a hog rancher from 8outh
Pan Francisco, was trfated at the Harbor
Hospha) yesterday by t>r. Bauer for some
severe lacerations about the h«*ad. His
teeth were knocked down his throat, his
lips were split, he had a lacerated wound
of the h«»a<l and one of his ears was nearly
torn from his head.
J. F. Smith of Chlco came to San Fran
cisco to celebrate. He was found In an
unconscious condition on East street yes
terday and taken to the Harbor Hospital.
An examination showed that he was suf
fering fmm a lacerated wound of the
scalp, severe contusion of the wrist and a
pnFFihle fracture of the skull. In falling
Smith Ftruck his head against the curb-
Mon<>.
The hark J. C. Pflugrr.which was pur
chased by John Ros^nfeld's Sons last
week. Is "bping fixed up for a voyage to
Australia. Her masts will be put in and
everything will be ready In about ten
days. From here the Pfluger will go to
Eureka, where she wlil load lumber for
Sydney. N. S. "W.
The Mall Company's steamer Barracou
ta arrived from Central American ports
yesterday. She comes up for an overhaul-
Ing. The Colon has been laid up for re
pairs and the San Juan goes out in her
Xilace. Aft^r being thoroughly overhauled
the City of Svdney will sail on October
8. and the City of Para will sail on Oc
tober 18.
Water Front Notes.
A grand rally of all the Republicans on
the water front Is to be held to-night on
the corner of Folsom and Bteuart streets.
The Harbor Republican Club Is now one
of the most powerful organizations In the
city and a hall large enough to accommo
date all the members could not be found
in a convenient place on the front, so a
tent capable of accommodating 15<X» people
is boinir placed on the vacant lot Just
across the way from the transport dock
and there the iir.pf ting will be held. Henry
Madieon of Madison. Bruce & Sellars it*
president of the club and Harry Goodall
of Bennett & Goodall and also of the
Western Trading Company Is first \ico
president Some of the most prominent
Republicans In the city will make speeches
to-night and a grand rally is assured.
Harbor Republican Club.
The controversy between Postmaster
Montague and the Southern Pacific was
amicably settled by the Commissioners
yesterday. A fence will be built giving
the Poctofflce people a small cul de sac
and the teamsters who crowd the wharf
between 10 a. m. and 1 p. m. will be kept
away from the Postofllce.
Chief Engineer Holmes addressed to the
board a letter In which he offered the
use of his numerous patents for a 10 per
cent royalty, the royalty to be based upon
the cost of the construction of any wharf
or pier excepting the pavement. It was
placed on file.
The pavement laid around the Postomce
building was accepted and the sum of
$1TC2 25 ordered paid.
Harbor Commissioners Meet.
Captain George Scott of the pilot ser
vice has Ix-en heard from. He was carried
away on the British fhip Flintshire dur
ing Sunday's northwester and It was
feared that he might have to make the
long voyage to Cork. He has turned up
at Ventura, however, and is coming
home on the tank steamer George Loomis.
Some people say that Captain Scott is
largely Interested In the oil fields and
that is why he took advantage of the
northwester to land In ti.e center of the
oil region. It is more than likely, how
ever, that Captain Scott headed the Flint
shire inshore on the first opportunity and,
sighting the George Loomis or some other
coasting Eteamc-r. hoisted a signal of dis
tress and was taken oft. He ia expected
home to-day.
in Steamer George Loomis.
The Kenilworth left Philadelphia 13S
days ago and while that is a fairly good
passa-ge It 1b not to oe compared with the
run Captain Taylor made last year. Off
the Horn some terrible weather was en
countered. It was bitterly cold and the
ropes froze In the blocks and the water
in the pipes. The water in the tanks was
caked with Ice and in some instances
frozen solid. Besides this a driving sleet
struck the men In the face whl'.e they
were at work and some of them narrowly
escaped being frost-bitten.
In latitude 15 north a sudden Bqua.ll
carried the Kenilwnrth's main royal
mast away. On May 81. In latitude 22
degr. So min. north, longitude 37 deg. M
mln. west, a bark waj> spoken which, it
is supposed, was the Kaiulani. now over
140 days out from New York. It will be
remembered that the Kaiulani started
from New York man: 1 months affo and
got partially dismasted In a sale. She
not back to her home port and after be
ing repaired made another start for San
Francisco. She belongo to Williams. Dl
mond & Co. and may be looked for any
day.
CAPTAIN SCOTT HEARD FROM
Missinff Pilot Coming Back to Port
last Tuesday night and the wind
falling light Captain Taylor anchored
on the bar. All i.lght long the Kenil
worth lay r.ear tho lightship with her
sails clewed up. Several tugs ap
proached her and offered a tow, but the
captain said r.o. He could gain nothing
by towir.g In, as there is not a spare
berth on the front. The big ship lay at
her anchorage until late in the morning
and then when a breeze came up her sails
were shook out and she came slowly up
the bay. It was not until late In the af
ternoon that she c&me to anchor off VaJ
kjo street.
«
THE American four-masted bark
Kenllworth arrived from Phila
delphia yesterday after an event
ful voyage. She arrived oft port
THE AMERICAN BARK KEXILWORTH, FROM PHILADELPHIA. THAT ANCHORED ON THE BAR ALL NIGHT
AFTER A STORMY VOYAGE AROUND THE HORN, REFUSING THE ASSISTANCE OF A TUG. AND SAILED
INTO PORT YESTERDAY AFTERNOON.
Uoa svaa uiianimous. No other name was
buggested. Mr. Scott is not In the city,
but the board of g-overnors are confident
thsrt he will aectpt the position.
After etectins the executive governor
the Ixiurd considered the additional steps
necessary to complete organization. Eu
gtat* Goodwin was ek-ct«-<l becretar>-. The
election of vice presidents went over for
further consideration. Isaac L'pham »as
the choice for treaFUr<-r. The fund? In
the Bank of California; which has acted
es treasurer, will be turned over to Mr.
Upham.
y. W. Dohntiann reslg-n^J from the
boird of governors, expiair.ir.g tl'at he
was earnestly in sympathy with the mu
fciim, but that he had s<* many demands
on his lime be must retire. A cum
mm.ee oonslsting of A. A. Watldns. T. J.
S\mmes and It. P. Jennings was appoint
ed to nominate a Euccessor to Mr. Dohr
raann. Edward Everett, Professor T. \V.
I Bfje of the r:.iversity <jt California and
A. J. Hecbtman were intrusted with the
duty ol preparing by-laws and articles of
Incorporation, to be reported at the next
me -lire <->i Ihe board of governors. Presi
dent Benjamir. Ide WheeXer. R. P. Jen
nings, F. \\". Dohrmann, Wakeficld Ba
ker snd T. J. B}*mmes wtre instructed as
a committee to report nominations for
membership In the advisory board, which
bedy Is honorary. i:aving the rijht to
meet with the subscribing members at
their annual meeting and to take part in
their discussions, but not to vote.
A. A Watkins advocated the enactment
of a provision to fine every member of
the board of governors who Fhall be late
nve minutes nt any meeting: This was
discussed, but was finally tabled.
Org-anization Work Advanced by
Naming Secretary and Provid
ing for Incorporation
and By-Laws.
Irving M. Scott was elected executive
governor and also president of the Pa
cific Commercial Museum on nomination
of B. P.. Jennings by the board of gover
nors yesterday. TIiJe mak<\-= liirn t!-.' 1 ex
ecutlve head of the Institution, with
power to exercise general suj>< rvision, to
appoint permanent and temporary em
ployes and lo susixnd any employe for
neglect of duty or other cause. The e!ee-
Irving M. Scott Is Selected
by the Board of Gov
ernors.
CHOSEN AS THE
EXECUTIVE HEAD
OF NEW MUSEUM
Running Gear and Water in the Tanks Freeze Hard, While Som
of the Sailors Suffer From Cold and Frostbites.
KENILWORTH HAS HARD LUCK
WHILE ROUNDING THE HORN
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 27, 1900.
TO SAIL.
THURSDAY. SEPTEMBER 27.
NOTE.— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-flvo minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide la the same at both places.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey—
Times and Heights of High and Lo-.v
Waters at Fort F'olnt. entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
Sun, Moon and. Tide.
7
Steamer. From. I>u».
Point Arena.... Point Arena Sep. 27
State of Cal.... Portland Sep. 27
MIneola Nanaimo Sep. 27
North Fork . • Humboldt Sep. 27
Mackinaw Seattle Sep. 27
Arcata Coos Bay Sep. 2S
Crescent City.. Crescent City Sep. 28
Pomona Humboldt Sep. 2*
Curacao Mexico Sep. 28
Santa I'.nsa San Diego Sep. 2S
Kewburf Grays Harbor Sep. 2S
Del Xort« Portland Sep. 23
Copt'c China and Japan Sep. 29
W. H. Krurer.. Tlllamook Sep. 29
Empire Coos Bay Sep. 29
Proyreso Tacoma Sep. 30
Coos Bay Newport Sap. 30
Tltanla Nanaimo Sep. 30
Carlisle City ... China and Japan Oct. 1
Ban Bias New York Oct. 1
Eureka Humboldt Oct. 1
Walla Walla... Victoria Oct. 1
Columbia Portland Oct. 2
Corona San Diego Oct. 2
Coqullle River. .(Grays Harbor Oct. 2
Steamer.
6teamer. I Destination Balls. Pt«r.
J S. Klmbl'Capo Nome... Sep. 27,- ipm Pier J
Eureka (Humboldt Sep. 27. 10 am Pier 13
Rainier .... Seattle Sep. 27, 6 pm Pier 13
Willamette Seattle Pep. 2*. * pm Pier 9
San Juan.. New York Sep. 2S. 12 m PMSS
City Puebla Victoria Sep. 28. 11 am Pier 9
Honita INewport Sep. 28. 9 am Pier 11
Czarina ...ISeattle Sep. 23 Pier 6
Arcata |Coos Bay Sep. 29, 13 m Pin- 13
8t. Paul... .ICape Nome... Sep. 29. t pml
Santa Rosa|£an Diego Sep. SO, 11 amU'l-r 11
Htrodot .*... I Hamburg Sep. 30. 10 am I Pier 7
State of Cal | Portland Sep. SO. 11 amlPier ??
North Fork! Humboldt ISep. 30. 9 amiPler 5
Pomona ...iHumboldt I Sep. 30, 2 pm|Pler 9
PL Arena. .[Point Arena. .!Oct. 1. 8 ptnlPter 2
City Rio J.IChlna&Japan'Oct. 2, 1 pmlPMSS
Coos Bay.. I Newport Oct. 2. 9 am|Pler 11
Del Norte.. Portland [Oct. 3 1
Walla W... Victoria lOct. 3. 11 amiPler |
Moana Australia lOct. 3. t pm'Pler 7
Corona San Diego 'Oct. 4, 11 am] Pier 11
n ITIme Time Time Tlrael
J I Ft. Ft. Ft. 1 Ft.
• H TV L W H W L W
27 ...I 1:55 4.3 «:S« 2.6 12:5S 6.2 7:41 0.5
ZS ... 2:4? 4.1 7:15 2.3 1:26 5.1 8:30 0.8
tt ... 1:49 4.0 1:00 3.0 2:06 6.1 9:25 O.«
80... 4:58 8.9 »:05 8.2 2:53 4.9 10:26 0.6
1 ... 6:67 4.1 10:27 3.3 4:04 4.81 11:29 O.«
2 ... .«:51 4.4 11:47 8.0 6:22 4.8
3 ... 0:27 0.« 7:37 4.T 12:58 2.7 6:41 4.8
n ITIme Time Time Tlrael
J I Ft. Ft. Ft. 1 Ft.
• H TV L W H W L W
27 ...I 1:55 4.3 «:S« 2.6 12:5S 6.2 7:41 0.5
ZS ... 2:4? 4.1 7:15 2.3 1:26 5.1 8:30 0.8
tt ... 1:49 4.0 1:00 3.0 2:06 6.1 9:25 O.«
80... 4:58 8.9 »:05 8.2 2:53 4.9 10:26 0.6
1 ... 6:67 4.1 10:27 3.3 4:04 4.81 11:29 O.«
2 ... .«:51 4.4 11:47 8.0 6:22 4.8
3 ... 0:27 0.« 7:37 4.T 12:58 2.7 6:41 4.8
Steamer. From. I>u».
Point Arena.... Point Arena Sep. 27
State of Cal.... Portland Sep. 27
MIneola Nanaimo Sep. 27
North Fork . • Humboldt Sep. 27
Mackinaw Seattle Sep. 27
Arcata Coos Bay Sep. 2S
Crescent City.. Crescent City Sep. 28
Pomona Humboldt Sep. 2*
Curacao Mexico Sep. 28
Santa I'.nsa San Diego Sep. 2S
Kewburf Grays Harbor Sep. 2S
Del Xort« Portland Sep. 23
Copt'c China and Japan Sep. 29
W. H. Krurer.. Tlllamook Sep. 29
Empire Coos Bay Sep. 29
Proyreso Tacoma Sep. 30
Coos Bay Newport Sap. 30
Tltanla Nanaimo Sep. 30
Carlisle City ... China and Japan Oct. 1
Ban Bias New York Oct. 1
Eureka Humboldt Oct. 1
Walla Walla... Victoria Oct. 1
Columbia Portland Oct. 2
Corona San Diego Oct. 2
Coqullle River. .(Grays Harbor Oct. 2
Steamer.
6teamer. I Destination Balls. Pt«r.
J S. Klmbl'Capo Nome... Sep. 27,- ipm Pier J
Eureka (Humboldt Sep. 27. 10 am Pier 13
Rainier .... Seattle Sep. 27, 6 pm Pier 13
Willamette Seattle Pep. 2*. * pm Pier 9
San Juan.. New York Sep. 2S. 12 m PMSS
City Puebla Victoria Sep. 28. 11 am Pier 9
Honita INewport Sep. 28. 9 am Pier 11
Czarina ...ISeattle Sep. 23 Pier 6
Arcata |Coos Bay Sep. 29, 13 m Pin- 13
8t. Paul... .ICape Nome... Sep. 29. t pml
Santa Rosa|£an Diego Sep. SO, 11 amU'l-r 11
Htrodot .*... I Hamburg Sep. 30. 10 am I Pier 7
State of Cal | Portland Sep. SO. 11 amlPier ??
North Fork! Humboldt ISep. 30. 9 amiPler 5
Pomona ...iHumboldt I Sep. 30, 2 pm|Pler 9
PL Arena. .[Point Arena. .!Oct. 1. 8 ptnlPter 2
City Rio J.IChlna&Japan'Oct. 2, 1 pmlPMSS
Coos Bay.. I Newport Oct. 2. 9 am|Pler 11
Del Norte.. Portland [Oct. 3 1
Walla W... Victoria lOct. 3. 11 amiPler |
Moana Australia lOct. 3. t pm'Pler 7
Corona San Diego 'Oct. 4, 11 am] Pier 11
AMUSEMENTS.
I L£s! S 3 ffvn »%a IA tuomo
fl ft &^8^*U *>i=ATXja
Up to and Including Saturday Nlcht,
MATINEE SATURDAY.
CLAY L. R.
CLEMENT STOCKWELL
AND A STRONO' COMPANY.
Revival of Pinero's Popular Comedy Success,
"THE MAGISTRATE."
HE COMES ON
SUNDAY NIGHT
AND REMAINS 8 NIGHTS AND SAT. MAT,
The World's Greatest Laugh Maker.
...EDDIE FOY...
In the Very Latest Comedy Success,
**J\ NIGHT IIN TO1A/IN."
SEATS NOW READY.
rniCES $1, 75c, 50c, 35c, 25c
AGAIN TWO ENORMOUS TRIUMPHS!!
To-Night, Sunday Evening and Saturday
Matinee,
THE BARBEROF SEVILLE
FRIDAY. SATURDAY EVENINGS.
TANNHAUSER.
POPULAR PRICES 25c and BOc
'. Telephone Bush 9.
fitftH EAT R £7A>
WILL. MAKE YOU LAUGH.
THIS AND
THURSDAY entire
NIGHT WEEK
PICTURESQUE
PRODUCTION.
His Japanese Wife.
By CLAY M. GREENE.
MATINEE SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
SEATS NOW READY FOR
NEXT TVEEK-"WE-nNS OF TENNESSEE."
QRAND OPERA MOUSE
MATINEE SATURDAT AND 8UNDAT.
NEWBiM^eW Bn5& I PANY
.... ONLY THIS WEEK ....
Joseph Arthur's Famous Hoosler Drama.
BLUE JEANS ....
Next Week.. "THE SPORTING DUCHESS."
EVENING PRICES— lOc. 15c, 25c, SOo.
A Few Front Rows In Orchestra 75c.
M.-TINEE FRICES-lOc, 15c. 25c, BOo.
No Hither.
Branch Ticket Office — Emporium.
CHUTES and ZOO
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
SPECIAL TO-NIGHT :
....THE AMATIURS....
' AND THE GREAT COMIC FEATURE,
A LADIES' OBSTACLE RACE
IN CONJUNCTION WITH A
BIG VAUDEVILLE SHOW!
AQUATIC SPORTS~ON THE LAKE.
Telephone for Seats Park 23. •
Dr. Bennett's Electric Belt
Makes weak mra and women Ftrong and strong
mrn and women stronger. Rooms S and 6, 47
Poet tt.. San Fraoclaeo Cal.
causing couKhJr.R. sneczinp. jrapging an']
frequent clearings of the throat and head.
The usual treatment by local touches,
snuffs, calves, etc. often gives temporary
r^ii p f. but anythtns like a cure can only
b<» obtained by a treatment which removes
the catarrhal taint trom the blood and the
disappearance cf the Inflammation from
the mucous surfaces.
A new remedy which meets these re-
oiiire-m^nts and which so far ha* been re-
markably successful !n curing catarrh is
Stuart's Catarrh Tablets.
These tablets act upon the blood and
mucous membranes only. They can hard-
ly be called a i^ecret patent medicine as
they are composed of su^h valuable reme-
dies as SanRuinarla. HydraMIn, Eucalyp-
tol and similar cleansing antlsf-ptie?,
which cure by t-liminailr.g from the blood
and mucous surfaces the catarrha! poison.
Stuart's Catarrh Tablets are larpre.
pleasant tasting lozenges taken Internal-
ly allowing them to dissolve slowly in
the mouth: in this way they reach the
throat, fauces end the entire alimentary
canal. —
If de5ire<5 th<»y may also be d!««o1ve<J In
water and used as a douche in addition to
the Internal use. but it is not at all necos-
H rj- to use a douche; a few of them dls-
poived in the mouth dally will be suffi-
cient. Howevr, when there is much
stoppage of the nose, a douche made from
thef»e tablets will give immediate relief.
but the regular daily use internally of
thepe tablets will cure the whole catarrhal
trouble without resorting to the Incon-
venience of a douche.
Pr. B< Bient states "that the Internal
tr'Strne/ fr.r catarrh is rapidly tj<kinp
the place of the old plan of dmichinK and
local application, and further says that
probably the J*«st and certainly the safest
remedy at present on the market is
Ftuart's Catarrh Tablets, as no secret is
made of th^ir composition and all the
really efficient remedies for catarrh are
contained In this tablet." -,/ .
DruggiFtP pell Stuart's Catarrh Tablets
at fifty cents for full-sized packages. Ask
vour drup^iKt and if he Is nonept he will
tell you there is no safer, more palatable,
more efficient and convenient remedy on
the market.
A Simple Remedy Whicli "Will Inter-
est Catarrh Sufferers.
In Its earlier stapes catarrh ie more of a
nuisance than a menace to the general
health, but sooner or later, the disease ex-
t*n<2s to the throat, bronchial tubes and
even to the storrach and intestines.
Catarrh If essentially a disease of the
mucous membrane, the local symptoms
being: a profuse discharge of mucus, stop-
page of the nostrils, Irritation In throat.
A DAILY NUISANCE.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
AMXTSEMENTS.
SANTA CRUZ
EXCURSION
UniSer the Man*jrement of WM. H. MENTON,
Excursion Pass«nger Agent.
VIA COAST LINE NARROW GAUGE
SOUTHERN PACIFIC COMPAJTT.
SUNDAY SEPTEMBER 30
HATHHIO BEACH
Finest Sand, Smooth and Cl»an. Good Bath-
homes and Obliging Attendants.
Ocean Fishing or Trout FlsrWRgr In t&« Brooks.
Big Tre« Grove Flv* Miles Distant.
ROUND TRIP S2.OO ROUND TRIP
TRAIN LEAVES
SAN FRANCISCO— Ferry Landing, Foot of
Market Street 7:-*.% 3. m.
OAKLAND — Fourteenth and Franklin
Streets 7:4."i a. ra.
ALAMEDA— Park-street Station 8:20 a. m.
Returnlcg, Leave Santa Cruz at 4:12 p. ra.
Arrive San Francisco 8:05 p. m.
Tickets on Sale SEPT. 27th. 2Sth and 23th. 613
MARKET ST.. Graml Hntel Elock.
Also en the Morning of the Excursion at tha
Ferry Landing, Fourteenth and Franklin sts..
Oakland, and Park-st Station. Alameda.
E. O. McCORMICK. T. H. GOODMAN.
Pass. Traffic Manager. Gen. Pass. Afrt.
Cure For
Eye-Glasses
Which tip, nip or slip. Our n«w noteffuanl*
Ttey don't pinch— they bold.
Oculists* prescriptions filled. Factory am
premises. Quick repairing. Phone. Main IS.
642 Market 5t. imsirumcnij
u*ocr cmrowcle BUU.01N&. Catalogue fRtt.
CAFE ROKJLSgi
Vallsea checked fr*»
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Price Lists Mailed
on Application.
ATTORNEY.
F. H. MERZBJLCH. lawyer. 808 Cat. Clonl* bd.
COAL, COKE A>D PIQ IRON.
JC U'll CAV He m *"° Battery 8tpe«t.
• L- nlLMJll tt LU . Telephone Mala 1SS4.
» COPPERSMITH.
C W CM1TR E h! P Plumbtnir. Steamboat and
l^ It' J.TlllU- Ship Work a specialty. 1« and
IS Washington st. Telephone Main IML.
ELECTRICAL.
D. XX WAS3.
Electrical Engineer, t* East tt.
PRESH AND SALT MEATS.
11^ ROYF^^rft Bhlpplnr Butchers. 104
JAj. DUIC3 a t'J- aay, TeL Mala UM.
OALVANlZINQ A>D METALS.
M-'«r- A Dealer In Metals A Galvanizina-. JOHN
FTXN METAL WORKS. tH Howard st.
METAL.
Ejrtrm Itnotyp* and stereo*79« matal. Paelflo
Metal 'Works. 137-9 First st.. San Francisco.
OILS. ~
LUBRICATING OILS. LEONARD A EXLIS.
41» FVont St.. 3. F. Phnne Main 171X
PAINTS.
Cylinder A Labrlcatln? Oils. SchnefiJei's Mtaln*
Candles. C O. CLINCH ft CO.. » Front 3. F.
PRINTINO.
E- C« HUGHESf Jll S^some^st!, a. P.
PRINTERa BOOK BINDERS.
tub hicks- jxn>r> co.,
S3 First St.. San JTmnrlseo.
STATIONER AND PRINTER.
TeJet^aphta PADTttlTifiF 1M California
Codes. rAHimUUE street.
WHITE ASH STEAM COAL, ?jg I***
DIAM0XT> COAL, MINIXO CO., at Its GREEN
RIVER COLUERIE9. Is the Be«t Coal In ta«
Eoaxtcat. Offlc* aad Taxda— C3 ilaln stre«v
r t^^^. If nil I t\ \^ '¦'Ci''- i . ''1 '' - : .jj533SnHJfiH3wWHffBn1
0dw8k, THAT WILL WEAR ?
/ : 7//i\\\w\\\ W-^^V If so - buy a PKAU D^ sons sn/K r^^^S^P^W^^B^^^^^
/¦///AWWY-WW N-"-f^S:i WAIST: it will wear and we guarantee BMBBBMfcTig^Yi W r*<&££S£i
l : l\Wt \U 0 ; rw satisfaction. It la mada of best French I^'IBbS iS^JI^^^E^Sfl
i'-ll'S v\\\"^ \ \ -fti'} l>eau de Soin Sllk " tucked back, front ami ' r^'.flB^3y3RJUcCSl >l >^5sili U8l'"^ * ""^-V 1 j
t'l/'f VvffX / 'V'/ sleev«>: front trimmed with crystal but- " : , "-.^hynT^y"^'^^"¦vBhi *^82@rSJ^
\-U\ \v\\^ / »r ton?, fancy stock; new sleovs, lined 1 'Jl M m i*mBI
vvV JM\? \i fj throughout; colors pink, blue, rose, laven- gjg3 5S"rgPJ i W^^iS I'JlSn
\^\^^*§^S ij/jf pQ dcT and white. Wonders never cease at
5^^**C5f f[u\nT7\ Rosenberg's. Thl3 J10.00 waist, same as P^*|yg^^Sy|ty~yyBywX!»ygij^yy^
#^^^^N^ 1 //li •''//( I CUt> ' Or PctLSJA V^ftfl^uE JtftAuM tX *^v!AaA^1
bareaJ tO ~ d i ay an '^ to " morrow wo offer pome rery tempting HKgH^^oJ|»^S[S
HANDKERCHIEF DEPARTMENT.
S^lgggi^rSlliS^^ THE STORE THAT ADVERTISES FACTS.
h^rS.tFtfh P d TA h : ?? ER K H IP S i , m f^ 9 i of B0 5? '^^ BEST CORSET on the coast for SI. OO. It Is a srreat deal
nemstltched. hand embroidered Initials ,..« c Each to say. but It's true. Made of the beat Imported sateen:
GIANTS' HANDKERCHIEFS, same quality as above, double side steel?, rustproof front steels, embroidered
only larger, hand embroidered Initials lOc Bach tops, new French bias cut. hand-ct>r»d. new military
(straight front. Thla corset. Including two 5- Cj QQ
W£ ARE KINGS IN GOLFING SKIRTS. *"* ""'£ M 'i .Fm '-" rn°R9 f T' '
GOLF OR WAI KING SKIRTS made of excell t mAjLOII UUnoCli
wool plald-back Kotflnjr. ctit after "rst-cfas^tailor r^tl . If JgLZ™** JfejK*?." 1 "®, VJ 11 ? T t??-.. Wo arft ag ' enU
terns, stitched and tailor finished, welted seams; perfect for HER MAJESTY" and "LA VIDA" Corsets,
hanging and perfect fitting. They come In all new Fall "HElt MAJESTY " CORSET.
We'b^iie°p I 5n^,7 1 i ed forapetitors ask $6.00. ««.75 This is the Ctorset that makes fat people look thtn. We
we belie\e In quick rales. Rosenberg's price.. «PO» * «* guarantee this corset for 90 days. Should you break a
steel In this corset within 90 days we replace It with a
CTnnr I|C\A/O new corset. They are made of best Italian cloth, lined.
OIUilL IiuiTOi well steeled with best tempered steel, easy and pcrnfort-
T>T?Tr^cj wav n^Tt'v able: newest shapes; better than any made- Cl 7ft
NOT SO i\q - D0^ N< ' to-order corset of four times the price of this.. '
Best Quality Steel Safety Pins 3c Doz. We have Ju3t received a new lot of those lovely
M^SSS^SS^#^^^i::;:;:gg LADIES' KIMONA DRESSING JACKETS.
,.«, «,-¦; ifmiLRli! JHUJmtJi 'AAJByAJUg' WHY NOT RP Ask to see our BEAT"rTFlE:RS, or Veilings. That 19
W^^k^^^^^^^P J 3^^^^m 01 " Ul DC OUR SPDCIAX.TT. Tou are respectfully lnVitefl to lrs-
Wf^^SlP^'^S^XTT^aTKi HAMfKflMP 9 ttf&£ ur Parl?lan , Novelty that we have Jus: received.
K5 £F*n dri^k 8 KS \ %Sk A B I BBS nMllUOUnlL I J11 b< * Put on =ale for the rest of this weelc O=r-
m STILL ANOTHER LADIES'
TAFFETA M^
KL^^wTSlS^^C^iS S^^^^f Made of good, soft-flnlshed taffeta; /n\ y^lTKfUll^*^^
Bay H Bg I wBvgiPbjB « El K^JrrSiM tucked back and front; new sleeve Rare f'c rl'tllif \(lli/tt\
His^wfflsaiMBIsBHi^tew8igjJlJ6Jwg^^ga cuff, lined; all Flze<=: colors blue, rose. kj L /'III 'I! *"Ml!l i 't \\
tjP™^y^^^^ij^!jf*yy*~TO*G^g^^^g9 cerise, sage and black. You have paid as — y t f\\\l{h^j iill Itf ~\\
tfSS^f i OT 3s ?S 5^M 55?^^S&?r!?23 much for a cotton wal?t as t2O Q=: p-l/ /I if/,'// \ VI IM \
we ask for this sllk one O-6»JO I \\\V\>\>Jjlfff,\ \
m^^s^w^^^^^^^^ — I \K K 1 \&"i tlf'A \
/^awKV^^^^^SLT^lT^S SALE3 AT BOTH EJVTWflflCES, Vx\\'M 7 Iff// V ' \
816 Market St 11 O'Farrell St. vl'W-^r /?'/
JOE ROSENBERG, SW
v^mmlmym«^litW^Ai 1^@^t!M^mk'U MAIL orders psomptlt attended to. »^Vnx^>-^
AMUSEMENTS.
vaudevilljTat its best
FINAL WEEK OP
JESSIE BARRETT DAVIS.
— -WAYNE AND CALDWELL. KOLB
AND DILL. MR. AND MRS. JACK
SON. MERRITT AND MURDOCK.
MUSICAL JOHNSTONES. McCABE
k-AND DANIELS. BIOORAPH.
Reserved Peats. 25c: Balcony, 10c: Opera
Chairs and Box Scats. 50c.
Matinees Wednesday, Saturday and Sunday.
NEXT WEEK
Camille D'Arville.
Saturday Night!
First Appearance In America, of
The Azzali Italian Grand Opera Co.
"AIDA!"
RESERVED BEATS— Nlrtrt. Via. BOc. J5c;
Matln»e. 50c. 25c.
ALF ELLINGHOUSE Prop, and Manager
It's Wonderful How Business Keeps Upt
'f\ AWFUL MIT'-"
THI3 WEEK ONLY— EVERT NIGHT.
MATIXEE SATURDAT.
The Bis Farce Comedy, New York World's
Success.
KELLY'S KIDS.
3O— TVTS MAKERS— 3O
All Brlfht. Breezy and New.
REGULAR POPULAR PRICES.
Evening 15c. 25c. 33c. 50c and 73a
Matinee *3c. 23c. 35c and 50c
Next Sunday Afternoon — The Herald Square
Theater Fare* Comedy Success, Direct From
New York.
"THfKT WAN.",- :
TANFORAN FAIR
THE PROGRAMME FOR
THURSDAY SEPTEMBER XI
WTLL INCLUDE
•THE JTJDGINO OF HACKN'ETB. COACH
HORSES. THOROUGHBRED POXIES and
SADDLE HORSES.
SECOND DAY OF THE BTATB POLO TOUR-
NAMENT.
EXHIBITION OF VAQUERO RIDING OP
WILD HORSES.
BETNCH SHOW AND JUDGING OF ITNB
CATTLE.
Take trains— 10:49. 11:20 a. m.. 11:38. 140 and
1:30 r. m.
Special train at 10:00. a. ra.. Saturday, for
Athletic Games.
HENRY J. CROCKER, President.
GEO. A. NEWHALL. Secretary.
17IQPH17R'Q CONCERT HOUSE.
Hanlon & Slnirer. De Gosco Brother*. The*.
K. Shepard. Antonio Vargas, Mae Tunlson,
Pearl Hlckman and New Moving Pictures.
Reserved Seats. 23c: Matinee Sunday.
OPEN NIGHTS.
Open Dally From 7 A. M. to 11 P. M.
Bathing: From 7 A. M. to 10 P. M.
Admission. 10c: Children. 5e.
Bathing. Including admission. 2Sc: Children. We.
DOALL'S fiEINVIGOBATORRGng
FIt* hundred reward for anr B^flBf'3
caie we cannot cure. This secret 0*9 ""9
remedy stopf all losses In U hour*. ¦ ?¦
cures Emissions, Impcteacy, Varl- teH TEli
cocele. Gonorrho«a. Gleet, Fits. fTR
etrlctures. Lout Manhood and all UluJ (ilUJ
wasting effects of self-atmss or wR-fi P^?3
excesses. Sent sealed, it icttle; J EC^ZBb'i'*
bottle*. SS: guaranteed to curt any cam. Ad-
dress HALL'S MEDICAL INSTITUTE. US
Broadway. Oakland. Cal. Also for sal* at 10TIH
Market rt.. 8. F. All prlvat* dUeaa— quickly
cured. Benl tor treo book.
AD VEBTISEMENTS.
AD VEBTISEMENTS. .
xu $$j^A- 1
"WHEN GREEK MEETS GREfcK".
Then comeo the tug of war. but when
laundry meets laundry, in such sharp com-
petition as Is met with In San Francisco,
you can readily understand why we do
more buslneBs than any other laundry In
the city. Laundry work Is our business,
and we make It our business to do work
such as no other laundry can compete
with.
Domestic finish for full-dress shirt** If
you order it.
No saw edsrefl. ,
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
Offloe 1OO4 Market Street
New PowsJL
Telephone— South 42O,
Oakland Offlce-62 San Pablo Ave,^A. R. RADOMSKT. A LEADING WITNESS IN THE McGLADE CASE,
WHO. ACCORDING TO THE PROSECUTION, WAS ORDERED INTO
CUSTODY BY THE COURT ON A CHARGE OF PERJURY.
TTWO LIVES LOST IN"
AN IOWA CYCLONE
Thirteen Persons Injured and a Num-
ber of Buildings Destroyed by
the Storm at Ferguson.
FIVE J/TEN BUHTED •
UNDER TONS OF BRICK
MARSHALL/TOWN, la., Sept. 26.— The
cyclone which swept through the village
of Ferguson, nine miles from this city,
last night, caused the death of two per
sons. Injured thirteen others and demol
ished a number of houses.
The dead are George, aged 3, and Elmo,
aged 1. children of John Loveday, pro
prietor of the hotel. Among the moat
seriously injured are: Mrs. John Love
lady, dangerously; Miss Mamie Holubar,
will die; Thomas Pellng, section hand,
fatally; William Roberts, ticket agent;
James Mullen, telegraph operator.
The depot was demolished and four cars
on a siding were reduced to kindling wood.
Lightning Strikes a Kiln in Indiana
and Four STen I*ose
Their Lives.
EDWARDS VILLE, 111., Sept. 26.—
lightning struck a kiln at th© Glencarbon
brickyard near here to-night, demolishing
the kiln and burying five men under tons
of brick. The killed:
ISAAC KARLOCK.
CHARLES MATHER.
ELMER CHUMLEY.
THOMAS HARTBECK.
Joseph Burckhardt was taken oat alive,
but is badly injured.
BOSTON'. Ser>t. 26.— Boston won to-day's
name, maklnsr three straight from New York.
Thinking the game was clinched, Captain
Davis substituted Matthewson for Seymour in
the fifth. His wildness. combined with Bos
ton's battine. drove him from the box In the
eighth innins. Mercer replaced him when it
was too late to eave the" game. Attendance,
1000. fc'core:
Clubs— R. H. K.
Boston 8 7 2
New York 7 11 6
Batteries— Dlneen, Clarke and Connor; Eey
mour. Matthewaon, Mercer and Orady. Um
pire — Snyder.
RROOKX.YN', Sept. 26.— The Brooklyns played
In championship form to-day and whitewashed
the Philadelphlas with ease. Attendance. 2200.
Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Philadelphia „ 0 4 1
Brooklyn 13 17 1
Batteries — Donahue and Douglass; Kitson and
Karrell. Umpire — Hurst.
PITTSBUItG. Sept. 26.— Cincinnati defeated
tha home team to-day by better all-round play
lnc Attendance, 4C00. Score:
Clubs— R. H. K.
Pittsburg 4 8 S
Cincinnati 6 10 4
Batteries— TannehlH. Phlllppl and Hlllmer;
Scott and Kahoe. Umpire— Emslle.
Clubs— W. U Pet. Clubs— W. I* Pet.
Brooklyn 74 Gl .592 Chicago 60 67 .458
Plttsburg ...72 64 .572 St Louis ....57 GS .456
Philadelphia 67 69 .532 1 Cincinnati ...65 71 .437
Dceton 64 61 .612 New York. ..63 73 .420
Clubs— W. I* Pet.
a Narrow Margin.
Bostons Win Third Straight Game by
NEW YORKS AGAIN DEFEATED.
Radomsky was tnken to the City Prison
pnd locked up. He made a further denial
that he had deliberately changed his tes
timony or had been offered any Induce
ment to do so. An investigation may^,de
tprmine who is right, the witness or the
District Attorney.
"The case looks plain to me," said As
sistant District Attorney Deuprey after
court had adjourned. "Tills man Ra
domsky has been carried from this court
to his home, 348 Fourth street, by one
Fltzpatrlek. a friend of McGlade. who
has plied him with liquor and succeeded
In making him change hia testimony, if
not to break down the prosecution's case
to at least reflect on his own credibility
ns a witness, which will ko a long way
toward saving McG'ade. Radoraslty was
employed by John Daughney, a foreman
under Superintendent of Streets Ambrose,
and was used by McGlade as a messenger
to cash the forged warrants on the treas
ury. He -was not a party tr> the crimes
committed by McGlade. but in his efforts
to assist him he Is now confronted with
a charge of p<»r.1ury. Ills arrest was made
with the object in view of proceeding
ogainst him on the charge named."*
Judge Burnett immediately ordered Ra
dom?ky into the custody of the Sheriff,
for what purpose Is not yet clear; but an
Investigation will result, even though
Radomsky is not charged with perjury.
"These two Irreconcilable statements of
this witness take on a eerlous aspect
when duly considered." said Deuprey,
"and should be investigated."
"No one has approached me," said the
witness. "I did not intend to mislead the
court, but I became excited and got con
fused as to the dates."
Attorney Lennon here took the witness.
"Has any one approached you or offered
you a consideration to change your tes
timony?" said Mr. Lennon.
"I believe this witness has ¦willfully
chanered his statement," said Assistant
District Attorney Deuprey, "to meet the
requirements of the defense. Perjury has
certainly been committed, whether will
fully or not must be determined by inves
tigation."
"If 1 did I did not intend to say so,"
replied the witness. "I thought you were
referring to this order of September 16.
I was excited when I was on the stand
yesterday and became confused as to the
dates of the instruments."
District Attorney Byington sprang to his
feet and hurled a crossfire of questions at
the witness. "Did you not say on direct
examination that you received this order
of October 14 from Peter McGlade, and
did you not positively identify the order
when you were being examined in this
court yesterday?" demanded the District
Attorney.
"Yes, I am positive of that," Bald the
witness.
CLEVELAND. Sept. 28.— The congress
of ths National Prison Association to-day
elected the following officers for the en-
•
Officers Elected.
Council of administration— Colonel M.
Enniftt Urell, District of Columbia: Cap
tain Henry D. Green. Pennsylvania; Cap
tain Bernard F. Relnold. Xew York; John
H. Hopper, New Jersey; Max Fleiseh
rnan. Ohio; Otto L. Sues. North Dakota;
Major Harold C. Megrew, Indiana.
Sponsor— Miss Clara Barton.
The convention decided on a uniform
ot mixed blue and gray as typical of the
union of the Nortn and South during the
Spanish war. The following officers were
elected:
Commander Jn chief. General Kelson A.
Miles.
Senior -vice commander In chief, Colonel
James H. Tillman of South Carolina.
Junior vice commander In chief. Colonel
William H. Hubbell of New York.
Inspector general. Colonel Frank H.
Harrington. U. S. M. Corps.
Judge advocate general. Major Charles
E. Miiler of Ohio.
Surgeon general. Dr. S. Clifford Cox, U.
Adopted.
WASHINGTON', Sept. 26.— The conven
tion of Spanish War Veterans continued
its business here to-day. The chief item
of interest In connection with the election
of officers was the selection of Colonel
James N. Tlllman of South Carolina as
senior vice commander In chief. Major
Harold Megrew of Indiana had been nom
inated for this office, but withdrew and
substituted the name of General Joe
Wheeler, who received four votes In the
balloting.
of Union of North and South,
Blue and Gray Uniform, Emblematic
SPANISH WAR VETERANS
ELECT NEW OFFICERS
He asserted that to support the trusts
meant to support the Republican policies,
including militarism. Imperialism, high
tariff, etc. He took up and discussed
briefly the general Issues of the cam
paign. The speech was liberally applaud
ed In many places, and there were fewer
shouts for opposing candidates than at
most meetings.
Mr. Bryan was followed by Attorney
General Smyth, who received respectful
attention. He was followed by James
Hamilton Lewis, former 'Congressman
from the Etate of Washington, who made
a general political speech.
Mr. Bryan returned to Lincoln to-night.
He will start at 7 o'clock to-morrow
morning on a general tour of the country,
not to return to Nebraska until a few
days before election.
factory brings no loss to the company,
but it does bring great loss to the* em
it an order comes from the head office
In New York to reduce the wages in all
the starch factories the men have nothing
to do but to submit. The game greed
which leads trusts to raise prices and ex
tort from consumers will allow It to lower
wages and to do injustice to the employes.
"The Attorney General is seeking to en
force a statute in Nebraska. The law Is
a rood law and ought to be enforced, ana
the people of Nebraska City ought to hold
a mass-meeting to commend him rather
than condemn him. The fusion forces be
lieve in enforcing both State laws and na
tional laws against the trusts. The Kan
eas City platform demands the annihila
tion of all private monopolies.
"If the United States Attorney General
of the Republican party had done his
duty he would have been enforcing this
law instead cf Mr. Smyth being down
here to-night doing what the Republican
National Attorney General should do.
This Republican administration has
brought just three suits during the laEt
three years, and yet more trusts have
been organized during the last three years
than during the history of the country. I
want you people to understand that if we
get hold of this Government the Federal
administration as well as the State ad
ministration will lay its hand upon the
starch trust."
ROME, Sept. 26.— The Pope at St. Peter's
to-day gave the benediction to 20,000 pil
grims. With the Invited guests, the total
number of persons present was 30,000. The
Pontiff was In excellent health.
Pope Blesses Pilgrims.
DENVER, Sept. 25.— Kemp G. Cooper
of this city, one of the besf. known news
paper men in the West, died to-day from
Bright's disease. He was for eighteen
years one of the owners of the Denver
Republican and u few weeks ago retired
from the presidency of the Denver Re
publican Publishing Company.
Kemp G. Cooper.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 26.— It Is under
stood that extensive changes on- the
cruiser Baltimore have been recommend
ed by the Board of Inspection and Sur
vey. The board recommends that the bat
tery be changed to two S-lnch and six 6
inch rapid-firing guns. Rear Admiral
Hichborn favors a uniform battery of
C-inch guns.
NEW YORK, Sept. 26.— General Stewart
L. Woodford, former Minister to Spain,
was married to Miss Isabell Hanson to
day. The wedding ceremony took place
In the chapel of the First Presbyterian
Church on Lower Fifth avenue, thin
city. The Rev. Howard Duffield officiated.
About sixty persons, only the nearest
relatives and a few close friends, witness
ed the ceremony and these were also
guests at the wedding breakfast.
The bride was the private secretary of
General Woodford at Madrid at the out
break of the Spanish-American war. She
Is about 30 years of age, and General
Woodford is 65. This is his second mar
riage, his first wife having died about two
years ago.
Changes on. the Baltimore.
Special rMspatch to The Call
Private Secretary.
Isabell Hanson, Who Was His
Former Minister to Spain Weds Miss
GENEBAI, WOOTJFORD
IS AGAIN A BENEDICT
The executive committee recommended
that $500 be appropriated by the associa
tion to help the employing printers of San
Francisco carry on their fight against the
union label.
»
The executive committee made the first
attack on the union label In Its report to
day. The report expressed enmity to the
union label system and recommended that
It bo fought through the courts.
The entire session of the convention was
occupied with reports of the credentials
and executive committees. The report of
the credentials committee showed that
there are 115 delegates and alternates at
the convention.
KANSAS CITY, Sept. 26.— The United
Typothetae of America held to-day's ses
tlon behind closed doors and all sessions
hereafter will be executive and only dele
gates or their proxies will be admitted.
Hundred Dollars to San Francisco
Employing Printers.
National Association Donates Five
TYP0THETAE TO FIGHT
THE TTNTON I/ABT.T,
suing year: President, John P. Scott,
Concord, N. H. ; vice presidents. Freder
ick Howard K. Wyns, Washington, D. C:
C F. Hoyt, Canyon City, Colo.; general
secretary. Rev. John R. Milllpan, Alle
ghenv, Pa.; financial secretary, Joseph P.
Byers, Columbus, Ohio; treasurer, Charles
M. Jessup, New York City; executive
committee— E. S. Wright. Allegheny, Pa.;
C. R. Brockway. Elmlra, N. Y. : Eugene
Smith. New York City; Albert Garvln,
"Weathersfield, N. T.
On cross-examination Radomsky became
confused and was ordered to return yes
terday morning for further examination.
Another order bearing date of September
1C was presented to the witness. This he
identified as one cashed by him. When
handed over for cross-examination Attor
ney Lennon, who represents the accused,
asked the witness which of the orders he
received first. He said he received that
of September 16 first and the one of later
date at about the time of its execution.
•1 received that of September 16 from
Peter McGlade and that of October 14
from Edward McGlade," said the witness.
"Are you sure you received the order of
October 1* from Edward McGlade and
not in the presence of this defendant?"
said Attorney Lennon.
The new sensation was injected Into the
trial Just before noon yesterday. On di
rect examination the day before Ra
domsky testified that he received an order
from McGlado dated October 14, 1S9S,
which he cashed with Belr & Regensber
ger, the brokers. The money, he said, he
gave to Edward McGlade, a brother of
the accused. lie did not know whether or
not this money was subsequently paid
over to the accused. This order on which
the money was paid by the brokers reads:
No. 8335. BAN FRANCISCO, Oct. 14. 189S.
j, Radomsky lias worked twenty days on
double team at $j per day. month of October,
1888. P. W. McGLADE.
Deputy Superintendent of Streets.
A CRY that the Jury had been tam
pered with was raised by the
prosecution during- the last trial
of Peter W. McGlade on a charge
of forgery. This cry resulted in
the verdict of "guilty as charged" be
ing set aside. Yesterday the prosecu
tion tossed a new sensation into the Mc-
Glade proceedings, in progress before
Judge Burnett of Sonoma County, sitting
for Judge Cook, by inferentlally charg
ing against the prisoner the further crimo
of suppression of witnesses and suborna
tion of perjury. In consequence the pros
ecution's main witness, J. R. Radomsky.
Is In Jail, a prisoner of the Sheriff. On
the one hand It is claimed that Radomsky
is in Jail with the sole object In view of
keeping him sober, that his attendance
lri court may be assured. On the other it
is claimed that he Is being held pending
proceedings against him on a charge of
perjury committed on the stand during
the McGlade trial. A third theory Is that
he will be kept behind bars "that he may
be kept out of reach of McGlatfe's
friends."
NEBRASKA CITY. Xeb.. Sept. 26.—
William J. BrysJi spoke here to a large
crowd to-nigrht. The speech had been
looked forward to with much Interest
because Mr. Bryan had announced that
h«» would deal with the trust Question as
effected by the suit Instituted by Attorney
General Smyth to annul the sale of the
Arpo Starch Works of this city to the
National Starch Company. popularly
fcnotvn as the "Starch Trust."
There wore not many unfriendly Inter
ruptions, but evidently some had been ex
pected, for previous to the meeting the
Mayor of the city l«sue<3 an order, saying
that th^re had bees rumors of trouble and
vurr.ing against it. The meeting was
held in the Courthouse grounds and the
peojMe stood under the trees and much of
the time in the rain. Mr. Bryan plunged
Into the local trust question at the very
beginning of his speech. He gave a his
tory of the Argo Manufacturing Com
pany, quoting copiously from the Ne
braska City Conservative, published by
ex-Secretary cf Agriculture J. Sterling
Morton. The company, according to the
Conservative of May 25. 1S99. competed
successfully in America and Europe with
the ftarch trust. "Nebraska City," said
the Conservative, "in its cereal mills and
Argo factory has two successful plants
which no tru=t has as yet been able to
buy. bully or wheedle."
About Septemer 1. 1S99, the Argo Com
rar.y joined the Unlte-J Starch Company.
a Now Jersey corporation formed for the
ostensible purpose of fighting the National
Starch Company. Finally in August or
September. IK"), the National Starch Com
pany absorbed the United Starch Com
pany. Mr. Bryan continued:
"First. v,e have an independent com
j-.any. growing and prospering upon Its
own merits; second, tills independent
company joins other companies to I'ght
the starch trust, and third, this independ
ent company, with its associates, Joins
the Ftarch trust and competition is at last
destroyed.
"It the people of Ne-braska City defend
the starch trust they must be prepared to
defend all the other trusts, for it Is impos
sible for them to destroy trusts located
elsewhere and defend a trust located In
their city. The people of Nebraska City
are more interested in the dissolution of
the starch tru«t than the people of other
parts of the State. When the Argo Com
pany was independent it wa.s controlled
f>y citizens of Nebraska <*ity and Ne
braska City Interests cot:ld be considered
by its management. But if the National
Starch CoattUWT, with headquarters in
New Vork. is allowed to absorb this In
dustry the. control will be removed from
Nebraska City to New- York and the
wishes and interests of ..he people of Ne
braska City will have little consideration.
"The people of your "own have already
seen a distillery closed down by the
•whisky trust. What is to prevent the
Argo Company from being closed down
by the starch trust? When all the fac
tories belong to one corporation the clos
iiip down cf one factory does not bring
lo^s to the corporation, because the work
CH.n be carried on somewhere else. The
Arpro Company, as an independent com
pany, could not afford to close down and
turn off its employes, but when the Argo
Comrar.y becomes a member of the Na
tional Starch I'ompany-the employes have
no way of protecting themselves, because
the work bera can be suspended while the
employes are starved into submission.
I'nder the trust system a strike in one
Commends the Action of Attorney-
General Smyth in Seeking to An
nul the Sale cf the Argo
Starch "Works.
MAY CLOSE THE MILL
Says They Are Help
less in Hands of the
Starch-Makers.
Bryan Addresses
an Audience in
Nebraska.
WHAT 0NE
TRUST MAY
ACCOMPLISH
SAY RADOMSKY LIED TO
SAVE PETER McGLADE
Witness Arrested by Order of Court and Prose
cution Charges That He Was "Fixed."
THE SAN FRAKCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 27, 1900.
Because of the financial condition of the Government there has been much
dissatisfaction, and one attempt has been made to kill Jlminez. The United
States Government last December caused an Investigation of his government to
be made. »
CAPE HATTIEN, Hayti. Sept. 26.— Reports have Just been received here from
Monte Chrlstl, Ban Domlngro, of a movement to overthrow the Government of
President Jlminez. An Insurrection has begun at Neoca and is led by Horacio
Vasquez, Vice President of the republic, and Governor Caceres, of the province
of Santiago.
Special Cable to The Call and New York Herald. Copyright. 1900, by the
Herald Publishing Company.
Insurrection Begins at Neoca, Led by Horacio
Vasquez and Governor Caceres.
MOVE TO OVERTHROW
JIMINEZ GOVERNMENT
8
ADVERTISEMENTS.
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
——OF THE
PENNSYLVANIA FIRE
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF PHILADELPHIA. IN THE STATE OF
Pennsylvania, on the 31st day of Decem-
ber, A. D. 1899, and for the year ending on
that day. as made to the Insurance Commis-
sioner of the State of California. Pursuant to
the Provisions of Section* 610 and «11 of the
Political Code, cond/fised as per blank fur-
nished by the Commissioner:
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up In
Caan MOO.000 00
ASSETS. ~
Real Estate owned by Company $222.C(!0 00
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages 719 300 00
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonis owned by Company 3,615,090 00
Amount of Loans secured by pledre
of Bonds, Stocks and other market-
able securities as collateral 10 900 00
Cash In Company's Office 4.463 23
Cash in Banks 159 193 04
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans J. 150 90
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages 8.212 E4
Premiums in due Course of Collec-
tion 272.830 60
Total Assets .$3,175,306 n
LIABILITIES. " "
Losses adjusted and unpaid $13,694 47
Losses In process of Adjustment or
in Suspense 1S4.964 85
Losses resisted. Including expenses.. 9.5€3 76
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or less. $1,520,209 48;
reinsurance 60 per cent 760,104 74
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year. I1.4SS,-
942 87: reinsurance pro rata 798.122 M
Amount reclalmable by the Insured
on perpetual flre Insurance policies 840,018 57
All other demands against tha Com-
pany 4.000 00
Total Liabilities .J2.53J.480 95
INCOME. '~~
Net cash actually received for Fire
premiums I1.C4S.S19 M
Received for Interest on Bonds and
Mortgages 40.20 47
Received for Interest and dividends
on Bonds. Stocks, Loans and from
all other sources 1S0.SS4 14
Received for Rents ; 8.170 86
Total Income fl.377.35S 13
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Fire Loesea.... $1,223,523 70
Dividends to Stockholders 100,000 00
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 366,4*3 63
Paid for Salaries. Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc 93.000 00
Paid for State. National and Local
Taxes 71.J24 «5
AH other payments and expenditures S5.S24 11
.Total Expenditures $1,942,141 11
Losses Incurred ' during the year, "
Fire «. $1,251,159 61
Rliks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during the
year $215,831,929 $2,1M,936 8fl
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
year 107.479.981 1.987.731 «
Net amount In force
December 31. 1899 334,6S5,614 J.0M.U2 35
R. DALE BENSON. President.
W. GARDNER CROWELL. Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me. this 17th
day of January. 1900. THOS. J. HUNT,
Commissioner for California at Philadelphia.
PACIFIC COAST DEP'T,
510 California St.
T. EDWARD POPE, Manager.
B. W. OSBORN, Assistant Manager.
OCEAN TEAVEIi.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
\ Steamers leave Broadway
•j. wharf, San Francisco:
ttjh^,^ For Alaskan Ports— 11 a.m..
W&^S&K September 23. 2S. Oct. %.
Kggjjtr^f)^. Char.Rf to company's steam-
|SV B*5VSra '" at Seattle.
fli^viff* J&& For Victoria. Vancouver
Sfog^^Sai (B. C). Port Townsend. Se-
/^^^g«g«< attle. Tacoma. Everett. Ana-
cortes and New Whateom
(Wash.), 11 a. m.. September
23, 28, Oct. t and every fifth day thereafter.
Change at Seattle to this company's steamers
for Alaska and O. N. R'y: at Seattle or Tacoma
to N P. R'y; at Vancouver to C. P. R'y.
For Eureka. Humboldt Bay— 2 p. m.. Septem-
ber 20. 25, 30. Oct. 5. and every fifth day there-
For Eanta Cru*. Monterey, Ban Simeon. Cayu-
cos Port Harford (San Lut* Obispo). Gaviota.
Santa Barbara, Ventura. Hueneme. San Pedro.
East San Pedro (Los Anceles* and Newport— 9
am.. September 20. 24. 23. Oct. 1. and every
fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, etopplnr only «t Port Har-
ford (San Luis Obispo). Santa Barbara, Port
Los Angeles and Redondo (Los Aniceles)— 11 a.
m.. September 22. 26. 30. Oct. 4 and every fourth
'For Ensenada, Ma&dalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo Mazatlan. Aitata. La Pas. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mexico) — 10 a. m., 7th of each
For further Information obtain company's
The company reserves the rlirht to chance
steamers, saillns dates and hours of sailing
without previous notice.
TICKET OFFICE — I New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Ajrents..
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
THE 0. R, & N. HO,
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
From Srear-street Wharf at 11 A. M.
CADC $12 First Class Including Berth
rWrir. $3 Second Class and Meals.
STATE OF CALIFORNIA sails.... Bert. 20. 30
COLUMBIA sails Sent. 25, Oct. 5
Short line to Walla Walla, Spokane. Butte.
Helena and all points in the Northwest.
Throueh tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD. General A sent.
CO Market st.
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO..
Superintendents.
TOYO KISENKAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan street*, at 1 p. m
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calllnjr at
Kobe (Hioso). Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for In-
dia, etc. No carso received on board on day
of Faillnc.
SS. AMERICA MARU
Wednesday. October 17. 1900
SS.. HONGKONG MARU
.-..Tuesday, November 13 "*19CO
SS. NIPPON MARU ..' 19C0
Thursday. December 6,"l3O0
Via Honolulu.
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply nt company's office
421 Market street, corner of First.
W. H. AVERT. Geacral A*ent
STATEMENT
—OF THE—
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
—OF THE—
UINIOIN
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF PHILADELPHIA, IS THE STATE OF
Pennsylvania, on th» ttst day of Decem-
ber. A. D. 1S93, and for th» year ending; ca
that day. as made to the Insurance Commis-
sioner of the Etate of California. Pursuant to
the Provisions of Sections (19 and (11 of th*
I Political Code, condensed as per blank fur-
nished by the Commissioner:
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up In
Casn £90.000 00
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company ..$180,000 00
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages 9.WO 00
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company C1.141 75
Cash in Company's Office 1.435 13
Cash In Banks Z3.S13 H
Interest due and accrued on all Stocks
and Loans Ill S3
Interest due and accrued on Bonds and
Mortgages 150 00
Premiums In due Course of Collection. 62.273 70
Bills receivable, not Matured, taken
for Flr« and Marine Risks 1.120 51
Due from Managers at San Francisco. 10,513 87
Due from perpetual Insurance on
bulldlns TO SO
Total Assets S3S1.334 13
LIABILITIES. "
Losses adjusted and unpaid $10,831 S3
Losses In process of Adjustment or In
Suspense 28.471 U
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or less. $183,749 82; re-
insurance 60 per cent 94,174 91
Gross premiums on Fire Risks running
more than one year, (197.596 18; re-
Insurance pro rata XGS.Q24 tt
Amount reclalmable by tbe Insured on
perpetual fire Insurance policies 83,593 54
All other demands against th* Com-
pany X2.691 15
Total Liabilities .$279,813 a
INCOME. — —
Net cash actually received for BTr«
premiums » CSS.C78 O
Received for Interest on Bonds and
Mortgages ESS SO
Received for Interest and dividends on
Bonds. Stocks, Loans and from all
other sources I7.2SS 75
Received for Rents ~ S.9O7 54
Total Income — $230, 4<4 (1
EJLP.ENTU'l'U KE3.
Net aznotint paid for Fire Losses (In-
cluding J34.SC7 44, losses of previous
years) $190,585 40
Dividends to Stockholders 12. CC9 00
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 82:046 $4
Paid for Salaries. Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc 23.421 85
Paid for State. National and Local
Taxea »,B15 58
All other payments and expenditures.. 24,930 39
Total Expenditures ..........*3SS.6S3 57
Loeses Incurred dnrlngr the year, fir*.. $153,913 51
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during the
year $30,590,553 $313,338 73
Net amount of Risks
expired during; the
year 29.331.825 894.233 59
Net amount In force
December 81. 1S99 V. 759, 096 1 388.348 10
C. S. HOLLIN'SHEAD. President.
E. R. DAKXELS, Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me. this 2Ctn
day of January, 1900.
MAXLON' D. YOUNG. Notary Public.
PACIFIC COAST- DEP'T,
510 California St.
T. EDWAIU> POPE, Manager.
R. W. OSBORN, Assistant Manager.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
STEAMER
" StPaul "
St. Michael
Ain> —
Nome.
Saturday, September 29*
APPLY TO
ALASKA COMMERCIAL CO.,
' HO 6ANSOME ST.
KIMBALL S. S. CO.'S
FOR NOME. ALASKA,
VIA SEATTLE.
Stmr. John S. Kimball
Sails Prom Mission Jfo. 1 Wharf
FRIDAY September 23. 10 p. m.
For freight and passage. K. S. B. CO. CO
Market st. •
AMERICAN LINB.
WWW T0B1L 80DT3iH?T0!r. LONDON. ?im,
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York Every Wednesday 10 a. ™
Bt. Lou'» -Oct. S St. Louis .'.....Oct. H
New York Oct. 10 New Tork .....Oct. 21
st. pam Oct. ii st loujs..::::.n o v Ii
RED STAR LINE.
New York and Antwerp.
From New York Every Wednesday. 13 noon.
Friesland Oct. 3 Kensington . Oct. Ji
Southwark Oct. 10 Noordland 'rw* ji
Westernland ....Oct. 17 Southwark ... NcTt {i
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO. "
30 Montgomery Street. *
C0MPAGSIE GENZBALS TRANSATLAHTIQirE-
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS.
Satllr.s every Thursday. Instead of
Saturday, from November 2. 1S93 at^54r»f_j2
10 a. m.. from Pier 42. North River, foot of
Morton street. LA CHAMPAGNE. Sept. rt-
UK TOURAINE. Oct. 4: LAQUITAINE OcL'
11; La LORRAINE. Oct. IS. First-class tn
Havre. J35 and upward. Second class to Hav^T
Jtt SO and upward. GENERAL AGENCY FOR
UNITED STATES and CANADA. 32 BroadwVr
(Hudson bu)ldlns>. New York. J F FUOA7T
* CO.. Pacific Coast A E ents. $ Montgomery
avenue. San Francisco. ? * ty
OCEANIC S.S. CO.— HONCVLITT TT apta
AUCKLAND AND SYDNKY. U
S. S. MOAN A (via Honolulu) to New Zea-
land and Australia. Wed.. Oct. 3. »T" ™
S. 3. AUSTRALIA (Honolulu only) * ™"
Wednesday. Oct. lij'i°£ m.
P.emedles mailed to any address postpaid on receipt of price. Personal left»« ?« «.'
DeFord receive his confidential attention. . ;,-- .,.-.>¦ V - . f ersonal letters to Dr.
Mrs. Elenora Simmons, the well-known
authoress, writes: "I suffered with a broken
down nervous system, catarrh and Impure
blood with eczema. Thanks to the skill of Dr.
DoFord and his wonderful remedies, I am now
entirely well and feel almost young again."
With Dr. DeFord's Remedies every one can
bo- his own doctor — no gruesslng, no delay, nc
experiment, no poisonous, nauseous doees. The
relief Is instant, the cure certain, quick and
permanent.
Dr. DeFord's Remedies are not weakening.
Injurious and uncertain In effect. No cures for
Incurable diseases. Each one Is a specific, pre-
pared for one disease, and not cure-alls. They
are remedies tried and proven by thousands of
cases cured, and are guaranteed cures In every
case indicated. Each cure Is plainly labeled,
with all directions clear and simple.
DR. DeFORD'S HEART CUREJ-every dose
gives strength to the nervous, weak and crln-
pled heart. Price 25 cents.
DR. DeFORD'S CONSTIPATION CURE—
makes permanent cures; not a laxative that
moves the bowels to-day to leave you wore*
to-morrow. Price 25 cents.
DR. DeFORD'S BLADDER CURE— stop* at
onee the misery, pain, burning- and frequent
urination that other remedies cannot even re-
lieve. Price 25 cents.
DR. DeFORD'S REGENERATOR-makw
weak men strong; builds up and restores the
weak and degenerated spinal nerves. Price 50
cents.
And bo on through the list of Dr. DeFord's
45 different specific and Infallible cures, pre-
pared to cure 45 different dl.oeases. They are
not cure-alls, but a separate cure for each dis-
ease, and all flrst-clncs druggists sell them at
25 cents a vial mostly.
45 Different Remedies for 45 Different Diseases
Dr. DeFord's Remedies are for sale at the following well-known an* »iin)ii.iiri. l ><ri.t.>
Grant Drug Co., Third ond Stevenson; Bayley's Central P^rm^Tcy '27 Gmm^l.ft
ter; Geo. -A. Root, SE. cor. 6th and Howard • J. S. Potts Dni* Co Toi« MarkS «»~ w £"
Friedhofer. SE. cor. 16th and Howard: Withers Dru ff Co co™ aid iVth : W- F '
OAKLAND-OfBood Bros.. 7th and Broadwav Valencia and 19th.
AL.AMEDA— RUey's Drug Store, 1437 Park "st.
. MOST ALL OTHER DRUGGISTS
t^.,S A H TI0 , X T £ THE PUDLIO-Due to the larpe sale and' Increasing demand for Dr
DeFord's Remedies unscrupulous dealers are offering what they call 'Must m rood •• Be
sure to .ret DeFord's and refuse all others. J "* sooa. B«
NO MATTER WHAT TOUR "DISEASE MAT BE-
NO MATTER HOW MANY DOCTORS HAVE TREATED YOU—
NO MATTER HOW MUCH MEDICINE YOU HAVE TAKEN-
NO MATTER HOW HOPELESS YOUR CONDITION MAY SEEM-
VVR1TETO. .. . DRm PAUL DeFORD, m | nen t
FOR FREE MEDICAL ADVICE, European G -^u a te.
No> 175 North Spring Street! Los Angeles, Cal.
BRXS.'
Dr. DeFord's Famons Remedies
They Act at Once.
DR. DeFORD'S RHEUMATISM CURE— will
relieve In a few hours and cure In a few days
Price 25 cents.
DR. DeFORD'S COUGH CURE— Is guaran-
teed to cure after all other remedies have
failed. Price 25 cents.
DR. DeFORD'S NERVE CURE— builds up
the.nerv^ cells of every part of the body and
cures forever nervous debility and sleepless-
ness. Price 23 cents.
DIt. DeFORD'S KIDNET CTTRE— Will re-
store these organs to healthy action In 95 out
of every 100 cases. Price 25 cent*. He will for-
feit $500 for every case of Eczema his BLOOD
AND SKIN CURE and SKIN OINTMENT
x&iIb to cure, no matter how lonp Bt and Ing"; no
matter how horrible the Jtchirg.
DR. DeFORD'S DYSPEPSIA CURE— Is ac-
knowledged by all to be the only real cure for
all stomach disorders. Price 25 cents
DR. DeFORD'S CATARRH CURE— seldom
falls to cure even tha oldest and worst forms
of this disease in any part of the body. Price
25 cents.
DR. DeFORD'S GENERAL, DEBILITY
CIjRE— will restore the appetite, enrich the
blood and make you strong and well. Price
23 cents.
CONV
Strong Words of Praise From a
Grateful Patient.
Dr. DeFord's Intermediate Homeopathic Remedies stand for the
people against the candy sugar pill fallacy and the strong drug and nos-
trum treatment. ,
TABLETS, STRONG DRUGS
AND NOSTRUMS— Dangerous
mixtures of mercury, calomel,
quinine and acids and other
Injurious drugs, prepared by
those Ignorant of the science
of medicine. Cure-alls that
produce & half-dozen diseases
In the effort to cur« one.
Nauseous, poisonous, health
and life destroying — act on all
the tissues of the body, healthy
and diseased alike. No more
eulted for the human system
than an ox yoke for a pony.
Far behind modern methods of
medicine and rapidly being
discarded and relegated to tha
past by Intelligent physicians
and people everywhere.
ALL OTHER HOMEO-
PATHIC REMEDIES— White
sugar pills, tasteless and odor-
less. No physical, physiolog-
ical or chemical evidence of
medicine, defying all means
known to science to discover
the presence of' anything ex-
cept sugar. Made to sell, not
to cure. A baby can eat a
bottle of them— they do no
harm, they do no good. Let
your disease run on— a waste
of time so precious to the sick.
Of 40 of these "so-called" rem-
ftales no one can be distin-
guished from the other, except
by the labels on the bottles.
They are a fraud and a fal-
lacy pure and simple.
DR. DeFORD'S INTER-
MEDIATE HOMEOPATHIC
REMEDIES— Each remedy has
Its distinguishing Individual-
ity, as to taste, color, odor
'and medicinal effect. Scien-
tific Investigation has proven
them each to be responsive to
physiological' and chemical
testa and highly medicinal In
action. They act only on dis-
eased, structures and not on
the healthy tissues, therefore
are cafe, reliable and suitable
for young or old. Easy to
take, no guessing, no delay,
no experiment, no faith, no
poisonous, nauseous doses. The
relief Is Instant, the cure cer-
tain, quick and permanent.
Each one Is a specific pre-
pared (or one disease and not
"cure alia." The only TRUE
Homeopathlo Remedies, the
only rational remedies known
to mankind.
PLAIN FACTS THAT APPEAL TO ALL.
SANDS WHO HAVE USED THEM. INDORSED BY THE LEADING NEWSPAPERS
INDORSED BT GREAT SCIENTISTS, INDORSED BT EMINENT CITIZENS AND ARE
DAILY BEING ADOPTED BT PHYSICIANS OVER THE OLD METHODS OF TREAT-
ING DISEASE.
Dr. DeFord says: "I will devote my life to the education of the people
against sugar pill medicine, harmless yet fatally incompetent, and waste-
ful of time so precious to the sick, and also against the use of tablets,
strong drugs and nostrums, that create a half-dozen diseases in the effort
to cure one."
DR. DeFORD'S DISCOVERT OF HIS INTERMEDIATE HOMEOPATHIC SYSTEM
OF MEDICINE STANDS BETWEEN THE SUGAR PILL FALLACY AND THE STRONG
DRUG AND NOSTRUM TREATMENT. HIS REMEDIES ARE INDORSED BY THOU-
DOCTOR
7jSg6^«CUEls 1&H (Jle»t. Spermatorrhoea,
Whltei, unnatural lie.
fWf&f Ocaiantwd M charges, or any Infls-im*
IrattH not to ouietare. tion. 1 irritation or ulcor»
g^gPwTtnu ooouglon. tion «-< raucous me»
wS^rHEEvmCHEMlCHOo. brane*.. Non-astringent.
fcS^CINaNKAn.O.gS&H Sold bj lirtsggiit*,
TCAfe23v V. *3. a >*2Kg or sent ' n Pl»'n wrapper,
& Ja z\ r n B \xZiss$.7&
Rainier b«er bottled here; awarded medal
Paris Exposition tor purity and Quality.*
It hi <ies!red to correct an erroneous impres-
sion that Trinity School has been discontlnusd.
It will open as usual MONDAY. Ausrust C
Cml/- boys ot rood moral character are taken.
O. & MEAD. SCI Ce&tnl are.
TRINITY SCHOOL.t^A
MQN., Tues.. WTei., Thurs. and Sat. at 945
a. m.. 3:15. 8:30 p. rn. (ex. Thurs. night); Fri-
days, 1 p. m. and 8;30; Sundays, 10:30 a. m. S
p. m. Landing and office. Mission-street Dock.
Pier No. 2. Telephone Main IMS.
FARE ».„,. WO
Steamer "Montlcello."
FOB U. S. NAVY YARD AND YAILEJ1
BAY AND RIVER STEAMERS.
EuiuaM tiootaa. UrsinuUuu. Military Ur.U,
Kt c.
CHRISTMAS TERM KKGTNS AUQTJST 14TH.
REV. C. HITCHCOCK. Principal.
FOR YOUNG HEN AND BOYS.
Hitchcock School,
SAN RAFAEL. CAL..
Connected by a covered passageway and
operated under one management on the
American and Curopeaa plan.
Th* h*rt evidence of the popularity of
thvr* hotels e*.n be fcrunfl in the continued
Xiatronape of thoE? who on some previous
occasion have, made them their head-
quarters when visiting: San Franelnco
PALACE AND
GRAND HOTELS
It makes light fluffy biscuits and
feathery pie crusts. Mrs. Rorer,
Marion Harland and scores of
other famous cooks won't use
lard as a shortening agent.
fg^lUjIsS The N.K.Farrbank Company,
J rj^^ftl J ctic ** !> ~ So!e l!*auf aeturera,
>«^B^^SfFREE! <>:r d»l«rty booklet,
}2?*1<I>JVW3 *- **«-*. i- A Public 6ecret. S
I**f? :^*ja«n »"»"'-<J fnr to.nr address. Kor
I *Vfft?£jSW » »"<¦ 't fUmp w» nill wad free our
&*¦<&&**' »•• s '' :> l>a| » e >*^t|* book. "Home
s w_*» fc tlii^> p He'.p». #r e<litedtr Mm. Korer.
WHITE COTTOLEXE!
Ill- RE'S GOOD NEWS for
those women who haven't been
having good luck with their Pies
and "quick'' Biscuits. Use
ADVERTISE2H1NTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
St.-. Louis, U. S. A.
Brewers of the Original Budweiser, Faust, Michelob, Anheuser-Standard,
Pale-Lager, Expon Pale, Black and Tan, Exquisite and Malt-Nutrine.
m||||^ is a liquid food
at tones the sys-
r^J^^^^^\ tern. Its use brings
appetite, health,
and vigor. Aids the nursing
mother and the baby, the aged, the
ill, the convalescent. Physicians
know and recommend it. All
Druggists sell it. Prepared by
Anheuser-Busch Brewing AssnAnnual Report of President Hill of
the Great Northern
Railway.
NEW YORK, Sept. 26.— In his annual
report President Hill of the Great North
ern says that the growing Oriental trade
has already reached the point .where traf
fic is practically limited to the ships
which can be secured to carry the com
modities seeking an outlet to China and
Japan. Referring to the crop situation,
he says that in Minnesota and the Da
kotas not more than half a crop will be
marketed. This will reduce the earnings
of course, but Increases from other traffic
will eo far offset this reduction that the
company's income will not suffer m«te
' Revenue freight tonnage hauled during
the year increased 15& per cent. The
number of bushels of wheat hauled east
bound decreased 1,022,643 bushels, or 80,980
tons. , ,
Earnings for the passengers Increased
22 per cent and. passenger mile revenue
7 2-3 per cent. This Increase is almost en
tirely due to higher rates on first and sec
ond class business to the Pacific Coast,
principally second class.' Upon a con
servative basis there were 35.000 persons
settled along the company's lines during
the year. . ' ¦¦- ? yV^
Colonel Pavon Killed.
SANTIAGO DE CUBA, Sept. 26.— Late
last night Colonel Pavon of the Cuban
army was killed in the Cafe Comercio by
Octavio Mena, formerly a clerk in the
oflice of the captain of the port. Mena
and one of his companions were intoxi
cated and had been breaking furniture.
Colonel Pavon Intervened and a quarrel
ensued. Mena,. snatching the revolver of
one of his party, shot Pavon In the back
of the neck. The officer turned to face
his assailants and received two bullets In
the head, being Instantly killed. Pavon
was a tobacco merchant at Holguln.
Fren'ch. Bark Wrecked.
CORONEL, Chile, Sept. 26.— The French
bark General de Charette, Captain Lem
erle, which sailed from Swansea on June
24 for San Francisco, struck on a rock
In the Straits of Lemace. at the southern
extremity of South America, between
Tierra del Fuego and Staten Island, on
September 3 and foundered. Her . crew,
with the exception of two members,-land
ed safely at Sand Point.
i *
torted or crinkled like cabbages and as
big as the sails of a windmill." Yet peo
ple of high degree persisted In wearing
them the Londoners contemptuously
terming the collar "the French ruff
while the Parisians invariably allilled to
It as "the English monster." Catherine
de Medici, who Introduced . the fashion,
imported from Italy a court ruff maker, to
whom she accorded the sole right of mak
ing these trappings. Her son Henry III,
having been trained from childhood with
a lively taste tor Italian affectations, be
came so punctilious about his ruffs that,
rather than see them limp and Irregular,
he Would launder and goffer both cuffs
and collars himself.
Men even more .than women adopted tne
wearing of luce, and thus contributed
largely to the making of designs of a dis
tinctly artistic character. Eventually lace
figured so largely in the enrichment of
court attire that not only great, flat col
lars, turned-back cuffs, doublets, gloves
and breeches were overloaded with cloudy
fabrics but even boots were so adorned.
What wonder that when Henry IV con
templated starting a silkworm nursery
his Minister, Sully, with Huguenot aus^
terity, exclaimed, "You want Iron and
soldiers, not laces and silks to trick out
fops!" The exaggerated use of laces
spread from articles of clothing .to fur
nishings beds, canopies, curtains, even
the windows of traveling coaches were so
enveloped with these priceless, filmy fab
rics that Henry IV passed sumptuary
edicts endeavoring to restrict the absurd
outlay upon "glltterlngs and gildings.
Nobles nevertheless continued to bring
themselves to bankruptcy in their efforts
to secure the greatest number of lace nov
elties, one courtier possessing nearly 400
lace-trimmed collars and cuffs. Louis
XIII therefore, etrove still more forcibly
to lessen extravagance by promulgating
a severe edict known as the "regulation
as to superfluity In costume."
Louis XIV. on the contrary, did all that
he could to develop the lace industry In
France. He sent lacemakers' daughters
to the Venetian convents for Instruction.
$>nd it was not long before the excellent
results were shown in the justly celebrat
ed "points de France," which, touched the
highest point possible to needlepoint laces.
The wild caprices,, in lacemaking which
distinguished succeeding reigns never sur
passed the truly artistic work achieved
: without regard to cost or trouble under
the protection of the gTand monarquo.
Thus, from a stiff, wiry-looking trim
ming lace, passing from stage to stage,
became more dainty and filmy In appear
ance, geometrically planned patterns giv
ing away to flower and stroll designs,
which in turn were superseded by grace
ful fantastic effects bordering upon real
istic representation. Machine-made lace
was brought to an advanced stage of per
fection during the latter part of th«
eighteenth century, menacing pillow-made
lace more than needlepoint, which gained
the public favor and reached its artistic
climax in the early seventeenth century.
100 years before the bobbin lace enjoyed
the same degree of favor. Belgium,
through' Its trade with England, has in
fused this method with certain technical
characteristics never yet surpassed.
"While It would be quite Impossible to
study the many kinds of lace now 1 on the
market, there are certain wejl known
hand-made laces which will always be In
demand and which every Intelligent
woman should, therefore, recognize at
When Louis XIV Introduced the art of
Venetian" needlepoint Into the various In
significant lace centers of . France the
most brilliant results came from the
Alencon royal center, whose pacemakers
showed exceptional talent In adapting
themselves to the subtle developments In
troduced by the King's artists*. That
Alencon still holds herself worthy of her
illustrious past may. be inferred by com
paring illustrations ot the point d'Alencon
of the eighteenth ' and nineteenth cen
turies. .-
The beautiful Venetian laces copied by
POTNT D'AKOENTAN. BLACK SILK
(Modern manufacture.) GUIPURE.
Bishop McPaul's Idea to Be
Carried Out by Clubs
and Societies.
NEW YORK. Sept. 26.— The Catholic
Young Men's National Union in' conven
tion to-day decided to form a federation
for the purpose of Influencing legislation
and furthering the claims of people who
embrace the Catholic faith.
Bishop McFaul's idea of a federation
of every Catholic club and society in the
United States, to be formed by tho ap
pointment of delegates to attend a mon
ster -mass-meeting of delegates from
every prominent club and society through
out the country to be held In New York
CiVy on Thanksgiving day, November 29,
was unanimously adopted by the conven
tion.' Committees were appointed to carry
the plan into effect.
Among the largest Catholic organiza
tions In the United States which are to
be embraced In the proposed federation of
Catholic clubs are the Knights of Colum
bus Knights of St. John, the Catholic
Benevolent Legion, the Ancient Order of
Hibernians the Irish Catholic Benevolent
Union, the Irish-German societies of
America, the Catholic Total Abstinence
Union of America ami the Catholic
Knights of America. Besides these or
ganizations there are scores of others of
less prominence.
FEDERATION OF
THE CATHOLICS
WASHINGTON'. Sept. 26.-The secretary
of the Chilean legation said to-day that
the reports of war between Chile and her
neighbors were groundless. The cause ol
the possible conflict is alleged to be the
unwillingness of Chile to conform to cer
tain treaty relations, it being contended
that Chile will not abide by the award
of the British Government in the boun
dary question wlth*the Argentine Repub
lic and that it refuses to submit the ques
tion of the definitive sovereignty over the
provinces of Tacna and Arlca to the de
cision of a popular plebiscite to be held
in those provinces according to a treaty
between Chile and Peru. In response to
these statements it Is now set forth by the
Chilean authorities that Chile is not try-
Ing to restrict the limits of the British
award and that she certainly will abide by
It. 'Chile does not refuse to submit the
question of sovereignty to a popular ple
biscite. And In general It Is stated that
"the diplomatic relations between Chile
and Argentina, Peruvian and Bolivian
governments are at present peaceful and
friendly."
As convincing proof of this the recent
report of the Chilean Minister of Foreign
Affairs is referred to. This contains the
statement that "our boundary question
with the Argentine Republic is now set
tled In a friendly manner and the rela
tions between both countries have been
cordial and sincere." The boundary ar
bitration Is still in progress and its de
termination will dispose of the only ques
tion pending between Chile and Argentina.
The Minister for Foreicn Affairs also
cites an agreement with Bolivia calculat
ed to prevent all disagreeable questions
and boundary Incidents which from time
to time have arisen.. In the discussion
with Peru both have shown a desire to
reach an early settlement and the steps
taken toward a satisfactory adjustment
are set forth. • . »
At Present There Seems No
Danger of Conflict Over
Boundary Question.
CHILE WILL NOT
FIGHT NEIGHB0RS
Fire Department Changes.
OAKLAND. Sept.' 26.— The Fire Commis
sioners to-day removed' Louis • Castera,
eteward of truck company No. 2, and ap
pointed James Dizon to nil the vacancy.
The annual meetlnp of the Lowell* Hi^h
School Alumni Association will be held
In the auditorium of the Girls' High
School next Saturday evening:. September
29: at 8 o'clock. Election of officers and
other business will come before the mem
bers.
Ixvwell High. School Alumni.
Angus Mclsaac Dying-.
OAKLAND. Sept. 26.— Anpus Mclsaae,
who for over a quarter of a century has
been sexton of St. Mary's Cemetery In
this city. Is lying: at the point of death at
his residence in the cemetery grounds. He
may die at any moment. Mr. Mclsaac is
77 years of ace. He has lived In Alameda
County for forty years.
Company H to Entertain.
The members of Company H of the
League of the Cross will dve an enter
tainment and dance in Union Square Hall
to-night. The young men have Incurred
considerable expense In equipping their
new armory after having been obliged to
vacate the old to make room for a new
building that Is being erected upon the
site. The funds realized at this evening's
entertainment will be used to meet these
obligations. Miss Mary Maloney and
Professor Caldwell and, others will furnish
trw3 evening's amusement. A good orches
tra will be In attendance.
Sues for Dead Man's Money.
OAKLAND. Sept. 26.— J. S. Derby, ad
ministrator of the estate of the late Frank
T> Cunnlff, has filed suit against Thomas
J Cunnlff. brother of the deceased, for
$t50, which he alleges Frank gave .to
Thomas to keen for him. Frank Cunnlff
committed suicide In the Agnews State
Hospital and now Administrator Derby
pays that Thomas refuses to repay the
money.
Too Much. Cinders and Smoke.
ALAMEDA, Sept. 26.— People living in
the vicinity of the power house of the
electric road on Webster street have
signed a petition for presentation to Gen
eral Manager Kelly, protesting against
being burled in cinders and soot from the
smokestacks. During the recent hot spell
and north wind debris flew In all direc
tions and the residents had a hard time
trving to keep clean.' There was also
danger of fires from the red-hot cinders.
The Transit Company is asked_to have
spark arresters put on the chimneys.
PIPER'S PROPERTY IS
DISTRIBUTED TO HEIRS
An Estate Valued at About a Million
and a Half Passes Into Their
Hands.
An order distributing: tho estate of the
late William A. Piper to his heirs at law
and devisees was made by Judge Troutt
yesterday. The properties distributed are
valued at $1,497,578 03.
Ellen Dole, Anna L. Sheets, Le Roy. Pi
per and John W. Piper each received
fifteen four hundred and twentieths of the
estate.
Alice M. Piper, William S. Piper, New
ton O. Piper. Theodore E. Piper, Edward
M. and John D. Piper were awarded twen
ty four hundred and twentieths.
The following- heirs received twenty-four
four hundred and twentieths: Allen H.
Piper. John B. Piper. Howard W. Piper,
Harriet A. Stoltz, Mary E. Stoltz.
The following received twelve four hun
dred and twentieths: Marian X. Piper,
Henry I.,. Piper, John O. Piper. Jacob O.
Piper. Newton C. Piper, Emma Rlchey,
Annie Buzzard. Nettie Fyffe, L. R. Piner
and Lizzie Elklns.
After the decree of distribution was
pranted a suit In partition was filed. This
suit is Instituted for the purpose or se
curing a decree authorizing the sale of
the realty that the proceeds might be di
vided among the devisees and to quiet
title to the sam«» as against* Frederick
William Baldwin Piper, decedent'H natural
pon, and other claimants who might ap
pear and file suit for a division of the
estate.
GUAEDIAN WANTED
FOR ARNOLD'S CHILD
Kings County Authorities Write to
Court Commissioner Babcock
for Information.
OAKLAND, Sept. 26.— Court Commis
sioner Babcock has received a letter from
Tax Collector Peter Van Valer of Kings
County asking for Information concern-
Ing Dr. T. Arnold, a former practicing
physician of this city, who is now an in
mate of the County Infirmary. Dr. Ar
nold is a victim of the morphine habit
and during the last six months has made
several attempts to end his life.
The letter from Van Valer states that
Arnold's wife, Mrs. Carrie Arnold. Is at
present a resident of Hanford with her
7-year-old daughter. Mrs. Arnold Is said
to be seeking to procure a divorce from
her husband and to get -control of several
thousand dollars' worth of property be
longing to him. It Is also alleged that she
Is not a proper person to have control of
the child and Commissioner Babcock is
requested to make proper provisions for
the appointment of a guardian.
TYNI>ALX BOOKED ON
CHARGE OF FORGERY
Correspondence Found in Sis Boom
Shows Operations in Other Parts
of the State.
Detectives Dinan and Wren succeeded
yesterday in locatins the room that was
occupied by William Tyndall, the man
who represented himself as M. Stone,
t r< ?:d. r.t of the San Pedro and I. X. L..
lJa!ry Company and advertised for a col
ector. It was in the Capitol House on
Sacramento street He registered there
*bout two weeks ago as A. C. Adams.
\Vbea he went there he had the appear
*n<e of a tramp.
The detectives discovered a voluminous
correspondence showing that the man had
icr«i operating all over the United States.
The majority of his correspondents seem
« d to have been women, particularly
widows. Besides the letters the detectives
round in his valise a bottle of hair dye
and three small potties of different
poinonm. What h<* wanted with the poison
[• a myiterjr. They also found a bag of
the United States Mint. He had also a
large number of cards and letter heads on
the dairy company.
As none of the men whom Tyndall Is
Fupposed to have duped have come for
ward, a charge has been booked against
him for forging M. Stor.«-"p name to letters
t^ent to them.
LEADS.
JOHN WIEIiAND BREWERY
The John WIeland Brewery of San
Francisco, brewers of the well known
Wieland's Extra Pale Lager, have just
received advice under date of August 28th,
1900. from Mr. Varney W. Gaskill. secretary
of the California Paris Exposition Commis
sion of 1903. that the International Jury of
Awards have awarded them a certificate
and medal for the exhibit they made at
the Paris Exposition of their "Wieland's
Extra Pale Lager."
This announcement Is one that not alone
the Brewery, but the State of California
as well, may be justly proud of, for It
elves to a very popular California In
dustry an international reputation. The
John WIeland Brewery is known as the
largest brewery west of the Rocky Moun
tains.
The award was based on purity and
flavor, and when it is considered that this
enterprising company was entered in this
Exposition against competitors from the
entire world— Europe as well as America—
their success 's gratifying in the extreme.
GREAT SUCCESS FOR THE
i STATE OF CALIFORNIA!!
NOTES OF TH£ PLAYS
AT VARIOUS THEATERS
"The Magistrate" Still Drawing: "Well.
"Hugfuenots" at the Tivoli
Next Week.
The revival of Pinero's popular comedy.
"The Magistrate," at the Columbia Thea
ter If proving the most successful play of
the Clay Clement engagement. The house
is filled nightly with a crowd heartily
appreciative of its amusing situations and
bright dialogue. Next week, beginning
Sunday evening, Eddie Foy will appear In
a late comedy success, "A Night in
Town."
The Tivoli Opera-house Is doing good
business with the revival of "Tannhauser"
and "The Barber of Seville" this week.
The Fingers are all In fine condition.
"Tannhauser" is better sung than ever
before and the merry "Barber" is given
in excellent style.
The welcome announcement Is made
that Barron Berthald will remain at the
Tivoll until the season's end, by special
arrangement with Impresarios Grau and
Savage. Next wee-k the rarely heard
"Hue-uenots" will be sung and one per
formance each of "Mignon," "Faust" and
"Carmen."
Dainty Juliet Crosby and the plctur
«*?que play ."His Japanese Wife," are
crowding the Alcazar this week in most
satisfactory fashion. Next week, an up
to-date war drama of intense interest,
"We-uns of Tennessee," will be put on.
The Alhambra Theater announces ; a
farce comedy success direct from a run
fit the Herald Square Theater. New York,
to follow "Kelly's Kids." beginning Sun
day afternoon next. Walter Walker, a
new comedian from the Bast, will make
his fir^t appearance here In the title role.
He has been starring for the past three
peasons in "The Bachelor's Honeymoon"
and "The Nominee."
Only four more appearances of Jessie
Bartfctt Davis at the Orpheum remain,
and there are many other attractions on
the week's bill, including Wayne and
Caldwell, the Musical Johnstones, Kolb
and Dill, Mr. and Mrs. Jackson and
others.
At Fischer's Concert-house the attrac
tive bill includes Hanlon and Singer, the
De Goseo Brothers, Thomas K. Shepard,
Antonio Vargas. Mae Tunison. Pearl
¦\Vickinan. and new moving pictures.
» • • *
It Is amateur night at the Chutes and
Zoo to-night and an excellent entertain
ment Is promised. A ladies' obstacle race
is also on the bill and L»a Llsta, Baby-
Ruth and other hold-overs are still amus
ing the crowds.
The twelfth series of Conradi's Living
Statuary and the "Sportsman's Ballet"
are the week's menu at the Olympla.
KEV. FATHER M. OTIS
GOING TO WASHINGTON
Assistant Pastor -of St- Kary's Church
Will Go East for His
Health.
Hrv. Father M. Otis, assistant pastor of
Ft. Mary's Church, on Dupont street. Is
to give- up his work here and go to Wash
ington. D- C Father Otis has not been
a good health for some time, and it is
partly on this account that his field of la
. r ;.-= to be changed.
He has been connected with St. Mary's
parteb for the last six years, during which
time he has labored Indefatigably in the
Interests of the. parish. His departure
will be regretted by the church people, to
whom he hag endeared himself.
Father Otis came here from New York.
His new position will be in the House of
Studies at Washington, the assignment
l.'ing- made by the Superior General. It
' as not beet: determined just . when
Father Otis will leave San Francisco, his
.:- parture depending very largely upon
ihe condition of his health.
Outside of his religious work Father
Otis has taken an active hand in bring
ing about the suppression of the divea
iiTid disorderly saloons on Grant avenue
and Dupont ttrt-ct.
GRANT-AVENUE TAX
PAYERS ORGANIZE CLUB
Property-Owners Will Be Asked to
Pay Half the Cost of New
Road.
The Grant Avenue Improvement Club
organized at the California Hotel last
evening with R. 11. "U'arfield president;
George H. Lent secretary and A. S. Bald
win treasurer. About forty prominent
property owners en the street were pres
ent and most «f them had a word to say
reearding the laxity of the Board of Pub
lic Works In providing for this import
ant thoroughfare.
An executive committee was appointed
to interview the property owners and ten
ants on the street to see if they would be
willing to share one-half the expense of
laying an asphalt pavement from Bush
street to O'Farrell. provided the Board of
Public Works pays the other half. It is
estimated that tho improvement will cost
from $7000 to $10,000.
The committee is composed of C. S.
Smith E. F. Burns. E. A. Keil, A. M.
Davis. I*. M. King. A. S. Baldwin, E. H.
Mitchell. George Shadburn and Alexander
Vogelsang. The club also voted to en
courage the Police Commissioners to re
fuse the renewal of license to disorderly
saloons on the street. A resolution was
passed thanklner the Chief of Police and
Commissioners for their zealousness in
closing up the saloons on Dupont street,
between Bush and Pine, and for declining
to renew a number of liquor licenses on
Grant avenue.
First University Game.
BERKELEY, Sept. 26.— The first game
In which the University of California
eleven will play thl3 season will be witn
the Reliance Club team. Saturday after
noon, October 6. on the campus. The
freshmen will line up for their first game
next Wednesday, probably with th© Cali
fornia School of Mechanical Arts.
Knights of Pythias.
The meeting of Live Oak Lodge No.
17 of the Knights of Pythias last
week. In Its hall In Oakland, was at
tended by a large number of visiting
members of the order. There were ad
dresses by Past Chancellor B. D. Gans.
Sir Knight Cruzon of Oakland Lodge, Past
Chancellors Larmer. Rush Meyers,
and Sir Knights Johnstone, Johansen.
Bock. Keller. Marls. Heathey and. Burns
of Piedmont Lodge. Sir Knights Jensen of
Sulsun Lodge. Jones of Alabama Lodge
and Taylor. Gelder and Sloan of Oakland
Lodge. A. C. Bennett and Maurice Stew
art were elected members of the lodge
and admitted by card. The page rank
will be conferred at the next meeting.
abilities goading his evil nature, after
having wronged one woman to wrong as
many more as ho can seduce.'
"Th»ie exists In Scotland a form or
prohibition which is substantially un
known to us, which prohibits the guilty
party divorced for the statutory cause
from marryinp his paramour. This pro
hibitory clause is, however, usually struck j
out on motion of tome noble lord with
higher intellectual qualities than the
'Miss Grundy' who Is responsible for Its
existence. All the feelings of humanity
and all- the dictates of policy suggest that
the guilty parties ought not to be de
barred from making amends to social or
der by entering Into matrimony. To pre- j
vent marriage In such a case would be !
but to prolong the unseemly spectacle of
adultery and to inflict Illegitimacy on the
innocent and helpless offspring.
"Why are 'good order and decency of
fended'by the remarriage of virtuous peo
ple.' or, "so far as that is concerned, how
ls it that 'the moral scale is lowered by
the remarriage of immoral people'?
"In my opinion the morality of the com
munity is preserved by the remarriage of
virtuous people and it is saved from as
sault by the wedlock of the immoral. My
distinguished opponent pays that one mar- ;
riage exhausts the natural right to marry,
and that a second union must be under
the guidance of statutory enactment.
True, in marriage the law must be obeyed.
but Christ has spoken to the world and
has absolved the innocent from suffering
for the acts of the guilty. To the inno
cent he has given right and made it a
duty to remarry, and society permtts the
remarriage of the guilty for Its own pro
tection. Why should those innocent, per
sons who have cast aside a guilty spouse
be denied the natural right to enter into
a second marriage within one year? A
decree of divorce from the time of its
Issuance places the parties in the status
of unmarried persons. As to each other
they are unmarried, and in my opinion bo
are they to the world. The divine law
and the laws of man give them the right
to enter into a second union. This right
Joseph M. and Abble Rose "Wood recog
nized and exercised. Upon this law and
reasoning I submit my case."
Judge Troutt took the case under ad
visement. Briefs will be filed and In due
time this question, which has carried un
happiness and uncertainty Into more than
a thousand California homes, will be
finally adjudicated.
F GILBERT BIX>DES, better
kown in pugdom as "Fat," has
levied an attachment on the
• historic electrical clock which
constitute* a portion of the
r ; 55ets of the Columbia Athletic Club to
Fltlsfy a $51 claim he ha6 against that
r reanizstion. Archibald Campbell, attor
ney for the claimant, has directed the
Sheriff to seize the timepiece, but as yet
the latters deputies have not succeeded
5-i locating it. Deputy Sheriff Murphy has
1 • <-:i <ir. ¦ still hunt tor the clock for two
«?«•.=. but BO far he has be^n unsuccessful.
The hi:nt for the clock will no doubt
pro\-« n highly entertaining diversion to
(jiterrsted parties, but i.he history of
the timepiece is .even more interesting- to
f flowers ot the ring. The clock Is a relic
. f the halcyon days of pugilism in this
city. It did not fortp'l the hour nor did
jTs rhythmic tick disturb the stillness of
Woodward'* Pavilion, where it reposed.
n n night? of pugilistic contests the clock
R-afl In its element. Its sjwinKS and wheels
tv-ere sot in motion by a current of ole£
iri<~ity. At the motion of the refer«*e".s
I that all was In readiness for the
WONDERFUL, ELECTRIC
CLOCK THAT HAS FIGURED
IN MANY FAMOUS RING CON
TESTS.
TIMOTHY J. LYONS. WHO
QUOTED SCRIPTURE IN HIS
ARGUMENT SUPPORTING
NEVADA MARRIAGES.
Misfortune seems to have claimed the
Azzali Italian Opera Company for its own.
Aft^r a series of mishaps, which would
make a comedy of errors if there were not
too much of the tragic in the story, the
company was to have bejfun its engage
ment last night at the California Theater.
But it didn't, and /it seemed as If the
whole Latin quarter of the city was at the
doors' to utter imprecations, gesticulate
all sorts of disgust and leave thoroughly
disappointed.
The failure of the company to open its
engagement was no fault however of Its
own. The fates were again adverse and
Angelina Turconi-Bruni, who was to as-
Fume the soprano part in l/ucia. was re
ported seriously ill with a cold. There was
no help for it. She could not appear and
the management was forced to close the
doors and announce that the engagement
would not begin until Saturday night,
when "Aida" will be sung. It is hoped
that this will be the last misfortune for
the company, of which so much has been
written and which unquestionably Is
composed of capable artists.
T'ntoward incidents have marked the
course of tho company since its departure
from Italy. It was first reported ship
wrecked. .Then it had a nerve-racking,
voice-impairing journey to the City ot
Mexico. Unmusical customs officials kept
It two days in quarantine at El Paso and
when it arrived here with the announce
ment that it would open in "Otelio" the
alarming discovery was made that the
music of Ihe opera" had been left in Mexi
co. "Lucia" was substituted for the open-
Ing night and then San Francisco winds
played havoc with the vocal chords of
the" leading soprano. But it is promised
that there shall be no more delays, and
on Saturday night the company in "AJda"
will invite our criticism.
BY MARGARET AINSI/EE.
Lace, that "most poetic of all textile
ilssilf-?." has the peculiar charm of in
tensifying the beauty which it seems to
veil. As u fantastic adjunct to dress it
has. therefore, appealed strongly to the
courts distinguished for their love of
personal decoration; and as it is of com
paratively modern development, having
come into vogue as late as the early six
teenth century, its history j. is easily
studied.
"I^acis." oa darned netting, and cut or
drawn threadwork are but the transitional
forms between embroidery and lacework
proper (so closely allied that one seems
but an ingenious variation of the other).
I.ace. in its perfected stage, differs from
embroidery which postulates a foundation
in that If is a textile fabric in Itself, both
pattern and ground being devised by the
lace-worker. Hand-made lace Is divisible
into two branches, named — from the
method of construction— needlepoint and
pillow lace-making. The former method
involves the employment of a needle which
loops a thread into various shapes and
patterns, thus creating a dainty, sculp
turesque effect of gentle relief. The other
method produces a softer blending of
ornamental effects by means of twisting
or braiding together a number of separat
ed threads wound around the heads of
lengthened bobbins and fastened In a row
upon the cushion or pillow which gives it
Its name. In Its original form it is closely
allied to the reticulated weaving or fringe
knotting of ancient peoples. In its pre
sent form it ts said to have been invented
in the Netherlands, where it is still one
of the chief Industries.
The art of lace-making has been follow
ed by women of all classes, providing a
graceful pastime for court ladles and an
additional sustenance for the peasants.
200 000 of whom in France to-day eke out
a livelihood by this means. As early us
the fifteenth century various complicated
stitcheries, interlacing devices and de
signs for indented borders were eagerly
sought after; and when the art of engrav
ing and modes of printing made it possible
for books of needlework patterns to su
persede the samplers, which had been in
sufficient to meet the demand, laee-mak
lng became a specialized industry and as
sumed a more Independent individuality.
Fashion through the introduction of the
Medici collar into the French court, soon
stimulated the making of lace edges in
large quantities. In spite of poetic satire
and slighting prose, men and women con
tinued to wear these curious stiffened col
lars some of which were a quarter of a
yard deep, with twelve lengths in each
triple-staged ruff, all edged with narrow
lace. Contemporary writers stigmatized
them as "gadrooned like organ pipes. con-
the French schools arc elassed under the
general head of guipure* de Venise. Or
iginally the term guipure implied a fili
gree work stiffened with a Ktmp or wire.
bent into designs and Joined 'by ram-v
stiteheM; gradually the term was extend
ed to all laces made with bars which dis
tinguished them from thos" having small
meshes classified as "dc-nttlles." Th*
finished crispness and firmness of outline
of th" Venetian suipiinfs were attained
by.casMng minute stitches over hnrsehtir.
It is said that OOC« when the lacomaker.i
of Venice were striving to make f->r LOOM
XIV a eollar i valued at $.T0O> which should
surpass in marvelous delicacy all previous
specimens of their handiwork they w?r«
not satisfied with the fineness of the or.'.i
nary horsehair and used Instead their own
hair. The classic home of the modern
guipure Is in Auvergne. Here more th.in
13fi,iM> women live in great simplicity, and
by their versatility In using threads of
flax, silk. wool. Angora rabbit and goaf*
hair have mad<-> their mountain retreat
»>ne of the most important local lace cen
ters in the world. During the greater part
nf thist century they have been making
rich black guipure of heavy silk thread.
Probably the French lace most widely
known, because of its plentiful imitation.
Is that of Valenciennes, made In th«
French town of that name glnce the fif
teenth century. It did not. however, ac
quire a. distinctive appellation until the
eighteenth cenftiry and has not been made
in Valenciennes since the Revolution. Tha
style of lace always identified with thi*
name Is. now made in a "small frontier
town of France, where a museum of lace*
has been established. Valenciennes lac*
Is also made In two provinces in Belgium,
where convent glrlu, spinsters nn<l widow*
form themselves into lace-making com
munities. This lace 1« one of the oldest
pillow-made laces and 13 distinguished by
a softness and flatness formed by very
regularly plaited meshes of the same kind
of thread used in the floral design. It is
differentiated from Mechlin, a ptllow
made lace very popular in England, be
causo of a similar lightness and pleasing
effect, by the lack of cordonnets or out
lining' threads. The absence ¦ of any
¦ threadwork in th«» nature of relief renders
: Valenciennes lace particularly flexible an-1
suitable for laundering. For these reasons
It was particularly prized for the lingerie
of the great ladies of the eighteenth cen
tury.
Another l.ic*» very popular in France.
Brussels point or point d'Angleterre, was
made In Flanders and sold in Dr.glano.
The English so greatly appreciated the
Flemish Iaees that for a ttm«=" they mo
nopolized the wearing of them and ex
pended such immense sums upon foreign
point that Parliament was obliged to pass
sumptuary laws protecting the manufac
ture of English bone lace and prohibiting
the importation of foreign lacef. Th»>
court of Charles U immediately proceeded
to evade this edict by smuggling In the
richest laces in the Belgian market under
the name of English point, an appellation
coined for the purpose. The Flemish lace
workers Invited to settle in England
were not able to produce a fine quality of
lace because they could not secure tho
necessary flax, so the point was thereafter
made in Brussels under the English nam».
Th% Invention of machines for making
fine nets gave in 1SC0 a new Impulse to tht;
application of floral ornament upon tulle.
In this way shawls' and bridal veils of
great beauty could be made at a com
paratively lower price. Charming varia
tions of the Brussels pillow-made applica
tions are obtained by a combination with
needlepoint. Equally popular among the
modern Belgian laces 13 the Duchesse
guipure.
An English pillow-made lace similar to
Brussels In fabrication is the Honiton
Great care is given to the flower sprigs or
separate ornaments which are -workei
separately and originally Joined together
by small bars which have developed Into
a kind of guipure effect.
Xote — This study will be continued on
Tuesday, October 2.
THE CALL'S
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
THE ART OF EMBROIDERY AND LACE-MAKING.
Copyright, 1900, by Seymour Eaton
HISTORIC STUDIES SIN HOWE F^URINISHIING.
" NEVADA MARRIAGES ARE
SANCTIONED BY CHRIST."
Attorney Lyons Quotes Scripture in His Argu
ment Against the Prohibitory Law-
AX outcry against the marriage of
divorced persons within one year
from the date of the decrees that
set them free has been raised
from imc end of the State to the
other. Upon such marriages the church
has placed the stamp of disapproval.
Judicial decrees, though In the minority,
have characterized them as illegal, im
proper, immoral and against public policy
and the common weal. In open court,
however. Christ has been quoted and his
precepts cited to sustain not only the
right hut to prove It is the duty of the
injured party who suffered at the hands
of the mate in marriage to cast off the
marital yoke and asaln. with another
spouse, enter upon the pursuit of happi
ness.
That Christ recognized the right- of
second marriage and that upon his pre
cepts the laws of Christendom have their
lmsis was presented yesterday as an aid
to" final decision by Judge Troutt in the
matter of the petition of Abbic Rose
Wood for a family allowance from the
estate of her iate husband. Joseph M.
Wood. In a recent decision Judge Belcher
held that the marriage of Joseph M. \Vor>d
and Abhie Hose Wood, which look place
in the State of Nevada within one year
from the date of Mrs. Wood's divorce
from a former husband, though she was
the Injured party, was illegal, null njid
void. Final argument on behalf of Mrs.
Wood was made yesterday by Attorney
Timothy J. I,yons on her petition for a
family "allowance, which, if granted, will
neutralize the onus of Judge Belcher's
opinion and establish her claim to be re
cognized as the lawful widow of the de-.
ceased.
"Christ said a spouse taken in adultery
should be denied the right to again
marry," said Mr. Lyons, "but he impress
ed upon the injured party that It was not
only a right but ft duty to again enter
the marital state. My opponent. Judge O.
P. Evans, has endeavored to impress upon
the court tho 'indecency and the utter dis
regard for public policy' which a favor
able decision to us by this court would
give legal sanction.
"President of Yale. D.D., LT>.
D., holds that the right of divorce, even
in the strictest view of our Savior's*
words, is unquestionable: and that there
is nothing in the seriptures, nor in the
Savior's principles in regard to marriage
that can be fairly regarded as forbidding
the innocent party to contract a second
marriage. Th-? supposed extension of this
right by St. Paul, where he says, speaking
of the' unbelieving husband, 'Rut If the
unbelieving depart, let him depart.' Is
treated with the author's usual learning
and arutej>ess. ami the reasoning is reach
ed that Paul advances beyond our l^ord in
'a single particular— In conceiving of and
to a certain degree authorizing separation
without license of remarriage.
"A treatise on the Christian doctrine of
marriage, by Hugh Davey Evans, Tj.Ij.
D., sets forth that after a decree of di
vorce has been granted there can be but
little question as to the right of the
parties — the gu'lty as well as the inno
cent—to remarry.
"Turning from those theories and teach
ings which are set forth In the revela?
tions we find thiit they are adhered to
by the legal authorities of Christendom.
Joel Prentlss BIfehop, a recognized author
ity, has this to say on the right to re
marry after divorce ? 'Plainly a person
who has conducted badly in one matri
monial alliance has no claim to be protect
ed in another; tut in divorce law we are to
consider the Interests of the public more
than those of individuals. So that a mun
who has been unfaithful to a particular
marriage, if he is to be punished there
fore beyond having It dissolved, should
be shut up— not left at large under dls-
SOUNDED DEATH KNELL
TO HOPES OF MANY "PUGS"
"Fatty' Blodes Secures an Attachment for an
Historic Old Prizering Clock.
boKinninp of hostilities an operator would
start the automatic clock and as the con
necting pong sounded through the arena
the combatants would rush from either
rornrr and battle until the bell again
tapped the signal for a temporary respite.
The long; black hand would revolve om
inously round the large white dial and
aKain call the men to the center of the
ring: until cither one of them was laid low
by a blow or the prescribed number of
rounds had been foupht. The electrical
timepiece is the only ono of its kino in
existence. It has t-oundod the death knell
to the hopes of aspirins pugilists and
even champions in their oln?.=. Its face
has looked over tlio heads of excited men
and watched unmoved the most exciting |
finishes*. Athletes who have struggled to |
win fame in the world -of pupi!is>m have
covertly eyed the moving hand and in
wardly prayed thnj, it would go faster so
that they might in the minute's re^t al
lowed them recuperate from the terrible
Mows they had reeeived.
The clock orfpinally was tho property
of the California Athletic Club, the fore
runner of the later organizations. That
famous" organization, which was com
posed of the leading business and profes
sional men of this State, before whom th«!
greateFt rlngsters exhibited their skill
from IS** to 1S&1, owned and introduced the
clock. Since the dissolution of the Cali
fornia Club the elook has been used In
contests fought before the Pacific, Na
tional and Columbia Athletic clubs, «ind
by reason of improvements In its ma
chinery lias given infinite satisfaction.
Durinsr all the preat battles fought be
fore the California Athletic Club in its
rooms at the corner of Now Montgomery
and Mission streets the historic clock kept
time. When Barney Farley'* "My bye,
Joe" MoAuliffe fouptht and defeated Glo
ver In forty-nine rounds: when "Young
Mitchell 1 ' beat ("leery in thirty rounds,
and when dusky Peter Jackson proved hi?
rip;ht to be classed among the topnotchers
by handily defeating clever Godfrey in
nineteen rounds it was th««re doinK busi
ness. It ticked eff the breathless seconds
when McAuliffe laid low Mike Conley. the
Ithaca giant, in two rounds, and later it
saw unmoved the tumult and constrrna
tion when Jackson lowered the colors of
"My hye. Joe." in twenty-four rounds.
It sounded tho first defeat of Jack Dcmp
sey. the most brilliant and popular mid
dle-weipht who ever entered m rinp. Jack
son and Corbett obeyed the dictates of the
gong for thirty-one rounds on the night
of May 21. lRPI. The mechanism or elec
trical fluid then pave out and the ad
ditional thirty rounds were foupht with
out its aid.
In late years the clock Iips kept time
in f very big contest held In San Francisco.
Corbet*. Pharkey, Jeffries. Kitzsimmon*.
Ruhlin, Ryan. McCoy. "Mysterious*!
£m1th. Hawkins, Erne, DIxon, WaW-ott.
and a hundred other knights of Uk-
Padded mit have heard Its gong and
watched the rounds toned oft by invisible
hands.
And now "Fatty" Blodes wants the
clock to satisfy a claim of $40.
I
The Latin Quarter Was Ready in
Thrones. to Pay Its Tribute,
but the Soprano
Was 111.
Azzali's Stars 'Are Forced to
Disappoint the Public
Once More.
FATE PURSUES
TIE ITALIAN
OPERA COMPANY
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, ¦ SEPTEMBER • 27. 1900.
Farewell Reception to Div Coyle.
OAKLAND. Sept. 26.— A farewell recep
tion will be given Rev. R. F. Coyle in the
parlors of the First Presbyterian Church
on Friday evening. Dr. Coyle and hia
family will leave for Denver on October 2.
KLONDIKE'S OUTPUT
' ¦; UFOR THE PAST SEASON
"WASHINGTON, Sept. 26.— Some Inter
esting facts regarding the situation at
Dawson City contained in the report
of Consul J. C. McCook. under date of
August 22. He says there has been an
abundance of wild" blueberries, currants,
raspberries and cranberries this summer.
The cattle herders on the hill and a few
Indians gather the berries and bring them
to Dawson, receiving $1 to $1 50 per quart.
The idea of building an Ice plant in
Dawson seems like "carrying coals to
Newcastle." The lack of ice in summer,
however, has been seriously- felt and a
contract has been given for an ice ma
chine to be placed in a cold storage ware
house. The cost of Ice this Bummer has
been five cents per pound, or at the rate
of $100 per ton.
Consul McCook says more mining claims
have been worked this summer than in
any other season, because the heavy
rainfall has afforded sufficient water for
sluicing. Machinery is now found every
where in the district and no One thinks ot
working a claim without boiler, engine
and pumps. The amount of gold sent out
this season, as per Consular and invoices
is $12,500,000. It is possible that a quarter
of a million more has gone | out without
any record.
INCREASED TRADE
WITH THE ORIENT
9
You ought to have knorm that
when you ceased to be regular in your
courses, and you grew irritable with-
out cause, that there was seriou3
trouble somewhere.
* You ought to know that indigestion,
exhaustion, wonib displacements,
fainting, dizziness, headache, and
backache 6end the nerves wild with
affright, and yon cannot sleep.
Mrs. Hartley, of 221 W. Congress St.,
Chicago, 111., whose portrait we pub-
lish, suffered all these agonies, and
was entirely cured by Lydia E. Pink-
ham's Vegetable Compound; her case
should be a warning to others, and
her cure carry conviction to the minds
of every suffering woman of the un-
failing efficiency of Lydia E. Pinkham'i
Vegetable Compound.
Mbs. A. Hartley.
If you are dangerously sick what is
the first duty of your physician ? Ho
quiets the nervous system, he deadens
uie pain, and you sleep well.
Friends ask, "what is the cause?**
and the _ answer comes in pitying
tones, neirvous prostration. It came
upon you so quietly in the beginniiigr,
thai you were not alarmed, and when
sleep deserted you night after night
until your eyea fairly burned in the
darkness, then you tossed in n« "mma
agony praying for sleep.
Avoid Nervous Prostration.
WOMEN MUST SLEEP.
GRAPE-NTJTS.
"DAINTY FOOD"
Turns Pale Cheeks to Pink.
Our best physicians of the present day
seek to cure patient* by the useof food,
Tather than heavy drugs, and this is the
true method, for all physicians agree
that only from food can the body be
rebuilt.
Many people fail to give their physi-
cians credit, for alter living on poorly
selected or badly cooked food for a long
time, perhaps, and when their ailments
become chronic they expect the Doctor,
¦vith «omc magic potency, to instantly
rebuild them. >" -
This is not possible. The only true
ir.ethod is to turn as quickly as can
be from poor food to good. A young
lady. Miss Alice Hendricks, employed
at the corner of Fourth and Race
streets. Cincinnati, O., says: "I was
variously treated for my nerves, mus-
cles, lungs, etc.. but none of the treat-
ment gave me relief from the pains.
"About a year ago my appetite failed
completely and I began to have sinking
spells fimilar to fainting. Then I took
nil manner of tonics and stimulants, but
they were of no effect. I had been
brought to quit drinking coffee and
taking Postum Food Coffee in its place,
and gradually began to get a little
better.
"Some one fujieested that if I found
Poftum Food Coffee so beneficial I had
better ufc Grape-Xuts food, as they
were both the children of one brain.
1 commenced on Grape-Xuts food for
breakfast, having Postum Food Coffee
with it. I found the food so dainty, de-
licious and appetizing that I always
looked forward to breakfast with pleasV
t:rr. •
"Shortly after commcncinc: this diet
K'~iv wretched pain in the side was creat-
"*iy" improved, .and now. a year later, it
lias gone entirely, also the sinking
«pelh: in fact, my pale cheeks have
changed to pink, I have trained back
rr.nre than the twenty pounds I lost.
and am thoroughly well in every way."
ADVERTISEMENTS.
: The California Northwestern Railway
will run an excursion- to Ukiah Sunday,
September SO. Each ticket Insures a seat,
as none will be sold In excess of the num-
ber provided. Fare for round trip $2.00.
Leave Tiburon ferry 8:30 a. m.: Ukiah 5
p. m. Tickets now on sale at 650 Market
street (Chronicle bldg) and at Tiburon
rerry. •
Rainier beer/ the only beer on the Pa-
cific Coast that received a medal at the
Paris Expositloa . •Condition of the Treasury.
£«£. with actual business in bankers' bills at
*4 6f>>i©4 S6U for demand and $4 82% ror CO
days; posted rates. $4 S3U®4 S4 and J4 S7%@
* SS; commercial bills, $4 Sl^lN 82 . Silver cer
tificates, fi2»i®63^c; bar silver, 62"4c; Mexican
dollars, 49%o. Government bends, strong; State
bonds, inactive; railroad bonds, irregular.
Nezv York Grain and Produce.
California Fruit Sales.
Chicago Grain Market.
Foreign Futures.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Noise being an aggravation of sotrad. a
nice distinction exists between the two.
Music is the poetry of sound. The song
Is In the silence. There was a tlm© when
no one could go to dinner without a fear
ful noise of gongs and bells, but peopla
seem to know now when it Is time to eat.
No bell calls us to the theater, why should
It call us to church? It belonged to the
days of Itinerary preaching, and was used
to summon people from the hills and val
leys. Like the Chinese, we cling to th©
customs of our ancestors. — Chicago Times-
Herald.
Custom Clings to IToise.
CALL. BOARD SALES.
Informal Session — No sales.
Second Session— No sales.
Regular Mornine Session— No sales.
Afternoon Session — No sales.
OATS— Previous prices rule, with a dull mar-
Vhite, U I5@l 30; Surprise, U 25@1 40; Red.
fl Wl 20; Gray,' $1 1Q@1 20; Black, for feed,
$1 lOffM 15: for seed,- $1 1501 20 per ctl.
CORN— No supplies offering. ' VY-A?
RYE— Firm at 30«r92Hc per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— Nominally quotable at Jl 60
<31 75 per ctl.
Informal Session— 3:15 o'clock— December—
4000 ctls, $1 CST4.
Second Session — No sales.
Regular Morning Session— No sales.
BARLEY— Sales of choice bright Feed at 75c
during the past two days indicate a firmer feel-
Ing in this description. Generally speaking,
the market Is nominal and very quiet.
Feed. 75c for choice bright, 70@72Hc for No.
1 and C5@67Hc for off grades; Brewing and
Shipping grades, 77&@$2&c; Chevalier, nomi
nal.
CALL BOARD SALES,
WHTCAT— New Tcrk advanced lc. Liverpool
and Part* stocd about the came.
Chicago opened steady, but inactive, with no
pressure either to buy or sell. Later on a
cable stated that the Hungarian Minister's
estimate showed the world's crop of Wheat
240,000,000 bushels, and the crop of Rye 232,000.
000 bushels short of last year, and . thla Im
mediately rallied the market. There was a
good cash demand for both .Wheat and Corn.
The weather, in "the. Northwest continued bad,
with winter temr>eratures.- There were few
sellers at the close.
Locally, futures were firmer, but very dull.
Spot quotations declined. The rise In freights
Is operating against prices.
Spot. Wheat— Shipping. $103%; Milling, $1 06Vi
@1 08%.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — $* S4H
Sterling Exchange, sight — • 4 tsa
Sterling Cables — 4 S9
New York Exchange, sight — 05
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 07H
Fine Silver, per ounce — t-Vt
Mexican Dollars, . nominal 50 @ 61.
Wheat and Other Grains.
Exchange and Bullion.
•The gold brick swindle," says a busi
ness man, "is on© of the most plausible
propositions ever advanced, and has land
ed some of the cleverest business men in
the country. Twenty years ago It used
to be a common thing for banks In tho
"West to buy gold bricks— I mean real
ones — and frequently there were the best
of reasons for keeping: tho transactlou
quiet It often happened that the owner
of some partly developed mlno would
make an unexpected strike and wish to
buy up the adjacent property. Naturally,
he would want t6 hold back the news of
his discovery until he secured th© land,
and. If he had any bullion to dispose of,
would make the sale as quietly as possi
ble. The banks became accustomed to
deals of that kind, and were, consequent
ly, pretty easy prey for the gold brick
swindler who turned up with a precisely
similar story. I don't oelleve I exagger
ate when I say that fully one-third of all
the banking houses in th© Western min
eral belt were at some time victimized by
this game." — New Orleans Times-Demo
crat.
The Gold Brick.
NrcU York Metal Market.
NETW TORK. Sept. 26.— Another advance was
scored for tin in the local market for metals
to-day on account of much higher cables from
SHEEP— Receipts, 18,000. Sheep and lambs
strong. Good to choice wethers. $3 85@4 25; (air
to choice mixed, $3 60@3 90; Western sheep, $3 90
@4 20; Texas sheep, $2 50@3 60: native lambs,
J4 25g5 40; Western lambs, $4 75@5 25.
HOGS— Receipts, 30,000; to-morrow, 27,000; left
over, 4000. Steady to strong; active; top, $5 60.
Mixed and butchers', $5 logo 65; good to choice
heavy, }5 10@5 r>5; rough heavy. $4 95@5 05; light,
15 20(25 60: bulk of sales. Jo 2505 40. . • . •
CHICAGO, Sept. 26.— CATTLE— Receipts, 20,
000, Including 4000 Westerns and 600 Texans.
Native steers, steady to 10c lower; Westerns
same. , Natives, good to prime steers, $5 40®
$5 85; poor to medium. $4 50@5 35; selected feed
ers, weak, $3 fcOiffi 60; mixed stockers, J2 50@
3 75; cows, 12 75<&* 10; heifers, $2 90^5: canners,
$2@: 65; bulls, $2 60©4 33; calves. $4 E0@6 50,
Texas fed steers, $4 20(g5; grassers. $3 35(&4 10;
bulls. *! 40<g3 40.
Chicago Livestock Market.
The sales of tho week In Boston amounted" to
1.342,000 pounds domestic and 49,500 foreign,
making a total of 1,391,500 against a total of
1,705.500 Tor the previous week, and a total of
f,765,000 for the corresponding week last year.
Bales since January 1 amount to 96,035,000
pounds, against 219,611.100 for the correspond
ing period of last year.
BOSTON, Sept. 26.— The American Wool and
Cotton Reporter to-morrow will say: While
consumers of wool have manifested most Inter
est In the market since our Jast report their
buying is still of the hand-to-mouth character.
They are very particular to keep in close touch
with the market, being evidently aware that
their necessities may at any time be such as
to compel them to buy more liberally and they
are anxious to know Just what they can do.
Prices are pretty steadily held, although now
and then slight concessions are heard of. In the
West there Is no evidence of any concession
among holders of wool, and In consequence
very little wool Is moving from the Interior.
Boston Wool Market.
LI\ r ERPOOL.
Wheat— Sept. Dec.
Opening 6 2 . 6 4%
Closing 6 2 6 4VJ
PARIS.
Wheat— Sept. Jan.-Apl.
Opening 20 15 2170
Closing 20 25 21 SO
Flour-
Opening 26 00 27 85
Closing 26 10 27 93
¦caxjT Calendar.
SEPTEMBER. 1900.
700 Chicago Rock Island & Pacific 1C4«»
l-io C <? C & ?t Louis M^s
300 Colorado Pouthfrn a
200 Colorado Sovthern m r»rcfd Sfi
Cclorftdo Southern Id prefd I3V4
100 ]>lairare & Hudson lftg
300 r>e!a».are l.a' ttwanna & Western.. 173^4
I>nver & Rio Grande 18
Denver & Rio Grande nrefd KU
810 Krle • 10H
Erie lBt prefd 37
US Oreat Northern prefd 15" '
Hockins Coal 12H
ICKW YORK STOCK LIST.
f?fcar*» Cloiilng
s.m stock- n,.i K
3.<t* Atchiron 2 gi
9.C10 Atchincn J»refd '
fi.Cro Baltimore & Ohio ; 66^
12% <"anadian Pacific k,--m
I'O <'ana^a Southern .' 41;
J.no Chesapeake & Ohio MS
J.P0 I'hfcajro <Jreat, Western jo
LKS5 Oilcago Hurlington & Quincy 1215v
','hicaso Ind & Louisville ;i
. — . Chicago In'l & Louifville prefd P4
Chicago & Eartern- Illinois $.«
***0 Chicago *.- Northwestern ICO
N7:\Y YOP.K. S^pt. tL— The stock market was j
mor« feverish and irrcgiilar to-day than for ;
mentis. The movement of prices was rcsy >
wi<V and the Oonlin^s wore on a large scale, ;
but the artion of th« market indicated that it j
was bf-ing tested by jiroff?*ional operators. The. j
ra!!i- which set in the first of the week seemt-l j
to have .•ulrr.ir.atod during the morning s*»*&ion
and the over t-nthusiartic bullp who marked up i
inio<« against the outstanding fehorts found ;
themselves burled with increasing oCerinKS to '.
realize Instead of driving the hhorta to cover. I
They. th«-rc ; for«% allowed prices to drop back '
and the market fell into dullness at about last '
Blfbt's lev»L Thi: bear party apparently nudi |
u; U.eir rr.inds that the elimination of the i
phort Interest had fo far weak«-n»-J the technl- '
cal wwrttlaa •>! ;!:•- market as to warrant a ¦
lr<-?h inroad uixm iirlc<»s. The raid was c-ja- ,
durted with dr-urmination and t-howed th» coin- ;
tnand of laiRe resouro-s. Northern Pacific was '
Btncle4*oot a? the spocial obQeet of attack on
;> ¦ :i.t of )'iosUfnt Mi-Uln's assertion in the
annual rt-;.ort that th<- jirospects of bu'ln^ss
ar? not «o bright for the coming yr-ar owing to ;
tha rsrizz irbeat shortage., Practically the .
«ns commentary was contained In the annual I
¦report of President Hill of the (Treat Northern, j
I uWi?h<-d during th<- day. Northern Parttlc, ha.'l
tailed La si v :ar«> in ihf- early strength, and al- I
tbocdl th< rt- wierc othr-r KitK-ks which covered |
as -Aide a ranc** <">n llv- down grade. Northern
I'aciSc fell farthest twlotv lam night's -level of
the railroad group. The selling of Northern
Parltic was rappleXNBted by pressure againft
llissouri Pacific, as th«:re are supjioscd to be '
largo accounts existing in that •'tock. Tlw rai.j I
was su'—<»Ff--f^I In disloderii^ stop-loss orders, ]
and the whole market fell away with violence. <
Th«- i<a'iii:R :tork> w»re a jK.int or' more b«»low
last night's level brfore the d.-olinp culminated.
Th« f»r!y advance had itiisau ran.s of a point t
Tor many Btodu. The nervous cundltion of the 1
bean wan strtklastr #how?i in th« violent re- I
corery of the lart hour of the market, when a J
rumor got into circulation that the strike of th« i
<-...'¦! miners had been R.-ttW. This rumor was |
attributed to Chicago., and aliho-jgh prompt '
rr..:;v Ur ,.s »frc ta.k»n to ¥.*r u re authentic lnfor- j
tr-Ation on th»#fubject, failed to confirm it the I
l"-ars taught eux:lu to cover In disorderly !
liarr^. Sorrve \UOrtSt recoveries were the con
n-c-.ienoe.. Heading first preferred rallying'?;
on wide jumps and N(-w Jersey Central 3 The
covr-rinr movement e*t.-r.del throughout th; I
lifcl and prices swiftly retracted their course '
to Eimowt the toyi level • In many canes The I
coarfcet doMd eonFlderably excitM, with a j
larcc numlier of stocks showing net gains. The I
riews that the miners' settlement applied only j
to orae iTilne T*."here T*eculiar o«»idltl'»ns existed 1
did riot heooin* known until after the close of i
the market. What the actual effects may be
reir..-i!r.s to b* seen. The day was barren
of any urtucl new* developments which might
chantr* tho Fr>e«-u!at1ve situation.
Th*- bond market was dull and irreirular To
tal Bal.*. par valu*. $1,130,003. United States 4s
advanced 4 ani all other Issues 14' in the bid
l-ricc. ' :
EASTERN MARKETS.
Km' York Stock Market.
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour,
quiet; No. 2 red. 77%c; No. 2 corn, 42%343^c;
No. 2 yellow, 42S43y 4 c; No. 2 oats, 22\4c; No. 2
white, 26Vfee; No. 3 white? 24\i 1 &2i%c; No. 2 rye,
L2Mc; fair to choice malting, C2Q57c; No. 1
flaxseed, $1 53; No. 1 Northwestern, $1 63; prime
timothy seed, $4 30@4 60; mess pork, per barrel,
$12 10<&12 15; lard, per 100 pounds. $7 03®7 07»,i;
Ehort-rib sides (loose). $7 CO^I 80: dry salted
6houlders (boxed), $6 25@6 37Vj; short clear sides
(boxed), $3 15<&8 20; whisky, basis of high wines.
$1 26.
Articles — Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 27.000 24,000
Wheat, bushels 608,000 266,000
Corn, bushels 800,000 321,000
Oats, bushels 401,fXK) 197,000
Rye, bushels 9,000 3,000
Barley, bushels 131,000 7.CO0
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was firm; creamery, 16^220; dairy. I3^j
18c. Cheese, firm, 10Vifill%c. Eggs, firm; fresh,
lCVic.
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
September 76v» 7S 76*4 77H
October 76?i 78 76H 77»i
November 77»i 78% 77'-» 78Vi
Corn No. 2 —
September 42^ 45 41V4 42?i
October Z r i% 40% 3St>4 40 1 *
November 26?; 37V4 36H 37V4
Oats No. 2 —
September 21H 21% 21H 21%
October 21^ 22 21% 22
November 22^ 22V4 22V4, Ti^
Mess Pork, per barrel-
October 12 05 12 15 12 00 12 15
January 11 47H 11 57V4 U 471m 11 S3
Lard, per 100 pounds—
October 7 05 7 07V4 7 02% 7 02H
November -..7 024 7 03 7 00' 7 C2'4
January 6 77Vs 6 SO 6 T,V, 6 77'i
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds-
September 7 70 7 72^ 7 70 7 72V4
October 7 50 7 &6 7 50 7 52^
January • 6 15 6 17^4 6 12H 6 15
Provisions were dull but 6teady because of a
good cash demand. January pork closed 5c
higher, lard unchanged, and ribs a shade up.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Corn was very firm and shorn for September
delivery were very much disturbed by the dif
ficulty of getting corn In the pit. September
early Jumped excitedly and furnished the note
worthy incident of. the day. September closed
5c hizhcr at 42%c. October closed «iffi?ic
higher.
oats were in sympathy with corn. October
closed a shade up.
* *
CHICAGO. Sept. 26.— October wheat opened
a shade down at 76\QTG7-sc. with a Bale also
made at 7SHc, almost at the tap of tho gong.
This slight exhibition of uneasiness was due to
better weather In the Northwest. During the
two previous sessions, however, most of the
weak bulls had been forced out and the talent
was in a position to buy. In this they were
encouraged by the strength developed by corn,
comparative steadiness at Llveri>ool and indi
cations of diminishing receipts. Later in tho
day the weak state of the ocean freight rates
caused anticipations of export business and
caused a still further advance. October ad
vanced with few reactions to 78c. On profit
taking the market reacted, but closed firm, %@
%c over yesterday at 77\i@77^c.
CORN— Spot, steady: American mixed new,
4s 4%d.- Futures— Steady; October, 4s 3"4d; No
vember, 4s 3d; December, 4s 2>4d.
1/. V
LIVERPOOL. Sept. 26. — WHEAT — Spot,
steady; No. 2 red Western winter, 6s 3d; No. 1
Northern spring, 6s 3d; No. 1 California, 6s 6tyd.
Futures— Steady; September, 6s 2d; December,
6» 4>4d.
LIVERPOOL. S<*it. 26.— WHEAT— Quiet; No.
1 Standard California, 6s 6>£d; wheat In Paris,
dull; flour In Paris, quiet: French country mar
kets, steady; weather in England, cloudy.
COTTON— Uplands. 6%d.
CLOSING.
LONDON. SepL 26.— Consols, 98 9-16; silver,
29d; French rentes, lOOf. Cargoes on passage,
quiet and steady: cargoes No. 1 Standard Cali
flrnla. Sis 9d; English country markets, partly
Cd dearer.
Foreign Markets. \
NEW YORK, Sept. 26. — Cotton futures opened
with prices unchanged to 8 points, lower and
continued to shrink rapidly under brisk liquida
tion. Soon after midday the market took a
stiff turn for the better on reports that a cold
wave was in store for the Southwest to-night.
In the last half local covering carried prices
to above the close of yesterday. The close was
flrra. with prices 4 to 12 points higher. .
New York Cotton Market.
PITTSBURG, Sept. 26.— The Earl Fruit Com
pany's sales of California fruit at auction to
day are as follows: Grapes — Tokaya, single
crates, $1 Oo'Jfl 35, average $1 18; Tokays, double
crates, $3ft3 10. average $3 03; Clusters, single
crates average $1 40. One car sold to-day.
PHILADELPHIA. Sept. 26.— The Earl Fruit
Company sold California fruit at auction to
day and realized the following prices: Grapes
—Tokays, single crates, $1@>1 60, average $1 22;
Tokays, double crates, $2 43@3. average $2 66.
Pears— Lawrence, boxes, average. $1 05. Peaches
— Salways. boxes, GCgSOc, average 69c. Weather
dryr favorable. One car sold to-day.
BOSTON Serit. 26.— The Earl Fruit Company
realized the following prices for California
fruit, sold at auction to-day: Grapes— Tokays,
single crates. tlSJl 7 5, average $1 14. Peaches—
Salways. boxes. GOQTSC average 6Sc. Prunes —
Italians, single crates, 70(g>S0c, average 72c.
Six cars sold to-day. Weather dry; favorable.
NEW YORK, Sept. 26.— The Earl Fruit Com
pany sold California fruit at auction to-day and
realized the following prices: Grapes— Malagas,
single crates, 75c© $1 34, average $1 08. Pears—
Bartlctts, boxes. US* 20. average $2 40. Peaches
— Levi Cling, boxes, 60c«&.$l 15, average 79c;
Strawberry Cling, boxas, 60<g"5c, average 69c;
Salways, boxes. 30@75c, average 65c. Prunee—
Italians, single crates, 60@75c, average 62c.
Sixteen cars sold to-day. Weather dry; favor
able. • „
Porter Bros. Company sales: Grapes — To
kajs. 75c@<l 70 single and $2 5503 70 double
crates; Clusters. $1 06#2 25; Morocco, $1 90<&
2 25 single crate: Muscats, 65cfc$l 30; assorted,
$115. Plums— Kelsey, $160(5^3 box; Coe's Late
Red, K><g«0c blr.gle crate. Peara — Duchesse,
$1 95 box; Bartletts, 90c&$l 95 box and $1 10
halt box. Peaches— Salways, 45(S«0c; Clings,
55c. Eighteen cars fruit Fold to-day.
CHICAGO, Sept. 26.— The Earl Fruit Com
pany realized the following prices for Califor
nia fruit sold at auction to-day: Grapes-
Malagas, single crates, 65*JS5c. average ' 72c;
Tokays, single crates. 65c®$l 25, average 97c.
Pears— Flemish, boxes, average 95c; Bartletts,
boxes, 45c@?l 80. average $1 47. Peaches — Sal
ways, boxes, 25@55c, average 54c; Yellow Cling,
bo?;es, average, (He; George's Late, boxes, aver
age 60c; Levl Cling, boxes, 30(&€0c, average 66c.
Prunes— Italians, single crate. 55@70c. average
66c: Silver, single crates. 80<g90c, average 84c:
Hungarians, single crates, 40<gi65c. average 61c;
Germans, single crates, average 70c. Weather
hot. Twelve cars sold to-day.
Porter Bros. Company sales California fruit:
Peaches^ — George's Late. 65c: Salways, 4O@6Oc.
Two cars of Cape Cod Cranberries arrived
and are selling at the quotations. Like the
WUconsins they are green and small. ~,
Prunes are scarce and wanted, and the next
arrivals will probably bring an advance. Plums,
too. are dwindling steadily. Peaches are firm,
but Apples and Quinces are plentiful and slow.
Grapes and Melons show no change worthy
DECIDUOUS FRUITS-
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Creamery— Fancy Creamery, 28@28%c; Sec
onds, 27@27#C.
Dairy— Fancy. 25(3 26c; good to choice, 22%@
24c: common. 20@22c.
Creamery tub — 20<S22V4c per lb.
Pickled roll— 19@21c.
Firkin-lSglSc.
Storage goods— 22%® 24c.
CHEESE— New, 9®10c; old. 8®8%c: Young
America, 10(S>10%c; Eastern. 13%® 14c; 'Western.
lC@12c per lb.
EGGS— Quoted at 20324c for store and 30@33c
per dozen for ranch; Eastern, 18@23c
While some dealers are quoting a stiff and
hlcher Butter market others are protesting
against any | further advance, saying that It
will divert the demand to held goods, and thus
cause a slumD later on. Already the different
descriptions of packed Butter are meeting with
an Increased demand. -Stocks of fresh continue
light.
¦ Cheese remains unchanged.
• Eggs are quoted firm, with light supplies.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Poultry is very weak under the heavy sup
plies, as will be inferred from the quotations.
The demand is slow.
Game shows very little change. Sound lots
sell off readily, and spoiled .consignments are
dumped.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, logilc for Gobblers
and 12@13c for Hens; Young Turkeys, H@l6c:
Geese, per pair,- $1 KQl 50; Goslings, $1 50@l 75;
Ducks, $3@4 for old and $3 3U©4 50 for young:
Hens, $3 50®4 50; Young Roosters, Jlfi-ttO; Old
Roosters, $3 50@4; Fryers. $3@3 5f>: Broilers.
$3@3 25 for large and $2<g2 50 for small; Pigeons,
jl 25 per dozen for old and $1 50@2 for Squabs.
GAME— English Snipe, $2@2 E0; Jack Snipe,
$1 25<gsi 50; Doves, 50@75c per dozen; Cottontail
Rabbits, $1 25® 1 50; Brush Rabbits, SI: Hare.
$1 25; Grouse, $S@9; Sage Hens, $2; Mountain
Quail. $3 per dozen.
Poultry and Game.
Two cars of Merced Sweets sold at the quo
tation. Other Potatoes were unchanged. Onions
were steady. Tomatoes continued in light sup
ply.
POTATOES— Eerly Rose. 37%@40c; Burbanks,
40®65c for Rivers and 75c@$l 05 per ctl for Sa
linas; Sweets, 75c® < $1 for Rivers and $1 25 for
Merced.
ONIONS— 60@75c per ctl; Pickle Onions, 35
@60c.
VEGETABLES— Green Corn, 60c@$l per sack
and 73c@$l 25 per crate; Green Peas, 2@>Jc per
lb: String Beans. l@2%c; Llmas, l^'9:2c per lb:
Cabbage. 4O@5Oc; Tomatoes. Bay, 40@60c; Egg
Plant, 30f£T10c per box; Green Okra, 25{?40c,
Green Peppers, 25@40c per box for Chili and 33
©50c for Bell; Dried Peppers, 10@15c; Carrots,
25G 35c per sack; Summer Squash, 25@40c for
Alameda; Cucumbers, 25ig'40c for Alameda:
Pickles, 41@1 25 per ctl for No. 1 and 50@75c
for No. 2; Garlic, 3c per lb; Marrowfat Squash,
%l®\0 per ton. '
Beans are sluggish and are expected to re
main so until the new crop arrives more freely.
BEANS— Bayos, $2 60#2 75; Small White, $3 50
@3 75; Large White. $2 50® 2 65: Pink. $2 50@
2 63; Red. $3t?3 25; Blackeye. $2 60@2 75; Lima,
$5 15@5 25; Pea, $3 75@4; Red Kidneys, $3 2oQ
3 60. . *-¦
SEEDS — Brown Mustard, 33£@4c; Yellow
Mustard, 4%@5c; Flax, $2®2 50; Canary, 3^c
per lb for California and 4c for Eastern; Al
falfa, nominal; Rape, 2%@'3c: Hemp, 4@4%c;
Timothy, 4@4V4c.
DRIED PEAS— Nlles, $1 23@1 75; Green, $1 80
@2 05 per ctl; Blackeye, $1 50.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Beans and Seeds.
TACOMA. Sept. 26.— WHEAT- Steady, blue
stem, S9V4c; club, E6V3C, both for export.
WASHINGTON,
PORTLAND, Ser>t. 26.— The wheat market Is
holding steady with very liberal offerings.
Walla Walla was quoted to-day at 66@57c. with
valley and blue stem easy at 60c, although for
milling purposes valley might command a
slightly higher flcure.
OREGON.
Northern Wheat Market.
PORTLAND, Or.. Sept. 28,-Clearlngs, $3«7,
815; balances JT.0.3SS.
Portland's Business.
Hay is very rtlff, and dealers are disposed to
p-ush the market up. A car of extra choice
wheat sold at $13 50, but this figure is above
the market as yet. Further advances are
looked for. The transports and ships chartered
by the Government are taking away large
quantities, and the local demand is good, as the
retailers have at last come to the conclusion
that there Is not a great deal of good Hay ob
tainable.
Bran is very scarce, and It Is said that the
next steamer from the north will not bring
any. Middlings are also strong.
BRAN— $16©17 per ton.
MIUDLINGS-$19g21 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. $16@17 50 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, $26@27; Jobbing,
$27 MXg2S; Cocoanut Cake, $20^21 ; Com Meal.
$26(g27; Cracked Corn, $26 50©27 50; Mixed Feed,
$13 60@14.
HAY— Volunteer, $5t£7 B0; Wheat, $10@13;
Wheat and Oat, $10®12; Oat, $8 50<@ll;
Clover, $4tJ«; Alfalfa, »6@7 50; Barley. $7©9
per tbn. .
STRAW-3(XS37tfc per bale.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
FLOUR— California Family Extras. *3 60®
3 75, usual terms; Bakers' Extras, $3 40®3 50;
Oregon and Washington, $2 75@3 10 per barrel
for family and $3 15@3 50 for bakers'; Eastern.
$4 75i§5 75 per barrel.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are •as fol
lows, usual discount to . the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 per 100 Ibe; Rye Flour, $2 75; Rye
Meal, J2 50; Rice Flour, $7; Corn Meal. $2 75;
extra cream do, $3 50; Oat Groats, $4 50; Hom
iny. $3 E0®3 75; Buckwheat Flour. *4<S-» 25;
Cracked Wheat. J3 50; Farina, *4 60; Whole
Wheat Flour, J3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels), $6®
7 25; In sacks, $5 75S7; Pearl Barley. $6; Split
Peas, *5; Green Peas, $5 50 per 100 lbs.
Flour and Millstuffs.
FOR TTEDXESDAT. SEPTEMBER 28.
Flour, qr sks 18.507 Hay, tons 773
Wheat, ctls 37,362 Chicory, bbls,. 3<>
Barley, ctls. ...... 2.935 Lime, bbls 3*4
Oats, ctls 800 Broomcorn. bdls. SOS
Corn, ctls. 60 ' Pelts, bdls. *41
Tallow, ctls 433. Hides. No... 95
Cheese, ctls 133 Leather, rolls.... J74
Butter, ctls 170 Wine, gals 51 50O
Beans, sks 8,145 Etfgs. doz 9.840
Potatoes sks 4.941 Shorts, sks 130
Onions, sks 1,200 Wool, bales Z\
SS5ii" ks ""i."v < : 1M * Hops - bales 81
Middlings, sks... 65 Straw, tons 17
Receipts of Produce.
Crushed, " 7.05c; Powdered. 6.63c: Candy
Granulated. 6.85c; Dry Granulated, 6.53c; Con
fectioners' A. 6.55c: Magnolia A. 6.15c; Extra
C. -6.06c: Golden C, 5.95c; barrels, 10c more;
half-barrels. 25c more; boxes, 50c more; 50-lb
bags, 10c more. No orders taken for less than
75 barrels or Its equivalent. Dominoes, half
barrels, 7.20c; boxes. 7.55c per lb.
• COAL— Wellington, $3 per ton; Southfleld Wel
lington, 19: Seattle. $7: Bryant, $7: Coos Bay,
*5 50: Wallsend. $9; Co-operative Wallsend. »3;
Cumberland, $12 In bulk and $13 25 in sacks;
Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $14; Cannel, $1*
per ton; Coke. $16 per ton In bulk and $18 in
sacks; Rocky Mountain descriptions. IS 45 per
200O lbs and JS 50 per ton. according to brand.
SUGAR— The Western Suffar Refining Com
pany quotes, per lb, In 100-lb bags:
BAGS — San Quentln Bags. $5 65; Calcutta
Grain Bags, C«4e: Wool Bags. 2SH®32%c: Fleece
Twine, 7%c; Fruit Bags. 6H@«%c for white and
SVtQjSftc for bleached Jute.
General Merchandise.
PORK— Live Hogs, 5Hc for small, 5%®5%c for
medium and 5%@5M;C for large; stock Hogs and
feeders, 6©&iio; dressed Hogs. 7tt©S%a
There is no further change In anything.
BEEF— 5He«c for Steers and 4Vtfr5c per lb for
VEAL— Large. 7gSc; small, 7®Sc per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, 7^®8c; ewes, 7©7%c per
pound.
LAMB— 8CSV4C per lb. •
WOOL— Spring clip Is quotable as follows:
Northern, free. 15®lBc: Northern, defective. 12®
14c; Middle County, free. ltJJlSc: Middle Coun
ty, defective. 12$ 14c: Southern Mountain, 12
months'. 9@10c; Southern" Mountain, free, 7
months', ll@12c: Southern Mountain, defective,
7 months'. 9@llc; Humboldt and Mendoclno, 1G
@17c: Nevada. 13<S16c per lb.
Fall Clip— San Joaquln. 6H<S8c: do Lambs', 8
@9c; Middle County, 9@llc per lb.
HOPS— lltt@H^e per lb.
San Francisco Meat Market.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about I le under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers,' 9@9V»c; medium, 8Hc; light, 8c; Cow
hides, 8e: Stags, 6c; Salted Kip. 8®8Hc: Dry
Hides, 15c; culls, 12c; Dry Kip, 15c; Dry Calf.
15c; culls and brands. 12c; Sheepskins, Shear
lings, 15^23c each; short Wool, 30@40c each;
medium, 60<g70c: long Wool, 75cf2Sl each; Horse
Hides,- salt, 52fi 2 25 for large. $1 75 for medium,
$1 for small and 50c for colts; Horse Hides, dry,
$1 50 for large, fl 23 for medium. $1 for small
and 25@50c for colts. Deerskins — Summer or red
skins, 35c; fall or medium skins, 30c; winter
or thin skins, 17H®20c Goatskins— Prime An
goras. 75c: large and smooth. 50c: medium. 35c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 4®4Hc per lb; No.
2, 3@3Msc; grease, 2J}2Hc
Hides, Tallozv, Wool and Hops.
COTTOLENE— One-half barrel. 8*ic; three
half-barrels, 8>*c; one tierce. SHc; two tierces,
8Vlc; five tierces, SVic per lb.
LARD— Tierces quoted at 7c per lb for com
pound and 914c for pure; half-barrels, pure,
9Hc: 10-lb tins. 10c: B-lb tins, 10Hc
CURED MEATS— Bacon, lie per lb for
heavy. ll%c for light medium, 13c for light. 13Hc
for extra light and 15^4c for sugar-cured; East
ern tugar-cured Hams, IX^sc; Mess Eeef, H2 per
bbl: extra Mess, J13: Family. $14; extra Prime
Pork. S15 oO: extra clear. $19; Mess, Jl« 50;
Smoked Beef, 12HG13c per lb.
HONEY— Comb. 13Vi®l*Hc for bright and 12^4
©13c for lifrht amber; water white, extracted.
7%®8c; lljtht amber extracted, 7@7Hc; dark, S
©6Hc per lb.
BEESWAX— 2<ei6c per lb.
Provisions. r .
RAISINS— The Raisin Growers* AasoelaUon
has established the following prices for th«
season of 1900: Bleached Thompson's fancy.
12c Der lb; choice, lie; standard. S\c; prime,
8c; unbleached, Thompson's. 9c per lb. Sul
tanas — Fancy. lO^jc per lb: choice, 9*4c; stand
ard. 8»ic; prime. 8c; Unbleached Sultanas. 8c:
Seedless. 50-lb boxes, 6Hc; 2-crown loose Mus
catels, 6c; 3-crown, 6Hc; 4-crown, 7c; London
Layers, 2-crown, {1 50 per box; 3-crown, $1 M;
Fancy Clusters, $2; Dehesa. $2 50; Imperial. S3.
All prices f. o. b. at common shipping points
In California. ¦ *
NUTS— Chestnuts. 15£20c p«r lb; Walnuts.
No. 1 softshell, lie; No. 2, 8c; No. 1 hardshell
10c: No. 2, 7^c; Almonds, 15916c for paper
shell. ll©12V-c for softshell; Peanuts, 5<86c for
Eastern: Brazil Nuts. 13c; Filberts, 13c; Pe
cans. llul"e; Cocoanuts, $3 50@3.
FRUITS— Prunes. Santa Claras, 4 sizes, Sc;
40-SOs, 7c; 60-60s. 5%c; 60-70s. 3»ic: 70-80s. JHc;
80-90s. 2*ic; 90-lOOs, 2Hc; 100s and over, 2c;
rubles, 'ic premium; Sonomas, He and San
Joaquins He less than Santa Claras, except 100s
and over, which stand the same. Apricots, 8
STSc for Royals and WSU^c for Moorparks;
Evaporated Apples. SCSc; sun-dried. 3@4c;
Peaches, 5S"5%c for standard. 6©6Hc for choice
and 7@8c for fancy: Pears. S©7c: Plums, pitted.
5@S%e; unpltted, l@mc; Nectarines, 5®5Hc for
red and S4®6o for white.
The trade reports a good call for car load lots
of fruit for the Southwest, especially for
Texas, where the recent floods have created a
demand. Prices are firm all along: the line.
MELONS— Nutmegs, 25©50c per case; Canta
loupes, EOc®|l 25 per crate; "Watermelons, IS®
13, with extra large at V&Q25 per 100.
CITRUS FRUITS-Seedllns Oranges, H©1 50;
Valencias, $3® 4; Lemons. $1 50®2 60 for com
mon and J303 60 for rood to choice: Mexi
can Limes. »503 50; Bananas, $1 50©2 BO per
bunch; Pineapples, Jl 5*g3 50 per do«sn.
Dried Fniits, Nuts and Raisins.
PLUMS— 30-& 50c per box and 60@75c p«r crat«.
GRAPES— Muscat. 5C©63c per crate: black. 40
@60c; Tokay, 30@iS0c; Isabella, £0@63o; Cornl
chon, SOfieOc; Wine Grapes. J1S#2O for white
and |22©26 per ton for Zlnfandet
APP1.E3— 25®50c per box for common and
60@003 for good to choice,
PEARS— Btrtlett. Jl@l 50 per box; other va
rieties?. 404175c per box.
QUINCES— 2S«?60c per box.
CIIANBERRIES— Care Cod, (8 50; Wiscon
sin, J8 per bbl; Coos Bay, $2 SO per bar.
STRAWBERRIES- $2 50@4 per chest for large
and for small berries.
RASPBERRIES — $4 50C6 per chest.
PERSIMMONS— 60@75c per box
HUCKLEBERRIES— 5c per lb.
POMEGRANATES— 30®60c per small box.
London, that market showing a rise of £2 10s
for spot and £1 5s for futures, due to manipula
tion. After a quite active day's trading the
close was ilrm at J2S SOO $29 25 for tin locally.
Lake copper continues quiet and unchanged at
$16 75® 17. Lead ruled dull at J* 37%. Spelter
quiet at $4 HXg4 15, and plpiron warrants very
dull at $9 E0@10. The brokers' price for lead
was %i and for copper $16 75@16 87V4-
FOBECAST.
TBC pretrore Is highest over Montana and
1 vest In Southern Arizona. It has risen
¦lightly over tiie entire Pacific tlo^e.
The tem;>erature changes have bern slight !n
all diitr.ots. It it- generally below the normal.
The veatber '.* cloud;, along the central
ciiaM of California; elsewhere west of the
}'.¦>< i;y ;j«'.r.'.a:ns it Is clear.
Conditions favorable for fair, pleasant
weather la <"a:;f:rr.!a Thursday.
y. recast made rt San Francisco for thirty
hours KDsi;r^ n:.<in:ght September ":
Ni rtbem Oalifomta— l"air Thursday; fresh
northerly wind.
S tutbera California— Fair Thursday; light
Hi rtswest uind.
N-\ada— Fair; warmer Thursday.
Utah— Fair; wanner Thursday.
Ariryna— Fair; warmer Thursday.
Sir. Francisco and vicinity— Pair Thursday ;
life-lit northwest wind. G. H. WTLLSON,
L»->cal Forecast Official.
<iyn.ii Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FP.ANCISCO. Ser>t. T&-5 p. m.
The following maximum temperatures were
reported from stations in California to-day:
Bareka fi6 Li.s Angeles 74
Independence €4 Sacramento 78
lit. Tamalpais CS Pan Luis Ob:spo 76
lied UluS 76 San Diego €6
Krerno SJ
Ban Francisco data: Maximum temperature.
74; miaiama. V': rr.ean. a.
"VVKATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
Weather Report.
MaS advices freni New York say: "The
Btn r.fr situation en raisins absorbs most at
tentl< n. New seeded sell well at 3c. delivered
here, but the Quantity offered at this figure
is !ess»Ti«»d by one packer advancing to 7\<z
t. o. b., coast, on choice two-crown and to
fl4e or, fancy three-crown. A further advance
:a pn ml»*4. BpOt seeded are selling quite
:rr«-ly. mostly in small lets, to the consun.ing
trade at 9c tor firft grade and be for second
grade nwse price* are likely to hold very
¦ ¦ longer, however, a leading holder Ix'injj
about to advance ! «o <in the cheaper graie ani
later probably another Va
1 feature of yemveriMV'm or>oratiori« was a
monftoeat In Sultana raisins.
... . • -u aboot 2000 boxes were reporte-1
at prices rancir.R from 19c to VfMfi. New Bnl-
T..-...S ; . :. t Interest the trade in the least on
account at th<- hij;h prtcea at which they are
hei<1. Valencias are having a fair Bale <it
"Currant? ar? still 12512^»C, with little ac
tnity at the moment. One sale of fifty bar
rel> WfMM KVfMNlfid at 12 l -*C.
¦¦.Mi prusea. exixDX. (0-SOa, practically are
Cleaned up. The cunsuming trade is takir.g
4';s quite treely. Sew wop prunes are giving
out \n the trade very slowly. Future apples
are unchanged. belr.g offered for November
at 4Sc
"Quite a larpe business was done in Brazil
uots festerdar at 10c and lO'-^c. Tendency oJ
Pf>n« .3 toward still 'higher figure*.
• ¦< Eerlsc <>' new Grenoble walnuts were
f**"w 3'fsT.erday. bat cables received quoted
blCber prices. One cal>le quoted b6f, equiv
:.:¦:.¦ to 10'kC. delivered htre. No business was
htanl >f at the advance. Home little business
:s reported in California walnuts."
Dried Fruit in Xczu York.
Foreign Itr.port* at this port during the first
»Z£ttt ti-.pr.ths of the year were J30.C2S,000.
tci'.r>: jrs,CfS,650 lor the same time last ytar,
t:;e leafllag sources bt-lr-jr as :ollows: Japan,
tS.751.S80; China, J5.C52.St'O; Hawaiian Island*.
SS.t9S.600; Great Britain. SL'.1S,2OO; Central
America. ' C2UMM0: Brltleh Culumbla. *l.6S2.-
Cw; E**t Indies, J2.411.400.
Foreign Imports.
NrtV York Money Market.
NEW YORK. Sept. 26.-r-Close: Money on call,
steady, at l?i(32 per "cent: prlma mercantile
paper, 4%f 5% per cent. Sterling exchange,
LONDON. Sept. 26.— Atchison. 27%; Canadian
Pacific. 894; Union Pacific preferred. 73H;
Northern Pacific preferred, 70%; Grand Trunk,
C%; Anaconda, 8%: bar silver firm. 23 l-16d per
cunce; money, 3&3% per cent.
CLOSING.
NEW YORK. Sept. 16.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
The markets here opened dull and improved
slightly In the afternoon on African news, but
there ws* no Increase of business. Americans
were featureless, but closed higher, though be
lcw the Beat, the tendency being unsteady
throughout- The opening of the new account
attracted some buyers. Silver was 23d cash on
a small b«ar squeeze.
London Market.
145 Hocking Valley Z0\
1,510 Illinois Central 1 114%
100 Iowa Central 17b
Iowa Central prefd 87
Lake Erie & Western 25
Lake Erie & Western prefd 92%
Lake Shore 205
S.153 Louisville & Nashville 70
3,Ci0 Manhattan Elevated 85%
2.273 Metropolitan Street Railway 145%
COO Mexican Central 10%
100 Minneapolis & St Louie 61
Minneapolis & St Louis prefd 90^
25,750 Missouri Pacific 47
Mobile & Ohio £3
Missouri Kansas & Texas 9
400 Missouri Kansas & Texas prefd 27«4
l.fX") New Jersey Central 130
4,800 New York Central 127%
1,280 Norfolk & Western 32
Norfolk & Western prefd 74
43,000 Northern Pacific 47%
1.814 Northern Pacific urefd 67»i
61* Ontario & Western 20
Oregon Railway & Nav 42
Oregon Railway & Nav prefd 76
3.f30 Pennsylvania 125%
300 Krad:n* 15",
18,000 HeadiiiK 1st prefd o!H
400 Heading 2d prefd 24^ |
Kio Grande Western iiZ 1^
Rio Grande Western prefd 90
Ft Louis & San I "ran »ij
St Louis &. f*an Frand 1st prefd 63
lift St Louis & San Fran 2d prefd 32
1.2tO St Louis Southwestern •.... 11
£00 St Louis Southwestern prefd 26% I
10.C35 St Paul 112»t,
St Paul prefd 173
St Paul & Omaha 110
S.800 Southern Pacific 3lS
C*> Southern Railway 10%
€21 Southern Railway prefd El'i
1.330 Texas & Pacific 14^»
15,120 Union Pacific -."4*«
2.013 Union Pacific prefd 71%
200 Waba*h 7
L2S0 \VaI>ash prefd .*. 16<4
400 Wheeling & Lake Erie 8'i
Wheeling & Lake Erie 2d prefd 21\
100^ Wisconsin Central 10
Third Avenue 108
lixoress Companies —
A.iams 123
American „ 150
United States 45
Wells Fargo 124
Mifeellar.eous —
4S0 American Cotton Oil 32
American Cotton Oil prefd SS
100 American Malting 4Vi
American Malting prefd .'20
of') American Smeltinc & Refining 35S
200 Am Smelting & Keflning prefd 87%
American Spirits 1%
American Spirits prefd 17
700 American Steel Hoop 17%
400 American Steel Hoop prefd 64%
5,750 American Steel & Wire 30»i
4<y> American Steel & Wire prefd 70V
L225 American Tin Plate 25
200 American Tin Plate prefd 78
6,400 American Tobacco 86%
American Tobacco prefd 126
TOO Anaconda Mining Co .' 41
24.000 Brooklyn Rapid TTanslt 45%
SOO Colorado Fuel & Iron 2S%
400 Continental Tobacco 24
Continental Tobacco prefd 75
3.C25 Federal Steel '. 31%
1.SS0 Federal Bteel nrefd, ex div 61^,
irro General Electric 132Vi
210 Glucose Sugar 48
Glucose Sugar prefd 6S
U<0 International Paper 1S\
1.C45 International Paper prefd:. 61
£00 Laclede Gas 69
171 National Hiscuit S2«4
National Biscuit prefd S4%
National Lead '.... 17%
National Lead prefd SS
300 National Steel 24%
100 National Steel prefd • 82
325 New Yoik Air Brake 114
200 North American 14%
Pacific Coast 62%
Pacific Coast 1st prefd SO
Paolttc Coast 2d prefd 62%
SM Pacific Mall 27%
9>00 PeoDle's Gas 83**
HZ Preyed Steel Car 32% |
ir>' Pressed St«-el Car prefd 70 Vi
410 Pullman Palace Car 182
IM Standard Rose & Twine 4%
3O.(/-O Sut;ar 114%
Sugar prefd 114
£,2C TeimefFw Coal & Iron 63%
1*1 I'nif-d States Leather S%
SOO United States Leather prefd 65%
T.."nited States Rubber 27
•t'ntted Ftau-B Rubtxr prefd 02
Western Union 75
- J*0 Republic Iron & Steel Co 10Vi
YJi Republic Iron & Steel Co prefd 51
P C C & St Louis 47
321. TOO Shares sold.
CLOSING BONDS.
rj-8 2a refunding, L & Nash unl 4s.. 9S% 1
wh»n issued. r»-K.l13VN' Y Cen lsts 16S%
docoap 104% IN J Cen gen 5s...,122*i
do 3« Tfrz lorti-No Pac 3« 64%
do mup 1CS14 do 4s 103*i
do new 4k reg 134 N }' C & St L 4s. .107^
<Jo coup 134 Norf & W con 4s..*7»i
do old 4s r*& 114*4 Or Nav lsts 108
do coup llMil do 4« 102%
do f.s r«*g 113V; Or S Line 6o 127
do coup 113 W I '1° con 5s 113
D!« of f.'cl 3.e.'»....123 Reading pen 4s.... h«'4
Atrhison Ken 4s. ..100% K G W lsts 39
do «dj t» IB% *t L fc 1 M con Es..ll2
, Can So 2d« 106'., St L & K F gen 6s. 123
1 Chen & O 4%R SSH St Paul cons 16.S
do tr llBHISt P C & Pac lsts. 117%
C & NW con 7S....13SV do Es 119
do fi F d»b 5s 120% Ro Pacific 4s 76%
Chi Term 4s 92 Bo Ry 5a 10S%
\ Tolo So 4s 78Vi S Ro^e & T €s 66
! D & R G lsu l f ;3^ Tex & Pbc lsts. ...113
i .30 4s 9«V4 do 2d» 58
! Rri»> gen 4r €7'^ fnion Pac 4s 104%
Ft W A DC lsts.. 72 Wabash lsts 117%
| Gen Hlec 5s 118 '• do 2ds 101
; Iowa On lFts......H3 'U'ofL Shore 4s 112\A
I M K & T 2.1s 64 IVls Cent lets f.2%
do 4s 80 l"a cent 89%
MINING STOCKS.
rhollar 15 Ontario 5 75
Crown Point lOOphlr 45
I Con Cal & Va 1 05 Plymouth 10
I Deadwood 45 Quicksilver 150
I Gould & Curry 30 '.Quicksilver prefd.. 6 00
: Hale & Norcross... 20 Sierra Nevada 28
I Hometitake EO 00 Standard 4 00
Cron Silver 65 L'nion Con 15
Mexican 23 JTellow Jacket 24
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
j Money— .. * |We«t End 92
¦ '."an leans S@4 Westinghoune El.. 46%
I lime loans 4«5,Wis Central 10
j Stocks— ! Bonds—
j A. T & S F 26%Atchison 4s 99
A T & S F prefd.. 6SVi N E GasiCoke 5s. 59%
! American Sugar... 114\4 j Mining Shares —
Am Sucar prefd. ..114 l 4 Adventure 3%
Bell Telephone 136 jAlIouez Min Co 1%
Boston Elevated... 145 Arnalg Copper S6
t Boston &• Maine.. .187 j Atlantic 22%
j Chgo. Bur & Q 121%!Joston & Mont 309
I Dominion Coal 3S Butte & Boston.... 60
j Dom Coal prefd. ...110 ! Calumet & Hecla..74O
j Federal Steel 51^4 Centennial 13%
j Fed Steel prefd til |[>anklin 13
1 Fltchburg pr«d...l3I%lHumboldt 25
I General Electric... 132V» , leceola 63
Oen Electric prefd.13? Parrot 40«4
Ed E!ec III 210 |3uincy .'. it;
Mexican Central... 10',i -=anta Fe Copper... 4
Mich Telephone 85 Iramarack 22S%
N E Gaa & Coke.. 10% ttah Mining 28%
Old Dominion 16 |VVinona ., 24
L'nion Pacific £4% i Wolverines ... % 39
XEW YORK. Sept. 26.— FLOUR— Receipts,
23.S63; exports, 15.6:8 barrels; sales, 7250 pack
ages. Market quiet and steady.
WHEAT— Receipts, 199,800 bushels; no ex
ports; sales, 3,600,000 bushels futures and 200,000
bushels export. Spot— Firm; No. 2 red. 83%c t.
o. b. afloat and 81%c elevator; No. 1 Northern
Duluth, 87c f. o. b. afloat (new); No. 1 hard
Duluth, 91V4e t. o. b. afloat. Options— Opened
steady and then developed a sharp advance. In
which bullish estimates In the world's crop,
light speculative offerings, the Jump In corn
and general strength of sentiment after recent
declines played a part. Just before the close
realizing produced a slight decline from the
opening, but the market left off firm at %01c
net advance. March, 85 E-16£S7c, closed 86%c;
May, 85%QS6 l-16c, closed 86%c; September,
81 7-16SS2C. closed 81?4c; October, 81T*@S2^c;
closed SITic; December, 83 7-lCc©84 5-16c, closed
HOPS-Qulet.
HIDES-Qulet.
WOOL— Dull.
COFFEE— Spot Rio quiet: No. 7 invoice, 8%c:
mild, quiet; Cordova, 9» t S14c. Futures — Closed
barely steady, with prices net unchanged to 5
points decline. Total sales, 24,000 bags, includ
ing: September, »6 95@7; October, J6 40@6 95;
November, $7; December. V 10; March, $7 25@
7 30; May. $7 40; July, $7 50.
SUGAR— Raw, firm; fair refining, 4«4c; cen
trifugal, 96 test, 5c; molasses sugar, 4c. Refined,
firm.
BUTTER— Receipts, 6310 packages. Steady;
creamery.' 17(g22c; June creamer)', lS®21>*c; fac
tory. 14@16%C
EGGS— Receipts, 10,771 packages. Quiet;
Western regular packing at mark, 12^@lSc;
Western, loss off, 20c.
DRIED FRUITS.
NEW YORK, Sept. 26.— The market for evap
orated apples contained a steady undertone at
unchanged prices, with only light trading. State
common were quoted at 3@5c; prime, 4%@
5^«c; choice. 5%@6c; fancy. 6@6%c.
California dried fruits were dull but steady
at unchanged prices. Prunes were quoted at
3HG' I '8C per pound as to size and quality.
APRICOTS— Royal. ll(314c; Moorpark. 15@16c.
PEACHES— Peeled. 14filSc; unpeeled, 6@9c.
Butter and Eggs firm and Cheese steady.
Poultry in large supply and weak. Game about tlte same.
Cape Cod Cranberries appeared.
Good demand for Dried Fruit for the Southwest. «
Provisions as previously quoted.
No further change in Meats.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Silver improved again. Exchange unchanged.
Jl'hcat lozvcr and dull. Barley quiet.
Oats, Corn and Rye unchanged.
Beans and Seeds dull at previous prices.
Hay continues to advance. Bran very scarce.
Sweet Potatoes lozvcr. Onions steady. Tomatoes firm.
HaJa & Xorcra. 22 23 Utah _ 04 0«
Julia. -. 03 WlTellow Jacket.. 29 21
W Ki>NETSI>AT, Sept. 25 — t p. m.
Alpha C3 04 JusUce ~ C« 07
Alta 02 C4 Kentuck 03 0*
Andes 06 03 Lady Wash-..- — OS
Belcher „ 17 13 • Mexican SI 33
Best & Belcher. 30 31 j Occidental — .. 07 OS
Bullion 02 04. Ophlr 53 53
Caledonia 42 dOvennan ... . 10 11
Chollar 19 20:Potosl 13 20
Challenge Con.. 19 21 Savage .... 16 17
Confidence 75 80, Scorpion — . — C3
Con Cal A Va..l 19 1 13'Seg Belcher.... 02 03
Con Imperial... 01 03 Sierra Nevada. 30 32
Con New Tork. — 01 Sliver Hill 87 33
Eureka Con — 45 St Louis- — 13
Crown Point 11 13 Standard ...._ — 4 15
Exchequer 01 02 Syndicate ...... <H —
Gould A Curry. 32 33 ; Union Ccxv. 13 20
CLOSING QtX>TATION*3.
600 Andes 07 200 Mexican 31
1C0 Best A Belcher. 30 SCO Potent W
200 Chollar 13 1 500 Sierra Nevada. 30
SCO Con Cal & Va..l 13 ! 500 Utah 05
600 Justice 07 j
Do M — 105 Powell-st R toll? —
I. A Ry 6s 107 KmijSac L, GARos.100% —
LAU Co «a. — 103 [SFASJ V3s.l20Hi:W4
Do gntrt 6s.. — — S R of Cal 6s.m l <« —
L A jmtd 5s. ..ICO 102*j S P Of A Js . . . . Ill MM\\
L A P R R 5s. — 102 3 P C «s (13C5)
Market-st 6s...l28U — (Series A)....llC1i —
I>> 1st M 69..117K11SH r>o <S«>rl««s B)lll —
N C M G R 7s. — IIS S P C 6s (1906). 113H —
>r r of cai 6s. ii3 115 r>o ana) 121^12214
Do 5s 11SHU9 S P R 1st gntd — —
XPCRR Ss.U'i - SPBr «s 122U133H
Do 5s 106 107 S V Water 63. 113 —
N Cal Ry ««.. — 111 I Do 4s 103 104
Oak O L & 11.109 — Do Sd mtK...l0S —
Oak Tran 6s... — IIS Stocktn Gas fis — 102'i
WATER STOCKS.
Cbntra Costa.. 89% 70%; Spring Valley. M KH
Maria County. 61 V* — I
GAS AND ELECTRIC STOCKS.
Cent O L Co.. — — Pae L Co — 4414
Cent L A P Co — 5 Sac El G&RCo 33 jri^
Equit Qt. Co. S% W S P O 4 E-... «3H 'J3\
Mutual El Co.. 10 — iSan Francisco. 5 »•,
O G L. & H — CO$i . StXn G & E C© — 14
Pac Uaa Imp.. — 524 !
INSURANCE STOCKa
Flrem'a Fund. 223 — '
BANK STOCKS.
A=slo-Cal Ltd. 67% 70 Lon P A A 133 —
Bank of Cal. ..409 — Merchants' Ex 15 —
Cal 6 D A T..105 — |N«v Nat Bk... — —
First Natlcnl..2S5 330 I
SAVINGS BANKS.
Ger S * L 1830 19C0 \H F Bar T7....SD —
Bum SAL..— — Sav A L So.... — K\
Mer Trust C3% 70 !Seo Sav Bk.... — —
Mut Sav Bit... 48*4 — 'Union T Co.... — —
STREET RAILROAD STOCKS.
California 123 — O S L ft H.... — 43
Geary-st IS 40 Presidio ...^. — 174
Market-rt 67 tftf
POWDER STOCKS.
California — 163H!Vl«ortt _ tH «H
Giant Con Co.. 84% 35-i.
STJGAK STOCKS.
Hana 8 P Co.. T5fc « Kilanea S?C8 CH
Haw C & S Co — 89 Makaweli S Co 43 'i —
Honokaa S Co. 3034 31%'Onomea. S Co. XI 2»
Hutch S P Co 25 2tt i Paauhau S Co. 28% n^
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
AJ Pack Assn.124%153 iPac A P A 1%, —
Cal Fruit Asn. 97% — |Pao C Box Co-ia> 151)4
Mer Ex As«n.. 97 100 > Par Paint Co. 13 U ,
Oceanic S Co.. 93% 94 I
ilornlr.ff Session.
Board—
20 Giant Ponder Con.................... M 75
41 Giant Powder Con 84 52%
23 Bana Plantation Co. 8 00
200 Equitable Gas S SO
J10.0CO Market St R R 9a J1S 00
0 Oceantc S S Co 3S 50
$3000 Oceanic S S bonds 107 37%
J2O0O Sacramento Elec Gas & Ry Ss. ...... If 35
J1S.0CO S F & S J V bonds .....120 25
10 S V Water IS 50
Street —
14 First National Bank ~.337 BO
Afternoon Session.
Board-
SO Alaska Packers' Assn _........»» 75
SO Equitable Gas S 6S%
200 Equitable Gas 8 30
20 Mutual Elec Ught 10 00
$3000 Northern Ry of Cal 5s US 73
Street—
3S Alaska Packers' Assn — — 124 73
J12.0CO Market St Ry 1st Coa J3..........11S fX>
$16,000 S F & S J V bonds !20 3
PRODUCERS* OIL EXCHANGE.
•\f m-nin g Session.
Boar*—
250 Caribou - — ~— 8
100 Sterling O A D Co — ... » U
10O Twenty-Eight _~~. 1 7S
Atternoen Session.
Board—
60 Home OU -- * '5
10O McKlttrldt Consolidated 29
20 Royal : 1 25
50 San Jcacj-ain Oil A Dev.. ............ S 04
Street—
1M Tweaty-Ely&t .... 1 SS
25 Kern River 20 CO
atDTENG STOCKS.
FoIIowta* wtre the sales la the S«a Frssetsco
Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
50 Gerald & Carry, a S00 Overman -..-. - 10
-i Afternoon Sessloo.
100 Andes 07 400 Con Cal A Va-.l IS
200 Belcher - 13 2000 Gould A Carry. S3
200 Best A Belcher. 20
Following w?r» the sales to. th» Pad3c Stock
Exchange yesterday:
- Morning Session.
SOO Best & Belcher. 30 SCO Gou!d A Carry. 33
ICO Caledonia 43 3C0 Gould A Curry. 32
300 Chollar 20 200 Opbir 5*
200 Con Cal A Va..l 15 200 Ophlr S3
JO> Con Cal & V.1 12%
Afternoon Session.
Cal-st Cab 5s. 11314 — I Oak Water 5s. — 103
C C Water 5s.. — 107 Oceanic S3 5s.lC7% —
Ed L &. F 6s..l30 ! » — Om C Ry 63...1»i-» —
F & Cl Ry 6s.. — — Pac O Imp 4a.l01V» —
Geary-st R 5a. — 39 P & Cl Ry 6s.lO4 —
H C & 9 6^9- — — P & O R R 6S.115 —
4s quar coup.. 113*1116%. 43 do cp (new)134 135
4s do reg ll«i,msi 3s do coup lOO^UMi
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
"WEDNESDAY. Sept. 2S-2:30 p. m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Stocks of all descriptions continued flail at
practically unchanged quotations.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
THE SA1SV FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 27, 1900.
THE. STOCK MARKET.
WASHINGTON. Sept. 26.— To-day's state
ment of the Treasury balances shows: Avail
able cash balance, $135,456,267; gold. J7S.932.293.
10
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL NEWS
S. IM.IT. 1^1^ r -\ 3 "
Moon's Ptm*
—^ Flr»t Qumrter.
¦y September I.
I 3 « 6 J
'" » 10 n is
~vTlT~a »
~b~"i71T »
so
i
i
a:
i i
15
•1
n
1^. *"ull Moon.
Last Quarter.
Q- September 13.
©New Moon.
S«^temb»r 3.
S. IM.IT. 1^1^ r -\ 3 "
Moon's Ptm*
—^ Flr»t Qumrter.
¦y September I.
I 3 « 6 J
'" » 10 n is
~vTlT~a »
~b~"i71T »
so
i
i
a:
i i
15
•1
n
1^. *"ull Moon.
Last Quarter.
Q- September 13.
©New Moon.
S«^temb»r 3.
JMtSS.WATBON.P*l« A,AHECKTf«»1«,*c«P Wk KXTE R.MIMURTM. *.€«
CHICA90.IU*. »*'""* NCI8C0 - C * L - «W YORK MIHNIAPOUS. •..«».
BOSTON. 31 COMMERCIAL ST. ,
!^^^"S"^"kW"2V^"°t\ iS' : • AW&OJtPorter.Mtnawn.
ES^eH^ M bf^-3ranaJc*%,t£ Sept. 25, 1900
. * -
DEAR SIR: It is with pleasure we acknowledge the correctness
of the daily market reports, as* published in The Call and the absolute
fairness with which all matters pertaining to the fruit industry are
treated in that department.
To such an,extent are. we believers in the accuracy of the reports
that when asked by outsiders for daily price currents we usually an-
swer such inquiries by saying that they can get all necessary infor-
mation from the commercial columns of The Call, which we consider more
of a guide to both buyer and grower than the average market reports
compiled and sent out by the various houses in the business. Very
truly yours, PORTER BROTHERS COMPANY.
Per
To Mr. W. S. LEAKE,
Mgr. San Francisco Call,
City.
An unusually large number of foreign
immigrants appear to be settling at pres-
ent In some parts of the New England
States, where they obtain work In the
cotton mills and In connection with other
industries. Lately, it is said, in Con-
necticut and Rhode Island the preference
Fall River mills a large number of Por-T
tusruese and Poles have found employ-
ment. Of all foreign nationalities tha
? O ww S V e SSL ar SJ ound the roost docile- and
£m YJ- . The Frencn-Canadlans ax« more
difficult to manage, being more inclined
to move from mill to mill and town to
town*RATON, N. M.. Sept. 26.— Mendo Rodriguez
was found guilty In the District Court here.
of murder in the second degree for killing Anna
Maria Duran at Clmmaron. Rodriguez, who
wns III, ror.ccivrd the Idea that the old woman
had bewitched him ar.<'. thinking he would
/eoover if she were out of the way. he slipped
into her hou.«e on» night last April and split
her head open with an ax.
row. Prpsident RIpley of the Santa Fe will be
amonsr the speakers.
And bid they did. In five minutes with
the persuasion of the auctioneer the
realty was knocked down to Claus Hade
ler of San Franclscp for $1S,400.
Jacob Bro^nstone. agent for Hadeler,
asked the court to fix his commission and
was roundly scored for his presumption.
"This property will not be sold until
the market price Is offered, gentlemen, so
make up your minds to bid." said the
court.
"What am 1 offered for this real es
tate? 1 ' called the Judge.
Befor* the Judicial auctioneer had time
to extoll the virtues of the land John
Harper offered $16,000. This bid was in
creased In a moment by Charles Ehraann
to $16,550.
OAKLAND. Sept. 2S.-Judge W. E.
Greene had occasion this morning to use
his Judicial gavel as an auctioneer's ham
mer, and that instrument was used with
good effect In the sale of real estate be
longing to the estate of the late Alexan
der Campbell. No red flag flew from the
courtroom door, nor was there the usual
small Doy with his able-bodied bell to at
tract the casual buyer, but when his
Honor called for bids on the property lo
cated at Seventeenth and Mission streets.
San Francisco, a number of eager specu
lators were in evidence.
Real Estate Owned by the Late Alex
ander Campbell Sold to Claus
Sadeler.
JUDGE GREENE ACTS
AS AN AUCTIONEER
Court Conviction Will Probably
Be Sustained by Supremo
Court Ruling.
Oakland Office San Franclje© Call.
1113 Broadway. Sept. 28.
It Is probable that before long the rattlo.
of the nickel in the hungry slot machine
will again be heard In the local cisar
stores. Judge Greene intimated strongly
this mornlns: that he would overrule tha
decision of Police Judge Mortimer Smllh.
who declared that the machines were Il
legal gambling devices. The case before
the court was the appeal of B. Bercovich.
a cigar dealer, who offered himself as a
sacrifice and waa found guilty and fined
In the Police Court.
Judge Greene stated that had the case
come to him a new one. without a govern
ing decision from the Supreme Court, he
would unhesitatingly decide in accordance
with the Judgment of the lower court. It
seemed to him. though, that the decision
of thft State Supreme Court In ex part©
Shobert laid down a rule which he felt
bound to follow. If the facts in the case
brought it within the ruling In the Sho
bert matter the court intimated thit
thf-re would be no choice for him but to
overrule Judge Smith in favor of the ap
pellant and his machines.
Bercovich was found guilty in the Polica
Court on an agreed statement of facts,
and Immediately appealed under the same
conditions. He was charged with con
ducting a banking game In violation of
the general State law.
The decision in the Shobert case was
that there was no violation of the law
when the amount of interest in excess
only of a certain sum to be obtained waa
to be determined by chance. Bercovich
claims to have guaranteed at least eight
cigars for every dollar played into ni3
machines.
Judge Greene Intimates a
Decision in Their
Favor.
»
Appeal of B. Bercovich From Polic©
SLOT MACHINES
MAY BE LEGAL
OAKLAND, Sept 26.-Deputy Dis
trict Attorney W. H. L. Hynes,
a promlne"nt young lawyer of this
city, haa accepted an invitation
from the Republican State Cen
tral Committee to stump the
State for McKlnley and Rooaevelt. Since
his admission to the bar the young man
has developed forensic abilities which
have attracted the attention of older
members of the profession. In political
affairs In Alameda County Mr. Hynes has
been an active Republican. His friends
are assureu that In the field of national
party labors his success will be marked
On October 1 Mr.\ Hynes will begin his
Itinerary, which has not yet been d&fl
nltely fixed. He • has placed himself In
the hands of the State Committee for as
signment to euch territory as its Judg
ment may dictate. It is probable that Mr.
Hynes will make a tour of the northern
part of California,
LONDON", Sept. 26.— At the Newmarket
first October meeting to-day the Great
Eastern Railway handicap, a sweepstakes
of 10 sovereigns each for starters, with
COO sovereigns added, for 3-year-olds and
upward, at six furlongs, was won by
Fpark II. Water Hen ran second and
Wild Irishman, ridden by Tod Sloan, was
third. Eighteen hor?es ran.
The result was a great surpris?, as J.
A. Drake's Sir Hercules, on which Lester
Relff had the mount, was confidently
backed at 2 to 1 against to win. Spark
II, a rank outsider, started at 20 to 1
against. The Newmarket October handi
cap of 500 sovereigns, by subscription ot
fifteen sovereigns each, for 8-year-olds
Spark II the Winner.
TOPEKA. Kans.. Sept. 26.— At the first ses
sion of the Kansas Good Roads Congress here
to-day. F. D, Coburn was elected permanent
and Robert 8tone secretary. James
H. Wilson. Secretary of Agriculture, arrived
to-day and will address the congress to-mor-
CHICAGO. Sept. 26.— Mrs. Claire Evanireline
O'Neill, charged with a violation of the bank
ruptcy law, came Into the United States court
to-day on a writ of habeas corpus and was
given her freedom under a J1000 bond until th«
examination October 8. Mrs. O'Neill has been
in the custody of the United States Marshal.
EDINBURGH. Sept. 26.— News has been re
ceived at Drummore, Liuce Bay, of a hurricane
at Oflord, Iceland, September 20. The wind. It
is said, blew 120 miles an hour. Nearly all the
fishing smacks were driven ashore, houses were
razed and several persons were killed. There
was great destruction of property.
•WASHINGTON. Sept. 2fi.— Secretary of the
Navy Long has gone to New York for a taw
days on private business. He Is expected to
return the latter part of this week or the first
of next.
GOTHA. Sept. 26. — The election for members
Of the Special Diet has resulted In the So
cialists getting nine out of nineteen seats.
TELEGRAPHIC BREVITIES.
OAKLAND, Sept. 26.-Mary Premvlelle.
the three-year-old daughter of Mr. and
Mrs. A. M. E. Premvlelle of 164 Sixth
Btreet, who was frightfully burned while
playing with matches yesterday after
noon, died this morning after terrible suf
fering. Though her body was blistered
from head to foot the burns were not
deep and Dr. O. L. Jones, the attending
physician, had hopes of the child's re
covery.
Late last night, however, the symptoms
showed that the little one had Inhaled
flames.- her death being caused bv inter
nal congestion.
Coroner Mehrmann will hold an Inquest
over the body to-morrow night.
DEATH RESULTS FROM
PLAYING WITH MATCHES
YOUNG ORATOR ACCEPTS
CALL TO STUMP THE STATE
Deputy District Attorney Hynes Develops Ability That Is
Recognized by Republican State Committee.
DEPUTY DISTRICT ATTORNEY W. H. L. HYNES, WHO.. THOUGH
YOUNG AT THE BAR. HAS DEMONSTRATED HIS POSSESSION OF
GREAT FORENSIC ABILITY,- '
About one-fourth of all tho agricultur
ists in Wurtemberg. Germany, are culti
vators of vineyards.
A steady diet of sulphur an.i molasses is
said to be a perfect protection against
mosquito bites. The insect is declared to
be antagonistic to the atmosphere that
Eurrounds a person who Indulges in that
method of driving the impurities of his
blood to the surface.
Torrne Preaches Free Coinatre.
f SANTA ANA. Sept. 28.— Hon. C. A.
Towne addressed a large audience In this
city this afternoon, speaking at the
Grand Opera-houpe. The greater portion
of the two hours' talk was devoted to the
money question, the speaker asserting
that the paramount issue of 185*. is the
paramount iseue of 1SO0. The question of
expansion -was omitted.
FRANKFORT, Ky.. Sept. 25.— The Dem
ocratic House caucus has at last agreed
upon an election Ml!, which provides that
the State Board shall consist of one Dem
ocrat end one Republican and a State of
ficer. They Fhall appoint the county
board*, one of two from each party, and
from lists submitted they shall appoint an
umpire.
This will give the Democrats a major
ity in each county board, hut the boards
shsJI have orly ministerial powers except
as to questioning ballots. It is said that
Hemocrats In the Senate -will readily ac
ccpt this compromise.
TJpon an Election Bill.
Democratic House Caucus Agrees
OOUPBOMISE IN KENTUCKY.
FT. PAUL. Minn.. Sept. 2fi.— A Winnipeg
(Manitoba) special says: G. E. Stevens,
a Methodist missionary at Oxford House,
In the district of Keewateen, In a. letter
dated September 1 r >, l'.'V*. states that dur
ing the late winter and earlv spring of
this year between twenty and thirty In
dians of the. Saultea-ux tribe residing near
Andy Lake died of siarvation. Ra-bbits
end deer have failed these people and al
though they eat even th« bark of trees
they Were not aMe to sustain life.
of Trees.
Hungry Men Eat the Bark
Game Is Scarce in the Keewateen and
MANY INDIANS HAVE
DIED OF STARVATION
BHAMOKIN. Pa.. Sept. 2S.—Rev. John
C. Konstankovieh, pastor of the Russian-
Greek church here and Vicar General of
the United State?, sprung a somewhat im
portant and unexpected surprise this
morning. He arnouncod that in the event
of the «=trike crntinulng until suffering
end destitution put in ?n appearance he
and his congregation had arranged to
mortgage the whole of their church prop
erty, valued at about S25.000. and divide
the prrcr-eds among the sufferers and in
th*» event of the strike being continued for
« long period the entire congregation will
leave the region.
Striking Miners.
How One Pastor Proposes to Aid
WILL MORTGAGE THE CHURCH.
TAMPA. Fla., Sept. M.— A general strlk*
-.• as ordered to-day in the cigar factories
< i" Fsr)<-h<--z shd Haya and Arguellec Lopez
<*.- JJros.. about 1>K» persona being thrown
<>:jt of work. The trouble arose over the
<•mpioyir.gr of three non-union workmen.
NORWICH. Conn., Sept. 25.— Two hun
tfrfd men employed by the Page Doiler
"'•rnpany went out on strike to-day when
informed that a voluntary increase of 10
per cer.t in wa.ges which was granted in
April of this year no longer could be paid,
i irrfng to lack of orders the company's
works were closrd five weeks ago and
o^frationf wcr" resumed this week.
Ft. [JOUIS. Srpt. 2<i.— The Republic Iron
and Steel Company's works in East St.
L')U:s. known as the Tudor Iron Works.
have resumed operations after a. suspen
sion of two months on account of failure
Lo agree upon a ware scale. An agreement
hns nrw- ber-n roach'^d and signed for the
ensuing year and upward of SOO men are
u t work.
ject to Non-Union Workmen.
.employes of Sanchez and Haya Ob-
CIGAR5IAKEHS QUIT WORK.
After the meeting had been completed
the visitors were shown through the civil
and mining engineering buildings by Pro
fessor Soule. Professor S. 13. Christy, Pro
fessor H. I. Randall and L. E. Hunt.
They also looked over other points of in
terest at the State Institution.
Mr. Mead, who arrived here Friday, will
return to Washington about Saturday.
"We have taken up the Irrigation prob
lem from every Bide it presents," said
Professor Soule, "and will recommend to
the Agricultural Department some needed
legislation by Congress. Probably there
will also be needed some legislation in
this Stale."
"The reports are private," said Mr.
Mead, "and for the present their contents
cannot be made known. They will be
published soon by the Department of Ag
riculture. The gentlemen have been car
rying on their work of investigation out
here for some time past. 1 can hardly
state at present what difficulties Califor
nia has to overcome in irrigation matters;
the reports were long and will need care
ful study."
In their reports the gentlemen covered
the problem of irrigation in all its phases;
they took up the question on the eide of
the farmer and of the canal companies
of the State and of the national Govern
ment. Particularly will the commission
endeavor to secure some legislation which
will 6top litigation over water rights.
William E. Smythe, who had prepared
a report on Susan River, and Edward M.
Boggs, who had had prepared a report on
Los Angeles River, were absent.
Each member of the commission has
been lnveKtipatlrn? the irrigation problems
of a certain typical stream of water in
this State, and they presented their re
ports as follows: Professor J. M. Wilson
of the ITniversity of Nevada, on the irri
gation problems of Cache Creek: Profes-
Bor C D. Marx of Stanford University.
Salinas River; Professor Frank Soule of
the ITniversity of California, San Joaquln
Kiver; H. I). Connick of San Krancisco,
representing Marsden Manson, Yuba
River; F. C. Hermann of San Krancisco,
representing C. E. Grunsky, Kings River;
James U. Schuyler of Los Angeles, water
right problems of Sweet Water.
The gentlemen of the commission have
been conducting their Investigations under
the general direction of Elwood Mead
from the office of experimental stations,
United States Department of Agriculture.
Mr. Mead, who was present at the meet
ing, has charge of this particular line oi
work In the West.
BERKELEY. Sept. 26.— The Irrigation
Commission of this State, which has been
working under the Department of Agricul
ture at Washington and the California
Water and Forest Association, met to
day in the civil engineering building of
the State University. Reports upon the
Irrigation problems In California were
made and from these reports recommen
dations will be r-refiented to Congress and
the State Legislature for the passage of
bills which the commission considers
necessary for the furtherance of irriga
tion here. Particularly will an effort be
made to stop litigation over water rights.
Commissioners Meet Elwood
Mead of Agricultural
Department.
AS TO PROBLEMS
OF IRRIGATION
GRAND FORKS. N. D.. Sept. 26.— At a
meeting of the Republican State Central
Committee to-day a letter was received
from Governor Fancher, who was renomi
nated, in which he withdrew from the
ticket because of bad health. He is now
at Sacramento, Cal. The committee ad
vanced Frank White of Valley City, the
candidate for Lieutenant Governor, to the
first place and put David Bartlett of
Cooperstown in White's stead.
Fancher Withdraws.
and upward. Rt a mile and a half, was
won by Sardonic II. with C. Jenkins up
The Boscawen (Post) stakes of 100 sov
ereigns each for 2-year-olds, at one mile,
seven furlongs and flfty-*ix yards, was
won by Lord Ellesm«?re's chestnut colt
Warning, with L. Reiff in the paddle.
±ourtn.
OAKTvAXD. Sept. 26.— Word has been
received from Jurlpe A. L». Hart of Sac
ramento that he will be able to coma to
this city on Thursday of next week to
hear the water rate suit which was set
for that date by stipulation on condition
that Judgro Hart could be present. It is
expected that the oft-delayed trial will
go on at that time. Several days will
probably be occupied In the hearing.
hart consents to
stipu:lated date
Sacramento Judge Will Sear the
Water Bate Suit on October '
Fourth.
Chairman Mott declared that a test of
the law now in operation as to assess
ments might give the relief demanded and
enable the city to make an assessment
independent of the county's figures, which
are based upon the needs of the State and
county-
When the tax levy ordinance was sub
mitted this year Chairman Frank Mott
of the Finance Committee called atten
tion in much detail to the falling off of
assessment valuations and the consequent
reduction of revenue for municipal pur
poses. It -was shown that there was not
money enough for the ordinary operating
expenses of the city government, which
are now on a most economical basis, even
to niggardly methods. Streets are going
to ruin by miles and the annexed terri
tory is receiving only a modicum of at
tention.
The move has been prompted because ot
the steady decrease In the valuation of
city property which has been made by the
County Assessor. Under the city charter
these figures have been accepted by City
Assessors .without change, the charter
saying:
"The assessment of property- within the
city made by the County Assessor of Ala
meda County and the State Board of
Equalization shall be the basis of taxa
tion for the city."
Under this reading City Assessors have
not touched the figures given them by the
County Assessor except where there may
have been an omission of property from
the tax roll.
To this end Assessor Breed has arbi
trarily raised the assessments $100 each
upon both the real estate and the personal
property holdings of A. B. Kye, F. P..
Girard and H. D. Rowe. It is understood
that neither of these taxpayers proposes
to institute the suit of himself, because
of the expense that would result. The
question of meeting the cost of the litiga
tion Is now in the hands of the Finance
Committee of the City Council.
In accordance with the suggestions con
tained In the recent report of the City
Council Committee on Finance Assessor
Breed has taken the first step toward a
suit to test the city's right to raise the
valuations of property for assessment
purposes as made by the County As
sessor.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Sept. 2G.
First Steps for Increase of
Revenue of the City
by Taxation.
TESTING THE LAW
ON ASSESSMENTS
The united Swedish societies In this
city and Alameda County will commemo
rate "Our Forefathers' Day," or the
landing of the Swedes in Delaware, 162S,
Saturday evening. September 29, In the
Turn Vereln Hall, 323 Turk street. The
celebration will be given under the aus
pices of the Swedish Singing Society and
will consist of a grand concert and ball.
The music will be furnished by Professor
Pihlstrom's band and local talent will
assist to make the event a success.
Swedish "Forefathers' Day."
VENTURA. Sept. 2<5.— Miss Bertha Roth has been elected queen of the
Ventura Street Fair. Misa Roth led with «?73 votes over Miss Helen
Nidever. who polled 6544 votes. Mrs. Charles B. McDonell was third
with 3964 votes and Miss Lewanee Woodruff of vHueneme fourth with
3063 votes. There were numerous other candidates, but they were all
distanced.
Miss Roth Is a native of this city and Is an exceedingly popular and handsome
young lady. She Is the eldest daughter of Joseph Roth, a pioneer merchant of
Ventura.
The ladles of the Tuesday Club have made the following appointments to the
court of the queen: Maids of honor—MIf*ea Maude McGonigle, Birdie Eastin,
Pansy Brewster and Edna G. Chrisman. Courtiers — Ed M. Selby, Albert T. Eaves!
Cyrus Bogart and Harry A. Glasscock. Master of ceremonies— L. B. Slosson'
Court jester— I. McDavid. Pages— Misses Margaret Kauff man and Marjorie Shil
llng-sburg. Heralds— Charles Orr and William Ned. The queen will appoint addi
tional attendants to her court.
THERE Is a depression In the main
driveway of the park just oppo
site the lodge, and suspecting that
it was caused by the antics of
some unballasted horseman. Su
perintendent McLaren has taken an 1m
preSBlcn Of the snme in order to do the
Cinderella act and find out who has been
defacing th? city's property. He will not
Save f~r to go. for hU model of the dent
in the road will Just about fit the figure
of John C. Wilson, when arrayed in his
riding trousers.
Wilson, who is a member of the big coal
firm of J. C. Wilson. & Co.. took an after
noon off yesterday and sought to spend
It In the park. He got out his best rid
ing costume and his favorite horse, and
about the time the driveways were most
crowded, he started westward. He met
many vehicles, among them one on busi
ness bent, with a telescopic ladder shoot-
Ing out cf a scaffolding high enough to
allow the men on the wagon to climb up
to the electric wires and do necessary re
pairing. It was a weird creation, eug
pesting an ancient catapult or gentleman s
wall sealer, and. very properly, it was
viewed with suspicion by all but the auto
ni«biles. It v.a.« not on an automobile,
however, that Wilson cantered up to the
thing, or McLaren would not be planning
road repairs;. it wns a senfitive horse that
hauled alongside just as the electricians
shot two links of the ladder skyward and
The electricians applauded freely and
volunteered to be present any time Mr.
Wilson wishes to repeat his performance.
Those who saw It say that Mr. Wilson's
flight was as pretty an exhibition of un
horsemanship as has been seen in the
park. There is some difference of opinion
as to the number of his turns, but there is
none as to how he hit the ground. Had
he had time and a bicycle pump, he might
have inflated the slack of his trousers
and landed more gracefully and with a
proper rebound, but the horse waited for
no preliminaries, and so Mr. Wilson had
to go on with his act at once. As it was.
his impact jarred open some backward
buds in the surrounding llower gardens,
and with his spurs he cleverly cut '16 to 17
in the macadam as he came down; but
from his choice of a landing place, a
chuck hole was left In the roadway.
Wilson's act was greeted with applause
by the select crowd that watched him,
for in many ways It was a success. A
small boy retrieved his hat and a young
lady kindly returned what was left of his
riding crop. One of the park hands held
up his feet to let the gravel run out of
his boots and In other ways kindly assist
ance was rendered by those present.
The horse did not return, so Mr. Wil
son, declining an encore, cantered home
on a cable car. He chose a car that was
already crowded.
commenced to shin up as if engaged in a
scratch race to the clouds. The horse
objected to this desecration of the land
scape, and without more ado he added
Mr. Wilson to the foreground and hurried
away.
MR. A.VILSOX SUDDENLY PARTS COMPANY WITH HIS HORSE AND
DOES SOME GROUND AND LOFTY TUMBLING. TO THE EDIFICA
TION OF THE BYSTANDERS AND THE DAMAGE OF THE ROAD.
Felix Marchand.
MONTREAL. Quebec. Sept. 25— Felix
?.TarrJiand. Premier of Quebec;, died last
night.
RXOXVILLE, Trnn., Sept. 2<i.— The 4*1
Ftriklner miners of the Coal Creek Coal
Company returned to work to-day. The
crass scale demanded by the miners was
:i^ce<^ed to.
Strikers Resume Work.
HAVANA. Sept. V,.— Dr. Lazr.ir. one of
:hr»e medical experts who came to Ha
vana to study yellow fever, died to-day of
-hat disease. Of the other two. Dr. Car
roll contracted i he fever but has recovered
a~<1 Pr. R*-*»d has returned to the fnited
Pates.
Dr. Lazear.
BANTA ROSA. Sept. 20.— Michael Car
r n. on" of the oldr-ft employes of th"
'"aiifornSa Northwestern Railway. dieJ at
t home this mominp after an illness
lasting several weeks. He leaves a la-p*
family ar.d w;is possessed of considerable
property.
Michael Carroll.
G^orgre F. Drew.
JACKSONVILLE. Fla.. S'-pt. 2G.—
Gr-oree F. Drew, the first Democratic
Governor of Florida after the war. died
r.t hi? borne here this afternoon, aged 73
yr-rirp. Two hour? before his death his
wife died from the effects of a stroke of
apoplexy.
LOKPOIC, FV-t. rv.-Enrl Howe CR'.ch-
Brd William P^r.n Carzon-Howe) Is dend.
At) his son. Viscount CiiTon. who is a
< ardidato for Parllsmmt In the South
F^ick'.nghamshire district, sucoeeiis to the
peerage the Conservntlves will now nomi
rat« for Parliament William Henry Oran
¦ '. the relr-hrated sprrtsman. for South
i tin klnghasishlre.
Etirl Howe.
3Irs. SEeica Albano.
f pedal Pi^atr-h to Trio cvi.
PAN RAFAEL. Pf P t. 28.'— Mr*. Meka Al
fcsn>>. the oMest resident of this city, died
tit her home on B street at an early hour
this morning. Mr*. A'bano was over 00
years of ap<». Her hu^hand. who was
rf-out her own ppe. oied last year Thev
):s>C thirjeert children, all of i\hcm are
pow dead with the exception of one. Mrs.
Aibr.no came here about fifty yeais ago.
5ke £)ay*s Pead t
4
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
111^ Broadway. Sept. 23.
Miss Cr>ra R. Friend was struck by the
wst-hnun-t broad-pa upe , local train
at the Twenty-third avenue station at
2 o'clock This afternoon and fatally
injured. Her skull was fractured in Fev
r-ral r'aces. both feet were crushed and
amber of minor cuts and bruises com
pleted her injuries. Whon taken to the
:.¦'¦«-. vinp Hospital. fcCfos Friend lapsed into
• ¦• nsdeusnesa and the surgeon an
need that death was certain. Fearing
« result of the shock that would follow
the* did not operate on the woman.
Miss triend had come from San Fran
cisco to visit a friend. Mrs. M. Uarry. of
, v. crty-third rfvenue. and started to cross
;.u> track as the train passed the station
Its way to the mole. She was noticed
pjr the flagman, who CESffbt at her clolh-
Lng and cautioned her r.ot to attempt t?
rosss in front of the engine.
Arrordirc to ¦rttneoces this stayed th«
woman for an irstar.t. Then with a h«s
Uatirg ge.^turo sh*> leaped directly In
front of the rapid > moving engine." She
was struck by tht- «C.ot and roiied to one
Fide of the ra!!s. The wheels of several
tars passed over her legs at the ankles.
When pkkr.1 up Miss Friend was con
fcIous. but refused to tell why she mad"*
the attrrr.pt to cross the track in ad vane
of the train. The injured woman is 2$
yearn of age. Bho is a native of Texas
end a mulatto.
Miss Cora R. Friend of San
Francisco Fatally
Injured.
RUN DOWN BY
LOCAL TRAIN
The dead man wan twenty-eight years
old and the husband of Mrs, Emily Brown
and father of Ethel Brown. There also
survive him his mother, Mrs. Jesslo
Brown, and the following sisters and
brothers: Mrs. Eva Damon, Mrs. Minnie
Anderson, Mrs. Nettie Curley, Miss Jessie
Brown and Grenvllle Brown.
Brown's companions In that fatal ride,
Charles Kelly and Max Jacobs, will be
tried before Justice Morris In Alameda to-
"I demanded police protection from the
Coroner because of threats which were
made against me yesterday by a brother
of Brown, who said he would 'fix me' If
Brown should die. I notified the man
that I would be ready If anything of that
kind was in the air."
When the news of Rrown's death reach
ed Policeman MacRae. he snld: "I deeply
regret that this has occurred, but I can
not feel other than that I was doing my
duty in trying, to stop these men from get
ting away from me. I am ready to go be
fore the Coroner's jury and tell the truth
about the occurrence, feeling that I shall
not suffer.
Dr. S. H. Buteau. who held the autopsy,
found that Brown died from pneumonia
caused by the outlet wound In the lung,
aivl from hemorrhage.
Coroner Mehrmann has ordered an In
quest to be held to-morrow night at the
Curley residence. The family refused to
allow Brown's body to be removed to the
Morgue. ITpon application of MacRae,
the Coroner this* afternoon made request
for police protection at the Inquest for
the policeman . because he declared that
relatives and friends of the deceased ex
pressman had made threats to do him
violence In the event of the wounded
nan's death. Chief of Police Hodgkins
will have a squad of policemen present to
maintain order. The family insist that
MacRae will not be molested, and that
In view of his arrest, they will permit
the law to take its course. They feel,
however, that the shooting was unjusti
fiable from the fact that the offense for
which Brown and his companions had
been arrested was only a misdemeanor.
Myron Brown, who was shot by PoMce
man George MacRa<? at Alameda' Sunday
night, diod this mornlnp at the residence
of his sister. Mrs. N. Curlcy. 363 Fifth
street, where ho had been taken after the
X-ray search for the bullet was made.
Immediately upon Brown's death, Gren
vllle Brown, a brother, swore to a com
plaint bofore District Attorney Allen, ac
cusing the policeman of murder. MacRae
gave himself in;o custody at the Alameda
police station, and he will be held with
out ball.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
HIS Broadway, Sept. 26.
Officer Surrenders Upon a Warrant
Accusing Him of Murder — Fears
Threats of 3>3ad Man's
Relatives.
Myron Brown Dies From
. the Wound Inflicted by
Folicsman.
MACRAE'S SHOT
IS A FATAL ONE
JOHN C. WILSON'S GREAT
FEAT OF UNHORSEMANSHIP
Leaves HU Saddle Suddenly, and After a Short Flight
Digs a Dent in the Roid With His Riding Trousers.
C
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 27, 1900.
Miss Bertha Roth's Popularity Gives Her the Victory
irwa Spirited Battle of Ballots.
CHOSEN TO REIGN OVER
VENTURA'S STREET FAIR
MISS BERTHA ROTH, ONE OF VENTURA'S CHARMING DAUGHTERS.
WHO HAS AFTER A LIVELY VOTING CONTEST BEEN ELECTED
QUEEN OF THE COMING STREET FAIR AT THAT PLACE.
London Is at last to have a complete
ambulance service. There Is no place In
the world where it Is so much needed.
11
Total Assets $7,737,843 TJ
LIABILITIES. " ~
Losses adjusted and unpaid '
Losses In process of Adjustment or
In Suspense $1 40.000 CO
Losses resisted. Including ei-
pensea
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-'
nlng one year cr less; reinsur-
ance *S0 per cent
Gross premiums on Fin Risks run- (37.674 43
nlng more than one year; rein-
surance pro rata
Liability under Life Department 5.172.5S0 27
Cash dividends remaining unpaid..... 12,653 23
Due and to become due for bor-
rowed money 53.333 33
All other demands against the Com-
pany 24S.349 41
Total Liabilities $8,282,537 H)
INCOME. ~ ~
Net- cash actually received for Fir*
premiums $1,609,442 14
Received for interest on Bonds and
Mortgages 2SO.8C3 11
Received from all other sources 1.023,082 2\
Total Income $2,913,327 43
EXPENDrTCRES. — — ¦
Net amount paid for Fire Losses $745,847 23
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 611.143 04
Paid for Salaries. Fees, and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc 134 943 si
Paid for State. National and Local
taxes 20.M4G4
All other payments and expenditures 1,429.431 07
Total Expenditures CS42.631 IS
Fire losses incurred during the year. $743. 887 23
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up in
Cash $533,533 13
ASSETS. ~~ ~~~
Real Estate owned by Company $663,000 CO
Loans on Bond* and Mortgages 2.941.141 It
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company 3,297.815 94
Amount of Loans secured by pledge
of Bond*, Stocks, and other mar-
ketable securities aa collateral 1.1M.R7 »7
Cash In Banks 137.132 30
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans : 71,931 29
Premiums In due Coarse of Collection 40,335 73
Due from Agents 111.132 62
Due from other Companies 283.243 90
Other Assets ».l»4 45
SVEA
FIREANDLIFE
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF GOTHENBURG. SWEDEN, ON THE
Slst day of December, A. D. 1899. apd for
the year ending on that day. aa made to the
Imrurance Commissioner of the State of Cali-
fornia, pursuant to the itfovlstons of sections
610 and 611 of th« Political Code, condensed as
per blank furnished by the Commissioner.
—OF THE—
-OF THE—
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
STATEMENT
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Fire Losses
(Including $151,713 26. losses of pre-
vious years) $857.513 94
Deposit premiums returned 17.313 04
Dividends to Stockholders....: 40,000 00
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 255.597 98
Paid for Salaries. Fees, and other
charges for otflcers, clerks, etc.... 49,200 00
Paid for State, National, and Local
taxes ¦> 4«.««3 32
AH other payments and expend-
itures • 157.46*64
Losses adjusted and unpaid J62.681 34
Lossen tn process of Adjustment or
In Suspense 103.208 24
Losses resisted. Including expenses... 4.595 71
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or less, 1967,503 00;
reinsurance 50 per cent 483,75150
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year. $382.-
684 05- reinsurance pro rata 495.543 81
Amount reclalmable by the insured
on perpetual Fire Insurance policies 569,820 94
Commission? and Brokerage due and
to become due 18.000 .05
Totai Liabilities .$1,737,506 62
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for Fire
premiums $1. 203.561 20
Net cash actually received for pre-
miums on perpetual Risks 20,971 94
Received for Interest on Bonds and
Mortgages E6.170 SS
Received for Interest and dividends
on Bonds, Stocks, Loans, artU from
all other nources 43.W3 21
Received for Rents 10.188 63
Received from all other sources 7,953 11
Total Income $1,341.9:3 07
Total Assets $2,626,441 IS
LIABILITIES.
Real Estate owned by Company $408,451 71
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages 1,011.477 71
Cash Market Value of all Stocks
and Bonds owned by Company 829,341 25
Amount of Loans secured by pledgs
of • Bonds. Stocks, and other mar-
ketable securities as collateral 63.100 (V)
Cash in Company's Offlce 9.148 03
Cash In Banks 153.983 44
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 62 50
Intere»t due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages 15.455 64
Premiums in due Course of Collection 120,003 13
Bills receivable, not Matured, taken
for Fire and Marine Risks, ground
rents, well secured 21.320 00
Rents due and accrued 8.999 89
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up in
Cash J300.000 00
ASSETS. ~
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF PHILADELPHIA, IN THE STATE OF
Pennsylvania, on the list day of Decem-
ber, A. D. 1S99, and for the year ending on that
day, as made to the Insurance Commissioner of
th« State of California, pursuant to the pro-
visions of sections 610 and 611 of the Political
Code, condensed as per blank furnished by the
Commissioner.
-OF THE—
AMERICAN FIRE
STATEMENT
—OF THE—
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
Total Expenditures SM23.T33 84
Klre losses Incurred during the year. IS76. 1S8 02
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during the
year $140.84«.04S $1,592.447 75
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
year 129.00O.3S7 1.475.133 M
Net amount - In force
December 31. 1S99 178.787,137 1,950.087 05
GENERAL AGENTS,
411-413 California Street,
San Fr&sciseo, Cal.
EDWARD BROWN & SONS,
OLOK -WIJK. Prea"t.
ERNEST BRING. Sec'y.
Subscribed and ««rom to before me, this 30th
day of March, 1»00. OUDM. AKERMARK.
--.- .iv. Notary Public.
Risks and Premiums. Ftr« Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written durinr the
year $430,r3,M4 t2.ZW.ZX) 33
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
year 208.997.845 1.018. 463 S?
Net amcunt In force
December 31. 1S39 E2.sei.«TO 1.303.991 91
GENERAL AGENTS,
411-413 California Street,
£a:x Franoisoo, C&L
EDWARD BROWN & SONS,
THOS. H. MONTGOMERY/, Pre»'t.
RICH'D MARIS. Sec'y.
f-ubperibed and sworn to befor* me. thin 29th
day of January. 1900. H. F. REARDON,
Notary Public.
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIANA BITTERS. THB
ereat Mexican remedy; rives health anct
•utagth to sexual orgaas. Depot. S3 Muk 4 -,THE SAX FRANCISCO CAI/L, SEPTEMBER 27, 1900.
12
SAX F11AXC1SCO CALL.
TJTTSINESS OFFICE of The Saa Francisco
Call, comer of Market and Third streets, open
ur.til 12 o'clock every nijrfct in the year.
BKANCH OFFICES— K7 Montgomery street,
corner Ciay; or*n until S:30 p. m.
SOO Hayes street: open until 3:30 p. ra,
C?S McAllister rtrect: rpen until S:SO p. m.
f'.S I.h:",v:n etreet: open until 9:30 p. xn.
;S<1 Mission etreet: open until 10 p. m.
rtCl Market etreet. corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 p. rn.
3'* Eleventh street: open until 1p.m.
1O5>6 Valencia street; cj>en until 9 p. m.
Northwest comer Twenty-second and Kto-
toeky streets; open until 9 p. xn.
MEETIKG >OTICES.
MISSION "chaoier ~No. 75, ~R. A. Si.— ~~f»
BpedaJ r.uctir.s THIS (THURSDAY) _JV.
EVENING. 7:20 o'clock. Mission M»- >JL2\
fn:Ac T»-rcrle. TSCS MlsMon Ft. Marfc/^r>
Master dctrree. 13 y order of the H. P.
JNO. XI. HILLMAN. Secretary.
CALIFORNIA Lodge No. 1. F. and A. «
M.. will mc-et THIS (THURSDAY) J^_
EVENING. ScjitemlHT J7. at 7:3 "'SL/\
o'clock. Thini decree. By ordfr of'^P'
the Master. FRANKLIN H. DAY.
Secretary.
FIDELITY L'jdge No. 120. F. and A. ¦>
M. -Social mf-etinc THIS (THl'RS- _#V_
DAY) EVENING, at T JO o'clock. First /fcJK
dfgre*. Masons sordially invited. By I A
order of the W. II.
FREDERICK BARRY. Secretary.
KING Eolomon's Lodge No. WO. F. and 4
A. M. — The officers and members are •*
requested to attenS the funeral of our 2f
deceased brother, JOHN HENRY r*B^
rF.OST. from the Masonic Temple, on FRI-
DAY. September IS, at 1:SO o'clock p. m. By
cnier cf the Master.
HARRY BAEHR. Secretary.
FOVTH SAN FRANCISCC Lodge No. m
2:2, F. and A. M.— Meets THIS JK-
itht;rsday> evening, at 7-30 3TJT
o'clock. First dfgTee. By order of the •
Xatwr. E. C. HAKE. Recretary-
THE S. F. Scottish Thistle Club »¦€/>.
meets THIS (THURSDAY) EVEN- 3V, tAOj
ING. Fraternity Hall. 22 OTarrell "W^Lfic
t-V. at S o'clock. "Smoker" fol- *"*
1,-Sr JOHN ROSS, Royal Chief.
GEORGE W. PATEKSON. Recorder.
•WOnnMKN of the World. __^_T!1
Golden Gate Camp No. la
4 Members ore hereby
notified to at^nd the Cj^-WOfffiffiHj
bor. JAMES ANDERSON.
THl'RSDAT. at 2.3" o'clock p. m.. from the
chRpe! OCA Fe'lows' Cemetery.
B. R- KNOKLMAN. Consul Commander.
STOCKHOLDERS' MEETING— Notice iehereby
given that the annual meeting of the etock-
boldera of THB HANK OF CALIFORNIA
v. ;:i i^* held at the banking house In this city j
on TUKSPAY. October 9. lVjQ, at 11 o'clock I
e m. By order of the Board of Directors.
ALLEN M. CLAY. Secretary.
STOCKHOLDERS' MEETING — Pursuant to
resolution of the hoard of directors, a meet-
ir.r of the stockholders of The Slme Company
will bo held at the principal place of buslnefP
of Bald comjiany. viz.. rooms 36-37 of the Sth
flr»or. Mills building. Pan Francisco. Cal.. on
WEDNESDAY, the^ SlFt day of October. 19w,
at 1:20 o'clock p. in. The object of the meet-
ins is to diminish the capital stock tt> 12500.
or 12'a ofnte per chare, and to transact such
otber business as may come before the meet- j
luff. ALP.KRT C. AIKEN. President. |
Dated August 22. 1900.
ANNT'AL mw tlr.c— The regular annual meeting
of the stockholders of the FVrndale Petroleum.
oi; rnd Development Company will be held
at the offlce of the company. 222 Sansome St..
room 21 second lloor. Pan Francisco. Cal.. on
MONDAY, the l£t day of October. 1900. for
the purpose of electing a board of directors
to ferve fcr the ensuing year and the transac-
tion cf such other business as may come be-
fcre the meeting. CHAS. H. CUSHING. Sec.
AGEXTS WA.VTED.
JC'i TO »iu da I!}' ma<ie by our Live Acents,
iron or women, felling our latest novelty.
ca-Trpa-ipn wat^rproof neckties: goods entirely
new ar.il patented; agents delighted; sales uu-
llMllei; vhat otherc do you can do; write to-
day; pec-jre exclusive territory: guaranteed
l, e? t seller. Address, with stamp. M. & M.
MANFG. CO.. Dept. C. Springfield. Mass.
AGENTS— Do ynu want something more proflt-
atle ami •¦asiT to sell than books or Insur-
ance? Add. F. PERSON, r. 4:2. Parrott bldg.
AGENTS of ability and exjxrlence in life Insur-
ance. Call at room 101. S37 Market, cor. Sixth.
¦\VE hand!" newest novelties for agents.
CIFIC AOKNTP' PI'PPLY CO.. ?.4€1 ISth st.
ASI'IIALTISI KOOFIXG.
J. PELTIER, asphalt roofing, sidewalks; cellar
ft-wv-s ls1<J ?vT>air«*l: r">«=t»l. US* Ml«s'on st.
ASTROLOGY.
MME. HICKEY. astrologist : card reading and |
jalmistry. 25c: horoscopes cast. 1923 Mission. |
IK C T. TAYLOR. FolentiJic astrologer, ccm-
ptrtea horoscope* by l*tol°my method. 7C6 Mkt.
ATTOUNEVS AT LAW.
R. W. KING, attorney at law, £27 Market St.,
room ClT; estates, damages, attachments,
bankruptcy, collections; all cases; fair fees;
no advance charces: money loaned on estates.
ADVICE free; divorce law a. specialty; private;
no f .f* without success; collections. G. \V.
HOWE, atty at law. S50 Market. cor.Stockton.
FHEE advice; divorce laws, damages, •¦states.
collections. J. A. Mitchell, 214 Montgomery. I
ADVICE free; no charpe unless successful. W. I
\v. Davidson, srr Market st.. opp. Mason. ;
L S CLARK. Hmma Pi.reckels bldg.. 927 Mar- j
Vet st.: consultation free; no fees In advance.
It A Til CAIJI.VKTS.
HORINPON $.", 4-paneI folding; door opens; firm
ar.d safe. W. S. BROWN, een. act.. 425 mils.
poinniKc Fou aiiLDREX.
UTOOW would like 2 children to board; fur-
r.'.rheii rooa fcr parent. 249 Shipley st.
Hi mm>s CUASCBS.
A-MOoTrestaURANT on Valencia St.; rent
J2j. or with 7 furnished rooms, $700; rent $43
for all: good plac*-; death of child cause of
¦eUnt; a bargain. See R. G. WILKE, 26*4
Ktarcij- st.
A-JCO; REFTAl'RANT. 2 blocks north of
Chronicle building; first-class prices; rent
$3r.; own»r wishes to sell on account of other
i.u»!ne*s ™e»6em«it». Call R. G. WILKE,
26H K.-arn> tt.
A-tIM: CHOPHOUSK: close to City Hall; rent
J3;: daily receipts 121.
A U»A) bakery: 1 block from Call building;
<ia.il y reretpts $20; only store trade. Sec R.
O. WILKE. 2C4 Kearny tt.
A-41300: SAI/X)N with 10 furnished rooms.
c!<n-e to new Hall of Justice; place established
many y«-ars and doing a good business; owner
er.gaped otherwise cause of sale. Call R. G.
WlLKi;. 20'., Kearny rt.
A— SALOON with S furnished rooms; rent $40;
place doins a eood business; in neighborhood
of warehouses and factories; commercial
lunch from 11 to 1 o'clock; a rare chance.
¦a!! R. O. WILKE. 26^ Kearny Et.
A— r.400: SALOON: established many years;
hair a block north of Mason and Market;
i-er.t J7i; a first-class, paying, place; partners
<ant atree cause of eale. See R. G. WILKE.
26\, Kearr.y Et.
.A— $1100; OOBKEB rroeery and bsj-; choicest
location in the Mission; rent 135; 4 living
100ms; place established years; owner, a
widow, watits to retire. Call K. G. WILKIi.
I'C'-i Kearny ft.
1.^5— -CIGAIi nore on Market et- : 3 living
rooms; low rent; value in sight for $350; death
cause of sale. M. LESS & CO.. 76i Market. |
A— C00; CO11NKR grocery asd bar; south of
Market: old-«stablished; 4 living rooms: cheap
- rfnt : ° : 3 *gg cause sale. M. LESS. 765 Market.
f; L00—CORNER saloon and lunch house; down-
town; magnificently fitted up; large, flrst-clas*
etcck: paying. M. LESS & CO.. 76S Market.
A— IIAIRUKESSING; good business; 3 employ-
M ; ?C5- KREDO £l DUTTON, 26 Geary st.
A -DELICATESSEN; eU. 6 yn..; %V, dally;
worth seeing; JSiO. Krt-do & L»utton. 3G G^ary.
BRANCH bakery. SKsTcor.; valu^Tln stock; 4
mis.; rent Jli. KRBDO & DUTTON, 26 Geary.
A -SAY. FISHER & CO., have you lodging- '
houses? Yes; what price? J3O0 up, any loca-
tion desired; '.2 rooms. £300; 10 rooms, $400' 10
rooms, new. jyjo, fine: 10 rooms, bargain. J750-
z: roams, vm. snap; all sizes, an prices, all
i:ew harrains: call and see us. 1032 Market.
SCT.&— MILLINERY business: an elegant™piaee-
full va'.ue in stock; living-rooms; rheap renf
a hurcein. LANK & CO.. SCO Market st.
SAHGAIN; saloon; fine location and business-
ihj nisht work; come quick. LANE. SC5 Mrkt.
WE have ~la.rz<:ft list cf saloons, hotels, gro-
reries, cipar stores, etc., in the dty. Call
SCHWEINHARD & CO.. 9:7 Market St.. be-
tween Fitth and Kirth. telephone Mint 1S1L
IfALF or controlling interest In rich gravel
jrojwrty: favorable terms to right parties.
W. K. FLETCHER, room 45, Sth Coor. Mllli
building, 10 to 12 *. m.
OUOC12RY and bar: good location: established
tl5 year*: stock In Fight for full purchase price.
Apply W. L. IIAKPKR. 213 Hearst bldg.
i:F.STAt:itANT with living rooms: good loca-
tion; seising cheap on account of sickness.
Box 4440. Call.
PO T 'TU cf 7>>Q subscribers on a leading dally
"ror sale, rncrelre bo* <Wt CM.
nyrER wsnted for BaJoon: death cause of eale;
tursain. Owner. 269 O'Farrtl! st.
nrsiNESS CHANCES — CONTINUED.
FOR Faie— isfiOO; an old-establiJihed horseshoe-
ing bu.-lnes.-, near city; Includes shop and
tods; averages 29 horses dally; tirfct-clafcs
price* : preeent owner wishes to retire. Ad-
dr<*s box 4923. Call oface. for particulars.
FOR eale — Drug Etore.: large town; central Cal-
ifornia; finest location; new stock and fix-
tures; good paying prescription business; in-
voice JISOO; low expense. E. R. C, care
Langley & Michaels Co.. 40 Flnet st.
FOR SALE — Grocery and bar doing a good
bujir.epn. Call or address 31 Cedar avenue;
no agents.
SALOON for tale; opposite the ferry. Apply
111 F.ast «., north of Market: no agents.
FOR fale— Delicacy store: must be sold on ac-
count of sickness. 508 Turk st.
PLUMBING shop, stock, phop tools, horse and
wagon for sale. Addrese box 4401, Call.
BARBER wants to buy 15-cent shop or half ln-
terest downtown. Box 4415. Call offlce.
FOR SALE— Klondyke Oyster House; money
maker; cause sickness. 126 Third St., at 12 m.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CAS WELL & CO.. 412 Sacramento St.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
Fubscriptions has been eetablished at 109C Va-
lencia et.
LODUIXG-HOVSE3 FOIL SALE.
MARIOjTHmF^^r^MTrkTr^rrroora^
8 rooms; N. Mkt.; rent $30; clean; resp.. U50
10 rooms; rtnt $45; extra good; refined...- COO
15 rooms; A No. 1: clears $60; piano 1200
19 rooms; central corner: fine; bonton.... 1100
20 rooms; always full; rent $60; a snap.. 600
40 rooms; 3 bks N Mkt; low rent: H caah. 2700
60 rooms. 1200. TOCO. 2500 (all paying) 7000
60- ROOM house; down town; must be sold.
15-room house on Turk St.; $500.
22-rocm house on Geary; central.
10-rcom house on Turk st. ; very cheap.
Houses all sizes from $100 to $500; some great
bargains. Call and Inspect our list.
EMERY A SMITH. 3 Eddy st.
SPECIAL BARGAINS
14 rooms, corner, north of Market $560
24 rooms; $600 cash. bal. $10 monthly 1000
83 rooms, great sacrifice, sickness 1700
68 rooms; corner; rent $125; see It 2200
R. H. WINSTON & CO., 1026 Market st.
A— 22-ROOM rooming-house: central $1000
Il-room house; $300 down; balance easy... 600
2fi-room house; first-class 1060
11-room house: $475; 6-room flat 325
FISHER & CO.. 1032 Market at.
A SPECIAL INDUCEMENT. CALL ON
KREDO & DUTTON. 36 Geary Bt.
$701 cash for 50 rooms; new: Installments.
$3W for 14 rooms; Geary: $35 profit.
$4r.c only for 14 rooms: Post; worth $900.
LOIXi ING-HOUSE 'buyers, attention— Houses
nt reduced prices: genuine bargains; «Ueg and
location to suit; money loaned. SCHWEIN-
HARD & CO., 917 Market St., between Fifth
and Sixth; phone 1911.
FI'RNIPHED house. 10 rooms; all occupied:
location ; rent cheap. 12SV4 Ninth Et. ; no
npents.
LODGIXG-HOL'SES TO LET.
A — 30- ROOM hotel; modern; large lot; 2 stores;
always full; or suitable for sanitarium; in
Alameda: very easy terms. Apply A. M.
SPECK & CO.. C67 Market St.
CARRIAGES A.\D WAGOXS.
ALL kinds of wagons, bufrerles. carts, harness,
etc.. cheap. EGAN & SON. 211J Mission St.
AN A No. 1 express wapron. single, also light
ramping wapon. for sale cheap. 532 Mission.
NEW & 2d-hand wagons, bungles, carts & har-
ness, work & driving horses, luth & Valencia.
SPONGES and chamois our specialty. AMER-
TCAN SPONGE CO.. 15» New Montgomery »t.
CAMPAIGN 1'IIOTO U'JITOJig,
MF'Y of all kinds of photo buttons and Jewelry;
wholesale and retail; send for catalogue.
Miniature Portrait Co.. 933 Market Ft.. 8. F.
SPIRITUALISM.
ARRIVED — Mrs. Dr. Farnham. world-renowned
Fpirltual medium; advice in all affairs of llf»».
lawfiutts. divorces, deaths; unites the sepa-
rated; mining a specialty; cirs. Sun., Wed.. Frl.
ev's; come and be convinced. (Permanently)
613 Eddy et.. bet. Hyde 'and Larkin; no sign.
SPIRITUAL meeting to-night. 8 p. m. ; con-
vincing test; readings daily. MRS. MAX-
WELL. 12M Howard Bt.
MR."? LESTER— Circles~Sun.. Tues., Frl. eve.,
I4e; readings daily. 200 Turk st.
MME. YOUNO, 605 McAllister St.. convincing
demonstration of spirit return to-night. 10c.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 3S5 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
Meyer, elt. dally; convlnc'g tests to-night 10c.
MME MAJORS, gifted spiritual medium,
healer and card reader. 132 Sixth St.. room 1.
PROF. GEE. medium; test circle everv night;
10c; read. $1; ladies 50c. 148 6th, Brunswick.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, clairvoyant. Ujt. busl-
tiffd medium, life rea<ler: Fitting? tl. 1104 Mkt.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MME. LANGE, the great clairvoyant, tells past,
future; never falls: has the greatest Egyptian
secret; shows picture future husband or wife:
fee 25c and up: satisfaction to everybody; open
Sundays. 1167 Market st., bet. 7th and Sth.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & carl
reader, born with double *--ll & second sigM,
Uiagr.opes dl?»ase with life reading; ladles 50c;
Cents tl; pa!m. & clair. sit. $1 50. 126 Turk st.
ISMAR. the Egyptian gypsy clairvoyant and
I almi*t. permanently located 1145 Market, opp.
6th; private readings dally 10 a. m. to 6 p. m.
MME. BERNARD reads life fluently; advice
plven in all affaire in life; satisfaction guar-
anteed; 23c uii. 17 Third st.. next Examiner.
MRS. E. M. DLTALL. clairvoyant and healciT
diagnoses diseases. 425 Golden Gate ave.
MME. ECHAFFER. clairvoyant, card reader;
sittings dally. 212V4 Sixth st.
MME. HANSON, palmistry, card reader; past,
present, future, 25c. 148 Sixth St., room 14.
CLAIRVOYANT, trance, business medium; card
reader. 25c up. &23 Mission ft.. rir.4th; no slgT-.
MME. RUTH, great prophetla card reader;
We. 708 Ellis ft., near Larkin.
MRS. MELVILLE, well-known clairvoyant, wa-
ter reader, moved to 11 Sixth; G-rman spoken
MME. VALTCEN. clairvoyant. palmist; card read-
er; real Egyptian charms. 215 Leavenworth.
MME. ZICHEDA. the gypsy._ Is the great palm-
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry; truth or no pay; 25c. 1149 Mission.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently: business
advice; r.ames given; 25c up. a Fourth st.
CARPET I1EATIXG AXD CLEAMXC.
WHEN von become disgusted with pool* work
send to SPAt'LDINO'S Pioneer Carpet-Heat-
ing Works. 353-3T»7 Tehama »t. ; tel. South 4U.
J. McQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co..
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-Beating and Reno-
vatlns Co.. 240 Fourteenth St.: tel. Mission 74.
CITY Ft«-am Carpet-Beating Works. O. H.
STEVENS, mgr.. SS-40 Sth St.: tel. South 200.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard, laid at 4c
STRATTOX'S, 3 Eighth st.: tel. /essle 944.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 3$>4. GEO. WALCOM. proprietor.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-Ceatiilic Works. 333 Golden
Gate <ive. : telephone East 128.
CHIROPODISTS.
BUNIONS, Ingrown nails, corns, absolute cure,
palnlef*: consult*!! free. Dr.Buncan.415 Sutter.
COLLECTION Ol'KlCES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency — No marge un-
less successful. Room 310. 927 Market rt.
COTTAGES TO LET.
COTTAGE to rent and furniture for sale. €5
Pleasant *t.. near Jones.
COTTAGE FOR SALE.
COTTAGE of four rooms and bath In Mission
district; price tlKO: no agents. Apply RAB-
1 LIN, Fourth and , Kentucky «ts.
DEJfTISTS;
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. JW» Mar-
ket st. cor. 4th, rm. 7, Flood bldg.. you can
have your extractions done painlessly;- teeth
without ulat<;s our soecialty; gold crowns,
$3 W> up; plates, extractions free, $4 50 up; of-
fice hours. 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. ; Sundays, 9 to 2
p. m. O. W. WILLIAMSON. M. P.. Manager.
A— DR. V. CAVALSKY haa returned from
the Paris Kxoonitlon with some of the flnest
patents for palnlens dentistry, plates, teeth
without a plate, crovi-n and bridge work; all
work warranted; p'.ittes. full frt. $3; fillings,
Me; crown. $3 00. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 6th.
EIGHT prlzea for best crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings; extractions or fillings by my won-
derful secret, painless method; 20 years' ex-
perience; no students; advice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell st.
TEETH extracted free; plates, $3; crowns, $3 SO;
bridge work. $5; all the latest methods for
painless dentistry; hours. 9 a. m. to 9 p. m.
Modern Dental Parlors. 120« Market. cor..O. O.
CROWN and bridge work experts; our work is
unexcelled, our prices are the lowest; call and
see our ramples and get our prices before go-
ing elsewhere; best of references; examination
free. "Main office" New York Dental Parlor*.
1019 Slarkot St.. bet. Mil and 7th; elevator.
' DEXTIST9.
DR LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
— No charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over llko new; teeth
from $8 per set; extracting. GOc: gas given.
LOWEST prices In S. F. ; painless extraction.
EOc. New York Dentists, 963 Mission, cor. 6th.
PARIS Dental Parlor, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush—
Full Bet of teeth. $4; crowns. $3; fillings. 25o.
VAN VROOM — "Painless": evenings and Sun-
days. 1001 Market St.. corner Sixth.
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. O.
YOUNG. 1841 Polk Et.
DOG HOSPITALS.
DR. TUZARD'S Dog Hospital, Post, Fillmore—
Advice and medicine. 75c; city visits, $1 50: all
animals treated; dogs boarded. Tel. West 636.
DR. Creely's C. P. mange cure and worm pills'
by druggists or at hospital. 513 Golden Gateav.
DRESSMAKEttS AM) SEAMSTRESSES
McDowell Dressmaking and Millinery School;
private class ; patterns cut. 1019 Market st.
S. F. Dressmaking, Ladles' Tailoring and Mil-
linery School; French system. 411 Van Ness.
ACCORDION pleating factory: all kinds ploat-
lng. pinking. 121 Po«t. over O'Connor&Moffatt.
EDUCATIONAL.
AYRES' Business College 723 Market St.; day
and evening; Individual instruction, $8 per
month; life scholarship, $50; bookkeeping,
shorthand, telegraphy, etc. ; Just added 25 new
typewriters; commercial department enlarged
and is the beet in 8. F. ; catalogue free.
HE ALP'S Business College, 24 Post et. S. F.—
Practical courses In bookkeeping, shorthand.
typing, languages, telegraphy, English
branches, civil, electrical and mining engi-
neering, etc.; new 80-page catalogue free.
GALLAGHER-MARSH College, Parrott Bldg.—
Shorthand, typing and bookkeeping; Robert F.
Gallagher, expert court reporter, teacher of
shorthand: report orial phrasing taught; prac-
tical bookkeeping; full course. $50; catalogue.
NIGHT School for Men at the Y. M. C. A.
building. Mason and Ellis sts. : registration.
6ept. 10-24; studies elementary and advanced;
great opportunity for young men to gain a
practical business education.
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and medical
colleges; references. President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
MISS M. G. BARRETT, Shorthand Academy;
lepsor.s by mall; acknowledged by official re-
porters best teacher, best system. 302 Montgy.
ALL students but two taking full course this
year got positions. SAN FRANCISCO BUSI-
NESS COLLEGE. 1236 Market St.
BOOKKEEPING, fre* trial; private lessons; 8
mos. in college not equal to 8 wks. with me;
t2S. TARR. expert accnt.. 429 Parrott bldg.
ENGINEERING, civil, elec., mining, mech. sur-
vey, aswy, cyanide, arch.: day. eve.; eet. 1804.
VAN DER NAILLEN SCHOOL. 983 Market.
AYRES' Business College night school upens
October 1. 723 Market st.
CALIFORNIA Business College is again en-
larging quarters. Come see us, 305 Larkin et.
MUNSON School Shorthand. Typing. Bookkeep-
ing. Spanish. 137 Mont'y. E. M. Carpenter, pr.
PIANO and German; pupil of Conservatory In
Lelpslc; lepsons 75c. 320 Golden Gate ave.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grsmmar, writing,
etc.. day or eve.; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. Cth.
LE JEUNE Art and Craft School: modeling.
dealRnlng. cai-vlmr. all branches. 424 Pine »t.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
A — JAPANESE and Chines* employment con-
tractor; estab. over 10 years; all kinds help.
421 Post St.. near Powell; telephone Bush 135.
JAPANESE Housecleanlng Co.— Walters, cooks.
dishwashers. EBt. 1530. 1026 Oak; tel. Page547.
UNION Japanese-Chinese emp. office— Best holp
furn. ; domestic serv. 417 Powell; tel. Bush 376.
ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japanese. Chi-
nese help. 426 Powell. nr.Sutter; tel. Black 5072.
JAPANESE and Chlneoe Employment Of flea;
best help furn.; tel. John 2121. 806H Stockton.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office —
ge.t help. 411H O'Farrell Ft.: tel. East 426.
EMPLOYMENT WANTKD — FEMALE.
WANTED — By a middle-aged woman, willing
to wcrk, light housework In American fam-
ily or would work by the day; wages $15. 23
Lang-ion Bt., above Seventh.
ELDERLY Eastern woman, neat and reliable,
desires position; Is good, economical house-
keeper, kind to children; has good references;
wages $10 to $12 month. Box 4418, Call office.
COMPETENT woman wishes a situation at
housework in a small family; with references;
no postals. 767 Harrison st.
WANTED— A situation by a respectable woman
as flrst-class cook; understands French and
German cooking. 6 Ewlng place.
RELIABLE Infant's or child's nurse want* po-
sition; best of references. Call at 5 Ewing
place, off Laguna «t.. bet. Post and Sutter.
GOOD and obliging woman wlrhes a situation
to do general housework In city or country;
Is good plain cook. 230 Minna st
RELIABLE English woman wants work by the
day. Address MRS. M. 8., 23Vi Gilbert St.,
off Bryant.
WOMAN v.-ants a position to work by. the day,
•washing. Ironing or housecleaning. 281 Thlr
teenth Bt.. corner MUslon.
LARKIN, 1022— Neat girl wants situation to
do light housework private family; refer-
ences; no postals.
YOUNO girl wishes situation as an Improver
In dressmaking. Coll or address 403 Bryant.
MIDDLE-AGED woman wishes situation to do
ireneral housework; no objection to window
washing or washing and Ironing. Call or ad-
dress 8^6 Valencia st.
DRESSMAKER from City of Paris will go out
by the day. $2 50. Address 1514 Geary St.,
near Lacuna.
NEAT younc Swedish girl would like to do
light housework. Call at 644 Sixth st., be-
tween Bryant and Brannan.
EXPERIENCED middle-aged lady; Infant's or
Invalid's nurse; private home or public Insti-
tution. Address box 4492, Call. '
COLORED girl wishes position nurse for one
child. 107 Bernard St., off Pacific, between
Leaver.worth and Jones.
POSITION wanted as nurse by reliable woman;
references. 16 Antonio St., off Jones.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St., near Mar-
, kft; 200 rooms; 25c to $1 M night, $1 50 to $G
week: .convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baKira«cp to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
r*-c"ived at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRAKCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 10&6 Va-
Irncia Ft.
KJIl'LOWUENT WANTED — MALE. v
A HIGHLY educated young man desires a po-
sition as teacher In a private family: capable
of teaching b<.th Englieh and German and is
willing to make himself otherwise useful. Ad-
diess C. P., care Hlnriehsen & Franzen, 201
Montzomery ave.
ELDERLY man wants situation; first-class
gardener, coachman, milker, etc.: moderate
wages; flrst-class references. Address Gard-
ener. box 3757. Call offlce.
A YOUNG man 21 years of age. speaking Ger-
man and English, willing to do anything,
would like a position. Address BaUNETT
KLASS, 1C19 Mission st.
GARDENER, oingle. wishes position on gentle-
mnn'i place; understands all branches; also
landscaping; best reference. NIELS P. NIEL-
SSN, Brooklyn Hotel. 2C8 Hush st.
FIRST-CLASS blacksmith desires situation.
city or country. Address box 4496, Call offlce.
RELIABLE and competent young man desires
position of any kind: is a good penman and
accountant. Box 4441. Call.
YOUNG man wants position with nine firm;
not afraid of work; refs.; salary $25 and
board. Address R. W. BRISTOL, 1309 Jones.
BARBERS — Young man, good barber, desires
easy Qoeltlon; no rush work; low wages. Ad-
dress A. JAMES, 1223 Stevenson st.
JAPANESE wants position in saloon as porter;
know how to mix and cook. Address 023
Sacramento st. : phone Davis 19S.
i JAPANESE wants situation In restaurant or
! hotel as a cook. Address 323 Sacramento st. ;
telephone Davis 108.
A — $75 WILL be. paid for information that "will
secure situation for practical flrst-class Ger-
man farmer with small family; thoroughly
competent to take full ch.irge of large fruit,
grain or stock ranch: fine references. Ad-
dress box 4491. Call office.
STEADY man; 13 years' experience In orchard
and vineyard wk.; understands handling green
and dried fruit, budding, grafting, pruning,
etc.: used to handilne men: would like man-
agement of large ranch; ref. Box 49S2. <Tnll.
MAN and wife want places; man good cook
and baker: wife as helper, waitress or cham-
bermaid: hotel, boarding-house or institution;
city or country. Ad. A. R., 63S Je?sle. off 7th.
SITUATION wanted as sick nurse by the diy;
bubonic plague nurse In China for years. II.
DYCKMAN. 737 Mission st.
THE employment department of the Y. M. C.
A. furnishes only reliable young men. Corner
Mason and Ellis sts.; phone Bush 17.
A JAPANESE, aged 23, desires position in of-
fice or family In the city: 8 years' experience.
Address S. K., 414 Stevenson at.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED— -MALE.
A YOUNG Frenchman desires situation In
American family where he would have an
opportunity to learn the language; wages no
object. M. LEGER & CO.. 533V4 California st.
WANTED— A position as Janitor by a youug
man who is honest, sober and industrious; 3
years In present place. Address J. H., room
10, Letltla building, San Jose. Cal.
STEADY young man understands care of horses
desires position as coachman or gardener;
understands milking cows; city or country;
refs. Thomas, Ahlborn House, S21 Grant ave.
SITUATION wanted by young colored man as
a porter In store or saloon; will call to see
party. Address box 4413, Call.
A SOBER industrious, trustworthy and handy
man desires a situation to make himself gen-
erally useful. Box 4480, Call office.
RELIABLE man wUhes position to drive deliv-
ery wagon. Address box 4479, Call office.
WANTED— Situation as second or short-order
cook. Box 3762. Call office. r
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st.
12\'PKItT OPTICIANS.
EYES examined free; ppectacles properly ad-
Justed. "N. Manasse. oculist optician, 910 Mkt.
FINANCIAL.
IF you have stocks or bonds of any kind for
sale, call or address PACIFIC COAST UN-
PERWRITINO CO.. 504 Parrott building.
FLATS TO LET.
100 FLATS. HOUSES AND COTTAGEs!
917 Eddy: f. 8 r $60 319% O'Farrell; h.4r.$10
1239L'v'w'th; f.9r. 37 604222 26th; c. 6 r 11
1207V4 Devisadero: 6 r 25 660A Jessie; f. 3 r.... 9
1696 Page; f. 8 r 15 200 Tehama; f. 5 r... 10
Flats wanted. A. M. SPECK & CO.. 667 Mar-
ket ut.
$5©-$70— NEW modern Nob Hill flats; eunny;
Just completed; 7 and 10 rooms and bath.
BALDWIN & HOWELL, 10 Montgomery st.
FLAT of 4 rooms, bay-window and bath, $12.
716 Natoma St., bet. Eighth and Ninth.
IF you want to move get printed list flats to let
from BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Montgomery.
PLEASANT sunny flat, 6 large rooms. 123 Lily
ave., near Octavla st.
SUNNY 3-room flat. 29 Rlngold St., bet. Eighth
and Ninth, Folsom and Harrison.
SUNNY upper flat, 4 rooms. In good condition;
rent }8 50. 711 Harrison Bt.
$27 50— ELEGANT flat, 7 rooms and bath; gar-
' den. 1S09 Devisadero St.. near Bush.
3 UNFURNISHED rooms, bath and yard. Ap-
ply 923 Shotwell nt.
FUUMTUKE FOIl SALE.
BRASS bedstead, sideboard and bureau, all
flrst-class. Call at 109 Cherry St., between
Jackson and Washington, San Francisco.
FOR pale at 33 l-3c on the dollar, carpet and
matting for 6 rooms. Box 4495. Call office.
4 ROOMS furnished In oak for $48 50. with No. 7
range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
FUK.MTl'Iti: WANTED.
CHAS. LEVY buys your furniture, carpets.
pianos, etc. 1135 Market St.; tel. Jessie 761.
ALWAYS 'phono John 1041 before selling your
furniture. Standard Furn. Co., 745 Mission.
Auctioneer— L. Vincent, 1305 Larkin ;tel. Polk 694;
furnltur* & furn'd houses bought; spot cash.
ALFRED WOLLPERT. 773 Mission St., pays
highest price for your second-hand furniture.
W. E. CODY (late with J. T. Terry & Co.). buys
furniture, carpets. 7B7 Ml*»lon: tel. Red 3353.
HELP WANTEO-FEMALE.
WANTED — 46 cooks, with and without some
little plain wash, for situations In both city
and country, mostly In American families,
at $26, $30 and $35; 2 cooks for men, $30; cook
for family boarding house, $30; German or
Scandinavian girl for general housework, Tuo-
lumne. County, 2 In family, $30; cook and seo-
ond girl, same house, $30 and $20; chamber-
maid and laundress, $30; 8 second girls; par-
lor maids. $20 and $25; French cooks, $10; I
nurses. $25 and $30; Protestant laundress for
Institution. $2C; German nursery governess,
$25; 10 waitresses for restaurants In city, $«
and $7 a week; 10 waitresses for family
boarding houses and also country hotels, faro
paid, $20 and $25; 6 laundresses for families
and laundries, $30; also last but not least, a
number of girls for general housework in very
nice American and Jewish families at $20, $23
and $30. both city and country; call early and
see. ladles who are to call by appointment.
J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 31C Sutter St.
C. 11. HANSEN & CO....; Phono Grant 1S3
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
2 waitresses, north. $20: 8 waitresses, Lompoo,
}20, fare paid: 2 waitresses. Pacific Grove. $20.
fare paid; 10 waitresses, different commercial
hotels, }20 and $25; 3 waitresses, city, $20; 2
refttaurant waitresses, $8 week; lunch and din- i
ner waitress, (3 CO; 2 chambermaids, to wait, ¦
120; 2 cocks. $30.
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
House Rirl for 2 In family, to go north, $30,
Fee party here; 2 house girls, to go south, $25,
$30; cook and second girl, Menlo'Park. $43:
cook and Becond, Berkeley, $50; mother and
daughter; 60 house girls, city and country;
invalid's nurEe. $20. C. K. HANSEN & CO.,
104 Geary et.
¦WANTED — An experienced ani? competent eten-
osrrapher and assistant bookkeeper; Smith
Premier typewriter; must write a legible
hand and furnlph be«t of references; perma-
nent position. Box 4410, Call office.
WANTED— A flrst-class cook with city refer-
ences, who understands German cooking;
good wages. Call Thursday and Friday morn-
i:nr« nt 212A Jackson st.
WANTTCD— A lirlKht. self-reliant woman with
fair education; this position is to travel. Box
444?. Call. \
GOOD Klrl or woman for housework, plain \
cooklne: German preferred. 312 Sanchez St.,
8 to 10.
GIRLS wanted at United States Laundry, Six-
teenth^s^nearValencla.
IRONERS wanted at United States Laundry,
Sixteenth St., near Valencia.
WANTED— Finishers on custom coats. 927
Market St., room C23.
WANTED— Young girl for general housework.
1313 Broadway^
GIRL not over 25: light work; country girl pre-
ferred. 203 Post St.. room 20.
GIRL, German preferred, for light housework.
10L3 Market St., upstairs. \ .
EXPERIENCED women to operate body lroner.
251 Jessie ut., near Fourth.
GIRL for light housework; good home. 1740
Sutter st.
EXPERIENCED operators on Bilk waists. $10
week. LIVINGSTON MFG. CO., 226 Bush st.
GIRL for housework; small family. 1011- Capp
street. v
WAXTBD — Girls to work In French laundry.
13S0 1'aclfic St., near Hyde.
LADY compositor wanted for occasional work.
YOUNG FOLK'S WEEKLY. 516 Commercial.
PANTS finishers wanted; steady work. 225
Fifth Ft.
WANTED— A good girl for candy store; also a
-chocolate dipper. 1019 Van Ness ave.
WANTED — Good cook for country hotel, fifty
miles from city. Call 140 Fifth st.
YOUNG girl to wait at table in restaurant. $12
per month. Apply 195 Tenth st.
GIRL or woman for general housework; good
wazes. 408 Eleventh st. -
COMPETENT cook, $25 a month. Apply at
Maudsley Sanitarium. 2111 Pine St., at 10.
YOUNO girl to assist with housework; wages,
$12 to $15. 1922 Page st. 1
WOMAN or girl to assist and sewing; good
home: small waces. -3370 Seventeenth st.
WANTED— Young girl to assist in light house-
v.ork; sleep home; wages J8. 205 Turk st.
A LADY of Indomitable energy possessed of
« pelf-an.Tertton: good opportunity to rish* partjf.
F. PERSON, room 412 Parrott building.
FIRST-CLASS skirt makers and apprentices
wanted. ISOWHAY. 516 Sutter st.
WANTED — Experienced millinery saleslady.
1323 Stockton st.
VEST hands who also know how to make but-
ton-holes; $S to $12. 641 Stevenson st.
GIRL wanted to do general housework for small
family. 2379 Sutter st.
TALENTKD amateur performers, wanted. Ap-
ply at Chutes at 6 p. m.
FIRST-CLASS all-around talloress. ' Apply 27
Geary st. f,
GIRL or woman for light housework, $15. 2427
Sutter St.. near Broderick. . .
EXPERIENCED operators on electric power
sewing machines on shirts at GREENE-
BAUM. WEIL & MICHELS. 5'.1 Mission st.
GIRL for light housework; wages $12 to $15.
1821 Point Lobos ave.. bet. 7th and Sth ave.
GERMAN girl to assist in housework. 386
Utah st.,, near Seventeenth, forenoon.
WAITRESS wanted. B15 Valencia St.
GIRL for general housework and cooking. Call
2303 Van Ness ave.. before noon.
FIRST-CLASS alteration hands on skirts and
Jackets. A, CAILLEAU. 114 Kearny at.
HELP WAJtTED-FEMALB.
WANTED— Women and girls to work on toma-
toes, canning and preparing: highest wages
paid; steady work; prizes for quick work.
Apply immediately to U. S. FRUIT PACK-
ING CO., Harrison ave., between Seventh and
Eighth sts., off Folsom.
APPRENTICES on overalls. STANDARD
SHIRT FACTORY, cor. Gough and Grove sta.
GIRLS to rivet overalls, also sewing machine
operators, at Levl Strauss & Co.'s factory,
32V4 Fremont St.; no experience necessary;
good wages. Apply to MR. DAVIS.
FIRST-CLASS skirt makers on ladies' tailor
garments; steady work. A. CAILLHAU. 114
Kearny at.
WANTED— A girl to take care of 2 children
and do light housework; colored girt prefer-
red. Call at 412^ Sixth st.
APPRENTICES on coats, pants and vests,
paid while learning. 541 Market st.
GIRLS with experience. Book bindery. C38
Clay Bt. :- v v-. •
WANTED— Women and girls to work on fruit.
1731 Folsom St., between 13th and 14th.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 109S Va-
Icncia st.
HELP WASTED 3IALB.
AT C R, HANSEN & CO.'S 104 Geajy st
Wanted for railroad work, free fare:
100 laborers for S. P. Co.'s own camps on
different divisions.
60 laborers for balloting gang and rock
crusher for S. P. Co. wLTruckee.
Fes $1. Ship dairfO Free fare.
100 teamsters for railroad' work in Stats of
Nevada; |2 a day; free fare; ship this after-
noon.
25 tunnelnien for big tunnel at Chatsworth
Park, Los Angeles Co.; $2 to $2 60 a day;
Free fare
2 steel bridge men, railroad work. $3 80 a
day, free fare; 4 carpenters, country, $3 a
day; 15 men to pick up prunes, $1 a day and
board: 6 sawmill laborers. $28 and board: 2
milk wagon drivers, $30 and $35: farmer and
wife. $35; man and wife for quarry, wife to
cook for men; 2 stablemen for country, $30;
vegetable gardener, $35; farmers, milkers,
choremen and others.
Experienced man to bottle mineral water at
spring?; $40 and found: see party here. .
- C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary St.
A— C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary st.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Head waiter, Southern Cal. (new etUI and
high-tone restaurant), $75; head waiter, hotel,
south. $75; head waiter. Nevada, $50; second
cook. $75; night cook, $65, restaurant, north;
first-class lunch man and assistant for cafe,
ccuntry, $50 and $35; 6 waiters, $30 and $2o;
colored head waiter, $50; colored waiter, coun-
try club, $35: head and second cooks, city and
country, going wages; 10 dishwashers and
kitchen hands, $30 and $25. C. R. HANSEN
& CO.. 104 Geary St.
TWO farmers and wives, $40 and $50: man and
wife for poultry and fruit ranch. $45 to $50: 2
men and wives, nrivnte families, $35 and $50;
laundryman and wife, $60; farmers, $1 day,
and others. J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 628 Eac-
ramento st. .
YOUNO man for bath house, $35 to $40; brick-
layer for mine, $4 day. long Job; carpenter.
$3 JO day; stlckerman: planerman; bench
hands for mill: general machine man for
country mill; laborers for mill and woods,
$26, $28 and J30 and board; railroad laborer*,
free fare, and many others. J. F. CROSET1
6 CO., C2S Sacramento st.
HOTEL cook $60: restaurant cooks, $50 month
and $12 week; 2 boarding house cooks, $40;
waiters for country hotels and boardtng
houses, $25 and $30; dishwashers and others.
J. F. CROSETT & CO., 623 Sacramento st.
A— WANTED •••-
Brick maeon. $4 a day, long Job; 2 carmen for
mine $2 a day; 2 teamsters, 10 hours a day,
near city, $26 and board: 2 laborers, near city,
10 hours a day. $26 and board; winery man.
Santa Clara County. $25; cook, hotel, near
city J40; lunch counter cook, $45: gardener,
near city, $25; vegetable gardener. $S5; nursery
hand, $20; German waiter for club, $35 and
found; farmers, $26; 10 sawmill and railroad
In woods laborers. J30 and fare advanced.
W. D. EWER & CO.. 610 Clay st.
BARBERS' Progressive Union— Free employ-
ment. H. Bernard. Sec. 104 7th; tel. Jessie 152.
WANTED— For U. S. army, able-bodied, un-
married men between ages of 21 and 35. citi-
zens of Unitod States, of good character and
temperate habits, who can speak, read and
write Enellsh; recruits are specially deslre-1
for service In Philippines. For Information
apply to Recruiting Officer, 121 New Mont-
gomery St.. San Francisco. Cal.
WANTED — Active young man for short order
cooking on steamer; must be sober and re-
liable; references required; steady place for
right man. Box 4<lfl. Call office.
AN errand boy about fifteen years old In office;
must reside with parents: only those willing
to make themselves useful need reply; wages
f3 50 per week. Pox 4420, Call office.
WANTED— Steady man with $150 to take inter-
est In old established commission bnsiness
that will pay $75 per month the year round.
Apply 1016 Market st., room 10.
MECHANICS— Keep away from San Francisco!
Mlllmen's lockout still on. Building Trades
Council of San Francisco.
BOY to take care of horses and work In gro-
cery store. Apply NW. cor. Greenwich and
Pierce 'etg.
WANTED— 2 reliable men to tako orders; good
pay and steady employment for right -men.
Address box 4417. Call office.
FinRT-CLASS coatmakera and general tailors
for the country. J- BAUMGARTEN & CO.,
7 Montgomery st. 1
WANTED— A young man with a little experi-
ence In horseshoeing. 1971 Market at., near
Halght.
A GENTLEMAN of lndo'mltable energy and
push: good opportunity to right man. F.
PERSON, room 412, Parrott bulldlnK.
COATMAKER for country. Apply REISS
BROS. & CO.. 21 Sutter st.
BOY with some experience to set type- Apply
after 1:30 at 34 California wt.
WANTED— Young man to learn the liquor busi-
ness. Box 4497. Call office.
FIRST-CLASS painters and tlnters at 463 Geary
street.
COOK wanted. 204 Sixth st,. near Howard.
ERRAND boy wanted. 7C6 Geary St.
WANTED— Tailors on custom coats; big wages.
Apply at 40 Ellis st.. room 62.
BARBERS tor cltv and country; wa*res $17.
Apply immediately, H. BERNARD. 104 7th st.
CARPENTERS wanted for Floriston. Cal. Ap-
ply Floriston Pulp and Paper Co., 707 Front.
WANTED — Boy to help In bakery- 612 Kearny
Etreet.
WANTED— First-class barber for country. Ap-
ply 141 Ellis St., San Francisco.
WANTED— Bootblack for ' barber shoo. 137
Taylor St., near Eddy.
WANTED— Walter and dishwasher. 1507 Mar-
ket st.. near Eleventh. S i — r~
WANTED — A good candy helper; also good boy
for candy store. 1019 Van Ness ave.
WANTED^-DIshwasher. 125 Seventh Bt. . '
BAKER, spcond hand. 142 Second st.
PAINTER wanted for scaffold work. Inquire
at 601 Burn st.
WAITER wanted: call early, ready to go to
work. Ahlborn House, 321 Grant ave.
WANTED— A short-order cook; $25. 133 Pow-
ell Bt.
WANTED— A waiter. COFFEE JOHN, 613 Clay
street.
WANTED — Aged man to make himself useful
around a restaurant. 29 Stockton st.
PLUMBER wanted at 1716 Sutter Et.
BARBER shon for sale In mining town; good
barsaln. DECKELMAN BROS.. 106 Ellis St.
BARBER shop; 3 chairs; centrally located. Ap-
ply STOLTZ. 630 Market st.
BARBERS — 2-chalr shop for sale cheap: owner
has other business. 3142 Twenty-fourth st.
FOR SALE-Cheap, a barber shop. 36 Market
st. ; can -be used for other purposes.
GET your shoes half soled while waltlne; 25c
to 50c. 5C2 Mission st., bet. 1st and 2d sts.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third St.; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night: $1 to $2 per week.
WANTED— Coatmaker or general tailor. MIK-
KELSEN & BERRY. 2124 Center. Berkeley.
WANTED- Chef cook; no Sunday work. • Res-
taurant. 28 First st.
GT. pastel portrait painter from Europe wants
competent salesman; $100 mo. Box 44S7. Call.
WANTED— Flrst-class. sober bedmaker. Call
at 9 o'clock at 149 Third st- /
GOOD boy wanted about 16 or 18 years. Apply
at 607 Merchant st.
TALENTED amateur performers wanted. Ap-
ply at Chutes at 6 p. m.
HELP WAXTED^-~MALE^^^
A-MURRAY & REA^yTT?PHO^IE^AIn1843
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
WANT 7 A. M. TO-DAY...........
FREE...WE...SHIP .. EVERYBODY.. FREE
To All Parts of California. Utah. Nevada.
NUMBER. WANTED AT A\ AOES.
154— Nevada. Truckee, Lake View.. $41 and W
1&-Los Angeles, Santa Barbara ...*- aay
24-Reddlng. Shasta. Fresno U W day
118-Surf. Soda Springs, Salt Lake......« day
64— Dlxon. Elmira and Bakersfleld..Sl tj> day
1C3— For nineteen different divisions..... J2 day
FREE FARE.... OFFICE FEE ONLY JL
MURRAY & READY.
C34-636 Clay St.
A— MECHANICAL HELP ••
6 carpenters for flume building. J2 iO day and
board, see boss here v.*"'
4 carpenters Free Fare
Vineyard and ranch carpenters
Steel bridge men $3 SO day, free fare
Camp blacksmiths, also helpers — JS5 ana ?j-
Sash and door makers, painters.. Iron molders
SAWMILLS AND WOODS HELP
125 laborers and other classes of help. SCO to
$40 and found Fare paid
FRUIT AND GRAPE PICKERS
130 men or boys to pick fruit, work In pack-
ing-houses, etc.. anybody will suit. .$30 and fd
IS laborers to work at mines $42 and fd
12 miners, single-hand work .* M
S2 farm, orchard, vineyard hands. .$26 and fd
' 18 milkers, butter-makers $30 and fd
12 teamsters, road work $32 and fd
19 Etablemen, city and country $35 and fd
18 choremen and boys, come see.... $25 and fd
129 scraper teamsters, all parts $33 and fd
19 drillers, brick setters, etc $2 50 a day
1S3 laborers and teamsters for all parts of
California, some In city $1 73 to $2 JO day
4 boatmen, beef lugger
Milk and bakery wagon drivers
$25 and $20 and found
Hundreds of Jobs not advertised: come see.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay St.
A— SECOND cook. mlne...$(0 and fd, fare paid
10 butchers for institutions, shops, slaughter-
houses and ranches .'...$30 and $35 and fd. $32
18 cooks, city and country.. $30 to $50 and fd
Waiters, city and country. .$23 to $35 and fd
Washers, ironers and starchers
Porters, help for institutions; man for bath-
house, etc.: dishwashers, ranch cooks.
MURRAY & READY. 634-63« Clay St.
A — STENOGRAPHER and typewriter for
ranch, $30 and found
Bookkeeper, vineyard company
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
MEN wanted for the United States Navy-
Machinists, first class, age 21 to 35, pay per
month $55: machinists, second class, ase 21
to So. pay per month $40; electricians, third
4 class, age 21 to 35, pay per month $30; ship-
wrights (carpenters), age 21 to 35, pay ptr
month. $25: seamen, age 21 to 35, pay per
month, $24; ordinary seamen, age 18 to 30.
pay i?r month $19; landsmen, age IS to 25,
pay per month $16; apprentices, third class,
age 15 to 17, pay per month fX All candi-
dates for enlistment must pass a physical ex-
amination showing them to be free from dis-
qualifying ailments. Machinists must pass
an examination showing them to be ma-
chinists by trade. Electricians must pass a
practical examination In electricity, espec-
ially on the handling of electrical machines.
Shipwrights must be carpenters by trade.
Seamen and ordinary seamen must pass an
examination In seamanship. Landsmen and
apprentices will be required to pass the
Physical examination only. The term of en-
listment is for four years. Should . a man
re-endlst within a period of four months from
the data of honorable discharge he. will re-
ceive a bonus of four months' pay and an
addition to his monthly pay of $1 36 for each
re-enlistment. Rations, medicines and medical
attendance are furnished gratis In addition to
nay. Privilege of retirement after thirty
years' service on three-quarters of the pay
received at date of retirement. It is the de-
sire of the Navy Department to obtain a
larsre number of able-bodied Americans for
the navy, who will be given every oppor-^
tunlty for advancement as soon as they arc
qualified for the higher ratings. The early
completion of a number of fine ships for the
navy will make a large Increase In the en-
listed force necessary, and this will cause a
corresponding large Increase in the number
of petty officers, who will be advanced from
the lower ratings. Recruits who may be ac-
cented will be assigned to a U. S. war ves-
sel; apprentices to the naval training sta-
tion. Ban Francisco, Cal. Applications should
be made at the U. S. Naval Recruiting Ren-
dezvous, corner of Market and East streets,
San Francisco, Cal.
WANTED— Recruits for the United States Ma-
rine Corps, U. S. Navy; able-bodied, unmar-
ried men of good character, between the ages
of 21 and 35 years; not less than 5 feet 4
inches and not over 6 feet 1 Inch in height:
must be citizens of the United States or per-
sons who have legally declared their Inten-
tions to become citizens; able to read, write
and speak English properly. For further in-
formation apply at the Marins Recruiting Of-
fice, 40 Ellis St.. San Francisco, Cal.. 630 K St..
Sacramento. CaL. or 1058 J St.. Fresno. Cal.
AN experienced telephone Inspector and
"trouble" man can find permanent position
with Capital Telephone and Telegraph Com-
pany. Sacramento; must be thoroughly com-
aetent.
WANTED— Flrst-clacs bread and cake baker
for new bakery; wages $45 per month and
found, to begin with. Address Reception Ho-
tel Bakery. Wadsworth. Nev.
WANTKD — First-class cook wanted for hotel
reetaurant; no baking; wage3 $60 per month
and found Address box 10, Wadsworth, Nev.
WANTED — Flrst-class marker and distributor.
Apply at once, Vallejo Steam Laundry Com-
pany, Vallejo.
NEW .goods; quick eales: salary or commis-
sion; city or country. THE J. DEWINQ CO..
Flood building.
MEN wanted to learn barber trade; only eight
weeks required; positions guaranteed; special
inducements: catalogue and map of city fre«.
MOLER'S BARBER COLLEGE. 63S Clay st.
WANTED— A young waiter at 12 East st.;
German preferred.
WANTED — 2 cr 3 chair barber shop In a live
country town. Box 4485. Call office.
WANTED— Sellable baker; business interest
given right man. Box 44C3, Call office.
FOR sale — A 3-chalr barber shop, on account of
going East. 14 Turk st.
BARBER shop for sale; also bootblack wanted.
1026 Hyde Bt.
FOR SALE — A gocd paying: 1-chalr barber
shop; cheap. Inquire at 1063 Market st.
LINDELL House, corner Sixth and Howard-
Rooms. 15c to 2.>c night: 73c to $2 per week.
WANTED— 100 in;n to take rooms, 10c. 15c and
2Cc. Boston House. 930 Howard st.
BOYS with experience at underpresslng on
pants and vests. S41 Market St.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged. ha>:
price. S62 Mission st., bet. 1st and 2d stt.
WANTED— A man that understands florist and
nursery business. 600 Halght «t.
BOYS wanted. SAN FRANCISCO AND PA-
CIFIC GLASS WORKS. 7th and Townsend.
SAILORS, ordinary seamen and green hands;
all parts of world. HERMAN'S. 26 Stejart.
LABORERS and drillers wanted at S27 Four-
teenth st.. near Guerrero.
MEN and women to learn barber trade. S. F.
BARBER COLLEGE. 7«A Howard st.
PENSIONS-GEO. D. CAMPBELL, lawyer. 15
years' practice; Examiner building.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
kef 700 rooms. 25c night: reading-room: fre«
'bu,s and baggage to and from the ferry.
A BRANCH office for Cail advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1006
Valencia ft.
HOUSES. LIVE STOCK. Etc — For Sale
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market.
827 Sixth Ft.; auction sales every Wednesday.
PULLIVAN & DOYLE, Auctioneers.
10 HEAD of driving and working horses at
TOMKINSON'B stables. C7 Minna St.. bet.
First and Second sts.-
BARGAIN— Fine buiiness horse and buggy.
4" Orary court. h»t. Jones and Leaven worth.
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED LIST Houses to Let; send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
2013 GREENWICH et.. near Buchanan—*
rooms, bath; modern; $22. THE MCCARTHY
CO., 64S Market ft.
FOR RENT— In Belmont: modern house. )
room?, furnished: rent reasonable. Call or
addresa MRS. OTTO. 209 Hyde St.
Tost and fou\d. "
LOST — From 902 California st.. corner of Pow-
ell. SeDtember 26. male collie puppy; yellow,
with white stripe in face. Return 'to above
address and receive reward. '---
LOST — A black cocker spaniel pup on Jackson
St.. near Broderick. Return to 2S37 Jackson
6t. and receive reward.
LOST— White fawn greyhound dog; markings
on ears; reward. 140S Post st.
FOUND— Bank book of the Hibernla Bank
addressed JAMES McELWAIN. Call at 411
Pacific st. and receive same.
LOST — Near Ingleside House, on Sunday, a fur
boa. Finder pleas» return to 633 Sacramento
st. and receive reward.
LOST— 2 bulldo? pups; female white, male black
spot on tail: reward. 810 Howard st.
LOST— An Initialed silver bonbon box. on Sut-
ter, near Powell. Reward at 1SW Pacific ave.
LOST— A gentleman's gold watch, on return
train of J. B. excursion. San Jose to S
F.: Initials D. O. Please return to BEN OSS5-
WALD. 1308 Pacific; no questions asked; big
reward.'
LOST— Sept. 23. on 1:30 Oakland local, or at
Seventh st. and Broadway, a lady's double
wach fob. Return to 45 Mead ave.. Oakland,
or 23S Shotwell st.. S. F.; reward.
MASSAGE. J
T SEG SWORTH. assistant to Dr. a. t
2^ ,?S' entlflc masseuse, room 40. st
Ann's building; hours. 9 a. m. to 12:30.
MKDICAL.
DR - * n f, MRS. DAVIES. 1223 Market^LaJie^'
traiallsts; 3: years' practice; have trTT-Jd
thousands of case* successfully; positive cur*
guaranteed at of Hce; ladles treated can reJur*
home same day; HINDO HERB home nm
an> one can use It: perfectly harmless; hom<i
for confinement. Send stamps for circular.
MH f{ £ R \ ?°^ L ' "Market St.. cor. Slxihl
reliable ladies specialist; home treatment. ».,
-ate and sure cure guaranteed: ladies' tres'el
at office can return home the same day; pri-
b^Scal^^^^o^ C ° nfla *™" =
D f*-*t G -. W - ?'f» N - N KH; the world-renownea
ladles specialist: sa'e and reliable: has prac-
ticed m San Francisco for years; treated thou-
*ands of cas-s successfully; treatment can b*
used at home; consultatic- rr( .. After a'l
others fail call on him. kotv; Market st.
DRS.GOODWIN. well known ladies' specialists"
bare returned from Europe; sa fe and reliable':
cure J3: have treated thmipanris of cases wltri
success: 15 years' practice in S. F • maternltw
home; low fe*». 1007^ Market st .' 'near 8l«i£
KG TOY KEE. Chinese doctor: cures consume-"
ticn. tancer. catarrh, etc.. all liseases treat-
ed: send for testimonials; advice f-^e Sani-
tarium. 704 Sacramento :.t.. Vornrr Ve'arny.
MKS. DR. WYETH. reliable specialists: 25 yrs.'
practice: home in confinement: treatment tt
office. S3: any ailment; consultative free- con-
fldentlal. 942 Post st.. l>et. Hyde and Larkln.
MRS. M. ALLEN. 1035 Market-Ladles' special-
lst: home In confinement: safe and reliable;
consultation free; houra 10 to 8.
THE well-known DR. POPPER, celebrated fe-
male specialist: practical physician for 37
years: always successful. 313 Kearny it. 4
DR. 'WONG HIM. herb doctor, treats all dis-
e«»es of the human body. US Mwon st.
MISCELLANEOUS— FOIX SALE.
BOILERS, engines. Zd-h&nd machinery. Me-
INTOSH A WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters,
linoleum, new and second hand: ws always
nave a large stock of .saloon outfits on hand;
82 complete outfits on' our floor, ready made;
we can ship everything in 24 hours. J.
NOONAN. 1017. 1019. 1021. 1023 Mission St..
«bov» Sixth; write for catalogue.
A— $3 SO DKKHV and Fedora hats. $1 75. Pop-
ular Price. Hatters. 330 Kearny St.. near PIn«.
FINK suit. SI'): drens pants. S2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 427 Montgomery st.
FOR sale— Property of the Live Oak Consoli-
dated Gold Mining Co.. situated In Nevada
County, IS miles north of Auburn: 2 patented
claims; 8-stamp quartz mill; ditch and hoist-
Ing works complete. For further particulars
tnoutre of A. MEISTER. 91* Ninth St.. Sac-
ramento, Cal.
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys.
etc. WHITELAW. 218 Spear St.
VERY fine old master violin, with bow an<t
box. $12; will cost In any music store 130.
UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant ave.
STEEL TANKS, all sizes: suitable for water op .
oil; cheap: all shapes: second hand. H. S.
WHITE. 516 Mission st.
A— 100 HORSEPOWER engine, boiler. 2 drill
air compressor. JARDINES. 220 Fremont st.
"WOOD carving and drawing tables at 218 Sut-
ter st.. room 17, from 2 to 4 p. m.
A SPLENDID 10x15 prenn and a 25-Inch paper-
cutter. AddreBs box 3767, Call office.
NATIONAL cash register, nearly new. for
sale, cheap, at 412V4 Sixth st.
SAFES- New and second hand. THB HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
PORTABLE engines, boilers; Iron and woo*!
planers, lathes: :d hand. J. Rurke. 133 Beale.
MAGIC lanterns. n«rw and 2<1 hand: moving
picture*. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Post st.
FULL line cameras and photo supplies: selling '
cheap. \V. A. HARTTER. tt) Examiner bide.
¦WILL rent full <lre** Tux»d«> or Prlnc* Albert
suits for J2 SO. Portland I^>sn Office. 25 Stktn.
10-TON Fairbanks scate an.t fire and burglar
rroof eafe. 21S California st.
2D-HAND photographic and magic Lantern out-
fits bought. *oH. exchanged. 101 Montgomery.
FIRST-CLASS second-hand modern enelnes ana
r-oiter* bo-jj-ht and *old. KROOH Mfe. Co.
SAFES-N>ir arrj »eeond hand; all sizes. THB
TV«TT? S4PF 1f!«».»ii Vi-Ve» «t . S«" "-a".
niscisixAXEOiis wajtts.
LADIES' and sents* casf-oft clothing bought .%
sold. Silverman. 9$4 Folsom: tel. Fnl'om HIM.
KLEIN still pays b^st price for clothing, bric-
a-brac and books. ]n» Sixth st. : tel. Jessie 111.
IF you w!.«h full x-nlue for your cast-off clothing
o«ii m n rr>Hir'' «r* tv:«i- t»i rs'» -v 41??.
MONEY TO LOAX.
AA— BEST rates and easiest terms.
Secoml Mortgages
Interests in Estates ..I..
Undivideii Interests in Real Estate
Financial problems of all sorts and siss**
solved by HERMAN MCKFHT. «30 Market.
ANY airoant at t per cent: 1st. Sd and Sd mort-
gages, undivided Interest, real estate In pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bougl.;; no de-
lay; get my terms before doing business else-
where. R. McCOI.GAN. 24 Montgomery, r. a.
ANY proposition, any amount; 8 per cent: first,
second mortgages, estates In probate. Interest
In estates, legacies corporation leans, chattel
mortgages, life Insurance. Room 16. first floor.
Chronicle butldlne. HALLO RAN A OLSEN.
HIGHLY respectable privat* place to obtain
liberal advances en diamonds, jewelry at low-
est rat*s. Baldwin Jewelry Store. S46 Market
»t.: tel. Main 1644. P-ranch 19 Third »t.
A— $500,000 ON city and ccuntry real estata and,
estates; chattel mortgages: notes and col- 1
laterals. J. BROWNSTONE. 11 Montgomery.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds,
watches. Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL. 10 Sixth;
highest price for old gold, silver, diamonds.
ON furniture and pianos without removal: quick;
service: money direct: loweat interest. Rooms
6S and 63. Donohoe building. 1170 Market st.
AT 126 Kearny st.. room 9, respectable, private
place to borrow on watches, diamonds: lowest
rates: take elevator. Telephone Davis 995.
J5C0.CC0 AT 6 per cent in sums to suit In city:
also J150.CC0 on large ranches; also on second
mortgages. R. J. MERCER & SON. 412 Pine.
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
pianos: no removal: lo^v rates: confldentlal.
BONELLI. 301 Jcnes St.. corner Eddy.
WHY pay rent? We loan money to build with:
small monthly payments.' HOME BI'ILDINO
COMPANY. 222 Sanwome St.. room 2. t
MONEY to loan en furniture by private party;
low rate. 317 Market St.. room L
VONET loaned salaried people without security.
HILL. rm. 44. Merchants' Ex.. 431 Callforn!a.
ON furniture and pianos: no removal: confi-
de n t ial^ondiar^onds^te^KTaylorst^^^
TO salaried people without security: all busi-
ness confidential. Tousley Co.. 321 Parrott big.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
lndorser. MORRELL. 609 Examiner building.
Q2C T urTiltii!*<?» pis no9> 'Wf\ thout rcTnovsl \ do cook™
mission: private. LICK. US McAllister pt.
TO salaried people without collateral or ln-
ilorser. 3. F. Discount Agency. 143 Phelan big.
HUSICAL. INSTRUMENTS.
Xif^LLETT^DAV'IS. rosewood case.. ..$30 O
Edwards & Son. rosewood case 7$ <rt
Arton. rosewood case ...................... 95 >»
Hallet & Davis 133 •«
Weber, finest condltton BS 00
Manner & Sons }£> M
Klngsbury. oak 190 •»
Standard, used a few months 23^ Ob
Ea»y payments, sheet inustc and everything
In the music line. Chickerlng. Vose, Sterling
agency. BENJ. CURTAZ & SON. W-1S-W
OTarrell tt.
ALL purchasers of pianos at SHERMAN
CLAY & CO.'S have the privilege of ex-
changing for a STEINWAY any time within
three years and full purchase price allowed;
the best makers of every grade to select from;
beautiful ne-» uprights $S cash. $S per month;
some, goo<l pianos for $3. *4 and $5 r>er month.
SHERMAN, CLAY & CO., STEINWAY
DEALERS, corner Kearny and Sutter sts.,
San Francisco: corner Broadway and Thlr*
tecnth sts.. Oakland.
DON'T fall to «e« th« beautiful Decker A Son
baby grands Just received at M.AUVAI3'. 769
Market it.' They are the best ever shown la
the city.
A RELIABLE piano can b« bought only from
a reliable house. The ZENO MAUVAI8" MU-
SIC CO. 13 such a house. Their address »
"69 Market «t
! NO matter what you want In th« line of mu-
sical goods, you can always do beat at MAU-
! VAIS'. 7S3 M.irket st.
AT a discount, to establish our new location.
we w'.ll give 10 per cent off on pianos: soraa
second-hand bsr«ains: 3 Heine uprights. J327:
2 Stelnwaya. tl"5; 1 Chlekering. JICi; 1 Mason
& Hamlln. J3?0. and 20 other bargains: agents
for Hallett & Davis urn! 5 other makes; lanj-
est exclusive wholesale and retail piano
house west of Chicago. HEINE PIANO CO..
217 Geary st.. near City of Paris.
1 A MAGNIFICENT new upright piano. 1130.
i special this week: also great reductions Irtk
• various hifrh-crade pianos durtne this sale.^'
; DEWING & CO.. Flood building.
VIOLIN strings: never wet: test In the world:
making and repairing of all kinds of musical
Instruments. Carl C. Anderson. 417 Geary st.
BE In the swim: rent a new piano for S3 per
I 1 month. SCOTT-CURTAZ CO.. 590 Hajea «UNext Saturday evening Kaweah Council
of the Decree cf Pooahontas will an
entertainment and dance in the fraternal
hall of the Pythian Castle. Elaborate
preparations have been mad© for the
event and a very enjoyable programme
•will be presented. An interesting feature
¦will be a Quaker dance.
Degree of Pocahontas.
GRAND HOTEL.
T Spaulding. Woodland
B J Sill. Berkeley
E Everson. Cal
W Tinning. Martinez
H C Gufal. Napa
T H Hughes. Cal
II A Scr'.bner. Durham
J H Bullock. Cal
A B Jackson, Colusa
W H Houser. Cal
B H Rives. Cal
J II Parker, Berkeley
S Andersen, Alaska
E WhlPDle. Decoto
J II Alken, Decoto
N R Ragan, Nome
A W Keck. Kan City
C D Pierce. Fresno
B D Phelns, Ind
D Vogelman & w. Cal
H RooWlidge. Chicago
C B Teall. N Y
R L Bettner, Riverside
J H Routt & w, Mercd
Mrs Halyard. Mo
Mls>s Rlsellng, Mo
G R Rider & w. Cal
E H Soule, Boston
J Remington. Benicia
L C Kerr. Cal
Mrs I Manders. L Ang
J Rich. X Y
H U Reed. Cal •
H C Stanton. Willows
W Lloyd & w, Chicago
M Morgan, Seattle
Q Morjan, Seattle
H Thompson. Republic
E Llndsley & w. Or
H Scrlbner, Durham
A Blossom. Stockton
M C Marbough. Ohio
C Morboujch, Ohio
M Lleben. L Ans
A J Larson, Lodl
O W Crystal, Vacavlll
R Qulnn. S Pedro
A Fletcher, L Gatos .
E*Porter A. w. Phlla
N Mayer, Lelpslg
VC F Parker. L An*
J H Morton. Cal
W F Knox. Sacto
A Heilbron. Sacto
PALACE HOTEL,.
J H Glide Jr. Sacto
C D Wyman. Boston
\V R Beal. New York
Mrs W C Keisel. Seatli
J E Chllberg, Seattle j
W A Brewer. S Mateo
Mrs Van Master. Sacto
Miss Carl. Sacramento
F H Green. San Rafael
J F Boyd. San Rafael
J Patterson. N York
W Korb. Petersburg
J A Ertnty. New York
K S M Eckert & w,
Alameda
J P Smith. Liivermore |
O G Mcllride & w. S Jl
F Z Field & w. Montry |
Miss FleW. Monterey
J J Ivjwenthal. L. Ang
R A Trimble. X York
J S Jackson. New Yorki
A O Ivers. New York
8 Rowak. New York •
T Flint Jr. San Juan
J Becan. New York
NEW WESTI
A N McHugh. Vallejo
F A Luridqulst. S Jose
Miss h Nichols. Stkton
L B Scrlbner. S Jose
J J Summerfleld, S Ros
W Campion. S Rosa
J R Madison. PortlanJ
J Fursey, Portland
F Miles. Illinois
H H Monyon. Illinois
Mrs O Humphrey. For-
W G Nevln. L An?
F B Sutton, L Angeles
P Olspn. Los Angeles
D A Shope. Arizona
Mrs P Cook. Rio Vista
S M Green. Milwaukee
H Schwaback«r. Ky
Mrs R W Skllie. I> C
Miss Venable. Berkeley
O G Sage. Sacramento
C K Perry. Nome
M E Ailes. Washington
J H Small Jr. D C
J P Chum. D C
iR Koughan. Stanford
|D Peoner Jr. Phlla
H F Brown & w. N T
|R F Gardner & w.USA"
H R Compton & w,
Seattle
E A Cardlnl, Buenos A
I, Billerby, London
H B Kennlon. X Y
W Bullitt. Kentucky
R H Helles & w. N T
S O Cata. Japan
3RN HOTEL.
j tuna .
F J \Valker, Lathrop
J WAr. Pa
E V Graven. Chlco
A Lody. Sacto
R H Bagley. lone
T Burke, lone
J Wilson, Bella VisU
O G Mollne. Illinois
J U Sears, La Honda
W Flournoy. Ohio
Young Men's Institute.
The delegates to the Supreme Council
will leave this city for Denver. Colo., on
the 5th of October to attend the session
that is to convene on the 8th and members
of the Supreme Directors will leave on
the 3d to attend a meeting to b« held in
ithat city on the 5th.
Portola Council will give an entertain
ment and dance In Union Square Hall -on
the 31st of October. York Council will
give an entertainment in the same hall
on the 20th of October.
The grand president has appointed J. J.
O'Toole, E. R. Ms-rick, "W". J. Dollard,
Rev. J. W. Sullivan and James D. Whe
lan the committee on laws and supervis
ions.
HOTEL ARRIVAI^.
John D. Griffin to Margaret J. Griffin (wife),
ot on S line of gutter street, 137:6 E of PoU.
B 27:5 by S 120; girt.
Luele A. Wallace to James 'F. Leahy, lot on
\* line of Sutter street, 93:3 E of Lyon. h> 44:3, |
N* 137:«. W 27:6. S 30:6. W 16:9. S 101; *1Q.
Estate David Stem (by George H. Davis,
idmlnistrator) to Spring Valley Water Worm, I
ot on N line of Seventeenth btreet. 27:6 \v of :
Prosper. W 27:6 by N 107:6: $1S45.
Albert WV Kennedy to Edwin F. Tryon. lot
>n S line of Clipper street, 80 E of Noe, E
•6:8 by S lit, quitclaim deed; J10.
Benjamin Healey to same, same, quitclaim
ieed; 110. _
Edwin F. Tryon to Joseph J. and Anna G.
Meagher. same; $10.
Mutual San Francisco Building and Loan
Association to Louisa J. Cannon, rerecord 1774
D 156, lot on N line of Jersey street, 158:3 \V
uf Diamond. W 25 by N 111; $10.
Vittorio & Emilia Contardl to Mlchela Nave
k Giovanni Paganlno, lot on SE corner ot
Stockton and Greenwich street. E 6S by S 23;
Geraldine von Pinnczykowski (wife of Valer
ian I to Alexander H. Loughborough and Alex
ander D. Keyes (trustees for grantor and \a
lerian von Pienczykowski, life estate, to re
vert to their children, lot on NE Una of Steuart
•treet. 275 SE of Howard. SE 22:11 by NE 137:6: |
also lot on NE line of Steuart street, £J9:2 be ,
of Howard. SK 43:10 by NE 137:6; also lot on
N\V corner of Washington and Dupont streets, |
N 61:6. W 60. S 31:8, E 20, S 30. E 40; also |
lot on E line of Montgomery street, 62:6 S
of Sutter. S 50 by E 87:«; also lot on E line or I
Montgomery street, 37:6 S of Sutter, S 25 by I
E 62:6; also lot on E line of Battery street, j
«• S of Washington, E 68:9, S to Merchant, j
W 6S:3 N 72; also lot on N line of Merchant I
street. 6S:3 E of Battery. E 40 by N 60; also |.
lot on W lin» of Stockton street. S2:6 S of
O'Farrell, S K by W 137:6, trust deed; $1.
Leah. Samuel C. and Philip or Philip C.
Meyer. Carrie Ackerman (wife of Charles L.),
Henrietta Davis (wife of Mortimer), to C.
Meyer Estate Company (a corporation}, lot on
S\V line of Third street, 45 SE of Stevenson.
SE 25 by SW 73; also lot on S\V line of Minna j
and NE line of Sixth streets, NW 80 by NE j
100: also 'ot on SE line of Stevenson street. 75 i
SW of Third, SW 20 by SE 70; also lot on S I
line of Clay street. 5> W of Davis, W 40 by S j
64:6; also lot on NW corner of Folsom and !
First streets. NW 48 by SW 75; also lot on S |
line of Post street, 91:3 E of Fillmore, E 100, S
137:6. W 75. N 37:6. \V 25. N 100: also lot on NW j
line of Stevenson street. 325 NE of Seventh, j
NE 25 by NW 73; also lot on S line of Eddy !
street. 137:6 W of Leavenworth, W 137:6 by S i
137-6: also lots 2 to 21. block P; lots 1 to 25. 3« I
to 43, block B: lots 13 to 15, block H; lots 1
to 5. 16 to 20. block D; lots 1 to 21. 32 to 36. 40
to 46, block S; lots 9 to 42, block O; lots 12 and
13. block G. Mission Street Land Company; $5.
William Abbott to John A. Abbott, lot on NW
line of Shipley street. 100 NE of Sixth. NE 25
by NW 75; JHC
Alfred and Sylvia A. Miles Bennett to Wil
liam H. Blake, lot on W line of Gilbert street.
125 B of Brannan. S 25 by W N; $650.
San Franclseo'Land Company to Felix Mar
cu?e. lot on W line of Sixth avenue. 50 S o£
Lake street. S 50 by W 115; $10.
John D. and Clara S. Moreland to McCarthy
Company <a corporation), lots 21, 22 and 25,
block 43. Sunnyside: $10.
Hayes C. and Rose M. French to Vlda. C.
French, lots 23 and 32, block 37, same; gift.
Vida C. French tn Rose M. French, same;
also lots 1022 and 2044. Gift Map 3; Rift.
Mary J. and Charles H. Burr to P. L.. Rob
erts, lots 15S and 153. same: $10.
Crocker Estate Company to Reuben G. Si
mons, lots 1 to 4, 6 to 11, block 25, subdivision
San Miguel Rancho; $10.
John A. and Mary M. Buck. Nicholas, Ma
thilda. Henry and Catherine M. Ohlandt to
same, lot ». block 23, Fioche and Robinson sub
division; no.
Samuel Nicholls to Willamette M. Nicholls.
lot on E line of Pierce street. 100 N of Sutter.
N 37:6 by E 137:6; gift.
California Title Insurance and Trust Company
to Druid Temple (a corporation) lot on E line
of Folsom street. 27 :5>4 N of Fourteenth, N 50.
E 9S.03. S 46.626, W S9.76: »90>J.
John Sullivan to Daniel E. Sullivan, lot on
SW line of Dore street, 229 NW of Bryant,
NW 23 by SW 85; $19.
Simon Glaser (by Murray F. \andall, com
mirsioner) to German Savings and Loan So
cletv lot on W line of Castro street. So N of
Twenty-first, N 25 by \V 125: $4500.
Michael J. and Margaret Brown to John F.
Brown, undivided one-half Interest In the fol
lowing: Commencing SO SW from First street,
on SE line of alley running from First to
Ecker S 2S SE 23, XE.SS. NW 25; also lot on
E line of Harrison ttreet, 1» N of Twenty
second, N 25 by E lOw; also lot on E line of
Harrison btreet, 125 N of Twenty-second. N 23
by E 100: also property outside of county; Rift.
John F. and Catherine A. Connolly to Mary
J Wood lot on E line ot Eighth avenue, lS2:9fr
N of C street, N 26:2 2-3 by E 120; $10.
Mary J. and Fremont Wood to D. O. Church,
lot on E line of Eiirhth avenue. 156:6 2-S N of
C street. N 28: 2 2-3 by E 120; $10.
Ellen A. and George S. Fife to Beatrice L.
Fife lot on W line of Ninth avenue. 200 S
of L street. S 75 by W 120; gift
Ittnry and Mary Belting to Albert F. and
Ella E. Hadley, lot on S line of Sagamore
street, 190 E of Capitol, E 25 by S 125, lot 3,
block B, Railroad Homestead, quitclaim deed;
' Mary Riley ('widow) to Annie Donnelly (sin
gle) lot on NW line of Bemls street, 2S5 SW* of
Addison SW 30. NW 1%. NE 31:6. SE 187,- lot
1*. block 32, Fairmount; also lot on W line of
Chenery street. 250 S ot Thirtieth, S SO by W
125 block 28, same; $10.
Mary Cree§ran (by Mary E. Creegan. trustee)
to Hippolyte and Angele Revel, lot on NE
lin* of Thirteenth avenue. 75 SE of P street.
SE 50 by NE 100, block 250, O"N. & H. Tract;
$10.
Ellen and Charlotte E. Dore (administrators
estate Maurice Dore) to E. W. Simons, lots 1.
eetate Maurice Dore to E. TV. Simons, lots L
divisions; also lots 3 to S. block 6, subdivisions
San Miguel Rancho, quitclaim deed; $10.
Same to same, same (two pieces); $15,000.
E. \V. Simons to Simons Fout Brick Company
(a corporation), same (two pieces); $10.
Frank and Emille Grabe to Olive Verkouteren,
lot on SW corner of Thirty-eichth avenue and
K street. "W 75. S 5S:1»4. SE 103:7. N" 129:7. block
S4 Paul Tract Homestead; $10.
City and County of San Francisco to Savings
and Loan Society, lot on NE corner of Vallejo
and Gough streets. N 137:8 by E 82:6; .
John Everting Jr. to George D. Gregory lot
on N line of Lombard street. 137:6 W of Flll
roor*, W 100 by N T 120; $30.
.Bridget Harty (Reardon) to Mark I. Hart,
lot on N line of Pine street. 195 W of Broderick,
TV 23 by N 137:6; $2300.
Charles Kurre to Francisco Castlglione, lot on
N line of Beach street, 107:6 W of Broderick,
W 30 by N 107:6; »10.
Mary Mullen to John T., Margaret C. Mary
B.. Joseph W. and Sarah E. Mullen, lot on
S line of Jackson street, 91 E of Lyon, E 115:6
by S 127 :S l «; sift.
Eugene N. and M. A. Fritz to John Stierien,
lot on E line of Clayton street, 3Q0 S of Fred
erick: S 100 by E 101:3; $1*.
Robert and Jennie Cranston to "W. Ford
Thomas lot on W line of Shrader street, 110
S of Page street, S 27 :S by W 100; $10.
Laura. M. Collins to George C. Alferitz. lot on
SW corner of Chestnut and Jones streets, W
137:6 by S 36; $10.
H«nry Wlnkelman to Mary (or Maria D.>
Wtnkelman. lot en NW line of Perry street. 225
SW of Third, SW 25 by NW SO: also lot nn
NW corner of O'Farrell and Hyde streets. "W
27-6 by N SS; also lot on NTV' line of Perry
etreet. 250 SW of Third: also lot l€0 SE of Har
rison street. SW 25 by.NW SO: also lot on N
line of O'Farrell street. S7:« W of Hyde. W
27:6 by N 85; also lot on SE comer of Van Ness
and Willow avenues; also lot 130 N of Eddy
street, S 37:6 by E 109; gift.
Estate Adolph Sutro (by Emma L. Merritt
and W. R. H. Adamson. executors) to Robert
Peterson, lot on E line of Second avenue. 174:7 v i
N of California street. N 22:8 by E 120; $550.
California Title Insurance- and Trust Com
pany to Alice Blerwlrth. lot 22, block 4. sub
division 1. Castro-street Addition: $10.
Michael vj and Hannah Garan to Solomon
Getx lot ' on S line of Sadowa street. 2S0 W
of cSwtol. W 50 by S 125, block C. Railroad
Homestead; $10.
Alameda County.
George E. and Ada R. Pratt to Clara Wren,
lots 19 and 20. block 2116, Alden Tract at Te
mescal. Oakland: $10.
Pome to Sarah A. Mann, lot S, block F: lots
3, 17 and 19. block G, on map of resubdtvislon
Weston Tract, Oakland; also lots 5 to 8. block
2C97 mat) of Alden Tract at Temescal, Oak
land; S10. •
William H. and Frances Macklnnon to Clara
Wren, lot 1, block G, on map of resubdivlslon
Weston Tract. Oakland; 510.
Same to Saiah A. Mann, lot 2, block G, on
BEAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
— »
ST. PAUL, Minn., Sept. 26.— President
Hill of the Great Northern, has received
from Chief Engineer Stevens a telegTam
statins that the east and west crews m
the immense bore under the Cascade
Mountains have met. The two forces
working from opposite ends In the bia
tunnel brought the -two ends together
without the variation of an inch.
Now that the tremendous task of borinjj
out over two miles of granite has been
accomplished the work of laying the
tracks is comparatively Insignificant.
The tunnel will now be rushed to speedy
completion. It Is estimated that tne tun
nel, when finished, will have cosf*5,000/X/>.
One thousand men have been engaged
nearly three years in its construction and
all records of tunnelling have been bro
ken. The average progress was IS to a)
feet per dav. :
The tunnel will supersede the "switch
back" over' the Cascades, which in itself,
has always been looked upon as a mag
nificent engineering achievement.
Boring of a Tunnel Under
the Cascades Has Been
Completed. \
WILL SUPERSEDE
THE SWITCHBACK
Mrs Ella N. Wight (owner) with S. B.
Kress' (contractor), architect O. A. Behrnd—
All work for a two-story frame building on 8
line of Filbert street, 153:4 E of Hyde. E 22:11
by S 127:«:-$32CO.
Builders' Contracts.
Edward F. and Bridget Wheeler to West v Oak
land Mutual Loan Association, lots 40 and 41.
block L. Hemphill Tract, Brooklyn Township
(quitclaim deed): $5.
J. H. and Emma F. Heath to W\ R. Parker,
lot on NW corner of Jones avenue and Second
street. XE 350, SW* 100. SW 350 to Jones avenue,
thence XW to beginning, a portion of Andrew
Jones' subdivision of Brooklyn Township: $10.
Louis H. and Agnes W. Farnswortli to John
M Foy lot on S Una of Hasta street, 173 E of
BowcTitch. E 127:5 by S 120. beln* portion lot
2. block 8. map of property Collego Homestead
Association, Berkeley; $10. I
Frank R. Hull to Marlon E. Donoch. lot on
E line of Fulton street, 200 S of AUston way,
S 50 by E 129.43, being lot S3. Blake Tract,
Map 3. Berkeley; $10.
Home Building Company (a corporation) to
M.-ie L Slaughter, lot S). map of Forest Paxk
Tract. Brooklyn Township: $10.
Mae L. and A. R. Slaughter to Charles W.
Debenham. same. Brooklyn Township; $10.
*. Roy Harslson to Edna Olney Hunt, lot S.
Rose Hill Tract, containing 1.372 acres. Brook
lyn Townshlo: $1300.
A. K. and Cynthia R. Clark to Emm* Clark
Scott lot on X lino of Simpson avenue. 760 W
of Telegraph avenue. "W 40. N 112.57. E 47. S
112.32. to beginning, being the W 40 feet of lot
20. Simpson Tract. Oakland; $!0.
Kate Ames to Mary Renton (wife of Henry
T ) lot on S line of Jones street. 230 W of
Telegraph avenue. W 29 by S 100. being portion
lot 12. corrected map Jones Tract. Oakland: $10.
Henry P. Sonntag to Oscar F. Grlffln Jr..
re-record 388 D. 409. lot on N line of Montgom
ery street. 166:2*4 E from SE line of Fourteenth
avenue. E BO. N 100. W 60, S 100. to beginning.
being lot 21. block M. new map of Lynn Home
stead adjoining Highland Park. East Oakland;
$10.
Oscar F. Jr. and Caroline Grlffln to Lu!z and
Roza Farnends. same. East Oakland; $2M.
E IX and Mamie C. Macdon&ld to Blanche
Arway" lot on XE corner of Elmhurst avenue
and Third street. E 60 by N 150, belaj? lot 17.
block K. on map of Andrew Jones. Brooklyn
Township: grant.
Phebe P. Van Annan <wldow) to Mary A.
Ryan (single), lot on E line of Bassvtt street,
137-6 N of Lloyd avenue, N 37:8 by E 100, being
lot 11 and portion lot 10, block B. Fniltvale sta
tion Tract, subject to mortgage for $1230. Brook
lyn Towsshlp; $73^
Jane Bambrldge (Dwyer) to George K. Hol
loway lot on E line of Whitney street, 100 3
of Woolsey. S 131:6. E 110.03. N 110.55. W 103
to beginning, being lots 9 to 12 on map of
Berkeley Park. Berkeley: $10.
Josephine Smith to Addle E. Armstrong, lot
on XE corner of Telegraph and Moss avenues,
N 10o:4. E 172:6. S to N line of Moss avenue.
XV 1-J2:S to beginning, beintr lots 1 and 2. block
I), map of Broadway and Telegraph-avenu*
Homestead, Oakland: $10.
John and Ada M. Hinkel to Julia S. SanborrL
lot on E line of Hillegass avenue. 1S3.5* S of
Dwight way. S 50 by E 153.4S. being lot 2S.
block B. Hillegass Tract, map 3. Berkeley; $100.
C. A. Krosh to A. F. Cornwall, lot on N
line of Glen avenue, 40 W of Oak. X SO. SW
30. S 70. E 40 to beginning, a portion of sub
division 17 on map of subdivision of lots 2. 3.
4 and 42, Glen Echo Tract, map 2. Oakland; $10.
Catherine S. and John C. Schmidt to Nellie !
M. Schmidt (wife of George Schmidt), lot en I
E line of Eighth street. 273.63 S of Charming
way, S 35 by E 130. being lot 27 and N 10 fe«t
of lot 2S. block 136. same, Berkeley; also lot on
E line of Ninth street. 206.73 S of Charming
way. S 45 by E 130, block 137, same. Berke
ley: $10.
E. B. P.pr.4 and H. C Campbell, trustees for
Walte r M>«.nd LUlie C, Bramhall. to San Fran
rlsco Savings Union. 557 D. 413, lots 4 and 17,
block 17. on map of Leonard's subdivision .oj
blocks 16. 17 and IS. In Bartlett 50-acre tract.
Alameda (trujtees' deed) ; $24G0.
San Francisco Savings Union to Iaaaa Co%*r
land, same: 510.
Jackson B. and Mary V. Brown to Catherine
S5. Schmidt (wife of John C. Schmidt), lot on
E line of Ninth street. 296.79 S of Channlng
way. S 43 by E 130. being lot 27 and N 2U
feet of lot 2S. block 137. on corrected Map of
A very tract. Berkeley; $10.
Township; $10. '
Howard M. Allen and D. D. Blackburn (by J.
B. Lanktree. commissioner) to Alameda Sav
ings Bank, lot on E line of Everett street. 130
S of.JKigle avenue, S 50 by E 14'>:6>-j. being lot
10. block 2. Jengs & Mead Homestead Tract.
Alameda; $COCO.
Realty Syndicate (corporation* of San Fran
cisco to Sarah A. Mann, lot on S line of Forty
first street. 1» E of Market. E O by S 123. be
in? lot 41. on map of estate of John Evoy. tn
plat 35. Rancho of V. and D. Peralta, Oakland; j
also lot on S line of Forty-first street. 90 E of
West, E SO by S 110. being lots 9 and 10. block |
A. Paradise plat. Map 2. Oakland; UO.
mas of resubdivision Weston Tract. Oakland;
110.
Sarah Murphy to Nellia Madden, lot on 8 •
line of Sixth street, 125 E of Alice. 3 100 by E
23, beins lot 11. block 59. Oakland: gift.
Leonard A. Crane. Catherine Me Alpine Far
rington and Frank H. Crane to California Flax
Mills (a corporation), lot 15. block 47S, Briggs
Tract. Map 2, Oakland: grant.
F. A. and Mae G. Losh to Pierre Mondot, '
lot on N line of Twelfth streot. 131 W of West,
W 34 by N 100, being lot 28 and portion lot 27.
block 182. except that portion conveyed to Hen
ry Schluter April 11. ISO"), and recorded in 705
D. 14^ Oakland: fife
Lydia B. Sadler (widow) to Frank T. Wilkto
son (single), lot on SE line of Fifth avenue. 10O
SE of East Nlnteenth street. 3W 5<> by SE UO.
block 1C4, Clinton. East Oakland: $10.
Wreden-Kohlmoos Company of San Francl3co
to Amanda Schrensen. lot on NE line of East i
Twenty-first street. 275 SE of Twenty-first ave- ¦!
nue. SE 50 by NB 14?, being lota S3 and 33. |
block 87, on map of Northern Addition to
Brooklyn. East Oakland; 110. •
William E. Miles to Carrl» L. Miles, lot on
W line cf Webster street. 1107 N of Thirteenth,
and also distant ?27 N of Fourteenth. N So by
W ISO, Oakland; rift.
Oakland Bank of Savings to John Gaspar. ,
lot on S line of West Fifth street. 73 W of ¦
Henry. W 25 by S 113. being lot 2S. block G. ,
Bay View Homestead. Oakland; 1J25.
Fred L. Button to Mary E. and Quintilla
Deannr. lot on E I'ne of Lewis street. 1** S i
of West Fifth. S 25 by E 123. being lot IS. block
G, map of Bay View Homestead, Oakland,
quitclaim deed; ?12.
Julia N. Pennoyer (by Al'^rt A. Pennoyer.
attorney) to TV. J. Baker, lot 4, block C, Broad
way and Telegraph Avenu« Homestead. Oak
land; 110.
Winnie M. McFarland tc same, lot on SE
corner of Weston avenue a."id Geld street, S
Io0 by E 50, being Jot 5,! block C. map of
¦ Broadway and Telegraph AVenue Homestead.
Oakland; J10.
W. -J. and Lettie H. Bai^r to J. R. Mac- \
Gregor, lot on SE corner cf Weston avenue j
(now Thirty-eighth street) and Gold street, S ;
130. E 1(0. N 30. W 70. N fO. W 33 to begin- I
ning. being portion of lota 4 and S. block C.
I same, Oakland; $10.
F. A. and Mae G. Losh to Eda M. Krlgbaum.
lot on W line of Peralta street, m N of Seven
teenth, N 25 by W 110. Oakland: $10.
Eda M. and W. T. Krlgbaum to E. G. Vin
zent, same. Oakland: $10.
Geonre and Carrie R. Sterllnr to F. C. Ha
; vens, lot on NV»" line of Adams street. S32:19 ,
NE of Lee, NE 15S:3 by NW 120. being lots
' SO. Jl and 33. and NE 3S:2 feet of lot 3. block
E, Mao of lands of Oakland View Homestead
Association, belnj portion of Walsworth 1(0
acre tract. Oakland: $19.
I Frank E. and Mary L. Brigham to Sarah J.
! B. Price, lot on SW corner of Eighth and Oak
Ftreets, W 50 by S 100. block 12*. Oakland; tlO.
| F. J. and Dell C. Woodward to Oakland
: Transit Company (corporation), lot beginning
! at a point 173 feet SE from th« SE line of
Thirteenth avenue and 113 NE from the NE
line of East Eleventh street NE 15 by SE
40, block 33. Clinton, East Oakland; J10.
Charles and Mary G. Josselyn to A. P. Hol
land, lots 16 and 17, block B. and lots 1 and 2.
I block C. Map of Peralta Heights. East Oalc-
I land; $10.
! W. R. and Ella E. Panter to T. "W. Panter.
I lot on E corner of Delaware and McQe«
1 streets, E 50 by N 135:44. being the W 10 fe*t of
lot 6, block 3. on map of State University
Homestead Association No. 4. Berkeley. $5CO. I
Rachel and Zotique Chratln to Home Building
I Company of San Francisco, lot JO, block P.
Fruitvale Station Tract. Brooklyn Township:
I $io.
I Home Building Company to Adelbert T. Hay.
j same, Brooklyn Township; $10.
I Stephen H. and Victoria E. Morss to TVUHarn
I H. Richardson, lot on SE I!n- of Shuey avenue.
268.70 SW of Huff avenue. SW 50. SE to a point
in center of Sausal Creek, thence up center of
j said creek, following the meandering* thereof
i to point where said center line of said creek
! would be Intersected by a line drawn from
I roint of beginning on a course SE. thence NW
'•3S8.7* to beginning, being th« NE 5ft fe»t of lot
I 7, on map of portion of Shuey estate, Brooklyn
THE SAN FRANCISCO. CALL, THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 27, 1900.
13
¦WEEKLY CALL
§1 pep Year.
V" "V Dr.Gibbon's Dispensary,
iSoirfcoS ?» — •"> u i:a ii> » si Kstaaiteaad
RpP 1^^ l-"*3-» «or ihetrjitmpnt'ii Private
trtjifV^?? Wr.eaava, LoslJIanbo^i Debility or
gyp^m^it ri.^ps'e^tanngon bodyandminaaiid
J%?-*K>\jr Jj s^m DiK'asj-s. Tb« <iocU)rrir~iwtirti
TOTSSJgB others tall, rry him Cn^rire* low
2JjQQSS3Carf«ia»riialrri Callorwrltek
Or. 4. »'- blBfiOX. Box 1307. Son FiaodMca
Lre. San Francisco. I 9:00 a m 14:10 p ml S:0O p m
Arr. Etocktcn 12:3') p m[7:13 p m 11:05 p xa
•• Merced 2:C p «n 1:15 a ra
" Fresno ........ 4:20 pm 3:05 am
" VlFalla 1:00 pm 4:W a m
" Tulare S:22 p m I: 111 a nx
•• Hanfort ". 5:J3 p m 7:C« a m
•• Bakersfleld*... S:iO p m " 7:30 am
" Denver 10:00 am ¦
" Kacsas City... 6:15 p m
" Chicago 7:40 a m \
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY.
Leave San Francisco via Sausallto Ferry:
WEEK DATS 9:30 a. m.. 1:45 and 3:15 p. m.
SUNDAYS.. S. ». l'\ 11 a. in.. 1:30 and 2:30 p. m.
Fare San Francisco tr> Summit anr! return. Jl *K
NEW TAVERN OF TAMALPAI3 NOW OPEN.
TICKET OFFICES «-T MARKET ST..
SAU3ALITO FEF.RT.
Leave Market -street Ferry Depot.
Santa Fe
Trains—Daily
SAIXBOAD TRAVEI*
12:45. »1:45. J:15. 4:13, »5:13. «:li. 4:40 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley aad Saa
Rafael, on Mondays. "Wednesdaya, Saturdays
and Sundays, at 9:fO and 11:35 p. ro,
SUNDAYS— 7:C0. '1:00. »9:C0. »:j:W. U:0O. 11:«9
a. m.; 12:C. «1:S>. J:W. "S:^. 5:03. i:00. 7:20
a. m. aoe« not run to Saa Rafael Sun-
days.
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentln.
FROM 3AN RAFAEL TO SAX FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAIS- 5:33. •*:*) 7:W. »:?>. »10:li a>
m." 11:50. 1:15. 2:15. *S:30. 4:». 5:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIT3 on Mondays. Wednesday*
and Saturday* at •«:« and 10:K> p. m.
St'ND\TS — »:15. »S:eO. *9:W. »11:<» a. m.: *12:0O
mT; 1:00. »:U *i:30. 4.30. •»:«. «:13. 7:30, V>:Z»
P 'Tra!n» marked (•) start frosi San Quentln.
Fl'-r>M MILL VALLEY TO SAN* FRANCISOX
WEEK DAIS- 5:53. «:«. 8:00. 3:i3. 10:30 a.
m • 12-35. 1:43, 2:45. S:30. 4:ifl. 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRII'3 on Mondays. Wednesday*
and Saturdays at 7:10 an 1 10:39 p. m. _ - -¦¦
SUNDAYS-* :35. 8:06. 10:^5 11:1!) a. m.: U:H
IS) 2:30 3:43, 4:.'J. «13. 7:0u. 1^:30 p. nz.
" ' THROUGH TRATX3.
700 a. m. weei days — Cazadero ana way sta-
tion*.
3:15 p. m. Saturdays— Cazaiera and way sta-
tton«.
8:<}O a. ex. Sundays — Casadero and way st«^
tloris.
13:45 p. in. SuEdays— Point Hayes aaa way fta»
t!or3.
j -Via Sausatlto Farry.
Obauneoclng April 2-. 1309.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL. VAT.I.ET
AXD SAX RAFAEL-
WEEK DATS— 7:00, »8:M, 9:2?. U:C0 a. m.;
FORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
RAJXEOAD TBAVEL.
* »o i iiir.it*i riciriO «ojii*a?st.
l>»ciric iiiiib.I
TrftlBi l<n** •¦ wtt«i i%i"gp •••••• ¦ «» iirrit i* MS
<•*> Fit .« XI' !*«'<>.
(Uiia Line. Fool of Uarfcaf Street.)
lkats — From ir.nz-xtr.?. 12, I3C0. — «ssrr»
*~;OV.\ V. :?-.¦;>. Maim, KImira. VwaTille,
lii.B-*~f »uu bMnom *7»«3p
•TiOiii Shuts K .t-i ¦« i*n.s Wiia*ms(fo*
Bartltrt: Srrjrjs). Willows. Kod
Uiiut. PmruihI.. "7:«r
*<:3tA Mir-n.e. 1 . >»u ;. . .-.. :i. \ i!>;.j. N»|,».
l^Ustog* ami Santa !:¦•»•. *a:!3p
*9:OOa DaTis, \. ¦.-:;*. •;. Knigh£s leading.
MaxysTille. ««<>»i l«- «T:«F
•VOtt% Ailariti^ KirrMS-Ogiie'i and East »l»t«a»
•x:U»» NJe«, Tr.cy, Lsthrop, Stocttoo *U:I3a
•»3IIa .->»¦, Juns. l.itrr:uufr. ntucltnn.
loita. »ocr»iiirti:>i. rivo-rnUe.
M»rjMiU<>, CbtCf. Ue.l ll;nlT •«:l.'»p
•*t:304 O»kiJ»!i-. Cliiaese. noi.cra. Carton... *l: l*f
••»:oo» tUiwanir.. .N,,m:ui Wai ''Uiarai.MIllJ*
•U:ot>A Loa Am e>s Kxprew — M.irtit.-i.
Trscy. J^»ti>roj>. -. ¦•< x: ••!.. il. re- J
Kreinu - ''. I.i * Ai'i Its *7:13p
•9:.irH \jk\i- ;¦¦. yiuliiiei *n.i V.*r -;-.ir!.::.« •3>4.1r
• io:ou» Thu o--r'. ¦• . U i>ius<l- «>gue:i, l>ei»-
»er. O:iuh*. Chic»<a ••:43f
<J 1:1)9* KU ». a»'ic»!^ii. -•*¦¦--» mato. Men-
itnta, ,'1 hi, liai:fi-rtl. ViaUia,
hnnw »«ji3r
•1 1:00* IJr-.rr.i •;•'. -»-g»r Goeh*a J iro-
t.i-u. BikStMMA •¦¦"•' Ar.<e?es
'I2:Mm !i4jM,ir*. NilcaaJKl >'. -» j > ,:!¦ in. •iilS?
tl:S«r "J.icraui.-iHi. l.'iier fxrani »»:•<»*
•;rnn»r llijtruil", Kittaaiad *'<"aj HlaHum. *•! »•>?
•|:<Mlr Mutliir-, >;»a lt»MO». Vaiitf.'O.
Nafv ». < «):-t,. < ;». S^:iti» It'** •»»!»»
Minor !:-•;. c:.v. Winter*. H«r»m*:i«>.
v. ... . :.i: ¦:. >.»:¦•• ...»:.<!..:•:,
M.rjM'iU. «•»»•>;>•• »l»-.ia»
•l:3l»p Ni!e«..S*!: J.«w»!.dStockfe.o ¦•lllf
'.ViiiirT,.! Otir llwllsil Tmj Fre*mo.
U.i.rM MML >-»:;¦.« f.r .-» lri'.» Hjt-
»»ra. lim Augclrs. «l<»:t.1»
•.1:0»rStoc*«on •*I3a
•S:»»r .New Origan* Express- i:»k»rn «i<1.
Santa l.mlxr^. l,<* Argfle". l>t-in*
>>•<. 1U r*»o. ."><• Ofle»ua »i..l
Kut •7=«»4
•B:«Op Hi. ar i.-i i, *.;;.-¦» i:i .; ,-jau Jo«a •";!•>»
»•:«<»!• V»llej« *M»iai
•U:O«r Oriei;'sl .\f.iiI-Oj-!«»D. Chejenad.
Oioaha. C'hkMgo •12:*Sp
*«:«Or Oriental "•! »;.•¦; i--.». lvi.n-r,
Omv.». rhicwf" M:nf
•7:0O» Kiles, Tracy. L»ttrop. Stockton.... # iajl3r
•7:»«r «ir<-gui>iiu'j »'*:.: .r. i» Kii-imw. h»o-
. . nunfutu. >t*rjj»ilt*. .•-'... 4.
l'...«l»n.l. Vim-k h.m.,,.1 s.ui »u.,t •«>*••»*
l»:»Jf V»i'.r>.. V ri Cut* « ..I tV»y st*.
ti-.i.n tH-Wi*
COAKI «>1Ms|(»n (XamwUwqi*).
I K.K.t «.f >i .rk -t Hiiwi.1
Craa i:..i 1'rnici^al W*y suti r.# ;i:O.Tp
*9:I3« N«wark,C-iitr-F»!:ir >aH.I>K>i, K-it..ii,
l: .'i ¦:-.-( 'i - 1 . - i .-.< ( i . ¦ i. ¦! . i>
rtUtit.i.n , *«;»!»r
taiISp 5«nrk, i ¦-. -rv.:;.. - .... .l.w,, N.w
Almaiim, rrltcx:. Rnn.'.I«r ijimfc,
Hanta Crai >?>! )'rlucUal »' <t
SutifMis •I»:3W»
•4>ISr Newark. >=»ii .Jn»». ;.«i;.-.< f1:^<»*
ittiaffileaw.m-l. Fg'.toii. San'a < nil . C »:.V»»
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
Tttaili NUHiiSl'l— FnI %'. lu.H Sirnt .ill, li—
•7:i5 'j.oo n.t»«.if. ti :: *2:3 u:3
•4:53 tSlS3 'Z.ZZr.*.
'<¦•« : II'IU- 'ill »' »...1». .— ¦¦•) - VI l-> •¦>. >.
tu:: *ic; tr:3 ; 3::j uz* '}.szr.«.
CDMI l»ITl>;o\ , i:rr. a .| UmmfJ.
{ Ibiri* :• xJ To iw -i -¦•_. ) -
t«:l«l <>ceaj> Vl«». .-..vi'ii r..» h . mci-«-i>.. f575»?
Al'uwlni W«.l l .e«!*TSiuilj) "LStsp
t7i30A Sucdaj Excursion f r .- i i .1 ¦ *\
Mn:« Cn:z. Paris: Grove and
Plincip*! W»j sr»c»ou» {SiSSr
•0i«*« Hiiii .>.-¦•• Tir» fl»i*. - . .: . I'rtrz,
r»cilic Ui.le. l'is» :;..li «!. **»
l.iiis OMm Hnf, i ....;< c ami
1>riiicii<aJ \V«r M»li..>?a •-!;!•*
¦imiv. Saa J—€, ¦%<:>. ¦¦•' -r Mt»«!o..« ¦*•«»¦
•iitaa* .¦-•ii.ii«.-.r.o*i ;¦.¦¦.-•••¦••«> ---I'. ¦>•• •3:u»r
t?:l3r8a:i Matro. l>.i«,o.!. M-nl<> Tarit.
PaJo Allo. SaniaCiara. H»» J<*«.
Trt» Finos. ft»wf •'nix, >i iu-u.
JI.ji.-ir, »:"i P.ciiic Orova MO::n»
(X:3*p Saa Jose Bnal Way .S:«ii..t.» *~:3»r
ll:l3rS»'iJ,.s-»ni rrivt-pa! Was TTIlllf •»:••>»
t"i:OO»8ii Jose, Lew Gatos sad Principal
Way SUtions «9:O»a
•¦1i3*p StnJuw au.l Prtncinal W»j Sut!uDS fCSAa
•6:Ji»r>tn.i..i-i!.; Wayglatl— ...: t^»«»
»II:4.-Vr San Jw .n.l VT»y St«.ti..i,» «~ia»p
AforUonitnt P tor Afternoon.
'Dfti'7. t.i:i:iUT«'»::"I t i>ui.da» nulj.
b S itur 1*7 ozUt.
ajjatoxd&y and duaday. . c Moudaj oolx.
! CALIFORNIA N32THWESTEBN EL CO.
; SAH FRAHCISCO AND KQBTH PACIRG
RAILWAY COMPANY.
TISsron Ferry, Foot of Market St.
SAI* FRAMCISCO TO SAX KAFAEL.
WEEK DATS— 7:20. »:C0. U.OO a. ra. ; i::33.
I.S). 8:10. *:S0 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at ll:J0 o. m. Saturdiy*— Extra tri»a at l:lt
¦ and 11:30 d. m.
BtTNDATS— S:0O. 9:30, 11:00 a. m. ; 1:30. »:3^
B:00, 6;20 b. in.
SAN RAFAET^ TO SAM FRANCISCO.
¦WEEK DATS— «:10. T:iO. 3:M. U:!0 a. in.: 12:45.
1:40, B:1S p. m. Saturdays— Elitra trips at
1:ES and *:iS o. m.
ST/>-I>ATS— «:10. S;*0. U:19 a. m. ; 1:40. 1:40.
5:C5. «::3 p. m.
Between Saa Franrisco ar.d Sdnwtaa Par*
hum schedule oa above.
Leave I la EfTect. ! Arrive
Ban Francisco. |Apr. 15. I'JCO.] San Franrlsc<x
W«tk J Bun- J : ' 3v.n- { We«t
Days, f days. I Destination, j days. | Days.
T:33 ami 8:00 »m! Xotsux |1»:«4 am! 8:40 ant
1:30 pm] »:3»am| Petaluma. «:C5 pm:10:J5 ara
J:13pm| i:C0 prr.; Pasta R^sa.! 7:35 pmi <^0 era
I Fulton. I
¦Windsor. 10:35 ara
H'aidaburs.
j • Lytton.
I Oey«ervll!e.
S:ta pra't:C0am Cloverdaie. 7:SS pm i:V) pra
7:S0 am] J HopiinJ I 110.I3 ara
t:30 pm' 8:00 am) and Uitlah. I 7:35 pm! 6 20 pra
7:30 aa | jlO:2S ara
3:C0 am Gueraerllle. I 7:33 pia:
i:S0 gp j 1 6:23 pg>
T:t0axa S:CO arn Sonoma. »:15 am' tTio aaa
and :
1:13 pm BiCOpra Glen Ellen. t:CS pmf I:V pa
7:J9 an»» 8:P0 ami IIO:*! am:i0:IS arr»
8:30 pml 5. CO pm' Eebastcpol. | 7:X> pm, S:20 pn
eta^es ccnjiect at S.inta Rr:sa fcr Mirk West
Springs and White Sulphur Pprlnga: at Fiilton
I for AJtruria: at Lytton for Lytton Sprtaz»: at
i Gerserrtll* fcr Skaeza Sprlr-ga: at Cloverdal*
for th« Oeys-rs; at Hopland for Dtincaa
! BprlriKs, Hig-hland Pprtnirs. KelseyviHe-, Carls-
bad Springs. Soda Bay. Lakeport aad Bartlett
' Springs: at tTlttah for VlcSy Sprlnea. Saratoga
I Pprlniea. BIu« Lakes. Laurel Del! Lake. TVlttey
! Fprtnrs, Vpper Lak«. Porno. Potter ValJ#y.
I John Day's. Riverside, Lierleya. Backne:i'.«.
i Sanhedrin Heights, KulMl'.e. Orr*« Hot
. Pprlnss. MendccJno City. Fort Brazr. West-
rort IT«al. Willtts, LartonTill*. Cmnrairj.
Bell's Sprints, Harris. OUen'a, Dyer. Scotia
and Eureka.
Saturday to Itcnflay rour.l»,trro ttckBt* at
I reduced rates.
On Sunday iwmd trip t!cV^ta to all points
'•berond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office*. «Z0 Market st.. CTiron!cl» b'.dj,
I H. C. WHITING. R. X. RTAX.
i ' Oeceral Manaser. Gen. Pass. A seat.
Mustard used to be eaten whole Instead
of in the form of paste sjnade from mus-
Itard flour. M
V- -, • • - r- .
C7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invUed to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 10 o'clock, from the parlors of j
the California Undertaking Company, 405 I
Powell street, near Post. Interment Odd Fel-
lows' Cemetery.
PUFFER-In this city, September 23, 130), Fred
N. Puffer, a native of Bennlngton, Vt., aged j
27 years 9 months and 26 days. A member of !
Tamalpals Camp No. 427. W of W. (Bennlng-
ton. % t.. and Minneapolis papers please copy.)
(^"Friends aad acquaintances and neigh-
bors of Ca'ifornia and Redwood Circles., \V.
of \\\. are respectfully invited to attend the
funeral to-morrow (Friday), at 10 o'clock,
from the Pioneers' Hall. Fourth street, near
Market, where funeral services will be held
under the auspices of Tamalyals Camp No.
427, \V. of the W. Interment Cypress Lawn
Cemetery, by electric funeral car leaving
Fourth ami Harrison streets at 11 o'clock.
Remains at the i»arlors of H. P. Petersen &
Co.. £23 McAllister street.
ROBINSON— In this city. September 26. 1900.
Sophia A., beloved wife of Joseph H. Robin-
eon, a native of County Fermanagh, Ireland.
CTThe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Friday), at 11 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 2J78 Nineteenth street, thence. via elec-
tric funeral car from Eighteenth and Guer-
rero streeia. Interment private. Cypress
Lawn Cemetery. "
RUDD— In this city. September 26. 1900, Edwin
Rudd, a native of England, aged 53 years.
STEUBEN — Near San Jose. Cal., September 14,
1900. Harriet tti Steuben. a native of Brattle-
boro, Vt.. aged 7!> years 6 months and 13 days.
(Gilroy papers please copy.)
(CTFuneral services this day (Thursday),
at 2 o'clock, at the residence of C. S. Wright.
3201 Jones street. Interment at Brattleboro.
Vermont.
TOTMAN*— In this city, September 26, 1S00,
Jeremy Rockwell, beloved husband of Ellza-
i beth Totman, and father vt Leslie, Edgar.
Kussell. Isaac and Zada Totman and Mrs. I.
S. Toombs. a native of New York, aged 76
years it months and 1 Uay. (Marysvllle and
Colusa {open please copy.)
E7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at l:»r o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 26 Valley street, between San Jose ave-
nue and Dolores street. Interment Cypress
Lawn Cemetery, via electric funeral car.
WOLTERS- In this city. "September 16. 1900,
Madaline Loretta, dearly beloved daughter of
Louis and Katie Wolters, and loving grand-
daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Martin Tlerney and
Mr. and Mrs. William Wolters. a native of
San Francisco, aged 4 years and 11 months.
C7Th* funeral will take place to-morrow
(Friday), at 10:30 o'clock, from the parents'
residence, 51 Tehama street. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
C^Notlee of funeral hereafter. Remains at
the parlors of J. S. Godeau, 305 Montgomery
avenue.
PINKHAM— In this city. September IS. 19C0.
CSeorga C, beloved husband of the late Carrie
Pmkhum (nee Gardiner), father of Clifford,
Lloyd and Bernlee Pinkham, son of John F.
and Lydia J. Pinkham, and brother of Fred
S. and Frank P. Pinkham and the late Mrs.
Bralnard F. Smith, a native of California,
ajjed 34 years.
C7Frli?r.ds are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral this day (Thursday), from
h?r late resMence. SlS'j Clementina street, at
&:*Z o'clock, thence to Nu«"stra Senora de
Guaiialup<?"s Church, Rroadway and Mason
ctreet. wl'ere a solemn high mass will be
celebrated for the rep-we of her soul at 9:30
o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
McSWEENEY— In this city, September 25, 1500.
William McSweeney, a native of Ireland, aged
62 years.
MAHE— In this city. September 25. 1900, Jo-
sephine Mahe. a native of France, aged 27
years.
Grr The funeral will take place this day
(Thursday), at 9:45 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 415 Shrnder street, thence to St. Igna-
tius Church, where a requiem mass ¦will be
celebrated for the repose of her soul at 10:30
o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
riease omit flowers.
McNEIL— In this city. September 25, 1900,
Mtinuellta. UcKell, heloved mother of William
McNeil, the late James McNeil and Sarah
HenJrickson. and grandmother of Lucy, Jim-
my and Tlllte McNeil and \V. J. and J. Ed
Rorke. a native of Chile.
GTFrW-nds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
this day (Thursday), at 10 o'clock, at U27
Morton street. Alameda. Interment Mountain
View Cemetery. v
McENERNEY— In this city, September 25, 1900,
Elizabeth, wife cf Garret" McEnerney, a na-
tive of California.
CyFrien^s and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
i Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 11 Hickory avenue, thence to St. Jo-
seph's Church, where a solemn requiem mass
will be celebrated, commencing at 9 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
LEAHY-In this city, September 2S. M&, Mafia-
- line V.. infant daughter of John F. and Nel-
lie E. Leahy, a native of San Francisco, aged
9 months and 29 days.
ID'N'otlce of funeral hereafters
LYON-In Auburn, Cal.. SeptemW 22. 1300.
Edsar Lycn. youngest son of Mr. and Mrs.
S. G. Lyon. a native of California, aged 4
years 4 months and 2" days.
[T?Friends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral to-morrow (Friday), from
the Charel of the Passion, attached to St.
Mary's Hospital, where a solemn requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
soul, commencing at 8 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
KELLY— In this city. September 28, 1900, at her
residence. 1423 Green street, Mary, beloved
wife ct Robert Kelly, mother of John and
Robert Kelly, and lister of Bridget. Hugfi
end James Reilly, a native of County Fer-
managh, Ireland.
KENWAY— In this . city. September 25, 1900,
Delia, dearly beloved wife of Alfred S. Ken-
way, mother of Eveiin and Mary Kenway.
sister of Maggie, John and Julia Cullinan,
ar.d niecn of John Culllnan. a native of the
parish of Kllmichael, County Cork. Ireland,
aged !9 years and 7 months.
(CTFuneral services will be held to-morrow
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, at his late residence,
720 Sutter street. Interment private. No
flowers.
JOHNSON— In this city. September 26. 1900.
Harry P. Johnson, a native of Sweden, aged
50 years.
KELLY— In this city. September *«, 1900. Mrs.
Catherine Kelly, daughter of the late Bernard
and Catherine Gately. and mother of the late
Mrs. Mary Ellen Keegan, a native of Brides-
well, County Roscommon, Ireland.
•
ton street, near Union, thence to St. Hose's
Church, Brannan street, between Fourth and
Fifth, where at 9 o'clock a solemn requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repose
of his soul. " Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
JACKSON— In this city. September 23, 1900.
John Putnam, beloved husband of Anna Jack-
son, a - native of Cleveland. Ohio, aged 67
years.
ML SIC AL IX STnUME vrs - 1 n i\(UT\\ JlIWflflTIQPMEVTQ marriage licenses.
ABSOLVTELY The eldest aad larsest house. ALAiUL/1/ A Ali 1 Ell 1 ijEiiULiiMj* _ , „ ~ „ , .
west cf Ciilcaco is KOiiLER & CHASE'S IS t T* 6 following marriagre licenses were issued
K axd S3 OFarrell et.; pieces, orcans and I \ .- .-.-,,». — « .*. r.<-_.~ n yesterday: •'
fcll other aiusical Ir-sirusieats of all ffraJes J v ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE. John Chalfact, 80. city, and Ida M. Brown, .
and prices; terrr.s e^sv; prices lowest: every- j — " TT" —^~*~~^~~~*' 25, city.
fr.'r^ possible done to please- and satisfy the- BARGAINS la Improved and unimpro%-ed Ala- Albert Berdajrue. 4!, S3 Eddy street, and Lou-
castoraer ir.eda real estate In all parts of Alameda on l se d. Derheirrer, 20. 331>4 Bu?h street.
easy terms. Alameda Land Company. 1500 . ca r j f. Birkeameyer 49, 119 Third street, and
SRCB squares from S?0 to $100. Park tt.. Alarr.eda: fi Post St.. San Francisco. I Anna J. Zir.s 28 San Jose. -
. Nice uprltfcU. rii^htly used, from WO to KM). - S j Louis S. Bac<:-us. SO. J2" O'Farrell street, and
Fu'.l amo-jr.t raid allowed on new Chiekertr.it ROOMS FOR HOLSEICKEl'IXG. Mary O'Neill. i6. 1020 Mission street.
or Vc3» In two years. BENJ. CURTAZ & . -,. _^~^_^^ | Henry R. C Greenwade, 40.- 730 Shotwell
'SON, li fyFarreU «t. CALIFORNIA, near Powell— Sunny furnished street, and Maigaret S. Murdock, 35, 730 Shot- •
t/-.u»ti-» r r~rl iT^l, — « ,, . , Z — TT roctns or parlors; running water. well street.
fcOhMLR & OJ.. Byron Mauzy. oabler. Epeil- L Charles H. Shields. 33. Cosmos Club, and
man ar.a ctt.rr rianre. 3..S Pest st. CLAY. SCI. r.*ar Fillmore— 2 large unfurnished Cecilia C. Chryntal, 'i'T, S'^5 Kddy street. 1
U"NTL>-MAN c-!n* Hast will «acrtflce ele- rocrr.s; upper fiat; yartt: water; rear; rent V. \ Andrew -Wilson, 34, Valley Ford. Cal.. and
r.Ur.o. SU Golden G.te. FEL L. lU-Larjre sunny room nicely furnished; IgJ^^'SJ^»/ lMH Keirny street, and
BAKGAIN— Good pfa-.o caeap insiailrr.ent Jl kitchen and bathroom attached. Augusta Pamr-uiin. 2R. 1617 Dupont street.
a:onth. SCHMITZ. U McAUUter .t. FOLSOM junny furnished room; gg"^ *"*
W. G. BAOGEH. 412 Eacram-nto et.. agent for '-get houseket-ying. n .a. Charles B. ( >irist<?nson. 2S, Brent wood, and
Frarcis Pjlccp. and Hallett & Davis pianos. FOLSOM 1410 n?ar-i sunny rooms for house- Deli'hine R. Grin. IS, Br^ntwood.
v ,. p x -, n u nm ..,v „ „** „„* J^Z TT ke*p".ng"; running water; yard; *4 S per mo. j Albert W. L'man, 21. 206 Benntnsrton street.
Hi!?? 1 . 0 !? *»<>"ns. zithers, o'.d and new. H. •; —^ » '_z ; — and Maude F. -^teher. 19. R25 Bartlett street.
FILLER, master, repairer. 2 Latham place. HOWARD. 1224—3 or 4 tuncy rooms complete j Charles J. Ljtticken. IS. 2117-Larkin street,
REDUCTION sale; n»w pUsesi: $3 payments; for houseWrlrg.' _¦ an I 1 ,J da S l i 1 . z i vei l« r> i* 4l ,, 3( ; 60 El^ ht « enth g" •
y-f, „„. ,<> .._ pijt-rvv "-i p<v«t «t ' .. Albert G. Srrlth. 30. Vallejo. and Grace G.
.o. re..t. i- ip. Eia CNN. --5 Post st. _ nOWARD. 8r7A-Su!te housekeeping rooms. $2 Reams, 21. SuUun.
HIGH-GHADE pln.-r.or: Sterk. Hardrr.an. Con- per week: tir.g'.g room. 11. i -Milton T. Ffterlv. -5. Presidio, and Leona
ever & others. W. B. ALLEN CO.. 314 Post. HOWARD :CW _ A furnished room in private I Si ™~ • "• Eagj rjjkland.
SLAUGHTER W l« of urrtght pianos for .tor- J family for light housekeeping: cheap. | ffG^atemala Central America
» C «: gr> up. V.-:lson-s Ptorag*. 1710 Market st. , HyDE 40S _ Sunr!V frorit alflov . sulle complete >, I
S-rEPAL Btatnwmr: perfect order. >175. j for housekeeping. 120; also bas>m*-nt. «lo. DTTIIIina i If 1 nm « nPK nPlimnCI
KEEFFE-S. ,,3 Mar^t .».. bet. »th and «th. 3 PLEASANT^^-^u^Te^nK rooms: rent BIHTHSH^HARRIAGK DEATHS.
"oFF7cE«~*Vn"~STORE«! TO Lr-T cheap. 114 LeRuy place. c.T! Sacramento st. ;.
- " r* ' ¦ "¦¦*"¦ /."-.,- .^:. w "mark-t-t »--, fi^h i -~~T^^~*nd kl'chen BIrth - marriage and death notices sent by
GB'K^RS-etor»^Sr^i^r*SrGou«h. for-' f^^Id • 'o'" 'Fng b7d^«- »^ "s Ke^riy" i «*" will not bj. inserted They must be handed
merlr occupied by <~".u2 Bros, now by Stager ' OIjtng e ' g ' * — •n *t either o? the publication offices and be
Bret'., for rent Cram October 1; tCS. ASHTON MINNA, 322—8 or 3 housekeering rooms, fur- Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
& GAP.DINEP.. 411 Montgomery rt. nished complete; also sunny double rooms. 8 °ns authorize-; to have the same published.
:. ' hGK e>f,i::t store and basement; PC3 Valen." NICELY furnished front room, with privilege BORN
to a» S" tUE!= *" " aler: • Ult * bI '! » SA^Zf. r J^J!h-- CAPLEN-In it* city. August a. 1900. to the
— ; OAK. 11*— Sumy single rooms, furnished for 1 wife of CM. Caplen. a son.
TO let— Good store asd rocrrss. £T5 Ninth et.| housekeeping : J3 E0. 56 and $7 each. DONOHl'E— In this city. September 19, 1900, to
*'•*¦ ; _.-_ : ...,..__. j the wife of J->hn Donohue, a eon.
PAMU^ r : :. K^^jaSSoS^bS^aid 1^! " : ROSEn'berS^Bo" ton. Jafs September U
MilE. NEERGAARD has removed to TOO Po»t; iJ5~S ** ore - " € - M - £glon st - bgt - and - ! ' a j MOO, ta th9 v i fe of Le^ard R. Rosenberg, a
hnor» l m s n*. »n1 thtnOmy by nrrctrtmer.t. CLASSIFIED edvertisementa and subscriptions j ton.
— — ¦ ; j received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore Ft. j 1 ====:
! !^I^i!,L™'i^^™__ A BHANCH otflc. for CaU advertlsment. and j MARRIED.
WANTKTV-Partner wtth money ia a Banita- spt^criptiens has been established at 1006 j BENNETT— CLARKE— In this city. September
riuai. Afidres* hex 4419 rail offli* a!»rr-.a rt. 2S _ 1900^ by tlie , Rev William C. Pond, John
¦ ' ¦¦ H. Bennett <if Oakland and Ellen V. Clarke
PERSONAL * ROOMS TO LET — Fnrn. and Infam. of Ean Francisco.
. ~" ~^w^~^^^w^ HETWOOD- FRICHETTE— In this city, Sep-
pi 5 ,..„,-.. _._.-, ?„ p^e-Tr," '^r' ¦^i»-'~>^ A— BRUNSWICK House. 14S Sixth— Rooms !5c tember 26. 1?00, by the Rev. William C. Pond.
c»-e^?e^-fv 7AiW t5k r*me«- d^Ile r*n to II r"r right: Jl S to » p*r week, and ilght Charles Frederick Heywoodand Sadie A.
carpet tvine* in hank, cr chain" at lowest i p kep^i^.p: cpen all night. Frichette, both of San Francisco.
ra-.es. GEO. MATTHEWS. 709 Fifth. Oaklani a OflFT «rd ~«wtab> rrrr#. r i iE ht house- SVENDSEN-MYHRE-In this city. September
— vZ«, £1 t "t^e ho?A V.i,T n » 't 26 - "O* b >' lhe Rev - F - B - Cherlngton, Captain
LEPERER. the popular hairdresser, artistic k^t-ing; «uites J16 up; bath, telephone, St. H.'gvendsen of Bergen. NorVay. master
• hairdressir^ only by the best hair artlsta; ¦* James. McAlll?ter and La g u..a sta. of the Norwes i an steamship Horda. and Helga
25c ha'.r rolls ar.3 switches a specialty. BURNETT 14C5 Market (old No. 1"S4)— Fur- Myhre of Honolulu, H. I. No cards. (Hono-
THE HUDSON KIVER CO nlshed rms.. suites, single; al«o unfurnished. lulu and Bergen papers pieasa copy.)
"¦__"'¦•¦ HOPKE BROS. eUph. 120 'The Elk)— Char.ped hands: newly 7 TYT^n
Kattre«se» and r'.!1c^s made to order, r-cov- renovated, nicely furn. sunr.y rms.. Jl 50 to $7 . ' UXi<i».
m4 a^d renovated: honest work puarar.teed; we ek; iic to $1*50 nipht. MR?. P. RAXFT. Adaml. Chrlstooh Johnson. Harry P.
Prtees«efjr coraj-ptitJcnMJn* upholster}'; phon« : -— _ — ' Albano. Michaela Kelly. Mrs. Catherine
i.>C*: factcr>'. 3^ and Sla Eleventh st. ; first- ! BUPH. C24— Furnished sunny r^ms, suits or \nrer?on James Kellv Mary
claw c!ear.-.nK and dyeing. 128 OFarrell st., sinitle. 'S<c per nl«?ht up: transient. Anthony ' Albert' D. Kenway. Delia
T>ear Powell. San Fra^cls<-o. I T _ V^ P -. T , T^ f; ... F ,. rT ,,. hg a Bn-wn. ' Frederick E. I>eahy." Ma.laline V.
in X i D. fer^W*
cfc'Vo II rl'per WguVPuft re/we^k; CASTRO. BU-: unfurnished rooms: modern: $*$££&$&%
free 'ta. suid bagga^ to and from the ferry, j r*gt U S». iJS^. Mr? jSnUE. Mahe.^o^rhme lam .
FTITS to order »n ltsta'.lTaents : JU upward- ! CLIFFORD, SH ElHs, cor. Mason— Elegantly Eleen, Peter Pinkham. George C.
tl a week. LEON LEMOS 1117 Market tt ' furnished sunr.y rooms; prices reasonable. Frost. John H. Puffer, Fred N.
betwr, Seventh and El.hth. ESSEX ptaee . t . cff Essex , t .. Rlncon H11I -i gf^^^r^s tSS^ShS^:
PILES — iX r*rrr:aiient cures in San Francisco. I newly furnished room to let f.->r 1 or 2 grentle- Gladwin. George S. Steuben. Harriet N.
who ean be seen: no operation: no pain: par- j men; rath, hot acd cold water^ Hurley. Patrick Totman. Jeremy
f.cuto rent. Ad. Physician, box 1SC0. Call. rELLA rlace . w . off Powell , betwe en Bush and Jackson ' John R Volters ' Ma . daline U
MilE. ADA. the wonderful rtfted healer, re- Pine-Sunny furnished room* with bath: reas. ADA MI-In this city. September 23. 19$}. Chrls-
"° V^ to " LH M * rk< * gt - CfScgc 3 acd 4 - i GEARY. 53«_Ei;«ant front rarlor: riano: toph Adami. beloved husband of the late ¦ ?u-
PRTVATE detective work; reasonable rates; 10 1 suites: otber pleasant rms.; phone; light hkpg. f- a^H k"»h» 1^ rrfrl.Tfri^ Ariami a native
,.<,_;• ..s-f.--t.--p t tj biv tr- t»c«i«> m* ¦ — ¦ — . ( «nrad. Katie ana i.hrl5tine Aaami. a name
. -ar? "-^r-o-ct. j. v. KAi, o.. jetsie s.. GEARy> nSo-I^rge bay-window front room; of Nlederwelrel. Germany, aged 70 years 7
LEDERER'S C^lstcnlea Hair Tonic. S5c bot.; pbctec; reference. rr.cnths and 5 days. A member of Hessen
¦*-._ * *" * s £ •¦ - 1 fiv^a that f lotui 1 **^ rw^lrr«Ti * ----- . . ¦ - - Bon** volant Soci&ty.
Mt "" *^° Kl ** ta *' t glO<g> - 1=3 GRAXr> corTHERN. southeast corner Seventh (XTKrlends and acquaintances are respect-
SVITS to crder easy payment*. Art Tailor- & n(1 Mission sts. — Sunny rooms, en euite or fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
:zg Co.. u« MJct.. under St. Nicholas HoteL | sinzle; ladiee 1 parlsr; readingroom; elevator. <FriJay). at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
HAIR quickly c«rle4 cr waved by us!t* Tal- j HATEP. 671-Nice front room with or without . \^- €^ Jev'enth* a^d" EVpntn^^IntermVnt 1 ]:.
cott« curliat fluid: TSe a bottle; Aru&gisiu. board: in private family; terms reasonable. | q f Cemetery.
LEDERER'S Foarco Shaaipoo, 5c pkg. ; cleanse* ' HOWARD. IV*. near Twelfth— Sunny alcove I ALBANO— In San Rafael, September 26. ISO".
ar.4 fweetssi the hair: you rr.u«t trv it room, suitable fcr two; new and reasonable, i Michaela Albano, beloved mother o. Mrs. M.
: : I : Stevens, and grandmother of Chlotllda Stev-
V.'ANTED— Old-fashioned e'-lver. brass, copper j HYDE. lniS— 2 large eunny unfurnished rooms ens of San Francisco, a native of Chile, aged .
ware: c^irio*. all descriptions. 12$ Dupont St. ! and bath: rent reasonable. j 7S years.
ALTP.EDUMS E»j-pt:aa Henna restores gray LARKIN. 707. near Ellis-Large rooms, single j -^j^^beT^ed SSbaSd* of "ffle^M. 5 And^"-
halr to its catural color; tl. at all druggists. or salte: newly furnished; pas; bath; private. | fr^ a ' natlv^ of Virginia, aged 58 years. A
OST-OFF clothier, eld rold ar.d silver bought; LAS PALMAS. l*to Market st.-Suite of J or S j nserob»r of G* Id t2 Gate CamD No - 64 - Wood -
r^r^. rOLEMA>TS. 506 K>arny st. rrrs.: private; bath: sin, rms.; board optional, j "^^^Ynd* acquaintances are respect-
nuvsinii'i Tvin srnr-t^n^a MINNA. €67. cor. Eighth— New furnished bay- fully invited to attend the funeral services
lUlSlLlA.t! *>u MKUbOJS., window room. $1 rer week: transient. this day (Thursday), at 2:30 o'clock, at the
. I O O. F. Cemetery Chapel. San Francisco.
tR. C. C. O'DONNELL— Offlce and residence. NEW ARLINGTON. 1015 Market St.— Nicely J Members cf Golden Gate Camp No. 64 please
ic:iv» Market st.. between Sixth and Seventh. furnished rooms. S- a week up: 33c a day up. i take notice. Remains at N. W. Leltch's par-
—^^^— — ¦—^^^ •. — _-__. ~ 71 — ; , ' , lors corner Eighth street and Broadway.
HEAL ESTATE— CITY— FOR SALE. N J?.T, °°Ei 0 ?l rf J*£2m7 Sm? «a»o«»b?/ ANTHONT-ln this ritv. September H, 1JC),
" e-iltes. a.sj ti..gie rooms, terms reaso..apie. j Albert D _ beloved husband of Bessie An- i
CLEAN INA*ESTiEE.VTS. OTARRELL. ?>— Sunny furnished rooms and • thony. s»on-in-law of P. Kelly, and brother-
AT A M. SPECK & CO.S. 6€? MARKET ST. offices; elevator: electric lishts: day. wk.. mo. ln-law of J. B. and F. C. Kelly, lirj John
. . — . I Hayes and Mrs. C. H. Townsend cf Denver.
tlTS 000— Pays € p«r oent net; Market at : one ROSEDALE House, 21S and 321 Ellis St.— Rooms, I c'clo., a native of Philadelphia, atred BS years.
te-"aat. night 2Cc to $1. week Jl 13 to $i; open night. C7The funeral will tnke place this day
jjfi.ooo— Pav« J37j: rrand comer; ail ranted. r»adin^ room, smoking room and ladies par- th cnce to Third and Townsend streets. >l:30
|4X5Q»-*W p«£« comer; one - f££* "^ Imerment Cjpress Ceme '
j 00— Rent, C3: new trnproreiiMaf. rocms with hot and cold water; baths. BRO\VN-Sept«nber 25. 1W0, Frederick E.
S2i.>» — Grand corner of J stores and five fiata; cacp WIFNTO 13^5— Three rooms' separate Brown, son of Mrs. Isabella Brown, and
few hiocks from City Hall; ail rented. - entrance •¦ la«« ™rT Rent ™° m4> - "epa-raie rother or j. W . an4 A . A. Brown. Mrs. D.
S::.600-Grtca store property; 70 feet front; ¦ crltracce - 2^1'.. 7"°" Kent vl " G. Alexander and Mrs. John Alton, a na-
rectt $2^0 a month; ail rented. i EHEP.MAN Apartment House. 2S Eighth et, tive of Andover. Mass.. aged 31 years and 3
JlT.SOO— Grand Invettasent; 40 ie«t front; near near Market— Furnished or unfurnished. months. (Andover, Mass.. papers please
Van Ness ave. and McAllister et. ; ! r — •; conv.)
rente Jl«. j TAYLOR Terrace. I and 4. bet. Lnlon and Fll- eb"F-ri~n<ls are respectfully Invited to at-
tV!.SX — Grand corner; rents J165; 70 feet front, bert— : and 4 sunny rooms; low rent. ten ,.j tne f un »ral this day <Thursday), at 2
on Main tt. rrrrrr" —7 _„.,. „, ____,. ...T^ki. *~- ™.-l o'clock, from the residence of Mrs. D. G.
K5.W0-Resu tMl =«» taprovement 9 . TATLOR. ,lS-?ulte of rooms suitable for mar- Alexanaeri 1W Broadway. Alameda. Inter-
fiqnw ntriTlt Oat*, r.ot far from "Van Ne.s; rlf>d <-°W' e cr , '. Btntlemen. also 2 slncle mAnt prlvalei Mountain View Cemetery. Oak-
rents JUOO: only H cash: ail rented. rcorr.g; sun all day. Und
tS.SOft— etor* property on Fourth «t_ ; one TA Y I^R . CC9— Large sunny front room, newly BYRNE— In San Jose. September 2<5, 1900, at her
ter&nt. fum'shed' private hou«e residence. Glon Brook Farm. Annie, beloved
JS,OQCr-Store prepcrtr en Nlsth it., near Mar- i-rn.gneq, rn^ate nou.e. mothef of Beg .
ket; ver}' cheap. TENTH 14S — Sunny front rooms; suitable for B ie Katie Robert J., Ellen, Charles E. and
J1.000— Rents «70; new flats near Van Ness ave. two young gentlemen. James H. Byrne, a native of Cape Breton.
I*. 000— Poet et.; t^ree Sate; rents J€0. ¦ ¦ Vova Scotia aged 66 years S months and 7
J4>?>— Four elegast fiats of 4 rcosu each., CLASSIFIED advertisement? and subscriptions
rtnts W. received at Call branch office. ZZW Flllmore et. C7">;otlce of funeral hereafter.
"^^ISlg SSa*^ C: ° aanUilI y; cear A BRANCH office for Call advertisement, and CALLAN-In this city September 23 1900 Jus-
B^-S^^TSS? iear Cto j^ Wor ta ; - t * b "' hed " ™ Voifn S. .^^^er^fh.^a^Jo^a^
rests : — -_^_z —^1 Irene Callan, daughter of Frank and the late
r &2£~OBKy cottage on Cajtro it. CHEAPEST and best in America-The Weekly Julia Rlverst. and sister of Edward. John.
J^,£«— Reata *w; \a^ejo it.; worta J3J00. q^\ U pares, sent to any address in the Samuel. Hector and Edmund Riverst and
,, _____ . ,_-. ,_, „.-.„__ __, tTnited States or Canada one year for $L Mrs. Annie O'Farrell. a native of Canada.
A. M. SPECK & CO.. ear MARKET ST. postape raid. aped 2Z. years 2 months and 21 days. (Mont-
" ZHI ~~~ "¦ ' real. Canada, papers please copy.)
nOOM< AVIATED (CTFriends and acquaintances are respec*.-
K^4J>orAETEp"^FOn PAEK LOTS. l~—^L— fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
H_UX!UAETEP ::: JFOIl PARK LOTS. r .v.em.n wish permanently 3 well- 'Friday) at i^termVnt "st"
We fcave eecared choice Rlcbraond aad Bun- furnished rooms with connecting bathroom: '^ nce .- A»_ p^". iUJiVn? via the' "o'clock
ret Lott. • location within Van Ness and Taylor end Mary sCemeter>, Oakland, Ma tne . o clock
Bush and O'Farrfll sts. Box 44S9. Call office. cre « k boat - _ t . ,.,-,«
tor EAPGAIVS' CALL OUICK. .. • CAMPBEI^-In this city. September 24. 1900.
TQc WAM LAK-.Al.-\&. CALL QU1LK. — - ANTE r>_2 or 3 housekeeping rooms; central; Frank Campbell, a native of Iowa, aged 37
Convert necmej^r U«. to our Lot*. , tate rrio. Box 4433. Call offlce. at the funeral parlcrs of
»C0 to mn-suwt Lets, crpoelte new Mtuie ROOMS A.\D BOARD. Charles , H. Ja<fb *<*£«? street, be-
BtMX&l graded, only $10 monthly. . __ £ J£ e ™ Pn Zl c™ S^mb« 25 19no Mar-
ggj and ea,y i^tall- J^ = of George Fourcade. Mr^ Andrew *******
ROOMS AXD BOARD WASTED. County Tyrone, Ireland, aged 53 years.
$73 to liv^-lyrel Lot* near M'ealoa Electric ¦ - • • CT'P'riends and acquaintances are respect-
O- -ZJL-rr?
g '- n i - Cross Cemetery.
HI i^ME^ilT^tthT^ suitable fr coaN gg&^ffi? .» Harr^S.^and^s 0 ,":
. yard; yood neighborhood: rent »0. 1519 Turk. of Albert. Joseph. Edward and the late
HOUSE for aal»— Tea room* and two baths *"~""*' " "~ *" " '^~~ "^"^ Mark Matheson. a native of San Francisco,
furnace. eJectrio lirhts, »ras, completely car- SPECIAL NOTICES. irT'Friends and acquaintances are respect-
peretf: on Pres:(:'.o He'.rhts; mar!n« view; lot ¦¦ ¦ ¦ ' fully invited to attend the funeral this day
ISSKltfB: house and canet» ore year oldj LADIES>— Chlehester's English Pennyroyal Pills (Thurzday), at 9 o'clock, from her late resi-
Frice JSuOO. Arp'y 211 Spruce «t.. betweea Sac- are the best: cafe, reliable: take no other; donee 2S5 Thirteenth street, where services
ramesto and Ciay. send 4c stamps for particulars. "Relief for w ",n i,V held, commmcing at 9:30 o'clock. In-
KOLI.Y Park Tract^.t. « O 60. in bl^Kk 8. %T''^^&J^o^&$tt gS^'Si^CSte £ Peter
555mb p-pered from V- 50: whitened. SI up; SEE W»«d EmejUn. Eisen, ,
W. J. CCX.V. £30 California »t. painting done. Hartman Paint Co.. 31» Third. M.S 15 da>^
J1J.C00-COKNER 'ot. 100x120; new bu'lfiln*. ROOMS parered from $2 50: whitened. $1 up; (^Friends and acquaintances are^respect-
prrocery «nd tar. stcrk and fixture*: on end ralntir.K done. Hartman Paint Co.. S19 Third. fully Invited to attend the fungal to-mono w
of car line: clearing J300 mo. Box 371« Call — • (Friday), from Red Men s Hall £10 Bush
. . : = -/ v '*"-. BAD tenants ejected for M: collections made; street where services will be held under the \
FOR SALE— S1W0 cottage; 4 rooms; lot 30r70. city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO.. a u«pices of Schiller Stamm No. 2T5. U. O. ,
4 Church lar.e. cear Sixteenth st. 415 Mor.tecmery St.. rooms 9-10; tel. 55SD. r» M . commencing at 1:30 o clock. Crema-
¦ ,.• ", i o. O. F. Cemetery. Remains at tho
MjDERS hous* built ;lowest pric«s:plans and CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly L^rri of II F. Suhr & Co.. 1137 Mission
e-tlmate* fcrrTghed. Campbell. 1347 Mission. Call. 14 rjajres. sent to any address in tha itreet between Seventh and Eighth.
MISSION cottar: new: 6 rocms. bath: lot Mx " Canada one year for $1. FRCST -In this city. -Sep""*" | * "^ *J»
rr :W r. g; t>nn. suit buyer. 4» Kearny t. •?' ™"' === Ha^l M. fSS
— SEWING MACHINES A\D SUPPLIES. L* native of Gardner. Me., aped 46. years.
BEAL ESTATE COL%TnY For Sale : r£rFrieti«l« and acuuaintances are respect-
-.-. T"*,*"^ — ;~r — ¦ — ALL k!n<5* bought, sold, rented, exchanged; re- *,,mv Irvited to attend the funeral to-morrow
ACCURATE r^rsonal knowie^pe-^ach ct the pairtnjr lowest rates: open even. 2G5 4th st. fcvwtav) at 2 o'clock, from the Masonic
KM naetes en my SALE and EXCHANGE __ w __, T.>rnDte corner Tost and Montgomery streets,
li^t. More than lul other agents in this city. DOLGHT. sold, ynted. repaired; needles and 51, t 'hP kusnices of Klnsr Solomon"s Lodpe
N. P. SICKLES, the land agent. 6 Geary st. j shuttles; reduce<Trates. 145 6th; phone Mint 45. de ;fi0. V? and A. II. Interment Masonic
CITV rrcp^rty and farms sold cr exchanged; ! ALL kinds boucht, sold and repairing puaran- Ceme'tery. r
li?;s free. Marten Griffin. 713 Market, nn. l I t"ed. Charles PlamWk. 1915 Mifslon. nr. Uth. GALES— In this city.^ September ' «• WWjMar-
__ _ _ — i ' earet Gales, beloved mother of John. Frank,
"77 ~ «TnilArr ivn \V4ni-nnr<iP« Llrzle and Josephine Gales. Mrs. alary Euef-
a I I.'I I \'h i r\rUDTICCI!CVTC rJ^J^E-J^iLJ^SHI^^i^- -tir. and Mrs. Mar K aret Johnson, a native of
tmU -LMJ '\i II iUijbiUL'\l\ BEKTNS Van and Storage Co.. 7X Mission St.; Belgium, aged r,2 years. ' e ~ xtM
\,Al\L,r\L\V ni'l KlVllUi^ULi.ll^. T rl. Main IMO; shlrplnj at cut rates. GILMORE-In this city. September 25, 1W.
._ , Thomas dearly beloved husband of Maria
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY. I a L fs°-\e i n I ;'g S a -r.d 6t ;^et a f d ph 1 ?n O e V> g!utn OV T f «r <1 g^^uSS? I £
niniCT nF 4f F<T ,TP PACIFIC Storase and Furniture Moving Com- Ftan-t and Mrs. 3 T Oillen. a native of the
?A!?^° ™J^*1 T ±1 F ? r»ny. n:0 FUlmcre ,t.; phone Jackscn m. '^^[^Tlhil city September 23. isw.
IITS CASH-r 50 ironthly till paid: cozy cot- Z^ — ~ T George 8.. beloved father of E. H. Gladwin,
tajre of 3 rooms; newly built s 4 fine lots; LEASE. a native of Sacketta Harbor. .N. Tt. aged T3
c^.:ckec-houFe«, shed and chicken run; lots '^ZT", ZZ, ,~~^i Z ri — T years and 8 months.
jl'.I fenced: fla« well of pure water; street TO W-Hm rooms suitable for light mannfac- y TrThe funeral services will take place
tracadamiied; near a flne boulevard 3 elec- tunng purposes. Apply at 511 Sansomc «t. ti^ day (Thursday), at 10:30 o'clock, at the
trie car lines »rd model public school: no residence of his son. 2214 Howard street. In-
.cclrt winds nor fcg; elte grand; soil and cli- TVPEWUITERS AXD SL'I'PLIES. terment strictly private, Cypress Lawn Ceme-
•Tjate the ven' b^£t; iO families lo«ated with- "" -*—-—«. «. t . r _ bJ - xi:40 o'clock train from Twenty-
i'n Fa yfars; new to*Ti hall bulU: new church GREAT BARGAIN'S IN TYPEWRITERS— We s uth and Valencia streets. By request, no
"now'beirg erected; Frultva!*. adjoining Eajt sell better machines for less money than any flowers..
Oakland; price all told. rso. Kee this bar- house In the city: rentals. $3. The Typewriter tjitRLET— In this city. September 25, 1900, Pat -
pain at once: call cr send for circular. *ZZ Exchange. l~9 California; telephone Main 26«. rlc1t dearly beloved son of the late John'and
'SevtBt* ft.. Oaklar-d; carriage free. H. Z. A L-n\YS bareains in tvrjewritem- anv nuVn Hanora Hurley, and brother of Thomas. Jerry,
FL-RNI^HHD cr unfurnished hou^e of 8 lante 110 Montgomery Ft. »££ Francisco, aged 30 years and S days.
rooms and bath: sanitary plumbing; lot Mx NEW lypewrUerlf down , 5 moath payment, . E^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
100; rfrtral locnMcn. Apr^ly C?9 t »tn st.. OaKld. rfa*\LK 409 California st. filly notified to attend the funeral to-morrow
A — — — *— —^^^ i ' ' — i— — i^—^—^ (Friday), at $ o'clock, from'the undertaking
.T (jAKLA.'.t IIOC3ES TO LET. DIVIDE* D SOTICES. parlors of Valente. Marlnl & Co.. 1524 Stock-
OOOr> house* f^ t rj llst . frorn \ v - AUS " t)I\nDEXD~Xotlce— Dividend No' l5 (fifty hcvdv i f ai i ar-HCD r~rt *
/tin- A CO.. im Proa'iwsy, Oaxland. c , nts ghar(?) cf the Oceanic Steamship HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO..
¦_ ¦ ¦ — Company, will be payable at the offlce of the (Successor to Flannagan & Gallagher).
(14KI 4M> FCi'MTUnE FOR SALE. company. 227 Market St.. on and after Man- DANIEL P. DONOVAN." Mgr.
V J~J^ZS~~~~~~~. -^-^_^^_ day. October L 1900. Transfer book* close FUNERAL DIRECTOR8 AND EMliALMERS.
*— introduction to yea from H. Scheilhaaa, the en Tuesday, September IS. 1900. at S o'clock 20 Fifth st.. opposite Lincoln School,
furniture dealer. Utb and Franklin, Oakland. p. m. E. H. SHELDON, Secretary. Telephone South fc).
' -i-i — L T-Ti-nif~-mrinfmrW>i nrnT w\ mTnilriTrTHrnnT' ' -
9 a. m. train is the Overland Kxpreas. Corxe>
epondtns train arrives at * p. m. dally.
¦ 4:10 p. m. Is Stockton LocaL Correspoadlnf
train arrive* 11:05 a. m. daily.
18:00 p. m. is Fresno and Bakenfleld Express,
with Bleeping Cars for both cities. Correspcnd-
in* t*a!n arrives at i >. ci. dally.
OFFICES— €41 Market st. and tn Ferry Depot,
San. rV^nrUmr yin Broadway. Oaaltnd. _Mrs. Lewis' Concert.
A second song recital will be given
Friday evening by Mrs. H. Lewis, so
prano, at Sherman-Clay Hall. Mrs. Lewis
will be assisted. by Mile. Elena Roeckel,
contralto: Mr. Batchelder. baritone; Mrs.
Albert W. Nielson, cellist; Master Willie
Rickey, violinist, and the Press Club
quartet.
NEW LATTNDRY ORDINANCE
TO BE TESTED IN COURT
Its Constitutionality, Owing to Pro
hibitory Working Hours, Is*
Called Into Question.
Six Chinese who were arrested on the
water front Saturday night by Sergeant
Brophy for violating the new laundry
ordinance prohibiting any work in . that
line being done between the hours of 7
p. m.' and^ 6 a. m. appeared before Judge
Cabanlss "yesterday. They were repre
sented by Attorney Madden.
The Judge fined Ah Get, one of the six,
I out of danger. He said he was in the
: habit of taking pepsin and mistook a bot
tle of lysol for the pepsin bottle as they
I were both alike.
Took Lysol for Pepsin.
F. P. Noble, a brother of Dr. Noble, was
taken from 319 O'Farrell street yesterday
morning to the Recefving Hospital suffer
ing from lysol poisoning. The usual anti
dotes were administered and he was soon
As a tonic, nothing In the world beats Jesse
] Moore "AA" whiskey.
Hibernians Hold Smoker.
After initiating fourteen new members
last night at Its hall on Ninth street Di
vision No. 5, Ancient Order of Hibernians,
recently instituted and composed of the
younger element of Krin's sons, held a
smoker. President Frank Drady was
master of ceremonies. Among the enter
tainers who contributed to the pleasure
of the evening were Professor McCarthy.
Irish piper, and Thomas d'Arcy, Irish
pianist.
Death of J. H. Frost.
J- H. Frost, orfe of the best known com
mercial travelers on this coast, died at
his home on Eleventh avenue and I street
yesterday afternoon after a prolonged ill
ness. He had been ailing for the pasl
year and little hope was given for his re
covery. He had been in the employ of
W. P. Fuller & Co. for the past thirteen
years. Previous to that he was employed
by the Standard Oil Company. Deceased
leaves a wife and two children. The fu
neral will be held Friday , at 2 o'clock
from the Masonic Temple. He was a
member of the Benevolent Order of Elks,
King Solomon Lodge, Free and Accepted
Masons, and of the Commercial Travelers'
Association. •-. .-\> -.¦
Dr. C. C. O'Donnell. the Independent
candidate for Congress from the Fourth
District, makes his fight with his own
money and his own brains. He asks noth
ing from the corporations and Is con
trolled by no parties nor bosses. By elect
ing him the people's Interests will be pro
tected. •
Impressive Russian Service.
An Impressive service was held at tne
Russian' church, on Washington Square,
last night In commemoration of the find
ing of the cross by St. Helena in the be
ginning of the fourth century. The cere
mony Is an annual one and was observed
last night In the temples of the Greek
faith the world over. B+shop Tikhon
preached an eloquent sermon. To-day a
mass will be celebrate-1 at 10 o'clock and
a special service will bt held to-night.
MANY APPLICANTS
FOR CLERKSHIPS
Civil Service Commission Holds an
Examination at the Girls' High
School.
The Civil Service Commission held an
examination last night at the Girls' High
School for "experienced clerks" for the
Tax Collector's office. One hundred and
twenty-eight participated.
Applicants were examined on "general
knowledge of duties," "letter , writing;"
"penmanship and spelling" and "arithme
tic." The questions In the above papers
were such as were calculated to tax the
brain of any future Tax Collector's clerk.
They'all had a direct. hearing on the sub
ject in hand and will result in the selec
tion of a number of competent clerks.
For Convenience of Passengers
An office has been established In the Oak
land ferry depot, on the ground floor in
the center of the building, where passen
gers can leave their baggage checks,
thereby saving in the transfer of their
baggage, our rates being lower. Don't
give up your checks on the trains. Mor
ton Special Delivery. 408 Taylor street and
(50 Market street. •
Mr. Mihran has returned from his trip
to the Orient, where he was fortunate
enough to secure a private collection of
Persian rugs belonging to a Persian
"Kahn."
On his arrival In New York he was of
fered large Inducements to dispose of the
collection there, but he refused, preferring
to reserve It for his San Francisco pa
trons.
Art lovers will see many marvelous
specimens of rare antique "Klrman" and
"Sine" rugs when the collection Is exhib
ited In the near future.-
The annual convention of the Woman's
Christian Temperance Union of San Fraai
cisco will convene to-morrow forenoon
at the First Baptist Church. Eddy street,
near Jones. In the evening an addres3
on "Adulterated Foods as Disease Pro
ducers" will be delivered by M. F. Under
wood.
W. C. T. U. Convention.
Appropriation for Stationery.
City Attorney Lane Informed the Board
of Supervisors yesterday that the sta-
POLICE EXPECT TROUBLE
WITH THE HIGHBDJDERS
Warring Tongs Now in Alaska May
Transfer Operations to This
City.
The police are preparing for a carnival
of crime among the Chinese tongs this
winter. News has reached Chinatown
from Alaska of a serious highbinder con
flict now in progress in northern waters,
which Is soon to be transferred to this
city. The Sue Dons and ihe Ong Ylcks
became involved in a struggle over a
gambling game and since the opening of
the hostilities several lives have been sac
rificed. In one instance the opposing fac
tions fought with redhot Irons, while
hatchets and pistols were frequently re
sorted to.
When the last vessels from the north to
arrive In this city le,ft Alaska the excite
ment had not abated and the transporta
tion companies were arranging to bring
the hostile tongs down on separate ves
sels. Most of the Chinese will reach this
city next month and will continue their
struggle here.
Eastern Star Entertainment.
Harmony Chapter of the Order of ths
Eastern Star gave an invitational enter
tainment and dance last evening to Its
many friends in Golden Gate Hall. There
was an attendance of ladies and gentle
men which tilled the hall to its limit. The
entertainment consisted of specialties,
vocal selections, sketches and fancy
dancing contributed by Harriet Moyne,
\V. G. Nelson. Frank Merwln, F. P. Scul
ly, Miss Emma Nlcolia, W. J. Hynes, L.
A. Larsen,- Laura Hink and Phoebe Dunn.
The event was under the direction of
Margaret Kelton. Annie B.^Johnson. Mrs.
Robert Carson. Mrs. H. Cornehl. Miss L..
Bronson, Frank H. Kerrigan, M. J. Kel
ly, Mrs. H. C. Porter, Miss Craig. M. J.
Savage, Dr. A. H. Millberry. Robert Car
son. Airs. Emma Carter, worthy matron,
and J. C. Kimball. worthy patron, who
was master of ceremonies.
URGES IMPROVEMENT OF
ARMY-STREET SWAMP
Board of Public Works Recommends
an Appropriation to Construct
Connecting Sewer.
The Board of Public Works recommend
ed on Monday last that the Board of Su
pervisors authorize the . acquisition by
purchase of a strip of real estate between
Serpentine avenue and Army street. 30 by
600 feet, and another piece 30 by 300, the
property of Samuel Bloom, who offers to
sell the land for $3150. The purchase of
the loi 80 by 300 feet, owned by Robert
HIndd, who holds It at $1250, Is also rec
ommended.
The board figures that a sewer can be
constructed thereon for $5000 which, with
the one to be completed on Bryant street,
will stop the How of refuse into the
swamp lying eastward from Potrero ave
nue,, between Army and Twenty-sixth
streets, which has been condemned as un
sanitary by the Board of Health.
An appropriation of $9-400 for the pur
chase of the property and the construc
tion of a sewer from the crossing of
Twenty-fifth street and Potrero avenue to
the sewer in Army street is asked for by
the Board of Works.
Fr>r some weeks past a persistent rumor
has been floating about the Custom-house
to the rffict that charges had been tiled
et Washington against the management
nf the Chir.ene Bureau at this port by
Chief Dunn. Ever since Chief Dunn as
sumed the- management of the bureau the
Chinese coolie importers have tx-en dis-
KiiUsfied with the strict manner in which
he has be^n enforcing the provisions of
the exclusion act. A few weeks ago a
charge was filed with the Collector b v At
torney Stephen Costello alleging that
Chief Dunn had allowed a Chinese Immi
grant to die in the County Jail for lack
of proper medical attendance. Subse
quently Attorney Lyman I. Mowry com
plained to the Co.iector that Chief Dunn
had deponed a Chinese. client of his while
ac appeal was pending. Investigation by
tTie late Col!eetor of the Port Jackson
¦hawed that these complaints were not
bas-t-d on m^rit. and they were dismissed.
In view of the rumor that charges had
been f.led with Immigration Commission
er Powderly against Chief .Dunn. The Call
correspondent at Washington interviewed
Mr. Powderly yesterday. Following is the
oorresporsdent's report:
"Coir.migpioner Powderly when aFked
CHIEF DUNN
IS VINDICATED
Powderly Says There Will
Be No Changes in Local
Chinese Bureau.
?
Describes Charges Filed at Wash
ington as Being Only of the
Perennial Unfounded
Kind.
The expose In the papers of the way In
which Constable Ahearn of Port Costa ar
rested J. C. Wells, a respectable laborer,
on his way to Vallejo. and detained Wells'
watch and $7 of his money, which Captain
Seymour compelled Ahearn to return, led
to the receipt of an extraordinary letter
by the captain yesterday. The letter was
sent from Reno. Nev., and was signed
"R. Livingstone."
Livingstone wrote that he had seen the
account of Ahearn's doings in the papers
and that he had been a victim of
the Constable. About two months ago
he was walking along the railroad to Val
lejo and was taking a rest on the ties at
Port Costa, when Ahearn came up to him
and gruifly asked him what he was doing
there. Livingstone replied that he was a
i expectable Laboring man looking for a
job. Ahearn made him stand up and
rearched him, taking $5 from a roll of $2S
he had In his pocket. Livingstone asked
the return of the $5 and Ahearn retorted,
''Get out of here," and threatened to ar
rest him for trespassing on the railroad
reserve. Livingstone again demanded his
$5 and Ahearn struck him on the jaw
and said he would give him six months If
he did not move away. He moved.
Livingstone says that many Marshals
and Constables In the Interior compel men
afoot to give them money. He gave a
brakeman $1 for a ride from Bakersfleld
to Fresno recently, and when the train
reached Provo the Marshal made him give
up $2 60, although the brakeman told him
he was getting a free ride. About three
years ago he had been working in Los
Angeles, but lost his Job. He started to
walk to this city and on the way had to
give up $12 75 to Marshals. The Marshal
at Bakersfleld offered to give him J2 to
be arrested. He took the money and was
sentenced to sixty days.' The Jailer let him
out the same evening, telling him they
had no money for his grub. He was ar
rested again at Provo and taken back to
Bakersfleld, where he was sentenced to
thirty days. The Marshal gets his mile
age, the Judge his fee and Livingstone got
thirty-six hours, as the Jailer would not
keep him longer.
"Every Marshal," wrote Livingstone,
"is good for from $1 to $5 and whisky, is
thrown in as a further inducement to be
arrested, so that they can get their mile
age and the Judges their fees. It is the
only State In the Union where laboring
men who are forced to walk from place
to place are made the tools* of Marshals
and Constables. I could give you the
names of a hundred laboring men who
will corroborate my charges."
R. Livingston Writes Tnat He Also
Was a Victim of Constable
Aliearn of Port
Costa.
Captain Seymour Receives
an Interesting. Letter
From Reno.
MUST GIVE MONEY
TO MARSHALS
to-day regarding possible changes in the
management and personnel of the Chi
nese Bureau at San Francisco declared
that no radical changes were contem
plated. He denied that any charges had
been filefl against Chief Dunn of the bu
reau, or against any of the watchmen at
the Chinese detention sheds, and said that
nobody in San Francisco or elsewhere had
made any oral or written complaint to the
Immigration Bureau against the manage
ment of affairs under c'hlef Dunn.
"Mr. Powderly said further: 'There is
absolutely no truth In any of those re
ports. The decrease in the number of ar
rivals of Chinese makes It unnecessary to
keep so large a force as formerly at the
Chinese Bureau in San Francisco. But
there will be no change in the manage
ment. Xo charges of any kind have been
made against the bureau or its employes,
except the perennial charges, which al
ways turn out to be unfounded.' "
$10 and discharged the other five. Madden
promptly gave notice of appeal, saying
that he would test the constitutionality of
the ordinance.
The Superior Court had sustained the
original laundry ordinance which made
the prohibitory hours from 10 p. m. to 6
a. m. on the ground that it was a proper
police regulation within the province of
the Board of Supervisors to enact, but
Madden contends that to make it a mis
demeanor to work later, than 7 p. m. was
unreasonable and unconstitutional.
Cylinder Head Blew Out
The cars of the Powell street system
were stopped yesterday for eight hour3
owing to the blowing out of the cylinder
head of the engine at the. power-house.
An auxiliary engine will furnish power
until repairs can be- made.
Accused of Burglary.
Kred Rocks, who was recently dis
charged from the House of Correction af
ter serving a sentence of thirty days for
assaulting with a bottle a woman with
whom he was living, was arrested last
night by Detectives O'Dea and Rlordan
and charged with burglary.
Several days ago. It is claimed. Rocks
broke Into the residence of Edmund Ton
teneau, at 164 Tehama street, and stole a
suit of clothes and a diamond ring.
.The property was found In a pawnshop
on Third street, where it had been sold
by Rocks. '-" •
the resolutions formulated by his superior
superior.
"Mr. Chairman," broke in the Irrepres
sible Ca3serly, "J shall leave the room if
you do not enforce your ruling."
Thereupon Denman. who had all along
been Itching for a chance to jump into the
fray, exclaimed:
"What are you after, Kingsbury? When
you are ordered out why don't you go,
instead of remaining to provide a sensa
tion for the newspapers?"
Kingpbury, pale with suppressed anper,
did not flinch from his position, but quiet
ly asked:
"Will you hear me out of order?"
"No, sir." thundered Casserly, -who
sometimes constitutes himself chairman
even In the presence of President Mark.
"We shall not hear you at all and you
should leave here and save any further
disturbance."
Then Denman arose and demanded that
the sergeant-at-arms immediately re-
the patrol wagon he can assign all felony
cases to the other courts also."
WRANGLE IN SCHOOL BOARD.
Directors Try to Have Deputy Super-
intendent Kingsbury Ejected.
The proceedings of the Board of Educa
tion wrre marked by a disgraceful scene
yesterday morning when an attempt was
made to eject from the meeting Deputy
Superintendent of Public Schools W. D.
Kinpsbury. Kinp-sbury had been delegat
ed by Superintendent Webster to repre
sent him at the meeting during the lat
ter's unavoidable absence and the dram
atic incident was precipitated because of
the board's refusal to recognize Kings
bury as Webster's representative. The
affair bogan when Kingsbury arose to read
IMPOSTOR RUNS ECTS
RACE AND IS CAUGHT
C. B. Porter, Masquerading as the
Owner of The Call, Commits
Various Frauds.
Chief of Police Sullivan has received in
formation that an impostor calling him
self C. B. Porter has been arrested in
Kansas City and Is held there awaiting
investigation. Porter has run a success
ful race of fraud for nearly a year. He
has traveled nearly all over the United
States representing himself to be the pro
prietor of The Call, and by this imposi
tion has succeeded in defrauding business
men, rallroaus, hotel-keepers and tradess
men out of various sums of money.
Time after time The Call has exposed
him and sent warnings. In answer to in
quiries, to beware of him as he was not
and never had been connected with this
paper in any capacity. These warnings
appear to have had little effect in stop
ping him in his career of fraud. Hu*
latest offense, however, is likely to prove
serious to his future prospects. A few
days ago L,arkin Sons of Kansas City
wrote this ottice for information regard
ing Porter, saying that he had attempted
to cash a draft on a representation tnat
he was the proprietor of The Call.
The Kansas ttrm was informed by tel
egraph that Porter is a fraud, who has
attempted to obtain money all over the
country claiming to be the proprietor of
The CfUl. Larkin Sons were urged to turn
the impostor over to the police at once
and not to let him get away. This evi
dently has been done and Chief of Police
Sullivan has been notified by John Hayes,
Chief of Police of Kansas City.
The Call has been tracking Porter for
nearly a year. In April last he was in
Minneapolis representing himself to be
the editor in chief of The Call. He offered
positions on this paper and succeeded in
defrauding several tradesmen and hotei
keepers. Carrying out the same fraud he
secured railroad transportation and was
discovered operating in Langhorne, Pa.
He also plied his criminal trade in Holy
oke. He Is represented to be a man about
forty-flve years of age and crippled.
tlonery and printing for use of the Boards
of Health, Fire Commissioners, Public
Works and Department of Electricity
must be paid for out of the specific ap
propriation for that purpose, and not out
of the appropriations made to the sev
eral departments named.
move Kingsbury, whom he termed in
"Is there not some way of putting him
out? He has no seat at this board." Then
testy tones, "a stubborn fellow." Casser
ly then turned to Denman and exclaimed:
addressing Chairman Mark, he said:
"I insist that the sergeant-at-arms be
ordered to escort this man from our
presence."
But Sergeant-at-Arms Armer, who Is
65 years of ape and of small stature, had
anticipated the order and realizing that
he was no physical match for Kingsbury,
who is of athletic build, had discreetly re
tired from the scene some time previous
to Casserly's call for his services.
"I demand that my protest against the
board's proceedings this morning be
entered upon the minutes." said Kings
bury, who throughout the dispute had
calmly ignored Casserly's outbursts.
"How can your protest be recorded?"
interjected Casserly. "You have no more
right here than the merest stranger. You
have no standing here; please remove
vourself."
"We are not here to consider protests,"
said Denman.
"Your past record Indicates that you do
not care for the protests of citizens,"
quickly retorted Klrpsbury.
"We are able to stand more, criticism
than that," answered Denman.
Mark was inclined to the belief that the
State law permitted Kingsbury to repre
sent his superior, but contended that the
charter was silent on the question. The
merry row, however, continued until it
came to an Inglorious end by Denman
moving to adiourn, which was carried.
Though Casserly seconded the motion he
voted against Its adoption, and bent on
having the last word, ejaculated:
"In recording this adjournment, Mr.
Chairman. I lns'st that It be entered that
we were prevented from performing our
duties through the Interference of Deputy
Superintendent Kingsbury."
WHEN" Judge Cabanlss adjourned
court yesterday he intimated
that en ar.d after to-day he
would hold court in the new
Hall of Justice. He wrote a
formal letter to that effect to Chief Sul
livan po that the prisoners assigned to
his court could he taken from the City
Prison to the Hall of Justice in a patrol
wagon.
Chief Sullivan will Ignore the letter, and
¦when the Judge takes his seat on the
bench in his new courtroom this morning
there will only be himself ar.d clerk pres
ent, as his bailiffs. Policemen Fleming
and Carmichael, have been Instructed by
the Chief to be on duty in the old court
room where tho prisoners •will be taken.
It will be interesting to note the develop
ments, as both the Chief and Judge are
determined to follow out their declared
intentions.
"All the courts will open next Monday
morning in the Hall of Justice." said the
Chief, "and I f=ce no reason why Judge
Cabaniss should not remain In his pr^senv
courtroom till then. It i« commodious ar.d
comfortable and he would not be incon
venienced in any way by remaining where
tie is> for three days more. The prisoners
would have to be taken from the prifon
to the Hall of Justice in a patrol wagon
and I am not poing to run the risk of
pome of thrm escaping-. There was an ex
ample of that not long ago when a pris
oner escaped frcm a wagon while coming
with other prisoners from the California*
Ftrrct station to the prison. Besides there
is the ir.convenier.ee. which is unnecessary.
The prisoners assigned to Judge Cabanlss
will be taken to his old courtroom as
usual and if the Judge is not there to dis
pose of the cases it will be his own fault.
The bailiffs are under my direction and
will not go to the Hall of Justice till
Monday."
The Judge said he did not care what
course the Chief took: he was determined
to hold court in the Hall of Justice. "I
was Informed," he said, "that Judge Slo
gan would return to duty to-day and on
that account I continued several cases till
to-morrow and Friday to be heard in my
new courtroom and that is one reason for
my action. I will not hold court In that
Etuffy. disease-breeding courtroom which
I occupied before Judge Mogan left on
his vacation. The drunks can be assigned
to the other two courts and If the Chief
is alraid of any prisoners escaping from
for presentation to the board providing
for the chronological order or appoint
ment of teachers. He had read but a
few words when Casserly asked Chairman
Mark to stop Kingsbury from proceeding
on the ground that the charter did not
grant deputy superintendents the privi
lege to represent the Superintendent at
the meetings of the board. Mark there
upon ruled Kingsbury out of order.
"I protest that the board has no author
ity either In the charter or in the State
law to prevent me from appearing here
as the representative of Mr. Webster,"
said Kingsbury. "I warn you that I shall
challenge the legality of your proceed
ings should you persist in denying me
the right to speak."
Kingsbury then quoted from the Politi
cal Code. State Superintendent Kirk and
the Attorney General In support of his
claim that he had a right to represent his
Sullivan Refuses to Seed Any Cases Cassedy atud Oeemao Wax Angry
to the New Hall of Justice Before Because Deputy Superainteedeint
Monday Next, Notwithstanding Knngsbury Insists on Represent-
Police Judge Cafoaniss 9 Edict, ing Superintendent R.H. Webster.
POLICE JUDGE CLASHES WITH CHIEF.
SCHOOL DIRECTORS ARE REAL NAUGHTY
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 27, 1900.
14
DR.MCNULTY.
T«HI3 WELL-KXOWN AND RF.LIABLE OLD
L Specialist ewes Blood Poison, (•onorrbcea.GJeet,
Stricture, Seminal Weakness, Impotent- 3 and their
a!lte<i Disorders. Hook on Diseases ot Men, free.
Over3)y ears' ex per ; ence.Ternn reasonable. Hours,
9to:; daily ;6:30 to*. 3Oev';;!i.StinrtaT*. 10 to 12. Consul-
tation freeaodsacredly confidential. Call or address
P. ROSCOE McXULTY. M.D.
26Jj Kearnysi., Man Francisco. C&L
ADVERTISEMENTS.
We are Cutting: Prices
all to Pieces During Our
Bis Clearance Sale.
Windsor Hotel, centrally located. 905 Market,
cor. Firth; |1 SO day up; rms. COc up. European.*
Great Americas TisportfHE Tea Gi
?10 Grant avs., bet. Butter and Post.
Ml Market et.. opp. Powell at.
a Market at.. June. California.
OUR BRANCH STORES EVERYWHERE.
Ladies" tallor-mad* suits, ellk skirts, fur
capw>; liberal credit. M. Rothschild. 526 Sutter. J
Big: Sale.
Fancy Design
Silver-Platcd Ware
Tea Spoons set 40 cts
Tablespoons set 80 cts
Table Forks set 8octs
Dessert Spoons. ...set 70 cts
TeaSpoons ....set 60 cts
Tablespoons.. set Si. 20
Dessertspoons set *i.io
Table Forks set $1.10
Not Set— 7 pieces.. set - 40 cts
Butter Knives...'.!* set 18 cts
Sugar Spoons set a 8 cts
Bread Trays ..J1.30
Fruit Basket Si. .10
Combination Sujjar Bowl
...61.5O
Pickle Jars ©1.30
Cake Basket 01.88
Chocolate Pot. 91.80
Tea Set— s pieces.. set 9<>4o
•v
o
o
y
i
n
S
our new stope opens Oct 1.
bahmce of /W balance o?
gloves Jj§ff J '-^* -- —-"^^"^^^ gloves
now 25c. JSt \^^^OOOD GOOD&s^ now 25c.
the last day
will be one of the most interesting in
a sale that for many weeks past has
been absorbing the interest of money-
saving folks, there are still many
short ends of desirable merchandise,
in almost every department, that we
do not care to move, and we'U not
count cost when we want them out
of the way so badly, come early —
and visit every department, you'll
be amply repaid.
our old store closes to-night forever.
Hale's.
Hale's.
Hale's.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SPECIAL SALE!
Thursday— Friday— Saturday.
A dollar saved Is a dollar earned.
Wo pleasanter way of earning
the dollars Is ever provided you
than these Rathjen special sales
HAMS, p»r I!) ~ 12k
Finest BUKar-cured Eastern Hams.
Regularly 14Hc
CLARET (ZfnfarrteD, doz qts $2.50
"ChoJce Zinfandel" table wtn»: Terr old
and rich. ItesruluLrly *3 SO per do*.
MAGIC CLEANER, per tin 20c
The wonder of th« age for remoTtnr rrcasa
spots from clothing-, carpets, rugs, ate
Regularly 25c.
BRANDY, bot 75c, 3 bots $2.00
10-year-old California Brandy, gallon 93.OO
Finest production In tha State.
Regularly ji and S4.
TAR SOAP. 6 cakes 25c
For healing chapped and sore *»M»
Regularly 3 for 25c
PINEAPPLE, large tin 15c
Sliced and very choice. Regularly 10a
SWEET CIDER, gallon 50c
Our new apple elder has Just arrived and
Is perfectly delicious.
CIGARETTES. "Egyptiennss/'okgof 20, 15c
Made by Monopol- Tobacco Works.
Regularly 23c.
KEY WEST CIGARS, each - 5c
"Perla de Santiago." box of SO. S3 B.
A clear Havana cigar, worth double th«
money.
Country Ordars Solicited— Catalogue Frw.
39 STOCKTON ST., near Market.
(OM Number 21 Stockton St.)
• TELEPHONE MAIN 6322.
I PAINLESS I
I DENTISTRY 1 1
|! ' Srenlncs until 9. Sunday* all J B
Bj Fuli Set of Teeth, patn- + H
N less extractions free..*4.OO aj 4 D
H Gold Crowns. M-k #3-SO up T H
J3 FHllnss : -3c up J g]
H Teeth Without Platet Our t |
I] Specialty. We give e«- t I
I "VAN VROOM,"\
g tOOt . MARKET, F
I SIXTH and MARKET.!
The Sfeinway
Pi2r.o is a work of art. The su-
preme excellence of the Stein-
way is due to the lifetime study
of three generations, each work-
ing: constantly to bring this piano
to its present stage of absolute
perfection. To-day the Steinway
lives in a sphere of its own. Why
not trade your piano for a Baby
Grand Steinway? Come in and
let us talk it over with you.
Sherman, Clay & Co.,
Steinway Piano Dealers,
Cor. Kearny end Sutter ets.. 6. F.
Cor 13th and Broadway. Oakland.
Cor' 3d and Morrison st».. Portland.
711 Second ave.. Se»ttle.
||| We Can Furnish All ihe (M
I Bar Outfits £ I
I Pacific Coast I
11 We have an immense variety of styles al- g
§1 ways in stock for immediate shipment. Your ||
H choice in oak, mahogany or curly redwood at |j|
H the lowest prices that can te quoted. |;|
p| % BEND TITS CENTS IN 8TAMP3 T0B NSW rUBNITCRB CATALOG t^j
I THE J.NOONAN FURNITURE CO.,Inc. 1
|i 1017-1023 Mission' St;, Abovj S.xth. |ia
p| PHONE SOUTH 14. SAN' FRANCISCO. |||