General Randall has received authority
to send back the indigent sick and desti
tute at the expense of the Government.
He had received over 3000 applications for
passass and there were still several thou
sand w,ho were, broke and who would
eventually be compelled to ask the Gov
ernment to assist them home.
Three Attempts Are Made
to Burn the Alaska
Mining Town.
THUGS CREATE
REIGN OF TERROR
IN NOME CITY
were young men; many a winter's night
we sat about the big stove in the store
back in Oneonta. N. Y.. and talked of
our future plans and builded air castles. I
was at that time 18 years old and Collis
P. Huntington was some live years my se
nior. The wonderful business sagacity
possessed by him asserted Itself from the
start. He was a success as a business
man. He had a jovial disposition and
made friends with all the country folk
around Oneonta.
"He was a man of remarkable strength
physically as well as mentally. I have
often seen him pick up a barrel of salt
weighing 300 pounds and lift it into a
wason. Mr. Huntington was an excellent
buyer. Frequently 1 made trips with him
to "New York, and In striking a business
bargain he was at all times alert and
active and he left no stone unturned to
keep his goods selling. In 1848 Mr. Hunt
ington left New York and struck out for
California.
"He had a hard time getting there, but
when he finally landed he began the great
commercial and railroad career which
marks him as one of the greatest finan
ciers of the country. From that time on
cur business affairs kept us widely sepa
rated, but we have kept up a frequent
correspondence, and I have often seen Mr.
Huntington. My last letter from Mr.
Huntington came a short time ago in re
sponse to an Invitation I sent him to at
tend my golden wedding anniversary. It
waa a charming note expressing his con
gratulations for Mrs. Deltz and myself
and denoting his sorrow at being unable
to participate in the festivities person
ally." . *•;/
her husband should be given 173 a month
ns lone as \u> lived 'out of contempt that
1 have for him." as the lady worded it.
Relatives Provided For.
"There were three other persons men
tioned In the will. To her daughter she
directed that $125 a month be given as
long as that relative llvrd. There were
also two sisters, or a brother and sister,
provided for in the same way— with an
allowance as long as they lived. I will
not be positive as to the exact nature of
the re!ationsrn:> of those who were men
tioned, but my conviction la that there
were four names that I saw— a husband,
daughter, two sister?, or a brother and
a sister. My reading was hurried and not
very careful.
"As far as I read I was impressed with
the bitterness which Mrs. Townaend
showed toward her kin In her will, for In
cne sentence she wrote. 'So relative of
mine la worthy of my fortune.' As iar aa
1 read I saw that Mrs. Townsend only
provided allowances for those mentioned,
but neither of them was to have any part
or share of the estate.
"What disposition Mrs. Townsend made
of the estate or who were named as tht»
trustees and executors I did not learn,
for by the time I had read what I havo
mentioned Mrs. Townsend herself came
forward from a chair in the corner and
I laid the will down upon the desk. There
was nearly a page of writing that I did
not peruse and since the lady's death I
have often .¦wondered.whaVdlapoattion sho
made of her big estate, as the unread page
of the will must have shown. I have salt!
nothing about this will because I did not
wish to become mixed up in the case at
all."
A Will of Recent Date.
•'Did you notice the date at the head or
foot of the will?" was asked.
"I only observed that the year was
1900. As the paper was clean and showed
no evidence of having been handled and
as the Ink appeared to be new and bright
I inferred that Mrs. Townsend had made
the will only a short time before— not over
a month or six weeks. No, I have no idea
what became of It, as I went on with my
work."
"Are you sure that the husband, daugh
ter and other relatives mentioned were cut
out of the estate in all except allowances
for life?"
"Why, certainly. Her words were too
bitter to even admit of their getting any
but small allowances^ — "no relative of mine
Is worthy of my fortune.' "
Monument and Peristyle in Memory of Volunteer
Soldiers to Cost $100,000 Provided For—Daugh
ter of Dead Woman and Other Relatives
Given Small Annuities.
NO relative of mine is worthy of my fortune." These bit
ter words are embodied in an olograpbic will which R. A.
Tuttls of this city declares was written and signed by Al
mira S. Townsend within a few months of her sudden death.
The document also provided that $125 a month be paid to the
daughter, Mrs. Ella F. Murray, during her lifetime, and §75 a
month to her husband "out of contempt that I have for htm."
Ths sum of $100,000 was sst a3ide to erect a monument in
memory of the volunteer soldiers.
Mr. Tuttle is positive that the testament was drawn up and
signed by Mrs. Townsend.
IT Is now known beyond all doubt that
Mrs. Almlra S. Townsend, "the sol
diers' friend 1 ," who died under some
what mysterious circumstances at her
residence. 1221 California street, on
the night of July 22, made a will dispos
ing of her large property in the early
part of this year.
Whether It fell Into the hands of her
daughter. Mrs. Ella F. Murray, or still
remains in some secret nook, where It
was placed by Mrs. Townsend. Is not
known, but that it once existed is attest
ed by a reputable business man, R. A.
Tuttle, the real estate dealer at 630 Mar
ket street. The important document came
into Mr. Tuttles hands under peculiar
circumstances, and having seen It but
once, and then only for a few minutes,
he is naturally very reticent about dis
cussing Its contents.
Mr. Tuttle was formerly associated with
the real estate firm of Madison & Burke,
handling for them much of their impor
tant land business. Mrs. Townsend was
one of the firm's customers and a fre>
quent visitor to the office, where she De
came acquainted with all of the employes.
An Olo^raphic Will.
One day about the middle of last March
Mr. Tuttle was engaged on land matters
and stepped across the office to a desk for
some data. On the desk lay several docu
ments and among them was one on which
the writing "IIOO.OOO"' attracted his atten
tion. He picked it up and a glance show
ed him that it was an olorraphic will.
Turning * to the signature, he read the
name "Almira S. Townsend," the signa
ture being duly attested by witnesses, one
of whom Mr. Tuttle recollects waa named
Woods. In speaking of the will, Mr. Tut
tle said that the body of the document
was in the same handwriting as the tes
tatrix's signature, and no printed or type
written matter appeared upon the two
large pages of the document.
"I was particularly struck," said Mr.
Tuttle, "with her bequest with reference
to the erection of a monument to be placed
in Golden Gate Park in memory of the
soldiers of whom she was so fond and by
whom eo much beloved. She also directed
that the sum of $100,000 be set aside from
her estate for the erection of a white
marble 'perrystyle' In memory of the sol
diers who went to the Philippines and
never returned. I was considerably Im
pressed with the lady's way of spelling
peristyle, with a capital P, two r e and
two y's."
"In another part of the will," continued
Mr. Tuttle, "Mrs. Townsend provided that
R. A, TMttaa Declares He Saw and
Read am OJographic Testament
Beading Her Signature and
Witnessed,
MRS. TOWNSEND
MADE A WILL
YESTERDAY arrangements were
made by the employes of the South
ern Pacific Company to shnw their
respect for the memory of their
chief. The arrangements will, in
a great measure, depend on the time of
the funeral services in New York, but the
principal features have been decided upon.
There will be memorial services in ' the
First Presbyterian Church, at the corner
of Sacramento street and Van Ness ave
nue, at 11 o'clock. They will be conducted
by the Rev. Dr. Robert Mackenzie, pastor
of the church. There will be a short
memorial address by Dr. Mackenzie and
some singing by the choir, under the di
rection of the church organist. Otto Flelss
ner. The services will last about an hour.
All employes of the Southern Pacific of
fices will be given an 'opportunity to at
tend the services and those in the yards
will bo given all the chance possible. The
offices will be closed 'all day.. - The ser
vices will not be for the employes of the
Southern Pacific Company exclusively,
however, for it has. been announced' that
any one who knew Mr. ' Huntington and
wishes to attend will bo made welcome.
It has also been decided to send a mag
nificent floral piece to the church in New
York from which the funeral will be held.
This will bo ordered in New York by tele
gTaph, subject to the approval of Mrs.
Huntington, and will be sent as coming
from all the employes on this coast.
All Wheels Will Stop.
It has been further , arranged ¦ that . for
the few minutes that will pass while tho
casket is being borne from the hearse to
its last resting place every wheel in the
Southern Pacific -system wlll.be stopped.
The shops will cease their bustle, cnginen
will pause upon the rails and ferries will
rest quietly upon the water while the body
of. him who i was once the head of all Is
borne to the grave. "The exact time will
bo sent out here, to-day, and all arrange
ments will be made with due regard to
the difference of the hours- here and in
New York. •
Yesterday the big yellow building on the
corner of Montgomery and Market streets
was draped In black. Over the doorway
the folds of black bunting fell heavily,
and over every window there was the
same sign of mourning. Every railroad
flag was at half mast, and along, the
street the railroad agencies showed the
same tribute to Huntington's memory.
At Oakland- and Sacramento, .Los An
geles and Ogden, the station buildings
nave already been : draped in black, and
telegrams . from the 'East state that be
fore to-morrow station buildings all over
the Atlantic systems will .wear the same
Insignia of respect.
, Meeting of Protest.
Yesterday morning all the ¦ local em
ployes of I the Southern Pacific Company
received an invitation to attend a meet
ing to be called to protest against the
articles which appeared In the Examiner
upon the life of ; Huntington. The notice
is as follows:
A mass meeting of the employes of the South
ern Pacific Company will be held at a time and
place hertaf ter ¦ to be announced to . protest
against the • mallcloua and shameful attack on
the memory, of the dead president of the com
pany. C. • P. ' Huntington, in • the . issue of • the
gan Francisco Examiner of August IB.-.'
-This attack violates all propriety,- shames and
outrages the i taste and sense: or right ; of , the
people of this city and the State, and it Is only
manly aa emuloycs o! the Southern Pacific Corn-
all business suspended there on the day
of the funeral. Floral tributes will ' be
sent to New York.
LOCAL SIGNS
OF MOURNING
bell. They were driven at once to the
family residence.
Story of the Death.
The casket containing the . body was
taken from the car and removed to the
house.
In speaking of the death of Mr. Hunt
ington, Private Secretary Miles, who was
present at the time, said:
"His death was very sudden. It was
due to heart disease, or, to bo more tech
nical. Dr. Coley states that death was
due to cerebral apoplexy; Mr. Hunting
ton was attacked with a severe coughing
Just after retiring. His wife and he occu
pied the same apartment, and when the
coughing attack came on Mrs. Hunting
ton gave him a glass of stimulant, as slio
had always done before. This seemed to
relieve him for a moment. Then he said
to Mrs. Huntington: '1 am very, very 111.'
Those were the last words spoken by
him. and he sank Into unconsciousness a
moment later.
"We had Jus«t finished playing a game
of whist and were all in our apartments
preparing to retire. Mrs. Huntington
called one of the servants and the alarm
was quickly given. When 1 reached the
bedside of Mr. Huntington he apparently
knev.' no one.
"One of the sen-ants was then hurried
ly dispatched to the steamboat Oneonta;
lying at her dock on the lake near by, and
she was sent for Dr. R. B. Taylor, who
was a guest of former Governor Louns
bery at his camp across the lake. Dr.
Taylor waa an intimate friend of the
family.
Doctor Too Late.
"Dr. Taylor came with all speed, but
when he reached the sick man's bedside
life was extinct. It was not more than
twenty minutes at the very most after
the attack of coughing started that death
came. • • '¦ ,,
"These coughing, attacks usually were
accompanied by a sligttt paralytic affec
tion of the throat and other respiratory
° r Mr nS Miles. sa.ld Mrs. . Huntington had
borne the strain of the trip to this city
remarkably well. . having regained _ her
composure to some extent since her hus
band's death. He also stated that the de
ceased was not affiliated with any
church in this city, and no decision had
vet been reached as to who would be
chosen as the officiating clergyman at the
funeral services.
Many messages of condolence were re
ceived to-day at the office in the Mills
building and also at the house. Among
tho«=e who sent expressions of their per
sonal sorrow were Senator Thomas - C.
Platt Edward M. Searles, Booker T.
Washington and J. , Kruttschnitt.
There Is a Will.
It has been' learned that Huntington left
a will, which will be read after the funeral
services. , .
Charles H. Tweed, in response to an ln
cuiry said: "I cannot talk about the mat
ter olf the will until after the funeral, but
you will be safe In assuming that there Is
a will." • ; - ¦¦"' * •>'"-'
Mr ' Tweed would give no estimate of
the value of Mr. Huntington's estate,
which Is variously said to be worth from
$27,000,000 to $82,005,000.
Seven Hundred for a Poem.
It developed to-day that Mr. Hunting
ton was the person who, at the time of
the great vogue of Edwin tMarkham's
"Man With the Hoe," had offered $700 as
a prize for the best poem on the "Man
Without the Hoe." More than a thousand
poems on the subject were submitted and
first, second and third prizes . awarded.
Mr. Huntington believed In the dignity, of
labor and he thought -the philosophy of
Mr. Markham's poem was harmful. ,
Dispatches say there was general
mourning to-day at Newport News, ¦ Va;.
where Mr. Huntington's great shipyard Is
situated. A committee of 150 citizens was
appointed to arrange for a commeraora
tiVa sorvifio. Shinvajda will ho closed, and
HENRY E. HUNTINGTON, WHO WILL SUCCEED C. P. HUNTINGTON
AS PRESIDENT OF THE SOUTHERN PACIFIC.
pany to express by resolution, or otherwise,
our indignation and to stand in this community
for decency In Journalism. .
. This concerns you. Will you be there?
No date for the meeting has been set,
but It will be announced probably for
some day soon after the funeral.-
Boland's Petition Blocked.
SACRAMENTO TO
SHOW RESPECT
The matter of the petition of Public Ad
ministrator P. J inland for' letters upon
that portion of the estate of Huntington
being within California, came before
Judge Coffey yesterday. The Public Ad
ministrator was represented by M. C. Has
sett, who announced tb the court that as
the case had not been regularly assigned
to Department 9 it could not properly be
taken up. He moved that the petition
go over .for a few days until it had been
regularly assigned, but Judge Coffey de
nied the motion, as he said if the case had
had not been -assigned to him he could
not pass upon anything relating to It.
Hassett then moved that it be stricken
from the calendar, but this, too. the court
denied, and then, of its own motion, the
court ordered that the pptition be taken
from the calendar list, where it had been
added.
Mr. Hassett explains the situation by
saying that when the petition was filed
he went to Judge Coffey and told him that
In the natural order of events it would go
to Department 9, and that thereupon
Judge Coffey ordered that it be placed
with-the other cases on his calendar. But
when . the ¦ case came up and no • assign
ment had been, made, that the petition
was taken from the calendar and it now
Is in the position of a case awaiting
assignment.
SACRAMENTO, Aug. 15.— The em
ployes In. the Southern Pacific Rail
road, shops in this city will con
tribute about $300 to the purchase of
flowers for the . funeral of the late
:/: ..C.P. Huntington. Committees were
appointed to-day at a conference of shop
employes, to draft resolutions, to arrange
for the floral tributes and to Ju>ld a con
ference with : the Chamber of Commerce,
which body intends to take some action
in regard to the death of Huntington,
who laid the foundation of his great for
tune in this city.
SPEEDING ON
TO THE EAST
g^ TLANTA. Ga., Aug. 15.— H. E. Hunt
t\ Ington, vice, president of the South
l^ern Pacific Company, passed through
I * "Atlanta to-day. In "his" special train,
' on his . way to New York. The run
from "Now Orleans to Atlanta, a
distancecf 496 ' miles, was accomplished
in a little more than ten hours.
MEMORIES OF*
AN OLD FRIEND
OMAHA, Nebr., Aug. 15.— In the
death of Collis P. Huntington,
',,'Gould.P. ;Deltz', of this city lost a
life-long friend, one- with whom re-
, -7, lations of the closest; intimacy had
been^maintained for many years.
'/."lyraB for, several years on terms of the
closest' Intimacy , with . Mr. . Huntington in
our,' younger ' days," ' eald ' Mr; Deltz. .. "No
one' perhaps ; knew*, him- better than I.
Many a time we slept toeether when we
HE. HTJTITINGTON will' ;
be the nsxt president •
• of the Southern. Pacific I
Company. It has not been of- •
ficially announced, nor will '.
tiiose xcho are high in the •
management of the company 1
admit that anything has been •
done toward electing a sue- *
cessor to Collis P. Enntingrton,- .
but The Call has learned from *
a source that leaves no room .
for doubt that the matter has '
been settled and there is noth- .
ing more to do than to call a *
meeting: of the directors. "
_ _ f HTT.E the preparations for the
III fureral of Collis P. Huntington
III are under way no one is willing
to speculate upon the possibilities
of succession, but there are j
those who know that the matter has been j
arranged for a long time and that the
6ucce6slon of his nephew to the presi
dency of the Southern Pacific was one of
the things that Collis P. Huntington
favored.
H. E. Huntington is the logical candi
date for the place In the opinion of ail
¦whose opinions are va.lua.ble and who will
express them at this time. By training*
and by Instinct he is best fitted Tor the
place and he has been training himself for
years in just such a manner as ¦would
Lest prepare himself for the succession.
What he is In the railroad world is due
to himself, for it was not until he had
secured his place among tie great rail
road men of the country that Collis F.
Huntington took him Into favor. And
eince he has been with his uncle he ha*
been aJlowed full authority and his sue- j
cess has been of his own making.
Those who know Henry E. Huntington
best consider him a financier second only
to Collis P. Huntingdon. He has always
r»<ren a financier, and he has always been
a successful* one.
H. Z. Huntin gton's Start.
Hls first work of any magnitude was
while he was superlntenuent of construc
tion of the Huntington lines then, eariy
in 1SS0, being run between New Orleans
and Louisville. He gave his especial at
tention to the Chesapeake, Ohio and
Southwestern Railway. His success with
those lines earned for him the supertu-
tendency of the Kentucky Central Rail
road, which he took charge of in 1&4
¦while It was being operated by the Chesa-
jteake and Ohio Company. It was In a
ba.d way at that time and It was decided
to put the road into the hands of a re
ceiver. Huntington was appointed receiv
er, a position he held for a year, when
the road was sold and he was made vice
president and general manager. Under
his management the road began to pay
dividends and In 1800 it was sold to the
Louisville and Nashville Company.
Then Huntington entered the service of
the Eliza bethtown. Lexington and Bis
Bandy and Ohio Company as general man
cgtr'and vice president, and he continued
Jn charge of these roads until he came to
Callfornia.
Ia all these ventures he was put in
charge of roads that were going to pieces
end In each case he bulk them up and
th© properties began to pay. He had a
marvelous faculty of grasping a financial
situation- His Instinct never failed him
and in the twelve years that he served
for Eastern roads he made no blunder and
no false move. It was that record that
brought him to the notice of his astute
old uncle.
His appointment to the Southern Pa
cific Company was that of first assistant
to* the president and his duties were to
perform those of the president while Col-
Jis P Huntington was away; and Just
about that time Collls P. Huntington was
arranging to epend most of his time In
The nephew took hold of the Southern
Pacific Company with the same skill as
be had shown In the handling of the
Eastern properties and under his man
agement the Southern Pacific Company
has epread and acquired until it has
nearly doubled Its business and Its influ
ence.
Beaching After Business.
When H. E. Huntlngton took hold of
the company the business of Southern
California was controlled by the Santa
Fe system. The Eastern company carried
nearly 60 per cent of the passengers and
freight and it was reaching out for more
until H. E. Huntington entered the nag.
He built feeders and cross lines and
tapped Santa Fe territory until the tide
of travel started his way and it was not
lo^g before he had reversed the figures
and it was the Southern Pacific that was
retting the €0 per cent of the busines*
and the other 40 was left to the Santa Fe.
He was placed In charge of the Los
Angeles Street Railway Company three
years and a half ago when it was on the
verge of collapse. The plant was old:
the cars had become strangers to paint;
the roadbed was rough and rapidly going
to ruin and the management was loaded
oown with useless expenses and hign
calaried officials. He ordered a change
at once. Within rix months he had the
management down to a working basis.
Jle renovated the cars and the power
; plant. He practically rebuilt the road-
Led and wrlded all the rail Joints in the
most jnodem fashion. He renovated the
« Id road to Pasadena and built a new one
out toward Pomona. He put everything
on a strictly business basis and last year
there was a profit of $30,000 from the
J>os Angeles lines and $17,000 from the
J'asadona line.
As a negotiator of rights of' way he
has earned a refutation beyond \ his own
people. He baa been Scnown to send a
•nan out over a piece of country to secure
f; rices and then when the list was hand
ed to him to scale it down from 25 to 63
j>er cent on eax;h item and then make sat
isfactory deals with ilie owners on that
basis. Ho waa never deceived In tho j
value of & piece of land and when th6
right of way men faiied to make pur
chases from obstinate owners he would
go around himself and he was always
successful in making a satisfactory ar
rangement and always on his own terms.
"Was a Born Trader.
Like his uncle, he is a born trader. He
will trade everything he has, but he will
lose nothing by the transactions. He
made a land deal in Covington, Ky., that
netted him thousands, and when he
bought the land at first he did so against
the advice of old land speculators and
financiers. He has made connections and
concessions and secured privileges and
favors for his road that are due entirely
to his own executive ability, and since he
fairly started as one of the managers of
the Southern Pacific its progress has been
mainly due to his efforts. He has studied
the railroad situation on the coast under
the most favorable circumstances, and
has seen where the policy of force
has raised opposition easily avoided- by
more conciliator}- methods. With the em
ployes of the company he is popular and
with the needs of the company he is thor
oughly familiar, and his ability has placed
him In the line of succession as first vice
president.
He was born in Oneonta, X. T., in 1S50,
and is etlll in the prime of life and vigor,
and while nothing official has been said
about the succession. It has been decided
that under him the Immense interests
that Collis P. Huntington left eo suddenly
can best be carried on.
Tweed's Candidacy.
Immediately upon the death of Collis P.
Huntington the report was spread that
his successor would be Charles H. Tweed,
general counsel and second vice president
of the Southern Pacific Company, but in
a dispatch from Xew York he Is quoted
in a way that seems to indicate that he
believes H. E. Huntington will get the
place. He is quoted as saying: "Mr. H. E.
Huntington, nephew of Mr. C. P. Hunt
ington. Is the first vice president of the
company. I am the second vice president.
But all that Is a matter for future ar
rangement."
The choice of the president , will rest
with the directors, and as all who can are
hurrying East to attend the funeral or
are already in New York it will be some
time before they can be called together.
In the meantime speculation Is rife among
the employes. It was reported that
Thomas M. Hubbard, representing . the
Searles Interest In the company, would
oppose the election of H. E. Huntington
on the ground that the policy of the de
ceased president was Inclined to be rather
antagonistic than placating and that the
nephew would more than probably follow
In his uncle's footsteps. The policy of an
tagonism, however, has not been that of
H. E. Huntington, and his policy while in
control of other roads has been anything
but unpopular. In fact, his policy haa
always been his own, and it is not likely
that he will reflect any one but himself
In the management of any of his enter
prises.
BODY BROUGHT
TO NEW YORK
Private Secretary George
E. Miles Tells Story of
Huntington' s Death.
fc / EW YORK. Aug. 15.— The body of
IVI Collis P. Huntington, who died on
I 4 Monday at his lodge in the Adlron-
I dack Mountains, was brought to this
* city to-day on a special train over
the New York Central Railroad,
reaching the Grand Central station at 4:35
o'clock. It now rests in its casket in the
library of the Huntington town house at
2 East Fifty-seventh street, where it was
taken directly from the station. The fu
neral services, it has been announced, will
be strictly private and will be held at 11
o'clock Friday morning.
Princess Hatzfeldt, the late Mr. Hunt
ington's adopted daughter, wlio is now in
London and who was to have sailed for
home yesterday on the steamer Majestic,
did not sail. She was notified by cable
of the death of Mr. Huntington and be
ing unable to be present at the funeral
win delay her homecoming for a short
time.
While no decision has been reached as.
to the choice of the officiating clergyman
Mr. Miles stated this evening that he
would probably be of the Presbyterian
faith or possibly a Congregationalism Mr.
Miles states that nearly two hundred tel
egrams of condolence had been received,
but declined to make public the contents
of any or to say from whom they were
received. He stated that they came from
all parts of the United States and Eu
rope and some even from Asia and India.
it has been' announced that the pall
bearers chosen are D. O. Mills, Edward
King of the Union Trust Company, F. P.
Albert of the Central Trust Company,
Edwin Hawley, traffic manager of the
Southern Pacific; Charles H. Tweed, sec
ond vice president of the Southern Pa
cific: Martin Erdmann and E. P. Schwerln
of the Pacific Mail Steamship Company,
and C. A. Low, an old friend of the de
ceased.
1 In the party which accompanied the
body to this city from Racquet Lake,
where the millionaire's summer, home was
situated, were Mrs. Huntington, the
: widow; Archer M. Huntington, the
adopted son, and his wife; Miss C M
Campbell, a lifelong friend of Mrs. Hunt
ington; Mansfield Hillhocse and Mrs.
Hillhouse. sister of Mrs. Huntington;
Isaac E. Gates, brother-in-law of the de
ceased and a very close confidential ad
viser: George E. Miles, private secretary,
and William E. Colcy, who was a guest
at the camp.
• When, the train drew Into the station
and the party left their special car Mrs.
Huntington. wearing deep mourning and
heavily veiled and leaning on the arm of
Mr Gates, was escorted to the family
carriage waiting at the entrance. Mr.
and Mrs. Archer Huntington followed
and then came Dr. Coley and Misa Camp-
Memorial Services Will Be Held Mere, and AH the
Company's Wheels Will Stop at the
floment of Burial an New
York City.
His Promotion Has Beem Arranged,
and All That Is Necessary Us
to Call the Directors
Together.
HENRY E. HUNTINGTON WILL BE THE NEW
PRESIDENT OF THE SOUTHERN PACIFIC
SAN FRANCISCO, THURSDAY, AUGUST 16, 1900.
VOLUME LXXXYIH-NO. 77.
PRICE FIYE CEjSTS.
Sentenced for 2Ioon shining.
Charles Newman, convicted of illicit dis
tilling in his vineyard In Santa Clara
County, was sentenced yesterday by
United States District Judge de Haven to
one< month's Imprisonment In the San
Francisco County Jail and a fine of 1190.
ADAMS JURY COMPLETED
AND HIS TRIAL BEGINS
Opening Statement Made by Prosecu
tion—Self-Defense Will Be De
fendant's Plea.
A Jury to try George G. Adams, for the
murder of E. S. Kepner, was secured In
Judge Lawlor's court yesterday and the
opening statements of counsel were made.
Assistant 'District Attorney Alford made
the opening statement on behalf -of the
people and was followed by ex-Judge
Ferral, who represents the defendant.
Mr. Alford laid special stress on the ac
tions of the defendant subsequent to the
commission of the homicide at 44 O'Far
rell street, the flight of the prisoner to
San Mateo County and his efforts to board
an outgoing train being pointed to as evi
dence that he knew that he had no valid
defense. The prosecution theorized that
the motive for the crime was evidently
the defendant's desire to revenge himself
on his employer, who had dismissed him
from his position, but only after numer
ous complaints had been lodged against
him by customers.
Judge Ferral, on behalf of the defend
ant, said that he would prove that his
client acted in self-defense.
SEATTLE, Aug. 15.— The criminal ele
ment Is again in the saddle at Nome, ac
cording to passengers who arrived from
the north by the Centennial to-day. For
a week or more prior to that vessel's de
parture thugs, thieves and firebugs had
kept the city In a state of suppressed ex
citement and talk of lynching was to be
heard on every street corner. The crimes
were apparently the work of an organized
gang, which carried on Its operations sys
tematically, regardless of the military.
The greatest indignation has been
aroused by the discovery and frustration
of at least three separate and distinct at
tempts to burn the city, and a rumor was
in circulation on the streets that a gang
of firebugs had planned to start fires in
various parts of the city simultaneously
and loot the banks, shops and stores dur
ing the progress of a general conflagra
tion. The local columns of the news
papers are full of accounts of the doings
of highway robbers, burglars, pickpockeu
and incendiaries.
The Centennial brought also news of the
wreck of several vessels on the Nome
beach on August 2 and 3. during which
time a severe storm raged. The steamer
W. K. Merwin Is a total wreck. She
drove ashore on the afternoon of August
2. So far as known there were no lives
lost, the crew having escaped to the shore
In small boats. B£*^fl
During the storm the tug Effort drifted
broadside on the beach and sot bilged.
The schooner Teaser also drifted on th«
beach* and lay on her beams' end. Many
scows and small craft parted from theli
moorings and went ashore. The gale la
reported by returning passengers to have
been very severe. Several drowninga oc
curred.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.Text not availableText not availableTWO HUNDRED ARE/
DROWNED IN-FLOODS
Serious Disaster Is Reported to Hava
Occurred Among the
Japanese.
YOKOHAMA, Aug. 13.— Severe floods
have occurred and it Is reported that 2CQ
persons have been drowned. Railway traf
fie is interrupted.
Wild Dogs In Arizona Attack Men.
PHOENIX. Ariz.. Aug. 16.— Wild dogs,
which have been reported becoming nu
merous a few miles south of here as do-
Ing damage to young stock, yesterday at
tacked Lemuel J. Wilkinson. There were
three of them. Wilkinson had his shot
gun with him and with one shot killed two
and wounded the third, which gave him
a fight. He succeeded In killing it aft-r
being severely lacerated about the neclc
and one leg.
vinskl's will. In which he bequeaths every
thing be possessed to his wife.
protested Mr. Lawson. because the lat
ter had played the preliminary with a pro
fessional. Mr. Lawson withdrew, and an
Icy chillness prevails at the links, which
nothing can dispel.
The scores In the match play decided toe
fore the lunch hour were.
E. J. MeCuteheon....M l C B. Knapp 90
B. Li. Abbott 84iH. May 91
J. Lawson 84 ( H. H. Smith 32
J Bourne STiLanslns Kellogff 93
F. L. Ptratton STjJ. W. Byrne 94
E. R. Folger SS Presrott Scott 9»
C. Hubbard — B. M. Fitzgerald 93
Dr. Morton .'..84 R. O. Brown 99
The second round: _
Lansing Kellogg beat Hugh May. 1 up.
E. R. Folger beat F. L. Stratton. 1 up and
20 holes. /
S. L. Abbott beat R. O. Brown, 5 up and 4
to play.
E. J. McCutcheon beat Dr. Morton, 2 up and
1 to play.
J. Bourne beat H. H. Smith, 7 up and « to
play.
B. M Fltzsrerald beat C. Hubbard. 3 np.
J. W. Byrne beat Prescott Scott, 5 up and
2 to play.
To-morrow the third and fourth rounds
will be played and the finals on Friday,
the latter being thirty-six holes.
Lovers of tennis thronged the courts
during the day, witnessing some of the
prettiest work ever seen. here. To-day's
play practically decides the winner,
George Whitney being In a class by him
self. The results were as follows:
Bob Whitney beat H. VT. CrowMl, «-2. «— L
Geor*e Whitney beat Pr. Root. 6 — 4. «— 3.
H. Vv". Crowfll "beat W. O. Oodfrey. «— 2, «— a.
George Whitney b»at Bob Wbitney. S— 2, 8—3,
7—6.
Bob Whitney h»at Dr. /Root, 8 — 4. 8 — *.
To-morrow W. G. Godfrey will meet tha
two WhHney3 and Dr. Root. II. W. Crow
ell will meet George Whitney.
The great polo match at the track to
morrow afternoon is the talk of society
to-night and a great crowd la expected to
view the game.
DEL MONTE, Aug. 15.-Thls vras
resting-up day, apparently, for
neither the gentlemen's golf tour
nament nor the tennis tourney for
the Del Monte cup aroused much
show of enthusiasm. At the very
outset and with the winner not yet in
sight, the golfers have set the tongue of
society wagging over the withdrawal of
John Lawson, one of the coast's crack
amateurs. When the entries closed on
Tuesday night the different players picked
their partners for the qualifying round.
None seemed anxious to traverse the links
In play with Mr. Lawson. so he decided to
choose "Jim" Melville, the professional.
After the qualifying trial drawing for the
first round was in order, and Mr. Law
son was paired with C. B. Knapp. The
latter player declined the issue and then
Special Dispatch to The Call.
ON THE LINKS AND IN THE COURTS
AT SOCIETY'S TOURNEY IN DEL MONTE
Player Lawson Is
Protested and
1 IIBFB IS 1CB
¦: ;; on the Green.
Some Nice Work
at Tennis hu
• ManijExpepts
¦ at tne Game.
B"V P. B. JVIULHOLLAND.
Police Scandal in Vancouver, B. C.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
VANCOUVER. B. C, Aug. 15.-There la
a. police scandal- of large . dimensions in
Vancouver. A thorough Investigation of
all the circumstances has been ordered
and a complete overhauling of the depart
ment is now in progress. This morning
at a meeting of the Police Commissioners
Chief of Police Stewart charged two de
tectives, Harris and McAllister, with
blackmailing Chinamen. He said they had
operated raids on the Chinese in an effort
to gain money. The detectives deny, the
charges and make fresh declarations
against the chief, detectives and police
officers, saying that all are in the pay of
the Chinamen. There promises to be many
sensations before the trouble is over, for
a regular system of police protection of
gamblers seems to have been In operation.
hjteeests tee coast:
Postoffice Changes and List of Pen
sions Granted.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 15.-A postoffic^
has been established at Pocket, Sacra
mento County, and Mary Silverla appoint
ed postmaster.
The postofflce at Wert Chehalem, Yam
' Mil County. Or., has beon discontinued
Mail should be «nt to Ncwberg instead
uf Gaston as previously announced
Postmasters commissioned: California.
Borat". William W. Cahill. Appointed—
K!g Tre<>p, Calavcras County, J m
Hutchings. vice M. P. Sperry. resigned ,'
Orepon — Hamilton. Grant County, Aman
da Cre'shton, vice ilaggrie Blackwell re-
Elfrned. ..,:«
Pensions granted: California— Additional
—Eli C. Kelley. Bernardo, tl Original
widow — Ann Graham. San Francisco SS*
Mar with Spain— Original— Roscoe ' L."
Mitchell. Honcut, $8.
Washington: Additional— Charles A.
Ballard. Centralia. $S; Andrew A. Dahl
<'onnii> *S. Increased— Henrv S. Coulson'
Turn water, $10. Original, widow—Cather
ine Moore, Olympia, $12.
Boys Fight With a Battler.
SA>* RAFAEL., Au?. 15>-Frank Kelly, i
with his brother Goorge, had an exciting
time with and narrow oscape from seri
ous injury this afternoon by a'Iarge"r'at-
tlr-t;nake. The boys have been camping
rear San Ansedmo. In going up a trail
up the side of a hill they «?ame across a
rattlesnake coiled. JCet .'knowing What
kind of a snake it was the boys started
in to kill it. The snake turned upon'them,
however, and George felt a sharp, pierc
ing sensation in his leg after the en
counter, which he Immediately treated for •
a bite. They managed to kill the snak*.
which was four feet long and had ten
rattles. "
Special Dispatch to The Call.
STOCKTON, Aug. 15.— G. H. Adams and
Edward Peterson dug up four cans of
treasure to the west of Stockton at the
place known as the "Old Indian Burying
Grounds," north of Stockton Channel, this
morning. In the four cans $S00 In small
change had been burled In years gone
by. In one of the cans was $55, and this
was given to Peterson and Adams by the
man for whom they dug up the money.
In relating the circumstances to a re
porter this afternoon Adams said:
i "I don't know the name of the man who
buried the money, nor the name of the
man we due it up for. He 'came after us
and said he had a little job of digging
to do. "We didn't take much stock in
what he said at first, but he Insisted, and
so we went with him more out of curi
osity than anything else. He said he could
tell the place by an oak tree, the location
of which his partner had described to him.
Well, we went away down west of the
town to the place ) they call the
"Old Indian Burying Grounds," and
at a place where a fence runs
north and south, this side of the
woman's railroad grade, we saw the oak
tree 'which had been blazed, that is, the
bark had been cut away, though it must
have been done a long while ago, because
It was pretty nearly grown over.' While
he was pacing the distance between the
trees we went and got our shovels and
picks.
"When we came back he had located
the place and *was digging In the soil with
his hands.. He said. he was trying to find
the top of a stake. which marked the ex
act location of tho money. I got out my
knife and helped him and pretty soon the
blade struck something. We got the
stake out presently. It was a^small piece
of wcod and pretty rotten. The fellow
said that was the. place to dig, so we "fell
to work with our picks. After digging
about an hour we uncovered four cans In
a space about three feet square, working
by his direction. The cans were in cor
ners of the square, and the. first one I
struck I sent the pick right into. It
wasn't more than the length of a pick
Eight Hundred Dollars in Coin Is
Unearthed by Workmen at the
Direction of an Un
known Man.
DIGS DP A TREASURE
TROVE MAR STOCKTON
ROMANTIC WEDDING
AT SANTA CRUZ
Lawyer Sherran of San Francisco
Weds a Sweetheart He Has
Courted Many Years.
SANTA CRUZ. Aug. 15.— E. R. Sherran
of San Francisco, attorney, and Miss
Christine Campbell were united in mar
riage this afternoon by Jv jge Smith of
the Superior Court. The bride Is an heir
ess and conducts a millinery establish
ment In Seattle, where her father is a
wealthy shipbuilder. The couple met yes
terday In San Francisco and decided to
come here, where the jjroom formerly re
sided, and get married. They have known
each ether for years. Sherran goes to
Arizona on business to-morrow, while the
bride returns home to break the news to
her parents. .- »•
BOLD ATTEMPT AT ROBBERY.
Masked Man Tries to Hold Up a
Cashier in a Mining Camp.
Special Dispatch to The CaH.
SAN ANDREAS. Aug. 15.-About 7
o'clock this, morning a masked man
walked into the business office of the
Royal Gold Mining Company at Hodson,
near here, and at the point of a pistol de
manded the keys of the safe of \V. F.
Lanigan, secretary \ of the company.
Lanigan, who was alone at the time,
bravely refused. Just at the moment the
badk door opened and another official of
the company came upon the scene.
The would-be robber, fearing an attack
from behind, withdrew to the front door
and made his escape. Across the way he
had a horse tied and In readiness to leave
with rider arid expected plunder.
The attempt was made by a man not
unfamiliar with the doings at the mining
camp. To-day was payday at the mine,
and as a rule. Mr. Lanlgan reports at his
office earlier than usual on that . day to
make out the payroll and do the neces
sary routine work of the day. The masked
men was of medium height and is thought
to be a Mexican. He was fairly well
dressed and of different make-up than the
usual robber. Mr. Lanigan gave the
alarm at once through the town. Volun
teers Immediately made ready to give
chase with the Deputy Sheriff, who lives
at llodson.
KESWICK'S MERRY DAY.
Townspeople Celebrate the Opening
of the New River Bridge.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
KES WICK, Aug. 15.— Bridge day was
celebrated in merry style at Keswick to
day, when the new bridge across the Sac
ramento River was appropriately dedi
cated. The 'town swarmed with people
from various parts v of -Shasta County.
Business houses and residences were dec
crated during the day and to-night every
thing Is brilliant with ; illuminations and
fireworks. Dedicatory exercises were held
on the'brldge in the afternoon. Judge J.
E. Barber was the orator of * he occasion
and in conclusion the large audience, pre
ceded by a brass band, marched to and fxo
across the bridge.
Special IMspatch to The Call.
FRESNO. Augr. 15. -The deadlock be
twpen the wine makers and the wine
growers ended to-day by the breaking up
of the growers' combine. Grapes are sell
ing for $13 and J14 a ton instead of $18 and
S2t<, the prices fixed by the defunct grow
ers association.
Several days ago the wine men called
in their buyers, claiming that they coujd
not make any profit on the grapes at the
growers' figures. The growers were ob
durate, however, and for a time It seemed
as if the product would be allowed to rot
on the vinep. At lenjjth a committe* -vras
appointed by the rival associations to ar
bitrate the matter, but no terms could be
reached satisfactory to *>j«her side. All
negotiations were then declared off and
nothing further was done until to-day,
when the growers' combine went to plece«
At tho beginning of the season the grow
ers* organization advertised for bids on
2000 tons of Krapes. The highest bid re
™>ived was from the Fresno Winery,
which offered $10 50 a ton. The bid was
rejected with all the others, whereupon
the wine men eombir.ed for tholr own pro
tection apainpt the demands of the grow
* rs instead <jf trying to outbid each other,
as they had done the year before.
Ending of th« Deadlock Caused by
the Eefusal cf Wine Makers to
Pay the Prices Asked
for Grapes.
FRESNO WfflE GROWERS'
.COMBINE IS BROKEN
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES, Aug. 15.— "W. J. Variel
one of the attorneys for the late John IX
Slovinski, has received the following let
ter, written just before Slovinski commit
ted suicide. The letter, it Is claimed, was
found in a trunk sealed and addressed t<
Variel. The letter reads in part as fol
lows:
LOS ANGELES. Aug. 10.— William J. Varlel
Esq.. City— Dear Sir: The terrible scandal that
Is being circulated through the country for tho
past couple of weeks requires a hardened frel
inR, a roush mind and a criminal. As I have
never been in trouMe in my life the present
calamity Is unbearable.
You know how deeply my wife and I have
been wroneed by A. R. Maines. • • • y ou
know there never was a gun in slcht after he
acknowledged his guilt and asked humbly to be
forzlven; yet he swears that he signed notes
under nressure of a gun. He himself offered
atonement for his crime, wltho'ut bein°- asked
for it. During our May in his house he went
to the kitchen and brought us two glasses of
water; he went down the steps to see if anv
body was listening and before we would de
part from his residence he went clear out on
the pavement to see If anybody might be
watchins us. There was absolutely no force
med to get him to sign any notes.
Here the letter refers to Attornev Dver
and continues: 7:*-.
Not one-fourth or the foolish talk he rave
as testimony occurred between us. and a, f»r
as his testimony goes i-e K ardln R the statements
of my wife they are simply horrible.
My _wife aiked and prayed repeatedly that I
should never go and see or demand satiafac
tkn from Maines. She wanted to bury the
past and leave California for good • • •
pur opponent's case would collapse "without
being Btrengthened by lies, consequently they
are furnished by the wholesale.
i One thinr is sure and that la that my wife
Is perfectly Innocent In this note business and
being asked to bring her to the llaines to ta"k
the matter over I had to use great persuasion
l?ve^fnn£en\ ake *° al ° Dg - She ls i
As those are the words of a man who Is to '
be shortly before his Creator, I hope that they I
VriU meet with due credence. After great per- i
suasion mjr wife acknowledged that some time
in Marcb Mr. Malnea went throusrh the Gar
yanza Hotel fixing bolts on the doors. That
time he dil bolt the door, and not only in
sulted but assaulted my wife In her room. He !
promised to never trouble her any more or i
annoy her in any "shape or form if she would I
not exDose him. That tell-tale letter will
show you how she tried to shield him Jn every
way. • • • He also argued with her that ac
cording to California law It Is no crime what
soever; that the injured party could get a di
vorce and that would end the case.
Thanking you as well as Mr. Meserye for
your ktnd interest taken in our case, I remain,
respectfully yours J. M. SLOVINSKL I
Jn the envelope with the^ letter was '
and Declares the Absolute In
nocence of His Wife
and Himself.
Reiterates Charges Against Maines
Slovinski's Attorney Finds
One of the Suicide's
Missives.
DENUNCIATORY
IS THE LETTER
OF THE DEAD
blade in the ground. It was one of those
quart preserve cans that has a lid kept
in place by sealing-wax. We got it out
and" examined its contents. There were
very few dollars, the most of the money
being chicken-feed, such as quarters,
dimes and silver five-cent pieces. There
were lots of the half-dimes. We did not
stop to count the money exactly as there
was more digging to do, but we estimated
there was pretty close to $300 in that one
can. The smallest amount in any of the
cans was $55, which the man gave to
Peterson and myself for our work. There
was $S0O altogether."
The affair is shrouded in mystery, as
neither Adams nor Peterson ever saw be
fore the mysterious stranger, who seems
to know the location of treasure trove.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAX RAFAEL, Aug. 15.— The mystery
surrounding the death of the- unknown
man who was found at Diablo Point yes
terday by Constable Susavilla of Sausa
lito has not been cleared by the inquest
held here to-day. Dr. Jones, who per
formed the autopsy, says the man did not
die by drowning.
Yesterday it was supposed that the man
had been drowned. To-day Dr Jones de
clares that the cause of death was not
drowning. The condition of the lungs in
dicates that. There was, however, no
fracture of the skull nor. any marks of
violence that might have produced death
The face was badly bruised, but the skin
was uncut. The condition of the features
might have been due to a fall or a beat
ing. Coroner Eden to-day said: "I can
not conceive how the body could have
noen located where we found it unless
the man deliberately threw himself in
the shallow water and waited for death to
come through exposure and exhaustion "
h™£ 2 ne ?r sald: . " The man was not
n ™™ ? u e was . health, with
a complication of diseases. I found no
ndications that the man suffered via
lence.
"7 h( : . Cor °ner's Jury returned a verdict of
death Trom causes unknown."
This Is regarded by the authorities as
one of the most mysterious cases that
has come to their notice in some years
SeSJS&S 1 bC hCldtm to " m — *«
ONLY ONE POSSE NOW
CHASING SLAYER KING
Sheriff Taylor Is Still in the Field,
but Many of the Man Hunters
Have Given Up. i
Special Dispatch to The Call. j
COVELO, Aug. 15.— There is still a rem
nant of Sheriff Taylor's old posse scouring
the Trinity hills for King, the slayer of
?J^ C . h -., Th if, snla v! Ib ? I } <r seems to have
faith in its belief that King is still in hid
ing about the county. For the past three
weeks numerous armed men have patrolled
the mountains hereabouts and many have
been hot on the trail of the wily fugitive
~* i hcy i, h ,« ve successfully trailed him
and his halfbreed Indian pilot through
the roughest of mountainous country
But one Covelo posse now remains on the
chase. One by one they have wearied of
the hardships and returned home In
formation was received here to-day from
Sheriff Taylor, who is now in Shasta
County, advising a sharp lookout for the
return of the halfbreed Indian who has
been escorting- the murderer through the
mountain passes and who has been his
traveling companion and guide for nearly
three weeks. The posse now out from
Covelo is supposed to -be working in
Southern Trinity County, a very nitrced
and thinly settled region, where progress
by man and beast can only be made on
the beaten trails. The chase of King
seems the most remarkable of the many
man hunts organized here since the fam
ous 1000-mile man hunt for the Mendocino
outlaws in 1SS0 by Sheriff Stanley.
Unknown Old Stranger Taken From
the Bay Did Not Die by Drown
ing, and the Coroner Is
Puzzled.
MYSTERIOUS DEAD
OF SAN RAFAEL
Northern Police Are Now Looking for
E. Frank, Who Betrayed His
Employers' Trust.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
VICTORIA, B. C, Aug. 15.-E. Frank, at
one time one of the best-known of the
business men of Victoria, having conduct
ed for a number of years previous to the
outbreak "of the Klondike excitement a
gents' furnishing goods establishment on
Lower Government street, is an ab-
Bconder, and Messrs. Lenz & Leiser are
sufferers in consequence to the extent of
upward of $8000.
Mr.' Frank for a number of years has
had business relations with Lenz & Leiser
in his operations In the northern country,
and a short time ago was entrusted Vith
the collection of some heavy accounts at
Dawson and White Horse. At the former
city he collected about $5000 and started
for the coast. Intending to collect a' fur
ther sum for the firm at White Horse.
The amount collected at the latter place
was forwarded to Lenz & Leiser from
Seattle, whither Frank proceeded instead
of coming to Victoria. v ¦ - .,
The suspicions of the firm being aroused
by Frank's non-appearance, the police
were communicated with and a little In
vestigation on their part developed the
fact that Frank, on going to Seattle, took
an assumed name, so there seems no
doubt but that the man purposely de
camped with the money, though why he
should have forwarded on to Victoria the
sum he collected at White Horse Is diffi
cult to understand. I
Leaving Seattle Frank went to Portland.
The police discovered that much, but all
track of him from that point is lost.
. Going to Dawson at the outbreak of the
Klondike excitement Frank was one of
the first to engage in business there, and
for a time did very well. Latterly, how
ever, he met with reverses.- Suspicion in
regard to him was first aroused about a
year- ago, when he came to Victoria with
tho peculiar tale that he had lost all of
-*ils money— about $10,000— while on his way
out from Dawson.
¦ The police are working on the case and
an effort will bo made to bring him to
Justice.
v • -
Sr«clal Dispatch to The Call
VICTORIA BUSINESS MAN
ABSCONDS WITH $8000
SANTA CRUZ, Aug. 15.— Joseph Law
rence, a teamster,' was crushed to death
to-day beneath the wheels of his wagon,
which was loaded with. several tons of bi
tuminous rock. When' found he was still
beneath one of the wheels and death must
have been almost instantaneous.
Lawrence was employed in hauling bi
tumen from the Rattlesnake mine. This
morning he loaded his wagon and trailer
and started for town. That was the last
seen of him alive. John Grant later saw
Lawrence's team halting in the road some
distance from the mine. He paid no at
tention to it," supposing the ' driver -was
resting his horses. 'Half an hour later
he happened to look along the road again
and saw that the team was still there.
Surmising that there was something
wrong he went over to see what the
trouble was and was horrified to find the
crushed body of the driver beneath one
of the wheels of the wagon. The trailer
was about fifty feet behind in the road.
Grant secured help and "the body was
removed to the side of the road and the
Coroner summoned, who conveyed the
body to this city.
It Is supposed that when the trailer
broke loose the tug on the trailer rope
threw Lawrence from his seat and under
the wheels.
Lawrence's wife died a year ago, but
five children survive him.
Joseph Lawrence of Santa Cruz Falls
From a Heavily Laden Wagon
and Is Ground to
Death,
WHEELS CRUSH LIFE
OUT OF A TEAMSTER
Amos K. Ziegler, Sketched From Life in Court at Santa Cruz.
(Reproduced From a Drawing by Ralph Springer.)
Special Dispatch to The Call.
% ANTA CRUZ, Aug. 15.— Amos K. Zlegler, wife-murderer, pleaded not guilty
this morning when arraigned in the Superior Court. The trial has been
eet for September 24. There was a crush of spectators in .Judge Smith's
department of the Superior Court to witness the arraignment of the ac
cused and to get a glimpse of the prisoner— ponderous and unprepossessing.
"When Ziegler was called to answer to the charge of murder he calmly replied,
"Not guilty." When he was first arrested he had expressed the intention of
pleading guilty, but, as announced in The Call, he has since then decided to make
a fight for his life, so the answer was not unexpected. ¦
Judge Smith thereupon set the trial for September 17, but Ziegler's attorneys
asked for more time, stating that some of their witnesses were in the East and
It would be impossible to correspond with them and obtain their attendance at
the trial on the day set. Judge Smith then decided to give them seven daya
more of grace and fixed the date for the commencement of the trial September 24.
Epeclal Dispatch to The Call.
VANCOUVER. B. C. Aug. 15.— Fire de
stroyed tlie town of Columbia this after
noon. Columbia is the capitaJ cf the
famous Greenwood mining district, with
copper properties lying ail around it. It
was practically wiped oSC the map and
two hours after the fire started hardly
anything was left of the mining town.
The population of Columbia was not
more than lOOO, including the men em
ployed in tha big American smelter there,
which was luckily saved. The loss will
be between S125,<XJO and $130,000. Only a
few days ago the Columbia Townsite
Company purchased the townrite and
buildings, and the latter were then reck
oned to be worth haJf of the $3iX»,wjO of the
purchase price.
The blaze started mysteriously at the
rear of the Escaldes Hotel, which was
worth $30,<«jO. The llames quickly spread
from tiie outhouses to the main building
and almost before the alarm was given
the b:g frame structure was ablaze to tho
roof. There was no fire-light ing equip
ment, but the bucket brigade was at work
without a moment's delav. The wind
had been blowing liercely all day, amid
iitful showers of rain, and nothing could
stop the bkize. The flames swept down
the corridors and through the halls of tho
hotel. Four children and two women
were in the third story and had to jump
for their lives. Mrs. Clayton, one of the
women, had rushed upstairs when tho
lire burst through the halls, but was un
able to return with her two childen. Al
thought ttae roof was ablaze. 'the east side
of the building was still entire, and
through the windows there the women
fixia children jumpod, one by one, to the
blankets h^la by the men below. AH
escaped unhurt.
From the hotel the Tire ppread to the
Model livery ttable next door, and from
there to a row of the principal stores and
warehouses. The wind was all the time
carrying the Fparks toward the resident
portion of ihe cast side of the town, and
soon the houses there were In flames. The
bucket? were still worked at a heart
breaking pace and four buildings were
dynamited to arrest ihe progress of the
fire, but it was all to no purpose, and by
2 oolook scarcely a building remained.
The latest message from Columbia, be
fore the wires were down, told that the
'J r * T GS Ft!11 ~ a Sing and Jhere was no hope
lot tho few buildings that remained Van
couver and Victoria will send hein to the
lire sufferers at once. " •
N'o definite Information could be ob
tained of the c.iuse of the disastrous fire
A year ago. and again about Fix months
a«o. incendiary attempts were made to
burn down the hotel, and it mav have
been a repetition of this that caused the
disaster of to-day. A very bitter tight has
been groin g on for a year between the pro
prietors of the rival townsites of <*olum
oia and Grand Forks, and the incendiary
attempt? are by wme ascribed to the out
come of this strife. A firebug was re
cently caught and imprisoned. The insur
ance will not be more than $40,000
Belief That the Fire Is the Work of
Incendiaries, as There Is a
Bitter War Between
Bival Towns.
THE LOSS IS NEARLY $150,030
Only a Few Buildings Are
Left in the Mining
Camp.
Disaster Overtakes a
Town in British
Columbia.
COLUMBIA
IS BLOOTTED
OUT BY FIRE
TACOMA, Aug. 15.— The Republican
State Convention met at 10:30 to-day,
adopted, a platform, nominated a full
ticket and adjourned at 5 p. m. All the
nominations were made by acclamation
except that of Superintendent of Public
Instruction, which required one ballot,
there being three candidates.
The managers of J. M. Frink, the King
County candidate for Governor, controlled
the convention by a large majority and
their slate chosen last night was nominat
ed without a hitch. C. W. Dorr of What
com was elected temporary chairman, and
after recess S. G. Ccsgrove of Garfield
County #ias made permanent chairman.
The following ticket was nominated:
Congressmen— W. L. Jones of Yakima, F. W.
Cushman of Pierce
Governor— J. II. Frink of King.
Lieutenant Governor— P. G. McCrlde of
Skagit.
Secretary of State— S. H. Nichols of Snoho
mlsh.
Treasurer— C. W. Maynard of Lewis.
Auditor— J. D. Atkinson of Chelan.
Attorney General— \V. B. Stratum of Pacific.
I-rfind CommiEsloner— Samuel A. Calvert of
Whatcom.
Superintendent of Public Instruction— R, B.
Bryan of Chehalis.
Judges of the Supreme Court— Wallace Mount
of Spokane, R. O. Dunbar of Thurston.
Presidential Electors— Charles Sweeney of
Spokane, J. M. Boyd of Okanogan, F. W.
Hastings of Jefferson, S. G. Cosgrove *t Gar
field. » *i
The following Is the platform adopted:
Four years ago the Republicans of Washing
ton met to mourn over universal calamity and
despair under Democratic rule. To-day we
meet to rejoice over universal prosperity and
happiness under Republican rule. Democratic
theories became dangerous when coupled with
political power, and they are not improved by
a mongrel mixture of free silver and Fopulls
tic vagaries. They can be rendered harmless
only by maintaining Republican rule In na
tion. State and county, and to such mainte
nance We pledge our strongest effort.
"We are proud of President McKin
ley and indorse, his able, fearless and
patriotic administration.
We rejoice that he is again .our standard
bearer and will continue to be the honored chief
of a prosperous and happy people. He has
fully redeemed the ante-elpction Dlcdsos of his
party. Under his leadership protection and
reciprocity have again been restored to their
proper place In public law; the Hawaiian Isl
ands have become part of the Union; Spain has
been compelled to lift her heavy hand from oil
the Western hemisphere; Cuba has been made
free; Porto Rico Is happy under our rule: the
Philippines are rapidly learning to appreciate
and acoept that kind of liberty which is known
and understood only by the American people;
our army and navy have been ably sustained;
the honor of our flag has been maintained at
home and abroad; the Democratic cry of free
silver has been put to sleep by a Republican
Coneress and the gold standard has been re
affirmed In a Dositive and satisfactory man
n»»r; our country"s credit has been made better
than ever before and better than that of any
other nation on earth.
We congratulate the country upon
tha nomination of Governor Roose
velt for Vice President. He has con
tributed much to the success and
glory of the first term of President
McKinley, and will add great
strength and honor to the next.
We Indorse the Republican national platform
adopted at Philadelphia and commend It to the
vc.ters of this State as an able exposition of
Reitfbllcan doctrine and of correct public
policy.
"We unreservedly Indorse and approve the
work of fcenator Addlson G. Foster and Con
gressmen W. L. Jones and F. "\V. Cushman.
We stand for loyalty to the flag,
for the gold standard of value for all
our money, for protection and re
ciprocity, for the Nicaraguan canal,
operated, owned and defended by
the United States; for ths
election of United # States Sena
tors by direct vote of the people;
for tho further enlargement of our trade and
commerce; for purh discrimination and national
aid as shall speedily result In the upbuilding
of our merchant marine and x.he ripld enforce
ment of the laws against trusts; for the loyal
and liberal support of the nation's defenders —
the army and navy; for the uncompromifingf
suppression of the rebellion on Luzon Island;
for the immediate rescue of our
people imperiled in China, and
for ample restitution for loss
of life and property therein;
for a territorial form of government of
Alaska, including protection to navigation, and
oppose relinquishing soil or sovereignty of any
part of that district; we favor the early con-
Ftrtfction of a submarine cable connecting this
State with our Island possessions In the Pacific
Ocean owned and operated by the Federal
Government.
PATRIOTIC RESOLUTIONS.
Demands for Rescue of Whites Im
periled in China and the Build
ing of the Nicaragua
WASHINGTON
REPUBLICANS
ENTHUSIASTIC
Tacoma Convention Gives
Strong Indorsement
ol McKinley.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THLRSD AY, AUGUST 1G, 1900.
ZIEGLER, THE WIFE-SLAVER,
PLEADS "NOT GUILTY"
4
SCENES ON THE POLO FIELD AND THE GREEN AT DEL MONTE.
For Ease * Grace |
WEAR THE \
PINGREE MAKES THEM.
A SHOE FOR A
LADY.
the djo cn
F*RlCE...JP£\mO\J
LACE OR BUTTON.
ANY STYLE OF TOE.
EVERY QUALITY OF STOCK.
LIGHT OH HEAVY SOLES.
B. KATCHIN5KI,
PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO. -^
• 10 Third St.. San Francisco. T
» 'So soon as nature sees an Improvement, thero
Is a chance. The candle gave . way to elec
tricity; the spinning wheel to machinery: the
horse to the automobile. The fact that IJo»
tetter's Stomach Btttera ' has .been spld for
over : half : a century" proves ¦ Its value. There
Is nothing ; to - equal It for . stomach or liver
trouble. It is nature's own remedy, and the
only one td cure dyspepsia or weak stomach.
The Original Little Louisiana Company
of Son Francisco, lumbers For
/ uiuat II. leOU.
JTO. 88.K3T win* JT500, Bold In San Kranrisco;
*io 69.3C9 wins $2009, »old In San Francisco;
No! 3S9J win* $1000, sold In San Francisco; No.
S2 878 wlim to00, sold In San Francisco; Nos.
14227 *n<l 30,640 each wins $250. Bold In San
FYanctoco: Not. 4711. 14.595, 28.804. 49.8?S. 75.84J
each win* J100, *o\& In Saa Francisco and Port
land, Or. ¦ •
Shoe Clerks Want Shorter Day.
Many retail shoe clerks met in the
Foresters' Hall on O'Farrell street last
night and expressed : sympathy with the
striking mill hands. The clerks have pe
titioned the shoe merchants of the city
for early closing and that no store be
open after 6 o'clock p. m. The committee
reported that the. merchants look favor
ably on the Idea and will take steps to
adopt it. Horace P. Cotter presided at
the meeting. /
"Women of Woodcraft.
There was a large attendance last night
In Union Square Hall at the banner party
given by Redwood Circle No. 72 of the
Women of "Woodcraft. It was in the
nature of an entertainment,- bazaar and
social. The feature of the party was
given in the annex. It was a travesty on
"Uncle Tom's Cabin," In which Laurence
Vincent, who- weighs two hundred and
forty pounds, impersonated Little Eva
George W. Schwelnhard wag Topsy, and
M.'S.-Vle Roco impersonated Uncle Tom.
It made a hit.
LATEST FAD OF SOCJLTEY.
Proper Way for Dating Letters This
No really chic woman .would now date
her notes In the old way, and nothing can
be more fashionable than to head a letter
the "XXIXth of January," for Instance.
More elegant still Is to do away with the
envelope and fold the thick vellum paper.
The crest or . seal must be In wax of a
color matching exactly the new delicate
shades of paper.
Stationers In Paris always sell the wax
and the paper together now, and recom
mend you to use a lamp, not a candle, so
as not to alter the color of the sealing
wax. Then you must write the address
quite at the top of the letter when folded,
and manage to leave as much white space
as possible at the bottom, where you put
the stamp. ; This Is to allow the postofnee
officials to stamp the letters without ob
literating the name of the person to whom
It Is written. — New Orleans Times-Demo
crat. ¦ '. >¦;-••; - ¦ . . , -¦-—; -> :.'.=
Examinations for Policemen.
A Joint meeting of the Board of Police
Commissioners and the members of the
Civil Service Commission was held yester
day afternoon to arrange for the holding
of examinations of applicants for positions
on the police force. After some discussion
It was decided to hold written examina
tions on- October 3.
The applicants will undergo physical ex
aminations a few days In advance.
Bankrupt Petitions.
Chlng Chow, as a member of, the firm of
Hanford & Co., engaged In the business of
buying and selling bttots and shoes at 715
Sacramento street, filed, a petition in In
solvency yesterday -In the United States
District Court. His liabilities are- $9428 85
and his assets are $2000. .;:;
Chlng Chow also filed another petition,
this time as partner and exclusive man
ager of the fancy goods business of "Wing
Fat & Co., on Dupont street. The firm's
liabilities are $30,215 25 . and the assets
$12,350.
Mrs. E. Prlndo, housewife, of San Jose
filed a petition in insolvency as a stock
holder in the Union Savings Bank of San
Jose. Her liabilities are $92S0 and her
assets sixty-two shares of the stock of the
par value of $100 per share.
A Chinese Defaulter.
A warrant was secured from Judge Ca
banlss yesterday for the arrest of Jen
Keo Sow, financial secretary of the Foo
Yee Hong Literary Society and Social
Club, on the charge- of felony embezzle
ment. About a week ago Jen got $1000 to
pay a number of bills and he has no:
been seen nor heard of since. It Is
thought he has absconded with the
money, as the bills have not been paid.
Judgment for the Rival.
United States District Judge de Haven
has referred to United States Commis
sioner George E. Morse the libel suit of
Alfred Johnson and others of the schooner
Rival against the American steamer Pride
of the River. Judge de Haven found that
the Rival had been, damaged in a col
lision by the Pride of the River and
Commissioner Morse has been instructed
to ascertain and report upon the amount
of damages.
Henry Tinken Tries to Kill His
Spouse, but Is Prevented and
f Arrested.
"While temporarily Insane last evening,
Henry Tinken of 3396 Mission street tried
to kill his wife v.lth a bread knife. Mrs.
Tinken was preparing the evening meal,
when her husband suddenly picked up the
weapon and rushing at her tried to stab
her.
The terror-stricken woman ran from the
house, and meeting Policeman AVolweb
ber, pleaded with him to arrest her hus
band, as she feared he would kill her.
Tho officer went to the house and placed
Tinken under arrest. '
He was at once taken to the detention
ward of the Receiving Hospital and locked
up In a padded cell. To-day he will be ex
amined by the Commissioners of Lunacy.
INSANE MAN ATTACKS
HIS WIFE WITH'A KNIFE
Clerk Hurriedly Calls In .the Police
and the Man Is Taken to an
Asylum.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
DENVER, Aug. 15.— A lunatic tried to
day to hold up the First National Bank,
which has $12,000,000 ¦ on deposit. John
Darling, a former clerk in the Denver ami
Rio Grande office, entered the bank just
before noon and demanded $500, which he
said he had on deposit. "I'll give ; you
five minutes to turn It over," he said,
pulling out his watch. He sat down near
the teller's window muttering something
Cornerstone of a Giant Shaft Will Be
Laid in Sioux City Next
Week.
THREE YOUNG MEN
THROW DICE FOR BRIDES
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SIOUX CITY, la., Aug. 15.— Elaborate
preparations are being made for the ex
ercises attending the laying of the corner
stone of the $10,000 monument at the' grave
of Sergeant Charles Floyd of«the I>ewis
and Clark expedition, who died upon the
site of Sioux City In 1S04. August 20 is the
date.
The Federal Government has given $5000
and the State of Iowa a like amount
toward the obelisk, which will rise 100
feet above the base. This, city has pur
chased a twenty-acre tract for park pur
poses about the grave. Colonel H. M.
Chlttenden, United States engineer, has
supervision of the monument construc
tion. It was necessary, under the resolu
tion adopted by Congress, to deed to the
United States Government an acre of
ground Immediately surrounding the
shaft. . .
Song and Dance Artists Take Up a
I>aro and Are UTow Legally
Married.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CRIPPLE CREEK, Aug. 15.— Three
young men, miners, between 21 and 24
years of age, last night, In a spirit of
banter dared three girls who were doing
sonc and dance turns at the Dawson Club
to marry them and tho dare being ao
cented threw dice for first choice, sent
out for marriage licenses and for Justice
McCullach and were duly married about
m in n tie throwing of the dice Louis Wal
ter whose father Is a mining man in tho
Cle'ar Creek section, threw | three duces
and a pair of fours, and being given first
choice selected Minnie Wolfe, E. E. Berg
erstand paired with Bertha A "Robinson
and Jesse Atkinson took Ray Whitlock.
At the conclusion of the marriage cere
mony the three couples made the rounds
of the Myers avenue resorts. The young
men all are well connected.
LUNATIC ATTEMPTS
* TO ROB DENVER BANK
MONUMENT TO RISE
WHERE FLOYD DIED
Sold Adulterated Milk.
Frank Cronln, who drives a milk wagon
for Jewett Brothers, pleaded guilty in
Judge Cabanlss' court yesterday to a
charge of selling adulterated milk. Chem
ist Green of the Board of Health testified
that the stuff put In the milk was not In
jurious, but it had the effect of making
it look richer than it really was, and in
that respect It deceived consumers. The
Judge ordered Cronln to appear for sen
tence this morning.
Grabbed Valise for Debt.
Venturo Burgas, a barber. Is fond of
billiards. On Tuesday he was manipulat
ing the Ivories on a table In Santiago
Uribe's saloon, 256 Brannan street, when
he took a piece out of the cushion with
his cue. Uribe demanded $5 damages,
which Bargas declined to pay. Yesterday
morning, while Bargas was passing
"Uribe's saloon with a valise containing
his razors and other shaving materials
Uribe took it from him and said he would
hold It till paid the $5. Bargas got a
search warrant from .Judse Mogan to re
cover his property.
TELEGRAPHIC BREVITIES.
CHICAGO, Aufr. 15.— A receiver to-day took
charge of the real estate and loan bank busi
ness of Frank. A. Stauber. a Socialist leader
and prominent business man of the northwesc
Elde of the city.
LA CROSSE. Wls.. Aug. 15.— Speaker David
B. Henderson of the House of Representatives
passed through this city en route. to Chicago,
he having Just completed a trip through Ycl
lowptone Park and the Pacific States.
FRANKFORT, Ky., Aug. 15.— Governor Beck
ham this morning issued a proclamation con
vening the General Assembly in extra session
on Tuesday, August 2S. 1900. The only sub
ject to be considered is the modification or
amendment of the Goebel election law.
SAULT STE. MARIE, Mich., Aug. 13.—
Wrecking outfits with extra crews worked to
day to clear the passage of the St. Marys
River, blocked last night by the sinking d
the btgr ore 6chooner, Maida. It -will probably
be four days at the inside before the channel
is free Trom the obstruction. About 2o0 boats
laden with ore and merchandise, grain and
coal, are affected by the blockade and th<«
actual loss of time will mean from $100,000 to
1200,000 to the boat owners alone.
SAYS LEGATIONS WERE
SAFE LAST MONDAY
LOXDOK, Aug. 15.— The Chinese Min
ister In London has Informed the British
Foreign Office that the foreign legations
at Peking were safe on Monday, Au
gust 13.
BOBBINS IS HELD.
Vacaville Slayer of Ball Goes to Jail
Pending Trial.
Spedal Dispatch to The Call.
SUISUN, Aug. 15.— The preliminary ex
amination of II. Jefferson Dobbins, who
killed E. B. Ball during a quarrel over a
card game on August 4, took place before
Justice of the Peace E. E. McFarland In
Vacavllle to-day. Dobbins was represent
ed by Attorneys George A. Knight of Ean
Francisco and A. J. Dobbins of Vacavllle.
The testimony of the witnesses of the
shooting was the same as was adduced
at the Coroner's Inquest and was to the
effect that Ball, Dobbins, Joseph Jones
and another man were engaged In a game
of cards in the club room of the Elite
ealoon. The tlrst two named got Into a
dispute and the lie was passed, Dobbln3
drew his revolver and fired twice, the
first ehot taking effect In Ball's right
ehoulder, and as one of the other players
grabbed Dobbins' arm, thus lowering the
weapon, the second shot was fired, the
bullet entering the left side of Ball's ab
domen. The wounded man died the next
morning. The examination to-day result
ed in Dobbins being held without ball.
?
Pacific Coast Indian Institute,
SALEM. Oh., Augr. 15.— The Pacific
Coast Indian Institute formally organized
at Chemawa to-day with the following
offlcers:
President. Major T. Jay Buford ae-ent at
Siletz. Or.: vice presidents— Thomas W Pot
ter. Chematra, Or.; Superintendent Frank
TVrry. Tacoira. \Va*h. : J. Thomas Hall La-
Jclla, Cal.; Rev. J. F. Jones, Juneau. Alaska-
Superintendent Campbell. Fort Ehaw Mont
and Superintendent Hoeea Lake. Fort Hali'
Idaho; wcretary. Assistant Superintendent \V
P. Campbell. Chemawa, Or.
In addition to the officials and edu
cators in tho Indian f-ervice, the Gover
nor. State Board of Education Congress
men, Senators and leading colleges and
universities of the State are co-operatlnc
in the discussion of educational methods
that will aid in the uplifting of the ln
dastrlous Indian.
PHOENIX, Aug. 15.— Joseph Wileon, at his
ranch west of Phoenix, tried hard to kill Angel
Gt.nzales. Two shots failed to' take effect and
Wilson was arrested and bound over.
Sir Michael Foster, the Physiological
Authority, Will Address Medi
cal Students.
Sir Michael Foster of Cambridge, Eng
land, accompanied by his son, Dr. E. C.
Foster of London, arrived in San Fran
cisco yesterday and registered at the Pal
ace. Sir Michael Is here to give a series
of lectures on the science of physiology
before the Cooper Medical College. The
first lecture will be delivered on August
20, being one of a course which the college
annually gives. Sir Michael is an eminent
authority on physiology, his works find
ing a' place on all medical bookshelves.
His son is a prominent physician of Lon
don.
Michael Foster, F. R. S., D. C. L., D.
Sc LL. D., Is the son of Michael Foster,
F.- R. C. S. He was born at Huntingdon,
in 1835. He was educated at the Hunting
don Grammar School and practiced sur
gery in that place for several years, leav
ing it to accept the position of demonstra
tor-of practical physiology In the Univer
sity College, London. Two years later he
became a professor in that Institution. In
1870 he became praelector of physiology at
Trinity College, Cambridge. In 18S3 he
was appointed professor of physiology to
the university, and was appointed Com
missioner under the London University
Act In 1898.
Sir Michael is one of the secretaries of
the Royal Society. He is author of a well
known work on physiology, now In Its
sixth edition. Several other works, class
ics In their subjects, emanated from his
pen, but it la in the field of physiology
that his work has shown to best advan
tage. |
LONDON SURGEON COMES
TO LECTURE AT COOPER
NEW YORK, Aug. 15. — A mob of several
hundred persons formed at 11 o'clock to
night in front cf the home of Policeman
Robert J. Thorpe, Thirty-seventh street
and Ninth avenue, to wreak vengeance
upon the negroes of that neighborhood,
because one of their race bad caused the
policeman's death. Thorpe was stabbed
and bruised last Sunday night by several
negroes while he was attempting to ar
rest a colored woman, and died the fol
lowing day. The man wjio inflicted most
of the injuries is said to be Arthur Har
ris.
In a few moments the mob swelled to
1500 people or more and as they became
violent the negroes fled in terror into any
hiding place they could find. The police
reserves from four stations, numbering
400 in all. were called out.
The mob of white men, which grew
with great rapidity, raged through the
district, and negroes, regardless of age or
sex, were Indiscriminately attacked.
Scores were Injured. It took the com
bined efforts of the reserves, with as
many more policemen on regular patrol
duty In tho four precincts, to restore
order.
Police Reserves From Four Stations,
Numbering Four Hundred,
Called Out to Re
store Order.
Scores of Negroes Attacked
Indiscriminately by
a Mob.
BITTER RACE
WAR IS WAGED
IN NEW YORK
about dynamite,' according to a spectator.
Cashier Thomas Keeley telephoned for
the police and Darling was sent to the
County Hospital as insane. He had neither
weapon nor explosive.
In 1S99 Millionaire David Moffatt, then
president of this bank, was forced to give
up $21,C00 by a man who threatened to
destroy the building with dynamite.
?
Death of Eliza Miller.
SANTA CRUZ, Aug. 15.— Eliza Miller of
Sacramento died this morning at Sea
bright. She was 80 years of age and a
native of England.
R. Leverson, author of the letter to
Aguinaldo captured In the Philippines, in
which the writer refers to American sol
diers as pirates, was found to-day at his
home. He seemed to enjoy the notoriety
that has suddenly come to him and ex
pressed no surprise at the capture of the
letter and Its publication. When a copy
of the letter -was shown to him he read it
carefully and then remarked:
"Yes, I wrote that, in addition to a lot
of other letters. Of course, I Eee a lot of
inaccuracies as a result of the two trans
lation? and some omissions which I think
are the fault of the War Department.
"There is one omission in the letter as
given out for I know I pointed out clearly
that Congress had never authorized the
war in the Philippines, and the President
having no right to make war was with all
those concerned in it a pirate. I have
seen many Filipinos and have entered into
correspondence with more. There are
some of these Filipinos now In this coun
try. Of course, I cannot give you their
names.
"McKlnley ought to be Impeached as a
traitor. He lied to the country by saying
the Filipinos began the war, for we have
the name of the American soldier who
fired the first shot, and then when Agui
naldo asked for a truce McKlnley ordered
the shooting to be kept right up.
Dr. Lererson Is English by birth. He
came here he Bald to-day, in 1S65. He was
coming in 1S61 to enlist in the Union army,
but Charles Francis Adams, our Minis
ter to Er.ffland. urged him to stay and
arouse eenilmer.t for the Northern cause,
which he s»ays he did. .
WASHINGTON, Aug. 15.— The War De
partment has made public the Filipino
CLiresjicccence captured some months
ago by General Funstoa's command in
Lezoo.
There Is a letter from Dr. Montague R.
Leverson, dated at Fort Harnilum, N. Y..
July 17, I£a£>. and a-dciresseu to fcienor ci.
.A-psicible. It says:
D«ar £ir and Brother: Our friend. Albert S.
Parson of Lexington, e&ve m« your name aa
one to whom I should write as a representative
l-IJipino.
I am a member of the Anti-Imperialist
Leftg^e cf Bos'. A. cf which George B. Bout well
Is president and Erwla Wlnslow lt> secretary. I
l;ave published many articles and letters de
nouncing the war carried on by President ilc-
Kiniey against your people, lie and tieneral
Otis and fell his troops are pirates upon the
territory of the natives. Our President* are
r.ot In the position of Kings. Our Presidents
tire not In the least authorized to make war
without the consent of Congress aa McKlnley
Is doing, and all persons compromised in this
vax are &! rates.
I shoula like to suggest a plan to you. It Is
this: You .-•. • ..-2 tc.ze some one In rank in
the service of the United States and then in
form the foreign Consuls that he was to be
Lrought before a council of war for piracy and
write to esid Consuls to have representatives
I resent at t-uch council of war to see that It Is
If I were rot an o!d man of more than €3
j>-ars I would willingly aid you in your Just
ct'et.te. '
Piracy would b« shown by conducting a war
In violation of the usages of civilized war, and
the »roof would consist in the fact of the
consent to killing defenseless prisoners and
non-combatants, men, women ar.d children, In
cold blood and in robbery by officers and sol
ciers of non-combatants.
I ai*o sug-geEt that the Filipino Congress ad
<Ji>ss an appeal to the peoyle of the United
states. I shall not Five you the heads of this
appeal. I rr.erely point out something which
v ill especially influence the people. For ex
tr:.;>le. a reference to the Declaration of Inde
;--r.itnce must be insert <*d. but 1 believe that it
nl»o is necessary lor you to mention in your
*i{ l-eal the points I have made above to show
U.at this war is piracy, using them to bring
out the waat cf Christian leellng of the 6ol-
Citrs.
l"ou must also shrvw that McKlnley keeps the
j~- pie of the United States in ignorance of the
trme facts; that he and the members of the
<ati!net have deliberately lied to eecure the
ratification of the treaty of i«aci» with Spain
erttliatit e. clause which would have assured
the liberty of the Filipinos; that they delib
erately lied -when they said that AgxtnuiUo ad
vieed Ag-uinaldo to fight, and lhat a telegram
tutting the ox'I>o8He was intercepted. The war
was advised :rom Washington to Rf-cure the
r^ifc^age of tie treaty. Do not fail to insist
up«g the atrocities l»e:or<? mer.tloned, especially
tho a»sa£i>! ration la cold blood of women and
ch-.ldrea and the sack of property of non-com
batants perpetrated by officers and soldiers,
especially by a certain named Otis, who is
believed to be a relative of the general, who
not only tock no steps fcr the punishment of
the assassins, but who did net evea reprimaai
"it j-ou »-n prove that women have been vio
lated put that also in your statement.
You should offer to prove all these atro
cities before a commission, composed of three
Ais«riccnE. named by the Congret-s of the
Vnited States, and three Filipinos, named b>
the Filipino Congress, and presided over by a
person of seme other nation, chosen by the
United States (he must not be an Englishman.
for they are ail associated in the crime). If
the publication ot any portion of this letter
¦will be of any service to you you can use it,
tut I think It would be more prudent to keep
It e-cret. I>o not forget to epeak of the Ameri
can squadron which blockaded your coasts,
b<jrr.bar<Jed them without warning to the non
combatants and peaceful towns, where war
¦would cever be thought of, but where now the
greater part «f the inhabitants, who formerly
¦were friends of the Unltfl States, have taken
e-ci to avenge the deaths of their wives and
tons. Also sjieaJt of the refusal of the United
States and Great Britain to renounce the use
cl explosive bullets, which was decided upon
tb* conference of the eorr.mifsicRers at The
Haru«, and which the Vnited States Is now
USlac although their use was denounced as
t.arbarouB by the ether commissioners at The
Hague.
A;k the recp'.e of the United States if they
think that they are Christians, and ask them
fcow thfy can r>-c.->neile their pretended re
ligirm with their i/resent conduct toward ilc-
Xir.iey cr.d his war.
Th'.s bocrlbl* var Is a nightmare for m».
It may b« folly tor me to penr.it myself to be
effected by It, but its h^rrur. ih» eternal in
famy of it f'T rr.r country, whoso people are
rr*-parinB a f=tat* of t la very for «noth«-r. pre
vents xsfc from *><¦:<!!;£.
I can »ay nothing more, but that it would
In well to let the i*»opl«» knr.w that et^ps are
beinc tak^n to introduce militarism into the
t;clt*d States, some «-xarapi«: at which can be
tiiown from the conduct or General ilerriam
In ICaho. Very f.ncwly,
MONTAGUE R. LEVERSON*.
There Is also a letter from W. O. St
Clair. editor of the Singapore Free Press
to Howard W. Bray, In which, after <lis
cussing conversations with Spencer
Pratt, former United States Consul at
Flnf^apore. the writer asserts that Admi
ral, Dewey's policy In the Philippines has
tw^en overruled by the military element at
MarJla and that the admiral was about to
return to the United States, where he
jr.lght be able to enlighten the President
cs to the facts and bring about conditions
jr.ore favorable to the Filipinos.
DEWEY TELLS HIS
SIDE OF THE STORY
Facial Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON", Aug. «S. — Admiral
Tui-aey'6 attention was called to-night to a
!*<**r written by W. G. St. Clair, June 16,
1S&S. saying: "The sole thing to have im
•j-essed upon the pubMc of America would
£¦•+- trie chair-lng- of Dewej- and Agrulnaldo
Wt reiher as participants in common ac
r. n."
The admiral said he remembered having
met St. Clair during the voyage home
from Manila and recalled that he was one
cf the editors of the Singapore Press. "I
have) stated time ar.d time again." he said,
"thtt I never promised the Filipinos inde
p. ntonce. I had no right and possessed
Tjo tower to make them such a promise.
I Co not believe the Filipinos themselves
thought of independence until after the
Epnr.'sh fleet was destroyed.
•'R' ports I had received while waiting
at I) 'ngkong before going to Manila In
dicated that 30.000 Filipinos would rise In
revol*. when the Spanish fleet was de-
EtroyM.
•Three Filipinos came aboard at Hong
kong and, after listening: to them, I of-
Jerec them passage to the Philippines,
fcut 'hey declined It.
"Tie rising did not occur as was ex
pect*- 1. and then It was thought that)
A;rui taldo might be of som<? service. He i
came over en the McCalloch and after
looking the situation over became dis
;&ur.-.gcd and asked me to send him back
to Hmgkong. I encouraged him to' new
rffonp, however, because I felt sure the
FiUp'nos could take the city, and tho sub
tcqmnt operations of his little f#,ldiers
undoubtedly saved many good American
toi<3i<rs' lives."
FEW. YORK, Aug. 15.— Dr. Montaferue
LEVERSON PROUD OF
$ NOTORIETY GAINED
porch of the second story, and when they
eaw that the women folk were on the
lawn in front of the house, they climbed
down.
When they reached terra flrma and
looked about them they saw that Mrs.
Armitage had disappeared and a few sec
onds later ¦were horrified to hear her call-
Ing out from one of the windows of the
second floor. She had re-entered the
house, presumably to save her mother's
jewels. Her husband and brother im
plored her to jump, as the flames were
very near her. She hesitated, evidently
bewildered, and the two men secured u
ladder and raised it. Both men ascended
to the window, but when they reached It
Mrs. Armitage had disappeared. They
smashed the window, when a great cloud
of smoke followed by flame belched forth
and drove them back despairingly.
At this moment the volunteer firemen
came dashing on the scene. Fireman
Cameron led the van. On being informed
that Mrs. Armitage was still in the blaz
ing house Cameron .mounted the ladder
and leaped through the window into the
tlame and smoke.
Dazed by this act of courage, the crowd
waited silently. In a few minutes Cam
eron's figure was seen in relief against
the background of flames, bearing in his
arms the unconscious and lire-scarred
The family is prostrated by the death of
Mrs. Armitage. She was a handsome
woman, 2* years of age. Her husband is
a railroad engineer. Her mother, Mrs.
Schultz, was in San Francisco at the iimn
of the fire. Mrs. Schultz has several
daughters, one of whom resides in Santa
Rosa, another In Geyscrville, and two in
Healdsburg. One of her sons resides in
the country in this county. AH the mem
bers of the family have been summoned to
Cloverdale. The funeral of Mrs. Armi
tage will te held Thursday.
All efforts to save the house, which wa's
a large structure and well furnished, were
futile and it was destroyed with its
contents, including several thous.anii dol
lars' worth of jewelry and about $1000 in
money, part specie and part paper. The
family lost all wearing apparel. The
total loss is about $10,000. The cause of
the fire is unknown.
Mrs. Armitage was carried to a neigh
bor's house and medical aid was sum
moned. Besides being nearly asphyxiated
by smoke, she had sustained severe
burns about the body, head, hands and
feet. She did not recover consciousness
and shortly after died. All the members
of the family in the house at the time
of the lire suffered more or less severe
burns.
form of Mrs. Armitage. There was a cry
of applause and sighs of relief. Other
firemen ran up the ladder and brought
Mrs. Armitage to the ground and Cam
eron followed just as a great wave of fire
rolled over the spot where he had stood a
moment before.
Fatal Result of
Earlu Morning
Blaze in the
Sonoma Town.
Cneats Fire of
ItsPr.BUitJut.tlie
Lady Dies of
Her Injuries.
his arms the apparently lifeless
form of the beautiful Mrs. Ellen Armi
tage, a cry of admiration and relief arose.
And though Mrs. Armitage succumbed
later from the effects of burns and the
Emoke ehe had Inhaled, Russell Cameron
Is none the less a hero, for he was willing
to give his life to save that of another
human being. It was at 4:30 this morning
that Edward Schultz, the eldest son of
Mrs. E. Schultz, a widow residing in the
line family home on West street, was
aroused by a crackling sound. On peering
out of the windew he tfcas astonished to
perceive that the entire back part of the
house was In flames. He dashed frorr his
room, crying out In warning to the other
occupants of theHiouse. The other mem
bers of the* family in the house were
Mary Schultz. a daughter of the widow,
iir. and Mrs. Armitage, the latter also
a daughter of Mrs. Schultz, and their
child. Thej- all rushed from the house in
their nltrht clothes. Mr. Armitage and
young Schultz had first run out on a
CLOVERDALE, Aus. 15.— When
Russell Cameron, volunteer
fireman, appeared In a cloud of
Emoke and flame at a window
of the burning Schultx resi
dence this morning bearing In
Special Dispatch to The Call,
Plunges to the
Rescue of Mrs.
Armitage In
BurningHome,
Russell Cameron,
One of Clover
clale'sFipemen,
Proves a Hero.
DASHES INTO A SEA OF FLAME
TO SAVE A WOMAN'S LIFE
GRAND RAPIDS. Mich.. Aug. 15.— The
northbound Northland express, which left
this city at 4:05 a. m.. and southbound
passenger train No. 2, due here at 6 a. m.,
collided in a dense fog at an early hour
this morning at Pierson, twenty-nine
miles north of Grand Rapids. Seven per
sons were killed and nine severely In
jured, one of whom cannot recover. The
dead:
CHARLES M. LETTS, Grand Rapid3,
conductor of northbound train No. 6.
GILBERT GROETVKLDT. Grand Rap-
Ids, engineer of No". 5.
WILLIAM H. FISH. Grand Rapids,
engineer of No. 2.
EDWARD D. WOODHOXJSE, Grand
Rapids, fireman of No. 5.
LOUIS G. BOYLE, Grand Rapids, fire
man of No. 2. m _
C. P1EKSON, passenger, of Franklin,
Ind.
RALPH LEVAN, son of Baggageman
Levan of Grand Rapids, who was in the
car with his father.
Fatally injured:
MARli BLOSSOM, Grand Rapids, news
agent; base of skull fractured.
Injured: H. A. Dennis, Grand Rapids,
passenger cut on head, legs jammed and
left shoulder hurt; William Graves, Grand
Rapids (.colored), waiter on No. 5, com
pound fracture of right arm and badly
cut; C. M. Ford, Grand Rapids (colored),
porter on No. 5, injured about legs and
chest; David C. Powers, Grand Rapids,
baggageman of No. 2. i>calp wound, throat
cut, contusions on limbs, both eyes closed;
Frank Poriff, Traverse City, trainman,
head badly cut; William Barnes, Grand
Rapids, dining car conductor, left of
chest hurt, head cut; Harvey Taylor,
Grand Rapids (colored), waiter, both
hands lacerated, arms cut; W. G. Harl
saw, passenger, badly hurt about face
and chest.
When the trains met day was just
dawning and the fog was so thick that
the engineers could not see more than
a hundred yards ahead. According to the
railway officials the collision was the
fault of Operator Wells, stationed at Mill
Creek, four miles north of this city. The
trains\ usually meet at Sand Lake, two
miles north of Pierson. An order was
issued that they meet at Woodstock, four
miles north of Pierson. Later Operator
Wells ¦ was asked if the express had
passed his station yet. He answered
"No." He was then told to countermand
former orders and give orders to No. 5
to meet No. 2 at Sand Lake. Similar or
ders were given to No. 2. Train No. 5
never got the order, having already
passed Mill Creek.
They collided. . therefore, while both
were going at full speed. The forward
cars were telescoped. The big mail and
dining cars on No. 5 saved the Pullmans
in the rear and the passengrer coaches on
No. 2 were saved by three freight cars
which happened to be attached next the
engine. There were eleven cars on train
No. 2 and ten on No. 6. Only six cars re
mained on the track and the engines wera
literally torn to pieces.
When Operator Mills had discovered
his error he tried to stop the express at
Pierson. but was half a minute too late.
The injured were brought to this city and
taken to various hospitals. The dead
were also brought here. -The railroad de
tectives caught thieves at work at the
scene of the disaster.
Accident Happens at Daybreak,
When Both Trains Are Bun
ning at a High Bate
of Speed.
OPERATOR'S FATAL BLUNDER
Seven Killed and Nine In
jured in a Wreck Near
Grand Rapids.
TWO TRAINS
COLLIDE IN
A DENSE FOG
TTASHUCGTON", Aug. 15.—<ren
«raX ilacArthur has cabled the "War
Dtpartrcent a brief statement con
carziine the health of the troop* in
tiie Philippines. Th« number of ¦
sick In the hospitals is set down
at £623 and in Quarters at 1T61. mak
ir^g a tQtal of 6129 sick soldiers, or
S.47 per c«st of the entire army In ¦
the archipelago. ,.
iJTeartftgna Leverson. Advised T«T«-n<<
era to Seize an American Offl
dfll and Try Him. Before
Couzxcil of War.
McKLNLEY CALLED A PIRATE
War Department Publishes
Treasonable Letters Cap
tured by Funston.
FILIPINOS
ENCOURAGED
BY AMERICANS
Tl±ll ttAis i\u^x oi&ob' OaLlL, THURSDAY, AUGUST 16, 1900.
San Franciscan Honored.
¦ At the session of the Supreme Grove
of the. United Andlent Order of Druids" In
Indianapolis yesterday James P. Martln
onl of this city, .junior past noble arch
of ¦ the Grand Grove of California, was
elected supreme herald.
Passing of the Horse.
Year.
5
RUSSELL CAMERON.
STATEMENT
—OF THE—
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
/ -or the—
Pacific Surety
COMPANY
OF SAN FRANCISCO, IN THE STATE OF
California, on tho list day of Decemb»r.
A. D. 1399. and fcr the year ending on that
day, as made to the Insurance Commissioner
of the State of California, pursuant to th»
provisions cf Sections 610 and 611 of the Po-
litical Code, condensed as per blank rarsished
by the Commissioner.
CAPITA!*
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up In
Cash K30.000 00
ASSETS.
Heal Estate owned by Company M.500 09
Loans on Bonds and Mortsaares 161,711 4d
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bends owned by Company S4.353 19
Cash In Company's Office 4is o
Cash In Banks 5.2S7 10
Interest due and accrued on all Stocks
and Loans 1,337 19
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages 970 C-")
Premiums In due Course of Collection. «.«« 73
Cash deposited In Eavlncs Banks 73.345 ?.J
Total Assets J307.1S2 H
LIABILITIES.
Gross premiums on Risks running one
year or less. $ ; reinsurance SO
per cent U8.J30 03
Gross premiums on Risks running
more than one year, $ ; reinsur-
ance pro rata s.OTO S3*
Taxes due and to become due......... 1.230 ."•¦*
Total Liabilities 121. HI 44
INCOME. '
Net cash actually received for prem-
iums - SO.137 7S
Received for Interest on Bonds and
Mortgages 11.47a jj
Received for Interest and dividends
on Bonds. Stocks, Loans, and from
all other sources 5.OTT 44
Received from all other sources 2.859 95
Total Income K3.407 a
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Leases (includ-
ing $ losses of previous years). J3.593 id
Dividends to Stockholders 14.IM 00
Paid or allowed for 'Commission or
Brokerage Z.404 IS
Paid for Salaries. Fees, and other
charges for offlcers. clerks, etc 11.S0S 00
Patd for State, National and Local
taxes J.325 41
All other payments and expenditure*.. 11.923 73
Total Expenditure* *4ft.313 53
LOSSES Incurred durtn* the year SUC2 U
WALLACE EVERSON. President.
A. P. REDDING. Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me. this" 12m
day of January. 19C0. M. M. RHOKER.
Deputy Insurance Commissioner.
PACIFIC SURETY COMPANY
07 CALIFORNIA.
Paid-up Capital and Reserve - $318,000.00
Gcwistee tad Oansltj.
Bonds of SaratTship. . • ;
Sttia Boiler and Flat 3 Glass Iosnrases.
HEAD OFFICE — 326 Montgomery Street,
_^^Ag^~. TONG I=»O G1-!~V,
<He Bvtfc. Successor to Dr. LAI PO TAI,
vSEHf CgSk graduate of Canton Medical
W^iH College, after a very taccest-
Kl, *WJlV ful practice of many years In
JauA W^ China, has located in San
IV V sj Francisco. The surprising and
Vayv if marvelous curea effected by
42^ /k kis herbs demonstrate their
"TgtirKJftt* pcter.ee and h!s skill. Thea*
jdrmuifWit i herbs curs over 400 different
V43SHK?3t5* diseases. including BrlKhfs
j/^EKESy^' Disease. Diabetes. Conaump-
, tton. Asthma. Paralysis,
Brain. Nerve. Cancers, Tumors, Blood. Man»
and Female Maladies. AH persons afSlcted
with any kind of malady whatsoever are in-
vited to call. Office. 727 Washington st. Oa~»
hours— 9 a. m. to 12 ro.. 1 to » p. m.: Sundays.
10 a. m. to 12 m. Accept grateful thanks ? or
effecting a cur» of asthma of several years'
standing. A. PARLEY. San P^faeL
»* .^S!C32Rfc "«>i W * ri " 1 Bli * non-poiiwr.o^
**\i*v3l** *"^i-y63 rociedr for Uonorrhces^
¦iwBycPgEa^gn Gleet, 3pdrinatorrhuei^
i?xYia 1 to 4 4»yi.^3 Wfcit«j, onn»tur»l .iL»
H/xJr OuruMa M chargm. or «ay infla-im*.
BasTW not m nrteiara. tion. i irritation or ulcer*»
P*». jfpr»T«nt» ««nt»gloa. tion o( oocooi men*.
K'ayHEEYJlMSCHElHffuCa branM - Soo-Mtrlneene.
f£j»C:!(CI!IIUT1.0.|l?Jl SoId * y »TBK!ri*t«,
ffflA r -. . "JO or KDt la plain wr*p^nr,
NCgggfcJ" • A^»S by express, prrpald. fui
*£3gfc5fc>w«ad^>g 11.00, or 3 bottle*. $i.7X
Kjj^^^ B Clrnfli ir cum w* £>ajE2s^
Weak Men and Women
SOULD CSE DAM1ANA B1TTER3, THE
great Mexican remedy; gives health and
strength to sexual organs. Depot. 3SS!axk«<.
'¦'_"_'___ ADVEBTIgETffTSWTS. . ' _ ir , o ,.,,_,.,,_..
vflei m??m
\/j. K \\ will wear away a stone. The worries
ffiitf "^OpI Sn^ trials whIch tIme brIn § s t0 every
jMlSJi|!l woman sap her strength and deaden
CJ^^^^^^ her beauty. Weakening drains leave
|b their mark in dark circles under the
i. eyes, haggard lines about the mouth, sallow
. skin and unhappy expression.
. No woman can look well or feel well
f while the organs which make her a woman
4 are Inflamed, congested, or In anything but
a healthy condition. Such ailments gen-
• J- erally spring from a catarrhal condition of
the delicate lining of the pelvic organs.
ft This membrane is especially susceptible to
- colds, strains, overwork, etc., and Is really a
* simple trouble in itself if the right treatment
i be taken.
There is one reliable medicine for
• OF^gn^ congestions, painful irregularities,
x^^^^pp^^. inflammations, irritations, etc., and
that is Pe-ru-na. This is a specific
jfSiiSli^^*§p for systemic catarrh, and brings
llflijpj" "v(M wonderful relief from pain, exhaus-
y^^" J i . tion and the thousand and one ills
r^ ic^Jr\ \ wnic h women on ty know and suffer
s vV^'v J^ \£" * ;: 'y Pe-ru-na will prove a
k fli>iiik^^lS^^ M*'* 7 essin 2 t0 an y woman
1 " / who wi^ §ive a * air tria^"
El^^^^^L'SUi* ' i-\A- v\ * F° r a free copy of
"HEALTH AND BEAUTY," address Dr. Hartman.
President of the Hartman Sanitarium, Columbus, Ohio. ' r
RIEPTI1RF nilRFfl
llui 1 UIIL UUSlLUi
When we eay . "rupture cured" w» mean It.
for It Is a fact that during the past 20 yean
DR. PIERCE' S MAGNETIC ELASTIC TRUSS
has CURED thousands of cases. Nothing els*
like It. Best retainer made. It does tha work.
Investigate tor yourself. cyCall for "Book-
let No. 1," or send 3 centa In stamps. Ad-
'magnetic elastic truss co.,
62O Market St.. San Francisco. '
Or 1145 Broadway. New York City.
ARE YOU A BACHELOR?
If so we- can relieve you of many trou-
bles. "We are sure to please you by
our laundry -work, and you won't find
your buttons off nor your buttonholes
stretched beyond their normal size,' nor
any fringework on your linen. We do Just
the same for married men. so wives take
notice. "We are prompt, obllfdng' and rea-
sonable in price. Domestic finish for full
dress shirts if you order It
"No raw edges."
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
Offico 1004 Market Street,
Near PowtlL
Telephone — South 42O,
Oakland Office— 363 12th Street.
MANHOOD RESTORED
VUallrer. tho prescription of a
S famous French physician, will
quickly cure you of all ner-
vous or diseases of the genera-
tive organs, such as Lost Man-
hood. Insomnia, Pains in the
Back, Nervous Debility, pim-
ples. Exhausting Drains, Varl-
cocele and Const! Datlon. It
•tops all losses by Jar or
nleht. Cnpidene cleanses th«
liver the kidneys and the urinary organs of all
impurities. Cupldene strengthens and restores
¦mall weak orrans. / ¦-
The reason sufferers ire not cured by Doctors
is because 90 per cent are troubled with Pros-
tatltls. Cupldene the only known remedy to
cure without an operation. 5000 testimonials.
A written guarantee given and money re-
turned if « boxes do not effect a permanent
cure. $1.00 a box. 8 boxes for $5.00. by malL
8end for free circular and testimonials.
Address Davol Medicine Co.. 40 Bills st.. Saa
Francisco, Cal.. Grant Dru* Co.. SS& 40 Third st.
A visit DR. JORDAN'S orcat4
iHUSEUM OF ANATOMY*
$ O lC5UU2XX?&?.tii.e&»ft,lf.Cd. J
\ Q> The Larz«t Anatomical Museum In tho \
A vJJL^ World. - W (.Kaf'^VK or Any contracted A
1- S^-Sm disease prilllielj esrad by th€ oldest W
gi Jw J"3 1 SpcaHittrBtiwCout E)L36yew 9
ff $6$SJi Bft-JOaOAK-PSr/ATE DISEASES.*
O n X^T H ri IImcnt personally rr by letter.' A m
\R ff 5Jf N »<¦¦(••" OirsmtteiyaietuiJcraisT. T
AT If llS Wnte for nr)k.PHIl.O«O»»BYtffJ
V I j \yt (B&nnSAGK, MAILED FRU. '. A V
X ' n }t Taluable book for mmj - \
¥ OIL JUBDAS A CO., 1051 Market St.. a. F. 9
P *L^ «%i *»> Os»
DR. HALL'S REIN YIGORATOBgragi
Five hundred reward for any lApMa
case we cannot cure. This secret D*** .¦¦
remedy stops all losses In 24 hours, m ' n
cures Emission?, Impotency, Varl- KEJ F**
cocele. Gonorrhoea. Gleet. Fits. rTTI Snfl
Strictures. Lest Manhood and all liUiJ LmU
wasting elTects of Belf-abu;e or BWi V^*fj
excesses. Sent sealed. JJ bottle; 3 BtaHC^I
bottles, $3; guaranteed to cure any case. Ad-
dress HALL'S MEDICAL INSTITUTE. 855
Hrcadway. Oakland. Cal. Also for sale at 1O73'.»
Market Ft.. S. F. All private diseases quickly
cured. Send for *re« book.
Weekly Call,$1.00 per YearIt is so hot in the East this summer it is said the
most er.ergrtic politicians are disinclined to run for
office ?.r.d are trying to arrange for a shirt waist and
Another tribute has been paid to our spirit of na
tionality. Germany positively declares that we can't
make sausages to suit her and she will have none of
the:n.
The infant parricide of Fresno, it is claimed, in
herited a hatred for his father. The authorities will
probably exercise every care that one of his precocity
i* given no opportunity to cultivate a similar, feeling
for some one else. '.',:^SS8wsi ; : . . . '
If the powers keep on at the rate they have been
going ever since the Boxer outbreak, the Empress of
China will soon have as good an assortment of ulti
matums as the Sultan of Turkey.
The information that a meal may readily be . ob
tained in Nome for 50 cents carries very little conso
lation to those who have found no possible way of
securing the 50 cents. . « *
A strange .complaint is heard in London of a lack
of young men to play serious parts" on the stage, and
ic would, seem there is a chance there for retired
pugilists. \
They evidently play hearts for high stakes in Santa
Cruz. A widow with a lacerated heart wants $15,000
damages, and everybody is wondering what she would
have wanted if the organ had been broken.
Even the Chinese war cannot shut the. jaws of the
prize-fighters. Some lover of his fellow-men ought
to. urge the adoption of a law making it a felony for
Dlug-uglies to talk
Byron W. Church, the local boat builder,
spends much time cautioning people who
visit his place gf business against monkey
inc with circular saws. As his arguments
did not appear to carry conviction to th«
hearts of his hearers, on Tuesday he gave
a practical Illustration of what a rapidly
revolving circular saw will do when en
raged. It cost him about an Inch or tho
Index finger of his loft hand, but It <lom
onstrated that what he ha-1 said all alon ff
about the vicious disposition of circular
saws was correct.— New I»ndon Day.
Buzz-Saw Demonstration.
! In the village of Bodra a Turk named
Ismail, aged 120 years, is in such good
health that he frequently walks to Bar
tin, six hours' distance, to sell esga, for ha
Is a poultry farmer. He has had thirty
four wives, the last of whom he married
only a few days ago. The bride is w
years his Junior, and the marriage was
celebrated with much solemnity, to the
sound of drums and flfea and of volley*
from firearms. The whole villase was en
fete. The wedding procession Included all
the male progeny of the patriarch bride
groom, consisting of 1*> sons, scnir^/oj 13
and grreat-prandsons. The number of nl3
female progeny is not stated.—Constanti
nople Terdjumanl-Haklkat.
The Patriarch Business in Turkey.
CHINESE - AMERICAN - Coloradan
Colorado Springs. A child born in the*
United States of- Chinese *parent3
is an American, popularly called
a Chinese-American. The son of
Chinese parents if born in the United
States, when he attains the age of 21 and
has decided not to adopt the citizenship
of his father, is entitled to vote the same
as any other native. A number of such
have voted In California.
LEGAL— A., City. From the brief state
ment made in letter of inquiry It appears
that the party left the city with Intent
to defraud his creditors. You win have
to call upon the prosecuting attorney of
one of the Police Courts, who, after hea-
lng a full statement of the facts, will give
such advice as to proceedings as the
case calls for.
POPULATION OP THE UNITED
STATES-M. E. T.. Vallejo, and W. M. 1\
City. Just. as soon as the United States'
Census Bureau shall have obtained gross
returns from all the States and Territories
SW? e B2P u l5 u . on that fac * will be pub
llshed in The Call. What the population
of W e ?° ° ne ° an " teU * Wlth an y de S r ee
BOYS IN THE NAVY— H., Atwater,
Cal. Apprentices in the United « States
navy mipht be called upon to land and en
gage In active service If they happened
to be In the vicinity of a. place where such
service would be required, but as appren
tices are such until the nge of 21 only
those who are classed as "large boys
would be selected for such service.
WHICH CAIRO?-Contralto, City. This
department Is, willing to try and obtain
the desired Information If advised as to
time and If the writer refers to Cairo
Egypt, or Cairo. J\\. Correspondents in
asking questions should state matters
clearly and concisely so that information
may be obtained and the answer pub
lished.
LIQUOR AT RETAII^— B. D.. City. The
amount that a person can sue another for
in California for liquor cold at retail i»
not to exceed J5 ;
RAISING RENT— W. M.. City. When a
landlord gives notice of an increase of
rent jthe notice is usually accompanied
with the warning that If the increased
rent Is not paid th<» tennnt will have to
vacate at the expiration of thirty days.
A JUDGMENT-Subscriber, Lidell. Cal.
If a Judgment has been obtained against
a party, the one obtaining tt has a right
to levy on any money that the debtor has
coming to him. except such portion as
under the provisions of the Civil Code, is
exempt from execution.
NOT A PREMIUM COIN— N., City. A
ten-dollar piece of 1851 does not command
a premium from dealers. They offer to
pell such at an advance of from $2 50 to
$5, according to state of preservation. "In
God we trust" was first placed on United
States coins in 1S64, first appearing on
two-cent pieces.
There is no free school in San Francisco
in which Italian and Spanish are taught.
ANSWERS TO CORBESPOHTDENTS.
NO SUCH COMBINATION*— C. P.. City.
TRAVELING COSTUME
The traveling costume represented In
the Illustration la of turtle dove gray
covert coat. The princess dress la adorn
ed with" flat plpats and a hood lined with
white satin. The waistband Is of gray
doeskin and the front Is fastened with
silk brandebourps and buttons to match.
What has happened in South Carolina is apt to hap
pen in other Southern States. The suppression of the
negro vote, which has been done by Democratic poli
ticians to assure the success of their party, may have
the effect of leading decent white men in the South
to revolt against the boss domination that has con
trolled them so long. At any rate, the fight against
the pitchfork statesman will be watched with interest,
and the country will be ready to congratulate South
Carolina if he be beaten.
Among the antagonists of the State dispensaries are
the advocates of licensed saloons such as exist in
other States, and with them are joined Prohibitionists
who oppose the sale of liquor, even by the State.
This combination has given Tillnflin occasion to de
clare-recently that the opposition to him and his can
didate for Governor is made up of "an unholy alliance
cf the clergy and the rum interest." Such a charge
has aroused the church people, and now there appears
to be something of a religious fervor in the fight..
While the dispensary law is the issue of the cam
paign, it is said that in the minds of most of the lead
ers on either side the real animus of the strife is the
domination of Tillman. It is a contest between the
boss and the opponents of his policies, his practices
and his personality. In other words, the opponents
of Tillman have so managed affairs that he has been
compelled to stake his political future upon a fight
ever the State dispensaries, and accordingly there
have been arrayed against him many classes of people
who perhaps have never before voted together.
SENATOR TILLMAN of South Carolina has
in his own barnyard of South Carolina trouble
enough to keep him busy with his pitchfork
from now until after the election. By suppressing the
negro vote through a constitutional amendment he
left a way open for the white men of the State to come
forth against him, and they have come. They have
chosen his State dispensary system of handling the
liquor traffic as the point upon which to do battle with
him, and already the campaign is making noise
enough to be heard beyond the limits of the State.
TILLMAN IN TROUBLE.
¦ "One night I resolved to give her a
scare. I rolled a lot of old newspapers
into a bundle and laid, them down by. the
window. Then I crept Into bed. Some
time after she nudged me and
said:. 'Jim, I'm sure you didn't open that
window; the room's like an oven. Get up
and see.'
"So I got up, went to the .window and
flung my bundle down, to the walk below.
It struck with a dull thud, and behind
the curtain I awaited developments. <
"I 1 couldn't see my wife, but at last she
said: 'Poor old Jim, he's tumbled out of
the window in his ¦ raggedest nightshirt.
What a spectacle he'll be when they find
hirrr!'. 1 Then she went -to sleep, and I
sneaked into bed."— Stray Stories.
"You see. she likes the window In our
bedroom open every night. As I usually
go to bed last, she depends on me to open
It. Frequently, she wakes up In the night
and asks me to see if it is open. If I don't
Bhe nags at me until morning.
"Kxplain yourself."
"I don't think I'll try any more practi
cal Jokes on my wife. They don't turn
out well."
HIS RUSE DIDN'T "WORK
"Oh, I know," exclaimed the little girl;
"it's just like getting vaccinated. It
didn't take the lirst time."— Philadelphia
Press.
"Mamma," said little Ethel. "Sirs. Gay
ley's husband isn't dead, is he?"
"Then what's she going to be married
again for?" • ivT:^
"Never mind, dear. You can't under
stand such things."
Snarley— Don't you think Henpeck has
a wonderful control over his voice?
Yow-No; but his wife has.— Baltimore
American.
RESTING ON HIS RECORD.
"I met a man a short time ago who
says you* paid him for his vote."
"Well, sir," answered Senator Sorghum,
drawing himself up, "I should defy him
to pay otherwise. There Is no man who
dares Insinuate that I attempted to cheat
him out of his money under those circum
stances."—Washington Star.
Tourist— So you have paid off all the
mortgages?
Kansas Farmer — Yes; but it's a shame,
Kansas Farmer— Why, some haven't
had their mortgages lifted an' are payin'
th" interest Jes* f show they can afford
It.
KNEW WHAT HE WANTED.
Aunt Ella— Well, Bobble, I hear it's
your birthday to-morrow. Now, what
would you like your auntie to give you
for a present? . ' ;V_ \'<
Bobble — Big box o* choc'lates^ ; i.; : - :
Aunt Ella— Well, and what else?
Bobble— 'Nuvver. box 0' choe'lates.
Aunt Ella — Oh, but I'm afraid so'many
chocolates would be too much for your
little tummy. Choose something else.
Bobbie— 'Nuvver tummy!— Punch.
AS TO THE DIVORCEE.
DIFFERENT.
LATEST STORIES
of the
FUNNY MAN.
It has been known for months past that the one
danger to the Kepublican party this year is that of z
feeling of over-cor.fi«!ence among its members. The
slight registration in Republican districts in this city
shows that dar.gtr to be a real one. It is clear a good
many Republicans are so sure of the success of the
party that ther feel more or less indifferent as to their
own political duties. The showing of the registration
should have the effect of dissipating any feeling of that
kind. Republican! who have not yet registered should
do «o at once. The election is going to be an impor
tant one not only in" national but 'in State affairs.
Therf is needed a majority of honest and true Repub
lican? in the Legislature, and to effect that it is im
portant that in each Assembly district every Repub
lican voter should do his duty to the party and to the
country.
f he most sigr.ifir art feature of the tables, however,
is to be found not in the comparison of the registra
tion of this year with that of 1898. but of the registra
tion in the Democratic districts as compared with thai
in Republican districts. Nearly the whole of the in
creased registration is in the Democratic districts.
In fact, ir. two Republican districts there is a de
cieafe, and in nn<? only has there been an increase suf
ficiently large to be notable.
COMPARATIVE tables compiled by Registrar
Walsh fhowing the registration at his office up
to August 9 for the present year and for 189S
are deserving of careful study by Republican voter?.
There are eighteen Assembly districts in the city, nine
being normally Democratic and nine Republican. Tne
tables, giving the registration by district?, the Re
publieaxi being marked R and the Democratic D, are
as follows:
August August
Assembly District. 9, 189 s *. 9, 190ft.
D. Twr-nty-f-ighth 1.49« 1.571
I}. Twenty-ninth 1.733 2.036
U. Thirtieth ./ l.*21 1.KC4
I). Thirty-first 2.1I»S 'J.205
D. Thirty-second 1.41S 1.550
IX Thirty-third 1,640 1.S43
K. Thirty-fourth 2.62C 2,699
B. Thirty-fifth 1,734 1.S54
R. Thlrty^eixth 2.709 '2.S79
Ft. Thlrty-M?verth 2.5**2 3.125
R. Thirty-.-ightli 2.755 2.731
K. Thirty-ninth 2.749 2.80a
R. Fortieth 2X27 2.63S
R. Forty-tirst 2.361 2.WJ
R. Korty-so'Ci-ind 1.S34 1.M13
D. Forty-third 1.575 1,647
D. Forty-fourth 1,312 1.571
D. Forty-fifth l,01g 1,218
Totals 36.420 38.736
It will be seen there has been an increase of registra
tion this year at the main oftice over that of 1898 of
2»ro voters. That increase is smaller than was to have
been expected, for 1898 was an of! year in politics,
while this year the voters have all the incentives of a
Presidential election to urge them to act promptly in
getting their names on the register. It is true the
seeming apathy of the people may be explained by the
fact that while in 1878 registration at the main office
closed on August 9, it will not .close this year for a
month to come. Surh an explanation, however, im
plies that a considerable number of people prefer to
wait for a rush rather than to register early, when
they can do so with pmmptness instead of having to
stand in line and w2.it, and therefore, while it may be
a valid one. it is by no means creditable to the good
sense of the voters.
REPUBLICAN REGISTRATION.
When the Chinese Emperor receives
either his own high oQlcials or an occa
sional European visitor the Dowager Em
press Is present behind a screen, and if
only Chinese are present she breaks in
on the conversation with advice, or, rath
er, orders. The only man to whom she
ever listens with deference Is Li Hung
Chang.
In the window of an old curiosity shop
not far from the British Museum may be
seen an elaborately carved Ivory tooth
pick, with the following description at
tached: "Toothpick formerly the prop
erty of Oliver Cromwell; supposed to
have been the one he picked nis teeth
with before he signed the death warrant
of Charles I."
An authentically genuine lock of the
first Napoleon's hair, cut from his head
on his deathbed at St. Helena, has Just
changed hands, the purchase^ paying I12C0
for it.
There will be a grand sypsy meeting at
Ardmore. I. T., during the present month.
Many of the stragglers are already on the
ground. The camps will be principally
filled by nomads from the Territory and
from Texas. Few from the eastern sec
tion of the country will put In an appear
ance.
The Supreme Court of Alabama in a re
cent decision, says the Street Railway Re
view, upholds the rulings of a lower
court that whites and negroes should oc
cupy separate portions of street car9.
A rhinoceros bird, about the size of a
turkey, which was shot on the i.«tand ox
Java had in ltd craw a rim from a small
telescope and three brass buttons, evident
ly belonging to a British sohller.
Ostriches are not the only swift-runnlns
animals that can outstrip the srx»efl of an
hor3e. There" is a land crab in Cuba that
can rival the ostrich, and go much faster
than a horse.
A petition of many members of the Bal
timore Chamber of Commerce for the
privilege of appearing on 'Change in their
shirt sleeves was denied by the board of
directors.
The largest carpet In the world is In
Windsor Castle. It Is 40 feet in breadth
and contains 58.84O,OfiO stitches. The weav
ing of it occupied twenty-eight men four
teen months.
By the enlargement cf a ship canal
nineteen miles long Brussels becomes a
port for ship3 of 20ort tons. The old limit
was vessels of 300 tons.
Dutch coins in British Guiana are to b«
demonetized. Ample time will be given
for holders to get them exchanged at ths
treasury.
The ordinary beer glass Is regulated by
law in Bavaria, and must hold exactly
half a liter, or nearly nine-tenths of a
pint.
A German doctor finds that only in one
case out of fifteen are both eyes in good
condition.
Edmond Rostand has lately been re
ceiving: royalties on "Cyrano de Bergerac"
and ••L'Alglon" averaging $300 a night.
FOR CALL READERS.
Miss Virginia Jackson, the pretty and
attractive young San Francisco actress
who a few years since charmed the thea
ter-going public at the Orand Opera-house.
Alcazar and other local houses, is lying
ill at her home in. New York. She con
tracted a severe Illness while playing In
Millford. Mass., last spring. Miss Jack
son is a niece of Colonel J. P. Jackson,
Collector of the Port, of San Francisco.
Mrs. J. B. Frisble, wife of General Fria
ble. U. S. A., retired; with her family, 13
at the Occidental. They are on their way
to Mexico, their home. They have been
summering at Vallejo.
Judge J. K. I*aw and wife of Merced
are spending a few days in the city and
have taken rooms at the Lick.
Sheriffs T. M. Brown and A. C. Buck
of Humboldt and Sierra counties respect
ively, are at the Russ House.
M. D. Scribner of Tombstone, Ariz., con
nected with Wells. Fargo & Co. in that
city, is stopping at the Russ.
William Pennlged, a prominent Reno
merchant, and wife are stopping at the
Occidental.
The Rev. Dr. S. Hecht and daughter are
registered at the Palace from Los Atige
les.
J. R. Foster, a hotel man of Marysvllle,
is at the Lick.
F. Beaudry, a mining expert of Weaver
ville, is at the Palace.
C. S. Pierce, who has a vineyard at
Fresno, is at the Russ.
S. Pimchowcr, a Cloverdale merchant,
and his wife are at the Grand.
D. C. Mitchell, a prominent St. Helena
lawyer, is stopping at the Grand.
C. D. Perrlne, astronomer at the Lick
Observatory, Is at the Occidental.
Mark L. McDonald, a Santa Rosa cap
italist, is registered at the Occidental.
PERSONAL MENTION.
FASHION HINT FROM PARIS.
We have, of course, none but the kindliest feelings
toward Spain and our people are well pleased to learn
0/ her increasing prosperity. The exchange of tropi
cal colonies for American machinery and military
vainglory for honest and persevering industry will
certainly be beneficial to all her people and in the
course of a few years her historians may find as good
reason to be pleased with the loss of their American
possessions as British historians are now of the loss
to the British crown of those provinces in France
that bound England to the mainland and kept her
people in interminable wars.
Such is the unexpected way fn which cause and ef
fect operate in this complex world of ours. Spain,
crushed and humiliated, is going to work and is buy
ing American machinery to help her in the task, while
we are sending good money and a host of vigorous
young men away from the fields of industry to the
dreary and endless task of conquering tropic islands
and civilizing into our ways a race of people who have
already a civilization that is better fitted for them,
inasmuch as it is a natural development of their racial
characteristics. and their climatic conditions.
Spain Is undeniably progressing. The fine old Iberian
temper Is unbroken. No longer drained of her young
men to maintain a colonial empire, and free from tho
annual expense of $100,000,000 which it was costing to
retain the colonies, Spain Is prospering. The Government
asks for a loan of J200.000.000, and the Spanish people
subscribe S600.0o0.000. New factories are being built,
even electric cable works; electric traction is being
Introduced in the Spanish cities, and at Madrid, such
is the increased activity In business and travel, two
fine new hotels are to be built at once. Every improve
ment known to modern hotels will bo introduced. To
day Spain, once more thriving, is buying heavily of
machinery and sending large orders to the United
States.
OUT of our war with Spain we emerged with
the glory, the victory and the spoils. Every
immediate honor and advantage was in our
hands. It appears, however, that the genuine profits
of the conflict are with the Spanish. We are having
strife and expense as a consequence of taking posses
sion of the spoils, while the Spanish are enjoying for
the first time in years the benefits of a sound financial
condition.
A recent review of Spanish affairs, published in the
Mexican Herald, says:
THE PROFIT TO SPfllN
THURSDAY AUGUST 16, 1900
JOHN D. SPRECKELS. Proprietor.
tdd-czt A!i Comnunica'iorj to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
MAVAUIJKS OFFICE Telephone Press SO4
t»l:.tl_lCAT(O.\ OFFICE!. ..Market mul Third. S. K.
Telephone I'rcsa 201.
EDITORIAL. JtOOJIS. . . .21/ <o 221 Stevenson St.
Telephone Press 2O2. ,
nell-rcred t,y «>rrlcr". 15 Ont« Per WeeU.
Mncle Coplen. G Cents.
Terms by Moll. Including POBtdfret
X>A IT-T CALL. (inc:u<!!lRc Sunday), one. f»<*r t*.<W
EAII-T CALL. (Including Sunday), t menths 109
DA1LV O.J.L <»r.clu<l!nj Sunday). 1 months 1.59
DA'.LT CAl.lt— Uy 81rrl» Idonth - j Co
EtWDA? CAIJ< One T«r „ LW
VrrniiLT CALX, One Year LO0
Ali postmasters ore nntborlced to recelre
Knhncrlpllona.
Basiplt ocples «rtll be fcm-aified when requested.
!!*«'. rutsrr!N>m la oraerinR cbanss cf ai&r**t elicuia b»
ptrueclar t» rive tioth NEW A^D OLD ADDItSSS in crSer
to :::«u-* a prctnpt *n<J ccrrcct compliance with thctr rcaacst.
OAKLAMi CFF1CE HIS Brondnny
C GEORGE KPOGN'ESS,
Mira^er Foreign Advertising, Marquette Building. Chicago.
«L«?.»f Distance Telephone "Central 2613.")
XEV7 TORK CORRESPONDENT!
C C. CARUON.; Herald Square-
NEW TORK KEPRE3EXTATIVK:
STEPHEN B. SMITH.,.. 30 Tribune Bui'.ding
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Sfcenr.aa Tlmirr; P. O. »•*» Co.; (Jrut Northern Hotel:
Trtr.zcat Ucuse. Auditorium Hotel.
KEW TORK NEWS STANDS:
Waiaorf-Artorls Hotel: A. Breatane. U Union Square-*
Sumy hl!l Hotel.
WASHINGTON (D. C.I OFFICE Wellington Hotel'
MORTON E. CRANE. Correspondent.
BRASCPOrnCES-K; Mer.t^wery. corner of Clay. op«a
ur.U! 9 CO o'clock. SW Hayes. ci>en until ?:S5 o'clock. «3
i:<-A::ist«-. cp?n mtta SJO o'clock. 615 Uarkln. ci>er. until
»:2C> o'clock. 19U MlMiion. open until 10 o'clock. 2261 Market.
comer Sixteenth. c;ier. ur.iil » o'clock. 1096 Valencia, open
until 9 o'clock. Ut Eleventh, open ur.Ul S o'clock. NW cor
¦* r and Kentucky. oj>en until t o'clock
AT the close of last week the committee in charge
of the celebration of Admission day appealed
to the citizens of San Francisco to complete
by the end of this week the $50,000 fund expected
from the city as a contribution toward making the
festival the most magnificent in our annals. The end
of the week is now at hand, and it is therefore timely
to once more urge all citizens who can afford it to
make a liberal appropriation and make it promptly.
No argument can be required to convince intelligent
men of the importance of contributing to the fund at
once if they intend to contribute at all. The date of
the celebration is rapidly approaching. The prepara
tions for it are to be made on an extensive and elab
orate scale. Time is therefore an element of great
value in the enterprise, and the committee should
know at once what amount of money is to be avail
able for the work.
Admission day celebrations never fail to appeal to
the patriotic, instincts of Californians, but this time
the appeal comes with more potency than ever before.
We arc now to manifest to the Union what has been
accomplished within the comparatively short period
cf fifty years of statehood. The Native Sons of all
sections of the State have resolved to display what
has been done in their counties, and the details of the
celebration are therefore sure to be brilliant and at
tractive. There remains for San Francisco, as the
metropolis of the Stale and the scene of the celebra
tion, to. provide a fitting frame, as it were, for the
whole gorgeous and splendid festival. Every San
Franciscan in proportion to his means should make a
contribution to this fund, and, moreover, he should
make it at once.
ADMISSION DflY FUND.
It is a nice combination to ask the support of the
anti-expansionists The frozen truth is that with
Bryan for President under such influences the country
will get expansion, imperialism and free silver all in
one drastic, griping dose.
This, then; is the chief supporter of Colonel Bryan,
who has been elected president of the National Asso
ciation of Democratic Clubs, and is daily howling
r.bout the constitution following the flag, and joins
in Bryan's denunciation of an increase in the army and
navy!
He continued the same line of argument, called
anti-expansionists Toiies, Bluelighters and Copper
heads, and abused the President for supposed aver
sion to nailing the fUg to the Philippines.
August 13 he said: "We hold Manila and our flag
is hoisted there. No Blount in America will venture
"Well, we should keep the Philippines — because
we have annihilated Spain's power in that quarter of
the globe, and the responsibility of their peace and
order cannot be escaped, except by a loss of honor:
because it would pay; because the land is of immense
richness and needs only intelligent application of
modern methods to make it enormously productive;
because we need markets for our manufactures out
side our own land, which is now unable to furnish em
ployment to afl its people: because it will give us a
favorable position to contend for the trade of the
Orient; because the commerce of the Pacific is ready
for the greatest development in history. At the touch
of the American genius of production the Philippines
rt'ill return great profits to this country. A3 for the.
cost of an army and navy to protect them, it will be
no burden. Such troops as we maintain in the islands
* ill be paid out of the island revenues, on which they
will be a proper charge, and as for the navy, we are
going to have a' big one, anyhow. We shall draw
profits from the trade. As for the doubts of our abil
ity to rule colonies wisely and well, we are, in govern
ment, the heirs of the English, who have solved that
problem to perfection. We can do as well as they,
and if we cannot construct a system we can bor
row it."
August 1. 1898, he began to gird at the President,
saying: '"There are a great many people in this coun
try who would like to draw out of the Asiatic broil
altogether. The}- are the same people who opposed
going to war in the beginning, and they still oppose
acquisition of outside territory. It is evident that
the President desires to put away the responsibilities
which an occupation of the Philippines would entail,
and this although he must be aware that the prepon
derance of sentiment favors their retention. The Pa
cific Coast regrets that the President has resolved to
abandon the Philippines. We have made considerable
sacrifice in men and money to carry on the war. We
hoped that there miglu be some accruing benefit from
the acquisition of an important share of the trade of
these rich and fertile islands." August 7 he said:
'"Why should we keep the Philippines? ask 'the little
Americans/ who fear to look outside the continent.
Why should we spend money and support an army
and navy to insure the peace and industry of islands
7000 miles away? comes the cry from those who think
a nickel in the hand is better than a dollar gained in
venturesome trade. Why should we subject our poli
tics to the' added dangers of the corruption which has
overwhelmed Spain by adding colonies to our respon
sibilities? asks the timid publicist who is always fear
ing for the stability of our institutions.
One week later he snid: "If the administration sus
pect that the Philippines are a white elephant and do
not know what to do with them, the mercantile and
financial elements of the United States have no such
doubts."
Eight days later he said: "The matter of Aguinaldo
appears to be more serious. His acts are apparently
in direct denial of the rights of the United States in
the Philippines. Now it is not improbable that after
the Spanish are expelled it will be necessary to deal
with«Aguinaldo and his fellow chiefs before peace can
be restored in the islands."
On July 15. 1808, he said: '"The new national pol
icy is in part accomplished. Hawaii has, been en
r.excd, and the fall of Santiago heralds the freedom of
Cuba. Rest not until all things have been done to
rr.akc the nation great. . Add ships to the navy.
Make We«t Point and Annapolis great universities for
the training of warriors."
Two days after that he said: ''There is no reason
why the inferior races should be admitted to citizen
ship, and Congress has the fullest power to make such
law as may be necessary for the government of the
islands, without being hampered by any of the restric
tions which the constitution places on the legislative
power in dealing with its own citizens.".
Hearst's case is one of peculiarly aggravated hy
pocrisy. His Ivysterical screeching for expansion is
too ffesh in the public mind to be dislodged by his
p:e.-ent abuse of the President and his party. On
June 27, 1S9S, Hearst, over his own signature, said in
his New York Journal: "Every officer and every pri
vste in the American forces on land and sea hopes
that no peace will be granted until the American flag
is nailed to the flagstalls of Porto Rico and the Philip
pines — not simply hoisted, but nailed."
He then published in poster type his celebrated
American policy, "Nail the flag to the Philippines."
So anxious was he to sec this nailing done that he
kowtowed to Great Britain, and on July 2. 1808, said:
"There can be no question that the American people
dceplyapprcciate the friendly attitude of England, or
that the expression of that feeling by prominent Brit
ish statesmen has been of distinct benefit to this
country."
Six days later he said: "For the present the Phil
ippines mi'st have an American government, and if
Aguinaldo docs not 'ike it he will have to reckon with
the officers of the American army and navy."
SOME surprise is expressed in the Bryan ranks
because the anti-expansionists show but little
disposition to accept him as their representa
tive and give to him their support.
There need be no surprise. It is known to them
! that the South, which expects to give him 120 elec
toral votes, is practically solid for holding the Philip
j pines and for unbounded external expansion. They
j know, also, that his chief newspaper support comes
! frcm the Louisville Courier-Journal and Hearst's
i three papers. Such being the sectional and journal
i istic fountain of renewed Bryanism, they are right in
! concluding that it wiil rise no higher than its source.
j find that a game of political hypocrisy is bting played
I to catch votes, elect Bryan and give him the power
to undo gold standard legislation and destroy the
! public credit.*
FOLlTICfIL HYPOCRISY.
ROCKEFELLER RICHER
FAR THAN MONARCHS
¦ 'w /EALTH has given John D. Rocke-
I -I f feller an income which any mon-
III arch might envy, for- he comes
very near to receiving more
money "in the course of a year
than all the crowned heads of Europe
combined.
That last princely dividend of the Stan
dard OH Company caused the world, of
finance to pause and think how much the
King of Petroleum really possessed. An
drew Carnegie, and that canny Scot has
an income of $20,000,000 a year himself,
says that John D. Rockefeller is the
wealthiest man in" the world. It Is con
servatively estimated that Rockefeller's
income is $30,000,000 a year.
It is a bold declaration to make when it
is said that Mr. Rockefeller is the rich
est man on earth, yet financiers say that
the figures will bear out the assertion.
He may be the richest man who ever
was, for there was Solomon, who, by con
trolling a considerable trade in Ophlr
gold, Lebanon cedar, granite, oils and
such things, as. well as by .levying tribute
and selling concessions, managed to get
together an annual income of 666 talents.
That is $17,502,450. Out of the savings
from the Kine and voluntary contribu-
INCOME MORE THAN
KINGLY.
John D. Rockefeller $30,000,000
Czar of. Russia 12,000,000
Emperor of Germany (as
King of Prussia only)... 3.S32.770
Emperor of Austria-Hun
gary 3,875,000
King of Italy 2.858.000
King of Spain 2.000.000
Queen of England 1,925,000
King of Portugal ....: 634,440
King of Greece 250,000
King of . Norway and
Sweden 575.525
King of Saxony 735.000
King of Wurtemberg 443,000
King of Roumanla 237.000
King of Bavaria 1,412,000
King of Belgium.; 660,000
King of Denmark * 227.775
King of Servia 240.000
to determine the income of the Kciperor
of Germany, for. besides the nearly $4,000.
000 on his civil list as King of Prussia, he
has a large Income from vast estates in
various parts of Germany.
FIGURES THAT DAZZLE.
John D. Rockefeller lives simply. His
table does not abound in luxurious food.
His abodes are plainly furnished. Yet ha
has more money than monarch? who arc
surrounded by gold-laced functionaries,
and are hurried abroad in carriages orna
mented with solid gold.
Th!s quiet man, at whose feet great uni
versities are called into being and schools
and colleges take on new life, has the
wealth of a Croesus, the touch of Midas
and the worldly wisdom of a Solomon.
Those who wish to get an Idea of tho
figures uj>on which the estimate of John
D. Rockefeller's wealth Is based need
first turn their thoughts to oil. Mr. Rocke
feller owns about one-third of the $100,000.
000 stock of the Standard Oil Company.
The stock pays dividends of 43 per cent
a year, which would give him an annual
income of $16,000,000.
Aside from that he has an enormous
Income from Iron Interests In the
Mesaba range. He has th© control-
tions the temple was built. In the course
of seven years the Hebrew King was bankrupt. He maintained
out of his Income 40,000 stall* of horses and 12,000 horsemen.
FABULOUS WEALTH.
Then there was Midas, a half mythological personage, who
ruled Phrygia. Everything he touched turned to gold, includ
ing the viands which he planned to eat. He. too. suffered from
indigestion. Croesus, whose wealth has never been calculated,
felt piqued when Solon did not enthuse over his prosperity.
He had too much oil. The fluid was poured over a pile of fagots
on which he was compelled to sit. The kindly intervention of a
rainstorm watered it so thoroughly that the life of the Lydian
monarch was spared.
Queen Victoria is ordinarily supposed to be wealthy. Her in
come from her private estates is comparatively small, for she
gave away some of the most valuable of her property upon her
accession to the throne. Her annuity, which includes all the ex
penses of her household, is about two million dollars. The mem
bers of her family have separate annuities which are not in
cluded in the estimate.
The income of the Czar of Russia, which Is derived largely
from vast private domains, is estimated at $12,000,000. It Is hard
ling Interest In a fleet of steamers up
on the Great I,akcs. He has large and select blecks of stock
in gas and electric companies In the principal cities of the
¦United States. The Standard Oil Company helps him to con
trol gas and electricity In almost unlimited quantities.
OTHER SOURCES OF INCOME.
Mr. Rockefeller's • interests In railroad properties are ex
tensive. He practically owns the Missouri. Kansas and Pacific
Railroad. The stock Is cheap, yet the bonds pay interest. It la
generally understood that Mr. Rockefeller has stock In th©
Missouri Pacific, the Chicago Northwestern, the Chicago, Mil
waukee and St. Paul; the Delaware. Lackawanna and Western;
the New York Central, the New York. New Haven and Hart
ford; the Pennsylvania, the Union Pacific, the Baltimore and
Ohio, the Northern Pacific, the Chicago and Alton, the Chicago.
Burlington and Qulncy. and the National Transit Company. Ho
also has stock In the National City Bank, the Fanners' Loan
and Trust Company, the Amalgamated Copper Company, and
scores of other mining properties are on his list.
From a study of these properties It will be* seen that Mr.
Carnegie's estimate Is a conservative one.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, '.THURSDAY, AUGUST 16, 1900.
The Board of Public Work's must have a suspicion
that their secret of a public snap is becoming public
property. Another junketing trip to Lake Tahoe.
planned by the board, has been indefinitely postponed
by the acting Mayor. v.
The German university is doomed. President
Benjamin Idc Wheeler says that an educated taste for
beer is not an indication of either sweetness or light
in the world 'of culture.
6
The Washington police are conducting a
crusade against profanity. Two men who
had been caught were arraigned in tho
Police Court recently. One was fined and
the other released on the ground that he
ylPlded to temptation because of tha hot
weather In cold weather, he said, he
was a totfl abstainer from profanity.
Special Information supplied daily to
business houses and PU^Hc .*° e ? m b y r *J 1 , e
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen s). 510 Mont-
gomery st: Telephons Main 1042. . •
Cal. tlnce fruit 50c p»*r H> at Toirasend'*. •
California— "The Brownies tn Fairyland."
Tlvoll— "Riuoletto."
Alcazar— "A Suit of Pable."
Columbia— "Th* Adventures of the Lady L'rEUla."
Orpheum— Vaudeville.
Grand Orera-House— 'Trilby."
Olympia., corr.er Mason and Eddy ttreets— Specialties.
Chutes. Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
•ven:ns-
rischer**— Vaudeville. ,
Botn Bath£— Open Nlphts.
State Fair. Sacramento— September 2 to 15.
AMUSEMENTS.
All! persons afflicted wltrj dyspepsia will a-.!
Immediate relief and sure cure by using Dr.
B leg, erf s Angostura Bitters.
,T1)« 'Santa F» will sell tickets to Cn1c**»
and rrturn on August 21 and 23 at the v»t'
low rate of 172 W. good for ilxty dayi. T*:»
Is a very low rate and ts open for all. TWf
will tell yap all about It at «S4 Market street.
On the 21st and Ed inst.. when purc!iaslr.{
tickets, to Chicago ami return, be careful th"t
they read one way via the Northern Pacific
Kail way. The only line running to the Y»'-
lowstone • rark. Inquire for Information of T.
K. Stateler. General A Kent. 638 Market st ,
next tcr Chronicle bunding.
NORTHERN PACIFIC RAILWAY
Cheap Bates to Chicago and ReturnCome and Get Fitted.
Out of 1000 pairs of ladles' $3.50 shoes for
SI. M. also 936 pairs odd sizes at 50 cents a
pair, to-morrow (Friday); at the Standard
Shoe Company, 1029 Market St., between
Sixth and Seventh. -/jSttjil *
Shriners' Excursion.
The interest manifested In the Shrin
ers* excursion by the Zealandla to Hono
lulu Is made apparent -by the first day's
eale of tickets at the office of the Oceanic
Steamship Company. 114 Montgomery
street, yesterday. The amount realized
was t97oO, which Is In excess of the most
eanirulne expectations of the promoters.
From the number of orders In the hands
of the executive committee it is apparent
that a second steamer will have to be
chartered.
Closing Out Odd Lots.
One thousand odd framed pictures and
panels, from 25 cents up, to be closed out
to make room for fall goods. Everything
marked with a red tag to be sold at one.
half off from the regular^price. ¦ Sanborn
Vail & Co., 741 Market street. „ •
The Scott Anniversary.
St. Andrew's Society will celebrate the
one hundred and twenty-ninth anniver
sary of the birth of Sir Walter Scott In
Scottish Hall to-morrow evening. - The
celebration will take the form of a lec
ture on "The Making- of a Poet". and ap
propriate views will be shown on a large
screen. There will also be music appro
priate to the occasion. The lecturer will
be W. H. Hudson, professor of : English
literature In the Stanford University.
ZICK ABRAMS WEARY OF
POLICE SURVEILLANCE
He Makes a Written Demand on
Chief Sullivan Which That Of
ficial Will Ignore.
Tho shift9~to which poolsellers are driv
en to get rid of the surveillance of the
pollco","were ' exemplified yesterday by the
following written demand made upon
Chief Sullivan •¦ by Ziek Abrams, 101 Ellis
street:\. ; . ;.. - . - ¦ • _¦:¦:.
SAX FRANCISCO. Aug. 15. 1900.
•To William P. Sullivan" Jr., Chief of Police of
the City and County of San . Francisco, State
of California: Demand is hereby made upon
you that you vacate your occupancy of the
PIPER HEIRS AGREE \
TO OPPOSE SHEARER
Contest to Decedent's Testament Will
Be Answered Within Ten
If the present intentions of the heJrs
and devisees under the will of the late
William A. Piper are adhered to, Dr. M.
M. Shearer of Sonoma, who has filed a
contest to decedent's will, . must prove
each and all of his allegations before he
can add a portion of the estate to his
assets. .' " »
The matter of the contest was called by
Judge Dunne, sitting in Judge Troutt's
department of the Superior Court, yester
day. C. W. Cross, attorney, for the con
testant, asked that a citation be Issued to
the heirs and devisees under the will of
the deceased, directing them to appear
within twenty days and show cause. If
such they had. why the order admitting
decedent's will to probate should not be
set aside. /
Attorney Louis Hoeffler of the firm of
Bishop & Wheeler, disposed of this mo
tion by waiving the formality of citation
and said that he would tile answer to. the
contest within ten days. Join the Issues
and force the case to trial.
ROSENBAUM'S WIDOW
SUES FOR ACCOUNTING
Decedent's Brothers, Partners in Finn
in Which He Was Interested,
Defendants.
Sarnh - Rosonbaum, as administrator of
the estate of her late husband, Kmil D.
Rosenbaum, filed suit yesterday against
Albert M.. Samuel M. and Charles W.
Rosenbaum, surviving partners In the
firm of Rosenbaum Bros., for an account-
Ing of the firm's tranactions since the
death of her husband, who was largely
interested in the corporation. Mrs. Rosen
baum asks that pending the judgment a
receiver be appointed to take charge of
the business.
In addition Mrs. Rosenbaum asks that
the court decree that the surviving part
ners have no right, title or Interest in
several pieces of real estate which appear
on the Inventory as assets of decedent's
estate and that the surviving partners be
compelled to deliver to her "tn kind" vari
ous bonds and other securities now in
their possession.
Auditor Says the City Shall Not Pay
for Those in Police Officers'
Residences.
Auditor "vTells made the statement yes
terday that he will take steps to reduce
the number of telephones used In the va
rious branches of the city government. In
order to bring: the expenditures for the
purpose within the appropriation. The
Supervisors have only appropriated JTOOO
per year. for city telephones, and though
$12,500 was expended for them during the
previous fiscal year none have been taken
out as yet. A special committee appoint
ed by th-_> Board of Supervisors to inves
tigate the matter has made no report.
Demands for telephones in July were
presented to the Auditor for amounts
largely in excess of the one-twelfth por
tion of the total appropriation. They were
promptly returned to Superintendent
Glass of the Pacific Telephone Company
with the injunction to reduce them so
they would apsrregate but $(**).
In order to bring this month's bill with
in the monthly appropriation. Auditor
Wells will charge the telephones used by
the School Department to the school fund.
He will then direct hi? attention to the
telephones installed in the homes of the
otlirers in the Police Department. A num
ber of these are in tise>, and the Auditor
thinks they can be dispensed with. At
any rate. Wells will see to it that the tel
ephones for which $7 00 per month is
charged will be largely reduced. *o the
appropriation will not be exceeded.
HE WANTS TO REDUCE
NUMBER OF TELEPHONES
When the case of Mrs. Olive Breneman.
alias Mrs! Gardner, charged with entor
tlon on complaint of John Richardson,
contractor, was called In Judge Cabanls!-'
court vesterdny the attorney for Richard
son said he did not believe a conviction
could be secured on ;he evidence and
No Prosscution of Mrs. Breneman.
In the Divorce Court.
Etta M. Norman was granted a divorce
from William H. Norman yesterday on
the ground of failure to provide. Decrees
of divorce have also been granted Georgf
Schmidt from Margaret Schmidt on sta
tutory grounds, and Auiurtsi ilollutli
from Konrad Mollnth for extreme cruelty.
The Molluths were married in 1ST* and
have seven children. Mary Wyatt has
tiled answer and crosa-complalnt to the
divorce suit recently instituted by her
husband. John P. Wyatt. a car conductor,
who resides at TOT^i Devisadero street.
Mrs. Wyatt denies her husband's charge
that she deserted him and in return
charges him with extreme crueltv. Suit*
for divorce on the ground of desertion
have been filed bv Andrew Slvertsen
against Matilda Sivertsen. and Je Jeremy
against Theodora Jeremy. ;
CAMPAIGN OF LIFE
IS ENDED FOR HIM
Colonel Duboce Passes Away.
Supervisors Adopt Resolutions.
Funeral Is Arranged.
j?=Z OLONEL VICTOR D. DfBOCB ex- I
plred yesterday morning In his
home at G37 Baker street. In the
presence of his wife and a few ln
t'mate friends. His parsing away -was not
unexpected. His health had failed ccn
tlnuaUy after his return from campaign
ing in the Philippines. He was not well
when he sailed with the First California
Volunteers for Manila. To acquaintances
h<» said on the eve of his departure that
he would never return. He alluded to a
malady which had already necessitated
a surgical operation. Nevertheless he
lived to lead the volunteer California sol
dierp through the terrible swamps and
jur.plos of Luzon and to win the shoulder
straps of a colonel as a reward of valor
and distinguished service.
Tbe funeral services will take place at
Mechanics' Pavilion Sunday forenoon at
11 o'clock and will b*> conducted by Call- 1
foniia Lodge No. 4, F. and A. M.. Henry \
P. I'mbsen. W. M.. according to the Ma- j
eonic ritual. The body w511 lie In state I
at the armory of the First Infantry, N. j
G. ('., and will he in charge of the regl- j
m<TJt until Sunday. Th^n it will be ea- J
coated by a ions: iine of soldiers and mem- j
berfc ol The Masonic orders to the Pavll- j
Ion. The escort will be commanded by i
CokmeJ a. K. Whitton of the Fifth In
faatry, N". G. C, and the line will b« made j
i;p as follows:
Platoon of 2'Oiice. .Fifth Infantry. N. (J.
C; <'aliforriia Commander}- Xo. 1. K. T.: |
Oakland Coamtnderjr JCo. 11, K. T. ; Gol- !
den Gate Commandery No. 16, K. T.; Cal
ifornia Lodge No. l. F. and A. M.; caisson
tearing casket: family and relatives;
Fltwt Ir.fantry. X. G. C, commanded by
Lieutenant Colnr.el Thomas F. O'Neil; ex
memben of the First California Volun
teers: Board of Supervisors and city and
Stat«> officials; civic societies; public :r»
carriages. These arrangements were made
yesterday by the following committee: |
Henry P. I'mnwn. W. M.. of California
L«ds?e N'o.*l, F. and A. II. : Colonel A. Kl
Written. Colonel Thomas F. O'Neil, Col
onel D. E. Miles and Major S. Schmidt of
General Dickinson"? staff; Colonel John
K. Hurgin. representing Brigadier Gen
era! \Yarfi>ld and FtafI of the Second
Brigade, N. G. C: Colonel \V. D. San
born, ropresenting tho Governor and staff;
Colonel William Edwards. C. L. Field
Oeorpe D. Clark and Colonel Charles If.
Murphy, repre^ntir.s: Golden Gate Com
mandery No. ]•>. K. T. ;
Tho orator who will deliver the funeral '
addr»s=s has not been sel*"Med. After the '
eervioea the procession will, move In the I
j=am»- order to the Presidio. The body will I
be interred In the National Cemetery with
military and Masonic honor?.
All Calif ornlans will rr-call the proud re
entry cf the First K»glm»nt of Volunteers
of this Stat* into San Francisco. Sweet
was th? music to the Fur.browned veter
ans when the voices Of thousands and
tens of thousands sounded th<> acclaim ¦
due heroes. Lank but spirited, the Berried j
ranks of soldiers marched up Market !
ttr*-< t and Van Ness avenue and out to
the Presidio. At their head, commanding '
th«ni. rr>de a man who knew that, he was
coomed. that his arduous campaigning in
the Philippines had sorely brought him
close to the western margin of life. He
was in pain, but he grave no sign. Like 1
a. knight filled with knightly spirit Col
crtel Dubocf, the doomed man. led the '
edvance, while men, women and children, i
mad with patriotic fervor and the Joy of !
welcoming home the California ns, waved j
countless flags frantically In the breeze.
Th*>y shouted themselves hoarse, em- |
braced their soldier boys while they
rT.archM and admired the gaunt, erect
commander who rode at the fore. Mem
ory will choose to always picture . him i
tfcus.
Colonel Duboce was a native of Spring
f.eld. 111. He came to this State about
twwrty-ftve years afro. He was a soldlei
from his young manhood. He enlisted as
I a private in Company A, Second Infan
try, N, G. C. October 8. 1S78. In the fol
lowing May he was corporal; sergeant the
next year; captain and aid de camp of the
Second Brigade, X. G. C. April 22. 1SSS;
major and quartermaster of the Second
Brigade February 7, 1590. Successively he
was paymaster and inspector with rank
of major of the fame brigade. On May 24.
1«93. he was retired at his own request.
The noxt month he was again made ma
jor and Inspector of the Second Brigade.
January 31, 1S96. he was elected lieuten
ant colonel of the First Infantry, X. G.
C. The talent for organizing was his.
Experience and close and intelligent at
tention to details gave him prominence as
a useful soldier.
Whon the war with Spain broke out and
the First California Volunteers were go-
Ing to Luzon, friends tried to dissuade
Colonel Dnbr»ce from taking active part
in the campaign. "How could 1 respect
myself If I failed to pro?" hp asked of one.
**I know that I have some service in me.
I True, there is no insurnnce company that
I would take me as a risk— certainly I will
I not live to return— but I am going.-"
The remainder of Duboce's military ca
rwr is history. AVhen Colonel James F.
Smith was promoted to be a brigadier
pencral Duhore succeeded to the com
mand of the First California Volunteers.
When the regiment was reorerariizc-fl May
10, 1LO0. after its return from the Philip
pines, he was elected colonel.
Colonel Duboce's official discharge enu
merates the engagements in -which he
took p:\rt in thf Philippines. Tie was in
the Ntalate trenches from July 31 to Au
gust 1. 1898; took part In the a.^ault on
and capture of Manila August 13, 1S98;
was defending Manila ac-alnst the Fili
pinos until February 5. 1*K<: campaigned
against the Filipino insurrectionists from
February 5 to March 22, 1«99; went to Ne
gros Island Mar<:h 23 and remained there
until July 4, 1S99. These services are so
fresh in memorv. that the details need not
be repeated. Colonel Duboce commanded
at the taking of Manila a battalion that
wen distinction.
After the California volunteers returned
from the Philippines Colonel Duboce was'
mentioned In connection with political pre
ferment. He was elected a member of the
Board of Supervisors last November and
has since served in that body. He has
held no other public office.
Colonel Duboce was prominently Identi
fied with the Masonic fraternity. Ho was
a member cf California Lodge Nofl. F.
and A. M.. of Golden Gate Commandery.
K. T.. and of Islam Temple. Ancient Ara
bic Order of Shrlners, and also of the Na
tional Union. He was recorder of Islam
Temple for pome years.
Prior to eroing to Manila Colonel Duboce
was the city real estate agent of Easton.
Eldrldge & Co. He was formerly, for a
period of "years, connected with the whal
ing firm of Wright & Rowen. He also, at
one time, hnd charge of a station of the
United States Postal Service in this city
and was at various times in the employ
of different business concerns. Colonel
Duboce was in his forty-fourth year when
he died, having been born September 6,
IKS.
The Board of Supervisors m*t in special
seFsion yesterday afternoon to pass reso
! lutlons on the death of Its late member.
Colonel Duboce. The chair and desk of
the dead Supervisor had been draped in
black, Furmounted with the American
i fiag and a sheaf of wheat, and bore silent
company to the place occupied by the
late Supervisor Helms.
In the absence of Acting Mayor Tobin.
Supervisor P.ran<3ensteln took the chair
and announced that the board had met
out of respect to the memory of Colonel
! Duboce. Supervisor Sanderson paid:
"Colonel Duboce ne^ds no eulogy from
me. His patriotism and valor need no
i mention. His name will go down in his
tory as that of one of the first to answer
the rail of the President for volunteers;
one of the first to be mustered into the
Fervloe during the late war. and one of
th<* first to land on the soil where the
ptruggle was carried on."
Sanderson then presented the following
resolutions, which were adopted:
"Wr^reas. Our lato friend and assocIatA. Col
onel Victor D. Ruboce. has b»en summonud
from the aotlvlti^n of life and the n>ld of civic
and patriotic duty, tho Immediate result of his
loyalty and *»rvio« to his (lap and to his coun
h'«>!«oH-<"J. That hy the death of Col on rl Du
bore thif bnar'l has bwn deprived of an Intelli
gent and public *r>irited member, one who had
at heart the welfare of hi* country, his State
and the city of San Franr!seo.
Resolved. That In the opinion of this board,
tho exanvje of our late esteemed fellow-mem
ber In rejpondlnc in common with hl« fellows
of th«» First California Volunteers to the na
tlnn'B call for defenders In the, late war with
Spain, at jrreat personal sacrifice, demands our
hiehent respect and admiration— we can have
no fear of the safety and perpetuity of our
Institution^ when California and Its Bister
States breeds men of s-jch heroic mold.
Ref>oK*-rt. That ire extend to the widow of our
lute member our respectful sympathy, -and that
th«co resolutions be entered upon the Journal.
ar1 a copy of th*. same sent to Mr*. Duboco.
Chairman Brandensteln appointed Su
pervisors Sanderson, Boxton and Booth
a committee to present the resolutions to
Colonel Duboce's widow, and also to make
arrangements for the attendance of the
Supervisors at the funeral -of their dead
colleague. The board then adjourned out
of respect to the memory of Colonel
Duboce.
Later tn the day the board selected Su
pervisors Tobin and Boxton to act as
pallbearers. Sanderson will represent the
Veteran Guard r.s pallbearer.
Men of Note Bear the Coffin of James
Edward Keeler to the
Grave.
The funeral of Professor James Edward
Keeler. astronomer and director of the
Lick Observatory who died on Sunday
evening from a stroke of apoplexy, took
place yesterday afternoon from Grace
Church, California and Stockton streets.
The funeral services, impressive in their
simplicity, were conducted by- the Rev.
Andrew C. Wilson, assistant rector of St.
Paul's Episcopal Church. The casket was
completely hidden by masses of beautiful
and costly flowers— some from the Lick
astronomers and many the gifts of fam
ous scientists, former colleagues of the
dead man.
The place that Professor Keeler held In
life is shown by the names of the pall
bearers. They were President Benjamin
Ide Wheeler of the University of Califor
nia: Astronomers \V. W. Campbell and C.
D. .Perrine of the Lick Observatory: Pro
fessor Edward B. Clapp. Professor Frank
Sou'e. Regents W. H. L. Barnes. Arthur
Rodpers, Charles W. Slack and George C.
Pardee. The Interment was in Laurel Hill
Cemetery.
WAS LAID TO HIS REST
WITH SIMPLE SERVICES
REPAIR OF SAN BRUNO
ROAD DECIDED UPON
Board of "Works "Will Begin It at
Once — Also Will Improve Mis
sion Road. ¦ /'¦
Commissioner Magruife of the Board of
Public Works and City Engineer GrunsXy
Inspected the Snn Bruno road yesterday
and decided that that thoroughfare is in
urgent need of repair from Fifteenth ave
nue to the Six-Mile house. Magulre will
recommend that the fund of $10,000 eet
aside for trie repair of county roads be
drawn on to do the necessary work at
once.
Part of the money r.ill be used to put
the Mission mad into good condition. The
Market-street Railway Company will be
requested to Brant the use of some of its
electric cars to carry the macadam to the
scene of operations. ,
asked for a dismissal. The Judge infor
mally heard the testimony and concluded
it was a question of veracity between the
complaining witness and defendant. Mrs.
Breneman. and an unknown man were ac
cused of extorting from Richardson at
the pistol's point a promssory note for
$1000 and the woman said he slsned It
voluntarily and no man with a gun was
present. The Judge will give his de
cision to-day. ¦
premises No. 101 Ellis street. In the said city
and county of San Francisco, and that you or
der tho removal and at once remove from the
occupation of raid premises the police officers
you stationed and ylaced there.
ZICK ABRAMS, 101 Ellis street.
"I will take no notice of the demand,"
said the chief, "and will keep the men
there till Abrams promises not to sell
pools; then I will take them away and
keep them away as long as I find he is
keeping his promise. The courts have de
clared that poolselling is an unlawful
business and t am determined to stop it."
The casos of D. J. Crpwley. Joe Mohan
and George Duncan were called in Judge
Cabanlps' court yesterday and continued
till Saturday to be set.
THE NEW TUG L. LUCKENBACK, NOW ON. HER WAY HERE.
NEWS FROM THE
OCEAN THE
WATER FRONT
Missed the Steamer and Lsft
His Wealth in the Social
Hall.
San Francisco by Rail to
Recover His Money.
J. C. Farnsworth, a "Would-Be Inves # -
tor in Seattle Realty, Comes to
There was an exciting time on the
steamer Walla Walla yesterday when
that vessel arrived from Puget Sound. As
soon ils she passed Black Point she was
stopped by the police and Detective Crock
ett went aboard. A few minutes' conver
sation with Captain Hall and Purser Nut
man straightened things out and the
Walla Walla docked as soon as passed by
the quarantine authorities.
¦ The cause of the detention of the steam
er Is soon told. J. C. Farnsworth, a resi
dent o£ Los Angeles, thought there was a
good opening for an enterprising man in
Washington. He sold out his business and
turned the proceeds Into greenbacks.
With S2500 In his purse Farnsworth pro
ceeded to Seattle and from that point
visited Tacoma and Port ¦ Townsend In
search of an opening. Falling to find one
he returned to Seattle and engaged pass
age on the Walla Walla. HU valise con
taining $2250 In paper money he left in the
social hall and then went up town. When
he got back to the wharf the steamer was,
gone. Farnsworth at once took passage
for San Francisco on the overland and on
arriving here reported to the police.
When, In company with Detective
Crockett, he boarded the steamer yester
day his Joy was great to lind that his
valise was untoucned and his greenbacks
intact. .
Shooting Scrape at Feiries.
William Kuddlck, a driver for Morton's
Special Delivery, is locked up In the Har
bor police station on a charge of assault
to murder. He and \V\ Ferguson, a driver
for the Union Transfer Company, had a
quarrel over a woman and came to blows.
Both men were under the influence of
liquor. Ruddick pulled a gun, and as Fer
guson disappeared among the crowd fired.
Luckily no one was hurt and the desper
ate man was overpowered before he could
pull the trigger again. He was placed
under arrest by Policerftan W. Ferguson
(no relation) and booked at the Harbor
station.
Stabbed by His Comrade.
P. N. Hall was treated at the Harbor
Hospital yesterday morning by Dr. Alex
ander for two stab wounds in the left
arm. He and Fred Smith had been drink
ing together at 901 Battery street and
quarreled. Tn a moment of passion Smith
pulled a clasp knife and struck Hall twice.
As soon as the would-be murderer saw the
blood begin to flow he got scared and
when the ambulance arrived was on his
knees offering Hall his knife to stab him
—Smith— so as to even up matters. Hall
refuses to prosecute. Smith has not been
arrested.
A New Steamship Company.
The M. S. 'Dollar Steamship Company
has been incorporated, to handle the new
steamer M. S. Dollar, now building In the
Kast by the New York Shipbuilding Com
pany. Robert Dollar will be president,
Robert J. Tyson vice president and Stan
ley Dollar secretary. The new boat Is be
ing built of steel, will have a capacity of
0000 tons burden and will steam twelve
knots. She Is being built for tho coasting
trade.
Trouble on the Aztec.
The transport Aztec dropped out into
the stream last night and will sail for the
Orient to-day. "While the horsfs were be
ing put aboard there was a fracas and in
consequence Homer Dubols Is confined -in
the Harbor police station on a charge of
assault with a deadly weapon.
Dubois Is a cowboy from Arizona and
was engaged to handle the Government's
horses In China. lie objected to some in
structions given him by Lieutenant
Charles Hendrlkln and made a fuss.
When reprimanded he attempted to draw
a gun and was promptly placed under ar
rest. • ¦
The Siam with 5500 tons of cargo aboard
also dropped out In the stream last night.
She goes from here to Manila via Hono
lulu and Guam. The work of loading her
began Saturday, night and by Tuesday
evening she was ready for sea.
Australia Broke the Record.
The Australia, of the Oceanic Steam
ship Company, arrived yesterday from
Honolulu and broke nil records in the
way of having correct papers to present
to the customs authorities. Since the laws
of the United States were applied to the
Hawaiian Islands shipmasters have been
at sea in a double sense, and they become
tangled up in a Custom-house mess on
their arrival. The Australia is the first
vessel that has produced a clean sheet in
the way of papers. -..',,;•':
New Tug L. Luckenback.
The new boa*, for the Spreckels - Tow
boat Company is now ¦¦well on her way
to San Francisco. She left New York last
week and should reach here early ., In
October. The Lewis Luckenback is 122
feet long. 22 feet beam .and 14 feet deep,
with a speed of fourteen knots. Captain
McCoy is bringing the vessel here and
will come via tne straits of Magellan.
So many patients are arriving at the
general hospital -at the Presidio that it
has been determined to increase the num
ber of beds by erecting in the rear of the
present quarters fifty hospital tents. The
tents will be boarded on the sides and
heated and ventilated; making them al
most as comfortable as any ward in the
building. The tenta will be arranged in
wards, four tents to each. The patients
to be sent to the tents will be those whose
convalescence is so far advanced that a
matter of but a few days will elapse when
they will be restored to duty.
Private John Kastncr of Company E,
Ninth Infantry, broke his arm yesterday
In a peculiar manner. While playing ball
with some of his comrades his arm fell
limply to his side. On being brought to
the hospital it was found that the bone
of his right arm had snapped, just above
the elbow.
Private Stewart Donald of Company K,
Twenty-sixth Infantry, died yesterday at
the general hospital.
The Ninth Cavalry will leave the Pre
sldio early this morning and proceed to
thd Folsom-street deck, where a will em
bark on the transport Warren.
A pack train and the . horses of the
Third Cavalry were placed on board the
Aztec yesterday. A detachment of forty
one recruits for regiments in China will
go out on the Warren in command of Cap
tain SI. L. Hersey and Second Lieutenants
H. E. Mitchell. E. E. Allen und P. K.
Brice. These omcers will also take charge
of 100 recruits assigned to the Ninth In
fantry.
Major F. J. Ives, surgeon, U. S. V.. will
go out on the \Varren In command of a
detachment of hospital corps men, con
sisting of three stewards and 100 privates.
Acting Assistant Surgeons L. F. Blease
by, G. E. Henson, L. W. Pease, H. Pedal
cord, E. C. Schultze, F. M. Wells. J. F.
Edwards, J. E. Kemp. D. W. Overton and
H. H. Bailey, have reported at headquar
ters and have been assigned to temporary
duty at the general .hospital. Presidio,
awaiting transportation abroad.
The Third Battalion of the Eighth In
fantry, consisting of 491 men, 3 hospital
corps men, 1 acting assistant surgeon and
6 officers, under command of Major W, L..
Pitcher, left St. Paul Tuesday morning
and is expected to arrive in San Francisco
about noon of the 19th inst.
MAY BE -'UP FOR BIG BUN."
phrey Arrives and Talks of
China Situation.
Deputy Quartermaster Gerreral Hum-
Lieutenant Colonel Deputy Quarter
master General C. F. Humphrey arrived
from Havana, Cuba, via Washington, T>.
C. yesterday, en route for China, for
which country he may sail to-day on the
"Warren. He thinks, however, that he
will probably await the departure of the
Sherman, owing to the crowded condition
of the former vessel; On his arrival at
the theater of war he will hasten to Join
General Chaffee wherever that officer may
be. This Is not General IIumphrey's t first
visit to the coast. From 1S72 until 1<vSS he
was chief quartermaster under Generals
McDowell, Schorteld and Howard at the
Presidio.
Questioned as to his mission last night
General Humphrey said:
"I do not know yet how I shall .proceed,
but my first duty will be to join my old
friend, General Chaffee, and receive my
orders from him. At Taku I shall meet
Captain Joseph C. Hyron. deputy quar
termaster, who up to the present time has
been managing that branch of the service
In China, I am afraid that this trouble
Is 'up for a run;' at least it appears so
from what we hear, but my experience
has taught me not to believe any reports
until I have actually seen for myself, so
1 don't like to express an opinion.
"I suppose supplies will have to be con
veyed up the river In boats, as the roads,
euch as they are, must at this time of the
year be impassable."
Ninth Cavalry Will Embark on the
Transport Warren for China
To-Day— Recruits Also
< Going.
General Hospital at Presidio
Will Soon- Be Over
crowded.
TO ERECT TENTS
FOR HOUSING
SICK SOLDIERS
THE SAN FISAJS [CISCO GALL, THUUSDAYy AUGUST \% 1000.
Days.
7
I*ATE COLONEL OF THE GALI#AUT FTRST REGIMENT.
It is a wonderful soap
that takes hold quick and
does no harm.
N'o harm I It leaves the
skin soft like a baby's; no
alkali m it, nothing but
soap The harm is done by
alkali. Still more harm is
done by not washing: So,
bad soap is better '. than
none. t
What is bad soap? Im-
perfectly made; the fat
and alkali not wellfbal-
j\ anced or not combined.
*.i. What is good soap?
Pears'. . %
ADVERTISEMENTS.
DICKEY'S
CREME DE US
Pure Harmless
What a Luxury
it is!|
i
Th»» object of a pure cosmetic Is to
supply the pkln n-lth the necessary
nutrition, remove bl»m!shes and oily
cxmlatlons. It la In fulfilling these re-
qulr»ment3 that Creme d» L!s excels
all other cosmetics. You can tell at
once, by the -«nft delicate feelinr it
Imparts to the and the clear nat-
ural transparency r-sultlnr from its
u?e, that It la the purest «nd best cos-
metic known.
It* continued use mill Vcreate" and
preserve the complexion of youth.
Sold by nil dru|TBl.«ts and Kenfral deal-
er?. If you cannot obtain It Mnd 119
5l)C,f3r larre bottle or 10c for trial
¦lie.
E. D. HARRINGTON: & CO.,
Manufacturing Chemists.
Los Anselei, Cal.
1 ' *
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Prlco List3 Mall? \
on Application.
ATTORNEY.
F. H. MRHjyiACH. lawyer. 503 Cal.. Clunle B*
COAL, CORK AhD PI'J IW\
[f fill V,«V & Cil 90 ° Battery Stret.
.'- C- n lL^Uil tt CW-. Telecboce Mala 1S64.
C<iPPFR v MlTH.
r W Bh| P Plumblnc. Steamboat and
W- IT • O.'lllli. ghtp Work a specialty. II and
l« Washington st. Telephon* Main 6641.
ELECTRICAL.
D. D. WASS.
• Electrical gneineyr. 3« Cast 3t.
FRESH AND SALT MFATS.
JA3- DU1C3 a WU» day. Tel. Mala 1294.
OALVA.MZIN3 AND METALS.
Mr*tr. A Dealer In Metals & Galranlzln;. JOHN
FIXX METAL WORKS. Hi Howard «L
HAR-ESS DRESSINO.
"PALO ALTO." Best leather preserver on
earth. 25c. Robinson Ch»m. Co.. 1K9 Howard.
LITHOORAPHINO.
Union L.lthoarrapn Co.. 323 Fansom. St.. Artlatla
Lithographers and Printers. Oovernm#nt Li-
cense* (or Imprinting of Revenue Starr?*.
METAL.
Extra llnotyp* and stereotype metal. Paelfla
Metal Works. 337-8 First St.. San Franclico.
OILS.
LUBR1CATINO OILS, LEONARD A EI#-
L1S. 418 Front at.. S. F. Phone Main 17U.
, PAINTS.
Cylinder & Lufcrlcatlne Oils, Schneider's Mining
Candleg. C. Q. CLINCH & CO.. 9 Front. 3. F.
PRt.xmi
r r HFIfiHF\ printer.
I » t- I>U(inC3« m Bansome »t.. 3. r.
PRINTERS. BOOKBINDERS.
THE H1CKS-JUDD CO..
tl First st. San Francisco.
STATIONER AND PRINTED.
PAmiDfiE .."gry^
WUJTH ASn STEAM COAU ?lg?gUS
DIAMOND COAL MINING CO.. at Its OREEV
RIVER 'COLLIERIES, is the Best Coal In ths
market. Office aad Yards— 450 Mala street.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SIGK'HEABACHg
JPoestively cored fjy tfesso
; Little Pills.
They also r»Geve Distress from ©T*pep"**»
Indigestion and Too Hearty Eating. A pep.
fcet remtdy fcr Dizziness, Nausea. Drowsi.
ness. Bad Taste to the Mouth, Coatea Tcrsju*
Pain In the Side, TORPID UVER. They
Regulate the Bowels. Purely Vegetable.
i S»naii PU!« Small Dose»
Smell Pglcew
AMUSEMENTS.
MATIXEE TO-DAY and Sunday Nlsht.
BURTOii HOLMES LECTURES.
Subject— "MOKI LAND" (Snake Dancf»).
EIGHTH WEEK— Charles Frohman presents
HENRY MILLER
And a SPECIAL COMPANY.
TO-N'IGHT. Friday ami Saturday Nights and
Saturday Matinee — Only Time*.
"The Adventure_ofjh8 Lady Ursula"
BECtHNINC I First Time Here— THE
M^SIr. IONLY WAY!
SEATS NOW READY.
xnTE-cmxn to the immense de-
t MAND FOR "THE ONLY TVAY." AND IM
j JUSTICE TO THOSE WHO PTAN'D IN L.INB
i AT THE BOX OFFICE, THERE WlhU BS
I XO RESERVATIONS MADE BY TELE-
I PHONE OK MAIL.
FD&~
j Walter Moroaco Sole Lessee and Manager
'¦ THE GREATEST PERFORMANCE OP
EVER WITNESSED HERE.
WILTON LACK A YE as 8VEXGALS.
IGNAC1O MARTINKTTt aa ZOf.zntT.
MARY VAN EUREX as THILBY.
Next week an entirely new version cf
PRICES — l(Vc. «5c. £»c, 50c.
A Few Front Row* In Orchestra. 75c
Branch Ticket Office Emporium.
j A NOVELTY BILL cf UNUSUAL EXCELLENCE
! FOUR JUGGLING JOHNSONS.
| SAM MORBIS AND CO.
MES. BESSIE BLITZ PAXTON.
MACART'S DOGS AND MONKEYS.
Bennett «r.il Ffmbler: M»fk^r Bak»r Trio:
i Hookfr ani Davl<»; jolly John Nash.
American Hinsrraph.
Rrservpil ««eat*. I^c: balcony. l(>c: op«>ra eJiair»
I anrl hox ?»at«. 'Oc.
l!atln»es WVtlnesday. 5aturr!.iy anfl Sunrliy.
I REMEMBER, THERE IS A B!G~MAT!HEE
i TO-DA Y
£t At 2:1.1. AncthT en Gtitur-
v^-- <3ay and Also one on
W^v * Sunday.
Pa!n-.er CojiMi l>l!*htful
•J^§L^^S "THE BROWNIES
\Ht IN fairyland "
\\ \M? B y the Bis rast o? 200
A*) \r Pmfpssior.a! Chi!<!rpn.
' S\^ Next Sunday Nigh".
*^*©s5?3s\ T^e World" s Greatest
s * a "^ Hypnotist
| ; .
l! Cl'RTAU? RISES AT S P. M. SHARP.
j TO-KIOHT. Sunday Night, fatur^ay Matinw.
"RIGOLETTO."
Russo. Ferrari. Nlccllnl. PoUt'.ni and Repetto.
FrWay. Sntur<1ay Nights,
"OTHELLO."
Av»<!ano. Salassa. Graham and Llehter.
Next Week-TANNHAUSEfl and MI6NQN.
Seats en Sal* Seven D^y3 Ahead.
POPULAR PRICES- K AND SO CENTS.
Telephone — Bush 9.
MATINEE TO-DAY-SPECIAL BILU
BENEFIT LAUHA CRhWS.
FLORENCE ROBERTS
Supported by WHITE WHITTLE3EY.
In Charlott* Thompson's New Play,
A Suit of Sable.
- — NEXT V.'EEK— "SAPHO."
CHUTES_and ZOO
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
CANNON, THE FAT MAN.
SEABU3Y. in Bis Sensational High Civs
special"to-night!
THE AMATEURS AND A LADIES' WOOD-
SAWIH6C0HTEST.
SATURDAY NIGHT,^APH3 aad CAKEWALK
Order S«at» by Phone— Park 23.
PICfHPR'5 CONCERT HOUSE.
riOtnCn >J Admission 1O3.
Ethel La Croix. Soprano: Iren« rranklln, Cor-
netlst: Lfttle Haiel Svxfon; r.crlin Sisters. Vo-
catlsts; Eudora For<le. Contralto, »nd Conloa
and Ryder, Comeillan^.
Rrserred Seats. 23c; Matinee. Sonday.
"^SUTRO BATHS.
OPEN NIGHTS. Open Emly from 7 'a. m.
to 11 p. m. Ba'hln* irom 7 ». m. to 10 p. m.
ADMISSION. 10c. CHILDREN. 5c. BATH-
ING, including admission, Zic; children, 20c.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
LIKE MANY OTHERS
Clara Kopp Wrote for Mrs. Plnkhnm'g Ad*
vice and Tells what it did for Her.
" Dean Mrs. Pixkham :— I hare seen
so many letters from ladies who were
cured by Lydia E. Pinkham's remedies
that I thought I would ask your advice
— -- in regard to mj' condition.
I have been doctoring' for
f-^jc^v^^gv 'our years and hare
0^^..^^*% taken different pat-
ent medicines, but
4«dgav Ms jjjIjSN received ver3' little
J?! benefit. I am
481'^ HH troubie<i with back -
J|j r ache, in fact my
fir SNwff wliolc body aches.
teg f$&J stomach feels sore,
» Up* by spells get short
j -i '¦+?**'¦ b j of breath and am
1 1 W very nervous. Men-
1*1/ I* struat * on 1S very ir-
/¦\1|' ¦ li regular with severe
1%^/Sj I \ bearing down pains,
V^^V^ \Y cramps and back-
y-y, -^ ache. I hope to hear
v^J~*^)*^y from . you at once."—
..'~~~ Claea. Kopp, Bockport,
Ind., Sept. 27, 1898.
"I think it is my ¦ duty to write a
letter to you in regard to what Lydia
E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound did
forme. I wrote you some time ago.
describing iny symptoms and asking
your advics, which you very kindly
gave. I am now healthy and cannot
begin to praise your remedy, enough.
I would say to all suffering women,
4 Take Mrs. Pinkham's advice, for a wo-
man best understands a woman's suf-
ferings, and Mrs. Pinkham, from her
vast experience in treating female ills,
can give you advice that you can get
from ho other source.' "—Clara Korr
Rockport, Ind., April 13, 1S99.Clube— "W. L. Pet. I Boston 45 47 .4S9
Brooklyn ...&5 S3 .625 ! St. Louis 42 45 .477
Pittsburff ...51 41 .'mV Cincinnati ...40 61 .440
Philadelphia.47 « .C22 New York. ..35 12 .402
Chicago 46 46 .600
CINCINNATI, Aug. 15— Cincinnati outbatted
Brooklyn In both games to-day, but lost one
and tied one. Errors lost the first game. The
eecond war called at the end of the sixth.
Attendance 2200. Score — First game:.
Clubs— R. H. E.
Cincinnati 2 10 4
Brooklyn 3 7 1
Hatterles— Scott and Kahoe; Weyhlng and
Farrell.
Score— Sepond ram*:
Clubs- R. II. E.
Cincinnati 4 9 0
Brooklyn 4 6 0
Batteries — Newton and Peltz: Kennedy and
McGulre. Umiilrea— Latham and McGlnnlty.
ST. LOUIS. Aug. 15.-St. Louts hit Bernhard
hard when runs were needed. It was his last
appearance In the League. Attendance 2300.
Score :
Clubs— R. H. E.
St. Louis 8 13 3
Philadelphia 6 8 2
Batteries— Hughey and Robinson; Bernhard
and Murphy. Umpire — Terry.
PITTSBURG, Aug. 15.-PUtsbure made hits
¦when they were needed and New Tork's two
error? cost a run each. Attendance 1S00. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Pittsburg 6 s> . 1
New York 2 6 2
Batteries— Tannehill and Schrlver; Carrlck
and Bowerrnan. Umpire — Swartwood.
CHICAGO, Aug. 15.— The Boston-Chicago
jjame postponed on account of wet grounds.
CORRECT STANDING OF THE CLUBS.
ond With Cincinnati
Wins One Game and Ties on the Sec-
BROOKLYN OUTBATTED.
at all. H. Silver and Kid Jeffries had a
¦wild two rounds, Silver measuring his
length upon the floor for more than
ten seconds before the second round waa
completed.
The last eo ¦was between Tom Sears and
Joe Long. This ended In a draw.
One of the. finest cards ever presented
to followers of coursing was drawn at
Pythian Castle last night and will be run
off at Union Coursing Park on Saturday
and Sunday. It will be an open stake of
12S entries, and $1415 be offered in
prizes. The winner will' take $175; runner
up, $100; next two, $50 each; next four,
J40 each; next eight, J30 each; next six
teen, $20 each, and next thirty-two, $10
each. Following Is the result of the
drawing:
Open stake, 12S entries— Captain Kane's Wan
dering Tom vs. E. M. KellogR's Iowa Boy:
R. E. de B. Lopez & Son's Papita vs. George
Sharman's Bowery Boy: James Sheridan's For
rest Queen vs. E. M. Kellogff's Sweet Emma;
A. L. Austin's Los Angeles vs. George Nether
cotte's Floodgate; Pasha Kennels' Rapid Edi
tion vs. T. Tierney's (names) Tea Rose; Curtis
& Son's Candalarla vs. J. H. Perlgo's Con
troller; Curtis & Son's Old Glory vs. F. A.
McComb's Patriot; Irwln & Lyons' Silver Lyon
vs. Lowe & Thompson's Scotch Reel; Lowe &
Thompson's Prince Hal vs. Curtis & Son's War
Eagle; J. Button's Mayflower vs. L. F. Bartels'
High-Class *Dogs Will Course for
Heavy Purses^ — L-ist of
s Entries. \
BIG STAKE TO BE RUN
OFF AT UNION PARK
F. Jones' Lavinian was In form yester
day for the midweek stake run down at
the Union Coursing Park. Step by step
she worked her way' to the deciding
course, winning all matches handily. In
the deciding course Lavinian agraln dem
onstrated her ability and took the stake
from Dairy Maid w^h a score of 11 to 5.
The stake waa noteworthy on account
of the numerous entries of Futurity can
didates. In many cases after "no goes"
or hard courses the solicitous owners
withdrew their dogs, fearing to tax their
strength so early in their training. x
The talent in yesterday's stake received
several severe shocks, the first being
when Crawford L^lss, an 8 to 1 favorite
over Lyddite, was beaten. Warrego won
from Roslnante, 1 to 3; Emma M from
Glen Roy, 1 to 2; Tony Bowers irom Cor
onado, 1 to 2; Toney Gold from Doris, 1
to 3; Royal Alameda from Tony Bowers,
1 to 2, and Tyrone Prince from Thorn
hill, 1 to 3^. Lavinian was on the short
end in the fourth round and won from
Round About after a hard course. Head
water, favorite of 2^ to 1 over Dairy
Maid, lost, to the great surprise of the
calculators. The scores are: / '
First round— Dr. Clark's Toney Gold beat
Pasha Kennels' Rich Allowance; J. L. Ross 1
Doris beat J. J. "Warren's Winsome Widow; O.
Bharman's Gt. Ives beat F. Schou's Smuggler;
P. C. Hllck's May Lawrence beat R. L. Tay
lor's Sir Van: T. J. Cronin's Depend On Me
beat Curtis & Son's Kibosh; H. Lynch' b Lyd
dite beat W. D. Murphy's Crawford Lass; Cap
tain Clarkson's Golden Garter beat Condray
& Rought's Nightingale: It. E. de B. Lopez &
Bon's Wan-ego beat Curtis & Son's Roslnante;
P. O'Dowd's Cascade beat Pasha Kennels' Rose
Attwood; G. Sharman's Annie Lawrence beat
P. J. Iteilly's Moonbrlght: F. Jones" Lavinian
beat P. Bteinhoff'B Veto; H. Lynch' a Emma M
beat Dr. Clark's Glen Roy: II. Lynch's Llnton
b«-at L. F. Bartels' Biddy Banshee; Paeha Ken
nels' Roundabout beat A. L. Austin's Thorn
dale; M. C. Delano's La Belle beat P. J. Rell
ly's Early Dawn; F. A. McComb's Storm King
beat b'. Jones' W'edgewood : Pasha Kennels'
Royal Alameda beat R. L. Taylor's Brilliant
Beauty; Russell, Allen & "Wilson's Tony Bowers
beat F. Robblns* Coronatio; Curtis & Son's
Charta beat J. Dempsey § s Jingle Bells; G.
Hharman'i St. Valentine beat J. L.. Ross' AVau
taugh; R. E. de B. Lopez & Son's Dairy Maid
beat L. F. Bartels' Bridget Blarney; Russell.
Allen & Wilson's Wedding Bells beat George
Wattson's Fi Fl; T. J. Cronin's Thornhill beat
R. L. Taylor's For Beauty; J. P. Thrift's Ty
rone Prince beat J. Macdougall's Dandaloo; A.
L. Austin's Nora Lawrence beat J. Byrne's
Master Bly; J. L. Ross" Jessica beat R. L.
Taylor's Freedom's Banner; T. J. Cronin's
Daisy Dale beat Sterl & Knowles' Foggy Day;
R. E. de B. Lopez & Son's Warrlgal beat H.
A. Deckelman's Le Roy; Captain Clarkson's
Headwater beat J. M. Halton's Tic Tac; A. L.
Austin's Los Angeles beat Pasha Kennels'
Reaching After; Condrey & Rought's Flying
Daisy l*at It. E. de ( B. Lopez & Son's Wom
bert; Curtis & Son's Psyche brat Condrey &
Rought's Homeward Bound.
Second round— Toney Gold beat Doris; St.
Ives beat May Lawrence; Lyddite beat Depend
On Me: Golden Garter a bye with Moonlight.
AVarreKO withdrawn: Cascade beat Annie Law.
rence: Lavinian beat Emma M: Round About
beat I^enton; Storm King beat La Belle; Royal
Alameda beat Tony Bowers; Charta beat St.
Valentine; Dairy Maid beat Wedding Bells:
Tyrone Prince beat Thornhill: Nora Lawrence
beat Jessica; Daisy Dale, 'Warrigal withdrawn,
after no go: Headwater beat Los Angeles; Fly
ing Daisy beat Psyche.
Thirl round— St. Ives beat Toney Gold; Golden
Garter beat Lyddite: Lavinian beat Cascade;
Round About beat Storm King; Charta beat
Royal Alameda; Dairy Maid beat Tyrone
Prince; Nora Lawrence beat Daisy Dale; Head
water beat Flying Daisy.
Fourth round— St. Ives beat Golden Garter:
La.vinlan beat Round About; Dairy Maid beat
Charta; Headwater beat Nora Lawrence.
Fifth round— Lavinian beat St. Ives; Dairy
Maid beat Headwater.
Deciding course — Lavinian beat Dairy Maid.
Prices on the long-odds book for the
Futurity stake were posted at Union Park
yesterday and the play amounted to sev
eral hundreds of dollars. Most of the
money was put upon the short-enders.
Curtis & Son's King Cotton is the favorite
at present at 10 to 1. George Nethercot's
Floodgate is selling at 15 to 1. Psyche,
Golden Garter, Harlean Gladys, Crawford
Rex. Fred C, Cascade. Talk to Me and
Early Dawn are marked at 30. All of
Russell, Wilson & Allen's candidates are
quoted at 40, save Talk to Me. which is
considered as something of a dark dog.
Some of the Futurity Candidates
Show What Th«y Can Do
When Tried Out in Stake
Races.
Runs in Pine Form Prom
First Round to Decid
ing Course.
LAVINIAN IS
TOO FLEET FOR
RIVAL DOGS
ST. THOMAS. X. D.. Aug. It— A severe hall
ftorra la*i night destroyed 40.000 acres of the
ftnert grain grown in North Dakota this year
even that cut and that In ehock being de
stroyed. Many of the hall «tone« were from
8 to 4 Inches in diameter.
Newport; r. i., Aug. 15.— e. d. Black,
the expert English tennis player, to-day
beat Sumner Hardy In a hard five set
match. The Californian displayed the
best form he has shown during his play
ing in the East. Black played a 'back
court game, rarely coming to the net ex
cept to kill -the ball. His best stroke Is
a hard back-hand cross court shot half
cut half drive, and he Is very accurate
with-it. Hardy ran in to the net on
everything, volleying hard and deep. A
number of foot faults were called on him
and this disconcerted the Californianl
making him serve more, carefully with
less speed. Black won the first set, Hardy
getting two games. Black' had many
chances to play his back-hand and took
advantage. of It. The second set Hardy
took, allowing. Black but three games.
The Californian served and played . as
much .as possible to the Englishman's
forehand. Black won the third set by the
same score, but Hardy again tied the
score, making it two sets all by taking
the fourth set. 6-3. The fifth and deciding
set was won by the Englishman, 6-2,
though Hardy was. within a point of win
ning many of the games.
To-morrow Samuel Hardy plays Lamed,
he having won two matches already by
default. ' ¦ :>¦;•;•
Strong for the Californitm.
Special Dispatch to The Call. '.•":¦ ;.
English Tennis Player Proves Too
HABDY DEFEATED.
The Attorney General In his argument
made the point that while the accused
may not have intended to kill his victim
outright, still his. purpose in plying him
with bad liquor was to hasten his death,
after getting as much of the man's prop
erty as possible. This of itself. It was
argued, comes within the limits of the
statute relating to the crime of man
slaughter. From all that can be learned
this is the first case of the kind - ever
coming before this court or any court of
the United States. The decision will be
waited with interest. -
. The point arises In a peculiar case
argued by Attorney General Ford before
the Supreme Court yesterday, it being the
appeal of Simon Anderson, convicted of
manslaughter. Anderson kept a hotel In
Eureka, Humboldt County, of which
Thomas F. Kehoe was a patron. Kehoe
had money and he was a heavy drinker.
His physician warned him against the use
of intoxicating liquors on account of be
ing afflicted with Brlght's disease. The
testimony in the lower court showed that
Anderson plied his guest with liquor all of
the time In order to reduce him to such a
mental condition that he would transfer
his property. In fact he did Induce Kehoe
to present him with a check for $2000
which the bank refused to cash. Kehoe
died in due time, but not before he re
covered his reason • and repudiated the
check.
AN a man be convicted of man
f slaughter because another man died
\from drinking whisky sold by him?
This novel point is to be decided by
the Supreme Court. The quality of
the whisky was not taken into consider
ation during the testimony In the lower
court, and the matter of rendering a de
cision will thus be easier for the Justices.
Anderson's Whisky
Caused Death of
T. F. Kehoe.
Officer Rice was tried and acquitted, it
being shown that Donnel\y was crazy
from drink and running amuck with his
weapon. Brooks, who is a bartender, was
convicted of manslaughter.
It seems that there was another man
who participated In the shooting. He also
is a bartender, named Ardell,. whose in
terest appeared to be his friendship for
Rice. That he fired a shot or two Is con
ceded, but he skipped out of the rountrv
before he could be arrested. Wht.t kind
of a weapon he used is not known. A
few days ,ago Ardell was arrested in
Plattsburg, Nebr., and Is now on his way
back to Fresno to face tlw charge. Ac
cording to the evidence presented before
the court yesterday It Is surmise. 1 ; that
the whole crowd will escape punishment.
Donnelly was on a spree and got into a
row with May Brooks, who called to Jack
Brook* for protection. Donnelly drove
Brooks away with a revolver. Special
Policeman Rice took a hand in the gun
play . and fired several shots. Brooks
went to his assistance with a pair of re
volvers and Donnelly was fatally wound
ed. A bullet from the officer's weapon
was found in the hip of the dead man,
but none from the weapons used by
Brooks'.
THE Jack Brooks manslaughter case
was argued yesterday before the»Su
preme Court, Deputy Attorney Gen
eral A. A. Moore appearing for the
people. This is one of the most in
teresting homicide cases from the south
ern part of the State that has reached the
higher court for some time, the Interest
lying In the fact that it is known that
three persons took a hand in Bhootlng at
the deceased, Dan Donnelly, and there is
considerable doubt as to whose bullet did
the work. - "-
Three Men Engaged
in Dispatching of
Dan Donnelly.
QUEER POINTS IN TWO CASES
The board voted down a resolution es
tablishing a high school class in the
Washington- Evening School. Superinten
dent Webster spoke in favor of the peti
tion of residents in the vicinity of Wash
ington and Mason streets. He said that
the high school class was necessary anil
moved that it be established. Casserly
was of the opinion that the board had
not sufficient funds to equip another high
school class. Superintendent Webster
stated that -the principal of the commer
cial class in the Washington Evening
bchool had expressed his intention to dis
continue the class unless it were provid
ed with more complete equipment. .
Three teachers who were consolidated
out were elected to positions in the de
partment-Miss Mary Brierton to- a class
In the Whittier Primary School, Miss M.
Lj. Folsom to the Hancock Grammar and
Miss Flora Van den Bergh to the Hearst
School.
.. A resolution was adopted providing that
tne High School principals, with the as
sistance of their faculties, shall conduct
examinations in December, 1900, for ad
mission to their January junior classes,
according to the regulations to be formu
lated at a later date by the board. Those
candidates who have finished the work of
the advanced eighth grade, whether from
public or private instructors, shall be ad
mitted by principals, awarding the usual
diplomas to successful pupils.
Owing to a typographical error In the
rules, omif.ting the word "September" in
the provision for vacation, section 26 was
amended to read: , "There shall be a va
cation of one week during March and
during September." •
_ A room was rented at the corner of
hteiner and Hermann streets for an out-
Bide class of the Hearst Grammar School.
A. H. McDonald, principal oi the Lin
coln Evening School, asked that his sal
ary be restored to $125 per month, it hav
ing been reduced to $100 some months
ago, but the board took no action.
A delegation of German citizens, con
sisting of Dr. Max Magnus, Theodore
Pinther and William Plagemann, peti
tioned the Board of Education yesterday
to reinstate the three physical culture
teachers. Professors Barth, Stahl and
Miehlinp, who were recently dismissed
from their positions. The delegation was
representative of forty-three German
societies and 12,000 German-American citi
zens. The petition, which was read i>y
Superintendent Webster, referred to the
value of gymnastic exercises in the edu
cation of children and it was claimed that
the system "taught by the dismissed in
structors was superior to any other. Dr.
Magnus said that Professors Barth, Stahl
and Mlehling were competent and consci
entious in the discharge of their dutloa
and he made a personal appeal for their
reinstatement. He asked that a commit
tee from the board confer with another
committee from the societies on the sub
ject. Superintendent Webster supple
mented the remarks of Dr. Magnus and
called attention to the fact that he had
protested against the dismissal of the
physical instructors. He said he favored
the appointment of at least ten such In
structors, as he considered physical cul
ture paramount to all other branches of
education.
The petition was taken under advise
ment.
German Citizens Urge Rein
statement of Deposed
Professors.
WANT PHYSICAL
INSTRUCTION IN
PUBLIC SCHOOLS
When George Watson, who took Mike
O'Brien's place, and Jack Downey tried
their skill and strength in combat, there
was a blizzard or two let loose. They
went through two full rounds and a sec
tion of the third before Greggains stopped
Ihe fleht. Downey was in sorry plight,
which meant that Watson was the win
ner.
The blood began to trickle and incarna
dine the mat In the match between Jim
Griffin and Jim Little. Little found Grif
fin's head piece hard and often and in the
two'rounds the last named stayed with
the game there was much artistic sign
painting in red. Griffin was knocked out
completely. Jim Daly and Ed Long went
the limit, Long getting the decision.
Then came Monahan and Curtin. Mona
ban, who was all legs and arms, thought
a great deal of himself at the beginning,
but In the fourth round he forgot to think
The next tight gave A. Attel a chance
tc "rattle the slats" of William Schoen
beim. In the second round the last named
found Attel's punches unstomachable. so
ho quit
i:ike whirlwinds looking for a Job and
finding It Charles Weitzel and William
Martin came together. After hard slug
ging Martin realized that It was more
comfortable out of the ring than in, so
he, too, displayed the smallpox flag and
took to the dressing-room without glory
or a medal.
Joe Hill and Ed Hanlon were the first
to cuff one another. Four rounds of
Terry McGovern imitation were not
enough for the referee, so the two young
sters went at It for another. Hill was
adjudged the winner.
Nine glove affairs ending in various
¦ways made up the entertainment fur
nished last night by the San Francisco
Athletic Club at the clubrooms on Sixth
and Shipley streets. Alex Greggalns pre
sided. Two of the contests were clean
knockouts, several were ended by the
referee and a few went the prescribed
limit. Altogether the fistic show was a
success, the large crowd that packed the
benches pronouncing it thoroughly satis
factory and of sufficiently torrid tempera
ture to hold interest and evoke enthusi
asm.
Nine Bouts at the San Fran
cisco Athletic Club
Draw a Crowd.
AMATEURS BOX
AND BLEED FOR
PRIZE MEDALS
acter that it deserves especial mention.
It has never been equaled on the Pacific
Coast ax.d it establishes a mark that is
likely to t-tan.l for a long time.
After Mr. Jeffries had given the mare
her usual morning exercise he concluded
to give her a half-mile trial heat. Sev
eral drivers wero present and witnessed
the performance. The little mare was
started at the head of the stretch, and
without a skip or a break, finished the
half mile in l:O0Vi. She trotted tho last
quarter in 30 seconds flat.
Dione is a bay mare by Eros, a son of
Electioneer. She was campaigned In the
East for two years under the manage
ment of that veteran driver, Tom Keat
ing. The first season she won a great deal
cf money. Her success "the first season
forced her the last season among horses
that outclassed her. While she did not
win many races she established a record
of 2:09U-
At the close of the second season Mr.
Spreckels put her in charge of his trainer
and driver, Charles D. Jeffries. Her first
race under Mr. Jeffries' management was
at Santa Rosa, where she trotted against
her own record. She made the mile In
2:O;t4, the fastest ever trotted in Cali
fornia. Nobody who witnessed her per
formance to-day doubts that, on the
Woodland track, she can trot a. half at a
two-minute gait, or that she can lower
r#r mile record by two or three 6econds.
Mr. Jeffries is elated with the perform
ance and his manv friends are congratu
lating him upon his success in developing
such marvelous speed in this wonderful
and premising mare. ¦ •
to-day by trotting a half mile
In 1:00%. which is the new
mark for the Pacific Coast.
The performance . demonstrated that
Charles D. Jeffries is a prince of drivers
and Jhat Dione.'A. B. SprecVcels* handsome
little mare, is a likely candidate for world
honors.
Kalf-mlie records of trotters and pacers
are taken officiaJly, but Dione's fea.t to
day was of such an extraordinary char-
WOODLAND, Aug. 15.— Dlone,
the bay trotting mare. Is the
speediest harness racer on the
coast. She demoustrated this
Special Dispatch to Tha Call.
DIONE, THE FAST TROTTING MARE, AND HER DRIVER, CHAS. D. JEFFRIE!
2:12 trot, purse J1.2C0— Temole Wllkes won
third, fourth and fifth heats ia 2:10%, 2:1T14
1:14V*. Doilanl Wilkf? won the firxt andeec
<ind faeatu In 2:10*;. 2:10'i. Big Timber. Little
Dick. Hd Ixjck. Ellert. l^hrase, Elfrtfla, Wiau
ette, T*-mr>er and Merriment also rtarted.
i:V» class, trot purne tLV» (unflniyhed)— Lady
Ceraldine won the pecond heat In 2:1H{: Frank
(Vainer won the firFt hekt In 2:11^. Pierrot.
Maggie Anderson. Winnifred and JJow Reue
also etarted.
Z:<n clase, pace, puree IKW)— Connor won the
fourth, fifth and Mxth heats in 2:0714 2'12
2:10U~ Kcyal H. fheldon won the second and
thirrt heats in 2:0S=4. 2:07. Eyelet, Indian, Bell
wood and Coney also s»p.rt»-d.
2:2S c'.ek», pace, pur*# tHW— Sally Hook won
BUM ftrcLicht heat* in 2:H'4. 2:l2\i.. 2:1<H- P
3\ Glynn. Tommy \V. Beauty Spot. Redshed
End ]>oKy Iirown also started.
The 2:1!> trot, unfinished, has been put
over until to-morrow. Eleven horses faced
the starter In the 2:i2 trot and none of the
eleven pot the Hag. all finishing the five
heats except the four that were drawn by
their owners. Summary:
In the second heat of the 2:12 trot five
horses came up the^Btretch under the
whip and not a Fulky length apart, mak
ing one of the finest finishes Been this
year on any track.
GLEXS FAI.LB. N. Y.. Aug. 15.-Tho
eecor-d day of the Grand Circuit meeting
drew a good-sized crowd to witness the
postponed 2:23 pace and the 2:07 pace and
the 2:19 and 2:12 trots. The 2:07 pace fur
nished the rare of the day. as In the first
heat Royal It. Sheldon and Connor came
under the wire In a driving finish so close
that It was declared a dead heat. Time,
Dead Heat.
Hoyal H. Sheldon and Connor K.un a
The principal event of to-day vas the
2:30 pacing race with s*.-en teart
ers. The race was most exciting through
out and plungers found much difficulty In
making up their minds as to which way to
rlace their money. The racing events for
The afternoon were the 2:30 pace for a
purse of J1000, five furlongs and three
quarter running races. The pacing race
¦was won by Queen R. The five-eighths of a
mile running event -went to The Miller
and Sudden captured the six furlongs
race. The summary:
Key Direct (Parker) B 3 1 J d
Doc \Tilke8 <Brown) t I I &
The Banker' ¦ Daughter CTom
Brown) ? t 8 d
Tellow Jacket fHoy) S 6 6 d
Harry J (Dcsathan) 7 d .
Time. 2:ttH, 2:V,\i. 1:1S. 2:UU. 2:U. t:l».
P.unnlnr. flve-elrhth» or a mile, punt MOO—
Sl?d. M1 Time.T^4. BUaaftnl ""**- mcard0
Runmnj. three-quarten of a mile, puree UM
won, Beaumonde Beooad. wine third.
•
GOOD SPOUT AT GLENS PALLS.
CHICO. Aug. 15.— The second day's rac
ing events brought out a much larger at
tendance than yesterday.
Pacing Mare Captures Wednesday's
Chief Event at CMco.
QUEEN B, THE WHT2TER.
DETTROIT, Aup. 15.— Betting choices
won all of the races at Highland Park
this afternoon. The track was fast up
to the fourth race, when a shower set in.
Summary:
Six and a half furlongs— Our Llzrie won.
Quaver second. Queen Anne third. Time, 1:21.
Five furlcnps. ecllinc-Lyrorbell won. Swa'.s
ler second. Scotch Bramble third. Time 101>i
One milt — Sprinewell* won. McGrathlana.
Prince second. Cho;>lr. third. Time I"4l4
SelMng, mile and an eighth— EIr Florlan'won.
Windward second, Kitty Regent third. Time.
1:57 V
Five furtonsrg— Rose Bird won. Helen Graham
eecond. Pierre Jr. third. Time. l:03ii.
Bix furlongs. Belling— Hungarian won, Ral
*ton second. R. Q. Ban third. Time. 1:15.
One mile und fifty yardo— John Baker won,
II an ¦•:;>!¦*-!=? sevor.4, Iicney Boy third. Time, 1:D3
Ptv» and a half furloncs— Silurian won.
Candy Jim second. Satin Coat third. Time, 1:13.
One mile and five tartans* — Frangible won,
Mononpah second. Hosle third. Time. 3:07.
Seven furlonjrs— J J T won, Neglipenee second
Maryland Resen-e third. Time. 1:SS.
CHICAGO. Aug. 15.-Horses at Harlem
plowed throuch mud fetlock deep and the
ta!e:n failed to pick a. winner until John
Baker captured the purse. Olekma upset
the talent in the second. Prestar was
played as though the event was made for
him. but the best he could do was to
i-h<jw. Olt-kma •wu« tirt-d enough to quit
iti the ilnish and was nearly overhauled
by Obsidian: who closed up an immense
lot of pruund in the last quarter and beat
Prestar by four lengths. Results:
Five fur!on~F— Ton's ie Green won. Glove Bec
end. Ma V third. Time, 1 :C" 2-5.
Fix lurlongs— OWkma won. Obsidian second,
Frestar third. Time. 1:1S 2-Z.
fix. furlong— Tildy Ann won. Heigh Ho sec
ond. Braw I^a<l third. Time. UIH(.
One roiio and twenty yards. Bellinir — The Dau
phin won. Tuny lionig second, Satire third.
T!n:e, l:«7.
Mile and twenty yards, eelllng — Joe Gammace
»va. J-'iammarloa second, etrathbroeck third.
Time, J:4Ti a .
One mile— Peter Duryea won. Monk Wyman
eecor.d. li. G. Fox third. Time, 1:45V
Six furlor.grs. eelling— Acushla won. Fair De
ceiver second, George H. Ketcham third. Time,
l:i:,4.
DETROIT. Aug. 15.— Results at "Wind
sor:
Six furlongs. 6e!llr.p— Rideau won. Brulare
cecond. Lord Frabier third. Time, 1:16\.
Four a.ri a half 'urluntf-Ereii wen, Syn
cj.ated Sandy «=ccond. May Cherry third.
Time. :Ze.
five Jurlonjrs — Brandymash won, Jim Green
wood eecond, La Vailiero third. Time, l:05Vi.
K"ivo furlongs— McAddie won. Termless tec
on<!, Telamon third. Time. 1:(XV».
Jlilf end an eishth— <Jueen of Song: Tfon, Kun-
Ja. second, UmrtxllUT third. Time, 1:4s-**.
Handicap, six Jurlongb— Meehanus won, John
Yerkes second, Sparrow Wine third. Time.
l:K>i.
The Konslnpton Hotel hurdle handicap, purse
$Z2*j, one mile, over «ight hurdles — Dr. Eich
t'ers won, air. StoSell second. Ben Eder third.
Time, 4:13V
SARATOGA. If. 1\, Aug. 13.— The racing
to-day was uninteresting. The track was
Btiil be&vy. In the Kensington Hotel
hurdle handicap Ben Eder fell while lead
inK aj-id L>r. Hichberg. the favorite, won,
pulled up. from IVlr. Stoft'ell. Results;
Mile and a sixteenth, handicap— Joe Doughly
v-on. Havilasd beoond, Ma&kadonse third. Time.
Six furior.fs, handicap — Pinochle won, Tom
Culllns t.eouiid, Graxitor third. Time, 1:14%.
Four and a. hair furlongs— Isobel won, Small
Jack second. Mcnos third. Time, :K%.
fc>ix and a half furlong*, selling — Benham won,
E!*anor Ji .::.• s seconU, Glen Lake third. Time,
Mile and thm'-elxteenths, telling— Governor
Boyd wen, i^igenia S second, Nandora third.
Time. 2:o*>».
On* mile, jjurse— Ida Ledford won. Tigris sec
ond. Tom Oilmore third. Tiine, 1:41%.
ST. LOUIS. Aug. 15.— The talent again
augmented their bank roll at the Fair
Grounds this afternoon, four favorites
Winnies brackets. The two other events
vest to outsiders. In the third event
Jimp, the favorite, ran away a m!lo and
a quarter at a terrific clip Just as the field
tot to the post, thud destroying all
chances of winning. A wail of anguish
went up from his backers, which was re
peated when Jimp ran away an additional
quarter on a false break. The liery spirit
displayed by the animal created the im
jiression t}::it he had been "doped." >»o
further entries will be received by the
Fair Association on the horse. The track
was fast. Results:
Eichberg, With Mr. Stof
fell Second.
Kensington Hotel Handicap Hurdle
Stakes at Saratoga Teken by Dr.
Jimp, a Strong Favorite in
Setting, Runs Away
Twice.
WINNING DAY
FOR THE TALENT
AT ST. LOUIS
DIONE TROT5 HALF MILE IN 1:00,
SMASHING THE COAST RECORD
'j.xi.jL. toAJN JbiiAiS CiSCO CALL, IHUiibDAk', ACuLbT iu, i^OO.
J. Rellly's Royal Union: E. pvLry"* America
vs. R. E. de B. Lop*a & Son's Crawford Lad.
H. A. Deckelman's Rocker vs. Pasha Kennels
Reckless Archer: Pasha KenneU' Rolllckln*
Airs vs. Pasha Kennels' Royal Anne; w. C.
Glasson's Sleigh Bells vs. J. P. Thrift i SL
Michael; E. Geary's Palo Alto vs. J. H. «"
go's Lady Davenport: F. A. MeComb s Sir
Pasha va. N. P. Whitings St. Antliooy: P.
Brophy's (names) Lord Hastings vs. P. J.
Rellly's The Grafter: W. C. Badg»*s AJameda.
Lad vsl Ruasell. Wilson & Allen's Master Clalr;
Ben Begjrs' Beau Peep vs. R. L. Taylor's
(names) Mose; J. Horn's Bona Fids va. H. A.
Deckelman's Lawrence; D. Toland's Pleasant
Girl vs. George Whitney's Theron; J. I* Ross'
J L R vs. J. I. O'Brien's Statesman: Pasha
Kennels* Round About vs. D. E. Wiley's Hlg!i
Born Lady: J. H. W. Muller*s Cruiser vs. C.
B. Charlesworth's Crawford Braes; M. Dillon's
(names) Challenger vs. T. J. Cronin's Vandal:
IX 'Winder's (names) Random Aim va. J. P.
Thrift's Forget; Pasha Kennels* Rural Artist
vs. T. Cooney's Modesty; J. Potter's (names)
Palm Flower va. J. Maher*s (names) Swedish;
H. A. Deckelman's (names) Snapshot vs. P.
McCabe's (names) Fair Lily: J. R. Smith's
Victor Que«n-va. Captain Kane's Master Dav
enport; Russell. Wilson & Allen's Julius Caesar
vs. F. Hughes' King's Borderer; J. Button's
(names) Herschel's Pride v«. W. O. Glasson's
Santonin: H. Lynch' s Lexington vs. B. M. Kel
lers's Hummer: Conncll Brothers' St. Helen
vs. J. H. Perlgo's Penny Grant: T. W. Bartela*
Mac's Melody vs. Jeff Martinet's BUI TosUr.
(names) Temple; J. P. Thrift's Brutus vs. Cur
tis & Son's Narcissus; Sterl <£ Knowles' Rusty
Gold To. L. F. Bartels' Beer Brewer: Curtis &
Eon'B McKinley vs. George Parkinson's Ben
Lomond; K. E. de B. Lopez & Sod's Whltehead
vs. J. Sheridan's Forest King: Curtis & Son's
Maud S v». R. E. do B. Lopez & Son's Craw
ford Rex; P. Cronin's Lear King vs. R. E. de
B. Lopez & Son's Sara; B. Silver's Reannex
vs. P. Jackson's (names) Golden Russet; Rus
sell. Allen & "Wilson's Victor Boy vs. W. J.
Brownlne's Mountain Belle: F. A. McComVa
Motto vs. P. j. Rellly's Plow Boy; Sterl &
Knowles' O'Hara vs. Curtis & Son's Flying
Fox; Welch & Heenan's Sacramento Boy vs.
Russell Allen & Wilson's Jlaglo: P. McCralg-«
Oalg Boy vs. Sterl & Knowles 1 Sleety Mist;
A.. Johnson s Lowlander vs. J. Carroll's Auck
land; Sterl & Knowles' Oleta vs. Aeneid Ken
nels Aeneas; Lande & Gerber'e Mount Ida vs.
Irwin & Lyons' Silver Wings; A. L. Austin's
Firm Foe vs JR. Smith's Sylvanus: J. R.
Smiths Jennie Wilson vs. Pasha Kennels'
Recordinff Angel; A. Johnson's Bald Eagle vs.
W. Kramer's (names) Onward: J. Button's
(names) Master Lawrence vs. Aeneid Kennels'
Agememnon: J. Holden's Scottish Chief vs. F.
A MeComb s Royal Flush;. Curtis & Son's An
chor ym. J. J. Edmonds' Mornlnr Glory: J.
Burna' Battleship vs. E. M. KelloiVi 155 m£
Coy; Jeff Martinets Slim v.. L. F. Bartels"
Best Bargain: Captain Kane's Miss Penman
vs. Pasha Kennels 1 Rest Assured: H. A. Deck
elrnan s Kanaka vs. Pasha Kennels' Ren
t^Tm •„ T^ & Thompson's Flora Mc-
Donald - vs. Pa«na Kennels' May Hwnp
?. & J? V. . Kramer*! Jess* Moore vs.
Sv.,^-^? nd " H1 * h Jlnk »: T. J. Cronin's
S lld ,7™U? 0 vs - p - BrophVs ~Benlc!a Boy:
RusselU Wilson & Allen's Roale Cla>e^ vs. P.
San Francisco Aerie No. B, Fraternal
Order of Eagles, gave a banquet last
night to Deputy Grand President James
F. Cheetham. Mr. Cheetham will depart
for the East In a few days, accompanied
by his wife, who is in ill health. The aerie
presented the deputy grand president with
a beautiful diamond-studded badge em
blematic of the order.
Eagles Banquet Their Officer.
LONDON. Aug. 15.— At the second day's
racing of the Redcar meeting to
day the Wilton plate was won by Salvl,
ridden, by "Skeets" Martin. At the sec
ond day's racing of the Kempton j Park
second summer meeting to-day the Amer
ican Jockeys, John and Lester Relit, Rig
by and K. Jones, took part, but with the
exception of Jones, who won the Teddlrrg
ton welter handicap on Sylvestrls, they
were unsuccessful.
Martin Rides a "Winner.
8
Sun rises 5:25
Sun sets 7:02
Moon sets 10:29 p. m.
« Time Time Time Time
a Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
ft H W L.W H TV LW
1$ ... 4:04 4.2 9:01 2.4 3:40 5.7 10:40 0.5
17 ... 5:24 3.9 10:00 2.8 4:33 5.6 11:52 0.3
18 ... 6:4a 3.9 ll:0!> 3.0 5:34 5.7
1/ W H W L W H W
19 ... 1:00 0.0 7:53 4.1 12:23 3.2 6:38 5 7
20 ... 1:59-0.2 8:58 4.4 1:32 3.1 7:39 5.7
21... 2:49—0.3 9:44| 4.6 2:33 2.9 8:38 5 7
22... 3:34—0.3 10:25| 4.9 3:23 2.7 »:30 5 7
Steamer.
From.
Due.
NewburB Grays Harbor Aus. 18
Crescent City .. Crescent City Aug. 18
Matteawan Tacoma Ausr- 1*
Sequoia .........|San Pedro... Augr. 16
pel Norte Portland Aug. IT
Point Arena.... Point Arena An*. 17
Eureka Humboldt Auk. 17
Bonlta Newport Aug. IT
Grace Dollar... Grays Harbor Aug. 17
Hongkonjr Maru China and Japan Aug. IS
State of.Cal... 1 . Portland A us. IS
Proitreso Tacoma Aug. IS
Tltanja Xnnaimo An*. 1<
Rival ITVillapa Harbor Aug. 15
Victoria lOyster Harbor.. Aug. IS
Empire |Coos Bay.. Aug. 13
Peru [Sew York... Aujc. U
ArcaU .ICcos Bay..... Auk. 19
Orizaba IHumboldt Aug. 19
Santa Rosa San Diego Aug. 19
Tanls. Hamburg Aug. 3)
Umatllla ....... Victoria Aug. 20
North Fork..... Humboldt Aug. Jl
Coos Bay Newport Aue. 21
Steamer.
I Destination.
Salts
| Pier.
Columbia ..'Portland Aug. 16. 11 anvPler 21
Orizaba ...[Humboldt Auk. IS. 2pm|Pler »
Corona .... San Diesro Aup. 17. 11 amjPier 11
Eureka .... Humboldt Aug. 13. 10 am'Pler 1!
San JoM...:.N>wYork Aug. IS. 12m!PMSS
Newburg .. Grays Harbor Aug. 19, 5 pmiPier 13
Bonlta Newport Auk. 19. SamPier U
Walla Wai. (Victoria Aug. 19, UanvPler 3
Czartna ....Seattle Auer. 20. 11 am Pier 11
Pt. Arena.. IPoInt Arena.. Aug. 2<>. 3 pm. Pier 2
Del Norte.. Portland Aug. CO. 8am!Pler M
Gaelic China & Japan Aug. 21. 1 pna'PMSS
State Cal.. Portland (Aur. 21. 11 ami Pier 24
Santa RosalSan Dleso L\ng. 21, 11 amjPier 11
IV-mona ...iHv.mboMt lAusr. 21. 2pm>Pter 9
Arcata ) Coos Bay |Aug. 21. 12m|Plerl3
Australia ..I Honolulu f Aug. 22. 2 pm|Pier 7
Coos Bay.. I Newport JAus- 23. aam'PUTlt
Xorth ForkiHumboUlt (Aug. 24, 12 m, Pier 2
For the Idler— rest. For the hunter— the great
game of the mountains. For the angler— the
salmon and the trout In the headwaters of the
Sacramento and the Klum.it h. Al.L. AT PIS-
SON'S DOOR. The tavern Is new and freah
and clean, with every modern comfort. The
railway brings one almost to the door. Where
Nature Is her grandest, come and learn how
grand her Inspirations are. Rates. $10 to S12
per week. $2 DO per day. Guides and homes
for mountain cllmbir.g. MRS. M. L. SISSON.
Proprietor. Sls«on, Cal.
Far from the chilling summer fogs and free
from winds and dust and heat. SISSON. TAV-
EI5.V, SOCO feet above the sea level, on the ever-
green slopes of Shasta, ia the Ideal spot for a
summer vacation. Near it the great forests of
pine and cedar and hemlock, around It a wide
expanse of meadows. about It the perfect
beauty of Shasta.
Nature's broad expanse.
Smiles down on
SISSOIN TAVERN.
Where Sha.«ta"s summit, clad In enow.
O A vacation docs not usually •
q extend beyond two or three or q
6 four weeks, so that many of O
5 those who have been sojourn- ®
O ing during the past, month at £
® the various resorts along the •
California Northwestern Rail- ¦ ®
• way are returning to their ©
2 homes. J
O Those who intend to take o
• their vacation daring July or •
q August, and those who may not |j
© have, thought of a rest, but ©
q should do so, can now easily 2
O find the desired accommoda- O
| tiors. ©
O Call for "VACATION," a ©
© little book just issued by the ©
q company, giving Camping Lo- q
© cations, Hotels, Mineral Spring #»
2 Resorts, and a list of one hun- 2
Q dred and sixty-seven Farms and o
O homes where Board for the ©
0 Summer can be secured at from *>>
© $5-co to $8.oo per week. •
• O
© Ticket Offlc*. CO Market f- Q
q (Chronicle building), g
A General Ofnc». Mutual t.!'» Q
© v building. San some and California- A
«U.. Ban Francisco. "
O 3- C. WHITIHO, O«a«nl M*a»jsT. O
® B. X. STAR, Osa'l P»«. Aj*-.
• s
FAMOUS
GILROY HOT SPRINGS
The waters ars noted for their thousands of.
cure* of Rheumatism. Gout, Lead and Mercurial'
Poisoning, Liver and Kidney Disease?. Neural-
gia. Dyspepsia and all -Bladder and Urinary
Complaints. Hotel and cottages renovated.
Baths refitted and Improved. Magnificent
scenery, delightful walks. Hunting and fish-
ing No fogs. Une^ualed for health, rest and
recreation. Rates. $12 to $14 per we»k. Tralna
leave Third and Towti*end streets. S. F.. 9 a.
m and 1:45 p. «. dally. Carriages at GUroy
for springs. For Illustrated pamphlets address
R. ROBERTSON. Proprietor.
CALIFORNIA HOT SPRINGS ££ a c.i>en\S
Springs: new management: a placa of comfort
all seasons: 48 mllet from S. F.. via Tlburon
ferry R. R. station on hotel grounds: exten-
sive (wlmminx tank: $10 50 snd up per week;
round trip $1 10 on Sunday. COOPER & STETV-
ART. Agua Callente. CaL Long-distance phone.'
ST. HELENA SANITARIUM. ££ghz
Napa Valley. The Institution has all tha ad-
vantages of a health resort as welt as belaj %
fully equipped sanitarium. Carriage meats alt
trains at St. Helena. Send for circular. Address
ET. HELEN' A SANITARIUM. St. Helena. Cai.
LAUREL DELL LAKE.
The most' attractive place In Lake County i to
eptnd your vacation. Boating, bathing, bowl-
ing, tennis livery, new walks, etc. Writ* for
circular to' H. WAiIBOU>.
f Lanral D«tt. Lake County. Cai.
BLUE LAKES,
Lake Co. a fine - Oshlns, boating, bathing and
hunting j In the heart of the mountains. Tna
best table In Lake Co. Address O. WE13-
MAN. yidlake p. p.. Lake Co.. Cai.
KAHLEIfS new summer resort. Cazadero. CaU
—Homf cooking, excellent fishing and hunt-
Ing: general mdse., choice liquors, cigars.
popular prices. j
GLENj OAKS RANCH - Nice surrounding*:
comfortable rooms; good table; convenient
location. Address F. QUIEN. Ulea EU«a, C»L
¦
Round Trip, Ona and One-Th'rd Fare.
Illustrated booklet and further Infor-
mation of FRANK W. ELY, City Agent.
Tel.' Red 2336. 640 Market St.. S. F.
OTTO E. NEVER. Prop.. Paso Robles.Cal.
SKAGfiS HOT SPRINGS. SONOMA
O1A./-1.VJ\JV5 County: only 414 hourj
from. Sun Francisco and but nine miles of
staging: waters noted for medicinal virtues-
best natural bath In State; grand mountain
scenery; good trout streams at door; telephone
telwaph; dally mail and express: FIRST-
CLASS HOTEL AND STAGE SERVICE"
morning and afternoon stages; round trip from
Ban Francisco only S3 50. Take Tlburon ferry
ft 1:30 a. m. or 2:30 p. m. Terms. « a aay or
J12 a week. References— ..ny guest of the past
five years: patronage constantly Increasing
J. F. MULGREW. Proprietor
CAMP MEFKER Ft ,'% fr< J™. fors ana «> ld
VHitU lULi.IMft winds. The Popular Resort
Amonc Redwoods of Sonoma Co.: Free Boat-
Ing. Bathing. Fishing and Hunting. Lots sell
from J10 to $75. Cottages built from |30 and
upward. Board and lodging. |6 p*r week: un-
CARLSBAD KLB. e n r c a s l
Most beautiful spot In I-ake County. Waters
ucsurpasged for dropsy, stomach, liver, kidney
• nd bladder affections. Accommodation* Urst
tlass: |1» a week: lUhted by gas.
W R. McOOVERN. Kelseyvllle. Lak» Co.
KZ.AMATH MOT SPFHNC3.
The healthiest resort In the prettiest county in
California. Trout fishing— finest in the State
Shove! Creek, IS miles for casting. Hunting
plenty of game In surrounding mountains-
grouse, quail, deer and bear. EDSON BROS..
Proprietors. Beswlck. Sisklyou County. Cal.
THE GEYSERS, j£~
ONE OF NATURE" S WONDEKS.
Natural steam baths, swimming;. fUhlng.
hunting - and livery. Writ* for pamphlet. X.
WERTUEIIIEB, Manager.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Cures Blood Poison
A Trial Treatment Sent Free to All
Who Suffer From Any Stisre
'
Cures Cases That Hot Springs and
All Other Treatments Failed
to Even Help.
There has b^en discovered by the State
Medical Institute, 203 Elektron building. Fort
Wayne, Ind., the most remarkable Blood Poison
cure ever heard of. It has cured all such In-
dications as mucous patches In the mouth,
sore throat, copper -colored spots, chancres,,
ulcerattons on . the body and In 'hundreds of
cases where the hair and eyebrows had fallen
out and the whole skin was a mass of bolls,
pimples and ulcers this wonderful tpecinc ha«
completely changed the whole oody Into a
clean, iiorfect condition of physical Lealtn.
Every railroad running Into Fort Wayne brings
scores of sufferers seeking this new and marvel-
oua cure and to enable those who cnunot iravtl
to realize what a truly marvelDU* work the In-
stitute Is accomplishing they wll. send free to
every sufferer a free trial treatment so that
every one can cure themselves in the privacy
of their own home. This Is the s.ily known
cure : for Blood Poison. Do not nesitate to
write at once and the free trial will *>e seat
sealed In plain package.
LADD'S GUN STORE,
3fiEjP^^T^ ¦*/ <21 : Kearny street, S. F., for
yaf. Fishing Tackle, and Sporting
Goods. The largest stock on
the Pacific Coast of every description. Send 3
cents In postage stamps for the latest M-paga
Uiu*trate<f catalojrue. No. 4.
A man walking ten miles a day would
require nine years to cover all the streets
of London.
If you are suffering with an unnatural
weakness, a contracted or chronic ail-
ment, place yourself under our treatment •
and wo will restore you to health
and strength as quickly as Is con-
".. Blstent with a permanent cure. Our rem-
edies, methods and appliances are th»
best, our Institution the largest aad best
equipped, our practice the most extensive.
. We never use remedies that leave any
."-. > I'-. Injurious effects on the system.
If you -cannot call, -write for free private
. book; advice, question list, etc. All cor- \
respondence confidential. Cures sent safe'
ly by mail or express.
DR. MEYERS & CO., "
ESTABLISHED 1881,
731 MARKET SL, San Francisco.
HOURS— Daily, 8 to 6. Evenings. T to S.
Sundays. 9 to 11. Elevator entrance. .
1 In 1
••• a Tent |
' At (Con)-Tented City. Coronado H
'• Beach, you can live as neat. cool. i j
: comfortable and economical as at H
home. Hundreds now there say H
! nothing compares with it. t\
At 168 Market Street, |
5 SAX FRANCISCO. . |
You can learn about It. or write &
E. S. BABCOCK. |
CORONADO BEACH, CAL. |
B^GREAT DOVE SHOO!
E^sS^AiitiJst 24£ and 25*12
RaQREAT DOVE STEW
KM August 26il2 at ,
ATVWfH.'1'l^mM i«:ru-if*_Frank Miller, an old man partly deaf,
was sent to the County Jail for three
months by Judge Cabaniss yesterday.
Miller has : for years swindled people by
going to their homes and pretending that
he had been . robbed of all hia money
thus inducing: them to . give him some
thing to keep him from starving. He was
arrested about three years ago and
eerved time. " •
Wants City to Pay.
Charles Traull has petitioned the Su
perior Court for a writ of mandate to
compel Treasurer Brooks to cash the sal
ary warrants of siA ex-employes of the
Countv Clerk's office. TheBe men are
John Hughes. Neil Murphy. William J.
Cue David McKenzie, T. Flemming and
Alien Donovan. They were engaged hy
the County Cleric In 1S93 to carry records
into the offices now occupied by that offi
cial but were, never paid for their ser
vices TrauII. who appears as their as
elgnee. now sues to collect the moneys
due I them.
Complaints Against Moody.
Harold S. Adams, clerk In Fisher's dry
goods store on Third street, who was shot
at by Al Moody, the jockey, in front of
the Winchester, House on July 4, refused
to swear to a complaint yesterday "dharR-
ing Moody -with assault to murder. 7, By
instructions of Captain Seymour Detective
O'Dea swore to the complaint before
Judge Cabaniss. As Mrs. Lulu Roylance
who was shot by Moody at the same time
is still unable to leave her bed, O'Dea also
swore to the complaint' charging Moody
with murderous assault upon her.
Switchmen Militant.
C. Hobson, James MilHgan and John B.
King, Bwitchrr.en, were arrested yes
terday afternoon by Policemen Mc-
Quaid and Harrison on a charge
of assault with a deadly weapon.
J. E. Smith, another switchman, was .-un
der arrest on a charge of disturbing the
peace. They got their pay yesterday
mornlnp and celebrated the event. About
1 o'clock the men entered the saloon of
J H. Cleesen, Sixth and Harrison streets,
and had a row with the bartender, J. C.
Cleesen. about drinks. A light started
and Cleesen seized a club to defend him
self with. The. trio took the club from
him and beat him over the head, inflict
in«r three scalp wounds, which were
dressed at the > Receiving Hospital.
Hit Her With a Bottle.
eor&e Everson and Jennie Trlpp had a
TAKE ADVANTAGE
WHILE YOU CAN
One More Ten-Dollar Tahoe Ex-
cursion.
Another ten-dollar excursion Is scheduled
for Lake Tahoe next Saturday night, Au
gust IS. This is likely to be the last of
the season at this cheap rate, so if you
contemplate going do not risk delay. Re
member what it Includes— Saturday night
and Sunday night on the train with
sleeping-car expenses all paid, and all day
Sunday on beautiful Lake Tahoe. Five
hundred and twenty miles of travel, prac
tically no loss of time from business and
a day at one of the world's great resorts
all for $10.
Tickets on sale at the Southern Pacific
city ticket office. C13 Market street. -
Purpose Is to Oppose Police Super
vision and the Quarterly License
Tax Imposed.
Dealers In new and second hand furni
ture organized an association Tuesday
right at a meeting in the sodal hall of
the'B'nai B'rith building by the electicfi
of the following named officers: P. Taus-
president; A. Wollpt-rt. vice presi
dent: H. McCabe, treasurer; T. P. Chope.
*^Ttje a purpose of the association Is to
protest against its members being classed
as "iunit dealers and being placed under
police supervision. It will also oppose
lhe quarterly license Imposed upon them.
ASSOCIATION FORMED
BY FURNITURE DEALERS
The regular monthly musical service
will be held at St. Dominic's Church, cor
ner Bush and Stelner streets. Sunday
evening next, at 7:30 o'clock. The pro
gramme will Include: Sonrano solo. "I will
Extol Thee" (Costa). Miss Lily Roeder;
tenor solo. "Every Valley" (Handel)
J. F. Veaco; bass solo. "Ave Maria"
(Wenham Smith). Sir. (i. 3. "Wanrell: "O
I Salutarls" (Franklin Palmer). "Adoro
Te" (G. M. Dether), "Tantum Ergo*
(Silas). Organ recital programme:
Marche Solendle IMaUIy). Sonata No. I
(Guilmant). L?ed (G. M. Delhier). I.arjro
from "New World" symphony (Dvorak>
Organist and director. Franklin Palmer.
Puccini's new opera, "La Tosca," is
winning good words and bad In London.
It appears to be a striking departure
from the older Italian models, a kind of
modified translated Wagner. An exceed
ingly well written and thoughtful criticism
of the operi appeared fn the week*
Musical Courier, quoted from some Loi».
don paper.
Music, of the current month, contains
an interesting crtlcle on "The Fassion
Play at Oberammergau" by Anna Ladd
Dlngley. It is lavishly Illustrated and
among the pictures will be found por
traits of the new "Christua." Anton Lang,
and "Maria." Anna FTuger.
Maurice R03?. a pupil of Sir Henry
Heyman, will leave San Francisco this
month to study \iolln with Cesar Thom
son at Brusseb. His good work at the
recital given by Mr. Heyman's pupiU
early In the year will be well remem
bered, and there Is little doubt that
Mr. Rose will be heard from In the
future.
Harry B. Samuels and Hermann Gens9
will give an invitational recital at the
same hall earl;.* In September. Mr. Sam
uels will give some violin numbers In con
cert with Mr. Genss. who will also con
tribute some piano solo3.
Mrs. II. Lewis, soprano. Is booked for a
song recital at Sherman-Clay Hall Sep
tember 20.
"Just fancy, in the little town by tn*
Pacific alternate bills of *Aida' and
"Lucia' for the first week, with alterna:
ing artists! * • • To your humble cor
respondent the enterprise of the TlvoM
management sivpfars wonderful." This in
the New Vf- Dramatic Mirror on our
grand opera on at the Tivoli Opera
house. The true significance and import
ance of this engagement Is even mom
clearly understood among New Yorkers
than It is with us— in this "little town by
Hie Pacific." It is Indeed a most inter
esting and exceptional phenomenon, that
a complete double cast of artists of curi
ously equal worth may be heard every
week during a long grand opera season
(at the price, too!) on this edge of the
world. A pleasant feature Is the genuine
musical appreciation of the situation,
which each performance only makes more
manifest.
It will interest admirers of the two
grand onera idols of the moment— On'i
denzio Salas.*n and Signor Avedano— to
learn that their daily life during an op
eratic engagement Is almost monastic in
its simplicity. It is an Inflexible round nf
exercise, rest, study, rehearsal, perform
ance, and only in the rarest instances Is
this rule. Infringed upon. Doubtless to
this devotion to thoir art Is owing tho
admirable freshness and condition of th«
favorite singers' vocal arrangements. an.I
it is a matter of no small self-denial on
their part, as they are both charmingly
social when time permits. Truly Is art a
hard taskmaster!
MUSIC AND MUSICIANS
mISS LONITA VAI.LEJO. a ynuner
composer and performer who?.}
work is well known in the East,
will give a song recital at Sher
man-Clay Hall some time toward the en<l
of September. Miss Vallejo is a grand
daughter of General VaJleio. after whom
the township of Vallejo is named.
Dr. Thomas L. HI'.l. dentist, has re
turned. I. O. O. F. building. •
-^
Y. M. C. A. Night School.
The night school for men of the Toting
Men's Christian Association is attracting
a good deal of attention. A complete
business, commercial and scientific courso
Is outlined by the international committee
In New York, which course Is taken up by
the associations throughout the country.
Registration for the school of this city
will commence on September 1<> and the
school will open September Zi. The open-
Ing address will be delivered by Henry
Woinstock of "Welnstock, Lubin & Co.
Only 500 student* will be registered.
ONE more familiar figure "will be
missed, along the line. James H.
Ryan, popularly known as "Jlm
mle," died at Nome, July 29, of
pneumonia. A letter was received m the
city yesterday by "Dick" Farley, inform
ing him of the sad news. Deceased was
only 111 a few days and when stricken
down by the dread disease the best of
medical skill and of professional nursing
was obtained to relieve- the sufferer, but
to no avail. He was buried in "the city
of the frozen north" the day following
his death and his funeral was largely at
tended by the California colony.
Ryan was a great theatrical manager
in his time. He was the business man
ager of Edwin Booth, manager of the Cal
ifornia Theater in the palmy days for
"Tom" Magulre and also successfully
starred Alice Oates through Europe. He
was also associated with Robinson in his
circus ventures. A peculiar incident .in
connection withhis death is that h» had
a presentiment that he would die In Nome
and -told his brother Peter so on bidding
him farewell just before he embarked on
the steamer in this city. '
Former Well-Known Theat
rical Man Passes Away
in Alaska.
JAMES H. RYAN
DIES AT NOME
Figures Shown by Annual Report of
Statistician Griffin of Health.
Board.
The annual report of Statistician Grif
fin, which will be filed with the Board of
Health this morning, shows a remarkable
decrease in the number of deaths in this
city during the fiscal year ending June 30,
as compared with the year previous. In
the year Just ended 6774 persons died from
all causes, of which 41C0 were males and
2614 females. The deaths for the fiscal
year ending June SO, 1899, were 7105 and
the year before €544. The causes as seg
regated by Statistician Griffin in an ex-,
haustive manner are:
General diseases— males 1730, females
112?. total 2S5S; diarrheal— males 85, fe
males 23, total 108; venereal— males 27, fe
males 12, total S3; septic — males 28, fe
males 54, total 92; dietetic— males 81, fe
males SI, total 172; constitutional— males
1093, females <£9, total 175S; developmental
—males 174, females 133, total 307; local
I diseases— males 2032, females 1351. total
22S3; circulatory system— males 4S7, fe
males 2T<S, total 785; respiratory system
males 516, females 349. total 8<xJ; digestive
syHiem— maltB S37, females 233, total 670;
absorbent and glandular eyst<*m— males 7,
females 7, total 14; urinary system— males
2^1, females 144, total 393: reproductive
system— females C2; osseous and Integu
mentary system— males 9, females 8, total
17; vloknt deaths— males 3D8, females 135,
total M3; homicides— males 33, females 7,
total 43.
The suicides for the year were: Males
121, females 40. total 171, against 122 males
and 3a females for last year and 127 males,
29 females, total 156, the previous year.
The greatest number of suicides was from
carbolic acid, CO; firearms. 40; illuminat
ing gas, 21; hanging, 22; opium, 13.
REMARKABLE DECREASE
IN NUMBER OF DEATHS
The work of those who are collecting
money for the Admission celebration has
been most encouraging since last Mon
day, and each committee is working with
renewed vigor to make the particular fea
ture under its charge the success that
was promised. Vice President Payson,
representing the Santa Fe road, sent in a
check for $500 yesterday. J. R. Hillman
of the committee on Insurance offices
turned in 5570 and promised as much more
from the same source. /
The illuminating committee has made
some change in its / plans for illumin
ations. One of the changes will be plac
ing loops of lights over sidewalks at va
rious prominent points. The effect it is
said, will be novel and very attractive.
The parade committee not being certain
that it can have allotted to it the amount
required for transportation of the troops
of the Third Brigade. N. G. C, will prob
ably in view of the little time left, aban
don the idea of having these soldiers in
line An effort will, however, be made to
have the companies of the Fifth Infantry
come to this city to take part with the
First Infantry, N. G. C.
California Parlor has concluded its pro-
ETamme of entertainment for the festival.
On Saturday evening, the 8th, there will
be a promenade concert in headquarters
in Maple and Marble halls, Palace Hotel;.
Sunday sacred concerts day and night at
headquarters. Monday the headquarters
will be closed until after the parade. The
members to the number of S00 will <be in
line preceded by a band of -thirty pieces
and followed by a float representing Cali
fornia, the young lady who will personate
the State to be named, by Buena Vista
Parlor of the Native Daughters. The
parlor will also have several novelties in
line After the parade there will be a col
lation at headquarters and in the evening
there will be an "at home," the members
of Buena Vista assisting. On Tuesday
evening there will be .a. Bran x ball at
headquarters. W. D. Hobro Jr., the pres
ident of the parlor; James P. Dockery,
chairman of the committee; Henry Per
nau the secretary and active committee
man, will have charge of the programme.
Pacific Parlor has also finished its pro
gramme for the celebration. On Satur
day night there will be a jinks of high
order commencing at 11, o'clock; Sunday
sacred concerts day ana night- at head
quarters. Monday a banquet at headquar
ters in Odd -Fellows' -Hall after the pa
rade; in the evening a ball at headquar
ters, the decoration :o«. which will cost
$500. On Tuesday there will be a- bay ex
cursion for members and in the. evening
there will be a reception at headquarters.
Programmes of California and Pacific
Parlors — Schuetzen Verein Will
Parade — Los Angeles
Contingents
Funds on Hand and in Sight
Will Permit of AIL
the Features.
SUCCESS OF THE
CELEBRATION IS
WELL ASSURED
row yesterday at the lodging-house at 641
Mission street and Everson hit the woman
on the forehead with a bottle, cutting a
gash over her left eye. Everson was ar
rested by Policeman Morrisey on a charge
of assault with a deadly weapon and the
woman was taken to the Receiving Hos
pital, where the wound was stitched and
dressed.
Robert Sands is the chairman of. the com
mittee of arrangements.
Last night thore was an enthusiastic
meeting of the San Francisco Schuetzen
Vereln. That body after listening to ad
dresses by Grand Marshal Costello, Col
onel Boston, chief of staff, and the Ger
man speaking member of the parade com
mittee, decided by a unanimous vote to
parade. The members of I^a Bandera
Parlor, Native Daughters, of Sacramento
will parade with Sunset Parlor of the
Native Sons of that city.
' A new parlor being organized In Berke
ley will be ready to parade fifty strong.
The contingent of Native Sons from L03
Angele? will r.dd much to the splendor
supplied by the southern part of the
State. It will come up on the Native
Sons' special and will bring a large num
ber of non-members along.
The regatta committee at its meeting
last night completed all the details of the
rowing and sailing races.
The National Union is arranging to
have a float in line.
Among substantial subscriptions re
ceived yesterday were the following:
Fireman's Fund Insurance Company J1J0"
A. B. Forbes & Bon, Commercial Union As
surance Company. Liverpool and London and
Globe Insurance Co., Voas, Conrad & Co.. Hart
ford Fire Insurance Company, Royal and Quepn
Insurance Companies, Home Mutual Insurance
Company, |100 each; Slebe Bros. & Placeman,
$75; Atlas Insurance ComrRny, Lion and Im
peria 1 Insurance Company. National anl
Springfield Insurance Company, Palatine In
surance Company. Aetna Insurance Company
"Chronicle Bnr." Cunningham. Curtlus &
Welch. IT. S. Crocker & Oo.. Payot. L")ham &.
Co.. rtedinston & Co., Samuel Jirnn ,fc Co
Shea, Bccciuoraz & Co., William Wolft Co"
John Sroufe & Co., Roth A Co., Sherwood &
Sherwood. Henry Camr>* & Cr>. B D Pike
& Co., Rosenblatt & Co.. Miehalltschke Broa
& Co., L. Prauen Kahn. Klckelsberg & Co '
Cluctt. Peabody & Co., Rainier Beer Company"
$50 each. *'.
MENRT SLATER, a private in the
Fifth Infantry, was arrested yes
terday morning after an exciting
chase and after he had made a
desperate but futile attempt to rob tha
house of John McFadden at 1914 Taylor
street.
About 2 o'clock yesterday morning Mary
Ellen, the thirteen-year-old daughter of
McFadden, was suddenly awakened to
find a man beside her with his great
coarse hand pressed heavily down upon
her mouth. The room was dark and the
child being unable to distinguish tho
features of the intruder naturally sup
posed the man must he her father.
"Is that you. papa?" said lifMn Mary
"Hush; don't say a word," said the in
truder, who was none other than the
soldier.
But the brave child continued to ask
questions until she awakened her little
twelve-year-old brother. John McFadden.
John stoutly ordered the soldier out of
the room, and while her little protector
exchanged words with the strange man
Mary rushed to her parents' room. It did
not take long for John McFadden Sr. to
rush afier the soldier that little John had
already put to flight. Big John and littlo
John and David M. Davies, a neighbor,
chased the soldier down Taylor street an.1
up Filbert to Jones, where with neatness
and dispatch he scaled two twelve-foot
fences and finally landed in the woodbox
in the back yard of the Brady residence,
2116"^ Jones street.
Out of the woodbox McFadden fished
the soldier, and binding him securely flung
him upon the ground. He then leisurely
sat upon him until Officer Brodt sauntered
by, fully two hours after the triumphant
capture.
When the officer arrived the soldier was
to all appearances unconscious. There
fore, Instead of hustling him to prison he.
was hurried to the Receiving Hospital.
An examination at that institution re
vealed the fact that the soldier was sham
ming and consequently the hospital offi
cials turned him over to the prison, where
the charges of burglary and threat to
take life were entered against him.
Little Mary McFadden was completely
prostrated yesterday, suffering from the
effects of her awful experience.
"The man's hand upon my mouth made
me feel as though I were choking, an-J
that is what awoke me," said the little
girl. "I asked him If he were papa or
Mr. Davies and he said no and told me
GRAND HOSPITIUM
OF THE BOHEMIANS
Officers Chosen to Serve for the Cur- '
rent Years — Changes in the
Constitution.
The Grand Hospitium of the Bohemians
cf America held Its annual session in Red I
M<n's building yesterday. There were J
present Grand Chief Host Emmett Phil- :
Upa of Faeramrmo and all the grand offl- J
cers and delegates from subordinate hos- j
pitiums In tlilB oJty. fan Jose. Oakland. I
Sacramento and YaJJpJo. representing a
membership of nearly *'A This is a new
order on this coast, being but a little
more than a year «ld. The reports pre-
pr-nt^d show a steady growth in the past
year and a sound financial condition.
There were ripht changes in the con
stitution, one being: that sick benefits, j
%\ .'.)••?] in Lhe subordinate bodies were dis- j
cretlonary, shall be compulsory; another |
that the quorum of a subordinate body j
i !>e seven instead of eleven, and a 1
third thst the t*-rm of the officers In eub
orfilnates st;all be six months instead of
ore year. '
The f'llowirg namrd officers were plect.
f<\ for th« ourrrnt year and installed by
T. J. Crow ley. P. G. C. H.: H. B. Mehr
ir,;ii; of Oakland, grand chief host; F. D.
Brandon of San Francisco and J. T. Bran- j
nan of Oakland, assistant grand «'hief j
host?: W. F. Oonolley of San Francisco, i
prand recording host <re-elected>; J. K. |
Kmgaa of Oakland, grand host of the i
exchequer; J. H. Henejr of Oakland,
prand master of the hosts; C. W. Cole of
>\-ui Jo.se. grand ho«t of the inner pate;
W. E. Gillin of Vallojo, grand host of the
,' uer gate; Dr. J. I. Manson, grand heal-
L g host: T. J. Crowlr-y, grand host elo
• nt; Charles Edf'.man. grand builder
rn«=t: Ad^lf Siren of San Francisco, H.
W. Pulcifrr of Oakland and Emmett Phil
lips of Sacramento. H. I. Kowalsky, D.
II. Uthe and 1. Golden, grand controlling
hosts.
I»urirg the year an rffort will be made
t^ organize a suJiordinate in each city of
3000 or m^re Inhabitants.
The nest annual fission of the grand
body will be held in Oakland on the sec
ond Wednesday in August.
to hush. He threatened me and then
Johnnie awoke and while Johnnie was
talking up bravely to him and telling him
to 'get out of here' I slipped out to papa's
room. At first papa thought I had been
dreaming, but when he heard Johnnie
chasing the burglar he jumped out of bed
and went after him, too."
Little Johnnie was Inclined to treat his
experience with the burglar In a most
offhand manner.
"I Just ordered him out," said Johnnie,
"and when he didn't go I got up and
chased him."
Slater arrived in town yesterday from
Chicago, where he claims he enlisted with
the Fifth Infantry Just one month ago.
He claims that he was intoxicated at the
time he entered the McFadden flat and
declares he has absolutely no recollection
of ' anything that transpired there or
afterward. k . . ¦
"I only remember when I woke up and
found myself in prison," he said. Pre
vious to entering the army Slater claims
he was a seafaring man.
Slater found his way into the McFnd
den fiat through the means of a broken
kitchen window. He came up by way of
the rear entrance, climbed into the win
dow and made for the first room, th-?
apartment in which little Mary and her
brother John were sleeping. <
S^ T the Columbia Theater to-night
jj Henry -"Miller will produce Anthony
K| Hope's romantic comedy, "The Ad-
I * venture of the Lady Ursula. '
' Next week "The Only Way." long
looked for, will be staged. In this Mr.
Miller appears as Sidney Carton. The
cast Includes a number of new people
brought out from New York for the oc
casion, among them the veteran actor,
J. H. Stoddard.
This afternoon and Sunday evening the
fifth lecture of the Burton Holmes series
will be given. It will be upon "Moki
Land." with its snake dances and other
features of interest.
No diminution of audience is. yet visible
at the "Otello" and "Rigoletto" perform
ances at the Tivoli Opera-house. For
next week a splendid production of
"Tannhauser" and "Mlgnon will bo
given, with a still further enlarged or
chestra.
"Trilby," at the Grand Opera-house, has
created a veritable furor and is drawing
crowds nightly. Next week a literal ver
sion of "Sapho" will be produced, with
Daudet's heroine edited by Rejane anrt
translated into Frawley by Miss Keith
Wakeman. A staircase "as is a stair
case" is promised.
The Alcazar Is doing a good business
with "A Suit of Sable" and this after
noon will give a benefit to Laura Crews,
the popular young actress, who is leav
ing for New York. "Only the Master
Shall Blame" and "Keeping Up Appear
ances" will be the afternoon's bill.
"The Brown.ies in Fairyland" are enter
taining large, audiences at the California
Theater this week. There will be a spe
cial matinee this afternoon. Sylvain A.
I^ee, a renowned hypnotist, will begin a
week's engagement Sunday night.
The Orpheum's good bill includes the
four juggling Johnsons, Sam Morris &
Co., Mrs. Bessie BHtz-Paxton, Bennett
and Stembler, the Meeker-Bakers and
a special act for children, Macart's dog
and monkey circus.
Eudora Forde. contralto; Irene Frank
lin, cornet soloist; the Kerlin sisters, vo
calists; Conlon and Ryder, acrobatic
comedians, and others are at Fischer's
concert house this week.
MIDWEEK NOTES
OF THE THEATERS
Something like a scandal has
In connection with the pound, ..and the
police are investigating the case. John
Shea, better known as "Gooney," a pound
deputy, Is involved < -
A brown mare belonging to the Arctic
Oil Works was grazing with other horses
in a vacant lot on Seventeenth street, op
posite the Lick School, and was missed on
July 10. The fence had been broken and
the conclusion was reached that the anl
rr.alhad been stolen, and the police were
notified.
Yesterday morning the horse was taken
to McDevitt Bros., horseshoers, 7 Haw
thorne place, to be shod. They .'do all the
work for the Arctic Oil Works and at
once, recognized the animal as the one
supposed to have been stolen on July 10.
They at once notified the manager at the
oil works, who in turn notified the police.
Policeman Conlon was sent to McDev
itts' place and George McEldowney, a
stableman at the oil works having identi
fied the mare, Conlon, acting under in
structions from Captain Spillane, turned
the animal over to McEldowney. It had
been sent to be shod by Shea, the police
man found.
Captain Spillane sent for Shea and asked
for an explanation. He said the mare
had been found wandering around on July
10 and taken to the pound. As no one
claimed the animal it was sold at the
pound and purchased by Maloney, the
driver of the dead-horse wagon. Shea
bought it from Maloney for the price he
paid, as his brother wanted a horse to
draw his potato wagon. He had no bill
of sale from Maloney.
The police are not satisfied with Shea s
explanation, and Sergeant Lewis of the
Totrero has been detailed to make a thor
ough investigation. He is to find out if
the horse was advertised for before it was
sold and who acted as auctioneer. It is
stated that the mare would not stray
away from the other horses of its own
accord, and Lewis will endeavor to dis
cover who broke the fence and other par
ticulars that require elucidation.
raptured by the victorious Germans in
3S7O had It not been transferred to the
Louvre, its present home. In spite of the
richness of the materials in this piece of
furniture, its careful decoration on front
and back and the two years' time taken
for its construction, it is difficult to real
ize that the present valuation of the
Bureau du Rol is about $100,000.
In our forefathers' day the "festive
board" was rather a rude reality than a
poetic license, for during the middle ag*>s
the table was literally a board or boards,
rough-hewn at that, placed across trestles
In the baronial hall which served as a
dining room, parlor and bedroom com
bined in one. In Saxon castles a special
table covered ¦with scarlet cloth waa.
placed across the dais or raised portion of
the hall for the thane, his family and dis
tinguished guests; from the middle of this
table ran at right angles the longer and
lower board, uncovered, unroofed and
scantily furnished, at which retainers and
domestics made merry. In those days the
tables and not the seats were the movable
furnishings; for the seats were long
chests or heavy benches against the
walls, before which trestles and boards
were easily arranged. After the banquet
(a word derived from "bane," or bench)
was finished the impromptu tables were
easily removed, the minstrels and glee
men were bidden to the front and the din
ing-room was forthwith transformed into
nn entertainment hall for the lord of the
manor and his entire household. In Vene
tia. too, this custom must have been in
vogue— so Shakespeare thought— for In
"Romeo and Juliet," which he wrote
about 1396, he says:
Come, musicians, play'.
A hall! a ha!l! give room and foot It. irirts.
More light, ye knaves, and turn the tables up.
In time the trestles (from "threstule," a
three-footed support) were ornamented
with carved work and the boards hinged
in the middle for more convenient remov
al. For a long while it was customary
for the diners to sit only on the wall side
of the table, which was but thirty inches
in width, so that they might be more eas
ily served across the narrow boards, and
also that they might be on the alert in
case of attack or sudden raid. Possibly
this custom may have been a survival of
the old Roman fashion of reclining on
but one side, of the banqueting table.
While this Grecian and Roman practice
undoubtedly facilitated the, table service,
it is quite unlikely that the early Saxon
customs were in any way connected with
the sumptuous furnishings of antiquity.
On the contrary, after the fall of Rome
our forefathers seemed to share the prim
itive customs which marked the childhood
of the race, and to have groped their way
step by step, through the many centuries,
back to the convenience and elegance of
furnishing which had been indispensable
to the earlier civilizations. \
During the Elizabethan period trestles
and board were joined together in one
solid piece of furniture, and .the "stand
ing table" became the order of v the day.
Naturally there arose the problem of ac
commodating a varying number of guests,
and the solution was reached by placing
several "joyned" table's together. These
"sets of tables" when apart served as
pier tables, or side tables, the two end
ones baing semi-circular in shape. Then
the "drawinge table" was contrived, art
arrangement for drawing out two flaps
from either end. This In time was super
seded by the "folding table," which was
made, oftentimes, with as many as twenty
legs, and, as its name implies, could be
folded into about one-third of Its greatest
length. It was not until the year 1800 that
our modern extension table was Invented,
"to reduce the number of legs, pillars and
claws and to facilitate and render easy
their enlargement and reduction." Dur
ing the eighteenth century mahogany ta
bles of the design known as the "pillar
end claw" tables became very popular.
The round or square tops rested upon up
right cylinders, supported upon a plinth
having* three or four carved claw feet.
Variations of this pattern having, massive
legs and carvings of lion's head and claws
were so much admired for their rich col
oring and spirited carving that they were
fitted with extensions early in the cen
tury and made int» horseshoe tables for
public meetings. "Within the last lCu
years there has been no modification, ex
cept in carving, of the dining table. Fur
niture designers, seeming to think that
human ingenuity could no farther go,
have turned their attention to the Inven
tion and reproduction after classic mod
els of the occasional table— that bane and
blessing of modern furnishing.
As a purely decorative feature the table
should have no place: If its usefulness,
may be enhanced by rare and enduring
ornamentation, that Is another matter.
This was a standard principle of furnish
ing among the early Greeks, whose dis
like of redundancy was one of the base*
of their excellent' taste. After the use
fulness of an article was once established,
then it was enriched with precious metaU
and inlay of ivory or fancy woods. Some
times this double purpose was achieved
by richness of design, as In the quaintly
elegant folding tables of bronze, with
legs in the shape of lions or leopards:
sphinxes, too. seemed especially adapted
for the construction of the antique table.
The smaller tables were either tripods
for holding braziers or were made with
naissance, together with the superorrn
mentation of the later renaissance, soon
spread to France and was brought then ¦•?
intn England when the edict of Nantes
flSSa) evicted pome oO.OW artisans from
France. During the Stuart porio«l taMfl
and chair were frequently combined In
one article of furniture, as seen in t!io
illustration of Theodore Hook's chair.
HISTORIC STUDIES I >J HOJV1E FURNISHING.
Copyright, 1900, by Seymour Eaton.
QUAINT BEDSTEADS AND OTHER FURNISHINGS
MYSTERY OF
MISSING MARE
INVESTIGATED
FouncTin the Possession of
Deputy Poundkeeper
Shea. ' -. l '-.'
H% : Alleges: He Bought. It From "a
; Man Who Drives Dead-Horse
*••.. . Wagon at the
:-. ..„ .. .. -Pound. - -
Doited States District Judge de Haven
put down his foot upon a. cunningly eon
irived attempt to lund a. very prepossess
ir.g Chinese girl of 19 years as a native
born. Her name was given as Wai Ho
and the Chinese witnesses testified that
t-he was born on the first day of the sixth
x.onth of the sixth year of/ the reign of
Emperor Kwang Hsu, her place of birth
being 715 Sacramento street, in this city.
They also swore unanimously that on the
lirtecnth day of the seventh month in
he seventh year of the reign of Kwang
Hsu ehe went with her father and mother
to China tmd returned to this city last
A novelty in the case was the fact that
Wai Ho is a "bound foot" or "small foot"
woman, and these, ajccordlng 1 to Chinese
custom, are never allowed to lead im
moral lives, but are destined to become
wives of merchants.
The story went on that Wai Ho re
turned to San Francisco for the purpose
of marrying a Chinaman hero, but he
died, and she being in jail at the time It
va-s arranged that she should marry Jew
Mow Hong of Ham Kee & Co., 7^3 Sacra
mento street.
Jew Mow Hong did r.ot appear as a wit
r.rss yesterday. The last witness on the
Ftand was asked by Assistant United
States Attorney Banning- why he remem
bered the exact month of the girl's birth.
end he replied that three months ago he
was looking over an account book of his
firm and found an entry of a present he
had tr-adu the gbi'H fathrr and mother on
i):e day of the- child'? birth. But unfor
tunately the book was lost and could not
be produced in court.
JudRe de Haven announced that he did
rot l>e!ieve the witnesses. In cases of
thlM kind, he paid, the law required the
applicant to fcrnish proof to convince the
court not only beyond a reasonable doubt
trai to satisfy the court clearly that the
applicant was entitled to land. He was
not eailpfied that the girl was a. native
born American. She came hither from
China, and It was incumbent upon her to
I-rove her identity in this country. This
she had failed to do, and an order of de
portation was marie accordingly.
L^Lst April, while the Chinese bureau
officials were examining into the case, Dr.
J. E. Gardiner, Chinese inspector and In
terpreter lor the bureau, went to Sam
Kee's store for the purpose of examining
the partnership records in order to deter
mine whether Jt j w Mow Hong was a
partner, as he had represented, A book
¦was shown hira. opened at a. particular
f...^e. and. suspecting it to be a "dummy,"
l»r. Gardiner demanded an Inspection and
lound a long list of coaching questions
and Instructions that had been sent to
< hina for the use of Wai Ho and others.
Witnesses Swear Ske "Was Born in
This City, but Court Holds Their
Testimony to Be
Clever Scheme of Chinese
to Land a "Small-Foot"
Girl Foiled.
JUDGE DE HEAVEN
ORDERS WAI HO
BACK TO CHINA
SOLDIER-BURGLAR IS PUT TO
ROUT BY A GIRL AND A BOY
\ THE SAN FRANCISCO,; CALL, THURSDAY, AUGUST 16, 1900.
Deaf Old Reprobate.
• •
Palse.
THE CALL'S
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
THE BURGLAR AND THOSE WHO LANDED HIM BEHIND THE BARS.
BY MARGARET AIX3I.EE
(Concluded.)
The. bureau, in its modern acceptation
of the term, did not come Into general use
until the latter, part of the eighteenth
century, the convenience of the carved
utilitarian chests and presses having
hitherto supplied the general need. The
word -originally meant a writing dtsk or
escritoire, and was so called from the
"bure" or -baize with which it was cov
ered. These "scrutoirs" were generally
used as receptacles -or papers, deeds and
accounts, and were in the days before the
establishment of banks frequently made
with secret drawers.
An elaboration of this Idea ¦was th? far
famed Bureau clu Rol made for Louis XV
in 1769 by Riesener. Aside from the beauty
of its marquetry, the magnificence of Its
mountings and the perfection of its grace
and symmetry-, this masterpiece of Riese
ner's has considerable historic interest.
Having survived the iconoclasm of the
French revolution, this famous chef
d'oeuvre was during the rule of ; Xapoleon
I In the Tuileries,. whence it ' was
moved to St. Cloud by Napoleon III:
there It would have undoubtedly been
hut one foot fmonopfidium"* and were fre
quently fashioned of bardwoods, beauti
fully quartered and polished.
When Rome was mistrttt of the world
the furniture of the imperial city was of
the costliest description. Tables wpie rot
only made of gold, silver, bronze ar.tl
marble, enriched with damascening, en
graving, veneering and precioua srnr,,-\
but they were made of rare woods, which
brought fabulous prices'. The tab!<* i>f
Cicero, for Instance, was said ti» hnvu
cost I45.C00 of our money, because It w;h
made of thym? wood, a rpfinoua wood
from the Atlas Mour.tair.3. It is m.u
tloned in the Uible. was used by the Un
mans for incerso In tlM worship of tht-lr
pods, and forms the tloor and ceiline: •>?
the celebrated Mosque of Cordova. Wivn
we reflect that snmc tables of thi3 pre
cious wood commanded even higher prices
than did CMeern"* we >!o not wonder that
when the Roman ladles were reproached
for their extravagance in pearls they rf
tort^d by calling attention to the siipor
stlrious rngr* for tnhlos of thyme wood.
During the renaissance in Italy verr
rich effects were gained by overlaying
the center tables ot Venetian carvins
with cold leaf placed over a red prepara
tion; when highly burnished the warm
suergestiveness of the? red groundwork
through the golden overlay made a hr>r
mony of satisfactory coloring. The fa
miliar arrival of classic firms and ara
besque ornamentation of the Italian re-
9
BUREAU DU ROI. MADE FOR LOUIS XV BY IUKSENER.
THE LATE JAMES H. RYAN.
GRAPE-1TUTS.
<A UNIVERSAL FOOD.
Following Nature's Footsteps.
"I have a boy, two years old, weigh-
ing forty pounds and in perfect health
who has been raised on Grape-Nuts and
milk. .; ' * " "'.'
"This is an ideal food and evidently
furnishes the elements necessary for a
baby as well as for adults. We have
used Grape-Nuts in large quantities and
greatly to our advantage." F. W.
Leavitt. Minneapolis, Minn.
One advantage about Grape-Nuts
Food is that it is predigested in tlie pro-
cess of manufacture: that is. the starch
contained in the wheat and barley is
transformed into grape sugar in exactly
the same method as this process is car-
ried out in the human body, that is. bv
the use of moisture and long exposure
to moderate warmth, which grows the
diastase in the grains and makes the re-
markable change from starch to crape
sugar. Therefore, the most delicate
fiomach can handle Grape-Nuts and the
food is quickly absorbed into the blood
and tissue, certain parts of it poine di-
r*jtly to building and nourishing tlie !
yi.in and nerve centers.
'.Made at the pure food factories of the
Postum Cereal Co., Ltd.. Battle Creek,
Mich, 7:Steamer Movements.
TO ARRIVE.
The following were ex-dlvidend yesterday:
Oakland Gas, 25c: Oakland. San Leandro &
Haywards R. R., 20c; Presidio R. R., 10c;
Kilauea Sugar, 25c; Pacific and Sunset Tele
phone companies, the regular dividends. '
;= Oil dividends payable: American Fuel, lc.
August 17; Yukon, 2c, August 20; Rex. 3c, Aug
ust 22. -
The California Fruit . Canneries Association
has declared a dividend of 60c per share, pay
able on the 20th.
The California Powder Works Company will
pay a, dividend of $1 per share on the 20th.
The Central Light and Power Company will
pay a dividend of 5c per share on the 20th.
The July report of the "Alaska Mexican mine
shows 14.S98 tons ore crushed by 120 stamps In
29 ii days, yielding $20,014. and 244 tons sul
phurets saved, valued at:J»S9O. The ore aver
aged $1 SO per ton. The gross yield was $26,81 1
and the working expenses J17.629.' '.. :
The , Alaska ' United mine reports 27,590 tons
•X^- : — -#
~ t Local stocks and bonds continued quiet, with
no changes worthy of note. There was noth
ing new In the oil stocks. '¦ ¦y/V-
THE STOCK MARKET.
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column gives the second tide of
the day. the third time column the third tide
and tho last or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day. except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occurs. Th» heights
given are In addition to the sounding* on the
Lnlted States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height,
and then_ the number given Is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference is the mean of the lower low waters.
CHICAGO, Aug. 13.— CATTLE— Receipts, lfl,-
EO0, Including 4000 Westerns and 1500 Texan*;
choice steers steady, others and /Westerns,'
slow to 15c lower; Texans 10c lower; - good to
prime native steers, $5 30@5 90; poor to medium,
14 S0<f?5 25; selected .feeders, choice steady'
steers slow, J4®4 75: mixed stockers, -weak'
»3@3 85; cows, J2 S0@4 35; heifers. J3@4 80: can
ners,; J2®2 70; bulle, J2 70@4 40; calve*. $4 50©
6 70. Texans— Fed - steers, J4 25@5; - grassers,
13 40??4 20; bulls, »2 5O<?3 85.
HOGS— Receipts to-day, 23,000; to-morrow,
Chicago Livestock Market.
Grnpes— Muscat. 50igC5c single crate- Tokay
4nc®t2; Slalaga. 60c?i$l; Clusters, averag-e $1 50*
Pears— Bartlett, $1 10<fT2 25 box, Jl@l 26 half
box. Peaches — Susquehanna, 8C@95c box; Craw.
ford. 80c<£?$l C5; Late' Crawford, S0c@$l. Plums
— Kelsry Japan, 83cg$l 10 single crate.- Prunes
—Gros, 7Jcf?Jl 30 single crate; Silver, 70cS$l-
Italian. Jl 50-gl C5. Twelve cars sold.
Grapes— Tokay, 75cg|l 65 single crate; Mal
aga, f,f.cf?$l 25. Pears-=-Bartlett. OOcipJl 90 box
Peaches— Susquehanna. 3.ic$ ?1 25 box; Craw
ford Cling. 5O@85c. , Plums— Keisey Japan 25cJ?
$2 15 single crate: Yellow - Egg, 55c«?M 25
Prunes— Gros. 50cC$l 05 singlu crate; Fallen
berg. ?1 1501 30; Victoria. "OtlSOc; Silver, 35®
75c. Twenty-two cars sold to-day. -
CHICAGO, Aug. 15.— Earl Fruit Company
tales of California fruit: v '
NEW YORK, Aug. 15.— Porter Bros. Co. sola
California fruit to-day as follows: Pears—Bart
letts. (OcCJl 95 per box and 70c@H 10 per half
box; Beurre Hardy, $1 05@l 10; Summer Seck
els, Jl 10@l 30 per half-box. Prunes—Hunga
rian, SSc@Sl; Gros, 44KJT50C. Grapes— Malaga, 35
<?}45c. •
NEW YORK. Aug. 15.-Earl Fruit Company
etles of California fruit:
CHICAGO, Aur. 15.— Porter Bros. Co. sold
California fruit to-day as follows: Pears — Bart
letts. Jl 20($?l SO; , Beurre Hardy, $1 20@l 40.
Grapes— Tokays, $1@1 25: Malaga, 45c@$130;
clusters, $1 15©1 40. Peaches— Orange Cling,
Jl 15; Crawfords, 95c. Prunes — Gros, k 60@£0c.
Plums — Burbanka. $1 03: Yellow Kgj, 60c.
California Fruit Sales.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— Sept. Dec.
Opening 6 11% 6 0%
Closing •••• 6 OOH 6 1*4
PARIS.
Wheat— . Aug. Nov. -Feb.
Opening ....'. Holiday.
Closing Holiday.
Flour —
Opening Holiday.
Closing Holiday.
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was firm; creameries. lG@20Hc: dairies,
14tflSc. Cheese, firm, 10®llc. Eggs, firm;
fresh. 12c.
Articles — Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 30.C0O 9,000
Wheat, bushels 373,000 291,000
Corn, bushels 152.000 732,000
Oats, bushels 115.000 2SS 000
Rye, bushels 7.000
Barley, bushels 23,000 5.000
Time Ball.
Branch HydroRTaphtc Office. U. S. N.. Mer-
chants' Kxchanjre, San Francisco, Cal.,
Ausust 15, 19C0.
The time ball on the tower of th» new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
1. e.. at noon of the 120th meridian, or at S
o'clock p. m., Greenwich time.
C. O. CALKINS,
Lieutenant Commander. IT. S. N.. in chars*.
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour,
dull; No. 2 red, 76%®79c; No. 2 corn. 39c: No 2
yellow, 33Vic; No. 2 oats. 22U@23%c; No. 2
white. 24324V4c: No. S white, 23V4@24^4c; No. 2
rye, 61Vtc; good feeding barley, 36@'36He; fair
*o choice malting. 40043c; No. 1 flaxseed, $1 38;
No. 1 Northwestern, $1 38; mess pork, per bar
rel, til E5®11 60; lard., per 100 pounds, $6 C2H(!5)
6 63; short-rib sides (loose), $6 &C@7 10; dry
salted shoulders (boxed), $6 7£<g7; short clear
sides (boxed), J7 45@7 G6; whisky, basis of high
wines, $1 23'i; clover, contract grade, $3 60®
8 75.
Articles. Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
August 74H 74% 74% 7444
September 74% 75^i 74% 74*4
October 75% 76^4 75»4 75>a
Corn No. 2—
August SS»i 40 3S% 39U
September 3S 33»4 3774 3314
October 37 37% 36*i 3ji:
Oats No. 2—
AugUit 21H 21% 21% 21%
September 21*i 22H 21% 22
October 22>i 22% 22 22U
Mess Pork, per barrel —
September 11 57H 11 CO 1155 1155
October 1160 1165 11 67H 11 5714
Lard, per 100 pounds —
September 6 60 6 67^4 6 60 6 65
October 6 67>4 6 7ZV£ 6 65 6 70
January 6 45 6 IZhi 6 45 6 47>,£
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds-
September 6 95 6 So ' 6 87>4 6 90
October *... 6 92V4 6 62% 6 S2H C S5
January 5 95 5 95 G 5714 5 5714
NEW YORK. Auk- 15.— To-day's stock mar
kft was in many rf-spects a counterpart of the
early trading of the wo»k. There was, however.
more ur.lfarTr.ity to the advancing tendency,
exemptions being limited to only a few stocks.
A distinctive broadening to the dealings
aroused optimism ia some quarters as to pos
sible early participation In the markPt by live
public. Some of the commission houses re
ported Increased orders ar.d stress was laid
up-jn the prorr.inence of the divl^pnu-payins
railroads In the rise. As an offset the bears
uwli on the depletion of New York l>ank rt
terv*^. consequent upon the r.M exports, and
the usual contraction In general business In a
Presidential election season. While the bank*
on Saturday will have to reflect upward of
tU.W.00 shipped, it :e expected that the loss
In the Furpius of the banks will be lancrely
offset ty the receipts of gold from Pacific
Ccart points, interior currency movement and
tains irom the sub-treasury. The latter in
stitution will have to disburse to the banks
later i:i the week some !2u.O0Q,OCO through the
redemption of the eld Government 2s. Money
iat«-i> here to-day continued easy, but an easier
tendency was noted in discounts In London,
which caused long sterling bills to harden here
an.i the p,.isied figures were marked up V«c.
It was stated that further pold phipments at
a profit are impossible at current rates foi
demand bills. The FtOCk market In detail
¦'.lowed conspicuous strength In many quarters
with the tendency for special stocks influenced
by rum-irs. New Jersey Jumped over 5 points
en reports of a change of ownership of the
jjroperty and favorable developments In the
anthracite coal trcd*. Other coal stocks sym
pathized, but the late reaction reduced their
pains to fractions outside of L>elawcre and
liudson. which closed 2-» higher. Itailroaj
stocks, particularly the pTangert. received good
support, but they Fufferej in common with ths
general list in the selling movement toward
the close. ProSt-UJdBS was indulged ; In in
the late dealings snd the market gave way a:l
tround, ending under pressure.
II ore busini-i-B w.is transacted In railroad
bonds to-day than for some time and there
was* a decided upward tendency for some
issues, particularly Atchison adjustments, bt.
Louie Southwestern firsts and 'Wabash de
bentures. Total sales, par value, $910,000.
United States new 4s and the Is advanced
in the bid price.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Shares Closing
Sold. Stocke — Hid.
20.77O Atchison 2S*»
iC.0^0 AtrM:«,0!» prefd 71 ] 4
10,5^3 Baltimore & Ohio 71%
4 r «' Canadian 1'aclfic 9O'<4
4:D Car.a ia Southern 49^
4.130 Chesaieakc «6t Ohio 2S
¦ SCO Chicago Great Western ill's
l!.CtK) Cnleazo liar-ington & Quincy 3274
190 Chicago Ir.dianaiolis & Louisville.. 21
Chicago Indianapolis & Louis prefd. S2
Ohicapj &l Eastern Illinois W-i
4K Chicago and Northwestern I'iS'j
6...0 Chicago Rock Inland & Pacific 107%
S75 O O C & St Louis 55
Colorado Southern e%
- ColomOa Southern 1st iirefd iT-j
- Colorado Southern Z<i prefd 1(> .
251 D<?la-.var« &. Hu-lson WS\.
tA9 Delaware Lackav.nr.na & Western lf~Y-.
S<M Dearer & Rio Grande iss'
230 Denver & M o Grande prefd «;•:'
Erie 11
C10 Erie iFt rrefd ,'ZVi
150 Groat Northern srefd " IU14
700 HockincOoal IV.
Hor-kiriK Valley -ii M
3.6W) Illinois Cj-ntral ifjg
105 Iowa Oiitrs.1 , 131J
Iowa Central prefd 4., ~
Karats City Pittsburg &, Oulf. i r »;
SZQ Lake Erie & Western -Y
Lake Trie & Western prefd ; «3
l^ake Shore ««v)
£70 itoalBvlllc & Nashville 7-><i
$,('<) Manhattan L ...'.'.'.'.'. ;*il
2.7»r, Metropolita:i Street Railway . .'.'.*. '.i'.ibW
200 Mexican Central ;i
Minmapc'.is t Sr Louis rs,K
304 Minneapolis A St I.«uis prefd.. "" si
€.210 Missouri Padflc " »¦
Mobile & Ohio .....'..'.'. »s
iAlfiAtHTl Kansas & Texas "].[ "374
7TA.' Missouri Kansas & Texas prefd!!!! Z\
S.733 New Jersey Central I'M
J.145 Nc-.v York Central IVi
2.703 Norfolk & V.'csfrn '.,;¦/_ Jj£
Norfolk He Western prefd !!!"7j
c.cs'i northern l'aciflc ! j»u
Slfl Northern I'acific prefd !.!" j«i»
4.7J0 Ontario £: W.-storn '.
<^re>ri)ii Italiway & Navigation >•;
Oiejron Hallway & Navigation prefd i<
C,(iV) Ff nr.sylvan!a jjgu
TC5 Reading '!'%
¦ 11,773 Itrr.iiinK 1st prefd ft'*
60i) Itf.-idin^ 2<i prefd 2S T ?
liio <3rande Western 60
....... Itio Grande Western prefd jc
Bt i/ouls & 6an Francisco 9)^
M Louis & San Francisco 1st pfd. C7
<75 Bt Louis & San Francisco 2d pfd... 24*i
3.3SJ St l^ouis Southwestern 1214
2.775 St Locis Southwestern prefd 2»'^
24.300 fit Paul 3H%
115 St Paul «>rcM '........17:
t% St Paul & Oraaha. 114
4.<S0> Southern I'aciflc 33<4
S10 &->uth«»rn Railway ll«i
'. "¦". Southern Railway prefd 62%
103 Trxas & Paclflc 15
12,'M Union Pacific CO
New York Stock Market.
EASTERN MARKETS.
Dealers' views , vary as to Butter, according
to their stocks, some quoting a weak and others
a firm market. Prices are unchanged.
Although " receipts : of Cheese keep up there
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, 9@10c, for Gobblers
and 10@llc for Hens; . Geese, per pair, $1 2C£p
1 50; Goslings, Jl 50^2; Ducks. J3@4 for old and
$3@4 for young: Hens. $3 5005; Young Roosters,
$4@5: Old Roosters, J3 50® 4: Fryers. $3@4:
Broilers. $3® 3 50 for large and $2^2 50 for small;
Pigeons, $1 50(^1 75 per dozen for old and $1 60®
1 75 for Squabs.
GAME — Doves. eO^eSc per dozen; Cottontail
Rabbits, Jl 25<<T1 50; Brush Rabbits, Jl; Hare,
*1 25.
There was less local stock on the market
and the feeling was not as demoralized as last
week." Prices generally stood about the same.
v " Poultry and Game.
POTATOES— Garnet Chiles. 50c; New Early
Rose. 25®30c; Burbanks. Saig^Sc for Rivers and
7a@05c per ctl for Salinas; Sweets, 1%@2%c
per lb.
ONIONS— Yellow, 50(8«0c per ctl; Pickle
Onions, 60<f?75c.
VEGETABLES — Green Corn. 50®75c Der sack,
CC273c per crate for Berkeley and $1@1 25 for
Alameda; Green Peas, 2@3c per lb:- String
Beans, 2@3c: Limas, 4@5c; Cabbage. 40@50c;
Tomatoes, River, 2O@40c: Bay. 40<§50c; Egg
Plant, 50<j?75c per box: Green Okra. 35@50c:
Green Peppers, 35@50c per box for Chill and CO
©60c for Bell; Dried Peppers, S@10c: Carrots, 23
y33c per sack; Summer Squash, 25@33c for Ala
meda; Cucumbers, 2O@25c for Alameda; Pickles,
$1 per ctl for No. 1 and 50c for No. 2: Garlic, 2
fl3c per lb; Marrowfat Squash, $15@20 per ton.
Supplies of all 1 descriptions under this head
continue liberal and prices show little change.
Onions are weak.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, nominal; Yallow
Mustard. 4c: Flax, $2® 2 20; Canary, 3%c per
lb for California and 4c for Eastern; Alfalfa,
nominal: Rape, 2V4@3c; Hemp. 4@4V4c; Timo
thy. 4#4Hc.
DRIED PEAS— Nlles, nominal; Green, $2 25@
2 W) per ctl ; Blackeye, $2.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
BEANS-Bayos. $2 50@2 73; Small White. $3 40
®3 CO; large White. J2 C0©2 SO; Pink, J2 25@2 75:
Red. J3 25®3 50; Blackeye. $3 60; Lima, J3 20®
5 23; Pea, J3 50@3 70: Red Kidneys, J3 25@3 50.
HAY— Volunteer. $4 oOiJjG 50; Wheat, $10«12;
Wheat and Oat, $3 50<®ll 50; Oat, JSglO; Clover,
$4@C; Alfalfa, $6®7 50; Barley, $6 00@S 50 per
ton.
STRAW— 25i@40c per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley, J16@17 50 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, J26@27; Jobbing,
$27 50@2S: Cucoanut Cake, $20@21; Corn Meal.
J26 f.0: Cracked Corn. $27: Mixed Feed, $13 50@14.
MIDDLINGS— J16<319 per ton.
Hay and Feedstuffs.
Thpre is nothing new to report, either In Hay
or Feedstuffs.
BRAN-J12312 50 per. ton.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour. J3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, J2 75; Rye
Meal. J2 50; Rico Flour, J7: Corn Meal, J2 73;
extra cream do. $3 50; Oat Groats, $4 50; Hom
iny, $3 50<T;3 75; Buckwheat Flour, J4@4 25;
Cracked Wheat. J3 50; Farina. $4 50; Whole
Wheat Flour. J3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels). J6
®7 25; In sacks. J5 75®7; Pearl Barley, Jo;
Split Peas, $5; Green Peas, 25 50 per 100 lbs.
FLOUR— California Family Extras, J3 60®
3 75, usual terms; Bakers' Extras. J3 40@3 50;
Oregon and Washington, J2 75@3 10 "per barrel
for family and J3 15<g3 60 for bakers'; Eastern,
$4 73@5 75 per barrel.
White— Jl 15@1 35; Surprise, $1 35@1 40; Red,
Jl 10@l 25; Gray, Jl 12%@1 20; Black, for feed,
Jl 10@l 15: for seed, Jl 15<gl 22^ per ctl.
CORN— There were some sales at full figures
yesterday.
Eastern. Jl 20; California Large Yellow,
Jl 17H@1 20 per ctl; White, Jl 17%<ffl 20; Small
Round Yellow, Jl 17»4<g>l 20.
RYE— 90<S935ic per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— Nominal.
Flour and Millstuffs.
Afternoon Session — December— 2000 ctls, 7S%c.
OATS— Shipments from Chicago' to Japan,
through San Francisco, In July amounted to
21,730 ctls, a dead loss to this market, owing to
the discriminative freight rates against this
port already mentioned. In spite of this draw
back, however, local dealers report a firm and
healthy market at full figures.
Informal Session — No sales.
Second Session— No sales.
Regular Morning Session — December — 2000 ctls,
79V4a
CALL BOARD SALES.
Feed, 76%«J77%c • for >'o. 1 and 70@75c for off
grades: Brewing and shipping grades, # 82%@
87}fcc; Chevalier, nominal.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— December—
2000 ctls, Jl 11%; 18,000, U IX May— 2000, Jl 16V4;
2000. H 16%.
Second Stsslon — No sales.
Regular Morning Session— December— 14,000
ctls, $1 10%. May— 8000. Jl 16.
Afternoon Session— December — 46,000 ctls,
$110%. May— 4000. Jl 15%; 14.000. Jl 15%.
BARLEY— Continues dull and unchanged.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Chicago was weak on easy cables and splen
did weather in France. The strength in Corn,
however, operated against a break. Good rains
were reported In the West, except in Kansas.
There have been no cargoes off the English
coast for a week.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, Jl 05; Milling, Jl 07^
@1 10.
WHEAT— The market is a dragging one, with
no changes worthy of note.
Wheat and Other Grains.
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, sight — J4 89
Sterling Exchange, sixty days.. — 4 85
Sterling Cables — - * 90
New York Exchange, sight — *Vi
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 10
Fine Silver, per ounce — 61
Mexican Dollars, nominal — 4S^
Anxiety of corn ihorts made that market an
active one from the start. Small stocks and
a large shortage for next month's delivery
with farmers reserves at a low ebb were caused
by a general desire on the part of the Sep
tember shorts to cover. Cables, weather, etc
cut but little Ice. September opened at 37%4J
3Sc, and amid considerable excitement ad
vanced to 39U C . The bulge brought out con-
Elderable long stuff and as the fears of shorts
gradually subsided September dropped back to
38^c, at which the market closed, compared
with the previous close at 37"»c.
Oats clung to the skirts of the corn market
and In a quiet way managed to advance slight
ly. September closed U@7sc up, at 22c.
Provisions were quiet, flnn for lard but ea«y
fcr pork and ribs. Covering by shippers
against cash sales of lard gave that product
comparative strength. Liverpool quoted an
other 6d rise in bacon. September pork closed
5c lower, lard a shade up and ribs 7Vj@l0c
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Chicago Grain Market.
CHICAGO, Aug. 15.— Wheat was Quiet and
rather weak. The pit at times was half de
serted, the traders giving their attention to
corn. Liverpool was steady but nothing more.
Receipts were heavy and the weather in the
Northwest still dry and cool. The advices
from the Southwest pointed to the probable
early loosening of the movement quite inde
pendent- of Secretary Wilson's prediction of
dollar wheat In causing farmers to hold on
for a rise. September opened at 74 7 ic to 74»i@
74T4c, advanced in sympathy with corn ' to
75%c and then reacted, closing easy lifir'ic
under yesterday. ,*..
Charters.
Tb« F?rt George loads ccal on Puget Sound
fcr Honolulu; the Lurline. merchandise for
Kohulul; the W. F. WHzenaaa. lumber at Grays
Ilarbor for Honolulu; the Orea.Ha, wheat at
"Port'ar.(I for Kuropc. ZZs, prior to arrival; the
Reaper, Imabet on Puget Sound for Port Plrie,
6Ss &d; the P.obert Searlfs. lumber on I*uppt
Pound f^.r FromirUe, "TOe. prior to arrival; the
reported cl.arter of the British ship is an error,
the vessel is Tree.
Barley Shipment.
The British ship Pegasus cleared yesterday
ior Queer.stown for orders, wilh E2.S31 ctls bar
ley, valued at $7'>.4€7, and 24.000 ft lumber dun
nage, valued at ISO); total value, J75.S27.
Weather Report.
<12«.h Meridian— Paciflo Time.)
SAN FR.ANCIPCO. Aug. 15—5 p. m.
The following maximum temperatures were
reported frcin stations In California to-day:
Eureka £3 Los Angeles 70
M.^unt Tamalpa.'.s CS Sacramento :... 7S
Independence fcC fjan Luis Obispo 72
Red Bluff ?0 San Diego 70
Fresno £8
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
£.<•; cicimum, .4; mean. 56.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pressure has fallen rapidly over Montana
and Northern Idahr> and ha6 risen slowly along
the coast of Northern California.
An area of low pressure extends from Ari
zona northward to the Canadian boundary.
The temperature has remained neariy station
cry west of the Rooky Mountains. Throughout
< icllforaia cool weather prevails.
In the San Jo-iquin Valley tr-.e temperatures
ere 12 dt-gr**es below the normal.
Fup !s reported along the coast from San
Fnodaco northward.
A maximum r.-ir.d velocity of 35 ir.Iles per
hour from the southwest is reported from Poca
tello.
Rain is reported along the Sound.
Forecast made at San Fra-icisco for thirty
er.iing mldni-rht, August 16. 1900:
Northern California— FaJr Thursday; light
northerly w:r.d. with fag on the coast.
!?'-'Uth?ra Oalif^roia— Fair Thursday; light
northwest w!nd?.
Nevada— Fair Thursday.
Utah— Fair Thursday.
Arizona— Fair Thursday.
San rram-ifco anl vicinity— Fair Thursday;
freih westerly winiis.
ALEXANDER G. McADIE.
Forecast Official.
NEW YORK, Aug. 15.— The feature of im
portance in the roetal market to-day was the
break in iron. Northern as well as pig iron
warrants declined EOc per ton, with the under
tone rather weak. 1 Northern No. 1 Is now
quoted from J16 to J17 and No. 2 at $15 to Jlfi
but eales have been made at the bid figures
and it can still be bought at that. Warrants
Nezv'York Metal Market.
LONDON, Auc. lS.-Atchison, 25%; Canadian
Pacific, S2«4; Union Pacific preferred, 78y«-
Northern Pacific preferred. 73 ex-dividend -
Grand Trunk. 6T4: Anaconda, 9%.
Bar silver, steady. 28 l-16d per ounce.
Money. 3U&3',4 per cent. .
CLOSING
It Is understood here that the bank has
begun to borrow In the open market to
strengthen the money rates. Call money was
cheaper on Government disbursements."
"Anaconda followed the American and its In
itiative operators began to put Utahs and Bos
ton* also.
"Business continued to grow here to-day,
though the activity was virtually confined to
American and Canadian railroad stocks. The
tone *o« firm, though the transactions still
were limited, but the early buying of Ameri
cans developed a bullish sentiment. Baltimore
and Ohio shares were sold en the July state
ment, of the company.
"Tintos were hoisted. % points, although the
ParlH Bourse was closed.
NEW YORK. Aug. 15.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
London Market.
NEW TORK. Aug. 15.— Money on call steady
at l^lVi per cent; last loan, V£ per cent.
Prime mercantile paper, ,4@5 per cent. Sterling
exchange steady, with actual business In bank
ers' bills at U S7H@4 S7*i for demand and at
J4 MH for sixty days; posted rates. $4 S5ij>
4 S5»» and 14 SS*Vijt4 S3; commercial bills, 54 S3'i
04 83'~i. Silver certificates. . Bar sliver,
61c. Mexican dollars, 4SV&C. Government bands
ttrontr; State bends, inactive; railroad bonds'
strong.
New York Money Market.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 15.— To-day's statement
of the treasury balances in the general fund,
exclusive of the J150.QO0.0C0 gold reserve in the
division of redemption, shows: Available cash
balances. $140,023,474; gold, $74,ES8,276.
Condition of the Treasury.
3,170 Union Pacific prefd ...' 75%
1,100 Wabash "H
2.800 W«bash prefd 18H
970 Wheeling & Lake Erie 8T»
1,125 Wheeling & Lake Erie 2d prefd.... 23%
Wisconsin Central 14
Express Companies —
Adams 124
American IBS
United Ftates 45
Wells Forgo 123
Miscellaneous —
100 American Cotton Oil 24
American Cotton Oil prefd ESH
American Malting 4Vj
500 American Malting prefd 14
3 0 Air.fric.in Smelting & Ref 37ri
American Smelting 4 Ref prefd SS>%
American Spirits 1'4
American Spirits prefd 17
1.109 American Steel Hoop SO
10.CS5 American Steel Hoop prefd 67
3.773 American Steel & Wire 35"^
lo.f'JO American Steel & Wire prefd 75H
6.3CJ American Tin Plate %i t
£sO American Tin Plate prefd 7914,
1,070 American Tobacco 94%
American Tobacco prefd 12S
1.09) Ar.aconda Mining- Co 46»i
42,000 Brooklyn Rapid Transit 59°g
420 Colorado FupI « Iron 36
¦">•><) Continental Tobacco 25^
650 Continental Tobacco prefd 7SU
7.2*0 Federal Steel 35Vi
1,425 Federal Steel prefd £7>i
2C5 General Electric 135
2C0 Glucose Sugar 54^j
Glucose Pugar prefd 99
1<X> International Paper Z2\' t
2Z5 International Paper prefd 63
Laclede Gas 74
7C0 National Biscuit 31%
National Biscuit prefd 85
250 National Lead 1S4
National Lead prefd 01
3.C33 National Steel 21%
500 National Steel prefd K5
New York Air Brake 134
North Amerk-an* lji-i
Pacific Coast 52»i
Pacific Ccast 1st prefd 85
2f<> Pacific Coast Id prefd G3
1.270 Pacific Mall 31
4.S40 People's Gas pj
300 Pressed Stool Car 3914
Prersed Steel Car prefd ; 71>>
410 Pullman Palace Car 186 "
Standard Rope & Twine 6M
lCg'"* Supar lZi%
Sugar prefd 116
700 Tennersee Coal & Iron .' 70^
6.S1S United States Leather ir-,
.o<> United States Leather prefd 6S'-i
2.C00 United States Rubber 3S
United States Rubber prefd 94
Western Union gi
?45 Republic Iron 1- Steel Co 11?b
1.40O Republic Iron & Steel Co prefd 53'*
P C C & St Louis 34
— ... Third Avenue 109
335,000 Shares sold.
CLOSING BONDS.
V B ref 2s reg, ill K & T 2,3a 66?j
¦when issued 1O4>; oo 4s S°
do coup 104'4'N Y Cent lsts 10SU
do 2s res 100 ;N J Cent een 5s...l21Vi
do 2s reg lOS'ijNo Pac 3a 65>*
do coup 10SV do 4s 104
do new 4s reg . . . . 132> t ' N Y C & St L 4a..lO6H
do coup 132>iJXorf & W con 4s.. 97%
do old 4s reg U.VjiOr Nav lsts 109
do coup 115V do 4s 102
: do 5s reg ...113i»;Or S Line 6s 126V»
do coup H3L 4 j do con Sa 112
Dis of Col 3.65s 122 [Reading gen 4s .. S7»i
Atchlscn gen 4s. ..101 |RG W lsts &sij
do adj 4s 85 St L & I JI con 5s.HC»i
Can So 2ds 108 St L & S F sen 6s. 122
Ches & Ohio 4Us.. 9f.»;!st Paul cons 167
d° 5s 117»; fit P C & Pac lsts-.llS^
C & X W con 7s. ..13* j do 5s ns*i
do S F deb 5s....l20Vi' So Pac 4s 79
Chi Term 4s 92^ So Railway 5s 10S*i
Colo So 4s S3 S Rope & T 6s 70
D & R G lsts 102 Tex & Pac lsts Ill
do 4s 97^ do 2d» 55
Erie gen 4s C% Union Pac 4s W5 l A
Ft W & D Cty lsts 72H Wabash lsts U7U
Gen Elec 5s 115H do 2ds 1014
Iowa Cent lsts ....113 West Shore 4s....ll0^
K C P & G lots.... C9 Wis Cent lsts $S%
L & Nash uni 4s.. 98 Va cent £9"^
MIXING STOCKS.
Chollar 10 Ontario 6 25
Crown Point 15 Ophlr 55
Con Cal & Va 1 30 Plymouth 10
IXradwood 50 Quicksilver 150
Gould & Curry .... IS: do prefd 6 50
Hale & Norcross.. 1 8u Sierra Nevada .... 33
Homostake 50 00 Standard 3 75
Iron Silver 50 Union Con 17
Mexican 23;Tellow Jacket .... 27
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— | Union Land CO
Call loans 2<53jWest Knd 93
Time loans 31fi. Westlngh Elec ... 45
Stocks- wi-s Cent it
Atchlscn 2SV Bonds
do prefd 71'i!Atchison 4s 99
Am Sugar 121V* N E G & Coke 5s.. 65
do prefd 116*4] Mining Bhares—
Bell Telephone 142 ! Adventure 2<r,
Boston & Albany.. 24«i.i;Ailouez Min Co ... 1
Boston Elevated... 143'jI A malg Copper .... SSH
Boston & Maine.. .188 iAtlantlc ... . 23
C B & Q 127U!Boston & Mont..!316
Dom Coal 42 jButte & Boston ... 61»i
do prefd 110 jcalumet & Hecla..750
Fed Steel 30H .Centennial isu
do prefd «6V, Franklin 14"
Fitchburg prefd ...125'i' Humboldt 25 '
Gen Elec 135 |Osceola C9 ;
do prefd 139 (Parrot 42*i
Ed Elec 111 206 Qulncy 137
Mex Cer.t 12 Santa Fe Copper.. 4%
Mich Telephone.... So Tamarack 20314
N E G & Coke 14'ti'Utah Mining 32
Old Colony 204 iWir.ona 3
O13 Dominion 19 ; Wolverines 41
Rubber 29»i !
ARRIVED.
Wednesday, August 15.
Stmr Corona. Glelow, 61 hours from San
Dte^o. etc.
Stmr Barracouta. Robinson. 15 days and 15
hours from Panama, via Acapulco S da>3 and
9 hours.
Stmr Scotia, Walvlg. 20 hours from Rock
port.
U S stmr Egbert. Hawes. 3 days and 3 hours
from Seattle.
Stmr Newburg. Peterson. 63 hours from Grays
Harbor.
Stmr Walla Walla. Hall. 62 hours from Vic
toria and Puget Sound ports.
Bark Wallace B Flint. Shaube. 28 day» from
Honolulu.
Scbr Rio Rey, Johnson, 23 hours from Bowena
Landing.
Schr Ralph Long. Islgkeit. 43 hours from
Frankport.
CLEARED.
Wednesday, August 15.
Stmr Slam. Xlyga. Manila, via Honolulu and h
Guam: U S Government.
Stmr Columbia. Doran. Astoria; Oregon Rail
road end Navigation Co.
Br ship Pegasus. Bailey. Queenstown; J Ep
plnger & Co.
Hay, Beans and Fcedsiuffs as before.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables plentiful and weak.
Butter firm, Eggs steady and Cheese getting firmer.
Poultry and Game about the* same.
All Fmits in free supply. Lemons lower.
Zinfahdel Wine Grapes offering.
Dried Fruits firm, Apricots and Peaches leading.
Nothing new in Provisions.
Local stocks and bends quiet.
Sih-cr end Exchange about the same.
Wheat and Barley dull and easy.
Oais and Com firm and Rye dull.
NEW TORK, Aug. 15.— Demand for evapor
ated apples continues light, but as there was
very little disposition to sell the market retains
its Bteadlness of undertone at old basis of
operations.
STATE EVAPORATED APPLES— Common,
3t?5c; prime, 4%(g5'iic; choice, 6ft@6c; fancy,
6\@7c.
California dried fruits were inactive and nomi
nal.
PRUNES— 3ft@7c per lb, as to size and
quality.
APRICOTS— Royal. ll@14c: Moorpark, 15@17c.
PEACHES— Peeled, 14igl8c; unpeeled. 6g9c.
Dried Fruit in Neiv York.
WHEAT— Receipts, 173,200 bushels; exports.
7774 bushels. Spot, easy; No. 2 red, 7S%c ele
vator and Slftc f.o.b. afloat; No. 1 Northern
Duluth. 86%o f.o.b. afloat; No. 1 hard Duluth,
65 %o f.o.b. afloat. Options were steady
at first, and afterward rather firm on persist
ent strength in corn, coupled with local cover
ings, fairly large seaboard clearances and a
small Southwest movement. They eased oft
with corn and closed easy at ftc net less.
Septeml-er, 75<K©S0 3-16e, closed 79Hc; Decem
ber, 81 ll-16@S2Vic. closed SlSic
HOPS— Dull.
HIDES— Firm.
WOOL-Dull.
COFFEE— Spot Rio easy; No. 7 Invoice. 8T4o:
mild, quiet: Cordova, normal. Futures closed
C@10 points lower. Total sales, 16,750 bags,
including: August, $7 55; September, $7 55;
October J7 60; November, $7 "0; December,
SUGAR — Raw. firm; refined, firm.
BUTTER— Receipts. G697 packages; steady.
Creamer y. I7ft@2lc; current packed factory,
14(5 16c.
EGGS — Receipts. 9334 packages; steady.
¦Western, at mark. 10@13Hc for regular pack-
Ing; Western, loss off, 15V4c.
were quoted at $11, nominal. Tin was a shade
firmer here, but very quiet in sympathy with
a il advance for tin in London and. 10s for
futures. The local market closed firm at $31 iti
©31 .». Copper, both here and abroad, remains
unchanged. Lead ruled dull at $4 25 and
spelter ruled easy though not quotably lower
at $4 lift@4 22ft. Home consumption was very
small, as galvanizers have no orders to buy.
The production of copper for the month of
July amounted to 23.012 tons as against -SI. 433
tons for the same month a year ago. The
brokers" price for lead warn $4 and for copper
$16 02',*.
New York Grain and Produce.
* — _ *
NEW YORK, Aug. 15.— FLOUR— Receipts.
19.917 barrels; exports. 9019 barrels. Steady
and moderately active on small lots, chiefly
patents.
SUMMARY .OF THE MARKETS.
WEDNESDAY. Aug. 15-4 p. m.
Bid. Ask. Bld.Ask.
Alpha 08 09 Justice Co 07
Alta 03 03 Kentuck 01 03
Andes 03 10 Lady Wash 02 —
Belcher 16 17 Mexican 23 23
Best & Belcher. IS 20 Occidental 12 13
Bullion 04 05 Ophlr «. 67 53
Caledonia 65 63 Overman 03 09
Chollar 18 W Potosl 14 18
Challenge Con.. 24 25 Savage 12 14
Confidence 82 88 Scorpion 02 —
Con Cal 8c Va..l 35 1 40 Seg Belcher 03 04
Con Imperial... 01 02! Sierra Nevada. 37 33
Con New York. — 03] Silver Hill 56 58
Eureka Con — 50 St Louis.. — 18
Crown Point... 18 17|Standard 4 15 —
Exchequer — 03 Syndicate — 08
Gould & Curry. 16 17 Union Con 22 24
Hale & Norcrs. 22 23 Utah 06 07
Julia — 01 Yellow Jacket.. 32 33
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
300 Challenge Con.. 24] 50O Hale & Norcrs. 23
300 Challenge Con.. 28 S 200 Mexican 29
600 Chollar 15! SCO Ophlr 53
300 Chollar 18! SCO Potost 14
300 Chollar 17 llOCO Sierra Nevada. 37
200 Con Cal & V.I S7*» 200 Yellow Jacket.. 31
150 Con Cal & V...1 40 200 Yellow Jacket.. 33
200 Confidence 85 300 Yellow Jacket.. 33
500 Gould & Curry. 17
Afternoon Session.
300 Best & Belcher. 13! 300 Overman 09
200 Chollar 17 600 Savage 12
100 Con Cal & Va..l 40! 200 Yellow Jacket.. 33
200 Gould & Curry., 16 200 Yellow Jacket.. 32
200 Mexican 23 200 Yellow Jacket.. 31
Morning Session.
Following were the sales in the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday:
Afternoon Session.
400 Challenge 2.1 200 Occidental 13
250 Chollar 11 300 Ophlr 57
100 Con Cal <t Va..l 40 200 Sliver Hill 57
50 Con Cal & Va..l 35 £0 Union Con 23
ECO Lady Wash 03 500 Yellow Jacket.. 33
50 Best & Belcher. 19 20O Hale & Norcrs. 21
100 Best & Belcher. 20 800 Yellow Jacket. . 31
600 Chollar 15
Morning Session.
Following were the sales In the San Francisco
Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
MINING STOCKS.
Morning Session.
Board—
100 Yukon 82
100 Yukon 63
200 Yukon 60
600 Cal Standard 35
Afternoon Session.
Board —
200 Twenty-Eight 1 25
50 Home Oil 4 65
250 Home Oil 4.0
Board—
$10,000 Contra Costa Water Bonds 106 CO
100 Equitable Gas 3 37ft
465 Honokaa S Co 29 50
25 Hutchinson S P Co 25 00
50 Hutchinson S P Co. 24 73
10 Kilauea Sugar P Co 20 50
40 Makawell S Co 44 75
45 Market Street Railway 64 00
5«gdutual Electric Light 10 25
2i")iK* > aauhau S P Co 30 00
50 S F Gas & Electric Co 63 50
35 S F Gaa & Electric Co 53 37ft
6 S F Gas & Electric Co 53 25
PRODUCERS* OIL EXCHANGE.
Board
20 Contra Costa Water CS 25
50 Equitable Gas 8 S7ft
60 Hana Plantation Co 7 87ft
55 Honokaa S Co 29 50
100 Makawell 44 60
20 Makawell 44 62ft
40 Onomea Sugar Co 26 00
40 Paauhau S P Co 30 00
tO S F Oaa & Electric Co 53 50
Afternoon Session.
Morning Session.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
WEDNESDAY. Aug. 15—2 p. m.
' . i*:d..'VSk. . • Btrl.AflK.
U f Bonds— , Eqult G L Co 3>4 3ft
4s quar coup^lloVjllfiu Mutual El Co. 10 —
4s do reg 115H116H O G L & H... — M
4s do op new.. 132^13.'?^ Pac Gas Imp. 51 52
5s quar coup..l09V«110V« Pac L Co 44<4 —
Miscellaneous— Sa<* KlG.tP<-o. T. — .
fal-st Tab as»..ll<;i; — S F O & E... 53}* 53ft
C C Water 53.105% — San Francisco. 5 5>i
Kd L & 1' bd.I2i?i — rlKii O i K Cu In —
F & Cl Ry 6s.. 115 — Insurance —
Geary-st R 0s. — 93 Flrem's Fund. 227 —
H C & S 5%s. — — Hank Stork."—
Do 6b — 104 Anglo-Cal Ltd. 6S —
L A Ry 5s 106ftl07!i Bank of Cal.. — 412ft
L A Li «_o (is. — — Lai S 1> & T..104H —
Do entd 6s.. — — First Nationl.275 —
L A gntd 5s.. — 102ft Lon P & A. ...134ft —
L A P K R as. — - Merchants" Ex 15 —
Market-Bt 6s. ..123 — N'ev Nat Bk.. — —
Do 1st M 6s.ll8% — Savings Banks—
X C N G K J». - — Ger S He L...1890 —
N R of Cal 6s.li* — Hum S & L.. — —
Do is 113% — Mut Pav Bk.. 45 —
NPCRR 6s.li)l — SFSav U....507 —
Do os 108 107 Sav & L. So... 7* 73
N Cal Ry 5*..lUVi — dec Sav Bk — ¦ —
Oak O I. & H.111 'i? Cnion T Co — —
Oak Trans 6s. 117 IIS Street Railroads-
Dak W CngtdSs — 103 California ....123 —
Oceanic S Co.l06VilC6V4 -r»rv-«t w» —
Om C Ry 6s. ..127 129 Market-st 64 —
P & Cl Ry 6s.lrt3H — O S L & H — 45
P & O R R 6s.ll5 — Presidio — «ft
Powell-(>t R 6s.12i) — Powder Stocks—
Fee El G*RSs. o« mi California ....!» l«ft
S F & SJV 6S.119U120 Giant Con Co. S5% 86ft
(- j< of oil iss.iii iiih Vigorlt 3U 3*4
S P of A 6s... — 111% .»u-ar Stocks—
b H c 6s(13O5). — ill Hana S P Co. 7%. 8
Do (1908) .... — 112% Haw C A S •'<> «'• -
Do (1512) 118% — Honokaa S Co. 29ft —
EPKCW Ktn5s. - — Hutch S P Co. 24ft 24%
S P Br 6s 132% — Kilauea SP Co 20H —
S V Water 6s. 115ft — Makawell S Co 44% 43
Do 4s — 103 Onomea S Co. 26ft 26ft
Do 3d mt~..102 — Paauhau S Co. 30 —
Stocktn Gas 6s 99ft — Miscellaneous—
Water Stocks— Al Pack Assn.llS 119
Contra Costa.. C8ft 6S%fCal Fruit Assn »7«4 —
Marin County. 51ft — Mfr Ex A««n. «7 I'M
Spring Valley. 94ft 95 Oceanic S Co.. 92% 93
Uas & Klectrlc— Pac A F A 2 —
Pent <¦"> *: L Co — — Pac C Bor Col50 —
Cent L & P Co 4 5ft Par" Paint Co.. 13 —
TO SAIL.
LIVERPOOL, Aug. 15.— Wheat, quiet; No. 1
Standard California, 6s 4d@6s 4%d; French
country markets, quiet; weather in England,
splendid.
COTTON— Uplands, 5 17-32d.
CLOSING.
WHEAT— Spot, dull; No. 2 red Western win
ter, 6s 2Ud; No. 1 Northern spring, 6s 3Hd;
No. 1 Caflfornla. 6s 4d@6s 4^d. Futures,
steady: September. 6s Hd; December, 6s 1 / id.
CORN— Spot, firm: American, new. 3s lid;
American, old, 4s Vid. Futures, firm; Septem
ber, 3s ll%d; October. 3s U%d; No. 4, 3s ll%d.
LONDON, Aug. 13.— Consols, 99; silver,
23 l-16d. Wheat cargoes on passage, very in
active; Walla Walla, 29s 9d; English country
Foreign Markets.
TACOMA. Aus. 13.— Wheat quiet and un
changed. Bluestem, 5!>ci club, 66c.
WASHINGTON.
PORTLAND, Aug. 15. — WHEAT — Walla
Walla, 55c; -valley, B4@55c; bluestem, 58a
Cleared— British bark Nlthsdale for Europe
with lOUOii bushels wheat.
OREGON.
Northern Wheat Market.
PORTLAND, Aug. 15.-Clearlngs, $274,861;
balances, $31,772.
Portland's Business.
NEW YORK, Aug. 15.— The market for cotton
futures opened barely steady, with prices 106
points lower and ruled generally weak during
the afternoon, owing to bear aggression, and
absence of anything like bull defense. The
close was steady, with August one point, other
months D@8 points higher.
New York Cotton Market,
To all outward appearances the market is con
siderably quieter than it was a week ago. It
is intimated In certain quarters that there has
been more actual 'buying during the last week
than appeared on the surface, a number of per
sons being engaged in picking up wool in the
quietest manner possible. According to most
accounts, however the situation could not be
much duller than it has been. The manufac
turers have apparently been much In evidence.
The mills appear to be governing their pur
chases of wool entirely in accordance with their
present actual needs. Prices are steady.
Sales of the week in Boston amounted to
2.212.S0O pounds domestic and 25.000 pounds for
eign, a total of 2,237,800, against a total of
3.348,600 rounds for the previous week and a
total of D.366.000 pounds for the corresponding
week last year. The sales since January 1
amount to 83,137,500 pounds, against 175.S73.000
pounds for the corresponding time last year.
BOSTON, Aug. 15.— The American Wool and
Cotton Reporter will say to-morrow:
Boston Wool Market.
21,000, estimated; left over, 6500; good light,
firm; heavy packing, weak; top, $5 37%; mixed
and butchers, $4 S5®5 30: good to choice heavy.
t5@5 27%: rough heavy, $4 75@4 95; light, Jo 050
u 37H: bulk' of sales, $5<g*5 70.
SHEEP— Receipts, 14,000; sheep, steady to
slow; lamts, 10c to 15c higher; good to choice
wethers. $4 25@4 40; fair to choice mixed, $3 votf
4 20; Western sheep. t4S4 40: Texas sheep. iZ'0
4; native lambs. $4 25©6; Western lambs, $4 7d»*
Flour, qr sks . 1.4SO Hay. tons 710
Wheat, ctls S4.5S2 Hops, bales 42
Barley, ctls 7,870 Wool, bales 73
Oats. ctls.... 740 Hides. No... 1,133
Cheese, ctls... 232 Eggs, doz 13,620
Butter, ctls.. 22S Pelts, bdls | 255
Potatoes, sks..... ¦ 4.S39 Sugar, bbls 50
Onions, sks 625 Wine, sals..*...... 34,500
Bran. sks. 200 Leather, rolls 87
Mustard, sks 351 Quicksilver, fisks 40
FOR WEDNESDAY. AUGUST 15.
Receipts of Produce.
BAGS— San Quentln Bags, $5 65; Calcutta
Grain Bags. B%c: Wool Bags. 2SV4@32&c; Fleece
Twine. VAc; Fruit Bags. GVi<g6%c for white and
8^4@S%c for bleached Jute. - . ,
COAL— Wellington, ?9 per ton; Southfleld
Wellington, $9; Seattle, $7; Bryant, $6; Coos
Bay. $5 50; Wallsend, $9; Co-operative Wall
send. $9; Cumberland. $12 In bulk and $13 25 in
sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $14; Can
nel, $11 per ton; Coke, $16 per ton in bulk and
$18 In sacks; Rocky Mountain descriptions, $8 45
per 2000 lbs. and $8 60 i>er ton. according to
brand.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refllnlng Com
pany quotes, per.lb, ln,100-lb bags: Cubes, A
Crushed and Fine Crushed, 6.50c; Powdered,
6.10c: Candy Granulated. 6.10c: Dry Granulated.
Cc; Confectioners' A. 6c: Magnolia A. 5.60c:
Extra C, 5.50c; Golden C, 5.40c; barrels, 10c
more; half-barrels, 25c more; boxes. 50c more;
60-lb bags, 10c more. No orders taken for less
than 75 barrels or Its equivalent. Dominos,
half-barrels. 6.75c: boxes. 7c per-lb.
CORDAGE — The local cordage company
quotes as follows: Pure Manila, 13c per lb;
Sisal sizes and bale rope, 9Y 2 c: Duplex, 8Hc.
Terms, 60 days, or l\k per cent cash discount.
TAXBARK— Ground, $25028 per ton; Stick.
$18 per cord.
General Merchandise.
BEEF-5@«c per lb for fair to choice.
VEAL— Large, 7@8c; small, 8%@9%c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. 7%@Sc; ewes. 7@7%c per
pound.
LAMB— Spring. 8H@9c per lb.
PORK— Live Hogs. 6ifj6V4c for small. 5%Sf5T4c
for medium and 5^@.b%c for large; stock Hogs
and feeders, 5<^@5%c; dressed Hogs, 8@S^c.
San Francisco Meat Market.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about lc under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers, 9%c; medium. 8%c; light. 8%c; Cow
hides. SV4c; Stags, 6c; Salted Kip. 8c; Calf. 9c;
Dry Hides, sound, 15c; Dry Kip, 15c; Dry Calt.
15c; culls and brands, 12c; Sheepskins. Shear
lings, 20@30c each; short Wool 30S?50c each;
medium, 60@80c; long Wool. 90c@$l 10 each;
Horse Hides, salt, $2@2 25 for large. $1 75 for
medium. Jl for email and 50c for colts; Horse
Hides, dry. $1 50 for large, $1 25 for medium,
$1 for small and 25ig50c for colts. Deerskins-
Summer or red skins, 35c; fall or medium
skins, 30c; winter or thin skins. 20c. GoatskinB —
Prime Angoras. 75c; large and smooth, 50c;
medium, 35c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 4@4&c per lb; No.
2. 3iQ>3%c; grease, 2®2^c.
WOOL— Spring clia is quotable as follows:
Northern free, 15016c; Northern, defective, 12@
14c; Middle County, free. 14@16c; Middle Coun
ty, defective, 12@14c; Southern Mountain, 12
months', ll(S12c: Southern Mountain, free, 7
months'. 10@12c; Southern Mountain, defective.
7 months*. 9<gllc; Humboldt and Mendodno.
16S17c; Nevada. 13@16c per lb.
Fall Clio— San Joaquln, 8@10c; do Lambs',
8@9%c; Humboldt and Mendodno, 10@12c;
Mountain, 9@10c per lb.
HOPS — Old, nominal at EglOc per lb; new.
10® 12c.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. lO^c per lb for
heavy. He for Sight medium, 12V6C for light. 13c
for extra light and H&c for sugar cured. East
ern sugar-cured Hams, 13c; Mess Beef, $12 per
bbl; extra Mess, $13; Family. $14; extra Prime
Pork. $15 50; extra clear, $19; Mess, $16 50;
Smoked Beef. 12M:@13c per lb.
LARD— Tierces quoted at 7c per lb for com
pound and 9c for pure; half-barrels, pure, 9}4c;
10-lb tins. 9*ic: 5-lb tins, 9%c.
. COTTOLENE— One-half barrel. 8%c; thre*
half-barrels, S%c; one tierce. 8?4c; two tierces,
S^c; five tierces. 8%c per lb.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
Provisions.
The tendency in all^ fruits Is upward, but
Apricots still lead, with Peaches a good second.
Prices for Prunes are, expected any day now.
NEW CROP— Prunes, nominal; Apricots, 6@
8c for Royals and 9@10%c for Moorparks;
Evaporated Apples, 5@6c; sun-dried. 3@3y&c.
Peaches, 6@5%c f Or standard, 6c for choice and
7c for fancy; Pears, 5@7y£c; Plums, pitted,
5@6c; unpltted. lgl^c; Nectarines, 4@5c for red
and E@6c for white.
RAISINS — Bleached Thompson's fancy, per
lb, 10c; choice, 9c; standard, 8c; prime, 6c; un
bleached Thompson's, per lb, 6c. Sultanas-
Fancy, per lb. 8%c; choice. 7Vfcc: standard, 6%c:
prime, 5c; unbleached Sultanas, . 5c; Seedless,
JO-lb boxes, 5c; 2-crown loose Muscatels, 5V£c;
3-crown, 6Vlc; 4-crown, 7c; London layers, 2
crown. il BO per box; 3-crown, %1 60. Fancy
Clusters, $2; Dehesa. $2 50; Imperial, $3. All
prices f. o. b. at common shipping points in
California.
NUTS— Walnuts, 8@10%c for standards and 9
®llc for softshells; new Almonds, HHGUVic
for paper shell, 9>4@10c for soft and &tf7c for
hardshell; Peanuts, 6<36V4c for Eastern and
&<S6c for California; Brazil Nuts. ll©124c; Fil
berts, 12@13o; Pecans, ll@13c; Cocoanuts. $3 50
©a.
HONEY— Comb. 13@14c for bright and 12S
12Hc for light amber; water white, extracted,
7V4@'7%c; light amber, extracted, 6Vi@6%c; dark,
5Vi©6c per lb.
BEESWAX— 24@26c per lb.
The market continues heavily supplied, espe
cially with inferior Peaches and Pears in bulk,
and prices for both are lower. At the same
time fine large . Pears are bringing $25 per ton
and choice Peaches show little decline. ¦ • ¦ '
Grapes and Melons are still affected by the
cold weather. Berries are not materially
changed.
The value of the 108 barrels pickled Royal
Anne Cherries shipped to Cincinnati by Tues
day's steamer was $3240. It is said that one
firm alone will ship 75 cars of this fruit to the
Kast before the season is over. This business
promises to be a great thing for Royal Anne
Cherries for some years, unless the Manhattan
cocktail goes, out of stvle.
Lemons are lower.
Zlnfandel "Wine Grapes are offering at $25 per
ton.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS
APPLES—25#50c per box for common and
6flc@Jl for good to choice; Crabapples, 23@S5c
per small box and 50<g65c per large box.
PEARS— Bartletts, 23@73c in boxes and $15®
25 per ton in bulk.
QUINCES— 35(2500 per box.
RASPBERRIES— 13@7 per chest.
nLACKBERRlES-M®5 per chest.
HUCKLEBERRIES — 5c per lb.
FIGS— 35®50c for single and 75@S5c for double
layer boxes.
NECTARINES— White, 33®C0c per box; red.
35®65c.
PLUMS — 2O@4Oc per box and crate: in bulk.
ilO®15 per ton; Prunes, 25<g50c per crate; Egg
Plums, $10<515 per ton.
STRAWBERRIES— $2 50@5 per chest for large
and $5@T for small berries.
PEACHES— 20@50c per box and 25®60c per
basket; in bulk, $12 50020 per ton for freestone
and $10323 for clings; Mountain Peaches, GO®
60c per box.
GRAPES— Fontainebleau. 35@5Oc per cra te;
Muscats. 50@75c per crate; Seedless, 40@60c per
crate; Sweetwater, 33060c; black. 40@75c; To
kay, 4CKft75c.
MELONS— Nutmegs, 25@50c per case; Canta
loupes. £0c#$l 25 per crate; Watermelons, $o!g)
16. with extra large 8t $20@25 per 100.
CITRUS FRUITS— Valencia*. $2@3; Lem
ons, $1 50@2 for common and $2 50@3 50 for good
to choice; Mexican Limes, $6 50<£r7; Bananas,
$1 25@2 M per bunch; Pineapples, $1 50@3 £0 per
dozen.
Dried Fruits. Nuts and Raisins.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
is a steadier feeling, as the North is now draw
ing on this market. The outlook is for more
activity in these goods.
Errs are steady and unchanged and there is
no lack of supplies. ' " ofs.;
BUTTER-
Creamery— Fancy Creamery. 24®25c: seconds,
23@23&c. - •
Dairy— Fancy. 22Hc: good to choice. 20@22c;
common. 15@18c.
Creamery tub— 20c per lb.
Pickled roll-20c.
Firkin— lS@20c.
CHEESE-New, 9®9%c; old. 8®8i4c: Young
America, 10®10%c; Eastern, lZ\i@Uc; "Western,
10(g'12c per lb.
EGGS— Quoted at 15@Wc for store and 21®
24c per dozen for ranch; Eastern, U\i@lSc
ore crushed in July with 220 stamps, yielding
$29,GS7, and 456 tons sulphurets saved, valued at
$10,660. The gross yield was $43,838. showing an
average of $1 69 per ton. The working expenses
were $35,336.
THE SAN FRANGISCO CALL, THURSDAY, AUGUST 16, 1900.
Shipping Intelligence.
Continued on Page Thirteen.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
Foreign Futures.
THURSDAY. AUGUST 16.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey —
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The. high and low waters occur at
the city front iMlsslon-street wharf) about
twenty- five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide Is the same at both places.
10
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL NEWS
Steamer.
From.
Due.
NewburB Grays Harbor Aus. 18
Crescent City .. Crescent City Aug. 18
Matteawan Tacoma Ausr- 1*
Sequoia .........|San Pedro... Augr. 16
pel Norte Portland Aug. IT
Point Arena.... Point Arena An*. 17
Eureka Humboldt Auk. 17
Bonlta Newport Aug. IT
Grace Dollar... Grays Harbor Aug. 17
Hongkonjr Maru China and Japan Aug. IS
State of.Cal... 1 . Portland A us. IS
Proitreso Tacoma Aug. IS
Tltanja Xnnaimo An*. 1<
Rival ITVillapa Harbor Aug. 15
Victoria lOyster Harbor.. Aug. IS
Empire |Coos Bay.. Aug. 13
Peru [Sew York... Aujc. U
ArcaU .ICcos Bay..... Auk. 19
Orizaba IHumboldt Aug. 19
Santa Rosa San Diego Aug. 19
Tanls. Hamburg Aug. 3)
Umatllla ....... Victoria Aug. 20
North Fork..... Humboldt Aug. Jl
Coos Bay Newport Aue. 21
Sun rises 5:25
Sun sets 7:02
Moon sets 10:29 p. m.
« Time Time Time Time
a Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
ft H W L.W H TV LW
1$ ... 4:04 4.2 9:01 2.4 3:40 5.7 10:40 0.5
17 ... 5:24 3.9 10:00 2.8 4:33 5.6 11:52 0.3
18 ... 6:4a 3.9 ll:0!> 3.0 5:34 5.7
1/ W H W L W H W
19 ... 1:00 0.0 7:53 4.1 12:23 3.2 6:38 5 7
20 ... 1:59-0.2 8:58 4.4 1:32 3.1 7:39 5.7
21... 2:49—0.3 9:44| 4.6 2:33 2.9 8:38 5 7
22... 3:34—0.3 10:25| 4.9 3:23 2.7 »:30 5 7
Steamer.
I Destination.
Salts
| Pier.
Columbia ..'Portland Aug. 16. 11 anvPler 21
Orizaba ...[Humboldt Auk. IS. 2pm|Pler »
Corona .... San Diesro Aup. 17. 11 amjPier 11
Eureka .... Humboldt Aug. 13. 10 am'Pler 1!
San JoM...:.N>wYork Aug. IS. 12m!PMSS
Newburg .. Grays Harbor Aug. 19, 5 pmiPier 13
Bonlta Newport Auk. 19. SamPier U
Walla Wai. (Victoria Aug. 19, UanvPler 3
Czartna ....Seattle Auer. 20. 11 am Pier 11
Pt. Arena.. IPoInt Arena.. Aug. 2<>. 3 pm. Pier 2
Del Norte.. Portland Aug. CO. 8am!Pler M
Gaelic China & Japan Aug. 21. 1 pna'PMSS
State Cal.. Portland (Aur. 21. 11 ami Pier 24
Santa RosalSan Dleso L\ng. 21, 11 amjPier 11
IV-mona ...iHv.mboMt lAusr. 21. 2pm>Pter 9
Arcata ) Coos Bay |Aug. 21. 12m|Plerl3
Australia ..I Honolulu f Aug. 22. 2 pm|Pier 7
Coos Bay.. I Newport JAus- 23. aam'PUTlt
Xorth ForkiHumboUlt (Aug. 24, 12 m, Pier 2
OCEAN TEAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
DIRECT.
The New and Palatial Steel Steamship
s:Ensr-A.rro:R.
WILL SAIL FROM
SEATTLE AND TACOMA
ON Oft ABOUT
SEPTEMBER 2d and 27th.
Passengers are advised to Inspect the Senator
before purchasing tickets via .other steamers,
as her second class and steerage accommoda-
tions are superior to the first class accommo-
dations on most of the steamers advertised for
Nome. The Pacific Coast Steamship Co. has ,
been running Its steamers to Alaska — winter
and summer — for 23 years, and is the Pioneer
Pacific Coast Line. For further information
inquire of H. H. LLOYD. Ocean Dock. Seattle,
Wash.; N. POSTON. 24'J Washington St.. Port-
land. Or.; W. PARRIS. 124 West Second St..
Los Angeles. Cal.; GOODALL. PERKINS A
CO., Gen. Agts.. 10 Market st. TICKET OF-
FICE— 4 Xew Montgomery St.. San Francisco.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
m^ Steamers leave Broadway
>w wharf, San Francisco:
Fcr Alaskan iv.rta— 11 a.
KiWiTOfty m.. August 19, 34. 2.>. Sept. 3.
lJS^2i%L Change to company's steam-
lav *15\w^ er * at Seattle. • r
Blra^Slt 3-9n F ' or Victoria. Vancouver
CpJatVJ^iEffi 1 < (B. CA Port Townsend. So-
C^^^^Rsllljfti attle. Tacoma. Kverett. Ana-
cortes and New Whatcom
(Wash.)— II a. m., August
13. 24, 23. Sept. 3. and every fifth day there-
after. Change at Seattle to this company's
steamers for Alaska ami G. X. R'y: at Seattle
or Tacoraa to N. P. R'y; at Vancouver to C.
P. R'y.
For. Eureka. Humboldt Eay— 2 p. m.. Augu?t
16, 21. 26. 31. Sept. 5. and every fifth day
thereafter.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey. San Simeon. Cayu-
cos. Port Harford (San Luis Obispo). Gavlota.
Santa Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme. San Pedro.
Kast San Pedro (Los Angeles) and Newport— 9
a. m.. August 19, 23. 27, 31. Sept, 4, and every
fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Obispo), Santa Barbara. Port
Los Angeles and Redondo <Lo» Aneeles) — 11
a. m.. August 17. 21. 25. 29, Sept. 2, and every
fourth day thereafter.
For Ensensda. Magdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz, Santa Rosn-
lia and Guaymas (Mexico)— 10 a. m.. 7th of each
month.
For further information obtain company's
folders.
The company reserves the right to chance
steamers, sailing dates and hours of sailing
without previous notice.
TICKET OFFICE— 4 Xew Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agents,
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
THE 0. B. & N. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
FO PLTILi J± IX ID
From Spear-street Wharf at 11 A. AT.
PARC $12 First Class Including Berth
¦ Hue $3 Second Class and Meals.
STATE OF CALIFORNIA sails
August IL 21, SI
COLUMBIA sails August 18. 23, Sept. S
Short line to Walla Walla. Spokane. Butte.
Helena and all points In the Xorthwest-
Through tickets to all ocints East. _Jk
E. C. WARD, General Agent. J
6C0 Market st. '
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.,
Superintendents. — *:
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL. LEAVE WHARF, COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. ra..
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for In-
dia, etc. No cargo received on board, on day
of salltrs.
SS. HONGKONG MARTJ
Wednesday. August 29. 13C0
SS. NIPPON MARU
Saturday. September IS. 1300
ES. AMERICA MARir.. Wednesday. Oct. 17. 1900
Via Honolulu.
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's of3c<\
421 Market street, corner of First.
W. H. AVERT. General Agtat.
AMERICAN LINE.
• «TW TOTtK. 8CTJT3AMPT05. LOJTOOJT. PASTS.
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York Ererv Wednesday. 10 a. m.
St. Louis August Ef St. Loufs Sept. 13
New Tcrk.... August 23 New York Sept. 19
St. Paul Sept. 5.' St. Paul Sept. 29
RED STAR LINE.
New York and Antwerp.
From New York Every Wednesday. 12 noon.
Noordland ...August 2Cl Westemland ...Sect. 13
Kriesland ....Aorust 29 Kensington ....Sept. f»
Southwark Sept. 5!Noordland S<mt.M
INTERN ATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..<
30 Montgomery Street.
C0M7AGWTC GENFRALS TRAS3ATLAST1QC3.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. j^j^.
Sailing every Thursday. Instead of <$£$&
Saturday, from November 2. 1S33. at v
1ft am from Pier 41. North River. fr»o« «,\
Morton str«">t. LA IX>RRAINE. August 23;*La 1
TO1JRAIN-K, Aun« 30: UAQUITAIXE. Se C T. F
«• LA FP.ETAGNE. Sept. 13. First class to
lia\-re **; 50 and upward. Second class to
Havre' £55 and upward: S per cent reduction on
round' triTV OEXF.RAt AGENCY FOR
l'XITED STA.TES and CANADA. 32 Broadwa-v
(Hudson building). New York. J. F. FUOAZI.
& CO.. Pnclflc Coast Agents. 5 Montgomery ave-
nue. San Francl.'co.
OCEANIC S. S. CO.— HOXOI.TTT.U. APIA
AICKIAXD AND SYDXEY.
S S. AUSTRALIA (Honolulu only)
Wednesday. August 21. 2 p. m.
S. S MARIPOSA (via Honolulu), to New
Zealand and Australia Wed.. Sept. 5,8 p.m.
I. D. SPXECKELS & BROS. CO.. Agts.. ?I4 Mantqomerj
Pier 7. Foot Pacific St Freight Office, 32? l&ufcet SL
I/nOllftO I IMC HATHOR ....KOOtena
KOSmllb LINE ss^Sssis
• ABY1X)S 4000 ton*
Monthly Sailing for Valparaiso and Hamburg,
via Mexican ports. Central and South
America, etc.
S. S. Tants, 4.VH> tons, snils about August "S.
J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO Agents.
114 Montgomery 3t. Pier No. 7— Freight office.
227 Market st.. San Francisco.
BAY AND BXVKR STEAMERS-
;;;fcb o. s. rayyyard ahd^ile!
Steamer "Montlcello." *, J
MOS.. Tues.. Wed.. Thurs. anil Sat. atjai J i
a. m.. 3:15. &:ZO o. m. (es-Thurs. nignt>i J^--
days 1 p. m. and 8:30; Sundays. 13:30 a. ra., S
p. m. Landing and office. Mission-street Dock.
Pier No. 2. Telephone Main UGS.
FARE ...*•¦Susan ville Votes to Incorporate.
SUSANVILLfi. Aug. 15.— At a special
election to-day Susanville .voted three to
one to Incorporate as a city, of the sixth
class. The following non-partisan ticket
was elected:
Trustees-J. H. Rlley, J. E. Pardee, H. W.
Meylert, J. E. Humphrey and C. E. Emerson.
Marshal— H. W. Edwards.
Treasurer — Marcus Schrcldt.
Clerk — W. T. Maaten.
Thus Susanville enters on a new era and
with a better class of building in the
course of . erection. With the additional
fire protection the Incorpatlon is designed
to give, disastrous flres should be a thing
of the oast-
Licensed to Marry.
OAKLAND. Aug. 15.— A marriage li
cense was Issued to-day to James Madi
son Newhard. 22 years of age. Oakland, to
Edith Estelle Small.- IS. San Francisco.
PEINSLO TIRED OF WAR.
DiE^isted With Kxueer.
Says a Majority of the Boers Are
CAPE TOWN, Aug. J5.-Commandant
Prinflo, who sum-ndered to General
Hunter, July 30. has arrived here. He
«>'» he is heartily tired of »he war and
welcomes' the prospect of peace. The com
ma noant added that a majority of the
IJoers were "disgusted with President
Kruger."
fmes G. Stowe, the United States Con
'J^neral, has returned here. Only ten
n were In the perty which attacked
his train. The remainder of the com
mand were forelgrm-rs. Mr. Stowe says
tlie majority of the Boers desire a cessa
tion of hostilities.
Artist Yelland's Estate,
OAKLAND, Aug. 1'..— George C. Meeker
has been appointed administrator of the
ertate of It. D. Veliand. tho late well
known art'.M. with a bond of $3000.
Matches Blaze in Man's Pocket.
OAKLAND, Aug. 15.-Matches^carrled
by Milton T. Vamlerslice of San Francis
co in his vest pocket nearly caused him
to be severely burned last evening while
on a visit to his sister, Mrs. A. V. John
son, of Peralta Heights. Accidentally ig
niting the matches set flre to vand«.
.slice's clothing and but for the prompt
action of members of the family he would
have been seriously burned.
STRANGE STORY
OF PRISON FEUD
'¦,:* i ¦ v.'
OAKLAND. Aug. 15.— Frank
Fletz. an ex-convlct who
was found guilty of stealing
tools from the Vandercook
quarry, made a tearful plea not to
be committed to San Quentln pris
on when he appeared before Judge ;
W: E. Greene for sentence this
morning. In dramatic tones he
told the court that he was for sev
eral years an Inmate of that insti
tution, and that while there he be
came involved in a deadly factional
feud, which Included many of the
most desperate men in the priBon. .
"If you send me to San Quentln, .
Judge." he pleaded, "either I, will
be killed or I, will be compelled to *
commit murder In self-defense.
Please send me to Folsom."
Judge Greene replied that he had
been Informed of the overcrowded
condition of Folsom prison, and"
Imposed upon Fietz a sentence of
four years at San Quentln.
OAKLAND. Aug. 15.— Mrs. Rose K.
Sllva of Ilaywards appeared before Judge
Hall to-day In an effort to show cause
why she should not relinquish her
guardianship of Louisa Mathias, the t»n
year-old daughter of Mrs; Louisa Schnor
enberg. The child has lived with the
Silva family for seven years, but was not
formally adopted by Mrs. Sllva until
about a month ago.
In court this morning Mrs. Sllva de
clared that Mrs. Sehnorenberg was not
financially able to provide a proper home
for. her little daughter. In reply Judge
Hall said that poverty could not be urged
as a reason for separating mother and
child. A continuance was granted for one
week. •.
MUST NOT SEPARATE
MOTHER AND CHILD
OAKLAND, Aug. 15.— William Brown,
watchman at the Southern Pacific yards
at -West Oakland, was savagely attacked
last night while on duty by a Newfound
land dog. The brute leaped upon the
watchman, tearing and biting him fierce
ly. Brown tried to beat the animal oft.
but was unsuccessful. Then he drew hw
pistol and shot it. The watchman has
been confined to his bed since the occur
rence. - •.
BADLY BITTEN BY
A SAVAGE DOG
ATTEMPT MADE TO BURN
THE FRUITVALE LOCKUP
< i OAKLAND. Aug. 15.-An attempt was
fcade early this morning to burn the
fruitvale Jail, a small wooden building
? ntaining iw.3 cells. Deputy Constable
Van AlBtein. who was asleep in the build
ing, was awaJaned about 5 o'clock by
clov.ds of thick smoke, which threatened
to fuffoccte him. Hastily making for the
open air the d-puty Constable discovered
that the fire was rapidly gaining headway.
After pondder&ble work the blaze was ex
llneuiehed The damage is small.
Deputy Con*t»ble Jerry Qulnlan. who
had th<? U-ckup built several months ago.
is of the opinion that the Incendiary was
eome one who had come under the ban
of the Fruitvale officers.
Divorces by Default.
OAKLAND. Aug. 15.— The defaults of
the defendants for failure to answer sum
mons have been entered In the following
suits for divorce: Frances Clarabelie
Seeds against Richard Albert Seeds. John
Anderson against Mary A. D. Anderson.
Annie Marguerite Merrick against* Wil
!iam Byron Merrick and A. I^oulse Robin
son against Jopeph George Robinson.
BERKELEY, Aug. 15.— The controversy
between Miss Marietta Hlgglns, a teacher
In the public schools, and tha Board of
Education was amicably settled last
night. Formerly Miss Higglns taught
the first grade, but this year was ap
pointed to the third grade, which she
considered a ¦ lowering of her standing
She asked for reinstatement to her old
position on the ground that the change
had been made through personal feeling.
George Phillips was directly responsible
for the change, but he declared that it
had not been made on account of any In
ability on the part of Miss Hlggins.
With the understanding that she Is to
have her old position next year. Miss
Hlggins withdrew her communication.
The lobby was filled with teachers and
others, who expected an exciting meeting.
CONTROVERSY IN SCHOOL
DEPARTMENT SETTLED
OAKLAND, Aug. 15.— A strong plea was
made to-day before Judge Greene by At
torney W. H. O'Brien for the release of
his client. Robert Melville, the "bay pir
ate.'* who was held to answer by Police
Judge Smith to a charge of burglary.
Melville's discharge was asked for on the
ground that he was held to answer with
out mention of a prior conviction and that
the information since prepared by the Dis
trict Attorney states the crime for which
he must stand trial in the Superior Court
to be "'burglary with a prior conviction."
Judge Greene denied Attorney O'Brien's
motion for a dismissal, but granted a con
tinuance for one week.
NOVEL PLEA MADE FOR
"BAY PIRATE" MELVILLE
SEVEN LIVES LOST BY
AN EXPLOSION OF GAS
Dwelling House in Chicago Totally
Destroyed and an Entire Fam
ily Perishes.
CHICAGO. Aug. 16.— Seven lives were
sacrificod early to-day by flre as the re
sult of an explosion of natural gas in
Thirty-fourth street, near State. The
dead:
DANIEL LEVL
MRS. DANIEL LEVI.
Two daughters and three eons of Mr.
and Mrs. Levi.
Within ten minutes after the flre was
dis-covered by a pedestrian and before the
Fire Department arrived, the building, a
two-story frame dwelling, was complete
ly destroyed.
CAUCUS HELD BY
NATIONAL INDEPENDENTS
INDIANAPOLIS, Aug. 15.— The "Na
tional Independents" to-night were en
gaged behind closed doors preparing the
statement which they will present to-mor
row morning on the floor of the antt-im
perlalist congress. Just »vhat they expect
to do or hope to accomplish through the
congress none of the gentlemen would dis
cuss.
The third ticket advocates held no ses
sion of their convention to-day, the dele
gates attending the liberty congress.
They say they will meet to-morrow and
may nominate a ticket, but nothing is
stated positively.
Jeffries Will Not Meet the Winner, of
FIGHT CALLED OFF.
the Sharkey-Fitzslmmons
Contest.
NEW YORK, Aug. 15. -There will be no
fight between the winner of the Sharkey-
Fltzsimrnons match and James J. Jeffries,
as was originally intended. Jeffries has
decided to declare this match off, as he
does not think there would any credit In
defeating a man who had another hard
battle In the same week. Again, the win
ner might not be. in condition to fight.
This would give Jeffries all his hard work
of training for nothing.
Jeffries was willing enough to fight some
good man before September 1. but. It is
said, he realizes that should he defeat
Fitzsimmons or Sharkey his victim would
claim that he was.out of condition.
McKinley Goes to Capital.
WASHINGTON. Aug. 15.— The arrival
of President McKJnley. to-morrow is
looked upon with great Interest in view of
the gravity of the Chinese crisis. The
Presidential party will be here to-morrow
morning and an extended conference be
tween the President. Secretary Root and
Acting Secretary Adee will be held.
Henry Bosse.
AUBURN. Aug. 15.— Henry Bosse, aged
husband of the woman burned to death
in a fire Monday In Edgewood district,
five miles from Auburn, grew suddenly
worse to-day and died from the effects of
his burns in great agony this evening. He
was a pioneer citizen of Placer County
and highly respected-
OAKLAND. Aug. 15.— Because of the
worn-out condition of the flood gates at
the Twelfth-street dam, there has been
much delay in emptying Lake Merritt of
water, as had been ordered by the City
Council. Street Superintendent Ott also
says it will be doubtful if the water can
be iowered three feet and a half as di
rected, because the Flulces are only three
feet below ordinary high tide mark. The
leaky condition of the gates will militate
against the work because they will not
resist the inflow of each floodtide.
Superintendent Ott is striving to find a
way out of his difficulty and says he be
lieves he will soon be able to drain the
lake to the required depth of three and a
half feet. The purpose of the drainage Is
to determine what portions of the lake
were not dredged to four feet of depth
at ordinary high tide. ; t ¦;.. ;•
DIFFICULTIES IN THE
WAY OF LAKE DRAINING
J. D. ARMSTRONG.
fr=3 LMHURST. Aug. 15.— J. D. Arm-
p 1^ strong, principal of the Elmhurst
I Public School and one of the lead
ers in the Woodmen of the
World, left here yesterday to attend
the head camp session of the Pacific
Jurisdiction of the Woodmen of the
World in Salt Lake City. Mr. Armstrong
goes as one of the three delegates repre
senting the district which embraces the
counties of Alameda, Contra Costa, Santa
Clara, Santa Cruz, Monterey, San Benlto
and San Luis Obispo. He was elected to
his present position at the convention
which met in San Jose on June 20.
Mr. Armstrong has been an ardent ad
vocate of ths order ever since his admis
pion into its ranks over seven years ago
and has succeeded in Instituting several
prosperous camps in various parts of the
State.
The members of Elm Camp of this
place, to which Mr. Armstrong belongs,
are very much gratified to have one of its
leading members achieve the high honor
of sitting in the Head Camp convention.
Selecting Delegates.
BERKELET, Aug. 15.— The Berkeley
Republican Club at its meeting last even
ing gave W. H. Waste permission to
name his own delegates to the convention
in hU Senatorial nght. A Waste club was
organized with John M. Foy president
and W. L. Overstreet secretary- Judge
H C. Barrow. C. E. Thomas. A. S. J.
Wood. B. F. Arnold rnd George D. Met
calf were appointed a committee to r :lect
delegates favorable to the candidacy of
Judges Ellsworth and Greene. Three del
egates to the State Convention wert*
named. They are James Oliver,. W. D.
Wooster and K. Wyckoff.
LIVERMORE. Aug. 15.— Fire destroyed
300 sacks of newly threshed barley on
the farm «f Otto Ramke yesterday af
ternoon. The grain was fully Insured.
Ramke Is unaMe to account for the flre,
but hints at incendiarism.
Grain Fire at Livennore.
5OME men become famous for the
silvery tones of their mellifluous
voices. Others gather the fruits of
renown for stalwart, muscular
achievement. Rarely are both found In
the same man. But there is a singer and
an athlete in this city at the present time
who is equally renowned for his prefec
tion of voice and the wonderful develop
ment of his muscles. He is no other than
Domenico Russo. the tenor of the Tivoli
Grand Opera Company.
Although R.isso is a small man In stat
ure he possesses muscles which in their
superb development make him the pride
of the operatic stage. He is both a fencer
and a*boxer— in fact, an all-around ath
lete, who can accommodate himself to all
manner of acrobatic exercises. With the
foils Russo Is reputed to be an adept of
great ability. His burning ambition is
to meet Profrreor Tronchet of the Olym
pic Club and try conclusions with him in
friendly bout. The extraordinary df-vel
opment of Russo's forearm Is the result
of work with the foil.
Recently, in a rehearsal of "Carmen"
at the Tivoli. Russo, who was p'aying th>
role of Don Jose, astonished everybody by
his wonderful strength. Tn the heavy
scenes with Carmen thla Don Jose, a 5
foot 4 inch man. astonished his co-actora
by literally throwing the by no means
sfight Carmer. from one end of the stage
to the other.
Russo. before he arrived In San Fran
cisco, was in Portland, where he put out
two noted local lightweights with great
ease. He is looking for air 1 kinds* of ad
venture in this city.
RUSSO EXHIBITING HIS WONXHHtFITL MTJSCHES.
TO GO AS DELEGATE
TO THE HEAD CAMP
0/\KL/\ND CLUB
BIQINS WOJRK
OAKLAND. Aug. 15.— The Oakland
Club began its work for the season
to-day, and the regular meeting of
the club was held to discuss plans.
JThe club intends to try and accomplish i
its playground plans this year and wants '
to secure legislation that will permit i
j Boards of Education to maintain vacation
schools.
Miss Voorhees, teacher of the cooking
clafses, was present at the meeting and ;
gave a report of the inauguration of her i
work, which began this morning at 10
o'clock. There were six ladies present and
two more on the list who were unable
to attend to-day. The regular lesson daya
at Fifth and Peralta streets are Wednes
days and Thursdays. The members of the
cooking class at present are: Miss Plaw,
i Miss liertha Suit. Miss H. E. Higglns.
! Miss Claribel Munsell. Miss Gurnee. Miss
Florence Hayden. Miss Grace McDonald
and Mrs. Robert Watt.
An article from a Minneapolis paper, on
the playground3 and parks of that city,
was read by Miss Craib, after which Mrs.
Goodcell ppoko in favor of allowing chil
dren to play on the grass In the parks. It
wa.9 decided to place the mitter before
the Board of Public Works and also to
consider later the advisability of working
lor legislation that would empower Boards
of Education to appropriate funds for the
rrnintenanee of vacation schools and
playgrounds.
The members of the Domestic Science
Department met at the close of the club's
rcRular session ami it was voted to hold
the weekly meetings of that department
hereafter each Wednesday at the same
time, instead of in the morning.
Miss Felton of th« Associated Charities
announced that Mrs. Faulkner of Los An
geles, a noted philanthropist, would be In
Oakland about the midtMe of next week
and would givo a lecture en juvenile
courts in the ohapel of ; the First Presby
terian Church. The exact date will be
announced later.
The ladies are much Interested In the
benefit to be eriven at the Macdonough
Theater Friday evening. A number of box
parties have already been made up, In
one of which are Mrs. E. T. Barber, Dr.
Barber, E. T. Barber Jr., Miss I<oulpe
Wakefield an.1 Mrs. William K. Spencer
of San Francisco. Mrs. Jame? Brooks and
party will occupy another box..
Oakland Office San Francisco CaJl,
111S Broadway, Aug. 15.
a A series of fights have been instituted
'*-">er the Assembly nominations since the
1 rims-.ry of Saturday last, at which the
c- legates to the Assembly convent ions
w«»re elected. J. C Crooks in the Forty-
Mxth District suddenly finds himself in
danger. Frederick C. Clift is to contest
the right of Dr. N. K. Foster to his ma
jority of 22 votes and Joseph Kelly, who
won by 41 votes In the Forty-eighth Dis
trict, is going to have a fight. The only
men who are really pafe are Joseph R.
Knowland of the Korty-seventh District,
whose record in the lai«t Legislature made
It Impossible for a.ny one to defeat him;
David McWade in the Forty-ninth and
James A. Bliss in the Fiftieth, who
a^ret-d to keep out of the Congressional
tigiit and divide on the County Commit
tee.
The reason for this fight is not so much
tf> control the Assembly nominations as
it is to force the division agreed upon on
the new County Committee. The dele
pates who nominate the Assemblymen
«rfU also 6*>lect the new County Commit
tee, and when Joseph Kelly broke into
the Forty-eighth Assembly District and
upset the agreement that had been made
ihruughoiu the county and carried off the
delegation tight developed all along the
line.
J. C. Crooks of Hajwards was prom
ised the nomination in th*» Forty-.«ixth
l»:strict, but now J. G. Mattos Jr. of Cen
t-rv:lle. a.n attorney and a very promi
r-nt man in his section, has suddenly de-
v. loped ;;.- a. candidate against Crooks.
When the agreement was made that
Crooks should have the nomination the
Nusbaumcr men named quite a number
of the delegates" upon his ticket, and
these delegates are now for Mattos. and
•il] try and beat. Crooks unless the rest
cf the "agreement is carried out in other
;<ort!or.s of the county.
!n the Forty-eighth District .the un
£^ -ig^i ticket, which was backed by
To uroh. will d»mand a recount as against
the 41 votes that the Kelly ticket secured
over them.
Frederick C. Clift to-day fll«*1 frith the
County Committee the following contest
cf the election cf the Dr. N. K. Foster
ticket:
To the Republican County Central Comnit-
te« of the County of Alam^«i&. California:
<nme« now Frederick O. '"lift, a. candidate :r
the nomination as Assemblyman in an>l for the
Fifty- first Arsemh'iy District, an"! hereby ch
j*-<ts to and contests the returns of each ar d
i-yfrv Board of Election in ea/-h and every pr-;
c'.nd tn the Firty-ftrBt Assembly District so
r«r a* «aid returns c<-n"ern the election of
delegates to the Assembly Convention in at 1
for tsald district, and uj>on the ground fo'.lov,
:r.(?. to wit:
That the tally sh^et in each of eald prectn<—i
tf-x'B not accord with the number ot ballca
cast in M.id respective prermcts. Wherefore
vnur petitioner hereby iVmatvis a reeountir.n
of the ballot* cast in each and all of said pr*
cinct* as provided by the call of your corr,
rnittee. and that after such recount that e«i< a
,; the delegate* voted for at each of caid pr-
clncts in 8aid AwmMy dlftrlet be recorded the
lotc to which they «nd each or them are Justly
er tilled. R*-*r*ctfutly submitted.
FREDERICK C. CLIFT. Contestant.
W B Pelouze. formerly Supervisor of
Alameda County, has announced himself
as an independent candidate for Supervi
sor in the Fifth District, "subject to no
convention or clique."
The date for the Republican County
ConreotSon will have to be changed^ as
the Democratic party has secured Ger
rr.ar.ia Hall for September L
Some of the Agreements Are Upset
and Contests Are Now the
Order of the
Day.
Politicians Are Struggling
ior the Organization
of the Party.
TRYING FOR THE
CONTROL OF THE
NEW COMMITTEE
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
HIS Broadway, August 15. j
The funeral of William R. Wheaton, son !
of Mr. and Mrs. George H. Wheaton, was j
held at the family residence on Lake I
street this afternoon. The services were '
conducted by Rev. John Bakewell. rector )
of Trinity Episcopal Church. The fol- i
lowing intimate friends of the deceased
acted as pall bearers: H. J. Knowles,
Arthur Goodall, E. L. Brayton, P. A.
Williams, George D. Greenwood, E. C.
Sessions Jr. The Temple Quartet, con
sisting of Alfred Wilkie, A. C Reed.
Ben Clark and George Curlton. sanK
"Farewell, We Meet no More" and
"Goodnight. 1 Am Going Home."
The residence was thronged with the
many friends of the bereaved parents, but !
at the interment only, the intimate
acquaintances of the deceased were pres
ent. It having been announced that the
burial would be private. Among those
present were: Charles D. Bates Jr., H.
F. Gordon, A. S. Macdonald, P. E.
Bowles. J. S. Adams, E. L. Adams, G.
W. Percy. Charles Goodall, R. G. Brown,
Samuel Bell McKee, G. R. Lukens, F. S.
Strattcn, A. Schilling, II. M. A. Miller,
Selby Martin and G. W. McNear.
Floral offerings of great beauty were
sent by many friends of the family. A
wreath of maidenhair fern and lilies of
the valley from Mrs. Edson F. Adams
and G. S. Wheaton, sister and brother r>f
the deceased, was suspended from the
door of the room where the casket lay,
while spray*, of Japanese lilies from j
them covered the casket.
Among the floral offering's were a bunch
of white carnations from Mrs. Henry
Adams, a spray of red roses and ferms
from Mrs. Beck, a bunch of pink carna
tions from Mrs. J. T. Wright; Mrs. P. K.
Bowles, bunch of white and pink carna
tions; Mrs. Greenwood, bunch of pink
lilies; Mrs. A. J. Ralston, wreath of I
maidenhair fern; Mrs. II. M. A. Miller,
spray of pink roses; Mrs. G. W. McNear,
bunch of lilies; Mrs. Henry Knowles,
bunch of white lilies; Mrs. J. Knowles,
bunch of pink roses: Mrs. Coghlll. spray
of carnations; Mrs. Nellie Chabot. hur-ch
of carnations; A. Schilling, wreath of
maidenhair with spray of red rose-?; Mrs.
J. S. Adams, spray of white carnations;
Mrs. G. W. Percy, spray of pink carna
tions; Mrs. J. P. Ames, wreath; Mrs.
Harrison Clay, wreath of bouvardia; Mrs.
H. H. Halght. spray of asters; Mrs. Amy
McKee, spray of pink astern; Mrs. T. C
Coogan. spray of lavender sweet pea«;
Mrs. Milton Buckley, spray of Sultans;
Mrs. K. A. Buckley, spray of white car
nations: Mrs. C. H. Holt, ppray of white
carnations; Mrs. J. W. McClure, spray of
pink carnations; Miss Sadie Hale, spray
of pink sweet peas; Mrs. J. C. Wilson,
spray of amaryllis: Mrs. E. Nichols,
spray of pink amaryllis: Mrs. R. G.
Brown, wreath of pink carnations: Mrs.
W. J. Johnston, spray of. pink and white
lilies; Captain White and family, wreath;
Mrs. Wllcox. wreath of maidenhair ferns
and lilies: Mrs. Charles Goodall, white
carnations; Mrs. A. F. Kastland. crescent:
Mra. William Oliver, wreath of maiden
hair fern; Mrs. Gordon Stolp, spray of
white bouvardia: Mrs. Dr. Boyce. spray
of white carnations; Mrs. Selby Martin,
spray of pink lilies.
The remains were placed In the Adams
vault at Mountain View Cemetery.
Rev. John Bakewell of Trinity Epis
copal Church Officiates — The
Temple Quartet Furnishes
Music.
Many Prominent Oaklanders
Present at the Young
Man's Funeral.
LAST SERVICES
HELD OVER BODY
OF W. A. WHEATON
PHOENIX, Ar!i.. Aug. 15.— The Eclipse Cop
per Mining Company was incorporated here
to-day. The capitalization is 11.000,000. The
principal office is at Phoenix, and branches at
Tucson, Chicago and Las Vegas.
SEATTLH. Wash.. Aujr. 13.— A special to the
Times from Filverton, Wash., says: A shock
of earthquake was felt here yesterday after
noon at 4 o'clock. Window panes and crockery
were broken in many instances.
SALT IiAKE, Aug. IT..— Three unknown men
were arrested In liingham. Utah, to-day and
brought to this city, where they will be taken
l«-fore f nited States Oornmi»sioner Twomey
on a charge of passing counterfeit money.
BAN JOSE. Aug. 15.— Fred Krle, a notorious
bicycle thief, was held to-day to answer to the
Superior Court in $;c«X> bonds, a prior convic
tion making It a felony. He Is a notorious
thief of bicycles and has operated all over the
State.
SACRAMENTO. Aug. 15 -Deputy Sheriff
John F. White of Fresno to-day secured requi
sition papers from Governor (Jape for the re
turn from Pittsmouth. Nebr., of Charles Ar
dr-ll, i\ anted for a murder committed in Fresno
County.
SANTA CRfZ, Aug. 13.— G. A. Mc-Clfresh of
Loe Anceles, high chief ranger of the Independ
ent Order of foresters, paid the local court an
official visit this evening. He is making ar
rangements for the High Court, which will
be held here in October.
SPOKANE. Wash.. Aug. 15.— Clarence Mc-
Cuiag, a Montreal capitalist, announces that
he has a syndicate ready to build a railway
from Republic Wash., to Grand Forks, U. C.
McCulag also announces that a pteam locomo
tive train ir.ay be darted immediately from the
company's mill to the Kureka Creek mines.
ASHLAND. Or.. Aug. 15.-Clarence Hughes
of H'irr.brook. Cal., son of C. L. Husfhes, fore
man of the Southern Pacific roundhouse, was
accidentally shot and fatally wounded last
evening by Louis Jacks of Ashland, while the
latter was practicing at a target with a 22
caliber pistol. Hughes died this morning.
SACRAMENTO. Aug. 15.— Robert n. Hall, a
fuiritlve frcm Justice. hailing from South
Omaha, was arrestetl in this city this morning
upon the arrival r>f th» train from the East.
Hall !.« accused of having stolen large sums
of money from farms for which he had ncte<i
as collector. He admits having taken the
money.
LAYTOXVILLE, Aug. J.'.-Xews reached h»re
this evening by the coast Etage from Fort
Iirapi? of a cutting affray between a prominent
barter there named William Flyatt and a capi
talist r.amM Joseph CJuinlan. The trouble
arose over the affectl<>ns of a woman. Klyatt
drew a bowie knife on Quir.Ian, inflicting a
nlgtot wound. Flyatt was arrested.
SAN LUIS OBISPO. Aug. 15.— Members of the
Hoard of Trade of this city waited upon the
merchants of San Luis Oblsro to-day and se
cured the signatures of representative business
men to close their stores at 6 o'clock p. m. each
day. except Saturday. All but three "slcrxKl
the cumulation to-day, and when all have
tip r.ed the new plan will go into effect.
WOODLAND. Aug. 15— Both parties are pre
paring to mnke a pr**at fight for the legislative
ticket In Yolo County this fall. George Pierce.
Incumbent, will teek a renomination from
the Reiiublleans. His most active oppo
nent will be John Reith Jr. Democratic pos-
Bibillties are M. Piggs. Wood'and; Dr. Bates
end J. F. Chiles, Davlsville, and L. de Vilbiss.
Winters.
COAST NEWS IN BRIEF.
yields stronger liquid than the effervep
r*»nt soda water and the harmless cider.
There were even rumors of incidents in
the lives of some of the professors thnt
might have been a violation of the "mile
limit" statute.
But thtre came a time — slightly less than
a y*ar ago — when prohibition was spread
over the entire town of Berkeley. It then
became necessary to Jind ways and means
of catering to other portions of the town
than that around the university. So the
saloon on wheels plan was evolved, and
now an enterprising gentleman is making
his daily rounds through the town with
a covered wagon in which he carries a
=tock of all kinds of liquors for retail or
family 'wholesale.
So thriving has his business become that
the enterprising individual announces his
intention of investing his profits In an
automobile Faloon, and he will travel the
Berkeley cocktail route instead of forc
ing: the Borlcelpyite to come to him. He
niakes his rounds with unfailing regular
ity, and when Marshal Lloyd or one of his
deputies appears upon the scene he closes
the little doors and the vehicle is trans
formed from a saloon on wheels to an or
dinary covered delivery wagon. The
owner will sell one drink or a round of
drinks, or a quart of liquor, and he car
ries a very complete stock.
THE EVOLUTION OF THE BERKELEY LIQUOR SALOON.
. ¦ . ........
ALAMEDA. Aug. 15.— Another knot was
tied in the nuptial j string of Miss Ger
trude S. Putzman and Walter S. Malloy
Jr. when the young couple were married
to-night after the orthodox method, this
time with the approval of the mother.
Three months ago they were married by
contract,, because Miss Putxman's moth
er's consent could not be gained. Not
because there was any objection to the
young man did Mrs. Puitzman stamp her
disapproval, but rather for the reason
that she thought her daughter lacked
years and experience for the duties of
wifehood.
The story of the contract marriage
came out the other day after Mr. Malloy
Jr. had renewed a request to Mrs. Putz
man for her daughter's hand. When it
was again refused he blurted out that
they were already married, and by con
tract. Mrs, Putzman Insisted on the re
cording of the contract, and that Is how
the little romance was given to the world.
The wedding was celebrated at the
home of the bride's mother, 1121 Chestnut
street, there being present only a few
relatives and friends. The Putz
man home was handsomely decorated.
Rev. T. J. Lacey of Christ Episcopal
Church performed the marriage cere
mony. There were no attendants. Mr.
and Mrs. Malloy Jr. will make their home
for a short time in San Francisco, where
the groom is engaged in newspaper work.
Hiss Gertrude S. Futzznan and Wal
ter S. Malloy Jr. Are United
With the Approval of th»
Bride's Mother.
Wedding in Orthodox Fash
ion Reinforces a Con
tract Marriage.
AN EXTRA KNOT
TIED IN THEIR
NUPTIAL STRING
ALAMEDA. Aug. 15.— Awakened to see
her husband's form standing over her,
with a poised dagger aimed at her heart,
was the startling experience this morn
ing of Mrs. John Anderson, brlde s of a
month. Before murder was done, the
frightened woman leaped from her bed
and ran out of the house, pursued by the
bloodthirsty husband. Mrs. Anderson
sought refuge with neighbors. The weap
on wielder, fearing arrest, slunk away
and disappeared.
The scene of this extraordinary occur
rence was at the Anderson cottage, 1529
Ninth street, where the couple have re
sided since the marriage thirty days ago.
The young wife secured her belongings
this mornine and went to the home of
her mother on Park street. It was a case
of mother-in-law, according to the wife's
story, that aroused Anderson to his mur
derous threats.
The young woman was awakened to see
the glittering dagger and to hear her hus
band's threat— "I told you to keep away
from your mother or I would cut out
your heart."
.Mrs. Anderson did not wait to give her
husband an opportunity to make good his
words, but fled without stopping for even
the scantiest attire. .
"When my daughter arrived home to
day," said the mother, "she dropped from
exhaustion and nervous shock. After
what occurred last night she cannot
longer live with her husband. That is
something we cannot tolerate."
Anderson was not to be found to-day.
It is supposed he fled, believing his wife
would call for police interference. But
she has no such intention. She had all
the household effects removed to her
mother's home and there she proposes to
stay. Neither Mrs. Anderson nor her
mother can explain, they say, the reason
for the husband's objections. Mrs. An
derson asserts that her mother has been
an ideal mother-in-law and has given An
derson no cause for ill feeling.
The Andersons have had a most un
fortunate honeymoon. Hardly had the
wedding chimes ceased to clang before the
groom landed in jail on a charge of theft,
'but after an interruption In his wedded
bliss of a week Anderson established his
innocence and gained his liberty..
John Anderson Accused of Threaten
ing to Do Murder Because He
Quarreled Abouv. Hother-
Bride Aroused at Midnight
to See a Gleaming Blade
Over Her.
DAGGER AIMED
AT HEART OF
A YOUNG WIFE
UP-TO-DATE EVASION OF
PROHIBITION IN BERKELEY
<Q ERKELET. Aug. 15-B*rke>y le
j^^ not quite as '"dry" a town 88 the
j/ J-^y c^od people who are paylr? the
j Town Trustees the amount that
I'aey would derive from saloon licer.-e? in
ord^r that the saloon might b<> abolished
vrmld like. It is true that the act on of
xhesf good people ha« abolished the <aloon
:».* it ordinarily exists, but Borkele. was
always fertile In resources, for e\ iding
•~ -fTnr.ee laws. In the day? whfi the
"mile limit" law was purposed to *>e In
force the university stu'i»-r.t neve' had
XEUCh difficulty in discovering f>urce- that
RUSSO THE TENOR HAS
MUSCLES LIKE SANDOW
TJtLJffi SA±N FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, AUGUST 16, 1000.
Woodmen' s Annual Session Begins.
SALT LAKE. Aug. 15.— The woodmen
of the World were in session during the
day at' Odd Fellows' building and a recep
tion was given in "the Salt Lake Theater
during the , evening. Addresses of wel
come were made by Governor Wells and
Mayor Thompson and a response by F. A.
Falkenberg. To-morrow- e\'ening there
will be a street parade participated In by
ail the local Woodmen and the visitors.
11
nfxt Sunday's Cai i
LALirUiYnll/\ o
llil M OS T ===
~~7^~ REMARKABLE - ---«
SUNDAY TME
SPENDTHRIFT %££
THEM ALL SECTIOflf
: A FORTUNE THAT HAS
ONLY BEEN A HOODOO
| How to See the |
f Yosemlte Valley f
at Minimum Cost
THE FUNNIEST EXPERI-
ENCES OF MARK THALL
Most Interesting
Case of Mental
Telepathy Known
Man Who Sheds His Skin
Every Year. Gathering
Bulls for a Bull Fight
AND A HOST OF WOST
LNTEREST1NG STORIES
[^ _;_ - |THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY. AUGUST 16, 1900.
12
SAX FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The Ean Francisco
Call, ccrner of Market and Third streets, open
until Z2 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 527 Montgomery street,
ccrner Clay; cpen until 9:30 p. m.
300 Hayes street: cpen until 9:30 p. m.
CZ9 McAllister street; cpen until 9:30 p. m.
CI5 Larkin street: open until 9:30 p. in.
3?41 Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 8 o. m.
106 Eleventh 6treet; open until 9 p. m.
J<m Valencia. 6treet; open until 9 p. m.
North Tve^t ccrner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky streets; open until 9 p. m.
MEETIXG NOTICES.
MIPFION Chapter No. 79. R. A. M.— «
Stated meeting THIS (THURSDAY) m g\ M
EVENING. 7:30 o'clock. Mission Ma- lK3C
sonic Temple. IOCS Mission street. Busl- * v^
r»»ss. P. M. and M. E. M. degrc-o*. By order
of the II. P. JNO. R. HILLMAN. Sec.
CALIFORNIA Lodpe No. 1. F. and A. a
M . will meet THIS (THURSDAY)
EVENING August 1«. at 7:30 o'clock. 7»3\ I
}N»<"ond degree. By order of the master. « vr » «
FRANKLIN H. DAY. Secretary. j
FIDELITY Lodce No. 120, F. and A. M. m
-?ppcial meeting THIS (THURSDAY) -IV-
EVENING i-t 7:30 o'clock. Third <ie- K 3f
»ri*o. Master Masons cordially Invited. / Nr >
t!y order of the W. M.
FREDERICK BARRY. Secretary.
DORIC Lodge No. 116, F. and A. M.— a
Pr.^cial tneelinc THIS (THURSDAY)
EVENING xt 7:30 o'clock. Third de- jtLj\
pree. Master Masons cordially Jnvited. / >
By order cf the Master.
J. R, GOLDSMITH. Secretary.
THE officers of the Grand Lodge. <^^3^> 1
I O. <_•. F. cf CaUforr.ir, are re- ¦tSy^P^Ji
<juested to meet at the broadgauge c^yOfe*"
l^at, Oakland fern', at 1 p .m.. on // ' llv *
THURSDAY. August 16, 1300, to attend the
funeral of our late brother. GEORGE HOW-
ARD MORRISON, P. G. M.. and trustee of
the Odd Fellows' Home. Take Alameda train
to Willow street.
GEO. T. SHAW. Grand Seceretary.
PACIFIC Lodge No. 155. I. O. O. _ < *$&m&.^
F.— Initiation THIS <THURS-^gJ^SSS.
DAY) EVENING. Please attend.
FRANK P. ASHWORTH, N. G. "*"¦
FRANK D. MACBETH. Rec. Sec
£J\ ANDREWS Society will cele- v «7 >^
hrate the 123th anniversary of the CsVj
birth of Sir Walter Scott on FRI-
DAY EVENING. 17th Inst.. at 8 I
o'clock, in Scottish Hall. 107 Larkin st. Ad- I
dre«s by Professor Hudson, views and vocal
selections by Mrs. Martin 6chultze, Miss ]
Isella Van Pelt, Mr. Alfred Wllkle. Mr. \
Alexander Mennie; Professor Bumess accom-
i.anlst. Admission. 25 cents, payable at door.
WILLIAM BALXAVES, President.
A. R. PATTERSON. Secretary-
STOCKHOLDERS' meeting— The California
Drydock Company. — Notice is hereby given j
th«t a meeting- of the stockholders of the The
California Prydock Company will be held at |
the office of said company. No. 302 California j
ttivet, San Francisco, California, on THURS-
DAY. Aupust 30. 1300, at the hour of 11 o'clock
a. m. of that day. for the purpose of deter-
mining whether said corporation shall be dis-
solved, and cf voting upon a proposition to
dissolve the torporaticn. and for the trans-
action of fuch other business as may come
before the meeting. By order of the board of
directors. W. F. RUSSELL,
Secretary The California Drydock Company.
THE annual meeting of the stockholders of the J
Pacific Undertakers will be held at No. 777
Miffion et.. San Francisco. Cal.. THCHS-
PAY, Augruft 23. I!**, at 8 o'clock p. m., for
the election of directors for the ensuing term
and also to cnr.sider an amendment to the j
by-laf.s reducing the number of directors j
from 9 to 7. and the transaction of such oth?r j
r-ufir.ess as may come before the meeting. J
Transfer books will close Monday, August |
20. 1900. at 4 o'clock p. m. By order of the
board cf directors.
M. C. GORHAM. Secretary.
ACMSXTS WAXTED. |
11500 CAN be made during campaign season
Fe!!ing our campaign ties: greatest sellers
ever intrrdurfd ; territory going: write imme- i
ejateiy: full line white and fancy rubber col-
lar?; enclose etazr.p. Dept. C. M. &. M. Mfg.
Co., Pprinsfleld. Mas*.
AGENTS <if ability and erperience in life insur-
ance. Call at room 101. S>S«7 Market, cor. Sixth.
VE handle newest novelties for agents. PA-
CIFIP AOENTP' SUPPLY CO.. Mi l?th tt. |
ASTROLOGY.
MM". HICKEY. a«rologist; get your horoscope
with full explanation rf your future. 60c; card
T«idir.g |M palmlFtry. ir.c. 1933 Mission Bt.
ATTORNEVS AT LAW.
V.. W. KINO, attorney at law. 927 Market St..
room £27; estates, damages, attachments,
bankruptcy, collections: all cases; fatr fers;
no advar.ee charges; money loaned on estates.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without fuccess; collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty at law. SJO Market, cor. Stockton.
FPKE advice- divorce laws, damages, estates,
collections. J. A. Mitchell. S14 Montgomery.
ADVICE free: no charge ur.lers successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON, 927 Market ft., opp. Mason.
L. B. CLARK. Emma Ppreck»ls bldg.. 927 Mar-
CUSTER. HERMAN J., attorney, 927 Market
rt. r. ££¦: ciwn eve.. 7-9; consultation free.
DATII CABIXETS.
ROBINSON f5. 4-panel folding; door opens; firm
er.d safe. W. g. BROWN, gen, agt.. 416 Ellis.
BELGIAN HARES.
I>">RD FASHCDA CHIEF and Lady Lumb.
flrst prlre in England, at 314 Golden Gate ave.
BICVCLES— For Sale or Exchanee.
FIRST-CLASS lady's blcyclo for sale; almost
new; very reasonable. 417 Twenty-ninth sL
BCSKXBSS CHA.VCES.
A^tKtfoTcORNER saloon, c^ose to Hall of Jus-
tice and California st. ; place is estab. 30 years
and known as a money maker: 13000 refused 3
months aeo; family affairs compel owner to
leave the city, therefore the great sacrifice. .
Call R. CJ. WILKE. 264 Keirny st.
A— tTSO; CANDY 6tore and ice cream parlor In
Oakland: beautifully furnished and a No. 1
paving business; re-nt $60; owner compelled
by" 111 health to retire. See R. O. WILKE.
2C'i Kearny st.
A— JliOQ; DAISY, produce and delicacy 6tor«
with milk route; 4 borscB, 2 wagons, 1 buggy,
£ seta harness, cream separator, etc.; rent
JZ5; business clearing !'.:•') per month. Call R.
G. WILKE, 26^ Kearny Bt.
A— JSOO; CORNER grocery and bar: one block
couth of Market and Fifth sts. ; rent $45; a
e io.i comer: all cash trade, mostly in bar.
Call R. G. WILKE. 26»4 Kearny st.
A-1700: SALOON, with pool table; close to
Call bldg.; rent $C5; a splendid location and
pood paying business. Call R. G. WILKE.
ZChj Kearny ct. •
A— $200; RESTAURANT and chophouse on wa-
ter front; rent $15; bargain. R. G. WILKE.
ICV4 Kearny st.
$80O-^PARTNER wanted: barber business and
billiard parlors; prosperous country town.
Mclaughlin & co.. 7774 Market st.
flWO— I? ALOON near Market H.; bargain; go-
ins E«n cause of sale. McLAUGHLLV &
CO.. 777S Market 6t.
{IOC — CORNER grocery and bar; bargain: going
East causa of eale. MCLAUGHLIN & CO.,
7T7>4 Market et.
j;2i— SALOON"; departure cause of sale. Mc-
LAVGHL1N & CO., 777*4 Market et.
tC f »O— BRANCH takery; candy, notionB and de-
licatessen: In good location: large store; low
rent. LANE & CO.. 865 Market Bt.
A— 11000: CANDY and ice cream parlors, with
factor:." in the best location north of Market;
fine fixtures; good Dullness, clearing (100
monthly. LANE & CO.. SC5 Market St.
A— 1250; LATTXDRY route. leading laundry,
oleartrs ICO a month; fine wagon; intending
t Hirers can verify statements; th'.s is bargain
fcr some one. STENBERG CO.. 935 Market.
SALOON for sale: great bargain: must be sold
ct oiT-e; centrally located. McBRIDE & CO..
!<-<> Howard «t.
PAYING restaurant: exchanre for lots or lodg-
ing-house. EMERY & SMITH. 3 Eddy st.
$U>00 CASH: corner grocery and bar; fine stock;
good location; no agent. Apply at 124 Oak st.
, SMALL drugstore downtown for sale; accept
any reasonable offer. Address box 1625. Call.
GENTLEMAN desires lady partner to start
gipantlc focial society in U. 6. Box 24, Call.
J2&G0 CASH— Corner procery and bar; fine Btock;
P'Kd location. Apply 30 Lily ave. ; no agents.
FOR SALE— Barbershop; sacrifice; owner going
Ea*t. 501 Castro it., near Eighteenth.
LAUNDRY route and wagon for sale; $250;
clears over $69 a month; stands investigation.
Apply, Call offlce.
lT.'Ji— CORNER grocery; established for years;
fresh etock: location one of the best In the
city. Apply J. W. Z.. in Oak rt.
BOARDING-HOUSE, 25 rooms: large dining-
rocm end kitchen; complete. "OUR HOUSE,"
m Illinois et.. Potrero. ¦__
FXDR sale — Butcher business, near city; must
Mil at once. Address P. O. box IS, South San
Francisco. San Mateo County. Cal.
FOR FALE— Blackemith-shop; Point Reyes
station. Marin County. Cal.
UAKERY, notions, cigars and laundry; present
owner there € years. 507 Third Bt.
DL'SIXESS CHANCES CONTINUED.
TO RENT— For coal yard, milk depot, etc. ; fine
location; place is entirely covered; contains 3
stalls: rent only $15; water free. Inquire WM.
HEN DRICKSOX & CO.. 614 Call building.
FOR sale— $200; restaurant and coffee house:
doslrable location and good chance for man
end wife. Address S. NEILSON. 1114 J St.,
Sacramento, Cal. '
PARTNER with J600 in optical business: money
no object: receipts from $C00 to $1000 per
month; must be a graduate optician. Box
22C1. Call offlce. '
ATTENTION, shoemakers '.—Fine store to open
Fhoe business In rapidly growing neighbor-
hood; no opposition: fixtures in; 4 rooms. Cor.
Third ave. and Clement: Sutro cars pass door.
FOR rale— $1000 will buy a Email steam laun-
dry in a country town In California. Address
box 221S. Call office."-
A— PHYSICIAN'S practice in country for sale;
yearly Income $4009; will sell for $750 cash.
Address box 4614, Call office^ .
OLD established saloon on East st. for sale at
once. Call 25 East st.
BUTCHER business; ffood trade; elegant fix-
tures; bargain. 17 Lapldge M.., off 18th.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
AV. CASWELL & CO.. 412 Sacramento St.
~LODGIXG-IIOi:SKS FOR SALE.
A 3IG bargain; partly furnished corner.
Flats 6. 7. S. 9 rooms, $530. $400 to $C->0
14 r.. part cash; rent $45; full; pays well 430
23 r. (hotel); 5-yr. lease; income $S00 mo., lf.00
35 r.; cor.; runt $S5; income $220 3100
44 r.; oak; clean: bon ton; money maker;
lew rent; part caeh; low interest; fine lo-
ration - 5°W
VI rooms; $3000, $2500, $3300 and 000
Long list; please call. M. GRIFFIN. 719 Mar-
k<?t. nr. Call bldg.; room 1; tel. Black 1S03.
26 ROOMS: fine corner; clears $200 $1700
EO-room house; clears $300 2500
16 rooms; fine corner; clears $100 1000
12 rooms on Post st. ; half payments 650
40-room house on Powell Et "Sw
10-rocm; new; elegant furniture 6u0
21-room; clears $150 lj-JO
16-room boarding-house; full 1300
S-room flat: downtown 400
DECK ER. 1020 Market St.. phone Mint .96.
A— 22-ROOM rocmlng-houee; central $1000
11-room house; $300 down, balance easy.. 500
20-room house; first-class 1030
SO-roem house; all newly furnished 3100
11-room house. ?475. 6-room flat.£ 32a
FISHER &.CO-. 1032*Market st.
HOUSES from 10 to ISO rooms; good locations;
honest value, perfect title guaranteed to buy-
ers; money loaned; to buy or sell your lodging
house or furniture and secure satisfaction
write or call SCHWEINHARD & CO.. 917
Market St., above Fifth, tel. Mint 1911.
75-ROOM transient house, near Market st.
36 room, north of Market st. i.-\l'2.
EMERY & SMITH. 3 Eddy Bt.
15-ROOM corner house: bargain if sold at once.
EMERY & SMITH. 3 Eddy et.
TWO mortcaged houses. 44 and 4S rooms: will
eell for little over mortgages. C. D. DAVIS.
room 69, 916 Market St.
20-ROOM Eddy st., $500; IS rooms, O'Farrell st.,
$500. C. D. 'DAVIS, room 63. 916 Market Bt.
FOR sale — Account of Bickness; 9-room house,
newly furnished; 5 steady roomers; pays rent;
home"llke; no reasonable offer refused. 1213
Howard st.: no agents.
FOR Fale — Account of sickness, furnished house
Cf 10 rooms; house full: price $450. Call at
762 Howard sL ; no agents.
WILL ray cash for lodging-house: 25 to 40
rooms; must be a bargain. Box 193L Call.
caIuiiages axd wagons.
WAGON for rale. M4 Mission St.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
etc.. cheap. EGAN & SON. 2117 Mission st.
FOR pale— Doctor's buggy team, cheap. DAL-
ZIEL. Vet. Dentist. 605 Golden Gate ave.
AN A No. 1 express wacon. single, also llrfht
camping wagon, for sale cheap. 632 Mission.
NEW & 2d-hand wagons, buggies, carts & har-
nffs. work & driving horses. ir,th & Valencia..
CAMPAlGNf~riIOTO I1CTTOXS. |
MF'Y of all kinds cf photo buttons and Jewelry;
wholesale and retail; eend for catalogue.
Miniature Portrait Co.. 933 Market et.. S. F.
CARPET nEATIXG AXD CLKAXIXG.
W"HEN you become disgusted with poor work
tend to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-Beat-
ing Works, 3:3-3:7 Tehama st.; tel. South 40.
J. MCQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co..
453 Stevenson Et. ; tel. South 22S : lowest rates.
J E MITCHELL Carpet-Beating and Reno-
'vating Co.. 240 Fourteenth st.; tel. Mission 74.
CITY Steam Carpet-Beating Works, G. . H.
STEVENS, mer., 3S-40 Sth St.: tel. South 250.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard, laid at 4c
STRATTON"S. 3 Eighth St.; tel. Jessie 944.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter Et.;
tel. Main 391. GEO WALCOM. proprietor.
COXKLIX'S Carpet-Beating Works, 333 Golden
Gate ave. ; telephone East 126.
COTTAGES TO LET.
COTTAGE of 5 tunny rooms, basement, $11.
127V4 Morris ave., oft Bryant, near Sixth.
SUNNY cottage, 212V* Perry St.; rent reason-
able. ApRly G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Mont-
troTnerv ft.
SPIRITUALISM.
ARRIVED— Mrs. Dr. Farnham. world-renowned
- spiritual medium: advice in all affairs of life;
lawsuits, divorces, deaths; unites the separat-
ed; mining a specialty; cirs. Sun., Wed., Frl.
eve's; come and be convinced. (Permanently)
E13 Eddy, bet. Hyde and Larkin; no Eign.
GO to WATSON, "only" original "gypsy palm-
ist and medium": lucky and true: readings
25c and 50c. I'M Market St., near Twelfth.
SPIRITUAL medium, Mrs. Harrison. 858 Mis-
sion; readings daily: 25c, 50c and $1; circle
Tues.. Thurs. Sat. and Sunday eves.: 10c.
FRIENDSHIP Hall, 323 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
Meyer, sit. daily; convlnc'g tests to-night 10c.
! MME. YOUNG, C03 McAllister; convincing
demonstration of spirit return to-night; 10c
SPIRITUAL meeting to-night, S; convincing
tests. Mrs. Maxwell, 123S Howard; read, daily.
MRS. LESTER, circle this evening, 8 o'clock;
10c; eittlngs daily. 50c. 127 Turk Bt.
MRS. J.J.WHITNEY, clairvoyant, teet. business
medium, life reader; sittings $r. 1104 Market.
CLA1RVOYAXTS.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil & second sight,
diagnoses disease with life readings; ladles 50c;
gents $1; palm. & clalr. sit. $1 50. 126 Turk st,
MME. HANSON, palmistry, card reader; past,
present, future, 26c. 14S Sixth St., room 14.
A GYPSY, genuine clairvoyant, located 10 days
942 Mission; ladles. 25c; gents, 50c; Frawley.
MME. ZEREDA, the gypsy, is the great palmist
and card reader; 2oc 7 Seventh st.; no sign.
MME. LENEMAR— Fortunes by planets: pre-
dicted overdue stmr Gold wreck. 310 Mason Bt.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry; truth or no pay; 25c. 1149 Mission.
MMR. ECHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader;
fittings daily. 212V4 Sixth st.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given; 25c ud. & Fourth st.
MME. SYBILLE-Oradle to grave: future hus-
band's picture: 25c: ladles. 914 O'Farrell st.
» COLLECTION OFFICES^
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— NoTcharge iinl
legs successful. Room 310. 827 Market st.
DENTISTS.
S .... ..._ .
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. EOT Mar-
ket St., cor. 4th. rm. 7. Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns
$3 50 up; plates, extractions free, $4 50 up; ofl
flee hours. 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. ; Sundays 9 to 2
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON. M. P.. Manager.
A— DR. V. CAVALSKT has returned from
the Paris Exposition with some of the finest
patents for painless dentistry, plates, teeth
without a plate, crown and bridge work: all
work warranted; plates, full set, $5; fillings,
tOc: crown. $3 50. Chicago Dental Parlors. 2% 6th.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings; extractions or fillings by my won-
derful secret, painless method; 20 years' ex-
perience; no students; advice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 t O'Farrell st.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
—No charge for extracting when plates are
. made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from IS per set; extracting, 60c; gas given.
TEETH extracted free; plates, $3; crowns,
$3 50: bridge work. $5. We have all the latest
methods for painless dentistry; hours, 9 a. m.
to 9 p. m. Modern Dental Parlors. 1206 Mkt.
PARIS Dental Parlor, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush—
Full get of teeth. $4: crowns. $3; fillings. 25c.
VAN VROOM— "Painless"; evenings and Sun-
dsrys. 1001 Market St., corner Sixth. -
BET of teeth without plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. 1841 Polk Bt. -
DOG HOSPITALS. [
DR. nUZARD'S Dog Hospital, Post. Flllmons-
_Ad\1ce and medicine. 75c: city visits, $1 50; all
¦ animals treated; dogs boarded. Tel. West €36.
DR. CREELY'S C P. mange cure and worm pills
bvdruMivta at mx hospital. 510 Golden Gate av.
¦ - - ' - t ..
¦—- . ¦ .¦ .-*¦¦¦". * . . ¦ ¦
DRESSMAKERS AXD SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELl! Dressmaking and Millinery
School; patterns cut to order. 1019 Market st.
S. F. Dressmaking:. Ladles' Tailoring and Mll-
llr.ery School; French system. 411 van Ness.
ACCORDION pleating factory: all kinds pleat-
ing, pinking. 121 Post, over O'Connor&Moffatt.
PARISIAN dressmaking. 3S7 Geary at.; dresses
made. $5 up; dresses made over; perfect nt.
EDUCATIOXAIj.
AYRES' Business Colleee, 723 Market St.; life
scholarship, $30; Includes shorthand, typing,
bookkeeping, telegraphy; day and evening ;
Just added, new business practice offices and
20 new typewriters; catalogue , free.
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and medical
colleges: references. President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building
FRENCH readings and dramatic art— Private
and classes tauzht by MISS BLANCH BOL-
VIERE, Lyceum Theater School of Acting,
310-812 O'Farrell st.
BOOKKEEPING or shorthand; if you want to
learn in a limited time take private lessons
from an experienced teacher. M. W- COR-
NELL, room 53. Thurlo^ block, 126 Kearny.
BOOKKEEPING, free trial; private lessons; 8
mos. in college not equal to 8 wks. with me;
$25. TARR, expert aocnt., 429 Parrott bldg.
ALL students but two taking full course this
. year got positions. SAN FRANCISCO BUSI-
NESS COLLEGE. 12S6 Market st.
ENGINEERING, civil, elec. mining, mech. sur-
vev, assay, cyanide, arch. : day. eve. : est. 1864.
VAN DER NAILLEN SCHOOL. 333 Market.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 Post St.,
S. F. ; founded 1863; 80-page catalogue free.
CALIFORNIA Business ColleRe. 305 La'Pfcin—
All branches; thorough; positions secured.
PIANO and German; pupil of Conservatory in
•Lelpsic; lessons 75c. 320 Golden Gate ave.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar. Writing,
etc., day or eve.; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
LE JEUNE Art and Craft School; modeling.
designing, carving, all branches. 424 Pine st.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1,
postage paid,
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
A— JAPANESE and Chinese emi>loyment con-
tractor; estab. over 10 years; nil kinds help.
421 Post St., near Powell; telephone Bush 135.
UNION Japanese-Chinese emp. offlce— Best help
furn.; domestic serv. 417 Powell; tel. Bush 376.
ORPHEUM Employment Offlce— Japanese, Chi-
nese help. 426 Powell. nr. Sutter: tel. Black E072.
JAPANESE and Chinese "'Employment Offlce;
best help furn. ; tel. John 2121. 80CV4 Stockton.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Offlce —
Best help. .MUH O'Farrell St.; tel. East 426.
EM PLOYB1 EXT WAXTED — FEMALE.
WANTED — By a respectable woman, a place
to take charge of a house; is a good sewer,
good housekeeper and manager, or could take
charge of young children and instruct them;
country preferred. Address MRS. E., 517
Ninth St.. Oakland.
AN educated Japanese girl wants a position as
lady's maid or second work; understands
manicuring, halrdresslng and sewing. Ad-
dress 1096 Post st. .
COMPETENT woman; good cook; wouldn't ob-
ject to light housework; wages $20; postals
answered if car fare paid; city or country.
608 Jones St., near Geary-
DRESSMAKER of experience in best work:
perfect fitting; latest Btyles; costumes re-
modeled; $1 25 per day. Address J. H. P.,
dressmaker. 533 Geary st.
GERMAX Rirl wishes a position to do house-
work or r'ain cooking; wages $15 or $1R per
month. 5C2 BUFh Ft.
REFINED, intelligent woman with a child 6
years old wishes housework and help take
care of small baby. L19 Bush st.
REFINED young lady wants position as clerk
in store; speaks German and English. Box
4618. Call office.
SITUATION wanted by a girl of 16 to assist in
light housework or care for a child. 233
Day St., near Sanchez. •
YOUNG German girl wishes situation to do up-
stairs work and wait; experienced waitress.
Call 219 Clinton Park, near Guerrero st.
COMPETENT Swedish girl wants to do general
housework in American family. Call at 266
Tenth st., rear of Swedish Baptist Church.
RELIABLE women wants general work wash-
ing or cleaning by day or week. Address box
B, Call branch office, 300 Hayes st.
REFINED young lady wishes position as cash-
ler. Box 4617. Call offlce. .
YOUNG woman desires position to wait on el-
derly person or invalid. 1231 Market st.
YOUNG girl wishes to assist in light house-
work. Call at 1723 Scott at.
SITUATION wanted by good cook and laun-
dress in prlvat* family. Call at 203 Ash ave.
GIRL wants to do general housework; wages
$20. Call at- 533 Linden avo.
ELDERLY American woman wishes a place as
working housekeeper; good cook and baker:
city or country; city preferred. Address 4499
Seventeenth st. ¦
FIRST-CLASS cook wants a position in fam-
ily; city; good references. Address box 3264,
Call offlce. ' ¦
GERMAN woman wishes situation to do gen-
eral housework: Is good plain cook; wages $12
to $15: city or country. 9 Minna Bt.
LADY wishes to do hemstitching, fine hand
eewing at her own home. Z., 1507 California.
A DANISH girl wishes position as nurse for 3
or 4 year old child or chambermaid in private
family. Address Danish, 2725 ¦ Twenty-second.
AN experienced nurse wishes position to care
for invalid or elderly lady; can give excel-
lent reference from present employer. Ad-
dress box 1902. Call office.
ELDERLT Protestant woman wishes a place
as working housekeeper; good * cook and
baker: or would take care of invalid. Address
341/ Minna et.. bet. Fourth and Fifth.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St., near Mar-
kte; 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 night; $1 50 to $5
week: convenient and respectable; free bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce, 2200 Fillmore Bt.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st. ,
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada* one year for $1.
EMPLOYMEXT WASTED MALE.
MIDDLE-AGED man handy with horses wants
light work; will take care of small stable of
horses: no milking; ref.; small wages. II.
WARREX, 246 Third St., Xew Grand.
JAPANESE honest boy wishes light work every,
morning and evening; wages no object; but
want room and board. Address S. UYEMU-
RA, 16 Sellna place, off California st.
JAPANESE wants position as cook and waiter
or housev.-ork between & a. m. and 3 p. m.
HOMA. 1010 Pine st. _,
MAN and wife wish employment on a ranch
in country. Box 4616. Call office.
YOUNG man- wants situation on cakes. 108
Langton st; rear.
MIDDLE-AGED man, German - American,
wishes position as watchman or anything In
that lire; city or country; discharged N. C.
officer U. S. army, with excellent character.
Address S., Call offlce.
STEADY, reliable young man. understands the
care of horses, desires a position as coachman
or ffardener; city or country; references. C.
R. C, box 4611, Call offlce.
FIRST-CLASS cook wants steady work in good
restaurant or hotel; best references.- Box'
1607. Call offlce.
WANTED— Situation by first-class steamboat
cook; young man. Box 1950. Call office.
WANTED — Situation as watchman or Janitor:
good reference. 'Address box 1906, Call offlce.
A— RELIABLR young Japanese school boy
wishes a situation to do housework in family.
' Addr.M-3 X. SATON. 604 Stevenson St.
JAPANESE good cook wants position to do
cooking and wait on table in city or country.
USHIYAMAN. 564 Stevenson st.
MAX (35) would like to have - some kind of
work from 10 a. m. to 1 p. m. dally. Address
box 1984. Call offlce.\
NIGHT watchman with best references would
like a position. . Address C. HARTMANN,
127 Turk St. t
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch of flee. 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRAXCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1C96 Va-
lencia St. • :
EXCHANGE.
WILL exchange some stock in paying oil com-
pany for horse. Box 1905, Call offlce.
EXPERT^ OPTICIAXS. _ XJ^^
EYES examined free; spectacles properly ad-
Justed. N. Manapse. oculist optician, 910 Mkt.
~ FINANCIAL^ ¦¦'.!.•¦; t
IF vou have stocks or > bonds of any kind for
sale, call or- address PACIFIC COAST UN-
DERWRITING CO., 504 Parrott building.
FLATS TO LET.
A— 10 TO 30 DAYS FREE, flats and houses.
3 r. 630 Jessie, f $9 5 r. 22 De Boom, h..$15
5 r. 250% Tehama, f.$10 4 r. 36B Tehama, f...$ll
6 r. 1424 Howard. f..$16 5 r. 17 Natoma. f $10
6 r. 439*4 Clemen. f.$20 3 r. 19 Sherwood, f.. $6
A. M. SPECK & CO.. 667 Market st.
CLEMENTINA, 433, near Sixth— Bay-window
flat of 5 rooms, bath and gas. -
ELGIX PARK,, 36, above Valencia • St., near
Thirteenth— 4 sUnny rooms; partly furnished.
FINE flat, "'rooms and bath; modern improve-
ments. 625 Golden Gate ave.
FLAT of 4 rooms; bay window; bath: rent $12.
716 Natoma st., between Eighth and Ninth.
FLAT, 4 large rooms: rent $11. 8B Dearborn
St.. off Seventeenth, near Valencia.
IF you want to move get printed list flats tolct
from BALDWIN & HO WELL, 10 Montgomery.
SECOND, 523— Two nice sunny rear flats, 3 and
4 rooms; rent JS and 510; bath: yard.
$15— NEW E-room sunny flat; frescoed: water
free: 374S Tvrrnty-seeond. nr. Castro. GEO.
W. H. PATTERSON & CO.. 17C6 Market St.
8 ROOMS, bath; sunny corner; modern; bay
wir.dow. Key at 417^ Third st.
Kl.V'ro TO I.BT KfKXlSUEH.
JACKSON, 941, corner Mason— Sunny furnished
flat of 4 rooms and bath; rent reasonabio.
FURXITCRB FOR SALE. '
4 ROOMS furnished in oak for $4S 50, with No. 7
range. King Furniture Co., 1127-1131 Market.
FURNITURE WASTED.
CHAS. LEVY buys your furniture, carpets,
' pianos, etc. 1135 Market St.; tel. Jessie 761.
Auctioneer— L. Vincent. 1305 Larkin :tel.Polk 694;
furniture & furn'd houses bought, spot cash.
$5000 worth of furniture, carpets, etc., wanted.
M. SUversteln. 1121 Market; tel. Folsom 1105.
ALFRED WOLLPERT, 773 Mission st_, pays
highest price for your second-hand furniture.
W. E. CODY (late with J. T. Terry & Co.) buys
furniture, carpets. 757 Mission; tel Red 3353.
HELP WASTED-FEMALE.
C. R. HANSEN & CO PHONE GRANT 183
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
2 waitresses, springs, $20: 15 waitresses, com-
mercial hotels and city, $20 and $23; chamber-
maid to wait, Colusa, $20 and fare paid;
chambermaid to wait. Monterey, $20; restau-
rant waitresses,- $7 week; lunch waitress, 50c;
extra ironer. $1 50 day and fare both ways.
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary at.
FAMILY DEPARTMENT. .
Ranch cook, good wages, see party here at
10:30; cook and second girl, 2 In family, $55.
American family; houseglrl. Fresno, $20 and
fare paid; houseglrl, San Rafael, $20: house-
girl, Modesto, $20, eee party Here; second girl,
San Rafael. $20, no sweeping, small family;
second girl. Grass Valley. $20, fare paid,
choice place: 60 housegirls city and country.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
HOUSEKEEPER for old lady; city; $15. C.
R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st. . ¦
A— COOK, boarding house. Glenn County. $25.
faro here; cook, small hotel, Tomales, $25,
fare here; 2 boarding house cooks, city, $25
and 7 per week. MIBS CULLEN. 325 Sutter.
A— LAUNDRESS. Ben Lomond, faro paid. $30.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
GERMAN nurse to go to Los Angeles. $20; sec-
ond girl, Palo Alto, $25. MISS CULLEN, 323
Sutter st. _J_
WANTED— Houseglrls, Santa Rosa, $25; Mar-
tinez, $25; Santa Cruz. $25: Point Reyes, $30;
Castroville, $15; Alameda, $25; Palo Alto, $25;
Contra Costa, $20; Millbrae, $30; San Rafael.
$25; laundress. $30; German cook, $33, no wash;
7 second Birls, $20 to $23; German nurse for
Los Angeles, $25; 3 restaurant cooks, $9 a
week and $30; cook for men. $30; German
nurse and seamstress. $25; 8 waitresses, hotels,
J20, city and short distance. Apply to J. P.
CROSETT. 316 Sutter St.
OPERATORS on muslin underwear; Bteam
power; constant work. G. W. REYNOLDS.
497 Mission ft., corner Second.
COMPETENT slrl for housework; must be a
good cook. 510 Fulton bL, bet. Octavla and
Laguna.
A— GIRL to help in light housework; $10 a
month; good home. 138 Russ st.
OPERATORS on shirts and overalls. Apply
HEYNEMANN & CO., 410 Mission et.
WANTED — A girl to do dining work and cook-
ing; small family. 2705 Buchanan St.
APPRENTICE; must understand sewing. 225
Fifth st.
FIRST-CLASS waist hand wanted. 121 Post
et., room 33.
WANTED— A girl for second work and waiting.
1307 Hyde st.
RESPECTABLE girl for light housework; ref-
erences; wages 810. 77^ Fourth Bt.
WAITER and waitress wanted. 204 Eighth st.
OXE second cook wanted. Park Hotel, 26 Turk
street. - .__ ¦
WANTED— A woman to wash and iron. Call
early at 511 McAllister *t.
GOOD chocolate dipper; steady. SCHAEFER,
22 Sixth «t. r
NEAT young girl to assist in light housework;
good home. 2241% Sutter st.
WOMAN who understands waiting to assist
general work. 610 Xatoma St.. bet. 9 and 12.
WANTED— Girl of 14 to take care of child. Ap-
ply 2728 Twenty-first St., corner Bryant.
300 GIRLS and women wanted to work on
fruit at California Fruit Canners' Associa-
tion. Cutting's branch. Seventh and Berry.
WOMEN and girls for canning and preparing
fruit; steady work; highest wages. Apply
Callfornlah Canneries Co., Ltd., Brannan St.,
between Third and -Fourth.
WAXTED — Women and girls to work on fruit;
highest wages paid at CODE-PORTWOOD
CANNING CO., Tenth and Bryant streets.
GIRLS wanted to rivet overalls at LEVI
STRAUSS & CO.'S factory, 32H Fremont St.;
no experience necessary; good wages. Apply
to MR. DAVIS. /
APPRENTICES on overalls. STANDARD
SHIRT FACTORY, cor. Gough and Grove ets.
WANTED— A lady not under 25 by a whole-
sale house: must be trustworthy and accu-
rate. Box 4612. Call office. _^ *
YOUNG girl for general housework and cook-
ing; small family. Call between 9 and 12 a.
m. at 1810 Laguna st.
WANTED — Girl for light housekeeping; no
washing; wages $10. 832t Army St., bet.
Dolores and Church.
COMPETENT girl; good cook; 5 adults: good
wages. Call 2123 Jackson St.. bet. 9 and 3.
WANTED — A girl for general housework; also
a nursegirl. 2912 Clay st.
WANTED— German girl for plain housework;
can sleep at home. 539 Hayes St.
YOUNG girl to assist In light housework;
wages $12. 2005 Pine st, mornings.
EXPERIENCED operators on electric power
sewing machines on Bhlrts at GREEXE-
BAUM. WEIL & MICHELS, 531 Mission st.
LADY solicitors wanted; a new thing; pays
well; no experience necessary. Write box
1949, Call office. ' v
WANTED — GIRL for housework small family;
$10 to $12 a month. 456 Bryant st.
YOUNG «<1 to assist in housework at 117
Bartlett st. ¦. . ¦
GIRL fcr light housework and plain cooking;
wages $15.-1430 McAllister st.
VEST operators and pants finishers. BELASCO
& HARRIS CO.. 541 Market Bt.
WANTED— A girl to assist in I general house-
work; German preferred. 1504 Ellis st.
EXPERIENCED operators on ladles* waists.
San Francisco Mfg. Co.," 40SA Turk Bt.
GIRLS wanted Apply bookbindery. 636 Clay
street. • :•'/*¦-:
APPRENTICES to learn tailoring; paid while
' learning. 641 Market st. / :
WANTED— Women and girls to work on fruit.
1731 Folsom st., between 13th and 14th.
EXPERIENCED operators on negligee shirts;
¦ good pay. 27 - Jessie 8t., fifth floor.'
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce, 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Cair advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st. -
HELP WANTED— MALE!
IRON worker and vise hand to work In shop;
steady Job. Apply 814 Kearney st.
SAILORS, -ordinary seamen and green'* hands;
all parts, of world. - HERMAN'S. .26 Ste.uart.
EXPERIENCED plowman and vineyardlst on
ranch, near city. Palace of Art. 16 Post et.
HELP WASTED— MALE.
A— MURRAY & READY.. .^PHONE MAIN 584S
.. Leading Employment and Labor Agents ..
Want 7 a.m. to-day
: WE SHIP FREE _
Men for all parts of California. Utah. Wash-
ington, Arizona, Oregon, Colorado. Nevada
and Hawaiian Islands.
Free fare and office fee only $1
Special to-day so the following districts:
DUNSMUIR REDDING SHASTA
HERNDON FRESNO .......MENDOTA
Los Angeles.... and Santa Barbara districts
Reno (New) and Truckee districts
Crows Landing and Newman districts
San Luis ...and Surf districts
Bakersfleld .and Madera districts
Salt Lake City Soda Springs
and other points good wages
WE SHIP FREE come one. come all
It only costs $1 fee and no other expenses
.v. .come see
MURRAY & READY. 634-63ff Clay st.
A— MECHANICAL and other help
Carpenters city and country
5 carpenters, mining co $67 50 and found
10 carpenters, large company $3 day
carpenters, city and country places
10 blacksmiths, and helpers
Steam pipefitter coopers
' TO-DAY WE PAY YOUR FARE
And ship to the sawmills and woods 236 la-
borers for 23 different sawmills. S26 to $40 and
found, any body will suit; 95 woodsmen, mill-
men; also all kinds of planing mill help, 595,
$80. $65, $70, $60, $40. $50. $30 and found
3fi4 woodenoppers, tiemaken?, etc., $3. $2 CO, $2,
$1 and 75c cord, tools and foot! found
12G farm hands $35, $30, $2C and found
36 milkers and butter-makers.. $30, $25 found
cheesemakers $35 and found
24 stablemen, etc.. $25, $G0, $60, $40. $30 found
16 hay-balers, $3 day; also harvest crews. ...».
In San Francisco; all parts of California.
364 laborers and teamsters, $2 CO, $2, $1 75 day;
some board yourself home; boys for stores,
facortles, etc., city Jobs, cabinet-makers,
wocd-workers, carriage-makers, bridge build-
ers, etc.; come see
25 woodmen, Santa Cruz County.. $32 50 and fd
Sticker hand, $3 60 day Planer, $3 a day
Matcher, $3 a day. ...Machine man, $3 a day
ALSO HUNDREDS OF POSITIONS
..NOT ADVERTISED COME SEE..
Farmer and wife. $40 to $45 and found, see
bees here. MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay.
A— FRUITPICKERS BOOKKEEPER. ETC.
125 frultplckers, men or boys, fare from $1.
wages $30 and $26 and found; bookkeeper,
stenographer and typewriter.
Young man drive delivery wagon and work
in grocery store.
MURRAY & READY. 631-636 Clay St.
A— TO the Gold, Silver and other mines
150 single hand and machine miners and Bur-
leigh drillers $30, $75 and $60 and found
350 laborers .or the mines in all parts of
California, anybody will suit. $40 to $60 and fd
Tunnel men drillers hammersmen
teamsters and laborers, different city and
country places $1 75 to $3 50 day
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay St.
A— FOR THE MINES '.
second cooks, kitchen help, etc
$40 and $30 and found
Walters :.-. $30 and found
36 cooks, city and country. $30 to $50 and found
Bakers and helpers, city and country
Butchers, $30 and $35; institution help, $15 and
$20; laundry men; waiters, city and country,
$25 and $30. MURRAY & READY. 634-636
Clay st. i
A— FREE SALT FREE
FARE LAKE FARE
FREE CITY FREE
FARE UTAH FARE
We ship to-day to Salt Lake City to-day
laborers, etc. MURRAY & READY. 634-635
Clay st. FREE FARE.
A— C. It. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary st.
200 teamstei-3, Nevada 52 a day
100 teamsters. Bakersfleld J2 a day
200 teamsters. Coast road $2 a day
100 laborers for different divisions
Ship daily Offlce fee $1 Free fare
15 laborers, qoncrete work. 'Coast road. $2 25 a
day and ud Fee $1 Free fare
HOTEL DEPARTMENT.
Foreman breadbaker, country shop, $20 a
week; baker, hotel, north. $10 and fare ad-
vanced: second cook, restaurant. $50: s-econd
cook, country hotel, $45; cakebaker, $33 to $40;
German butcher, $35; pantryman, springs,
$25. 20 dishwashers and kitchen hands, city
and country, $20 to $30; extra ironer. hotel
laundry, country. $2 a day and found and
free fare; washer. Institution, $30; 3 ironers,
$30 to $40. C. R. HANSON & CO>, 104 Geary.
A— « COLORED waiters, $15; 2 colored bell-
boys. $15: fares advanced: hotel, north. C. R.
HAXSEX & CO.. 104 Geary 8t.
AN errand boy for our offlce. C. R. HANSEN
& CO.. 104 Geary st.
WANTED—
For Salt Lake division; frea fare: to go to-
day, 50, railroad laborers; $175 a day; com-
par.y work. W. D. EWER & CO., 610 Clay.
WANTED- Night nurse for institution, short
distance in country, $30. board, lodging and
' washing; American, English or Scotch coach-
man and gardener, $25 and found; vege-
table gardener, country. $25: butter-
maker. $35; milker and Chores, $23: second
cook for Government boat. $33; waiter, coun-
try hotel. $30: kitchen porter. $23: Iunch-
' counter man, $35; hostler, country stable, 530:
young man to work In nursery. 525 and
found. W. D. EWER & CO.. 610 Clay Bt.
A— COOK, working men's hotel. $40; Ironer,
country, J35 end found; 2 teamsters. $25 each,
countrv; man and wife. San Mateo. MISS
CULLEN, 323 Sutter St.
BARBERS' Progressive Union— Free employ-
ment. H. Bernard. Sec. 104 7th; tel. Jessie. 152.
YOUNG man, about 18, as porter in wholesale
house. Apply ROBT. L. TOPLITZ & CO., 543
Market at.
BRIGHT young boy as errand boy, wholesale
house. ROBT. L. TOPLITZ & CO.. 549 Mar-
ket at.
WANTED— 100 men. machine hands, bench
hands, for planing mill work. Apply C. L.
INGLAR. President Mlllman's Association,
at Fourth and Washington sts.. Oakland. Cal.
2 STICKER hands and 2 matcher hands in San
Francisco manufacturing establishment:
steady employment to suitable men; wages
$3 to $3 50. Box 1623. Call office.
WANTED— Experienced retail salesman who Is
familiar with groceries or crockery. Box 4615,
Call office. ___________^_
A GOOD all-around candymaker for the coun-
try: steady work. Apply at A. HROMADA'S,
224 Battery st.
WANTED— Steady man with small capital;
permanent place; will pay $65 per month
year round; light work. 1016 Market St.. r. 10.
A— SHOEMAKER wanted; call early. 403 Spear
street^
A— MAX to cook and wash dishes; wages $50.
44 Stockton St.
BOY to do general work In store. MARKS
BROS., 106 Sixth St.
BOY wanted for tin and sheetlron shop, with
some experience in the trade. 618 California.
"WANTED— A boy who has worked at the up-
holsterlng. 341 Hayes st.
COATMAKERS and general tailor for country.
Apply REISS BROS.. 24 Sutter. St.
DISHWASHER; wages $15 per month. Bay
Oyster House, 125 Powell st.
PAINTERS wanted at 2906 Sixteenth street.
WANTED— Tailors on custom coats; steady
•work. Apply 40 Ellis St., room 52. ~
WAXTED — A press boy. Apply 141 Fremont st.
WANTED— Boy for porter's work in Jewelry
store; state age; reference. Box 4620. Call.
WANTED — Boy to run errands. 2009 Fillmore
et.. near Pine. ¦
WANTED— Experienced ironers at U. 8. Laun-
dry, Sixteenth St., near Valencia.
YOUNG man to wait on table; small coffee-
house; .$20 and found. 700 Mission st.
WANTED— Bushelman; also coatmaker. Ap-
ply to CHARLES ADAMS, 244 Stockton at,
BOY wanted. Apply 17 Drumm street.
YOUNXJ man to learn barber trade. 796A
Geary st. -
WANTED— Cook and dishwasher. 607 Twentieth
St., Potrero.
WANTED— Experienced young vegetable man.
119 Stockton st. ¦ -
WANTED — Press feeder who can set type. Call
at room 9, 221 Front st. •
STRONG boy to work in furniture store. Apply
837 Mission st. .___ -
WANTED — Good all around blacksmith. Ap-
ply to J. O'SHEA. 17th and Vermont sts.
WAITER waited; German hotel. 760 Howard
street. . - ¦ ¦
WAXTED— Good night cook at 207 Third
street. :
GENERAL - tailor ' wanted. 127 Eddy street.
SHOEMAKER on repairing; steady work. 736
Howard st. .
GOOD tailor. wanted for. bushellng. 623. Com-
mercial st.
A NIGHT cook at 217 Fourth it. ; ! - V
MAN and wife to work in .an orchard and vine-
yard. Call 317 Fourth St.. city. i
YOUNG butcher for shop and wagon. 1823 Point
- Ix>bos ave. •
WANTED— Baker to help on bread. 1139 Fol-
som st. -
GET- your shoes half-soled while watting; 23c
to 50c. 562 Mission st. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
• BARBER shop; . complete fixtures for sale
cheap; store to be remodeled. 506 Bush st.
GOOD barber; steady Job. 725 Fourth at., San
Rafael; tel. Red 15.
HELP WAXTED— MALE.
WANTED— Recruits for the United States Ma-
rine Corps, U. S. Navy, able-bodied, unmar-
ried men of good character, between the ages
of 21 and 35 years; not less than 5 feet 1
Inches and not over 6 feet 1 Inch In heisht;
must be citizens of the United States or per-
sons who have legally declared their inten-
tions to become citizens: able to read, write
and speak English properly. For further In-
formation apply at the Marine Recruiting Of-
fice, 40 Ellis St., San Francisco. Cal.. 530 K St..
Sacramento, Cal.. or IOCS J St.. Fresno, Cal.
WANTED— For U. S. army, able-bodied un-
married men between ajres of 21 and 33; cit-
izens of United States; of good character
and temperate habits, who can speak, read
and write English; recruits are specially de-
sired for service in Philippines. For tnfor- [
mation apply to Recruiting Officer, 121 Xew |
Montgomery st., San Francisco. Cal. j
YOUNG man about IS yeara old. who has had j
one year's experience in Crve business; also
roung man about 20 years old as assistant
shipplns clerk. Box 460S. Call office, statins
which 'losition application refers to.
WANTED— First class coat and vest maker;
single man: steady work; work by the week.
A. ABRAHAMSICK. Heppner. Ore.
COMPETENT boy to drive delivery wagon for
iron foundry: also to work in shop. Box
329j. Call ofllce. -
BARBER ghoj» for Kale In country: dolns a
pood business. Apply DECKELMAN BROS..
136 Ellis st.
NON-UNION carpenters and bench hands want-
ed at once. Apply L. E. EMANUEL. 432
Fourth st.
FIRST-CLASS clgarmakers. 325 Bush st-. third
floor, room 4. _^_^_____
WANTED— Teamsters and Iab:rers. Apply
early at E27 Fourteenth Bt.
WANTED— First-class cabinet maker, foreman.
Apply 1209 Market «t.
MARKER wanted at United States Laundry.
Sixteenth 6t.. above Valencia. :
WANTED — First-class wagon blacksmith help-
ers. 128 Spear st. "
WANTED— 2 coatmakers. Apply to Sergeant
Foly. convalescent N 3 camp. Presidio.
BOY or man to do janitor work for tuition at
S. F. Barber School. 741A Howard St.
WANTED— A good finisher on coats and unl-
. forms. 410 Kearny St.. room 35.
WANTED — Gardener; chance to be partner or
buy nursery: cheap. 1211 Polk st.
FOR sale— 2-chair barber shop and cigar stand:
bargain if sold at once. Inquire at 206 Fourth.
MEX women, learn chiropody, dermatology by
mall: diplomas. Correspondence "Department,
254 Sixth ave.. New York. Write.
VEST-MAKER who understands running fac-
tory. S41 Market st.
COAT makers, coat pressers and vest opera-
tors. 541 Market St.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor. -still
runs Denver House. 217 Third st. ; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to tZ per week.
NEW goods; quick sales; salary or commis-
sion: city or country. The J. Dewing Co..
Flood building.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 062 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
PEXSIOXS — GEO. I>. CAMPBELL, lawyer. 18
years* practice; Examiner building.
"WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket; 700 rooms, 25c night; reading room; free
bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
LIXDELL House, corner Sixth and Howard —
Rodms 13c to 2Tic per night; 73c to J2 per week.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisement!" and
subscriptions) has been established at 1096 Va- j
lenrla st. ¦
HORSES, LIVE STOCK, Etc — For Sale
40 HORSES for nale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade. Horse Uarkec,
C27 Sixth St.; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
PONY for sale; saddle or buggy. 1S0O Howard
Bt.. between 9 and 12.
BUGGY mare for sale; gentle and stylish. Call
between 9 a m. and 1p.m., 114 Stockton st.
70 HEAD draft, carriage and saddle horses.
Occidental Hnrse Exchange. 721 Howard st.
HOUSES TO LET.
A— rni.NTED list: houses to let: send for dr-
cular. G. H. TJMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
1C0 FLATS, houses. A. M. SPECK & CO.. 667
Market st.
2100 California st.. store and flat 5 rooms
above. $50; 2211 Webster, c « r.. $30: 213H F.lm
ave.. f. 5 r.. $13; 1400 Jackson, h. » r.. J.»: 1*24
Howard, f. 6 r.. $16: 710 McAllister, h. S r..
$32: 1630 Golden Gate ave.. h. 8 r. $30.
LOST AXD FOUXD.
LOST — August 14, on leaving the 8 p. m. boat
for Berkeley, a black silk shopping bag. con-
taining gold spectacles, purse with small
amount of money and several small articles.
Finder will please report tame to Mrs. G. S.
B.. 2630 Channing way. Berkeley.
LOST— Sunday, between Kent and Fairfax.
Ross Valley, lady's purse containing small
amount of money: name Inscribed. Return to
W. A. GIFFIX, 116 Sacramento st.; reward.
LOST — Brown purse on Sunday, August 12, bet.
Seal Rock Horse and Park Casifio. Return
1107*4 Treat ave.
LOST — Between Front and Market sts. and
ferry, diamond .locket. Return to owner, 18
Front St.; suitable reward.
LOST— White bullterrier pup; black face; re-
ward. 11 Stockton St.. upstairs.
$250 REWARD for Jewelry lost August 7 on
steamer Corona. Return to DR. KEENEY,
794 Sutter st.
LOST— A passbook with The Hibernia Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco in the
name of CHRISTIAN HAXSEX. No. 45-197.
The- fir.der will Dlease return to bank.
LOST— Collection book.- Return to 406 Pacific
St.; reward; San Francisco French bakery.
FOUND — Brown and white pointer dog. App'*'
1333 Minna »t.
MEDICAL.
DR. and MRS. DAVIEsTlSs Market St.— Rell-
able ladles' and gents' specialists; 32 years'
practice; have treated thousands of cases suc-
cessfully; a positive cure guaranteed at of-
flce: ladles treated can return home the lama
day; try the celebrated HIXDO HERB treat-
ment for home cure; any one can use it by di-
rections; prefectly harmless; home for confine-
ment. Send five 2-cent stamps for circular.
MRS. DR. KOHL, the well known and reliable
ladles' specialist: guaranteed treatment at of-
fice. $3; positive cure: homo for patients be-
fore and during confinement; skillful medical
attention; consultation free and confidential.
446 Eddy St.. bet. Leaven worth and Hyde.
DR. G. W. O'DOXXELL. the world-renowned
ladles' specialist; safe and reliable; hAs prac-
ticed in San Francisco for years; treated thou-
sands of cases successfully; treatment can be
used at home: consultation free. After all
others fall call on him. 1023H Market st.
DRS. GOODWIN, well-known ladles" specialists,
have returned from Europe; safe and reliable;
cure $.*»; have treated thousands of cases with
¦ success: 15 years' practice in S. F. ; maternity
home: low fees. 1007«£ Market St.. near Slxtn.
MRS. DR. WYETH. reliable specialist; 25 yrs.'
practice: home in confinement: treatment at
offlce. $3: any ailment; consultation free; con-
fldentlal. 942 Post St.. bet. Hyde and Lark: n.
DR. XG TOY KEE. late'of Canton. China; dis-
eases of all kinds cured; herbs and teas; sani-
tarium 704 Sacramento.cor. Kearny :advice free.
DR. POPPER, ladlea* physician: call on physi-
cian with man's knowledge; treatment can
be used at home. 31S Kearny st.
MRS. M. ALLEN, 1035 Market-Ladles' special-
ist: home in confinement: safe and reliable;
consultation free; hours 10 to 8^ .
DR. and MRS. M. WEGENER— Private home,
in confinement. 1312 Golden Gate ave.
DR. WISE— The only genuine ladies' specialist.
Office 111S Market st.
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, treats all dis-
eases of the human body. 115 Mason Bt.
MISCELLANEOUS FOR SALeI
BOILERS.' enslnes. 2d-hand machinery^ Mc^
INTOSH & WOLPMAN, 135-197 Fremont »t.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters,
linoleum, store and offlce furniture and fix-
tures; new and second-hand; we always have
a large stock of saloon outfits on hand; 32
complete outfits on our floor, ready made; we
can ship everything in 24 hours. J. NOOXAX.
1C17. 1019. 1021. 1023 Mission St.. above Sixth;
write for catalogue.
FOR sale, at a bargain— 26-ton schooner yacht,
with fixtures and fittings, complete; in first-
class condition, verj- stanch and roomy: suit-
able for long cruises. ' For particulars ad-
dress box 3291. Call offlce.
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting pulleys.
etc. WHITELAW. 21C Spear st.
FOR SALE cheap— Camping outfit, covered
wagon and two horses and tents. Apply
268^ Tehama St.. bet. 10 and 2.
fc, 20-FOOT gasoline launch for sale, cheap; 9V4
horsepower engine; full cabin; in perfect con-
dltion. Address box 3292. Call offlce.
RARE chance— $200 sealskin, finest quality, for
$100;. bust 38 medium: must be seen at once;
leaving city. Box 2998. Call offlce. (
A— 100 H. P. engine, boiler, two drill air com-
presror. JARPIXES. 220 Fremont St.
A— $3 60 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 73. Pop-
ular Price Hatters. 230 Kearny st.. near Pine.
I 16 CANDLE-POWER dynamo: first class; see
| at 1003 Mission st. EPSTEIN, 533 Mission st.
MISCELLANEOUS FOB SALE.
A~NICE"diamond" rtng~for~$l£ UNCLK HAfW
RIS. 13 Grant ave. _li
lEKHAXD photographic and magic lantern out-,'
fits bought, sold, exchanged. 103 Montgomery.
A 10-TON Fairbanks fcale ami flre and burglar
proof safe. 216 California sL
FIRST-CLASS secon.l-hand modern engines an*
boilers bought and sold. KROCH Mfg. Co.
2D-HAND gasoline an-1 steam engines, lath-*,
etc.; general machine work. 137 Beale ut.
2D-HANI> engines, boilers, dynamos, motors,
and gasoline eng. II. S. White. 516 Mission.
A FINE suit. J10; dre?s pants. 52 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery at.
TYPEWRITER. No. 2 Smith ITemler: iate
model ; cheap. Typewriter Exchange. 405 Cal.
EDISON roneert phonograph; reduced price.
173; concert records. $1 3<>. Daciftalupl. 933 Mkt.
PORTABLE er.elnes. boilers; Iron and wood
planers, lathes; 2cl-hand. J. Burke. 133 Beale.
2D-IIAND fire-rroot safe; 1 fire and burgtar
proof safe; cheap. 42 Main st. »
Magh; lanterns, new and 2d-hand: moving
pictures. Ht'LLARP & BRECK. 121 Post st.
SAFF:R-.\> w ar ,<l second-hand. THE II EH-
MANX SAFE CO.. 417-4:3 facramento st.
SA .r K , s ~ N ' ew an( l second-hand; all sizes. THE
WALT/. SAFE. lW-ni Market St.. San Frnn.
M I S CE LL A .N e7> Ifs^W A X TS^
KLEIN still pays best price for clothing, brlc-
a-brac and books. 109 Sixth st. ; tel. Jessie 141.
HIGHEST price paid carpets, odd pieces of fur-
niturv. PLANKS. 79 Mmh; tel. Howard 11S2.
SEA^^. I > IJ i 3 are Wnat we Pay b'S prices for.
PORTLAND LOAN OFFICE. 2S Stockton at.
IF you wish full value roryour cast-off clothing
can en B. COHEN. 1." Third: tel. Biack :i:i.
MONEY TO LOAN'. ~~* k
ANY amount at 6 per cent; lst.~2jTnd^d~mort^
fages, undivided Interest, real estate in pro-
ate; mortgages and legacies bought" no d»-
lay; get my terms before doing business els»-
where. R.- McCOLGAX. 24 Montgomery, r. 1
ANY proposition, any amount: 6 per cent; first,
second mortgages, estates in probate. Interest
In estates, legacies, corporation loans, chattel
mortgages, life Insurance. Room li. first floor.
Chronicle bldg. HALLORA.N & OLSEN.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. S4S Market
St.: tel. Main 1644. Branch 13 Third st.
ON furatiure and pianos without removal; quick
service; money direct: lowest interest. Rooms
63 and 69, Donohoe building. 1170 Market st.
OX real estate. 1st and 2nd mortgages and na
furniture or pianos; no removal: any amount;
lowest rate. BECKER & CO.. 26 Montgomery.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds,
watches, jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL, 10 Sixth:
highest price for old gold, tllver. diamonds.
LOANS
SALARIES and FURNITURH
O. H. HARSHBARGER. 322 Ellis, room 34.
1 AT 12« Kenrny st.. room 9. respectable prlvat«
place to borrow on watches, diamonds: lowest
rates; take elevator. Telephone Davis 935.
: $5?O,CC0 at 6 per cent In sums to suit in city; also
J1C0.0CO on larwe ranches: also on second mort-
gages. R. J. MERCER A SOX. 412 Pine st.
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
pianos; no removal; low rates: confidential.
BOXELLI, 301 Jonen St.. corner Eddy. >
MONEY loaned; personal security; I 1 * per cent;
private party. Room 20. 7th floor. Mills bldg.
I ON furniture and pianos; no removal: confl-
j dentlal; en diamonds, etc. 33 Taylor st.
! H. MURPHY. 630 Market st-. solves all kinds of
financial problems: 2d mortgages, estates, etc.
TO salaried people without security: all busi-
ness confidential. Toualey Co.. 321 Parrott big.
ON furniture, pianos: 3 per cent per month; no
commission. Mrs. Wilson, rm. 101. 8 Eddy st.
ANY sum. 1st or 2cl mortjtaKes. estates In pro-
bate, chattels, etc. R. 603. Examiner building.
I __ . -
CASH loan*d to salaried people on note without*.!
lndorser. MORRELL. 6'J3 Examiner buildinsi
ON furniture, pianos, without removal: no com-
mission; private. LICK. 116 McAllister st.
TO salaried men without collateral or lr.dorser.
S. F. Discount Agency. 14.". Phelan bulMlng.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
I ALLpurchasers of pianos at SHERMAN. CLAY
& CO.'S have the privilege of exchanging fur
a STEINWAT any time within three years
and full purchase price allowed: the best
I makers of every grade to select from: beautl-
I ful new uprights $t> cash. Pi per month: som»
j good pianos for $3, 14 and $5 per month.
! SHERMAN. CLAY & CO.. STEINWAY
DEALERS, comer Kearny and Sutter sts..
San Francisco, corner Broadway and Thlr-
[ teenth St.. Oakland.
' AS usual we offrr some fine bargains:
I One Steck Upright, walnut case; like new.
j One Weber Upright: walnut case: new.
One Fischer Upright: in fine order.
I One Sterling Upright: mahogany case.
| One Neumann Upright; very good.
One Curtaz Upright: oak case; excellent.
Prices from $135 up; $."• per month.
BEXJ. CURTAZ & SON. IS O'Farrell st.
FIXE Baby Grand Decker & Son at a very low
price for a few days only; good as new.
MAUVAI9 MUSIC CO.. 763 Market st.
BEAUTIFUL Arlington or Marcellus mahog-
any upright: can be had to-day; don't buy un-
til you see them. MAUVAI3. 769 Market st.
THE Olympia Interchangeable disk music box
is the greatest invention of the age; they
play 15 tunes in succession; prices are very
reasonable. MAUVAIS, 7SD Market st.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest hous«
west of Chicago is KOHLER & CHASES.
26. 2S and 20 O" Farrell st. : pianos, organs and
ail other musical Instruments of alt grades
and prices: terms easy; prices lowest: eitfiry-
thtng possible done to pleasa and satisfy tha
customer. *
REMOVAL of Keeffe's piano store from Van
Xe«s to 933 Market, bet. 5th and 6th. next
Hale Bros.. & will continue reduction sale f A
2 weeks; open ev'ngs; call and get low priceCf
AN elegant three-pedal upright piano, hand-
some embossed walnut case; owner must sell
at once. Room 10. Flood bu'.Mins.
VIOLTX strings; n»ver wet; best In the world:
making and repairing of all kind of musical
Instruments. Carl C. Anderson. 417 Geary «t.
A FEW more pianos put on sale for storage:
at your own price: also Spencer's retired
stock. Wilson's Storage. 1710 Market st.
EE in the swim; rent a new piano for J3 per
month. SCOTT-CURTAZ CO.. 560 Hayes st.
SPECIAL sale— Uprights $73 up: Installments
$5 up; rents $2 up. HEINE. 136 Ellis st.
THE WILEY B. ALLEN CO., 314 Post St.;
Hardman. Conover and other pianos.
I SOHMER & CO.. Ryron Mauzy. Gabler. Hamtl-
ton pianos. 30S Post St.. opp. Union Square.
BARGAIN— Good piano cheap: installment 13
per month. SCHMITZ. 16 McAllister st.
W. G. BAEK3ER, 412 Sacram«nto St.. agent for
Francis Bacon and Hallett A Pavls pianox.
SUPF.RIOR violins, zithers, old and new H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place,
REDUCTION sale: new pianos: IS payments:
for rent. « up. PF.rnXN. 2PS Post st.
OFFICES AXD STORES TO LET.
OFFICE to rent: 3 fine. !t*ht front rooms on
Market St.. opposite Palace Hotel: rent ISO
per month. Address DR. PIERCE A SON.
C20 Market st.
TO let— Two floors, 30*S0; elevator. 51 Steven-
son st. ¦¦¦¦--
FOR rent— Elegant offices and rooms in-Y.'M.
C. A bldg.: all modern imps.; rent very low.
TO rent— Modern store: well lighted; 2SX14O;
PALMISTRY. v
MME. Xeergaard. Pres. St! Oermaln ~ CoUntVl* f
Palmistry: reads 1 to 9. US Geary. B'. -Jnnw.
PERSOXALS.
wh"F~suffer i
Persons afflicted with Rheumatism (no mat-
ter of how long standing), or any other chronic
disease, should call at once at the SAN3
SOUCI ' 1409 Van Ness ave. — the up-to-date In-
stitution for treatment. We have 15 years'
experience. Charges reasonable. ¦¦•-
jtRS~ADA CLARK'S Academy of Dancing-
Children's classes. Wednesdays. $3:30 to 5:30:
Saturday!". 2 to 4:30; Tuesday evening school
changed to Friday at Devisadero Hall.
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates; 10
years' experience. J. B. RAY. 337 Jessie st.
RAG carpets wove to order and for sale: also
chenille-wove rugs, stlk portieres; dealer in
carpet twine, in hank or chain, at lowest
rates. GEO. MATTHEWS. 709 Fifth. Oakland.
THERE Is but one hairdresser; Lederer dresses
your hair In the very latest modes for only
25c. O. LEDERER. 123 Stockton.
MME. ADA. S4 Kearny. 47 Post, office 10-11: It
sick, suffering from any cause, see this won-
derfully gifted healer; she will cure you.
LEDERER'S Qulntcnlca hair tonic will make
your hair perfectly beautiful; 35c bot; try it.
LEDERER Foamo Shampoo is perfect: can us«
at home: 5c pkg. 123 Stockton st.
SUITS to order on Installments: $15 upward;
tl a week. LEON LEMOS. 1117 Mark«« «..
• between Seventh and Eighth. _^JW— '
HAIR quickly , curled or wared by uslnr"~¥»l-
cott's curling fluid; 25c bottle: druggists.
LADIES* and gents* cast-oft clothing bought &
•old. Sllverman. 934 Folsom: tel. Folsota 1X91.Arrived Aug 15— Stmr Llvonian, from Mont
real; stmr Curie, from New York; «tmr
Oceanic, from New York.
NEW YORK— Arrived Aug 15— Stmr Hes
perla. from Genoa, etc.
Sailed Aug 15— Stmr St Paul, for Southamp
ton; stmr Teutonic, for Liverpool; stmr Ara
gonia. for Antwerp.
SOUTH AMP! ON— Arrived Aug 15— Stmr New
York, from New York.
Sailed Aug 15— Stmr Freld^rtch d«r Grouse,
from Bremen for Cherbourr and New York.
ROTTERDAM- Arrived Ang 15-Stmr Maas
dam. from New-York, via Boulogne.
BOSTON— Sailed Auir 15— Stmr New England,
for Liverpool..-
OCEAN STEAMERS.
PLYMOUTH — Arrived Aug 15 — Stmr
Patricia, from New York for Hamburg, via
Cherbourr.
QUEENS TOWN — Arrived Aug 13 — Stmr
Wa*sland. from Philadelphia for Liverpool.
BOULOGNE— Arrived Auz 15— Stmr Maas
dam. from New York for Rotterdam.
HAMBURG— Arrived Aug 15— Stmr Deutsch
land, from New York, via Plymouth and Cher
bourj.
» LIVERPOOL — Palled Aug 14-Stmr Lake
Ontario, for Montreal.
VALPARAISO— Arrived Aug 14— Br bark
Inca. from Newcastle. Aus.
NEWCASTLE.- Aus— Sailed Aur 10— Br ship
Crocodile, for San Francisco.
MA7ATLAN— Sailed Aug 13— Stmr Peru, for
Ban Francisco.
CHEMAINUS-Salled Au* 14-Shlp Jtmej
Drummond, for Port Townsand.
YOKOHAMA— Sailed Aug 12— Br stmr Qood
win. for Tacoma.
Arrived Aug 14— Br etmr Braemar. from
Oregon.
TARIFA— Arrived Aug 12— German itmr Isls.
from Genoa for San Francisco.
HONGKONG— Arrived Aug 14-;Stmr Olympla,
from Tacoma.
FOREIGN PORTS.
EASTERN PORTS.
PHILADELPHIA— Sailed Aug 14— Bark Guy
C Goss. for Ean Francisco.
ARRIVED.
Wednesday, August 15.
Schr Archie and Fontle, Johannsen, 24 hours
from Iversens Landing.
SAILED.
Wednesday, August 15.
Stmr Sunol, Green.
Stmr Coos Bay, Nopander, San Pedro.
Stmr North Fork, McLellan. Eureka.
Stmr Greenwood. Fagerlund.
Stmr Alcazar. Gunderson.
Stmr National City. Dettmers, Fort Bragg.
Tug Monarch, Tonnlngton, San Pedro, with
barge Sarlta Paula.
Tug Rescue, Thompson. Seattle.
' Schr Co<iullle, Anderson. Coqullle River.
Schr Newark, Beck, Bowens Landing.
Schr Mary C, Campbell, Fort Roas.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. Aug 15 (10 p. m.)— Weather
foggy; wind southwest: velocity 12 miles.
LAUNCHED.
At Dumbarton, Scotland, Aug 14 — Bktn
1 Hawaii.
At Grays Harbor. Aug 14— Bktn Kallua.
DISASTER.
NOME. Aug 2 — W K Kerwin foundered on
beach; tusr Effort drifted on beach and got
bilged; schr Teaser also lay on beam endi;
many scows and small craft came ashore.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
NOME— In port Aug 4— Dora Seward; U S
ftmr Patterson: stmr Albion; etmr Robert Dol
lar; stmr Aloha; stmr Roanoke; stmr Dora;
tuc Skookum.
Sailed Aug 2— Stmr Lakme, for St Michael.
Aug S — Barire Mercury, tow of tug Wai Iowa.
LAHAINA— Arrived Aug 1— Schr John A,
from Pert Gamble.
PORT HADLOCK— Sailed Aug lS-Shl-j M P
Grace, for Sydney.
KAHULUI-*-In port Aug 1 — Ship Tosemlte.
from Newcastle, Aus. *
Arrived July 31— Schr King Cyrus, from New
castle, Aus.
WESTPORT— Sailed Aug 15— Stmr Point
Arena, for San Francisco.
USAL — Sailed Aug 15 — Stmr Navarro. for
San Francisco.
SEATTLE-Arrived Auff 15-Stmr City of
Topeka.from Dyea: stmr Centennial, fm Nome.
Sailed Auk 14 — Stmr Newsboy, for San Fran
cisco; stmr San Pedro, for Nome; stmr Charles
Nelson, for Nome; bktn E vis ton. for Tacoma;
stmr Charles D Lane, fcr Nome.
PORT TOWNSEND— Passed ud Aug 13— Stmr
Centennial, from Nome; Ger »hlp Arethusa,
fron Altona for Seattle.
Arrived Aug 15— Schr Ealvator. from St
Michaels; hchrs Una, Vine and Ethel Zane,
from Cap* Nome; «chr Muriel, hence Aus 1;
bktn Retriever, hence July 27.
Sailed Aug 15 — Ship James Dnunmond, for
Sydney.
FORT BRAGG— Arrived Aug 15— Stmr Noyo,
hence Aur 14.
COOS BAY-Satled Aug 14— Stmr Del Norte,
for Eureka.
NEWPORT— Sailed Aug 15— Schr Sparrow,
for Eureka.
EUREKA-Arrivpd Aug 15-Stmr Del Xorte,
from Coos Bay for San Francisco.
Sailed Auc 15— Schr Bertha Dolbeer, for San
Diego.
SAN PEDRO—Salled Aug 15— Schr Lottie Car
son: for Eureka.
VENTURA— Sailed Aug 15-8chr Peerless, for
Port Ftlakeley.
PORT LUDLOW— Arrived Aug IS— Schr Maria
E Smith, from Port Towneend.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
Continued From Page Ten.
Sophie Bidlnger to Llllie Trumpour. NW cor
ner of the Presbyterian Church lot on S side of
V street. In town of Union City, thence W 139.
S 100. E 33. 8 200. E 100. N 300 to beginning.
Washington Township; also portion of block
35, bounded N by lands of Latton, E by Levee
street,' S by lands of Hahn and W by line sepa
rating town of Alvarado from town of Union
City, Washington Township; $10.
Alameda Savings Bank. to Mary I. Connell,
lots 9 and 10 and lot A. Fitch Tract, Alameda;
$10. «,•!'.'-
Mary B. and William O'Connell to Clara M.
L. A. Ulbersr, lot on NE corner of Clement
avenue and . Willow street, E 30 by N 127:6,
block 15, lands adjacent to Enclnal, Alameda ;
$10. :¦!¦ •¦ ¦ - ¦
John C. and Alice E. Turner and B. F.
Watte to Beatrice E. , Powell, Jot on SW corner
of Shattuck avenue and Berkeley way, W
112.30, S 25. E U0.J2, N 23.06 to beginning, being
lot S3, College Tract," Berkeley: also lot on W
line - of Phattuck avenue, 2J.08 S of Berkeley
way", S 35, W 109, N 35. E 111.52 to beginning,
being a portion of the College" Tract,, Berke
ley; «0.
Charles R~ Havens to Joseph Marlstany, lot
on - SW corner of Alameda avenue ¦ and Oak
street. S 150, W • 100, N - 150,' E to beginning,
quitclaim deed. Alameda; $10. ¦•-,"• . ,
Joseph • and Annette ' Maristany and Joseph
Maristany Jr. to Patrick Sweeney, lot on W line
Philip H. Dunn to G. I* C. S. Moller. lot on
E line of Stanford avenue, now known as Ade
line street, 333.65 N of Ashby avenue, N 33.90.
E 95. 8 S3, W 105.92 to beginning, being portion
of lot 21, block A, Adeline Tract. Berkeley: $1.
Philip H. Dunn (administrator estate of Ed
ward Moran) to same, all interest in same,
Berkeley: $700.
E. B. and Stella M. Ston« to Monroe G. and
Edwin W. West, lot on S line of Highland ave
nue, 200 W of Laurel street, W 40 by 8 132.50.
being lot 19. block L. Amended Map of Moss
Tract, Brooklyn Township; $10.
Charles and Carrie Groos to Walter Q. Tlb
betts, lot beginning at a point 317:6 S from S
line of San Antonio avenue and E 150 from E
line of Charles street, S 50 by E 60, Alameda;
$10.
Daniel K. and Semantha A. Pratt to Bridget
Donnelly,' lot 39, on Map of Smith subdivision
to San Leandro, Eden Township; $10.
Hugh and Anna S. Hogan to Mary E. Trlsh
man (wife of George F.), lot on NE line of
East Twenty-sixth street, 273 SE of Thirteenth
avenue, SE 40 by NE 140. being lot S7 and NE
5 feet lot 38 on map of Hogan's subdivision
block 87. Highland Park. East Oakland: $10.
Mary L. Jones to Heinrlch Mcllmann. lots
28 and 29, block B, Frultvale Villa Tract,
Brooklyn Township; $5.
Home Building Company (corporation) to
Charles F. Bcpwn, lot 34. map of Forest Park
Tract, Brooklyn Township; $10.
Antonio N. and Rosa O. Rose to Manuel F.
de Avila. 3.87 acres beginning In the center of
the road from Centervllle to Jarvls Landing
at S corner of lands now of family of A. Cal
dero (or Caldeira), thence SW 2.65 chains, NAV
15.65 chains, NAV 2.30 chains, SE 15.CS5 chains
to beginning, Washington Township; S1S00.
Franci3 and Cathe Thomas to c. Gazlcy, lot
¦on W line of Webster street, 70« N of Four
teenth, N 71 by W 150. Oakland; $10.
Arnold V. Stubenrauch to Margarethe H. E.
Meyer, lot on E line of AValnut street, JS4 N
of College way, N 50 by E 136..V), behiff lot 20,
map of Whitton Tract. Berkeley; $100.
J»3»y and Samuel Davis to Richard H. Hlg
glnson, lot on W line of Second street, 740 N
of Jones avenue, N 40 by W 50, block J, on
map of Andrew Jones' subdivision, Brooklyn
Township: $65.
Hugh O'Keane to Bridget O'Neill, lot on SW
line of East Seventeenth street. l.*>0 SE of Fifth
avenue. SE 50 by SW 100, block 82, Clinton,
East Oakland: $1200.
Mary A. Belden, Margaret M. Hughes, James
F., Alfred I. and Paul O. McCourtney to \*1
brlana Davilla, lot on N line of Forty-third
street, 115 E of Grove, E 50 by N 100, Oak
land; $10. f
Home Building Company to Nathan Brown,
lot 35. map of Forest Park, Brooklyn Town
ship; $10.'
Matilda and James Henderson. Mlnnln ami
Henry Zeislng (by J. B. Lanktree, commis
sioner) to John C. Forbos, lot on NAA r corner
of Twenty-first and Filbert streets. W 40 by
N 100, block F, map of survey Northern Exten
sion of Oakland, Oakland; $2500.
Nelson and Susan P. Prevost to Stephen
Whelan, lot on S line of McKee street, 100 AV
of Calais, AV 37:6 by S 135, beinsr portion of lot
6, block P, Paradise Park. Oakland; $10.
John McCarter to David McCarron, lot on S
line of B street, 50 E of Hollis. E 25 by S 100.
being lot H, block 790, Map of B street subdivi
sion of Watts Tract. Oakland; $10.
Alameda County.
Agda M. C. Church to D. O. Church, lot on
E line of Eighth avenue, 130:4 N of C street.
N 26:2 2-3 by E 120; $10.
Paul F. E. Steiner to Martha A. Steiner, lot
6. block 312, lot 7. block 811, lot 10, block 311.
lots 14 and 15. block 2S1, lots 13 and 14, block
200, South San Francisco Homestead Associa
tion; also subdivision 3. lot 3. subdivision 1,
lot 4, subdivision 2, lot 4, portion of subdi
vision 3, lot 4, block 391, Hunter Tract; also
(subdivisions K, 2 and 3 of lot 4, lots 5 to 12..
subdivision J of lot 13, Mock 354. same; also
lots 4 to 7_ 9 to 14. subdivisions 2 and 3, lot 15,
block 323, same; also lots 13 to 18, subdivision
1. lot E. subdivision 1, lot F, lot G. subdivision
3, lot 9, subdivision 3, lot 12, block 2S3, same;
also lot on E line of Indiana street. 130 S of
Twenty-third (Nevada). S 100 by E 100; gift.
Estate Sarah Levy «by executors) to George
E. Ackerson, lot on S line of McAllister street,
137:6 W of Laguna, AV 27:6 by S 120; $5600.
Arthur A. Newhouse to Pacific Telephone and
Telegraph Company, lot on S line of Page
street, 106:3 E of Scott, E 25 by S 137:6, quit
claim deed; fL ¦ '
Security Loan Association to Adolph L. and
Nettie Rehfeld, lot on S line of Greenwich
street, 200 W of Baker, W 25 by S 137:6; $2000.
W r illlam H.- Kinread to Catherine A. Kin
read, lot on S line of Hayes street, 31:3 E of
Central avenue, E 50 by S 100; gift.
Rosa Rcsenfeld to Alice C. Ball, lot on E
lln-i of Spruce street, 127:&U N of Sacramento,
E 25 by N ST:6; $10.
Mary J. Tuite to J. B. Reinsteln, lot on W
line of Hartford street, 126:6 N of Twentieth,
N 22 by W 125; |10.
Charles B. Flanagan (by M. F. Vandall, com
missioner) to German Savings and Loan So
ciety, lot on N line of Twenty-seventh .street,
125 E of Guerrero, E 23 by X 7G:S; also lot on
S line of Eighteenth, 155 E of Noe. E 25 ty S
114; J300O.
Emil G. and Mary Ann Kluge to Jceeph and
Honora Mott, lot on NE corner of Twenty
third and Church streets, N 24:10 by E 70; $10.
James J. Fitzgerald to J. D. Sullivan, lot
on AV line of Fair Oaks, 303 N of Twenty
fourth, N 31 by W 117:6; $10.
John F. and Henry F. Bruns. Joseph
Schneltzer (by E. Schwab, commissioner) to
Germanic Building and Loan Association, lot
on NW corner of Pacific and Sansome streets,
,N 34:4Vi by AA r 67:6; $13,259.
Henry Behlmer and Albert Freyer to St.
Louis Brewing Company (a corporation), lot on
PE corner of 'Powell and Francisco streets..
S 137:6 bv E 133; $10.
James Rlordan to Frank T. Hamilton, lot on
AV line of De Haro street, 150 S of Nevada. S
25 by W 100; $500.
Frank B. and Georgie C. Ryan to Burton J.
Neill, lot on N line of B street, 32:6 E of
Seventh avenue, N 100 by E 25; also lot on
NE corner of Point Lobos and Eleventh ave
nues. E 32:6 by N'100; $10.
Walter I. and Mary E. Tobin to Mary E. Mc-
Nally, lot on NE corner of Stanyan and Twen
tieth, N 25, E 93. S 25. W 92:11, lot 8, block
1C, subdivision 2, Clarendon Heights; $10.
Estate Joseph Shoop (by executor) to C. L.
Tilden, lot on E line of Lisbon street, 125 S
of France avenue, S 25 by K 200, lots 1 and 8,
block 25. Excelsior Homestead; $90.
Charles Maisel and Emil Woenne (by Edwin
Pchwab, commissioner) to Germanla Building
an-1 Loan Association, lot on N line of Point
Lobes avenue, 175 W of Plymouth street, W
23 by N 125, block P, Railroad Homestead As
sociation; $1205. *
William Booth to M. A. Meier, lot 7, block
38S, South San Francijco Homestead and Rail
road Association; grant.
Edmond and Ellen Kenney to same, lot 7,
block 3SS. South San Francisco Homestead and
Railroad Association, quitclaim de».l; ?50.
Clarence AV. Ashford (assignee Alfred Clarke.
Insolvent) to H. I* Miller, alt Interest li'tho
following: Lot on W boundary line of Fan
Miguel Ranch, 1705.5 S of Ocean House road,
S 61 rods by E 10 rods; also blocks 73 and 77,
Stanford Helchts; $25.
Harry Klein to Jacob Klein, lot on N line
of Post street, 102:11 E of Laguna, E 25:10 by
N 120, quitclaim deed; SI.
Georsre E. and Mary E. Ackerson to Minnie
Feig, lot on S linp of McAllister street, 137:6 W
of Laguna, W 27:6 by S 120; $5600.
'Theresa M. Brooks to ''Charles Klein, lot on
S line of Green street, 1S5 W of Buchanan, W
27:6 by S 137:6; $10.
George D. Greenwood to Monroe Greenwood
Estate Company, lot on S line of Hayes street,
171 :4H E of AVebster, E 33 by S 120; $10.
AVllllam and Llz=ie Hinkel to Mary E. Grant,
lot on E line of Clayton street, 253:0 N of
Frederick, N 25 by E 106; $10.
Joseph Nolan to Mellnda Nolan, lot on SE
line of Jessie street. 1S« SW of Ninth, 8\Y 23
by SE TO; gift.
EEAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
NEW WESTERN" HOTEL.
T J Fltzserald. Pinole
Miss Newbray, India
C C Ruckle. Wash
S M Hogan, Cincinnati
J Fredrlckson & w,
Boston
W J Whorf. Alaska
W R Friend. Indiana
C W Renslnnl, Stocktn
J F O'Brien, Ark
B Balblodon, Chicago
J A Wright. Portland
F Grlsener, Merced
F Brandt, Sacto
T H Sawyer. Portland
H McGrapnl. Cinn
S Sydiard. S Jo*e
W H Crooks. Cal
E Witck. Cal
PALACE HOTEL
J T Steib. Tacoma
F W Swanton. S Cruz
W A Rogers, Mill Vail
C B Miller, Stanford
E Hubbard. Wheeling
Dr J Kraun, N Y
H L Miller. Charleston
W H Thompson, Chlcg
J R Harvey, str Gaelic
Dr D B Felts, Cal
F Beau dry. Cal
E Boyer, Cal
TV' B Wood. Phlla
Miss C Wood, Phila
Sir M Foster, England
Dr M G Foster, Engrld
W C Coleman, R*I
K R Hay ward. USA
Dr S Hecht, Los Ang
Miss G Hecht. Ls Ang
II W Llnford, London
IE L Blackburn. Mo
|W K Steele. Seattle
|J Collins. Seattle
J Collins Jr, Seattle
J U Crank. Seattle
O Schlossmaker. Seattl
A Willison & w. Wash
A Xevosky. Russia
E Stork. Mich
J TV' Wilson, Reno
J Altschul, N r Y
C F Humphrey. USA
E E Hagan, Ind
B B Downs. IXC
W B Moses. Mich
F A Wickersham & w,
i Petaluma
W W Wlnshaw. Peta
|W F Brown & w. Pa
I W A Maddlson. S Jose
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
T H Westley, L Ang
H Chrlsman, L Ang
K R Smith. L Ang
Anna Oestlng, S Diego
J II Pugh, S Diego
F Werner Jr. Cal
B Ledon, Sutter Creek
Mr Snow & w, Texas
W Frank, Springfield
Mrs F J Land. R I
Mrs Bronson, Bakersfld
H Beemer. Salt Lake
H Goehring & w. Cal
S Pinchower & w. Cal
D Mitchell. St Helena
M Mclnerny& w, Mont
A Gustavlson, Tacoma
G H Stoll. L Ang
Miss Irvine. S Rita
W R Coffman. Wash
J J Bonekemper &. w,
Omaha
M Keef & w, Salinas
H Was»on. Phoenix
D McCartney, L Ang
Mrs Cushman, Sacto
Mrs Hubbard, Sacto
Carrie Thompson. Seat
Mrs Gllliam. S Cnu
O C Peel. Portland
R S Miller. Stcto
H Phillips, Seattle
J Leonard, Pasadena
Mrs J F McLees. N T
Miss Cyr. Spokane
J Couquelln & w, Minn
W Patterson, Westley
A Whltaker & f, Cal
W W Nelr. S Barbara
L R Rogers, St Lake
E Bunker. Newman
W Harnlll, L An*
Mrs Allar. L Anar
! G Crystal, Vacavllle
! O P AVllson, L Ang
i T Jones, Wash
I Mrs Cockrtn. S Rosa
Mif>s Smith. S Rosa
J P Cox & w. Folsom
J Goldman. Merced
G Morgan, MIddleton
E C Hamlll, Manila
A K Harlock. Hanford
H A Dodger, L Ang
S F Massen. Ohio
L Freeman. Chicago
P Nagle. S Juan
G W Ward. S Jnan
Mr Beggs, S Jose
O P Wilson & w. Cal
I F R Gowini, Idaho
IH Perkins & w, Iowa
Same owner with H. Williamson (contractor),
architects same — Plumbing, sewering and drain
ape from leaders, etc.. for same on same; $337.
Oscar Goodman (owner) with Jos«f Bucher
(contractor), architects Salfleld & Kohlberg—
Excavation, brick and carpenter work, hard
ware, glazing, tinning and plastering for two
three-story frame buildings on SW corner of
Bush and Pierce streets, W 30 by N 100; $91U
S. E. Moore (owner) with Leveret T. Bowers
(contractor), architects Coxhead & Coxhead—
All work except plumbing for a two-story
frame dwelling on S line of Washington street.
192:6 W of Locust. W 27:« by l!7:S l i: Jtf60.
Hale Brothers. Inc. (owners) . with Home
Manufacturing Company (contractors), archi
tects Reid Brothers— Certain fixtures designated
as art room and annexes to be placed In third
story of store building on B line of Market
sieet. between Fifth and Sixth: $2415.
Builders' Contracts.
Pacific Methodist Church (owner) with James
B. McKenzle (contractor), architect Charles
Geddes — All work for alterations and additions
for a parsonage building on S line of Bush
street. 137:6 E of Octavia. E 63:9 by S 137:6:
?20o0.
Same to Bessie M. Weeks, lot on "W line of
Oak street; US S of Alameda avenue. S 32 -by
W 100, being the S portion of lots 10 and 11,
block D. same. Oakland: 310.
of Oak street. 54 S of Alameda av«nue. S M
by W 100, being a portion of lots 10 and 11.
Mock D. lands adjacent to Enclnal, Alameda:
310. 5
THE SAX FRANCISCO ;.''*UALL, THURSDAY, AUGUST 16, 1900.
13
MOIITIIKKX PACIFIC tOflPiSI.
IfACIflC NV.waM.)
MA* »ICA >«'¦««'«».
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street)
LS*vt — T»ou Acgcst 12. 1300. — Aur.ivt
•7 :OO x BenicU. Suisnn. E!:a!r». Vacatilie, '
Ramsey aud naeraruento *7:(3p
•7:00.1 Shut* Eipr-M-Diris. Williams (for
BartletS Sprtop). Willow*. Ke<l
Bluff, Foruaud. *7:l3r
*7i30a MMliuez, S»u Kinion. Vallejo, Nap*.
Calt.itp(» aud s.»nr,* Rosa *Si 1 3 p
••:oo* Darta. Woodland. Kuight* Lauding,
MarysTille. Orotllle. »7il3t
<M,O(li Atlantis K.Tprena— Dgitu and Kaat •12:ir. l -
t:"i»i Slisi, Tncy, J-Vhroi-, Stockton •»««»*'
<::i«( Sin JoSQ, Litoriiiore, nttioKton,
Imte, Sacramento. FUevrTille,
MaiyiTillo. Chic. Ke.l KlulT 'lil.ir
•S:3Oa Oakdaie. CbtneM (for Yoiemite),
ttonot*. C«t.<rj. •4:l.1r
•!»:»»» H»j«*r l«. >ilt» and Waj Htetiona. *l I : irv .
•iiiniu Lnj Anteles Etpreai— . Martinez,
Tracy. Lathrop. .Stockton, Merced
Fresno aud Los Anedles *7:1.1p
•O-.-.in* V»lif->«. Martin** ami \V»J Stations *3<4.tr
•!•:«•* The OrerUnd limited— Ogden, Den-
ver, Omaha. Chicago *3sl-ir
•HjOu.v Kiln, Stockton, .iacramentn. Mtu-
dot*. Fresno, llaufnrd. Vinalia.
I'ortoMllle *l:i.ir
•1 l:OO» LiTermore. Saager. Goohen JTunch
tion, Biksrstield, Los Angslea
•I <:rt(W Haywur.l.i, XiUt ami Way atatlom. tH3f
1 1 :«IOr Sacramento Itirer Stsatnnra (3:0»«
•liOftp Ha;warda, Jtilesanit Way HUtlnns. *3:<3p
•4ttt»p Martina*. Kan lUinou. Vallejo.
Nap*. <;a!Ut»xa. Mauta Itoa* •»il»»
•l:iM>r n-nida. Winters, Hacrawanto.
Wootllami, Knights landing.
MarjiTille. Oioillie *la:|.1*
Minor Nile*. Man JuaeandStockian *7sl3p
¦SiVOrThe Owl Limited— Tracy. Frenno.
Bakerafielil.Maugus for danta Bar-
bara. Los Angeles *IO:M«
*n:OOp Stockton M>»*3a
•3:0»rNa-w Orlean* Express— ItakenlleM.
*»!•;* R*rUar*. I.oa Ang«!es. Dew-
ing. El I'aao, .Nan OrleauS and
Pa-t "7.l!»»
*6:ft0r Hayvaicb, Nile* ami San Joss *7i4-i*
t«I:00k Vallej.. *l»:13p
•OiOttr Oriental Mail— OgJeo. Cheyeno*.
Omaha. Cbicago •13>43a
•«:OOr Oriental .Mail— Ogden, Denver.
Omaha. Chicago. Mil.ip
•7:«0f Nlles, Tracy, Lathrop. Stockton,... # iaa*i
t'sOOp Vallejo. l-,,rt Cu*U and Way fiia-
tinna. t»i»l»»
•SiO.tr Oregon and Gailforoia r.i|.ri*««. h«o-
rnniciiti>. Mar)K«ille, i:->Mii>fi,
l',.rtlmi.l, I'ufl. M.,,1,,.1 m,,» Kant MiHt
(JUAST DIVISION (Marrott <;<>»¦•).
( Foot nf Mnrkrt Strert.l
17:43a Santa Crnz Excursion for Bant* — —
Cnu and Principal Way Statious J«:05r
•8:1-1 A N«Watk.C>iMeMlll«>..SaqJo««. frlton,
llonlilec Ctf * k.Saii t» Orux and Way
Htatiom ••iSttf
t»HV Newark. C«nt«rvillc>. Han .!.¦.««. .Ww
Almadnn, Feltnti. Itmilder Creek.
H.inu Cnu and Trlnclpal Way
Sutioim a •I»i3»»
•41 1 1 » p Newark. Mau .Ton*. Los Catos t * >ao t
«r»»l3p Gleawood. Feltan. Santa Crn» ««;5«»
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
ttmU* mSClSCO-Ftat of Markai Strut (S':» 5i-
.•7:15 8:00 HOOt.lf. Jl:33 *t:tt 13.23
•i:C3 t3:C3 •8:03r.n.
turn U*lL»SD~fa»l •' Jr»»i*»». — *fl:OO S:0O 10.00. m.
U2:S3 *1:C3 Xl-.U «3:S3 lt:63 'Z.ZZr.M.
(OAST IHTISION (IUoa.1 Uan«o).
_ (Thlnl and To\Tnneinl .st-Q
tC:lit* Ocean Viaw. South Nan Krancinco.. tU::i«»p
t7:U«t* Han Jims a-ul Way SUtimM (New
Almatlcti We<lii«ada}« only) *l:Snp
t?:UOa Sunday Exenninq f >r Baa Jose,
Santa Crnz. Pacific Grove and
Principal Way Stations tS:33r>
•0tO«* Man .!..*¦•. Trra IMi..,.. s.«nt.i Cnu,
r»oilio Unite, l'aso iloblea. ,S».»
I.ula OtiUjiit, Hutt, Lompoc aiirt
Principai War H^itiniia # l:lftp
•in: lo, San Jon and Way Statlona ••»»»*
•HtM. H*n.lra-.Lmaatos»n<l \V S |SUiimn •5.:ii>p
fJil-ir S*,, Matro. U<Mlvrco.t. Mpnlu Park.
Palo Alto. Santa Clara. San Jtm,
Tres Pino*. Santa i'.tnr, Sallnaa,
Mouterey an>! Paoilic (irovs tlOsftfl*
fUsltttr 8an .lo«* and Way Stations *7::i»p
flslSr Saa Jnaenn.l Principal Way Stattona "0:15*
1."i:»»r 3iu Jo»», Lo* Gatoa and Principal
Way Station:! t9:0»a
•5::n»r Sao Jot* ami Principal Way Stations t <:.'»-•»»
•«:Ut»r 9a>n Job* an.l WayAtatlmm l«:«O k
tll»4*P San Josemwl Way Stations •7s3»r
A for Morning. t> (a.< Aftemnon.
'Daily. t Sunday exeepUfi. { Sunday only.
ft Saturday only.
a Batnrday and SuatU« c Monday only.
CiLLFOENIA NORTBWESTEHN ST. CO.
lessee:
SAH FRAHCISGO AND NORTH PAGIR3
. RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tttraron Ferry, Foot ot Market Si
RAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
¦WEEK DAYS- 7:30. 9:00. 11:00 a. m. : 13:15.
S'-M. 5:10, 0:30 p. m. Thursday* — Eitra. trip
at 11:30 o. m. Saturday a— Extra trlpa at 1:M
. and 11:30 r. m.
BUNDATS-S:C0. 9:33. 11:C4 a, m.: 1:30, S:3dk
S:0O. fi:29 r>. m.
SAX BAFAKL TO SAN KRANCISCO.
"WEBK BATS- «:10. T:50. »:». 11:10 a. in.; 13:48.
1:49. 5:1', n. m. Saturday*— Extra trips at
1:13 nni 8:15 a m.
BUNDATS-«:10. 1:43. 11:19 Bw m.: 1:43. 1:49.
B.09. 8:25 p. m.
B*tw«<n San Praoelaco and Ecbaetzen Park
¦aica ichedula as abors.
L*»t» J In Effect { ArrlT"
¦ Baa J*rancl»co. [Apr. 15. 19C0.| Saa Francisco
" Week I Sua- I I Sun- I ¦Week"
¦ Dar». I days. | Destinatton.| days. | Car*.
7:39 ami 8:00 »m Nova to. 10:40 am! 8:40 ani
1:30 pm 9:10 am Petaluma. «:W pm 10:25 ara
8:13 pmi 1:00 pm Santa Roaa. 7:35 pm! 6:30 pm
Fulton.
T:3C am Windsor. Jfl'.S am
H Ln d ton Uf *
Ceyserrille.
1:30 pra f :C0 ara Cloverdale. T:33 pm «:3r> pn»
T:!J aio] I Hopland j I1O:ZS am
l*i tm\ t:CO am and UTclah. | 7:35 pm| t:V) pin
TJOaaa] I ( IJ:£ua
S:00 am OaeraeTUle.! 7:35 pm
ta8pra j 8:20 pra
f:9tia 1:00 am Sonoma 9:13 am S:40ua
and
1:19 pra f:C4 pm Glen Kllea. <:0S pra <:W pm
T:O am] l:C9am| 110:40 am[10:z? ami
l:S8 pq| i:C0 pr§| ggpastcpoL | 7:g pm| «:W pru
Staites connect at Santa Roira for Mark Wett
Bprlnra and Whltr 9ulphnr Springs: at Pultoa
t»z Aitraria: at Lrtton fcr Lytton aprin«»: at
G«ya*rrlll» f?r Ekaxt* Sprtnz*; at Cloverdal*
for ta« 0f79*n; at Hosland for Duncaa
Qyriiifra. Hlchland Pprlnirs. KflservHIe, Carls*
bal Bpr!n», Bod* Bay. LaJteport and Bartlett
Eprlaes; at ITkiah for Vichy Springs, Saratov's
nrlafs. Bine Lake*. Laurel Dell Lak«. Witter
B»f!nia, Uotw Lake. Pomo, Potter Valley.
Joh« Day's. RW*r«t<5e. Llerlwy's. Buckncll's.
Samaa4rln KeUhts. Hullvtlle. Orr-s Hot
SprlBcs. M"«ndoclno City. Fort Braca;. Wnt-
pojt, C*al. 'WHUts. Laytonyills, Cummins.
B-Il'i Bpriasa, Harris. Olwn'a, Dy-r. Scctl*
and Xureka.
Saturday to Moaday round tlto t'eketa a*
r»d»e»<! rate*. »
On , Banday r»iind trip tickets to all potota
b«nr<Mid ?an TTafa*! st half rates.
Tleket off.c««. 133 Market it. Chronicle V.ig.
H. C. WH1T1NO. R. X. RYAN.
General Mtnattr. Cen. Pan. Acant.
BORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD,,
Via Sausallto Ferry-
CammenclntT April I!. 130ft.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLET
AND 9AN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:00. •8:30. 9:M. ll:0» a. m.|
12:'5. *1:45. 3:15. 4:15. *7-.15. 8:13. 8:44 p. m.
EXTRA TUIP3— For Mill Valley and Saa
Rafael, on Mondays. Wednesdays. Saturdays
and Sundays, at 9:00 and 11:35 p. m.
BUNDAY8-7:W. «J:00. *J:eO. •10:00. U:M. 11:I»
a. m. : 13:43. *l:30. 2:30. *>:45. 6:00. *:00, 2:29
p. m.
11:00 a. tn. does not run to Saa Rafael Sua-
•ars.
Trains marked (•> ran to San Quentla.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO 8AN FRANCI3COC
WEEK DATS— «:IS. •8:30. 7:60. 8:40. »10:15 a.
m.: l>:30. 1:15. 2:15. •3:30. 4:30. 5:24 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays \
and Saturdays at *<:43 and 10:29 p. m. >
BUNDAY&~«:15. •«:(», «9:50. •11:00a. m.; *13:0«
m.-. l:C0. 2:13. »»:SOt 4^0. •5:45. 8:45. 1:30. v>2»
p. m.
Trains marked <•) start from San Quentla.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS-6:53. «:«. S:0O. 8:55. 10:M a.
m.: lt:33. 1:45. 2:43. 3:30. 4:30. 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS- on Mondays. Wednesdays)
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:20 p. m.
BUNDAYS— 8:33. 3:05. 10:03. 11:10 a. m. : 12:UL
l:J0. J:M. »:«. 4:55. 1:13. 7:0* 10:30 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINa
T:60 a. in. week days— Cazadero and way sta-
tions.
1:11 p. m. Saturdays— Cazadera and way ita-
tJoaa.
I:U p. m. weekdays {Saturdays exceptJd>—
Paiat Reyes and way stations.
1:90 a. tn. Sundays— Caaadero and way stav>
O6M
11:45 p. m. Euailay*— Point Rcyea and *t|
stations. . -
SANTA F^E ROUTE
TRAINS.
MARKET-bTREET FEIIHY.
Leave: OTerland: Dally forChica- ArrtrsT*
ca, Kansas City. Denver
and all Eastern points,
El Paso. City of Mex-
tco, Prescott and Phoe-
nix. Arts.. Rakersfleld.
» a. m. Vlralia. Tulare. Han- < B. m>
ford, Fresno, Merced,
Stockton. Antloch. Stand-
ard and Tourist Sleejv
• era to Chicago. Dining
car between Stockton N
and Bakersfletd.
Stockton Local: For ?an|
4:10 p. m. Pablo. Pinole. Mutr. Bay 11:05 a. m.
? Point. Cornwall. Antl-
ech and Stockton.
~~]5akersfleld Local: For San
Pablo. Pinole. Mulr. Bay
Point. Cornwall. Antl-
1 Ip. m. eeh. Stockton. Merced. S a. oa.
Fresno, Hanford. Vlsa-
lla. Tulare and Bakers-
field. Sleepers to Fresno
and Bakersdeld. "
TICKET "OFFICES: SM Market st. -.".*
ferry Depot, foot of Market st.; San Francisco,
lilt Broadwajr. Oakland
BAIUtO AD TBAVEL :
MOUNT TAMALPAI3 SCENIC RAILWAY
Leave San Francisco via Eausalito Ferry:
WEEK DAYS....9:20 a. m.. 1:45 and 5:15 p. m.
SUNDAYS S. 9. 10, 11 a. m.. 1:30. 2:3ft p. m.
Fare San Francisco to Summit and return, SI 10"
NEW TAVERN OF TAMALPAI3 NOW OPEN
S'i. Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
|<?25KEAttN**T. ettafclW*
dk In iu l tor the treatment of Private
Ef Diseases, Lost itansiwxt Debility or
B 2', s ?*%* TearlB f.S. 11 b « 1 r*oiiiaind»n<»
M Skin DlMMi* The doctor cures when
M ntnerstalL Try him. Charter low
HrnmnaranUAi. Cfcliorwrtta
lilBBVK, Box. 1937. Saa Fraaciaeo
PERSONALS.
jSS HUDSON RIVER CO..
§ KOPKE BROS.
-\ Mattreesp? ar.fl pillows made to order. r«-
.overed ar.d renovated; honest work guaran-
teed; prices deTy competition: fire upholstery;
l^hor.e ;.3^: factory. SIS and 220 Eleventh St.;
:ir*t-olass cleaning and dyeing. <0S Sutter St..
t^sr Francisco. **
BLCCTBXC lights m every room— Winchester
¦ Hctel. 44 Third St.. near Market: 700 ronm*;
¦?r>c tn n -"0 per night; $1 50 to $6 r^r week;
\rr+ 'bus end barrage to and from the ferry-
INSTITUTE of Science: pucgeFtlve therapeu-
tW; magnetic hes'lng; personal magnetism;
• lijynr.tiFtti. Prof, fisher, instructor. £17 Masn.
J^LES— SOO permanent cures In San Francisco
uho can b* seen: iv-> operation: no pain: par-
t'.ulcars sent. A3. rr.vfician. bos 1350. Call.
W ANTED- O:d-f»f hic.ned sliver, brass, copper
ware; curios, nil doprriptiens. £25 Pupont St.
FUITS to order m eafy payment?. Art Tailor-
ing Oa.. riarr-iner building, room 407.
j. LFRKDCMS Eiryptian Henna restores gray
fcsir to Its nstural color. $1; at all druggists.
CAFT-OFF clothinr. nia gold and silver bought;
perl roy'al. fQLKMAX'S t.06 Kearay st.
I'HYSICIANS AXD SCRGEO..a.
DR. J. HERBERT REEVE. 26!£ Kearny~sC
curf-p by illil I III HI Norvous Prostration. In-
.^omiiia. Asthma. Rheumatism, Paralysis. Ca-
tarrh. Consumption. Kidney, and all Inflam-
matory cases; diseases diagnosed.
PR. CRANSTON, the great specialist, has re-
fiijifS rractlc« at 1206 Market et., corner
Taylor: offices 25 and 26; take elevator.
CHHONIC diseases of rr.en. women; cures guar- ]
ar.teed. DR. GOIU3IX. 614 Pine, nr. Keamy. j
bit. C. C. O'DONNELL— Offlc* and residence, j
3C21S Market St.. bet. Sixth and Seventh.
*IEAL ESTATE — CITY — FOR SALE.
ill II UME5EN & CO.
AX'CTIOX.
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
„ AUCTION.
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
•At c-Jr salesroom MONDAY. August 20, 1300,
at 12 o'clock noon.
SIXTH-ST. BUSINESS CORNER.
Executor's Pale.
NE. comer of Pixth and Clementina eta. : j
¦rQT«tasttml thre*-Ftory building, consisting of 2
stores and lodging house of 22 rooms: rents $1S3
per mcr.th; bath street* accepted; lot 40xSO:6;
rubject to confirmation by the court.
CHOICE RESIDENCE I>">TS ON PACIFIC
HEIGHTS.
AflnrinSstratcr's Fale.
BTV. corner of Brra'iway and Droderlck et.:
10 cr.o'.ce lots to be offered !r. subdivisions, com-
lri «-Te"choic>st reeider.ee district of the Pacific
Heights; lots 27:€xl37:€; subject to confirmation
by the court.
CHOICE rREPIDIO HEIGHTS BUILDING
LOTS.
Jackson tt., P. !iri<\ west of Walnut: 2 choice
rwJder.ce lots commanding a fine marine view;
I'XIW each.
FILLMORE-ST. BUSINESS CORNER.
113. US, 137 and 319 Fillmore Et. and 103 Ger-
f fiats of 4 an.l 5 rooms and bath «-acn; bay
t. tr.dows, brick foundation, stone sidewalks,
*'e. ; rents JS4 per month; both streets accepted;
lot 4Sx«l:3; bank mortgage of $6300 can remain. !
REFEREE SALE.
The two following lots, by order of Henry
T. Urr.bsen, sole referee, subject to conflrma-
T.in by the court.
Fifteenth st., S. line near Market and San-
<nfz. 2 choice buiMlne lots 25x100 each.
ADMINISTRATORS SALE.
Thf thre» following properties, subject to con-
' rrr.atlon ry the court:
No. 1.
NW. corner of Twenty-fifth and Capp sts. ;
residence of 11 rooms and bath; brick founda-
tion, stone walk, etc : both street? bitumlnlzed
and acceded; lot 3£xll5 to rear alley.
No. 2.
•Let 6. block 106. University Mound Homestead.
gttDxUft.
No. 3.
Lot* 15 ar.d 16, In blrx* 4. City Land Assocla-
i • or.; WxUa.
'•*• FIRST-ST. IN-VESTMKNT.
Z~£ First st.. near Folsom. 2-story dwelling
cf 8 rooms and bath, and 1-story dwelling of
S rooms en Boston place; rents $J6 50 per month;
lot 2ixS7:€ with •'L"; 2»x25.
MISSION BUILDING LOTS.
_ , Must he soM to close an estate.
PW. Twenty-fourth and Bellevue sts. ; lol 70x
121; close to car line.
REFEREE SALE.
C2 C!ara_6t., NW. line, near Fourth; 2-story !
Elreet accepted by the city;" lot 2ox75.
Tcr further particulars apply at our efflce.
G. }l. UMBSEN & CO.,
14 Montgomery «t.
A. M. SPECK & CO.. 6«7 MARKET ST
REAL ESTATE AOEXTa
FULL CHARGE TAKEN' OF PROPERTY
$;2,ooo.
Lot XCCjd29 feet and improvements: S front-
etreF: vicin.ty ai new City Hall; splendid In-
vestment.
tSC.roo.
Far.Fcme-st. comer; 137:6x127:6 feet; brick
V-jiidine: leased; pays better interest than bank
or bonds.
I42.OOO.
Corner; fr^lio fe*t; modern building; close
to Powell and Putter its.; pays 8 per cent net;
1 tenant.
JC.nnn.
<">rner; rer.ts S4.W1 annually; lot 80x137:6 feet;
ra;s 10 per cent net.
F:\ty-foot corner: Jon»s st.. near Post; In the
center of the finest Jiotel and lodging house
¦district.
J2".OC0.
M--<Ul!5ter-st. corner; Ftore and fiats; new
fc'j:!d;rig; r^ts $3700 annually.
$15,000.
<">irrer: near O'Farrell and Leavenwortb sts. ;
etcir*", flat and bouse.
$'»m
Market -ft. corner; store, flat and bailment;
tt .-xiern building; former price $15,000.
$6«K>.
I'oft yt.; 3 flats; rent $60.
$3250.
"M.fsinn flats; rests $510 annually; near
tr-'nty-fcurth st.
A. M. SPECK & CO.. 667 Market Et.
BHL GETZ tz BROTHER.
ROOM A. CROCKER BUILDING.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
Takie. AdvRr.tage of the Very Low Prices: Don't
Fail to ?o« Us Before Buying! ;
{25* to $SO0 — Choicest Sunset lots, near new
Siusic Stand; ready to build on; |10 monthly.
$:'.O to $75A— Choice Richmond lot* for traild-
fbs; $10 monthly.
ITS to !2M — On Mission st. and San 2fateo car
line; only J5 monthly payments.
1501 to flOW— For Firal! «>otta£es: splendid lo-
tions; near cars: payments same as rent.
Call for Maps and Diagrams.
BOL GETZ & BROTHER,
ROOM A. CROCKER BUILDING.
$c:a-THE cfcaac* of a lifetime; must be sold-
nf&X lH-ftory house. 5 rooms; lot ECxizS feet;
* n/irth eide Montana rt.. S3& feet west of Capi-
tal ave.; garden; chicken-house; Spring Val-
key water; Railroad - Homestead Association.
CHAS. C. FISHER. €24 Market et.. or owner
on prem!s«, MR. RYAN.
EXECUTORS' Kale — Estate of the late FER-
GUS O'LEAET, on Market St.. No. 1280, new
r.nrr.ber 1458, lot <2S) twenty-nve feet front
by or.e hundred (100) feet deep; also two lots
directly Jn r«ar. twecty-flve (25) by one hun-
dred (100). on City Hall ave. Apply to WIL-
LIAM F. O'LEART. JOHN McDONOUGH.
KT>WARD J. LEART, executors, Rues
House.
•775C--THREE new modern CmX*. with raarbl*
«tf:ps. frescoed celling*, etc In th« best rent-
ing .section of the city; 1 block rrom Haiftht-
rt. cars, on Waller st., near Pierce; rents $960
-I»fcr year; easy terms. i
CO— CAHOAIX; new 3-room cottage on car
n«r: pood-Bized lot. BOVEE. TOT & CO.,
r 4 Market Ft.
B-itOOM cottag-e; 227 Runnysld« «vb. ; $£9 cash.
*:» r>»r month. THE McCARTHT CO.. 648
Market St.
HAVE you real ertate north of the Park or at
tit* Mission that you want to sell? Then call
fi W. J. OL'XX, £30 California st.
£-IiOOM cottage home; *60 cash. 130 per month.
¦THIS MCCARTHY CO., C46 Market st.
HODERJi house* built: l»w«it prices; plans and
*~! > *?' r " ates furnished. Campbell. 1147 Mission.
Xir.V cot tape, « rooms, bath; lot OOxlOO: Mls-
€f-n: fesy terms or vacant lot. 413 Kearny 8t."
gPSjjfci B«T ATE COU2VTRV — For Sale
J10.000-A FINR benrtnif/Vlneyard of 33 acres;
SHSi^SS rra ' Jy In eIx weeks; estimated at
. HJV. diatrirt fr«. of froet and fr*e of aim-.
*'** "• 1 '* _ "¦il'-s from Cloverdale; winery, ca-
n*tsty or XMM callons; this place wanta ln-
• »»£ * ? be Iuily appreciated; will not b*
- ? 1 A *^ r A he ut of September. Addresi
'•'^- •!' XJ-. ~44 Clfjverdale.
IfS^S "KACH f o- 7 a !7 : finest summ-r re-
¦ '¦'SST.J'^j? *Z y , "n^m? Coa:*; including cot-
' Ki; 2 , 1"** J J * u " ac « ranch, horses, cattle.
. l*£?*£. UI *"*>1*: well watered. GEO. DIL-
¦_ .«y<'- % . * QHialPt. Marin County, Cal.
, .C^r.ira Costa County; unn ur r *«- ¦»<;(» nrrea
ESrlS*/ ¥ n r ™™? r.'SSd ?£im£
_U L Person to R. K. -ROWLAND. Orinda Park.
'"SV'" 1 *"' IlKt: farn ™ «nd~cTi y property «.
¦ : -**~tirBMtII.»X". HEAL RSTATkT"
b 0 S r^^chl^ %$%£
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA HEAL ESTATE.
MODERN 6-room cottage for rent on Benton
st. Inquire of MARCUSE & REMMEL. Bay
Station, or B. II. WELCH & CO.. 13S3 Fifth
ave., Oakland.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
— — — .
_JJEIIKELEY UE.VIi J3STATE.
TO rent, near the university, a thoroughly
well appointed house of 10 rooms; In the very
l>e«t part of Berkeley; completo In every par-
ticular, with furnace, electric lights, gas. etc
Apply to MASON & McLEXAHEN. adjoining:
P. P.. Berkeley.
$2230— JUST completed; cottage house of ."i
rooms; modern In every respect; electric light-
ing; connected with gas and water mains:
fronting on Telegraph ave. and within ten
minutes' walk of the university: a perfect
poem. Apply to MASOX & McLEXATHEN,
Berkeley Station.
BAKE Investment for $7500; block of land favor-
ably located near coming: Santa Fe Railroad.
Particulars W1LLM0TT. 916 Market St., S. F.
FRUITVALE ADVERTISEMENTS
FRUITVALE REAL ESTATE.
! SUNNY Frultvale. near station; no fogs or
harsh winds; lovely lower flat, 4 rooms, fur-
I nished; reasonable; adults. Address box 5?,
i Frultvale.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE — 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
$300—25x110: ON north side Thirteenth, near
Center. BELDEN & COOK, Washington and
Fourteenth Ets.
LEFS than $13 per foot may buy It; make offer:
corner: 120xl4S; on Grove st. (the boulevard
ot Berkeley), near DwiKht way; street work
done. BELDEN & COOK. Washington and
( Fourteenth sts.
$1800 — SUNNY 6ide Edwards St.. near Telegraph
ave.; two-etory. 6 roqms; new and up to date.
BELDEN & COOK. Washincton and Four-
teenth EtS.
$2500— $2 JO DOWN, balance flat; two-story, 6
rooms, porcelain bath and sink, shades and
jras fixtures; }ust finished: in Berkeley, near
I>wlKht way station. BELDEN & COOK.
Washington and Fourteenth sts.
; $1500— WEST side Center St.. near Tenth; 6
rooms and bath; in first -class condition out-
Bide and In; lot 23x136. ISELDEN & COOK,
Washington and Fourteenth sts.
$1450— CAMPBELL St.. near Fourteenth; 5
rooms and bath: has Just been thoruughly
reno\-ated. BELPEN & COOK. Washington
and Fourteenth sts.
BUN ALL DAY.
i A PERFECT HOME PLACE.
JtlaO— This cozy modern Easdake cottage of
i 5 large rooms, with extra large bathroom and
pantry and front and back hall: high bsne-
! menfc with wash trays aond cement floor; all
in fine condition: occupied by owner and can
be s°en at any time; lot 37'ixlOO feet (note the
sise), with plenty of room for driveway and
I barn if wanted; lawn In front and rear: stone
I walks; stone coping; garden and a few ehaile
i trees: title perfect and warranted: street mac-
I adamize-3. sewered and accepted: the nicest lo-
j cntlcn along Telegraph ave.; rapidly improving
! in value; only a step to 2 electric lines;' this
j cost over $1500: reason of selling is owner owes
$21X0; readily rentable at $20.
S-e CEO. W\ AUSTIN & CO..
The Exclusive Agents,
IOCS Broadway, Oakland.
i $175 'CASH. $10 monthly: new cottage. 3 large
rooms; 7-foot basement; brick foundation; 4
large level lots. 50x256, price all told $775:
will fence and finish up to suit buyer; plenty
of g'>od water; soil, climate and view the very
best: close to -electric car line and 90-foot-wlde
t>oulevard. end not far from model school-
house; no foes nor raw winds here; Westhall
Tract, adjoining East Oakland; 10 buildings
| r°ne up already; more coming; call or send for
circular. 455 Seventh st. , near cor. Broadway,
Oakland; carriage free. HENRY Z. JONES,
owner.
A — 14 PER cent Income property; modern flats,
few blocks from Broadway; renting for $20 per
month; owner non-resident .and Instructs to
sell at once: $1700 buvn them: eee us imme-
diately. BELDEN & COOK. Washington and
Fourteenth ste.
OAKLA.VD HOUSES TO LET.
TO let— 4 furnished 'rooms. 1612 Fifteenth «t.,
bet. Peralta and Campbell, West Oakland.
OAK LA XD FURNITURE FOR SALE.
AN Introduction to you from H. Schellhaas, the
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin, Oakland.
ROO.MS FOR HOUSEKEEPING;
AT 62 Second— Light housekeeping, $1 50 to $2 50
per wk. : single and double, $1 to $2 60 per wk.
CAPP. 552— To let, 5 or 6 large sunny rooms
for housekeeping.
EDDY. 604 — Sunny furnished corner room; run-
ning water: gas stove and kitchen; complete
for housekeeping.
EIGHTH. 346. near Market— 1 or 2 sunny front
bedrooms and kitchen furnished for house-
keeping: hot and cold water.
ELLIS, 790— Two nice furnished rooms suit-
able for housekeeping.
FIFTH. 34«— Suite of rooms furnished for
FOURTH. 225— Nice front room suitable for
two; also Flngle,
HOWARD. E2S — 2 large sunny rooms, furnished
for housekeeping, with sink and running
water; terms reasonable.
HOWARD, 634-Sunny parlors, $2 50; large
rocms. $2; suites, $2 50.
HOWARD, lOSS 1 *— Sunny completely furnished
housekeeping rooms; also others.
JESSIE. 812, off Ninth, near Market-2 sunny
unfurnished rooms, $7.
LARKIX. $04 — Sunny front suite, $13; sunny
back bedroom and kitchen, $11; large front, $9.
LARKIN. 1004, near Post— Sunny rooms; light
housekeeping; double room, t& month.
LEWIS, 1?, off Taylor, near Post— 3 unfurnished
and furnished rooms to let.
NOE. 153. north of Market— 2 sunny front rooms
In upper flat; gras range.
O'FARRELL, 743— Two or three neatly fur-
nished rooms for housekeeping. $11 to $20.
PINE. 704 — Sunny front suite; furnished: stove,
folding bed; running water; no bill; $12 50.
PINE, 1128— Rooms for housekeeping; furnished;
or unfurnished; also sunny alcove room.
SILVER. 165. near Fourth— 2 cheap furnished
rooms for housekeeping.
TURK, £43— Sunny bedroom and kitchen, com-
plete for housekeeping; gas, bath and laun-
riry; $13. ¦
VAN NESS ave., 43 — Front sunny rooms for
housekeeping, $18 a month: also large front
room for 2 persons, $12 and $8; front Van Ness.
VAN NESS. 402—2 elegantly furnished sunny
rooms; complete housekpg.; gas stove; reas.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1098
Valencia st.
ROOMS TO LET — Porn, and Infarn.
A^-BRUICSWICKTiouSB^ nT^slxth— Rooms
26c to $1 per night, $1 25 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping; open all night.
BOHEMIA. 239 Post— Finest sunny suites In
city for families and gentlemen : all conveni-
ences; special accommodation for tourists.
BURNETT. 1426 Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-
nished rat., suites, single; also unfurnished.
BUSH. £20— Nicely turn, sunny rooms; $1 60 to $7
wk.; 25c to $1 W ntght. MRS. P. RANFT.
FOLSOM, *20. nr. Fourth— Furnished rooms. $1
per week.
FOLSOM. S65. cor. 6th (The Oliver)— New fur-
nlshed sunny rms, single or suites; reasonable.
GRAND SOUTHERN, southeast corner Seventh
and Mission sts. — Sunny rooms, en suite or
single; ladies' parlor; reading-room; elevator.
GRANT ave.., 21 (The Wellington)— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms by. day, week, month.
HOTEL Francisco— Elegant suites; single; tran-
sient: baths. MRS. KING, Turk and Taylor.
HOWARD. S29— Rooms from $1 week up to $5;
25c to $1 night; also housekeeping rooms.
JESSIE. 373, nr. Fifth and Market— Furnished
rooms, $3; housekeeping, $9.
LAS PALMAS. 1S20 Market St.— Suite of 2 or 3
ret.; private; bath; uln. rms.: board optional.
MARKET. 10">S— Nicely furnished. sunny rooms;
transient or by vreek. - ¦-:- . -.-,>-
MINNA. «67. ' corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room. II per. week; transient.
O'FARRELL. JO— Sunny ! furnished rooms and
offices; elevator: electric lights; day, wk.. mo.
POWELL, 121— Light, clean rms.; suites or sin-
gle; transient; running water; rates reduced.'
POWELL. 612A— I*arg« sunny, front room neat-
ly furnished, and others.
ROOMS TO LET— Fnrn. nnd Unf nrn.
POWELL, 503— A new and very nice!*' furnish-
ed front and back room, ¦ - I
ROSEDALE House, 313 and 321 Ellis st.— Room*,
night 25c to $1, week $1 25 to $4; open night.- •
ROYAL HOUSE. 126 Ellis st.— Incandescent
light; reading-room, smoking-room and ladies'
parlor; rooms, per night, 35c to Jl SO: week, $2
to $8; month, $S to $20; elevator on office floor,
rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth sTT
near Market— Furnished or unfurnished.
SOUTH PARK. SO— Sunny front room and use
of bath In private family; rent reasonable.
SUTTER, 1105 — Large sunny rear room; closet;
running water; ?S per month; also single
front rooms, $6.
TENTH. 26S— 2 furnished front rooms, single
and double
THE OAKS. 119 Third— A good rooming house
for good people. R. HUGHES, proprietor.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH of Hce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st.
ROOMS AND BOARD'.
ALMORA, corner Twentieth and Mission sts.—
Beautifully furnished pultes or single rooms:
all modern conveniences; excellent table;
terms moderate.
rooms and board wanted.
WANTED — By young man from "Washington.
D. C, in Government, room and board with
private family In Western Addition; must bo
first-class; desire a home: best references fur-
lilshcd. Address P. O. box 2243, city. ¦
REMOVAL NOTICE.
REMOVAL Notice— The Kragen Furniture Co.
hap removed to 1015-1017 Market, near Sixth,
-where they will be pleased to gee friends.
SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA.
JEOOO— 10H ACRES best oranges and
apricots— first year bearing.
5-room cottage and lot 50x100; choice locality.
2 lots COxllO, near center of town. All in
Pomona, CaU Cash, or might exchange
for property i n or near San Francisco. Reason
for selling, owner moving.
Address B. P., box 175, San Rafael, at once.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
LADIES — Chichester's English Pennyroyal Pills
are the best; safe, reliable: take no other;
send 4c stamps for particulars. "Relief for
Ladies," in letter by return mail: at drug-
gists. Chichester Chemical Co.. Philadol., Pa.
ROOMS papered from $2 50; whitened. Jl up;
painting done. Hartman Paint Co., 319 Third.
BEST stamp photos and buttons on earth.
PORE. 13S0 Markot St.. above Jones. .__
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO.,
4ta Montgomery St.. rooms 9-10; tel. 55S0.
STORAGE AXD WAREHOUSES.
WILSON BROS., storage and moving; covered
vans. Tenth and Market; phone South 762.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Fillmore St.: phone Jackson 2S1.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co., 722 Mission St.;
tel. Main 1S40— Packing, moving and storage.
SEWING MACHIXES AXD SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought, sold and repairing guaran-
teed. Chas. Plambeck, 1913 Mission, nr. 15th.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented;
repairing at lowest rates. 203 Fourth St.
TYPEWRITERS AXD SUPPLIES.
GREAT BARGAINS IN TT^E^VRITEItS^AV-e
sell better machines for lens money thin any
house in the city; rentals, $3. The Typewriter
Exchange, 53G California, telephone Main 266.
NEW typewriters. $5 down, $5 month payments.
REVALK. 409 California St.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND No. S2 (twenty-flve cents per
Ehare) of the Hutchinson Sugar Plantation
Company will be payable at the office of the
company, 327 Market St., on and after MON-
DAY. August 20, 1500. Transfer books closed
on Tuesday, August H. 1900. at 3 o'clock p. m.
E. H. SHELDON'. Secretary.
PROPOSALS.
PROPOSALS for Oats and Hay^Depot^Quar^
termaster's office. 36 New Montgomery st..
San Francisco. Cal., August 13, 1900. — Sealed
proposals, in triplicate, will b« received at
this office until 11 o'clock a. m., August 23.
1SC0, Pacific standard time, and then opened
for furnishing 3000 tons Oats and 1j00 tons
Compressed Hay. Preference will b« -given
to articles of domestic production and manu-
facture, conditions of price and quality being
equal (including in the price of foreign pro-
duction and manufacture the duty thereon),
and such preference will be given to articles
of American production and manufacture
produced on the Pacific Coast, to the extent
of the consumption required by the public
service there. The United 8tates reserves
the right to accept or reject any or all pro-
pouals or any part thereof. Information and
blanks for proposals will be furnished on ap-
plication. Envelopes containing proposals will
be Indorsed "Proposals for Oats and Hay,"
and addressed to Major OSCAR F. LONG,
Quartermaster, U. S. Vols., Depot Quarter-
master.
PROPOSALS for Caskets— Depot Quartermas-
ter's office, 36 New Montgomery St., San
Francisco, Cal.. August 15. 1900. Sealed pro-
po«als. In triplicate, will be received at this
office until 11 o'clock a. m.. September 15,
1900, Pacific standard time, and then opened,
for furnishing S00 caskets. Preference will
be given to articles of domestic production
and manufacture, conditions of price and
quality being equal (including in the price of
foreign production and manufacture the duty
thereon), and such preference will be given
to articles of American production and manu-
facture produced on the Pacific Coast to the
extent of the consumption required by the
public service there. The United States re-
serves the right to accept or reject any or
all proposals or any part thereof. Information
and blanks for proposals will be furnished on
application. Envelopes containing proposals
will be indorsed "Proposals No. 6330 for Cas-
kets." and addressed to MAJOR OSCAR F.
1/3NG. Quartermaster, U. 8. VoIb., Depot
Quartermaster.
CONSTRUCTION of »ewer— Sanitary District
No. 1 of Marin County, Cal.. asks for bids for
the construction of a system of eewers In
Roei Valley, Marin County, as per plans and
specifications on file with the secretary.
Right reserved to reject any and all bids.
Bidders will please call between the hours of
9 a. n. and 12 m., and 2 and 4 p. m. All bids
will be opened at a meeting of the Sanitary
Board, to be held at the office of the secre-
j tary. on Friday. Aug. 17. at 11 o'clock a. m.
Each bid must be accompanied by a certified
check for 6 per cent of the amount of the bid.
The successful bidder will be required to fur-
nish a satisfactory bond for the full amount
of the contract price.
HENRY F. ALLEN. President.
T. B. BERRY. Sec. 120 Sutter St.. S. F.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The fcllowlne marriage licenses were issued
yesterday:
Ernest H. Corder, 24, 28 Norfork street, and
Bella Crosby. 18. 26 Norfolk street.
Harry H. V. Jones, 26, 824 O'Farrell street,
and Estrella G. Gilberts, 24, 1S22 OTarrell
street.
Lincoln W. Hill, 30. 430 Fell street, and
Mabel V. Oillett, 20, 428 Fell street.
Theodore Hemlngs, 45, 1018 Powell street, and
Alice M. Fisher, 20, 527 Howard street.
Frederick Denges, 41, 1050 Folsom street, and
Maude Mabley, 23, San Francisco.
Aaron II. Cook, 36. 63 Tehama street, and
Rosa L. Mann, 30, 775 Mission street.
Frank Corves, 30, New York city, and Anna
M. Steele, 26. 3616A Sixteenth street.
Ernest R. Talt. 39, Oakland, and Cecilia Me-
Lauehlin, 21, Oakland.
Charles W. Moriarlty, 31, San Francisco, and
Sarah E. McQuaide, 21, San Francisco.
William F. ltingnatada, 40, Athlone, Cal.,
and Josephine Vasche. 27. Athlone, Cal.
Charles Giay, 29. 676 -Geary street, and Kris-
tene Sorensen, 26, 107 Taylor street.
BIRTHS— MARRlAaES—DEATHSr
Birth, marriage . and death notices sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name -and residence of per-
eons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
CAMPBELL— In this city, August 15, 1900, to
the wife of G. Lindsay Campbell, a son. ,
OPPERMANN— In Vallejo. August 6, 1900, to
the wife of W. H. Oppermann, a son. ;
WEHR— In Mill Valley, Cal., August 14, 1900,
to the wife of Gustave Wehr, a son.
MARRIED.
BRIGGS— HAGUE— In this city, August 15,
1900, by the Rev. S. D. Hutslnplller, Elmer E.
Brlggs and Grace I. Hague, both' of San
Francisco.
BOLTON— McKOY— In this city, August 13,
WOO. by the Rev. Dr. John A. H. Wilson,
Curtis Arthur Bolton and Ray McKoy, both
of Gait, Sacramento County, Cal.
GRAY— SOR.ENSEN— In this city, August 14.
1S00, by the Rev. S. D. Hutsinpiller, Charles
> Gray and Kristene Soiensen, both of San .
Francisco. • .
HEMMINGS— FISHER— In this city, August 15,
1JKK), by the Rev. Dr. John A. B. • Wilson.
Theodore Hemmlncs and Alice . Matilda
FU-her. both of. San Francisco. .
McWA DE— STEWART— In this city, August 13.
1S0O, by the Rev. Dr. John A. B. Wilson.
David Dale Me Wade of Oakland anfi .Eliza-
beth Stewart of Napa, Cal." ¦
STEINWEG— MINOR— In -this city. August 12.
1900, by the Rev. Dr. John A. B. Wilson,
Charles ¦ George Steinweg and Emma Minor,
both of San Francisco. ¦ "
DIED.
Ahern. Thomas Jurgens. R. D. Jr.
Barrett. Michael Kelly, Edith A. ,
Bennett, Daniel Lauck. George
Bergen, Mary Ann Manning, John
Carroll. James Morrison, George H.
Craig. Marearet Mahoney, Geraldine
Duboce. Victor D. McGee, Eileen
Edstrom. Thomas Pooley, John C.
Fay. Mary A. Rafferty. John B.
Flcod, Mary C. • Itiley. Winnie
Glrseh, Hedwis . Russell, Lord
Hart. John Schwarze, Hermann
Hamilton. James Slater, Patrick t ¦
Hayden. John Sullivan. Tirnothjy
Hunt, Eilrar L.. .St. Clair, Harriet
Hurley, John Williamson. Margaret
AHERN'— In the City and County Hospital.
Ausust Hi ;-. 1900. Thomas .Ahern. a native of
Ireland, aced 76.
BARRKTT— In this city, August 14, 1900,
Michael, beloved husband of the late Annie
Barrett, and father of Mary and Josephine
Barrett, a native of Queens County, Ireland,
aged Gl years and 2 months.
CTTrlends and acquaintances are respect-
. fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at ?:45 o'clock, from the parlors of
the Pacific Undertakers, 777 Mission street,
thence to St. Patrick's Church for services,
commencing at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
BENNETT— In this city. August 14, 1900, Dan-
iel Bennett, a native of County Westmeath.
Ireland, aged 55 years and 5 months. Late
serceant of the Eighth United States In-
fantry. Retired member of Colonel O. F.
Iaihk Garrison No. 101, R. and V. A. and
N. U.
BERGEN— In 'this city, August 14. 1900. Mary
Ann, beloved wife of the late Patrick Bergen,
and mother of Amelia Bergen and Mrs.
Emma Ryan, a native of Ireland, aged 63
years.
[CTFrlcr.ds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
<Thurs<Jay). at 1:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, 202 Langton street, thence to St.
Joseph's Church for services, commencing at
2 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
CARRCKLr— In this city. August 13. 1900, James
Carroll, a native of Ireland, aged 64 years.
O" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 8:45 o'clock, from the parlors
of J. C. O'Connor & Co., 767 Mission street,
thence to St. Patrick's Church, where a
•solemn requiem high mass will be celebrated
for the repose of his soul, commencing at 9
o'clock. - Interment Holy Cro3s Cemetery.
XOTlCn— Members of the Gentlemen's Sodality.
St. Ignatius Church, are requested to attend
the funeral of the late James Carroll, at the
above time, and place. By order of the
Prefect. JAMES R. KELLY.
MAURICE J. POPE. Secretary.
CRAIG— In this city, August 15, 1800. Margaret,
beloved wife of the late Michael Craig, and
sister of Mrs. Jane La.fT.erty. John Patten
and the late Henry Patten, a native of
County Derry, Ireland, aged 73 years and
7 months.
IC?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Jo-morrow
(Friday), at 8:30 from her late 'residence,
35 Tehama street, thence to St. Patrick's
Church, where a requiem high mass will be
celebrated for the repose of her soul, at
9:30 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
DUBOCE— In this city, August 15, 1S00, Victor
D., beloved husband of Mary C. Duboce, and
father of Frank Duboce, and son of August
Duboce, a native of Springfield. Illinois, aged
44 years 11 months and 9 days.
EDSTROM— Entered unto rost. In this city,
August 1j. liiOO, Thomas, beloved husband of
Anna EdFtrom. father of Mra. D. J. Firming,
and grandfather of Will J. and Anna M. G.
Fleming, a native of Prince Edward Island,
aged 78 years 8 months and 21 days.
IliyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Irtvlted to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 10 o'clock, from the residence of
his con-in-law, I>. J. Fleming. 370O Twenty-
second strt-.et. corner of Sanchez. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
FAY— In this city, August 14, 1900, Mary A.,
dearly beloved wife of Peter Fay. a native of
County Armagh. Ireland, aged 68 years.
(L^TThe funeral will take place thin day
(Thursday), at 9 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 1130 Vallejo street, thence to St. Brig-
id's Church, corner Van Ness avenue and
Broadway, where a solemn requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
soul, commencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery, by electric cars from
Fourteenth and Mission streets. Kindly
omit flowers.
FLOOD— In. this city, August 13, 1900, Mary
Catherine, daughter of Michael and the late
Ellen C. Flood, sister of Nellie C. Michael
A. and Joseph C. Flood, and niece of Mrs.
James Regan, aeed 30 years,
icy Not Ice of funeral hereafter.
GIRSCH— In this city, August 13, 1900, Hedwig.
dearly beloved daughter of Paul and Chris-
tina Glr3ch, and beloved sister of Paul Jr.
and Elvlna Girsch. and stepsister- of Fred,
Tina, Maria, Tessie, Herrman and Henry
llelbush, a native of San Francisco, aged 9
months and 10 days.
HART-In this -city, August 13, 1900, John
Hart, belovd brother of Lucy Brown, a na-
tive of Cork. Ireland, agred 91 years 1 month
and 24 days.
EjTFriendB and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), from St. John's Evangelist
Church, Mission road, where a requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of his
soul at 9 o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary
Cemetery.
HAMILTON— In St. Helena. Cal., August 14,
1900, James Hamilton, beloved father of Sid-
ney and Jerome Hamilton, and brotber of
Sarah and Amelia. Hamilton, a native of
" IiUbec, Maine, aged 68 years 2 months and
24 days.
OTrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
this day (Thursday), at 2 o'clock, at Trinity
Church, corner of Gough and Bush streets.
HAVDEN— In the City and County Hospital,
August 15, 1900. John Hayden, a native of
California, aeed 21 years.
HUNT- In this city. August 15, 1900. Edgar L..
beloved son of William B. and Frances T.
Hunt, and brother of W. L. and , George E.
Hunt, a native of San Francisco, ngedlS
years. (Detroit. Mich., papers please copy.)
(CT'N'otice of funeral hereafter.
HURLEY— In this city. August 15, 1900. John,
beloved ?on of William and Nellie Hurley,
a native of San Francisco, aged 4 months.
JURGENS— In this city, August 15, 1D0O.
Richard D. Jr.. dearly beloved and only son
of Richard D. and the late Caroline Jurgeno,
and brother of Mrs. H. Hartje and Lena
Jurgens, a native of San Francisco, aged 1?
y<?ars S months and 28 days.
KELLY— In this city. August 15. 1900. Edith
Agnes, beloved daughter of James and Maria
Kelly, a native of San Francisco, aged 13
years 9 months and 21 days.
IC^Frionds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 9 o'clock, from the parents'
residence, 1527 Sanchez street, near Twenty-
ninth, thence to St. Paul's Church, where a
requiem high mass will be celebrated for the
reposo of her soul, at 9:30 o'clock. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
LAUCK— In Santa Clara, AugusJ 14, 1500,
George Lauck, a native of Baden, Germany,
a£ed <>2 years. <.
(GTThe funeral will fake place this day
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from the family
residence at Santa Clara.
MANN1NO-In the City and County Hospital,
August 14, 1900. John Manning; a native of
Ireland, aised 66 years.
MORRISON— In Alameda. August 13. 1C0O,
George Howard, husband of Mary E. Mor-
rison, and father of Mildred H. P. Morrison,
Mrs. E. Bruce Elliott. George Howard Jr.
and Helen F. Morrison, a native- of Maine,
aged 54 yc-ars 9 months and S days. (Boston,
Mass., and Maine papers please- copy.)
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 2. o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 2123 Eagle avenue, under the auspices
of Fainsworth Lodge No. 95, 1. O. O. F.
Interment Mountain View Cemetery.
THE VETERAN ODD FELLOWS are re-
quested to attend the funeral of Past Presi-
dent George H. Morrison, at 2123 Eagle
avenue, Alameda, at 2 o'clock, this day
(Thursday). F. A. WECK, President.
WILLIAM H. BARNES, Secretary.
MAHONEY— In this city, August 15, 1900,
Geraldine, denrly beloved daughter of M. C.
and Delia Mahoney, aged 10 months and
IS days.
ETThe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Friday), at 10 o'clock, from the residence of
her pa'rents, 1S14 Green street. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
McGEE— In this city. August 14, 1900, Eileen."
infant daughter of Thomas F. and Sadie
McGee, a native of San Francisco, aged 2
days.
POOLEY— In this city, August 1», 1900, at 418
Sutter street. John Carols, beloved husband
of Anne Pooley, a native of England, aged
68 years. *.--:'•
E7"Requlem high mass will be nungr at St.
Mary'B (PaulisUO Church, this day (Thurs-
day), at 9:30 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
RAFFERTY— In this city, August 13, 1900,
John B. RafCerty, a' native of Massachusetts,
aced 57 years. •
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited -to attend the funeral this day
(Thuroday), at 10:45 o'clock, from the parlors
of J. C. O'Connor & Co.. 767 Mission street,
thence to St: Patrick's Church for services,
at 11 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross , Ceme -
terj*. -
RILEY— In this city, August 12, « 1900, Winnie
Riley, a native of Oregon, aged 16 years 11
months and 11 dnys.
ICFriends l and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to 'attend the •' funeral this . day
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from the. parlors o'f.
J. C. ; O'Connor & Co., 767' Mission street.'
Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
RUSSELL— A requiem mass will be celebrated
for the late Lord Russell of Klllowen. in the
Chapel of the Sisters of . Mercy, First street,
between I Bryant and Harrison, ¦ on faturday,
August 18. 1900, at 9 o'clock.
SCHWARZE— In Berkeley, Hermann, beloved
husband of Henrietta Schwarze, and father
; HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO..
(Successors to Flannagan & Gallagher),
DANIEL P, DONOVAN, Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS
' v 20 Fifth St.. opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South 80.
of EmIHe Schwarze, a- native of Germany,'
aeed 25 years and 3 months. ¦
SLATER— In this city. August 13, 1900, Patrick,
belovod husband of Elizabeth Slater, and
father of -Frank, George. John and Grace
Slater, Mrs. Philip Moignard, Mrs. John
Looney and the late Mrs. Samuel McCarthy,
a I native of Ireland, aged 72 years and 10
days.
E7"NotIce of funeral hereafter.
SULLlVANr-In this* city. August 14, 1900.
Timothy Sullivan, beloved father of Mar-
garet Sullivan and Jeremiah and Daniel Sul-
livan of Arizona, a native of Skibbereen.
County Cork, Ireland, aged 85 years and 4
months.
E?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 214 Xoe street, between Fifteenth and
Sixteenth, thence to Mission Dolores Church,
corner Sixteenth and Dolores streets, where
5 a requiem high mass will be celebrated for
the repose of his soul, commencing at 9
. o'clock. Interment .Holy Cross Cemetery.
ST. CLAIR— In this city, August 15. 1900,
Harriet; .relict of the late Captain John St.
Clalr, R, NV R., and beloved mother of
Archibald. Lilly and Joseph St. Clair and
Mrs. E. Haky and Mrs. J. Moscrop, a na-
tive of Dublin, Ireland, aged 61 years 3
months and 4 days. (Dublin papers please
copy.) j
ICT'Notice of funeral hereafter.
WILLIAMSON— In this city, AugiiBt 13, 1300,
Marcarct, dearly beloved wife of the late
Charles Williamson, and beloved mother of
Mrs. M. L. Powers and Rebecca L. Strub,
aged 72 years.
ICTThe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Friday), at 9:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, Stlii Bush street. Interment strictly
private. - - ¦Lecture on Socialism.
Rev. J. E. Scott will deliver a free lect
ure this evening at the Academy oi Sci
ences Hall, on "Some Strong Points in
Socialism." " • -
Trouble Takes Sensational , Turn in
Oakland, Sixty Men Walking
Out From Job Declared
' • Unfair.
-OAKLAND,' Aug 15.— The executive
committee of, the Building* Trades Council
to-day took a direct hand in the mlllmen's
battle for an-eight-hour day by ordering
out all mechanics employed upon the new
De Fremery building, ln course of . con
struction on Washington street, . near
Thirteenth.. 1 . Sixty men walked out this
evening when the whistles blew. Unless
the strike shall be settled before morning
the contractors will be without workmen.
•The - Building - Trades Council has de-
CARPENTERS ARE
ORDERED OUT BY
TRADES COUNCIL
c- |f ~i'WO contractors took sides with the
millmen yesterday and refused to ac-
II cept material from so-called "unfair
shops." The operatives also report
three additional eight-hour mills In opera
tion, though two of them, however, did
not sign the original mlllowners' agree
ment to hold to the nine-hour schedule.
Iluwe & Ilippley. builders at 444 Fell
street, are erecting a house at the corner
of Twenty-second and Howard streets.
Yesterday morning some lumber sized at
Crocker's mill was carted to the new
house and the driver was about to unload
the stuff, when Mr. Howe appeared upon
the scene and ordered It taken back. He
told the man that he intended to use lum
ber from eight-hour mills only.
Lumber turned out at Davis & Lang
land's Western Planing Mill was refused
by Contractor Helbing, who is building a
house on JEUis street, near Franklin. The
Western Planing Mill is one of the firms
that signed the mlllowners' agreement,
and all but one of Its seven men Quit work
on Monday.
P. H. McCarthy, president of the Build-
Ing Trades Council, said last evening that
Le Cal & Ostrander of 116 Mission street
were running eight hours with a full com
plement of hands, as were the Mission
Planing Mill at 119 Main street and the
Humboldt Lumber Company in Oakland.
The council is especially juDilant over the
falling into line of tne Oakland mill,
which is one of the largest ln that city,
employing from thirty to forty hanas.
The mill oegan running on the eight-hour
basis yesterday afternoon.
The council held a meeting last evening
and discussed the developments of tne
day The various agents detailed to visit
the different' mills made their reports, all
ot which were satisfactory anu showed
gains for the union.
President McCarthy takes exceptions to
the published Interview with William
Crocker, wno presided over tne^eeUng
ot the millowners last Monday night anu
who is quoted as saying that politics is
behind the council's move.
••some of those at tne nead of the af
fair " Mr. Crocker is quoted aa saying,
"are simply endeavoring to make political
capital out of tne lignt and they are leau
••Tiiere is absolutely no foundation for
Mr Crocker's absurd statement," said
President McCarthy yesterday with con
siderable warmth. "If Crocwer had re
versed his statement and made it poli
tics on the side of the mlllowners, he
would have come nearer the truth. Kight
months ago we canvassed the different
mills for the purpose of sounding the own
ers in regard to tho eignt-hour rule. We
found practically every one in sympatny
with our cause, each owner expressing
himself as favorable to the plan, pro
vided we could make it unanimous. .Now
we are trying to make it so. The owners
were given six months to think it over,
arrange their contracts under the new
schedule, etc. Yet when the time comes to
carry out the agreement the majority of
them announce that they will not accede
to our request, but will continue to run
their shops nine hours a day.
"Now, if there is any politics back of
this thing it must emanate from the mill
owners themselves. If these men were
sincere when they professed to be in favor
of eight hours, provided we could make it
unanimous, let them co-operate with us
now and we» will show them that we are
as good as our word in protecting the mill
owners of the bay district in handling
only the product of eight-hour mills. The
eight-hour day has come to stay. The
peoplo want it and no man, whether un
der a millowner or otherwise, can -pre
vent it. The sooner these gentlemen who
are in the mill business realize that the
Interests of the city can be best protected
by adhering to , the eight-hour rule, the
better." . . „ ,
It was reported to the council last even
ing that one man who had gone out with
the other men Monday morning at the
Western, Planing Mill had returned to
• work yesterday. Investigation showed,
however, that the man was not a. member
of theunion. ' .' ' • .
There has been no conference yet be
tween the millowners and representatives
of the union, as the owners do not feel,
that there is any occasion ¦ for such a
meeting. They are still firm in their de
termination to maintain the nine-hour
rule and the mills which the council claim
to have won over, the owners say, are
either very small or they never signed
the agreement. , .< .-.
A decided victory was claimed to-night
by the mill operatives when two of the
large Oakland concerns announced their
acceptance of the eight-hour scnedule.
These firms were the Humboldt Lumber
Company and the Zenith Mills of East
Oakland. The Building Trades Council
decided toinight to refuse to handle buiid
lng material from any mill, no matter
where located, that works on any schedule
other than the eight-hour one. This stand
means that all the contractors will be
stamped as "unfair" who are building
with lumber from any #nill either In the
State or elsewhere working nine hours a
day. Notice-was also given that the coun
cil had named - the California sa^h and
door factory of this city as "unfair,"
and that its output would not be handled
while the present controversy is unsettled.
There are three hundred men employed
at this factory. As yet they havt madt
no move to indicate their position in tho
eight-hour struggle.
A committee from the mill operatives of
Santa Clara County visited Oakland to
night, announcing that they- would be
completely organized Saturday night,
ready to co-operate with' the San Fran
cisco and Oakland unions.
The contractors are undecided yet as to
the course they will pursue. The lumber
dealers have been called Into conference
with the mill-owners. Indications are tnat
the contractors will shortly meet with the
mill-owners, because the stand taken oy
the Building Trades Council now seri
ously Interferes with their working opera
tions.
Other-wise the strike conditions in Oak
land present no new features. The niill
owners here decided to advertise for men,
In line with action taken ln San Fran
cisco.
clared the job an "unfair" one. because
Contractor Wllkle of the firm of Wllkie
& Faulkner, which has the contract, owns
a mill ln San Francisco, and refuses to
meet the eight-hour demand.
J. H. Mullin. business agent of the coun
cil, ordered the men out at noon. Thia
was unv.-n.ied because there was a large
quantity of material In the streets that
was ln danger of being damaged unlosa
removed. So the men worked until 5
o"clock. Kvery mechanic on the building
walked out. The unions are very strong
In Alameda County and this move Is
given as a signal to the mill-owners and
the contractors that the Building Trades
Council will exert all of its strength in
behalf of the mill operatives.
Because contractors were using ma
terial from non-union mills, the following
jobs were declared "unfair" to-day:
House at Twenty-second and "Webster
street, contractors Xlckerson & Malley;
house on Monte Vista avenue, contractor
Clement, and dwelling on Summit street.
C. K. Xichols contractor.
Three More Mills Adopt Eight-Hour Schedule,
But Owners Are Undisturbed— McCarthy
' Denies Politics Story.
Refuse to Accept Lumber Turned
Out by Shops Where Nine-
Hour Rule Is in Force.
TWO CONTRACTORS
AID THE MILLMEN
ladles' tailor-made suits, silk skirts. fur
tepte; liberal credit. M. Rothschild. £28 Sutler. •
Socialists Elect Delegates.
The primaries of the Socialist L,abor
party held last night at S03 Geary street
resulted in the election of the following
delegates to the State convention: A. C.
McGlnty. Georg» Speed, O. J. Walker G
C. Wright. J. H. Hall. J. G. Taylor, V. G.
Norris and C. II. Crogan.
Thirty-Ninth District Democrats.
The Bryan and Stevenson Club of the
Thirty-ninth Assembly District will hold
a rally at Saratoga Hall thi3 evening.
The speakers will include Hon Eugene
Deuprev and R. P. Troy. The member
ship roll will be open before the meeting
Meeting of Social Democrats.
The meeting held under the auspices of
the Social Democratic partv last night at
Turk-street Temple was addressed by B
Fay Mills, who spoke on "The Church of
the Future." Talks of five minutes' dura
tion were indulged in by Mrs. J. M Rey
nolds. Rev. J. E. Scott, M. A. Clonnam
and Scott Anderson. The hall was well
filled and the speakers were accorded
great applause.
Vigorous Opposition to Kelly and
Crimmins in the Forty-first
District.
The Anti-Boss Republican Club of the
Forty-first Assembly District held a
largely attended ajid enthusiastic meeting
last night at Franklin Hall on Fillmore
ree V- , Active measures were taken to
give Kelly and Crimmins well organized
ajid vigorous opposition- at the primary
election. Strong speeches were made bv
several speakers, who said that it was
the duty of every Republican who de
sires clean, anti-boss politics to come out
and do his part. Horace Davis presided
and I-abius Finch was secretary. County
Committeemen Maurice Brandt and Na
than Frank addressed the meeting and
urged harmony.
? J 1 T 51 ? d ,f cld ed that the members of
the club should hand in the names of
prospective delegates to the Santa Cruz
ana municipal conventions and the requis
ite number will be selected therefrom by
the executive committee. A small minority
??* 1 wT° r of suljm l«ing the names to
the club at a special meeting to be called
for the purpose, but a motion to that
effect was lost. Secretary Finch will re
ceive the names, which may be submitted
by the members of the club or by anv
voter from the district at large by mail
at £-5 r p '\ 1 /l ence ' 3132 Washington street,'
or 602 California street. The names of
Brooks Palmer and Arthur Towne were
submitted ln open meeting.
Volunteers to serve at the polls on elec
tion day were called for and the follow
ing named agreed to serve:
P -^ Ca <l lK< ' n ' w : H - Hammer. A. McCrack
en, C. Gedney. S. M. Ehrmann. M. Boston
Dr Charles B. Porter. C. Wheelan, T.
Palmer. A. M. Glrard, C. A. Murdock. T
t N 5 rrci k. F - c * Selfridge, H. R. Hopps,
Judge Blgelow and Stanley Forbes.
President Davis announced that head
quarters for the club had been engaged
at 2515 Fillmore street, where the commit
tee would meet to transact business. Th>
rooms will be open even' evening and all
inquiring voters will receive attention
Twenty new members signed the roll
which brings the membership up to 224
voters. There was a generous response to
a call for contributions and the finance
committee was instructed to visit Repub
licans living ln the district and request
financial aid in the good cause of over
throwing corrupt boss power.
Republican Women Meet.
The members of the Woman's
Republican State Central Club met last
evening at the California Hotel and elect
ed the following officers: President, Mrs.
Addle L. Ballou; first vice president Mrs
A. W. Lewis; second vice president Mrs"
M. I*. Buckley; secretary, Mrs. J. Mur
ray Bailey; treasurer, Mrs. M. L. Gal
len. After the business meeting there
were speeches by some of the members
of the club and some timely suggestions
by J. Murray Bailey of the Army and
Navy Republican League.
Thomas J. Clunie haa been urged to en
ter the contest, but will not consider the
proposition.
J. H. Henry of San Jose, who was a
delegate to the National Democratic Con
vention, has many friends in the district
who are advocating his nomination.
James V. Coleman and J. Downey Har
vey are not classed as aspirants for Con
gressional honors, but in the mention of
probable candidates their names are con
sidered.
It s«>ir,s almost settled that Senator
R. Porter Aehe will be chosen to carry
the Democratic banner for Congress In
the fourth District. Efforts have been
made to persuade Judge Coffey to enter
tne Hold as a candidate for Congress but
he has no desire to leave the bench
Jn tne First District many leading Re
publicans are advising the nomination of
benator Glhette on account of his excel
lent record in the State Senate. It Is co'n
ceaed by all the candidates that Mr. Gil
lette B legislative record is without a
blemish. He displayed ability as a de
oater and was never classed as the chat
tel or agent of the corporations. On ac
count of his faithful adherence to the
cause of the people many of the fore
most Republicans of the First District
are advocating his nomination for Con
gress.
ANTI-BOSS REPUBLICANS
PREPARE FOR ELECTIONS
Democrats Casting About for a Candidate— Thos.
J. Clunie, J- H. Henry, Downey Harvey
and J. V. Coleman Mentioned.
THE Fifth Congressional District Re
publican Committee met yesterday
afternoon in tho law office of W. H.
Cobb and resolved to call a primary
for the election of delegates to nominate
a candidate for Congress. It was sup
jx)sed until recently that the delegates
chosen for the Sta.te convention at Santa
Cruz from the Assembly districts within
the boundaries of the Fifth Congressional
I>ipirict v.-ou!d resolve themselves into a
district convention, but the committee
yesterday decided to follow the example
given by the Third and Fourth CongTos
s:onal districts, and order a. separate pri
mary.
Max Goldberg called the committee to
order and announced the purpose of the
meeting. The committeemtn present
vere: E. I. Robinson, W. H. Oobb, Jts;=e
Marks. J. Alva Watt J. D. Mackenzie
end G. H. Fairchild. The chairman. Max
Goldberg, held the v>roxy of Mr. Danforih.
J. Alva Watt held the proxies of Hay
v.-ard and Donovan.
In a few preliminary remarks Mr. Watt
ea;d he was convinced that the Fifth Dis
trict committee in the interest of party
liarroony and pood politics should call a
separate Congressional convention. lie re
marked that there wae a good deal of
conflict ln the San Francisco County
Committee for the control of local affairs
in tht. party, and as the Congressional
committee was an entity It was entitled
to control its own affairs. He therefore
moved the adoption of the following reso
lution:
Resolved. That this the Republican ConKTCS
rional Committee of the FiAh Congressional
l>lFtrict Rill call cr.d fcold a primary election
for the *-l?ctlon of delegates to the Congres
sional District Convention for the Fi'th Con
(:•¦¦: :..: District for the nomination of a can
lildsie of the liepublican party lor Representa
tive 'n Congress in s-aid district.
Itesolve.i. That the chairman of this commit
tee afl'oir.t a committee of threp. who shall pre
l>are a formal tail fjr the holding of said pri-
Jiiary and tuhmit the came to this committee
iur action r.t its nest meetlr.e.
Responding *o inquiries propounded by
Jff-sc Marks, Watt and Mackenzie grave
the information that delegates chosen to
represent Assembly districts in the State
Convention could be chosen to serve in
the Congressional District Convention,
but would have to be elected at the pri
mary election hold tinder the auspices of
the Congressional District Committee.
The resolution introduced by Mr. Watt
•was adojKed. TJ-.e chairman appointed J.
Alva Watl, J. D. Mackenzie and Frank
French to constitute the committee to
jjrepare the plan. Th* chairman was sub
prauently «dd«d to the committee.
The committee adjourned to the call of
tho chaJr. Thf announcement was made
that Alvlr.za H2.yw.1rd, representing San
Muteo County, would attend the next
meeting of the '"mmittee. Mr. Watt
•who beccn the ca paism with a Hayward
proxy, rnaue tho announcement.
The Democrats are looking about for
an availidjle m^n to make the race for
Congress in the Fifih LMstrict. General
Congressional Committee Orders
Primary Election for the Sep
arate Convention.
REPUBLICANS OF
FIFTH DISTRICT
should be allowed its use until the State
builds an equal length to the south."
Acting Mayor Tobin asked if there was
any present need of extending the sea
wail south from China Basin, and liar,
bor Commissioner Herold replied to the
query.
"we contend," said Mr. Herold, "that
the proposed lease should be executed, but
it is also necessary for us to protect the
State's rights. I for one will state that
there Is no reason in the world why there
should be a foot of seawall built south
from China Basin for the next fifty years.
We have proposed that instead of the 5000
feet south, as llrst considered, the State
build 6000 feet of seawall from Mission
street south, connecting with the sea
wall built by the railroad, the latter then
to revert to the State."
Attorney Pillsbury said the railroad's
outlay would bo $1,000,000. The company
would be glad to pay rental for terminal
facilities, but the city could not furnish
them.
It is an unusual thing for a railroad,
Pillsbury continued, "to have to make such
an expenditure for terminal facilities that
we have a right to expect. But we only
ask the opportunity to do business and
fair treatment. Other transcontinental
roads are coming this way. Show them
an example of liberal treatment that will
encourage Kastern capital to invest here.'"
President Kilburn of the Harbor Com
missioners said that the board had always
favored the lease, and the only question
was as to details.
Should Be Liberal.
"It is my opinion," said F. J. Symmes
of the Merchants' Association committee,
"that we need a seawall south of China
Basin to-day. At least one foreign nation
is seeking docking facilities for a dozen
ships and a half a dozen others would
like such facilities if they could get them.
We make a mistake by not treating these
questions in a large-minded liberal man
ner that will let San Francisco live up to
its possibilities."
Major Harney of the Harbor Commis
sioners said that what the railroad really
wanted was the China Basin, and that
when the seawall reverted to the State the
railroad would still be allowed all the
facilities that its business demanded. He
was of the opinion that the State should
be required to build a seawall only from
Mission street to the southeasterly line of
Channel street.
Lieutenant Governor Xeff, called upon
for his opinion, spoke as follows:
"While I am in favor of the proposed
lease, I do not want to act for Governor
Gage until I have had a legal opinion on
the lease. I am waiting for that now and
am not ready to take action until I have
it. I approve of such enterprises and I
consider especially reprehensible certain
journals who never tire of attacking the
material Interests of the State as repre
sented in corporations. It Is well known
that capital does not come here as it
should. Our treatment of this question
and similar ones should be such as to en
courage other railroads and other enter
prises to come to us.
Commissioner Herold said that the
board's engineer had reported that build-
Ing 2300 feet of seawall south from China
Basin was impracticable. It was feasible
to build 1000 feet, which would carry it to
Eldorado street.
Attorney Pillsbury said the company
would be willing to accept that amend
ment. If building more was not feasible.
Captain Payson assented, and it is under
stood that the provisions of the lease will
be amended to that effect, ready for
adoption Monday.
Mrs. McDonald's Sad Plight.
The aid of Captain Seymour was enlist
ed last night by Mrs. McDonald, a mid
dle-aged woman. She wants the captain
to find her husband, who was to have
met her at the ferry yesterday upon her
arrival from Chicago. The husband
wrote that he was employed at the Union
Iron Works in this city, but inquiry there
disclosed the fact that he had left the
works two weeks ago and in company
with a man named Bainbridge had gone
to Seattle. Mrs. McDonald brought her
three small children along. She has no
means of support and the city may have
to care for them until the husband can
be located.
Mrs. Nobmann Seriously HI.
Mrs. Hannah Nobmann, proponent of
the Nobmann will, is seriously ill. When
the contest was again called for hearing
before Judge Hunt yesterday it was an
nounced that Mrs. < Nobmann had sub
mitted to an operation and was seriously
ill. The case. was then continued. Mrs.
Nobmann is the widow of Christopher
Xobmann, the pioneer grocer, and was
named as devisee to the bulk of his estate
which Is valued at J^),000. Heirs at law
of the deceased are contesting decedent's
will on the ground that it was obtained
by Mrs. Nobmann through undue influ
ence.
THE State Board of Harbor Commis
sioners yesterday afternoon again
postponed action on the execution
of the proposed lease of China Basin
to the San Francisco and San Joaquln
Valley Railroad, this time until next
Monday at 2 o'clock. The adjournment
was taken consequent to the announce
ment of Lieutenant Governor Neft, act
ing for Governor Gage, that ho was not
ready to vote on the question until he had
received the opinion of his attorney,
though he was in hearty sympathy with
the spirit and intent of the lease.
While no final action was taken, at least
one important compromise between the
applicant and the board was reached. At
torney E. S. Pillsbury for the Valley road
agreed that the lease should bo amended
so that the lensrth of the seawall which
the State must build south of the seawall
to be built by the railroad in order that
the last named Improvement shall revert
to the State, shall be 1000 feet instead of
2300, as first considered.
From expressions of opinion at the
meeting there Is little doubt that the
final action of the Commissioners will be
favorable to the granting of the lease.
Urge Granting of the Lease.
The meeting of the Commissioners was
attended by committees from the .Mer
chants' Association, the Chamber of
Commerce, the Federation of Mission Im
provement Clubs, and the Fairmoutjt and
Glen Park Improvement Club, all urging
the execution of the lease.
The Chamber of Commerce committee
consisted of George A. Xewhall, Henry
F. Fortmann, C. D. Haven and William
H. Marston.
The Merchants' Association committee
was composed of F. W. Dohrmann, C. S.
Benedict, A. M. Davis. Charles Bund
schu, J. R. Freud, L. M. King and F. J.
Symmes.
The representatives of the Federation
of Mission Improvement Clubs were Jo
seph Scheerer, I. Schwartz and J. Keller.
The committee of the Falrmount and
Glen Park Improvement Club consisted of
Joseph H. Heck, C. Stader, F. Fornier,
Thomas Crouch and Joseph P. Toohy.
Members of each committee addressed
the meeting and through all the speeches
there ran a tone of hopefulness for the
future commercial greatness of San Fran
cisco. Frequent expression was given to
the necessity of liberal and fair treatment
of a corporation whose coming meant 6O
much to trade.
By way of Introduction to the discussion
the following communication from the
Merchants' Association was read:
Some Changes Suggested.
To the Honorable the Board of State Harbor
CommtsRloners— Gentlemen: It Is universally
conceded that the dockage facilities In the har
bor of San Francisco have Ions been Inadequate
to the growing requirements ot thlB port, and
will no doubt in the near future prove a serious
drawback to the commerce of this metropolis.
The board of directors of the Merchants^ As
sociation has at various times considered this
subject, with the view of ascertaining the best
methods and means for remedying: this evil.
In our investigation of the provisions of a pro
posed lease of China Basin to the San Fran
cisco and San Joaquln Valley Railway Com
pany a recent visit of inspection was made
by our directors to the locality known as China
Haslr. and contiguous thereto. It is apparent
that the improvement of China Basin and the
construction of a seawall rrontingr thereon
would pro\-e of material value in the Increase
of dockage and wharfage facilities.
A careful examination of the terms of the
proposed lease of China Basin to the San Fran
cisco and San Joaquln Valley Railway Com
pany discloses the following: objections, which
we recommend should be corrected before the
execution of the lease of this property:
First— The clause permitting the Board of
State Harbor Commissioners to construct
wharves, quays, docks, etc., "at any time,"
is of no value for the reason that unless the
State has an approach to the property from
land as well as water this privilege would be
of no use to the State. We therefore suggest
thnt the right to construct wharves, quays,
docks, etc., should take effect when the sea
wall haa been constructed from Us present ter
minus as far south ns Channel street, at which
time the railway company should agree to Rive
free and convenient access to the seawall from
Kentucky street ln front of China Basin at Buch
points as may be designated by the Harbor
Commissioners.
Good for City and State.
Second— The phraseology in the clause of the
loase which provides for an absolute relln
quishment on the part of the railway company
of the use of the seawall is somewhat indefi
nite and should be made clearer. In other
words. It may be Inferred from the wording
of the lease that the Harbor Commissioners
will be required to construct 6000 feet of seawall
to the south of China Basin bsfore that portion
north of it constructed by the railway com
pany reverts to the State. This seawall should
revert to the State as soon as the State shall
construct the Fame amount (about 2200 feet) to
the south of it and the j=»awall on the north
has been completed from Channel street to Its
present routhern terminus.
With the correction of these provisions ln the
lease we b»lteve that Its execution would prove
to the best intersts of the city of San Fran
cisco and the State of California, The im
provement of China Basin and the construction
of this section of the seawall would give Im
petus to the Improvement of the entire water
front. It is estimated that these Improvements
will involve an expenditure of Jl.OW.OOO. of
which about $2."iO,C0O must be expended in the
construction of the eeawall within a period of
five years. This consideration, together with
the rental of $1000 per annum, as stipulated In
the lease, appears to be sufficient to warrant
the execution of the lease with the certainty
that the seawall will revert to the State as
soon as it can b utilized. We therefore hope
that the pending negotiations between your
honorable board and the San Francisco and
San Joaquln Valley Railway Company relative
to the proposed lease of China Basin will re
sult ln an agreement that will insure the con
struction of the contemplated improvements
promising to be of such material benefit to the
State of California.
A communication from the Chamber of
Commerce was read, stating that at a'
meeting Tuesday a resolution was adopt
ed approving the proposed lease. The
other orpanizations represented at the
meeting of the Commissioners had passed
similar resolutions, a
Payson Answers Objections.
Captain A. H. Payson, vice president of
the Valley road, spoke ln answer to the
objections stated by the Merchants'. As
sociation. He said that the company was
perfectly willing to adopt the idea and
the phraseologry of the communication in
the matter of the first objection.
"All we want," Captain Payson said,
"is to make certain of our exclusive use
of the strip until such time as it shall
revert to the State under the terms of the
lease. We are willing to provide for free
access to any wharves that the State
may build while the seawall is still our
property, but you can readily see that we
would want It arranged so that we could
not be practically deprived of the use cf
that 200-foot strip during that time by
the indiscriminate cuttlne through of
thoroughfares. All we gain in that pe
riod is the exclusive use of the strip. The
State abrogates none of its rights as to
dockage and tolls."
F. \V. Dohrmann. president of the Mer
chants' Association, explained that the
merchants had read the clause ln this
way: The lease provided for building'
wharves contiguous to the seawall, but
did not provide for access to them.
President Newhall of the Chamber of
Commerce, in behalf of his colleagues of
the committee, expressed their approval
of the objections made by the Merchants'
Association.
Henry F. Fortmann objected to . tTie
clause that provides that the State shall
build 2300 feet of seawall south from the
seawall built by the railroad before the
railroad seawall shall revert to the State.
He said that was* more than the State
ought to have to build, and besides, it
would cut off the Union Iron Works from
a froixtage. .¦
Big Saving to the State.
"The lease saves the State the construc
tion of 2300 feet of seawall; at a cost of
$250,000," said Attorney; E. S. Plllsbury.
"It is nothing more than - fair that we
Committees of Prominent Business Men Ap
pear Before the Harbor Commission
ers and Argue in Its Favor.
% .-¦¦¦ ¦•">>:
Final Action* on Lease of China
Basin to Valley Road Post
poned Till Monday.
NEEF EXPRESSES
STRONG APPROVAL
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, AUGUST 16, 1900.
Arrested for Smuggling.
Customs Inspector Enlow arrested J. "W.
O'Connor yesterday while coming oft the
transport Logan with five boxes of Manila
cigars stowed away upon hla person.
O'Connor is water-tender on the Logan.
Send your books to be bound to us. Mysell-
Rollins, 22 Clay. Good work. •
14
The herring- fishing: on the Cape Breton
coast, near Sydney, this summer is the
best for nve years.
40% discount on tailor-made suits to order; 30
days on'y; fit guarfd. R. Sidernan. 107 Hayes.*
In order that many
people who wore unable
to attend our big PIANO
SALE last week may
have a chance at some
of our GREAT PIANO
BARGAINS we continue
the sale this week.
WE MADE A RECORD
A SELLING PIANOS A
LAST WEEK!
The J. NOONAN
FURNITURE COMPANY (Inc.), "
W17-SO23 MISSION STREET,
¦-*¦* ABOVE 8XXTH,
Pica* South 14. «u a Fzaaelsoo,
Opera Classes
20% Cut,
Including Lemalres," with and without handle*.
Oculists' prescription* filled. Factory ©a
premlsei. Quick repairing. Phon*. Maia M.
642 Market St. instruminij
umdeb CMROMKit BUH.DIN&. CATALOGUE FREE.
PALACE HOTEL
It Is universally acknowledged that thes«
hotels possess the attributes that appeal
to particular people— undoubted luxury and
comfort, unsurpassed cuisine and «erTlc«
un«l superior appointments and location.
Connected by a covered passageway and
operated under one management on tho
American and European plans.
GRAND HOTEL
.DR.MGNULTY.
nilUS WELUKXOW.N AXD RELIABT.KOLD
JL .sw-i.ii,>icwj Private, .Nervous. itnU Blood 1>1»-
rom at Men only, ll.i.in. on Private liist-astm »v...l
WtakBOMa of .Men. free. Over -0 y "rV e xp#r(e£"
Pntlenuercrfft.-xi Home. Tera-.i reasonable. Ho«M'
toS(t:iily;C..»to3::») ev'p. Sun<»»vs. 10 to 12. Con«ui-
t&Uonfreeaud sacredly confldenttal. CalLaraddress
P.-KO9VOK JIfXUhTY, 9I.D.
2C)i Kearny St., »aa Francisco, C&L
3-Day Specials I
Our "3-day specials" are
looked forward to eagerly
by economical people — peo-
ple who have found from
experience that it pays to
buy "good groceries." We
quote for Thursday, Friday,
Saturday:
Sardines, tin 12*c
Lrnolne brand,
next to boneless.
Regularly ISc.
Feather Dusters, , n Jjfcffi.™.
>•«>- 10 12 14 16 IS
Special 20c JOc 40c 50c 80c
Iiegular *3c 40c We 60c 73c
Brandy, bot 75c ; 3 bots . . $2
Gallon. ...fS.OO
Choice 10-year-o!d Cal. Brandy.
finest in the State.
Regularly II CO and Jt CO.
Salad Dressing, bot. . ..25c
Made from best materials by
Mrs. Heermans.
Itepularly 20c.
French Vermouth, bat.. 55c
Noilly, Prat ft Co.
Regularly Cc.
Shredded Wheat Biscuits, pkg- I2ic
A health food for weak stomacha.
Rcffu.'arly 1^;.
Key West Cigars, each. .5c
, "Perla de Santiago," box of 10 $2.23
Exceptional value ln
clear Havana foods.
Usually sold 2 for 23c.
Country Orders Solicited— Catalognt Free.
39 STOCKTON ST., neap Market.
(OI4 number 21 Stockton rt.)
TELEPHONE MAIN K3.
Let this remind j-ou of the
instrument which you have
been intending to have repaired
for some time.
Our shop is fully equipped
with men and machinery to re-
pair band instruments, violins,
music-boxes, guitars, mando-
lins, banjos, zithers, etc.
We have an expert repairer
for even' line of instruments.
Each man spends his sole time
in repairing the respective in-
strument with which he is
thoroughly familiar. It is this
individual attention to one line
that has made each man an ex-
Our prices are reasonable—
that i?, the}' are consistent with
the good quality of our work;
Sherman, Cfay & Co.,
Sleinway Fi2no Dsslcrs.
Cor. Kearny and Sutler its., S. K.
Cor. 13th and Broadway. Oakland.
SILK WAISTS and
SILK SKIRTS
...AT... |
Pour lots of very excellent LADIES' SILK
WAISTS and SILK UNDERSKIRTS jro on
sale TO-DAY and TO-MORROW. Slightly
mussed here and there from handling is their
only fault. To insure a quick sale of these
goods prices have been CUT TO ALMOST
ONE-HALF. .
All our J3 SO, $4 and $4 50 SILK WAISTS have
been marked down to $2.4!S each.
All our »5 EO. *6 and $7 SILK WAISTS have
beon marked down to $.'1.45.
All our $6, *7 and $3 SILK SKIRTS have been
marked down to JJ4.45.
All our $3 and $10 SILK SKIRTS have been
marked down to 95.05.
2 HOSIERTSPECfALS.
LADIKS* RICHELIEU RIBBED or PLAIN
. HOSE, full finished and fast black. Sale
price 12 l-2c pair.
CHILDREN'S EXTRA HEAVY SCHOOL
HOSE, double knee, heel and toe. full fin-
ished and fast color. Sale price 12 l-2c.
corset Specials.
To-day we're selling a 75c CORSET for 4Sc
a |X CORSET for 73c, a $1 60 CORSET for
underwearTspecials.
NIGHTGOWNS, made of best Oiuslln, worth
C0e, on sale at ;M)c.
NIGHTGOWNS worth 75c on sale at 4Se. »¦ \
NIGHTGOWNS 'worth |l and n 50 on sale at
74c and OSc.
LADIES' DRAWERS, made of best muslin,
neatly tucked, on sale at lf)o pair.
LADIES' DRAWERS worth 40c on sale at
24c.
DRAWERS worth 50c on sale at 33c pair. '•
LADIES' .WRAPPERS.- '
Still, selling our popular priced ' LADIES'
WRAPPERS at !>Sc and $1.23. Waist and
sleeves lined, trimmed with braids and laces;
ili2-i2i4 Market st.;
Bet. Taylor and Jones. ,
Manufacturers of Ladles' and Children's Wear."
, Retailed at Wholesale Prlcea.
ADVEBTISEMENTa
Hale's.
Hale's.
Hale's.
For family use Jesse Moore "AA" whiskey
Is a prime favorite, and ln thousands "of homes
it Is always on the buffet.
THOS. B. B. VARNEY, Market and Tenth Streets, S. F.
¥ l^^^t^ 'umimVii 1 jllluf KUl shall mar tho beauty of that perfect stock now beinp sathf-rotl for tho /
*L SsS^ldK^ac- W|ll ; E WW0£"*?Sg new buiMlnB, six doors west. to-. lay offv-rs economies equal to any jL
%2 E^l<&M ! //lM^^--'^^^^Z^J^r\ - previously presented, the crowds who have been here know what that §#
i< S3*OT^/^^«.'//^'^w*55lg^^^^^M^^f means — or why <lo thfy como nn<l keep f>mi:it;? V
W wli'v^A^'^I^^W^'ffl lace curtains — many kinds- silk Petticoats — and other »
¥ l#W«siPW* ell at sharply reduced prices, there are sort3 . they attract first for their 7
6 Nottingham, fishnet and other sorts— ,, ea ,.. v . , hf . r , Vl r ' rortneir J
?* j^V^U^S^^^\f^- J^!^^^r' l C^?\ various Willies r,f each and nunier- beauty-then for their price, a!! are A
Y t$n£^?W&^£fiZ $E==!!*5* *"«¦-—*--. '^'#?jj ous patterns. k.t.,1 patterns. too. Rreatly r- .u. •••¦! from the moderate y
A W vA¥^^t'<4^^-n W*^^'^! there's n>> reason in th* world for th^ prices that ruieil previous to this <>ale A
;'iy i reduced r>rWs exept quantities are there's good ohnoMnK from a wide va- 43
Tjig—JSN »'..., j~Sfey .¦^ = ~^~~B *3 / ~**«*r I small and only new coods are. wanted rlety thia we»-k— next week mav be w
XL^ J^^~=riiy I _ In the new slorp. many r>ru<l"nt wo- different. to-day ii.ur-.j \ new Dettl. I
lCTz=£T__g^liSjt ¦ ¦- y fe^U^rV^ y t >3TA - men are takinc advantage of thl3 op- coat win find » r .»w <>wn»r— manv a A I
TO iTT^silfti *=^^Na*.J wwfijui ~_- ~ portunlty to prettify their homes at purchaser will pocket substantial sav- J
I PAINLESS
DENTISTRY !
i ' ET*ninc« until 9. Sundays all ?
, cay. • ¦ • f
., Full Sefof Teeth, pain- A
less extractions free..*-*.OO up I
Geld Crowns. 22-k $:{..-.(> up
Fillings •....; a5o up t
1 Teeth Without Plates. Our"
1 ' Specialty. . - "We etv* cas. ¦ ' '
"VAN VROOM,"
I tOOt MARKET,
SIXTH and MARKET.