VOLUME LXXXVIII-XO. 116.
Battalions to Guard
Roads Leading to
the Mines This
Mornihg.
Citizens Are Called
Upon to Aid in
: Preserving the *
Peace.
Soldiers Plan for the
Protection of the
Non-Union
Men.
Strikers Declare the Collieries Shall Not Resume
Operations in the District Where the Dis
turbances of Friday Occurred.
RIOTING AND BL00D5HED MAY
ATTEND TO-DAY'S ATTEMPT TO
OPEN SHENANDOAH MINES
MINERS AT SHENANDOAH KESPONDINQ TO THE STRIKE ORDER. THE UPPER PICTURE IS THAT OF
A YOUNG "SLAVE OF THE LAMP," WHO 13 GLAD OF. THE STRIKE THAT HE MAY WANDER
IN THE WOODS AND FIELDS.
Continued on Second Page
was any noticeable^ activity on the
streets. In the morning , churchea of all
denominations .were crowded and the ser
mons were invariably on the subject of
mine troubles. In the Church of the An
nunciation Rev. -R. F. Reilly, the rector,
told his congregation that; the mine
workers could not win. He advised them
to refrain from acts of -violence and to
return to work. He pointed' out that the
mines were 'their only means of support;
while the 'proceeds of , the Reading'Com
pany from the mines were '[ only a small
Dortion of Its receints. The .company
would not starve, he said, but the mlne
workers would. :
Father Peter Abramats of the Lithuani
an'Church of St. 'George said that if the
men expected to win perfect organization
was necessary. . He believed that if they
were undivided their struggle would meet,
with success.
During the afternoon demonstrations
were made by the Governor's Troop and
Battery C, which marched through the
streets of the city and along the roads
leading- to the mines. Representatives of
find-amore peaceful community,
the opinion is generally expressed that to
morrow morning will witness a renewal
of the riotous scenes of Friday. The su
perintendents of all the. mines in the vi
cinity of this city and Shamokln to-day
reiterated their intention of resuming op
erations to-morrow. The strikers, how
ever, declare that they will not succeed—
at least In the. Shenandoah mines.
It was not until aftA-noon that there
SHENANDOAH, Pa., Sept. 23.— An
air of expectancy was noticeable
among the people here to-day and,
although It would be difficult to
SCBANTON, Pa., Sept 28.— It now begins to look as if the strike would extend to the railroaders, at
least in this region. The switchmen had another conference to-day with their national officers, Grand Master
Frank T. Hawley and Grand Secretary John E. Tipton,-of Buffalo, to discuss the request of the striking miners
that they refuse to handle non-union coal. Nothing could be learned of what was done, further than that the
national officers and a committee of the local switchmen would go to New York to-morrow and that on their
return something definite would be done. The purpose of their visit is supposed to -be to petition President
Truesdale of the Delaware, Lackawanna and Western to spare them the task of handling the non-union wash
ery calum and save them from the alternative of striking or refusing the miners' request.
Now Under Control.
Special Dispat?h to The Call.
FIRE CHECKED NEAR NOVATO.
Flames That Raged in That Vicinity
SAX RAFAEL, Sept. 23.— After burning
eighteen thousand acres of land in the
center of this county the great fire h;v?
been checked In the vicinity of Xovaf\
and unless the unexpected happens wl'.l
soon be extinguished. This afternoon the
firo spent its fury in burning the Miller
and Pacheco ranches near Igm.icio. South
east of Nlcasio the fire was freshened by
a strong breeze late this afternoon, but
It Is believed that it can be controlled.
The damage to farm buildings has be«?n
light. Fences and cord wood have nearly
all been destroyed. Hundreds of head of
livestock have perished, but it will to
some weeks before the exact number nf.
cattle lost ran t» fieterrnined. It Is sai;i
that a great number of cattle perished in
the Cat Gulch on the Miiler ranch.
Men will be kept posted on all tho
ridges to-night ready to battle with tho
flames should they start afresh.
RANCHERS T.OSE HEAVILY.
Field Fires in the Vicinity of Suisua
Do Great Damage.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SUISUN, Sept. 23.— The loss causer? by
the fire that swept over a number off
ranches north of Sulsun during the preva
lence of the north wind Friday afternoon
was much greater than was at first esti
mated. The heaviest loser was A. A.
Dickie, whose entire ranch except that
portion occupied by the buildings was
burned over. About six miles of fencing
was burned and about 600 acre3 of goo(!
dry feed. Mr. Dickie's loss will exceed
smckt
The fire started on the ranch of F. B.
Chandler, about three miles south of Va
caville, shortly after noon and traveled a
distance of over six miles within thro
hours. A hired man who was hauling
baled hay lighted a cigarette, throwing
the match on the hay. A blaze instant!;,
started. frightening the team, which ran
away, and burning hay was scattered
about the field. The wind carried the flrj
from one field to another.
MANY BTTILDINGS BtTRNED.
Destruction.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
City of Hanford Narrowly Escapes
HANFORD. Sept. 23.— The most dis
astrous fire that has visited Hanford sino
the memorable fire of '91, when practically
the whole business portion was burned,
occurred this afternoon about 5 o'clock.
The fire started in a barn belonging to E.I
Bush, situated In an alley between Sixth
and Seventh streets, and before It w;u
under control a block and a half of frame
buildings had been destroyed, including;
three livery stables and several horses.
The fire had gained considerable headway
when discovered and as the wind *-n
blowing a gale from the north the firs
company was practically powerless. From
the barn the fire Jumped the alley and
caught the fine new livery stable ot
Sweeney Brothers. It was afire befora
any one knew it. The horses were cut
loose and driven from the barn, but sev
eral of them were burned. From here th<»
fire Jumped a vacant lot and caught Wed
dle's blacksmith ftop and livery stable.
The Uvery stable of Marlon Griftes wu
next to go and was followed a mlnuio
later by Slerrick's sale stables. Just baclc
of the burned buildings are situated sev
eral fine residences, and for a time it
looked as If all would go, but by tho
heroic work of the fire department and
hundreds of clllzens these residences were
saved, though all the outhouses and barn;*
were destroyed.
The loss Is estimated at between twer—
ty-five and thirty thousand dollars; the
insurance will not cover more than one
third of this. The heaviest losers aro
Sweeney' Brothers, John Wetel and Mar
lon Grlffes. How the fire started is a
mystery, but It U presumed It waa start
ed by small boys playing with matches in
the Bush barn. At one time during lha
fire the water gave out for a few minut-**
and It looked as If It was all up witn
Hanford. The pump' was got In wcrk
lng order again In a couple of minutes.
however, and the people of Hanford are
happy to-n!ght In the ownership of th«*
fine Holly water system that saved half
the town from destruction.
CHINESE GOVERNMENT
OFFERS DEFIANCE TO
GERMANY'S DEMANDS
Taotai of Shanghai Removed Because
He Signed Friendly Agreement
With Foreign Consuls.
Prince Tuan, the Leader of the Boxers,
Appointed Grand Secretary to
the Emperor.
Special Cable to The Call and New York Herald. Copyright. 1900, by the
Herald Publishing' Company.
LONDON. Sept. 24.— Dr. Morrison, the
Peking correspondent of the Times, wiring
September 19, protests against what he
calls "an unworthy act of vandalism on
the part of General Wilson's expedition,"
namely, the attempt to destroy the su
perb white pagoda in the temple grounds
at Pel Tai Chu. Fortunately, saya the
correspondent. , the masonry was too solid.
Unworthy Act of Vandalism.
NEW YORK. Sept. 23.— The Sun has this
from Taku: Pending his arrival here, 14
Hung Chang ordered that a proclamation
be posted at Paotlng Fu and In the prin
cipal cities of Chill calling upon- the peo
ple and soldiers to exterminate the Box-,
ers. All the taotlas, perfects, magis
trates and others who abandoned their
posts will, according to the proclamation,
be arrested and superseded. Military of
ficials must count their troops and report
thereon to Li Hung Chang.
EXTERMINATION OF BOXEES.
JA Sung Chang Adopts Drastic Meas
ures to Bestore Peace. '
Special Dispatch to The Call.
The missionaries are protesting against
this "desertion." From North China come
reports of a long series of disturbances.
The attempted control of the local author
ities there Is synonymous with anarchy,
and the country Is only safe where floats
the allied flags. Native Christians are
¦till being attacked and besieged In many
different places In the province of ChilL
TAKC, Sept. 22, via Shanghai, Sept. 21—
Changes In the plans of the allied com
manders indicate the evacuation of Pe
king before the winter sets in. The Brit
ish leaders have countermanded the order
for extensive winter supplies and the
Americans are also making evident prep
arations for departure. At the same time
all foreign residents have been warned to
prepare to leave Peking.
CHICAGO, Sept. 23.— The Record has
the following from Peking under dat* of
September 16:
Before "Winter Sets In.
EAELY EVACUATION OF PEKING
Indications That Allies Will Depart
And thus Japan prevented the consum
mation of China's plan to array the East
against the West.
In taking this step the object kept In view
has been to suppress the insurgents and to
rescue the diplomatic representatives and other
foreigners. Beyond that the powers have no
ulterior motives. Our Government, as Is known
to your Majesty, entertains feelings of cordial
friendship for your Majesty's country, so should
circumstances make it nwessary Japan will not
decline to use her good offices on behalf of
China-
If your Majesty's Government will earnestly
suppress the Insurgents and rescue the foreign
representatives, their suites and other foreign
ers, the situation will be simplified and the
solution of the crisis will be found relatively
easy. The suppression of the insurgents and
the rescue of the foreign representatives are
duties which your Majesty owe no less to your
country than to the other nations of the world
end must be accomplished without the least de
lay or hesitation. Since last month the power*
have fiiepatched large forces to TientBin, and
Japan has likewise found it necessary to «end
troops.
As a reply to the demand of Germany that the leaders in the
Boxer movement be delivered up for punishment, the Imperial Gov
ernment of China has promoted Prince Tuan to a responsible position
and removed the fricndlx Taotai of Shanghai from office.
American troops as speedily as would be
safe.
The. plan to withdraw the German Le
gation from Peking has been temporarily
abandoned, pending the receipt of fur
ther instructions from Berlin.
The Russians report a Boxer demonstra
tion against the railway yesterday and
the Germans are discussing an expedition
to Paoting Fu after the arrival of their
main force.
General Chaffee will so to Tientsin soon.
«.
CHINA'S PROPOSAL TO JAPAN.
Advocated an Alliance of the East
Against the "West.
Special rMsj-atch to The Call.
WASHINGTON. Sept. 23.— Had Japan
assented to China's wish, expressed by
• Kxvcng-Su in an appeal addressed to the
j Tckio Government, the East would have
; engaged in an alliance against the West.
j Copies of the appeal of the Emperor to
' the Emperor of Japan and of the latter's
j answer thereto have been received by the
| State Department. Beginning his appeal
'¦ Kwang-Su expressed regret for the mur
der of the Chancellor of the Japanese
Legation and stating that action had been
taken to punish the perpetrators of the
crime. The Chinese Emperor said further:
i From thp general trend of events In the world
t« are persuaded that the East and the West
i confront each other. Your Majesty's country
i and ours are the only powers that maintain
j their CTound in the KaFt. It is not China alone
; which is made the object of ambitious longings
i cf the powers that assert their strength in the
j West. Should China fail to hold her own, we
j (par that your Majesty's own country will find
i the Fltrcatlon untenable. The Interests of the
two countries are-, therefor*, linked together,
and we venture to hop* that your Majesty may
| find it possible to set aside for the present
questions of minor Importance and make com
! men cause with us/
To this the Japanese Government re~
i plied:
FBEXCH PBIEST BOILED
IN OIL BY FANATICS
SHANGHAI. Sept. 24.— Prince Tuan
is said by Taotal Sr-eng to have
been appointed Grand Secretary
to the Emperor. This constitutes
a defiance of Germany's demands.
The Taotai of Shanghai, who
Fibred for the Viceroys the friendly aRTee
ment with the Foreign Consuls, has been
rrmcvod by imperial odict. h's successor
b<*lr.K strongly anti -foreign and having
urpM the Chinese Government to repu
diate the foreign debt. An unofficial pro
test was made by United States Consul
Gnndnow lo the Viceroy last night.
Native Brings Hews of the Massacre
cf 2Iissionaries Fleeing
to Kalgan.
Bpeda] rMspatrh to The Oall.
NEW YORK, Sept. 23.— The Sun has this
Voa Paris: The Marseilles Mission Board
'.as received news cf the massacres in
Booth Tunan of Bishop Fantosalll and
Father Quirine. The eyes of the Bi?hop
were gouged out and he was impaled on
Fpearm. The Chinese poured kerosene oil
oa Father Quirine. and. setting it on fire,
burned him to death. One hundred
orphans have disappeared from the
rrphanage.
PEKING, Sept 19. via Shanghai, Sept.
23.— A native from Sharpsi brings definite
p.'-'i reliable news of a massacre of Ohina
Inland missionaries. The entire number
fit Tatunpfu and Snpinrfu were killed
whiie attempting to reach Kalgan.
It 1j> reported that Chang Ijin Huan, ex-
Mlnfctex to the United States, has been
killed.
?
CHINA'S DEFIANT ATTITUDE.
to the Peking Palace.
Empress Dowager Will Not Return*
I/iNDON. Sept. 24. 4:30 a. m. — The morn
ing papers are too fully occupied with the
general election campaign to bestow much
attention upon the Chinose problem. The
Frandard. which discussed editorially the
replies of the United Stales Government,
Bays:
The polJcr thus laid down implies the exlst
eocc at Washington of a very «>xawrat<><i es
timate cf the good will of the Chinese rulers. It
it to be feared that the action of the United
Ptatea will tend to weaken the moral Influence
oK the allies and for this reason It is to be
i^*atly regretted.
Ac-cording to the Peking correspondent
of the Daily News, wiring on September
16, the Chinese declare most positively
that the Empress Dowager and the Em
p<»ror will In no case return to the impe
rial palace In Peking, as they hold that
it has been desecrated by the Intrusion of
TiarViarians. This Irreconcilable attitude
receives confirmation In many reports
r-manating from Shanghai. One of these
5s that, as a reply to the denunciation of
Prir.ce Tuan and others by the Viceroys,
an imperial edict, r'ated September 17,
deals more leniently with the Boxer move
ment and reminds the people that both
the Boxers and Chinee Christians are
Chinamen, who shall receive imperial pro
tection if they quietly disperse to their
homes. The edict points out that it is im
possible for the Imperial Government to
distinguish between good and bad Boxers.
It EayB, however. If the Boxers continue
to assemble they . will be dealt with sum
marily.
Another report says that the edict
frankly declares that no executions can be
functioned until an adequate inquiry has
lj<:-en made.
Advices to the Eandard from Shanghai
place the losses of the allies at Peltsang
at 300. principally due to the explosion of
Tr.nes, one of -which. 200 yards Ion*, ex
ploded Ilk© an earthquake, killing and
wounding large number* and literally
¦ '.owing two mounted officers to pieces.
ATTACZS AMEBICAN POLICY.
Berlin Editor Declares It Means Pro-
longation of Bloodshed.
BERLIN. Sept. 23.— Discussing the an
swer of th* United States Government to
G»rraany'i proposal regarding tha Chl
rese eettleroent, the Vossische- Zeitung
says to-day:
America's abenfionment of the concert of the
power* will not have terious consequence* for
th«lr diplomatic oerotlatlons. but It will render
th*!r task more difficult, inasmuch as nothing
¦a increase* Chinese presumption and Insolence
u the knowleflge that harmony in the ranks
of their oppor.enti has been disturbed. The
ect!on of the United States Is equivalent to
tn abandonment of the commercial Interests
of Occidental civilization and probably will
!<>ad to a prolongation of bloodshed.
WHAT BOCEHILL WTLI, ADVISE.
Special Commissioner Favors Early
PEKING. Sept. 13, via Taku, Sept. 22. —
V»"lw. Rockhill. fpeclal commissioner of
tlfr United States, has already conferred
•with Mr. Conger, the United States Min
ister, but he haa not yet met Prince
Chlng. It 1« understood Mr. Rockhill will
«.dvi»« "Washington to withdraw tha
Withdrawal of Troops.
Copjxlsrht. 1900. by Associated Pre»».
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Citizens of Occidental Combat the Flames
for Two Days and the Town Is
Now Safe..
Value of Property Destroyed in Sonoma
County May Approximate a
Million Dollars.
ONE HUNDRED SQUARE
MILES OF TERRITORY
DEVASTATED BY FIRE
Thrilling Escapes of Persons in the
Path of the Conflagration.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SANTA ROSA, Sept. 23.— Under the im
petus of a strong wind, which blew during
all of to-day, the forest fire which has b«en
raging for two days past in the vicinity of
Occidental Epread with terrible rapadity
to-day, doing incalculable damage.
The North Pacific Coast Railroad was
probably the heaviest loser, for in addi
tion to the destruction of several miles of
track, the trestle. 219 feet In length, north
of Occidental, was destroyed by the
flames. The fire spread quickly along the
track and only by the hardest kind of
work was the - next trestle, 300 feet in
length, saved.
Notwithstanding the company has a
large force of men fighting the fire. It Is
feared that the latter trestle may ulti
mately be burned, so fierce is the sweep of
the blaze. Should the wind, which at
nightfall somewhat abated, spring up
again, the trestle is almost sure to go.
In addition to the burning of the rail
way trestle, two county bridges along the
county road were destroyed and also
MA2TX" rARMEES ABE HOMELESS
OCCIDENTAL. Sept. 23.-Envel- ]
oped in stifling smoke and threat- j
ened with destruction. Occidental j
has been fighting desperately j
since Friday afternoon, to pre- j
serve itself from on-rushing flanks. Every ;
able-bodied man. except those who have ,
been exhausted by the Intense heat or by j
ceaseless vigil, is out fighting the con
flagration.* The fire has already swept
over a tract at least ten miles long of
wooded hills, destroying everything in its
pathway, and is still fiercely raging. Its
course at present has been turned by a
change in the wind, and the town is not
now in any danger, but how long this i
security will last none can foretell.
The conflagration started on the land of
an Italian farmer named James Frances
chl, who was burning brush. In some un- i
known manner the brush fire got beyond j
his control, and almost Instantly the
trees, chapparral and dense brush on all
sides were in flames. The point at which
the conflagration cririnated is one mile
west of Ocidental. In passing through a
canyon the blaze divided into three
branches, one going toward Bodega, one
toward the ccast and a third toward Oc
cidental. The one which made its de
structive march toward the coast has
been subdued, but the remaining two are
still advancing-^
Occidental's greatest peril came on Fri
day night. The hills which surround the
town were completely^ burned over. The
fire advanced to the very edge of the
town. Back fires were started within the
town itself, just in the rear of the Native
Sons' Hall. The air was filled with huge
billows of smoke mingled with thousands
of burning firebrands, some of which
were blown miles from the fire.
The exact loss can never be computed.
The North Pacific Railroad will lose thou
sands of dollars In burned trestles alone.
One trestle which was totally destroyed
was valued at 53000. It was eighty-seven
feet In height and ppanned a wide can
yon. The loss in timber and tan bark will
never be known. The county bridges and
all fencing that stood In the course of the
fire have been completely wiped out of
existence. The homes of many lumber
men and dairymen have beea completely
desolated. W. Pattlson, M. Bigelow, A.
Craln and Martin Farrell, an old-time res
ident and pioneer, have lost their homes
and all their possessions. Jasper O'Far
rell, for whom O'Farrell street In San
Francisco is named, lost his barns, fenc
ing and all the equipment of his dairy.
The water system of the town, which was
situated on the side of a neighboring hill,
has been destroyed and the people are
threatened with a water famine.
Occidental Is by no means the only town
that Is suffering from this scourge of Ore.
An appeal for men to go to Bodega to
fight the fire, which is making rapid pro
gress in. that direction, has Just been re
ceived. None can be spared, as all but
the exhausted are impressed into service.
The report states that unless help is sent
Immediately the dairies around Bodega
are doomed to destruction. Valley Ford
is situated directly in the course which
the fire Is now taking.
At 4 o'clock this afternoon the town of
Freestone was surrounded by fire. Tho
wall of flames approached to within tifty
yards of the town before the fire fighters
succeeded in turning It back. The big
trestle on the North Pacific. 137 feet high,
had a narrow escape from destruction. It
was threatened by conflagration from
four directions, and the back fires started
in the attempt to check the advancing
flames got away from the control of the
men. The conflagration Is now working
toward Sebastopol, and the town Is in
danger.
As accurate an estimate as can possibly
be made places the total losses of timber,
farm houses, dairies, ranch properties and
railway trestles at $1.0*,000. The area of
land burned over Is 100 square miles.-
flames.
Immense damage has been done by the forest fires of the past
three days in Sonoma and Mann coinities. Estimates place the loss
in timber and ranch and railroad property in Sonoma County alone
at $1,000,000. One hundred square miles of territory zvas sii'ept by
the schoolhouse at Geneva. The fire
swept over an area nine miles in length
and to-night many farmers are homeies.*
and their property destroyed. Just how
many farm places were burned has not
yet been ascertained. Fortunately no
lives were lost, though thrilling races for
life were many.
During to-day the railway company con
tinued its trains in operation, notwith
standing the destruction of the trestle
work. Passengers and baggage were
transferred across the ravine and con
tinued on their journey by another train
on the other side.
A large force of men have been put to
work to rebuild the burned trestle and
track.
PRICE FIYE CENTS.
SAjST FRANCISCO, MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 24, 1900.
The San Francisco Call.THE BROOKLYN ATTORNEY. WHO UNWITTINGLY GAINED WORLD
WIDE NOTORIETY. IS SERIOUSLY ILL IN A HOSPITAL. AND
MAY NOT RECOVER.
NEW. YORK, Sept. 23.— Judge x\.braham Marks, the original of Harriet
Beechep ; Stove's character in "Uncle Tom's Cabin," Is ill in St. Peter's
Hospital, Brooklyn, at the age of S7. Judge Marks was not the character
of the man described by Mrs. Stowe in her famous Look. Quite the re
verse, In fact, for he was a warm friend of Henry Ward Beecher. Uncle
Tom's creator used only his name and did so at the euggestlon of her reverend
brother, offered in a moment of merriment. But the name stuck and the Judge's
friends have never since called him in any fashion of speech except "Marks the
lawyer." Judge Marks is a courteous, learned, old-style gentleman; with a heart
as tender as, that of the fictional Marks was hard. He came from • Virginia lo
New York in" 1832, was a reporter onthe old Star 'and afterward studied law. Ho
laid away a competence for his old age.
Stops the Cough
And works off the cold. Laxative Brorno-Qul
nlne Tablets cure a cold in one day. No cure
no raj*. Price 23 cent*, - •
not. The men were released on bail after
tntir arrival at Wilkesbarre.
Benjamin James of the national execu
tive board, t,aid to-day that he expected
the number of strikers wlii be greatly in
creased to-mcrrow. He predicts that a
number of mines which have been run
ning during the pust week will be tied up
completely to-morrow.
Thip afternoon a de-lejjation of Souta
Side operators went to Shenandoah. wheri
it met Sheriff Tooie of Schuylkill County
and Genera! Gobin. and after a short con
feier.ee General Gobin decided to send a
battalion of infantry to McAdoo early to
morrow morning. They will reach that
place at about 4 o'clocK. The object in
placing troops there is that In ca3e or
trouble In Hazelton which the Sheriff of
Luzerne County could not quell, the soi
dlera would be thrown into Hazelton in
less than an hour. The railroad cars will
be kept In readiness for a quick move
ment.
PRIEST'S ADVICE TO THE ME2T.
ance Fledge to Strikers.
Wishes to Administer the Temper-
WILKESBARRE, Pa., Sept. 23.— The
strikers of the Wyoming Valley spent a
quiet day to-day. There were no demon
strations of any kind. At St. John's
Church. Plttson. this morning. Rr.v. Fath
er Garvey, the vicar general of the Scran
ton Diocese, spoke at length on the strike
and the shooting at Shenandoah. He said
these were times of t-xeitement and those
tngeged in the strike should keep cool.
The use of liquor in times of strikes often
times causes trouble. The speaker was of
the opinion thut the strike would be a
long-arawn-out affair, and that the men
might Just as well accept t;ie Inevitable
ana prepare for the siege. To better pre
pare his parishioners who were among the
strikers. Father Garvey said he wanted
all the strikers in the church next Sun
day - morning and he would administer
the temperance pledge to them, the same
to be kept while the strike lasted.
RATIONS FOR THE STRIKERS.
Co-operative Stores and Bakeries May
Be Established.
SCRANTON*. Sept. 23.— Organizer Di!
cher said to-day that the miners had boc:i
assured of outside help that would perm:',
them to continue the strike for six inqnt&i
at least, after their own resources huJ
been exhausted. Si^niiicant remark*
along the same line w^re made at mass
meetings in Laurel Hill Park last night
and again at Throop this afternoon by
National Secretary Thomas Kidd of tht;
Woodworkers' Union. Just here from Chi
cago, and A. C. Cattermill of the execu
tive committee of the United Brotherhood
of Carpenters and Joiners. If occasion
demands it, Mr. Dilcher says, co-operative
stores and bakeries will be established all
through the region and rations Issued
after the fashion of the army.
COLLISION PROBABLE TO-DAY.
Resume Operations.
Cameron Collieries Will Attempt to
SHAMOKIN, Pa., Sept. 23.— All was
quiet in the strike situation here to-day,
but It Is feared trouble may be precipi
tated by an attempt to start the Cameron
collieries In the morning. At a largely at
tended meeting of United Mine Workers
at Treverton last night it was resolved to
remain away from work until the strike is
declared off. John Fahey, district presi
dent of the United Mine Workers, \rent to
Hazelton this morning on a call from
President Mitchell.
The fovfn collieries About the city visit
<rd General Gobin in a body this afternoon
io arrange for the protection vif thtir
workmen on their way to the collietles.
District Sup.-rlntendeni Boyd of the Fhil
a<1f!phia and Reading Coal and Iron Coir
informed General Gobin that he had as-
Furar.ccs ihat many of his employes are
kept away tnrough fear of mob violence,
kept away only through fear of mob vio
lence. -— ¦
General Gobin early in the day drove
through the district whim will be the
KCS« of the militia's operations to-mor
row and after his conference with the
mine superintendents he completed his
plan of action. At 6 o'clock to-morrow
morning six battalions of Infantry, the
Governor's Tro-jp and Battery C will leave
their camps and march out on the road
leading to the collieries. The troops will
< or.rinue on th<- move during tn^ time the
workmen are going to the mines. It is
General Gobin'e intention to have a por
tion of the troops proceed to Mahanoy
<-'ity, about three and a half miles from
here, to suppress any disturbances that
may occur there.
During the afternoon Captain .Daniel
?'hristian of the Coal and Iron police and
W. H. Richards, eucerintendent of the
Reading Company's collieries at Mahancy
City called en General Gobin and asked
for tr&ops. Captain Christian said the sit
uation at Mahar.oy City differed from that
at this place in that the foreigners were
v.-i;iir.K to return to woik. but were intim
idated by the dissatisfied English-speak
ing employes. Eighty per eem of the for
rient-rs. Superintendent Richards said,
were in favor of remaining at work. Gen
eral Gobin said he could not promise to
locate the troojjs at Mahar.ny City, but
would endeavor to have soldiers in that
vicir.ity early to-morrow morning.
Major \V. A. Miller, brigade inspector.
v.as tc-day detailed by General Gobln ats
provost marshal and hP established head
•juariers in the Postofflce building. The
boprd is composed of over 100 men of the
Kiphth Infantry. Guards are located at all
»-trt^t c-ornerp in the central part <\f the
tijtrti. ar.d while the soldiers are not ex
pected to do police duty they have bren
irstrueted to keep a sharp lookout for
disturbances. Chkf Burgess David Brown
to-day caused to be posted throughout the
town proclamations prohibiting the as
sembling cf crowds on the streets and
tailing on the citizens to preserve order.
DEPUTIES ACCUSED OF CRIBCE.
Robbery attf" reeland.
Three Officers Arrested for Highway
TIAZEL.TOX. Pa.. Sept. 23.— Three of the
deputies who were sworn in by Sheriff
Harvey of Luzcrne County and who are
sons of prominent Wilkesbarre families,
¦were arreeted late, last night at Freeland
on the charge of highway robbery. They
are Hamilton Farnham. Van Buren B.
Howard and A. It. Shoemaker Jr. The men
are accused of robbing a Polish liquor
dealer of J1C7 }n caph. There are two
fides to the story. The Polander *ays he
was delivering beer at Highland and that
the deputies asked him and he consented
xo let them ride in hie wagon to Freeland.
At the outskirts of that place, he claims,
the men assaulted h!m and took the
money from his pocket.
The other story is to the effect that the
Polander demanded a feo for bringing the
deputies to Freeland, and hot getting It he
set up a cry that he nad been robbed. A
crowd noon gathered and the deputies
¦were taken into custody and piven a hear
ing before a Justice of the Peace, which
lasted until 2 o'clock this morning. The
pquire committed the three men, but ln
rtead of locking them up at Freeland tho
accused were driven thirty miles over tht
mountain to Wnkesbarre. where they ar
rived at daylight this morning. This was
done in order to prevent the possibility of
the men being taken from the local lock
•vp by a crowd which was etUI waiting to
see what disposition was to be made of
the deputies. There Is an exceedingly
etrong feeling against deputies in this
region, be they charged with crime or
"MARKS, THE LAWYER,"
IS DYING IN BROOKLYN
Original of the Character Hade Famous by Harriet
Beecher Stowe in "Oracle Tom's Galblo."
Took Another's Letter.
JACKSON*. Cal.. Sept. 23.— rtichafd Groh
was arrested in Sutter Creek yesterday by
United States Marshal Shine for a viola
tion of the postal laws in taking a letter
ndriressed to Clara Bakewell. He was ad
mitted to ball In $500 to appear for exam
ination before the United States Commis
sioner on October 5.
Continued from First Page.
BLOODSHED MAY FOLLOW
ATTEMPT TO OPEN MINES
SALISBURY'S MANIFESTO
TO BRITISH ELECTORS
Emphasizes the Necessity of Sup-
porting the Queen's Government
by a Strong Majority.
LONDON, Sept. 23.— Lord Salisbury'*
manifesto to the voters of the United
Kingdom, in anticipation of the Parlia
mentary general elections, emphasized the 1
necessity that the Queen's Government
should be supported by a strong Parlia
mentary majority as "the only means
of convincing the inhabitants of the con
quered South African territories that
there Is no hope of diverting the Govern
ment from its policy by persistent resist
ance or asitation."
After remarking that "all the recent
troubles In South Africa have been due
to a shift of Parliamentary opinion at a
critical moment," the Pfime Minister goes
on to say:
It will depend upon the disposition and con
duct of the Uoers how Ions an Interval is to
flaj.se before their full position as a British
colony is attained. The brilliant success of
I^orii Roberts' army must not blind us to the
imperfections disclosed in our own . defensive
armor, imperfections which, but for the war.
mi£bt have remained unnoticed. It will bt^
the urgent duty of Parliament and the Govern
ment to remo\e these defects, a duty which
certainly could not be discharged by a Minis
try dependent upon a broken party.
In conclusion, Lord Salisbury refers to
China as "a difficulty, among others, con
fronting the Government and requiring
that the Government should be armed
with a stronc majority in the House of
Commons." He urges that, in view of
all these considerations, there should be
no abstentions from the polls.
Mr. John Morley, Liberal member for
Montrose Burghs. In his manifesto, de
clares that his opinion has not changed
that everything might have been attained
in South Africa without war. "In a single
year." he says, "the work of a generation
in uniting the Dutch and English In South
Africa has been undone, and not even in
Ireland has the difficult race problem
been more miserably mishandled."
Mr. Morley admits, however, that it is
Impossible to remove the proclamations
of annexation.
COAT OF VABNISH FOB
TWO ZIONIST ELD/ERS
Boughly Handled by a Mob at Mans-
field, Ohio, and Ordered Out
of the Town.
MANSFIELD, Ohio, Sept. 23.-Another
mob firoke loose here this afternoon, and
Ciders Kphraim Bassinger of Biuffton and
Silas Moot, of Lima wore its victims. The
two elders got oft an Erie train early
this morning unknown to tho authorities.
They were recognized by a small crdwd at
the depot, which refused to let them enter
a cab, then fpllowed up the street and
surrounded them near the center of the
city. They were taken by the mob to
the Rochland Buggy Works, where Bas
slnger was made to disrobe. The crowd
tore Moot's clothing from his body, as
he refused to disrobe himself.
A paint bucket and a brush were ob
tained, and smokestack varnish, a tar
like substance, was - daubed over them
from head to foot. It was matted in their
hair, and no partof their bodies escaped
but their faces. Their bodies were then
partially CQvered with their clothing, and
the elders were marched to the home of
E. H. Leiby, a Zion follower here, who
was driven out of th< city last Sunday.
There they promised not to return to
Mansfield, but later they said that they
agreed not to return unless Overseer Pi
per ordered them to come.
TBEMENDOTJS BLAST
SET OFF IN" COLORADO
Twenty Tlmusand Cubic Yards of
Rock Dislodged by Tons of
Blasting Powder.
PUEBLO, Colo., Sept. 23.— A special to
the Chleftan from Texaa Creek, Colo.,
where Orman and* Crook are making the
grade for the Rio Grande branch to Silver
Cliff, Bays:
"At 4:56 p. m. one of the largest shots
ever used in railway construction was
fired in the Texas Creek Canyon There
were 610 kegs of blasting powder used be
sides a quantity. of giant powder, which
altogether dislodged nearly 20.000 cubic
yards of rock. The blast was pronounced
a thorough success. AH trains on the
main line were stopped by signal several
miles each side of the canyon and all the
livestock in the camp was removed to a
safe distance. Contrary to expectations
the report was not heavy, although the
shock was plainly felt on surrounding
mountain sides. Quite a party from Pu
eblo and other points had arrived to view
the spectacle, which was magnificent No
injuries resulted, though a shower of
small stones which followed the explosion
covered a radius of half a mile.
PARIS. Sept. 21— General Andre, Minister cf
War, has reported to President Loubet in fa
vor fit authorizing Paris and Versailles to place
the cross of the Lesion of Honor, in the mu
nicipal arms In recognition of their splendid
i defense in 1S70 against the Germans.
CLEVELAND, Chic. Sept. 23.— Senator
Hanna, chairman of the Republican Na
tional Committee, dlpcussed campaign is
sues at considerable length in. im inter-
View with The Call correspondent to-day.
He did not rnince words in expressing his
scorn for V.'illiam J. Bryan. He said the
so-called Imperialism and so-called trust
issnei would "fall flat" and the real issue
of the campaign was whether the country
should continue under the gold standard
or have the free coinage of silver at the
ratio of 16 to 1. Said lie:
0 FJrran Is making an ass of himself. He is
wabbllos arouml from ono issue to another,
tryir.s to find rafe ground on which to stand
No sooner docs ho tall; on one of hls< so-called
issues than the jS-op is knocked from under
him and he makes a flying Jump over to some
other ro-calltd lsFue.
It will not be manjr days before he must say
«fimethini about thi real issuo of the cam
—al-n He niuBt come out and stand, on th«
rraT lss^e. Bryan i3 promising anything ami
trrerjlhltS with the understanding that his
Crfmlsea will be fulfilled in the event of his
election. He is a man who is burning up with
the desire to hold office. He i3 nothing more
nor less than an eager office seeker, and he
will promise anything and wiy anything if he
thinks it will help his chances of election.
Democratic politicians all over the country
are iiromisinz party workers all kinds of po
eitioas. I know personally of cases where peo-
Dle who had been promised Jobs under Bryan
have asked the ones who made the promises
what authority they hart to make th«m and
how they were to know if the. promises would
be »=et>t If Bryan wnre elected, and they have
been told that authority had come from Bryan
himself, in black ar.d ivhite.
I do not Hnow how many polltlcjil positions
Bryan has promised, but I £uess he will hav:
to ujmLu several new nlac>s if he exoects to
make good his promises. I do know that Bryan
lias rromlsed Crokcr one of the Cabinet po?l
tiona and probably more than on<». By prom
isirf them to broker I mean that* Bryan has
j-.reed to allow Croker. to name the men for
certain Cabinet positions.
The m>ort that there is wholesale defection
among the German Republicans on account of
the .clar.trap issue of imperialism and militar
ism hae about as much truth as the nveroce
rcziort that appears in the Democratic pacers
in this campaigm. There are German Demo
crats, of course, but the Germans generally
are Reoubllcanf, and I do not believe that
they are being: led away from the real issue —
the money ouestion — by Bryan's claptrap the
ory.
In regard to Bryan and Croker's claim that
there Is no opportunity for the young men of
the country, that Is too utterly ridiculous to
discuss seriously. Bryan Is not very old, yet
ing be 1b an office seeker and haa no visible
means of support. He seems to be able to get
enough to live on pretty comfortably. I don't
know whether I will make any more speeches
or not.
REPUBLICANS TOO APATHETIC.
Hanna Goes East to Arouse Party
Leaders Into Action.
Special Dlsratch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Sept. 23.— Senator M. A^
Hanna, chairman of the Republican Na
tional Committee, will be back at East
ern headquarters, 1 Madison avenue, to
morrow, and he is coming for t-wo pur
poses: First, to ascertain if New York
Is a doubtful State, and therefore a piv
otal State in this campaign; second, to
lind out whether the business and finan
cial interests of the East are still. deaf to
his requests for funds with which to con
duct the campaign.
Republican leaders generally admit that
a critical stage in the campaign is ap
i preaching 1 . Democratic leaders are watch
1 1»»k to take advantage of their apathy.
The Republicans have already confessed
that they stand in great danger of losing
control of the next House of Representa
tives. The Democrats declare with con-
Jldonce that they are going to win the
next House. The difference between the
«'or.gre:.pional manngers of the two par
tics la that the Republicans know just
v/bore thev are going to lose and are fa-
I nil:.Ti- with' all the weak spots, whereas
: the Democrats can give no Information a3
d!?tricts seem to be going haphazard. ¦
Senator Hanna and his associatea have
been at great trouble to arouse the busi
iifss interests of the country.
The Republican managers have display- i
ed a table which gives McKinley 251
votes. This total is twenty less votes ,
than he had in 12TG. The States the Re
publican managers claim are:
Iowa 13,Oregon 4
Maine 6. West Virginia 6
Massachusetts 15 j Wisconsin 12
Minnesota 9iWyomlng 3
New Hampshire ... tjNew Jf-ney 10
Pennsylvania- 32;North DaUota ...... 3
Khode Island 4|Kansaa 10
Vermont ?.California 9
Illinois 24 Connecticut 6
Michigan 14 —
New York 361
Ohio 23 Total 251
The estimate also conceded but 112 votes to
Brran. all from the South, and placed tho
following States as doubtful:
Missouri l~'i Delaware 3
Colorado 4;Maryland 8
Idaho SlNevada ¦......; 3
Montana SjKentucky ..: 13
Utah -1 Indiana ..15
/South Dakota 4
'Nebraska 5 Total ....81
CLARK PROPOSES TO MIX
VAUDEVILLE AND POLITICS
Procures Aid of Skirt Dancers and
Minstrels to Kelp Him. Break
Into the Senate.,
Special Dispatch to The Call. *
CHICAGO, Sept. 23.— Billowy skirts and
and republicans, it is declared, and is
¦willing to pay good sums of money for
them.
WANT MORE OY BRYAN.
New York Democrats Ask for a
Change of Programme.
NEW YORK. Sept. 23.— bx-Governor
Stone of Missouri, chairman of the sub
committee of the Democratic National
Committee who Is In charge of the cam
paign in the Kast, left for Chicago to-day
to meet Chairman Jones and Mr. Bryan.
He carries with him the formal request of
the JCew York State Democratic leaders
that Mr. Bryan be allowed to devote a
week to the campaign !n New Y«rk. Ac
cording to the present plans Mr. Bryan is
only allowed four days in- New York —
October 16 to 19. lriclusvie. -- •
The State leaders want Mr. Bryan to de
vote at least three days more to New
York State, and they say that owing to a
change in the dates assigned to the Dem
ocratic candidate in the West they are
hopeful that arrangements can be made to
extend Mr. Brvan's time in the East long
enoush to enable him to visit the south
ern tiers of counties In New York State
and also I^ong Island.
lingerie, cakewalks, coon . songs * and
knock-d.own comedy are to run the race
with free silver, imperialism, trusts and
the full dinner pai! in the Democratic
campaign in Montana this fall. Sketch
artists and vaudeville ''head-liners" of
Chicago are studying maps of Montana
and hunting 1 for a man who has an
nounced he wants for artists to help Wil
liam A. Clark to get back in the United
States Senate. Song and dance teams,
club swingers, cakewalkers. vocalists,
balladists, contortionists, llghtnine change
artists, Impersonators, sKirt dancers,
equilibrists, soubrettes and refined com
edians have all offered their services.
Lofi-nzo Shields, formerly of the parody
team of Maximilian and Shields: Edward
1-ioftus, song and dance man, and George
Moore, vocalist, started for Butte last
nlffht with transportation In their pockets.
They told their envious colleagues that
each had been hired for, $150 a wcel; by
Senator Clark's -. agent to employ their
specialties for the Clark Democrats. They
F«iid they had been instructed to report to
Clark's son In Butte. Then the artLsts
who twinkle their toes above their hearts
where the calcium lights cast the bright
est liprht started out energetically to find
the "ansrel" who drew drafts on Mr.
Clark.
AccorrMnp to a Chicago theatrical man
ager, Mr. Clark intends to repent In his
State .the campaign tactics of Billy Lor
imer, only on a larger scale. This au
"thorlty says he will turn vaudeville and
variety shows Into vote-Betters. It Is
proposed to -send half a dozen of them
under big circus tents throughout the
Stato with his speakers, the sketch artists
to draw tbo crowds and the stump speak
ers to pet the votes. He -wants gajrs.
senps, skits, narodtes and ballads full of
lecal color and directed at the Dalyltes
m
Special Dispatch to The Call.
HANNA HARSHLY CRITICIZES THE POLICY
BEING PURSUED BY DEMOCRACY'S LEADER
Declares That if. Bryan is Elected to the Presidency "Boss"
Croker Will Be Permitted to Name the Men for
Certain Cabinet Positions.
COHBETT THAVELS i INCOGNITO
Probably Registered en the Cam-
pania as Mr. Martin.
IX»N"DON. Sept. James J. Corbett.
the prise-nKhter. who is a passenfier on
the Cunard line steamer Campania: which
left Liverpool yesterday for N?w York, la
travelinjj tin-ier an assumeii name. The
saloon list (bows tht- registry of '"Mr. and
Mrs. J.'artin." but it is impossible to die
cover whether there is any coffijectlon be
tween "Mr. Martin" and the pugilist.
The BportasoAn publishes this morning
an interview harl with <"orbett on the
deck of the Campania, in which he ad
mitted that he was traveling alone and
under an assumed name. He said he had
parted company with Creortre Considjne,
Wftll -whom he had had an altercation.
"Mr. CTPidine rpoke sllghtinglx of my
wife." exclaimed Corbett, "and 1 am dop.'j
v.ith him. 1 intend to tell my wife that
Mile. Corr.eille was nothing- to me on the
voyage this way and never will be.
•'My principal object in returning to
Nev,- York in hot haste is to bring action
arainst the newspapers that have pub
lhhf-d the !=tatemoiits about me and to
vindicate my name."
OPENING OF THE
SOCIALIST C01TGRES3
PARIS. Fept. 23.— The International So
cialist Congress opened tu-day In Wapram
Hall in this oily. Tfie proco^dinns were
far from harmonious, ow^ng to a bitter
disagreement between the Socialist eup
porters <if the French Government, headed
by M. Jaurcs, and other French factions.
foll<iwlnj? M. Quezde, Vaillant and -La.
Farge. regarding the election of officers.
language more picturesque than polite
! was c-xchanped between the rival sections.
i The Jaure-r party were riubbed by their
¦ opponents "Millerand's lackeys." As they
! wt-re. however. !n the majority, they
j elected M. Jaure? presirtent; but on the
: arrival of a stroiijr contlnpent of their ad
' versaries the elections were annulled and
i the session closed without having aecom
1 piished anything.
TRADING IFN "PARAMOUNT" ISSUES, /
—From Cleveland Leader.
CXNOnCKATT. Ohio. Pept. r?.— A confer
ence committee of th» Amalgamated As
s<iciation of Iron and Steel Workers ar.d
of the manufacturers to-day signed thfl
wage f=ral<- that will be- effective ur.tiljuly.
3901 This is what !s known as the yearly
5cale. which fx-pins always with July.
Owing to the unusual fluctuations of the
market, the new scale liad not S>cen sipned
v.htn the mill? shut down Juno 30, and
the conditions have been unfavorable ever
Mnce June, so that the milis have been
idle for almost three months.
As soon a? tbo scale was sifrrjed this
morning; ineMU£ef v.oro sent In every di
rection before the vonfreos breakfasted,
ordering: the fire? built at once. Some
mills will ptart to-morrow and all ot'i^rs
r.s eqon as possible. This decision me:;ns
cm*:' yneiU to-morrow to over CO.DOO
workinprnen who have been idle since
June, await'Vip the adjustment of. their
irage tcales. Meantime tho wape confer
ence committee of lh»- Amul^amtod Asso
ciation of Iron and Steel Workers ha? had
five different conferences with the manu
facturers at New York. Detroit, Indiuti
ripohs and Your.pstown. as well as hire.
Ttity have been Jn conference here fince
V.V-dnofday and determined lest nipht to
fit until they got what they v/anted. Tet
both t:I!tp feh relieved when the *cale
wa? signed after an all nignt session, and
rrKPt ol t!i° conferees left without sleep
BO RS to be at the mills on Monday morn
ing.
I'resider.t Schnfer. Secretary Williams
?nd others remained to arraiige some ue
!.".il« with Comm^sionpr Xuit ar.d they
retired about S o'clock this morning, but
the others did their slc-ej.lng on the trains
en route henic lor the genera! resumption
to-morrow.
The rrftsi n« for the dtlaj in adjusting
5 p.- wnt:r scale, as well as for the fre
q'jfnl prolonged conftrencei-. were »he
t-iuiTip in tlie market and the fluctuations
(iurir.p the pa^i yrar from highest to lov.
est prices. The workers wanted $.i per
ton. bawd on a one and four-tenth* card
rste. The manutacturers offcr»-d 54 50 per
inn on a one-cent card ratr? for 1>.i;1jiik.
Fnd these differences were in about the
i.-ine proportion in other lines. President
i-'hafer and Commissioner Nutt jointly
f*-i\-(* out the fallowing official statement
to-day:
Th* rate for boiling is J4 75 per ton ha«-r-1
uron a 1 ctr.t far<i rate. *rith the same b?.-l3
rumine uj> to 1 2-30 for the riuii rat* or $120.
But che price for bailing tor SoirtrabtT and
O-robt-r shell be jr. wr fr-n. based on a carl
rate of 1 4-l« cfius. Rolling Fhall b^ one
bctccUi of the price j>af<i for bollinj?.
Hushflinx on pani bottom shall be $i 03 on a
J cent card rate, r.ith the sa.me base running
up to 1 3-19 cbrd rate.
The following scale was fixed for finish
ing rr.i!Is:
f>n Lar mi!!f the r«"i<^ to be paid is th«> same
ns last y»-ar. with a card rate of 1 4-10 cents
Ended to 1 cent card.
on gji'it ¦t.-n inch anJ hoop rr.!ll«=). the base
an<! rau-s apiUy as they do on thf bar and th»
twelve inen rrills.
An;ong the mills ordered started are
those of th<? American Steel Hoop Com
pany at Girard. Youngstown, Warren
Foxneroy and Greenville and of the Uepuh
l;c Iron and Steel Company at Yountrs-
Vi wn -. lro^ tc)ri - T( ~ rr(% Haute." Birmingham.
Monde, Franklin. Marion. Moiir.o New
Albany. Uinr.eapolls, Oovirgton. K.w Kra
z.l id.; S})ringadd. 111., and Alexander
Ind.
Conference Bet-ween Manufacturers
and Amalgamated Association
Results in a Satisfac
tory Agreement,
i ixty Thousand Men Will
Return to Work in
the Mills.
STEEL WORKERS
SIGN THE NEW
WAGE SCHEDULE
NEW YORK. Sept. 23.— Captain Twiddle
of the British steamship Klnpr Bleddyn,
which arrived here lo-day, brought a tale
of the discovery of a submarine volcano
on the northeastern edge of the Campeche
Bank, at the mouth of the Gulf of Mex
ico. The location was 1C2 mi'os north of
<_"ape Taoche, the nearest point of land.
The captain taiil that late in the after
noon of Eepu-mtHT 16 he saw a sreat
volume of vapur ona ml!e away. It
seemed to cover a space of at ie:;.H 1<AI
feet square. The air was clear and the
fun shining at the ti;ne. The vapor rose
like a clcuJ of steam sisiy <>r seventy-five
teet in the air. Tho crater around seemed
to bo perfectly dear.
•'Occasionally the vapor would clear."'
s.iiil the captain, "and then we saw the
water break as if over B Bhoat Now; it is
Impossible that any shoal existed th»-re,
and. if it did. that would not account for
the vapor.
"Th«' oh;'.rt shows forty-one fathoms of
water near this point and Just to th<' eart
ward. off the bank, it deepens to J00
f«thom.«. v.v watched the vapor and the
occasional boiling of the water for nearly
an hour nnd the disturbance was ?till x<>
ins on an lively as over. It certainly
looked like a volcanic disturbance to mo."
Captain KiiUile look an observation and
mark* the snnt a? heinjj Intitudc iS.TI and
longitude $7.7.
Large Cloud of Vapor Rose High in
the Air and Water Broke as
if Running Over a
Shonl.
Discovered by Captain Lid
die in the Vicinity of
t Caps Taoche.
SUBMARINE
VOLCANO IN THE
GULF OF MEXICO
GALVESTON. Sept. 23.— Sunday was
quietly spent in Galveston. The con
trast between to-day and the Sunday fol
lowing the great storm has been almost
as great as between the Sunday after the
storm and the preceding Sunday. Many
people attended church services and the
day passed without disorder or excite
ment.
A committee of the City Council ap
peared before the central committee to
day to confer with reference to obtain
ing funds to maintain the police, fire,
water and other necetsary departments
of the city government. The central com
mittee requests Governor Sayers to come
to Galveston to confer on these matters.
Governor Sayers telegraphed that he will
leave for Galveston to-morrow night.
The transportation committee has been
advised that the railroad line leading out
of Houston wi]l honor no more requests
for fiee transportation.
The payrolls for the laborers who
worked en the streets under the military
regime from September IS to September
21 were completed Saturday night. Dis
tribution of pay checks commenced to
day and about" $3000 was paid out. This
covers about TO per cent of the payrolls at
$1 50 per day for the men employed in
clearing the streets of debris and dead
bodies. In all about forty bodies were
taken from the ruins to-day. To-morrow
it is estimated that 2500 men will be at
work on the wreckage. Thirty days will
be required to do the work.
The plan to erect homes for those who
lost everything by the storm, so earnestly
advocated by Clara Barton, is meeting
with every encouragement. A large fund
is to be raised for this purpose to be dis
bursed by Miss Barton.
Five hundred and seventy-six persons
were treated at the emergency hospital
to-day Many serious cases are reported
and several deaths are likely to result.
Two of the city banks wore opened to
dav cashing scrip tor city laborers em
ployed In cleaning street wreckage.
Mrs Mussey. third vice president and
counsellor of "the National Red Cross Sj
eiety left for her headquarters at V> ash
lngton to-day, having spent a week here
with Miss Barton. Mrs. Mussey will at
tend to the handling of supplies at head
quarters. Supplies are being stored and
assorted as they arrive here from all parts
of the country and will be systematically
distributed under the supervision of Red
Cross people. Mrs. Mussey thinks Galves
ton will need at least S5.000.PUO, and so
•stated in a recent address to the people of
the country. Miss Barton's plans are to
stay here several weeks longer.
Business Conditions in the
Stricken City Much
™ . «
It Is Estimated That in Thirty
Days All Debris Will
Save Been Re-
TWO BANKS IN
GALVESTON ARE
AGAIN OPEN
MANILA. Sept. 23.— The Insurgent dem
onstrations la«t week prove to have 1-een
more extended than was at first reported.
From Cagayan and Isabella provinces an.l
the northwestern districts of Luzon come
accounts of insurgent operations and
American precautionary measures. Mer
chants in the province of Alhay are get
tins their hemp to Manila as rapidly as
possible, fearinpr that otherwise it will b*
burned by the insursrnta. ~
At Hollo there was considerable anxiety
lest an uprising should occur, but the in
surgents there are ceasing their activity
and returning in white clothing to the
garrisoned towns in the district. As a re
sumption of insurgent operations is con
sidered quite probable, the Americana
there are taking necessary steps.
The American casualties In killed.
wounded or missinK in the last ten day3
npproach 100. Including the lo?3 at Slni
loan. at the east end of I.affuna de Bay.
where tho insurgents, after the engage
ment, delivered ten bodies of our dead.
Documents captured in Manila show
that the insunrent activity In thi3 vicinity
was ordered by rebels here, following in
struction* from the Hongkong junta.
Senor Buencamlno has received from
Aguinaldo an answer regarding: hi3 peace
proposals. ARiiinaldo declines to consider
them and declares that he is unwilling to
agree to a compromise.
Archbishop NozaUedn..with Bishop He
vla and ten friar?, will leave for Spain
Tuesday. He poes to render his decen
nial religious report. He says he expects
to return here.
The amnesty expired September 21 and
the conditions that existed previously
have been resumed.
An insurant pmclnmatlnn jfirned last
month hy A^ulnaldo directing that Amer
ican prisoners be set at liberty. th,at good
treatment be accorded to captives and
that ?!'"> be«paid to each American surren
dering has reached Manila. Few nrison
era were release! by the proclamation.
Two who have just arrived from the Callles
district rrport that the Insurgents in that
locality are in better spirits than they had
displayed at any time since April.
The Insurgents recently murdered ruth
lessly thrfo persons In th» Lukban dis
trict. Samar is short of rice, but as th?
hemp supply is abundant the people ar>
shipping hemp to Bulan Island and smug-
Kllng food in exchange.
Merchants In Albay Sending Their
Hemp to Manila, Fearing
That It Will Be
Burned.
Insurgents Active in tha
Provinces of Cagayan
and Isabella
OUTBREAK WAS
WORSE THAN AT
FIRST REPORTED
TMJ3 SAJN JbRAXCISCO CALL., MONDAY, : fcJJfiJ^TJflMBER 24, 1900.
2
I ADVEETISE2IENTS.
CASH OR CREDIT.
BIG REDUCTIONS IN
Furniture and Carpets.
CALL AND INiPECT OUR PRICES.
BRILLIANT'S,
• ; 338-340-342 POST ST., .
Open Eveninis. Near Pow«U
PAINLESS DENTISTRY! j
jmk No Plates Required. jsfC) *
OUR REMOVABLE BRITXJB WORK IS
beautiful and durable. Warranted 10 years.
Our S3 plates fit like a tiove.
Our method for painless extracting Is patent-
ed find used by no other dentist on the Pacino
Coast.
PRICE LIST FOR 30 DAYS I
Painless Extraction 25e
Removable Brldgework #3.00
Amalgam • 5<»«»
Mrs. Dr. R. L. Walsh will attend to ta« chil-
dren's teeth— painlessly.
DR. R. I— \A7ALSH.
«15% GEAUT STREET, between Hyd« and
Larkin. Telephone Polk U3S.
#VtM, VIGOR, VITALITY for MDJ
MORMON BISHOP'S PILLS
have been In us* over fifty
years by the leaders of t&«
Mormon Church and their fol-
lowers. Positively cures the-
worst cases In old and young
arising from effects of self-
abuse, dissipation, excesses or
cigarette-smoking. Cures Lost
Manhood. Impctency, Lost
Power. Nlffht Losses. Insom-
nia. Pains la Back. Evil Desires. Lam* Back.
Nervous Debility. Headache. Unfltness to Mar-
ry. Less of Semen. /~ j~ Varicocels or Con-
stipation. Stops ne •"5 II rrous Twitching
of Eyelids. Effects m^ r • Immediate.
Impart vieor anjCeflia pct«ncy to every
function. Don't set despondent: a eur* Is at
hand. Restores small, undeveloped organ*.
Stimulates th- brain and nerve centers; Mo a
box: • for $2 SO by mall. A written guarantee to
cure cr money refunied with I boxes. Circulars
free. Address BISHOP REMEDY CO.. 40 Ellis
St.. San Francisco. Cat.. GRANT DRCO CO..
SS tnd 40 Third »t-
visit OR JORDAN'S meat*
{MUSEUM OF ANATOMY?
QT The Largest Anatomical Museum in t!>e \
I ' M ifl- 1 " w «»>d. Weakness** or any contracted «}
y. BTSSyl dhea«p«'%ltlv»'ly*«ir««lhyth.! olden*
© I**jt41 Spe^^tat^-CoMt Es'.jiyau*. $
# #S£l8 Ok JCa&AH-PRl7AT£ 8lS£AStS .5
A f Coj«lt3tion fren and strictly prorate. \
\Hf hI *»••«»• Cnr«u> every case nodercake?. \
Or li \\w> v/r * e fnr 8°°fc' PniLOsornv «' J
™ " ll 1^ MA1L8O SJUIB. jAf
A & U^ valuabre bools lor mm/ \
y DR. IOGDAS A CO.. 1031 Market St..a F. f
&%& 15! I?! J50 ° "enf falls
i Price 25 cents. AldrSists. «? s . e /lJ
1 dSFS yviEN,
W&k L B?»o v ili8P^
Wi CsH ar writ* ft' »'•*•There will be a lecture this afternoon at
4 o'clock at the Congregation Shaari Ze
dek. corner of Stockton and California,
streets, on the Jewish New Year by the
Rev. Dr. Brown.
Lecture on Jewish New Year.
Professor E. P. Cubberley will lecture
at the State Normal School building-,
Powell street, near Clay, this afternoon at
2:30 o'clock on history Instruction as pro
vided In the course of study in the San
Francisco public schools.
Professor Cubberly to Lecture.
Billy Abbott's notorious dive, on Dupont'
street, between Bush and Pine, was closed
"for keeps" at midnight last night. Ab
bott's license expired at that hour, and
mournfully the proprietor ordered the few
habitues of the place who were there Into
the street and himself closed the doors.
The passing of the saloon that has been
marked with evil ever since Its opening
was not celebrated by any special orgy
on the part of the proprietor or patrons.
Passing of Billy Abbott's.
Democrats Name Judge Shepherd of
Murphys for Assemblyman.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN ANDREAS, Sept. 23.— The Demo
cratic County Convention met here res
terday and nominated Judge J. M. Shep
herd of Murphys for Assemblyman. For
Supervisors the following nominations
were made: Mokelumne township H.
Hemighofen; Angels Camp township, R.
Walsh: San Andreas. J. Salcldo. Judge
J.-P. Snyder of San Andreas was tempo
rary chairman and S. A. Hoffman of
Angels Camp, secretary. The officers of
the new County Central Committee are-
W. A.. Dower, chairman: J. F. Treat Jr
secretary and James B. Luddy, treasurer
CALAVERAS NOMINEES.
ACCIDENTALLY bHOT BY
A FELLOW-MARKSMAN
PEORIA, 111., Sept.- 23.— Harry G. Rouse,
the pioneer bicycle manufacturer of the
West, died to-day, aged 40 years.
Harry G. Rouse.
Edward Barnes Wounded by Sergeant
Paul Coulter at Santa Rosa Mili
tiamen's Target Practice.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SANTA ROSA. Sept. 23.— Edward Barnes,
a member of Company B. the local mili
tary organization, met with a serious ac
cident here this morning under rather un
usual circumstances. The company was
assembled at the practice range, located
about a mile from the city, for target
practice. Barnes was acting as marker.
A strong wind was blowing and in some
manner the signal flag was blown down.
Barnes did not notice this and stepping
directly in range received a ball from the
rifle of Sergeant Paul Coulter.
The buflet entered the left hip, penetrat
ing the body, coming out in front. The
wounded man was brought to town and
taken to the Byington Sanitarium, and
given every attention. While he is not
considered In a critical condition, he 1b
suffering great pain. x
The Day's Dead
"EL. R. Cummings.
MODESTO. Sept. 23.— H. R. Cummings.
clerk at the Tynan Hotel In this city, died
this afternoon of apoplexy. He was a na
tive of New York, aged 54 years.
GEORGE DE VYS.
Last Survivor of the Kane Relief Ex
pedition Passes Away.
WORCESTER. Mass., Sept. 23.— George
de Vys, the last surviving member of the
Government relief expedition which res
cued Dr. Kane, the American Arctic.ex
plorer, in 1855,^ died here to-day, aged 63
years. ., .
Upon the death of United States Pay
master Charles Lever at Alameda, Cal.,
recently, the announcement came that he
was the sole survivor, but Mr. de '* Vys
was a gunner's mate on the expedition
And outlived Paymaster Lever,
Wishes Cuba to Repay Money Loaned
Spain for Carrying On
the War.
HAVANA. Sept. 23.— Puerto Rico's de
mand on Cuba for the repayment of more
than $2,300,000 advanced to Spain to con
duct military operations against Cuba has
been the source of considerable amuse
ment. Cubans are asking why they should
repay funds lent to the enemy for the ex
press purpose of subduing- them.-
General Wood will return the documents
forwarded from Washington to Governor
Allen of Puerto Rico, together with a
memorandum couched In diplomatic lan
guage, pointing out that he is unable to
take any action in the matter.
PECUXIAB, DEMA1TD
OF PUERTO RICO
MARSHAL DE
CAMPOS IS DEAD
Governor of Madrid and
Predecessor of Weyler
Passes Away.
MADRID. Sept. 23.— Marshal Martinez
de Campos died this morning shortly after
10 o'clock at Zarause, near San Sebastian.
Marshal Martinez" Campos, the Spanish
general and statesman, was born in 1834,
went through the campaign of Morocco
in 1859 as a member of the staff of the
commander in chief, O'Donnell, and was
promoted to the rank of major. In 1SU1
he joined the army of Cuba as colonel,
and remained six years on that i§land.
After the' abdication of King Amadeo he
declined to give his adhesion to the
new order of things and made no secret
of his antipathy to the republic. He was
put on the retired list in 1873, and shortly
afterward was confined in a fortress as
a conspirator. »
From his prison he Addressed to the
Minister of War the well known letter in
which lie requested permission to go and
fight, as a private, under the orders of
General Concha, the Carlist forces in
Navarre and the Basque provinces. • This
letter obtained for him nls liberty, and he
was sent to the Army of the North in
April, 1S74, to command a division cf the
Third Corps.
General Campos met wlt*h such signal
success in his military operations that tha
high dignity of captain general of the
army, which Is equivalent to that of a
marshal of France, was the recompense
for his services. *
In 18SS he was appointed captain general
of New Castile. This post he left in order
to proceed to Cuba, where the refusal to
grant reform had rekindled the Insurrec
tion. He arrived In Havana April 26, 1S95.
and successfully met the rebels in several
engagements. In September he forwarded
a petition for home rule, and throughout
he was in favor of meeting the rebels half
way. This petition, however, did not meet
with favor at home and he was recalled
In January, 1S96, to be succeeded by Gen
eral Weyler. Since then he had been Gov
ernor of Madrid and during the threatened
dynastic troubles he had been Chle^ Coun
selor of the Queen Regent.
BOERS NOT TO
BE DEPORTED
Roberts' Promise to Those
\Who Voluntarily Sur
render.
Special Dispatch to Tho Call.
PRETORIA, Sept. "23. — A proclamation
announcing that burghers who voluntari
ly surrender will not be sent out of the
country, but will be detained in camps at
Bloemfontein or Pretoria, was Issued to
day. In case of having stock selected rep
resentatives will be allowed to take charge
of the cattle. The locality in which. the
herds will be kept will be designated by
the commanding officers of districts.
This proclamation gives great satisfac
tion to those anxious to see the war con
cluded, as It is believed it will give the
coup cle grace to the Boer resistance. It
has, been repeatedly stated that many
burghers would lay down their arms if
assured they would not be . sent to St.
Helena or Ceylon by the British.
The Boer 'forces in the east are in com
plete disorganization. A few diminished
and disunited commandos j are returning
westward with scanty supplies and am
munition. There is reason to believe the
heavy guns have cither been destroyed or
buried. Thirty Boers from Hekpoort. who
surrendered four months ago have arrived
here. , . . .
Van der Merwe's commando tried to
force a fight with the British force last
week. They fired on the English, wound
ing two.
LOURENZO MARQUES. Sept. 23.— The
British have occupied Koomatipoort with
out opposition.
BOY DROWNED IN A
POND AT SANTA CLARA
Little Jimmie Maynard Falls From
a Raft and His Companions Are
Unable to Save Him.
Special IMspatch to. The Call.
SANTA CLARA. Sept. 23.— Jimmie May
nard, 8 years old, was drowned in a pond
at Santa Clara College i this afternoon.
Students searched nearly two hours be
fore'the body was found.
Little Jimmie Maynard was the only
son of John Maynard, *n employe in the
Pacific Manufacturing Company's mill at
this place. His mother had gone to Alum
Rock to spend the day. Jimmie. with two
companions, wandered to the pond about
a quarter of a mile from the college. Gel
ting onaraft the other boys towed him ou\
to the middle of the pond. In some way
be lost his balance, and falling from the
raft was . drowned. The boys who were
with him did not tell of the accident, but
students- going to the pond later saw a
hat floating. For two hours, under the
direction of. Rev. Father Kenna. men and
boys dragged the pond, diving and swim
ming under the water, unavallingly till
nearly 5 o'clock, when Charles Livernash
and Charles Wilson, students at the col
lege, discovered the body In the deepest
part of the pool. The agonized father had
been present during the search, taking
hope from the uncertainty, but as the life
less form of his only child was brought to
the shore . he fell across the limp little
body. .
MANY NEW CASE! OF
YEXJ/OW FEVKR IN CUBA
Thirty-One Have • Been Reported,
• Making Nearly One Hundred
Under Treatment. -
HAVANA, Sept. 23.— Thirty-one , new
cases of yellow fever have been officially
reported since Ifrlday, making nearly one
hundred now under treatment. Captain
George S. Cartwright, Twenty-fourth
United States Infantry, quartermaster's
department, whp " was taken down with
fever last Sunday at Columbia, is dead.
Robert Thomas and Alfred Kllbourn, Sec
ond United States Artillery, were attacked
yestarday.&jiffi •
Succeeds the Earl of Hopetown.
LONDON. Sept. 23.— The Earl of Claren
don has been appointed Lord Chamberlain
in succession to the Earl of Hopetown, re
cently appointed Governor General of the
Australian commonwealth.
Thomas K. Shepard, Antonio Vargas.
Mae Tunison. Pearl Hickman and new
moving pictures.
• • •
The twelfth series of ConradPs living
picture? and the "sportsman's ballet" are
the Olympiads attractions.
• • •
The new bill which opens at the Chutes
to-night Includes Smith and Ellis, sketch
artists; William de Boe, the upside down
man; Johnston and Harvey, the musical
Chinamen; Dick Wilde, barytone; Baby
Ruth, the child wonder; the lion act and
new moving pictures.
IN THE CITY'S PLAYHOUSES.
MONTREAL, Sept. 23.— Lieutenant Hob
son arrived in this rity t. s evening. He
was shown the answer made by Admiral
Dewey to the interview with the lieuten
ant sent out from Vancouver. He said
he was deeply grieved that Admiral
Dewey had taken the matter up in the
way reported. He declared that he was
not responsible for the statement made
in the Vancouver interview. He had been
approached by a reporter and in the
course of a conversation had stated that
the Spanish ships had been sunk because
the plugs were drawn bv the Spaniards.
He explained that it was impossible to
sink a ship by hitting it above the water
line. Admiral Dewey had. however, com
pelled the Spaniard* to sink their ships,
and that was just as effective as sinking
them with shells. Personally he had the
highest posssible respect for Admiral
Dewey and his groat achievement, and he
greatly regretted that anything had been
attributed to him which might tend to de
stroy the glory of the admiral's deeds.
At the California Theater postponement
!s the order of the day. but the long-de
ferred crjragernent of the Azzali Opera
<"rn--3^y la "posltlvelv announced" for
"positively the last Cme" to open next
Wednesday evening with "Otello. On
Thursday night "Carmen' will be given,
Friday "Aida." Saturday matinee *Tra
vlata • Saturday night "Otello" and Sun
day "Aida." 0 i ;-
At the Columbia Theater Clay Clement
r.n<l L,. R. Stockwell will revive the pop
ular comedy success by A. TV. Plnero.
"The Magistrate." with "the strongest
ra«rt that has ever presented it here.'
• • •
At the Alcazar Theater Clay M. Greene's
;:muf=!ng play. "His Japanese Wife," will
!.e put on for the week. "His Japanese
Wffe" had a mo«t successful run at the
Alcazar a few seasons ago and Miss Ju
liet <"rofby. who created the role of Mrs.
McGufttn, "has returned to the city to fill
thep ;i rt. r # #
Wayno and Caldwell. presenting one of
George M. Cohan'* sketches: Kolb and
I»H1. Herman dialect comedians: Mr. and
Mr?. Jackson In an up-to-date comedy.
"A Married Man"; and Merrrtt and Mur
?V'ok are the new attractions at the Or
iVusum. • "
• >sp!«> Bartiett Davis will cro-wn the
f-:'il for another week with her delightful
Moa, and the MuBical Johnstonea and
McCale and Daniels are among the hold
overs. g m .
Fischer's Concert House announces Han
lcc end Singer, the De Gosco brothers.
Tn response to a general request the
season's triumph at the Tivoli Opera
house. "Tannhaxxser," will be repeated
this week, to alternate with "The Barber
of Seville." In the former Baron Ber
thald will make his last appearance this
=< ason and will then return to Xew York
after his short but brilliant engagement.
In "The Barber of Seville" Rusao. Re
r.«Tto and Ferrari have perhaps their fa
\nrUf parts and certainly those roles In
which they were most enjoyed on their
last appearance here.
There Is not the shadow of a plot— but
•iwas not expected. There is no good char
acter sketching (except, perhaps, Kelly
himself), which, at least, one had a right
to dt-mand; the farce is eminently vul
par-an impertinent assumption of the
character of Alhambra audiences; and the
advertised "fast and furious fun" is
chiefly conspicuous by its absence.
Phil Ott, the redeeming feature of the
performance, did good work as Kassius
Kflly and Howard Bculden as Souer
PickVlgnlcker made as much as possible
out of the poor opportunity a*-orded him.
Gladys Claire and Cora E. Ferris were in-
Olfferentlv good In their respective roles,
but cf the rest of the company the kind
est criticism Is silence.
The farce will rtin for one week only
and will be followed by "That Man."
The Alhambra Theater Is also out with
the bept posters of the week in illustration
cf Sir. Outcalt'p adaptation, a really clever
and taking collection, an excellent adver
tisement, but a delusion and a snare. For
"Kelly's Kids" are the fattest, stalest,
most unprofitable Infantln4 frauds that
have ever been perpetrated upon a suf
fering public.
I The Alhambra Theater Is out this week
with a new farce comedy in three acts,
by R. T. Outea.ult. adapted from cartoons
!n a. New York newspaper, and a pood au
dience saw the opening last evening-.
HOBSON SAYS
WAS MISQUOTED
Declares He Had No Thought
of Reflecting Upon
Dawey.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PAV AXTOXIO. Tex.. Sept. 23.— A
cloudburst and river flood far reaching In
loss of life and property Sevastated a
lar=» area between the Neuces and Rio
Grande rivr-rs last nig-ht. The list of the
<*< a.d numbers thus fa.r eighteen, besides a
camp of forty ItaJIan immigrants swept
away, with probably terrible fatalities.
The Btorm disturbances which have
b^n manifest in Western Texas for two
Cmya pa 17 * culminated Saturday evening
la a heavy ra.'.n ar.d thunder storm over
th« vast stretch of country from Sabi
ral. 74 miles -wf-st of San Antonio, on the
P ''jtliern Pacific, to and beyond Del Rio.
j ud still further west on the same rail
rs.Ld. Reports from ranches say Colonel
Ksbert McDonald, a wealthy Englishman,
together with his major domo, Jesus
C.intrpraB. four sheep-hfrders and one
fiork of 1700 sheep, perished in the Aroyo
Armas, between lirackettsville and Eagle
Pass. Six bodies were carried six miles
before being caught by branches of mr»
cutte brush. In a little Mexican village,
].&aigle, on Gajlaxdo Creek, a branch of
the Neuces River, not a shack is left
Btanding. A Mexican family of four and
and two American camper?, supposed to
have been deer hunters from Eagle Pass,
perished. Loss of life is believed to have I
resulted on Circle X ranch and at Dos j
Pasitos. but this cannot be verified. ;
All effort to sret word from Bracketts
ville, which was wrecked by flood a year
ago, failed, owing to the washing away of
the telegraph wires.
In the valley of the Xeuces River and
about twelve miles northwest of UvaJde
; the downpour was in the nature of a
i cloudburst and the Neuces River at
i Uvalde rose twenty-five feet in two hours.
Sycamore River, over •which is the South
ern Pacific bridge, consisting of three 200
foot span*, also rose to the bed of the
bridge. The structure .'trembled and
cracked under the strain and 'Bias badly
damaged. All wires went down in ihe
flood and the track was damaged by
washouts in several places.
The flood is making its way down the
Neuces Valley, carrying ranch property
with It. but the alarm haj? everywhere
I b«»en given and ranchmen have driven
; their catt'e to hlg-her ground and have
j moved most of their effects to places of
safety.
k List of Known Dead Numbers Eighteen ard Forty Italian !
Campers Are Believed to Have Been Swept
Away by the F.ood.
CLOUDBURST IN WESTERN TEXAS
CAUSES HEAVY LOSS OF LIFE
MORE DAMAGED VESSELS
FEOM THE GBAUD BANKS
Collision Between TwoTrench Schoon
ers Reported and Both Are
Probably Lost.
ST. JOHNS, M. F., Sept. 23.— Damaged
vessels continue to make this port from
the Grand Banks. One reports a collision
between two French fishing schooners
during a heavy gale, carrying away the
masts of both. They were driven out of
sight and it is feared that they foundered,
which would represent a loss of about
forty lives.
BOY ACCIDENTALLY SHOT.
Edward Penna of Grass Valley
Killed With His Own Wsapcn.
GRASS VALLEY, Sept. 23.— Edward
Penna, a sixteen-year-old boy, accident
ally shot himself to-day and died a few
minutes later. He and his brothers had
been hunting and on their return* home
Edward attempted to knock a pear from a
tree with the stock of his gun, holding tho
muzzle in his hand. The gun. a 22-callber
rifle, was discharged, the bullet passing
through the boy's heart.
JEALOUSY CAUSES A
MTJKDER AT SAN JOSE
Chin Pok Kills Yong Chung, Who
Had B^en Paying Too Much At
tention to His Wife.
Special Disratch to The Call.
SAN JOSE. Sept. 23. — Affection for an
other man's wife led to the murder of
Yong Chung, a Chinese. In woollen mill
Chinatown early this morning. The mur
derer is Chin Pok. Both men are em
ployed in the woolen mill.
For the past month the men had been
quarreling. Pok objecting to the atten
tions Yong Chung paid to his wife.
Friends of both men say he had warned
Chung to desist or he would kill him. but
the latter paid no attention to the threat,
lie was considerably younger than Pok.
and it is said the woman encouraged him.
The men, with several others, occapled
a building in Chinatown. When they
arose this morning at 6:30 Pok renewed
the » quarrel. After a few words he
grabbed an ax and attacked Chung. The
first blow with the blunt end felled him to
the floor, and then he split his head open
with the edge of the ax. A gash three
ar«d a half inches long was made. The
skull was cut and the brain penetrated.
The head presented a ghastly spectacle,
but In this condition the man lived till 11
o'clock.
As soon as Pok committed the crime he
lied. The police were not notified until
three hours after the act, and by thla time
he had got a good start. They have a
good description of the man and It Is only
a question of time when he will be caught.
CALITOBNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK. Sept. 23.— J. Goldberg of
San Francisco is at the Savoy. "W. S.
Chamberlain of San Diego is at the Xe
therland. J. R. Burnham of Oakland 13
at the Victoria.
Residence and Barn of C. A* Brown
Destroyed.
Special r>ispatch to The Call.
VrOODLAND. Sept. 23.— C. A. Brown's
residence and barn with all their contents
weie destroyed by fire this afternoon. The
origin is unknown. The loss if about $7>000,
partially covered by insurance.
A passenger engine started a fire this
afternoon on the Merritt farm near Wood
land. A large area was burned over and
the loss Is heavy. Three fires were started
north of "Woodland, but no particulars
have been received.
FIKE AT WOODLAND.
SAN MATEO, Sept. 23.— With ap
propriate ceremony the magnifi
cent new church of St. Matthew's,
recently erected In this city
through the munificence of Mrs.
A. M. Parrott, was dedicated to-day to the
service of God.
The services began at 10:30 a. m. In the
presence of a large congregation. Arch
bishop p. W. Rlordan presided. Preceded
by the acolytes and clergy, his Grace first
blesred the exterior of the edifice, after
which the procession entered the church,
where the ceremony was completed. Music
was furnished by the choir of St. Mary's
Cathedral. Sdn Francisco, under the
leadership of Father Hannlgan.
After the dedicatory ceremonies high
maps was celebrated, Rev. M. D. Connol
ly, pastor of St. Paul's Church, San Fran
cisco, being the celebrant. Rev. P. I.
Cummins, pastor of St. Patrick's Church,
San Francisco, assisted In the capacity of
deacon and Rev. J. A. Cooper, pastor of
St. Michael's Church, Ocean View, was
sub-deacon. Father Mulligan, secretary
to the Archbishop, acted as master of
ceremonies. Rev. H. Lagan and Rev. P.
The style of architecture la of the Ital
ian Renaissance and the material brick
and stone. Both exterior and Interior
present the same architectural features.
The new church, which was built to re
place the old St. Matthew's, Is without
doubt one of the most handsome and best
appointed houses of worship to be found
Jn the State, outside of San Francisco. It
Is located on East street, between Second
and Third. In this city and cost $50,000.
The vestments used on this occasion by
the Archbishop and his assistants were
also the gift of Mrs. Parrott. They are
the most magnificent Imaginable. The
yellow silk -which forms the ground for a
heavy embroidery of gold bullion is of so
rich a fabric that It fairly stands alone.
The vestments were ordered from Paris
and when thSy^ arrived here It took two
men to carry them into the vestry.
Music for the mass was rendered by the
young ladies of the church choir, assisted
by Miss A. Roney and Father Hannigan's
male choir. Miss Etta Coleman presided
at the organ.
Scanlon assisting at the dias of the
Archbishop.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
jiis Ljrace, /ArcKbisKop /Ciordarv, ¦ Urnciates at tKe
Solen\r\ ar\d ImpressiVe Gererr\or\\j
ir\ Sar\ Mateo JoWr\. .;- : x -
SACRAMENTO, Sept. 22.— A loc. chem
ist !s now analyzing the stomach of Mrs.
Jennie Douglas Gotthold, daughter of
City Trustee Phil Douglas, who died sud
denly at the latter's house yesterday
morning. So far there are no sign? of poi
son in the stomach. The chemist sayj.
however, that that does not Indicate tfv
absence of poison. City Trustee Dougla*'
wife died seme time ago and since then
he has frequently been seen with a woman
named May Arlington. It is s;iid that the
Arlington woman's attachment for Doug
las was' inspired by no other circumstance
than for the purpose of securing from him
as much of his money as she could obtain.
Yesterday afternoon, some hours after the
death of Mrs. Gotthold, the Arlington
woman was arrested for vagrancy upon
the demand of Policeman James Oouglas,
a brother of the Trustee.
Chief of Police Sullivan emphatically de
nies that the arrest of the Arlington
woman was in any way connected with
the death of Trustee Douglas' daughter,
but that she was arrested for vagrancy
and for no other cause. The chemist em
ployed in the case will submit his report
to the Coroner on Tuesday.
Slay Arlington, a Friend of the
Dead Woman's Father, Is
Being Held by the
Police.
»
Special DlFpntrh to The Call.
Chemist Is Making an An
alysis of the Contents of
the Stomach.
INVESTIGATING
THE DEATH OF
MRS. GOTTHOLD
Conductor Davidson was later arrested
at the power-house by Policeman Me-
Quade and charged at the City Prison
with assault to commit murder. Notwith
standing the seriousness of the charge
Bond Clerk Greeley accepted $100 cash bail
and Davidson was released. He had
throv.-n away the knife Tvith which he did
the cutting before his arrest and it was
not recovered. He claims he acted in self
defense.
"Seeing that my brother was all but out.
as I thought. I grabbed Duffey and found
that he had been cut in the cheek. After
crying that he had been atabbed he left
the car."
The motorman would not admit that he
saw his brother use a knife on Duffey.
"McI-auKhlin and Duffev after boarding
the car insisted on crowding two women
out of their scats. After I had remon
strated with them they started to sing ri
bald songs. One of the women appealed
to me. and after stopping the car I start
ed to eject the two men. McLaughlin Im
mediately jumped from his seat and
struck me on the eye. I summoned my
brother, who was on the back platform,
and together we proceeded to throw the
obnoxious passengers off the car. Jusv.
then Duffey struck my brother a terrific
blow in the face, almost knocking him off
the dummy. McLaughlln was fighting
viciously, but after receiving a few blows
he got cold feet and ran away.
Captain Spillane, upon learning of the
affair, sent a policeman to arrest the con
ductor. He found the motorman, who is
a brother of the conductor, and took him
to police headquarters. When questioned
Davidson refused to say whether or not
his brother had cut Duffey. His version
of what had happened before the cutting
was as follows:
According to Duffey's story he and
his brother-ln-la-cv, Charles McLaughlln,
boarded the car at Twenty-third street.
After riding several blocks they engaged
in si dispute with the conductor, who
started to eject them. Getting the worst
of the encounter, Davidson drew a knife
and proceeded to carve Duffey. The latter
finally jumped from the car and went to
the Receiving Hospital, where his wounds
were dressed.
During a row on a Kolsom-street car
last night John Duffey. a horseshoer.^was
slashed across the cheek, arm and head
by Frank Davidson, the conductor. The
wound in th« cheek extended from the
corner of the mouth to the back of the
neck. It required twenty-three stitches to
sew it up.
Failing to Eject Sim, He Slashes
Him Across Cheek, Head and
Arm — Claims Self-
Defense.
Conductor Frank Davidson
Uses a Knife on rf»
Noisy Passenger.
ROW ON STREET
CAR LEADS TO A
CUTTING SCRAPE
joined by Deputy Sheriff Davis. The
Sheriff and Deputy Conran and Detective
< Golden arrested th^ robber at about 3
•-.•clock this "Sf ternoon at Erierly's. He
proved to be a young man named Frank
Fell. Bbout 22 years of age. Fell would
not talk about the affair. The wound in
his shoulder is not a serious one. Scott
«U taken to Rfo Vi«la for medical treat
ment. He will likely recover.
Sheriff Johnson was Immediately noti
fied of the shooting and he telephoned to
one nf his deputies, C. K. Davis, at Wal
nut Grove, to repair to the scene of the
shooting- at once. The Sheriff and Deputy
Sherlff Ira Conran and fountv Detective
M.irk Golden went to Walkers Landing at
r.n early hour this morning and were there
SACRAMENTO. Sept. 23.— A dastardly
fitt«=-mm at murder and robbery was com
mlttefl at Walkers Landing, about six
m'.ies bolou- Walnut Grove on Steamboat
S!r>us:h. this county, about 10 o'clock las*
risbt. Just as Charles Scott a bartender
employed by E. L. Shelloy, was about to
dose th« place, a man wearing a large
black hat with a. larjre black musk cover
ing almost the upper portion of his body,
entered the place and commanded Scott to
Throw up his hands. There was no one
*lse in the saloon at the time except an
<->ld man who, evidently was not able 10
render Scott any assistance. While tho
robber was endeavoring to gather up whai
money there was behind the bar Scott
reached for his pistol, which movement
the robber quickly discovered. The rob
ber's attention being: directed toward
Scott, he rather unguarded himself.. How
«»vor both men began shooting at about
the same time. The robber was armed
with a British bulldog pistol, from which
he Sred two shots at Scott, one of the
bullets striking Scott In the side. Scott
emptied his pistoi at the robber, who re
ceived one of the bullets in his right
fhou'dcr.
Special Dispatch to The Call'
Two Men Exchanged Several Shots
in the Saloon and Both of
Them Axe Slightly
Wounded.
Burglar Who Attacked Him
Is Frank Fell, a
Young Man.
ASSAILANT OF
CHARLES SCOIT
UNDER ARREST
CONSECRATES T HE BEAUTIFUL
CHURCH OF ST. MATTHEW'S
Myron Brown, an Oakland teamster.
was shot and severely wounded last night
in Alameda by Policeman George N. Mc-
Rae while trying to esc:*a in a buggy
with two companions after they had all
been arrested for fast driving and disturb
ance. Charles Kelly, a teamster, had his
right arm grazed by a bullet, and another %
ball from the policeman's bullet wounded
the horse. The third man, Mai Jacobs.
also a teamster, was not hit.
The shooting occurred at 7 o'clock on
Santa Clara avenue, near St. Charles
street. The trio had been racing down tha
avenue, headed west. McKae heard the
rig go by as he was on his way to his beat
from Walnut street. In the distance h«
saw the busgy tearing at top speed of a
lively horse. Jumping on an electric car
he started after the reckless drivers and
soon overhauled them.
There was a row when the policeman
tried to stop the party, but he finally got
them out of the buggy, handcuffed tha
driver. Brown, and then ordered the trio
into the vehicle under arrest. Brown,
manacted as he was, got the reins In his
hands and started off.
The policeman hung on to the buggy ana
was dragged a hundred feet. He drew h!a
pistol and fired two shots before he let go
and another as he lay in the street. •
The men got away, but were caught
by McRae later at the Alameda approach
to the Webster-street bridge. They sub
mitted to arrest, saying they were wound
ed. They were sent to the Oakland Re
ceiving Hospital. Dr. E. N. Ewer found
that Brown was shot In the back, the
bullet lodging out of reach of a probe and
probably under the right shoulder blade.
The wound is painful, but not considered
fatal. _
Kelly and Jacobs were- taken to the City
Jail, tv here they were charged with cru
elty to animals and resisting a police offi
cer. Brown admitted that he had been
racing his horse, but Jacobs and Kelly
denied that 'here was any disturbance or
trouble. Brown is 2S years old, married
and resides at 17."> Sixth street, Oakland.
He is employed by Jones' Express. Ja
cobs Is 20 years of age and lives at 2113
Owight way, Berkeley, and Kelly ia ex
pressing at Berkeley, lie lives at Ala
meda. He was recently released from the
County Jail, whore he served a term for
embezzlement. McRae's story la as fol
lows:
•'¦When I grabbed the horse's head atter
overtaking the team I said: 'Enys. you
are under arrest." They replied with a
lot of oath?. Then I ordered Ke!Iy out
of the rig ard Brown tried to whip up the
horse. I grabbed him and handcuffed him.
I ordered the men back in the rig and
soid I would drive them up to the Jail.
"Brown got the lines and started the
horse and Kelly shoved me off the r'.tr.
As they whipped up I yelled "Stop or I'll
shoot.' Kelly hit me again and while I
was hanging on the side of the buggy I
pulled the pistol and fired."
The three men hired the team from 1.TC+-
Kenzle's stable. Center and Thirteenth
streets. Oakland, at 1 o'clock yesterday.
Thev drove to Elmhurst and then started
for homo by way n{ Alameda. The horse,
which was* shot in the leg. Is a valuabla
one.
McRae Fires Three Bullets
at Prisoner Escaping
in a Buggy.
Myron Brown Severely Wounded,
One Companion Scratched and
the Horse Is Hit in
the Leg.
TEAMSTER SHOT
BY AN ALAMEDA
POLICE OFFICER
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 24, 1900.
EXTERIOR AND INTERIOR
VIEWS OF ST. MATTHEW'S
CHURCH AT SAN MATEO.
3
I j ERE is one of the things of great
JL JL value we offer at a small price.
We ask you only
for it It doesn't seem possible that
we could do it, but we do, and we
make money on it.
It's in oak or imitation ma-
hogany — a beautiful little stool.
+ : . — L — ___ , _ +
The largest stock of Carpets and
Floor Coverings in this city.
750 Mission St., San Francisco.glnes and boilers are new, the armor was
ripped off and modern steel armor substi
tuted; the armament is likewise of the
latest pattern and the former ship rig has
been removed to be replaced with a signal
mast.
Two third-class cruisers, the Satellite
and the Rapid, composite built In 1SS2 and
1SS4. have been removed from the active
list in the British navy. They were of
1420 tons and about twelve knots' speed,
and rendered good service, but have be
come obsolete. Three composite sloops of
1130 tons and ten knots' speed, built in 1S72
and 1S7S, have likewise been relegated to
rotten row. Their names are the Garnet.
Pelican and "Wild Swan, the two last be
ing well known on this coast for many
years while attached to the Pacific squad
ron. .
Townsend's California glace fruits 50c a
pound in tire-etched boxes or Jap. baskets.
039 Market, Palace Hotel. •
Special Information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont
gomery st. Telephone Main 1042. •
THE WORLD'S WARSHIPS
Fighting tops are being discarded in the
Swedish and Norwegian navies.
It is rumored that the Turkish Govern
ment has ordered six cruisers from the
shipyards at Klel._
Japan is said to have ordered three Par
son turbine torpedo boat destroyers at
Newcastle-on-Tyne :
The total naval appropriation for Swe
den and Norway amounts to 56,156,805, of
which $3,742,250 is for new ships and their
armament.
The Italian torpedo schoolshlp Trinacrla
is being transformed into a royal yacht
to take the place of the Savoya, which
has been found undesirable on account of
its great size.
The Marconi system of wireless telegra
phy has been adopted in the British navy
and twenty-five sets have been purchased.
The Inventor receives a royalty of $500
yearly on each set.
The Armstrong ordnance factory at
Elswick will have a traveling crane of 135
tons capacity at the armor factory to be
established at Openshaw. This will be the
largest crane of Its kind in existence.
The Russian armored cruiser Admiral
Nachlmoff, built in 18S5, ' has been com
oletely modernized at Kronstadt. The en-
Meat has been preserved In a frozen
state for thirty years and found perfect
ly eatable at the end of that time.
HOTEL DEL. CORONADO— Special summer
rates still in effect at this beautiful country
home, where summer and winter are one. At
4 New Montcomery street. San Francisco, get
rates with special round-trip summer ticket.
PERSONAL MENTION.
Dr. M. M. Shearer of Santa Rosa Is a.t
the Lick.
C. B. Wells, who owns large plantation
interests in Honolulu, is a guest at the
Palace.
Dr. Charles Hamilton English of Wash
ington, D. C. returned yesterday from
Honolulu and N at the California.
F. H. Botsford, a manufacturer of Phil
adelphia, returned from a business tr p
to Honolulu yesterday and registered at
the Grand.
Major George Ruhlen, quartermaster.
Tj. S. A., who has been stationed for two
years at Honolulu, arrived at the Califor
nia yesterday. He will exchange placta
with Major Robinson, quartermaster, U.
John D. Spreckels left last night for
Philadelphia, to be present at the trial trip
of the Oceanic Steamship Company's new
steamer Sierra. The trial takes place on
October 1. The Sierra Is one of the new
steamers which will ply between San
Francisco and Australia. Mr. Spreckela
wil: remain in Philadelphia a month.5±/
so, to await the arrival of his family fro«T?
Europe. He will also superintend the
details Incidental to the dispatching of his
three new steamers. The Sonoma will
start for this coast on October 10. and
the Sierra on November 1. The Ventura
will sail on November £1 for this ycrt.
A curious report from Galveston is to the effect that
:n proportion to population the deaths among the
whites of the city were much more numerous than
among the negroes and it t appears that when the
<torm burst the negroes became scared and had sense
enough to run to a place of safety, but the whites
were afraid to ?how signs of cowardice and so did not
start for safetj- until it was too late.
The Market Street Company has again been
commanded by municipal authorities to remove
Us unused tracks from the streets.- This joke has been
1-crpetrated on the company so often that it has lost
even the virtue of novelty. The company will, of
course, give the command no attention.
Th; statement that Kruger left the* Transvaal for
his health is an evidence that it is impossible for. the
American people to construct a joke that will not
sooner or later appear in Europe as a serious thing.
The woman bootblack of San Diego, who is to wed
n riih Dawsonite. will be able to add a new weapon
to the arms of the fair sex if storms'cross the do
mestic horizon.*
News of an absolutely sensational nature has been
received from Samoa. There is not the slightest indi
cation of a revolution on the^ islands.
Finally Bryan has lost his reputation for sincerity
in anything. He is known to have advocated the
treaty of Paris, which he now denounces. He is
known to have evaded a direct question concerning
what financial policy he would pursue if elected to
the Presidency. He is known to be the ally of Boss
Croker of Tammany Hall and the ice trust, while at
the same time denouncing trusts. It is known that
while he denounces imperialism he is at the same time
courting the favor of men like Morgan of Alabama
and ether Southern politicians who are the only
out and out imperialists of the country.
In short, the answer to B*ryan's question is to be
found in the fact that since 1896 all the conditions of
the country have changed, that the opinions of many
former free "coinage men have changed with them
that we have prosperity where we once had"adver
sity, and that Bryan himself no longer appears to the
public in same guise. There are plenty of reasons,
therefore; why men who supported him then shouH
vote against him now, but very few why any one at
There were men who voted for Bryan in 1896 be
cause they believed him to be a patriot. Now they
perceive him to be a mere demagogue, resorting to
everV trick and device his cunning can conceive to
catch votes. They see him unscrupulous in his efforts
to array one class of citizens against another and to
discredit the foreign policy of the republic and weaken
Some men voted for Bryan in 1896 because they
sincerely believed it would be impossible to restore
prosperity to the industries of the country on the gold
basis. The experience of^the past four years has dis
sipated that belief. The gold standard has been firmly
established and the country has reached its highest
degree of prosperity. Though Bryan be not capable
of learning from experience,, other men are, and such
men are not going. to ignore the lesson they have
learned. They know that, during the McKinley ad
ministration the country has flourished, and they pro
pose this time to vote for the party of prosperity and
not the party of calamity.
That the question can be answered in many ways
is attested by the number of men who after support
ing Bryan in 1S96 are now against him. Each of these
men has his o«vn reasons for the change, and the pub
lic is not ignorant of what they are.
DtjRINQ his campaign tour in Kansas and Mis
souri Bryan is reported to have asked in al
most every speech this question: "Why
should any man who voted with us in 1896 vote
against us now?"
BRYAN'S QUESTION.
It will be seen that the list is a good one. Had
Caffery and Howe stayed in they would not have
complicated the game, but since they have withdrawn
they will not be missed. Enough are left.
While there may be some sentimental regret that
the Southern candidate backed out, there will be no
testing sorrow. Even without Caffery there are can
didates enough. In addition to the ticket of Mc-
Kinley and Roosevelt, supported by Republicans,
and that of Bryan and Stevenson, supported by Dem
ocrats, Silver Republicans and Fusion Populists,
there are the following:
Mid-Road Populist— Wharton Barker of Pennsylvania,
Ignatius Donnelly of Minnesota.
Prohibition— John J. Woolley of Illinois, Henry B.
Metcalf of Rhode Island.
Social Democrats— Eugene V. Debs of Indiana, Job
Harriman of California.^
Social Labor— Joseph F. Malloney of Massachusetts,
Valentine Remmell of Pennsylvania.
United Christian— J. F. R. I^eonard of Iowa, Charles
M. Sheldon of Kansas.
National 'Union Reform-Seth Ellis' of Ohio, Samuel
T. Nicholson of Pennsylvania.
From one point of view the withdrawal of the
ticket is a loss to the campaign. Caffery was the only
candidate for the Presidency which the South has had
since i860. The distinguished gentleman from Loui
siana would not have been elected, but then there are
several other candidates whose chances are no better,
and, since all other sections have representatives in
the free-for-all strugle for the prize, it is desirable the
South should have had one also.
DISPATCHES from New York yesterday an
nounced that at a conference held in that city
the leaders of lhe "National" party had decided
tc withdraw their ticket, Caffery and Howe, from the
field and take no further part in the fight of the
year. The decision appears to have been forced
partly by the fact that the candidates withdrew and
partly by a lack of money to organize in any State
except New York. With no candidates and no
coin, the contest of the Nationalists would necessarily
have been a forlorn one, and it was an act of wisdom
to quit.
ENOUGH ARE LEFT.
In 1896 Bourke Cockran said: "The American peo
ple will never consent to substitute the republic of
Washington, of Jefferson, of Jackson for the republic
of an Altgeld. a Tillman or a Bryan." This year
Cockran is talking another way, but his prophecy
holds good.
THE debutantes! That is what we
are all interested in. now that
the season is about to burst and
bloom. Oh. the fewness of them:
But oh again, the quality! Only
four; the creme de la creme: the
prettiest, ivlttiest and richest any season
has ever brought forth. It makes me
tingle with anticipated delight when I
think of their respective coming-out par
ties.
Marie Louise Parrott.
Marie Christine de Guigne.
Florence Breckenridge.
Lucie King.
Isn't that a quartet that would set any
younpr man a-thinking?
Just at present there is a little draw
back to Florence Breckenridge's debut.
Her uncle, Joshua TtTvis, is not enjoying
good health, and there is a possibility that
on his account Florence may not come
out. Ah! but I hope she will; we all de
voutly hope she will. She is so fetching,
bewitching and, mercy me, so witty! And
then the Tevises— well, they know how to
entertain, and they don't stop with a
knowledge of a thing.
And I don't know that the Parrotts are
so backward, either, when they start to
do things. And with the two Marios— De
Guigne and Parrott— things are sure to
be kept humming in the Parrott family.
The prophets are already busy, and
they are saying Lucie King is to be the
beauty of the season. And I should not
wonder but that they 1 are right. She is a
willowy blonde, and looks like— an angel.
It is always the debutantes that make
a season. I'm preparing for loads of fun
this winter.
• * •
It is really just beautiful the way the
girls arc helping each other out in the
matter of getting up suitable fruit and
flower costumes for the Carolan stable
ball. Just for example: There is Addle
Murphy. Edith McBean got a "crush" on
the "water lily" costume Addie wore at
her own fancy dress ball. Stately Edith
thought she would look well as a pond
lily, and we all, Addie Included, agreed
with her, "When she approached Addie
on the subject the dear original pond Illy
acted just like an angel.
"Of course I don't mind," said Addie,
"if you want to go as a pond lily. I haJ
no Intention of wearing the same dress
twice, and, further, I think , you will
look gorgeous as a lily. I'll help you all
I can." And she has; and I wager Edith
will look stunning. She has the grace
that belongs to the lily, and the coloring
of the gown is sure to suit her blonde
beauty.
• • •
And oh my, but won't Burlingame
While on the subject of the Hamilton
bridesmaids it takes me back to the Ham
ilton household, and I want to ask you.
Did you notice that old set of horsehair in
the Hamilton dining-room on the wedding
I'm afraid the Riding Club is going to
smash. There is going to be the miscnief
to pay about that issuing of surplus stock.
I understand that there is to be a meet
ing called in about len days, when the
opposing factions are going for each
other. In the meantime Captain Dilhan.
whom his supporters declare can teach
more by sitting up on the platform tnan
another teacher can by striding the horse,
has opened a school' out near the park.
Dilhan was the first to start the Riding
Club, and now it is more than likely that
those who so strenuously opposed his dis
missal at the Pacific-avenue class will
form themselves into a board of directors
for the new park school. There is one
thing in favor of Dilhan's new class. Ir
is following in the footsteps* of fashionable
New York by having its riding school u
close proximity to the city's pleasure
ground.
• •. • '.-
The bunch of prettty girls who "stood
up" with Claire Hamilton the day she
took the name of Martin have gone and had
their pictures taken in one splendid, daz
zling group. They all "took" beautifully,
but I understand that Addle Murphy Is
the "cutest" one of all.
The special train arrangement for the
guests has been recalling the Crocker felo
champetre of some years back. Colonet
Crocker supplied the special trains for the
guests and left instructions for the train
men that the car was not to pull out untl
he gave orders to that effect. The guests
Rot to the car. wearied out with the joys
of the fete, and waited for the train to
steam homeward. But the car did not
budge. Investigation followed and the re
sult was some of the gentlemen had to
tramp to the Crocker place, rouse tha
colonel (who had forgotten about his in
structions to the train men) and get from
him the order that allowed the car to oear
them cityward.
be in an awful state on the night of the
baH. The Carolans have a special train
that will carry their guests to and from
the city. But the greater part of them
have decided either to accept the hospi
tality of Burlingame friends or put up
for the night at the clubhouse. I'm quite
sure that not one girl Is going to disobey
orders and appear In conventional bail
dress; and further I know that the men
will do as they have been asked— "weai
'pink' coats, all of those who have them."
So you can judge for yourself what a bril
liant scene it will be.
She is to be gone six months, maybe
longer, and will visit every place of inter
est on the Continent.
"Hardest work I ever did in my life."
said Florence as I kissed her at the train
on Saturday morning.
That afternoon there was a great hur
rying and scurrying in the Greenebaum
apartments at the Richelieu. Mother anil
sister lent their assistance and by Friday
at 3 the trunks were packed. Then camu
the hardest task of all— the calling up of
intimate friends by telephone and tha
wishing them good-by.
"Florence," said he. "it would make you
happy to go abroad, eh? And you could
get ready to leave on Saturday?"
"I could get ready to leave in five min
utes," said the dutiful Florence.
With Just a forty-eight-hour notice Flor
ence Greenebaum packed her trunks and
rushed off on Saturday morning as the
special guest of Mrs. McFarland for a six
months' European tour. A week ago Mrs.
McFarland decided that London and Paris
would not be worth seeing unless Florence
were along, but for four days Papa
Greenebaum could not be mad© to tak<>
the McFarland view of things. Florence
begged and coaxed and entreated, but it
all seemed to .be of no avail until Thurs
day at noon. It was at luncheon that
papa's keen, loving eyes suddenly noticed
that his daughter's orbs 'were circled anrl
her pretty cheek was pale and drawn.
And somehow or other I am inclined
to take the maid's view of things.
• • •
"It is true," said the maid. "Not that
she has told me anything— but I am in th>g
house, you know, aad I see what I see." *
"Only this." said I. "If it Is really true,
as I hear reported, that she Is engaged to
Frank Griffin tell her I congratulate her."
"Any message you would like to leave?"
asked the obliging: girl.
On Saturday evening I called Llllie up
by 'phone to offer congratulations. Sho
had gone to San Rafael, the maid said, to
stay over till Monday.
Is Llllle Follis really engaged to Frank
Griffin? That is what one hundred and
one girls have been asking me during 1 the
last few days. The newspapers have an
nounced It. her family all have positively
denied it. yet in spite of the fact that the
family should know I am inclined to be
lieve it.
day? Oh, how I want that set! Dear oM
mahogany, quaint as quaint can be. with
spindle legs and dear carved backsu I con
sider the possession of such a set of an
tique furniture worth a roomful of ances
tral portraits.
Ml"feS HELEN' HOPKINS. WHO IS TO BE MARRIED ON "WEDNESDAY. SEPTEMBER 28, TO ATTG1JSTUS TAYLOR.
IT IS TO BE A NOON "WEDDING AND "WILL. BE CELEBRATED AT THE MAGNIFICENT HOME OF THE
BRIDE'S PARENTS AT MENLO PARK.
These points about cover the commercial situation
here and in the East. It will be seen that there is not
mricfc feature to trade. We must expect quiet times
until after the election.
Locally there is little new in the commercial situa
tion. Downtown merchants, especially those engaged
in the export business, report a good movement in
merchandise. Farm and orchard products are mov
ifif: eastward freely and prices for canned and dried
inrte nre maintained without difficulty. In fact, the
canners have withdrawn quotations for many descrip
tions of canned fruits, owing to depletion of stocks.
Grape-jrrowers are rejoicing in large prices for grapes.
The hop-growers are holding their crops for better
prices and have already forced the market up several
cents from the bids of a few weeks ago. Prices for
sheep and hogs have receded slightly, owing to in
creased receipts, but beef has not changed for some
little lime.
Unfavorable weather in the Northwest started that
section to buying wheat and in consequence there was
some improvement in prices during the week. Toward
the close, however, the weather cleared and a re
action followed. Other cereals were generally firm.
.'¦gainst 13.440.000 pounds for the same week last
year. There has. been no decline, however, as holders
seem confident of the future, but no large lines can
lie moved, except at concessions. Iron and steel con
v.v.v.c unsettled, being firm at some points and weak at
others. Lumber rules firm, with an advance in
spruce.
The general trade of the country at large continues
good. The fall distribution of dry goods, millinery,
clothing and hats is reported brisk and there is more
activity in boots and shoes. Groceries and pro
visions, too. have been firm of late, showing that the
nation still has plenty of money to put on its back
and into its stomach. Cotton has been less active,
;<s the sharp advance of a week ago has checked
the consumption, and sales of wool for the week were
only 2.187.000 pounds at the three principal markets,
BUSINESS QUIET AND FEATURELESS
l_\ a election day draws nearer business snows
/ \ more signs of slackening up. The great anthra
• *¦ cite coal strike, too, adds its quieting inlluence.
Uut on this coast we feel no effects of the strike, but
along the Atlantic seaboard, where the coal mines and
railroads are practically one, and both are largely
represented in Wall street, the strike is beginning to
affect some lines of trade, with a possibility of affect
ing others if it be prolonged. To the election and the
strike is ascribed the further decrease in bank clear
ing? last week, the percentage of loss, as compared
ivith the corresponding week last year, being 27.7 per
cem. The largest four cities showed a loss, that of
New York beine 38.6 and that of Boston 30.4 per cent.
As soon as the dead are buried, the streets cleared,
the homeless provided with shelter, the work of re
building Galveston will begin with all, the vim that
characterizes the people..' In a few years
the memory of the storm will fade away, but the im
petus it has given toward solidity of construction will
remain with the people, and in the end Galveston will
derive from the storm a profit that will be of benefit
to all future generations of her citizens.
It is inevitable that it should be so. Galveston wa;
not built into a great seaport by reason of caprice,
but because it possessed natural advantages over any
other harbor along that part of the G^ilf. The very
causes that induced railways and steamship lines to
center there in the first place will induce them to re
turn. Such a storm as that which has destroyed the
city is not likely to occur again, but ii it should it
will find a city better prepared to withstand its fury.
The officials of other railroads and of steamship
companies fiave made similar statements. All will re
place their warehouses, wharves and other property
by structures far stronger and more ample than those
that were destroyed.
Chief Engineer Hood of the Southern Pacific
Company is reported to have said when questioned on
the -subject: "The officers of the company in New
York were not slow in determining the company's
future policy in respect to Galveston. In the face of
the big disaster, which accomplished so much damage
to. railroad properties, they have decided that Gal
veston shall be all that President C. P. Huntington
intended it should be as a terminal point for
the handling of Atlantic seaboard freight, and
the extensive improvements that had been projected
and were under way when the awful disaster came
along nili be carried out according to the original
plans es fast as our crippled facilities will permit. The
construction of the demolished piers will be started
and pushed forward to completion as rapidly as pos
sible."
WHETHER Galveston is to be rebuilt or not is
a question that has been already settled. In
deed after the first day of speculation upon the
horror of the ruin wrought by the storm it has
hardly been a matter of doubt. It will be rebuilt, and
in the process of rebuilding will be improved to an ex
tent that would not have been attained for years had
not the hurricane cleared the ground and made way
for it.
THE FUTURE OF GALVESTON.
The issues of the campaign are important. Not
since the Civil War have there been political questions
of greater moment submitted to the suffrages of the
American people. No citizen should willingly sur
render his right to vote at an election whose result
will so materially affect private welfare and national
prosperity. ,
Bear in mind that all registrations prior to January
1, .1900, have been canceled. No man can vote who
has not registered this year. Registration closes
Wednesday. Your last chance is at hand. Profit by
it now or you lose it, and along with it one of the
highest privileges of your American citizenship.
There will be a rush during the closing days, but
it is better to join the rush than to lose a freeman's
right to vote. Moreover by going to the registration
office early it may be possible to avoid the long wait
that will be required of those who delay.
LAST CHANCE FOR REGISTRATION
p" NEGISTRATION closes 'September 26. Every
I — / citizen who has not been registered since Jan
uary 1 must register now or he will forfeit his
rieht to vote.
MONDAY SEPTEMBER 24, 1900
JJhN D. SPRECKiL^. Pr prietor.
Address A! Communications to W. S LEAKE. Manager.
M %M *GKR*S OFFICE . . .Telephone Pre«»^Oi
PI HI.fcATIOX ' OFFICE. . .'Market and Third, S. F.
Telephone lire** "01.
i:niTOHIAI, ROOMS 217 to S21 S»even»on St.
Telephone I'rc»« '—li'Z.
Delivered lijr rurrltTN, 15 Cent* Per \\**ek.
J>lnsrle «'fi|tir*. 5 <'eiit«.
Term* l<> Mull, I :n-l n<! I tiji I'oNtncre:
I"\II/r CAI.I. ilnrlu.iiriK Sunday), one year $fi.00
IAILV OALI, Uncluding Funday). 6 months 3.00
I'All.V CALL (including Sunday). 3 months l.W
WILY CAUL,— By Single Month 6.V*
M N1>AY CAU,. On- Year 1.50
V.TEKLY <"AIJ^ One Year 1.00
All po*«mai>terK nre nnthorlced !<> receive
MUbftcriptlonn.
(%iir.p!e rnpiej! will be forwarded when requited. ',
Mall FuV-ooriberF in ordering chance of ad.irrys should h>
I articular to give fcoth NEW AND OLP AlinP.KSS- In order
tn insure a prompt und correct compliance with their request
OAKUM) OFFICE HIS Broadway
GEORGE C. KBOGXESS,
Manager f" re 'n Advert si iir. Marquet'e bu id rg. Chicago.
tlyjr.p Distance Telephone •'Central 2619.")
KKW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C C CARI/TOX Herald Sfltinre
N*EVT TOTtK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHBS II. SMITH :t(l Tribune DaUdlnc
KEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
¦WsldTf-Aftoria Hotel; A. Brentano, 21 Tnion Square:
Murray Hill Hotel.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Ph«-rman House; r\ O. News Co.; Great Northern Hotel;
Ftearont House; Auditorium Hotel.
WASUUfCTOS (D. C> OFFICE 14O0 G St., X. \V.
HOIITOS K. fUA>E. Correspondent.
HHWCIl OFFICES — EZ7 Montgomery, corner of Clay, open
until S:30 o'clock. 300 Hayes, open until 9:30 o'clock. 633
McAllister, open until S:30 o'clock. 615 I^arkln. open until
S:30 r.viock. 1941 Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 2261 Market.
corner Sixteenth, open until 3 o'clock. 1C&6 Valencia, open
ur til S< r,"c'.ock. 10C Eleventh, open until 9 o'clock. N\V. oor-.
ner Tv.enty-fecnnd and Kentucky, open until 9 o'clock.
BY SALLY SHARP.
DEBUTANTES: QUARTET OF PRETTY
AND BEWITCHING BUDS
QUARTET OF PRETTY
AND BEWITCHING BUDS
The people of the Eastern and the Southern States
understand that fact and return the same men to Con
gress year after year. The consequence is that some
of the smaller of these States have a prestige at Wash
ington altogether out of proportion totheir wealth and
population. California in the past has been neglectful
of that political wisdom. We have changed our Con
gressmen so often that hardly any one of them has
had a chance to show the full measure of his capacity.
The people of the Fifth District some years ago
ceased to make a change at every Congressional elec
tion and in consequence they have now a Representa
tive who holds the important position of chairman of
the Committee on Postoffices and Postroads. The
people of the Seventh will do well to profit by the
example. The re-election of Mr. Needham ought to
be assured by the vote of every Republican, of every
independent and of every sound-money Democrat in
his district.
In addition to that advantage, the older
members of the House have others even more
important. Like all organized bodies having a long
and illustrious history, the House of Representatives,
despite its Republican character, is governed by a
species of etiquette and precedence of its own. In the
formation of committees a new man has no chance of
getting a chairmanship, no matter how brilliant he
may be. Every aspirant for leadership in the House
must serve an apprenticeship in a somewhat subor
dinate capacity. If he proves to be a man of marked
ability he is promoted rapid]}', but he never gets
promotion until he has been tried.
It will be perceived from that record that Mr. Need
ham has been unusually successful for a new mem
ber. No man during his first term at Washington
can do much more than show his zeal on behalf of
his constituents. The House of Representatives is
dominated by men who have been in office for years.
These men are bound to one another not only by the
ties of long friendship, but by the obligations of many
mutual services, and as a consequence they naturally
assist one another where such assistance is needed.
1 hey do not constitute a clique in the common ac
ceptation of the word, nor have they any antagonism
to new men; but the amount of money to be appro
priated in any one year is limited, and where a conflict
occurs between the claims of one of the older mem
bers and a near member they vote, as a matter of
course, with the man whom they have kndwn longest
and to whom they are indebted for past favors.
Among the measures of importance to his con
stituents and to all California which he supported
and whose enactment was largely due to his efforts
are: The grant of an appropriation for the enlarge
ment of the quarantine station at San Diego; an ap
propriation for the Indian School, whose maintenance
is of considerable value not only to the Indians, but
to the people of Riverside, who derive a considerable
business from it; the increase of the appropriation for
irrigation surveys from $50,000 to $ico,ooo; an ap
propriation of $125,000 for improving the access to the
Grant and the Sequoia National parks; an appropria
tion for a survey of the San Joatjuin River; a bill to
establish a Federal Court at Fresno, and the estab
lishment of upward of twenty rural mail routes in his
district.
In all the great party struggles in the House during
the last session Mr: Needham was an able and. stal
wart upholder of the policies of the Republican party
The administration had no firmer supporter and the
Republicanism of California no. advocate ' more
faithful. His energies, however, were not confined to
the contests over party issues. Being thoroughly
alive to the requirements of his constituents and the
interests of California, Mr. Needham achieved a large
amount of work beneficial to his district and to the
State.
AMONG the Congressional districts in this State
where the people have the choice of re-electing
a Republican who has been tried in office, or of
electing a new man representing Bryanism, is the
Seventh. In that district the Republicans have re
nominated the Hon. James C. Needham, and in mak
ing the contest require no other campaign document
than the record of his official service.
THE CONTEST IN THE SEVENTH.
all should support him. The northern and eastern
wings of his party declare free coinage to be a dead
issue, the southern wing of his party declares anti
imperialism to be a humbug, while the magnates of
the ice trust and the express trust wink at one an
other and smile when he denounces 4 trusts. On what
ground ,has he a right to ask for votes?
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 24, 1900.
The incorrigible female thief, who was arrested the
other day and who^has a record of three terms in San
Quentin. must have a sort of personal pride in the
resort of Marin County. •
Sir William Harcourt says that England is now the
best hated nationon earth. It was generally supposed
that the adjective "worst" was inadequate to express
the situation. •
Chief of Police Sullivan appears to have overlooked
one important regulation in his rules of servility for
the department. He should have instituted a weekly
service of praise for his Honor the Mayor.
4
My S. Watkins— Tuesday. S<rftember 21. Hordes, at Market
etreti. b»twwn Twelfth and Thlrter-nih. Alsn, Tuesday. Sep-
cml'T. ?:.. at 11 'I'cifx-k. Horses, at 1C21 Market street.
By Sullivan & Doyle— Wednesday. F^ptember 26, at 11 a. m.,
ll'Vf--s a.v.& Harness', at 217 Sixth street.
AUCTION SALES.
AMUSEMENTS.
Alhambra— "Kelly"* Kids."
< •:: h«>um — Vaudeville.
Crar«d Qpera-hous* — "Blue jMns."
Alcatar— "H:s Japanese Wife."
Tivoll— "Tar.r.hauser."
Columbia— "The llaclftratc."
Calif orn:a — Grand Opera. Wednesday night. September 26.
Olyn-.pia. corner Mason and Eddy streets— Specialties.
Chutes, Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
evpnlrs.
Fischer's— Vaudeville.
K:npl!n(c Bros." Circus. Sixteenth and Folsom streets.
Sherman-Clay Hall— Song Recital, Saturday evening, Sep-
tenber 2*.
Putrn Baths— Open nlchts.
Oakljind Track— Races.
Tsr.furan Park— The Oreat Fair. September 24 to October 6.THE POLJOE COMMISSIONERS BELIEVE THAT 'iHEIR PHOTO
GRAPHS OUGHT TO ADORN THE HALL. OF JUSTICE. SUPERVIS
ORS THINK THAT A SENSE OF PROPRIETY- FORBIDS.
California-Street Station Will Soon
Be Abolished and Department
Headquarters Changed-
The police will occupy tho new Hall of
Justice next Sunday. On that day tho Cal
ifornia-street station will b» abolished and
a branch prison made of the on© now at
the City Hall. The pollc* districts will
remain almost unchanged. .
Chief Sullivan has inspected the pew
quarters and fitted them up to meet the
•needs and comforta of the policemen. The
offices and assembly rooms are in the
basement and the prison is on tho top
floor. The patrol wagons will drive. Into a
court in the rear and I the prisoners will
be taken up on a special elevator run by
a policeman.
POUCE VTOUL OCCTJPT
UTEW HALL THIS WEEK
. Trapper's Oil cures rheumatism and neuralgia.
DrujxUti, Wo flask. Richards & Co., 106 Clay..
An address by J. P. Bachelder, a song,
"Old Flag Forever," by Leila France, and
the song, "America," completed the Tiro
gramme. The Veteran Reserves of Oak
land swung into line again and fired the
salute. Their gray haired bugler stepped
forward and the silvery notes of taps
reverberated out over the little valley to
the south. The services were thus con
cluded.
The life of Garfield shows that courage and
honesty of purpose, ¦ well planned and executed,
are rewarded by Huccess. This land of ours
ehall be famed beyond the greatest expecta
tions of those yet unborn, but never in the his
tory of time will this nation grow so grand and
large that it will forget the history of tho
poor boy of the towpath, who in every walk
of life, from the humblest to the grandest,
stands as the purest and the highest example
of American manhood— worthy of emulation by
the youth of our land.
In every station of life we find Garfleld grand
—as a teacher. Congressman and soldier; un
trained to war in Its hardships he did not
hesitate to accept the rail when the nation
was In danger of being disrupted. He -was a
good, brave and careful soldier and acted with
promptness and decision.
The troops, the Grand Army of the Re
public representatives and civic societies
formed near the Btaad at tha monument
AGAIN a salute has been fired and
taps sounded out by the monu
ment in Golden Gate Paik that
was raised Jn honor of the mem
ory of the martyred President.
James A. Garfield. Ae:ain a 'gracious and
patriotic people have spoken of his \"ir
tues to a listening world and have made
it known that the thoughts of the re
public are ever with those wlio rest in the
tombs of the wise and valorous. The
memorial sen-ices in memory of President
Garn^M that were held yesterday by the
Garfield League were, as usual, lmpres-
Five. Shortly after noon the line of
march was formed on Sixth avenue. At
£ o'clock the line swung from the main
crlve, three companies of tho Eighteenth
and two companies of colored boys of the
Twenty-fourth leading:. •
Men oft^?- possess one, two and Bometlmes a
trinity of virtues, but seldom do we encountpr
bo complete a man as was our Immortal Presi
dent Garfleld. On these occasions the Growing
youth of our country irather to learn ¦ of the
manhood and valor of those who are held up to
them, as the great examples to follow^ There
fore, this gathering has a two-fold purpose, t»
honor the dead and Instruct the living.
and the services opened. "Solitude," a cap
rice, was rendered by tne Hebrew Orphan
Asylum band, and E. M. Galvin, president
of the Garfield League, made the opening
remarks. Mr. Galvin was followed by
William H. Jordan, president of the day,
who delivered an address on the life arid
death of President Gatlleld. Captain Jack
Crawford, the poet scout, paid a feeling
tribute to the memory of the martyred
President. He was followed by Colonel
Henry I. Kowalsky, who delivered the
eulogy. In part Colonel Kowalsky said:
Fellow Countrymen: Heroic In American his
tory stands the flgwe of the immortal GarOeld.
over whose bier a nation weeps as It recalls
the untimely taking oft of one of the truest
eons of the soil— humble boy, brave soldier,
true statesman, tender eon. loving husband.
Indulgent father.
Saturday night directing the quartermas
ter to organize and equip as soon as pos
sible three wagon trains for service in
the Philippines. Three hundred mules
will be needed to form them. A number
of wheelwrights, blacksmiths and team
sters will be employed* and sent to the isl
ands, with the trains. The outfit will be
shipped - on the Lelanaw> and Cone
maugh. :¦""•
The doctors at the General Hospital
•were busy yesterday assigning- the 364 pa
tients who arrived on the Grant to tho
various wards. : A few of the soldiers are
very, low, but . ar majority were able to
travel and care for themselves. ¦ None of
the men are from China. ;¦
MOBE HORSES AND MXTLES
FOBvTHJE PHTLTPPINES
Quartermaster's Department at tho
Presidio Organizing 1 Tnree Ad- .
ditional Wagon Trains.
Orders were received at the Presidio
HBIXG SALTJTB AT THE EXERCISES IN MEHOHT OF JAMES A. OARPIELD, THE MARTYR PRESIDENT.
I^ARGE CROWD GATHERS BENEATH MONUMENT ERECTED IN HIS MEMORT IN GOLDEN GATE PARK
AND LISTENS TO SPEECH IN EULOGY OP THE FAMOUS STATESMAN AND SOLDIER
From early morning till late yesterday
afternoon members of the Carpenters'
Union donated their services in behalf of
the good work of erecting a new planing
mill for Searle &Hayman to replace the
one burned to the ground about two
weeks ago. About fifty carpenters work
ed on the building and they did not stop
a moment, but kept right at It. Some of
the men were busy packing in lumber,
others erected the uprights and as soon
as that was completed still others finish
ed tho walls.
The mill is located at Fourteenth and
Harrison streets, and from the appear
ance of the work done by. the men y ester-'
dey there need be little more done to
complete the building. Some of those who
worked on the structure were T. Tobln,
W. G. Segrave, TV. C. Farnsworth. F. M.
Anderson, Frank Hayman, Charles
Springfield, A. Tompkins and J. Dunni
van.
Members of the Carpenters' Union
Donate. Their Services in a
Good Cause.
WILLING HANDS HELP
ERECT PLANING MILL
League That Bears His Name Holds Impressive Cere
monies Beneath Monument in Golden. Gate Park.
GARFIELD'S MEMORY HONORED
BY CIVILIANS AND SOLDIERS
H?» awarded the Anheuser-Bus-ch Brwwir.*
Asg'n absolute ar.d exclusive use of the name
BTDTTEiSER, and all other brewera ¦who have
Bm4 that name have been defeated and com
pelled to drcp It. E. G. Lyons O».. Baa Fran
cisco, Wholesale Dealer.
The "United States Court
The gamblers expect much from the
Chinese who are about to return from
Alaska and the country and elaborate
preparations have been made to receive
them and their money at tho fantan
tables. Every available building in Ross
alley, as well as in other localities, has
been rented and transformed into earning
quarters. Money has been lavishly ex
pended on lights and fresh paint and the
colony has donned an air cf prosperity.
The Chinese intend to defy the police,
notwithstanding tho activity with which
Sergeant McManus and his squad are
working. They havo worked out new
schemes to elude the officers and believe
that they are safe In their venture. Some
of the lottery companies Issue a simple
name on a piece of Dlank paper instead of
tickets to avoid a conviction In the courts
and an instance occurred Friday night in
which Officer Reagan was obliged to
choke a Chinaman to make him "cough
up" a lottery ticket that he was trying to
swallow.
A carnival of grambllng, to be conducted
on an extensive plan, has been arranged
by the Chinese gambling house keepers
for the winter season. At the present
time nearly a dozen new clubs are being
fitted up at much expense and others havo
been recently opened. The police were
prepared to take vigorous steps to sup
press the Chinese sporting element and
early yesterday morning under the direc
tions of Chief of Poltce Sullivan and Cap
tain Wittmari a squad of officers, headed
by Sergeant Chrlstlanson, surprised the
Mongolians, chopped the doors of most
of tho dens open and prevented them from
operating.
Police Raid a Number of
Clubs Equipped for
Winter Work.
PREPARATIONS
FOR GAMBLING
IN CHINATOWN
DIES FEOM ' EFFECTS OF
AN ACCIDENTAL WOUND
Frank Cullen, a Clerk in the Wells,
Fargo & Co. Bank, Passes
Away.
Frank Cullen, a well-known employe of
the "Wells, Fargo & Co. Bank, died
yesterday in the Lane Hospital from the
effects of a wound received nearly three
months ago in a runaway accident.
The young man and a party of friends
were camping in the Yosemlte Valley in
June last, when Cullen was thrown from
a wagon drawn by a team of runaway
horses and had one leg badly crushed.
He was brought to this city, where the
best medical skill was called in to save
his life. The wound, however, refused to
heal, but grew steadily worse, finally
causing his death.
(emss^HIj Police Commlslon Is likely to
IT play a etar engagement to-day
jj before the Board of Supervisor's.
• i The sternly Eedate gentlemen
who guide the moral destinies of
the city are to go on the carpet
and explain another wonder of their ad
ministration. Hidden away in tho maze
of items cf expense for furnishing the
Hall of Justice is one, modest enough in
amount, but startling in principle. It is
the cost for supplying the photographs of
the Police Commission for the Hall of
Justice.
Tho scrutinising eyes of Supervisors,
keen to detect extravagance, saw thl3
charge against the city and a fieterrhineu
effort will be made to throw it out. The
Supervisors do not wish a mlsunderstand-
. By placing these pictures as suggested,
thetgallery of the Police Department will
win enduring fame, and It Is not beyond
the range of probability that the little
army of the "finest." Individually and col
lectively, can take their hats off as they
pass before the benign counterfeits of
their superiors. But the Supervisors ar
gu3 that it is unjust to make them pay
But the Supervisors insist that there Is
a place for everything, even the pictures
of tha beautifuf Police Commissioners,
*.nd In this case the place for these
pictures Is the gallery of the Po
lice Commission. It would be diffi
cult to suggest a more appropriate
setting for theso works of art. In this
gallery, the Supervisors Insist, the photo
graphs will receive an individuality es
sentially their own, and what will be lost
to the Hall of Justice as a whole will
be gained by the department over which
the present Commissioners shed their
sweetness and light.
ing in reference to the affair. They are
perfectly willing to admit that the distin
guished members of the Police Commis
sion are notoriously and aggressively
handsome, and there is not the slightest
doubt that their pictures would aflorn a
beauty show, much less the Hall of Jus
tice.
for all of these worthy adornments. The
cost, they say, should be borne by the
Police Department fund and entered In
ths category of municipal luxuries, for
it Is deemed a luxury to have constantly
before one's eyes tha classic beauty of
the Police Commission. It has been sug
gested also that a composite photograph
of the commission might be made In the
Interest of science, as well as of art.
¦While the SujArvisors wish to encourage
the esthetic ii!Sis of the Police Commis
sion, the City Fathers emphatically de
cline to pay the bills. Supervisor Hotal
ing, whose economic eye has discovered
the Item of expense, felt that he was
treading on delicate ground yesterday
when ho, discussed the matter. He wanted
it to be distinctly understood that he con
siders the faces of the Police Commission
things of beauty and a joy forever, but
he ventured the opinion that their pic
tured glories belong in the police gallery
at the expense of the Police Department.
He will, therefore, insist that the item
of cost for these photographs be cut out
of the bill for furnishing the Hall of Jus
tice. It Is sincerely to be hoped that
the Police Commissioners will not get on
their dignity and deprive that part of the
public which has access to the police gal
lery of a vision of these prospective beau
ties.
In the Thirty-first District John J. Hou
rigan is a candidate for the nomination as
Assemblyman, and his friends eay he will
¦prjn. Henry Burns of the Tax Collector's
office Is also a candidate in the Thirty
f-rst.
The delegates of th^ Thirtieth Assembly
I jtstrict held a caucus last evening and a
warm contest for the nomination devel
oped. The leading candidates are M. J.
McBrlde aJid Alexander Llndsey, with the
odds Jn favor of McBride.
John McCarthy will be nominated for
the Assembly by the Forty-second District
delegates this evening before the meeting
of the convention.
The contest in the Twenty-first Sena
<<-r!al District, where E. I. Wolfe Is seek
iSff renominatlon. Is attracting 1 greneral in
tereet. The caucus of the dolepates will
v.nt be heid until 7 o'clock this evening:.
Welch is c>rk In Judge Muraeky's de
partment of the Superior Court. He Is
popular and is a young man of ability and
of sturdy and clean character. He will
have Thomas E. Curran pitted against
him in the race for the Senatorshlp.
The Thirty-fifth Assembly District dele
rates have r.omirated E. F. Treadwell for
the Assembly. In the Thirty-third Dis
trict there is a dearth of candidates. Wil
liam McNamara.. one of the delegates. Is
Fpokcn of for the nomination.
The rosi:lt was a surprise, as it had been
supposed that the flfifct was between Allen
nnd Maher. At a caucus of the Thlrty
f.fth Assembly District delegates Saturday
night Maher got ten votes and Allen three.
When It came to the Senatorial district
caucus three of Maher's delegates and one
ft Allen's voted for Welch. Maher got
four and one-half votes from the Thirty
third District. The split delegation in the
Thirty-third District complicated the con
test.
Richard J. Welch captured the nomina
tion for State Senator In the nineteenth
Senatorial District at the caucus held
yesterday afternoon at Masonic Hall,
Mission and Twenty-third streets. Welch
received IVA vote* to 10*+ for ex-Senator
Thomas Maher ar.d 2 for Merton C. Allen.
Tho Democratic convention will bo lit
tle more than a formal approval of Gavin
McNab's slate unless the unexpected hap
pens. DiBg-runlleJ ex-leaders on the one
hand and the great body of Democrats
that were excluded frcra tho primary on
the other eecm to be content to bide their
time. V
The new County Central Committee will
be named by Chairman Berserot after
conference with the chairmen of the dis
trict deleg-ations and with Martin Kelly.
Tfcero \rtii t>« Borae-thlng: flolne: to-night
in a political way. The Republican Coun
ty Convention will meet at B'nai B'rlth
Hall and the, Democratic Comity Conven
'Jon Trill meet a.t Odd Fellows* HalL The
¦wcrk of each convention Trtll bs nearly If
cot quite completed at to-night's Beeslon.
The Senatorial and Assembly District
nominations will have been made In time
for the Republican convention to be called
to order. Many of the delegations will
meet at 7 o'clock to ballot for their can
<!idates. The first business to come- be
fore the convention will be lae nomina
tion for a Superior Jufiye for the unex
plred terra. After that will com© the
nomination of four Superior Judges, then
of five Justices of the Peace and finally
the reports of the nominations of the
BenatorleJ end Assembly districts.
Eicliard J. Welch Breaks Slat© and
Secures Nomination for Sena
tor Prom nineteenth.
Much Caucusing in Prepa
ration for To-Night's
Conventions. \
BOTH PARTIES
READY TO NAME
MEN FOR OFFICE
The Board Asked to Pay for the Commissioners' Pictures as
Adornments Jor the Hall' of Justice.
SUPERVISORS DECLARE WAR
ON A POLICE BEAUTY SHOW
THE SAN FliANClSCO CALL, MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 24, 1900,
5
I ' AMUSEMENTS. ,
EXHIBITION GROUNDS,
Sixteenth and Folsom Streets.
This Afternoon at 2. To-Night at 8.
And Twice Dally Until September ML
RINGLING BROS.
The- Biggest Combined Menagerie. Hippodrome
and Arenlc Exhibition In tho World J
1000 People— 30O Performers.
S0O Horses— 23 Eleshanta.
20 Camels — 63 Railroad Cars.
10O» Feature Acts!
Glorious Introductory Military '; Spectacle.
GREAT THREE-RING CIRCUS.
All Kinds of Trained Animal Sensations!
Admission. EOc: Children under XI years. 25c.
Reserved Numbered Seats anfo Admissions
during the entire, engagement at flBrman. Clay
tc Co. 's Music Store, corner Kearfly and Sutter
sts. XJnllks other shows, prices at downtown
offlca ar« the same as charged at ticket wagon
show g rounds.
TANFORAN FAIR
OPENS MONDAY, SEPTEMBEB 24
CONTINUES TWO WEEKS.
NEfWAND INTERESTING FEATURES WILL
BE GIVEN EACH DAY.
Grandest Exhibit o£ Prize Stock Ever Shown la
California.
HARNESS RACING I
HORSE SHOW EXHIBIT
AND OTHER ATTRACTIONS.
8e» printed catalogue for eomplet* programme.
Trains leave Third and Townsend Streets
•very hour from 10:40 to 1:Z3 p. m.
HENRY J. CROCKER, President,
GEORGE A. NEWHALL, Secretary.
UNITED STATES BBA2TOH.
STATEMENT
-OS 1 THE—
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
—OF THS—
NORTH GERMAN
FIRE INSURANCE COMPANY
OP HAMBURG. GERMANY. ON THIS tXST
day of December, A. D. 1833, and for th»
year ending; on that day, as made to tn»
Insurance Commissioner of the Stats of Cal-
ifornia, pursuant to the provisions of Sections
810 and 611 of the Political Code, eondecawd
as per blank furnished by th« Commissioner.
ASSETS.
Loans on Bonds and Mortra«ea $71,600 00
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company 413,183 SO
Cash In Company's Office 6,«00 23
Cash In Banks 19,500 44
Interest due and accrued on all Stocks
and Loans 1,421 OS
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages 1,279 3j
Premiums In due-Course of Collection. 143.7S8 0»
Rents due and accrued. Certificate of
Deposit held by United States Trus-
tees (4.432 00
Due from other Companies for Rein-
surance on losses already paid 12,823 63
Total Assets $734.32* 31
, LIABILITIES. ~
Losses adjusted and unpaid $22,240 31
Losses In process of Adjustment or in
Suspense 25.S80 37
Losses resisted. Including expenses 6,0t0 Co
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or leas. Si>".;or, 33;
reinsurance 50 per cent .233,2:2 70
' Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
: ning more than one year, $271. SC3 65;
reinsurance pro rata 154.C1 43
Commissions and Brokerage duo and
to become due 34.178 27
Total Liabilities J475.963 6i
rXCOME.
Net cash actually received for Fire
premiums 4804.093 47
Received for interest on Bonds and
Mortgages 4,270 Oj
Received frr interest and dividend"!
on Bonds, stocks. Loans and from
all other sources 17,701 »«
Received from all other sources isi 8i
Total Income..; J626.252 M
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Firs Losses (In-
cluding 128,947 44. losses of previous
years) J3S2.C3 30
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 178,235 20
Paid for Salaries. Fees and ether
charges for officers, clerks, etc 18.233 al
Paid for State. National and Local
taxes 12,923 03
All other payments and expenditures.. 24.035 0i
Total Expenditures S584.054 <ii
Fire!
LOSSES Incurred durlns ths year.... $373,471 «•
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount cf Risks %
written durlns the
year *67,C74,579 J33M1S 73
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
year 56.323.424 K3,9C« 38
Net amount In force
December 31. 1S?9.. 57.S76.023 738.373 44
ADOLPH LOEB. United States Manager.
Subscribed and sworn to before me. this SOiS
day of January, 1900. MARK A. FOOTB.
- V_^_^_^^ Notary Pubila.
WALTER SPEYER.
General Agent for
tha Pacific Coast.
225 Sansome St., San Francisco.
PALACE HOTEL
It Is universally acknowledged that thes«
hotels possess the attributes that appeal
to particular people— undoubted luxury and
comfort, unsurpassed ralslno and aervtc*
and superior appointments and location.
Connected by a covered passageway and
operated under one management oa tb*
American and European plans.
GRAND HOTEL
1A/. T. HESS,
EOTARY FOJilO ASJ ATTOBMEr-AT-I.A'V.
Tenth Floor, Room 1015. Claus Spreckels Bids.
Telephone Brown 931.
Residence. 821 California St.. below Powell.
San Francisco.
Dr. Bennett's Electric Selt
Makes weak men and women strong and stronic
men and women stronger. Rooms S and 6, 47
Post St.. San Francisco Cal.
DR. GROSSMAN'S SPECIFIC MIXTURE
For tbe cure of 6OSORKKOEA. GL.KKT3.
STRICTURES and anaiagous complaint* ol in*
Organs of Generation.
I'rice Jl a botti*. For «al« by drurclsta.
I EEEI CALL
SI pep Year#
AMUSEMENTS.
THIS WEEK— LAST I NIGHTS.
r— MATINEE SATURDAY.
CLAY L . r.
CLEMENT STOCKWELL
And a Strong Company.
Revival of A. W. Plnero's Comedy,
THE MAGISTRATE.
NEXT WEEK
¦EDDIE FQY=
Presenting "A NIGHT IX TOWN."
vaudevilleTat its best
FIN AX. VVEJ3K. OF
JESSIE BARTLETT DAVIS.
WAYNB AND CALDWEUU KOLB
AND DILI* MR. AND MRS. JACK
BON. MBRRITT AND MURDOCK.—
MU8ICAI* JOHX3TONE8, McCABS-—
AND DANIEia, BIOQRAPH.
Referred Seats. 2So; Balcony. 10ej Opera
Chain and Box Seats, 60c.
Matinees. "Wednesday, Saturday mad ffrxnday.
*TfiVOLI*
ANOTHER ORBAT BILL. THIS WEEK.
TO-NIGHT, WEDNESDAY, FRIDAY, SAT-
URDAY NIQHT3.
TANNHAUSER.
Tuesday, Thursday, Sunday Evenings and
Saturday Matinee.
THE BARBEROF SEVILLE
POPULAR PRICES ..ko and Mo
Telephone Bush I.
ALB* ELLINGHOTJSE Prop, and Manager
It'e Wonderful How Business Keeps Up I
==="/» AW/fUL Ht-F »»
THIS WEEK OXLY— EVERY NIGHT.
MATINEE SATURDAY.
The Big Farce Comedy, New York World'e
Success,
KELLY'S KIDS.
SO-FUN MAKERS— 3O
All Brieht, Breezy and New.
REGULAR POPULAR PRICE3.
Evening 15o. 25o, 35c. 50o and 7So
Matinee I5c. 25c. Sac and 50e
Next Sunday Afternoon— The Horald Square
Theater Farce Comedy Success, Direct From
New York.
:"THAT m/lIV."..
The Azzali Italian Grand Opera Co.
Has been delayed by the Custom-house author-
ities at El Paso, Texas,* and will not be able
to arrive In San Francisco until Tuesday night.
They will positively open on
WEDNESDAY NIGHT. SEPT. 26,
WITH VERDI* S
"OTELLO."
Thursday night. "Carmen": Friday nlyht.
"AIDA": Saturday Matinee, "Traviata"; Sat-
urday night, "Otello"; Sunday night. "Alda."
Thos« holding seats for Sunday, Monday or
Tuesday nights can have their money refunded
or seats exchanged by applying at the box office
of California Theater.
GRAND OPERA HOUSE
MATINEE SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
THIS EVENING
Joseph Arthur's Famous Hoosler Drama,
BLUE JEANS,...
First Appearance of MINNIE DUPREE*.
EVENING PRICES— 10c, 15C.V 23c. SOc.
A Few Front Rows in Orchestra 75c.
MATINEE PRICES— lOc, 15c. 25c. 50c.
No Hlsber.
Branch Ticket Office— Emporium.
fLVH E AT R tf >A>
—
THIS AND
MONDAY entire
NIGHT WEEK.
PICTURESQUE
PRODUCTION.
His Japanese Wife,
By CLAY M. GREENE.
MATINEE SATURDAY" AND SUNDAY.
PRICES— 15c. 25c. S5o. 60c
NEXT "WE UNS OF TENNESSEE."
CHUTES and ZOO
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
WM. DeBOli
SMITH AND ELLIS
JOHNSTON AND HARVEY
AL HAZZARD
BABY RUTH
DICK WILDE
THE LION ACT
NEW MOVING PICTURES.
AQUATIC SPORTSJN THE LAKE.
AMATEUR NIGHT THURSDAY.
J Telephone for seats— Park 33. '
RACING! RACING!
I California Jockey C!ub Track,
OAKLAND.
GOLDEN GATE FAIR
ASSOCIATION,
DISTRICT No. 1.
ANNUAL FAIRI
Four or More Running Rac*s and
Two Harness Races Each Day.
GRAND STOCK PARADES.
OPENING DAY
V SATURDAY, September 22,
Continuing; Seven Days.
ADMISSION 5O CENTS.
RACING! RACING!
FTSCHER'S concert house.
rl r U Admission 10c.
Hanlon & Singer, De Gosco Brothers. Thos.
K. Shepard, Antonio- Vargas, Mae Tunlson.
Pearl Hlckman and New Moving Pictures.
Reserved Seats, 2oc; Matinee Sunday;
SUTRO BATHS.
— OPEN :. -, ¦ NIGHTS
Open Dally From 7 A. M. to 11 P. M.
j r. Bathing From 7 A. 1L to 10 P. M.
Admission, 10c; Children, Sc
Bathlnc. Including admission. 25c; Children, 20a..
ADVEB.TISiaTVP'aTTS.
TELEPHONE GRANT 33.
GOOD NEWS FROM PARIS.
The following letters, just received
by the "Puntas" manufacturers, are
self-explanatory:
"This commission take3 great
pleasure in informing you that your
exhibit of Ginger Ale at the Paris
Exposition of 1900 has been awarded
the silver medal by the International
Jury of Awards."
(Signed) V. W. GASKELL.
Secretary.
"I take pleasure in congratulating
you on the merit of your beverage.
It was the only Ginger Ale from
the United States that received an
award from the jury. You may use
that fact for all it is worth without
fear of contradiction. I had occa-
sion to sample the ale several times
and found it delicious."
(Signed) L. A. EMLAY,
Superintendent of California Ex-
' hibit and Member of Interna-
tional Jury.
SPECIAL REDUCTIONS
MONDAY-TUESDAY-WEDNESDAY
Hams, "Royal." Finest Eastern Ibl3c
Sugar cured. Regularly 16a
"Pur.tas" Ginger Ale — doz $1.20
Regularly II 35. Equal to the finest im-
ported. We allow 15c dozen for all Pu-
ritas empties.
"Puritas" Rco; Beer doz $1.10.
Reeularly Jl 20.
Oriental Coffee, reg 35c Ib, 2 lbs 55c
A high grade blend. Roasted and ground
fresh dally on our own premises.
Pineapple, Bahama, sliced can 20c
In heavy syrup. Regularly 23a.
Fly Papsr, "Tangie'oot" box 40c
Box of 50 sheets.
Gas Lighter and Box Tapers 25c
Regularly S5o.
Castile Soap, re? 30c bar 25c
Imported French.
Tomato Catsup, reg 20c bot 15c
"New Era," whloh means the best.
Salt Boxes, "Special Bargain" 25c
Recularly 60c.
Porcelain with delft decoration.
Buliach Insect Powder
Positive exterminator of files and every
kind of Insect.
Regularly V4-lb 8Sc H-lb SOc
Now %-lb 25c H-lb 35c
Farina, Hecksr's, reg I2ic pkg 10c
Wholesome and nutritious for Invalids
and Infants.
Gin, Holland, Imported bot 75c
Regularly 90o.
Malt Whiskey, * 'Acme, " res 85c, bot 75c
' A pure medicinal article.
Tahlo nilrlftth Best Quality marblelzed,
I6UIB UliUUllli black, blue or gold vein!
VA yards wide, regularly SOc 25c
1% yards wide, regularly 40c 30c
Our mail order department is a
special feature with us. Country-
orders filled with despatch and care.
Write for catalogue — FREE.
| Pure sterilized fat from ¦'-
I the Cocoanut for Cooking, i
I Never gets Rancid. 1
1 Crullers have the"01d- |
| Fashioned" taste when 1
I "Ko-Nut"
I is used to shorten and fry. I
3 ~ I
j Ask your Grocer or write I
S India Refining Co. I
| ' Philadelphia, Pa. |
MUNYON'S INHALER
f^% CATARRH
\ s^¥ Colds, Coughs,
" iyfi^^Sjjijy^va Hay Fever, Bron-
Asthma
'pp^ Ka^of the Throat anc
Clouds of Mrdlcated Vapor are Inhaled
through the month apd emitted from the nos-
trils, cloanslng and vaporizing all the Inflamed
and d'scaned parts which cr.rr.ot bo reached by
medicine taken Into the stomacb.
It rcach.es the sore epott — It heaU the rate
places — It rioes to the seat of disease — It acts cut
a balm anil tonic to tha whole system — fl.00 at
dnfff/yfrfj or sent bvmaiT. ISO* Arch St., Phila.
DR. MEYERS & CO.
iSffW/ .~ jgc»*> ' "Established
ffrSfc l88u Largest
\«L-f^\T' Institution..
<^y • M° st Extensive
l«pLd$pl§* Practice.
r^S6'W Consultation
Market St.,
'/rl>^ San Francisco. •
keJr FAVORITE
M FOiSWEAKWOIWEW.
tad way's
. Purely vegetable, ¦ mild and reliable. Came
perfect digestion, complete absorption and
healthful regularity.
* For the cure of all disorders of the Stomach.
Liver. - Bowels. Kidneys. Bladder, Female - Ir-
regularities. Sick Headache, Biliousness, i Con-
stipation, Piles and all derangements of the
Internal Vlicera. 25o a box. At Druj-fliU. or
h* mail, .,-,„• BADWAX 4 CO. New Jotk.WOMEN FAINT AND GO INTO HYSTERICS AT THE QUARANTINE STATION
At the Park anu Beach
Though large crowds gathered at the
park and beach early yesterday afternoon
the chilling wind soon sent many of them
BLUE HOCK CLUB'S LAST
SHOOT OF THE SEASON
San Rafael Marksmen and* Visitors
From the City Enjoy Some
Good Sport.
The San Rafael Bluerock Club closed
the season at its traps on the grounds at
Fairfax yesterday. Many visitors were
present from this city and took part in the
sport. Despite the high wind the shooting
was good. Several unique matches were
added to the regular work. The first that
attracted attention was one between Peter
Crane and J. S. Kaneen, ten shots, the
loser to walk back to San Rafael, a dis
tance of fiv'e miles. Kaneen won out by
one bird and Crane did the automobile act
TWO CLUB SHOOT
AT SCHUETZEN PARK
Good Scores Made hy the Contesting
Marksmen at the Monthly .
Event.
The regular monthly bullseye shoot at
Schuetzen's Park was held yesterday.
Only two clubs shot, but the attendance
was good.
The Verein Eintracht Schuetzen Club
shoot resulted as follgws:
1, R. Stettin: 2. Bf^Uemenschnelder; S. O.
Ludwig; 4, R. Spahr; B. O. Thelle; 6, J. Zahn;
7, L. Schmidt; 8, E. Jessen; 9. A. Stroh; 10,
L. Seheib; 11, \V. Rushser; 12, F. C. Hagerup;
13, C. von Hartwlg: 14. H. Sehroeder.
The shoot of the California Schuetzen
Club section resulted as follows:
T. J. Carrol first, with 77; A. Rahweyler. 183;
A Hampel, 443: H. Enge, 556; C. J. Walden,
575: J L.. UtBchts, 642; A. Junphlut. 643: R.
Stettin. 677; A. UtschiK, 891; C. Mayer, 943; O.
JJurmelster. 1041; J.- Jones, 1232; J. T. Peck,
1251; O. Bremer, 1347; A. Strecker, 1356; A.
Gehret, 1F09; J. C. Waller, 1621; J. Tammeyer,
1676 1 N Reubold. 1S75; H. Eckmann. 1S84; F.
A. Schmmpf. 1974; H. Sehroeder. 1804; L.. C.
Babin. 2227; C. H. SaRehorn, 2776; F. C. Ha
gerup, 2728; W. Ehrenpfort. 2729; John Horst
mann, 2723; Adam Drehm, 2730.
The retired list of the regular army in
cludes 674 offlers on half pay, averaging
about $3000 each.
That Yoti Get So Much of Up at
Tahoe.
The oldest Californian cheerfully bears
witness that he has never known such a
persistently perfect summer and autumn
season as In this blessed year of our Lord
1900.
And especially is this true of the moun
tain uistriets, where the temperature la
delightfully equable and the air so pur-j
and cri.^p that it fairly snaps.
It is this unusually inviting condition
that prompts the transportation com
panies interested to arrar.se for another
popular excursion to Lake Tahoe. the
tickets to be HO for the round trip and al
lowing throe days at the lake. Those who
can take full advantage of this chance
should go Friday evening. September iv
and return on the following Tuesday; but
the tickets will be good on Saturday even
ing also.
The glories of Tahoe and Its rugged en
vironment are simply matchless and this
very cheap rate puts them within evtry
body's reach.
INJTJRED SAN RAFAEL
MAN IS IDENTrFTED
Name Is J. M. Lowe and It Is Be
lieved He Was Struck by a
Runaway Horse.
Special DUpntch to The Call.
SAN RAFAEL. Sept. 23.— The old man
¦who was found lying unconscious last
night at the entrance to tbe Hotel Rafael
grounds, was identified at an early hour
this morning as J. M. Lowe. The identi
fication took place at Dr. II. O. Howitt'a.
where the injured man was being cared
for, and waa made by his aged wife. Mr.
Lowe is the father-in-law of Henry
Eickoff.' the well known San Francisco
attorney. He is 82 years of age and his
wife is the same age. They are occupy
ing the Eickoff home here for the winter
tt is not believed that Mr. Lowe is fatally
Injured. He rested easily to-day, but
sould not be removed 10 nls home.
The manner in which he met with tha
accident is still a mystery. Rumors of a
tvhite horse attached to a cart and muk
ng a wild dash down the street have been
heard, but no one can be found who saw
i runaway. The authorities made care
ful Inquiry to-day but could learn nothing.
rhe supposition is that a reckless driver
ran the aged man down and was too
cowardly to stop. Mr. Lowe so far has
tjeen u.nable to say how. he was injured.
?
Grand Portal Destroyed.
MARQUETTE. Mich.. Sept. 23.— Grand
Portal, the principal scenic attraction of
the famous pictured rocks on Lake Su
perior, has been destroyed by a northeast
jr. Grand Portal was 100 feet high by 170
feet broad on the water line. Its great
:ave has teen visited by numerous excur
sion boats, y '¦<-,.
DIVORCE PROCEEDINGS
AGAINST DR. WKIGHT
Wife of the San Jose Physician Al
leges Mental Cruelty and
Neglect.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, Sept. 23.— A divorce suit
that will cause a flutter in church and so
ciety circles was filed yesterday by Mrs.
Wright against her husband. Dr. H. J. B.
"Wright. The grounds are mental cruelty
and neclect. Both are prominent in this
city. Mrs. Wright was Mrs. North, a
widow, with several children, when she
married Dr. Wright a few years ago. He
also had a family of children. She had
considerable property and a fine summer
home rear Saratoga.
Dr. Wright also was well off financially.
It is charged that at the time of their
marriage .arrangements were entered Into
whereby each was to pay the expense of
his or her separate families, and the doc
tor construed this to mean he was not
obliged to contribute to his wife's sup
port. After marriage. It Is alleged, he
tightened his purse strings and refused
to allow her the necessary money to main
tain her position In society. She soon tired
of this and for nearly a year the rela
tions of the couple have been estranged.
Sealers Have Bad Luck.
VICTORIA. B. C. Sept. 23.— H. M. S.
Pheasant, which has arrived here from
Bering Sea. reports that the sealing fleet
has had a bad season. The weather has
been so stormy that only small catches
have been made. The Pheasant spoke five
schooners, of which the most successful
had but 200 skins at the end of August.
No seizures or accidents were reported.
The Beatrice, one of the schooners spo
ken. • had been at the Copper Islands
where it was stated that the Russians
were very busy seizing Japanese sealers.
FRANK KRAMER THE WINNER.^
Captures the Twenty-Five-Mile Pro
fessional. Bicycle Race.
NEW YORK, Sept. 23.— Frank Kramer
won the twenty-five-mile professional race
at the Vailsburg bicycle track to-day. The
race was a go-as-you-please affair and a
prize was awarded at every five miles.
Kramer won by a length. Floyd Krebs
was second. Collet third.
The first five miles was won by J. P.
Jacobson In 11:33 1-5: ten miles won by
Floyd Krebs in 23:42: fifteen miles was
won by Frank Kramer in 36:15 2-5; twenty
miles was won by Collet in 49:39 2-5. and
the twenty-five miles was won by Frank
Kramer in 1:03:21 2-5.
Many Watch Tennis Games.
The attendance at the California Tennis
Club's courts on Saturday and Sunday
was very large. Dr. Philip ami W. H.
Moreland played a tie, 6—4, 2—6; \V. Mc-
Gavin beat Dr. Lane, 6—0; Dr. Lane beat
Percy Kahn, 6 — 1; Percy Kahn beat
Kuehn, 6 — 3, 6 — 0; Keuhn beat Richard
Krsklne, 9 — 7, 2 — 6, 8 — 6: John O'Brien beat
McKenzie. 6—4, 7—5; Harry Haight beat
Werner Stuaf, 1—6. 6—1, ..6— 3; Stauf. beat
Duval Moore. 6—2, 4— £, S— 2: Grant Smith
beat W. B. Collier, 6 — 3: Merle Johnson
beat Moore. 6— 2r-\V. McGavln beat W: H.
Moreland, 6—0, 6—1,. 6— 2: Professor Dailey
beat Johnson. 6—3, 6—2: Colin Spangler beat
Mr. Dodge, 2—6, 6—2, 6—8; Drummond Mc-
Gavin beat Ray Cornell, 6 — 4. 6—3: Grant
Smith beat Mr. Powell of Victoria, 6 — 4,
6—4; W. McGavin beat J. D. Beuret, 6—4,
6— 4; W. H. Moreland and Percy Kahn
beat McKenzie and Dr. Lane,- 6— 3, 6—3;
Miss Emma Hunter and Miss Elliott of
the Alameda Club beat Miss Bessie Bow
man and Miss Eisen of the California
Club, 6—3, 6—4. In the "contlnous" M.
Johnson beat G. Smith in a hard-fought
five-set match. M. Johnson defeated W.
B Collier. 6 — t. 7—5. 7 — 9: Professor Dailey
and Worthington played a tie, 6—3: 6—4;
Al Rosenberg beat Dr. Lane, 6—4, 6—2, 6—4,
6—2; Keuhn beat R. Erskine, 6—4. 9—7:
Grant Smith downed XV. B. Collier Jr.,
6_3, e — 4. 6— 0. 6—0. 4—6: Walter McGavln
beat J. A. Code, 4—6, 6—2, 6—4; Kuehn beat
Delano, 6—2; 6—1, 6—2, 6—3: David Painter
beat'Merrlll, 6—1, 6—2. At Alameda Durm
mond McGavln beat Fred Brown four
straight sets.. . I
. . i . ¦ i
CliARENCTE HAIGHT WON
COLEMAN CLUB TROPHY
Exciting Shoot at Ingleside by Mem-
bers of the San Francisco
Gun Club
One of the most stubbornly contested
shooting contests that ever took place at
the Ingleside grounds was held yester
day in the Coleman cup event. The cup
was won by Clarence Haight, who de
feated M. O. Feudner by one bird. The
match was a twenty-five bird shoot, and
sixteen members of the San Francisco
Gun Club contested. Seven tied and then
shot off for ten birds. Haight and Feud
ner both killed seven birds in succession.
Then both missed the eighth, but Haight
won on the tenth. Clarence Nauman,
who was the favorite in the contest, grew
careless toward the end and missed birds
that he had no business in allowing to
get outside of. the boundary. Following
are the scores:
E L Schultz 12212120222221122212»w
M o' Feudner 2222222C22222222022222122— 24
j. ' J. Sweeney 21 21012212211222111212212— 24
Hovt 101211022*1 w
Golcher 221021222212'w
D< , r hy 1212211 211 11112222*112211— 24
Walsh 112112**Ulw
Justlns 222220L-222222222*w
Haight 12222*1222222221222222222—24
Bruns Mw
Donohoa 22121200w
Nauman 1222222222222220222222222—24
King 2220211 222122122220 w
Wands lOOOOHOw
P. Feudner U212222222222:*l*w
Williamson *1210w
Murdock 11100**w
Wilson 211211*121212111112121212— 24
Shields 1222221221211220*w
Lewis C'OOOw
G. W. Feudner 1011210w
Morse 21*1210w
Karney 11211222212121212*1121112— 24
Schultz 211221001UW
M. O. Feudner 1111211*2*-8
C. Haight 211222*222-9
Handball Matches.
At Phil Ryan's handball court yesterday
afternoon the following matches were played:
M. Klrby and C. Murray 21 21 21
J. McBrearty and J. Klrby 10 13 19
G. McDonald and P. McKinnon vs. M. McNeil
and L. Escolle.
W. F. Brown and Charles E. Llpp.. 21 21 ' 21
N. Polldori and J. Fitzpatrick 16 11 14
P. Basch and Martin Levy 21 11 21
M. Berwln and C. Basch 13 21 17
Tj Serres and J. Broyer 21 21 21
F. Smith and a. Green 19 15 14
J. Manning and T. Finn.... 21 21 17 15 21
J. McXamara and W. Cum
minga 18 13 21 21 20
W. Walsh and M. Basch 21 17 21 19 21
P. Ryan and E. McGinty.... 18 21 IS 21 19
T. Leach and T. Foley...... 21 21 15 13 21
J. Condon and G. Magulre.. IS 13 21 21 • 13
YACHTSMEN ENJOY
A CHOWDER CRTJISE
Many Sausalito and Tiburon Pleas
ure Boats Drop Anchor in
Paradise Cove.
Quite a little fleet of Corinthian yachts
accompanied the Commodore up to Para
dise Cove on Saturday night. Clam chow
der and other good things were enjoyed
by the yachlsmeri on the shore. Kongs
were sung, ttories told and an allrouml
pleasant time passed.
Yesterday a race took place between
the yawl Kittiwake, the sloop Doris and
the catboat Caprice, which was won easily
by the Kittiwake. Seventeen or e'ghteen.
boats flying the Corinthian burgee lay
at anchor in Paradise Cove during the
day. •
Kx-Commodore T. L. Hill's sloop Cygnus
cruised up to McNear's Landing on Sat
urday night, where ex-Commodore J. W.
Pew's sloop Truant lay at anchor. On
Sunday R. S. Bridgeman'H sloop Thetis
wi*h a party dropped hook at the same
place. Nearly all the San Francisco fleet
waa cruising- in the upper bay, among
the boats under way being the steam
iyacht El Primero, the flagship Ramona,
the schooners Lurline and Chlspa, the
yawls Tramontana (returning from a trip
to Port Costa) and Phyllis, the cutter Fol
ly and the sloops Thetis. Catherine, Sap
pho, Surprise, Rover and Siren. The Si
ren had on board a party of ladles from
Napa City, who are the guests of some
well-known yachtsmen of Sausalito.
The breeze out from Sausallto in the
morning was fresh and steady, but on the
return trip it fell light and fluky. On
the ebb tide, however, all the yachts made
their moorings in good time.
THAT GLORIOUS
MOUNTAIN AIR
Bells beat E. Geary's Ireland, 22-14; Aeneid
Kennels' Achilles beat Curtis & Son's Kibosh
1S-2; Curtis & Son's Warpath beat James
Byrnes' Battleship, 34-6: Aeneid Kennels" Fine
Fire beat Curtis & Son's Shadow, 8-6: F. Jones'
Wedgewood beat W. Creamer's Onward, C-0; It.
E. de B. Lopez's Whitehead beat P. J. Reilly's
The Grafter, 4-3: Curtis & Son's Psyche beat
J. P. Thrift's Tyrone Prince, 4-0; J. Sutton's
Mayflower beat J. Chamberlin's Julius Caesar,
5-0.
Third round— Sacramento Boy beat Forget,
7-4; Silver Wings beat War Eagle. 22-8; Sweet
ness a bye; Brutus beat Sara, 4-3; Twin City
Girl beat Motto. 4-0; May Hempstead a bye;
Noiah beat Rocker, 17-5; Mac's Melody beat
Rfgina R, 4-1; Wedding Bells a bye; Wedge
wood beat Achilles. 9-4; Whltehead beat Fine
Fire. 5-4; Mayflower beat Psyche, 7-0.
Fourth round— Sacramento Boy beat Silver
Wings, 9-5; Brutus beat Sweetness, 22-6; Twin
City Girl beat May Hempstead. 3-1; Mac's Mel
ody beat Norah. 12-1: Wedgewood beat 'Wed
ding Bells, 4-0; Mayflower beat Whitehead,
4-0.
Fifth round— Sacramento Boy a bye; Twin
City Girl beat Mac's Melody, 5-2; Mayflower
beat Wedcewood, 4-2.
Sixth round— Twin City Girl beat Sacramento
Boy, 5-2; Mayflower a bye.
Deciding course— Mayflower beat Twin City
Girl, 6-0.
The inaugural fair of the San Francisco
and San Mateo Agricultural Association
will begin a thirteen days' show UUa
afternoon. Tanforan has been trans
formed into a county fair grounds for Un
varied exhibits and the track baa b»-en
put into condition for both the harness
and running races.
The programme this afternoon includes
as the rpecial feature three harney? events
for members of the Oolden Gatv i'ark
Driving Association. The entries ;ire all
well known roadsters and the qwro
popular figures on the park driven
The events are as follows:
Speedway purse. J3C0. mile beats. 2 in 3— j.
Curley names Prince C. J. C Ohlanrlt ramps
Harvey B, Mrs. Van Kernan names Matt!* '.:.
D. Misner names Athavis, Charlea Ne-.vn-ar;
' Golden' Gate' purse. $310. mile heats. 3 In S-
J O'Kane names Sandow. I* Richardson nara^i
Loealeer. C. K. Parks names Imp, H. W. M :
l»r names La.iy Falrose. B. Croner namr -,
Butcher Boy. J. W. Hamerton names Alfred H
Tanforan purse, $'•'<*. m:Ie heats. 2 in 3— Dr.
T Leaner narr.es Blanche L. L. Richardson
names Tom Thumb. J. C. Kirkpatrick nanui
Lullaby. M. M. Donnolly names Babe D. W.
C. Hammerton names Nettie II, J. Hollar.1
names Freddie B. H. Schwartz names Morgan.
H. F. Patrick names Lady G.
Running Events at Oakland To-Day.
The Golden Gate Fair Association offer*
another very fair card of running events
to be decided at Oakland track this after
noon. Besides five purses for the run
ners, the harness horses will also be gi. ¦•:.
a chance.
The entries are as follows:
First race — To bo a harness race.
Second race— Flva furlongs, maidens, all
age*, felling:
1236 Urchin 112 12U Vtnliant 112
1244 Onyx 112 1250 Hiram Johnson.. Hi
1214 Formatua 112 12^0 Trevathan Hi
Amador 112
Third race— Five furloncs. for all ag»s, sell
ing:
1242 Almoner 110J113B The Scot 113
1137 Plrjr 113} 1162 Lady Helolse ...in
1242 Harrv Owynne.-lt-i !U^) St. Anthony 1M
1131 Candlelight II..116.12T4) Jack Mr-Cab* ...: I
1151 Midlove ll'tili^S Louis Hayir.an..lGS
.... Slater Lizzie 119t
Fourth rare — One and a sixteenth miles.
three-year-oMs and up. soiling:
1199 Spike S3 1231 Ptromo 9*1
1240 Sunello !*¦- ir.ii Mt-adow Lark... M
1213 Ceaaar Young... S6 1:31 Grady 99
Fifth race— Seven furlongs, three-year-old*
and up. selling:
1152 Brown rrince...lirr 1230 Casdale 107
1117 Zaero 3T 1230 Leti^pr 91
Gllberto 97 1IJ0 Pilot lul
Sixth race — One and a sixteenth mile*,
three-year-olds and ur>, selling:
1245 Alicia 101 1222 Cromwell til)
12^2 Snips 1'IT 1^2 El Mido 113
122C Lena 107
British Cricketers Axe Defeated on
the Alameda Grounds by a
Good Margin. .
In the cricket match at Alameda yes
terday Young America displayed excellent
form, both with bat and ball, and de
feated Old England by 36 runs. R. B.
Hogue, who captained the representatives
of the British Empire, won the toss and
put Young America in to bat. L. Schroe
der and B. Bird went to the wickets first
and 21 runs were recorded before the
former was caught by Jamieson off Casl
dy. F. Croll joined B. Bird and the
board showed 99 before the partnership
was broken. After that wickets fell some
what rapidly, the innings closing for lol
runs. Harold Ward captured five wick
eta and Casldy two.
With 132 runs to make to win. Old Eng
land went to the bat. but Hogue. Myers,
SSaundera and Coles made but little re
sistance to the bowling of Bird and Fort
mann, four wickets fulling for 19 runs.
Sloman played hard to save Old England
from defeat, scoring 34 before he was
bowled by a beautiful bailer from Croll.
Harold Ward 11 and H. C. Casidy 10 were
the only other Latsmen who scored double
Usures. tho Innings closing for 93 runs.
Fortmann and Croll took three wickets
each. Bird two and Seebeck one. The
youngsters played excellent cricket and
deserve th<? highest credit for their vic
tory. The scores:
YOUNG AMERICA.
L. Sehroeder. c. Jamieson, b. Casidy 14
11. liird, b. Ward Jr 41
F. Croll, c. Guilil. b. Sloman 67
V. Seebeck, b. Casidy : 0
F. Stahl. b. Ward Jr 0
W. (J Fortmann. st. Myers, b. Sloman 8
a Theobald, b. Ward Jr 0
A. Willis, b. Ward Jr. 0
J. Brown, c. Sloman, b. Ward Jr 1
W. Richter. not out 0
J. Bird, did not bat 0
ExtraB 0
Total
Runs at the fall of each wicket— One for 21.
two for 09, three for 1<H>, four for 105, five for
122 six for 130, seven for ISO, eight for 130. nine
for 131.
SUMMARY OF BOWLIXG.
Bowler— B. R. M. W.
IL Ward Jr 72 43 0 5
H. C. Casidy 54 2S 1 2
J. H. Saunders 24 12 0 0
R. B. Hogue 24 15 0 0
C. P. Coles 30 20 1 0
E. G. Sloman 42 13 1 3
OLD ENGLAND.
R. B. Hogue, c. Richter, b. Bird 9
J. Myers, b. Fortmann 0
J. H. Saunders. b. B. Bird 6
C. P. Coles, run out 4
E. O. Sloman. b. Croll 34
H. Ward Jr.. c. B. Bird, b. Fortmann 11
J. Guild, c. and b. Fortmann 6
H. C. Casidy, c. Richter, b. Seebeck 10
A. W. Wilding, b. Croll 8
D. Jamieson. c. Brown, b. Croll 2
W. Jamieson, not out 1
Extras 4
Total 95
Runs at the fall of each -wicket — One for 0.
two for 14, three for 19, four for 19, five for
35, six for E2. seven for 77, eight for SS, nine
for 90, ten for S3.
SUMMARY OF BOWLING.
Bowler— B. R. M. W.
B. Bird 72 * 24 2 2
AV. G. Fortmann 10? 42 4 3
F. G. Croll 60 IS 2 3
V. Seebeck 24 7 0 1
B. Bird bowled one wide and W. G. Fortmann
two wides.
Russell, Allen & "Wilson's Victor Boy
won the deciding course in the open i
stake at San Mateo Park yesterday, with
P. Jackson's Golden Russet as runner-up.
The winner was quoted a favorite in his j
courses except in tne last two rounds. In i
the. sixth against Pat Reiily"s Honesty
the talent forced Victor Boy on the short
end at 6 to 1, but miscalculated, for when
the h;*re escaped the black dog had a
point the better of his opponent. Then
with 2 to 1 against him in the deciding
course the Boy landed for his backers.
From the slips he took a slight lead on
Golden Russet and held it to the turn,
lie- did all of the work until the hare
turned down the Held, when the runner
up joined In and made five points, includ
ing the kill.
Flora McDonald did clever work until !
she met Honesty in the fifth round.
Though she was beaten pointless In this j
go, it was through favor of the hare. She ;
was possessed of speed and many liked j
her chances for the stake, but luck was j
against her. A good play was made on j
this course and 5 to 1 was freely offered ,
with Flora as a favorite. As stated, lion- :
esty went out to Victor Boy in his next
course. The hares were a strong lot and
gave the dogs some hard runs. Several
of the entries were withdrawn on account
of severe coursing.
Smuggler" was given' hard work. He
beat Athena in a grueling course, but
came back in the next round and gut the
decision against Talk to Me, a 4 to 1 fa
vorite, after a grueling go all over the
Held.
Several other short ends landed at good
odds. The card furnished interesting
sport.
Following are the day's results, with
Judge Andrew Dean's official scores:
San Mateo Park, open stake, second round—
D. E. Wiley's High Born Lady beat J. Cone's
Red Glenn, 17-3; A. Johnsons Tod Sloan beat
E. M. KellogK's Ben's Babe. "8-2; J. J. Ed
monds," Go On beat F. C. Mack's I>ella M. 8-3;
Russell, Allen & Wilson's Victor Boy beat G.
Lennon's Jennie Noyea, 12-0; Russell, Allen &
Wilson's Roj-le Claire beat H. D. Fallon's Lily
of the West, 8-0; Lowe & Thompson's Little
F"ullerton beat T. Logan's Honor Bright, 13-2;
J. Carroll's Master Clair beat J. R. Smiths
Victor Queen, 12-2; Captain Cane's Miss Pen
man beat J. Potter's I'almnower, 20-3; D. Dil
lon's Dew Drop beat J. Dean's Sisquoc. 6-3;
Lowe & Thompson's Flora McDonald beat C.
P-onar'a Wild Norah. 12-0; P. M. Clarkson's
Golden Garter beat J. Kennedy's Wine West.
6-1; O'§hea Brothers' Golden Rule beat C. B.
Charlesworth's Crawford Braes, S-6; P. J.
Rellly's Honesty beat Aeneid Kennels' Aeneas,
6-1; O'Shea Brothers' Young America beat D.
Toland's Pleasant Girl, 4-2; E. M. Kellotrg's
Iowa Boy beat Condrey & Rought's Flying
Daisy, 10-4; T. Logan's Miss Grizzle beat F.
Schou's King's Border*r, 6-3; P. Jackson's
Golden Russet beat P. McCabe's Fair Lily, 7-1;
Russell, Allen & Wilson's Spiteful beat J.
Dean's Connemara, 8-5; Russell, Allen & Wil
son's Talk to Me beat F. Schou's Lady Glen
kirk, 12-6; F. Schou's Smuggler beat Aeneid
Kennels' Athena, 14-11; Russell. Allen & Wil
son's Belle Claire beat A. Johnson's Low
lander. 11-3; W. C. Glasson's Santonin beat J.
Carroll's Auckland, 10-3.
Third round— High Born Lady beat Tod Sloan.
1S-4; Victor Boy beat Go On, 4-3; Little Fuller
ton beat Rosle Claire, 3-1; Master Claire beat
Miss Penman, 6-0; Flora McDonald beat Dew
Drop. 7-3; Golden Garter beat Golden Rule, 3-0;
Honesty beat Young America. 3-2: Iowa Boy
beat Miss Grizzle, 6-0; Golden Russet beat
Spiteful. 6-4; Smuggler beat Talk to Me, 17-13;
Santonin beat Belle Claire.
Fourth round— Victor Boy beat High Born
Lady; Master Claire beat Little Fullerton;
Flora McDonald beat Golden Garter; Honesty
beat Iowa Boy; Golden Russet a bye; Santonin
a bye.
Fifth round— Victor Boy a bye; Honesty beat
Flora McDonald, 8-0; Golden Russet beat San
tonin, 11-2. .
Sixth round— Victor Boy beat Honesty, 4-3;
Golden Russet a bye.
Deciding course— Victor Boy beat Golden Rus
set. 11-5.
J. Sutton's clever greyhound Mayflower
sot a gruelling pace in her first course in
the Open Stake at Union Park yesterday
and kept it up until she won the flag from
Handy's-Twin City Girl in the final round.
There is no disputing the tact that the
winner had the speed over all of her op
ponents and In every go the game daugh
ter of St. Lawrence showvd her willing
ness to display all the running there was
in her. Barring a bye with Rollicking
Airs, a fresh dog, she allowed but two
points to be scored against her by Wedgt
wood, and with the others she won u.s »hd
pleased.
The coursing throughout the stake was
of high class, and five of the greyhounds
were put out of the running on account
of severe work. Rural Artist showed the
effects of Saturday's work and was with
drawn in the second round. The speedy
Palo Alto, a strong favorite for linal
honors, got a hard course in that round,
with Liberator, and was scratched trom
further going, and Annie Hall and Wai
path shared a like fate. .Brutus, too,
further on in the stake, went a killing
pace with Sweetness, wnich left him un
iit to continue.
The day's results, with Judge John
Grace's official scores, follow:
Union Coursing Tark, open stftke. secon
round — Walfch & Heenan's Sacramento Ho
beat R. E. de B. Inez's Peplta, 6-0: J. I
Thrift's Forget beat Kussell, Allen & Wilson 1
First Foot, »-C; Curtis & Son's War ISagle bee
W. Creamer's Lily Wright, 16-2; Erwin <
Lyons' Silver Wings beat Maher &. Reid's Ba
Iioy, 6-3; H. E. de B. Lopez's Sweetness beu
Curtis & Son's Anchor, 9-4; R. E. de 15. Lipez'
Sara beat M. H. Schepper's The Exile, 6-2; 1
J. Mclnerney's Annie Hall beat Kay Brother;
Hawker 9-7; J. P. Thrift's Brutus a bye; F
A. JlcCorab's Motto beat Pasha Kennels' Roun
About 6-2; S. Handy' s Twin City Girl beat 1
J. Mclnerney's Tommy Rex, 4-0; E. Geary'
Palo Alto beat P. Doyle's Liberator, 14-5; 1
J. Mclnerney's Norah beat Pao.'r. Kenneli
Royal Anne, 5-3; Pasha Kennels' May Hcmj.
?feud heat A. Johnson's Mountain Keauty, li-i
H A. Deckelman's Rocker bent F. Jones' Hai
lean Gladys. 9-5; T. J. Mclnerney's Regina J
beat P. O'Dowd's Khootover, 9-3; T. W. Barteh
Mac's Melody beat Pasha Kennels' Rest As
Biired, 26-1; Russell. Allen & Wilson's Weddln
home. No accidents or 'nc^ep^J 1 '"*^
of mention occurred at any of the many
pleasure places. The Chutes wasr well
patronized during the day and an enter
taining programme was enjoyed by an.
Following are the results of the contests
at Sutro'a Baths:
50 yard dash. Juvenlle-J. F. Ryan first. F.
Smith second. , t - t
Under-water swimming— James Regell nrai.
J D?vi t nff-j eC< DiXon first. F. Gllsque second, J.
E. Reafni third.. " I' T «„.
100 yard dash, amateurs— E. G. Levy nrsi.
H. Lichen second. «=_» ts-
Springboard diving— E. Sandberg first, r.
Gow~er second. ,,
High diving-J. Stockton first. J. Reynolds
ecpnnd. I
YOUNG AMERICA WINS
FROM OLD ENGLAND
FINAL GOES TO
A SHORT ENDER
Victor Boy Beats Some Fast
Hounds at San Mateo
„ Coursing Park.
:¦.:¦<¦¦¦¦ ~-\i,-'- i
Ingleside Association Furnishes Good I
Stake — Flora McDonald Does i
Clever Work, but Luck i
Is Againct Her.
Eagan Knocks Ball Over Left Field
Fence at Recreation Ground
and Establishes a
Record.
The I-: -.!ij of league team* !*¦ as follows:
Games Games
Clubs— Wen. Lost. Pet.
S-acram^nto 36 2S .562
.-^iri Francisco 17 30 .Ju2
Btockton 29 3j .M
"..hhi-.ia 30 39 .44»
Oakland 4, Sacramento 5.
"Count me cut of it." said the leader
< :' the beer forces gathered in the cage
to trhovt. for the Dudes. "After filling
yon with joy what does this fellow Moskf-
KBSXl do but pet pincned or. third just as
he i^ about to make a clean steal and win
the ga:r,t : Thut's; what 1 call the dude act
ai: over. Doesn't it make you sick?"
The brigadier general of the beer force*
became so incensed after this lingual ox
plosion that he refused to order.
In the eighth inning of the same %t
Recreation grounds ytsterday afternoon
OaklandJ two runs in the rear of Sacra
rncnto. tied the score. One man had per-
Isned when Hutchir.fcon and Francks
brand themselves on the sacks after a
< maple of hits. Moskimaji's chance to win
i :> own game had come. Like a streak
ti.e i>«ill left his bat. too fast for Kutran
or anybody else to stop Its career. When
tbe ball reached the infield Hutchinson
and Krancks had runs registered against
Utem and Moskiman *ras throwing com-
X.'lime:its at himseJtf or. third. Then he got
pay and stayed too far from the sack.
1 toyle threw to Devertaux and Moskiman
dud where he stood. The team was retired
tno:i after.
•And 1 did all the good work." cried the
fanatic between swallows. "I started the
crowd yellir.g and hooting. Why, we had
DiiyJe down nine seconds. It was a cinch
that Moskiman would have scored and
after that shew me the' toga snorter who
would have got a hit eft Moskiman. A1J
the easy money burned to cinders. I'd
five 69 cents If I were a baseball man-
B» r. 1
The friends of the brigadier sympathized
with thoir leader and smiled sad re
sponses. For seven Innings the game
drupgt-d along in uninteresting slowness.
The turbulent eighth tied the score. The
ninth settled It. Held did a wild throw
stunt that gave Eagan two bases and
Ful>se<"ju»»nt!v scored him. That was the
end <jf all.
Truck Kagan made a hero of himself in
more ways than one. He knocked the ball
over the left field fence for the first time
1n a professional game. Only once before
was this done on the grounds— by Young
of Stanford in a game with California
three years ago. Besides this Eagan got
a double and a sinplf and made phenom
enal stops at short that forced the fanat
ics off the lienchep.
Kitpans drive kept Bowman moving
fctutward from the time the ball left the
bat until it scaled the dizzy Emporium
sign. Bowman was bewildered. The bags
were cloar when Eagan rolled out the
homer. The score Is:
OAKLAND.
AB. n. BH. EB. PO. A. E
Prrr.r.an. c. f 4 0 0 0 10 0
Hu:<-h:r.son, lb 4 2 2 0 13 0 0
I'ran"ks. s. m 4 1 2 1 1 6 0
/ rr.-I|an«-s. 2b 4 0 0 0 13 0
Moettmaa, p 4 12 0 0 10
HpM. 3b 3 f> 0 0 0 0 1
1! ¦wrr.an.»l. f 4 0 0 0 6 10
*.!«r.r« rina. c 4 0 0 0 3 11
Hardie. r. f 4 0 0 10 0 1
Totals Zl 4 6 2 24 12 3
SACRAMENTO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Mrl^uchlin. 1. f 3 1112 0 0
] >< ¦-.••-. aux. Sb 4 0 0 0 1 3 1
H - ¦:. I. f 4 3 3 0 3 3-2
S!^:han, e. f 3 0 112 0 0
":¦¦: : : . lb 4 0 1 0 12 1 1
Stariev, c 4 0 10 3 0 0
I :¦ . T» 4 0 0 0 0 2 0
Xu'.'z. 2b 3 1 1 0 2 « 0
Dennle; r. f 2 0 0 0 2 0 0
Totals 21 5 8 2 27 15 4
RUNS AND HIT!* BY INNINGS.
Oakland 0 1100002 0—4
Base t . i t s 11100003 0—«
Bacraaaveto 10003001 •— 5
Ha« hits 10 123001 •— S
SUMMARY.
Rum r^FprasMWe for— Doyle 2, MoFkiman 4.
}-: ri •¦ run— I'aaan. Threp-base him—Hutchin
t-'in, Mn^klman. Two-bare hitt- — Stanley. Ea
ran. S?aortfi<-<» hit* — Dennle. Sheehan. First
LiHc on errors— Sacramento 2. Oakland 3. First
l.asp on '•allf'l ha'!*— Harramento 1, Oakland 1.
Left "i basts— Sacramrnto S, Oakland 5. Ftruek
«'Ut — By Moskirr.an 2. by Doyle 2. Double play
— TViwman t<. Arrdlan^. Passed balls — Man
pfrir.a 1* 1. I'mplre — O'Connell. Offl
<-:al nTnr- J. M*.
KORNING GAME.
Oakland 6, Sacramento 3.
T'ntil the seventh inning at Oakland yes
terday morning "Redaog" Devereaux's
twirling was enough to keep Ewlng's men
lnird at work on guessing contests. Then
the c-yo? of the Dudes came to a sudd«n
awakening and they began to unravel the
twirl«=-r from Sacramento for small
I'unctips of hits. Ewir.g'F new discoveries,
Hf-ld ami Bowman, were kings of the stick
brigade, the former getting a homer and
a two-bagEer. the latter a three-sack hit.
The score shows the first portion of the
n!nth inriinsr up to the time the game was
railed. In reality the score is, Oakland 4.
Ep.rramento 3. the la«t inning being re
moved from the account.
Both pitchers wer«» hit freely, but Sacra
mento had little luck In scoring. The
•cor*:
OAKLAND.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E
T>r«r.nan. rl & 2 1 2 2 0 0
Uufh'nFon. lb 3 12 0 8 11
Franrkjs, «. e 6 0 1 0 i | j
Arrrnar.fs. 2b 5 0 2 112 1
Hr,T'-hera. p 4 1)0420
nr!4. 2h I 1 2 0 S 2 1
IV. urns n. If 4 1 1 0 l r, o
Manjr-rir.a. c i 0 0 0 6 I •
Hardif. rf. J 0 1 0 0 0 0
TotaU 1 n 1 U 5 1
BACRAMEN'lU.
AB. It. BH. SH. PO. A. E
Mr!,auirhl!n, If 4 0 0 0 6 0 6
Inv<i<aux. p 4 I) 0 1 2 0 0
3>F«n f>. r 41 20220
DIVIDE HONORS
ON THE DIAMOND
Dudes and Senators, Millers
and Wasps Win and
Lose Games.
MAYFLOWER WINS
IN EASY STYLE
Shows the Speed Over All
Her. Opponents at
Union Park.
Five Hounds in the Stake Are With
drawn on Account of Severe
Coursing Given
Them.
FIRST DAY OF
TANFORAN FAIR
Three Events for Golden
Gate Park Driving
Association.
Number of Well-Known Koadster3
Are Entered in Bace3 for
Purs ss of Three Hun
dred Dollars Each.
on the turnpike. The next match was be
tween Howard Black and P. Boland, both
of San Francisco. It is said they shot for
a box of canned lobsters. Black won out
by half a bird. . -
A. Decourtieux, Robert Van Norden and
M. F, Cochrane next faced the traps in an
effort to capture the club's tamale medal.
Decourtieux won. Salvador Pacheco, Ira
Parks and T. J. Lennon next shot for the
club's rabbit foot trophy. Lennon broke
the most birds, but the match vras given
to Pacheco because he broke a disc and
filled a brown cow with the balance of the
shot.
"Chick" Doody and E. B. Martinelli
shot a great match of • ten birds.
Doody broke his ten birds and Martlrtelll
killed nine. It was afterward learned that
Doody was shooting an eight-bore gun
loaded with double B. and the medal was
awarded to Martinelli.
Fred Carroll, the old baseball star, and
W. E. Robertson shot a fifteen-bird
match. Carroll won. breaking fourteen to
Robertson's thirteen. David Hearfleld
and T. J. Fallon met with a peculiar mis
hap. Before the shooting they wandered
up on the hill with their guns to get a
little practice. They saw what they
thought was a coon's nest in an oak tree,
and both let drive. Fallon tame near
drowning in a water hole where he sought
safety from the hornets
The following is the result of the regu
lar vhoots, each mar. having ten shots:
Howard Black. S; P. Boland, 7; D. Hearfteld.
S; A. Decourtieux. !); Joseph K: Hawkins, 7;
H. Hatvkinp, 6; M. P. Cochrane, 7; Robert Van
Xorden. 8; AV. Brown, 9; Zalvador Pacheco, S;
T. J. Lennon, S; A. H. Scoit, 3; Ira Park, 7;
K. J. C'onnell. 7: I,ouis Gerstle, S: Henry Wag
ner, 7; E. it. Martinelli. S; C. Duncan. S; F.
Jfi<-ob5. 6: Peter Crane, 7; J. S. Kaneen, 8:
Steve 1'orchelli, 9; H. A Crane, 9: H. W.
Bchottler. S; w. k. Robertson, 9; T..J. Fallon,
S; Chick Doody, 10.
TOMMY CROWLEY NOW
WHITEHALL CHAMPION
Wins the Hesailed Admission Day-
Contest With Seven Lengths
to Spare.
One of the most exciting races between
Whitehall boats ever seen on the bay I
was sailed yesterday. "Tommy" Crowley
won by a safe margin, but the second,
third and fourth boata were so close to
gether at the finish that it required a de
cision from the 4 udge to piace them. Jim
Sennett's and Dave Crowley Sr.'a boats
were in collision and Sennett claimed a I
foul, but it was not allowed, and the
judges placed the boats as follows: !
'•Tommy" Crowley, first; Dave Crowley j
St., second; W. Clark, third; James Sen- I
nett, fourth; Charles Price nfth.
The Whitehall race was the outcome of !
the Native Sons' celebration. On the oc- j
casion of the lirst race "Tommy" Crow
ley won In pood style, but he had placed
a canva3 half deck on his Whitehall and
that made trouble among the other com
petitors. Objections poured in on the re-
Katta committee, so it was decided to sail
the race over again. There waa a big
crowd out to see the contest, and the
Governor Markham carried at. least 100
spectators.
From the start Tommy Crowley held
the place. On the run home he came
along without his spinnaker, while his
father with all sail set tried in vain to
catch him. By a very clever piece of ma
neuvering "Old Man" Crowley blanketed
Billy Clark's Whitehall and managed to
slip in half a boat's length ahead. Half
a length away came Jimmy Sennett, and
lapped on the latter was~Charley Price.
There were seven boats in the race and
Tommy Crowley assumed a commanding
lead from the first. Rounding Blossom
Rock, he had the race won and off Pow
ell-street wharf he had a three-minute
lead. From that on It was only a ques
tion of by how many blocks he would win.
In the run home he reduced sail in order
to give the other boats a chance to come
up.
The foul claimed by Sennett occurred
while rounding the Presidio buoy. The
committee decided that Dave Crowley Sr.
lost more by the misadventure than did
Sennett.
» • ¦
Kar.lnn. lb 4 1 2 0 10 2 0
Stanley, c 2 0 0 0 1 X 0
| Doyl<\ cf 3 0 112 0 1
I frtultz, !b 4 0 0 12 10
j Dennle, rf 2 0 1110 0
Totals 31 3 9 S »26 13 1
•Two out in the ninth when game was called.
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Oakland 0 0001102 2—6
Base hits 0 2 0 0 112 2 3—11
Sacramento 1 0000002*— 3
Ease hits 3 0210102*— 9
SUMMARY.
Runs responsible for— Borchers 1; Devereaux
3. Home run— Held. Three-base hit— Bowman.
Two-bas* hit— Held. SaeriSce hits— Doyle.
! Held. Dennle. First base on errors— Oakland
i 1. Sacramento 4. First base on called balls-
Oakland 4, Sacramento 3. Left on bases — Oak
| land 9. Sacramento 9. Struck out— By Borch
| <-rs 5. Passed ball— Stanley. Time of game —
2:00. Umpire— O'Connell. Official scorer— H. S.
McFarlln.
Games nt Stockton.
STOCKTOX. Sept. 23.— Storkton and San
Francisco broke oven to-day. The visi
tors wen the first pame by a score of 6 to 5
and tho locals the second with a score of
4 to L
In the second game Umpire Hugh Smith
made some of the players contribute $40
for back talk. It looked like a shutout
for the visitors until Schwartz scratched
home on a hiph one. dropped by Moore,
and some field jupfflinK by other millers;
McCarthy was fined $7 50 for grabbing the
ball from Krug while the umpire was not
looking. Score
STOCKTON.
An. n. bh. sn. p6. a. e.
McCarthy, 1. f 6 0 0 0 1 0 0
MrGucUen, c. f E 1 2 0 1 0 0
Moore. 3b 4 10 0 2 2 1
Streib. lb 4 1 I 0 14 0 1
McHale. r. f 4 0 10 2 0 0
firabam, c 4 0 0 0 4 3 0
P.abbltt. s. s 2 10 0 8 3 0
Courtney, 2b S 0 0 0 2 7 1
Whalen. p 4 110 0 3 0
TotaU 35 5 6 0 29 IS 3
SAN FRANCISCO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Brockhoff, c. f 5 0 10 2 0 0
Hildebrand r. f 6 12 0 2 10
Hchwaitz, 2b 5 0 10 0 2 0
Pabst. lb 4 3 I 0 IS 0 0
Sullivan, c 8 12 0 3 2 0
Levy. 1. f 3 0 2 110 1
Krus, p. s 3 0 0 0 3 7 1
Riley. Sb 4 110 14 0
Fitzpatrlck. p 3 0 0 0 0 7 0
Total* 33 6 12 1 30 IS 2
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Storkton 0 10040000 0—5
Base hit? 0 100801100— C
San Francisco 0 101110011—8
Base hits .« 21122001 3—12
SUMMARY.
Runs responsible for— Whalen 2. Fitzpatrick
3. Three-base hits— Pabst. McGucken. Sacri
fice hits— Levy, Krug, Fitzratrick, Sullivan.
Double plays— Moor* to Babbitt to Streib:
Urockhoff to Krug: Hildebrand to Pabst. First
bane on errors — Stockton 2, San Francisco 2.
Left on bases— Stockton 4. San Francisco 3.
Bases on balls-Off Whalen 1. off Fitzpatrlck
4. Struck out— By Whalen 4. by Fitzpatrick 2.
Hit by pitcher— Graham. Umpire— Hugh Smith.
Time of game— 1:00. Scorer— A. H. Harlln.
The score of the second game:
STOCKTON.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
McCarthy. If 4 110 3 0 0
McGucken. cf 4 0 2 0 10 0
Moore. 2b 4 0 0 0 2 2 1
Streib. lb 3 1 1 0 13 0 1
McHale. rf. 4 0 10 10 0
Graham, c 4 2 115 0 1
Babbitt, s. s 3 0 1 0 1 3 1
Courtney. 2b 3 0 0 0 16 0
Harper, p 3 0 2 0 0 10
Totals 32 4 9 1 27 12 4
SAN FRANCISCO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Brockhoflf. cf 4 0 1 0 2 0 n
Fitzratrick. rf 4 0 0 0 0 0 0
Schwartz. 2b 4 10 0 4 2 0
I'abst. lb 4 0 1 0 10 0 0
Sullivan, c 3 0 0 0 6 2 0
Levy. If 4 ,-0 0 0 0 0 1
Krug:. b. s 3 0 0 0 13 0
Heilly. Sb 3 0 0 0 2 5 1
Iburg, p 3 0 2 0 13 0
Totals 32 1 4 0 27 15 2
RtTXS AXD HITS BY INNINGS.
ptockton 2 0 0 10 10 0 0—4
Base hits 2 02102110—9
San Francisco 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 1—1
Base hits 0 0 0 0 0 1 1 2 0 — 4
SUMMARY.
Runs responsible for— Iburg 2. Home run—
Strelh. Three-base hit— Babbitt. Sacrifice hits
— McUucfcen. Babbitt. Moore. Streib. Double
play — Courtney to Babbitt to Streib. First
base on errors — Stockton 2, San Francisco 2.
Left on bases— Stockton 8. Ban Francisco 6.
Base on balls— Off Harper 2, off Iburg 4. Struck
out — By Harper 3, by Iburp 3. Umpire — Hugh
Smith. Time of came — 1:37. Scorer — A. H.
Harlln.
» ~-
WAGNER WINS THE GAME.
By a Three-Base Hit Advances the
Score for Pittsburg.
Clubs— W. L. Pet. Clubs— W. L. Pet.
Brooklyn 73 49 .539 rhlcapo 60 67 .472
t'ittsbuix "3 52 -5S4 Ft. Louis ....53 6S .447
Philadelphia 65 5S .53 . Cincinnati ... r >4 71 .432
Boston 61 Cl .SCO New York ..53 70 .431
ST. LOUIS, Bert. 23.— Hans Wagner won
the came in the fourth inning with a triple
to the right-field fence. Powell outpitehed
Leever. but the visitors' hits came when they
were needed. Attendance 6500. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Pt. I.ouis 1 8 2
FiUoburer 3 * 2
Haiteties — Powell and Crlger; Leever and
O'Connor. rnj;>iiv— O'Day.
CINCINNATI. Sent. 23.— Chicago outplayed
the locals' in both games to-day and won eas
ily. Attendance 5*jO. Score, first game:
Clubs- R. H. B.
Cincinnati 4 6 4
Chicago 6 9 5
Ilatteriex — nivitenMein and Kahoe; Taylor
and Klin;:. Umpire — Emslie.
Second game:
Clubs- • 11. II. E.
Cincinnati 1 3 1
Chicago 8 12 0
P.stt"ries — Newton and Peltz; Griffith and
Klinsr. Umpire — Emslie.
American League Game.
CHICAGO, Sept. 2?..— Milwaukee 3. Chicago 1
Elinor Coast Games.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, Sept. 23.— Koenijrs 23, Hollister 2.
Hatteries — Perrlne and Eager; Daubenblss
brothers.
TRAILING BANK ROBBERS.
Sheriff Moore Thinks They Are Sid
ing in the Junipers.
BOISE, Idaho. Sept. ZL— Sheriff Moore of
Humboldt County, Nevada, arrived at
Nampa to-day on his way to the Juni
pers in pursuit of the Wlnnemucca bank
robbers. The Junipers is a section of the
extreme southwestern part of the State
that has long been a favorite hiding place
for outlaws. The Sheriff will take some
Idaho men with him. ¦*.--•
There is a blacksmith In Gardiner,
Me., who has not lost a day's work from
sickness since he began his apprentice
ship, nearly a third of a century ago.
XMJS SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 24, 1UOU.
THERE •w«»r» >«oTne exciting scenes
at Ansel I^iand quarantine sta
ticp. during the detention of the
mail steamer Moana. Many moons
apo' bubonic plagrue wag epi
rUmto in Sydney. N. S. W.. and ever
since steamer* from that point have been
detained hero for fumigation. Strange to
fi-v. th»» pa. c song€>re from Auckland (N>w
Zealand) and -Apia (Samoa) are landed
as soon as they reach port, while the
Australian passengers, who have been
mixing with them for three weeks, have
to he fumigated.
It is the fumigating question that has
raised all the trouble. There are no fe
ma'.e attendant* at the Angel Inland sta
tion, and the doctors and hosplta.1 stew
ards handled all the baggage. Several
women fainted and others went' Into hys
trrics when the latter unceremoniously
(mpil^d valises and trunks of female ap
parel and threw the contents Into the
tUslnl^cUns vat. The travelers evidently
thought thftir wearing apparel was to be
i!c--.troyed before their eyes.
DEMOCRATS HAVE AN OUTING.
Commissioners Kerold and Harney
Take a Party Around the Bay.
A number of leading politicians of the
Democratic party had an outing on the
bay yesterday. They were the guests of
Harbor Commissioners Harney and Her
cld. and had a most enjoyable trlD around
the bay. Among those who went out on
the State tug Governor Markham were:
Gavin McNab. Dr. Dudge, T. P. \V. Le
: land and D. M. Delmas. A number of
ladles who accompanied the party tended
to make the excursion more of a social
j than a political event. The affair was a
| most enjoyable one.
Chief Engineer McCaig Honored.
; D. McCaig, chief engineer of the mail
i steamer Moana, has a host of friends, not
i only in San Francisco, but In every port
' the steamship stops at throughout Aus
| tralla. New Zealand, Samoa and Hawaii.
I He was chief engineer of the Monowal
j when that vessel took the first New Zea
! land contingent to South Africa, and
when he was transferred to the Moana
his friends showered tokens of their
favor on him. When the vessel was at
Auckland, on the way here, the engineers
gave him a splendid send-off and a pres
ent of a watch and- chain. The watch
bears the inscription. "Presented to D.
MeCaig from his juniors on the occasion
of his leaving the ,Monowal to take charge
of the- Moana."
Water Front Notes.
John Henry went to the pump that
feeds the steamers of the Santa Fe sys
tem yesterday to get a drink of water.
He turned the water on, and, while
stooping over to quench his thirst,
lost his balance and fell overboard.
Postal Clerks Collins and . Asmus
sen of Station D went to his assist
ance, but had It not 1 been for the help ren-
dered by the crew of the Ocean Spray-
John would have drowned.
The Alaska Commercial Company's St.
Paul arrived from Cape Nome yesterday
via Seattle. Among the passengers was
Mrs. E. O. Tuttle. She went north to
meet her husband, but missed him on the
way. Mr. Tuttle was at the wharf to
meet her. All the news the St. Paul
brought from the gold fields was tele
graphed from Seattle.
The work of discharging the German
liner Herodot went on all of yesterday.
There Is a great rush of outward cargo,
and an attempt will be made to get the
steamer away on time.
All the sick from the transport'Grant
were taken to the Presidio on tho tug Res
olute yesterday. The discharged soldiers
were landed during the afternoon and
taken to the various hotels. The Grant
goes on the drydock to-day, and will take
the Algoa's place at Folsom-street next
Thursday.
Joseph Walsh of C05 Battery street was
treated at the Harbor Hospital yesterday
by Drs. Robinson and Bauer for a serious
razor cut on the back of the neck. It
appears that Walsh got into an altercation
with his landlord, and the latter used the
razor. Sergeant Ellis was In the hospital
when Walsh was • brought In, and he is
now investigating the case.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Sunday, September 23.
Stmr Geo Loomls, ; Bridsett, 32 hours from
Ventura. - • -.'...-
Stmr Rival. Johnson, 64 hours from Wlllapa
Harbor.
Strar South Coast, Olscn, 36 hours from Hue
neme. . ,
Nor. stmr Tellus, Pederson, 84 hours from Oys
ter Harbor.
Stmr Ranler, Hansen, 90 hours from Belllng
ham Bay.
Stmr Noyo, Johnson, 14 hours from Fort
Braes-
Stmr Sunol, Green, 48 hours from San Pedro.
Stmr Westport, Ericsson, 16 hours from Bear
Harbor.
Stmr St Paul, Hays, 12 days 23 hours from
St. Michael, via Nome 12 days 1 hour, and
Seattle 71 hours.
' Schr Five Brothers, Jensen, 14 hours from
Blhlers Point. v
Schr Newark, Beck, 14 hours from Bowens
Landlne.
Schr Corinthian. North. 18 hours from Bow
en Hchr l Mary' C, Campbell, 10 hours from Fort
Rnss.
Schr Reliance. Larsen. 24 hours from Bowens
Lnndinz.
Schr I Izjste Vance. Brown. 6tt days from
Grays Harbor.
SAILED.
Sunday, September 13.
Stmr Umatllla. Cousins. Victoria.
Br ship Flintshire, Jones. Queenstown."
Bark Alden Hesse, Potter, Honolulu.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. Sept. 23—10 p. m.— Weather
hazy, wind northwest/ velocity 20 miles.
SPOKEN*.
Per stmr Rainier— Sept 21, lat 43.25 north. Ion
124.50 west— Schr W F " Jewett. hence Sept 10,
for Klawavk. ¦
-. DOMESTIC PORTS.
KA AN APALI— Arrived prior to Sept 5— Bark
Highland Light, from Tacoma.
KAILU A— Sailed Sept 11— Schr Jessie Minor,
for Eureka.
PORT TOWNSENr>— Arrived Sept 23— Br stmr
Inverness, from Mororan ; bark General Fair
child, ; from ; Honolulu ; ecnr Mary Dodge, from
San Pedro. .
FORT ROSS— Sailed Sept 23— Schr Mary C,
for San Francisco.
HONOLULU-Saiied Sept 1,1-Shlps Invincible
and J B Brown, for PuRet Round. To sail Sept
15— Ships Florence and Standard, for Tacoma.
HONOLULU— To sail Sept 15— Br ship Kil
mory, for Oregon; Ger ship Philadelphia, for
Oregon. ,
SRATTLE— Arrived Pept 22-Shlp Iroquol*.
from Honolulu. Sailed Sept 22— Schr Ruby A
Cousins, for Valdez; stmr Al-Kl. for Skaguay;
U S Btmr Lairtnn. for Cape Nome. Sept 23 —
Stmr John S Klmball, for San Francisco.
REDONDO-Arrlved Sept 22-Schr Lottie
Carson, from Eureka; srhr John F Miller, from
Grays Harbor. Sailed Sept 23— Schr Sadie, foi
Umpqua. - -4fci*fci
EUREKA- Arrived Sept 23— Stmr North Fork.
hence Sept 21: stmr Iaqua, hence Sept 22. Sailed
—Stmr Brunswick, for San Francisco; stmr Po
mona, for San Francisco.
COOS BAY— Arrived Sept 23— Schr Western
Home, hence Sept 14.
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived Sept 22-Schr Lau
ra May. hence Sept 2; schr Sailor Boy, hence
Scp: 7; brlj? Harriet G, hence Sept"; schr Henry
Wilson, from Ho'nolulu.
FOREIGN PORTS.
SYDNEY-Arrlved Sept 21-Bktn Robert Sud
den, from Port Gamble.
. OCEAN STEAMKRS.
NEW YORK— Arrived Sept 22— Stmrs Bulpa
rla, from Hamburg: Philadelphia, from Liver
pool; Island, from Copenhagen, Christlanla,
etc.: La Gascogne, from Havre. .
YOKOHAMA— Arrived Sept 23— Stmr Hon*
koziK Maru, from San Francisco, via Honolulu,
for Honskonff, etc. *, '
QUEENSTOWN— Sailed Sept 23— Stmr Cam
pania, for New York." -,¦.•'
ST. MICH AEX«— Passed Sept 23— Stmr Werra,
for Genoa. •
SOUTHAMPTON— Arrived Sept 23— Strar
Trave. from New York, for Bremen.
ANTWERP— Arrived Sept 23— Stmr Western
land, from New York. - .. ,
Steamer Movements.
TO ARRIVE.
TO SaIIx
St. Paul...lCape Xome...|Fep. », I
Santa Rosa|San Diego |Sep. 30, 11 am'Plcr 11
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Surrey-
Times and Heights of High and Lot*
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Ilay. Published by official au
thority of th« Superintendent.
NOTE. —The hlsh aprl low water* occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-flve minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide la the sarms nt both nl.icea.
MONDAY, SEPTEMBKU St
NOTE.— In the above exposition of the titles
the early mornlnff tides arc plven In the lerc
hand column and the successive tldrs of u\ ¦
day In the order of occurrence as to time. Thn
second time column gives the seoomi tide of
th«« day. the third time column the third tido
and the last or right hand column stves th<»
last tide of the day. except when there are huB
three tide*, as sometime* occurs. The helghtJ
given are In addition to {he soundingra on th<»
United States Const Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the heiKh;.
and then the number given 13 subtracted from
the depth stven by the charts. The plane of
reference Is the mean of the lower low wit«r*
6
Steamer. | From. I Due.
tVashtenaw .... Tacoma [Sep. 24
Czarina Seattle Sep. 24
Corona san Diego ,^p. a
City of Puebla. Victoria s» r 14
Pomona Humboldt |S«-p. 24
Rarracouta Acapulco !Sep 23
Bristol Oyster Harbor s«-p. 23
lanua Eureka....; Scp 2fi
IVIllamrtte Seattle Sep. 2S
Arcata . Coos Bay Sep. 26
Mackinaw Seattle s e p 28
.Newburg O^ays Harbor Sep. M
f <r >nlta Newport Sep i«
Eureka Humboldt '. iSep' 2S
t'olnt Arona Point Arena ISep •/
Crc-scent City.. Crescent City |Sep 27
State of Cal.... Portland Sep !7
Del Norte fPorttand Sep 27
MIneola Nanalmo s e n" 27
North Fork IHumboldt ' Sep' 2T
Emplra Coos Bay Sen' 27
Curacao Mexico |Sep! 23
Santa Rosa San Dleijo Sep 2S
V;? P ,V C ••••••••••iCh'.na and Japan Sep. 20
Walla Walla... I Victoria Sep. *>
Steamer. Destination. Sails. I Pier.
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena.. Sep. !4, 2 pm Pier 2
Cops Ttey... Newport Sep. 24. 9 am Pier 11
Columbia .. Portland Sep. 25. H am Pier 21
Pomona ... Ilumboldt Sep. 23. 2 pm Pier 9
£ lva l Wlllapa Sep. 28. 5 pm Pier 2
Corona ... Ran DI«>ko Sep. K. 11 am Pier n
Arcata .... Coos Bay...... Srp. 27. 12 m|Pl»r Is
Eureka..... I Humboldt Sep. 57. 10 am Pier 13
Czarina ...[Seattle Sep. 27 Pier 8
San Juan.. [New York..... Sop. 2S. 12 m PMSS
City PueblalVlctorla Sep. IS. 11 am Pier 9
Bonita ....(Newport Sep. 2S,' 9 am Pier U
sun rises ,
Sun sets
Moon sets
O (Time! |Tlnw] Tlmel
5. I JFt. Ft. ¦
? |L W H W) L W
-!
ITlm«|
iiTwi'
ft
24 ...i 5:CS! l.« 11:43 5.4 5:47
\tl \v) ]L W III \v
IS ... 0:24| 4.7 S:X1; 1.9' 12:0S
2« ... 1:07 4.5 6:03 2.2 12:32
27 ... 1:55 4.3 8:36 2.5 12:5S
M ... 2:43 4.1 7:1". 2.8 1:2s!
29 ... 3:4->| 4.0 X:00 3.0 2 : o«i
30 ... 4:53| 3.9! 9:05 3.2 2:33!
0.9'
5.3f
>.1
5.1
4.9t
ill W '
f 6:20
6. 33'
T:fl
8:S'!
»:r.!
! 10:28!
Steamer. | From. I Due.
tVashtenaw .... Tacoma [Sep. 24
Czarina Seattle Sep. 24
Corona san Diego ,^p. a
City of Puebla. Victoria s» r 14
Pomona Humboldt |S«-p. 24
Rarracouta Acapulco !Sep 23
Bristol Oyster Harbor s«-p. 23
lanua Eureka....; Scp 2fi
IVIllamrtte Seattle Sep. 2S
Arcata . Coos Bay Sep. 26
Mackinaw Seattle s e p 28
.Newburg O^ays Harbor Sep. M
f <r >nlta Newport Sep i«
Eureka Humboldt '. iSep' 2S
t'olnt Arona Point Arena ISep •/
Crc-scent City.. Crescent City |Sep 27
State of Cal.... Portland Sep !7
Del Norte fPorttand Sep 27
MIneola Nanalmo s e n" 27
North Fork IHumboldt ' Sep' 2T
Emplra Coos Bay Sen' 27
Curacao Mexico |Sep! 23
Santa Rosa San Dleijo Sep 2S
V;? P ,V C ••••••••••iCh'.na and Japan Sep. 20
Walla Walla... I Victoria Sep. *>
Steamer. Destination. Sails. I Pier.
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena.. Sep. !4, 2 pm Pier 2
Cops Ttey... Newport Sep. 24. 9 am Pier 11
Columbia .. Portland Sep. 25. H am Pier 21
Pomona ... Ilumboldt Sep. 23. 2 pm Pier 9
£ lva l Wlllapa Sep. 28. 5 pm Pier 2
Corona ... Ran DI«>ko Sep. K. 11 am Pier n
Arcata .... Coos Bay...... Srp. 27. 12 m|Pl»r Is
Eureka..... I Humboldt Sep. 57. 10 am Pier 13
Czarina ...[Seattle Sep. 27 Pier 8
San Juan.. [New York..... Sop. 2S. 12 m PMSS
City PueblalVlctorla Sep. IS. 11 am Pier 9
Bonita ....(Newport Sep. 2S,' 9 am Pier U
sun rises ,
Sun sets
Moon sets
O (Time! |Tlnw] Tlmel
5. I JFt. Ft. ¦
? |L W H W) L W
-!
ITlm«|
iiTwi'
ft
24 ...i 5:CS! l.« 11:43 5.4 5:47
\tl \v) ]L W III \v
IS ... 0:24| 4.7 S:X1; 1.9' 12:0S
2« ... 1:07 4.5 6:03 2.2 12:32
27 ... 1:55 4.3 8:36 2.5 12:5S
M ... 2:43 4.1 7:1". 2.8 1:2s!
29 ... 3:4->| 4.0 X:00 3.0 2 : o«i
30 ... 4:53| 3.9! 9:05 3.2 2:33!
0.9'
5.3f
>.1
5.1
4.9t
ill W '
f 6:20
6. 33'
T:fl
8:S'!
»:r.!
! 10:28!SACRAMENTO. Sept. 23.— Edward Mo
hus, whose home was in this city, is sup
po'sed to have been drowned at Monument,
nine miles up the river, last night. Sat
urday evening he went on the river to
fish. This morning the boat was found
anchored in midstream, but Mohus had
disappeared.
Probably Drowned.
John N«abel. an old man living at 441
Clementina street, vni taken to the Re
ceiving Hospital yesterday In the ambu
lance. It was found that hla right Instep
was fractured. He said his wife. Bar
bara, bad thrown him over a banister and
that he fell a distance of about ten feet.
Karbara was arrested by Policeman
Mitchell and booked at the City Prison
on a charge of battery She said her hus
band had been drinking heavily, and
wanted to ro out for more beer; that they
had a scuffle on the landing and he fell
over the banister. V
Threw Him Over a Banister.
SACRAMENTO. Sept. 23.-^On Friday
last William Wellman was arrested here
i on a Santa Rosa warrant charging him
i with assault with intent to commit mur
j der. Saturday evening jJeputy Sheriff J.
I S. Gllliam of Santa Rosa arrived here to
take the prisoner back.
Wellman had known Gilllam at Santa
Rosa and the latter agreed to go with tho
former to his saloon, pas3 the night there
and go back to Santa Rosa to-day. Well
man was turned over to Gilliam and 'the
two went to the saloon and went to bed
together. .This > morning when Gillian,
woke. Wellman was gone. He has not
vat haan lncaiad. ' ,
sault to Kill, Is Again at
Large.
PRISONER GIVES A
DEPUTY THE SLIP
William Wellman, Charged "With. As-
This was the verdict rendered last night
by the jury In the Frank Matthai mur
der case that has beert on trial here for
two weeks past. It was a compromise
verdict, as the jury from the first stood
seven for guilty of murder in the second
degree to five for acuuittal. It was out
four hours. Sentence will De pronounced
by Judge Ham on Monday.
Matthai's crime wa>$ the shooting of
George C. Stanley, an old citizen of Ala
meda County, in Chiles Valley last May.
A dispute over some mining claims led (0
the tragedy.
NAPA, Sept. 23.— "We find the defend
ant guilty of manslaughter and recom
mend him to the mercy of the court."
mended to Court's Mercy.
Sneclal Disratch to The Call.
GUTLTY OF MANSULUGHTER.
Slayer of George C. Stanley Recom-
thirty-five years ago. He engaged In rati
ons pursuits, ar.d at last went Into tho ho
tel business, of which he always made a
success. Ten year3 ago he took the
Commercial Hotel, and up to the time of
his leaving for Nome conducted that
place profitably. He was an Important
factor in Republican politics, and waa
elected to the last Board of Supervisors
by a substantial majority over hla Dem
ocratic opponent-
Special Dispatch to The Call.
FRESNO, Sept. 23.— The Belgian Hare
Emporium, a corporation with several
thousand dollars of capital stock, organ
ized a few months ago by a number of
wealthy society ladies, closed its t!oors
yesterday. The failure of the concern
was the result of the dying out of the
Belgian hare craze, which was at Its
height when the emporium started.
Shortly after the organization of the
corporation tho promoters sent represen
tatives to Los Angelea and other places
to study BelKian hare conditions.
Experts were employed at fancy sal
aries and the best stock obtainable was
procured. For a while the venture was
highly successful and many profitable
sales were made. The purchasers suffered,
however, and their experience was a
warning to others not to buy. Soon the
emporium found it impossible to make
further local sates and tried sending 1
agents to the East. This also proved a.
failure and the lo/lles finally decided to go
out of business. The stock on hand was
given ,to a local fancier of the animals.
While in existence the company had one
of the most expensive halls in the city as
headquarters.
Ladies.
Collapse of the Rabbit Boom Causes
Loss to a Party of Society
FRESNO'S BELGIAN HARE
EMPORIUM IS CLOSED
OAKLAND. Sept. 23.— James Snyder. ac
cused of stealing a horse, a pistol and
other property from the Spencer ranch
near Pleasanton, was taken to the County
Jail to-day to be held pending trial.
Accused of Horse-Stealing.
GENIAL, big-hearted Edward Hol
land, member of the last Board
of Supervisors under trie con
solidation act, one time owner
of the old Commercial Hotel and
friend of every mining man that ever
tried his luck in the frozen gold fields of
the north, is dead. Weakened and shak
ing with a deadly fever contracted at
Nome City, he was put aboard the steamer j
St. Paul thirteen days ago and started 1
homeward. He improved rapidly after he
had eot outside the Arctic circle, and by
the time he had reached Seattle tt was '
hoped he would be out of the ships hos- |
pital before Point Reyes was sighted. But j
when only a few hours out of the Wash
ington port ne fell ill with a sudden at
tack of pneumonia, and that, in compli
cation with his other malady, made short
work of him. He passed away on the
evening of the second day out. Although
he had been for three months confined in
one of Nome City's Inhospitable hospitals,
the serious nature of his Illness had been
concealed from his friends at home, and
vesterday there was a host of them at the
dock to btd him welcome.. The cold state
ment of his death shocked and saddened
all of them, and when the news was car
ried to his wife, who was waiting for him
at Oakland, it prostrated her.
'Mr Holland left for Cape Nome tn May
last on the same boat on which his death
occurred. Up to that time he had con
ducted the Commercial Hotel, at the cor
ner of Kearny street and Montgomery ave
nue and had made that place headquar
ters for the mining men of the Klondike
and other Alaskan gold fields. He was
free with his money, as he was with his
hospitality, and there Is many a broken
wreck, drifted back from the Yukon, who
will mourn him and recall untold favors
done. Through his intimacy with the
pioneers of the north he came Into pos
session of a number of valuable claims in
both the Klondike and Nome districts,
and finally sold out his business and went
north to open up his properties.
Three months ago no was stricken with
fever, and*falled rapidly. Everything pos
sible was done for him, but hla condition
finally became puch that it was thought
best to send him back to civilization. His
death ends the story.
Mr. Holland was a native of London,
v.n viand, and cjuna to this country about
Stricken With Deadlv Fever at Nome, the Former San
Francisco Supervisor Passes Away on the St. Paul.
EDWARD HOLLAND ANSWERS
THE SUMMONS OF DEATH
OAKLAND, Sept. 23.— Colonel Frank J.
Sibley of Los Angeles delivered an ad
dress this evening at Wendte Hall on tht
"Moral Claims of the Prohibition Party."
The discourse was one of a series under
the auspices of the College of Religion and
Ethics.
Prohibition Party Claims.
BERKELEY. Sept. -23.— A loral ortler of
Xatlve Sens of the Golden West will be
organized by District Deputy Grand Pres
ident E. A. Brackett to-morrow evening
in the Pythian Castle. The charter fee
has already been donated the parlor. The
following named have signed the member
ship roil: F. M. McAllister, F. R. Nugent.
G. E. Parker. E. M. Edwards. J. W. An
nis, Edward Grayj J. P. Loveland. J. A.
Kdgar, J. C. Rusher. P. W. Metcalf. J. C.
Fitzpatrick. G C. Schmidt. F. W. Mc-
Clain, J. P. Hale. Arthur Edgar. W. J.
Wilson. W. D. Wooster, C. R. Bryant. J.
E. Kelsey. Frank Hey wood, W. A..Peter
son. C. C. Elmslie. W. H. Graves. Sam
Edgar, II. 13. Gottschall. A. R. Larsen, A.
R. Johnson and C. B. Heywood.
To Organize Native Sons Parlor.
The playmates of the girl have all been
interviewed by the parents, but no In
formation was secured from that source.
Tho child is not large for her age. al
though she looks more than her yenrs.
She is bright and rather attractive. The
parents declare that there was absolutely
no reason for her to leave her home.
"She had her own way in a great meas
ure." said the distracted mother to-day.
"We gave her everything within our
means, and we have always made every
sacrifice for the girl. I am nearly insane
over this affair. I am sure Loretta could
not get far nway. because she did not
have very much money with her.
When Loretta failed to appear that
evening for supper alarm was felt, but it
was not suspected that the girl had left
her home. As the hours rolled by and she
was still missing, the tension upon the
anxious parents was intense. Mrs. Sturm
broke down and her condition, it is feared
will soon become very critical unless the
mieslng daughter is found.
Last Wednesday morning Loretta. went
to her sister's room and took a sealskin
coat and some other smaller articles of
wearing apparel. With her ordinary street
garments the girl departed, saying not a
word to any one in the house.
There had been no jars or domestic dis
turbance to drive her away. The family
relations were particularly pleasant. The
Cirl. had been a little home body, quiet
and retlned. She had no inclinations, so
far as the family is aware, that would
cause her to go astray.
Loretta's disappearance is most mysteri
ous because the parents are unable to
account for her departure from home,
where she had been the pet of the fami
ly The circumstances of her flight do not
give any clew to her possible motive In
leaving.
Loretta Sturm. 14 years old. the daugh
ter of Mr. and Mrs. Henry Sturm, resid
ing at "846 Isabel street, has dropped out
of sight in a mysterious manner. The
child's parents and other relatives, with
scores of friends,' have been searching
fruitlessly for four days to get a trace
of the missing girl. The police have been
equally unsuccessful in their efforts to
locate the absent one.
Parents and the Police Baffled in
Their Anxious Search for a
Fourteen-Year-Old
Child.
Loretta Sturm Disappears
Leaving No Trace
Behind.
MYSTERY IN A
GIRL'S FLIGHT
Last night the Congregation Beth Israel,
on Geary street, listened to a sermon on
"Looking Backward" by Rabbi M. S.
Levy. This morning his subject will be
"Looking Forward." and to-morrow
morning he will discourse on "God's
Love."
At the Congregation Sherith Israel the
sermon this morning by Rabbi Nleto will
be upon the "Day of the Lord." Cantor D.
S. Davis has arranged a fine musical pro
gramme.
This morning at the Bush-street syna
gogue Rabbi Isidore Myers will deliver a
sermon on "Tho Religion of Selfishness,"
and on Tuesday on "Three Cardinal Doc
trines of the Jewish Faith." Special music
will be rendered by an augmented choir,
and the most beautiful prayers In the Jew
ish liturgy will be recited.
The following named soloists will take
part: Miss Daisy Cohen, soprano; ' Mrs.
H. Kelly, contralto; M. Jones, tenor; S.
Homer Henly. basso. Cantor Stark will
sing his anthem "Hallelujah." The an
cient melodies and the Shofar service will
be chanted by the cantor and choir, as
sisted by Organist Wallace Sabin.
Last night there were prayers and short
addresses in all the synagogues. Rabbi
Voorsanger delivered a sermon on the sub
ject "Out of the Depths." This morning
he will preach on another entitled "Unto
the Heights." Gantor Stark, assisted by
a choir of eighteen singers and an orches
tra of twelve pieces, will render an elab
orate musical programme during the ser
vices.
Solemn services in all the Hebrew syn
agogues throughout the city marked the
commencement of Rosh Hashanah, tho
Jewish New Year, which began at sun
down last night. The feast will continue
to-day and conclude to-morrow evening at
dusk and will be celebrated by the Jews
according to the traditions handed down
by their forefathers. The festival occurs
ten days before the Day of Atonement and
is regarded as a season of penitence
rather than of rejoicing.
Solemn Services, Special Sermons and
Fine Musical Programmes Mark
Its Observance in All the
Synagogues.
Celebration of the Jewish
New Year Is Now in
Progress.
THE FEAST OF
ROSH HASHANAH
The first book ever printed in Switzer
land bears the date of 1470.
Well-Known Men on tHe
Programme.
OAKLAND. Sept. 23.-The first of the
Reliance Club's winter boxing entertain
ments will be eiven in the club gymnasium
next Tuesday evening. Three ten-round
contests hive been arranged between well
known men. The main go will be between
Charles Thurston of the San Francisco
Atliletfc Club and Henry Lewis of San
Francisco. Both men are clever boxers
and hard hitters. They will weigh in at
145 pounds. "Doc" Flynn of San Francisco
and Ben Hart will box for a decision at
135 pounds. Flynn and Hart are evenly
matched and are expected to put up a
hard light. Jack Capeliss and Tom Her
man, 122-pound men. will a!so go ten
rounds. There will be the usual prelimi
naries and tryouts between aspiring young
BOXING NIGHT AT
TEE RELIANCE CLUB
Three Ten-Hound Contests Between
OAKLAND. Sept. 23.— Mrs. Sarah R.
S.'U.fier died last night at .her horne. Moss
.. corner of Broadway and Moss ave
i ue. She was well known in this city for
. ¦ r charitable works. She was a native
• ¦ '••!• raine. Mas?.. Ti years of afire. Mrs.
Fhafter Staves flve children, Mrs. Emma
Shafter Howard. Mrs. John R. Orr. Mrs.
i Goodrich. Miss Bertha Shafter,
*l[<-fs Bra Shafter. The funeral will be
i Monday afternoon at % o'clock from
• ...<!. T\:" Interment will be private.
« ? ¦
More living fish are so'.d in Berlin than
¦ any other market in the world.
Death of Mrs. Mary Shafter.
"Distilled water and olive oil. one used
internally, the other externally, are my
applied to the top of his head, restored tho
hair so that now there is a Mowing shock,
covered by an enlarged hat. It is his
purpose to give a public lecture soon on
"How Xot to Grow Old and How to Uv«
Long." Mr. Bennett will give the lecture
as a matter of self-protection, for of late
he has been postered by hundreds of tirj
aped aad infirm who want to get instruc
tion first-hand in the matter of the use
of "Dr. Sanford Bennett's Youth Re
storer."
It is Mr. Bennett's theory that old ape
and iil health are caused by the collection
in the arteries nr.'i about the joints of
lime • and clay sediments contained in
drinking water. This mineral coating. h2
believes, interrupts the proper circulation
of the blood, prevents the necessary irri
gation of the skin, produces stlffuess o"
the joints and dulls me action of tho
brain.
elixirs of youth," declared Mr. Bennett.
"They will counteract the decaying con
ditions in the body. You must drink large
quantities of distilled water and rub your
self with " pure California olive' oil, and
take a moderate amount of exercise. Thai
is the secret which my friends have so
long wished to learn..
"A man of my age oupht to be sounci,
but how many are there who will keep
in prime condition? There isn't a bit of
doubt that my elixirs are conducive to
longevity. I ought to live to be more
than 100 years old. Why, ten years ago
I could not read without glasses. To-day
I can read the smallest print without arti
ficial aid of any kind.
' "The trouble about exercising: is that
most people do too mucft. They don't
train, they strain. Walking half an hour
a day and mild calisthenics will give you
all the necessary exercise. But don't tor
got the true elixirs if you want perpet
ually bloomlnj? youth."
PORTRAIT AXD- ILLUSTRATION OF MUSCULAR DEVELOPMENT OF
SANFORD BENNETT. WHO SAYS THAT CALIFORNIA OLIVE OIL
AND DISTILLED WATER WILL INSURE LASTING YOUTH.
OAKLAND. Sept. 23.— Rev. E. R. Dille.
pastor of the First Methodist Church, is
attending the Oregon State Methodist
conference.
Rev. George XV. Sweeney preached to
day at the First Christian Church. West
ar.d Twelfth streets.
Captain cf Police \V. J. Peterson gave
a discourse this evening at Union-Street
Presbyterian Church, his topic being
"Crime and Its Consequences."
Rev. William Scudder Jr. of Alameda
preached to-day at Ward Memorial
Church.
A collection for the Galve=ton relief
fund was taken this morning at Trinity
Episcopal Church.
Rev. Eli McCllsh of San Jose occupied
the pulpit of the First Methodist Church
to-day.
.Earl S. Bingham. State secretary of the
Sunday-school Association, conducted
services this evening at Centennial Pres
byterian Church.
Rev. Bradford Leavitt of San Francisco
occupied the pulpit to-day at the Firat
Unitarian Church.
Rc-v. E. S. Chapman, State puperin
tendent of the Anti-Saloon League, gave
an address this afternoon at the men's
Y. M. C. A. meeting. The subject was
"Superb Manliness."
SABBATH "WORSHIP
IN OAKLAND CHURCHES
Captain of Polics Delivers an Ad
dress on Crime r.nd Its
Conseouences.
Prominent Men to "Work for the Ad
vancement of Berkeley's Com
mercial Interests.
BERKELEY. Sept. 23.— At a citizens*
meeting held last evening a private cor
poration, to be known as "The Berkeley
Board of Trade," was formed and direct
ors elected. The board was organized for
the purpose of advancing the business in
terests of this city. Any citizen of Berke
ley is eligible to membership. \V. H.
Waste was c!«?cte.d president and the fol
lov.-inp named directors for the coming
year: J. U Barker, H. C. Barrow. W. H.
Marston, J. J. Mason. B. E. Underwood,
D. H. Brun? and Philip Monroe.
The Board of Trade will take hold of the
furniture factory proposition for West
Berkeley and will see that the $1000 still
lacking on the bonus is raised. For this
purpose and to pet the citizens to take a.
livelier interest in town affairs a mass
meeting has been callo'l for Tuesday even-
Ing in the Berkeley Opera-house.
CITIZENS ORGANIZE
A BOARD OF TRADE
ALAMEDA, Sept. 23.— Sanford Ben
nett, secretary of the Dunham,
Carrigan & Hayden Company of
San Francisco, and one of tho
Enclnal City's wealthiest and best
citizens, has discovered, so he declares,
the way to secure lasting youth. As evi
dence of the worth of his find. Mr. Ben
nett offers his magnificently preserved
physique, his clear eye and his muscular
development.
The articles which have accomplished
so much for this experiment are distilled
water and olive oil.
Mr. Bennett has decided to let the world
know how he has made use of his secret
and has actually, he believes, found that
which Ponce de Leon searched In vain for
centuries ago.
Mr. Bennett is 52 years old. Hia ap
pearance is that of a man of 22 years.
He has builded hopes of reaching 108 years
before he dies. A few years ago the dis
coverer of the vehicles of perpetual youth
was as bald as a billiard ball. The oil.
ed to the doors with friends and ac
quaintances of Father Brockhage. Many
were former schoolmates of. ..he young
clergyman. .
Father Brockhasre A'as celebrant of the
high mass. Father James Heverin as
sisted as deacon and "Father Harvey as
sub'/leucon. The master of ceremonies
was" Rev. Thomas McSweeney, pastor of
St. Francis de Sales, who preached the
sermon. Father McSweeney's discourse
was on scriptural lines appropriate to the
occaslMt.
Rev. Father Harvev, who assisted as
sub-deacon, was also ordained yesterday
by Archbishop Riordai..
Among the priests Aho occupied seats
In the sanctuary were Rev. Thomas Mc-
Sweeney, Rev. J. A. Cull. Rev. J. A. But
ler, Rev. T. O'Connor, Rev. K. Xolan and
Rev. J. J. Crar.well. Brother Vivian,
president of St. Patrick's Seminary at
Menlo Park, was also present within the
altar rail.
Church Edifice Crowded With Friends
and Acquaintances of the
Newly Ordained Cler
gyman.
•
Oakland Office Ban Francisco Call.
1118 Broadway, Sept. 23.
Rev. "William Brwckhage, who yenterday
morning at St. Maryn Cathedral, San
Francisco, was with solemn ceremony or
dained a priest by Archbishop Riordan.
celebrated his first mass this morning at
10:£0 o'clock at St. Francis de Sales
Church in this city. The young priest
enjoyed the pleasure of celebrating his
tirst mass from the altar on which no
served for many years as an acolyte and
where he was first prompted to seek his
priestly oliice.
St. Francis de Sales Church was crowd-
FIRST MASS BY
A YOUNG PRIEST
Rev. W. Brockhage Cele
brant at St. Frauds
de Sales.
Defies Time With Olive Oil and Dis
tilled Water as Allies.
DISCOVERS THE SECRET
OF MAINTAINING YOUTH
Festival Will Be Inaugurated by
Free Distribution of Fruit to
Poor Children of
City.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
HIS Broadway, Sept. 23.
The Salvation Army of this city is mak
ing active preparations for a "Harvest
Festival" to be held from September 2i)
to October 2. The celebration is intendei
as a special expression of gratitude for
the successful crops of the year. On t he
first day of the feast there will be a frto
distribution of fruit for poor children at
the Salvation Army Hall. 523 Ninth street.
Enough fresh fruit for one thousand
children will be provided.
This part of the festival was planned by
Staff Captain Crawford, who suggested
that the poor children of the city be given
ail the fruit they could eat at least on one
day of the year. Donations of poultry,
garden produce, fruit and groceries Will
be welcomed at the army Headquarters.
There will be special services in the nail
on next Saturday evening. "A Saved
Drunkards' Demonstration" will be thr
principal feature. The programme for
the other days of the festival is as fol
lows:
Sunday. 9 a. m.. knee drill: 11 a. m..
holiness meeting; 3 p. m., united praise
Bervice at Mills Taberruick •; 8 p. m.. sal
vation tornado.
Monday from 2 to 10 p. m.. Harvest Fes
tival exhibition and ta:e of articles in
Mills Tabernacle.
The proceeds of the festival will be ap
plied to the local work of the army. The
celebration will close on Tuesday evening
v.lth a "harvest home" street parade and
entertainment in the tabernacle.
Three Days' Celebration by
Members of Oakland
Division.
SALVATION ARMY
HARVEST FEAST
While poir.g home early this morning
lenders Stevens, manager of the Dewey
Theater, was attacked at Broadway and
Fourteenth street by two men. one of
"tvhom struck him a powerful blow on the
face at the point of the jaw. staggering
Ft evens and nearly kr.ockii-.g him insensi
ble. He managed to collect himself in
time to draw a pistol and to beat down
his assailant with a half-dozen blows on
the face with the clubbed weapon. Ste
vens was giving attention to the second
ir.an when the rirst one recovered himself
and fled, leaving a irc.il of blood as far as
\he narrow gauge depot.
Stever.s held the other captured man and
took' him to tho City Prison. The prisoner
»ai locked up in the tanks and registered
en the "detinue book" pending a police ln
i estimation of the case.
The prisoner paid his name was Albert
I^arrabee. While denying that he had any
hand in the assault the prisoner admitted
that be knew the name, cf the man who
2. ad attacked Stevens, saying it was Pow
"it was the ha-r^cpt battle I ever had."
er.ld Stevens to-day, while nursing a se
* erely cut hand and a badly swollen jaw
£s the result of the encounter. "I was
uruek from behind so suddenly that 1 did
not r«»ai!z«? for half a minute what had
<¦¦'•¦- urred. As soon as I could collect my
cesses I pulled my pistol ar.d grabbed it
I > the barrel. Then 1 hammered my big
:..-.-;aiiar!t as hard as I could.
¦'H<> must have l>*>t-n badly hurt, for he
dropped to the sid* walk like a shot. While
I was fighting the other man. whom I cap
tured, the big fellow recovered himseif
B r.<i ran. I did not want to take a chance
< t killing him, so I did not fire.
purpose of the attack was to rob
rae of tte receipts at the theater, which
h.i\e \ een in the habit of carrying home
.-•:¦ r tlt< show is over. To-night, very for
" • • . - 1 deposited the cash box with
¦ [pts in the. 5afe of a friend. I do
it know why 1 departed from my cus
• m in this r«'card. but doing so to-nipht
paved mo several hundred dollars. The
i ttack was made by people who knew my
habits beyond any doubt, and they
thought 1 would he easy to handle." -
Larrabee has told such contradictory
¦ ries of the trouble that the police will
: .:'.\i.f a very thorough inquiry into the
tter. He claimed, this morning that
.-•¦ v*-r.s was mistaken for another man
¦ ho had trouble with himself and the
j Etertom "Powers" early that night.
. • i they wanted revenue.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
111S Broadway. Sept. 23.
ATTACKED BY
TWO RUFFIANS
1
Landers Stevens, Assaulted,
Uses His Revolver as
a Club.
Battle in the Early Morn Ends in
Actor's Capturing One of
His Alleged Assail
ants.
Before the Presidential election of 1SP2
another important political issue had
made its advent Into the field of serious
political discussion. The silver question
ha* been referred to as holding political
attention since a few years after the
dropping of the sllv«r dollar in 1*73. Only
paper money was then In actual circula
tion, as was also the case five years later,
when the IJland-Allison law was passed
for the coinage of standard silver dollars
at a fixed rate per month. On the resump
tion of specie payments In 1S79 both gold
and silver returned to circulation and
both were legal tender for all debts. Sil
ver was coined in limited quantities — from
J2.000.0oo to &MO,M0 each month. The bul
lion for the purpose was purchased by the
I'nited States Treasury and the dollar*
were coined on Government account.
Prior to this time the silver question hail
not been made strictly a party issue. Both
parties proftssed to desire to place the
silver dollar upim the same tasis as tho
gold dollar, and to this end the Federal
Government sought the co-operaton of
European nations for the establishment
of international bimetallism. The attempt
proved a failure. The states of Kurope
would not give their consent to the bi
metallic experiment. One after another
they discarded silver and established, the
single gold standard.
Meantime a sentiment in favor of an
entirely free and unlimited coinage of the
silver dollar was becoming insistent in the
United States. This sentiment wa.>
especially strong in the newly admitted
Rocky Mountain States, where the min
ing of silver was a leading industry.
The floods of campaign oratory with
which the country was inundated In 18SS
in defense of the Republican principle of
protection developed the doctrine that all
American industries should share in the
fostering care of the paternal Govern
ment. The McKinley bill was an effort
to embody the prevailing sentiment of
the Republican campaign, and its authors
did not step with placing duties on im
ported goods. When convinced that it
would be politic to remove the duty upon
imported sugar they made provision for
reimbursing the American producers of
sugar for their loss of the additional price
which the duty hud created by presenting
them with a bounty to be paid out of the
Federal treasury. What could be more
natural than for the owners of silver
mines to desire to share in such liberality
of a generous government? The Con
gress which passed the new tariff law was
sensitive to indications of such aspira
tion?, and with prompt responsiveness
passed a statute providing for the pur
chase by th<? l*nite<l States of all silver
produced by American mines. As first
introduced the bill contained provisions
for the free and unlimited coinage of sil
ver into dollars having full legal tender,
but before its passage the bill wan so
modified as to require only the purchase
by the Government of 4.5uO.0<iO ounces of
silver a month (the whole of the output
of American <"ilv«>r mines at that time>.
Instead of obliging the Government to
coin the purchased bullion into dollars,
the amended law permitted the Issue of
silver certificates, which were made full
legal tender and became part of the cur
rent money of th« republic.
The tariff legislation of Harrison's term
was of a strictly partisan character, and
was uniformly opposed by all the Dem
ocrats. With the silver legislation It was
far otherwise. To that the most persis
tent opposition came from within tna Re
publican party. Republicans also gave
it strong support, particularly those from
the mining States, and a very large pro
portion of the Democrats favored it.
Party lines were curiously obscured.
Great outcry had been mad© against th«
Republicans for their demonetization of
silver, and Republican Presidents had al
ways stood in the way of the restoration,
of free coinage. At the same time both
parties adopted platforms which professed
to desire the continued use of silver on
an equality with gold. And all the time
there were In each party a few professed
gold monometalllsts. along -with others
who leaned less decidedly in the same di
rection. In general It appeared that those
Democrats who were most pronounced
free traders were also in favor of th«
single gold standard. JESSE MACI.
Iowa College.
The Currency.
revolution In respect to party ascendency.
The McKlnley bill became Inw, but th*
members of that Congress which passed t
were speedily called to judgment by tht>
voters. The next House of Representa
tives was overwhelmingly Democratic,
and as rapidly as regular processes per
mitted, the Senate and Presidency fol
lowed.
When the McKlnley law went Into oper
ation in October, 1.S90. the country was up
on the high tide of commercial prosperity,
and that comfortable condition lasteu
throughout Harrison's administration,
laborers were employed at remunerative
wages; business made ample returns; tho
general range of prices was satisfactory 1 !
and the future outlook was favorable. la
accordance with time honored custom the
party at the moment in power laid claim
to the credit f-tr the prosperous state of
affairs, and tho financial and Indusriai
policy of the Harrison Government was
glorified and exalted as having wrought
the marvel.
Naturally, the new Democratic Housn
elected In 1S90 felt that they had been
chosen and commissioned for the express
purpose of attacking the new tariff law.
and measures were introduce! for chang
ing some of the Items of the Republican
tariff, such as duties upon, raw material*
—wool in particular.
fl/YlE«ICAN POLITICAL PARTIES.
VVTTT
The Civil Service.
President Cleveland found the task of
eatlBfylnjf those who had elected him to
the Presidency a difficult one. The "mug
wump" contingent among his supporters
expected him to adhere to the cause oi
civil service reform and refuse to make
removals from office for partisan reasons.
On the other hand the Democrats, after
a quarter of a century of exclusion from
any share in the Government patronage,
came In large numbers to demand what
they deemed their rights. An angel from
heaven, guided by celestial wisdom, could
rot have gratified both factions; neither
did Cleveland, though he made the at
tempt. Civil service reform was advanced,
though lesa rapidly than its advocates
had hoped, and partisan removals wen
made that Democratic office seekers might
be Installed, so that In course of the
Presidential term Republicans were very
generally "weeded out" of the ctticea not
Included under civil service rules.
The Tariff in tte Campaign of 1888.
The most important acts of Cleveland's
first administration were those bearing
upon the tariff. The annual message pre-
K«-nted to the Fiftieth Congress In Decem
ber 1SS7. dealt solely with the subject of
tariff reform. The next election was al
ready in sight. Cleveland and Blalne were
txpected again to contest the. Presidency
before the country, and an issue must be
determined upon. The message of 1SS7
made that issue tariff reform, and tho
Republicans readily took up the gag^ thus
thrown down. They had been fortunate in
previous campaigns In their use of ques
tions of finance, and they were sanguine
of success once more in a tariff contest.
Republicans therefore squared themselves
to fight the election of 1SSS on that line.
Mr. Blaine published a newspaper mes
sage setting forth the Republican doc
trine of protection, while the Democrats
endeavored to tolidify their forces for ef
fective service by making the acceptance
of the administration tariff measures the
essential prerequisite for the bestowal or
official favors.
After the smoke of battle had cleared
away the Republicans found that their ad
vocacy of the party views of tariff ques
tions,"with even an intensified emphas s of
the element of protection, had given them
not only the Presidency but the control
of both houses of Congress. They felt
themselves therefore under obligations to
promote legislation in favor of tariff re
form in the direction of further protection
to American industries.
The McKinley Bill.
Three months of genuine debate within
the party over the proposed tariff legisla
tion worked a most sudden and sweeping
The second Harrison entered the "White
House in March, 1SS3, and the new Repub
lican tariff law did not take effect until
more than a year and a half later. The
McKlnley bill v.as drawn to embody the
views of the party leaders which had been
developed in the opposition to the position
set forth in the Cleveland message of
1SS7. It was in effect a considerable ex
tension of the protective system. Con
gress debated the bill at tedious length,
and it received an unusual amount of at
tention from the general public. Demo
crats strenuously resisted the measure,
and unexpected opposition appeared
among Republicans themselves.
The campaign discussion of the tariff
issue had been very far from a fair and
candid consideration of the actual merits
of the opposing policies. The appeal had
been rather to prejudice and passion than
to the intelligence of the voter. Repub
lican orators accused the Democrats of
aimir.g at absolute free trade, of favor
ing a dangerous, revolutionary and un-
Ainerican' policy imported from England
and in which British capitalists and man
ufacturers took a deep personal interest.
Democratic sneakers arraigned their op
ponents in their turn as being of deliber
ate choice committed to a course of sys
tematic robbery of the people under the
deceptive guise of protection to American
industries. No truly educative treatment
of the tariff question which effectively
reached the rank and file of the voting
population had taken place until Repub
licans themselves, both In Congress and
throughout the country, engaged in a dis
cussion of the McKinley bill. Then, for
the first time, the Republican voter gain
ed insight into the true character of the
war tariff, which was for the most part
still In force. He began to realize his
burden of daily taxation for the support
of a war ended nearly a quarter of a cen
tury before. The newspapers, by their
long and persistent presentation, day
after day and week after week, of the
arguments advanced in Congress for and
against the bill, with comments thereon,
according to their own light and leading,
did able service for the education of the
people In economic principles. The Re
publicans of the North-west read with
careful study the detailed discussions
given in their own Republican papers of
the effects of the existing duties upon ar
ticles of daily consumption. The criti
cisms from the pens of party leaders still
in good party standing upon the absurd
ities of certain of the existing forms of
taxation saddled upon the country
through the accidents of war and still
continued when the need was long past
appealed to their reason and business
sense, and prepared for the high-tariff
advocates such a surprise as they were
not soon able to forcet.
TERMS OF CLEVELAND AND HARRISON.
Copyright, 1000, by Seymour Eaton.
THE CALL'S
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
ALAMEDA NEWS OF THE BAY CITIES OAKLAND NEWS OF THE BAY CITIES BERKELEY
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 24. 1300.
THE LATE EDWARD I. HOL
UAJO>. WHO DIED AT SEA OX
THE STEAMER ST. PAUI*.
Every German cavalry regiment is now
supplied with two boats made of water
prooft canvas, which, when not In use.
can be folded up. Each boat will carry
from six to eight men and the two boats
bound together form a raft capable of
hourins (mm '2TJVI in S700 uuin/la
7
STATE/WENT
—or the—
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
— CF THE—
UNION
INSURANCE COMPANY
I > F PHILADELPHIA. IN THE STATE OF
*•* Pennsylvania., on the Z\rx. day of Decem-
ber. A. D. Ib5>.'. and for the year endlne on
I mat <Jay. as made to the Insurance Oommls-
1 f.oner of the State of California. Pursuant to
tfc« Previsions of Sections €19 and €11 ol the
T'cWWc-aX Cf>de. condensed as per blank fur-
7.:thtd by the Commlyyinner:
CAPITAL.
of Capital Stock, paid up In
Cash J200.000 00
AFPETS.
TVa! TCytate i-.wrwvl by <"ompany flSO.ooo 00
1. .'.1- '.n P,-m'i« «nd Mortgagees 8,i»00 00
<'a«-h llarket Value of a!l Stocks and
Boada owned by Company 321,141 73
<"'a>h in Company's OfSVe 1.43C 22
Cub in liar.ke 23.S12 64
Jr.tere^t <l"-e and accrued on all Stocks
and Loans 241 6S
jriereyt due and accrued on Bonds and
Mortgages 130 00
Picraiums in due Coun»» of cv>i!ectlcn. E2.2T5 70
Bills receivable, not Matured, taken
for F"ire and Marine Risk? 1.120 82
I we from HanacTs et San Francisco. 10,513 87
J/Uf- from iwi^tual Insurance on
buildin* 742 50
TctaJ Assets *3«1.334 IS
LIABILITIES.
L">M*>* adjusted and unpaid JlO.ftl 55
I>-*!«e« in process of Adjustment cr In
Suspeni* 26.478 66
Orr<ps premium* on Fire Rlnka run-
nir.p one yar or I<»«s. J1SS74S S2; re-
insurance DO per cent '. 54,374 91
Gross premium* on Tire rtlfks running
more than one year. J1S7.SS6 IS; re-
Insurance pro rata 102. C24 87
Amount r*-c!aimablp hy the Insured on
perpetual fir*- insurance policies 33,592 54
AH oth'-r demands against the Ccm-
j-any 12.C31 15
Total Liabilities tm.m 68
INCOME. '
Net cash actually received for Fire
premiums 1209,678 82
Received for interert on Bonds and
Mcrtpages 532 50
li.ri ived for intereyt and dividends on
B B6c Stock*. Loans end from ail
>-.thtr Mtirr-f 17.2«r. 73
Received *«"" Kenta 2.S>07 1,4
Total Income 1^0.464 61
HXPHNDITI "RES.
N<t Eir.^ur.t paid for Fire Losses <ln-
«-!nd'»>ir *34 V(p " 44 losses of previous
vearr) .. ...' HM.«» 40
TJividends tn Stockholders .< U.O00 00
I'Bid or allowed fcr Commission or
i(--k>-raK<' £2.046 34
J ;, :-1 f».r Salaries, Fees and other
dlUS*a lot officer?. Clerk*, etc 29,43188
lT.td for Stat». National and Local
T^xt-f '.£15 S8
All cther'pitynierits and expenditures.. 54.W«0 39
Total Expenditure* ..>3:s.C.a 57
!>**<¦« incurred during the year. flre..HS*.91S El
Risks and. Premiums. ! Fire Risk*. Premiums.
Ktt RTnr.ynt of Risk*.'
written durir.R the!
vear I J30.E90,K8 J318.3SS 76
tit* ejnount of H:*k*|
fXVlied during the!
; enr .. t1.tn.tB> M4.2T; 59
" ¦•• rznnunt In force! [
Twrrrher 21. 1S3» 1 rr.TT.9.095 ) ISt.iM 10
C. R. HGLLINS-IinAD. President.
E. H. DAXXKLS, Secretary.
2uT>*crlb*-d ar.d rwcra to before me, this 20th
dcy of January, l^CO.
MA.NLON U. TOUNG, Notary Public
> PACIFIC COAST DEP'T,
510 California Stf.
T. EDWARD POPE, Manager.
H. W. OSBOBN, Assistant Manager.
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
PENNSYLVANIA FIRE
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF PHILADELPHIA. IX THE STATE OF
Pennsylvania, on the sist day of Decem-
ber. A. D. 1S09, and fcr the year ending on
that day, as made to the Insurance Comml."-
the Provisions of Sections 610 and fill of the
Political Code, condensed as per blank fur-
nished by the Commissioner: ,
CAPITAL.
Amcnupt of Capital Stock, paid up In
Ca*f J400.000 m
ASSETS.
n«>ftl Estate ownM by Company $222.f,00 00
Loan* on Bonds and Mortftages 71S.900 69
Ca*h Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company 3,513,050 00
Amount of I/oans secured by pledge
of Hono>. Stocks and other market-
able B^euritfes as collateral 169.9no 00
Cash In Company's Office 4,463 23
Ca*h In Hanks 159,193 04
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 3.1M 90
• Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages S.212 54
Premiums In due Course of Collec-
tion 272,5,50 M
Total Assets J5.175.306 21
LIABILITIES. ~~
Lotseg adjusted and unpaid I1S.6&6 47
L"s.%e« in process of Adjustment or
in Susjicnse lM.-'M S5
Losses resisted. Including expenses.. S.G63 76
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or lea*. 11,520,209 4S;
reinsurance 50 per cent 760,104 74
Groei premiums on Fire Risk* run-
ning more than one vear. J1.4-.*..-
942 *>T: reinsurance pro rata 736,122 66
Amount reclalmabie by the Insured
on perpetual fire Insurance policies 840,018 57
All other demands against the Com-
pany 4.000 00
Total Liabilities 12,533. 160 95
INCOME
Net cash actually received for Fire
premiums SL64S.619 «6
Received for Interest on Bonds and
Mortgages 40,243 17
Received for interest and dividends
on Bonds. Stocks. Loans and from
all other siruroes 1S0.SS4 14
Received for Rents 8.170 S«
Total Income tl.S7T.3SS 13
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Fire Losses $1.2r>.E28 70
Dividends to Stockholders 100,000 00
]'nM or allowed for Commission or
Urokerape 366.463 65
Pa'd for Salaries. Fees and other
charges for officer*, clerks, etc 93,000 00
Paid for State, National and Local
Taxes 71.224 C5
All other payments and expenditures S5/i24 11
Total Expenditures $1,942,1-11 11
Ix:*«eB incurred during the year.
Fire Jl.231.159 51
Risks and Premiums. jFlre Rlska. Premiums.
Net amount of Rlsks|
written during the
year t215.S31.929 J2.106.9S8 S«
Net amount of Risks'
expired during thel
year I 2O7,479,9S1 1,967.731 4 S
Net amount In force
December 31. 1833 234.CS5.ei4 3,OO«,132 35
R. DALE BENFON. President.
\S'. GARDNER CROWELL. Secretary.
Subscribed and swern to before me. this 17th
day of Januaty. 19C0. THOS. J. HUNT.
Commissioner for California at Philadelphia.
PACIFIC COAST DEP'T,
510 California St.
T. EDWARD POPE, Manager.
B. W. OSBOBN, Assistant Manager.
Rat coursing Is betntr revived to torn*
Darta ol Uie iwrUi ot En jland.
England has one clergryman to every
CIA noAnJa! Truiann atia to avurv 12~QlTHE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 24, 1900.
8
«A\ FRAXCISCO CALL.
B--_NE8S OFFICE of The Ean FraacUo©
rell. rom er of Market and Third streets, open
rrtil 12 o'clock war night in the year.
HRANTII OFFICES— Dr7 Montgomery street
crm<-r '"^ay: open until 8:S0 p. m.
BOO Hayf>s etreet; open until 3:30 p. m.
C?-9 McAllister etreet: cpen until S:20 p. n_
CTS Larkin street: cpen until 9:30 p. m.
3T41 Mi^r'.nn street; open until 10 p. m.
~61 Market etreet, comer Sixteen—}; cpen
ur.tll 9 p. m.
:r* Eleventh t<re<?t: open until • p. in.
1K>« Valencia street; open until 9 p. — i.
NOTt_~Mt comer Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky BtrfK>tf ; ci*n until 9 p. m.
MEETING SOTICES.
GOLDE3C GATE Onnnr.^ry No. 16,
K. T.. Goldea Gate building. C2Z Putter *__*
ft.-Fj.eolal _-Kmbij> THIS EVENING JTJ
et S o'clock. The orders of the Temple »2?
a::d Malta wi:i t>» conferred. All fra.-
l«-rs are courteously Invited.
RORRRT MrMILLAK, Em. Coin.
WM. T. FONDA. Recorder.
BAN FTtAN~ISCO Cbppt»>r No. 1. Rot si __Jk
vi .:. -.-. me ¦- THIS }:vi-;ning. TS 5f
Ifcfret! 4. /V>
i-x-CU'ENTAL Lodge Xo. 12. F. and A. _
M.— THIS (MONDAY* EVEXI.VO at _Jfk
':¥: f'c!iKk. Second degree. Uy crder *_f 2?
Cf tiie \V. M. f\/^
WALTER G. ANDERPON, Pecirtary.
KING SOLOMON'S Lodge Xo. 2C0. F. _
_nd A. IT. Franklin Hall. Fill— lore St.. _JV_
lif-t«wr. Rush end Putter. Second de- _P _f
gree THIS EVENING at 7:30. r*f\
HEMtT BAEHB, Beer etary.
NOTICE. M. E. E. A. Xo. S»— Nominations for
officers vfll be rr.ade TTEKDAY September
25 S p. m. EI>. MX.-RPHY. President.
WM. WARIX, Secretary.
ANNUAL meeting— The regular annual meeting
of the stockholders of the FerndaJe Petroleum.
Oil ar.d nevel'ip— lent Company will be held
at the office of the company. 212 Pansome et.. !
rtraa 2i. second flocr. Ean Francisco, Cal.. on
MONDAY, the l?t day of October. 1500, for I
the purpose cf electing a board of directors
to fene for the er.?-jlng year and the transac-
tion of fuoh ether business as n-.ay oome b«-
foie the n-.eet:r.g. CHAS. H. CUSHING. Sec.
AGEXTS WANTED.
J3 TO J50 <5ai;y mn.le by our Live Agents,
Tn^ti ct women, selling cur latest novelty,
csTraipn waterproof r.ecktles; foods entirely
r.c- ar.l painted; «.g»r.ts delighted; 6ales uii- |
liir.Jtei: vhat ctlie— : do you can do; writ- to-
-:*v; secure exclusive territory; guaranteed !
b»Ft s»n«r. A<Mt— !«•, with stamp M & M.
MAXFG. CO.. P-pt. C. Springfield. Mass.
AGENTS of ability and experience lnlifa lneur-
«-fice. Ca'.l at room 1C1. »?7 Market, cor. Sixth.
VE handle re— -ept novelties for agents PA-
(IFIC AGENTS' SUPPLY CO.. »461 ISth «t
' A3PHA-.TCM ROOFING.
3. rELTIER. csr-halt roofing, sidewalks: cellar
rWv* laH. repair—I: r^wtal. 71S6 Mlsy<on Bt.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
R. W. KING, attorney at law. 927 Market et,
rot-rn CZ~ ; cstatps, damans, attachments
bankruptcy, collection**; all cases; lair reef; 1
r.o advance charge.; money loaned on estates, j
ADVICE fre*: divorce law a specialty; private;
no fe» v.ithout suco-ss: collections. G. W. !
HOWE, etry at law. iM> Market. cor.Stockton. j
FREE advice; divcrceJaws, damapes. estates, !
collection;'. J. A. Mitchell. S14 Montgomery, j
AHVICE fr»»e: no charge unless successful. W j
V.". Davidson. J>_T Market St.. oiip. Mason. |
3. P. CLARK. Emrr.a Fpreokels bldp.. 927 Mar- ]
i • ' ?t.; consultation free; no fees in advance. ;
• :::::. HERMAN" J., attorney. «r7 Market '
ft . r _S: ni«>n eve.. T-S<: consultation free. I
ASTROLOGY.
MME. HlfKEV. aFtroloRi«t; card reafiinjr and !
palmtot— . C.V: horoscope* cast. 1933iMlss'.on. ;
HATH t'AHIXETS.
KOBHVSON J.', 4-panel foMing;: door opens; firm i
»rid sa>. \V. P. HII'.WX. gen, ast. 428 Ellis. |
Illll.fillV I!.\l(l>.
ri FT Y mature d^es and fifty half-crown Bel- '
trian har.-s for sale; must be pold In lump at 1
r.n-.f-. .tn-311. »ox 4f j ;3. Call office. j
BOARDING FOR CHILDREN.
¦WANTED— Little cirl or bey to room and '
I'-ard: romp-p- for lady; terms reasonable. ¦
'; x "44. ¦•r.ll Office. !
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A- *TjO: nEFTAtHAXT, 2 blocks "north~~of i
Chronicle biiiiding: lij-Ft-cIass prices; rent
f3.".; r.wiier'wijhef! to sell on account of other '
»vj5in«<= engagements. Call R. G. WILKE, ;
: . Ktarny Ft.
A H.-; CnOPHOCSE: close to City Hall; tent !
53": daily receipts 125.
A %Vf bakery; 1 block from Call building; i
daily receipts t%>; only store trade. Sec R. I
'".. WILKE, 26V» Krarny st.
¦A-II200: BJULOOBf with !0 furnished rooms.
«-!ope to Rrw Hall of Justice: placf established
many y*_rs= and doing a g<x>d business; owner
enKapi-d otherwise cause cf Hale. Call R. O. !
V. !1,KK. l<;^ Kearny st.
A— 8 J__OOM with 9 furnished rooms; rent J10; ;
I'lact doing: a trood business; in neighborhood i
• f warehouses and factories; com— lercial
luni-h from 11 tn 1 o'clock; a rare caance.
_fa!t R. <:. WILKE. 26^ Kearny Et.
A— tW.-O; SALOON; established many years: I
b— If a block north or Maran and Market:
rf-r.t ST.%; a rirst-riass. paying place; partners ;
rsTi't apn*e cause of sale. See R. G. WILKE, '
¦-" '_ Kearny tt.
A— 41000: OOKKEE saloon doing an average ;
business of $40 |K;r day; rent $75: place lo-
cat.-d rt-ar Hal! of Justice, on Kearny el.. ;
and will double rr-ceipts in short time. Call
U. <; BTILKB. :6Vl_K* arn . v et.
A -$".v ¦'•: OORXER grocery and bar; choicest
I oration in the Mission; rent $25; 4 living
T<x-.ms; place established years: owner, a ¦
¦ritfow, wants to retire. Call R. G. WILKE, :
IV* Krarny st.
A — •'••HNEIt cigar Ftore on Kearny et. : clear- I
Ins-bove $;5<j ptr — ituth. Call It G. WILKE :
-t; : * Kear&y *t. * j
A — — TRIP TO EL' ROPE - I
BAKERS DON'T MISS THIS •
FIS.008 n«-t . ash in G years; home bakery, coffee ¦
i_ulur. htr»1me— oentex of P. F. ; all counter '.
trado; $£VK>; double your money In IS months; j
don't fall to st*; tny ager.ts. KREDO & L>UT- i
v TQX. M Geary Bt.
A-FAV. KISHEK & CO.. have you lodging- '
Ji.'us»s? Yft>; what iTio<-? $300 up. any loca- i
tiiia det-ire<i: 12 rooms, 40O0; 10 rooms. $450- 10 :
rooms, new, $WO, fine; Xt rooms, barpain JTW: :
27 rooms. 1?%v, enap; al! sizes, all prtcea, ?.!1 i
tUfwr t-: ¦.-.-.-; (all *nd eee us. J032 Marl:- t. ¦
"WE have largest list of ealoons. hotels, gr->- I
< -»rif>s. i-isar *?ore*. fta. In the city. Call !
HJHWKINHARD _ <JO. SIT Market Bt. be-!
t»v».-n Fifth ar.d Sixth: telephone Mint 1311. i
JJ-'-u- KESTAI.'RANT; near city: must s*U ac- •'
• rur.t d<-parrure; 60 regular boarders; part i
t-si-h if <lf-y;red. McLau&hlin & Co.. 777 l ,4 Mkt. I
~~— BACaUFICE: clear, etattonery ft ore: re- \
Dripta averagf $10 day: 3 rooms: rent $U: sick, i
n<-*-.B cau*e sale. SKIFF. 30S Montgomery st. '
ACTTVJ5 business man of Integrity, v.-ith mod- !
crate nif-ani'. for an interest In established
rr iiiing and rt-al estate brokerage buslnetx; •
office in Sine building: growing business needs j
more help; state proper name and references '
to Becure attention. Box 4477, Call office.
COMI2IN1* and tave expenses; reputable brok-
erage fine Mill furnish ofllc*. tine building, ;
"and «-nnducV business for Jimitfd number cor- '
J".rat!orifi or ager-ciey; J25 — i;inth upward each. •
A<l<Ir»*s« live days box 447C. Call office. * '
FOR SALE-Klondyko Oyster House; money j
maki-r; «-aus» sit kr.«ss. 3iS Third M.. at 12 m. '<
J2.-.Ci-r?AI/X>X; fine bargain: deafh cause of i
tale. O»aw. 1E40 Sacramento 6t.
rAI'.TIES having cajjltel to invest In large or '
t : :.'. amounts can secure a perninr.ent Invest- !
mtnt which will pay net dividends from 15 to
40 per cer.t annually; fullest Investigation-
Fond fcr particular*. Address Fisheries box
1111, Call office.
FOB rale— !_/O; on o!<J-estab!!she-l horsostKK--
ir.g business, near city: lncj-ud'js *hcn and
toolr: averages 29- horses dally; flr»t-c!a*s
prices: prc^nt ownc- wishes to mire. AU-
«lrr58 box CO. Cell efflce. for particulars^
roll eale— prog- store: large town; central Cal-
lfornia: linect location: new stock and fix-
tures; crx'3 paying prepcrijition business; in-
voice S25OO; low expense. E. R. C, care
Laiigley & Michaels Co.. 40 Flrtt St.
I ri'Jl (KXT per month dividends: ZZ,<y* chares
of oil BtOCk . or any part, for sale; dividends j
every rnotith: oil suld under 5 yarn' contract;
more wella to be drilled. Address box 4447," j
• 'all oSlce. " i
FOIt tale— Restaurant and bar doing a fine
buslnctf?; must he Fold this week to the hl^h-
«=t bidder: lamily troubles cause of sale Ad-
drefus box 446C. Call office. L* - *
H A LF-IXTERE>:T in patent novelty, about
£Wi ri-quireil; party must have some ability
to <Jo outside work. Apply J. BRANDT. 411
Battery st.
OLI>-ESTALIFHEI> book and stationery etore
n'. a racriflce on account of sickness; doing a
•f.m -cIues business. Address .box *SS4, Call
effle*.
yon tale — A good blacksmith and horseshoeing
shop. In cood location; prerent owner wishes
to retire. Inquire at TAYLER &. SPOTS-
W OOP'S. 3D3-I23 Fremont st
WAXTED— Baibcr to bay {rood paying chop
at Wiliits. Meafloclno County. Address J.
It WALKER, ,
BUSINESS CHANCES COXTIMJED.
SALOON and grocery; location finest In city;
low rent; good leaee; cause of selling, death
of proprietor. Box 4468. Call office. ;"-»
FOR good Investment In oil lands and oil
etock call on A. Barreau, 18 Montgomery St.,
room 2.
$500— PARTNER In butter business: clears $125
to $175 to each: trial. Box 4953, Call office.
FRUIT etnre, hcrre and wagon, 6 living rooms:
good location; selling cheap on account of
6lckr.org. Address box 4958, Call office.
FOR sale — Wood and coal yard, with Improve-
ments; long lease. 1113 FolBom st
.CIGAR stand: stationery; established 3 years;
bargain. 329 Montgomery ave.
GROCERS' - complete outfit cheap (except
Ftockt. 1223 Green et
— , — —» '¦
? \LOON— A bargain account of departure. Ap-
V'.y 141 Third st. after 11 a. m.
ROI—fci for sale on Chronicle. Box 4960, Call
office. *
FOR sale— Klondyke Oyster House; money
maker: cause sickness. 126 Third Bt, at 12 m.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL & CO.. 412 Sacramento st
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st
¦ A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
»ub5crlptions has been established at 1098 Va-
lencla tt.
LODGIMJi-HOL'SBS FOR SALE.
A— 26-ROOM house; rent $20 .TmTT^iloO
9 rooms ar.d bath; on Turk st 275
14-room house; sure to clear $S0 600
12 rooms; rent $40; fine for transient 650
9 rooms; Juet finished; new furniture.... 600
SO rooms; clears $175: cheap rent 1600
13 rooms; Just like home; fine yard 1150
1^5-room hotel; clears $350; offer wanted.
1 SELL AND EXCHANGE REAL ESTATE.
WHAT HAVE YOU TO OFTER?
H. C DECKER, 1020 Market: phone Mint 796.
MARION GRIFFIN, 719 Market st. room 1.
S rooms; N. Mkt; rent $30; clean; reap.. tSM
10 rooms; rent $46; extra good: reflned.... 600
IB rooms; A No. 1: clears $60.' piano 1200
19 rooms; central corner; fine: bonton.... 1100
20 rooms; always full; rent $60; a snap.. 600
40 rooms; 8 bks N Mkt; low rent: H cash. 2700
60 rooms. 1100. 2000. 8500 (all paying) 7000
SPECIAL BARGAINS
14 rooms, corner, north of Market J560
20 rooms; JEOO cash. baJ. J10 monthly 1000
S3 rooms, great sacrifice, elcknees 1700
CS rooms; corner; rent $125 : see It 2200
R. H. WINSTON A CO.. 1026 Market st.
A — 2I-ROOM rooming-house; central $1000
11-room house; $300 down; balance easy.. 6O0
20-room house; first class 1030
ll-rooa house: $476; 6-room flit 3.'5
FISHER & CO.. 10S2 Market st.
LODGING-HOUSE buyers, attention— Houses
at reduced prices; genuine bargains; sizes and
location to suit; money loaned. SCHWEIN-
HARD _ CO., 917 Market Bt, between Fifth
and eixth; phone 1911.
A SPECIAL INDUCEMENT. CALL ON
KREDO & DUTTON. 35 Geary st
1700 ca^h for 50 rooms; new; Installments.
Sr.OO for 14 rooms; Geary; $25 profit
$450 only for 14 rooms; Post: worth $900.
LODGING houses from $150 to $3000: everybody
can be suited; send In vour houses; buyers
are waitir.s. EMERY & SMITH, 3 Eddy Bt.
WANTED— Tenant for new 110-room house. A.
M. SPECK A CO.. 667 Market St.
CARRIAGES AXD WAGONS.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
etc.. cheap. EGAN & SON. 2117 Mission st j
AX A No. 1 express wagon. f=Ing\e. also light I
camping wagon, for eale cheap. G32 Mission.
NEW & Id-hand wagons, buggies, carta & har- j
ness, work & driving horses. 15th & Valencia.
SPOXOES and chamois our specialty. AMER-
ICAN SPONGE CO.. 150 New Montgomery st. |
CAMPAIGN PHOTO ULTTONS.
MF'T of all kinds of photo buttons and Jewelry; j
wholesale an<l retail: ffend for catalogue, i
Miniature Portrait Co., P33 Market st., S. F\ i
SPIIUTUALIS3I.
ARRIVED— Mrs. Dr. Karnham. world-renowned j
spiritual medium; advice In all affairs of life, j
lawsuits, divorces, deaths; unites the Eepa- j
rated; mining: a specialty; cirs. ?un.,Wed.,FrL !
ev's: ccme and be convinced. (Permanently) !
E13 li"d<5y St.. bet. Hyde and La rkin; no sign, j
MRS. LESTER— Cir. frun., Tues., Frl. eve., |
10c; readings dally. 20) Turk et. j
FRIENDSHIP Hall, 325 McAllister— Mrs. C. J |
Meyr-r, tit. dally; convinc'g tests to-night 10c |
MME MAJORS. gifted spiritual medium. 1
healer and card reader. 132 Sixth «t, room 1. I
FROF. GEE, medium; test circle every night; i
10c: read. 51; ladies 50c. 14S 6th. Brunswick, j
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, clairvoyant U-at. biifi-
r.esF medium, life reader: sitting? SI. 11"4 Mkt.
CLAIUVOVA.VTS. j
MME. LANGE. the great clslrvoyant. tells past, !
future; never falls; has the greatest Egyptian I
i=ecret; shows picture future husband or wife; {
fop and up; satisfaction to everybody; open :
Sundays. 11C7 Market St.. bet. 7th and fcth. i
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant _. card i
reader, born with double v-cll & second sisht,
diagnoses disease with life reading; ladies 50c; I
gents |1; palm. & clair. Bit. 11 50. 126 Turk Ft. I
ISMAR. the Egyptian gypsy clairvoyant and j
palmist, permanently located 114S Market, opp. |
Cth; private readings daily 10 a. m. to 5 p. m. I
MME. BERNARD reads life fluently; advice
given in al! affairs in life; satisfaction guar-
anteed ; Sac vi: 17 Third st.. next Examiner. ;
MME. SCHAFFER. clairvoyant card reader; !
Fittings daily. 212U sixth st :
CLAIRVOYANT. trance, business medium; canl :
reader. 2.",c up. S23 Mission Et, nr. 4th; no sigr. i
1'ME. KL'TH. great proph«»ti3 card reader; ]
50c. 70S Ellis St., near l^arkln.
MRS. MELVILLE, well-known clairvoyant, wa- ]
ter reader, moved to 11 Sixth; German spoken. |
MME. VALEEN. clairvoyant.palmist: card read- i
er; real Egyptian charms. ;i5 Leavenworth. j
MME. HANSON, nalmlxtry, card reader; past, 1
present, future. _lc. 14S Sixth st, room 14. ;
MME. LENEMAR— Fortunes by planets; pre- !
dieted overdue gtmr Gold wreck. 310 Mason st. j
MME. ZEREDA. the gypsy, is the great palm- j
is^t and card reader: iZc 7 Seventh; no sij;n. ;
A OYFSY. genuine clairvoyant, located -10 <!ajs :
942 Mission; ladies. 25c; gents, 50c. Frawiey. !
MME. AUGl'ST. clairvoyant, card reader 7nd j
palmlFtry; truth or no pay; 25c. 1149 Mission. •
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently: business j
advice: names given: 2."c up. 5 Fourih St. • j
CARPET HEATIXG AXD CLEAXIXG. j
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work !
send to KPAirLDING'S 1'loneer Carpet-Beat- I
Ing Works, 353-257 Tehama bt. : tel. South 40. j
J. McQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaninz CoTi I
45H Stevenson 6t; tel. South 2IS; lowest rates, j
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-Beating andHHeTio^ j
vatlng Co., 240 Fourteenth st. ; tel. Mission 74. j
CITY Steam Carpet-Beating Works, ~Q. IL
STEVENS, mgr.. 3S-40 8th st; tel. South 250.
CARPETS cleaned at 2c per yard, laid at 4c.
KTRATTON'S. 3 Eighth gt.; tel. Jessie 844. I
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter etT- i
tel. Main 394. CEO. WALCOM. proprietor. •
CONKLIN'S Carpet-Beating Works. S33 Golden I
Gate are.: telephone East 126. I
CHIROPODISTS. '
BUNIONS, Incrown nails, corns, absolute cure. I
palnlet-s: ronrult'n free. Dr.Duncan.415 Sutter.
COLLECTION OFFICES.!
GEORGE W. KELLY'S A genoy— No~on_rBT un*- I
lead meeea—r-t Hoom 310, SI7 MarUet Ft I
' - " — !
COTTAGES TO LET.
A— 5 SUNNY rooms, chicken-house, barn-
cheap. E21 Thirtieth st, near Noe.
A-COTTAGE, S rooms and yard; |Ib! eH
Gough st.
IS— HOUSE *>f 4 rooms; worth $12 In city; near
Holly I'trk: wafr fire. 64 Silver et., off Sd.
JS-COTTAGE, 4 rooms, yard; respectable loca-
tion. 17f5 Turk St.. near Bcott.
COTTAGE FOR SALE.
COTTAGE of four rooms and bath 7n~Mission
diFtrlct: price J1C50: no agents. Apply RAB-
L1N. Fourth nnd Kentucky sts.
MENTISTS.
AT the E_ECTKO-_>_NTAL CLINIcT S09 Map I
fcet st. cor. 4th, rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can '
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth I
without plates our specialty; gold crowns
J3 50 up; plates, extractions free, $4 50 up; of-
fice hours. 9 a. n_ to 10 p. m. : Sundays. 9 to 2
p. m. Q. W. WILLIAMSON. M. D., Manager.
A-DR. V. CAVALSKT lias returned from
the Paris Exposition with some of the finest,
patents for painless dentistry, . plates, teeth
without a plate, crown and bridge work: all
work warranted; plates, full set $3; fillings,
wlc; crown, $3 50. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 6th.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates bridges
ami fillings; extractions or fillings by my won-
derful secret painless method; 20, years' ex-
perience; no students; advice fcee; prices
cheapest and Guaranteed; lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, 20 O'Farrell st"
T 5 E T H «- trac t« l<1 free; plates, »5; crowns, |3 50:
bridge work. IS; all the latest methods for
painless dentistry; hours, S a. m, to 9 p. m.
Modern Dental Parlors. 1208 Market, cor. G. O.
« DENTISTS. ,_
CROWN and bridge work experts; our work is
unexcelled, our prices are the lowest; call a^nd
see our samples and get our prices before go-
ing elsewhere: best of references; examination
free. "Main office" New York Dental Parlors,
1019 Market St., bet, f.th and 7th; elevator.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
—No charge for extracting when plates are
old plates made over like new; teeth
from $8 per set; extracting, DOc; gas given.
LOWEST prices in B. F.; painless extraction.
60c. New York Dentists, 969 Mission, cor. 6th.
PARIS Dental Parlor. 235 Kearny, cor. Bush—
Full set of teeth, $4; crowns, $3; fillings. 25c.
VAN VROOM— "Painless"; evenings and Sun-
days. 1001 Market st., corner Sixth.
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. Q.
YOUNG. 1841 Polk at.
DOG HOSPITALS. •
DR. BUZARD'S Dog rfospttal. Post. Fillmore—
Advice and medicine. 75c; city visits, $1 50: all
animals treated; Cogs boarded. Tel. West 638.
DR. Creely's C. P. mange cure and worm pills
by druggists or at hospital, 510 Golden Gateav.
DRESSMAKERS AXD SEAMSTRESSES
McDowell Dressmaking and Millinery School;
private class; patterns cut. 1019 Market st.
S. F. Dressmaking, Ladies' Tailoring and Mil-
linery School; French system. 411 Van Ness.
ACCORDION pleating f acton*: all kinds pleat-
lng. pinking. 121 Post, over O'Connor&Moffatt
EDUCATIONAL.
AYRES' Business College 723 Market st. ; day
and evening; individual instruction, \% per
month; life scholarehlp. $50; bookkeeping,
shorthand, telegraphy, etc.; Just added 25 new
typewriters; commercial department enlarged
and Is the best in S. F.; catalogue free.
AYRES' Business College night school opens
October 1. 723 Market et.
HEALD'S Business College. 24 Post St., S. F. —
Practical courses In bookkeeping, shorthand,
typing, languages, telegraphy, English
branches, civil, electrical and mining engi-
neering, etc: new 80-page catalogue free.
GALLAGHER-MARSH College. Parrott Bldg.—
Shorthand, typing and bookkeeping; Robert F.
Gallagher, expert court reporter, teacher of
shorthand: reportorlal phrasing taught; prac-
tical bookkeeping; full course, $50; catalogue.
NIGHT School for Men at the Y. M. C. A.
building. Mason and Ellis sts.; registration,
Sept. 10-24; studies elementary and advanced;
great opportunity for young men to gain a
practical business education.
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and medical
colleges: references. President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
ALL Etudents but two taking full course this
yesr got positions. SAN FRANCISCO BUSI-
KESS COLLEGE. 1136 Market St.
BOOKKEEPING, free trial; private lei-sons; 8
mos. in college not equal to 8 wks. with me;
$23. TARll. expert accnt.. 429 Parrott bldg.
ENGINEERING, civil, elec, mining, mech. sur-
vey, assay, cyanide, arch. ; day, eve. ; est. 1S64.
VAN DER NAILLEN SCHOOL. S33 Market.
CARLOS N. KELLER, tenor soloist; voice cul-
ture and piano. 324 Oolden Gate ave.
CALIFORNIA Business College Is again en-
larging quarters. Come see us, 305 Larkin st
MUNSON School Shorthand. Typing, Bookkeep- ;
ing. Spanish. 1S7 Mont'y. E. M. Carpenter, pr. j
PIANO and German; pupil of Conservatory In ,
Lflpslc; lessons 75e. 320 Golden Gate ave.
j ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing.
etc.. day or eve.; $5 mo. 1C24 Mission, nr. 6th.
LT: JEUNE Art and Craft School; modeling,
j d^sifrnimr. earring:, all branches. 424 Pine st.
! EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
A — JAPANESE and Chinese employment con-
tractor; cstab. over 10 years; all kinds help.
421 Post Rt., near Powell; telephone. Bush 135.
'¦¦ JAPANESE Housecleaning Co. — Walters, cooks,
1 dishwashers. Est. 1830. 1026 OaU; tel. Page 547.
UNION Japanese-Chinese emp. office— Best help
furn.; domestic serv. 417 Powell; tel. Bush 376.
ORPHEUM Employment Ofllce— Japanese. Chi-
nese help. 42o Powell. nr. Sutter; tel. Black 5072.
JAPANESE and Chinese Employment Office;
best help furn.; tel. John 2121. 806H Stockton.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office —
Best help. 411M; O'Farr ell St.: tel. East 426.
EMPLOYMKXT WANTED — FEMALE.
FIRST-CLASS chambermaid and seamstress de-'
sires situation; best of reference. MISS CUL-
LEN. 325 Sutter St.
FIRST-CLASS hotel cook and helper desire
situations; references; city or country. MISS
CULLEN. 325 Sutter Et.
COMPETENT woman with a child desires sit-
uation; reference; city or country. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
NEAT girl wants situation for light house-
work: private family; references; no postals.
10iU Larkin et.
COMPETENT girl desires a place to do general
housework; b°«t of references. - Address 2G
Antonia St.. off Jones, bet Ellis and O'Farrell.
NEAT young girl for second work: 18 to 20.
1035 Shotwell Et., near Twenty-fifth.
COMPETENT woman for light housework.
610 Third st
REFINED lady would like situation as work-
ing housekeeper In widower's family. Ad-
dres_ box 4991, Call office.
NEAT Iriph Protestant as nurse to a child,
plain sewing or light second work; experi-
enced: reference; no office. Box 49S3, Call.
A HIGHLY educated and reflned young lady
would like to act as governess to child In
flrKt-class family; thorough knowledge of
music and Spanish: references. Box 4'jbl. Call.
COMPETENT young woman desires position of
trr.st as housekeeper in hold or lodging-
house. MISS COURTNEY, 230 Poweli st.
POSITION as working housekeeper by woman
with little girl of 10; country preferred. Box
49SS, Call oftice.
GERMAN lady wants situation for second work
or to assist whore there are children; is good
seamstress. Address 40 Twelfth Bt.
LAUNDRESS wants work out by day. 743 Fol- j
som st.
WANTED— A thoroughly competent and re-
H>ertab'e young woman wants a position as
housekeeper.- Box 20^3. Call office. Oakland.
REFINED young lady would like position as
companion or second work; San Rafael or
city. Miss Meyer. C211 Idaho st. S. Berkeley.
A FRENCH maid v.-ants a cltuatlon; Is a flrst-
cla^s heamstross; best of references; city or
country. Ad-lr^ss box 3781, Call office.
A — WOMAN would like plain eewlng to do at
home. Pine ft., room 50, first floor.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third st, near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms; 25c to SI 50 night, |l 50 to $6
w*;ek; convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1006 Va-
lencia Kt.
EMPLO Y3I KXT WA.VTED — 31 ALE.
BLACKSMITH and wagonmaker, married man,
wants position In country shop; no horse-
fihoein_. Address E. M. WHITE, 329 Mont-
gomery St., San Jofie.
'STEADY man wants position on country place
to care for horses, Inwn and general work;
good references. Box 4474, Call office.
A YOUNG man (colored) would like a position
as cook; can give references; Just from the
East. G. W. P., 52G"i Pacific st.
CAKE baker, ornamenter, bIfo on home-made
bread, wants position. Box 2024, Call office.
YOUNG man well educated in English and
German desires position; understands the
drug trade; also photographic chemistry;
well acquainted In the Orient and Eastern
Htatfs; best of references and security given.
J. SHILLING. 15S1 Valencia st
STEADY man; 15 ye_rs' experience In orchard
and vineyard wk. ; understands handling green
and dried fruit, budding, grafting, pruning,
etc.; us<jd to handling men: would like man-
agement of large ranch; ref. Box 4952. Call.
STEADY young man understands care of horses
desires position as coachman or gardener;
understands milking cov.-s; city or country;
refs. Thomas, Ahlborn House, 321 Grant ave.
WANTED— A position as janitor by a young
man who Is honest, sober and Industrious; 3
years In present place. Address J. H., room
10, Letitia building. San Jose, Cal.
.. ¦
A YOUNG man, age 24, who. resides with his
parents, desires a position as collector or
CRRlstant ' in office work; best of reference.
Box 4990, Call office.
RELIABLE man, aged 23, wants position in
private place; understands care of horses;
good driver: can milk and be generally use-
ful. Box 37G3. Call office. -.;' ¦
STUDENT, age 24, wants to work part of each
day or week for board and room. 119 Third
st, room 331.
FIRST-CLASS florist gardener wants situation
in private family or nursery; references.
Box 3769. Call office.
LAUNDRYMAN, first-class, wants position as
head laundryman in hotel cr Institution: city
or country. Add. Laundry , box . 3777, Call.
MAN and wife wish work: city or country; re-
Ilable. Box 44S3. Call office.
FRENCH cook wants a situation in hotel; city
or country. D. L., 275 Stevenson i"
EMPLOYBIENT WANTED MALE.
A YOUNG man taking an advanced course In
bookkeeping would like employment evenings;
no Sunday work nor saloons. Address box
44S5. Call office. -_ i
WANTED— A position to take car* of garden,-
horses and anything In general; jrood driver
or take care of an invalid. Box 4452, Call.
MAN 40 years of age. single, will take charge
of residence; 10 years last place; best refer-
ences; bonds If required. Box 4469, Call office.
JEWELRY salesman, young man from the
East with 7 years' experience, wants posi-
tlon; wholesale house preferred. Box «470. Call.
POSITION wanted, ranch foreman; 15 years'
experience; can furnish good references. Ad-
dress box 4941. Call office.
WANTED— By a willing, sober man with refer-
ences, a situation about private place: horse,
cow and lawn. Address Willing. 173 Eighth.
FIRST-CLASS oyster man wants position in
large hotel or restaurant. Address box 49M,
Call office. .
YOUNG man from East, understands shorthand
and typewriting, wishes position here; any-
thing for a start. Box 3*61. Call office.
YOUNG man from the East, a good carpenter,
will work cheap for start here. GEO. F.
JOHNSTON, Ahlborn House. 323 Grant ave.
YOUNG man wishes position .as barkeeper in
*nlonn or hotel: can speak German. French
and Spanish. Address 940 Howard st. .
EXPERIENCED first-class gardener, 30 years'
practice, seeks position in hotel, private place
or big orchard. Address A. W.. 431 Pine st.
WANTED— Situation as second or short order
cook. Address box 3782. Call office.
FIRST-CLASS elevator man wants position;
references. Box 3755, Call office.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200^*lllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1038
Va4encla st. . ¦
EXPERT OPTICIANS.
EYES examined free; spectaclos properly ad-
Justed. N. Manasse. oculist optician, 910 Mkt.
FINANCIAL.
IF you have stocks or bonds of any kind for
sale, call or address PACIFIC COAST UN-
DERWRITING CO., 504 Parrott building.
FLATS TO LET.
lOO^^ATa^HOUSEs'VNb'^COTTAGEs!
917 Eddy; f. 8 r JCO 31 9U O'Farrell: h. 4 r.$10
1239L'Vw'th; f.9r. 37 50 4222 26th; c. 6 r 11
32O7V- Devlsadero; 6 r Z3J650A Jessie; f. 3 r.... 9
lfS6 Page; f. 3 r 151250 Tehama; f..5 r... 10
Flats wanted. A. M. SPECK & CO., 607 Mar-
ket st. "
HARRISON. 6G5— Upper 4 sunny rooms and
bath; no children.
IF you want to move Ret printed list flats to let
from BALDWIN &HOWELL.10 Montgomery.
SINGLE lady wants small' family to take part
of unfurnished Hat; no children. 4059 ISth st.
SUNNY desirable fiats— Oak and Laguna sts.;
7, 8 and 9 rooms: rent reasonable. Apply
MADISON & BURKE.
TO LET— New flat, 4 rooms, bath and laundry.
343 Liberty st.
UPPER flat of 5 large sunny rooms, basement,
yard and chlcken-houBe. 62 Boyce st .
UPPER sunny flat, 6 rooms and bath; largo
yard. Apply 2S06 Howard st.
Sll— 5 ROOMS and bath. 83 Norfolk st.
$15—8 ROOMS and bath; newly papered. 22 Do
Boom st., off Second, near Brannan.
$9 50— UPPER sunny fiat, 4 rooms, yard, cellar;
water free. IOCS Natoma st. near Eleventh.
F_.A'I'_ TO LK'l' ICIR.MSHE1I.
NICELY furnljhed flat to rent; also house-
keeping rooms. 1781 Haight Bt, near Golden
Gate Park.
FUrtXITURE FOR SALE.
4 ROOMS furnished in oak for $13 50. with No. 7
! range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
FOnSITUHE \VAISTEI>.
CHAS. LEVY buys your furniture, carpets,
pianos, etc. 1135 Market st. ; tel. Jessie 761.
ALWAYS 'phone John 1041 before selling your
furniture. Standard Furn. Co., 745 Mission.
Auctioneer— L. Vincent, 1305 Larkln ;tel. Polk 694;
furniture & furn'd houses bought; spot cash.
$5000 worth of furniture, carpets, etc., wanted.
M. Silversteln. 1121 Market; tel. Folaom 1103.
ALFRED WOLLPERT, 773 Mission St., pays
highest price for your second-hand furniture.
| W. E. CODT (late with J. T. Terry& Co.). buys
furniture, carpets. 757 Mission: tel. Red 3353.
HVA.V WANTED— FEMALE.
WANTED — 4 waitresses for coffee parlor and
confectionery. $8 00 week: 5 restaurant wait-
resses, $6 and $7 a week. J. F. CROSETT
& CO., 316 Sutter St.
"C. It. HANSEN & CO Phone Grant 1S5" I
HOTEL DEPARTMENT j
2 waitresses, north. $20: 4 waitresses, south. I
$20 and $25; 3 waitresses, city, $20; 4 lunch
waitresses, $3 50, no Sunday work; 3 lunch and
dinner waitresses, 520; 2 waitresses, $6; 4
chambermaids, to wait, $10; chambermaid,
$17 50; cook, $30; plain lroner. $22 £0; fancy
lroner, S30.
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Colored housekeeper for widower; country
housekeeper for widower and 2 children, $20,
Fee party here; working housekeeper for small
American family, city. $20: waitress' and par-
lor maid, $20; 2 house girls to go south, $20
and $20; mother and daughter; £0 house girls,
Eecond girl, nurse girls, C. R. HANSEN &
CO., 104 Geary st.
TWO flrst-cla»s house girls to go together to
the south: $23 and $30; see party here Mon-
day at 10 a. m. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104
Geary st. ¦^¦¦ J '\
LAUNDRESS, private family. $25; neat girl for
upstairs work and care of a grown child. $2rt;
chambermaid and answer telephone. $20;
working housekeeper, Nevada, $15, fare paid;
restaurant cook $35: 2 boardinu-house cooks,
$30 and $35. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
COLORED elrl. housework. San Rafael. $20: .
colored girl, citv $20; housework, sleep home,
$20. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter Et.
WANTED— A German or Scandinavian girl for
cooking; $25; 3 in family. 512 Van Ness ave.
GIRL, general housework; plain cooking; fam-
ily three. 1826A Putter st
GERMAN girl; general housework; wages $20.
_ Call 414 Van Nesa ave.. bet. 9 and 12 a. m.
WANTED— Girl for housework In small adult
famllv. • 321A Fremont st.
YOUNG woman for housework, $10 to $12 a
month. 319 Third st.
WANTED— Neat girl; assist general housework.
Apply 1111 Post Bt. '¦ ¦
GIRL to assist with housework. 350 Duncan
nt., between 27th and 2Sth.
GIRL to assist with housework; sleep home;
wages $12. 1007 Sutter st.
ELDERLY lady to mind baby: sleep home; $10
a month. Restaurant. 233 Sixth st.
WANTED— A young girl for light housework;
wages $10. 7S7 Stevenson St., off Ninth.
GIRL for housework; wages $20. 1542 McAllls-
ter st.
WOMAN for dishwashing; must be strong; $5
a week. 202 Townsend Bt.
GIRL for housework. 1279 O'Farrell st
WANTED— Women and girls to work on toma-
toes, canning and preparing; highest wages
paid: steady work! prizes for quick work.
Apply Immediately to U. S. FRUIT PACK-
ING CO;, Harrison ave., between Seventh and
Eighth sts., off Folsom.
IRONERS.
First-class Ironers, also girls to learn Iron-
ing, and machine operators wanted Imme-
diately at La Grande Laundry, 22S Twelfth
st ; good wages, short hours.
APPRENTICES on overalls. 8TANDARD
SHIRT FACTORY, cor. Gough and Grove sts.
GIRLS to rivet overalls, also sewing machine
operators, nt Levi Strauss & Co.'s factory/
3"V4 Fremont. St.; no experience necessary;
- good wages. Apply to MR. DAVIS.
AA— EXPERIENCEDoperatorson Singer chain-
stitch machine: electric power; also learners;
steady work guaranteed. Paclflo Neckwear
Mfg. Co., 16 Sutter st.
AA— EXPERIENCED hands to finish and neat
girls to learn; men's silk neckwear; steady
work guaranteed. Paclnc Neckwear Mfg. Co.,
16 Sutter st.
STRONG, active girls to learn fancy Ironing;
v$l per day and up. St. Nicholas Laundry,
and Folsom sts.
FOR Alameda; girl for light housework; small
family; good home; wages $8 to $10. Address
box 49E4, Call office.
EXPERIENCED paster on congress shoes-
steady work.. CAHN. NICKELSBURG & CO.
115-117 Hayea st -
GIRL or woman for light housework, 115. 24*7
Sutter st, near Broderidu
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
WANTED — Good German cook; none- other need
apply; good situation; good wages. Inquire
evenings at 1S15 California St.. between
Franklin and Gough.
EXPERIENCED operators on electric power
sewing machines on shirts at GREENE-
BAUM, WEIL & MICHELS, D31 Mission s%
WANTED — By a wholesale house, a middle-
aged, responsible woman to travel; permanent
position for right party. Box 4460, Call office.
FIRST-CLAS9 talloress, also an apprentice
wanted: call Tuesday morning. J. ASHER,
45SH Mission st. ¦
SKIRT hands on stock work. Call Monday,
641 Jessie st -
VEST operator; buttonhole maker: also ap-
prentlces; steady work. H. HILP. 106 Battery.
WANTED— A German or Scandinavian girl for
cooking; $23; 3 in family. 1512 Van Ness ave.
A YOUNG girl to asslBt with light housework;
wages $10 to $12. Apply 339 Twelfth st.
GIRL wanted to assist In housework and take
cars of baby. 1632 McAllister st.
GIRL wanted to assist in housework and take
care of baby. 1S33 McAllister st.
GIRLH wanted at United States Laundry, Six-
teenth st., near Valencia.
IRONERS wanted at United States Laundry,
Sixteenth st., near Valencia.
GIRLS wanted at Comstock Danes Hall, 61S
Pacific st.. corner Montgomery ave.
APPRENTICES on coats, pants and vests,
paid while learning. 541 Market Bt.
GIRLS with experience. Book bindery, 636
Clay st , _________
WANTED— Women and girls to work on fruit
1731 Folsom St.. between 13th and 14th.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore st
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1098 Va-
lencia st.
HELP WANTED — MALE.
BRICKLAYER for mine, long Job, $4 day: 2
farmers and wives, $40 and $50; 2 men and
wives, private families, $35 and $40 and In-
crease; farmers, milkers, $25 and $30; 8 scrap-
er-team drivers, $1 50 day and board: coach-
man, $30; 6 fruit pickers, $1 day; 40 grape
pickers, $1 25 day and $2 ton. near city; chore-
man. $20: woodchopper for large contract;
laborers for mills, railroads and mines at go-
ing wages; machine men and bench hands for
planing mill: blacksmith, $2 day and board,
and many others. J. F. CROSETT & CO.,
62S Sacramento st.
COOK, wlfa and dishwasher, country hotel.
$100; cook and second cook, country Institu-
tion, J1C0; restaurant cooks, second cooks,
lunch cooks, oyster men and vegetable men;
waiter, country hotel, $30. and others. J. F.
CROSETT & CO.. 628 Sacramento st.
AT C. R. HANSEN £ CO.'S 104 Geary st
..Wanted for new railroad work, free fare...
A car load of teamsters and laborers for
State at Nevada $2 a day
E0 tunnelmen for big tunnel, Chatsworth
Park. Los Angeles County.... $2 to $2 &0 a day
200 laborers for the S. P. Co.'s own camps on
different divisions
50 laborers for ballasting gang for S. P. Co.
at Truckee
DO laborers on rock crusher for S. P. Co. at
Truckee
Fee $1 Shl» Dally Free fare
50 laborers to build a large dam, long Job,
$2 CO a day, see boss here Monday
CO laborers to build canal, $2 S3 a day, fare
advanced
F.0 laborers to build reservoir and water
works, Napa County. $2 a day
10 laborers for Napa County $3 a day
4 carpenters to build flume $3 a day
....Board $4 a week, fare paid both ways....
10 men to break horses to saddle. $45 and
found; 10 sawmill laborers, $23 and found; 4
Ingersoll drillers, $3 a day: butter rmker, $30,
see party here: driver, milk wagon. $33
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Head cook, $125; second cook. $75; night cook,
?63. for first-class restaurant north; hean
cook, $65; second cook, $40; night cook, $40,
country restaurant; broiler, $65; second cook,
country hotel,* $45: sausage maker and slaugh-
terer, country. $40; 2 upstairs porters, hotel.
$20; fix bell boys, $10. $12 and $13. C. R.
1IANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
A— ERRAND boy who knows the city for our
office. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary St.
A — CHIEF correspondent for wholesale house;
must be bright, auick, energetic young busi-
ness man; $12.") to start, with increase. Apply
In person to C. R. HANSEN of C. R. HAN-
SEN & CO.. 104 Geary St.
A-WAXTED J
2 brick masons, 3 months' Job. $4 a day; 2
winery hands, long Job, $30 and board: 5 car '.
men for mine, no experience. $2 a day; 2 milk-
ers, nenr city, steady place. $35: 20 men for .
mill and woods, fare advanced. $30: 4 swamp-
ers, fare advanced, $30 ; 2 teamsters, 10 hours
day. steady work, $26: 2 laborers. 10 hours i
day. steady work, $26; man to milk few cows, '
make butter and chores, $25; man to do light
chores on ranch. $15: 3 laborers. $1 75: miner, ;
$2. same place: vegetable gardener. $25: ten— 1-
; ster, same ranch, $2C; 2 teamsters, city, $1 83
a day; ranch cook, near city. $30; waiter, '
country hotel. $30: second lunch counter man,
J35: groom for colts, $20; pecond cook, hotel.
$30; 2 dishwasher* . city. $25; kitchen porter. •
citv, $23; 20 woodchoppers for Santa Cruz Co..
everything advanced and good wages; 20 •
prape pickers, $1 25 a day, fare S5c. office fee
$1, and 2 months' work
FREE FARE ;
railroad laborers and men for rock crusher,
company work, fee $1. W. D. EWER & CO.,
610 Clay st. '¦
MAN to wait at table and help around the
house. $20. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st. "
BARBERS' Progressive Union — Free empfww-
ment. H. Bernard, Sec, 104 7th; tel. Jessie 152. t ;
WANTED— Steady man with $150 to take inter- .
est In old established commission business
that will pay $73 per month the year round.
Apply 1016 Market st.. room 10. ¦
WANTED— P.r!ght boy to learn hardware <
trade; 17 or IS yea— i old. Apply in own hand-
wrltlng. box 4473. Call office. •
BARBERS for city nnd country; good wages.
Apply early to H. BERNARD, 104 Seventh st.
14 MEN to work on ships; good wages. At '
HERMAN'S, 26 Eteuart st. >
BARBER wanted. 122 Third st.
BARBER wanted: steady Job; also bootblack.
I04S McAllister st.
BARBER: good steady man; wages $12 week.
822 Third st.
BARBER, young man preferred; steady work, l
70S McAllister st. «
WANTED — Cook for coffee and lunch house; .
wages $S.- 32 Sixth st. . I
WANTED— A man to take care of horses. 818 -
Folsom st. J
GOOD waiter: steady work. Call early at 39 .
Market st.
GOOD lunch waiter. E06 Howard st. j
YOUNG man for plain paperhanglng. . 319 .
Third st. i
BEDMAKER wanted at 119 Fourth st. ;
BOY to learn the harness and saddlery trade.
12S8 Folsom st. j
AN upholsterer wanted. 1433 Mission St., near ,
Eleventh. t *
WAITER wanted. 135 Fifth st. £
WANTED— A first-class carpenter for a Job-
bing shop. 1902 Fillmore st.
DISHWASHER. Excelsior saloon, northeast J
corner First and Brannan sts. ; call 10 a. m.
GOOD bootblack wanted at 17 Taylor st. q
BOOTBLACK for barber shop and to clean
baths. 120 Geary Bt.
ERRAND boy. Apply ROBT. L. TOPLITZ ;
& CO.. 545 Market St. *¦
THIRD hand cake baker: wages $33 and board
and lodging. !U1'4 Larkin st.
EXPERIENCED waiter, Oakland coffee and I
lunch houBe. 5 East St.
BOY for printing office (German preferred).
Inquire room 3, 535 California st.
ED MASON, call early at 134S Howard St.
FOR sale— A 3-chair barber shop, on account of -
going East. 14 Turk Et. ' I
BARBERS— 2-chair *hop for sale cheap; has -
other business. 3142 Twenty-fourth st. I
TWO-CHAIR barber shop for sale cheap; going .
to Europe. 8G Market St.
WANTED— Experienced veterinary to go on
transport to China. Apply to W. R. GRACE t
- & CO.. 234 California Bt.
MESSENGER boy; apply in own handwriting;
stcte age and cive references. P. O. box 2048. -
WANTED— Good cabinet maker and carpenter;
steady jub. Addrcsa box 1S47. Call office. i
GET your shoes half soled while waiting; 25c
to 50o. 562 Mission St., bet. 1st and 2d sts. -
WANTED— A baker's helper, conscientious and
trustworthy. Box 4438, Call office.
WANTED— Shoe cutters, fitter and bottomers.
Wentworth-Swltzcr Shoe Co., -119 Finest
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, ha!l 1
price. 562 Ml33lon st. bet. 1st and !d st*.
WANTED— Boy to work In an upholstery shot*.
2304 Fillmore st. ,
LINDELL House corner Sixth and Howard— \
Rooms. 15o to 25c night; 75c to $2 per wet- k.
OFFICE boy. under 18; advancement. Box 4939
Call office. ; .
BOY to assist in store and run errands. US Va-
lencia at. .
HELP WAITED—MALE.
A— MURRAY & READY.... PHONE MALM 6S43
Leading Employment and Labor Agents,
WANT 7 A. M. MONDAY -
FREE. .WE.. SHIP... EVERYBODY. ..FKEB
To All Parts of California, Utah. Nevada.
NUMBER. WANTED AT WA__.S.
154— Nevada, Truckee, Lake Vie--..S4l and fd
16— Los Angeles, Santa Barbara J2 day
24— Redding, Shasta, Fresno $19" day
US— Surf. Soda Springs, Salt Lake *2 day
64— Dlxon. Elmlra and Bakersfleld...$l 70 day
1C3— For 19 different divisions *2 day
FREE FARE.... OFFICE FEE ONLY J-
MURRAY & READY.
634-63S Clay st.
CLASSES OF HELP _
A— NUMBER. WANTED. WAGES.
25— Laborers to help carpenters, you'll
suit $40 and found
6— Blacksmiths J4"> and found
7— Sash and door makers, shingle Joint-
ers, crosscut sawyers .-..J2 50 to $3 day
18— Laborers to work at mines *_ ¦5?J ( 2
12— Miners, elncle-hand work ••?'¦"
82— Farm, orchard, vineyard hands.. $26 and ffl
IS— Milkers and butter-makers $30 and fd
5 — Farmers and wives, furnace man
$40 and found
12— Teamsters, road work $22 and fd
15— Men to ride horses *•» and fc
19— Stablemen, city and country. .$33 and t<l
18 — Choremen and boys, come see..*— > and fo
150— Men for Humboldt County ?C3 and fd
. 129— Scraper teamsters, all parts. ..$35 and fd
13-Drlllers. bricksetters. etc $2 50 day
183— Laborers and teamsters for all pans of
California, some in clty..$l 75 to $2 50 day
4 — Boatmen, beef luggers, stone masons.
19— Tailors, "firemen, men for wine cellars,
bakers'' and coal wagons, etc
$2 to $2 50 day
897— Jobs not advertised, come see $2 50 day
FRUIT AND GRAPE PICKING.
191— Men or boys to pick fruit, work In
packlng-house3. etc., you'll suit
$30 and found
SAWMILLS. WOODS. ETC.
94 — Laborers to work In woods, mills,
yards, wharves, 15 different Jobs, free
$30 to HQ and found
I— Ironmolders $3 60 day
MURRAY _ READY.
C34-C6 Clay St.
A-JIOTEL BAKERY BUTCHERS
LAUNDRY DEPARTMENT
Second cook." mlnea, $40 and found, fare paid
28 cooks $50. $60, $40. $30 and found
19 waiters $35. $30. $25. $20 and found
82 dishwashers $30. $25. $20, $15 and found
12 bakers' assistants.... $40, $35, $30 and found
12 laundrymen $40, $33, $30, $25 and found
Butcher for institution
Candy makers; porter help for Institution
6 butchers $35. $50 and $50
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
A— SPECIAL
Blacksmith for Arizona. $3 60 day, fare paid.
see boss here
Riveter steel bridge gang. $3 25 day. free fare:
2 firemen, factory $54
Coachman. $">0; farmer; 4 men to run Inser-
soll drills, $90; 2 stone masons, $4 day; 2
stenographers and typewriters, $3« and $43
and found: Bailor for launch. MURRAY &
R EADY. 634-636 Clay st.
WANTED— Recruits for the United States Ma-
rine Corps. U. S. Navy; able-bodied, unmar-
ried men of good character, between the ages
of 21 and _> years; not less than 5 feet 4
Inches and not over 6 feet 1 Inch In height;
must be citizens of the United States or per- '
sons who have legally declared their inten-
tions to become citizens; able to read, write ,
and speak English properly. For further in-
formation apply at the Marine Recruiting Of-
fice, 40 Ellis St., San Francisco, Cal.. 630 K St.. .
Sacramento. Cal.. or 103S J St.. Fresno, Cal.
STICKER, matcher and planer hands wanted .
In San Francisco manufacturing establish-
ment: steady employment all year round to
suitable men: wages $3 to $3 50 per day. Box •
4963. Call office.
BOY wanted, about 16 years of ape; must live •
with parents and come well recommended; '¦
Meady position to right kind of boy: state
where last employed. Ad. Box 3773. Call. j
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprietor, still "
runs Denver House. 217 Third st. ; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night ; $1 to $2 per week.
MEN wanted to learn barber trade; only *4g_t
weeks required; positions guaranteed: special •
inducements: catalogue and map of city free, i
HOLEP.'S BARBEK COLLEGE. 635 Clay st.
WANTED — Salesman fcr Jewelry store: mu»t .
work evenings; state salary and references. '
Box 49S3. Call office.
WANTED — All-round tailors anil coatmakers;
call Monday. P. H. GALLAGHER _ CO.. i
3 Flood building.
NEW goods; quick sales; salary or comm'.s- ]
sion; city or country. THE J. DEWING CO..
Flood building. -
WANTED — A boy to learn the loicksinlthins
trade. Call at 403 Drumra st.
WANTED— Good cabinet maker and carpenter;
steady Job. Box 1S47. Call office. •
DRIVER for milk —aeon at S16 Treat ave.;
German or Scandinavian preferred. \
¦ i
WANTED— 1C0 m^n to take rooms, 10c, 15c and
20c. Boston House, 930 Howard st.
WANTED — A washer for plain work. Apply
Mercantile Towel Co.. 2ol Jessie, nr. Fourth.
BOYS with experience at underpresslng on ~<
pants and vests. 541 Market st.
WASTED — A man that understands florist and
nursery business. S0O llaight st.
BOYS wanted. SAN FRANCISCO AND PA- -
CIFIC GLASS WORKS. 7th and Townsend.
SAILORS, ordinary seamen nnd green hands;
all parts of world. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart. "
LABORERS and drillers wanted at 527 Four- .
teenth St., near Guerrero. I
MEN and women to learn barber trade. S. F.
BARBER COLLEGE. 741A Howard St.
PENSIONS— GEO. D. CAMPBELL, lawyer. 18 ~
, years' practice; Examiner building.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st.. near Mar-
ket: 700 rooms. 25c night; readlr.g-rnom; free
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry. ,
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 1200 Fillmore et.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and C
subscriptions has been established at 10US
Valencia ft.
HOHSUS, LIVE STOCK, Ute For Sale
M) HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies. _
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market, $;
327 Sixth st. ; auction sales every Wedn%day.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE, Auctioneers.
BEAUTIFUL span white Panama pacing a
ponies; can be seen at Nevada stables except
bet. 1 and 2 p. ni.. while driving In Park.
0 HEAD of driving and working horses at \ t
TOMKINSON'S stables, 57 Minna st., bet.
First and Second sts.
rOR sale — Several fresh cows and some spring- j»
ers. J. F. PERRLE. Angle Island.
V NICE driving mare; age 7 years, from coun- u
try. IS Clay st. .
HOUSES TO LET. °
V— PRINTED LIST Houses to Let: send for cir- T
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO., 14 Montgomery.
IOUSE of 8 sunny rooms and hath: latest lm- O
proved yard; rent $26. 1717 Laguna st.
HOUSES TO L.ET — FURNISHED. C
;25— 6 ROOMS and bath. 511A Sanchez St., near | O
Eighteenth. PATTERSON & CO., 170G Mkt. j
LOST AXD FOU5D. * { T
.iOST— On Saturday night, gold watch with | =
monogram on back N. R. ; gold fleur de lis
pin with pearls attached. Liberal reward if —
returned to 1516 Post st. .'--.':. a
1.OST — Poodle pup with yellow ears, collar
and bell, on Sutter St.. between Laguna and
Buchanan; reward. Return lSlOtj Post st.
)N Market, near ferry, black leather chate-
laine bag. containing money and gold watch,
with monogram F. I. L. Finder please re-
turn to 2319 Fillmore St.: reward. \
X)ST— A passbook with The Hlbernla Savings j
and Loan Society of San Francisco, in the _
name of THOMAS IMJUCELL. No. 170-_.»7. x
The finder will please return to bank.
-OST— On ferry-boat Oakland. 1:30 p. m.. Sep-
tember 16. master license, sailing vessels be-
longing to CHARLES OKE. Finder will _
please return to 6 Howard St.. S. F. - j
12th inst.. Spitz dog. Ownercan have
same by proving property and paying ex-
penses. Apply from S to 9 a. m., 5 to 6 p. m.
Pioneer Soda Works. 1555-1537 Mission st. •
LOST— English pug; scar on one ear. Liberal {
reward If returned to fifi Pine st.
I
X>ST — Black cocker spaniel dog. Return to 31S '
Pine St.. room 7; reward. \
¦ -- If
MASSAGE.
SMILY SEGSWORTH. assistant to Dr. A B •
Willcox. scientific masseuse, room 40 " St!
Ann's building; hours, 9 a. m. to 12:30/ * j
MEDICAL. ~~~'~~
[>R. and MRS. DAVIES.T_iri_aVkeTsT^i>'rU "»
able ladles' and gents' specialists; 3:' yearsi'
practice: have treated thousands of cases suc-
cessfully: a positive cure guaranteed at oMce-
ladles treated can return home the same day : -
try the celebrated HINDO HERB treatment I
for home cure; any one can use It by direc-
tions; perfectly harmless; home for conflne-
ment. Send five 2-cent stamps for circular.
DRS.GOODWIN. well known ladies' specialists 7
have returned from Europe: safe and reliable-
cure $5: have treated thousands of castes with
success: 13 years' practice In S. F.; maternity -
home; low feea. 1007H Market St.. near Sixth. *
SG TOY KEE. Chinese doctor; cures consump-
tion, cancer, catarrh, etc.. all diseases treat-
ed: send for testimonials: advice free. Sanl-
tarlum. .04 Sacramento 'st.. corner Ttearn y.
rHE well-known DR. POPPER, celebrated fe- -
mal* specialist; practical physician for 37 g
years; always s_____fui. _u Kaanur __
MEDICAL. '
DR. O. W. O'DONNEIA the world-renowned
ladies' specialist; safe and reliable; has prac-
ticed In San Francisco for years ; treated thou-
sands of case3 successfully; treatment can b*
used at home; consultati'- free. After all
others fail call on him. 102Ci Market nt.
MRS. DR. WTETII. reliable specialists: 25 yra.'
practice: home in conflnement: treatment it
office, $3; any ailment: cnnsultatlrr. free: con-
Hdential. 342 Post at., bet. Hyde and Larktn.
MRa M. ALLEN, 1033 Market— Ladles' special-
lst: home In confinement: safe and reliable;
consultation free; hours 10 to 8.
MRS. CR. KOHL, the well-known and -e!iab!e
ladies' specialist; guaranteed treatment at of-
fice, $5, positive cure. 446 Eddy, nr. Levnw rt.i
DR. and MRS. il. WEGEXEK— Prlvata homo
In confinem-ynt. 1312 Golden Gate ave.
Dlt. WONG I H— HE, herb doctor, treats all dis-
. eases of the human body. 115 Mason st.
MISCELLANEOUS FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery^ jj".^
IXTOSH & WOLPMAN. 1113-137 Fremont st. '
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counter*"
linoleum, new and second hand; we a... ; .
have a large stock of saloon outfits on han.l-
22 complete outfits on our floor, ready matfV ¦
we can ship everything In 24 hours
NOONAX. 1017. 1013, 10_l, 1023 Mission st '
above Sixth; write for catalogue.
A— 13 5« DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 ri p~"
ular Price Hatters, 3C0 Kearny st., near Pine.
FINE suit. J10; dress pants. $2 ;:,. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Mont.- 0^ ory J_
FOR sale — Property of the Live Oaic Consoli
dated Gold Mining Co.. situated in N<>vac!i
County, 13 miles north of Auburn; 2 pir«nted
claims: 8-stamp quartz mill: ditch and hoist-
ing works complete. For further par*t' U iir«
inaulre of A. MEISTER. 914 Ninth st.." Sac"
ramento, Cal.
FOR SALE. "~
The submersed four-masted «teel »h!p, Ands-
lara, lying In Tacoma harbor, also scowj.
lighters, shears, diving gear, engines, .- , \
and other wrecking appliances. Address a'n
communications to C. L. PARKER. Sersta—
rooms 40-41, Haller bloclc, Seattle, Wash. '
A — BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery. » n -
glnes. boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys.
etc. WH1TELAW. 218 Spear st.
I OR sale— Cheap, a 58 electric light bath cabi-
net, or will rent. E. F. HEXZEL, corner
Point Loboa and Fifth aves.
FOR sale — Cheap, a new 53 Majestlo rar.g«
with eteam table, heater and cook-r. E T
HEXZEL. cor. Point Loboa and Fifth av»».'
STEEL TANKS, all sizes; suitable for water or
oil: cheap: all shapes: second hand. H 3.
"WHITE, aie Mission St.
A— 1C0 HORSEPOWER engine, boiler, 2 drill
nlr compressor. JARDINES. 220 Fremont it.
NATIONAL cash register, nearly new. taw
sale, cheap, at 4i;*i Sixth st.
FIXE bred fresh Jers?7 cow and calf. Iajuir*
at Nucleus Stable, 130 Stevenson it.
SAFES— New and second hand. THE tlEK-
MAN.V SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
PORTABLE ensir.es, boilers; Iron and wood
tlaners. lathes; 2J hand. J. Burke, 139 Beale.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d hand; moving
pictures. IiULLARD & BRECK, 131 Post st.
FULL line cameraa and photo supplies; seHIn*
cheap. W. A. HARTTER. 513 Examiner bide.
WILL rent full dress Tuxedo or Prince Albert
suits for J2 50. Portland Loan Office. IS Stktn.
10- TON Fairbanks scale and flro a_d burglar
proof safe. 21G California st.
ID-HAND photographic and magic lantern out-
flta bought, sold, exchanged. 109 Montgomer— ¦
FIRST-CLASS second-hand modern engines ana
boilers bouerht and *o!rl. KROGH Mfg\ Co. I
SAFES— New and s^coni hand: all sizes. TH3
TVALTZ S>FK. io?. Ml M-Trket st.. San Fran.
MISCELLANEOl M WANTS.
WANTED— Schooner, between SO and 53 ton*
net: »tati» full particulars. Address THOS.
McCARTY. 19C3 India et.. San Diego.
WANTED— To rent hors» and wagon for th«
r/lnter for light delivery. Inquire Twenty-
sixth and Howard sts.
iVAXTED-to rent a bathhouse. Box 3774. Call
office. *
LADIES' and cents' cast-of? clothing bousht <_
sold. Silverrr.an. 9S4 Folsom; te!. Folsom 1191.
KLEIN still pays best price for clothing, bric-
a-brac and book3. 109 Sixth st. ; tel. Jessie 141.
IF you wish full value for yotir cast-off clothing
rail on R. COfTKV. 1Z7 Tr-'n!: tel. Rlark 412T'
3IO.\EV TO LOAS.
VA— BEST rates and easiest terms.
Second Mcrtsasea
Interests In Estates
Undivided Interests In lieaj Estate
Financial problems of all sorts and sls«s
solved by HERMAN ITCIiPHY. 603 Market.
INT amount at 8 per cent; 1st, CJ and 3d mort-
gages, undivided Interest, real estate in pro-
bate: mortsages and legacies bought: no de-
lay, get my terms before doing business else-
where. R. McCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery, r. S.
VNY proposition, any amount; 6 per cent: first,
second mortgages, estates in probate. Interest
In estates, legacies, corporation lnans. chattel
mortgages, life Insurance. Room 18. first floor.
Chronicle building. HALLORAN & OLSEN.
IIGHLT respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store, 848 Market
at. : tel. Main 1644. Branch 13 Third St.
JOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds,
watches. Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL, 10 Sixth:
highest price for old gold, stiver, diamonds: will
be open Monday. Sept. 24. Jewish new year.
i.— $30Q,0CQ ON city and country real estate and
estates; chattel mortgages: notes and col-
laterals. J. BROWNSTONE, 11 Montgomery.
IN furnltur-and pianos without removal: quick
service; money direct: lowest Interest. Rooms
6S and 63. Donohoe building, 1170 Market st.
iT 126 Kearny st., room 9, respectable, prlvata
place to borrow on watches, diamond*; lowest
rates: take elevator. Telephone Da. via 995.
'jOO.CCO AT « per cent In sums to suit In city;
also Jl.'O.COO on large ranches; aluo on second
mortgages. R. J. MEP.CER & SON. 412 Pine.
NY amount by private party on furniture _n<J
pianos: no removal; low rates: confidential.
EONKLLI. 301 Jcnes St.. corner Eddy.
rilY PCjr rent? We loan money to build w'thj
small monthly payments. HOME BUILDING
COMPANY, 222 Sansome St.. room 8.
ONEY loaned salaried people without security.
HILL. rm. 41. Merchants' Ex.. 431 California
[ONEY to loan on furniture by private. party:
low rate. 917 Market St.. room _
N furniture nr.d p'.anos; no removal; confi-
dential; on diamonds, etc. 33 Taylor st.
O salaried people without security: all busi-
ness confidential. Tousley Co.. S21 Parrott big.
N furniture, pianos: 3 per cent per month; no
commission. Mrs. Wilson, rm. J0L S Eddy st.
ASH loaned to salaried people on note without
indorser. MORRELL. 600 Examiner building.
N furniture, pianos, without removal; no com-
mission; private. LICK. 116 McAllister st.
0 salaried people without collateral or la-
dorser. S. F. DUoount Agency. 143 Phelan big.
SltSICAL IXSTRUMESTS.
HhaLLETT & DAVI3. rosewood ca_e....t!0 09
Edwards & Son, rosewood case 75 00
Arton. rosewood case 95 00
Hailet & Davis 133 00
Weber, finest condition 175 •'-)
Manner & Sons ..175 00
Kir.ssbury. oak 130 00
Standard, used a few months 2S5 00
Easy payments, cheet music and everything
In the music line. Chickerlng. Vose. Sterling
agency. BENJ. CURTAZ « SON. IS- IS^ti
O'Farrell *t.
ICE squares from $30 to $100.
Nice uprights, slightly used, from $60 to COO.
Full amount paid allowed on new Chickerlng,
or Vose in two years. EENJ. CURTAZ &
SON. IS O'Farrell st.
LL purchasers of pianos at SHERMAN
CLAY A: CO.'S have the privilege of ex-
chansir.K for a STEINWAY any time within
thre» years and full purchase price allowed;
the best maker3 of every grade to select from;
beautiful r.f.v uprights IS cash. $<5 per month;
tcmc good pianos fcr $2. Si and $5 per month.
SHERMAN. CLAY & CO.. STEINWAY
IjEALEKS. corner Kearny and Sutter st3..
San Francisco; corner Broadway and Thir-
teenth sts.. Oakland.
,ARGEST exclusive wholesale and retail piano
house west of Chicago; at a discount, to es-
tablish our new location, we will give 10 per
cent off on pianos: some second-hand bar-
gains; 3 Heine uprights. J327: 2 Stelnwayj.
$195; 1 Chickerlng. Jlfi: 1 Mason & Hamlui.
JSOiJ, and lO other bargains; agents for Hallett
& Davis and 5 other makes. HEINE PIANO
CO., 217 Geary St.. near City of Paris.
1 RELIABLE piano can be housht only from
a reliable house. The ZENO MAUVAIS MU-
SIC CO. Is such a house. Their address I*
7C& Market st.
)ON'T fall to see tho beautiful Decker & Son
baby grantls Just received at MAUVAI3', 7K>
Market st. They aro tho b*st ever show a In
the city.
CO matter what you want In the line of mu-
sical goods, you can always do best at MALT-
VAIS'. 7C9 Market st.
lESOLUTELY the oldest and largest hous»i
west of Chicasro la KOHLER & CHASE'S, 2i.*
23 «nd 30 O'Farrell st.; pianos, organs and
all other musical instruments of all grades
and prices: terms easy; prlce3 lowest: every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy tha
customer.
OHMER & CO.. Byron Mauxy. Gabler, Spell-
t__n aad other pianos. SOS Post st.Rudolph Spreckels (owner) with L. Arthur
(contractor),, architect plans by owner—Grad
ing, concrete/brick, "Iron, stone and carpenter
work, plastering, painting, glazing.' hardware
and tinning for a two-story brick building on
S line of Pacific street, 80 W of Polk, S no,
W 43:C. S .17:8%. W 12:6, N 127 :8'/i. thence 50
to beginning: $6650.^
Louis Sloss. Jr. -(owner) with George Good
man (contractor), architect Albert Pissls — Con
crete basement floor, stone sidewalk, cementing
of walls and piers and pumping for building
on S corner of • Mission and Fremont streets,
SE 137:6 by SW 137:6; $6422.
Mrs. • Amelia Walsh (owner) with MeCullough
Contracting Company, corporation (contractors),
architect James A. McCullough— All work for
a two-gtory. attic and basement frame resi
dence on SE corner of Maple and Clay streets,
S 7S:SV4. thence E 87:6, S 2S. \V 87:6. J* 25, West
em Addition block 8S4: $2760.
Builders' Contracts.
Joseph E. and Harriet B. Nutting to Herman
F. and Mary B. ¦ Whlrlow, lot on W line of
Powell street, 22 8 of Clay, W 75 by S 40; gift
Frank and Louisa Sllva (Searle, nee Brlody)
to Grace Gates, lot on NE corner of Hyde and
Lombard streets, -N 77:6 by E 68:9; $10.
Annie J. McCarty to William McCarty, lot on
SW line of Lengton street, 205 NW of Bryant,
NW 25 by SW 80; gift.
William McCarty tp Annla J. McCarty, eame;
gift. ""
Mary M. B. Martin to James W. Clark, lot
or. W line of Tenth avenue, 225 S of L street,
S 25 by W 120; $10. . . : r%
Frances Hess to Louis ChapuU, lot on B line
of Kureka street, 222:6 S of Twentieth, S 25
by E 125; $20.
Louis Chapuls to Wllhelmina Chapula (wife),
same; gift.
I. I. Brown to William H. Harrison, lot on
W line of Shotwell street, 23:11^ S of Twenty-
Bccond, S 23:3 by W 96:6; $10. .
George T. Johnson to Marcus G. Johnson lot
on S line of Jefferson street, 62:6 W of Brod
erlck. W 75. S 137:6, E 137:6, N 23, W 62:6 N
112:6; $10. '
Same to L. Eugene Lee» lot on E line of
Steiner street, 172:6 N of Broadway, N 25 by
E 137:6; $2250.
Estate of Joseph M. Wood (by Abbie R. and
Martha Wood, executrlces) to Charles R.
Havens, lot on E line of Steiner street, 163:6
N of Broadway, 'N 9 by E 137:6; JS10.
Virginia G. Williams (wife) to Robert N.
Williams, lot on W line of Fillmore street 73
S of Green. S-62:6. W 137:6, N 37:6, E 37:6 N
25, E 100; also -lot on N line of Vallejo street
137:6 E of Steiner, E 6S:9 by N 137:0; also lot on
N line of Vallejo street, C2:6 E of Scott, E 75
by N 137:6; $1.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
W Trelnbor. Ill
H Lesinsky. N Y
A R Lesinsky, N Y
Dr Frizell. Bakersfield
Mrs Frizell. Bakersfld
A S Underhili, N Y
Mrs Underhili. N Y
P L Kroff, Germany
Dr Ha;emann, Germy
C E Jaffe. U S N
E P Newton. L Ang
Mrs FitzDatrick. 1- A
Miss Elzln. L Ang
J H Henry, S Jose
A N Juri, N Y
F W Stacleton. Oakld
"vT V/att. Stanford
3f F Tarpey, Alameda
L G Davis. Arizona
H Conemeyer. N Y
J Bisslnger, Portland
A W Brown. N Y
S Schwarz, N Y ~
W E Hall, N Y
F N Smith. England
Mrs Smith, England
Rachel Smith. England
B W Smith. England
|C P Dubbs. Pa
U H Hernon. L Ang
jW D Palmer. Ga
iC B Welles, Honolulu
M Wichman, Honolulu
C Gause. Stanford
YV Ii Green. Denver
C A Miller. L. Anc
J German, Canada «
B Becker Germany
F H Harvey. Gait
A C Vincent, Chicago
A J Clark, Denver
J McDonou~h, Denver
Mrs McDonough, Denv
R A Eddy. Mont
j Mrs Eddy, Mont
Grace Hammond, Mont
Daisy Hammond, Mont
A W More. Tesla
! E Dougherty, Cal
|Mrs Dougherty. Cal
Ada Doucherty. Cal
J W Dougherty, Cal
L Dougherty. Cal
I Lucy Herrlck. Cal
I Miss Bartlett. Cal
A Hathwalte. N Y
GRAND HOTEL
A M Phalln. Martinez
R E Bevan, MarysviUe
J H Phelan. Marysv
A Ray, Decoto
T Graesslin, Decoto
T Cook, Napa
R E Borland. Martinez
M Friend. Oakland
W T Riler. Oakland
vV W Jeff, Oakland
" H Marsh, Sumpter
" E Clark, Fresno
Mrs Clark. Fresno
A King & w, Hanford
A E Dunbar, Tacoma
(J A Carlton. Victoria
tv O Owens & w.
Wash
I F Hi>s8e, Denver
C W Lewis, Chico
J H Harding & w. Cal
E W Alexander & w,
San Jose
VV Stelger. Petaluma
J M Mahl, Sacto
F M West. Stockton .
R N Graham. Bakerafd
IP II Thompson, L Ang
F H Botsrord. Phila
Mrs C CarlBon. New
castle i
Miss Carlson, Newcstle
A C Morrison. Cal '
B S Gurner, Hanford
G J Ketchum. N Y
P \V Hodges, Los Ane
D Casper. Nev
E Rohill & w. Fresno
W F-Siegel, Sonora
F "VV Warren Jr. Or
W V Rlley & w, Valjo
G O Smith & w, Vail jo
A V W Schmidt, Henl->
.T Gleason, Sacto
J Spinney. Fresno
Miss S I>avls. Stockton
W P Thomas, Uklah
S G Bryton. Ukiah
W W Priestly, Smarts
ville
HOTEL ARRIVAL.
PALACE HOTEL.
Arizona — Showers Monday.
San Francisco, and vicinity — Generally cloudy
and threatening, probably without rain: brisk
northwest wind. G. H. WILLSON,
Local Forecast Official.
Conditions are favorable for cloudy weather
with showers in Southern California and the
southern portion of Northern California Mon
day. Rain warnings have been sent throughout
the San Joaquin Valley. Northwest wind signals
are hoisted at Eureka and Point Reyes light.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight. September 24. 19W:
Northern California— Generally cloudy Mon
day, probably with showers in the southern
portion; brisk to high northerly wind.
Southern California— Cloudy, with showers
Monday: fresh west wind.
Nevada— Showers Monday; high northerly
Wind.
Utah— Cloudy, witii showers Monday; high
northerly wind.
A thunderstorm is reported from Phoenix.
High northerly winds prevail along the coast
from San Francisco northward and quite gen
erally over the interior of Northern California,
Nevada and Utah.
The weather is clear over the northern por
tion of California and Southern Nevada. Else
where It is generally cloudy and threatening.
Light rain has fallen in Arizona, Washington,
Orecon and Idaho.
The pressure has fallen decidedly over the
Pacific Slope and Upper Missouri Valley. Over
the Rocky Mountain region the fall has been
nearly half an inch. An area of abnormally
low pressure overlies the western portion of
the country.
The temperature has fallen decidedly In all
districts west of the Rocky Mountains, except
Southern Arizona.
•\» ; . (120th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, Sept. 23, 1900—5 p. m.
The following maximum temperatures were
reported from stations in California to-day:
Eureka 5S;Los Angeles,. 71
Mount Tamalpals.... 6CjSacramento S4
Independence S^ San Luis Oblspo 64
Red Bluff 76 San Diego S8
Fresno S4I
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
6S: minimum, 54: mean, 61.
Weather Report.
THE SAF FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 24, lyuu.
9
AUCTION SALE! 5^
TUESDAY, Sept. Z5, 11 o'clock, at 1CT MAR-
KET ST.. of Horses, suitable for all purr<iS^s.
broken and unbroken. S. WATKINS, j
Auctioneer. I
fc* £a* • £^
AT AUCTION on Market St.. between Twelfth
and Thirteenth. TUESDAY, September ?3. we
will sell 37 draft and driving horses. 3 spans
handsome black tearcs; these hor«es must be
sold. S. WATKIXS.
AUCTION SALE
f&U* AT
GRAND ARCADE HORSE MARKET
S27 SIXTH ST.
WEDNESDAY SEPT. 2B. AT 11 A. M.
By order or J. C. Renham of Chicago, we will
sell 75 sets ot new harness." consisting of bug-
fry, wagon and team, double and single; also
30 head of horses and mares.
SULLIVA3T & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
STATEMENT
• —OF THE—
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
—OF THE—
SVEA
FIREANDLIFE
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF GOTHENBURG. SWEDEN. ON THE
31st day of December, A. D. 1899. and for
the year ending on that day. ae made to the
Insurance Commissioner of the State of Call-
: fornia, pursuant to the urovlsicns of sections
610 and 611 of trie Political Code, condensed as
per blank furnished by the Commissioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up in
: Cash J533.333 33
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company ISSS.COO 00
loans on Bond? and Mortgages 2,941.141 14
, Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
j Bonds owned by Company 2,297,015 08
Amount of Loans secured by pledge
of Bonds, Stocks, and other, mar-
! ketable securities as collateral 1.10S.C57 37
Cash ln Banks 137.132 30
Intei est due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loass .'. 71.931 20
i Premiums ln due Course of Collection 40,335 7S
I Due from Agents 1S1.192 H2
Due from other Companies 2S3.242 9»
Other Assets - 9.134 45
Total Assets •. J7.7S7.843 72 j
LIABILITIES. -»
Losses adjusted and unpaid 1
Losses in process of Adjustment or
In Suspense $145,CC0 OC
Losses resisted. Including ex-
penses ,
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-1
Ring one year or less; reinsur-
ance SO per cent
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run- } €37,671 46
ning more than one year; rein- i
surance pro ratjt J I
Liability under Life Department 5,172,530 27
Cash dividends remaining unpaid 12.633 33
Due and to become due for bor-
rowed money 53,333 33
All other demands against the Com-
pany 2*5,346 41
Total Liabilities JC.262.CS7 SO J
INCOME. I
Net cash actually received for Fire ]
premiums fl.6C9.442 14 |
Received for Interest on Bonds and
Mortgages 2SO.S03 11
Received from all other sources l.iZS,-&2 >l ;
Total Income S2.913,^7 4.1
EXPENDITtTRES.
Net amount paid for Fire Losses $743,307 23 !
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 611. S 15 04 ,
Paid for Salaries. Fees, and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc 134. 383 S2 |
Paid for State. National and Local
taxes 2O.3S4M!
All other payments and expenditures 1.4:i).4'3l 07 j
Total Expenditures $2,S42.e:'l 2S
Fire losses Incurred during the year. J745.S67 23
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums. |
Net amount of Risks
written during the
year f... $430,375,504 12.210 S90 S3
Net amount of Risks
expired during the I
year j 205.9S7.S43 1,016*69 87
Net amount ln force i !
December 31, 1S59 j g2,561,670 1.S03J331 91
~~ OLOF WIJK. Pres'ti
ERNEST BRING. S«*y.
Subscribed and sworn to before me. thl* 30th
day of March, 19C0. GUDM. AKERMAKK.
Notary PuMlc.
EDWARD BROWN & SONS,
GENERAL AGENTS,
411-413 California Street,
E&i Francisco, Cal.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
• Steamers leave Broadway J
hjk wharf, San Francisco:
V<Tft»»w ¦ For Alaskan Ports — 11 a.m\. j
t*V**?><B^__ Fpptmiber 23, !S, 'Oct. 3. j
J^^tt?*^^ Chance to company's steam- i
«%.&¦¦« V«?a er» at Seattle. !
KswSssUjKn For Victoria. Vancouver
|£Sj3r^%'^{ <B - Cl) - Port T^wnsend. Se- I
O^^^^* l^rf^VU attle. Tacoma. Everett. Ana- ;
cortes and New Whatc^m*!
(Wash.), 11 a. m.. September j
23. ??. Oct. 8 and every fifth day thereafter. )
Change at Seattle to this company's steamers j
for Alaska and G. N. R'y: at Seattle or Tacoma ;
to N. P. R'y; at Vancouver to C. P. R'y.
For Eureka. Humboldt Bay— 2 p. m., Septem- j
ber SO. S3, SO, Oct. 5. and every fifth day there- I
after.
For Santa Crui. Monterey. Son Simeon, Cayu-
ros. Port Harford (Pan Luis Oblspo). Gaviota,
Santa Barbara. Ventura, Hueneme. San Pedro.
East San Pedro (Los Aneeles> and Newport — 9
a. m.. Scritpmber 20. 24, IS. Oct. 2. and every
fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Obispo). Santa Barbara. Port
.Los Aneeles and Redondo (Los AngelesV— 11 a.
m.. September 22, 26, 30, Oct. 4 and every fourth
day thereafter.
For Ensfnada, Magdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo, Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mexico) — 10 a. m.. 7th of each
month.
For further Information obtain company's
folders.
The company reserves the right to change
sti*j»mer«. Milltns dates . and - hours of sailing
without previous notice.
TICKFT OFFICE— 4 New Montgomery
street fPalaw Hotel).
GOODALL, PERKINS A CO.. Gen. Agents..
10 Market St., San Francisco.
w n. r. & n. *n.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTL .A. 1ST ID
From Spear-street Wharf at II A. M.'
CAD£ '$12 First Class inclu3lng Berlh
I 0 " $8 Second Class cr>d Meals.
FTATE OF CALIFORNIA sails.... Sept. 20. V)
COLUMBIA sails.. Se?t. 23. Oct. S
Short line to Walla Walla. Spokane. Butte.
Helena and all points In the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD, General Agent.
£33 Market st.
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO..
Superintendents.
OCEANIC S. 8. CO.-HONOLITLU, APIA
AUCKLAND ANI> StDNEY.
S. S. MOANA (via Honolulu) to New Zea-
¦ land and Australia.- "Wed., Oct. 3. 9 p. m.
S. S. AUSTRALIA (Honolulu only)
....Wednesday, Oct. 17. 2 p. m.
J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO.. Agts.. 643 Market St
Pier 7. Pno» PsriiV St Prai^ht OXi.-n. 327 Market St
/T Ifek D r »»jtfktom' s Dispensary,
E»n Vit^ti ln ***** * or thetr»ntmentot Private
£«LiJ»tf$iSl Wsenaes, Lost Manhood Debility or
5l§f85wT»5& digeasef earing on bodyand mlna and
\SS'£^fi, 1$\1 skin Dlseast*. Thf <ioctorcutvswhen
»V^s1SfT'a"tbersfall Try him Charger 10 w
r*^aafi;wiiiM3 *•¦¦--- ji— °--^« — » « CalJorwrire
l»r- J. Jt' UlBBOS. Kox 1937.San h ra^cUco
BAILROAD TRAVEL. ~~~
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY.
Leave San' Francisco via Sausallto Ferry:
WEEK DATS 9:30 a. m.. 1:15 and 5:15 p. m.
BUXDAYS..8, 9, 10. 11 a. m.. 1:30 and 2:30 p* m.
Fare San Francisco to Summit and return, tl 40.
NEW TAVERN OF TAMALPAIS NOW OPEN.
TICKET OFFICES «21 MARKET ST..
SAUSALITO FERRY.
BAHEOAD TBA7EL
NOt'THKItM I' A fin*' <'O3II*AXT.
(PAcino mystcm.>
Train* !••«»•> »•••! »»••«• <•••«• to nrrlf* •»•
MAN nUMCIMW
(Main Line. Fcoc oi Market Street)
LSatk — From SzrTEUESR 12, 19C0. — *KJi'a
•7:OOa Bt-nictv Hr.iMui. Elmira. Vacaiillo.
Runcse» »uil .">»CT*i::eiito . *7stS*
•7 :•»(/.* Sn»ta Kii.r. .«- d.»tU. Williams (for
lUrtlett Springs). Willow*, lied
Hlufl, Portland. TjM*
*T:3*a M»mi:«. >»u I: »;in'ii. V*:> y >.>**;>».
CtSUt. -g.t vm.i .-..jiit.j* liosa *Sil3p
•S:O«a DstIs. \V ootUand, Knights Landisg,
Marjsulle. orovillx *7:l3r
Miflo, Arlai ti<: Kxiiress-Octleu and But *12:l-~>r
'N:O«» v Jtiiea, Trjcy, La:hrop, Stockton *1I:15a
•»:»«* Sifi .:..*-. L.iten.iurr. HluBUlm,
lone, ttacraiuruto. P!*eerTiUe.
M.-n-jnviil-. Oiiu.i. lied H'.nlT M»t»»
•¦tS»*O»kiU:r, Chine**, Koiinra, Carters... M»l»«
•!»:»»» » !Ia}w»r<!s. Nile* and V. ny .stations. *l Ii 13a
•»•:«»* Loa Angeies Li; re* — Martinx*.
Tr.cy. i.v..i,r.i!.. .Suxdtton. Mureeti
l-rr-.M. »r,.l Lo. iAiisulM »7il3p
•»:»«* Vail.j... Wxfii ¦ IM IV,; Hr»'l, m ) "lilSr
•1 ••:»(»» The Overland U«>iWd— OglJau, l'«a-
rer, O«i»ha. Chicago ••;41t
*1I:OO* Ni!'«. Stockton, rtiicritinruto, \f*ti-
dnte. Pri-aao. Muifurd. Viniia.
l-trteriiUo "IjISp
* 1 1 :OOa Lffermnts. Hm:c?t. G"«hrn Jano-
lion. B.ltiTisti-id, let .UgelM
•I2:O«M Hay »¦:»)•..*. .Nile* •ltd C Jj 3UUUIJ4. *9><%F
tl:OOr Hiu'4Xii)«nto KitvrH'.exmwin )3:0i>A
•:::Oiii- t(ij--">rl'. Nile«»n<l Wai Ktationa. •!>:•¦¦* r
•-|:»«r MuUiir; Nan K«mn... V»!lo)u.
N«!.;«. ( . K ... ttMia it<iM •»«!»»
*li<t»r Reuicu. Winter*, Macrawento,
WotHllfttul, Kiitolits l.«iJi»<.
M.irj»»illH, Oro?i!l« «IB:«4
•l:3«»r Nile*, sau.fimpaiiil Stnekton • i Jjl»r
•3;1»«rTh« Owl I.i.-ulle.l— Tracy. Firnuo.
l:ak«r»U«l<l. naugua for S^i:t» Uar-
barm Loa AuBeleS. *I«:I^»
•.V0«»p Stockton *»i«3a
*3:U»r New Orl"a&f Express -itKkttMnxM,
Knuta lUnwia. i*m Angeles. I'mu-
ing. El l'isu, New (.limns auil
Kant •?¦«*»
•«:»Or IJayniiriU. Kile* mud Imii J<m •?-.4-->*
1O:«MH- Vall.-jo MJ:15»
»«;©» v Oriental M-til-Ogiien. Cbeyencs.
Omaiin. CliiciE:i •. *13:-I5r
*H:«Or Orieutai IL:i -<> K ,it-n. Denvn.
Om»i.a. Ct;lc»(t.» - MitSf
•7sOO' Ndea. Tr»cj. L%thros>. 8tockton.... *iasliip
*?:tfur Urcsuti aim Calitornix K4pr«M n«o>
riiMKutu. ¦lUrju.iiv. I.Vi.li u.
1-oiM.i.i.I. Pii^t H I «i,.l Ra«l •«:!.•>%
t<l : ".-.p Vali, j.». r.ut 1,'oita and Waj nt».
ti..i.H |I1 Hi>f
(OAST HI VISION (Narro.t «i«» R p).
(Fnottit ilirket.Strorl.i
;< :4.1a fcianu t'nu: Excursion tor Santa
C i;.-. aud i'i.m-.i ,«i tVa; .-t *::..n« {SsOor
"":I5i N.»rark.(_.'-titi-rt!.;i-.>lmo.lc»») I-Vif.i.ii
ItniriiwiiwrtJlBiilB ICTiniMSHlirBj
HUU»M •8;8i»i»
t'4il.%r Newnrk, IVntnrtlttr, ,S*n ./„»<«. N>w
Alnia.too, foltoo, Kim!t\m Cnwk,
% s ••.!* Una »i..l I'ttontyl Way
HtaMona •l*i»w»
*l:l»p N«-rar*. Kan .'¦«<•. I^» Oatoa »^:.*»«»*
i'.IIpi;;>nw<»t Krlton, S"in»t» <Yuz .. . »Wil>B»a
C REEK ROUTE FERRY.
nrMiSil r»»g3CT" fmH »! IsirfM Strf.t (Sin l>—
•7:1R UOO J1UOA.II. Jl:53 *S;30 t3 »
•t:C3 15:03 'S:S5r.«.
.'nmOlIUHB— r«sl •rBro»J#«f.— *fi;00 8:00 10 OO.t «.
1I2:C3 *l:g3 }2.:J ; ;:C3 tt:S3 *3:53f.»i.
1*OA.<I DH'.sion (Br«a4lla«K»).
(Thiril :.i it Tiwii i St<.)
1«i:l«\ <)c«r»u Viotr, .-ioiiiji .->*n l''r*!ic:«.-'>. . J«»::i^»e
? 7:00a Snn .lout. :»•.! Uny Sl.«ti..im <Net»
Almt.lrii \Vr.iim^l«y«ouly) *ls3«p
t?>304 Sunday Cicursioa f i San Jom,
s^rti Ctes, ••a.-iu.". Gro7o and
Priueipal *>"*y Sutioui t**-'-'ip
•lii«d» htn Tiij«. Tint Mntin. Hxiitn < 'rtix,
iconic iifWHK ''*¦¦•" HiiM— . Hwi
1 .ntn <)1.Ihi»>. .Surf, Lompoc aiul
1*riiiei(ml V.'«r Su»ti..i. s M.l«p
•l..;4ii« n»ii Jose ami '•',-»> tffrthtrt "•»*»«
•I 1:30* -,. tl i.)-.»-. I.-. ->t;jtus ti..i V. A>-i,ttini.« *3t:ti>p
ySvtarSa* ,\Ut.«>. Kuilir— it. aianla P*ik.
l*ain Ahn. Santa »;:ara. San Jimm,
Tres J'ino*. Santa ('nir. Kaliuu,
Viinifn-y mi.: t'*cii:c KroTe H>l:;iiii
(:i::i»r.'-*n,lc]i3Hi.t Way Klattam •»»•«»
M:l.'.i- s*ii Jr.»e an. I Principal «»j .Station* »T>: !•¦»?
(J:»aroaii ..i.x». Lorn Gatoa »u,l 1'iiucipal
WayStatlom «>:On,
•5:."ll»pai4iiJni«anil l'riDcin»l Waj Statlout t»::t">A
•ii::ttip «a:i .1 oar an. I Way Sratiolii »«:«!>»
»ll:43;- San .loan «;..! Wot SHa'Jonn «- S Si>p
A tor Uomiiig V tea .A Nowmk
•Dailj. t Sunday exesnted. J Sunday ».aly.
bS-itiir.iuy oulj.
a Saturday and Suudir. c Mocday oali-
CALIFORNIA N3HTnW£5TERH BY. CO.
LESS3B
SAN FHAKGISGO AKD NORTH PAG1FI3
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tifcuron Ferry, Foot ot Market St.
¦ BAN FRANCISCO TO 8AN RAFAEL.
--WEEK DAYS- 7:~0. 9:00. 11:00 a. m. : 12:33.
3:30. 5:10. 6:20 r>- n». TJiur3c!3ra — Extra trip
at 11 :S0 o. m. tlxtra trips at US*
rnd 11:30 d. m.
SUNDAYS— g :M. 9:33. 11:00 a. m.: 1:30. S.ZQ.
5:0n. «:20 D. m.
SAM RAFAEL TO SAX FRANCISCO.
"WEEK D.vYS— 6:10, 7:o0. S:20. 11:10 a. m. ; 12:43.
l:i0. 5:15 p. m. Saturdays-Extra tries at
1:E5 and 6:33 d. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:13. 9:40. 11:10 a. m.: 1:40. S:-i0.
6:05. 6:^ r>. m.
IJetween f*n Francisco and Sohuetzen Paric
came rcbetlulo cm abova.
Leave ! In Effect. 1 Arrive
San Francisco. [Apr. 15, 1W0.I San Franclaco.
"Week J Sun- j [ Sun- I We-ii
Days. | days, f Destination.! Caya. | Days.
7:35 ami 8:00 pml Novattx 110:40 am! 8:40 ara
1:30 jci! 9:30 ami Petaluma. I S:Cj pm!10:C3 am
t:U pm{ 5:C0 pm! Santa Rusa.l 7:S5 pm| 6:20 pm
I Fulton.
Windsor. ¦ 10:25 am
HsaMshurff.
1 Lytton.
| Oiyservtlle.
3:30 pra' S:CO am Cloverdale. I 7:33 pm «:20 pm
"7:30 an 1 t Hopland I 110:25 an
8:3? pm| S:00 amf antl Uklah. I 7:25 pm, «:20 prq
T:SO am !10:S ana
8:00 am Guernevllle. 7:35 pm!
8:20 j>m I 6:3) pn»
7:30 am! 8:00 ami Sonoma 9:15 am 8:40 am
and
B:13 pm' 5:00 pm! Glen Ellen. (5:05 pm «:20 pm
7:30 am* 3:C0 am! iI0:W am;iO:23 am
2:3) pm! 5:C0 pm; Sebastcpol. | 7:35 pm, 1:20 pm
' Stazes connect at Santa Rr>«a for Mark "West
Fprinjts and Wh'te Sulphur Springs: at Fulton
for AJtr.iria: at I.vtton fr»r Lytton Springs; at
Geyaervllle for Skasgs Pprir.zs: at Cloverdale
for the Geysers: at Hooland for Duncan
Sprlnsr*. Hlghlard Springs. KelseyvlHo. Carls-
bad Sprlnss. Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga
Pprlnss. Blue Laks«. Laurel Dell Lake, V/ltter
Bprlnjrs. Upp*r Lake. P6mo. Potter Valley.
John Day's, Riverside, Lierley**. Buctcneil's.
PanhedHn Heights, Kullvllle. Orr's Hot
Sprinjry. Mend'vlno City, Fort Prag?. West-
port. L'sa!. Willits, Lflvtonville. Cummins.
Bell's Springs, Harris. Olsen's. Dyer, Scotia
and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday rounl^trlo tickets at
reduced rates.
On Snndiy round trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office*. S30 Market St.. Chronicle- bids.
H. C. WHITING, K. X. RYAN.
General Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausaltto Ferry.
Commeocins April 22. 1300l
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL. VAXXET
AND SAN RAFAEI*
WEEK DAY*-7:00. "8:30. S:SO. 11:00 a. m.;
12:45. »l:t5, 3:15. 4:15. •i:la. 8:13, 8:40 p. m. ,.
EXTRA TRIPS— For &IU1 Valley and Saa
Rafael, on Mondays. Wednesdays. Saturdays
and Sundays, at 9:00 and 11:31 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 7:C0. »S:CO. •9:^0. »10:0O. 11:00, 11:30
a. m.; 13:45. 1:30. ::30, »3:45. 5:00, «:C0. 7:20
p. m.
11:00 a. m. does not run to San Rafael Sun-
days.
Trains marked (•) run to San Quer.tln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 5:33. »«:20 7:50. 8:40. '10^ a.
m.; 12:30. 1:15. 2:15. *3:30. 4:30. 5:30 p. m.
EXTR.\ TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at *S:(5 and 10:20 r>. m.
SVNI>AYS— «:15. •S:^. »9:50. »U:00 a. m.: *12:00
m.; l:C0. 2:15 *3:30. 4:30. *5:45. «:1S, 7:30. 10:M
P. m.
Trains marked (•> start from San Quer.tin.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN' FRANCISCO.
WEEK DATS— &U, 6:43, 8:00. S:55, 10:30 a.
in.: 12:25. 1:45. !:15. 3:30. 4:5(>. 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TKIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:20 p. m.
SUNDATS-6:33. S:03. 10:05, 11:10 a. m.; 12:15,
1:20. 2:00. 3:43, 4:55. 615. 7:05. 10:30 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:00 a. m. week days — Cazadero and way sta-
tions.
3:15 p. m. Saturday*— Cazadero and way sta-
tions.
8:00 a. m. Sundays— Cauidero and way sta-
tions.
12:45 p. xa. Sundays— Point Raves and way sta-
tlora.
5anta Fe
Trains— D a »y
Leave Mar* it-street Ferry Depot
Lve. San Francisco. 1 »:0O a mi4:li> p mi S:0O p m
Arr. Stockton 12:3u p m 7:15 » m ( U:05 p m
"M-srced 2:42 pm l:JJ»n
" Fresno 4:20 p m J:05 a, ta
• " Vlralla 8:CO p m 4:50 a m
•* Tular* 6:22 p m i:lu a n»
- Hanford 5:33 pm 7:04 a nV
" Bakersfleld ... S:50 p m 7:W a n»
M Denver 10:00 am —
•• Kansas City... 5:13 p m
" ' ChioKQ 7:40 am
9 a. m. train Is the Overland Express. Corre-
sponding train arrives at ( p. m. daily.
4:10 p. m. is Stockton Local. Corresponding
train arrlvea lt:05 a. m. dally.
8:00 p. m. Is Fresnrv and Bakersneid Express,
with Sleeping Cars for both dtie*. Correspcnd-
lne train arrivts it I a, m. dally.
OFFICESl-841 Market st. and In Terry Depot.
San Fraaciac<Ji_XUi £rc«dvoorv Q*&1*D<L
MUSICAL INSTRUCTION.
A FINE assortment of high grade planes; Ha-
rclton. Drwlnir Bros.. Hardmans, etc.; fine
upripht for I1C5; nice piano J50. DEWIXG'S
Flood build ins.
VIOLIN Ftrings; never wet; best In the world"
making: and repairing of all kinds of musical
Instruments. Carl C. Anderson, 417 Geary st.
GENTLKMATC eoing Hast trill sacrifice ele-
erant upright prand piano. 324 Golden Gate.
$— -GOOD piano, f.ne tone, for sale on jsln^
Ftallments. 1115 Pc^t st.
BARGAIN— Good piano cheap; Installment $3
lor mor.th. SCHMITZ. 16 McAllister 6 L
\\". O. BAI'GEU, <12 Paoranvr.to Ft. acent for
Frf.r.ri; P?ccn and Hallctt & Davis pianos.
B 52?H25 violins, zithers, old and new. H.
_-' I l_y'JtP' roaker. repairer. 2 Latham place.
REDUCTION sale; new pianos; $5 payments;
for rfr.t. $2 up. BRUEXN. 20S Post st.
HIGH-GRADE pianos; Steck. Hard man. Con^
over & others. W. B. ALLEN CO.. 314 Post.
SLAUGHTER sale of upright pianos for *tor-
cre; h>0 up. Wilson's Storage. 1710 Market st.
Jl\l~U».. S^'n^ay: perfect order. $575.
MCEFFE'S. i-ns Markft ct.. bet Mh and 6th.
OFFICES AXD STORES TO LI2T.
GROCERS— Store cor. Hayes and Gouch. for-
merly occupied by Cluff Bros., now by Stager
J^ros.. for rent from October 1: $tw. ASHTOX
& GAP.WXEB, 411 Montgomery st.
LARGE elegant Btcre and basemen! : m Va1»n-
c.a. St., near 21pt; business center; suitable
.or any business.
/.SMALL «hop to rent suitable for shoemaker;
SP r<r month. 6TT Gough Et.
rALSIISTKY.
MRS. VAN" BAKr.R. Brier.llnc palmistry. 7C2
Eddy, nr. Polk; no fign; hours. 1 to 8 p. m.;
Sunday by appointment; phone. Polk 1155.
MME. NEEP.OAARD has re-moved to 700 Post;
hourg 1 to 5 «fc. and Punday by appointmant.
PARTNERS WANTED.
WANTED— Lady having a good paying restau-
rar.t wishes a lady partner. Box 44G3. Call.
PERSONAL-..
A NOBLE foreign gentleman, elngrle. young.
university education, epeakinff several lan-
puapps, having twren ail over the world, would
Hk«» e.n fngaperr.er.t as companion; references
piven to a j^erBon moving in e°od society or
to some one traveling. BARON S. L-, box
4472. Call effice.
SOCNQ rancher, 36 years, dark hair a.nd eye«.
would like to form acquaintances of younj
lady or wldcw cf some means: object, matrl-
rr-fiy; correspondence eonldentlal. Address
P.ar.cher. bcx iCl.. Call office.
TOUXG cent, hcr.est and industrious, would
like the acquaintance of young lady: Scandi-
navian or German; object matrimony. Ad-
riress M. L.. box 20:$. Call office, Oakland.
LEDEKUn, the popular hairdresser, artistic
hairdrt --t-sinjr only by the best hair artists;
2£c hair rolls and switches a specialty.
THE HUDSON RIVER CO., ~
HOPKE BROS.
Mattresses ar.2 'pi'.lows mad? to order. r»cov-
<r«-<J end renovated; honest work puarant^ed;
prices defy competition: fine upholstery: phone
iMS; factrry, £1S and 210 E'leventh tt. ; first-
r;a5g clear.-.ng and dyeins. liS O'Farre'l st.,
nrar Powell. Fan Francisco.
JULIAXISil.
Scientific Heal'pjr.
. 112 Golden Gate ave.
ELECTRIC lights ln every room— Winchester
Hot<=l. 44 Third tt. . near Market: 700 rooms:
;.".c to II £0 per rijrht; II 5( to 16 per week:
rr»=e 'bus and bajrgape to ard from the terry.
LEDEQEB*S Qulntonica Hair Tonic. 25c bot.:
. • .,u'.i:ies and gives that gliiss. 1C3 fctockton.
!-IITS to order on installments: 115 upward;
*; a week. LEON LF.lIOf. 1117 Market et..
between Seventh er.d Eiphth.
PILES— SSO permanent cures in San Francisco,
v. !.o can be seen: no operation; no pain: par-
tlcnlara pent. Ad. PhyElciar., box 1^50. Call.
LEDEREBT8 Fcsmo Sharr.poo. 6c pks. ; cleanses
ard pweeters the h&ir; you must try It.
PRIVATE d^fctive work; reasonable rates: 10
years' experience. J. B. RAY. 3C7 Jessie st.
FTITS to order on easy payments. Art Taper-
ing Co.. 1641 Mkt.. under S;. Nicholas Hotel
HAIR quickly curled or wavei by usine Tal-
cott'E curlirafr flu'd; I5c a bottle; drujrgrists.
WANTED— Old-fayh:.-ned silver. bra*s, cepper
ware: curios, all descriptions. T23 Dupont Bt.
AL.FREDUMS Efrrptian Henna restores cray
l;a:r to Us natural color: SI. at all druggist*.
CAST-OFF clothing, old poM and silver bought;
««.r.ti r-s'-al. COLEMAN'S. t f 6 Kearny ft.
PHYSICIANS ANO SlUGEOXS.
rn. C. C. O'DONNELL— Ornce and residence,
lCSl' 1 * Market ft., between Sixth and Seventh.
REAL. ESTATE— CITV— FOR SALE.
AT^fr^rccir^^cTr^STTlarkeT t ; .
Real Estate and Investment Air-nts.
Full Charge Taken DJ Property.
IiOC.000 — El!is-8t. corner; :."xl37:6; downtown;
splendid building; pay» better than
bonds.
5C2.OOO— Two comers; 166x120 feet; close to Van
Ness ave. and McAllister st.
140,000 — Comer; modern buildings; pays 8 per
cent net; lot $0x137:6.
JIO.OOO — Corner; 6a feet front; vicinity Jones
and Geary tts.; choicest corner In this
district
S— ,009 — 75 fe*t front on Sixth »t. ; i stores and
« data: rents $2400 per year.
$25,000 — Comer; three stpres and flats; lot E5x
S5 feet; rents $200.
tU,00&— Oary et. ; new improvement*: rent*
cm,
112.100— McAllister et- buriness property; store
er.d flats; rents $1023 annually; lot Sox
327:6 feet.
$:0,CW— na^y-st. flats; rents $35: 2 frontag-efc.
$S,(rj&— Rents $70: new fats rear Van Ners ave.
S4,6Ou — 4 nice flats; rents $46; lot 30x115 feet.
CHOICE UNIMPROVED BARGAINS.
f25,0u&— 27:5x137:6 feet; water front; 2 fror.t-
a£e»; Stockton et. and North Point;
this is tn idca.1 maDufacturlnc site.
$30,000 — 137:6xl2S feet; northwest corner Gough
and Clay Bts.: magnificent residence
¦It*; fine marine view.
$10,000— Southeast corner Market and Church
ets.: 61x108 feet; 2 c&r lines; want offer;
murt f»>ii.
A. M. SPECK & CO.. G£7 Market Pt.
THE choicest lots ln Richmond; very desirable;
if you are looking for lots to build a home on
you, must haye one of these; location Is
every lYAng; ta£e your wife out and let her
decide/ a« «he has to be home all day and
her- satisfaction is your happiness; these are
the creitm of R.1 chmond.
West tide of Tenth ave.. close to Clement—
1 left; 2.-X120; a pretty home on each side;
nice gardens; very choice; $$00.
Pixth ave., near Clement— 2 lots, 25x120;
very cheap and choice.
Eleventh ave.. close to Clement— 2 lots, 25
X120; !*00 each.
For terms and particulars call at office, as
I intend to eell these lots: all street work
done. W. J. GCNN.
£30 California Bt.
HOUSE for sale— Ten rooma and two baths,
furnace, electric lights, cas. completely car-
r*ted; on Presidio Heights; marine view; lot
Sa-g'ixlOO; ht>ui>e and carpets one year old;
prise fO-XiO. Apply 311 Epruce st.. between Sac-
ramento and Clay. .
JIOOO TO $10,000 each— "We have made a epe-
cialty this week of listing eight of the very
heft city Income properties that can be had
for the money: no time to write ad. for to-
day. TOWLER &. CO.. H13 Call building.
FOIt SALE— Great bargain; new 8-room park
residence; substantial; handsome; cheap;
tf-rms to suit purchaser; owner on premises,
tit Clayton et.. eouth cf Haight; electric cars
£>a£S the door.
A GEM for or.!y J2S0O— Nev modern fcout-e of 6
rooma and bath: grand view of park and
ocean: easy termc: Vi cash, balance monthly.
Hee owner on premises, 1E24 Tenth ave., near
K. et.. Sunset district. .
JTCrX) CA£IL balance remain ( per cent; good
income property ln tenements; rent* in
monthly: 3 blocks from New City Hall. Bos
«471. CxtJl office.
A BAP.GAIN; cottage of 4 rooma and bath;
hard finished; level lot; 7-foot planked bas*--
iifnt; I1SS0; J2S0 down. 4C3 Bank Bt., near
Portland ave.
j;tqo— FOR sale; house of 4 rooms; upper flat
cn& rtcr* with 2 roome; lot 18:6x50; rents $15;
at 7 Dccatur St. Apply C Decatur «t.
f :5 000— CORNER 'ot. 100x120; new building,
crocery end bar, etcck and fixtures: on end
cf car line; clearing $200 mo. Pox 3716. Call.
WANTED for cash customer, property bet.
Market. Putter und Polk •»».: paying T per
cent. W.- E. BARNARD. 1118 Brdwy.OaUand.
MODERN bouses built ;lowest prices ;plans and
estimates furnished. Campbell. 1147 Mission.
$200— LODGING house of- 10 room*, partly
rented, for eale. H Kearny et-
MIFS1ON cottag*; new; I rooms, bath: lot Wx
100; $3000: terms to suit buyer. 41J Kearny »t.
BTJSH. 1225 — Nice, large r«sidenee: could be
turned into flats; very gi'-g.ny; 80x137:6: call.
nCAL ESTATE — COUNTIIY — For Sale
ACCURATE pensotial knowledge— each of the
909 ranches M» my SALE and EXCHANGE!
iitl. K«» than all other agents in this city.
K, P. BVCKELS. the land agent, 6 Geary Bt.
CT^T propei ty and farms eold or exchanged:
llEta free Marlon Griffin, 719 Market, rm. 1.
FOR sale— About t acre* of land, near Colma,
Ban Mateo County. 445 Valencia tU
HEAL. ESTATE COUNTRY — For Sale
A CHEAP little ranch of 30 acres, near rail-
road town. Alameda County; house, barn,
poultry houses, plenty of good water. Get
particulars of this. H. H. CRANE. 508 Calif.
1S7 ACRES No. 1 land. 2 miles from railroad
town. Alami-da County; house, barn, etc.;
well watered; a splendid farm; price reduced
to *12,000. H. H. CRANE. EOg California St.
ALAMEDA ADYERTISEMEim
AL.AMEOA REAL ESTATE.
$££^TiT25xio7rW
anywhere !n Alameda or will furnish plans
- «nd build on terms to suit. J. H. YOUNG,
Builder. 1243 Park St.
BARGAINS In improved Vind unimproved Ala-
rr.Pda real estate ln all parts of Alameda on
easy terms. Alameda Land Company. 1500
Park ft.. Alameda: 20 Pp6t st.. San Francisco.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
DERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
BARGAINS OFFERED BY O. G. MAY 8c CO.
$850 — 5-room cottage: street improved.
11250 — Pretty home; facing south.
?2(>00— 7-room house; rents for $1650.
IIXOO— New home of 5 rooms and basement
$3200— New little dream of a home.
tZZOO — Up to date; 8 rooms, etc.
J4750 — Cannot be beaten for. a bargain: 11
rooms, etc.
15000— New modern shingled house.
15500 — You ought to see this place; corner lot;
2 blocks of O. C.
*5000— Here Is a chance In a lifetime; corner
lot; 100x12": street improved both sides;
house 7 rooms; Eituate ln the Hlllegass
Tract; cost over $6000.
O. G. MAY & CO.. Agents.
Berkeley Station.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS. I
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
FURNISHED or unfurnished house of 8 large
rooms and bath; sanitary plumbing; lot 50x
100: certral location. Apply 53? 19th St.. Oakld.
O.IKLAAL HOUSES TO LET.
GOOD houses. Get iisT~frora GEO. W. AUS-
TIN & CO.. 10C8 Broadway. Oakland.
OAKLA.VD FUi!\ITl'RK FOR SALE.
AN introduAlon to you from H. Schellhaas, the
furniture dealer, 11th and Franklin, Oakland.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
ARJIT, 3526—3 or 4 furnished or unfurnished
hcAekeeping rooms; rent reasonable.
CALu'ORXIA, near Powell— Sunny furnished
rooms or parlors;, running water.
CLAY. 2421. near Fillmore— 2 larKe unfurnished
rooms; upper flat; yard; water; rear; rent $7.
HOWARD, S23-Two large parlors for light
housekeeping; also single rooms.
HOWARD, 1042. bet. 6th and 7th— Nice sunny
housekeeping rooms; rent cheap.
HYDE, 40?— Sunny front parlors and kitchen;
also a'.cove for housekerpins; basement; $15.
I LLIWIP. 14, off Taylor — 2 unfurnished rooms,
j with bath, for housekeeping.
&IABKX2T, opp. Fifth— Large room and kitchen
lurnished; foldine bed; gas. Call 342 Kearny.
MINNA. 28— Sunny furnished front rooms for
housekeeDine. and single rooms; 70c and tl
£cr week.
MINNA, 646— Furnished rooms complete for
hcusekeeplnc; large yard.
MISSION. £24 — Large rooms. $2, complete for
housekeeping; suites, ?10; single, Jl.
j NICELY furnished front room, with privilege
of liftht housekeeping. 129A O'Farrell st.
OAK. 119 — Laree sunny basement room; yard,
range; furnished for hskplng; J6; upper. $7.
OAK. 125— Two nicely furnished rooms for
I housekeeping, $10.
j POLK. 191? — 3 rooms for housekeeping, fur-
nlshed; $12. Inquire ln barber shop upder-
neath
STEVENSON. E41. bet. 6th and 7th-2 upper
eunny furnished housekeeping rooms.
3 PLEASANT eunny housekeeping rooms; rent
cheap. 114 Le Roy place, off Sacramento.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 22C0 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 10?6
Valencia st
ROOMS TO LET Fnrn. and I'nforn.
A^mi0^v7cK^ouser'n?^ntth^RoomT^5c
to $1 per night; $1 25 to $5 p*>r week, and light
housekeeping; open all night.
A QUIET and respectable home for light house-
keeping; suites $16 up; bath; telephone. St.
. James, McAllister and Laguna sts.
BURNETT. ".1426 Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-
nished rm?., fuH.s. single; also unfurnished.
BUSH, 120 (The Elk)— Changed hands; newly
renovated, nicely furn. sunny rms., $1 50 to $7
week; 2lc to $1 £0 night. MRS. P. RAN FT.
BRYANT, 1606. near Fifteenth — 4 large sonny
rooms, with stable, 112; without, $10; water
free.
CALIFORNIA, £22, near Powell— Furnished
handsome sunny parlors or rooms.
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, cor. Mason— Elegantly
furni hed sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
GEAPA, SM — Elegant front parlor: piano;
putt!-?- other pleasant rms.; phone; light hkpg.
GEAR.V, 1183 — Large bay-window front room;
phont;; reference.
i GOLDliN GATE ave., 2C2— Elegantly furnished
j sunn:! front room; cheap.
j GRANi> SOUTHERN, southeast corner Seventh
and !.Iission sts.— Sunny rooms, en suite or
eingl-i; ladies' parlor; reading-room; elevator.
HOWARD. 525— Rooms from $1 week up to $3;
j 25c hi $1 night; also housekeeping rooms.
HOWARD 1609. near Twelfth— Sunny alcove
room, suitable for two; new and reasonable.
j JUST open; furnished rooms, $3 per month
and upward. 2C7 Minna st.
LAS PALMAS, 1S20 Market St.— Suite ot 2 or 3
toe.; private; bath; sin. rms.; board optional.
MARKET. 765— Rooms suitable for business .
other rooms by day, week or month.
McALLISTER, 1S6— 2 nicely furnished rooms,
suitable for two.
MINNA. C7. cor. Eighth— New furnished bay-
window room. $1 per week; transient.
MINNA. 713\i. near Eighth— Unfurnished bed-
rooms and kitchen; clean and sunny; rent $5.
MISSION, iri4— Sunny front slngleroom; private
family; $1 25 per week; gentlemen preferred.
NATOMA. S03V4. near Sixth— A bay-window
front parlor, suitable for 2 gentlemen; also
hall bedroom; reasonable.
NORWOOD. 611 Taylor — Furnished sunny
suites; also single rooms; terms reasonable.
OAK. 204— Neatly furnished front room to. let;
gentleman preferred; reference.
O'FARRELL, 20— Funny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; electric lights; day, wk., rao.
POST, C27— Nice large front room, furnished;
use of kitchen; 2 rooms, unfurnished, $8.
KOSEDALE House, 319 and 221 Ellis St.— Rooms,
night 25c to $L week $1 25 to $4; open night.
ROYAL HOUSE, 126 Ellis St.— Incandescent
light; reading-room, smoking-room and ladles'
parlor; rooms, per night, 35c to $1 50; week. $2
to $8; month, $S to $20; elevator on office
floor; rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
SACRAMEKTO, 1263— Three rooms; separate
entrance: large yard. Rent S7.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth Bt,
near Market— Furnished or unfurnished.
SIXTH, 11 — A neat front room ln pri\-ate fam-
ily; gas, bath; rent only $3 per month.
SIXTH. 242— Nice sunny rooms, «n suite or
single ; rent reasonable. ' ¦,
TAYLOR, 609 — Large sunny front room, newly
furnished; private house.
TENTH, 149— Sunny front rooms: suitable for
two young gentlemen. •
TURK, 629— Single room; bath; S5 per month;
private family.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore et.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st.
ROOMS AND BOARD.
BOARD and room; home cooking; terms. rea-
sonable. 110% McAllister et.
HAYES. 671— Nice front room with or without
board; ln private family; terms reasonable.
BOARD and roomc at 415 First St., near Har-
rlson. ¦ '
STABLES TO LET.
LARGE stable with 3 stalls; suitable for coal-
i yard; good neighborhood; rent $10. 1519 Tur!^
TO LEASE.
TO let— Fine rooms' suitable for light manufac-
turing purposes. Apply at 511 Sansome st.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
ODD FELLOWS' Cemetery Association— The
annual meeting of the lot owners of the Odd
Fellows' Cemetery will be held on i Monday,
September 24, 19C0. at 2 p. m.. »«t the office
of the association, Point Lobos ave.. for the
election of trustees, etc. By order of the
Boarl of Trustees.
GEORGE T. BOHEN, Pres.
GEORGE PENLINGTON. Sec.
L. RIMAESA of the firm of Rimassa & Co.,"
Italian restaurant, €22 Montgomery St., having
sold his Interest to ATTILIO MOLFINO,' will
not be responsible for any debts contracted
by ATTILIO MOLFINO or F. LAZZARI.
ROOMS papered from $2 50; whitened. $1 up;
painting done. Hfirtman Faint Co., 319 Third.
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO.,
4!5 Montgomery St.. rooms 9-10; tel. 55S0.
BBWIXG MACHINES AXD .SUITLIES.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged: re-
pairing lowest rates; open even. 205 4th st.
BOUGHT, sold, rented, repaired; needles and
Bhuttles; reduced rates. 145 6th; phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought, sold and repairing guaran-
teed. Charles Plambeck. 1915 Mission, nr. loth.
'¦
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co., 722 Mission St.;
Tel. Main 1S40; shipping at cut rates.
WILSON BROS., storage and moving; covered i
vans. Tenth and Market; phone Bouth 762. i
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Fillmore St.; phone Jackson 2S1.
TYPEWRITERS AXD SUPPLIES.
great Bargains TntypewriterTs— we I
sell better machines for less money than any j
house in the city; rentals. $3. The Typewriter
Exchange. 526 California: telephone Main 266.
ALWAYS bargain's ln type writers: any make.
Write for orices to L. & M. ALEXANDER,
110 Montcomery Pt.
NEW typewriters. $5 down, $5 month payments.
REVALK. 409 California st.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND Notice— Dividend No. 109 (fifty
cents per share) of the Oceanic Steamship
Company, will be payable at the .office of the
company. 327 Market St., on an<i after Mon-
day, October 1. 1900. Transfer books closs
cn Tuesday, September 25. 1900, at 3 o'clock
p. m. E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS,
Birth, marriage and death notices 6ent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sfins authorized to have the same published.
EOBN.
BARNUM— In this city. September 19. 1900. to
the wife of Charles A. Barnum, twins — a son
and a daughter.
KETELSOX-In this city, September 21. 1900,
to the wife of Morris Ketelson, a son.
KILKEARY— In this city. September 19. 1900,
to the wife of M. F. Kilkeary. a son.
married"
HERBERT— BARrfoWS— In this city, Septem-
ber 22. 1300, by Rev. S. D.' Hutsinplller, Wil-
liam W. Herbert and Maud M. Barrows, both
of this city.
JOHNSON— WINTERS— In this city, September
22, 1900. by Rev. 8. D. Hutsinplller. William
J. Johnson and Minnie O. Winters, both of
Napa, Caul.
LEWIS— MCDONALD— In Tlburon, September
23, 1900, at the homo of the bride, by Rev.
Dr. John A. B. Wilson, William Charle3
Lewis and Christina McDonald, both of
Tiburon.
_____
Atkinson, Mary E. Lowenberg, Henrietta
Avan. Harriet Lupp, Annie
Bailey. Luther McKeown. Thomas
Barry. Mollie E. Oliver. William H.
Brady, Patrick Oswald, Florence
Brandau, Eliza W. Provines, Elizabeth A.
Cronin. Llllie B. Purcille. Charles
Cullen. Frank H. Ruddell. Samuel J. ,
I'riscoll, Julia Schroeder. John f
ntz;rerald. Kale Seaver. Ann
Gibson, Charles Shafter, Sarah R.
Gliddon, Grace Vanderpool, Grace C.
Hasson. Hilda J. Wemp. John
Holland. Edward Wilson Emily J.
Hurley, Mary . .
ATKINSON— In this city, September 23. 1900,
Mary E., beloved wife of Henry Atkinson,
• and mother of Carrie, May. Josie and Lizzie
Atkinson, and daughter or William and Susan
O'Keefe. a native of California, aged 43 years
8 months and 7 days.
AVAN— In Oakland, September 23. 1900, Harriet,
beloved wife of John Avan. mother of Mrs.
C. J. Shields, Mrs. M. F. Davis. Charles E.,
William J., Clara, George W.. Harriet and
Arthur W. Avan, a native of Ireland, aged
67 years 7 months and 13 days.
BAILEY— In this city, September 20, 1900.
Luther Bailey, a native of Oregon, aged 24
years.
BARRY— In this city, F eptember 22, 1900, Mol-
. lie E.. beloved daugh*»r of William and the
late Ella Barry, ai?d sister of William
Barry, a native of Pan Francisco, aged 23
years.
tT-TFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attenS the funeral this day
(Monday), at 2 o'clock; from the parlors of J.
C. O'Connor & Co., 76". Mission street. Inter-
ment Mount Calvary Cemetery. • '
BRADY-In this city. September 22, 1900, Pat-
rick Brady, relict of tfie late Ann Brady, and
beloved father of Thomas H.. Bernard F.,
James J. and Patrick J. Brady and Mrs.
George W. Tlnney, a native of County Long-
ford, Ireland, aged S4 years.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to atten'i the funeral this day
(Monday), at 9 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, t416 Devisaderc^ street, thence to. St.
Dominic's Church, wheire a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
at 9:30 o'clock. ' Interment Mount Calvary
Cemetery.
BRANDAU— In Oakland. September 22, 1300,
Eliza Wickson Brandau, wife of the late Au-
I gust Brundau, and daughter of Catherine and
George G. Wickson Sr., a native of New York,
aged 43 years.
CRONIN— In Oakland. September 23. 1900. Lll-
lie B. Cronin. beloved daughter of Cornelius
and Mary Cronin, and beloved sister of Mar-
garet, Mary Ellen, Nollle and Josle Cronin,
and niece of Dennis and Margaret Cronin, Mrs.
D. Heaperty and the late Mary Cronin, a na-
tive of Ban Francisco, aged 5 years 1 month
? nd S dftj's.
ICT" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
ful, y invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 10 o'clock, from the parents',
residence, 732 Magnolia street. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
CULLEN— At rest, in this city. September 23,
1S00. Frank H. Cullen. brother of Jennie, J.
C, James J.. Mae, Charles and Rene Cullen.
C-TFrlends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral to-morrow (Tuesday), at 1
o'clock, from his late residence, 412 Cole
Btreet. Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery via
electric funeral car.
DRISCOLL— In this city, September 23. 1900. Ju-
lia, beloved wife of the late John Driscoll.
and mother of Abbie and Ceiia Driscoll. and
sister of William and Timothy McCarthy, a
native of the parish of Ladybridge, County
Cork. Ireland, aged 42 years.
IT-TFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at S:SO o'clock, from 'her late resl- j
dence, 25»4 Welch street, thence to St. Rose's
Church, where a solemn requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repqse of her soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment private.
FITZGERALD— In this city. September 23, 1900,
Kate, beloved wife of John Kitzgerald, and
mother of Peter and John Fitzgerald, a na-
tive of Ireland, aged 35 years. ¦ '
j cyNotice of funeral hereafter. .
GIBSON— In this city, September 23, 1900.
Charles, beloved husband of Lellle Gibson, ¦
father of John and Frank Gibson, and brother !
ot Joseph, John and Delia Gibson and Mr3.
R. Covey, a native of San Francisco, aged 36
years.
(ETFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral tWs day
(Monday), at 8:15 o'clock, from the 'parlors
of the United Undertakers, 27 and 29 Fifth
street, thence to St. Joseph's Church, where :
mass will be celebrated for the repose of his I
bouI at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery. ,
GLIDDON— In this city, September 20, 1900.
Grace, beloved daughter of Jkmes W. and
Margaret Gllddon, sister of Gorden M., Percy
N.. Stanley McFee. Haw>l and Ruth Gllddon,
I and niece of Captain and Mrs. J. R. McFee,
a native of Liverpool. England, aged 18 years
5 months and 22 days.
(CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect- :
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the home
of her parents. 10 Hill street, between Valen- :
da ana. Guerrero. Interment Cypress Lawn
Cemetery by carriage.
HASSON— In Oakland, Septemtwr 23, 1900. Hilda
• J. Hasson. a native of Oakland, Cal., aged
8 months and 2 days.
HOLLAND — On board steamer St. Paul, from
HtNRY J. GALLAGHER CO..
(Successor to ' Flannagan & Gallagher).
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
20 Fifth st.. opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South SO.
UNITED UNDERTAKERS.
27 and 23 Fifth st Tel. South 167.
IDNERJL BIRECT0R3 AND EHBAL5IEBS.
Finest Equipment at Moderate Rates.
rtlcAVOV «fc CO.. ' E
FUNERAL DIRECTORS 4 EMBALMERS, I
1239 Market St., between 8th and 9th. : . I
- Telephone South247.' ; |
STATEMENT
-OF THE-
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
-OF TIIE-
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF PHILADELPHIA, IN THE STATE OF
Pennsylvania, on the 31st day of Decem-
ber, A. D. 18S9, and for the year ending cn that
day, as made to the Insurance Commissioner of
the State of California, pursuant to the pro-
visions of sections 610 and 611 of the Political
Code, condensed as per blank furnished by the
Commissioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid -up in
Cash $500,000 00
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Cdmpany $408,451 74
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages 1,011.4(7 <1
Cash Market Value of all Stocks
and Bonds owned by Company 826,341 So
Amount of Loans secured by pledge
of Bonds, Stocks, and other mar-
ketable securities as collateral 63.1M W
Cash In Company's Office ,-Hi! «?
Caafc ln Banks la3.8S3 44
Interest- flue and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans bz *>
Interest due and accrued on Bonds .,,,.„.
• and Mortgages JS'JiS XI
Premiums in due Course of Collection 120.003 13
Bills receivable, not Matured, taken
for Fire and Marine Risks, ground
rents, well secured 21.320 00
Rents due and accrued 6.333 w
Total Assets ..$2,626,44113
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid $62,581 36
Losses in process of Adjustment or
ln Suspense 103.2CS 24
Losses resisted, including expenses... 4,59o i2
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or less. $967,503 00;
reinsurance 50 per cent 453,751 50
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year, "~$9S2,-
584 05; reinsurance pro rata 493,548 81
Amount reclaimable by the Insured .
on perpetual Fire Insurance policies 569,820 94
Commissions and Brokerage due and
to become due 15.CO0 05
Total Liabilities' Sl.737.506 62
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for Fire
premiums $1,203,56130
Net cash actually "received for pre-
miums on perpetual Risks 20,071 94
Received for Interest on Bonds and
Mortgages t 66,170 83
Received for intereA and dividends
I on Bonds, Stocks, Loans, and from
l all ether sources 43.0S5 21
; Received for Rents 10.186 63
; Received from all other sources 7,353 11
Total Income $1,341.923 07
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Fire Losses
(including $151,713 26, losses of pre-
vious years) $S57.513 96 ',
Deposit premiums returned 17.313 04
Dividends to Stockholders 40,000 00
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 255,597 93
Paid for Salaries, Fees, and other
charges for of fleers, clerks, etc.... 49,200 00
Paid for State, National, and Local
taxes 46,662 32
All other payments and expend-
itures 157,466 54
Total Expenditures $1,423,753 84
Fire losses Incurred during the year.~lS76, 1S6 02
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during the
year $140,846,046 $1,592,447 75
Net amount of Risks
expired during the -
year 129,0C0,3S7 1,475.133 64
Net amount ln force ,
December 31. 1S99 176,787,237 1.950.087 05
THOS. H. MONTGOMERY, Pres't.
RICH'D MARIS, Sec'y.
Subscribed and eworn to -before me, this 29th
day of January, 1900. H. F. REARDON,
Notary, Public.
EDWARD BROWN & SONS,
GENERAL AGENTS,
411-413 California 'Street,
f ai Francisco, Ca 1 .
OCEAN, TRAVEL, ri
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG. -calling at
Kobe (Hiogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for In-
dia, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of sailing.
SS. NIPPON MARU
.........' Saturday. September 22. 1900
SS. AMERICA MARU.. Wednesday, Oct. 17, 1900
SS. HONGKONG MARU....Tues.. Nov. 13, 1900
Via Honolulu.
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office,
421 Market street, corner of First.
W. H. AVERT, General Agent.
AMERICAN LINE.
KIW Y05k. SOUTHAMPTON. LONDOJT. ?AS1S,
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
, From New York Every Wednesday, 10 a. m.
St. Louis Oct. S St. Louis Oct. 24
New York ......Oct. 10 New York Oct. 31
St. Paul .Oct. 17 St. Louis Nov. 14
RED STAR LINE.
¦ New York and Antwero.
. From New York Every Wednesday. 12 noon.
Friesland Oct. 3 Kensington Oct. 24
Southwark Oct. 10 Noordland Oct. 31
Westemland Oct. 17 Southwark ....Nov. U
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO.
30 Montgomery Street.
OOMPAGNIE GENERALS TEANSATLAKTIQUE
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. -—^
Sailing every Thursday, instead of 4&*7(&*\ ¦
Saturday, from November 2, - 1899. at
10 a. m.. from Pier 42. North River, foot of
Morton street. LA CHAMPAGNE. Sept. 27;
LA TOURAINE, Oct. 4; L'AQUITAINE. Oct.
11; LA LORRAINE. Oct. 18. First-class to
Havre. $35 and upward. Second class to Havre
! $42 50 and upward. GENERAL AGENCY FOR
! UNITED STATES and CANADA. 32 Broadway
(Hudson building). New York. J. F. FUGAZI
& CO., Pacific Coast Agents, 6 Montgomery
avenue. San Francisco. : -
BAY AND BIVER STEAMERS.
. Steamer "Montlcelio.**
"MON.. Tues!. Wed.. Thurs. and Sat. at 9:45
a: m... 3:15. 8:30 p. m. - (ex. . Thurs. night); Fri-
; days, 1 p. m. and 8:30; Sundays, 10:30 a. m.. 8
; p. .m. Landing and office. Mission-street Dock.
I Pier No. 2. Telephone Main 150S.
I FARE. ...:.............. ..........50o
{CTThe funeral services will be held to-mor-
row (Tuesday), at 11 o'clock, at Grace Church,
corner of Stockton and California streets. In-
terment private.
|E7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at* 9:45 o'clock, from the parlors
of the California Undertaking Company, 405
Powelf* street, near Post, thence to St. Bren-
dan's Church, corner of Fremont and Harri-
son streets, for services, commencing at 10:30
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery, by
carriages.
VANDERPOOL— In this city. September 22.
1900. Grace C wife of John A. Vanderpool,
mother of Lois B., Harding F. and Sarah
May Vanderpool, daughter of Edward A. and
Lois B. Falvey and sister of Mrs. Julia C.
Hurting and Bessie G. Falvey, a native of
Hanson, Mass., aged 35 years 10 months and
6 days. s
WEMP— In Oakland. September 22, 1900, John
Wemp of Colusa, Cal., a native of Kentucky,
aged 69 years 9 months and 7 days.
WILSON — In this city, September 22, 1900.
Kniily Josephine WUson. widow of the late
Samuel M. Wilson, and mother of John Scott
Wilson. Russell, J. Wilson, Frank P. Wilson
and Mountford S. Wilson, a native of St.
Genevleve, Mo,, aged 70 years 7 months and
12 days.
(cyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of the California Undertaking Company. 405
Powell street, near Post. Interment Laurel
Hill Cemetery.
SEAVER— In this city, September 23. 1900, Ann.
beloved wife of the late Frank Seaver, and
mother of Mrs. Rose Neary and Mrs. Mary
Galnes, and sister of Mrs. Eliza McDonald,
a native of the City of Cork. Ireland.
ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend funeral services this
day (Monday), at 3 o'clock, from Mosswood,
corner of Moss avenue and Broadway, Inter-
ment private.
SCHROEDER— In this city, September 23, 1900,
John Schroeder. a native of Germany, aged
60 years. • •
(CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this. day
(Monday), at 9 o'clock, from the parlors of
Carew & English, 41 Van Ness avenue, thence
to St. Ignatius Church, Hayes street, where
a solemn requiem mass will be celebrated for
the repose of his soul, commencing at 9:30
o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery-
SHAFTER— In- - Oakland. September 22, 1900.
Sarah R. Shafter. mother ot Mrs. Emma
Shafter Howard. Mrs. John R. Orr. Mrs. Ed-
ward Goodrich, Miss Bertha Shafter and Miss
Eva Shafter, a native. of Coleraine, Mass.,
aged 77 years 1 month and 15 days.
E^Notlce of funeral hereafter.
PURCILLE— In this city. September 22. 1900.
Charles Purcllle, brother of Andrew and Bell
Purcllle, a native of California, aged 23 years.
RUDDELL-In this city, September 21. 1900,
Samuel J., beloved husband of the late Mar-
garet G. Ruddell, and father of Constance
Ruddell, a native of County Armagh, Ireland,
aged 3S years and 9 months.
ityFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 1 o'clock, from the residence of
her parents, 310A Tehama street, between
Fourth and Fifth. Interment Mount Olivet
Cemetery.
PROVIXBS-At her home, in this city. Septem-
ber 23, 1900, Elizabeth Agnes (nee Sharpies),
wife of Robert R. Provines, and mother of
Archibald Clavering Gunter.
C?"Frlends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral services this day (Monday),
at S o'clock p. m., at his late residence, 504
Gearv street. Interment private.
OSWALD— In thi* city, September 22. 1900, Flor-
ence Albertine, dearly beUved and only child
of John A. and Ingbyg Oswald, a native of
San Francisco, - aged 2 years 3 months and 7
days.
in!7"Frtends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the residence
of her daughter, Mrs. J. J. Cronan, 317 Jessie
street, thence to St. Pa*-ick'« Church, where
a requiem high mass will be celebrated for
the repose of her soul, at 9 o'clock. Inter-
ment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
LOWENBERG— In this city, September 22, 1900.
Henrietta, beloved wife of George Lowen-
be-g, mother of Sarah. Florence, Sylvan, Fred
and Mabel Lowenberg, and sister of Mrs. E.
Heineman, Mrs. Saul Bauer, Mr. Moses Stern
and Fred Stern, a native cf Germany, aged
43 years 11 months and 17. days. (New York
papers please copy.)
EXKriends and acquaintances are respect-
, fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 10 o'clock, from her late. resi-
dence, 102-3 O'Farrell street. Interment Home
of Peace Cemetery, by 11:30 o'clock train from
Third and Townsend streets.
LTJPP — In this city, September 22, 1900, Annie,
beloved wife of Captain Frederick Lupp, aged
4S yoars.
EyFriends are Invited to attend the funeral
this day (Monday), at 1 o'clock, from the
undertaking parlors of McAvoy & Co.. 1233
Market street. Interment 'Masonic Cemetery.
MCKEOWN— In this city, September 23. 1900,
Thomas McKeown, beloved son of Mary Jane
and the late William McKeown, and brother
of William, Richard and Minnie McKeown
and Mrs. William Francis, a native of Ire-
land. A member of Yerba Buena Lodge No.
17SS, K. of H. -^ .
tyNotice of funeral hereafter.
OLIVER— In this city, suddenly, September 15,
1900, William H. Oliver, only brother of Grace
M. M. Parshalle. a native of New York City,
aged 6S years. (San Jose, Monterey and Wat-
eonville. Cal., please copy.)
Seattle, Edward, beloved husband of Mary L.
Holland, a native of England.
HURLEY-In this city, September 23. 1900,
Mary, beloved wife of the late John Hurley,
and beloved mother of Cornelius Hurley and
Mrs. J. J. Cronan. a native .of Bantry, County
Cork, Ireland, aged 60 years. .THE RAGGED HOLE IN THE SANTA FE TERMINAL WHARF, WHERE
THE ENGINE WENT THROUGH. AND P. S. ADAMS. THE FIREMAN,
WHO WAS CARRIED DOWN IN THE CAB TO HIS DEATH.
engine had gone through Mulcahy was
Inside the clip clinging to the piles.
Where the engine went through the
wharf Is a great jagged opening, not
larger than the length of the engine, but
fringed with torn and splintered timbers,
which testify to the force with which the
heavy machine crushed through them.
The rails were twisted and brokfjn. the
piles were driven into the bottom And the
heavy beams and braces were snapped
like so many twigs.
The bottom at Point Richmond Is of
sand. It was thought when the wharf
was built that it was a solid foundation
and even now the theory is advanced that
the engine found a soft place. The
switch, up to two weeks ago. was used by
every engine that went on the wharf,
and beyond the creaking of the sleepers
under the rails, there was no sign of the
fatal weakness. %
Where the engine went through the wa
ter Is thirty feet deep. There are no
broken pile3 In sight, indicating; that they
were driven straight down by the weight,
and there Is no sign of the engine. Part
of the roof of the cab floats among the
wreckage, but the engine Itself is far un
der the swells that roll so unconcernedly
over It. And the fireman Is somewhere
with It. Whether he was crushed be
tween the engine and the cab and killed
before the water closed over him. or
whether he was pinned there, still alive, to
be drowned under the wharf, is some
thing his erstwhile comrade, the engineer,
cannot tell.
The fireman lived in Stockton, where he
was the support of his mother and sister.
He and Allen had been running on 203
almost from the opening of the road to
the bay and they were great friends. The
first words of the engineer when he re
gained consciousness after being pulled
from the water were. my part
ner. Doc?" "He's up In the station
house, all right." said Winter. It was a
kind He, for the engineer lay back again
satisfied. It was not until he had partly
PART cf the Point Richmond wharf
gave way under the weight of an
engine and tender yesterday
morning, and with a rending of
timbers the big locomotlT-o and
the Three men It carried sank out of sight.
Two at the men escaped with their lives.
The third lies with the engine five fath
oms deep in the muddy waters of the bay.
The engine was No. 203 of the Bakere
f eld run, anfl it had for its crew William
Allen, epgineer, and P. S. (or "Doc") Ad
ams, fireman. It was Adams who 'was
killojj.
The train, with 203 pulling it. had just
enme in from Bakersflcld and the passen
pers had gone onto the boat, which had
loft the slip. The track upon ¦which the
train rur.s In continues on past the sta
tion-hou5e and down along the slip, where
It switches Into the back track by ¦which,
up to two weeks ago, engines reached the
yard, a mile up the road from the wharf.
Two weclcs ago, however, it came to the
knowledge of the management that the
«harf was not safe, and Immediately an
order forbidding engines to go down on
the wharf was posted on the bulletin
Voard in the yard. In the face of this
crUer there was nothing for an engineer
to do after having brought his train In
but lo wait until the passengers wore all
«v.;t of th« car« and then back the whole
train up the trcek to the yard, for there
I? no other way except through the switch
down on the wharf.
When the train got In from Bakersfield
yesterday morning E. K. Mulcahy. the tel
rgraph operator at the wharf, was ready
for breakfast, and Allen agreed to un
couple his engine and take the operator
up to the yard for his meal, leaving th»
train at the wharf. Mulcahy boarded the
locomotive and it started down to the
pwitch. It was going very flowly by the
time It reached the switch, an-1 it •was
about to stop when the wharf commenced
to go.
The ragineer** Fide was clear and he
ji:mpp<J. but the breaking stringers of the
wharf carjht him ar.d threw him back
lrto trie water. On the other fide were
the r*l!es cf the slip and neither the flre
rcari nor the optrator could escape. They
v.f-r.t down with the or.gir.e. but a minute
later the operator was seen struggling
fn the water inside the slip. The fireman
tvas not seen again.
William Winters of Z>i Lexington ave
nae and \V!iliam Brown of !C5 Snn Carlos
i-.f-nue. this city, were or. the other side
if the slip. Their attention v.-a« attracted
I v the crackir.g of the timbers of the
irharf and they saw the enerve go down.
They ran arnurd the fellp and got to the
hole the wharf in time to pull the en- :
rineer ar.d the operator out of the water.
Mulrahy wns n<u much hurt, but the en-
Efneer had been hit by the snapping beams
he eras unconscious when he was
?ul>d upon the wharf. He was stripped
:r-1 rul.hed ar.<5 rolled and after some
:'.mr he revived, but he was so barlly ln
'¦:r*<l that he was sent over to this
dty to the Southern Pacfic Hospital. The
operator was also sent oi'er on the next
¦^at.
Both Winters and Brown apree that the
'neirsr had almost stopped and was on the
:>oint cf reversirig for the switch when
he wharf gave way. The engine went
Iowa in an ir=ta.nt. a mass of flying lum
->°r surro'jr.<*:r.g ii p.s it went. They
»w the esgineer jump and saw him
throfft back into the hnle in the wharf
9y the rising onds of the timbers. One
tt them hit him on the head and another
•truck him in the back as he went down.
They did not see Adams nor Mulcahy. for
:he engine tippled toward the piles of the
«l'p before it disappeared and they could
snly have jumped against the barrier as
:he rr.gir.e leaned over. How Mulcahy
managed to escape from the wreckage
•ven he docs not know, but when Brown
md Winters rcach-d the place where the
Piles Give Way and ari .Engine and Three Men Are Pluanged Info tlhe
Bay — "Doc" Adams, the Fireman, . Is Killed.
CRASHES DOWN THROUGH THE HEAVY
TIMBERS OF POINT RICHMOND WHARE
"It sounded to me like the explosion of
a bunch of great firecrackers." said Win
ter when describing the accident. "I
heard the planks go slowly at first, and
then more rapidly until they rose to a
crash, and then the engine disappeared.
Brown and I had come over the night be
fore to fish, and it's lucky we did, for
there was no one round to help those men
in the water. Brown and I had been
under that very place only a few minutes
before, picking worms from the piles for
bait. Brown said we had enough and so
we left just before the engine came down.
We had only time to go around the end of
the slip when we saw the wharf give way.
regained his strength that he was told
Adams was still with the engine.
It is probable that the engine can bo
raised without much trouble. Attempts
will be made to raise it at once, and to
find the body of the fireman it carried
with it down to his death.
The order that engines should 'not go
down the wharf was posted in the yard,
but no one except one engineer on the
wharf yesterday knew much about it, and
he knew only that it had been posted and
that it referred to that end of the track.
There was no obstruction placed across
the track, so the way to the switch was
free for any engineer who wished to
travel it.
We ran back at once and were just In
time to help the two men out of the
water."
The body of George C. Tietjen, a com
mercial traveler representing the West
ern Implement Company of Port Wash
ington, Wls., was found in room 232 of
the Grand Hotel late yesterday afternoon.
Life had been extinct for nearly two days.
The cause of death is supposed to have
been heart disease, from which Tietjen was
apparently suffering when he retired Fri
day night. The remains were taken in
charge by Deputy Coroners Thomas Smith
and Patrick Flynn and an inquest will be
held. A letter written to Tietjen by his
wife, who resides in Wisconsin, contains
George Tietjen Lay Dead
for Two Days in Room
in Grand Hotel.
WOMAN'S DREAMS
WERE OMENS
The strongest fortress in European Rus
sia Is Cronstadt. It is the Russian naval
depot of the Baltic Sea.
a presentiment of his death. The woman
inquired anxiously after her husband's
health and said she had dreamed three
times that he was dead, which caused her
much anxiety.
Tietjen came from New York, and
registered at the Grand Hotel on Sep
tember 20. He was afflicted with a weak
heart and on Friday his health was so
poor that he was obliged to procure medi
cine. Friday night he retired and told tiie
bellboy in the hotel of his illness, at tne
same time remarking that he hoped noth
ing would happen to him so far away from
home and while he was among strangers.
Nothing more was heard from the com
mercial traveler until yesterday after
noon, when a sickening odor coming from
his apartments lead to an Investigation.
The door of the room was opened and
Tietjen's body was found-on the bed.
From all appearances, life had been ex
tinct for about two days. The Coroner's
office was notified and the remains taken
to the Morgue. The dead man's money,
amounting to nearly $50, and a valuable
gold watch had been taken charge of by
the hotel people. As the law requires
that a body shall remain untouched until
the proper authorities take it in charge,
the hotel men were warned to be more
caroful In the future.
Tietjen was about 50 years of age. Lit
tle Is known of him in this city.
G, Siemann, who was accused of getting
away with the receipts of the Foresters'
ball, has written to Captain Seymour from
Portland. Or., denying the charge. He
says he is anxious to face his accusers and
will return whenever he Is wanted
Siemann Says He Is Innocent.
Interesting exercises will be held in
connection with the opening of the n'-'ht
school for men at the Young Men's ChMs
tlan Association, Mason and Ellis streets,
this evening at 8 o"clock. Admission to
this lecture Is free to all young men.
lecture at the Y. M. C. A.
Mrs. Elizabeth Agnes Provlnes, mother
of Archibald Clavering Gunter, the nov
elist, and wife of Attorney Robert R.
Provines, died at her home, 1212 Washing
ton street, last night. The death of Mrs.
Provlnes will corae as a shock to the nov
elist, who was a devoted son.
Mother of Novelist Gunter Dead.
The wounds which William McCready,
the old man residing at 1121 Vermont
street, inflicted upon himself on Satur
day last proved fatal, as the man died at
the City and County Hospital at an early
hour yesterday morning. McCready. who
was looked upon as being queer, slashed
his wrists and jabbed for his jugular -with
a knife.
His Wounds Proved FataL
It is understood that Santa Cruz will
make an unusual effort on this occasion
to entertain her visitors— at which, by the
way, she is proficient in a high degree,
and something quite out of the ordinary
may be expected in the way of pleasure.
William H. Menton will be the com
pany's hospitable host, the knowledge of
which Is always reassuring. The colonel
enjoys the proud distinction of having
managed excursions aggregating hun
dreds of thousands without having had a
single serious accident. So go and enjoy
yourselves.
While a large crowd is comfortably
handled to and fro by the company's am
ple equipment, it is never pleasant to be
jostled about by a large number who are
all trying- to purchase tickets at the same
time. So go early and avoid the rush.
There Is every probability that thou
sands of people will be of one mind on
September 30— that Is. to go to Santa Cruz
on the grand $2 excursion which the
Southern Pacific will give on that day;
so the kindly suggestion is offered that
all who conveniently can will get their
tickets during the week at the company's
city ticket otlice, Market street, under the
Grand Hotel.
Crowd.
Get Tickets Early and Avoid the
SANTA CRUZ
THE BEAUTIFUL
He says he knows the men by sight and
to-day he Intends to have warrants is
sued for their arrest.
Hamilton' considers his escape from be
ing shot nothing short of miraculous. His
desperate assailant, lie says, stood only
a few feet from him and. pointing the re
volver at his breast, deliberately fired.
Notwithstanding nls danger Hamilton
grabbed his murderous assailant just as
he was about to flre a second shot and
struck him on the head with his club.
Before he could disarm him the third man
started to assault Hamilton, but seeing
that he was up against it he sought safe
ty in flight. In the meantime the man
with the revolver, evidently thinking the
bullet had struck the groceryman, re
placed the weapon in his pocket and ran
down Folsom street. On returning to his
store Hamilton found the man who first
attacked him in the act of helping him
self to a bottle of whisky. With the aid
of his trusted club he soon put him to
flight.
Shortly after 6 o'clock yesterday morn
ing- Hamilton was standing- In his store
when three younf? men, who were under
the influence of liquor, entered the bar
room. After calling for drinks one of
them deliberately thrust his fist through
the show window. Hamilton ordered
them to leave when one of the men struck
him in the face. Picking up a club the
proprietor brought It <Jown on his as
sailant's head, knocking him senseless.
His companions then attacked Hamilton,
but were driven off after a short engege
ment. As they started to run from the
barroom Hamilton followed them, and as
he was within a few feet of the men one
of them whipped out a revolver and,'
pointing it at the plucky proceryman's
breast, fired. The bullet tore through his
coat and grazed the skin near the shoul
der.
A. Hamilton, who conducts a saloon and
grocery at Xinth and Folsom streets, ipt
congratulating himself that he is not oc
cupying a slab in the Morgue.
After a Desperate Struggle, A. Ham
ilton Succeeds in Putting to
Flight Hoodlums Who
* Attack Him.
One of Them Fires at Him,
the Bullet Grazing
His Flesh.
PLUCKY GROCER
BATTLES WITH
THREE TOUGHS
£>r. II. J. Kottxell has resumed practice
at rooms 17 and 19, Phelan building. •
Swim at the Crystal Baths.
R*eommendeiS by physicians. Water always
dean and warm. Tub department best in city.*
The Fire Marshal was notified by tele
phone about 4 o'clock and he went to the
Fire Marshal Tow* and the police are ln
restigatirig an attempt to set on fire two
cottages. 2S52 and 2S5S Twenty-first street,
.he former occupied by Walter Brown and
'.orally and the latter by S. D. Smiley and
!arnlly. The attempt was made about 3
»'clock yesterday morning, when both
families were aiseep. which makes it all
:he more despicable.
A i>t!ll alarm was given to Engine Com
pany No. 25 by James McKeon. a boiler
y.aker. who resides with his parents at
S54 Twenty-first street. McKeon was un-
Ser the Influence of liquor and as no
James were to be eeen. Policeman Nor
:on. who happened to be present, went
with McKeon to the cottages. Korton
Tound that the steps leading to Brown's
ront door were burning underneath from
t gas flame near the meter which was
c*pt under the steps. The conecting gas
pipe had been wrenched off and the escap-
T.g gas lighted. Norton quickly lammed
.he lead pipe together, as it had been part
ar melted by the heat, and shut off the
Jame. At Bmiley's house the same thine
sad been done, but the flame bad not
touched the woodwork.
Attempts to Destroy Two
Cottages While In
mates Sleep.
DASTABDLY ACT
OF AN INCENDIARY
Towe stood with McKeon at the point
from which he said he had seen the flame
but it was impossible for him to have
seen It from there. He was taken to the
corner grocery on Folsom street. The
bartender there said that when McKeon
came in he ordered a glass of beer and
after drinking it spoke of the fire. The
Fire Marshal asked him why he did not
awaken the sleeping Inmates in the houses
and he said he did not think of it.
A newspaper carrier who lives in the
neighborhood told the Fire Marshal that
he had seen a man runing away from the
cottages in the direction of Folsom street.
He could not, of course, Identify him
Detectives Fitzgerald and Graham have
been detailed on the case to make a thor
ough investigation and report to the Fire
Marshal.
scene. He saw McKeon, who had not
recovered from the effects of the liquor
he had taken, and questioned him. He
said he had been downtown drinking In
the Klondike saloon till after 1 o'clock.
He got off the car at Twenty-first and
Mission streets and went into a saloon
on the corner. He was there about an
hour and a half and started for home. As
he passed Brown's house he saw the flame
n . went t0 the grocery at the comer
or tolsom street and told the bartender
who advised him to notify the engine com
pany, which he did.
OFFER 0F STAR ENGAGEMENT CAUSES
RUSH OF COOING BABES TO ORPHEUM
ALL wortn of mammas and ..11 kinds
of babies were in evidence at the
Orpheum yesterday morning.
From 9 a. m. until noon fond
mothers with babies In arms ap
peared and presented their youngsters for
inspection. Strange to relate each of the
ladles was positive that her darling was
Juet the nicest and quietest baby in San
The R-athering- of infants was brought
about by an advertisement inserted , in
The Call stating that a eix-month-old
child was wanted to take part in Mr. and
Mrs. Jackson's sketch, "A Married Man."
One doting-- mother had once been in a
ballet and said her little cherub .would
naturally take to the stage. Another was
eure the little darling she carried was
Just what Mr. Jackson , wanted, as her
grandmother had once been an actress.
Babies who never cried, according to the
tion was made was In mlserv. Visions of
W i )m m;. ea S h ', 1 . mbued WIth the 'idea thSt
her little darling should have been the
«hnf,M °" e £n d angry that Mr. Jackson
h£?or« h£l nk A Other ? rlse were constantly
before him. As each matron whose baby
nf thl°\y^it n d ? e 5} ed sultabl e went out
of the theater indignant and scowline
fiercely he looked relieved and meekly said
tw 8 '"!™^? •? hen they Informed him
that he.dldn t Jcnow a good baby when
ncj £3^1 w . one*
I
statements of the mothers: babtes who
were not a bit shy, little ones tha.t could
do almost anything/were held up for Mr.
Jackson's inspection.
Mrs. J. H. Smith of. 611 Florida street
was made the happiest of San Francisco
matrons when her little Anastasia was
chosen. She left the theater satisfied that
there was not a tot in the city that could
equal her own.
Manager John Morrlsey was present
during the inspection and until the selec-
MR# x^, M^ T J A CKS0N ADVERTISE FOR A NICE. QUIET LITTLE DAHLING TO BE USED IN THEIR SKETCH. AND MANY MATRONS APPTTak
££ E^™2?Ell£ AR8 ' EACH PRAISES ABILITY OF HER INFANT AND TELLS HOW SWEET IT IS. BUT MRS. J. H SMira™l SE^ls
THE SAX FEANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 24, 1900.
10
ADVERTISEMENTS.
On to-morrow and following days we will
j exhibit an elegant assortment of New Black
) Dress Fabrics for Fall wear. The assortment
will include Venetian Cashmeres,- Wool Pod-
11ns, Panne Cloths, Satin Soleil, WhiD Cords,
Camel's. Hair, Zibeline, Amazon Cloths, Cork-
screws, Armures and Venetian Cloths.
We invite our Datrons to insDect the above
ooods at their earliest ODDortunitu.
TWO SPECIALS.
One case Black Granite Cloth, 50 inches
wide, shrunk and SDonued 61.25 yard
One case 50-inch Black English Cheviot
for Tailor Suitinof shrunk and SDonged
• $1, 25 yard
NOTE— SamDles of above goods sent free
to anu address,
HI. 113. 115. 117, 119. 121 POST STREET.
GOLDBERG. B0WEH « CO' 8 SPECIAL 3 A VINO 3AL3
Cherries In marasquin 6oc
Serve in cocktails— punch— lemonade
—a dainty preserve— reg'ly 70c quart
Artichokes— rumbar . 2 $c
The heart of the most savory
vegetable of the tropics— serve as
they are— also in salad and scrambled
eggs— reg'ly 35c can
French mustard 2 for 25c
Louit— ready for use— different
flavorsr-reg'ly 25c— wholesale price
Shoe polish-^cm« I2 £c
Best blacking for everybody's
. shoes— water proof— reg'ly 15c bottle
Our coffee never gave better satisfac-
tion than it does now — pleases nearly
• everyone
Beer— Gerard pints $ 1 $5
reg'ly $ 1 55 and $ 2 35 quarts 2 IO
Always the same— always good
Tooth paste— reg'ly 40c jar 25c
Roger & Gallet—Patt' de Anthea
Perfumery— reg'iy 5OC bot 37*0
Violet (vee-o-layj— assorted
French extracts
The sunshine on the hills above
Liyermore valley Is bottled with
Vista del Voile sauternes
Towel rack— 12 Inches long 65C
Solid brass— nickel plated— 3 arms
reg'ly 75c— ornamental— durable
Spap dish— reg'ly 50c 40C
Solid brass— nickel plated—
- attach to wall
Ash receiver— reg'iy 25c 20c
Nickel plated— with rest for cigar
# Uneeda biscuits and jinjer wayfers
just received — of course you've heard
about them /¦
4)3 Pine »3J Sutler *3oo California San FrancHco
1075 Clay between Eleventh and Twelfth OiklanJ
Cure For
Eye-Glasses
Which tip, nip or slip. Our new no#egiiard*
Tfcejr don't pinch— they hold. A
Oculist*" prescriptions filled. Factory on
premises. Quick repairing. Phone. Main 10.
0PTiciA N sX> H £z:r
642 Market 5t. immruments
u*D£* CMROHicit Bun.DiN&. CATALOGUE FrIC
DR.MCNULTY.
THIS \VEtX-KN*OWN AND RELIABLE OLD
L Speclallstcure*nioo<l Poison, Cionorrhcea.nie^t.
Rtrlctur*, Scmliittl Weaiines*. Impotence and tbelr
allied Piwrders. Hoot on Disease* of Men, tree.
OrerlOyearVexperVnce.Ternn reasonable. Hour*.
9to3dally;8::»£o3.30<»T'KS.SnndJiT*,10to 12. Consul-
tation freeand sacredly confidential. Call or address
p. iioNCon M«xiri/rr\ ai. d.
2O H Kearny St., Han Francisco, C=L
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
lfor A a n ° H 5^tnit ii:3TOHATIVE - WVW «^-
The most wonderful tphrodliUo and Sp-oUl
Tonic for the Sexual Ortan. for both ••«•/
J£\£"mX/* IB^ j :,' or DLeaseVof thVW
ney. and Bladder. Sells on Its own merit..
NABSR, ALFS * BRtTNE. Axvata.
APVEATTSEMSHTS.
Big: Sale.
Porcelain Ware
Unique Border Decoration.
Cisps and Saucers 13 cts
Oat Meal Bowls 12 cts
Pitcher— 4 pints 44 cts
Roa«t Dish — x6 Incb 7 6 cts
Soap Tureen 81.3a
Teapots .. 64 cts
Sujar 1 1 owls 44 cts
Cream Pitcher aocta
Fancy China Clocks
Each. .61.20, 1.88 2.00, 92.8o
We are Cutting Prices
all to Pieces During: Our
QiST Clearance Sale.
(jFEilAsericaalaporifTeaCi
?10 Grant a»«., bet Butter an4 Port.
tfl Msrk«t rt.. opp. PowtH it.
12 Mark** rt.. June. Cel'.fornla.
OV& UltAKCH STOR12S EVEUT WHERE.
GOLDBERG, B0 WEN ft GO'S SPECIAL SAVING SALB
GOIDBERK
BQWEN ,
& CO
Stop to read this— surely*
some of these items will
appeal to you favorably
SPECIAL SAVING SALE
Monday Tuesday Wednesday
BaCOn— Ferris j $C
A most palatable addition to
breakfast every morning — you never
tire of it— reg'ly 20c lb
New — imported dill gur kens
Chlltney— Bombay pints }0C
regMy 40c and 60c quarts 50C
The connoisseur's relish for
hot and cold meats
New — California figs
Tea— popular flavors 50C
Mandarin Nectar — " Bee " brand
Ceylon — pleasing qualities — reg'ly 60c
New— cranberries
Rock and rye— o b&co $j
German rock candy and pure rye •
whisky— quick cough cure—
reg'I/Ji.25 quart
5 o'clock tea biscuits
Minuet wafers — Ramona — Athena-
fancy crackers 25c tin
Laundry soap 8 cakes 25c
"Home" box of 100 cakes $}
Not injurious— best cleansing
properties— manufacturer's price—
reg ly 6 for 25c
Dr. /orison's educators
Raisins— fine duster ' 2 lb 25C
Salutaris water pints $ 1 30
Sparkling table water— quarts' 1 75
natural mineral springs in Michigan
— reg ly $1 50 and $225 dozen
Time for winter supply orders— time
to write here for special quotations
on big orders
Gelatine— iidnrick ioc
Red and white — transparent — once
used always used — reg'ly I2$c pkg
Marmalade-tower i 20c
The Seville orange gives this
preserve a rich picquancy tempting
to the palate— reg'ly 25c jar
Half the good complexions In Cali-
fornia are due to the use of olive oil-
half of the half, use Sierra Madre ,
Shrimps— 1 ib can 3 for 35c
Rinse in cold water — serve on crisp
lettuce with Siep-a Madre
mayonnaise— reg'ly 15c can
Vigor chocolate— Kraft 55c
World famous for Us medicinal
properties— reg'ly here 65c Ib
El Reposos are all Havana cigars and
are finer right now than at any time
during all the thirteen years we've
handled them .
Perfectos $3 box of 25
Rothschilds 4 box of $c