PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SAN FRANCISCO, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 22, 1900.
VOLUME LXXXVIII-NO. 114.
Continued on Second Pago
The reply to the request of Prince
Ching. submitted through Minister. Wu,
that Minister. Conger be empowered to
open peace negotiations contains the
same information that is given to Russia,
It is indicated that the United States
will soon appoint commissioners, of whom
Minister Conger will be one, and that
this Government is prepared to open ne
gotiations in the near future. The note
indicates the desire .that the other Gov
ernments shall unite in these negotia
tions, and the harmony of the powers
shall be preserved.
States is ready lo open peace negotiations
and that Li Hung Chang and Prince
Ching are acceptable to this Government
as negotiators on the part of China. It
is stated that this Government is ready
to accept the credentials of theso two
representatives of China as prima facie
evidence of their authority sufficient for
the opening of negotiations, their suffi
ciency to be established to the satisfaction
of the negotiators upon the beginning of
the conference.
and is therefore in the main satisfactory
to the Chinese Minister, to whom it was
delivered this afternoon.
In the memorandum delivered to Baron
von Sternburg. German Charge d'Affaires.
the proposition of this Government that
the Chinese leaders guilty of instigating
and participating in the outrages upon
foreigners should be given up for punish
ment preliminary to the opening of nego
tiations is diplomatically but none the
less positively rejected. It Is made clear
that this Government agrees with Ger
many on the principle that the guilty
should be punished, and attention is di
rected to the declaration of Secretary
Hay, in the note of July 3, that "if wrong
be done to our citizens we propose to hold
responsible the authors to the utmost ac
countability."
At the same time Germany is informed
that it is the "conviction of this Govern
ment that* it would be best to leave ¦ the
A. J. Youens, inspector for the Galves
ton Board of Underwriters, is footing up
the losses. He has finished the district
east of Twenty-fifth street and finds that
in the territory of total destruction east
of that street 1649 houses were destroyed.
His diagram shows that t rom , five to
seven ' blocks of the district lying along
the Gulf of Mexico and east of Forty
second street was shorn clear of build-
tract for clearing the streets has
been awarded. The contractors will es
tablish boarding camps on the beach and
commence work Monday morning with an
army of laborers at ?2 per day.
"Adjutant General Scurry of the Texas
Volunteer Guard has placed his regiment
of militia at the services of the city and
they will remain here for guard and pa
trol work. No saloons will be permitted
to open. There will be no Impressment
of men to work and there is plenty of
work both for mechanics and laborers.
f*\ ALVESTON, Tex.. Sept. 21.— At
a noon to-day martial law was abol-
I T lshed and the civil government re-
V_,-^ sumed control of affairs. .The con-
Galveston Bay bridge was completed at
3 o'clock this morning and the first train
— on the Santa Fe — to arrive since Sep
tember 8 pulled into the Union Station at
6:25 o'clock. Full passenger train service
has been resumed by all the lines entering
the city via Virginia Point. The Gulf and
Interstate Railroad, which enters via
Bolivar Point and the ferry, will not be
In operation for several days. The five
lines which cross the bay bridge operate
thirty passenger trains dally and they
Mrs. Mussey. vice president of the Red
Cross Society, will leave for Washington
Sunday night and will explain to the
people of the country exactly what Is
needed in Galveston. Her Idea Is that
meetings should be held throughout 'the
United States end the needs of Galveaton
thoroughly explained.
ings. West of Forty-second street the
settlement was sparse and nearly every
thing but a few buildings far back from
the Gulf was demolished. Mr. Youens
will continue his inspection until a com
plete survey cf property loss has been
made.
have an enormous quantity o? freight ta
come in and gc out.
The usual work of sanitation, caring for
the sick and disposing of dead bodies was
continued to-day.
Large amounts of garbage are being
hauled from the city and burned and dis
infectants distributed. The sanitary con
dition of the city continues to improve
and Dr. Wilkinson, City Health Officer,
says that all danger from an outbreak of
disease Is now passeU.
With the resumption of railroad service
to-day business along the wharves began
in earnest. Several ships are taking on
cargoes.
VICTIMS ADDED TO THE ROIX.
New Names on Galveston Death
List.
GALVESTON. Sept. 21.— Following Is
the additional list of dead reported late
last night: ~ ¦¦'.¦': '
— Blrge and wife; Mrs. Mary K. Burns
and child; John ButterfleM,
W. A. Deering. wife and six children.
Mrs. Thomas P. Farley.
D. L. Grey and Xour children. Cecil.
CALL BUREAU. WELLINGTON
HOTEL. WASHINGTON, Sept.
21.— In unmistakable language the
United States has stated its po
sition in regard to the various
phases of the Chinese question and that
St Is ready to act independently of tho
other powers If that be considered ad
visable. This Government proposes im
mediately to withdraw most of the Amer
ican troops now In China, leaving only
strong legation guards. Peace commis
eioners will be appointed by the President
to act with Minister Conger in negotia
tions with the Chinese Government anu
representatives of other powers:
The credentials of 1^1 Hung Chang and
Prince Ching will be accepted as being
prima facie of their authority suf
ficient for the opening of peace ne
gotiations. The -United States con
fers It better that the question of
punishment of those Chinese officials re
sponsible for the anti-foreign outbreak
should be Included in the negotiations
rather than be made a preliminary to
BERLIN, Sept. 21. — Some of the powers have already replied to the German note regarding the punishment of the Chi
nese ringleaders implicated in the massacres — among others Russia, the United States and probably France. Germany will not
publish the answers of the powers who consent to her proposal, in order to avoid the appearance of exerting pressure on the other
powers. Perhaps publication will be made later after all the replies have been received. A conversation with German officials con
firms the belief that there is dissension between Germany and the United States.
A dispatch received here from Taku, dated to-day, September 21, says: "Yesterday evening the Peitang forts opened
fire on the Russian infantry camp, wounding twenty-five men. Since early this morning a German howitzer battery has been
shelling the forts and town." .
These are In substance the conclusion
reached by the President and Cabinet to
day in their consideration of the replies
to be sent to the several notes from the
Russian, German and Chinese govern
ments. The reply delivered to M. de
Wollant, Russian Charge d'Affairts, this
afternoon is most important as it given
a clear statement of this Government's
policy:
The Russian Government is in
formed that the United States Gov
ernment proposes immediately to
withdraw the greater part of the
forces under General Chaffee. Recog
nizing, however, the fact that it
would be unwise to leave Minister
Conger in China without ample pro
tection, he is to have as a legation
guard a full regiment of infantry, a
squadron of cavalry and a battery of
artillery.
This note makes it clear thct the UnJiad
FORT WORTH, Tex., Sept. 21.— Trinity River at this point has risen twenty feet since last
night on account of a twelve-hour rain, inundating the river bottom in a portion of tl:« city. Hun
dreds of families have been driven out. Three persons are reported drowned. The water is spread
ing over half a mile of country. A relief corps is at work in the bottom carrying the people to
places of safety.
DALLAS, Tex., Sept. 21. — The fiercest wind and rain storm known in this part of Texas
in years prevailed last night. Streets and basements were flooded. Cotton "suffered extensively.
Trinity River is raising a foot an hour at Dallas.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
While Order Is Being Restored in the Stricken City
News Comes of an Additional Affliction.
Proposes to Immediately Withdraw Most of American Troops in
China and Appoint Peace Commissioners.
MINOR FLOODS FOLLOW
THE GALVESTON DISASTER
UNITED STATES PREPARES TO ACT
INDEPENDENTLY OF OTHER POWERS
lasting over two weeks, said:
"I do not think we are likely to en-
General Gobin has been placed in com
mand of the provisional brigade and start
ed from here to-night with his staff on
a special train for Shenandoah. He will
establish headquarters there and expects
to be on the ground with 2500 troops by
5 o'clock Saturday morning. The organ
izations which have been selected for this
service are the Fourth, Eighth and
Twelfth regiments, Battery C of Phoenix-
HARRISBURG. Pa.. Sept. 21.— Three
regiments of infantry, a battery and a
troop of cavalry were ordered out at mid
night by Governor Stone to assist Sheriff
Taole in maintaining order in the Schuyl
kill region. This action was taken after
a conference between the Governor, Adju
tant General Stewart, and General Gobin
on the urgent solicitation of the Sheriff,
the Borough Council of Sheanandoah and
many prominent residents of that locality.
Disturbed District.
Two Thousand Troops Sent to the
MILITIA IS ORDERED OUT.
firearms and ammunition. The Council
also swore in. the members of the flre
companies and other citizens to aid in re
storing order.
NEW YORK, Sept. 21.— President Oli
phant of the Delaware and Hudson Canal
Company, when asked to-day whether
his company would be likely to engage
outside labor In the event of the strike
resentative of Strikers.
•WTLIi MEET ARCHBISHOP RYAN.
But Will Not Recognize Him as Eep-
General Gobln is the Senior Brigadier
General of the division and commanded
the provisional brigade which was ordered
to Hazelton after, the I-atimer shooting
in 1S97.
Battery C is equipped with Gatling guns
and Is one of the best drilled organiza
tions in the guard.
ville. Governor's Troop of Harrisburg and
the Third Brigade headquarters. Colonel
Richardson has taken charge of the move
ment of the troops and the camp equip
age and tents. Major General Miller,
commander of the division, has been sum
moned to Harrisburg and is now on his
way from Franklin. Attorney General El
kin has also been called here from Indiana
to advise with the Governor.
THE PRESIDENT AND SECRETARY OF THE UNITED MINE WORKERS
OF AMERICA. WHO ARE DIRECTING THE STRIKE. THE OTHER
PICTURES ARE OF SCENES IN THE ANTHRACITE FIELDS.
"The strikins miners recognize. as their
real opponents in this struggle for a slight
amelioration of the hard, grinding- condi
tions of the miner's life nine railroads, of
which, with their presidents, are: The
Pennsylvania Railroad Company, Alexan
der J. Cassett, president; Lehigh Valley
Railroad system, Fred Walter, president;
Delaware and Hudson Railroad, R. M.
HAZELTON, Pa., Sept. n.-President
Mitchell issued an open letter to the pub
lic to-night, in which he recites the griev
ances of the miners and the cause thereof
and points out a way to settle the strike.
President Mitchell says:
Making the Fight.
Mitchell Declares Nine Railroads Are
MINERS' REAL OPPONENTS.
SHAMOKIN, Pa., Sept. 21.— Evan Davis,
watchman at Hickory Ridge colliery, was
shot and probably fatally wounded this
morning by an unknown person as he was
patrolling his beat. He fired six shots at
his fleeing assailant, but none of the bul
lets apparently took effect. The colliery
ls in an isolated place and Davis was com
pelled to crawl a mile on his hands and
knees to procure aid.
to Procure Aid.
President Truesdale of the Lackawanna
said he, too, must decline to receive
Archbishop Ryan as a strikers' spokes
man, but would meet him in an individual
capacity.
COLLIEEY WATCHMAN SHOT.
Crawls a Mile on 'Sands and Knees
Mr. Oliphant -"Ud that friends of his in
Philadelphia had written to him asking
whether he would meet Archbishop
Ryan in this city. He had replied that
he would be pleased to meet the Arch
bishop as a gentleman or individual, but
that he must decline to recognize him as
a representative of the miners.
gage men in the place of those who are
now out. Such action leads to trouble
of the most serious character and we
think too much of our" men to replace
them with outsiders."
This provision Is inserted because here
tofore when committees presented griev
ances to any of the great companies they
were met with the argument that the
company could not remedy the wrongs
complained of because competing com
panies enforced conditions of employment
not more favorable to the mine-workers
than their own. By holding these separate
conferences simultaneously in one city
there could be an exchange of opinion
between all of the mine-workers and
miners whose interests were at stake,
thus removing the possibility of one com
pany being placed at a disadvantage by
paying more for labor than was exacted
from their competitors.
Provided, however, that such conference
between the various companies and com
mittees representing their own employes
will meet in separate halls on the same
date.
Mr. Mitchell asserts that he la an ad
vocate of arbitration and opposed to
strikes. He declares that the mine work
ers' officials will step aside and not ask
to be recognized or consulted by the mine
owners If the officers of these railroad
companies will meet committees of their
own employes and come to a peaceful
agreement.
Every pound of coal tnat Markle & Co.
would be permitted to mine ind ship
would invariably be appropriated by the
Lehigh Valley Railroad, thus placing in
their own hands the weapon which would
defeat the very object for which their
own employes are on strike, and because
of the mine workers or the anthracite
field having their wages based upon a
sliding scale the earnings of the Markle
& Co. men would necessarily be reduced
were the strike to prove a failure at other
points in the anthracite region.
The independent operators, Mr. Mitchell
says, are absolutely in trie clutch of the
railroads. If the miners made a settle
ment with Markle & Co. that settlement
could be lived up to by Markle & Co. only
so long as the strike continued elsewhere.
Oliphant. president: Delaware, Lackawan
na and Western Railroad Company, "VV.
H. Truesdale. president; Central Railroad
Company of New Jersey. J. R. Maxwell,
president: Philadelphia and Reading Rail
way, J. H. Harris, president; Erie and
New York, Susquehanna Western Rail
road, F. H. Thomas, president; Delaware.
Susquehanna and Schuylkill Company, I.
A. Stearns, president: New York, Ontario
and Western Railroad, T. B. Fowler, pres
ident."
HONGKONG. Sept. 21.— The French
warship Avalanche, which has been inves
tigating the killing of Christians in the
Samncr district near Canton, reports that
the crews of eight pirate junks by conni
vance with influential persona ashore have
sought to destroy the Christian villages on
the Canton delta.
VICTIMS OF
FIRST BATTLE
SHENANDOAH, Pa., Sept.
21.— Following are the vic
tims of the first clash between
peace officers and strikers:
KILLED.
Hike Yuckavage, shot in
the eye.
A little girl, name un
known, shot in the back of tLe
neck.
WOUNDED.
Ed-ward B. Coyle, aged 50
years, bullet wound near the
heart. He was sitting on his
stoop.
Michael Scanlan, shot in the
arm.
Anthony Skapnazicz, shot
in the left wrist with a 22
caliber bullet.
. John Wusdickey, aged 40,
shot in the hand.
Peter Stalmocovich, 28 years
old, shot in the shoulder. .
Anthony Axalasuge, shot in
left side, serious. A 40-cali
her bullet -was removed.
Among those who were In
jured by the rioters were:
George Bedding of Sing
town, ugly gash on right fore
head, caused by being hit with
a brick.
Robert Edwards, aged 64
years, injured seriously by
being hit -with stones.
Charles La-wland, aged 35,
injured on the head and neck
by stones.
SOUGHT TO DESTROY VILLAGES.
Chinese Pirates Planned a Raid on
the Canton Delta. ¦;5-
The workrr.f-n k-ft for home shortly after
4 o'clock. They walked up the middle of
East Center street and reached the Le
hiph Valley Railroad Here was
gathered a larpe crowd of Poles, Slavs
ened Miners.
SHENANDOAH, Pa., Sept. 21.— A
Sheriff** posse fired on a crowd of riotous
men near here this afternoon, killing two
persons and wounding seven othen;.
Sheriff Toole and Deputies O'Donnell
and Brenneraan w«=re called to Shenan
doah to-day to suppress the mobs that
thrr-atened mine-workers and colli^ry
prcperty. At quitting time the thr^e
Ehc-rifte and a small posse, whom the
Sheriff had pummoned on the ground,
. rrer.t to the Indian Ridjre colliery of the
% HeacliTig Company to escort the working
rr.f n to their hcraes. The colliery is lo
cajted a short distance east of Shenan
doah.
O Seers Fire TJpcn a Mob That Threat -
FATAL CLASH WITH POSSE.
Elsewhere the situation is quiet, but
j-eople are looking for an outbreak in the
Hazleton district and armed Sheriff's
deputies are much in evidence there. The
Reading Company has about discontinued
th* «aie of eoaJ for future delivery ai:d
to-r.ighfe r'oting almost certainly means
the e^uttir.g off of coai handling all over
the anthracite fields, temporarily at least.
by the closing of six collieries thtre this
morning through the efforts of strike
leaders. More will close to-morrow as a
voluntary act. it is said, on the part of
the Reading Company. This is done at
the request of Sheriff Toole. who hopes In
this manner to avoid further rioting. The
outlook at midnight, however, is dubious,
es the foreigners are in an ugly mood
after the day's happenings.
S-henandoah's trouble was precipitated
Sheriff Toole lost no time in calling on
the National Guard general to send troops
to aid him. After consultation the au
thorities decided to send troops to the
turbulent region to-night.
their way home under escort. A man
end a little girl were instantly killed and
eeveral others fell more or lers wounded.
PHILADELPHIA. Sept- n.— The trag
edy that has been looked for since the
coal workers* strike was begun came sud
denly and unexpectedly at Shenandoah
this afternoon. A pesse hurriedly gathered
by Sheriff Toole of Bchuylklll County to
meet an emergency were forced to fire on
a mob that was threatening workmen on
Trouble at Shenandoah Is Precipi
tated by the Closing of Six
Collieries*
and Hungarians, men, women and chil
dren, who lined both sides of the
street. A Bhot rang out from a saloon.
This was followed by a shower of stones.
Many of the crowd had picked up sticks
and stones and were acting in a threaten
ing manner. Seeing this, the Sheriff, who
had previously cautioned his men to keep
cool and not to use their firearms, com
manded them to flre. The order was
obeyed with terrible results. The crowd
pursued the Sheriff and his posse to the
Ferguson House, where they took refuge.
Sheriff Toole shortly afterward tele
phoned to Harrisburg and asked that a
detachment of troops be sent here. It
was learned that Adjutant General Stew
art wa3 In Philadelphia and a telegram
was sent to him there.
Superintendent Adam Boyd. inside fore
man, and Breaker Bosses James and
William Mitchell of the Indian Ridge col
liery at 3:30 o'clock this afternoon were
returning home from work when they
were met at the Lehigh Valley station
by a mob with sticks and stones. The
mine officials drew their ¦ revolvers and
fired. The mob became furious after one
of its number was shot and attempted to
close in on the officials. They ran up
Llcyd street to the O'Hara stable, where
they were imprisoned for two hours. The
mob threatened to burn the ! stable, but
Sheriff Toole, with twenty deputies, ar
rived and dispersed them and the mine
officials returned to their homes.
During the riot windows were broken,
buildings were wrecked and a number of
persons ¦were injured.
The foreigners held a meeting to-night
and more trouble is feared unless the
miiitia arrives before morning. The
Sheriff has asked the Philadelphia and
Reading Company to abandon the
idea of working the collieries here to-mor
row and the company consented to do so.
To-night It is raining and the mob has
scattered. Up to a late hour the Hun
garian that was 'killed was permitted to
lie In the gutter where he dropped. For
eigners of this class say a dead man is of
ro use and they. refused to care for the
remains.
The Shenandoah Council held a meeting
and parsed resolutions calling upon the
Governor to fend militia. They also de
cidr-d to enforce martial law. Special of
ficers were sent out to order saloon
keepers to closo their places and to keep
them closed until peace Is restored. It
was also decided to prohibit the sale of
One Man and a Little Girl Are
Killed by the Volley of
Bullets.-
In the Hazleton District Armed
Deputies Are Also Much in
.evidence.
Foreigners in Ugly Mood After
First Bloodshed and Further
Trouble Predicted*
Pennsylvania peace officers have fired on a crowd of riotous strikers, causing the threatened clash and bloodshed in the great anthracite coal fields. The encounter occurred near Shenandoah,
the result being the killing of two persons, one an innocent little girl and the other a Hungarian miner: ¦Deputies were escorting working miners to their homes when the shooting took place.
The Governor of Pennsylvania has called out three regiments of .militia, a .troop- of. cavalry and a battery of artillery for duty in the disturbed districts.
FIRST TRAGEDY IN THE GREAT COAL MINERS' STRIKE
CAUSED BY A SHERIFF'S POSSE FIRING UPON AN
ENRAGED MOB THAT THREATENED WORKMEN
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.BOERS DO NOT
' WI§H JO FIGHT
Roberts Says Majority in the
i LONDON. Sept. 21.— Further reports
from Lord Roberts say the Boers who re
main in the field include a few irrecon
cilables, but that the majority are fighting
under compulsion.
General Delarey, lt is added, hold 300
burghers as prisoners in his laager.
The War Office gave out the following
from Lord Roberts this evening:
WATERVALBOVEN. Sept. 20.-Pole-
Carew reached Koopmuiden yesterday.
There was no road and a way had to be
cut through jungles, intersected by ra
vines. He captured thirty-eight cars of
flour, a lot of coffee and nineteen dam
aged engines at Watervalonder.
Yesterday evening Lieutenant U. P.
Clarke was Ehot, but not fatally, by a
sentry while making the rounds.
FOXBORO. Ma?s., Sept. 21.— David
I>?wis Shepard and his wife, each about
75 years of age, who have lived in this
town for many years, were found mur
dered in their beds this morning, their
throats having: been cut with a knife. The
body of their son. William F. Shepard. 42
years of age, who has shown evidences of
inaanitv for some time, was found in a
pond about a mile and a quarter from the
scene of the trapedy. It is believed he
committed the crime. -;.,.¦:
Daly Rapidly Recovering.
NEW YORK, Sept. 21.— Marcus Daly
was able to sit up in his room all day to
day. His physicians say that if the pa
tient continues to improve as steadily as
of late he will be out in a few days.
Probably Killed by Their
Son Who Afterward
Ended His Life.
Social Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK. Sept. 21.— The Inheritance
tax on Collis P. Huntington's estate will
amount to more than {200,000. In an esti
mate prepared for Comptroller Coler and
submitted to State Comptroller Theodore
P. Gllman yesterday It appeared that the
transfer charge on specific bequests alone
would amount to J50.000.
No appraiser has been named for the
huge estate and the real valuation of the
enormous fortune left by Mr. Iluntington
will not be known possibly for eighteen
months, the time limit allowed for filing
appraisement reports. It Is estimated by
tbosa familiar with the affairs of Mr.
Huntington that his estate Is worth $50 -
000,000.
Comptroller Coler Submits an
Estimate on the Hunting
ton Estate,
NEW YORK, Sept. 22. — A special to "the Journal from Taku, dated September 20,
gives these details of the attack on the Peitang forts:
"I saw. 5000 Germans and Russians attack the Peitang forts yesterday. Of these 300
were killed. The attack began at 2 a. m. The forts replied with a hot artillery fire, well di
rected against the camp of the Russian infantry. At daybreak the allied forces advanced and
the Chinese received them with a rattling rifle fire, in addition to shells from heavy guns.
"The ground was mined over which we advanced, and the explosion of mines killed al
most all of the 300 who fell. By 7 a. m. the forts were on fire. Their fire was silenced during the
morning and to-night the infantry dashed in and took the ruined fortifications and the city.
"Li Hung Chang left here for Tientsin at 9 a. m.', and must have watched {he battle
from the train. A notorious Boxer was shot in public yesterday."
THREE HUNDRED ALLIES KILLED
IN TAKING THE PEITANG FORTS
BARGE SINKS AND
FOUR ARE MISSING
Struck by a Steamer in the St. Clair
River and Goes Down Like
a Log.
PORT HURON, Mich.. Sept. 21.— The
barge Martin, in tow of the steamer Mau
rice Grover, was sunk In the rapids at the
entrance of th<> St. Clair River to-night
by the stenmer Yuma. Captain James
Lawless, William Rosa. Mrs. Bacon, cook,
and one sailor are missing.
The Yuma crashed Into the starboard
side of the Martin and she went down
like a log. Navigation through the chan
nel is blocked. The wreck will have to be
blown up in order to clear the channel.
Consecrated Assistant Bishop.
PEORIA, 111.. Sept. 21.— Right Rev. Peter
J. O'Reilly was consecrated Assistant
Bishop of Peorla diocese and Bishop of
the Titular Diocese of Lebedos In this city
to-day at St. Mary's Cathedral. Thou
rands of people witnessed the ceremony,
which required three hours for its proper
performance. Following the consecration
exercises a banquet was given by the
new Bishop to the clergy.
question of punishment to negotiation.
The selection of the legation guard will
be left to General Chaffee, to whom it Is
understoofi orders have already been sent.
It will comprise either the Ninth or Four
teenth Infantry; that squadron of the
Sixth Cavalry consisting of four troops,
and Battery F of the Fifth Artillery, with
a total of between 1800 and 2000 men. The
remaining troops will be withdrawn and
sent to the Philippines, and the marine
battalion will also be withdrawn, a part
going to the ships on the Asiatic station
and a part being sent to the marine sta
tion at Cavlte^
POWEBS PLAY DOUBLE GAME.
Motives of Germany and Russia Open
to Suspicion.
LONDON, Sept. 22, 4 a. m.— It seems
to be generally believed throughout Eu
rope that Germany purposely proposed
her demand that the anti-foreign leaders
should be surrendered before negotiations
were commenced, with a view of delaying
any general acceptance of her proposal
until Field Marshal von Waldersee should
arrive at Peking. A dlppatch to the Daily
Telegraph from Washington asserts that
the United States Government has polite
ly declined to .agree to Germany's pro
posal. "
In any event, with Count von Waldersee
Journeying northward and Lt Hung- Chang
conducting negotiations from Tientsin,
matters must scon reach a crisis. The
manner of Earl Li's reception seems to
confirm the biifrpicions in Shanghai re
garding his close relations with Russia.
About 4000 Russian troops and all the
principal Russian officers met him at
Chung Liang Chen, half way to Tientsin.
A long conference was held, at which a
representative ot no other, power was
present. This remarkable friendship ex
ists at a time when two continents are
ringing with the story of massacres by
the Russians in Amur. . The Moscow cor
respondent of the Standard, reverting to
the subject of the massacres, this morn-
Ing says: iglffl
UNITED STATES PREPARES TO ACT
INDEPENDENTLY OF OTHER POWERS
Continued From First Page.
The expedition that General Chaffee re
fers to probably is the one he mentioned
in his dispatch of September 16. received
yesterday, in which he said General Wil
son was going to the westward of Peking
to clear the country of Boxers and open
up the coal fields. His reference to Rock
hill is not clear. One suggestion is that
Rockhill may be the name of the British
officer who commanded the English • ra
tion'of the expedition, according to. cable
dispatches published this morning. An
other is a cablegram may have been man
gled. General Chaffee intending to report
the arrival at Peking of Special Commis
sioner Rockhill.
"CHAFFEE."
The date of this cablegram, Peking, Sep
tember 19, shows that close communica
tion has been established with the Chl
r.cso capital.
"TAKU (no date).— Adjutant General.
Washington: Peking. Sept. 19.-Rockhill'.
Wilson expedition returned; object suc
cessfully accomplished. No casualties our
•troops. Forsythe's squadron scouted
northeast forty miles to relieve native
Christians; returned bringing in fourteen.
Surrounding country daily growing less
hostile and more peaceful, so far as my
expedition can determine.
WASHINGTON. Sept. 21.-The following
dispatch received at the War Department
yesterday from General Chaffee was made
public this morning:
Japanese scouts report that the sur
rounding country is free of the enemy"
No word has been received from the Sixth
United States Infantry, which Is operating
in the northeast.
Thursday. Sept. 20.— General James H.
Wilson, the American commander, took
Peitachu this morning. No details of the
affair have been learned, but the British
officials have received a dispatch an
nouncing that "the temples were taken
according to arrangement." It is said
General TVllion will move on Sanhaltien
and destroy the Chinese arsenal at that
place. The Germans moved westward to
day and it is doubtful if they co-operated
In the taking ot Peitachu.
PEKING, Monday, Sept. 17, via Taku.
His Expedition.
Copyright." 1900. by Associated Press.
American Commander Successful in
WILSON TAKES PETTACHTJ. \
"From a recont visitor to the Amur re
gion I learn that massacres are the order
Of. the day with the troops that are over
running Manchuria. The orders are is
sued by General Grodekoff , but it is quite
certain that Emperor Nicholas must be
ignorant of their nature. My Informant
has seen a representative from one of the
Manchuria commands, every one of whom
beseeches that he be allowed to spare
peaceable citizens, but the Russian Indif
ference to the lives of the common herd is
still of a truly oriental type."
Ijfte same correspondent asserts that
iwops by the wholesale continue to pour
into Manchuria. .
Li Hung Chang, according to Shanghai
dispatches, assumed the seals of the vice
royalty of Chill yesterday. His officers
are busy raising S000 foreign-drilled men
and well-armed men who are now en
camped at a point near and will soon
move to Tientsin.
It Is reported that Liu Kun Tl, Viceroy
of Nankin, alarmed at the prospects of
the German fleet ascending the Yangtse
River, is placing obstructions in the chan
nel below the Kung Ylen forts and land
ing troops to the northeast of Klangsu
for fear the Germans may land troops
there to attack Tsiangkiang-Fu.
The Shanghai correspondent of the
Morning Post expresses the opinion that
Germany's policy may yet lead to a rising
in Central China.
The Standard has a Taku telegram as
serting that as a means of dverting pun
ishment the acting governor of Paoting-
Fu has posted ' a ' proclamation ordering
the suppression of the Boxers.
The Shanghai correspondent of the
Daily News, cites the opinion of a high
foreign official that the Emperor and Em
press Dowager will, under ,the pressure
exerted by Chinese viceroys, surrender
Prince Tuan and the other anti-foreign
leaders to the powers. .
WEEPING WATER. Nebr.. Sept. 21.—
W. J. Bryan to-day conducted the canvass
of his old Congressional district. He
makes a practice of going over the dis
trict eyerj^ two years. To-day he left
Lincoln at 9 o'clock, and running a few
miles out to Elm wood took a carriage and
drove twenty miles across the country to
Syracuse. He spoke to quite a large as
semblage of people there, and when he
concluaed re-entered his carriage an^
made another twenty-mile drive to Weep
ing Waters.
He spoke here to-night in a large grove,
and notwithstanding it is a Republican
community he had a large and attentive
audience. The speech delivered here to
r.ight was addressed mainly to Republi
cans and was an appeal to them to con
sider the new questions presented in the
campaign, without regard to past party
afflliations or prejudice. He paid especial
attention to the increase of the army and
the Philippine question.
SYRACUSE. Nebr.. Sept. 21.— In his
speech here to-day Mr. Bryan announced
that in his speech at Nebraska Citv next
Wednesday evening he would discuss the
trust question because of the presence
there of the starch combination. He said
that the Democrats believed as much in
tariff reform as they had in 1S32, but
neither of thefre was the issue of supreme
importance now. Referring to the trusts,
Mr. Bryan said:
"Everybody except Mr. Hanna knows
that we have trusts. Mr. Hanna made a
epeeeh the other day in which he said he
iiid not believe there was a trust in the
United States. I think he is the only man
in the country who pays he docs not know
there is a trust, and my own opinion is
that there is not a man in the country
who knows more about the trusts than
he does or knows better their names and
places of doing business."
National Party Unable to Keep a
Ticket in the Field.
CANDIDATES WITHDRAW.
BOSTON. Sept. 21.— The National party,
composed of men who feel that, they can
not conscientiously vote for either Mc-
Kinley or Bryan, held a conference here
day and abandoned' the idea of keeping
a political ticket in the field.
A. D. Howe of this State, who was
nominated for Vice President in New York
on the 5th inst.. is expected to follow Sen
ator Caffery of Louisiana, the Presiden
tial nominee, in formally withdrawing his
candidacy. This action is. virtually made
necessary by Senator Caffcry'a declina
tion and the failure to find any one will
ing to stand In his'ptead and by the im
practicability of perfecting an organiza
tion throughout the country at this late
period in the campaign.
PRESIDENT LEAVES FOB HOME.
ceive Delegations.
Will Neither Make Speeches Nor Re-
WASHINGTON. Sept. 21.— President
McKinlcy, accompanied by Secretary Cor
telyou. left Washington at 7:45 o'clock to
night for Canton. The President looked
in excellent health. He has not made up
his mind how long ho will remain in Can
ton. It will depend largely upon develop
ments in the Chinese situation. It can be
stated positively that he will not take any
active part in the campaign and will not
make campaign speeches. There likewise
will be no receptions of visiting^delega
tions.
Hubbell Talks at Corona,
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CORONA. Sept. 21.— Hon. O. Z. Hub
belJ. ex-Governor of Indiana, spoke to
night at Odd Fellows' Hail on the issues
of the campaign as viewed from a Repub
lican standpoint. His eloquent address
was heard by a large audience.
Asks Them to Consider New Ques
tions "Without Regard to Past
Party Affiliations or
Prejudices.
HIS WORDS TO REPUBLICANS
Addresses Assemblages in
Nebraska Towns.
BRYAN SPENDS
THE DAY IN HIS
OLD DISTRICT
.Tsmrj. Agnes and Lulu: J. Grissof. wlf^
p.n>i two ohlMren: K<1 Groom and wife;
Mif. M. J. GIr«s.-?igor.
Jacob Hllsenbure. wjfe and baby; Mrs.
A. Johnson, wife and child.
Mike Kelly, August Ke«ler. Emma
Kessl<^r. <iuFsie Kessler.
Mr?. I..Tw«ingr, mother of Mrs. J. W.
Munn Sr.
John McCune: Tony Maltzberger anO
family: Mrs. Minal and throe children:
Robert Moore: Theodore Muletz. wife ami
dauRhtcr; Willie Myers; George MicJ
dkpc^. wife and family.
Miss A cues Pauls.
Mr?. Robert Quinn and five children.
Mi<s Hrlena Ritchie; Annie Rohn (.col
nrod): Herman Rosin, wife and five chii-
J!rs. Julius Schilk* and two ch'ldren.
August and Albert; Eddie and Maggie
Finr.'jtt; Calvin Snipe and daughter; Mrs.
J. Sanford Boutbwfck and child.
I-avlna Teajrue a«d three chil
dren; Fred Treboslus.
Mrs. John Wclche; E. G. Woodward Jr.
YESTERDAY'S SUBSCRIPTIONS
The Amount Now Rsaches Close to
Twenty-Five Thousand Dollars.
An<-tth<"-r thousand and more w^nt into
tht Statr Rf'lief ("ominittoo's fund for the
Gaivcston Fuflerers yesterday. The sub
commltteea of the relief committee are
canvassing their trades thoroughly, and
ttte results ran be seen in the steadily
mounting f>tal that is jEroing- out to Texa«.
The money is being ?ent on as fast as it
accumulates.
The following additional subscriptions
*k"«re received yesterday:
Tlf-Ur-t Committee — Committee on Jew
chy dealers reported:
RaMwia Jewelry Company $10 on
l:adke &¦ Co 5 00
s^humach-r & iZo '. SO"
Vrittain &: Co 5 «•>
buafitMTK * T>ec r. no
Radolpo Rarth 5W
It H Li<-hteriM*>in 3 00
l.-.iiis Van Vlc^t 2 M
Cosimittce on cigars and tobacco reported:
P. Pachnnn & Co 20 00
i; Gosllaskr A Co it on
M. Rose&shlae tt Bro 10 00
Jonas >f <-ho«>n? * Id Z> «C
M^x Or.l«>n*tf>!n 3 01
?.:ichaliTi=<-hke F.ros. & Co 5 05
« - 8sh 1 no
« V.tl 100
Sid.-trian. LarJiraan & Co 10 Of
«-«Fh 1 "0
A. FibusSi TOO
' ¦"nimittf* or. rr(vk»r> - ar.<1 fclassware:
Naihan-IV'hrmatin Company Vt «C
i'?:i!»vi stat'-p (iliis? Company 10 00 #
Msrph A. Kid<i Co 10 f0 j
Committee o= drupgists:
3. r:. <;ai»s & Co 2000
Commitu* oa architects: .
Oommiuw on hatteis:
)!!\v»? & Wcdel* 7.. ...'.'.'.'.'.'..'...'...'. 10 M
C Hrrrniann &• <"o 10 °°
Oonre A. Klein & Co 5 00
Cai-rh 100
• "olman & Co lu 00
Cohl Bros H °>
KuKi-ne Korn 10 0")
Fisher ft Cq 20 00
Bchu»l«r Uros 20 M
J Porrhfr 5 00
IC. A. Lundstrnm 5 00
Committee on millinery dealers:
Th* Wonder Millinery Store 20 00
}Ilnz & l^andt 20 00
VariFipn Mil'inery 1M
tin. J. Coujrhlan 5 no
Hinfc. .Ta«-n)eko 4- Co 29 00 j
Butler, K(»iu:7e * Co 2*( <rt
ninll.-r & Rh8( Co 20 0-) i
Andrvw A. .faoob &. Co 10 n<» j
Kriih's Millinery - 00 |
<"¦!= h 1W
V.'. J. Kahlctn 3 <»!> I
The L"a-ier Millinery 100
K. J. M<<Tabe 3 <V>
Jiinan 1 on
l'ala." Millinwr 3 <W
3. 5. Duesan 5 00
Ullliaun* IJrr* 10 Oft
Ctutrie* K»-ilus 10 'W
Chairman Heiiman rrrorted: \
Oftkxn it a. P. U. R Co.. Stn Fran
.is.c, asfono^:
J. C. Stubl* 50O0
K O. M.-«:ormlclc 10 <» \
W. Frroule .'. 10 ") 1
T. H. Goodman 10 00!
A. U. Shf-r>ar<l 5 0<«1
F. N. Bostwlek SO)
.T. A. Fill more 10 00!
.T. TI. Wallace -... 5 01 j
William Hood v 10 01
.1. S. Willrutt 10 fri '
J. M. ilanford 10 03
It. A. IvmaMson 5 <*> j
.lani<"S Uorsburrh Jr 5 04 j
II. R. Ju-iah ;»01
N. T. Smith 2)00
c. h. n«!inrton io <») I
«". T. Klink :...-. 5 09 !
W. F. Htrrin JO M |
.T. E. Foulds 5 00'
P. T. Gace 10 0-1 j
Market Str«-<-? Railway Company 510 <«) ¦
K->.rh*>rV J'nitoirlve 1'nifn 10 00 ]
1'irst J'resbyn-rian Church. San Fran
cis"*o •• - — CS 00
Citizens of r.ilinas. Cal., ;•? follows:
Mra. Metz 1 or,
Mrs. Harvey ' in
G*OTC« Miller 1 «i |
W, ifrtz " T 1 00 j
Mm. Itocers 10J|
F.. P. It S 03 I
Citiz^nH San I^uis Oblspo County !>2 ss
A. J- MfXIeoil & Co y\ ml
Vuli-an Iron Works Z"> 00 |
llrnlon. Holmes &¦ Co W 00 i
¦ ,•>•- Jtarb«ir Commercial Co WOO
Mr. clans Srreckels, special committee, re
<¦. A. Given 13 00
I'.3nk of CAlifornla, treasurer, reported :
<'«!lfoniia Saw Works 53 OS
•C" 1 "0
*'. G. I» 2 »"
Harr>- I'nna 25 C)
Holrl Bros 25 00
V. S S 00
W. P. Fuller & Co 50 00
Piardard Oil Company 50 Pv
U. V. .\'a>on & Co SOU
I^eonard & Ellis 23 00
• ». ti. Orrick 10 00
Chamber of Commerce:
Hind ic Poilpli - 25 00
Mayor Phelun:
Oeorge S. Keil«reak", Johnsville. Ca! 5 00
Wilton & Uro 25 60
lifrman Letlic-s' \'erein 10 CO
Total to-day H.8S5 U
Previouely acknowledged ...-ta.9S7 68
Total to date S:t.S13 S4
FRANCE ANNEXES TWO
GROUPS OF ISLANDS
Kurutu and Tabui Are Made Part of
Her Territory at the Request of
the Natives.
MELBOURNE. Victoria. Sept. 21.— The
Kurutu and the Tabul Islands were for
mally annexed to France by the Governor
of Tahiti August 21, at the request of the
natives.
WELLINGTON, N. Z.. Sept. 21.—Rich
ard John Seddon. Premier of New Zea
land, announced to-day in the House of
Representatives the annexation of the
Cook Islands, southwest of the Society
Islands, with the consent of the Basa
tonga chief.
This step Is a counter-movement to meet
the French annexations of the Tabul and
Kurutu Islands.
Work of the Connecticut Democratic
STATE TICKET NAMED.
Convention at Hartford.
HARTFORD, Conn., Sept. 21.— The
Connecticut State Democratic convention
met here for the nomination of State offi
cers and six Presidential Electors. There
were nearly 800 delegates present. Samuel
L. Bronson of New Haven and Cyrus C.
Beckwlth of New London were nominated
by acclamation for Governor and Lieu
tenant Governor, respectively. The other
nominations for State ofllcers were also
made by acclamation.
The, platform Indorses the nomination of
Bryan. and Stevenson and reaffirms the
platform adopted by the Democratic Na
tional Convention at Kansas city
MANY MAY, LOSE HOMES.
Thousands of Destitute Families in
Brazoria County.
HOUSTON. Sept. 21.— N.* Mills to-day re
ported officially on conditions In Brazorla
HALF OF CALCUTTA
IS NOW SUBMERGED
Streets Plooded to a Depth of Three
Feet and Many Houses
Collagsed.
CALCUTTA, Sept. 21.-The extraordi
nary rainfall In Northern India has not
ceased for four days. Half th© city of
Calcutta Is submerged and even In the
northern part the streets are flooded to a
depth of three feet. Many houses have
collapsed. Thus far there has been but
little loss of life, although as the 1 rain
continues very heavy there Is considerable
apprehension. It is estimated that thirty
live inches of rain has fallen in Calcutta.
LONDON, Sept. 22.— A dispatch to the
Dally Mall from Calcutta, dated yester
day, says that twenty-five inches of rain
was registered there in two days of the
present great storm.
Special Dispatch to The Oill.
RENO. Sept. 21.-The bandits who
robbed the First National Bank of Wlnne
mucca on Wednesday are still at large.
The posse of eight that left Tuscarora
yesterday afternoon divided and took
four different routes to White Rock. A
large posse also left Tuscarora by train
for Golconda, dividing there to make a
circular advance toward AVnite Rock, it
expected to reach there this mornlngr. it
is more than likely that the robDers have
been captured or a fight has occurred py
this time. President Frank Lee. who
has just returned from Winnemucca. says
nearly forty heavily armed men are
searching the country and he Is confident
they will encounter the outlaws.
Besides the other rewards. Sheriff AIc-
Deid of Humboldt has offered J300O
for the fugitives, dead or alive.
WINNEMUCCA. Nev.. Sept. 21.-The
men who robbed the First National Bank
at this place on Wednesday have been
.followed into Elko County. When the
pursuing posse arrived at Tuscarora. 130
miles northeast of here, yesterday after
noon, it was only twelve miles behind
the robbers. The posse obtained fresh
horses and reinforcements and started out
again with a good chance of catching the
robbers before they get into the Junipers,
a wild section, which they were heading
for. No news has been received since
then. There Is no communication by wire
with the part of the State in which the
robbers and their pursuers now are.
List Forwarded of Enlisted Men Who
HAVE ANSWERED THEIR
LAST CAT.T, TO ARMS
Were Killed at Mavitao,
I/uzon.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON*. Sept a.-FolIowin* are
the names of enlisted men killed Septem
ber 15. at Mavitao. Luzon:
¦William Fitzgerald, first sergeant: Ever
monde, Dehart. sergeant: Laurltz Jansen,
corporal; William L. Baker, private; John
P. Brink, private: Edward C. Coburn. pri
vate: Fred tjuggan. private: George R.
Horton. private: Emanuel Kaufman, pri
vate; Thomas P. Kelly, private; Arthur
S. Mansfield, private: Thomas Mulrey,
private: Edward M. Neal. private: Thomas
I. Pitcher, private: Scott L. Smith, pri
vate, and Richard Taylor, private, all of
Comoanv L. Fifteenth Infantry.
Thomas P. A. Howe, first sergeant: Ed
win J. Godahl. O. E. Halght. A. J. Muel
ler, James G. West and Edward Stallcup,
privates, all of Company L, Thirty-sev
enth Infantry.
Vessels Reported Ashor*.
ATLANTA. Ga.. Sept. 21.— A special to
tho Journal from Key West, Fla.. says It
la reported that two vessels are ashore on
one of the keys about forty miles north
of here. It is reported also that half th-=»
crew of one of the vessels has been lost.
Wreckers have gone to investigate the
reports. -'>.-
One Band of Man-Hunters Arrives at
Tuscarora Only Twelve Hours
\ Behind the Fleeing
Bandits.
MANY PARTIES JOIN THE CHASE
Nevada Posses May Have
Encountered the Fugi
tives Before TMs.
CLOSE UPON
THE TRAIL OF
BANK ROBBERS
County. He says the people need money
to buy shingles, nails, lumber, etc. Un
less quick relief ia given many will h<
compelled to abandon their homes. Th«
statement of the number of destitute fol
lows: Arcola. 200; Sandy Point. 500; Che
nango, 1000; Ansrleton. 2000: Velasco, 2500:
Brazorla. 1500; Columbia, 2300.
The figures embrace the country trib
utary to the towns named as well as ra
the towns themselves.
NEW YORK, Sept. 21.— Confirmation of
the brief account given by the Moscow
correspondent of the Standard of the mas
sacre of 5000 Chinese inhabitants of Bla
govestchensk by Russians Is contained In
a more detailed recital of the event in a
letter from Professor G. Frederick Wright
of the Oberlin Theological Seminary.
Ohio, under the date of Strclenski. Si
beria. August 6. llr. Wright describes the
friendly relations existing between the
Russians and Chinese along the railway
line prior to the outbreak of the anti-for
eign disturbances and continues:
"But in the twinkling of an eye all this
was changed. As soon as the Russian
troops went clown the river on transports
(July 14) the fort at Aygun began with a
warning to fire upon passing steamships,
and on the 15th fire was opened upon
Blagovestchensk and soine Russian vil
lages were burned opposite the fort.
"The actual injury inflicted by the Chi
nese was slight, but the terror caused by
It was indescribable and it drove the Cos
sacks into a frenzy of rage
Chinese to the number of S00O or 40OO in
the city were expelled In great haste, and
being forced upon rafts entirely inade
quate were most of them drowned In at
tempting to cross the river. The stream
"aTl 'airly black with their bodies. Three
days after we counted hundreds of them
Ir "In e our a r C ide through the water country
to reach the city on Thursday, the 19th.
we saw asmany as thirty villages and
hamlets of Chinese in flames. One of them
wa?a I city of 8U00 or 10.000 inhabitants. W e
estimated that v.e saw the dwellings or
20.000 peaceable Chinese In flames that
awful day, while parties of Cossacks were
scouring the fields to find Chinese and
shooting them down at sight. What be
came of the women and children no one
knows, but there was apparently no way
for them to escape to a place of safaty.
"On our way up the river for 500 relies
above the city every Chinese hamlet was
a charred" mass of ruins. The large vil
lage of Motcha was still smoking and we
were told that 400 Chinese had been killed.
"We do not mention these facts to ex
cite prejudice against the Russian au
thorities or against the Cossacks. This
¦work of devastation has not tx^en ordered
by those hish in authority. It i3 rather
the result of mob violence, such as insti
gated the promoters of lynch law in th«»
Southern States, or. more nearly, such as
has from time immemorial animated the
pioneers in America against the Indiana
when whole^.ile destruction of property
and of life was thought to hf- a mllfary
necessity. The wives and children of thft
Cossacks were in terror.
'•Since we left we hear that Aygun ha^
been taken amid great losa of life to in*
Chinese. Work in the mines 13 paralyzed
and laborers have been driven out. Peacn
between the Russians and Chinese, two
of the greatest nations of the world, has
come to an end. Yeare cannot wipe ou:
the enmity engendered.
"The Chinese eastern railway extend*
for 1S00 miles through a country that
must remain hostile. The American In
dians were so few that they could be ex
terminated or absorbed. The absorbing
capacity of the Chinese Js fully equal to
that of the Russians. Yet these nations
are now brought Into contact with a ltrir»
200") miles In extent. The prospect Is not
pleasing. Can the breach be healed? Can
time erase the memories of the last two
weeks? It seems impossible."
Special Dispatch to The Call
Professor Wright Says That for Days the River at Aygun
Was Black With Bodies and Flaming Vil
lages Lit the Skies.
Number of Those Who Perished on the
Frontier Will Never Be Known.
CONFIRMS RUMOR OF
CHINESE SLAUGHTER
(Drawn from photograph taken for the Dallas News.)
GREATEST MIRACLE WROUGHT BY THE TORNADO.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 22, 1900,
NEW ORLEANS, Sept. 21.— There was
n Quadruple lyncliinj? in Ponchatoula,
Tanpipahna Parish, last r.Ipht.
The lynched men, all negroes, were:
Isaiah Rollings, aged 18, single;
IJathaniel Bowman, aged 47, leaves
» wife and seven children; Charles
Elliott, n^ed 20. single; George Bick
ham. aged 20.
Th. !vnol-.ings are the outgrowth of a
robbery committed on Tuesday night last.
trtien some r.« groes entered the home of
Mr. uv,<\ 'Av.-. !,<>U!:- Hotfeldtcr and rcMxvi
tl!«m of $258. As one of the negroes was
in Ih* art of rifling: the arn;"ire, Mrs. Hot
frMtrr fnranR from her bed and grappled
\\-.\h the burglar. Ik-fore -her husband
<<iu!d erne to h<r rescue the nepro dealt
her a f«tuttninj» blow on the head which
knocked her f*>nsolef;t=. and escaped. It is
feared i-he may lope hrr mind.
The citizens <if Ponchatouia armed
themselves and organized a posse to hunt
<li v!i ihe burglars. As the perpetrators
\» • r" not positively known, it was deter
mined to run in all the neproes of the
r.c ighborhood. who were known to have
unsavory reputation*. As a result four
teen were arrested and landed in jail. At
J« o'olook last «iisht the mob v.-alted on
Sheriff Mix and tiemande-d the keys of the
jail. These he refused to give up.
They then blattered down the doors of
ihe jail and taking four of the negroes,
d rapped them out and strung: them' up to
a single tree. The necks of three were
broken by the fall, but the other, George
Bickham. was strangled to death. No
shots were tired into their bodies, which
were left hanpinj; until 7 o'clock this
morning:.
The Coroner's jury returned the usual
verdict of "Camp to their death at the
hands of parties unknown."
I'o.tps of citizens are scouring . the
country for other susireots. and it is al
most certain that other lynehings will
follow. The negroes are terrorized and
are flocking to the churches as places of
safety.
Ther*» havf been more deeds of vlolonce
in Tangipahoa Parish than in all the other
parishes of the State combined. Up to
a recent date it wap almost a Weekly oc
currence for an assassination or a murder
to be committed. Moreover the perpetra
tor would be tried and invariably ac
quitted.
Armed Men Are Scouring the Country, and It Is Feared
That More Deeds of Violence Wiil Be Com
mitted, as the People Are Frenzied.
Special Dispatch to The Call
LYNCHING OF NEGROES
BY A LOUISIANA MOB
Suspected of Having Robbed a House and
Attacked a Woman.
Field Are There Under
Compulsion.
2
THE NORWEGIAN STEAM
ER GYLLER WAS PICKED UP
BY THE TORNADO FROM HER
WHARF ON THE EAST END
OF GALVESTON, CARRIED
AROUND THE BAY SIDE,
THROUGH TWO BRIDGES, AND
LANDED SIX MILES AWAY.
HIGH AND DRY,' BETWEEN
VIRGINIA POINT AND TEXAS
CITY. SHE IS INTACT, BUT
MAY NEVER FLOAT AGAIN.
THE CAPTAIN SAYS THAT THE
SHIP WAS DRIVEN WITH SUCH
FORCE THAT WHEN IT TORE
THROUGH STRONG RAILROAD
BRIDGES BROADSIDE ON
THERE WAS NO SHOCK AP
PRECIABLE. HE DID NOT
REALIZE THAT THE SHIP WAS
STRIKING ANYTHING AT ALL
UNTIL AFTER HE WAS ABLE
TO SEE AND FOUND WHERE
HE WAS.
MURDER OF AN
AGED COUPLE
INHERITANCE
; TAX A FORTUNE
To Cure a Cold In One Day
Tak* Laxativ* Bromo Qulnlns Tablets. All
druggists refund the money If lt fails to cure.*
E. W. Grove's signature Is ot» each bcs. SSo. •
ADVEHTISZME2TT.S.
Ml*. May Hawkins Will H«lp Evtry
Woman Save a Drunkard.
A Trial Package of Hsr Marre!otr3
Home Treatment F R EE for the asking.
An7 true woman might well be proud tohara
saved onspoor soul f jotn the shackles of drink.
bu&Mr*. HawUinshas redeemed thousands ij
tier aoble and practical worlf among those wh?
have been victims of Intemperance. Mrs.liawii-
ina for years suffered the grief and anguish
shared by so many truo and faithful women ol
America to-day, who have iirin!:-aCllcted fath-
ers, husbaa Js or sons. She determined to over*
coma this fearful eril If possible. Her searcn
for a harmless, perfect and secret noras cars
was ac last rewarded when an eld friend cams
to her and save bera reracU? wnich bad ncTer
been known to faiL Mrs. Hawkins gzvo tas
remedy secretly and In afew weeks. to her firreat
Joy, li«r dearest relative was entirely cured of
appetite for drink and waa again restored to
health and manhood. _ .,
After this wonderful result Jfra Ilawnins de-
cided to devote her life to the worU or helpin/
her sisters everywhere.^hom she fotwid suffer-
In? as she had suffered from the elects of alco-
hol upon a husbanJ, father or son. With ta»
ass!s:anc9 of others sh« perfected the original
treatment and now offers to send this treat-
ment free to any distressed wife.mother or sis-
ter who will write ror it. Mrs. Hawkins' great
desire Is that every woman who needs this
medicine will write at once to her and res is.
A Gr^rcfnt Woman.
MRS MAT. UAWKINS, Grand Rapids, Mleh.—
MyDearKrlond: Yon have been the means of brinjr-
Inssunshlnelnfotarhonje. Last Anrastl got your
remedy and bet«n Tivimrtttoiav hnsbancl.anrt f rom
that tiraenntll theprcBon*- he nasnot takrna dro? of
anyklr..:of alcoholic drlnes. Irannot «ay toomncti
forwaatyourretnc<iThas(SonersrmeanrtIureeit!»i
»nel?ertoanyiaorber,sistcrorwlfewho shall neoU
B. Yours si ncerelr, MM.E A. LANE.
East Hampton, Me., Feb. It, 1&Q9.
Thousands have saved their homes ft&d loved
one3 by this remedy and you can be amonjr thn
number if yon only wlsn ic lira. Hawkins
treats every letter she receives sacredly con3-
dentlal and yon need have no hesitancy what-
ever In writing her for assistance. Do nor; de-
lay; write ner to-day. Address
Mrs. Mai Hawkin' Box 128 . Grand Risldi, Mich
Price 25 cents, ah drugs' 8 ' 9 - or ser >t P 0?t
paid on receipt of price. DR. PAUL DE
FORD, 175 N. Spring St., Los Angeles, C*^.HARD "GRAFT" IN THE DEMOCRATIC SIDESHOW.
Mare Island Naval Orders.
VALJjEJO, Sept. 21.— The following
naval orders have been received at Mare
Island: . Promotions— Lieutenant Colonel
B. F. Harrington to be colonel of Marine
Corps; Major O. C. Berryman to be lieu
tenant colonel of Marine Corps. Retire
ment—Medical Director G. w. Woods.
The order sending Lieutenant O. W.
Koester to the Philadelphia has been re
voked. Capta-in-H.. Leonard Is detached
from duty with the marine regiment in
China and ordered to the hospital at
Mare Island for treatment:.
becausa the people in advance withdrew the
riiht of criticism. When you say of your
President that he can do no wrons— that you
will not criticize him — you have virtually In
dorsed the fundamental principle of monarch
ical government. All history has taught this
and everybody's knowledge of human nature
confirms It— namely, that power tends always
to grow In the hands of him who exercises it.
Give a: President power to overstep the limits
of the constitution and no one can tell how
far he may go upon the road to despotism.
How far have they gone already? t
In conclusion Mr. Towne remarked that
the dinner pall of the slave was full, and
that in the times of the Roman empire
the people were daily fed at the patri
cians' doors; but the American people
were not to be deceived by such superfi
ciality into closing their eyes while their
Government was stolen from them. The
money question was neither dead nor set
tled. We could not extend our commerce
with silver-using countries without restor
ing bimetallism.
SAN JOSE, Sept. 21.— The Democrats
opened the campaign, here to-night with a
rally at the Auditorium. A parade of
Democratic marching clubs headed by the
Fifth 'Regiment band and accompanied
by the usual red fire and roman candles
preceded the mass meeting. . There was
a large crowd at the Auditorium. Besides
prominent Democrats from all over thQ
county Chairman of the State Committee
Sims and M. F. Tarpey occupied seats on
the platform. J. H. Henry, Democratic
Congressional candidate from this district,
was chairman and made a short address
before Introducing Hon. Charles A.
Towne,' the speaker of the evening.
The meeting was an enthusiastic one.
Mr. Towne was frequently applauded. He
said America was the greatest power in
the world. Four years ago- he left the
Republican party and for four years he
had been doing what his energy and abil
ity could do to advance the cause of a
great principle rather than the selfish in
terests of any political party. The his
tory of.tbfi political parties was reviewed.
•In the earlier part of the century the- evil
influences of society tended to make for
the good of the few and against the many.
Large Gathering at Bakers
field Addressed by the
San Franciscan.
SHORTRIDGE ON
TO-DAY'S ISSUES
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BAKERSFIELD. Sept. 2l.-The city re
sounded this evening with the din of mu
sic, flaring rockets and roaring bombs in
honor of the presence of Hon. Samuel
Shortridge. Republicans were as thick
as oil derricks in the Kern River district.
Mr. Shortridge spoke at Scribner's Opera
house, *and the big building was crowded
from top to bottom.
Mr. Shortridge was in his usual pleas
ing mood and neld the close attention of
the big audience. His argument in behalf
of the Republican platform and McKin
ley's administration was masterful and
convincing. His telling points were nu
merous and were thunderously cheered.
Mr. Shortridge went right to the bottom
of the Republican soul and sent: high the
spirits of his . partisans for the coming
battle. He was Introduced by Judge Paul
Bennett, who presided, with a stageful or
vice presidents.
rilICO, S«"pt. 21.— Charles Cook, who was
j.; rested Ia?t nlsnt for the thett of two bar
re!? of wbiricy from the Chlco Brew try.
<<r.'c??i<\ to-day that Gusto Tlarin, a former
liarkeejjw at the brewery, *et the liquor out.
• ¦•i Use sidewalk for him. Hnrin was arrested
t'j-nfpiit and charpt-d with grand larceny.
k (STOCKTON. Sept. 2!.— Telephone messaefs
|run Oakdale and Acwnpo, fruft-raieing sec
xrns of the country, are to the effect --bat
beyond the biowinK ol a, few oranges from i
the trees nn damage was done by the high j
T.irid cf yesterday and to-day. In Stockton I
K-vfr.-il orr.&m«T.tal shade trees in public parks j
vwe blown down. J
MONTEREY. Sept. 21.— The Board of Super
visors of Monterey County has flxc<l the tax
1< vy for this county for th* current fiscal year
i*\ tl ."0 en each $100 of valuation, with i »>pe
ual school lax of 22 certs for Pacific Grove.
VISALIA. Sept. 2L— A bis windstorm has
tn-ru blowing in the mountain* east of Vli«alla.
<iiant tr^ee w«»re le%el«'d by the sale. One lm
rwnee tr*-e. 1T5 fe«t high, fell with such force I
that the concufislon threw H. C. Crawl, a
tamper, out cf bed.
FACItAMENTO. Sept. 21.— Frank Crane, sus
j-fcted or |-*;init an Eastern crook, tu taken
ir.to custody hrre a few days ago. He had In
l.is jiosi-es'Fion a number of valuable gold and
t:lvcr watches and Jeweler's tools. To-day he
fonfes-sed that he obtained the articles by rob-
L:ng a residence in VaHejo.
SANTA CBCZ, Pent, n.— Judpe Fmith this
morning granted a stay of execution until Oc
t«jh*r 1 in th<? case of Manuel Amaya. and until
October il In the case against Joseph .Tesiera,
both convicted of murder.
COAST NEWS IN BRIEF.
Bishop Hamilton's Address Before
Southern California Conference.
LOS ANGELES, Sept. 21.— The Method
i?: Conference of Southern California, on
reassembling this morning, went imm'edi
;.;. ly into executive session. At 10 o'clock
\hf- doors were thrown open and four
new members were admitted to the con
!• rence. Bishop Hamilton delivered an
address which was largely composed of
Bttrloe to young men entering upon a min
is:' rial care-er.
Toe lay association of the conference
completed organization by electing Dr
Dean W. Randall president. Senator llc-
Conas. Hon. A. J. Wallace and L>r. Whip
pl" Mar.-h vice- presidents and A_ ¥. Burdy
corresponding secretary.
The Church Extension Society anniver
sary was held this evening, the Kev. T.
K. E&oMnsoa presiding. Rev. S. A. Thomp
ton and Rev. J. II. King delivered inter
esting addresses.
ADVICE TO YOUNG MINISTERS,
A bulllipht and a barbecue are to be
given on Spanish day. The animals will
not be tortured, but the winner must
take a Las Oi coin from the bull's horns
without injuring thr animal.
The midway and street fair will oc
cupy lx)th sides of the avenue to the park
I : ' feet. Here will be all manner of
attractions, including Oriental shows.
D ascensions, cakewalks*, Mi» min
it;p camp, razzle-dazzle, merry-fjo-rounds
and nigh rope-walking. Besio.es these
there will be any number of free enter
tainments.
A complete racing? programme, con-
EiMins: of ten trotting and twenty-four
running events, has been arranged. The
; :--s for these will amount to $9000.
Thirty-six hundred dollars will b«
piven e-xhibltors as awards for premiums
In the various departments of production
and industry. This will bring out the
best display ever made of Santa Clara
Valley's fruits, wines and oils and all the
resources of the county will be shown.
• r S to 13, is expected to be the best
..-.•>- fair ever held in California- A
street fair is to be held in conjunction
and a mighty midway will offer all kinds
of attractions.
One of Its Features to Be a Midway
Where Numerous Attractions
Will Be Offered.
!-;'-;al Dispatch to The Call.
BAN JOSE. Sept. 2L— The annual fair
c f the Santa Clara Valley Agricultural
& ' ;>!>•, which will be held here from Oc-
SAN JOSE PLAINING
FOB, BIG STBEET FAIR
It now devolves upon District Attorney
Andresen to hold a preliminary exam
ination of the two men. charging them
¦with murder and at the same time to no
tify the Governor in order that extradi
tion papers may be taken out for their re
turn to New Mexico. They will be brought
to Salinas in a day or two and lodged ;r.
Jail pending their extradition.
SALINAS, Sept. 21.— There arrived In
.-an Lucas ihis morclag direct from Xew
Mexico the Sheriff of Bernalillo County,
¦who carne to identify the three men ar
rested here by Constable Dosh on sus
picion of being members of the Black
Jack gang, which murdered Sheriff
Chares while holding up a train seven
months ago. When the Sheriff faw
three men to-day he positively identified
two of them as Dan Johnson and Jim
Taylor, well-known members of the gai:,j
and who are known to have been pr<.-ser.i
at the time cf the train holdup. He la
not positive as to the ether man.
The men had in their possession twi
bridles, saddles and spurs, the saddles
being of a heavy Mexican design and
bearing the mark of a firm in Pueblo,
Colo.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Officer Frcm Bernalillo County De
clares Two of the Men Par
ticipated in a Train
Hold-Up.
MEMBERS OF BLACK JACK'S GANG
Outlaws Captured at Sa
linas Will Be Returned
to New Mexico.
IDENTIFIED AS
THE SLAYERS OF
SHERIFF CHAVES
TO-HI-BE-GAY FOUND
NOT GUIXTY OF MURDEE
Jury Acquits a Redskin Accused of
the Killing of an Arizona
Officer.
FLAGSTAFF, Ariz., Sept. 21.— One of
the most Interesting cases in the history
of the Territory ended to-day when the
jury acquitted To-Hi-Be-Gay, charged
with the murder of Officer Montgomery.
The trouble arose last November when
Deputy Sheriff Dan Hogan, with. a posse
of officers, went out to arrest a certain
Navajo Indian for having drawn his Win
chester upon Montgomery, a cowboy.
They found the Indians in camp fifteen
miles from Canyon Diablo, and, after
reading the warrant to the redskins, took
their guns.
As the Indians did not understand the
warrant, there being no interpreter, they
at once attempted to recover their arms.
After a short scuffle the officers drew their
nix-Fhooters and then a life and death
stniKglt began. In a few seconds Mont
gomery had bten killed, Deputy Hogan
wounded in the back and through the
arm and William. Durham shot through
the leg. Two Indians were killed, the old
chief dangerously wounded and To-Hi-Be-
Gay shot through the left wrist.
United States District Attorney Morri
son proved that the Indian who was ar
rested had run from the place before the
shot was fired that killed Montgomery.
HANNA TO TOUR THE WEST.
Will Spend Much Time in Nebraska
and South Dakota.
Special Difpatch to The Call.
CHICAGO. Sept. 21.-Chairman Hanna
to-day announced that he will make an
extensive tour of the West, particularly
in Nebraska and South Dakota. On hia
return from the Ea^, whither he will de
part to-night, the Senator will make a
decision as to his campaign speeches. The
Senator is anxious to follow Senator Pet
tlgrtw in the matter of speeches and also
desires to reply to Mr. Bryan in the lat
ter's State. To-morrow morning Senator
Hanna will meet President McKlnley in
Canton and Sunday he will be in Cleve
land, leaving there for New York Monday
morning.
Somnambulist Gets a Bad Fall.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WOOLAN'D. Sept. 21.-Earl Harvey, the
15-year-old son of Jack Harvey, while
walking in his sleep, fell from the second
story porch of the Madison Hotel last
night. His right arm was broken, his left
wrist and left knee were sprained and he
sustained other bruises.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
STOCKTON. Sept. 21.— Hon. Charles A.
Towne has come and gone without creat
ing even a ripple on the local political
sea. In the matter of a turnout and en
thusiasm his visit was a. frost. Mr.
Towne's address on the plaza was distin
guished by two things. He did not men
tion Mr. Bryan nor the Democratic party.
He devoted his entire time to telling Re
publicans they should not vote for Mc-
Klnley.
The distinguished gentleman arrived
here at 12:10 and was escorted to the plaza
by a select company of Democrats. Less
than 500 people gathered around the stand.
It was a bad hour and a windy . day.
Judge Joseph Budd presided. Once intro
duced. Mr. Towne went at his subject and
had this to say to Republicans concern
ing the President:
We sometimes hear the motto. "My country,
right or wrong." That Is bad enough. But
when we say, "My party, right or wrong,"
it is infinitely worse, for that is the abdication
of individual Judgment. But when we go
farther, as some men in the United States to
day are doing-, and say "My President, right
or wronsr," we have abandoned the funda
mental principles of the republic. To say "My
President, right or; wrong," is vlrtuallyito an
nounce.the very fundamental doctrine of mon
archy, which, as you know, used to be ex
sressed In this way: "The Kins can do no
wrong."
Why could the King do no wrong? Not be
cause to do wrong was in itself impossible, but
Weather Conditions Militate
Against the Silverite at
Stockton.
SMALL CROWD .
HEARS TOWNE
SALT LAKE, Utah, Sept. 21.— The
special Roosevelt train which re
mained at Ogden la^t night pulled
out for Salt Lake at 9:30 o'clock
this morning, arriving at 10:3'J.
Governor Richards of Wyoming and
United States Senator Warren of the
same State were on board the train. Sen
'ator Shoup of Idaho and Senator Carter
of Montana were still with the Roosevelt
party.
The train was met here by a great num
ber of people and a brigade of rough
riders, who escorted the Governor through
the principal streets, where flattering
demonstrations took place. Governor
Roosevelt was driven to the Alta Club
this morning and was there met by Hon.
R. C. Kerens, National Committeeman
from Missouri, and Perry S. Heath, secre
tary of the National Committee. One hun
dred and fifty cowboys wen in the street
in front of the club and the Governor was
persuaded to mount a horse and take a
gallop with the boys. As they prepared
for the start Governor Roosevelt remark
ed to the captain of the troop, "Now,
boys, when we fc tart lead off on a gallop."
This was done and the column of horse
men were soon flying down the street ana
disappeared in the dust. The ride lasted
about an hour. On his return from the
gallop he visited the famous Mormon
Tabernacle to iisten to an organ re
cital by Professor Daynes. The Governor
enjoyed this musical treat greatly and at
its close he exclaimed enthusiastically:
"This Is the best thing I have seen yet.
I have enjoyed it immensely. It is su
perb."
During the morning Governor Roosevelt
sent the first leng distance telephone
message over the line just constructed
between Salt Lake and Cheyenne, a dis
tance of 530 miles.
Governor Rootevelt and Perry S. Heath
were each presented with a genuine cow
boy saddle and bridle to-day by Utah
friends.
At the Salt Air Pavilion this afternoon
Governor Roosevelt spoke in part as fol
lows:
It must be to every man who is interested In
ta you that what has been gained by the blood
of our brethren and the children of our loins
shall not be forfeited through craven weak
ness. I ask that all good Americans— and be
yond and above all others that you of the
West, you who embody* all that Is most glori
ous and most characteristic in American citi
zenship—shall see to it that, at the outset of
the new century that is upon us, this nation
shall not abundon its duty, that it shall not
abandon those friendly islanders who have
trusted to our good faith and that It shall not
cringe before the task in front of us; that this
nation shall not play the part of a weakling
and a coward, but that it shall stride forward
with the strength of a giant and shall make
It evident to the nations of the world that
they may know now, once for all, that
wherever the American flag has been hoisted
in honor it shall never be pulled down in dis
honor.
Senator Carter of Montana spoke briefly.
The meeting at the Salt Lake Theater
to-night was one of large proportions.
The State. Assembly room was selected,
but it was not large enough to contain
those who sought admission. The seats
were filled, the three large galleries were
filled, the stage was filled and all the
standing room was- occupied to such an
extent that members of the National Com
mittee and even members of the recep
tion committee and of the press could not
obtain admittance. In his speech Mr.
Roosevelt said:
. The Philippines shall have liberty— aye. they
shall have a measure of liberty of which they
have been In absolute ignorance throughout
the ages. They shall have such liberty as
they have never known under Spain's rule and
such a measure of liberty as they never could
kr.o'vr under the rule of the tyrannical and
bloodthirsty oligarchy of > their own people.
They shall have liberty, but they shall have
It under the American flag.
We can say that we stand for justice. Let
us see to It that this nation in this generation
stands for Justice -for all; for equal dealing
with the strong and the weak: let us see to
It that our International obligations are per
formed: let us see to it that the nations of
the. world understand that we will do Justice,
not through fear, but because we love justice.
Our authority extends over the Philippines
now; if we shrink back from the task that
Is before us. It will show that our forefathers
who foueht the great . civil war for the pre
servation of this Government are better and
braver than we are. If we do that we will
have shown ourselves, as a nation, to have
ended lngloriously a career began gloriously.
this country a matter of the keenest delight
to come herp and see the marvels that have
been worked by man's Industry and thrift, by
his capacity, foresight and intelligence here In
this State. Much remains to be done, and the
national Government should. In my judgment,
do Its part, for here In the West the next
great stride must be taken by means of Irri
gation. It is eminently wise and proper that
the national Government should do its part
In creating proper storage reservoirs and proper
means for distributing It, and by that means
the products of this country will be tripled and
quadrupled.
Governor Roosevelt then paid a glowing
tribute to the services of the Utah sol
diers in the Philippines and continuing
said:
Now, gentlemen, I have but a word to say
to you, you, my fellow citizens, and you. men
and women of this great State. I will touch
upon Just one of the issues of this campaign
this afternoon. What I have to say is sug
gested by what has been in the papers during
the past two days and by what I have seen
here myaelf. The other day Mr. Bryan, In his
3peech at Chicago, Is reported as having said
that it boded ill for the republic to have a
hundred thousand soldiers walking about In
idleness. This morning I took lunch as a
guest of some of your citizens, among whom
were three men who wore the uniform of the
United States army and all of whom were with
me at Santiago, the eldest of whom, a lieu
tenant colonel, walks with a cane because on
the second day of the siege, when walking
about In Idleness, a t*hrapnel struck him. and
he will walk lame for the balance of his life
In consequence.
You read in the papers this morning about
how a band of our men were attacked by ten
times their number of Filipinos yesterday, and
how a third of them were killed and wounded
before they beat off their foes. Do you think
those men were walking about In Idleness? A
third of them are lying at this moment either
dead or on hospital cots, suffering from
wcunds that they received.
Do you not think that the courage of these
men and their patient endurance of suffering
and hardship in what they have done in up
holding the flag should entitle them to a better
reward than some slander or sneer about their
walking about in idleness? That news came
this morning. . •
I feel that in this crisis, at this period of our
history, ve have the right to appeal to every
man In whose veins the red blood flows to stand
with us now. I have the right to appeal to
every woman who gladly sent a son, a brother
or a lover to the war. I have a right to appeal
GOVERNOR ROOSEVELT ADDRESSES
BIG GATHERING AT SALT LAKE
UNITED, THEY 1A/OBQLE; DIVIDED, THEY F^ALL. .
FTJSION TICKET IN MONTANA.
Agreement Is Made Between Demo-
crats and Populists.
HELENA, Mont.. Sept. 21.— Fusion of
the Democrats and Populists was effected
to-day on a satisfactory basis, all candi
dates nominated and the conventions ad
journed just before midnight. A scheme
of fusion was .arranged to include the la
bor party, by which the Democrats were
to have Governor. Associate Justice and
Treasurer; the Populists were to have
Congressman, Auditor and Attorney Gen
eral; the Labor party Lieutenant Gover
nor. Superintendent of Public Instruction
and Secretary of State.
The Labor party refused the agreement
and at a night session nominated one of
their own men for Governor, J. A. Fer
guson, a clgarmaker of Missoula, and took
a recess until morning.
The three offices assigned to the Labor
party in the fusion agreement were di
vided, the Populists getting the Superin
tendent of Public Instruction and the
Democrats the other two places, also the
Presidential elector assigned to the La
bor party. The ticket nominated Is as
follows:
Democrats
Governor, Joseph K. Toole of Helena.
Lieutenant Governor, Frank G. Higglns
of Missoula.
Treasurer, A. H. Barrett of Silver Bow.
Secretary of State, George M. Hayes of
Yellow Stone. •
Associate Justice, George R. Milburn of
Custer.
Populists:
Auditor. Joseph H. Calderhead of Lewis
and Clarke.
Attorney General, James O. Donovan of
Cascade.
Superintendent of Public Instruction, J.
M. Lewis of Silver Bow.
1 Congressman, Caldwell Edwards of Gal
latin. Populist.
Mr. Toole, the nominee for Governor,
was the first Governor of the State after
admission.
The Labor party will probably complete
a full ticket to-morrow.
POWERS WILL NOT TRY
TO ENTER THE SENATE
Appointee of Utah's Acting Governor
Balked by Precedent in
Quay Case.
SALT LAKE, Utah. Sept. 21.— The fol
lowing signed statement has been given
to the press by Judge O. W. Powers, who
¦was recently appointed United States Sen
ator from Utah by— Acting Governor
Nebecker:
While there can be no question that Sen
ator Xebecker was Governor in the absence of
Governor Wells and Secretary Hammond from
the State and that he had power to appoint
a United States Senator, the precedent In the
Quay case makes it clear that his appointee
would not be seated. Our Democratic State
chairman. Mr. Burton, is of the opinion that
I can be of more service to the party on the
electoral ticket than in making a contest. In
addition, I have no desire to draw the salary
pending: a contest when I am convinced in ad
vance that the seat would be refused. Hence,
to take action, I shall not accept the appoint
ment. At first, it appeared to me that I
should make the fight and thus draw attention
once more, as urged by the Democratic party,
for a constitutional amendment providing for
the election of Senators by the people; but my
sober Judgment Is to the contrary. 1 appreciate
Governor Nebecker's confidence and shall al
ways cherish the compliment.
O. W. POWERS.
DAVIS' BOOM IS SPREADING.
Los Angeles Mayoralty Nomination
Is His for the Asking.
Special Dispatch to The Call
LOS ANGELES, Sept. 21.— If Charles
Cassat Davis, president of the City Hoard
of Education, desires the Republican
nomination for Mayor, It is ready to be
handed to him. The tip was passed by
several prominent party leaders, not usu
ally Interested in matters municipal, and
the suggestion has grown the more It has
been canvassed among the business in
terests of the city. Mr. Davis' Intentions
are not yet definitely known. Personally,
however, his inclination is opposed to en
tering the contest.
Chairman Ferd K. Rule says the execu
tive committee of the Republican City
Central Committee will be called together
early next week, when the date of the
citv convention will be arranged. It is
said the convention will be held in about
two weeks. .- • <
Will Testify in Bogle Case.
Special Dispatch to The Call
SANTA ROSA. Sept. 21.— A delegation of
prominent Monterey County residents ar
rived here this morning to act as charac
ter witnessed In the Bogle case. They
were: Dr. O- F. Trimmer, Mayor of Pa
cific Grove; C. K. Tuttle. member of the
Common Council of Pacific Grove; W. C.
Tuttle, City Engineer of both Pacific
Grove and Monterey; R. F. Johnson.
Mavor of Monterey; I. J. Field. Supervisor
of Monterey County and acting manager
of Monterey Bank; Rev. H. S. Snodgrasa,
and R. H. Willey of Monterey.
The defense to-day introduced testi
mony to prove that Bogle shot In self
defense.
Moody for State Senator.
GRASS VALLEY. Sept. 21.— The Third
District Democratic ; Senatorial Conven
tion last night nominated H. L. Moody, a
Truckee lawyer, for State Senator.
• LOS AXGELES. Sept. 21. — The National
Roadmasters' - Association of America will
meet here in convention on November 13. Five
hundred delegates are expected from all parts
of the United States.
FEMALE BOOTBLACK
FORSAKES HER STAND
TO WED A DAWSONITE
Fpec!al Dispatch to The Call.
SAN DIEGO, Sept. 21.— Misa Mary
Miner, who became Quite well
known as or.e of the girl boot
black? of San DJego. has given up
the brush and blacking box as r.
means of livelihood and is now oi
her way to Da-.v: on City, whe«-e
the is to be married to a man
named McDermott. She became ac
quainted with him in this city while
he was here last winter resting for
three or four months and waiting
for navigation on the Yukon to
open up.
There was something: of the ro
mantic about the establishment of
the bootblack stand by the young
woman. Miss Miller was a teacher
in her Eastern home and her phy
sician ordered that the not only find
some other employment but that
she make a char.ee in the place of
her residence. She did the latter
first and found the bootblack stand
the most likely employment she
could er.gage in. Her partner In the
stand v.-as Miss Benavides, an Eng
lish girl, who had just come from
the other sfde of the water. The
latter will continue the stand, for
:t has proved r.ot only a living-
Kaker but also a money-maker.
TERROR CAUSED
BY A BURGLAR'S
NIGHTLY VISITS
Mysterious Prowler Oper
ating in the Suburbs
of Stockton.
13 BELIEVED TO BE A NEGRO
Repeatedly Tries to Effect Entrance
to Dwellings Where There Are
None but Women to
Oppose Him.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
STOCKTON. Sept. 21.— A supposed bur
glar, whom the officers believe to be a
negro. Is terrorizing the women of the
Homested Addition. It is feared that
burglary is not his only object. Mrs.
Smith, a widow, who resides alone In the
rear of her store, reported that she had
frightened away a man who was trying
to force the door of her apartments. Since
then he has appeared at several places,
but always at houses where there were
no men. On Wednesday evening he was
discovered In the home of Mrs". V. A.
Peterson and Mrs. D. Pearson. The hus
bands of both ladies have been workin?
outside the city. That evening the two
wives were downtown, and on returning
to their dwellings they noticed that
the lock fastening the door leading
to the upper floor had been sprung.
Mrs. Peterson turned to fasten it.
when she difcovererl that some one wa*
holding the iloer from the other side. She
pulled th<» door open far enoucrh to see thi?
fellow. Both ladies screamed and ran
from the room for assistance. Constable
Grant responded, but by the time he ar
rived the intruder hnd made his escape.
Homestead women who have no ma!«
protectors in their homes at present are
much exercised over the peculiar attempts
at crime. A strange negro who has been
hanging around the neighborhood ha*
been suspected, but he is keeping out of
sight.
special uispatcn to ine can.
REDWOOD CITY. Sept. 21.— Joseph
Seaver. an old resident of Belmont, was
run over and killed by Engine No. 9 this
morning as he was going to his work.
For a number of years past Air. Seaver
has been the janitor of the public school
at Belmount. It was while going from
his home on the opposite side of the rail
road track to the school house thia morn-
Ing that he lost his life. So far as known
there were no eye witnesses to the acci
dent and the names of the trainmen had
not been learned, though the railroad offi
cials promise that they will be present at
the inquest to-morrow.
Joseph Seaver Struck and Killed
While Crossing the Southern
Pacific Track. *
TRAIN BUNS DOWN AGED
RESIDENT OF BEXMONT
MISCEGENATION AS
SOLUTION OF THE
RACE PROBLEM
special l^ispaicn iu ine < :\.i.
I,OS ANGELES. Sept. 21.— Bishop
John W. Hamilton, D. D.. who 19
now conducting the Methodist Con
ference in the First Methodist
Church in this city, is a friend of
the negro and after a long experi
ence in the educational work of the
church throughout the South gives
it as his opinion that the black man
is the equal in intelligence and pos
sibilities of his white brethren who
have had no more opportunities for
advancement than his own. Upon
being asked what the .solution, of
the race problem, according to his
judgment, will be, the Bishop
straightened himself up to his full
height, knitted hl3 brows thought
fully for a moment an-i then re
plied:
"There were 30,000 mulattoes born
In the United States in the past
year and fully one-sixth of the
colored race to-day has white blood
in its veins. From that you can
draw your own conclusions and I
believe for any one who considers
these facts there la little question
as to the ultimate solution of the
race problem."
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE. Sept. 21.— This city is to
have an up-to-date summer resort, anl
the mineral waters of the springs of Alum
Rock Park are to be advertised to the
world. This is made possible by an opin
ion rendered to-day by Judge Rhodes of
the Superior Court, atter a bitter contest
in which the various churches were ar
rayed against the City Council.
A few months ago Dr. S. f. Terry of
Inulana asked the Council for a lease ot
a nortlbn of. Alum Rocit ParK for the pur
pose of erecting a hotel there and estab
lishing a summer resort. The members cf
the churches objected to a lease being
granted, on the ground that liquor might
be sold there. They engaged Attorney
Henry French and Judge Slack of San
Francisco and enjoined the Council from
granting the lease. It was claimed the
park was dedicated to public use. and
therefore the city had no right to grant
special privileges. Judge Rhodes to-day
dissolved this injunction. The provision
in the city charter providing for the lease
of the park was sustained on the ground
that the Legislature had dedica'*- 1 »ht"
power to the city and that the rights of
George Harter, the petitioner, were not
being Infringed upon. Kx-City Attorney
W. A. Beasly and F. 11. Benson repre
sented the city.
As soon as the decision was rendered
the City Council was called together in
special session and a lease granted to Dr.
Terry, who gave a bond of $1000 to carry
out its provisions. This prompt action by
the city was necessary to prevent the op
position taking further action.
By the terms of the lease Dr. Terry Is
granted the use of one end a half acres
of the park for a term of twenty-live
years. He is to erect a £5,000 hotel, to be
under the restrictions of the Council.
The building of the hotel Is of great
Importance to this city, as the park has
many valuable mineral spring? and Is
destined to become a great summer resort.
Grant of a Lease Was Objected To by
Beligious Bodies, Which Op
posed Sale of Liquor in
the Park.
CITY COUNCIL WINS IN COURT
San Jose Soon Will Have
an Up-to-Date Sum
mer Resort.
FINE HOTEL TO
BE CONSTRUCTED
AT ALUM ROCK
Ag^d Alan Had Warned a Neighbor
That He Would Deal Out Death
to the Members of His
Family.
PLACERVILLE, Sept. 21.-0.Tie Superior
Court room was densely cror.ded during
to-day's proceedings in the trial of Isaiah
Zumwalt Tor the murder of his son. Cor
cuer Winchell, Dr. N. W. Mountain and
Dr. M. McLean all testified to haling vis
ited the scene of the tragedy at about 9
o'clock on the night of its occurrence,
and there seeing the body of George
Zumwalt in a sitting posture in a chair in
the sitting-room of his house, with a bul
iet wound through the nghi arm and
body. The body ol Julia Zurnw:ilt was in
the yard back of the house witn the top
cf the head blown on, and the body of the
infant child of George and Rose Zumwalt
was viewed at the house of Neighbor Sel
lick, where the mother of the child lay
suffering from a rifle wound through both
aims.
The greatest interest centered in the
testimony of Agnes Zumwalt. the 14-year
old daughter of the defendant. She left
home with her mother on the morning of
the tragedy and drove to the house of
George Zumwait, and thence, in company
with George's wife and child, to Placer
ville. They returned to George Zumwalt's
plate at about t» o'clock and went Into
the sitting-room, where they engaged in
conversation with George for nearly an
hour. The defendant in the meantime
paced the porch with his hand over his
heart and complained to -the boy who
delivered the milk that he suffered great
pain. Presently he entered his bedroom
and reappeared with a rifle. The women
all ran out of the house and as the wit
ness fl.'d toward a neighboring ranch she
heard three shots but saw nothing. The
witness admitted that George, just before
the shooting, said regarding his father:
"He is too big a coward to do anything.
There is no danger."
She denied that any conversation con
cerning th«j elder Zumwalt had elicited the
remark from her mother that "the old
fool has another . one of his tantrums;
look at his eyes."
John P. Selllck, living about 200 yards
south of the Zumwalt place, testified' that
the defendant was at his house about 3
o'clock on the afternoon of the tragedy,
and said:
"Some of these days I will do a whole
lot of shooting, and 1 advise you not to
interfere In my troubles."
After the shooting the old man again
came to the witness and said:
"Somebody had better go and take care
of those folks. There is one in the house
and one iri the yard."
SELF-DEFENSE HIS PLEA.
Murdsr of Frank Narvaez.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Thomas J. Winship on Trial for the
SAN JOSE, Sept. 21.— The trial of
Thomas J. Winship for the murder of
Frank CCarvaez began in Judge Lorlgan's
court to-day. A plea of self-defense !s
being set up. The murder occurred in the
Universal restaurant on May 3.
Tony Obllzalo was the first witness
called and hit- direct testimony and cross
examination by Attorney Herrington. for
the defendant, occupied the entire fore
noon. His evidence was practically the
fame as that given at the preliminary ex
amination. He was night clerk in the
restaurant at the time Frank Narvaez
was killed by Winship and his account of
the affair did not. in the minds of his
hearers, help Winship's plea that the klll
ir.g was in self-defense.
Oblizalo told how he had ordered the
men to keep quiet or leave the place.
Soon afterward he heard Winship call
Narva ez a vile name and the latter said
"You're a liar," making a movement to
rise. The men were at adjoining tables
and Winship at once arose and drew his
revolver, shootinp Xarvaez in the neck.
Xarvaez, the witness testified, was quite
drunk at the time and unsteady on his
feet. Winship placed his revolver against
A'arvaezs neck and twice the latter
shoved his arm aside. The third time
Narvaez stood practically helpless, while
Winship held him by one arm and fired.
Claim the Trial Was Unfair.
PHOENIX, Ariz., Sept. 21.-The case of
the Halderman brothers, sentenced to
hanp at Tombstone for the murder of
Constable Ainsworth and Ted Moore,
came up to-day before Governor Murphy.
Since President McKlnley granted a re
prieve to October 5 -friends of the con
demned men have been busy collecting
further affidavits tending to show that
the trial was unfair. Governor Murphy
will go. to Cochlse County and personally
examine members of the trial jury and
others who figured in the case.
Donlan Murder Trial Begins.
VISALIA, Sept. 21. -Frank R. Donlan
¦was placed on trial : .n the Superior Court
to-day charged with tne murder of his
wife on July IS last. 3he was working: on
the Kuhn fruit ranch. Donlan was jealous
of her and while intoxicated murdered
her.
THREATS PRECEDED THE TRAGEDY
Daughter ol tie Murderer
Gives Testimony at
Placerville.
MISS ZUMWALT
DESCRIBES HER
FATHER'S CRIME
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL., SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 22, 1900.
3
ADVERTISEMENTS.
DR. CROSSMAN'S
SPECIFIC MIXTURE
For the Cure oi Gonorrhoea. Cleat*,
Strictures mi analogous complaints
of the Or »ans of Generation.
Pric* U & bottle. For sal* by drugsliu.
Women are vastly more patient than
men. It is scarcely believable that a
woman, suffering past all telling, can
attend to business, and bend and stoop
with a back whose ache is agony. And
beyond all this she smiles as she bends
and stoops about her customer. A man
might swallow down an oath or keep
back a groan, but his face would be like
a thundercloud, and his voice scarcely
disguise his irritition.
For -women who suffer from backache,
bearing-down pains, or other pains due to
¦womanly diseases, there is no other med-
icine equal to Dr. Pierce's Favorite Pre-
scription. It regulates the womanly
functions, dries weakening drains, heals
inflammation and ulceration and cures
female weakness.
There is no alcohol in w Favorite Pre-
scription" and it is entirely free from
opium, cocaine and all other narcotics.
A vegetable preparation, it cannot dis-
agree with the weakest condition.
"I •wish to thank you for the good
your medi- >BjB>s cincs nave done mt,' 1
writes Mrs. *E*gt Mae Brown, of Canton.
Fukoa Co., jc£>53 His- "I was troubled
with vjf«3' female weakness and
doctor- jCsH&ZC *** w * t ' 1 several different
doc- M£$*'T*~£ik tors. They did not
seem to JK»JSf mK* help me; indeed. I got
worse jSlSy // )f al ! the time - J h »d «'"
ccr " J^xiSiLxJ ation and displacement
of fSr /Sjr\. , K the uterus, w hat I suf-
sflf / i3 ~\ «v suffered no
£iESf *^ < S > ~--^»dl!k. tonpue can tell.
\fj i I^Ss^&ta bearing-down
V , Mgj jg JfcSk pam*. and
> / ftir \ It III a '*°
( ,A £\7 1 + *^ had a
V // i f — f //I Te *? t>ad
V // I I -I / I l\ «&»>«.
I > / y if < m. but ** ter
taking? five bot- s \f j j
Ui* of 'Favor- \ rJ I
ite Prescription ; and >oi-^
three of ' Golden Medical Dis- \
covery, 1 I am feeling as well
as ever. It has been almost two years and I
have had no return of the trouble. My friends
tell me I don't look as though I ever was sick."
Dr. Pierce's Pleasant Pellets cure con-
stipation and its causes.The traps at Ingleside will be crowded
to-morrow, when the shooters line up for
the last live-bird affair of the season
Herbert Kullman has offered a handsome
silver loving cup for the winner. It will
be a. twenty-five bird handicap match
win be^ ontestants and ¦ thelr handIca P»
E. L. Schultz, 29 yards: If. O, Feudner
31; J.J Sweeney. 2S; H. A. Hoyt. 27- W
J. Golcher, 30; A. T. Derbv •*«• t» t
Walsh, 30; g/h. T. Jackson 2^'h Ji«*
Ffl^ £ H Ha1^' J A^Brunsf »;
Edward Donohoe, 28; C. C Xanman 5i'
H. E. Rose, 28; F W KlneTp T
}£«» ds ' 27: £* cr ** Feudner,' 29;' WH
;\\ UMameon, 80; W. E. Murdock, 29; P a!
McRae, 30; A. M.' Shields 28.
LAST LIVE BIRD SHOOT.
BIRDS MAKE RECORDS.
The California Pigeon and Homing So
ciety will hold the second race, southern
n^taVEn* 5 ' frOm Pln03 ' th « M0-
S.^a°r£s a^d^^Wo^h^a^iSoi,
fly from Tres Pinos last Sunday wfth^SS
results. The birds were .lib^rateif w
u ?• w«J?£ *y 10m2 y" ds Per mliSS
1829-arrlved at 10:W a. & VdodtyT&LM
yards per minute,. - ~~- :X™?! to
The swimming at Sutro Baths Sunday.
September 23, will be aa follows: 50-yard
dash, juveniles— R. Keelar, E. Dannlgan,
T. Fell, J. Hanna. F. Rundln, A. Martinez.
L. Greenan, h\ Banker, F. Paine, G. Ad
ler, J. Sanders,- R. .Herman, C. Freder
icks, H. Stelljes, P. Revert, J. Buckley,
T. Carter, J. Dixon, J. Erasmy.
Under-water swimming: contest, high
diving for boys and diving for plates-
Open to all.
100-yard race, amateurs— HT MItchel, P.
Logue.F. Ralston, P. Levin, O. Lowen
berg. J. Bradley, G. Irving, R. Riding, F.
Wolfe. AW Cook. J. Ryan. W. Hayes. W.
O"Bricn. C. Augustus.-E. Egan, O. Duke,
C. Kurran. < ' . ¦
and fancy springboard diving— A.
Reese, J. Klman. L. Scott. D. Hand. F.
Ritter, G. Wallace, J. Shelton," W. Me
Guire. J. Kelly, T. Carter, J. Gardiner. F.
Butterworth, O. Owens, H. Dodson, J. A.
Jackson. .
SWIMMING fiT SUTRO'S.
DOGS AND THEIR OWNERS.
The real interest taken in blue-blooded
canines, as attested by the purchase In
show Among the notable Kern does
entered at Tanforan ia Mrs. Howard Sefl
01 * and * l "til & difflcuUto
' Dr. Tenn Haworth of Oakland has
S"?^ out from Ohio a° wuW?f b«5K
K2. tiWiSf 6 y. erlly bred J " the Purple.
™'f« ne little hounds are very popular
™rV,? \£ at ' and n £ w that a start has been
m nl i L™ can b x. e ' no doubt that
will have a vogue here on the coast, :
A new athletic club was established dur
ing the week. It is called the Waller Ath
letic Club, and the following officers were
elected: M. B. Harris, president; E. B.
Freeze, vice president: T. J. O'Connor,
secretary; Dr. Herrington, treasurer; di
rectors, serving with the officers— Matt
Breen and Joseph Freeze. The clubhouse
will be on the corner of Waller and La
guna streets. Twenty-one members have
been enrolled , already. Doc Flynn and
Henry Lewis have been engaged as box-
Ing instructors. , •
The basket-ball league committee of the
San Francisco,. Mission Branch and Oak
land Young Men's Christian associations
held a meeting on Monday evening, the
J7th inst.. and decided to have- the open-
Ing game of this season's tournament
played on October 19. The season will
close about December 15, and six teams
will; probably play for the. handsome
trophy. They are the Rushers, a newly
organized team under the management of
D. J.-Hanrahan. and Missions of San
Francisco and the Athens. Spartans and
Rough Riders of Oakland. Entries will
close on October 1 and must be in the
hands of Secretary Herbert S. Morton by
that time. The schedule of games' will be
published about October 6. ¦*•*:
The ' Olympic Juniors have elected five
members to serve as a board of governors
during the ensuing year. They are P. K.
J? a $P''-wL' Keene . Scott Leary. H. Grav
and M. Duprey. These five officers will
act In conjunction with John . Hammer-
ATHLETIC CLUB NOTES.
beating F. Stephens, 5 up 4 to play. The
ladies' championship was won by Mrs. W.
T. Bishop, who defeated Mrs. E. D.
Silent, 6 up 5 to play.
. There is a golf links now In San Joaquin
County, where the people of Oakdalc,
Modesto and Ripon practice the royal
game. The course is on the banks of the
Stanislaus River, near the Bailey ferry,
and the club already has about fifty mem
bers.
The championship of the Redondo
Country Club was won recently by N. F.
Wllshire, who defeated R. D. Osburn, 6
up 4 to play, over thirty-six holes.
On the links of the Oakland^ Golf Club
this afternoon there will be a match be
tween two teams of Bix men, selected by
captains, who will choose alternately.
The game will be over eighteen holes,
match or medal play, as the captains may
decide. There will also be a tourna
ment on the links of the San Rafael Golf
Club.
Golf Is having quite a boom in San Jose,
where the ladies who are members of
the Linda Vista Gold Club are manifest
ing much interest In the game. The course
is a nine-hole one and the clubhouse is
situated on an elevation in the foothills,
about two miles from San Jose, along
the Alum Rock road.
-AV. J. Bradley makes weekly trips from
San Francisco to San Jose to instruct the
tyros of the latter town. Amor.ff the
ladies who already play a fair game are
Mrs. John Carroll. Miss Edna Bowman,
Miss Estella Lion and Miss Sweigert.
Among the men Guy Vachell. A C.
Kuhn. R. W. Hersey and M. Bond are
the most expert. The recent tourna
ment, over eighteen holes, medal play,
for men, was won by Guy Vachell with a
score of 102. The ladles' event was won
by Miss Minnie B. Houghton of the San
Francisco Golf Club with a score of 122.
The final round for the- men's champion
ship of the Los Angeles Country Club took
place between E. B. Tufts and J. E. Cook
over thirty-six holes, match play. On the
first eighteen holes E. B. Tufts was l J up.
ollJi J \ Cook won - 2 U E/ after ¦ a • close
and stubborn contest. F. H. Edwards
troo first place In the second division,
ROUNDING THE LINKS.
Last Saturday and Sunday the San
Francisco Yacht Club had 'on its pro
gramme an ocean cruise to Drakes Bay,
but none of the yachts attempted it. The
schooner Lurline and the yawl Tramon
tana. however, went out beyond the
Heads, the tide being favorable. To-day
the San Franciscos and Corinthians will
?I Ul8e m P Paradise Cove, where the lat
ter will gather on the beach to enjoy a
chowder supper. To-morrow there wl*
be . an open regatta for small yachts In
tv! 1 ? 11 W,^ wln bG Arthur Page's
Doris, J M. Mattoon's Doris II. the yawl
Kittlwake and .possibly Vice CommodoTi
A. u. Harrison s sloop Idler and the San
Francisco sloop Anita. The regatta com
rnittee, consisting of J. H . Hopps Dr E
S. Emmons and W. A. Stringer will lav
oura course to-morrow su tabie to the
conditions of the weather. There mav
races lmprom P tu row ing and swimnTlng
AMONG THE YACHTSMEN.
CARNIVAL OF
SPORTS WILL
BEAFEATURE
Athletes Will Compete
for Honors, Horses
The cup valued at WOO donated by
Henry J. Crocker will be given for
the fastest mile made in a special race to
be decided on Wednesday. Horses of
either gait can compete for this valuable
trophy.
All the buildings are completed and
ready for occupation by the many ex
hibitors. They have been erected so close
to the grand stand, and music hall that
no Inconvenience whatever will be found
by the visitor. Ample accommodations to
the grounds will be given by the railroad,
which will run special trains from Third
and Townser.d streets very frequently
from 10:40 a. m. In another column the
time table can be found. The big athletic
event of the show will be held on Satur
day. September 29, when the amateut
athletes of the State will compete for the
coast championships under the auspices
of the Pacific Athletic Association. The
Olympic Club, the two universities—Stan
ford and California— and the Academic
Athletic league, will be represented by
teams. The entries -so far are very large
and will be announced on Monday. For
the first time in many years the general
athletic/ competition is strong and a suc
cessful meet is anticipated.
who follow this branch of the turf. The
best collection of horses of both gaits
are entered in the different classes and
tnoso already on the ground pronounce
the track the best and safest in the State.
It is springy and easy on the horse, and
yet as hard as a track of this kind can be
made.
Nothing has come of the protest of the
South End intermediate barge crew
against the awarding of the race to the
Alamedas. The judges at the stakes re
ported that the South Ends did not round
the mark, and on that report the referee
gave his decision. Even according to the
statement of the South End men them
selves the barge rounded the buoy with
her bow only, but not with her full length,
as she should have done. A boat must
pass entirely around the mark on its far
ther Hide, though to foul it is no ground
for disqualification.
The protest that wa? suggested against
the new Alameda skiff has also fallen
flat. The boat, though much lighter than
the ordinary skiff, is only four pounds
lighter than a skifT owned by the Dol
phins, and was built in conformity to the
definitl-n laid down by the regatta com
mittee.
The Dennis barge crew has challenged
the South End juniors to a race to-mor
row, ihe Dennis crew to take the new
barge and allow the others half a minute
over a course of aimile and a half, or vice
versa.
The committee of the Ariel Rowing Club
appointed to look out for a site for a new
boathouse has reported favorably on a
location near the Arctic Oil Works. It is
hoped that tho club will get a site on the
wharf. A fund for building the new quar
ters has already been started and ia ex
pected to reach $2000. The Arlels wish,
while remaining in about the same part
of the bay, to get to some, little distance
from Islais Creek, which is muddy and at
times very high smelling.
The Boat Club of the University of Cali
fornia has been reorganized, the officers
being as follows: President, B. H. Cerf'
vice president, F. Baird; secretary. F. M
Foster; treasurer. J. K. Moffltt. The di
rectors are: Professor Walter : Magee
from the faculty: J. K. Moffltt. from the
Association of Alumni; J. L. Dibert, from
the Associated Colleges; B. H. Cerf, P. M
Foster, L. S. O'Toole and F. Baird, the
last three being undergraduates.
PROTESTS OF ROWERS DIE.
u g ide CoursIn g Association will
try the law's arm to force the Union
tourslng Park Association to live up to
tne unsigned agreement concerning alter
nate coursing. So far the Union Park As
sociation has been operating In open dis
regard for Ingleside. The courts will set
xio it.
Great cards are prepared for the cours
ing to-day and to-morrow. Unlike last
Saturday, there will be two stakes to-dav
one at San Mateo and the other at Union'
.The draw for the San Mateo coursinsr
Bhows a stake of eighty-eight do«r*. many
of. whom are tried performers. The scat
tering of new dogs throughout the stake
will keep the guessera busy. The coursin*
will begin upon the arrival of the 10-ll
a. m. train.
Cnion Park will have a stake of ninetv
slx entries, crack performers and other
wise. Altogether the stake should be of
exceptional interest and excitement.
Coursing men are now turning their at
tention 'to the John Grace challenge cui>
stake. Many held back from nominating
when the circulars announcing tho stake
were first issued. The $50 entrance fee
was thought too great tr> secure readv
nomination?. In this they were doomed
to disappointment. All nominators have
Rlready paid the second portion of the
fee and those who are looking for a
chance to place a dog in this great stake
will be forced to pay a premium to some
of the present nominators.
Saturday and Sunday
Coursing at Both
LEASHMEN HAVE
PICK OF TWO
STAKES.
FISHERMEN GET
BASS HUNTERS
BIG GAME.
Fine Prospect 0! Good
Quail and Buck
Shooting.
Devotee? of rod and gun are making the
be*t of the last few days of the autumn.
The shooters are bringing in deer, the
arplers bass of the black and striped va
riety.
Over on the rstuary the race for blick
ba^s still continues. Al Wilson tells a
Ftory of a fight with a bass which he says
• must have weighed between forty and
lifty pounds. At any rate, the monster
pot away with Z'Ji yards of stout line.
Wilson was working for the prize medal
of the San Francisco Stripc-d Bass Club,
now held by Andy Legaspie, whose cipht
t-f-n pounder has proved up to date the oig
gest catch of the season.
Steelheada arc affording sport on the
Eel River. A big party of well ' known
Tlshormcn. Including Bert YVyman. Dr.
Van Hoffmann. Messrs. Butler, Roos,
;»larx, Samrui, Swain and Lommer, Is
whipping the Kel with fair «=ucc?ss.
• John Gallagher. champion steelhead
lieher of Oakland, has sent a keg of iish
to his friends. He expects to pull three
more kegs out of the Eel before he cries
<iuits.
Ab a cod flfhfrman Mr. Roehr of the
Mif-sion has achieved renown. He wa?
out on Thursdny and landed 'a UVi-pound
codfiiih at the one-mile rc/ek.
D**-r are plentiful . in Marin County.
Messrs. Wailcico. Pacheco, K. Valencia
Jr. and M. Lopez secured three bucks
uack of lenacio last week.
Meesr*. Harvey and Berg of the Coun
try Club killed a buck apiece this week.
Th^y pay that they could easily have
brought in half a dozen.
William Kittle was out last Sunday for
pnipe at Point Reyes. His bag -numbered
twenty-three.
W. W. Stowft of Santa Maria. Frank
Smith of Oakland and William Kittle will
leave town this morning for a deer hunt
In Humboldt County. They will go as
far north as the Mad River, but will drink
none of its waters.
The hills in the neighboring coupties are
full of quail and other small game. When
the season opens this year great will be
the rush of huntsrs to the best places.
Every favorable condition Is apparent for
£ bufy season. According to State law
the reason cpens on October 1. but the
counties have provided special legislation
smith and George James, ex offldo presi
dent and secretary of the board.
The handball players of the Olympic
Club met Thursday night in the cfub
building and decided to hold an open
championship doubles, to begin November
1. Kenneth Melrose will donate a silver
cup as a trophy. Ail registered, bona-flde
amateur athletes are eligible.
Following this tournament will b« a
club doubles, a committee being empow
ered to pair off teams. There will be two
classes and players will enter as individ
uals.
To-morrow morning there will be a
hall-mile handicap race at the Olympic
Club grounds, a try-out for the amateur
who will enter the Pacific Coast cham
pionship games at Tanforan on Septem
ber 29.
on quail shooting, most of them fixing a
later initial date.
The duck season begins on October 1
also. Reports from the marshes bespeak
any quantity of ducks, but they are most
ly home-bred. A few days' shooting usu
ally drives them out, and the sportsmen
will then be forced to await the cold
weather, which drives the ducks from
the north to the warmer browsing grounds
in our marshes.
TANFORAN PARK will Inaugurate
on Monday the first annual fair of
the San Francisco and San Mateo
Agricultural Association. It will
be the first big event of this nature
that the people of this city have had in
many years, and as it comprises a horse
show, bench show, athletic games, pony
and harness racing, polo games, exhibi
tions of livestock, long-distance riding and
numerous other attractions, this inaug
ural fair should be a success.
The entries to the horse show are quite
large and comprise a number of the best
horses of every class in and around San
Francisco. The Judging of these will take
place during the first week of the fair,
and as the track proper and infield at
Tanforan are very suitable for such ex
hibitions this feature will be most inter
esting.
On the opening day three harness races
will be decided. These are given over to
the members of the Golden Gate Park
Driving Association and will be the best
two in three heats for $300 purees. The
entries are large enough to assure good
sport. ,
The committee on trotting exhibits -will
be composed of J. F. Boyd, J. C. Klrk
patrick and Major J. L. Rathbone. The
members of thfe horse show exhibits are
John Parrott, J. D. Grant and Edwin F.
Colossal Agricultural
Show Which Will
Last Thirteen
TANFORAN
IS TURNED
INTO A FAIR
Smith. The presiding judge at the har
ness racing will be M. F. Tarpey, and
Major J. L. Rathbone and Joseph Cairn
falmpson will act as associates. The
starting will be done by Edwin F. Smith.
. ihe entries to the livestock exhibits are
from the best breeders in the State and
S'pso'ne in Nevada and also Indiana,
Ihe Davis brothers come from the hoosier
State with some cattle and an extra fine
lot of »heep and swine. The Nevada
breeders are John Sparks and Joseph
Marzen, each with twenty head of prize
beef cattle. The Baden stock farm, the
Oakwood Park stock farm. J. P. Ashley,
Thomas Wai te, Frank H. Burke, the Mill
brae Dairy Company, W. H. Howard and
several others represent California In this
department. The committee on cattle is
composed of H. H. Taylor. W. H. How
ai £ £ nd Ge <>rge R. Sneath. The judge
will be Professor T. F. McConnell of the
State University of Wisconsin.
Charles R.. Harker of San Jose will
Judge the poultry, pigeons, pets, Belgian
nares, etc., and will have . considerable
work to do, as the entry list in the poul
try department is a very satisfactory one.
The several exhibits of hares come from
the best rabbitrles in the three counties.
The kennel department of the fair,
after considerable hard work on the part
of Superintendent Laldlaw, will have
about 150 dogs of every variety on the
benches. There arc a number of prize
winners among the lot and fanciers will
have an opportunity ot seeing some new
breeds which have been brought to this
country since the last bench show.
, Two days (Wednesday and Friday) have
been set apart for the pony racing given
by the gentlemen riders of the different
clubs around San Francisco. There will
be six races each day and this will in
clude jumping races.
On Tuesday, the 25th, the State polo
tournament will begin, and considerable
Interest is being taken in this event by
the crack players of the clubs around the
State. The game will be continued on
Thursday, when there will also be several
exhibitions of vaquero riding of untamed
horses. Some competent men are engaged
to do this specialty, which will be one or
the novelties of the show.
The twenty-five mile running race on
Friday will be another new thing in the
way of specialties not seen In California
in twenty years. Several women will
participate in this event. .
The narnesa racing during the second
week is anxiously awaited by the men
BRILLIANT CLOSE OF
CRICKET YEAR AT HAND
Young America Will Strive to Beat the Sons of Old England
at the British Game.
IN about a month the cricket season of
1900 will have ended, The- winner of
the association pennant will undoubt
edly be the Alameda Cricket Club,
with the Pacifies second and Califor
nias third. Four more matches remain on
the schedule, but it is likely that those in
which ¦ tho California Club is one of tho
contestants will not be played. The sea
son has been a very successful one. The
three clubs of city players have had an
interesting series of matches on the Ala
mefla grounds, and a delightful trip to
Lake County was recently enjoyed by an
eleven made up from the three teams.
The hospitality of the lovers of the Brit
ish game in Lake County is unbounded,
and on this occasion they surpassed them
selves. Of the three matches played dur
ing the trip the city visitors won two
losing the game against Bums Valley. In
addition to the clubs round San Francisco
and in Lake County there are also clubs
at Sacramento and Grass Valley and in
Placer County. The game, too, is played
not <«il.v by men <>f British or> colonial
birth but also by many young Americans.
The Lake County eleven is, in fact, made
up almost exclusively of native Ameri
cans, and young Rose, until he met with
a severe accident in a Lakeport sawmill,
was one of the hest bowlers in the State
?,, J-« llf orniai < The Banta Cruz/Country
Club has a cricket annex and two or three
very pleasant visits to the seaside town
have be^n enjoyed by the San Francisco
cricketers. It is not unlikely that a team
Of; Santa .Cruz players will come up to
this city before the season closes and will
try conclusions with the San Francisco
men on their own grounds.
Though the match <if the California
Cricket Club vs. tho Pacific Cricket Club,
scheduled for to-morrow, will not be
played, the day will- not be a blank one
for the local cricketers. Arrangements
have been made, for the match which waa
talked of some weeks ago between the
cricketers who learned the game in Great
Britain or her colonies and those young
Americans who have learned it In this
country. The match will be named YOHng
America vs. Old Kngland and should fur
nish a olosp contest. The representatives
of tho mother country will be the follow
ing: R. B. Hogue. H. C. Casidy, C. P.
Coles. J. Myers, A. W. Wilding. D. Jamie
son. H. Ward Jr.. J. H. Saunders. K. G.
Sloman. A; JD. Reynolds and J. Guild. The
Young America team will be made up of
the following: P. Croll (captain), V. See
beck: W. G. Fortmann. F. Stahl. H. Bird.
B. Bird. W. Rlchter. A. Willis, L. Schroe
der. G. Schroeder. J. Brown and B. Theo
bald. Both teams have considerable
strength in bowling and fielding, though
the batting is stronger among the repre
sentatives of Old England, including as it
does R. B. Hogue, J. Myers, C. P. Coles,
E. G. Sloman and A. D. Reynolds.
THE preparatory stage of the football season has begun and all three
teams- Keliance, California and Stanford— are earnestly working- to de
velop victorious" teams. The season will formally open next Saturday at
Palo Alto, when the Rellanco team fares the cardinal.
SepL Et— The first week's work on the gridiron Is re
dfiedly eneourairing for the California football men. A weeding out process has
V>een gtfng on with the result that two largo squads have been formed — one con
taining all the older raon with a sprinkling of the more promising freshmen
rrunlMate?, the second comprised of freshmen who have yet to make their mark.
The first eq.uad is divided among some of the older players, who are acting as
*!=Mstant? to Coach Kelly in carefully drilling the various candidates in the fine
point? nnd tricks of their positions. The work of the second sauad is undar
Frank Ellis and Is simpler end more elemental than that of the varsity.
The freshman candidates are attracting unusual attention. Perhaps never
lwfore In one entering class has there been so many big men. The prospects are
bright, cvrn at this early date, for a very strong "baby" team. Though the
weeding out process has only begun, some substantial material has been picked
already for the varsity squad. Stowe of Bclmont and Savage of Los Angeles ans
a pair of heavy tackles, capable of making a strong bid for varsity places. Duff,
a heavy-weight from Boone's. is active enough to warrant his making a very
good enter. Overall is being deflnitely"lrained for a position as guard, wherj he
is sorely reeded. Promising backs, especially punters of marked ability, are
uncommonly plentiful. No ends have teen passed upon yet, though there a<o
more candidates for this position than for any other.
PALO ALTO. Sept. 21.— The football men have settled well into their work
and are already in shape for hard practice. Especially is this true of the fresh
man candidates, who lined up Wednesday for ten minutes of brisk line smashing
and end running. The youngsters went Into the scrimmages with a dash and de
termination that promise future victories.
Coach Tost is well pleased with the material at band, which, though light,
wfll l'kely offset its lack of weight by speed. Another point in favor of this
year's aggregation is that It contains a larger percentage of experienced men.
Some of the candidates for backs are Grant Taylor and Clark of Holtt's, Wig
jrins of Syracuse, X. T.. De Witt of Tulare. Beebe of Porterville and several
others whos* records are unknown.
The varsity men are put through a brisk signal practice every evening, but
will do no heavy work till next week. Cooper and Caglieri -ire being tried at the
end positions. Raitt at Quarter, Seeley at right guard and Slaker at fullback.
Otherwise :a*t year's team Is intact. Hill, fullback on the '93 team, and Geiasler.
a prominent candidate for half, have returned to college and will try for half
biu-k positions. As both are strong punters their prospects are good. Slaker's
work smong the backs is eliciting the admiration of the grand stand experts.
CHASING THE PIGSKIN
ON THREE GRIDIRONS
THE champions and San Franclsccs have drawn half a game closer since
last week, and though It appears from the- percentage table that the
Sacr&raentos have a lead of ono jame, there Is a possibility of their be
ing tie. It all depends on the Justice of the protest entered by Captain Har
per of Stockton last Sunday, when Umpire O'Connell refused to allow a run
ner to score from third base on a balk. If the facts are as they have been stated In
hla written protest, which has been
filed with the secretary of the league, ~~ Q c . a
then the game should be thrown out. *» 2
The directors of the league are opposed § ? m% ? f ?
to all protests unless it can be shown : • .* € -
that If the rules had been properly con- CLUBS. : : : 5
strued the game might have ended In a . . • : : :
victory for the defeated team. Accord- : : : :
Ing to Harper's letter, the run which 1 — '. — . L_
O'Connell refused to allow through a Sacramento ............ ........... B » H .573
misinterpretation of the rules would |££.££f <f? co g g Jf i -J"
have tied the score. . ' Oaklani .".II!".I"~!nnr....r." M 33 88 i '.Ki
The standing of the clubs at pres- ¦ ¦ — -
ent is as follows:
The champions are coming to town this week to play the Oaklands. Both
teams have been strengthened. Sacramento has signed Midget Sheehan, who played
third the team last season, and who has been filling an engagement In the
East. He will play second for the remainder of the season. Stultz golnir to
right. Pitt has been released. The Oaklands will play young Kelley of Pu»blo
at third, providing he is in condition.
The usual Oakland hoodoo struck .Kel- B £g™j£". %$££.„ 8S«&.
ley as soon as he put on an Oakland Doyic". Pitcher _... Mo»k!maa
uniform. He had a thumb mashed Hanloii" First base.........Hutchinson
against the bat by a pitched ball which Fheehan £i'*2 ( \. *•*•— ArreUane.
he was trvintr to hunt Hn «nv« that Devereaux m Third base -Keliay
ne was trying to bunt. He says that Eagran ghort 8top Fnackj
he will play, notwithstanding the In- McLan&hlln Left field Bowman
Jury. Hughes ......Center field.. ........ .Dr»r.nar.
The teams will line up at 3 o'clock stultr ***** fleld Held
to-day as follows:
Much Interest Is displayed In the northern cotmtles over the gainea between
the teams of Marysville. Colusa and neighboring towns. Large crowds attend
these games and It is of the noisy, crackling sort. Richard Belcher Is president
of the league. Several of the players who made refutations on a local dia
mond are members of this league.
Mr. Belcher is considering the arrangement of & match at the end of the sea
son between the California League champion* and hla pennant winner*.
NECK AND NECK RACE
FOR LEAD IN BASEBALL
AGRICULTURAL
PAIR
AT TANFORAN.
CRICKET TAKE5
'i HOLD ON
AMERICAN YOUTH.
SPORT REALM
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 22. 1900.
BASEBALL
FOOTBALL
COURSING
4Those patrolmen who have been rele
gated to the sand hill districts are not
bothering much about the new rules, as
Jimmie is not likely to journey along their
b £ at ?;J h ? l ! gh u has be€n whispered that
the Ch ef is going to drive stakes along
those districts to have his men live up
to his recent order compelling his police
men to walk along the curb in patrolling
their beats.
flee,, but the south of Market sergeant
explained matters by saying that Mooney
was only nursing his wrath while waiting
for his chiropodist.
In his office will get rattled thinking that
he'll get broke if he makes a wrong move.
Then, too, after putting In extra time
polishing up our stars we have to cover
'em with our bonnets so they won't shine
in the Mayor's eyes."
Quite a number of people having busi
ness at the Southern station watched
Lieutenant Mooney walking up and down
the corridor yesterday and remarked to
Michael Joseph Conboy that he was get
ting In early practice on the side step In
anticipation of a visit to the Mayor's of-
STRONG and vigorous were the
kicks registered by the members
of the Police Department after a
perusal of the clause in the "New
Manual," which orders the "bulls"
to bend low to their superiors. As one of
the men expressed himself yesterday:
"It wasn't to give us exercise to reduce
the weight that Sullivan had us do gym
nastics down In the cellar, it was only
to have us cultivate the salaam we must
hand out to his bO63 'Jimmy.' Say, but
the first mug that has to spiel to Jimmie
WARREN. THE CALL'S CARTOOXIST, ILLUSTRATES THE PRACTICAL "WORKINGS OF THE RULES CON
TAINED IN THE NEW POLICE MANUAL COMPILED BY CHIEF SULLIVAN FOR THE BETTERMENT OF
THE BLUECOATS, ESPECIALLY IN THE MATTER OF ETIQUETTE.
BOSTON, Sept 21.— Boston and Philadelphia
divided honors to-day. In the first game Dunn
was easy for the Boston batters, while one
clean and three scratch singles were air Phila
delphia could get off Dlneen. The second game
was a slugging match, in which Philadelphia
proved the victor. Lajole bore off the palm
Clubs— R. H. E
New York 4 8 3
Brooklyn 8 8 2
Batteries — Mercer and Bowerman; McGianlty
and Farrell. Umpire— Snyder.
BROOKLYN. Sept. 2L— Another exhibition of
rowdyism closed to-day's game. Brooklyn had
one run to get to tie, one man out and two
men on bases, when McGlnnlty hit to Davia
and a double play resulted. The decision at
first was close and the Brooklyn players made
a kick, Kelly throwing his glove at Snyder
and McGlnnlty pushing him around. The olfl
cial was escorted from the grounds by the po
lice, amid the hooting of the crowd who
surced upon the field. In the eighth inning
Hawley also attacked the umpire on a decision
at third and was ordered out of the grounds
Attendance. 1500. Score:
Clubs— XT. L.. Pet. Clubs— "W. 1*. Pet
Brooklyn ....73 48 .607 Chicago 57 67 .460
Pittsburg ...72 51 .583 St. Louis 64 67 .446
Philadelphia 65 57 .533j Cincinnati ..54 68 .443
Boston 61 60 .504 New York... 52 70 .426
CORRECT STANDING OF THE CLUBS.
Umpire Snyder Attacked by McGin
nity and Kelly.
ROWDYISM AT BROOKLYN.
The annual meeting of the Golden Gate
Fair Association opens to-day at Oakland
track, the home of the California Jockey
Club. The management has spared no
expense and the card would do credit to
one of the big meetings. The price of
admission has been placed at the low rate
of 50 cents, and Messrs. Caesar Young and
"Bill" Langford, who have the betting
privilege, promise to lay only market
prices, so there will be no "kick"' on that
score. J. W. Brooks, with a world of
experience, will preside In the stand, while
Bob Milroy will till his old position as
secretary.
Boats connecting with special trains
will leave the foot of Market street as
follows: 12, 12:30, 1. 1:30 and 2 p. m.
The entries, which include the great 2:13
pace, are as follows:
First race— 2:13 pace; three In five: purse,
$300.
Kattatat IZaloch
Hermia IJulia Shake
Second race — Five furlongs; two-year-olds;
celllnc
1241 George Dewey..lC5| .... Helulm 10S
1198 Parsiral 110| 1130 MMge Simpson.100
I24o Dunfree ..110 The Fiddler 105
121'J Lucera 100 i 1216 Bavassa 110
Third race— Six furlonss; three- year-olds and
upward; celling.
1244 Hiram Johnson 94 1240 Casdale 104
1227 Pilot 99 1140 Campus 10S
1228 Meadow Lark. .105 1213 St. Anthony.... 99
1171 Clarando 107 1190 Good Hope ....1C9
1244 Trevathan 91 1227 Jack McCabe...lOO
.... Lady Betty 105!
Fourth race — One mile; three year-olds and
upward; scllins.
1237 None Such ....U2t 923 Towser i'i
1217 KIckumbob .... 92 (1243)Merry Boy ....112
1237 Grady 105 \ Evlrato 107
Oscuro 105 (1231)Alturas 107
1145 Stromo 112 Gllberto 102
123S Jennie Reid. .. .112 124$ Edgardo 102
1195 ilemestake ....10iJ
Fifth race — Golden Gate handican. seven fur
longs; three-year-olds and upward; purse.
1233 Pomplno 100 1012 St. Cuthbert 100
(123S)Formero 112 1238 El Mldo 105
1212 True Blue 112 (mS)Torslna UO
1240 Snips 95 1201 Storm King 100
Sixth race — Sir furlones; three'year-olds and
upward; selling.
1204 Romany 1071 1192 Novla 1U
1192 Brown Prince. .105| GCS Panamlnt 110
1235 Flush of Gold.. 36 1192 Mike Rice 107
(12M)Soclallst 103i list Croker 105
1226 Mocorito llli 1205 Gu&to 102
On his Sacramento showing Zaloch looks
the best of the pacers and Bavassa ap
parently holds the two-year-olds safe.
Casdale should about land the third num
ber from Trevathan, and Merry Boy and
Edcrardo look the best of those in the
mile. Torsina. Formero and El Mldo
should fight It out in the Golden Gate
handicap, with Snips a dangerous out
sider. Mocorito and Flush of Gold will
be hard to catch in the closing sketch.
GREAT LIST OF ENTRIES
AT OAKLAND TO-DAT
Five Superb Fields of Hunners — Bich
2:13 Pace Down for
Decision.
Chairman Mark read an article setting
forth the views of the board on the im
portance of physical culture.
The Board of Education also decided to
establish an additional class in the Spring
Valley School to relieve the congestion
In that school and the Sherman Primary.
Dr. Magnus is 45 years of age and a
graduate of ths Seminary of Physical Cul
ture of Milwaukee and of the Jefferson
Medical College. of Philadelphia. He was
at one time a teacher of physical culture
in San Jose.
After a conference between the Mayor,
the educational committee of the Board of
Supervisors and the Board of Education
yesterday the latter body decided to ap
point Dr. Max Magnus to be director of
physical culture in the School Department
at a salary of $3000 per year. Dr. Mag
nus is a prominent German citizen and
has been active in the efforts of the Ger
man societies of this city to have the
study of physical training restored to the
school curriculum from which It had been
displaced by the board. He has also been
an earnest worker In behalf of the three
deposed teachers. He will immediately
set about this branch of work on a sound
basis and will have the selection of at
least ten assistants.
Board of Education. Becides to Estab
lish Immediately an Additional
Class in the Spring Val
iiii_- , ley School.
Dr. Max Magnus Will Direct
the Study in the School
'Department.
SUPERVISOR OF
THE PHYSICAL
COURSE CHOSEN
"WASHINGTON. Sept. ZL— Postmasters
commissioned: California— Luther Rede
meyer, Cahto. Appointed: Oregon-^Jen
nie May Pope, Elkhorn, Marlon County,
vice Joseph P. Case, resigned.
Pacific Coast pensions, have been grant
ed as follows: j
¦ California: Increase — James M. Wilson,
Soldiers' Home, Los Angeles. $12.
Oregon: Increase— Michael Flynn, Rose
burg, $10.
Interests the Coast
SALEM, Or., Sept. 21.— Summary of to
day's races:
Padne. 2:25 class— Al Me won. Dewey Ann
second. Prince Tom third. Time. 2:19%.
Running, three-quarters of a mile — Jim Boze
man won. Aborigine second. Bernato third.
RunmnV. five furlongs, two-year-olds— Grade
W won Selma second. Leoia third. Time. l:05Vi-
Running, five and a half furlongs— Mareiyw
won. Almendral second. Give To Me third.
Time, 1:11. ..
Results of Salem. Haces.
LONDON. Sept. 21.— "Danny" Maher.
the latest arrived American jockey in this
country, rode at the first d^y's races of
the Manchester September meeting to-day
for the first time since his arrival and
won the two-year-old selling plate with
Pauite and the Friday plate with the
Savoyarde filly, both owned by R. Mc-
Creery The race for the Autumn Breed
ers' .. Foal plate of 1000 sovereigns for two
vear-olds. five furlongs, was won by Lord
Melton, on which J. H. (Skeets) Martin,
another American Jockey, had the mount.
Maher Pilots a Winner.
PITTSBURG, Sept. 21.— The home team again
defeated St. Louis rather easily. Young being
hit f; ely. The feature of the game was a
great throw from right field by Wagner, catch
ing Heldrlck at the plate. Attendance. 3600.
Score:
Clubs- 7 is i
pittsbun? i {; i
St. Louis. • * *
Batteries— Phllllppi and O'Connor; Toung and
Robinson. Umpire-O'Day.
CINCINNATI. Sept. 21.— Chicago could not
hit Hahn to-day. Garvln had a bad inning.
Hartsell and Gelr. new men, made a good lm
nresslon. Kick Tounc saw his first game of
thl season here to-day. Attendance. 300. Score:
Hubs- **. H. E.
Cincinnati « ' J
<^ a f e ° rl ; B i:Hahn''"and"KahoeV"Garvln and
Kline. Umpire — Emslle.
with two home runs and a triple. Attendance.
2C0O. Score, first same:
Clubs- *- «- E j
Boston " " i
and
Douglass. Umpire — Hurst.
Second game:
Clubs- R- «• E i
Boston ~ * " f
McFarland- Umpire— Hurst.
STOCKTON*. Sept. 21.— All Stockton and
e. good part of the county adjourned to
•the racetrack to-day. At noon business in
the store district was suspended and few
er places wore open et 1 o'clock than on
regular holidays. The turnout was grati
fying to th«» fair managers, and as every
one felt it incumbent upon himself to bet
a little the bookmakers retrieved their
looses of th<? day before on Sea Spray
The best procranm* of the week "had
been provl<3«3 in the 2:12 pacing and 2-11
trot. Hazel Kinney did not disappoint
her backers and her victory was particu
larly well reef ived by the non-professional
clement. Some money went glimmering
»n Claudius aftfr his promising show In
\ie first heat. The 2:12 pace gave about
t*A even break between the amateurs and
the bookies. To-morrow's programme will
be a long one. Summary:
Pacing: 2:11 cla^s; JCOO:
I>!rhi (C. Whltehe&d) J I 1 1 1
Floracita <G. Ju<id) 1 1 3 J 8
Edr.a <F. Trair.or) I 2 8 J J
HT Direct <E- Parker) 6 4 dr
John A. CI. M. N^lFon) 4 S dr
Time— 2:13, 2:13H. 1:18, irlS^i, 2:17.
Trottir.gr: 2:11 claw; stake J700:
Hazel Kinney (P. W. Hodges) .... * 1 1 1 1
I_>ollie r>:llon Saundere) 2 1 J J J
Claudius <T. \V. Barstow) 1 » 1 a I
Miss Jessie <C. A. Durfee) dr
Tine-J:13V4. 2:11*. 2:13%, 2:14. 2:li.
Running; four furlong*:
Hoyal Fan (Elocum) 1
Galena (Feary) 2
Ft_ Aj>ollinaris (Frawley) j
Time— :<J.
I3uck Thorn. El EFtro. Dill Ycrangr. Grey Bob,
Clashrna. Slippery Elm and Ernest also ran.
FIree threw rider. Beau Monde felL
Jiunnlcy: six ?urlonffs:
Linlw Jim <WalI) -.. 1
Nomadic (Keily) - 2
fan Augustine (TVebb) -.. 8
Time— 1:15.
Twinkle Twlnk. Itomulus. I«abeUe. El Arte.
Yule and Fine Shot also ran.
INTEBIOB. TOWNS SWELTERING.
Hot Wave Plays No Favorites Along
the Coast.
Eivclal Dlrpateh to The Call.
SANTA CRUZ, Sejrt. 21.— The heat for
the past few days has been Intense. At
10 o'clock lapt night the thermometer
registered 70 degrees and at 7 o'clock this
morning it was the Bame. The mercury
arose to 'si. at noon.
SANTA l:OSA. Sept. 21.— A hot wave
vSKlted this sc-cjJon and made things very
uricomfortable for a while to-day,
the thermometer registering as high as
Vh in the shade at 2 oVlock this afternoon.
A heavy north wind was blowing. It is
not thought much damage will result.
Ktult dryers rather like the change from
the cloudy weather of last week.
PACIFIC GROVE, Sept. 21.— One of the
hottest days ever known in this locality
was experienced to-day, the mercury
reaching Vi degrees at noon.
EEIRA, Portufueee Ea« Africa, Sept. 21.—
Suisf-rt. the German-American, who murdered
r. E. McMaster. the British Consul, here In July
la^t, has been eentenced to twenty-two years' I
lejiorta-Uon to the West Coast or Africa. j
X>arg« Attendance at the Track and
Betting Grows Lively.
CHICAGO, Sept. 2L— Favorites fared
badly at Hawthorne this afternoon and
outsiders captured the purses easily in
the first four races. It was bookmakers'
aay In every sense of the word. Kohn
Wreath and Lennep w«?re the first to fall.
Then Golden Scepter failed to get any
part of the money in the third race.
Weather clear: track heavy. Results:
Five and a half furlongs — Hurry won, Kohn
Wreath second. Audio third. Time, 1:12*4.
Six fuMongs — Sir Christopher won, Lennep
second, Jrni Gore II third. Time, 1:1834.
•Wile and seventy yards— Hood's Brigade won.
Larkspur second, Frellnghuysen third. Time,
1:51%.
¦Six tUTlonga — Kazan won, Handy Man «eccn£.
Favorites Fare Badly.
Seven furlongs, selling— CJIen Lake won, Satin
Coat second, Eleie Barnes third. Time, l:i0\i.
Five and a half furlongs, two-year-olds, sell
ing—Adelante won, Athara second. Small Jack
third. Time, l:10}». .
Mile and seventy yards, selling — W. B. Gates
won, Rollins second. Colonel Gay third. Time,
1:<9.
Four and a half furlong?, two-year-olds,
r-urse — Vropeiler won. Kenova second, .fire
Play third. Time. :B6.
Six furlong*, selling— Four Leaf C won. El
Ghor second. MIfs Lynah third. Time, 1:IG>4,
Mile and seventy yards, selling— Amelia
Strathmore won, Inuendo second, Plnar del
Klo third. Time, 1:4SH-
ST. LOUIS, Sept. 2L— Outsiders had an
Inning to-day a.t Klnloch Park, four of
them winning. Amelia Strathmore was
the only winning favorite. The feature
of the day was the terrific finish in the
fifth event between Adelante and Athara.
two outsiders, and Small Jack, the heavily
played favorite. The iatter led the field
to the last furlong pole, where Adelanta
and Athara got on even terms with him
and in a whipping finish passfed the. post
noses apart, Adelante getting the decision.
The Judges placed Athara second and
Small Jack third. Attendance large;
weather fine; track slow. Summary:
Tour Outsiders Win.
NEW YORK, Sept. 2L— A big crowd at
tended the extra day's racing at Graves
end. There was a good card and the re
ceipts were for the Galveston sufferers.
Everybody seemed anxious to help and a
large amount was realized. James R.
Keene donated the purse won hy his colt
Unmasked in the Sympathy handicap.
Some of the Jockeys subscribed their rid
ing fees, the band, the bookmakers and
the track employes all gave their mite
and then the public turned out also In
uoodly numbers. The racing was spirited
and the weather and track conditions fa
vorable. Well-backed horses secured the
money in every race, although only two
nominal favorites won. These were Un
masked and Greenock. Results:
Hurdle handicap,* one mile and three-quarters
—Three Bars won, Mazo second, Monroe Doc
trine third. Time. 3:15*4.
Sympathy handicap, about six furlongs—Ln
tnafeked wop. Motley second, Sllverdale third.
Time, 1:10 1-5.
One mile and seventy yards selling—Cam
brian won. Dolando second. Sparrow WlDg
third. Time. 1:45. _"- - \. ¦¦ .
About six furlonrs— Lady Schorr won. La
ValUere 6econd, Doctor Barlow third. Time,
One mile and seventy yards, selling— Greenock
won. Carbuncle second, Peaceful third. Time,
About six furlonea. Bellini— The Regent won.
The Golden Prince second. Queen Carnival
third. Time. 1:11 4-6.
BUFFALO. N. Y., Sept 21.— There was
no rain but a very sticky track at Fort
Erie this afternoon. Ladry rode three
winners. Results:
Six furlongs, «lling— Royal Salute won,
Tyrba eecond. Salvado third. Time. 1:23.
Five furlonss. eelllng-Bplash won. Donna
Seay second, Bramblebush third. Time, 1:03.
Selling, six furlonca— Nancy Till won, VVil
eon Becond. Queen Louise third. Time, 1:22U.
Five furlongs— Benckart won, Ben Mac Dhul
second. Tteyar third. Time. 1:0?.
Bix and a half furlongs— Lucy Leach won.
Night Bell Becond. Yam third. Time, 1:30.
Four «j5d a half furlongs — Xerxes won. Claude
Walton second. Little Joe third. Time, 1:01.
Track Opened for Benefit
of the Sufferers From
the Flood.
GALVESTON DAY
AT GRAVESEND
The Weather Bureau eavs that yester
day was th» hottest day of this year. On
.V.irust 1 the thermometer registered 82.
T.hich was tht nearest approach to the
present *p«>!l. On the ?th of October last
year Old Sol raised the limit to 94 and it
rai e*> hot that the players in the worldly
r?me were willing to pass in their chips.
There is some comfort in the thought
that the feverish climatic condition will
pive way to th«> coollnjr breezes that are
n?ual in this city. It may be cooler to
day.
.And vet ft w?js on'y 85.. Despite the
Tv!sencres who had private barometers
vrA theories the fiamrps given out by the
Weather Bureau must be taken as cor
rect. According to the men who study
the weather In all its varying changes the
hot wave Is due to "an area of high pres
sure over Oregrm and 'Washington and a
comparatively low pressure in Arizona."
According to the weather prophet it is
nothing but a California "norther." and
If any one tries to impress on your mind
that the hot spell Is due to the warm
•winds that ar<» blowing from the direc
tion of the Orient, which only foretell
nf the hot times In that territory, tell him
he ig laboring upder a delusion, or. bet
ter ptlll, tell him to come out of his
trp.nce.
The sterner sex lacked the necessary
covrp.^e to come out of doors with their
highly colored and many frilled shirts or
"?h!rt waists." as they are termed. They
were extremely warm In the upper part
of their body. but suffered from cold lower
extremities. These weie the only cool fea
tures of the day. Had Samuel'M. Short
rUfre been in town it is probable he would
have Instilled courage in coming out In
his pauzy shirt. A leader was needed
yppterday. hut nowhere could he be found.
Mayor Phelan wanted to wear gome of the
liEbt and airy creations he brought with
him from Paris: Stephen Costello had a
poUcadot affair that was lost to admiring
eyes beneath a high-cut waistcoat; Gar
ret McEnerney might have worn his. but
unfortunately the only one he possessed
was being graced with new armshlelds:
J. C. Kirkpatrick saw the opportunity of
¦cvesring his fancy shirr waist go by with
t'.irhs of regret: Joe Tobln was afraid of
inking cold with h!s low-cut vest, and
Kd Grernway longin<ly gazed out of his
flub window for ths brave man who
would establish a precedent In the wear
ip;r of this comfortable summer garment.
The shirt -wal?t man did not put in his
appearance, although the fair Bex await
ed his coining on the line with the usual
femir.ir.e curiosity. He could be found
indoors, coatless and collarless, and his
decolpttc costume was neither admired
nor approved. But what care they? They
were locking for comfort and they were
po'.rg to have it even though they sacri
fjrod their personal appearance.
Colonel Kowalsky, ex-IMstrlet Attorney
"Billy" Barnes. "Fatty" Blodea, ex-Sher
iff Henry Martin and other well-known
citizens who are slightly overweight,
Bought the restful shades of their rooms
er.d refused to stand before the sun and
refused to be sacrificed on the altar of
perspiration.
The baths, both private and public, were
crowded throughout the day. Men and
women lolled In the cooling depths, get
ting all the comfort possible in them. The
Funny Fide of the street was avoided as
If It had been stricken with disease. The
men would not cross the street unless
for the purpose of getting on the other
Fide and also for a cooling beverage. The
ocean beach was lined with people who
broiled In the hot sun that beat down on
the beach for the privilege of inhaling the
ccfan zephyrs •which Idly floated over
their heads. Streetcars were crowded with
fatigued and perspiring people who found
TvaJking too enervating.
Ths fair sex could not restrain their
passion for bargains and left their homes
in search of marked-down articles, at
tired In costumes that were as comfort
able as they were refreshing to look upon.
Soda water fountains thrived and ice
cream melted away beneath the feverish
onslaught of the great army of pretty
frirls as enow does before the hot rays
of the Run.
It was hot yesterday. If you don't be
lieve it consult your neighbor or your own
feelings. Some men were hot under the
cellar but did not wreak their spleen by
the use of their fists or by stormy ac
claim. They sought the cooling shade of
an awning and the long glass that
cheered. They toasted and roasted the
heat in brimming beakers of "nut brown
ale," known In these precincts as steam,
er.d then went out ana braved old Sol's
B-r.ger and wilted beneath his reproachful
gaze.
Old Sol Plays a Hot Engagement in
This City and Every One Is
Driven to Cooling
Brinks.
Chappies Feared to Venture
on the Street in East
ern Style.
NOT ONE OF THE
MEN WOULD DON
A SHIRT WAIST
GLAEGCm, Bept. 21.— There was another
death from bubonic plague and an additional
case of the disease reported here to-day.
DENVER, Sept. 21.— Jimmy Reilly of
San Francisco and Young Corbett of,Den
ver fought ten rounds to a draw to-night
before , the Colorado Athletic Association.
Fought a Draw.
Considine. Corbett's manager, who was
present at the interview, opposes Corbett's
return to New York, saying the pugilist's
wife's accusations are so unjust as to
merit a separation; but Corbett said* *
"I am going back to face the situation "
The pugilist denies selling his business
to Considlne's brother. Corbett will sail
for New York next week, but Considine
will remain here. -
"I received some American papers on
Wednesday containing alleged reasons for
my sailing for Europe and interviews with
my wife as to my reasons for leaving
She has been imposed upon by intimate
acquaintances I supposed to be mv best
friends. These persons will have to an
swer to me personally. Though my wife's
statements about the McCoy fight are
ridiculous, I am confident she made them
under a false Impression. It would be
madness for any one to think that if I
would try to throw the McCoy fight I
would make such an arrangement in the
presence of my wife or any other outside
party. , Things of that kind If done are
not done In the presence of third parties'
"The woman story has been denied over
and over again by everybody who has
seen me in London. They know it to be
untrue." --JSamammmm
NEW YORK, Sept. 21.— Norman Selby
(Kid McCoy) and his wife have agreed to
discontinue the action brought by him
and the counter charge preferred by her,
in which each asked for divorce, but
this does not Indicate that they have been
or expect to become reconciled. An inti
mate friend of Mrs. Selby says to-day
that she will shortly bring another action
against her husband for an absolute di
vorce, A. M. Hummell, counsel for Mrs.
Selby, made a motion in her behalf to
day before Judge Bischoff of the Supreme
Court for alimony and counsel fees and
Charles L. Hoffman, representing the
pugilist, was expected to argue the mo
tion to vacate the order upon which Selby
was arrested recently at the instigation
of his wife. Mr. Hummell said that an
agreement had been reached whereby the
order of arrest was to be vacated and
both suits for divorce discontinued and
the suits were dismissed from the cal
endar. Later in the day Justice Scott
signed orders for discontinuance
The charges made by Mrs. Seiby that
the Corbett-McCoy fight at Madison
Square Garden was a fraud are not with
drawn in any additional allldavit by her
Mr. Hoffman, however, said hp had a.ri
affidavit from Harry Hynds of Cheyenn^
Wyo., denying that he had received a
telegram from McCoy prior to the fight
and also one from "Eddie" Burke, a
bookmaker denyinor the statements made
by Mrs. Selby that he was a Dartlclnant
in the preliminary arrangements
CHEYENNE, Wyo., Sept. 21 -Harrv
Hynds, the well-known sporting man and
liquor dealer, made an affidavit that thp
statements of Mrs. Norman Selbv wif» nf
Kid McCoy, who charges that*
helped arrange the alleged fake fight be
tween McCoy and Corbett. are false Ho
says he knew nothing about the light un
til the night of the contest, when he re
ceived a telegram from Mrsl McCov stat
ing that her husband wai Tin^ fine form
and would win in ten rounds. He dpnlpq
that he received any railroad bonds or
money from any one and says the onlv
money, he placed on the fight w£? locai
bets and these were on McCoy The af
fldavlt and other papers have been %#»n"t
to New York and will be used in the di
hSsbtnd a3e ° f MrS - McC °y against her
LONDON, Sept. 21.— James J Corbett
the pugilist, wifl return to New York by
the first available steamer to effect a rn
conciliation with his wife. Corbett slfd
£> re a a representative of the Associated
Special Dispatch to Th« Call.
Corbett Also Says He Will
Try. to Make Peace
With His Wife.
MCCOY DIVORCE
SUIT WITHDRAWN
Chief Sullivan received a letter yester
day from Charles Wolfe Jr., Galveston,
asking him to notify Mrs. Friedlander,
his aunt, that his father, Charles Wolfe,
was one of the victims of the Galveston
horror. Her sister Is Mrs. Abbott. He did
not know her address In this city. The
Chief has made every inquiry, but has
been unable to locate Mrs. Friedlander.
One of the Galveston Victims.
IXDIANAPOLJS, Jnd., Sept. 21.—Search
light easily defeated Anaconda to-day in
the special match race at the State Fair
grounds before 20,000 people. In the first
heat Anaconda broke forty- yards from
the wire and finished four lengths behind
He broke badly in the second heat and
was distanced, Searchlight coming under
the wire in a jog. Time. 2:12,: 2:14.
Anaconda Distanced.
2:05 pace. Merchants' stake, J1000— ¦William
Mac won three straight heats In 2:11U, 2:07%,
2:06%. Edith W, Harry O and Giles Noyes also
started.
2:20 pace, purse $800 (unfinished) — Sophia won
the second and third heats In 2:10%, 2:11%.
Theresa "Wllkes won the first heat In 2:13*4. ¦
Jay B. Lady Alright. Dandy, Slumber Willow
and Jean C also started.
2:14 trot. Randall Hotel purse, J100O— Prince
of India won eecond, third and fourth heats in
2:13H. 2:13%. 2:14. Red June won first heat
In 2:14V4- Iris O, Lasso, Lltha, Sag: B, Stella
and Bertha. Lee aleo started.
FORT WAYNE, Ind., Sept. 21.— A pood
crowd, fine weather and fair time char
acterized the racing to-day. J T won the
2:19 trot, carried over from Thursday, but
in the last heat he was just a neck ahead
of Loveran. Prince of: India took the 2:14
trot. Sag B, the favorite, was behind
the money. The fastest time of the week
was made in the 2:05 pace, which William
Mc took In straight heats, the last In
2:06%. Summary:
2:19 trot (unfinished from Thursday), purse
$800— J T won three straight heats In 2:15V4,
2:17%, 2:16%. Orphan Girl. Laveran, Free 811
•ver. Ebba O, Wheaton Boy, Electrooolse, Red
Arthur. Red Medium and Whltewood also
started.
Prince of India Wins.
2:12 class pacing, purse $800— Fred M won the
third, fourth and fifth heats In 2:12%, 2:13.
2:131i. G W D won the second-heat In 2:10H.
Gypsey Red won the first heat In 2:12%. Kego,
Irene and Minnie O also started.
2:14 class, trotting, purse $800 — Archie W won
the first, third and fourth heats In 2:MV4. 2:13%,
2:14ft. Senator K won the second heat In 2:14U-
Chestnut King and Mr. Middleway also started.
2:23 class trotting, Durse $800 — Molo won the
second, third and fourth heats In 2:17, 2:16%.
2:18. Mabel G won the first heat in 2:17Vi. Red
Cllffe, Chicago Prince, Myka, Annie Trevylen
and Sallle Spencer also started.
2:23 class pacing, purse |S0O— Hal Stalking
won three straight heats in 2:16%, 2:24, 2:19.
Jean Cuyler, Mamie Brown and P. B. Conn
also started.
COLUMBUS, Ohio, Sept. 21.-The fall
meeting of the Columbus Driving Park
Association closed to-day. Weather was
fair and warm, but track was slow as a
result of yesterday's rain. The favorites
won In all races except the 2:14 trot.
Chestnut King was picked to win this
race, but first money was taken by Archie
W, a gelding that had hardly been con
sidered in the betting. Annie Trevylen,
who started in the 2:14 trot, went lame
and was distanced in the first heat- Sum
mary:
Association Meet.
Closing 3>ay of the Columbus Driving
LUCKY DAY FOR TALENT.
Six and a half furlongs, selling—Douster
swlvel won, Olive Order second, George Lebar
third. Time, 1:28.
Five and a half furlongs— Horsa won, Robert
Morrison second. Russian third. Time, i:i2'i.
Six furlong* — Handlcapper won, Marcopolo
second, Brulare third. Time, 1:18.
Mile selling— Marlon Lynch won, Sulphice
second, La Vitesse third. Time, 1:48.
Five furlong:*— Senator Beveridge won, Trenet
The Mere second. Dr. Moore third. Time, 1:07.
Five and a half furlongs, foiling — Lord Fra
ser won. Jack Adle second, Onoto third. Time,
1:12.
DETROIT, Mich.. SepL 21.-Three favor
ites, two second choices and an outsider
took the purses at "Windsor to-day.
Weather threatening:; track Blow. Sum
mary:
Talent Breaks Even.
Bowen third. Time. 1:13.
Mile and a sixteenth— Eljerhardt -won. Branch
second, Eva Rice third. Time. l:53'i.
Mile and a quarter— Joe Shelby won, Quanah
Parker second. Pat Garrett third. Time, 2:14%.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER* 22, 1900.
Palrolmee Hold CMef SmlMvaira's Latest Rules; Up to
RMicole, but They Are lewardly Fearful
of Makaeg Mistakes.
MUST SALAAM TO MAYOR
PHELAN OR THEIR HEADS
WILL FALL IN THE BASKET
5
Extra Good Values
for Saturday Shoppers
gfcil f%gr% ior Ladies * Vici KiJ 6 5 hoes— Until closing
9&B b&m Gp me t°* n^ht, new coin toe and kid tips, silk ve3t-
ing top3, flexible soles, an up-to-date style in all
sizes — price regularly $2.00.
•tfrif f ° r Ladie5 ' Tan Vici Kid Oxfords— Until clos-
Ssbta aJS£me& n S time to-night, vesting top3, new coin toes,
hand-turned soles, all size3 and widths.
dSh^ % nt- for B °y 4> $5 -°° and $6 - co Suits— Until clos-
£§3b95 inff time t0 " ni sht, 3-piece suits for boys 10 to 15
y ear3 of a S e » round-cornered Sack Coat, single
or double breasted vest, knee pants with double seat and knees,
made of all-wool fabrics in blue or Oxford Cheviot, and neat and
nobby effects in Fancy Cassimere.
One-Third iV ? en ' s Fancy Vests — Until closing time to-
g%ff night, your unreserved choice of any Fancy
UWWm yest in our Clothing Department— latest style
double breasted, with or without collars; new, handsome patterns.
SOC yard . for 5-?nch L5b erty Silk gQ** fop Fancy Metal delt Buckles
Pleating— Cream, white and .—Six naw styles new French
black. Much ujed for neckwe »r. pr-iy oxvdized and irtlt. very pretty.
5Qq for Mouseline ds Soie — A fOS ozen '©*" Horn Hair P.ns —
good grade, full 40 inches Extra fin© qua'i'y 3 inch?* on*,
wide. $1aOQ fcr Ladies ' 2-rtasp Ghves
flBa for Side Hose Supporters — .„ v — Fine dressed kid, oae row
*«*«- For ladiea or children; black "13c embrddered back all staple color-
only, Rood quality webbing, ings, also white and back, fitted and
_ J . . „ ,. , n , guaranteed.
2c for pair Curling Irons -Others oo e for Fiction, Poetry an* Essays
larger s.ze 4c andoc each. _ Aboat 2jQ we|i boand
tO& for SMnch Hair Roll — Best in c'oth, large clear type, publi-her'a
quality, 10 and 12 inch rolls price 75c volume.
loc each. 5Gg * 3r ovelt y Veilings — Jast in
53StS ' or ac ' i Satin Pulley Belts from New York, new velva;
—G:od quality r atin. all siz33. spot effects on either Taxado or Chif-
1 Qq yard for Frilled Elastic — About 'on foundation, also many styles of
" # ** one i nc h wide, an extra good complexion veils with light i~.vi3ib!d
quality rubber. meihes.
€itZf% for Sterling Silver, Jeweled 25 G ' 3r l - ad ' est Lacc Trimmed
Si *"^ or Enameled Hat Pin- These Handkerchiefs— Wide vilen-
Pins will not tarnish and are in new, ci9nni3 la:e edga and insertioa, sheer
pleasing designs. lawn c?nter.«. many patterns.
S5Qg+ for Sterling Silver Nethcrso'e 20 D ' Jr CoJgate's Talcun Powder
Bracelets— 925-1000 fine. For — Perfume I and antiseptic —
Indies or missei. in large sprinkler top cia.
SQg% for Sterling Silver Stick Pins QQq for 7 Sutherland's Dollar
¦*"• — 12 different designj—heart3, Size Hair Grower— A reliibla
birds, honeshoea, fl?nr da li", etc. n'nnaration.
<JJ4 O£J for 16 lbs. Granulated /ZQr* t°r Mexican Carved Leather
%?UmK9U Sugar— Best fije granu- Finger Purse— Pretty designs
lated Sucjar. «enain9 haatc vrvn;.
35b for Jesse Moore A - a* whis- 25c for 2 pdirs Po a Dot $ ox ~
key — Tnemost popu a- blendad Saamleii cotton, dirk back-
Whigkey on thi mirket. eroanJ, dots in vartoai co!o - s.
fSnj* for 2-lb. bar Italian Castile %£Qq forMsn's Suspenders —Fancy
<&%£**> jj oa p. — p or tn9 {, ata an( j rubber webbings — some cross
toi'et. >Q back, others with leather fastener.
PZfjr* for Man's Tartan Plaid Ned>- An extra va'ue.
*** #a * wear— The newest and pret- Qq for box Antiseptic Toothpicks—
tiest — j'ist in from New York — Tecks . Something new— breath parfoaer
and Imperials. and dent fries combinai.
-3# 7"3O K^^- «•_¦ -^"m « Dictionaries —
ar '" JU P CoEdenRole Bazaar. *%
To-Nigh U Caufornu-s LARQEsr-A.nERiCA-5 grandest store. To-Day, S3.4D
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
Office 1OO4 Market Street
.Near Powell.
Telephone— South 4-20.
Oakland Offlce-62 San Pablo Ave.
GRAND HOTEL
Connected by a eorered pa»anew»; and
eserated und»r ana management on U>»
American and European plans.
It Is universally aeknowledsed that thes«
boteis possess th* attributes that appp.il
to particular people— undoubted luxury and
comfort, unsurpassed eulsins and arrvic*
and superior appointments and location.
PALACE HOTEL
fft CHICMCQTER'S ENSU8M
™YBOySL PILLS
.f'i^rSBATE. Uwsti reliable, l.adle*. Mk Hn?r1»t
fiJ\'&&L *» CUICIIESTEKS ENGUSH
(ff^S^KSiln KCD u4 Ciold ¦act&Ula tut mtod
TJV ~.«»J »lth «>:n« ribbon. Takr no olh«.r. SUf mmm
jTi *J* *iJj l)«"H«r«« >at»Uti>rlaBi< sad Inlu>.
\ V f? «ad " Relief f»r l.a.t le^" ** Utttr. by r«.
-A A tan Mali. I M.AiMl Tntlmoalali. SoJd!>r
KeaUoa thU p»pei. Uadligu »<i.««, I'Hiu, r.2
I New York Dental Parlors.
§ - With Cffioes in Portland, Or., San Franoisoo, Cal., Seattle, Wash.
I ANY WORK DONE BY US THAT DOES NOT PROVE SATISFACTORY WILL
g BE ATTENDED TO FEEE OF CHARGE AT OUR NEAREST OFFICE.
I FULL SET OF TEETH, $5.00.
I Gold Crown $5.00 ff9 PLATES
8 Gold Filling. $1.00
1 Teeth Extracted Absolutely Without Pain.
S We are maklnr a specialty of gold crown and bridge work; the most beautiful
* painless and durable of all dental worlc known to the profession. Our name alone
g will be a guarantee that your work will be of the best. We have a specialist in each
Q department. Best operators, best gold workmen and extractors of teeth; in fact all
g the etart are Inventors of modern dentistry. We will tell you in advance exactly what
w your work will cost by free examination. Give us & call and you will find we do «-
J5 actly.aa we advertise.
I New York Dental Parlors,
I 723 MARKET STREET, San Francisco, Cal.
Dr. Bennett's Electric Belt
Makea weak men and women strons and atronjc
men and women atronger. Room* S aad i, 47
Post at.. Sin FrancUco C*L
THE EMPORIUM.
THE EMPORIUM.
"WHEN GREEK MEETS GREhK"
Then comes the tug of war. but when
laundry meets laundry, in such sharp com-
petition as is met with In San Francisco,
you can readily understand why we do
more business than any other laundry In
the city. Laundry work la our business
and we make it our business to do work
such as no other laundry can compete
with.
Domestic finish for full-dress shirts If
you order It.
No saw edges.
kB&Pt^-'" -, Mc - SHAPE NT^SKil
31 SSJrSV fk WiHPX___ WB
*' W^S «aS2 £1 P* fSk
X3 MM r^** 1^* ri F-Jt
5 ¦# ig |j j h t&Q - *ft| b Jrof Pasadena is at the Hoffman; L. D. Hol
laway of San Francisco Is at the Marl
borough.
CAI.IFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW TORK, Sept. 21.-Dr. A. A. LIbby
«£ •? £ u Ce ar *" fre 1 u<? n"y mattered
about her livinK apartments, and spravs
of ice water play continuously outside til
?;r n cu£ent f s hOr SUUnS r °° ms "' <**,
fr^ r w 1 ul i man . ca n 1 ln Wnl^h she traveled
w™ o^rV 0 p ? rt 8mouth.recently,was
fh? JJ 1^ 081 8 k . an lce h0U9e temperature,
the windows being closed and palls of tee
attributed alonK the floor and under the
-j ' v
Queen Victoria, who is always impervi
ous to cold, suffers acutely from heat
and elaborate arrangements are made to
keep her apartments cool. When sh«
leaves her bedroom in the morninsr it 1%
well aired for an hour. Then the win
dows are closed and the blinds drawn and
large pans of ice are brought in The
room thus refrigerated, is kept closed un
til night.
HOW THE QUEEN KEEPS 000L.
Chinese are deeply grateful that their Sacred City
lias not been destroyed. They may have reason to re
flect that the aliiea arc cot out of China.
William Jennings Bryan is preparing for his final
tour of the campaign. He must be getting ready to
go home.
The latest incident in the Craven case indicates that
Superior Judge Carroll Cook might with propriety
establish an ambulance service in connection with his
If the powers insist upon the stupendous demands,
which are inspired by their greed. China may prefer
dismemberment to the shell of national life which will
remain to her.
The sort of men Bryan would appoint to the Su
preme Court if he had the power is a consideration
that will make the American people very careful not
to give him the power.
While President Kruger is sojourning in Europe he
might add something to his fame by "striving to liber
ate the single gigantic figure of the South African
war — General Cronje.
John M. Chretien considers his prosecution on a
criminal charge as a huge joke. He has also the sat
isfaction of being the only one who is able to look
upon the grave matter in that light.
There appears to be rivalry even in the unenviable
privilege of blackguardism. Kelly, Crimmins and
Burns are quarreling to determine who shall have the
distinction of leadership in criminal politics.
The women of Santa Cruz insist that they have .1
right to vote at the coming: election. The ladies will
unfortunately find that they are dealing with one of
those rights which must. go into the reserved list for
future consideration.
The Native Sons and Daughters of California have
<ione macb for the State through their organization,
but much mere remains to be done. One work ac
complished will but prepare the way for the undertak
ing of a new one. Still it is not likely there will ever
arise an is«ue bearing more directly upon the vital
point* of the welfare of the State than that of provid
ing for a thorough and scientific system of preserving
our forests and conserving our water supply. A< a
part cf that work it would be well worth while to be
pin by saving the redwoods of the Big Basin, and ac
cordingly it is to be hoped the Sempcrvirens Club
"srill find cordial support ia its enterprise.
In a circular recently issued it is said of the Ri>
Basin: "Tim rejrion contain? the sources and water
5 bed* of many important streams upon which much
- f the water supply of Santa Crur. San Mateo and
Santa C'ara cornties and the city of Snn Francisco
depend*. It« denuaatioa would not only be their de-
EtrnctioiC but *i-ouM also materially lessen the rsin
fallof this pzn of Central California. This forest is
interspersed with many beautiful streams, the home
cf the troct and other fish. It is also a natural trame
preserve. At the present rate of destruction this for
est — the erowth of many centuries — will be wiped out
in five vears."
The r' a^ °» the club :« an important part of the
p^r.fra] 5-cheme of preserving the forests of the State
:ro:v< destructive w^ste. and accordingly all who are
interested in the as a whole might well co
< perste .vi:h thr ?rmper%irens Club in accomplishing
the particular object toward which its energies are
cireetcd.
TO SAVE THE REDWOODS.
\flGOROUS effort? arc being made by the Sem
pervirras Club to save from destruction the
creat redwood? in that wonderful region of the
S?.r.ta Cruz Mountains known as the "Big Basin."
Amonp other appeals one has been directed by the
committee on publicity and promotion to the Native
Daughters. They are requested to either join the
ck:l>. act with it as auxiliaries, or as individuals do
whatever is in t'e : r power to provide for the pre?er
\ itiotJ of the forc?t.
ARMAGEDDON— C. R. L.. Campbell.
Cal. Armageddon Is a name used in Rev
elation. xvt:16. and signifies the "Mount
of Megiddo." from a root, gadacl. to cut
off, 1. e.. slaughter. The reference in
Revelation in this passage is probably to
Megiddo. but some refer it to the Plain
of Esdraelon. In Galilee and Samaria.
famous as a battlefield, the great Old Tes
tament battlefield between !5»r.iH and tn>
various enemies of Jehovah's peopre. *na
fcene of Barak's victory over Canaan and
Gideon's over Mldian .Ju.isres. iv. \- yjV
the scene also of Sauls death «*?i?™~.*
defeat before th*> Philistines iUfSL^SJI;
xxxi). and of Jonah's d«HB ' n ,K^ wlt!l
Pharaoh Necho til Kings. xTiil:->W).
THE HOLT SEE— C. R. L.. Campbei:.
Cal. The Holy See la the name applied
to the Papal office or Jurisdiction: tha
Papal court. "See" Is the seat or thrcr.
of a Blshor*. so used In ecclesiastical
circles. By universal usage, however, seo
designates the city ( thence at least in
popular language, the entire diocese) in
which the seat of a Bishop is placed. In
the Roman Catholir church the Pope
alone establishes sees, and alters their
distribution anil local limits and boun
daries. In the Anglican church this }.*
done by authority of Parliament. In this
country in the Protestant Ep!s<~op-*l
church sees are created arn.1 Hmit3 of dio
cese changed by authority of the general
convention.
SILVER DOLLARS— S. and P.. Salinas.
Cal. Silver dollars of the United State?
will not be exchanged at the United
States Treasury for gold on demand, but
are exchangeable for silver certificates or
smaller coin.
HOMICIDES-X. T. Z., Metealf, Ariz.
There are no published statistics that
give. Jn the aggregate, the number of
homicides in Arizona In 1S59 and In tl»
Dominion of Canada during the nma
period, hence the information asked far
cannot be given.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
THE PHELAN FOUXTAIN-A. O. 9..
City. The Phelan fountain in Sar Fran
cisco was unveiled Sunday. September 3.
1S97.
MARK TWA1X-C. R. L.. Campbell.
Cal. The home of Samuel Lar.ghorne
Clemens (Mark Twain) is la Hartford,
Conn.
OSTEOPATHY- Isabella. West Potnt.
Cal. Osteopathy is the special science of
the treatment of bones and diseases
thereof.
PADEREWSKI— Isabella. "West Point.
Cal. Ignace Jan Paderew3kl waa born in
Podolia, a province of Russian Poland,
November 6. 1S60, consequently h» is a
Russian-Pole.
I don t see any sense in these collect
ing fads." said Mr. Wooph.
"Nor I." agreed Mr. Gooph. "Whv
some of these fellows seems to make a
regular passion of It. They make me
And he gazed out of the window and
fill at the rCnt coIlector ' had ju"t
PRODUCED WEARINESS.
She— I like him because he's so extrava
gant.
Hep Aunt— That Isn't the b*st possible
quality in a husband. l °
She-Of course not! I'm not going to
marry him.— Puck. » u "<s w
UP TO SNUFF.
"What are the wild waves saying?"
murmured the woman as she stood on the
silver lining of the mighty main
"Nothing, Maria." replied th^ m an
hoarsely; "they ar<> like some people w«i
know— they make a great deal of noise
but don t say anything.*'— Tit-Bits.
ALL SOUND.
Aunt Malindy laid down the rollng pin.
ret her hands on her lips and delivered
herself of this profound bit of wisdom:
"Great trouble in dis world Is, dey is
too many people who don't know enough
to be fust cook an' knows too much to be
second." — Indianapolis Press.
WORDS OF WISDOM.
THE USUAL RATIO.
First Suburbanite— How long was your
last cook with you?
Second Suburbanite— She was "with us"
for about two hours, and "agin us" all
the rest of the two weeks she was there. —
Judge.
"I told him I hoped he •would allow me
a reasonable per cent on what he got out
of it."— Chicago Record.
"What did you say to the lawyer about
breaking your father's will In your in
terest?"
That all is but change or decay;
Yet one thing will change not as long as
¦winds blow:
Some men will be high and some men
Will be low
Till the blast on the Judgment day!
— Chicago Times-Herald.
HE HAS HOPES.
The world is made over each night.
They tell us that nothing la sure la this
world,
Man's power Is but for a day.
To-morrow the courses of rivers may
change.
And mountains may sink out of sight:
To-morrow the friend who to-day has
your aid
May steal up behind you with glittering
blade —
world.
That glory soon flickers away;
To-morrow the beauty may crumble to
dust.
To-morrow the monarch may beg for a
crust —
They tell us that nothing is sure In this
THE UNCHANGEABLE.
A CHANCE TO SMILE.
H. L.. Gates, a prosperous Klondlker,
is in the city for a few days prior to
going to Europe. Mr. Gates is a native
of Humboldt County. He has made over
J300.00O In the Klondike and says there is
yet much gold to be obtained from these
tields.
William H. Dobson. a miner of Mel
bourne, arrived in the city yesterday. He
is to make a tour of inspection of the
mines at Cripple Creek and Denver. Mr.
Dobpon is making his headquarters at the
Occidental.
Rev. Dr. Wakefield and sister returned
yesterday from a fifteen months' absence
in the East. They are registered at the
Occidental and expect to return to their
home in San Jose to-day.
T. F. Fitzgerald. Pacific Coast passenger
agent of the Texas and Pacific Railroaa,
left last evening on a business trip to
Los Angeles and other southern points.
Former Governor J. E. Richards of
Butte. Mont., arrived at the Palac« last
evening in company with his wife, who
will go under surgical treatment here.
Rev. S. Trower, an Episcopal clergy
man; his brother, H. Trower, both of Syd
ney, and C. Treedale of London are stop
ping at the Palace for a few days.
Arthur P. Bennett and "William Isblster.
mail agents on the steamer Moana. which
came in from New Zealand yesterday, are
stopping at the California.
M. L- "Waphburn and wife of this city
came in on the St. Paul yesterday after
noon from Nome, where -they have been
spending the summer.
J.- K. Pattee. merchant at Sonora. and
his wife are enjoying a few days in the
city and have taken apartments at the
Grand.
Richard U. Good and T. W. Stanton of
the Geological Survey Department. Wash
ington, are stopping at the Occidental.
Elwood Mead of the Government Ex
periment Station in Cheyenne, Wyo., is
stopping at the Occidental.
James McCudflen, a naval contractor
at Vallejo, arrived in town yesterday anil
registered at the Grand.
F. H. L^adbetter. paper manufacturer
and importer at Portland, is in the city.
He is at the Palace.
Dr. Wesley Carpenter of Woodland Is at
the Grand.
Rev. and Mrs. Mehavey of London are
at the Palace.
J. P. McCreedy, a Chicago merchant, Is
at the Palace.
Colonel W. P. Harrington of Colusa Is
stopping at the Palace.
Benjamin M. Woodhall, a Stockton mer
chant, is at the Grand.
Georpe Myers, a prominent cigar dealer
at Fresno, is at the Uick.
G. T. Grant, a prominent mining man,
has taken quarters at the Palace.
Dr. W. A. Hendryx and wife of Los
Angeles are guests at the Palace.
Guy A. Buell, a big lumber dealer at
Stockton, is staying at the Palace.
T. E. Hunt, a prominent commercial
man from El Paso, Tex., is at the Palace.
PERSONAL MENTION.
QUITE naturally, under the circumstances, the
reports from South Africa in these days are
full of conflict and confusion. Dispatches
from Spitzkop, dated September 19. were to the effect
that General Vilioen, who has succeeded Botha in
supreme command, was moving northward with 3000
men and thirty guns, and had announced a determina
tion to continue the war indefinitely. Another dis
patch of the same date from Nelspruit stated that of
the 3000 Boers who retreated from Komatipoort be
fore the British advance 700 entered Portuguese ter
ritory, others deserted in various directions, while the
remainder crossed the Komati River and occupied the
spurs of the Lombolo Mountains.
Roberts, of course, is eager to get the scattered
bands of the patriots rounded up and captured, and
to that end has resorted to every resource at his com
mand, from hard pursuit to pleasant promises of
leniency. In a recent proclamation announcing; to
the Boers the flight of Kruger Roberts said: "Kru
ger's action shows how hopeless, in his opinion, is
the war, which has now been carried on for nearly
a year, and his desertion of the Boer cause should
make clear to his fellow burghers that it is useless to
continue the struggle any longer. It is probably un
known to the inhabitants of the Transvaal and Orange
River Colony that nearly 15,000 of their fellow sub
jects are now prisoners of war. not one of whom will
be released until those now under arms against us
surrender unconditionally."
After pointing out that intelligent burghers can no
longer have any hope of success by their own arms,
nor assistance from any foreign power, Roberts went
on to declare that the war has degenerated into a
guerrilla struggle. He closed by saying: '"The means
I am compelled to adopt are those which the customs
of war prescribe as applicable in such cases. They arc
ruinous to the country, entail endless suffering to the
burghers and their families, and the longer this guer
rilla warfare continues the more vigorously must they
be enforced."
It is doubtless very exasperating to his Lordship
that after all that the Boers continue fighting and Vil
joen refuses to even discuss a proposition to surren
der. The war may not have staggered humanity, but
i U has made the British portion of it very tired, and
as yet there is no rest in sight.
ROBERTS AND THE BOERS.
rl A\'li you registered yet? That question should
I be part of the salutations of the day wherever
men meet. It is to the interest of the whole
community that all good citizens should register. We
may be sure that the bosses have seen to it that even*
member of their following is enrolled, so> that those
who are not yet registered are likely to be of that class
of voters upon whom the community relies for gooi
government.
It i« to be borne in mind that all registrations prior
to January 1. 1900. have been canceled, and no man
:> er.titled to a vote at the coming election unless hs
has repi?tcred since that time. There ought to be no
rr.-r.nderstandir.g of the matter, for the la\v has been
published time and again, but it seems there are a
considerable number of persons who are as yet ignor
ant of the reces<=ity of registering this year even if
they have been registered in former years. So to the
inquiry, have you registered? there must be added the
further question, have you registered since January 1?
During the pa c t four year* the population of the city
h: s increased, and of course the number of persons
<"r>ied to the privilege of voting has increased with
the population. Nevertheless the registration is
many thousands of votes short of the number enrolled
i:; i8q6. Such a showing is not creditable to the coin
inunity. It i» evident we have an undue proportion
of cit!7ens who are either ignorant of the election
fcws or arc indifferent to the highest privileges of an
American citizen — that of electing the men who are to
be charged with the duty of directing the affairs ot
the Government.
Kesirtrstion close? September 26. Only a few da>"
icTi:nin in which to get your name on the rolls. There
15 «mre to be a rush at the registration ofnee on the
cJcsing cay-;. Why not enroll your name to-day? If
yor neglect it you may not have a chance in the rush
r.ext week, and then you will lose your right to vote
THE QUESTION OF THE DAY.
Senator Hill nf 1S9<5 Is. with the possible
exception of Mr- Bryan, to-day the lore
most Democrat In the land. He is a
worthy and capable loader of his party,
but he is not my leader.
Does any on© believe that Mr. Croker.
without whom thers is no hope of Demo
cratic success, is any less an opponent of
bimetallism to-day than he was in 1S36?
Does any one believe that the Democratic
party if successful would pass a free
colnaKe bill? It matters not how true
their candidate for the Presidency may
be in his advocacy of this cause, without
his party behind him ar.d in sympathy
with his position on this question he will
be almost as powerless in Washington as
he is at home upon his Nebraska farm.
These are the conditions as 1 see them.
I do not believe there is any hope at pres
ent for a proper settlement of the finan
cial question.
I have always adhere! to the party's
declaration that we were Republicans on
all other questions but the financial one.
I am not a Democrat, and it seems to ma
that the time has come when w<» must tws
either Democrats cr Republicans. There
is to-day, in my Judgment, no middle
ground. Very truly yours.
A. M. STEVEXSON*.
Denver. Colo., Sept. 14. 3900.
SATURDAY: SEPTEMBER 22, 1900
JOHN U. irPRtCKELS. rropnetor.
Add-e*s AH Com-nunica'ions *o W. S. LEAKE. Mana-er.
MANAGER'S "rriCE 1>l«rp1ione Preim 204
J-1UUCAHO.\ OFFICE. ..Market nml Third. S. K.
Trlcpbonr Prrn SU1.
EDITORIAL ROOKS 217 to 221 StrrPDlOl it.
Trlriilinnr I'rr» SU2.
D*!trer*d ti» Carrier". 15 Oftf« V+r fl>»fc.
Slutr!*" Copl«-«. S Cent*.
Trrna tty Mntl. lnrlndlni: I'oatas'l
r>A!I.T CALL. Mnelufllc* Sunday), cue year *« •*
DAII.T CaIJ. «!rclu«tnc Fuoday>. « months «.Oo
DAILY CAUL. <1cc1uJ1ck Sundar). * monUii 1.S8
EA1LT CALI^-B* Flnsl* Moetb «£*
fl'SDAT CALIj Oo» J>ar - I.P
VfEKKLT CALL On« 1>ar LOO
AJ1 liumltummter* are «attmrlse4 to receive
• abnorlptloiiB.
fcjerr> ecptM »;il bt forwarded when reqtiPttad.
i.UU.\U OFFICE 1118 Bro»drrny
GEORGE C KROGNESS.
! >''f«^»r Fee gr. Advertising, Verquette Bui'.aing. Chicago.
¦Is.ti Vi*:tv:e Telesheoe "Ontr&l I«13."»
Mall iv'jf-r i>r« in orcrnnc elites* of ad<Sr*s* vhocid be
particular to el ve both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS In orAn
to :c*»ir« ¦ prwu;pt aud correct compliance wtti> tbelr requ»at.
KKTW TORK CORIUESPONTDENT:
C C. CARi_7GN Heraid Square
NEW TORK REPRESENTATIVE?
STEPHEN B. SMiTH 30 Tribune Building
NT7W TORK NEWS 8TAKD3:
v * * -' A'- •-•« Hotel; A. XirentaDo. 11 Unloo Sqcars:
Uurrsy HU1 Hotel
CHICAGO NKWS STANDS:
f^«^^%a Houtt; P. O. N>w» Co.; Great Nortbem Hotel:
rt»rawrt Hcuae; Auditorium Hotel.
WASHINGTON -D. C.I OFFICE 1406 G St.. N. W
VCRTCN t. CRAN£. Correspond -nt.
Hon. A. M. Stevenson has been Senator Teller's right hand ™* n J*
Colorado politics for many years. He walked out of the St. Louis Re
publican convention arm-in-arm with that Senator after that scene in
which the delegates from Colorado withdrew from the convention and
from the Republican party in obedience to the instructions from their
State convention. In the campaign which followed Mr. Stevenson, al
ways an acknowledged political leader, was most active in all that
seemed to further the interests of the free silver faction- He is a leading
lawyer in Denver and an orator of marked ability. His executive pow
ers have also put him first and foremost in every campaign in the State.
But now the Teller Silver Republican party must get along without
him, for Mr. Stevenson recently announced his return to the Republican
party, and gave as his reason that free silver was no longer an issue
before the people, and that when he withdrew from the St. I/ouia con
vention he did not surrender, as a Republican, his convictions on other
great questions.
4.
EDITOR Ban Francisco Call— I have
been actively connected with the
Silver Republican party since its ,;T«j" .:. ¦¦ " ' Il!l! '-3^L^
organization and have done my /^fesa^^^I^^^^g^ab^S^
share in trying to build up the or- /£9&4rj/r& -^vS^v*£»
ganization and make it powerful and re- lmmJ&jBi&)&>& : '-- '"¦
spected and worthy of respect. When the UI|
party was nationalized, I hoped that it [fvjr M^
might become a power for good In tha MmS* ML. *^^^P^&\v'Pv h ; \ iffK
politics of the country. 1 still believe that Zfir'^9 : w^\f£p% -'A wvi
such mi^ht have been possibls had not Wv I&M *i*Vl\
new conditions, new responsibilities of Ifl §sM '_mt*^iJP^sjjSjlfBHp vow
government and now issue? been pressed \n 1 1111*31 iffS^^^I^^^^^M *4 \\\\
for consideration and settlement. There H Mam? 1 lii - : -^ I ll
is now no hope— in fact, no pretense Hal ' i«_T .- "*&£? ' V ll
that the party can live beyond the present ; |||| ~^gM vi'~ s**> ~ '' '¦!)' 11
campaign, and I do not believe it possible I f§|| ,*«& >*j' -/'>} f J-.J,
to aid the cause of bimetallism by con- ; WgBgk ' x^^^^^^'^i :^^ll\l
a live issue before me American people WvWv \i- B)1b^^^' //III
and never will become an issue of great \YVv\\ v HI*^** / ' iW&^&r /'/lJ
pcUtical importance until the necessities \^$^ T Wr^ff^SJw///if
oi the country corni^el a correct monetary \V\\Vv»S' W^^WJl/Jli
"We are daily informed that the great \Rc5v^>^ &*&B^w¥jfr
body of gold standard Democrats who re- aKvfcN^t^s. Z^&tfr/
lused to support Bryan in IS.% are to-day >kS^ST^^^^*^
according him loyal support— and why? ; A^*
Certainly because they either believe that I ~^(r^
the financial question has been Bettled or i
s'flo-tracked for the present. The reason 2
that prompts them to return to their old '
party allegiance. In a measure, at least, ,,_,, ~rrTT-c rruncr t>a
persuades me that I am correct in my con- PARTY CHIEF WHOSE PX
elusions about this question. In lcW the TRIOTISM IS THE PARA-
Democratlc party declared the financial untTKT T^csr'F*
question to be one of controlling and para- • WLi>1 WBl - r>1
mount political importance. In 1900 the t
same party declares another issue to be of v
paramount importance, and every one ,
Knows that the open declaration in favor Senator Hill of 1S3<5 is. with the possll
of free coinaee was forced upon the con- exception of Mr- Bryan, to-day the 10
vention afterlhe representatives of a ma- most Democrat in the land. He is
Jority of thp delegate? had voted against worthy and capable leader of his par
such* a declaration in committee, and the but he is not my leader.
resolution could not have been adopted in Does any on© believe that Mr. croK
the committee had it not been for the without whom thers is no hope of Den
votes of the territories of Hawaii, Indian cratic success. Is any less an opponent
Territory. Oklahoma. Arizona and New bimetallism to-day than he was in 1&
Mexico, none of which has any voice in Does any one believe that the Democra
the election of the President. party if successful would pass a fin
In 18f»6 Senator Hill of New York de- coinage bill? It matters not how ti
nounced the majority of the Chicago con- their candidate for the- Presidency m
vention and the platform advocated by be in his advocacy of this cause, wlthf
them in language every sentence of which his party behind him and in sympat
was?; joyfully repeated during the cam- with his position on this question he -v
paign bv those who opposed the election be almost as powerless in Washington
Of Mr. 'Bryan. He and those who acted he is at home upon his Nebraska far
with him sullenly refused to support the These are the conditions as 1 see the
nominees of the "Chicago convention. In I do not bollevo there is any hope at pr
ISflO the same Senator Hill was the hero ent for a proper settlement 01 the Hnt
of the Kansas City convention, and would cial question.
have been its nominee for Vice President I have always adhered to the part
had he not declined the nomination and declaration that we were Republicans
implored the convention and Its leaders all other questions but the financial o
not to nominate him. I am not a Democrat, and it seems to
I cannot understand how any man who thai the time has crane when wo must
witnessed the scenes at Kansas City can either Democrats cr Republicans. Th.
honestly say that the convention there is to-day, in my Judgment, no mid.
was a silver convention, or that its dele- ground. Very yours
gates believed that silver was at all an A. M. STEVENSON
l«ue In this campaign. The despised Denver. Colo.. Sept. 14, 3900.
SILVER REPUBLICAN LEADER
OF COLORADO LEAVES PARTY
Hon. A. M. Stevenson, a Denver Law
yer, Returns to the Republicans.
i \A R. HEARST was very early in the field *s an j .
/ \ expansionist, a jingo and.annexer, and was j 1
not saying anything about consent of the gov- j
erned. cither. In the Examiner on May 7, 1808, he
said: "The atrocities of Spanish rule in Cuba have "
lor generations been a disgrace to civilization. This
country forebore from interference until forbearance .
had long ceased to be a virtue. We have announced (
that we are fighting, not for profit, but for humanity.
We are thoroughly capable of handling that affair
without any outside interference, and we propose to j
handie it in that way. Should Continental Europe j '
attempt interference it would precipitate an alliance
between this country and England, with Japan as a
ltossible third. Such an alliance would dictate to the ,
world. The Anglo-Saxon-Celtic race, both in Eng
land and the United States, has proved that it pro
duces fighters. The combined resources of the two
countries are sufficient to overcome any possible .
opposing combination. Such an alliance would mean
an enforcement oi the Monroe doctrine in a far .
stricter sense thnn it has heretofore been enforced. J
But it would mean more than that. It would mean
that the United States would assert itself in the set- ,
tiement of the Eastern question. This country is not
looking for entanglements, but it is not avoiding
trouble when it come?."
Having fixed up an alliance with England and
daubed warpaint on the Angio-Saxon-Celtic race. Mr.
Hearst in the Examiner of May 16. 1S9S, proceeded to
take the Philippines, as follows: "What shall we do j
I with the Philippines? It is true we have not got
them yet, and it may be a premature counting of
chickens to assign their disposal at this stage of the
proceedings. At the same time it may be assumed
that if we undertake to hold them it will be done
effectually, for this is not a people to brook half
measures. The work which we put our hands to will
be done thoroughly, at whatever co?t. It may in
volve the very serious work of convincing the native?
that we do not do business on the same lines as Spain,
and they must behave themselves, keep the peace and
mind their business. The islands are valuable — so j
\ah:able that almost any European power would j
gladly undertake the task of reducing them were a J
reasonable excuse offered. They are practically forced J
on our hands .by the logic of remorseless circum
stances. We cannot conveniently rid ourselves of j
: them, if we would. It is certain that the half-civilized i
natives are wholly unfit for self-government. Their |
future is in the hands of America."
As has, been seen by quotations we have already j
made from him, Hearst put in the whole spring,
summer and fall of 1S98 shouting for expansion and
yelling "Nail the flag to the Philippines!" He ut
tered not one word about natural rights of the na
tives, nor government by consent, but time and again
declared that we could govern them "unhampered by
the constitution," and that it would be right to re- j
duce them with an army and make them pay the cost I
of the reduction and of keeping garrisons to keep j
them reduced. After the State elections of 1898 hj j
said ho'ding the Philippines was a Democratic policy 1
and that Democrats were tired of having to vote the j
Republican ticket to enforce a Democratic policy.
He accused President McKinley of being a little J
American and of intending to drop the Philippines, j
and finally, when Colonel Bryan, in December. 189S. j
j in an interview announced himself opposed to hold- j
j ing the islands, Hearst said in the Examiner, Decent- 1
j ber 16! 189S: "Whoever resists expansion and reap-
S ing the fruits of our victory fights foolishly against j
"Mr. Bryan has announced his attitude. We hope
it will be modified.
"As a capable leader Mr. Bryan has won admira
tion among Democrats. He was supported by this
paper when the majority of men with ten cents in !
their pockets were >-ushing up and down the streets j
screaming that silver meant the death of America.
The Examiner <iid not think that America would be j
so easily killed, and it backed up a man and a party i
headed in the direction of useful reform, unmindful J
of the timid Americans and their shrieking.
"Now comes Mr. Bryan, in his turn, and declares
his belief that America is in danger — in greater dan
ger, he says, than Cuba, and that because we shall
undertake to rule a of islands some thousands
of miles away! Mr. Bryan is disappointing in this.
He believes that we can change the financial systeni
of the world and overthrow the fixed rules of com
merce without the consent of any other nation. Does
he doubt that we can police a parcel of islands without
the consent of any other nation?
"Why so brave about silver and so timid .about
national force and far-reaching power? And it is not
so far-reaching, really. Mr. Bryan quotes Jefferson j
and reminds us that he extended the American empire |
only on this continent. Yes. but he reached out
toward the setting «un before the invention of loco
motive or. tHegraph. The lands he annexed were
much farther away from him than are the Philippines
j from McKinley. And yet he did not fear, as Mr. '
Bryan seems to fear, the irritation of foreign coun
tries. He wrote to Napoleon that he (Napoleon)
would do well to get out of America and not ge? too
I close to us. for we should consider it as distinctly
I unfriendly in any nation that attempted to lord it
"Jefferson talked that way to the mighty French
Emperor: America was a little nation of four mil
lions and limited resources.
"Need Mr. Bryan, or Mr. McKinley. or any Ameri
| can. hesitate to assert our rights through fear of irri
tatinc foreigners to-day? We are eighty millions,
and so rich that long generations of public thieves
cannot begin to steal money as fast as we can make
"America has not gene hunting for weak lands or
j weak peoples to conquer. She has beaten Spain — as |
j meritorious an act as killing a rattlesnake. She fought
the Spaniards to help the oppressed. Her intention
I i? to pive genuine reform to the islanders whom fate
j has thrown into her hands. It is all very well to talk
j about consent of the governed. That is in the Decla
j ration of Independence, and we should be guided by
; ft. But we may also remember, incidentally, that we
! fought our own brothers in the South for four years
and murdered thousands of them to prove that the
j governed must be good and not weaken our nation
! by setting up governments of their own. It was held
by the North that a nation that gets its freedom by
fighting as a unit mu«.t stay a The Filipinos gr>t
j their freedom by our fighting, and they have no good
j reason for leaving us now, unless we are willing, and
t that is fact.
"Does Mr. Bryan doubt that what men want is
I liberty? Does he think that the American system ex
! tended to the Philippines would not give them liberty?
I This country is not perfect. We know that. But is
il ho: the best? Is it not pood luck for the Filipinos'
• 1 to get ?n? If it is. the question comes to this — Art
• I we afraid to undertake the work? Are we afraid of
> ourselves or of other nations? Ought not the Demo
, 1 era* oi to-day, with eights millions at hi& back, to
POLITICAL hYFOCRISY.
INDIANAPOLIS NEWS-It Is remarks
ble that there is no leading Democr.r
of the war period whom the Bryanltes cai
quote Instead cf Lincoln.
CHICAGO RECORD— By the purchase
of German, British and Russian bor«'..-»
the United States Is acquiring a perma
nent balance in Europe. If financial s:r ! ;
shall create a demand for more money ta
the United States these foreign bor.'i*
will be sent back to the European eou.>
tries 'whence they came and sold In the
open market.
NEW YORK TIMES— The defeat of Mr-
Kinley or the election of Bryan by a
'"prayer chain" would be difficult to prove.
The demonstration that a victory or .1
d2feat had been wrought fcl such a way
would strike the thoughtful as !n many
ways more unfortunate than the perpet
ual unsettlem<?nt of the question ¦wheth
er soldiers shall have their be?r cr wine
In camp or be obliged to seek It outside.
CHICAGO CHRONICLE— The golden
age of British HberaHsm Is truly past.
Gladstone is la his grave. Rojebery. cyn
ic, sport and peer, has no sincere sym
pathy with popular rights, no continuous
concern in anything Involving principles
or demanding either energy or sacrifices.
S!r William Vernon Harcourt. virulent
rather than vigorous, ebullient, but no
longer convincing, clatters his rusty ar
mor In the House to remind It that once
therein waa a statesman militant.
BOSTON POST— Nothing yet jrat forth
by the mine operators and the railroads
Justifies In any degree the refusal to pre
serve the peace by calling in impartial ar
bitrators to Judge between the contest
ants. And this refusal seems to fix the
responsibility.
NEW YORK WORLD— Wha-erT
chance there was of recovering X«x YDr*
was thrown away when the moral !^:;-;>n
and the independent vote represent--! -
Mr. Color's candidacy for Governor -*»:»
ruthlessly rejected. And even on the ci
sis of the "percentage of gam and loss"
In Maine and Vermont, neither Connecti
cut nor New Jersey would be carried ty
Mr. Bryan.
ST. LOUIS GLOBE-DEMOCRAT—Bry
an Is getting hit hard !n thi3 canvass. His
bpsfe money declaration has put the East
against him. while his "anti-lraperiali<-rr/'
nonsense has repelled the West. Nobody
need be surprised if the Republican rr.-i-
Jority in the electoral college this year
should be larger than It was In 1ST4.
RICHMOND TIMES— Ther* never was
an age when there were so many glorious
opportunities as now to the youth or the
land. There never was an age when the
Individual counted for so much as he does
In this age. There never was an age whec
there waa such a demand for bright,
brainy and cultivated young men.
NEW ORLEANS STATES— In the new
Galvestor.. If It is to recover or lncrea?^
Its population, there must be built r.<->
cheap hour:«fs; every home that is bu'.U
In the new city should be a fortress
against the elements. If a man car.rot
build such a house he ought not to bo per
mitted to build at all.
CHICAGO INTER-OCEAN— The Bryan
ites of this day are slurring oar soldiers,
belittling our achievements, demoralizing
national sentiment, as did the Valland:g
hamltes and copperheads of Lincoln's day.
If the people of this day are like the
people of lSG-t. Bryan will meet with a
defeat as crushing as that of McClel'.an.
BROOKLYN EAGL.E— From a debtor
ration we have become a creditor nation.
Indeed, it was only a few weeks ago that
we subscribed for a British Government
loan so quickly that the British them
selves complained that more time was not
allowed them to make bids. Whether the
Government has willed it or no, the people
of the United Btates have expanded their
Interests widely beyond the borders o*
this continent and they will see to it that
those Interests are protected by the offi
cials whom they elect.
PITTSBURG DISPATCH— The Btrik*
be<*ir.s with good order preserved. It i*
to be hoped since it must be endured
that Its total of loss and injury will not
be swelled by the public injury of rtot3
and the resort to mob methods.
Views of the Press
on Topics of the
Times.
UP-TO-DATE
EDITORIAL
UTTERANCE
Two Democratic State conventions in California
have put Mr. 'Hearst into the party platform and he is
the president of the National Association of Bryan
Clubs. Just what does Bryan Democracy think of
itself under the circumstances?
"Mr. Bryan says that we might take a coaling sta
tion in Porto Rico and another in the Philippines.
'Take' does not sound well. And why 'take' any
thing, if not all? Either we have a right to annex
those islands for their own good and advancement
of liberty, or we have no such right. If we have not
the right, to take any part is stealing, and we might
as well steal all as a part. The opposition to expan
sion is based on the failure to see things as they are.
This earth is no longer a huge, mysterious, limitless
thing. It is a small ball of dirt, and a man can get
around it in short order. With steam and electricity
one man of Napoleon's brain and remorseless energy
could control it all. It must sooner or later come all
under republican rule, and we might as well hurry up
the process whenever we get a chance. To spread
out in the East and set up the spectacle of freedom
and national growth under the nose of China and the
petrified East is a step in the right direction. The
Democratic party wants men who can reali7e thnt
annexation and expansion"are here; that they cannot
be stopped. The party wants men who can take a
share in problems that arise, who can suggest, and
when the time comes control. It does not want men
who sit by and protest!"
"But with the true flag over the Philippines, does
it not seem to Mr. Bryan and to all other Americans
that foreigners will be apt to keep their hands off?
"Is it not generally admitted that foreigners will
keep their hands off whatever bears our brand?
"The man of sense takes things as they are and
works accordingly. The Philippines cannot be given
away. We shall always be responsible for them. If
we turn them loose on their own hook we shall al
ways be responsible for them. We shall have to fight
their quarrels and defend them against oppression.
That will surely get us into trouble. With a weak
flag floating over the islands, with factions quarreling
for control and inviting foreign interference, will
come attempts that we will have to resist, and inev
itable conflicts will follow.
"But since the objectors dig up the Declaration of
Independence so glibly against expansion, they might
also dig it up in favor of the movement. That
declaration seems to make quite clear the American
idea that men are born free and equal. Not men in
Connecticut or New Jersey, but men — all men.
"Much is said about the quality of the Philippine
islanders. They are not good enough to suit some of
us. Too bad.
be as brave as old Jefferson, with only four millions
of followers? ' , - • •
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 22, 1900.
PARTY CHIEF WHOSE PA
TRIOTISM IS THE PARA
MOUNT ISSUE.
Th« anti-cigarette crusader was trying
to convert the youthful fiend.
"When I was at the hospital." she re
lated, "the last words of a street gamin
were. 'Gimme a cigarette.' Now. I am
certain he would have said something else
if he had only had the time."
"Yessum," assented the fiend.
"Ah! And you can guess what those
words would have been?"
i-iA'ffiP^ft .gfJBch/ '^--Chicago News.
SECOND NECESSITY.
6
MtssK.p soMttTrnxa
TI"<» rrf.Wr.t «***¦*!*(< tAjXir.jr Ma
SUSS" »rA SU 1* ««n rw ««*-
th «'«Vii Hff "'"V '"r t» *.r.r*i»v.«.*.~ said
the MTrcr >VrtBr.>T.-r^-V^>N"»g^ TriMaw.
».i...r.v 'B. n..u ¦¦
tOKttN. .
gomery st. «¦•¦¦ '
* m
Splendid icecream .od*. »*^JSS«f?1
water ice at To W n^r,iVW^ "oteL
French nouent at TtmuMvO^
rohiniMa —"Tfc» Bails'" and "Na;x>:e~n's Guard."
Alhatabra— "Shlii Ah~y."
C*:tfcm:«— Orcnd Oi*?ra, Sunday nlsbt. September 23.
<_'7i»h«>u m — Va -j devl t ie.
'•r-.^T.d Or«»ra-22:>uf^— "Quo Vadls."
Alcaxar— "T! ¦<• W-Jow's Husband."
Ti\o:i— "Faust."
Olrmpia. corner Mason ar.d Eddy street*— Specialties.
Ohut«5, Zoo and Theater — Vaudeville «vrry afternoon and
ri5.-f;er>— Vaudeville.
U;r.gl:r.c Brae' Clrc;u, Slx'e*r.th aad rblsom streets.
¦ >*.it;cr >'ark — Hasebali.
Sherman-Clay lir.H— Sonir Recital. Saturday evening, S»p-
trirle- •«.
Su'.r 1 Bath*— Or">n DlfbtA.
' -aklfir.d Track— Rar**.
TanfersT. Park— Th<> Great Fair, &fpt«nb«r ;? to October «.
AMUSEMENTS.
Splendid Cal. «laee "'^ J'^.Tve'a
Townsoml * ( all.,-. rn.a S ba3ke ts.
round Ir: flr*-*trn<*»t y* *v •
C33 Market. r.->lAf» '*"•_' •;A Missing Boy.
Hsrold Palmer, who 11 vea at 293 Hj'dc
Referee in Bankruptcy.
United States District Judge de Haven
yesterday appointed E. P. Foltz as I ref
eree in bankruptcy Tor San Joaquin and
Stanislaus counties and Ira H. Keed for
Calaveras County,
Insolvency Petitions.
Petitions in Insolvency were filed yes
terday as follows: Frank A. Young, lia
bilities $947 59, nssets ?55; William Larkln
miner. Angels Camp, Calaveras County
liabilities $737 £4, assets none.
Time Changed for Closing Mails.
T. J. Ford, superintendent of mails, re
ports that at 10 o'clock to-morrow morn
ing the mailing division of the postoffice
will be installed in the new building at
the ferries. After that hour mail dis
patched by the Southern Pacific ferry will
be closed to the public fifteen minutes
prior to the departure of the boat, and
mail dispatched by the Santa Fe, North
Pacific Coast and California Northwest
ern Railway twenty minutes prior to the
departure of the boat. No change will be
made -In .the time of closing of mail via
Third and Townsend. streets.
Will Contest Dismissed.
The suit Instituted against Sarah Bor
land by John Cook? Charles Chambers and
William Chambers and the Borland will
contest were dismissed yesterday on a
stipulation filed by counsel representing
the opposing litigants.
Sues Wife for His Property.
r> orre H. Holstirfn has sued his wife,
Tsejle \V HolPtr-in. to recover possession
of property valued nt $20,000. HolFteln al-
Irpr.. thnt* during a recent illnef? he b<«
llevd that he was nbout to die nnd decd
tei the property Jn question to his wife.
Oa his recovery he sought u reconveyance
h th*» property, but in?tead of granting
husband's r« quept he alJegrs that Fh<»
left him and Finre that time he has not
Ften her.
Solace Freight to Be Confiscated.
Papers were prepared yesterday by
Deputy Customs Surveyor St. John for
the confiscation of several packages of
merchandise attempted to be smuggled
into this port on the United States na^al
transport Solace. These packages are
addressed to persons residing in the
United States and came as freight. Cus
toms Inspector Campbell, who made the
seizures, reported that addressed pack
ages are absolute freight and that the
Solace has been thereby converted into a
common carrier for the transshipment of
goods, contrary to the *tatutes. Forty ad
ditional cases, mostly of silks, were found
hidden on the transport yesterday.
To-Day's News Letter.
This Is not a special number of the Newa
I>ettcr. It is the regular weekly issue,
and stocked with good gossip, good stories
ami good wit. Tho editorials are as firm
and independent as ever, and the Town
Crier lashes the rogues with his custom
ary vigor. The jingie verses are up to the
l.eHt mark, and Horace Egbert and his
¦'l'ium Puddin' Tommcry" and Reginald
Sohuyler and his code of manners are in
the best of form.
Friends of the Dumb Beast.
Th»» regular monthly meeting of the
bo'ird of trustees of the San Francisco
Pociety for the Prevention of Cruelty to
Animals was held In the office, 403 Parrott
building Thursday, and the following is a
synopsis of Secretary C. B. Holbrook'B
r^i.'ort: Number of cases reported, 222;
inVfs=tljrated. 22<i; prosecuted. 18; sick and
disabled nnlmals killed, 17: animals In
volved, 5'25; removed in ambulance, 5. New
mombors nlected were Senator George C.
Porkins. l^jpold Klau, Anthony M. Pow
ell. O. A. Hensley, Ida B. Spence, Andrew
S. McNab. Klchard C. Jones.
POOLSEIXER'S CLERKS
TRIFLE WITH COURT
Jury and Others Inconvenienced by
Non-Appearance of H. Muller
anrl Josenh Mohan.
The rtiff? of H. Muller and Joseph Mo
han. eWk* in Harry Corbett's poolrooms,
rharc^d jointly with violating the ordi
nxnee ngnin-t iv>olsp!l!ng. were called in
Judre f'abaniVs cnun yesnerdaji-af.tenioon
for trial by jury. A venire of 10r) talesmen
ra/J been is*u»*i and they were all in
The *1ef>n<1ar)tR - attorney. George D
rollin; 1 . was prr?rnt. but neither of the
rV-JVniianTs iujkI* an appearance. After
v aitlr.R for nn hour th<> Ju'ige. on motion
< f Atifrn'-y CoCTey, for iho prosecution.
r ,r<*,'r-rrf\ t ho bail of JSV» for each of th* d«*
'rndanis to be forfeit e<\ and bench war
runts iF!=u«--d for their arrest. At Collins'
j-r-QuoPt the Judce said he would wait for
an hour longer to *«»<? if the defendants
would BbOW «ip. «nd in half an hcur Mul
lrr rfTtlf into court. •: .!•!.'¦
The only explanation h«» rnuld give was
thftt he was not notified by Harry Tip«r
-chon the ca«e would come up. Piper wa?
< ailed to the Ftsnrt. but did not thro-w any
llffbt on the subject. The .ludge adhered
to hi? nrdT forfeiting the bail and allowed
Mailer to era on his promi?'" tn be In court
t j j<-=. morning. The honrh warrant was is
* .< d for ?.5r:han's arrest.
The cases v.-lil be ?r>d by a jury next
Tuesday afternoon In the Judge's court
room* rfew H.".H of Justice.
WESSEL'S WIFE TOOK
THREE SHOTS AT HIM
For This He Is Granted a Divorce.
Other Unhappy Couples Appear
in Court.
Herman TV. "Wessel was granted a di
vorce yesterday from Mrs. Minnie Weasel
on the ground of cruelty. Wessel testified
that his wife's temper frequently got the
best of her, and on one occasion she fired
three ehots at him. On another occasion
he said she. hit him on the knee with a
teacup and seriously injured him.
James C. Christensen. an Ellis-street
coal dealer, filed a cross-complaint yester
day to his wife's complaint for divorce.
Mrs. Christenpen charged that on one oc
casion her husband called her a cow and
on another offered her $10 if she would
jump In the bay. Chrlstensen in his cross
complaint says that their troubles were
caused by Mrs. Christensen's constant
nagging. He says Bhe frequently told him
his face would frighten anybody, and that
the reason he was not oversuccessful on
some collection days was that his face
frightened away the customers. The case
will go to trial shortly.
Decrees of divorce were granted yester
day to Ada Fretwell from Charles J. Fret
well on the ground oC neglect, Albert W.
Cook from Mary-E. Cook on the ground
of desertion. Manabel Vouraky from
Penay Vouraky for infidelity. Ada Giie
nan has sued Peter Grienan for a divorce,
alleging desertion as cause of action.
CAME HERE FOR HEI^P \
AND WAS DROWNED
Fortnnato Milani of San Bernardino
Met a Fate That Belied His
Name.
Fortunate Milani had a fortunate nam«
but an unfortunate fate, for he was ac
cidentally drowned early yesterday
morning off Union-street wharf. Milani
was 33 years old and came to this city last
Thursday from San Bernardino County
for medical treatment. He took a room
at the Lombard Hotel. 251 Pacific street.
Early yesterday morning John Bianconi,
his cousin, called at his room, but found
that Milani had gone out.
Bianconi Instituted a searcn around the
wharves not far from the hotel and
found Mllani's hat. He raised an alarm
and Nicholas Pass and Joseph Rodger;
recovered the body from the bottom of
the bay near the spot where the hat was
found.
Witnesses will be produced at the Cor
oner's Inquest to show that Milani fell
off the wharf accidentally.
street, has b*x»n r*»port«*<1 miffing and the
police of this city aro making a diligent
prarcn for him. The boy's mother visited
police headquarters yesterday and notified
<"hi<-f Sullivan and adescrlptlon of the lad
has beon j^nt to the stations throughout
th<» city. Young Palmer has light hair
and wore a dnrk suit and gulf cap when
he loft home. He is thirteen years old.
XOTK.— In the above exposition of the tides
the early mornlntf tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tidr>s of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time. The
pecond time column rives the second tide of
the dar. thr. third time column the third tide
and the last or right hand column elves the
last tide of the day, except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights
plven are In addition to the soundings on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus *lgrn (— ) precedes the height,
and then th» number jrlven Is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference Is the mean of the lower low waters.
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrorraphic Office, U. B. N., Mer
chants' Kxchanic<\ Ban Francisco. Cal..
P<>ptemb^r 21, 1*00.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
I. e., at noon of the 120th meridian, or at I
o'clock p. m., Greenwich time.
C. Q. CALKINS.
I/I^utenant Commander. U. S. N., In charge.
NEGRO WHO INSULTED
WOMEN CONVICTED
an Alibi, but It Did Not
Work.
Jacob Nutherland Attempted to Prove
Jacob Nutherland, the colored bootblack
on Fillmore street, near Turk, was con
victed by Judge Cabaniss yesterday on
the charge of battery upon Miss Ida Rese
now, 1259 O'Farrell street, September 4,
and he was ordered to appear for sentence
this morning. Nutherland called a num
ber of witnesses to prove an alibi, but they
contradicted him as to the time he went
for his lunch. He said he always went to
his lunch exactly at noon, hut the wit
nesses testilied that it was alwavs be
tween 11:30 and noon. None of them re
membered anything about the particular
day of the assault.
Miss Resenow, a quiet, ladylike pirl,
testified that about noon of September 4
she was walking along O'Farrell street
with her umbrella up, as it was raining,
when the defendant came behind her and
threw his arms around her waist. She
struggled till she got free and hit him on
the head with her umbrella. He tried
again to throw his arms round her, but
Bhe beat him off with her umbrella, and
when a team came along he ran down an
alley. She positively identified the de
fendant.
Miss Odera Heasch. who was assaulted
In the same manner by a colored man at
Lafayette square, was called as a witness
for tne prosecution, but the Judge would
not allow Tier to testify, as it had nothing
to do with the case under consideration.
Has a Right to Sherman Avenue.
City Attorney Lane advised the Super
visors yesterday that a strip of land 150
feet in width crossing Sherman avenue
between Wyoming avenue and the old
San Jose road was owned by the San Jose
Railroad Company, who did not Join in
an attempt at dedication on May 1, 1S63.
Lane holds that If there has been no other
dedication the land remains the property
of the San Jose Railroad Company or Its
grantee, the Southern Pacific Company.
Crowd-
Get Tickets Early and Avoid the
There is every probability that thou
sands of people will be of one mind on
September 30— that is, to go to Santa Cruz
on the grand $2 excursion which the
Southern Pacific will give on that day;
so the kindly suggestion is offered that
all who conveniently can will get their
tickets during the week at the company's
city ticket office, Market street, under the
Grand Hotel.
While a large crowd is comfortably
handled to and fro by the company's am
ple equipment, it is never pleasant to be
jostled about by a large number who are
all trying to purchase tickets at the same
time. So go early and avoid the rush.
It is understood that Santa Cruz will
make an unusual effort on this occasion
to entertain her visitors— at which, by the
way, she is proficient in a high degree,
and something quite out of the ordinary
mry be expected In the way of pleasure.
William H. Menton will be the com
pany's hospitable host, the knowledge of
which is always reassuring. The colonel
enjoys the proud distinction of having
managed excursions aggregating hun
dreds of thousands without having had a
single sprlous accident. So go and enjoy
yourselves.
SANTA CRUZ
THE BEAUTIFUL
WILL BE ORDAINED BY
ARCHBISHOP RIORDAN
Harvey and Rev.
Brockhage to Enter tlie Holy
Priesthood To-Day.
Rev. Mr.
Rev. T. M. Harvey and Rev. J. Willlan:
Brockhage, who have been teaching at
St. Patrick's Seminary. Menlo Park, vrhtle
completing their theological studies, will
be ordained at St. Mary's Cathedral this
morning by Archbishop P. W. Riordan.
Eight o'clock is the hour set for the cere
monies and it is expected that the saerefi
edifice will be filled with the relatives and
friends of the young men.
Rev. Mr. Brockhage was botn and
raised in Oakland. His parents are ola
residents of that city. He was educated
in the public and parochial schools ot
Oakland and was one of the first pupilri
of the parish school attached to St. Fran
cis de Sales Church, where he will cele
brate his rirst solemn high mass to-mor
row at 10:30 a. m.
The candidate for priestly honors began
his classical education at St. Charles Col
lege, Ellicott City, Md., and finished his
studies in St. Ignatius College, this city.
He entered the new seminary at Menlo
Park when it opened in 1SS8. He h?a
taught there while pursuing his theolog
ical studies and will continue to d« so
after ordination.
Rev. Mr. Harvey was born In Bostor.
and has been a long resident of New
York. He was educated for the priest
hood at St. Charles College, Ellicott City.
Md.. and at St. Mary's Seminary, Balti
more. He entered the first named Institu
tion In 1SSS and later St. Mary's Seminary.
He left the latter institution inyiS95
through illness and taught in New
until 1S98, when Archbishop Riordan en
gaged him to teach at the new seminary
at Menlo Park. He was one of the first
teachers at that institution and like his
friend will not sever his connection with
the college after ordination. He also com
pleted his studies while teacnlng.
The ceremonies at the cathedral will be
of the most solemn character. Archbishop
Riordan will be assisted at the altar by
a large number of priests from the dio
cese.
r.ot bfen heard from. The Moana brinps
no word of her and the chances are that
ebo has l*?<'n burned at sea or may be
dismasted. The Wachusett was coal la
tif-n.
The Nippon Maru is to sail at 1 p. m. for
the Orient to-day. There Is a blockade
of freight, however, and it may be 4 p. m.
before the mail boat pets away.
Captain Larson of the ship Eclipse is in
I rouble. He came in from a domestic port
Thursday night and never thir.kinp of the
quarantine ofhVer allowed about fifty of
his cannery hands to land. Now his ves
eel is in <i» : »rantine and Dr. Kinyoun !s
reading the law to him. Clarke. th« boat
man, was caught on the EcHr?e ready
to brin^ a load of fishermen ashore and
he also whs quarantined.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
Mattei-6 of Interest to Mariners and
Shipping- Merchants.
The Columbia loads lumber on Puget Sound
for Sydney, T2s 6'1, cption to Melbourne or Ade
laide. COs, or Freemantle. 70s; th« IIenri°tte.
whefet at Tacoma for Europe, 47* 8d. prior to
arrival; the Norwegian Fteamer Horda.. mer
ct-.apdiFe to China; the Sea Kins, lumber from
Moodyvillt to Syilr.f>'. 4S« Sd, option to Mel
bourne or Adelaide, " J6s 2d. prior to arrival;
t!ie William Uowden, lumber on Pjget Sound
for Sydney. CZs 6d. option of Melbourne or
Adelaide, CCb, prior to arrival.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Friday. September n.
Stmr National City. I>ettmers. IS hours from
Fort liras*. "
. v tmr Navarro, Jensen. 11 hours from Bowens
I^iintilrs.
JStmr ilatteawan, Crc-sscup. 85 hours from
Tacoma.
Stmr Tillamook, Hushes, 14 hours from Al
bion.
Btmr Eureka. J^r.son, 21 hour? from Eureka.
Stmr laqua. Ba5ii, 3b hours from San Pedro.
Stinr Alemsar, Gunderson. 46 hours from Port
1>ob Ar.jteles.
Ot sttnr Frankfurt, Xalchow, 1" days from
Moji.
Br itmr Moana, Carey. 22 dars 10 1 * hours
from Sydney, via Honolulu 6 days 6 hours.
Ship Fails of Clyde. Matsen. 20 days from
Hilo.
Br ship Speke. Ptott. €S days from Sydney.
liark Mohican. Keily, 26 days from Honolulu.
Hark Edward May, liansen, 20 days from
Honolulu.
Bark Kmily F Whitney, Brlgman, 20 days
from Honolulu.
Hark Will W Case, Anderson. 2« days from
Nuihasak.
Hktn S O Wilder, Jackson, 20 day* from
Honolulu.
Bktn S N Cattle, Hubbard. 23 days from
Honolulu.
Schr J G Wall, BJorartrom. 29 day* from
Golovln Bay.
Schr I^aura Pike. Johnson, 2 days from Eu
reka.
Schr Prwr-er. Brandman, 24 hours from Bris
tol Ba*-.
CLEARED.
Friday, September 21.
Schr Ro«amond, Ward, Honolulu; Williams,
Plrri'>nd & (Jo.
Htmr Sunta RoFa. Alexander. San Diego;
O.cJall. IVrkins & Co.
Stmr North Fork, McLellan. Eureka; Chas
Nelfeon.
Br rtiar Samoa, Hudson, Taku; W R Grace
& Co.
l!r eh!p Flintshire. Jones, Queenstown; G W
McNear.
SAILED.
Friday, September 21.
Stmr Arrata, Nelson, Coos Bay.
I Stmr Pomona. Shea, Kureka.
Stmr Point Arena. HarrSen.
Stmr GlDsy. Iceland. Santa Cruz.
Stmr Lut-Ila, Madsen. Cascar.
Stmr l-»e*riatch, Johnson. Eureka.
Stmr Whiteshoro, Olsen, (Ireenwood.
Stmr Coquillc River, Thompson, Grays Har
bor.
Stmr North Fork. McLe-llan. Eureka.
Stmr J^akme. Schace. Eureka,
IJr Ftnir Victoria. Blakey, Chemalnus.
H.irk I'ruF?la. .If-nsen, Port Blakeley.
Schr Falcon, Thome*. Sallnaa Cruz.
Schr Jennie Thelln. Pearnon. Coos Bar.
Schr Mayflower. Oisen. Coquille River.
Schr Rosamond, Ward, Honolulu.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. Sept 21. 10 p m— Weather
hazy; wind S\V, velocity 12 miles.
SPOKEN*
Sept 3. lat 14 N. Ion 16 W-Br phlp Arran
mnrf, from Antwerp, for San Francisco.
Aug Z{, lat 10 S, Ion 37 W— Br ehlp Thistle,
from Cardiff, tor Santa Rosalia.
Sept 5, lat 13 N. Ion 2<5 W— Br bark InverneM
thir*-. from Oregon, for Quwnstown.
1'<t stmr Kvichak. at l J ort Townwnd — Sept 11
at Z p m. In Unirrak Pass, ptmr Orizaba, hence
Sept 2. for Cape Nome; ehip Bohemia, from
Bristol Bay, for San Francisco.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
Et'RF.KA — Arrived S^pt 21— Stmr Pomona.
l>*nce Sept 20; Br bark Woollahra. from Hono
lulu.
ASTORIA-ArrivAd Sept 21— Fr bark Lanfon
taine. from Santander.
TACOMA— Sailed Sept 21— Bark Gatherer, for
Pan Francisco.
PORT BLAKELET- Arrived Bept 21— Schr
Excelsior, from Newport.
GREEXWOOD-Silled Sept 21-Stmr Alca
traz, for San Pedro.
NEWPORT— An-ired Sept 21— Stmr Homer.
from Trinidad.
HONOLULU— Arrived Sept 7— Bark Ceylon.
from Layman Island. Sept 9— T* S ftmr Logan,
hence Sept 1. S*»pt T2— Stmr Marlpona. hence
Sept 5; bark U P Rithet. hence Aug 24; gchr
Wm Olsen. from South Bend. Sept 13— Stmr
China, hence Sept 6. Sept 14 — Br strar Moana,
from Sydney; Nor stmr Krederica. henne Sep 4.
Faile.l Sept T— Br stmr Belgian King, for
Manila. S»-pt 10— Br ehlp Carnedd Llewellyn,
for Seattle. Sept 11— Bark St Katherine. for
Fan Francisco; Br f=hip Dechmont. for Port
Townsfnd. Sept 12 — Stmr Marlposa, for Syd
ney; U S stmr I>^«ran, for Manila, via Guam.
KAHULUI— Arrived Sept 4-Brig Lurline,
hence Aug 21. Sept 6— Schr Eva. from Eureka.
In port Sept 5 — Schr S T Alexander, ship
Ynyemite. Br l.ark Antiope. gchr Eureka, schr
G W Watson, nchr Emma Claudina.
f-ailM Sept 6— Ship Bangalore, for Phlladel
rhla.
HII>O— Arrived Aug 20-Schr Okanogan. from
Port Townsend.
MAHUKONA— Sailed Sept 4 — Schr John O
North, for Pan Francieco. Sept 7— Brljr Con
puel", for San Francisco.
NEW WHATCOM— Arrived S*pt 21— Br bark
Ixiw Wood, from Victoria.
BOVEX8 LANDING- Arrived Pept 21— Schr
Rrllnnce. hen^-e Fept 19.
PORT BRAGG- Arrived Sept 21— Stmr Noyo,
hence Srin 20.
vr.NTlRA-FailM Sept 21-Schr Ant»lop<»,
for «'nnuill* River; utmr South Coast, for .
BRISTOL HAY— Sailed Aug 25— Bark Will W
rat*, for Fan FranclFco. Aug S^t^Schr Pros
i p*r, for San Francisco; ship Eclips*. for Pan
Francisco. Aug 31-Ship Oriental, for San
Francisco. Sept 1— Ship Tacoma, for San Fran
cisco; bark Chas B Kenney, for San Francisco;
bark B P Cheney, for fun Francisco. Sept E —
Phir> Bohemia, for San Francisco. Sept 6 — Ship
Servia, for Sail Francisco. Sept 7— Ship St
Nlcholan: strr.r President, for San Francisco.
Sept 9— Ship Indiana, for San Francisco.
SAX rEDKO-Sailed Sept 2<y-Stmr Grace
Dollar, for San Francisco.
STEWARTS POINT— Sailed Sept SI— Schr
Archie and Fontie, for San Francisco.
SEATTLE— Arrived Sept 21-Stmr J S Klm
ball, from Nome; Br Ptmr Utopia, from Skag
uay. Sept 10— Ship Luclle. hence Aug }2; schr
A M Baxter, from San Pedro.
Sailed Sept 20— Stmr St Paul, for San Fran
cigco; Nor stmr Kvarven. for St Michael; etmr
Elihu Thomson, for Cape Nome.
Sailed Se^t 21— Bark Mermaid, for Valdez.
rOItT TOWXSEN'D- PaBsed In Sept 21— Stmr
Aberdeen, from Skairuay. for Seattle.
Arrived Sept 21— Ship Iroquols, from Hono
lulu.
Arrived Pi.pt 21— Stmr Chas Nelson, from Cape
Nome; stmr Kvichak. from Bristol Bay.
FOREIGN PORTS. *
PAGO PAGO— Arrived Sept 4— Schr Compe«r,
henco July 30.
APIA— In port Sept 4— Fr war itmr Protet,
froni Honolulu
CIIEMAIXUS— Sailed Sept 20-Schr Transit,
for Sydney.
GUATMAS— Arrived Sept 17— Schr Zampa.
from Grays Harbor.
SANTA ROSALIA— In port Sept 17— Br ship
Ardeneralg, Br ship Marion Llghtbody,- Br ship
Poltalloch. Br ship Dunsyre. Br ship Ben Lee.
Ur ship Andrada, Ger bark Pallas, Ger ship
MaifwD, Ger ship Olga. Ger ship Antltrone, Ger
bark Edmund. All ship* but Poltalloch and
Durpyre go north. First two unfixed.
MELBOURNE — Arrived Sept 20— Br ihlp
Drummuir, from Chemainue.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
HAVRE— Arrived Sept 21— Stmr La Breta«ne,
from New York.
SOUTHAMPTON-Sailed Sept 21— Stmr Co
lumhia. from Hamburg, for New York, via
Cherbourg.
BOSTON— Arrived Sfpt 21— Stmr Sylvania,
from Liverpool.
HAMBl'IKi— Arrived Sept 21— Stmr Auguste
Victoria, from New York, via Plymouth.
MOVILLE— Arrived Sept 21— Stmr State of
Nebraska, from New York, for Glasgow, and
proceeded.
CHERBOURG— Sailed S»pt 21— Stmr Colum
bfa. from Hamburg, for New York.
BOULOGNE— Sailed Sept 21— Stmr Bslgravla,
from Hamburg, for New York.
TO ARRIVE,
Steamer Movements.
» ere lively time? on the mp.il 1
Moana during the run of thai
: ¦¦ : fn m Auckland^ N. Z.. to San Fran-
One of the possessors objected to
in. inging of "Gcd Save the Queen.'" i
a rio« nearly resulted. As a result !
the trouble the Kuiky passenger and]
husband were placed at a lable by !
fives am! werj ostracised during the |
• muindcr «>f the voyage.
J. Oration Grey was employed on i
"Hansard." the official record of the New !
: •.¦..<::.! Government. While so employed, i
s asserted, he wrote letters to a New j
York I'ajier criticizing the action of Ilia!
h Government In the South African |
A 1'arlimemary investigation was
; . : ur.J Grey was askeu for his resigna
rom Wellington. N. Z.. Grey and his
life went to Auckland and took passage
¦ :i Lisa Moana for San Francisco. Durinjj
ike run to Samoa a concert was given
a:.J following the custom on all British
rhips. "(Jod Save the C/ueen" was sung
at the end of the programme. This cMu
not ulea«e Mrs. Grey and she walked out J
of the (social hall during the slrging. I
l'rom that time on U;e Greys were jusi
tolerated by the rest «>f the passengers.
A day't hail from Apfa L>r. F. Eel!, an
American, was prevailed upon to give a
lecture. Grey ami bis wife attended, bu'
:i?>. ried that the understanding was that
" liod Save th" Queen" was not to !jt
sung. At the < -i: d of the lecture Rev. J. B.
M-'havey <if Sydney. N. S. W.. pol up and
beean singing the British national an
them. Then Mrs; Grey waxed wroth and
::: ;i '^ud roice declared In no very choice
111 ir':ase that In her opinion «"' British
ers ¦core laekinp In courage. It was paid .
Fhe insulted Qus>-n Yi<-v ::a. Tlien there {
was an uproar. .1. XV. Rice, an Auckland
passenger, took up t!.»- battle and Grey
nr. J . hi> wife were nearly mobbed:
The :.. v; day there v us an Investiga
tion before Captain Carey. Mrs. tJcey
apologized to the captain for her conduct.
l>i:t refused point hlanYn. to apologize to
"Nearly «-\.ry passenger ahr.ard is a]
K-iiish subject* ' answered <"aptain Carey,
"and jrvj liavf arounded them in a tender
spot. You must apologize «>r ebse take a
i .!- by yourselves. Every person aboard
fiiie of the oncers refuses to associate j
with you."
Mrs. Grey »m;ld not apologize and in |
0 : . ->-.-jjience duri!;K the remainder «f the
voyage Fhe ate h*»r meals alone or In
company of ber husband. They came !
ashore yesterday as soon as the quaran
•rss raised <¦!} the Moana and went to
the Occidental Hotel.
Mr. Grey said last nig-ht thnt th<» nffair
had been greatly exasperated by the
?-¦:'-am=J;ip officials and some of the pas
f< nirers.
I*bere were a lot of Jingoes on board."
5,--i'i be, "and their maninr was rnnugh
to make us Leave the room. They wanted ;
• be singing "God Save the Queen' at j
1 reakfast, dinner and supper and we sim
ply tired of it.
t ••It'*; rii^J't to sinp a national a!r on a
particular occasion, but as for having it
n the mouth* of those about you two
thirds of i ht- time. w»» thought there was
occasion for it and my wife, rather
than listen to the constant repetition of
the Fonjr. !eft the room. I did not hear
her pass any uncomplimentary words
; ! - ut the Queen, and 1 am quite sure that
Ftatemest is fa's*. The captain did not
I us to remain by ourselves after the
¦ ¦ Iwxle. ,^"e chrB<» seclusion on our own
The Moana made a fair ran from the
roll nies. Among her rarco was i2.."j00.<XK)
a treasure. Th» only passeneers from
lonolulu were <'aptain and Miles
<; four children. Captain Miles had a j
Fpedal permit to travel to San Francisco i
the Moana.
GEBMAN TRANSPORT TO SAIL.
Samoa Takes on Board Eigrht Hun
dred and Fifty Head of Horses.
'' ith !itt!e or no trouble K/i head of
¦ -fins were put aboard the transport Sa
tnoa ye-i. -rday. The vessel is a Britisher.
Ebe is under charter to the German
overnment and In company with the
RoFnla, AUsIa; ?Curnberg and Frankfurt
: carry ravalry mounts to China for
¦ : • German army. The Frankfurt arrived
Fterday from Vladivostok, and outside
(• Algoa antl Bosnia is the larp«st
_i .: steamer that has ever com** to San
Krancisco. She and the other vessels of
•¦ ¦ fleet will get away next week.
here was no trouble in setting the S50
horses aboard the Samoa. The young |
I iralked aboard as though they had j
been us*>d to the performance all their
There is one thins aboard the
-hips, however, that is liable to make
trouble bffore. the voyage Is over. None
iho Etalla stv jiadded and many ot
t tl e borses will be badly scarred if rough
P' • ather is experienced.
i the case of the Bosnia it is likely j
n be several days before she is ready to I
i.'ik^ her cars^o. An examination yester* I
Caj- Bbowed iJ:nt the three or four thou
r.-;::d tons of coal she has aboard "was
boated. In consequence the vessel will
1 ave tn K r, to the Rolling Mills and dis
cVnrc* *nd thea receive a thorough over
hau'.int: there. It is a lucky thint? for
all concerned that the heating of the coal
¦was discovered before the vef5el went to
F'-?. Had It hny«r>er,p(l whi> on the road
to China every horse atjoard would have
perished.
Wreck cf the May Flint Sold.
United Stat-s Oommififioner Morse yes
terday so!.] at auction the \«rr<-rk of' the
May Flint for $4O1 to O*»org«? Roeth of j
Oakland. The pro- *»«d» were turned into
the 1'nited States District Court.
Water Front Notes.
A fl^'t of six EUgar hosts and th» Rrit- i
ish ship Ppeke from N'ew< astle were out-
Firfe m sundown last nijrht. The ship '
Km;ly F. Whitney from Honolulu, the j
Falls of Clyde and Edward May from
Hilo. th<; Mohican. B. G. \Vilde r atxl S. "»'. !
r'Hstie from Honolulu were all in the off
ins and awaitir.p a chance to come in.
The shin Wachusett. now overdue at
Kahului from Newcastle. N. R. w.. has 1
Woman Refused to Sing "God Save the Queen"
and the Passengers Ostracised Her.
The first board of governors of the Pa
cific Commercial Museum was elected by
the promotion committee at a meeting
held yesterday afternoon at the rooms of
the San Francisco Board of Trade. The
members selected are: Henry F. Allen,
Alexander Wallace. Wakefleld Baker,
Professor George Davidson, F. W. Dohr
raann, Edward Everett, Joseph D. Grant,
M. Greenebaum, Charles Holbrook, A. J.
Hochtman, K. M. Herrick. Rufus P. Jen
nings, Herbert Kullman, E. R. Ltilenthal,
Irving M. Scott, A. Sbarboro, A. Schilling,
R. P. Schwerin, F. J. Symmes, Isaac Up
ham and A, A. Watklns. In addition to
these the president of the University of
California and the dean of the College of
Commerce of the University of California
are ex-ofliclo members of the governing
board. This makes a body of twenty
three in all that will have supervision of
the affairs of the museum.
The plan of organization which was
adopted some time apo by the promotion
committee provided for the election of a
president and three vice presidents. The
question was raised yesterday whether
there was not a conflict in terms, for the
provisions also Included the power to
elect an executive governor to preside at
all meetings and to have charge of the
actual work of the museum. The ques
tion was also discussed whether the pres
ident and the three vice presidents should
be elected from the membership of the
board of governors. These matters will
be discussed at a meeting to be held by
the board of governors next Wednesday
afternoon at 3 o'clock.
There was but one ticket for members
of the board of governors, that one having
been prepared by a committee consisting
of Samuel Sussman. Rodgers, F.
W. Dohrmann, P. C. Rossi and Lippmaji
Sachs The report was auopted and the
nominations were unanimously ratified
upon motion of W. R. Wheeler. The pro
motion committee will be continued, it
having been so decided by vote. Presi
dent Benjamin Ide Wheeler presided.
Report of the" Nominating Committee
Was Adopted Unanimously.
But One Ticket Was in
the Field.
Body Will Have Supervision
Over the Affairs of the
Institution.
NEW COMMERCIAL
MUSEUM ELECTS
ITS GOVERNORS
"Founder's day," the anniversary of the
day upon which James Lick executed the
deed of trust providing for the endowment
of the California School of Mechanical
Arts, was duly observed at the Lick
School both yesterday morning and after
noon. Since the opening of the school In
1895 it has been the custom to observe this
day In an appropriate manner, not, how
ever, as is usually customary in such
cases— by making it a day of vacation — but
on the contrary making it a day of work;
and study, thereby affording all inter
ested in the school an opportunity to see
the institution in working order.
The morning hours were given over en
tirely to pupils, teachers and directors
of the school. The afternoon belonged to
the public, and several hundred visitors
took advantage of the general Invitation
extended to visit the Institution.
At 11:30 yesterday morning the shrill
blast of the whistle sounded the signal
which called all to leave work and pro
ceed to the freehand drawing rooms to
meet the board of directors. Horaoe
Davis, president of the board, and Charles
A. Murdock were the speakers of the
morning. In a neat little five-minute ad
dress President Davis complimented both
teachers and pupils and took occasion to
refer to the school as the great "living
monument to the memory of James
Lick." Charles A. Murdock spoke of the
advantages of practical education and
presented each student with a neat little
leaflet filled with gems of thought bear
ing on the subject of success and how to
achieve it.
In the afternoon a commute* of stu
dents took charge of the many visitors
and escorting them through the school
building explained the working of the
various departments. The following
young ladies and gentlemen graciously
fulfilled the duties of a reception commit
tee:
Miss Du Bols '(chairman). Miss Camp
bell. Miss llucks. Miss Bellman. Miss
Woodsum, and Masters Burieau. Jones,
Drummond, Gamble, Alexander, Gladwin,
Monaco and Short.
The board of trustees of the school la
as follows: E. B. Pond. Charles A. Mur
dock. Frank J. Symmes. Horace Davis,
president, and James Spiers, vice presi
dent.
Committee of Gracious Students Show
the Visitors Through the Vari
ous Departments of the
Institution.
President Davis and Direc
tor Murdock Address *
the Pupils.
FOUNDER'S DAY
DULY OBSERVED
AT LICK SCHOOL
DRAMATIC SCENES ON THE
OCEANIC STEAMSHIP MOANA
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 22, 1900.
TO SAIL.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United State* Coast and Geodetic Survey —
Times and Heights of High and Low
"Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Franclfco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE. — The hleh and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five mtnutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide Is the name at both places.
SATURDAY. SEPTEMBER 22.
Mr.
7
Steamer. I Destination. I Sail*. I Pier.
'
1
X. Mam.... JChlna&JapanjSep. 22. 1 pm PMS9
Santa RosafSan D1*ko |S*p. 12. 11 am Pier 11
O. Dollar.. (Grays HarborlSep. 22 |
Eureka ... Humboldt Sep. 22. 10 am Pier 13
UmatlUa .. Victoria Sep. 23. 11 am Pier 9
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena.. Sep. 24, 2 pm Pier 2
Coo* Bay..lN*wport Sep. 24. 9 am Pier 11
Columbia ..tPortland ISep. 25. 11 am Pier 24
Pomona ...(Humboldt !Sep. 25. 2 pm Pier 9
Rival jWlllapa ISep. 26, 6 pm Pier 2
Corona ...iBan Diego iSep. 2«. 11 am Pier 11
Arcata ...JCoos Ray ISep. 27, 12 mlPler 15
Craitr.a ...!Spattl»- (Sep. 27 (Pier 6
Colon lN>w York ISep. 2S. 12 mlPMSS
City PueblalVlctorla l^ep. 28. 11 amIPler 9
Bonlta .... | Newport | Sep. 28, 9 am|Pler 11
Steamer. I From.
I Due.
. 1 .
City Rio de JanlChlna and Japan
Grace Dollar. ..ISan Pedro
<"V>n« Bay 'Newport
Tellus jOyster Harbor
Robt. Adamson ! N'analmo
Rival jWlllapa Harbor
.... Taroma ..................
Columbia I Portland
Czarina ! Seattle
Willamette jSeattle
St. Paul ;Cape Nome
Corona ISan DleKO
<*ity of Puebla.) Victoria
Pomona ¦ H u mbold t
Arcata iCooe Bay
| — "'
..ISep. 22
..(Sep. 22
..)Sep. 22
.. Sep. 22
.. Sep. 22
.. Sep. 23
. . Sep. 23
.. Sep. 24
.. Sep. 24
.. Sep. 24
.. Sep. 2<
.. Sep. 24
.. Sep. 24
..[Sep. 24
..iPep. 25
Harracouta . . . . | Acapulco
Mackinaw | Peat tie
Newburg (Grays Harbor
ttnnlta I Newport
Kureka !Humboldt...»
Empire Coos Bay...:
.. Sep. 25
.. Sep. 26
.. Sep. 26
.. Sep. 26
..Sep. 26
.. Sep. J6
Point Arena {Point Arena
-Crescent City.. 'Crescent City
State of Cal (Portland
Del Norte 'Portland
MIneola INanaimo
North Fork ....iHumbolrit
Curacao | Mexico
Santa Hosa !San Difgo
.. Sep. 21
.. Sep. 27
.. Sep. 27
. . Sep. 27
.. Sep. 27
.. Sep. 27
.. Rep. 2S
.. Sep. 2S
Sun
Sun
Moor
rises 5 :."> 7
sets 6:07
n rises 4:50 a. m.
0
K
22 ...
23 ...
2* ...
26 '.'.'.
27 ...
28 ...
ITime Time Time Time
I Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
It, w H w L W h W
. 4:10 1.0 10:48 5.3 4:29 1.4 10:59 6.0
. 4:40 1.3 11:16 5.4 5:13 1.1 11:41 4.S
. 5:08 1.6 11:43 C.4 5:47 0.9
|H W L W II W L. W
. 0:24 4.7 6:35 1.9 ]2:0S 5.3 6:20 0.7
. 1:07 4.5 6:03 2.2 12:32 5.2 6:59 0.*
. 1:55 4.3 8:36 2.5 12:58 5.2 7:41 0.5
. 2:4? 4.1 7:15 2.8 1:28 5.1 8:30 0.6
Sun
Sun
Moor
rises 5 :."> 7
sets 6:07
n rises 4:50 a. m.
0
K
22 ...
23 ...
2* ...
26 '.'.'.
27 ...
28 ...
ITime Time Time Time
I Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
It, w H w L W h W
. 4:10 1.0 10:48 5.3 4:29 1.4 10:59 6.0
. 4:40 1.3 11:16 5.4 5:13 1.1 11:41 4.S
. 5:08 1.6 11:43 C.4 5:47 0.9
|H W L W II W L. W
. 0:24 4.7 6:35 1.9 ]2:0S 5.3 6:20 0.7
. 1:07 4.5 6:03 2.2 12:32 5.2 6:59 0.*
. 1:55 4.3 8:36 2.5 12:58 5.2 7:41 0.5
. 2:4? 4.1 7:15 2.8 1:28 5.1 8:30 0.6
Steamer. I Destination. I Sail*. I Pier.
'
1
X. Mam.... JChlna&JapanjSep. 22. 1 pm PMS9
Santa RosafSan D1*ko |S*p. 12. 11 am Pier 11
O. Dollar.. (Grays HarborlSep. 22 |
Eureka ... Humboldt Sep. 22. 10 am Pier 13
UmatlUa .. Victoria Sep. 23. 11 am Pier 9
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena.. Sep. 24, 2 pm Pier 2
Coo* Bay..lN*wport Sep. 24. 9 am Pier 11
Columbia ..tPortland ISep. 25. 11 am Pier 24
Pomona ...(Humboldt !Sep. 25. 2 pm Pier 9
Rival jWlllapa ISep. 26, 6 pm Pier 2
Corona ...iBan Diego iSep. 2«. 11 am Pier 11
Arcata ...JCoos Ray ISep. 27, 12 mlPler 15
Craitr.a ...!Spattl»- (Sep. 27 (Pier 6
Colon lN>w York ISep. 2S. 12 mlPMSS
City PueblalVlctorla l^ep. 28. 11 amIPler 9
Bonlta .... | Newport | Sep. 28, 9 am|Pler 11
Steamer. I From.
I Due.
. 1 .
City Rio de JanlChlna and Japan
Grace Dollar. ..ISan Pedro
<"V>n« Bay 'Newport
Tellus jOyster Harbor
Robt. Adamson ! N'analmo
Rival jWlllapa Harbor
.... Taroma ..................
Columbia I Portland
Czarina ! Seattle
Willamette jSeattle
St. Paul ;Cape Nome
Corona ISan DleKO
<*ity of Puebla.) Victoria
Pomona ¦ H u mbold t
Arcata iCooe Bay
| — "'
..ISep. 22
..(Sep. 22
..)Sep. 22
.. Sep. 22
.. Sep. 22
.. Sep. 23
. . Sep. 23
.. Sep. 24
.. Sep. 24
.. Sep. 24
.. Sep. 2<
.. Sep. 24
.. Sep. 24
..[Sep. 24
..iPep. 25
Harracouta . . . . | Acapulco
Mackinaw | Peat tie
Newburg (Grays Harbor
ttnnlta I Newport
Kureka !Humboldt...»
Empire Coos Bay...:
.. Sep. 25
.. Sep. 26
.. Sep. 26
.. Sep. 26
..Sep. 26
.. Sep. J6
Point Arena {Point Arena
-Crescent City.. 'Crescent City
State of Cal (Portland
Del Norte 'Portland
MIneola INanaimo
North Fork ....iHumbolrit
Curacao | Mexico
Santa Hosa !San Difgo
.. Sep. 21
.. Sep. 27
.. Sep. 27
. . Sep. 27
.. Sep. 27
.. Sep. 27
.. Rep. 2S
.. Sep. 2S
AMUSEMENTS.
ALF ELLXNGIIOUSE. Lessee and Manager.
Phone. South 770.
LAST TIMES,
MATINEE TO-DAT AND TO-NIGHT.
FcRRIS M/\F^T/V\/\IM
WITH
SHIR AHOY!
The Nautical Farcical Success,
lie. 2Cc. lie and 50c.
STARTING ~Tb-MOR ROW,
"SUNDAY" MATINEE.
The N»w York World's Piieeens,
KELLY'S KIDS.
Regular prices: Evenine— 15c, 2oc, Kc» 50o
and Tic. Matinee — 15c. 23c, 35c and 50c.
MATINEE TO-DAT (SATURDAY). Sept. 22.
Parquet. 23c, any seat; balcony, 10c; child-
ren, 10c. any part except reserved.
HIGH CLASS VAUDEVILLE.
JESSIE BARRETT DAVIS.
JOHNSTONE BROTTrEP.?. McCAWS
AND DANIELS. OZAV AND DELMO,
YOUNG AMERICA QUINTETTE. 1
QUER1TA VINCENT. JOHNSON' AND
DEAN. MANSFIELD AMI WILBUR, ¦
AMERICAS EIOGRAPH. ¦
COLUMBIAN
MATINEE TO-DAY.
TO-NIGHT AND SUNDAY-LAST TIMES.
CLAY U. R.
CLEMENT STOCKWELL
And a Ftron* company, r re sen? ing th»
GREAT DOUBLE BILL.
"THE BELLS."
And Dion Boucicault's powerful on»-act p!ay.
NAPOLEON^S GUARD.
Next Week— Rsvlral of tSe Fopular Comedy,
"THE MAGISTRATE."
L. R. Stockwell In the Title Role.
GRAND OPERA HOUSE
MATINEE TO-DAT AND TO-MORROW.
NEWrilMwf fc,l£ H PANY
LAST TWO NIGHTS OF
QUO VADIS.
Introducing In the Arena Scene
ADGIE'S LIONS.
MONDAY "BLUE JEANS."
Erening Prices 10c. 15c. 25c. SOs
A Few Front Rows In Orchestra. 75c.
Matlne* Price* 10c, Vie, Be. EOc No higher.
.Branch Ticket Office. EmDorlura.
Grand Reopening and First Ap-
pearance In America of
Azzali Italian Grand Opera Co.
SUNDAY NIGHT. SEPT. 23, IN
"OTELLO."
Monday. Friday. "CARMEN"; Tuesday.
"AIDA"; "Wednesday Nleht and Saturday
Matinee. "TRAVIATA"; Thursday and Sun-
day Night. "OTELLO."
POPtTLAR PRICES— Night. 25c. JOc. 7Sc.
Matlne«. 25c. 50c
Laughing Week Now On.
A BRAND NEW FARCE.
"The Widow's Husband"
SPECIAL ENGAGEMENT OB"
Fun From Ris* to Fall of Curtain.
Seats now ready for ne*t w»elc — "HIS JAP-
ANESE WIFE."
CHUTES and ZOO
EVERT AFTERNOON AND EVENWO.
AQUATIC SPORTS ON THE LAKE.
SPECIAL TO-NIGHT :
GRAND CAKEWALK
IN CONJUNCTION WITH
BIG VAUDEVILLE SHOW I
Telephone for seats— Park 23.
BASEBALL!
Sacramento
V8.
Oakland.
TO-DA Y AT 3 P. M.
SUN DA Y AT 2:3O F. M.
i RECREATION PARK
1 JO* hth and HarrUaa Strtota.
ADVERTISEMENTS. [ °* ¦"'¦¦'_¦ i
"absolute security.
Genuine GARTER'S LITTLE LIVER PILLS most
-bear signature of /&****££*£<
?wy «sr*«Jl ¦¦< a.* e*LS7
t» Cake am amgaxw
see ISSfSSISSSSS: seb
GENUINE if SVkR SSKKSSl GEMDINE
§1 pji j e 1 FOR CONSTIPATION
WBAPPFP I Ml FOR SALLOW SKIM. WPAPPFB
WKAtTfcK lUbdl Iron the complexion "KArrM
* OUMUIMfl MUST *UV*UONATV*C.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
PIANOS
WE ARE HEADQUARTERS FOR
Knabe, Blasius, Fischer, Ma-
son & Hamlin and many
others. '
Remember, we carry the
largest stock to select from,
and our prices and terms are
always the best. See us before
you purchase. We .will save
you money.
K0HLER& CHASE,
The Big- Music House,
SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
KEARNT AND WASHINGTON BTS.— RE-
modeled and renovated. KING. WARD A
CO. European clan. ' Rooms. 60c to $1 60 day;
(5 to $3 week; $8 to (20 month. Free baths; hot
and cold water every room; lire grates In every
room; elevator runs all night.
lIPY MEN
tll^3CTffl LOST VIGOR
©ija; «S^ \l RESTORED!
ipHu wJ Cill or write for book, fr»».
Ipl^^l DR. COOPER & CO.,
#>iP^ 318 Ke * rn y 8tre «t.
San Francisco, Cal.
AMUSEMENTS.
SUTRO BATHS.
—OPEN NIGHTS—'
Open dally from 7 a. m. to 11 p. m.
tndfjrtfrMHii . Bathing- from 7 a. m. to 10 p. m.
ADMISSION. 10c. CHILDREN. 6c.
. Bathing. Including admission, 25c; children, 20c
AMUSEMENTS.
EXHIBITION GROUNDS,
Sixteenth and Folsom Streets.
This Afternoon at 2. To-Night at 8
And Twice Dally Until September 2S.
B BROS.
wigb^yfeSyjEjau VJ n C /"% 1 I— »«*3 I
The Biggest Combined Menagerie, Hippodrome
and Arenic Exhibition in the World.
20 Camels.
1OO Feature Acts.
Glorious Introductory Military Spectacle.
GREAT THREE-RING CIRCUS.
All Kinds of Trained Animal Sensations!
Admission. 60c: Children under 12 years, 2Jc
Reserved Numbered Seats and Admissions
during the entire engagement at Sherman. Clay
& Co." s Music Store, corner Kearny and Sutter
sts. Unlike other shows, prices at downtown
office are the came as charged at ticket wagon
show grounds.
TWO ENORMOUS OPERATIC TRIUMPHS.
Matinee To-day and Sunday Nleht.
"TROVATORE."
LAST TIME TO-NIGHT OF
| FAUST."
NEXT WEEK.
"TANNHAUSER." "BARBER OF SEVILLE."
25c and 50o-POPUL,AR TRICES-25C and 50c.
Telephone. Bush 9 {
RACING! RACING!
I California Jockey Club Track, T"
OAKLAND.
GOLDEN GATE FAIR
ASSOCIATION,
DISTRICT No. L
ANNUAL FAIR!
Four or More Runnlnf Races and
Two Harness Race* Each Day.
GRAND STOCK PARADES.
OPENING DAT
SATURDAY. September 22,
Continuing Seven Days.-
ADMISSION 5O CENTS.
RACING! RACING!
TANFORAN FAIR
OPENS MONDAY, .SEPTEMBER 24.
CONTINUES TWO WEEKS.
NEW AND INTERESTING FEATURES WILL
1!E GIVEN EACH DAT.
Grandest Exhibit of Prize Stock Ever Shown in
California.
HARNESS RAwING !
HORSE SHOW EXHIBIT
AND OTHER ATTRACTIONS.
See printed cntalopu* for complete programme.
Trains leave Third and Townsend Streets
every hour from 10:40 to 1:30 p. m.
HENRY J. CROCKER. President.
GEORGE A. NEWIIALL. Secretary.
FT^flHFR'S CONCERT HOUSti.
rlDt/nUn O Admission 10;.
Hanlon Sk Slnzer, Paul La Crolx. Mae. Tunl-
¦on, J. F. Veaco, Eudora Forde, L. C. Beban.
Olive Valt. Pearl Hickman and the New Mov-
tc» Pictures.
Reserved Seats, lie; Matinee Sunday.Iroquois Club to Act as Escort.
Thfc Iroquois Club held its regular week
ly riveting at Pythian Castle last nigh 1 -
A discussion was held on the proposed
constitutional amendments. A delegation
was selected to attend the bulls' head
breakfast to be given at Martinez on tho
29th inst. by the Iroquols oranch club of.
that city. The club will meet at the Cali
fornia Hotel at 7:30 o'cIock this evening
and escort Charles A. Towne to tne Me
chanics' Pavilion, where he will take part
in the opening event of the Democratic
campaign.
AEEEST OF IMPOSTOR
WHO DREW SOLDIER'S PAY
Prisoner Says He Took the Money by
Mistake, but He Is
Locked Up.
George Haley, the man who lmperson-
ated Private W. Donnelly of the Ninth
Infantry and drew the latter's pay,
amounting to $118, after bunkoing Lieu
tenant Collins, the identifying officer, was
arrested yesterdav evening by Policemen
Murphy and Odson at Harbor View. The
policemen were accompanied by Lieuten
ant Collins, who recognized the man and
pointed him out.
Haley confessed his guilt and says he
simply took what was handed to him. He
claims he did not know that the money
was due Donnelly. The prisoner was
turned over to the military authorities
and lodged in the guardhouse at the Pre
sidio.
Minister Dudley Sails.
PANAMA. . Sept. 21.— Irving B.. Dudley,
United States Minister to Peru, has left
for New. York on the Advance*
JAPANESE DRILL BY
EASTEBN STA_t I__D_ES
A Delightful Entertainment by Mem-
bers of King Solomon Chapter
in Franklin Kail.
One of the most delightful entertain
ments ever given in Franklin Hall, on
Fillmore street, was the one held last
evening by King Solomon Chapter of the
Order of the Eastern Star. The^iall was
crowded, and for the entertainment of
those assembled there was a programme
that had for its feature a drill by sixteen
young ladies in Japanese costume. The
drill corps was composed of Mrs. Harry
Baehr, Mrs. J. Dawson.Miss Mae O'Keefe,
Mrs. L. Wrenn, Miss Ivy Perkins, Miss
Kthel Booker, Miss Letltia Blade, Miss
Daisy Doud, Miss Gertie Kommer, Mrs. E
Hobbs, Miss L. Hobro, Miss Gertrude Hill,
Miss Lilian Dunbar, Miss Gertie Ayer,
Miss May Foster and Miss Alma McPhun.
The following were the other numbers:
Piano solo, Mrs. S. Newman; song, Mrs.
James Igo; barytone solo, Ben L. Tarbox;
piano solo. Miss Helen Dodd; song and
dance. Miss Ethel Brown; male quartet,
selected: song. Miss Charlotte J. Morris;
violin solo. Miss Edna Cadwalader.
C?he Day's Dead
LEWIS JACOBS.
Bank of San Bernardino.
PpeciaJ tisjatch to Th<? Call.
Sudden Passing of the Head of the
SAX BERNARDINO, Sept. 21.—Tele
grams received from N>w York announce
the sudden oeath there of Lewis Jacobs
of this city, president of the Bank of San
Bernardino and one of San Bernardino's
oldest citizens. Mr. Jacobs and daughter.
Miss Lena Jacobs, went to Europe last
fcpring for a visit to the Paris Exposition
and a general tour of Europe, and both
enjoyed the best of health on the entire
trip. On their arrival this morning at
>.ew -York Miss Jacobs telegraphed that
her father was taken suddenly ill. This
dispatch was followed by a later one an
nounclng his death. The body will be
brought here for burial.
1 *^ Jacobs was born in Prussia in
3831. He emigrated to America when 20
years of age and came to San Bernar
dino In lSo2, when this was a part of Los«
Angeles County. The young man started
out with a pack on his back to make a
living and succeeded so well that he soon
started a general store in this city, then
a mere settlement. In 1ST5 he sold the
Ftore and started the first bank in San
Bcrnard.no, having for a partner Lewie
Meyerstein cf San Francisco. This ven
ture was very successful and a few years
ago the partnership was dissolved, Mr
Jacobs becoming the sole owner of the
institution.
Mr. Jacobs was a man of generous im
pulse and his deeds of charity were nu
merous but not ostentatious. He held the
office of treasurer of the Masonic Lodre
frcm its organization to his death and
was a prominent member of the Odd Fel
lows, Knights of Pythias. B'nai B'rlth
and Chosen Friends. He leaves four
oaughters-Mrs. O«c_r Newburg of San
Bernardino, Mrs. H. Roman of San Fran
cisco, Mrs. S. Polaskl of Los Angeles and
l^na Jacobs of this city.
H. H. Campbell.
PRESCOTT. Ariz., Sept. 21.— H. H.
Campbell, a millionaire attorney of Bos
ton, who has been spending the past year
In Prcscott, died very unexpectedly last
nifht. He was a victim of consumption
tut was apparently no woree than usual'
when he retired at 9 o'clock. An hour
later the nurse discovered that he was
dead. The remains will be chipped to
Boston for interment.
Mrs. Esther Ann Packwood.
Epccifc! Dispatch to The Call.
Dr. Lewis Albert Bayer.
Special Dieratch to The Call.
SANTA CRUZ, Sept. 31.— Mrs. Esther
Ann Packwood is dead. She. was a native
of Ohio and S2 years of age. She leaves
iwo daughters— Mrs. E. A. Ward and Mrs
H. D. iieal— aod a son, Samuel L. Pack
wood.
NEW TORK. Sept. 21.— Dr. Lewis Albert
Bayer, one of the most famous surgeons of
this country, died at his home In this city
to-day. He was a years old.
LONDON. Sept. 21.— A flood of election
manifestos appear in the morning papers.
The Conservatives, under the lead of Mr.
Balfour and Mr. Chamberlain, give the
successful war the first place In their
campaign. Sir Henry Campbell-Banner
man. Liberal leader in the House of Com
mons, and Sir William Vernon Harcourt
in their addresses denounce the unprece
dented precipitancy of a dissolution in or
der to snatch a hasty Judgment on an in
complete register of voters.
Sir William Vernon Harcourt refuses
to regard an "ephemeral war" as the sole
test of good government, declaring that,
although from the moment of the Boer
invasion he had supported the Govern
ment, he has not changed his original
opinion that the needed reforms might
have been attained without war.
"The result of the Government's policy,"
says Sir William, "is that we are now
the best hated country in the world and
burdened with an accumulated debt and
an increased taxation. We may well re
gard our national finance with the gravest
apprehension. The cost of the war will
not fall far short of £100,000,000."
Sir Henry Campbell-Bannerman dwells
¦upon the "failure of the Government's
diplomacy and preparations for war" and
upon the "miscalculation of Boer
strength."
Ho contends that the struggle might
have been avoided and points out that
there has been a series of difficulties all
over th» world since the Government came
into offlce. Dealing with home reforms,
Sir Henry says:
"Above all stands the necessity of read
justing the powers of the two chambers
in order to prevent the people's ascertain
ed will from being set at naught by irre
sponsible authorities."
Liberals and Conservatives
Arguing as to Neces
sity for It.
BOER WAR A
POLITICAL ISSUE
IN ENGLAND
CAPTAIN CRAWFORD WILL
RECITE ORIGINAL POEM
Programme Completed for Garfield
Memorial Exercises at Golden
Gate Park To-Morrow.
A meeting of the joint committee ap
pointed to arrange for the Garfleld me
morial exercises to-morrow was held last
night at the California Hotel. Captain
Jack Crawford, the poet-scout, was'ele.ct
ed poet and will recite an original poem
at the exercises in Golden Gate Park.
Colonel Henry I. Kowalsky will deliver
the oration. The available troops at the
Presidio, consisting of the four companies
of the Eighteenth Infantry and one com
pany of the Twenty-fourth Infantry, will
be in the parade, which will form at 1
o'clock at the Eighth avenue and Fulton
street entrance to the park.
A resolution was adopted directing that
all citizens desirous ol participating re
port at the terminus of the Sutro electric
line at 1 p. m. and they will be furnished
with badges tree. The grand marshal re
ported that 2ChX) will be in line. The plat
form will be appropriately draped and the
monument decorated. The exercises will
take place at 2 o'clock. The Veteran Re
serves of Oakland will fire the usual sa
lute on this occasion. The committee on
transportation reported that the Sutro
electric and Sutter-street lines had
agreed to put on all the extra cars needed
to carry the various societies to the
Eighth-avenue entrance to the park.
1 WOULD rather be born lucky than
rich," was the remark made by How
ard B. Gale, advance agent of the
"Kelly Kids" Theatrical Company last
night at the Alhambra Theater. Mr
Gale, with Horace G. Sadler, business
manager of the company, left Galveston.
two hours before the outbreak of the
storm, hence his remark, echoed with fer
vor by Mr. Sadler.
"We arrived in Galveston," said Mr.
Gale, "at 12:30 on September 8, the night
before the city was overtaken by the ter
rible windstorm. The appearance of the
sky at that time was threatening. Puffs
of "wind that appeared to gain in strength
as night grew older, were greatly in
evidence. The v sky appeared to have a
greenish hue. and an old sailor on •>«
train with us said that as long as th«
'green woather,' as he calleu it, .asu-u,
the storm would not amount to much;
but if the sky took on a whitish, smoky
appearance, then look out. His words
proved prophetic, for when we went out
on the street the next morning the sky
had the peculiar color which he described.
The puffs of wind of the night before had
increased to a steady blow. Mr. Sadler
and mvself tacked up cards announcing
the arrival of the company on every
available spot, and had our work for
naught, as they were torn" from the walls
and fences, such was the strength of the
wind. We worked for about two hours
and then took the 7:10 a. m. for Houston.
The wind at this time was blowing most
fiercely, but it was not until we were on
the drawbridge connecting Galveston with
the mainland that we were able to appre
ciate the terrific strength of a Texas
southeaster. Ordinarily the bridge can
be crossed In thirty minutes, but we were
an hour and a half in making the trip.
"At 12 o'clock, when we got into Hous
ton, we felt the force of the storm,
though It was two hours later when It
was fiercest. We could not put up any
paper in Houston, as no one could do
any work. We left it behind us and con
tinued our journey, as the small taste
we had of the blow convinced us we were
safer at a distance.
"I happened to be in St. Louis during
the cyclone that caused such ruin a few
years ago, but that experience was not
to be compared with our trip out of Gal
veston." i ¦¦*¦•*
"Swimming in the waters surrounding
the city of Galveston, two days previous
to the outbreak of the storm, Miss Mar
guerite Armitage little thought that
within a few short hours the waves that
then afforded her so much pleasure would
prove her last resting place.
"The house where Miss Armitage lived
was within 300 yards of the beach and
bathing was the principal pastime of the
guests, who were, like Marguerite, act
resses showing at the Mascot Theater.
The building was one of the first to be
engulfed, and its inmates were all
drowned."
The photograph of Miss Armitage was
taken by a friend after she had emerged
from the waters but a day or two before
the awful calamity.
ONE OF THE VICTIMS OF THE GREAT STORM AT GALVESTON AND
ONE OF THE MEN WHO LEFT JUST IN TIME WHILE THE HURRI
CANE WAS RISING.
Special Dispatch to The C-11.
APIA, Samoa. Sept. 7.— Since the transi
tion of the government of this country
from the old, unworkable tripartite con
trol of Great Britain, Germany and the
United States, into the partitioned rule of
Germany and America, political affairs
have run more smoothly and the natives
are settling into quietude and assuming a
spirit of contentment. This is due to the
wise choice of the two Governments in
terested in the appointment by Germany
of President Solf as Governor of Ger
man Samoa and the detailing of Com
mander B. F. Tilley by the United States
Government as commandant of the
United States Naval Station, Tutuila.
The peninsula of Mulinuu has been
rebuilt and is once more the seat of
government. The Samoans of German
Samoa have been aJlowed to form a gov
ernment somewhat after that inaugurated
by Colonel Steinberger in 1S74, though
not on auite such an elaborate scale.
The old House of Nobles has been re
established and the House of Representa
tives still exists. Mataafa has been in
stalled as High Chief and his position is
an advisory one with the Governor, and
the native laws are to be passed through
that official's hands before ilnalpromulga
tion. Tamasese has been appointed
Taimua Sill and resides on Mulinuu and
is a neighbor of Mataafa. Malietoa is
still in Fiji, but a seat in the House of
Nobles has been reserved for him, which
he will occupy on his return several
years hence. The Government offices,
hitherto held by British and Americans,
have been filled with German officials and
the former officials are leaving the coun
try.
The form of government which has been
adopted by CommrJidant Tilley, United
States navy, for the people residing
within the limits of the United States
Naval Station, Tutuila. differs from that
now in force In German Samoa. It is es
sentially a native government, having
the protection and guidance of the United
States. The good judgment exercised by
Commandant Tilley in the appointment
of native chiefs to rule the districts,
counties and towns has given great satis
faction. Every native feels that the rule
of the United States is just. Throughout
the country they speak in praise of it and
are well content. Their relatives in
Upolu and Savaii look with envy upon the
good fortune of the natives of Tutuila and
Manua. The United States Samoans are
encouraged by Commandant Tilley in
habits of industry and learning. Com
mandant Tilley insists that the chiefs
should guard well the sanitary conditions
of the villages and that they should urge
upon the people the necessity of good
roads between the villages. They have
responded enthusiastically to the wish of
the commandant and good roads are being
formed and the native plantations are be
ing increased. It Is intended by the na
tives and it is believed possible by the
commandant that the present form of
government will be self-sustaining, as
far as the natives are concerned. It has
been necessary to deal summarily with
two chiefs who tried to take advantage of
the strength and power given them by the
United States Government.
Rapid progress Is being made with the
coaling station at Pago Pago. The Im
mense steel structure for tne storing of
coal is about completed and the wharf is
being constructed upon the new plans de
signed under the supervision of Com
mandant Tilley. it is estimated that the
new plans have saved the Government
Jo<>,000.
Two Native Chiefs Who Sought to
Make _dght of the Laws Tried
and Severely Pun
ished.
People are Contented and
Becoming More In
dustrious.
NEW REGIME IS
SATISFACTORY TO
THE SAMOANS
HONOLULU. Sept 14.— Judge Reuben
D. Sllllman, Second Circuit Judge, has
tendered his resignation to President Mc-
Kinlcy. The motives are said by the in
cumbent to be a preference for practice
Instead of judicial duties, influenced by
the inadequacy cf the salary. There are
two applicants for the coming vacancy,
George D. Gear and J. DeBolt. Mr. Gear
Is a CaJIfornian and the grandson of
Judge Van ClielT, and his petition to Pres
ident McKinley is signed not only by his
rival, but by the leading members of the
bar. Curiously enough, the contest, if
Fuch it may ho termed, is one between
the Liberal Republicans and the Thurs
tor.ian or "family compact" wins? of the
Republicans. :!ie latter favoring DeBolt.
The want of unity in the Republican par
ty Is apt. not in this respect only, but In
general matters, to steer it to defeat.
Out of the registrations already made
nearly four-fifth are native Hawalians.
many cf whom are willing to Indorse good
Republican nominees, while others feel
Inclined to indorse only Hawaiians for
The Legislature in the hope that the "fam
ily compact" will use their wealth and in
fluence in the Legislature, as has been
done elsewhere.
The Terriiorl.il Convention meets In this
city on The 24th and 2ath instant and
then we shall know more definitely how
we stand. Colonel Sam Parker is almost
certain to receive the nomination for Con
jrressior.a! delegate, and- the general Im
pression of politicians of all creeds is that
he will be elected.
On Monday California's jubilee day
Teas celebrated here by a sumptuous ban
quet at the Hawaiian Hotel, at which,
except for a few minor details, everything:
was imported from the Golden State. As
it was found impracticable to obtain the
polden poppy (Eschscholtzia) our brilliant
< rirnson carnation and the yellow ilimu
were used Instead, and the great bear
Sag was brought into prominent evidence,
blended with the American and Hawaiian
banners and many emblematical signal
f,aes.
Some eighty or ninety Callfornian sons
and tl-eir guests. a!l wearing the golden
hsc'gres, sat around the festive board and
bripht and manly wore they all. While
Governor Dol" was prevented from being
? resent, yet Chief Justice Frear. Judge
_Iorris M. Estee. Hon. Paul Neumann.
Colonel Err.K Captain Merry and many
other? made the evening pass so merrily
•with their speeches*, merry quips and >okes
that the ;ra\pvards had long ceased to
yawn before the g-enial company de
parted
At the ripe ago of S3 Isaac Adams ha?
passed away. He was the oldest part-
Jicwaiian en th« islands. EU11 father was
£n Kng-lish sailor, who fought under Nel
son at Trafalgar and then came her© and
¦w th Young helped to build up Hawaiian
history in the »v\-ir c of those days anj In
lie councils of the native raor.aichs. De
cpns«?d v,£« born in 1!-17 and, it is claim»?J.
invented the Hawaiian flag, al
though others give this credit to his
father, who was thp ;lrs: man to take
a ship from Honolulu ta the Orient with
tbe flatr. As the flag was unknorn at
H<inp-kor.g the ship was compelled to hoist
the British colors before entering.
Tomorrow is national regatta day ami
If this sweltering weather prevails the
aquatic athletes will have a rough time
of it.
The army traiifport Logan with about
1700 men of the First and Second Infan
try arrived liere on the yth and left on
the 12th frr Manila. "While in Honolulu
the roMJers mad<- lively times for the po
lice. A serious riot was narrowly avoided
at the Orpheum Theater or_ the evening
of the 10th. wnrn a varitty actor made
an offensive remark about the soldier?
He propounded a riddle regarding the dif
ference between the soldiers of "7 and
those of to-day, answering- it by saying
that the cldt'.me army man of "America
loueht for liberty, while the poldiw in the
American army fights for money, gets
drunk p.nd ir.Muts women.
The row t'uu followed took all the ef
forts of the Honolulu mounted police and
as many on fool as could be gathered to
prevent the <=old>rs from demolishing the
ineater and doing violence to the actor a
colored man named Hen Wise. The po
lice finally sent to the transport, askinc
a provost puard, which was able to
handle th? anjerry men.
There were many fights In saloons and
one photographer*! window case was bro
ken ax/d robbed, his loss being about $350.
BY HORACE WRIGHT.
Xack of Unanimity in the Republican
Party in the Islands "Will
Probably Cause Its
Defeat.
Does Not Consider the Ha
waiian Bench Sufficiently
Remunerative.
RESIGNATION OF
JUDGE SILLIMAN
IS FORWARDED
It was also decided to give an invita
tion entertainment and dance on the 10th
of November. Committees to make the
necessary arrangements were appointed.
Representatives of the several local
courts of the Independent Order of Fores
ters met last night to take the preliminary
steps for the proper reception of the su
preme officers of the order and representa
tives to the Supreme Court. < which is to
meet In this city in 1902. E. A. Alack. D.
w_«i «-i R - was cnosen chairman and
«-!r a balom on secretary. Various plan?
were discussed to be acted on at a future
Supreme Court of Foresters.
Women clean the streets of Cannes th*»
cleanest towni'ln the worild. annes> the
ST. LOUIS, Sept. 21.-In the destruction
at an early hour to-day of the steamer
War Bagle of the Eagle Packet Company
and the steamer Carrier, operated by the
Calhoun Packet Company, at the foot of
Locust street, one man was burned to
death, another Is missing and a third
painfully Injured and property valued at
$100,000 was destroyed. The wharf boats
Eagle and Illinois were badly damaged
and the cargo of the Carrier, consisting
of wheat, apples and other produce, was
totally, burned. The dead:
JOSEPH SCHULTZ, third clerk of the
War Eagle.
Missing: Henry Holtla of Cincinnati,
second pantryman on the "War Eagle.
Robert Miller, watchman on the War
Eagle, was burned severely about • the
neck and hands.
Twenty passengers, about half the num
ber being women, were asleep on the
Carrier when the fire started and the
crews of both boats barely had time to
run from the boats to the levee before
the flames enveloped the staterooms in
which they had been sleeping. The fire
started at 4 o'clock. The War Eagle had
arrived Thursday morning from Com
merce, Mo., and unloaded her cargo and
would have started back to Commerce
this afternoon. There was no cargo
aboard her.
The Carrier/ a smaller boat, plying be
tween Mosier Landing, 111., and St. Louis,
arrived at 2 o'clock this morning and!
moored beside the War Eagle. On board
her, asleep, were the passengers and crew
and a large cargo. The nre started In
the stateroom of the firemen of the War
I-.agle and is supposed to have been
caused by a spark from a pipe or cigar
ette. The flames soon reached the Car
rier and within half an hour both boats
were burned to the water's edge.
The War Eagle was valued at $60,000
and was not insured. The Carrier a
much smaller boat, was worth $7000, in-
Su^.u J he , da "iage to the wharfboats
and the Carrier's cargo, etc., make up the
remainder pf_the total.
FRENCHMEN WILL RECITE.
Comte Maurice de Pradel "Will Give
an "Audition Dramatique"
at Social Hall.
Comte Maurice de Pradel, lecturer at
the College de France, who Is visiting In
San Francisco, will give a dramatic re
cital at Social Hall next Thursday after
noon at 3 o'clock precisely, in response to
an earnest invitation from his resident
countrymen. M. de Pradel holds a high
position in the French world of letters
« i on i. y as . a lecture r but as a poet of
distinction. His lectures are accounted of
much superior interest and value to those
?£^,i S Jfi 01111^ countryman, Max O'Rell
(Paul Blouet). The Comte de Pradel's
I^osrajnme for the afternoon will be as
li^ U r> e ™^ e ""f^'e: /¦Souvenirs d'Orient."
"f>«m p i.. e / '^ } l J. Uu!ulm » n e <Oe Pradel);
• r-ir 2 ' ' (chef " d 'oeuvre de Victor Hugo)
;^2 : ers 1Ide al!" (melopees choisles ac
?^^-t K e % au ., P'ano)— (a) -Le Vase Brlse."
v& Yeux" (Sully Prudhomme). (c) "La
r! "• !> P° esle Arabe (e) "Le Fleuve des
Ui UTS }Pf "La Vie," poesle couron-
Dee par 1 Academle Francalae (De Pradel).
Property Valued at a Hundred Thou
sand Dollars I>estroyed and
the Crews Placed in
Jeopardy.
Careless Smoking Causes a
Big Fire and Loss
TWO STEAMERS
ARE BURNED AT A
ST . LOUIS WHARF
THE SA2ST FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 22, 1900.
How r ardl B. Gale's Story of How He
Escaped From Qalvestoo Just
In the Nick of Tame.
WILD RIDE THROUGH
FURY OF THE STORM
8
I have given personal inspection to the working of M. I. S. T. on the human system, and
must say that it entirely meets with my professional sanction.
D. H. LOOMIS, Late Demonstrator of Anatomy, Philadelphia Medical College.
WHAT WE GUARANTEE M. I. S. T. No. 2 WILL CURE.
RHEUMATISM, no matter how loo_- standing- . Any case of Inflammation of the Blad-
der or _olarfred Prostate Gland, no matter if the patients ban been for years forced to -*_
a catheter. SYPHILIS IN ANY STAGE. ASY CASE OF DIABETES.
All cases of Impotency that can be cured, and pernianentlj restore yonthfal -iror and
vitality. It is no stimulant. Its effects are permanent and lasting. Will euro any case •*
STRICTURE without local treatment. Will cure any case of Varicocele. Will remove eal
tirelr from the system Cancer and Cancerous Germs.
*n addition to the above. M. I. S. T. No. 2 has cored many cases of Paralysis, Locomotor
Ataxia, Spinal Trouble and apparently incurable diseases of the nerves.
M. I. S. T. has been on the market for over 20 years, and has cured thousands of tu".
!-ers. It is prescribed by leading- physicians allover the country. It Is pleasant to take and
B-Hi E2_i E33S Tj3B absolsr^l/ safe. It never increases or diminishes the action of ;hs
fa . K_JB gL_ K_ Iieart. If you are suffering from any chronic disease yon are nry-d to
I? 8 En& It" w" write to us, ho mattsr how many doctors or klnrfs of nn»<ilcine*~Tcu
U U I ______ have tried without relief W£ GUARANTEE TO CURE YOU
m. ¦«__ ____ ¦___¦ #- hat _ ou m2Lj j n _ge of the Talue of the Great Specific for yonrsel/
wa will send yon one large case by mail FREE, only askiar tha*
wn«n enred yourself yon will recommend it to others. Write confidentially to our medical
4epartment, giving symptoms. $1 per box. or six boxes for $5.
Addresa M. I. S. T. Co., Toledo, 0.
ADVEBTISEMENT5.
Greatest Nerve and Blood Tonic
No. 2. IwL 1b So Th flo-S-
TJNTTED STATES BRANCH.
STATEMENT
—OF THE—
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
—OF THE—
NORTH GERMAN
FiRE INSURANCE COMPANY
OF HAMBURG, GERMANY. ON THE 31ST
day of December, A. D. 1893. and for the
year ending on that day. as made to the
Insurance Commissioner of the State of Cal-
ifornia, pursuant to the provisions cf Sections
610 and 611 of the Political Code, condensed
as per blank furnished by the Commissioner.
ASSETS.
Loans on Bonds and* Mortgages $71.500 00
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company 413.162 50
Cash in Company's Offlce 5,600 2$
Cash in Banks 19,500 44
Interest due and accrued on all Stocks
and Loans 2,437 08
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages 1,279 36
Premiums In due Course of Collection. 143.7SS 0o
Rents due and accrued. Certificate of
Deposit held by United State3 Trus-
tees 64,432 00
Due from other Companies for Rein-
surance on losses already paid 12,625 to
Total Assets J734.3C3 »5
""* LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid $22,240 31
Losses in process of Adjustment or in
Suspense .,... 25.860 37
Losses resisted. Including expenses.... 6,000 Co
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or less, $466,505 39;
reinsurance 50 per cent 233.252 70
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year, J271.86S. 05;
reinsurance pro rata.... „•... 154,431 43
Commissions and Brokerage due and
to become due....*. 34,178 27
Total Liabilities $475,963 63
INCOME. ====______
Net cash actually received for Fire
premiums $604 038 47
Received for interest on Bonds and
Mortgages 4,270 fc>
Received for interest and dividends
on .Bonds. Stocks. Loans and from
all other sources 17 701*6
Received from all other sources *jjj jj
Total Income $626,252 is
EXPENDITURES. =====
Net amount paid for Fire Losses (in- £
eluding $26,947 44, losses of previous f-
years) .................................. $35* 523 »*»
Paid or allowed for Commission "or "'
Brokerage 176 *3S _>
Paid ,for Salaries. Fees and ether
charges for officers, clerks, etc IS 222 al
Paid for State, National and Local •
taxes 12 923 03
All other payments and expenditures.. 24.035 Oi
Total Expenditures .$384,034 to
LOSSES Incurred during the year $373,471 7?
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks *
written during the
year $87,074,579 $858.415 73
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
>'f ar ••-•• 66.328,424 633.906 36
Net amount in force
December 31. 1899.. 57.876.023 * 738.373 44
ADOLPH LOEB, United States Manager.
Subscribed and sworn to before me, this 30lh
day of January. 1900. MARK A. FOOTE.
Notary Public.
WALTER SPEYER,
General Agent for
the Pacific Coast,
225 Sansome St., San Francisco.
CCEAN TBAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
», Steamer* leave Broadway
fch^ wharf, San Francisco:
VyjrW For Alaskan Pert*— 11 a.m.,
rttsS—*'?—. f>ft°nt.T 2;:. i*. Ot. 3.
K»>^j5»V»E_ Chans? to <-rmpariy*a «t»_T-.-
Bgs, MffiJ \Kt^ er * at S J -i.!t>.
f^^Nvili or Victoria, Vanrcuvp-
M^^jpcS^I (V,. C), Port Tow r.send, Se-
L attle. Tacoma, Bverett. Ana-
cortes and N>w Whitcom
"- (Wash.). 11 a. m., September
23. 28. Oct. 3 and every filth day thereafter.
CTianjre at Seattle to this company's steamers
for Alaska and G. N. R'y; at Seattle or Tacoma
to X. P. R'y: at Vancouver to C. P. R'y.
For Eureka. Humboldt Bay — 2 p. m.. Septem-
ber 20. £5. 30, Oct. 5. and every flftli day there-
after.
For Santa Cruz, Monterey, San Simeon. Cayu-
cos. Port Ilarford (San Luis OblyaoV Gaviota.
Santa Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme. San Pedro.
East San Pedro (Los Anrelea) and Newport — 9
a. m.. Seutember JO, 24. 23, Oct. 2, and every
fourth day thereafter.
For San I>teso, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San _u!s Oblspo). Santa Barbara, Port
Los Aneeles and Rednndo (Los Angeles)— 11 a.
m.. September 22, 26. SO, Oct. 4 and mvmry tmxzth
dav thereafter.
. For Ensenada, Masdalena Bay, Pan Jotm W
Cabo. Mazattan. Altata. La Pax. Santa RosalU
and Guaymas (Mexico)— 10 a. m.. 7th of each
month.
For further Information obtain company's
folders.
The company reserves th» right to chan***
steamers, satline dates and hours of sailing
without previous nntlee.
TICKET OPFICE-4 Xew Mor.tromery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Asents..
10 Market St., San Francisco.
THE Oi R. h N. On,
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
IPOIFtTI-.-A-lSr'Q
From SDear-str?et "Wharf at 11 A. M.
CADE S' 2 First Class including Berth
iMnC $8 Second Clas* ' and AAeals.
STATE OF CALIFORNIA sails.... Sept. 20. 39
COLUMBIA sails Sept. 25. Oct. S
Short line to Walla "U'alla. Spokane. Butte.
Helena and all points In the Xorthwesu
Through tickets to all i-olnts East.
E. C. WARD, General Acent.
S30 Market st.
GOOrALL, PERKIXS & CO.,
Superintendents.
TOYO EISEN KAMA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF COR.
ner First and Brannan streets at Id m
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, rail In* a'
Kobe (Hiogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai a-1
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for In-
dia, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of sailing.
SS. NIPPON MARTT
Saturday, September "_" 1!*t)
SS. AMERICA MARi:.. Wednesday. Oct. 17 1!*V)
SS. HONGKONG MARU....Tues.. Nov. _, 1900
Via Honolulu.
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
£~ ?. , and P assa S e npply at company's offlce.
421 Market street, corner of First.
W. H. AVERT. General Agent.
AMERICAN LINE.
fltW Y02_. 80OTHA_?T0!f . lOXBOlf. PAWS.
Stoppinr at Cherbourg:, westbound
From New York Every Wednesday, 10 a ta.
St. Louis Oct. S St. Louis Oct 21
NorTork Oct. 10 New Tork Oct. 31
St. Paul Oct. 17 St. Louis.. ..:..Nov7 U
RED STAR LINE.
New York and Antwem.
From Xew York Every "Wednesday. 12 noon.
Frlesland Oct. 3 Kens'rgton Oct. •*
Southwark Oct. 10 Noordland Oct .11
Westernland ....Oct. 17 Southwark ....Nov. H
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO.,
30 Montgomery Street.
C0MPAO5IB GENERALS TKAICSATLASTIQirs.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. -^^
Sailing every Thursday. Instead of •tfSfTT')^
Saturday, from Nove-nber 2, 1S99. at =»—*****
10 a. m.. from Pier 42. North River, foot of
Morton street. LA CHAMPAGNE. Sept. 27;
LA TOURAWE, Oct. 4; L'AQUtTAINE. Oct.
11; LA LORRAINE. Oct. IS. First-class to
Havre. *55 and upward. Second class to Havre.
$42 W and upward. GENERAL AGENCY FOR
UNITED STATES and CANADA. 32 Broadway
(Hudson building). New York. J. F. FUOAZI
& CO.. Pacific Coast Agenta, a Montgomery
avenue. San Francisco.
Oceanic s. s. co^HOjroiTOtr, apia
AUCKI.A>'I> AM> SIDM.Y.
s - n,
L D SPRECKELS & BROS. CO.. Agts., 643 MafVet St.
Pier 7. F(lt P-ciffc St. Freight Office. 327 Market St
BAY AND BIVEB STEAMEBS.
"TobTThavyy^
Steamer "Montlcsl'o."
MON Tues.. Wed.. Thurs. and Sat. at 9:45
am* *3 - _> 8:30 p. m. (ox. Thurs. night); Frt-
d_ys"l P- m. and 8:30: Sundays, 10:30 a. ra., 1
d m' Landing and offlce. Mission-street Dock.
pW'No. 2. TeleDhone Main 1303.
FARE- - We
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
iS A GREAT RESTORATIVE. LNVIGORA* A
'tor and Nervine. , 4
The most wonderful aphrodisiac and Specbu
Tonic for the Sexual Organs tor both sexa*.
The Mexican remedy tor Diseases ot t_* Kid-
ney* and Bladder. Sells on Its own merit*.
NABER. ALFS & BRUNE. AffQ-ta.
i , IZ3 Market st.. 5. F.— (Seai tor Cl7ct__r_k
ADVERTISEMENTS. I
j^^^^^i I r-lllK ** s person is Hi and needs a medicine is it
MWS^m%)ll /^ % uM llim ao * w ' se *° & e * Grse that has stood the test of
J rJ^ #ws and has faunsSireds of thousands of cures
llW'TOM'l^_» -^SIS4 A grost many women who are Hi try every-
wlfiiw^^fe^ *^9vW * !iSn 9 they hear of in the way of medicine, and
ihSs GX P erSsnQ^ tSn 3 with unknown drugs is a
3h^S?%^^^^^^^^^v constant menace to their already impaired
-^*" s is ver . v unwise, for there are remedies which are no experi-
__W__iH^mi_ME^\\^_^_P men^ an( * h ave een known years and years to be doing- only g-ood.
ll^^S!^^^^^ i^SP^v L ydl a E' Pinkham's Vegetable Compound,
l_r^lS_Bll@ or thirty years its record has been one unbroken chain of sue-
ffifwF 1 <2_J \ cess. No medicine for female ills the world has ever known has such
• , It . 8eems , so strange that some people will take medicines about which they really know nothing, some of which
might be, and are, really harmful ; when on the other hand it is easily proved that over one million women have been
restored to health by Lvdia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound.
- ,. , e $*»?© Polished in the newspapers of the United States more genuine testimonial letters than have ever been
puolished in the interest of any other medicine.
<- We have thousands like the following- addressed to Mrs. Pinkham :
Monthly Staff orlng Back- Another Case of Kid- A Letter Which Proves
%%iL a 2L^ r^ g " e !? W . n " e y* Womh and Bladder That Lydia E. Pinkham's
LyM^Piniham'sVeJe^- Trou »^ Cured by Lydia Vegetable Compound
table Compound. E* Pinkham's Vegetable Will Remove Tumor and
"I suffered untold agony every CompOUttdm Cure Other WeakneSSm
SS___JT^TiaU"^iSK „ i^l&0r$F ye r. 1 ; " T 7° yeats 'T t l T a T st r*
and a few bottles of Lydia E. Pink- had child-bed fever and womb trouble ferer from womb trouble and profuse
ham's Vegetable Compound have made * n s 'worst form. For eight months flowing each month, and tumors would
me the happiest woman alive. I shall after birth of babe I was not able to sit form in the womb. I had four tumors
S.u S qI?? n S l ° ng w? £ live."— MUs up/ Doctors treated me, but with no in two years. I went through treat-
1^^', i ? • help. Ihad bearing-down pains, burn- me nt with doctors, but they did me no
Four years ago I had almost given ing in stomach, kidney and bladder , , T ,, ' -- -,-_* ,, •"
up hope of ever being well again. I trouble, and my back was so stiff and g*** 1 . and 1 thought I would have to
was afflicted with those dreadful head- sore. The right ovary was badlyaffected resort to morphine,
ache spells which would sometimes and everything I ate distressed me, and "The doctor said that all that could
last three or four days. Also had back- there was a bad discharge. Mniti»w«tnW™.nA n . .?•« a
ache, bearing-down pains, leucorr- "I was confined to my bed when I me was to have an operation and
hoea, dizziness, and terrible pains at wrote to you for, advice and followed nave tne Tfomb removed, but I had
monthly periods confining me to my your directions faithfully, taking heard of Mrs. Pinkham's medicine and
bed. After reading so many testi- Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Com- decided to try it, and wrote for her
monialsforyourmedicine,Iconcluded. pound, Liver Pills, andusing tho Wash, advice, and after taking her Vegetable
to try it. I began to pick up after and am now able to do the most of my rv.™™,,,,,^ +*, * n j
taking the first bottle, and have con- housework. I believe I should have -Comppund the tumors were expelled
tinued to gain rapidly, and now feel died if it had not been for your Com- and I began to get stronger right
like a different woman. I can recom- pound. I hope this letter may be the along, an<| am well as ever before. Can
mend Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable result of benefiting some other suffer- truly say that I would never had got-
Oompound inhighest terms to all sick ing woman. I recommended your Com- ten well had it not been for Lydia E.
«? D 3?. n- —^7 lss Kosa Helden, i_6 pound to everv one."— Mrs. Mary Pinkham's Compound." — Mary A.
}V. Cleveland Aye., Canton, 0. J Vaughan, Trimble, Pulaaki Co., Ky. J Stahl, Watsontown, Pa. Q
DR. MEYERS & CO,
tgf!g||~ specialists
Established
y/ k2_ Most Extensive
Consultation
75/ Market st "
i/j^v* ' San Francisco.
9^ *^ ''O *% *_ <^^
Avisst DR. JORDAN'S great i
OF AHATO-Yf
9 (_} 1051_A2S3Ta.t«t.6_57_.S.y.C_,i
T The Largest Anatomical Museum in the \
m " -t~-in_ V/ortd. W'e_:nes*9» or a-iy contracted 4
Y S_? SsSfJ «5i&ea« pm»«l«rrJycMr»dhyttaeo!ae»t V
($) fSFJkll specialist en lii Ccui Estjtyoar?.
$ iJ^t^S OS. JORBaH-PRIVATE DISEASES*
\R ]/ t| H '*•¦''*" I— ¦•!» c*eryca»e undertaken. W
_r// l_> Write for Rook. Pa<L.O9Ur_'ir«r _
"* n \\* BtARSlAGE, MAILED FR23. (AT
X Q (j, valuable booh for turn) \
7 Dtt. JOBDAN A «•©.. 1051 Market St.. S. F. Y. . men Prom Service. --*:.-¦
The labor of securing a jury to try Peter
McGlade on a charge of obtaining money
under false pretenses was begun before
Judgre Burnett yesterday morning. Among
the talesmen examined many said they
could not give the defendant a fair and
impartial trial. They were dismissed.
Those accepted to sit on the jury are:
J. Tiedemann, 3574 Twentieth street; J. S.
Merrill, 233 Market street; George A. Cole,
33 Second street; A. Voight. 34 Fourth
street; T. D. McCarthy. 764 Mission street;
J. Seldl,-658 Mission street; J.Keane, 801
Post street; H. Bird, 208 Mason street: G.
J. McCraley, 503 Market street, and H.
Mangels. Hayes and Franklin streets.
A special venire of thirty talesmen was
ordered summoned, returnable' Monday
morning. It is expected that the jury will
be completed out of this list of thirty and
that by afternoon the taking of testimony
will begin.
Among the talesmen examined and dis
missed was H. W. Burmeister. He said
that he had heard the case discussed, but
it was not his fault. He was being shaved,
he said, and the barber commenced on the
McGlade trial and kept up his argument
until. Burmeister departed. District At
torney Byington asked Burmeister to tell
the name of the barber. Attorney T. J.
Leimsn objected. "You can't stop a bar
ber talking." he said. The court agreed.
sustained the objection and dismissed the
tale?man. .
TEN JUEORS ACCEPTED
TO TRY PETE JIcGLADE
Special Venire Has Been Ordered
Summoned — Barber Saves Tales-
% A pan of burning grease in the kitchen
of the restaurant in the dome of The Call
building yesterday caused such clouds of
smoke to pour out of the ventilator on
the roof that many thought the building
was on fire. A still alarm was turned In
and thousands stood on Market street
gazing at the spectacle.
Thought Smoke Meant Fire.
The Red Cross rooms. 308 ' Sutter street',
will be closed on and after the evening of
September 26. After that date money or
supplies for the Galveston sufferers may
be sent to the Red Cross rooms. No. 309,
Examiner .building-
Bed Cross Society.
Krnest Stocke, a carpenter living at 1W3
Vallejo street, was working on a new
building at Clay and. Pierce streets yea
terday morning when he stepped on a
loose plank and fell to the ground, a dis
tance of about thirty feet. He was taken
to the Receiving Hospital, where It waa
found that his spine was fractured.
A Carpenter's Bad, Fall.
Court Eureka. Ancient Order of For
esters, will celebrate the silver anniver
sary of its institution by an entertain
ment end dance in the A. O. F. building
this evening. -•
Silver Anniversary.
There are three rings and two stages
and they are all full at once from start
to finish— and that without endangering
"circus neck," for each act is so absorb
ing that it keeps its particular audience
guessing as to what's coming next and
leaves It no time to "lamp" on anything
but that set before It. There are 1000 peo
ple with the show, the population of a
small village; there are 500 horses, enough
to mount a troop of cavalry; and these
horses are worth looking at for them
selves, the blooded ones, eleek and light
muscled, the working ones, broad-backed
and deep-chested, elephants of their kind,
and all professionals.
Inside - the tent when the show - has
started It goes right through with never
Of circuses many have come and gone,
but never a one like this, which has set
itself down at Sixteenth and Folsom
streets and looks solid enough and big
enough to remain for all time. Barnum
and Bailey and Adam Forepaugh used to
be names In the circus world and where
they set up their tents people crowded
and wondered at the magnitude of their
moving canvas cities; -but this of Ring
lings: You could put Barnum's whole.
show inside the big tent and stlli leave
room for the menagerie. Everything about
the show bears the brand of the best oi
its kind, from the smallest tent pin to
the big American flag. ,
But the show itself 'is the thing, and
Is" the only one that ever came here that
justifies the press agent's adjectival out
bursts.
There is so much that Is good to see
In Hlngling Brothers' circus that the big
tent, which is supposed to have a seating
capacity of 15,000, must have felt its sides
bulge from the crowd that packed every
square Inch of room last night and never
thought of the heat until the last race,
had been run. .
The Flying Fishers and the DaComas
are acrobats whose feats make the house
gasp. They throw each other about in
midair and hang by their toes from places
where a fly would have to ponder. Then
they let go of trapezes just when it scema
most important for their necks that they
should hold tight, and go spinning through
the air like tumbler pigeons into the
arms of their "sisters" and "brothers,"
who receive them upside down with one."
two; or half a leg clinging to some frail
support.
Display No. 16 brings out the bareback
riders, William DeVan, John Rooney and
Cecil Lowanda, who aro stars and no mis
take. Their horses go like whirlwinds and
the ordinary slow seesaw canter of the
bareback horse is not known to these
three.
Spader Johnson and his "school of un
ruly fools" furnish the comedy of element
and can give anything in their line cards
and spades. Their makeups are very orig
inal and their work is novel; In fact they
are a striking exception to most of their
genus; they are really funny.'
By far the most sensational and original
act known Is that of John O'Brien who
stands on the apex of a terraced cone
with a whip in his hand and directs the
movements of sixty horses, which march
round him on ascendant galleries. '
The show Is so crammed full of good
things that the audience grows weary of
applauding and several good acts don't
get the recognition they deserve. A
kaleidoscopic panorama* is what the pro
gramme calls the opening feature, en
titled the "last days of the century," and
it is no misnomer. A mass of mounted
men representing cavalry of all nations,
clad in uniforms of gorgeous hues and
glittering where the light catches them,
move in and out and roundabout until
the whole arena seems alive with them
and ryes water trying to follow their com
plex evolutions.
a hitch or wait. There's many a stage
manager might get wise on new business
if he'd talk to Al Rlngling, who manages
the entire show from main entrance to
dump pile. . *
SPLENDORS OF CIRCUS
ATTRACTING THE CROWDS
The oldest Californian cheerfully bears
witness that he has never known such a
persistently perfect summer and autumn
season as in this blessed year of our Lord
1900.
And especially is this true of the moun
tain districts, where the temperature Is
delightfully equable and the air so pure
and crisp that it fairly snaps.
It is this unusually inviting condition
that prompts the transportation com
panies interested to arrange for another
popular excursion to- Lake Tahoe,' the
tickets to be $10 for the round trip and al
lowing three days at the lake. Those who
cari take full advantage of this chance
should go Friday evening. September 28,
and return on the following Tuesday; but
the tickets will be good on Saturday even-
The glories of Tahoe and Its rugged en
vironment are simply matchless and this
very cheap rate puts them within every
body's reach. •
That You Get So Much, of TJp at
Tahoe.
THAT GLORIOUS
MOUNTAIN AIR
hall. Mason and Ellis streets, addressed
by Rev. H. H. Bell. D.D. The association
has recently Introduced a new song-book
which will be used In the song service to
morrow. ¦ «— ' ' . ,
Coursing: Club Litigation.
The . action by which the Ingleslde
Coursing Association seeks to secure an
injunction restraining the Union Coursing
Park Association from holding matches
on certain dates alleged to be prohibited
by the terms of an agreement entered into
between the associations was on Judsa
Hunt's calendar yesterday but a continu
ance for a week was ordered.
Lectured on Tides.
Professor George Davidson gave an In
teresting- lecture at the Academy of Sci
ences Hall last night on "Tides." The
lecture was given under the auspices of
the Geographical Society of the Pacific
Coast. It was well attended.
The officers say they have positive evi
dence against her. They claim to be able
to prove that on December 30 she entered
the residence of John McDonald, 413^
Broderick street, and stole a gold watch,
which the officers recovered, and Mrs.
Gibbons has been Identified as the woman
who sold it. On June 28, they say, she
ELLEN GIBBONS. alias Kate
Smith, alias Mary Brown, alias
Ellen Gibson, the "woman in
black," who has served three |
terms in San Quentin for grani
larceny and burglary, was booked at tht:
City Prison yesterday by Detectives Har
per and Armstrong and Policeman Hamiil
on three charges of burglary. Other
charges may yet be booked p.galnsi her.
Several complaints had* reached police
headquarters from residents in the West
ern Addition about a woman in black
committing burglaries and tue police got
a clew from an article published in Tho
Call about a burglary at the residence ot
Mrs. H. J. Meyers, 1067 Fell street, on
August 23, thaf led to the woman's ar
rest. At that time she was caught in
the house of Mrs. Meyers by Mrs. Cohen,
a neighbor. Mrs. Cohen held her, until
an old man appeared who volunteered to
watch the prisortt-r while Mrs. Cohen went
for a policeman. When Mrs. Cohen re
turned both the woman and the man had
disappeared. Mrs. Cohen was able to
give an accurate description of the woman
to the police and Detectives Harper and
Armstrong v were detailed on the case.
They got Policeman Hamiil to patrol the
Western Addition in search of the woman
and Hamiil succeeded in arresting her
near her residence at 443 Golden Gate ave
nue.
Mrs. Gibbons is a widow and first came
to the notice of the police in the latter
part of 1S69, when she was arrested for
grand larceny. January 12,' 1S70, she was
sent to San Quentin for four years ami
tour months. August 31, 1S77, she was
sent to San Quentin for live years for
burglary, and on July 18. 1889. she was sent
back, to San Quentin for two vears from
Alameda County for grand larceny. Each
time . u he gave a different name.
When searched at the prison Mrs. Gib
bons had In her pockets a child's gold
neck chain, man's gold vest chain, a pair
of gold-rimmed spectacles, lady's green
enameled pin, six silver forks and three
silver spoons marked "M. D.," an-old
fashioned gold brooch with hair insido,
"which are believed to be the products of
burglaries. The police would like • the
owners to call and identify the articles.
The officers secured a search warrant
from Judge Conlan yesterday to search
the apartments of the woman for the ar
ticles stolen from Mrs. Meyers' house on
August 23. The articles consisted of dia
mond locket, gold vest -chain, gold hair
pin, pair of gold bracelets, pair of goid
earrings and other jewelry. Detective
Armstrong made a careful cearch of the
house, but could not find any of the ar
ticles. • :v*xi~,-. '-
entered the residence of A. B. Henderson,
1761 Howard street, and stole a gold watch,
which was also recovered and Mrs. Gib
bons was ldpntliled as the woman who
sold it. On July 3 Mrs. Dr. Powell, 1529
Oak street, met Mrs. Gibbons in her hall
way. She asked her what she was doing
in her house and she said she called ta
ascertain if a friend of hers was a servant
there. Mrs. Powell missed her purse co'n
tainlns $13 Immediately afterward. She
identified Mrs. Gibbons in the prison as
her suspicious visitor.
THE WOMAN WITH A LONG CRIMINAL RECORD WHO IS CHARGED
• BY THE POLICE WITH COMMITTING NUMEROUS RECENT BUR
GLARIES IN VARIOUS PARTS OF THE CITY.
— ?_ — '
The police are ¦looking' for a notorious
crook known by the name of Jack Lee and
a young woman until recently employed
as .a domestic hy Mrs. Schwartz at 312
Hyde street. The woman's name Is Anna
Stone, and the two aro accused of rob
bing her employer of considerable valu
able jewelry, clothing and a small sum of
money. Lve is well known to the polfce,
having been arrested on several occasions
for larceny and burglary-
About a month ago Mrs. Schwartz, who
is the wife of one of the proprietors of
the Thalia, employed Miss btone. It was
noticed that she trequently met Lee, but
little attention was paid to the fact.
A few days a'ffo Mrs. Schwartz went
downtown to do pome shopping, instruct
ing the servant not to leave the house un
til she returned.
According to the detectives who have
been detailed on the case, immediately
after Mrs. Schwartz had left the house
Lee; who was waiting on the opposite side
of the street, crossed over in response to
a signal by the Stone woman and was ad
mitted to the house by a rear door. Armed
with a •'jimmy" he and the woman pro
ceeded to make a determined search for
valuables.
After they had secured several pieces
of jewelry belonging . to Mrs. Schwartz
and a purse containing $10 they evidently
became frightened and quickly . left the
house. The .woman waa seen leaving with
a bundle under her arm.
On her return Mrs. Schwartz at once
discovered the robbery, and suspecting
the servant she' lost no time in notifying
Captain of Detectives Seymour, who de
tailed Detectives Gibson . and Reynolds
and Corporal Anthony on the case. Thus
far the officers have been unable to get
a trace of Lee or the Stone woman. They
believe that after committing "the crime
the pair left the city., presumably going
to Sacramento. The Chief of Police of the
latter place has been wired to arrest them
on sight. v
The Stone -woman is not unknown to the
police. Several months ago she wa,s em
ployed as a servant in a house In the
Western Addition, and during the U.m
porary absence of the family she skipped
with about a thousand dollars' worth of
jewelry belonging to her mistress. She
was arrested a short time afterward for
the crime, but as all the stolen jewelry
was recovered by the detectives her em
ployer refused to prosecute her and the
case against her was dismissed.
Secures Costly Jewelry and
Money Prom Residence
of Mrs. Schwartz.
WOMAN SERVANT
AIDED BY LOVER
ROBS EMPLOYER
Thirty-ninth District, fourteen delegates— J.
F Potts J C. Qulnlan, C. W. Meehan, Joseph
Slye. Charles F. Wright, J. P. Cavanaugh, W.
W. McXalr George Lubosch. George Hanson,
R. W. King. J. H. C. Edwards, Robert E.
Weddle, M. Smyth, J. Downey. Total vote,
2S7. •
Fortieth District, fifteen delegates— R. C.
O'Connor, L. T. Samuels, T. P. Rlordan. W.
B. Cope. Jaeper McDonald. Joseph Xaiihtaly,
<Jeorge A. Connolly, Maurice K. Loewensteln,
Uanlfcl H. Curran. Frank Sperling, J. H. Wltte,
H C Wllber. Patrick Rlley, E. B. Young, M.
C Ha«F.ett. Total vote. 215.
'Fcrty-first District, thirteen delegates—"Wil
liam Denman, Stephen Potter. John J. Quinn.
Trank Kllduff, George H. Mehan, O. M. Golara
cer.a Daniel J. O'Keeffe, William P. Humph
reys' Jr. P. E. Blavin, Grattan D. Phillips,
William F. Buckley. D. Shea, William J.
O'Neill. Total vote. 198. .
Forty-second District, ten delegates— Joseph
B Keenan, Logan Ervln, John W. McCormlck.
Curtis HUyer. Joseph T. O'Connor. Lewis C-
Hunter. H. L. Brooke, Louis de F. Bartlett.
Jcu-esh M. Cummlng, J. W. Likens. Total
* "Forty-third District, eight delegates— C. H.
ilur'hy. John Staude. H. McClaughry, V. T.
Mallaby. J. J. O'Donnell, J. W. Shannahan,
E Reagan, Frank Mlcuet. Total vote, 2s»0.
Forty-fourth Assembly District — Dr. L. D.
Bacic-alunl. J. Mason Thomas. R. Wheeler. F.
ZioKimayer, Dr. G. E. Cagllcrl, James W.
lUilly, George F. Callahan, Frank J. Cuneo,
John Bower. William Dcnnlston. Total vote,
j. ; orty-flfth District, se\-en delegates — Daniel
Ryan, Thomas B. W. Leland, Knox Maddox,
Gi-orge Kelljv M. H. Hernon, Jennings Phil
lips. J. K. Brennan. Total vote. 131.
Thirty-«-izhth Assembly District— F. L. Fen
ton, Albert Leaf, M. A. Livingston, William
J. Jackson. Aloyslus Mohtrn. Jobenh Byrne,
Adolph Cohn. Charles S. Peery. J. J. Maguire,
John W. *Lewis, Frank T. McGinney, Richard
R. Wallace. If. Morsrenstern, J. Steinhart, H.
Hennlng. Total vote. 185.
Thirty-sixth District, twenty delegates —
James M. Curtln. Jeremiah Cuddy, Joseph Can
non, John Pyegeorge, William H, Mulcahey.
Jam*s Roxburg, William J. Peemond, T. J.
Kennedy. Thomas Clark, H. L. Ray, E. I.
Coffey, Charles Reardan. Charles McCrystal,
Hu Jonon, John FenncU, X. W. Connor, Daniel
Ward. N. Spellman. R. P. Julian, D. J. Leahy.
Secretary cast vote for club. Total. 4J7.
Thirty-seventh District, eighteen delegates-
Alexander MeCulloch, Matthew J. Breen. Ju
lius Frankel. George II. Halpln, W. H. Wil
liams Jr.. William D. Fllnn. Patrick Furlong,
Matthew I. Brady, Charles J. Cullen, Thomas
IUpiK>n, Joshua H. Bloom, John E. Brannan.
M. J. Heffernan, Geor&e Hildebrandt, Charles
A. Sweigert. Andrew G. Maguire, William t£.
Mead. Lawrence F. Walsh. Total vote, 144.
Thirty-fifth District. twelve delegates-
Thomas Brennan, William Canoll. I>awrence
Dunn, John A. Uulifoyle. Lrfwlu Ferrari. E. J.
Mize, Jamea H. Markham, Pet«r llalun.y, Jo
eeph Powers, Peter J. Sweeney, J. B. Vizzard,
John A. Zoller. Total vote, 174.
Thirty-fourth District, seventeen delegates —
A. Phillies. Daniel O'Callaghan. M. Mur
phy, William O'Shaughnespy, P. S. HIggtnB,
J. A. X. Hickey, M. Boland, J. H. Murphy,
John J. Sheehan, James McMahon. James W.
Rilcy. James McCooley, John J. Doberty. Pat
McDonough. Thomas Doyle, John Brennan,
Walter Fisher. Total vote: Regulars, 136; op-
J>08ltlon, 63.
Although the regulars thought they had
compromised matters with the opposition
In the Thirty-fourth, an opposition ticket
was sprung when the polls opened. In
order to avoid contest the regulars had
agreed to give the opposition representa
tion and had decided to scratch A. Phil
lips on their own ticket and vote for
James McCovey, Phillips heard that he
had been turned down and succeeded in
getting hip name on the opposition ticket,
which was brought out at the last mo
ment. Ho was liberally "scratched,"
however, and McCovey won out. The op
position ticket follows:
Thirty-fourth Assembly Dinrrict. 17 delegates
-M. Murphy, William O'Shaughnrssy. !•. S.
Higgin?. J. MeCooey, Thomas F. Alforrt. F. K.
llahoney. Charles R. Heyden. Charles L.
Mealy. A. W. Thompson. T. J. McBride, J. J.
Shetha% J. W. Rle'.y. J. McMahon, J. A. tJ.
Hlckey. J. E. O'Brien, J. Corrigan, J. H.
Kenr.ard.
Thirty-pernnd District, 11 dPl-gates-James
P'-wer. James AlcManus. Frank (r"ain, All>ert
<*arro!l, Daniel Toorncy, John J. Rvan, I'. At
klr.«on. Richard Sehutenhaus, W, V. Ryan. It.
J. Boland. Joseph Gallagher. Totst vote, 1ST. !
TMrty-thlr.l District, H delegates— \V. J.
Benn. P. Flaherty, J. J. Flanagan, P. Finne- '
Kan. B. Uargadon. D. Harrington. B. Heaiy,
D. Lyonf. W. <\ Miller. D. Paeper. K. D. .Sul- j
livan, K. Taaffe, R. Urbai?, C. J. Ward. Total
\ote, 133.
Thirty-firFj District, fourteen delegates-John
F. Renault. T. L. Clancy. Oscar -'Hecks,- 'Wil
liam Cannon, N'lchola* Morlritey. C. J. Galla
rher, Daniel Donovan. Thcma* Ryun. John
Warren. .John Rpid. Edward K*!lj\ Matt HefT
rr>ri. T. E. Collins, Joseph Carrick. Total vote.
48V.
Twenty-eighth Assembly District, flvf d<?Ie-
K-ates— Ueoree McElroy. F. J. Seam, C Du
nn, John J. Greeley. M. .1. Brown. N. Heaney.
J. Furlons, M. Ryan, A. Ohlson. Total vote,
237.
Twenty-ninth As»Fembly DiFtrlct, twelve del
egates—Matt K. Lally, J. F. O'Rourke. Jam**
Cor<-oran, Thoma* F. Finn; Joseph I. Uw-
Wf. J. J. Sweeney. Louis Valentine, Joseph
Flanagan, Joseph Mopan. Lawrence Brannan
Jr.. Tnumas Brown, M. J. Wall. Total vote,
482.
Thirtieth District, ir delegate*— J. B. Davitt.
J. Creegar., P. Madden, J. McMenomr. J- I
Tomalty. H. H. Plant, J. CYrigfiton, R. Hoare. |
P, Kenny. J. Lycette, R. Gough. I. Baer. To- j
The Thirty-fourth Assembly District
developed the only contest of the pri
mary. James McMahon was active In
the Interests of the opposing ticket, but
it received only 62 votes as against 126
for the regular ticket.
In the Forty-second District It was ex
pected that John F. Kennedy would lead
a fight against the regulars, but no ticket
materialized. In the Thirty-first Tim
1 reacy. who wanted to go to the Assem
bly, tried to lead the opposition, but he
found it was a forlorn hope, with the
regular party organization against him,
and no ticket was put in the field. In
the Thirty-eiphth District "Butler" Fay
was compelled to compromise with the op
position. Riving them half the delegation.'
The delegates chosen were as follows:
Gavin McNab. with the assistance of
Jasper McDonald, had programmed the
primary and its success was a revelation
in "practical politics." How to run a
party with a small, organized minority in
each district was given perfect illustra
tion. A total of 4527 men voted in the
eighteen Appembly districts, and the dele
gates chosen by "that handful will name
the candidates and decide the questions
of supremacy in the local Democracy. It
was a triumph for bosfism. accomplished
without any of the dis-agreeable fuss and
noise and "rough houses" that accom
panied Kelly's merles of victories in Re
publican politics.
The Democrats elected delegates lait
niRht to the county convention to De held
Monday night. More correctly speaking,
primaries were held "under the auspices"
of the Bryan and Stevenson clubs, and
the Democrat whose name was not on
a club roil, whether by his fault or other
wise, was not allowed to vote.
McNab's Close Corporation Plan.
The Delegates Chosen Under Gavin
DEMOCRATS HOLD PRILIAB.Y.
XV f
Perhaps the first add most vivid 1m- ;
pression one gets from reading rapidly]
larse quantities of Lowell's prose is that \
of the richness and generosity of his na- ;
ture. Nothing In Lowell's essays is eked f
out; "here Is God's plenty." His know 1 - !
edge of fact ami of arn-cdo.e in his treat- \
ment of literary topics Is seemingly i
boundless and his critical c«says have |
the air of being not the clever and showy
expression of masses of knowledge fresh
won for the occasion, but the easy out- j
pouring of stores of learning acquired j
through years of leisurely end happy com- i
munion with books. He is, for example, j
far more copious In thought and fancy |
and illustration than Matthew Arnold. >
whose essays in contrast seem somewhat I
thin and closely calculated— directed with j
"malice prepense" toward a single point.
In Lowell's essays there is much of the
exuberance and luxuriant detail of i.ature. j
Lowell's lyrical praise of June in several ;
of his poems is typical of his character ¦
and hla writings have the wermth, the j
full-hearted ease and the sunnir.esa of j
summer weather. He is human through!
and through and his essays have a racy j
earthlness of substance and an aromatic |
fragrance of wild, natural life that re- j
move them far from the resions of Icy !
academicism. He. had "mixed his bloo.1 ]
with sunshine" and "taken the winds Into j
his pulses."
Up to the very last— «ven after his years
of brilliant foreign service— Lowell wad
wont to speak of himself as "a book
man" and doubtless it is as a writer about
books that he will finally be distinctlvefy
remembered. Air. Leslie Stephen has left
in a published letter a delightfully vivid
Sketch of Lowell in his Elmwood study:
At first Fight I found a singularly complete
specimen of the literary recluse. I remember,
with a curious vividness, the chairs in which
we sat by the fireplace in the ntudy. I lootc
at the dedication of "Under the Willows"' and
feel that 1, too. have heard hla "tlmwooil ',
chimneys' d«-ep-throated roar." and indeed can I
almost hear It still. I need hardly add that
we worshiped
. "Nicotla. dearer to the Muse
Than all the grape's bewildering juice."
All around us were the crowded book shelves,
¦whose appearance shoned them io be the com
panions ut th» true literary workman, not of
the mere dilettante or fancy bio^raplv r. Their
ragged bindings and thumbed pages scored
with frequent pencil marks implied that they
were a Htudent's tools, not mere ornamental
playthings. He would sit amoug his book3.
pipe in mouth, a book in han.(, hour after
hour, and I was soon Intimate enough to sli.
by him and enjoy Intervals of silence as wejl
as periods of discussion and always delightful
talk.
This picture of Lowell as an American
scholar devoted to letters is worth special
emphasis because of the- fact that Ills
social successes abroad have tended some
what to pervert his image in the popular
mind into that of a polished society func
tionary and a welcome and well pleased
dweller in kings' houses. Great Indeed
was the favor he won in England as a
graceful unveiler of busts and as a skilled
coiner of after-dinner epigrams; very
genuirie, too, and deep was his apprecia
tion—as appears from his letters— of the
¦peculiar position he attained in Engli*n
' society and of the intensely stimulating
human intercourse to which it admitted
-him. In the later years of his American
life at Deerfoot he seems sometimes to
have missed rather keenly in his "cell"
there the "breakfasts, luncheons, teas,
dinners and 'goinps-or/ " of his London
I life. Yet he insists that after all he
j "likes Deerfnot best." r.nd no. fair reader
of his later letters or later writings can
i Justly accuse Lowell cf having been
spoiled by his foreign popularity or of
having lost any of his early ardent an<l
I almost religious love for American ideais
and the best types of American character.
Lowell's addresses on political subjects
ought to be gathered together into a sin
gle cheap volume and sent broadcast
through the land. Nowhere are the dan
gers of modern democracy more wisely
and wittily set forth, always, however
Kwlth concurrent unfaltering faith In the
I worth of the democratic ideal and in the
certainty of its future. There is not much
scientific thoroughness or acumen In Low
ell's comments on Institutions and polit
ical tendencies, very little philosophic sug
gestivene!«s such as is found in Sir Henry
Maine's or Mr. Bryce|s treatment of simi
i lar topics. But there is great practical
I wisdom, abundant Intuitive insight into
the American character and Its elements
of weakness and strength, and a wise and
acomplished sense of the possible value
to Americans of foreign experiments and
methods and traditions, and. finally, there
is everywhere a glowing affection for the
faith of the fathers and a noble loyalty
to ideals in politics— a faith and a loyalty
that we nowadays perhaps more than
ever need to have eloquently expressed
by way of countercheck to the "smart"
selfishness of many of our practical poli
ticians, and also to the satirical superior
ity of the "remnant." who too often in
jure their cause by their airs and affecta
tions. Lowell's wise earnestness and fer
vent urbanity impress and conciliate In
stead of rasping and repelling. In his
political utterances there is united more
perfectly than anywhere else the wisdom
of the fathers that bfprat us. tho assimf
lated worth of contemporary political ex
periments abroad and a shrewd apprecia
tion of tho actual problems and i-on«lition3
of "practical politics" in America.
But after all. in spitf* of tho strrlint;
Baltic of the political addresses. It is Low
ell, the hookman. who is likely to bo
most perennially interesting in the history
nf f<ur literature. He i.-» beyond deb»t"
the trrfatrst of our rrifir.*, ami he hai
left, of all our writers, the most consid
erable mnsa of essays that dfa! wltli
purely literary problems. His method
and manner as a critic vary wide
ly. At times he la th«» revlower
pur<» and . simple— dogmatic, caustic,
contemporaneous, partisan. His es
say on Carlyle's Frederick Is written In
this vein; It ia searching, suggestive, im
pressively competent, but somewhat in
temperate In trne, violent both in prals«
and blame. Hometimes his essays are
faithful scholastic discussions of his sub
jects, treat thoroughly and systematical
ly the life as well as the works of his
author, and consider patiently the tradi
tional cruxes and the conventional doutoa
and questions that his author's name sug
gests. Hhi Dryden (a favorite essay with
I«owell himself)— is of this type. Some
times he is wayward, capricious, purely
appreciative— a willful goss'per about
likes and dislikes in literature. But what
ever his method or vein, he is always an>l
invariably a man, and he never loses sight
of lifo and of the human worth of his
subject. Ouf scholarship nowadays t°nrt*
rHsastrously to hole-and-corner work.
Myopic porinar over trifles — that i.-* what
many of our Teutonically trained student*
devote themselves to. Some Frenchman
has called our agp "the age of tho mi
crobe." and. indeed, in scholarship, h*
everywhere else, the misrht and the worth
of the infinitely little have been perhaps
fxaeserated. or at any rate the study
of the infinitely small has been monnpo
lizinerly carried o'n to the detriment of th*
indubitably great. Int»- this latter-day neg
lect of the vital in scholarship Lowell »a
never betrayed. He is always master oi
his learning. Whatever the age or tho
man or the book he discusses, hi* imag
ination finds underneath the facts anil
the technical problems involved some- per
manent human interest, the dramatic In
terest of character in action, the artistic
interest of embodied beauty, the philo
sophic interest of social and spiritual
forces carrying on the progress of th^
race.' With Lowell scholarship always
subserves life and ministers to the pres
ent needs of the human spirit.
Lowell's poetry, apart from the Bi£e
low Papers." falls Into three period*, or
which the second contains what is finest
and most imaginative. Before ISj) hit
poetry is. for the most part, despite some
poems that will always be favorites, over
rhetorical and declamatory; much of It is
grotesquely Imitative of English models:
"Rosaline" is palpably Inspired by Tenny
son and "A Legend of Brittany" Is full
of absurd echoes of Keats' rhythms and
tricks of manner. "•Rhoecus." "Colum
bus," "Hunger and Cold" and "To tho
Dandelion" are among the more original
and permanently delightful of the pot>ms
of the first period. "The Present Crisis"
is magnificent rhetoric. Is filled with noble
passion for truth and right, and rises now
and then to passages of memorable po^°r
and beauty; yet it is eloquence rather
than poetry pure and simple. In many
of the poems in "Under th«» Willows." on
the other hand, In "The Washing of the
Shroud" and in parts of "The Commemo
ration Ode" Lowell is really creative; ha
no longer merely talks in meter about
j Ideas and feelings and expatiates on them
' through the help of brilliant figures, but
he rises into a reerion of intense lyrical
feeling where every object is radiantly
alive with imaginative meaning and
I where beauty of imagi and music of
phrase work together to instill a mood
and a. thousht into the. render's mind.
There is also far more sensuous splendor
in these poems of the second period than
In Lowell's earlier work; the infpnse.
vibrant impressionism of "The Apnledore"
sketches in "Under tho Willows" fairly
rivals Mr. Swinburne's outdoor canvases,
and the title poem. "Under the Willows."
contains some lustrous river landscape
whose rich Impasto and emotional glow
will always be specially dear to dwell
ers by the Charles. The poems of Low
ell's third period, to be found for the
most part in "Heartsease ami Rue." are
often supgestjve of Landor. They are for
the most part permeated with a genial
worldly wisdom through which there
often sounds a note of Horatian half
playful sadness. They seem tho work of
an accomplished scholar who smiles out
upon life and back upon his earlier years
of Ideal enthusiasm with kindly tolerance
and yet by no means with entire dis
belief in Ideals and certainly without
cynicism.
Though Lowell was greatly Long-fel
low's superior in vigor of thought, he
had not Longfellow's singing instinct;
too often In Lowell's verse the prose in
tellectual processes fall to "pass In music
out of sight." As an essayist and a
writer of literary "causeries" he Is with
out a rival among our American authors
His urbanity, his common sense and de
licious worldly wisdom, his large and sane
outlook over life, his union of scholarship
with artistic sensitiveness, his Inexhaust
ible geniality and his Inveterately busy
sense of humor unite to give his essays
perennial charm and value.
LEWIS E. GATES.
Harvard University.
LITERARY TALKS AND REMINISCENCES.
Copyright, 190O, by Seymour Eaton.
Martin Kelly i^ rlated over his recent
triumph In organizing the Municipal Con
vention. Up is doubly exalted in his own
<'Ftixnation because he compelled Bogus
Toiegrum I-ynch. Dibble and Goldberg,
v. ho sought to exclude him from a confer
ence, to take his orders. Kelly has no
The Story gof-s that Martin Kelly, fol
lowing advice given by Sam Rain^y. has
resolved that a blanket County Commlt
•.¦¦«¦ :-!i«tll fcw* named by Bergerot. Repub
licans should understand that Rainey and
Kelly <*.o politics one for the other It is
important to the cause of bosslsm that
t li»> county committees should be com
jiope/l of programmers. The blanket
M-hcmf will rifrprive district delegations
»>f a voic<' in the selection of county com-
ins influence may be. exerted against the o'her
¦i— unbridl«-<l «nd unlicensed course jnj the
i. .ad and unchecked career of the bossr«.
Notwithstanding th»> evident unfairness and
lh» mar.ifoct !nr<;ms>*t»>n<*y of the chairrra:i In
his rottOC*. and n'.mithftandir.g the r^rniLious
« i iur<~>l »xi'ri>-<i ©v*-r him and th* convection
by the malevolent influence of the bos=«<>s. and
tho !:!i<J<->ubie-<l Injury r*"sMltir.g to the party
tf.erPfrom. your committee rwotnm»ncli that
the Bnti-bwe «1H<Ttates do n<n abf-tain from
ai pe»rin*? at the future sessions of the con
wnticn, a» threatened by many, but that they
»-li<ruld attend the game, so that tome resiruln-
A. Rucf. 1^. A. Gibbons. H. E. Holmes,
J. P. McMurray and Charles L. Field, who
w* re appointed by the anti-bofs conter
• nor in Shiols Hall. last Wednesday even
ing, have ma.de the following recomm»nd
4-tion:
• o Rf-pubiiorin nominees for Congress, but
ihey will scan the nomination? madf> by
Boss K«ny> municipal convention and
\ ote 8F conscience dictates. A vote
PRainM Dibble in the Forty-first District
will not lm:xril th* national ticket. A
¦vote for him will I^r.d aid and comfort to
The h"tses-.
r-.d vote for McKinley and 'Roosevelt and
Something Fhould be done to establish
confidence in the convention. In this line
mining could be letter than the expul
sion of Kelly and the reMgnati'jn of Ber
perot.
The- notion that Republicans of charac
ter and standing will forget evorytJung
before electing jay Is erroneous. The
5 arty i»» composf-d of intelligent and inde
; undent voters, who will go to the polls
• -I executed Martin Kelly's rank pro
gramme, ought to be excused because har-
Mnny is defired.
]t is noted that certain •weak politicians
rbo went over to Phelan last year, be
ause Horace Davis consented to an orci
bit interview with Martin Kelly, are
;<lea<Uac that Bergerot. who was plaoe-d in
ruination by Martin Kelly, and accepted
Ftot District— Ukiah. Friday. October 26;
f«n Jlafael, Saturday, October 27; Eureka,
¦Wednesday, October SL
The clean anti-boss Republicans of San
Francisco deeply regret the fact that a
boss cloud hangs over the Municipal Nom
inating Convention. It was hoped that the
•JFiegat^*, in view of the universal desire
for harmony, would displace the tempo
rary chairman selected by Martin Ke:ly,
but the action of the body in making Ber
gerot permanent chairman caused great
tiepress-ion in the ranks of the party. The
eoutye of The Call. In opposing Martin
Kelly and his henchmen, is highly com
mended by the business men, merchants,
¦u^rkingmen and other good citizens of
[republican faith. A few weak program
mers and boss sympathizers fancy that
:h«? scandal caused by Kelly's dictation
hhould be suppressed or lightly passed
• •ver, but this journal is firm in the belief
:(:at any compromise with bosses will
weaken the party. Republican success
<a!i be achieved by driving the bosses out
. ; power and not by meeK submission to
The agitation on the part of the Re
publican State Central Committee for the
immediate registration of all voters who
have failed to register this year is havin?
r, pood effect.
All citizens should bear in mind that
•-,e law requires every voter to re-register
f^r the general election this year. Many
residents ctlll entertain the notion that
•hey can vote this year without re-regis
terlng If they have not changed their
rlaces of residence eince the last election.
They to not eeein to comprehend that the
'.aw requires new registration throughout
the State. The opportunity afforded to
day for precinct registration should not
be overlooked.
The State Central Committee has
mapped out Governor Gage's campaign
tour. The Governor conferred with Col
onel Stone and Senator Cutter yesterday
and placed himself In their hands, author
izing the committee to send him wherever
Sn the judgment of the committee he could
render the party the best service as a
j-peaker. Accordingly it was arranged
that the Governor shouhi address the
people of San Francisco next Friday even
ing, September 2S. Other assignments
were made by Congressional districts as
toilows :
Second District— Stockton. Monday. October
:. Sacrarafntc. Wednesday. October 3; Marys
ville. Friday, October i>: Grass \ all«\ Sat
urds;-. Goober 6. ,
Se\er.th LH*trict-£aa l>i**o. Tuesday, Octo-
Iw-r ?; Santa Ana. Thursday. October XI; Rlv
#r*td*. Hiturday. October 13; San Bernardino.
Monday, October IS.
Sixth District— Loe Angeles. Wednesday, Oc
lobtf IT; Lop Angeles, Thursday, October 18;
i-anta Barbara. Saturday. October 20; Ventura.
Monday, October 22.
R»-v«>nih District— Kreano. 'Wednesdar. Octo-
hesitation in Baying that I>ynch and Dib
ble shall hereafter rec*>Iv«- rather than
sive orders. In a general sense, good peo
ple who despise all nossfs and all boss
methods have more toleration for a fear
less and audacious boss than they have
for a cunning and cowardly boss politi
cian. Kelly has asserted his mastery of
the boss camp in a style somewhat dis
pleasing to Dibble, Lynch and Crimmlns,
but he has made it known to hi3 asso
ciates in the boss camp that goods cannot
be delivered without the Kelly "O.K."
Bogus telegrams may be played on the In
nocent and unsuspecting but not on Boss
Kelly. No doubt valuaole hints in this
Hn* of political management were ob
tained from Sam Rainey. When Kelly
took the floor and placed Bergerot in
nomination for temporary chairman he Is
sued a challenge of combat to the anti
bo*s Republicans of San Francisco. The
clpan Republicans are minded to accept
his challenge.
The Republican State Central Committee
Maps Out an Extensive Speaking Tour
for Governor Gage.
He Administers a Dose of Discipline to
Lynch, Dibble and' Others of His
Subordinates. .
BOSS KELLY IS ELATED
AND DULY ARROGANT
The Interview was very brief but cor
dial. It took place in the hotel corridor.
Mr. Knowlton promised to submit his case
in writing as requested. Supterintendent
Kirk said after vt\\ interview that he dis
liked .to be called upon to fettle questions
between the San Francisco school officials*,
whom he thought capable of taking care
of their affairs, but he would not shirk
his duty if he found the matter came with
In his jurisdiction. He said: "I am a
public servant and cannot avoid a re
sponsibility. I, of course, must hear both
Bides of this question before giving an
opinion."
But Superintendent Kirk' was not ready
to hear Knowlton verbally. "If.ycu will
put your case in writing and address it
to me I.will take the matter under con
sideration," said Kirk to Knowlton, add
ing:
"I am not sure whether this is a ques
tion for me to pass judgment upon. After
I have received your grievance in writing
I will decide whether or not It comes with
in my official Jurisdiction. If it does. I
will instruct Mr. Webster to Investigate
the causes and report the facts to me and
when I receive them I will try to decide
the matter."
Knowlton carried a small satchel, which
contained various papers and documents
which he intended to present to the State
Superintendent In defense of his case. He
had expected that Kirk would give him a
lengthy hearing:, as in a case of this kind
where pay has been withheld the defend
ant has the privilege of appealing to the
State Superintendent, whose ruling in the
matter is final.
State Superintendent Thomas J. Kirk
returned from the normal school confer
ence In San Jose yesterday afternoon and
ha found" Superintendent of Schools AVeb
eter and Vice Principal Knowlton, recent
ly suspended lor a year, awaiting him at
the Palace Hotel. Mr. Webster wrote to
Kirk a ¦ week ago that he desired to sea
him the first time he came to San Fran
clsco. Kirk was in the city for a short
time Wednesday, when he sent word to
Webster that he would see him Friday
afternoon.
State Superintendent Is Not Sure.
That He Has Authority to Ben
der Judgment in the
Dismissed Vice Principal
Must/Submit His Case
. in Writing.
KIRK HAS TALK
WITH WEBSTER
AND KNOWLTON
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 22, 1900.
Ellen Qabboes, a Notorious Thief
amid Biuiirglair, ami tlhe City
Prisoe,
WOMAN IN BLACK IS
AGAIN BEHIND BARS
To-morrow will be observed aa Toung
Men's Christian Association day in nearly
all of the churches of the city. Workers
from the institution will occupy several of
the pulpits. At 3 o'clock there will be' a
grand rally for men at the association
Association Day.
The Democratic State Central Commit
tee and the County Central Committee are
co-operating to make the opening rally of
the campaign at Mechanics' Pavilion to
night a notable event. -It will be accom
panied by all the noise, red fire, blare of
brass and enthusiasm that can be mus
tered for the occasion.
The •well-known Democratic clubs of the
city, as well as many of the district Bryan
and Stevenson clubs will attend in a
body. The marching clubs will be accom
panied by brass bands.
Charles A. Towne will be the speaker of
the evening. Many prominent Democrats
will occupy seats on the platform as vice
presidents of ' the meeting, and several
local speakers will make short addresses.
paign With a Great Hurrah.
TOWNE SZEETING TO-NTGHT.
The Democrats Will Open Their Cam-
THE CALL'S
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
LOWELL: CRITICAL STUDY BY PROF. GATES.
9
POSTUM CERE-flX.
NOT TOBACCO
But Coffee Was the Cause o£ the
Trouble.
An old veteran from Springfield,
Mass.. made a curious experiment in the
i:tc of tobacco and coffee. He says: "I
have been an incessant smoker for forty
years, using "at times twenty cigars a
day. besides several pipes. I was also
very fond of coffee.
'"In 1893 I noticed my stomach was
becoming weak and that I could not
retain my breakfast- Within six months
afterward I had arrived at that stage
where I vomited up at least five break-
fasts each week. The doctor claimed
that the sickness was caused by smok-
ing, fo I went under the care of Dr.
Barbault of Spencer. Mass., who cured
r.ic of «he tobacco habit. For eight
months I refrained from its use. but the
vomiting still continued. ;':¦;;*"'.-;
-Mv physician then attributed it *o
catarrh. 'so' I carefully dosed myself with
the catarrh cures, but the vomiting be-
came more severe, though not more fre-
quent. I therefore concluded to resume
my smoking and get as much comfort
U possible in that direction. I noticed
that the smoking did not increase the
vomiting. „ ...
•Quite a time after that I met a fnend
wbo in one minute put me on the rifcht
track by telling me that he was satisfied
that it was coffee that caused my trou-
ble. I stopped drinking coffee, and
withi-n a week the vomiting ceased cn-
-irrlv.
"Sho'lly after that I took" to using
Dostum Food Coffee and found it filled
sil the requirements of coffee. My
family arc using it rcgularlv. and likr it
as v.cll as> the best Java coffee, after be-
<-ora3ng accustomed to its use. We know
I 'rom practical exoerience of the bene-
ficial effects of Postum Food Coffee.
Plea?* omit my name." Name and
rddress can hr eiven bv Pqstum Cereal
Co., Lim., Battle Creek, Mich.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Pears'
Pretty boxes and odor*
are used to sell such
soaps as no one would
touch if he saw them un-
disguised. Beware of a
soap that depends *on
something outside of it.
Pears', the finest soap
in the world is scented or
not, as you wish; and the
money is in the merchan-
dise, not in the box.
AH'sorts of stores sell it, especially
druggists; all sorts of people ara
using it. . __"•NEW YORK. Sept. 21.-R. G. Dun & Co 's
Weekly Review of Trade to-morrow will say
The strike in the anthracite coal region which
has involved about 120,000 miners and probably
30.0CO ethers, is the overshadowing Influence in
business. This conflict disturbs business and
interferes with calculations of merchants over
a large part of the Atlantic seaboard nrM i«
really the only tangible check to the cen P r»1
recovery which set in with the larger demand
for Iron and «teel products. Outside of the an
thraclte industry enforced idleness of hand- la
an exception and even in the Pennsylvania
coal region other employers would gladly take
on thousands of the more intelligent miners Tho
Doscher Sugar Refinery closed down on accent t
of the scarcity of raw sugar, of which al' re
finers are estimated to hold only 40.000 tons
but the Loraine Steel Company Idle three
months, is starting its furnaces, with others t^
follow. Hesitation Incident to the Presidential
campaign is reflected !n decreased bank cleir
rr,FB., Wheat advanced sharply to S3- „„
Wednesday, helped by gloomy, reports "from
growing districts and free purchases at Vorih
west elevators. Sensational gains in prices
stopped foreign buying and has led tb heavy
liquidation and a reaction almost as lar-e ««
the previous movement. * ."
Cotton has felt the loss of consumption de
cllnlng heavily both In spot quotations and op
tion trading. Brighter crop news from Texas
also had a depressing effect. The cotton goods
market for a few days continued the strong
movement of last week, hut closed lesa excited
though bare of roods at first hands. ".
Heavy curtailment of production Is still the
rule. Standard brown Phseilngs again advanced
Kc, with other goods following.
' Bale* of. wool' at. the three principal markets
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— Sept . Dec.
Opening 6 2% 6 4%
Closing 6 2% 6 4»i
PARIS.
Wheat— Sept. Jan.-Apl.
Opening 20 30 2190
Closing 20 30 2185
Flour—
Opening 26 05 is 00
Closing 26 10 128 00
Chicago Livestock Market
CHICAGO, Sept. 21.— CATTLE— Receipts,
3300, including 500 .Western and 1600 Te.xans;
generally eIow; natives, 1 good to prime steer*,
$5 4i<36: poor to medium. S4 hti&b 40: selected
feeders. $3 S0®l 65; mixed stockers, $2 75@3 SO;
cows, S2 90^4 40; heifers. S3@5 10: canners. $2®
2 30; bulls. $2 60W4 60; calves, $4 50@6 BO; Texas
fed Bteers, $4 40@5 10; grasaers, $3 IO@4 3a:
bulls, $2 E0©3 CO.
HOCK— Receipts, 19,000: to-morrow, 14,000; left
over, .2000: average fully Be higher; active; top.
15 70: mixed and butchers, S5 200£5 70; good tj
choice heavy, $5 15^5 62% ; rou?h heavy, $3®
6 10; llcht, $5 SC05 70; hulk of sales $5 3005 35.
SHESP— RecelptB. 60C0: ahsep steady to »low;
NEW YORK. Sept. 21.— The following table,
compiled by Bradstreet. shows the bank clear
ings at the principal cities for the week ended
September 20. with the percentage of Increase
and decrease, as compared with the corre
sponding week last year:
_, Percentage.
dtles— Amount. Inc Dec
New York S764.615.957 3* 6
H'jfton .~ 97.S23.S90 .... 30*4
Chicago 125.O54.3S9 .... 6*4
Philadelphia S6.Ss3.351 .... 4*
St. Louis 23.SS3.6r3 6.8
Plttsburs 27.C18.S59 .-...
Baltimore 19.547,713 i*6
San Francisco 23,1.^0,505 13 9
Cincinnati 13.723,900 .... j'i
Kansas City 16,503.9*8 10.9
New Orleans 11.S71.368 44. S
Minneapolis U.t-80,156 36.6
Detroit 8,075.930 .... 4*5
Cleveland 1O.2SL47I .... 3 - i
I-GUisvllle 6,.'04.f.6S [.
Providence 5.414.i0O .... 17'j
Milwaukee 5.777.€t;i 4*3
St. Paul «,S11,S63 - in
RuiTalo n,2«0.17D 1.3
Omaha 6,854,8M .... ii'i
Ir.diar.apolls 6.170,720 16.«
Columbus. 0 4.573.400 ii'7
Savannah 8.260.407 167.0
r«-nver 4,203.234 6.0
Hartford 2.226.683 .... 4*5
Richmond 3,059.074 .... 15*5
Memphis 2.053,313 7.J
Washington 1.S70.17J .... 3 4
I'eoria. 2.0OS.24S «'«
Rochester 1.S13.5C0 .... . |.
New Haven 1.304.715 .... u 9
W.jrcwtcr l.(T8,4C2 '
Atlanta 1.M2.51S 14.1
Sait Lnke City 2.522.73S 2.1
Sprincfleld. Mass.. 1.1M.8.-.0 13 i
Fort Worth 1.66Ti,232 26.2
Portland. Me 1.045,267 .... 33 4
Port'.ar.d Or 5.494,207 47.3
ft. Jo«p;.h S.511.851 35
Lns Ar.ljelei... 2,411.26? 42. S
Norfolk 3.3!«fi.*7S 18. (
Syracuse ".. 1,052,764 .... 6Jj
Dcs Moines 1.3S5.S28 .... s.J
Nashville lJVi.lZt 4 $
Wilmington. Del.... 912,jGi J.7
I-nl! River 6.'^.2ni 2.0 X....
Sorantcn »l*5,408 e i
Orav.d Hapids 1.237,593 4.5
AupuRta. Ca 2.VO.C37 27.2
Lowell 436.S9S .... u j
r>ayton. O _ LSl^lSO 43. E
KeattU 3.277.S77 24.1
Tao;:na 1.233.715 2.3
S;>okane 1.23S.f89 .... 4 7
Sioux City 1.223.074 12.7
New Bedford 356.4*3 U 1
Knoxville. Tenn C.-.-..2J4
Torjeka 1,0»2.4SI 62. J
BlrmlnRham 748,056 18.1 ....
Wichita 472.SW 3.»
Blachaiuton 356,700 li.l
Oats gave another exhibition of standing
In their own tracks. October closed firm &c
improved at 21Ti@22c.
Provisions were quiet and Irregular, lard
showing up as the weak sister of the trium
virate. The lard selling- had the appearance
of a hammer out for the purpose of making
somebody loosen up on October lard. Pork
closed 63 higher, lard 10c lower and ribs Z^c
better.
The leading futures ranged u follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
September 77 7S\4 77 78»t
October 7S 78H 76% 7314
November 78% 79tf 77% 79*.
Corn No. I —
September 83T4 40TJ 39\ 40V4
October 38>.i 38% 38^ SS«4
November 38ft 36',* S6H 36'4
Oats N'o. 2—
September 21\£ 21H 21^4 21%
October 21% 22 21H 22
November 22H 22H 22 22V&
Mess Pork, per barrel-
October 12 13 12 30 12 05 12 15
January 1150 1155 11 42H 1145
Lard, per 100 pounds —
October 7 15 7 15 7 05 7 07H
November 7 15 7 15 7 02H 7 05
January 6 80 6 80 6 72ft €75
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds-
September ...., 7 SO 7 85 7 70 7 70
October 7 40 7 42% 7 S7<4 7 42«£
January 6 12V4 ft 15 6 07^4 6 10
Cash quotations were aa follows: Flour,
steady; No. 3 spring wheat. 724778c; No. 2 red,
ism'JMc; No. 2 corn. 4OVi@41cf No. 2 yellow.
40%^T41c: No. 2 oats, 21=>;ff?22c; No. 2 white, 23V1
tfj.26c; No. 3 white. 24fl25»4c: No. 2 rye. S3c;
£ood feedinK barley, 39^42c; fair to choice
maltinp, 52gG6c; No. '1 fla.xseed, $1 51; No. 1
Northwestern, $1 62; prime timothy seed. $4 30®
4 40; mess pork, per barrel. $12 15@12 20; lard,
per 100 pounds. S7 07V4®7 17>4: short-rib sides
<Ioose). $7 6Ci}7 SO; dry salted shoulders (boxed).
$6 23(g8 37'i: short clear std« (boxed), $8 lOJf
8 20; whisky, bnsls of high wines, $1 26; sugars,
unchanged; clover, contract grade. $10.
Articles — Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 24.000 8.00O
Wheat, bushels 322,000 ' 8.C00
Corn, bushels ,....638.000 557.C00
Oats, bushels 312,000 379,000
Rye. bushels 11.000 4.0X0
Barley, buyhels 60.000 — 12.000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was firm; creamery, 15@21c; dairy. 13®
18c. Cheese, firm, 10Vi@H%c. Eggs, firm;
fresh. 1514016c.
Local stocks and bonds continued dun.
Alaska Packers' sold up to J125.
The Yukon Oil Company Is payinj a dividend
of 2c per share.
The Rex Crude Oil J Company will p*y a
dividend of 3c per share on the 24th.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
FRIDAT. Sept. JX-» p. m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
B!d.A«k. 1 P<d.A«St
4s quar coup..HS 117 <s do cp (n«tr)134 139
Am do res 115 113 2a do coup. ...109 119
MISCELLANEOUS TlONDaL
Cal-st Cab Is. 1184 — [Oak Water 5a. — 1C3
C C Water 5S.1> S'-jKKU [Oceanic S3 5s. 107%! —
Ed L & P 6s.. 129*4 — Ora C Ky 6s... 123^ —
F & Cl Ky 63.. — — Pac G Imp 4».101W —
Geary-st R Ss. — UO P & Cl Ry 89. 104 —
H C & S 5>>s. — — P & O R R Ib.113 _
Do is — 105 Powell-st R «3ll7 —
L A Ry 68....1Q7H— Pa* L <V*K.-.«.ntoti —
L A Lt Co 6a. — — S F & S.IV 5s.l20 121
Do gntd 8s.. — — P R of Cal 6s.UlVilllS
L A gratd 5s. ..1(X> 102^'S P of A 6s Ul^lUVa
I, A P R R 5s. — 101 * S P C t>s (1305)
Market-st 6s...l2S l i — I (Series A)....— 113
Do 1st M Is. 117i» — I Po f£er1»» mill —
N C N G R 7s. — 113 ;S P C «s (130«).113H —
N H «t Cal «s.lU — I Do (1312) 121V122H
Do 0s US'illS'Ji I S P R lKt gntd — —
NPCKRSs.im - ispn-«s m\ -
Do 5s 1C6H — S V "Water «s.l!3 114
N Cal Ry «s.. — 111 Do U 103 104
' Oak U I. A H.I!* — Do 3d mtsr.-.lOl 3^ —
OaJc Tran 8J..117 — Stockta Oas Sa — 10r«i
WATER STOCKS.
Contr» Costa.. €3^ — Pprins Valley. X\i 98^
Mann County. 51' 3 —
GAS AND ELECTRIC STOCKS.
Cent G L Co.. — — Pac L Co 43 «H
Cent L & P Co — 5 Sac El G&RCo 33 —
Eqult O L Co. 3\i 3H 5 F O & E.... 53H 53*i
Mutual El Co. 10 11 San Francisco. S i»
OOL&H — 50 IStknG&ECo— li
Pac Gas Imp.. — S2H>
LNSTJTiAN'CE STOCKS.
Flrem/a Fund.ZCS — I
BANK STOCK3.
Anirlc-Cal Ltd «3 — Lon P & A.... 132* —
Bank of Cal...4i» — Merchants' Ex li —
Cal S D * T..1<T5 — Nev Nat Bi... — —
First Nat!onl..237;4S0O
SAVINGS BANK3.
Ger S & L....1S60 — Bav & L So.... — OH
Hum rs « L.. — — Sec Sav Bit — —
Mut Sav Bit... 4.114 — 1 Union T Co.... — —
S F Sav U....5074 — 1
STREET RAILROAD STOCKS.
California 123 — jO S LA H.... — 49
Geary-»t — — I Presidio . — XS14
Market-st «7 «7*i)
POWDER STOCK!
California — 1«H ViKorlt ...~~ »% *H
Giant Con Co. sr.Vi, S,"" 1 *
Sl'GAlt STOCKS.
Han* S P Co 7 T s — Kilauea 9 P C «H fl
Haw C& SCO- S3 Makawell S Co 44 44<4
Ho^okaaT^ Co -•«0 T i » i^nomca S Co.. 23 2S4
Suwh" I Co! S - Paauhau S Co. M% 31%,
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Al Pack A«sn.t:5 1^ Pac A F A.... 1% _
cL^ruVA^n.; - r»« Clg g^BX*
Oceanic S Co.. 33U *3*S
Morning Session.
Board—
5 Alaska Tackers* Association, cash.. 123 00
COfiO Los Ar.pelea Itailway 5s 107 zo
J1UC0 N P C R R 5s !06 73
80 S F Gas & Electric Co n 75
ZW S V G— ltth* » 3 5 0O
51 Sprlr.c Valley Water 94 ;o
Street—
S14.0CO Oceanic Steamship Bonds 107 37^
Afternoon Session.
Board —
5 Alaska Packers' Association 123 CO
15 Cor.tra Costa Water 70 CO
5 Giant Powder Con £¦> JO (
SSOOO Sacramento Elec Gas & Ry Is . ' 10t) 25
Street —
$3000 Edison LAP Bonds 130 00
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Kxchange, 60 days _ $4 $414
Sterling Exchange, sight 4 SS
Pterllng Cables 439
New York Exchange, sight — 05
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 0714
Fine Silver, per ounce — C2.v
Mexican Dollars, nominal 50 Q h
Wheat and Othc"r Grains.
WHEAT— Liverpool and Paris were lower.
New Tork declined at the opening, but after^
ward advanced.
' Chicago opened steadier, but declined. The
demand was moderate. Broomhall cabled a
good milling demand at Liverpool. The North
west was a good buyer on the Chicago market
and the weather was better In that section!
being clear and cold. The settled weather was
expected to throw the market back upon the
export business.
In the local market futures advanced, but
the spot market was unchanged.
Spot Wheat— Shipping. Jlua@106%; Milling,
U10S1UK.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session — 9:15 o'clock — December- — 2000
Ctls. Jl CS% ; 2000, $1 08%.
Second Session— December— 2000 ctls, Jl 0914.
Repular Morning Session— December— 4000 ctls,
$109: 3000. I1C9U: 4000. $1 C9&: 12.000 $109. May
—10.000. Siis 1 *: 6coo. n 15%: coco, $1 ih%.
Afternoon Session — December— -6000 ctls SI 08 7 i-
May-20.C00, jl 15%.
BARLEY— Trade Is at a standstill and quota
tions are nominal.
Feed. 70<iJ72>*c for No. 1 and 65@67%c for off
Krades; Brewing and Shipping grades, 77H©
82ftc; Chevalier, nominal.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— No sales.
Second Session — No sales.
Regular Morning Session — No sales.
Afternoon Session — No sales. '
OATS— The market Is unchanged, the move
ment being fair at the old prices. Stocks con
tinue free.
White, $1 1501 30: Surprise. SI 3531 40; Red
SI 10@l SO: Gray, »1 10®l 20; Dlack. for feed,
SI 11<fii 15: for seed. $1 16«S1 20 per ctl.
CORN— There are no quotations, for there Is
none here.
KYE— 87%g90e per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— Nominal.
Flour and Millstuffs.
FLOUR— California Family Extras. S3 60®
3 75. usual terms; Bakers' Extras, S3 4003 50;
Oregon, and Washington, S2 73@3 10 per barrel
for family and 13 15®3 50 for bakers'; Eastern.
$4 75®5 75 per barrel.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are as fol
lows.' usual discount *o the trade: Graham
Flour. S3 per 100 -lbs; Rye Flour. S2 75; Rye
Sleal. S2 50: Rice Flour. S7; Corn Meal. $2 75;
extra cream do, $3 50; Oat Groats, $4 50; Hom
iny,- J3 5CQ3 75; Buckwheat Flour, J434 25;
Cracked Wheat. $3 50; Farina. $4 50'; Whol»
Wheat Flour. $3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels). $6©
7 25: in sacks, S3 75@7; P«arl Barley. S3; Split
Peas, J5; Oreen Peas, $5 50 per 100 lbs.
Hay and Feed stuffs.
Hay Is firmer, owing to less excessive re
ceipts and a car of fine wheat sold at $12 50.
, Bran and Middlings are firm at the advance
already noted.-
BRAN— fl3«?lG BO per ton.
MIDDLINGS— |13i^21 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. $16@17 50 per
ten; Oilcake Meal at the mill. $2B'?27: Jobbing,
$27 &0®2S: Cocoanut Cake. I20&21; Corn Meal.
S2C1327: Cracked Cora, J26 50<af27 50; Mixed Feed
f 13 S0>» 14.
HAY — Volunteer. S4 E0<3>7: Wheat. 110*012;
Wheat and Oat, $? 50*711 CO; Oat, $S@10: Clover.
SiftC; Alfalfa. $337 50; Barley, Jti 0033 SO per
STRAW— 30®37Hc per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
Business Is dull In Beans. There is a demand,
but it cannot be filled, for there are not enough
coming in.'.. ,
BEANS— Bayos, $2 40<S2 50; Small White. $4;
Large White. S2 C0©2 65; Pink. $2 25C2 £0: Red.
S3 23; Blackeye. S3 25: Lima. $3 I5Q3 2o; I'ea.
none here; Red Kidneys, S3 25S3 60.
SEEDS — Brown •¦ Mustard. S%ff4c; Yellow
Mustard. <*i©5c: Flax, }2£2 £0; Canary, 2 ; ic
per lb for California and 4c fcr Eastern; Al-
CHICAGO. Sept. II.— "With Liverpool only %d
lower. In the face of the slump r-ere yesterday,
there was some buying of wheat when the
market opened— October at 7Sc to 77T»c. The
steadiness was short-lived, however, for heavy
amounts were for sale under the influence of
clear and cool weather In the Northwest. The
stuff bought early was unloaded In the gen
eral rush cf liquidation and before the bulls
could muster any force, October had declined
to 76T4c. A good ehlpplngr demand made Its
appearance. Commission houses had heavy
buying orders, which had been waiting for the
market to cet under 77c. Northwest markets,
easy early, turned strong and damage reports
from the spring wheat territory were numer
ous and very gloomy. Estimates of a bO.OOO.CKXi
bushel crop were made and a French crop or
gan estimated a shortage In the world's crop
of 120.OCO.000 bushels. Local shorts, moved by
these considerations, found wheat hard to get
and a sharp rally to 7S^4@7Si4c for October fol
lowed. The close was strong, October $iC over
yesterday at 7S 1 ic
Corn was weak early, strong later and n.t all
times quiet. October closed %@V4c higher.
NEW YORK. Fept. 21.— There was cor.sid
rrable further liquidation in to-day's stock
market, but prices showed e^rr.e resistance a.'.'.
day and In the later trading there was quUe
general recoveries on the »»arly .esses and small
net fcains are the rule. The lat» recovery did
r.ot. however, bring rri^es fully up to the
.,;.<r.:f.g level. Buying by arbitrage brokers
¦a!., r. :he market oi*ned here was responsible
Icr 'b* advance and the buying for London
account wa*> estimated at close to 2^.003 sharf«.
Tbe professional operators in New York seemed
sufpiclous of the rise in London and of the
h.ieh f>j*nlns made in e"tne of the specialties,
1. tably and Brooklyn Transit. They
therefore Bold these etneks with assurance a'
t !".«* n;ph lev«rl. Yesterday's ratner violent
cl'.n* had the inevitable effect of cttraetintr
considerable stllir:^ orders from outslit
* lurees. Prices therefore yieMed very gen
erally after the c;>er.!ns ar.d declines ranging
irom 1 to 1H points were effected In a ioTUi
l!Ft of stocks. People's Gas was especially
affoct^ tad Iwt V*. and General Electric as
much. Louisville was the weakest of the rail
r.a.J :ift and (»-!l at one time a i^ini under
last -niphi. S'.me wider declines were made
bjr newly awak»-n<s; d-Ttnant s--ttA?ks. Cor.sid
«-r;nB the rarisje of thi? movement the day'n
t.nai <-han>:e? will b*» found 6urprisinKly small,
a consummation which yupg'ests a general clos
ing up >.tl speculative accounts. That th«
¦fa 'T-.m wre Li:>ers on a larpe was pal
j'Ht"t,»t ."^" I the circulation of thf? favorite canatil
at the PresUcct'a d>>at!i went to show that
the bears wen> rather hard pressed* The forv
<ast of an unfavorable bank statement, the
developments in the miners' strike and the re
jjort tr.at an atr«-mem between fteel operators
uri* tnejr empl< yes seerr,«-i1 improbable, did not
jiij.-T to trekkea Che market an they had bee:s
dhraovnted by y«st.»-r>iay'B seilinjr.
P. r.iis continued reactionary ar.d did not rally
with Ftock.-. Total Fales. rar value, J3J»S.OO0.
I'rited States (m and new 4s declined •» per
cent in tJ;<; toUl price.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Shares Closing
S.,1.1. Sto<k— Bid.
l".:-»> Atcfalaoa 26?i
U.tot Atcfalaoa ir"ia cs
l::'J> Ualttmore & Ohio «*.#
•Ja:i«»dian I'acinc 87
.... . < - £.r.ada Southern 4S
S.CCS Cbeaa4.«aike & Ohio 26 J i
37:, <-h!cajro «Jrfat Western 10
:i."".'. CtUc&KO HurlinKton & Quincy IH^
100 Chicaco Ir.d A- Louisville 21
Chicago InJ & Louisville prefd 53
<:.h:ca4«ro & ElaFtem Iilioois 'j€\i
*<O Cbieasa A Northwestern ll*\*
2.T-i Chicago Hock Island & Pacific 104^
i,2l« C C «: A iSt JjrtV.e ;s
3^4 Colorado fouthern 6\«
(y.ijrnilo Southern 1st prefd s>j
Coktrm<2o Bouthern Zd preti 14
»w iMiaware & H«^ W-i
i".<j 3 ii-'.ywnrc- I-arkau.'.rir.a & 'Western. .17I 1 -
, r .i0 Ln-nvor <S. Rio Oand<? IS
Deaver iiin On'.nde rrefd 63
En« IJS
3.;23 Krie IjI rrefd il-,
Gseat Northcm prefd 149'~
HCCking Coal 12-i
9C) Hcking Valley 2iu
tS5l XlUnol* Central 1H**
100 Iowa Oftntral l s
2<ji kwi Central srefd 40
l^ak«- Krie Ac U>stern 2i\
I^akc Krie & Western prefd i<2V>
Lttke tshcre 2"5 "
lO.r^a Louisville & Nashville t;S%
4,I''J Manhattan devalcd S6'i
1.175 Mctr..i~.litan Strt-«t tUihny 14S»»
3"0 Mexican CVntnil jo*;
400 Mlnr.eai.oli8 & St I>ju!s o t
.... i. M'nr.espolis ft ft Louis prefd VI
S.:70 KiMonrl I'acinc rrti
MobtX & Ohio ..p u%
....... Missjiri hhnv'n .t Texan t
450 iiirjiourl Kansas Sc Texu pr*t<l 1 ( "V»
T.<JO New Jersey Central i^j
IM'JS JCeW York Ontral U.»i
l.:.",0 Norfolk A: Western z>
I'M Norfolk ai Wtrtern prefd ;i
7.i«W North--rn i'acinc j-j;i
¦10 Northern Pacific iTefd C.'>i
i.a-0 Ontario * Wettem » 19» 4
<.)r-gon Kail way A: Nav <;'
Or-s.ir. Hallway &. Xav r.refd 7«>
K.500 Pecr^yhaal* 123'4
3E9 Jtei.oTTjf 1J.
7,:?0 Reaitsr ist prefd t;i,
*<Al nti(.'.r.K id prefd J4jj
liio <.-.¦;.• Western ;.ii
.'. XJio «Jra.r.de e\Vet*-rn prefd 80
1-jC St Ixiuts & San Fran .-rj
T10 St L»iui» & San Kran 1st prefd 63
1,4'« Ft I>iii!6 t San Fran Id prefd 3;4
- 110 £t I-ouis Sou thwer tern i;\
I.CW St :.-.:•- Southwestern prefd 15
li.210 Bt Paul 111--4
?t Paul urefd 173
6t Paul Ac Omaha 110
C.'A'j Southern Pacinc 3i't
fch Southern Itailway 11
T.i'-l Fouthem Hallway prefd E2'/i
*(>ii T«a« *; I'aciCc 14^»
ri.l«0 Colon I^aclHc ;.......... M»«
a ITnifn Paclfl c prefd 71%
BWaLafh i>rr?<l 1Cv4
WbaaUas A Lake Erie b%
"^•hetlinir & Lake Erie 23 preld 2Hi
Tl'iFconKln Centra.1 II
Third Avenue 109
Express Conu>anle»— %
AuiuJ ••••••••••••••••• ••••••••••l£l
EASTERN MARKETS.
.Vrt: 1 York Stock Market.
Business failures for the week In the United
States number 1E3. as against 167 last week 147
lnd h 32lTn el lS96 year ag °* 1S2 '" m§# W ln ' 1SS7
Canadian failures number 21 as against 24 last
m e »97 1 ana% t 4 k! in?S < £ k * *'** BS °- " g 1SS8 '
Fiom July 1 to date, this season, wheat ex
ports were 3S.519.C90 bushels, against 46 6-13 SCO
bushels last reason and 41.694,013 bushels' in
1&9S-99.
Wheat, including flour, shipments for the
week aggregate 3,535.857 bushels, against 4 665
9S2 bushelo last week, 4.630,765 bushels In the
corresponding week of 1S93. 5,224.927 bushels in
1S98. 5.708,825 bushels In 1S97 and 3,930,466 bushels
In 1S^6. * *
The next week will probably see final action
taken as to the remaining wage scale, as tc
which depressing reports are current, 'in the
general metal market the feature was the col
lapse of tin prices, due to the reports of the
smashing of the tin corner. '
Raw cotton and cotton coeds have parted
company as to prices this week. The rush of
buyers to secure stocks has advanced print
cloths, ginghams, bleached goods, prints
and, in fact, nearly all classes of cottons, while
materially reducing stocks In the hands of com
mission men and Jobbers. Meet manufacturers
are refusing to take orders ahead except "at
value," based ucon the cost of the raw ma
terial. A little more is reported doing in raw
wool, but It Is mostly to supply current needs
of manufacturers and no large amounts of wool
can be moved, except at concessions. The spring
business in men's woolen is still disappoint
ing. Reports of damage to grain shocked in the
Northwest are reinforced by Northwestern buy
ing at Chlcaco and furnished the key to the
advance of near 2c In wheat this week fol
lowed by a gain of 20c to 25c In flour and of l>,ic
In corn. Some of this advance In wheat was
afterward lost In realizing. Other farm prod
ucts were higher, pork and lard advancing on
better export business and butter and chee»e on
Improved weather. Iron and steel are rather
quiet as a whole and some weakness is noted
In Southern pig and steel billets at Pittsburgh
On th« other hand finished products are as a
rule firm and bars are to be advanced $1 at Chi
cago. Export Inquiry continues good, but the
high ocean rates and the scarcity of any kind
of freight room renders the outlook uncertain
In the meanwhile American bars and plates are
underselling brand Scotch goods at the latter
points of productions. r
The unfavorable turn given the general indus
trial situation by the strike of anthracite coal
miners and the possibility of wage disputes In
the Iron trade, with rather less activity In the
latter industry and some increase of weakness
in the prices of cruder forms, have given an ap
pearance of Irregularity to the general trade
and business situation. On the other hand the
course of staple prices has been very generally
upward this week, fall distribution of dry
goods, clothing, hats and mtllnery has been of
large volume at nearly all maikets, there Is a
decidedly better . tone noted in the boot and
shoe and kindred trades and the strength of
cqtton goods, though apparently in excess of
that shown by the raw material, is Indicative
of the confidence on the part of manufacturers.
The premature opening due to hot, dry weather
Is responsible for a portion of the heavy move
ment of cotton to market, but back of this o£
course is the desire to profit by the exceedingly
good prices ruling. The rush of receipts has
been too much for the bull movement, however,
and the prices materially lower on the week.
NEW YORK, Sept. 21.— Bradstreet's to-mor
row will say:
Bradstreet's on Trade.
NEW YORK, Sept 21.— The market for evap
orated apples ruled rather quiet, but about
steady at unchanged prices. State common was
quoted from 3<35c; prime, 49i@5c.
California dried fruits were Inactive.
PRUNES— S^QT^c per pound, aa to slza and
quality.
APRICOTS— Royal. ll^Uc; Moorpark, ll®16c.
PUACHES— Peeled. 14&lSc; unpeeled. 6®9c.
DRIED FRUIT,
NEW YORK. Sept. 2L— FLOUR— Receipts,
204,100 barrels; shipments, 21,000 barrels; mar
ket quiet but fairly steady, with not much
change, except for a slight decline In spring
patents.
WHEAT— Receipts, 34.S50 bushels; sales, 350,
000 bushels futures. 160,000 bushels exports; spot
firm. No. 2 red, 83%c f. o. b. afloat; No. 1
Northern Duluth. Sl^ic t. o. b. afloat. Options,
after a steady opening, declined rather sharply
from the effects of further liquidation and
weakness of the Northwest markets. This was
followed later in the day by a full recovery
on demand from all sides, based on favorable
weekly wheat and flour clearances and a sharp
Jump in corn, closed firm, %c net advance.
March, SG^fc^Hc. closed S7\4c; May, 86M.W
87 l-16c. closed 87c; September, 81%@S2^tc,
closed ?2?ic; October, 82@52%c closed 82»jc;
December, S3 9-16<£84&c, doeed S4^c.
HOPS-Quiet.
HIDES— Steady.
WOOL— Dull.
COFFEE— Spot Rio, quiet; No. 7 invoice, 8%c
nominal; mild, quiet. Futures closed steady,
with prices 5@10 points net lower. Total sales,
20.2£0 bags. Including: October. $6 95: Novem
ber, $7 05: December, J7 15; February. $7 30;
March. $7 35(57 40; May, $7 40.
SUGAR— Raw, strong; fair refining, 4Uc;
centrifugal, S6 test, 5c; molaeses sugar, ' 4c.
Refined, firm.
BUTTER— Receipts, 3630 packages; strong,
creamery. 164iff21Vic; June creamery. lSVsS^lc;
factory. 14S16V4C
EGGS— Receipts, 4192 packages; strong. West
ern regular packing at mark, 12V4@17%c; West
ern, loss off, 19V£c.
Blackberries, dr. .25.240 Plums. peT 1b ?© S
Crabacples. per lb 4rt 5 Quinces, per lb... 43 5
Cantaloupes. ea...lO'515| Raisins, per lb.... *-ai*
Figs, per 1T> 6® 6 i Raspberries, dr...30$38
Crapes, per lb 4« 6 Peaches. p«r lb... iff •
Watermelons, ea^US^ Strawberries, per
Nutmeg Melon*. drawer .....K7N0
each -OS Walnuts, per Ib..l5©—
Vegetables-
Artichokes. dos...S"'ra^1On!oc3t per lb S1» S
Beets, doz 12S15 Okra, green pr lb.10313
Beans, white, 1T>.. 50 6 Peppers, green lb SftlO
Colored, per lb. *9 E'Pctatoe". per lb.. 3fJ S
Lima, per lb — « 8'Sweet Potatoes... 89 4
Cabbage, each 631? Parsnijs. per do %. 15 & —
Cauliflowers each 5fil0i Radishes, Ax bchslfrail
Celery, bunch S®— 'Pace. <1c« bnchs. .25-^3.5
Cress doi bnchs.20-<?25 String Beans, ft.. AQ I
Cucumbers, pr AZ.10&— Summer Squash,
Egg Plant, lb S«lrt per lb ttf» 5
Green Corn. <1oa..lO<SJo| Thyme, per lb. . . JP-QV)
Oreen Peas, lb 41? 5! Turnips, per 4oa. 10-37*
Lettuce, per doz.l5#— I Tomaioe*. per lb. 4^ 1
Fish—
Rarracuda. 12-ff— IPhad 1&5»—
Carp 8-7nQ;Pea n.-ss. ...... — <&:$
Codfish 120— • Smelts 120—
Flounders saiO'Sr.jes 10a—
Halibut 10-a— iSkates, each 8S13
Klnzflsh 9fJ— jTomcod — 4J10
Mackerel 15<3 — j Clams, gallon KK»— •
Do. Horse 12«-*?— I Do hardshell, lb SlS—
Perch insist Crabs, each 12H®—
Pomplno 90®— | Do softshell. dz.40^-
T>"rkf!*h — <810 1 Mussels, quart.... BJI19
Salmon, fresh — <5>— ! Oysters. Cal. 10O. .4<*3M
Do. amoked — filZ I Do Eastern. dox25©40
Shrimps S310'
each 5ftf?73; Hare. ea.r!i —©20
Old Rooster*. ea..4Ai»i.r.O Doves, per doz...90rfCJl
Fryers each 4n«45 1 Srousw. pa!r..$l E0^T3 00
Broilers, each SOS 10 ; 'age Hens. patr...80<375
Turkeys, per lb..-15<S20;3u.ail. per doz. ..$333 50
Ducks, each 5O<g60 English .Snipe,
Oeese, each...Jl 5031 75: per iozen $2 E0C3
Fruits and Nuts-
Almonds. p«r Ib..l5®— |Oran«res, do« 15JSC3
Apples 4O ! Lines, per do*.. .12315
Bananas, dozen. . .1^320 Lemons, doa V>f} —
Coal Is rery firm !n th» wholesale markets
and Cannel is dearer.
Butter and Eggs are no higher, bat botlj ar*
slowly getting dearer in the wholesale markets.
Poultry Js very plentiful, aa it Is coming la
from all quarters. Game Is still scarce.
Fruits and Vesatablea ar» atoont the B*n:«
as last week.
Coal, per ton —
Cannel ...... $ ©14 00 \ SotrthfleM
Wellington .. ©11 00' Wellington CH •?»
Seattle 0 00@ ICoos Bay...- — — © 7 W
Dairy Produce, rtc.^
Butter, per sir... 35055 Ranch Eggs, per
Do, per roll 3'^*', dozen BQt!
Cheese, Cal 12@15 Honey Comb, per
Cheese. Eastern... 17*20 pound 159»
Cheese. Swiss 20fMS Do. extractsd—.10©U
Common Eggs 25S-0
Meats, per lb—
Bacon i;<ftl7 ! Porte. *alt ~l*3tS
Beef choice 15^2rt'Porli Chops 15tJlS
Do ko<x1 10-312 1 Round Steak 10<& —
Corned B«ef — ©10 ; Sirloin Steak 15<i» —
Ham '.IZ'tt 17 1 Porterhouse do....20^—
Lard — ai5j Smoked Beef — «2tS
Mutton l««13 Pork Sausage*.. lSHrho
Lamb loai'.IVeal _ —CH
Pork, fresh 15^131
Poultry and Game-
Hens, each 5<y3«3; Pigeons, pair..... .VHfT.9
Young Boosters. Rabbits, pair WgX>
bad effect i:pon the market. London was very
quiet and took no share in our market, and the
trading in the early part of the week was en
tirely professional.
to carry such Immense masses of security with
out difficulty. A retrenchment of loans was
therefore considered a possibility which had a
» -: a.
NEW TORK, Sept. 21.— Bradstreet's financial
review to-morrow will ray:
A more decidedly reactionary disposition
showed Itself In speculation this week. Prices
were decidedly weak last Saturday, and though
support was extended to the market on Mon
day and Tuesday and the short Interest covered
contracts rather extensively on those days, the
Improvement was slight and the tone continued
to be nervous. The developments In connec
tion with the strike of anthracite coal miners,
while inconclusive as to the question of a gen
eral stoppage in that industry, seemed to Wall
street to point to a long and possibly trouble
j-ome struggle with labor, and the market also
takes into consideration not only the chances of
an extension of labor disturbances to other
trades, but the effects of such circumstances
on the political situation. Indeed, politics is
now receiving a degree of attention en the
part of the speculative community svhich con
trasts In a striking manner with the Indiffer
ence about the Presidential contest that has
heretofore prevailed. The uncertainty attend
ing the contest in November Is receiving con
sideration, anfl naturally produces additional
conservatism on the part of financial houses
and the stock market generally. The situa
tion of the money market was a bearish factor.
The large decrease in cash and surplus aver
ages shewn by last Saturday's bank statement
reflects withdrawals of money to the interior
for crop movement purposes plus the decreased
disbursements cf the Treasury. These facts
promise to result In another poor bank state
ment to-morrow, and It is noted that the sup
ply of time money has decreased, while lenders
show a decided disposition to Insist on higher
rates. An unfavorable effect of a sentimental
kind was made by Germany placing a fT>an of
J20.000.0CO. one of th- effects bflng to give Ber
lin power to draw gold from London and cause
a hardening of interest rates at the latter city.
whUe they declined at Berlin. The reports that
other foreign governments have been en
couraged by the success of the British and Ger
man loans in our markets to undertake nego
tiations for similar operations on this side were
also considered as pointing to decided efforts
to take advantage of the abundance of capital
here and as possibly involving a diminution of
the supplies of funds which enabled Wall street
Family Retail Market.
Exports of Wine'.
Exports cf Trine from this pert during the
f.rst eight months of the year were 3,812,900
gallons anfl E9S0 cases, valued at $1,064,100,
exainst 2.1", ldO paH^iis and £350 cases at $720,-
C>-8 for the tarr.e time last year.
Wheat Shipment.
The British ship Flintshire cleared yecter
riay fcr Queer.stown fcr orders, with 42,110 ctls
v.-heat. valued at $44,200. and 13,000 fe«t lumber
dunnage, valued at K00. Total valu^, J44.40U.
Weather Report.
flCOth Meridian— Paclnc Time.)
SAN FRANCIHCO. Sept. 21—5 p. m.
The followlac maximum temr>eratures were
in I'OKf-'i from stations in California to-day:
Eureka €<'Ix)s Angeioa 76
Mount Tamiipais... S3 '.«a.cramer.to M
Inifptr.-irnce 7S San Luis Oblspo 94
Red BI-jS SI San Diego 6S
Frecnd SS
Pan Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
K; minimum, 71: ir.van«. SI.
WEATHEB CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The DresFure continues highest ovpr Wash
'••fr?n ard lowest In Southern Arlrona. These
cxm V.tlons are favorable fcr a continuation of
.; M : rt-sent warm weathfr throughout Callfor
r.ia. The jressure has fallen quite rapidly over
Northern Ca'.iforr.ia during the day and cooler
¦raather will prevail alor.g the coast Saturday
tf*. rr.ooti. .
T!*- v-ir.jvrature has risen over Northern
California ?nd Nevada and fa!>n over Arizona
tnl Boutbecstera CaUfocnaL The temperatures
In ihe interior valleys ai-proxlmated SO degrees
Yrnsk to high northerly wind prevailed
throughout the Sacramento Valley and along
i).e nortbtrevt coaEt.
For«-ca--=t ma-lc at Par. Franciso for thirty
fco'jrs tniir.p midnieht. September 22. l'>'"0:
Northern Caliromia— Fair Saturday; warmer
in the Interior: cooler along the coast; brisk
northwest wind.
Souihf-ra CaiiforrKa— Fair Saturday; warmer;
t rl«k r.orthwest wind.
Ntva-ia— Fair: warmer Eaturday.
I'tah— Fair; wairrer Saturday.
Arizona -Partly clouiy: warmer Saturday.
San Ptanctsea ar.d vicinity— Fair Saturday;
cooler ir. The sffmoon; fresh -west ¦wind.
O. H. WILLSON, Local Forecast Official.
• ¦
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar 17|Ontario E 50
Crown Point • lOOphir 42
Con Cal &. Va 1 Id ! Plymouth 08
Deadwocd 43 Quicksilver 160
Gould & Curry 30 Quicksilver preJd.. 7 00
Hale & Norcross.. 17 Sierra Nevada 25
Homestake 50 vo Ptandard 4 00
Iron Silver 6." Union Con 14
Mexican 25 Yellow Jacket 20
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— [West End 91K
Call loans 2\iV2 Westinghouse El... 47
Time louns 4 f;i:4'4 Bonds—
Stocks— lAtchlson 4s 99
A T & S F 254 IN E Gas&Coke Ss. 17
A T & S F prefd.. 67%! Mining Shares—
American Sugar.. .. 114»4 iAllouez Mln Co 1«
Hel! Telephone 137'.i ! Amalg Copper S4H
HoFton & Albany.. 2»« ; Atlantic 22>A
Boston Elevated... 1<6 iBofton & Mont....31o'
Boston & Maine.. .1S7 Butte & Boston . 55
Chgo Bur &. <J 120»il Calumet & HecIa..74O
Dominion Coal 43 iCentennial 1314
Ix>m Coal prefd. ...110 Franklin 13
Federal Steel 30H IHumboldt 2>
Fed Steel prefd 634'0?=ceola C3V4
Fitchburg prefd. ...133 (parrot 39V4
Genpial Electric. ..135 Quincy 140'
Ed E'ee 111 210 !Santa Fe Copper.. 4W
Mich Telephone S3 229
N E Gas & Coke.. 10 iftah Mining 25%
Old Colony 204 .Winona ty.
Old Dominion 16',i Wolverines 38U
Union Pacific Zi% l >
CLOSING BONDS
tT S 5s ref. when M K & T 2ds 64U
Issued, reg 104 Do 4s SO -
Po coupon 104W N J C gen 5s 122%
US 2s reg 109% N Pacific- Sa 6^4
Do coupon !<*%! Do 4s 1C3K
Do new 4s reg. ...134 [KTCtStL 4s. ..107
Do r.ew 4s coup. .134 ,N & W con 4s 98
Do old 4s reg 115 ;Or Nav Uts 109
Do old 4s coup.. .116 j Do 4s.. 102
£>° £s reg m^Or Short Line 6s.'!l27
Do 5* coupon.... 113^1 Do con 5s 114
Dist of Co! 3. 65s... 122 i Reading gen 4s.... S6V4
Atchison pen 4s...lCC'% iR G W lsts i>&4
Do adj 4s Bttlflt L & I M con 5s.lllvi
Canada. So 2ds 106% 8t L & S F gen 6s. 123
Cfces & Ohio 44s.. SSSSt Paul cons...... .163
I >( > 5s 120 JSt P C & P lsts....H7H
Chi & N con 7s. ...133 j Do Es... 11?%
Do S F deb 5s...l2G4jS Pacific 4s '. 7S
ChioKgo term 4s... 91 IS Railway Es 1CS%
Colorado So 4s 80 iStand R & T 6«.. . 66
D & H a Ists 1G3H Tex & Pac lsts.. ..112^
I*> 4s 3S»,: Do 2ds 57
Erie gen 4s 6S U Pacific 4s 104H
F W & D C Ists... 73% Wabash Ists 117
Gen Electric 5b 113 ' Do 2ds 101
Iowa Cent Ists 113 !West Shore 4s !ll2%
L & N unl 4s 99 iWisc Cent Ists 85'
N T C Ists 1054 1 Va Centuries 89tf
American ...... .......... ..>.... 150
United States 45
Wells Fargo 123
Miscellaneous —
250 American Cotton Oil 30^4
American Cotton Oil prefd 8S
American Malting 4?i
American Malting prefd 22
1.432 American Smelting & Refining 35%
21.-0 American Smelting & Refining pfd 87^
American Spirits l*i
American Spirits rrefd 17
200 American Steel Hooa 18
200 American Pteel Hoop prefd 65
7.0C0 American Steel & Wire 30Vi
2.760 American Steel & Wire prefd 71*4
1.2O0 American Tin Plate 25
100 American Tin Plate prefd 77^4
9,860 American Tobacco 87^j
American Tobacco prefd .125
1.275 Anaconda Mining Co 142
17.791 Brooklyn Rapid Transit 01«4
57) Colorado Fuel & Iron 31*i
2.2C6 Continental Tobacco 24%
100 Continental Tobacco prefd 75^4
3.060 Federal Steel 30^
7no i-Vderal Steel prefd 64V*
700 General Electric 1S6H
235 Glucose Sugar 43\i
150 Glucose Susar prefd 9S l i
ILJOfl International Paper lSVs
815 International Paper prefd 62V*
Laclede Gas 70
275 National Biscuit 32
1S7 National Biscuit prefd 85
1W National Lead 174
1?> National Lead prefd 90
100 National Ptoel 24
100 National Steel prefd 82%
S€5 New York Air Brake 121
210 North American 14%
300 Pacific Coast 52
Paciflc Coast 1st prefd 7$
Pacific Coast 2d prefd 62
110 Pacific Mail 28 V4
2!}.n45 People's Gas SS
103 Presyed Steel Car 84
200 Pressed Steel Car prefd 70%
Puliman Palace Car 1ST
1.C10 Standard Rope & Twine 44
2S.090 Sugar 115*4
Sugar prefd 11414
7,RM Tennrssee Coal & Iron 53%
LJSO United States Leather 9H
£12 United States Leather prefd 65%
United States Rubber 27
•• United State? Rubber prefd 92
l.o Western Union 7gi. 4
4^ Republic Iron & Steel Co 10Vi
400 Republic Iron & Steel Co prefd.... 60>4
C C C & St Louis 51
512,700 Ehnres eold.
Bradstreefs Financial Review.
Exchange and Silver about the same.
Wheat futures firmer. Barley dull.
Oats in fair demand. Com cleaned up.
Bran and Middlings very firm.
Hay in better tone, with sales higher.
Onions rising. Potatoes unchanged.
Butter and Eggs firm, with moderate supplies. Cheese steady.
Seven cars of Eastern Poultry in this zveek.
Condition of Game affected by the hot zveather.
Chestnuts appeared. Lemons higher and Limes lower.
Nothing nezv in Dried Fruits.
Provisions dull at previous quotations.
Hops, Wool and Hides unchanged.
Hogs coming in freely again. Other Meats unchanged.
Lexington, Ky 395.762 3.S
Jacksonville. Fla.. 1S0.PO4 .... 13.4
350.S46 .... 1.4
P*™ n 456.300 35.7
Chattanooga 4S6.43S 62.3
Kockford. Ill 244:i3G ....
* anton, O °rJ3 cuo 3 1
Springfield, O JiloiolO 3L3
Fargo, N. D 307,927 59.0
Sioux Falls, S. D.. »m:o 13.9
Hastings. Neb 131.S04
Fremont, Neb 131 $41 4 g ....
Davenport SOSisOO 16.4
}vlrto 2,040,557 10.1
Houston 1L653.824 81.4
\K B a ,;, - 622.359 .... S.5
EvansvlIIe 809.213 16. t
M 1 af \ on I> SS4.000 33.5
Uttle Rock 510 407 69 4
Springfield. Ill 418,559
Youngstown 307,033 .... 1.6
Totals. U. S.... $1.309,648, 673 .... Z7.7
Tctals outside New
York C05.032.721 .... 6.7
DOMINION OF CANADA.
Montreal $15,674,245 .... 8.4
Toronto 9.696,613 .... 1.2
Winnipeg 1.C53.999 .... 12.2
Halifax 1,441,779 .... 1.7
Hamilton 935.361 6.6 ....
St. John, N. B S46 725 80.4 ....
Victoria 653,000 36.8
Vancouver 1,042,353 .... 20.1
Totals $31,748,076 .... 6.2
WHEAT— Spot, steady; No. 2 red Western
winter, 6s 3d; No. 1 Northern spring-. 6s 5'4<l-
No. 1 California, 6» 6dQ6a 6Vfcd. V\itures, quiet-
September, 6s 2%A; December, Gs w/i.
CORN— Spot, steady; American r^lxed, new
4s Z\i. Futures, steady: October. 4s 2%id-
November. 4s 2?id: December, 4s 2V4d. '
FLOUR — St. Louis winter Jancy, firm at
83 3d.
LONDON. Sept. 21.— Consols, 984; silver,
28 13-16d; French rentes, lOOf 12Hc. Wheat car
goes on passage, nominal and unchanged; car
goes No. 1 Standard California, 32s 6d; cargoe3
Walla Walla. 3ls; English country markets
firm.
LIVERPOOL, Sept. 21.— Wheat steady: No. 1
Standard California. 6s 6d: wheat in Paris,
weak; flour in Paris, weak; French country
markets, steady; weather In England, fine
COTTON-Uplands, 6 13-16d.
CLOSING.
Foreign Markets.
Northern Wheat Market.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. Sept. 21.— Wheat—^c lower; Blue
stem. 59»/4c: Club. E8Hc.
OREGON.
PORTLAND. Sept. 21.— The wheat market Is
still showing considerable strength and the
selling movement continues heavy, not, how
ever, without exporters forcing prices up above
the actual value based on existing freight
rates. Fifty-seven and a half cents was bid
to-day, and there are reports that a fraction
more was paid east of the mountains for
Portland delivery. The mills are raying Clc
for Valley. Bluestem Is steady at 60ii61c per
bushel.
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND. Or., Sept. 21.— Clearings, $249,
891; balances. $62,614.
NEW YORK, Sept. 21.— Cotton futures opened
£@11, points higher and worked upward on ac
tive covering by shorts, supplemented by Borne
pretty good Investment buying. Unfavorable
weather news from Texas and Arkansas, with
unfavorable forecasts for to-night over the
cotton belt, carried the advance for the day
to 1S@21 points. The market closed steady at
a net advance of 7@11 points, profit-taking hav
ing caused a slight setback at the end of the
session.
New York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK, Sept. 21.— Tin experienced an
other setback in the local market for metals,
falling off some 23 to 27Vi points on weak Lon
don cables, showing a loss of £1 there, which
closed our market with a lower tendency on
the basis of $27 75(228. Aside from this there
were no material changes in the rest of the
list. Pig iron warrants, dull at $10 37',4. Lead,
dull at $4 37%. Lake copper, though a shade
steadier, was not quotably« higher, closing at
$16 75@17. Spelter ruled quiet At $4 10@4 15.
The brokers' price for lead was $4 and for
copper $16 75.
New York Metal Market.
MONTREAL. Quebec, Sept. 21.— The Earl
Fruit Company sold California fruit at auction
to-day, realizing the following prices: Grapes
—Tokays, single crates, $1 2fi@2 15, average
$1 77; Tokays, double crates, average, $3 77.
Peara — Lawrence, boxes, average $1 50. Peaches
— Salways, boxes, average 85c. One car sold
to-day.
Porter Bros. Company sales: Grapes — Mor
occo. $1 55@2 05 single crates; Tokays, 30e@
1 40; Cluster, $1 20®l 40; Muscats, 7Cc@?l 25.
Pears— Bartletts, 25ciirSl 50. Peaches— Salways,
35(?fEf.c. Eleven cars fruit sold to-dav.
BOSTON. Sept. 21.— The Earl Fruit Company's
sales of California fruit at auction to-day are
rs follows: Grapes— Tokays, single crates. 75c
@H 50, average $1 05. Peaches— Salways. boxes,
C0@75c. averag-e 68c. Five cars sold to-day.
¦ PHILADELPHIA. Sept. 21.— The Earl Fruit
Company auctioneed California fruit to-day and
realized the following prices: Grapes — Muscats,
single crates, $2 20@3 30, average $2 3S;. Tokays,
single crates. $1 50@2 15. average $1 62. Weath
er dry and favorable. One car sold to-day.
E3(&D0c box; Crimson Beauty, "OiQSic. Prunes-
Italians, 85c@$l 05 single crates. Five cars
fruit sold to-day.
CHICAGO, Sept. 21.— Earl Fruit Company
sales California fruit: Pomegranates— $1@1 10
single crates. Grapes— Malagas. 7ic®tl 20 sin
gle crates; Tokays, $1 10®l 25; Clusters, aver
age $1 60. Pears— Bartletts. $1 40S1 90 box;
Idaho Pears, average Jl 15. Peaches— Salways,
40<6>30c box; George's* Late. 40@5Cc. Prunes-
Italians, "OfgSOc single crates.
NEW YORK, Sept. 2L— Earl Fruit Company
sales California fruit: Grapes — Tokays, ' $1(3
1 73 single crates. Pears — De Cornice, $2 !>3<33 03
boxes; Seckels, Jl 95@3; Columbia, average
?3 2C; Acme, average $3 35. Peaches— Salways,
COMERCIAL FINANCIAL
AND NEWS
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
WASHINGTON'. Sept. 21.— To-day's state
ment of the treasury balances in the general
fund, exclusive of the JI50,000,OCO gold reserve
in the division of redemption, shows: Avail
able cash balance. $132,8!>3,0I0; gold, $74,780,987.
*- *
Condition of the Treasury.
Sterling exchange easy, with actual business
In bankers' bills at $4 S6%©4 S634 for demand,
and at $4 83V4 for sixty days; posted rates,
$4 ?4V4 and $4 88; commercial bills. $4 82%-B>
4 82%. Silver certificates, 62Vi@6214. Bar silver,
62%. Mexican dollars, 49V4c.
Government bonds, weak ; State bonds, Jnac
tlve; railroad bonds, weak.
Nczv York Money Market.
NEW YORK, Sept. 21.— Money on call, steady
at 1%©2 per cent; prime mercantile paper, 4V4
<S5li per cent.
Atchison, 27H; Canadian Pacific. S9%; Union
Paclnc preferred, 74; Northern Pacific pre
ferred, 71%; Grand Trunk. 6%. Bar silver,
firm, 2S%d per ounce. Money, 2 per cent.
CLOSING
NEW YORK. Sept. 21.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
The general tone of the markets here wa-s
slightly better to-day. Amerlcaris opened above
parity and were in quiet demand during the
morning. New York opened slightly higher,
then weakened, prices closing flat at the low
est In the street. Chinese news depressed the
markets, which continue without light regard
ing the outcome. Silver closed at 2S%d buyers;
29d sellers.
London Market.
Failures for the week were 211 In the United
States, against 154 last year, and 33 in Canada,
against IS last year.
were only 3,187.000 pounds, against 13,443.800
pounds a year ago. Holders continue confident
and dullness fails to cause lower prices. For
e'sn conditions are unsatisfactory, especially In
France, but fair prices are expected at the
London sales next month.
In Iron and steel products greater activity at
¦jrmer prices was the rule. New contracts
vi'»re for moderate accounts; but a large order
for malleable Bessemer pig-iron at Southern
points makes the outlook more encouraging and
a Scotch concern is only prevented from closing
a very large contract for billets by the high
ocean freight rates prevailing. The break
in Scotch piglron warrants had. an International
significance. Puddlers and bar rollers are still
waiting their turn for wage settlement. Orders
for railroad equipment for September are ex
pected to include fully 8000 freight cars. A
sharp break In tin was aided by heavy ship
ments from the straits. Lumber Is In a stronger
position, epruce selling at £5 73 P er 10W) . an ad "
vance of 23 per cent for the month.
lambs, 5c to 10c lower; choice wether.. $3 8C©
4 25; fair to choice mixed, $3 2534; Western
sheep, 13 75@4 15; Texas sheep, $2 50G3 60; na
tive lambs. $4®5 20; Western lambs. {4 754
5 10.
Recelcta of Hogs are ample for all n**ds.
Prices remain unchanged. Other descriptions
are as before.
BEEF— seec per lb for fair to choie-.
VEAL— Large, 7$Sc; smal), S®9c per lb
mXSKSSr^F&r Targe^'stocT^Io^ £l
feeders. 5(&5%c; dressed Hogs. S@SHc
General Merchandise.
BAGS - Pan Quentln Bags. $5 C5; Calcutta
Grain Bags, 5*ic; Wool Baja. a^^J^c- Fleece
Twine, 7Hc; Fruit Bags. 6HS«*ic for white and
SV*4*S?»c for bleached Jute.
COAI^- Wellington. S3 per ton; Soathfleld Wel
lington, |S; Seattle. »7: lirj-ant $7- Coos Itav
$5 SO: Wnllsend. J3; Co-operative Wallsend I3 :
Cumberland. $12 In hulk ard $13 »3^ in M 'ck :
Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg* $14 ; CanneV
$12 per ton- Coke, $15 per ton in 'bulk and $"? In
?S5i fh *i OUntaln ' »»cr1ptlon*. *»« P«r
20JA na nnd $? a o ne r ton. acc^dlna- to brand.
Harrison .circular says: "During the week
thero have been the following ctwi dallverles:
San Francisco Meat Market.
All descriptions under this head are about as
before quoted. Wool Is dull. Hops are very
firmly held but quiet, and Hides are easy, with
ample supplies.
HIDES AND SKINS — Culls and brands sell
about lc under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers, S^SHc; medium, 8He; light. 8c; Cow
hiaes, Sc; Stags. 6c; Salted Kip, 15c; Dry Calf
15c; culls and brands. 12c; Sheepskins. Shear
linjis. ICjnOc each; short Wool. 3i>{?5Oc i-ach:
medium. WXgSOc: lonsr Wool. 90c@$l 10 each-
Horse Hides, salt. $2@2 25 for large, $1 73 for
medium. $1 fcr small and 50c for colts; Horse
Hides, dry, $1 50 for large. $1 25 for ujedlum $1
for small and Zo^oOc for colts. Deerskins-
Summer cr red skins. 35c: fall or medium
eklns. 30c: winter or thin skins. 20c. Goatskins
—Prime Angoras, 75c; large and smooth, 50c
medium, 25c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 4$4He per lb- No
2, 3fi3', s c; grease. 2S2Vic.
¦WOOL— Spring clip Is quotable as follow*-
Northern, free. lot*16c; Northern, defective I*©
14c; Middle County, free. 14'gl6c; Middle Coun
ty, defective. i:<gl4c: Southern Mountain. 12
months'. 9tfJ10c; • Southern Mountain free 7
months'. ll@12e: Southern Mountain, defective
7 months'. 9©llc: Humboldt and Mendocino IS
©17c: Nevada. 13J716c per lb.
Fall Clip— San Joaquln. SH'SSc: do Lambs' i
@'jc: Middle County. 9@llc per lb "~" u# • a
HOPS— New. 10S12c per lb.
Hides, Tallozu, Wool and Hops.
Dull and unchanged.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, lie per lb for
heavy. HHc for light medium, 13c for light. 13 ! ,c
for extra light and 15'fcc for sugar-cured; East
ern 6Ugar-cured Hams. 12Hc; Mess Beef, $12 per
bbl: extra Mess. $13; Family. $14; extra Prime
Poik. $15 50: extra clear. $19; Mesa. $15 50:
Smoked Beef. 12HS'13c per lb.
LARD — Tierces quoted at 7c per lb for com
pound and 9Uc for pure: half-barrels, pure,
HVic- 10-lb tins, 10c; 5-lb tins. lOHc.
COTTOLENE— One-half barrel. 8Hc; three
hair-barrels. SM>c; one tierce, SSc; two tierces.
8Vic; five tierces. 8Hc oer lb.
Provisions.
The first Chestnuts of the season are In from
Rough and Ready, quoted at 25c per lb. They
are a fine lot.
Fruits stand about the same. There is a
good demand for moderate lots for export by
sea end rail. '¦ • '
FRUITS— Prunes. Santa Claras, 4 sizes, 3c,
40-SOa 7c: hO-On. 5V;c; 6O-70s. 3Hc: 70-SOs. 3\ic:
80-90». 2\c: 30- 100s. 2^c: VXn and over. 2c;
rubles, rrpm'.um: Ponomas. V,c and San
Joaquirs Uc If" than Santa Claras, except lOCs
and over, which stand the same. Apricots. 538c
for Royals and TVQlHic for Moorparka; Evap
orafted Apples. 5iji6c: *un-dr!ed. 334c: Peaches.
T'CjHc for standard. SSC'.-c for choice and 7^{Sc
for fancy; Pears. 337c; Plums, pitted. 5Q«c;
unpltted. IQIHc; Nectarines, 5i&5fic for red and
S^iiJiCc fc.r white.
RAISINS — Bleached Thompson's fancy, per
lb. lCc; choice. Oc; standard. Sc; prime. 6c; un
bleached Thompson's per lb. 6c. Sultanas-
Fancy, per lb. S<4c: choice. 74c; ctandard. 6^c;
prime. 6c; unbleached Sultanas. 5c; Peediess.
r.O-lb boxes, £c: '-crown loose Muscatels. 5^c;
3-crown, 6lic: 4-crown. 7c: London Layers. 2
crown $1 . r J) per box; 3-crown. II 60; Fancy
Clusters. 12; Dehesa. %2 50; Imperial. $3. All
prices f. o. b. at common shipping points In
California.
NUTS — Chestnuts. 25c per lb: Walnuts. No. 1
voftshell. 10c: No. I. 8c: No. 1 hardshell, 9>ic;
No. 2, 7'£c; Almonds. VZIfVAic for paper shell,
9is@10c for Eastern and 5@6c for California;
Brazil Nuts. 114il2'^c; Filberts, 12513c; Pecans.
ll@13e; Cocoanuts, $3 50®o.
HONEY— Comb. 13 1 4'S14Sc for bright and 12H
CT13c for llKht amber; water white, extracted,
'Si^Sc; light amber extracted, IQ'^c; dark, 6
fi^Hc j>er lb.
BEESWAX— 24@26c per lb.
Dried Fruits, A T uts and Raisins.
CITRUS FRUITS— Selling Oranges. Ht?l M;
Valencias. $3U1: Lemons, $1 254JI 25 for com
mon and t: COti'3 K<> for pood to choice: Mexi
can Limes, $4 .".¦¦;i5; Bananas. SI 50@2 BO per
bunch; Pineapples, Jl 50S3 53 per dozen.
Lemons are In lighter supply and brisk de
mand, and prices are advancing. Mexican
Limes, on the contrary, are weaker under In
creased recelcts. There Is a fair call for
Oranges.
Watermelons are steady and the hot weather
Improves the demand. Cantaloupes are doing
better. Nutmess stand the same.
There Is no change worthy of note la Peaches,
Pears and Plums.
A car of Wisconsin Cranberries Is offering
at $3 per bbl.
Persimmons have appeared from Sulsun, No
rrlce fixed.
Wir.e Grapes are very firm.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS
APPLES—25©Wc per box for common and
COefiJl for good to choice.
PEARS— Bartlett, 75cg$l 35 per box: other va
rieties. 35®7ic per box.
CJI.'INCES— 2T>t*S'.>c r«r box.
CRANBERRIES— Wisconsin. $8 per bbl; Coos
Bay. $2 00 per box.
STRAWBERRIES— $2 B0(?5 per chest for large
and $£117 for small berries.
BLACKBERRIES— None in.
RASPBERRIES— 14 5Ofi6 per chest.
HUCKLEBERRIES— 4Q6c per lb.
FIGS— 35*3 eSc for double layer boxen.
POMEGRANATES— 40@75c per small box.
PLUMS — 25tfi .MX- per box and 50@75c per crate.
PEACHES— CC260c per box.
GRAPES— Muscat, 40fj60c per crate; black. 40
©We: Tokay. 4>360c: Isabella. 75c; Cornlchon.
60c; Wine Graphs, J1S320 for white and $22©
26 p«-r ton for Zinfandel.
MELON'S — Nutmegs, K<365c per case; Canta
loupes. $1@1 25 per crate; Watermelons, $3©
20, with estra large at $25 per 100.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Btocks of Butter are greatly reduced, and
some floors are about bare. Prices are very
firm, though there Is no further advance.
Cheese Elands about the same,
Kszs are firm. Receipts are moderate, and
the demand Is good, but Eastern have the
preference, owing to their cheapness.
BUTTER—
Creamery— Fancy Creamery. 2S%S28%c; Sec
ends. 24525c
Dairy— Fancy. 23 t ifJ24c: good to choice. XtQ
23c; common. 17H®-lc
Creamery tub— per IK
Pickled roll— 19S21C.
Firkin— lS(213c.
CHEESE— New. 9©10c; old. SSS^c: Toung
America. lOglOHc; Eastern. 13%S14c; Western.
10iQl2c per lb.
EGGS— Quoted at 17t4@22He for store and 27t£
©32',ic per doien for ranch; Eastern. lS3£22Vac.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Thus far this week seven cars of Eastern
Poultry have coma In. Of course the market
Is overstocked under this condition, and no
reasonable offer U refused.
The warm weather Is affecting Game, and
more or lesa comes In spoiled. Sound lots bring
the quotations. .
POULTRY"— Uve Turkeys, ll@12c for Gobblers
and 12313c for Hens; Toung Turkeys, 15616c;
Geese per pair, SI 2S@1 50; Goslings, $1 50©l 7a:
Ducks, J3®4 for old and S3 5Otf 4 SO for young;
Hens. $3 6035; Young Roosters. $484 oO: Old
Roosters. $3 5004; Fryers. $3®3 SO; Broilers.
$3@3 23 for large and $2 5003 for small; Pigeons,
tliil 25 per dozen for old and Jl .-S- lor
S GAME— English Snipe. $2@2 50 : Dores. 75c
per dozen: Cottontail Kabbitn. $1®1 W: Brush
Rabbits, $1; Hare, 75c@$l; Grouse. $3; Sage
Hens. ; Mountain Quail. 12 50@3 p«r dozen.
Poultry and Game.
A car of Merced Sweets sold at the quota
tion. River Sweets have a wider ranse. On
ions are firm at a further advance.
Vegetables are about as before quoted, j
POTATOES— Early Rose. 2it?30c: Burbanks.
'0G65c for Rivers and 73c©U 05 per ctl for Sa
linas; Sweets. £0c@U for Rivers and 1133 for
Merced. li_V '
ONIONS— «5075c per ctl; Pickle Onions. 50
VEGETABLKS- Green Corn. 7Sc:g$l per sack
and S1S125 per crate: Green Peas. 1Vj@2c per
fb- String Beans. 1824c; Llmas. l> ? fi2c per _ib;
Cabbage 4U!& 50c; Tomatoes. Bay. WoOc; E&tS
ptant 25©4ot- Per box; Green Okra, 25«4Uc;
Green Peppen. S0©«c per box for Chili and 3D
©SOc for Bell; Dried Peppers. VKSUSe: Carrots-.
25&35C per sack; Summer Squash* 2^400 for
Alameda; Cucumber.. K«40c for A ameda;
Pickles SliH 25 per ctl for No. 1 and .Aa.ac
for No 2; Garlic. Sc per lb; Marrowfat Squash.
J>al>i per ton.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
falfa, nominal: Rap*. «4«So: Hemp, «»4ttc;
T D n RlED PEAS^Nlles. $1 25®1 75; Green. $1 80
@2 06 per ctl; Blackeye. -¥1 60.
FOR FTilDAT. SEPTEMBER n.
Flour, qr sks.... 23.7PO Bran, sks xCf)
Wheat, ctla ..... 1.J77 Wool. sks g-j
Barley, ctls 43.5S3 Pelts. bdl» JC3
Oats, ctls 1.900'Hay. tons .,..;
Corn, ctls 24" Hops, bale* jqo
Cheese ctls 100 Quicksilver, flsks SO
Butter, ctls 146;Hides. No JS3
Tallow, ctls 230,?ugar, sks n
Beans ska 4S2 9u*ar. bbls 2.V)
Middlings, «ks .. B™ Esr*». doz 8,550
Potatoes, e'-ta .... 3.373, Wine, gals ...... 15.00
Onions. 8ks 825 ; Leather. roEs ..„ u
Mustard, sks .... 1.442'
OREGON.
Flour. «r «fca.... 1.040^
Receipts of Produce.
Four from Washinffton. with 10,23 tona; font
from British Columbia. 11.173 tons; two from
Oregon 1100 tons; one from Swansea, 2311 tons;
one from Australia. 3681 tons; total. 21.796 tons.
The above arrivals are about equal to our Im
mediate needs, but will have to be Increased
later or our future demands will cause a flut
ter In the market, as we are now doing a hand
to mouth business, with no reserves In yard,
When the winter demand looms up. we wilt
be In a precarious position for fuel. If our
shipments from the Coast are not enlarged.
The coal Is there In quantities, but carriers
rir» wanted, and are almost unprocurable. Thu
mine-owners are solicitous to pay current
freight rates, but nearly all the steam colliers
have been chartered by the Government, and
sailers find more profitable business carrying
lumber, etc.. to forelpm ports We cannot ex
pect any relief from Australia, aa the demani
there locally is for the moment In excess of th<»
output, and vessels are forced to wait sixty tu
ninety days for their turn to load. Crude oil
is coming to our rescue In (rood shape, and
we am assured that the product dally will not
diminish, aj new 'spouters' are being re
ported every we»k. Ens; Hah and Australian
products have already been marked up so
high that eventually they will not be figured
on aa a fuel factor In this market."
SUGAR— The Western Suyar Kenning Coav
pany quotes, per Ib. In ICO-lb bags:
Crushed. 7.05c; Powdered. «.63c; Candy
Granulated. 6.6oc: Dry Granulated. 6.5*c; Con
fectioners' A. «.55c; Magnolia A. 8.10c; Extra
C, 6.05c; Golden C, 5.53c ; barrels, 10c mor»; half
barrels, 23c more; boxes. 50c more: 50-lb bags.
10c more. No orders taken for less than 75 bar
rels or tt« equivalent. Dominoes. h*lf-barreU.
7.30c; boxes. 7.53c per lb.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 22, 190b.
California Fruit Sales.
Nczv York Grain and Produce.
Chicago Grain Market.
LOCAL MARKETS.
THE STOCK MARKET.
Bank Clearings.
Foreign Futures.
Continued on Pags 13.
ci
10
Dun's Review of Trade.OAKLAND, Sept. 12.— Lack of water en
dangered a large section of Alden to-night
during a flre that destroyed a large barn,
owned by C. Sorenson, on Shafter avenue
and Forty-ninth street. The structure
was In the rear of the Columbus-avenue
Presbyterian Church, which -was on flre
peveral times. It was saved by a volun
teer bucket brigade of men and women,
who were compelled, because of the cut
ting of the water-hydrant supply, to se-
Fire but No Water.
Crazed from the effects of liquor, R. W.
Willis, a painter, brutally kicked his wife
last evening, from the effects of which
phe Is likely to die. The Willises live at
10S0 Howard street. Shortly after 5 o'clock
laj»t evening Willis went home drunk and
not finding his wife home went in »earch
of her. He found her at her sister's home
and ordered her to go with him, and when
she refused he brutally kicked her. The
unfortunate woman was picked up in an
unconscious condition and removed to the
Receiving Honpltal. The doctors, after
an examination, gave as their opinion
that fhe was fatally Injured.
Willis was arrested by Detectives Rior
dnn and O'Dea and locked up in the
tanks. He will be held pending the result
of his wife's injuries.
BRUTAL HUSBAND'S KICK
MAY CAUSE HER DEATH
1 >r. Su«fdorf Fiibmltted a plan for the
"!a'ion of patlfntjs afflicted with tubor
¦:!o5is who are b<InR: treated at the City
\A County IloppJtal. He recommends
h* buildlnK of a new pavilion In the
*>nd of the present hoFpital Bite and
-tlmaifF tho coi>t at $7000. Dr. Razet paid
'- rr-yardrd the segregation of tubercular
stunts af imperative, but then* arc no
inds to make the needed Improvements.
•¦ fiUgscntVd another plan lo inola'e the
•f<-i- In Ward* C. J and H. Prs. McCar
py and Baum oppoeed Dr. Bazpfs plan,
Virh wu defcafd when a vote was
• ea.
Cannot Isolate Consumptives.
The ontiro receipts of Oakland Park
Sunday next will be donated to the Gal
vcMon fund by Manager Vosmcr.
California Lodge No. 2. Order of Her
mann's Korffi. will give an entertainment
and ball for the benefit of the Galve.«ton
Fuffercrs on Sunday evening at Germanla
Hall. Henry Feldman has charge of the
arrangements.
OAKI^AND. Sept. 21.— A meeting of the
Red Cross Pocioty was held at 420 Four
t*^nth street this morning to receive re
ports of committees on the work for the
reliff of the Galvestbn sufferers. Collec
tions for their benefit will be taken up In
all of the Oakland churches next Sunday.
Ca?h contributions have so far amounted
to %1?A 50. The Rod Cross ladles hop* to
srnd $0<V> from OaJtland. I>nrp*» donations
of clothing have been received at the
headquarters.
tions Are Daily Increasing.
Oakland Red Cross Society Contribu-
FOR GALVESTON FUND.
"I feel that no more fitting comment can
be made than to quote the words of Abra
ham Lincoln: 'When tlie victory shall be
complete, when there shall be neither
slave nor drunkard on the earth, how
proud the title of that land which may
freely claim to be the birthplace of the
crusade of both revolutions that shall
have ended In that victory— how nobly
distinguished that people who shai: have
planted and nurtured to maturity both
the political and moral freedom of their
species!' "
Mrs. D. T. Curtis, president of Oakland
Union, reported that an effort was being
made to boycott nil grocery stores which
sold liquors. She said Mayor Snow had
expressed himself as opposed to the cUr
f«w ordinance, believing that to arrest
boys that violated it waa more demoral
izing than the fact that they were on the
streets after 9 o'clock at night. The
Mayor had suggested that parents should
keep their children off the streets after
the 9 o'clock hour.
In the course of . her annual address the
retiring president. Mrs. Sarah McClees,
said:
President. Mrs. H. E. McMath; recording
secretary. Mrs. E. S. Mitchell; corresponding
secret ary. lire. A. N. W. Hlller: treasuter,
Mrs. Qttver K. Clifford; auditor. Mrs. ¦ M. H.
Cartwright; vice president at large, Mrs. S. M.
N. 'Woodman; first vice president, Mrs. Chrls
tlnn Mansfield; vice pr^idents of county as
sociations. Mrs. R. S. Mitchell. Ea*t Oakland;
Mrs. S. M. N. Woodman San Leandro: Mrs.
A' M. Foetrr, West Oakland; Mrs. C. Mans
field, Haywards; Mrs. J. H. Rhodes. Berkeley;
Mrc M. B. Telton, Oakland; Mr*. Ida M.
Jamison. Oakland.
Tbe annual convention of the Women's
Christian Temperance Union was con
cluded to-day by the election of the fol
lowing officers:
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Sept. 21.
Temperance Workers Elect
Their Leaders for the
Ensuing Term.
NEW OFFICERS OF
THE W.C.T. U.
cure water from wells near the burning
buildings.
Fortunately this resort to primitive
methods saved the church and prevented
the flre from spreading. The barn was
destroyed, with a large quantity of hay.
Boy Breaks Both Anns.
OAKLAND, Sept. 21.— The 9-year-old son
of Alexander Oyarza. a resident of Alden,
fell from a fence this morning and broke
his right arm. After reducing the frac
ture the attending physicians examined
the boy's left wrist, which had been ban
daged for a supposed sprain. It was then
found that the left arm was also broken,
the result of a previous fall.
Husband the Victor.
OAKLAND. Sept. 21.— Several weeks ago
Myrtle O'Neil sued John O'Nell for a di
vorce, alleging great cruelty. O'Nell lm
mpdiately filed a cross-complaint, making
almost the same charges. Mr?. O'Nell
failed to answer her husband's cross-com
plaint and to-day a default was entered
against her, thus giving the husband vic
tory.
Sues for Maintenance.
OAKLAND, Sept. 2I.-George W. Eames.
a railroad brakeman. has been cited to
appear before Judge Ellsworth next Mon
day morning at 10 o'clock to show cause
why he should not pay $35 toward the
support of his wife. Mamie Eames, and
their daughter Lizzie, aged 11 years.
John P. Irish on 'the Stump.
OAKLAND. Sept. 21.— John P. Irish will
open the campaign for the Gold Demo
crats in Indianapolis on Thursday even
ing. September 27. He will stump the
State of Indiana durinp the campaign.
EDMUND HINDMAN WAS
MENTALLY COMPETENT
Court Reserves Decision as to Wheth
er Second. Codicil Was Legally
Made.
OAKLAND. Sept. 21.— At the conclusion
of the testimony in the Hlndman will con
test thl? morning Judge Greene decided
that Edmund Hindman was mentally
competent when he made his will and at
the times when the two codicils were
added to the document. Though the tes
tator was competent, held the court the
question still remained as to whether the
codicil made June 16. 1S93, which is belnjr
contested, was appended In regular legal
form.
In view of this point of law Judge
Greene ordered that a' continuance be
taken until . October, 6, when final argu
ment will be made.
Depreciation of Money.
In 1S73 a silver dollar was worth one dollar
and six-lenths in gold. In 1S78. eighty-nine
cents; in 1SS3, eight-five cent?: In 1SSS, seventy
two cents: In 1S93. sixty cents and In 1S36 forty
five cent*. Money may depreciate but there is
one standard stomach remedy, which has not
changed In half a century, and that Is Hos
tetter's Stomach Bitters. It always has been
the one unsurpassed remedy for indigestion
dyspepsia, liver or kidney troubles. \-: _
Miller Held to Answer.
OAKLAND, Sept. 21.— William D. ; Miller
was held to answer to the Superior Court
on a charge of murder to-day by Justice
Quinn of Pleasanton for the" killing of
aged James McFarland last Saturday.
1 '¦-.itinuinif the proposal acre*-* to ereel
••> poles for wires under this condition:
"r. thepe poire will b* ran circuit* for con
n t« arc larr.p« for UghUnx the Ftrerts.
v * »;>.'? will b<» run on Kla*? lr.su!af>r» pusr
:\i*r-4 -r, *{ar><5 a prewure of 30.000 volt*. The
*"i:t win be ran with the b"*t quality of
¦••¦'' faded weatherproof copper wire. No.
R .'. R Kf«K P( 1 sn ' 1 arranged in loop* to
*r»\ iv !t£h!5 on ear" cirrtitt. KndB of clr
uitg win be brcurfct to any comnv.-n point
**lrt»t«d f.v you.
Supervisor ne«i. chairman of the com-
Uttee on public utilities, in discu?5ins the
rr<r at a board rrnetlnp. raid that this
fT-r would roak* it possible for tho city
¦ *et the benefits of competitive bida
-*t<U* a i>ptxr-r illumination for I^ss
P w -nr-y than ft coPtP at present. An Kast
'omjiany «1po mad* 1 a similar offer to
hoard, but it i« understood that they
;<\-f withdrawn it h«vau««» the board had
i !-f-*:i fit to take action tn the matter.
In May la*t the Independent Ught and
'ower Company, through Its reneral man
f*t. A. M. Hunt, pubmitt^l an offer t.)
he Board of Supervisors to construct an
lectrical distributing system for lighting
public streets and bufldingB for the sum
f 1225.000. It was considered at l»»nf;tn
y the board, but no Action was taken
ri th«> matter.
Nearly four months has elapsed since
he nfff>r waf mnde by the company, but
he hoard has not come to a decision in
he matter, fiincp the return of ciaus
preckelJ from abroad the Independent
:i»'/-tric LIcht and Power Company ha.-.
ak^n up the matter ar.d intends pushing
• t<"> the end. E. K*. Hresion. attorney
°r the corporation, has taken the mat
r in hand and will in all probability ask
•r another hearing: from the Supervisors.
"he offer as made is in part as follows:
\\> wi'1 erect within the Jimlt* prescribed by
ie ordinance of the Hoard of Ruperv!*r.ni es
<r,l!*hinjr a dlFtrirt within which wires rh*\\
<¦- placei un»J<r?round. 160 iron po! e!1 . rnaAn
not :¦¦-(; ti the Mue print submitted herewith.
¦ . ko .\..i»-« in fw» (set, In concrete and painted
metallic tornwn paint and to t>« located
Vrerted by you. There wiil be no wire* run
t -rer-im u'-ith th^e po>g. • • •
tndep«?ndent Light and Power Com
pany to Renew Its Offer to
Illuminate Municipality.
SUPERVISORS OFFERED
BETTER CITY LIGHTING
which drafted the charter have !>e*n consulted
by me in relation to their Intention with re
rani to th* provision? h»>re und^r consideration
and I hav* found it th»> universal opinion that
all thnse fjcrsnns who were subje-t at any tlm<»
to rail In raw of flre and' all .liom? who were
under th» prden of the. chief engineer were
to be regarded a* constituting: part of ihe
forre in the nprvice of the department and
thfrofor* entitled to enjoy the right either tu
retain their position* or to be n«-ld r-n a wait-
Ing list under the reorganization scheme pro
vl«le<l for.
Employes of Corporation Yard and
Mechanics Constitute Part of
Fire Department.
City Attorney Lane advised the Board
of Fire Commissioners yesterday that the
employes of the corporation yard, me
chanics and others who were not reported
as members of the Fire Department, but
w*-re part of the force under the old
board, are not obliged to take the civil
service examination In order to retain
thHr positions. The opinion says:
NEED NOT TAKE CIVIL
SERVICE EXAMINATION
OAKLAND. Sept. 21. — Th<» residence of
A L. Grimall. East Fourteenth street,
between Twenty-fifth and Twenty-sixth
avenues, was burned this afternoon. Thfj
loss Is $2500. The fire started on the roof.
Fire in East Oakland.
OAKLAND. Sept. 21.— The six hifth
school Klrls. Miss Vlda Hatfield. Miss Va
rina Morrow, Miss Marlon Morrow, Miss
Pansy Perkins. Miss Alice I^wes and
Ml?* Edna Orr.- suspended by Principal
McChesney. will return to school Monday,
apology having been made for the breach
of discipline occasioned by their disobe
dience of orders.
High School Girls Reinstated.
gm^ AKLAM). Srpt. !M.— The Oakland
jljj Hiph School has pr<->du™»<i a phe-
B nnmenml lonj:-distanee runner in
\fc^ Robert Weptdahl. a member of
the high senior class, who has en-
Por the two-mile and mile runs at
' * '•'!<! day of th«» Bay County Athletic
'•'-? ¦;", which will be held at Berkeley
m rrow. \\>=tdahl will at that time
• break the United States two-mile
"•T-t'-hoiastic record <<f 10.40. which Is
>¦• held by an Eastern high school.
At the inrer-class field day of the Oak
nd High School two w*>*»ks ago this
romlsin* youxtg athlete won both the
wo-rr.il«» an<i mile runs, the former in
' r*i. the latter in 5:25. At the meeting of
he P..'iy County I^?a*rue last spring West-
Westdahl If only 17 years oM, and on ac
count of his unusually small stature Is
known as the "midget.
The Oakland boy's performance to-mor
row -n-il! be tvatchoil with much interest
by the athletes of Stanford and California.
Long-distance runs were taken up by the
Eastern univerpitle? after their contests
with Oxford and Cambridge, where much
attention is paid to contests of that class.
Both Stanford and the University of Cali
fornia are particularly wreak In distance
runners and great efforts will probably be
made by both to Fecure Wostdahl's at
tendance next year.
dahl ran two mile? In 11:54. His class
mates argue that the difference between
his two records proves that their cham
pion has wonderful powers of improve
ment
ROBERT WESTDAHL, AN OAKLAND HIGH SCHOOL BOY, WHO POS
SESSES WONDERFUL SPRINTING POWERS. HE WILL FIGURE
TO-DAY IN THE BAY COUNTY ATHLETIC LEAGUE GAMES.
FERRY-BOAT
ENCINAL IN
AN ACCIDENT
OAKLAND, Sept. HI.— The
crankpin on the ferry steamer
Encinal broke as she was ap
proaching the narrow-gauge
mole at 1:30 this afternoon,
leaving the boat floating help
lessly on the tide. Captain
Hempworth quickly quieted
the fears of the passengers
and sending a hawser ashore
soon ¦warped the steamer
alongside the wharf.
Students Organize.
BERKELEY, Sept. 21.— Two political
clubs have been organized among the stu
dents of the University of California. One
!s the McKinley and Roosevelt Club and
the other the Bryan and Stevenson Club.
Some lively campaign work will be done.
The McKinley Republican Club was or
ganized on the authorization of the Re
publican State Central Committee It
plans to arrange several rallies in Berke
ley. The following are the officers of the
club: President, R. S. Pierce; secretary
John M. Eshelman; treasurer. J. H. Ar
nold.
The Bryan Club has elected Clarence
Edwards president; H. M. Love, vice pres
ident; John Mackey, secretary; J. w.
Meux. treasurer.
President McKinley has been sent the
following telegram: "Students of the Uni
versity of California send greetings, an
nouncing the organization of the McKln
ley Republican Club."
OAKLAND, Sept. 21.— Marriage licenses
were Issued to-day to Thomas Clalr Ham
ilton. 20 years of age, and Jennie Bray. 19,
both of Oakland: Manuel A. Silva. 28. and
Mary L.. Peters, 34. both of San Lorenzo;
George Silva, 29. and Mary Enos Barrows,
IS. both of Alameda: William John Bar
nard, 24, and Maggie May Joseph, 23, both
of Oakland.
Licensed to Marry.
Fire Near Sacramento.
SACRAMENTO. Sept. 21.-Early this
morning a fire started on the Olson ranch,
about twelve miles east »f the city, and
at last accounts It was sweeping over
the stubble fields before a stiff northwest
wind. Scores of people were out fighting
the flames, but it was still making head
way over the dry grain fields. The Olson
residence, barn and outbuildings were
burned and It was feared that others
would go. Fences were, of course, wiped
out.
Many Men Fighting Flames.
SAN BERNARDINO, Sept. 21.-A de
structive fire is raging on the forest reser
vation north of this city. Thousands of
acres have been burned over, reaching
from Houston's Flat to Strawberry Peak,
a distance of over five miles. The flames
are now being fanned by a high north
wind. A large force of men is fighting the
flames.
OAKLAND. Sept. 21.— Carrie Jackson
will not be excluded from the benefits of
the Fruitvale public school because of
her epilepsy, but she will not be allowed
to attend any regular class. She will come
each day to school and her work will be
allotted to her to take home. The fol
lowing day the child will return with th<*
results of her labors for corrections ami
suggestions from her teacher.
This was the compromise course agreed,
upon this evening by the Frultvale School
Trustees, who decided that although the
child was not the proper associate of ner
vous pupll3 of a tender age. she should
not be excluded from the school altogeth
er. She will not be allowed to rejoin her
class as a regular scholar until she shows
some improvement in her condition.
The home plan of teaching the child
work was accepted by the trustees as a
compromise between the proposition to
exclude her altogether and the desire of
her father, who insists that his daughter
shall attend the Fruitvale school as a reg
ular scholar. Charles Jackson was not
present at the meeting of the trustees this
evening, but Trustee r>unlevy stated that
Jackson would probably not agree to the
plan decided upon.
"Jackson has said that he will fight this
matter." said Trustee DunleVy. "if it costs
him every cent he has. He says his child
shall attend the Fruitvale school, if every
other child In the district is compelled to
move away. We all feel sorry for the lit
tle one. but the good of the greatest num
ber must be considered. It la the desire
of this board to treat the child fairly ami
to see that she is deprived of nothing that
can benefit her. and that is why we did
not take advantage of the District Attor
ney's opinion which saya we may exclude
the girl."
SHE MAY BE WITH
NOT OF THE SCHOOL
The Pitts District Schoolhouse
was directly In the path of the con
flagration. Miss Holly, the teacher,
armed her pupils with wet Backs,
the weapons with which stubble
and grass flres are fought, and the
flames were beaten off and stopped
almost at the very door of the lit
tle schoolhouse. When this feat
had been accomplished teacher and
pupils were almost ready to suc
cumb from exhaustion, but they
had won the admiration of every
resident of Dlxon to repay them
for their devotion.
D1XON, Sept. 21.— To the coolness
and bravery of Miss Blanche Holly
was due the saving of the Pitts
District Schoolhouse from destruc
tion by flames to-day. A spark from
an engine started a fire in a grove
of eucalyptus trees on the farm of
James Porter, about a mile from
Dlxon. The flames leaped through
the grove and across an orchard
to a field of heavy summer fallow
stubble belonging to ex-Senator H.
E. McCune. They swept rapidly
over the field and across the county
road.
Special Dispatch to The Call
WOMAN'S BRAVERY
SAVES SCHOOLHOUSE
FROM DESTRUCTION
Much of the property burnt over was
railroad land. The dry grass was In
places two feet high. The eucalyptus
groves on the hills caught, but were not
It was almost impossible to get any
water !n that part of town, so the flre
flghting had to be done with sacks- Sturt
evant's house was the only one which the
firemen could reach with a line of hose.
While the main fire was coming from the
north a Feonnd flr«» started up near the old
Alameda Water Company's reservoir and
burned over tho hills east of Berkeley. So
great was the heat and so stifling the
smoke that It was Impossible, for men to
fight any length of time. It was only the
number of workers that saved the threat
ened places.
The fence around C. Sturtevant's home
was burned and tlie house was on fire
when the flre companies managed to get
a stream on it. The Robert Annis and K.
Larcher places were threatened.
At the Martin ranch, about a mile from
Berkeley, two outhouses were burned and
the other buildings were saved only after
hard work. The barn of H. K. Hawley's
suburban home caught on flre and the
house In which his servants sleep was in
flames twice before they were finally res
cued. An outbuilding was burned. Mr.
Hawloy is confined to his bed with paraly
sis and his home was so closely sur
rounded by flames that assistance was
sent for to remove him to a place of
safety.
The fire reached over the hills at 10
o'clock this morning along the western
range from Contra Costa County toward
Berkeley. A hot north wind, which had
been blowing since yesterday, not only
nerved to fan the flames but had dried
everything up beforehand. At every farm
house the fire was fought and a crowd
of men. mostly Berkeley volunteer fire
men, went out over the hills and met the
flames a mile from town in the hope of
stopping them there. The men were com
pelled to retreat to town and to exert
themselves in saving houses. The fire did
not stop at North Berkeley until all the
material in its way had been burned out.
Several outbuildings and outlying barns
were destroyed and miles of fencing were
burned.
When the fire worked over the Berke
ley hills it was thought the upper por
tion of the college town was doomed. The
sweep of flame was slopped only by the
paved streets. A dozen suburban homes
were saved only by the indefatigable
work of volunteer firemen.
Between the starting point and the
Berkeley ridge of dividing hills there are
many small farms, from which it Is im
possible to obtain reports concerning the
possible damage. The ranchers around
Lafayette believe that the flre vras con
fined to the brush and the timber in the
hills and canyons.
The flames swept over a large section
of the Moraga grant territory. There are
many Portuguese ranchers on the grant
who have small places. There had been
no reports at Lafayette to-night of losses,
although couriers coming in from the
scene said there were many narrow es
capes.
The most serious losses reported were
from the destruction of miles upon miles
of fencing. It is likely that some stock
has been burned.
The fire started In a brush pasture on
the side hills in Baronl's Valley at the
Burton ranch, southwest of Lafayette.
The men on that ranch were called out
and organized to fight the flames. Around
all of the ranch houses and property grain
and hay stacks the ground was plowed
for acres to stop the sweep. The sweep
of the fire with the strong wind of last
night was irresistible. The flames ran
over the hills and swept through the
brush and forests on the Simon Blum
ranch of 12,000 acres. Reports from that
section are to the effect that the damage
was only to the pasture lands. The fire
was kept off the ranch houses.
A determined fight was made at the
Elam Brown ranch and the farmers suc
ceeded in preventing serious damage
there.
The fire spread toward Grizzly Peak. It
is hoped that the dying out of the wind
will enable the fighters to get the fire
under control before It gets over the
ridge into the range behind the university
grounds.
In North Berkeley Beveral houses were
scorched by the fires, and hundreds ot
men went out to fight the swiftly running
flames.
Great volumes of smoke from the fires
have hung all day over the city, and as
the fire worked toward the Berkeley hills
there was an intense heat raised which
accentuated the high temperature caused
by the "norther."
OAKLAND, Sept. 21.— Brush fires started
last night in Baronl's Valley, three miles
from Lafayette, Contra Costa County,
swept with tremendous rapidity through
the valley and the adjacent gulches and
hills, reaching into the northern bounda
ries of Berkeley. The high winds from
the north drove the flames ahead with
such force that the ranchers were com
pelled to battle for hours with every re
source at their command. Back firing
was resorted to that the houses and grain
piles over the burned district might be
saved.
Blaze Near Ben Lomond.
Special DlFpatch to The Call.
SANTA CRUZ, Sept. 21.— A brush and
forest fire has ragtd yesterday and to
day near Ben Lomond. The fire on th«
ridge nt Graham Hill started again, but
did not do much damage. The damage
done by the new blazo was the burning
of a barn and it«* contents, acres of pas
turage, much cord wood belonging to va
rious woodchoppers and a mile of fencing
belonging to D. M. Locke.
Hard fire fighting saved hundreds of
acres cf pasturage and much timber.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WOODLAND, Sept. 21.— During the high
wind yesterday a fire swept over a large
area between Dunnigan and Blacks. Rich
ard Powers, near Dunnigan, was a heavy
loser. All his grain, hay and seed wheat
were destroyed. He lost every building
on the place except his dwelling. At one
time he abandoned all hope of saving his
residence, and the family carried out the
household goods. The house was eventu
ally saved, but the goods caught on fire
and were destroyed.
The full extent of the damages on the
T. F. Laugenour farm have not yet been
ascertained, but It is known that a great
deal of fencing, two big piles of baled hay
and 160 acres of hay In the shock were
burned.
Special Dltpatch to The Call.
BENICIA, Sept. 21.— During high winds
yesterday several field fires were started
on ranches north and west of Benicia and
they have spread at a furious rate. The
fires are still burning and enormous dam
age has been done. Reports have it
that several ranchers in Sulphur Spring
Valley are left almost homeless. Large
quantities of pasturage and grain and
miles of fences were destroyed.
A fire started on Daniel O'Connell's
ranch and was driven south across the
Tobin ranch into Spring Valley, where a
large area of stubble was burned and
much fencing destroyed. On White's
ranch two stacks of newly threshed
gain were consumed. The fire Is sup
posed to have started on the Page Tract,
near Cordelia, through the carelessness of
an employe of the Bay Counties Power
Company in blasting. Dense volumes of
smoke from the fire are still plainly vis
ible in the direction of Suisun and the
atmosphere is sultry.
»
RANCH BTJILDINGS BURNED.
RANCHERS LOSE HEAVILY.
biggest conflagration in this section since
the destructive fire at Black Point thirty
five years ago.
Chief Adams of the Petaluma Fire De
partment went out to reconnoiter. but.
owing to the great distance, returned
without any new information. A demand
for a force of men from this city to go
out to tight the fire is expected at any
moment.
SAN RAFAEL. Sept. 21.— A large fire
started on the De Long ranch, about four
miles from Novato, at noon to-day. The
fire has Bwept several ranches, among
them the ranch of Adolph Scown. Aided
by a strong northeasterly breeze the fire
is now sweeping In a southerly direction
across the head of Lucas Valley.
Shortly after It started nearly a hundred
men were employed in an effort to subdue
it, but owing to the excessive heat and
the rapidity with which the wind drove
the flames they could accomplish noth
ing. To-night the wind has somewhat
subsided and the fire may be checked
before morning. The residents of this city
and of Mill Valley were very much ex
cited, as great clouds of emoke blew over
the ridges and passed over Mount Tamal
pals. It is believed that the fire started
In a charcoal-burning camp on the De
Long ranch.
Another grass fire started on Point San
Pedro this afternoon, but was soon put
under control. About a hundred acres
were burned over. The reclaimed land be
low this city also came In for a scorching.
About eighty acres were burned over.
The total damage to the grazing land
In this county by fire to-day Is unknown,
but a conservative ertimate places the
number of acres denuded at nearly 2000.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PETALUMA, Sept. 21.-A report reached
this city this afternoon that a grass and
timber fire was raging on the Novata
hand Company's ranch, near Novata. R
D. Hatch, proprietor of the ranch, who
was in Petaluma on business to-day, re
ceived a telegram urging him to return
immediately to the ranch. The fire was
then sweeping through a densely wooded
canyon. It is said fifteen square mi'^s of
country has already been desolated by
the fire. Thousands of dollars probabiy
will be lost in timber alone, as the No
vata Land Company's ranch is covered
by a thick growth of oak trees.
George Clark, the representative of the
Burdell ranch which adjoins that whicli
the fire Is burning, says that this is the
Fifteen Square Miles of Timber Coun
try Desolated by the
Flames.
GRASS FIRE SWEEPS
OVER NOVATO RANCH
Special Dispatch to The Call.
STOCKTON, Sept. 21.— A Herce fire
swept over the country around Clements
in this county last evening. The high
wind carried the flames along with re
lentless force, destroying property and at
several points nearly claiming lives. How
the blaze started is not known, but the
fields are very dry and a single spark
could account for the beginning. It had
Its inception on the Langford place, near
the Clements bridge. It burned along
the river for nine miles to Childs Creek,
sweeping everything. The wind blew a
gale and fighting the fire was useless.
At Childs Creek the flames jumped the
Mokelumne River, over 200 feet wide, and
started on the south side at the old
Stamper place. It was then nearlv 11
o'clock last night. A large force of farm
ers, augmented by miners working at the
mines there, finally controlled the fire, as
the wind went down. The full amount of
the damage is not known, but It is re
ported that Ed Hart lost his house, Fheds
and barn full of hay, besides much fenc
ing; Peter Fitzgerald a big new barn and
fencing and a big haystack; John Hay
maker sheds, barn, hay and fences; Mrs.
Ix>na Beamerts fencing to about $1000 in
value and a stack of grain.
Mrs. Beamert left her place In flames at
10 o'clock last night. Her grain pile was
then on fire and the buildings were all but
destroyed.
The whole country around Clements
looks desolate and black. All the pasture
and much Bruin and hay have been burn
ed. The loss probably will reach well into
the thousands. The path of the flames
was on an average four miles broad.
Buildings, Fences and Grain Stock
Destroyed Around Clements.
It Is Estimated That Twenty Thousand Acres Have Been Burned
Over — Narrow Escapes of Farmhouses and in
the Town of Berkeley. •
Attorney Howard apologized to Judz<»
Ogden. explaining that .h*» had been a
little too hastr and promising to refrain
In the future from outbursts of temper.
The court accepted Howard's apclocy
and the trial proceeded without further
incident.
Before he could proceed further How
ard was cut short by Judge Ogden. who
sternly ordered silence.
"I want you tr> distinctly understand.
Mr. Howard, that I will have no such
language In my courtroom," said tha
court. "Your remarks are entirely un
called for and certair.lv do not show
proper respect to this court. Tf you had
any reply to make you should have wait
ed until the proper time and made in
the proper manner. You must apologizo
to the court for your language to Mr.
MeKlnne."
"That is a lie." cried Attorney Howard,
as he quickly Jumped to his feet. "My "
"These people, the Bakers." said Mc-
Kinne, "have caused stories to be pub
lished which are absolutely untrue. Mr.
Merrill and his wife nave been held up
as having robbed their niece and have
otherwise been presented in a wronsr Hghr
Mr. Howard's clients an* responsible for
these deliberate false statements."
Cary Howard, a prominent member of
t'le Alameda County lar. passer, the lit?
direct to Attorney Barna MrKlnn* of
Can Francisco in Judsr Ogden's court
room this afternoon. In consequence n*
ppent an exciting ftw moments with
Judge Osden. who after scoring in severo
terms the quick-tempered lawyer, com
pelled him to make an immediate apology
to the court. Howard mado the necessary
apoloicy and the incident was closed.
Late this afternoon, during the hearing:
of the suit of Mrs. Etlen F. Baker agalnsc
her uncle, TV. B. Merrill, to foreclose a
mortgage of $3500, Attorney McKinne asked
for permission to make a short statement
in behalf of his client. Merrill. He de
cribed the action of Mrs. Baker and her
husband in the case to be unfair.
Oakland Office San Francisco CaTT.
1US Broadway. Sept. 21
Prominent Lawyers Indulge in Sharp
Words Before Judge Ogden,
Who Compels Aggressor
to Apologize.
Attorney Cary Howard De
clares Barna McKinne
{Spoke Falsely.
PASS THE LIE
IN COURTROOM
Mrs. Howe continues with a tale about
how Pardee forced her to employ ono
Maud Ellsworth as a housekeeper. The
complainant declared that after Pardee
and her brother had the trouble she or
dered Mrs. Kllsworth to leave her employ.
Mrs. Howe added much about Pardee's
alleged attempts to force money from her
at various times. She declares that he
referred to Chief of Police Hodgklns as
troubled with the "bis head," and that
Mrs. Ellsworth had claimed Pardee had
"pull" enough with the Police Commis
sioners to save himself.
In her formal affidavit, Mrs. Howe,
among other matters, complains that
Pardee had compelled her to give him $18
because of his alleged care of her brother.
She claimed also that Pardee had de
manded $250 from her, saying he had
made arrangements to place her brother,
who now accuses the policeman, in a
private hospital in San Francisco.
The Commissioners this morning heard
Attorney L. S. Church cross-examine
Mrs. Howe at great length, but very little
progress was made. Monday the Board
will go at the case again, and the fifty
or more witnesses who have been dancing
attendance upon the , secret meetings will
be lined up for their testimony nearly
every particle of which relates exclusively
to the character of the Howes and
Pardee.
Pardee's friends declare that the charges
are the -wildest of vagaries. But Mrs.
Howe Insists upon their truth. The Is3uo
is between them.
The accusations In detail of Mrs. A. D.
Howe against Policeman Thomas Pardee
have reached the public eye. The charge3
were included in a lengthy typewritten
document which as soon as it was tiled
with the Board of Police and Fire Com
missioners was buried from the gaze of
all save the officials Interested and Par
dee's attorneys. The screed goes Into
mlnuto details and teems with all sorts
of alleged Irregularities on the part of
the patrolman now under fire before the
Commissioners.
1113 Broadway, Sept. 21.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
Policeman's Supporters Declare the
. Accusations Made in Detail Are
the Wildest Sort of
Vagaries.
Mrs. Howe Makes Serious
Allegations Against *
Officer.
CLAIMS PARDEE
WAS PAID MONEY
FIERCE FLAMES SWEEP OVER
THE HILLS OF CONTRA COSTA
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 22, 1900. C
"MIDGET" WESTDAHL
IS A WORLD BEATER
Dakland High School Has Produced
a Phenomenal Long Distance
Runner.
On cross-examination May Testified that
his mother alwas's treated Jennie Heaton
ns her own child.
M. N. May, a son of Heaton's first wife,
was called to the stand in opposition to
Miss Heaton's petition for letters. He tes
tified that Jennie Heaton was brought to
the May ranch, near Lincoln. Placer
County, by his mother when Jennie wa^
about a year old. May said he did not
know who the child's parents were, but
was positive that his mother was not the
mother of Jennie.
Albert W. White testified that he heard
Heaton acknowledge; in the presence of
several persons in the office of Attorney
Whitney mat Jennie was the daughter oi
the late Warren D. Heaton and the one
most entitled to letters of administration
on his estate.
Several other witnesses corroborated
White's testimony.
Most of to-day was devoted to the hear
tnp of testimony contradictory to that
given by "Warren Heaton, who is lined up
with those who oppose the alleged daugh
ter's claims. Heaton declared that he
never stated to any person that Jennie
Heaton was the daughter of his late
cousin. Warren D. Heaton.
The taking of testimony in the Heaton
•will contest was concluded this afternoon
before Judge Greene. The argument wiil
be made next Monday afternoon e£ ?
o'clock. Attorneys McPike and Meserve
will argue for Silas W. Palm m support
of his petition for letters of administra
tion and Attorneys Whitney ana Nus
baumer for Miss Jennie M. Heaton.
Oakland Office Pan Francisco Cali.
111S Broadway, Sept. 21.
Argument Will Be Made
Before Judge Greene on
Monday.
HEATON CASE
IS CONCLUDED
The Divorce Record.
OAKLAND. Sept. 21.— Blanche Anway
1 rn in «?n'.fd puit to-day for r dlvorc** from
-y Berry An way. She alleges cruelty on
»e part of her husband.
11
(rreatly damaged. In eight of Berkeley
over 2000 acres of land was burned over. It
is estimated the fire swept over at least
20,000 acres before reaching the Berkeley
side of the Contra Costa hills.
FLAMES URGED ON BY GALE.
I Sunday Call 1
Are Oor Bathing I
Girls Immodest? 1
A social prob'cm of to'djy, by Grace K
I- Fern, one of the most versatile of C
Eastern writers, who has been se- |
cured to write exclusively far the I
Sunday Call. Q
How tlie American Farmer Is Fooled 1
Out of Millions. |
The Empress of CMna in Her Official 1
Robes. |
The Largest Gnn in tlie World. &
I Women Yersns Agnosticism. I
Poverty the Cause of the Chinese 1
War. p
Odd Corners in the Home. 1
I Adventures With the Moonshiners. \
I THE SUNDAY CALL I
I LEADS THEM ALL \THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 22, 1900.
12
SAX FRAXCISCO CALL. !
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Francisco
Call, corner <-.f Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock e\ery nlpht In the year.
BRANCH OFFICE?— 527 Montgomery street,
ecrner Clay: open until 9:30 p. m.
."¦'"¦0 Hayes street; ojien until 9:30 p. m.
CS McAllister street; open until 3:30 p. m.
CIS I^irkln street; open until 9:30 p. m.
!W1 Mission Ftreet; open until 10 p. m.
2T61 Market etreet. corner Sixteenth: open
until 0 p. k;.
!«* Eleventh street; open ur.tll 9 p. m. ,
1Q9C Valencia street: orx-n until 9 l>. m. 1
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tnckr streets; or^n until 9 p. m. *
MEBTIXC atOTICSS.
CALJFOnNIA Chajrter No. 5. R. A. M., «
will meet THIS ISATCBDAY) EVEN- J%~
I\<i, i>f-rt. — . at 7:30 o'clock. EL A. ?^>\
<3. i-r.-e. 1'v ort«r of th» II. P. '
FRANKLIN H- DAY. Secretary.
EXCELSIOR Degree Lodge No. 2. .->StfB!j2g%.
j o O F. — Regular meeting : 3S2Sfc:
THIS < s ATl'RDA Y) EVENING. =*£<5e£gr
A. K. KINGSFORP. P. M.
HERMANN Lodfre No. 1C. I. O. O. .SL-S^gjv !
p.— Officer* and funeral commit-
tee arc- recaegted to assemble at vT*^s»
Itielr hai! <m SUNDAY. Sf-ptomber T-f>*~.
C3 at 1 Pl m.. to attend the funeral of our 1
late brother FKITZ PKINZ. By order of
The N. O. M. R. JAGER. Secretary.
TO th» officers nrsd members of Court a&^^
Independence Nc. 104. F. of A.: You
ere rt>qvi«"?ted to attend the funeral of jf\
our late brother, RICHARD MORLEY. «>->
SUNDAY. Kt 7:30 a. m.. from the parlors of
rorter & White, No. 121 Ed-iy st. By order
of HDE. KELLY, C. R.
P. M. McGUSHIN. F. S.
ANNUAL meeting— The regular annual meeting
of the stockholder* of the Femdale Petroleum.
<"Ml p.r.d Development Company will be held
et the office cf the corr.pa.nv. 122 Sansome St.,
room 21 second floor. Kan Francisco. Cal.. on
MOKXtAT. the 1st <*ey cf October. 1900. for
the purpose of electing a board of directors
to pfne tor the ensuing year and the transac-
tion r.t Fuch other hucineFe as may come be-
fore the meeting. CHAS. H. CUSHING. Sec.
AGBXTS WASTED.
J?T. TO 559 daily ua> by our Live Apents.
rr«-n or TOrafn, **>ili:»f? our latesv novelty,
• ¦.l-npnipn ¦waterproof ris-okU^; Roods entirely j
«»•»¦ anl patented: apents dcliKhted; sales un- ;
llraitef; vhat Dtben Co you ran do; write to- i
.'.av: secure prelusive territory; guaranteed |
>.-!=t sell*-.-. Address, with stamp. M. & M. 1
UANFQ. CO.. IVpt. O. Sprlngflel.1. Mass.
TA'AXTnn-yan, upright character, to m/inag» '
trurin^ss cf cftablishixl h^use: flS per week and
expense*, 1 ;;irj weekly, from headquarters; ex-
penM money a< 4 .van<-*"l: j.osiiion jwrmanent:
ref. f-'tandard House. DTI Oaxton bU!*r.. Chpo. |
AGENTS of &bilitr and rxperience In life Insur-
ance. Ca'.l at room r-1. SS7 Market, cor. Sixth.
VT. hBDole r.ew^Et novelties for agents. PA- '¦
HOTC AGENTS' SUPPLY CO.. 3461 l«h st.
ASTROLOGY^
MME. HICKHY. aptroloplst; card reading and 1
palmistry. - : -c: horoscope* cast. 1933 Mission. J
ASI'HALTl'M nOOFIXG.
J. TELTIEn. asphalt roofing, sldetralks; cellar i
fl^-* lai-1. r«»^Blr«-<l: nortal. 11SS Mission >t-
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
n. IT. KING, attorney at law, S27 Market ft..
rnnra C27; estates, damages, attachments. 1
baxricrnptcy. collection*; all ca*=es; fair fees; j
no advance charges; raon«*jr loaned on estates. 1
ADVICE tree; divorce law a specialty; private; I
no ?#*> without 6uccess; collections. G. \V. I
HOWE, any at law, S39 Market, cor.Ptockton. j
rp.nn advice; divorce laws, damages, estates, i
cottoeUODJL J. A. Mitchell, 314 Montgomery, j
ADVICE free; no chartre unless successful. AV. j
\Y. Davidson, S?7 Market ft., opn. Mason. J
I- S CLARK. Kmrna Ppreckels bldg-.. 527 Mar- ;
ket st.: consultation free; no fees in advance. 1
CC6TER. HERMAN J., attorney. 527 Market !
rt . r *i">: o^en cvp., 7-S; consultation free, j
HATH CAUIXETS.
BOCKCEOX TS. 4-par.e] folding: door opens; firm
and yaf». \V. P. BROWN, gen, agt.. 42$ Ellis.
ULLCIAX HAKES.
FIFTT mature do^s and fifty half-^rown Bel- j
plan ban* for sale; must l>e eold in lump at <
•¦¦¦¦: '. ht-ai... Box 4?43. Call office. !
KOAnmXO FOR CISILDRE\.
WANTED— Little girl or boy to room and. j
board: cc.rr.jiaiiy ;or lady; terms reasonable. I
¦', x 1741. Call Tiff.ce.
BCSXKESS CHA.VCES.
A-VSOi t BESTAUBANT/* 2 i blocks % north 'ot j
Cliri .nicle tiuj;. ; firet-class prices; rent $35; \
owner wishes to Fell on account of other busi- ;
n< fca ••nt-afreniontK. Call R. <J. WILKE. IC*± 1
Kf.rrry M.
A- MO;— CHOI'HOrPE: elope to City Hall; rent <
fSD; daily receipts f;r,.
A $„ ¦¦!) bakery; one block from Call bldg.;
daily receipt* tStl only store trade. t-«
H <;. WILKE. WV4 Kearny Ft. j
A— vl3»; SALOON with 10 furnished rooms, close !
Vj new Hall of Justice; place establ. many j
yej.rs and <5o!^g a pood business; owner en- 1
Raged otherwise cause of eale. Call It. G. ,
WILKE, SHi Kearny Ft. j
A— SALOON with 9 furnished rooms; rert J40; |
piace doing « cx>d business; in neighbor- ¦
hood of warchouis<-s and factories: commer- j
< '.a! lunch from 11 to 1 o'clock; a rare chance.
Call It. G. WILKE. ZT.-'i Kearny st.
A— fU9Q; SASJOOStZ t-Ftab. many years: half a j
t lock r.ortli of Mason ar.d Market; rent $7j; I
h tlrst-cla.«s. ;>aying vlace; partners can't :
agree cause of £s!e. See It. G. WILKE, 2S\i
Kiaray Ft.
A— tlOGO; COFFEE pa loon doing: an average
business of MO per day; rent S75: place lo-
rated r.ear Hall of Justice, on Ivearny st.,
end irfij double receipts in thort time. Call K.
J^WILKK. S6% Kearny «.
A— ttlOO: CORNER grocery- and bar; cholceFt
location in the Mij-s-ion; rent *3i; 4 living
i ens; j)la<~e estab. years; owner, a widow,
¦vam* to retire. Call H. G. WILICE, 26'-j
Kearny it.
A — f.'.VT;; SALOON v:th building of 7 furnished
rooms; lor.g grn-jn«l lease; close to Union Iron
World; place ectab. 16 years and doing a first-
<'.a«s paying business; owner leaving city.
'.'ail K. O. WILKK. Wi Kearny gt.
A— CORStEB ''iKar store en Kearny Bt. : clear-
!n« above Ji:,o i*r month. Call H. G. WILKE.
¦-¦ : . ICearnr ft.
A— OORXEB BsJoon: water front; wholesale dl?-
trtot: moaer-mafcer. COWING & Co., 719
Market M.
-¦• C ; H"TEL: hfartclty;CO rooms, all light-
«ajt.-. deaths COWIKQ A CO.. 719 Market.
A RESTAURANT: north~Market: b«=t in city.
aoOl at once. OOW1KO A CO.. 713 Market st.
A-IiOAUDlNO house on" water front; money-
mak<r. COWIXG & CO.. 719 Market Kt.
A — TRIP TO 1TPOP E~~
BAKERS DON'T MISS THIS
:\:,.rr.O net each in i years: home bak-ry. <-offee
l-arlor. tmsinea ™> nt er of S. F.; all counter
'.rac'e; f 2-.<O ; aouble your meney in IS months;
d- n't rail to see my agents. KREDO & DUT-
TON, 2C Geary £t.
V'f<C—L>HVG Ftore and doctor's practice; J200
i '"^^^ KltEr.O & PUTTON. :6 Geary st.
A--SAY. FISHEH & CO. have you lodpinsr-
5yw f .5? Yr K . what price? $300 un. any loca-
tion flf-sirrd: 12 rooms. $300: 10 rooms, J450: 10
rooms, new. JK;.\ fine; 31 rooms, barnin $7r>0-
-7 rooms. ?:000, snap; all sizes, all prices ali
f Kgw bargains: call and see u*. 1032 Market.
BAHBER fV-p for *ale in WiHits. Merdocino
Coontjr. 168; *ure to l.e rejlroa.l t-rmin-x bv
WMhtV "a! r AddrPSS J ' R ' W ALKEH,
V ' *~ Harbor to buy ro T>d paylns shop
j. 1 rl?Km!^*^ County. Address J.
fttW^RESTAUHAJCTj n'^r city; muM~seir7e^
count detutrture: CO regular boarders- part
¦ -iFh if rifEm-d. Mclaughlin & Co.. 7774 Mkt.
J40-!--AIyOON r.n Market e *. : half price. Mc-
LAVCIILIX & CO.. 777'4 Market it.
WC have largest list of saloon*. hot«ls cro-
• •<Ti*'P. cissr Btore*, etc.. in the <-!ty Oall
Si.liWKlXIIARI) & CO.. J17 Market «t b--
Twe-en Fifth and glstli; tel*-;,hon- Hint ibiv'
J" 't— PARTNER In buttfr bowtnien: clears fi"3
•o J17S to each; trial. Uox 4955. Call ofnc«.
CT^JCEHS' cnrr.rUete outfit cheap (except
nbck>. l-ZZ Grc*n et.
SALOON — A barcain account of departure At>-
piy Hi Third St.. after 11 a. m.
FOIi f?al» — A good blacksmith, and horseshoe! nc
Bhop. in go»»l loc-ulon; preset owner wishes
10 retire. Jnquil* at TAYLEIl & SPOTS-
WOOD'S. 122-1^3 I'remont St.
BJftlBERS— 2 chair shop for sale cheap; owner
has ether business. 3142 Twenty-fourth Bt.
T<"» rent— For coal yard, milk dep<-t. etc.; fine
•oration: place is rntiroly covered: contains 3
•Us!lf?: rc-nt only 515; water free. Inquire WM
HEXDRICKSON & CO.. C14 Call building.
FRUIT Ftore, horse and wagon, 5 living rooms:
good location; «M-!ling ch#aji on account of
t.irknee*. -Addr^EB box 4yC8, Call office.
P.'UTE for sale on Chronicle! Box 4980. Call
office.
SALOON' and lodsirir-house to rent. Cor. 1st
and Federal, Mall Dock; arsift good man.
roit f-aie-Klondyke Oyster House; money
maker: cause eicknets. 1T6 Third Bt.. at 12 m.
BUSINESS CHANCES — CONTINUED.
pXnTIES^havln«r*capitaI to Invest In large or
small amounts can secure a permanent Invest-
ment which will pay net dividends from 15 to
40 per cent annually; fullest Investigation;
send for particulars. Address Fisheries, box
1111. Call office.
FOP. sale— $2500; an old-established horseshoe-
ing business, near city; Includes shop and
tools; averages 20 horses daily; flret-clat-s
prices: present owner wishes to retire. Ati-
drcss box 4923. Call ofllce. for particulars.
OYSTER and tamale grotto and fine bar; estab.
13 year*. SE. cor. Twenty- fourth and Folsom.
COFfEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
IV.^r A SWELL & CO.. 412 Sacramento st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received &t Call branch office. 2100 FUlmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencta vt. ..^_J ;__
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
A — 22-ROOM rooming-house; central $1000
11-room house; $300 down, balance easy.. 500
20-room house; flrft class 1050
Il-room house. $17.">: G-room flat 323
FISHER & CO.. 1032 Market st.
LODGING-HOUSE buyers, attention— Houses
at reduced prices; Renuir.e bargains: size? and
locutions to suit: money loaned. SCHWEIN-
HARD & CO.. 917 Market St.. between Fifth
and Kixth: phone 191L
A SPECIAL INDUCEMENT
ON KREDO &. DUTTON, 36 Geary st.
$700 cash for 50 rooms; new; Installments.
SSOO for 14 rooms; Geary: $35 profit.
$450 only for 14 rooms; Post; worth $900.
LODGING houses from $160 to $5000; everybody
can be suited; rend in your houses; buyers
are waiting. EMERY & SMITH. » Eddy Bt.
MARION GRIFFIN. 719 Market St., room No.
1— Houses of all sires and prices; please call
lor free list: money to loan.
WANTED— Tenant for new 110-room bouse. A.
M. PPECK & CO.. 6C7 Market St.
CAHRIAGES A\D WAGONS.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
etc.. cheap. EGAN & SON. 2117 Mission st.
AN A No. 1 express waifon. single, also light
camping wagon, for sale cheap. 532 Mission.
NEW & M-h.ind wagons, buggies, carts & har-
ness, work & driving horses, loth & Valencia.
SPONGES and chamois our specialty. AMER-
ICAN SPONGE CO.. 150 New Montgomery st.
CAMPAIGN' PHOTO KLTTONS.
MFT'of all kinds of photo buttons and Jewelry;
wholesale and retail: send for catalogue.
Miniature Portrait Co.. 93a Market st.. S. F.
CAPE NOME.
LAST steamer Railins September 23, direct to
Cape Nome from San Francisco. For pas-
sage rates apply to C. F. MOORE, 935 Market
ft., room 6.
SPIRITUALISM.
ARP.IVED— Mrs. Dr. Farnhani, world-renowned
Fplritual medium; advice In all affairs of life,
lawsuits, divoices, deaths; unites the sepa-
rated; mining a specialty; cirs. Sun..Wed.,Fri.
ev"e; come and be convinced. (Permanently)
613 Fddy St., bet. Hyde and Larkin; no Plgn.
FROF. GEE, medium; test circle every night;
10c; read. $1: ladles 50c. 148 6th. Brunswick.
MRS KOTTER. 34 Sixth st.. circle to-day. 2 &
8 p. m.; 10c; fittings dally; G.. $1: L-. 5*)c.
MRS. LESTER— Cir. Sun., Tues.. Frt. eve.,
10c; readings daily. 200 Turk st.
GO to WATSON. 1581 Market, nr. 12th— Famous
palmist & medium: lucky & true; 23e & 50c.
MATCHETT holds circle to-night, 8 o'clock; 10c;
test to alL 132 Fourth St.; sittings dally, 50c.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, clairvoyant, lest, buai-
negg medium, life reader; sittings 81. 1104 Mkt.
FRIENDSHIP Hall, 235 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
Meyer, sit, dally: convinc'g tests to-night 10-:.
CLAIK VOVAM'S.
MMK. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant at card
rtader. born with double " C n & second sight,
diagnoses disease with life reading; ladies 50c;
gents tl; palm. & clair. sit. $1 GO. 126 Turk st.
ISMAR. the Egyptian gypey clairvoyant anil
palmist, permanently located 114S Market, opp.
€'.h; private readings dally 10 a. m. to a p. m.
MME. BERNARD reads life fluently; advice
given In all affairs in life: satisfaction guar-
anteed; for Ob. "7 Third St., next Examiner.
MRS. K. M. DUVALL, clairvoyant and healer,
diagnoses diseases. 425 Oolden Gate ave.
MME. VALEEN. clalrvoyar.t.palmist: card read-
er; real Egyptian charms. 21i> Leavenworth.
MME. HANSON, palmistry, card reader; past,
present, future, 25c. 14S Sixth St., room 11.
MME. LENEMAR— Fortunes by planets; pre-
dicted overdue strar Gold wreck. 310 Mason St. 1
MME. ZEREDA, the gypsy, is the great palm-
ist and card reader; 23c 7 Seventh; no sign. '
CLAIRVOYANT, trance, business medium; card
reader, 2io up. S2S Mission et.. nr. 4th; no sign.
A GYPSY, genuine clairvoyant, located 10 daj a
S12 MlrFlon; ladles. 25c; gents. 50c. Frawley.
MMi:. RUTH, great prophetic card reader;
GOc. 7CS Ellis St., near Larkin.
MRS. MELVILLE, well-known clairvoyant, wa-
ter reader, moved to 11 Sixth: German spoken.
MMK. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmlFtry: truth or no pay; 25c. 1149 Mission.
MME. SCHAFFER. clairvoyant, card reader,
eittinss dally. I12H Sixth st.
JIME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice: names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st
CARPET HEATIXG AND CLEANING.
¦WHEN you become discrusteci with poor work I
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-Beat-
ing Works, 353-357 Tehama et. ; tel. South 40.
J. McQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co.,
453 Stevenson fit.; tel. South 22S; lowest rates.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-Beating and Reno-
vating Co.. 240 Fourteenth st. ; tel. Mission 74.
CITY Steam Carpet-Beating Works, G. H.
STEVENS, mm--. 28-40 8th St.; tel. South 230.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard, laid at 4c.
FTUATTOX'S, 3 Eighth st.; tel. Jessie 944.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 204. GEO. WALCOM. proprietor.
COXKLIX'S Carpet-Beating Works, 333 Golden
Gate ave.; telenhone East 126.
CHIROPODISTS.
BUNIONS, insroun nails, corns, absolute cure,
painless: consult'n free. Dr.Duncan.415 Sutter.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency — No cnarge un-
le«s successful. Room 310. 927 Market »-t.
COTTAGES TO LET.
f6— HOUSE of 4 rooms; worth $12 In city: near
Holly Park: water free. 64 Silver St.. off 3d.
DENTISTS.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIcTioTMar^
ket st.. cor. 4th. rm. 7. Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
S3 50 up; plates, extractions free, |4 59 up; of-
| nee hours. 9 a. m. to lrt p. m. ; Sundays. 9 to 2
I p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON. M. D., Manager.
j A— DR. V. CAVALSKY has returned from
the Paris Exposition with some of the finest
[ 1 atents for painless dentistry, plates, teeth
I without a plate, crown and bridge work; all
i work warranted; plates, full set. $3; fillings,
• r,0c; crown, it 50. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 6th.
1 EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
; and fillings; extractions or fillings by my won-
I derful secret, rainless method: 20 years' ex :
j ]>erlence; no students; advice free; prices
I chf-ajiest and guaranteed; lady attendants.
! PR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell st.
i CROWN and bridge work experts; our work is
j unfxcelled and our urltes are the lowest: call
I and fc* our samples and get our prices before
i (roing elsewhere: best of references; examina-
[ ticn tree. "Main office" New York Dental
] l'arlirp. 1019 Market at. bet. 6th arid 7th; elev.
j TEETH extracted free; plates. $1; crowns. $3 50;
j bridge work. f~>: all the latest methods for
painless dentistry; hours, 9 a. m. to 9 p. m.
I Modern Dental Parlors, 1206 Market, cor. G. G.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1413 Market, nr. Eleventh
—No charge for extracting when plates ar«
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $8 per set; extracting. 50c; gas iclven.
i LOWEST prices in S. F. : painless extraction.
j DOc. New York Dentists, 969 Mission, cor. Cth.
I PARIS Dental Parlor. 223 Kearny, cor. Bush —
Full pet of teeth, tl; crowns, $3; fitlings, 25c.
i VAX VROOM— "Painless"; evenings and Sun-
i days. 1C01 Mnrket st., corner Sixth.
j SET of teeth without plate. DR. S] gT
YOUNG. 1S41 Polk st.
• A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
1C pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
DOG HOSPITALS. ',
DR. TUZARD'S Dog HoFpitaCToTTlniimyT^
Advice and medicine. 7ic; city visits, $1 f.0: all
aniniaJs treated; dops boarded. Tel. West 636.
DR. Creely's C. 1*. mange cure and worm pills
by druggists or at hospital. 513 Golden Gatf-av.
j DRESSMAKERS AXD SEA«STUKSSKS
! McDowell Dressmaking and Millinery School;
I rxivate class; patterns cut. 1019 Market st.
t S. F. Dressmaking. Ladles' Tailoring and Mil-
linery School: French pystera. 411 Van Ness.
ACCORDION pleating factory: all kinds pleat-
I Ing. pinking. 1T1 Pist, over O'Connor&Moffatt.
EDUCATlOXAIh
A^R^S^^u^m^sT^oiie^eT^S^Iark^r^Birr^ay
and evening; Individual Instruction, $S per
month; life scholarship, $50; bookkeeping,
Ehorthand. telegraphy, etc. ; just added 23 new
typewriters; commercial department enlarged
¦and is the best In S. F. : catalogue free.
AYRES' Business College night school opens
October 1. 723 Market st.
HEALD'S Business College. 24 Post st. S. F.—
Practical courses in bookkeeping, shorthand,
typlnp, languages, telegraphy, English
branches, civil, electrical and mining engi-
neering, etc.: new SO-page catalogue free.
GALLAGHER-MARSH College, Parrott Bldg.—
Shorthand, typlnp and bookkeeping; Robert F.
Gallagher, expert court reporter, teacher of
shorthand; rcportorial phrasing taught; prac-
tical bookkeeping: full couree. $.*>0: catalogue.
NIGHT School for Men at the Y. M. C. A.
building. Mason ana Ellis sts.; registration.
Sept. 10-24: studies elementary and advanced;
great opportunity for young men to gain a
practical business education.
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university. law and medical
colleges; references, President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
ALL students but two taking full couree this
year got positions. RAN FRANCISCO BUSI-
NESS COLLEGE, 1236 Market at.
BOOKKEEPING, free trial: private lessons; 8
mos. in college not equal to S wks. with me;
$15. TARR. expert accnt.. 429 Parrott bldg.
ENGINEERING, civil,, elec, mining, mech. sur-
vey, assay, cyanide, arch.; day, eve.; est. 1864.
VAN PER NAILLEN SCHOOL, 933 Market.
CARLOS N. KELLER, tenor soloist; voice cul-
ture and piano. 324 Golden Gate ave.
CALIFORNIA Business College in again en-
larglng quarters. Come see us, 305 Larkin st.
MUNSON School Shorthand. Typing, Bookkeep-
lng. Spanish. 137 Mont'y. E. M. Carpenter, pr.
PIAXO and German; pupil of Conservatory la
Leipslc; lessons 75c. 320 Golden Gate ave.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc., day or eve.; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
LE JEUNE Art and Craft School; modeling,
designing, carving, all branches. 424 Pine st.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
A— JAPANESE and Chinese employment con-
tractor: estab. over 10 years; all kinds help.
421 Post Ft., near Powell; telephone Bush 135.
JAPANESE Housecleaning Co.— Waiters, cooks,
dishwashers. Eft. 1S90. 1026 Oak; tel. Page 547.
UNION Japanese-Chinese emp. offlce— Best help
furn.; domestic sorv. 417 Powell; tel. Bush376.
ORPHEUM Employment Offlcfv— Japanese. Chi-
nes .p help. 42G Powell. nr.Suttor: tel. Black 5072.
JAPANESE and Chinee Employment Office;
best help furn.: tel. John 2121. 306H Stockton.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office —
Best help. *lV,j O'Farrell st.: tel. East 426.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — FEMALE.
GERMAN girl wants situation for general
housework or upstairs. Please call at 13
Lucky ave. bet. 24th and 26th, Foleom et. and
Treat ave.
RELIABLE German lady desires situation as
saleslady In confectionery or as nurse or iip-
eiairo work; city or country. Address 821 Fil-
bert St.
HOUSEWORK, good reliable Eastern girl; ex-
cellent cook and good manager; no sweeping
or washing; city or country; wages $25. Call
505 Fourth st.
AN elderly woman and daughter would like
some office cleaning or house cleaning; plain
washing or any kind of work. Box 3751, Call.
YOUNG woman wishes a situation for second
work or upstairs work and eewins; references.
Call or address 124 Fillmore st.
REFINED young lady would like position as
companion or second work; San Rafael or
city. MiEs Meyer, 3211 Idaho Et. S. Berkeley.
A FRENCH maid want3 a situation; Is a first-
class seamstress; best of references; city cr
country. Address box 3764, Call offlce.
A — WOMAN vould like plain 8«wing to do at
home. 625 Pine St., room 50, first floor.
WOMAN with one child desires situation as
housekeeper in city; no triflers. Box 4937. Call.
COMPETENT girl wishes housework. Bos
4S2S. Call office.
A FIRST-CLASS American cook, excellent
baker, good managing housekeeper, clean ar.d
careful: small private family; wages mod-
erate. 328 Third st.
GERMAN girl desires a position as cook in an
American family; call between 10 a. m. an*.
C p. m. 2 Chatham place, off Bush st., be-
low Stockton.
TRAINED nurse wishes position as maid: un-
derstands hairdresssing, sewing and packing.
Box 3754, Call offlce.
A FIRST-CLASS Swedish cook wishes posl-
tlon with American family; wages $35; best
of city reference. 1S12 Polk *t.
GERMAN girl wishes to do cooking ard house-
work; city references. Please address box
3757. Call office.
YOUNG Eirl would like a position as lady's
maul or chambeimaid and sewing; $25; please
call. 1S22 Polk st., room 14.
CAPABLE housekeeper, care of Invalid or aged
person, city on country. Call or write late
employer. 1413 Bush st. : telephone Sutter 2954.
A COMPETENT Danish *rtrl wishes situation
to do second work; wages $23; call bet. 10 and
4. 122 Seventh st.
LADY wishes sewing and repairing to do at
home. 116 Sixth St., room 1.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St., near Mar-
krt; 200 rooms; 20c to $1 50 night, $1 00 to $6
week; convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and bagKape to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 1200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 10U6 Va-
lencia Kt.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — MALE.
YOUNG man well educated in English and
German desires Dosition; understands the
drus trade; also photographic chemistry;
well acquainted in the Orient and Eastern
States; best of references and security given
J. SHILLING. 1581 Valencia Et.
RELIABLE man, aged 28. wants position In
private place; understands care of horses;
Kood driver: can mllK and be generally use-
ful. Box 3763, Call offlce.
CARPENTER, all round, can make and work
from rlans. wishes work with land or build-
ing company; mieht take lot in part wages;
city or country. Box 4942, Call office.
POSITION wanted, ranch foreman; 15 years'
experience; can furnish good references. Ad-
dress box 4941. Call offlce.
WANTED — By a willing, sober man with refer-
ences, a situation about private place; horse,
cow and la-.vn. Address Willing. 173 Eighth.
FIRST-CLASS oyster man wants position in
lar^re hotel or restaurant. Address box 4D36
Call office.
MAN and wife, colored, head and second cooks,
flrist-class, want positions. R. MURRAY, 100C
Clay st.
YOUNG iran from East, understands shorthand
and typewriting, wishes position here; any-
thlng for a r.tart. Box 37G1. Call offlce.
YOUNG man from the East, a good carpenter.
will work chean for start here. GEO. F.
JOHNSTON, Ahlborn House. 323 Grant ave.
MAN wishes position to care for horses; work
around private place; references. WM. BAR-
RETT. 217 Third Ft.
FRENCH cook wants a situation In hotel; city
or country. D. L., 275 Stevenson st.
WANTED— Situation as second or short order
cook. Address box 3762, Call office.
UPHOLSTERER; first-class, all round man on
line furniture, carpet, shada and drapery
work: ?5 years' practical experience;' beat
Eastern trade; capable of taking full charge.
Box 3756. Call offlce.
LUMBER and freight measurer wants position-
15 years' experience In Eastern steamship
lines; can take full charge shipping office
work. Address box 3720. Call ofUce.
RELIABLE man (German) desires position in
wholesale houpe or drive delivery wagon; best
city references; sixteen years last place ot
employment. Address A. E., box 3729, Call.
POSITION In real estate office: have had ex-
perience with large firm In the East; will ac-
cept small wages et start. Address box 3753
Call office.
ELDERLY gentleman seeks employment; book-
keeping; caretaking, correspondence, night
clerk, tending office or store. Box 1S4S, Call
office.
A YOUNG man wishes position as clerk, book-
keeper or correspondent; speaks and writes
Spanish fluently and can furnish A No. 1 ref-
erences. Box 4961, Call.
YOUNG man wishes position as barkcerer In
saloon or hotel; can speak German. French
and Spanish. Address 940 Howard st.
ELDERLY German, clean, sober, wishes a slt-
uatlon to cook lunch and bartending. Call 01
address J. B., 610* Sacramento st.
EXPERIENCED first-class gardener. 30 years'
practice, peeks position In hotel, private' place
or big orchard. Address A. W., 431 Pine st.
SITUATION wanted by a flrst-class Gorman
Kardener: can take care of horses and car-
riaRe. Address Gardener, box 3361. Call office.
FIRST-CLASS elevator man wants position:
references. Box 3755. Call.
WORK wanted by an all-around mechanic
married man. Address box 49S2.-Call offlce.
BAKER— Bread and cakebaker wants position:
day work desired. 313 Leavenworth st.
EMPLOYMENT AV ANTED— MALE.
WANTED— For U. S. army, able-bodied, un-
married men between ages of 21 and 35, citi-
zens of United States, of good character and
temperate habits, who can speak, read and
write English; recruits are specially desired
for service in Philippines. For information
apply to Recruiting Officer, 121 New Mont-
gomery St., San Francisco. Cal. ¦
WANTED— Man. upright character, to manage
business of old-established house; salary $18
per week & expenses, payable weekly, direct
from headquarters; expense money advanced:
position permanent; reference. Standard
House. 301 Caxton building. Chicago. . * *
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
eubscriptlons has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st.
EXCHANGE.
TWO houses In Los Angeles— Exchange for San
Francisco property or sell for cash, lnstall-
ments or first mortgage. Box 4973. Call office.
EXPERT OPTICIAXS^
EYES examined free; spectacles properly ad-
justed. N. Manasse. oculist optician. 910 Mkt.
FINANCIAL.^
IF you have stocks or bonds of any kind for
sale, call or address PACIFIC COAST UN-
PERWRITINO CO.. 504 Parrott building.
FLATS TO LET.
FLAT of 8 light sunny rooms. 743 Tehama St..
near Ninth; rent $5.
HARRISON, 665— Upper 4 sunny rooms and
bath: no children.
IF you want to move get printed list flats to let
from BALDWIN &HOWELL. 10 Montgomery.
TO LET— New flat, 4 rooms, bath and laundry.
343 Liberty Bt. ¦ ¦
UPPER sunny flat. 6 rooms and bath; large
yard. Apply 2806 Howard st.
$8-FLAT. 6 rooms, «tt Federal; Mail dock;
newly painted; free till October 1.
FLAT^ TO LET KUllXISH E1J.
NICELY furnished flat to rent; also house-
keeping rooms. 17S1 Haight St., near Golden
Gate Park. _^_^
FUnjriTDRB FOR SALE.
4 ROOMS furnif hed in oak for $4S 50. with No. 7
range. King Furniture Co., 1127-1131 Market.
FURNITURE of 3 rooms for sale cheap. Box
4979. Call offlce.
fuunituue wanted; *
CHAS. LEVY buys ' your furniture, carpets,
pianos, etc. 1135 Market St.; tel. Jessie Ml.
ALWAYS^ 'phone John 1041 before selling your
furniture. Standard Furn. Co., 745 Mission.
Auctioneer — L. Vincent, 1S05 Larkin;tel. Polk 694;
furniture & furn'd houses bought; spot cash.
$5000 worth of furniture, carpets, etc., wanted.
M. Sllverateln. 1121 Market; tel. Folsom 1105.
ALFRED WOLLPERT. 773 Mission St.. pays
highest price for your second-hand furniture.
W. E. CODY (late with J. T. TerryA Co.), buys
furniture, carpets. 757 Mission; tel. Red 3353.
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
•^R"HANSEN"&"c6^^.CPhon^Granr^
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
3 waitresses, Santa Fe system, $20, see party
here, free transportation: 2 waitresses, east,
$22 50. first-class house; 3 waitresses, south.
$20; 2 waitresses, north, $20; 2 waitresses,
city, $20; 3 chambermaids, to wait, $20; wo-
man cook, $30; saleslady, candy store, coun-
try, $3 week; hairdresser to work few hours
a day.
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Middle-aged working housekeeper for widow-
er and 2 children. $20; working housekeeper
for small American family, city, $20; wait-
ress and parlor maid. $20: second girls, nurse
girls, house girls, city and country: 2 house
girls to go south, $25-$20. C. R. HANSEN &
CO.. 1C4 Geary 8t.
WANTED— A large number of house girls, sec-
ond clrls, cooks, waitresses, nurses, parlor
maids, lroners. laundresses. J. F. CROSETT
& CO.. 316 Sutter st.
IRONERS.
Flrst-claes lroners, also girls to learn Iron-
ing:, and machine operators wanted imme-
diately at La Grande Laundry. 228 Twelfth
Bt. ; good wages, short hours.
j AV ANTED — Good German cook; none other need
I apply: sood situation; good wages. Inquire
I evenings at 1S15 California St., between
j Franklin and Gough.
j WANTED— A six-months' old baby. Apply
with baby at Orpheum. Sunday morning, 10
j o'clock. .
I WANTED— Girl to do general housework:
wages $20. Call 1521 Masonic ave., above
Frederick st.
YOUNG pirl for second work. $15 a month. Ap-
ply at Maudsley Sanitarium, 2111 Pine St., at
4 p. m. only.
A NEAT eirl to take care of child; wages $7
I to ?10. 1S0S O'Farrell st.
A YOUNG girl to assist with light housework;
wages $10 to $12. Apply 339 Twelfth st.
j JOB compositor, man or woman. Academy
Printing House, 819 Market jit.
j WANTED— A girl for housework In a small
}• fnmlly. 1C06 Grove gt.
GIRL to do plain ironing; steady Job. 231
Jessie St., near Fourth.
i BRIGHT, popular saleslady wanted: good sal-
ary If suitable. 2760 Tvventy-thlrd. nr. York.
! GIRL wanted to assist in housawork and take
j cars of baby. 1632 McAllister Bt.
MIDDLE AGED lady to do light housework.
Call at 716 Franklin Ft.
WANTED— A cook for coffee and lunch house.
32 Sixth st.
WANTED— Women and girls to work on toma-
toes, canning and preparing; highest wages
paid: steady work; prizes for quick work.
Apply Immediately to U. S. FRUIT PACK-
ING CO.. Harrison ave.. between Seventh and
Eighth its., off Folsom.
APPRENTICES on overalls. STANDARD
SHIRT FACTORY, cor. Gough and Grove sts.
GIRLS to rivet overalls, also sewing machine
operators, at Levl Strauss A: Co.'s factory.
32>/4 Fremont St.: JK> experience necessary;
good wages. Apply to MR. DAVIS.
FIRST-CLASS skirt makers on ladies' tailor
suits; steady work. A. CAILLEAU. 114
Kearny st.
GIRL wanted to nsslst In housework and take
care of baby. 1632 McAllister st.
GIRL to assist in housework. 410 Clayton St..
near Oak.
YOUNG woman to do general housework and
cooking; fnmlly of 4. 900 Guerrero, bet. 1 & 3.
WANTED— Girl help housework, care 2 chll-
clren; $10 month. 220 27th St.. nr. Guerrero.
COMPETENT cook; general housework; wages
$20; reference. Call 1 to 5 at 1153 Octavia st.
A FINISHER wanted, and ladles' tailor; good
wages M. FEDER. 211 Post st.
GIUL or woman for light housework; $15. 2427
Sutter st.. near Broderlck. .
GOOD operator and buttonhole maker on vests;
alao f?w girls to learn. 157 Fourth St.
'• WANTED— Gobd,\ steady finishers on pants;
also operator. 157 Fourth st. :
WANTED— Experienced book folder In book
bindery. Address box 1S51, Call office. •
' GIRLS wanted at United States Laundry, SIx-
l teenth ht., near Valencia.
IRONERS wanted at United States Laundry,
Sixteenth st., near Valencia.
: EXPERIENCED operators on electric power
sewing machines on shirts at GREENE-
BAUM. WEIL & MICHELS. 531 Mission st.
' GIRLS wanted at Comstock Dance Hall, 618
Pacific St., corner Montgomery ave.
APPRENTICES on coats, pants and vests,
paid while learning. 541 Market st.
; GIRLS with experience. Book bindery, 536
I Clay st. .
WANTED— Women and girls to work on fruit
1731 FolFom Kt.. between 13th and 14th. ¦
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce, 2200 FUlmore st.
i A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
1 eubscriptions has - been established at lOdti
Valencia st. -^ '
; HELP WANTED — MALE.,
WANTED— A first-class sticker hand; also
good planer man. Apply COMMERCIAL
PLANING MILLS. Third and King sts.
WANTED— Shoemaker for work or buy the
j shop. jj35 Commercial St.
• CLERK for grocery and bar. H. METHMANN,
. ¦ 249S Market st., corner Sanchez.
; SHOEMAKER wanted on repairs; steady work.
l'14O FUlmore st.
; LINDELL House, corner Sixth and Howard —
Rooms. .15c to 2ic night; 75c to $2 per week.
; WANTED— stove molder for snap work.- Ap-
ply £16 Kearny st.
__ HELP WASTED — MALE.
A— MURRAY & READY.?.. PHONE MAIN 6S4S
Leading Employment ' and Labor Agents.
....WANT 7 A. M. TO-DAY
FREE.. WE.. SHIP... EVERYBODY... FREE
To All Parts of California, Utah. Nevada.
NUMBER. WANTED AT WAGES.
154— Nevada, Truckee. Lake View.. $41 and fd
16— Los Angeles, Santa Barbara $2 day
24— Redding, Shasta. Fresno $190 day
IIS— Surf, Soda Springs, Salt Lake $2 day
64— Dlxon. Elmlra and Bakersneld...$l 70 day
163— For 19 different divisions $2 day
FREE FARE.... OFFICE FEE ONLY $1.
MURRAY & READY.
634-636 Clay st.
. CLASSES OF HELP
A— NUMBER. WANTED. WAGES.
35— Laborers to help carpenters, you'll
suit $40 and found
6— Blacksmiths $43 and found
<— Sash and door makers, shingle joint-
ers, crosscut sawyers $2 50 to $3 day
18— Laborers to work at mines $42 and f d
12— Miners, single-hand work $50
"—Farm, orchard, vineyard hands.. $26 and fd
18— Milkers and butter-makers $30 and fd
6— Fanners and wives, furnace man
$40 and found
12— Teamsters, road work $32 and fd
15— Men to ride horses $45 and fd
19— Stablemen, city and country. .$35 and fd
IS — Chorrmen and boys, come see.. $25 and fd
,150— Men for Humboldt County $23 and fd
12»— Scraper teamsters, all parts... $35 and fd
19— Drillers, bricksetters, etc $2 50 day
1S3— Laborers and teamsters for all parts of
California, some in clty..$l 75 to $2 50 day
4 — Boatmen, beef luggers, stone masons,
„ $3 day
IS— Tailors, firemen, men for wine cellars,
bakers' and coal wagons, etc
ji $2 to $2 50 day
197— Jobs not advertised, come see $2 50 day
FRUIT AND GRAPE PICKING.
1J1— Men or boys to pick fruit, work In
packlng-housei. etc., you'll suit
$30 and found
SAWMILLS, WOODS. ETC.
•4 — Laborers to work In woods, mills,
yards, wharves, 15 different Jobs, free
$30 to $40 and found
t— Ironmolders $3 60 day
MURRAY & READY,
634-636 Clay st.
A— HOTEL BAKERY BUTCHERS
LAUNDRY DEPARTMENT
Second cook, mines, $40 and found, fare paid
28 cooks $50, {GO. $40. $30 and found
18 waiters $35, $30, $25, $20 and found
82 dishwashers $30. $23, $20, $15 and found
12 takers' assistants $40, $35, $30 and found
12 Iaundrymen $10, $35, 130. $25 and found
Candymakers; porter help for Institution
6 butchers $35. $50 and $60
MURRAY & READY. 634-63C Clay st.
A SPECIAL
Blacksmith for Arizona. S3 50 day, fare paid,
see boss here
Coachman, $50; farmer and wife, see boss
here; 4 men to run Ingersoll drills, $90; 2
stone masons, $4 day; 2 stenographers and
typewriters, $30 and $43 and found; sailor for
launch. MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay St.
COOK and helper for ranch. $60; restaurant
cooks, $10 week and $30 month; waiter, coun-
try hotel, $30: porter: confectioner for country,
j $73. J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 62S Sacramento.
ERRAND boy; 40 grape pickers, near city; 6
fruit pickers, $1 day. and board. J. B\ CRO-
SETT & CO.. 62S Sacramento st.
2 FARMERS and wives, $40 and $50; 2 men and
-wives, private families, $35 and* $50; farmers,
$25; milker. $25 and $30; 8 teamsters for coun-
try, $1 50 day and board: 2 men about place.
$20 and $25; choreman, $20; laborers for mill
yard, J28 and found; railroad laborers, free
fare. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 623 Sacramento.
3 FIRST-CLASS carpenters, $3 50: 2 Jobbing
blacksmiths. $2 and board and $3 50 day; 2
drivers for milk wagons, $30 and $35 and
found; bricklayer for mine, $4 day; 2 coop-
ers, $35 and board; young men to assist coop-
ers; two plain wagon painters. $2 day; edger-
men, planermen and others. J. F. CROSETT
& CO., 628 Sacramento st.
A— WANTED
2 brickmasons for mining company, 3 months'
job, $4 a day....
blacksmith for Arizona, $3 50 a day, no shoe-
Ing, fare paid
4 carmen for mine, no experience required, $2
a day; 2 ranch teamsters, $30
milker, few cows and chores, $30; teamsters,
city. $185 a day; 4 swampers, $35 and fare
advanced: lunch counter man, $35. W. D.
EWER & CO.. 610 Clay st.
A— WANTED
40 GRAPE pickers, long Job, $125 a day,
board $3 per week, fare S3c, fee $L W. D.
EWER & CO.. 610 Clay st.
BARBERS' Progressive Union — Free employ-
ment. H. Bernard. Sec, 104 7th; tel. Jessie 152.
BOY about 16 years old, with a mechanical turn
of mind, to work In picture-frame shop. KEN-
NED Y-RABJOHN ART CO.. 21 Post St.
BARBER for Saturday and Sunday; may be
steady Job; short hours. 503 Washington st.
BARBER wanted for Saturday; wages $3. 602
Clar st.
BARBER for Saturday and Sunday; $3 50 guar-
antee. 1C8 Fourth st.
BARBER wanted Saturday and Sunday; $5.
50 Fourth st. -
BARBER wanted Saturday and Sunday. Call
early at 132 Pacific st.
BARBER for Saturday. 89 Third st.
BARBER for evenings 1 : also one for Saturday
and Sunday. 511 Castro st.
BARBER for Saturday and Sunday. 715 Davis
street
WANTED — A good barber; steady plaee. 479
Ninth St., Oakland.
WANTED— A barber for Saturday and Sun-
day; wages $5. 921 Harrison Et.
WANTED — A first-class tailor; a eteadv posi-
tion to the right man at RAPHAEL'S.
COATMAKER for country. Apply REISS
BROS. & CO.. 24 Sutter st.
WANTED — Shoe cutters, fitter and bottomers.
Wentworth-Switzer Shoe Co., 199 Pine St.
WANTED-A dishwasher at 15 Third St. MAR-
TIN'S Oyster House.
WANTED— Young man to wait at table. 135
Powell st.
WANTED— Two good boys; wages $5 per week.
212 OTarrell st.
OFFICE boy, under 16; advancement. Box 4939,
Call office.
BOY to assist In store and run errands. 535 Va-
lencia st.
WANTED— A boy to learn the locksmlthing
trade. Call at 405 Drumm st.
WANTED — A good shoemaker for repairing. 10
Third st.
WANTED— A cook for a boarding-house; -wages
$25. 507 Mission St.
WANTED — An experienced vegetable man at 119
Stockton st.
BOOTBLACK wanted. »S Ellis st.
WANTED-A good dishwasher at 1201 Fillmore
St., corner Turk.
WANTED — A dishwasher at 29 Fourth st.
FOURTH hand bread baker; wages $33, board
and lodging. 911 Larkin st.
WANTED— Good cabinet maker and carpenter;
job. Box 1847. Call offlce.
BOOTBLACK wanted. Ocean Baths, 17 Tay-
lor st.
SECOND cook wanted. Park Hotel, 26 Turk st.
NIGHT cook. 806 Mission st.
SPIELER wanted between loth and 16th sts.,
on Folsom, opposite circus, at 10 o'clock.
WANTED — A boy to help around kitchen;
about 18 years old ; good home. 60S Seventh st.
WANTED— A first-class restaurant waiter. 23
Stockton st. *
DRIVER for milk wagon at 816 Treat ave.;
German or Scandinavian preferred.
WANTED— ICO men to take rooms, 10c, 15c and
20c. Boston House. 930 Howard st.
ACTIVE hustlers everywhere to take orders for
"'Story of the Galveston Horror"; over 500
rages; elaborately Illustrated from actual
photographs: agents coining money; illus-
trated circular and outfit free; act quick.
Address GLOBE BIBLE PUBLISHING CO
723 Chestnut St.. Philadelphia, Pa.
BARBER shop for sale; running three chairs;
receipts $B5 weekly; cheap rent: will sell for
value of furniture: account of sickness. Ad-
dress Barber, box 3760, Call offlce.
ALL sizes men's shoes,, slightly damaged, half
price. 562 Mission St., bet. 1st and 2d sts.
MARKERS and distributors wanted at United
States Laundry, Sixteenth St.. near Valencia.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third St.; 150 large
. rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
WANTED— A washer for plain work. Apply
Mercantile Towel Co., 251 Jessie, nr. Fourth.
FOR sale— A 3-chalr barber ehep, on account o£
¦ going East. 14 Turk st.
JEWELERS. 323 Bush et.. third floor, room 4.
'BOYS with experience at underpressing on
pants and vests. 541 Market st.
WANTED— A man that understands florist and
nursery business. 600 Haight st.
BOYS wanted. SAN FRANCISCO AND PA-
CIFIC GLASS WORKS, 7th and Townsend.
SAILORS, ordinary seamen and green hands'
all parts of world. HERMAN'S. 26 Steaart.
GET your. shoes half soled while. waiting; 23c
*. to 50c. 562 Mission st. bet. 1st and 2d sts. .
LABORERS and drillers wanted at 527 Four-
.v teenth st.,' near Guerrero. ,
HELP WASTED— MAJLE.
AT C. R. HANSEN &^ CO.'S.. ...AM Geary st.
..200 MEN FOR NEW RAILROAD WORK..
50 teamsters for big tunnel. Chatsworth Park.
Los Angeles Co., $2 to $2 50 a day; 50 laborers
and teamsters for California and Northwest-
ern Railway * 2 * da >'
For the S. P. Co.'s Own Work
200 Men for Different Divisions
West Oakland Avon
j;U es I Lakevlew
50 men 'for 'ballasting Bang at Truckee; 50 men
for rock crusher. Truckee v,""
Fee $1 Ship Daily Free Fare
10 carpenters to build flume, {3 a day, board
$4 a week, fare paid both ways •"','"
30 laborers to build dam. $2 50 a day: 20 la-
orers. Napa Co., *2 a day; £0 laborers to build
canal, $2 23 a day and fare advanced; 10 men
to break horses to saddle, $45 and board: 4
Ingersoll drillers. $3' a day
HOTEL DEPARTMENT -•
Head cook, $125: second cook. $73; night cook,
|65. for nrst-class restaurant north; cuf»k,
country restaurant, $50; second, mine board-
ing-house. $40; 3 second cooks. $35 to $40. C.
R. HAXSEN & CO.. 104 Geary St.
A STENOGRAPHER and 'typewriter. $40. C.
R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary Bt.
A— J. M. KOYLOR. please call. C. R. HAN-
SEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
A— 2 OFFICE boys who know the city for our
offlce. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
A CHIEF correspondent for wholesale house;
must be bright, quick, energetic young busi-
ness man: $125 to start with: increase. Apply
to C. R. HANSEN of C. R. Hansen & Co., 10*
Geary st.
WANTED— Recruits for the United States Ma-
rine Corps. U. S. Navy; able-bodied, unmar-
ried men of good character, between the ages
of 21 and 35 years; not less than 5 feet 4
Inches and not over 6 feet 1 Inch in height;
must be citizens of the United States or per-
sons who have legally declared their Inten-
tions to become citizens; able to read, write
and speak English properly. For further In-
formation apply at the Marine Recruiting Of-
fice. 40 Ellis St., San Francisco, Cal., 530 K St.,
Sacramento. CaL. or 1053 J st.. Fresno. Cal.
STICKER, matcher and planer hands wanted
In San Francisco manufacturing establish-
ment; steady employment all year round to
suitable men; wages S3 to $3 60 per day. Box
4369, Call office.
MEN wanted to learn barber trade; only eight
weeks required; positions guaranteed: special
Inducements; catalogue and map of city free.
MOLER'S BARBER COLLEGE. 635 Clay st.
NEW goods; quick sales; salary or commis-
sion; city or country. THE J. DEWING CO..
Flood building.
MEN and women to learn barber trade. 8. F.
BARBER COLLEGE. 741A Howard St.
PENSIONS— GEO. D. CAMPBELL, lawyer. 18
years' practice; Examiner building.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third st., near Mar-
ket: 700 rooms, 25c night; reading-room; free
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 22C0 FUlmore et.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st.
HOUSES, LIVE STOCK, Etc — For Sale
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market.
327 Sixth st.; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
10 HEAD of driving and working horses at
TOMKINSON'S stables. 57 Minna St.. bet.
First and Second sts.
"WANTED— Cheap horse. Butcher shop, 4S6
Etehth st.
HOUSES TO LET.
TO LET— House of 4 rooms and bath. 2303
Polk st. t
1759 ALABAMA — House of 8 rooms and 2 lots;
rent $14; large basement. Key at GEO.
RYAN'S. Twenty-eighth and Alabama sts.
HOUSES TO LET — FURNISHED.
FURNISHED house of 8 rooms to rent; reas-
onable. A. JOHNSON. 501 Dupont st.
LOST AXD FOUSD.
LOST — On Unlon-st. car, Wednesday, purse
containing money and rings. Liberal reward
and no questions asked If returned to 837
California st.
LOST— A small dark brown spaniel; white
breast, feet. 2015 Golden Gate ave.; reward.
LOST— A passbook with The Hibernia Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, In the
name of THOMAS PURCELL, No. 170-627.
The fnder will please return to bank.
FOUND — 12th lnst.. Spitz dog. Owner can have
same by proving property and paying ex-
penses; Apply from 8 to S a. m.. 5 to 6 p. m.
Pioneer Soda Works, 1355-1557 Mission st.
LOST— A passbook with the Hibernia Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco In the
name of MICHAEL COLLINS. No. 133-313.
The finder will please return to bank.
LOST— On ferry-boat Oakland. 1:20 p. m.. Sep-
tember IS, master license, sailing vessels, be-
longing to CHARLES OKE. Finder will
please return to 6 Howard st., S. F.
LOST— Black cocker spaniel dog. Return to 31S
Pine st., room 7; reward.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
-MASSAGE.
EMILY SEGSWORTH, assistant to Dr. A. B.
Willcox. scientific masseuse, room 40, . St.
Ann's buildlns; hours, 0 a. m. to 12:30.
MEDICAL.
D^T^TJd^^sTTDA~VIE^7^5s~M^rteT7r^R^lN
able ladies' and gents' specialists; 32 years'
practice; have treated thousands of cases suc-
cessfully; a positive cure guaranteed at offlce;
ladles treated can return home the same day;
try the celebrated HINDO HERB treatment
for home cure; any one can use It by direc-
tions; perfectly harmless; home for confine-
ment. Send five 2-cent stamps for circular.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL. the world-renowned
ladies' specialist: safe and reliable; has prac-
ticed In San Francisco for years; treated thou-
sands of cases successfully; treatment can b«
used at home; consultatir- free. After all
others fall call on him. 10*3H Market st.
DRS.GOODWIN, well known ladles' specialists,
have returned from Europe; safe and reliable;
cure $5; have treated thousands of cases with
success; 15 years' practice In S. F. ; maternity
home; low fees. 1007H Market St., near Sixth.
NO TOY KEE. Chinese doctor: cures consump-
tion, cancer, catarrh, etc.. all diseases treat-
ed; send for testimonials; advice free. Sani-
tarium, 704 Sacramento St., corner JTearny.
MRS. DR. WYETH. reliable specialists: 25 yrs.'
practice; home In confinement: treatment it
offlce. $5; any ailment; consultatirn free; con-
fldentlal. 942 Post St.. bet. Hyde and Larkin.
THE well-known DR. POPPER, celebrated fe-
male specialist; practical physician for S7
years; always successful. 31S Kearny st.
MRS. M. ALLEN. 1035 Market— Ladies' speclal-
lst: home in confinement: ?afe and reliable;
consultation free; hours 10 to 8.
MRS. BR. KOHL, the well-known and reliable
ladles' specialist: guaranteed treatment at of-
fice, $3. positive cure. 446 Eddy, nr. Levnwrta
DR. and MRS. M. AVEGENER— Private home
In confinement. 1312 Golden Gate ave.
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, treats all dls-
eares of the human body. 115 Mason st.
MISCELLANEOUS— FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines. :d-hand machinery. ~*Mc^
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 135-197 Fremont St.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters,
linoleum, new and second hand; we always
have a large stock of saloon outfits on hand:
32 complete outfits on our Boor, ready made;
we can ship everything In 24 hours. J.
NOONAN. 1017. 1019, 1021. 1023 Mission St..
above Sixth; write for catalogue.
A— $3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats, $1 73. Pop-
ular Price Hatters. 330 Kearny St., near Pine.
FINE suit. $10; dress pants, $2 73. MISFIT
' CLOTHING PARLORS, 437 Montgomery st.
FOR sale— Property of the Live Oak Consoli-
dated Gold Mining Co.. situated In Nevada
County, 15 miles north of Auburn; 2 patented
claims; 8-stamp quartz mill; ditch and hoist-
ing works complete. For further particulars
lnoulrei of A. MEISTER, 914 Ninth st.. Sac-
ramento. Cal.
FOR SALE. I
The submerged four-masted steel ship. Ar.de-
lara, lying In Tacoma harbor, also scows,
lighters, shears, diving gear, engines, cable
and other wrecking appliances. Address all
communications to C L. PARKER, Secretary,
rooms 40-41, Haller block. Seattle. Wash.
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW, 216 SDear st.
HORIZONTAL gasoline engine. 3 H. P.. light
weight; suitable for automobile or any pur-
pose. Address 3421 Mission st.
I OR sale— Cheap, a 53 electric llsrht bath cabi-
net, or will rent. E. F. HENZEL. corner
Point Lobos and Fifth aves.
FOR sale— Cheap, a new 53 Majestic range
with steam table, heater and cooker. E F
HENZEL. cor. Point Lobos and Fifth a'vesl
A— 100 HORSEPOWER engine, boiler. 2 drill
air compressor. JARDINES, 220 Fremont st.
A COMPLETE outfit for awning and tent
making for sale cheap. 1625 Mission st.
NATIONAL cash register, nearly new, for
sale, cheap, at 412»& Sixth st.
FINE bred fresh Jersey cow and calf. Inquire
at Nucleus Stable. 190 Stevenson st.
SAFES— New and second hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
MISCELLAXKOrS FOR SALE.
STEEL TAXKS. all sizes; suitable for water or.
oil: dieao: all shapes; second hand. H. S. -
WHITE. 516 Mission st.
PORTABLE engines, boilers; Iron and wood
planers, lathes; 2d hand. J. Burke. 133 Beal*.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d hand; moving
pictures. BCLLAKP & BRECK. 1^1 p os t st.
FULL line cameras and photo suppl'.ea; selling
cheap. W. A. HARTTHR. 513 Examiner bldg.
WILL rent full dress Tuxedo or Prince Albert
Bults for « 50. Portland Loan Offlce. 25 Stktn.
10- TON Fairbanks scale and fire and burglar
proof safe. 216 California st.
2D-IIAND photographic and magic lantern out-
fltg bought. »o..). exchanged. 103 Montgomery.
FI K?M T " C K ASS K. Seco 5 (I " hand modern engines ana
boilers bought and sol.i. KROGH Mf». Co.
SAFES— New nrul second hand- all *lze«. TTr?
WALTZ SAFE. IQMll M.Xt ,".. Ban Fran
A WEEK'S news for a cents. The Weekly Call
18 Mifa. In wranner. for mailing. t\ per year*.
MISCKM.AXEOl'S WASTS.
WANTED—Schooner. between 30 and M tons
net: state full particulars. Address THOS.
McCARTY. 19C3 India st.. San Diego.
WANTteD-To rent horRe~anrt wagon for th«
winter for light delivery. Inquire Twenty-
sixth and Howard sts.
SECOND-HAND billiard or pool table; laxga
size. Address box 4371. Call oSlce.
LADIES' and gent3* cast-off clothing bought A
soja. Sllverman. 9S4 Folsom; tel. Folsom 1191.
KLEIN 1 still pays bent rrlc« for clothing, bric-
a-brac and booka. 109 Sixth st. ; tel. Jessie 141.
IF you wish full value for your cast-eff elothln*
cwll on B. COHETST. 157 Third: tel. P.Uck 41S3.
JIOXEY TO LO.OT.
AA— BEST rates and easiest tenrs.
Second mortgages
In estates
Undivided Interests In real estat*
Financial problems of all sorts and sizes
tolved by HERMAN MURPHY. 630 Markot.
ANY amount at C per cent: 1st. Id and 3d mort-
rage« undivided Interest, real estats In pro*
bate: mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
lay; get my terms before doing business else-
where. R. McCOLGAN, 2* Montgomery, r. 1
ANY proposition, any amount: i per cent; first,
second mortgages, estates In probate. Interest
In estates, legacies, corporation loans, chattel
mortgages life Insurance. Room 16. first floor.
Chronicle bldg. HALLORAN & OLSEN.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds,
watches. Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL. 10 Sixth:
highest price for old gold, silver, diamonds:
will be open Monday, Sept. .4, Jewish new
year. _^^__^____^___^____
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 84S Market
St.; ML Main 1S44. Branch 13 Third st.
MOST reliable plaee to borrow on diamonds,
watches. Jewelry. XV. J. HESTHAL. 10 Sixth:
highest price for old gold, silver, diamonds ;wt II
be open Monday, Sept. 24. Jewish new yeax.
A— $500,000 ON city and country real estate and
estates; chattel mortgages: notes and col-
laterals. J. BROWNSTONE. 11 Montgomery.
ON furniture and pianos without removal; quick
service; money direct; lowest Interest. Rooms
6S ar.d O. Donohoe building. 1170 Market st.
AT 128 Kearny st.. room 9. respectable prtvat»
place to borrow on watches, diamonds: lowest
rates: take elevator. Telephone Pa-rls 933.
JSCO.OCO AT 8 per cent In sums to suit In city:
also $150,000 on large ranches; also on seeonl
mortgages. R. J. MERCER & SON. 413 Pine.
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
pianos; no removal: low rates: confidential.
EOXELLI. S01 Jones st.. corner Eddy.
WHY pay rent? We loan money to buila with:
small monthly payments. Home Building
Company. 222 Mnsome at., room 2.
MONEY to loan on furniture by prlvata party;
low rate. 917 Market st.. room 1.
MONEY loaned salaried people without security.
HILL, r. 44. Merchants' Ex.. 431 California.
ON furniture and pianos; no removal; confi-
dential; on diamonds, etc. 33 Taylor st
TO salaried people without security: all busl-
ness conndential. Tousley Co.. 321 Parrott big. -
ON furniture, planes; 3 per cent per month: no>
commission. Mrs. "Wilson, rm. 101. 8 Eddy st.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note wltnout
lndorser. MORRELL. COS Examiner building.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal: no com-
mission; private. LICK. 118 McAllister st.
TO salaried people without collateral or tn-
dorser. S. F. Discount Agency. 143 Phelan big.
CHEAPEST and best In America — The- "Weekly
Call. 16 paces, sent to any address In th«
United States or Canada one year for $U
postage naM.
MUSICAL IXSTRP3IE.fT3.
309 Post st.
Stodart square $25
French* upright S»
Hallett & Davis 100
Pteinway. fairly eood ,...17J
Majestic, nearly new 3XJ
Chlckering. large size 250
Richmond, large size 250
Decker, cabinet grand .....375
Byron Slauiy. nearly new 373
Sohmer. slightly used 475
Call and nee the latest bargains In pianos
on the Pacific Coast. No trouble, to show
goods.
A HALLETT & DAVIS, rosewood caae $50 CO
Edwards & Son. rosewood cas« 75 0O
Arlon, rosewood case 95 0O
TIallet & Davis 133 00
Weber, finest condition .....175 00
Manner & Sons 175 0O
Kir.gsbury. oak 190 *>
Standard, used a few months 285 W
Easy payments, sheet music and everythinic
In the music line. Chlckering. Vose. Sterling
agency. BENJ. CURTAZ & EON. 13-13-2)
O'Farrell »t. . •
A RELIABLE piano can be bought only from 1
a reliable house. The ZENO MAUVAIS MU-
SIC CO. Is such a house. Their address 19
763 Market st.
DON'T fall to nee the beautiful Decker & Son
baby grands Just received at MAtTVAJS'. 78»
Market at. They are the best ever shown In
the city.
NO matter what you want In the line of mu-
sical good?, you can always do best at MAU-
VAIS 1 . 763 Market st.
ALL purchasers of pianos at SHERMAN
CLAY & CO.'S have the privilege of ex-
changing for a STEIJTWAY any time within
three years and full purchase price allowed:
the best makers of every grade to select from;
beautiful new upriarhts $6 cash. $8 per month;
some, good pianos for $3. $4 and J3 per month.
SHERMAN, CLAY & CO.. STEINWAY
DEALExtS, corner Kearny and Sutter sts..
San Francisco: corner Broadway and Thir-
teenth sts., Oakland.
AT a discount, to establish our new location.
w» will give 10 per cent off on pianos; som<»
second-hand bargains: 3 Heine uprights. $327:
2 Stelnways. $193: 1 Chlckering. $1S5; 1 Ma-
son & Hamlin. $090. and 20 other bargains;
agents for Hallett & Davis and 3 other makes.
HEINE PIANO CO.. 217 Geary St.. near City
of Paris.
ABSOLUTELY the oMeRt and largest hcrosw*
we;>t of Chlcasro is KOHLER & CHASE'S. 28.
28 and 30 O'Farrell st. : pianos, orsans and
all other musical Instruments of all grades
and prices; terms easy; prices lowest: every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy tha
customer.
l~ GOOD piano, fine tone, for sale on $3 tn-
Etallments. 1115 Post st. _^
BARGAIN — Good rlano cheap: Installment $S
per month. SCHMITZ. 16 McAllister st.
W. G. BADGER, 412 Sacramento St.. agent for
Francis Bacon and Hallett & Dayls pianos.
SUPERIOR violins; zithers, old and new. IT.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
REDUCTION sale: new pianos: $3 payments:
for rent. $2 up. BRUENN. 3TC Post st.
HIGH-GRADE pianos: Steck. Hardman. Con-
over & others. W. B. ALLEN CO.. 314 Post.
FOR sale— EUgant walnut, cabinet grand up-
right, cheap, or will rent. Zi2 Kearny st.
SLAUGHTER sale of upright pianos for stor-
age; $50 up. Wilson's Storage. 1710 Market st.
3-PEDAL Steinway; perfect order. $173.
KEEFFE'S. 933 Market st.. bet. 5th and 8th.
MUST sell— A beautiful upright, good as new,
elegant case. $160: also a nice practice piano,
$40. Room 10. Flooil building.
VIOLIN strings; never wet; best In the world:
making and repairing of all kinds of musical
Instruments. Carl C. Anderson. 417 Geary st.
GENTLEMAN leaving city will sacrifice ele-
gant upright grand piano. 321 Golden Gate av.
BE In the «wlm: rent a new piano for $3 per
month. SCOTT-CURTAZ CO.. 360 Hayes st.
! CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
I Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In the
T'™tt«"1 S»qfo« or P^-.ada <vi<> year for St.
OFFICES AXD STORES TO LET.
GROCERS— Store cor. Hayea and Gough. for-
merly occupied by duff Bros., now by Stager
Fro?., for r«nt from October 1: $63. ASHTON
& GARDINER. 411 Montgomery st.
PALMISTRY.
M £?j; VAN * BAKER, scientific ryT 732
Eddy. nr. Polk; no sign; hours, 1 to 8 p. m.;
Sunday by appointment: phone Polk 1135. -, I
MME. NEERGAARD has removed "toTob Poaff
hours 1 to 5 eve., and Sunday by appointment.*
PHYSICIANS AMD SURGEONS.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL— Office and residence.'
1021H Market St.. between Sixth and Seventh.LOS ANGELES. Sept. 21.— J. Harvey
Cocke., proprietor of , a livery stable at
Cucumonga, was killed this morning by
a Southern Pacific train about two miles
east of ' Pomona. He was. on his way. to
Run Down by. a Train.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN DIEGO, Sept. 21.— Officers of this
city have received word of the arrest of
Robert Martell in Salt Lake City .'-Mar
tell is wanted here for several crooked
deals which he engineered while posing
In Ban Diego as a veteran fireman from
San Francisco. He has been arrested
there for complicity in the holding up of
a gambling "house, when one man was
shot and iatally wounded. He will be
tried there, but If not held for severe
punishment his extradition will be asked
for in order that ho may be brought back
and punished for his crooked wbrk here.
The charge will be obtaining money under
false pretense'. -'"
Now .in Salt Lake's Jail.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Confidence Man Wanted at San Diego
MAETELL TJNDEIt ARREST.
D'Artois came into prominence during
the boom as a member of the firm of
D'Artois & Webb, who laid out the town
of Rosecrans. The father of D'Artoid
committed suicide In San Francisco ten
years ago by taking morphine.
a Family Quarrel.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
.I.OS ANGELES, Sept. 21.— Emll d'Ar
tois, a real estate man of this city, at
tempted suicide at 3 o'clock this after
noon at his home at the corner of Essex
and Sixteenth streets by taking morphine.
The drug was taken after a quarrel with
his wife. The patrol wagon was sent for,
but the family refused to allow his re
moval. D'Artois and his wife have not
been living happily together for some time
past. This evening: it was reported that
D'Artois was out of danger.
Attempt to Commit Suicide Follows
WOOES DEATH WITH MOBPHINE
FRIDAY, Sept. 21—4 p. m.
Bid. Ask. I Bid. Ask.
Alpha 04 OojJustlce 66 07
Alta 02 OHKentuck — 01
Andes OS 09 Lady Wash .... — 03
Belcher 21 22;Mexlcan 34 25
Best & Belcher 30 SHOccldental 67 CS
Bullion 02 04 Ophir 60 61
Caledonia 45 4« Overman 11 12
Chollar 21 22'Potosl IS *0
Challenge Con.. 24 2i'Savage JS 13
Confidence 84 SSlHoorplon 01 —
Con Cal & Va..l 20 1 25'Seg Belcher ... 02 US
Con Imperial... 01 02 1 Sierra Nevada. 37 33
Con New York. — OliSilver Hill .... 89 41
Eureka Con.... — 45|3t Louis — 15
Crown Point ... 13 14! Standard .4 10 4 23
Exchequer 01 02 1 Syndicate 04 —
Gould & Curry 36 37!r; n ion Con ...." 21 M
Hale & Norc... 21 22Utah 03 M
lulla 03 04:Yellow Jacket.. 23 14
The following were, the sales in the Pacific
Stock Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
300 Crown Point... 13 i S0O Ophir 4»
1100 Gould & Curry 35 1 300 Ophir 43
4C0 Hale & Norc... 21! 500 Ophir 60
600 Justice 07|50O Savage IS
€00 Ophir 471 200 Union Con la
Afternoon Session.
500 Andes 09 600 Mexican 32
750 Best & Belcher 29 700 Mexican 34
1S0O Best & Belcher 30 60 Ophir 62
200 Challenge Con., 26 400 Ophir 54
600 Challenge Con. 25 800 Ophir 65
200 Chollar 20 900 Ophir 66
300 Chollar 21 400 Ophir 69
700 Con Cal & Va..l 20 1 J00 Ophir 60
1400 Con Cal & V.I Z2\i 1200 Sierra Nevada. 34
100 Confidence 85 400 Sierra Nevada. 33
300 Gould & Curry 37 ?00 Sierra Nevada.
700 Gould & Curry 36 4C0 Silver HIU .... 40
loco Justice 07, 400 Union Con .... 21
ICO Mexican 31 1
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
Afternoon Session.
200 Best & Belcher 30 000 Mexican ..#..... 34
300 Best & Belcher 31 I too Ophir 60
400 Chollar 22 600 Ophir 59
1100 Con Cal & Va..l 25 300 Savage IS
100 Coa Cal & Va..l 20 800 Sierra Nevada. 36
200 Con Imperial... 02 30ft Sierra Nevada. 37
500 Gould & Curry 36 1 300 Union Ccn 20
300 Hale & Norc... 221 100 Union Con .... 21
300 Mexican 33* 200 Union Con .... 23
The following were the sales in the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
100 Belcher 20 100 Yellow Jacket.. 22
150 Con Cal & Va.l 10
MINING STOCKS.
Morning Session.
Board—
2P0 Home Oil 4 50
200 California-Standard 40
SCO California-Standard 33
."'0 El Dorado 1 40
350 Four Oil Co '47
70 Kern River 19 25,
140 San Joaquin Oil <t Development » CO
320 San Joaquin OH & Development 7 75
ICO Sterling O & D Co r 10
100 Sterling O & D Co 2 25
, Street—
23 Kern River 19 23
Afternoon Session.
Board —
100 Home Oil < 55
SCO Four Oil Cd 46
60 Four OH Co 45
600 Reed Crude Otl Co 51
100 San Joaquin OH & Development 8 00
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
GRAND HOTEL.
C Nichols & s. Pescad
T B Russell. Haywrds
H M Burnaide, Chicago
Dr J E Miner. Chicago
H W McCray, Bakrsfid
L A Spltzer. San Jose
E Whipple, Decoto
A Jackson, Decoto
B Goldsmith. Stockton
B M Woodhull. Stocktn
A H Hart. N Y
S Mclntosh, Cal
G W Holcomb. Portlnd
N A Dalrymple, Cal
P W Schulderman & w.
Portland
E D Treadwell, Ariz
Miss M Ryan. Chicago
W F Smith, Mllwauke
J K Pattee Jr & w. Cal
J McCudden. Valeljo
Miss McCudden, Valljo
Miss McErney. Vallejo
Mrs J L Taylor, Chicag
C A Hurst. England
J D Crowther, England
J B Crowther, England
W II Stanton. N Y
F J Taylor. Cal
G F Adklns. Seattle
H Wood. Denver
M Leonard, Sta Cruz
F P Miles & w, Cal
M A Ahenand & w, Cal
Mrs D E Perkins. VIsal
Miss M Harrell. Fresno
J H Batcher. Sacto
Mrs F W Johnson, Cal
Mrs M P Goodell. S Jos
J A Barham. Sta Cruz
W E Whlttier. Btanfrd
I A Latta, San Jose
A T Lardin, 111
Miss Lardin, III
Miss Morey, Sta Cruz
B W Hastings & w,
Portland
G A Buell, Stockton
G T Grant, Sonora
E W Ackerman, S DIeg
E Luehnlng, Cal
F V Flint, Sacto
G M Westcott. Concord
S S Holl. Sacto
M Woehhuner, Willows
Miss E Harding and
' party, Topeka
J F Halllnan, Texas
C D Howry, Antioch
H W Holly. Seattle
B Lltchenstein. N Y
NEW WESTERN HOTEL
G Pierce, Stockton
J A Addington. Merced
J C Plummer, L Ansr
P F Linton & w. L A
A S Sanbosse, Jerome
J Petslusush. Jerome
C Lewis, L Ang
J Kruzlarlsh, Jerome
F Gay, S Jose
H W Finley, Boston
J Brannon, Sacto
J W Hellig. Farmingn
A Hawthorne, Stockton
G Dinklespiel, N Y
E Schwerkert, N Y
F M Mowry, Irvington
R Downwell & w. L A
E Camlnetti. N Y
W P Osbom. N Y
F Martenbcrr, L Ang
T C Trldel. L Ang
C W Arrdsmlth. Cal
PALACE HOTEL
r T Wynne, B C
B Bosman, N Y
R W Gray, Boston
A C Bratnober. Wash
Mrs A C JJratnober.
Wash
Mrs W E Gerber, Sac
Miss I Oerber. Kacto
B U Etelnman, Sacto
Mrs E S Howard. Cal
C Dunphy. Millbrae
O Peck. Cal
A Joullln, Cal
T E Hunt, Texas
H D Edwards, L Ang
V, M LIndsey, L Am?
W A Hendry, Los Ang
Mrs W A Hendry, L A
f W Leadbetter, Ptld
J N Rice, Chicago
J P McCreedy. Chgo
Mrs C A Towne, Dulut
T J Kirk. Sacto
B F PreFtOn. Portlnd
Mrs E F Preston, Ptlnd
Miss M Peel,- England
Miss Peel, England
Miss M A Lamb. Eng
land
D Cooksey, Ensland
J M Williams, S Jose
J C P Laird. England
E Eddison. England
Mrs C B Blaney. S Jose
Mrs R D Kirkwood,
San Jose
J D HofT. Los Ane
W O Harrington. Cal
H Robinson, N Y
C H Depce. Cincinnati
K J Klesel. Utah
Urs F J Klesel. tttah
W White, Mass
E D Jones. Woodslde
Rev M Chaney. London
Mrs M Chaney. London
A Rope, U S N
W J Da vies, U S N
A D Walsh, U S N
H Trower. England
Rev Mr. Trower. Eng
land
C Teasdale, England
W J Wiley. England
A Bettens. Byron
J E Rlckards. Bntte
E L Spencer, Prov
Miss B Walnwright,
Boston
C E Levy. N T
V J Monahan. Boston
W B Peck. N Y
Mrs W r B Peck. N Y ,
J Ivers, Salt Lake
Miss Ivera. Salt Lake
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
TRANSACTIONS IN REALTY
ImDortant sales of realty In the manufac
turing district continue. The southwest cor
ner of Second and Mission streets has just been
sold for $61,500. The deed has not been record
ed and the names of the parties in Interest are
not furnished by the brokers, who are Thomas
Magee & Sons. The lot 13 70x77:6, and upon it
are old frame Improvements.
Thomas Masreo & Sons have sold the north
west corner of Baker and Hayes "streets, 55x121,
for S25.0O0.
The John Breuner Company will erect a six
story warehouse directly back of the store that
is going up for them on the south line of Mar
ket street, between Fifth and Sixth. A lot has
been bought by John Breuner, 50x70, extending
through to Stevenson street, for $9500. The
brokers were Shalmvald, Buckbee & Co.
Desirable residence properties to rent are re
ported by the brokers as . being In demand.
Houses have filled up and prices have been
raised in some instances. There is also in
quiry for marine view property for sale.
David Bush & Son report the sale of thirty
acres of the West Highland Tract in San Ber
nardino County, the land being Improved with
orchards, for $9000. the seller being S. Levy
and the purchaser Marie A. Curtis. The last
named party has sold suburban property on
Hopkins street In Peralta Park, Berkeley, to
S. Levy for $6500, the two transactions Involv
ing an exchange of properties. ¦ ,
Deeds have passed in. which the actual con
sideration was as follows: Julien and Etta
Smith to Walter S. Thome, south line of Pa
cific avenue, 170:6 feet west of Buchanan
street, 27x117, $4000; Philip and Ena Dolan to
Alfred Wartenweiler, north line of Washington
street, 56:3 feet west of Baker, 23x102:8^, $3500;
Sarah A. McCllntock to David Newell, east
line of Guerrero street, 100 feet north of Thir
teenth, 25xS0, $3400; Baron D. Merchant to
United States Guaranty and Fidelity Company,
southeast corner of California and Kearny
streets, 25x50, $3500; Teresa M. Bocca to Vln
cer.zie and Antonio Bocca. ncrth line of Val
lejo street, 115:6 feet east of Dupont, 22x60,
with reservations. $2000; Isabella Sanderson.
¦\VillIam W. Sanderson, Mary E. and Joseph
II. Rlordan to Thomas D. Riordan, south line
of Sutter street. 155 feet east of Stockton. 25x
70, also east line of Jones, 104:6 south of Bush.
33x60. $6300; John and Hariette Wigmore to E.
A Salf ridge, north corner of Howard and
Spear streets, northeast 45:10, northwest 137:6.
northeast 91:8, northwest 91:8, southwest 77:6,
southeast 45:10, southwest 60, southeast 1S3:4,
$35,500; Catherine Kenny to Cornelius Ryan,
east line of "Eighth street. 23 southeast of
Minna 23x65, $5000: Dennis Halloran to John
Ktrr. east line of Rhode Island street. 225 feet
south of Nevada, 25x100, $1000; Alexander F.
and Ellen B. Marshall to Henry C. and Sophie
D. Simon, west line of De Haro street, 175 feet
north of Twenty-fourth, 25x100. $500; Joseph E.
and Elizabeth Oliver to Joseph O.. Richard C.
end Oliver D. Tobtn, southwest corner of
Hayes and Octavia streets, 137:6x120, $2«.5OO;
Isaac Upham to Morris Meyerfleld Jr., south
line of Clay street, 57:6 feet east of Scott, 25x
100. $6000; James and Emily Carolan to Edwin
T. Cooper, south line of Sacramento street,
137:6 feet west of Locust, 35xl32:7',i, $2000;
Kmile L. Parley to Cornelia J. Prlngle, south
east corner of Howard and Fourteenth, 60x95.
$11,500; James and Louise F. Hackett to Walter
and Elizabeth Bermlngham. lot on south line
of Seventeenth street. 225 feet west of Sanchez.
25 by 114, $2500; William F. Breeze to tipencer
C. and Samuel G. Buckbee, lot on east line of
Jonts street, 112:6 north of Ellis, $10,000;. Frank
L. and Marie I. Bateman et. al. to Sampson
Tarns and Daniel L. Randolph, lot on west line
of Spear street, 183:4 southeast of Market street,
45:10 by«157:6, $56,000; Edward L. Goodsell et
al. to Carl G. Larsen, lots on southeast corner
of Fourteenth avenue and O street, southeast
corner of Sixteenth avenue and O. street and
southeast corner of Seventeenth avenue and
O street, $3500; A. and Lizzie Johnson to Hol
brook, Merrill & Stetson, lot on northeast cor
ner of Melrose street and Stanford addition,
50 by 100, $500; Virginia G. Williams to Robert
N. Williams, lot on west line of Fillmore
street. 75 feet south of Green, north
line of Vallepo street, 137:6 east of Stelner. and
north line of Vallejo street, 62:6 east of Scott,
$19,000; estate of Joseph M. Wood to Charles
R. Havens, lot on east line of Stelner street,
163:6 north of Broadway. 9x137:6, $1000; estate
of Joseph M. Wood to L. Eugene Lee. lot on
east line of Stelner street. 172:6 north of Broad
way. 25 by 137:6, $2250; Frances Hess to Louis
Chapule, lot on east line of Eureka street.
222:6 south Of Twentieth, 25 by 123, J2500; Mary
M. B. JJartln to James W. Clark, lot on west
line of Tenth avenue. 223 feet south of L street.
25 by 120. $C0O; James and Mary A. Funstead
to Francesco Rossi and Giovanni Fossa, lot
oh east line of Franklin street. 6S:9 south of
Francisco street, 6S:9 by 124:3, J20C0; James
T. Boyci to f\. M. Van Xorden, lot on north
line of Lombard street, 131:6 cast of Buchanan,
$lo(0; Orville P. and Nellie E. Baldwin to
Uenjamin H. and Susie E. Wilkins. lot on south
line of Clcy street. 112:6 east of Maple. 25 by
I27:S>i, SISOO; George H. and Ann Bleeck
er to Henry J. Muller, lot on west
line of Foisom street, 155 feet south
1 of Fourteenth. 25x122:6. $10CO; Charles E. and
Emma L. Khmann to William J. Horstmann,
east line of Guerrero, 53 feet south of Camp.
2"ocll0:3, ?i"X0; Excelsior Loan Association to
Henrietta Granz, south line of Twenty-third
street. 75 feet east of Hampshire. 25x35. $1500;
Henry Smith to Otto F. von Rhein. north line
of Twenty-fourth, street. 147:4"i east of Fol
som. I'ixlPO feet.- $300; George W. Ambruster
to Jason B. Wrljrht. west line of Fair Oaks
street, 23x125, $3350; John McCann to Sage Wil
son, east line of Douglass street. 100 feet north
of Nineteenth avenue, 25x125. $15G0; Daniel and
Clara Meyer" to James \V. RennJe. southwest
corner of Sacramento and rhrumm streets, "Ox
45:10. S39.J0O; Thomas and Mary A. Simpson to
Morris Fross, southwest line of Harriet street.
200 feet southeast from Howard. 25x75, $4000:
James P. and Lizzie J. Heenan to Annie J.
McCarty. southwest line of Lan&ton street. 203
feet northwest from Bryant, 25x30, $2500; Sam
uel and W. Nichols to George Coffey, north
line of Sutter street, 110 feet east from Pierce,
27:6x100, $5000; Isabella Beat to Charles F. and '
Emma J. Mead, west line of Leavenworth
street. 137:6 north from Sacramento, 17:6xX:S,
J25CO; Mary A. Merrill and Mabel Green to the
John Breuner Company, south line of Stevenson
street, 176:6 east from Sixth, 50x70. $3500; estate
of Alice Morrissey to Leonard B. Weiler. south
line of Tehama street, 425 feet west from Fifth,
37:6x30. J3S00; Martha Jones to Conradt H.
Grc-mmler, south ll&« of Clementina street, 100
feet east from Eighth. 25x75, $2000; Gustave H.
Umbsen to James Koonan, southwest line of
Foisom avenue. 250 feet southeast from Fol
scm street. 25x82:6. $2000; Louisa H. Konrad to
the Southern Pacific Company, northeast line
of San Bruno road and southwest line of
Ihlrty-nlnth avenue, southeast 112, south
west 35. northwest 73. $1000; Annie M.
Rines to Southern Pacific Company, west
corner of Thirty-ninth and Railroad
avenues. J10CO; Abby G. F. Brckel and
H. T. Bickel to Carrie E. Bridge, lots 44 to 43,
block 3, Garden Tract Homestead Association,
$500* Western Loan Association to Adolph and
Mlnnlo L. Wiener, lot on north line of Page
street. 106:3 west from Pierce. 25x137:6, $o2SQ;
George Brown to Mary F. McEnany. lot on
west line of Masonic avenue, 175 feet south
from Waller street, 25x106:3. $2000; Thomas W.
Rivers et al. to Anna Ahlf, lot on east line of
Sanchez street. 22.12x^1:84. $3500; Adolph and
Whllemme Beet* to Emma. Harrington, lot on
west lino of Eighth avenue. 150 feet south from
H street, 25x120, $W00; Joseph F. Dolan to Wal
ter and Annie Mortley. lot 1196, Gift Map 2.
$1000; M. Ballin to Gustav and Marie Raumann.
lot on southwest corner Harkness and Glrard
streets. $1500.
The builders' contracts for the week num
ber only nine and four of these apply to one
building on Market street. The contracts tre
as follows: Claus St>reckels with Georce H.
Tay Co.. W. T. Witch & Bro.. Smyth Bros,
and Duffey Bros., for lathing and plastering,
steam heating: plant, mill work and plumbing
and gas flttinjf. the total cost being $16,680. the
work to be done on the five-story office build
ing in construction on the south line of Mar
ket street, between Third and Fourth: Leonard
and Jennie A. Georges with Charles - Stock
holm, for a two-story and basement frame
dwelllns on the northwest corner of Vallejo
and Webster streets, to cost $8W0; Ernest P.
and Charlotte Johanson r.-ith Wilson A Long.
for a ons-story frame building on the west line
of Mississippi street, near Eighteenth, to cost
|UD0; M. Brown with Robert Grtig, for alter
ation? and additions to a building on the south
east corner of Buchanan street and Olive ave
nue, to cost $2154; Henry and Rudolph Near
guard with J. Kaeghln and T. Cain for a two
story and attic frame building on the north
line of Waller street, 32:8 feet west, of Shra
der. to cost $2872.
The loans of the week have been small and
comparatively unimportant. The releases have
also been comparatively unimportant. th« larg
est being by Daniel Meyer to Louts Braver
man of the southwest corner of Sacramento
and Drumm streets, the amount being $25,000.
Chino to get a load of oil and while cross
ing the railway was struck by a train.
The engineer says he did not see the team
till it was driven upon the track when the
train was about 200 feet away. The bell
was being rung and the whistle had been
sounded. Cocke was thrown a consider
able distance. His wagon was wrecked
and one horse killed.
— ¦
"Will Open Headquarters.
OAKLAND. Sept. 21.— McKinley Camp.
Army and Navy Republican Club No. 19,
•will open headquarters at 460 Ninth street
to-morrow evening. Music and speeches
will mark the event. The headquarters
will remain open until the clcse of the
cuu-palgn.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
Continued from. Page 10.
THE- SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 22, 1900*
13
RAILROAD TBAVEL.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY.
Leave San Francisco via Sausalito Ferry:
WEEK DAYS. ...5:30 a. m., 1:45 and 5:15 p. rn.
SUNDAYS. .8. 9. 10. 11 a. m.. 1:30 and 2:30 p. m.
Fare San Francisco to Summit and return. II 40.
NEW TAVERN OF TAMALPAIS NOW OPEN.
TICKET OFFICES r..6Ti MARKET ST..
' SAU3ALITO FERRY. , _^
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
?2&y«8A*W**»». KittOltehed
in 1854 tor tbo treatment of Privaw
Diseases, Lost Manhood Debility or
disease wearing ou body and m Ina and
Skin Diseases. The doe'lor cures when
otbersfaiL Try him. Charge* low
* iirceBftranlrt-i, Callorwrlta
Or. J. *¦•• oliSUUX Box 1937, Sao Fiaodaco
BAILBOAD TBAVEK
noutukrm i-A«:irie 1'onri.iT.
(PACIFIC SYSTEM.)
Trafni l*i*»«i »ml ftrw «§!••,•• nrrlv* ¦•
WAX FIIASCIMCO.
(JIabi line, Foot of Market Street.)
HATi — From BtRixm 12. 1900. — a kbits
•7:0Oa Brnida, Saisun, Klmir*. Vaca'iUo.
Ramsey and ateritniento *7tt3r
•7:00.1 SbuU Express— Datia, Williams (for
Bartlett Spriest). Willows. Bad
BluS. Porti»nd. •7l43*>
•;:3»i Slartiiiez, 3au IU n on. Vallfjo. 2f spa.
Caliatota auU .Hsnea Rua tilSr
*8:00a DbtU, Woodland. Knight* Landing,
?.Urr B»i : ie. < .<roti!l». *7i 13 r
•StOOA Atlantic Kxpresn— Ocien and East *13:*-1r
•«:(Wi Kilea, Tracy. Lat hrop. Stockton *V: 13a
••¦Ml Han Juk, I.iti-rmurr. Mlocktim.
lone. facr:»'iifiiti.. FlaerrtiUe.
.\Nryiilll.-. Chid. K««l iriiiff •lil-ip
• a :3l)A OaktUle, Chinese. Sonora. Carters... '1:15?
•!•:(»(•« Hajiranls. Hiics aod Way Stations. *1 1:13a
•U:»«a Los Angeles Express — Martinez.
Tracy. La en rot >, .stuck too. Merced
Fieuio aud Los Ansules *Ti 1 "i r
"JiSOA Vallfjo. Marttuez ami Way Stations '»:«f
•IO:OO» Th»O?erlanaLln>ite.l— O.deu, Dea-
in, Omaha. Chicago •«:4*r
*II:OOa >."ilfs. Stockton. .Sacramento. M«n-
— iloti. Freino, lUufurJ. Vualia.
rort*TTill« MiISf
"1 1:00a LWennnre. Stager. Goshen Junc-
tion. BikmMd, Los Atgslet
•I tf rflON Hajwanls. Niles aud Waj .station*. **i4.1?
tltO«r Sacramento ItUer Hte.niern |S:AO*
•:i:»(»r Ilaywarda, Kllca and Way Station*. ••¦>: «.1p
•4i«ur Martinez, Han Uainoii, Vallejo.
N*|>». IWMsA m»iiU Itoia •nil**
Ni»«r Betiicla. Winters. Bacrainsnto,
Wootlianil. KnighU Landtag,
Murjwlilf, Oro»ill« •!•: •*«
• • iliop Mies. hau. l«. ie and Stockton *?il.1p
•5:««f Ilw O»l IJmited— Tracy. Fresno.
IUkers9»I J. Haugna for Santa. Bar-
bara, Los ADgelea •lOili »
•SiOOp gtockton *a»>l»A
•5iU»p Nerr Orlrant Express— MakemfloIJ.
Manta Barbara, Loa Angsles. Una-
ing. £1 Paso. New Orleaus aud
East •!•«:»»
•0:4)Ar naywards, Nilei and Haa Jom *7iM*
?«:O«r Valleja Mil I. If
•aiOur Oriental Mall— Ogtlen. Cbejeno*.
Omaha. Chicago •t*>43r
•«:»»r Oriental Mall— Ogden. Denver.
Omaha, Chicago. # 4rl!»p
•7:00* NUes, Tracy, Lathrop, Btockton.... M2il3r-
, *?>U«»p OreKim and Calir<>r»U l;i|<r..i,1.g.
miiieuto. M*r>»«i!!e. li^ l.lim,
l-ottl.nl. Pngpt H.......I »..¦! Kaak *Si43a
}SiO3p Vallejo. Port Costa and War Bta-
tlona |ll.«»i»
COAST III VIMON Onrrn.f «i,inirp).
(Foot of Market Street.)
}1:43a Santa Cms Excursion for Santa
Crus and Principal Way citations {S:O3p
•8 J 1 3 A Newark, Outer t hi f. fiao Jose, Volton,
BouiaerCreek.SautaCruiaud Way
BtftUoua ••iSttp
(SilSr Newark, Cei>ler*IU«. San .lose, Nnw
Almaden. Foltuit. Itonl.ier Oraak.
Bauta Cruz aud Principal Way
Stations •IOi.1f»t
•lil-ir Newark, Han .Toie, Ixn Gates »•:.•>»»
qis 1 3r Glenwood. Felton. .Santa Cro» c«i.^»a
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rum six Fincweo— r«t »r ¦»«¦•» su»t(sii>8)—
•7:15 9:00 11:00a.m. 11:03 »2:33 |3:C3
M:C3 f5:C3 *t:33f.M.
rriiaUH!.»13-fj.U'BrMi», ».—•«. CO 8:00 10:00a.m.
tU:03 '1:03 t2:83 »3:33 t«:C3 •8:33r.u.
COAST UITISION (BtWMlfiaasjw).
(Tblnl mid Townseml St» >
(6:IO* Ocean VIaw. .South Man riaoclscu.. t«;3«p
t7:«»A Han Jom hmiI Way .Statlmt* (Stirf
Alinaitnn Wetlne.'uIaTSOiilr) *l<Snp
t7:3wA Sondaj Excursion f-r Saa Jose,
Santa Crnz. Padfie Qrove and
Prindpal Way Stations }9i33p
•SiOOa fian Jusu, Ties Hinos, Hanta Ontx.
Paellio (ir.iTo. run llnlilrs, S.tii
].nis Ol.lm..,. Surf. I.oropoc aiid
Principal \V«» Stations •4;I«»T
•IOtt«)A San .!<•»« ami Way rit»tloi.« •Hi3.1t
•IIiXQa »aii.lfwe,Losaatosan.lWajXtatloi>« *3i:i«p
f'l:4Sr San Matpo. U«dwoo<), Menlo Park,
/* Palo Alto, Man;a(.':ar». Han Jose.
. Tre* Pinos. Kauta Crux. Salica*.
Monseirj a;i'l Paellle Ornve fl«irir»^
fatsnp San Jose a»<t Way Stations •7::i»<-
t4il3r San Joseand Principal Way Ntatlnns «I*:43a
t-1:«OrSan Jo§«. Los Gatos and Principal
WaySUtiODi *9:0»a
•r,:ZOr San Jose an<l Principal Waj .Htatlous lskSa«
•«l:.-l»p San Jose au4 Way 3tatlous t"»:«M» v
• ll:4.1r San Jose atxl War Stations T«— 9
A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
•Daily. f .SiiiMny Biwrt'd. I Siunjay oalj.
b Saturday only.
| • Saturday aod cuadiT^ e MoufUy only.
CALIFORNIA PEItWESTEBN RT. CO.
1jES3EI!3
SAN FRAKGISCO AHD NOBTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tibtxron Ferry. Foot of Market St.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAX RAFAEL.
WEEK DATS— 7:20. »:C0. 11:00 a. m. : 12:33.
S:30. 6:10, 8:30 p. ra. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 d. ra. Saturdays— Extra trlpi at l:o«>
and 11:30 D. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:C0. 9:30. 11:00 a. m. : 1:30. 3:30.
S:00. 8:20 r>. m.
SAN RAFAEL. TO SAN FKANCISCO.
"WEEK DATS— 6:10, 1:10. » 10. 11:10 a. m. ; 12:45.
S:40. 6:15 p. ra. Saturdays— Extra trie* at
1:35 and S:35 t>. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:10, 9:40. 11:19 a. ra. : 1:40. *:40.
i:0S. «:25 V. m.
Between San Francisco and Schnetzea Par*
fame schedule- ca above.
Leave J In Ettect. I Arrive
Ban Francisco. [Apr. 13. 1300.1 San Francisco.
W*ek J Sun- J I Sun- I WmK
Dajs. ( days, f Destination. 1 days. | Days.
7:30 am 8:00 »m Novato. 10:40 am| S:40 am
t:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma. 6:C3 pm!lO:25 am
6:U pm 5:00 pm Santa Roaa. 7:35 pm| 8:20 pm
Fulton. |
T:20 am 'Windsor. 110:S ana
H*«ldsburB.
f Lytton. *|
Geysorville. )
S:J»pm 8:C0am Cloverdale. 7:33 pm| 8:10 pm
7:30 ami j Hopland I 119:25 am
t:iO pm! 8:00 am| ami Ukiah. 1 7:35 pm| «:20 pm
7:30 ami 10:23 am,
I f :C0 am Guerneville. 7:35 pm
1:30 gmj «:20 pm
7:S0azn 8:00 am! Sonoma 9:15 ami 8:40 am
I and J
6:10 pc 5:C0 pmf Glen Ellen. *:C5 prnl 8:20 pm
7:30 am! S:CO ami [10:40 am4lO:25 am
3:30 pnri 5:00 pm| Sebastcpol. | 7:35 pm| <:S> pm
Etaxes connect at Santa. Rcna for Hark 'West
Rprlnrs and White Sulphur Springs: at Fulton
for Altruria: at Lytton for Lytton Springs: at
Geyserviile for Skagss Springs : at Cloverdala
for the Geysers: at Hopland for Duncan
Sprtnir*. Highland Sprinsrs. Kelseyvllle. Carls-
bad Bpringrs, Soda Bay, Lakeport and Bartlett
Spring's; at Ukiah for Vichy Sprtnys, Saratoga
Spring's. Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake, Witter
Sprtng-n, Upper Lake. Pomo. Potter Vall«-y.
John Day's. Riverside, LJ«Tl»y*s, Bueknell's.
Sanhedrin IlelEhts. Kullvllle. Orr"s Hot
Bprtngs, Mendoolno City, Fort Brack*. West-
port, Usal. Wllllts, LartonvUle. CuTamtns.
Bell's Sprints. Harris, Olsen's. Dyer. Scotia
and Eureka.
Saturday ta Monday roun ;«\ trio tickets at
reduced rates.
i On 8unday roun<l-trip tickets to all point*
beyond San Rafa-1 at half rates.
Ticket offices. €50 Market St.. Chronicle bids.
H. C. WHITING. R. X. RTAN.
General Manager. Gen. Pass. Ag-nu
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausallto Ftrry.
Commencing April 12. 1900.
PROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLET
AND SAM RAFAEL.
WEEK DATS— 7:00. •S^, 9::o. 11:00 a. m.;
13:45, •!:«. 3:15. 4:15. 1:15, 8:15, «:40 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San
Rafael, on Mondays, Wednesdays, Saturdays
and Sundays, at 9:C0 and 11:3S p. m.
SUNDAYS— 7:00. »S:0O. »9:C0. •ID:!)©. U:C0. U:30
a. m.; 11:45. *1:30. 1:80. •ZAS, 6:00. «:00. 1:24
p. rn.
11:00 a. m. doe* not run to tan Rafael Sun-
days.
Trains marked (?) run ta San Quentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO BAX FRAN'CISCO.
WEEK DATS— 5:S6. *8:30, 7:50. S:40. «10:15 a.
m-: 12:S0. 1:15. 2:15. *3:30, 4:S0. B:SO p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Monday*. Wednesdays
ami Saturdays at *l:45 and 10:20 p. ra.
aUNDATS— «:13. "3:00. *»:50. »U:00 a. m.; n2:d»
m.: 1:00. 2:15 *3:&, 4:30. 'S^S, «:45. 7:10. 10:29
P. m.
Trains marked <•) start from San Quantln.
FKOM MILL VALLET TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WTIEK DATS— 6:53, «:4o. «:00. 1:55. 10:30 a.
m.: 13:35. 1:45. 2:45, 3:30, 4:50. 6:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesday*
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 6:S5. 1:05. 10:06. 11:10 a. m.; 12:15.
1:20 2:30 »:45. *:55. «'la. 7:05. 10:30 p. ra.
j ' THROUGH TRAINS.
7:C0 a. ca. week days— Cazadero and -way sta-
tions. .
3:15 p. ra. Saturdays — Cazadero and way sta-
tions.
8:00 a. m. Sundays— Cazadero and way sta-
tlona.*
12:43 p. m. Sunday*— Point Reyes and way sta-
tlOPsV,
Trams— Daily
Leave Markjt-«tre9t F«rry Depot.
I Lve. 8an Francisco. 9:S0 a n>l4:10 p mj 8:00 p ra
t Arr. Stocktuu 12:30 p m 7:tf p m 11:05 p ta
" Merced 2:43 p mj I:i3»ra
. " Fresno 4:20 pm • 3:05 am
. " VliialU 8.0.) pra 4:60am
I " Talare 6:22 P m 5.1'J a. :a
t •* Hanford (:33 pm 1:0* a n»
I " Bakerafield ... S:50 p m 7:90 a ra
" Denver 10:00 a ra ¦
" Kansas City... 5:15 p m
** Chicago 7:40 am
i » a. m. train is the Overland Express. Corre»
) Bpondlnr train arrives at * p. rn. daily.
! 4:10 p. m. Is Stockton Loral. Corresponding
1 train arrives 11:05 a. m. daily.
i 8:00 p. m. is Fresno and Bakenflebf Bxpreu.
{ with Bleeping; Cars fcr both cltlea. Corrsarpcnd-
! tor train arrives at $ a. n>. dally.
! OFF1CES-«41 Market tt. and »n F«ny D^oc.
i Baa, rraadigg: 1H8 Vn&ix*X^Q&lvA — >
MIgs Alice C. Ball (owner) with William Lin-
den (contractor), architects Rousseau &¦ Son-
All work for 2-story and basement frame build-
ing with, brick' foundation on lot on E line of
Spruce street, 127:814 N of Sacramento, N 23
by 87:6; J3100. \ ; ;'
Builders' Contracts.
Alameda County.
John A. and Florence E. Britton to Frank
Pereira, lot on E line of Grove street. 60 S
of Sixth, S 60 by E 75, being lots 5 and 6,
William B. and Mary J. Dennison to William
T Harris lot on SW corner of Mono and Shat-
tuck avenues. W 126. S 88. E 120.98. N 88.14
to beginning, being lots 14 and 13, block I).
resubdlvision map of that portion of Brumagln
Tract lying W of Shattuck avenue, Oakland;
* Magcle Y. Bartley (wife of S. P.), to John
Boehrer lot on 13 line of Deakin street, 200 N
of Ashby avenue, E 135 by N 50 being lot 5,
block C. Suburban Tract, Berkeley; $1800.
Anson S. and Anita S. Blake to J. M. Gra-
ham lot S block F, map of southern portion
of Blake estate, Berkeley; $10
J and Sadie -Armstrong to William Morrlsh,
lot' on E line of Spring street. 267 S of Vine,
E 140 from point of beginning, thence 8 42,
E 160 N 42, W 160 to beginning, being a portion
of lot 14, block 3. map of property of Berkeley
View Homestead Association, Berkeley; $100.
Martin and Adele L. Gogo to Hermlne Marols.
lot on N line of Element avenue, 50 E of Oak
street E 100 by N 145, being lots K, L, M and
N, block 43, on map of T. M. Smith's resub-
divlslon of map of the Mlnturn Tract; also
lot on E line of Everett street. 100 N of Cle-
ment avenue. N 60 by E 140:%. being lot 10,
block 4. Jenks & Mead Homestead Tract, Ala-
Judson if. and Louise S. Davis to George H.
Barrett, lot on S line of Walton (or Thirty-
fifth) street. 234 W of Telegraph avenue. W 23
by S 119:10, subject to a nfbrtgage for $1500,
Oakland: $10. ' ¦
Michael J. Henley to Lajas Von Perhacs, lot
1 on Map of Potts subdivision of a portion of
lot 8, Hitchcock property, Oakland; $10. ,
A. H. Duncombe (slnjrle) to James A. Camp-
bell, lot on NE Hne of E Twenty-seventh street,
£20 SE of Nineteenth avenue, SE SO by NE 140.
block S2, on Map of Northern Addition to
Brooklyn, East Oakland: $10.
Christian and Julia Dietrich to Mary F.
Dolan (single), lot on SW line of E Twentieth
street 131 :3H NW of Twenty-third avenue. NW
60 by SW 150, being lot 11. block O. subdivision
DO. Associates tract. East Oakland; $10.
Theresa Winter to Benjamin Adler, the N 1-3
of lot 64 In plat 40, Mountain View Cemetery,
Oakland Township; $48.
H. J. and K. Madsen to John Hanson, lot on
N line of Anthony street, 370 E of Fifth. E
30, N 127.28, W 30. S 127.32, to beginning of
lot S04,' Map of Potter tract, Berkeley; $10. i
J. M. Furrer to A. Burrow*, lot 18, block
76, tract B, Berkeley L. and T. I. Association,
quitclaim deed. Berkeley; $1.
George W. and Cannle D. Scott to A. C.
Esteee, lot 8 in Harlan'a Addition to the town
of San Leandro, Eden Township; $10.
R. A. Wilson to Josephine C. Herrick (wife
of E. ¦ M. Herrick), lot on SW corner of Haw-
thorne avenue and Webster street. S 90 by W,
150, being portion of lot 19. Map of Buena Vista
Homestead, to correct 723 d 401, quitclaim deed,
Oakland; $10. .
G. C. Schrelber to B. C. Schreiber. lot 6.
Map of Ridge wood. East Oakland; JW.
Henrietta Kuhn to Ida B. Dennis (wife of
George W. Dennis Jr.), lot on S line of Rail-
road avenue, 142' E of Ninth street, E 60 by
S 150, Alameda; $10.
James T." Rowe to Marie F. Rowe, lot 9 in
W '.4 block I, lands adjacent to Enclnal. Ala-
meda; gift.
William Deering to W. C.'Rarlg, all interest
in lots 5 and 6 Johnson tract, quitclaim deed,
Alameda: $1.
BEAT, ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Jacob and Lina Heyman to T. J. Murphy, lot
on N line of Valley street, 204:7 E of Douglass,
E 25 by N 114; 110.
William F. Breeze to Spencer C. and Samuel
G. Buokbee. lot on E line of Jones street, 112:6
N of Ellis, N 25 by B 87:6; $10.
Frank L. and Marie I. Bateman to Sampson
Tanis> and Daniel L. Randolph, lot on SW line
of Spear street. 1S3:4 SB of Market. 45:10
by SW 137:6; $10.
Stephen S. and Josephine C. Smith to same,
lot en SW line of Spear street. 229:2 SE of Mar-
ket, SE 30 by SW 137:6; :iO.
Kdward L. Goasell to Carl G. Larsen. lot on
SE corner of Fourteenth avenue and O street,
E 35:11, S ;s»0:2. W 22:10, N 288:11: also lot on
i^E corner of Sixteenth avenue and O street, E
£55. S 270:7, W 255:6. N 2.'.8:10; also lot on SE
corner of Seventeenth avenue nnd O street, E
240. S 253:1. W 240:4. N 240:2; J3S0O.
Anders and Lizzie Johnson to llolbrook, Mer-
rill & Stetson (a corporation), lot on NE corner
of Melrose and Stanford Addition, W 00 by N
ICO, block 134. Sunnyside Addition; $10.
George W. and Minerva K. Frlnk to Jane-E.
Lintner (wlf<? of Sebastian), lot on N corner of
K Etrcet and Sixteenth avenue. NW 75 by NE
100, Mock o00, South San Francisco Homestead,
etc.; «10.
Elizabeth Johnston to Andrew L. Johnston
Oon). lot on N line of nichland. 675 E South.
E 25 by N 100. lot 32. block 7, Holly Park; gift.
Same to Elizabeth M. Nankervis, lot on N
line of nichland. 700 E South, E 25 by N 100.
lot SI. block 7, same; gift.
Elinor E. and Thomas B. Jenkins, Mary A.
and John Mugge and 'William Nicole (by Carl
W. KlfvinK. commissioner) to Continental
Building and Loan Association, lot on S line of
San Jose avenue, 70 E of Sherman street, E 30
by S 125, lota 4 und 5, block 5, West End Map
No. 2; $1071.
H. A. L'nruh to Ellas J. Baldwin, lot on S
line of Hayes street, 240 W of Webster, W 35
by S 137:6 (quitclaim deed); $10. .
Joseph Mier to Sarah Mier, same; gift
Western 'Ix>an Association to Adolph and Min-
nie L. Wiener, lot on N line of Page street.
106:3 W of Pierce, W 25 by N 137:6; $5250.
George Brown to Mary F. McEneany, lot on
W line of Masonic avenue, 175 S of "Waller
street, S 23 by W 106:3; $10.
Thomas W.. Katharine A., Christopher C.
and Lily A. Rivers to Anna Ahlf, lot on E
line of Sanchez street, "2:l',s S of Twenty-fifth,
S 21:10% by E Sl:S'i; $10.
r. H. and Katie Loftus to Illbernia Savings
and Loan Society, lot on W line o' Diamond
street, 85 N of Twenty-second, N 25 by W 113:3;
$5.
Marion B. Cumming to Joseph M. dimming-,
lot on NW line of Perry street, 237:6 NE of
Third, NE 37:6 by NW SO; gift.
Joseph M. Cummins to Virginia K. Cumming.
satne; gift.
Adolph and Wilhelmine Beetr to Emma Har-
rington lot on W line of Eighth avenue, ISO
S of H street, S 25 by W 120; $10.
William Follmer to Mary Follmer, undivided
half of lots 24 and 25, block 561. Bay Park
Homestead; 510. ... .,
Joseph K. Dolan to Walter and Annie Mort-
ley. lot 11E6. gift map 2; $10.
M. Ballin to Gustav and Marie Baumann, lot
on SW corner of Harkneps and Glrard streets.
W 120 by S 100, lots 1 and 2, block 34, Paul
Tract Homestead; $10. „ . „ ,„
Joseph and Mary Cuneo to Southern Pacific
Company (corporation), lot on S corner of lot
S block. 56 Paul Tract Homestead, NE along
NW line of Railroad avenue 50 feet- by NW
123:10. lot 3, block 56, Paul Tract; $10.
Edmond and Ellen Kenny to Hugh R. Kim-
ball lot 2, block 2S4, lot 2. block 3S6, lots 5 to
7 10 and 11. block . 365. South San Francisco
Homestead and Railroad Association (quitclaim
deed); $330.
PERSOXALj.
THE HUDSON RIVEIl CO.* ;— ~""
,, -.. HOPKE BROS.
-•Iattrcr*es and pillows made to order r*»cov-
ered and renovated: honest work ruanuiteed-
rrtces defy competition upholstery] phone
£3**; factory, ns an<l CM Eleventh n.'; flrst-
c!a*s r leaning and dyeing. 12S OFarrell tt
_ riear Powell. San Francisco.
JULIANISM.
Sr-lrntific Hrallng.
£13 Golden Gate ave.
LEDEREH *•':!!¦ ni Perf»»cio Veda Rnujre. B0c";
it ty>8utif>s the face; f.rtt quality hair roils
st s. bargain. CJ Stockton ft.
DLCCTBIC lights in every room— Winchester
Hotel. 4« Third St.. near Market: 700 rucms:
S3e t" (l '¦<• per r.'.pht: n L0 to t« per weok:
irr* 'bus and bipgape to and from the ferry.
LKDERERS Quintonica Hair TonTcTKcbox:
Foamo Shampoo. 5c riackage.
FT'ITS to crdpr r.n ins*aJlra»nt8: $15 upward;
$1 a week. LHON LKMOP. 1117 Market St..
b«-twrrn Seventh and Eighth.
riLEP-300 permanent cures in San Francisco,
who c*ii be seen: no operai:on; no pain: par-
ticular* sTit. Ad. Physician, brvx l!*so. Call.
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable ratss: 10
years' f>.perlence. J. p. HAY. SS7 Jessie st.
LEOERER. th» popular hairdresser: up-to-
date I«t<^t t*Am In hair styles 25c only.
Fl"ITS to crder r. n ea«y payments. Art Tailor-
__:t k < >>.. 1P4I Mkt.. under St. Nicholas HoteL
IIAiR quickly curled cr waved by using Tal-
f ""'» curling fluid; 25c a bottle; drugglstm.
WAXTED-OH-fash!onM silver, brass, copper
- *rarc: curios, si: (Jcscripticns. IZi Dupont ft.
ALFOEOHMS Emttaal H enr.s. restores gray
ha:r to He natural coior: Jl, at all druggists.
<-.»s;-O"F ekttbtec old fmld «ma~BHver^bought-
f Ti -I r r ?tal. i'OLKVa.VS, Wi Kearay St.
REAL CSTATE CITY — FOR SALE.
For. SALE— iJreat bargain: new 8-room"~park
residence; eubftant tal ; handsome; cheap?
terms to s'jit purchaser; owner on premises.
tX <'!a.\ir>n rt.. south of Haight; electric cars
tass the do<«r.
A BAJM2AXX-: oottau* of 4 rooms and bath;
hard fir.isheO: 1-vel lot; 7-foot planked ha«>--
jr.mt; J1C50; niO down. 403 Bank 6t., near
Portland ave.
KSJXO-COtaC Ett i tot. ICOxiro: new building,
rrocrry «ui bar. stc-<-k and fixtures: on end
or car Hrw; clearing *300 mo. Box 271*. Call.
WANTED for cash customer, property bet.
Market. Puttrr and Polk «t*. ; paying 7 per
W/ E. BARXAltD. 1U» Brdwy. Oakland.
?r« ¦• — -OTTAOi^ end 2 flit houlw frontlns
gtre«-t: ST:«i».S"; water front. Box ISaO, Call.
• 11O1) CRN houses built ;lowest prices ;plans and
cstir::at*s furnished. Campbell. 1147 Mission.
MISSION cottagr; <¦ rooms anl bath; large lot;
t^rrr.g 10 tui; bTjyer. Owner 413 K«»*rny st-
ni:AL ESTATE-— COCSTRY — For Sale
AUCTION SALE.
THE LOS MEDANOS KANCHO.
Property or the L. L. ROBINSON ESTATE.
Corrprts:ns about S0O0 acre* of rich farming
laal. Ivxated near Antioch, In Contra Costa
Cousty. will be sold as a whole
AT AUCTION.
»ATTT5X>AT. SEPTEMBER C. 1900, at 13
o'clock noon.
At th« RoWason hcrr« place, Loa Medanos
rtat!on. near Antioch. This fine ranch has a
frort&g* of several miles on the San Joaquin
River ar<! Is trav<rs*-3 by both the Southern
Pacific and Par-ta FV railroads. The stations
of Cornwall and Los Med&nos are on the ranch.
At tbe sam* time ar.3 i-!ace will b« eold the
town lots belonging to the sarr.e estate, located
1r. >r.rtoch and New York Landing, in quanti-
ties to suit purchasers.
Int»n<lini; purchasers from Pan Francisco
*hov:<J c«?t tickets to Los Medanos.
Ft further particulars see catalogues.
BOVEE, TOY & SONNTAO, Auctioneer*.
f-24 Market st.. San Francisco.
THE rhclcett lots !n Richmond: very desirable:
-¦ if you are looking for lots to build a home on
y.ia must have one of these; location is
everything: take ycur wife out ar.d let h»r
A.fi'ii". as Fhe has to b«. horn* all day und
her FatiFfar-tion Is y/mr happiness; these are
trt« oneam of Richmond.
%\>5t Fide of Tenth ave.. clo«« to Clement—
1 led; 2axl2O; a pretty honv on each side;
Bice gardens; very choice; JSOO.
Sixth ave., near Clement— S lots, 25x120;
wry ch*-ar> and choice.
Klfvj-nta ave.. close to Clement — 2 lets, 25
x!2*; JSOO each.
For terras end particular* call st office, as
I :r:tcr.d to efll these lots: all ftrwt work
<->ne. W. J. OL'SS,
ZT> California Ft.
A <~ITEAP l'.rtle ranch of Si arr**, near rail-
road town. Al&meda County; hou»». barn.
r"~ - o!t7-v hou!w^!«. plerty of enoi water. O*t
particulars of this. Jl. II. CRANE. Mi Calif.
C T ACRES No. 1 land. 2 milee from railroad
•own, Alarafda '"ounty; hou?e. barn, etc.;
¦wll wati-re<1; a splendid farra: price reduced
¦) tl2.«0». II. H. CRANE, V* California «t.
pfWt sale — Only nn» chance in a lifetime; a
-rr.r-T lot, about 1W by 1'- r >; "ppoelte S. P.
•pot; for hotel, restaurant and saloon; ro
rrp"tit!cn with'n i blocks. ArP->' to F.
• COOPE7V Panta Rota, Cal
'.' "—FOR ral»: hius» «f 4 rooms: oppfr flat
- -.d Ftfr* with 2 rooms; let !S:«r50: rents J15;
*t 7 Decatur ft. Apply 5 Decatyr st.
/.¦''CURATE perscaal knowledg-e— earn of tha
?<Vi0 'inrhf on my PALE and EXCHANGE
!!f>t. More than a!l oth*r asents In this city.
N. T>. S3CKELR. the land arent. 6 Oeary st.
CTTT rmperty and farms exchanged or Bold:
:;*'* ?r*«. MARION GRIFFIN. 719 Slarket
ist . mom 1.
T ¦ 10 acres; ranrh: slightly improved; 5
- Q«i «ast from Reddlnc. Call I00C No* it.
F"5H Fai» — About S acr>» of lar.d. near Colma,
Pan Mateo Countr. 445 Valencia st.
:HEAPEST and b**t In America— The W»«k:y
r "a!l. 18 pair'*, sect to any address in the
Csltefl Ftntes cr Canada one year fcr Jl,
' ALAMEDA ADYERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
SaRGaINS in Improved and unimproved Ala-
r*-.»<ia r«>al estate In all isarts of Alameda on
*>a«y i«>rrr.s. Ala.me<la Land Compacy, 1500
Park rt.. Alarn^a; ?) Port st.. Pan Francisco.
BERKELEY ADYERTISEMENTS
BCIIKELEY RKAL ESTATE.
fl}<)0 — HOT*Fk of 4 rooms, irood bam and out-
hous«?s: large lot. with rood orchard, yielding
1200 j>er yttajr fruit; this p!ar« is one block'
1mm Ftation; a verj' rare chance for some
cce. Take B»>rkr|#>y train, eet oft at Lorln
end ask for RUDOLPH, PEKKXNS & LYON.
finoft— 8-rooa hosts, one block from T*le-
frraph ave. : rood houre, tank, tower, well.
pump, (ir4«n and lar^^ lot; f ene-d : terms to
suit; Lnrtn station, Berkeley. RUDOLPH,
PEHKINS & LTON.
ttZ'A— NEW 5-roorn house, with all modern Im-
provements: corner lot fronting Telegraph
tve ; only 10 minutes of university grounds.
Apply to MASON & McLENATHEN, adjoin-
ing: P. O.. Berkeley station.
ALTA PCNTA TRACT— 6aa Pablo ave., 2
miles north of Berkeley; J1&0 to JZifl per acrt;
Irts J60 to $1EO Mrb: JS a month; call for
rrar". <5. "«'• HAIGHT. 401 California St.. S.F.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The W'eokly
c a ii, 16 pages. 6*nt to any address in the
' "»*nlt«"l ftaten or Canada one ypar for JL
oakjInd advertisements.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAIvLAND IICAL ESTATE.
COMFORTABLE HOME
AT A SACRIFICE
COST ICSO^PIUCE J2X0.
' Two-storj'. 9 rooms, bath, brick foundation.
-t-.-av-wIndowH and high basement, with 2 extra
15n!yh*d rooms; two patent closets and wash
trays; plenty of closets, all larpe; etreet work
rjid rtone walks complete; c-lectrlc cars right
In front: handy to school, churches and local
rtdkn: 1n choir* location; title perfect ar.d a
f-jjcfl naJc: »iii carry J2000 Insurance: now
r<nt*d; «-aE.v payments or a liberal discount for
(¦r^t rash; to bm is to buy; a rare chance; ln-
\*-jet'~ate at once
CEO. W. AtrBTIN & CO..
Exclusive Arents.
I'm Uroadway. Oakland.
FL'flNISHED or unfurnished hous« Of S larre
tootOM -ir.d bath: sanitary plumbing; lot W>r
j f rr. ce-ntraj location. Apply K9 13th St., Oakld.
CHEAPEST nnd btst in America— The Weekly
3C rases. e»nt to any address In th«
l'nitf<* *:•«•«•¦ nr Canada ikm var for t1.
OAKLi.\L> UOVotSS TO LET.
H tOU houses. G«t list from CEO. W. AU3-
T1N A- CO.. W-t Broadway. Oatkland.
OAJC LA.VD WL'. KITCRBi FOR SALE.
AN introduction to you from H. JSchellhaa*. the
.-.:..- _rt dealer. Ilth aud Franklin, Oakland.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
CAPP. 20—3 large sunny unf u rnishedTToonuT to
a quiet family without children.
CLAY. 2421, near Fillmore— 2 large unfurnished
pirn-.s; ui>per flat; yard; water; rear; rent $7.
CLEMENTINA, S2T— 2 airy furnished rooms for
nousrkcrplng; rasn ar.d wife.
CUMBERLAND, SS— Warm belt of Mission; 3
h-jusekoepinK room?, with cook stove, bath,
gas and washtubs; water free; reasonable.
EDDY. !>15 (old number)— 3 or 4 unfurnished
funny rooms; fine location: private residence..
ELLIS. Kl— Nice newjy furnished front room
for hc.usrkeepin-r, $10 a month.
HOWARD. 1C42. bet. €th and 7th-NIce sunny
houst Ue°pjrg rooms: rent cheap.
3 PLEASANT sunny* housekeeplri? roomf.; rent
cheap. 114 Le I'.oy pla^e, ofT Sacramento.
MARKET. 24S2— 53; 2 sunny housekeeping;
rooms; private family; adults only.
1IAIIKET, 16i8, opposite Tenth — Large comfort-
able kitchen and bedroom, no children, J7.
MINNA. 322— 2 or 2 housekeeping rooms, com-
also doabla *r.d single; rent moderate.
2 I.AP.GE sunny rooms furnished completely for
housekeeping; bedroom and Kitchen furniture
all new; r*nt t2 :'"« per week. Apply at shoe
store, i.62 .Mission ft., bet. 1st and 2d sts.
OAK. 119 — Large sunny basement room: yard.
range: furnished Cor htkping; JC; upper, *7.
NOE. 153—4 • surjiy connecting rooms; gas
range, grate, bath; lower flat; $14.
OFARRELU 742—2 to 4 nicely furnished rooms
complete lor housekeeping; 3 connecting, $16;
also >lnele. $S.
OCTAVIA, 1102-Sur.ny bay-window; gas bur-
ner cooking; large closet; running water.
POLIC. 1G20 — Large unfurnished back parlor,
closet and runninir water; JS.
POWELL, ltOl— 3 or 3 laree fiunny rooms, con-
for housekeeping; sink, ers and bath.
THIIITEENTH. ~s5C~nr. Valencia— Sunny fur-
niehed housekeeping room; etove and water;
separate entrance.
VAN NEPS ave.. E15-Parlor suite and kitchen;
bath; sun all day; yard, etc
CLASSIFIKD advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore St.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
Fubscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia St.
KOOMS TO LET Furn. and I'nfnrn.
A— BRUNSWICK House. 14S Sixth-Rooms~25c
to tt per night; Jl 25 to $5 per week, and light
housekeeping; open all nisht.
A QUIET and respectable home for light house-
keeping; suites $16 up; bath; telephocr. St.
James, McAllister and Laguna gt s .
BL'P.XETT, 142« Market (old No. 1364)-Fur-
r.'^h-J rms., Euite«. single: also unfurnished.
BI'SH. 334. near Kearny — Xlce furnished rooms,
Jj cer month and up.
BL'SH. E20 (The Elk)-Changed hands, newly
( renovated, nicely furn. sunny rms.. $1 50 to $7
woek; 25c to II 50 night. MRS. P. RANFT.
I BRYANT, 16C6, near Fifteenth— 4 large tunny
rooms, with stable, J12; without, $10; water
free; •
CLARA. 141A — Large sunny front room; sult-
»t> for one or two gentlern«*n; J3.
CLIFFORD. 204 Ellis, cor. Meson— Elegantly
furnished Bunny rooms; prices reasonable.
j GEARY. 536 — Elegant sunny front parlor, piano,
light hkpg. ; suites; other pleas, rms.; phone.
' GRAND SOUTHERN; southeast corner Seventh
I and MlfEion sts.—^unny rooms, en suite or
&:ngle; ladies' parlor: reading-room; elevator.
HARHISOn] ~f*H. near Fourth— Finely fur-
:iiFhed Funny rooms; bath; all conveniences;
homelike; Jl week up
HOWARD, 82&-Rooms from $1 week up to $3;
ZSc to $1 nisht: also housekeeping rooms.
] JT7FT open: furnished rooms; $3 per month and
upward. 267 Minna st.
! LARKIN, 707— Private family; newly furnished
I double parlors; Bunny; bay window; $16;
> adults only.
j LAS PALM AS'. 1S20 Market St.— Suite of 2 or 3
| in-.s. ; private; bath; Ein. rms.; board optional.
I MARKET. 7S3— Rooms suitable for business;
I other rooms by day, week or month.
I OAK. 204 — Neatly furnished front room to let;
j gentleman preferred: reference.
I O'FARRELL. 20 — Sunny furnished rooms and
offices: elevator; electric lights; day, wk.. mo.
ROSEDALE House. SIS and 321 Ellis St.— Rooms^
r.ight 2rc to JL week 11 25 to J4 ; open night.
! ROTAL HOUSE, IK Ellis st.-Incandescent
lisht; reading room, smoking room and ladles'
rarlor: rooms, per night. 35c to 51 60; week. 12
to JS: month. tS to t20. elevator on office
floor: rooms. with hot and cold water; baths.
j SHERMAN Apartment House. 28 Eighth St.,
j - n>ar Market— Furnished or unfurnished." '
i SIXTTI, 242 — Nice Funny rooms, en suite or eln-
¦ gle; rent reasonable.
I SIXTH, 13C— Furnished eunny rocms; single or
suite?: also rooms for light housekeeping.
[ "WASHINGTON. 1000 — Women's rooming house;
I s'jnny furn. rooms to let at reasonable rates.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 22C0 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH oMce for Call advertlnenients and
subscriptions baa been established at 109«
Valencia et.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The "Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In iha
United States or Canada one year for. JL
posts re paid.
ROOMS J^AVTED.
ELDERLY lady wants sunny unfurnished bed-
room ar.d kitchen; first floor; state price.
Address box 43<f>. Call office.
ROOMS AND BOARD.
GUERRERO. 114— Newly nicely furn. sunny
rooms, with board; very desirable; reasonable.
BOARD and rooms -at 415 First St.. near Har-
rison.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
ODD FELLOWS' Cemetery Association— The
annual meetlnr of the lot owners of the Odd
Fellows' Cemetery will be he'.d on Monday,
September 24, 1900, at 2 p. m., at the of flee
of the association. Point Lobos ave., for the
*>le<?tion of trustees, etc. By ordex of the
Board of Trustees.
, CxEORGE T. BOHEN, Pres.
GEORGE PENLINGTON. Sec. .
ROOMS papered from t2 50; whitened. $1 up;
palntir.K done. Hartraan Paint Co.. S19 Third.
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO..
4*5 Montgomery St.. rooms 9-10; tel. 5583.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, cent to anv address in the
United States or Canada one year for Jl,
postage raid. '_^^^^^^^^^^
SEWIXG 3IACHIXES AND SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged: re-
pairing lowest rates; open^even. 205 4th st.
BOUGHT, sold, rented, repaired; needles and
shuttles; reduced rates. 143 6th; phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought, sold and repairing truaran-
te»d. Charles Plambeck. 1915 Mission, nr. 15th.
storage: axd warehouses.
BKICINS Van and Storage Co.. 722 Mission st.;
Tel. Main 1*40; shipping at cut rates.
WILSON BROS., storage and moving: covered
vans. Tenth and Market; phone South 782.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Fillmore st. ; phone Jackson 2S1.
TO LEASE.
TO let— Fine rooms suitable for light manufac-
turir.g purposes. Apply at DU Sansome st.
typewriters axd supplies.
great"baroains in''typ"ewriters^w«
sell better machines for ies* money than any
hous'e in the city; rentals. $3. The Typewriter
Exchange. 626 California; telephone Main 266.
ALWAYS bargains In typewriters; any mak-.
Write for orlces to L. & M. ALEXANDER.
110 Montgomery st. ,
NEW typewriters. JS down. $5 month payments.
ItKVALK. 409 California St.
DIVIDEND JVOTICeS.
DIVIDEND Notice— Dividend No. 109 (fifty
cents per share) of the Oceanic Steamship
Company, will be payable at the office of the
company. 227 Market el., on and after Mon-
day, October 1. ID00. Transfer books close
en Tuesday. September 2S. 1900. at 3 o'clock
p. m. " E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
MABBIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday:
George P. Ankeraon, 33, . Fresno, and Katie
Portney. 23. €18 Sixth etreet.
Heinrich Pfelfer. 27. 6 Natoma street, and
Her.ny Koeneeke. 28, 42 nitch street.
Joseph Lavigne, SO. 16 Harlem place, and
Maria I^Rrange, 20, 16 Harlem place.
Alfred Miller, 22. 1406 Buchanan street, and
Sophie TajtKart. 23. 1406 L'ui'hanan street.
William Turner. 5S. city, and Jam-tie Smith,
60, city.
Johann G. Hold, 26, Oakland, and Eva V.
A dim?, 15, 72* Laurel avenue.
Patrick J. Dunlcavy. 24. 74 Rausch street,
and Mary Sullivan. 23. 74 Rausch street.
William J. Johnscn, SI, Napa. and Minnie O.
Winters, 24, Na;a.
Charles Lawn. 22. 212 Ninth street, and M*i7
O'Toole, 21, 2120 Lombard etreet.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be Inserted. 1 They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
ALEXANDER-In this city, September 19. 1900,
to the wife of A. S. Alexander, a daughter.
ARONSOX— In this city. September 15. 1900. to
the wife of Henry Aronson. a daughter.
married!
DOTY— WARD-In this city, September 20. 1900.
by the Rev. Dr. John A. B. Wilson, Jame»
W. Doty and Julia A. Ward, both of Pleyto,
Monterey Countv.
HACKENBRL'CK- LUCCHESI— In San Rafael.
September 4, 1500, by the Rev. Father Regan.
John E. Hat-kenbruck and Evallne Lucchesi.
DIED.
Anderson, Mrs. Mar- King, Philip R.
caret Lamer?, Josephine
Arnold, Pearl Lap'.dge. Capt. Wil-
Blalr, James Ham F.
Burke. James Laws, Josh <J.
Clement. Mrs. I^oulsa McCarthy, Elizabeth
Delafleld, Edward V.'. McDonald. John C.
Forcade, Joseph Mann. Ueorze
Gerardl, Josephine Mantel. Henry
. Gllddon. Grace Morlcy. Richard
Greif. Amalie B. M. Mueller. Margaret M.
Hammond. Richard P. Prinz, Frllz
Hammereclilag Annie Ramsey. Francis
Haiijes, Annie Ristum, Ida
Henderson. Euraney Ruddell. Samuel -J.
Henqulnet, Pierre J. Pchierbaum (twins)
Hermansen. KJostel Svenson, Maria C.
Kata, K.. Twomey, Mary
ANDERSOX— In Irvlngton, Alameda County,
September 21. 1900, Mrs. Margaret Anderson,
widow of the late Robert Anderson, and
mother of Miss Jennie Anderson. Mrs. L. I.
Beach and Robert Anderson, aged 72 years.
C7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Sunday), at 1 o'clock, at her late
residence In Irvlngton. Interment Odd Fel-
lows' C«metery In Irvincton.
ARNOLD— In this city. September 21, 1300.
Pearl, beloved wife of Ernest W. Arnold, a
native of New York, aged 17 years and 2
months.
BLAIR— Near Blnghamton. Solano County,
James, beloved husband of Agnes Blair, a
native of Vermont, aged 72 years 4 months
and 9 days.
BURKE-In this city, September 20. 1900. James
Burke, a native of Ireland, aged 69 years.
CLEMENT— In Onkland. September 20, 1900.
Mrs. Louisa Clement, beloved mother of Mrs.
Robert Yates and George Clement, a native
of Germany, aged 61 years.
CJ^ Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
this day (Saturday), at 10 o'clock, at the
residence of Mr. Robert Yates. 1043 Poplar
street. Oakland. Cremation at Odd Fellows'
Cemetery, Han Francisco.
DELAFIELD— In East Oakland, September 20.
1900. E<lward Webster DelaHeld. a native of
San Francisco, ased 32 years 1 month and 19
dajB.
(CThe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Sunday*, at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 1C0S Twenty-third avenue. Interment
private.
FORCADE-In JackBon. September 19, 1900. Jo-
seph Forcade. husband of Juillet Forcade (nee
Bonafe), father of Mabel, Arthur and Walter
Forcade of Portland. Or., beloved son of Mrs.
C. Brichet, and brother of Mrs. Maurice Dono-
van, Mrg. M. K. Fleming, Arthur Forcade and
Mrs. Dr. H. R. Morton, a native of Havana,
aged 47 years. (.Portland, Or., papers please
copy.) ?
C7" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the undertak-
ing parlors of Q. Iaccheri, 629 Broadway, be-
tween Stockton nnd Dupont streets.
GERARDI— In this city, September 20, J900,
Josephine, dearly beloved daughter of Gabriel
and the late Martha Gerardi, and sister of
Rose, Alice. Camellia and the late Mervyn
Geranli, a native of San Francisco, aged 19
years.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
this day (Saturday), at 2 o'clock, at her late
residence, 70 ICUiott park, off Steiner street,
between Geary and O'Farrell. Interment pri-
vate. ¦ •
GLIDDON-In this city. September 20. 1900,
Grace, beloved daughter of James W. and
MarKaret Gllddon, sister of Gorden M.. Percy
N.. Stanley McFee. Hazel and Ruth Gliddon,
and niece of Captain and Mrs. J. R. McFee,
a rative of Liverpool, England, aged IS years
S months and 22 days.
CyFriands and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Monday.
September 24, at 1:30 o'clock, from the home
of her parents, 10 Hill street, between Valen-
cia and Guerrero. Interment Cypress Lawn
Cemetery by carriace.
GREIF— In this city. September 19. 1900. Ama-
lie B. M., dearly beloved wife of George M.
Greif. daughter of Mr. and Mrs. R. Zundel.
and sister of Robert and Frank Zundel, a
native of San Francisco, aged 35 years 11
months and £ days.
CyFrienda and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1 o clock, from her late resi-
dence. 1616 Stockton street, thence to Native
Sons' Hall. 414 Mason street, where services
will be held under the auspices of Buena
Vista Parlor No. 68. N. r>. G. W., thence to
I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
OFFICERS and members of Buena Vista Par-
lor No. CR, N. D. O. W.— You are hereby no-
tified to attend the funeral of our late sister.
Mollie B. M.- Greif. to-morrcw (Sunday), at
2 o'clock, at Native Sons' Hall, 414 Mason
street. By order of
EMMA BENING, President.
MRS. H. M. GREENE. Secretary.
HAMMOND-In this city, September 20. 1900.
Richard Pindell Hammond, a native of San
Francisco, aeed 41 years 5 months and 13
days.
CTFrlends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral services this day (Saturday).
at 2 o'clock, at Trinity Church, corner Bush
and Gouish streets. Interment private.
HAMMERSCHLAG— In this city, September 19.
19C0, Annie, beloved wife of the late John
HammerschlaK. mother of Julius, Andrew,
Thomas, Lottie, Edward and Julia Hammer-
Fchlac, and sister of Thomas L. Feitner. a
native of New York, aged 48 years 4 months
and 26 days. (New York papers please copy.)
ICT'Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 635C Minna street, between Seventh
and Eighth, thence to St. Joseph's Church.
Tenth street, between Howard and Foisom.
where a requiem high mass will be celebrated
for the repose of her soul, commencing at 3
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
HANJES— In this city, September 21. 1S00, An-
nie, dearly beloved wife of A. F. Hanjes,
mother of Martha and Edna Hari^es, and sis-
ter of Charles H. Hencken. a native of San
Francisco, aged 34 years 6 months and 3
days.
E7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 2757 Twenty-first street, between Har-
rison and Bryant. Interment Odd Fellows'
Cemetery.
HENDERSON— In this city. September 11. 1900.
\ Euraney Henderson, beloved mother of J. W.
¦ and H. H. Henderson, Mrs. James Brown,
'¦Mrs. U. G. Scott and Mrs. Thomas Cook, a
native of Louisiana, aged 69 years 6 months
and 3 days.
HENQUINET— In this city. September 20. 1900.
Pierre J. Henquinet. beloved husband of
Marie Louise Henquinet. and brother of John
Henquinet of Wisconsin and Louis Hen-
quinct of Belgium, a native of Belgium,
aged 65 years. A member of George Washing-
ton Lodge No. 21, F. and A. M., Green Bay,
Wls.. and. also a member of the French Be-
nevolent Society. Ran Francisco. (Green Bay,
Wls.. pnpers please copy.)
E7;Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 9 o'clock sharp, from his late
residence. 4 Vlrrinla court, oft Dupont street,
between California and Pine. Cremation at
I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
HERMANSEN— In this city, September 2L
1900. KJostel. beloved son of A. and M. A.
Hermansen, a native of California, aged 6
months and 14 days.
KATA— In this city. September 21. 19C0, K.
Kata, a native of Japan, aged 29 years.
KING— In East Oakland. September 21. 1900.
Philip Raymond, youngest son of C. H. and
Kate King, a native of California, aged 12
years and 11 months.
LAMERE— In the City and County Hospital,
September 20. 1900. Josephine Lamere, a na-
tive of France, aged 76 years.
LAPIDGE— In this city, September 18, 1900,
Captain William Fredrick, beloved husband
of Mary A. Lapiilgo, and late commander of
Paclflo Mail Steamship Company, a native of
England, aged 78 years 1 month and 5 days.
tCTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock, from the mortuary
chapel of the Golden Gate Undertaking Com-
pany. 2425 Mission street, near Twenty-first.
Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
LAWS— In Cinnabar. Trinity County, Cal..
September 20, 1900. Josh Green Laws, be-
loved husband of Ella H. Laws of Oakland,
a native of Wllkesborough, N." C, aged 67
years 4 months and S days.
' tCTFrlends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral services this day (Saturday),
at 2 o'clock, at the funeral parlors of James
' Taylor, 520 Thirteenth street, between Wash-
ington and Clay. Interment at Reno. Nev.
. Funeral under the direction of Orion Lodge,
I. O. O. F.
MCCARTHY— In the City and County Hospital,
HENRY J. GALLAGHER C.O..
(Successor to Flannagan & Gallagher). .
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMER3.
20 Fifth st., opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South 80.
UNITED UNDERTAKERS.
27 and 23 Fifth »t. Tel. South- 16T.'
IUKEH1L DIBSCT02S AND EHBALMSR3.
Finest Equipment at Moderate /Rates.
C?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of Charles H. Jacob & Co.. 118 Mason
street, between O'Farrell and Geary. Intcr-
1 ment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
TWOMEY— In this city, September 20, 1900.
Mary, beloved wife of the late Edward
Twomey, and mother of Mrs. Charles M.
Duffy, the late Mrs. H. M. Andrews and Mrs.
Agnes F. Ward, a native of Ireland, aged 76
years.
dy Notice of funeral hereafter.
RISTUM— In Piedmont, September 21, »00. Ida,
beloved wife of Aleck Rlstum. and mother of
Alice and Herbert Rlstum, a native of
Sweden, aged 35 years 4 months and 27 days.
RTIDDKLL— In the City and County Hospital.
September 21. 1300, Samuel J. Ruddell. a na-
tive of Ireland.
SCHIERBAUM-In this city. September 21,
1W0, twin children of William and Carrie
Schlerbaum, natives of San Francisco, ased
2 months and 26 days.
SVKNSON— In this city. September 20, 1900.
Maria C Svenson, beloved wife of the late
Andrew Svenson, a native of Denmark, aged
76 years 9 months and 20 days.
(nJTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), from Odd Fellowa' Hall, corner
Seventh and Market streets, where services
will bo held under the auspices of Hermann
Lodge No. 145, commencing at 2 o'clock.
RAMSEY— In Alameda, Cal.. September 21,
1300, Frances, beloved wife of William M.
Ramsey, and daughter of Mrs. Isabelle Earle.
a native of Boston, Mass., aged 20 years 11
months and 21 days.
PIUNZ— In thl6 city, September 21, 1900, FriU
Prinz, a native of Germany. A member of
Hermann Loclge Xo. 145, I. O. O. F., and
"Walhalla Uebekah Lodge No. ISO. I. O. O. F.
C3 r Frie)n3s anil acquaintances are respect-
fully invHcl to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 7:50 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of Porter & White, 122 Eddy street,
thence to St. Joseph's Church, where a mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
cimmencinsf at S o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemeterj-.
MUELLER— In this city. September 21, 1900.
Margaret Mary Mueller, dearly beloved
daughter of John and Mary Mueller, and be-
loved Ulster of 'Wen.iel ajid John Mueller Jr..
a native of San Francisco, aged 2 years 3
E^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funes-al to-morrow
(Sunday), at 10 o'clock, from the parlors "of
the Craig & Coohran Company," 52-56 Mint
avenue. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
MANN— In this city. September 20. 1900. George
Mann, a native of New Brunswick, aged 74
years.
MANTEL- In this city. September 20. 1300.
Henry, beloved husband of the late Louisa
E. Mantel, and father of Max, Eugene A.,
Kmlle, Henry R., Elizabeth and Martha Man-
tel, a native of Germany, aged 63 years 11
months and 4 days.
MORRLY-In this city. September 21. 1900.
Rk-hnrfl, beloved husband of Bridget Morely,
a native of Ballyhannis, County Mayo, Ire-
land, agpd 47 years and 6 months. (New
York papers please copy.)
September 21. 1900, Elizabeth . McCarthy, a
native of California.
McDONALD— In this city. September 21, 1900.
John C. McDonald, beloved husband of Ellen
K. McDonald, a native of Inverness-shire,
Scotland, agpJ 5S years and If days. (Detroit,
Mich., papers please copy.)Henry Altmeyer, a well known crook,
was held to answer before the Superior
Court yesterday by Judge Conlan on a
charge of burglary in $2000 bonds. He
broke into a room at 501 Post street and
stole some Jewelry and clothing.
Altmeyer Held for Burglary.
Peter Casper, residing at 721 Brannan
street, complained to the Harbor police
Thursday night that he had been held up
by two men on Spear street, between Fol-
Eom and Howard. He says the act was
committed shortly after It) o'clock in the
evening. The footpads got nothing and in
disgust allowed their victim to go on his
way.
Held Up by Bobbers.
Dr. C. C. O'Donnell is in the light to win.
He is speaking every night to large and
enthusiastic audiences. This Is a time
when he is needed in Congress, and the
voters seem to be universal for him. •
It Is believed they gave the stolen Jew
elry to some friend to keep for them, evi
dently expecting to be arrested. Thty will
be held. pending further investigation!
• Captain Seymour at once detailed De
tectives Dlnan, Wren and Ed Gibson to
arrest the suspected Chinamen. They
visited Chinatown, and after a long
search they found the thieving pair hid
ing In a disreputable den on Spofford
alley. They were at once taken to police
headquarters and subjected to a rigorous
examination. Both men denied having
stolen the jewelry. They claimed that
they left the house shortly after Mr. and
Airs. Boyd came to this city and crossed
the bay, intending to see a "cousin" in
Chinatown. None of the stolen jewelry
was found on them.
j During the afternoon Boyd and his
family crossed the bay to thiaclty, leav
ing the two Chinamen to take care of the
house. On their return a few hours later
Mrs. Boyd discovered that her jewel case
had been pried open and its costly con
tents taken. Suspecting that the China
men were the culprits she went In. search
of them, but failed to get a trace of the
thieving pair. After notifying the Con
stable at San Rafael. Boyd and his wife
came to this city and Informed Captain
Seymour of the robbery. They gave him
the following list of the articles stolen:
One solitaire diamond ring with the in
scription "M. de "W. K."; one diamond
ring, inside of which was the name "Jean
McGregor"; one ring with a ruby in the
center and two small diamonds on the
side of the band; three pearl rings; one
sapphire ring; one gold wire with dia
mond setting; one gold necklace, set with
pearls and emeralds; one pearl stick pin,
and three small diamond screw studs.
Locked up In the tanks In the City
Prison are two Chinese servants, who are
suspected of stealing diamonds and jew
elry, valued at about a thousand dollars,
from the residence of Attorney George
Boyd of San Rafael. One of the prison
ers Is known as Jew Lock and was em
ployed by Boyd as a servant- Yesterday
morning he took his brother to the home
of his employer for the purpose, as It was
thought, of assisting him in cleaning the
house.
They Plunder the Residence
of Attorney Boyd in
San Rafael.
BOLD CHINESE
THIEVES STEAL
COSTLY JEWELS
The reason physicians always recommend
Jes«e Moore "AA" whiskey Is became they
know of lu absolute purity.
An address will be given Monday even-
Ing at the Young Men's Christian Associa
tion Auditorium, Mason and Ellis streets,
at 8 o'clock," on "How Are We to Measure
Success?" This address opens the Asso
ciation Night School for Men for the sea
son. Complimentary cards of 'admission
may be secured at the association office.
How to Measure Success.
To the bakers and confectioners of San
Francisco, Oakland, Alameda and Berke
ley: Big general mass meeting of the
Bakers' and Confectioners' International
Union No. 24 Sunday. September 23, at 12
o'clock, at Turk-street Temple, 115 Turk
street, S. F. All those not belonging to
theHmlon are cordially Invited to join. By
request of the union. E. Schaerer, Sec \ *
Attention I
The Supervisors* Judiciary Committee
reported adversely yesterday to the peti
tion of Christian Helling for the Issuance
to him of a deed for a certain portion of
the lands within the lines of Serpentine
avenue. The City Attorney was requested
to issue an* execution and. sell the Moun
tain View property belonging to' A. C.
WIdber and the Assessor was directed to
ascertain its value.
No Right to Serpentine Avenue.
The alleged iron-stone pipe sewer ring
was broken yesterday by Frank Arnold,
who ' secured- from the Board of Public
Works the contract for building a sewer
In Eighteenth street, near Utah street;
for $272. Fllnn & Treacy's bid was $442."
The contract for building a sewer in Leav
enworth street, between Francisco and
Bay streets, was let to Fllnn & Treacy
for $S22 50, there being no other bidder.
Sewsr Contracts Let.
Board of Public Works Notifies Mar
ket-Street Company to Act
Immediately.
. The Board of Public Works notified H.
H. Lynch, superintendent of construction
of the Market-street Railway Company,
yesterday that all its unused tracks must
be removed immediately from the public
streets. The tracks in question are located
on Montgomery avenue from Filbert to
Greenwich street: crossing of Powell
street and Montgomery avenue; along
Montgomery avenue to Mason street;
along Maf^on street to Bay street, single
track: Bay street from the east side of
Powell to Taylor street; Market street
from Second street to the intersection of
Sutter street, north side, single track;
Stockton street from the crossing of
"Washington, thence northerly twenty feet
beyond the crossing of Pacific street, sin
gle track; from the crossing of Stockton
street, thence along Pacific street to
?Montgomery avenue, single track.
With regard to the track on Market
street from Second street to Sutter the
Market-street Company states emphatic
ally that it cannot be forced to remove it.
It asserts that the track is a continuation
of the tracks running from^ Eighth street
to Sansome which were forcibly removed
by order of Mayor Phelan in 1898.
OEDERED TO REMOVE
ALL UNUSED TRACKS
Dr. Markbrelter was no disappointment.
He Fpoke in German and waj« incessantly
Interrupted by the cheers and noisy appro-
La tion of his hearers. He discussed na
tioral issues intelligently and with unfail
ing logic. He arra'pn^d the Democracy
for its many eins against a rational na
tional policy and pleaded the suffrages of
GERMAN Republicans h^d a most
rr.thisiastic mass meeting last
r.icht in Metropolitan Ha'.!. The
.'T.r.ouricement that L>r. Edward
Markbreitor of Chicago, one of
tfc* most elo'jufr.t German orators in
America, would be the pp^ak^r of the
evenir.g drc-w a crowd far larrrr thjin the
wather warranfd. Th** hall »h? lx>au
tifully adorned with flaps, banners and
hrroic pictures of President McKinley.
1~l\* hr.r.ner of the German-American Re-
I>uMlcan Club, under whose direction the
needsc was held, floated from the stage
Ix-neath a brilliant canopy of red, white
and blue.
The president of the evening, -Charles
! Bunascnu, spoke eloquently in German on
j me Issues of the campaign, particularly
: in reference to the application of these
i issues to the Interests of German citi
i zens. A new era, he declared, is open
! ing for the Uslted States and for the
• splendid Institutions of the republic. A
1 masrnlflcent policy of expansion and pro-
I sreas has been Inaugurated by the Rcd!:?)-
his hparors for the Republican party and ;
President McKInley.
When the meeting was called to order
th»? following vice presidents, some of
whom were not present, were announced:
.C.3us . P. . N. LUicnthal, E. A.
Denfc k«\ C H. Hcde. H. B. Ku&s. F. W. Dohr
::.ai:n. John L.- Koster,- L»»vi i?trauFS. WillUm
ilut*. F. Tillman Jr.. George L.uchs!nger,
Jol.n 1>. Blebe, Ru<loli,h Mohr, U. Kpmens
jjcr£er, I. \V. H< Hni.-ir.n, WillUm Khrenpfurl,
Oe-iige T. Vpli, L. >uin Sloes, Charles E. llan
¦cn. John I>. Paul Kiefer, Carsl«Mi
Ulldetormadt, E. L. Hurier, Charles Wollpert,
Charles Kk-in, K. F. Krorp. Henry Kohler, 1.
L. Ettling'T, N. C Langrtlir, • F. M. Freund,
M. Kfcrman, William MoBen, Albert Hunsen,
W. H. Toej.ke, S. Silverberg, H. J. Urauerholz.
N. Ohlandt. 11. llomrnann, C. Meebe. Mugu
licthschild. E. .T. Kruse, S. Nickelsburg. A.
iJrufker, Hul'o L>. Keil. George Greenzwei*;,
Otto l>unker. Frederick Livers. \\ llliai.i
WCitsch, 1 i.i;:i..in Sachs, J. \V. Van Bergen,
B. A. Leiker, N. Franklin, II. Geilfuss, H. G.
tJcrdts, U. F. A. HerUit, William JLoewy, p.
Johiinniren. l-'rcdorick Ilaachen, M. Tledeman
br., John uuen. Adolpli Meyer, John l'lath,
E. A. Fisciicr, A. ileunisch. H. J. Ebbims
haueen, H. hhutt. Lo'uiu Hrunig, Herman F.
Muilrr. V.'ill.am Wolff, J. Jacobson. lienry
bchipper. Max - Ludwig, JL.. Nonneman, Adam
Lbn. M. Greencbiuin, Lionel Heyneman, H. L.
biraoii, Daniel Uiock, J. Frank, F. Habenichl,
L. i Feldman, . H. tppinger, F. Kronnenberg,
K. O;«it.-i. ill, J. \\ ollncr, S. Hosenbaum, C
Locsch, Otvu Lang, Henry Meyer, M. Joosi,
li. A. fcUminann. Juhn Muller, Henry Haas, J.
Jahn. John Jt*oi>e, John Schlichtman, Paul
Jiellman, John li *o. J. Wrede. M. Fedde, It.
Hedecker. J. Hiliunsch, M. Lencftid, Charles
Paul. Louis Marcus, Adam Bteiini, Dr. Ueorgt.
L. Lrucker, Charles Uresner, Charles Helm,
Philip - Funcke, Herman <J. iichweslnger,
Geoffc-e MieUlmg, Robert Barth. H. C. F. Slant,
li. fepeyer, Claus Mangels, C. Bosse, Henry
kunz. A, F. Merten, A. G. Hagedorn, Freder
ick Sdeyer, Louib Hoffman. -William Meneke,
Al. tScndhelmer, George H. bahra, L>. 11. Faktor,
1 . Koment, C. H. Neuhaus, Louis Ha&ke, Her
man F. Aluiler, William H. Gercke, J. F.
Piajsemaxm. Geurge A. Rtltz, Charles 'i'raniner.
Jrrtu«.nck Wwrner.A. J. Ksberg. Dr. K. O.
Jtl!inek. 6, liachman, William U'ankoweki,
charits Samuel?, F. H. Maas, Julius Jacobs,
L». A. Helbing. L.. Altschul, August l\ Meyer,
H. iieyneniai.n. C. M. Bi«?drioir, A. C. Hiiiz,
C tf. .Lnum«-i«-ier. William Plagemo.nn, A. U.
biireckels, Frederick Buvckmann, Hamuel ;3uss
tuan. D. Block, JJr. Martin Hegensberger,
' ;.<ui-s Zinkanu, Nathan Utbo, L. Guggenhime,
P. .\!atia>-ib.iuni. Dr. A. Abrams, Frederick
KlEi'.imiaciitr, - Kmlle Woenne, William Her
mann, M. A. Bmneau. Ernest Brand, M. C.
t?«ot», 8. \V. Levy> Ur. W, C. Eidenmuller,
Hermann Joost, Max Kaehler. William Lewis,
11. Ku11:iih:i, as. Schweitzer, -Marcus M. Blum,
cnaxles Hlrsch, A. Grimm, Dr. D. Cohn, L.
i'ockwitz, William Uirennsui, M. Holje, K. E.
ticbuJz, .N. H. Frank, J_>r. J. O. HinjCRfolder,
F. Za.n, L. KoeiK-h. U. lloth. Albert Meyer,
J. Scboenfeld. G. fcehnell, a. sineideman, John
L&ckmann. Kritx Att.nger, John F. Bolts, M.
H. Hecht, George C. Groezinger, Leon Slots,
C. Niemier. E. Algeltinger, K. J. Koster. Dr.
JL. Aroneteln. K. C. Kalben, C. K. Fredericks.
Fritz Gercke, Iiugo Herzer, F. H. Siebe, O. A.
'lolle, Jacob Levi. E; C. Priebrr. Dr. E» \V.
Westphal, H. Kirechman, Leon camuels, E. ti.
.Salmon, Albert Meyer, T. H. Frolich. Charles
A. Gr»;n, Carl F. Idetzner.
DR. EDWARD MARKBREITER WARNS THE GERMAN REPUBLICANS
OF SAN FRANCIS" :O NOT TO BE MISLED BY THE DEMOCRATIC
APPARITIONS OF IMPiihlALISM AND MILITARISM
Robbed by a Chinese Servant
Mrs. McKenney. who conducts a lodg
ing house at IS Ellis street, yesterday
reported to the police that a Chinese ser
vant, who was employed by her, had
stolen $25 belonging to her son. The money
was under the pillow of a bed in which
her son slept.
Further argument on the application of
Abble Rose Wood for a family allowance
from the estate of the late Joseph M.
Wood was heard by Judge Troutt yester
day. Judge O. P. Evans, who represents
decedent's children, cited' authorities
which he contended supported his theory
that the marriage of the claimant and
Joseph M. Wood in Nevada was illegal.
Attorney Timothy J. Lyons, who repre
sents the claimant, will conclude the ar
gument on Tuesday.
Nevada Marriages in Issue.
To show that tha amount of the tax rate
should be fixed only after the full amount
of the assessment roll has been ascertain
ed and after the State rate has been lev
ied, instead of in June, as the charter
provides, McCarthy quotes other de
cisions.
If the tax levy contains an illegal item such
item will not invalidate the levy as to other
items if the levy la so made that the Illegal
Item may be separated from the other items
of the levy.
Supervisor McCarthy has been unearth
ing Supreme Court decisions in support of
his contention that the tax levy of $1 127
for municipal purposes should have been
re-enacted by the Board of Supervisors
last Monday. McCarthy claims that the
item of J2S0.000 in the budget to be raised
for^payment of interest and sinking funds
on 'the park panhandle and other bonds is
clearly illegal. The charter Itself pro
vides that no tax shall be levied except
for outstanding debts. These bonds, says
McCarthy, have not yet been issued and .a
taxpayer is at liberty to pay his taxes
under protest, which will involve the city
in endless litigation. On this subject a
Supreme Court decision entitled James de
Fremery et al vs. Alexander Austin says:
Contention That Last One
Was Illegal.
McCarthy Quotes Law in Support of
DECISIONS ON FIXING
MUNICIPAL TAX LEVY
E. S. Salomon brought the meeting to a
close with a few words, and three hearty
cheers were given for McKinley and
BoosevelL- .'V. ;
With McKinley's election the insurrec
tion in the Philippines will end. Bryan Is
the only tjope of the Filipinos, and with
his defeat will come their submission. If
voters be honest they will ask nothing
more than McKinley's letter of acceptance
to convince them that he deserves their
votes. In conclusion the speaker paid a
tribute to Congressman Kahn and urged
for him the votes of the audience.
¦In order to cloud the minds of voters the
Democrats have raised the cry of impe
rialism and militarism, but no one has
been deceived or will be. deceived by this
howl of false prohpets. Americans pos
sess too much intelligence, are too thor
oughly Informed on the progress of cur
rent affairs to heed what they know to be
notoriously . false. By no permission of
American voters, said the speaker, will
the Bryanites be allowed to talk them
selves into office. For in this campaign
the voters of the Union have a solemn
duty to perform. They are called upon to
continue in his high station a man who
has proved himself to be a worthy succes
sor of Abraham Lincoln. This man, Wil
liam McKinley, has undertaken a task
which means much to the American peo
ple and Americans in duty bound must
permit him to finish It.
Bryan, the speaker said, has forced
down the throats of his followers his
absurd ideas on silver and his constitu
ents-have tamely submitted to his com
mands. They protested against his ab
surdities, but his insistence forced their
obedience. In keeping with their policy
cry of calamity they welcome any disas
ter, commercial or Industrial, as a cam
paign weapon to be used for more than
it is worth and to encourage rather than
allay national or sectional unrest. In this
they prove themselves enemies of their
country and dangerous to its welfare.
Dr. Edward Markbreiter was then In
troduced and was received with cheers.
He ppoke at length, but so eloquent were
his words and convincing his arguments
that when he had finished his hearers
urged him to go on. On the Republican
side, he said, in this campaign are the
men who stand for prestige abroad and
prosperity at home; for peace, progress
and happiness at home and dignity
abroad- On the Democratic side are the
forces of disintegration, of dissolution, of
political disease and death. It is they
who are striving to pull down the national
structure, to destroy the place we have
won among the nations and bring dis
tress and commercial disaster to the peo
ple of the nation.
Congressman Kahn then reviewed the
leading issues of the campaign, enunciat
ing Republican beliefs In reference to
imperialism, militarism, monopolies and
trusts. "If the policy of the Republican
party means," he said, "that the United
States shall become a world power, then
in God's name let the United States be
come a power of the world."
Congressman Kahn quoted from Demo
cratic writers to prove that under the ad
ministration of Republicans misery an.l
want have given place to plenty and abun
dance. Wise tariff legislation has protect
ed the employer and employe alike. Fac
tories and mills, industries of all sorts
and conditions have been revived and re
established upon a healthy basis, which
every American citizen should strive to
susiain. The speaker predicted a splendid
victory for the Republican party, as he
believes that the good sense of voters
will inevitably prompt thern to cast their
votes for that party which means pros
perity.
With the advent of William McKirley.
he said, the nation has progressed within
and prospered without. Its people are
employed and contented, its name is re
spected abroad and its fame now among
the nations of the world is greater than
ever before in its history. Do the Ameri
can people wish a change to the dark
days of commercial and industrial de
gression? Most assuredly they do not.
Congressman" Julius Kahn was then In
troduced and was received most gener
ously. The audience arose to their feet
and cheered again and again. The Con
greEsman could have asked no more elo
quent proof of his popularity, and when
silence was restored he spoke logically,
interestingly and eloquently of the issues
of the campaign.
The very fact, said Congressman Kahn,
that so many men and women had assem
bled on such a night, oppressive in Its
heat, was a promise and a sign that the
German citizens of San Francisco are de
termined to labor for the principles which
mean prosperity for the country. The
speaker begged his hearers to look back
four years to the time when the Democ
racy was in power, when men were
crying in vain for work, when
Coxey's army was on the march,
and distress ruled the land. Then
came the victory of the Republican party
and the election of William McKInley.
Conditions changed: where the desolation
of idleness had been was the hive of In
dustry; where cries for work had been
heard was now the hum and happy mur
mur of busy workers.
llcan party, he declared, and It is the duty
of every citizen to Indorse the efforts and
sustain the measures of that party.
"We are naturally a conservative people,
he said, and we do not like unnecessary
changes. "We have a double reason,
therefore, to support the administration
of President McKInley. Not only this,
but as honest American citizens we are
bound to do all in our power to return
him to the Presidency. The Democrats
accuse us! the speaker said, of being
guilty of imperialism, militarism, monop
oly, fostering of trusts and even of the
bubonic plague. We will plead guilty of
everything which has been conducive of
the best interests of the American peo
ple, which has brought prosperity and
happiness. Of nothing else Is the Repub
lican party guilty. ""
man laws.
The Frankfurt sailed for China from
Germany with 1400 troops on board. After
the soldiers had disembarked the trans
port started back for this port. She was
seventeen days out and arrived yester
day, resting at anchor off the Folsom
street wharf last night. On the last days
of the voyage rough weather was en
countered. The sailors labored hard to
keep the vessel right and when the Golden
Gate was sighted and land made the of
ficers showed their appreciation of the
men's services.
Beer flowed from keg and bottle. It
was an hour of jollification. Most of
the men remained sober, but a few of
them suffered from an overindulgence.
Five oilers became mutinous. They fought
and quarreled and attempts to pacify
them were met with violence. The of
ficers of the vessel tried to reason with
the men, but they refused to take any
orders 'or heed maritime discipline. One
of the men then made a vicious attack
upon the second engineer. Most of the
sailors were then called from the deck
and were ordered to subdue the mutinous
mob.
There was a rush down the companion
ways ajid the husky mariners fell upon
each man who was drunk and quarrel
some. The officers then gave the order
to place the oilers in irons. This Instruc
tion was carried out to the letter and the
five rebellious ones were carried down Into
the hold of the vessel.
The transport's officers then considered
sending for the local police and having
the men taken ashore. The men, how
ever, by this time had sobered consider
ably and expressed regret for their rash <
actions. It was finally decided to liber
ate them and pass the incident up to the
German Government for investigation.
The Frankfurt was formally chartered
by the German Government but a few
weeks ago. It was the original Intention
of the Government that she should ply
between Germany and China and carry
troops only, but these plans were altered
and when the vessel arrived in Chinese
waters she was ordered to San Francisco
for a cargo of horses. The transport
carries 102 men.
Officers of the Ship Liberate the Men,
Who Were I>runk, After a
Few Hours of Con
finement
Shortly after the German Government's
transport Frankfurt sailed Into the harbor
last night five men were placed In irons
for mutinous conduct. While in an in
toxicated condition they refused to take
orders from their superiors and one of
them made an attempt to assault U.
Chrlstek, the second engineer. The of
ficers of the vessel, after some delibera
tion, decided not to call upon the local
police for an adjustment of the difficulty
and the men were released, after they
had been several hours In confinement.
The matter will be reported to the Ger
man Government and the rebellious sail
ors punished In accordance with the Ger-
Oilers on German Vessel
Frankfurt Mutinous in
the Harbor.
SAILORS PLACED
IN IRONS ON THE
ARMY TRANSPORT
Consensus of Opinion Is That Condi
tions Imposed on Valley Road
Are Favorable to Muni
pality and State.
A conference was held yesterday In the
Mayor's office for the purpose of consider
ing the proposed new lease of China
Basin to the San Francisco and Ban
Joaquln Valley Railway Company. Mayor
Phelan. his attorney, D. C. Murphy; Cap
tain A. H. Payson of the Valley road.
Colonel Mendell and A. B. Magrulre. Com
missioners of the Board of Public Works;
Assistant City Engineer Morser, Super
visors Dwyer, Connor, Curtis and Braun
hart were present at the conference. The
Governor and Mayor are members of the
Board jjf Harbor Commissioners, for pur
poses of leasing State property, and their
signatures are necessary to make the
lease valid. After a long discussion It
was decided that the conditions named ;
In the new lease were In every respect
more favorable to both the city and State
than the torms of the old lease, which the
company desires to surrender.
By the terms of the old lease the rail
road company is to expend $300,000 for
the construction of a seawall in front of
China Basin, the seawall then to revert
to the State after the State na«l built the
seawall southerly C0O0 feet to the north
erly eid of China Basin and also 2300 feet
beyond China Basin. By the terms of
the new lease the State is to take the
outside portion of the company's seawall
for a distance of 100 ftet after it has com
pleted its own seawall, from Mission
street to China Basin . ji distance of 600«
feet. The net result will be that the Val
ley road, by getting one-half of the sea
wall, gets five acres more than by the old
lease. As an offset the State will not
have to build 2300 feet south of the basin,
at a cost of $250,000.
The lease was read by the Mayor, and,
as he regards its terms favorable to the
interests of city and State, he will
undoubtedly sign it. He directed Assist
ant City Engineer Morser to secure in
formation regarding the streets in the
vicinity of the basin, and after being en
lightened his Honor will meet with the
Haibor Commissioners, who have already
approved the lease, for the purpose of af
fixing the official signatures thereto.
Mayor Pbelan Calls Them
in Consultation on the
Subject.
CITY OFFICIALS
APPROVE LEASE
OF CHINA BASIN
GERMAN REPUBLICANS ASSEMBLE
IN MASS-MEETING TO HEAR A
TRIBUTE TO THEIR CAUSE
Dr* Edward Markbreiter of Chicago Gives an Eloquent Exposition
of National Issues and Makes a Plea for the Policy
Which Means Prestige and Prosperity* ,^ r
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER . 22, 1900.
14
Spec/a/ Bargains Saturday and Tuesday.
FREE ! FREE ! FREE!
4 lbs Best Granulated Sur&r
Free to every purchaser of
3 lbs Our Best Mocha and
Java Coffee for $1.
FINEST CREAMERY BUTTER, square 43c
Fine Butter is our motto.
3 scuares $1 30. Regular 55c
BEST CITY EGGS, doz 30c
What U best Is best at all tlxs«a.
Our eKs are gathered daily from
the Mission. Regular 40c.
PETALUMA RANCH EGGS, doz 22Kc
Guaranteed. Regular 27%c.
SINGAPORE PINEAPPLE, can 12w c
In e'xtra syrui>, sliced. Rezular
25c can. Limit 3 cans.
GKIRARDELLI'S COCOA. H-lb can 20c
Limit 2 cans. Regular 23c
I. W. HARPER'S WHISKEY, bot 83c
Received sold medal at Paris
1900. Resrular 11 25.
SAPOLIO. 4 cakes 2 3c
Limit 50c.
MACARONI VERMICELLI, box 20c
Spaghetti. Regular 25c.
IMPORTED GINGER ALE. doz $1.20
From Corry & Co.. Belfast.
Regular |l 53.
PARIs EXTRA CHOICE NEW CORN I2*C
This sugar corn' is the finest
that ever came from Portland.-
Me. Resrular 20c can.
J1UILE D'OLIVE, H gal 85c
Imported from Marseilles. France.
Pure and tood. Regular $1 25.
Send for Monthly Price List. Free.
Country Orders Promptly Attended Ta
Freight paid by us when with 100 mile*.
1348-1354. MARKET STREET.
Odd. 7th. Phone S, Z3Z. Jfo Branca Stores.
Dr. M; J.-Fottrell has resumed practice
at rooms 17 and 19. Phelan tullding. •
Big Sale.
White Stone China
Caps and Saucers. 7ct»
Dinner Plates 6ct»
nowl»-all kinds 8 ct«
Pitchers ... Set* and mcU
Breakfast Plates 6cts
Meat DIftheA...8ctsandi2ct»
Wash Basin 4 4ct»
Tea rots 3«ct»
Soap Dlanes 8ct»
Toilet <9et...~~~ set 1,40.
. Chambers 3*cU
Wash Bowl and Pitcher
set 88 CtS
We are Cutting Prices
all to Pieces During Oar
Big Clearance Sale.
Great Araerican IsmortiDir Tea Co.
210 Grant are., bet. Sutter ana Post,
gfil Market St.. opd. Powell »t.
62 Market st.. June. California.
OUR BRANXII STORES EVERYWHERg.
DRMCNULTY.
THIS WELL-KNOWN AND RELIABLE OLD
L specialist on-tf Blooi Poison. <4onorrhCBa,GI«>t.
i^. t , r *U a^r* t "»>,^ e&knesn. Im potrnct> nnd their
a!!ie<l Disorders, lioolc en Diseases of Men, tre-.
?,17< Mf^V*^" 10 * T'"!" reasonable. Hoars |
tatton free and sacredly confidential. Call or address
»« . f-K«WOB acM'LTY, 31. D.
2OS Kearny St., Wan FrapftUco.OL
Weekly Call,$1.00 per Year
HOSIERY AND COSSET SALE AT
TO-DAY.
Women's best quality Egyptian Black
Hose, worth 20c; sale price... \"Z x k*i pair
"Women's silk finished Hose, double heel
and toe: regular- 25c value: sale price
17<; pair
Women's Hose, silk and lisle finish, me-
dium weight: regular price 35c: sale
price 2«*»c pair
Women's Hose, white feet, worth 25c; sa'e
price 15c pair
Every pair of Hose we sell is full
finished and warranted fast black.
Children's Hose, lxl. ribbed, medium or
heavy weight, double knee, heel and
toe, usually sold three pairs for 50c: sale
price 12%e pair
Children's and Misses' Silk Finished Hose;
regular price 25c; sale price. ...XTc pair
Children's Extra Heavy Bicycle Hose, ex-
treme length; regular price 25c: sale
price 18c pair
Sizes of Children's Hose are from 5 to 10;
one price for any size.
Just opened— one case of imported
Women's Hosiery, consisting of all
that's new In stripes, dots and figured
effects. Later In the season these goods
will sell at 75c to $1 a pair. To-day our
price is 50c pair
CORSETS. -:
756 French Corsets, made of best sateen, on
sale at »"»Oe
11.00 extra short Corsets: does not confine the
hips: sale price 73c
$1.25 'Corsets; all the prominent makes; differ-
ent lengths and shapes: sale price !>Sc
$1 75 R. & G. ar.d P. & N. Corsets in manv
styles at $1.25
$2.50 Corsets, long, medium or short length:
sale price $1.75
SILK WAIST" SPECIAL
To-day we "place on sale a new line
of beautiful Silk "Waists, made of
best taffeta, trimmed -with, cord-
ings, tuckings and pleats. These
waists are sold elsewhere from
$5 OO to ?6 5O ; our price to-day
i S . : •_ : _. . $3.75
SPECIALS TAKEN AT RANDOM
Cashmere Waists, newest trimmed effects;
waist and sleeves lined; worth $2.25; sale
price "..".; 91.50
$1.00 quality Moreen Skirt, trimmed with 10-
inch ruffle of accordion pleating; sale price..
v... - «»*>c
75c Pulley Belts; made of double face satin:
at • 5f>e
$1.50 Flannel Wrappers at .....OSc
Our Children's and Infants' wear depart-
ments, contesting of all the latest novelties In
Cloaks, Jacket*. Headwear. Dresses. etc.,
nevtr was so packed with stylish and service-
able goods at popular prices as now.
1212-1214 MARKET ST.,
' ; Bet. Taylor and Jones.
Store closed Monday, Ssptember 24.
Hale j^_ I 5^'i- —
IjSSS^ som ething for I
0 *f you'll take an inventory of your needs y
If <?. vj; in any of the lines of merchandise we have l%
H jF^S^BL to se M an^ come to tne s t° re to-day you'll M
g —vso^i* - sur prised how much farther your §
1 money will go right now than ordinarily. |
p so determined are we to close out S3
H everything possible before we leave the H
I old store that we have reduced a regiment fjjj
H of prices to a very low point to arouse 5
|| instant and intense interest, our windows U
m and counters tell the story — the evidence jj
H of your own eyes is the most convincing y
I argument that we can offer. 3
§ J_— kid gloves j
H 'fT^ft^in th * s department is crammed full of econ- |
I V ( '®f]f omies. we are ardent believers in constant f«
i improvement, and these kid gloves illus- H
i W^^^" trate the idea, they are better in every |
1 way than we have before offered at equal •
H^™ "¦""¦ """¦ """¦¦ ladies' two-clasp real ladies' real mocha C
ra French suede pique gloves, in all the correct 1
|J gloves, in all the new shades of gray and mode I
El pastel shades of mode — — also black — just J the g
|| the latest novelty in a glove for street, driving M
4| dress glove — perfect fit- and wheeling — sizes -^ H
m ting— per pair...? 1 - 50 to 7— per pair...$l«O° «|
I beautiful millinery §
U the style, accuracy and beauty of the |i]
U • Hale millinery, next to the little prices, are gj
H its chiefest charms, we show the millinery g
1 ________ conjurings of our own artists side by side H
|~"~""~"^=S|p^" with those emanating from the great style- Q
1 setters over the sea. every hat in the col- I
I |r^*^}^*5& lection has that touch of indescribable 1
I something" so indispensable to women of |
1 1*5^$ critical tastes, if you want to keep in touch
I *^£S^PHPv with the latest ideas in the millinery world
I ' f* \ come and see us. you're welcome.
B ¦*~-— — MM - new models added to the collection daily. '
The jgreat (f\
talking J^A
machine s^00!$
I Jessie Bartlett
Davis,
who is now sirginp nt thoOrpheutn,
ha? sung several of her favorite
sor.tfp for the Zon-o-phone and we
are in possession of these records.
Think of havinp a Zon-o-phone in
your homo and l>Hng able at any
time io icproduc* thp songs of Jes-
Fie Bartlett Davis, as well as many
other famous ar.lfts, such as Gian-
nini. Cowles. Ne-iison. etc.
Zon-o-phonos cost 515 00.S22 50 and
?:r. 00. -according to the finish. Flat
disc records uOc. Visit our Zon-o-
phone room.
Sherman, Clay & Co.,
Steinway Piano Dealers.
K Cor. Kearey an<J Cutter ets.. 8. T.
U Cor. JSth en<3 Broadway. Oakland.
U Cor. Sd «nd Morrison ets.. Portland.
3 Til Eecfind avr., gentl*.