PRICE FIVE CE^TS.
by, court-martial, yesterday. No new evi
dence was presented and the court decided
that it;wouldbe unjustified in pronounc
ing Bentenct) upon the prisoner, who, how
ever, will be held in the hope that f urthtr
Information will be ebtained.
PEKING. Sept. 22.— The lUnchu as
sassln of Baron von Ketteler, was tried
TRIED BY COURT-MARTIAL.
NOT TRYING TO TAKE LEAD.
Official Declares Germany Aims to
Restore Harmony.
. BERLIN. Sept. 2S.— An official of tha
Foreign Office to-day called attention to
a statement of a London paper that "tho
view prevails In the United States that
Germany, in issuing her recent note, wai
trying to take the diplomatic lead In the
Chinese question." This assertion he em
phatically denied, declaring that, on the
contrary. Germany was merely endeavor-
Ing by means of her proposal to restore
harmony among the powers.
"Conditions are not yet ripe." he said,
"for beginning negotiations, although the
only obstacle is China herself. The recent
acts of the Chinese Government shows
that It is still far from respecting the
will of the powers. If it should show a
change of spirit by delivering some of tho
guilty mandarins for punishment that
would be the time to talk of making
peace."
When the attention of the Foreign Office
official In question was called to the ex
treme difficulty of capturing the guilty
persons In such a vast country, even sup
posing that an agreement had been
reached as to who they are, he replied:
"It would not be necessary to catch
them all. It would be quite sufficient to
punish those who are the easiest to
catch."
CHINESE TEOOPS DISARMED.
Russian General Reports the Captura
of a Town In Manchuria.
ST. PETERSBURG. Sept. 2S.-Genera!
Agustoff has Rent the following dispatch,
to the War Office j
••Rennanltampf captured Klrtn, Beptem*
ber Zi, and established hla headquarter*
there, ' The Chinese troops were 41a>
armed."
"We discussed a scheme of advancing
the wages of all the men thronghout the
region at least 10 per cent. The powder
question ¦was also discussed, but we were
not prepared to give out any Information
regarding our deliberations on the sub
ject."
From another reliable source it was
learned that the presidents of the coal
companies In New York sent a draft of
the proposed settlement of the. strike to
their representatives here* with instruc
tions to meet In conference and discuss
whether it would be advisable to, make
terms with the strikers on the basis stat
ed. , This Involved a great deal of labor,
and caused- endleus discussion. Some of
the superintendents thought the Increase
A. Lathrop, general superintendent of
the Lehlgh Company, the chairman of the
committee of the coal operators of the
Lackawanna district, presided. After the
conference was over several operators
were asked for opinions, but. they, were
very reticent. Superintendent Lathrop
said:
WILKESBARRE. Pa., Sept. 2S.— An im
portant meeting of the coal operators of
the Wyoming and T.ackawanna valleys
was held at the office of the Lehlgh Val
ley Coal Company in this city to-day. All
the representatives of the big coal com
panies with collieries in this section wero
present. The only Individual coal pro
ducers present were Coxe Brothers. ¦.>'•¦•.•
Discussion of the Scheme to Advance
Wages of Miners. , "^
MEETING OF COAL. OPERATORS.
All eyes were turned toward New York
In expectancy of some important an
nouncement from there.
Meantime the strike loaders are con
tinuing the efforts to Induce the working
miners to join In the 'strike. Quiet pre
vailed to-day throughout the mine re
gion.
President Mitchell of the United Mine
wnrkers is retictnt on the general ques
tion of accepting a 10 per cent Increase
without other concessions and declined to
be interviewed on that point.
petition of bituminous coal was now too
sharp.
• "This has been- the greatest .Industrial
contest between labor and capital In" tha
It was probably the most Inactive day
that President Mitchell and his ; official
staff have spent ; since the strike began.
That President Mitchell Is waiting for In
formation from New York cannot be de
nied, for he Intimated several times dur
ing the day that somethingmight develop
before night. In the, forenoon he had two
lengthy conversations over the long dis
tance telephone, and .between _4. and 5
o'clock he was. at- the wire for more, than
a half-hour. To whom he talked he de
clined to say. When,- he was pressed to
say something on the general strike ¦ situ
ation he said:
' HAZLETON, Pa.. Sept.; 2S.—Notwith
standing the rumors of settlement and of
concession upon the part of the operators,
there was no change- in" the great : coal
strike situation here to-daj-.
Talking Over the Telephone.
President Mitchell Doss Considerable
From what could' be, learned the oper
ators were not opposed .to granting a re
duction In the price of powder, but there
was a strong feeling expressed against an
out and out recognition of the Miners*
Union. A stenographic leport of the meet-
Ing was dispatched to New York in chaige
of a special messenger.
WAITING FOR INFORMATION.
It is 1 reported that *.he representatives
of the Lackawanna Company, after groins
over the operating expenses of their mines
In this, district, were of the, opinion that
they could stand the increase.
Tho president of one of the big com
panies In New York, who was called' up
by long-distance telephone £or his views
on this point, is said lo.have stated that
he did not think an increase in the price
of coal could be entertained. Bituminous
coal is too sharp a competitor now and
an Increase in anthracite would be to the
advantage of the bituminous article. The
conference was asked to examine Into the
cost of mining coal and see If there could
not be a saving made somewhere in oper
ating expenses.
could not be granted without loss or an
advance in the price of coal. '
NIGHT SHIFT LEAVING THE WORKINGS AT SHAMOKIN.ON THE
DAWN OF" THE FIRST STRIKE DAY. INDICATIONS SEEM TO BE
THE STRIKERS MAY GAIN THEIR DEMANDS. •.-
and men killed and wounded. So many
men were lost in comparison to our smail
number that we felt weaker every day.
"While all the firing was going on we
were busy trying to drown the noise of it
with sewing machines. In this house we
have made thousands of sandbags, pot
exaggerating, for the fortifications. I
have even helped tr> fill them. Everybody
was put to work. Aunt Sarah (Mrs. Con
ger) used all her silk draperies and table
linen, new and old bedding, toweling and
every piece of new goods that we aa«J
for sandbags."
MRS. E. H. COXGER. WIFE OP
THE UNITED STATES MIN
ISTER AT PEKING.
The strikers here are jubilant over the
new turn in affairs and will gladly second
any reasonable concessions by way of
conciliation. John Germyn was the only
operator found willing to be quoted In the
settlement matter. He said it was Mark
Hanna ¦who was engineering the settle
ment,, and that he. (Germyn) did not ap
prove of allowing politics to Interfere, no
matter how much the politicians had at
stake. "It Is useless to kick, though," he
added. "Those New York fellows have
.the power. "We must simply fall In line."
Nothing would be given out by the local
operators as to what transpired at the
Wilkesbarre conference, to-day further
than they discussed the proposed settle
ment. Action on' their part Is not called
for, they say, and If they are consid
ered in the matter at all It will only be.
out of courtesy. "Where New York leads
we must follow." one of them declared.
SCRANTON, Pa.. Sept. 2S.— Operators
here admit that Senator Hanna Is the cen
tral figure In the negotiations for a set
tlement of the strike, and while they pro
fess to be at sea as to the details they are
confident that he knows beforehand what
will be acceptable to the miners and that
whatever conditions he has exacted or Is
exacting from the coal men in New York
will be nothing less than what would be
fully "satisfactory to the miners. This
confidence is greatly heightened by a gen
erally credited story that the delay in
Issuing the strike order was to give Pres
ident Mitchell time to Interest Senator
Hanna In the efforts at effecting a settle
ment. ,
Figure in Negotiations.
ENGINEERING SETTLEMENT.
Operators Say Hanna Is the Central
A large parade of miners from the sur
rounding towns was to be held in Hazle
ton to-morrow, but the Mayor refused to
permit It to take place. lie would give
no reason, but it Is believed he took this
step to avoid disturbances.
Quietness continues to prevail through
out the whole Lehlgh Valley region. The
J. S. "Wentz & Co.'s colliery at Hazle
brook shut down to-day, a body of 100
men having marched from Freeland to
that^place and induced the men working
in the Wcntz colliery to quit.
By the sliding scale is meant that the
wages are fixed. according to the market
price of coal. If there Is an advance In
the price the miners share in it, ami
should there be' a decrease the miners
correspondingly share such decrease.
"Under the sliding scale such an in
crease would practically amount to noth
ing. What the men would gain in one day
they might lose the next."
In discussing the reported 10 per cent
advance offered the mer> by the operators
Mr. Mitchell said: tr}V'.
hlstory of America. If the 10 per cent In
crease mentioned in the newspapers is
correct, while far from satisfactory, it is
the greatest victory eVer achieved by or
ganized labor and won under the most ad
verse circumstances; I. of course, have
nothing to ,say ; as to what action will be
taken as to the acceptance : or rejection
of any proposition: this must b« deter
mined by the whole body of anthracite
miners themselves. Our organization will
not make the mistake which has wrecked
many other organizations, of assuming
the power to determine through its of
ficers the happiness or misery, the weal
or woe, of the 500.000 men, women and
children dependent upon the anthracite
coal Industry for a livelihood."
PHILADELPHIA, Sept. 2S.— The
coal strike remains unsettled. Re
ports of a conference of mine
operators and of leading officials
cf the coal-carrying railroads
were plentiful. Beyond the general state
ment that the principal point under dis
cussion was the advisability or practica
bility of granting the mine-workers a 10
per cent advance in wages very little of
the details of the meeting could be glean
ed. The operators generally expressed the
opinion that the increase could not be
granted and the operating expenses met
unless there was an advance In the price
of coal.
The larger operating companies, how
ever, took rather a hesitating view of the
proposition to further increase the price
of anthracite, contending that the com-
There is a premise of many conferences 'before the strike of ihe coal miners
n the anthracite regions/of Pennsylvania is called off. Some of the larger operators
hesitate on the question of lrcreasir.g 'he price of anthracite coal, while the mine
workers may reiuse to accept an increased scale unless it is accompanied by
recognition of : heir union.
Coal Operators and Miners Have Not Yet Reached
an Agreement to End the Big Strike in
, Force in Pennsylvania'.
MANY CONFERENCES,
BUT NO SETTLEMENT
nila the Villalobos is under command of
Lieutenant Edward Simpson, son of th
late Hear Admiral Simpson; and Knsig::
I. X. Lsndis and Cadet Vincent are also
attached to her. The Villaiobos has a
displacement of "-J7 tons and an irma
rmm of two expounders and two maehi.':<-
Funs. Including the detachment at Boat:
. also located on the island of Marinduque.
O'lonel Anderson will have under hW
command nearly a full regiment wita
which to operate against t!ic insurgents
T»i:s force is ample, the war authorities
believe, to thoroughly purse the island
of t^p Insurrectionary natives. The islani
Is small, only twenty-five miles in diam
eter and Colonel Anderson, who ha.
doubtless begun his campaign, will, It ts
expected, throw out skirmishers, and
¦when he has located the enemy drive hiro
Into the tea or effectively destroy his or
ganization. To prevent the escape of. tht
Insurgents In small boats Is the j object
cf the reinforcement of Colonel Anderson
bv the Yorktown and two other gunboats.
Th^se vessels xiill patrol around the isl
vaA and will cut off any of the insurgents
who attempt to seek safety either in Lu
zon or Mindoro.
The officers on duty at the War De
partment Insist that the Insurgents are
active at this moment for the purpobc
of siding Bryanlsm In the United States.
Fuch a victory will naturally be very en
r-nurapring to the Insurgents, not only ii:
the small Island of Marinduque. but ir
Luzon as well. The Insurgents In Luzon
ere displaying great activity and in vie?'
of the occurrence at Marinduque it Is ap
parent that this activity extends to ai:
points In the Islands where AgulnaldoV
agents have been able to secure recruits-.
By his statement that "all troops ex
pected Roon" General MacArthur is ex
pected to mean that he Is awaiting the
errlval of reinforcements . from China.
Undoubtedly he has heard from General
Chaffee and that officer has advised him
r.f the preparations made for their de
parture. Before beginning extensive op
erations In Luzon General MacArthur Is
understood to be awaiting the arrival of
further reinforcements. When all the
troops under orders arrive in Manila he
vlll have a command of more than 70,000
etrenff. It Is understood at the depart
ment that he will abandon some of the
Jk-naller point*", mobilizing .the <letach
r:;ents uarrlsonliyj them, and with larger
forces will begin operations for the pur«
j*m.«» of annihilating the insurgents In lha
eeveral districts in which <ho Island will
be divided, Each Independent command
will occupy a central position eo that It
will b« able to go to the relief ut a town
CALL BUREAU? WELLINGTON*
HOTEL. WASHINGTON. Sept
2? —Fifty-one men of Company F.
Twenty-ninth Volunteer Infantry,
have been killed or captured by
FiUpine?. This disaster, the worst
cf the Philippine rebellion, occurred in
the Island of Marinduque. situated in San
Bernardino Strait, between the island of
Luzon and the island of Mindoro. Ger
eral MarArthur has taken Immediate
e'.T5 to aver.ge the loss and to counter
act the raoral effect produced by the ln-
Eurgent success. He lias dispatched re-
Ir.forcements to the island and a vigorous
campaign is to be commenced at once for
the purpose of destroying the insurgents
B-.-i of effecting the release of euch Amer
icans as are held prisoners.
News of the disaster and of the purpose
? o begin active operations against the suc
rrcsful Filipinos Is contained in the fol
lowing dispatch received by the War De
partment to-day from Major General Mac
Arthur:
MANILA. Sept. 2?.— Adjutant General.
Washington: September 11 Captain Dever
r .x Shields, lifty-one men of Company F.
' R-enty-ninth Regiment United States
v ilunteer Infantry, one Hospital Corps
nn. left Santa Cruz, Marinduque, by
z :nl><->at Villalobos for Torrijcs, intend
:: s to return overland tp Santa Cruz
lave heard nothing since from Shields
Scarcely any doubt entire party eap
:ured, with many killed, wounded. Shields
.'rr.ong the latter. Information sent by
Vtter from commanding officer at Boat 1 ,
daied September 20. received September
24. consisted of rumors through natiw*
Yorktown and t»<» gunboats. George San
«er»-«n <onlonel Thirty-eighth Volunteei
ir.fantryt, two companies Thirty-eighth
Volunteer Infantry, sent to Marl:iduriu>
immediately. Anderson cor.lirms first re
7> rtf a5 tn capture, but unable. Sept em •
<.. r 27, to give details as to the present
whereabouts of Shields and party, namo.
ki'led and mounded. His Information
probably available soon. Anderson has
< rders to commence operations imme
diately ar.d move relentlessly until
Fl-.le'ds' party is rescued. Logan will b~
Fr, n t tn Marinduque. MacARTHUR."
Whether the Vlllalobo* is involved ir.
the disaster the department officials art
unable t-o say. Secretary Long said this
fift-rnoon that the fact that Re:tr Ad
miral Krmpff had failed to report her
-] r; , shows that she must be all ripnt. Ii
If likely, however, that if nothing is heard
from Admiral Kcmpff Long will deem it
expedient to cable him for particulars. Ac
crding to the last cablegram from Ma-
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Captain Devcreux Shields and fifty-one msn of the Twenty-ninth
Volunteer Infantry have been killed or are prisoners in the hands of
Filipino insurgents. This disaster to the American arms is considered
the worst since the outbreak of th? Filipino insurrection. It is fear<?d
that the gunboat Villalobos has also been captured by the followers of
Agriinaldo.
should the insurgents attempt to reoccupy
It. The rainy season has not yet ended.
nor will the country be sufficiently dry for
extensive operations before November:
but in view of the reverses buffered in
Marinduque it is considered absolutely
essential to prevent the augmentation of
the insurgent ranks by recruits who will
be encouraged by the successes of their
brothers in arms that active hostilities
should be resumed the moment General
MacArthur concludes that he Is strong
enough to do so. •
HOPE FOR BRYAN'S ELECTION
Filipinos Expect to Secure Independ
ence by Democratic Success.
IOLA. Ivans.; Sept. 2v— Charles F.
Scott, Republican candidate for Repre
sentative at large, has received a letter
from Ceneral Frederick Funston. dated
San Isidro, Luzon. August 6, in which he
"1 have command of four thousand sol
diers f-cattered over a considerable por
tion of Central Luzon. There are roads
to build, local civil governments to be es
tablished. supplies to be brought up and
distributed to various stations.
"There are bandits, plenty of them, to
bo suppressed, and you may rest assured
that we make short shrift of them. There
are still pome bands of insurgents out.
and, although they scrupulously avoid
contact with a force of our troops of even
one cjuarter of their number, they lie in
wait for small detachments and in a few
cases overwhelm thorn.
"I have run dov.-n and pretty severely
punished s-evrral of these outfits. But ex
terminating them -4s a pretty hard task,
because of the fact that when too clopelv
pursued they hide their riflss and scatter
to their homes. Our task is really in
creased by the fact that th"ey no longer
wear uniforms or any distinctive mifrk.
but use the dress of non-combatants of
the country. We have just got hold of
some more documents that would ma'.re
fine Republican campaign matter, and I
a:n having them translated. They are in
structions transmitted by Aguir.aldo to
his subordinates to keep up the fight until
the election, hoping that it may bring
Trout the defeat of McKInley. They say
their only hope of independence lies In
the election of Bryan.
"These documents are not to be con
founded with the onrs I sot last April,
in account of which capture appeared in
the paper?. Tho present are the product
of one Colonel Sandico. who is transmit
ting Agulnaldo's orders."
HOW FILIPINOS FIT BULLETS
Considerable Ingenuity Is Displayed
by the Insurgents.
WASHINGTON', Sept. 2S.— Colonel Clar
ence R. Edwards, chief of the insular di
vision in the War Department, has re
ceived a letter from an officer in the Phil
:ppineF which shows the ingeniou«nrs:<
of the Filipinos and the manner in which
they take advantage of everything in the
way of materials for carrying on the war.
Tho writer says:
"I have sent you a couple of rounds of
ammunition that I captured in a trench
the other day. At first glance it looks
;ik«» Mauser ammunition, but If you will
notice the marking? on the base you will
see that one Is K. C. and the other W. S.
A. ammunition, both 30 caliber. One is
a cartridge that some Eoldier dropped and
the other Is a reloaded shell. Both are
filed off fo that they will go Into a clip.
I tried them In a captured Mauser rifle
And they worked finely. The ammunition
that Is used In the Remington Is Just as
ingenious. They use anything from an
old 45-pIstol shell, or the shell of a 30-cal-
Iber, to a home-made shell from a tin
ran. Except In the Mausers, of which
:hey have only a few, they use black
r>owder and not very good at that."
The writer also relates some of his ex
periences with the Filipinos; He says
they are jrreat In getting on a hill, firing
n fpw shots and then petting away. The
country about him Is full of decayed
hrmp. making It very difficult for him to
ret through ¦with his men. Pursuit of the
Filipinos in small bands Is thus very un
satisfactory."
PICKED OFF BY SHARPSHOOTERS
Colonel Allen Reports on Operations
of the Signal Men.
WASHINGTON*. Sept. 28.— Lieutenant
Colonr-l James Allen, chief signal officer
In the Philippines, In submitting his report
of the operations of the s'gnal corps dur
ing the month of July says the most nota
ble feature of ihe month was the In
creased amount of line cutting, which
kept many men employed In repair work.
On the Island of Panay communication en
the eastern end of the Island has been
.abandoned, but It 1* expected the line will
be rebuilt. Twenty miles on the west
const have b*»eri destroyed. In Leyte most
r.f the v/lre put up has been torn down.
Many encountera with the Insurgents rc
«uttod werlnunly, nnd linemen are often
picked off by nhnrpshootera. ';
Owing lo tho fnct that bo much rebuild
tng and repairing hav« been necessary
but little new line has been constructed."
Followers of Aguinaldo on the Island
of Marinduque Deal Blow to
American Arms.
Captain Shields and Fifty-One Men Are
Captured or Killed by the
Insurgents.
MEET DISASTER
IN PHILIPPINES
life. E. H. Conger, wife of the United States Minister to China,
has written a most interesting account of the siege of the legations at
Peking. As this is the first connected story of the incidents of that
terrible experience it is of unusual interest.
DKS MOINES. Iowa. Sept. 2S.—Let
ters were received in Des Moines
yesterday from Mrs. E. H. Con
ger and Miss Mary Pierce, wife
and niece of the American Minis
ter to China. E. H. Conger of Des Moines.
and who. with him. went through the en
tire siege of Peking, which began early
in June and lasted for two months. Mrs.
Conger's letter is to her nephew. Edwin
Williams, cf the office of the Treasurer
of the State. The letter consists of an
eighty-page review of the whole siege.
Mrs. Conger's letter gives details of the
siege, occasionally revealing the despera
tion that began to show in the besieged
after many weeks had passed. They
hcaid. hov.ever. of the start of the res
cuers. The letter under the last date fol
lows:
"August 10. 1900.— Rejoice! Rejoice!
Wcrd from our coming troops, only forty
miles away! They are coming five thou
sand strong. Our hearts are full to over
flowing. Our food was going low. half
pound cf horse meat each day issued for
the foreigners, and dogs are killed for
Chinese to eat. Two of our horses have
born eaten ar.d there are two more left,
Laura's ar.d Mary's. Our mule Is work
ing daily, hence Is not liable to be kill
ed. Wong and the cook plan to get seme
thing for us to eat. One day meat was
low and Wong brought in two little Chi
nese sparrows fbr us whole. He said he
put some rice? on the floor and when they
came ir; he caught them. One cup of
fresh milk is brought in every day
now. Where he -gets it I do not know.
Boys and cooks exchange ¦with other boys
and coclts. What there is being taken
from .our *t"TO for" this" nitwit "" I do r*ot
know or care.
"August, 11 — Rejoice. lotider and still
louder! Comfrg troops are here. Such
joy and warm greetings you never saw
before. Oh., happy days! Most of these
brave men coming to our rescue have
ccme through, but with great loss and
si;?fering. Most of us arc still here, ard
yet our loss has been by far too great.
Last night the firing was terrific— worse
than anything we have had at all. Our
coming troops heard it. and when quiet
followed thought that they had been Just
too late. Many more such nights would
have tried us. They turned their big guns
on us again. But I am not going to write; ¦
1 cannot. Warm shakes of hands and
eyes filled with tears speak the language
of the heart better than words, and we
are such loving >brothers and sisters here,
giving thanks to our dear Father and
giving love and hope to one and all from
all.
"Our Laura, brave girl, has been grow
ing stronger during the prolonged siege.
We are free. The troops came in about 4
o'clock. Yells and cheers went up loudei
than did those of the Boxers.
"One aftTron Imagine our astonshmert
on learning that all the foreign Ministers
had received their passports. Instructing
them to leave within twenty-four hours-,
that the Government would furnish carts
and provisions and a large guard of Chi
nese soldiers to protect them. As the
railroad had been' destroyed It was neces
sary to go .through the country to Tien
tsin, which would have taken many days,
besides? more, than twenty-four hours to
prepare for it.
"The foreign Ministers replied tnat they
wanted an audience with the Tsung-li
Tamen '. the next morning at 9 o'clock.
But the Chinese are so slow that an an
swer to this request was not received until
4 p. m. In the meantime a great deal hap
pened.
"At 9 o'clock, no reply being received,
the German Minister. Baron von Ketteler.
said he was going to the yaroen anyway
because he had other business to transact
with the yamen. and he would be through
with it by the time the other Ministers
reached the yamen. He started with his
Interpreter, but a little way off Legation
street they were met- by a crowd of Chi
nese soldiers and the German Minister
was shot in the head. The interpreter
escaped to the .Methodist mission, re
ceiving severe wounds In the leg. The
chair coolies dropped the chair and ran
as soon as they saw the soldiers and the
Mafoo carre back to tell the news.
"Everything seemed.to threaten us that
day and everybody moved Into this lega
tion except some of the^ men connected
with the different legations and soldiers.
All the Austrian? and Belgians came m
here and our men. with the "Germans,
Russians. French, Italians and Japanese,
started to abandon the legations, but im
mediately went back.
"Uncle New (Minister Conger) stays at
the legation all the time, only coming
here for his meals. Aa soon as he leave*
tho men get discouraged and think an at
tack Is coming and they wtin't be able to
hold the legation. The Chinese soldiers
have become less friendly, and In taking
possenslon of the wall they placed a can
non and poured shot and «hell down Into
cur legation and Into the German lega
tion. It wa3 so hot that Captain Mayers
went' up on the wall with thirty men and
drove the Chinese back, killing fifty. The
Germans did the Bame thing,
"A horrible attack was made ens night
on the wall and every legation. It wa«
a last desperate resort. We were up
nearly all night. The Chinese had un-
Ifrmined the French legation and they
blew up several houses.
"Fortunately only one man was killed.
However, many, many Chinese were killed
by their own mine. It did not work as
they expected. By the mine explostcn tho
Chinese grained possession of over half the
French legation and burned the houses.
They were only a few feet away from our
"The French captured a Chinese soldier
and a coolie. They told some Interesting
news and asked many questions as to how
we were able to hold out and live. They
were surprised we could thrive so well on
horse flesh and rice, for they think borso
flesh is unhealthy. The coolie was sent
back to Chinese headquarters, and in tw>
days he returned with a message to SI?
Ciaudo Macdonald and Uncle Ed.
"Sometimes we frightened the Chinese
by their own handiwork. A United States
sai'or resurrected an old Chinese gun, put
it on the wheels of an Italian gun and
with careful management fired Russian
shells. It kicks terribly and is dangerous
to use. They call it the 'Internationa!
Betsy,' and although it doea not do s">
much good we are proud of it. The men
have also been at work making car
tridges. It is wonderful what every one
has done.
"The Chinese always do the unexpected.
They kept gradually working their way
arcund and drawing us until their firing
with shells and rifles was about ready
to make us give up. Houses were wrecked
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Brave Women Cheerfully Partook of
Coarse Food and Aided Men in
the Gallant Defense.
Mrs. Conger Writes of the Horrors
Endured by the Besieged
H AWQl OPT! QWP
rureigners.
FIRST STORY OF
PEKING'S SIEGE
SAN FRANCISCO, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 29, 1900.
VOLUME LXXXVIII-XO. 121.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.Murder In' the Second Degree.
BUTTE, Mont., Sept.' 28 — Thomai
Pooley, who' shot and killed his son-in
law. Thomas Littlejohn, and his daughter.
Mrs. Lltflejohn, on March 8 last, was to
day found guilty of murder in the second
degree.
Fellow citizens. I have given to this matter
many days and nights of anxious thought
much ,troubled by the perplexing alternative
before ua In the Impending election The
more- I think of it. the more does every droD
pf my blood revolt i at the monstrous wrone
we have done and continue to do; and the more
clearly does my reason tell me that the doI-
Icy of Imperialism has brought upon our re
public the greatest peril to the Integrity of
its free institutions, its peace. Its honor and
its true greatness that has ever befallen it
that conscientiously I can never, never con
sent to uphold that policy by helping to keen
In Dower those who wantonly originated »n.i
are now carrying it on: and that. as. an honest
man and an Americnn patriot. I am In dutv
bound to contribute my humble aid to what
ever gives us an assurance, or • even only a
reasonable hope, of Its overthrow. That dutv
calls on us all aloud. Let us then, come what
may. stand together with a good conscience
and unflinching courage for Truth, Justice and
Llbertr.xajaajha
What is there to be said against this? Tho
administration" party pretend that they sub
stantially, propose the same thine that Is Dro
poeed by their opponents— to give the islanders
a . stable government. But cannot every child
nee the vital difference between securing to
them a staple government under forlgn rule
which they are fighting against, and a stable
government under their own sovereignty, which
they are fighting for?
¦ A grievous wrong has been done to the Porto
Illoans by denying them their Just rights, and
to the'PhiHpplne Islanders by basely betraying
them and subjugating them with a bloody
hand. A wrong has been done to our own
people by violating the vital and conservative
principles of our republic, besmirching our
national honor. A wrong has been done to all
mankind by setting a bad example which dis
courages tho belief In the salutary efficacy of
democratic Institutions. We are bound to
repair that wrong even If It costs us some
thing. The first thing necessary . is that the
American people should not by their votes ap
prov# the wrongful acts by keeping those who
liave done them in the name of the republic
In places of power, thus encouraging them to
go on.' but should stamp the wrong done and
tho wrons-doers with the most emphatic vote
of condemnation. We should put In their
Places others that recognize the wrong: done
and are willing to repair It. The American
people should then. Insist that the Government
of this republic should do all In its power. In
stead of slaughtering those who fight for their
freedom and Independence to assist them In
formlnc an Independent government of their
own and take such measures to protect them
aralnst foreign Interference as may be re
culred. In one word, we ; should simply do
for them what we have promised to do for
the Deoi>le of Cuba. This is- what tho plain
duty of the American people demands— a duty
of honor and' patriotism. • ¦ • • • '
I have again and again challenged the Im
perialists to show me- In the whole history of
the. world a. slriKle act of perfidy committed by
any republic more infamous than that commit
ted by Mr. McKlnley's administration against
our Filipino allies, and I have received a*
answer but a sickly sneer.
President McKlnley's "benevolent assimila
tion" order of December 21, 1R38. was an open
and rude declaration of war against the Fili
pinos standing up for their freedom and Inde
pendence. • '
Mr. Schurz gave fan exhaustive review
of the incidents leading up to the war
with the Filipinos. He discussed Presi
dent McKlnley's letter of acceptance and
accused the President of evasion and con
cealment of the facts. He resumed:
Ihe truth Is that until two years asro this
republic did Indeed add to Its territory, but
never without the Intention and well-founded
expectation that the acquired soil would be
occupied by a population of our own, or at
least homogeneous with our own. and that It
would In course of time be formed Into regular
States of this union under our constitution. It
was, • therefore, not mere expansion of our ter
ritorial domain to be perpetually ruled by our
arbitrary will, but It was essentially an In
tended and in the course of time practical ex
tension of our constitutional system In entire
accord with the fundamental principles of our
democracy. - .-•«',:••
Let me say,, at. the start that I consider the
manner In which the imperialistic policy is
reins commended by some persons to popular
approval the hugest confidence same ever prac
ticed upon a free people. In my whole long
life I have nwer known of such systematic
use of distortion of history, hypocritical cant
garnling of documents and false pretense. I
am here to speak a word for truth and justice,
and in doing- so I shall call t nines by- their
right names. You will pardon me If
those names are not always of the
mildest, for I must confess when I wit
nessed some tit the means employed to lure
this great republic from the path of rlBhteous
ntss, high principle and glorious destiny, my
old blooi bollevl with indignation.
Carl Schurz was introduced and was
given another round of applause. He said
In part:
„!«!?! e w t0 - nl * ht t0 Protest against th*
violation of the constitution and to disassociate
ouraelves from blood guiltiness. All of us who
r,? n ve lr¥ f J e n homages to posterity wish to have
the Institutions ot our country unimpaired We
are aroused now when those with authority are
trying to become pirate» and emperors of terri
tory. The result of foreign conquest Is the Rain
™ a v and . the de ereeation of the people.
The harder a laborer works the better please-i
nre the monopolists. The Philippine war Is
•I, f r ?i atest fQ "y of any administration. We
will fall If we should gain the war. The Fili
pinos we cannot make citizens without harm
to ourselves, and we can never make them sub-
NEW YORK, Sept. 2S.-Cooper Union
was not large enough to hold the crowd
which came to-night to its doors to attend
the meeting of the Anti-Imperialist
League of New York. \
The crowd was a noisy one.* and before
the meeting was called to order cheered
for McKinley, Bryan, 'for the "full dinner
pal!" and for Debs. Carl Schurz was re
ceived with a tumult of cheers. Ernest
H. Crosby introduced the first speaker of
the evening. Anson P. Stokes, who said
in part \
The committee in charge have arranged
for eighteen speeches in this State to
morrow. At Phllippsburg a very large
crowd assembled, to which Governor
Roosevelt spoke briefly. Ills hearers
cheered roundly. At Smith Center there
we're many men and women on the plat
form and around the- station.
Apparently the entire population of
Mankato and surrounding districts had
assembled at the little station to see and
hear the candidate for Vice President.
At Bellville the Governor was taken
from the train and placed on a platform
near by. He spoke for ten minutes to a
very large number of listeners. Six or
seven hundred people had assembled at
Clyde. When the special train pulled In
there was a shout and a rush for the rear
platform. where Governor Roosevelt
stood. A short speech was made, and
when the train was moving off a rush
was made to shake hands, and several
womon and children were trampled and
injured In the rush.
LEBANON. Kans.. Sept. 2S.— Governor
Roosevelt's campaigning began here early
this morning. The first stop made by the
special train on its way to Kansas City
was at Jennings at 7 o'clock. Early as
was the hour, the New York executive
went out and spoke a few words to the
small crowd on the platform from the
rear end of the car. Norton was reached
at 8 o'clock, and there the Governor left
the train and was escorted to the plat
form in the open air, where he made his
second speech In Kansas. The stop there
was brief. Governor Roosevelt reminded
his hParers that in. 1860 Kansas had stood
for liberty in deed and not in name only
for that liberty that knows how to gov
ern Itself and. therefore, how to govern
others. He said they would be unworthy
sons if they did not try to maintain tho
heritage for which their fathers had shed
their blood.
At Prairie View the Governor was in
troduced from the rear end platform to
the crowd on the ground. He said:
"I am told that there is here a settle
ment from the land from which my an
cestors came. Is that true? (cries of 'Yes')
If you will let a Dutchman give a word
of advice I will give it. Out In the land
from which royancestor8»came they keep
the flood out by dykes. As you know,
Holland has been won from the sea. They
put the dykes up to keep the waters out.
Putting the dykes up does not make the
land prosperous unless the land Is culti
vated. The only way it can be cultivated
is to keep the water out. During the last
four yearn in this country we have been
putting up a big dyke to keep Bryanism
out. I hope no one is going to be foolish
enough to break down the dykes."
When the. train drew Into Junction City
a great surprise awaited the Governor
Drawn up in line on their horses were
Buffalo Bill s soldiers and Indians in cos
tume and a largo crowd of people. A
dozen or more of the soldiers were found
to have been members of Governor
Roosevelt's own regiment, who were with
him In Cuba. Cody's cannon and Gat
llng guns belched forth a salute to the
incoming train. When tho train stopped
Cody, in the picturesque dress of a pio
neer frontiersman, appeared at the rear
of the coach and. was warmly greeted bv
the Governor. After Governor Roosevelt
had concluded his remarks of a few min
utes' duration, he Introduced Cody to the
crowd. Colonel Cody said:
"Ladles and ¦< gentlemen, Governor
Roosevelt is the American cyclone, and- 1
don't wonder that some have taken to
their cellars. The Wild West Is here not
to .make political speeches. The' ticket
Governor Roosevelt represents is already
elected and all they have got to do is to
show down and take the pot. I have
with me members of Colonel Hunt's regi
ment. T have others who have belonged
to the Sixth and. Tenth Cavalry. I also
have with me some of the men who aro
the best soldiers from Great Britain and
the Continent. I came to Kansas as a
boy In 1853. I doubt If there is a man
within the hearing of ray voice who has
been here so long. My father gave his
blood and his life for the freedom of
Kansas. He stood between civilization
and savagery. Every mile of Kansas haa
been covered and won with blood. We
had to expand. Kansas Is -still -expand
ing. The State was then known as
'bleeding Kansas,' It Is no longer
•bleeding Kansas'; it is one of the great
States of the Union,"
HUTCHINSON. Kans.. Sept. 2S.-The
first day ir Kansas of the Roosevelt cam
paign was successful so far as audiences
and Interest were concerned. The meet
ings were larger and the interest greater
than at any time during the trip west of
the Mississippi River. The Kansas towns
appear to be turning out en masse, and
the country people are joining their forces
to the numbers and interest of those In
the towns. Bis meetings -were held at
Abilene. Sal'na and Londsborg. The last
meeting of the day was at this place,
and as it was a night meeting and had
been well prepared for and advertised It
was by far the greatest demonstration of
the day.
National Republican Committeeman
Mulvane and the State Committee of
Kansas ¦ arranged to-day seventeen
speeches for Governor Roosevelt, includ
ing a night speech and a day journey of
290 miles. The result has been that the
special Roosevelt train did not reach
Hutchinson until 10 o'clock, two and a
half hours late. The train failed to run
on schedule time, and thousands of-peo
ple were kept in the open air at different
places along the road for hours awaiting
the arrival of the train.
Everywhere Is Well
Received and
Speaks to
Crowds.
Carl Schurz Declares
Imperialism a
Policy of
Shame.
ROOSEVELT'S TOUR THROUGH
KANSAS ROUSES ENTHUSIASM
Recent Assault on
Roosevelt Is a
Topic for
Bryan.
ABERDEEN. S. D., Sept. 28.-W. J.
Bryan completed his tour of South Da
kota at this place to-night. He arrived
here at 8:30 o'clock and immediately re
paired to the speaking place, near the
Corn Palace, where he was met by one of
the largest crowds that have greeted him
during the-campaign. The day had been
a very busy one, but the Democratic can
didate had seldom appeared to better ad
vantage. He was In excellent voice and
spoke with distinctness and grace. Dur
ing the day Mr. Bryan traveled 260 miles
and made almost a dozen speeches. - He
began the day with a three-minute speech
at -Elk Point, and his first speech ot
length was made at Yankton. After this
speech he made long addresses In. the
towns of Scotland, Mitchell. Woonsocket,
Huron, Redficld and Aberdeen. The
crowds were largo at all the places at
which the party stopped, and especially
so at this point and at Mitchell.
Mr. Bryan's remarks upon the starch
combination, as it affects the Argo works
at Nebraska City, made at Yankton, were
In part as follows: '.
The Republican party to-day stands for the
trust, ami If any Republican In this commu
nity tolls you that the party is going to de
stroy the trusts I wish you would just cut out
nn editorial which appears In tlii* morning's
Sioux City Journal and read the editorial to
your Kppublican friend and Bhow him that the
Republican )>:t;*;rs to-day instead of trying to
find a way to destroy the trusts ai*e defending
'.he trusts. Vou will fln<l In the paper an edi
torial In regard to the Nebraska City meeting
which we had there last Wednesday. I will
tell yo'i About the meeting In order that you
may understand the editorial. We have a starch
factory In Nebraska City and it went into the
Btrach trust, and the Attorney General of
Nabraska, a Democrat, elected by the fusion
forces, has commenced suit to dissolve the
trust and restore the management of thn Arso
Starch Company to the local people there. The
republicans of Nebraska City made a protest
against the enforcement of the law. I want
you to understand that when a man steals JoO
you Republicans are In favor of prosecuting
him. but when a trust conspires against seventy
fhilHon of people you protest against the law
toeluz enforced. . •
At Nebraska City a Republican Judise was
chairman of the committee on resolutions at
the meetlnu and "presented resolutions asking
the Attorney General not to enforce the law
against the trust. Now, this paper says that
»he people there were opposed to trusts until
that trust was located in their midst, and then
they saw what a Rood thing the trust was
and they did not want it disturbed, and that
as soon as the people throughout the country
know what Rood things the trusts are they will
be opposed to disturbing them, and that every
man wnrklnp for n trust would be opposed to
interference with that trust. I want you Re
publicans to know that your party never In
tends to destroy the trusts.
At Mitoholl Mr. Bryan made the longest
speech of the day. speaking for more than
nn hm:r. The audience numbered many
thousands. The meeting was held on va
cant Rround near the Corn Palace, an im
mense structure of Indian corn, where
the corn belt exposition was held. Mr.
Bryan mounted a* table and addressed
himself to the people on one side and then
to those on the other, going- around the
circle without partiality. Mr. Bryan be
gan his speech by saying. that he had not
supposed that there were so many people
in the country as there were present. The
first part of the address at Mitchell was
devoted to a presentation of Mr. Bryan's
views upon the attitude of the Republican
party toward tho gold standard and na
tional banks. He discussed also the Phil
ippine question at some length, but for the
most part along old lines.
"I once heard a man talking about a
dog running after a train," he said. "A
man asked: 'What would the dog do If he
got It?* Likewise I ask. What would the
Republicans do if .they got the Filipinos?'-
Mr. Bryan had excellent audiences also
at "Woonsocket and Huron, speaking at
the former place thirty minutes and at the
latter almost an hour. At Woonsocket he
devoted some attention to the railroads
and the interstate commerce law, declar
ing that the Republicans were opposed to
amending it so as to make It effective.
The people at Huron seemed disposed to
ask questions, and Mr. Bryan announced
that he would reply to any. perBon who
would give his name and his politics.
He responded to questions about remedies
for the trusts, and then some. one asked
about the Ice trust. . To this question Mr.
Bryan replied:, - '
"The ice trust is a New York "and not a
national affair, and the New York people
can take care of It. But the Governor of
New York. Instead of correcting the lco
trust, comes out West to make speeches
But I want to go a little farther. Every
director of the ice trust Is a Republican,
and yet you people do not even attempt
to destroy a Republican trust."
Some one also asked: "Why did Teddy
get rotten-egged in Colorado?' 1
Mr. Bryan replied: "Ask those who did
It. I might suggest to you that when
they threw rotten eggs at me In Chicago
not one Republican found fault with ft;
but, my frlerid3. I am going to do better
than the Republicans. I am going to find
fault with any. one who Interferes with
any man who expresses his opinion on any
question in the United States."
"IF McKINLEY IS DEFEATED BRYAN WILL GIVE US OUR INDE
PENDENCE."— Aguinaldo.
-From the New York Tribune.
MONTREAL. Sept. 28.— Alex McCuIloch.
vice president of the Crolt & McCuIloch
Dairy Company, and_ D. J. McGlllls, sec
retary of the Montreal Cold Storage and
Freezing Company, were arrested to
night on. a charge of conspiracy to de
fraud the Merchants' Bank of Halifax out
of $220,000 by means of warehouse receipts
for goods alleged to be stored in the
storage company's premises, but which
were not there.
CHARGED WITH ATTEMPT
TO DEFRAUD A BANK
In the five-mile saco for the Western
championship Leander had as competi
tors Orlando Weber of Milwaukee and
Willis Coval of Indianapolis. Coval
dropped out after two and a half ralles
had been run. Weber got enough of It
at the three miles, though he finished
well. Leander rode circles around both
and finished in 7:59 2-5. close to his pace, a
lap aheafl of Weber. Following this
Loander was sent for an exhibition half
mile against the world's record of :45 4-5
and cut 1 2-5 seconds off it, finishing in a
wonderful burst of speed In :44 2-5.
INDIANAPOLIS. Ind.. Sept. 28.— Tho
world's records for a motor-paced half
mile and the last four miles of a flve-rriile.
lace for amateurs were broken at lha
Nowby Oval to-night by George Leander
of Chicago.
LEANDEB, BREAKS TWO
WORLD'S BIKE RECORDS
Judge Dennett first discovered the coal
on a prospecting trip in the '60s. but lost
track of the location until his recent trip.
He will form a company to work the
veins. The samples shown are of the
Fame quality, but lighter than the Scran
ton product.
MINNEAPOLIS. Sept. 28.-A special to
the Tribune from Valley City, N. D.,
says: Judge J. M. Dennett has Just re
turned from the Cascade Mountain dis
trict of Washington, bringing samples
and news of the location of vast fields of
anthracite coal. In company with pro
fessor Burch, a mineral expert of Seat
tle. Judge Dennett penetrated Into the
Cascade range sixty miles from the rail
road and after two days of prospecting lo
cated veins showing nineteen feet of coal
and Jocated on 4iJ0 acres of land. He
est'.rrfates the quantity of coal in sight at
2f»,00f.,ou0 tons.
Range.
Found in the Cascade
Extensive Deposits of Excellent Coal
VAST NEW FIELDS OF
A2JTHRACITE DISCOVERED
The bbdy of Mrs. Lowell, who was
killed, will bo shipped to her former home
at Trenton, Mo.
OGDEX, Sept. 28.— Of the .fourteen per
sons injured in the wreck at Gartney'a
Hill, on the Southern Pacific, yesterday,
•s-ix are about to continue their journey
KaFt. Kight will remain here, but none is
dangerously hurt. Of these eight Mr. and
Mrs. Mell H. Hoi fin of Maryville. Mo.,
badly bruised, continued East to-night ¦
I Nelson Niel of Shelty County. Illinois, left
j for home to-day with a .slightlv fractured
I leg; Mrs. Keefe, who was the worst in
! jured. suffering a broken collar-bone and
iractured leg. was taken to Salt Lake
where she will stop with a sister until
recovered. The other four who are at the
hospital here are not dangerously hurt.
They are: Mrs. McGammon, arm broken:
Mrs. Gripes, Tulare. CaL. collar-bone
broken; Miss J. C Allen. Cleveland, Ohio
I head and back bruised and cut: Georpe
I Hov.ner, arm bruised and cut. The com-
I pany has settled all the damage claims of
the injured passengers.
for Damages With the In
jured Passengers.
Railroad Company Settles All Claims
SHEXANDOAH, Pa., Sopt. 28.— Sheriff
Toole late this afternooir^came up from
Pqttsville and held a conference with Gen
oral Gobin at the latter's headquartvrs.
His trip is said to have been caused by
the reports that the strike was approach
ing a settlement. While nothing definite
could be learned of what transpired dur
ing the consultation. It Is understood that
the general and the Sheriff discussed the
question of Removing the troops.
So far as 'can be learned to-night thr«
soldiers will remain here to-morrow and
Sunday, but how long after Is not known
Adjutant General Klliott. chief of staff of
tho division, after an interview with Gen
eral Gobin said he felt confident that the
strike is nearing a gcttloment and the ne
cessity for the troops would soon be ob
viated.
VICTIMS OF WRECK
BEING CARED FOR
fer Regarding the Strike.
TROOFS SOON TO BE REMOVED.
General Gobin and Sheriff Toole Con-
Prices for anthracite coal in this city
have to-day dropped 50 or 75 cents per ton.
indicating that th« end is in sight, and
the rush of the retailers to buy from the
wholesalers is almost entirely stopped.
"The rumor that negotiations looking to
the settlement of Ihe strike are off is un
true. My helii f is that the strike will
come to an end pome lime next week. It
will not bo ended by a Ware of trumpet!'
cr by s-s-cppin.? general orders, but by the
men quietly going to work in colliery after
colliery, day after day. at 10 per cent ad
vance. There is no inclination to rerog
nize Mitchell in any way. but as a matter
of fact the miners really Reserve the 10
per c«>nt advance, and they probably
would have obtained it anyhow when the
question ilrst came up if so many of the
members of tho different hoards of di
rectors of the mining companies had not
b^cn away on their vacations."
NEGOTIATIONS NOT BROKEN
It Is Said the Strike Will End Quictiv
N"ex.t Week.
NEW YORK. Sopt. £'.— One of the men
who has participated In the plans for the
settlement of the anthracite coal miners"
strike and who is familiar with all the
facts and immediate circumstances said
in an interview last (Friday) night:
Toughs.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK. Sept. 23.— Senator Hanna
will make a speech at noon to-morrow,
with a jrnard of twelve policemen, before
j the Commercial Travelers' McKinley and
Roosevelt Club. The jruard will be under
command of Police Captain Chapman.
Mr. Slegel. president of the club, decided
to obtain the guard for Senator Hanna
nfter learning of the disorderly scenes at
the meeting of the Wholesale Dry Goods
Club at 350 Broadway, where Senator
Hanna spoke to-day. Senator Hanna got
no further in his speech than "Ladies and
gentlemen." when he was interrupted by
roughs In the back of the hall. He shout
.ed, "You're not in Colorado; I want you
to understand that."
Woolley in Minnesota.
WIXXEBAGO. }linn.. Sept.* 2S.— The
Prohibition special train left St. Paul to
day. At Fairmount addresses were de
livered before a large audience by Sam
uel Dickie. Henry B. Metcalf. P. B. Hau
gan. John G. Woolley and Volney B.
Cushlng. At Blue Karth an open-air
meeting was held. In his speech thera
Mr. Woolley said he would rather be a
candidate on the Prohibition ticket and
know before starting that he was beaten
than to be successful on tho Republican
tlckPt and lift his hat to the liquor
traffic. Short addresses were made at
Winnebago. . . ;
Nomination Refused a Filing.
BOISE. Idaho. Sept. 29.—Secretary of
State Patrle to-day declined to file tha
Populist nomination of S. J. Rich, Demo
cratic nominee for Presidential Elector.
The Populist nomination was made by thai
executive committee and its filing was re
fused because there was no certificate
showing that the committee was author
ized to fill vacancies. ¦ The matter will
probably get into the courts.
Sanitary work in Cuba.
SANTIAGO DE CUBA. Sept. 2S.—
Thanks to the efforts of Colonel Samuel
M. Whlteside. commander of the Depart
ment of Santiago and Puerto Principe,
and the other ofllers in charge, no case of
yellow fever has been reported here since
December. One hundred miles of streets
are swept daily. A house to house inspec
tion is being made l>y »Ha surgeons and
thousands of gallons of carholic. acid .ana
tons of chloride of lime have been used:.
GUARD OF POLICEMEN
WHILE HANNA SPEAKS
Senator to Be Protected From Possi
: . ble Interruption by . .
Prank Shepherd.
CHICAGO, Sept. 28.— Frank Shepherd,
the well known publisher, died to-night
of apoplexy.
NEW YORK, Sept. 23.— The death Is an
nounced at Xewark, N. J.. of John X>.
Harrison, president of the American
Patent Leather Company, aged 70 years.
John D. Harrison.
ATLANTA, Ga., Sept. 28.— Hon. Charles
A. Collier, former Mayor of Atlanta, died
to-day from a pistol: wound received yes
terday. He shot himself while chasing a
burglar.
Charles A. Collier.
. COLUMBUS. Ohio, Sept. , 28.— Prof essor
John B. Guitner. of Otterbein University
died to-day of heart failure. He had oc
cupied the chair .of Greek for thirty-eight
-'ears and v/as widely known. He was
born in Greencastle, Pa., January 21, 134L
John B. Guitner.
MEXICO CITY. Sept. 28.— The dry goods
store called La Valencia, owned by Sebas
tian, Roberts & Co. and situated on the
plaza opposite the cathedral, was burned
late last night. The loss Is. estimated at
$75,000. It was insured for $50,000 in foreign
companies.
7he Pay's JPead
Dry-Goods Store Burned.
ST. JOSEPH. Mo.. Sept. 28.— Victor H.
Olmstcad, special agent of the Census
Department at Washington, is in the city
and to-day began an Investigation of al
leged frauds In the taking of the. census
in this city. Figures turned in by the
enumerators show the population of the
city to have considerably more than
doubled. In the last decade. Ten years
ago the city had 51.000 souls. It is now
estimated to have 103,000. The census re
turns show more than the latter figures,
but how much more the special agent de
clines to state. Many witnesses were se
cretly examined to-day.
»
INVESTIGATING CENSUS
. FRAUDS IN MISSOURI
Special Agent of the Department Se
cretly Examines Witnesses
¦ . .'. . in St. Joseph.
PHILADELPHIA, Sept. 2S.— Josiah Ad
ams, a prominent clubman and lawyer of
this city, committed suicide to-day in a
fashionable hotel in the center of the city.
Mr. Adams was about 52 years old and a
year ago was the nominee of the Republi
can party for Judge of the Supreme Court
of Pennsylvania. His candidacy met with
much opposition within his party and he
flnallv resigned as a candidate. Ex-Sen-
Rtor Mitchell was nominated in his place
and elected. Since that time Mr. Adams
has been noticeably despondent.
Suicide of Josiah Adams, a Promi-
nent Club Man of the City of
Philadelphia.
GREW DESPONDENT AND
ENDED HIS EXISTENCE
ST. PAUL. Sept. 2S.— The Globe to-mor
row will say: Hundreds and perhaps
thousands of Boers will emigrate from
South Africa to the United States and set
tle in the Northwest. Theodore \ an
Grecht of Holland, who has of late years
made his home in South Africa, is in St.
Paul to arrange satisfactory railroad rates
over the Western lines. He will bring a
large contingent of Boers to this country
in the spring if conditions are favorable.
There are thousands of Boers, he says,
who are cnxiously awaiting opportunity
to leave their present environments and
embark for another land.
BOERS WILL COME TO
V' SETTLE IN THIS COUNTRY
Emissary of the Immigrants Now
Making Arrangements in
St. Paul.
LONDON, Sept. 2S.- John Penn. Con
servative, has the distinction of being thi
first member returned; for the new Par
liament, having been- to-day re-elected
without opposition for : Lewlsham. which
he has represented sin<» August.lSOl. \\ .
P. D. Smith, son of th* late W. H. Smith
and a partner in the gieat news business,
a Liberal Conservative, was also re
elected to-day, with opposition, to repre
sent the Strand district.of London. A fev.
days ago Mr. Smith wSs threatened with,
opposition on curious grounds, namely,
the censorship exercised by his firm
which several times has refused to sell
well-known works on its bookstalls owing
to, their allesed impropriety. But the In
dependent Conservatives eventually de
cided that sufficient enthusiasm could not
be worked up on this basis and the son
of the millionaire who started as a news
boy once more represents th« Strand in
the Liberal Conservative Interest.
Man to Be lo-elected.
John Penn, Conservative, the First
WASHINGTON. Sept. 2S.—Lleu
¦ tenant General Miles has issued a
• general order to th<; army, intended
• to secure a general improvement in
¦ the moral and physical condition of
• the force. The order particularly
¦ directs the inculcation of patriotic
• principles, the celebration of na
• tional holidays by patriotic reading.
• strict attention to salutes, respect
• for the flag and attention to good
martial music, especially vocal
• music. The importance of discip
• line is dwelt upon and loyal and
• cheerful obedience > demanded. It
¦ is directed that th* three arms of
• the service shall, Whenever practi
¦ cable, be assembled for instruction
in battle tactics and it is ordered
that there be frequent marches
• and sports calculated to develop
the military spirit. '
RETURNED TO PARLIAMENT
WITHOUT OPPOSITION
TO INCREASE
PATRIOTISM OF
THE SOLDIER
Expresses to General Chaffee His
Desire for Cassation of Hostilities.
TIENTSIN, Sept. 25 (via Taku. Septem
ber 25, via Shanghai. Sept. 2J>),— Li Hung
Chang: told General Chaffee to-day that
his chief desire was to effect a cessa
tion of hostilities, and he promised that
the Chinese would not again take the
initiative in fighting. He expressed Con
lidence In the fairness of the United
States and said he hoped the American
<Jo\'ernment would act as a mediator, us
ing: its influence to hasten the assembling
«jf the proper body to settle the whole
question. *
LI is in constant cable communication
with Wti Ting Fang, the Chinese Minister
at Washington, and it Is understood that
he has received assurances that a ma-
SHANGHAI. Sept. L*.— Emperor Kwang
Bu has issued an edict thanking Em
peror Nicholas for his decision to with
draw the Russian troops from Peking,
nnd also announcing- his own_willini?ne»s
(o perform a memorial ceremony over the
grave of Baron w,n Kottelor. the. mur
dered German Minister to China.
It is reported from a Chinese official
Fource that the imperial court has or
dered that the palace at £inan-Fu, capi
tal of the province of Shanni, be immt
diately prepared for Us reception.
«
LI ANXIOUS FOB PEACE.
KWANG SU THANKS RUSSIA.
Emperor of China Expresses His Ap
preciation of Withdrawal cf
Troops.
"An agrecnv-nt on the Chinese pro- ¦
srammc has teen nrranped between
Franco. Germany and Russia. It will be ;
submitted to V.-.e other power? within a
f< w fta;-*, TTw action recommended will j
be n:;'.'!"r t!:a/s Germany's original pro- j
posaU and it Is expected that' all tho pow- j
<rs win accept the programme."
The Colnsr.e Gazette in another semi- '.
< f!k:.:! slati in^nt. apparently Intended for
consumption In the United State* and
England, points out ihe serious position
resulting from Prince Tuan'p ascendancy, i
"The continued massacre of missionaries ,
:mh1 converts." sajTS the Gazette, "in3i- i
< atcs that the ar.tl-for^ign movement is j
<iir<?c;rd from an influential center."
It think* ;!:ut tli«=> situation i»us created
"must appear intolerable even to th^s3 I
l>o«n rs f faring a policy of indulgence ana
forbearance."
The Tientsin correspond -nt of the Stand- |
*rd says:
"I Irarn that L: Hung Chans has d«- |
rlared that Vice Admiral Alexieff h;)5 pon-- j
to Port Arthur to avoid meeting Count I
von Wal.icrsee. who was to hold a confer- j
pnee with him and with Vice Admiral Sey- i
rnour r.nd Sir Alfred Gasclee."
Th*> following dispatch, dated Septcm- i
hrr 2*. has W<?n received from Shanghai:
"It Is reported that General Mei Kunsj -
Yi has expelled the Boxers from Shantur.g
»nd is now following them into the '
province of Chili. Some excitement has
been caused by a rumor that Chinese?
steamers flying the British flafr arp con
voying munitions of war from thr> Shansr
bal snsenal northward. It is rumorei that
Russia has offered to advance money to
China to repay tho British loan."
call; bureau. Wellington' ho
tel. WASHINGTON. Sept. 2S.— From the
vmks of oonflic-inp: reports in circulation
relative to Ohh:ii it is apparent that the
administration ha? deduced these facts:
Thit the return of the Imperial Govern
ment to Peking will not lx 1 feasible until
all the interested powers give a guarantee
<f protection to not only the Emperor, but
to the Empress Dowagrr as well.
Th.it the Imp-rial Government, which at
this moment !s the Empress Dowaprer. is
Mill highly favorable to the Boxer move
mrnt, but hope fs expressed that the in
formation published by The Call this
morning from Chinese sources of the
degradation of Tuan is correct, as in such
rvf-nt this Government will be able to act
to preserve the Chinese territorial entity.
The department understands, however,
that Shenp is authority for the news ot
Tuan's appointment as grand secretary.
That all the powers, except the United
Ptatep. propose to retain in Peking a con
f-iriVrahle fore* not so much to preserve
• •rdrr as to watch over the interests of
th'ir respective governments and that
none of the powers, notwithstanding the
•withdrawal of the American troops from
China, contemplate taking steps in the
fame direction.
It was explainer] lo-day that this Gov
ernment has no disf>os ; .tion to physically
punish the Empress Dowager, and that
wh^n peace negotiations are inaugurated
Minister Conger will be authorized to ex
tend to her the protection of this Govern
ment, as he will do in the case of the
Emperor. Li Hung Chang has not ar
rived in Pekintr. and Pnnce Chine will not
l>e:rin negotiations until he has had an
opportunity to discuss the situation with
his colleague.
Mr. Conger will not recognize any per
wn alUsed to be a representative of the
Cbtnesc Government who participated in
the Boxor movement.. No information hns
Ken received at the State Department
from Mr. ("nnger indicating: that Prince
evrr subscribed to the fuml for the
Boxers. In fact, nil the information re
ceived shows ho is instead anti-foreign—
thut is to say. he 5s not pro-foreign, but
i Pl«sfi! to the i>olicy of the Imperial Gov
ernment.
It developed to-day that as a result of
1h.° doi'bt east upon Li Hung Chang's cre
dentials by the l*n!te<l States the Impe
rial Government issued the recent edict
granting him and Prince Ching full au
thority to negotiate and agreeing in ad
vance to^accjrpt any terms they made. No
Information has been reo-i\-ed a.t the State
Department confirmatory of the report
that Great Britain will not accept Earl
l.i as peace envoy unless he is provided
with more definite credentials-.
The War Department has learned from
1 • i . -a! t hattee that ho is on the point of
withdrawir.s from Peking in accordance
¦with instructions sent him.
Russia recently withdrew one regiment,
but none of her other regiments have left
thp imperial city, and it is not now be
lieved that her force will be reduced to
»my extent. The authorities place no cre
«ien(»e In tho report that Russia eontem
platea blockading the Chinese ports. It
is pointed out that the St» Petersburg
Government Is posing as a friend of
<:hina and would be hardly likely to'jeop
ardize her position by adopting *uch a
course. It is thought not improbable that
Great Britain will reduce her force in Pe
kine to a legation pruard, especially in
[view of, the recent instruction given by
the commander of her forces in Northern
<Jhlna that no more British troops come
to Taku. but stop cither at Hongkong or
Shanghai.
LONDON". Sept. 2?. 4 a. m— Appr-re^tly
Gcrmany's rotrtat from an untenable po
sition has been virtually acron-.plishe<i.
T»:o Paris correspondent of the Morning
Post says:
All Powers Except the United States
Propose to Retain Considerable
Force at Peking.
Jorlty of .the powers ¦will recognize hi?
credentials. At the susgeption of Gen
eral chaff..e he is hastening h'.s prepara
tion*; to l«ave for Peking.
A British cavalry recjnna'.ssance. iVrty
miks to the Bcujhwcst of Tientsin, oc
cupied .several town? without opposition.
A messenger who arrived here tn-day
brir.jrs news of. r. n-.at-sacre of thirteen
Swedish miss!on-irics ' in the northern
part of the province of Shansli
NEW JAPANESE MINISTRY.
Resignation of Old Body Will Proba
bly Make 3Mnrquis Ito Premier.
LONDON". Sept. 20.->-"The . Yama;*ata
Ministry has resigned.' 1 cables the Yoko-
harra correspondent of the Daily Mail,
"and Marquis Ito will probably succee-l
to the Premiership. Such a change would
not affect Japan's policy in China. The
Marquis Ito favors hearty co-operation
with Great Britain and strongly Opposes
the partition of China or Russian as-cer.d
eney there."
Kaiser Said to Have Agreed Upon a
Programme With Frcmce •
. and Russia.
GERMANY RETREATS
REGARDING CHINA
ATLANTA. Ga.. Sept. 25.— After a quar
rel which had extended over two weeks
two young men of prominent families of
Kastpoint, a suburb of Atlanta, met to-day
and fought with pistols. One of tho.men.
Sheffield Harrington, was shot in four
places, and the other. Walter Hudson;
was wounded once. Both are believed to
be fatally wounded. It la asserted that
both Walter Hudson and another man
fired at Harrington. George Hudson is
The specific charge against him is not
made public Four bullets struck Har
rington, one entering the thigh from
the back. Harrington tried time after tlm*
to fire a second shot, but each time tha
hammer of his revolver failed to explore
the cartridge.
Hudson, it la alleged, was hi love -with
Harrington's sister and there waa a re
port that they were to be married. The
rf-port was accepted as true for a time.
but finally Hudson denied the truth of tha
rumor. A few days ago the young lady
left for Wayriesboro. Harrington, it la
said, stated at that time that if Hudson
did not bo there and marry his sister ha
v.ould kill him. Matters stood in this po
vtion. as far as reliable information is
obtained, until to-day.
Fatal Shooting Affray Takes Place Be
tween Two Young: Men Near
Atlanta, Georgia.
Brother Seeks to Force a Marriage, and
as a Result Both: He and His *
Victim May Die.
FIGHTS TO UPHOLD
HIS SISTER'S HONOR
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 29, 1000.
2
To Cure a Cold in One Day
Take Laxative Bromo Quinine Tablets. All
drutrKlsts rerund the money if It falls to cure.
H. W. Grove's signature Is on each box. 25c *
even to the stomach and lntestrnes.
Catarrh Is essentially a disease of tho
mucous membrane, the local symptoms
being a profuse discharge of mucus, stop-
page of the nostrils, irritation In throat,
causing coughlns, sneezing, gagging and
frequent clearings of the throat and head.
The usual treatment by local douctes.
snuffs, salves, etc.. often gives temporary
relief, but anything like a cure can only
be obtained by a treatment which removes
the catarrhai taint from the blood and tha
disappearance cf the inflammation from
the mucous surfaces.
A new remedy* which meets these re-
quirements and which so far has been re-
markably successful in curing catarrh la
Stuart's Catarrh Tablets.
These tablets act upon the blood and
mucous membranes only. They can hard-
ly be called a- secret patent medicine as
they are composed of such valuable reme-
dies as Sanguinaria. Hydrastln, Eucalvp-
tol and similar cleansing antiseptics
which cure by eliminating from the blood
and mucous surfaces tho catarrhai poison
Stuart's Catarrh Tablets are larsre'
pleasant tasting lozenges taken internal-
ly, allowing them to dissolve, slowly m
the mouth: In this way they' reach the
throat, fauces and the entire alimentary
canal.
If desired they may also be dissolved In
water and used as a douche In addition to
the internal use. but it is not at all neces-
sary to use a douche; a few of them dH-
golved.in the mouth Aairy will be suffi-
cient. However, when there Is much
stoppage of the- nose, a douche made from,
these tablets will give immediate relief
but the regular daily use internally of
these tablets will cure the whole catarrhai
trouble without resorting to the incon-
venience of a douche.
. Dr. Bement states "that Ci» Internal
treatment for catarrh Is rapidly taking
the place of the old plan of douching and
local application, and further says that
probably the best and certainly the safest
remedy at present on the market ia
Stuart's Catarrh Tablets, as no secret is
made of their composition and all the
really efficient remedies for catarrh are
contained In this tablet."
DriiKRlsts sell Stuart's Catarrh Tablets
at fifty cents for full-sized packages. Asic
your druggist and if he is nonest he will
tell you there Is no safer, more palatable
more efficient and convenient remedy ori
the market. -,•
A Simple Remedy Which Will Inter-
est Catarrh Sufferers.
In Us earlier stapes catarrh is more of a
nuisance than a menace to the . jreneral
health, but sooner or later, the disease ex-
tends to the throat, bronchial tubes and
A DAILY NUISANCE.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SHELDON. 111.. Sept. 2S.— Fire destroyed four
brick business buildings here early to-day. The
lnss Is $25.000., Insured. The fire started In a
drusr rtore from an unknown cause, anil for »
time threatened to destroy the entire business
district.
DR. MEYERS & CO.
• yBffi, Established
nwW ¦^Ssl* Most Extensive
Market St,
CAFE ROYAL $&*•
5c. Overcoats and
: ' ¦ " ¦ : :': ¦ valises checked free
Dr^ Bennett's Electric Belt
Makes weak men and women stronsr and strong
men and women stronger. Rooms 5 and S. p>
, Post at., San Francisco, CaL 'LONG BEACH. Sept. 28.— The Sunset
Oil Refinery at Obispo. Terminal Island,
had a narrow escape from destruction by
fire this morning, but was saved by the
prompt action of the employes. Ten or
twelve tons of asphaltum were destroyed,
but eight tank cars, which stood in a sid
ing and were threatened by the flames,
were withdrawn In the nick of time by a
Terminal engine and escaped destruction.
The fire was caused by spontaneous com
bustion in the cooler tank. The loss was
about $300.
SEATTLE. Sept. 28.-A special to the
Times from Nome City says: Mr. An
drews, professor of English in the Walla
Walla Institute, was drowned about Sep
tember 12. Whilo camping for the night
on the beach the waves suddenly sur
rounded the tent where Mr. Andrews and
his partner. Mr. Sutherland, were sleep-
Ing and the occupants were compelled to
swim for their lives. . Mr. Andrews soon
bf-came exhausted and !«ank, while Mr.
Sutherland, after . a desperate struggle,
succeeded In getting ashore.
Drowned at Nome.
PASO ROBLES, Sept. 2?.— Two boys
about 13 years of izc were arrested In
this city to-day, charged with stealing
two bicycles. Constable Gano apprehend
ed the lads on the county road coming
info town and placed them in jail here.
To-morrow they will be taken to San
Luis for trial. They refused to give their
names, but admitted they lived near Ar
royo Grande, where the wheels were
taken. Two pistols and a watch wer»
also .found on them. They stated they
were' going to Salinas to see the circus.
Two Boys Arrested.
Special Dispatch to The Call
Judge Noyes Reversed.
SEATTLE. Sept. 28.-A special to the
Times from Nome City, dated September
15. says:
The decision of the District Court of
Appeals In regard to the appointment of a
receiver for the property of the Pioneer
Mining Company reached here yesterday.
About August 25 Judge Noyes refused to
remove Alexander McKenzie from the po
sition of receiver of the company's claims
and now the Court of Appeals reverses
Judge Noyes' decision and orders him to
give a coirect account of all the gold ex
tracted and to hand It over to the Pio
neer Mining Company immediately. The
decision ha? given much satisfaction to
the citizens here, who have objected to
claim-Jumping, and practically settles all
the other claims in litigation.
Pensions issued to-day — California:
Original— John \V. Summers. Chlco. $8:
John Lopes, dead.- Oakland, $12. Orig
inal widows — Sarah Kraft, San Francisco,
58: Carolina A. Lopes, Oakland. $8.
Oregon: Original widows— Mattie J.
Dupuy, Lafayette. $8.
Postmasters commissioned — Califor
nia: Alice A. Hughes. Pleasant Valley.
Oregon: Mary A. Kesterson, Sycamore:
August • J. Ha»ren. Tremont; Emma
Street. Fife. Washington: John G. P.
Eberhart. Victor.
WASHINGTON. D. C. Sept. 2S.-Post
offices have been established on the Pa
cific Coast as follows: Washington—
Thorn wood. Skagitt County, Adelia
Thome postmaster.
sioned and Pensions Issued.
Pp«»cial Disnatch to The Call.
Postmasters Appointed and Commis-
INTERESTS THE COAST.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
RENO, Sept. 2S.— HuGh McCormack, an
old and respected resident of Wadsworth.
was instantly killed in Wallstab's saloon
in that city at 1:30 last night. Mr. Mc-
Cormack was standing at the bar drink
ing w^th some friends when a stranger en
tered and began a heated conversation
with him. Bystanders thought nothing
of the affair until the stranger drew a
dirk and plunged It to the hilt in McCor
maek's breast, killing him almost in
stantly. The murdered man is from Reno
and has been at Ollnghouse Canyon for
two or three years engaged in mining' and
was a peaceable, quiet man. •
The murderer is a stranger in Wads
worth and has the appearance of a tramp.
At this time his name has not been
learned. He was arrested Immediately
and Sheriff Mclnnls. Coroner Peers ami
District Attorney Williams left here this
morning for Wadsworth to Investigate the
case. - ¦ ¦
Hugh McCormack, a Respected Resi
• dent of Wadsworth, Stabbed
by a Stranger, Appar
ently a Tramp.
MYSTERIOUS MURDER
OF AN AGED MAN
Special rMspateh to The Call.
SPOKANE, Sept. 28.-Rev. Paul G.
Kruger, who has claimed to be a nephew
of "Oom Paul" Kruger. has been removed
from the rolls of the United Brethren
church. Ever since, the beginning of the
war in South Afrlca'Kruger has been lec
turing throughout the Northwest and has
also attempted to collect funds for the
benefit of the Boers. His private charac
ter is such that on account of the manner
in which he has forced himself into public
attention members of *he church have de
manded his expulsion. J. G. Rhodes, pre
siding elder of the conference in which
Rev. Mr. Kruger's church Is situated, has
addressed the following letter to a local
newspaper:
"HUNTSVILLE. Wash.. Sept. 27.— As
one of the presiding elders of the United
Brethren church, Columbia River con
ference, I have just received official notice
of the erasure of the name of Paul G.
Kruger as a minister of said church, Ka>t
.Nebraska conference, for 'sufficient cause'
ahd feel that It Is due the church and the
general public that this action be pub
lished, especially in view of Mr. Kruger's
persistent attempts to impose himself
upon the public as a respectable minis
ter. J. G. RHODES. Presiding Elder."
Man Who Claimed to Be "Oom
Paul's" Nephew Called an Im
postor and Bead Out
of the Church.
REV. PAUL KRUGER .
OPENLY DENOUNCED
ingly slender build, while the man with
whom he bet Is very short in stature and
jf much avoirdupois.
Tynan in order to perform the task
must necessarily reach a long distance to
the ground, while Watermann. being of
in opposite physique, will find the task
exceedingly laborious. Each man is
horoughly determined if he loses to
carry out the agreement and has already
conjectured as to how long a time it will
take to reach the goal. The \p.\\ man be
lieves he can do it In four 'ours, while
his opponent is willing to take most all
clay. As one of the two candidates for
the Presidential chair must win, the Sa
linas public will be treated to a most
novel as well as ludicrous sight.
PRINCIPALS IN THE NOVEL. ELECTION BET RECENTLY MADE AT
SALINAS AND THE JOYS WHICH WILL ATTEND THE PAYMENT
OF THE SAME AS SEEN THROUGH THE EYES OF A CARTOONIST.
SALINAS, Sept. 28.-One of the
most unique election bets ever
agreed upon in this section, as
well as one that will cause an
unlimited amount of amusement
for the spectators, is between two saloon
keepers of this city. The wager is upon
the Presidential election. The loser must
roll a peanut kernel the entire length of
the bituminized portion of Main street,
a distance of five blocks, with no other
instrument to propel it but a toothpick.
Each man who aspires to be absent in
the peanut-rolling affair has put up a
goodly forfeiture of coin, as well as
made a signed statement with two wit
nesses to hold to the agreement. The
whole affair is the outcome of a heated
argument over the Presidential election
recently had in one of the saloons.
Clarence Tynan, proprietor of the Hoff
man, is a strong admirer of Republi
can principles, while Krnest Watermann
of the Yellowstone Is equally as devout a
sympathizer with Bryan's cause. Politi
cal topics were in vogue during the two
gentlemen's conversation, and finally It
was decided to stop the argument, but
make the result of the election prove
more satisfactory to all concerned. A
large money wager was spoken of and in
addition to this a side bet was agreed
upon by which the loser should be more
humiliated than simply being a dispenser
of lucre. Tynan, or "Uncle Jan." as he
is more familiarly known, agrees that if
McKlnley is not re-elected he will at
high noon on the 15th day of November
start at the corner of Main and Castro
ville streets, and with the aid of a wood
en toothpick roll a small peanut kernel
to the intersection of Main and Alisal
streets, all uphill, and a distance of near
ly 1000 yards. Watermann readily con
sented, but further stipulated that a for
feiture of $100 be put up so that in case
the loser does not wish to undergo the
trying ordeal the winner will thus be
compensated.
Matters were all fixed and papers drawn
up and signed by both men and witnessed
by F. H Lang and Mr. Merrill, both no
tary publics as well as members of the
County Republican and Democratic Cen
tral committees respectively. Tynan is
a man over, six feet tall and Is of exceed-
Novel Presademtaal Election Wager Entered Into by
Two Salinas Saloon-Keepers.
LOS GATOS. Sept. 2S.— Judge H. L.
Benson of Oregon delivered an address
under the auspice* of the local McKinley
League this evening . He stated that he
¦would make no personal attack upon the
Democratic standard-bearers, but would
Fhow where the principles which they ad
vocate were radically wrong. He touched
upon the questions of trusts and Imperial
ism as presented by Mr. Bryan, showing
them to be only old Issues in a new dis
eui«ie and closed with an eulogy of tho
present administration and the war rec
ord of noosevelt.
Hip address abounded in witticism and
anecdotes and was Interrupted by fre
quent applause and lr.ughter. Remarks
Crucial Dispatch to The Call
Judge Benson of Oregon Speaks on
National Issues.
GATHERING AT LOS GATOS.
Fpecia! EHajiatdi to Th* «7all.
T/)S ANGELES. Sept. 2*._ The Republi
can rational campaign was opened this
evening in this city. About 2T/*J people
gathered at Jilks' Hall to listen to the
FplTdi'i address of Hon. S. M. Shortridpe
of San Francisco, who was the principal
speaker of the evening. Hon. W. J. Hun
saker presldr-rt and was assisted by thirty-
Two Pic* presidents, taken frorr the ranks
of 111^ leading Republicans.
The meeting was a representative one.
bringing together as it "lid men from all
¦walks in life. Mr. Shortridge Is a great
favorite in th's city, and whenever the
¦nnouncexnent is made that he is to speak
a large crowd Is always provided for. He
-. tv;<s at his best this evening, his address
"^ being clt-an. clear-cut and eloquent.
.In introdiK-injr Mr. Shortrldge. Chair
man Hunsaker took occasion to refer
briefly to the policies of the two great po
liti<ai parties, and Paid that Mr. Short
ri<ige represented the party that stood for
jirncrpss and prnspefity.
As Mr. Shortridge advanced to the front
nf the stage ho was given an ovation, the
cbeen and applause continuing for fully
three minuteti. He started out by con
tr*-.PtinK th»" conditions now existing and
those that existed four years ago. Impe
rialism was unmasked and shown up to
the Democrats In a forcible manner. One
point which brought down th«» house was
where the pvakt-r showed that the ice
trust. Standard Oil trust and other great
trust? of the country were under control
of IVmocrats.
His tnbute io the valor of American
manhood and thr hravtrv of American
soldiers was beautiful. His speech was
frequently pun'-iuated with loud applause
and hearty laughter.
Ovation to the Republican Orator at
a Mass Meeting.
SHOETRIDGE AT LOS ANGELES.
The proclamation also contains the sev
eral proposed constitutional amendments
in ho voted on at the coming election.
The amendment!" propose:
Assembly constitutional amendment No.
6 — To exempt from taxation all buildings
used solely and exclusively for reMgious
wnrsUij and so much of the real property
cs is required for their convenient use
and occupation.
Assembly constitutional amendment No.
23 — Cor. firming the foundation of the Stan
ford University and exempting from taxa
tion all property held in 'rust for its
founding, maintenar.ce'and benefit.
Assembly constitutional amendment No.
14 — To exempt from taxation the Califor
nia School of Merhanical Arts.
Senate constitutional amendment No.
""4— To exempt State bonds. Including
vhool, reclamation and irrigation dis
.Ticts. from taxation.
Senate constitutional amendment Xo.
4— Empowering the Legislature to make
laws regulating the holding of primary
*]ectior.p.
Senate constitutional amendment No.
f-— Relating to salaries of Supreme and
Boperfor Judges, and providing for a sten
ripraphcr for each Judge.
Senate constitutional amendment No.
IS — Relating to the incurring of expenses
*>y municipalities.
Senate constitutional amendment No.
22— Proposing the establishing of courts of
Five Superior Judges for San Fran
cisco, two «?ach for Alameda, Fresno and
Los Angeles counties, and one for Los
Angeles County to rill an unexpired term:
one t-ach in Madera. Riverside, San Ber
nard ino and Kings counties and one each
to fill unexpired terms in Contra Costa,
Merced. Santa Clara. San Diego and Sac
rEironto counties.
Governor Gage makes no provision In
the proclamation for the election of a
member of the State Board of Equaliza
tion to fill the unexpired term ot J. G.
Kdv/ards. deceased, and to succeed whom
C. H. Brown was appointed. The Gover
nor holds with Secretary of State Curry
that members of the Board of Equaliza
tion are elected for a i>eriod of four years
*md that no provision is= made for arrang
ing to rill an unexpired term.
The Governor's private secretary. Mr.
Fok»y. states that the Governor In giving
rearons for the <imission cites the action
of «Jovernor Uudd in appointing William
T. Jeur to be Lieutenant Governor, vice
f pcr.<~» r N. MiHard. whose death occurred
shortly aft?r his election. Mr. Jeter held
the office for the full term— four years—
and he calls attention to the fact that the
pf-cTjon of the constitution applying to the
election of a Lieutenant Governor applies
also to the election of members of the
£?Tn:e Board of Equalization.
SACRAMENTO. Sept. 25.— In accordance
»:;h the law governing the matter Gover
nor Gage to-day issued his proclamation
for a general State election to be held on
Tuesday. November 6, 1900. The procla
mation calls for the election of the fol
lowing State officers:
Nine electors of President and Vice
President of "the United States,
k Seven Representatives to Congress, one
Trom each Congressional district, and one
Representative- from the Second District
for the unexpired term of Marion de
Vries. resigned.
Twenty members of the £tate Senate
from odd districts.
Eighty members of the State Assembly,
one from each Assembly District.
were made by Louis O'Neal. Republican
nominee for State Senator from the Thir
ty-firpt District; G. S. Walker, candidate
for Assemblyman for the Fifty-sixth Dis
trict, and F. W. Knowles. nominee for
Supervisor from the Fifth District.
FIRST VOTES FOR McKINLEY
Club to Be Formed Exclusively of
Young Men at Stockton.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
STOCKTON. Sept. 2S.— Live young Re
publicans, whose first votes will be cast
for William McKlnley, will to-morrow
form a club for active campaign work.
The call has been signed by scores of new
voters and they are entering into the pro.
ject with all the enthusiasm of youth.
L. V. Peterson, the popular young news
paper man. has been the chief worker for
the club, the success of which is now as
sured. Dr. Harkness. chairman of the
County Committee, is aiding the young
people. The club is believed to oe the
first of its kind organized on this coasi
and the idea will undoubtedly be followed
in other portions of the State with prolit
to the Republican organization.
Dr. Harkness. chairman of the Repub
lican County Committee, to-day declined
a suggestion from Chairman Jacobs of th ;
Democratic committee that Governor
Gage be given a "non-partisan" reception
upon his arrival here Monday. Governor
Gage comes to speak at Masonic Hall in
the evening In advocacy of the Republicau
ticket and the Democratic move was in
terpreted as a design to attempt to em
barrass the meeting. The move was
called as promptly as made, Hatkntss re
plying that Gage did not come' here as
Governor, but as a citizen advocating Re
publican principles.
m
REPUBLICANS AT CARTERS.
Large Assemblag-e Addressed, by
Sam D. Woods.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CARTERS. Sept. 2S.— The growing be
lief that the mining counties of the Stato
are in full sympathy with the Republican
administration was further demonstrated
to-night, when one of the largest crowds
of miners ever assembled at this place
met to hear Sam D. Woods. Republican
Congressional nominee in this district. Mr.
Woods spoke for a little over an hour on
the issues of the campaign, and every
time he mentioned the name, of McKlnley
he was greeted with applause.
The next meeting was to have been held
at Sonora on Saturday nipht. but owing to
a county fair and other attractions at that
place it was found Impossible to secure a
hall and the meeting has been postponed
until Octotjrr 20. Mr. Woods' m>xt meet
ing will be held at Chico on Monday even-
Ing.
Santa Clara Committee.
SpPfial Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE. Sept. 28.— Nicholas Bowden,
chairman of the Democratic County Cen
tral Committee, has appointed the mem
bers at large on the committee, and the
body as now organized is: James P. Sex,
secretary and member from the second
supervisorial district: first district— M.
Casey. A. A. Martin. Thomas Miller; sec
ond district— H. H. Main and C. C. Coo
lidge: third-C. M. Hatcher, T. C. Hogan
and J. M. Thorpe: fourth — M. Glennon
and R. K. Thomas;- fifth— John A.llicks,
Dr. Asklm and "W. P. Veuve.
Prohibitionists to Meet
! Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN RAFAEL. Sept. 28.— The Prohibl
i tion party will hold itr? county convention
in this city to-morrow morning at 10
o'clock. A Senatorial convention of Con
tra Costa and Marin counties ¦will also
nominate a candidate for the State Sen
' ate. a county committee will be named
i and a full ticket nominated. The Prohib
[ itionists promise to make a lively fight in
. the coming- campaign.
Solano Committees Organize.
Sl'ISUN, Sept. 2S.— The Republican
County Central Committee of Solano
founty has organized by electing A. L.
Hathaway, chairman: F. W. Willis, sec
retary, and S. G. Little, treasurer.
Tho Democratic County Committee of
Rolano Counfv has organized bv electing
J. R. Snead. Dixon. chairman; F. V. Col
lins. Vallejo. secretary, and E. E. Har
nett, Benicia, treasurer.
Mass Meeting at Santa Rosa.
SANTA ROSA. Sept. 2S.— The Republi
can campaign was opened hc-re this ever.
insr at Armory Hall with a bis meeting
undtr the auspices of the McKlnley and
Roosovclt Club. Judce Crawford presid
ed. The principal speaker was Hon. T.
B. Hutchinson of Napa. Campaign music
was furnished by the Santa Rosa band.
Much enthusiasm prevailed.
Yolo Republicans to Meet.
WOODLAND. Sept. 28.— The Republican
County Convention will be held in this
city to-morrow. Three candidates for Su
pervisor and a candidate for the Assem
bly are to n<? nominated. Leading Repub
lican? predict that Supervisor Fredrlcks
will be nominated for the Assembly, al
though George Pierce is a candidate for
nomination.
Now a Republican Paper.
TUCSON, Ariz.. Sept. 2S.— Ex-Governor
McCord has secured control of the Ari
zona Daily Gazette and to-morrow morn-
Ing will give the Republican ticket vigor
ous Fupport. The Gazette for twenty years
has been the leading Democratic paper at
the capital.
To Make Speeches Here.
CHICAGO, Sept. 28.— General C. E. Carr.
ex-Minister to Denmark, will leave Chi
cago October 4 under the auspices of the
National Republican Committee for a
campaign speaking tour of the Pacific
Coast. He will begin at San Bernardino,
proceeding northward to San Francisco,
and devoting In all six days to California.
He will make three speeches In Oregon
and seven in Washington.
Claim Is Made That the Law Which Gave
Jeter a Full Term as Lieutenant Gov
ernor Applies in This Case.
Makes No Provision for an Equalizer to Fill
the Unexpired Term of the Late
J. G. Edwards. _,
GAGE ISSUES CALL
FOR STATE ELECTION
MUST ROLL THE KERNEL OF
A PEANUT FIVE BLOCKS UPHILL
Jeremiah Scully, 1313 Sansome street,
swore to a complaint In Judge Cabanlss'
court yesterday for the arrest of John
Monks, his nephew, on a charge of dis
turbing the peace. He said Monks had
been annoying him and his wife by threat
ening to kill them with a knife. Monks
had been drinking, and if he were sent to
Jail for a short tlmo to sober up he might
come to his senses.
Threatens to Kill His Uncle.
A very large number of ladles and gen
tlemen assembled In Odd Fellows' Hail
last night to witness the military drill
by the ladies of San Francisco Rebekah
Drill Corps No. 2. The ladles, under com
mand of Captain Allle Parker, executed
the many movements of the drill with a
precision that won for them rounds of
applause. The drill was followed by danc
ing until midnight.
Rebekah Drill Corps.
The celebration committee of the Im
proved Order of Red Men held an after
math meeting last night In the banquet
room of the Red Men's Wigwam on rost
street. It was on the cards as "a korn
and venisen feest." which is the Red
Men's term for a smoker. It had been ar
ranged by M. H. Haas of Blazing Arrow
Tribe, B. F. Lyford of Montezuma Tribe.
Henry A. Chase of Manzanlta Tribe. Wil
liam Goldman of Yosemite Tribe and T.
Horn of Pohonachee Tribe as an after
math of the grand display made by the
order In the 10th of September parade.
Rsd Men's Feast.
The Police Commissioners have deter
mined to abolish the dives and disreput
able saloons scattered throughout the city
and confine all saloons of that class within
a certain territory, away from respect
able streets.
Chief of Police Sullivan and Captain
Wittman have for the last few nights
devoted considerable time trying to pick
out a locality fitted for the new "Bar
bary Coast," and have selected as a prob
able district Jackson and Pacific streets,
between Dupont and Sansome.
For a number of years variety theaters
of the low order, questionable resorts and,
dives have flaunted openly on some of
the city's principal thoroughfares and
have caused the police considerable trou
ble. Confined within a limited area the
Influence of these deadfalls will be re
duced to a minimum.
Police Commissioners Determined to
Abolish Disreputable Resorts
Now Located in Respecta
ble Localities.
BABBABY COAST DIVES
TO BE GIVEN LIMITS
ORIZABA AGR0XJin>.
Bock Near St. Michael.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Steamer Strikes on an Uncharted
SEATTLE, Sept. 2S.— The steamship
Orizaba is hung up on an uncharted rock
near St. Michael. The vessel, which is
under charter to lay the Government
cable between Nome and St. Michael and
the mainland, struck the reef September
17 when returning to St. Michael after
having gone to sea to avid the storm.
General Greely, chief signal officer, was
on board at the time. He arrived In Se
attle to-night on the steamship Ohio.
He says the steamer struck easy, and
It is not i believed that the hull is seri
ously damaged. She will probably be
saved, but the laylnp of the cable
will have to be postponed until next year.
Nome correspondence of September 10
reports that the Orizaba as in a danger
ous position. There was no danger of
loss of life, the steamship Senator hav
ing gone to her relief, and It was thought
the cargo, including the cable, would be
saved. But the steamer herself was fast
on the reef amidships and In Imminent
danger of breaking In two.
COAST NEWS IN BRIEF.
SUISUN'. Seot. 28.— The Teachers' Institute
of Solano County, which haa been In session In
Benlcla since last Monday, closed to-day. The
convention was a successful one.
SUISUN, Sept 28.— A company haa been In
corporated here with a capital of $3000 which
will be expended in the erection of a suitable
building to be utilized for a social club.
SANTA ANA, Sept. 28.— Domlnlco Larlto,
charged with setting fire to the large barn and
warehouse of D. E. Smeltzer & Co. in Peat
lands, was acquitted to-day, the Jury remain
ing out only about" five minutes. -
VICTORIA, B. C, Sept. 28.— H. M. S. Icarus
of the British patrol fleet in Bering Sea re
turned this evening. Officers say the sealing
schooners are returning home an the season
has been a complete failure on account of un
favorable weather.
SEATTLE. Wash.. Sept. 28.— The name of
the caytaln of the schooner Prosper, which
went down In the awful storm at Cape Nome,
according to Nome arrivals, was Captain G.
R. Glese. He perished on September 12. Wil
liam Munce. one of the owners of the schooner,
had a narrow escape.
SACRAMENTO. Sept. 28.— Superior Judge
Hart to-day sentenced .-v Japanese named J.
Franko to fourteen years' Imprisonment In the
Folsom State arison for assault with intent to
commit murder upon Policeman John F. Logue
a couple of months ajfo. Franko attempted to
kill the collceman with a razor while the
latter was arresting: him.
VANCOUVER. B. C, Sept. 23.— The United
States immigration officers are aiding Cana
da to prevent and detect Japanese naturaliza
tion frauds In British Columbia. United States
Commissioner of Immigration Haley has been
Instructed by the Treasury Department at
Washington to assist the British Columbia au
thorities in detecting other Japanese naturali
zation frauds.
Quarrel Ends in Murder.
PHOENIX. Ariz.. Sept. 28.— A special
dispatch to the Republican from Congress
says: 1 At Octave on Thursday night John
Lee, a deputy sheriff, shot and killed
Charles Thompson at the latter's saloon.
Lee attempted to withdraw from -a poker
game after winning $50. Thompson was
loser and objected, but Lee insisted, took
the money an<I arose from the table.
Thompson went behind the bar and got a
shotgun. Lee thereupon fired and killed
Thompson Instantly, the bullet passing
close to the heart.
NEW YORK. Sept. 23.— Thomas H. B.
Varney of San Francisco la at the
Waldorf; Clinton E. TVorden and F. M.
Famer of San Francisco are at the Neth
erland.
— •
CALrFOBNIAlTS ET NEW YOSK.
CHILLICOTHE. Ohio, Sept. JS.-Davld Brooks
was killed to-day by his brother Amos. The
men had jrone huntlnsr near the city and quar
reled over a doer. Amos seJxed the gun In Da
vid's hand and fired, kllllns htm Instantly.
Amos ran to the woods and attempted to kill
himself, but was arrested.
TVtTRAND. Mich.. Sept. 23.— A fast freight
train crashed Into a switch engine to-day on
the Detroit. Grand Haven and Milwaukee Rail
road here, killing Engineer Thomas Hamlln of
Detroit and Fireman Linden of lona. Samuel
rteck. brakeman. was Injured. Twenty-four
loaded cars were burned and both engines were
TELEGRAPHIC BREVITIES.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES, Sept. 2S.-The recent
decision of Judge Ross in the Kern County
oil cases — that is, the cases of the Cosmos
Exploration Company against the Gray
Eagle Oil Company and the Pacific Land
and Improvement Company against the
Elwood Oil Company — bids fair to furnish
an unlimited amount of litigation and the
expenditure of many thousands of dollars
In attorneys' fees.
United States District Attorney Frank
P. Flint and all the employes of his office
are working hard to prepare the cases for
presentation to the Grand Jury, now in
session, In accordance with the suggestion
of the court that the matter of some of
the affidavits be presented to the Grand
Jury with a view to ascertaining if per
jury ¦was committed.
The statement of Mr. Flint to the effect
that he Intends to request the Grand Jury
to investigate the entire matter of tho
selection of oil lands by "scrlppers" arttl
mine locators and to have It determined
whether or not certain persons have con
spired to acquire unlawfully large tracts
of public domain Is Interesting.
The interest of the members of the le
gal fraternity in the case is daily In- 1
creasing. From the fact that the attor
neys who fought on boih sides of the case
comprised some of the best known [law
yers In the State, the case at first at
tracts attention. Now that it has added to
It the sensational feature of the court
calling the attention of tho United States
District Attorney to affidavits which
would appear false from the very decided
opposite nature of the affidavits, the cases
are attracting attention outsiae the con
fines of the State .tself.
Some of the affidavits assert that the
land In question Is really good agricultural
land and that at the time it was
"scrlpped" there was nothing in the shape
of improvements thereon. In contradis
tinction to these affidavits others made
sworn statements that it was non-agri
cultural land and one of the attorneys
even stated that a jackrabbit could not
live theron.
Suggestion of Judge Ross That Cer
tain Affidavits Be Presented to
the Grand Jury Will Be
Acted Upon.
LAI LOCATORS
MAY BE INDICTED
a Consulate.
SAN ANTONIO. Tex.. Sept. 2S.— United
States Consul W. W. Mills at Chihuahua,
Mexico, has sent a note to the Federal
authorities here and also to the State De
partment at "Washington detailing an in
sult to the American flag over his con
sulate on September 16, the anniversary
of Mexican independence, by a mob of
Mexicans. He had hoisted the United
States and Mexican flags In honor of the
day and the mob tore down the United
States colors.
?
Methodists Meet in Arizona.
PHOENIX, Ariz., Sept. 28.— The nine
teenth annual session of the Arizona
Methodist Conference commenced here to
day. Bishop J. W. Hamilton being In
charge. About twenty-five ministers are
in attendance. The conference will con
tinue over Monday and at the last day'*
session the ministers will be assigned.
LONDON. Sept. 23.— Lord Roberts re
ports to the War Office, under date or
Pretoria. September 27. as follows:
"The Boers attacjted a portion of Pa
get's force at Pienaars River station this
morning, but were beaten off after three
hours' lighting.
"Buller occupied MacMac River and the
Eastern side of Burghers Pass on Sep
tember 26. after slight resistance. Hell
bron. Beitz and Llndley have been, reoc
cupied."
MOB OF MEXICANS
INSTTLTS AMERICAN FIjAG
Tears Down the Stars and Stripes
Flying From a Flagpole on
Dutch Government Respecting
Neutrality Laws.
LONDON, Sept. 2S.— Great Britain has
sent a note to the Dutch Government, ac
cording to a dispatch from Amsterdam to
the Dally Mall, which contains a warning
that If Mr. Kruger Is allowed to carry
bullion or state archives on board the
Dutch warship which is to bring him to
Europe It will be regarded as a breach of
neutrality on" the part of The Nether-
England Sends a Warning to tho
MUST NOT PERMIT KRUGER
TO TAKE BTTLLION WITH HIM
were served to-day hy officers of the
Health Department for the arrest of per
sons charged with violating the smoke or
dinance.
President Murphy of the Health Depart
ment said to-day:
"This smoke nuisance must be stopped
and stopped right at this Instant. Every
one of these firms has been under sur
veillance and has been burning soft coal.
They were warned to desist, but they
paid no attention to our notice.
"More than a dozen presidents, super
intendents and others from large coal
burning firms called on me to-day and
asked me to let up on this smoke nuisance
for a while. I told them that I would not
do it; that there is not sufficient justifica
tion for It. The use of soft coal would do
millions of dollars' damage In this city.
Because we have used only nard coal and
have been practically free from smoke
millions have been invested in white mar
ble buildings and other white buildings.
Soft coal smoke would completely destroy
their appearance. That is merely an In
stance of what It would do. It will have
to be stopped."
Health Departments Inaugurate a
Crusade by Serving 1 Fifty
Warrants.
NEW YORK, Sept. 2S.-Flfty warrants
AERESTS FOB BURNING
SOFT COAL IN NEW YORK
NEW YORK. Sept. 29.— At 1:34 o'clock
this morning a naphtha tank exploded in
the Central Gaslight Company** works at
the foot of East One Hundred and Thirty
eighth street. The explosion was heard
for miles around and broke all the win
dows in the vicinity. The burning naphtha
flowed down the street and Into the engine
room of the gas company, petting it on
fire. Two alarms of nre were turned In
rind the flreboat was summoned. The
flames at times shot seventy feet up In the
air. The fire burned fiercely, and the fire
men fought desperately to prevent the
flrrmes from spreading to the gasholder*,
which are near the scene of the explo
sion. There was no loss of life.
Explosion of a Tank in a Gas Com
pany's "Works Does Great Deal
of Damage.
BUHNIHO NAPHTHA BT.AZT.S
SEVENTY FEET IN THE AIR
Laird had determined to make Pearl
show fear, for she was 'noted for her
nerve. He chose a ghastly method. He
procured a hand from a dead Eskimo,
whose corpse lay unburled on the tundra —
cne of the victims of the scourge that has
killed hundreds of the natives this sum
mer. Laird took the grewsome remnant
Laird was, however, a practical Joker.
He tried to frighten the girl, with awful
results. The Incident occurred some weeks
ago. The news was suppressed, however,
on account of the young man's connec
tions in the East.
Pearl Boyd was young and pretty. Laird
was constantly in her company. The two
apparently thought the world of one an
other.
Pearl Boyd, a, young girl who conducted
a restaurant. Is. now a raving maniac,
while Paul Laird, her lover, lies dead
from a self-inflicted bullet In his brain,
as a consequence of his own folly.
SEATTLE, Sept. 28.— A story of the
hideous result of a practical joke comes
from Nome on the steamer Tacoma.
Special Dispatch to The Cal
and placed it on the pillow of Pearl's bed
in such a manner that it looked as though
the Indian was concealed beneath the
covers and had left his hand exposed. He
then watched, outside the window.
Pearl entered the room. She locked the
door and lighted tho lamp. Her eyes lit
upon the dead hand. She stood a mo
ment, paralyzed ¦with fear, her eyes start-
Ing from their sockets. Then she uttered
a shriek so awful it seemed scarcely hu
man. The girl's reason had left her. Sh«
sprang upon the bed. She seized tho
hand. She bit it. She gnawed the flesh
again and again as a dog gnaws a bone.
Pearl Boyd was stark mad.
Her lover outside had watched the
scene, laughing at first, then startled,
then spellbound. "When the ghoulish climax
came he fainted dead away. Before the
startled crowd, drawn by Pearl Bovd's
shrieks, had burst tn th» room door. Paul
Laird, reviving from his s-woon. had shot
himself through the temple.
To-day Pearl Boyd Is In the care of
friends, but her reason has left her for
ever. Paul Laird's body lies in a shallow
grave on the lonely, wind-swept tundia. ,
Young Man at Nome Attempts to Frighten
the Girl He Loves and Drives
Her Raving.
Watches Her Agony From a Point of Con
cealment and in a Moment of
Remorse Ends His Life.
PRACTICAL JOKE
ENDS IN TRAGEDY
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 29, 1900.
PRESCOTT. Art*.. Bept. 2S.— The stamp mill
cf the Montrcmery Mining Company at Lynx
Creek twelve rnll<* from Prescott wai com
r>l«*te!y destroyed last nlrht by a fire of un
known origin; loo JlO.ono; no Insurance. The
corr.psuiv ha4 Just completed arrangement! for
enlarging the mill and lncre&al&ff Its capacity.
Buildings.
Fp«-ial r>l<-r>at<-h to Th«> Call.
ALBION. Sopt. 2S.— The Albion Lumber
Company's plant was almost entirely de
stroyed by fir*> this morning. The damage
to the building and contents is estimated
at flO.OOO. The tire had its origin In the
lumber kiln, and before the flames could
be *»xtinguiFhod the fire spread to the sur
rounding buildings.
An alarm was given at 8:30 o clock, and
every man employed in the mills and
wo^is which surround it was pressed into
service. WatT pumped from the hug«?
tank? 1 was poured on the blazing lumber
but could not stay the spread of the
flames Afd came from Mendocino City
and from Uttle Klver late in the after
noon and after a fierce struggle with the
fir* the fighters got It under control.
The mill was completely destroyed, as
vet re also the hotel and dwelling houses
in tho vicinity. This is the second fire
¦which has visited this place. The mill and
Its contents were partially insured. The
Albion Lumber Company has its offices
and yards in San Francisco. '
Rapidly to Surrounding
Tire Which Starts in the Kiln Spreads
LUMBER MILLS AT
ALBION DESTROYED
Testimony Given by Two Physicians
Who Examined Him in the
Prison at Placerville.
PLACKRVILLE, Sept. 28.— Twelve more
of the neighbors of the defendant In the
Zumwalt murder case were produced as
witnesses in behalf of the prosecution to
day to testify to their belief in Zumwalt's
sanity up to and including the time of t!">
killing. Dr. H. W. Smith, now of Siski
you County, but who practiced medieii.e
in this city for thirteen years, testified
that about twelve years ago he treated
the defendant during his sickness In the
County Jail while confined there on con
viction for battery and also examined him
at the request of defendant's wife as to
his sanity, but that his opinion Is that the
symptoms of Insanity were at that time
and are now simulated.
Dr. A. M. Hoisholt, one of the physi
cians at the State Insane Asylum at
Stockton, then took the witness stand and
detailed experiments attending his exam
inations of the defendant in the prison
during the past week. As a result of his
examination he stated that the manifes
tations came nearest to presenting a form
of stuporous melancholia, but these were
contradicted by manifestations of mania
which cannot exist In a patient at the
same time. He therefore concluded that
defendant is not insane
?
LOS ANGELES. Bept. 28.— J. Z. Tucker and
O. C Cowrlll were to-day . appointed referee*
In bankruptcy for Ban Diego and Kern coun
ties respectively.
SAY ZUMWALT IS
SHAMMING INSANITY
FOREST IN FLAMES
SANTA ROSA. Sept. 28— Word
was received here to-night that a
big forest fire was raging about
twelve miles from the town of
Sebastopol, near Inwood Farm.- A
large number of men have been
called out to fight the flames and
back fires have been started. It Is
reported that one house has been
destroyed. •'¦',¦"¦..
Earthquake at Gilroy.
GIL.ROT. Sept. 28.— A severe shock of
earthquake was felt here at 4:17 o'clock
this morning'. The shock lasted a number
of seconds, during which time crockerv
was shaken from shelves and smashed.
No heavy damage is reported.
Seven Horses Burned.
SANTA CRUZ, Sept. 2*.— The house and
barn owned by Supervisor White, near
Watsonville. were totally destroyed by
lire this morning:. Seven horses were
burned to death in tho barn and a large
quantity of hay was destroyed. The loss
is" about $6000. Cause unknown.
"Will Sue Blaskower.
SAN RAFAEL, Sept. 28.— Thomas Pea
cock, an Iceman, Is about to file suit for
damages against M. Blaskower. the cigar
dealer. Peacock claims that about six
weeks ago while delivering ice he was
attacked and bitten by one of Blaskower's
dogs, and seeks monetary consideration
for the loss of time and suffering occa
sioned thereby.
Santa Clara Tax Levy.
SAN' JOSE Sept. 28.— County Auditor A.
G. Col to-day announced the total as
sessed valuation of property In Santa
Clara County as $51,071,207 50. The total
for last year was $51,619.5!3. showing an
increase during the past year of $331,748 56.
The county tax levy is $1 50 on the hun
dred outside and $1 10 Inside. The total
city and county tax levy for San Jos«
is $2 35 on the hundred.
Still Unidentified.
SAX JOSE Sept. 2S.— An Inquest was
held here to-day over the remains of the
man who died suddenly on the train near
Palo Alto yesterday. His Identity has
not yet been established, though it Is re
ported that he had registered at a hotel
as J. Sullivan. There was absolutely
nothing on his person by which his
Identity could bo discovered. His death
was due to consumption.
Kittemeyer, on Sauvies
Island.
PORTLAND. Or., Sept. 28.-C. A. Kitte
meyer shot and killed his stepfather, Wil
liam Lunruit, on Sauvies Island, ten miles
below here, on the Willamette River, yes
terday afternoon.
There had been bad blood between the
two men for some time, but according to
the story told by "William Lay field, an eye
witness, the murder was cold-blooded and
brutal.
He says that himself and Lunruit were
walking across Klttemeyer's land when
they met the latter. After a few hot
words Lunruit drew a pistol, but soon re
turned It to his pocket. As he did so Kit
temeyer raised a shotgun and fired. The
charge took effect and Lunruit staggered.
A second and third time Kittemeyer load
ed and fired while his helpless victim was
begging for mercy. The third shot proved
fatal, and Kittemeyer walked away from
the body of his victim.
This morning at 5 o'clock he appeared
at the county Jail and surrendered, s.iy
lng he had shot a man in self-defense.
William Liinruit Shot Down While
Begging for Mercy by A. A.
OREGON MAN SHOT
DOWN BY HIS STEPSON
MENDOCINO. Sept. 28.— Thomas Helm.
a brakeman on the Caspar Railroad, was
Instantly killed yesterday while unloading
16gs from the train. His head was crushed
to a pulp by being caught. between a log
and the landing. He leaves a wife and
five small children.
Brakeman Killed.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SANTA ANA, Sept. 28 .— M. R. Stanley, a
prominent rancher of South Santa Ana,
was struck by a Southern Pacific train to
Newport Beach this morning: on the
old Delhi road. His wagon was ' de
molished and Stanley received Internal In
juries which resulted In his death. He
was about 50 years of agre; and leaves a
widow and son.
Struck by an Engine.
Fire In a Refinery.
rrr^al
3
4Ri aiQH a?% Hunters' Equipments,
¦ Hi H&3C" Fishing Tackle, Athlst-!
B B 3 gla io Good3, etc. Bedrock
III lllJ Prices. Bend tor Cat-.
BHREVE, 739 Market at,'
ftEW WESTEB* HOTEL.
KEAHNY AND WASHINGTON ST9.— R&.
modeled and renovated. KINO. Ward &
CO. European plan. Rooms, Wo to II SO day;
ta to $S week; Is to $20 month. Free baths; hot
and cold water every room: flro grates In every
room; elevator run* all night.
DR. CROSSMAN'S
SPECIFIC MIXTURE
Pop the Cars of Gonorrhoea, Gle«t«,
Stricture* and analogous complaints
o? the Orftans of tieneratlon.
Price tl a bottle. For sal* by druRteta.
Try a pail and you will like it.
a The N.K.Falrbank Company,
Chicago-Sole JUanf actonra.
FREE ! Oot ** l ? t 3 r booklet.
*• ****** * - a PubIIo Secret"
mailed fra« to any address. For
one to stamp w» will send f r«e our
Its pus recipe book. "Hobs
Helps, edited by Mr*. Rorer.
WHITE COTTOLENE is
purer, more efficacious and
healthful than any other cooking
fat. Mrs. Rorer. the eminent
lecturer and authority on pure
food and household economy,
says :
"It Is without odor or flavor, and I can
recommend It in place of lard, or In cakes
In place of butter."
It is to all other frying and
shortening mediums as the ex-
press train to the stage coach, or
electric light to candle light of
olden times.
The production of WHITE
COTTOLENE is the greatest
step of modern science toward
pure food, better cooking, per-
fect health.
WHITE COTTOLENE con-
tains nothing- but pure vegetable
oil and choice beef suet — posi-
tively not a particle of hog fat.
It is, therefore, appetizing, whole-
some and easily digested.
Try a pail.
l^sSC Two QWutics ' N$H@1
bar {MyrttfaMttJ ¦ v i : l£\ t A3
ADVERTISEMENTS.CRICKETERS MAKING
BEST OF THE END
GOLFERS ARE SCARCE
ON THE LOCAL LINKS
Last Saturday a team match was begun
on the Adams Point links by the mem
bers of the Oakland Golf Club. One of the
two teams consisted' of XV. P. Johnson
(captain), E. K. Folger, H. H. Smith. H.
M. A. Miller and A. Higgiris, and the other
of, F. S. Stratton (captain). T. R. Hutch
lnson, James Ames, George de Golla and
H. C. Morris. The match was over eight
een holes and resulted In a tie, which will
be played off. to-day. The captains of the
two teams were appointed and they se
lected their men alternately. Next Sat
urday, October 6, the qualifying round,
over eighteen holes, medal play, for the
competition for. the Captain's cup, will be
played. The eight members who make the
lowest scores will be entitled to play in
the third contest for the trophy, which
was presented to the club by Captain
Orestes Pierce, and is competed for twice
a year. The contest will be over eighteen
holes, medal play, and the winner will
have his name, score, etc.. Inscribed on
the cup, which remains the property of
the club.
The San Francisco Golf Club has not
yet Issued its programme for the fill and
winter, but will soon do so. The ladies of
the club are preparing for a continuous
tournament- to begin on October 6. The
San Kafael Golf Club is In a quiescent
condition just now, the summer visitors
having left the county seat of Marln, and
the golfers not having settled down yet
to their winter play. It is expected, how
ever, that a programme of events will be
given out soon.
The competition for the open champion
ship of the United-States will take piece
been ill, and has Just left San Francisco
for Paso Robles, where he will undergo
treatment for inflammatory rheumatism
in the left hand. E. G. Slomp- through
out the entire season has worked hard to
keep the team together, but even his ef
forts have proved unavailing. There will
be no match to-morrow on tho Webster
street ground at Alameda. On October /
the Alameda eleven will play against tho
Pacific team and that will be the last
scheduled match of the season.
There will, however, be social games not
on the programme. This afternoon sev
eral lovers of the British game who have
not played for some years will go over to
Alameda to get a little preliminary prac
tice for a match that will take place next
month — Old Timers versus Present Day
players. The Old Timers must either oe
above a certain age or have played their
last game several years ago. They will
receive some handicap from the player*
who are in constant practice, but In "pre
cisely what form has not' been decided
yet.
E. II. Hilton, secretary of the cricket
annex of the Santa Cruz Country Club,
Is in correspondence with the players in
this city and wishes to arrange for two
matches in San Francisco before the close
of the season. The Santa Cruz cricketers
were much disappointed at the failure of
their efforts to arrange matches here dur
ing the Admission day celebration, but
the absence of the strongest city players
In Lake County made it difficult to get to
gether suitable teams in San Francisco
The Santa Cruz men suggested October 20
and 21 as dates convenient to themselves
but the absence of H. C. Casldy. captain
of the Pacific Cricket Club, at that time
makes It unsuitable for the wearers of the
scarlet and black. \ The 27th and 2Sth of
October will probably be selected, the vis
itors to play against the Alameda team
on the '27th and against the Paciflc eleven
on the following day.
TRCPhjIES FOR THE
VICTORIOUS OfJRSMEN
The medals presented by the Eemi-cen
tmnial Admission day celebration com
mittee of the Native Sons and won at tue
*r:nual championship rowing regatta held
off Long Wharf September 9 will be pre-
Fpmed to the winners to-night at the
headquarters of the committee in the Pal
a<p Hotel at 8 o'clock sharp. The cluos
have bom notified and requested to have
their rm-n on hand punctually.
The following are the winners In the
various event*: Senior barge race First
prize, Pioneers, George Collopv. George
Ijiwson, Fred O'Neill and William Law
eon: second prize. Alanu-das, J. s Lewis
George L^-wis. David Greenleaf. F \v'
Ayers and Bert Cameron. Senior shell
race— First priz*. a. XV. Pape; -cond C
L. Ochs: third. J. B. Keer.an. Junlo'
barge race— First prize. Alameda* J c
K:amer. Ta> Roy Pollard. Bert Lyons Syd'l
nfy J. Pollard and Bert Cameron: second
prize Ariels, J. Nokcs II. Foiey, E. Smith
and J. Keegan; third prize. Pioneers
Thomas Lawson. George Boro. R, Yerian
anJ Fred Beal. Junior outrigged skiif
rnce— First prize. John Lewis; recond E
Kramer; third. E. J. Lynch. Junior gheli
race-Only prize. George McGrill. Senior
out rip-god skiff race — First prize, -F. W
AvfTf; second, Stanley AdxifrleV-Intermel
barge race— First pr'ze. Alamedas
E. J. Hainan. E. B. Thorning. Bert Guild
Harry Nelson and Bert Cameron; second'
prize. Pioneers. Thomas Lawson,. George
]{oro. It. Yerian and Fred Beal.
The Pioneers carried off sixteen medals,
the A lamed a* seventeen , the South Ends
fix. ih<> Ariel* six. the Dolphins three ani
thr- Tritons one. Most of the prizes are
medals, but some nf the winners, among
whom are Pape and F. Ayers, chose arti
cle? of jewelry.
At ib«? rosnlnr meeting of the Alameda
Boat Club on Tuesday nfght a committee
¦was .-\ppoirted to make arrangements for
the annual entertainment to be given on
NnvomlMT 2 at Armorv Hall, Aiameda.
The entertainment will be a high-class
variety show and the committee consists
of W. B. Hlnohman. J. A. Hammersmith.
Theodore Eisfeldt. F. S. Cone and George
H. Miller. The club's racing barge has
teen taken to Rogers' boathouse for a
thorough overhauling.
BFFORE the sun rises Monday. October 1. the shooting
marsh preserves in neighboring counties will b< alive
with gunmen, who will be cut in force to open the duck
season the very dry the law permits. Nothing but
duck has been heard among the shooters during the
past week. The rifle has been laid aside and shot has taken
the place of shell.
If the reports which have come to town from the keepers
of preserves are even shadowed with truth the first shoot of the
season should be a pleasant one. The marshes are said to be
well supplied with young birds, although the hot weather of
the laEt week has driven out flock after flock of ducks. The
opening day, which this year falls on Monday, will have a ten
dency to keep many of the shooters in town till the following
Saturday, but enough men will try the first day of it to make
the marshes scenes of cannonading.
The Field and Tule Club at Cordelia will have a large
crowd of shooters on its preserves. F. V. Bell, R. H. Dele
field, Dr. Derby, H. B. Hosmer and friend, A. F. Hopke, L. XV.
Harpham and friend, C. McMahon, H. L. Miller. A. M. Shields
ai:d friend, L. Titii3, M. Unger, J. J. Wirtner, F. H. Bushnell
and friend and A. Cummings will all try their luck.
The Canvasback Club on the Suisun marshes will be repre
sented by Joseph Sweeney, Herbert Kuhlmann, J. Kuhlmann,
Jame3 Maynard, Nary A. Wands, William Hynes, N. H. Hick
man and Clarence Haight.
Several of the members of the San Pablo Shooting Club are
out of town, but a few of them will be present to open the
season in fitting fashion.
M. O. Feudner.of the Pringle Shooting Club will shoot on
the preserves near Suisun.
The Empire Gun Club will celebrate the opening of the sea
son with a. bullshead breakfast on its own preserves. All sorts
of good times are promised thesnembers and their friends. A
bluerock and live-bird shoot are on the programme.
Several of the members of the Point Reyes Club, lately or
ganized, will hold an Initial duck shoot on their new preserves.
Reports show that their grounds are well covered with various
kinds of ducks.
SHOOTERS WILL FLOCK TO
THE MARSHES ON MONDAY
Much depends upon the ultimate conse
quences of the suit instituted by the In
gleside Coursing Association against the
Union Park Association to enjoin the lat
ter from operating during those days
which should belong exclusively to tho
petitioners according to the agreement
repudiated by the Union Park Associa
tion. It may mean the cessation of the
operation of San Mateo Park.
A strong rumor, equivocally denied by
some of the members of the Ingleslde . s-
Eociation, floated over the Ban. Mateo
Coursing Park last Thursday and caused
general comment. It was to the effect
that if the Union Park Association was
victorious In the present litigation Ingle-
Pide would not continue the operation of
San Mateo Coursing Park, but would
withdraw until such time as the old In
glrside Park could be operated. Nothing
definite was admitted by the Ingleslde As
sociation in regard to this matter.
Both parks will present good stakes to
day and to-morrow. San Mateo's card is
particularly good from the betting stand
point on account of the uncertainty of the
matches. The stake comprises a number
of high-class dogs and some of rather In
ferior quality. On the whole the drawing
Fhows many dogs whose perfrrr'inces
should be up to the great expactatlOSS.
At Union Park the stake Is particularly
good, many of the best dogs now in the
running being entered. Eighty hounds are
in the stake. Trains will leave at 10:15
and 11 a. m.. 12 m. and 1 p. m.
San Mateo's 80-dogr stake will be no
small drawing card to the leashmen.
Nominators in the John Grace Challenge
Cup stake, which will be run in Novem
ber, are hard at work training their dogs
As this stake will be for $6000 or more the
care and attention bestowed upon the
dogs is warranted.
COURSING MEN
HAVE NEW PLAINS
FOR THE GAME.
Much Depends Upon
Termination of the
Associations' Fight.
The Stocktons are now in splendid form
and cince the acquisition of McHale and
Graham there is no longer a weak spot
}>Li I vf am M * na *er Harper thinks
that he has a pennant-winning aggrega
ion and that it is not too late for him
to get Into the fight for first place h"
is coming to town this week bent upon
routing the Oakland* and making a d-1
cided gain, while the Friscos and Sacri
mentos are cutting down each otneV-t
percentage. Other managera have calcu
lated upon doing the samt thing in tho
past, but the Dudes have proved a stum
.™ S Ck frora \ h * winning of the sea
son. They are always winning at Inop
portune periods without apparently do
ing themselves much good. They have
not yet secured the services of Pete Loh-
Ir ' a j > bu t Thlrd Baspi nan Kelly will be
or. deck In this week's series
foHo C l . ine " up for the Same to-day la a3
Stockton. Positions. Oakland
f>raham Catcher Manserln*
Harper or Whalen.Pltcher.BorchersorMoskimaa
»treii> First base Hutchln^on
Courtney Second base ....Arrel an£
M°?r?;; Third base ......" K%ir?
h r fl^::::::;;;;;^^
Marshall Parlor. N. S. G. XV., has a
baseball team that is anxious to meet
t"£ .",/. th i? *J atlve Son teams in this city.
Presidio Parlor preferred
For just a fe>w flf-eting hours last Sun
day those aggressive young Germans on
the payroll of Hank Harris enjoyed the
ephemeral de'aght of being in tirst place
in the pennant race. The Sacramento*
had lost the morning game in Oakland
and the victory of the Dudes elevated tho
Friscos. But In the afternoon the cham
pions won a game and the Friscos lost tr>
Stockton, receding once more into second
place. It 13 unfortunate for the local
fans that the great struggle for the lea.t
should begin at Sacramento, for If th>»
two teams were to meet here to-day there
would be a 'hot time at Recreation. Park.
The series, however, will be watched with
a srreat d?al of interest.
The Friscos are now leading the leaguo
in team batting, and are also doing th«
most successful bunting. Their fielding i»
also first class, but to the team work at
bat may be attributed the splendid spurt
which -was begun weeks ago. There l-»
not a player in the team who is not will
ing to sacrifice himself regardless of hi*
batting record when there is a chance to
advance a base-runner. That la the sort
of work that has won pennants in tho
East, and it may have the same conse
quences in the West.
The annual meeting of the Los Angeles
Country Club will be held at the club
house on Saturday, October 6. when a new
board of directors will be elected. The
nominating committee consists of W G
Ke y l ?& F^ M> L y° n « Captain J.' J. Meylef
and W. E. Dunn. They will prepare the
regular ticket. . v
October 4 and 5 on the links of the Chi
cago Golf Club. It is expected that it will
be the most brilliant golfing contest ever
held In this country or in the whole of
America. J. H. Taylor, the present open
champion of Great Britain, who holds the
record on many of the moat famous Eng
lish and Scotch links, will certainly play,
and Harry Vardon. for several years
British open champion and a keen rival
of Taylor, has expressed his intention of
playing. It is probable that Travis. Har
rlman, Douglas and several other tine
amateurs will enter the contest. The tour
nament will be held under the -rules of
the United States Golf Association. XV.
B. Thomas, president of the association,
says that a cop or medal will be given to
the amateur who makes the best medal
score. As no amateur golfer has ever yet
won.flrst place or seems likely to do so it
has been thought well to offer this induce
ment to amateurs. If an amateur should
win the open championship he would re
ceive two hundred dollars, to be expended
in the purchase of plate. Among the
competitors will be Horace Rawlins, who
has already won the championship; "Wil
lie" Anderson, who lost It by only one
stroke; Alexander Smith, who was sec
ond in 1898, and is a brother of Walter
P. m ,'. tn^f n^ P rof essional of the San Rafael
Ooir Club. All these players are well
known In California. As soon as the com
petition Is over > Horace Rawlins will set
out for California, he having been en
paged as instructor of the Oakland Golf
The following: contests will take" place at
Sutro Baths to-morrow:
50-yard dash, juveniles— P. Revert R
Buckley. J O'Brien. XV. Carroll. J. Stock
ton, F. Carroll. J. Dixon. T. Fell. G. An-
V, e - r T, on ', E - K| PP. G- Hughes. C. Duke. E.
W ells. J. Shelton, G. Irvine. J. Rogers Q
Adler, J. Hanna. F. Banker, F. itundln
H. Stelljes. F. Paine. E. Dannigan H
bmlth. G. Buzzonl. F. Bodie. S Kerwln,
and C. Carter. •
Under water swlmminar contest, high
diving, for boys, and diving for plaies
open go all: 100-yard race, amateurs— j'
Bradley, K Keelar. C. Fredericks, J. San
ders. H. Mltchel. F. Ralston It. Rldine
P. Logue. E. Sunberjr. F. Ryan. F. Wolfe!
E. kgan, C. Curran. H. Wyates. P. Levin
and O. Lowenberg.
Trick and fancy springboard diving— H.
Dodson. A. Reese. F. Crodwer T Car
term. G. Wallace, J. Gardiner. J. Me-
G« ire - J T K ?J ly « J - Easmy. I>. Hand. O.
Mlsner. K Haywards. J. A. Jackson. G.
Kilburn. R. Cordel. F. Brown F Butter
worth and G. Kolber.
SWIMMERS WILL RACE
AT SUTRO BflThS
H. Dohemann. the popular sportsman
of the Mission, has Dlo&soined Into a cod
fish catcher. While fishing off One-Mi.*
H°il y tr terd ? y he iar de<i three codfldh
aggregating sixteen pounds Jn weight.
Codfish Catches.
SMALL YACHTS
WILL CROWD SAIL
AT SAUSALITO.
San Franciscos to Hold
Open Club Regatta
Around the Bay.
To-morrow the regatta committee of the
San Francisco Yacht Club will hold a race
for small yachts over a course having Its
starting and finishing lines off. the club
house at Sausallto. The regatta will be
open to all yachts whose owners are : .m
bers of any of the five yacht clubs on the
bay and the craft will be divided Into two
classes— those having a racing length of
twenty feet or less and those having a
racing length exceeding twenty feet but
not exceeding twenty-five feet. In .e
25-foot class are included the sloops May,
Merope. Nereus, Cupid, Phoenicia and Sa
bina. The 20-foot class includes A. M.
Cook's Anita, W. M. Edgell's yr.wl Dulcle.
Arthur Page's sloop Doris, Percy Burr's
yawl Kittiwake. J. M. Mattoon's sloop
Doris II, G. A. Story's yawl catboat Ca
price. P. Lamb's sloop Stella. Dalton Har
rison's sloop Idler and C. A. Gillette'*
canoe Rita. W. M. Edgell's yawl Dulcie
hag been taken up on the club wharf
where she has been calked, painted and
thoroughly overhauled. She will be sailed
by her owner and W. G. Morrow. Arthur
Page's Doris will be navigated by G. T S
White and R. B. Hogue. 'ihe course will
be settled to-morrow by the regatta com
mittee- to suit the weather conditions
then prevailing, the start beln^ set far
12:30 p. m. Entries will be received up i.il
noon. The regatta committee has full
charge of the race and consUtn of ex-
Commodore I. Gutte. ex-Vice Commodore
°^ T -, S ' Wh , ltc and George D. Campbell
To-day and to-morrow are open on the
programmes of the Corinthians, Encinals
Californias and South Bays. The Oakland
Canoe Club has a cruise, tc Hunters Point
on Its programme for to-day and a mixed
race for canoes and sloops for to-morrow
Several owners of the Oregon Yaent
Club have already hauled their craft out
for the winter, but the last race of the
season takes place to-morrow. Durin*
the past summer the moorn.g grounds n
front of the clubhouse have been crowded
with craft. The Hammond brothers' Ag
nes is now In winter quarters and J- ••-*
neson's Hazel will soon be doened. Dur
ing the winter the yacht Swallow will be
rebuilt and it is expected that several
new boats will join the clr.b next season
The Oregon Yacht Club has «own™
ly during the present vear and requires an
enlarged clubhouse. The Initiation fee will
shortly be raised to Its former flgure-K
COACH YOST INSTRUCTING A TACKLE HOW TO PLAY HIS POSITION
Championship Battles
Will Be Fought in
Succeeding Series.
Following Is the standing of th» teams
FRISCO'S NINE
MAY SOON BE THE
TOP NOTCH ERS.
C"lleg*>. cTub and school athletes will
race nr.d .lump on the Tanforan track
Ihla afternoon. For the first time in
many y<:;rs a great handicap field day
! ::s been arranged under the direction of
¦ ¦r O'jrjnptc Clubs,, and the athletes of
: • ih nrA\ orsities have showed a willing
: ¦ ss to enter into the spirit of. the meet.
ICptrfPs in large numbers have been re
<-r>ve<3 from the f niversity of California.
Stanford, the Olympic Club, the Young
Men's .Christian], Association and Aca
(Umic AthNtif League. Special interest
J-.;is hf-r-n displayed by the young sprinters
.•j!;d Jumpers in the preparatory schools,
f.s *.!vir consistent" and devoted training
riiiring the past several" weeks will attest.
At the universities, although the cham
ptonship season for their athletes Is
p-.ring. the men have been out In the
field and track, earnestly working for the
! andicap <-vrnts of to-day. Under the en
livening direction of G«-orge James, track
captain of the Olympic Club team, the
winger]. O performers have been tearing
up the f«-w remaining cinders on the
? 'iympif track for the last four weeks or
more. The Olympic Club numbers some
Etancb athletes in its list of eligibles.
The handicapping, a very tedious piece
of work, was accomplished by John El-
':r-it and his corps of assistants. There
is no man in California more in touch
with the athletes and their performances
than Elliott, and complete satisfaction
baa b< en expressed on .ill sides.
A train will leave Third and Townsend
nt 10 nVlock. The games are scheduled
for 11 o'clock and should be completed by
?• p. m . when the horse show and other
features of the Tanforan Fair will be in
<jr<ier.
The Tanforan track is In good condition,
although a trifle soft for racing events.
Ir: the field events some close competi
tion should be seen. An event which is
exciting general comment is the hammer
throw. *n which Edgren and Plaw will be
brought together.
The nfiloJals will be: Rrforee. William
Grerr Harrison; judges at finish— W. A
I'r. 'wcr. (if-orpf Jarr.< s. William Mackif
!i< M iudc*-s— Fred Koch. C. A. Cant well
;tnd Everett Brown; timers— H. Haden
.f-ldt. Cworz" Wetmore and Colonel
George C. Edwards; elf>rk of course H
A. Kr-p>r; assistants— George S. Mleh
nng. Eugene Van Court; starter. John El
nour measurer*— Victor Cagllerl and Sid
< avill; Bcorer. J. W. Coffroth; announcer
George D'xon. '
Amateur Track and
Field Experts Will
Compete for Medals
ATHLETES ARE
READY FOR RACES
AT TAN FO RAN.
rolled under the Reliance banners the fol
lowing will face a representative cardinal
team this afternoon: A. Thierkauf. cen
ter; Monroe, right guard; Weirs, left
guard; Hamilton, right tackle; Atkinson,
left tackle; Ahern, right end; Varney. left
end; Rodolph. quarter; Dinsmore, right
half; Coward, left half; Gus Thierkauf,
fullback. Meckley and Thomas alternate
end and half.
Cardinal football conditions have taken
on a new life that presages more evenness
In big game meets. While California, re
membering the dreaded staleness which
overcame a number of her players late
last season, has gone at this early season
work cautiously during the past week,
Yost at Stanford being forced to elim'nate
"greenness" among players, has cut out
tho liveliest kind of a clip and in four
weeks has developed an eleven which
should give a good account of itself
ngainst Reliance. In many respects it is
a better schooled team than that which
played under Stanford's colors last
Thanksgiving day. It executes plays with
more speed and precision and it can pain
more ground on ttraight play. Of course,
there are Individual weak spots, which
will show on the defense to-day.
The work of the new men. Slaker and
Seeley, will bo watched with no minor in
terest. The former battered Pennsylva
nia's great line for gain upon gain in
games in 1S28 and 1S9D. He is a quick 1
starting, heady line breaker of 178 pounds
in football armor, of rather short, com
pact physique, not unlike Reynolds, Stan-,
ford's half In "94 and "95. Seeley weighs
nearly £00 pounds, Is fast and aggressive
and a splendid man with the ball.
Practice, at Berkeley this week has been
enlivened by two important moves— the
initial line-up between the first and second
elevens and the reduction of the football
squad by Coach Kelly and Captain Prin
gle.
The Varsity has been made up as fol
lows: Cornish, center; Clay and Luce,
guards; Albertson and Pringle. tackles;
Braley and Womble. ends; More, quarter
back; Sherman and Duden, halfbacks;
Fautz, fullback. This line-up has suf
fered several charges in the short ten-min
ute scrimmages, but is a fair, criterion of
the early strength of the blue and gold
eleven There are at least two or three
first-class substitutes for every place but
guard. This position is causing the most
solicitude. Two big freshmen. Overall and
Ramaur, who prefer to try for fullback
but whose 190 pounds are needed more on
the line, will probably be trained for these
weak places.
For preliminary practice games the
work of the last four days has been re
markably snappy. The keen competition
for the empty places on the team is pro
ductive of very hard playing.
The football squad, for the first time in
the history of the college, has proved too
large and unwieldy to cqach. Nearly a
hundred men have appeared for work, and
now, after trying in vain to manage them
single-handed. Coach Kelly has Instructed
Captain Pringle to drop from his list all
clearly second-rate players. Such a policy
at this stage in the season Is unheard of
Candidates for Gridiron Honors at Berkeley Are Too" Numerous
for the Coaches to Handle.
STANFORD AND RELIANCE,
USHERS OF THE SEASON
SPORTS OF THE TRACK, FIELD, GRIDIRON, WAVE, DIAMOND AND
and is meeting with much hostile com
ment, but with only one head coach, as
sisted by two or three alumni, it has been
deemed impossible to give any satisfac
tory training to all candidates.. Therefore
mediocrity must give way.
The rrmaininc sfvemy-ttve men have
been divided into freshman and varsity
squads, each of which must prrpnrr in t s «
next few days for their first contests-tl^
••babies" against Lick Polytechnic «> i
Wednesday, the varsity against Re'.iancj
on Saturday.
The healthy competitive spirit on' ina
Berkeley campus is gratifying to the
coaches, who are doing all In their pnw-r
to foster the development of the team.
RELIANCE and Stanford at Palo
Alto this afternoon. That i« the
football programme for the open
ing of the gridiron srason proper.
: j . nd as it is the initial contest be
twrcn 1'iP teams the outcome is awaited
T\;:h rr.uih interest. During Ihe patt two
weeks the Reliance eleven has trained, In
line-up array, on the ring of the San
Francisco. Riding Academy. The Stanford
eleven has boon drilling on the Palo Alto
Held under Coach Yost's critical eye. It
is now in tho formative state.
Of the fifteen sturdy young athletes en-
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 20, . 1900.
The California Cricket Club will not
play out the matches scheduled on the
programme of the California Cricket As-
Boclatlon. It is hopelessly in the rear in
the race for the pennant and the members
of the eleven have lost Interest. Its cap
tain. Arthur Dickinson, who Is one. or
the strongest batsmen and bowlers, bus
4
i
fs-fj
\?m\
1
CLUBS.
li
hi
I
Pa.
irram
ha:
Str
i
fs-fj
\?m\
1
CLUBS.
li
hi
I
Pa.
irram
ha:
Str
Rainier beer bottled here: awarded medal
Paris Exposition for purity 'and quality.*
In 1S9S the tobacco monopoly yielded
France an income of 323.00Q.0M franca?
n P h?^! e M a njI « hear better 1 with their
right ear than with their left ear.Ukiah Excursion.
The California Northwestern Railway
will run an excursion to TTkiah Sunday,
September 30. Each ticket Insures a sent,
as none will be pold in excess of the num
her provided. Fare for round trip, $2.00.
Leave Tiburon ferry 8:30 ri. m.: Uklah 5:00
p. m. Tickets now on sale at 650 Market
Ft. (Chronicle building) and at Tlburon
ferry. • ,
NEW YORK. £e:>t. 23.— Philadelphia won
this afternoon by heavy stick work. Attend
ance 7oO. Score:
c l"bs- R. H. E.
Philadelphia 7 16 3
New York 3 2
Batteries — Orth and McFarland: Taylor, Car
rlck and Bowerman. Umpire— Snyder.
ST. LOUIS. Sept. 23.— Rain and darknws In
terfered in the eleventh Inning: of the ChlcaRo-
St. Louis R»nif. Both pitchers were hit hard,
but the fielding on both sides was brisk. At
tendance 1100. Score:
Clubs- R. h. E.
St. Louts 3 14 3
Chicago 3 11 ¦¦-' ]'•¦. 1
natterles— Jones ami Criger; Callahan and
Kiln?. Umpire— O'Day.
PITTSBURG. Sept. 28.— Leever's fine pltch
inR wa« too much for Cincinnati to-day and tho
homo team won easily. Attendance 3000.
Score :
l'lttf burff S 11 2
Cincinnati 1 7 2
Batteries— iLeever and O'Connor; Phillips and
Kahoe. Umpire — Emslie.
BROOKLYN, Sept.. 28.— The Bostons went out
in order In the last four Innings, Brooklyn win
ning handily.' Attendance 1400. Score:
Clubs— R. H. e.
Boston - ."! 8 0
Brooklyn ;...... 5 8: '-."I
Batteries— Pettlnper and Connors; Kennedy
and Farreil. Umpire — Hurst.
Clubs— XV. 1j. Pet. Clubs— W. I,. Pet
Brooklyn ...76 51 ..V>S Chicnso 60 67 4«S
Plttsburpr 74 55 .574 .«t. Louis 57 68 ,.45<i
Philadelphia 68 60 r,si Cincinnati ..5G 72 AV
Boston 64 63 .•")04 New York ..54 74 .421
the New York T«am.
WIN BY GOOD STICKWORK.
Philadelphia Bats Out a Victory From
credit to-day. In the second round of
mntclj play in the Western amateur polf
championship, paired with F. \V. Knott of
the Mdgowater Club, Smith negotiated the
first nlr.e holes In thirty-seven, or six un
der bogey. He also played under bopey
on the tenth and eleventh holes, winning
his match nine up, seven to play. The
results in the first round at match play
were :
W. G. T. Bristol beat \V. F. Schurmeler, 4 up.
2 to play.
B. H. Alhcn teat F. C. Miller, 3 up, 2 to
play.
A. C. Haven beat Charles Zublln by default.
c\ T. Jaffray beat T. C Palmer. 3 up, 2 to
play.
K. II. Horn* beat L. T. Boyd, 1 up. 19 holes.
J. I). Towne beat S. T. Chase, 1 up, 19 holes.
T. C. Aidrich beat P. D. Hovt. 2 up, 1 to
play.
Louis Allis beat P. K. Tynp. 1 up, 19 hole*.
\V« B. Plllsbury beat 11. E. James, 0 up, 3 to
plav.
K. I* Ames beat C. T.-Moffatt. 6 up. 5 to
pUjr.
A. D. Smith beat J. A. Walker. 2 up, 2 to
play.
R. G. Watson Jr. beat R. G. Watson. 1 up,
19 hc!e«.
W. Maleom beat XV. L. de Wolf- by default.
W. K Clow Jr. beat J. XV. Mariner. 4 up,
3 to p-«y.
T. G. Wilson beat F. G. Hallby by default.
Thorne n.;->:
W. A. H.ilfbird Jr. beat Georce A. Yule, 4
uji. 2 to play.
In th; Match Play for the Western
Amateur Championship He
Bsfeats Bogey.
LXKB FOREST, III., Sopt. 25.— Walter
B. Smith of the Onwentsia Golf Club
placed another amateur record to hia
NEW GOLF RECORD IS
WON BY WALTKR B. SMITH
Third cup":
J. I,. Ames beat W. F. Plllsbury, 6 up, 5 to
play;
W. A. Alexander beat T. M. Gllson, 3 up, 2
to play.
B. G. Watson Jr. beat A. B. Swift. 1 up. 20
holes.
W. M. Balcom beat XV. B. Clow Jr., 4 up, 3
to play.
¦ ? ¦
Dr. C. C. O'Donnell speaks to-night from
the cor. of Stockton und Market sts. •
William Waller vs. W, K. Esan.
.The second rounds at match play re
sulted, Thorne cup:
AVilllam Holabird beat W. I. Osborne, 2 up,
1 to May.
W. B. Smith beat W. Knott. 9 up, 7 to play.
Gale Thompson beat J. C. Daniels, 5 up, 3 to
play.
William Waller beat Walter Egan, 2 ud, 1
to play.
Second our:
W. G. T. Bristol beat R. II. Aiken. 1 up.
Louis Allls tjeat F. C. Aldrlch. D up. 4 to
play.
B. K. Home b»at T. J. Towne. 3 up, 2 to play.
Charles Zublln beat C. T. Jaffray, 3 up. 2
to play.
¦\Valter Knott beat Chandler Egan, 6 up, 5 to
play.
A. H. Smith beat H. P. Bend. 3, up. 4 to play.
Walter E. Egun beat M. Dorfln Jr., 3 up, 1
to niay.
\V. Osborne beat A. G. Bennett, 4 up, 3 to
play.
.T. C. Daniels beat Jolin Stuart. 1 ud.
Oale Thompson^ beat R. D. Wrenn. 2 up. 1 to
W.' A. Walter boat Albert Schaller, 1 up, 20
holes.
The palrlnc for the afternoon play was as
follow?.:
\V. n. Pmith vs. Walter Knott.
W. A. Holablrd vs. Osboine.
.7. C. Daniel? vs. Gale Thompson.
The California Pigeon and Homing So
ciety held its second rf.ee of the southern
series on Sunday. September 23. from Tres
Plnos. the 100-mile station. This is the
second of tho series for the silver trophy
presented to them by the club.
There were seventy birds competing.
Pigeon Races for Prizes.
TJore Pay for Pavers.
The pavers' union notified the Board of
Public Worka yesterday that it desired
to have ">O ner cent extra allowed for over
time nnd Sunday work for pavers, C. E.
Thrma?. chief of tne bure;iu of streets.
recommends that the request be granted
or that Sunday work be discontinued.
Kate C. Borgwardt was granted a di
vorce from George W. Borgwardt by
Judge Bahrs yesterday on the ground of
willful neglect. Suits for divorce wcra
filed yesterday bv Georgian;! Mooney
air.ilnst Arthur Miioney for cruelty.
Chlehini Angelo against AdPl Angelo for
desertion. Caasffl Kramer a.^alns* Jacob
Kramer for cruelty. N*»tt*e Hancock
againsc Charles N. Hancock for cruelty.
In the Divorce Court.
LONDON. Sept. 28.— At the last day's
racing of the Newmarket first October
meeting to-day the Rous memorial stakes
was won by Mr. Theobald's brown colt,
Volodyovski. ridden oy I>ester Reiff.
The Scurry Nursery stakes (handicap)
was won by P. Lorillard's chestnut colt
Tantalus. An all-aged selling plate of 103
sovereigns, the winner to be sold at auc
tion for 100 sovereigns, was won by J. A.
Drake's Swirl, guided ry 1,. Reitf. The
Candlemas colt, with Ted Sloan in the
saddle, came In second and K. Oorrigan's
Snaresbrook captured third place,
"Skeets" Martin having the mount.
The Bretby welter handicap was won by
Mr. Corrigan's Rose Tree, Martin having
the mount.
Their Customary Successes.
American Jockeys in England Repeat
LAST DAY AT NEWMAEKET.
which were liberated by Wells.' Farj?o ft
Co.'s agent a: 7:15 a. m. Th<» birds mads
excellent speed, three of them succeeding
'n breaking all records from that station.
This Rives J. S. Earnes another champion
ship for the 10C>-mile southern race. Ha
also holds the championship for the 100
mlle northern station, which his fast-fly
ing pigeon Snowfiake made on June 17.
breaking all records on the Pacific Coast
for young birds.
be deeply deplo-cd by manv fr'enda. Lat
last night ho was resting easily.
CHAMPION "JACK" BONNET.
WHO St'STAIXKD INJURY IN
THE HANDBALL COl'RT.
Tight a Dravr.
CRIPPLE < IlKKK. Colo, Sept. 2S.—
Jack Kane of California and Young Cor
bctt of Denver fought twenty rounds to a
• !raw here i"-tiisht.
F>;-rr.d rare— Purse $75, of which $13 to the
reco'id. One mile, for ponies. Weight 160
IK-.unds. F. J. Carolan's Fusillade (Parsons),
first: P. D. Martins Six Hits (Allen), second;
Charles Dunphy's Louise (Dunphy), third.
The vaquero riding was lively enough
for twice the crowd that was in the grand
Bt&nd. K'.ght or ten vaqueros from Baden,
employed in breaking horses for the Ger
man army in China, drove down a band
of t!~.eir i harjres and put them under sad
dle despite their vigorous protests. They
caught and rode five or six of the band
before the pony races were called.
The pony races were reduced to two o.i
account of the short time allowed. They
were the three-sixteenths of a mile and
on« mi!'*. F. J. Carolan's Princess Flavin,
with Parsons up. won the three-sixteenths
cf a mile, with Heath's Three Cheers.
Jones up. pelting in just behind. Golden
Rod and Louise finished three and four.
F. J. Carolan's Fusillade. Parsons up, took
the miic. with Six Bits second and lxiulsc
end Lugo distanced. The summary of the
two races follows:
First race— Pur?e t'o. of which J!5 to the sec
ond. Tbree-stxt'-enth* of a mile, for ponies 14.2
end Boder. WeiKht 160 pounds; four pounds al
lowed fcr every Inch under 14. Gentlemen rld
*r« F. J. <"ari'ilan"s Princess Flavia (Parsons),
first: W. Heath's Three «'heers (Jones), second;
C. Iiunpliy's Golden Bod (Durphy), third;
f'har'.cs Dunpliy's Louise (Hume), fourth.
TlTne. 21'^ r.ecr.nds.
O'Connor of San Francisco and F. Me-
Cormlck of San Francisco. The rules were
that riders could change horses as often
as they pleastd. provided they did so be
tween two lines, one on each side of the
win- and fifty feot distant. Flowers quit
after the third mile. The other Iwo kept
fin through the twenty-five miles. Mc
cnrmlck winning by less than a quarter
of a mile in one hour and four minutes.
McO.rmiek had the best mounts all
throufih the race, amors: them beins two
old racehorses. Don Vallejo nnd Perhaps.
He went five of the twenty-five mlies on
Don Vallejo. The race was for a purse
of £01.
Miss Marvin appeared first upon l>er
i own horse. Sporting Duchess, then she
' rode Frank J. Cardan's Gadfly and his
! Sporting Princess, putting the horses
i through many clever tricks and sending
each one over the hurdles.
The twenty-five mile race excited much
enthusiasm. There were three riders.
i Luke Flowers of Marysville. Daniel
The prowing interest in the Tanforan
Fair was shown yesterday by the ln
• creased crowd that attended. The races
¦ may have had something to do with it.
; but they were not the only numbers on
I the prosnimrr.e tna t_ claimed attention.
1 Miss Marvin's rldins. the twenty-five mile
: race, the pony races and the breaking of
j wild horses made up an afternoon's en
j tertainment which held the crowd to the
\ last train.
ClaFS 6. Hereford*, asred herds, herds to con
sist of one bull, two years old and over, and
four cows, owned by one person — Sparks first
with Wiiton Grove, Ida Mav. Armour Maid
l.'th, Sunset Etta and Wlldeye 3d: Whitaker sec
ond with Armour Neptune 13th and Eliza
Alamo, Sarah Alamo, Lady Alamo Eth and
Class ii, Herefords. cows, three years old and
o\fr— Sparks' Armour Maid l'th. first; Spnrks'
Sunset Jth, second. Two-year-olds — Sparks'
Armour Bose, first: Sparks' Queen of Fair
view, second. One-year-olds — Sparks' Ethel
Al.imo, first: Sr?rks' Sunset Alamo, secend.
Heifer calves under one year— Whitaker's Fel
r<>-«>. first.
Class 4. H»refords. bulls, three years oM and
over— .Tohri Sparks' Wilton Grove, first: James
Whltnker's Armour Neptune 13th. second. Two
y-ar-olds—Marzen's Artican. first; Whitaker's
Wilton Alamo 2d. second. One-vear-oMs —
Sparks' The Grove 1st, first; Whitaker's Miles,
ffcond. Bull calves under one year— Spark3'
L^lax. first: Sparks' Perfection 2d. second.
Class 3. Durhams. aged herds, herds to con
sist of one bull, two years old and over, and
four rows— Marzen lir?t with Sharon Victor Cth.
Lady Elgin 4tli. Waterfall 2d. Humboldt 3d and
Duchess Humboldt Sth: Baden Ktock farm sec
ond with Baden Duke 2Sth. Fldset 23th. Fidget
23th. FidfPt 30th and Fidget 35th. Breeders'
young herd— Marzen first with Humboldt Vic
tor and Duchess of Humboldt 32d. Amelia B.
Di.vi.1 l<Uh. Amelia B. David 17th and Bed
Bud Kith: Baden stock farm second with Town
ley Duk<> and Fidget 40th. Fidpet 41st. Fidget
42d and Lady Xcwham 13th; Howard entries
Fcratched. Get or one wire, four animals of
either sex, under four vears old — Marzen first
with 97th Duke of Wlldwood sire. Nevada Boy
2r-th. Nevada Boy 34th, Nevada Boy 3Gth and
Nevada Boy 3."th. Produce of one cow, two
pr.lmals of either rex— Baden stock farm first
v.ith Fidsret 3<Hh nnd Fidget 3."th: Baden «tock
farm s*-c.-.nd with Baden Dukp 33d and Baden
Puke 40th. Sweepstake, bulls of any age—
Marzen's Sharon Victor 6th. first: Oakwood
I'ark Ftock farm's Saxon Knljrht 2d. second.
Sweepstake, cows, any age — Marzen's Waterfall
2<1. first: Oakwood Park stock farm's Oakwood
Print ess. second.
class 2. Durhams. cows, three years old and
over— Marzen's Duchess of Humboldt Sth. first;
Marzen'a WHjerfnll 2<I, second. Two-year-olds
— Marzen's Beauty H 2d. first: Baden Mock
farm's Fidget 3'ith. second. One-year-oHls—
Marz*n's= Humholdt Maud 6th, first; Marzen's
Humboldt Mary 12th. second. Heifer calves
under one year— Marzen's Hed Bud 16th, first;
llarzen's Amelia I>. David l«h. second.
Class 1. Durhams, bulls, three years old and
ovei— Joseph Marzen's Sharon Victor 6th, first;
Baden stock farm's Baden Duke 33d, second.
Two-year-clds— Marzen's N'uxbee Duke, first;
Df-vls Brothert-'. Strawberry Adrla, second.
One-year-oldo— Baden stock farm's Townley
T<iike. first. Hull calves under one year— Mar
zen's Nevada Boy ?9th, first; Marzen's Hum
bcldt Victor, second.
BEEF BREEDS.
To-day will be the banner day of the
week. In the morning there will be a
flold day for athletes. A' special train will
be run from Third and Townsend streets,
starting at 10 o'clock, to take them down.
Then will follow the judging of several
of the harness and saddle horse classes,
with vehicles and appointments.
The judging of the cattle has been com
pleted. The results follow:
Charles Dunphy's Lugo (Hume), fourth. Time,
V.'M.
Clasp 6, Holstetn-Frieslans. aged herds,
herds to consist of one bull two years old or
over and four cows— Burke's Gerben's Empress
Josephine. Pet rle Kol, Buttercuo de Kol, Queen
of I^i fiesta and Carania of La Siesta, first,
nreeders' yoiinc herd, herd to consist of one
bull under two years old and four cows— Burke's
Ansus of La Siesta, Pet de Kols de Kol, Cur
few Bell3 of La Siesta. Lillian de Kols of La
Sltf-la, Bonita of La Siesta and Cream Pot of
La Slesia, first. fJet of one sire, four anlmal£
if either rex under four years old— Burke's
Tiranla 2nd of< Zozo Paul Mirabel, Tirania
Clothilda. Catnika nnd Golden Sarah, first;
Burke's Queen of I^a Siesta, Pastime of La
Siesta, Arrlola of La Siesta and Wnmla of La
Siesta recond. Produce of on» cow, two ani
mals of either sex— Burk^'s Pastime of La
SlfFta and Alva of Li Siesta, first. Sweep
rtake. bulls of. any afre— Millbrae Dairy's Ad
miral Paul Beets de Kol, first.
Class 6, Holstein-Friesians, cown three years
old and over— Hurke's Queen nf I,a Siesta, first;
Burke's Caranla of T*a Siesta, second. Two
ypar-olds — Burke's Arrlola, first; Burke's Pas
time, second. One-year-nlds— Hvirke's Wanda
of La Siesta, first; Burke's Lady Manraret nf
La Siesta, second. Heifer calves— Burke's
Cream Pot of La Siesta, first; Burke's Curfew
Bells of La Siesta; second.
Olr.ss 4, HoMeln-Frleslnns. bulls three years
old and over — Frank H. Burke's Gerben's Em
press Josephine, llrst. Two-year-olds — Burke's
Mpchthilt'us of I<a Siesta, first. One-year-olds—
r.Illlbrae Dairy's Admiral Paul Beets de. Kol,
first; Burke's Pet de Kols de Kol, second.
Hull calves, under one yenr— Millbrae Dairy's
Fansjes Palo Alto, first; Burke's Mabel Has
kins' Third Joseph, second.
Clr.ss I. Jerseys, bulls two years old— Thomas
Walte's Peter Shields, first. Bull calves, under
one year— Walte's Napa Hoy, first; Waite's
Fred, second.
Class 2. Jerseys, cows two years old — Walte's
Rosa, first.
DAIRY BREEDS,
Class 15. Devona. need herds, to consist of
one bull two years old and over and four cows
— Oakwood Park stock fnrm, first, for Glad
stone. Concord, Ysiden, Miss Kate and Ortepa.
Breeders' youns herd, to consist of one bull
under two years old and four cows — Oakwood
Park stock farm's Cator. Ysiden. MIfs Kate,
Ortega and Allcncon. Get of one sire, four
animals of either sex under four years old —
Oakwood Park stock farm, first, for Stonewald.
Benefit. Rakestone and Madcap. Produce of one
cow. two animals of either sex— Oakwood Park
stock farm, first, for Miss Kate and Stonewald.
Sweepstake scratched.
class 11, Devons. cows, three years and over—
Oakwood Park stock farm's Yslden. first. Two
year-olds—Oakwood Park stock farm's Allen
con, first. One-year-olds— Oakwood Park stock
farm's Seance, first. Heifer calves, under one
yenr — Oakwood Park Ftock farm's Madcap, first.
Class 13, Devons, bulls, three years old and
ever— Oakwood Park stock farm's Gladstone,
first. One-year-olJS' — Oakwood Park Htock
farm's Cator. first. Rull calves under one year
— Oakwood Park stock farm's Stonewald. first.
I.acly Alamo 26th. Breeders' younjr her-i, to
consist of one bull under two years old and
fcur cows— Sparks first with The Grove 1st and
Klhel Alamo, Sunset Alamo. Wiltona Alamo
and Dawn Alamo. Get of one sire — Whiraker
nret with Miles. Flavla. Felrose and Olga.
Produce of one cow, two animals of either sex
—Sparks first with Sunset Eth and Sunset
Alamo. Sweepstake, bulls, any age — Spirits'
I^-'Iax, fir^t. Sweep.'tnke, cows, any age —
Sparks' Ida May. first.
GOOD RACING AND FEARLESS
RIDING AT TANFORAN FAIR
THEODORE F. BONNET, editor of
Town Talk and champion hand
ball player of the coast, met with
a painful accident yesterday af
ternoon which may close his days
as an athlete. "Jack." as he is popularly
known by his friends, w.i? engaged in a
game of handball with Al Hampton at the
Olympic Club court. Just at the close of
the afternoon's game he slipped and fell
heavily to the floor. He was unable to
rise and had to be assisted to his dress
ing-room by some spectators. An ambu
lance was called and he was conveyed to
St. Mary's Hospital, where on examina
tion by the surgeons it was found he had
broken his left kneecap. The accident Is
deplorable, ns it may be many weeks be
fore the popular young newspaper man
may be able to resume his professional
duties. In the Olympic Club handball
tournament which take? place shortly one
of the best handball players on the coast
will be an absentee.
Mr. Bonnet is exalted ruler of the Elks
in this city and is immensely popular
around town. His painful accident will
Champion Player of
the Coast Breaks His
Kneecap in Prac
tice Game.
"JACK" BONNET IS INJURED
WHILE PLAYING HANDBALL
MEn^T'RIES WHO RAN*. SAXG.
PLAVKO BALL AXD BAN
QUETED DOWN BY HARBOR
VIEW.
tears fer de op'rators. 'Xuff sed. En-
Joy yerselves."
"Kids and loidies." he said, "when I sees
youse here before me fer otir secun' an
nual fiel" day. me heart Is filled wid Rlee
fcr de meps'n'gcr force, and sorrow an"
Then the beer was broached and "Cap"
Feighry handed hot air down the tables
in the form of a short "spell" of con
gratulatlon to his followers.
"Newsboy" Mitchell directed the races-,
which resulted a? fellows: Two hundred
yard dash, J. McPride won: 100-yard dash;
J. McBride won; 100-yard dash. J. Robin-
Fnn won.
The teams were captained by Al Prttch
ard and "Cap" Feierhry, respectively.
The "Californias" went down to defeftt
by a score of 11 to 5.
"Kids what wants ter see de ball ganio
'till line up ter dcr gran' stan"' announced
Al Roach, master of ceremonies, as the
two teams, the "Americans" and 'ho
"Californias," walked out into the field.
Moore, who played beauty to "Frenchy"
Oudet's chivalry.
QT'ITE a bunch of niopspnger boys
jf-urneyed out to the Presidio
athletic ground*i yesterday morn
ing and celebrated their second
annual field day with hemp
cigarettes, beer, baseball and three run
ning: races. There were several more of
the latter scheduled, but the unaccus
tomed exercise proved so enervating that
the remainder wore called off.
"Cap" Felghry and "Kmporor" Oudct.
otherwise "Fronohy," got up early aivl
had their forcep entrained by 9 of the
clock. With them went tho Messengers'
Quartet, whose soul-twisting melody
could not be dispensed with. Nick Car
ter, Pat Connelly. Tom Flynn and Al
Pritchard were the high? and lows, whose
pipes vibrated that mirth might be
greater.
Charley Miller, who has read "Frank
Merrlwell" twice all though and knows
the parts about blood and rescues by
hoart, played the part of the "wise ru>\"
or in more worldly parlance, he was the
"chape-rone."' }{p to«>k his camera.
"Red" O'Donnfll was placed in the
door and every kid that wished to lamp
the shows or cop the beer inside the tin
scalable fence had to ante up a dime to
the brick top from O'Farreli street. Hut
the joys inside. They were worth tho
¦iime. so the ladies as with one voice de
clared. By ordor of "Rod" the fair sex
was admitted froe.
"Dey keeps de scrappy kids fr'm pitting
too razam.itaz." explained "Duffy" Or«l
way in extenuation of their presence. The
loal lollapaloozer of the day was Maffgi-
The Tired Brigade Enjoys Great Sport Mixed With Beer
on the Presidio Athletie Grounds.
Second rnce— Six furlongs, three-year-olds
nnd up. selling:
126fi The Miller 103 1267 Gold Finder ....103
1272 Hom^tako 1<W 1266 Brown Prince.. .103
l?r,n Swlftwater 07 1269 Garbo 100
1272 Candlelight II..100 1250 Clarando 103
1271 Sidelong 103
Third race— Futurity course, for two-year
olds, rurae:
124S Moonbrlght ....115 1259 Lassitude 100
12F9 Richard S tno 1273 Phil Archibald.. 110
1234 El Tonic 10311249 Dunpeo 113
1241 Bell Young ....110 1 S44 Corn Cake 107
Fourth rare— On* and a quarter miles, for
three-year-olds and up, selling:
1270 None Such : 109 1229 Expedient 99
1271 Billy Moore .... 59 1208 Stromo ,. 103
126.1 Zarro WI125G Orady 112
12fil Evirato 109J1271 Kickumbob y\
1270 Ping 1091126S Edgardo 99
Fifth race— High weight handicap, seven fur
lorTC for all aces:
12.12 Formero 124 1274 Kl Mldo 115
1250 Good Hone 95 1270 Snips ..-. 107
12.-.2 St Cuthbert 112! 124S JlnKle Jingle 101
1263 Novia 110! 1252 True Blue 130
Sixth race— Six furlongs, three-yoar-olds and
up, selling:
1263 Lirr.ber Jim ...lfn!l!6« Hlrh Hoe 107
1272 Panamint W 1270 Alicia J03
: 12fil Socialist 10' :?fi9 Meadow Lark...l<K
12fi9 Storm Kin* IV 2G2 Amasa 107
1233 Lady Helolse....lO:J
Seventh race— Futurity course, for three-year
oMs and up, selling:
12CB Mldlove 106 .... The Bobby 113
1269 Tlburon 1<W> 12fi2 February 112
1272 Mike Rice 101 126fi Mocorlto 115
This will be the clcsing day of the meet,
and n.n unusually attractive card has been
prepared for the edification of racegoers.
Besides the free for all pace six running
events are down 'or decision, and the
greatest crowd of the week is looked for.
Frank Philips purchased the crack
three-year-old Sam Fullen some time ago
at Chicago and he will shortly arrive here
with the string of Billy Magrune.
Herman Hoffman of St. Louis wired
Secretary "Bob" Milroy of the California
Jockey Club that he would arrive here In
time to put two books on opening day at
Oakland.
Mounce piloted two winners yesteriay.
The youngster is capable of putting up a
very strong finish.
Following are to-day's entries:
First race— Pace, free for all, heats, 3 In 5,
r>urse:
Myrtha Whips I Edna R
Goshon Jim Cloe
Deli>hla \
Track Notes.
Lena (1CS), El Mido (10?) and Jennie Reid (107)
also ran.
Sixth race— Six furlongs; selling: purse J230:
Alameda Stable's blk. h.. Briar Hill, 100, by
Duncombe-Briar Rose (Ruiz). 11 to 5 1
Alaria. 107 (Fauntleroy), 4 to 1 2
Casdale, 103 (J. Walsh), 5 to 1 3
Time— 1:14%.
Almoner (110), Pilot (103) and Frank Woods
(104) also ran.
Undergrowth (97), Madge Simpson (93), Parsi
fal (110) and Alzura (1C2) also ran.
Fifth race— One mile: selling; purse $250:
Owen Bros.' ch. f., Flush of Gold. 97, by
Royal Flush-Gold Cup (Mounce). 8 to 5 1
Grand Sachem, 91 (Logue), 3 to 1 2
Merry Boy, 103 (J. Woods), 3 to 1 3
Time— I:4n4.
Second race— Five furlongs; selling; puree $250:
S. Judge's br. c. Gusto, 106. by Brutus-Irish
T>ass fMounce). 2 to 1 1
Billy Moore. 108 (Ames). 7 to 1 2
Little Sister, 100 (Stuart). 9 to 2 i
Time— l:02Vi.
Fernet (103),- Sidelong (109). St. Apolllnaris
(109). ¦ Gussle Fay «103>. Grey Bob (103) and
Kickumbob <W3j also ran.
Third race — Five furlongs: Felllnsr: purse $250:
T. E. Mclaughlin's b. k., Mike Rice, 103, by
J. H. Fenton-Mrs, McAllister (Russell), 11
to 3 i. l
For Freedom, 103 (J. "Walsh). G to 1 2
Bamboul'a, 103 (L^Bue), 9 to 5 3
Time— 1 :02%.
Candlelight (111), Homeptake (109). Druldess
(1C5), St. Anthony (103) and Panamint (112) also
ran.
Fourth race — Five and a half furlongs; purse
J250:
R. E. de B. Lopez's br. c. Articulate, 113, by
St Andrew-Utter (Shields), even 1
Phil Archibald. 113 (Frawley). 4 to 1 2
Piclclow. 95 (Fauntleroy), 5 to 1 3
Time— l:09H-
Time— 2:27',i. 2:27, 2:26^
Nearly every one of the six starters in
the closing: six furlong spin received more
rr less support, there being no pronounced
favorite. Briar Hill, ridden by Ru'z.
again had speed to burn, and never fiilly
uxtended passed the wire two lengths
ahead of Alaria and Casdale. Pilot was
outfooted. Summary:
KlrFt race — Gentlemen's road race; heats,
three in five:
Tom Thumb, ch. p.,' by Secretary (I*
Richardson) Ill
Ijocaleer. b. g.. by McBenton tSchwartz). 3 2 2
]..ady G. ch. m.. by Pilverbow (Doran)... 2 4 3
Imp, ch. £.. by Diablo (Parka) 4 3 4
It wouldn't bo surprising if Flush of
Gold proved as good a breadwinner as her
daddy. Royal Flush. Eight to live was
laid about her In the betting on the mile
run, with a raft of coin going In on Kl
Mirio and Merry Boy. Mounce, on Flush,
parjy assumed the lead and the fllly won
from the jump in l'Al 1^. Grand Sachem
in a drive downed Merry Boy for the
place.
Even money was laid against the St.
Andrew <;olt Articulate to win the two
year-old number, when 1 to 2 looked very
rosy, lie came home on the bit. with Phil
Archibald taking the place from Picklow,
a 5 to 1 shot, in a drive. J. "Woods, on «he
heavily played Parsifal, lost his bearings
rounding the horn.
Biily Randall's bay horse, Panamint.
went to the post equal choice with Bam
bouiia for the second live-furlone run.
The former acted badly, being finally left.
For Freedom led to the paddock, where,
under the hard riding of "Chub" Russell,
Mike Kice got up, getting the verdict by
over two lengths. Bamboulla ran third.
For the first running event, a five-fur
long dash. "Bill" Mu try's Kickumbob
closed a receding favorite, and ran a dis
graceful race. Gusto, the heavily played
second choice, collared Billy Moore below
the paddock, winning all out by over a
length. Show honors went to Little Sister.
The sport began with a gentlemen's
roadster race, four scoring down for the
word. Tom Thumb was the chosen one
in the betting and made it in three
straight heats. Localeer, driven by Mr.
Schwartz, suffered from intermittent
bursts of speed, finishing second in two
heats, and if better balanced might have
had a chance to win. Charles Parks, the
insurance man, handling Imp, lost third
money to Lady G.
After throe days of calm, uneventful
sailing the layers of odds at the Golden
Gate Fair Association's meet over at Em
eryville track ran into some squally
weather. About all the talent did yes
terday was to.cash'tlckets, and the prices
laid were not close. Although Kickumbob
ran ounces below his number, and Pana
mirit was left at the post owinc to his un
ruly antics, both ruling: favorites in the
ring, speculators got even by backing
Articulate, Flush of Gold and Briar Hill.
Flush of Gold and Mike Rice Choice
Plums — Meeting Closes To-
Day With a Fine
Card.
Books at Oakland Receive
a Drubbing From the
Smart Ones.
HEAVILY PLAYED
FAVORITES FIRST
MESSENGER BOYS CELEBRATE
SECOND ANNUAL FIELD DAY
!CEW YORK. So;u. 2^.— Three favorites
von at Gravesend to-day. F.osults;
Hurdle handicar. f>re and a half miles — Mon
roe t»octria«- won. Maze second. Einer third.
Time. 2:5S 1-8.
About fix lurlorxs— Elizabeth M won. Scur
ry second. The Puritan third. Time. 1:11 1-5.
Mile and seventy yards". r-ellinE— Dolando
mm. Kinc Barleycorn t-econd, Trepo third.
Tirr.<\ 1:«C
JLbout Fix furlonps 1 — Tarton won. Temrlar
second. Vatallst third. Tlror, 1:12 C-r..
'.:> aril a sixteenth— Favonlus won. Motley
;¦• «nd. Intrusive third. Time, 1:47 4-r..
Five and a half furlone*". sellinc — Snari.
«v.n. I'.illi.inaire second. Quite Itighl third.
Time. 1 :00
Results at Windsor.
Winners at Buffalo.
Cash Sican Wins.
Three Favorites Win.
ST. LOUIS, S< pi 2S.— Results at Kin
loch Park;
Sfll« anil a Blxteentli— Amelia strathmore
rvon. Sjlvian second, Itushflel'ls third. Time,
1:5:.
Six furlongs, arflinr — Vode Vano won. Di
fino Tonso second, XesUscaoe third. Time,
I 16.
S>"'V»>n furlnnfrs, FellinK— Our l.ady won, Boan
eecood. Glenbow third. Time, 1:32*4.
Mil" and a <iuartrr. s< Ilins - < trlanilnc won.
Grey F.irc<= second. Nan<ior>i third. Time. 2:IS.
p.v.n rurionc". wllinp- III K-iilar won. Old
Fox second. Tlckful third. Timf>, IJX%.
P!x furlongs— Small .I«ok won. Curd Oillock
Boeond. Ned Wickes third. Time. 1:11.
\t Kinloch Park.
CHICAGO. Sept 2S.- Favorites fared
Vacly at Hawthorne this afternoon and
Stoi one in t'i«* Jirst tjiroc ra.o€S was even
uhl^ io get Inside the money. Kesults:
Six furlor^s -Little Tim won. El Orient?
f--'-o::<-J. Hansworth third. Tim<>. 1:15.
Six furlonts- Dolly %V«?Ith>jIT won. P»t>e I>eo
crcor.d. La Golcta thirJ. Time. 1:13%.
Fiv^ lurlonss-nilnk won. The Butcher sec
ond, Cora Coetz thJrd. Time, l:01 1 i.
• Mile and a Fifteenth— Aloha II won. Rill
Oarrett second. Imp. Mint Sauce third. Time.
1:46*6.
Mi!e and seventy yards— Baird won, Ver
n^tta Ecccr.d The third. Time,
1:O»A.
Mile and an eighth— Walkrashaw won. K*
r.iff f<-coi:iJ, Macy third. Time, l:iG'i.
Happy Bookies Have a Good Day
at the Expense of
the Sorrowing
Talent.
• ¦?
In the First Three Races
Not One Even Inside
the Money.
FAVORITES LOSE
AT HAWTHORNE
MARSH IN THE WEST AND IN THE FAR EAST.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 29, 1900.
CHICAGO. Sept. 2S.— Lawrence Plerson
of the St. Lawrence University football
team, who was injured In a game at Lake
Forest, 111., Wednesday, died to-day at
the local hospital. His home was at Lex
ington, 111.
Killed at Football.
5
r>!-:TrJOlT. Sopt. 2K— Rom:!:* at W nd- !
por:
Fivp furlortps. Ff-llinc— W*. J. IVhoe won.
Sincamp sc.nmj, Maul* Ray third. Timf,
] :.
Six furlnnss. FflHnc— Jnlin McCarthy won.
Horn second, Russian thl«-d. Titnp. 1:14%
Bcvea furlongs, FP!!!r.R— !><v I-Vrris iron, Th»
1m- ppcond. Tr-u!ialin<> third. Tim*. 1:29.
Mile and seventy yarti;=. =e'1ing— Hairiicappr
won. ClowmioItna s-et-ond. Hfrmrncla third.
Tim^. 1:<5%.
Six furl<n^s. sf llir.c— I>ak«> I'onso wnn, Iola
v' < r..i. Ear! Frnyi third Tim*. 1:13%.
five and a half furloncs. scllinc:— Od* won,
< .'..itrui H-cond. Sacaeity third. Time. 1:CS.
BUFFALO. Pc\n. 2v— Results:
S:* furlnncs— Momentum won. FaliadoMC
ptHl. Mound Bnllder third. Time. 1:56.
Sis Curious*— Olcott von, 1'illardis-t second.
Vhite Clover third. Tim*. 1:14*4.
four and a lialr furioncs— Obey w.in. Drosr-
I :j M.^nd. Ida Qu:ck::m<> third. T:nv\ :ZZ*i.
Si\ fortcogg— Hacrtxnoortl »> n. tfauoe lioat
tileaway third. Tim*. 1:13.
Four anil e half furler.j;?— Tre'.ar wnri. Clorita
fccrcad. Ethel v.htat third. Time. 34%.
Seven furtotm. s=p11!h? — Orie I'.nwks won,
i:\it sfcor.d. Frank Mi-Ccnnell third, lime,
1 :27*i.
PARIS. Sew. 2S.— At Mafson La Fitte
S'estcrday Cash Sloan won tlio Biennial
prize. 15.0<Vt francs, ov^r a oourpp of 12<X)
niters on Count do Fel's Grand Pont.
Sir- — tatsn. r-i i:m lf Tny s ' Klti
Vrice 25 cms. All drugglFtB. or Bent post
tKiid on receipt of prUe. DR. PAUL DE
i QR.D. 175 N. Sprlnc St.. Los Angeles. CaL
LOST VICOR
RESTOREDI
' til cr vr:tc for b ek, fr:e
3J8 Stirnf Street.
Pan Frnnc'sco. Cal
DR.COCFER&CJ.,
7VIEN
Mfrk
FARIBAULT. Minn.. Sept. SS.-I^wls Pitt-
man, aced nine, died Inst night of Injuries re-
ceived in Monday's tornado at Morrlstown. This
makes the tenth death.
0 09^ OC82 CO95 iC8^ COe^^^CO^C^-^^
ri With Cffi3S3 in Porthnd, Or., £an Franciroi. Cal., SeatVs, Wash. «
?-% . 5«
% ANY WORK DONE BY U3 THAT D0B3 NOT PR0V5 SATISFACTORY "WTLL S
« BE ATTENDED TO FREE OF CHARGE AT OUR NEAR3ST 07FDB. |
| FULL SET OF TEETH, $5.00. j
I Gold Crown $5.00 R9 PiAYES |
| G -Id Filling $1.00 ** I
§ Bridgework $5.00 I
I Teeth Extracted Absolutely Without Pain. .1
¦R'i:. VT* are maklnc a specialty of gold crown and brM«9 work: the most beautiful. B
• g palnleM and durable of all dental work known to th» profeanlon. Our nam« alone O
§wll! b* » iruarantee that ycur work will be or tho b*»t. \\> have a sjvct&r.st In each rt
department. B«<t orwratcrs. best »olil workmen and extractors of teeth; In fact, alt S
the staff are Inventors of modern dentistry. We will tell you In ndvanc- exactly what O
w your.work will co?t by free examination. Give us a call and ycu will find w« do «x. D
actly a* we advertise. Q
§ New York Dental Parlors, I
1 723 MARKET STREET, San Francisco, Cal. |
I BRANCH OFFICFSJ -Portland, or, g
o DttrtP<V-n urriV-U^j SEATTLE, WASH, §
Dr. Picrce's Medical Adviser in paper
covers, is ssnt/rtre on receipt of 21 one-
cent iiaraps to pav expense of mailing
only. Address Dr. R. V. Pierce, Buf-
falo, n. y.
"When I oocuseaeed taking your rnedicin-
eieht«?m motilis nc^>- health was completely
broken down." mrtUiet Mrs. Cora L. Sunderlana.
of CtuateytWe. Cal-.-ert Co., Md. "At tiinci I
could not crta walk r.cros* the room without
p»<n^ in tnv cae.t. The doctor who attended
me i»3 :J I Bad lun? trouble, nnd that I would
»C"rri ix •well airain. At last" I coucludod to
trv Dr. Fiercf* jjnlicincs. I liought a bottle
of ' Golden Medical Discovery.' took it. and
soon commenced to ftel a little better ; then
vou direct &l nt to take both the 'Golden Med-
ical Discovery' and the * Favorite Prescription,'
which 1 did. Altogether I have taken eighteen
bottles of 'GV/ieu Medical Discovery." twelve
r-.f the "rsvorite Prescription.' and five vials of
• ;-i-;vts.' I am tiorr a!n:ost entirely well, and do
a',1 n:v vrorix v.ilhout anv pain whatever. an-ticaa
run with mOK ea«c than I could lonnerly zralk."
Golden Medical
Discovery. And these cures have been
wrought iw many cas^s after the doctor
had said — "There is no help for you."
Don't ;?ive fn to the superstition of a
past ag?. Give the "Golden Medical
Discovery ¦ a fair and faithful trial. It
ahvavs helps. It almost always cures.
TEE @fflOST
Of our boyhood resolved itself to an old
tree when we had courage to examine it.
Manhood h^s its ghosts, which, to the
man who has courage to confront them,
prove to be as harmless as tlje ghosts of
ADVERTISEMENTS.
THE EMPOEIUM. j THE EMPORIUM.
jj- Concert by full *J?TSSK ff^S^J^^Spl R^Jl K-freshmentsat J
753 t h i s (3^ Ooldenilalefiazaar. ,8 in the big >J
j^ evening. caufohnia's largest— America-^ osandest sioh» p.fg •'
I $32*50 and $13 Fall Suits Now S
5: Being Glosed Out at $9,S5* *
j^ Prior to ths arrival < f onr Record consignment of lien's Fall an' Winter Coth- •*•
X ing we wi?h to dispose of the broken lines kwoi hanl. Thee consist of \J
»,; hurdret's of singe and doub'e-breasted Sick Coat Fiitsof n'r.' i ani fancy }%
J, rrixed rheviot-i and Pa : fimere5, in rew, up-to-f'a'e ra f t»rn». Th*- are th? be^t - 1 *
£> Saita that we could buy to retail in the regular way ?t .<12"''n1 1-W» •*
V carh. They are tne itst of good bargains at th» cear.o" out X&tf!> - OS IS *"¦
J, rrce .„ vip£?z%&+& .V
K : s
\ * ? & £& * or a <iooti shotgun— A special lot of •«
K %jfr<*JpBHJ?*UP Hof kin= & A len V sige-^aire: tike-1>w.i Siotgn 1. chok^ >
J» . . bor^ 12?auj;e. 3)-inch. bost b usd steel i arre , pitent 5
fc » • jector, reboandinc lccV, drip levjr action, ca?e-hardened frann. checkerei black 'J
&* walnut pisto-grip stock; the very special price is for to-day on'y. jc
& — "5
£ $&%& "F^b for one dozen $5,00 Photographs— *
K Iffrf""* * HJF Tiiev are the new Oleron Panels « : z% 4\< inches, perfect *<5
J» pictures, finished in t'-.e best possible manner, oar regu'ar 3*
J, Sri.00 Photographs a-, thi=r social price until ctoifljj t : me to-ni^h l . »5
*: •- • ?
* di. for M e»'s 75o and $1 Working Shirts— : $
» Mide tf qod cas im»re3 in ligh? ai \ meii-ini cjlormgi, with. >»
J yoke* and pockat', a bi.j bargain fjr thi.^ d»y oa!y. *
k /ie^#S Saturday $i.OQ Fancy Waists, S
\s (wW&L* SpeviaSSate &3r S
\$ i&&WMw' ' r JI n ? T ' ea g. New Fancy 5
i Biack and CoVrefi 1^ Waists, smill or .J
•f Wsl^ Trimmed Hit, mid e <^si/ nie.inm aired •}
K mT W' f>t velvet * fe!t anl .— <&5L Polka dot', on ft
K i& CZ. W fi re ornament, rig- /^^''iCr**^ re '• bue, •**
iWt^F ulirly $7.5.;; spec al /v.V/1-Tf'Iffi ]S» lavrder, nav? '2
K /HIM to-dav c _ i.j/L 'Hffti tfjy und black grcund. x
ft •^w*' V*m2952 S <^A'i-#f/'fi7/ finite'! with -f
J. Back and Goo-- *, ,\& l $d* /^ bra« but'ons. all C
»T ei Trimmed Hats rifl^A J¥ //l\ *'' z -*' regularly X
J mideff fiiestfelt >^lf#^^ ' ( 'I fl.00 eah: on g
K wuh large v? vet '^^^^^^^ " sale to- fm a _ '5
S, 1 pompom, vslvat day on'y ©£»«? \f
9? or satin ribbon on (SF^y*5$j-f?V' 5*
J> hair, with elegant $8.5 0, $10. 00, 4P&&t 5
V oin.iment, r « g • Ve ¦ *>,? '^ ' x
Wuiariv 5D.50-. \£/ $12.5Oand$15 3«
$ 17 sfe$L Jackets, $5. W*$ jj
I Mn's Snsm'ess W^^^^f^^^ 3
i Hostzry, We a Pair. to-dav onfr, hay j .ur / k \\) «
K For Satnr'av only. M n's frst b acs and choice of "It oar fn?st / A\ • jj &
JI f 3 t t n co sock", made of a g o-J silk-Hie i Jac';et? E'l'-n -^S/M* jn &
¦ $ qmlity Spa IVa'd rottoi, with an and fly fonts, b!?ck, 'v2ylr f<\ £
t( iiiwh s->Iicr d h»els and toes, seam e«- ta"« and oor?. 'hit Z»^«4^ jf
jk and fuiranreed s:ain'e-s. about >"9 have b»»nS-\"i\ $10 OO f?dLl^l) I J«
I *» dozen in ar, on sale lo-day, per -a • $1?.S a "i »_*. «« "^''"fHf )> "2
: *' 3 We %\h.\ot..&&a%3U \
boyhood. One
Wj^mUiSS^^. which scare
™*$&n*"'*' &$r % a £ reat many
I^3j%V^r i^V^S people is the
I?*'* * v«$£fvt K^ ost °f lurg dis-
ease. But cxperi-
w5 ( <? r > J'^'iS.T'* tic^ djows this
*&*% S^S? hcsl t be very
harmless. In
S^^§ cases almost innu-
$&%& st ' nate coughs
P^C3L»^"^^^ly tions cured by the
.¦^^-fS'^i^lgiVjf^l "se of Dr. Pierct'sTHE CUBAN ELECTION.
THE election in Cuba for members of a constitu
tional convention passed off quietly and re
sulted in a decided victory for the nationalist
or anti-annexation party. This fulfills the hope of
the well-wishers of Cuba everywhere. There is no
doubt but a system of government can be easily
framed for the island which will preserve the inde
pendence and pronjote the welfare of its people.
- That an island people can remain independent and
maintain a government, even when not perfected
along the lines suggested by the experience of conti
nental countries, is shown by Hayti. While but little
can be said that would flatter the Haytian system, it
has at least maintained the island free from foreign
aggression and has discharged its international obli
gations. Doing this the outside world is but little
concerned with its domestic- administration, which
1 must be assumed to be- such as the. people require and
¦ indorse.
Cuba can be certainly no leSs capable of decorous
conduct ! in its international relation, while the su
pciior character of its people is a guarantee of a far
higher class of domestic government. The United
States, in its declaration of war against Spain, as
sumed the responsibility of advising the Cuban gov
ernment, and therefore the constitution must con
form to the enlightened principles of our own. As
sured of the realization of their hope of independence,
the best minds of Cuba are occupied with the problem
of making that independence perpetual and separate
and guarding it by well founded popular institutions.
When rotation in office has convinced them that "there
HOW STOCKTON GIRLS
NAMED THEJR WHEELS
(Stockton Record.)
Three Stcckton girls were taking a spin
on their wheels the other evening and
after riding several miles, stopped by tTu'
roadside to get a drink and take n few
moments* rest. They were quite merry
and vivacious, and the subject happening
to turn on politics, one of the girls, in 3
jjpirlt of fun, took a cup of water, and
sprinkling some on her wheel, remarked:
•'I baptize thee in the name of McKinley.
because you made a good run." Another
of the girls took up the cup, and sprink
ling her saddle, said: "I baptize thee in
the name of Roosevelt, because you are a
rough rider." Not to be outdone, the
thirn girl took up the cup and poured
quite a quantity of water over her th>\
with the remark: "I baptize thee in th*
name of Bryan, because you are full of
•wijid."
FASHION HINT FROM PARIS. I
I
Tommy— Say. paw?
Mr. Figg— Well?
Tommy— What kind of a man Is called
a "trimmer?"
Mr. Fiprg— Er. well, he's one of those fel
lows that hasn't the nerve to be a. shirt
waist man. but goes around lus-jring his
coat on his arm. — Indianapolis Press
Mrs. Icekold— Do you drink rum?
Mr. William Walker— Ah. wo't a relief It
1 ?,! o J Hstent ° a , Fens >ble question like dat:
All de society ladies I meet has such a
m^22l?22 M way °* sayin ' " Do you piav
golf? ''Have you met de Prince?" ''Aie
you off fer d* Peris Expedition?" Do I
drink rum? Sure. lady. Hav» you a bc
tle on your hip?— Judge.
I suprpsp." sald W111!e -vTlshlngton. in
a tone of apology, "that some of my
b ok £*,.. remlnd you of Joe Miller's Joke-
£f?%5 t f.n n> "v a i ls . wered Mlss Cayenne.
If Joe Miller hadn't written better ones
than they are he would never have be
come famous."— Washington Star.
A CHANCE TO SMILE.
PERSONAL MENTION.
J. F. Coonan, a lawyer of Eureka, Is at
the Grand.
J. J. Morey, a banker at Watsonvllle,
is at the Grand.
W. A. Anderson, a Sacramento lawyer,
is at the LJek.
K. J. Vorbe, wine-grower at Jfapa, is
staying at the Grand.
Mr. and Mrs. George F. Davies of Hono
lulu are at the Palace.
Samuel Matthews, a cattleman of St.
Helena, is at the Russ.
Lieutenant W. S. Hughes of the Phila
delphia is at the California.
J. A. McAIpine, a Redding mining man,
ia registered at the Grand.
Mr. and Mrs. V. S. McClatchy of Sacra
mento are at the California.
AV. II. Falk, a prominent agriculturist
at Arcata, is at the Occidental.
E. "W. King, superintendent of the asy
lum at Ukiah, is at the Grand.
Jesse R. Grant came up from San Diego
yesterday and isat the Palace.
• L. Mason of Sonora, an extensive min
ing man. is registered at the Lick.
Dr. C. H. Blemer of Sacramento, State
Quarantine Officer, is at the Grand.
F: R. Tuttle of Auburn, a prominent
business man of that place, is at the Oc
cidental.
Mrs. E. J. Chamberlain of Eureka, past
grand vice chaplain of Good Templars, is
at the Grand.
Cf. O. Webber, a lawyer at Santa Rosa,
is in the city for a short stay and is stop
ping at the Lick.
Mrs. A. B. Hammond of Portland ar
rived at the Palace yesterday. Mr.' Ham
mond is expected from Eureka to-day.
W. J. Stone came in on the Samoa yes
terday and is staying at the Huss. He
brought home a sack containing about
$15,000 worth of gold dust from Nome. His
father, Dr. Stone, is still In Alaska,
A'. E. Dreier, wife and son, of Honolulu,
arrived in , the city yesterday afternoon
on their way home. They have been
spending the summer at various Eastern
watering places. They have taken apart
ments at the California.
J. J. Guentherodt, a Colorado miner,
who has been in the Eastern Oregon gold
fields on an expertingr expedition, is in
San Francisco on his way home to I>ead
ville. where he was formerly mining edi
tor of the Morning Herald-Democrat and
the Dally Leadvllle Miner.
of cosmic dust thrown off by or consti
tuting the vaporous part of some comet
ary bodies has a number of advocates
PARIS GREEN-J. M. S.. Lafayette.
Cal. A licfuid for the destruction of the
codiin moth on apples is composed of
about one pound of paris green to 200
gallons of water.
HEIRS— H. M., Texas. If you d/sire to
ascertain if the heirs of two men who
lived in Texas in 1S40 are living in Cali
fornia, you should advertise in the col
umns of The Call.
LAND OWXERSHIP-X. N., City. Tour
question as to land ownership is not suf
ficiently clear to admit givinp a specific
answer, but. centrally, an individual can
claim only the land that is described in
the deed.
FUTURE OF SOUTH. AFRIC0.
PRESIDENT KRUGER has abandoned the
Transvaal to its fate, and dispatches from
Lourenzo Marquez announce the arrival there
of about 500 Boer refugees who have followed him,
but still some of the sturdy patriots continue the' fight
and are giving Lord Roberts about as much as he can
do to keep his communications safe and the raijroads
in working order. The prolonged resistance of these
men complicates the situation in South Africa and
forebodes trouble to the British in their efforts to
pacify the country and re-establish business. At the
same time the call for the election of a new Parlia
ment in Grea't Britain renders it necessary for Salis
bury to declare what he purposes to do in the direc
tion of pacification. The temper of the British pub
lic during the elections will of course be affected by
the reports received from Africa, and consequently
the guerrilla warfare there may determine the result
in a good many closely contested constituencies
British officers, civilian officials and newspaper
correspondents have begun to study the prospects for
a speedy resumption of business in the Transvaal, but
none of them has found anything to justify a sanguine
expectation in that regard. Discussing the attitude
of the people, one of the closest observers says:
"Along political lines it may be predicted with safety
that the majority will submit to and acknowledge the
new order of things. Yet, in many cases— one might
almost say in most cases — it will be submission and
not a ready and contented acquiescence. All degrees
of acceptance will be manifested. A few will welcome
the new government, believing that its results will in
clude a hitherto unknown stability. Some will be in
different so long as they are not disturbed in the little
round of a narrow life. Some, probably many, will
cherish an enduring hatred of England and her Gov
ernment, will instill that hatred into the minds of their
children, and, though seeming to "obey their new
rulers, will be ever on the alert for opportunities,
great or small, for manifesting their hostility."
As to the attitude the British authorities ought to
take toward the conquered people there is a wide dif
ference of opinion. Some of the correspondents who
have fojlowed Lord Roberts in his march assert that
the leniency of Roberts has encouraged the Boers to
resist and to continue their guerrilla raids, while
others maintain that the harshness displayed by Brit
ish troopers in raiding farmhouses and villages has
aroused a personal desire for vengeance and provoked
the wrath of the Boers. One set demands that stern
measures be taken to crush the guerrillas, and the
other asks that a more humane treatment be shown
to all classes of Boers in order that they may the more
readily be reconciled to the new government which ii
to be imposed upon them.
Concerning the business conditions of the country
all seem agreed that for many years," at any rate, the
main sources of wealth will be mining and cattle
raising. It will require extensive irrigation to fit the
land for profitable farming. In the end, however,
that will be achieved, and one student of the region
feels sufficiently* sanguine on the subject to say:
"South Africa is 3 great country-, and undoubtedly has
a great future before it, but that future, is not to-mor
row nor the next day. Some day, decades further on.
the world will need it, and will turn it into a garden
that will pay better than air its. gold mines. But it
will be a long way off yet, and probably few of us will
live to see it. South Africa is a sturdy infant, and will
some day, by and by, grow to strong and sturdy man
hood. I also incline to a belief that, when that day
comes, it will have a Hag of its own, and thatAfrica,
'from the Zambesi to. Cape Town,' will belong to. the
Afrikanders.'' . ,
THE CflSE OF E. T. COSPER.
COSPER of TuLi't. who while an Assemblyman
at the la-t ?es ? ion of- the Legislature broke his
pledges, betrayed his friends and wronged the
Republican party by casting his vote for Dan Burns
for the United States Senate, is now a candidate for
the office of Superior Judge. His candidacy gives the
jc^p'e of Tulare a good opportunity to pronounce
by their votes the judgment which honest men have
r i bis conduct. When a man who has been false to
one tni't asks 10 be trusted with duties even more im-
j k riant, it become? a matter of general concern that
prblic condemnation be made in a manner too em
phatic and too vigorous to be mistaken.
During the Senatorial contest Cosper pretended for
a long time to be among the firmest of those loyal
and honest Republicans who upheld the honor of the
party and refused to submit to the dictation of the
Southern Pacific Railroad. It was believed he could
be counted on to the end, and that when the victory
for the people had been won he would be among
the number of those to whom honor would be given.
The closing day of the regular session showed,
however, that Cosp;r had been plotting treason
all alonp:. He was. in fact, one - of the men
whom the Burns bosses boasted they had
"staked out" in the opposing. camp and whom they
cculd call over to Burns when the votes were needed.
On March 18. 1809. the final ballots of the reguhr
session for United States Senator were taken. The
Burns men saw defeat staring them in the face, and
:n order to gain time Dibble moved an adjournment
rntil the afternoon. The motion was lost. The bal
loting be^nn. and on the fourth ballot Cospcr descrte 1
the people and cast his vote for Burns.
At the time cf the desertion Cosper knew he had
violated his p!cdges r.nd broken faith with his con
stituents, and accordingly he hastened to write to his
home paper, the Tul.-.re Register, asking for a sus
pension of judgment upon his conduct. To. that
request the Register replied:
"It is not the policy of the Register to condemn
without a hearing, and yet we will not disguise the
fact that Mr. Cooper's voting for a man for United
States Senator who stands in the public mind as the
embodiment of all that is most objectionable in
American politics is st this time universally regarded
by Republicans of Tulare as a distinct betrayal of
tru*t. and certainly is proving a profound humiliation
to his party friends who supported him and main
tained to the last his entire trustworthiness in the
fr.ee of all criticism. Although the expressions of
opinion 50 far heard <ire that no explanation from Mr.
Copper is desired or will be listened to. we shall, with
out making comment at this time, place at his disposal
a reasonable space in the columns of the Register for
a reasonable time and ask on his behalf that con
siderate hearing which the law and an American sense
of fairness accord to all men accused of treason
against the bet interests of the State. Let him havi
his day at the court of public opinion."
To that fair and manly offer Cosper has never
openly and publicly replied. He may have made ex
planations to this man or to that man in private, but
hr ha* not publicly sliow'n any cause why he should
be acquitted of the charge of "treason against the
bevt interests of the State" by voting to elect to' the
United States Senate .-: man "who stands as the em
bodiment of all that is most objectionable in American
Cosper on the bench will not be more faithful than
Cosper in the Assembly. The powers tint handled
him a* Assemblyman will handle him as Judge. The
inducements" which led him in the Legislature to be
trny his constitccnts can ss easily induce him to be
tray ihe rights of litigants in court. In short, the
people of Tulare have tried Cosper and have found
him wanting in that strength cf character necessary to
resist the Southern Pacific Railroad. No such man
should be trusted upon the bench. The election of
such a man would be a wrong to every citizen who
has occasion to look ta the courts for the maintenance
of his rights against the aggressions of unscrupulous
Corporations or those who have their favor.
beneficent results. No: on the contrary.
Should it not be to fester those laws, pro- j
tect those people and that party which ;
brings such results?
This cry of imperialism which has been •
brought against the Republican party and \
Mr. McKinley is most unjust. The Dem- ,
ocrats, as we all know, almost forced the
country into this war, and the President j
was denounced beyond measure because j
he hung back so lonp and did not favor 1
war sooner, but after the Maine was j
blown up and our sailors killed in the
harbor of Havana there was hut one thing
to do. and that the President nmnfully i
did. Congress declared war and the result ;
is known to all. Admiral Dewey, with his
splendid little fleet, destroyed the Spanish !
in the bay of Manila, and the Spanish i
fleet on the Atlantic coast was equally j
annihilated, and no longer had we a foe !
to fight, but a suppliant asking for pence, I
p.nd in the settlement of that peace, '
which was ratified by Mr. Bryan and the j
Democratic party at the time, the islands j
of the Philippine archipelago were turned !
over to the American Government, and ]
because a few wicked and ambitious !
people of those islands who determined to ,
establish an oligarchy of their own raised i
the hand of warfare against the United j
States, attacked and shot our soldiers j
the President should not be blamed for
sustaining the power and authority of the
Government of the United States. Any
bellef that Republicans can harbor
thoughts of imperialism or harbor
thoughts against the perfect integrity and
liberty of our people is so utterly in con
tradiction to thtir whole character and
whole history that no person can for a
moment believe such thought. The Re
publican party was born for the purpose
of forwarding the cause of liberty, and Its
whole character from that time to this
has been that of liberty-loving people, and
the only opposers of liberty and civil
rights since the formation of this Govern
ment, I am sorry to say, have been in the
Democratic party, and this cry of imperi
alism against President McKinley by the
Democrats, who at this moment are dis
franchising the Southern negro, is a
wicked cry nnd withc-ut cause and made
for the purpose of deceiving the liberty
loving, people of our country-
I think the currency question has been
"fettled. I think our tariff laws are work
ing magnificently, and so far as I am
concerned I no longer hesitate to cast my
influence, whatever It may be. for the
continuance of the good times we are now
enjoying- and the party which caused It.
The man to whom more than all others
we owe thanks is William McKinley. I
believe him to be a pure man, a patriotic
citizen who loves his country and his fel
lows. These are some of my reasons for
no longer supporting Mr. W. J. Bryan.
OLIVER C. SABIN.
Washington. E>. C, Sept. 20, 1900.
THE PORT COLLECTORSH1P
ONE of the most important Federal offices on
the Pacific Coast, that of the Collector of the
Port of San Francisco, is now vacant. There
will be of course many applicants for the po?ition,
and in making choice among them the President will
be guided by the advice given him by the Senators
liom California and by others who are acquainted
with the State, its people and its needs. It will be
well, therefore, for ail who may be solicited to recom
mend this or that aspirant to bear in mind the grave
duties of the office and the importance of having in
the position a man who is thoroughly capable of ful
filling them not only with fidelity but with an un
failing efficiency.
Let it be understood at the outset that The Call his
no candidate for the office. It has no aspirant to
support, and therefore has no opposition to any one
who has a fitness for the position. All that The Call
asks is that our Senators or any others who may make
recommendations to the President shall exercise a
proper regard for the dignity of the office and the wel
fare of the State, so that the appointee will be in
every way worthy of the duties intrusted to him.
For the right performance of the duties of the Col
lector of the Port- of San Francisco the incumbent
should be a big-brained, broad-gauge man. He should
be one of sufficient sagacity to be able to promptiy
detect any and every attempt at fraud, and of suffi
cient firmness to resist all the pressure that is sure to
be brought to bear upon him to connive at violations
of the law in one form or another.
Such a man can easily be found among the Repub
licans of California, antf no one who falls below that
standard should be recommended to the President.
San Francisco is one of the most important ports of
the nation, and its relative importance is rapidly in
creasinp;. Every movement made toward the exten
sion of commerce in the Orient gives San Francisco
greater prominence in the commercial world. None
can deny that a man of far more than ordinary ci*
pacity is needed to fulfill the duties of the collector
ship. No man of any other fort should be recom
mended by our Senators or our people. We repeat
The Call has no particular candidate^*a-urge for the
place, nor any interest in the struggle for the posi
tion other than that of all good citizens. The one de
sire is to see the ounce under the control of a man
"who can be relied upon to perform all of its duties
with honor to himself, credit to the Republican party
and benefit to the public.
K\NSAS CITY JOrnNAI^-Even if-.
Hunna's n:irm^.-t friends are apnaUed :>v
his hcarttpss".'«s in precipitaiirj? me Ga.
veston flood «nd the Pennsylvania coal
strike.
WASHINGTON POST— In looking for
the disappointed man in a politic-) 1 , con
vention It is always safe to pick out the
one that moves to make the nomination
unanimous.
- rUlLADKI.PiirA TIMES— Senator n-v
eri l^e has been put to the humi;:ntlon of
furni.--hinjT ? speech to be consigned to tfv
fiam< r, a* a warning not to be to<» fr^sn
in the future.
DAI.US XnWS-Th? Stntf of T«-xa*
will remember the kind:i^*^ of th» coun
try to (Jaivnston and premises to the
world a Dew Galveston which will com
mand the ¦world's admiration and esteem.
ST. PAUii PIONKER-PRESS— Croker
can easily now raise his millions by levy
ing tr'bute on his army of placeman anil
declassed parasites, but he will hardly be
able to buy the people of New York with
the proceeds of his assessment.
BALTIMORE AMHRICAN-At this im
ment anti-imperialism is dyins of inan:«
tior;. By election day it will be unable t.i
summon a decent burial party, and U*€
election wCl be decided upon the issue
of free silver, the only one In this cam
paign about which men may honestly
differ.
BOSTON TRANSCRIPT— The experi
ence of the third party has confirmed
the impression we formed and expressed
early in the campaign, that this ia no
year fur side lines. Our impression was
formed on the experiences of the Go!d
Democrats in 1S9C.
CHICAGO TNTER-OCEAN'— No younjr
man who takes a cynical or pessimistic
view of life is in a proper frame of mind
to ccmmar.d success. The young man
who lends a willinp ear to the gospel of
despair, who has faith neither In his kind,
his country nor himself, is not in a prop
er mood to achieve success. The victo
ries of the v.-orld are for the trustful, the
confident, the hopeful.
NEW YORK POST— Our opinion is that
when confronted by th*» awful prosper
of a char.se of the standard of value Mr.
Bryan'.-' supporters would stand ajjhasr,
ani! would compel him to hold his hand.
We belteTc that they would recoil from
the cor.seouf-nces of their own platform,
but it !s already evident that the business
men of th»- country think that it woutd
be sheer madness to take that risk.
I.OClSVir.LE COURIER-JOirRNAl,—
Even In Paradise we are told the ear of
virtue WU not protected from evil whis
perings, and, once diverted from the path
of duty, as laid down in explicit law, who
can pive assurance that McKinley's weak
resistance will avail against the horde of
corrupt and clesf°mi.n.!» men. ready to over
ride all law for self-aergrandizement?
NEW YORK COMMKRCIAT. ADVER
TISER— Admitting a victory for the Gov
ernment, the elections are likely, to have
much interest from a constitutional point
of viev.- in regard to the continuance r>f
an effective opposition. If they whoiJv
fail to evolve that the system "of part/
government in Great Dritaln may be cof
orataly said to have underg-ona a substan
tial chanpe.
WASHINGTON STAR-Mr. McKinley's
letter cf acceptance, which has had tht
widest circulation, is in itseif a full and
candid resume of the whole case; and in
any f-peechea he migrht make he could bni
rlpeat. and here ard thero amplify, that
So that the susrsrestion that the President
take the stump contained nothing of
practical value, and has wisely enough
boen put aside.
ST. T.OriS STAR-There may be «nrr^
thir.c political in it. but if s'o the----" '*
nothing detrimental to the Repub: r cnfi
party. Whatever may be thought of the
matter, it is a fact that the census on
covers r.2S.<XX) manufacturing esrHbllsh
ments in tho United States in 1»H as
Et^inst 323.0CO in 1R». Better still, th*;
greater part of the increase can be cred
ited to the pa=t four years.
CHICAGO TRIP.UXF.— The German
vote, which earlier In the year wa^ at
tracted toward Bryan because cf t'.-~
vociferous c'amor obout "Imper'al'sm"
and "militarism," is erradually s-.vir.cr ! -~
bnck to McKinley, and the forces wii-'h
are causing «t to move in that d!re-t:o-a
will be powerful enough to give him a'
mo?t as many votes in thai quarter as
he pot in 1S%.
MIXXKAPOI.IS TIMES-dvtllzatinn
will have a frreat contract when sh» trios
her hand at Russia. They have been at
odds for so long: and seem likely to con
tinue to be in spite of the Czar's peace
projects. Darkest Africa mijrht be match
ed by the ploom of this Slavonic wilrirr
ness with its Greek cross srndinj? out a
feeble circle of light here and there. How
ineffectual its pleam is may be known
irom the fact that your true Cossack 13
the mest devout of Greek Christians.
SATURDAY SEPTEMBER 29. 1900
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Add^s*: A I Communications to VV. S. LEAKE. Manager.
M V> %<;i:il*S OFFICE Telephone Prr*«^2O»
Tl ISI.H AT1O.N OFPK'B.. Market nod Tbird. S. P.
'iVli'li!nuic hill "Ol.
KIHTOItrAI, ItOOMS 217 to 221 SteTMHon St.
Telephone I'remn -'»-.
Delivered liv Cnrrlern. IS Tent!* Per Wrek.
»iimli. 4~«!tie*. n Cento.
Term* !»>• Mnfl. Inrladlnz 1'oitncr:
!*H.T CALL <!nrli-..l!r-c S-.:nrtayV "ne yefir S*- M
1UILV OA!.!- <inrlu<11nc Hun.iay). « jr-or.ths !.0<>
DAIL.T CAUL. 'Irirludinc Bandar). ! months l.w
DAILY CAU By Pinplp Mor.:h €r>
FTCCDAY CAU.. One Y»ar A.. 1.50
WETCKI.Y CAU* Ot;c Yep.r l-»
All postmaster* «re nnthorired to receive
KOlfOrlptlODK.
Sample copies -nV.l be forwarded when requested.
ftllfl Fub-rrilwr* In cfif-rins ohanpe of aoMrces should *>•
;nri cJar 10 five both ;cr\V AND OLD AQDBESS In order
ti Insure » prompt snd correct compliance with their request.
OAKLAVD OFFICK 111S IlrondwaT
r.KoncE c. Knoc.\rcss.
Ma-a^cr F. rei^n Advert ; shg[. Marquette Building' Chicago.
(Long distance Telephone "Central ICIS.")
NEW YORK fORP.nPPOXPFKT:
C. C. CARI.TOX Herald Square
NntV Y<->T>K RKPRESKNTATIVK:
BTEPBIEX II. SMITH SO Tribune Bnlldlnc
NEW YORK NEWS STAND?:
¦Wsldcrf-AFtoria Hotel; A. Brentano. 31 Union Square:
Murray Hi!! Hotel.
CHICAGO NEW? STANDS:
Ph»rman House; P. O. News Co.; Great Northern Hotel;
Fremont Hou^e: Auditorium Hotel.
\V %*iHIN«;TO> .11. <-.» OFFICE. . . . I 1<><; G St.. X. W.
MOKTO> B. CIIAVK. Correspondent.
UK \\n. CFFICKS— "£7 Montgomery, corner of Clay, open
ur.'il tut oVlock. 3no Hayes, open ¦until 9:30 o'clock. 633
M^Aliieter open until 9:20 o'clock. 615 Larkin. open until
*:> (/clock. IStt Mission, open until 10 o'clock. r6l Market,
cr.rner Sixteenth. op»-n until > o'clock. ION Valencia, open
urtil !< oVIook. 206 Kleventh. open until 9 o'clock. N\V. cor
ner Tv.on'y-irfc^Tii and Kentucky. oj<en until 9 o'clock.
Views of the Press
on Topics of the
Times.
UP-TO-DATE
EDITORIAL
UTTERANCE
BRYAN ON SEVERAL THINGS.
w
r^ OLONEL BRYAN'S letter of acceptance was
l^ in the nature of a wet blanket. It consisted of
a running commentary on the Kansas City
platform, very dull end commonplace in its phrase
ology. It has as much flavor as a wet sponge and as
much sparkle as a dab of tar.
In no part of it does his capacity for misrepresen
tation appear in a higher light than in discussion of
what he calls government by injunction. On this head
he said: " While whit is known as government by in
junction is at present directed chiefly against the em
ployes of corporations when there is a disagreement
between them and their employer, it involves a prin
ciple that concerns every one. The purpose of the in
junction in such cases is to substitute trial by Judge
for trial by jury, and Is a covert blow at the jury sys
tem. The abolition of government by injunction is
as necessary for the protection of the reputation of
the court as it is for the security of the citizen."
It is very difficult to crowd more falsehood ?.nd
misrepresentation into that many words.
The injunction is appealed to as the most direct
and efficacious means of securing judicial protection
to the rights of property. It is not appealed to and
has never been appealed to in any legitimate dis
agreement between employer and employed involving
a question of wages or hours of labor. It is incapable
of application to any such disagreement and cannot be
invoked by either side to such a controversy. It is
a writ. long founded in the law. to protect the rights
of property, and is inapplicable to any such issue.
For instance, an employe cannot be enjoined perma
nently from leaving his employment or changing from
one employer to another. That would be infringe
ment of personal rights. Xor can an employe who
lias left his job enjoin the employer from giving it
to another. These things involve personal liberty
it; the highest sense, and the injunction cannot be ap
plied to them. But when a combination of men, un
der any pretext, claim the privilege of entering upon
the property of another, arid by their presence and
force preventing^ him from its legitimate use and con
trol, his rights of property may be properly sheltered
under a permanent injunction. So, also, when a man
claims the right to so use his property as to destroy
t'ie property of another, or block a common law ease
ment of any kind, the property threatened may shelter
under an injunction. Of the use of this writ to pro
tect property we have/he familiar illustration in Cali
fornia of Judge Sawyer's perpetual injunction against
hydraulic mining wh;n its operation fills the streams
with slickens and destroys the valley farms and the
navigability of rivers. The Sacramento Valley lives
under government by injunction. When the injunc
tion is violated it is contempt of the court that issued
the writ, and that court inflicts the punishment and
protects, directly anl immediately, the endangered
property. Colonel Bryan denounces this ''as a blow
at the jury system." The constitution provides that
a person charged with n capital or otherwise infamous
crime shall be tried by a jury of the district or vicin
ity in which the offense was committed. Colonel
Bryan is incapable of distinguishing between a capi
tal or otherwise infamous crime and contempt of
court. Either he is ignorant of the difference or de
liberately misrepresents. Crime involves moral tur
pitude and infamy. "Contempt of court does not.
But Bryan says: "If the criminal laws are not suffi
cient for the protection of property they can be made
more severe, but a citizen charged with crime must
have his case tried by a jury of his peers."
To call such stuff :ot is to dignify it. It is worse
than rot.
Equally defective and misleading is his discussion
of the Monroe doctrine. In his platform and
speeches it is demanded that we extend the Monroe
doctrine to Asia. In the celebrated special session of
Congress which he says he will call, if elected, he
proposes Mich a protectorate over the Philippines as
we have over the countries of Central and South
America "under the Monroe doctrine." We have no
protectorate in this hemisphere under the Monroe
doctrine. A protectorate can exist only by prior as
sent of both parties. The one protected must seek
and the protector must grant it. This hemisphere
was not consulted when the Monroe doctrine was an
nounced. It was this country's answer to the chal
lenge of the IToly Alliance. It is a declaration that
any attempt to plant or enlarge the monarchical in
ftitutions of Europe in this hemisphere is regarded
as unfriendly to the United States. Instead of estab
lishing a protectorate over other countries it deprives
them of the right to consent to transfer their alle
giance to a European sovereignty.
For instance, if the Brazilians should decide unani
mously to transfer their allegiance to their blood re
lations, the Portuguese, and to accept the sovereignty
of the house of Braganza. all voluntarily consenting
thereto, under the Monroe doctrine we would deny
them that right and would by force prevent their en
joyment of it. which Mr. Bryan will please observe
would be denying to them the consent of the gov
erned.
Colonel Bryan declares that, denial of the policy
of a protectorate is an assault on the Monroe doc
trine, while at the same time he proposes to destroy
the Monroe doctrine by a Quixotic attempt to make
it globular instead of hemispherical, and lifting it out
of its legitimate locus to spread it over Asia.
His discussion of these two things in his letter of
acceptance is that of ?. charlatan, and is another illus
tration of the shallow and illogical quality of his mind.
is room in their system for the gratification of . ail
worthy ambitions, the risk of change by revolution
will grow constantly less, and we may well anticipate
the rise just below our southern horizon of a republic
that is worthy to write upon its bow of promise the
motto esto perpetua, which is the inspiration of our
own perpetuity. Insular peoples are always patriotic,
and the island will feel the thrill of love of country
common to men whose land is girdled by the sea.
A well applied public school system will assimilate
her people in a common civic mass, and her long
tragedy will be forgotten in the peace, happiness and
prosperity of her future.
ORGANIZER OF THE SILVER KNIGHTS
OF AMERICA DESERTS BRYAN
Will Support the Party That Has Given the
Country the Prosperity It Is
Enjoying.
COLONEL OLIVER C. SABIN of
"Washington, D. C, who organized
the Silver Knights of America and
was the first secretary of that or
ganization, has deserted Bryan. Colonel
Sahin . was an active supporter - of Mr.
Bryan in the campaign of 1S96, but. now
he has announced that he will advocate
the re-election of President McKinley.
lie gives his reasons in the following
statement:
Editor San Francisco Call: Four years
ago I believed that the prosperity of out
country depended upon the remonetiza
tlon of silver and its equal coinage with
gold at the ratio of 16 to 1 in order to
give .us more money. Our nation at that
time and our people were debtors: busi
ness was paralyzed, and manufactories
had almost ceased work throughout
the entire United States, caused, as I
believed then and do now, by a system
«f contraction In our circulation medium
fcr money, and the Wilson tariff bill. The
Republican administration has solved
these problems and to-day we have more
money in circulation per capita than we
have ever had In the history of our Gov
ernment. We had 'esa four years aso.
Owing: to /the influence of the Dingley
tariff bill the - wheels of our commerce
have been set in motion, manufactories
everywhere are busy, opportunity for la
bor is abundant, and instead of our coun
try being filled with tramps (honest men
unable to obtain employment) labor Is
now looking for workmen and better
wages are being paid than is paid by any
other people on the face of the earth, ft
would seem to me that any person with
ordinary good sense ahould see that these
conditions ought to continue. So far as I
am concerned I care nothing about party
lines. I want to see those policies carried
out which will give us prosperity and
place the people in the enjoyment of those
blessings which God intended we should
have, and under this Republican adminis
tration we are getting that nearer than
we have ever had before. Mr. Bryan Is a
free-trader and you take the application
of his principles as tested, for Instance, In
England, and we see that, according to
the census of the United Kingdom, includ
ing England, Scotland. Ireland and Wales,
tpr the year of 1S90 there was one regis
tered pauper for every thirty-five Inhabi
tants, while in the United States, despite
the enormous foreign (migration, we had
but one pauper to every five hundred in
habitants, showing clearly that our sys
tem of protecting American workmen by an
American tariff Is the only system which
will bring prosperity to our people; that
is, the people who work with their hands.
Politics should be governed the same a3
a wise business man governs his business
affairs. If we see a man who is always
buying more than he sells and selling for
less than the cost price that man is sure
to fail; whereas we see a man who sells
at a profit and manufactures at a profit
is sure to rise. There is nothir g mys
terious in politics; there is nothing niys
terlous in governmental affairs; all we
have to do is to apply the ordinary prin
ciples of good sense and then follow and
let our votes register our beliefs. If we
believe in encouraging pauperism. If we
believe in the hard times we had prior
to this American tariff, then vote for the
party which caused hard times. It will
not do to say that all the hard times of
the Cleveland administration belonged to
those Democrats who were Clevelandites
as represented by Mr. Cleveland, for that
is not true. The Wilson tariff bill was
passed by a Democratic Congress and Mr.
Bryan himself is thoroughly opposed to
the protection of American workmen.
Then again, if we look at the present
prosperous condition of the country
everywhere and compare it with any
period of the Government which has ever
existed before, we find that our prosper
ity Is Infinitely greater than it has ever
been. We find that our workmen are
more universally employed and at better
wages and shorter hours than ever In our
history. Thon I ask what Is the duty of
the man who loves his fellow citizen and
who wishes to see the one who works
paid? Surely it cannot be to strike down
the system of laws which protects the
workmen and brings about all these
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 29, 1900.
A WASHINGTON' DEMOCRAT
WHO ABANDONS THE CAUSE
OF W, J. BRYAN.
United States Senator Clark of Montana intends to
make his campaign tour an adjunct to a traveling
! vaudeville show. And, strange to say, he lias made
Doheny of Los Angeles and E>r. P. Thrall
of San Francisco are at the Raleigh. A
N. Clark and wife of Fresno are at the
St. James. *
WASHINGTON, D. C, Sept. 2S.-Ed
CALIFORNIANS IN WASHINGTON
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
RED SUN-S., City. The cause of the
unusually red sun, sometimes * called
"blood sun." noticed during the recent hot
spell, has never been saUsfactorlly ex
plained. .The theory that It 19 due to the
earth traveling through a nebulous cloud
BLUE SILKDRESS.
The costume represented is "of Sevres
blue peau de sole. The short bolero has
lapels faced with white satin- the waist
eo*t is of fancy mousseline "e 9o 1e wfth
bands of satin ribbons in circles Th2
6
Special Information supplied dally ?.>
business houses and public men by tna
Press Clipping Burean (Allen'n). al3 Alan.-
Koinery at. Telephone Main 1043. •
TowTrsend's California place fruits 30c a
pound In fire-etched boxes or Jap. baskets*.
639 Market. Palace Hotel. •
Splendid Icecream soda, phosphates and
•water Ice at Townsend's, Palace Hotel. •
Splendid Cal. glace cherries. Townsend'-». #
French nougat at Townsend's
AMUSEMENTS.
r. .'iiT.Ma — "The Macerate."
< Vii^rnia— "AHa."
A'harr.J.ra— "K.Hv'p Kids."
« 'rxihoum— Vau VvllU».
<Jrard < 'ixra-h •use— "Blue Jean«."
Alrajujr— "Hi.« Japanese Wife "
T:\ n'.i — • 'Tan nha user."
1 '!;. rr.pia. earner Mas"n and Eddy (-tracts" — Specialties.
«"!rjte«. Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
evening.
Fischer**— Vaudeville.
««-r*>:iti'- '-•:>¦ — rtas»ba!1.
Sh.*rninri-<"l;.y Hall— Some R<»c:tal this afternoon.
Butitl Bath*— Open nic^ts.
Tar.fi rar. Park— Tbt Gnat Fair.
Eixiumiroe : .> Santa «"rtsz— PunJay. Sertrtnber CO.
AUCTION SALES.
n> V.. Cofea— Tfaia d»y. at 11 o'clock. Furniture, at € Mary'
Husband — Didn't voii tell that ccok I
•wanted my breakfast risht on themtnut-*?
Wife— I did.
Husband— And whac did she say?
Wife— She said that we all have our
disappointments.— Life.
Faded hair recovers lta youthful eolor .and
softness by the u«e of Parker's Hair Balsam.
Hlndercorns. the best cure for corns, li cts.
People of lmr>overtshe<t blood fall an eaujr
prejr to the rigors of winter. Tlestcre your
vitality by the use cf DR. SIEGEUT'S Angos-
tura Bitters^Time Sail.
Branch Hydropraphic Office. U. S. N.. Mer
chants* Ejcha^ee, San Francisco. CaL.
September 2S. 1900.
NOTE.— In tho above exposition of th« tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of th«
day In the. order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column gives the second tide of
the day, the. third time column the third tide
and the last or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day, except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights
Klven are In addition to the soundings on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus elfin (— ) precedes the height,
and then the number given Is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plan* of
reference Is the mean of the lower low waters.
Sun rises 8:03
Sun sets 5:56
Moon sets 9:19 p. m.
SATURDAY. SEPTEMBER" 29.
NOTE. — The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five mlnutca later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide li the same at both places.
United States Coast and Geodetlo Surrey—
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of tho Superintendent. '
Sun, Moon and Tide.
Sailed 8ept 27— Stmr Cottage City, for Skag
uay: itmr Humboldt. for Skaguay. . .
TACOMA— Sailed Sept 28— Schr Meteor, for
Ban Pedro.
PORT BLAKE"LEY— Sailed Sept 28— Schr Ma
weema. for San Pedro; achr H D Bendlxsen,
for Honolulu. *
PORT LUDLOW— Sailed Sept 27— Br bark
Sussex, for Freemantle. Sept 28 — Bktn Kliki
tat, for Honolulu.
SEATTLE— Arrived Sept 27— Stmr Dlrigo,
from Skasuay. •
Captain Nielsen of schr R W Bartlett re
ports sighting a dead whale in lat 84 10 N, Ion
164 44 W. on Sept 4. This position Is 27 miles
east of the position of the vessel reported bot
tom up by schr J G Wall. Probably identical.
Per stmr Samoa— Vessels In port at Nome.
Sept 11— Stmrs Albion, Aloha. Alliance. Elk
No 1, Centennial. Cbas D Lane. Tacoma, Ore
gon. Santa Ana, tug Discovery, U s stmr Hugh
McCulloch, tug Sadie, barge Skookum, schr
Barbara Hernster. In port at Unalaska— Ship
Hecla. stmr Newport. At Dutch Harbor— Nor
8tmr Her °- DOMESTIC PORTS.
MEMORANDUM,
May 22. lat 3 N. Ion 25 W— Br ship Thornlle
bank, from Oregon, for Queenstown.
POINT LOBOS, Sept 28, 10 p m— Weather
hazy; wind S, velocity S miles.
SPOKEN
Friday. September IS.
Stmr Bonlta, Nicolson. San Pedro.
Etmr Geo Loomls. Bridgett, Ventura,
Stmr City of Puebla, Jepsen, Victoria and
Port Townsend.
Stmr Newsboy, Higgins. .
gtmr Gicsy. Leland. Santa Cruz.
Stmr Scotia, Walvig, RockDort.
Br ship City of Benares, Hellsten, Queens
town.
Bark Undaunted, Davidson, Comox.
Schr Dora Bluhm, Smith. Kahulul.
Echr Mary C, Campbell. Fort Ross.
TELEGRAPHIC.
SAILED.
Thursday, September 27.
Br ship Dunearn, Gill, Queenstown; Eppln
ger & Co.
Friday, September 28.
Stmr City of Puebla, Jepsen. Victoria, etc;
Goodall, Perkins & Co.
Stmr San Juan, Brown, Panama; P M S S Co.
Stmr John S Klmball, Thwlng, Seattle; Kim
ball S S Co.
Br stmr Algoa. Lockett, Manila; U S Govern-
Schr Vine, Small, Mollendo, via Fort Bragg;
T C Bowrlnu & Co, Ltd.
Stmr Samoa, Jahnsen, 22 days from Provi
dence Bay; from Cape Nome, 17 days, and from
Dutch Harbor. 9H days.
Stmr Navarro, Jensen. 11 hours from Bowen*
Landtns.
Stmr Alcatrai, Carlson, 29 hours 'from Port
Los Anreles.
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander, 60 hours from
San Diego and way ports.
Stmr Crescent City. Etockfleth. S3 hours from
Crescent City.
Stmr Pomona, Shea, 16% hours from Eureka.
Stmr Salmo, Nilson, 6 days from Seattle.
Stmr Curacao, Parsons, 10 days from Guay
mas via Ensenada 45 hourB.
Stmr Grace Dollar, Fosen, 20 hours from
Usal.
Stmr Tlllamook, Hughea, 14 hours from Al
bion.
Bktn Planter, McNeil. 8 days from Port Had
lock.
Schr Lily, Bottger, 6 days from Umpqua.
Schr Pioneer, Mlkkelsen, 7 days from Co
lumbia River.
Bchr Sehome, Peterson. 10 days from Tacoma.
ARRIVED.
Friday, September 23.
Shipping Intelligence.
For Chile— 164 pkgs machinery, value $450.
For New York — 20f>0 cs canned salmon. 27,168
gals wine, 652 sks bone black, 26 cs household
goods.
The 6teamer San Juan sailed yesterday for
Xew York, via Panama, with a general cargo,
valued at {78,613, exclusive of some in transit,
manifested as follows: For Central America,
$40,973; for Mexico, 113,177; for Panama, $5700;
for South America. $450; for New York, $1S.
213. The following were the principal ship
ments:
For Central America— 15 bbls asphalt, 6 tins
bread, 1403 gals bottled beer. 144 cs coal oil,
140 bbls cement. 59 cs canned (roods. BO cs dry
goods, 10 ca drugs, 1177 lbs dried fruit, 3606 bbls
flour. 75 pkgs fruit, 6 mats fire-crackers, 516
pkgs groceries and provisions. 37 ca hardware,
65.725 feet lumber, 600 lbs lard, 12 rolls leather,
4545 lbs malt, 27 pkgs machinery, 7 kegs nails,
16 crs onions, 2S bbls oil, 10 bales oakum, 200
kegs powder. 6 bbls pitch, 103 rolls paper. 940
crs potatoes, 15 cs paint, 7000 lbs rosin, 79,594
lbs 99 mats rice, 24 cs stationery, 60 bxs
raisins. S0O0 lbs sulphur, 8 crs sewing ma
chines, 16 bdls spices, 36.149 lbo tallow, 4 cs
turpentine, 9 bdls steel, S kegs white lead, 19
bbls varnish, 2S6 cs whisky, 2823 gals 44 cs
wine. In transit— 14 ca silk, 22,500 lbs rice.
Value. $1150.
For South America — 100 bdls shooks, 12 kegs
nails, 2 cs drugs. 70 era onions, 22 crs vege
tables, 3420 feet lumber, 6 cs stationery, 7 cs
arms and ammunition, 11 cs oil, 6 cs paint.
637 cs hardware, 6 bdls iron, 7 kegs rivets and
bolts. 9 pkgs machinery, 1447 rails, 19 bdls steel,
610 kegs spikes. 11 bales belting, 10 cs candles.
100 sks coke, 6000 lbs wool, 103 pkgs fruit, 15
crs potatoes, 10 drums soda, 25 bbls tallow, 11
bdls spice, 38 pkgs groceries and provisions, 52
gals wine, 2 cs raisins. In transit— 2 cs silk,
valued at $1400.
For Panama — 366 bbls flour, 39 pkgs groceries
and provisions, 2113 pals wine, 10 bbls shrimp?,
5 rolls leather, 70 bbls salmon. 4277 lbs sugar,
200 cs coal oil. 900 cs soap, 25,502 feet lumber,
19 cs canned goods, 420 cs starch. 115 colls cord
age, 100 crs onions, 150 crs garlic, EO crs po
tatoes. In transit— 161 cs silk, 62 cs meats, 189,
700 lbs rice. Value. $S044.
Departure of the Panama Steamer.
For Victoria— 10 cs arms and ammunition,
1330 lbs baklns powder, SS6S lbs beans. 297 lbs
borax, 3 bbls cement, 1515 lbs chocolate, 2o1
cs canned goods, 42 cs drups, 1125 lbs; 65 bxs
dried fruit. 105 bbls flour, 7S5 bxs fruit, 12 cyl
gasoline, 51 cs hardware, 63 bdls iron, 10 bars
iron and steel. 73o7 lbs sh"»t lead, B cs musical
instruments, 0 pki?s machinery. 2-I.S30 lbs;
malt, 900 lbs: 10 cs millstuftp, 277 crs onions, 6
bdls pipe, 20 cs paste, 570 bales salt, 5 Mis
spice, 13 kegs spikes, 30 bxs raisins, 2400 lbs
suRar, 467 lbs tobacco, 17 bbls wire, 24 bales
wheat sacks, 21 crs vegetables, 1111 gals, 6 cs
wine.
For Sydney, Australia— 18,053 lbs hops.
For Cincinnati— 108 bbls pickled cherries;
for Minneapolis— 350 cs canned salmon: for
Syracuse, SO bbls ealmon; for Gloucester — SO
bbls salmon; for Burlington— 400 bbls salmon.
States, $9470. Total value, $21,937. The cargo
consisted of the following:
Steamer Movements.
TO ARRIVE.
IIAMEURG — Arrived Sept 28— Stmr Fuerst
Bismarck, from Mew York.
LONDON— Sailed Sept 28— Stmr Michigan, for
New York.
MOVILLE— Arrived Sept 28-Stmr City of
Rome, from Glasgow, for New York; stmr
Tunisian, from Liverpool, for Montreal.
QUEENSTOWN- Arrived Sept 28— Stmr Lu
canla. from New York, for Liverpool.
QUEENSLAND— Sailed Sept 2S-Stmr New
England, from Liverpool, for Boston.
SOUTHAMPTON— Sailed Sept 27— Stmr Au
guste Victoria, from Hamburg;, for New Yorlc
YOKOHAMA— Arrived Sept 2S— Stmr Victoria,
from Tacoma, for Hongkong.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
COLON— Sailed Sept 25— Stmr Alllanca, for
New York.
PANAMA— Arrived Sept 17— Stmr Costa Rica.
from Champerico.
Sailed Sept 10— Stmr San Bias, for San Fran
cisco.
PISAGUA— Arrived Sept 26— Br ship Falk
landbank, from Santa Rosalia.
YOKOHAMA— Sailed Sept 25— Stmr Olympla,
for Tacoma.
FOREIGN PORTS.
VENTURA— Arrived Sept 28-Stmr Pasadena,
from Eureka.
Sailed Bept 23— Stmr Pasadena, for Eureka.
HARDY CREEK— Sailed Sept 28— Stmr
Whltesboro. for San Francisco.
PORT TOWNSE.VD— Sailed Sept 23— Schr Wn
II Smith, for Callao.
ASTORIA-Sailed Sept 2S— Br bark Semantha.
for Quecnstown. ;
Arrived Sept 23— Ptmr Fulton, hence Sept 22.
FORT BRAGG— Sailed Sept 28— Bktn Willie
R Hume, for Callao; Btmr Noyo, for San Fran
cisco.
SAN DIEGO— Sailed Sept 28— Stmr Bruns
wick, for San Francisco.
XBAH BAY— Passed Sept 2S-Ship Governor
Roble, from Hongkong, for Port Townsend.
His boyhood's home is but little changed
—a beautiful old house of the kind which
rich Tories lived • In' then and which we
are apt In New England to call colonial
Had hammered stone for life in Concord Jail
Lowell would cross-question the old ne
ero who remembered Earl Percy's march
from Cambridge bridge to Lexington:
Old Joe Is dead, 'who saw proud Percy goad
His slow artillery up the Concord road.
And he tells how that tale grew from year
to year, so that if the old white-haired
negro could have lived a little longer.
Vanquished Percy, to complete the tale.
Lowell was born within a mile of
Holmes' birthplace ten years after him.
He never remembered a time when he did
not know Holmes, and he was among the
eager group of boys who heard with de
light Holmes' Phi Beta Kappa poem.
Those who are familiar with the writings
of both will remember the enthusiasm
with which they always turn back to their
Cambridge memories.
Dear Hale: The idea of a Phi Beta dinner
without my reading some verse la ridiculous. I
have a good motif already and have the poem
half written. I shall come and shall expect
to speak. Observe, I shall be very angry with
you. if you do not call me up.
So. as the man said who could not make
Clay's speeches but who once held his hat
when he made one, I can boast that I
have contributed one of Holmes' poems to
our college literature.
That would be a good working history of
this country from 1831 to 1S96 which could
be made from Holmes' poems. Lowell's
and Whittier's, with a few from Bryant.
Emerson and Longfellow. The "Biglow
Papers" would come In, of course; >Irs.
Howe's "Battle Hymn" and six or eight
good marching songs of the civil war. To
this anthology, perhaps. Holmes would
furnish the most. But the best of our his
torical ballads. In fact one of the best of
the modern ballads, none of which are
true ballads, is Longfellow's ballad of the
French fleet.
Holmes and Lowell were ten years apart
In age. Holmes liked to say that 1^09. the
year of his birth, was 100 years after the
date of Sam Johnson's birth. He pretend
ed to regard it as an "annus mlrabilis." It
was the year in which Gladstone was
born. This was always In a sort of bub
bling fun, in which he was at his best, In
which there was not the least fleck of con
ceit or vanity. He and Lowell were both
Cambridge boy3, and in a way were able
to link together personally the old war
days of 1775 with the war days of 1861. In
the Cambridge gardens of those days
were, as there are now. the wrecks of
Putnam's and Ward's intrenchments. We
used to point out staples in the ceiling In
Massachusetts hall from which we pre
tended that soldiers' hammocks hung
when the college buildings were barracks.
At West Cambridge they showed bullets
of the day of Lexington in the timbers pf
the wooden houses.
I may say in passing that I have often
been at one or another dinner party where
he spoke, where the audience made him
stand in his chair or even on the table
so that they might see him and hear him
the better. And, indeed, one does not
know his odes at their best unless one has
heard him deliver them. I will not say re
cite or declaim them, for it was always
above and beyond recitation and declama
tion.
He loved Cambridge and the college and
all college festivals with genuine and In
imitable enthusiasm. When we were both
well forward I had, as I said, by accident
to preside at a dinner of Phi Beta Kappa.
In making sure of the right people for
guests I wrote to Holmes and asked him
to remember the day, to which request I
received a very funny answer. He could
not come and would not. He was tired of
being tapped for verses, like a cider cask
for cider, whenever an anniversary came
round. He would not respond to such calls
any longer. To which I replied at once:
"Who said anything about verses? Not I!"
I was embarrassed with riches already. I
had Longfellow and both Qulncys. and I
know not how many others. But the boys
would want to see him, and all that I
wanted of him was to sit* at the cross
table and let them look at him; he need
not say a word. As quick as the two let
ters could go and come I had his answer.
It read something like this:
The little man answered tho call for
"Holmes! Holmes!" and recited that very
funny poem:
And who was In the catalogue
When college flm begun?
Two nephews of the president
And the professor's son.
Sometimes the entering class was small.
And sometimes there was none.
Lord! How the seniors kicked about
That freshman class of one. .
But when I saw him first our conditions
were reversed. It was in 1S36, and I was
in college. His reputation was assured
now. He was the young poet of the time.
People knew what he could do, and to us
boys he was the representative of young
Harvard. So, as we all sat among 20uo
graduates and undergraduates In the
largest pavilion ever heard of on the two
hundredth anniversary of "fair Har
vard's" birth, he was our hero among the
great men of the occasion. Webster,
Everett, Story, Shaw — these were great
men; but we wanted to hear Holmes, and
for us he bore away the laurels.
Well, my mother . was always on the
lookout for "pieces" for us boys to speak
when Saturday came round, and so
Holmes' ode was cut out from the paper
and I was made to learn it and to speak
it. That was the way In which in those
days boys learned by heart "Scots wha
hae," "Nelson and the North," "Down to
the Dust With Them," "The Turk Was
Dreaming of the Hour" and other like
lyrics which did them no harm. And
thus I first knew the name of Oliver Wen
dell Holmes. I used to tell him after
ward that I was the first of a million boys
and girls to repeat his lines on the school
room stage, and I think he liked me the
better for it.
Holmes was a lad of 21. He took the
cde, hot from his pen, to the office of the
Daily Advertiser, of which paper my
father was the editor. Of course the Ad
vertiser published the poem. It flew all
over the country. The "harpies of the
land" were frightened, cowed and blinded,
and the order was revoked. The Con
stitution is afloat to-day. We saved her
from Annapolis in the days of the rebel
lion, and now she. lies a shrine for wor
ship in Boston harbor, as the vessel of
Theseus lay at Athens.
The lightning: and the pale.
So the order was given that Old Iron
sides, as she was cahed familiarly, should
be broken up. This order roused Oliver
Wendell Holmes with a theme worthy of
him. He went up Into his little attic room
in the old Cambridge parsonage, the house
which was General Ward's neadquarters
in the. siege of Boston. On the roadway
below Prescott's regiments had formed
on their way to Bunker Hill, and tne par
son had offered prayers to the god of bat
tle. Holmes shut himself Into his litUe
room and wrote his immortal ode:
Nail to the mast her holy flag.
Spread every threadbare sail.
And give her to the God of storms.
With an ingenuity almost Machiavel
lian, the Secretary of the Navy, whoever
he was, acting in this amiable view, an
nounced that the Government was goins
to break up the frigate Constitution,
called for convenience "The Old Frig
ate." In truth, she was hardly thirty
years old; she had been launched in Boa
ton. In a generation she had revolution
ized naval warfare. She had fought with
success in many battles; she had escaped
as by a miracle from hostile fleets. But
she was a John Adams frigate, Massa
chusetts built and Massachusetts sailed.
To break her up before a generation of
the men who built her had died. Just as
the younger Adams had been turned out
of office, would be a good token that the
reign of the Adamses of New England
was Indeed finished.
It must have been in 1S30 that I first
heard the name of Oliver Wendell
Holmes. I was a little boy seven or eight
years old. The country had just turned
out John Quincy Adams from the Presi
dency. The Southern oligarchy, which, by
taking a Western candidate and electing
a Western President, had put New Eng
land upon the back seats again, sought
some fit opportunity to slap New England
in the face.
At that time I was very intimate with
him personally. I saw him almost every
day of his life, and I like to testify to the
firm habit of work which he had already
formed, which as an underlying founda
tion is responsible for his success in life.
Do not let any of the young authors who
read this think they are to work spas
modically or when the fancy takes them.
He says somewhere that he gave fifteen
hours a day to his duties as an editor.
It is impossible to attempt here any de
tail of Lowell's work. These papers do
not lnvol\'e any study of his methods or
of the secret of his successes. It la
enough to say that for the period of the
Civil War and the years which followed
it his literary life is all mixed up with
the life of a conscientious leader of the
people. He was editor of the Atlantic
Monthly and of the North American Re
viev.'—sometimes editor of both at the
same time. Besides the regular work of
an editor he was writing forcible articles
on the duties of the men of the fre«
States. If poetry helped In this work he
wrote poetry. If men needed prose he
wrote prose.
It Is one of the good traditions of our
Government that In Europe we shall be
represented by some men who have won
their spurs in literature. Mr. Lowell,
however, declined all the four great for
eign missions — Russia. France. Germany
and England. But he said to somebody in
private that if they had offered him Spain
he thought he could not have resisted the
temptation. Such an expression was, of
course, repeated in Washington, and the
Government "at once offered him Spain."
He ¦went to Spain, and they found. I nave
sometimes supposed to their great sur
prise, that they got businesslike letters
from him of great value and Interest. It
was the time when Spain had Just offend
ed us. and Mr. Lowell's business was con
ciliation. So satisfactory was his work
as a diplomatist in Spain that to his sur
prise he was offered our mission to Eng
land when there was a vacancy. He ful
filled his duties there with remarkable
success.
Some of h!s public addresses, especially
that on democracy, may be spoken of as
standard statements of what a republic
means and what it stands for. I have
been clad to see that the address an
democracy is used as a textbook in the
classes in some of our better colleges.
EDWARD E. HALE.
Roxbury, Mass.
I am fond of telling this story because }t
shows definitely the early period at which
he had impressed us all with a sense of
his power.
Mr. Hlgginson, In his charming- remin
iscences of that time, says he remembers
the interest with which the boys of his
own age heard that James Lowell wa3
not going to be a lawyer, but was going
to be a poet. The mere idea that any
body in the world should say that poetry
was to be his vocation and that other
work was to be what people like to call
an avocation in these days surprised and
interested a set of bright fellows like
young Hlgginson and his companions.
But without anything like arrogance this
determination was made. That Is to say,
after he had studied law— studied It care
fully — and had opened an oClce in good
faith, to show his friends that he was not
beyond wcrk or above it, Lowell deter
mined that he would give himself to lit
erature as his duty.
He corresponded with the Journals most
advanced in the politics of that time —
which meant with the anti-slavery Jour
nals. Some of his best work was written
for them, and it is quite worth whtle for
the youns gentlemen and ladles who are
reading this to try to hunt up In the flies
of the old newspapers of that day papers
of his which have not been brought to
gether In collections of his published
writings.
That was pretty grave news to tell an
affectionate father about a son greatly
beloved and dear old Dr. Lowell met It
by saying: "Oh, James promised me that
he would quit writins poetry and. wouU
go to work!"
I am afraid that most fathers at W
years would be glad if any son of IS or 19
would promise to "quit writing poetry
and to go to work." But all the same one
is glad in this particular case that the
country and the world did not lose "Sir
Launfal" and the "Mglow Papers" and
many others like them because a fond
father hoped that a dear son would "quit
writing poetry."
The story belongs here as one begins
to write about Lowell. It involves a cer
tain moral. It suggests the competition
between the goddess of work, whoever she
may be, and a half dozen other miMea,
more or less, who preside on such poetry
as theirs, a competition which affected
the life of Lowell— as ot Holmes- 1 think
not unfavorably.
Some year3 ago in his own absence In
Europe it fell to me oy accident to pre
side in his place at the annual dinner of
the Phi Beta Kappa at Cambridge. Ths
Phi Deta Kappa Society exists only for
the purpose of holding these dinner par
ties and they are very good fun. There li
a certain rule, stern as those of tha
Medes and Persians, that no word of the
after-dinner speaking shall ever go Into
print, so that you have men of every sort
of frame ready to talk to each other with
the freedom of so many sophomores at %
college dinner table. In maktr.s my prep
arations for this dinner party the advice
was given me, with a certain bitterness,
that I should not "trot out the old war
horses." To which I replied: "Really,
the 'old -war horses' are not a bad set. I
can have Longfellow and Charles France
Adams- and Holmes— and all but Lowell.
And let me tell you that the oay Lowell
graduated we knew as well as we know
now that he was going to be one of the
leading poets of his time. If you will tell
me who is going to be the leading poet of
his time among the youngsters who will
graduate here next Wednesday I will call
him out."
houses. His mother was not in strong
health and his training fell much into the
hands of an older sister, a charming
woman, who seems to have known early
that she had a poet in her charge. At all
events the training was just such as yon
and I might be glad that a poet should
have. Lowell's love of nature is noi In
the least manufactured and his acquaint
ance with hangbirdd and bluejays and
brown thrushes is the friendship of «*
man who hail known them from his child
hood. So in skating on Fresn pond, in
tracing up Beaver brook and In the free
dom and ease of his knowledge of tre?9
and flowers we find— I do not say a coun
try boy, but a boy who has been brought
up in the open air.
There is an amusing but pathetic story
about Loweirs fortunes in college whlert
has a lesson so important tlrat I believa
5t is worth repeating. I say this because
the person who himself put it in circula
tion was evidently proud of his own part
in it. This gentleman was in Rome in tha
spring of 13G3 when Dr. Charles Lowell,
the fa'her of the poet, was there. "I
heard that Dr. Lowell had not received
his American letters and as I had mini*
I thought I would go round and see him.
So I said to him that I had my letter*.
And he asked me what was the Cam
bridge news. And I told him that my
brother was to have the first oration ac
the college commencement. And I told
him that his son James had been 'rusti
cated' — that is, suspended from collect
and sent into the country in exile to work
with a clerical tutor. But I told him the
class had chosen James to be the clasj
poet."
THE HANDSOME NEW FOUR-MASTED SCHOONER FOREST HOME.
WHICH WILL MAKE HER FIRST VOYAGE TO PUGET SOUND AND
THEXCE TO SOUTH AMERICA.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
Matters oi Interest to Mariners and
Shipping Merchants.
The Arcluamunhnn loads salmon at Victoria
for Liverpool or Ix.ndon. 37s Cd. prior to ar
rival; the Consuelo. merchandise for Mahu
kona: the Ooryphejie, lumber from Puget
Sound to Sydney, Ms. prior to arrival; the
Eureka, lumber from Eureka to Honolulu; the
Fervnal. wheat to Europe, option of Cape
Town, SOs, prior tawarrlval; the J. C. Pfluger
loads at this port for Sydney, not at Eureka
bh previously reported; the Paramlta, mer
chandise to Melbourne; the Kllkltat, lumber
from Port Ludlow to Honolulu; the Republic,
lumber from Chemalnus to Australia: the 8*
T. Alexander, merchandise to Kahulul: the
Servia, lumber from l'uget Sound to Melbourne
or Adelaide, COs, or Port Pirie, 58s 9d; the
Spartan, lumber and merchandise to Mel
bourne Hump sum): the Sehome, lumber from
Hastings Mills to Valparaiso for orders, prior
to arrival: the German 3teamer Verona, horses
and forage to China for German Government.
Merchandise for Victoria.
The steamer City of Puebla sailed yesterday
for Victoria and Puget Sound with a general
cargo manifested a» follows: For Victoria,
$riS67; for Sydney, Australia, $2500; for Eastern
Owners of the Forest Home Enter
tain Their Friends on Board.
The owners of the handsome new four
masted schooner. Forest Home, held a
reception on board yesterday. Among
those who were present to drink a glass
of wine in honor of the new craft were
Phil Teller. John English, Dan Keere, "W.
S. Davis, Ben Gunn, F. II. McCormick,
Lewis E. Spear, E. P. Danforth, S. J.
Shannon. J. R. Folsom, Captain Metcalf,
J. C Faseoe. R. II. Swayne, John Hoyte,
\\". J. Wood&ide and many ladies. The
affair was a most enjoyable one, and if
half the wishes come true the Forest
Home should pay a 10 per cent dividend
within the next six months.
The Forest Home is 190 feet Ions:, 40
feet beam and 15 feet 3 inches deep. She
can carry one million feet of lumber.
From here she goes to Puget Sound to
load lumber for Callao or Valparaiso,
and at the South American port she will
load nitrate cither for San Francisco or
Honolulu. Captain McArthur goes out In
command of the Forest Home.
A Transport Returns.
The German horse transport Nurnberg
had to rtturn to anchorage yesterday. She
was to have sailed with about 500 horses
and mules, but when on" Lime Point the
pilot decided the vessel was top heavy
The horses were all below and the hay
and fodder on deck.
The transport was brought back to an
anchorage and 400 tons of pig iron was
put in her hold, after which she went to
sea. In all the months that Uncle Sam
has been running transports out of San
Francisco not one has been compelled to
return. The Nurnberg is the second of
the .Kaiser's vessels to put back.
A Navy Collier.
The Justin came down from the navy
yard yesterday. She carries a full cargo
of coal and is prepared to go to either
China or the Philippines. The chances are
that she will sail for Manila via Honolulu
and Guam to-day. Captain Scott, who is
in command of the Justin, was formerly
In command of the Laurada. That cranky
craft made several voyages, but a month
after Captain Scott left her she was piled
up on the Prybiloff Islands in order to
save the passengers and crew.
"Water Front Notes,
The bark Nicholas Thayer, from Bristol
Bay, was placed In quarantine yesterday.
During the run down the coast three Chi
nese died and the quarantine officer want
ed to make sure that none of the fatalities
were from a contagious disease.
The Pacific Coast Steamship Company's
Curacao arrived from Mexican ports yes
terday. She made the run from Guaymas
in ten days and brought a number of pas
seogers, but no news of importance.
C. II. Critchley of the bark Mohican met
with a peculiar accident yesterday. While
the cargo was beinsr sent down the chute
he srot in the way of a sack of shorts and
the result was a fmcture of the right leg
in two places. He was attended to at I he
Harbor Hospital by Drs. Robinson and
Bauer.
HANDSOME NEW SCHOONER.
THE most notable arrival yester
day was the now famous steamer
Samoa. According to stories sent
from Nome by The Call's special
correspondent and confirmatory
telegrams from Seattle, the Samoa must
have had a lively time of it on the Sibe
rian coast. Of the story hardly anything
remains to be told.
The Samoa brought down the following
passengers: George D. Roberts, Jesse R.
Grant. Mrs. M. E. Meyers, Mrs. G. W.
Bremer, J. B. Landfleld Jr., F. Rickard,
Walter B. Wlllett. P. Stanton, M. R.
Armstrong. Henry F. Ross, Lewis J.
Ross, S. V. Swasey. J. H. Mercer, W. J.
Stone and Don R. Dunbar.
Captain Jahnsen in talking: about the
trip yesterday said:
"I think there is plenty of gold on the
Siberian coast and the Russians know it.
Count Bogdanovitch's intention was to
seize our vessel and hold us there, but
Roberts fooled them. After leaving the
Alaskan coast we went as far north as
67 deg. 30 min. On the beach good results
were procured and then came along the
Russian revenue cutter Yakut. During
the night thirty or forty Chinese and Cos
sacks from that boat were put aboard the
Samoa. There is a Russian law, you
know, that makes it impossible for any
body save Cossacks and Chinese to work
on the Siberian coast.
"This all happened at Kailiutchln, and
the first thine we knew was that the
Cosacks had brought aboard their uni
forms and arms and ammunition. Then
Iiogdanovitch claimed the Samoa as a
Russian transport, and Captain Roberts
i and I entered most vigorous protest.
There was a passage of arms, particulars
of which have already been published,
! and then Count Bogdanovitch removed
$25,000 in gold, a lot of mining machinery
and ships' stores to the Yakut and we
started back for Cape Nome. They left
¦ us 311st enough provisions to reach our
destination.
"When we were in Clover Bay Captain
Roberts and Count Bogdanovitch had a
quarrel, and the latter came near to
losing the number o* his mess. Seeing
j there was likely to be trouble, I armed
my crew, but the Cossacks took water
and. as you know, the matter blew over.
It was an exciting little incident while
it lasted, but it is all over now. Just the
fame, there is plenty of gold on the Sibe
rian coast."
Gold Seekers BeuoikL From. Ex;peditio:n.
to Siberian. Coast.
Copyright, 1900, by Seymour Eaton.
LITERARY T/\I_K.S AND RBjniNISCBNCBS.
THE CALL'S
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
LITERARY REMINISCENCES: BY DR. E. E. HALE.
STEAMER SAMOA RETURNS
FROM AN EXCITING VOYAGE
THE SAN FRAiNCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 29. 1900.
TO SAIL.
Tn« time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-dajr—
1. e.. at neon of the 120th meridian, or at 8
o'clock p. m.. Greenwich time.
C O. CALKIXS.
Lieutenant Commander, tl. S. N.. In charge.
XVI.
7
Steamer. I Destination, i Sails. I Pier.
Czarina ...|Seattle |Sep. 29 |Pler 6
Pt Paul.. ..ICape Nome.. .|Sep. 29, 2 pm|
Luella |Caspar Sep. 29, 4 pm|Pier 2
Santa Rosa|San Diego Sep. 30, U am Pier U
Htrodot .... Hamburg Sep. 30, 10 am Pier 7
State of Cal Portland.:.... Sep. 30, H am Pier 24
North ForklHumboIdt Sep. 30. a am Pier 2
Pomona ...|Humboldt [Sep. 30. 2 pm Pier 9
Pt. Arena.. I Point Arena.. Oct. 1, 2 pm Pl«r 2
Arcata Coos Bay Oct. 1, 12 m Pier 13
City Rio J. China &Japan Oct. 2, 1 pm PMSS
Coos Bay.. Newport Oct. 2. 9 am Pier 11
Del ICorte.. Portland Oct. 2. 8 am Pier 20
Rarracouta New York Oct. 2, 12 m PMSS
W. Kruger. Tlllamook Oct. 2, 5 pm Pier 2
Iaqua Humboldt Oct. S, 4 pm Pier 2
Del Norte.. Portland Oct. S. 8 am Pier 20
Kur'eka Humboldt Oct. 3. 10 am Pier 13
Moana Australia Oct. 3. 9 pm Pier 7
AValla W... Victoria Oct. 4, 11am Pier 9
Corona .... San Diego Oct. 4, 11 am|Pler 11
Steamer.
From.
Dot.
Copt'o China and Japan Sep. 23
Arcata Coos Bay Sep. 23
Newburg Grays Harbor Sep. SO
Coos Bay Newport Sep. 31
Titania Nanalmo Sep. 3u
Del Xorto Portland Sep. 30
W. H. Krager.. Tillamook Sep. 30
Mineola Xanalmo Sep. 30
Empire Coos Bay Oct. ,1
Progreso Tacoma Oct. 'l
San Bias New York Oct. 1
Kureka Humboldt Oct. 1
Walla Walla... Victoria Oct. 1
Columbia Portland Oct. i
Corona San Diego Oct. 2
Coqulllo River.. Grays Harbor Oct. 2
Matteawan Tacoma Oct. 2
Luella Caspar Oct. 3
laqua Newport Oct. 3
Carlisle City ... China and Japan Oct. 3
Pomona Humboldt Oct. 3
Crescent City.. Crescent City Oct. 4
Bonlta Newport Oct. 4
• Umatllla Victoria Oct. 4
Point Arena.... Point Arena Oct. 4
C (Time! Tlma Time |Tim«|
" ' IFt., Ft. Ft. I ! Ft.
? !H Wl lliTV H W JL W|
29 ... 3:49 4.0 8:00 3.0 2:0« 5.1 0:25 0.6
30 ... 4:53 . 3.9 9:05 3.2 2:59 4.9 10:281 0.S
1 ... 5:57 4.1 10:27 3.3| 4:04 4.8 11:13 o.«
2...I 6:B1 4.4 U:«7| 3.0I 5:22 4.8
|L W HW| L W H W
3 ...I 0:27 O.fi 7:37| i.V 12:35 1.7 6:41 «.g
4 ...I l:» O.« *:isl 6.01 1:5S 2.1 7:51 B.O
5 ...| 2:09| 0.7| 8:58| B.3J 2:44| 1.4| 8:59 5.1
C (Time! Tlma Time |Tim«|
" ' IFt., Ft. Ft. I ! Ft.
? !H Wl lliTV H W JL W|
29 ... 3:49 4.0 8:00 3.0 2:0« 5.1 0:25 0.6
30 ... 4:53 . 3.9 9:05 3.2 2:59 4.9 10:281 0.S
1 ... 5:57 4.1 10:27 3.3| 4:04 4.8 11:13 o.«
2...I 6:B1 4.4 U:«7| 3.0I 5:22 4.8
|L W HW| L W H W
3 ...I 0:27 O.fi 7:37| i.V 12:35 1.7 6:41 «.g
4 ...I l:» O.« *:isl 6.01 1:5S 2.1 7:51 B.O
5 ...| 2:09| 0.7| 8:58| B.3J 2:44| 1.4| 8:59 5.1
Steamer. I Destination, i Sails. I Pier.
Czarina ...|Seattle |Sep. 29 |Pler 6
Pt Paul.. ..ICape Nome.. .|Sep. 29, 2 pm|
Luella |Caspar Sep. 29, 4 pm|Pier 2
Santa Rosa|San Diego Sep. 30, U am Pier U
Htrodot .... Hamburg Sep. 30, 10 am Pier 7
State of Cal Portland.:.... Sep. 30, H am Pier 24
North ForklHumboIdt Sep. 30. a am Pier 2
Pomona ...|Humboldt [Sep. 30. 2 pm Pier 9
Pt. Arena.. I Point Arena.. Oct. 1, 2 pm Pl«r 2
Arcata Coos Bay Oct. 1, 12 m Pier 13
City Rio J. China &Japan Oct. 2, 1 pm PMSS
Coos Bay.. Newport Oct. 2. 9 am Pier 11
Del ICorte.. Portland Oct. 2. 8 am Pier 20
Rarracouta New York Oct. 2, 12 m PMSS
W. Kruger. Tlllamook Oct. 2, 5 pm Pier 2
Iaqua Humboldt Oct. S, 4 pm Pier 2
Del Norte.. Portland Oct. S. 8 am Pier 20
Kur'eka Humboldt Oct. 3. 10 am Pier 13
Moana Australia Oct. 3. 9 pm Pier 7
AValla W... Victoria Oct. 4, 11am Pier 9
Corona .... San Diego Oct. 4, 11 am|Pler 11
Steamer.
From.
Dot.
Copt'o China and Japan Sep. 23
Arcata Coos Bay Sep. 23
Newburg Grays Harbor Sep. SO
Coos Bay Newport Sep. 31
Titania Nanalmo Sep. 3u
Del Xorto Portland Sep. 30
W. H. Krager.. Tillamook Sep. 30
Mineola Xanalmo Sep. 30
Empire Coos Bay Oct. ,1
Progreso Tacoma Oct. 'l
San Bias New York Oct. 1
Kureka Humboldt Oct. 1
Walla Walla... Victoria Oct. 1
Columbia Portland Oct. i
Corona San Diego Oct. 2
Coqulllo River.. Grays Harbor Oct. 2
Matteawan Tacoma Oct. 2
Luella Caspar Oct. 3
laqua Newport Oct. 3
Carlisle City ... China and Japan Oct. 3
Pomona Humboldt Oct. 3
Crescent City.. Crescent City Oct. 4
Bonlta Newport Oct. 4
• Umatllla Victoria Oct. 4
Point Arena.... Point Arena Oct. 4
All sorts of people use it, all sorts of stores
m sell it, especially druggists.
Its least virtue is that
it lasts so.
Soap is for comfort; the
clean are comfortable.
Pears' soap cleanliness^ —
is perfect cleanliness.
II lliimiilM Ml Hif I Mil M LI
'O *
FOND DU LAC, Wls.. Sept S.-The Helmer
milling plant, together with a large elevator
adjotnins. which contained 30.000 buahela of
grain, burned to-day. Loss JC3.0CO.
AMUSEMENTS^
NO MORE DISAPPOINTMENTS.
NO MORE DELAYS.
NO MORE POSTPONEMENTS |
TO.NtCHT SU'.-ff-;i
FIRST APPEARANCE OF ;
The hzn\i tialiai Iraad opera Co.
¦With Earbarei>chl. Collamarlnl, Castellano.
Bfllasrarr.ba. Lucenti. Garavaglia and Cortes in !
the cast. 1
To- morrow CSundajr) Night, "Carmen." with ]
Collamarlni. Turconi-Hruni. Ca=tellano. Bella- j
gair.ba. Berotto. Borg'.a, Garavaglia, Cortes
and I'asott in the cart.
XO ADVANCE IN PRICES.
Reserved Seats, Nlsht, "tc, 50c, 25c. Mat-
inee, 50c, 2T>c.
SANTA CRUZ
EXCJJRSION\
Under the Manaj^mont of TVM. H. MENTON,
Excursion Pass^ncer Agent.
VIA COAST LINE NARROW GAUGE
SOUTHERN PACIFIC COMPANY.
SUNDAY SEPTEMBER 30 i
. . . BATHING BEACH . . .
F!nei>t S»n.1. Smooth and Cl<?an. Good Bath-
houses an.1 Obligir.r Attendants.
Oc«-an Fishincr or Trout Flying in the BrooKs.
V.'.g Tree Grove Five Miles Distant.
RCUHD TRIP S2.00 ROUND TRIP
TRAIN LEAVES
SAN FRANCISCO— Ferry Landing. Foot of
Market Stnet 7:4S a. m.
OAKLAND — Fourteenth and Franklin
Stref-ts 7:4fJ a. m. j
ALAMEDA— Park -street Station 8:20 a. m.
Iteturnine;, L*>avo Santa Cruz at 4:12 p. m.
Arrive San Francisco S:05 p. tn. (
Ticket* on Sale SEPT. 27th. l*sth and ISth. 613
MARKET ST.. Grand Hot^l Block.
Al^o on th? Homing of the Excursion at the
Ferry Landing. Fourteenth and Franklin sts..
Oakland, and Parlc-Ft Station, Alameda.
E. O. McCORMlCK. T. H. GOODMAN.
Pass. Traffic Manager. Gen. Pass. AgU
TANFORAN FAIR
GREAT SPORT FOR SATURDAY.
It begins e.t 11 a. m. with THE
BIG ATHLETIC FIELD DAY.
Over 100 entries for Coast Championship Events. '
Berkeley. Stanford. Academic league and !
Olyrrplc Club representatives will compete. ;
LAST DAT OF HORSE SHOW and Judging j
of Prize Winners for CHAMPIONSHIP
HONORS.
LAST DAY OF BENCH SHOW.
Grand Trotting Mwtlng begins MONDAY, Oc-
tober 1.
Take trains 10. 10: «. 11:30 a. m. aad 12:30,
1 and 1 :30 p. m.
HENRY J. CROCKER, President.
GEO. A. NEWIIALL, Secretary.
BASEBALL!
Stockton
vs.
Oakland.
TO-DA Y AT 3 f. M.
SUN DA Y AT 2:3O P. M.
RECREATION PARK
Eighth and Harrison Streets.
— — "*"""'"— """ mm "" ™ —^ *" ***" — " " ™ »^ — |
(jw,- OR JORDAN'S grcat^
iSHSEOB OF AKAICHVS
a Ch lea tusszi st. to*.. e£»?a, s.r.cu.i
\ Sf The Largest Anatctaical Museum in the \
a _rr*T*---,,. V'orli Weiknef'.a* cr any contracted 4
V %f}SD (.'"i-cpT^lKrlycuieJiyihrulMtsV
<V Bfeii-JL' S>^--5"--£f »¦ ti*. Com:. Est-36yca»
$ &^ZLi °r l - « r0M A H -PRflf ATE DISEASES 4
X fwSe!)^' t-o.-xultJtion (ren and stri'tly private.
Q 3 )Svjf Jh Tn umeiit perjor.iliy cr by letter. A / !
iy K Wf ift u I^s.liva Curtia every ca^c undertaken. '
Am If \H X . n 'r:lc (or Sock. PDlLSitUPa V <l ,
¦"if "^ «*«aiA«iE. MAILED HIS. <a"
A Q [fr valuable book fcr rn-n/
V «U. JOBDAX & CO., 105J Mar!trtat..a R ' '
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Price Lists Mailed
on Application.
ATTORNEY.
F. H. MERZBACH. lawyer, M3 Cal.. Clunle bd.
COAL, COKE A\D PIQ IRON.
lIC \UI SON & CO SM street,
i J U T> <L3Vfl U WU • Telephone Main 1SC4.
COPPERSMITH.
CW SMITH Fhlp Plumbing. Steamboat and
• H- Jill I 111' ghip Work a specialty. 18 and
IS Washington st. Telephone Main 6C41.
ELECTRICAL.
D. D. WASS.
Electrical Engineer. 8« Eaat it
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
IA^ R"ftYF<I £ Til Shipping Butcher*. 104
OALVANIZINO AND iMETALS.
U'ftf- & Dealer !n Metals & Galvanizing-. JOHN
FINN METAL, WORKS, 315 Howard »t.
METAL.
Extra linotype and stereotype metal. Pacific
Metal Works. 137-9 First at.. San Francltco.
OILS.
LUBRICATING OILS. LEONARD A ELLIS.
4IS Front st.. S. F. Phcne Main 1713.
PAINTS.
Cylinder & LubrleatlnK Oils. Schneider's Mining
Candle*. G G. CLINCH & CO.. 9 Front. S. F.
PRINTING.
C- C- nUuflESj 611 Sansome st!. S. F.
PRINTERS. EOCK BINOERS.
THE HICKS-JUDD CO.,
' S3 First at., San Francisco.
STATIONER AND PRINTER.
Telegraphic pARTfilBCE "» Callfon»l«
WHIM ASH STEAM COAL, t^IEacS
DIAMOND COAL. MINING CO., nt Its OREEX
RIVER COLLIERIES, is the Beet Coal In tho
ir.arkei. Office and Yards — ISO Main street.
AMUSEMENTS.
vaudevilleTat its best
MATINEE TO-DAY, EAT., EEPT. 28.
Parquet. CSc, any reat; Balcony. 10c; Chil-
dren. 10c. any part except reserved.
LAST TWO APPEARANCES OF
JESSIE BARTLETT DAVIS.
— TVATNE AND CALDWELL. KOLB
? . AND PIT-L. MR. AND MRS. JACK
BON. MEIiRITT AND ML'RDOCK.
MUSICAL JOHTCSTOXES. MeCABE ¦
AND DANIELS. B1OGRAVH.
OPT3NIXG TO-MORROW MATINEE.
Camille D'Arville. I
MATIXEE 7O-DAT AND STTXDAT EVEN- !
ING,
THE BARBEROF SEVILLE
LAST TIME TO-NIGHT.
TANNHAUSER.
f Monday r.ijrht. •MTGNON"';
Tuesday. Thursday, Sunday
»•*-»¦¥• wr*T-¥T r.ichts. Fatur.lay matinee.
M \T WEEK i "HCCCESOT8"; Wriw
•'CAKMKX"; Friday r.lght.
I "FAUST."
rOPrLJVR PRICED 25c and 50c
Telephone Bush 9.
ti&H EAT R £^A>
BATINEE 1CDAY AVD SUNDAY.
LAST TWO XIOHTS!
Hiq l5?n?np^P Wffp
slid iOsiuS.uuu ftS.iOs
NEXT MONDAY NIGHT.
The N. T. American Theater Hit.
WE-UNS OF TENNESSEE.
PBICES lr-c. 2:>c, 20c, 50c
SKATS XOTV ON SALE.
MATINEE TO-DAT.
TO-NIGHT-LAST TIME.
CLAV L. R.
CLEMENT STOCKWELL
AND A STRONG COMPANY.
I*«>vival of Pln^ro'e Popular Comedy Success.
THE MAGISTRATE.
EEorrrxixG to-morrow,
SUNDAY NIGHT,
....EDDIE ROY....
In "A NIGHT IX TOWX."
GPAND OP^RA HQU5I
UAT1NEE TO-DAY AND TO-MOKROW
NEW KM&W kKHf PANY
LAST TVfO NIGHTS
Joseph Arti-.ur'e Famous Hoosler Drama.
BLUE JEANS,,..
Kext Monday— "THE SPORTING DUCHESS."
EVEM.VG PRICES-lOc. 15c. S5c. SOe.
A Few Front Rows 1a Orchestra 75c.
M- TINEE PRICES-lOc. 15c. 23c. 50c
No Hither.
Branch Ticket Office — Emporium.
ALF ELLIXGHOUSE Prop. an4 Manager
THIS WEEK ONLT-TO-NIGHT.
Only MATIXEE TO-MORROW (SATUUDAT).
Tbm Els Farce Comedy. New Toric "World's
Success,
KELLY'S KIDS.
3O— FT-'N MAKERS— 3U
• All ErtCht. Breezy and Xew.
REGULAR POPULAR PRICES.
Erenlr-x 15c - %*• z £'- '-?? and 75c
Ji»tlne* l^ c - ~' c . S^c and £Go
¦Tri. Sunday Afternoon — The Herald Square
•Theater K«-rc« Ccroedj Success, Direct From
Niv York.
--"Ttf BT JYiFKTS." —
CHUTES^™ ZOO
EVERT AFTERNOON AXD EVEXIX&.
SPECIAL TO-NIGHT:
GRAND CAKEWALK
IN COXJCNCTTON WITH A
BIG VAUDEVILLE SHOW!
AQUATIC SPORTS ON THE LAKE.
Telephone for Beats Park SS.
MI S ANNA MIUJeTvOOD. 'g£? * S
terian Church. Uo.-ton. SONG HECITAL THIS
AFTEUXOOX *t 3:13 In Sherman & Clay Hall,
223 iiutter Ft. Il^js^rved t^ats. £1; G^n^ral Ad-
mission. Tie. f« ats may be reserved to-day at
KSiPttnan & Claj'B.
FTQrWFR'^ CONCERT HOUSE.
¦TIM/ nUn D Admission 1O;.
Ilanlon & S!ns-«r, De Gosco Brothers. Thos.
K. Shrpard. Antonio Vargas, JIae Tuaiscn,
pearl Hickman and N>w iiovinij Pictures.
I'.. -.-r\< ', y-:.'.*. -.".c: Matinee Sunday.
SUTRO BATHS.
OPEN' NIGHTS.
Op«i Daily From 7 A. M. to 11 P. M.
Bathlrs From 7 A. M. to 10 P. M.
Admission. 10c: Children, 6c. "
I Bathing, lacludlnx admigsioa. 2Sc; Children. 20c.
ABSOLUTE SECURITY.
GenuiPfl GARTER'S LITTLE LIVER PILLS must
hear signature of /£Jwgg^
Terr •¦tall mm*, as easy
t» tik© m sctgfexw
SEE i>ARTrtfQi FonHEADACHE - SEE
ibAKI LriO FOR DiniMESS.
rr\TTTTvn SIP.TT'E FOR BILIOUSNESS.
GENUINE fPjvER "R torpid liver. GENUINE
m PILLS FOR COMSTIPATIOR.
WRAPPER MZJm for sallow skib. WRAPPFB
" * ArrLH |,JgBBl [FOR THECOKPLEXIQB W KAtTLI
25 .tea I Pnrrjy Vegctgfctoy^C^*^^^,
ADVERTISEMENTS.
CLEVELAND, Ohio. Sept. 28.— The body of
Jane Corr Iran, the laat of the six victim* of
the yacht Idler, which sank In Lake Krte last
July, was recovered to-day, bein? found on the
beach a few miles east of the city.
. TL. SK^V „
"WHtN GREEK MEETS GREEK"
Then comes the tug of war, but when
laundry meets laundry. In such sharp com-
petition as Is met .with In San Francisco,
you can readily understand why we do
more business than any other laundry in
the city. Laundry work fa our business,
and we make It our business to do work
such as no other laundry can compete
with.
Domestic finish for full-dress shirts If
you order It.
No saw edges.
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
Office 1OO4- Market Street
Near PowelL
Telephone— South 42O,
Oakland Office— 82 San Pablo Ave.dr*n to the Chinese mobs and to command a
cowar.ily retreat before a band of Malay noa.
raudtrs.
The American people, valiant in arms, ar.d
wise in peace, will not select aj§ commar.der in
chief of their army and navy a maji with Mr.
Bryan's pusUlanizsoas conception of duty. I
firmly believa that the American voters will in
November next maintain at the ballot-box the
fact that this is a goverr.ir.ent by and for the
people, and not for ccwards: that our flag shall
b* honored abroad as well as at home: that
wherever on earth an American lawfully walks
his life ar.d property will be protected from for
eipn attacks by the<cannon of. our warshir.s and
the bay: nets of our soldiers. [
It is clear that President McKinley has mere
ly followed the American policy of expansion
which commenced with Washington and has
continued to be the policy of the whole Amer
ican nation. Hence it is manifest that all of
this Bryar.lstic declaration apainet expansion.
or so-called imperial i?m. Is not made in good
faith, and is oppotd to the sound principles
of the true f>emocratic party, the represeuta
tivej. of which were seduced ly Mr. Bryan at
Kansas City into declaring acainFt the true
jTinoir.les of Democracy and humbuKjred into
rtaf firniinj? the offensive | rinciples of the Chi
cajro "latfc.rm of 1RS6. which were that, year
buried by the voters of the United Ptates. and
which they will not resurrect in 1S0O to poison
American atmosphere.
Let us tell Mr. Bryan he need never fear mili
tarism while our eoldicrs are selected from
American honK-!". from American fathers, hus
bands, sons ar.d brother?. The false and un
worthy arp'fcration of the words Imperialism
and militarism to our illustrious President is
not new in the history of American politics.
Washington was in his lime, reviled by petty
partisan's. Notwithstanding his self-sacriflce
and life's devotion to his country, he was re
viled as a monarchist. Lincoln, the patriot,
emancipator ar.d martyr, was also denounced as
through the lips of the assassin as he dealt the
death blow to the noble President.
city these charges of the past, made apalnst
•Washington. Lincoln and Grant, and now re
vived by Bryanitee under the terms of imt>«
ria'.ifm "and militarism acainst President Mc-
Ktr.loy. are equally hollow, bastless and fia
prant assaults upon a noble and honest Presi
dent, who^e patriotism and devotion to our re
history have rendered his administration one
of the most glorious in the annals of American
history.
Th«- financial cost of the suppression of the
Tacalo revolt is not to be an obstacle to
American reprisals for the loss of American
lives. A« it was our duty to invade Spanish
territory In war, at all cost, so It was like
wise our duty at tho close of the Spanish war
to svoorws all revolts of whatsoever people
B^air.si American rights at whatever cost of
American money or deplorable loss of life.
That the Stars and Stripes shall be orotected,
has be~n. and forever will be. the policy of the
ijreat I-.vuubltcan party.
But Mr. Bryan constantly asserts that th»
Philli'j.lne war i* unjustifiable, and attempts
to n ach the :>rejudlces of the multitude by
rrl«?r»-r.<e to the sad loss of human life, as
If the lows of life were evidence of unjueti
flablf- war. In all ages patriotic men and
won»n l.av*- pacrificed their lives and fortunes.
at did oi:r noble ancestors. In the defense of
the common welfare.
Great as ha* be<n the sacrifice, it has been
but a llumMl} incldfnt to national existfnen.
It Is but the final price paid fcr the perfect
union of the States, that this Government may
go nr: forever.
I Wlifvf that Mr. Rnan will bo taupht by
his rfc-frct at the comin? election that, in th*
*-?iimatlon of American patriot?, no price In
trtai>ure <~r in blood in too faered or too jfrcat
U» i^ay for the safety of the national t.'nlon,
01 for the- honor or prei=tlfr«- of the American
f!?p. ar.<i I further twlU-ve th&t truf Anfrican
ratriotif.m dcir.ariilR that all the nomlm-ps on
»h»» **.» -publican ticket FhouM be accordeil a
r. lc-n<1iJ victory .
SOME WHO WERE THERE.
Republicans Who "Were Named Vice
Presidents of the Meeting.
The following well-known Republicans
w>re vice presidents of the meeting:
W. K. Beatty, William M. Abbott, H. M.
Binckley. A. B. Forbes. P. Crowley. F. ¦«•.
Pumiwr. Gwrge F. CurtiF. J. K. Doolittle.
Flmon N<-»rran, Lewla Gt-rstle, John Haynes,
Wakffield P,aker, J. P. Ix; Count. J. B. MeMur
ray. Charles- 1^. Patton. L. Hinman. H. I).
Jx>veland. Thr.rr.au B. i:r>ton. A. H. Vail. W.
B. Wtgener. Wiiliam CiufT. R. II. Warfleld, I.
H. Wilbur. Alexander Pratt. Charles >?. Yatea,
J. M. Litchrteld. Ruflolph Vollmtr, H. B. I'nder
hiil Jr.. L. H. Bom-rtell, A. Spitz. C.W.Jackson,
Iraac t'jihsm, C. C. Bemlp. Joseph Gately, K.
Howe, L>. M. Burns. J. J. de Haven. I. W.
Hellman. John Dolbeor. W. K. Smedber*. A.
E. Buckrran, C J^. Tay. Carroll Cook, H G.
W. ninkelspfl. N. I>. Rideout. Tirey L. Ford.
Frank llarnard. C. S. Moses. C. M. Kinne H
H. Uynch. J. N. Hals. W. Watson. Wil
liam HochMartter. F. P. Sherman. W. L». Key
ftone, Lovoll White. J. F. Fupazi. F. H. Merz
barh. C. 8. Holmes. J. R. I>a?pett. I>aniel K.
Hayes. William A. Davles, H. M. Hough, LevI
Strauss. John Kroufe. Frank A. Some™. W. R.
Sherwood. Joseph Sloss. Thomas I). Rlordan,
N. I>emterade«. Henry Peterson. Andrew Carrl
pa.n. F. E. Beck, J. H. Jr-wett. A. G. Booth.
S. G. Kelloptj, J. C. Campbell, A. h. Bryan, H.
E. Slade. Georse Easton. K. 'V\'. Fuller, E. M
Herrlck. J. K. C. Hobbs. I>r. J. E. Cummlnxs,
A. f?. Mansrum. S. Adelstrln, George H. Plrpv.
J. G. Klemm, Joseph Slmonson, C. Xeuhaus, S*
J. Hcndy. P. Beamish. A. W. Kcott Jr., C. A.
Murdock. F. P. UacLrf-nnan. J. S. Dinkeleplel.
T. J. Parsons. I. H. Thompson. Daniel Bloch
A. R. Patrick. B. Bonny, W. P. Redlnston J
N. Patton. Richard Hyne*. C. G. Clinch L. A
Gibbons. C. \V. Slack, A. C. Rulofson. B P
Flint. Dr. E. S. Breyfogle, Irving M. Scott,
George D. Clark, Charl»s Holbrook. W. W
Cha*e, 'v\*. R. V/he^ler. William Alvord, Ti". A.
Gray, Dr. C. G. Kenyon, William Patchel J,
B. Marvin. C. Brinn. P. B. Qulnlan. Wm. Sex
ton. Arthur \V. Si*ar, Frar.k A. Vail, Charles
R. Allen. J. "W. Raphael, Henry L. Davis, t'red
L. Jones, W. J. Dutton, J. G. Giestln?. Wil
liam C. Ciark. F. L. Turrin, A. G. Towne, J.
H. Bnrland. James Patterson, <";»orce L. Fayne,
Joseph Lippiran. ¦William Lambert. D. K.
Phaw. John Cameron. John Muller. D. Sewell,
G»orge v. Eastern, Van It. Paterson. M. Elir—
man, W. S. Jones. Irvln Ayres, Robert Oxnard,
R. Crotbers, William S. Mnse.«, H. Shaffncr,
C: A. "Wisewell. J. Mendelson. Aneus McLeod.
W, F. Thoma-s George It. Haiwbmw, Eugene
Korn, J. H. Bruce. A. A. Baxter, M. Connolly,
P. F. Mertes. H. Wilson. W. H. Pher?nn. Rob
ert Sullivan. T. L. Henderson, E. S. Merriman.
T.'llliam P.abc->ck. Gc<irpe R. Sanderson. James
MoXab. W. J. Watson. M'illiam H. Fisher.
John P. Younr. H. J. La;=k. J. \V. Perry. D.
Burns, D. McNee, J. C. Wilyon, J. W. Llllen
thal. Darby Laydon. Webster Jones. II. H.
Madison. I. P.' Bclander. John T. Collins, Mar
tin Jones. Major K. J. Bettis, G. PenninEton,
Charles Boston, C. O. Swanberg. E. H. Parrish
Charles T. Morrisnn. Hamilton Page. S. H.
Kent, Alf-xander Ollsen. G. K. Fletcher. Henry
K^hler. Profe««or A. Plchel. William K. Jack-
Fon. Thomas S. r»!rkin», N. K. Hasten. J. J.
Xewsom, J. L. Kttlinger. J. R. Knowland S.
D. Ives. K. T. Krupe. H. H. Oellig, C. M.
Uepew, I.. A. Hea. J. Costa. William Mer.v
felder, Horace Davis. C. F. Mont"al*Rre, Frank
H. Keres, Harold Steele, T. H. 13. Varney. Eu
pene Hoeber, V.'illiam Alfs. H. Lunste'dt. T.
WaEstaff. Henry Templeman. L. B. McMurtry.
K. K. Lindsey, ¦U'llliam l^ewls, A. GerherdirK.
E. P. Hulme. John Hunt. Samuel BrldRewood,
Max Breninff, William McKer.zie, Henry Boy
sen.
DELMAS TO BE THE ORATOR.
Democratic Rally at Metropolitan
Temple To-Night— Meetings
Throughout the State.
The Democratic rally at Metropolitan
Temple to-night is expected to be one
of the great meetings of the campaign.
The various Democratic clubs will tie
there in force. D. M. Delmas will be the
principal speaker and Porter Ashe will
deliver what will be practically the first
speech of his campaign.
Jo D. Sproul and A. Camlnetti will speak
at a rally at Winters to-night.
J, H. Henry will be the speaker at Palo
Alto to-night at a joint rally of the Palo
Alto Bryan and Stevenson Club and th»-
Stanford University Anti-imperialistic
Club. It will be the opening speech of Mr.
Henry's campaign.
James G. Maguire and Frank Freeman
will speak at Vallejo to-night. W. H. Al
ford will address a meeting at Livermore
and Jud D. Rush will upeak at Troplco.
R. M. Fitzgerald and James H. Barry
will be tho speakers at a rally at Crockett
to-night. J. L. Dryden will speak at Por
terville and E. D. McCabe will speak at
Winters.
Want a New Primary Law.
A number of representative Democrats
of the various Assembly districts of this
city held a meeting last night at Pythian
Castle, and to open the way for the crea
tion of a primary election law, adopted
the following resolution, which stripped
of its preamble reaas:
Resolved. That this assemblage of Demo
crats, repr'Fer.ting each and every Assembly
district In and for the city and county of San
FranclFco. hereby Indorses Senate constitu
tional amendment No. 4 — a resolution propoainr
to thr people of the State of California an
emer.dment to the constitution of th» State by
pricing a now uctlon. to be known and desig
nated as /section 2'i. article 2. thereof, ccn
c<rninc primary elections, adopted March IS
is?fi: that we pledge this convention to or
ganize the city and county of Kan Fran°!?co
tor it* adaption by the people at the polls n^xt
N'cvemlier: that we request all patriotic cltt
ccn« to remember (--aid pro;>OB<Mt amendment and
l> ftarap their crocs In the column marked
"•Yes."
Collector of the Port.
The contest for the office of Collector
of the Port, to succeed Colonel John P.
Jackson, seems to be narrowing down to
Joseph S. Spear and W. B. Hamilton.
Major Frank McLauRhlin says he has not
been offered the position and that if it
were tendered him he would not accept.
He remarked yesterday that he would
never accept a public office.
It is believed that Senators Bard and
Perkins will hold an early conference to
consider the merit of the various aspir
ants. Among the names mentioned for
Collector, other than Ppear and Hamilton,
are Stanley Jackson. E. B. Jerome. Georee
Stone. John T. Dare and William Bel
lingall.
Insurance Company Enjoined.
On petition of Insurance Commissioner
Clunle, Judge Murasky has issued an In
junction restraining the Connecticut Fire
Insurance Company from carrying on its
business within the State, but "the Injunc
tion dees not prohibit the corporation
from carrying on its business through
cgents* to whom may be issued certifi
cates of authority by the Insurance Com
missioner of California.
Lakemeyer's Will Invalid.
Judge Cofley has revoked the will of the
late Eugene Edwin Lakemeyer, who de
vised his entire estate, which is valued
at $5000, to Mrs. A. R. Tuckey of this city
The will Is oloerraphlc. but the date No
vember 22. 1897. Is abbreviated. This fact
Judpe Coffey held. Invalidated the instru
ment. An appeal «.ill be taktn.
GOVERNOR HENRY T. GAGE. WHOSE ADDRESS ON "IMPERIALISM
AND MILITARISM" ATTRACTED AN IMMENSE AUDIENCE AT MET
ROPOLITAN TEMPLE LAST XIGHT.
Paladini Heavily Fined.
A. Palartini pleaded guilty in Judge Ca
hanis.V court yesterday to having salmon
In his possession out of season and the
Judge sentenced him to pay a fine of $300,
which was at once forthcoming.
Corporation Defends Pierce.
The Blue Lakes Water Company filed
answer yesterday to the action recently
instituted by James E. Damon. The de
fendant corporation denies that its reason
for refusing to keep any agreement with
the plaintiff is due to the "machinations
and dishonest actions of \V. F. Pierce."
and denies that Pierce "intends to de
fraud plaintiff and other holders of stock
in the Blue Lakes Water Company out jf
every dollar and dime they have in
vested."
Says He "Was Swindled.
Edward Pearson, an old man living at
22 Bernard street, swore to a complaint in
Judse Cabaniss' court yesterday for the
arrest of John T. Hcpan, an attorney, on
the charge of felony orr.ljozzlpm'jnt. Ber
nard alleges that in November, 1S9S, he
gave Hogan $70 to print a transcript on
appeal in a case he was Interested in and
Hogan appropriated the money to his own
use.
Governor Gaoe Defends American Expansion Before
an Immense Audience at Metropolitan
Temple. , . : ¦
The Keput'lican rally at Metropolitan
Temple last night ¦»?j« the greatest politi
ca\ meeting yet held in San Francisco
during tMi campaie-n. A great audience
crowded the hall and responded with en
thusi&stic a*.plat:se to Governor Gape's
caustic arraignment of Eryan an«l Bryan-
The Fixe of the au<1ienc*> and the enthu
lasia rnan'.frsteri Five promise of arous-
Ing Interest that -will make the remainder
. f rh^ campaign one not lethargic by any
For an hour and fifty minute*
Governor Gage held the clo^e attention of
.> N audience.
Th« main fl^r of the temple wai re
s.rv-1 for women and women with es-
Men unaccompaniexl by women
cc^re peatrd in the pallery. and fifteen
minutes befcr* the time ret for the meet-
Inti '•< i'ep-in there was not a vacant seat
!¦ ft for ibcm.
T* e large number of women present ttsi?
atcre of the meeting. On the main
• -?5<ire than half of those present -were
w^rrjen— a far larger proportion than hap
hf-rn present at any other meeting of the
campaign.
-r>-r«-f> rows of seats in front wrre r<*-
I for vice presidents of the meeting
! la<lic? accompanying them. Promi
?nt < i:izen? and politicians, mainly al?o
rice presidents of the meeting, occupied
¦ halre on the stage.
A huge picture of McKinley hung in
front r 'f the pipe? of the organ. Stand
ard? with the moTtoe*. "One country, one
fas." and at home, prestige
abroad." were suspended on either side of
it. American flags were the only other
<'ecoraiion.
At I- o'clock every chair in the hall was
occupied and row* of men stood along the
walls and crowded up the aisles.
COLONEL STONE PRESIDES.
Governor's Feet.
Enthusiastic Woman Strews Ciina
tions on Stage Beneath the
OoA-ernor <Jajee and Colonel George
Etone, chairman of the State Central
C ::.". !:••<•. c^rvs upon the platform a few
minutes after » o'clock and were received
with a hearty round of applause. Colonel
Stone presided at the meeting and after
a f^jrig and an encore by a campaign
quartet he introduced Governor Gage in
* following words
"It is most gratifying to eee so large an
audience thi5 evening:— an encouragement
thr men who are laboring for Repub-
licar.'.srn In California. It give? us hope
that t:>- Republicans are waking up to
campaign enthusiasm. I now introduce
• i d California'? Governor."
As governor Gage stepped to the front
i the state a lady ascended the steps to
the p!nt.form zv.'i aliened carnations at
bla feet. After acknowie<lglr.g th* 1 cnni
pllraent the Governor bepan his address.
GGVEB^OR. GAGE'S ADDRESS.
Portions of Speech Which Aroused
Enthusiasm cf Audience.
• "¦ '.'.-iw'r^r are parts of the address de
::\< n d by Governor Gage:
Leflies z.r. A . Gentlemen: I thar.k ycu for this
splendH ¦'•-rr.onet.-ation, but I am not vain
r. 'jch to believe that your rlaudits are for
m — *.t>v art fur that gr»at cause ani pp.rty of
irtili b i" tm a member. < Applause.) The Re
[¦jb'ican Htate Central Committee has called
• ; • ; ,.r- ar. arpurr.er.t on socialipm,
Impertaiism an4 m:Htan?:r.. They t?o hand in
fcsi.i. lh'! wben I Join them for the purposes
of rry areTiment I &i not feel that I have
r!-:rd~r«-<l.
F< me <¦{ Mr. Hryar. s followers over in Colo
- . iTTerr.rted cot \<-vz e:nce. with rocks, to
stay the r>?.tric?ic welcome of or.e of America's
rr'S!«-n citizen*. It «il! taice means
than this to eta;- the tide of truth and right.
,- ~;-'.::y ar.i national honor. (Applause.)
Once more the coolest of 1ES6 If renewed,
ar.l the it^ues which were then disposed of
have be*n resurrected, subjecting our country
to another political crisis. The issues are the
tame. E'.thcuch some Ixrr.ocratic disjrir.ees have
l^en adoted. The leader* are the same, but
the Unfortunate condition of the country which
marked the year l*M has --.:.>:.-¦.
The Democratic party, t>y its i«»rsietent ad
herence to a maJeonstruction of the Federal
constitoUon. had i;:x3«ed the perfect union
et the etate* and injured the erowth of the
ration. It had oi>iK*ed and denounced the
* rru.r.r;pat;on of the reprr-; it had opposed and
Ceaconced ti^e Repnttlcan doctrine of a pro
active tariff, which tariff saved th» Industrie
of th« countn". cave work and hlph wages to
the r.*-<vjy Amefleaa laborer and mechanic and
hy the €rstar>i lshment of the American factory
'•ur jjro^ucers were enabled to cornet? in the
mans at Um world.
The Drjsn *eeee<- r rB from Cleveland'* I>;ra<v
cral;c txjlicy intoxicates by the f iwimg words
£r..i Fratklme sounds cf William J. firyan,
£*rair»st the advice of Democratic *tat<remen and
thr'.r we!!-balanced leaders., have rencun<-ed the
r-:^t tra<3:tiur.g cf Democracy, fused with the
Populists, and after ir.sertinsr numerous de
nunciations and miprepreteritations of every
Republican policy which had bt-ttered our corn
men country, have Bsemed In the Chicago
r'.atform "that the money question is para
mount to all others at ttis time."
The tariff and financial question* are of vast
Importance to the vmutlij. and the effort of
Mr. Br>-an ard bi» cohort* to evade these is-
BUOI by ;-araci!r.)r the false cry of imperialism
U an attemrt on th^'.r part to achieve a thirty
triumph upon a false basta. in order that they
r-.iiy ultimately enforce their at>omlnable d->c
trlne of free tilver. which the people of Amer-
Icc condemned in 1W6. But pir.ee the Biyan
!tp|> now raiw? this cry of imperialism In ord'r
to hide the malady of free silvrr. and they
rreser.t this claim of imperialism as "the pa.ra
rr.our.t issue." I shall proceed to make full
cr.su er to this pretrn-ied issue; hut before do
:r.e so I shall h*re digress for a moment, in cr
ri^r to briefly rej>ly to another faise charge
r Ed» V>v the Rryar.ites against the Republi
c-ins, namely, that they are in some manner
r.Uiod to "trusts."
Roth th» Uepuhiican and Demrxratic plat
f^rrr.s declare agrainst trurts. «nd It Is w»II to
observe that .the Democratic party, when It had
svppreu or regulate tru?t?>. The only national
kKtaiatlOQ which our country has ujon that
sub.i'Ct or!r:?atPd with the Republican party
!n Lfae form of what Is known a* the Sherman
t-.r.ti-truft law of UM. \Vhereae. Mr. Itryan
served two terrr.!« in the Con(rr«-f;|! o f the l':iited
f'.H'.es. b.rA while there he never took any step
r.or cau?=»d to be !r.aururat«d any law, a?:unst
trusts, ard our rrtat President, while a worthy
ri.<-rrit*-r of Oonjrres-F. worked and voted for this
tr-Mt Rnti-tru« law of IfM. rApplauw?.) I
' I.al'.tnBe Mr. Bryan and the Democratic party
to fhow any er.ti-trust law wh'ch is the prM
uct of Mr. Bryan's brain when he was in Con-
HnwfVfr. a^ide from the wi!d cry of llr
Pryan aga!n>t trurts. ma^e «h»n he 1« out
<¦'., r'Mit'.oal p'.lgrirr.a^ey s«-ek:np votes, com
pared with hi* peculiarly *!lrr.t attitude on this
*iit:J*-ct durinp- hi? two ?f-rrr.i> in Con*T*%* the
<jue«-t.ior. of truFti" '.r practically «-llminated from
ct. ntrovers>y. for the platform of Republicans
end thxt of the Tiryanite* have both declared
<.ra!r>t thefe Uleral cnmblnationt.
During hostilities W.th Ppain th» United
Ptatf-e army had trw Ua4<mt>te4 rljrht under
the laws of all civilized nations to the '.ccu
paOori of tbe lriand?. The treaty with Stain.
which **tint"JlFhcd her title to and eovertljrnty
over thf iElandr. and »'hlch <eded the «ame
to the fnit<»<1 t^mtM 1 ai= her fuooeiisor did not
rs Into .-fTect until April 11. lfcSJt, m--»re than
two months aft*r the ar.nouncem^nt of war by
tli» filiplnofi. I'nder these coriditionii th<; In-
surrecti^n of Ajruinaldo and his bolo mer.. and
th«"tr attack uj>on our army, via not Ju«t!fl»»l
undfr th» law* of ctTtUxed warfare, and even
if X':ry had foepn entitled to recognition at. a
ccnrtltuted pr.vfcrr.rrn-rt their unwarranted at
tark upon uf Juptlfl^d our claim, under the
Imws of *r*r. to Indemnity and territory as a
consequence of their crime.
ls- it tmp*TiaU«n to protect our «ol«Jier« from
th* :-.-¦.;.:•> of armed force? and eupprvrs a
r^vfvlt acainFt the American fla»r? Was it an
a"t at irrip^riallpm for the President to <3ir»^t
< ur poMlern to proceed to Peklnir and rescue
• iiir MlniFtT and »h*> helpl A R8 American women
• nd children in the legation and to save our
•'-••..-.. fr<^m the brutal tortures of the
cru^I Chinese Hoxei»?
Sine* this ic Mr. Bryan'* idea of Imperialism,
then Ma p»n» of America's duty waa to leave
the Fpanlrh Hum floating above lu forttfled ter
rltorr. to raeriSee the American legation and
our he!clees American men, women and chil-
CAUSTIC ARRAIGNMENT
HURLED AT BRYANISM
Captains Polks and Bolger, United
States inspectors of local and foreign ves
sels, filed iheir re-port yesterday afternoon
in the matter of the loss of the ship May
Flint. They suspended her master, Cap
tain A. M. \Yo"d.«ir!e. for twelve months
for unsklll fulness. The inspectors' report.
after reciting- the circumstances of the
disaster, goes on to bay:
"Captain Woodside testified that he did
not anchor in the lower harbor because
there were a number of vessels anchored
there and b'-cause he thought he could
get a tug at any moment. He testified
also that had h»> known he could not
have securer! one he would have anchored
the ship below rr <.!T Meigrss wharf, but
he did not stop to sis:ial for a tug at any
time nor request one of the Merchants'
Exchange boats. wMch snoke Ivm off .-aid
wharf. Captain Woods'de tostlfie-i fur
ther that b<* had never before brought
a ship into this port ur.dcr sail.
"After a careful consideration of the
evidence in this c<»sf we ar.) of the opinion
that Captain A. M. Wcdslde was unskill
ful in navlgatlm; the May Flint, a lr>rs:e
ship deeply loaded! °n the nfsht of Sep
tember 8, 1900, In sailinp her up the har
bor of San Francisco, along: the oltv front
near the wharves, p.monp: the shipping
after nightfall, with a strong flood t'd«v
taking 1 the chances of either the wind
holding strong enough to handle the ship
or of getting a tug.
"Therefore, under authorltv of section
4450, United States Revised Statutes, for
reason of such urskiHfulnejs on the part
of Captain Woodside, we have this day
suspended his license as master of sailing
vessels of over 700 tons pross for the pe
riod of twelve months.
'•The May Flint is a total loss and was
valued at SJO.iW). her cargo at (35,000; and
the bark Vidette sustained damage to the
extent of $3000."
Master Woodsido Should Have Se
cured the Services of a Tug
to Tow Him Into His
Berth.
BUM CAPTAIN
FOB LOSING THE
SHIP MAY FLINT
Inspectors Bolles and Bulger
Have Suspended His
License.
The funeral of the late Colonel J. P.
Jackson took place yesterday afternoon
from his residence, 720 Sutter street.
The- services were simple and quiet and
very characteristic of the deceased Col
lector of Customs, who was a very unas
rumine man. A number of the prominent
men of thf city were present at the ser
viepp w':ieh wore conducted by the Rev.
Dr Hemphtll. pastor of the Calvary Prrs
bytorlan Church. The California JiOWJtet
opened the eervice by sing n? "AWae \\ itn
Me." The pastor then read a passage
from the Scriptures, aft^r which he de
livered an eloquent eulogy on the de
ceased.
At thf> «-lose of tho services the Onio sn
e'ety of California, of which the deceased
was president, pruned by the ca?ket rind
as a last tribute of respect rach member
deposited a branch of buckeye on the bier.
Thf pallbearers were, as the late colonel
requcsttd. his six sons. Charles. Andrew.
John P.. George Stanley and Raymond
Jackson. The body was laid temporarily
in the vault at Odd Fellows' Cemetery: as
no definite arrangements have yet been
decided on in »-epard to the interment.
Snm*> bt-aiitlful floral picos v.-cro sent as
a mark of respect, anrnng them being a
chair design from the Custom-house
brokers wreaths by tho Society for tho
Prevention of Cruelty to Animals, the
Chir.eHP Benevolent Society and Colonel
John P. Irish.
AmotiK those present at the funeral were
Sr-rator Geors" C. Perkins. Mayor Jair.os
IX Phelan. Joseph S. Spear Jr.. W. W.
Montacue. Colonel Georpe H. Pippy. Wii
liam E. Dargie and Supervisor James
Booth.
Rev. Dr. Hemphill Delivers an Elo
quent Eulogy Over Bemrdns of
the, Deceased Collector
of the Port.
Impressive Services at Fu
neral of the Lite John
SIX SORROWING
SONS ACT US
PALLBEARERS
TI1E SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 29, li)UU.
8
STATEmEFNT
—OF THE—
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
—OF THE—
SVEA
FIREANDLIFE
INSURANCE COMPANY
OK GOTHKNT3TTRG. S^TEDKN. OX THE
31st day of December, A. D. 1<59, and for
the year ending en that day, as rr.aUe to the
Insurance Commissioner cf the State of Cali-
fornia, pursuant to the wovlslona cf sections
610 and 6U of the Politicai Code, condensed as
per blank furnished by the Commissioner.
CAPITAL^
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up In
Cash CM.333 33
ASSETS.
Real Ettate owned by Company JfCS.'X/O CO
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages 2.941.141 14
Cash Market Value of all Stccks and
Bonds owned by Company 2.C37.015 S«
Amount of Loans eecured by pledge
of Bonds. Stocks, and other mar-
ketable securities as collateral l.lCTKT 37
Cash 10 Banks 137,132 30
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans T1.S31 M
Premiums in due Cours* of Collection 40.335 7s
Due from Agents 1*1.192 6;
Dus from other Companies 2S1.U1 8u
Other Assets >.U4 ij
Total Assets tt.737.34J 72
LIABILITIES.
Loraee adjusted and unpaid '
Losses In process of Adjustment or
In Suspense $140.000 00
Losses resisted. Including ex-
penses
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-'
nlag one year or less; reinsur-
ance 50 per cent
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run- 637,674 46
nlng more than one year; rein-
surance pro rata J
Liability under Life Department 5.173.5SO !7
Cash dividends remaining unpaid 12.&3 &i
Due and to become due for bor-
rowed money 53.333 33
All other demands asalnst the Com-
pany Z4S.S4S 41
Total Liabilities .IS. 16:. 587 SC
IJTCOXTE. ~~ ~
Net cash actually received for Fire
premiums 11,609,443 14
Received for Interest on Bonds and
Mortgages 2S0.SC3 11
Received from all other sources 1.CC3.C&2 24
Total Income 12,913.317 4)
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Fire Losses S745.SS7 23
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 611.S45 C4
Paid for Salaries. Fees, and other
charges for officers, clsrks. etc 134.953 S2
Paid for State. National and Local
t«es 2O.5J4 06
AH other payments and expenditures 1.429.431 07
Total Expenditures 12.842.631 23
Fire losses Incurred durlne the year. rMi.*^ Zj
Risks and Premium". Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during the
year $430,375,504 12, 210 7»0 93
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
y« ar ••••• 2O3.«97.S43 L01S.459 SI
Net amount in force
December 81. Ig39 | tg.S61.6T0 1.303.991 91
OLOF WIJK. Prest
ERNEST r.RINO, Sec'y
Subscribed and sworn to before me th't fith
day of March. 1900. GUDM. AKERMARK
Notary Public
EDWARO BROWN & SONS,
i GENERAL AGENTS,
41*1-413 California Street,
fan Francisco, Cal.
-I -- 1 v *
PALACE AND I
GRAND HOTELS j
i
The best evidence of the popularity of
these hotels can be found In the continued
patrrnage of those who on sorre previous
occasion have made them their head-
Quarter? when visiting San Francisco.
. Connected by a covered passageway and
operated under .-me management on the
American and European plan.
g» CHICHESTER'S ENGLISH
PROFUSE PERIODS.
" I commenced
taking Lydia E. /^5sb£§sJv
Pinkham's Vege- //fg^SS^V
table Compound h$f
about 3 months Ixfi/^S i^if
ago, and cannot \£, y[ jy
express the won- $. .2^ P I
derf ul good it has V 'to 1 J I
done me. Men- J -S\ \
Btruations vrere so ®t^!^iw--*S*a k^»
profuse as to leave /ij^&S^f
me very weak for
some time after. :
Was also troubled with leucorrhoea,
tired feeling, bearing down sensation,
pain across the back and thighs. I
felt as though there was a heavy
weight in my stomach all the time.
I have taken two bottles of the medi-
cine, and now have better health than
I have had for four years."
Mna. Lizzie Dicksos Hodge,
Avalon, Ohio.
"I cannot say enough in regard to L>ydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Componnd.
It has done me more good than all the doctors. I have been troubled with
female weakness in its worst form for about ten years. I had leucorrhoea
and was so weak that I could not do my housework.
I also had falling' of the womb and inflammation of the ¦womb and ovaries,
and at menstrual periods I suffered terribly. At times my back would ache
very hard. I could not lift anything or do any heavy work ; was not able to
stand on my feet long at a time. My husband spent hundreds of dollars for
doctors but they did me no good. My husband's sister wrote what the Vege-
table Compound had done for her, and wanted me to try it, but I did not then
think it would do me any good. After a time, I concluded to try it, and I can
truly say it does all that is claimed for it. Ten bottles of the Vegetable Com-
and seven packages of Sanative Wash have made a new woman of me, I have
had no worfrb trouble since taking the fifth bottle. I weigh more than I have
in years : can do all my own housework, sleep well, have a pood appetite, and
now feel that life is worth living. I owe all to Lydla E. Pinlcham's Veg-
etable Compound. I feel that it has saved my life and would not be with-
out it for anything. I am always glad to recommend it to all my sex, for I
know if they will follow Mrs. Pinkham's directions, they will be cured."
Gratefully yours, Mrs. Axxib Thompson, South Hot Springs, Ark,
CHANQE OP LIFE.
11 1 was taken sick — >>s^
five years ago with
'The Grippe,' and
had a relapse and t |?r
was given up by V T^i .w - lay if
the doctor and my I l^n r»J 1
friends. Change \ \ v»\ y=^ I
of Life began to w<» Vw' J \
work on me. I Lgf^wf^k^T
flowed very badly ]^§^M^m
until- a year a^o, $ .MBgsSgi^g £/
then my stomach l " <s v^MADD^/ y
and lun^s so
bad, I suffered terribly ; the blood
went up in my lungs and stomach, and
I vomited it up. I could not eat
scarcely anything. I cannot tell what
I suffered with my head. My hus-
band got me a bottle of Lydia E. Pink-
ham's Vegetable Compound, and before
I had taken half of it I began to im-
prove, a,nd to-day I am another woman.
Mrs. Pinkham's medicine has saved my
life, I cannot praise it enough."
M. A. Densos, Millport, N.Y.
(ALL LBTTEES ARE PUBLISHED BT SPECIAL PSBXISSIOS.)
Letters Proving Positively that
there is No Medicine for Woman's
Ills Equal to Lydia E. Pinkham's
Vegetable Compound.
STATEMENT
-OF THE-
COMDITION AND AFFAIRS
-or tiie-
fi BflCDIfnn kil (TIDE!
ilsWlff'y^ScEiiiy rip-? 31
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF PHILADELPHIA, IN THE STATE OF
Pennsylvania, en tbe 31st day of Decem-
ber. A. D. 1SSS. and for the y»ar ending on that
day. as made to the Insurance Commissioner of
tr-e Ptate of California, pursuant to the pro-
I vi*scns of sections 61> and 611 or the Political
Code, condensed as per blar.k furnished by tua
Commissioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up In
Cash $300,000 09
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company $4C9.C1 "t
Loans "r. It^r.ds and MortKages 1.611.477 71
Cash Market Value of ail Stocks
and Bor.ds owned by Company 82S.I41 :3
Amount cf Lrans secured by pled?»
of B«ind<i. Stccks, and other mar-
ketable cecurltlen as collateral £3.100 00
Ca«h In Company's Of3ce ».I4« C»
Ca-n In Bank> 153.3SS +4
Interest due ar.d accrued en all
Stocks and Leans £2 CO
Interest due and accrued en Bends
and Mortsases 15.4S5 M
Premiums In due Course of Collection 120.CK3 13
Bills receivable, not Matured, taken
for Fire and Marine R:s!ss, ground
rents, well secured tl.SIO '"•O
FUr.ts due azd accrued (.933 69
Total Assets I2.6T5.411 1J
LIABILITIES. ~
Losses adjusted and unpaid $£2.iSl S3
Losses In process cf Adjustment or
In Suspense 183.KS 14
Losses resisted, lnclurtlr.st MTxr-ses. .. 4.535 73
(Jro*s< premiums on Fire Risks run-
nlns one year or less. J357.5C3 00;
nir.«urance 50 p«r «Pt 433.731 50
Gross cremtums on Fire Risks run-
rlns more than one year. S9S2.-
fM 05; reinsurance pro rata 495.543 SI
Amount reclaimab'.e by the Insured
on perpetual Fire Insurance po!lcl»« lO.S^S 94
Comrr.isrlcns and Brokera«« due and
to become due 13,000 CS
Total Liabilities .$1. 737.50* 15
iNco:.rc — —
Net cash actually received for Fire
premiums y;'Z $1,201,561 SO
¦Set cash actually received for pre-
miums on perpetual Risks w,,ri j|
Received for Interest on Bonds aad
Mortgages M.1T3 S3
Received for Interest and dividends
on Bonds. Stocks. Leans, and from
all Otbcr sources 43.C83 Tl
Received fnr Rents w %m gj
Received from all otaer sources 7,$y n
Total incom, .ta.ia.Q07
K-VFtNUlTLREU. ~
Net amount paid for F1r» Losses
(lncludlns $151,713 18, losses of pre-
vious rears) $857,813 9«
Deposit premiums returned 17.J13 C4
Dividends t> Stockholders 40.000 03
Paid or allowed for Commission cr
Brokeragp Bo, 537 31
Paid for Salaries. Fees, and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc 49.S00 00
Tali for State, National, and Local
taxes 4S.SC S3
All other payments and expend-
itures 137.46« 54
— — — — —
Total Expenditures 0. 43.733 S4
Fire losses Incurred durinc th» rear. JS7»,1>6 C2
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Xet arrcunt of Risks
written during the
year ; tI40.846.M9 C.5W.447 73
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
year 13.0CO.3S7 1.473.13 (4
N«-t amount In force
December Jl. 1599 1T5.7S7.3T 1.STO.CS7 CS
Tim?. H. MONTGOMEKT. Pres't
R1CHT> MAKIS. Sec-y.
Pub»crlbed and sworn to before rr.#. tht>» 33th
day of January. 1900. H. F. RKARPON*.
Notary Public
EDWARD BROWH & SONS,
GENERAL AGENTS,
411-413 California Street,
jVjCa flS!^! fl n * ?* *"»• "o^-roucnoBi
&fc^y*''^~* : &'{ r / a?vJ ' tc * Ucaorrute^
j(3fJ ir VCXEs\:4 S: !v ». »P*rtaaturrhjps.
iKSvy »o lt8S««»»-^J Whit»a. jnc*t^-^! II*.
/rt'r—Y Oe»rmBM»l \J rhariw*. or %ay In2.-~iia»
fk J * 3 M "* to tuinan. tion, , uritatloa or •... -r*.
»,— »VrjTrnu cor.u<i -a. tfofl -t SI a Cms C)fl»
g?» Vh;Evas3 Ciitn'rn Ca *r-i=*s. K»-«jtnacrai
\^3ACtRCM»aT1.0 C^S aioW Dy Bmtnrtm*
mV\ c 1 a. >t-il i* **" at la Plain »r«p^r.
v » v H UnaiH tot *• t*tiafi|
(L PA JgNTSJ> t)
Weak Men and Women
CliOUU) USE DAMIANA KITTERP. THE
* J Kreat Mexican r*met!y; gives health and
strength to sexual ors&oa. I*pct, ZZ1 ilarket.
I have g-iven persona! Inspection to the woriicf of M. I. S. T. oa the haiaaa »y«teni, aad
must say that it ertirrly rreets w:th my prof»s?ios2l §acction.
D. H. LOOMIS, Late Dernou»trator of Anatomy, Philadelphia Medical Collef*.
WHAT WE GUARANTEE M. I. 3, T. Wo. 2 WILL CURE.
RHEUMATISM, no matter how lo^ standiry. Ast mm c? Infl3rarnation of tbe E!ad-
or liaiar^fd I'rostate tVljcd. nr> natt»r if th- p.aieots h^rr l>»en f.»r vear» forced to usa
a catbeier. SYPHILIS IN ANY STAGE. ANY CASK OF DIABETES.
All caws *jt Irapolency taat can be currd. and permanent'}- restore jonthfnl Tijfor and
vitality. It i-» no Riiraulaot. Irs e fOcis ar* t>erTriaEect ana last'iisj VTi:i cure any case of
STRICTURE without local treatment. Will cure any case cf Viricocele. Wil: remove en-
tirely from the system Cancer and Caocemus Germ*.
addition tn the 3b<>vi-. M. I. S. T. No. 2 has cured maty case* of Paralysis, Locomotor
j&taxia, Sniasl Trouble and apparent! i incurable rti«ea*e» of ;Ue nerves.
Ad&ess K. I. S. ?. Co., Toledo. 0.
M. I. S. T. lias been on th>* market for ever 20 jear?. and his rnred thovsands of snff.
•-•rg. It is prescribed by lead.nff {. hjsiciass aliover the conctrj. It is p^eisant totake and
Fir-.*^ Pj -7.'j T~v?l abso'.v'.'.'.j «afe. It r-Ter incrta«>i?s or dicrinishes the action of the
l(\ m ~Xj m»_ M— . lifirt. If you are suffering from anj rhrosic disease joa are urped to
pfiifa e?£3 |-<H write to us, no matter how :narv d<K-T«T* or It^nds nf medic'ne* .yoa
a H p-?g fhvt have tried without relief WE OT.'ARANTEETO CURE YOU.
T * ai£a That yon raay judpe of the ra'.ic oi the (irr^t S»-fci£c for yourself,
we will s»nd you one larce case by mail FKEE.only askidff that
»nsn cored yonrs-'f you will recommend it to others. Write conSdsntiaily to onr medical
4epArtment, giving sjmplotzis. $1 per box. or aiz boxes for 55.
greatest fierv© &u±& iissa Tonic
No. 2. |^f I n | B @ B Q ? roO« S.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
— "^ S
(r $®
0 C ft ft f. m Y dni^T"^? » Te deposited with the National City Bank of Lmn, $ 5000,
\*tll£iSI f 111011 ™ 1 ** P* 1 * 1 to an * Person who can find that tho above testimonial letters
eiSaJaJllll 1" 'i K enulne < or wor « published before obtaining tho writer's special per-
VWVWW mlision. LYDIA E. PINKHAM MEDICINE CO.Favor Early Closing.
The retail shoe clerks held a meeting
Wednesday night at 102 O'Farrell street
and appointed a committee to wait upon
employers to secure their signatures to
the petition favoring the early closing of
the shoe stores of this city. Many of the
dealers are In sympathy with the move
ment.
At the Sketch Club.
An exceptionally interesting exhibition
of Japanese art in its ecclesiastical
aspect is to be seen at the pretty rooms
of the Sketch Club this week. The ar
rangement, collection, cataloguing and
description of the exhibits is the work of
the Association of Allied Arts, an annex
of the club proper, and well, Indeed, hw«*
its work been done. Buddhist priests,
Boland Wants Rehearing.
A motion for a rehearing of the petitions
of Public Administrator Boland and Mrs.
Ella F. Murray for letters of administra
tion upon the estate of the late Almira S.
Townsend will be argued before Jud^e
Troutt next Friday. The Public Adminis
trator says the former hearing was Ir
regular, that he was denied a fair trial,
that he has newly discovered evidence and
that errors were committed by the court.
American Army and Navy Heroes.
We are in receipt of a very handsome pack
of playing cards from the ¦ Anheuser-Husch
Brewing Aas'n. St. Louis, which depicts
the likenesses of our army and navy heroes
on each face card, the designs being entirely
new and superior to anything heretofore at
tempted. The cards are full size and highest
quality. The cards are packed In a substan
tial leatherette case colored to match the backs.
The resulnr retail price of cards of this qual
ity is 60 cents a rack, but by reason of the
extraordinarily large quantity the Anheuser-
Husch people have prepared, they are enabled
to sell them at 25 cents a pack and prepay
postage. In remitting, send either money,
stamps, postal note or express order and ad
dress Malt-Nutrine Dept.. Anheuser-Busen
Brewing Ass'n, St. Louis. Mo.
Mme.- Lenemar. "fortune-teller by the
planets," failed to read her own fate and
died during last Thursday night without
the faintest suspicion of the approach of
death. She was 60 years old and known
in private life as Mrs. Black, the widow
of a mining man of Virginia City, Nev.,
v.-ho died several years ago. Morgue Sur
geon Leland found that death was caused
by abscess of the liver.
Failed to Read Her Own Fate.
Siege Battery O, Seventh Artillery, with
its heavy ordnance. Is not to remain on
this coast, as was expected. The battery
has been ordered back to Fort Rlley,
Kansas, by the War Department.
Private William H. Meeth, Company H,
Forty-second Infantry, . died at the gen
eral "hospital yesterday.
Siege Battery Will Return.
The case against Warren B. Josaelyn,
attorney from Santa Cruz, charged by
Nina Cadoman, 2111 Pine street, with ob
taining $200 from her by false pretenses,
was dismissed by Judge Conlan yesterday.
The Judge held that the evidence of the
complaining witness was uncorroborated.
Attorney Josselyn Acquitted.
DELAYED TRAIN BKINGS
NOTABLE PASSENGERS
Largest Sheep Exporter in New Zea-
land and Champion Cyclist
Among the List.
The Central Pacific passenger train from
the East due at 4 o'clock yestorday after
noon did not get in until shortly before
1 o'clock this morning, the delay being
due to a demolished track which was torn
up in Wednesday's wreck, 150 miles from
Ogden.
Among the prominent passengers on the
train was W. B. Clarkson, th» largest in
dividual exporter of sheep in New Zea
land. Mr. Clarkson handles jiver 16,000
sheep a week for himself, besides over
half a million a year for different firms.
He is known as the Armour of New Zea
land.
Teddy Reynolds, champion cyclist of
Australasia. Is with the Clarkson party,
all of whom are at the Palace. For the
past seven years Reynolds has held the
championship of all New Zealand. He
nolds the mile record of 2:07. flying start,
en a erass track. He went to Paris to
race in June, but owing to a disagreement
the races were not held.
WTLL OF JANE SIEGEL
IS FILED FOR PROBATE
Application Made for Letters of Ad-
ministration Upon Bella Bar
nett's Estate.
The will of Jane Siegel, who died on
Spptcmber 12, leaving an estate valued at
$15,000, was filed for probate yesterday.
Following are the bequests: To Joel 1*.
Hart, Abraham Hart. Mariam Drelfus,
Fanny Braham. Rosa Livingston, Hannah
Martin, Minnie Cohen and Esther Martin,
nephews and nieces. $230 each; to Abra
ham Froomberg, a brother-in-law. $100: to
Rosa Keilus, a granddaughter, Annie Liv
ingston, a grandniece, Isabella Livingston,
n grandnioce, and Louisa Fox. a cousin,
various pieces of jewelry, and to Rosa
Keilus a portion of the Bernal rancho. The
residue of the estate is devised to Char
lotte O. Keilus. wife of Charles Keilus,
an adopted daughter. Mrs. Keilus is
named as executrix, to serve without
bonds.
A petition for letters of administration
upon the estate of the late Bella Barnett
was filed yesterday by A. B. Barnett. De
cedent's estate is valued at $10,000. Her
heirs at law are Peter Abrahamson. her
father: Josie, Fanny and Nanny Abra
hamson and Ida Friedberg. her sisters,
and Benjamin Abrahamson, a brother.
Miss Wood's Concert.
Miss Anna Miller Wond will give the
last of her song recitals this afternoon in
Sherman & Clay Hall at 3:15 o'clock. The
programme will be as follows:
"Boin E Pais" <OM French): "Come. Kwept
Morninir" "'Id French); "The Little K«>d Lark"
tOld Irish): aria fr^m "Aleesu-." "Divinites
3:. Ptyx" <Gluck); "Morninc Dew" <Griejr);
'Mother Sorrow" <Gri<g): "\\ ie liist du. Meine
K*M-nip!n" <Hrahrr.f): "\>rpebliches Stand
-!ien" <B.-ahn:t>: "W»*eenll*<r' (fourteenth
• itury alr>: perenade <Strau*f»): "A Summrr
Night " by re<ju»»nt (GorinK-Thomap) : song of
'our BeaMXMl "The Rom Are iJead," •'Au
tumn" <folk fone). "Thro" the Long Days,"
•¦I/.VP Vp If I I-lv**" «Fr»ote>.
Denied the Writ.
The Supreme Court yesterday denied the
application for a writ ol prohibition, filed
by Attorneys Heller and Powers in behalf
of I. W. Hellman Jr. and William Gisel
man, charged with contempt by Judg a
Troutt. On September 26 an order wa3
made by Judge Troutt in the estate of
William C. Piper directing the executors
to pay $269,000 over to A. A. Sanderson
and Denton C. Piper, legatees. The fol
lowing day I. W. Hellman Jr.. represent
ing the Union Trust Company, and Wil
liam Giselman asked the court for sixty
days' time in which to pay the amount
and they were cited by Judge Troutt to
appear and show cause why they should
not be adjudged guilty of contempt. The
writ was filed yesterday and within half
an hour after it was presented to the
court a decision was rendered denying it.
JOHN WIELAND BREWERY
LEADS.
The John Wieland Brewery of San
Francisco, brewers of the well-known
Wleland's Extra Pale Lager, have just
received advice under date of August 28,
1900, from Mr. Varney W. Gaskill. secre
tary of the California Paris Exposition
Commission of 1900, that the International
Jury of Awards have awarded them a
certificate and medal for the exhibit they
made at the Paris Exposition of their
"Wleland's Extra Pale Lager."
This announcement Is one that not alone
the brewery but the State of California
as well may be justly proud of. for it
gives to a very popular California indus
try an international reputation. The John
Wieland Brewery is known as the largest
brewery west of the Rocky Mountains.
The award was based on purity and fla
vor, and when it is considered that this
enterprising company was entered in this
exposition against competitors from the
entire world— Europe as well as America—
their success is gratifying in the extreme.
GREAT SUCCESS FOR THE
STATE OF CALIFORNIA ! !
KEPT TOOLS AS SECURITY
FOR BROKEN FALSE TEETH
Shirtmakers Have a Fight, Resulting
in Issuance cf a Search
Warrant.
Jam^p L. Nunan and L. Brown worked
h«= shirtmakers at 220 McAllister street.
Yesterday mnrr.injr they had a dispute and
Nunan struck Brown on the mouth,
breaking two of his false teeth. Nunan
then wanted to get his tools, as he in
ier>..ir-d to remove to another place, but
Hrown locked them up and refused to de
liver them unless Nunan supplied him
with a r.ew set of false teeth.
Nunan secured a search warrant from
Judge Caban5sp yesterday afternoon and
his tools were recovered and taken to the
office of the property clerk pending the
decision of tho <ase to-day. Later Rrown
went to th<? warrant clerk and explained
that he was willing to hand over the tools
and -would make no contest in court.
HE DISLOCATED HIS
THYROID CARTILAGE
Singular Accident That Happened to
C. Prado by Quickly Turning
His Head.
C. Prado. 1543 Dupont street, met with
j an accident yesterday afternoon which is
; perhaps without a precedent in medical
j history, at least Dr. Starr of the Receiv
: Ing Hospital, who attended to the case,
! says he never heard of a similar one.
I Prado works as a packer in a warehouse
j on Market street. He happened to turn
his head quickly yesterday afternoon
while at work and a bone seemed to rise
! in his throat. He could not swallow and
1 suffered considerable pain. He hurried to
• the hospital, and Dr. Starr after making
' an examination of his throat was sur
! prised to discover that the thyroid carti
1 lage, or, as it is commonly known, "Ad
j am'a apple," was dislocated, as well as the
j glands surrounding the trachea. The doc-
I tor made a tourniquet, and after pressing
I the cartilage in position so that Prado
¦ rould t wallow bound it tightly in position.
¦ Prado will have to be careful for some
time, and even then a quick turn of his
head may lead to a repetition of the dislo
cation.
"It's the most extraordinary case I ever
heard of," said I>r. Starr. "In all my ex
perience I never knew or heard of the
thyroid cartilage being dislocated, and in
such a simple manner. It was lucky for
the man that he was so near the hos
pital."
MELONE ASXS JUDGMENT
FOR A SMALL FOB.TTTNE
Files Cross-Complaint to the Suit In-
stituted Against Him by ex-
Judge "Wallace.
Drury Melone has filed answer to the
complaint of William T. Wallace and Ry
land B. Wallace, by which the plaintiffs
seek to recover from the defendant the
sum of SS1S3 33. alleged to be due for legal
services rendered as counsel for Drury
Melone as assignee of Jackson R. Myers
and George W. Harwood. in an action in
stituted by them against the city of Plac
erville to recover on bonds issued by that
municipality.
The plaintiffs allege that Melone agreed
to pay them one-half the sum collected
for services in the case, but failed to keep
his agreement.
Melone. after entering a general denial
to the allegations of the plaintiffs, makes
cross-complaint against them, and con
cludes the same with a demand for judg
ment against the plaintiffs for $65,725 40.
This sum. Melone alleges, is due him for
services rendered on behalf of the plain
tiffs. For examining salt lands in San
Mateo County Melone asks $600; for sell
ing 1130 shares of Pacific stock in 1SS7 for
$169,500 he asks $5000: for purchasing a
Valencia street let. $500; for placing $100,0')0
of Judge Wallace's money on a loan to
the Spring Valley Water Company he
asks $1000; for one-half the purchase price
of a portion of the old Woodward's Gar
dens. $32,132 15. Various other services al
leged to have been performed by Melone
bring his claim against the plaintiffs up
to the figure stated.
Take note of the delightful days we are
now enjoying and then fancy what a su
premely delightful experience the excur
sionists to Santa Cruz will have to-mor
row. Neither cold nor oppressively warm,
the conditions are absolutely perfect, and
the season on the beach and elsewhere in
that interesting little city was never more
Inviting. Santa Cruz is prepared to give
a hearty welcome to all, and Santa Cruz
does nothing by halves.
The suggestion is again offered to all
who intend going that it will save a great
deal of annoyance to secure tickets be
fore Sunday morning, which can be done
at 613 Market street, the Southern Pa
cific's city ticket ottlce, to-day and to
morrow. Two dollars for the round trip,
and about five or six hours at the beach.
This means a day's outing among the
most attractive scenes in all the West
at a cost of but little more than a cent
a mile for traveling. The world Is surely
better for privileges and experiences of.
this kind.
Wm. H. Menton will be in command, as
usual, and can be seen at his office at
noontime by any who may wish to make
inquiries. The time of departure is 7:43
a. m. from the ferry depot, foot of Mar
ket street.
Santa Cruz Will Present a
Brilliant Scene.
SUNDAY NEXT
THE GREAT DAY
under Instructions from Captain Seymour.
Tobin a few minutes later came into court
and said that he knew nothii.g about the
cases, as they were in the hands of the
detectives.
Attorney Mack, for the defendants,
moved for a dismissal, as there was no
one to prosecute the cases. The dc-fend
ants had also been booked for vagrancy,
but no one had sworn to the complaints
on that charge, and there should be no
hesitation on the Judge's part In dis
missing it.
"I cannot understand the action of the
police." said the Judge, "but I do not care
to accept the responsibility of dismissing
the cases. I will continue them till Mon
day and will fix small bail so that the de
fendants need not be detained in prison
any longer. Perhaps by that time the
police will have made up their minds what
to do in the matter."
The clash between the detective depart
ment and Captain Wittman may form the
subject of an inquiry before, the Police
Commissioners. Th<? facts have been laid
before Chief Sullivan and he has issued
an order meantime that In future when a
policeman makes an arrest assisted by
detectives or assists detectives in mak
ing an arrest the pdlceman must always
get credit for his share of the work.
Complication? have arisen in the cases ,
' f V.;;iia.m Green, alias Judge Bates, and
Charles Bate*, alias William Davis,
charged with srand larceny by bunkoing
Robert Cheney, late of China, out of a
_¦ f silver bullion and $20 In cash.
< 3m r.< -y swore to the complaints, but he
. aa apparently loft the city for his home
ear M:::n«apolis. as he has failed to ap
pcar In Jv.'ipe Conlan'a court at the eev
«ral timcp the cases were called.
yesterday when the cases were called
another complication arose. The arrests
Y. . re made bv Sergeant Tobin and Police
rr...n Ellver, assisted by Detectives Dillon
and Ryan. In reporting the case one of
I i,(- morning papers neglected to mention
Toblu'a r.ame a.:id he complained to Cap
tain Wittman that the detectives were
t;tkir.g all th* credit to themselves. Witt
man Instructed him to let the detectives
?;.kr- rharg^ of the case, seeing they want
• •'! :;:! the credit. Consequently no officer
itm in court yesterday when the cases
vrere called and the Judge was surprised.
Finally Detective Ryan was found, and
he told the Judge that Sergeant Tobin
w;i< <--;pr>osed to lonk after the cases, a-s
h« fcr.d Dillon simply assisted Tobin and
pot Cheney to swear to the complaints
Bickering Over Credit for Arrests of Alleged
Crooks Stops Trial.
DETECTIVES AND POLICE
SQUABBLING OVER RIGHTS
Japanese students and those learned In
Oriental lore have all lent a hand, with
the result of making the exhibition a
beautiful harmony of color, a most Inter
esting historical study, and a valuable ob
ject lesson to the student of religions.
Here are to be found the Shinto sym
bols, thp simple, austere, spiritual relig
ion of the ancients of Japan, with ltR
eight-pointed magic mirror, its brass bells
with which to ring up- the- absent gods,
its seven household deities, its dancing
goddess, shriners. and rich scarlet and
gold or tender gray embroideries.
Here. too. may be seen the lavish Imag
inations of the Buddhists, with their
strange grotesqueries of hundred-handed
goddesses and the like. Ancient temple
bells, long silent, are here, and mild, In
scrutable Buddhas, the sacred lotus and
the rosaries with which the votaries tell
over their prayers. Photographs of cele
brated temples and shrines are in evi
dence, and all with ample description,
with its authority, close by.
A couple of hours could not be more in
terestingly spent than among these sym
bols from an ancient land. "At the sign
of the lanterns," 130S California street,
the exhibition Is held. Twenty-five cents
Is the admission, and there will be open
house all to-day and evening and to-mor
row afternoon.
THE Southern Pacific's workmen
have finished grading the "Gap."
between Burf and Ellwood. on the
company's coast division, and all
that now remains to complete the
tin* is th>- construction of three viaducts
and th* I.nyins: of a few miles of track.
Provided ih*> rr^scnt force nf men can be
kept at nrork lh« new road will be flnishrd
this year; in fact, there Is every reason
- . )•"¦•:¦ thai u through train can be run
<v«--r the mast line from San Francisco to
: ¦¦- a.i getea by December l.
''::•? Engineer Hood has recently re-
I fmni the scene of operations and
a is highly pl?,if=e-3 xvith the progress that
- i"ir;c made. Mr. Hood has put a great
deal of time and hard work into the build-
ing of this road and Its success will be due
very largely to his efforts. The grading
has been one of the largest items in the
tindertaking and has furnished labor to
from 1<XX> to 20"X) men at a time.
McMurtrey & Stone of this city, who
had the contract, experienced no little
trouble trying to secure help, despite the
fact that they offered as high as $2 50 a
<iay for labor. For several woeks prior to
the completion of the grading Indians
were employed and they did good work.
Only one other Instance is recalled where
Indian labor has br-en extensively em
ployed in thp construction of a big rail
road. The Burlington company has had
satisfactory experience with the red men
in th* construction of a new branch from
its short line to Montana into the Big
Horn basin.
The number of miles graded on the coast
cut off is fifty-five. Next to the grading the
most difficult part of the road's construc
tion is the building of viaducts. Five out
of the nine have already been completed.
The sixth is now in course of construction.
Slow progress is made because of the
great amount of riveting that must be
done. The viaduct at Jalama is 450 feet
long and 100 feet high from th<> bed of the
creek to the top of the ties. The gap now
remaining to be finished is between Ga
vesta Pass and Point Conception.
The opening of the new line will mean a
nhorter and more direct route from this
city to I-os Angeles. The heaviest grade
fnr south hound trains Is reached four
miles between Santa Margarita and Cu
esta, where there is a rise of only 294 feet
in four miles, while on the present line
over the Tehachapl Pass it rises to an
elevation of 3033 feet.
VIEW of THK BIG VIADUCT NOW IX COURSE OF CONSTRUCTION AT JAL.AMA. WHICH THE SOUTHERN
PACIFIC COMPANY'S OFFICIALS EXPECT TO HAVE COMPLETED BY DECEMBER 1 OF THE PRESENT
YEAR.
Southern Pacific Officials Expect to Be Running
Trains Over the Route Uu DecemDer l. -
GRADING FOR THE NEW
COAST LINE COMPLETED
Thirty-One Additional Bodies Found
in Qalveston by Men En
gaged in Removing
Debris.
FORT WORTH. Tex.. Sept. 29.— The
Trinity River continued to rise all day
and Is fully thirty-five feet high at this
point. The overflow reaches out more
than a mile, resembling a large lake, an&
is from three to six feet deep.
Much of the Cotton Belt Railroad track
has been carried away. The Cotton Belt
station i3 surrounded with water three or
four feet deep, and all business is sus
pended temporarily, as trains cannot get
Into the yards, or even within a mile of
them. The waters have Interfered with
the running of trains and street cars in
the city. Service on the north side street
car lines has been abandoned.
It has been many years since the waters
of the Trinity have reached such a high
stage.
As yet no loss of life has been reported,
but it is feared that possibly some people
have perished below this city in the Trin
ity River bottoms by the unprecedented
overflow.
The people below here were not notified
of the preat rise, as they were at this
point. The damage to farms along the
river will he very great, and possibly the
loss will reach $100,000.
Last night the water around the water
works station was three feet deep. If the
flood continues to rise damage to the
water works cannot be averted.
The family of Superintendent Samuel
Evans was saved from the swollen stream
by friends who went to them in a row
boat.
GALVESTON. Sept. 28.— To-day 2200 men
were employed clearing the streets of de
bris and disposing of dead bodies from the
wreckage. Thirty-one bodies were found,
making a total of 2311 so far known to
have been recovered.
IN AID OF THE FUND.
Concert to Be Given To-Night in the
Ferry Building.
The band concert In aid of the Galves
ton sufferers will take place in the grand
nave of the ferry depot to-nlgrht. The
bands of the United States steamers Iowa
and Pensacola have been secured and a
most elaborate programme prepared.
ilarbor Commissioners Kllburn, Harney
and Herold have worked unceasingly on
the proposition and It will most assuredly
prove a great success. The, admission to
the concert is only 25 cents and that will
srive every one a chance to add his or her
mite. The concert will be under the direc
tion of Professors Stanton and Gomez
and the programme will be as follows:
"Star-spannrled Banner." Penwaeola and Iowa
bands: overture. "Orpheus" (Offenbach), Iowa
and Pensacola bands: grand selection, -'The
Vrlncess of Treblzonde" (Offenbach), Pensa
cola band; waltz, "Die Hydropater" (Gungl),
Pcnsacola and Iowa bands; grand selection,
"Xabucco" (Verdi). Iowa hand; overture,
"Tambour des Oarde" (Till). Pennaoola band;
patrol, "The Blue and the Gray" (Dalby), Iowa
band; grand selection, "Lucia dl Lammermcor"
(Donizetti). Pensacola and Iowa bands: duet for
cornets, selected. Messrs. Kennedy and Pacheco
of the Pensacola bond; gallop, "Pleasures of
Matrimony" (Ounsl). Iowa band; march,
"Emancipation Day Parade," Iowa and Pen
eucola bands.
The work of the State Relief Commit
tee has grown so rapidly that it has been
Seemed advisable to appoint the following
new sub-committees:
Cloak and Suit Houses— Armand CaiUeau, M.
M. Lowenthal, Albert Muller. J -
Confectioners— Frank Maskey, George W.
Haas, J. Seldl.
Bicycles — T. H. B. Varney, John W. Leavltt.
C. M. ChristofTer.
Carpenters and Builders— Jeremiah Mahoney,
Samuel H. Kent. H. C. Robinson.
Contractors — J. W. McDonald, Harry N. Gray,
T K. Treacy.
Laundries— W. J. Blgiry, Electric Laundry
Company. La Grand? Laundry.
Butchers— Katz & Sons, R. T. Baccus, A. De
courtieux.
Mu?lc Dealers — Byron Mauzy. Benj. A. Cur
taz. B. S. Hockett.
Fish Dealers— Erland Drysellus, A. Guisti,
Antonio nillanti.
Dry and Fancy Goods (retail)— Benjamin
Newman. C. Curtln. David Livingston.
Capitalists and Estates— H. II. Taylor. Samuel
BIgelow, F. W. Zeile.
The following additional subscriptions
have been reported by the State Relief
Committee:
Fellon Rod Cross Society $10 00
Golden Gate Lodse No. 129, I. O. O. B. 10 00
Committee on hardwood lumber dealers:
Waterhcuse & Lester 50 00
Big Dipper Mining Co 23 00
Mrs. Amelia A. Waterhouse 23 00
Taylor & Spot*wood Co 5 00
Lloyd-Scovel Iron Co 20 CO
Bolander, Perkins & Co 20 00
I. S. Van Winkle & Co 10 00
White Bros 10 00
Holt Bros. Co 20 00
Hotel committee:
Alice W. Adler 1C0
Irma C. Adler 100
The Colonial 6 00
nichelleu 6 00
M. & C. Stewart 6 00
The Plymouth 5 (*>
The Bella Vista & 00
The Crocker 2 nO
The Oliver * £"
The Renton BOO
The Wilmot •¦ "••:—; 1 °°
Committee on hay and Brain dealers:
Pmlth ft Son 6 00
M. Joost 2 50
Peters & Cowle 2 »0
Smith. Purcell & Co 2 00
K. AipeHinger 2 50
A. N. Grant 2 50
Total $240 00
Previously acknowledged 30.817 60
Total to date $31.057 60
TEXAS RIVER
OVERFLOWS FOR
OVER A MILE
The Trinity Still Rising and
Several Persons May
Be Drowned.
fli ij 1,1 c< A "V "K'T? A TCPTCP/^ f~* A X T C A T'TTT?T4 A "V^ C TT'TT'Tr'ArXiTr'T? "O 1 Oflrt
9
NEW COMMUNITIES
Prediction cf Dr. Ogborne.
"There is no question in my mind but
that whole communities who now suf-
fer from the bad effects of coffee would
be revolutionized if they knew of the ac-
tual facts regarding the use of coffee and
the help lhat could be obtained from
the use of Postum Cereal Food Coffee.
fa my own case coffee produced dizzi-
ness, heart palpitation and sallowness of
romplexion. When I abandoned the o:-
dinary coffee and took up Postum tNc
difficulties were removed." Rev. W. X.
Oprbnrne, Hammonton. N.J.
Some people, when trvinjr to break
off the coffee habit, feel the lack of
stimulant so much that thev mix half
roffec ar.d half Postum. then gradually
reduce the amount of coffee until they
jrink Postum alone.
Most people can break off from coffee
U once if they can have the* Poftum
Food Coffee, for the taste of the two is
¦ n much alike that myiv times^ the
:hsnj;e is not noticed. The user inva-
riably improves in health, and in a
month's time shows marked change
'or the better.
POSTUM CEEEAL.
The California Northwestern Railway
will run an excursion to Uklah Sunday.
September 30. Each ticket insures a seat,
as none will be sold In excess of the num-
ber provided. Fare for round trip $2.00.
Leave Tlburon ferry 8:30 a. m.; Ukiah 5
p. m. Tickets now on sale at 650 Market
street (Chronicle bldg) and at Tlburon
ferry. *
CENTREVILLE, Mich.. Sept. 28.— Wolf
Bros.' bank was robbed last night of $10,000
The thieves blew the vault open with dynamite.
The bank was insured In the Bankers' Mutual
Casualty Company of Pes Molnes for SlO.OuO
against loss by burglars or fire
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Mr. J. B. Potter, Centerville, R. I., writes Sept. 15:
"Fifteen years ago I had to give up business on account of poor health. 1 was
suffering from a number of old chronic diseases and had complete nervous pros-
tration. In 1891 r commenced taking Paine's Celery Compound and soon found
that 1 was getting the better of my complaints. 1 continued using it until I
was restored to good health. Believing that an ounce of prevention is worth a
pound of cure, I take the Compound in the spring and fall, and it keeps me
well. Paine's Celery Compound has made almost a new man of me, and I have
gained twenty-eight pounds of good, solid flesh and blood, thanks to its use."
"It cured me of old chronic diseases
and nervous prostration."
A Powerful Remedy for Disease
STATEMENT
—OF THE—
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
—OF THE—
UINIOIN
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF PHILADELPHIA. IX THE STATE OF
Pennsylvania, on the Slst day of Decem-
ber. A. D. 1S39. and for the year ending on
that day. as made to the Insurance Commis-
sioner of the State of California. Pursuant to
the Provisions of Sections 610 and 611 of th«
Political Code, condensed as per blank fur-
nished by the Commissioner:
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up tn
Caah $3».0OO 00
ASSETS. ~ '
Real Estate owned by Company $160,000 00
Loans on Bon<1s and Mort(?ai?es 9.MK> 00
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bands owned by Company 121.141 75
Cash In Company's Office 1.435 22
Cash in Banks 23.M3 u
Interest due and accrued on all Stocks
and Loans 241 63
Interest due and accrued on Bonds and
Mortgages 150 Oft
Premiums in due Course of Collection. 52.275 70
Bills receivable, not Matured, taken
for Fire and Marine Risks 1.120 82
Due from Managers at Pan Francisco. 10,513 87
Due from perpetual Insurance on
building 743 50
Total Assets $531,334 13
LIABILITIES. ~"
Losses adjusted and unpaid $10,831 m
Losses In process of Adjustment or In
Suspense 28.473 68
Gross premiums on F1re Risks run-
ninff one y»ar or less. $188,749 82: re-
insurance SO per cent HJT4 Si
Gross premiums on Fire Risks mnnlnj
more than one year. $197.5>6 23; re-
insurance pro rata 10S.024 87
Amount reclalmable by the Insured on
perpetual fire Insurance policies 33.532 M
All other demands against the Com-
pany 12.691 15
Total Liabilities $273. M3 «S
INCOME. '
Net cash actually received for Fire
premiums $259,673 S3
Received for Interest on Bonds and
Mortgages vn s<>
Received for Interest and dividends on
Bonds. Stocks. Loans and from all
other sources 1T.2X3 75
Received for Rents 2.907 :.l
Total Income '. $3:0.464 61
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Fire Losses (In-
cluding $34,807 44. losses of previous
years) $13n.v« 4*
Dividends to Stockholders 12.000 00
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 52.C4S 34
Paid for Salaries. Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc 33,431 S8
Paid for State, National and Local
Taxes 9.515 5*
All other payments and expenditures.. 2».!>3O 33
Total Expenditures $K3.^2 57
Losses incurred during the y»ar. flre..*l<«.31S 51
Risks and Premiums. I Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks!
written during thel
year I $30,390,558 S313.3S3 71
Net amount of Rlsksl
expired during the
year 23.S91.K5 234.2W S9
Net amount In force
December 31. 1STO 37.759.095 | »1.34« 18
C. S. IIOLLINSQEAD. President.
E. R. DANNELS, Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me. this 20th
day of January. 1900.
MANLON D. YOt.*NO, Notary Public
PACIFIC COAST DEP'T,
510 California St.
T. EDWABD POPE, Mana ? «.
E. W. OSBOHN, Assistant Haaager,
STATEmENT
OP THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
-—OF THE
PENNSYLVANIA FIRE
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF PHILADELPHIA. IN THE STATE OF
Pennsylvania, on the Jlst day of Decem-
ber, A. D. 1E93, and for the year ending on
that day. as made to the Insurance Commis-
sioner of the State of California. Pursuant to
the Provisions of Sections 610 and 611 of the
Political Code, condensed as per blank fur-
nished by the Commissioner:
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up In
Cash J400.000 00
ASSETS. '
Real Estate owned by Company J222.50O 00
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages 719.900 00
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company 3,(15,090 00
Amount of Loans secured by pledge
of Bonds. Stocks and other market-
able securities as collateral 169.900 00
Cash in Company's Offlce 4.463 23
Cash in Banks 159.139 04
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 3. ISO 90
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages »,n: 54
Premiums in due Course of Collec-
tion 271.830 50
Total Assets S3.17S.2M 21
LIABILITIES. ~~
Lossfs adjusted and unpaid $1S.63< 47
Losses in process of Adjustment or
in Suspense M4.954 SS
Losses resisted, including »xpenses.. 9.563 76
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or less. $1,520,209 4S:
reinsurance 60 per cent 760.104 74
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year. $1,485,-
M2 87: reinsurance pro rata 796.122 M
Amount reclalmable by the insured
on perpetual fire Insurance policies 840,013 57
All other demands against the Com-
pany 4.000 00
Total Liabilities t2.593.4S0 95
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for Fire
premiums $1,(49,619 M
Received for Interest on Bonds and
Mortgages 40.243 47
Received for interest and dividends
on Bonds. Stocks. Loans and from
all other sources 1*0.554 14
Received for Rents 8.170 84
Total Income $1,877,383 13
EXPENDITUREa
Net amount paid for Fire Losses S1.225.53S 70
Dividends to Stockholders , 100.000 00
Palil or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 366. 4«3 65
Paid for Salaries. Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, ef 93,000 00
Pnld for State, National and Local
'Taxes 71. K4 65
All other payments and expenditures 85.924 11
Total Expenditures $1,942,141 11
Lr>**es incurred during the year. ~~ '
Fire $1,231,159 51
Risks and Premiums. IFire Risks. I Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during the
year $215,831,929 $2,106.936 86
Net amount of Risks
expired during; the
year 207.479.981 1.J67.731 43
Net amount in force
December 31. 1899 334.685.614 9.006.132 SS
R. DALE BENSON. President.
W. GARDNER CROWELL. Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before roe. thU 17th
day of January. 1900. THOS. J. HUNT.
Commissioner for California at Philadelphia.
PACIFIC COAST DEP'T,
510 California St.
T. EDWABD POPE, Manager.
B. W. OSBOBN, Assistant Manager.NEW TORK. Sept. 23. -Cotton futures opened
steady, with prices 1 point lower to 2 points
higher and further advanced 10<S>13 • points on
New York Cotton Market.
Lake copper, $16 5<X§>17: lead, $4 37%; spelter
!* 222 ! 15; tln - * 28 40 @ 28 8: '4: PWnrn, warrants
NEW YORK, Sept. 23.— The local tin market
wa« quiet and lower, closing easy in tone, ow
ing to rather large stocks on spot. The London
market was 6s lower. Copper was lower on
spot, with lake reduced to $16 50^17, owing to
a rather small demand from home buyers Iron
was lower to sell. Lead and spelter were oulet
but unchanged. Quotations:
Nezv York Metal Market.
SHEEP— Receipts, COOO; sheep, steady; Iambs,
good to choice, steady; common, 15c lower"
Good to choice wethers, $3 90@4 25; rair to
choice mixed, $3 60@3 90; Western sheep $3 90
@A 20; Texas sheep. $2 5O®3 60; native lamb*
U 25(3>5 CO; Western lambs, $4 73@5 35.
HOGS— Receipts, to-d.iy, 28,000; to-morrow
18.000 estimated; left over, 5000; average, steady
top, ?5 68. Mixed and butchers', $5 10@5 22'i'
good to choice heavy, $5 10®G 50; rough heavy'
$4 95(g5 05; light, ?5 2005 65; bulk of sales, i5 25
IBS 45. .
CHICAGO. Sept. 28.— CATTLE- Receipts.
2000; generally steady. Texans slow to 10c
lower. Good to prime steers, $5 45^5 85; poor
to medium. U 50@5 40; selected feeders, choice,
steady; others weak. $3 S0@4 50; mixed stock
ers, weak, $2 50@3 60; cows. $2 70<g'4; heifers
12 90@-4 60; eanners, $2'Jf2 65; bulls, weak. $2 60(5?
4 15; calves, $4 50@6 50. Texas fed steers, $4 15
&5; Texas grass steers, $3 25@4; Texas bulls
$2 30*23 25.
• LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— Sept. Dec.
Opening 62 6 4>4
Closing 6 2 6 3%
• PARIS.
Wheat— Sept. Jan.-Apl.
Opening 20 05 2160
Closing 20 00 21 60
Flour-
Opening 25 90 27 65
Closing 25 90 27 60
Chicago Livestock Market.
NEW YORK. Sept. 2S.— The following table,
compiled by Bradstreet, shows the bank clear
ings at the principal cities for the week ended
i September 27. with the percentage of increase
; and decrease as compared with the correspond
1 Inz week last year:
Percentages.
Cities— Amount. Inc. Dtc.
New York SS41.601.623 30 5
; Boston 102.137.490 .... 20 0
I Chicaso 125.6S7.9S8 .... « 7
I Philadelphia 88,275,113 7.8
!Et. Louis 30.^20, "47 2 1
i Pittsburg 28.425.645 li.'e
j Baltimore 1S.767.S26
¦ San Franclnco 19.873,419 6!3 !!!!
I Cincinnati 13.342 100
j Kansas City 15.135.S46 2.6 .!!!
New Orleans 11.432.7&7 23.0
I Minneapolis 11.391.443 18.7
.Detroit i... 7.501.443 6.6
Cleveland 11.432.797 .... SS
1 Louisville 6,4in,«« ....
j Provid»nce 5.462.400 's'2
1 Milwaukee 5.46K.5I3
St. Paul 6.3GO.S97 5.3 ....
(Buffalo 4,817.734 .... 6^5
! Omaha 6.31R.7O5 .... 12.6
j Indianapolis 5.8S6.914 .... 32
I Columbia, Ohio 4,691.000 .... 9 j
, Savannah 8.723,166 .... is!j
Denver 3,700.875 .... 3.1
Hartford LSS6.573 .... 1 3
Richmond 2.714,572 . 24 1
Memphis 2.3GS.223 6.3
Washington 1.S74.422 11 1
Perria 2.217,3<;« u'.5
Rochester 1.C74.9M 43
New Haven 1.221,127 17.4 ""'
Worcester l.?2l,105 12 6
Atlanta 1.978.2S6 29 5
Salt Lake City 2.451,366 214.6
Springfield. Mass... 1.071,871 .... 6 8
Port Worth 1.138,331 12. S
Portland. Me l.OfO MS 28 7
Portland. Or 2.SC7.54! 85*2
Ft. Joseph J.713.428 4.5
I Los Angeles 2,183,127 17.4
p-'oifolk 1.3S7.233 23.7 „"
; Syracuse 961.152 34.2
Des Moines 1.402.R22 18. 4
Nashville 1 163 4»O " "
Wilmington. Del... S5S.417 "6.*9 *"'*
Fall River 818.760 .... 9 4
Scranton 1.231.404 8.4
Grand Rapids 1.196.S33 .... 272
lAWUfta, Ga. 2.609.6R6 89.6
Lowell 460.319 22'o
Dayton, Ohio 1.067,552 22 0
Seattle 2.871.95J ..!. jft'l
Tacoma 1.287.174 8.8
Spokane 1.342.4S4 .... 28*S
Sioux City „ 1.24J.O7 ,.„ J.;.
i NEW TORK. Sept. 28.— R. G. Dun & Co.'s
Weekly Review of Trade will say to-morrow:
Not Wall street alone but the entire business
world as well watched the progresa^of efforts
to bring about a settlement of the anthracite
coal strike with active Interest. This week the
paralysis of the anthracite Industry was more
complete than last, and the effect was seen
upon the distribution of merchandise in the
East and the placing of new orders with the
manufacturers. Coal advanced 25c above last
week and many of the large companies refused
to name a selling price. The strike Involved
about 15,000 more miners and hundreds of train
men, but the working force has Increased large
ly through the settlement between the Amal
gamated Association and several steel com
panies whose works, employing 60,000 men,
have been idle, while only 1600 men were af-
J fected by the shut-down of the Susquehanna
Iron and Steel Company by the strike. In the
I East the conditions seem generally favorable
for a quick recovery with the coal strike over
while in the West there has been no noteworthy
reduction In the distribution of any class oC
goods. Weather conditions have been favorable
for late crops and farm work Is progressing
rapidly, except for some damage to grain la
the shock in the Northwest.
Aside from the expected reduction to $26 for
steel rails and a sale of Bessemer pig at Pltta
burg at $13 75, the whole list ol Iron and steel
products is unchanged. The feeling grows
stronger that the bottom has been reached
Taking the eleven articles quoted in our prlc>
tables It will be seen that after an advance
of o\er 100 per cent In 1899 prices have de
clined only about 35 per cent this year and
there is already a tendency toward a higher
level. One company in considering; the pui
chase of 10,000 tons of foundry iron and an
export order for 6500 tons of rails has been
placed. More coke ovens are In operation, but
the price Is unchanged.
Wheat again rose to 83c, but failed to maln
. tain the advance. Corn for prompt delivery
was scarce and advanced 10c above the price
at this date last year, or over 12 per cent
This naturally disposed of foreign buyers and
exports for the week were only 1.5G0.0C8 bushels
whilp for four weeks 8,476,546 bushels went out
at Atlantic ports, against 12,155,904 bushels a
year ago. Wheat shipments from the Eastern
coast were 2,783.713 bushels (flour Included)
against 3,929.138 bushels last year. In the
cereals, as with cotton, outsiders do not nur
chase freely at the current level of prices
Another increase of 5790 cases in shipments
of boots and shoes from Boston makes the
outlook more encouraging for that industry
and manufacturers are rejoicing over a wldelv
distributed ranee of orders, which indicated
that stocks of all grades have reached a low
point. Needs are imperative In many sections
Jobbers of this city are busy and Western
buyers ask prompt shipment. After a lonJ
period of stagnation the present moderate volt
ume of trade is most welcome. Leather 1*
sharing {he improvement, but the situation as
to hides is rather depressing because of heavv
curre . I ?. t , rece| P ts °t <*"le and the probability
of still larger arrivals. "*
. Sales of. wool amount to about one-auarter
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was steady; creamery, lG@21%c; dairy
13@18c. Cheese, quiet. 10V4@ll%c. Eggs, firm;
fresh, 16c.
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 20,000 14,000
Wheat, bushels 353.000 133,000
Corn, bushels 699,000 433,000
Oats, bushels 25,000 461.0C0
Rye. bushels 11,000 1 roo
Barley, bushels 50,000 24,000
BEANS— Bayos, $2 4002 60; Small White S3 50 '
63 60; Large White. $2 40@2 60; Pink 12 40®
2 60; Red. $3@3 25; Buckeye" S2 50; Lima $5 15a
6 25; Pea, J3 75@4; Red Kidneys! *3 2SC8K I® '
SEEDS — Brown Mustard. 3%@4c- Yellow 1
Mustard. 4»i@5c; Flax. $2®2 60; CanaJ. 3y£
per lb tor California and 4c for Eastern; JU- \
The feeling in Beana Is reported weaker, as
the Incoming: of the, new crop is beginning to
have Its effect.
Beans and Seeds.
There Is no further advance In Bran and
Hay. Both are firm. Receipts of Hay „„
heavier again. * re
¦ BRAN— |16«gl7 per ton.
MlDDLINOS-$lJi@:i per ton
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley $16(317 sn ~.
ten: Oilcake Meal at the mill $26@27? lohhiSt
$27 60G2S; Cocoanut Cake. SSOfill- Co™ « 1*
$13iSl4 CraCkCd COrn> l:6 50 &™; M&5 Fe'ed!
HAY— Volunteer. $307 50; Wheat. $10-S13-
Wheat and Oat. $10®12: Oat $s"oeii-
Clover. $4©6; Alfalfa, $6S7 50; Barley. $4 9
STRAW— 30tg37%c per bale.
Hay and Feedstuffs.
I-IILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour. $3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour ¦ « 75^ r™
Meal, $2 50; Rice Flour. $7; Corn Meal ' $2 75*
extra cream do. $3 50; Oat Groats, « 50- Hom
iny. $3 C0®3 75; Buckwheat Flour imm k.
Cracked Wheat. $3 B0; Farina, 14 60- \Vhofp
Wheat Flour. $3 25; Rolled OaV(barrel.) $6«
7 25; in sacks, $3 7507; Pearl Barley $5" "sDht
Peas. $5; Green Peas. $6 M per 100 lbs. P
FLOUR— California Family Extras. $3 60®
8 75, usual terms; Bakers' Extras, $3 40^3 50-
Oregon and Washington, $2 7503 10 per barrel
for family and $3 15@3 60 for bakers"- Eastern
$4 ~e<Uh 75 per barrel. ' ¦"•""»
Flour and Millstuffs.
Second Session — No sales.
Regular Morning Session— December— 2000 ctls
75%c.
Afternoon Session— Xo sales.
OATS— Continue dull, though there are a few
sales right along.
White. $1 154tl 30; Surprise, Jl 35@1 40" Red
$1 1001 20; Gray, $1 10@l 20; Black for feed
$1 Wiai 15; for seed. U 15® 1 20 per ctl
CORN-None offerlre.
RYE— 90<?92%c per ctl. '
BUCKWHEAT— Nominal.
Informal Session — No sales,
CALL BOARD SALES,
Feed, 77%c for choice bright. 75c for No 1 and
70®72%c for off grades; Brewing and Shipping
grades, S0(ffS3c; Chevalier, nominal.
BARLEY— The market continues to advance
and is very firm. Holders in the country have
stopped shipping, and there Is not enough here
to fill the demand. s * re
Regular Morning Session— December— tOOO ctla
$106%: 10,000. $10SU: 14,000. $10654. May— 12
000. ?1 13; 20,000. $1 13U. * '"
Afternoon Session— December— 2000 ctls $1 0631
May— 2C00. $1 13%. ' * '*•
Informal Session— 9:ir, o'clock— December—
2000 Ctls, $107: 2000. $10678; 6000. $1 C6»i- 3« 0C0
$106%. May-2000. $113%: 30.000. $1 13>/, '
Second Session— December— 6000 ctls" $1 ftfiu
May-2000. $1 13»i; 14,000, $113. ?*«">».
CALL BOARD SALES,
Chicago opened with a downward tendency.
The speculative feeling was bullish at first, but
afterward weakened. The elevators bought
September. There was a good shipping demand,
but freights wore scarce. The weather was
unfavorable for the movement of Wheat in the
Southwest, and the same condition was Indi
cated for the Northwest. With good weather
largrr receipts are likely in the Northwest
This market was dull and very weak with
a further decline in futures.
Wheat-Shipping. Jl 03%; Milling. $1 06Vi
WHEAT— Liverpool and Paris were lower.
New York declined lc and St. Louis was a
seller. The market was weak all over the
world.
Wheat and Other Grains.
Sterling Exchange. 60 days $4 S3
Sterling Kxchange, sight — 4 87>4
Sterling Cables — 4 gg£
New York Exchange, sight — 07H
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 10
Fine Sliver, per ounce — e3}i
Mexican Dollars, nominal 50 @ 51
Exchange and Bullion.
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour, dull
and weak: No. 3 spring wheat, 72@76%c: No
2 red, 76Vi®7SVic; No. 2 corn, 40%f441c; No 2
yellow, 40%@41c; No. 2 oats. 22W(i?:2%c; No! 2
white, 254i<g27Uc; No. 3 white, 23Vi'g26Hc: No.
2 rye. 52c; fair to choice malting barley 63^
57c; No. 1 flaxseed. $1 50; No. 1 Northwestern,
$150; prime - timothy seed, $4 30^4 45; mess
pork, per barrel, $12 20<ffl2 25; lard, per 1C0
pounds, $7 10<37 12%; short ribs sides (loose),
IS 15@S 35; dry salted shoulders (boxed). 6W.fi:
6%c; short clear sides (boxed), $S 20@S 30
whisky, basis of high wines, $1 26.
WheafNo 2- ° Pen- H ' eh - L ° W - Close -
September* .!.... ... 77% 77U 76V t 76y 4
gctober 77«i 774 76^ 78%
N C?rn^o."2-;:" 78V4 7S * " "*
September 42!i 42^ 4O',i 40*.
<*=tober 39% 2<>% 3914 33%
N Oa e u b No." 2 - "* ** 36 * 3( £
September 21% 22 21*1 2°
October 21V4 22 21% 22
November 22% 22*4 22 r>i:
Mess Pork. ?er bbl- V *
October 12 37% 12 37% 12 10 12 15
November 1125 1130 1125 1130
January u 62% 1167% 1157% 1160
Lard, rer 1C0 lbs—
October 7 07% 7 10 7 05 7 10
November ....7 05 7 07% 7 05 7 0714
January 6 80 6 S2V4 6 77% 6 80
Snort Ribs, per 100 lbs—
September S 15 8 25 8 15 8 25
October 7 So 730 7 SO 7 80
January .....6 20 6 25 6 17% 6 20
From July 1 to date, this season, wheat ex
ports are 42,762,500 bushels, against 50,516,015
Wheat, including: flour, shipments for the
week aggregated 4,212.810 bushels, against 3,535.
837 last week and 3,872,455 in the corresponding
week of 1899.
Spot cotton is up on the week, but the gen
eral market has fluctuated nervously, influenced
on the one hand by heavy receipts and on the
other by apparent famine conditions. A satis
factory activity in distributed trade, checked
t} some extent In certain localities by unseason
able weather and in others by a tendency to
curtail operations pending the outcome of the
Presidential contest, is disclosed by tele-graphic
advices.
But little of significance is to be extracted
from the movement of prices. Wheat has been
somewhat irregular and prices shift listlessly
being about where they were at this time last
tveek. Absence of foreign demand, owing: prob
ably to larger Russian shipments, coupled with
higher freights, tended to the unsettlemenc.
NEW TORK. Sept. 2S.-Bradstreet's to-mor
row will say: The month of September closes
with a rather better outlook In the Industrial
world than was apparent a week or ten days
ago. The reports as to the -probability of a
settlement of the anthracite coal strike which
have been current for a couple of days seem
to have a basis of fact and there Is more than
a likelihood that the most disturbing feature
in the industrial situation for some time is in
process of elimination. The settlement of the
amalgamated wage scale in the West has al
ready resulted In the starting of some Im
portant mills. An encouraging feature In tho
iron and steel situation Is the number and
character of foreign inquiries. Thus far little
response in the way of orders has been elicited
by the reduction in the price of steel rails
though It is perhaps a little early to speak
with definiteness as to the effect of the reduc
tion. Prices of Southern pig have been shaded
Bomewhat at St. Louis and at Pittsburg there
have been moderate sales of Bessemer piglron
at the decline. The demand for structural ma
terial continues steady and prices are firm. The
fact that the tin plate scale remains unsettled
pirxlucf-s but little effect.
Xczc York Stock Market.
NEW YORK, S»pt. 2*.— Stocks were reaction
ary to-day on the substantial s=atisfac
tion of the urgent demand from the *hort ia
tereM. The brokers were too busy on the floor
ltst night in the closing hour to notice what
was going on in the loan crowd, but the fact
was disclosed thie morning that the supply of
ftocks v.aa again very abundant, ae a result
Of the heavy reduction in the outstanding
short Interest and the consequent borrowing
demand for stocks. This in itself was suf
ficient to indicate a reaction, a* the existence
of a larp«* short interest is a potential sup
poit to rrlr-e? and Its eliniination materially
weakens the technical porttton of the market.
In addition there was the usual lark of ex-
Ijli^it official information regarding yesterday's
rumored strike settlement and some natural
reaction in sentiment as a consequence. But
the underlying conviction remains unshaken
that a sott lenient Is in course of arranfr^mer.t.
There were strong e;>ots among the coslers.
Heading first preferred advancing at the cpen
inp on it? good showing of August net earnings
end Laikav.anna rising an extreme 3\ points
on the d<x-laratinn of the regular quarterly
dlvMen-J. This served as something of a drag
on the downward course of the market. Grow
ing weakness developed among some of the
fpecia:t->s and heavy liquidation was in evi
dence In Northern Pacific, the stock declining
t^.. The liquidation was attributed to
IV-rlin account. The Berlin stock market con
tinued in a highly unsettled condition, owing
to the growing stringency of money. De
c'.frrs for mar.y of the prominent stocks
ranged f n , m j to 2 points from the lowest and
the den-.an<l to cover shorts at the decline wa«
sliRhl. The market closed dull and heavy.
The prfKpeots of an unfavorable bank state
ment was a notably depressing factor.
Sterling exchange steadied In New York to
day, but cxrhar.se on Berlin and Paris fell
sharply.
Liquidation in the stock market has not been
es lcrgr a? last ».<"fk, but a small decrease
In loans in expected to-morrow. The inroad
upon surplus reserve- will, nevertheless, be of
formidable proportion*. The Assistant Treas
urer -aas debtor at the clearing-house to-day of
upward of ?2,2.»,OOO, as the result of two
oh'-eks f>r guM received from Australia at
San Francisco a week ago. But this gain by
the l>Hnks will figure for only one day in the
a* erase. A dispatch from Australia an
nounces the jhijiment of J4.ofiO.ffHj in gold to
San Francisco, which will ultimately become
available to the New York market.
The r»-Hctir,nary tendency was not *o manl
fcFt ;-. the railroad t«n<1 market as for stocks
TrtH rale«. par value. 1730,000.
United States refunding twos, when issued
r'-cii-tered. advanced >» in the bid price a"d
new fours declined %. "
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Sh ]",r? Clo-Ins
Sold. stocks— ma
•.«• Atchison o^
"LVi Atchison pr«fd " csi*
i..">10 Baltimore A.- Ohio " " 6"C
f>1 Canadian Paciflc '.'.'.'.'.'.'.'. 85W
350 ("anaiia Southern "" 43
710 Chosai#ake & Ohio II!.'."!!! 27
200 Chicaco Great Western ! jo
9<W Chicago Hurlington & Quincy !!!!l21vi
Chicago Indiarai-olis & I..»ui* -y^
100 Chicago lndianaj.olis & Louis pfd. o4V»
Chicago & Eastern Illinois &6
Chicago & Northwestern 109
3.260 Cblcaco Rock Itland & Pacific lfti
12,340 C C C & Bt LoulR * - 6014
*X> Colorado Southern 5>4
'"olorado Southern 1st prefd!.' I! III! 37
Colorado Southern 2d prefd.. ij»:
W8 Delaware & Hudson no
1.2i»i Delaware Lackawauna & Western 175^
2X> Desnrer &. Hio Grande ' isil
- Denver & Kio Grande prefd . 1 1 1 1 1 1 65^
Hrio 1st prefil ."........'.'.".'. 3^
t59 Great Northern j>refd .. jej
200 Hoiking Coal ,»,/
JWi H-klw Valjey J 21
740 Illinois Central 1,5
100 lov.a «v-ntral '..'.'.'.'.'" 1714
Iowa Central prefd ;..-; »;2
Lake Krie & Wc-stern '.'.'.." 25
I-ako- Krie & Western prefd II! ss
Lake Shon- "jOo
.",<St l^iuii«vill*> & Xash\1Ile ... '"' rnw
r..ftT, Manhattan L cgir
;.lli Metropolitan Street Hallway"! 146*
M"xic«n Ontral '-¦- i fl i7
100 Minneaiw,Ms S-. St Louis.. r\
MlnneapoIiR & St Louis prefd 01
S.310 Miss-ourt Pacific \- u
Mobile & Ohio !!!.'!!!!!" ST!*
....... Misf^oi-rl Kansas & Texas ..... * 91/
l.O;; Missouri Kansas & Texas prefd ¦*;£
1">3 New Jersey Central "l"
i.V.l New York Cor.tral ijjfv
2.CU Norfolk * Western I
110 Norfolk & Western prefd jj*
35.W4 Northft-n Pacific '// 45^
3,fii:t Northern Pacific prefd ][\ 57?
(IS Ontario & Western - 20
Orfgon llallv.ay *i Navigation " 42
Or»-*rnn Railway & Navigation pfd. 76
4.350 Pennsylvania 12SM
300 Heading ."! 15 2
1V.C73 Itoadinfi 1st rrefd 04S
Heading Id prefd fgu
Rio Glands Western 53
Rio <7ran<ie %A>etcrn prefd SO
Ft Ixiuis & Pan Franciwo 9^ (
St I^ouls £: San Francisco 1st pfd. 64
100 Pt Ix.-jiF A San Francisco 24 pfd. 22
*>» St I ouis Southwestern ll«i
€25 St Louis Southwestern prefd 26
4.330 Bt Paul H2V4
Ht Taul iTffd 173 !
Bl Paul & Omaha 110 j
2.ir.ft fs-iuthern Paciflc 31% 1
4<iO Southf-rn Jtailwar 11 i
1.7CJ} Fouthcrn Hallway prefd Sl«i
••¦» Teras & Pacific 14
T..'Jiti Unlfiti Pacific 65&i
I.&Cj T'nion Pacific rrefd ;w
.-. Wiu.b ...*. g£
; _ £
I CHICAGO. Sept. 28.— Wheat started dull and
I weak and kept at that gait ali day. The chief
I bearish factor was the Uroomhall estimate that
; the Argentine would have an exportable sur
j Plus of 92.000.000 bushels. On the other hand
, Northwest receipts were light, Argentine shlp
1 Slfl"» , 1/ M°' 000 b " shels - compared with 624.-
OwO bushels the week previous, and New York
reported seventy loads taken for export The
crowd was in the selling mood, however, and
w U hiie n ? WB Wa , S tO vf Sed lnto the wastebasket.
( wnle the price bumped down the speculative
! stairs. October opened V4c lower at 77>i@77>4c~
j touched .7'ic soon after and then, under pres
| eure of liquidation, wme of it credited to for
, and aome of lt on stop-loss orders
; popped to 76^0 at which weak figure the-marl
, ket closed, V«<S»ic under yesterday
%c O 6o^ltM%c eSllrd a " day - ° Ct ° ber cl «!*
There was practically nothing done In oats
October closed a shade up at 21%@22c
1 Provisions enjoyed a fairly good speculative
| trade without changing much in price Janu
1 ary pork and lard closed unchanged; ribs 2^4c
¦ The leading futures ranged as follows:
EASTERN MARKETS.
Chicago Grain Market.
NEW TORK. Sept. 23.— Bradstreet's Finan
cial Review to-morrow will say: In the early
part of this week, the market was inclined tu
break under the influence of the anthracite
coal miners' strike. Declines were scored
throughout t*ie general share list, accompanied
by liquidatloi. and a good deal of short sell
ing en the part of traders. The only buying
support that could b« seen was in fact afforded
by the disposition of the proferslonal buyers
to cover their contracts at moderate declines.
On Thursday there was a sharp rally in prices,
due mainly to covering on a shorter extension
scale than at any time since the reaction be
gan. It was caused by the reports that a set
tlement of the coal strike was In immediate
prospect and that the political outlook, about
which Wall street was becoming more and
more apprehensive, had also improved. While
the bears themselves furnish the principal bu>
ing power it was noted that inside suppoit
once more appeared In certain stocks and some
scattered fresh buying was also noted. On
Friday, however, the short covering slackened
and reports that the settlement of the strike
had met with obstacles resulted in a renewed
declining tendency. The public still keeps out
of the market and Is considered likely to do
so until the election Is out of the way. Lon
don has taken little part in our market, though
some little buying by the -foreign element oc
curred, and they were also credited with sell
ing Northern Pacific. The money situation
was next to the strike and politics the prin
cipal influence in the market. The heavy
movements of funds to the South and West,
with the reduction of the bank reserves at
New York necessitates a curtailment of the
volume of funds offered on time in the Wail
street market and a marking up of rates to
5 per cent for arrangements ranging beyond
the election. A good deal of conservatism is
phown in banking circles, but lt is noticed
there is little or no disposition to permit any
undue apprehension to assert itself regarding
the relations of the money market to the po
litical situation. None of the symptoms of
acute alarm which prevailed four years ago
In the money and stock markets can be seen
as the present Presidential election approaches
and the tightening of money would appear to
be mainly the result of the heavy movement
of funds to the interior.
Ccal per t.-,n —
Cannei J ®14 00| SouthReld
Wellington .. ©11 CO Wellington —Gn 09
Seattle 9 000 Coos Bay Q 1 50
T>a '.ry Produce, etc.—
Butter, per sqr...4 r >aC0|Rjirch Eggs, per
Do, per roll 35*}50j dozen .33940
Cheese, Cal 12^ 1~>! Honey Comb, per
Cheese, Ka«t»rn... iinyi pound 15@Jf)
Che..«e. Swiss K«3Si Do, extracted.. .10©13
Tommon Eggs. ...23^3)
' Meats, per lb—
Bacon 1*-317' Porh. salt 1S3MS
Eeef. choice lo'ctiO Perk Chops 15®13
To. qnnd WnllRoanH Steak 10<^—
Ccmed Beef — ifilO! PIrlnin Steak I5t» —
Ham 15-g 1 — ; Porterhouse do 20<E? —
I^rfi — til". ; Smoken Beef — (Srl.1
Mottco t*WO P-;rk Sausages.. 12' '¦'?<»
Lamb WKJ12 Vpal 12fl5
Perk, fresh 13(g— !
Poultry and Game-
Kens, each 50<?«3> Pigeons, pair. 4.1^50
Young Roosters. ! Rabbits, pair 40?i'f>
earn S^sp, Hare, — f»y>
Did Roosters. ea..40Ti3O; Doves, per i\02...^?ftl\
Fryers, each *'»«*4. ! >; ™rous'». pair.-Jl Sf^S K\
Broi'.'T?, each 30W4* ; Sare Hens. pair. . .50®—
Turkeys, per lb.. . 15 til 1 - Quail, per duz.3 50®» 00
DucUs. each 10;y60 Kn^lish Snipe,
Geese, ea<*h...Jl MS* « 3 ' P e r dozen 300
Fruits and Nuts —
Almonds, per lb-.T.-.U — -Limes, per do».. .12^13
Apples 4 1* 5 I Lemons, doz lbf*~
Bananas, dozen.. .I.Va 20 ' Plums, per lb 4t* 3
Cantaloupes, ea.-.lOfj l.">: Quinces, per lb... 4® S
Figs, per lb 5© |JHal«fn» per lb «"*n
Orapos. per lb Mt 8 ¦ Raspberries. dr...30??4O
5Vaterrr."lons, ea. .15^35' PeacRes. per lb... 4-->f «
Nctmes Melons. 1 Strawberries, per
each — <* "> drawer 25^59
0range3. doa lMJ-j Walnuts, per lb..lj'<j—
VegPtables—
Artlchukes. doz...30f?">0|On!c=3, per lb &i 5
Beets, doz 12Sin.Okra. green pr lb.lcaiS
Uear.s, white, !?>.. 5i» $< Peppers, green lb 5ttt')
Colored, per lb. 4fl 5 rotatoes. per lb.. I'h 5
Lima, per lb — <ii S:?weet Potatoes... 3© 4
Cabbage, each 5^10 Parsnips, per doz.lSt* —
Cauliflowers, each 5':£10 Radishes, dz bchslO^flJ
Celery, bunch 5C — Sace. diz bnchn. .2">W3.>
Crfs?. doz bnchs.2flfi2."^trins Beana, It).. 4tJ 5
Cucumber, pr dz.10^12 Summer Squash.
Eg'.' Plant. lb Silrti per lb 49 3
Or»pn •"•-m. rtoz..l<vw2'»! Thyme, per lb IP-WO
Green Peas, lb 5^ 6 TurnlD». per d"r.lfn>15
Lettuce, per doz.l^iij:— Tomatoes, per lb. V§—
Fish-
Barracuda 12® — IShad 103 —
Carp SSlOiSea Bass — HIO
Codfish 12a— 'Sm»lt» 12fJ—
Flounders 81il0;P"Ies lOi^—
Halibut lO^rlSkatnt, each 8313
K!njrfl?h 9}*— ;Tomcod — ®19
Mackerel lJ-Q— iClams. gallon 5C<J—
Do. Horse 12ii'j?— ' Do hardshell, lb S«—
Perch 10^12 1 Crabs, each 12'^^—
Pompino 'JOfl— Do softshell, dz 10^—
l!^i-fi«h — 52 V I Mussels, quart.... 5-7»19
Salmon, fresh — ~3— 1 Oy«ters. Cal. 10O..40'3CO
Do. emoked —#15 Do Eastern. doz:3-ff49
Slirimps SftlOl
Butter an<5 Eggs are dearer again. There <¦
no change in Cheese.
Poultry and Game remain about the same.
The former has been In good supply all th»
week. The season for all kinds of gams opens
on the 1st.
Fruits and Vegetables stand as before quoted,
hut from now on prices will advanc? mor« or
less, as the season is drawirjr to a closa.
Bradstreet's Financial Review.
A large supply of new evaporated apples was
™ «, e 1° a . Vl W ' ith the rcsult that P rices
were somewhat lower to sell, but up to Ihe
close of business no material change was noted
e «f, r °, m^ a W< i a J c ""d^rtone. State common
njJihJ'iSSlf d^ e<1 fFUltS Were 8l0W bUt nOm| -
JJf \IlX-, y - Prunes we re quoted on the basis
a \»^i^?Si-S er T> poun(J ' M to slze and quality.
PFACH^c f~^°r a J ! }}%U Ci Moorpark. lf,@16c.
PEACHES— Peeled, 14@lSc; unpeeled, 6<S3c
DRIED FRUIT.
™Vi°^ EE r- fc POt Rio, quiet; No. 7 Invoice. 8%c;
mild, barely steady; Cordova, 9%@14c. Coffe4
rutures closed steady at unchaneed to 10
points decline. Sales, 36.000 bags, including:
»f P 5n m n r> i7 l Oct . ober . * 6C5 : November. J6 83
fi 6 .? 0^ £*° x mb «% * 7: January. $7 05; March,
m-w5» Raw - flrm; firm. -
liLTlbn- Receipts, 342S packages; steady
SSSSgfiHSg? 1 June creamery - ls@21^ c;
EGGS— Receipts. 6423 packages; steady. West
ern regular packing at mark, 12H@18c.
WOOL— Quiet
NEW TORK, Sept. 28.— FLOUR— Receipts.
24,800; exports. 15.200. Steadier on spring than
winter grades, closing rather easy. Minnesota
patents, fl 1O@4 50.
WHEAT— Receipts, 290,400; exports, 32,373;
epct easier. No. 2 red. 82%c £. o. b. afloat and
SC%,c elevator; No. 1 Northern Duluth, 86c f.
o. b. afloat; No. 1 hard Duluth, 8914c f. 0. b.
afloat. Options declined pretty much all day.
Selling motives included a bearish Argentine
crop estimate, lower cables, persistent liquida
tion; poor speculative support and heaviness
in outside markets. Closed weak at Title net
r£\ ' , Mar , ch . 8C@S6Hc, closed 86c: May, S5»4
eS6HC, closed 85>jc; September, S0%?3«l 9-l6c
closed SOKc: October, 80%@-81% c . clSsed 80%c';
35 " 16 ' 2 " 83^ 0 ' closed 83c -
HIDES-Firm. '
SAN FRANCISCO. Sept. »— 6 p. m.
The following maximum temperatures were
reported from stations in California to-day:
Eureka — Lc* Angeles 94
Injf>]*ndence 74 Sacramento 88
Mt. Tarr.alpais 7* San Luis Obispo 02
IJei niutr K6 San Diego b6
Fresno gS
Sa:i Ftanciaco data: Maximum temperature,
*' : minimum. 5£; mean, C9.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pressure is highest over Utah and North
en Arizona and lowest in Montana and North
Dakota. It has risen over Arizona and fallen
<•¦•; tlie Upper Missouri Valley.
The «<-jn;«-r3ture has remained nearly station
ery over California and risen over the plateau
p _:¦ n.
TTW vr.ather is cloudy over Northern Wash
:n>;t and clear elsewhere wept of the Rocky
2ii"-iitiint.
< or.iitionp are favorable for continued fair
pleasant weather in California Saturday.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hour* en&ag midnight September 2?:
Northern California— Fair Saturday; light
northerly wind.
.--•luth.'rn California— Fair Saturday; light
northerly v.-ind.
N*»,-;i ,\a- Fair Faturday.
\'\h)- Fair; warmer Saturdaj-.
Arizona— Fair; v.armer Saturday.
San Praoctoca anJ vicinity — Pair; continued
l-ifMsant Satur-iay; light northwest wind.
O. H. WILLSON. Local Forecast Official.
J I' eat her Report.
Th<» annual review of the Commercial Herald
erd Market Review appears in book form, in
c ; rr. sr.d !? a creditable piece of work, aside
?r m the useful matter contained In its pages.
Prominence i? given to exports from this port
last year and the production o£ the leading
C'a!::ornian staples.
Tlie Commercial Herald.
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar 17i>ntario 6 00 !
"rown Point 10 Dphlr 45
Con Cal & Va 17 Plymouth 12 '
Deadwood 4" Quicksilver 1 50 !
Oould & Curry 30 do prrfd 6 50 i
Hale & Norcross... 20 Sierra Nevada 27 I
Homeatake 50 00 -Standard 4 00 i
Iron Silver bb:Qilon Con 15 j
Mexican 2". ! fellow Jacket 18 !
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— -Union Pac 55^
Call loans 3®4 West End 914i
Time loans 4@&| Bonds—
Stocks— " Atchison 4s 98% |
Atehison 26% iN E G & Coke 5s.. CO
do prefd .'.... 6&',i Mining shares-
Am Sugar 113\: Adventure Z\i 1
do prefd 114 j Allouez Mln Co .. 1% I
Boll Telephone 13?% ! Ama!g Copper S5 I
Boston & Albany. .245 'Atlantic 22',4 1
fk»«ton Elevated ...145 Boston & Mont 315 |
Boston & Maine. ..1?" :Butte & Boston.. 52
C B & Q 122 ;calumet & Hecla..745
Dom Coal 38 Centennial 13'4
do prefd 110 IFranklin 13'
Fed Steel 31^-Humboldt 25
do prefd 62»»:C>sc«v>la 63
Fltchburjf prefd ...136 jParrot 41
Gen Elec 133V4 JQulney 142
do prefd 139 iSanta. Fe Copper .. 4
Ed Elec III 210 jramarack 225
Mex Cent 10*i ; Utah Mining 2S%
Mich Telephone ... 85 ! Wlnona iy,
N E G & Coke.... 10'i ; Wolverines 3914
CLOSING BONDS.
C S 2s ref. when 1 Do 4s 91>4
issued, reg 104 iN Y C lsts 10$£
Do coupon 104% N J C jren 5s 122%
D S 3s reg 103VX Pacific 3s U\
Do Ss coupon lOj^t ¦ Do 4s 102^
Do new 4« reg...l34 > >» N T C & St L 4».. 107^4
Do new 4s coup. .134^ N & W con 4s SS
Do old 4s reg 114»i Or Nav lsts Ifc)
Do old 4s coup...n."i?i! Do 4s 102
Do 5s res 113 1 -* Or Short Line 6s...l27y,
Do Es coup. 113H! Do con 5s US
Diet of Col 8.65s... 123 Reading gen 4s 86%
Atchison gen 4s....l01»-4 R G W lets 99"*
Do adj 4s 85^ Bt L & I M con 5s.I12H
Canada So Ids 1W St L & S F gen 6s.l2»v.
Ches & O 4U S 9»^i;5t Paul cons 168
Do 5« IIS !St P C 4 P lsts...H7?4
Chi & N con 7s 139 | Do 5s llgli
Do S F deb Es...l20 S Pacific 4s 77
Chicago term 4s... 90 iS Railway 5s 10S»4
Colorado So 4s 7<»>4 : Stand R & T 6s... 66
D & R G lsts 103 Tex & Pac 1st* 113
Do 4b 97«4i Do 2ds 66
Erie gen 4s 67^ V Pacific 4s 106
F W & D C lsts... 72 jWaba«h lsts 117U
Gen Electric 5s. ...118 i Do 2ds 100H
Iowa Cent lsts 113»4,West -Shore 4s 112H
L &: N uni 4s 9S=4 WIs Cent lsts S3
M K & T 2ds 65 ,Va Centuries IS%
100 "Wabash prefd 16?;
200 Wheeling & Lake Erie Sfe
Wheeling & Lake Erie 2d prefd 22%
300 Wisconsin Central 10i-
Third Avenue 108^
Express Companies —
Adams 123
American 150
United States 45
AVells-Fargo 123
Miscellaneous —
150 American Cotton Oil 33
American Cotton Oil prefd 8S
100 American Malting 4
American Malting prefd JO
1.500 American Smelting & Refng 35»i
115 American Smelting & Refng prefd.. Ss'
American Spirits 114
American Spirits prefd 17
&0 American Steel Hoop lg
200 American Steel Hoop prefd 64>I
<.fio5 American Steel & Wire 30"%
650 American Steel & Wire preffl 70 7 i
£00 American Tin Plate 25'4
American Tin Plate prefd 79
11,710 American Tobacco S7%
American Tobacco prefd 12g'
120 Anaconda Mining Co 4»>-i
27,000 Brooklyn Rapid Transit oO'i
£.00 Colorado Fuel & Iron 30H
- 7*5 Continental Tobacco 34'^
200 Continental Tobacco prefd 75
1...3 Federal Steel 3114
700 Federal Steel prefd 62*4
280 General Electric l»«u
Glucose Sugar 48Vi
Glucose Sugar prefd 98»a
450 International Paper 61
410 International Paper ir
Laclede Gas 5g'i
625 National Biscuit 31^
147 National Biscuit prefd S4'A
100 National Lead 17^4 I
National Lead prefd 90
£00 National Steel 24U <
National Steel prefd 80
240 New York Air Brake 118
North American 1414
Pacific Coast 53
Pacific Coast 1st prefd SO |
Pacific Coast 2d prefd 63 !
1.600 Pacific Mail 2js;
15,750 People's Gas 84 : 'g
400 PreFsod Steel Car 3314
100 Pressed Steel Car prefd 70'i '
240 Pullman Palace Car 1S7
Standard Rope & Twine 5
2f,100 Sugar 116
P::gar prefd 114 1
3.SM) Tennessee Coal & Iron 64*4 1
2.1?." United States Leather 0V» j
100 United States Leather prefd «6'i !
130 United States Rubber 2S j
United States Rubber prefd 92>4 !
277 Western Union ~i^ !
910 Republic Iron & Steel 10»i
120 Republic Iron & Steel prefd 5lVi
P C C & St Louis «
272,900 Shares sold.
WHEAT— Spot— Firm; No. 2 rod Western win
ter, 6s 3d; No. 1 Northern spring, not quoted;
No. 1 California, 6s 6Hd@6s 7d. Futures— Easy
September, nominal; December. 6s 3Hd.
CORN— S^ot— Steady; American mixed new,
4s 4d. Futures— Steady: October. 4s 3%d- No
vember, 4s 2Tid; December, 4s 2>4d.
LONDON, Sept. 23.— Consols, 8S%; silver.
29 3-16d; French rentes, 99f 90c; cargoes on pas
sage, nominal, unchanged; cargoes No. 1 stand
ard California, 32s -6d; cargoes Walla Walla.
3Cs 9d; English country markets, firm
LIVERPOOL, Sept. 2S.— Wheat, quiet; No. 1
standard California, 6s 6Vfcd@6s 7d; French
country markets, quiet.
COTTON— Uplands. 6 5-16d.
CLOSING.
Foreign Markets.
TACOMA, Sept. 28.— Wheat %c lower. Blue
stem, 59c; club, 56c.
WASHINGTON.
OREGON'
PORTLAND, Sept. 28.— Wheat easier on
disappointing foreign advices and advance in
freights locally. Walla Walla, 56W56V4C- vallev
5?S60c; bluestem. 59@59Hc *. :¦'.
Cleared— British ship Penthesilea, for Queens,
town, with 111.0E3 bushels barley.
Northern Wheat Market.
PORTLAND, Sept. 28.-Clearings, J159 667;
balances, $63,739.
Portland's Business.
sey, $2 80 per box. Pears— Columbia, $2 20 per
1 box; Glout Morceau. $2; White Doyenne, Jl 55
@2; Vicar, $1 70@l 90; Beurre Grls, Jl 80;
d'Alencon, |1 SO; Beurre Diel, $1 Bo^l 65; Win
ter Nellis, $1@1 65; P. Barry, $1 65; Winter
Seckel, 55c. Peaches— Lev! Clings, 55(g 60c;
George's Late, 55@60c; Sal ways, 25055c.
The Earl Fruit Company sold California
fruit to-day as follows: Grapes — Tokays, sin
gle crates, 60c@Jl 65; average 94c; Tokays,
double crates. J2 40@2 65, average $2 48; Mala
gas, single crates, 70c@$2, average 83c. Pears
— Bartletts, boxes, 35c@J2 05, average, Jl 21;
DuComice, per' half box, J2 05®>2 90, average
age J3 43; Forelle, single crates, J2 95@4 20, av
erage $2 72. Peaches— Levl Cling, boxes, 20@70c,
average 50c; Sal ways, boxes, 20@70c; average
49c; George's Late, boxes, 30@35c, average 34c;
Crimson Beauty, boxes. 40@45c. average 41c.
Prunes— Italians, single crates, 70@90c, aver
age 76c; Sliver, single crates, eOl&SSc; aver
age 73c; Hungarians, single crates, average
40c. Fifteen cars sold to-day. Dry. favorable
weather.
CHICAGO. Sept. 2S.— Porter Bros. Company
sold California fruit to-day as follows: Pears—
Beaurre Clairgeau, $2 10 per box; Glout Mor
ceau, J2; Doy du Cornice, $1 45gl 50; Duchess,
Jl 4o; White Doyenne. Jl 20; Easter Beaurre,
Jl 35. Grapes— Tokays, 75c(SJl 70 per single
crate; assorted. Jl^l 65; Muscats, S0c@Jl 30;
Cornlchons, Jl 05; Emperor, 95c. Quinces— Jl 35
per box.
Earl Fruit Company sold California fruit to
day as follows: Grapes— Malagas, single crates,
WvgSOc. average 72c; Clusters, single crates,
average fl 27. Pears— Beaurre Clairgeau. boxes,
Jl lo(§l 40, average Jl 35; B. Diel, boxes, Jl 40®
1 4j, average. Jl 41; DuComice, boxes, average
Jl C5; Duchess, boxes, average $1 25. Quinces-
Boxes, Jl 15igl 30. average Jl 23. Eleven cars
sold to-day. Weather cloudy.
BOSTON. Sept. 2S.— The Earl Fruit Company
auctioned California fruit to-day and realized
the followins prices: Grapes— Tokays, single
crates, 9O.c@Jl 75. Average Jl IS; Clusters, sin
gle crates. Jl 5GS1 So. average $1 69. Peaches-
Sal ways, boxes. 45@70c, average 63c; George's
Late, boxes, 30fftG5c, average 53c; Levl Cling,
boxes, 4C#70c, average 69c. Five Cars sold to
day. Weather dry; favorable.
PHILADELPHIA. Sept. 28.— The Earl Fruit
Company's sales of California fruit at auction
to-day are as follows: Grapes — Tokays, single
crates, 60c@Jl 25, average 84c. Dry, favorable
weather. Four cars sold to-day.
pany sold California fruit to-day, as follows:
Grapes— Tokays, $2 30@3 25 per double crates.
75c<g$l 70 per single crate, and clusters. %l 05
®2 80; Muscats. Jlfgl 85 per single crate; as
sorted. $1 05^1 53; Emperors, 85c. Plums— Kel-
NEW YORK. Sept. 28.— Porter Bros. Com-
Stiver a fraction firmer. Exchange steady.
Wheat zveaker all over the world.
Barley advancing under light offerings.
Oats, Corn and Rye dull and unchanged.
No further advance in Hay and Feedstuff s.
Beans reported easier at unchanged prices.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables quiet.
Poultry continues dull and zveak. Game steady.
Butter and Eggs continue to advance. Cheese unchanged.
Fresh and Dried Fruits as before quoted.
Xuts, Raisins and Honey in good demand.
Provisions moving off well at firm prices.
Meat quotations unaltered.
Coal still firm, with moderate stocks.
£ eW aford 339,647 2.5
Knoxvllle, Tenn.... S21.0S9 42.2
i°P el J a • 1.4S1.000 209.0
Birmingham SS0.509 46.0
Wichita 49L32S ... ••-•
jilnghamton 33l[.S0O "i!6
Vexmstcn, Ky 3P2.561 40.5
Jacksonville, Fla... 157,156 .... 14.6
Kalamazoo 351.694 15.0
Akron 470,700 40.2
Chattanooga 446.293 46.2 ....
Rockford, III 270.032 6.9
Canton, Ohio 215,000 26.7 ....
PpringHeld, Ohio... 314,926 10.1
Fargo, N. L> 305.S52 42.5
Sioux Falls. S. D.. 122,282 •» 5
Hastings. Nebr 163.S47 33.4
Fremont, Nebr 129.037 27.1
Davenport 784,660 6.S
Toledo 2,073,211 13.4
Galveston 2.31S.000 .... 75.8
Houston 14,87(3.715 62.5
1 oungstown 300,242 .... 9.6
Springfield. Ill 430,4:7
Little Rock 538,730 47.8
Evansv:lle t 776.4S6 .... 11.3
Helena * 513.813 .... 9.2
Macon 733.000 18.3 ....
Totals. U. S 41,452,549,465 ~ ill
Totals outside of
New York 610.S97.S36 .... S.2
DOMINION OF CANADA.
Montreal J14.015.254 7.4
Toronto 9,741,799 .... ....
Winnipeg 1,832,952 .... 14.6
HaWa* 1.509,733 9.5
Hamilton 690.833 ... 6.1
St. John, N. B 751,214 2.5 ....
Vancouver : 1,046,674 4.3
Victoria 854,095 20.2
Totals J30.442.550 .... 30.5
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS
Flour, qr eks..
OREGOX
1,840
Flour, qr eks l^.l^jllay. tors in"?
Whoat, ctl3 3.11'»|Pe!t9. bdls JM
Harley, ctls 3.C.W! II!d?s. No 143
Oats, ctls l,l<-,DKarE:s. doz 9 j • .-,
Cheese, ctls fi2,Wine (fals 3'- >
Butter, ctls 1^3 Leather, rolls.... 172
Tallow, ct!s 22% Leather, rolls.... «a
Beans, sks 2.PS: Quicksilver flska 12r.
Potatoes, sks 6.2S3 Sugar. bbl3 117
Onions, sks 7 r >0 Sutrar, sScs gf(>
Middlinsrs, sks... 430 Chicory, bbls 25
Wool, bales 117 Lime, bbls Zll
Hops, bales 36 1
FOR FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER R
Receipts of Produce.
be sent to market. The coal strike in t*i.
Eastern collieries does not in any r.-av af>ot
the local market here, as the quantity of
anthracite that we receive annually is aim. »t
nil. The present outlook intimatps an ea-iv
conipromlso there, which Js heartily to t>* .*!»
slrpit Aii.«trailan and Knglish cnaia are itUI
Dnprocnrable, ths eoit, fre'ght anl .luty ad tc
make them too ox^enplve. The English I r-'
nal» ere adrocatlns thp imposing of pn' pxnrt
duty on all th°!r co;:! :.m.!iir-tf. so as t .' -..
t;iin their output for hoire imrpo»»», i' tW«
poes into pfTett. it sitmirtfs its nan-tsaportatlon
hero for al>timc C»ir c<.!lio:-y proprtetcn 'on
the coast are (loins their level best to sh
their rroducts to market, to avert any possi
ble fuel famine lnrally. so consumers may ant
suffer. Prices remain stationary, and thers
seems no disposition to advance quotations-
Ftlll houypkppr^rs .ire all flllir.? their bins!
fearine a scarcity later."
SUGAR- The V. es-.tra Susar Rrfining Com
pany quotes, per lb. in 100-lb bag*:
Crushed, 7.'>">c; PowiJereiJ. S.Soc; Canf*y
Grar.ulateJ. 6.6G0; Dry Granulated. «.*3oc- Cnn
fect'oncrs 1 A. C.jZc; Magnolia A, B.I.'k-; 'extra
C. f.OSc; Goidcn C, 5.9Sc; barr»!s. H v c m< re
hali'-barrol3. 2ic more: boxes. C«c more- :.- it>
taps. 10c more. No orders taken for less than
75 barrels or Its eqtdvalot Dominoes hair
barrels. 7.2Cc; boxes, 7.55c per lb.
Local stock? and bonds continued qulst. with
few and narrow fluctuations.
There were fair sales of oil stocks.
The Dutch Mining Company has levied an
assessment of 10 cents, payable October 22.
The Napa County 'Juicksilver Minirji Com
pany will pay a regri'.Jar quarterly dividend of
10 cents i>er share October 1.
The New Llria Quicksilver Mining Company
will pay s* rtRularl quarterly dividend of 10
c<;n:s per share and an extra 10 cents per share
October 1.
BTOCK AITD BOND EXCHANGE
Previous prices rule for all descriptions.
BEEF — S^itjbc for fctetrs and -t^ijov per lb for
Cows.
VEAL— Large. 7@Sc; small. 7i&3c per lb
MUTTON— Wethers, 7}4®8c; ewes. ¦ 7©7%c j>er
pound.
LAMB— 868UC rer lb.
PORK— Live Hogs, o^c for small, SHUS^ic for
medium and W4g5Hc for large; stock Hoks and
feeders, 5©5"|c: dressed Hogs. 7H©8 l 4c.
General ; Merchandise.
BAGS — San Quentin Bags, $5 85: Calcutta
Grain Bags, 5-Tic; Wool Bass. 2S',iS32',4c;. Fleece
Twine, 7Hc; Fruit Bags. 6^<ge&c for white and
S%@S%c for bleached Jute.
COAL— Wellington, $9 per ton; SouthHeld We'
llngton. $9; Seattle, 17; Bryant. $7: Coos Rav*
*5 60; Wallsend, $9; Co-operative Wallsen.I *-i-
Cumberland, $12 in bulk and $13 23 in saeW
Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg. $14; Cannel si>
per ton; Coke, S16 per ton In bulk and It's in
sacks; Rocky Mountain descriptions m « „!,
2000 lbs and $S FO per ton. according to brand
Harrison's circular says: •'During the week
there have been four arrivals of coal 'from
British Columbia with 12.7D0 tons; five from
Washington. 11,630 tons: two from Austral!?
6693 tons: one from Philadelphia? £?i tnnQ:
total. 33,766 tons. The amount at tT-inri .hii
week is about equal to the quality nl P ,i^
.till it 1 3 too close for comfort, a" we are
accumulating a reserve for the winter reouire
ments. which we prudentlally should. Crude oil
is enlarging its output very effectively new
finds are resorted almost daily, and there Is
lmmediau and crofltablo sale for all UuST can
oxi iuj.1 can
FRIDAY, Sept. 23 — 2:30 p. m.
X-'NJTED STATES BONDS.
4s quar coup'..ll.j-\n«% 4 3 rto cp (new).134 3 413oH
4s do res U4%II5% 3s do coup — 110
MISCELLANEOUS FON'DS.
Cal-st Cab 5s.m 119 Water Is. — 103
C C Water o3..1f«H107 iOceanic SS 5s.io7»4 —
E<1 L & P GS..130V* — Om C Ky 6s.. .!» —
F & Cl Ry 69.. — — 1'ac G Imp 49.101% —
Giary-st R 5s. — 39 V & Cl Ry 6s. W4 —
H C & S 5Hjs. — — P & O R R te.113 —
Do T.a — 103 Powell-st R 63.117 —
L A Ry 5s 1CG T 8 1C7S Sac L GAR Ss-HWH —
L A Lt Co 6s. — 1^3 ;p F & S J \"s.!20 —
. Do irntrl 6s... — — iSRof Cal «s.lll<; —
L A ET.td 5s. ..ICO lO-'i : B P of A b's. . ..HlVU'i
L A P R R as. - IK IS P C 63 t t3e5> .
Market-st €B.*.V3 — | (Series A) 110 —
I>o 1st *J S3..1l7*411S'i; Do (Series E) — —
N C N G R 7c. <— 11V :SPC 6s <1306). 113*4 —
,N Tl of Cal 6s. 113 115 | Do (1912) 121V122H
Do 5s mum |S P R 1st gntd — —
N P C R R 63.101 • — IS P Br 6s 132^133'i
Do 3s — 107 iS V Water 6s. 113 —
N Cal Ry 6a.. — 111 ! Do 4s 103 —
Oak G L & H.lf-9 — Do 3il mtg...lC2 —
Oak Tran 6s... — — St^ktn Gas 6s. — 102'i
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa.. 63'i 60*i Spring Valley. 95 9«?4
Marln County. Sl!j —
« GAS AND ELECTRIC STOCKS.
Cent G L Co.. — — ,Pac L Co — 4414
Cent L A P Co — 5 jSac El G&P.Co 35 —
Eqtrlt O I. Co. 2 : 4 S^i'S F & O E.... 52TJ 53
Mutual Ei Co.. 1(M, 11 ! Kan Franciaco 3 514
O G L & H.... 49 60 Stkn G & E*Co — 14
Pac Gas Imp.. SI ZW
INSURANCE STOCKS.
Flrem's Fund. 223 — /
BANK STOCKS.
Ang'o Cal Ltd. 6^'i — Lon P & A.. -.133 —
Bank of Cal.V.«S 410 M-rchants" Ex 13 —
Cal S I> &. T..10", — f.'ev Nat By... — —
First Nation!. .ii". 30ft
' SAVINGS PAXK3.
Ger S & L — — ?iv & L Co — SI
Hum S & LN — — Sec Sav Bk.... — —
Mut Sav Bk... 4S'i — Union T Co.... — —
S F Sav U....510 —
STREET RAILROAD STOCK3.
Caliromla 123 — tO S L & H.... _ 45
Geary-»t 23 — |Prssidlo — 22%
Market-xt - SfU!
POWDER STOCKS.
California — 1K2 1 2 Vigorit Ji<i 3'i
Giant Con Co.. R» S.". '
SUGAR STOCKS.
Kara S P Co. TVi — Kilaupji S P C. 21 —
Haw C & S Co — S!) Makaweli S Co IH'i 44
Honckaa Co. T.G'i — Onnmea S Co.. IS —
Hutch S P Co. "25 2T.'.i Paauhau S Co.CO 1^ —
MISCELLANEOUS STCCK3.
Al Pack Assn. — 125 Tac A F A.... \\ —
Cal Fruit A«n. 93 — Pac C Ror Co.lC>i> 13U4
Mer Ex Assn.. 97 lOrt !Par Paint Co. 12" 3 —
Oceanic S Co.. — 34 i
! ¦„•? - Mornln; Session.
Bcara— ' ; 1
W Alaska Packers* Assn 73
25 Contra CoataJVVateT ".] %<$ 5*1
o') >Iar,a PlintaiJon Co. s 30 7 ZA
5 Ktlau*a Susar Plantation, cash 21 m>
$V>,0ii« Lcs Ar.Rele? Ry 5 per cent bonds.. 107 00
J-Wtk Oc<»an:s 8 S bon-ls 107 37 'i
SO Pacific Gas Imp * 51 »5
San Francisco Meat Market.
HIDES AND SKINS-CtHls and brands sell
about lc under quotations. Heavy called
Steers, 9©9%c; medium. S%c> light, 8c; Cow
hides, 8c; Stags, 6c; Salted Kip, StJSHc; Dry
Hides, 15c; culls, 12c; Dry Kip, 15c; Dry Calf
15c; culls and brands. 12c; Sheepskins. Shear
lings, lSfffloc each; short "Wool. 3C@40c each
medium, 50@70c; long "Wool, 75cif$l each" Horse
Hides, salt. »2@2 25 for large, $1 75 for medium
$1 for small and 50c for celts: Horse Hide? dry'
$1 50 tor large. $1 25 for medium. Jl for small
and 25@50c for colts. Deerskins — Summer or red
skins, 85c: fall or medium «klns 30c- winter
or thin skins, 17%@20c. Goatskins— Prime An
goras. 75c: large and smooth, 50c; medium 2Cc
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 4gli4c per lb : \'o'
2. 3© 314c: grease. 2Jx2Vie. "
WOO L— Spring clip is quotable as follows-
Northern, free, 13@16c; Northern, defective I2fl
14c; Middle County, free. 14@16c; Mi.ldle Coun
ty, defective. 12<814e: Southern Mountain 12
months'. 9{?10e: Southern Mountain, free 7
months'. ll@12c; Southern Mountain defective
7 months', 9Sllc; Humboldt and Me'ndocino 1C
@17c; Nevada. 13® 16c per lb.
Fall Clip— San Joaquin. Si4@Sc; do Lambs' 8
@8e: Middle County, 9<gllc per lb.
HOPS— ll%i814Hc per lb.
ern sugar-cured Hams. ll'-Ac: Mess Eeef ftj per
bbl: extra Mess. J13; Family, $!4; extra Prime
Pork, 113 10: extra clear, $19; Mess $16 SO-
Smoked Beef, 12)&0tte per lb.
LARD— Tierces quoted 8t 7c per lb for com
pound and 9%c for pure: half-barre's pure
9>4c: 10-lb tins. 10c: 5-lb tins 10%c
COTTOLENE— One-half barrel. S%c: three
half-barrels, SHc; one tierce, S?jc; two tierces
8'/4c; five tierces. SHc per lb.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
Dealers quote unchanged prices for all de- '
scriptions. The demand is about as before re- ;
ported, being good for Raisins, Nuts and
Honey, and nothing extra for Fruit*.
FRUITS— Prunes. Santa Claras. 4 sizes, 3c;
40-SOs. 7c; 60-60s. 5%c; 60-70*. S%c; 70-S0* 314c:
80-909. 2%c; 90-1C03, 2^c; 100s and over, 2c;
rubles. He premium; Konomas, He and San
Joaquins less than Santa Claras, except 100s
and over, which stand the same. Apricots. 6
«JSc for Royals and 10@ll^c for Moorpark3;
Evaporated Apples, 5©6c; sun-dried. Z'Qic:
Peaches. 5i@5Hc for standard. cg«Jjo for choice
and 7@8c for fancy; Pears. 3t?7c: Plums, pitted,
6@GVic; unpltted. l@mc; Nectarines Sa5^c for
red and 5H«?«c for white.
RAISINS— The Raisin Growers' Association
has established the following prices for the
season of 1900: Bleached Thompson's fancy.
12c rer lb: choice, lie; standard, sv 4 c; prime,
8c; unbleached. Thompson's, 9c per lb. Sul
tanas—Fancy. 10Hc per lb; choice, i'.'Hc; stand
ard. S%c; prime. Sc: Unbleached Sultanas. So-
Seedless. EO-lb boxes, 6Hc; 2-crown loose Mua
catels, 6c: 3-crown. 6hic; 4-crown. 7c; London
Layers, 2-crown, $1 50 per box; 3-crown $1 60-
Fancy Clusters. $2; Dehcsa. J2 50: Imperial. $3.'
All prices f. o. b. at common shipping points
In California.
NUTS — Chestnuts. 13c per lb; Walnuts
No. 1 softshell. lie; No. t. 8c; No. 1 hardshell,
10c: No. 2. 7Uc; Almonds. 13<316c for taper
shell. ll©12«4c for noftshell; Peanuts. 5<g6c for
Eastern: Brazil Nuts,. 13c; Filbert?, 13c; Pe
cans. lli?13c: Cocoanuts. S3 5003.
HONEY— Comb. 13H®14%c for bright and 12U
<513c for Hcht amber; water white, extracted
"\1t9c: lieht amber extracted, 7@7Uc; dark 6
@6Hc per lb. "
BEESV.-AX— 24328c per lb.
Proz'isions. I
Cured meats continue to move off well at !
firm quotations.
CURED HEATS— Bacon, lie per lb for
heavy. U%0 for light medium. 12c for light. 13%e I
for extra light and lS^c for sutrar-cured; East- i
Wine Onuses continue weak under free sup
plies. Table Grapes show no particular change.
Melons stand about the same.
Pears, Peaches and Quincea are steady at
the familiar quotations. Apples are in large
supply and rather woak than otherwise.
Strawberries came in late and went off slow
ly in consequence.
The regular weekly shipment of 108 barrels
pickled Rnyal Anne Cherries went out en the
V lctorla steamer for Cincinnati.
UKC1DUOUS FRUITS
APPLES — 25©5Oc per box for common and
6C©90c for go"d to choice.
PEARS— Bartlett, Jl 25#1 35 per box; other
varieties, 4C&75c per box.
QUINCES— 23<J?r.Oc rer box.
CRANBERRIES— Cape Cod. $S 25-ffS BO; Wis
consin, $.S per bbl; Coos Bay, $2 50 per box.
STRAWBERRIES— $2 5084 per chest for large
and $6(57 for email berries.
RASPBERRIES— $;>S7 per chest.
PKKSJMMON8— «ft».5e per box
HUCKLEBERRIES — 5<&7c per li>.
POMEGRANATES — 40fc60c per small box and
Jl 25 per large box.
PLUMS— 25<fiorte per box and 6Q@75e per crate.
GRAPES— Muscat. 4O<06"c per crate; black. 30
<860c;" Tokay. 404?6Sc; Isabella. 40073c; Corn!
chon. r.OJI75c: "Wine Graces. $15^18 for white.
S:r><522 50 for Mission and $23f?25 per ton for Zin
fandel.
MELONS— Nutmegs, 35Q&3c per case; Canta
loupes, COcSJl 25 per crate; "Watermelons. $s®
18. with exua iarse at Ui'tfli per 100.
CITRUS FRt'ITS- Seedling Oranges. U©1 ."»');
Valencia*. %mi; Lemons, Jl 50^2 50 for com
mon and $3&i 50 for good to choice: Mexi
can Limes, $4 50@5 50; Bananas, SI 50@2 50 per
bunch; Pineapples, $1 50©3 5u per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and* Raisins.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
The advancing tendency in Butter and Eggs
continues, and both are higher again, with
pmall stocks and a rood demand. Medium and
lower grades of both, however, advance slowly,
as they are not nearly as firm as fancy descrip
tions.
BUTTER—
Creamery— Fancy Creamery, 2S@28c: Seconds,
27%c.
Dairy— Fancy. 25<g':6c; good to choice, 23324c;
common. 20@22c.
Creamery tub — 20@22%c per lb.
Pickled roil— ie@21c.
Firkin— lS@19c.
Storage goods— 22H@24e.
CHEESE— New. 9@10c; old, 8®S%c: Young
America, 10@10Hc; Eastern. 13»4'gl4c; "Western,
10012c per lb.
EGGS— Quoted at 20325c for store and JOffKc
per dozen for ranch; Eastern, lS-g^c spot, "and
24c to arrive.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Dealers still report a depressed Poultry mar
ket, supplies being In excess of the demand.
Game Is steady, with moderate receipts.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys. lf®llc lor Gobblers
and 12i@13c for Hens: Young Turkeys. 14-iil6c:
Geese, per pair, {1 23'31 50: Goslings, 31 5u?0*l 75;
Ducks, $3® 4 for old and $3 30-fM oO for younj::
Hens, J3 50@5; Young Roosters, W3* 50; Old
Roosters, $3 f.0©4; Fryers. $3'rf3 5<i: Broilers.
iZ'U 3 25 for large and J2fi2 50 for small: Pigeons.
II 25 per dozen for old and $1 50@2 for :*>iuab;-.
GAME— English Snipe, $21*2 50; Jack Snipe.
$1 2o@l 50; Doves, 60@75c per dozen; Cottontail
Rabbits. $1 25@1 50: Brush Rabbits. SI: Hare.
$1 25: Grouse. $S@3: Sage Hens, $2; Mountain
Quail, S3?' 3 50 per dozen.
Poultry and Game.
There is no further change worthy of note In
Potatoes and Onions. Vecetables also stand
about the same. Corn is poor and out of favor.
Green Pea» are firm.
POTATOES— Early Rose. 37%@40c; Burbanks.
40t?65c for Rivers and 7Dcfl$i 05 per ctl for Sa
linas; Sweets, 60c@?l for Rivers and 1123 for
Merced.
ONIONS— 60@65c per ctl: Pickle Onions, 3d
<g60e.
VEGETABLES— Green Corn, 65f8Sc per sack
and 50073c per crate: Oreen P.- .is, *<* per
lb; String Beans, I!i82*4c; Lima?. l??2c per
lb; Cabbage. 4Cg-^0c; Tomatoes, Bav. 23£5«e:
Kgpr Plant. 2afi-t><c ner box: Ureen Okra. -v>( «.'¦•:
Green Peppers, 30<p40c per box for Chili and 40
ttaOc for Bell; Dried Peppers, licalae: Carrots.
2o@35c per .«ack; Summer Stiuash. 251S4"c (or
Alameda; Cucumbers, 30550c for Alameda;
Pickles, tWl 25 per ctl for No. 1 and S«tf7*O
for No. 2; Garlic. 3c per lb; Marrowfat Squash.
$7©10 per ton.
falfa, nominal: Rape, 2%@3c; Hemp. 404}»c:
T DRIE'D FEAS^-Nlles. $125(9175; Green. $180
©2 05 per Ctlj Blackeye, Jl SO.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
20 to "SO, 15c; 30 to 40, 10c: 40 to 50. 7c: 50 to
60, 5%c; 60 to 70, 3*lc; 70 to 80. 3%c; 80 to 90,
2%c; 90 to 100, 2^c; 100 to 120, 2c.
To-morrow the directors will meet and de
clare a. dividend.
Prices forP.unes Fixed.
SAN JOSE. Sept. 28.— The California Cured
Fruit Association has made a differential of
%c a pound on all prunes for Mexico, Canada,
Central and South America, countries where
markets for prunes have not yet b«en fairly
opened.
With the fixing of prices for the largest sizes
for fruit In bags the association schedule, less
charges. for handling, is as follows:
covering, which became a feature, following
private cables asserting that many Manchester
mills were about to resume. Room sentiment
was. if anything, bullish. The market closed
steady, with a net advance of 7@9 points.
Condition of the Treasury.
? ¦
New York Grain and Produce.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 28.-To-day's statement
of the Treasury balances shows: Available
oil baJance . S137.24S.052; gold reserve. $S0,S01.-
NEW TORK. Sept. 23.— Money on call, steady
at 1%@2 per cent. Prime mercantile paper,
4V£5H per cent. Sterling exchange, steadier,
with actual business In bankers' bills $1 85%
for dernand and at ft S2V«,<S4 S2« for sixty
days. Posted rates. $4 83@4 S3^4 and $4 S7©4 87%,
Commercial bills. ?4 82U®4 82%. Silver certlH
cates, C3U«564U C . Bar silver, 63>4c. Mexican
dollars 49%c. Bonds-Government, Irregular;
State, Inactive; railroad. Irregular.
New York Money Market.
LONDON. Sept 28.— Atchison. 2SH; Canadian
Pacific, 89; Union Pacific prefd, 74%; Northern
Pacific xirefd, 69%; Grand Trunk, 6H; Ana
conda, 8%; bar eilver. strong, 29%d; money,
4@4V4 Per cent.
CLOSING.
Considerable option money was given for
calls for several months. This Is surmised to
be peculation on Brian's chances. The bank
released a rood deal of money, breaking »he
call rate from 4& to ZH per cent.
The markets here were idle and undecided
to-day, London declining to follow the New
York lead. Americans hardly held at parity
In the early hours and they closed flat on New
York offerings. Silver was excited, reaching
2314 on Government buying. There was a
strong exceptional demand for Mexican dollars.
NEW YORK. Sept. 28.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
London Market.
of last year'i and on* hundred grades quoted
In the Philadelphia market show a' decline of
about half a cent. ¦ i
Failures for the week were 204 in the United
States, against 157 last year, and 18 In Canada,
against 21 last year.
THE SA>T. FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 29, 1900.
California Fruit Sales.
Bradstreet's on Trade.
LOCAL MARKETS.
THt STOCK MARKET.
Dun's Review of Trade.
Bank Clearings.
Foreign Futures.
Continued on Page Thirteen.
10
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL NEWS
Family Retail Market.
AUCTION SALES
EMIL CO«J», AUCTIONEER
WILL SELL TO-DAY CSaturday) r , *-i r ¦
new Oak Furniture and nice Roxtmry <-.-. r \ :
and Lir^Ieum an. I new stove, etc. of <5 r <- -,'„
\o. 6 Marye Terrace, off Turk st. bet iw'h
iml Lar!v!n. K.'IIL, fQHX, Au.ni 'r. ¦ ' r
— ¦¦¦- — ¦ - ¦ — "".OAKLAND. Sept. 23.— Rosalie- Hinds
commenced suit to-day for a divorce from
Hiram C. L. Hinds on the ground of de
scrtion.
Judpe Ogdfn granted a divorce to Eva
Rosev.arne from James Boseworae on
the grounds cf dpsertion and willful neg
lect. The plaintiff was awarded the cus
tody of the minor child and $20 a month
for Its support.
Mary A. Lovelar.d was granted a di
vorce "by Judge Ellsworth from J. F.
I^oveland on the ground of extreme
cruelty. Ix>veland was ordered to pay |40
a month for the support of the two minor
children, who are to remain in the cus
tody of their mother
College Tennis Tournament.
BERKELEY, Sept. 2S.-The first tennis
tournament between college students to
be played this term wil! take place to
morrow, commencing' at S:30 a. jti. Sets
will be played on the University of Cali
fornia court, ir. East Oakland on Fifth
avenue and at the Alameda Club courts,
Alameda.
The twenty-four men who have entered
arc divided into three classes as follows-
First claas— Braley '01. Selby '01. Hunt
'02, McGavin '04. Brown "04 and Dibert *0t
second class— Stark '02. C. II. Gorrlll '02
Otis '03. Ho skins 'CS. Raker '03, K. L,
Jon«-3 '03, Ft. S. .Tones '0:5. Hume '03 Kad
clifro '03. Wayne '"4; third class— C. L.
Oorrill '02, Doremus '02. Alexander '<W
Posey '04. Youngs '04. Theler. *0».
High School Football.
BERICELET. Sept. 2s.— The Berkeley
Hlph School eleven and tiit» California
School of Mechanical Arts team will line
up to-morrow afternoon at 1 o'ciock on
ihe university campus. The elevens are
as follows!
California School. Positions, * Berkeley. .
K«*rr Ten t er McCoy
Wnitle k*ft jniard Lyon
Fleck niRht pnard Plurr.mer
nra<lfcml L#f I tackle McQ'-.crton
Hertmuller Ill irht tackle 'OttAtlitl
Mt.fs I-nft enil I.iTiUCOtt
Schleif Kifiht end Bancroft
Cullom .Quarter I). Saeltzer
Swift I^ft half It. Ka«Itzer
|Vr<y .Ku 11 hack Stoddard
Kern ,. Rirrht half Volz
LACK OF WATER IS
TO BE INVESTIGATED
Citv Council Wants an Explanation
of the Low Hydrant Pressure
From the Contra Costa
Company.
OAKLAND, Sept. 2S.— The lack of water
T^-fssure in the Contra Costa Water Com
xtasy'u hydrants on the occasions of *ev
( nil* recent fires is to be made the subject
cf a rigid investigation by the Fire and
VTatcr Committee «f the City Council. Tb*>
matter was broupht "P at a meeting of
:!'.*• committee last night by Ojuncllman
Btctson, who called attention to the fact
ihaf-at'the fir* 1 which destroyed the Pa
'¦A;r Metal BedFtead Factory the fire en
gines oould scarcely force any water from
the hydrants. Several other instances of
r«carcJty of water, when greatly needed,
v.f re cited.
The committee decided to leave the in
quiry in the hands of Chief Ball of the
f.re department, who was requested to in
terview the water company official? and
Seam from them why the proper water
j Tcssuie is not maintained !n the flro hy
cirntjts.
In reply to the petition for fire hydrants
ut Sixty-first street and Telegraph ave
nue and Filty-ht and street and Shattuck
nvr-nu.- Chief Ball reported that at the
forrr<*-r place tho water main is but two
Inches ii diameter and inadequate to sup
ply a hydrant.
Councilman La mmon was appointed a
rncamlttee t<> confer with the water com
> ."Tiy ortlrials and urt?»» them to lay a four
inrb main to th^ Berkeley town line.
BERKELEY BOARD OF
TRADE INCORPORATES
Members Will Endeavor to Secure
. Harbcr Improvements, and Better .
Transportation Facilities,
BERKELET' Scut. 2S.— The Berkeley
Board of Trade has flled articles of in
corporation, the dlrecturi being James L.
Barker, if. c narrow. \v. n. Marcton,
J. J. Mason: B. E. Und rwood, D. H.
Bruns and Philip Monroe.
The corporation is empowered to buy.
pell, lease and improve real estate in the
interests of the association. Its purposes
are stated to b<? to frstcr, encourage and
develop the mercantile, manufacturing
and home interests of Berkeley; to circu
late useful information concerning the
city: to forward the improvement of the
harl>or. water front, streets and public
parks, to extend railroad and transport:«.
tlon raefllUcfl and to aid and encourage
the erection of needed public buildings.
The director* wen electgd at a meeting
of the [ncoitmrators held last Saturday,
at which XV. 11. Waste presided and \V.
H. H. Gentry acted as secretary.
CITY WILL DEFEND
POLICEMAN MacRAE
Preliminary Examinations to Be
Held Monday — Funeral of
Myron E. Brown.
ALAMEDA; Sept. 2S— Policeman George
MacRae'a defense on the murder charge
against him for the killing of Myron rJ.
Brown will be conducted by City Attor
ney E. K. Taylor and the expenses of the
trial will be borne by the city of Ala
meda. The Police Committee of the
Beard of Trtif-tees, of which Joseph F.
Forrierer is chairman, has decided that,
as MacRae did tne shootinfc while in the
performance of his duty, it is the duty of
tfu> city to protect him against the accu
sation of murder. Arrayed against the
city in its efforts to secure the freedom of
the officer will be the lesral talent of the
District Attorney's office.
The preliminary examination of Mac-
Rae v.ill be held next Monday before Jus
tice of the Peace Morris. Chief Deputv
District Attorney Philip M. Walsh will
represent the prosecution.
The funeral of Myron E. Brown was
held this morning from the late residence,
3$?. Fifth street. Oakland.- Many friend?
of the deceased attended. The services
were conducted by Rev. K. R. Di!le. Tho
interment was in Mountain View Ceme
tery.
I ....A Office San Francisco Call,
U18 Broadway. Sept. 2s.
V. H. Partridge of 1416 Ninth street, who
• summoned as a trial juror in the
of Robert Melville, "the estuary
I rKte.' charged with burglary, found
I Imeetf in serious trouble this morning.
- confessed in court that he had talke-1
. I th" case after being called as a juror.
Judge Greene ordered him from the
iry Irf.x. and after reprimanding him in
a msnner that l^ft tin doubt in Partridge's
'r.ind as to what his Honor meant, de
prived him of his fees. Partridge -VUS
: id that he had violated his duty and
ir«rited jrreater punishment.
Alter inking a s'-at in the jury box
Partridge was asked if he had heard or
.read anything of the case. He declared
I bat he "talked of the matter and that the
. rsatioa nad created an iir.presslon on
is mind that would take evidence to re
tnove. The prospective juror refused at
t rst to state with whom he had discussed
• • <us<-. but at thf> firm command of
Judge (;re«-tie h«* had talked the ca.-e
over yesterday with hi« stepdaughter,
v. h" is an acquaintance of Melville.
What did your stepdaughter say to
you?" asked the court.
••Sh<> s;iid the ca.^e was coming up to
<!:^\ ."
• -Is that all?" T
"Well. yrs. thst ip about all she said."
-This nnsw-r brought forth the wrath o!
the' Judge, who In stern tones said:
"JvOw look here. Do you mean to say
i-hart those simple r^mi'.rks made a strong
Impression on your mine. Are you sure
n<ithj:;R c-!s*> was said?"
:£&XtrJd£C hesitated in answering, but
finally paid ho could not say whether that
nas allot the discussion.
¦•¦'.I> > ave tho jury box." ordered Judge
Gi^tw". "You violated your duty by
ppr-aking: <">f the case after being sum
•cinn^das a juror, and puch conduct is ex
tremely reprehensible. Though you may
tY:*Tli -fiXcatT punishment the loss of your
f>cs will teach you not *o repeat the
fjtlfcnse."
CSxnder Is Severely Reprimanded,
Ordered From the Jury Box and
Is Deprived of His Com
pensation.
A B. Partridge Discusses
Case a Little Too
Freely,
JUDGE STOPS
JUROR'S FEES
MYSTERIOUS DEATH OF
ALBERTA MACDONALD
Young Woman Supposed to Havs
Committed Suicide by Tr.king
Carbolic Acid.
* OAKLAND. Sept. 2S.— Alberta MacDon-
aid, IS years old, the daughter of Mr. and
Mr=. Charles R. MacDonuid. cied to-night
at her residence on Chicago avenue, near
Watson avenue. East Oakland, under cir
cumstances which point very strongly to
suicide from carbolic acid poisoning. Upon
th«» report of the physicians who were
called to attend the young woman Coro
ner Mehrmann took charge of the case
und will ho!<! investigation. An autopsy
will be required to determine the. exact
cau«c of death, aitbougrb there was exter
nal evidence that the girl had taken a
verv large dose of carbolic acid. For
nearly a year she h;id neen suffering from
a QerVOUS complaint, which had a ten
dency to make her ot a melancholy dis
position. She had bepn compelled because
of overstudy to retire from the high
school about eight months ago, and since
then had been much under a phys : clan"s
care.
Mim= MacDcr.ald had complained yester
day to her mother that she felt a recur
rence cf the symptoms of a year ago,
when Fhe had been seriously affected. It
is supposed this sense of returning illness
had preyed upon her rnind. although the
friends and relatives at the house this
evening declare that she hud shown no
sigrs cf mental disturbance. About 6
o'clock to-night Miss MacDorald said she
felt tired r.nd bade good-night to a num
ber of .Iriends. She went to her room and
retii^-d. Fifteen minutes later Mrs. Mac-
Donald stepped tc '..er daughter's bedside,
as was her custom, to see. if everything
was all ri?ht. Th*- mother detected the
heavy breathing of the girl, and believing
something was wrong summoned assist
ance. Those who came detected a strong
odor of carbolic acid. Oil, white of an ege
and vinegar were used while Dr. J. M.
Shannon ind Dr. C. M. Selfridge were
summoned. Although they arrived in U-n
minutes, the jriri was dying and the end
came very quickly.
"In kss than half an hour after she had
retired Miss MacDonald was dead," said
Dr. Shannon. "The evidence all points
to suicide, but whether by carbolic, acid
1 am not prepared to say until the autopsy
ha-» been held. The young woman was de
spondent and suffering from melanehr.Ha.
due to her physical condition. I did not
observe any odor from the poison, hut
those who preceded me said the odor was
so strong that It was easily detected."
Despite the appraranri's th<* family are
loth to belfcve that the girl committed
suicide. Thu father is connected w«th the
auditing department of Wells, Fargo «ft
Co. /
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadwcv, Sept. 28.
The fate of Silas Bran, the "student"
brakeman who was accidentally killed at
Decoto this week by a freight train, has
appealed forcibly to the Southern Pacific
employes, who have learned of the desti
tution of the Wife and baby that were be
reft. The circumstances surrounding the
family's misfortune were particularly dis
tressing. It is to assist ip relieving the
wife and fatherless babe /that a fjeneral
subscription has been started by the dead
brakeman's fellow workmen.
Bean came to Oakland a short time ago,
having lost, all his possessions in a lire
at Dursmuir. He secured- employment as
a gtiteman on the Seventh-street local
train, but a week ago started out as a
"student" brakeniaii in the hope of earn
inR more for the support of hjs little
family. He had hardly been started be
fore doath overtook him.
Ihe gatemen on tho local trains opened
a subscription to meet the immediate
needs of the wife. As soon as other de
partments of the railroad learned cf the
movement they gave evidence of .sym
pathy. Any of the conductors or gatoinen
on the local trains will accept donations.
The funeral of the dead brakeman was
he'd this afternoon from the late resi
dence, 1771 Tenth street. Rev. M. H. Alex
ander, pastor of Chester-street* Methodist
church. offleiatiiifc. Southern Pacific
Railroad men attended in largo numbers,
contributing many -floral tributes of re
spect. Th? pallbearers were A. H. Clark
1-. P. Clark, Edward James and D. It.
Railroad Brakeman Bean's
Fate Appeals to His
Friends.
Southern Pacific Employes Start a
Subscription to Relieve the Help
lessness of a Stricken
Mother and Child.
LEFT WIFE AND
BABY DESTITUTE
pointment to that church, having gone
East to pursuo theological studies.
Death was due to heart disease superin
duced by exhaustion.
Besides his' wife, three sons— C. H., P!
I. and E. F. Bentley— and a daugh^ei
Miss Mary Bentley, survive him.
The- date of the funeral has not yet bee
pet.
THE I.ATE REV. ROBERT BENTLEY, WHO "WAS KNOWN ALL ALONG '
THE PACIFIC COAST FROM OREGON TO MEXICO FOR HIS STER
LING WORTH AND HIGH CHRISTIAN CHARACTER.
Re-v. Dr. Robert Bentley SHcemmbs^ to Heart Disease
After an Illness of. Less Than a Week.
Vitality Es Exhausted by
Labors at Methodist
Conference. /
Lcng Life of Benevolence
ana Usefulness Is
Ended.
BERKELEY. Sept. :*.-Dr. Robert
Bentley. who for the past thirty
years has been one of the leadlnp
Methodist divines of the coast,
diM at hi? home on Lc Conte
Jivenue this morning at 9 o'clock. He had
been ill less lhan a week and death came j
ns an unexpected blow to hi.-- family and
friends.
Through his Ion? and earnest work Dr.
Dentley had made friends In numbers
rcirlom' allotted to one man. His pastor
ates extended from Oregon to the south- j
« rn part of this State and his toss will be
keenly frit by all who know him.
Dr. Bentley was born in Cambridge.
Kngland. in 1S36. He was the eldest son
of the family. At the a?e of 12 years his
father died and a year later the family
< ¦:rr.o to America. He received his edu
<-:ui..ti at the Northwestern University,
graduating in is5»>. 3n i v 0J Dr. Bentley
• rrtered tii^ ministry, his first charge
< :^lt In Chicago. lie came to California
in 5^ to take charpc of the Central
X.- thodisi Episcopal Church in San Fran
risco. £ir ; <>> then Ik- h:i^ br-on pastor of
r'.otit of the leading: churches of the
cnast— in FVtrtiam'.. Orr-Ron; Sacramento.
Santa Barbara. Oakland. Alameda and
i ' rki ioy.
Prom ISSC to 1SS2 he v.a? presiding elder
f the Oakland district, and from ISI'2 to
>:7 he was pastor of Trinity M. E
Church in this city. Since then up to two
••¦•-. ks aun h»- h"d 1« rn presiding elder of
the Sacrum- nto district. Two weeks ago!
i *> was apain appointed presiding elder of j
• h« Oakland district.
Dr. Bentley founded the Fred Finchi
• rphanape at Diniond in 1S91. Since ;
ben he had been president of that instl- <
itfon doing much good work in connec- j
I tion with it.
Uast week Dr. Bentley and family r»
• turned fron Pacific Grove, where they
i had been attending the Methodist Confer
; Dr. Bentley was greatly fatigued
j by the work of the conference and the
j trip and was taken ill on his return.
EMINENT DIVINE CLAIMED BY DREAD
DESTROYER AT HIS BERKELEY HOME
NEWS OF THE BAY CITIES OAKLAND ALAMEDA COUNTY BERKELEY
SAID FAREWELL TO
REV. ROBERT COYLE
Reception to the Departing
Clergyman in His
Church.
Addrccs by Friends ?nd a Present
Made to the Minister's Wife.
Gcod Wishes Froin
All.
Oakland Ofvk-e San Francisco Call,
HIS Broadway, Sept. 28.
Members of the First Presbyterian
Church and many" personal friends of Rev.
Robert K. Coyle united in a farewell re
ception to the departing clergyman at the
parlors of the church tnis evening. The
rooms wore thronged. A string orchestra
played at Intervals during the evening.
Short addresses v.-f-ro made by Mayor
R. W. PnfAv.jRev. J..K. McLean, president
of tha Pacific Theological Seminary; Rev.
Charier, R. .Drown, pastor of the First
Congroprational Ohuroh; Noel H. Jacks,
secretary of the Youiig Men's Christian
Association, and D. Edward Collins, who
spoke \>n behalf of the congregation. In
the course of his remarks Mr. Collins said:
For nearly ten years this larffe congregation
has enjoyed pastoral relationship with Rev,
Robert P. Cojh\ and tli? severing of such re
latlonshlp naturally b?£rets the desire to give
evidence of our love and ndmlratlcn for the
man. To all tho kind word!" that have already
been snM must b> adiJ^cl the teFtimnny of his
own people. By hi* scholarship, by his elo
quence and. above all, bjr the passion-stirring
fullnes* or his llfej lie has left his lmpresp on
Presbyterianistn en the Pacific Coast.
The Pastor's Aid Society, of which Mrs.
E. York is president, took advantage of
the occ.-ision to present Mrs. Coyle with
an elaborately worked quilt. Among
those present were:
William H. Knight, Mr. and Mrs. G. Kirk,
Mr artl Mis. M. \V. Upton, Sir. and Mrs. C.
\V. Honkln«, A. C. Henry. Mr. and Mrs. W.
G. Langdon, Charlon ("arraany. Mr. and Mrs.
de Fremery," Mr. and Mrs. C. V. I'rlce. Dr. E.
A. I'pton, Mr. and Mrs. Munsen, Mr. and
Mrs. G \V. Arrays, Mr. Hil'.egass. Mr. and
Mrs. J. P. Taylor, Rev. James S. McDonald,
Dr. Jonas C Ravmond, George 1>. Gray. Wil
liam V. Curtis. K. a. Page. Miss Mabel F.
Gray, Miss Augusta Clow. Alexander Martin,
\V. P. Wheeler. Mrs. J. B. Hume, Miss Mary
E. Chestnut. Dr. L. K. Webster. Mrs. P. M,
Tomblin. Mrs. E. E. Page, W. H. Quinn, H.
K. ttelden. Mrs. Prentiss Selby, Mrs. J. GU
chrlst. Mrs. J. Cal Ewlngr. W. W. Worden,
Miss Mollie Rust. Miss Mary E. Raymond,
David C. Borland.
Rev. Dr. Coyle's pastorate will end Octo-
SURGEON LEAVES A LIFE ON THE SEA
TO WED A POPULAR OAKLAND BELLE
Or, Jacob S. Qireee, the Qroom-to-Be, and Mass Qer
•.tirade Bflaloglowsk3 9 tlhe Bride-Elect.
OAKLAND, Sept. 2S.— The engage
ment has been announced of
Miss Gertrude Blaloglowski to
Dr. Jacob S. Green, formerly
surgeon in the service of the
Pacific Mail Steamship Company.
The bride-elect is the daughter of Mr.
and Mrs. I. Bialoglowski of this city. Dr.
Green who graduated from Cooper Medi
cal College in the class of '08 .has lately
resigned his position with the Pacific Mail
and is engaged in the practice of his pro
fession in Alameda.
The wedding will take place shortly,
after which the young couple will take up
their residence in the Encinal City.
BAY CITIES'
SOCIETY NEWS
OAKLAND, Sept. 2S.— A reception wil!
be given at the parish-house of the Uni-
Mrs. Frederick S. Stratton will sing in
public for the lirst time since her return
to Oakland at the literary afternoon of
the Ebell Club to-morrow. Mrs. Prentiss
Selby will be chairman of the afternoon.
She has prepared an interesting pro
gramme for the occasion. Mrs. Peck, a
missionary recently returned from China,
will relate some personal experiences. The
University Quartet, in cap and gown, will
be heard in several vocal numbers. The
quartet includes Miss Alyee Weymoutn,
'03, first soprano; Miss Lizzie Gremke, "02.
second soprano; Miss Blanche Clarke, '01.
first alto; Miss M. E. Gates. '02, second
alto.
tarian church October 9, to celebrate the
first anniversary of the Rev. Benjamin
Fay Mills' association with the First Um
tarian Church of Oakland. The event wil!
be under the auspices of the Starn King
Fraternity, the Unity Club and the Wo
man's Alliance. It is the intention of
those In charge to make the occasion a
most enjoyable one.
The Ceremony Will Bo
Performed Shortly in
Oakland.
The Peralta Club, a woraen'i organiza
tion, has been formed. It» headquarters
will be In the building erected by Mr*.
Robert "Watt for the domestic science de
partment of the Oakland Club. It is th*
intention of the Peralta Club to establish
a library, a physical culture section and
a cooking school. The officers are: Presi
dent, Mrs. Robert Watt; vice president,
Mrs. Henry Gocdccll; secretary, Mbs
Anna Jean Cralb, and treasurer. Mrs. M.
M. Wheeler.
Mrs. E. B. Stone was the hostess at
her home in Elmhurst this afternoon at
a whist party given to the members of
the "Woman's Alliance.
A wedding of note, which Is announced
to take place October 3. is that of IflM
Vera E. Merrill and Henry C. Footr.
The bride to be is the daughter of llr.
and Mrs. I. X. Merrill and the groom iJ
the son of W. "W. Foote, one of the Cali
fornia Commissioners to the Paris Ex
position. It is to be a home wedding.
Miss Prllla Merrill will attend the bride
and William Teague will be best man.
Mr. and Mrs. John F. Conners. wha
have been traveling in Europe for somo
time, are expected to arrive In Oakland
next Monday.
Clarence Crowell, Miss Mabel Crowell.
J. Cal Ewing and Mrs. Ewlng have re
turned from San Diego. They Journeyed
both ways by steamer.
ALAMEDA, Sept. 2S.— Under the aus
pices of the Epworth League of the Chest
nut Street Methodist Church South ;i
poverty social was given last night a:
the residence of the Rev. John Hannon.
1439 Chestnut street. Those who attende,!
were attired in clothes of the most ap
proved "hard times" style. At the close
of a programme of impromptu vocal and
instrumental numbers the guests marched
in couples before the judges, who award
ed prizes to the ladies and gentlemen
dressed most appropriately. H. G. Bell
took the gentlemen's prize, with a cor
rect reproduction of the cartoon of a
"Striking Coal Miner." Miss Laura 3an
nerman took the ladies" prize for having
the most patches on a tnlleo dress. The
Misses Dagmar ami White and W. I. Fos
ter contributed the musical programme.
The receipts from the social will be given
to the local Red Cross 3ociety.
Mrs. Bert Wyber gave a party last even
ing at her home. 1611 Oak street, in honor
of her guest. Miss Grace King, of Sacra
mento. Among those present were Miss
Shirley. Mrs. Humphry, Edward Gained,
Percy Fox, Arthur Gale. Walter Mandler
and Hugh Gallagher.
Professor J. H. Flrehammer entertained
the Brotherhood of Andrew and Philip of
the First Congregational Church la.'t
Tuesday evening with a lecture, the sub
ject being "The Heavenly Bodies." There
was a large and Interested attendance.
Dr. and Mrs. Alfred Sander entertained
a number of friends at their home. 22.-!
Santa Clara avenue, the occasion being
in honor of the birthday anniversary oj
Mrs. Sander.
The Misses Annie and Harriet Molsar.t
of 2736 Central avenue sailed to-day on the
steamer Colon for Central America, where
they will visit relatives.
The Young Couple Will
Hake Their Home in
Alameda.
Clothing Store Burglarized.
OAKLAND, Sept. 2S.— Burglars entered
the clothlner'store of A. Jonas, on Broad
way, near Eleventh street, last night and
stole about $30 worth of goods and several
dollars In coin. The police have no trace
of the offenders.
Two Canals Binding Atlantic.
It Is asserted that the future will see two'
canals binding the Atlantic to the Pacific ocean.
The value of such connection cannot be too
highly estimated. It will bring added prosperity
to the nation, as surely as Hostetter"s Stomach
Bitters brings to the dyspeptic. If you
cannot get rid of your indigestion, constipation,
dyspepsia or biliousness try the Bitters, and
never accept anything In place of it if you wlah
to c<»t well.
WEEKLY
Hiss Friend May Recover.
OAKLAND. Sept. 28,— Miss Cora E
¦Friend, who underwent a severe surgical
operation at the Receiving Hospital yes
terday for injuries received the day be
fore by being struck by the local train,
has rallied completely from the shock and
the surgeons are almost certain of her
recovery. The use of cocaine, adminis
tered hypodermically to deaden the nerves
to pain, was a success In every way. ,In
tho weakened condition of the patient
chloroform or ether would probably have
caused her death.
Licensed to Marry.
OAKLAND, Sept. 28.— Marriage licenses
were issued to-day to Thomas V. T^m
mons. 39 years of age, and Hettle Simp
son, 3S, both of, San Francisco; Silas Lane
Pierce. 2S, San Francisco, and Blanche C.
O'Connor, 23, Oakland; James Tulte, 44,
and Mary Fceney. 3S, both of San Fran
cisco; William Ellsworth D<iily, 36. and
Mary Juana Cook, 23. both of San Fran-
Cisco; Martin Ohlmeyer. 20, and Carmen
de la Cruz, 27, both of San Francisco;
Charles Ewart Green. 27. and I,otta Man
ley. 20. both of San Lorenzo: William
3cott. 24. and Mary P. Perry, IS, both of
Oakland. ¦ • ¦
Missionary Workers Meet.
BKPKELEY, Sept. 2S.— The semi-annual
meeting of the Oakland Home and For
eign Presbyterian Missionary Society was
held to-day in the First Presbyterian
Church, on Allston way. There was a
large attendance. Mrs. E. Y. Garrette
presided, and addresses were delivered as
follows: "Belief in Foreign Missions,"
Mrs. F. H. Robinson: "To Every One a
Part," Mrs. A. I. Aldrich; "Christian Fel
lowship." Mrs. J. E. Anderson; "What
Meaneth This." Mrs. A. P. Lowrie; "Soul
Winning," Rev. Dwight E. Totter; "The
Possibilities of the Afro-American," Mrs.
W. H. Hamilton; "My Work in Tucson,"
Mrs. A. C. Culbert.
SALVATION ARMY'S
HARVEST FESTIVAL
Programme Covers Four Days, End-
ing Tuesday Night With an
Entertainment.
OAKl^AND, Sept. 28.— The local Salva
tion Army Corps has completed its elab
orate arrangements for the inauguration
to-morrow of its harvest festival. Com
mencing at 2 o'clock to-morrow afternoon
.and continuing until 5 o'clock there will
be a free fruit feast for the poor children
of the city. The distribution will take
place from tho Snlvation Army Hall, 525
Ninth street. Staff Captain Crawford will
be in charge.
To-morrow evening's exercises wili con
sist of "A Saved Drunkards' Demonstra
tion" at the hall. A number of men who
have been reformed through the efforts
of members of the Salvation Army will
be oivhand to testify.
Sunday will be the great religious day
of the festival. The Sabbath services will
be conducted at the Exposition building
by Lieutenant Colonel William Evans.
The harvest festival exhibition and sale
of fancy articles will be hela In the Ex
position building on Monday from 2 to 10
p. m. On Tuesday evening there will be
a grand entertainment in the Exposition
building.
Candidates Refuse to Recognize Ex
istence of an Organization — State
Central Body Stands in
Same Position.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
x 111S Broadway, Sept. 28.
It is every candidate for himself in the
Republican campaign in Alameda Coun
ty. The Breed committee will run as
much of the local tight as it can control.
The Nusbaumer faction has determined.
In view of the failure of Its effort for
peace, to handle its three districts Inde
pendently of any other county commit
tee. They propose to organize and go
ahead.
Superior i Judges Ellsworth and Ogden
have declined to recognize the existence
of any county committee. Assemblvman
Knowland of the Forty-seventh Jr^trici
and Charles If. Horner, candidate fjr Su
pervisor from the First District, have
taken a similar position. State Senator
E. K. Taylor, as a member oftne Repub
lican State Central Committee, announces
that the committee will not recognize the
existence of any county committee here
while the present factional disturbance
continues.
The banner which has represented Ala
meda County's supremacy' in the Republi
can foid has been demanded by the Breed
committee. It is now In the hands of a
painter, who refuses to part with the
emblem until a $75 claim for redecorating
it has been paid.
The Forty-seventh District committee
men will open the campaign at the Re
publican headquarters in Alameda next
Wednesday evening. ¦ J. W. McKlnley,
with Judges Ogden and Ellsworth and
Assemblyman Joseph Knowland, will be
the speakers.
McKinley Camp, Army and Navy Re
publican League, will meet Saturday
evening at 460 Ninth street.
Dr. N. K. ¦ Foster, Republican nominee
for the Assembly from the Fifty-first
District, addressed the Political Equality
Club of the Seventh Ward at 1217 Sixth
avenue last evening. The subject of his
address was "The Principles of the Re
publican party." In tlie course of a dis
cussion of expansion he said:
"The history' of the country has been
one of expansion from the original thir
teen States to our present nation. The
growth has taken place in many cases
during Democratic administration. Ex
pansion has not been a Republican, but
a national issue. We cannot give up the
Philippines at this- day, for it is our duty
to keep them. Somo say that the grrea't
distance of the Islands from this country
Split in the County Commit
tee Too Serious for
/ Healing.
TO MAKE FIGHT
BY DISTRICTS
r ' * - t
t>er 1. The Coyles will leave next week for
Denver, where Dr. Coyle will be the pas
tor of the largest Presbyterian church
there.
committee consisting 1 of Frank Moore,
Louis Hlnz and Harry Roesner has been
appointed to make arrangements for a
ball to be given in Germanla Hall. Steps
will be taken by the members of the as
sociation to attract the women clerks ot
Oakland to their organisation.
Plans for Laying Cornerstone.
OAKLAND. Se<?t. 23.— The trustees of
the Free Public Library are endeavor-
Ing to make the laying of the corner
stone of the new building a public event
of great interest. A chorus of school
children to sing at the occasion Is being
formed, and several prominent speakers
will be secured.
puts an altogether different phase on the
question of acquisition; but it does not
take as long to go across the sea as it
did in 1S50 to go to California. The! pres
ent means which we have for communica
tion and transportation bring the very
ends of the earth together."
Colonel T. V. Eddy will speak In Ala
meda on Saturday evening, under the aus
pices of the . Republican State Central
Committee.
Retail Clerks to Give Smoker.
OAKLAND. Sept. 23.-The Retail Clerks
of Oakland will Rive a smoker in For
esters' Hall on October 13. to which every
clerk employed in the city is invited. . A
THE SAN FRANCISCO .CA.LL, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 29, 1900.
SOCIETY FAVORITE WHOSE ENGAGEMENT TO A MAN OF MEDI
CINE HAS JUST BEEN ANNOUNCED. THE WEDDING OF THE
YOUNG COUPLE IS SCHEDULED TO TAKE PLACE SOON.
Photo by Belle-Oudry.
REV. ROBERT COYLE, GIVEN
A FAREWELL RECEPTION
last night;
Dsclines a Pastorate,
OAKLAND, Sent. 2S.-Kev. O. E. Hotle
former pastor of, the Shattuck-a\-enue
Methodist Church, 'has declined his reap-
Yelland Picture for Library.
OAKLAND. Sept. 28.— A subscription
has been started by Librarians Greene
and Kamford jind Trustee B. H. Pendle
ton for the purchase of one of the paint
ings by the late R. D. Yelland, to be hune
in the new library building. It is be
lieved enough money can be raised to
purchase a canvas by the artist, who al
ways took an active Interest in the wel
fare of the Oakland Free Library. The
following subscriptions have already been
received: Mrs. Emma Shafter Howard,
$20; C. S. Greene. $10; B. H. Pendleton, $5;
F. I. Bamford, $2.
Dcr.th Was Accidental
¦ iaivi.a.-\ij. ;v pt. rs._A Coroners jury
.ri th«r- casp of Mr*. Carrie Doieny found
T'> .'ny that death was accidental. Miss
Ro«e Ridley." a r.ur:!e. testified that Mrs.
I'ohrny lold hor she had taken something
by mistake from the cmrag bottle. Mrs.
y 1. I'.arber. mother of Mrs. Doheny, ar
rived to-day from Los Angles to take
chartrr of her daughter's remains, which
The Divorce Becord.
11
NEXT
SUNDAY'S
CALL
SEfTBMBBIf nO. 1900.
day's Call by Oae on the Iaside of
the Great Gambling Game.
The Subject Fully Discussed in Nsxt Sun-
WHAT ARE YOUR CHANCES
OF WINNING IN THE
CHINESE LOTTERY?
THE PASSION PLAY AT
OBERAMMERGAU AND
THE PEOPLEVWHO
. . PLAY It.
Observed by Henry I Kowalsky.
RAISING FROGS- FOR THE
SAN FRANCISCO
MARKET.
A SAN FRANCISCO GIRL'S
EXPERIENCE IN OLD
MEXICO.
THE PIRATES OF THE
PHILIPPINES.
AND OTHER FEATURES.
THE LATEST FASHIONS IN
HATS
SEE THE GRHAT COMiC AND HALF
TONE SECTION.THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 29, 1900.
12
SAX FttAJWClSCO CALL. i
PT'PTNESS OFFICE or Th- Fan Francl*c<i
Cn'l. crrr.er of Market and Ttyrd streets., open
rrtil 12 o'clock every Dlxbt in the year.
BRANCH omCSS^SS Montgomery street. I
rrrr.er C.zy ; open until 9:30 p. m. ;
:<¦« Hajrr* f.reet: open until 9:30 p. m. '
<3 McAllister ftreet; open until 8:30 p. m. :
r." LsrUin etreet; open until 9:30 p. m. ;
:9<1 Mission Ftreet; open until 10 p. m. !
2:n Market etreet. corner Sixteenth: open
cr.til S t>. m.
|M Elevrnth Ftreet: open until • p. m.
llX'C Valencia «treet ; open until 9 p. IB.
Ncrtl:we;-t comer Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky street?; open until 9 p. m.
cncncB services.
TIU?~FirVt~Blvinc Scicnc* Church— M. E.
Crr.rr.fr pastor. M«*t» every Sunday at 11 I
ji m . ";n "Home College." 3SO Seventeenth j
st between Valencia and lOasloa sts.: Pan- ,
day «o!in. 1 at 1" a. m. Sub.je.-l ot discourse.
"The rviv>Tfre. Not I»iv«Ti-e."
UEBTIKG NOTICES.
7.EALAMJIA V^fS^ i
fa!!? from Parlflc-at. wharf I cT _*
for Honolulu. via Hllo. ./"V^^sr
THCKSDAY. October IL at A^&^A I
12 m. For accommodations ap- I a j
ply :r? Parrott building. . \U //
It. P. mitLIU'T, l\jtrntate. x^. +'
Tel. Houth Hi.
CALIFORNIA Charter Na 5. R. A. M.. m
will meet THIS «FATrnr>AY) EVEN- _#%_
ING. Sept. r?. at 7:30 o'clock. It. A. 75,3?
ri-STee. Py rrder of th« H. P. 'v>
FRANKLIN H. DAY. Secretary.
ORIENTAL Encampment No. E7. I. -$»B(|52}*k
O. F -Off! en and r.x u;i *r>. jvy^siiSia '¦
:¦ . meeting THIS ''ATl'Ii- ¦
DAT) NIGHT for the purpose of '•HW t>
conferring the Golden Ku!e and Royal Purple
degrees. F. W. DEKHY, C. P.
THr California Debris Commission, having re-
ceived applications to mine by the hydraulic
prricess from the Dewey Consolidated Gravel
Mining: Company. In the Homeward Bound.
Evenir.fr Star and Morning Light mines, near |
Iowa Hill, Placer County, to deposit tailings |
in Indian Canyon; from Mary IS. Ruth et als., j
in the Uuckeye mine, near North San Juan, j
Nevada County, to deposit tailings In a !
¦worke.'-out pit; from the Ralston Divide Oold
Uinlnc Company, in the Pat Gopfrin* and
niarkFrnith Flat mines, near Virner. Placer j
County, to deport tailings in Lopk Canyon: ;
from Nathan <;arc1in»-r. in the placer
mine, r.ear Ipo. Shasta County, to deposit '
tailings in SMney Gulch, and from A. W. j
Whitney and C Y. Hepler. in the Miocene !
::i;n<\ near .Crescent Mills. Plumas County. ',
to deposit tailinps In Rush Creek, gives notice !
that a mectlns will lie held at room &9, !
Flood building. San Francisco. Cal.. on Oc- I
tober IS. ISOQ, at 1:3* p. m. j
STOCKHOLDERS' MEETING— Notice is hereby i
piven that the annual meeting of the stix-k- '
holders of THE BANK OF CALIFORNIA i
will be held at the banking house in this city 1
<">n TUESDAY. October 9. 1900. at 11 o'clock \
a. m. By order of the Board of Directors.
ALLEN M. CLAY. Secretary-
ANNUAL meeting — The regular annual meeting j
Of the stockholders of the Femdale Petroleum, j
OH End Development Company will be held '
ot tfc» office of the company. 222 Sansome St.. '
room a, second floor. San Francisco. Cal.. on
MONDAY, the 1st day of October. l?oo. for
the purpose of electing a board of directors
to serve for the ensuing year and the transae- i
tion of such other business as may come b«- •
fore the meeting. CHAS. H. CUSHING. Sec.
AGENTS WASTED.
E3 TO $00 dailv made by our Live Agents,
men cr women, sflllr.g our latest novelty,
ca-npaign waterproof neckties; goods entirely
r.'-w ar..l patented: agents delighted: siles uti-
limiteJ: v.'hat ctherc do you can do; vrite to-
day; fpcure exclusive territory; guaranteed
hest seller. Address, with stamp. M. & M.
MANFG. CO.. Dept.' C. Springfield. Mass.
WE want 10 honest, industrious men to solicit ]
• in city and county: experienof not necessary;
we t^ai h you the business; good contracts for
pobor njen willing to work. White Sowing J
Machine Co.. SQO Post St.. cor. Stockton.
AGENTS of ability and experience In life insur-
snee. Call at room 101. 9?7 Market, cor. Sixth, j
WE har.dle rawest novelties for agents. PA-
C1FIC AGENTS' SUPPLY CO.. 34C1 IKth St.
ASI'IIALTl'M ROOFIXG.
J PELTIER, asphairVooflnsrsld^walks: cellar
«->ors laid, rmaired : nofctal. nss Mission st.
ASTIIOLOUY.
MME. HICKEY. astrolopist; card reading and !
palmistry. 25c; horoscopes cast. 1S3C Mission. ¦
DIl. C. T. TAYLOR, scientific astrologer com- !
T'Vi'es hor> ,.-<-opf s by Ptolemy method. 76o Mki. j
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
It. W. KING, attorney at law. S27 Market St.. !
room €27; «"FtateB. -'.. :.i::ar. .-. attachments. \
bankruptcy, collections; all cases; fair fees;
BO ¦sftvaacc charges; meney loaned on estates, i
AIH'ICK fre<-; divorce law a. specialty; private; :
no itt- without success; collections. G. W. I
HCm'n. atiy at '.aw. SG3 Martcet. cor.Stockton. \
KHEB advice; divcrce laws, damages, estates, j
collection*. J. A. Mitchell, 314 Montgomery.
ADVICE frr-e; no charge unless successful. W. I
W. Davidson, S" Market St.. opp. Mason. |
L S CLARK. Emma Spreckels bldg.. 927 Mar- i
V<T ?• : ronroltatloil frf-*-: no fees In advance, j
mill CAJIIXKTS.
nonCCSON Vn 4-pane] folding: door opens; firm !
rid -»'.*. W. S. PUOWX. pen, agt.. 426 Kllis. |
ROABDISG FOR nill.DUE.V
WANTED— H'Tr.e for girl S years old; refer- j
trices. Address box 44^«. Call office.
Ul SM>» LHASCKS.
,\ MOO— BUTCHER shop on Valencia fit. ;j
monthly recijits about J120u; galling 4 cattle ;
per w<--k; low rent; go"d business. Call IL '
«;. WILKE. 26'i Kearny st.
,\ . -is.;— STATIONERY", notions and branch'
\,;:ker\ . 5 living rooms; cheap rent and at
Kt>od layir.;* business. Call R. G. WILKL.
:'¦': Kearny st. \ -%
A— S-SCaj; RliSTALTKAXT on Valencia St.: rent i
f— ".. or ivlth 7 furnished rooms. fTOO; rent HZ
lor all; eood jlace; d«ath of child cause of \
a bartain. See R. G. WILKE, 2C^
f Kearny rt. |
A -JO; RESTAURANT. 2 blocks north of \
<"hronl<-je bulldlaaj; first-class prices; rent i
J3'': owner withes to sell on account of other
buslr.cn pnpaRcments. Call R. G. WILKE,
SC% Kearny tu ¦ I
A-f4«~«'nbl'HOL-SE: close to City llall: rent
£3'J; daily receipts £5.
A %ZVI bak'rry; 1 block from Call building;
i*.ai!y receipts |20; only rtore trade. Seo R
G. WIKKE. "Vt K>arny »t.
A— S12C*; SALOON with 10 furnished room*,
clute to new Ha'.I of Justice: place established
many yoary and Joins a good business; owner
encaged otherwise cause of sale. Call R. G.
UiLKiC. :«i'i Kearr.y ft.
A— SALOON' with 9 furr.iehed rooms: rent 140;
; !ace coins a. good business; In neighborhood
of wart-booses and factories; commercial
lunch from 11 to 1 o'clock: a rare chance.
Call R. O. WILKE. I«4 Kearny Et.
A-tUW; SALOON: established many years:
half a block north of Maston and Market;
rent t": a flr*'.-c!as>y. paying place; partners
• •..r.'t asm? cause of eale. See R. G. WILKE,
fi.-i Kearny ci. t"*.v ;
A.— 41206: CORNER grocery and bar; choicest
Jobation in the Mission: rent $35; 4 living;
i ::.e: place established years: owner, a.
widow, wants to retire. Call R. G. WILKE,
SCKi Xf-arny «st.
A-FAV. PISUEH & CO.. have you lodging^
houses? Yes; what pri.-e? S3i;0 u;i, any loca-
tion dfFlrcd; 1? P«.-Tns, $300; 10 rooms. jl^O: 10
rooms, new. S3C0, fine; 2.j rouins, l to n?afn. $7io;
3T rooms, t2£0Q, sjinji; all siaea, all prices, all
new barpains; fall and see us. 1032 Market.
A-HAIRURESSTNG; good business; 3 employ-
J^iJtt-_ KREDO & DUTTOW; HC Geary st.
A— DELICATESSEN: est. S yr».; $33 *ia7iy~:
»nortli M*lng; JV.V). Kredo & liutton, 36 Geary.
UltA.VCH bakery. SZ3: cor.: value~in~KtoclT-~i
nriR. ; rent <::,. KRSDO &. DCTTON, S6 Geary.
A GROCKXIY and bar; fine corner; come this
flay. COVVINC & CO.. 7IS Market et.
A TINT: delicacy f.or.-; living room; pood lo-
caUon; cheap rer.t. COWING &. CO.. 713 Mar-
fcet »t. . %
H.ARGAIN; saloon: fine location and business-
no r.'.Rht work: come ciutck. LANE. £65 Mrkt.
JO-Vi— MlLLINERY«busir.ess; an elegant place;
full \a!u« in stock; living-rooms; cheap rent'
a bargain. LANE & CO.. tG5 Market st.
V.'l: have largest ttst of saloons, hotels, gro-
<fn*f. «-ipar slores, «-ic. In the city. Call
6CHWEIXHAED & CO., S17 Market Bt.. be-
tween Fifth and Sixth; telephone Mint U1L
A NO. 1 transfer corner saloon for sale on
account of imniedSatc departure for Europe:
price reasonable: established 12 years. Ad-
rirr'ss Imx 4i"7. Call office.
l:.\Ki:nY, 1101 Howard st.: store and 2 room/:
lake oven, with large basement; rent cheap.
FOB f-ctlc— Laundry route: paying $100 \<*t
monta. pricv $4no. Box 4500. Call office.
BALO«»X for sale; opposite the ferry. Apply
111 liart et.. north «jf Market; no agents.
J"')R SALt:--C;roc-ery and bar doing a Kood
. badness. Call cr address 31 Cedir avenue;
no afntf.
nnSTAURAXT doing rood business. Call and
in?'.*-ct. Center st.. Berkeley.
WANTED— Partntr tor restaurant: too much
business for one; $300. Apply 6&0 Fourth «v
nCSIAESS CHANCES — CONTINUED. |
$350— SAL/:«6N7~b*sTT.)C.itlon"in South S. F. ; j
KockI paying business; 4 nice living rooms; ]
moderate rer.t. M. Lfcl.SS & CO.. To.". Market, j
A— tZW: CORNER grocery and bar: south of !
Market: oM-establis-hod: 4 living rooms: cheap I
rent: old age cause sale. M. LESS. 7Ci Market, j
flOOy— CORNER Faloon and lunch house; down-
town; magnificently fitted up; large, first-class
stock: paying. M. LESS & CO.. 7C3 Market, j
AN old established shoe store site to be had j
In the very best business block in Oakland; ¦
Situation unexcelled; fixtures and shelving to !
remain for new tenant If wi-plied for Immedl- !
atoly. Box 44<6. Call office. j
GROCERY and bar: good location: established j
15 ycart: stock in 5-iglit for full purchase price.
gAppiyjW. L. HARPER. 313 Hearst bldg. \
RESTAURANT with living rooms; good loca- j
ticn; selling cheap on account of sickness. '
Box 4440. Call. i
TO let— I'.nrber fhep. 2 chains; rent cheap. 346 i
Seventh «t- ;
RANCH with milk route. 22 cows, 6 horses, |
wagons, etc. Box IS. 106 Eleventh st. I
ROCTE of 7;,0 subscribers on a leading dally |
for sale. Inquire box 43?S, Call. !
PLUMBING shop, stock, shop tools. hor«e and ¦
wajjon for rale. Address box 4401. Call. ;
FOR SALE— Klondykc Oystf-r House; money
maker; cause sickness. 126 Third St., at 12 m.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL & CO.. 412 Sacramento Bt.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office: 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 10S8 Va-
lencla ft.
LODGING-DULSES FOR SALE.
MARION GRIFfTnT 719"MarkeT7t!7 room 1.
8 rooms; N. Mkt.; rent $30; clean: resp.. ;250
10 rooms; rent $45; extra good; refined... 600
15 rooms; A No. 1; clears $80; piano 1200
19 rooms; central corner; fine; bonton — 1100
20 rooms; always full; rent $60; a snap.. C00
40 rooms; 3 bks N Mkt: low rent: H cash. 270»
60 rooms. 1200. 3)00. 2500 (all paying) 7000
EMERY & SMITH, 3 Eddy St.. cor. Market.
Lodging-houses to «uit everybody; inspect
our full and complete lifts.
20 rooms: Ellis st $850
14 rooms; McAllister st hOO j
Cash or easy payments. j
A— 22-ROOM rooming-house; cf-ntral $1000 j
11-room house; $300 down; balance easy. 500 j
20-roum house; first-class 1050 j
11-room house; $475: fc-room flat 325 |
FISHER & CO., 1032 Market st.
A SPECIAL INDUCEMENT. CALL ON
KREDO & DUTTON. 36 Geary Bt.
$710 cash for 10 rooms: new; installments.
J3M for 14 rooms; Geary: J55 profit.
$4:>0 only for 14 rooms: Post; worth $500.
LODGING-HOUSE buyers, attention— Houses
at reduced prices; genuine bargains; sizes and |
location to suit; money loaned. SCHWEIN-
HARD 4- CO.. SI" Market St.. between Flftn
and Sixth: phone Jail.
A— 30-ROOM hotel; modern; large lot; 2 stores;
nlway? full; or suitable for sanitarium; In |
A'ameda: very easy terms. Apply A. M. )
FPECK & CO.. 6C7 Market St. .
FURNISHED house. 10 rooms: all occupied;
gocd location; rent cheap. 12S I 4 Ninth St.; no
agents.
SIXTH. 242 — Nice sunny furnished house of 9 I
rooms for sale; reasonable. '
FOR sale— Lodging-house; 21 rooms; all light.
109 Jessie st.. corner Second.
CARRIAGFS AND WAGONS. '
ALL kind? of wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
etc.. cheap. EG AN & SON. 2117 Mission st.
AN A No. 1 express wajron. single, also light ;
camping wagon, for sale cheap. 5.T2 Mission, j
NEW & M-hand wagons, buggies, carts & har- :
ness, work & driving horses. 15th & Valencia, j
SPONGES and chamois our specialty. AMER- j
ICAN SPONGE CO.. 158 New Montgomery st. •
CAMPAIGN PHOTO itVTTONS.
„ . •. . I
HF'T of all kinds of photo buttons and Jewelry; j
wholesale and retail; send for catalogue.
Miniature Portrait Co.. 933 Market st.. S. F.
SPIRITUALISM.
ARRIVED— Mrs. Dr. Farnham. world-renowned
rpirltual medium; advice In all affairs of llfs,
lawsuits, divorces, deaths; unites the sepa-
rated; mining a specialty; cirs. Sun., Wed..FrL •
*v's: come and be convinced. (Permanently) |
613 Fddy Ft., bet. Hyde and Lark^n: no sijtn. j
PROF. GEE, medium; test circle every night, ;
10c; read. $1; ladies 50c. 148 Cth, Brunswick. I
MME. MAJORS, gifted spiritual medium. !
healer and card reader. 132 Sixth st., room 1. I
I
MRS. LESTER— Circles Sun.. Tues., Fri. eve., I
l^c: readings daily. 200 Turk st. j
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 335 McAllister— Mrs. C. .T. j
MME MAJORS, gifted ' spiritual medium. |
healer and card reader. 132 Sixth st.. room 1. i
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, clairvoyant. Ust. busl-
¦nt-s" mo-i'iim. life render: sfttlr.c? W. 1104 Mkt.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MME. LANUE, the great clairvoyant, tells past. !
future: never falls; has the greatest Egyptian '
r*cret; Fhows picture future husband or wl'e; j
fee 25c and up; satisfaction to everybody; open ]
Sundays. 1167 Market fit., bet. 7th and 8th. j
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant a- card ]
reader, born with double veil & second sicht, •
diagnoses disease with life reading; ladles 50c; i
gents |1; palm. & cla'.r. Fit. $1 50. 126 Turk st. i
ISMAR. the Egyptian gypsy clairvoyant and '
palmist, permanently located 114S Market, opp. ;
eth; private readings daily 10 a. m. to 5 p. m. !
i MMe7 BERNARD reads life fluently; advice ;
i given in all affairs in life: satisfaction guar- ;
i anteed; 25c ui.. 17 Third Ft., next Examiner, j
' CLAIRVOYANT, trance, business medium : car.l j
; reader. 2".c up. £23 Mission St.. "ir. 4th; no slgr. J
! MME. ZEREDA. the gypsy. Is the great palm- :
I ist and card reader: 25c. 7 Seventh: no eigu.
| MRS. E. M. DUVALL. clairvoyant and healer. ;
j diagnoses diseases. 42"> Golden Gate ave.
! MME. SCHAFFER. clairvoyant, card reader;
i fittings dally. 212U Sixth st.
! MME. HANSON, palmistry, card reader: past.
• present, future. 2Gc. US J=Ixth St., room 14.
• MME. RUTH, great prophet!; card reader;
| 50c. 'OS Ellis Ft., near Larkln.
|jjns. M1XVILLK, well-known clairvoyant, w.i-
j ter reader, moved to 11 Fixth; Germnn spoken
! MME. VALEEN. clairvoyant. palmist; capl read-
I er; real Egyptian charms. 215 Leavenworth.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
pHltniFtry; truth or no pay; 2T,c. 1149 Mission.
MMC. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
I advice; names given: 2'.c up. *• Fourth st.
j CAItl'ET HEATIXG AND CLEAXIXfi.
; WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
I send to SPAULDINGS Pioneer Carpet-Bcat-
j ing Work*. 353-337 Tehama at. ; tel. South 40.
i J. MnQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co..
453 Stevenson St.; tel. South 22S; lowest rates.
j J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-Beating and Reno-
vating Co.. 240 Fourteenth st. : tel. Mission 74.
I CITY Steam Carpet-Beating Works. O. H.
STEVENS, mer.. 3S-40 8th Bt. : tel. South 200.
! CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard, laid at 4c.
PTRATTON'S. 3 Eighth Et. : tcl. Jessie 344.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter ?t. ;
fl. Main 234. CEO. WALCOM, proprietor.
1 CONKLIS'S Carpet-Realing Works, 333 Golden
I Gate ave.: tnWibonp Enst 126.
CHIROPODISTS.
j BUNIONS. Ingrown nails, corn?, absolute cure,
pain!:*": cr.Ti;!t'n free. Dr.Duncan.4in Sutter.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No cnarge un-
le** Mjrcefsfnl. Rocm 310, 927 Market et.
COTTAGES. TO LET.
$3 — i ROOMS: marine view and yard. 1013
Lombard ct.. near Jlydp. ' ;"' -¦
COTTAGE FOR SALl^
COTTAGE of four rooms and bath In Mission
district, price $1650; no apents. Apply RAB-
LIN. Fourth and Kentucky «ts.
DENTISTS.
AT tde EL.ECTHU-ijH.STAL 'CLINIC. SmT Mar^
fcet et., cor. 4th, rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without rlatt-a our boeclalty: gold crowns,
S3 50 up: plates, extractions free, $4 50 up; of-
fice hours, ft a. m. to 10 p. rn. ; Sundays. 9 to 2
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON. M. D., Manager.
A— DR. V. CAVALSKY has returned from
the Paris Exposition with some of the finest
patents for painless dentistry, plate*, teeth
without a plate, crown and bridge work: all
work warranted; plates, full act. *0; fillings,
&0c; crown, y, SO. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 6th.
CROWN and bridge work experts: our work is
unexcelled, our prices are the lowest: call unj
free. "Main office" New York Dental Parlors,
1019 Market st.. bet. f.th and 7th: elevator.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings; extractions or fillings by my won-
derful eecret. painless method; 20 years* ex-
perience; no students: advice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendant*.
DR. GEORGE VV. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell st.
TEETH extracted free; plates. $3; crowns. *J 50;
bri4K« work. f5; all the latest methods for
painless dentistry; hours, 9 a. m. to. 9 p. m.
Modern Dental Parlors/ 1206 Market, cor. G. G.
DENTISTS.
DRTTu3Lmi*IIILLTl4il3lSarket. nr. Eleventh
—No charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $S per set; extracting, 50c; gas given.
DR. R. L. WALSH. 815% Geary, nr. Larkin—
Painless extraction 50c; plates $5 up; phone
Polk 1135. -,;?Si ;
LOWEST prices Jn S. F. ; painless extraction,
50c. New York Dentists. 969 Mission, cor. 6th.
PARIS Dental Parlor, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush-
Full set of teeth, $4; crowns, $3; fillings, 25c.
VAN VBOOM- "Painless" ; evenings and Sun-
days. 1001 Market St.. corner Sixth.
SET of teeth without plate. DR. W. oT
YOUNG. Itm Pnik st.
" DOG HOSPITALS.
DkTj?UZARD' S Dog Hospital. Post. Fillmore—
Advice and medicine. 75e; city visits. $1 50. all
animals treated; dog? boarded. Tel. West 636.
DR. Creelv's C. P. manse <uire find worm pills
by druggists or at hospital. 'ilO Golden Gate av.
DltESSMAKEllS AND SEAMSTRESSES
McDowell Dressmaldng and Millinery School:
private class; patterns cut. 1013 Market st.
S. F. Dressmaking. Ladies' Tailoring and MH-
llnery School; French system. 411 Van Ness^
ACCORDION pleating factory: all kinds pleat-
ing. pinking. 121 Post, over O'Connor&Moffalt.
EDUCATIONAL.
AYRES' Business College, 723 Market St.: day
and evening; individual instruction, $3 per
month; life scholarship, $50; bookkeeping,
Fhorthand. telegraphy, etc.; Just added 25 new j
typewriters; commercial department enlarged
and Is the best in S. F. ; catalogue free.
HEALD'S Business College. 24 Post et., S. F.—
Practical courfes in bookkeeping, shorthand,
typing. languages, telegraphy, English
branches, civil, electrical and mining engi-
neering, etc.; new 80-page catalogue free.
GALLAGHER-MARSH College, Parrott Bldg.—
Fhorthand. typing and bookkeeping; Robert F.
Gallagher, expert court reporter, teacher of
i-horthand; reportorlal phrasing taught; prac-
tical bookkeeping: full course, $50; catalogue.
NIGHT School for Men at the T. M. C. A.
building. Mason and Ellis sts.; registration.
Fept. 10-24; studies elementary and advanced:
great opportunity for young men to gain a
practical business education.
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and medical
colleges: references. President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
SPANISH professors, recently arrived from
South America, give lessons and receive all
work concerning translation, correspondence,
etc., at moderate terms. 30S Minna st.
CALIFORNIA Medical College— Regular term
opens Monday, Oct. 1." For Information ad-
dress the dean. Dr. D. Maclean, Donohoe rdg.
MIPS M. G. BARRETT. Shorthand Academy;
lessons by mail; acknowledged by official re-
porters best teacher, best system. 302 Montgy.
ALL students but two taking full course this
year got positions. SAN FRANCISCO BUSI-
NESS COLLEGE. 1236 Market st. 3
EOOKKEEPING. free trial; private lessons; 8
mos. In college not equal to 8 wks. with me;
525. TARR. expert accnt.. 429 Parrott bldg.
ENGINEERING, civil, elec. mining, mech. sur-
vey, assay, cyanide, arch.; day. eve.: est. 1SS4.
VAN DER NAILLEX SCHOOL. 9S3 Market.
FRENCH, Spanish. Ptc.Prof.DeFilippe'sAcademy
of Languages,320Post;estab'd lS71;ablest profs.
AYRES' Business College night school opens
October 1. 723 Market st.
CALIFORNIA Business College is again en-
larging quarters. Come see up. 305 Larkln st.
MUNSON School Shorthand. Typing, Bookkeep-
ing, Spanish. 137 Mont'y. E. M. Carpenter, pr.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc., day or eve. : $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
LK JEUNE Art and Craft School: modeling,
designing, carving, all branches. 424 Pine st.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
A — JAPANESE and Chinese employment con-
tractor; estab. over 10 years; all kinds help.
421 Post St., near Powell: telephone Bush 135.
JAPANESE Housecleanlng Co.— Walters, cooks.
dishwashers. Est. ISM. 1026 Oak: tel. Page547.
UNION Japanese-Chinese emp. office — Best help
furn.; domestic eerv. 417 Powell; tel. Bush 376.
ORPHEl'M Employment Office— Japanese. Chi-
nese help. 426 Powell. nr.Sutter: tel. Black 5072.
JAPANESE and Chinese Employment Office;
be*t h»lp furn.: tel. John 2121. 806^4 Stockton.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office —
p^t h«-ln. 411U O'Fnrrr-11 st. : tel. East 42fi.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — FEMALE.
FIRST-CLASS German cook and helper want
places together In hotel, restaurant or board-
ing-house: first-class references. 242 Natoma
Bt., basement.
GERMAN girl, 14 years old, wishes to assist
in light housework and care of children. Ad-
drees box 4430. Call office.
WANTED— By a reliable lady, to do housework
or take care of Invalid lady; no postals or
children. Call at 2107 Powell St., store.
GERMAN woman wishes to work by the day.
washing and Ironing; is a good laundress. 663
Minna st.
FIRST-CLASS cook with good reference would
like a position in a school, college or Institu-
tion: city or country. 39 Fifth St.. opp. Mint.
LADY wishes sewing and mending to do at
home. 116 Sixth St., room 1.
WOMAN wants pialn sewing to do at home.
62."» Pine st., room CO.
THOROUGHLY competent woman wishes a po-
sition as housekceper or companion to Invalid
lady. Address Portland Flouse, room El.
WANTED — By competent woman, work by the
day; good laundrms; $1 10 a day. Addres3
I box 4432, Call office.
i WANTED— A thoroughly competent and re-
spectable young woman wants a position as
; housekeeper. Box 202S, Call office. Oakland.
¦ SEAMSTRESS would, like to sew In a private
family; a good dressmaker. 821 Turk Bt.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket, 200 rooms; 2oc to $1 50 night, $1 50 to $6
neck ; convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggapo to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore St.
i . _
i A PRANCII ofnee for Call advertisements and
I Fubprriptlons has been established at 1095 Va-
K3IPLOV3UENT WANTED MAI-K.
SALARIED losition wanted by steady, edu-
cated, married American; has a general busi-
i ni'SH and mining experience; references. F.
M. ADAMS, Alden station, Oakland.
BEUABLE younB man. handy with tools,
wishes position as engineer or fireman; city
or country. Address box 4499, Call office.
YOUNG man desires position where he can
practice drawing: can speak French; best
references. Box 4498. Call office.
GfiOD blacksmith's helper and shoer desires
I position; city preferred. Address box 4422,
j Call office.
j MAN and wife want positions In private fam-
ily or on a ranch. Address box 4124, Call.
j CARPENTER, steady, all round man, wants
¦work of any kind; has tools. Box 4421. Call.
WANTED— Situation by a middle-aged mar-
ried man of small family, steady and strictly
eober, to work for some firm in wholesale or
wagoning, and make himself generally use-
ful: or position of trust; will put up secu-
rity. Box 4JU5. Call office.
I WILL give $5 to party securing me a posi-
tion at some kind of night work, not over 8
hours, that will bring board and room and
I $3." per month: night clerk preferred: first-
| class references. Address box 442S. Call.
BARTENDER: a young man of neat appear-
ance and much experience; references, most
any llauor firm In the city. Address D. E.
B.. 126 Tenth st. - '--i
THE employment department of the Y. M. C.
A. furnishes only reliable young rr i. Corner
Mason and Ellis 8<t8. : phone Bus.. 17.
A YOUNG man wants work: will do anything:
mechanical or electrical work preferred. Box
4424, Call.
BARTENDER wants steady position; city or
| country. Address B. B., box 4431. Call office.
i STEADY man; 15 years' experience in orchard
and vineyard wk. ; understands handling green
and dried fruit, budding, grafting, pruning,
etc.; used to handling men: would like man-
agement of large ranch; ref. Box 4952. Can
FIRST-CLASS blacksmith desires situation,
city or country. Address box 44S6, Call office.
i RELIABLE and competent young man desires
! position of any kind: Is a good penman and
accountant. Box 4441, Call.
BARBERS— Young man. good barber, desire*
I easy position; no rush y/ork; low wages. Ad-
| drew A. JAMES. 1*23 Stevenson st.
i JAPANESE wants position In saloon as porter;
! know how to mix and cook. Address 323
j' Sacramento St.; phone Davis 198.
JAPANESE wnnts situation In restaurant or
hotel as a cook. Address 923 Sacramento at. ;
telephone Davis 19s.
JAPANESE, honest boy, wants position as
crhoolboy. GEORGE, 807 Polk st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia Bt.
EXPERT OPTICIANS.
EYES examined free; spectacles properly ad-
justed. N. Manasse, oculist optician. 910 Mkt.
KIKAXCIAl..
IF you have stocks or bonds of any kind for
sale, call or address PACIFIC COAST UN-
DERWRITING CO., 504 Parrott building.
FLATS TO LET.
BRAND new sunny flats of 4 and 5 rooms and
baths, rent reasonable, on Minnesota St., bet.
21st and 22d. OWNER. P17 Minnesota.
FINE eunny .flat, 8 rooms; rent cheap. 1104
Harrison st.'
FLAT of 4 rooms, bay-window and bath, $12.
716 Natoma St.. bet. Eighth and Ninth.
IF you want to move get printed list flats to let
from BALDWIN & HOWELL, 10 Montgomery.
PLEASANT sunny flat. 5 large rooms. 133 Lily
ave.. near Octavla st.
413 STEVENSON, near Fifth— Upper flat 5
rooms; rent f 13; water free.
SUNNY upper flat 4 rooms, good condition,
$S _ 711 Harrison St., near Third.
SUNNY flats; 4 and S rooms, bath; off Howard
St., bet. 12th and 13th. Key at 1626 Howard.
UNION, 1108. nr. Hyde— 7 rooms, 2 baths,
kitchen, 6 closets, yard. $22 50; flat, 4 rms.. $S.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
I'LATw TO LKT l.'G'K.MSHf.U.
GOLDEN GATE ave~., 1000, corner Lagiina—
Comfortable and very complete furnished flat
of 6 rooms and bath: plenty closets: nice
conservator}", a model home: side bay win-
dows; Jefferson Park, fronting on Golden
Gate ave.; excellent neighborhood; 6 m-jnths
or longer to good tenant; price $50 per month.
FURMTUKE KOU SALE.
FOR sale at 33 l-3c on the dollar, carpet and
matting for 5 rooms. Box 4495. Call office.
4 ROOMS furnished in oak for $4S 50. with No. 7
range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
FUUNITUltE WANTED.
CHAS. LEVY buys your furniture, carpets,
pianos, etc. 1135 Market St.; tel. Jessie 761.
ALWAYS 'phone John 1041 before selling your
furniture. Standard Furn. Co.. 745 Mission.
Auctioneer— L. Vincent. 1305 Larkln; tel.Polk6?4;
furniture & furn'd houses bought; spot cash.
ALFRED WOLLPERT, 773 Mission St.. pays
highest price for your second-hand furniture.
W. E. CQDY (late with J. T. Terry & Co.), buys
furniture, carpets. 757 Mission; tel. Red 33o3.
HELP WAX'I'EU-KKMALK.
cTbL^AnVen J &~c7xT??!7pHONE "GRANT ' 1S5
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
2 waitresses. Pacific Grove, $20, free fare,
steady work; 2 waitresses, Oroville, $20; i
free fare; 10 waitresses, different commercial
hotels, $20 and $25; 2 chambermaids to wait. I
$20; 2 women cooks, $30 and $35; woman cook, j
springs, $30, and many others. ¦
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Cook $25, second girl, same place, $20, country,
fare paid, see party here 9 a. m. ; cook and
second and young girl to nssl6t, all for eame
family, short distance In country; French sec- j
ond girl, $25; German nurseglrl; German
second girl, $25; houseglrl for 2 In family, to
go north, $30, see party here, and too many
places for housegirls, second girls and nurse-
girls to enumerate. C. R. HANSEN & CO.,
104 Geary st.
A— MAN and wife for private place, country,
man for gardening and care of horses, wife
as cook. $S0; second girl, same place, $20. see
party here 9 a. m. ; fare paid. C. R. HAN-
SEN & CO., 104 Geary st^
WANTED— 4 men and wires, $45 and $50; nurse,
for baby, $25; mother and daughter, $40;
nursery governess, $23; 10 cooks for families, |
also boardlnt house. $25. $33; second fjirl for I
general housework, 2 in family, $25; cook, I
no wash, short distance, $30. fare paid; 11 j
waitresses. ?20 and $25, city and country; 5
laundresses for Institution, $25 • and $30; a |
large number of girls for city and country.
J. F. CKOSETT & CO.. 316 Sutter st.
REQUIRED— Services of refined woman over
26; state references and former occupation. If
any. Permanent, box 4425, Call office.
FIRST-CLASS sklrtmakers and apprentices
wanted. BOWHAY, 616 Sutter st.
EXPERIENCED dress skirt operators for
_Jiouse work. M. KRAKER. 226 Bush st.
WANTED — A neat -girl to take care of child;
wages $7 to $10. 1S0S O'Farrell st.
WANTED — A woman for general housework;
plain cooking; wages $15. 1408 Devisadero st.
GIRL wanted for cooking and general house-
work; wages $20. Apply at 1025 Devisadero 6t
GIRL wanted for general housework; wages J
$20. 2207 Webster st. I
GIRL for general housework; email family
at home. 218 Shot well 8t., bet. 16th and 17th. |
GIRL wanted to do housework and assist cook-
lne; wages $20. 1129 Pierce Bt.
WANTED— Women and girls to work on toma-
toes, canning and preparing; highest wages
paid; steady work; prizes for quick work.
Apply immediately to U. S. FRUIT PACK-
ING CO., Harrison ave., between Seventh and
Eighth sts.. oft Folsom.
APPRENTICES on overalls. STANDARD
SHIRT FACTORY, cor. Gough and Grove sts.
GIRLS to rivet overalls, also sewing machine
operators, at Levl Strauss & Co.'b factory,
32Vi Fremont St.; no experience necessary:
good wapes. Apply to MR. DAVIS.
YOUNG clrl of about 16 years to assist with
light housework; German preferred. 1212
Masonic ave., near Haicht. <
W1POW lady wishes young girl to assist In
hoiyework; German or Irish preferred. 3021
Cleme:it st.. Richmond District.
NEAT girl to wait at table In small restaurant
at lunch time. 340 Sutter st
TAILORESS. fine pants finisher, at 5% Kearny
st.. room 18. |
WANTED— A bright, self-reliant woman with
fair education; this position Is to travel. Box
4442. Call.
GIRLS wanted at United States Laundry, Six-
teenth st., near Valencia.
IRON'ERS wanted at United States Laundry.
Sixteenth st.. near Valencia.
WANTED— Young girl for general housework.
1313 Broadway.
GIRL not- over 23; light work; country girl pre-
ferred. 203 Post Et., room 20.
EXPERIENCED women to operate body lroner.
251 Jessie Bt., near Fourth.
EXPERIENCED operators on silk waists. $10
week. LIVINGSTON MFG. CO.. 226 Bush st.
GIRL for housework; small family. 1011 Capp
street.
WANTED— Girls to work In French laundry.
1300 I"aclflc St.. near Hyde.
GIRL or woman for general housework: good
waees. 408 Eleventh St. . . ,
WANTED— Young girl to assist in light house-
work: sleep home; wages $8. 205 Turk et.
EXPERIENCED operators on electric power
sewlnK machines on shirts at GREENE-
BAUM. WEIL & MICHELS. 5» Mission st.
GIRLS with experience. Book bindery. D36
Clay st.
¦WANTED — Women and girls to work on fruit.
1731 Fol«om St.. between 13th and 14th.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
pubpcriptlons has been established at lOOii Va-
lr:vla st. '
HELP WASTED MALE.
a— wANTED~?rrrrrrr!?T7r]7rrrr. rTTTrrrrrrrrrrrTm
Tanner for country, see boss here
Milker, few cows and make butter.. $30 and fd
4 miners $2 25 a day
2 teamsters and 2 laborers, country. 10 hours
a day $26 and fd
Mirker. Oakland $H0
Camp dishwasher ' $25
Camp waiter $23
Nurse for hospital ..." $25
2 house carpenters $3 SO
Farmers $26
laborers for mill and railroad In woods. $C0
and fare paid. _. D. EWER & CO., 610 Clay.
MAN and wife; small ranch; $40. Apply MRS.
NORTON. 313 gutter St.
BARBERS' Progressive Union— Free employ-
ment. II. Bernard, Sec. 1017th; tel. Jessie 152.
TAILORS' coatmakers wanted for the country.
Apply to STEIN, SIMON & CO., Market
and Second sts.
WANTED— P,« tall salesman familiar with the
grocery business. Box.379S, Call office.
COATMAKERS and bushelmen wanted at room
3, Flood bulIdinK. V. H. GALLAGHER & CO.
STRONG boy of good address, about 1G, to
learn trade. CARSON GLOVE CO.. 33 Market.
GOOD. reliable marker and distributor.
* SHASTA LAUNDRY CO., 337 Tehama »t.
GOOD boy-wanted to" learn drug business. Box
4423. Call office.
WANTED — Boy In ¦ butcher shop: must live
near shop. Geary and Laguna sts. '
GOOD waiter wanted. 567 Sixth st.
HELP WASTED MALE.
A— MURRAY & READY~PHONE MAIN 5S4S
Leading Employmsnt and Labor Agents,
WANT 7 A. IL TO-DAY
FREE.. .WE... SHIP .. EVERYBODY.. FEES
To All Parts of California. Utah, Nevada.
NUMBER. WANTED AT WAGES..
154— Nevada, Truckee, Lake View... $41 and fd
10— Los Angeles, Santa Barbara $2 day
24— Redding. Shasta, Fresno $190 day
US— Surf, Soda Springs, Salt Lake $2 day
64 — Dixon, Elmira and BakersJleld...$l 70 day
163— For nineteen different divisions $2 day
FREE FARE OFFICE FEE ONLY fl.
" v ** A \££%& Y '.u
A— MECHANICAL HELP.
Carpenters for ranches, vineyards, etc.; 6
carpenters, railroad work, free fare..
Steel bridge men $3 50 day. free fare
Camp blacksmiths, also helpers $63 and $52
Painters Iron molders
FRUIT AND GRAPE PICKERS
150 men or boys to pick fruit, work in pack-
ing-houses, etc.. anybody will stilt. .$30 and fd
IS laborers to work at mines $12 and fd
12 miners, single-hand work $60
!>5 farm, orchard, vineyard hands.. $2fi and fd
IS milkers, buttsr-makers $30 and fd
li' teamsters, road work $32 anil fil
ll» Stablemen; city and country $35 and fd
IS choremen and boys, come see t'-T< and fd
123 scrai>er teamsters, all parts $3:> and fd
13 drillers, brick setters, etc $2 50 a day
1S3 laborers and teamsters for all parts of
California, seme in city $1 75 to $2 £0 day
4 -boatmen Beef luscger Tanner
Milk and bakery wagon drivers
$2o and $20 and found
Hundreds of jobs not advertised: come see.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.__
A— SECOND cook. mine... $40 and fd, fare paid
Storekeeper, $8 week and board
10 butchers for Institutions, shops, slaughter-
houses and ranches $30 and $33 and fd, $52
IS cooks, city and country... $30 to J.'O and id
Waiters, city and country... $25 to $35 and fd
Washers, lroners and starchers
Porters, help for institutions; second bakers,
etc.; dishwashers, ranch cooks
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay St..
A— SPECIAL
6 laborers, city factories $1 75 day
6 scraper teamsters, same ranch.. $32 00 and fd
Vegetable gardener, $25 and fd; man for
bath house. $S week Ranch cook
Stenographer and typewriter, ranch. $30 and
found. MURRAY & READY, 634-C36 Clay st.
A— SUPERINTENDENT for large ranch, or-
chard and vineyard, south. Apply to MUR-
RAY & READY, 634-C36 Clay st.
A— C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 GEARY ST.
Free Fare Railroad Work Free Fare
1C0 teamsters and laborers. State of Nevada,
$2 a day
60 laborers for S. P. Co.'s own camps at
Surf, Santa Barbara County, regular wages.
100 laborers for S. P. Co. on different di-
visions, regular wages
50 laborers on rock crusher and ballasting
gung for S. P. Co. at Truckee, regular wages.
Fee Jl Ship Daily .....Free Fare
4 steel bridge men, railroad work, $3 30 a
day, free fare; 3 carpenters, railroad work.
$3 it day, free fare both ways; 4 experienced
bridge riveters, railroad work, free fare; man
and wife for quarry, wife to cook for men;
driver for milk wagon, $.50; drill sharpener;
vegetable garden man, $35; gardsner and
florist, $10
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Chef, $22 50 a week : chef, $27 a week ; second
cook, $1S a week; night cook, $16 a week; third
cock, hotel. $60
Head waiter, hotel, south, $75; head waiter
for grillroom and cafe. $75; colored head
waiter, $30; colored waiter, country club. $3.};
10 waiters, hotels. $33 and $23. C. R. HAN-
SEN & CO., 104 Geary st.__
A— SCANDINAVIAN or German man about
place with good references to take care of
span of horses, milk cow and look after
chickens: private place; $30 and found. C.
R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
A— MAN and wife for private place, country,
man for gardening and care of horses, wile
as cook, $80; also second girl, same place. $20;
Bee party here D a. m. to-day: free fare. C.
R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
A— EXPERI ENCED man to bottle mineral
water at springs. $!0 and found. C. R. HAN-
SEN & CO.; 104. Geary
HOTEL cook, country, $•«; hoarding house
cook, $40; restaurant cooks, $50 and $12 week:
bakor's helper, $10 week and board; second
cook, country hotel. $35; pantryman, country
hotel; 3 waiters, country hotels, $30; waiters,
city; dishwashers and others. J. F. CROS-
ETT & CO., 628 Sacramento st.
FOUR laborers for smelter. $2 50 day; laborers
for mills and woods, $26 and $30 and faro
advanced; 15 railroad laborers, free fare; 6
carpenters, $3 day, free fare: machine man
for mill; bench hands; wood choppers for
3000 cord contract, $1 35 to $1 40 cord: farm-
ers, milkers, men and wives for. ranches and
private families, and others. J. F. CROSETT
& CO., 628 Sacramento st.
BOY with slight knowledge of watchmaking;
state aee. references and wages. Box 4437,
Call office.
RELIABLE young man for grocery store and
| take care of horses. B. K. TRUELSEN.
I Golden Gate.
WANTED-Good tailors in country. Apply to
I GUS KRAMER, 107*4 Fifth St., upstairs.
WANTED— 6 tailors for Rakcrsfkld. Apply
GUS KRAMER. 107U Fifth St.. upstairs.
PANTSMAKER and coatmaker for country.
REISS BROS. CO., 24 Sutter st.
BARBER for Saturday. 26 Sixth St.
GOOD barber Saturday and Sunday; wages $3.
2083 Twenty-fourth st.
COOD barber Wednesday, Saturday and Sun-
day. 14C6^4 Dupont st.
GOOD barber for Saturday; wages. 1211 Mar-
ket st. •
PLUMBER'S helper. Apply 4 Golden Gate
avenue.
WANTED— A porter at Oak Barber Shop, 111
Ellis st.; only experienced need apply.
WANTED— Man handy in kitchen. CIS Clay St.
GOOD .dishwasher wanted. 134 Third st.
WANTED— Man to run dumbwaiter. $20 a
month and found. Address box 1733. Call.
WANTED — A second cook; wages $.'0 per
month. 7 Taylor st.
STRONG boy to help In factory. BAUER
BROS., 27 Sansome.
j WANTED — Young man about IS with some ex-
perience In grocery line. Cor. Clay and Larkln.
WANTED— Recruits for the United States Ma-
rine Corps, U. S. Navy: able-bodied, unmar-
ried men of good character, between the ages
of 21 and 35 years; not less than 6 feet 4
inches and not over 6 fe«>t 1 Inch In height;
must be citizens of the United States or per-
sons who have lctcally declared their Inten-
tions to become citizens; able to read, write
and speak English properly. For further In-
formation apply at the Marine Recruiting Of-
fice, 40 Ellis st.. San Francisco, Cal.,530 K St.,
Sacramento. Cal., or 10."3 J st., Fresno. Cal.
WANTED — For U. S. army, able-bodied, un-
married men between ages of 21 and 35. cltl-
zens of United States, ot good character and
temperate habits, who can speak, read and
write English: recruits are specially desired
for service In Philippines. For Information
apply to Recruiting Officer. 121 New Mont-
gomery St., San Francisco, Cal.
WANTED— Man. upricht character, to manage
business of established house: $1? per week and
expenses, paid weekly, from headquarters: ex-
pense money advanced: position permanent;
ref. Standard House. 301 Caxton bldg.. Chgo.
GT. pastel portrait painter from Eurone wants
salesman: salary $100 mo. Box 44S7. Call.
WANTED — Good frardencr. slnsle man, to work
j in nursery. Intixiir^at 213 Hayes st.
' MEN wanted to learn barber trade; only elghi
| weeks required; positions guaranteed; specla!
Inducements; catalogue and map of city free.
HOLER'S CAREER COLLEGE, 635 Clay st.
MECHANICS— Ke?p nway from San Francisco
Millmen's lockout still on. Building Trade*
Council of San Francl.'co.
"WANTED — A youngr man with a little experl
ence in horseshoeing. 1971 Market St.. neai
Halght.
LJXDELL House, corner Sixth and Howard-
Rooms, 15c to 25c night: 75c to $2 per week.
ERRAND boy wanted. 766 Geary st.
BARKER shoD for sale in mining town: goo<
bargain. DECKELMAN BROS.. 108 Ellis st
: BARBERS — 2-chair shop for sale cheap; owne:
j has other business. 2142 Twenty-fourth st.
FOR SALE— Cheap, a barber shop. 3C Marke
st. : can bo used for other purposes.
GET your shoes half soled while waltlne: I5<
to 50c. 562 Mission- St., bet. 1st and 2d sts.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, hal
price. 5G2 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d Bts.
WANTED— A man that understands florist am
nursf.ry business. WK» Haiqht St.
PEXSIONS-GEO. D. CAMPDELL. lawyer, 1
years' practice; Examiner building
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to knot
that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprietor, stll
runs Denver House, 217 Third st. ; 130 lars
rooms: 23c icr. night: $l»to $2 per week.,
NEW goods: quick Kales; salary or commis
slon: city or country. THE J. DEWING CO'.
Flood bulldlrC.
WANTED— 100 men to tak« rooms, 10c, l.'c an<
20e. lioston Hous«\ 9*0 Howard st.
BOYS wanted. SAN FRANCISCO AND PA
CIFIC GLASS WORKS, 7th and Townsend
SAILORS, ordinary seamen and green hands
all uarts of world HERMAN'S, 25 Stcuart
LABORERS and drillers wanted at 527 Four
tcer.th Bt., near Guerrero.
MEN «nd women to learn barber trade. S F
BARBER COLLEGE. 741A Howard st.
HELP WASTED MALE.
MEK~«l-anted ~for~the United States Navy— .
Machinists, first class, age 21 to 35. pay per
month $J5: machinists, second class, age -I
to *3, ray per month $40; electricians, third
class, age ;i to S3, pay per month *C0: ship-
wrights (carpenters), age 21 to 35. pay P*r
month. $25; seamen, ago 21 to 33. pay per
month, J24; ordinary seamen, age 1» t0 *:•
pay ier month »19; landsmen, age 18 to -a.
pay rer month $16; apprentices, third class.
age 15 to 17. pay per month $3. All canal-
dates for enlistment must pass a physical ex-
amination showing them to be free from an-
cualifyinr ailments. Machinists must pass
an examination showing them to be ma-
chinists by trade. Electricians must pass a
practical examination in electricity, espec-
ially on the handling of electrical machines. ;
Shipwrights must be carpenters by trade.
Seamen and ordinary seamen must pass an |
examination "in seamanship. Landsmen ano
apprentices will be required to pass U»«
physic.il examination only. The term of en-
listment Is for four years. Should a man
ro-endist within a period of four months from
the date of honorable discharge he will re-
ceive a bonus of four months' pay and an
! addition to his monthly pay of $1 36 for each
re-enilstment. Ration* medicines and medical
attendance are furnished gratis in add!ti<->n to ¦
¦ nay. Privilege of retirement after thirty
years' service on three-quarters of the pay
received at date of retirement. It is the de-
sire of the Navv Department to obtain a
laree number of able-bodied Americans for
the navy, who will b« ¦ given every oppor-
tunity for advancement as soon as they are
qualified for the higher ratings. The early I
completion of a number of fin» ships for the
navv will make a large increase In the en-
listed force necessary, and this will cause a
corresponding large increase In th» number
of petty officers, who will be advanced from
the lower ratings. Recruits who may be, ac-
cented will be assigned to a U. S. wstr ves- ¦
sel; apprentices to the naval training sta-
tion. San Francisco. Cal. Applications should
be m*de at the U. S. Naval Recruiting Ren-
riczvotis. corner of Market and East streets.
San Francisco. Cal.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near Mar- I
ket: 700 rooms. 25c night; reading-room; free
'bus and bag-gage to and from the ferry.
A r.RANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia St.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
rprefved nt fn!l ti'airh rfflr- ?;<w *MMrr»n-« ••
HORSES, LIVR STOCK. Etc — Kor Snle
40 HORSES for sale: also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Hoi?" Mnrket,
S"*? Sixth st. : auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN A- DOYLE. Auctioneers.
10 HEAD r.f driving and working horses at
TOMKINSON*8 stabies. 57 Minna St., be-
tween Fir«t and Fecc.nd.
HOUSES TO LKT.
A— PRINTED LIST Houses to Let; send fnr cir-
cular. (1. H. U MBS EN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
FOR RENT— In Belmont; modern house. J
room« furnished: rent reasonable. Call or
address MRS. OTTO. 2?0 Hyde st.
HOUSE of 9 rooms and bath, in good order;
fine lccntlon. 1427 Tost St..
HOUSES WASTED.
MODERN house or cottage. 7 or S rooms, bath;
stable; good, steady tenant. 1312 Folsom St.
LOST AND KOU>n.
LOST— Pair of diamond hoop earrings on
Wednesday, between Lederer'9 hairdressing
parlors on Stockton Ft. and Bushnell's photo
gallery. Reward of $40 upon return to A.
HIRSCHMAN. 10 Post st.
LOST— From 9^2 California St.. corner of Pow-
ell. September 26. male coMie puppy: yellow,
with white stripe in face. Return to above
address and receive $10 reward.
LOST— A Groat Dane; black, white mark on
chest. Return 1S2S Ellis st. ; liberal reward.
LOST — Cocker spaniel, female: color liver and
white; liberal reward. Return to 1G2S Vallejo.
! LOST— Silver-plated carriage hub band. Return
to United Undertakers. 27 Fifth St.: reward.
LOST— From 902 California st.. corner of Low-
ell. September 26, male collie ruppy; yellow,
with \vhlte stripe in face. Return to above
address and receive reward.
LOST— A black cocker spaniel pup on Jackson
St.. near Broderick. Return to 2S37 Jackson
fit. and receive reward.
LOST— White fawn greyhound dog; markings
on ear?: reward. 1408 Post st.
MASSAGE.
EMILY SEGSWORTH, assistant to Dr. A. B.
Wlllcox. scientific masseuse, room 40. St.
MEDICAL.
DR. and MRS. DAVIES. 1228 Market— Ladles'
specialists ; 22 years" practice: have treated
thousands of cases successfully; positive cur«
guaranteed at office: ladies treated can return
home same day; HINDO HERB home cure;
any one can use it: perfectly harmless: home
for confinement. Send stamps for circular.
MRS. DR. KOHL, 097 Market St.. cor. Sixth;
reliable ladies' specialist; home treatment. Jj,
Bife and sure cure guaranteed; ladies treated
at office can return home the same day; pri-
vate home before and during confinement;
best medical care; hours, 9 a. m. to 5 p. m.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL, the world-renowned
ladies' specialist; safe and reliable; has prac-
ticed In San Francisco for years: treated thou-
sands of cases successfully; treatment can be
u?ed at home: consultation free. After all
others fall call on him. 1023'i Market at.
DRS. GOODWIN.well-known ladles' specialists,
have returned from Europe: safe and reliable;
cure $5: have treated thousands of cases with
success; 15 yeans' practice in S. F. ; maternity
home; low fees. 1007% Market St.. neartflxth.
MRS. DR. WYETK. reliable specialist; 25 yrs.'
practice: home In confinement: treatment at
office. $3: any ailment; consultation free; con-
fidential. S42 Post st., bet. Hyde and Larkin.
NG TOY KEE, Chinese doctor: cures consump-
tion, cancer, catarrh, etc.; all diseases treat-
ed: send for testimonials; advice free. Sani-
tarium, 704 Sacramento St., corner Kearny.
MRS. M. ALLEN. 1033 Market-Ladles' spectal-
lst; home In confinement; safe and reliable;
consultation free; hours 10 to 8.
THE well-known DR. POPPER, celebrated fe-
male specialist; practical physician for 37
years; always successful. 313 Kearny st.
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, treats all dls-
eases of the human body. 115 Mason St.
MISCELLANEOUS— FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. Me-
, INTOSI1 & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters,
linoleum, new and second hand; we always
have a large stock of saloon outfits on hand;
32 complete outfits on our floor, ready made:
we can ship everything In 24 hours. J.
NOONAX, 1017, 1019. 1C21. 1023 Mission St..
above Sixth; write for catalogue.
A— $3 CO DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 75. Pop-
ular Price Hatters. 330 Kearny St.. near Pine.
FINE suit. $10; dress pants, $2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st.
! FOK sale— Property of the Live Oak Consoll-
I dated Gold Mining Co.. situated in Nevada
County, 15 miles north of Auburn: 2 patented
; claims; S-stamp quartz mill; ditch and hoist-
ing works complete. For further particulars
inquire of A. MEISTEH, 914 Ninth st.. Sacra-
1 mento, Cal.
• A GIFT— Chicken ranch. 130 thoroughbred
: chickens, ducks, fine cow. Incubator, brood-
er, tools, crop, furniture, for J1S0. Address
[ box 2030, Call office, Oakland.
' A— BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW, 216 Spear St.
• SORREL mare, gentle, good traveler: also sln-
gle express wagon; cheap. Apply Ills How-
. ard st. •
' STEEL TANKS, all sizes; suitable for water or
oil; cheap; all shapes; second hand. H S
WHITE. 516 Mission st.
A— 100 HORSEPOWER engine, boiler. J-drlH
. air compressor. JARDINES. 220 Fremont st.
A BEAUTIFUL pair diamond screws for $lj-
- worth T30. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant ave.
1 ST. BERNARD and Great Danes, prize pedl-
1 grec stock: must sell. Pox E. Walnut Creek.
r SPLENDID 10x15 press and a 25-lnch naDer-
. _cutter. Address box 3767. Call office.
1 A NO. 1 young Durham cow; calf 2 days old-
_ easy to milk: gentle. 1312 Folsom st.
c SAFES— New and second hand. THE HER.
- MANN SAFE CO., 417-423 Sacramento ft.
f PORTABLE engines, boilers; iron and wood
: planers, lathes; 2d hand. J. Burke. 133 BealeT
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d hand- movine
- rictus. ' BULLARD & BRECK 131 FW St?
FULL line cameras and photo supplies; selling
1*5 WILL rent full dress Tuxedo or PrTnce Vlbert
« _L ul ai cr Jl ».i*CTtIand Loan Office" S Stktn!
10-TON Fairbanks scale and flre~and~bunrlar
" proof safe. 216 California st. ojrgiar
' !I «". IIANl \. P hot ,°Kre»phle and magic lantern out-
SAt^brogbt£nM.^wtcl>«aKed. 109 Montgomery.
d FIRST-CLASS second-hand mx5»n»>ntfBe» and
boilers bought and sold. KKOOH Mfg. Ca
_ " AUZ SAFE. 109-m Market St.. S'an Fran.
" L s V oVd K «ilvT; < Lf ent fl < e ?f t - oft Nothing bought &
,_ sold. Hh*rmtjT.jg4jrolsom; tel. Folsom 1131
\ KLEIN hill pays best price fcr clothing brlc-
\ a-brac and books. 109 sixth at. : tel Je^le ill
MONE* TO I.OVX. I
AA— BEST rates and easiest terras.
Second Mortgages
Intfrc.-itd li) Estates
Undivided Interest* in RmU Estate......
Financial croblems o* hI! sorts an.l .*«¦"
solved by HERMAN MURPHY. O^ Market.
ANY amount at 6 per cent; 1st. 2d an<l 3d mor -
Basosi. undivided interest, real estate in pro-
bate; mortffacea an.l legacies bought: no no-
»T! cet my terms before d'jinj; business else-
where. R. Md.1)L(iAN. 21 SIcntscmery, r. 1.
ANY proposition, any amount; 6 per cent; firFt.
seror.fi mortgages, estates in probate. Interest
in estatrs. legacies, corporation |-an». chmt.-l
mortrages. Itfe insurance. Ro..m XC. ttrst tl. or.
_ Chronicle builling. UaLLORAX & OLSKN.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
llneral advances on dUuoonda jewelry at l.-w-
e>t r.«tes=. Baldwin J,-.wlry Store. *4* Market
I ft.; te- Maln_lMt._;;r«ni-h 1J Third -st.
A -«w>.ono on dty «nl country rtal cttata and
f>tate»: chattel mnruncra; notes an.l col-
laterals. J. H RQ \v x ston g. 11 Montgomery.
MOST reliable place to borrow 1 on ' dtamowH,
watche*. jewelry. W. J. HESTHAU W Sixth;
highest prl'.-e f- r old g...|.i. si, v «r, diamonds.
ON furniture an.l planoa wtthovt removal :<iul;fc.
.f.rvlc-c: money direct: lowest Interest. ICnt-ms
tW and K>. PoBobee bnlMtog. ilT.i Murket s»t.
AT 12S tCeamy ?t.. ro<>m 9, respectable. pflvata
place to borrow en watcher, diamonds; lowest
.rates; take elevator. Telephone Davis »?.">.
&0<V*TO AT 6 »>er cert In sums to suit In city:
aim J13O.C00 on lars-* ranches; a No on secnml
mCTtSmttf, R. J. MKHfER & SOX. UJ Tine.
AXV amount by private party on furniture and
pianos: no removal; low rates; confidential.
BONELLI. 3iU Jones st.. corner Eddy.
WHY pay rent? We loan money to tralld with;
small monthly payments. HOME BUILDINCV
COMPANY. 2CC Sansome St.. room 2. *.
MONET to loan on furniture by private party;
low rale. 317 Market St.. room 1
MONEY lc-aned salaried people without security.
HILL, rm. 44. Merchants" Ex.. 431 California.
ON furniture and pianos; no removal; confi-
dential; on diamonds, etc. 33 Taylor st.
TO salaried people without security; all busi-
ness confidential. ToCTley Co.. 321 Parrctt big.
CASH loaned to salaried people on not» without
indorser. MORRKUU W3 Examiner buiMinis.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal: no com-
mission: private. LICK. Ufl McAllister st.
TO salaried people without collateral or In-
dorser. S. F. Discount Anewjr. 143 Fhelnn b!T.
UC91CAL I.NSTIIOJKNTS.
A~HALLETT & DAVIS, rosewood case KO C>
Krtwanis & Son. rosewood ca3« 73 V*
Arion. rosewood case !tf »
Hallet & Pavls 13". >»
\V>ber. finest oonJitlon lu '>>
Manner & Sons 17"> 0>*
Kmfrsbury. oak 1» «
Standard, used a few months 2S--> '»
Easy payments, sheet i.-iuslc and everjthin?
In the music line. ChlcHerlns. Vose. Sterling
agency. BENJ. CUKTAZ i SON. 18-li-iJ
OFarrell st.
ALL purchasers of pianos at SHEKMAN
CLAY &. CO.'S have the privilege of rt-
changing for a S'ri>INT% r AY any time within
three years and full purchase price allowed:
the best makers of every grade to select from:
beautiful new uprights $5 cash. $<! per month;
some good pianos for $3. $4 and $5 per month.
SHERMAN. CLAY & CO.. STEINWaT
DEALERS, corner Kearay and Sutter *ts..
Ban Francisco; corner Broadway and Thir-
teenth sts.. Oakland.
DON'T fail to *ee the beautiful Decker A Son
baby irrands Just received At MAUVAIS". 753
Market et. They are the best ever snown in
the city.
A REL1AULK piano ¦•an be hotTght only from
a reliable hoti^e. The ZHXO MAUVAIS MU-
PIO CO. J» such a house. Their address 13
7f9 Market St.
NO matter what you want In the lire of mti-
«ical poods, you can always do best at MAL-
VAJS\ TS5 \farket »t : .
ABSOLUTELY th? bursett exclusive wholesale™
and retail piano hnu.H> wt of Chicaco: bir-
palns in all star.daril makes fr^m J.V) to CSS.
A^enis for Hallett * Davis, ISostnn's oldest
and moFt fam.-UM piano; also Betu Rr*.' an.l
ten other makes. IIKINE PIANO ("O.. z\->
?¦loaryft^
NICE ffuares from $30 to $100.
Nice uprights, slightly used, from J*0 to $2<V).
Full amount raid allowed on new fhlckerlni?
or Vose in two years. BENJ. CX'RTAZ A
SON. li OTarreli sU
A MAGNIFICENT new uprlsht piano. J150.
special this week: also great reductions In
various high-irrade pianos during this sale.
DPIWI.NG & CO., Flood building.
VIOLIN strings; never wet: best In the world:
maklnjr and repairing of all kinds of musical
instruments. Carl C Anderson. 41* t»eary st.
BE in the swim; rent a new piano for S3 per
month. SCOTT-CURTAZ CO.. 5K0 "Hayes gt.
GENTLEMAN jroin* East will sacrifice ele-
irant upriRht srsnd piano. 32» Golden Gate »%•••.
AT KEEFFE'S, 5*33 Market St.. 4 elejrant up-
rlRhts at your own price.
EOHJIEH & CO.. Byron Mauzv. GaMer. Sp.-:1-
man and other rlanos. 30S Post st.
BAHG\IN— Good piano cneap: installment J<
y«r month. SCHM1T/. IS McAllister st.
W. G. CADGER. 4»2 Sacramento st.. asent for
Francis Bacon and Hallett & Davl.» pianos.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
REDUCTION sa!e: new pianos: $5 payments:
for rent. J2 up. ERUEXS. 201 Post st.
HIGH-GRADE piano*: Pteck. Hardman. Con-
over & others. W. B. ALLEN CO., ZU Post.
SLAUGHTER sale of uprleht pianos for stor-
age: ICO up. TVllson's Ptorajt". J7M Mark-t «t.
OFFICES A>D STORES TO LET.
GROCERS— Store cor. Hayes and GoMKh. for-
merly occupied by dun* Bros., now by Staler
Bros., for rent from October 1: $Kj. ASinu.'.V
& GARDINER. 411 Montgomery Bt. y
LARGE etnre; fixtures In; 4 rooms: in jrcod re-
tall district. NE. comer Clement and Third
ave. ; Sutro cars pass door.
LARQK elegant store and basement; 933 Valen-
cia at., near 21st; business center; suitable
for any business.
BUSINESS corner: Union St.. cor. Morae. bet.
I.arkln and Hyde: to be fitted to suit tenant.
TO let— Good store and rooms. 223 Ninth st. :
118.
PALMISTRY.
MME. NEERGAARD "has "removed to 700 Post:
hours t to 5 eve., and Sunday by appointment.
I'F.ItSO.NALj.
SEAWEED— Let me see you or hear at once,
if possible in three days. FISHER DICK,
box 4426. Call office.
THE HUDSON RIVER CO..
HOTKT5 BROS.
Mattresses and pillows made to order. r«rov-
ered and renovated: honest work ruaranteed:
prices defy competition: fine upholstery; phons
6303; factory. 315 and 310 Eleventh St.; first-
class cleaning and dyeing. 123 O'FarreU »t..
near Powell. San Francisco.
LEDERER. the popular hairdresser, axtlatla
hairdresslnir only by the best hair artists:
23c hair rolls and switches a specialty.
ELECTRIC lights In every room— Wlnchetter
Hotel. 44 Third «t, near Market: TOO rocms;
"3c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to $« per w«ek;
free *bU3 and biggage to and from the ferry.
¦ SUITS to order on Installments: J15 upward;
11 a week. LEON LEMOS. 1117 Market at.
1 between Seventh and Eighth.
PILES— 300 permanent cures in San Francisco.
who can be seen; no operation: no pain: par-
tlculars sent. Ad. Physician, box lS^O. Call.
• MME. ADA. the wonderful gifted healer, r«-
• moved to 1104 Market St.. offlcea 3 and 4.
PRIVATE detective work; reasonsble rates: 1&
; years' experience. J. B. RAY. 35? Jessie »t-
. LEDERER'S Qulntonlca Hair Tonic. 33c bot.;
beautifies and gives that glos^ 123 Stockton.
I SUITS to order on easy payments. Art Tailor-
. Ing Co.. 184t Mkt.. onder St. Nicholas Hotel.
• HAIR quickly curled or waved by using Tal-
cotfs curling fluid; ?5c a bottle; druggUts.
I LEDERER'S Foamo Shampoo. 5c pkc. : cleanses
and sweetens the hair: you must try It.
I V.'ANTED— Old-fashioned silver, brass, copper
ware; curios, all descriptions. 823 Dupont at.
• ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna restores gray
" hair to Its natural color. 11. at all druggists.
CAST-OFF clothing, old gold and silver bought;
«end postal. COLEMAN'3. 5C6 Kearny st.
I PHYSICIANS AND »l'nGEO.\S.
r i DlC~C. C. f/DOSNEI-L- Office and restderc*.
: 1021'i Market st.. between Sixth and Seventh.
! I 11EA1. ESTATE CITY KOR SALE.
- I HOUSE~^oT~saie^Ten rooms and two baths.
I furnace, electric lights, gas. completely car-
1 ¦ peted; on Presidio HciBhts: marine view; lot
r ! 35:S'«xlCrt; bouse and carpets one year old;
! prle-" «!«C«>. Apply 311 Spruce St.. between Sac-
- j ramento and Clay.
FOR sale— Cottage. ."• room3. bath, pantry and
all modern Improvements. Apply at 4S5 Han
J ; Jese ave.. near Twenly-nlnth st.
- 1 16. WO— CORN EK 'ot. ICOxiro; new building^
3 grocery ond bar. stcck anil fixtures: an end
: of car line: clearing $JCO mr>. Dos 37R Cal^
• , FOR SALE— J16C0 cottage; 4 rooms; lot JOxZO.
1 4 Church lane, near Sixteenth st.
t MOUEKN" houses built ;lmvest pr'.ces .plans and
1. estimates furnished Cumpbvll. 1147 Mission.
- MISSION cottace; new; S rooms, bath: lot Mx
L i 100; I30CO; terms to suit buyer. 413 <>'»«rB» — -REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
William B. anA Annie E. Huff to Daniel Ein
stein, lot on N line of Clay street, 56:3 E of
Lyon. E 25 by N 105; 110.
Baker & Hamilton (a corporation) to George
W. Reed, lot on 5* line of Jackson street, 87:6
W of Locust. W 6'l by S 127:8^4; J4000.
Wallace and Acnes .Bradford to Richard G.
Brodrlck, lot on N line of Clay street, 77:6 W
of Maple, W SO, N to Presidio View Home
stead, SE to point, S to the N line Clay; S10.
Same to Margaret Brodrlck, l<jt on N Una of
Clay street, 107:6 W of Maple. W 30, N to
Presidio View Homestead. SB to point, S to
N line Clay; $10.
Margaret Brodrlck to Elfanor W. Stinson
(wife of F. L.), same; gift.
Nell Grant to James B. McMurray, lot on W
line of Harrison street, 61:0U S of Twelfth. S
25. W SO, N 27:9'4, E 80; $10.
Caro O. Hill to William S. Hackett, lot
on E line of Bryant street. 23:4 N of Twenty
sixth. N 23:4 by E 100; $10.
Same to Anton Baumann, lot on NB corner
of Twenty-sixth and Bryant streets, N 23:4
by E 100: |1O. .
Ellen Valentine Clarke to Emma P. Clarke,
lot on S line of. Pacific street, 22:6 E of Powell,
E 23 by S 67:6t gift.
Orville D. Baldwin to Millie E. Baldwin. lot
on W line of Powell street, 103:1ft s of O'Far
rell. S 34:4% by W, 137:6; gift.
Ernest C. and Alvlna Hoffman to Charlotte
Gertchten. undivided H of lot on S Hne of
Bush street, 40 E of Taylor. E 22:6 by S 80;
$5-
City and. county of Ban Francisco to Charles
Stewart '. (administrator of estate, of Gilbert
Shattuck, lot on W line of Thirty-eighth ave-
Pederson as a Pugilist.
Christian Pederson, the alleged divine
healer charged with battery upon Mrs.
Celia Clark on September 9 at 11S^ Ellis
street, testified in his own behalf before
Judge Fritz yesterday. He said that a
man named Barlow wanted to run his
house, and on the day in question he
grabbed him by the coat collar and threw
him on his back. The defendant, who was
running the house with him on shares,
came at him and he threw her on top of
Barlow. He added that Barlow and Mrs.
Clark wanted to get $. r *0 out of him. The
case was continued till Wednesday.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
J C Laws, Cal
F Powell, Missouri
A A Lawrence & w,
Fresno
J T Axton, Salt Lake
Miss Nichols. Sta Cruz
J J Kent, Cincinnati
M C Johnson, Cinn
A S Londes, Los Ang
H W Bates & w, Cal
T Curran, -San Diego
E W Graven, Chlco
R E Freeland, Portlnd
G T Talbott, Ix>s Ang
J T Hoad, Santa Rosa
M M Charles. N S
D Donohue. Cal
E T Barn & w, Salinas
J R Madison, Portland
B F Plnger, Chicago
J McGuIrk, Cal
Mies K Smith. Boston
PALACE HOTEL
B F White. Mont
M O Tglesair &. w,
Los Angeles
T N C Gerwald, Nome
E P Lion. San Jose
H P Baldwin. Detroit
Mrs F C Baldwin. Mich
T P Matthews, Phlla
C A Miller. N Y
H C Burmlster & w,
Ariz
T H Morris, London
C R Robblns, 8pokane
J D Schuyler, Los Ang
W Garland. Los Ang
N K Grecorg, L Ang
Miss Gregorg, L Ang
O D Roberts, N Y
F Rlckard. Denver
J B Lengfeld Jr, N Y
S P Weston, Seattle
L W Mayer, N Y
E Aucer, Paris
A Lanarl, Paris
J B Allen. Paris
B Hlrschfleld, N Y
C C Cornvry, Boston
W H Piper, Plttsburg
Miss L Brown, Plttsbg
!J R Grant, Lob Ang
Mrs S Kirk, San Jose
Miss E Kirk." San Jose
Mrs Brocke, St Paul
G S Davis, Honolulu
B Cart wrlffht, Honolulu
A L Thompson Baltim
J N Brown. N Y
K L Brown, N Y
T Little. N Y
J E Chilberg, Seattle
C N Thomas, Cal
|J W Craig. Los Ang
W T Talisferro, L Ang
Mrs A B Hammond. Or
Townsend
P H Mason, Cal
J L McComa»; Angels
Mrs E H Hotchklss &
children, Los Angeles
J H Drain, Lob Ang
Mrs E J Chamberlain,
Eureka
W L Morris & w, Cal
E D Smith & w, Cal
F B Goodwin, Keswlck
M Newberger. Chicago
J McAlplne. Redding
Mrs E Rook. Ohio
F A Lee. Seattle
Mrs L Mayer, Seattle
T Murray. Wash
J D Smith, Davlsville
C J Vorde & w, Nana
R H Sellers & w, N Y
G E Gilson. Cincinnati
Mrs M IJeard, S Diego
Miss M Sanborn, Cal
J H Coleman. S Mateo
F H Kinr & w. Wash
J B KIchardson.SulBun
C H IMemer & w. Sac
E A Davis, Placervnie
A r Nelson, Or
H Bosklns & w, Cal
C G Osborne, S Jose
J T Coonan. Eureka
J L Hal'. Chlca-o
F A Rauch, Chicago
GRAND HOTEL
G G Brook", Colusa
H T Emmet & w, Cal
J Dalley. Tacoma
F Houghton. Corning
E J Nye & w.P Roblea
E Everson. Cal
A Gutsch, Cal
W Seely, Cal
W A Morrlssy. Stktn
H E Kron. S Cruz
F S Hammond. Seattle
F Russell. SeatMe
C J Brown & w, Pt
R G Simons, I* os Any
J V Simons, Los Ang
S Richardson, Tulare
A D Wlllson, Bakersfd
C T Elliott, Soledad
J J Morey, Watsonv
O F Atwood, Stockton
E A Preble, PetroMa
J Flastle Jr. M Island
E W Kinsr. Uklah
J J Walser Jr. Chicago
D Campbell, Los Ang
W K Cole. Martinez
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
The Supreme Court yesterday reversed
the decision rendered by the lower court
in the case of James "Waters and wife,
plaintiffs and respondents, vs. D. C. Poole,
defendant and appellant.
The action was brought In Yolo County
to aulet title to a iT7-a.cre tract ot land
located near the Sacramento River. On
the trial the defendant objected to the
taking of any testimony because it ap
peared from the complaint that the land
in controversy was situated in Sutter
County. The objection was overruled by
the trial Judge and Pool appealed.
It was shown by the evidence that In
1?38 the Sacramento River was by the pre
vious acts of the Legislature the boundary
between Yolo and Sutter counties and tha
land in controversy was at that time un
questionably in Yolo County, it being on
the Yolo side of the river. It was situated,
however. In a bay or peninsula bordering
on and nearly surrounded by the river.
In that year some beaver trappers made
a small cut or canal across the neck of
this peninsula on the Yolo side of the land
In question and the waters running there
in in a year or two washed such a channel
that the river steamboats passed through
that way and since 1S62 it has received the
main volume of the river water and, ex
cept In times of hiph water, there Is no
current In the abandoned river bed.
The court holds that the objection made
went to the jurisdiction of the 'court and
should have been sustained and the case
dismissed. The lower court should have
taken cognizance thai the land lay In
Sutter County.
TEAPPEBS CHANGED THE
COURSE OF THE RIVER
Twenty-Seven Acres Added to An
other County and a Legal Con
test Pollowed.
Reports Indicate That the Net Earn
ings of the Line Have Largely
Increased.
PHILADELPHIA, Sept. 23.— The Rail
way World has obtained in advance fig
ures from the report of the Pennsylvania
Company for the year ended June 30, 1900.
They show the remarkable growth in the
company's business during the past year.
Gross earnings amounted to $50,304,331,
against J67.119.353 the preceding year; op
erating expenses, $53,915,171, against $46,
025,925; Income from operation, $2S,388,16d,
apainat S21.0S5.G07; income from other
sources, T5/.6S.372, against $5,342,712; total
increase, $32,056,532, against $26,436,320; de
ductions for Interest, rentals, taxes, per
manent Improvement, etc.. $21,544,790,
against $19,621,371: 5 per cent dividend, $6,
712.2S8, against $6,465,202; surplus, $3,499,
452, apalnst $45,696 last year. The surplus
on June 30, 1900, stood at $24.5i0,0fi2, against
$21,017,390 on June 30. 1S99. Passenger rev
enue increased $2,181,353, while revenue
from freight traffic increased $10,903,473.
There were Issued during the year 435,019
shares of stoqk, hut the funded debt was
reduced about $30,000,000. The par value
of the stocks owned by the comparty
amounts to $1S6,65S,722, against $131,f*62,022
In 1899. Number of passengers carried in
creased 4,503,291; number of tons of freight
carried Increased 36.0S0.S99.
PENNSYLVANIA RAILROAD
HAD A PKOSPEROUS YEAR
* Bid. Ask. I Bid. Ask.
Alpha 03 05'Justlce 06 07
Alta 02 C4iKentuck 03 (4
Andes 07 CS , Lady 'Wash — 03
Belcher 17 18 Mexican 32 33
Best & Belcher. 31 32 Occidental 07 W
Bullion 62 04 Ophlr .'3 $\
Caledonia 42 43 Overman 09 10
Chollar IS 20,Potosl IS 13
Challenge Con.. 20 21 Savage 16 IS
Confidence 75 77 Scorpion 02
Con Cal & Va..l 15 1 20 Seg Belcher.... 02 03
Con Imperial... 01 02 Sierra Nevada. 32 33
Con New York. 01 —Silver Hill 38 30
Eureka Con — 45 St Louis 03 10
Crown Point 12 13iStandard —4 15
Exchequer 01 02 Syndicate 04 —
Gould & Curry. 33 33 Union Con 13 20
Hale & N'orcrs. 24 2."» Utah P4 0.",
Julia (13 04 Yellow Jacket.. 22 23
FRIDAT, Sept. 28— 4 p. m.
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
Afternoon Session.
,££ belcher w 100 Challenge Con.. 2<>
1200 Best & Belcher. 31 300 Mexican 33
150 Best & Belcher. 30 200 Yellow Jacket.. 23
600 Alpha Con 03 SCO Hale & Norers. 24
£S 5 est * BeIch er- 31' 300 Hale & Norers. S
300 Best & Belcher. 32 500 Mexican .. 33
30 Rest & Belcher. 29, 700 Ophir "" 54
!^ C . a!e ! on , la . 42; 400 Sierra Nevada'. 31
*50Con Cai & V.I 17H^ 2C0 St Louis d
1S0O Gould & Curry. 33 !
Morning Session,
Following were the sales in the Pacific Stock
Exchange yesterday:
Afternoon Session,
EO Belcher 19 100 Ophlr B4
200 Best & Belcher 31 200 Overman 10
2 9° Challenge 20 500 Sierra Nevada. 33
,™ w on Cal & Va " 1 20 ' 20 ° Yellow Jacket.. 22
400 Mexican 34;
m Best & Belcher. 32 200 Silver Hill M
'WChollar 20 800 Union Con 20
S3 300 Yellow Jacket.. 21
6C0 Sierra Xevada. 33
Morning Session.
Following were the sales In the San Francisco
Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
MINING STOCKS.
Morntns Session.
Board—
50 Eldorado l go
230 Four Oil Co 47
100 Monarch of Arizona 40
100 San Joaquln Oil & Dev 7 75
100 San Joaquin Oil & Dev, b 60 8 00
EM Sterling O & D Co 2 V'U
600 Sterling O & D Co 2 10 "
Street—
500 Monarch of Arizona 40
10 Blue Goose 10 00
100 Home Oil 4 43
Afternoon Session.
Board—
500 Cala-Standard ....; 38
150 Cala-Standard 37
&*> Cala-Standard. ¦ 30 28
230 Four Oil Co 43
S50 Home Oil 450
10O McKittrtck Consolidated . . 20
500 Reed Crude Oil Co 50
40 San Joaquln Oil & Dev 7 73
100 fan Joaquln OH & Dev 7 6"'ii
100 San Joaquin Oil & Dev. b 60 7 87^
400 San Joaquin Oil & Dev b 60 8 25
200 Sterling O & D Co .. 2 10
Street—
250 Four Oil Co 47
40 San Joaquln Oil & Dev" "b*6o!! '.'.'.'.'.. 8 00
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Afternoon Session.
Board—
20 Contra Costa Water 69 62<4
$4000 Contra Costa Water bonds 106 75
100 Hana Plantation Co 7 50
$3000 North Ry of Cal 5 per cent bonds.HS 50
23 Onomea Sugar Co 28 00
25 S F Gas & Electric Co 53 00
$1000 S P of C 6 per cent bonds (1905, >
Series A) 110 50 y
$1000 S P of C 6 per cent bonds (1905.
Series B) HIM
20 Spring Valley Water 96 00
$2000 S V 4 per cent bonds (2d mort)..103 25
Street—
25 Contra Costa Water 63 50
200 S P Gaslight BOO
35 S F Gas & Electric Co 52 75
$3)00 S P Branch Ry 6 per cent bonds.. 133 00
Street—
$10,000 North Ry of Cal 6 per cent bonds.114 00
J. E. and J. T. McDevltt, executors of the
estate of James McDevltt (owner) with M. V.
Brady (contractor), architect T. J. Welsh — All
work for alterations and additions' to a three
story brick building on N line of Minna street,
75 W of Sixth. N 60 by E 75; $2690.
Lewis P. Meaney (owner) with W. Horst
meyer & Co. (contractors), architect H. Geil
f uss — All work for a two-story frame building
on E line of Bryant avenue, 55 N of Twenty
second street, N 30 by E 100, Mission block
146; J2139.
San Francisco Protestant Orphan Asylum So
ciety (owner) with W. H. Ba^rge (contractor),
architect Hermann Barth — All work except
plumbing for a one-story brick structure on
block bounded by Halght. Waller, Laguna and
Buchanan streets; $1138 60.
Buildors' Contracts.
Fred F. Carlson and Edward F. Wheeler (by
W. S. Harlow. commissioner) to West Oakland
Mutual Loan Association, lot on NW line of
Olive avenue, 824 NE from NE line of county
road. Oakland to San Leandro, NE 50 by NW
116. block L, Hemphlll Tract, Brooklyn Town
ship: $1095.
O. G. and Eliza B. May to Flore E. Pitcher,
lot on W line of South Atherton street. 120 3
of Channlng way, S 100.46, W 90, N 50, W 40,
N E0.46. E 130 to beginning, portions of lots 5,
6 and 7 on map of Kyer Tract, being a sub
division of lots 6, T and 8. block 4. map of Col
lege Homestead Association. Berkeley; $10.
Ann M. Doyle to Elise Krohn, lots 317 to 320.
block W, map of Beulah Park property. East
Oakland; also strip of land 8 feet wide border-
Inc upon and lying to the westward of above
lots 317 and 31S. East Oakland: $10.
Robert J. Boyer to Harry Huhs. lot on SE
line of Twentieth avenue, 35 SW of East Fif
teenth street, SW 35 by SE 100, portions of
lots 21 to 24, block 22, San Antonio, East Oak
land; $2230.
Wesley J. and Lettle H*. Baker to George B.
Davis, lot on NE corner of Weston avenue (or
Thirty-eighth street) and Ruby street N 132.5
E 30.1S, S 130.24, W 30.28 to beginning, block C,
Broadway and Telegraph Avenue Park Tract
Oakland; $10.
G. J. Brlones to Dolores M. Brlones. lot on
S line of West Thirteenth street, 100 W of
Center, W 25 by S 105, block 5S0B. on map of
Peralta and Center street lands, Oakland: also
lot 10, block 8, amended map of Butler Tract
Oakland: gift.
Sarah liutton (wife of Thomas) to Alice
Stewart, lot 21, bloc* B, King Tract, quitclaim
deed. Brooklyn Township; $io.
Alice Stewart (single) to H. F. Paston, same,
Brooklyn Township; J10.
James L. and Mary C. Barker, Frederick R.
and Julia T. Chamberlain to Edward B Nor
ton, lot 2, block 7. Central Park Tract. Berke
ley; $10.
F. L. and Olive A. Naylor to Paul and Mar-
Karet Ny. lot 7, block B, Suburban Tract,
Berkeley; $10.
Emma It. Waters (by J. B. Lanktree. com
missioner) to Home Security Building and Loan
Association, all Interest In plat 9, Watson
Tract, on map entitled survey No. S26 for Os
born & Sessions, containing 100 acres. East
Oakland; $3115.
George E. Starr (as executor estate Eliza J.
Etarr) to F. X. Evajis. all Interest In lot on
SE line of Fifth avenue, 50 NE of East Ninth
street, NE SO by SE 140, block 9, Clinton, East
Oakland: $875.
Francis J. Woodward, A. M. Benham, W. R.
Thomas. First National Bank of Oakland,
Sarah M. McLean and Pacific Box Factory (by
W. S. Harlow. commissioner) to Llsette A.
Jasper, lot on NE line of East Nineteenth
street, 166 SE of Thirteenth avenue, SE 63 by
NE 75. block 113. Clinton, East Oakland; also
lot on S line of Buena Vista avenue, 40 E of
Los Angeles street, E 40 by S 100. being lot
2. block C. Map of Golden Gate Tract*Oak
land; $1S6O.
James Vance (surviving husband), Lulu V.
Baumeartner. Effia S. Vance and Mabel E.
Vance (children of Louisa J. Vance, deceased)
to Agnes M. Vance (daughter), all Interest In
lot on N line of Thirty-second street, 137.40 W
of Telegraph avenue, W 60, N 115.02, E 50.23,
S 110.20 to beginning, being lot 3, block 2043,
Rowland Tract. Oakland: Bift.
Henry (or Hendrlk Winkelman) to Mary (or
Maria) D. Winkelman. lot on W line of Lin
den street, 124:5 S of West Tenth. S 60 by W
132. block 321. on Whitcher Official Map; also
lot on E line of Filbert street. 327 S ot West
Sixteenth, S 47 by E 125, being a portion of
lots 1 and 2. block 501, Gallndo Tract; also lot
on E line of Filbert street, 2S0.17 S of West
Sixteenth, S 46.S3 by E 125, being a portion of
lot 1, block 591. same; also lot on E line of
Filbert street. 87 N of West Fourteenth. N
18 by E 100. block 591, according to Boardman's
Map, Oakland; gift.
William H. and Frances Macklnnon and
George and Carrie R. Sterling to George E.
Pratt, lot on S line of Fortieth street, 150 E
of Market, E 50 by S 100. being lets 11 and 12.
Laymance Tract: also lot on N line of Ame
thyst street. 125 E of Broadway, E 60, M 149.12.
W 50, S 149.37 to beginning, being lot 8, block
H, resubdlvislon Westcn Tract. Oakland; also
lot on E line of Pleasant Valley avenue, 277.27
N of Piedmont avenue. N 60 by E 125. being
lotH 10 and 11 on revised map Piedmont Cable
Tract, Oakland Township: $10.
George B. and Alice M. Gray and F. A. and
Lottie Webster to George Sterling, lot on S
lino of Fortieth street (or Linden avenue), 37:6
E of Linden street. E 410, S 100. W 250, S 20,
W to a point 145 S from S line of Fortieth
street (or Evoy avenue), N 45, E 37:6. N 100
to beginning, being a portion of plat 36. Rancho
V. and D. Peralta, Oakland; $10.
L. D. and Margaret Spencer to George B. M.
Gray and F. A. Webster, five acres on S lino
of Evoy avenue (or Fortieth street), 37.5 E of
Linden. E E9ft 5. SW to N line of plat 37. Rancho
V. and D. Peralta, thence SW 8.68 charns to
E line plat fi, thence SW to its intersection
on E line of Linden street, thence N to a
point 100 S from S line of Evoy avenue, thence
E 27.5, N 100 to beginning, being a portion
of rlat 36, Kancho V. and D. Peralta, Oak
land; $10.
James C. and Martha E. Mullikln to same,
san^e. quitclaim deed. Oakland; $10.
Edgar A. Matthews (as administrator estate
Hevter A. Dart, by A. W.. Bishop, commis
sioner) to Union Savings Bank, lot on W line
of Myrtle street, 164:6 S of Fourteenth. S 73
by W 123, bflnsr lot 7 and N half lot S, block.
570. Oakland; $5568.
Alameda County.
Wells, Farco & Co.- to Anna L. Carpenter
(wife of J. K.). lot on SW corner of Delger (or
Twentieth) and Harrison streets. W 130, S 50.
E 121. N 5fi to beif inning. Oakland: $10.
Jchn and Sarah. Worthlngton to Eloisa 8.
de Velez («4fe of Juan), lot on SE corner o£
Twentieth and Market streets. E 116, 9 40,
W 103:7, N 40 to beclnntng. being a portion
of lot *, blcck O, Curtis and Williams Tract.
Oakland; $10.
Mary Beck to Henry and Frederick Beck, lota
14, 15. 34 and 35, block 523, and lot 17, block 504.
Haley purchase: clft.
Flora A. Bland to William F. Wilson, lot on
E line of Park Hill avenue. 252:7',i S of Buena
Vista street. S 25 by E 113, lot 12, block B,
Park Hill Homestead; $10.
Sarah F. Lang to Adolf and Ida Seaborsr. lot
on SW line of Thirty-seventh street. 205 SE of
Ran Bruno. SE 75 by SW 100, lot S, block 53,
Paul Tract; J10.
Rosetta L. Lee (Sedcley) to. Minnie Deppe
(wife" of H. C). lot on W line of Bryant street,
173 N of Seventeenth (Santa Clara), N 23 by
W 100; $10.
Frank W. and Emma A. Fuller to William
Ward, lot SW corner of Twenty-eighth avenue
and C street. S 125 by W 120; also lot on E line
of Twenty-fourth avenue, 200 S of Lake street.
S 50 by E 120: $10.
Henry A. Whitley to William R. and Mary
H. Myers, lot on \V line of First avenue, 277:6
S of Presidio reservation line, S 25 by W 120;
wo.
German Savings and Loan Society to Bertha
Glaser (wife of Simon), lot on W line of Castro
street. 35 N of Twenty-first, N 25 by W 125: $10.
Stephen and Mary Maybell to California Pav
ing Company, lot on N Hne of Division (Chan
nel) street. 325 W of Townsend. W 112, E 86.
S 70; $10.
W. Ford Thomas to Mary J. Donovan, lot on
E line of Bryant street. 46:3 N of Twenty
sixth, N 23:4 by E 100; $10.
Caro O. Hill to Stefano Arata, lot on 8 line
of Twenty-seventh street, 174 W of Church. W
24 by S 105: $10.
Simon Grozelier to same, same: gift.
David and Bertha Abrams to Isaac and Lotta
Reinhertz, lot on E line of O'Farrell street, 127
W of Laguna, W 25 by S 120; $10.
Benjamin F. Rathfon to Josephine Rathfon
(wife), lot on W line of Lott street, 110 S of
Turk. S 27:6 by W 110; gift.
Nellie Currle to Sarah J. Thomas, lot on W
line of Shrader street, 110 S of Page,,S 27:6 by
W 100; gift.
William F. and Hannah C. Wilson to Flora
A. Bland, lot on E line of Park Hill, 202:7V4 S
of Buena Vista, S 25 by E 115, lot 10, block B,
Park Hill Homestead; $10.
Charlotte L. Castle to Annie B. Voorhles, lot
on NE corner of Fern and Van Ness avenues,
E 84, N 49, W 23. S 22:8, W 59, S 26:4; $10.
Georgina and Nathan Hyman to Alexandrine
Grozelier, lot on N line of Bush street, 85 E of
Octavla, E 30 by N 120; $10.
Charlotte Gerlchten to Ernest C. Hoffman,
undivided of lot on W line of Eighth avenue,
121:4 N of L street. N 50 by W 120; $5.
London and San Francisco -Bank Ltd. to Al
fred McLaughlin. lots 19, 20, 21 and 28, block
210, Gardenvllle Homestead Association; $10.
nue. 245:9 S of A street, S 80, SW 202. N 235. B
120; $— .
Frances E. and Robert W. Burtls to Spencer
C. Buckbee, same; $10.
John and Blanche E. McGaw to Richard B.
Stinson. lot on W lino of Twenty-fifth avenue,
150 S of Point Lobos avenue, S 75, W 76:3. N\V
75, E St; $10.
Government Seeks to Show That
the Fortune Was Not
Gained by Honest
Means.
NEW YORK, Sept. 28.— Robert West
cott, father-in-law of Captain O. M. Car
ter, continued his testimony before Com
missioner Shields to-day in the hearing
of an application for the removal of
J. F., W; E. and T. A. Gaynor and B. J.
Greene to the jurisdiction of the Georgia
Federal courts.
In detailing the story of a number of
stock transactions in which he was en
gaged in 1891 and 1892 Mr. Westcott said
he introduced Captain Carter to his stock
brokers, Reid & Flagg. some time in 1893.
At that time and in 1&95 Captain .Carter
held his power of attorney.
He oald he might have had the railroad
bonds to the value of $100,000 in 1S93 when
he went to Kurope, but that the greater
part of his property waa real estate.
A clause in the power of attorney Cap
tain Carter held in 1S35 gave him authority
to buy, sell and deal in all stocks and
bonds owned by Mr. "Westcott or his wife.
At that time Mr. Westcott said he owned
no stock or bonds and the clause was
merely a part of the formal document.
Mr. Westcott admitted he had received
money from John F. Gaynor and from
Benjamin D. Greene at different times, lie
could not remember the exact amount*.
He received $10,000 from each of them in
1893 and 1S94 and Jn September of 1S94, at
the "Waldorf-Astoria, Carter gave him
$100,000 in bills. He could not remember
what he did with the money, but pre
sumed he put if in his safe deposit vault
or deposited it to his account in the bank.
In the hearing in July last it was shown
that the Atlantic Construction Company
received $4til,075 September 11, 1S94, from
the Government on a contract and that on
the same day there was deposited in the
name of R. F. "Westcott with Reid <&
Flagg,', brokers, $53,022, and in the name
of R. F. Westcott, with the Union Trust
Company. $50,000. The prosecution then
claimed that the amount represented Cap
tain Carter's commission.
Mr. Westcott said he handed the money
he received from Gaynor and Greene to
Carter and Mr. Kellogg produced a dozen
or more bank deposit slips to show by
their dates and amounts that the moneys
were deposited in banks and with brokers
to the credit of R. P. Westcott. The dif
ferent amounts aggregate more than $250,
000 and ranged individually from. $500 to
$53,000.
The cross-examination of Mr. Westcott
was not concluded at 1 o'clock, at which
hour Commissioner Shields ordered an ad
journment until Monday.
Father-in-Law of the Officer
(jives Testimony on the
Subject.
FINANCES OF
CAPTAIN CARTER
IN QUESTION
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAJjL, SATURDAY. SEPTEMBER 29, 1900.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
Continued from Page Ten.
13
CCEAN TRAVEIi.
<Successor to Flannagan & Gallagher).
DANIEL. P. DONOVAN. Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMHALMERS.
20 Fifth st., opposite Lincoln School.
Tclechone South 80.
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.,
THF 0. R. & N. no,
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Spear-street Wharf at 11 A. M.
CALr;. $12 First Class r^. using aerlh
I HP $3 Second Class and Meals.
STATE OF CALIFORNIA sails Ser.t 30
COLUMBIA sails Oct. o
Short line to Walla Walla. Spokane. Butte,
Helena and v all points In the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD, General Agent,
630 Market st.
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO..
Superintendents.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
Via Honolulu
STEAMERS WILL, LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m..
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hiogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for In-
dia, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of sailing.
SS. AMERICA MARU
/ Wednesday, October 17. 1900
SS. HONGKONG MARU
Tuesday, November 13. 1900
SS. NIPPON MARU
Thursday. December «. 1300
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office
421 Market street, corner of First.
W. H. AVERY, General Agent.
30MPAGNIE GENERAI.S TRANSATLANTIQCE.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. --^
SallinK every Thursday. Instead •^*jT^»
Saturday, from November ;. lsv.i, at «3f*ari'«Bk
10 a m.. from Pier 43. North FMver. foot of
Morton street LA TOURAINE, O.?t. 4;
L'AQUITAINE. Oct. 11: LA I.ORP.AIXE. Oct.
18; LA BRETAGNE. Oct. 23. First dau to
Havre $55 ar.d upward. Second cla«^ to Havre.
142 50 and upward. OEXKRAL. AOE.WY FOR
IGNITED STATES and CANADA. SI Hroadway
(Hudson building). New York. J. F. F1OAZI
& CO., Pacific Coast Agents, I Montgomery
avenue. San Francisco.
BAY AND RIVER STEAMERS.
FORUTSJ^^
Steamer " Montlcollo."
MON., Tues.. Wed., Thurs. and Sat. at 9:45
a. m.. 8:15. 8:30 p. m. (ex. Thurs. nir,ht); Fri-
days. 1p.m. and 8:30: Sundays. 10:30 a. m.. S
p. m. Landing and office. Mission-street Dock.
Pier No. S. Telephone Main 1508.
FARE - ."..- 50c
S* Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary^
VSL^feJ 9 625 KKAllNt Ml KstaolisheO
1*3* £^y$V n IH54 'or thetr?ntmento! Private
J f\ JJ\ fji? Diseases, Lost Manhood Debility or
HSkwotSBw disease vearingonbo<lyandniinili\p.d
faiAkja skin Diseast-s. Vb* 'loctorcureawbeii
IJflW^Si S others fall rry him Charger low |
tTAUUSS&d <"iir<-«5iii»rnnl»'«»l. Callorwritit I
I>r J «•' «il !;«•»>- Box lU37.8an Kranciacc I
AMERICAN LINE.
RW YOHK. B0TJTHAMPT0W. LONDON. PAHI*
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York Every Wednesday, 10 a. ra.
St Louis Oct. 3j St. Louis Oct. 24
New York Oct. 10. N'ew York Oct. 31
St. Paul Oct. 17. St. Louis Nov. 14
RED STAR LINE.
New York *nd Antwero
From New York Every Wednesday. 12 noon.
Frlesland ...Oct. 3j Kensington Oct. 24
Southwark Oct. lf>i Noordland Oct. 31
Westernland ....Oct. 17. Southwark Nov. 14
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO.,
30 Montgomery Street. .
BAHBOAS TRAVEL.
MOUNT 1AMALPA1S RAILWAY^
Leave San Francisco • via Sausallto Ferry:
WEEK DAYS. ...9:30 a. ra.. 1:45 and 5:15 p. m.
SUNDAYS.. 8. 9. 10. 11 a. m.. 1:30 and 2:30 p. m.
Fare San Francisco to Summit and return, $1 40.
NEW TAVERN OF TAMALPAIS NOW OPEN.
TICKET OFFICES 621 MARKET ST..
SAUSALITO FERRY.
OCEATTIC S.S. CO.— IICVNOL.TTT.U, APIA
AUCKLAND AND SYDNEY.
S. S. MOANA (via Honolulu) to New Zea-
land and Australia, Wed., Oct 3, 9 p. m.
8. S. QUEEN (Honolulu only)...
Wednesday. Oct. 17, 1300. 2 p. m.
S. S. AUSTRALIA to Tahiti
Thursday, Nov. 1. 6 P. M.
J. D. SPR ECKELS & BR2S. CO.. Agts.. 643 Market St
Pier 7. Foot Pacific St Freight Office. 327 Market St
SAJXBOAD TRAVEL.
KOUTIIKKM fAViVtV «'O.UI*ANY.
(PACIFIC MY.f-rCM.)
Train* lrn*«* nn«* Mr* «•««• to »rrl»» »•
MAM ru.4N4.IM* 1 *>.
(Main Line. Foot ot Market Streat)
lsatx — Fnoii SxrrzvBui 12. 1300. — a»»it»
¦~:OVa Benlda. Sulsun, Elmlra. VacarUfo
Kuir.3<"7 »ml ->»cr»m<?UTo *7l49V
•7iOUa Shasta Eipr-ss-I*i»U. WillUms(fer
Bartlett Springs). Willows. Bad
Bluff, fortlaud. "Tf43»
*7<S*a Martinez. ->»u IUiuod, Vallejo, N*p».
CitlUtnga anil Santa Ittna *0il3r
•8:00 a DsTia, Woodland. Knights Laadlsg.
ilarjitille. orotiild ?7j<3p
•MtOO* Atlantic Kipress— Ozrfen aod East *l*i45p
•S:«tot Niles, Tracy, Lathrop. Stockton •»«13.a.
*»i;h>a 8»u Jose, Literuiure, Mtuckton,
Inne. Sacramrulu. FUcrr?iil<J,
M«rji?illH, Chlco. lle.l WnfT Mil»r
•«:3<»* OakiU.c, Chinese. Mo-iora. Careen... Mil.ip
•»:WO« Hmjwards. MUM and Way stations. M 1:43a
•»:•»»* Lou Aageles Express — M artinea.
Tracy. LaUirop. Hioektoo. Merced
Fresno and Los Anjules •7:13»
•»::»«.» Vallr-jo. M^tiuexaml Way Stations 'DilV
•IOsUM* Thn OrerUii'l Limited— Ogden. Don-
Ter. Omaha. Chicago «•»«»»
•I 1:00a >«'ika, StocttOD, Sacramento, Men-
dot*. Fresno, Uaotoid, VUaiia.
1'orteMillo Hil3»
•11 :09a UTermore. Hanger. Qoshen Juno-
tion. Bikerstleld. Loa Angeles
•IXsO«H Hajwar>la, N lies and Way citations. *3>4-1r
tl:»»P .lacraiiiriitci Kiit-r tt' e iinri* f3:0l>A
•:JHM»p HaywarJs, NiKu and Way Htatlon*. *fts4.1r
•*:»«r M .utiiirc. Han Kaiiion. Vallejo.
Na|>». IThTIMiimm. Santa Ituam •»il-"»»
*4i«»P Bt-nicia. Winters. .Nacramento,
Wixxllaiid, Kni.hti LaudluK.
Maryntillr. Orotilla •l«s«a
•4 :3»rNI!es.Ha!i Jose ami Stockton *7il9r
•3:OOrTha Owl Limited-Tracy. FrMno.
UakrrsQelil. Haiig-tis fur EJaiit* Bar-
bara. Los Angelea. MOii:»4
•»:«o r Stockton 'Vila*
*3:0»rKew Urleant Express-KakorsnoM.
HaiiU lUrntra. Los Ang-lm. hi-m-
itiK. El Faao. Mew Orleaua aud
Kast Ti«»4
•flioor lUTwarN. NilesandHan Joso »7i4.-»»
? «:O»r Vallejo •I3t|.1r
•tt:UU r Oriental M.ii'.-Oglen, Chejeno*.
Uiuaha. Chimgu »iai43r
•<l:OOp Orieutal Mall— Ogden. Denver,
Oioaba. Chicajo # 4l1-"»r
•7iOO» NJes. Tracy, Uthrop. Btockton.... •l*>I3f
«i!««r liif j"!i M ,i California l.«|.i^«» .Mao.
rumeuti.. M.irysillln. ICvLIInf,
r...tlru..>. I'lm-t SuiiimI and I'xat *Sl43a
J«i» >p Vall-j... Furt CoaU and Wa* Mta- Z 1
tii.n^ tHioap
COAST IHVIMON (Narrow (iaiise).
( Knot «.f Hi rkut Str»w>.»
;7:45* Santa Cnu Excursion for Hanta
Cruz and f'rhicipttl Way Stations {9iO3r
•»il.1* N>w*rk.l > -i.tiT»i:ir-,.Sai|.li,.^,Kr;t,.T.,
Boii!UerCTrek..SaiitaCkuxan<lWa*
Hutious •t.anr
tSiISp Newark. Cei>t«r?llle. Han .loss. New
Almadeo, felton, llouider «;reek,
Santa Cnu anil Principal Wsy
Stations •Iwi3«»»
•4il.Tp Newark. Man .lose. Los lit'i.t t««»«»».
itilSpCifnnowl Felton. Hanta, Cmx. g<:iH>A
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rnast» rsmuica-rioi *r utrkit stn.t (S!»» d—
•7:18 »0O ll:00».M. tl:03 *2:33 |3:C9
•t:M 13:C3 fS:33r.M.
frtmOUUllB— r.tl «r lr«.4».f — -«;0O 8:00 lOOOt.M.
112-33 "1:C: t2:S3 »3:C3 11:33 '133r.ii.
COAST blfrUOl (BrMdUamra).
(Thir.l :.ml Tovyu^.,.1 st« )
I«:IOa Ocean View. Uoutd r»n »'r»uci«co.. t«>»«r
t '!:<><•» Kan Jn>« ami Wriy stnt.li.nn iNotr
Alntads«i \V«.lne4il>tjs<mlr) •liSttp
{7sS0a Sanrlajr Excursion f r Han Jose,
Santa Cruz, Pacific OroTa ana
Principal Way Station* J»i35 r
•»iOO» M... ,(.,„. Tin l-i. ,..!.. H,u,ta Cruz.
Pacilio Own) l*aaa Rabtss) ISau
I. nij <)lim|Mi, Hntt, Loupoc and
l'rlnelual Way Stati.m* •4.1Op
•lOtlOt Ban .!•«« an.t Way Stations... a «hS3a
i •ll::i«t« SanJiMM.LosnatoaxixlWajStatiotia ¦3t:iilp
fJ:ia r .S»n Matr». Uniwrnxl. Menlo Park.
Palo Alto, hanta Clara, Man .lose;
Tres Pinos. Mania Cruz, Salinas,
Umiteref an4 l'aclnc Hrnve tlA.UO a.
t:ii:i«rS»D.!nMtii.t Way St.tlo... •T:.lnp
MllSr San Jose an. « Principal W ¦> Statloua •«: i-^*.
t5s«lOpi«an Jo»». Loa Gatoa and Priucipal
WajSUtions fO:004
*3:2Op Hau Jons an.l Prlneinal Wtj Stations t"»:X"» a
•«:::ur San Joaeaud Way Station* ?»:«»4
Hl:l.->r San Joac ami War 8tati»n« »T:3l>p
A for Morning 1" for Afternoon.
•Daily. t Sunday etcepted. J Sunday ttuij.
6 Saturday only.
* Satoriaj and SuniUy. o Moodiy oal»
CALIFORNIA NOHTEVESTEEN ET. Ca
SAN FRAKCISCQ AHD NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tituron Ferry, Foot of Market St
BAJf FRANCIriCO TO SA_N 11AFAEJU.
¦WEEK DATS- 7:30. »:00. U:P0 a. m. ; 12:SS^
S:30. 5:10, <:30 p. ra. Thursday* — Extra trip
at 11:30 o. ra. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:5J
and 11:30 d. m.
BUNDA?8-S:0O. 9:10. 11:OC a. m.: l:S0. l:M»
t:00. C:ZO o. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRAXCTSCO.
"WEEK DAYS— 6:10. 7:50. 9:20. U:10 a. m. ; 12:43.
1:40, 5:15 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at
1:15 and (:35 d. m.
BUNDATS-8:10. »:40. 11:10 a. m.; 1:40. t.W.
I XT.. 8:25 p. m.
Between Sa.n Franclaco and Scbuetzen Park
lama schedule as above.
l)pav» I la Effect. I Arrlv»
Ban Francisco. [Apr. 13. 1300.] gan Franclsco»_
I Sun- J I Sun- I
Days. I days. | Cestlnatton.1 days. | Days.
I 7:30 am 8:C0 ami Novato. 10:40 ami S: 40 art
I 1:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma. 6:05 pmll0:K ara
j t:13 pm 6:00 pm! Santa Rosa. 7:35 pmi f:20 pra
Fulton.
7:30 am 'Windsor. 10:23 am
H^aMsburff.
Lytton.
Geyservllle.
8:30 pm 8:C0 am Cloverdale. 7:35 pm 8:10 pra
7:S0 ami j Hopland j 110:25 ami
l:?r> pml S:00 cm and Uklah. | 7:S3 pm! «£i> pm
T :30 am 10:23 an«
8:00 am Guernevllle. 7:35 pm
t:30 pm t:W pTa
7:30 am 8:C0 am Sonoma 9:15 am! S:40 aos
and |
8:10 pm 8:C0pm Glen Ellen. <:C5 pm? 8:20 pn>
7:30 am' S:CO am! 110:40 am!10:25 ara
3:30 pmj 5:00 pmt RebastcpotT | 7:33 pm, <:2O pna
Stages connect at, Santa Rosa for Mark West
Fprlnxs and White Pulphur Springs: at Fult.it\
for Altruria: at Lytton for Lytton Springs: at
Geyserville for Skascs Sprlr.ss: at Cloverda!*
fiprlrm. Highlanii Sprlnns, KelseyVille. Carls-
bad SprlnRs, Soda Bay. Lakeonrt and Bartlett
Eprlnss; at Uklah for Vichy Springs. Saratng*
Bprinfcs. B!ue Lakes. Laurel Deli Lak«. Wltte*
gprlnes. Upper Lake. Porno. Potter Valley.
John Pay's. Riverside, Herley*s. nucknell'a.
; Banhedrln H»iehts. Kullville. Orr"» Ho*
Springs. Mendnolno City, Fort Frag*. West*
port. Usal, Will Its. Laytonville. Cummins.
Ecll's Sprines. Harris. Olsen's. Dyer. Scots*
• and Eureka.
' Saturday to Monday roun Vttr'.D tickets a%
reduced rates.
On Sunday ronnd trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket offices. tZO Market St.. Chronic!* bide.
¦gi. C. "WHITINO. R. X. RYAN.
General Manacer. Gen. Pass. Agent.
RORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD,
Via Sausallto Ferry.
Commencing April 2'S, 1300.
FROM SAN' FRANCISCO TO MILL VAliBt
AND SAN RAFAEL.
tVEEK DATS— 7:t», •8:30. »:30. 11:00 a. m.a
13:45. «1:45. 3:15. 4:15. »5:15. 8:15. 8:40 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and Saa
Rafael, on Mondays. Wednesdays, Saturdays
and Sundays, at 9:C0 and ll:3o p. m.
SUNDAYS— 7:C0. *S:00. »9:00. •li):00. U:0O. 11:30
a. m.: 12:45. »l:30. 2:30. «3:45. 5:00. 8:00w 7:»
p. m.
11:00 a. m. does not run to San Rafael Sua»
days.
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 5:35. «*:30. 7:50. 8:40. »10:15 a.
m.; 12:S0. 1:15. 1:15. •»:30. 4:30. 5:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesday*
and Saturdays at *<:45 and 10:20 p. ra.
SUNDAYS-M5. »8:00. tH. «U:00 a. m.; *12:0U
m.; 1:00. 2:15 '3.30. 4:30. »5:43. «:45, 7:30. 10:W
P. m.
Trains marked (*) start from S«in Quentln.
FROM MILL VALLET TO SAN FRANCISCOk
WEEK DATS— 3:S3, 8:43. 8:01, 8:S5, 10:30 a,
m-: 12:S5. 1:43. 2:45. 3:30, 4:50. 5:20 p. ro.
EXTRA TRIPS on MonJays. Wednesday*
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:S0 p. m. *
SUNDAYS— 8:35. S.03. 10:05, 11:10 a. m.; 12:15,
110 2:30 3:43, 4:S3, 613, 7:03. 10:30 p. in.
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:90 a. m. week days— Cazadero and way stsu
tlonfl.
8:15 p. m- Saturdays— Caaadero and war sta-
tions.
8:00 a. m. Sundays— Cazadero and way sta-
tion?.
12:43 p. m. Sundays— Point Rerea and way sta-
tions. . r . ;,¦,;.¦
Santa Fe
Trains— Daily
Leave Mark it- street Ferry Depot.
Lvt. San Francisco. 9:00 a m|4:10 p m| i:00 j> ra
Arr E'ocktun 12:30 p m!7:15 p m 11:05 p n»
••" si«rc«d ........ 2:42 pm — — — 1:13 am
1 " Fresno -. 4:23 p m 1:05 a n»
i •• Vlsalla 8:00 p m 4:50 a o»
•• Tulare t:ZZ p m 6:1'J a m
•• Hanford 5:33 p m 7:04 a ra
•• Bakersfleld ... S:a0 p m 7:30 a n»
•* Denver 10:00 am ¦
" Kansas City... 5:15 p m
"* Chicago 7:40 am
" t a. m. train is the, Overland Expresa. Corr*>
¦pondlns train arrives at 8 p. rn. dally.
4:10 D. m. Is Stockton Local. Correapondlaj
train arrives 11:05 a. m. dally.
8:00 p. m is Fresno and Bakersfield Express,
with Sleeping Cars for both cities. Correspond-
tnc train arrives at 8 a. m. dally.
OFFICES— 841 Market st. and In Ferry Dvpot*
Baa HVm.nfla.pn; 111^ BrQadwa-V. Oaktan^
The company reserves the rlpht to changre
6tenmers, sailing dates and hours of sailing
without previous notice.
TICKET OKPICE-4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO., Gen. Agents.
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
For Ensenada. Mncdalena Bay San Jnse del
Cabo, Mazatlan. Altata, La Paz. Santa Rosalia
end Guaymas (Mexico)— 10 a. m., 7th of each
month.
For further Information obtain company's
folders.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey. San Simeon Caytt-
ccs. Port Harford (San Luis Oblspo). Gaviota
Santa Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme. San Pedro!
East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and Newport— 9
a. m.. September 2S, Oct. 2, and every fourth
day thereafter.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
' Steamers leave Broadway
r>w* wharf, San Francisco:
Igatijfc^ For Alaskan Ports— 11 a. m.
*W7J3SV_ September 2?. Oct: 4. %. Change
CVj&'twV^jk to company's steamers at t^e-
t?%i^\J!iAi For V1 ctnrin. Vancouver (B.
HgjSfc-^Sjgli C), Pert Townsend. Seattle
* Tacom.i. Everett. An.n^rt^s
and New Whateom (Wash.).
11 a. m.. September 2S O^t. 4
S and every fifth day thereafter. Chang* at
Seattle to this company's steamers for A'aska
and G. N. R'y: at Seattle or Tacoma to N P
R'y; at Vancouver to C. P. R'y.
Fcr Eureka. Humboldt Bay— 2 p. m.. Septem-
ber SO. Oct. 5. and every fifth day thereafter
For San Dle^o. stepping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Obi.ipo). Santa Barbara Port
Los Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles)— U a.
m., September SO, Oct. 4. and every fourth day
thereafter.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
C^"The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Eunday), at Walnut Creek, Contra Costa
County, on the 'arrival of the 7:30 o'clock a.
m. train fron San Francisco.
ZELNER- In this city, September 28, 1900. Eva,
beloved wife of the late William Zelner.
mother of' William J. Zelner, and sister of
Mrs. A. PhillipH, Mrs. Phoebe Lyons. Mrs.
Joseph Boscowltz and Barney H. • Phillips of
Nashville. Tenn.. a native o? London. Eng-
land, aced 03 years.
IDTrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 10:15 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of Porter & White, 122 Eddy street.
Interment, by train from Third and Town-
CT'The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the parlors of
Vnlente, Marlni & Co., 1524 Stockton street,
near Union. Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
WHITCOMB-In this city, September 2S, 1900.
at his residence, 3S14 Army street. Dr. Nathan
T. Whltcomb, beloved husband of C. E.
Whltcomh, and father of Sylvester, Edwin,
Pearl. Ruby. Ethel. Albert, Horace and Ru-
pert Whitcomb, a native of Illinois, aged 62
years 11 months and 5 days.
in^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 1929 Geary Btreet, between Steiner and
Pierce, thence to St. Boniface's Church. Gold-
en Gr.te avenue, near Jones street, for serv-
ices. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery by
carriage. I'lease omit flowers.
O'CONNELL— In Lincoln. Nebr., September 27.
1000, T. J. O'Connell, dearly beloved husband
of Clara A. O'Connell, a native of Rome,
New York. ¦
PHILLIPS— In Orants Pass. Or., September 8.
10r«. infant daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Ed
Phillips, aged 17 days.
STOLZ— In this city, September 28. 1900, Sophie,
beloved wife of George Stolz. and mother ot
Georce and William Stolz. a native of Ger-
many, aged £>C years 9 months and. 3 days.
C~7" Notice of funeral hereafter.
MADDEN— In this city, September" 2S. 1900,
Henry A.. Infant son of Henry A. and Char-
lotte II. Madden, a native of San Francisco,
a^ed 20 days.
MULLER— In this city. September 28. 1900,
Henry Joseph Muller, dearly beloved husband
of Margarttha Muller, beloved father of P.
J.. F. H.. Mary. Alvlna, Anthony. Elsie,
Walter F. nnr} Rena Muller. and brother of
Peter John Muller and Mrs. J. Berberich. a
native of Germany, aged FG years 1 month
and 6 days. A member of St. Peter's and St.
Paulus' Society of St. Boniface's Parish.
[C^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 9 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 14C3 Green street, thence to St. Brigld's
Church, where a solemn requiem mass will
be celebrated for the repose of her soul, com-
mencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
KHXTFrnLD— In this city, September 25, 1900.
Harriet Kentfield. relict of the late. John
Kentfield, and beloved mother of Edward K.
Kentfleld and Mrs. G. F. Smith, a native of
Oxford. England, aged 75 years and 3 months.
E7The funeral will take placs this day
(Saturday), at S:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 9 Walter street, thence to Mission
Dolores Church, where a solemn requiem
mass will be cplebrated for the repose of her
soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
KELLY— In this city. September 26. 1900. Mary,
beloved wife of Robert Kelly, mother of John
and Robert Kell}-, and sister of Bridget.
Hugh and James Rellly, a native of County
Fermanagh. Ireland, aged 37 years.
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
H. V. Fetersen & Co.. 22S McAllister street.
Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by elec-
tric funeral car.
KELLY— In this city, September 27, 1900. Mary
Kelly, sister of the late Julia Kelly and Mrs.
Annie Ghearty. and aunt of Mrs. P. Mcr
Donouch, a native of County Longford, Ire-
land, aged 76 years. (New York Herald and
Brooklyn Eagle please copy.)
(CyThe funeral will take place this day
(Saturday), at »:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of his son-in-law, E. W. Haughy, 327
First street, thence to St. Brendan's Church,
where a solemn requiem mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of his soul, commenc-
ing at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
Hl'ERNE— An anniversary requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of the soul
of the late L. E. Prosper Huerne at the
Church of Xotre Dame des Victoires. Bush
street, below Stockton, Monday, October 1,
comnu'neir.i: at 9:30 o'clock. Friends and
acquaintances are respectfully Invited to at-
tend.
JOHNSON— In this city. September 27. 1900,
Harry P. Johnson, a native of Sweden, aged
CO years.
ETTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral on arrival
the train at 1:30 o'clock p. m., from Third
ar.d Townsend streets, this day (Saturday).
Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
GILMORE— In this city. September 26, 1900.
Thomas, dearly beloved husband of Maria
Gilmore, and father of Patrick Gilmore, Mrs.
Pi. C. Munro. Mrs. E. W. Haughy, Mrs. J. S.
Forrest and Mrs. J. T. Cullen, a native of the
town of Galway, Ireland.
C^Frlends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend »e funeral this day (Saturday), at
Js:SO o'clock, lrom her late residence. £26 Har-
rison street, thence to St. Brendan's Church,
where a tolemn requiem mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of her soul, commenc-
ing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cress Ceme-
?e>-y. ,
BRUGUIERE— September 2S, 1900, at 1 p. m..
Emile A. Bruguiere, husband of Josephine
Sather Bruguiere, and father of Pcder Sather
Bruguiere, Emlle, Francis and Louis Bru-
guiere. (New York papers please copy.)
{CTNotlce of funeral will appear in later
papers.
BYRNE— In San Jose. September 26. 1900. at
hi?r late residence, Glen Brook Farm, Annie,
beloved wife of Garret J. Byrne, and mother
of Hessie. Katie, Robert J., Allen, Charles K.
and James II. Byrne, a native of Sydney,
Cape Breton. Nova Scotia, aged 66 years 3
menths and 7 days.
and Manuel Baglietto. a native of Italy, aged
42 years.
BECKMANN— In Paralso Springs. September
2S, 1300. Heinrich Beckmann. beloved hus-
band of Doras Beckmann, and father of
Gretchen, Sophie, Lizzie and the late Hans
Beckmann, a native of Bremen, Germany,
aged 53 years 9 months and 13 days. A mem-
ber of the German Kriegrr Verein.
ICFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1:15 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 1317 Steiner street, thence to B'-nai
B'rith Hall, 121 Eddy street, where funeral
services will be held, under the auspices of
the German Krieger Vereln at 2 o'clock. Cre-
mation Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
BEXTLET— In Berkeley. September 2S, 1900.
Rev. Robert Bentley, D.D., a native of Cam-
bridge, England, ased 62 years 4 months and
22 days.
BONQUOIS— In this city, September 27. 1900,
Emily A., dearly beloved wife of S. Oscar
Bonquois, youngest daughter of Catherine
Dugan, and sister of Hugh B. Dugan. Mrs.
A. J. Scandrett and Mrs. G. O. Abrahamsen,
a native of San Francisco.
REAL ESTATE— CITV— FOR SALE.
estate for sale by ~"
tugs, magkl; & sons.
a Montgomery.
•ACIFIC HEIOIKTS^D WESTERN ADDI-
/uy n^ V c<:iy?° raer> 4( * 1 -* 72 - 3 . "*«» view
na S r^renTTiew° ra^ erlooWlne b *> -? d •
sot be surpassed.
i| NXX «:-,. C h Ot Zr r; D °- Vara °n Vallejo. near Pre«i-
ftOOCa ma c Rin cent view, unobstructed; only
rh^'S. COrner v a"<*> and Etelner; 84:6x137:6;
Jt'«*rZf.Z£ 0TTi * r - &«" r B.uchanan; *S X 1S5; fln-
wt surroundings in the city.
oni^saSS™** ° n Cnlon and Brodertdc: 44xS0;
i-iSKSy^iffT^ °° rner on Unlon st - :
Corner on Filbert st. : 25x100; $1250.
-'^¦cars C^i^ 5 ' 103:3; 8t ~ et *>ltum«n«d:
BucbAnu and Pine; 55xSl:J; fine corner.
IVvisadero-st. corner; C2:€xlO6:3; cheap,
yorntr on Urecn st., near Polk. 20x100, for
t-4'Ht
N . 1 ~, corser Union ana Broderick: 27:6xl37:«.
t,i°M> ' corner «n Van Ness, above Vallejo;
rU . trfnf.
A f.r.e corner on Lagur.a Et. ; will pay well If
improved; «CjuOO; !<-(*».
NW comer on Green et.; fir.e sunny corner,
n. -6x100. for fXM.
A k»-vara corner on Filbert st. for only J5750.
Corner on DtvisRdero; fine residence corner;
rr.arir.e v'ett-; 4(*xJ00; J4EW.
Northeast corner of I^jmbard and Webster;
Z?:«xV20.
SW. corner on Lombard; 30x110; only $u.00.
<urr.»,- on Filbert St.; S7 3x100: only I2"*0.
Comer Lombard and Buchanan; 23x120; iliOO.
Clipap corner, only $1250; rtduced price; on
Weofier et.; 2oxlC0; one block from Cnion-st.
cars.
Corner on Masonic ave.; 31:3x100; JlSoO.
c*heap corner; fine view; Ridley; on side hill:
ST:SxM.4; Rid>y st. 6Pwer»d. bituniinlzed.
cranite curbinc; price only $16"<>.
Corner oa California Ft.; 32:6xl0i>: I15G0.
THOS. MAGEK & SONS.
Real Estate Agents.
5 Montgomery.
CLEAN INVESTMENTS. ""
AT A. M. SPECK & CO.'S, «7 MARKET ST.
1175,000 — PayF 6 per cent net; Market Bt. : one
tenant.
130,000— Pays 7 per cent; few blocks from
Chronicle.
$40.orifl— Pays J370: grand corner: all rented.
j4r.u00— Pays 8 per cent net: jjrand corner; one
tenant : lease S years.
t3n,nrt> — R^nts J":.2; new imjiroveinenta.
$25,000— Grar.j corner cf 3 stores and five flats;
few thicks from City Hill; all rented.
SZt. W0— Grand store property: 70 feet front;
rents $2ijO a month; all rented.
(17,500 — Grar.d investment: 40 leet front: near
Van N>fs ave. and McAllister st. ;
rents Jl«5.
J17.5CO— Grand corner; rents $165; 70 feet front.
on Main ct. •
J1S.5O0 — Rents $145: new Improvements,
f IP. OQM— Elegant flats, not far from Van \ns;
rents J1100; only vj cash; all rented.
$?.£00— Store projicrty on Fourth st.; one
unar.t.
13.000— Store property on Ninth St.. near Mar-
ket: very cheap.
fs.ooi^— Itents fTO; new flats near Van Ness ave.
K.«X»>— Post St.; three flats; rents $60.
*4,600— Four elegant flats of 4 rooms each
rents 140.
JS.Ct-O— Visslpn flats: rents $310 annually; near
Twenty-fourth Ft.
K.oOO— Store and fiat; near Union Iron Works;
rents $:;.
15.25ft— Cozy 5-room cottage on Castro st.
j:.20O— Rents JCS: Vallejo St.; worth (3500.
A. M. SPECK & CO.. CC7 MARKET ST.
A OEM for tody JJ«OO— New modern house of I
r.xims .anl bath; Fraud view of Dark and
ocean; eapy terms: »« cash, balance monthly.
See owner i>n premises. 1^24 Tenth ave., near
K «., district.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address in the
VrJted States or Canada one year for IL.
Hi! M. ESTATE — COIXTHY — For Sale
A« 'i ""RATE r*>rsonal knowledge — earn of the
Zf*H) ranches en my SALE and EXCHANGE
lift. M^re than all other agents* in this city.
N. D. SICKLES, the land agent. 6 Geary Bt.
FOR SALE OR REVT-Fine fruit, gTaln and
stock ranch. '2<-i airw. near bay. Address
If. I>.. box 22S6. Call office.
CITY property end farms eo'd cr exchanged ;
Hits tree. Marion Griffin. 719 Market, rm. L
HER KELEr ADYERtTsEMEXTS
DliUKELEV RKAL ESTATE.
|-BOO»R e?tta*re; lot 15x120 feet; »tre»t work
nil done; only 2 blcwks from station; price
jk.-rfi; terms to FUlt. Take B«rk*-1" train, get
r.Tt st Lorin and Inquire for BUI* ; -I'H, PKR-
KIN.S & LTON.
Z-ro^m ccttajre: high basement: lot 4SxlOO
Feet; only 2 blocks fr^m the station; price
1750: $100 cash and $10 per month. 'lake
Berkeley train, pet off at Lor'.n and Inquire
for RUDOLPH. PERKINS &. LTON.
'•H'E'JOS Is h'epgs." and there Is always a de-
mand for them; don't you want to raise,
chickens? We have a lot Just suitable for
that, frontire on three Ftreets; 130x270. and
only $15W; the opportunity of a lifetime. Ap-
ply to MASON &. McLENATHEN. adjoining
P. O.. Berkeley.
ALTA PCNTA TRACT— San Pablo ave.. 2
miles ncrth cf Berkeley; $150 to- 1250 pes acre;
lets ?C0 to $iro each: $5 a month; call fcr
r.p.x*. O. W. HAIGHT. 401 California St., S.F.
CHKAPKST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 r'S^'-s. sent to any audress In the
Vriitffl States or Canada one year for Jl,
pojrtsr* paid.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
FURNISHED or unfurnished house of S large
roorr.n end bath: sanitary plumbing; lot Mx
10f : "»-ntra! 1^>fatlnn Aptly 19th st.. Oakld.
OAKLASl- UOCaES TO LET.
COOD housts. Get list from GEO. W. AUS-
TIN &¦ CO.. 100S P,roa<iway. Oakland.
OAKLAND Kl:'MTini! FOR SALE.
AN Introduction to you from H. Scnellhaas, the
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
BARGAINS in Improved and unimproved Ala-
meda real estate In all parts of Alameda on
eary terms. Alameda Land Company. 1500
Park st.. Alameia: SO Port gt.. San Franclscc.
ALAMEDA ROOMS AXD BOARD.
WANTED— Gentleman end wife to board;
rlrasant home; near Park-st. station. 2214
Alameda ave.
rooms for iiousi:kkl:pi.\g.
liAnTLETT. 413— Large sunr.y rocms to let for
.-¦ ¦ r.e';..ifr. furnished or unfurnished.
fLAT 1421, near Klllmore — 2 larte unfurnished
roonis; upper flat; yard; water; rear; rent $7.
EDDY. €04—3 nicely furnished sunny front
rooms complete for housekeeping.
rCLL. Ill — Large «uitny room nicely furnished;
kitchen and bathroom attached.
HAP.RI?ON'. CC3-2 furnlshea housekeeping
rooms, with gas range; light and sunny.
liOWAKlj. 022«— 3 or 4 sunny rooms complete
for housekeeping.
DTDS, 1246-1 sunny unfurnished rooms, con-
necting; marine view; reasonable; parlor floor.
IVY ave.. 217, near Franklin— 2 very pleasant
rooms; ttove; rink; no children; $9.
MARKET, or.p. Fifth— Large room and kitchen
furnished; Voiding bed; gaa; $10. ?42 Kearny.
MARKET. 1?I4— Neat sunny room; folding bed;
large closet; $8.
MINNA. 222—2 cr I houeekeeplng rooms, fur-
r.lyhed complete; also runny double rooms.
OAK. IIS— Sunny Blna-le rooms furnished for
housekeeping. $3 so. $6 and $7 each.
OFARRELL, 742-Fulte of 3 rooms. 116; par-
lors. $22; rear suite,, $11; bath and phone.
SHIPLEY. 2M— Complete sunny housekeeping
rooms; double or slroele; rent reasonable.
TWO nicely furnished rooms for housekeeping.
with use of kitchen. Apply iiO2 Leavenworth.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch otnee. 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at l(6t
VaiescU. st-
Fnrn. and Unfnrn.
A 7 B . RLTN ' SWICK House. 148 Sixth-Rooms~25c
to $1 per night; $1 25 to $5 per week, and light
housekeeping; open all night
A QUIET and respectable home for light house-
keeping; sulteB»$16 up; bath; telephone. St. >
James. McAllister and Laguna. sts.
BURNETT, 1426 Market fold Na 13S4)-Fur-
nlshed rms.. suites, single; also unfurnished.
BUSH. 224 — Furnished sunny rooms, suits or
single. 2Sc per night up; transient.
BUPH. 520 (The Elk)— Changed hands; newly
renovated, nicely furn. sunny rms., $1 50 to $7
week; £5c to $1 50 night. MRS. P. RANFT.
CASTRO. 511—2 unfurnished rooms; modern;
rent H 50.
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, cor. Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
ELI. IP. C39. cor. Larkin— Sunny furnished front
room; doubh? folding bed: Welsbaeh lights.
ELLIS, 1SC3— 3 nicely furnished sunny rooms,
with eaf>. phone and use of piano if required;
bath; reasonable.
FELLA place. 10. off Powell, between Bush and
Pine— Funny furnished rooms with bath; reas.
FOLSOM, 965. cor. 6th (The Ollver)-New fur-
__nished eunr.y rms. single or suites; reasonable.
GRAND SOUTHERN, southeast corner Seventh
and Mission sts.— Sunny rooms, en suite or
sinple; ladies' parlor: reading-room; elevator.
HARRISON. 7S4H. near 4th— Finely furnished
I tunny rooms; bath; all home comforts; $1
we«k up.
j HAYES. 1S6. cor. Van Ness— Slr.gle sunny room
suitable for gentleman: rent $5.
HYDE, 407B— Furnished room; eunny; private
family.
LAHKIN. 707. near Ellis— Large rooms, single
or pulte; newly furnished: gas: bath: prlvatn.
LARKIN. S04 — Sunny single room, neatly fur-
nished, suitable for gent; $4 M.
LAS PAI.MAS. 1S20 Market St.— Suite of 2 or 3
rrr.s. : private; bath: sin. rms.: board optional.
LEAVENWORTH. 1521—3 rooms; private house;
upstairs; rent J10.
VcALI.ISTER. 819—2 nicely furnished sunny
rooms: running water: large closet: $6 and $S.
MINNA, COS — Large sunny furnished front room
to let.
MINNA. 731— A large sur.ny bay-window room;
rent reasonable.
MISSION. 1514, nr. 11th— Sunny front single
rocm; private family; $1 25 per week.
NEW ARLINGTON. 1015 Market St.— Nicely
furnished rooms. $2 a week up; 35c a day up.
OFARRELL. 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator: electric lights: day. wk., mo.
P.OPEDALE House. 319 and 321 Ellis St.— Rooms,
night ?5c to $1. week Jl 25 to Jl: open night.
ROYAL House, 126 Ellis st.-Incande*cent light:
reading room, smoking room and ladies' par-
Icr: rooms, per niclit. 35c to $1 50; week. $1 to
$«: month. JS to J20: elevator on ground floor;
rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 2S Eighth 6t., ,
near Market— Furnished or unfurnished.
SIXTH. 242— Nice sunny furnished rooms, en
5uit» or single; reasonable.
TAVIiOR, 611 (Norwood)— Furnished funny
suites; also single rooms; privilege of hkpg.
TAYLOR. 31S— Suite of rooms suitable for mar-
ried couple or 2 gentlemen; also 2 stnale
rooms; sun all day.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore St.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
FUhsrriftlons has been established at 10S6
Valencia et.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
United States or Canada one year for $1.
ROOMS A\D BOARD.
J GEARY. 2^7 — Rooms and board can be obtained
In private family; first-class accommodations;
references.
ROOMS and board at 2242 Fan Antonio ave.,
Alameda.
j EOARD and rooms at 415 First st., near Har-
i rlsnn.
ROOMS AXD BOARD WANTED.
! WANTED— Nice place In Protestant family for
| 2 children to board. Box JS14. Call office.
STABLES TO LET.
! LARGE Ftable ¦•/ith 3 stalls; suitable for coal-
j yard: good neighborhood: rent $10. 1519 Turk.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
I ROOMS papered from ?2 50; whitened. Jl up;
pair-ting done. Hartman Paint Co., 319 Third.
BAD tenants ejected for 14: collections made:
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO..
415 Montcomery st.. rooms 9-10: tel. 5580.
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
I ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged: re-
pairing lowest j-ates; open even. 205 4th st.
' EOL'GHT. sold, rented, repaired; needles and
shuttles; reduced rates. 145 Cth; phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought, sold and repairing guaran-
teed. Charles P!amt>eek. IS15 Mission, nr. 15th.
STORAGE AM> WAREHOUSES.
| BEKINS Van and Storaee Co., 722 Mission st.;
Tel. Main 1S40; shipping at cut rates.
WILSON BROS., storage and moving; covered
vans. Tenth and Market; phone South 762.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 1320 Flllmore St.; phone Jackson WL
TO LEASE.
FOR RENT— Fine coal yard. 12 stalls, very
bf-st location; will lease yard for (15 per
month; worth J25: office $5 month; large haul-
Ing wacon. J40; double set harness. J10; dog
cart. $19; fine buggy. Columbia make, $30;
sljrns and screens, etc., will go with yard.
2101 Central ave., Alameda.
TO let — Fine rooms suitable for light manufac-
turlng purposes. Apply at Ell Sansome st.
TYPEWRITERS AND SUPPLIES.
.GREAT BARGAINS IN TTPEWRTrERS^We
sell better machines for less money than any
house in the city: rentals. $3. The Typewriter
Exchange. £26 California; telephone Main 2C6.
ALWAYS bargains In typewriters; any make.
Write for orleea to L. & M. ALEXANDER.
110 Montgomery rt.
NEW typewriters. J5 down, 35 month payments.
REVALK. 409 California st
DIVIDEM) NOTICES.
DIVIDEND Notice^ — Dividend No. 10» (fifty
cents per share) cf the Oceanic Steamship
Company, will be payable at the office of the
company. 227 Market St.. on and after Mon-
day October 1. 1900. Transfer books, close
en Tuesday. September 25. 1900. at 3 o'clock
p. m. E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
MABBIAGE~LICENSEB.
The following mani&ge licenses were issued
yesterday:
Manuel A. Nunes, St 65 Jackson street, asd
Maria R. Guncalves, S6, ti5 Jackson street.
Jemes F. Otfcsldy, 21, 1618 Sutter street, and
Harriet C. McCurdy. 20, 1565 Market street.
Slemen Peters, 31. S468 Nineteenth street, and
Amal'e Schulre, 2L 291« Twenty-first street.
Frank A. Geendrot, 25, ?53 Howard street,
and Hanna H. Buckley, 80, S75 Folsom street.
BIRTHS— MARRIA&ES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent, by
mall will not be inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BOBN.
ANDERSON— In this city, September 20. 1S00.
to the wife of Gustaf H. Anderson (nee Nich-
olson), a son.
BAHNETT— In this city. September 27, 1900, to
the wife of M. J. Barnett. a son.
BETTS— In this city, to the wife of Arthur E.
B»tts, a daughter.
LYNCH— In Oakland,- Cal., September 26. 1900,
to the wife of John Lynch, a son.
O'CONNELL— In this city. September 21,' 1900.
to the wife of William O'Connell. a daughter.
~~ marbied! ~ ~~
MINIFIE— HOOE— In this city, September 2t.
l»C0. by the Rev. E. J. Lion. Charles O.
Minlfle and Alicia Hoge. both of Saa Fran-
cisco. (New York and Baltimore paper*
please copy.)
OREWILER-BEST— In Alameda, September
27. 1900, by the Rev. John Coyle. D.D., John
Orewiier and Beatrice Beet, both of Sao
Francisco.
~ DIED. —
Abrams. Cacandra Kelly, Mory
Baglletto. Olacoroa Kelly, Mary
Beckmann. Helnrlch Kentfield, Harriet
Bentley, Rev. Robert Madden, Henry A.
Bonquois, Emily A. Muller, Henry J.
Bruguiere, Emlle A. O'Connell, T. J.
Byrne. Annie Phillips (Infant)
Gilmore, Thomas Stolz. Sophie
Huerne-. L. E. Prosper Whltcomb. Dr. N. T.
Johnson, Harrv P. Zelner, Eva
ABRAMS— In this city, September 27, 1900.
Casandra Abrams, a native of West Virginia,
aged (34 years 2 months and 21 days.
BAGLIETTO— In this city. September 28, 1900.
Glacoma, dearly beloved husband of the late
Annie Baglletto, father of Baptlste, Willie
and Isabelle Baglletto, and brother of LouisRobert Husband has been appointed
superintendent of the coal agencies of rh»
Pacific Coast Company in^CaHfcrnJa
This, fact has been announced In a c r
cular letter sent out by J. d Farrel!
president of the company. The annK'
ment took effect on tne £th Inst. The of"
flee of manager In California
abolished upon the resignation oMnh W ? s
Howard. Mr Husbandf the Incumbent of
Kobert Husband Appointed
The dispute of the last meeting over
the attempt to exclude Deputy Superin
tendent of Schools Kingsbury from the
The board also renewed the certificate
of Miss K. Ball, special teacher of draw-
Ing. In the face of the Board of Examina
tion's recommendation that It be denied
because her credentials are deemed in
adequate. This matter will go to the
court for adjudication, as Superintendent
Webster will decline to sign Miss Ball's
salary demand.
The Board of Education granted two
special certificates yesterday, notwith
standing the unfavorable recommenda
tion of the City Board of Examiners,
which Is the legally constituted body to
investigate the credentials of applicants
applying for certificates. The first certifi
cate was Issued to Dr. Max
Magnus, who was thereupon ap
pointed director of physical culture at
a salary of $3000 per year. The Examina
tion Board had decided that the diplo
mas of graduation from the physical
culture school of Milwaukee, Wis., and
the Jefferson Medical College of Philadel
phia, held by Dr. Magnus, were not suffi
cient to allow the granting of a certifi
cate without an examination, because the
two institutions named were not accred
ited hy the State Board of Education ac
cording to the State law. Superintendent
Webster, however, came to tho conclu
sion that as Dr. Magnus would not di
rectly teach a class, but would supervise
the study, he did not need a certificate
from the board. The board thought dif
ferently and granted the certificate under
the provisions of the charter.
Applicants.
Issue Two Special Certificates to
BOARD OP EDUCATION.
On the heels of the ordinance mentioned
the board notified Chief Thomas of the
Bureau of Streets and Architect Monser
yesterday that when curbstones are re
moved for the replacement of others they
are the property of the city and to take
action accordingly. Commissioner Ma
gulre stated that no steps will be taken to
recover old material which heretofore has
been turned over to the property owners.
If at any time removed from said street, be
taken to the corporation yard, and there kept
and disposed of by the storekeeper In the same
manner as other supplies.
meeting was renewed, but In a milder
form.
When the roll was called Kingsbury
answered to the name of Superintendent
Webster, who was absent.
"I ob-ject." said Casserly.
"Objection sustained." rule'd Mark.
Thereupon Kingsbury said that he did
not come to create a disturbance, but was
present to represent his superior. Kings
bury was Interrupted by Casserly. who
asked If Webster was in the city, and by
Denman, who stated that he had seen the
Superintendent in the corridor five min
utes before. Kingsbury; ignoring the in
terruptions, cuoted from the State law
and rulings of the Supreme Court in de
fense of his position and suggested that
if the board persited in denying him a
seat it pass a resolution stating that
the Superintendent could not be repre
sented by a deputy. Denman bit at the
bait and presented the resolution, which
was thereupon adopted. Kingsbury will
now got to the courts and secure a writ of
mandamus compelling the board to recog
nize his authority to represent the Super
intendent. After further discussion Mark
stated that the opinion of the City Attor
ney would be asked to settle the contro
versy.
The resolution granting Mrs. A. S
Spreckels, a teacher in the Falrmount
School, a year's leave of absence was op
posed by Denman because the lady had
Informed him that she was not certain
whether she would return to her school
work.
"I won't stand for anything of that
kind. ' said Denman.
"According to the rules Mrs. Spreckels
Is entitled to a year's leave," said Cas
serly. The resolution was lost, Kincaid
and Denman voting against It and Cas
serly and Mark In favor.
Leave of absence was granted to Miss
Ida M. Roberts.
School Directors Ig
nore Examiners'
AuthoritD.
TWO OF THE CITY BOARDS
DEFY THE LAW'S PROVISIONS
Works Commission
ers Good to Prop
erty Owners.
•
The Board of Works submitted an or
<?:nance to the Supervisors yesterday pro
viding for the sale of old material wnich
is to be removed from a public street
when the renewal is to be at the city's
expense; also providing that when owners
of property at their own expense repave
I a public street the old material displaced
j in such repaving shall be subject to dis
posal by such owners.
This resolution, if adopted, will be In
direct violation of the charter, which says
that such material is the property of the
city and must be removed to the cor
poration yard. The City Attorney has also
rendered an opinion that the Board of
Works has no power to give such material
to a property owner, even though better
material should be substituted.
The proposed ordinance is in two sec
tions, the first providing that if the old
material in the judgment of the City En
i gineer cannot be stored or economically
• used the Board of Works is authorized to
cause the same to be sold at public auc
tion and the proceeds paid to the City
Treasurer and placed in the general fund.
I The second section exempts all cases
I where the owners of property at their own
expense shall repave the street, and pro
vides that the old material displaced shall
be subject to the disposal of such owners.
The section continues:
In case of the proposed removal of old curb&
for th* purpose of substituting new granite
curbs or coping the tali board may ftrant per
mission for the substitution and disposal by the
owner of such curbir.
•The section -of the charter relating to
old material which Is In direct-contradic
tion to the ordinance follows:
All cobble-stones, or stone blocks or other ma
tertale. with which any street or portion of a
street may have been pared or planked, shall.
An Insolvent Farmer
Eher Ward Potter, a farmer residing at
Campbells, Santa Clara County, filed a
petition in in^olvenoy In the I'nited
Statfs District <"ourt yesterday. He owes
STfOfi 41 and he has no assets.
United States District Judge de Haven
announced yesterday that several crim
inal cases on the calendar of his court set
for trial next week would bo continued
for the reason that he expected to be en
gaged elsewhere until the middle of Oc
toher.
Federal Cases Continued.
The rase of William Tyndell. alias A.
C A'iams. who advertised for a collector
and represented hims»-]f as M. Stone of
the Pan Pedro and I X L Dairy Company.
was f-allr-d before Judtre Cor.lan yesterday.
His attorney nv-ved for a di5=mi.--:=al of the
case. a« signing another man's name to a
note asking him to call and see him could
not be construed into forgery. The Judg<>
continued the case till Mnnday. and mean
time the District Attorney will took into
the matter.
Tyndell May Go Free.
Dr. Beverly Cole, however. Is an office
holder of the old-fashioned school and
while his motives are not Impugned a re
flection Is cast on the administration of
the Coroner's office and Dr. Cole Is Cor
oner. The Insinuation Is spread out that .
the office is in collusion with McNab and
Sims to hog the estates of the dead. If
proof can be adduced • to establish the
truth of the statement touching such col
luslon It will go far to disrupt the Dem
ocratic party, of which McNab and Sims
are brilliant members, but It will not nec
essarily dim the luster of the Morgue
The fight now on In the Democratic par
ty of this town surely presents many pic
turesque and fantastic features. At first
glance the superficial beholder may get
the impression that the contest Is un
equal, as Hearst has three papers and
Dr. Cole only one morgue, but perceptive
students will observe that the Morgue Is
modern and up to date, hence to the dis
cerning mind the aspect of Inequality is
removed.
Onlookers who are expecting a fight at
close quarters will be disappointed
On the part of the \*cw York adversarr
the fight will be conducted over a lone
leased wire. Hearst may adv/nce from
Ne^. ork . to Chlcaero to attack McNab
and Sims, but he will cautiously keep ou*
rw!f r ra "n e °£ P r - £ olc - Our esteemed
Coroner. Dr. Cole, has resided In San
Francisco for more than a half century
He wa f elected to the office of Coroner by
his fellow-citizens at the first election un
der the new charter. Ht knows his rlehts
and knowing them dares to maintain
them. He is justly oroud of the Monroe
and when It Is assailed bv a rival lrUtliV.
tion he will resent the assault; lns »lu-
It Is all right, perhaps, in a fashion by
mild Insinuation for a Democratic news
paper to convey the Impression that Gavin
McNab and State Senator J. C. Sims,
leaders of the Democratic organization
for purity and reform, are loiterine
around the Morgue to snatch away an
estate from the Public Administrator. In
terpreted according to boss notions of
good local government this means that
Sims and McNab are trespassing upon
the preserves of Boland, the Public Ad
ministrator.
Then came the threats of a personal
visitation from Hearst. Democrats who
are taking an Interest In the party quar>
rel incline to the opinion that the talk of
Hearst coming in person Is a bold bluff.
They say that he will not come to Cali
fornia until Dr. R. Beverly Cole, the
¦worthy Coroner, leaves the State. It Is
true that San Francisco is a large and
expanding town, but It Is not sufficiently
larpe or expansive for the Jbint presence
of the Coroner and Hearst.
Delegates to the Democratic municipal
convention not only refused to obey the
decree of the foreign boss but treated the
New York orders with contempt and de
rision by giving Dalngi:rfield a nomination
by acclamation.
Circulation has been given to a rumor
that Boss Hearst of New York will arrive
in San Francisco within the next week.
Recently the non-resident boss gave or
ders that W. R. Daingerfleld should not
be nominated for Superior Judge by the
Democratic convention. The leaders of
the local Democracy were told that dls
ruption of the organization would in
stantly follow If the orders relating to
Daingerfield were not executed to the let
ter.
Orders "Were Given to Defeat Dain
gerfield for Superior Judge or
Disrupt the Organization.
WAR IN DEMOCRATIC CAMP.
Saturday is News letter day. and this
Issue :s well up to the mark. The Town
Crier is in his best bitterness and toasts
the rognf s to a deep dark brown. The
Locker On is rich with timely stories and
fetching jir.ple. and the fditorials. para
jrraphs and stories are as vigorous as
ever. •
To-Day's News Lstter.
Mrs. Zva Zelner, After Several
Weeks' Illness, Dies at St.
Luke's Hospital.
Mrs. Eva Zelner died yesterday at St.
Luke's Hospital. She had been 111 for
several weeks and her death was not un
expected.
Mrs. Zelner was the wife of the late
William Zelner and resided at 14 McAllis
ter" street. She had been a resident of
San Francisco for the past thirty-five
years. She was a most estimable
woman and her death is a source of much
sorrow to a large circle of friends.
Mrs. Zelner was a native of London,
where she was born flfly-nlne years a«?o.
The funeral will be held Sunday at 10:30
a. m. from the undertaking parlors at 122
Eddy street.
AN OID RESIDENT OF
THIS CITY PASSES AWAY
Quarters in Sail of Justice.
The Supervisors PuMic Buildings Com
mittee assigned quarters to the criminal
departments In the Hall of Justice yester
day. The basement and the first floor and
ro<->f will lv> occupied by the Police De
partment. The second finer was assigned
to the police reporters, warrant clerk and
Sheriff. The Grand Jury, chambers of
Superior Ju^jres and two jxMty jury rooms
wi!l be locatf-d <m tho third floor.
Mrs. Henry T. Scott looked very hand
some as a nasturtium in a gown of yel
low net over yellow satin, trimmed in
velvet nasturtiums.
The lily family was well represented.
Mrs. Henry Crocker wore a magnificent
gown of real lace trimmed with gorgeous
tiger lilies. Mrs. Jack Casserly showed
the loveliness of the Bermuda lily, and
Miss Isabclle Kittle was a charming 3t.
Joseph lily.
Fruit costumes made up in originality
what they lacked in numbers, and most
beautiful of them all was Mrs. E. D. Rey
lard. who was gowned to represent a
cherry.
Mrs. W. Frank wore an exquisite pansy
gown of embroidered yellow mull, over
yellow satin with bunches of velvet pan
sles scattered over it in artistic desipn.
Miss Therese MorKap attempted the dif
ficult task of representing a hyacinth and
succeeded in showing the flower in all
Its colors. The texture of her gown was
Iipht as Rossamer and shaded from deep
pink to lavender.
Miss Alice Schussler was the modest
Miss Mary Scott was there as a narcis
sus. The foundation of her gown was
white satin completely covered with
white tulle. Narcissus stalks were ar
ranged apron fashion on the skirt, the
flowers drooping from them in a lifelike
manner. The corsage was also trimmed
in narcissus blossoms and stalks.
Queen rose in the rosebud garden of
girls was Miss Edna Hopkins. There
were twelve white roses flitting among
the flowers, but Miss Hopkins easily
queened it over them all. Her short skirt
was completely covered with white silk
rose petals, and pendent in each one was
ftn imitation dewdrop. The bodice was
fashioned to represent the rose petals,
springing from a calyx of green.
Mi.=s Carolan's gown faithfully followed
the delicate beauty of the wild rose. Miss
Genevieve Carolan was very dainty in a
white gown garlanded with apple blos
soms.
The platform from which the profes
sionals entertained the select guests of
Mrs. Carolan was erected at the entrance
to the carriage-house and illuminated by
a column of lights stationed on a plat
form on the opposite side of the yard.
The gowns of the ladies vied in color
and beauty with the dazzling lights that
flooded the grounds and the villa. Much
originality was exercised in the fashion
ing of the gowns and there was scarcely
a flower that did not serve as an inspira
tion for the costume ot some bud, belle or
matron.
Mrs. Frank Carolan wore an elegant
gown designed from the American Beauty
rose. It was made in Paris and the idea
was exquisitely carried out.
moved through the stately measures of
the dances of that period.
Mr. and Mrs. George Pope. Captain and Mra.
Payson. Princess Poniatowskl, Mr. and Mrs.
Willis Polk, Mr. and Mrs. Carter P. Pomeroy.
Miss Peyton, Mr. and Mrs. William C. Peyton,
Mr. Phelan. AVilllam Page, \V. Bruce Porter,
Lynch Pringle, Horace. Platt.
Major Rathbone. Gerald Rathbone, Miss
Elene Robinson. H. W. ReddlnRton.
Mr. and Mrs. Henry Scott, Miss Mary Scott,
Lawrence Scott. Walter Scott. Mr. and Mrs.
It. P. Sehwerin. Miss Schussler, Miss Alice
Schussler. Dr. and Mrs. Sherman, Mr. and Mrs.
Knight Smith, Harry Slmpklns, K. C. Btowell,
Henry Stetson, Mr. Sessions, Miss Cora Smed
burs:. Miss Sidney Smith. Miss Hertha Smith.
Mrs. William F. Tlmlow. Mr. and Mrs. Wil
liam Hinekley Taylor. Miss Carrie Taylor.
William Taylor, Philip Tompklns, Miss Fran
ces Taylor, MIfs Molly Thomas, Dr. Harry
Tevis.
Francis ITnderhlH.
Mr. and Mrs. R. J. Woods. Alfred Wilcox.
Lieutenant Wlnahlp of the Iowa.
Mr. and Mrs. McAllister. Mr. and Mrs. Elliott
McAllister. Mr. and Mrs. D. T. Murphy. Dr.
nnd Mrs. MaoMonagle. Mr. and Mrs. Percy
Moore, Miss Morgan, Miss Therese Morgan.
Mips McKinstry, Clarence McKinstry. MifrB
McXutt, Miss Ruth McNutt, Dr. Maxwell Mc-
Nutt, Edirar Mills. Dr. and Mrs. Bcwdltcli
Morton. Mr. and Mrs. Walter McCreary. Peter
Martin, Walter Martin. Lansing Mizner, Col
onel and Mrs. Maus, Latham McMullln, Mr.
McKee, Bishop and Mrs. Nichols, MIf« Mary
Nichols. Mr. Nichols.
Mr. and Mrs. James Otis, Herman Oelrlchs,
Frank Owen.
Winfield Jones.
Mr. and Mrs. Kruttschnitt. Miss Isabel Kit
tle, Allen Kittle.
Mr. and Mrs. George Lent. Miss Kthel Lin
coln. Miss Law, John Lawson.
W. H. Howard. William Howard. Edward
Howard. Mr. and Mrs. Osmond Hooker. Mr.
and Mrs. Robert Hooker, Robert Hooker. JudRP
and Mrs. R. Y. Hayne, Mr. and Mrs. Puncan
Hayne, Mr. and Mrs. Jerome Hart, Edward
Hopkins. Miss Hopkins, Miss H«(t»r. Miss
Kthel Hacer. Miss Houghton, Mr. Housrhton,
Heaton. R. C. Harrison.
violet. Her gown of white chiffon over
white satin was delicately trimmed with
velvet violets.
Miss Lulu Sehussler wore an exquisite*
wild rose gown. Miss Ella Morgan's
gown was a very li.olike copy of the or
chid. Miss Mollie Thomas and Mrs. Dan
iel Murphy were both in poppy costumes.
Among those present were:
LawBon Adams.
Mr. and Mrs. E. D. Hcylan. Mr. and Mrs.
Oeerpe Hoyd, Mr. and Mru. rtuford. William
rtyrne. The mas Dreeze. Sam Bonrdmnn. T. B.
ri°rry, I-ieutPnant Bulwer of the Iowa, Miss
Boss, Rol>ert U. Hettner.
Mr. and Mrs. H. Ij. folomnn, Mr. and Mrs.
John B. Cassfrly. Joseph Cudahy, Miss Crock
ett. Mr. «rd Mr?. H. .1. Crooker. Miss Collier,
MiFs Parnh Collier, Mlrn CadWalladcr. George
CadTV&llader. Albert Caflwallader. Mr. and Mm.
Sidney Cuphlnfc. Frederick Coon.
r>r. do Marvin*. Thomas Orlsonll, Mr. and
Mrs. Albert Dibblee.
Mr. and Mrs. An«el Easton, Mr. and Mrs.
Eells.
Mr. and Mrs. Alfred Ford. Stro. F. P. Frank.
Chriftian Froellch. Dr. and Mrf>. Foute. Mr.
and Mrs. J. D. Grant, Mr. and Mrs. Charles
Green.
ity of Mr. and Mrs. Francis J.
Carolan last evening et their Eurl'.r.game
villa. "Crossways."
Although the gathering was to celebrate
the openinpr of the new Carolan stables
the function was really held In the- barn.
For a week past an anr.y of electricians
and florists had been engaged on the placG
and the result was a glittering palace of
light and floral beauty. "Crossways" em
braces 10) acres of rolling land, in the
midst of which stands the mansion. The
entire estate had been converted by the
landscape gardener into a forest of shrubs,
lawn and flowers. Every avenue was
strung with Japanese lanterns. No less
than five thousand cf these decorations
were used, while on the exterior and in
terior of the barn 3000 incandescent..elec
tric lamps cast their brilliancy every
where. The combined capacity of the
electric light plants of San Mateo. Red
wood City and Palo Alto was taxed to
their utmost capacity to furnish the cur
rent necessary for the illumination, a di
rect wire running from each power sta
tion.
The stable is built in the form of a
quadrangle, with a courtyard of about
one acre in exte-nt. and for t!ie dance last
evening the latter wns covered with can
vas. In the center of the court was
erected for the occasion an electric foun
tain which throughout the evening dis
ported its vari-colored streams for the
edification of the Kuests. On the westerly
#>nd of the court is the carriage-house,
painted a pure white with trimmings of
pold, while red. white and blue electric
ligjits without number ¦were strung about
the room.
As the cotillon progressed these lights
were ever changing, and as the guests in
their brilliant costumes representing all
manner of fruits and flowers passed to
and fro they formed a strikingly pictur
esque and beautiful picture.
The outline of the exterior of the entire
group of structures was marked by count
less numbers of electric globes, which
thining against a black background of the
eky. produced a dazzling effect.
A special train of Pullman coaches ar
rived at Burlingame shortly after i?
o'clock and the guests found that the
depot platform had been canvas covered
for their benefit. Between the depot and
"Crossways," a distance of two miles, arc
lights had been placed at frequent Inter
vals.
At midnight supper was served at tete
a-tete tables, placed <•:» the verandas
which encircle the courtyard, and during
the supper th*» guests were entertained
alternately by the band of fifty pieces and
by the fancy dancing of a corps of
artists.
The dancers, gowned to represent the
poppy, the marguerite, the lily and the
rose, went through a series of attractive
evolutions, after which, attired In the pic
turesque costumes in vogue in 1*50. they
WOMEN in gorgeous gowns copied
from nature's garden and men in
pink coats or correct evening
dress enjoyed the lavish hospital-
MRS. FRANK J. CAROLAN,
HOSTESS AT THE UNIQUE
BARN DANCE.
| MR. FRANK J. CAROLAK.
MASTER OF THE CROSS
i WAYS.
I
The two CommlssinnTs saw that Wella
m^ant business, and after assuring him
that no one wanted to fipht with the
Auditor discreetly retired from the scene.
Wh«n seen afterward Commissioner
Freud said there was nothing in the nro
tost and the m:ittor wfiuld be dropped.
"Th' so men.*! said Welle, "were dis
yjil^se.] because- there was no more work
fir them. Thr-y then >et about raising a
disturbance and thought to have the Au
ditor removed. I desire to notify you
Kentlomen that not one of them will be
sfrain omployed by me as long as I am
.Auditor."
" Audif-r Well? was waited on vo.-;?rday
r>y Qrti Service ConjmlKionerfl Freud and
Quinn r^garUing a protf^t iY.e'l by a nam
r» t < T civil *ervicf- temporary Herts who
ha'i been employed on the assessment
rn'ilf ;jni fllsmiswed on Wednesday. The
protest alleged discrimination in that the
rivi; service clerks had beer, let out while
others not on the eligible list were re
tainrd.
Auditor Wells spoke very plainly to the
tv.<> Commissioners and classed the pro
te^irie <!crks a;- disturbers.
Wells Notifies Commissioners Hz Will
Uot Again Employ Disturbers.
BAREED BY THE AUDITOR
Villa arvd Qrovmd.s /\re
Flooded WitK Col
ored Lights.
Ladies ir\ Qorgeovjs
Gcstumes &r\d Mer\
m pirxU Goats.
Mr. ard Mrs. Francis d. Garolarv Gelebrate ir\ Most
Elaborate Fashiorv the Opening of Their
JMagnificent NeW Stables.
Deuprey closed "the argument for the
people. Judge Burnett charged the jury
and it retired to deliberate upon a verdict.
Assistant District Attorney Deuprey
opened the argument for the prosecution.
Attorney Lennon of the firm of Lennon &
Hawkins, representing the defendant, fol
lowed. .. Mr. Lennon pointed out to the
jury the fact that under an indictment for
obtaining money by false pretenses a con
viction could not be had unless the allega
tions of the indictment were proved in
toto by two witnesses or by one whose
testimony was corroborated throughout
by secondary evidence. Radomsky, he
caid. was the only witness under this rule
and his testimony was not supported. Mr.
lennon also pointed out to the jury that
tho order dated October 14 called for pay
ment for twenty days' labor. Bier &
Resrensberger both admitted that when
they purchased the order they knew it to
be an Impossibility for a person to have
worked twenty days in October when only
fourteen days were evidenced by the or
der. This, Mr. Lennon said, was conclu
sive that the brokers were not the vic
tims of false pretenses, but bought the
order with their eyes open.
"I signed these orders in blank." said
McGlade, "that the clerks might fill them
out. I sijrned many of them at a time. I
did not fill out the orders, as is charged."
McGlade was placed on the stand in his
own defense. He admitted that the sig
natures on the orders of September 16 and
October 14. on which Bier & Regensber
ger advanced money to J. R. Radomsky,
were his. He denied, however, that he
filled out the forms.
H. II. Colby and former Chief of Police
Lees were called by the prosecution when
the case opened yesterday morning. They
testified as to MeGlade's arrest anil then
the prosecution closed.
Charges of forgery yet stand against
McGlade. Whether or not he will be
placed on trial again, however, is a mat
ter for speculation among those interested
in the case.
It was -said that the jury .held the opin
ion that the brokers who advanced money
on the orders on which McGhiuVs prose
cution was based were not the victims of
false pretenses, and that when they ac
cepted an order calling for pay for twenty
days' labor in one month, when the order
was dated on the 14th of that month and
could not possibly legally call for pay tor
more than fourteen days, they did so at
their own risk and with full knowledge of
the risk involved in their purchase.
After the verdict had been announced
McGlade shook his counsel warmly by the
hand, bowed his thanks to the Jurors as
they filed out of the box and then turned
to accept the congratulations of his
friends.
Peter W. McGlade has been adjudged
"not guilty" of the charge of obtaining
money under false pretenses charge!
against him hy the people. Yesterday aft
ernoon at 4:30 the jury retired to deliber
ate on a verdict. An hour and a half latei
the bell announced that a verdict had been
reached. It was one of acquittal.
• c
Forgery Charges Stand Against Ac
cused, but There Is Speculation
as to Whether He "Will Be
Tried Again.
Did Not Believe Brokers
Were the Victims of
False Pretenses.
PETER McGUDE
ACQUITTED BY A
TECHNICAL JURY
English is at present i-tnse rarpenter
Columbia Theater, and utif ;i mem
fc< r of t!i^ First <"a!iforria Rcginicrjt dur
ir.s U*e I'hi'ippine campaign.
A *'i;Scyc!" Mult Cor i»o" uort mut«
testimony 10 tho truth of the statement.
]nin:ni:a'.(!y after the nuptial kn-u had
been ueoareljr tir-d the couple Jumped
on {heir whp.-! a»><i mrd" "sck" *nr '*
¦Tiburon terry, but not before they had
],, <¦¦) ;ho« • ! • <: willi ¦ c< _..
bilca by fifteen Eriendi who were present
at tne ceremony. It v.as an affectionate
wrddiaS fJarty. everybody ki^sins th«*
!• rxeepi '.he JuCci-. The latter said
that Sliss Br-angenberg wiss the shyest
and coyest bride h«» had ever married,
Bnd Bctcd more as thcrasrb t-hf were soinjt
to bavi ¦ tti'th pul!ed than being: joined
to the man of her choice.
JuFtirr of the Trace Kerrigan performed
¦ somewhat uniijue marriage ceremony
in his <¦¦ urtrooQi yesterday raurr.iiiK wbea
he IoujH the hearts and hands of Allen
Harry Ktv-Jlish an>i Udm A. Spanci-n
hfrc. mrhii were attirt-d In their bicycle
oos:::n.< s. Tlie unconventional dress »;is
rx; .¦:•:< d by the newly madt- and hd;ji>y
husband, v.h<- ikald that he and his equally
happy v ife irould :>a''s thHr honeymoon
on a blcyde trip to Puncans Mills.
3Iiss Helma A. Spangcnberg and Al
len Harry English Wedded and
Then Leave for a Tour on
a Tandem.
Stood Before Judge Kerri
gan Id Quaint Cycling
Garb.
BRIDE WAS COY
AND HER BRIDAL
COSTUME UNIQUE
FRUIT AND FLOWER DANCE IN
THE BARN AT THE "CROSSWAYS"
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL., SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 29, 1900.
With army officers Jesse Moore "AA" whis
key is a very popular drink. .
14
DR.MCNULTY.
rvrtlSWErX-KNOWN AXDRKLtABI-E OLD
.1 Specialist cure* RIcxmI Poison, Oonorrhce».0l<'eJ»
Ktrictur«\ Neniliuil Weakness, Impotence and ' helf
allied Disorders. Hook on Dlseanes of Mod. frra.
OT«T20ye.-»rVesper««»nee.Term« reasonable. Hours
»tr>3flally;8:30toS.30«>v I gv Sondj»7«.10tr>li C»n»ul-
tatlon free and sacredly conflden u»L Call or address
Come Ju9t to See
Great ArtsiIiBOrtiBjItjCt
MO Grant are., bet. Sutter and Post.
SA1 Market st.. opp. Powell «t.
U Market «.. Juno. California. _
OUR BRANCH STORES EVERTWHEKR
Ladies* tailor-made suit*, silk skirts, fur
capes; liberal <r*<lit. M. Rothschild. 52S Sutter. •
Good Time and Place to nn)
Teas, Coffees,
Spices, Extracts,
Soda, Baking Powder
r^A
JJmany GlVd! A 1 VW
Bet. Taylor and Jones.
I Manufacturers of Woman's and Chll-
1 dren'a Wear retailed at Wholesale Trices.
1212-1214 MARKET ST.,
Ask to see our $2.50. $3.00, $4.00, $5 00 or
$0.00 CHILD'S CLOAKS OR JACKETS
We'll then easily convince you that we're
selling them far below the prices quoted
elsewhere. .
7,-M" for COVERT CLOTH OVER-
SKIRTS, repular prices of these skirts
are from $1.25 to $1.50.
WE ARE HEADQUARTERS FOR
CHILDREN'S CLOAKS. JACKETS AND
HEADWEAR.
All our 35c, 40c and 50c DOUBLE MESH
VEILINGS, your choice to-day at
• — il r»c yard
WHATEVER IS LEFT of OITR -"w
SI .00 and »1 .2.' COLORED SHIRT
WAISTS, YOUK CHOICE TO-DAY
AT - ••• 35c
VEILINGS
!{)«? for WOMAN'S HEAVY UNDER-
VESTS. Ions sleeves; come in ecru or
gray; sold all over from 25c to 35c. .
ONE KNIT VST SPECI4L
lfiUc for WOMAN'S HOSE. Hermsdorf
dye, Richelieu ribbed or plain.
1 7<« for WOMAN'S HOSE that cannot
be bought elsewhere under 25c.
12^«« for WOMAN'S WHITE FOOT
HOSE, regular 20c quality.
1»%C for CHILDREN'S FINE RIBBED
HOSE worth 20c pair.
A Few Goad Things in Hosiery
To-day we've taken all our $5.00 and
$5 50 SILK WAISTS, made of best taffeta.
beautifully trimmed, and cut the price to
.S3.7,*»
SILK WAIST SPECIAL
J)Sc tnr FliANNKI/ETTE WRAPPERS.
braided Lretelles, flounced or plain
skirts: regular price $1.25. ,
«>S<« for PERCALE WRAPPERS, neatly
trimmed, waist and sleeves lined; sold
elsewhere at $1.50.
Sl.2.1 for PERCALE WRAPPERS.
elaborately trimmed with braid and
lace; worth $2.00.
SI .4 8 for VICUNA FLANNEL W'RAP-
" PERS. the kind you pay $2.25 for all
over town.
All our wrappers are cut extra wide In
tho skirt. Sizes 32 to 46.
SALE OF
Woman's Wrappers
Th<» Chiracn Tailoring Co. has removed
to 113 and US Grunt avo. Credit. •
English Breakfast. Uncolored Japan.
Oolong. Regular 10c lb.
IMPORTED 8ARDiaES. 3 etas M«
Limit 6 cans. Regular 12Hc can.
Send for Monthly Pric« List. Free.
Country Orders Promptly Attended To.
Freight paid by us when within ltf» mlU*
1348-1354- MARKET STREET
Opd. ah. Phone S. 31 No Branch Stores.
Limit 2 sacks. Regular 95c.
TABLE FRUITS. Ixti» Qaility. 3 emi S0»
New pack. Peaches. Aprtcot».
Pears. Limit 6 cans. Regular Bo can.
OLD PORT AND SHERRY, bot «•
6 Bottles n. Regular 40c bottle.
NEW CEASON'S TEAS, lb «•
Rich and usellow. Regrular $1 50
MARTIN'S Eastern Cream CHEESE... 15c
• Extra choice. Regular 23c lb.
CHOICE FA MILT TL0U*. 50-lb «»fl k 83d
The Beat Eastern Hams. Rejrular 15c lb
FINEST CREAMERY BUTTER, square. -50c
Good Butter is a delicacy and can
only be obtained at bl? prices—
V.> Klve the best and ask the
least. Try and be convinced.
RciMlar «f>c square.
BEST Gir YEGGS, dozen 321:
Our Ecffs are gathered daily
from the Mission. Regular *Vr.
PETALUMA Extra Cho'ce E66S 2?Ja
W> guarantee every Esr*. Regular 27H?
FAIRBANJ^OLO DUST, 3-lbpkg..l5c
SALaTdreTsing. large bot 25s
My Favorite. Regular 33c
CLARKE'S Pure R.ie WHISKEY, bot. .$1.00
Bottlrd In Bond. 10O proof.
AnVKH.TTSMMTTrTTa.
Special Bargains Saturday and Monday.
ARMBUR'S Sircar-cured HAMS 12k
St. Paul's Church at the Assembly Hall
at Twenty-ninth and Church streets. Th*
hall and booths are very tastefully dec-
orated by the ladies of the parish anil
everything points to the fair being one
of the most successful events of this kind
given in the city. To-night there will be
a special musical programme. Including
vocal selections by Ed Moore, the popular
barytone Arrangements have been made
to enteruiin all visitors and everybody Ij
assured a good time.
Hale's.
Hale's.
WITH
St. Paul's Bazaar.
To-night the prand fancy bazaar will
ouen in aid ofthe building fund In aid o"
"Windsor Hotel, centrally located 9CS \r»-b.»
cor. Fifth; II 60 day up: rL. ifi^^^S
P. ROHCOE JIcXUI/TY. 31. D.
30,'i KearuySt., fcan i'rauclsco, C'£5.
our old store is
to=day
1 I
I I
our new store
next Monday, October 1st
I Our new I
R I \ you rent a poor piano at $3 a B
Ke month and keep it for five? year;. Cj
-D \ on will have paid $180 and at the B
R end own no piano.
B 1 1 you rent an ordinary piano it
B $4 a month and keep it for five i
R years, you will have paid $240 and
ra at the end own no piano.
M If you rent a fair piano at $5 a
Li month and keep it for five years;
ji you will have paid $.}oo and at the
fj end own r.o piano. !
H But -if you get a eood brand
fj new piano guaranteed by the
|] manufacturers and ourselves, and
[I valued at $.^oo. from us on our 1
H new rent contract plan, and pay I
y $/» 2 month for 62 months, you |
? 1 will have paid $373 and at the end cj
H of that time the niano is vours. B
[a Don't you think it better to pay p
j $1.25 a month for the use of the n
, p'r-" o than $.}, $4 or $5? I?
i Xote. — For obvious reasons, we R
' confine the sale of pianos on our |
t !vw rent contract plan to the K
I citi^ ?rd suburbs where our Eg
* st<ire> *re located. t|
1 W
I Sherman, Clay & Co. 1
B Cot. Keamy ar.<1 Putter ste.. S. K. gj
(J *~nr. 1"?th «rtd Broadway. Oakland. (5
k^' Or 8<i and Morrison tsts., Portland. Ea
fj 7]J Fecond ave.. So»ttle. [3