Passes Over Imperialism, Reviews Planks in the
Democratic JPIatform and Renews - Pledge
Not to Seek Second Term.
MR. BRYAN DODGES THE
"PARAMOUNT" ISSUE IN HIS
LETTER OF ACCEPTANCE
(Continued . on' Second '¦ Page.)
INSTRUCTIONS TO THE
PHILIPPINE COMMISSION
President McKinley Advises Regard
ing the Future Government of
the Islands.
WASHINGTON. Sept. 17.— The. instruc
tions of President McKinley to the Philip- ;
pine Commission were made public here
to-day. They brar the date of April '7,
1900, and are addressed to the Secretary of
War. At the outset the President says:
"It Is probable that the transfer of au
thority from military commanders to
civil officers will be gradual and will oc
cupy a considerable poriod. Its success
ful aocompltehmont and the maintenance '¦
of peace and order in the meantime will
require the most perfect co-operation be- |
twet-n the civil and military authorities In
Iht; islands and both should be directed
during tha transition period by the samo
executive department. Tlie commission
will therefore report to the Secretary of
War and all their action will be subject
to his approval and control."
The President instructs that on Septem
ber 1. 1900, that part of the power of gov
ernment of the Philippines which Is of an
executive nature shall pass from the mil
itary governor to the commission. Of the
duties of the latter he says that without
hampering them with too specific instruc
tions, they should be enjoined* first, to
establish municipal .arovernments, giving
to the natives the opportunity to manage
their own local affairs to the fullest ex
tent of which they are capable and sub
ject to the least degree of supervision and
control consistent with the maintenance
of order, and second, tc extend the gov
ernment by the natives to the large t ad
ininistra-tions corresponding to counties
or provinces. He adds:
"Whenever the commission .Is of the
opinion that the condition of affairs In the
Philippines is such that the central ad
ministration may safely be ; transferred
from military to civil control, they will
report that conclusion to you. with their
recommendations as to the form of cen
tral government to be established for the
purpose of taking. over . th» control."'
bfll and wife; Walter C. Lott, wlfa aad tw«
children.
7V\
VT1»
.... -•-¦.-,>.. ¦'-¦-¦¦
Miss Annie Martin: J. Manly Sr.. mother aad]
two nieces; J. McCau!ey and wife. .
IN.
William NruTnlller, wife- and three chlldrea;
Mrs. J. M. Newton and child.
o.
F. Oakley.
Ed Poland an4 slater; E4 Pryor. wtf 1 * and
four children of St. Joseph. Mo.; Maria Pat
rick; Carrie V. Powers; C. II. Fatton and baby,
O
Mrs. Frank Quinn and son, Clanda.
R.
Henry Rlpley; John T. Roberta.
Richard Scholea. wife, son Frank and adopt
ed daughter: Joe SSomner. wife and child: Mrs.
Fred Spa-ter: - Octllla Spaeter: Mrs. Carrta
Slayton (colored); Steer, wife and child:
Edward. George 'and Arthur Steinburn; mother
and throe sisters of John Sweidel; Mrs. Emma
Stelnforth; Libby StlUman: Frankle and Lee.
two boys of T. J. Stevens: Mrs. Lester Stew
art; Mrs. Mary K. Swenson; two children oJ
11. G. Simons.
T.
Anton Tavenett: Milton ThomDson: —
Thompson, wife and four children; H. J.
Tickle, wife and two" children: Subie Told:
Torr: Miss Etta Toothache; Mrs. G. M. and
Miss Bella. Tozcl.
w.
John Washington and flv© children: — .
Wi«<1e. wife ami five children: WlUto 'White;
family of Walter White; Ed Williams.
z.
Mrs. Fred Zlckler and two children: Auxin:
Zlnk and two children; Adolph Ziranslff. wlfa
and Richard Horman and three daughter* ot
Adohjh. ¦ -^j
OAL.VESTOX, Sept. 17.— The following
additional list of dead from the storm
has been gathered. It includes a few cor
rections to former lists:
Miss Kate Allen. Mrs Alex Allen and five
children: Miss Dora Anderson: Mrs. Sam An
derson (colored): Nick Anderson and two sons;
Mrs AnSee and three children; Eddie Anlono-
Florenno Baker (colored): Mrs. Baker and
three children (colored); Pallle Baldwin (col
oredV Mrs Clara T^stor: Edwin Bostford and
wife- Kate Bostford: Brady and wife; Fritz
Brandus and wife and four children: Mrs.
Burns- Hisom Bur-hom; Andy Boyd and family ;
M. Briphey and mother of Teter.
C ¦¦¦'¦¦ •'?''
George Calvert. wife and daughter: Mrs. Alice
Caroline and three children: William Chiles and
w*f?" Paul Chester and wife; John Christian:
Anni M Crain. Charles Craln. Maggie McCree
Craln Mrs CD. Craln ; A. J. Carter; Mrs.
Celeste Carter; Mrs. Ena Campbell.
¦p. r>avts' Debner. wife and three chil
dren- Mrs. 'Doherty; Mrs. Dagert and children.
F.
Mrs. Flohr.
, H.
H A. Hoslngton: Walter Hurt, wife, two
children and two servants.
I.
vl •
J A. Jones ami wife; Leonard Johnson, wife
and four children; Tony Joughln; E. B. Jones.
K.
• -Mrs. Eliza Kauffman: — — Keller and family;
Koelb. infant of C. B.; Jo« Klelman. wife
and child and two workmen; Will, Sophie, and
Florie Kroener: Kupper.
L.
H. Larson and two children; B. E.' Lucfcen-
ADDITIONAL LIST OF
GALVESTON'S DEAD
of raw material has. but .one purchaser, and
must sell at the arbitrary price \ fixed; the
laborer has but one employer, and is powerless
to protest against Injustice, either in. wages or
In conditions of labor: the small stockholder
is at the mercy of the speculator, while the
traveling salesman contributes his salary to
the overgrown profits of the trust. Since but
a small proportion of the people can share; in
the advantages secured by private . monopoly,
it follows that the remainder of the people
are. not only excluded from the benefits, ¦ but
are the.helplese victims of every monopoly or
ganized. It Is difficult to overestimate the
immediate injustice that may be done, . or \o
calculate, the ultimate effect of this Injustice,
upon the social and political welfare of : the
people. Our platform, after suggesting certain
specific remedies, pledges the party to ah un
ceasing warfare against private monopoly In
nation. State and city. I heartily, approve of
this promise; If elected. It shall be my earnest
and constant endeavor to fulfill 'the promise
In letter and spirit.'. I shall select. an Attorney
General who will, without fear or. favor, enforce
existing laws; I shall recommend- such addition
al legislation' as may be necessary to dissolve
every private monopoly which does business'
outside of the £tate of Its origin; and. if con
trary to my belief, and hope, a constitutional
amendment is found to be necessary, I shall
recommend such an amendment as will, with
out Impairing any of the existing rights of the
States, empower Congress to protect the people
of all the States from Injury at the hands .of
individuals or ' corporations engaged in inter
state commerce. .
The platform accurately describes the Dlngley
tariff law, when It condemns It as a "trust
breertlr»5 measure, skillfully devised to give to
the few favors which th^y do not deserve, and
to place upon, the many burdens which they
should-not-. bear." -Under Its operation .-trusts
can plunder the p'eople-of the United States,
while they successfully- compete in foreign mar
kets with manufacturers of other countries.
Even those who Justify -the general policy of
protection will find it difficult to defend a tariff
which enables a' trust to exact an exorbitant
toll from the citizen.
?* Corporations in Politics.
The Democratic party makes no war upon
honestly: acquired : neither does . It
seek to embarrass corporations engaged In le
gitimate business, but It does protest against
corporations entering politics, and attempt
ing to assume control of the instrumentalities
of government. A corporation is not organized
for political purposes, and should be compelled
to confine Itself to the business described In
Its charter. Honest corporations, engaged In
an honest business, will find it to their ad
vantase to aid in the enactment of such leg
islation ' a« will protect them from the unde
served odium which will -be brought; upon
them by those corporations which enter the
political arena. . ..:: :' .; •;, f.
Interstate, Commerce.
I The • Republican party has perslstemty J »r»
fused to comply with the urgent request of the
Interstate Commerce. Commission, for such an
enlargement of .the scope of the Interstate com
merce " law as will '/enable' the' commission to
reallzo tha hopes . aroused by- Its creation. The
THE PLATFORM IS GOING TG HIS HEAD.
¦ S~^ HICAGO, Sept. if. — The letter of William J. Bryan accepting the- Democratic, nomination for
y^y President was given out to-day. Mr. Bryan has nothing to say concerning imperialism, the "para
mount" issue in the Kansas City platform, claiming that he fully covered the subject -in his recent
speech of acceptance. However, he rcviczvs the various planks in the Democratic platform and' renews
his pledge of four years ago not to seek a second term, if elected. The letter of acceptance is as follows:
Democratic party is pledged to legislation
whjch will empower the commission, to pro
ject individuals and communities from dis
crimination, and the public at large from un
just' *nd unfair transportation rates.
: . The Financial Plank.
The platform reiterates the demand contained
in the Chicago platform for an American finan
cial, system made by the American people for
themselves. The purpose of such a system is
to i .restore and maintain a bimetallic level of
prices;' and In order that there may be no un
certainty asjtoi the method of restoring bimet
allism^, the Specific declaration in favor of free
and unlimited coinage at the existing ''ratio of
15 Jo' l.i Independent of the action of other na
tions,, Is repeated. In 1836 the Republican party
recognized /the necessity of bimetallism by
pledging, the party to an earnest effort to se
cure an International agreement for the free
coinage 'of silver, and the President, immedi
ately after his Inauguration, by authority of
Congress, appointed a commission' composed. of
(Ilstlneulshed citizens, to. visit : Europe and so
llcUffortlgn aid. ' SjeeretaryoHay.-- In a letter
in November. 189s.
rftrid* afterward pubfisheTl In England, declared
that at that time the President ami a majority
of his Cabinet still believed In the great de
sirability " of an international agreement for
the restoration of the double standard, but that
it- did not seem opportune to reopen the nego
tiations Just then. The financial law enacted
lens than a year ago contains a concluding
seation declaring that the measure was not in
tended to stand in the way of the restoration
of bimetallism, whenever It could be done by
co-operation with tho other nations. The plat
iform submitted to the la«t Kepubllcan con
vention with the indorsement of the* adminis
tration again suggested the possibility of se
curing foreign aid in restoring silver.
Now the Republican party, for the first time,
openly abandons Its advocacy of the double
standard, and Indorses the monetary system
which It has so often and so emphatically con
demned. The Democratic party, on the con
trary, remains the steadfast advocate of the
cold and sliver coinage of the constitution, and
is not willing that other nations shall determine
for us the time and manner of restoring silver
to its ancient place as a standard money. Thfc
ratio of 18 to 1 is not only the ratio now exist
ing; between all the sold and silver dollars In
circulation In this country, a ratio which even
the Republican administration has not attempt
ed to change, but It Is the only ratio advocated
by those who are seeking to reopen the mints.
"Whether the Senate, now hostile to bimetallism.
can.be chanted during this campaign or tho
campaign of 1902 can only be determined after
the votes are counted, but neither the present
nor the future political complexion of .Congress
has prevented or should prevent an. announce
ment of the party's position. upon this subject
i in unequivocal terms.
: The currency blll.'whlch received the sanction
of the executive and the Republican members of
the House and Senate,*, Justifies the warning
given by. the Democratic party In 1S96. It ; was
then predicted that the Republican party would
tha consumer - Buffer* - extortion, - th» producer
The platform very property gives prominence
to the trust question. The appalling growth
of combinations In restraint of trade during
the present administration proves conclusively
that the Republican party lacks either the
desire of the ability to deal with the question
effectively. If. ¦• ma y fairly be assumed,
from the speeches and conduct of the Repub
lican leaders, that party does not Intend • to
take the people's side b grains t these organiza
tions, then the weak and qualified condemna
tion 'of. trusts to be found In the Republican
platform is designed to distract attention while
industrial despotism Is completing Its work.. A
private monopoly has always been an outlaw.
No defense can be made of an industrial sys
tem in which one. or a few men, . can control
for their own profit the output or prle© of any
'article of merchandise. Under such a, system
LINCOLN. Nebr.. Sept. 17. W00.
Hon. James D. Richardson/ "chairman, and
others of the notification committee of the
Democratic Xatlonol Convention — Gentlemen:
In accepting the nomination tendered by you
on behalf of the Democratic party I beg to
assure you of my appreciation of the great
honor conferred upon me by the delegates In
convention assembled and by the voters who
gave instruction to the delegates.
I am .sensible of the responsibilities which
rest upon the chief magistrate of so great a
nation, and realize the far-reaching effect of
the questions involved in the present contest.
In my leyer of acceptance of 18% I made the
following pledge: / . ' ; .; ' .
•'So deeply am I Impressed with/the magni
tude of the power vested by the constitution
in the chief executive of the nation and with :
the enormous Influence which he can wield for
the benefit or Injury of the people, that I wish
to enter the office, if elected, free from any
personal desire, except the desire to prove
worthy of the confidence of my countrymen.
Human Judgment Is fallible enough when un
biased by selfish considerations, and, In order
that I may not be tempted to use the patron
age of the office to advance any personal am
bition,' I hereby announce, with all the em
phasis which words can express, my . fixed de
termination not, under any circumstances, to
be a candidate for re-election. In case this cam
paign results In my election."
Further reflection and observation constrain
me to renew this pledge.
The platfrom* adopted at Kansas City com
mands my cordial and unqualified approval. It
courageously meets the Issues now before the
country and states clearly and without am
biguity the party's position on every question
considered. Adopted by a convention which
assembled on the anniversary of the signing of
the Declaration of Independence, It breathes
th»! spirit of candor, independence and patriot-
Ism which characterized those who. at Phila
delphia ' In 1"7«. promulgated the creed of the
republic.
Having in my notification speech discussed
somewhat at length the paramount issue, lm
perlalipm. and added some observations on mil
itarism and the Efcoer war, It is sufficient at
this time to review the remaining planks of the
platform. _
Discusses Trusts.
GOMPERS PREDICTS
VICTORY FOR MINERS
SHAMOKIN. 1'a.. Sept. 17.— The col
lieries operated by the Miners' Union,
FhiiacV.phla and Heading Coal and Iron
companies and by individual operators la
the suburbs of this place and employing
between 0r,09 and I0,fi00 men and boys,
¦w-r.re completely tied up this morning by
the strike. At the United MJneworker*
headquartf-rs the leaders claim that 75 pc«
cesit of the workers In the Mount Carmel
and Locust Gap districts did not report
for work. The operator* had no figures to
give out. Several fist lights occurred be
tween strikers and men going to work.
President John Fancy of the Ninth Dis
trict, United Mlneworkers, said that be
fore the end of the week all the operations
In Sch-aylklll and Cumberland counties
would be Idle.
President Gompera of the American
of Labor said towiay that
-re «s no doubt as to final victory for
i'.-<- men as the conditions were so ex
tremely bad that any movement oh their
part would be advantageous, and Inas
much as the movement is bo general. the
advantage would be correspondingly
treat.
VTTLKESBARRE. Pa.. Sept. 17.— Colonel
C. B. Dougherty, one of the officials of
the Eupquehanna Coal Company, stated
to-car that he had information from the
Lyker.s Valley and Shamokln district that
all collieries of the company In this sec
tion were in operation with a larger force
than ever. The only place where the com
cary suffers Is at Xanticoke. Dougherty
thir.ks the company will be able to meet
all market orders despite the suspension
et Nar.Uccke. The operators' here think
the strike cannot last long If the mines In
other parts of the anthracite region con
tinue at work, as the strikers will not be
content to see their brethren in the
Schuylklll and Shamokin regions making
big wages while they remain idle.
NEW YORK. Sept. 17.— William V. S.
Theme, a director of the Pennsylvania
Coal Company, made this statement to
day after a talk with the company's mine
ruperlnter.dent ever the long distance
wire:
"We operate thirteen collieries and all
but two are closed. The etrike appears to
be quite peneraJ throughout the mining
districts. Many men have reported at our
m'.nes. but hardly enough to Justify work
ing the two collieries, ao that it is prob
able that they will bo closed. The tie
up will doubt>ss last a week, and then
the men will begin to cct dissatisfied and
will war.t to return to work. The miners
have no grievances and as far as we can
learn they have not enough resources to
carry on a protracted Ftrike. The miners
r*«eive on an avpragf $2 43 a day. I have
dpvot seen R-year-old boys or girls at
¦work In the mines. Tho miners arc ask
ing for an Increase of from t*>n to fifteen
jvr cent In wages. The operators can
Y\r,\<*. out for at least s'.x months. It Is
customary to carry out our books for six
months in advance. We have a fair sup
ply on hand. Retailers, especially in the
country, have rood sized stocks. I think
the situation Justifies an advance in
prices. We anticipate no trouble at our
mines. Extra watchmen have been hired,
but this 5s the only precaution which »«
have takpn."
THINK THE STRIKE
CANNOT LAST LONG
HAZELTOJC. Pa.. Sept. 17.— The
great struggle between the an
thracite coal miners of Pennsyl
vania and their employers was
begun to-day. Each eide Is conn
dent of winning and neither of the con
tending forces shows any disposition to
yield. The contest thus far has been
devoid of •violence. The exact number
of men who struck cannot at this time be
told. Reports received by the United
Mine Workers' officials from the entire
anthracite region were to them most sat
isfactory. In this territory, known as
district 7, there are 16,000 men employed
In and about the mines. Of this number
it Is conservatively estimated that about
50 per cent, or SO00 miners, obeyed the
order of President Mitchell to quit work.
Five thousand of these belong to the col
lieries which did not work at all, and the
remaining 3000 to mines which work short
handed. The district south of this place,
known as the south slfle, was tied up com
pletely, with the exception of Coleraln,
Beaver Meadow and Carsons Washeries.
In this territory the United Mine 'Workers
are very 6trong. On the north side, the
Upper Lehlgh, Mllnesvllle, Ebervale and
Drlfton No. 1 collieries, employing about
1500, are Bhut down. The mines at Lat
tlmer and Pond Creek, employing 1200. are
working full, but every other mine In that
big territory Is working with badly crip
pled forces. Three of the Markle mines,
over which there has been so much con
tention, worked all day with about 65 per
cent of the men. On the west side every
colliery started up to-day minus Its union
men except at the Hazle mines, where the
union miners went to work in consequence
of a misunderstanding.
Hazleton presented an animated appear
ance to-day, strikers from all the sur
rounding towns coming in early in the day
and gathering in groups on the street cor
ners and discussing the situation. It
was a most orderly crowd. Around Btrike
headquarters at the Valley Hotel there
was more or less of a crowd of men all
day. President Mitchell, who arrived
from the West last night, was kept busy
all day and evening receiving reports from
every section of the region. Messengers
bringing information to him from near-by
points kept coming regularly.
Mr. Mitchell decided an Important point
to-day in the matter of arbitration. Last
week the miners employed by G. B.
Markle & Co. decided not to strike until
the firm had passed upon a set of their
grievances, which differ somewhat from
those of the T'nitod Mine Workers. The
firm has an agreement with its men that
if any differences fall of adjustment then
the grievances shall be arbitrated. John
Markle of the firm yesterday agreed to
have Archbishop Rvan of Philadelphia
arbitrate the differences if the mediators
already agreed upon by" the firm and the
men cannot come to a satisfactory agree
ment.
President Mitchell, however, stated to
day that he should ask the men employed
by Markle to cease work. The men em
ployed by Markle might gain concessions
through arbitration, he said, but It was
now a case of securing a uniform settle
ment throughout the anthracite region.
About 100 foreign-ppeaking miners left
Hazelton to-day for New York, where
they will % take a steamer for Europe.
These men expect a long strike and rather
than remain Idle here they preferred to go
to their former homes.
PHILADELPHIA. Sept. 17.— The
great evrike- of the miners In th«
anthracite coal fielfls of Pennsyl
vania, which represent practically
the hard coal output of the world.
¦began to-day. According to President
'litche'.l of the United Mine Workers of
America, who Is personally directing the
etrtke from h!s headquarters at Hazelton.
the euceoss of the first day's efforts to tic
•up the mines exceeded the expectations
of the strike leaders. The hard coal re
gion is divided into four great districts,
¦sh«? Larkawanna. Wyoming. Lehlgh. and
Fch'jylktll regions. In the first two, rep
ros^r.t'nf? nearly 90,000 men, the tie up i«
practically complete. Only on© mine, em
ploying a few hundred men. is being
operated, and this the strikers say they
Impe to close soon. In the Lehlgh region
the situation is a stand-off, about S0O0
<->f the 16,000 employes having quit. Prin
cipally because the union has compara
tively little strength In the Schuylklll re
jrion ar.4 the workmen there have- no de
cided grievance," as In other districts, the
FT'rikp was not general among the upward
of 50.000 men employed.
Indications to-night, however, point to
the closing to-morrow of some mines in
the last named district that operated to
day, de-spite the assertion of officials of
the Philadelphia and Reading Coal Com
pany and other companies operating in
the- r^ion that they will continue- their
collieries in operation. Nearly all the
effort* of the Ftrike leaders are being de
roted to organizing the men In the weak
Scbuytkffl and I>hlgh regions, and to
:;!?!;t thrfr organisers end orators are re
dOuWlnp' tKAir pflort«.
No violence worth mentioning has
tnarrpfl the first day of the struggle.
Practically no progress has yet been made
In the efforts of some of the clergy to
bring about a settlement of the trouble
through arbitration.
T T 'AZELTON, Pa., Sept. 17.— President Mitchell of the
J[ jf United Mine Workers' Union gave out the follozving state
ment to~night:
"Information received up to to-night slwzvs that 112,-
OOO mine zcorkers are on strike in the anthracite region. Of this
number 72,000 are in District 1, $0,000 in District 5 and 10,000
in District 7.
"Reports received are to the effect thai a large number of those
velio went to the mines to-day will join in tlie suspension to-morrow.
"The number of men norv out on strike exceeds that of any
other industrial contest in tlie history of our country"
President Mitchell of the United Aline Work
, ers' Union Says 112,000 Men Have
Already Quit Work.
Inauguration of the Struggle in
the Anthracite Fields of
\ Pennsylvania.
GREATEST STRIKE
OF CENTURY BEGUN
IN COAL REGIONS
The largest sale of securities that has taken place in this city
during the last ten years was held yesterday, when securities of the
Piper estate to the amount of §622,953 50 were disposed of to the
highest bidders by the executors of the estate. The prices were ex*
tremely satisfactory.
ONE of the most Important sales of
securities negotiated In this State
In years ¦was consummated yester
day by the Union Trust Company.
Securities valued at more than
half a million dollars were purchased by
the leading brokers and banking Institu
tions of the State. They'were part of the
estate of the late William A. Piper and
were ordered disposed of by Judge Troutt
of the Probate Court. -The United States
bonds and shares in big corporations in
thl3 State belonging to the estate were
placed on sale by the executors, William
Giselman and the Union Trust Company,
and were sold to the highest bidders. The
bids were opened by I. W. Hellman Jr.,
In the presence of the Interested parties,
and the aggregate of the amounts offered
for the various securities was $622,953 50.
A circular was sent to the leading brok
ers and bankers of this city by the Union
Trust Company inviting them" to bid on
the securities, a list of which was sub
mitted. Nearly a score of brokers and
representatives of mercantile and bank-
Ing institutions congregated in the direct
ors' room of the Union Trust Company
and heard the reading of their bids on the
bonds and stocks. Promptly at noon, the
time fixed for the opening of the envelopes
containing the offers of those present, L
W. Hellman Jr., cashier of the trust
company, opened the sealed packets and
read the bids.
Among those present at this important
ceremony were: George Tourny, secretary
of the German Savings and Loan Society;
Robert M. Welch, assistant cashier of the
San Francisco Savings Union: Henry S.
Manhelm of the firm of Manhelm. Dib
bern & Co.; John Perry Jr., Worthington
Ames, Henry Berle, A. W. Moore, D. R.
Wilson, A. L. Langerman, A. G. Hell
mann. Colonel M. H. tlecht of Hecht
Brothers & Co. and other men well known
In financial circles. William Giselman,
who is an executor of the estate of Wil
liam A. Piper, was also present and took
part In the proceedings.
There was an air of suppressed excite
ment in the directors' room during the
opening of the bids. Stocks and bonds
amounting to thousands of dollars were
placed within the reaah of everybody and
those present awaited eagerly to learn
what their rivals in business had offered
for the gilt-edged securities. John Perry
Jr., the venerable broker, occupied a seat
close to the table on which reposed the
bids. He was nervous and even more ex
cited than his fellow-bidders. He could
not restrain himself at times and when
some bid was not prepared In accordance
with his Judgment of* the rules prescribed
in matters of that kind he would object to
It on the ground that it was general in
form and did not state the number of se
curities. Mr. Perry bid on a number of
the securities and was among the fortu
nate ones who had their bids, accepted.
Eighteen bids were in the hands of Mr.
Hellman at the noon hour and he read
each one aloud to the interested assem
blage. There were two "blanket" bids
among the collection, but neither was ac
cepted, because the total of the individual
bids was more than that offered by the
bidders for all the securities, who were
the San Francisco Savings Union and the
brokerage firm of A. Barth & Co.
The acceptance of bids by the executors
resulted in the following transactions,
subject to the final ratification of Judge
Troutt:
Two hundred shares of Spring Valley
Water Company stock were sold to Man
helm. Dlbbern & Co. for $19,171.
Four hundred shares of Oakland Gas,
Light and Heat Company stock were pur
chased by H. Berle for $19,642.
Six hundred shares of San Francisco
Gas and Electric Light stock were sold
to Manheim, Dibbern & Co. for $31,S0O.
Six hundred shares of San Frandsco
Gas Light stock were sold to M. Meyer
for $3000.
Omnibus Cable Railway Company »
per cent bonds, of the par value of $50,000,
were sold to John Perry Jr. for $105,000.
Spring Valley "Water "Works 6 per cent
bonds, of the par value of $53,000, were sold
to John Perry Jr. for $51,276.
Spring Valley Water Works second
mortgage bonds,, par valua $66,000. wera
sold for JCS.475. The names of tha suc
cessful bidders are withheld for the pres
ent by reason of the fact that two firms
offered the same amount. It Is under
stood that the bonds will ba shared equal
ly by the successful bidders.
United States registered 4 per cent
bonds, of the par value of $125,000. which,
are due in 1907, were sold to Colonel M.
H. Hecht of the firm of Hccht Eros. &
Co. for tUZJZO. . .
United States Government i per cent
coupon bonds, of the par valua of $23,000,
due 1907. were sold for $28,937 50.
Six shares of Union Trust Company
stock were sold to Sutro & Co. for SS40O.
Five Market street Cable Railway 8
per cent bonds were bought by John Perry
Jr. for J&150.
North Pacific Coast Railway 5 per cent
bonds, of the par value of $20,000. wera
sold to Worthington Ames for $21,200.
Southern Pacific Branch Hallway Com
pany of California 6 per cent bonds, par
value $20,000, were sold to A. L. Langer
man for $2C,£&.
North Pacific Railway Company 9
per cent bonds, par valua JGO.OOO, wero
bought by John Perry Jr. for $70,200.
Pacific Rollins Mills 6 per cent bonds,
par value $3000, wero sold to O. L. Bressa
for JDOCO.
The total amount offered for the fore-
Soing securities Is $322,233 50. They do
not, however, represent the entire estata
of the late William A. Piper. The vast
fortune he accumulated in his lifetime la
ample to permit his heirs and their at
torneys to live In affluence tha rest of
their lives. There still remains undis
posed of In the hands of the executors of
the estate the following securities;
On© hundred and tnirty-four shares of
Bank of California stock.
Twenty-five thousand dollars, par value.
Edison Light and Power Company 8 per
cent bonds.
One hundred shares of Market Street
Railway Company stock.
Oakland Light and Heat Company
bonds, the par value of which is J63.0CO.
As soon as the bids were read the brok
ers and bank representatives hurried to
their lunch and during- the noon meal
discussed among themselves the prices of
fered for the valuable securities. Ac
cording to ona well-known brqker tha
prices received were in nearly every In
stance above the market valuation of tha
stocks and bonds. He also gave it as his
opinion that the sale was' the biggest of
its kind held in this city In the last ten
years. • •
William Giselman and I. W. Hellman,
Jr., representing the Union Trust Com
pany, who are the executors of the estate
of William A. Piper, will go Into court
this morning and announce the result of
their sale. If the bids offered by the lo
cal business men are approved by Judge
Troutt, the securities will bo delivered
and the money offered for the stocks and
bone's will be turned over to the estate.
Under the rule of law In the, Probeta
Court any person can come Into court and
by bidding 10 per cent higher than tha
sum offered by the original bidder, gain
possession of the stocks or bonds ¦which
he desires. There is, howaver, no dan
ser of such a move being made. Tha
prices already bid are above the market
value and no- broker or banking Institu
tion would care to pay a higher sura for
the securities.
Valuable Property Purchased by the Lead
ing Brokers and Banking Institutions*
Biggest Sale' in Years,
Securities of the Estate of W. A.
Piper Are, Sold by the
Executors,
MORE THAN HALF
A MILLION BID ON
STOCKS AND BONDS
SAN FRANCISCO, TUESDAY, . SEPTEMBER ;18; 19OO.
PRICE FIVE CE^TS.
VOLUME LXXXYHI- XO. 110.
The San Francisco Call.Special Cablo to The Call and New York Her-
aid. Copyright. 1900. by the Herald fyb
iifhinjj Company.
ST. DAVIDS, Bermuda, Sept. 17.— A
tropicsJ cyclone is central near these
islands. The storm set in this morning
and is raging with increasing severity this
afternoon. Heavy cyclone rollers arc
sweeping in upon the coast and a strong
northeast g-ale is blowing. AH the tele
graph wires have been blown down and
this dispatch was sent to the cable office
in Hamilton by messenger on horseback.
Southeast rollers began to wash the
chores yesterday, but the barometer con
tinued high. During the night, however,
it commenced falling, showing 1*0.91 inches
at 7 o"clock in the morning. The wind
was rising. By noon it had reached a
gale force from the northeast and rain
was falling. The barometer then recorded
23.71 Inches.
The -storm continued to Increase dur
ing the afternoon and at 4 o'clock the
wind was blowing more than sixty miles
;in hour, carrying away telegraph wires.
Heavy seas are rushing In upon the
coasts. It is impossible to ascertain .the
damage done. The barometer continues
to fall, recording only 29.32 inches now,
but the wind has veered to north, al
though it is blowing with the same vio
lence.
SIX HUNDRED MEN" STRIKE.
BLOOMSBURO, Pa., Sept. 17.— All ef
fort? to settle the differences between the
Reading Iron Company of Danville and
thoir employes having failed, the 600 men
employed at the plant refused to work
this morning. "':-:-, ' *»
Corbett's Mission Abroad.
LONDON. Sept. 17.— James J. <Torbett.
th<» pugilist, in an interview published In
the Bcho this eveninR. says the principal
object of his visit hero. Is to try to get
hold ot the National Sporting Club and
run it on the same basis as the American
boxing clubs.
Rumored Death of Dewet.
NEW YORK. Sept. 17.— It is rumored in
Johannesburg that General Christian De
wet, the Boer general, was killed on the
7th inst, near Potchefstroom, says the
London correspondent of the Tribune.
BOSTON, Sept. 17.— Ex-Governor D. H.
Chamberlain, one of the most prominent
old school Republican leaders of this
State, in a hot open letter to Hon. Andrew
D. White* Minister to Germany, comes out
stronp for Bryan. He says in part:
I shall not do more as to your arraignment of
the positions cf • Bryan and the Democratic
party in 1836 than to remark that I substan
tially agreed with you then and voted accord
ingly.- Now, 1 am a cordial, unhesitating sup
porter of Bryan, and bo far as such support
makes me a supporter ofnhe party which nomi
nated him at Kansas City I am an advocate,
equally cordial and unhesitating, of the Demo
cratic party. I do not support Bryan because I
approve all he represents or all the Items of
the Kansas City platform, though I will say
parenthetically that I regard that platform as
on the whole the best piece of political con
struction in spite of Its faults we have had
since the first platform on which Abraham Lin
coln was elected.
I supported McKinley in 1896 as a strict choice
of evils, but I am bound to confess the result
has come nigh to creating the gravest doubt
or the safety of ever making a choice of evils.
If the gold standard needed further protection
and strsngthlng, as It does not, I had as a gold
man as lief truat the work to Bryan and
the Democratic party as to President Hanna
and your party.
I did not support McKinley In 1S96 because I
fully indorsed either him or his party, but only
as a very tough choice of evils.
I knew, as did all who knew him at all. "that
he was weak and flabby of fiber, the mere
puppet of men who Ftood behind the McKinley
tariff, not even an accident or dark horse, but
the logical, characteristic candidate of men like
Hanna. The sequel has verified all these ante
cedent opinions of McKinley. Called by loath
some flattery #1 the best beloved of all our Presi
dents," he has proven himself, perhaps, the
weakest, morally and Intellectually, of all
those who have held the office In our century
and more of constitutional life.
M'KINLEY WILL NOT
'receive delegations
CLEVELAND. Ohio, Sept. 17.— A special
to the Evening Plain Dealer from Canton
says: It has been definitely decided, that
President McKinley will not receive dele
gations during this campaign on account
°v tn ? situation in the Orient. Delegations
wn VL h J^ere coming to Canton have been
notified accordingly.
Odd Fellows in Session.
RICHMOND, Va., Sept. 17.— The Sov
ereign Grand Lodge of the Ortd Fellows of
the United States met In this city to-day
in annual convention. The convention was
called to order by Grand Sire Pinkerton.
Tho session was confined to the welcom
ing ceremonies. There is a fine repre
sentation of- the sovereign body present
and about 5000 members of the order are
In the city.
CHAMBERLAIN SAYS
HE WILL. VOTE FOR BRYAN
attempt to retire the greenbacks, although the
party and its leaders studiously concealed their
Intentions. That purpose Is now plain and the
people must choose between the retention of the
greenback. Issued and controlled ,ln= volume by
the Government, and a national isank note cur
rency Issued by banks and controlled In their
own interests. If the national bank notes «re
to be secured by bonds, the currency system
now supported by the Republican party involves
a permanent and Increasing debt, and, so long
as this system stands, the financial classes will
be tempted to throw their powerful influence
upon the side of any measure which will con
tribute to the size and vermanency of a na
tlon.il debt. It Is hardly conceivable that the
American people will deliberately turn from the
debt-paying policy of the past, to the danger
ous doctrine of perpetual bonds.
Election of Senators by the People.
The demand for a constitutional amendment
provldfng for the election of Senators by direct
vote of the people appears for the first time in
a Democratic national platform, but a resolu
tion proposing such an amendment has three
times passed the House of Representatives, and
that, too. practically without opposition. What
ever may have been the reasons which secured
the adoption of the present plan, a century ago,
new conditions have made It Imperative that
the people be permitted to speak directly in the
selection of their representatives in the Sen
ate. A Senator Is no' less the representative
of the State because he receives his commission
from the people themselves, rather than from
the members of the State Legislature. If a
voter Is competent to vote for a member of
Congress, for State officers and for President,
he is competent to choose his representative in
the Senate. A system which makes the Senator
responsible for his election to the people, as a
whole, and amenable to them If he misrepre
sents them, must commend Itself to those who
have confidence In the Intelligence and patriot-
Ism of the masses.
Direct Legislation.
The platform Indorses the principle of direct
legislation. This is already applied to the
more important questions in nation, State and
city. It rests upon the sound theory that the
people can be trusted, and that the more re
sponsive the Government Is to the will of the
people the more free it will be from misuse
and abuse. - •
The Labor Question.
Several planks of the labor platform are de
voted to questions in which the laboring
classes have an immediate interest, but which
more remotely affect our entire population.
While what is generally known as government
by Injunction is at present directed chiefly
against the employes of corporations when
there is a disagreement between them and their
employer, it involves a principle which con
c^rn« every one. The purpose of the Injunc
tton In such cases is to substitute trial by
judge for trial by Jury, and is a covert blow
at the jury system. The abolition of govern
ment by Injunction Is as necessary tor the
protection of the reputation ot the court as It
is for the security of the citizen. Ulackstone
ir. defending trial by Jury says: "The Impar
tial administration of Justice, which secures
both our persons and our properties. Is the
great end of civil society, but if that be en
trusted entirely to the magistracy.' a select
Vv'dy of men, and those selected by the prince
such as enjoy the highest offices of the state,
their decisions In spite of their natural Integ
rity will have frequently an involuntary bias
toward those of their own rank and dignity.
It Is not to be expected from human nature
tliat the few should he always attentive to
the Interests and good of the many."
If the criminal laws are not sufficient for the
protection of property, they can be made more
severe, but a citizen charged with crime must
have his case tried before a Jury ot his peers.
Use of the Blacklist.
The blacklist an now emp!6yed In some
rlaces enables the employer to place the em
ploye under practical duress, for the skilled
laborers loses his independence when the em
ployers can not only discharge him, but pre
vent his securing any similar employment. The
blacklist enables employers to secure, by mu
tual agreement, that control ' over the wage
earners which a private monopoly exercises
without contract.
As to Arbitration.
T>epartment of Labor.
The platform renews the demand for arbitra
tion between corporations and their employes.
No one who has observed the friction which
arises between great corporations and their
numerous employes, can doubt the wisdom of
establishing an Impartial" court for the just
or.d equitable settlement of disputes. Th» de
mand for arbitration ought to be supported as
heartily by the public, which suffers incon
venience because of strikes and lockouts, and
by the employers themselves, as by the em
ployes. The establishment of arbitration will
insure friendly relations between labor and.
capital, and render obsolete the growing prac
tice of calling in the army, to settle labor
troubles.
I cannot* too strongly emphasize the import
ance of the platform recommendation of the
establishment of a department of labor, with
a member of the Cabinet at Its head. When
wo remember how important a position the
laborer fills In our economic, social and po
litical fabric. It is hard to conceive of a valid
objection being made to this recognition of
hie services. Agriculture is already represent
ed in thn President's official household; the
army and navy have their representatives
there; the State Department, with its consular
service, and the Treasury Department, with
Its close connection with fiscal affairs. ! keep
th» executive In.' touch with, the business and
commercial interests. A Cabinet officer truly
representative of the waxe-earning class would
b« of invaluable aid, not only to the toilers,
but to the President.
Chinese Exclusion.
The Chinese exclusion act has proved an ad
vantage to the country,? and Its continuance
and strict enforcement, a« well as its exten
sion to other similar races, are imperatively
necessary. Tho Asiatic Is so essentially dif
ferent frjm the American that he cannot be
assimilated with our population, and Is, there
fore, not desirable as a permanent citizen. His
?rwenne as a temporary laborer, preserving
his national Identity and maintaining a foreign
scale of wages and living, must ever prove an
injustice to American producers, a* well' as a
jterretcal source of irritation.
Pride Regarding Pensions.
The party expresses Its pride In the soldiers
and sailors of all our warn, and declares Us
purpose to deal generously with them and
their dependents. A liberal policy is natural
shown In opposing our sovereignty, they -will
not- require much assistance from us.
Extravagance Is Alleged.
The Republican party, drawing as it does
enormous campaign funds from those who en-
Joy special privileges at the hands of the Gov
ernment, is powerless to protect the tax payers
from the attack vof those who profit by large
appropriations. A surplus in the treasury of
fers constant temptation to extravagance, and
extravagance, in turn, compels a resort to new
means of taxation, which, being kept in the
background until the campaign is over. Is a
lair illustration of the Imposition which will
bo attempted when there is a considerable
amount of money idle In the treasury. The
lehabllltatlon of the merchant marine, laud
able In itself, is made the pretext for expendi
ture of public money for the benefit of large
ship owners and In the interests ot a transpor
tption monopoly. The Government being only
the agent of the people has no right to collect
from the people taxes beyond the legitimate
iiteds of a Government honestly and effectively
administered, and public servants should ex
ercise the same degree of care In the use of
the people's money that private Individuals do
In the use of their own money. With a restor
ation of a foreign policy consistent with Amer
ican Ideas there can be an Immediate and large
reduction in the burdens now borne by the
people.
Income Tax Plank.
By Inadvertence the income tax plank agreed
upon by the resolutions committee was omitted
from the platform as read and adopted. The
subject, however. Is covered by the reafflrm
ction of the Chicago platform, and I take this
occasion to reassert my belief in the principle
which underlies the income tax. Congress
should have authority to levy and collect an
Income tax whenever necessary, and an amend
ment to the Federal constitution specifically
conferring such authority ought to be supported
by even those who may think the tax unneces
sary at this time. In the hour of danger the
Government tan draft the citizen; It ought to
be able to draft the pocketbook as well. Un
less monoy Is more precious than blood, we
cannot afford to give greater protection to the
Incomes of the rich than to the lives of the
poor.
The Paramount Issue.
The subjects, however, treated in this letter.
Important as each may seem In Itself, do not
press bo Imperatively for solution as the ques
tion which the platform declares to be the para
mount Issue In this campaign. Whether we
shall adhere to or abandon those Ideas of
government which have distinguished this na
tion from other nations and given to Its history
H.j peculiar charm and value is a question the
settlement of which cannot be delayed. No
other question can approach It In Importance;
no other question demands such Immediate con
sideration. It is easier to lose a reputation
than to establish one. and this nation would
find It a long and laborious task to regain its
proud position among the nations if under the
stress of temptation It should repudiate the
eelf-evldent truth proclaimed by our heroic
ancestors and sacredly treasured during a
career unparalleled in the annals of time. When
the doctrine that the people are the only source
of power is made secure from further attack
we enn safely proceed to the settlement of the
numerous questions which involve the domestic
and economic welfare of our citizens.
Very truly yours.-
W. J. BRTAX.
and necessary in a government which depends
upon a citizen soldiery Instead of a large
standing army. Self-interest, as well as grati
tude, compels the government to make boun
tiful provision for those who, in the hour of
danger and at great sacrifice of business,
health and. life, tender their services to their
country.
The pension lawg should be construed ac
cording to the generous spirit which prompted
their passage. The platform very properly re
iterates the position taken in 1S9S, that the
fact of enlistment shall be deemed conclusive
evidence that the soldier was sound when the
Government accepted him. A certificate given
now to the health of a person forty years ag6.
even if easily obtainable, should not have as
much weight as the certificate of the medical
officer who examined the volunteer with a
view of ascertaining his fitness for army
servic«.
Favors the Nicaragua Canal.
The Democratic party Is In favor of the Im
mediate construction, ownership and con
trol of the Nicaragua canal by the
United States. The failure of the Republican
parly to make any progress In carrying out a
pledge contained in Its platform four years ago,
together with the substitution ln'its latebt plat
form, of a plank favoring an isthmian canal
lor a specific declaration in favor of the Nicar
airuan canal, would Indicate that the Republi
can leaders either do not appreciate the Im
portance of this great waterway to the mari
time strength and commercial Interests of the
country, or that they give too much consider
ation to the interested opposition of transcon
tinental lines. The Hay-Pauncefote .treaty,
now before the Senate, would. If ratified,
urcally lessen the vahie of the canal, if it
would not indeed convert It 'Into a positive
menace In time of war. The paramount ln-
Wejas of the United States In the western
hemisphere, together with the obligations to
defend the republics to the south ot us. make
it r.ecessary that our Government shall be able
to close the canal against any hostile power.
Arizona, New Mexico and Oklahoma.
Arizona, N'ew Mexico and Oklahoma havo
long been ready to assume the responsibilities
and enjoy the privileges of statehood, and It
will be a pleasure, as well as a duty, to carry
out the platform pledge concerning them.
Alaska and Porto Rico.
There will be a popular acquiescence In the
demand for home rule, and a Territorial form
of government In Alaska and Porto Rico. Both
are entitled to local self-government and rep
resentation In Congress.
Right of the Cubans.
The recognition contained In both the Demo
cratic and Republican platforms or the right
of the Cubans to Independence removes the
general princlr-le Involved from the domain of
partisan i>elltlcs. It Is proper, however, to con
sider whether the accomplishment of this pur
pose can be safely entrusted to the Republican
party after It has yielded to the allurements of
the colonial idea, and abandoned Its earlier
faith in the natural and inalienable rights of
mon.
Reclamation of Arid Lands.
The time Is rlre fofl a systematic and ex
tended effort to reclaim tV:e arid lands and fit
them for actual settlers. The last agricultural
report estimates that homes can thus be pro
vided for many millions of people. The lm
poundlnu and use of the waters which are
wasted in the spring would people the Western
States with thrifty, intelligent and industrious
citizens, and those would furnish a valuable
market for all the products of the factories.
A small percentage of the money spent in a
war of conquest would provide occupation untl
habitation for more people than would ever
teek a residence In colonies within the tropics.
Foreign Alliances.
The reasons given by Washington. Jefferson
and the other Htatesmen of the eariy days in
support of the doctrine that we should main
tain friendly relations with all nations, but
enter, Into entangling alliances with none, are
even stronger to-day than they were a hundred
years ago. Our commerce is rapi'dly Increas
ing, and we are brought into constant commu
nication with all parts of the world. Even It
we deslrod to do so, we could not afford to
alienate many nations by cultivating unneces
sary intimacy with a few. Our strength and
standing are such that It Is Ies3 necessary than
ever before to lean for aid ution the friendli
ness of a forelen power.
We cannot connect ourselves with European
nations and share in their Jealousies and am
bitions without losing the peculiar advantage,
which our location, our cnaracter and our in
stitutions give us in the world's affairs.
The Monroe Doctrine.
The doctrine enunciated by Monroe, and ap
proved by succeeding Presidents, is essential
to the welfare of the United States. The con
tinents of North and South America are dedi
cated to the development of free government.
One republic after another has been established,
until to-day the monarchical idea has barely a
foothold in the new world.
While it Is not the policy of this country to
Interfere where amicable relations exist be
tween European countries and their dependen
cies In America, our people would look with
disfavor upon any attempt on the part of Eu
ropean governments to n»alntaln an unwilling
or forcible sovereignty over the people living
on this side of the Atlantic.
The position taken by the Republican leaders,
and more recently set forth by the Republican
candidate for the Presidency, viz., that We can
not protect a nation from outside interference
without exercising sovereignty over Its people*
is an assault upon the Monroe doctrine, for,
while this argument is at this time directed
against the proposition to give to the Fllipinoe
both independence and protection. It is equally
applicable to the republics of Central and South
America. If this Government cannot lend its
strength to another republic without making
subjects of Us people, then we must either
withdraw our protection trom tne republics to
the south of us or absorb them. Under the
same plea, that the guardian nation must ex
ert an authority equal to its responsibility, Eu
ropean, nations have for -centuries exploited
their wards, and it j is a Menifleant fact that
the Republican party should accept the Euro
pean-idea of a protectorate at the same time
that it adopts a European colonial policy. There
Is no excuse for this abandonment of the Amer
ican idea. We have maintained the Monroe
doctrine for three-quarters or a century. The
expense to us has been practically nothing:, but
the protection 'has been beyond value to our
sister republics. If a Filipino republic is
erected upon the ruins of Spanish tyranny, its
protection by. us .will be neither difficult nor
expensive. No European nation would be wlll-
Intr for any other European nation to have the
islands, neither would any European nation be
willing to provoke a* war with us In order to
obtain possession of the islands. If we assert
soverelKnty over the Filipinos we will have
to defend that sovereignty by force, and the
Filipinos -will be our enemies: if we protect
them from outside interference they will de
fend themselves and will be our friends. If
they show as much determination In opposing
the sovereignty of other nations as they have
Continued From Page One.
•
Successful Benefit in the Mechanics' Pavilion,
Where AH Labored Cheerfully to.*SweIl
the Fund for Galveston Sufferers.
SIXTEEN hundred people flocked to the Pavilion last evening, and while seeing and applauding an excellent ath
letic programme, helped the Galveston fund out to the tune of several hundred dollars. The 1600 who attended
do not represent the number that bought tickets, so it will be to-day or to-morrow before, the exact amount
the exhibition netted the fund will be known. "Whatever sum It be. It Is all clear profit, for everything was do
nated. The hall was given by the Mechanics" Institute, the First Regiment Band proffered its services free of
charge, the doorkeepers worked for nothing, the ushers were Olympic Club members, the apparatus was from the
Olympic Club, the talent was from the Olympic and other clubs, besides some professionals: the affair was given un
der the auspices of the Olympic Club and WiJllam Greer Harrison, president of the Olympic Club, and John Ham
mersmith, Its leader, had charge of the programme. It was a grand success.
The programme opened with an overture by the band. Then George Meihllnp brought out twenty-five of his
juvenile class and put them through foot evolutions and calisthenics. They were roundly applauded.
The leaplng-board was then rigged and for ten minutes athletes chased each other down the runaway like a game
of follow-my-le&der." The leapers were J. O'Connor, H..Gray, W. W. Claweon, H. Manor, "\V. Cavanaugh, J. Bevans, E.
Stack, W. Sheehan, R. Moll, F. Real. L. Liebman, H. Bragers, C. Olsen, E. Miller, J. Rand, Professor R. Leando and
Howard and Campbell. H. W. Schretber then gave a very pretty exhibition of club swinging, and this was followed by
a very short exhibition of double trapeze work, by Howard and Campbell, which was brought to a close by the fall of
one of the performers. With chairs the floor was then divided off. Into "rings" and the boxers were turned loose, four
pairs at a time, and for a while blows were thick and fast and there was plenty of fun at the expense of the glad
iators. The boxers were: W. J. Ltonard and D. Carroll: J. Rock and F. McConnell; J. Splro and F. Burgers; C. Mill
ward and J. F. McCarthy; J. Britt and F. Bayley; the Frane brothers and Martin and Johnnie, the champion Juvenile
boxers. A brother act by H. Bragers, C. Olsen and E. Miller followed the boxing.
A. M. Stone, with the help of several sugar barrels and two tables, gave an exhibition of barrel jumping, first free,
then with his feet tied, and then with his feet tied and his <=ycs blindfolded. The members of the Verelh Elntracht fol
lowed with a number of pyramids that were freely applauded. A twenty-five yard dash with Irwln, Cutter Kav
anaugh, Roberts, Manor, and Gerhardt, was the next event, a short one', for Uerhardt won in something over three
seconds. R. Moll and J, Rand then did some clever work on the triple horizontal bars and Trilby Fowler followed
them with some trick bicycle riding, winding up with a burhrque on the beginner and ending his act with a somer
sault over the hanulebars onto one of the mats, and E. Kehrlein gave a very clever of fenc'ng with foils,
and Professor Tronchet and his best pupil. Emlllo Lastreto, followed with a bout with duelling swords. Members of
the San Francisco Turn Verein then took the floor for an exhibition on the parallel bars, and then the programme devel
oped into a composite tournament of everything that was to come.
Irwln and Cutter took to the pole vault, and it was announced that they had cleared the bar at 10 feet 6 Inches— a
coast record, it was announced, if It had been under proper conditions. The wrestling pad was hauled out, and while
the jumpers were at work close at hand the wrestlers strained and tugged at each other for public approval. The wres
tlers were: J. A. Mackenzie and C. D. Pentony; F. Bayley and J. Splro; E. Murphy and F. Hogan; W. King and George
Hensley: J. Jenkins and M. WllwarJ.
And while the rest was going on four tug-of-war teams— one from the Cement Workers' Union, one from the lock
ed-out mlllmen, a third from the derrick men and a fourth announced as the "Irish" team— pulled at a rope amid the
plaudits of the crowd. First the cement workers and the millmen strove, and the cement workers pulled the mill
men across the cleats and to defeat. Then the Irishmen did the same for the derrickmen, and then the cement workers
and the Irishmen met. By this tirade excitement ran high, nor was it lessened when the Irishmen started the cement
workers homeward and pulled them over.' That ended the evening's programme.
MR. BRYAN DODGES "PARAMOUNT" ISSUES.
CLEARING STREETS
OF STRICKEN CITY
various school? are now contributing.
HANFORD. Sept. 17.— A rousing mas?
meeting was held last night in the opera
house for the purpose of raising money
to send to sufferers of the Galveston flood.
'1 he meeting was largely attended and stir
ring addresses were made. The citizens
responded readily and over $700 was sub
scribed at the meeting, while another hun
dred wa.« suhFcribed to-day. The money
was telegraphed to Governor Sayers ol
Texas to-day.
SANTA CRl'Z. Sept. 17.— The amount
subscribed to-day toward the Galveston
sufferers w>s f28. The subscriptions are
coming in steadily.
SAN LUIS OBISPO. Sept. 17.— There
was an enthusiastic meeting of citizens
at San Luis Oblspo to-night to collect a
contribution for the Galveston sufferers.
Notwithstanding the absence of many
citizens, a good contribution wa.s raised
The churches in this city collected at all
the services. The lodge of Elks here
rushed the first aid.
THOUSANDS HAVE LEFT.
HOUSTON. Texas. Sept. 17.— The latest
j printed list of the doad In the Galveston
1 disaster revised to date accounts for 4078
: persons. The number of people who have
¦ left Galveston, it is now stated at rellet
j headquarters, is over 80i>0: of these about
; 5000 are in Houston being cared for. Others
! have pone on into the interior of the
j State or to other States.
McKIBBEN LEAVES GALVESTON.
WASHINGTON. Sept. 17.-The War De
partment to-day received a dispatch from
General McKibben,' who was ordered to
Galveston the first cf last week, stating
that he had returned to San Antonio. He
reported everything as progressing favor
ably at Galveston.
Drowned in the Flood.
OAKLAND. Sept. 17.— S. S. Morris, a
grocer at 170C Seventh street, has been
notified of the drowning of his brother.
wife and three ehildran and the mothor
of Mrs. Morris in the Galveston disaster.
Another brother. James T. Morris, resided
in Galveston, and no news of him has yet
been given.
MONEY BEING RAISED
BY THE COAST CITIES
VfSALIA. Sept. 17.— Including to-day's
donations, the people of Visalia have giv
en IZ£ CO in cash and two-thirds of a car
load of supplies to the Galveston flood
sufferers.
MKRCED, Sept. 17.— A subscription list
was circulated here for a day in the in
terests of the Galveston sufferers and $221
raised, which was telegraphed by Mayor
Turner to Governor Sayers of Texas. The
sweet potato srowers of At water are ar
ranging to send a carload of sweet pota
toes to the Galveston people.
SAN JOSE. Sept. 17.— The people of San
Jose are subscribing liberally to the aid
of the Galveston sufferer?. To date about
Sir-00 has been donated, and It Is expected
that San Jose's share will be fully JjOOO.
A benelit performance is to be given at
Victory Theater next Wednesday, which
Fhouid net J1000. The various lodges have
given liberally, and the children of the
WASHINGTON'. Sopt. 17.— Assistant
Secretary of the Treasury Taylor has re
ceived a telegram stating that Major "VY*.
T. Levy, immigrant agent at Galveston:
Mrs. Levy and their »hree children had
lost thtlr lives In last week's disaster.
A telegram has been received at the
Treasury Department stating that tiie
revenue cutter Winona has arrived at
Galveston with twenty tons of provisions
and other supplies for the flood sufferers.
AGENT LEVY PERISHED.
APPEAL TO PYTHIAN KNIGHTS.
JANESVILLE. Wis., Sept. 17.— An ap
peal to all Kniphts of Pythias for money
rcntrioutions to relieve the Texas suffer
?rs was sent out from the office of the
supreme chancellor. Knights of Pythian,
h*re to-day. It is urgecl that money be
raised by subscription Immediately and
sent to George Ti. Greggs, chairman of
the Knights of Pythias committre at
Houston. Texas, from which point the
Jistribution will be made.
Sept. 17.— The follow
ing dispatch has been received at the
White House from Mayor Jones of Gal
veston. addressed to President McKinley:
The people of Galvepton through me desire
tu return their sincere thanks tor the great in
ttrf-si you an<J the United States Government
have manifested in ihelr behalf in their hour of
trial. While their suiTcrinsrs arc indescribable.
yet they have ever in their minds the great
Onvernment which n"\Pr fails to respond to the
distrt-fis of its citizens ar.d they also know that
ot the head of that Government is an upright,
Christian pentleman whose every effort is to
relieve the distressed «Ith all the means and
pi wer at his command.
THANK PRESIDENT McKENLEY.
I sincere!:.- hoiK> Calveeton will rife again to
new prosperity. WILLIAM II.
The President's reply is as follows:
Executive Mansion, Washington, Sept. 17,
!9oa— His Imperial and lioyal Majesty Wilhelm
II. Stettin. Uermany: Your Majesty's messate
uf c-ondnlence and sympaihy is very eratefui
to the American Government and people, and
'.11 their name ,%s well as on behalf of the many
thousands who have muttered bereavement and
lrrf parable Irs.« in thr Galveston disaster, 1
WILLIAM McKIXLET.
Work Amon£ the Debris and
Wreckage at Galveston Is
Rapidly Progressing,
GALVESTON, Sent. IT— The work o:
clearing thr Ftreots of dt-bris and
wrtckaje is progressing steadily
and v.ith systematic rapidity. The
military anthorltfefl have gradually
perfected iho py^tein anJ divided the la
borers so that there is comparatively no
Interruption or delay. The report* filed
at General Scurry** beadQuarters up to ti
o'clock to-jiighi roportod the recovery
nnd dippositicjn of l>\it forty-five bodies
during the day. The Now? reporter, how
ever, noted the linoir.-r: «.f 130 bodies oi
men. women and children.
Health Officer Wilkinson stated to-day
that 40 per ccr.t of the debris of every de
scription had been removed from the
streets; that SO per cent of the dead
bodies had been disposed of, ami H3 jK»r
cent of tin- c.-ircaJses of animals had been
removed from the city. Hut as the work
of removing the debris s^es on more
bodies are beinr^ unearthed every hour.
There is stiil iin Immense amount *oi
¦work to be clone In this respect and in
fcome quarters hardly an impression has
been made on the mountains of wrfckagt
piled up !ift<-^n or twenty feet high.
A hopeful feature of the situation is tho
rapid progress being made by the rail
roads in their efforts 'to restore rail com
munication. The Santa Fe has reached
Texas City with its tracks and it is an
r.ounced that irams will enter the union
<3enot hrre on Thnrsiinv next.
RECOVERING BODIES
FROM THE WRECKAGE
NEW ORLEANS. Sept I7.-A special
from Galveston says: The ninth day after
the storm, and still the gruesome work
goes on of recovering the dead from the
gigantic mass of debris that lines the
touih side of what remains of the city.
"Yesterday 1U7 bodies were recovered and
cremated. The task of recovering the
bodies that are beneath or jammed into
the immense rick of debris, extending
from The t-ahtern to the western limits of
iho city, a distance of over three miles.
1* a herculean one, and the most exyedi- ;
Ileus way of removing the whole, from a
(sanitary point of view. Is by fire. This, :
however, in the crippled condition of the !
lire cK-puTiment and waterworks would I
endanger the remaining portion of the >
city.
As it rjr.«v stands this immense mass of !
debris, strewn bodies, the carcasses of j
decaying animals, etc., is a sore menace i
to the health of the city, ami is the most j
difficult problem the Board of Health has !
to deal with.
The work of opening the streets and
disinfecting them is being vigorously pros- ;
«*cuted. Tne debris and garbage is being j
removed. SO'J vehicles of every description j
carrying it out to a t-afe place, whrrc it is
burned, and in a few days all streets will ;
l)e opened for th<» passage of vehicle?. The j
¦work of relief of the sick and Injured is ¦
well in hand, a:id under the direction of j
skilled physicians and nurses is Improving j
daily.
The •narin» hospital service, which is
•working in conjunction wit'i the Board of ;
Health, has oytablish<^J a hospital on the
beach at the foot of Trtmont 6treet,
where the sick and wounded, now she!- ¦
tered In unsanitary pfaicei throughout tho •
city, will be taken for treatment, whetlier j
tli jy w:sh to so or not.
The revenue cutter Winona. from Mv»- '.
bile, arrived to-day and Captain Parry
placed the cutter at the disposal of the \
lioard of H^.-jlth for the removal of the j
Kirk and wounded who are able to leave j
the city for interior points.
Sickness of a malarial type is becoming 1
prevalent among the sufferers, ar.d appre- j
reunion La Mt ;::at it may assume a more '
serious form.
Miss Clara Parton la giving her time ;
end attention to a«?:s-.::-p in the work oi j
relief end iLSoertminfns » !:at supplies aie I
Tif-cessary to meet the exigencies of the '
Fitualion. The Board of Health says more \
trained nurses are needed.
The affiliatr-d labor organizations of this '
city, over BOO of tht.-m having lost every- )
Thing, have issue<] an address appealing |
to every labor organization throughout j
the country for assistance.
Relief supplies are arriving more regu- '
larly and are bein^ distributed to th'j |
destitute as rapidly as possible.
The telegraph companies are alreadv j
tettinR i'H<» hotter slia;>e and are now abl<
to quickly dispatch all business given :
them. When th«* mail sr-rvic*- is regularly j
f-ytablish^-d ar.d the railroads repaired and i
trains in' operation Galveston will again;
fed that she is a. part of the world.
EMPEROR WILLIAM'S
MESSAGE OF SYMPATHY
WASHINGTON. S<rt. IT.— President
McKinley has received the following
mrssape of sympathy on the Galveston
disaster fr^-m Emperor William of Ger
many:
STFrrriN. Germany s^pt. it. lrmo— Prr«id»tit
of the irnlterl ?th.tc-s of America. Wi.s^h:r.frton:
1 » 1f!i Vj coi.vey to your Kxceliency the expn*!-
floii ol :ny (iw;t-Wi yyrnjiathy v.ith the mis
fortun«» :^.¦•t t-.p* l>cfa!l»n th<» town and har
bor ff Galvestoo an.1 many other ;>orts of thf
coast. fcn<] I m.iuni with you an«l the j>eopli!
of the fniu-d htates over the terrible loss of
life anl property causfd by the liurrlcaii", an>l
the m»;ji!tu<le «.f the <Hs=*atpr is -jiial<-'l only
t>y the iirlomHable spirit of the citizens of
the ii< w wcrH, who in their long and con
tinue Ftrujrple with the ajvprse forces of na
ture liavp proved themselves to be victorious.
NOMINATIONS MADE BY
COLORADO REPUBLICANS
DENVER. Sept. 17.— When the Republi
can State Convention met this afternoon
Janvs M. Downing of Aspen, who has
been prominent in this State as a silver
Republican, was chosen permanent chair
man. The selection of the State Central
Committee was made. Charles D. Ford of
Colorado Springs being elected chairman.
Uris-d;»-r Central Irving Hale was
eall^a UJX..11 for an addivss and responded
briefly. He *ai<J that in consequence of
eipht years" service in the regular army
after his graduation at West Point, his
first vote was cast in ISM and was for Mr.
.Bryan, because he Ix-lieved in silver. He
declared that this belief had not changed.
bui that silver was not the great issue of
tho hour. The present question he de
clared was that of maintaining the honor
ci the country and the f.:ipr.
Th.» nomination of a ticket wa? next
tsk^n up. Several names had be«n promi
nently mentioned in connection with the
<>ffice of Justice <.l the Supreme Court, but
only one name was presented, that of G
C Baruls of Denver. He was nominated
by .'icolamation. *
For Governor K. M. Cranston placed be
fore tho convention thf name of Frank
C Gou«Jy of Denver. Tho nomination was
ftecondea by almost every delegate in the
convention ai,d the nomination was made
unanimous.
Mr. Goody rjxike at some length. He
was otic ,r:f the Colorado di?lf*g;ate* who
walkon out of ll:c Republican National
Co&VCStlon with Senator Teller In 1S35.
He declared that he was still loyal to
silver, but that the question had been
taken out of this campaign by the Demo
cratic party. At the cIofc of his address
thr- conventlpn took a rec<-?s until 10
c'clr-ck to-morrow.
Winners of Salem Races.
SALEM. Or.. Sept. 17.— The Stat* Fair
opened to-day with a larsc attendance.
Ha.ce results:
PacitJK, t-wo-jvar-oid*— Robert II won, Zulu
wrvrA, Or.ron Msld third. Tlm«. *:<2H.
Trw!:lnc. two-vfar-ol<Js— KatMrne won, Chl<>f
H^atili- *ecor..!. Cmclp DfW third. Time, 2:53.
TrottJr^. 2:25 r!«8f- Sur.riso won in thn«
etralsrM hcat«. I'h'.l M *econ<l. Time. ;:2S.
Ttunnlnr. six furlonps— r:a.mato won. rettl-
CTtw »ccf?r.a. Orane?T third. Time, 1:!$H.
Henlson. Mrs. K. 1^. Courtlan. Mrs. C.
Cutter. Mrs. F. T~ N'oycs. Mrs. Hoyt. Mrs.
Evans, Mrs. Warner and Mrs. Porter.
OAKLAND'S WORK FOR
THE RELIEF FUND
OAKLAND, Sept. 17.— The Oakland Red
Cross Society at a meeting to-day de
cided to open headquarters at 420 Four
teenth street at once, where donations
and subscriptions for the Galveston re
lief fund will be received. Mrs. I3aac L.
Requa will have charge of the work and
*he will be assisted by Mrs. A. B. Nye.
Mrs. Ada Van Pelt. Mrs. Evans. Mrs.
Bakewell, Mrs. Lilian Kverts. Mrs. Klrby,
\IKs M R. Babwm, Mrs. D. T. Curtis*.
Miss Mollie Corners, Mrs. E. B. Beck.
v r , k C Dlek, Mrs. Austin Walton and
Mrs' J .' G. Lemmon. The committee will
be Increased to-morrow. The society will
•iccept all donations anrt will attend to the
proper forwarding of them to Galveston.
There will be a public meeting of tha
Red Cross Society on Wednesday morn-
Ins at 10:30 o'clock at the Ebell Society
rooms, to which all persons interested La
relief work are invited.
\ collection for the relief fund was
taken yesterday at the First Presbyterian
Church. The money will be turned over
to the Red^Cross Society.
The pupils' of Miss Morton's school «r«
makinR a collection of money.
A "chicken pie" luncheon will b© griven
on Tuesday. September 25. for the bene
fit of the Galveston sufferers, under th»
auspices of the "Woman's Alliance. Fifty
cent3 will be charged for the luncheon,
which will be spread in the parlors of the
Unitarian church between 11:30 a. m. and
1 p m. The rooms will be prettily deco
rated for the occasion. The committee m
charce Includes Mrs. F. II. Barnes, chair
man- Mrs. C. H. Redington. Mrs. A. B.
M. Marcnie «fc Co. 25 OO
Total *»io OO
By the Red Cross Society:
lied Cross of Oakland.... $10O OO
J. CJ. Levenaaler 10 OO
•*• W« Htiilnm ............. % OO
Jamex tfUchrlate R OO
Hod Crou of Oleta 1 OO
i«^n Frnnnixcu liar • Pilot**
Association .*...... 1O<> OO
A Stranger 2 OO
.Mr*. Hubert Mackenzie.... 2 SO
Mm. F 1 Ol»
MM M. A. **» an .-> OO
IJr. Vlrcinln Smiley IS <W»
Mian .Johnson ft OO
Lailr Friend 1 OO
J. V.'llkie 1 OO
Mr>. llrookmnn . •••• • • • • ••- 1 Ot)
II. \V. Farsro. . . S OO
S. Foster & to 20 OO
Total ; .- f 2«2 SO^,
By the Chamber of Commerce* ~
SJirevo A To * SO OO
Matthew Turner to OO
Atexniitle'r Vonns. ......... 23 OO
(ieorKP Goodman. ......... 1<> OO
T. I). E. Wilson;.*.'* 5 OO
Mr. Allen, Chief Engi
neer Doric 5 OO
Rohrrt Dollar .- lOOO
J. C. Johnson A Co 5O OO
I :i m in & nowen 10 OO
It. D. Ilame 2O OO
llonentell A Co 1O OO
Wm. II. .Marnton ~. . ... 1O OO
Alnskn Packer*' A«s'n.. . .-. 100 OO
Total 91.672 OO
Tky .Mayor Phelant
.Mary and Willie Hntchln
*on. l,im!«uy. Cal f3 T3
Harold X. I'ower. Mlchiuan
IllafT. Placer Connty 2O OO
A. 5. Hell, Chief »f St. He
lena Fire Department... 13 OO
C. V. FoMtcr. Cornlnsr. Cal.. 1O OO
U. I> K OO
Total *53 73
By the State Committee, thronscl*
Mr. IXclInian:
State Ilonrd of Harbor
Comminsioner* $230 00
I. AV. Helliuan 1OO OO
Mrs. Jane I.. Stanford RO OO
Chnrle.i G. Lalhrop -O OO
Citizens of elty of Healda
l.nrc. Cnl 103 OO
Member* of Clo-vlw I'nlon
HlKh School. Clovls. Cal.. 4 73
Ward Memorial Chapel,
Alameda 6 OO
Thi-imcli Mr. Spreckelii
California and Hawaiian
Suunr Keflnlncr Co $1OO OO
J. I>. Spreekelw & Bros. Co. . lOO OO
National lee Company lOO OO
i Western I'nlon Itefininfir Co. lOO OO a
Oceanic Steamship Co 10O OO 7
Independent Electric I.lclit
nnd Power Co lOO OO
Clans Spreekel*. 1OO OO
AInmedn Sncar Co ."»«> OO
¦ Makalaa Plantation Co.... 1OO OO
Welch & Co lOO OO
Throneh Rank of Callfornlai
; nank of California $,"»OO OO
TV Rronn 2O OO
Kx-Chlef of Police Lees. ... 2O OO
Grand Lndse, F. nnd A. 31. 1,000 0O
A. W ~ »» <W
C. U. Ilixhop SO O4>
I, T. Monltoo 1« < M >
A. T. Corbns 1O O«>
Mr«. Wm. Alvord S3 OO
K. A. flammeramlth, ...... 1 OO
I'nul Goodloe I* ' 1 OO
Jacob IJarth 1<> OO
Total , .»3.22O 7:t_
Total 9 5' 41S °«
Previously acknowledKed. l-l,lf<-» 4O
Total to date $10,603 3tt
Money Still Pouring Info the Fund
for Relief of the Galveston
Storm Victims.
Subscriptions to the Galveston relief
fund began pouring in with renewed vigor
yesterday. The State committee has
taken hold of the matter nnd its plan of
organization is already showing its ef
fect. More than three thousand dol
lars was turned into the various mem
bers of the committee during the day ana
the alacrity with which it came in gives
promise of much more to come. In the
afternoon the secretary of the committee.
L. M. King, wired $1000 to the Governor
of Texas.
The day wa3 spent by the committee
in arranging for toe spread of its organi
zation as far as the State lines. Cir
culars were sert out to ev.ry
Mayor, every chairman of every
county Board of Supervisors, every
Sheriff and the editor of every
newspaper, informing them of the or
ganization of the committee and asking
that they organize themselves, if they
have not already done so, and in any case
to report their progress to the State
committee so that an accurate record of
the amount subscribed by the State may
be kept. The State committee does not
wish to hamper any movement already on
toot, nor to dictate in any way how or
when money should be sent, ttut it does
wish, in addition to securing all the
money possible, to keep an accurate ac
count po that the well Known generosity
of California can be once more proved to
its fullest extent.
The Red cross Society is doing good
work at 308 Sutter street. Mrs. J. K.
Looslev, Mrs. Kobert Mackenzie, Mrs.
Shaw "and Mrs. Baum were in charge
yesterday and to-day Mrs. Loosley. Mrs.
Mackenzie and Mrs. Breyfogle will be in
charge. The ladies were delighted with
a donation from the Emporium yester
day, consisting of sixteen new flannel
gowns. ! They will be sent on at once,
'there were numerous donations of cloth
ing, all in good condition, and also quite
a substantial sum in money.
The Board of Trade made some addi
tions to its list yesterday and it expects
more to-day. Its list will be closed after
this evening, for subscriptions can then go
through the State committee. This dow
not mean, however, that the tfoard of
Trade will refuse any money offered, but
only that there will be no list kept. Any
thing it receives will be at once turned
over to the State committee.
At a meeting of the delegates of the dif
ferent German singing societies last Sun
riav it was decided to give a great song
festival in aid of the fund. This will be
given in Metropolitan Tt-mple next Mon
day evening. September 24. As the short
ness of the time will not permit the man
agers of the affair to communicate with
all who would like to take part, they wish
to announce that all male singers who
wish to assist are requested to attend a
rehearsal in Turner Hall. 323 Turk street.
Thursday evening next at 8 o'clock. They
must bring with them the music of the
following well known songs: "Uedcr;
freiheit," Marschner; "Heute Scheidich.
Isenmann; "In Einem Kuchlen." Grunde;
Volkslled. "Wie Hab Ich Sie Geliebt,"
Moehrig. ' .
The sub-committee In charge of the no
tification of the singers is composed of F.
W. Dohrmann, Fr. Gerken and A\ ilh.
Zimmermann. _;
A few days pgo Grand Recorder C. T.
Spencer of the California jurisdiction of
the Ancient Order of I'nited Workmen
sent a telegram south to ascertain if any
of the members of the order were in dis
tress by reason of the great disaster.
Yesterday he .received a reply as follows
from Past Supreme Master \V. S. Robson,
who is a resident of La Grange, Texas:
" September 16.
C. T. Spencer, srand recorder. A. O. V. W.,
San Francisco: Just returned from the East.
Our people are in great distress Contributions
•will be gratefully received. Send to J. 13.
Reed grand recorder, Bryan. Tex.
W. S, ROBSON.
Immediately upon receipt of this, the
frand recorder communicated with Grand
laster Snook In Alameda and he gave
notice that he will send a circular to all
lodges If the jurisdiction of California
calling for each lodge to contribute a per
caplta of ten cents, which will amount in
the aggregate to about r25OO.
The grand recorder then pent a tele
graphic exchange for $500 to Grand Re
corder Reed with instructions to use that
amount, until more was sent, for the ben
efit of distressed members of the order
in Texas.
A grand benefit entertainment, thf en
tire receipts of which are to be donated
to the relief of the Galveston sufferers,
will be given at Sherman, Clay & Co.'a
Hall £23 Sutter street, next Saturday
evening. The following donations have
been made: Hall. Messrs. Sherman. Clay
& Co.; printing. Messrs. Francis. Valen
tine & Co.; music. Musicians' Protective
Union. The 'following prominent profes
sionals will take part: Slgnor Abramon*.
Miss Paraskova Sandelin, Little Arnold
Grazer and Hazel Callahan. Senor Var
gas Miss Sophie Rottanzi. Forsyth-
Whalton-Korsyth. character sketch art
ists, the Royal Hawaiian Quintette and
Glee Club. Miss Mamie Chandler. Master
Melville Coakley. child .pianist: Miss Sadie
Dow and Miss Ethel Fleming.
The following telegram was sent by the
Chamber of Commerce yesterday:
James G. Payers. Governor Texas. Austin:
Sent Hth lnst. $712 and 15th $S35 to S. H.
Brashear. Mayor of Houston, an, I give to-day
$425 to California State committee for trans
mittal to Galveston fund. Chamber of Com
merce. CHAHLES NELSON, president.
It brought to-night this answer:
AUSTIN. Tex., Pert 15.
Georjre A. Newhall. Chamber of Commerce.
San Francisco- Telegram received. I thank
you and the members *>f the Chamber of Com
merce very much for your assurances of sym
pathy. All contributions in money should he
made to me and in provisions and clothing to
tha chairman of relief committee. Galveston,
Tex. JAMES G. SAVERS, Governor.
Subscriptions were received* ye&terday
as follows:
Ily Board of Tradet
Meyewteln & Co I? 2S OO
AV. Klelnher 1O oo
C. II. Mojer «fc nro 1O OO
Louis Kline & Co US OO
Boston Woven llo»e nnd
Rubher Company 2."5 OO
Schwcitxer & Co -•> OO
Jii.1m.ii Mnnnfnctnrlnu Co.. 20 OO
M. Scheyer & Hro 1O OO
A. Shlrek * Co 2»» «M>
Pnydt, Upham & Co 23 OO
MOUNTING TOWARD
TWENTY THOUSAND
ATHLETES ASSIST IN THE
GREAT CAUSE OF CHARITY
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 18, 190O
SEATTLE. Sett. IT. ~The steamer City et
Grand RarWs. buil* for the Yulcon trad?,
burred to the water's edse In the west Seattle
hartor to-day. She was valued at $?\CCO.
TROPICAL CYCLONE IS
RAGING IN BERMUDA
2
To Cure a Cold in One Day
Tnk» Laxative Bromo Quinine Tablets. All
drurKlrt* refund U* money If Jt fall* to cure.
S. V.'. Grove> signature is oo eacb box. 2S& *
I ....OLD RELIABLE.... |
« With Offices in Portland, Or., San Francisco. Cal., Seattle. Waai. jg
£ ANY WORK DONE BY US THAT DOES NOT PROVE SATISFACTORY WILL g
g BE ATTENDED TO FREE OF CHARGE AT OUR NEAREST 'OFFIOE. §
I FULL SET OF TEETH, $500. |
I Gold Crown $5 00 ?& FIATES |Ji|fk^ |
§ Geld Filling. $1.00 f^ °^U£n^^^^! |
I Bridgework.. $5.00 g
I 'Teeth Extracted Absolutely Without Pain. j
W "We are making a specialty of koM crown and bridge wrrk; the most beautiful,
G painless and durable of all dental wcrk known to the profession. Our name alone «
Q will be a jraarantee that your work will be of the best. VVV have a specialist In each W
8 department. Best curators, best Bold workmen an>! extractors of teeth; In fact, all ¦£>
w the staff are Inventors of modern dentistry. We will tell ytu In advance exactly what C»
w your work wyi cost by free examlnatloa Give us a call anl you will find we do ex- q
Q actly as we advertise. V$
I New York Dental Parlors, 1
I 723 MARKET STREET, San Francisco, Cal. : ,sk
§ BRANCH OFFITFSS -PORTLAND. OR g
» DKrtlNLd urr ILti| SEATTLE, WASH. IMEXICO'S NATIONAL , .;
HOLIDAY OBSERVED
Special Dispatch to Th« Call.
•BAN RAFAEL. Sept. 17.— Superior Judge
V. M. Angellotti this morning handed
down a lengthy decision in tho matter ot
the application of the State Board of Fish
Commissioners for a writ of mandate to
compel Justice of tho Pence Dahl of No
vato Township to allow Sheriff Taylor to
summon a venire cf jurors from the body
of the county to try a number of Chinese
who are charged with having violated the
law prohibiting the taking of small flsh.
At the attempted trial of the Chinese the
constable brought every eligible resident
of the township into court and still a jury
could not be obtained to try the. case, ow
ing to the fact that most of the men
summoned declared they would not be
lieve a Chinese under oath. When it was
apparent that a jury could not be sworn
In the township the prosecution askeu
that Justice Dahl have the Sheriff obtain
a venire from the county. This the Judge
refused to do: henre the application for
the writ of mandate.
In his decision to-day Judge Angellottt
held ithat the respondent's demurrer to
the petition was well taken: that there
was no lav/ that would permit a jury to
be drawn outside of the township having
jurisdiction over tne case, and that Judge
Dahl was right In his refusal.
It is said that this decision will affect
about thirty oases of other Chinese fishei
men who have been arrested for similar
offenses. The spasmodic arrests of the
Chinese, who cannot help catching fish
while capturing shrimp, have never been
popular in this county, and when the
Mongols were brought to trial an acquit
tal usually resulted.
Violators of the Fish JjZ.vt to Be Re
leased Because Novato Residents
Ilcfuss to Bslieve a Mon
gol Under Oath.
LACK OF JURY GIVES
FREEDOM TO CHINESE
'Warring' on the Saloon.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SANTA CRUZ. Sept. 17,-The Anti-
Saioon league !s to open a campaign on
the question of "Saloon or No Saloon?"
In this county. Members of that league
are circulating petitions for signatures,
asking the Supervisors to have, "saloon
or no saloon" placed on the ballot at the
coming election, so as to give the resi
dents an opportunity to vote on this ques
tion.
?
Boseburg's Street Fair.
Special D1er*.tcli to The Call.
nOSERfJRG, Sept. 17.— The street fair
opened to-day. Five thousand visitors
were in town. The parade was the largest
and finest ever seen here. L. A. Sanc
tuary, king of the carnival, tm attended
by knights and courtiers and Miss Helen
Willis, the queen, by Misses Addle Sacrey.
Sylva Stearns, Eva Jacobs and Elena
Reed, who rode in a beautiful float
trimmed In white. They were heartily ap
plauded along the entire line of march.
KIDNAPS HIS CHTLDHEN.
Arizona Father Gets Into the Toils
in Ttilare County. ..;;.•
VIS ALIA. Sept. 17.— William Beebe. a
man hailing from Kinsman, Arizona, to
day kidnaped three small children from
this city and v.-ent to Tulare. expecting to
tak* them to Arizona. Beebe and his
wife have not been living, together for
fome time and a montli apo she located
in VlsalhU brin^ine: the children with her.
The father wanted them and resorted to
this means of gaining possession of them.
He was arrested at Tulare and returned
here this evening with Al Payne of Por
terville.'an accomplice In the plot.
One Result of the Extension of the
Northwestern From Ukiah to
Willits.
Sp^.ial Dispatch to The Call.
UKIAH. Sept. 17.— The Callfqrnla and
Xorthwestern Railroad extension, upon
which actual construction work has al
ready been commenced at this point, will
be built at onre northward to Wllllts—
about thirty miles by survey. It will ul
timately be extended northward from
.Willits toward Humboldt. either via
Laytonville and Ten-mile River or by
Jackson Valley, l^irge supplies of rails,
ties ar.d other material are arriving daily
at L'kiah.' The contractors. Messrs. Muir
Bros. & Muir. are rushing things to com
plete the first section before the rains
begin.
This extension will be an Important
factor In the development of the north
ern coast section. Mills will be estab
lished in the vicinity of Willits. where
there are large bodies of splendid red
wood timber. The promoters Intend to
develop an Kastern market for redwood
lumber, and the conditions are tfuch that
cars may be loaded at the mills on the
California and Northwestern Railroad
and sent direct to Chicago" or any East
ern point -without rehandling. fhereby
saving the heavy expense of reshipping
and the Ioes by breakage which Is now
incurred by sea coast lumbermen.
When extended north from Willits the
road will pass within a few miles of the
Mendocino coal fields, which from all
appearances are the most extensive and
tho bept on the Pacific Coast south of
Wellington, British Columbia.
EASTERN MARKET FOR
CALIFORNIA REDWOOD
DISAPPEARS SUDDENLY
AFTER STAGE ROBBERY
Sierra's Sheriff. Searching for a Man
Believed to Have Held TJp tho
Doiraieville Coach.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEVADA. Sept. 17.— Sheriff Burch of
Sierra County is hunting for a swarthy,
mysterious man named Solario, who dis
appeared suddenly and without explana
tion the afternoon before the Downieville
stage was held up last Saturday. The
Sheriff says Solaria's de?cription ; tallies'
with that given by Driver Gaffney of the
lone highwayman who brought the stage
to such a sudden standstill on Xigger HIU
grade, relieved Editor Eschbacher, the
solitary passenger, of thirty of his hard
earned dollars, and then, when the stage
had continued on its trip by his command,
broke open the empty treasure box that
had been thrown out to him. The wrecked
box waa found to-day in the bni3h and
brought to the company's office here to-
The" Sherman cabin, ten miles this side
of the f=cene of tho holdup, was lootod
during the absence of Mr. Sherman and
his wife, the latter'3 gold watch and chain
and some Drovisions being taken. This
theft is charged to the stage robber.
Solario, the suspect, had -been In that
vicinity since the middle of last summer.
For a time he worlied at Meek & Mar
tin's sawmill, six miles from Campton
vllle. Two weeks ago he appeared at the
town of Pike, and since then he has» beer,
ostensibly pocket hunting in the Oregon
Creek mining district. He was last sepn
on" Friday afternoon at Ruben St. Clair's
cabin on the creek. He nad a double
barreled shotgun such as the hlehwayman
had who stopped the sta^e. He wanted
St. Clair to trade him some giant powder
for black powder, saying he nad blasting
to >do. Careful watch is being kept for
him by the officers of the neighboring
counties. %
INTERESTS THE COAST.
sions Granted.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PostofUce Changes and List of Pen-
WASHINGTON. Sept. 17.— A postofflee
has been established at Doble. San Ber
nardino County, and Charles L.* Metzgar
appointed Postmaster.
Postoffices to be discontinued on Sep
tember 29: Bowers. Riverside, to be sup-
Dlied by rural free delivery; mail should
be ser.t to San Jaclnto. Hart, Shasta
County; mail should be sent to White
House.
Postmasters commissioned: California —
John II. Clewett. Wlllard: Ephruim F.
Booker, Jacksonville. Oregon— Lulu L.
Caldwell. Murphy.
Appointed: California— t)scar E. Mays,
Ozena. Ventura County, vice William A.
Dorn. resigned. Oregon — Roy D. Butler,
Boyd, Wasco County, vice C. H. South
ern, resigned: Eva B. Rumble, Joseph,
Wallawa County, vice G. F. Conley, re
signed. *
Pensions Issued:' California— Increase —
Robert Owens, Soldiers. Home. Los An
geles, 512: Charles Hummet. San Fran
cisco. $8. War with Spain. original-
James R. McKell. Los Angeles. $6.
- Oregon— Original — John Wilson, Chad
well, IS. Increase— George M. Decker
Soldiers' Home, Roseburg, $12.
Washington— Original— Charles W. Cof
field. HontLsona, $S; Charles C. Field
Puyallup. $10. ¦
DEATH THE FATE
OF A CONSPIRATOR
Minister of War Castro of Salvador
Executed Because of a Plot
Against the Republic's
President.
SAN* DIEGO. Sept. 17.—The Cosmos
steamer Herodot, which sailed from Ham
burg, Germany, on-Juns 10. arrived here
yesterday afternoon. She brought thirty
seven passengers," including the families
of Senor Calderon, Peruvian Minister to
Washington, and Dr. Guachalla, Boliv
ian Minister to the United States. Twen
ty-two passengers were landed here.
Officers of the Herodot tell of tho quick
suppression of aa Incipient insurrection
at Salvador. Minister of War Castro
was the Instigator of a plot to remove
the present President. Thomas Regalado.
and have hlmsnf proclaimed President of
the republic. In hia plans to bring about
the Insurrection Castro deemed it neces
sary to remove the colonel of the bar
racks, and shot him down ih cold blood.
It was not known' until after his arrest
for that crime that the murder was a
part of the plot to overthrow the pres
ent Government, but in the Investigation
that followed the whole sobeT^o \vm. "*•
earthed. .Castro was found guilty of mur
der and at 5 o'clock on the afternoon of
September 3 he. was shot by order of the
President. With the death of the leader
the threatened insurrection subsided.
Preaches His Farewell Sermon.
Siwclal Dispatch to The Call.
SANTA CRUZ. Sept. 17.—Rev; William
KohUcnbcrger. who for five years has
served thn local German Methodist church
as pastor, preached his farewell sermon
last evening at the church before, a large
congregation. Tie will leave this week
for his new field of labor at Anaheim.
His successor Is Rev. Mr. Shields of Pasa
dena.
Run Down by a Train.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CROCKETT. Sept. 17.— Fred Klemm. an
employe of the Selby smelter, while re
turning from work was struck and killed
by/ the Los Angeles vest -bound overland
train here this evening. He was a native
of Germany, aged 48, and leaves a family.
He formerly resided la Cordelia, 1
Given Santos Moreno His Death
Wound at San Luis
Obispo.
MORELLO ACCUSED
BY CORONER'S JURY
Formally Charged With Having
Special Dispatch to The CalL
SAN LUIS OBISPO, Sept. 17.— The in-
quest upon the body of Santos Moreno,
who was shot and killed by Simon Mor
'ello, was conducted to-night. Only two
witnesses were examined. Their testi
mony was conflicting, but established be
yond doubt Morello did the shooting.
Foreman Pollard of the jury returned a
verdict that Moreno came to his death
from a gunshot wound inflicted by Mor
ello. ,
Never in the annals of crime In this
county has a case elicited ' deeper inter
est than has this, for which Simon Mor
ello will be formally arraigned before the
Superior Court.
Moreno was buried in the Catholic
Cemetery in unconsecrated ground on
Saturday, his mother and sister attending.
Mrs. Morello attended a ball at Santa
Margarita on the day of the funeral.
RAILWAY MEN CONFER.
Work on Salt Lake-Los Angeles Line
May Start Within Thirty Days.
SALT LAKE, Sept. 17.— T. E. Gibbon,
vice president of the Los Angeles Term
inal Railway, arrived here yesterday and
has been in conference to-day with Hon.
Thomas Kearns and other leading men
interested in the proposed railroad be
tween Salt Lake and .Los Angeles. A
meeting will be held here at! the end of
the week, upon the arrival of Senator
Clark. The promoters of the enterprise
are confident that tlie work on the road
will begin within thirty days after the
necessary 1 terminal faculties are secured
in this city.
Aid for the Pima Indians.
PHOENIX. Sept. 17.-The Department
of the Interior is taking steps to prevent
further suffering amonfe the Pima In
dijwis on the Sacaton reservation.' caused
by the scarcity of Irrigation water. Col
onel E. H. Graves Is here from Washing
ton to make an examination of the con
ditions on the reservation and report any
method of relief that Is practical. He has
investigated thoroughly and has planned
a system by which the*, underflow- in the
Gila River may be raised to the surface
in summer and a supply of water devel
oped sufficient to Irrigate many hundreds
of acres now uncultivated.
Weds a Sausalito Miss.
Special . I>isr>atch to" The Call.
SAN RAFAEL, Sept. 17.— Sausalito was
the scene of a pretty wedding to-day
when Miss MIna A. Crandal was united
In marriage to Thomas S. Milton Jr.. at
the residence of the bride's parents. The
beat ' man was W. R. Milton, and the
bride was attended by her sister, Miss
Edith Crandal. The ceremony was per
formed by, Rev. .G.L. Gardener of Lark
spur. Telegrams of congratulation were
received from many parts of the world
The presents were many and costly. Th.*a
afternoon , Mr. and Mrs. Milton departed
on their wedding tour. After stopping at
Skaggs Springs a few days they, will make
an extensive tour of the coast. _,, „_ '
PACIFIC GROVE, Sept. 17.— The Cali
fornia Methodist Episcopal Confer
ference is nearing the end of its
labors, and to-morrow will witness
the close of the session. Much im
portant work was disposed, of to-day, but
interest now centers in the appointments
to pastorates for the coming year, which
will be announced to-morrow.
The morning meeting was called to or
der at 9 o'clock by Bishop Hamilton. Dr.
Robert Bentley, presiding elder of tho
Sacramento district, the largest district
In point of territory In the entire confer
ence, was called for and presented the
report of work carried forward in his dis
trict during the past year. Marked im
provement in all lines of church work
was shown, especially among the young
men of Fome portions of the district.
This is the last time a report of this dis
trict as a whole will be presented to this
conference, for it is one of those to un
dergo a readjustment and possibly a dlvi-,
slon.
Several visitors were presented to the
members of this conference. They were:
H. P. MaGlll. agent for the Methodist
Insurance concern; Professor Milton S.
Vail of Janan. Albert L: Hazlett of Ne
vada and Dr. W. S. Mathews of I^cs An
geles.
Dr. George, Clifford of W.atsonville. in
behalf of the conference, presented a e.ine
to Dr. A. H. Ncedham, the former secre
tary, as a testimonial of thanks and es
teem for his longr and faithful work aa
an officer of this conference.
Reports of effective elders in the San
Dr. Kummer then arose and told the
conference of Dr. Bovard's work in Chl
natov.-n during the quarantine. Dr. Bo
vard having had himself inoculated with
the plague serum In order to act as in
termediary between the Chinese and the
Health Board. Dr.. Bovard received round
after round of applause for his heroism.
Dr. James M. King of Philadelphia was
then presented and addressed the body
briefly on the work of the M. E. Church
Extension Society, of which he is Ameri
can secretary.
The final report 1 - of presiding elders
was that, of Dr. F. D. Bovarfl, who has
had charge .of the Chinese district since
the death of Dr. F.. J. Masters In February
last. The report showed the splendid con
dition of affairs throughout the district
ar.d a high tribute was paid by Dr. Bo
vard to the memory of Dr. Masters,
"who." he said, "literally gave his life
for the Chinese." lie spoke of the great
love and respect in which the Chinese
held Dr. Masters and of their having
raised *265 to erect a monument to his
memory. Dr. Bovard also said a good
word for the Six Companies and their ef
forts to keep order in Chinatown during
the trying time of the quarantine.
The report of the committee on book
concern was presented by Dr. E. D. Mc-
Creary and adopted. It contained a reso
lution pledtfing the support of this con
ferenco to the new commission appointed
by the" recent General Conference to take
charge of the affairs of the San Francisco
book concern. Rolla V. Watt of San
Krancisco is chairman of the commission.
1 Francisco district were called for and
i each gave tho amount of his collections
for benevolences.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
The afternoon session convened at 2
o'clock. Dr. Dille presiding. The time was
occupied in hearing the reports of con
ference committees and the statistical sec
retary. Resolutions of thanks to the
press, the Southern Pacific and Pacific
Improvement Companies, Superintendent
Filben of Pacific Grove and the confer
ence officers were unanimously adopted,
after which a recess was taken to 7:30
o'clock. -
i Dr. Dllle presided at the evening ses
sion. Dr. Bovard. who has charge of the.
campaign for the exemption of church
property in California from taxation, ad
dressed the body on the need of united ef
fort if tho measure is to be carried at
the coming election, the present outlook
being that it would be defeated. Two
hundred and sixty dollars was raised to
carry on the campaign.
A tremendous sensation was produced
by the report of the committee on tem
perance, presented by Dr. John A. B. Wil
son of San Francisco. It contained among
others a resolution pledging the confer
ence not to support any political party
not having an anti-liquor plank in its
platform, and to support only an abso
lutely prohibition party. A stormy argu
ment resulted on the point that the ques
tions involved were purely political and
committed the members of the body to
vote for John G. "Woolley and his entire
ticket. Dr. Wilson finally withdrew the
resolutions.
One notable action of tho morning waa
the adoption by a unanimous vote of reso
lutions offering the sympathy of this con
ference to Dr. and Mrs. David Starr Jor
dan in the death of their daughter, Bar
bara.
SANTA CRUZ. Sept. 17.— The six hun
dred and ninth anniversary of the inde
pendence of Switzerland was celebrated
under the auspices of the Santa Cruz
Swiss Club with a. picnic and barbecue at
V.'agTKrs Park. About COO persons were
present. There were patriotic speeches
and dancing. At noon a barbecue was
enjoved. F. B, Waltl. M. Varozza and J.
Kllliklni had the barbecue In chaxre. The
Arion Sinking- Society rendered a number
ct i- elections. In the evening a dance was
Ji*liG*aha Swiss House,
Swiss Independence Celebrated.
EpecUI DirratflJ <o Tlie Call.
May Ba Shut Out of Stockton.
F;*<-!a! UiFratrb to The Call.
STOCKTON. Sept. 17.— The Supervisors
to-day referred the matter o/ the fran
chise cf the Sacramento and San Joaquin
Vallev road on North-street canal to Su
pervisor French, with the understanding
that he will report in favor of denying it
and granting the protest.
The board is •nlllins to *rrant a franchise
nver a route which does not destroy as
much property as the one th^ road insists
en havinp. The. attitude of tho managers
probably will result in the road bein?
fhut out of the city.
Sacramento and San Joaquin Road
de:jied a tranchise.
STOCKTON. Se-,)t. J7.— To-day marked
the opening of tho big: district fair and
much interest was shown in the inauRu
ration of the two weeks' event. Twelve
caj-loads of horses arrived from Sacra
mento yesterday and the racers were
taken to the track. The horsemen are en
thu«=iaptSc ovrr the Stockton track and
F.i— that 1t is the best one In the State.
At tho r iav ' !ion tl10 exhibitors are busy
pettlnp thfir displays into shape. The
f.oor f=r ar e will be Oiled. Amontj the most,
noticeable will be the new San Joaquin
County exhibit, under the management
of J. t>. Huffman. Tulare's produce ex
hibit arrived vesterday and was set up
to-day. The Fresno exhibit will b« in the
west "wing. There will be no sot pro
gramme in the pavilion for the first week.
Tine Display cf the San Joaquln
Valley's Products.
Epfdal DIM a tcli to The Ca!L
STOCKTON'S FAIB OPENS.
.In the l>:p Wiekersham estate-to-day the
flrFt annual account was settled and $25,
000 set aside for each of the heirs.
SANTA ROSA. Sept. 17.— Mayer James
T>. Ph<Sa:i of San Francisco figured in the
local cbuxtJ to-«3ay. Several months ago
Mayor Pholan purchased from the heirs
of the late Petalum.-i millionaire banker.
I. G. Wickersham. a tract of land in
Fouth Park. Ban Francisco^ upon which
to errct the library building: donated by
him to that municipality. The local
courts confirmed tho salo and all was sup
poFed to lie w;eii until this morning, when
the attorneys for th" Wickersham estate
asked, to have the order oonfirmins the
pale' of the Land In Mayor Phflan re
voked.- The order was granted. The title
tn the lan«1 is* inr~urnl>ere<i by a clause
prohibiting the sale of liquor thereon and
Myor Phfl^n r^fus^d to consummate the
rin'al on this= nroount.
brary to the Miyor Ordered
Eevoked.
Fp»<-i3> DI«J*tcb to Th* <*a!!.
Eale of a Site for the South Park Li-
PHELAN OBJECTS TO
PROHIBITION CLAUSE
ern Pacific Company.
LOS ANGELES. Sept. 17.— According to
the Evening Express a letter has been
received here from a prominent railroad
official in New York stating that H. E.
Huntington will not succeed his uncle in
the presidency of the Southern Pacific,
and that the most likely candidate- at
present is T. D. Truesdale of the Dela
ware. Lackawanna and Western.
Probable New President of the South-
TRTTESDAIiE SLATED.
Former English. Barrister Under Ar-
rest at Willows.
WILLOWS, Sept. 17.— F. Holden Ham
erton, formerly an English barrister, but
now a day laborer. Is In Jail for passing
1 two bogus checks on a couple of busi
ness men here. The checks amount fy
$108 50. Both were drawn on the Bank,
,*of Willows. One waa signed "F. H.
Hamerton," the other "Henry St. Louis."
St. Louis i3 a wealthy rancher of tho
i county. Hamerton obtained J40 60 In cash
and the balance in goods. Two charges
are lodged against him. on© for forgery
and the other for obtaining money and
goods under false pretenses.
PASSES BOGUS CHECKS.
Interest at Pacific Grove Centers in To-Day's
Appointment of Methodist Clergymen to
Their Pastorates for the Year.
THE BISHOP ANT> PRESIDING ELJ5ERS OF THE CALIFORNIA METHODIST CONFERENCE "WHICH IS NOW
BRINGING TO A CLOSE AT PACIFIC GROVE- AN ANNUAL SESSION FRAUGHT WITH ACTION OF IM
PORTANCE TO THE WELFARE OF THE CHURCH.
"T met several moneyed men wanting to
buy claims and they told mo that they
could find none for sale. The Bluestone
district adjacent to Nome has been show
ing up very rich. Good reports were be
insr received from the Golovan Bav dis
trict also. The Wild Goose Railway,
which runs from Nome nine miles back
into the Interior, is doing a gTeat busi
ness. Its rolling stock consists of an en
gine and four freight cars, and this train
makes three trips daily. Great crowds
are coming- and going all the time. The
road is to be extended to Fort Clarence
and the Blu««tone district, a distance of
eighty milps."
"Although many Nome claims have
been tied up in receivership litigation
and the country has been suffering from
a severe drought, the season's gold out
put will be not less than $3,000,000 and
may reach $5,000,000. The camp is now
do\*n to a working 1 basis. Most of the
surplus population has moved on and fully
ten thousand people are preparing- to
spend the winter there. The claim that
the beach diggings are worked out Is un
true. When I was there over 1500 men
were digging gold from the Nome beaches
and they were taking out from $10 to $25 a
dav to the man.
The stampede to the Bluestone country
gains proportions daily. A dozen steam
craft have been put on the run from nome
to Port Clarence and are carrying crowds
of passengers on every' trip. All reports
from the new digging? are of the most
glowing description. Claims are held at
high figures and offers to purchase are
far in excess of owners to i»eil.
James D. Hoge Jr.. president of the
First National Bank of this city, returned
on the Valencia. He says:
The steam craft In Nome harbor or
which had temporarily put to sea when
the Valencia sailed were the Roanoke.
the Charles D. L»ane, the Sequoia, the
Charles Nelson, the J. S. Kimball. the
Alliance, the revenue cutter McCulloch,
the Oregon, the Thrasher, the Dora, the
Discovery and the barg-e Spokane.
Two deaths recently occurred in Nome
from natural causes— those of Joseph B.
Billings, a New Yorker, whose familv re
side at 803 MePharian street, Flint, Mich.;
and Paul Kolatsch.
The disaster to the lighterage business
is likely to prove serious. It is said that
every lighter owned by the North Amer
ican Transportation and Trading Coir
pany was ground to pieces. The Alaska
Exploration Company," the Alaska Com
mercial Company and the Seattle-Yukon
Company were also heavy losers.
In Nome harbor the storm had raged
four days when the Valencia left. Hun
dreds of lighters were driven ashore and
the beach was strewn with wreckage- All
the large craft in the harbor had to put
out to :<ea to avoid stranding. The Valen
cia's officers heard that there were six
persons known to have been drowned and
three others were missing: but communi
cation with the shore was uncertain and
every one was looking out for himself and
his own ship, so no one on board learned
the names of those drowned or any of the
facts of the accidents.
SEATTLE. Sept. 17.— In the face of one
of the worst etorms ever experienced off
the northern coast, the steamship Valen
cia put out from Nome on September 5,
arriving: here to-day. The storm was con
fined to Bearing Sea, and, after passing
into the Pacific, the Valencia enjoyed a
quiet run.
Special Dispatch to Ttia OrJI.
All of the Harbor Vessels of the
North American Transportation
and Trading Company Are
Destroyed.
At Least Six Persons Are Known to
Have Perished and Hundreds of
Lighters Are Driven Ashore.
Terrific Gale Causes Loss of
Life ana Damage to
Property.
WRECKED CRAFT
STREWN ALONG
NOME'S BEACH
Towns Talks at Tacoma.
TACOMA, Sept. 17.— Hon. Charles A.
Towne addressed a largo and generally
enthusiastic audience here to-night. Ha
spoke substantially as at other places.
SAN LUIS OBISPO. Sept. 17.— WHIfara.
C. Graves, Democratic nominee for Con
gress, denies the rumor in a dispatch from
Los Angeles that he intends to withdraw
from the field. Mr. Graves Is detained In.
the Superior Court on an Important case.
He will begin his campaign on Septem
ber 26.
Graves Yet in the Ha.cs.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
H. C. Keintz presented the convention
with two great watermelons. One. labeled
"Prosperity," weighed fifty-two pounds;
the other, bearing the legend "More Pros
perity," tipped the scales at fifty-six
pounds.
SUTTER CREEK. Sept. 17.— The Rejrafc
lican County Convention met here to-day.
It was called to order by ex-Senator Yoor
hees. P. A. Clute of Volcano and "W. A.
Xewcura of Jackson were elected perma
nent chairman and secretary, respectively.
William Tam, William Amick and E. B.
Moore were nominated for Supervisors
from Townships Nos. 1. 2 and 4. Fred L.
Stewart of lone and Claude M. Smith of
Jackson were placed In nomination far
Assemblymen The ballot resulted in a
vote of 32 to 25 in favor of Stewart. John,
F. Davis of Jackson addressed the con
vention on the issues of the day.
Special Dispatch to The Call
"Prosperity" and "More Prosperity' 1
Represented in Two Monster
Watermelons Presented
to the Convention,
William Tarn, William Amick and
E. B. Moore Will Make the Race
for Supervisorial Honors.
Fred L. Stewart ol lone
Gets the Nomination for
Assemblyman.
REPUBLICANS OF
AMADOR COUNTY
NAME A TICKET
The final decision on this claim will af
fect the State to the extent of millions of
dollars. As the special attorney for Sac
ramento County. Attorney Gett in 1892
collected $20,000 from the State from the
same source of appropriation. •
It Is very likely that the State Board of
Examiners will reject the claim. If such
action be taken by the board, mandamus
proceedings will be instituted against its
members, and the matter be thus brought
to an issue.
The several counties of the State have
whenever the occasion arose paid money
for the support of these persons, and sub
sequently received from the State the
rame amount of monev in return. It has
been the rule of the State Board of Ex
aminers in allowing claims of this char
acter to pay to the several counties the
exact amount that it has cost them to
support and maintain these wards of the
State. The attorney of Contra Costa
claims, however, that that county Is enti
tled to the full sum of $100. or $75. as the
case may be, for each orphan., half or
phan or abandoned child that it has sup
ported and maintained. Since the pas
sage of the act of 1SS0 the State has paid
to Contra. Costa County $17,519 86, while
the county claims that there was due $31,
034 84, which leaves a balance of $13,514 98.
for the payment of which the claim is
presented.
SACRAMENTO. Sept. 17.— There was
presented to the State Board of Exami
ners thin afternoon by Attorney W. A.
Qett Jr. of this city a claim In behalf of
Contra Costa County for $13,514 98. The
petition for the allowance of the claim
BtateB that the Legislature of 1S30 passed
an net flxinc a rate for the support of or
phans, half orphans and abandoned chil
dren, appropriating for the support of
each orphan $100 and for each half orphan
or abandoned child $75.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Case Will Be Carried Into the Courts
and the Final Decision M ay Cost
the Commonwealth Millions
of Dollars.
Seeks to Recover the Maximum Sum
Allowed by Law for the Keep
ing of Orphans.
Contra Costa Files a Claim
for $13,51^ Against
the State.
1 . r" ¦ •* ~ ¦ t -
DEMANDS FULL
RATE FOR CARE
OF EACH WARD
f?r*elal rUfpatch to Tfce CstlL
HAN'FOKD, Sept. 37.— The trial of Isaac
r>a!ly, ¦who murdered Lemuel MettB In
Tv«nr>or»» f>n July 19. was commenced In
the Superior «~ourt here to-day. Daily's
rka is temporary Insanity.
Trial of Metts' Slayer.
SAXTA ROSA., Sept. 17.— Santa Rosa is
to be the 6cene this week of oa« of the
Tr.ost important murder trials In the his
tory of Sonoma, county. Dr. S. S. Bogle,
prominent in medical and Bocial circles,
Is the defendant. A special venire of six
ty trial jurors has been Issued by Judge
Burnett and made returnable Wednesday
morning-, -when the trial will begin. Judge
Carroll Cook of San Francisco will pre
eide. in exchange with Judge Burnett.
Dr. Bogle" s victim -was J. M. Miller, a
pioneer Sonoma County merchant. On the
evening of April 25 Bogie and Miller
had one of many quarrels over & bill al
leged by Millrr to be owing him by Bogle.
Later, at Miller's home at the corner or
Mendoclno and Johnson streets. Bogle
rhot Miller, inflicting wounds that proved
fatal in a few hour?. At the time of the
Fhootingr Miller was standing in the yard
at his home twenty feet from Bogle, who
was on the sidewalk. When Miller was
picked up and taken into his home, no
weapon other than a small pocket knife
was found in his possession.
The shooting of Miller created a
etir here at the time and the outlook is
for one of the most sensational trials in
the history of the local courts. Never
Fince the tragedy has Dr. Bogle said one
word in Belf-defense. and the- public Is
curious to know what his defense will be.
Colonel James W. Oates and A_ B. Ware
will appear for Dr. Bople.
Fl>ectal Dispatch to Tfce OIL
Defendant Is Prominent In Medical
and Social Circles and the. Case
Has Aroused Great Pub
lic Interest.
Slew Pioneer Merchant J. M. Miller as
the Result of a Quarrel Over '
a Disputed Bill.
Murder Trial of the Santa
Rosa Physician to Be
gin Wednesday.
DR. BOGLE GIVES
NO INKLING AS
TO HIS DEFENSE
THE SAN FRANCISC6 CALL. TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER IS, 1900.
RUSHING CONFERENCE WORK AS
END OF SESSION APPROACHES
The custom now In framing pictures Is
In a simple manner with harmonious
mouldings and mattings, made in tones
to correspond with the subject. These
mouldings and mat boards are to be had.
in a variety of tints ana colors to match
any style of picture ever published, at
Sanboraft .Vail'*. 711 Market street, ©
Artistic Simplicity.
Two Days' Celebration, With Unique
Features, Held at Santa Mar
garita and Pozo.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN LUIS OBISPO, Sept. 17.— Saturday
and Sunday were gala day<6 at Santa Mar
garita and Pozo, the occasion being the
celebration of the Independence of Mexico.
These places are fixed centers for all cele
brations of this nature in San Luis Obispo
County, as the Spanish population Is
largely represented there. There were
elaborate decorations of bunting, flags,
the stars and stripes and the Mexican
colors. Horseradng ¦ and bronco riding
supplied much ¦ of the amusement. The
oration by Hon. Warren M. John of San
Luis Oblspo and recitations by Miss Smith
and Master Herrera were special literary
features of the Pozo celebration. There
was a ball in .the evening. M. Blanco was
marshal of the day. The epicurean tastes
of the revelers were satisfied at a tooth
some barbecue.
Santa. Margarita likewise was decorated
gayly and had a programme of excellent
me'rit, concluding with a ball at Bean Hall
Jast evening and, a barbecue to-day A
3
TRAMP FASTS
SEVEN DAYS
IN BOX CAR
Special Dispatch to The Call
STOCKTON. Sept. 17.— While
Southern Pacific Yardman Moffett
of Tracy was taking the seals off
a freight train that had Just ar
rived from the south he heard faint
cries for help and a knocking on
the door of a box car. -"When the
car was opened there appeared a
man almost blinded by long con
finement in the dark. He was so
weak from want of food that he
had to be assisted to the hotel,
where charitable hands ministered
to his wants.
The poor fellow was sealed In the
car in New Orleans a week ago
Wednesday, and had subsisted for
seven days and seven nights on one
loaf of bread and a bottle of water.
He suffered terribly and . would
have died of starvation had it not
been for the timely discovery.
SANTA CRUZ
BIG TREES IN
FIRE'S PATH
Srecial Ksre-trh to The Call.
PANTA CRUZ, Sept. 17.— A forest
fire broke out on H. Cowell's
land, cast of Els Trees, yester
day and worked toward the fam
ous prove. This afternoon the flre
wraa reported less than a mile from
F.ig Tree*. Between the nre and
tb« tree? is a densely wooded eoun
:ry. A larjre force of men was out
.-¦ ;! m'R-ht tiizhtiniz *he fire. To-day
s^cti'in men wore added to the
Force A north triad sprang up late
this" aft oj noon ar.a turned the
Same* away from the direction of
Big- Tre«?. but .to-r.ight the fire
broke rut in frerh plares and is
not yet under control. Several hun
dred men are now fighting it- "Word
wej* titnt to the powder works for
help. The mills immediately shut
down and all available men went
to the fire, armed •with shovels.
Th«» ronflajBTatlon Is about two
miles frcm the mills. It Is expected
the men pill have it under control
by morning.
DIES BY THE
ROPE IN HER
LOWLY CABIN
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NAPA. Sept. 17.— Mrs.' Angle Ber
ald, who resided ; 'in Napa Red
woods, about eighteen miles north
west of Napa, committed suicide,
on Saturday afternoon by hanging:
herself .with a. rope from a rafter
In the cabin In -which she lived with
her husband and four small chU
dren. The Coroner was notified
here yesterday, and it was late In
the afternoon when the inquest
was held.
Mrs. Berald was a native of Italy
and 37 years of age. She was • de- •
Bpondent ¦ ; " f or ; some time past
and had made careful* prepara
tions to take her life. Before com
mitting the- act Mrs. i Berald put her
baby to sleep, ; finished baking the
bread and put on clean clothing.
The ' Beralds . were formerly, resi
dents of Oakland.'
Of the modern woman is health, by
exercise. It's an excellent fad, pro-
vided that it is ahvays remembered that
exercise cannot cure ¦womanly diseases.
Indeed, where such
§ diseases exist exer-
cise is apt to aggra-
vate the condition
rather than to
help it. ">.¦=¦
The first step to-
ward establishing
the general health ia
to establish the local
A\_P^^*^T V< * r " rce ' s Favorite
t£ ~"»»&*;V'<1 Prescription cures
£§'\/*»i^ : %jM womanly disesAea
ff^ &-£f|\ which nndermine
fl • frf^-T'« general .'-.calth.
HBkw^^ifei^jftjjk Ifc regu-
g^Sffjfej tSi^\ laxity, dries enfee-
&fcif&$i \$*&& Wins drains, heals
inflammation and
clceration and cures
female -weakness.
"When these are cured, backache, head-
ache and nervousness are thing3 of the
past. The universal testimony of weak
and sickly -women, cured by "Favorite
Prescription," is this : * It has made me
feel like a new woman."
" Mv -wife has ttse<3 thres bottles of Dr. Pierre's
medicine, and I never saw such results, " writes
A. B. Hayties, Esq.. of Aprora, La-wrence Co..
Mo. "It was wonderful in its work. We had
used lots of medicine, also had one of the best
physicians in Anrora, but icy wife got no better ;
•we fceard one pitiful groan after another, dav
and night. A friend handed me a copv of Dr.
Pierce's book, the Common *Sense Medical Ad-
viser, and after reading the testimonials of Dr.
Pierc='i* successful treatment, and seeinr that
the cases described were similar to my wile's. I
bought for her a bottle of Dr Pierce's Favorita
Prescription. Before she nai taken all of the
medicine she was np and helping to do tha
work. Slie has taken three bottles and la now
about well. Has better health than she has
bad for years. ""
Dr. Pierce's Pleasant Pellets cure con-
stipation.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
DR. MEYERS &'C0,
specialists
"^a for $en-
£§$& _^jj. >G& Established
\&i'-\ 1 &&%)i. Most Extensive
ril^P&f Consultation
Market St.
™ I'/irlv'^ ' San Francisco.In our trunk, :valisc and leather goods
department you 'will find the best values
and all the new "styles in dress suit cases,
traveling sets, ladles' pocketbooks, etc.
Your name stamped in gold letters free
of charge when purchased from San
born, Vail & Co., 74f Market street. "•;,•
Dress-Suit Cases.
The large contributions which they con
fidently expected from some sources have
not bren forthcoming, and those In close
touch with facts about campaign finances
fay that conditions are little, if any,
better than they were four years ago,
when the National Committee had scarce
ly enough money to pay its postage bills.
Former Senator Clark of Montana has
disappointed them. Oliver Hazard Perry
Bclmont has been another disappointment
and as for Cooean. the mere mention of
his name is obnoxious to Senator Jones
and former Governor Stone. When the
Kansas City convention seated Clark's
delegation from Montana the party man-
Offers made no secret of the dreams they
entertained that the multi-millionaire
would contribute at least a half-million
dollars. Kormer Governor Stone of Mis
souri was deputized to have a talk with
Clark, and when he came back from that
talk his sanctimonious face was longer
than ever. The $5O9,OtiO, of which the
members of the committee had
dreamed, had dwindled far flown
CALL BUREAU. WELLINGTON HO
TEL. WASHINGTON, Sept. 17.-Demo
cratic managers are mourning over the
failure of their gigantic campaign fund
.
Special Dicpatch to The Oil.
Light Contributions Made
by Wealthy Members of
the Party.
DISAPPOINTED
DEMOCRATS ARE
SEEKING COIN
Are Stealing Cattle and Threaten to
Make War on the Women and
Children.
DENVER. Sept. 17.— An Indian outbreak
Is threatened in San Miguel County, Colo.,
according to advices received by Governor
Thomas to-day. The Information was
contained in a letter from the postmaster
at Cedar, Colo., which was as folllows:
"CEDAR, Colo., Sept. 12.— To Governor
Thomas, Denver-Dear Sir: The Ute In
dians from the Navajo Springs Agency,
Ute Mountains, are here catching and tak
ing away our range horses and they In
sist on doing so contrary to our protesta
tions. The stockmen have threatened to
shoot if they don't desist, whereupon iho
Indan chiefs say they will make war upon
the women and children and murder
them. Please do what you can to have
them ordered away from here. Respect
fully, ...i J. V,'. WESTCOTP.
__ ¦ "Postmaster."
The Governor sent a telegram to the
Secretary of the Interior demanding that
steps be taken to protect the settlers.
Telegrams to Indian agents and game
wardens, asking them to investigate af
fairs at Cedar, were also sent by the Gov
ernor. The nearest troops are located at
Fort Duchesne, Utah, about 100 miles
from Cedar.
Poor Sport at Fort Wayne.
FORT WAYNE, Ind., Sept. 17,-The cold
wave spoiled the first day of the red rib
bon meeting and only- two races of the
three scheduled were pulled off. The 2:30
trot and the 2:11 pace were both won by
favorites: Summary:
2:30 trot, purse $S0O— Major Greer won threa
straight heats In 2:14%. 2:17%. 2:16. Newton
A \, Dorothy Redmond, Porto Rico. Nollne.
Boodler. Springdale, Berthle and Uoxalen also
started.
2:11 pace, purse $S0O-Pussy "Willow won tha
second, third and fourth heats In 2:18H. 2:13Vi.
2:14%. 'Jim Raney won the first heat In 2:12H.
Armada Prince. Red Rubin. Edgar H. Annor,
Mannor Marshall, Scapegoat, Jean Ingelow,
Freilmont and Attar also started.
INDIANS IN COLORADO
AGAIN TROUBLESOME
Other members of the committee
thought Jones or Stone ought to have got
that subscription so the party might have
had the benefit of the whole amount.
The committee expected to get $25,000
from John R. McLean, but McLean is In
Europe and it is understood that they
have nothing from the Ohio leader as yet
except a promise and that promise calls
for not much over one-fifth of the amount
expected.
Democrats In touch with the Congres
sional campaign committee, which In
working in complete harmony with the
national committee and Is more or les«
cognizant of trials and' tribulations of
the more Important organizations, say
that another source of disappointment
has been the lack of substantial returns
irora prominent Gold Democrats who
have signified their, friendship for Bryan.
Almost without exception overtures of
managers for financial assistance have
been met by polite relusals. But despite
these disappointments Democratic man
agers seem to have received much com
lort from the improvement in local con
t] 2, ns «Si 8 com Pared with four years ago.
IT the Tammany leaders do not contribute
heavily to the national fund, they will, it
is expected, put up a blgr fund to be used
in the effort to secure New York's elec
toral votes for Bryan. I ,
O. H. P. Belmont was looked upon as
certain to give at least $100,000. All he
would give was $13,00o and the committee's
agent who secured that subscription held
out 10 per cent for himself.
This 10 per cent commission business
has caused a good deal of dissatisfaction
among members of the Democratic party
who are disposed to criticise what they
call Chairman Jones' "amateurish" meth
ods. Through his promise of 10 per
cent commission on - all subscriptions,
Chairman Jones turned "Buck" Henrlch
5*>n of Illinois, and a lot of lessor lights,
into canvassers. There was not much ob
jection raised to this po long as small
contributions come undtr the 10 per cent
provision, for it was believed that these
local canvassers were able to reach a lot
of little fellows that It would not pay
campalgn managers to deal with, but
when it came to big subscriptions like
that of Belmont with its $1000 commis
sion, there was a howl.
below the $100,000— that, they felt sure,
would be the minimum limit— and had
become a paltry $25,000. When JVIr. Stone
remonstrated with him and mildly hinted
that he ought to give more the lines about
Clark's mouth became firm, he began
talking about "heavy expenses in the
Montana contest" and Stone hurriedly
told him it was all right in fear that there
might yet develop a string to the $25,000
2:22 class pace, purse $800— Hal Stalking* won
three straight heats In 2:15%. 2:16Vi, 2:15Vi.
Nellie Storm, Lady Hlnsley. El Dorado. George
Hood. Sardine, Dr. Penny and Norchet also
started.
2:27 class trotting, purs« $800— Ozenam won
in. three straight heats. Time, 2:16U. 2:18, 2:18.
Annie TrevllHan, Mamie A, William .Long,
Maggie V. Mika and Sibley also started. -
2:12 trot, purse $800 — Archie TV won the third,
fourth and fifth heats in 2.14V4. 2:14»4. 2:15H-
Edwin B won the first snd second heats, each
in 2:13V«. Georgians, Maggie Anderson, Nancy
Kin? and Edna Cook also started. .
COLUMBUS. Ohio, Sept. 17.— The fall
meeting of the Columbus Driving Asso
ciation opened to-day. Weather cold;
track fast. Summaries:
Fall Meet at Columbus.
Running, bIx furlongs — Amasa 118 (Frawley)
won; San Aupustlne 107 (Fearry). second; Um
ber Jim 110 (Flynn). third. Time, 1:HH. Miss
Dividend and Twinkle Twink also ran.
Running, live furlongs — Galena 110 (Fearry)
•won: Fine Shot (Frawley). second; Beau Monde
fSlocum). third. Time, l:02H- "Warra. Slip
pery Elm, Isabella and Romulus also ran.
After Zarlna had taken two heats, Ja
nice went on and took the race, but not
without a contest. Zarina broke in the
fourth heat and got the flag.
Galena, a 19-to-l shot, won the flve-fur
4<">ner sprint from the favorite. Fine Shot,
and Amasa, a hot favorite, came home
nrst in the slx-furlong scramble. Results:
Trotting, 2:20 class, etake 1500.
Janice (Millard Sanders) 22111
Charlie W C\V. G. Durfee) 33 32 2
Alg-oneta (J. M. Kelson) 4 4 4 3 3
Zarina (C. Jeffries) 112<i
, Time, 2:15%, 2:16*4. 2:13%, 2:17, 2:16. .
STOCKTON, Sept. 17.-An exceptionally
fine racing card was pre|ented this after
noon when the fair here opened,' under
the auspices of the - Stockton Driving
Club. There was .a large attendance and
betting was heavy for the first day. It
required five heats; to decide the 2:30 trot
and Janice reduced her record from 2:19
to 2:13%. The track is as fast as a bul
let, and several hew marks will be hung
out this week, i
and Steps a Mile in 2:13 3-4.
Janice Takes the Two-Thirty Trot,
FINE RACING AT STOCKTON.
a former deputy Sheriff of Clay County.
The former identified Howard as the man
who ran out of the rear of the State
house grounds and jumped over the fence
immediately after the shooting. Gaines
was positive in his identification of the
prisoner as the man and said the latter
then wore a mustache and was followed
by a man who was tall and slender. A
boy, who was near-by at the time, will
also be introduced as a witness to cor
roborate Gaines.
The most sensational arid at the same
time the most important witness from tne
prosecution standpoint was James Stub
bletleld. a one-legged and one-armed ex
deputy Sheriff of Clay County. Stubble
field testified that Howard exultlngly told
him that he fired the shot that took
Goebel's life. , -
FRANKFORT, Ky., Sept. 17.-The first
leally sensational testimony in the trial
of James Howard, charged with having
fired the shot that killed William Goebel.
was given to-day by Bowman Gaines, a
local liveryman, and James Stubblefield,
Witness Identifies Him as the Man
Who Left the State House Imme
diately After the
Shooting.
Defendant Said to Have
Boasted That He Killed
Goebel.
SESSIONAL
TESTIMONY IN
HOWARD CASE
The Pietermarltzburtr correspondent of
the Daily Mall announces that Lord Rob
erts will start for England about October
3. This time there is little doubt of the
genuineness of the report of his early re
turn. Some troops will also be coming
back, and the elections will thus be ex
cellently timed by the Government to
take advantage of the national fervor
over a successful war. The proposed
visit of the Duke and Duchess of York *o
Australia also arouses much enthusiasm.
The Daily Chronicle jjvvs: "Lord Salis
bury, as ho always does, has yielded to
the stronjr man. He has stifled con
science, thrown scruples and justice to
the winds and succumbed to Mr. Cham
berlain, who is now the ruler of the Pre
mier and the country."
The Standard announces that after the
elections there will certainly be a recon
struction of the Cabinet. This probably
means that Lord Lansdowne, Secretary
of State for War, and one or two others
will be sacrificed.
For the moment dissolution is a more
attractive thing than China. The Con
servative, organs are confident that th«
"khaki Issue" will give- them an increased
majority and they are naturally jubilant.
The Liberal and Radical organs, on the
otht-r hand, conscious that they are fight
ing a losing battle, bitterly denounce the
Government for choosing the present
time to dissolve.
LONDON, Sept. 17.— This evening Gil
bert I'arker, the novelist, was chosen by
the Conservatives at Gravesend as thei
candldate for the House of Commons at
the comlns general election. Owing to
the relative position of parties at Graves
end this choice is equivalent to a return.
ABERDEEN. Sept. 17.-At the meeting
of the council at Balrrtoral to-day it was
decided that the dissolution of Parliament
Is to take place September 25. The Queen
afterward signed the proclamation of dis
solution. A writ will be Issued Septem
ber 25, Summoning- the new Parliament to
assemble November 1. The first nomina
tions and the unopposed returns will oc
cur September 19. The first pollings will
take p;ace October 1.
Writ Will" Be Issued Sum
moning the New Body
for November. -
PROCLAMATION
FOR DISSOLUTION
OF PARLIAMENT
One hundred thousand soldiers In idleness!
Think of these words being spoken by a candi
date for the hlshest office In the sift of the
American people, of the men who have passed
a year of jSuch grinding toll and desperate
fiRhtlnjt in the Philippines that we here can
form no conception of all that they have dared
and risked and endured. They have been
worn down month In and month out, march
ing from dawn until darkness through the mud
of the tropical swamps, sleeping when and how
they could, eatlnsr what they could get or
toins without, facing: death by bullet at every
step from a foe ten times as, numerous as
themselves, and, if wounded and left .behind,
facing what was infinitely worse than 'death—
the most dreadful torture. With what patient,
uncomplaining, unflinching, never-wearying
courage they have done all this, and have ms.de
not only America but all mankind their
ors; and their reward Is that the chosen rep
resentative of one ' of the two great parties
sneere at them as walking about in idleness.
Some of them no longer walk about in idle
ness. I.awtnn no longer walks about In Idle
ness. L.!scum no longer walks about In idle
ness. Reilly no longer walks about In idle
ness. Many an officer, many a soldier rests
forever in peace — peace because his life of toll
and effort for his country has come to the kind
of end which should at least secure freedom
from slight or slander both* for the valiant dead
and for the no less valiant living. One soldier
do the work of these men! Are our memor
ies so short as already to forget the hurry
with which we drew. troops both from America
and the Philippines when the blood of- our
people called from China and the awful dan
ger of the women and children in Peking stirred
to its utmost soul the manhood of Christendom.
Small, indeed, la the chance for idleness for
our soldiers In the Philippines so long as 'the
Insurgents are aidod and abetted by one of the
great parties in this country. Every American
who holds high honor of. his country should
graven on his heart the solemn prophecy of
Lawton. Let him b«ware above all else of
the words that speed the bullet* of our coun
try's enemies. ¦•£¦, t •
During the day short stops were made
at . Bozeman. Manhattan, • Logan, Town
tend and Winston, at most of which flve
mlnute talks were' made by Governor
Roosevelt or some of the party.
This extract contains such an extraordinary
variety cf misconceptions tliat it seems dif
ficult to believe It can be a correct renort .If
correct, however. It is Interesting In the first
place to se that Mr. liryan has abandoned the
Kansas City platform and his own message of
acceptance In so far as they define the kind
of danger arising from our militarism. The
absurdity of speaking of an army of 100.W0
m*?n a« b. threat to the country, when one
third of them are volunteers and the rest regu
lars provided for only two years by Congrese,
Is so palpable that the mere statement of the
case is sufficient for the refutation. But it
is no more absuni than the extraordinary posi
tions taken In ¦ the foresrolng quotation. What"
in it that bodes no Rood to American Institu
tions? Is it the. sixty-odd thousand regulars
for the most part in the Philippines? Mr.
Bryan oucht to know by this time that in
asmuch as Thomas Jefferson handed over to
his successor an army which he had increased
uutll it represented 1.4 of a soldier for every
thousand of population. an:l as no damage to
our institutions followed, , there is ecant room
for apprehension on the part of even the most
timid soul from the existence now of an army
of etsht-tenths for every thousand of popu
lation. Under President McKinley, while there
is war in the Philippines, our regular army has
shrunk to little more than half the size It had
attained at the end of President Jefferson's
administration during a period of profound
peace.
Even more extraordinary is the statement
that the 100.000 soldiers are permitted to walk
about in Idleness where one soldier would do.
If It were not for Mr. Ilryan's other utterances
on the subject It would seem absolutely im
possible that this statement could have been
correctly reported.
In a recent speech at Chicago, Mr. Bryan is
represented to have SDoken as follows: "Can
100 000 soldiers in a country like this take
charge and change the form of government?
No. But th*> tact that a people like ours per
mit this bodea no good to American institu
tions. If K'0,000 are permitted to walk about
in Idleness where one soldier would do, what
are we coming to?"
Two meetings were held here this even
fng—OHe a t the Auditorium and the sec
end meeting at the opera-house— so as to
enable as many as possible to hear. Even
this arrangement did not permit all to
hear who wanted to get in.
Governor Roosevelt, at the Auditorium
to-night, spoko in ra.rt a s follows:
HELENA, Mont.. Sept. 17.-The Roose
velt special arrived at this place at S
o'clucn. to-tay, where the night was spirit.
To-murrow luorn.ng uie pany will leave
for B'jtte, nia.vir.g euovi sir<i>s at Ba.s.n.
Boultm- Cree* ana Clancy. An evening
meeting is arranged at ilutte tor to-mor
row night, at v. nu-h the liovernor will
speak. He will proceed from th^re to
Dillon, Lima, Pocaitllo, Idaho; Ogden and
Salt Lake;
Cites aFewInstancesWherin
. the "idle 7 ' Soldiers Are
Very Active.
STATEMENTS OF
BRYAN REFUTED
BY ROOSEVELT
Fifth Son of Prince Frederick George
Is Thrown From a Carriage at
Wolkau.
DRESDEN. Sept. 17.— Prince Albert of
Saxony was killed in a carriage accident
yesterday at Wolkau, a short distance
from Dresden. lie was the fifth son of
Prince Frederick George of Saxony,
brother of the KlnR. He was born In
Dresden February 25, 1S5D, wa^ a captain
in the First Regiment of Uhlans and a
Chevalier of the Order of the Black
Eaple. lie was unmarried.
ALBERT OF SAXONY
. ACCIDENTALLY KILLED
BUFFALO, N. T.. Sept. 17.— Sprinsrteln.
at 60 to 1. was the surprise at the opening
of the fall meet at the Fort Eria traelc
to-day. "Weather cold; track fast. Sum
mary;
Six fnrlorjfs— Sprlng^tsln wen. Nancy Till
second. B^nkart third. Time, 1:16.
Five furlongs, two-year-oils — Baubanta won.
Pierre J second. Maltese Cross third. Tlm».
l:03>£.
Ono mile— Orontas won, Chopin second. Ille
airay third. Time. 1:43.
Seven furlongs — Free Lance won. Lady of tha
"West second. Wllkesorj third. Time. 1;2»H
FIv« furlongs— Aleer won, Taaker >econd.
Servant third. Time, 1:01
Seven furlongs— Our Lirzle won. Cherry iec
ond. Left Bower third. Time. 1:2SH.
Races at Buffalo.
Manchester Mills Closing.
51ANCHESTER. Sept. 17.— Several mow
mills closed to-day. The operators acres
that they cannot work profitably with
cotton at the present prices. Great In
terest is felt In the result of the vote
now belnp taken by the employers' fed
eration with reference to closing the mllla
for twelve days in October. The outcome
will be announced at Friday's meeting.
An effort is being 1 made to stop all milla
Including those stocked with cotton.
"Sullivan was in the first lino of march
ers, with 'Kid' McCoy, 'Tom' Sharkey.
'Terry' McGovern and Civil Justices
Roesch and Finn. Controller Bird S. Col
er and Deputy Controller Michael F. Day
were "seated on the club house fire escape
to bid the association's members a pleas
ant trip and safe return. The Controller
was cheered and doffed his hat. There
were 3500 In the parade.
than one. Behind a brass band the white
capped members of the association left
Sullivan's headquarters, the Metamora
Club, No. 207 Bowery, at 9:30 o'clock yes
terday morning, and marched through
Sullivan's district to tho foot of Rutgers
Ftreet, where the steamboat Grand Re
public was in waiting.
SENATOR TIMOTHY "DHYDOL
LAR" SULLIVAN is onr of the in
fstllutioiis cf New York, whose fame
is not bounded by t!ie confines of
the borough of Manhattan. For years th»
newspapers of Gotham have spread
abroad the story of his as~ocintio"i and
its annual picnics. This year "Drydol
lar's" picnic was. from a!! accounts, a
daisy. The New York Herald sent one of
its youncr men to the function;
"Gamblers with privileges.'" ho wrote,
who asked no Cavors of the
police, and prizo-ficht^rs went to Donnel
ly's Grove. College Point. Borough of
Queens, yesterday on the outirsr of Sena
tor TimoUiy D. Sullivan's Association.
They defied almost every law of the State,
"And still Senator Sullivan's friends
were unanimous last nipht 'in expressing
the opinion that the day's outing had been
a groat success. It was, in more ways
"The steamhoat Grand Republic carried
#00 of Sullivan's friends to Donnelly's
grounds, and the latter's place was trans
formed into a paradise for sporting men
of every caliber. At leaEt 100 g-ambling
parries were in full play In the College
Point grounds. I saw three full-fledged
prize-fights pulicd off, and pickpockets re
lieved thosq. onlookers of their watches
and money that others almost as crafty
had failed to gather in.
and did it under the protection of several
police captains and sergeants, detectives
and hundreds cf uniformed policemen.
VANGUARD OF SULLIVAN'S PICNIC. BEGINNING ON THE LEFT, THE FIRST FIGURE IS THE SENATOR
HIMSELF, THE THIRD IS "KID" McCOY. THE FOURTH "TERRY" McGOVERN AND THE SIXTH
SHARKEY.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
Eperial r'i»j>atch to The. Call.
CANTON'. Ohio, Sept. 17.-Presldent Mc-
Kinley. accompanied by Secretary Cor
telyou. will ptart for Washington to-mor
row. This decision was reached to-day.
The only direct reason assigned at the
McKinley home is that matters of state
demand the President's attention in
"VVaFhinirtrin. as h*> can attend to them
better there than here.
It can be stated on authority, however.
EARLY MEETING OF
THE CABINET PROBABLE
CHAFFEE.
TAKV, (no date). -Adjutant Goneral. 'Waf'h
ington: P*-k!n«r. Fe.pt. 14.— Expedition Tientsin
to Tu Lut. thirty miles southward, two com
panleii Fourteenth Infantry participating. Re
turned Tientsin with blight opposition. Town
•Wtroyed t>y British troepp; no casualties.
Filed cable office C:M p, m., 15th
TAKU mn date).— Adjutant General, TVaih
irgton, reklriR. Sei>t. 13: The ilusrian com
mander aFF'jres me he haa ordered repair ma
terial frnm I'crt Arthur, Vladivostok and the
t"nit«>d Fratps and that he feels •Lsrure'd the
railway will b» repaired in two monthx. We
r.^pd fifty ftnrra f.ajr? and SQOO more small flags,
the latter l^lnir required for Chines* houses to
fhow our -protect ioa. CHAFFEE.
It is thoujrht at the War Department
that the d.ite. September 13. refers to the
i!mo the nvfsage left Peking. The rail
road mentioned is th<? line between Tien
tsin and Peking. The second dispatch is
rs follows:
WASHINGTON. Sept. 17.-The War De
partment has received the following
'sMrpram from General Chaffee: *
RUSSIAN COMMANDER
ORDERS REPAIR MATERIAL
will proceed to TieiHtin guarded by Ku.-
fian troops, and if necessary will return
to Peking to negotiate with the Chinese
envoy* for peace.
It Is becoming apparent that this Gov
ernment has at>anuoi:«_-d its purpose to
withdraw entirely irora China, though it
Is slaieii that a final decision as to the
policy to be pursued will not be 'reached
until negotiations now in progress be
tween th*» l£aropean powers relative to
trie Russian piopupal liave been complet
ed. It is significant, however, that in-
Btructfon* were cauNd to-day to the
trax:sj><;rt Qulmuck, which arrived a. few
clays ago at Kobe, <llre<_ - tinf? her to pro
ceed to Taku. The QulntucX has on board
L'C draft a:iin;als. 13y wagons and 19 am-
I'Ularues fc>r Major General Chaffee. Jt
is at the War Ds;iarttcent that if the
President Uecides to keep Oeneral Chaf
ife's troop* in China :he Qulmuck will
land her cargo; if not the will proceed to
Manila.
Next to the call of D'Wollant, the most
Important development in the Chinese sit
uation to-day was presented by the dis
patch from the Consul at Fuehau. China,
transmitting a copy of an agreement en
tered Into between the Viceroy and Tar
tar general of I'uhki*.n province and the
foreign Consuls at Fuchau, which pro
vides In substance that the Chinese au
thorities will do everything in their power
To protect the lives and property of for
eign officers, merchants and missionaries
resident :n Fuhkien and at Amoy; that
Central and Southern China shall not be
attacked by foreiso po-vors so long as the
lot-al authorities maintain order, and that
the admirals of the several nations will
l«e informed that it is not advisable that
.". r.i;mbcr of naval vessels should visit
Fuohau. lost the people bo alarmed. This
agreement is Eigried by the. Russian.
I r.iied Slates. Japarcse, Urltish and
French Consuls and by Viceroy Hsu Ying
Fuel and General Shan Lien. It is noticed
that the German Consul failed to sign the
rjrrcemer.t. but in view of the agreement
of the other powers it is altopether un
likely that Germany will take any action
ii; contravention of the instrument.
Wu Ting- Fang, the Chinese Minister.
rrr.«ented to Acting Secretary Adee to-
Oay a dispatch from Prince Chine an
notmclng his appointment as envoy to act
with IA Hung Chang In restoring peace
V.<nween China nnd the powers and urg-
Irsr that Minister Conirer b<» instructed to
liCoin nepoiiations. There is no probahil-
Ity that th» United State? will begin ne
pmatlont until th<» Imperial Government
baa demonstrated its ability to establish
snd rrmlr.Taln criier. ar.d Li Hun? Chang
v.i:i hav? an opportunity to give this
demonstration when he reaches Peking.
Special Commissioner Rockhill's arrival
fit Tientsin has been reported to the
Ptate Department.
There is rtason to believe thai DoWoi
lant. the Russian Charge d' Affaires, com
municated thil fact u Arting Secretary
Ad«_e when h>- called at the State Depart
ment this afternoon. So far as can be
learned DeWoUant'a call was not lor the
purpose •'.' laying any uew proposition Ih
lore the i'r.r-iri, ijt. box rather LO make in
quiry of '.tit action ihv: t.'iiited Htaies
vrouid t.ike :r. liew ot the commence
ment of ttu**4i*« withdrawal. It was ri
portod that DeWollact had laid a new
1'iopo^ition before tfau tiovcrr.nieni. but
it In Matt-d emphatically it had no refer
once to the retention ol troops in Peking
The Ku.-Ma:i Minister, it is announced.
Caix nrp.EAr, Wellington
hotel. Washington. Sen.
i7.--Notv\i'.hstar.d:i5g the pressure
applied by tht: European powers to
Ir.ducc Kusfia to retain its troo;>s
ii Peking. It is learn, d to-day on high
BSLboritr »r:at the St. Petersburg Govern
ment j:as not modified its intention t<i
vkh.dr.iw Ms Minister ar.<l forces from Ihe
Chinese capital.
BERLIN. Sept. 17.— An official dispatch
from Shanghai says a German naval bat
talion, accompanied by forty Bengal Lan
cers, captured and burned the town of
Liang September 15. A hundred Boxers
were killed. The Chinese regular troons
occupying the place had previously fled
The German loss was one man killed and
tive wounded.
MANY KILLED AND
INJURED AT TUNGCHOW
LONDON, Sept. 17.— The British com
mander at Taku cables that a party en
gaged in destroying gunpowder at Tung
chow, has been blown up. Sixteen were
killed and twenty-two injured by the ex
plosion.
IX>NDON, Sept. 17.— A special dispatch
from Shanghai says Li Hung Chang has
arrived at Tientsin.
LI HUNG CHANG
ARRIVES AT TIENTSIN
that the Chinese question has assumed
such chape that it will be necessary for
the' President to consult with the State
Department and with Cabinet members.
To do this he thinks it will be more con
venient and expedient for himself and
more satisfactory to all directly concerned
to bo- in Washington.
H is probabie that a Cabinet meeting
Will br> called for Wednesday or Thurs
day at the latest of such members as can
readily r«-:ich the White House.
There is some talk here that answers
from the powers are expected and that
there Is assurance at hand that the United
States must be ready to take decided and
definite action within a few uays. Of this
no one who Is in a position to know will
;-peak. Another question supposed to be
before the President for decision is in re
pard to the wintering of troops in China,
The recominf ndations of General Chaffee
and Commissioner Rockhlll will also prob
ably be discussed.
President McKinley will not have a
front porch campaign here. This was
nnally decided to-day. A committee.
h.»aded by Mayor Robertson, called on
him to-day to get his consent to receive
Oantonians on Wednesday night, as he
had previously consented to do. and he
told the committee that he could not re
ceive any delegations. The President has
decided that he must not forget the dig
nity of his ofliee and he will not be a
cnrapaiRiier. at least until he has satis
factorily disposed of the Chinese question.
AGREEMENT MADE WITH
CHINESE AT FUHKIEN
WASHINGTON, Sept. 17.— The State
Department has received a dispatch from
the Consul at Fuehau. China, transmitting
a. copy of an agreement entered into be
tween the Viceroy and Tartar general of
KuJikle-n province and the foreign Con
suls at i-'uehau, which provides in sub
stance that the Chinese will do everything
in lheir power to protect the lives and
property of foreign officer?, merchants
and missionaries resident in Fuhkien and
" Am oy; that Central and Southern
China shall not be attacked by the for
eign powers so long as the local authori
ties maintain order, and that the admirals
of the several nations will be informed
that it is not advisable that a number of
naval vessels should visit Fuehau lest
the people be alarmed.
The agreement is signed by the Rus
fian, L nited States. Japanese, British and
Ftnch Consuls and by Viceroy Hsu Ying
Kuey and General Shan Lien.
POWERS ACCEPT
LI AS NEGOTIATOR
LONDON. Sept. IS. 4:31 a. m.-The Daily
Graphic asserts that all the powers have
accepted Li Hung Chang and will prob
ably accept Prince Chine as negotiator.
It says also that the powers have agreed
to Insist that a central government, satis
factory to the powers, shall be established
In China and that full retribution shall
be exacted for the attacks upon the lega
tions.
No communications, however, have yet
passed between the powers concerning in
demnities, and a Bf-rlln uifmatch pavs It is
believed there that Dr. Mumni von
Schwarzensteln. the German Minister,
will purposely delay negotiation's until
Marshal von "Waldersee has arrived.
FULL AUTHORITY IS
GIVEN PRINCE CHING
WASHINGTON, Sept. 17.-The Chinese
Minister has received a dispatch from
Prince Chlng. dated Peking. September
S. stating that ho has been clothed with
full authority, together with LI Hung
Chung, to negotiate pear?, r\ n d request
ing Minister Wu to ask the State De
partment to instruct Minister Conger to
open neg-otlations at once. Minister Wu
has taken the dispatch to the State De
partment
GERMANS CAPTURE AND
BURN TOWN OF LIANG
Reno — Thompson. 13:31: Keddie, 15:03: Hart.
13:31; Peckhrm. 13:10; Frazer. 13:27; Mershon.
13:20%; Everett. 1S:OOH: Shaver, 13:11'/.; Stan
ley. 12:S4: Peckham. 13:21<i-
W. Demara of the Olympics fell in the
fifth mile and sustained a loss of twenty
five yards.
Next came the relay between A. Peck
ham of Reno and Davis of the Olympics.
After riding with his opponent a couple
of miles Peckham drew away. He fin
ished almost a quarter of a mile to the
good and his time was marked up as 13:10.
Mershon. Everett, Shaver and Stanley In
creased the gap to over one and flve
eightha miles, but Rusa, in a masterly
rii'.e. reduced the distance to something
over one- and a half mile.", making the
fastest live miles of the race— 12:46 2-5.
The next best time was made by Stanley
of Keno. The individual time was as fol
lows:
Olympics— Kragness. 13:2S 2-5; Balee. 15:C3;
Har.na, 13:32; Davis, 14:15 4-5: Ephralm.
13.44 2-5; MeKIrney. 13:43; Demara, 1517; Emery.
13:15: I-onr. 13:17; Buss. 12:46 2-5.
P. Hanna for the Olympics and J. Hart
for Reno were the next to try for honors,
and a very pretty race was the result.
Hart came under the wire in 13:31.
There was no contest in this relay, the
Olympic man refusing to take the pace
as was understood and agreed upon by
the local man, and they finished the five
miles in 15:03, with Keddie slightly in the
lead.
A little before 2 o'clock the two clubs
sent their ridefrs out for the warm up.
The grand stnnd was crowded, the space
in front of the building was a mass of
humanity, while the track was so crowded
that it was with difficulty space could be
made for the riders. Fully 3500 people
witnessed the downfall of the Olympics.
The first relay was between Kragness
and Thompson. It was a pretty race and
was won by Kragness in 13:2J 2-5. The
second relay was contested by Balge and
Keddie.
Olympics— E. O. Kraeness. J. Balge. P.
Hanna. M. Davis, J. Ephralm. W. McKinney,
W. Demara, R. Emery, C. Lonff, E. F. Rusa.
Reno— W. Thompson, A. lteddie. J. Hart. A.
Peckham. B. Frazer, C Meyshon. W« .Everett,
K. Shaver. E. Stanley. J. JPeckham.
RENO, Sept. 17.— The Reno Wheelmen
coast champion relay team this afternoon
decisively defeated the Olympic team of
San Francisco at Agricultural Park, in
this city, by more than a mile and a half
In the relay bicycle race. The line-up of
the two teams was &3 follows:
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Beaten at Almost Every Stag* of the
Contest, but Rus3 Carries Off
Honors for the Fastest
, Bide.
Californians a Mile and a
Half to the Bad at
the Finish.
RENO'S RELAY
TEAM DEFEATS
THE OLYMPICS
RUSSIA REFUSES
TO CHANGE PLANS
Has Not Modified Its Intention to
Withdraw Forces From
Peking.
CINCINNATI. Sept. 17.-SU lives were
lost, two persona were fatally injured and
several others were seitotuly fronted In a
flre at 405 East Front street this even
| Ing. The fire was In an oil four-story
tenement building that the Salvation
Array was using as a day mrsery for lit
tle children, and five of the victim* wera
little children that had been l~f; there to 1
be cared for while their parent n - ? re out
gaining a livelihood. Another victim was
a man who perished In an attemp; to save
the life of his littlo four-yeu.r.y.1 boy.
The dead are:
JAMBS HARKINS. painter, a^ed 40
years.
HERBERT HARKINS. aged four, toa
of James.
RHODA HARKINS. aged five mor.ths.
HAGGIE WILLIAMS. aged :iire«
months.
EDWARD MULLEN, aged four years.
MYRTLE FAKRELL. aged six years.
The following are fatally Injured and
not expected to survive: Post Captain
Elizabeth Erickson of New Tork. a native
of Sweden, aged 25: Staff Captain Berth j.
Anderson of Chicago, aged 23. also a na
tive of Sweden:
The following are seriously injured and
are in great agony, but expected to re
cover: Bessie Atkins, aged five; Frank
Frank Hill, aged two months: Albert Hill,
aged three years; Joseph Benton, aged
/our years.
The bodies of the dead were burned to
a crisp and the charred remains of James
Harkins were clasping what was left of
his little son Herbert.
All of the victims and those Injured be
longed to or were in the nursery, except
James Harkins, who came to the rescue
cf his child.
The property loss was only J1500.
On account of the cold weather to-day
a fire had been started In the stove for
the little tots, who are cared for there
during the day while their mothers ar<»
1 engaged at work elsewhere. It is thought
that this caused the flre through Boma
, defect in the flue.
Five Were Children and the Sixth
Was a Father Who Dashed
in to Rescue His Littlo
One.
Six Lives Are Lost in the
Burning of a Salvation
Army Home.
FATAL FIRE IN
A DAY NURSERY
AT CINCINNATI
THE SA15T FRANCISCO CAL.I,, TUESDAY, 18, 1900.
"DRYDOLLAR'S" BIG PICNIC
A VERY SATURNALIA OF CRIME
I
4
Tf the * naked truth ever appears In 'the
yellow papers it's because it's naked and
not because It's the truth.— Detroit Jour-
nal.
Dr. Db Ford's Cough Cure
Promptly cures all Inflammation of the pulmonary air passages. When air
, others fall, this remedy ia a cur© In the best sense of the word. Price. 25
cents.
Dr. De Ford's Dyspepsia and Indigestion Cure
Will cure acute or chronic, stomach or Intestinal Indigestion or dyspepsia.
The first dose relieves. Price, 25 cents.
Dr. De Ford's Rheumatism Cure
•Will relieve- in a few hours and cure In a day or two all rhpumntle Joint and
muscular affections, sprains, lame Joints, hips and back. Price. 23 cents.
Dr. De Ford's Skin Remedies
"$500.00 for every case of true eczema my Skin Remedies fall to cure." say»
Dr. De Ford. If you have Itched and scratched, even ten years. Dr. D*
Ford's Skin Ointment -will stop it In three minutes. Dr. Do Ford's Blood and,
Skin Cure -will promptly and forever rid the blood of eczema. These reme-
dies are 25 cents each.
Dr. De Ford's Kidney Cure
"My remedy will arrest and cure any form of Briphfs Disease, provided
there is not advanced destruction of the kidney structure." says Dr. D<> Ford
No matter in what condition your kidneys, take this remedy to-day for von
have 06 chances out of 100 for a complete cure. Send or brir.c a sample of vour
urine to Dr. De Ford: he will examine It chemically and microscopicallv
¦without charge, and advise you. Kidney Cure, price, 23 cents. *
Dr. De Ford's Nerve Cure
Thousands have found a cure In this remedy when all hope had cone win
.cure nerve exhaustion, nerve starvation, nerve bankruptcy, irabilitv t«
concentrate the mind, despondent, morbid fears, cannot sfeeD ' Priii. £
cents. v * -^ r -ce. z>
Dr. De Ford's Regenerator
Why not be young ajraln? Are you prematurely old? This remertv *****
degeneration of . the vital nerve cells (vital powers), makes weak^erfstmn-
again. Price, 50 cents. . taen 'tron,,
Dr. De Ford says: "I prepare no cures for incurabls diseases no im-
possible remedies; my remedies are not 'cure-alls,' but a separate cure for
each, disease." Forty-five different remedies for 45 different diseases
mostly 25 cents a bottle. * '
For sale at all drugstores.
Trade supplied by Kedington & Co.
CAUTION TO THE PUBLIC— Due to the large sale and lncr*",<,fn^
for Dr. De Ford's Remedies unscrupulous dealers are offerlnsr Vr?ft t u nsr *u™ t
as good." Be sure to get De Ford'a and refuse all oUiVr" at they cal1 JU3t
No. matter what your disease may be— '
No matter how many doctors have treated you
No matter how much medicine you have taken
No matter bow hopeless your condition may seem i
WRITE TO.. . DR# p AlJL DE FQRD T heFmlnent **
?JL>U FOR FREE MEDICAL ADVICE, E «»«*opean Graduate.
No. 175 North Spring Street, Los Angeles Cal.
Personal letters to Dr. De Ford receive his confidential «»» .*.
Remedies mailed to any address, postpaid, on receipt $ pric On *
Dr. Db Ford's Remedies Relieve With the First Dose, liil^ •
FRIEND OF THE SICK.
He stands for the people against the
harmless yet fatally incompetent
su^ar pills and the health and life
destroying strong drugs and poisons.
FREE distribution of his advanced
Homoeopathic remedies (either Cough
Cure, Dyspepsia Cure or Rheumatism
Cure), now going on from the Examiner
office until Wednesday at 5 P. M.
With Dr. De Ford's 45 remedies, tried and proven by thousands of
cases cured, every one can ba his own doctor. Each cure Is plainly labeled,
with all directions clear and simple — no guessing', no delay, no experiment,
no poisonous, nauseous doses. The relief is instant, the cure certain, quick
and permanent.
DOCTORMrs. Jessie Campbell while doing a tra
peze act at Mechanics' Pavilion last night
for th« edification of a large crowd of
rytnpathlzers of the stricken residents of
Galveston, fell a distance of fourteen feet
and had both bones of the left forearm
broken. Bhc was taken to the Receiving:
Hoepltal, where ehe was treated by Dr.
Dacigaiupi, after which ehe was removed
to her home at 562 Third etreet << c
Fell From a Trapsze.
Charles Raphael, uniform tailor. 2822
Grwnwich street, swore to a complaint
In Judge Fritz's court yesterday for the
nrr*>pt of "John Doe" Williams. Bert Hall
r.nd "John Doe" on the charge of grand
larceny. He said the three men entered
his store on September 13 and while one of
them engaged him in conversation the
other two stole his wife's Jewelry. con-
Fisting of a diamond ring, gold ring and
two silver watches, all of the value of $75.
How Raphael Was Tricked.
I^oyal R*>bekah Lod?C. I. O. O. F.. crave
an entertainment in '.is hall last n!pht in
aJd of the Odd Fellows' Orphans' Home
fit Gilroy. The hall v. .is crowded and the
principal attraction presented was "Mrs
Jarley's Wax Works," presented by Miss
Emma Brauer. X. a.. Jennie Wright, Tes-
Fie Schmidt. Christine Power, Mrs. Fan
rie Daniel?. Alexander Jacobi, Dr. George
Eaton Daniels. Oeorsre WaJcome. H. f.
"Wright and C. W. Tov.le. with Mrs. Eola
Cyprus as. Mrs. Jar!ey. For an interlude
there was a fancy danre by May Belle
Jewell, a recitation by Mi*s Ulberg and a
y»io by Ida L*»e Spencer, accom
panied bv Edith Decker. The evening
closed with dancing.
For the Orphans' Home.'
Umil Bru^uiere Demands That Chief
Sullivan Shall Reprimand
Policeman Scott.
Em'.I nrns:iji«re. tri'f to his declaration
Funday r.leht. made a formal complaint to
Chief Sullivan yesterday afternoon
against Policeman Scott for escorting
him <vjtFid--> the fir* line Ht the Hre on
Van Ness avenue and O'Karrell street
Sunday nijrht. Scott was present and af
ter the Chief heard both their stories Bru
ruiere askrd that gcott be reprimanded.
The Chief told him that Scott had simply
done his duty and there was no occasion
»o reprimand him. Bruguiere said he
would lay the matter before the Commlsl
f loners and the Chief said he would save
him that trouble, as it would be done at
the meeting- to-r.i^ht.
T. McGovmti, engineer of Chemical En
gine 4, and F. Simon, the driver, accom
panied Scott to testify in his behalf but
the Chief did not caJl for their statements
They saw the whole affair and say that
Bcott showed not the slightest discourtesy
to Bruguiere. who. on the contrary, was
very offensive in his language and con
duct.
WANTS SATISFACTION FOR
HIS WOUNDED FEELINGS
This 5s in truth a season of popular ex
cur^ior.s. and the number of people who
have lakon advantage of them is almost
incredible. The great good they accom
plish to the community at large cannot be
doubted, since they attract thousands of
people out into the mountains ar.d into
the free, pure air of the country who
otherwise would stagnate at home.
A few days ago the Southern Pacific
gave a grand run down to Pacific Grove,
rarrylng nearly four thousand excursion
'.<=is. a!l of whom were comfortably seiLt
*<i. happv. and will lestify to the royril
pood tinr" they had. Now we are told by
the Eppee officials that another equally
grand fun is to be made to" the pretty city
'¦T Santa Cruz on Sunoay. the 3f>th. for the
t-am^. *>xceedinfrly low price. J2 round trip.
Thif- time it will be over the narrow
jrauge. tnkir.g: the ferry steamer at the
lom of Market street.
The supremely beautiful scenery of the
Sar.ta Cruz Mountains and the numerous"
smractionf- cf Santa Cruz are too well
known to need mention. The trip is
known f-vorvwhere :i I one of the most
!nter*».ttirg and beautiful on the Paci£c
Coast.
Santa Cruz Will Be "It" Next "Week.
THIS IS ONE
OF THE BEST
ACHILLES WOULD GO
AWAY TO THE WARS
His Father Came From Minnesota
to Take Him Out of the
Army.
George Foley came all the way from St.
Paul, Minn., to prevent his 36-year-old
son. Achilles E. Foley, from going to the
Philippines as a soldier of Uncle Sam.
He applied to United States District
Judge de Haven t yesterday for a writ of
habeas corpus commanding Colonel J. B.
Rawles of the Third Artillery at the Pre
sidio to produce young Foley in court at
11 o'clock this morning and show cause
why his enlistment should not be declared
void.
The father says the boy enlisted with
out his consent in St. Paul at the age of
16 years and 11 months.
Tivoli.
The ever popular "Faust" was presented
at the Tivoli Opera-house last night, and
to judge by the crowded house and pre-
S. H. Friedlander & Co. announce that
the California Theater will be reopened
next Sunday night, when the long looked
for Azzall Italian grand opera company
will sing for the first time in this country.
Verdi's "Otello" has been selected for the
opening, and. other operas to be sung dur
ing the we*-k are "Carmen." "La Travi
ata" and "Aida.'' An auxiliary chorus
of forty has been carefully rehearsed for
several weeks and excellent productions
are assured. The usual California Thea
ter popular prices will prevail and the
sale of seats will begin Thursday morning
at 9 o'clock.
California.
Miss Lewis kept the piece: from being
"guyed." She has ail of her old-time
charm and grace of movement and the
large clusters of Howers handed to her
after her skit. "The Touch Girl," were
felt to have been worthily won.
Montaine. Scott and "Webster In make
up and action were good, while Marie
Uowe and Stella Rozetta divided the
honors of the comedy parts assigned
them. There was so little sequence and
purpose in the lines that It was difficult
for the actors to deliver them seriously.
Had not Miss Lewis been in the cast
the farce would have been a catastrophe.
Alcazar.
The tyro who attempted to write a farce
and styled the attempt "A Widow's Hus
band" has cause to congratulate himself
or herself on the fact that the name of
the author was not printed on the play
bill and that Ada Lewis was in the cast.
The farce has many funny" things In it,
but they are diluted as though the author
was paid by the pa*re. The last act would
be funny if cut in two and the audience
would not be as resentful as It was last
night in being compelled to sit up until 11
o'clock for a farce that should be finished
at 10.
upon an audience the art of acquiring
these arts. L. DU PONT SYLE.
LAST niglit at the Columbia
Theater Mr. Clement presented a
curtain-raiser (evidently adapted
from the Frtnch) by Dion Bouci
cault. entitled, "Xapol eon's Guard." The
programme announced that the ver
sion ?iven was "rearranged by Mr. Clem
ent." Alas! Why did he not leave it
alone? "
In Mr. Clement's version all the char
acters are absolutely required by the ac
tion to be French. How comes it. then,
that one of them has a purely English
title, being- called ".Lord" Beauville? And
would a French "lord" be likely to have
an English secretary named Rawson?
And, again. If all the characters are
French, why do three of them speak
English without a foreign accent, one
with a French accent and one with a
German accent? They should surely all
speak correct English or correct French.
May we <lare to stultify the plain
intention of the author and pay that only
the French and German accent characters
are French, while the English-accent
characters are.Kng-Hsh? Jf fo, how can a
French corporal, Haversac, be the loyal
subordinate of a defunct Ensrlish g'eneral.
brother to the villain. "Lord" Beauville?
The brain reels at the contemplation of
this racial paradox.
Mr. Clement is a good actor, but no ac
tor, however good, can make credible
such a mass of incredibilities as this.
The sooner he. drops it from his reper
toire the better.
Compared with "Napoleon's Guard."
"The lieils." that followed, is a compact,
well-knit play— and this, too, in spite of
Its gauze curtain apparitions, its long
soliloquies, its absurd mesmerism and its
feeble attempts at comedy. The Interest,
of course, lies chiefly in the dream scene
of the third act. This Mr. Clement plays
with all necessary fervor, yet without
rant. He certainly pets a thrilling ef
fect out of it — If this thrill Is physical,
rather than spiritual. Well, we cannot all
be born Trvimrs and it is well that there
be diversity of gifts.
As to the support. It Is no uncruel klnd
nesn to remind some of them that correct
pronunciation and passable elocution are
arts that should be mastered before gcing
upon the stage; it is not fair to practice
COAST NEWS IN BRIEF.
•SANTA CRUZ. Sept. 17.— Among the sub
scriptions toward the obtaining of woolen mills
for Santa Cruz was one of $200 received to
day for a let from Mayor Phelan of San i ran
elsco. Only about thirty lots out of the 200
remain, unsold. /
WOODLAND. Sept. 17. — Benjamin Ely and
wife celebrated the sixtieth anniversary of
their marriage at their home In Buckeye Town
fhip on Sunday. Their children, grand-chil
dren and great grand-children to the number
of 150 ¦ v.-ewe present.
NAPA, Sept. 17.— The will of Charles Robln-
Kon. filed to-day, leaves $4000 to the Napa
school district for the purchase of a library
to Wo called "Robinson library." Five hun
dred each is left to the Howard and Carneros
districts for the same purposes.
SEATTLE. Sept.- 17.'— A special to the Times
from Dawson says: According to the state
ment of reliable miners now returned to Daw
son-from the Tans.na district, after having thor
oughly prospected and panned on all the dif
ferent develoi>ed creeks, the digglns are "no
good." ' . .
' '¦- HANFORD. Sept. 17.— Manuel Cordoza. a
wealthy rancher, while riding on a wagon with
a loaded shotgun beside him. was dangerously
wounded by the accidental discharge- of the
weapon. The charge, struck him in the leg
ahoveothe knee, necessitating amputation. His
condition Is critical.
VENTURA. Sept. 17.— Alec Stocks of this
city, aged 40 years, was Instantly killed at
CaHtac this afternoon while unloading heavy
timbers from the cars. Stocks was a member
of a. Southern Pacific construction crew. A
skid . broke and the timbers fell upon Stocks.
A -fellow-worker named McKenna also was In
jured. •¦....
¦LOS ANGELES. Sept. 17.— John H. Coxe,
real estate apent and -alleged embezxler. was
locked up In the county Jail this morning. He
wa.« captured yesterday morning about fen
miles this side of Oxnard by- Constable Prlt
chard of Santa Monica and taken back to Santa
Monica last night, being brought up to the city
early .this mornlns.
SANTA ROSA. Sept. 17.— Mr. and Mrs.
Thomas Hudson who resides a few miles above
Mark West Springs, were poisoned yesterday
by eating an overripe muskmelon. Soon after
partakins of the fruit, distressing; symptoms
¦were manifested. Physicians were hurriedly
summoned and Mr. Hudson soon was pro
nounced out of danger. His wife is in a pre
carious condition. . .
SATCTA ROSA. Sept. 17.— A new development
to-day in the case of the killing of Ah Nan.
the Chinese hop picker found murdered in his
tent last week, was the arrest of six mem
bers-ot the crew, who will be held as wit
nesses. Ah Gle. who was a tentmate of Ah
Hop now under arrest charted with the mur
der, fled a few days ago, and the authorities
wish' to avoid an absence of. • witnesses when
the cn-ie comes to trial.
DIXON. Servt. 17.— But for the heroic efforts
of the- Fire Department this morning. Dlxon
would have. been destroyed by flames. A spark
fr6m a parsing engine set fire to some hay
on the ranch of Robert Curry, north of town.
A 'north wind was blovrlns and the flames
spread rapidly. The Fire Department was
quickly on the scene, and after a hard fight
quenched the flames, but not before they had
destroyed eighty tons of hay.
Th* tctal of AeccifT.t'a property, ac
oordlntr to this statement, is J4S7.5P3 31.
Mr. Henshaw's bonds were fixed at
n/o&jooa.
With the petition for special letters Mr.
Henshaw files the following as a list of
decedent's property:
<"»s=h In th>» San Francisco Savings Union,
$:'2.'14 ?.?: <"ash in the San Francisco Savings
fin-i l^oan Society. SC2.650 74: thirty-flve Oakland
"Water Otmpar.y bond?. $36,750; twenty Oakland
Transit '"ompany l«->n<is. i:4.0W: 1000 shares
rrntra <"osta Water Company stock. 1105. 000:
T.v 1 thai»s i icanio Stenmship Ftock. $r;,6ou: 100
t-fiar* 1 * Fir>t National Bank of Oakland. 112,000;
SOB Fhar^s Union Savings Hank of Oakland,
J^.Oku ten $K»Of> coupon preferred shares ReaJtv
Syndicate. 110.000; rroir.1.<-!>OT y note of F. 1.1.
Smith, iwurfj by :""0 phares Pacltto BorsLX
nock, JOiiO Fhares of Borax Consolidated of
I.nridon ar.<i the 10 by 12 foot lot at Montgom
ery avenue and Kearr.y street, $50,000.
"William G. Henfhaw was appointed
rpccial administrator of the estate of the
late Hfnrj" t). Cogswell by Judge Troutt
yeetenlaF. Special letters w^re granted
owing to the delay which will ensue In the
granting of letter? testamentary because
of the Tiling of several contests to deced
ent's ¦will.
I»roperties in a Petition for
Letters.
William G. Henshaw Places Value on
COGSWELL ESTATE WORTH
UNDER HALF A MILLION
"NAPOLEON'S GUARD"
IS INCONSISTENT
French Characters Have English
Names and Wrong* Accent.
Tivoli Success.
- The members of the Board of Educa
tion made a round of visits to the various*
schools of the city, yesterday to ascertain
for themselves whether or not the classes
which Superintendent "Webster says are
overcrowded need reclasslflcatlon.
'•President Mark said last night that the
inspectfon had resulted in the formation
of a new class in the Grant Primary.
Principals of other schools visited de
clared themselves satisfied with the pres
ent-classification and no further changes
were made. In the case of the Grant the
new class will be formed of the overflow
from the third and fourth grades.
' Contrary to expectation, the classifica
tion of the Pacific Helnhts School will
remain unchanged. Tlie average enroll
ment there is heavy, fftty-three being the
number of pupils in most of the classes,
but as the principal is satisfied the board
has decided to take no action.
..."As to who will take charge of the new
class x I am not yet prepared to state,
said Mark last evening. "Of course we
Shall be guided by the priority rule. \Ve
shall not. however, appoint an incompe
tent teacher merely because her name
happens to come first on the .list. Should
the principal of the school have any
worthy objection to our choice we may
skip two or even three names to get an
efficient Individual. The matter will be
decided at the next meeting of the
board."
At the Pacific Heights School three
pupils", are unprovided with desk room.
These will be accommodated.
•Other schools visited were the Emerson
Primary, Everett Grammar, Dudley Stone
Grammar, the Jackson Primary" and the
Crocker Grammar. The board reports
that there Is ample accommodation in ill
these schools, and that principals declare
themselves well pleased with the classi
fication.
Board Makes a Tour of Schools and
Mark Says Principals Are Sat
isfied With Present
'}.- • Status.
Solitary Case of Overcrowd
; ing All the Directors
Can Discover.
ADD IT ION AL CL A S S
CREATED IN THE
GRANT PRIMARY
The battalions of the Fifth and Eighth
Infantry, encamped at the Presidio, were
*ri|ragfd yesterday in packing their bagr
pape in order to be ready to break camp
this morning at 7 and march to the trans
port dork. The men came here raw re
cruits, but incessant drilline has made
them a. fine appearing and soldierly lot.
The officers are particularly proud of the
rapid manner la which they acquired a
knowledge cf the manual of arms and
ir.liitarv methods.
Ceptaln Amos Kirnball. quartennaeter
«t the Presidio, -was taken to the General
Hospital yesterday muttering from appen
dicitis. His many friends hope for an
('axly return of the genial officer to his
duties.
Word was received at headquarters yes
terday that Companies B and M. Twenty
fourth Infantry (.colored), had left Fort
Wright that day. Company B consists
cf two officers and 117 men. and Company
M has three officers and 125 toen. Ac
companying the detachment is an acting
assistant surgeon and four hospital corps
ititi.
Lieutenant A. M. Davis. In command
of the Kuard of th© l.awton. having re
ported himself tick, will be relieved of
hie command at Seattle by Captain C. L.
Hodges, Seventeenth Infantry.
G«nerai Shatter In a letter to th© War
Department has recommended that the
transport Lawton brmc from Nome all
the inflig-er.ts she can, in the estimation
of the captain of the vessel, safely carry.
Irrespective of air space. Th© general con
tends that the men can Bleep on the
decks, as they have been sleeping In the
open air in Alaska. It is hoped by crowd-
Ing the ship to avoid a second trip. The
miners will not be brought to San Fran
cisco, but will be landed at Seattle.
Vessel "Will Bs Crowded in Order to
Avoid Second Trip— Colored
Infantry Expected
Soon;
Unfortunates Who Return
Have Prospect of Un
comfortable Trip.
LAWTON TO MAKE
BUT ONE RUN TO
DESOLATE NOME
Th«» Olympia. has a pood bill this jveek.
Sid Baxter last night gave an exhibition
of juggling which has seldom been *;aual
ed in San Francisco. 'The dance of all
nations and the living pictures ¦were also
well received.
Olympia.
The Chutes has a good bill this week.
The leading features are Williams and
Blssell, a clever sketch team; Richard
Wild, in imitations of the late J. K. Em
mett:'-«AI Hazzard. ventriloquist: Baby
Ruth, the child wonder, and the great
lion act. '¦¦ • ¦ - • ¦
Chutes.
The presentation of the nautical play,
"The Bottom of the Sea," pleased a large
audience at the Alta Theater last night.
The action of ,the play is mainly on the
decks of ships, I from one of which the
West Indian cable is laid. The bottom of
the sfa in the fourth act save opportu
nity for showing. some of the animal life
in the depths of the briny deep, together
with real divers with electric llpht at
tachments. The characters were well sus
tained.
Fischer's Concert-house offers an ex
ceptionally strong bill this week. The
solos of Mae Tunison and Olive Vail won
hearty encores last night and the songs of
J. F. Veaco— "Queen of the Earth" and
"Dcnna e Mobile"— were sung in excellent
style. Paul La Croix, a novelty juggler,
performed some surprising feats and Pearl
Hickman scored an immediate hit. Han
lon and Singer pnd new moving pictures
concluded the programme.
Fischer's Concert House.
Ship Ahoy, with its fun and swine of
the sea, is on again this week at the Al
hambra. New jokes, new jests and new
songs augment the libretto and the play
ers work with the enthusiasm of the first
night. Of Ferris Hartman but little need
be said, as he is known by all theater
goers and his store of humor is inexhaust
ible. Misses Julia Cotte and Hattle Belle
Ladd are well placed and their singing la
all that could be desired. The chorus is
not the- least feature of the farce. The
costumes of the dancing girls are as
bright as the place thpy occupy and their
singing rounds out the -few little vacuums
that appear here and there in the gauzy
fabric of the plot. If last evening may
be taken as an Indication, full houses
will be the order of the week.
Alhambra.
Jessie Bartlett Davis is still the bright
particular star at the Orpheum, and last
night she was recalled again and again
and smilingly complied. The songs she
rendered gave full scope to the' flexibility
and volume of her magnificent voice. The
most charming of the five was possibly
"Because I Love You So," which was
rendered ¦with an archness and sweetness
that were irresistible. Her last was the
ever-welcome "O, Promise lie." Among
the newcomers the Johnston brothers es
tablished themselves as favorites Their
playing on the xylophone is .splendid.
McCale and Daniels, the Irish Tourists,
are very funny and their boxing exhibi
tion should not be missed. Ozav and
Delmo. comedy jugglers, are srood. ThG6e
with the holdovers— Querita Vincent, Ger
trude Mansfield, and Caryl Wilbur, the
Young American Quintet, Johnson and
Dean and the American blosrrauh— mako
one of the most attractive bills* yet seen
at the Orpheum.
Orpheum.
Faust himself has not often received a
more gracious rendering, than was accord
ed the part last night in the hands of
Barron Berthald, and a notable feature of
its success was the fine blending In tho
ton© quality of the voices of Faust and
Marguerita. Signor Salasaa received an
cvation on his appearance as Valentine.
Nlcolini's Mephisto was very good in
places. His voice, however, is hardly of
sufficient depth and his work as regards
rhythm is often very apparently careless.
Wagner was satisfactorily sustained by
Signor Napoleoni. and a sood word must
also be said for the chorus and orchestra
Anna Lichten ig certainly more happily
suited in the rolo of Marguerite than in
anything else she. has done • this season.
Her "King cf Thule" and the -Jewel
Song" were admirably sung and charm
ingly acted. Frances Graham adds an
other to her growing list of successes as
Slebel. Miss Eleanor Josephs, in a mag
nificent gown, as Martha, .filled the part
very satisfactorily.
There Is an especially happy cast for
the opera In ,thls representation, which,
doubtlees, accounts for a larger propor
tion of the enthusiasm, and indeed It was
conceded all around that the opera watf
given Jn perhaps more fully satisfactory
shape than anything that has yet been
put on. Encore after encore greeted the
favorite numbers, and kept the play going;
till long after the usual hour of closing,
and each singer seemed at hia or her
best.
vailing enthusiasm, its popularity 1b rath
er on the Increase than otherwise.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 18, 1900.
SCENE FROM "THE BELLS." PART OF THE DOUBLE PROGRAMME
PRESENTED AT THE COLUMBIA THEATER, IN WHICH CLAY
CLEMENT PORTTtATS WITH GREAT CLEVERNESS THE DIFFI
CULT CHARACTER OF MATTHIAS.
Alta.
5
BAN FRANCISCO.
WILLARD : 0. WAYMAN, Manager.
G.-W. McNEAR, General Agent.
PACIFIC DEPARTMENT,
NE. Cor. California anl Sansoms Sts.,
JAMES B. A TiVORTV Vice Prestdent.
.'. « ;' EDWIN P. MERRILU Secretary.
Subscribed and c-trorn to before me, this 29th
day of January-- 19"°. * • -. ¦
GEORGE T. WILGUS. Notary Public.
The Weekly Call.
.v$Mpep Year*
Resident Secretary,
8AN FRAXC1SCO.
CHARLES D. HAVEN
PACIFIC DEPARTMENT.
NO. 422 CALIFORNIA ST.,
HT W. EATON. Rest. Manager.
GEO. "W. HOTT. Deputy Manager.
Subscribed and sworn to before me. this 27th
day of March. 1300. "W. II. WILDET.
Notary PubUe.
-£..*.*>..»*
TRINITY SCHOOL.r^
G. S. MEAD. 22C3 Central ave.
slon that Trinity School has been discontinued.
It will open as usual MONDAY. August «.
Only boys of good moral character are taken.
POLYTECHNIC B8?L n e f c! s
Has the largest and best equipped departments
In the 'West. Regular business and shorthand
course. Students may enter at any time. All
graduates in responsible positions. Free cita-
logue. Oakland. Cal.
DRAWING NEAR THE END
Of hot weather now, when you will be
thinking of resuming your white linen
once more for business and social fun=-
tlona, and. we wish to remind you that
this is the laundry where the work la al-
ways done satisfactorily, and the color
and finish on shirts, collars and cuffa Is
without a rival.
Domestic finish for full dress shirts, if
you order it.
No saw cdffes.
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
Office 1OO4 Market Street
Nemr Powell.
Telephone— South 42O.
Oakland Office— 62 San Pablo Ave.
PALACE HOTEL
It Is universally acknowledsed tnat tnes*
hotels possess the attributes that appeal
to particular people— undoubted luxury and
comfort, unsurpassed cuisine and servle*
and superior appointments and location.
Connected by a covered passaceway and
operated under one manarraient oa ta«
American, and European plans.
GRAND HOTEL
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for Flr»
prsmhims (4.717.430 2S
Received for interest on Bonds and
Mortgages 133,344 «
Received for Interest and dividends
on Bonds. Stocks, Loans and from
all other sources 95,534 M
Received for Rents 94,1«2 07
Received from all other sources 250 00
Total Income $5,047,031 39
EXPENDITURES. "
Net amount paid for Fire Losses (In-
cluding J315.087 53. losses of pre-
vious years) $3,402.452 03
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage *28.0M 5t
Paid for Salaries. Fees and other
charges for officer*, clerks, etc 327.229 tl
Paid Tor State. National and Local
Taxes • 148.323 S3
All other payments and expendi-
tures JW.4S3 11
? Total Expenditure" $3,072,590 01
Fire.
LOSSES incurred during the year.. .$3. 332.252 41
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premium*.
Net amount of Risks
written during the
year.. $71S,»48.427 tt.tS7.Ut U
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
year O1.57I.759 «.OM.W1 93
Net amount In force
December 31. 1^99... K4.K0.763 7.09«.547 SO
LIABILITIES.
Losses In process of Adjustment or
In Suspense - $324,990 E<
Losses resisted. Including expenses.. SO, 400 CO
Gross premiums on Fire P.lsks run-
ning one year or less, $3,422,933 81;
reinsurance 50 per cent * 1.711.499 40
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year. $3,573,-
64S 69; reinsurance pro rata LS2L460 41
Amount reclalmable by the Insured
on perpetual fire Insurance policies. 223.141 S3
Liability under Life Department 90.033 07
All other demands against the com-
pany »?4.513 9t
Total Liabilities .S4.778.06O «0
Total Assets ». 43.667 S7
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company.. (....Jl.S5S.7oO 00
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages 3,307,350 CO
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company 2.S73.S3? SO
Cash tn Company's Office LZ73 73
Cash In Banks CT7.007 23
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 193 03
Interest dun and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgage* 44. OSS 40
Premiums In due Course of Collec-
tion 8S4.7G <«
Rents due and accrued 13,000 Co
Life loan 1.40i>(rt
Perpetual Policy premiums due 92 45
INSURANCE COMPANY
OP LIVERPOOL. ENGLAND. ON THE MST
day of December, A. D. 1899. and for th«
year ending on that day. as made to the In-
surance Commissioner of the State of Cali-
fornia, pursuant to the Provisloaa of Section*
C10 and 611 of the Political Coda, condensed as
per blank furnished by the Commissioner.
and GLOBE
LIVERPOOL and LONDON
—OP THE—
STATEMENT
—OF THE—
CONDITION .AND AFFAIRS
txntte;t> states branch.
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
j • -OF THE
STATEMENT
OF THE
-OK THE
FIRE AND MARINE
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF PHILADELPHH. IN THE STATE OF
Pennsylvania, on the 31st day of December.
A D 1S39 and for the year ecdlne on that
JJ, „ m&de to the Insurance Commiiloner
of the State of California, pursuant to the pro-
visions of sections 610 and 6U of the Political
Cod* condensed as per blank furnished by the
Conditioner: CAplTAI^
A^\f. f ..?T.! l ."!."*».. I^». .^jmooooc
ASSET?
Real Estate ownert by Company *iS5'59^ 52
Loans on Bonda and Mortgage. 734.9a*) 00
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company.....^... «01.9n CO
Amount of Loans secured by pledge
of Bonds. Stocks and other market-
able securities as collateral ?2
Cash in Company-s Office ;.". ".9o9 17
Cashin Banks ••• •• «.»3o '»
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and loans ......... 6.151 55
Interest -due and accrued on Bonds
Pr*e n mium°rin a due Course o*f CoVlecVton SS.062 18
Bills receivable, not Mat"«». taken
for Fire and Marine Risks 13,124 95
Rents du« and accrued.. ............... 4«0 oO
Due from other Companies for Rein-
sur&nce on losses already paid 11.S10 OS
TotalAsMts - E.CK.CJS »
LTABiLTTTFS.
Losses tn process of Adjustment or
*„ ...«••¦¦¦•¦¦••• J-5 1,«». i 4o
Losses resisted.' including expenses... 2.700 00
Grt*s premiums on FlrjvRtjksi run-
nlr.K one year or less. J229.449 3Z: re-
Insurance f.0 per cent .- 114.724 S3
Grons premiums on Fire Risks run-
ninsr more than one year. $..67,93* 10:
reinsurance pro rata.......... 297,S« 05
Amount reclalmnWe by the Insured
on perpetual Fire Insurance Poll-
cles ; ...•'•'• ' • 621,03s 31
All othsr demands aralnst the Com- ¦¦
pany 66.303 j!
Total liabilities ....;...... 11.132.892 01
IN'COME.
Net cash actually received for Fire „
premiums ...'. •••;;•••! "J ?* 03 — e6 **
Received tor Interest on Bonds and
Mortgages VV,",^"V **' w ' *'
Becelved for interest and dividends
on Bonds. Stock*. Loans, and from
all' other source*. J0.067 «
Received for Rents ,... 10.9.n 5J
Received from all other sources 1.9«2 51
Total Income H9US4 33
EXPENDITURES.
Net. amount paid for Fire Losses
(including $29,612 1L losses of prevl-
ous years).."..:... .'.... 1225.383 79
Dividends to Stockholders 75. COO CO
Paid or allowed , for Commission or
BrokeraK* 94,033 60
Paid fAr Salaries. Fees and other
Charges for Officers, clerka, etc E5.3SS 41
paid for State. National and Local
taxes ....:...... 23.029 2$
AH . other < payments . - and expendi-
tures ". * 15,311 52
Total Expenditures ....'..... I5M.12S 63
LoW* .Incurred durlne the' year
«Flre> - -.K63.107 17
Rl*k« ana Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Kef amount of Risks
written durlne the •
year-: : $o2,722.27» - $S07.:i3 sS
Xet-nmount of -Risks • • . • ..
expired during the .
year ..:...........•.-¦ 45.102.8S7 439.79J TO
Net amount tn force - . ' .
December : 31. 1899.. - 82.595.043 781.SS2 a
Hitchcock School,
FOR YOUNG MEN AND BOYS.
Eecirmt* Rooms. Gymnasium. MUlUry OrtIL
Etc
CHRI8T1IAH TERM BEOINS AUGUST ttTB.
SAN RAFAEL. CAL..
Rev.. Chas. Leander, San Francisco, Cal.
Rev. Chas. Leander, pastor First Spirit-
ual Society • of San Francisco, writes
frorri 311 Turk street, San Francisco, Cal.,
as follows: . .,
"It is niih pleasure that I give my
endorsement of Perunc. M/ experi-
ence has been vsry satisfactory from
its use, and. I do firmly believe that it
is the best known remedy for catarrh
in all its different forms."
Mrs. E. -Gibson, -Waxahachle, Tex., in
Emma Mankin. Mont Eagle. Tenn.,^
in a recent letter, says: "I have suffered
with catarrh vt the stomach and bowels
for three years. I tried three doctors
and several different medicines recom-
mended for troubles similar to mine.
Your medicine was recommended to me.
and aft«»r th» u«e cf thirteen bottles I was
entirely cured."
The exceedingly hot weather of the
present summer Is producing an alarni-
inc fatality frcm diarrhoea, cholera
lnfantum. cholera morbus and dysen-
tery. Everv family and person ought
to' be provided with an effective- pre-
ventive and cure for these diseases.
Pemna never fails: when uy<»d in time, to
cure the most severe cases of them.
Thousands of lives are saved by thl3
unfailing remedy in all acute di^ases
of the stomach and bowels. If you ar»
not already acquainted with the won-
derful virtues of Peruna in summer
complaints, send for a free book written
by l>r. Hartman. Columbus. Ohio, on.
diseases peculiar to summer, which con-
tains a description of the causes, symp-
toms and cure cf these danterous and
pr?valent diseases. This book sent free
to any address by Tbe Peruna Medicine
Company. Columbus, Ohio.
"A friand of mine advised me to
try Peruna, and I did so. After I had
taken two bottles I found it was help-
ing me, so I took six bottles, and it
cured me sound and well. If any one
wants to know v/hat Peruna has done
for me, if they will r/riio to me I will
OF SUMMER.
a recent letter, says: "I wa« troubled
for five years with a chronic disease. i
trWT every thing 1 I heard of. but nothing
did me any good. Some doctors said my
trouble was catarrh of the bowels aim
some said consumption of" the bowel?.
One doctor paid he could cure ma; I tooK
his medicine two months, but it did me
no sood.
THE CATARRH
— ADVERTISEMENTS.
mj^^!5
f '* ' ~ ' - * '¦ •
.- — — — I — . ... -_-: -. .--..- ¦- -^ ... ¦^ mmmt ¦ -. ... , • - . — : — -— i .. i '¦ ¦ • * -If responsibility for labor disturbances and class un
rest can be laid justly, to the Democracy out of office,
wfcat a tale of calamity could be written with the
Bryanites in power.
In Edmitting the merit of Sergeant Price and re-
Fusing to reward it the Police Commission is probably
obeying one of the rules of the Phelanitc code of civic
morality. .
The praise which ill nations are bestowing upon
American troops in China for refraining from out
rages is evidence eloquent to prove that Uncle Sam';
soldiers arc as generous to a fallen foe as they are
dangerous to a fighting one.
The Board of Education, lashed by public opinion
into a sense of duty, has decided that priority of ser
vice and not the dubious avenue of favoritism shall
povern promotion in the department. It will be in
teresting to watch how the board will honor its own
mle.
HINT TO JUDICIARY.
' DICE SHAKING— Constant Reader,
City. In shaking dice with three dice the
spots that ¦ are uppermost are counted.
When but three dice are used the general
rule is one throw, then a second and a rub
on the third throw^
WASHINGTON CENT— R. C. P.. City.
There were three Washington cents issued
in 1783. The one having upon its face a
bust of Washington facing left, encircled
by "Washington & Independence, 17S3,"
and on the reverse "Unity States of
America!' and one cent in a wreath', com
mands a premium from dealers of from
10 to- 20 cents. Dealers charge for such
from 50 to 75 centa. '
DUNNING LAW— A.R. s.. City. There
Is no law In California that is known n3 a
"dunning law," permitting a creditor to
dun a debtor for an account that is out
la-wod. I If a debtor passes along the street
and is insulted or hcoted at or annoyed by
a creditor the debtor has his remedy In a
criminal court by applying to the prose
cuting attorney of one of the police courts
for a warrant for the arrest of the one
who disturbs his peace.
BROOKLYN BRIDGE-E. \ L. J B
City. The following are the statistics of
Brooklyn bridge: Width of bridge, S5 feet
length of j river ; span, 1595 feet 6 inches;
length of each' land scan. 930 feet: length
HEALTH LAWS— C. R. F., City. If
you wish to read up health laws and or
dinances you had better go to the Fr*w>
Public Library and call- for books on that
subject.
FROGS— J.. City. A list of works on
frogs and breeding therqof was published
in Answers to .Correspondents on August
18, 1900.
THE LARGEST STEAMER— P. M.. Sac
ramento, Cal. The largest steamer afloat
on the Atlantic Ocean is the Oceanic —
IcnRth 704 feet, breadth 63 feet and depth
'.0 feet. .".¦::¦ >;¦;¦¦¦
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
Pomona Progress.
The announcement that John J. Valen
tine, president of the Wells-Fargo Ex
press Company, is going 1 to vote for Bryan
this fall has caused a high tide of raptur
ous joy in the breasts of that candidate'.-*
devoted followers.
And why shouldn't It?
Mr Valentine is a bijr man.
Mr. Valentine is at the head of one of
the biggest corporations and monopolies
this country has.
Mr. Valentine I.-? a tax-shirker, hl3
monopoly having shirked its share of th*
war taxes by refusing to pay the tax on
express shipping receipts, thus compellin<
the laboring and producing classes to pay
its taxes for it.
Before Mr. Valentine'announced that he
would vote for Mr. Dryan the Democratic
newspapers throughout the country con
signed him to the lowest depths of Dante's
inferno for shirking his taxes, and hei<l
him up to the public gaze as an awful ex
ample of the greed of corporations anJ
monopolies.
But that was before Mr. Valentine had
swallowed the Kansas City platform at
one gulp. That act produced a mag c
transformation and made his case a strik
ing example of "before and after taking/'
» ? * 1 v :<
BEFORE AND AFTER TAKING.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 17.— A. "W. Hyon
and H. Franklin, of San Francisco, and
W. \V. Garthwttlte of Oakland, are at the
Shoreham; L.. R. Mead of San Fran
cisco and Mrs. J. C. Tucker of Oakland
are at the Arlington; J. W. Harris of San
Francisco and G. A. N'arbonne of Los An
geles are at the St. James. >
CAIilFORNIANS IN WASHINGTON
Since the time that report was issued there has not
been much in the way of fighting. The -Boers no
longer: hold their positions with the valor and skill
and resolution displayed in the early days of the war.
It is evident most of them have lost hope of victory
and arc fighting now solely because they cannot
bring their minds to submit to the hated yoke. Not
withstanding the lack of fierce fighting, however, the
British will still lose a good many men before peace
is established. ; Empire, it will be seen, is costly.
The new province has cost the empire dear. Offi
cial returns from London gave the list of deaths
among the British forces down to August 25 as fol-
Killed in action... 2SS0
Died of wounds gll
Died of disease •. 53^
Died of captivity gg .
Accidental deaths. .: 91
Total deaths.... 9231
In addition to the dead there were at the time the
report was made 2833 men who were either prisoners
in the hands of the Boers or missing. The soldiers
sent home as invalids numbered 27,309, raising the
official statement of the casualties for the British army
to the monstrous, total of 40,561. This, be it rcmeni"
bered, makes no mention of the sick and Wounded
soldiers in the hospitals throughout South Africa,
who probably range in number between 15,000 and
20,000 men. ,
THE COST OF A PROVINCE.
PUBLIC interest in the war in South Africa has
well nigh ceaseJ. There are no longer any bat
tles to be fought there, and the world does not
care to follow the dreary story of the pursuit of feeble
and scattered bands of desperate patriots by the va
rious troops of Lord Roberts' victorious army. When
the general elections ?re called for in Great Britain,
and the Salisbury Ministry has to submit to the voters
a declaration of the policy it proposes to pursue in
dealing with the conquered, 'there will be again a
world-wide interest in the issue, for all intelligent
people will watch to see how much of magnanimity
and how much of despotism the British will exhibit
dealing with their fallen foes. For the present, how
ever, the subject is about closed.
.The temerity with which lawyers are ready to risk
being in contempt of our local courts suggests that
contempt of court is frequently justified.
CREDIT belongs to President McKinley for put
ting into a single terse phrase the fact that
whatever issue the Bryanites may call "para
mount" in this campaign, the preservation of the gold
EiandLrd is "the immediate issue," and equal credit is
dfe to Senator Hanna for setting forth in a statement
equally terse that the chief feature of the so-callei
"paramount issue" is the hypocrisy of Bryan with re
gard to it.
Speaking of the relation of Bryan to the Philip
pine treaty, Senator Hanna in a speech on Saturday
evening al Delphi, Ind., told how, at a gathering of
representative Republicans in Boston, Senator Hoar
characterized Bryan's action and announced his judg
ment tpen it. The dispatches report Senator Hanna
to have said:
That grand old man arose and. laboring under the
solemnity— and, as he thought, the Importance — of that
occasion, felt that he had been almost estranged from
his party and from his President, and yet. strong under
his own convictions that had rooted within him In a
lifetime, he saidi "Gentlemen, you all know that 1 have
not been in harmony with my party upon this Philip
pine question: but that is only one of the many im
portant questions, and as long as my party stands upon
the foundation, the principles of which were the be
ginning and baptism of its life, I shall stand by my
party. But." he said, "I propose to tear the mask from
the face of that hypocrite, William J. Bryan. I call
him a hypocrite because, like my friends Senator Lodge
and Senator Hanna, I know the motive which inspired
the action on his part to ratify the treaty. You told
me then, but I could hardly believe It was true, and
I now see that it was true, and that he Is acting
the part of a consummate hypocrite in all his advocacy
of the opposition to the President on that occasion."
Commenting upon the statement of the venerable
Senator from Masachusetts, the orator went on to
sav: "I repeat it here and I will repeat it from every
rostrum where I have the opportunity, that the ac
tion of Mr. Bryan and those who" are following him
in this contest on this Philippine question has been
ere of hypocrisy and' deceit from the beginning and
will continue so to be to the end."
There is no exaggeration of politics in that state
ment. For years Bryan has declared that his chief
object in politics is the overthrow of the gold stand
ard. He persisted in that declaration down .to the
meeting" of the Kansas City /convention. The astute
politicians of Tammany Hall who attended that con
vention, being aware that to make the campaign on
the silver question would medn an overwhelming de
feat, na«aged to have "imperialism" declared the
"paramount issue," and Bryan, who-had urged the rati
fication of the Philippine treaty, fromptly adopted the
THE CAMPAIGN OF HYPOCRISY.
be perfect rest
T. L. R.
The Glllespies had no blood relatives In
San Francisco, and. although after the
death of her husband Mrs. Gillespie's
later years were saddened by life's cares
and the loss of fortune, contrary to the
ordinary way of the world she did not
suffer the loss of friends, for many ral
lied to cor.fort and support her declining
days. She died f» years old, blessed in the
memory of all who knew her. May the
constimmation of her gentle life, in deUh,
Mr. and Mrs. GHlcspie. after livinir in
China for several years jis a young mar
ried couple, came to San Francisco in l^-tS.
They saw all the early struggles of the
young city and shared in its vicissitudes.
They were both prominent in the work
of the Episcopal church, and identified
them selves with Trinity parish from its
first organization. Mr. GMcfCTp was un
til his death a vestryman of Trinity, and,
having no children of her own, Mrs. Gil
lespie devoted herself with loving tender
ness to- charities for children, and was
for years one of the active managers of
the San Francisco Protestant Orphan
Asylum. She was also notable as a
housewife, and the cordial hospitalities of
her husband and herself were well-known
features in San Francisco homelife of the
yours gone by.
Mrs. Sarah B. Gillespie, who died Sun
day morning at St. Luke's Hospital, was
the widow of the late Charles V. Gil
lespie, for many years one of San Fran
cisco's best known citizens.
IN MEMORIAM.
— Scoharle Republican.
Said a young and tactless husband
To his Inexperienced wife:
"If you would but give up leading
Such a fashionable life.
And devote more time to cooking-
How to mix and when to bake —
Then, perhaps, you might make pastry
Such as mother used to make."
And the wife, resenting, answered
(For the worm will turn, you know);
"If you would but jrive up horses.
And a score of clubs or so.
To devote more time to business —
When to buy and what to stake —
Then, perhaps, you might make money
Such a3 father used to make."
SAUCE TOR THE GANDER.
Coroner's juries have communed with themselves
and have decided that four men killed in this city by
the Southern Pacific cars owed their death to their
own fault. The railroad company must be offering a
bonus to suicides.
The Call floes not ho'd It3<?!f responsible for
the crlnion* published in this column, but
presents them for tvh«itovt-r value they may
have as communications of general interest.
Editor T^ie Call:
And still the wonder srew.
That one small head could carry all he knew.
Our' erudite Mayor, who assumes not
only to govern the city, but to educate,
inform and rnthuse its dull citizens with
flights of oratory, tells u.s in his quoted
address to the Pioneers that Henry Clay
apostrophised John Adams thus: "Ven
erable man, you have come down to U3
from another peneratien."
Now if he will read the matchless
oration of Daniel "Webster delivered at
the laying of the cornerstone of the Hun
ker Hill Monument, he will find that the
"God-likp" Daniel opened his address by
turning to the survivors of that famous
battle and savins: "Venerable men. you
have come down to us from a former
! generation. Heaven has bounteously
! lenpthened out your lives that you might
behold this joyous day."
Now it ha* always been deemed more
manly to rob the living than the unresist
ing dead, but it has been, left for our
prodigy of a Mayor 1Q turn iconocfastic
Khoul and tear the laurels from the tomb
of the preat. A PIONEER.
San Fruncl«co, September 15.
CRITICISM OF MAYOR
PHELAN'S ORATORICAL
MISAPPROPRIATION
THE CALL has won a significant victory for the
teachers in the local School Department by
compelling from the Board of Education a con
cession that instructors shall be advanced and reas
signed according to the priority of their service. Dur
ing the administration of the present board a gross
evil has been fostered. In the star chamber proceed
ings in which the bourd delights teachers of long
Standing were virtually thrown out of the department
by being degraded to the unassigned roll without pay.
Favorites were not only advanced without merit, but
v.tre actually smuggled into the department in the
most approved style of the political schemer. Under
the mask of consolidation opportunity was given to
provide for these favorite?. Under the convenient fic
tion of a principal's recommendation a new avenue of
dishonesty was opened in the system.
The Call exposed this evil, and now President Mark
gives an assurance that it will no longer be an ele
ment of the administration of the board of which he
is president. Notwithstanding this promise President
Mark is already seeking to evade the course which ex
perience has demonstrated to be just. He says that
while priority of service will govern advancement, the
recommendations of principals will also be material
factors in determining the action of the board.
This means simply that the prevailing and dishonest
»cherne of favoritism is not to be completely destroyed
by the board. A principal's recommendation, under
the present board, has meant nothing more or le^s
than the coercion of the board upon a principal to ask
for a teacher whom she does not know and had no
opportunity of knowing. A vacancy happens, for ex
ample, in a certain school. The principal may know
only one of the teachers who are available to fii! the
vacancy. Those whom she does not know are the
oretically and, very probably, practically as efficient as
the one she knows. But her acquaintance with a par-.
ticular teacher is accepted by the Board of Education
as the qualification most essential for advancement.
Instructors who have known longer service must
vsit unassigned or make the acquaintance of eve-y
principal in even' school in San Francisco or seek the
favor of a politician with a pull. This is the evil which
ends in demoralization and scandal. It is the evil of
favoritism, which The C?H exposed. It is the evil
tvhich President Mark promises to eliminate from the
School Department. Under the theory of the local
school system experience is the criterion of efficiency
and its proof is priority of service. If in obeying this
established rr.le of the department the board commit
error, the remedy fixed by statute and which the board
has not been sJow to accept lies in the accusation, trial
2nd dismissal of teachers found to be inefficiem.
President Mark should remember that favoritism is
ro safeguard except to those who possess no other
qualification for advancement.
flN EVIL IN Th|E SCriCCLS.
J. T. Louis is back from Hawaii after nn
absence of six years. He is at the Occi
dental. He predicts a bigger output of
sugar from the Hawaiian Islands this
year than for three years past. The
crops are exceptionally good thl3 year and
there are a number of new plantation^ to
be heard from. He says the country has
been greatly overestimated relative to the
opportunities t'or smal! farms. Those
without abundant capital stand a poor
Show of success, he bays.
Mr. r»nd Mrs. Henrv C. Breeden and
daughter. Miss Blanche Virginia Breeden
of Portland, are stopping at the Palac.
Miss Breeden Is to be married to-morrow
nfternoon to Howard Coles Burmister of
Prescott. Arizona, vie* president of the
R. H. Burmister & Sor.s' Company. Tnt
ceremony is to take place at 3:30, the Rev.
Dr. Langdon officiating.
Among the Seattle people who came in
on the -Walla Wnlla and who are regis
tered at the Grand are: \V. C. Hayes.
Mrs. E. Rowland. Anna M. Church. Miss
M. G. Rigney and Miss Mary Rlgney.
T. H. Moore of Galveston, Texas, ar
rived in the city yesterday and has taken
quarters at the Russ House. Mr. .Moore
said he left the ill fated city two days be
fore it was storm swept.
Dr. Oscar J. Mayer, for many years
surgeon in the local hospitals, left yester
day for New York City, where he is- to
take up his permanent residence.
H. B. Gehr. president of the Kohala and
Hilo Railroad in Honolulu, and Williatr.
F. Hellbron and wife, also of Honolulu,
are at the Occidental.
Georpe Ross and wife have taken apart
ments at the Occidental. Mr. Rrss con
ducts a big plantation in Honolulu. .
E. C Chapin, a retired merchant of
Holyoke. Mass.. is stopping at the Russ.
He is traveling for his health.
J. M. Willman of Newman and C. R.
Downs of Sutter Creek, both mining men,
are at the Occidental.
H. Bratnober and wife of Tacoma are
guests at the Palace. He is an expert
mining engineer.
Colonel Robert L. Meade of the United
States Marine Corps »3 registered at the
Palace.
H. H. Noel, wife arid two children and
governess from England are stopping at
the Occidental.
E. V. Dart, a prominent Rock Island
business man. is staying at the Occi
dental.
C. White Mortimer. British Consul at
Los Angeles, is registered at the Occi
dental.
Rev. P. F. Logan, a Catholic priest of
Louisville. Ky., i« registered at the Palace.
C. C. Block of the United States cruiser
Philadelphia Is registered at the Palace.
B. F. Logan of Louisville. Ky., Is at
the Palace. t ¦
William M. Levine of New York .13 at
the Palace.
C. W. Eastman, a Modesto lawyer, I?
at the Grand.
Dr. William D. Babcock of Los Angeles
is at the Lick. »
O. O. Howard, nephew of General How
ard, is stopping at the Palace.
E. II. Whltcomb and wife of Davenport,
Iowa, are at the Occidental.
PERSONAL MENTION.
of Brooklyn approach, 971 feet; length of
New York approach, 1562 feet 6 Inches;
total length of carriageway, C9SD feet; to
tal length of the bridge, with extensions,
6537 feet; size of New York caisson. 172x
102 feet; aize of Brooklyn caisson, 168x102
feet; timber find iron in caisson, 5251? cubic
yards; concrete in well holes, chambers,
etc.. 5C69 cubic feet: weight of New York
caisson, about 7000 tons; of con
crete filling-, about 8000 tons. New York
tov/cr contains 46,C-i5 cubic yards mnsonry;
Brooklyn tnv»er contains 3S.214 cubic yards
masonry. Depth of tower foundation be
low hiprh water. Brooklyn. 45 feet: depth
nf tov.or fountl^tion belov/ high water.
New York, 78 feet. • Size of towers at high
wntor lino, 140x59 feet; size of towers at
roof course. 13t;x">3 feet: total height of
towers above high water, 27* feet. Clear
height of bridge in center of river span
above ftiph v.-ater p.t 00 degrees Fahren
heit. 135 foot; height of floor at towers
above high water. 110 ftet 3 inches. Grade
I of roadway. 3'i feet in 100 feet; height of
! towers above mad way. 1SD feet; size of
I anchorage, at V>f>.se. 120x11!) feet;, size of
I onchorr.ire at ton, 117x104 fe a t; height of
I nnchorage?, £9 feet front. S3 feet rear;
I weight of each anchor plate. 23 tors; num
ber of cables, 4; diameter of each cable.
lo-^i Inch^-; lensrth of each single wire in
j cables. S57S feet B inches: ultimate strength
I of earh cable. 12.000 tons: weight of wire,
j 12 feet per pound. Each cable contains
I 520>> parallel (not twisted) galvanized steel.
c-il-ooat< > d wirf-s. elorely wrapped to a solid
cylinder \'<\ Inches in diameter. Perma
nent weight suspended from cables, ll.CSO
I tons.
"Old fellow." responded ChoTly. "I shall
regret it to my dying day that I didn't
see you. I was too busy watching the
minor effects of the explosion. Would you
mind doins it now to show me how you
look when you hustle?" — Chicago Tribune.
"You ought" to have seen me hustling
to get out of the way when the explosion
to^k place." said Fweddy.
COMPELLED TO MISS IT.
Reuben— Can you tell me something to
buy that Is sure to go up?
Stoxanbonds — Yep. Thennometer3. —
Baltimore American.
A RISING STOCK.
"Excellent, excellent." was the enthu
siastic reply. "He can handle facts In a
most masterly manner."
"Facts!" roared the campaign manager.
"Facts! Great Scott, man! Don't you
know we have no facts to handle? What
we- need Is a man who can worry along
without them." — Chicago Post.
"Do you think he Is a good man to put
on the stump?" asked the Democratic
campaign manager.
NOT THE MAN FOR THE JOB.
"Too much," answered Senator Sorg
hum. "Too many people want to pat ma
on the back and speak •words of encour
agement instead of giving something."—
"Washington Star.
"Do you get much encouragement In
connection with your campaign fund?"
ENCOURAGEMENT.
You nay Mot as you write, and then
scratch out the same;
Eut no power can erase a big blot on
your name. —Detroit Free Presa.
"We ¦women, this psychologist says, re
member our dreams more vividly than
men remember theirs."
"Of course, my dear. You know you
have us men to dream about." — Chicago
Record.
CONCEIT OF MAN.
"That magazine editor Is a double-dyed
villain and a deep schemer."
"In what respect?"
"When I struck him for increased re
muneration he raised the rates, but now
buys only half as much matter."—Indian
apolis Journal.
Tess— Were there any marrying mea
down at the shore?
Jess — Yes; it was awfully aggravating;
Ttss — Aggravating?
Jess — Yes; there were tov.T ministers and
two Justices of the peace there.—Philadel
phia Prt-sd.
A MEAN TRICK.
NONE TO BE MARRIED.
A CHANCE TO SMILE.
ADDING TO THE GAYETY OF NATIONS.
—New York Tribunal
It appears that one of the readers of the Exam
iner has a friend from Berlin who does not believe in
the immortality of the soul, and the reader, being
greatly distressed thereat, wrote to the Examiner to
say: "You could very much oblige me by telling me
something I could say to him." Thereupon the yel
low journal proceeded to instruct the reader to tell
the Berlin atheist, first, that Bismarck believed in a
future life; and. second, that a caterpillar has no
more right to turn into a butterfly than a man has to
turn into an angel. It closed with this sage advice:
"Say to your friend: 'Hans, you are only a caterpil
lar, not a .philosopher, and so don't bother me any
more.'" Then it adds: "Calling him a caterpillar
will annoy him and leave him without an answer."
It will be seen the method is simple. Call Roose
velt a cowboy and it will annoy him and leave him
without an answer. The defect of the method is it
is so easily learned that even wise men may be
tempted to use it in answering a fool according to
his folly; so let the retort go — the Examiner is a
caterpillar.
By way of evading an assertion of sincerity or a
confession of insincerity as to silver, the Examiner
hastened to Roosevelt's argument on the Philippine
question, and referred mockingly to what it called
"the cowboy standard." Such a method of meeting
an" opponent's arguments will not appear satisfactory
to the public, but the Examiner thinks it will pass.
In fact, in an editorial immediately following the one
on the Roosevelt letter it gives an explanation of its
style of argument, and the explanation is sufficiently
curious to be interesting.
Had the Examiner icad Roosevelt's letter it would
have found there this statement: "When our oppo
nents champion free silver at 16 to i they are either
ir.iincere or sinccre'in their attitude. If insincere in
their championship ihcy of. course forfeit all right to
belief or support on any ground. If sincere, then
they are a menace to the country." That is the way
the people look at it.
If that mean anything at all it means that the free
coinage pf silver is no longer a live issue; that it is
as dead as Ptolemaic astronomy. If such be the case,
however, why did the Kansas City convention re
affirm and reiterate the silver plank of the Chicago
convention? Why did Bryan seek and obtain the
nomination of the convention of silver men? Why
did Towne of Minnesota, who is a Republican on
every issue except that of money, withdraw from the
Populist ticket in order that Bryan might be better
?b!e fo make the tight for sjlvcr? Why does Senator
Teller of. Colorado and many another silver Repub
lican support Bryan?
CALLING HIM A CATERPILLAR.
WHEN reviewing Roosevelt's letter of accept
ance yesterday the Examiner said: "Governor
Roosevelt is v»;ry sure that we ought not to
have the free coinage of silver. It is believed, al
though space was lacking to dwell upon it, that he is
equally opposed to the Ptolemaic system of astron
omy, the Virginia and Kentucky resolutions and the
Lecompton constitution of Kansas."
The telephone monopoly must be scheming some
new imposition upon the public. The company, with
unaccountable generosity, has agreed to reduce it5
charges of service to the city government.
TUESDAY SEPTEMBER 18, 1900
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address A!! Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
MANAGER'S OFFICE Trlrphone Fre*« 2O4
rim.ICATlO.\ OFriCE.. Market nnd Third. ». F.
Telephone l'reaa 2O1.
rniTOniAL nOOMS. . ..2IT «o 221 Stevenson St.
Telephone Vrrrn '202.
Delivered ?»¦»¦ Cm-rler*. 15 Ont« Per Week-
Sfnsrle Coptcn. S Cent*.
Term* by Mali. Including Ponfacei
DAfLT CALL (Including Funday), cne year %*M
DAILY CALL C.ncludlr.c Sunday). « month* *.M
DAII/T CALL, (Including- Sunday). S months LSI
!>AILY CALL— By Sinnie llonth «e
FirsOAT CALL On* Tear LH
WEEKLY CALL On» Year LOO
All jio»tum»lrr» are itnfhoriied to recelre
. unlinrrlptlons.
Bajzmlm copies will be forwarded when requested.
OAKLAND OFFICC HIS Broadway
GEORGE C KROGNES3,
Manager Foreign Advertising, Marquette Building. Chicago.
(Lock Distance Telephone "Central SO.")
Lle'.l ecbecrlbeTB In oroertns change of address shouM to*
r«Jtlcular to grt ve both NEW AI^D OLD ADDRESS In order
to insure * prompt and correct compliance with their request.
KEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C C. CARLTCN Heraid Square
• NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN B. SMITH 30 Tribune Building
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf -Aetorl* Botel; A, Brentano, 21 Union Square;
It-: n y ii;:i UcteL
CHICAGO KEW6 STANDS:
Ebennan Hooee; P. O. News Co.; Great Northern Hotel:
rremest Ucubc; Aufiitcrtum Hotel.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE 1405 G St.." N. VV.
MORTON t. CRANE, Correspondent.
feRASCF OFFICES— tn Montgomery, owner of Clay. op»n
until t:S0 o'clock. S00 Hayes, open until f:30 o'clock. €33
2JeAlllrter. open until 8:10 ©"clock. 61S Larkln, open umll
»:SC o'clock. Mil Mission, open until 10 o'clock. ZXl Market,
corner Sixteenth, epen uctll 9 o'clock. 109« Valencia, open
until 8 o f clock. ICt Eleventh, open until 8 o'clock. KW cor
ner Twenty-gecntid and Kentucky, open until 9 o'clock.
There is no. other man in the country who is re
garded as more typically American than Roosevelt.
Certainly there is none in public life who knows all tfo
United States more thoroughly or has a more com
prehensive sympathy with all. classes of its people. He
is a university man who spent several years of his life
as a cowboy; a Northern statesman who when the
war broke out went to the front as a leader of Rough
Riders drawn from the Southwestern plains. He
know? Montana and Texas as well as New York and
Massachusetts, and is a true American to the core.
His letter will find a. responsive welcome everywhere,
and there will be many an old-fashioned Democrat
who will be moved by it to repudiate Bryan and all
that Bryan stands for and vote for McKinley and
Roosevelt.
Concerning the problems involved in the regulation
of trusts Mr. Roosevelt says: "There are real abuse >
and there is ample reason for striving to remedy tho>e
r.bu?es. * * * The first thing to do is to find out
the facts, and for this purpose publicity as to capitali
zation, profits and all else of importance to the public
:s a most useful measure.'' He adds: "Much may
be done by taxation. Even more can be done by
regulation?, by close supervision and the unsparing
excision of all unhealthy, destructive and anti-social
elements. The separate State governments can do a
preat deal, and where they decline to co-operate the
National Government must step in."
The remainder cjf the letter deals with the issue 1 
r.ri?ing out of the war with Spain and the insincerity
of the Brj'anites in shouting against "imperialism"
and "militarism" is exposed. As Mr. Roosevelt
say?: "The words rncrn absolutely nothing as ap
jlied to our policj' in the Philippines. * * * Our
army is relatively not so large as it was in the days
of Wayne; we have not one regular for every 1000
inhabitants. There is no more danger of a draft than
there is of the rcintrodr.ction of slavery."
. Since it is not so much a contest between Repub
licans and Democrats as between the friends of good
government at home and abroad and the supporters
ol a policy of disaster, it is fitting that the points in
controversy should, be emphatically stated for the in
struction of the voters. Mr. Roosevelt has done that
in the following words: "Fundamentally and prima
rily the present contest is a contest for the continuance
of the conditions which have told in favor of our
material welfare and of our civil and political integ
rity. If this nation is to retain its well-being or its
self-respect it cannot afford to plunge into financial
and economic chaos: it cannot afford to indorse
governmental theories which would unsettle the stan
dard of national honesty and destroy the integrity of
our system of justice. The policy of the free coinage
of silver at a ratio of 16 to 1 is a policy fraught with
destruction to every home in the land. It means -un
told misery to the head of every household, and.
above all, to the women and children of every home."
With a characteristic justice of statement Roose
velt says: "I feel that the contest is by no means
one merely between Republicans and Democrats. We
have a right to appeal to all good citzens who are
far-sighted enough to see what the honor and the in
terest of the nation demand." In view of the fact
that so many eminent Democrats who have been
among the most stalwart of their party in times past
have in this contest declared for the Republican nomi
nees, the accuracy of that statement cannot be suc
cessfully disputed. A great host of far-seeing Demo
crats who have an intelligent appreciation of the in
terests and the honor of the republic will support
McKinlcy this year as firmly as the sound money
Democrats supported him four years ago, and it was a
graceful act on the part of Roosevelt to make a pub
lic recognition of their patriotism.
GOVERNOR ROOSEVELT in accepting the
Republican nomination" for the -Vice Presi
dency has presented the country with one of
the clearest and strongest statements of the issues at
stake which has yet been made. All the vigor and
verve which are characteristic of the man are mani
fest in the letter. Thcie is'not a weak sentence in it.
No important issue of the time is ignored or evaded,
nor is anything intruded which distracts attention
from the main questions before the people. As a cam
paign document it will be widely read and will prove
one of the most effective of the year.
ROOSEVELT'S ACCEPTANCE.
During the campaign of 1896 Bryan by his specious
promises and direful predictions of what would hap
pen if silver were not remonetized managed to fool
;¦ good many of the people. Since that year, how
ever, the course of events and the advancement of
prosperity have refuted all his prophecies and made
his promises valueless. He cannot fool -the people
?gain, not even by trying a new trick. The campaign
of hypocrisy will end for Bryan even more disas
trously than the campaign of debt repudiation" four
years ago.
The hypocrisy of Bryan in the campaign has been
further shown by his refusal to say whether, if elected
to the Presidency, he would pay in silver all the
Government obligations which are not specifically
payable in gold. Upon that question he will neither
say yea nor nay; and yet it is but a short time ago
since he went about declaring the establishment of the
gold standard "the crime of modern times," and em
phatically announcing that if elected President he
would get rid of it as quickly as he could.
new cry. He had himself helped to prepare the way
for it. He had long foreseen the need of some kind
of mask to wear in the East while waging his second
tattle against gold and with the raw cunning of an
unscrupulous demagogue was quick to find that mask
in the problems which the war with Spain have left
for the people of this country to solve.
T^ii riAN FRANCISCO CAI/L, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER IS, 1900.
(>an Jose ixercury.)
The San Francisco Jiul^e who Jiarl the i
half paralyzed and wholly ill Mrs. Craven !
dragged into court because he would not
believe the certificates of "physicians flicl
by her attorneys made a most damning
comment by hirf action upon the practice
of the law in thut city. When Judges so
utterly discredit the aiMuavits and solemn
declarations of attorneys made in»judicial
proceedings, it reveals a condition of rot
tenness of the bar and courts that calls
loudly for reform. Why has not somo
Judge attempted to improve the tone of
judicial and legal ethic* by punishinp for
contempt or having inaicted for perjury
some of the attorneys who make fai«»
statements in court or file false atttdavi's?
No fraudulent suit, r.o forged will no
blackmailing contest, no skillfully 'pre
pared perjury, no lying affidavits have
; eor.e into and through the courts without
the active work of attorneys fully cogni
zant of their character and in most cas«j
their chief factor. The bench has the
I power, if not to put an end to such things
at least materially to modify them if it
will us^it, but this presumes a bench not
infected with the ethics that obtain In a
bar where these practices are not frowned
upon. '
LIFE,
6
MAN'S HARD FATE.
"There s no such thinp as rest."
"What do yoti m«Sin?*'" •
"Why. when I'm idle I'm always pur
sued by the fiendish imape of the work
I ought to bo doinff."— Indianapolis Jour
nal. . i
Cal. glace fruit 5*)c per rb at Townsend's •
¦ » m
Special Information supplied daily to
buslriesui houses and public men by th-j
Press Oilppinp Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont-
gomery st. Telephone Main 1012. •
Take Your Own Pictures.
We have cameras from 80 centa up to
$45 each, and all materials for takin? p!c-
tures. Prices low. Sanborn. Vail & Co.,
741 Market street. •.
One hundred and f'evon of the natlonnl
banks of the Tnited States hold deposit*
of $5,000,000 or more each— a record that
has never been equated by any other na-
tion.
Dr. Sanford's I-i^er Invigorator. •
The best liver medicine. A vegetable c:ir« for
Uver ll.'s. biilou«nes3. indigestion, constipation.*
No grippe, no pneumonia In the early winter,
those who build up their systems after the hot
season by using DR. SIEGERT'S Angostura
Rlttora. i
AUCTION SALES.
OccJflental Horse Exrtangf-Tues(3ay Evening, September IS.
»t T:£O o'clock, Hcirscf, at 7-1 Howard street.
By s. Waikinp — Tuesday, gpneintwr IS, at U o'clock,
Hones, at 1521 Market txreft.
Grar.d C7>tra-hoii?e — "Quo VaiSis."
Alcazar— "The 'Widow's HuEband."
Tivcli— "Trovator*."
Columbia — 'The Bells" and "Xaj>oleon'» Guard."
Alhambra — ""t?h'.i> Ahoy."
California — Grand Opera, Sunday nigtt, September I3.
Olyrr.pia. corner Mason and Eddy streets— Specialties.
Chute«. Zoo and Theater — Vaudeville every alternoon and
evenly.
I r :sch<-r-B— Vaudeville.
Fhemmn-Ciay Hail— Song Recital. Thursday evening, Sep-
t*:r.ber 20.
Futro 13aths— Or*n n!rhts.
Tanforan Park— T7ie <ireat Kalr. September 14 to October 6
AMUSEMENTS.Sun rises ..5:54
Run Bctii 6:J3
Moon rises 0:58 a. m.
Expansion.
From St. Ix>uls Globe-Democrat
The trade expansion of the United States is
a matter of pride' to all Americans without re
gard to their personal views on territorial ex
pansion and Its political bearings. While trade
In Rengral has expanded as never before in
the history of our country. Its volume can best
be understood (by the practical Illustration fur
nished by one great concern which lias long
led the world In Us particular branch of busi
ness. * v.
The output of the different brands of beer
of the Anheuser-Busch Brewing Ass'n of
St. Louis, Mo., goinp to every part of the civil
ized earth, has reached in the months of Jun*.
July and August. . 1900, the unprecedented quan
tity of 323.449 barrels. That Is more than a
year's output of some breweries calling them
selves ireat.
TUESDAY. SEPTEMBER 18.
NOTE— Th*' hlrh ami low waters occur at
the city front (Ml«slon-street wharf) about
twenty five minutes later than at Fort Point:
the h'litht of tide In th<? same nt both places.
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Hay. Publi»h«l by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
¦X — ¦ "!*
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and I,ow
A married woman who says her
name is Annie Brown was arrested
In the Kmporlum by Special Policemen
Allen and Tllton yesterday afternoon and
booked at the City Prison on a charge of
petty larceny. She had stolen two silk
handkerchiefs. She said she could not re
sist the temptation to steal, but after the
feeling left her she had quietly replaced
the articles. She was released- on $20 cash
bail. ¦ :?^a:^-;;
Says She Is a Kleptomaniac.
Rene Adam's, alias Polly Knight, tvho
shot Billy Abbott, the notorious dlvekeep
er on Dupont street about a month ago
and had the caso dismissed for lack of
prosecution, appeared before Judge Con-
Ian yesterday on a charge of vagrancy.
The case was continued till to-morrow
and she was allowed to go on $50 cash
bail. It was reported that Abbott was
again getting money from the girl and
had put up the cash to bail her out. Ab
bott denies both charges.
Abbott's Victim Again In Court.
Aug lii. lat 11 X. Ion 23 W— Br ship Alclnous,
from Liverpool, for San Fmnclsco.
June 2. lat 4 N. Ion 125 W-Ft bark Marthe
Roux, hence May 15, for Queenstown.
MISCELLANEOUS.
Br stmr Amur, which arrived at Victoria
Sept 17, reports stmr 8outh Portland/ from Se
attle, (or Nome, ashore for a time this morning
SPOKEX
Monday. September 17.
Stmr National City, Dettmers, Westport.
Stmr Greenwood. Farerlund. Greenwood.
Stmr Point Arena. Hansen. Mendoclno.
Btmr Eureka, Jensen. Eureka.
U S stmr Adams. Goodwin. Puget Sound.
U S stmr Mackinaw. Ivlttlpfleld. Seattle.
Br stmr WarfleJd, Pattle, Cnemalnus.
Schr Albion, Gudmansen, Coqullle River.
Schr Conflanza. Christiansen, Coqullle River.
SAILED.
Monday, September 17.
Stmr Mlneola. David, Nanalmo: Paclllc Im
provement Company.
Stmr Corona, Gietow, San I>ie-go; Goodall,
Perkins & Co.
Br Fhip Ancalcs, Fulton, Queenstown; L.
Kauffman.
Monday, September 17.
Stmr State of California, Gape, £3 hours from
Portland, via Astoria -13 hours.
Stmr • Corona, Glelow, 60 hours from San
Diego.
Nor ftmr Tltania, Gulllkeen, 90 hours from
Nanalmo.
Stmr Alcntraz. Carlson. 47 hours from Port
Los Angeles.
Stmr Walla Walla. Thomas, 3 days from Vic
toria and Puset Sound ports.
Ship America. Harding. 15 days from Orca.
Bark Martha Davis, McAllman, 26 days from
Bktn J L Evlston, Wlrschulelt. S days from
Tacoma. '
BHk Oalllee; Dlnamcre. 45 days from Tahiti
Schr Lena Sweasey, Johnson, 8 days from
Grays Harbor.
Schr Bertie Minor, Ravens, 4 days from Eu
reka. * -V'-i-'r
8chr Guide, Olsen. 7 days from Grays Ilar-
Schr Monterey, Beck. 4S hours from Cres-
S"hr Vine. Email. 10 days from Port Gamble.
CLEARED.
ARRIVED
Time Ball.
Branch Hrdroirraphlc Office, U. 8. N.. Mer
chsint«' F>-h»"«-e, San Francisco. Cal.,
September 17, 1900.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day —
1. e.. at noon of the 120th meridian, or at 8
o'clock p< m., Greenwich tlm».
C. G. CALKINS.
Lieutenant Commander. U. S. N.. In charge.
Notice to Mariners.
TRINIDAD HEAD FOG BELLACALI
• FORNIA.
Notice Is hereby given that repairs have
been completed to the fog-bell machinery at
Trinidad Head LlR-ht Station, California, and
the bell will be struck as usual during thick
or foggy weather.
This notice affects the List of Lights and Fojr
SiKnals. Pacific Coast. 1900. page IS, No. 50. and
the Lift of Beacons and Buoys, Pacific Coast.
19<W, pa&e 32.
By order of the Lighthouse Board.
U. SEBREE. .
Commander, U. S. N.,
Inspector Twelfth Lighthouse District.
Given Control of Townsend
Property by Judge
Dunne.
ELLA F. MURRAY
TO HANDLE DEAD
MOTHER'S ESTATE
In the Divorce Court.
Decrees of divorce were granted yester-
Closing Out Odd Lots.
Over S0O framed pictures and panels left,
from 25 cents up, to be closed out at one
half the regular price to make room for
new goods. Sanborn, Vail & Co., 741 Mar
ket street. •
The loss of her child had broken Mrs. Mur
ray's home, and under these circumstances the
desire to go to her mother was a natural and
reasonable one. In spite of the fact that »he
knew she mlnht not be altogether welcome, in
truth that ehe might anger and offend her
mother. From her testimony it would seem
that the treatment riven her by th» decedent
was about what *he had expected. But It
wculd seem also that after the surprise and
annoyance her appearance caused had passed,
she was treated with kindness and considera
tion. '.:.'':.
I am satisfied that Mrs. Murray has proved
her residence as required by the statute. The
application of | the Public Administrator Is
hence denied and the application of Klla F.
Murray is granted and letters of administra
tion upon the estate of Almira S. Townsend
will Issue as prayed.
Mrs. Murray's bonds were fixed at
$675,000.
The evidence shows that for more than thirty
years Mrs. Murray was a resident of Dorches
ter ™nd during part of that time her husband
having died, lived alone with her daughter.
During the years 1?92 and l&M she visited her
mother In sL Francisco and wain "turned to
Dorchester. • Some time in April of this year
her daughtcr-an only child-died and on th«
5th of July following she came direct to San
Francisco, where *he arrived nearly two weeks
before her mother's death, since which time
stated amon*
other reasons that a letter from Thomas T.
Townsend led her to believe that after long
separation he had determined to annoy his
former wife, the petitioner's mother, and she
concluded that Mrs. Townsend needed her
assistance, "for she knew of the terrible
treatment her mother had received and tne
several other wives that he had." ,-¦¦•
Mrs Murray further said that when she
left Dorchester she was very determined to
come .to this city to live for the rest of her
life The actual condition of Mrs. Murray,
after her daughter's death, would furnish a
sufficient motive for a change of residence and
elves color to the positive statements made by
her regarding her intention to take up a resi
dence in California.
While it i» true that the deceased willfully
and designedly separated herself from her
daughter during most of the years of her life,
she was not insensible to the relationship exist
ing between them nor forKetful of the duties
li imposed, all of which is shown in the ex
pressions of love and sympathy contained In
the correspondence that paused between th«m
after the death of her grandch'ld. for whom
she seemed to have had a deep affection.
Public Administrator Boland has met
defeat in his effort to secure, control of
the estate of the late Almira S. Townsend.
Judge Dunne handed down an opinion
vesterday and so far as the Superior
Court is concerned ended the controversy
between Mrs. Ella F. Murray tdecedent s
daughter) and the Public A«*m ntetrator.
Ella F. Murray was declared a legal resi
dent of this city and county, adjudged
legally competent to administer upon the
estate of her deceased mother and was
awarded letters in accordance wUh the
prayer of her petition.
In his opinion Judge Dunne says.
Judge Carroll Cook will go to Santa
Rosa this morning and occupy the Super
ior bench of that county, and Judge Bur
nett will come to this city and try the
Peter McGlade case, which will be called
this mnrnintr.
Burnett Will Try McGlade.
The Tivoll Operatic and Amusement
Company was Incorporated yesterday
with a capital stock of $130,000. All tha
capital stock was subscribed by the fol
lowiner directors: Ernestine Krelinsr.
$14D.4Ou; Johanna Kraus. Charles II.
Kraus. Ernestine Kraus and Johanna
Fischer, $150 each.
Tivdli Incorporates.
Suits for divorce have been filed by
Nancy Glassford agrainst John R. Glass
ford for desertion. Georgia White against
William White for desertion and William
C. Hearn asalnst Helena A. Hearn tor
cruelty.
day to Franklin J. Hicks from Rose Hlcka
for Intemperance. Charles B. de "Wolfe
from Mary A. de Wolfe for desertion. Pe
ter C. Warnke from Aupusta Warnke for
infidelity, Robert Walpole from Adeline
Walpo,le for desertion, John L. Allison
from Bertha Allison for desertion and
Henrietta Coors from Henry Coors for
willful neglect.
TO SAIL.
TO ARRIVE,
By order of United States District Judge
<1f Haven United States Commissioner
Morse v.ill sell the suV>merged ship May
Flint at auction Thursday afternoon at
1 o'clock, in front of the Merchants' Ex
change.
May Flint to Be Sold.
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time. Th»
second time column elves the second tide of
the day. the third time column th#? third tide
and the last or right hand column gives th*
last tide of the day, except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights
eiven are In addition to the soundings on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height,
and then the number given is subtracted from
th« depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference Is the mean of the lower low waters.
j. ;(
SYDNEY, NSW— Arrived Sept 17— Stmr Aor
ransii", from Vancouver, B C. via, Honolulu and
Brisbane.
ST JOHNS, N F— Arrived Sept 17— Stmr Gre
cian, from Liverpool, fqr Halifax, N S, and
Philadelphia.
MONTREAL — Arrived Sept 17 — Stmr Corin
thinn, from Liverpool; etmr Rosarian, from
London.,
SOUTHAMPTON — Sailed Sept 17 — Stmr
Friederich der Grosse, from Bremen, for New-
York.
CHERBOURG— Sailed Sept 16— Stmr r>eutsch
land. from Hamburg and Southampton, for
New York.
Sailed Sept 16— Stmr Aller, from Bremen and
Southamrton. for New York.
NEW YOHK— Arrived Sept 17— Stmr Mlnne
hnlia. from London.
BRKMEN— Sailed Sept 16— Stmr Friederieh
der Orosse. for New York, via Southampton
and Cherbourr.
BREMEN— Arrived Sept 17— Stmr Grosser
Kurfurst. via Southampton.
LONDON— Sailed Sept 17— Stmr Neko. for San
Francisco.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
FOREIGN PORTS
YOKOHAMA— Sailed Sept 14— Br stmr Coptic,
for Pan Francisco.
LONDON— Soiled Sept 13— Ger stmr Neko, for
San Francisco.
KINSALE— Passed Sept 17— Br ship Stronsa.
from Tacoma. for Quecnstown.
HULL— Arrived Sept 15— Br bark Inveresk,
hence April 2*.
yUEENSTOWN— Arrived Sept 17— Br bark
William Law. from Oregon; Br ship General
Roberta. h»nce May 2.
MAZATLAN— Sailed Sect It— Stmr Colon, for
San Francisco.
Arrived Sept 9— Schr Czar, hence Aug 2t.
SYDNEY— Arrived Sept 1G— Bktn Gleaner,
from South Bend.
VICTORIA— Arrived Sept 16— Br stmr Condor,
from Salavern'.
Arrived Sept 17— Br stmr Amur, from Ska
guay. • •
QUEENSTOWN— Sailed Sept 14— Br ship Clan
Galbraith, for Hull.
EASTERN PORT
BALTIMORE— Sailed Sept 17— Ship John Mc-
Donald, for Kan Francisco.
Sailed Sert 16— Stmr South Coast, for Ven
tura. Sppt 17— Stmr North Fork, for San Fran
cisco; stmr Pomona, for San Francisco.
EUREKA— Arrived Sept lo— Stmr Pomona,
hence Sept 15: schr Eliza Miller, hence Sept 9;
bktn Geo C Perkins, hence Sept ?. Sept 17—
Stmr Brunswick, hence Sept 16; echr Sparrow,
from Newport iS).
PORT TOWNSEND— Passed Inward Sept 17-
Hr stmr Rreconshir**. from Yokohama; stmr
Valencia, from Nome, for Seattle; Br bark
Ventura, from Antwerp.
Passed up Sept 17— Bark Levl G Burgess and
schr R W Bartlett.
Sailed Sept 17 — Schr Joseph Russ, for Salinas
Cru=.
Arrived Sept 17— Br ehlp Fortevlot, from Ant
werp.
GREENWOOD — Arrived Sept 17 — Stmr
Whltesboro. hence Sept 16. '
WESTPORT— Sailed Sept 17— Stmr Cleone, for
San Francisco.
Arrived Sept 16— Schr Louisa D, from Cape
Nome. Sept 17— Stmr Valencia, from Cape
Nome.
Sailed Sept 16— Schr Emma and Louise, for
Coolus Inlet.
Sailed Sept 16 — Stmr Dolphin, for SVapuay;
atmr San Pedro, for Nome; stmr Czarina, for
Tacoma: stmr South Portland, for Nome, via,
Ska^uay.
SEATTLE— Arrived Sept lS-Stmr Al-Ki,
from Dyea. Sept 17— Stmr Excelsior, from
Cooks- Inlet.
GRAYS HARBOR— Sailed Sent 16— Schr Lu
zon, for Honolulu; schr Oceania Vance, for San
Francisco; schr Lizzie Vance, for San Fran
cisco.
on Sidney Spit. She kedged oft and proceeded,
think undarr.a-ed.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. Sept 17, 10 p m— Weather
clear; wind NW, velocity 16 miles.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
CAPE5 NOME— In port Sept 5— Stmr John S
Kimball, stmr Chas Nelson, atmr Alliance, stmr
Ores;on, stmr Chas D Lane. U S stmr McCul
loch, tug; Discovery, whallns stmr Thrasher,
stmr Albion, stmr Dora, schr Sequoia and barge
Kkookum.
ASTORIA— Arrived Sept 17— Stmr Columbia,
hence Se;t 15. -
POUT itLAKELEY- Arrived Sept 16— Schr J
A Campbell, from Port Townsend.
BOW ENS LANDING— Sailed Sept 17— Schr
Ocean Spray, for San Francisco. .
FORT BRAGG — Sailed S«Dt 17— Stmr Sequoia,
for Pun Francisco.
COOS BAY— Sailed Sept 16— Stmr Arcata. for
San Francisco.
TACOA1A— Sailed Sept 17— Schr Marion, for
San Francisco.
NEWPORT— Arrived Sept 17— Stmr Iaqua,
hence Sei-t 15.
USAL— Arrived Sept 17— Stmr Newsboy, hnc
Sept 1G.
BRIG GALILEE THAT BROUGHT PARTICULARS OF THE WRECK OF
THE CITY OF PAPEETE AND DISMASTING OF THE GRANDE DU
CHESSE OLGA AND WAS HERSELF PARTIALLY DISMASTED IN
THE DOLDRUMS.
For Convenience of Passeneers
An office ha.« been established In the Oak
land ferry depot, on the ground floor in
the center of the building, where passen
pers can leave their ba^g-age checks,
thereby saving In the transfer of their
bagpace. our rates being lower. Don't
give up your checks on the trains. Mor
ton Special Delivery. 40* Taylor street and
f.V) Markpt <=trecr •
Note— This study, bv Dr. J. A. Wood
burn of Indiana University, will be con
cluded on Tuesday next.
Fremont, with thirty-nine men. after
traversing a region of 1700 miles, reached
the Great Salt Lake. His account did
much to correct erroneous ideas ot the>
region, and It promoted the setuement oi
Utah and the Pacific States. It was prob
ably his report that gave the Mormons
their first idea of Utah as a place of ref
uge and residence. From Salt LJike Fre
mont pressed on to the Columbia and Fort
Vancouver, where he was the guest of Dr.
MacLaughlin, the president of the Hud
son Bay Company. Fremont chose as the
direetion of his return a southeastern
route through the heart of an unknown
region from the lower Columbia to th»
upper Colorado that flows into the Gulf
of California. The maps of the time rep
resented a river in tne middle of this
region, flowlnc from east to west from
the base of the Rockies to the Bay of San
Francisco— the River Buena Ventura.
MacLaughlin and Fremont both believed
in this river, and Fremont planned to
reach its rich bottoms before winter set
In. He started on hl3 perilous journey;
he skirted vast ridges of mountains; deep
snow Impeded his progress and drove him
from the highlands Into the Great Basin,
and he found — not the River Buena Ven
tura, but a great desert — and here he fcunil
himself, in the dead of winter, face to
face with death from cold and starvation.
He learned from his astronomical obser
vations that he waa in the latitude of San
Francisco, and that that haven was but
seventy miles away. But to traverse
those seventy miles meant to cross snow
capped mountains that, the Indians told
him. no man could cross in winter. No re
ward could induce an Indian to become
his guide on such a perilous venture. Fre
mont determined to attempt the passage
without a guide. It was r.ccompUsherl in
forty days, "the men and surviving
horses, a woeful procession, crawling
Along, one by one, skeleton men leading
skeleton horses, arriving at Sutter'a
camp in the Sacramento Valley, where
the party rested and recruited."
Fremont's report of this expedition at
tracted wide attention, and in the fol
lowing year he set out on another, de
termined to explore the middle region be
tween the Rockies and the Pacific, fur
ther to promote geographical knowledgo
and discovery. Thomas H. Benton is un
willinR to attribute the expeditions of
Fremont to the "zeal of the Government
for the promotion of science." Govern
ment may have the merit of merely per
mitting the first, but it was not wholly
passive as to the second. Benton relates
that when young Fremont left St. Louis
for the frontier Mrs. Fremont (Barton's
daughter) was requested to examine the
letters that came after him and to "for
ward those that he ought to have." Mrs.
Fremont received countermanding orders
for her husband and detained them, and,
Fremont "knew nothing of their exist
ence until he had returned from one of
the most marvelous and eventful expedi
tions of modern times."
John C. Fremont, whoso exploits rained
for him the title of the "American Path
finder." In 1S42 Lieutenant Fremont was
instructed by the War Department to
take charge of an expedition for the ex
ploration of the Rocky Mountains. The
object was to examine and report upon
the rivers and country between the fron
tiers of Missouri and the base of the
mountains, and especially to learn more
of the south pass, the great crossing
place to these mountains on the way to
Oregon. Fremont reached the pass with
in fouf months, which he describes as "a.
wide and low depression of the moun
tains where the ascent is as easy as that
of the hill on which the Capitol stands,
and where a plainly beaten wagon rued
leads to the Oregon through the valley
of Lewis River, a fork of the Columbia.
With four of his men Fremont climbed
one of the loftiest peaks of the Rockies,
which has since borne his name, whencs
he "looked down on ice and snow aomo
thousand feet below and traced In the
distance the valleys of the rivers which,
taking their rise in the same elevated
ridge, flow in opposite directions to th»
Pacific Ocean and to the Mississippi."
Lewis and Clark.
"We acquired Louisiana in 1SC3. Jeffer
son was President. At that time prac- ;
tically nothing was known of the vast i
region from the mouth of the Missouri to
the mouth of the Columbia, The geog
raphy of the region -was a matter of the
Imagination, and a few widely scattered ,
Indian trading posts were the only visible •
marks of civilization. In 1S03 the act for
establishing these trading houses with the
Indians being about to expire, Jefferson
In a special message proposed some modi
fications of the act to Congress. The mes- ,
sage proposed the sending of an expedition
to trace the Missouri to Its source, to cross
the Rocky Mountains and to follow the
best water communication to the sea.
Congress voted a fum of money for car
rying Jefferson's suggestions into execu
tion. Captain Meriwether Lewis solicited
and obtained the direction of the enter
prise. Jefferson in his "Memoir of Letts'.'
says of the explorer: *
1 had had an opportunity of knowing him
intimately. Of courace undaunted, possessing
a firmness and perseverance of purpose which
nothlnc but lm:>osslblHtte9 could divert from
Its direction; careful as a father of those com
mitted to his charge, yet steady in tha main
tenance o£ order and discipline; Intimate with
the Indian character, customs anU principles;
hab.tuated to the hunting life; honest, dis
interested, liberal; of sound understanding and
a fidelity to truth so scrupulous that whatever
he should report would be a» certain as II seen
by ourselves— with all these qualifications hs
If selected and Implanted by nature In one
body fcr this express purpose I could have
no hesitation in confldine the enterprise to
him.
Three octavo volumes are devoted to the
story of the journey of Lewis and Clark.
From May, 1801. to September. 1S06. th°y
traversed the plains and mountains to the
Columbia, noting the natural features ct
the- region, the mouths of its rivers, its
falls, rapids, islands, portages, the mode
of Indian life, the Indian tribes, their lan
guages, their food, their laws and the'r
customs. The unimals and minerals, the
flowers and the physical features of the
country were also scientifically noticed
and described. They passed the Mansan
villages, near Bismarck, up the Missouri,
across Dakota, across Montana to thj |
present site of Gallatln, to the headwater.;
of the Salmon Hiver, where they slaked
their thirst for the first time In the
springs whose waters flow to the Pacific;
thence to the Snake and the Columbia,
where they saw "the waves like small
mountains rolling out In the sea."
While this expedition was in progress
Cclonel Zebulon Montgomery Pike (born
in New Jersey, 1779 — died In 1813> was ap
pointed to trace the Mississippi to its
source. He performed this service within
nine months, after much exposure to peril
and hardship. Pike spent the winter of
1S05-6 among the Indians and agents of
the Northwestern Fur Company on the
Upper Mississippi, and in the spring of
1800 ha traced that river to its source. In
the same year Pike engaged in geographi
cal explorations of the southern part of
th- Louisiana purchase. He went up the
Osagc. across the Indian Territory, trav
ersed Kansas, measured the height of the
great peak in Colorado that now bears
his name, turned south to the Arkansas
and after untold sufferings from cold and
snow and hunger he came out on the
waters of the Rio Grande. Here, in Mexi
can territory, he was captured by the
forces of the Spanish Governor and car
ried to Santa Fe. After his release he
came home by the longer but safer south
ern route through Texas.
These two great explorers, Lewis ana
Pike, both died In the prime of early
manhood. Pike, at 34. was killed In 1313
by a magazine explosion while still in the
active military service of his country in
the war of 1812. Lewis, at 35, after his
appointment as Governor of Louisiana,
met a mvsterious death, by stiicide or
murder, in a frontier cabin in Tennessee
in 1S09. :
Thirty-five years after these explora
tions we are attracted to the name of
XI.
(Contlnued.>
DISCOVERERS AND EXPLORERS OP NORTH
AiVtBRICA.
Copyright, 19OO, by Seymour Eaton.
THE EXPLORERS OF THE GREAT WEST.
The Grande Duchesse
Olga Loses Her
Spars.
DISASTER OVERTAKES TWO
SHIPS IN THE DOLDRUMS
The City of Papeete Is
Wrecked on a Reef
Off Tahiti.
FULL particulars of the disasters to
the. American barkentine City of
Papeete and the French bark
Grande Duchesse Olga were
brought by the brig Galilee, which ar
rived from Tahiti yesterday.
The Galilee herself did not escape un
scathed, but came into port with her
maintopmast gone. While in the dol
drums U1.30 north, 137.30 west) a sudden
squall struck her and had the Galilee not
been a particularly stanch vessel every
thing would have gone by the board.
Captain Dlnsmore of the Galilee, in re
porting the various disasters, says:
"The Grande Duchesse Olga left San
Francisco on April 30 with 81.642 centals of
wheat, valued at over $60,000. Down in
the doldrums the winds are more erratic
than i have ever seen them. A sudden
squall caught the Grande Duchess* Olga
and took the foretopmast out of her,
while a similar squall a month later took
the maintopmast out of the Galilee. The
Grande Duchesse Olga. reached Papeete
on July 12 and she had considerable
trouble in reaching the inner harbor. She
was in port when we left, as Captain
Maheo was awaiting instructions from
.France. A new mast and new running
gear will have to be sent out and it will
bo months before the Grande Duchesse
Olga can resume her vo>age.
"ihe City ot .fapeete arrived from San
Francisco early in June, having maue
the run down in twenty-five ua>s. tine
was uetainea in quarantine because of
the buoonic plague btare and none of her
crew was allowed asnore. The cargo was
got on the whurf alter a great deal ot
uilticulty ana men the barKentlne pre
pared to tail again. Captain Lund, wno
was In cnarge, Captain Berude having
succeeded In getting ashore, got his ves
sel under way Juiy I at 3 p. m. Wocause
of the bubonic plague scare a pilot wouiil
not go aboard tne vessel, but one accom
panied her out In a small boat. Tne or
uers may have been misunderstood, but in
any event the City of Papeete went on
the reef.
"The barkentino remained on the reef
for over twenty hours, and as she was
pounding all tne time the strain on th<±
null was terrible. She was nnaiiy got off
and towed back to Papeete by the tug
Eva. On ller return she was held in quar
antine again tor twenty-four days and
then the crew was allowed to go ashore.
"An examination of the City of Papeete
showed that nearly all the knees ami
beams were sprung. A diver went down
and reported ihat the keel had gone the
whole length flush with the garboard and
that the keel bolts had started up through
the keelson all the way from three to six
inches each. When we left Papeete the
intention was, as near as I could gather,
to patch up the Papeete and send her to
Auckland, New Zealand, where she would
be permanently repaired. From there
she would bring a general cargo to San
Francisco or else go the Newcastle, Aus
tralia, and load coal for here."
When the Galilee v.as In port the French
cruiser Protet was also there. She was
being coaled under rush orders to go to
China, however, and was to sail the day
after the Galilee.
Which Tug Will WinP
The question along the front Is whether
Spreckels" new tug. the Louis Lucken
bach. or the L'niteu States transport tug
Slocum will reach San Francisco first.
The Siocum is an ocean-going vessel ut
237 ton* burden, while the Luckenbach is
1ZS tons net. The Slocum lett New York
en July 9, while the Luckenbach left
Philadelphia on August 4. From last re
ports the Luckenbach was at Rio de
Janeiro on August 31, while the Slocum
sailed from Pcrnambuco on August 2.
Pernarcuboc is 1075 miles from Klo de
Janeiro, so from that it would appear as
though both tugs were holding their own.
Still many people on the front seem to
think that it will be a tie race or else
the Luckenbach will win out. Captain
McCoy, superintendent of the Spreckels
Towboat Company, is in command of the
Luckenbach and that means a good deal
in the vessel's favor.
Walla Walla Arrives.
Captain Thomas and the crew of the
Queen brought the steamer Walla Walla
from Puget Sound. The vessel was in
quarantine at Victoria, ii. C, a case of
smallpox having broken out while the
mail beat was on her way north. All the
passengers and crew were transferred to
I another vessel by the British Columbia
i authorities and then the steamer was so
thoroughly fumigated that it will take
several thousand dollars to repair the
damages.
When the steamer arrived here yester
day Dr. Kinyoun was not satisfied with
her bill of health and he held her in the
stream for several hours.
The intention is to get the vessel away
to-night. In consequence a large force of
men awaited the arrival of the vessel at
the wharf and no sooner was she along
: side than the work of unloading began.
There was about 3000 tans of cargo to take
out and 1100 tons to put in. All this stuff
must be got out of the way by Wednes
day, as the Umatilla is due early on that
morning. She brings a big cargo and the
wharf will have to be clear to receive It.
'Longeshoremen will have night and day
work at Broadway for the next week.
Wisconsin Takes a Spin.
The battleship Wisconsin took a short
spin around the/ hay yesterday. Her
compasses were tested and the engineers
saw to It that everything was In good
working order. Another run around the
bay will be made to-morrow and on
Thursday the Wisconsin will sail for
Puget Sound On her arrival there she
will be placed on the Port Orford dry
dock and after a thorough overhauling
.will have her trial trip. -After the trial
she will come back to San Francisco and
go into commission.
Relics of Ancient Days.
"While the tug Sea King was laying
some buoys at Arch Rock yesterday Cap
tain Rasmussen made a queer find. While
taking up some kedges. an anchor, hawse
pipe and thirty fathoms of chain came to
the surface. The anchor is one of the
old-fashioned type and Captain Gray of
the "Red Stack Company things it be
longed to the old ship Autocrat that was
wrecked on Arch Rock thirty years ago.
Old-timers think the blowing up of Arch
Rock will bring some more relics of old
time wrecks to light before the rock is
blown up.
He Wanted a Drink.
A man, who would not give his name.
Jumped . overboard from Union-street
wharf yesterday. No one made any at
tempt to save him and he finally con
cluded to save himself. He swam to a
pile and then Wharfinger Arnerich hauled
him to the wharf.
"You're a mean crowd anyhow." ¦ was
the comment of the would-be suicide. "If
vou'd taken me to the hospital they'd
have punjped me out and then given me
| a drink of whisky. The whisky is what
I was after."
The resignation of Mr. Howard removes
from the business world of San Kran<is
co one of its oldest and most active mem
bers. For two decades he has been an
able manager of the immense interests ol
the company in this city. During the war
with Spain Mr. Howard secured Govern
ment contracts calling for thousands of
tons of coal, handling the contracts to the
entire satisfaction of the officials.
J. D. Farrell. president of the company.
arrived last nipht from Sratt'.o on thf
Walla Walla; tn<i to-day will appoint Mr.
Howard's succt-ssor. For business rea
koiis Mr. Farrcll declined giving the name
of the prospective manager, but it is more
than probable the billet will be secured Dy
an employe of the company, ma'y of
wh<-,m ha\'e been connected with the coal
tr^e on this coast for years.
irominent among those mentioned for
the vacant managership is Robert Hus-
Iinnd. who h;is been in the office <-t the
company for a number of years. When
seen la?t night Mr. Husband would not
fay anything concerning the selection of
the new manager.
John L. Howard, for the past nineteen
rears Ken.fra.1 manager of the Pacific
Coast Company, coal doal«»rs and iniport
' rs. yesterday tendered his resignation.
Mr. Howard still retains his interests in
the company, Flmply retiring from active
participation in management of the af
fair? of the concern.
President Farrell Arrives From Seat
tle and Will Appoint His Suc
cessor To- Day — May Be
Robert Husband.
Gives Up Position as Man
ager of Pacific Coast
Coal Company.
HOW RESIGNS
AFTER TWENTY
YEARS' SERVICE
THE SATST FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 18, 1900.
Steamer Movements.
Shipping Intelligence.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
THE CALL'S
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
7
O iTlmel |Tlme Time Time
0 | 1 Ft. i Ft. Ft. Ft.
? jL, \V JH W L XV - H W
1* ... 1:2!> 0.2 8:26 4.7 J :3o\ 2.9. 7:29 ~5~I
J9 ... 2:lfi 0.3 9(V, 4.9 2:32 2.5 8:29 5.1
20 ... 2:57 0.4 9:41 5.2 3:201 2.1 9:23 5 i
21 ... 3:33 0.7| 10:19 5.3 4:00 1.7 10:12 5.1
22 ... 4:10 1.01 10:4S 5.S 4:391 1.4 10.53 5.0
23 ... 4:41 1.31 11:161 5.4 5:131 1.1 11:41 4.8
24... 5:08 1.8 11:43| 5.4 5:47| 0.9
Steamer. I Destination. I Sails. I Pier.
| | 1
Corona !San niejro IRep. 1S, 11 am|PI«r 11
Newport ...|New York. |Sep. 19. 12 mlPMSS
Walla \V...|Vlctorla |Sep. 19, 11 am(Pier 9
Australia ..iHonolulu iSep. 19. i! pm Pier 7
Pomona ... HumboMt Sep. 20. 2 pm Pier 9
Empire Coos Bay Sep. 20, 12 m Pier 13
Arcata .... Coos Bay Sop. 2n. 12 m Pier 13
State Cal.. Portland Sep. 20, 11 am Pier 24
Bonita *... Newport Sep. 20. 9 am Pier 11
W Kroner Tlllamook Rep. 20 IPler !
Iaqua Humbolrtt .Sep. 21. 5 pm|Pier 2
North Fork Humboldt Sep. 21. 9 a in | Pier 2
N Maru.... China & Japan Sep. 22. 1 pm PMSS
Santa UosalPan Dleeo S«p. 22. 11 amlPter 11
r,. Dollar.. I Orays HarboriPep. 22. I
Eureka ...[Humboldt Sep. 22. 10 ami Pier 13
Umatilla ..(Victoria (Sep. 23, It am Pier 9
Pt Arena.. IPolnt Arena.. IPep. 24, 2 pm I Pier 2
Coo* nay..|Ntwport ISep. 24, 9 am! Pier 11
Czarina ...|SeattIe |Sep. 24 |Pier 6
Steamer. I From. I Due.
Z-Z ! 1
Arcata ICoos Bay ISep. 18
St. p.iul |Cape Nome \ loop. Is
North For* Humboldt... , |S*ep. IS
Bonlta Newport [Sep. 13
Pomona Humboldt ISep. IS
WiKhtenaw .... Tacoma Sep. 19
Herocjot Hamburg Sep. 19
Colon New York Sep. If
Imatllla Victoria Sep. 19
Robt. Adamson Xanaimo Sep. 19
Coquille River. Grays Harbor Sep. 19
Point Arena.... Point Arena Sep. 20
Crescent City.. Crescent City Sep. 20
Kanta Uosa San Dieso :.. Sep. 2u
W. H- Kruger. Tillamook Sep. 20
Moan* Australia Sep. 21
Matteawan Tacoma Sep. 21
Eureka iHumboldt Sep. 21
Czarina ISeattle Sep. 22
Columbia Portland ; Sep. 22
City Rio tie JanlChlna and Japan Sep. 22
Orace Dollar.. .ISan Pedro Sep. 22
Coos Bay INewnort S»"P. 22
Corona !Ssn Diepo Sep. 24
City of Puebla. | Victoria Sep. 24
O iTlmel |Tlme Time Time
0 | 1 Ft. i Ft. Ft. Ft.
? jL, \V JH W L XV - H W
1* ... 1:2!> 0.2 8:26 4.7 J :3o\ 2.9. 7:29 ~5~I
J9 ... 2:lfi 0.3 9(V, 4.9 2:32 2.5 8:29 5.1
20 ... 2:57 0.4 9:41 5.2 3:201 2.1 9:23 5 i
21 ... 3:33 0.7| 10:19 5.3 4:00 1.7 10:12 5.1
22 ... 4:10 1.01 10:4S 5.S 4:391 1.4 10.53 5.0
23 ... 4:41 1.31 11:161 5.4 5:131 1.1 11:41 4.8
24... 5:08 1.8 11:43| 5.4 5:47| 0.9
Steamer. I Destination. I Sails. I Pier.
| | 1
Corona !San niejro IRep. 1S, 11 am|PI«r 11
Newport ...|New York. |Sep. 19. 12 mlPMSS
Walla \V...|Vlctorla |Sep. 19, 11 am(Pier 9
Australia ..iHonolulu iSep. 19. i! pm Pier 7
Pomona ... HumboMt Sep. 20. 2 pm Pier 9
Empire Coos Bay Sep. 20, 12 m Pier 13
Arcata .... Coos Bay Sop. 2n. 12 m Pier 13
State Cal.. Portland Sep. 20, 11 am Pier 24
Bonita *... Newport Sep. 20. 9 am Pier 11
W Kroner Tlllamook Rep. 20 IPler !
Iaqua Humbolrtt .Sep. 21. 5 pm|Pier 2
North Fork Humboldt Sep. 21. 9 a in | Pier 2
N Maru.... China & Japan Sep. 22. 1 pm PMSS
Santa UosalPan Dleeo S«p. 22. 11 amlPter 11
r,. Dollar.. I Orays HarboriPep. 22. I
Eureka ...[Humboldt Sep. 22. 10 ami Pier 13
Umatilla ..(Victoria (Sep. 23, It am Pier 9
Pt Arena.. IPolnt Arena.. IPep. 24, 2 pm I Pier 2
Coo* nay..|Ntwport ISep. 24, 9 am! Pier 11
Czarina ...|SeattIe |Sep. 24 |Pier 6
Steamer. I From. I Due.
Z-Z ! 1
Arcata ICoos Bay ISep. 18
St. p.iul |Cape Nome \ loop. Is
North For* Humboldt... , |S*ep. IS
Bonlta Newport [Sep. 13
Pomona Humboldt ISep. IS
WiKhtenaw .... Tacoma Sep. 19
Herocjot Hamburg Sep. 19
Colon New York Sep. If
Imatllla Victoria Sep. 19
Robt. Adamson Xanaimo Sep. 19
Coquille River. Grays Harbor Sep. 19
Point Arena.... Point Arena Sep. 20
Crescent City.. Crescent City Sep. 20
Kanta Uosa San Dieso :.. Sep. 2u
W. H- Kruger. Tillamook Sep. 20
Moan* Australia Sep. 21
Matteawan Tacoma Sep. 21
Eureka iHumboldt Sep. 21
Czarina ISeattle Sep. 22
Columbia Portland ; Sep. 22
City Rio tie JanlChlna and Japan Sep. 22
Orace Dollar.. .ISan Pedro Sep. 22
Coos Bay INewnort S»"P. 22
Corona !Ssn Diepo Sep. 24
City of Puebla. | Victoria Sep. 24
Fcr the cure of GONORRHOEA. GLEETS,
KTltlCTntKS and analagous complaints ui ih«
Orean* of Generation,
l'rlct U * bottle. For salt by drugctst*..
DR. GROSSMAN'S SPECIFIC MIXTURE
nieht. CupMene cleanses th<?
Mver th» kldr.eys and th» urinary ontan* of all
jf.jpurltle*. Cui'ldent *trcncthens and restores
nr.all «cak orrans.
The reason BUfterer« are not cured by Doctor*
in because 10 pel" vfiit ar« troubled with Pro«-
tratlti" Cupldene the only known remedy to
cure without an operation. 5000 testimonial*.
A written iruarante* Riven and money re-
turned If * boxes <lo not effect n Derm.inent
cur.- Jl-CO a box. « boxen for J5.00. by mail.
K*>nd for frre circular and testimonial!".
Art Hrmii T>avol M«Hr«nf> C" . 4« Klll» nt.. Kan
Kranclsco. Cal.. Orant Drug Co.. as Ac 4t Thirl »t.
— • \ -
„,_-»».>-*« < amf>u s Kn-nch physician, will
CSr-VIra^S--^ «J ulckl y curu >ou oH ail n^r-
to?5«V>&^> VO1 - 1R " r <ii>.-;is.s of the K'n.-ra-
n^up^&Xi tlv ** organs. «uch at I. >st Man-
HMV-Jy-'J hood. Insomnia. I-ain* In th-
jpjf>* "* hCM Back. Nen-ou* Debility. Plm-
&ftj jJt % jilcs. Kxhanstlng Drains. Vari-
Vjr? v <FSv fccfle nnd -orstiratinn. It
v.^__A~'' Ftoi» all lotted hr day or
MANHOOD RESTORED "cw'bene.»
HiMIIIIUUU IIL.OIUIILU . - i i. jis k rea t V.-^etabJe
Vlializfr. tne prescription ot a
ADVEETISEMENT3.
RUPTURE CURED.
*o ray "rupture curfn" we mean It.
for It Is a fact that durir.R tlip part 20 years
IjR. PIEHCE'B MAGNETIC ELASTIC TRUbS
has CURKD thousari'lp of oas^s. Nothlnz el**
I!kp it: liff-t retainer mad*. It <1o«» th» work.
[nvertlcate for yourfplf. CCTOall for •'Uook-
l»-t No. 1." c.r tend 1 cents In Etamps. Ad-
MAGNETIC ELASTIC TRUSS CO.,
<;^l> Market Ftre^t. San Francisco.
Or J 1-J5 Uroadway. New Tork City. ,
2¥PEEHY is healthful! |
o @f A ' Natcral Mineral Wate: *
q Wa ' >ith medicinal quallttas. O
o For Icdi>e8tioa ani °
° '^^1/% Stoa&ch DisorJers. P
L^^ so * callecl vichy !
° rr**^ 2^^ 'N SIPHONS q
* fi^^l Get the Genulna %
O A. VICNIEB, Distributing A*3nt *
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
iS A URKAT KESTOKATIVE. INV1UORA-
tor and Nervine.
The most wonderful aphrod!s!ae and Special
Tonic (or the Sexual Organs (or both sexe*.
Th* Mexican remedy tor Diseases of th* K!d.
neys and Bladder. Sells on Its own merits.
NABEK. ALF3 & BRL'NE. Assati.
... C3 Market it. S. F.-(2end tot ClrcuUrJ
DR. BALL'S RELNYIGORATORHgra
Five hundred reward fjr any Jb^^T^S
ease we cannot cure. This secret V mm "V
cures Emissions. Impotency. Vari- S53 CSSi
cocele. Go.iorrhoea. Gleet. Flu. nTTI fjfjrl
Strictures. Loft Manhood and all Liiiil tlJlJ
wastinn «Cects of self-abu»« or |?&Na_l£ji5
ficf!se». Sent scaled. SI "5ottle: 3 C^OsaBSS^
bottle*. S3: suarant«F<S to cure anjr uw. AA-
Crtn HALL'S MEDICAL. INSTITUTE. Soi
liroadway. Oakland. Cal. Also for sals at 1C734
Market it.. 8. F. All prlvat* (tlasajea qulckl/
£visrr OR- JORDAN'S great^
{MUSEUM OF ANATOMY^
T . faf The Largest Automical MiBenn in the \
A fjj V.'otid. \V&kac«i» cr any contracted A
T '2)C?2#5 due»se i*e^l«!»>*lT cjredr.y the oldest V
# &%£*.? SI3. w'OSDA?f-?r?r/ATH OISEASES 4
1 f m t-o.wult»tion frrn and ,rri't1» priT»;e \
«J I jfc>««: R TrtBmem personal:/ «r bv letter. A g
T ft \f If '*••'»» <^«r» in e»»ry civs undertaken. \
A F I! US' w »«e for Book. POILONUrBVfl A
II II H4RIIAIir:, MAILSO FariV <Af
h W li * a ' ua: >le A* Ben) \
7 DB. Jt)RD A.V A I'O . 10M Market St.a F. f
All sort* of people use Pears' soap, all torts
of stores sell it, especially druggists.
Economical soap is one
that a touch of cleanses.
Pears 7 shaving soap is
the best in all the world.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
fCSttirelp cored oy Tftggg
JLittlo Pills.
They slv) nelirve Distress froo Dyspepsia, I
:ndi£«s!icr_ *=o Too Hearty Kiting. A pes^ I
bet renkdy icr Dizziness. Naosca. Drtnrst :
DCSS, iiad I?.?tt!t, the Blouta, Coatro Tcngu. |
3'a^ ir: ihe Siae, 1X3KPIO LJVEX. They ',
pjyr^i"e me Boiras. l»urely Vegetable
C .-_J ?V.\. BmzAl Dose.
£•?>*>!! (Prfra,
J| AMUSEMENTS. |
HIGH CLAFS VAVnEVJLLi:.
JESSIE BARRETT DAVIS.
JOH2CSTOTCR nijnTHEnF. MeCACK
ANTi IUXIKLK. OZAV ANU PELMO.
rOUNO AMHRK'A yUlNTnTTH.
QUERITA VI SCENT. JOHNSON AND
¦ DEAN MAN*SFIELI< AND VILBl.'lt. "
AMKH1CAN BIOGBAPH.
Keterved seat! 5 . Z'r; balcony. IPc; orera chairs ,
«v,<1 b"x ffflts, rOc.
klatlacm \Y.<*---iar. Paturiay nr.d Pur-flar.
— AT.L THIS TVKKK—
MATINEE SATURDAY.
CLAY L. R.
CLEMENT STOCKWELL
.»r.i s EtraRX c mpany. prp^enting the
GEEAT r> CBLE F.ILL,
"THE BELLS."
tClay a«n«rt a.« Mathias.)
Ar.I Dion Boncicatilt'* :io»«;rful one-act play. !
NAPOLEON'S GUARD. I
TWO EXCELLENT CAST?.
S*xt T\>rk-"-THK MAGISTRATE. "•
Laughing Week Now On.
A BRAND NEW FAIICE.
"The Widow's Husband"
SPECIAL ENGAGEMENT OF
J^TDJi. LEWIS.
Fun From R'.Fe to Fall of Curtain.
MATINEE SATTKDAT AND SUNDAY.
NT.XT V.-KTK-*'HIS JAPANESE WIFE."
TWO BL'PERB OPERATIC PRODUCTIONS.
TO-NIGHT. Thursday end Punday Evenings
and fatuniaj- Matinee.
"TROVATORE."
vrrr«NE.=DAT. FRIDAY. SATURDAY
NIGHT?,
" FAUST."
POPCLAR PRICES-::* AND
Te!c!"'^ p . Uuth 9.
>V.- ELUXGHOtTSE. Lessee ani Haunter.
Pfcone. fviuth TTfi.
EVERY KVENINO THIS WEEIC
MATIN KK .«ATl'ni>AY.
I- itrewell I'erformancee.
FERRIS HARTMAN
WITH
The N3ut'.~nl Farolral Succesi.
Vic. ;.>. ETk: and Zhc
»xt Fun»1ay Afternoon— Th» N«»w York
Wnrld> racoeaa. "KKT-I-Y'S KIPS."
It'-pular jricfs: Kvenlng— lSe, 2"^. 3oc. TOc
«nd 'hr. Matinee— lie. ;.'.c. Z^c anl r,0c.
GRAND OPeSa. HOUSE
MATINEE BATCBDAY AND SUNDAY.
SECOND AND LAST WHEK OF
QUO VADIS.
Introducing In the Arena Scen«
ADGIE'S LIONS.
NEXT WEEK BLUE JEANS
rv^nlnir Price* H*. 25c. 25c. iOc
A Few Front Rows In Orchestra, 75c.
VitmHi Prices ICk:. 13c. ?Zc. We No hlcher.
liranch Tlclcrt Offic*. 'Emtorlum
fair,
DISTRICT NO. I.
TO EE HELD AT
California Jo;key C ub Track, Oakland.
OPENING DAY,
SATURDAY September 22
CONTTNCIXO 7 DATS.
4 or Vcre : D3nhg Races and 2 Harness
Races Escb Day-
GRAND STOCK PARADES.
ADMISSION i>0 Cents.
BERKELEY TARS DIRECT TO TRACK.
MiSsTNNA mLlERVoJD r^ffi
t irian < "hurch. li»>iuzi. fionjr recitals— Tliuri-
'.sf. S*-i«t. 2<t. J>.2i p. m. : Saturday. Sept. 23."
::!.". p. m. i-'!i.-rinan & CI«y Hal!. 223 JSutt^r.
I'm i ill s^ate. e<^><5 for b'lth concert*. Ji i;
i inflf interned BTiiis, Jl; »r«-neral aUmtsj'ion.
*"¦ . j-v-atc wrvt-J.jt r3ht-nnati & Clay's Sejit.
:>. EA, Z* and 2i.
FI^PHFRN CONCERT HOUSt.
Elaslon & Fir.cej-. Paul T^a <'roix. Mac Tuns-
K7H. J. }'. \"p;icn. Kudora l'or'lo, L. < '. Scfaan.
( >i,v.- Va'.l. J'earl .'.':•».•:..,: ami tlje Xew ilov-
t'-A I'lturw.
H^mwl Seata. gic: Matinee Sund«r.
SUTRO BrtTHS.
—OPEN NIGHTS—
Ojxm OmllT from 7 h. m. to 11 p. m.
!ia!!:l!I from 7 a. m. to 10 jj. m.
AT»MIF?1ON. inc. CHILDRKN. 6c.
EttUES, including admlMlon, children, 20c.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
WONO:RFUL MEXICAN
GIRL HEALER
WONDERFUL CURES BEING
ACCOMPLISHED IN SAN
FRANCISCO.
FOR INFORMATION AND TES-
TIMONIALS APPLY" AT
OFFICE.
PRIVATE TREATMENTS DAILY FROM
9 A. M. TO 5 P. M.
BALDWIN". ANNEX
930 MARKET STREET,
OPPOSITE EMPORIUM,Nrjj York Stock Market.
NT-W TORK. Sept. 17.— Tfce expected break
In prices of stocks failed to occur to-day. There
¦were considerable celling orders *.t the open
ing:, aa sever falls to happen after such a. break
In prices as that of Saturday, but the friends
at the various stocks had placed supporting
criers In Their market and their buying was
RUfficlent to absorb the offerings. The pro
foysicnal!' whf) had eold short on Saturday were
rsot slow to detect the evidences of eupport and
they hf.rrened >o cover and take their pront!=.
Buying from this Bocrce waa a material factor
in the recovery. Eeelnx the tendency of things,
the bull leader", who ha/i to retreat laj=t week.
Bttcmpted to retri»ve the!r lost jrround by bid
<l:ng up prices?. Tiie pr-frjr? to sell at the
aavance, however, stopped the movement and
the rnarUet USX back into its recent condition
of lethargy and downward drifting. Prices in
j>ractic»l!y all Important stocks were vory near
to Saturday's level at th« close, which vat
dull ar.fi easy. Among th- professional traders
vho still control r large proportion of the
ip^rations. an important influence was exerted
\<y tb« bullish OCfrftttoas expressed by James
II. K«?ne in an lr.ter\"lev.' in I^ondon. Mr.
K«ne» lion «ere th<? mor« influential inas
much as Saturday's goss'.p on the Stock I>x
rhange liad cttributed a telling order of 1.*>.COC
Fhar<»s of various blocks to his account. The
traders who followed this lead had nothing to
<5o but to cover th<?ir short contracts this morn
ing. The relative firmiie«^ of the coal carrying
lailroad storks, even before the general upturn
end the positive ctrength developed later,
serves to drtrad Fomewhat from the effect of
ehuttingr down of the coal mines. Uneasiness
waf less acuts ov^r the money market and more
account was taken of the fact that last w«k'i
outward movement of currency was abnormal
by reason of the larce relief funds transferred
to Texat. Greater confidence was felt In the
tbilHy of the money n'.arlcet to meet the re
quirements of tlifc German loan subscriptions
and more/.iUT.tlcn is jald to the larger view
cf the operations as an Indication of the grow
ing power and Importance of the country's
llna.Rcial jw»iuon.
The bond market continued Irregular. Total
rales, par value, JSSO.OOO. United States re
funding twes when issued, the old fours and
fives advanced M and new four* H per cent In
the bid i>rlce.
NEW TORK STOCK LIST.
Fr.sre» ' Closlnjr
fold. Stock— Bid.
J,O45 Atchlson J6»;
13,172 Atchison crefd 61
22,200 Baltimore & Ohio 70
ns Canadian Pacific *7
300 Canada Southern 43
1.C0 CtesaKake & Ohio... ZP.L
EASTERN MARKETS.
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour, firm;
Xo. 3 eprlng wheat, 70@77c; No. 2 red, 77»4c;
No. 2 corn, 40%@41>Ac; No. 2 yellow, 40%®
4034c; No. 2 oats. 22@22Uc; No. 2 white, 24%@
25>4c; No. 3 white, 24@23V4c; No. 2 rye, B2'/ic;
good fee^lrfr barley, 39039^0; fair to choice
malting, 48<5:55c: No. 1 flaxsced, $1 56; No.'!
Northwestern, $157; prime timothy seed, $4@
4 25; mess pork, • per bbl, $12012 03:' lard, per
1C0 lbs, 86 85(^6 87^4; short libs sides (loose),
$7 75@S: dry ealted shoulders (boxed), 6%@6%c;
short clear sides (boxed), $8 10®8 20; whisky,
basis of high wines, $1 26; sugars, cut loaf, un
changed; clover, contract grade, $10.
Articles — . Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 22,000 13,000
Wheat bushels 258,000 604,000
Corn, bushels ; 404,000 630,000
Oats, bushels 370.000 363 000
Rye. bushels 5.0*10
Barley, bushels 63.000 If, 000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was slow: creamery, t0'/4@20 l 4c: dairy
14'S18c; cheese, firm, lOlijniVic; eggs, slow!
fresh. 13c.
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — $4 S4%
Sterling Exchange, sight..; — 4 88
Sterling Cables — 4 89
New York Exchange, sight — , 05
New York ExchanRe. telegraphic — O7\4
Fine Silver, per ounce — . 62^j
Mexican Dollars, nominal 50 >4 @ 01
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT— The foreign markets thowed little
change. New York opened a fraction lower,
but subsequently advanced.
Chicago opened rather lower under disappoint
ing'Cables, but afterward became active at an
advance. The weather in. the Northwest was
clear and cold, with frosts there and also in
the Corn belt, though, the crops were consid
ered safe. The Northwest .bought freely and
the sentiment became bullish. Antwerp was
2V2C per bushel higher. The American visible
supply increased 2.200.COO bushels. » which wat
mow than exDected.
This market showed no chanx* worthy ol
rote.. . '
Spot . Wheat-Shipping, ?1 05^1 06U: Milling,
Jl lt©l 11V4. ' . ' • •
CALL BOARD SALES. . ¦ :
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock — Decembeiv— 46,
000 ctls, Jl 10%. May— 2000, tl 16% ; 4000, $1 16%.
Second Session— December— 4000 ctls, tl 10 1 *;
18,000, $1 10U.
Regular Morning Session— December— 2000 ctls,
$110%; 20,000, $1 10Vi. May— 4000, $1 16%.
Afternoon Session — May— 2000 ctls, jl 16',4. De
cember— 4CO0. ?1 10.
BARLEY— The market continued dull, but
the feeling was firmer and sales were made
at a fractional advance.
Feed, 70®73?ic for No. 1 and 65®67Hc for off
grades: Brewing and Shipping grades, 77%@
82V4c; Chevalier, nominal. .
CALL BOARD SALE3.
Informal Session — December — No sales.
Second Session — No sales.
Regular Morning' Session — No sales.
Afternoon Session— No sales,
OATS— Offerings are liberal and the market
is quiet. . v
"White. $ri5@l 30; Surprise, $1 35@1 40; Red,
$1 10<i*l 20; Gray, 51 10® 1 20; Black, for feed,
?1 lr.tfi 15; for seed. $1 15@1 20 per ctl.
CORN— Arrival of 1200 ctls of Eastern, which
is held at $1 23, with $1 22'^ bid.
HVE — Continues firmly held but quiet at S7V4
©soc per oti.
BUCKWHEAT— Nominal.
Flour and Millstu ffs.
FLOUR— California Family Extras, »3 60@
3 75, usual terms; Bakers' Extras, $3 40@3 50;
Oregon and Washington, $2 75@3 10 per barrel
for family and fi 156'3 50 for bakers'; Eastern,
*4 75<S5 75 per barrel.
M I LLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour. $3 oer 100 lbs; Rye Fl6ur. $2 73; Rye
Meal. $2 50; Rice Flour. $7;. Corn Meal. $2 73;
extra cream do. $3 DO; Oat Groats, $4 50: Hom
iny, $3 50®3 75; Buckwheat Flour, $4@4 23;
Cracked Wheat, S3 M; Farina, $4 50; Whole
Wheat Flour, $3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels), $6
©7 25; In sacks. $5 75@7; Pearl Barley, $5;
Split Peas, $5; Green Peas, $5 50 per 100 lbs.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
Bran continues stiff, with light stocks every
where. There is nothing new In Hay.
BRAN— ?1<@15 per ton.
M1DDLINGS-$16S19 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— ltolled Barley, $I6<3>17 50 p* r
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. $26@27; lobhine
$27 50® 28 ; Cocoanut Cake. $20<Tm ; Corn Meal'
$26 50; Cracked Corn, $27; Mixed Feed. ?13 50ft 14*
HAY - Volunteer, $4 50@7: Wheat. S10312-
Wheat and Oat, $» 50@ll 50: Oat, $8@10; Clover'
$4@6; Alfalfa, |6@7 50; Barley. $6 50@8 50 per
ton. ,
STRAW- 30®37%c per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
A quiet market for Beans Is reported, with
nominal Quotations.
' : BEANS-Bayos, J2 10^2 50; Small White, J4;
CHICAGO, Sept. 17.— Save for a moment of
uneasiness at the start, when traders were feel
ing the disappointment, over the advance of
only Hd at Liverpool. In the face of the bulge
here Saturday, wheat was buoyant. The mar
ket made further gains in spite of Liverpool
and in spite of an increase in the world's ship
ments and in the amount on passage. The de
mand was general and broader than usual be
cause of predictions of more rain for the
Northwest. October opened H@9«c lower at 76
@i6ttc and under liberal pressure from buy
ers advanced to 77%@77%c. The visible increase
of 2,191,000 bushels put a wet blanket on the
market. Influencing considerable profit-taking
by longs. The close, however, waa strong, Oc
tober after reacting to 76»ic, steadied and
closed »io over Saturday at ll%c.
Corn was dull and Inclined to weakness Oc
tober closed %c lower at 38>4c.
Oats were dull. October closed a shade down
at 21?ic.
Provision* again felt the pressure from shorts
who were on the trail of pork and ribs. Lani
was supported by the light stock of that prod
uct. Lard and ribs both held their gains well,
but when the short Interest In pork had become
apparently satisfied that speculative article
eased off. October pork closed 2H@5c higher
lard 10@12Hc< better and ribs 10@12V4c Improved
Tho leading futures ranged as follows:
NEW YORK. Sept. 17.-FI/>UR-Recelpts,
41,411 barrels; exports, 20.31S barrels; Bales,
10,300 barrels; market more active and firmer
on the strength of wheat; winter straits, $3 50@
3 65; Minnesota patents, $1 15@4 30; Minnesota
bakers, $2 75@3 30.
WHEAT— Receipts, 6275 bushels; exports. 25.
917 bushels; sales, 3.765,000; futures, 80,000
bushels export: spot, firm; No. 2 red, S2%c f.
o. b. afloat: No. 2 red, 80%c elevator; No. 1
Northern Duluth, S6%o f. o. b. afloat: No. 1
hard Duluth, SMHic f. o. ¦ b. afloat. Options
opened easy because of disappointing English
cables, but quickly recovered and were strong
most of the day. Buying for Northwest ac
count, stronger continental markets and pros
pects for more rain in spring wheat Stated
aroused the bullishness in local circles, pro
moting also a brisk demand for shorts; closed
firm at Vi@Hc net advance; March, 85 7-lti'xd
S7c, closed at S6%c; May, 85Vi@)<6c, dosed at
88Hc; September, S0%@SlWc, closed at 81>/4c;
October, 8&%@62c. closed at 81%c; December,
K%m\ 3-16c, closed at 83%.
HOPS— Quiet.
HIDES — Steady.
WOOI.— Dull.
COFFEE— Spot Rio, dull; No. 7 invoice, 8Hc:
mild, quiet; Cordova, 9%@14c. Futures closed
barely steady, 5 to 10 points lower: total sales,
45,500 bags. Including September, $7 25; October,
J7 25; November, %1 30(?}7 35; December, $7 35©
7 45: January, }7 40; February, $' 45; March,
J7 60@7 60; May. $7 6O®7 70. .
SUGAR— Raw, firm; fair refining, 4^c; cen
trifugal, 96 test, 6c; molasses sugar, 4c; re
fined, tlrm.
BUTTEP.— Receipts, S3.2C6 packages: firm;
creamery, 16M:@21c; June creamery, 18V-@21c;
factory. 14£16c.
EGGS— Receipts, 10.520; market firm; "Western
regular packing at mark, 13@17c; Western, loss
off, 13c.
DRIED FKUITS.
Aside from a moderate Inquiry for choice
grades of evaporated apples to supply im
mediate Wants there was nothing in the way of
new features and the market was generally
quiet on the basis of 3c to 5c for common;
prime. 4*i@5>rio; choice, 5'/4S 6c; fancy. 6<S6V4c.
California dried fruits were dull, but about
steady.
PRUNES-3%'ff7c per pound, as to size and
quality.
APRICOTS— Boyal. Jl<fl4c; Moorpark, 15016c.
PEACHES— Peeled, 14fjlSc; unpeeled, 6<&9c.
Charters.
The British steamer Condor loads lumber on
Puget Bound for Valparaiso for orders; the
Heleoe, rritrehanaise for Honolulu; th« Iver
amsay. wheat to Kurope. SSs Sd. If barley 9d
extra, rrior to arrival.
Wheat and Barley Shipment.
The British rhfp Ancaios cleared* yesterday
for Cork for ord>rs with S4.S22 ctls wheat,
valw-d at $37,250: W.:S3 ctls barley, valued at
!27.&3i f <. and 1S.C0O feet lumber dunnage, val
ued at %2X>. Total value. $65,075.
Fruit and Salmon in London.
The London Grocers' Gazette' of September 1
eayr: "There is more Inquiry for Californlan
fruUs. As showing the trend of the salmon
market, large sales of bulk lots have been
made at 2'*s ami 30e for Fraser tails; 32s to 33s
tot 1 (b flats: SSs to 4iV for >-t lb flats, and 40s
to 42s for ovals, both for ?pot and to arrive."
New York Dried Fruit Market.
The New Tcrk Commercial Bay*
"Otrrar.ts were higher yesterday, eales of
60 ta €0 barrels being made at 10Uc and about
350 bblF at 10^c later. After that only small
3ots cou!d possibly have been bought at the
latter Quotation. Cables from Greece quoted
a much higher price on new Amollas than any
heretofore heard of — i4s, or equivalent to about
ll^o, delivered here. Lower grades were
quoted at 41s. Sales of good sized lots of new
currants were reported mads during the day
at lie regular terns here.
"Sales or prunes, it was eaid yesterday, have
be»n eufncJe^t to ke<?p the coaet packers bu?y
ur.tll < totober 15, even if no further orders were
to be received.
"Oregon rrune growers hav« become greatly
rxclted by tiie price? named on California large
e'.red jirunes. and practically all Oregon pack
ers have withdrawn. According to one letter
received yesterday from a packer of Oregon?,
•everybody who has any fruit Is excited, and
It Is impossible to get the growers to name
prices.' Fays another packer: 'Opening
prices by the California Cured Fruit Associa
tion have bo excited our growers that it Is Im
possible to do anything with them until things
settle down. Vr.d*r these circumstances we
tne obliged to withdraw all quotations."
"A fair jobbing tra<Je was reported In Im
ported Pultana raisins, and tales of fair lots
of Valencia raiFins arrived on the Neustria.
were heard of at Sc. Future apples were
weaker, go-ids being offered et 4%c fr>r Octo
ber-November. A sale of a car for December
celivery at 4\4«? was reported.
"NutE showed a fair amount of activity. Bales
Including ZOO bags of Terragonaa at 15c and 200
has* of Ivicas at 14c. Cables received yester
day from the other Fide quoted 49s 6.1, or equlv*
a>rit to an advance of '-,e over the price
quot«<3 Saturday. Bales of 2<v> packs of new:
crop filbert e were reported at lO^ic for first half
October shipment."
Wcathcr Report.
(120th Merf<!ian-
— Pacific* Time)
PAN FRANCISCO. Sept. 17. 3 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
tfaf "as compared with tho»^ of the same date
lart season, and rainfalls in the past twenty
fo-jr hours:
Past This Last
Stations — 24 hours. Season. Season.
Eureka 0.10 0.27 1.16
P.M B!uff COO 0.23 0.C2
f s ~rETTi»ntn 0.00 0.06 1.02
San Francisco d.<V> 0.4s Trace
Frcpno 0.00 0.14 0.00
IrjfVr.'V.i'ipnce n.no n.76 0.07
Pan Luis Obispo 0.^0 Trace 0.00
Los Ar.gelfs (\.(<0 Trace Trace
fa.n Oippo 0.00 Trace 0.07
fan Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
'.'¦: minimum, 56; mean, €3.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The iireiwnre has risen rapidly over the North
r&ciSc rnart and fallen slowly along the Call
f'rr.'.a roast. An area of hish pressure off the
California roast this morrjiftg has moved north
t< ard s.i;d Is opntral on* the Washington coast
this evcolns:.
T!ie Vfm;.ersture has risen In California.
Oregon and Wachington and fallen decidedly
avf-r the j->latf-au and Rocky Mountain re-
Cion5. '.--
Generally rlear wr-ather prevails over the
Pa/if.e Slcs*.
Con'litions are favorable for fair and con
tinued warm veather In California Tuesday.
Forecart made at San Francisco for thirty
ending n-Jdnleht. September IS, 1500:
Northern «~a!ifnm!a— Fair; warmer Tuesday;
light r.cn!nit?t wind.
BoatlMTO California— Fair; warmer Tuesday;
lilht west wind.
X^vtuia— Fair: warmer Twfiay.
"tah— Fair: wanaer Tuesday.
Artzor.a— Fair Tuesday.
Fan Francisco and vie!tiity-Fa!r; continued
•vrzrza Tuesday; light northwest wind.
O. H. WILLSON,
Local Forecast Official.
NETW YORK, Sept. 17.— The Earl Fruit Com
pany's sales of California fruit: Grapes— To
kays, COc@$l 55 single crates; Malagas, 70c<3$l;
Clusters. *1 25@1 55. Pears — Bartletts, 80c@J2 95
boxes; Clalrgeau, 80c£? 1 10. Peaches— Salways,
65@75c box; Btrawbcrry Cling, S0385O, Plums—
Coe's Golden Drop, S0@86c single crates. Prunes
—German, 40@50c single crates; Italians, 70c@Jl:
Hungarians. 25@45c; Silver, 50@75c. Twelve
cars sold to-day. •¦ ,v . - ¦. . .
Porter Bros. Company sold California fruit
to-day: Plums— Kelsey. $3 85@4 12V4 per box.
Peam-Bartletts, Jl@2 70 per box and 70c@Jl 60
per half box: Summer Seckels. &0c per half box-
Santa Ana. 95c@*l 05; Duchess. Jl SO. Grapes-
Tokays. 65c«f$l TO per single crate and $1 156?
1 85: Clusters, assorted, Jl@l 55; Moroccos, Jl 15
ffj 10; Muacata, 60g75c; White Tokay, Jl 60®
150 Chicago Great Western 10%
8,625 Chicago, Burlington & Quincy 123
...."... Chicago, Ind & Louisville 23
..-•-.. Chicago, Ind &. Louisville prefd 66
Chicago & Eastern Illinois Wn
100 Chicago & Northwestern l«0',j
2,900 Chicago. Rock Island & Pacific, 105Vi
200 C C C & St Louis 68
200 Colorado Southern 6%
Colorado Southern 1st prefd 40
Colorado Southern 2d prefd 15Vi
400 Delaware & Hudson IO8I4
200 Delaware. Lack & Western 172
:»0 Denver & Klo Grande ISV*.
250 Penver & Rio Grande prefd 66Va
300 Erie 1 W 4
Erie lft prefd 32
€39 Great Northern prefd...; 151%
Hocking Coal 13^
400 Hocking Valley 31H
635 Illinois Central 115»4
100 Iowa Central «
Iowa Central prefd 43
Lake Erie & Western 26Vi 1
250 Lake Erie & Western prefd 92*a |
Lake Shore »» j
2.930 Louisville & Nashville 71
2.500 Manhattan Elevated §8%
3,573 Metroj.olitan Street Railway 151
Mexican Central 11 I
200 Minneapolis &. St Louis 62%
Minneapolis & Kt Louis prefd 92
7.650 Missouri Pacific 49%
Mobile & Ohio 35
Missouri. Kansas & Texas »Vt
LC30 Missouri. Kansas & Texas prefd.... 29k
827 New Jersey Central 130V*
2.1M New York Central 129
1,350 Norfolk &. Western 33
Norfolk & Western prefd 4
12.S70 Northern Pacific 60?8
200 Northern Pacific prefd <0
1.145 Ontario & Western W2
...?... Oregon Ry & Navisration 42
Oregon Ry & Navigation prefd <6
3.700 Pennsylvania "'
1.110 Reading Jfji
6,040 Reading 1st prefd 544
600 Reading 2d prefd 2o»*
Rio Grande Western -4
Rio Grand* Western prefd 90
100 Pt Louis & San Francisco 9%
St Louis & San Fran 1st prefd 60
200 St Louis A San Fran 2d prefd 32^
250 Ft Louis, Southwestern H
1.SC5 St Ltfuis. Southwestern prefd 26'4
1.115 St Paul 1J2"*
210 St Paul prefd 1«4
St Paul & Omaha HO
7,14'i Southern Pacific 32
&00 Southern Railway UJS
4,235 Southern Railway prefd 52'A
620 Texas & Pacific 14T»
24,440 tTnion Pacific j»
2S0 Union Pacific prefd <2>
Wabash 6 '"»
200 Wabash prefd 1JJ*
150 Wheeling & L E *H
400 Wheeling & L E prefd 2-fhi
Wisconsin Central 12'-2
100 Third Avenue HO
Express Companies—
Adams 124
American i* 0
Vnited States •• 4a
Wells Fargo 122
225 American Cotton Oil »2U
American Cotton Oil prefd 88
100 American Malting *Vi
100 American Malting prefd...,. 23'i |
LlOO American Smelting & Rer S6», ,
425 American Smelting & Ref prefd.... SS'-i !
American Spirits l'.i j
American Spirits prefd 17 j
225 American Steel Hoop ls^2 1
American Steel Hoop prefd 65
3.32S American Steel 4 Wire, ex div 33
£30 American Steel & Wire prefd 73
7feO American Tin Plate 26V4
150 American Tin Plate prefd fP.i
13,910 American Tobacco 90
American Tobacco prefd 127
1.410 Anaconda Mining- Co 43U !
13.237 Brooklyn Rapid Transit 63^» !
520 Colorado Fuel & Iron 24^ ¦
995 Continental Tobacco 25Vi I
262 Continental Tobacco prefd S6~/k j
5.2*5 Federal Steel 33 j
440 Federal Steel pref/d 6S*i
700 General Electric 13S 1 *
Glucose Sugar t 43%
Glucose Sugar prefd 9RV4
! 850 International Paper 1S', 2
100 International Paper prefd 66
Laclede Gas 71
900 National Biscuit 32%
National Bipcult prefd 85
825 National Lead 17H
150 National Lead prefd SO
National Steel 25»4
Natkna! Steel prefd S3?i
New York Air Brake 125
North American 14% j
Pacific Ooaft 64
Paeifir. f'oaHt 1st prefd S3
100 Pacific Coast 2d prffd 64
550 Pacific Mail 29^
10,150 People's Gas 90%,
245 Pressed Strel Car 38 1
100 Pressed Steel Car prefd .".. 71>,±
200 Pullman Palace Car 1S6
Standard Rope & Twine 5
24.400 Sugar 117
Sugar prefd 115
3.645 Tennessee Coal & Iron fifi'i
1,220 United States Leather lft» g
l"<0 1'nited States Leather prefd 67'*
5.010 United States Rubber 29U
I'nlted States Rubber prefd... 91
215 "Western ITr.ion 79'i
560 Republic Iron & Steel Co 11*4,
Republic Iron & •Steel Co prefd 52'i
• V C O & St Louis 66
252,900 Shares sold.
CliOSIXG BONDS.
U S 2a ref. when M K & T 4s 91Vi
issued, irg 104!i N Y Central lsts...lCS%
U S 2s ref. when |N J Cent een 6s.. .123
Issued, coup 104 1 -i!N Pacific 3s 65 1 /*
U S 2s reg 110 N Pacific 4s 104%
U s 2s coup 110 |n ? c &*s l 4«.,ioey 4
U S new 4s reg: KUVi'N & W con 4s S3
U K new is eoup..l"4',£ Or Xav. lsts 103
IT S old is reg 115 |Or Nav 4s 105
U S old 4s coup... 116 Or Short Line 6s.. ..127
U S 5s res iU*%]O S Line con 5s..ll3»,4
U S £s coup... 113?iiReadlne Gen 4s.... S7ft
Dis of Col 3.65s. ...112 |R G W lsts 09
Atchison gen 4s....l01'vilS L & I M con Cs.ll2H
Atchlson adj 4b boVi'S L & S F sren 6s. lzi'^
Canada So 2ds 105 iSt Paul cons ies>4
Ches & Ohio 44s... 9*%jS P C & P lsts.. ..117%
Ches & Ohio 5b 120 |S P C & P 5s US'*
C & NW con 7s... 139 (Southern Pac 4s.... 7SV4
C & NIVEFdeb 6s.120t.fci Southern Ry 5s lOSTi
Chgo Terminal 4s.. BS'i Stand It & T €s.... 67 .
Cola Southern 4s... St'j Tex & Pac lsts. ...112*:
D & n (J lsts W%\Ttx & Pac 2ds f,0
n & It G 4s 5*SVi t'riion Pacinc 4s....lO4»i
Krie General 4*.... GS IWEbash lsts 117
F W & I> C lsts... 72 (Wabash 2<ls 102
Gen Electric J* 120 '.We.n Shore 4s I13^i
Iowa Central lEts..313 |Wis Cent lsts 87'i
L & N I'ni 4s W jVa Centuries 89»4
M K & T 2.JS 6fl I
MIXING STOCKS.
Chollar 15fOntario 6 75
Crown Point It Ophir 44
Con Cal & Va 1 50 Plymouth 10
De.idwood SOiQuioksllver 1 fc
Gould & Curry 30 [Quicksilver prefd.. 6 in
Hale & Ncrcross... 17|Hicrra Nevada SS
Homestak* 50 C'lSlandard 4 20
Iron Silver 6fiil'nlon Con 15
Mexican 24'Yellow Jacket 15
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— [Union Pacific 54%
Call loans 2 03 iWest End 9i«i
Time loans 3',4y4%l Bonds-
Stocks— Atchlson 4s 99
ATA S F... i6',4 N E Gas&Cotoe 5s. 5SU.
A T & S F prefd. OS*.;,! Mining Shares-
American Sugar — 116*, I Adventure 4
Am Sucnr prefd. ..lla'i Allouez Mln Co.... 1
Boston & Albany. .245 Amalg Copper S7
Boston Elevated. ..147% Atlantic »»u
Boston &.¦ Maine.. .US iBoston fz Mont "11
Cheo. Bur &. Q l«'4|Caiumet & Hecla..74O
Dominion Coftl 3SVt! Centennial 15
Dom Coal prefd. ...110 IPranklin u
Fed-Ste€l prefd 65^iHumboldt 25
General Electric. ..1SS JOsceoIa 65
Gen Elec prefd 139 IParrot 4014
Ed Elec 111 210 iQulncy 145
Mexican Central... 11 (Santa Fe Copper.,.- 4U
Mich Telephone 85 Tamarack 218
N E Gas r &. Coke.. 10«iiL'tah Mining 20?i
Old Colony.. 204 IWInona ->£.
Old Dominion „. 16^ | Wolverines 40
Rubber 29
NEW TORK, Sept. 17.— Close: Money on call,
steady, at VA p«r cent; prime mercantile paper,
New York Money Market.
Silver a fraction weaker. Exchange unchanged.
Wheat rather unsettled. Barley a shade firmer.
Oats firmly held. Rye ditto. Eastern Corn arrived
Bran- firm, with slender stocks. Hay unchanged.
Nothing new in Beans and Seeds.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables about the same.
Butter firm. Cheese and Eggs steady.
Sound Game brings good prices. Poultry nominal.
Fresh Fruits about the same.
Prices for iiczv JValnuts established.
Demand for Prunes steady, but moderate.
Some changes in Lard. Codfislulozvcr. Salmon firm. '
Quotations for Meats unchanged.
Light transactions in local securities.
erer to Louis Rosenbars, lot on W line of
Powell street, 70 N of Green. N 2^, by \V 77:6;
also lot on S line of Greenwich street. 1C0 E
of Polk, K 112:6 by S Io7:6; gift.
Georee D. and Charlotte J. Grayblll f-t'ar
boro) to Josephine KebMock (wife of John).
lot on X !ine of Filbert street. 9!) E «t Lar
kln. E 22 by N r 137:6; tl'K
Birger (or Bergcr) and Carolina Erlands^n tr>
Jaakob A. Isa. lot cn W line of !>e Ham street.
250 N of Twenty-thi»4 (Nevada). N 2i by W
100: flO.
Margaret T. and Pleat?3 Fry to Ros* L
Toung. lot on S line of Point Lobos avenue. U
W of Thirty-third avenue, W 30 by S 100: $10.
Rose L. Kelly (Young) to Hd'.o. Coburn. siir.e.
110.
Thomas and Annie Douglass to Thomait J.
and Walter J. Douglass, lots 43 and 44. blooU
13, Lakevlew; girt.
Hannah and John C. Hennlns. John A.
Jacobs. t>. H.. Otto and J. Vennekohl (by FrM
B. Southworth,, commissioner) to Capital Bui: !
ing and Loan Association. Jet on SW lire of
Manitoba (Eleventh) street. "> SE of St Joh:i
(P). SE 25 by SW IdO. block 227; $S34.
Martha Coes to William Calder. lot on E lir»
of Vernon street, 225 S of Sherman. S 23 by G
100, lot 19, block 23, City Land Association; J,.
Alameda County. fl
Catherine H. Athearn to Annie T. At&esfc.
lot cn SE corner of Twelfth and Center street*.
E 104 by S-43, Oakland; gift.
Same to same, lot on E Una of Center Btreet.
7S S of Twelfth. E 104 by S 32. Oakland: gift.
Sarah Willis (widow) to Jacob Kobetlsh. lot
on E line of West street, 54.75 N of Thlrty-oec
ondi N 26.50 by E 110, block B, ilajor Gtvea
Tract, Oakland; $400.
Henry S. McClelland to Mary ML McClelland,
lot on NE line of East Twenty-third street.
183 NW of Eleventh avenu*. NW 73 by NE 150.
portion doubla block 143. Clinton, East Oak-
Land; zlft.
Same to- s&me. lot on NE line of East Twenty
third street. 264 NW of Eleventh avenu*. Nw
S3 by NE 150, block 143, Clinton. East Oakland;
Anita S. and Anson S. BIak» to Lizzie S. Tur
rer. lot 6. block P. Harmon Tract. Berkeley;
$273
Matilda Swanson to Christina. K. Janson. lot
on S line of Irving street, lit W of Lowell, W
50 by S 100. lots 42 and 43. block 5. Dohr Tract.
Berkeley: $10.
Kate H. McGrew (administratrix of. estate of
P. McGrew) to Bemhand H. Stualmacher. lot
on SW line of East Sixteenth street, 105 S3 of
Thirteenth avenue. SE 45 by SW 150 L being lot
19 and E 20 feet of lot 20, block; to. Clinton.
East OaJcland; $630. • _,,,. _
Oakland General Hospital to WLLaa T
Hamilton, lot on NW corner of Eighth and
Grove streets. W 100 fey N 95. beln* lots W. 21
and 22. and portion or lots 13 and 23. Mode %i,
Oakland, quitclaim deed; $1850.
Timothy Stanton to Patrick Bracket, lot cn
E line of Telegraph avenue as lt now exists,
225 N of Prospect avenue. N 50, B 100.72. S 60.
W ICO. 43 to beginning. beln« lr»t 8 and 5 feet oIT
N torticn lot 5 on map of McClure Academy
Grounds. Oakland; $10.
Builders' Contracts.
Ernest I. and Charlotte Johansoa (owners)
with Wilson & Long (contractors), architect
All -work for a one-story frame bulM
tnc on W line of Mississippi stre«t, 125 6 of
Eighteenth (Solano). S 25 by W 100; $1100.
M. Brown (owner) with Robert Greig (con
tractor), architect Clinton Day— All work for
alterations and additions in first story of build-
Ing on lot on SE corner of Buchanan street
and Olive avenue, 31:2 on Buchanan by 77;
$21n4.
Claus Spreckels (owner) with George II. Tar
Company (contractors), architects Reid Bros —
Steam heating plant for building: on S line of
Market street, between Third and Fourth, a !-
Joining Claus Srreckels buUdlng: X1300. ,A
Same owner with W. T. Veltch A Bro. i
tractors), architects same — Carpentry. 1MJ
work. etc.. for «am<» on same; ¥)?,&.
IQZhL per cent. Sterling exchange, firm, with
actual business in bankers' bills at $4 K%@
4 86T4 for demand and at $4 SSVi for 60 days;
posted rates. $4 8i@4 84% and $4 87 1 /s@4 8S; com
mercial bills, $4 82U@4 S'2%. Silver certificates,
62\©63?ic; bar silver, 62%c; Mexican dollars,
49\ic. Government bonds, strong; State bonds,
inactive; railroad bonds. Irregular. I
London Market.
NEW TORK. Sept. 17.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
The tone of the markets here to-day was heavy
and the volume of business was trifling. Ameri
cans were sold in the morning under the influ
ence of the ccal strike and the money market
outlook, some orders being given over Sunday
from New York. There was a slight recovery
toward the close. Money was steady. The bank
lost £6000 gold taken for South America. Sil
ver was lower on the reaction in India and thj;
close was uncertain.
CLOSING,
LONDON, Sept. 17.— Consols for money,
SS7-16; for the account. 98 9-16.
Atchlson, 27%; Canadian Pacific, 89%; Louis
ville, 72%; Union Pacific preferred, 75; North
ern Pacific preferred. 72; Grand Trunk, 6%;
Anacondas. 8%. Bar silver, steady, 2ST»d per
ounce. Money. 3 per cent.
Condition of the Treasury.
"WASHINGTON. Sept. 17.— To-day's state
ment of the Treasury balances In the general
fund, exclusive of the 1150,000,000 gold reserve in
the division of redemption, shows: Available
cash balance, $135,326,226; gold, $73,737,039.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Crushed, 7.05c; Powdered. 6.65c; Candy Granu
lated. 6.65c; Dry Granulated. 6.56c: Confection
ers' A. 6.65c; Magnolia A. 6.15c; Extra C. 6.05c:
Golden C, 5.95c; barrels, 10c more; half-barrela.
25c more; boxes, 50c more; 50-lb bags. 10c more.
No orders taken for less than 75 barrels or Its
equivalent. Dominoes. half-barrels. 7.30c;
boxes. 7.55c r>er lb.
PACIFIC CODFISII-Prlces are lower, as
follows: Bundles, 3V;c; cases, 3'5i@4V 4 c; Imita
tion Eastern. 5c; boneless, 4»ie: strips, 5.f£6c:
blocks. 3@5Uc; tablets, 6c; middles. VAOTtoe',
dcsslcated. 75c.
faALJl ON— There are practically no red
Alaska in first hands and thos© from second
hands are being held at $1 13®1 17H- Plnk3
range as high as 92V4C although some business
Is resorted at 2\io less.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR MONDAY. SEPTEMBER 17.
Flour, qr sks.... lS,352!Bran. sks 630
Wheat, ctls ..... 11.970! Middlings, ska .. 130
Barley, ctls 8.C60;Shorts. sks 400
Oats, ctls 2,bJ5! Hay, tons 1.01S
Corn. East. ctls. 1,200: Straw, tons 10
Rye, ctls 550iHop9, bales 66
Butter, ctla 140! Wool, bags 28
Cheese, ctls 31 Chicory, bbls 25
Tallow, ctla 320. Hides, No 121
Sugar, sks 2,480! Pelts, bdla 120
Beans, sks 342'Leather. rolls .... 63
Potatoes, ska ... 8,834: Eggs.. doi t.tTO
Onions, ska L670!
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks.... 7,710! Oats, ctls 1.3C0
Wheat, ctls 770!
2 05 per single crate. Peaches— Salways, 60@75c.
Prunes— Silver, 60@65c.
.CHICAGO. Sept. 17.— Porter Brps. Company
sold California fruit, to-day: Grapes— Morocco.
$1 25 per single crate; Tokays, 80c@$l 50 per
single crate and $1 50' '¦ 55: Clusters, assorted,
95c<{?»l 50; Muscats $1 10®l 35. Pears — Bartletts,
SocigJl 90 per box and 85c@|l 05 per half box;
Duchess. $1 13 per box. Peaches— Salways, 3o@
65c.
Earl Fruit Company's sales of California
fruit: Grapes— Tokays. 60c@$l 30 single crates:
Clusters, 90c©$l 75. Pears— Flemish, $1<&1 10
boxes; Bartletts, $1 60@2 25; Duchess, 85O0J1:
d'Anjou, average Jl 9 0. Peaches— Elberta, Zaaj
40c box.. Prunes— Silver, 50®S0c single crates;
Hungarian, 35@60c; Bulgarians, average 49c;
Italians. 6O@S0c. Sixteen cars sold to-day.
Chicago Livestock Market.
CHICAGO. Sept. 17.— CATTLE— Receipts. 22.
000, Including 700 Westerns and 1200 Texans.
Choice steady: medium and llzht slow to 10c
lower. Butcher stock steady; Westerns slow;
Texans steady. Natives, good to prime steers.
$5 50@5 S5; poor to medium. $4 40®o 40: selected
feeders, slow at 10c lower, S3 40S4 65; mixed
stockers, 10c to 15c lower, at $3® 3 75: cows, $2 SO
©4 50; heifers $3(55 25; canners, $2 15@2 80; bulls,
S2 50<S!4 50; calves, $4(06 75. Texas fed steers,
$4 40(9-5 15; grass steers, $3 50@4 30: bulls, $2 7o
@3 40
HOGS-Recelpts/33,C00; to-morrow, 12,000; es
timated left over. 45C0. Active, generally steady,
except rough heavy ehade lower. Top, $0 60 .
mixed and butchers. $3 05@3 55; good to choice
heavy, $5 05(g5 45; rough heavy, $4 8o@5; light,
$5 15!fi'5 6O: bulk of sales, $5 J0@5 35.
SHEEP-Recelpts 20.CO0. Sheep and lambs,
choice and feeders, steady to strong: poor to
medium, weak; shade low«r. Good to choice
wethers, $3 75(34 20; lair to choice mixed, $J 2o
©3 £5; Western sheep, S3 7S@4 15: Texas sheep
J2 50@3 30; native lambs, $4 2506; Western
lambs, $D®6 80.
New York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK, Sept. 17.— Cotton futures opened
weak with prices down 4«J14 points under fever
ish sreneral selling and an almost total ab
sence of bull support. The decline did not
cease with the adjournment of the call,
prices further easlns C@ll" points before a re :
cuperation manifested itself on the downturn.
The market had another weak turn in the early
afternoon and broke to the lowest oolnt of
the day under a fresh dash to unload cotton
accumulated on last week's rise, supplemented
by .straggling . sales for short account. The
market closed steady at a net loss of 5<gl0
points.
New York Metal Market.
NEW YORK. Sept. 17.— The general aspect
of the metal market to-day was toward a
lower level of values. Tin in London declined
£12 £s, prompting a similar loss In the local
situation, closins weak here at $29 50#29 75.
While reports from Glasgow showed a weak
feeling there, our markets remained dull and
unchansed at- $9 37^@10 37H for pigiron war
rants. Lake copper was quiet at $16 75Q17.
Lead and spelter were dull and unchanged on
tho basis of $4 37% and $4@4 10 respectively.
The brokers' price for lead was $4 and for cop
per J $16 7£<&16 S7%.
Visible Grain Supply.
NEW YORK, Sept. 17.— The statement of the
visible grain supply on Saturday, September
15, bb compiled by the New York Produce Ex
change, la as follows: Wheat, 13,927,000 bushels,
increase 2,191,000 bushels; corn, 5.602,000, in
crease 245,000; oats, 10,347,000, Increase 1,523,000;
rye, 794,000. decrease 37,000; barley, 653,000, In
crease 196,000.
Foreign Markets^
LONDON. Sept. 17.-Consbls. OS 9-16; silver.
2S?4d; French rentes, lOOf 25c, ex dividend; car
goes on passage, sellers asking 6d more; cargoes
No. 1 standard California, 32s 6d; cargoes Walla
Walla, SCs 3d; English country markets, part
6d dearer; import into United Kingdom, wheat,
360.0CO quarters; import Into United Kingdom,
flour, 271,000 barrels; wheat and flour on pas
sage to United Kingdom, 2.3S0.00O; wheat and
flour on passage to Continent, 940,000.
LIVERPOOL. Sept. 17.— Wheat, steady; No. 1
standard California, 6s Sdlg'Ss 5l£d; wheat In
Paris, quiet; flour in Paris, quiet; French coun
try markets, steady.
COTTON— Uplands. 7>/*d.
CLOSING.
LIVERPOOL. Sept. 17. — WHEAT — Spot,
steady; No. 2 Western winter, 6s Hd; No. 1
Northern spring, 6s 4',4d; No. 1 California, 6s
5d@Ss 5>£d. Futures — Steady; September. 6s 2V4d;
December, 6i 4Vid.
CORN— Spot, strong: American mixed new,
4s 4'/4d: do old, nominal. Futures— Quiet; Oc
tober, 4s 3%d; November, 4s 3%d; December,
4s 2%d.
Portland's Business. >
The imports of wheat into Liverpool last week
were 99,tVK) quarters from Atlantic ports and
tCOO quarters from other ports. The imports of
corn from Atlantic ports- last week were li7,100
quarters.
PORTLAND. Sept. 17.-^CIearings, $665,099;
balances, $74,209.
OREGON.
Northern Wheat Market.
PORTLAND, Sept. 17. — WHEAT — Walla
Walla, EG@57c; Valley, 53@60o; Blue Stem.
53SC0c. .
"WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, Sept. 17.— WHEAT-4Jc higher and
firm; Blue Stem. COc; Club. 57c; both for ex
port. _
James de la Montasyato C. A. Dora, lot on
k J 2O JV^F ?«L- Jack8<; ' n an>1 Sanscme. E 137:«
Charley Joseph. Bertha. Manfred. Emma and
Arthur Rosenberg. Eda Newman. Sellna and
Ted D. Davis. Frederlcka and Simon W. Led-
Susanna and John H. Paton'to Johanna Pa
ton, lot on.E line of. Shotwell street 123 V of
Twentieth. N 3 by E 122:6; $73.
Drury and Sarah B. Melone to Ellen O'Con
nell. lot on W • line of Julian avenue »50 s
of Fourteenth. W 100 by S 2i; $1730.
Katherinp M. Buiwman to Charles F LJbbv
lot cn N line of Page street, 107:i» W of'Devi«aI
dero, W SO by X 97:6; $10.
Estate Joseph M. Wood (by Abbie R ana
Martha Wood, executors) to Mrs. Kate Mc-
Carthy, lot on W line of Stelner street "7 s
N of Green. N C5 by W ICO: t25t». Hcreel - "-«
Dora and Evan "Williams to Gustave H.
Charle3 W. and Ernest H. Schilling lot on S
line of Jackson street, 80 w of Buchanan iv
60:6, S 101. W 25:3, S 26:6, E 75:9. N 1*7:6; JIO
Michael Bercharil to Bank of Nai>a "lot on
S line of Greenwich street, 10O W of Flllmore,
HEAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
MONDAY, Sept. 17—2 p. m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid.Ask. Bid.Ask.
4a quar coup-.llo^ll^i 4s do cp (new).134 135
4s do reg 114\115?i 3s do coup 110 ill
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Cal-st Cab 5s.ll6V 2 — Oak "Water 5s. — 103
C C "Water Ss.106^107 1^ Oceanic SS 5s.lO7?41u7?i
Ed L & P 6s.. — 130 Om C Rv fis...l23 —
F & Cl Ry 6s.. — — Pae G Imp 4s.l01»4 —
Geary-st R 5s. — 93 P & Cl Ry 6s.lG4 —
H C & S 5^3. — — P & O R R 6s.l» —
Do .is — 106 Powell-st R 6sllS»-i —
L A Ry 5s — 105 Sac L GAR5s.lOOH —
L A Lt Co 63. — — S F & SJV 5s. 120 —
Do gntd 6s.. — — R It of Cal 6s..lU\;ill?i
L A gntd 5s... 100 102% S P of A 63....IUJ4 —
I, A P II R 5s. — 101 3 P C «s U905)
Market-st 63.. .123 — (Series A).... — 112
Do 1st M 5s. 117U — Do (Series B)U1 —
N C N G R 7s. — — SPCfs <19O6).112% —
N R of Cal 6s. 113 — Do (1912) 12OH —
' Do 5s 11SU119 S P R 1st gntd — —
N P C R R 6S.101 — S P Br 6s 132*i —
Do 6s 106 — S V Water 63..i:2'.j —
N Cal Ry 6s.. — 111 Do 4s 103 103'4
Oak G I- & H.lf? — Do 3d mtg...l01% —
Oak Tran 63. .117 — Stocktn Gas 6s — 102!i
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa.. 70 "70% Erring Valley. 98 9G!i
Marln County. 51>i — • . \
GAS AND ELECTRIC STOCKS.
Cent G L Co.. — — Pic L Co 42^4 —
Cent L & P Co — 5 Sac Kl G&RCo 30 &5
Equit G L Co. 3'£ 3T4 S F G & E 6»',i o4^
Mutual El Co. 10 l i 11 San Frai.cisc-3. 5 —
O G L <i H.. — &» Stkn G & E Co 10 —
Pac Gas Imp.. 52 1 4 33
INSURANCE STOCKS.
Firem's Fund.22S —
BANK STOCKS.
Anglo-Cal Ltd 68 • — Lon P & A....132?i —
Bank of Cal... 409 — Merchants' Ex 15 —
Cal S D & T..105 — Nev Nat Bk... — —
First Nationl.2S.1 300
SAVINGS BANKS.
Ger S & L...1S^> 19W Sav & L So.... 74 —
Hum S & L.. — — Sl»c Sav Bk — —
Mut Sav Bk... 48 — Union T Co — —
S F Sav U....5O7 — I
STREET RAILROAD STOCKS.
California 123 — O S L & H.... — 45
Geary-st — — Presidio — 22Vi '
Market-st 67'i 67fi
POWDER STOCKS.
California — 162Va Vigorlt 2% —
Giant Con Co. So —
SUGAR STOCKS.
Hana S P Co.. 7T» ?U Kllauea SP Co 2Ui 22
Haw C & S Co — — Makawell S Co 44Vi 45
Houoka S Co. 31 31^ Onomea S Co. 2% —
Hutch S P Co. 23 — Paauhau S Co. SI —
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Al Pack Assn.123^12514 PacA F A.... 1% —
Cal Fruit Assn 97 — Pac C Bor Co. — 151«<i
Mer Ex Assn.. 97 100 Par Paint Co. 12 li\t
Oceanic S Co.. — 93%
Morning Session.
Board —
$1000 Contra Costa Water bonds 107 CO
50 Kqultable Gas 3 62>i
110 Horokaa S Co SI (">
I 130 Makaweli S Co 44 25
$W0<> Market-si Cable 6s 12S 00
$1000 Paauhau S P Co 31 CO
$5000 Sacramento Klec Gas & Ry 5s 100 25
41) S F Gas & Electric Co 54 PO
$3000 U S 4s reg new 1S3 50
Afternoon Session.
Board—
50 Contra Costa Water 70 "3
110 Giant Powder Con 80 25
10O Honokaa S Co 31 00
2rt Makawell S Co 44 50
220 Market Street Railway 67 25
50 Paauhau S P Co 31 00
$2000 S P of A bonds HI 37',i
Street—
500 Honokaa S Co SI CO
650 Hutchlnson S P Co 23 25
$5000 Pac Gas Imp 4s 1*1 50
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
7 Morning Session.
Board —
175 Home Oil : 4 65
10O Home Oil, b 30 4 65
30 Yukoir 60
5 Kern River W 75
500 Slerling O & D Co 1 45
Street —
lOCI) Reed Crude Oil Co 60
> Afternoon Session.
Board —
430 Home Oil * «3
150 Yukon 63
200 California Standard 35
50 Kern River 13 "5
150 San Joaquin Oil & Dev 7 00
100 Sterling O & D Co 1 50
2C0 Twenty-Eight - 160
Street—
167 HomV Oil * 65
50 San Joaquln Oil & Dev 7 50
MINING STOCKS.
The following were the sales in the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Mornins Session.
20O Andes OS -too Chollar 17
mo Belcher 17 350 Con Cal & Va..l 15
600 Challenge 21.
Afternoon Session.
10O Alta *03; 300 Sierra Nevada. 80
S0O Belcher , IS ! 20O Silver Hill 3S
100 Gould & Curry 33 > .100 Yellow Jacket.. 20
200 Ophlr 46, 700 Yellow Jacket.. 21
900 Overman Ill
The following were the sales In the Pacific
Stock and Exchansre Board yesterday:
Mornins Session.
400 Con Cal & V.I 1241 COO Gould & Curry 33
g00 Crown Point... Ill
Afternoon Session.
200 Challenge Con. 23 200 Gould & Curry 13
200 Con Cal & V.I 12^ 400 Ophir 4$
100 Con Cal & Va..l 15 300 Yellow Jacket.. 13
200 Confidence SO 500 Yellow Jacket.. 21
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
, MONDAY, Sept. 17-4 p. m.
Bid.Ask. I Bid. Ask.
Alpha. >;.! Ot Justice 02 03
Alta 02 cr. Ker.tuck — «¦»
Andes OS 07 1 Lady Wash ... — O.t
Belcher 17 13! Mexican ,...».„ 26 :7
Best & Belcher 26 27 [Occidental 07 CJ
Bullion 02 0»;Ophir 4S 47
Caledonia 41 42iOverman 10 11
Chollar 17 l^lPctrpt 17 13
Challenge Con. ZZ "I ! Savage 17 1$
Confidence 79 80 'Scorpion 0J —
Con Cal & Va..l 10 1 lSfSeg Belcher 02 03
Con Imperial... 01 02, sierra Nevada. 30 31
Con New York. — Ol'SUver Hill 3s 40
Eureka Con — — 43;St Louts 12
Crown Point... 13- 14'Standard 4 10 4 27»
(Exchequer 01 02|Syndlcate _ eg
OouW & Curry ?J 23! Union Con is 17
H.-xle & Norc... 2') 21UTtah OS 06
Julia 03 04> Yellow Jacket.. SO "1
The following dividends will be paid on the
20th: California Fruit Canners. 60c: Hutchin
son Sugar, 25c; Spring Valley Water, 42c; Cen
tral Light and Power, 5c; California Powder,
STOCK AUD BOND EXCHANGE.
Oil dividends announced are the American
Fuel, lc, payable on the ISth, and the Home,
10c, on the 20th.
On tho morning session of tho Bond Ex
change the only variation of Importance waa
an advance In Makawell to $44 25. Trading
was light. There waa nothing new In the
afternoon.
Large "White. *2 50<®2 75; Pink. $2 25®2 50; Red.
{3 25; Blackeve $3 35; Lima, $5 15<35 25; Pea,
none here; Red Kidneys, \l 25®3 50.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, 3»4@4c; Yellow
Mustard. 4%£f5c; Flax. $2@2 50; Canary, 3V4c per
lb for Caiifornia and 4c for Eastern : Alfalfa,
nominal: Rape, 2V4®3c; Hemp. 4@4%c; Tim
othy, 4@4Hc
DRIED PEAS— Nlles, nominal; Green. $2 2o3
2 iO per ctl; Blackeye. $2.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables:
River Tomatoes are about done for this sea
son. There is no particular change In Pota
toes and Onions, except that Sweet Potatoes
are In larcer supply.
POTATOES— Early Rose, 25ig30c; Burbanks,
30£f60c for Rivers and 75cuf$l 05 per ctl for Sa
linas: Sweets, 75c@$l for Rivers and $1 25@1 40
for Merced.
ONIONS— SOifSOc per ctl; Pickle Onions. BO
®COc.
VEGETABLES— Green Corn, 75c®$l per sack.
75c@$l per crate for Berkeley and $1*51 25 for
Alameda; Green Peas, l©2c per lb: String-
Beans, l©2c; Limas. 1%©2>^c per lb; Cab
bage, 4C(g50c; Tomatoes. Bay, 20@40c: Egg
Plant, 25@40o per box; Green Okra. 25@40c;
Green Peppers, 30@40c per box for Chill and 30<9
50c • for Bell; Dried Peppers. 10@15c: Carrots.
25@35c per sack; Summer Squash, 35@40c for
Alameda; Cucumbers, 25@35c for Alam«da;
Plcklea, $lijjl 25 per ctl for No. 1 and B0@75c for
No. 2; Garlic, 3c per lb; Marrowfat Squash. $3
©10 per ton.
Poultry and Game.
Good Game continues to bring comparatively
hich prices.
Three cars of .Eastern came In and sales
were made at ll@14c for Turkeys, $5@6 for
Hens. $5 for young Roosters, $4 50 for old do.
$3(83 50 for Fryers, $2<g3 for Broilers and $3 50
for Ducks. . ..
POULTRY— Live Turkeys. 9@llc for Gobblers
and ll@12c for Hens: young Turkeys, 14@16c;
Geese, per pair, $1 25<S!1 50; Goslings, $1 50®l 75-
Ducks, $304 for old and $3@4 for young:
Hens, $3 50©5; Young Roosters. $4@4 50; Old
Roosters, $3 50@i; Fryers. $3(33 50; Broilers,
$2 50&3 for large and $2@2 50 for small; Pigeons.
Jifi 1 25 per dozen for old and $1 7502 for
Scuabs.
GAME— English Snipe. $1 50@2 50; Doves. 7.">c
Si'OOc per dozen; Cottontail Rabbits. $1 25@1 50;
Brush Rabbits, 75c(g$l: Hare, $1®1 25; Grouse,
$Sf?!>: Sage Hens. $1 50@2; Mountain Quail,
$2 SOiS'3 per dozen.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Supplies of Butter continue light and the
market Is firm. Cheese stands the same.
Eggs are steady, as receipts about balance
the demand, and stocks are not large. Prices
are unchanged.
BUTTF.K—
Creamery— Fancy Creamery, 25@2Gc; extra
marks higher: Seconds, 21g24Vic.
Dairy— Fancy. 23',£c; good to choice, 22©2Sc;
common, 17',~;ffi21c.
Orenmery tub — 2(li<J22 1^o per lb.
Pickled roll-19321c.
Firkin— 1S«19c.
CHEESE— New, 9®10c; old. 8g"8!4c: Young
America. lOfrlO'/ic; Eastern, 13U©14c; Western,
lC^ 12c per lb.
EGGS— Quoted at 17Hf?22&o for store and 27V4
©32c per dozen for ranch; Eastern, 18^22iAc.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Receipts of Berries were light. Tree fruits
showed no particular change, supplies being
ample, though Plums and Prunes are getting
somewhat scarce.
Grapes stood about the same. Melons were
plentiful and slow of sale.
PEACHES— 25(5 5.1c per box.
Eastern Cranberries are expected In a few
days.
I>ECIDrOUS FRUITS
APPLES— 25ST50C per box for common and 60c
(g$l 10 for gocd to choice.
PEARS — Bartlett. 75cJ{?l 15 per box; other va
rieties, 40@65c per box.
QUINCES— 25'<7 50c per box.
CRANBERRIES-Coos Bay. $2 50 per box.
STRAWBERRIES— $4<p6 per chest for large
and Jj'afi for small berries.
BLACKBERRIES— ftfio per chest.
RASPBERRIES— J4«6 per ch«?t.
HUCKLEBERRIES— 4?j5c per lb.
FIGS— 20(Tr30c per single and 40@60c for double
layer boxes.
POMEGRANATES— 40<f?73c per small box.
PLUMS — ru)(f?50c per box and 50@7oc per crate.
OUAPES — Muscat." 40(S60c per crate; Seedless.
J'Ql 10 per crate; black. 40ff?65c; Tokay. WVJ?
COc: Isabella. So@75c; AVIne Grapes, Jl-'i-j/lS for
white and $20<g25 per ton for Zlnfandel.
MELONS— Nutmegs. Z5@50c per case: Canta
loupes. &0c@t 2o per crate: Watermelons, $6@15,
with extra large at $20 per 100.
CITRUS FRUITS-Seedlins Oranges, $1@1 CO;
Leraon«, fl 25@2 for common and $2 50@3 for
cco<l to choice: Mexican Limes, $5 nO@6; Ba
nanas, $1 50crT2 00 per bunch; Pineapples, $1 50®
Z SO vcr dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
Prices for new crop Walnuts will be found
below. Those for Raisins have not yet been
fixed.
• Fruits continue quiet, and the movement in
Prunes is not particularly brisk.
As will be seen by the report from New York
In the first column, the plan of the New Yorfc
pruno dealers to give California Prunes the
go-by and take Oregon Prunes instead Is not
likely to pan out, for tho Oregon growers have
withdrawn thoir goods from the market.
FRUITS— Prunes, Santa Claras. 4 sizes. 3c: 40-
ECs. 7c: 50-60s. 5Vic; GO- 70s, Z%c; 70-8Os. 3Uc: SO
WS, 2%c; y0-100s, 2 l ic; 100s and over. 2c; rubies,
Vic premium; Sonomas %c and San Joaquins V A c
less than Santa Claras, except 100s and over,
which stand the same. Apricots, BffSc for
Royals and 10@llVic for Moorparks; Evaporated
Apples, 5ig0c; sun-dried. 3©4c; Peaches, o<fJ5\' 3 c
for standard, 6«?fiHc for choice and 7<S8c. for
fancy: 1'ears. 3®7c: I'lums. pitted, o!g6c; un
pltted. l@Hic: Nectarines, b^oHc for red and
6V4<?Kc for white. ¦*
RAISINS. — Bleached Thompson's fancy, per
lb, 10c; choice. 9c; standard, Sc; prime, 6c; un
bleached Thompson's, per lb. 6c. Sultanas-
Fancy, 4>er lb, 8%c; choice. 7H=: standard. 6V»c;
prime, 5c; unbleached Sultanas. 5c; Seedless.
60-lb boxes. 5c; 2-crown loose Muscatels, 5V&c;
3-crown, 6%c; 4-crown. 7c; London Layers, 2
crown, $150 per box;- 3-crown. $160; Fancy
Clusters, $2; Dehesa, $2 50; Imperial. $3. All
prices f.o.b. at common shipping points In Cal
ifornia.
NUTS— Walnuts. No. 1 softshell, 10c; No. 2.
8c; No. 1 hardshell, 9Hc; No. 2. 7V£c; Almonds.
12SM31AC for paper shell, 94«?10c for Eastern
and S'iT'Ijc for California; Brazil Nuts. Il(ffl2 1 / 4c:
Filberts. 12@13c; Pecans. HQ'13c; Cocoanuts.
t3 bo©s.
HONEY— Comb. 13H®U^cfor bright and 12H«f
10c for light amber; water white, extracted, 7%
(SSc: llcht. amber-extracted, IQJ^ei dark, &{p
£',s-c f>er lb.
BEESWAX— 24©26c per lb.
Provisions.
Some charge In T.ard will be observed. Otn
prwlsc there is nothing new, Bacon being firm
and Hams easy.
CUltED J1HATS— Cacon. lie per lb for
heavy. HHe for light medium. l?.c for licht. 13»ic
for extra light and lo^c for sugar-cured; East
ern sugar-cured Hams, 12',4e; Mess Beef, %Vi per
bbl: extra- Mess. $13; Family. $14; extra Prime
Pork, $15 B0; extra clear. $19; Mess. $U 50;
Smoked Beef. 12Vi@ i 13c per lb.
LARD — Tlercea quoted at ?c r>er lb for com-
Dound and 9Uc for pure; half-barrels, pure,
9Hc: 10-lb tins. 10c; 5-lb tins. 10%c.
COTTOLENE— One-hslf .barrel. S%c; three
half-barrels. 8^4c; one tierce, S?»c; two tierces,
8V4c; five tierces, 8V4c per lb.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about lc under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers, 8',4@9c; medium, 8V4c; light. 8c; Cow
hide*, 8c; Stags. 6c: Salted Kip. 15c; Dry Calf,
15c; culls and brands, 12c; Sheepskins. Shear
lings, 20@30c each; short "Wool, 30@50c each; me
dium, 60@80c: loriff Wool, 90c@U 10 each; Horse
Hides, salt, $2@2 25 for large. *1 75 for medium.
$1 for small and 50c for colts; Horse hides, dry.
$1 50 for large, $1 25 for medium. $1 for small
and 23@5Gc for colts. Deerskins — Summer or red
skins,. 35c; fall or medium skins, 30c; winter or
thin skins, 20c. GoaUklns— Prime Angoras, 73c;
large and smooth, &0c; medium. 35c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, *'i**ic per lb; No.
2. 3<?3<*c; erease. 2i?2%c.
WOOL— Spring clip la quotable as follows:
Northern, free, 15@!5c; Northern, defective, 121P
14c; Middle County, free, 14ffl6c; Middle Coun
ty, defective. 12@14c: Southern Mountain. 12
months', llfiX12e: Southern Mountain, free. 7
months', ll©12c; Southern Mountain, defective
T months'. 9@llc; Humbolflt and Mendoclno, lt
@17c; Nevada. 13Slfic per lb.
Fall Clip— San Joaquln. 6H@Sc: do Lambs', 8
@Sc: Middle County, 9(SUc per lb. •
HOPS — Old, nominal at CcfJlOe per lb; new,
lC@12c.
San Francisco Meat Market.
Previous prices rule for all descriptions.
BEEF— 5@6c per lb for fair to choice.
VEAL— Large, 7@Sc; small. S'iWic per lb.
MUTTON — Wethers, T&GISc; ewes, 7@7VSc per
pound.
LAMB— Spring. 8H©9c per lb.
PORK— Live Hogs. h% c for small, 5*£c for me
dium and fiVvC for lance: stock Hogs and feed
ers, S@5Vic; dressed Hobs. S@SV£c.
General Merchandise.
BAGS— San Quentin Bags, $5 63: Calcutta
Grain Bags. 5%c; Wool Bags. 2 (3ZZY 2 c: Fleece
Twine, 7}£c; Fruit Bags. 6\i$i6*ic for white and
8U©8%c for bleached jute.~ u/>;
COAL— Wellington.' ?9 per ton; Southfleld
¦Wellington, $9: Seattle. $7: Bryant, $7: Coos
Bay, $5 50; Wallsend, S9: Co-operative Walls
end. $9: Cumberland. J12 In bulk and $13 25 in
sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egs, $14; Can
nel, JU per ton; Coke, JIG per ton In bulk and
$18 In sacks: Rocky Mountain descriptions *s 43
per. 20CO lbs. and $S 50 per ton, according to
brand;
SUGAR— The "Western Sugar Refining ; Com
pany quotes, per pouna", ' In 100-lb
baes: Cubes, A Crushed and Fins
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 18, 1900.
THE STOCK MARKET.
New York Grain and Produce.
Chicago Grain Market.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Foreign Futures.
California Fruit Sales.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— Sept. r>ee.
Opening 6 214 6 4H
Closing 6 2% 6 4«.^
PARIS.
Wheat— Sept. "Jan.-Apl.
Opening 20 55 22 05
Closing 20 65 22 20
Flour-
Opening 26 20 28 25
Closing 26 06 28 20
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL NEWS
8
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
• , Steamers leave Broa<Jwa7
h|» wharf, San Francisco:
fK>TT|. _ For Alaskan Portsi — 11 a.
IHi As/^-.^>y^ rn.. September 1.1. IS. 2'<. 25.
V3p^Kt>^*^Sv f>ct- 3 - Change to company's
6 -vk £""?•? V"V) st»amer<« at Seattle.
J.SSSMiit For Vlrtorla, Vancouver
*£j|jj&C<*SSM <r! - C.\ Port Townsend. ?¦¦
C attle. Tacoma. Everett. A", i-
cortes and New Whatcnm
~" (Wash.), 11 a~ m., September
13, 1«. 23. 2S. Oct. 3. and every fifth day
thereafter. Change wt Seattle to thl* com-
pany's steamers for Alaska and G. N. R'y: at
Seattle or Tacoma to N. P. R'y; at Vancouver
to C. P. R'y.
For Eureka. Humbol<1t Bay— 2 p. m.. P<>rv-
tember 15. 20. 25. 30. Oct. 5. and every a::i\
day thereafter.
For Sant» rrrnt. M"nter»y. Pan Simeon. Cayj-
ros. Port Harford <?an I.nla Ob!spo>. Oaviota,
Panta F-arbsira. Ventura. Huenprne. Pan Mn
East San Pedro (Ty~s Anirf'.es) and Newport— 9
a. m.. September 12. IS. 2". 24, 2S. Oct. 2. an !
every fourth day thereafter.
For Pan Pifgo. stopping only at Port Hir-
ford fPan Luis Oblsno). Panta Barbara, Port
Los Angles and R<*<1cndo fLo« Angeleg) — 1!
a. m.. September 14. 1^. 22. 26. 30. Oct. 4. and
every fourth day thereafter.
For ¦FTrsenadn. Masr<]al<>na Bay. San Jos* rt>l
Cabo. Mazatlan. Alfata. La Paz. Santa R.-.salia
and Cuaymas (Mexico) — 10 a. m.. 7th of eaeii
month.
F<->r further Information obtain corapar»y"3
foMers. .
The comramr rpfrrm th» right tn ch.-tnsr»
steatners. sailinic dates and hours of sailing
without previous notiro.
TICKFT OPKICE-4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hot»l).
GOODALL. PERKINS * CO.. Oen. Asents.
10 Market st...San Franei*^
THF Oi'R. & Rf. nn f ¦
DISPATCH FAPT STEAMERS TO
t=> o :r. mi, . a. :nt jd
From Ppear-street TTharf at 11 A. M.
C«DC $12 First Class including Ber:h
rMnr. $s Second Class and Meals.
STATE OF CALIFORNIA Balls
COLt^i'BT'.V'saUs.".\V.\\'.\".""".SepV.'Y3. j£" Oct. 5
Short line to TVall.i Walla, Spokane. Butte.
Helena and all points In the Northwest.
Through ticket* to all oolnta East.
E. C. WARD, General A^ent.
«30 Market st.
GOODALL, PERKINS * CO..
Superintendent*.
TOYO KISEpAim
STEA>rRR3 MrOJt. LEAVE WTJARS\ COH-
ner First and Brannan street, at 1 5. fn.,
for YOKOHAMA and HON'GKOXO. calllnr at
Kobe (Hlogo). Nacajakl and Shanshal. and
connecting at Hcnekong with steamers for In-
dia, etc. No cargo received on board oa flay
of sailing:
PS. NIPPON MARTT
Saturday. September 23. IVfl
PP AMKRTPA MARC. Wednesday. Oct. 17. IJXV)
SS. HON'GKOXO MARTT Tues.. Nov. 13. 1900
Via Honolulu. ,
Round-trip tickets at redu«<l rates. T"or
frelpht and passage apply at rompany*a Offlce,
421 Market street, comer of First.
W. H. AVERT. General Acctrt.
AMERICAN LINE.
irsxrTORi: scu?*«itrPTON Nmw* p«ri
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York Everv Wednesday, la a. tb
St. raul Sept. S'fSt. Paul Oct H
St. Louis Oct. 3 St. Louis Oct *»
N>w York Oct. I'M New York Oct. h
RFD STAR LINE. ,IA
York and Antwern.
From N<?w Ycrk Evpn\V»"?in?s(l3y. 12 boob
Noordtond 9<»pf. y\ TCesternland ....Ort 0
Frlesland Oct. 3 K.'nslntjton . Oct 't
South-wark Oct. 10' Noerrilund .. Oc* ?
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO "
'. - > 2t > Montgomery Street.
":0H?AGVIS 6ENVRAT.T! TRAXSATtAHTi;- :
DTRKCrr LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. -^*~
SailinK every Thurydav. lnst<*a-1 of " ¦
Saturday. fr,;m November 2. 1S5?. at •&"**
1^ a. m.. frcm Pier 42. Xorth River, fxrt '
Morton street. T,A LORRAINF. Sept. ?v ' \
rHAMPAGNK. Sept. 27: LA TOTTRMNE. n '¦
*¦ L'AQflTAINE. Oct. 11. First e!a«* t>
Havre. CO and upward. Second c!.i*> '
Havre. VZ and upward: 5 per cert redad '
rn round trin. GENERAL AC KNOT K :
1'NITKD STATES ind CANADA S2 B««n*»
(Hi«l?cn buil'tin?>. New York. .T. F. FCOAT"
& CO.. raciflc Coast Agents, 5 JJontgoia
avenue, San Francisco.
0CKAX1C 9. S. CO.-UOSOT.V1.V, APIA
AUCKLAND AM) SYDNEY.
S. S. AUSTRALIA Olnnolnla only)
"Vv>dne^day. Sept. 19, ? P ' n
S. S. MOAN'A 'via Honnluluj, tr> New Ze\
lnnd and Australia Wed.. Oct. 3. S r>. "'
J. D. SPRECXELS & BROS. C6., Aqts.. 643 Market St.
Pier 7. Foot Pacifc St. Freiaht OtSce. 327 Mart'-t St.
JAY AND JRIVEB, STEAMERS.
FOB U^lAW^DA?iYAirEJfl4
Steamar "ATonticello.** A
MON'.. Tues.. TVed.. Thurs. and Sat. »t • >'•
a. m.. 3:13. S:30 p. m. (ex. Thura. ni«ht»; Fr.-
dtys. 1 p. m. ami S:30: Sundays. 10:30 %. rn.. *
p. m. Landing and office. Mission-street DuoX
Pier No. 2. Telephone Main 1303.
FARE , «c
AUCTION SAL^S
£*> AUCTION SALE 5V^
TUESDAY. Sept IS. at 11 o'clock, at 1C1 MAT..
KET ST.. of HT> Head of Broken and Unbroken
Horses, suitable for all purposes. This stoci
must and will be sold. S. WATKIXS,
£r^ 5^ 5>r>
AUCTION SALE by Electric Llsht TtTESDAY
EVENING September IS, 1900. at 7:00.
1C0 Head Splendid Horses. Stock now or. ex-
hibition. OCCIDENTAL HOUSE EXCHANGE.
721 Howard street. .Last Saturday night the number of reg- .
lstered voters in San Francisco was. 56,702.
It is figured at the headquarters of the
Republican State Central Committee that
18,000 voters are unregistered, hence vig
orous efforts will be put forward to in
duce every voter who has neglected to
re-register for the coming election to per
form the duty of registering at once. No
doubt voters who were properly on the
register at the last election and have not
since changed their places of residence |
think reregistratlon Is not necessary, but
the fact remains that the law iequlres
every voter to reregister for the general
election in November of this year.
In order to awaken business men to a
sense of their duty letters have been
mailed to the heads of mercantile and
manufacturing establishments so that em
ployers may afford employes every facility
to register. Following Is a copy of letter*
sent yesterday:
Dear Sir: Registration closes on "Wednesday,
September 26. Will you kindly Interest your
self and make It your business to urge upon
every Republican in your neighborhood to regis
ter once? The registration office at the City
Hall is open from 8:30 a. m. to 10 p. m. Devote
a little time to this. It is necessary to achieve
success. Respectfully.
, GEORGE STONE, Chairman.
W. M. CUTTER. Secretary.
Active and systematic work upon the
part of Republicans should result in the
enrollment of 18.000 additional names on
the register. The efforts, however, should
not be relaxed until every Republican
voter Is registered.
Campaign oratory is also engaging the
attention of the State Committee. Gov
ernor Gage will enter the .field as a
speaker. He will speak in San Francl3co.
San Jose, Fresno. Los Angeles, Sacra
mento, Stockton, Marysville, Santa Rosa
and Napa.
Irving M. Scott, George C. Perkins an«i
Samuel M. Shortrldge are listed for speak
ing tours. Mr. Scott will be busy trying
out the battleship Wisconsin Tor two
weeks. When that duty Is performed he
will be ready to take the platform for
McKlnley and Roosevelt. Joseph Camp
bell is on the list of orators and will speak
under the auspices of the State Commit
tee.
D. E. McKinlay spoke at Yreka last
night. He will address the people of Sia
sons to-night. He will Journey down the
Sacramento Valley, speaking at Duns
muir, Redding, Anderson and Red BlufJ.
Samuel M. Shortridge will entertain ana
Instruct the citizens of Fresno next
Thursday evening. His tour embraces
Bakersfleld Los Angeles. Pasadena, San
Diego, Santa Barbara. San Luis Obispo,
Santa Cruz and San Jose.
J. A. Barham and Judson Brusie will
speak at Santa Cruz next Saturday night.
The Democrats are preparing to send a
host of orators to the front. The cam
paign will be opened in every county seat
next Saturday night. The big event oi
the opening will be the meeting at the
Mechanics' Pavilion In this city. Exten
sive preparations have been made to give
a great reception to Charles A. Towne.
There will be music, campaign songs and
fireworks.
In response to a notice sent out by John
R. Hlllman. flrst vice chairman of the Re
publican County Committee, a conference
of anti-boss Republicans was held at
Bhiels Hall last evening. Twenty-five
'delegates to the convention, together with
members of the committee of eighteen,
composed the conference.
The meeting was executive, but the
statement was freely made at the ad
journment that the topics discussed re
lated to the permanent organization of
the convention. It was the sense of the
conference that the convention had been
discredited by the election of a temporary
chairman chosen by Martin Kelly. The
sentiment was expressed that Bergerot
was so Identified with Crimmins and
Kelly that the great mass of Republican
citizens would have no respect for or con
fidence in a convention over which he
presided, therefore it was advocated that
reorganization be demanded. Reference
was made to the committee on credentials,
which Bergerot appointed after consulta
tion with Kelly, Crimmins, Burns, Lynch,
Goldberg and Dibble. A review of the list
showed that the committee was composed
of eleven boss and four anti-boss dele
gates.
There will be another conference at
Shlels Hall to-morrow night. Every dele-
Clean Republicans Resolve They
• Will Spurn Schemes of Com
promise With Bosses.
gate opposed to boss rule Is Invited to
attend. There is no doubt that the caucus
will take steps to select a chairman other
than Bergerot. It is clearly understood
that the Republicans of San Francisco
will spurn nominations made by a boss
convention. If the delegates fall to re
pudiate the bosses, the voters will repu
diate the ticket put forward by the con
vention. It was said frankly last night
that the convention should be absolutely
anti-boss or openly a boss-controlled body.
In ev*ry district of San Francisco the
good citizens of Republican faith are ad
vocating an open walk-out if the conven
tion is not wrested from boss control.
The strength of the anti-boss element in
the convention will be determined by the
caucus to-morrow night. The vote cast
for Kelly and Crlmmlns candidates was
reported at 105, but it Is now known that
Kelly's men In voting under the unit rula
made improper announcement. Votes cast
for James A. "Wilson under the unit rulo
were not tallied as Bouvler ordered the
roll called. A fair showing of strength
will not give Kelly and Crimmins 105
votes. This fact is known and commented
upon by delegates who are anxious to or
ganize the convention In a manner cred
itable to the Republican party
BERGEROT ISSUES HIS
LIST OF COMMITTEES
Republican Convention Chairman
Asks That Members Purge Them
selves of Partisan Peelings.
P. A. Bergerot, temporary chairman of
the Republican County Convention, haa
Issued his list of committee appointments.
Chairman Rergerot declares that the
committees are entirely of his own selec
tion and that they were chosen after con
sultation with various members of the
two factions which participated in the
temporary organization of the conven
tion, with a view to secure harmony and
a better understanding In the party In
the Interest of Republican success. He
also asks that the members of the com
mittee on credentials divest themselves
of all feelings of partisan or factional
strife and to be guided In the discharge
of their functions solely by a dealre to
bring unity of action and purpose in the
convention as a whole.
The committees are expected to meet
not later than to-morrow evening at the
call of their respective chairmen. Fol
lowing Is the list of appointments:
Committee en credentials —C. W. Oreen. chair
man; Twenty-eighth Assembly District, J. II.
Lennon; Thirtieth, Jamea Gllleran; Thlrty
flrst. H. J. McMahon; Thirty-second. J. Hoey:
Thirty-fourth. Ralph L. Hathorn. by request
of Mr. Center; Thirty-fifth, F. O. Sanborn;
Thirty-sixth. Frank French: Thlrty-Boventh. T.
V. Maxwell: Thirty-eighth, E. J. Sharp:
Thirty-ninth. G. H. Wells: Fortieth, William
Wilkinson: Forty- flr»t. William A. Sexton;
Forty-fourth, E. C. Amedee; Forty-flfth, T. R.
Evans.
Committee on permanent organization and
order of business—O. H. W. Dinkelsplel. chair
man: Twenty-eighth Amwmbly DUtrlct, J. II.
Daly: Thirtieth. J. T. Kelly; Thlrty-nr*t. I>.
Sullivan: Thirty-second, J. Lucey: Thirty
fourth. J. C. Tittle: Thlrty-flfth. Joseph Mc-
Tigue; Thirty-sixth. J. L. Nasrle; Thlrty-sov
enth. J. O. Gilbert: Thirty-eighth, A. W. Mr-
Elroy; Thirty-eighth. J. F. ClarSt; Thirty
ninth. S. A. White; Fortieth. A. C. Kulofson;
Fortieth. Felix Merzbach; Forty-first. O. II.
AV. Dinkelsplel: Forty-flrst. E. J. Attrtdge;
Forty-second. T. t>. Rtordan: Forty-fourth. A.
J. Doniiero: Forty-flfth. S. J. Robertson.
Commute* on platform and resolutions-
Thomas P. "Woodward, chairman: Twenty
elshth Assembly District, W. F. Witzeman;
Thirty-eighth. W. II. Pratt; ThlrtlPth. Wil
liam M. Page; Thirty-first. E. Price Jr.;
Thirty-second. J. F. Ah«n; Thirty-eirhth.
Frank Robb; Thirty-fourth, II. X. Peatty;
Thirty-fifth. H. O. Punker; Thirty-sixth. M.
J. Guilfoyle: Thirty-seventh. E. I>. Chrtsttn;
Thlrty-elfchth. A. W. Liechtl; Thlrty-ntnth.
XV. H. Bodflsh: Fortieth. Thomas P. Wool
ward; Forty-flr«t. Robert A. Orler: Forty-iw
on<1. H. W. Hutton; Fortieth. Lucius Pnlo
mon: Forty-fourth, Frank Marinl; Forty-flfth.
; A. Crocker.
German Republican Meeting.
The German Republican Club will hold
a. meeting this evening at Odeon Hall, S
O'Farrell street. Dr. Ed Markbreiter. a
well-known German orator of Chicago,
who has been engaged by the State Cen
tral Committee for the campaign, will ad
dress the meeting.
DUTY OF THE DAY
IS TO REGISTER
Neighbors came quickly to the rescue
and the sufferers were carried to tho
"Webbers near by. Drs. H. 8. Kergan and
W. W. Kergan were summoned. The fire
men came, but the house waa gutted be
fore the flames were quenched. Mrs. Klier
was unconscious and at* times very
flighty. She was very badly burned about
the face, head. neck, limbs and body. Her
condition is critical. The police have
taken charge of the caae and detectives
are looking for the burglars.
Mrs. KHer had been out to a neighbor's
house and left -her three children up
stairs In bed at home. She returned at
7:30 o'clock and found the whole hous..
upset. Screaming she ran out crying that
the place had been robbed. She discov
ered that her jewelry was gone. X rear
window opening Into a dining-room had
been forced open and the burglars entered
i.iat way. It is supposed they were
frightened off by Mrs. Klier's return and
dropped a bit of lighted candle In a cor
ner where it smoldered for three hours.
About 10 o'clock Mrs. KHer smelled smoke
while she was Hitting upstairs writing to
her husband. She opened a door leading
to a back stairway, and a~ burst of llama
drove her back. The frightened woman
rushed for her children, and. grabbing
them, tried to fcrce her way downstairs
but the fire waa blazing high and drove
her back, burning all of the helpless ones
severely. Then the mother rushed to tho
front window, threw out a mattress and
dropped her babies, one by one. to the
ground twenty-five feet below her. She
then Jumped herself, but not until her
clothing was afire.
The flames swept upon them so quickly
that despite her spartan act. th© mother
and her children were badly burned, an-l
Tlllle besides had her right arm broken.
Worst of all the flames that Imperiled
these lives and destroyed the dwelling are
believed to have been started by burg
lars, who, a short time before the fire
broke out. had entered the house, ani
after ransacking it, stole a gold watch,
rings and all other valuables the family
possessed. To add to the misery, the hus
band and father. Frank Klier. an expert
musical Instrument maker, employed by
Sherman. Clay & Co., Is In San Francisco,
just recovering from a long siege of se
vere Illness.
Mrs. Frank Klier and her three young
children— Tillie, aged 8; Annie, aged 6. and
Frank, aged 4. years— escaped being burned
to death In their blazing dwelling at 1421
Third street only by the heroic mother's
action in throwing: her babies and herself
from second-story wlndpw.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
1118 Broadway. Sept. 17.
Mrs. Klier Drops Little Ones
From Window of Blaz
ing House.
CHILDREN SAVED
BY A MOTHER'S
HEROIC ACTION
Decide to Consolidate Northern and
Southern Jurisdictions of the
Association.
The third annual convention of tho
National Association of Master Plumbers,
northern Jurisdiction, was» held in this
city on the 13th, 14th and 15th inst. Dele
gates from the southern Jurisdiction were
Invited to be present, and after discussion,
It was decided to consolidate. The fol
lowing were elected State officers:
President. J. E. Britt of San Francisco;
vice president, T. J. Stevens of Los An
geles; treasurer. \V. F. Wilson of San
Francisco: secretary. J. L. C. Flrmin of
San Francisco: sergeant-at-arms, '. J. T.
Johnson of San Diego: A. E. Vesper of
Pasadena and Thomas Hoverty of Ix>3
Anzeles. members of executive committee.
MASTER PLUMBERS MEET
"•' IN ANNUAL CONVENTION
band gave efficient service, while the
presence of hundreds of co-eds added color
U* the pleasing demonstration.
Ralph T. Fisher, president of the Asso
ciated Students, was chairman. "This
evening is to be devoted to football," said
President Fisher, "and we shall hear from
speakers along that line."
J. W. S. Butler made some encouraging
remarks. Professor Thomas R. Bacon
represented the good will of the faculty.
He said:
"Every time I open a morning paper I
nm Interested to observe the new constel
lation of stars that is colleclng around
Palo Alto. According to scientific law
nothing happens by chance. This constel
lation, however, is a collection of fallen or
falling stars. We do not need an expla
nation of , their origin but of their end.
They are wandering stars consigned to
darkness forever."
Professor Bacon closed by speaking of
the growth of college spirit in the Univer
sity of California and what it meant for
athletics and for the institution.
Regent Georpe C. Pardee told the stu
dents that "rooting" was what encour
aged tho football champions. Coach
Kelly modestly said he was glad of the
privilege to -work with the team.
Bernard Miller, the Glee Club and Elmer
Harris contributed some numbers. Then
Reno Hutchinson, the graduate manager,
talked finances. He said:"
"To get ready money season tickets will
be sold to all the football games except
tho meet with Stanford. The students
are asked to sign cards -pledging them
selves to purchase the tickets."
'This evening at Harmon Gymnasium
there was a big time in honor of "King"
Kelly. College songs, yells and other va
rieties of noise known only to Uip youn»j
collegian greeted the Princeton star. The
BERKELEY, Sept. 17.— "With a wild
whoop-up by 1000 enthusiastic stu
dents the football season of the
University of California was for
mally opened to-day. Headed by Presi
dent Benjamin Ide Wheeler and Coach
Addison W. Kelly, with an escort of 500
shouting students, fifty candidates for
gridiron honors marched to the campus
this afternoon and had their first practice
line-up. After tho several squads had
been worked lightly for half an hour they
retired.
THE PRINCETON STAR WHO HAS BEEN BROUGHT FROM THE EAST AND UNDERTAKEN TO MAKE THE
BERKELEY ATHLETES INVINCIBLE ON THE GRIDIRON AND THE PRESIDENT OF THE ASSOCIATED
STUDENTS OF THE UNIVERSITY OP CALIFORNIA.
STOCKTON, Sept. 17.— Jamea Wasley, a
pioneer resident of Linden, died yesterday
at his home in that town, at the age of
SI years. The deceased was one of tho
best-known residents of the San Joaquin
Valley. He came to Wisconsin from Eng
land in 1S36, and to California in. 1849.
Here he at once commenced mining in
El Dorado County. In 1S51 he settled on
the present filte of the town of Linden.
He made that his home up to the time of
Ills death. Mrs. Wasley died forty-six
years ago- A non, Thomas Wasley, and
two sisters, Mrs. Rylerson of Ventura and
Mrs. Halfey of Oakland, survive the de
ceased. ;'..'!.;
James Wasley of linden.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAX JOSE, Sept. 17.-Chrlstian Field
ptead, a pioneer of 1849, died at his home
in College Park last night. Deceased
was a native of Norway and 78 years of
age. He rounded the Horn in 1849. He
had been a resident of this county since
1S>3. A wife survives him.
Christian Fieldstead.
EjwlaJ r>Jsrateh to The CalL
VALLEJO, Sept. 17.— William J. Costl
pan. who died this morning, was well
known in this city and county and for
years was in public life, holding the ofilce
of county clerk. I>ater he was clerk of
the circuit court of which Judge McKen
na of the "upreme Court was once Judge.
William J. Costigran.
IIALFMOON BAY, Sept. 17.— J. C. Ben
nett was found dead in his home here to
day. He was a native of Philadelphia,
flfred 76 years and had lived in this valley
for forty years. Death was due to .old
oge.
J. C. Bennett.
&he &atj 9 s &ead \
Mayor Phel&n wrote a communication
yesterday to Presiding JudRe Hahrs of
tho Superior Court calling- his attention
to the nece??ity for improvement in the
frrvice of the latexprten in the Police
Courts. The Mayor sayp that there Is a
necessity for the employment of a Japan
<-p« interpreter, as the Japanese and Chi
nese offenders are the most numerous.
He advises the dropping of one of the
other Interpreters of foreipn languages
n,nd the rearrangement of the duties of
The Interpreters to suit tlie necessities of
Th* criminal husineys of the Police Courts.
Need of a Japanese Interpreter.
The deceased architect had been In poor
health for some time. He was a. native of
England, and leaves a wife and a fam
ily of crown children. Coroner Mehr
mann will hold an inquest over tho re
mains to-morrow evening-.
OAKLAND. Sept. 17.— Excitement at
tendant upon the celebration of his flfty
first birthday caused the death of Albert
E. Cobby, a. well-known architect, at an
early hour this morning. I>ast evening
the deceased entertained a number of
guests at dinner in honor of the anniver
sary. He retired at his usual hour, but
when a. servant went to <-all him this
morning it was found that in attempting
to rise he had fallen, presumably after
a stroke of apoplexy, and expiv-ed.
BIRTHDAY ANNIVERSARY
BROUGHT ON HIS DEATH
That the Influence of the Fair ostate
millions will be used to secure the release
¦was made plain yesterday when it was
anr.wnoed that ex-fJovernor James H.
liudd would be associated with Judg-e D.
J. Murphy in the defense. Ex-Governor
Uudd was retained br the Fair estate dur
inj? the hearing- of Mrs. Craven's applica
tion for a family allowance.
Arpxmrr.t on a. motion to quash tho In
dictments charging Adolph Sylva with
Fuhornation of prrjury and Oeorge W.
Simplon with perjury will be hea.rd by
Ju'5g<s Cook next Saturday.
FAIR ESTATE TO AID
SIMPTON AND SYLVA
WILD ENTHUSIASM MARKS
OPENING FOOTBALL WORK
WHAT HAPPENED TO THE
MEN WHO ASPIRED TO
WEAR A GLEAMING STAR.
thur C. Ftirey, j. J. Farrell. J. P. Flannery,
C. E. Goodell, Thomas S. Gcldlnsr, John OI1
dea, M. C. Goneal**. Richard A. Grant, Frank
William Glllen. W. J. Green, C. B. Groat.
James AV. Grecnlee.
"finest," who were measured and tested
last nisht:
Frank Anjrelovleh. William H. Augustine.
Herman Allarl, A. F. Breslin, Thady Begley,
Penis Buckles'. John S. Barrett. John D. Barry,
Charles H. Bush, F"rancisco J. TJarry. John B.
Berrie, F. C. C. Hertelsen. James Bruce, H. R.
Bohm. Li. C. Buckley. J. D. Kid well. J. C.
Brosnan, Harry Harriett, G. \V. Blum. Fred
erick Hrunemnn. L. J. B«cker. John Barnes.
X. J. Barry. W. T. Boyd. "W. G. Brown. David
B. Boltcn, W. J. Cavanatth, R. A. Coulter.
R. S. Cunningham, C. A. Carlson, D. J. Coak
ley, R. A. Curtin. W. H. ("lay, H. W. Crowley,
W. II. Coyle, J. J. Cameron, T. A. Oasserly,
John P. Cooney. W. T. Cleary. Edward H.
Cunningham, John J. Clancy, David J. Cralg,&
E. J. Casey, J. J. F. Clancy. Thomas Conway,
William N. Celnar, William N. Collljjan. J. P.
Collins. T. F. Cachin. B. M. Clancy, O. A.
Crandall. William pppmond, Robert Dower.
William Deaiie. Alexander Donaldson. John E.
Dolun. F. W. Dxinctnp, William O. Davis. B.
J. Dowd, T. M. Daly, Wlllinm Dennlston.
Frederick Dnuerhelm, H. P. Drader. F. J. Dun
ham. M. J. Palton. Mi D. Delaney, Martin
Dahovlch. Frank de Grancourt. James C.
Daley, G. W. Downing. M. F. Davock, J. T.
Doyle. William Erickson, E. T. Edwards, Ed
P. Fitzgerald, James P. Foirarty, Fred L. Fun
pcr, Harry P. Foley, F. H. Flynn, Joseph A.
Foparty. P. J. Fol»y. J. J. Frledrlchs. T._ W.
1 he men at work in the fields are being
kept under close surveillance for fear of
further such outrages. While most of the
workers are honest men, many hard char
acters manage to obtain employment, and
it is difficult to weed them out.
Coughlin has no clew to his assailants
and dues not know whether the assault
was prompted by motives of robbery or
revenge. He is badly ufcI up as a result
of his encounj.tr, and is inclined to think
that he was set upon in the dark by
friends of Miller, who wanted to revenge
themselves upon him for the part he took
In the capture of the murderer.
"I waa making my regular rounds," said
Coughlin to-day, "when 1 heard soft foot
falls behind me. The next instant I was
struck on the back of the head with some
blunt instrument. Being stunned by the
blow, I fell to the ground. How long I
remained there I don't know, ikit when I
came to no one was in sight. My watch
and pistol were gone, however. I had no
means of identifying the men, as it was
pitch dark at the time. They may have
been friends of Miller."
TLEASAXTOX. Sept. 17,-Patrick
Coughlin, the aped watchman who, after
a desperate duel in the dark last Satur
day nig-ht, captured "William Miller, the
murderer of Janu-s McFarland. was bru
taJly assaulted last night while making
his rounds of the Pleasanton Hopyards
Company's premises. He was knocked
down by a Mow from behind, and while
he lay unconscious his gold watch, pistol
and whatever other valuables he carried
were stolen from' his pockets.
Patrick Coughlin Robbed of
Gold Watch and Other
Valuables.
THUGS WAYLAY
A WATCHMAN AT
THE HOPYARDS
Oakland Office San Franc'.sco Call,
111S Broadway. Sept. 17.
<"" rnzed by grief. Albert Cornell made a
<*'«PTate attempt to commit suicide this
..::• rnocn when he saw the mangled re
rr.air.s of h!s five-year-old son. Elmer,
lying on the tracks in the West Oak-
Laad railroad yards, where the child had
• • !i run over and killed by a Southern
j .' ific work train.
A', p<ril to himself. W. I. A very, a
Boutncm Pacific watchman, prized the
fr< :.7.'.f<i father, who had pulled a knife
liota his pocket and waa hacking his
wrists, moaning and wailing in his half
crazed condition. The father fought like
n madman, but was at last subdued, his
i • - ri-edfjed weapon being taken from
: ::;. A very was almost drenched with
I :::cir« blood. Friends pot him away
r m tho? <]r<-adful scene and had physi
cians to attend his wounds at his resl
v • :.• o, £12 Henry street.
The boy's death occurred In the rail
• i yards at First and Center streets.
Hit l>ody lying face downward upon the
tracks and crushed across the abdomen
v. as discovered almost immediately after
.i vrrk train, composed of a long line of
f.at cars, had passed. A very saw the
Lad a short time before the accident and
. ¦ : warned him against playinp about
th« tracks. The watchman got the
b y*j r.amo and address, saying he want
ed to have the parents notified to keep the
child away.
Crazed Parent Slashes His
Wrists at Sight of
Dead Son.
FATHER, SEEING
CHILD MANGLED,
SEEKS DEATH
by that paper for the best literary pro
duction. open to all students. Miss East
man is a graduate of the Marysville High
School and Is a popular society girl
here.
Miss Eastman Is widely known for her
Jiterary work. She Is at present associate
c-«".itor of tho Da'.ly Californian and has
cone much writing for the Occident, the
college weekly. She won a prize offered
YOUNG LADY STUDENT WHO HAS JUST BEEN
ELECTED PRESIDENT OF THE SENIOR
CLASS OF THK UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA
AROUND hundred of all sorts of
male humans posed In the "alto
gether" before the Police Commis
sioners and Chief of Police Sullivan
and eight doctors in the old wheelmen's
room of the Olympic Club last night. All
these hundred men who submitted to
poking- and pinching and "Does that
hurt?"' accompanied by digs in the ribs,
aspire to some day wear a star.
Drs. Artlgues, M. Herzsteln, J. C
Hirschfe'.der. E. C. Kelly. P. S. Palmer'
Georpe H. Powers, "W. F. Southard and
G. M. Terrill were nil on hand, armed
with all kinds of instruments to test a
man's fitness to be a "cop." Deputy
clerks from the Recorder's and the Coun
ty Clerk's office stood around, "clothed in
a little brief authority," and held up
astonishing charts which none of the ap
plicants could make head or tail of.
Off In the corner of tho room the ap
plicants stripped and then gave them
selves over to the tender mercies of the
examiners. Hardly had a candidate
stepped off the weighing machine when a
piece of steel hit him on the top of the
head. He turned to remonstrate and bo
held a smilinp clerk taking his height.
Then Dr. McNutt came up and soon the
aspirant, by this time shivering with cold
and nervousness, was told he could go.
One little item on the application blank
stayed many an otherwise would-be "cop"
from putting in an appearance. It read:
"If the waist measure exceeds that of tho
chest applicant will be rejected."
At last night's examination Police Com
missioners Mahoney, Newhall and McNutt
were present. Edward Moran of the civil
service acted as chief examiner, and had
a busy time of It. There are 300 applicants
for positions on the police force and they
will be physically examined In squads.
The crucial test, however, will come on
October 3, when the ambitious have to
pass a written examination, this being
the final test. Many a man who passed
muster last night will fall down woefully
on that day. and those ¦whose •waists were
tried and found smaller than their chests
may weep for "what might have been."
Here are the names of the would-bo
Miss Elsie YVIlkir
s o n : executive
committee. Miss;
Annie L. Holmes. ;
Miss Florence E.
Hoyt. Miss Anna |
F. White, C S. I
Carlson and Ulrlch
Graff.
Following is the
result of the ba'.
loting: President.
Miss Muriel East
man; first vice
president. M 1 s 3
Brownie Brownel".;
second vice presi
dent. Miss Lou
Irene de Yo; secre
tary. Miss Edith
Gaddls: treasurer.
Miss Rita Beatt> :
sergeant at arm.-.
BE RKELEY.
Sept. 17.— Miss
Muriel East
man was elect
ed president of the
senior class of the
University of Cal
ifornia to-day.
This was in accord
ance with the col
lege custom which
gives the senior
offices to young
women during the
first half of th~
year. The election
was close, Ml.is
Eastman winning
by but one vote
over Miss Ruby
Morse.
Miss Muriel Eastman Is Chosen
Leader by University Class
mates — Other Officers.
SENIORS SELECT
THEIR PRESIDENT
BERKELEY. Sept. 17.-The Berkeley
High School eleven defeated the Oakland
High School team this afternoon at foot
ball by a score of 17 to 0. The game was
played on the Boone Academy grounds.
Oakland Itefeated.
Walter B. Steele. an employe of the Con
sumers' Gas Company, while taking water
out of a pipe in a house at Montgomery
avenue and Stockton street yesterday af
ternoon," was overpowered by gas. He
was taken to the Receiving Hospital In
the ambluance in an unconscious condi
tion, but stoon recovered.
Overpowered by Gas.
The Southern Pacific freight boat Thor
oughfare was sunk at her moorings In
the Peralta-street . slip, Oakland, whilo
taking on coal at about 11 o'clock last
night. The accident M-as a peculiar one
in that it is not known whether the oil
boat sprung a leak or was forced to the
bottom because she was overloaded. She
suddenly began to settle, In the water and
went down until the water waa flush with
her deck. Her stern rested in the soft
mud at the bottom of the slip, h^r bow
' being still afloat. The accident is not
'regarded as serious., and it is expected
that the boat will be floated by 9 o'clock
this morning. She will probably have to
go on the drydock before the exact cause
of the sinking and the full extent of the
damage sustained by her can bo definitely
determined.
FREIGHT FERRYBOAT
THOROUGHFARE SINKS
Last Saturday evening the delegates
and their friends attended a grand, ball
and banquet at Golden Gate Hall. The
next convention will be held at Los Ange
les.
The old State officers will serve until
the consolidation of the two jurisdictions
Is approved by the national executive
committee.
Miss Jennie M. Heaton's claims to the
estate of her alleged father, the late War
ren D. Heaton. were heard to-day by
Judge Greene, before whom she appeared
In support of her petition for letters of
administration. The hearing lasted all
day. most of the testimony being that of
witnesses produced by Miss Heaton In
an attempt to prove that she is the law
ful child and next of kin of the late
capitalist.
A number of persona who had known
Heaton in Placer County before his first
marriage had been summoned. The testi
mony of all bore out In substance the al
legations of Jennie M- Heaton that »he is
Warren D- Heaton's daughter. The
stories told by the up-country witnesses
all bore traces of what was evidently
lonK ago a choice morsel for the gosslpa
of the little town of Lincoln. Placer
C Mrs t . y Matilda Hodgklns If Lincoln, an
ola and Intimate friend of the Heaton
family, told the court of the gossip cre
ated by the attentions of Warren D.
Heaton to Mrs. Mary May. a widow re
siding near town. Mrs. May. she said,
afterward became Heaton s wife. airs.
Hodgkins knew of the existence of the
caild Jennie, and always heard Heaton
acknowledge her as his own. -- ¦'-.-»
Charles Gibson, who drove a butcher
wagon at Lincoln about the time that
Jennie Heaton was born, described his
visits to the May ranch with supplies.
He first saw Jennie Heaton when she was
about a year and a half old. This was
at the May ranch.
"One day while talking with Heaton."
said th« witness. "I Jokingly asked him
about the little tfirl. I asked him if she
was his child. He answered, "She is my
daughter. I recognize her as my child.'
I saw the little one many times after
this n.nd Heaton always acknowledged her
as his daughter."
Another witness who knew Heaton at
Lincoln a number of years agp was Dr.
H. J. Plomteaux, now of this city. Dr.
Plomteaux often heard Heaton declare
Jennie to be his daughter. He did not
know who her mother was.
"Mr. Heaton and his first wife, who was
Mrs. May. always treated Jennie as their
daughter." concluded the witness.
Jennie M. Keaton was examined In her
own behalf. She could not remember
where she was born or the date. The
first place she remembered was Wheat
land. Placer County. Said she:
"Mr. Heaton always called me hl»
child. I was raised by his first wife.
whom I always called mother. After his
second marriage my stepmother and her
daughter made things so disagreeable for
me that I was forced to leave .home. I
was always Introduced by Mr. Heaton as
'my daughter Jennie/ "
The hearing was continued until Friday.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
1118 Broadway, Sept. 17.
Placer County Gossip of
Years Ago Is Revived
in Court.
WITNESSES SAY
JENNIE IS W. D.
HEATON'S CHILD
In 1S73 & silver dollar waa worth one dollar
and six-tenths In irold. In 18TS. elghty-nlno
cents; in 1SS3, eight-five cent?; In 1SS8. seventy
two cents; in 1S93. sixty cents and in 139* forty
fiv# cents. Money may depreciate but ther* la
on* standard stomach remedy, which haa not
changed In half a century, and that la lies
tetter's Stomach Bitters. It always has been
the one unsurpassed remedy for Indigestion.
dyspepsia, liver or kidney trouble*.
Depreciation of Money.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 18, 1900.
Round Hundred Police Force Applicants Submit
to All Sorts of Ordeals for the Sake
of the Uniform.
MANY MEN OF MANY MINDS, BUT
ALL HAVE ASTRAL AMBITIONS
9
MAINZ. Germany. Sept. 17.— The Congress of
Social Democrats opened here to-day in the
town hall. Herr Singer, the well-known so-
cialist leader and member of the Reichstag-,
was elected president, and Herr Uirich. also a
member of the Relchstat, wai elected vice
precldent. Herr Bebel wai Indisposed and was
absent from the meetine.
Dawson to Skagway, Alaska, by
BICYCLE ICE TRIP.
Bicycle.
E. P. Leroy, a newspaper correspon-
dent, was the' first or.e to make a trip
successfully from Dawson to Slogway
( 550 miics) over the ice on a bicycle.
He was eight days on the way and en-
rr.untercd one of the heaviest sno.v-
¦ rms of the reason. He comments on
the universal fact that men in the Arc-
lic climate have scurvy and stomach
trouble because of poorly cooked food.
He says when he fir=t went to Alaska
he had a pood stomach, but it finally
gave out. and one day in his search for
fotnethins: that a man withotit an appe-
tite conW eat he came across some pack-
i^cs of Grape-Xuts food. He knew of
the food and its value and was willing
to pay quarter of an ounce of cold dust
C$4 oo) for one package.
He says: "I can assure you the satis-
faction of getting something I could cat
and Ripest without Euflerinir was well
worth the price. As soon as it ha<l
proven to be just what I wanted I
bought the whole lot, and from that dav
to this Grape-Xuts food has constituted
mv chief article of diet.
""I find that Grapc-Xuts is miicklv
picked tin as soon as a new lot comes to
camp. There is r.othirijr known that
rjvcs the miner and frontiersman the
strengths v.ith so . little volume, as
Grape-Nuts food, and it is always rcadv
for BScJ beinpr perfectly cooked, and ran
be eaten dry or with a little cream, milk,
or water, hot or cold, iust cs a nvm
likes. I could not have taken anv food
that vrouM have carried me throuerh my
lonf? jotimev on the ice so well as
Grspe-Nuts."
GRAPE-NUTS.
BACTtAMENTO. Sept. 17.— James Grady. all&a
Brady, was to-day sentenced by Judga Hart
to four years" Imprisonment at Folsom for a
burtlary committed at Gait.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER'. 18, 1900.
10
SAX FRANCISCO CALL.
BtTSTXESS OFFICE of The San Francisco *•
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
rntll 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES-C27 Montgomery «tr*et.
eorrer Clay; open until 9:S9 p. m. ¦ Jj
SCO Hay ps etreet; open until J:S9 p. ta.
CSS McAllister street; open until »:S3 p. m.
CIS Larkin rtreet; open until S:SO p. m.
»<1 Mission etreet: open until 10 p. m.
CO. Market street, comer Sixteenth; open
trrt!l lr.ii
SOS Eleventh street; open until » p. m.
J??6 Valencia street; open until 9 p. m.
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky streets; open until 9 p. m.
MEETING NOTICES. -
ING Sept. IS. at T:3(i o'clock. Stated TEZT
meeting and R. A. degree. Tiy order ' *
of theJL^I*. FUANKLIX II. DAY. See.
COLDr..v"cATE Lodge No. 30. F. and M C
A. M.-M«tire THIS (Tl"ESDA\l J%m
F-VENIN<;. at 7;30 o 1 clock. D. L By /t/T
order of W. M. ' -
EDWTN L. METER. Secretary, i j
CIRIEXT.U. Lodce No. 14*. F. and A ¦ -
SL— Ftnt degree THIS (TUESDAY) I *
EVENING sit 7:0 o'clock. 7fe»^
A. S. HUBBARD. See, /V» -
ORIENTAL Lodge No. 14*. F. and A. ¦
M. — Officers an«l mcmbfrs are request- # T
«>d to attend the funeral of the late /V>\
ALBERT B. COBBY from the Masonic ' y
Temple. WEDNESDAY. Sept. 19. at 1 o'clock
o. m. Master Masons, relatives and friends
are cordially Invited.
A. S. HITBBARP. Sec.
If AGNOLIA Lodge No. C?. I. O. O. i
F.— Funeral detail meet Till? CzSlSSS-
DAT (Tuesday), at 9:30 a m. In ¦^"}"*- < fcc^"
cur hall to attend the funeral of _* "¦
cur late brother. OSCAR REINSTEIN. r
______ *
Members, please attend lrvige THIS EVEN-
ING to assist at initiation.
J. T. JONES. X. O.
FAMTTX POLACK. Secretary, t -
¦ x
A.GE3CTS WANTED.
ITF TO 550 Cal'y easily made by our Live Agents,
ir.en cr women. Felling our latest novelty, i
carr.ra'.m waterproof r.ecktles: Roods '.-ntlrely
rew and patented: arrr.ts delighted; sales un-
limited: what others do you c«.n do; write to-
<iay: F»cure «-xclu*slve territory; guarantfcil I _
best Filler. Address, with stamp. M. & M. • j
MANFG. CO.. Dept. C. fprinKfleld. Mass. j
WANTED- First-class corset agents: excellent j .
frarment : <juick p^ll^r; gooJ commissions. Ad- j j
rirrys box <354. Call. : I
%VANTEI>-TravellnK eslesman to sell oil stocks .
on Falary and con-mission: salary J40 per ]
rr.rr.th: we pay expenses. Address Box 2343,
Cai1 office.
AGENTS wll cur aluminum card ca?e» and j 1
eardf: circulars and samples free. Bunker j
T*rlnt!nr Co.. Pert. 21. Kar.«as City. Mo. j -
/GEXTf r>f aM'ity erwl IU4XllemM Jn life lr.«ur- i
ance. Call at room 101. ?!¦" Market, cor. Sixth. I -
WE handle rnwt novelties fcr acents. PA- ;
PIF1C AOKNTS' SrPPLT «'O- S461 18th st. } ¦
m ""• j 1
ASI'HALTCM HOOFIXG. ! .
J. PELTIER. e«rhalt rooflng. sidewalks; cellar J
ffirv* laid, rerrtlrod: postal. llSg Mission st. | .
ASTROLOGY.
JlIME. HICK^T. astrolmrlst; card reading; and <
p»1rr;»try. ">: hor^sc-'r^? c»st. l?a Mission.
ATTOIIXEYS AX LAW. ;
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty: private; j .
no fee without success; collections. G. W. j
HOTYE. ntty at law. tiO Market. cor.Stockton. |
2i. "IV. KING, attorney. 927 Market et.. room 627; j "
peneral i<racMce; moderate fees; consult, free.
FREE advice; divorc* laws, damages, estates, |
collections. J. A. Mitchell. 314 Montgomery, j
t\V-; no chsrpe unless successful. W. I
W. f»AVir>SON. V2T Market st., opp. Mason. I
L P. CLARK. Esin-4 Prrfckels blip.. S27 Mar- !
ket «.: consultation free; no fees In advance, | ,
CrETHK HERMAN J.. attorney. 5*7 Market | •
et., r. E23; cpen eve/. 7-J: consultation free, j
CHEAPEST and btst In America— The Weekly ,
Call. 16 rajres. sent to any address In ihe j
Vmt»vl Ftates or Canada one year for Jl. : .
r>a.l'5. j
II AT It CAUIXETS^
HOBINSON tS. 4-panel foldlns: door opens: firm .
• nd f»T^. XV. S. BBOBW. e»n. «^t.. 456 Ellin. ¦
BOARDING FUR CHILDREN.
LaX)Y with own home would like on* or two
null children to board; goo& care. 3218 Six-
teenth et. j
TOUNG coup!* with no children would like
to take a child to beard. Aiiireis box 374L
Call efflce.
BUSINESS CHA.NCES.
jt— 41IC0: SALOON with 10 furnished rocss, close !
to new Halt of Justice; place establ. many j
years and dolnc «• E»>d business; owner en- |
ra^ed otherwise cause of sale. Call R. G. j
•WILKE. IC4 Kearsy Ft.
>.— SALOON with 9 furnished rooms; rent $49;
place do'.m: a c->od business; in nelshbor-
clal Inach from 11 to 1 o'clock; a rare chance.
Call It. G. WILKE. Kearny b^
,A_-j;4iG: FALOON: estab. many years; half a
block north of Mason and Market: rent $75;
a flrst-claas. paying place; partners can't
asre« cause of Bale. Se« R. G. WILKE, 26ft
Keerry ft. v
.A.— *:OCf : COFFEE e*loon doing u «.irera«e I
tnirlnesa crt 140 per day: rent J7S: place lo- j
cated near Hall of Justice, on Kearny St.. j
ead will aiutle receipts In short time. Call R.
O. wiLKE. Wj Kearny Et.
>.— I4CC- RESTAURANT la wholesale district;-
doee to water front; a rood paying business
end rare business chance. Call R. O. WILKE,
164 Kearny »t.
'Jk.— 11100; CORNER crocery and bar; choicest
location In the Mission; rent $35; 4 living
rooms; place ect*b. years; owner. «. widow,
¦wur.ts to retire. Call R. O. WILKE, 26*»
Kearr.y st.
Jl— Clf'C; PALOON with building of 7 furnished j
rooms; long ground lease; close to Cnlon Iron
TVorks; place eetab. IS yeaxs and doing a first- 1
class paying business; owner leaving city, i
CaU K, G. WILKE, 26H Kearny et. j
>— SITS: GROCERY and bar. with three living
rooms; rent JI0; thickly settled neighborhood. !
••outh of Market St. Call R. G. WILKE, 26V*
Kearny st.
Jl— CORNER clpar more on Kearny st.; clear-
ing above JliO per month. Call R. G. WILKE.
I6V* Kearny st.
A— r.COO; PARTNER wanted in porter, stout
end Weiss bc-er brewery; lnvestlcate; a rare
chance. Call R. G. WILKE. %*j Kearny Bt.
Jl — DM0; BTATIONEIIV. notions and Ice cream
parlons. ronnect»d with general agency of all I
S. F. papers; also peneral agency of 2 steam )
lauufirles; ro opposition In either line; rent
KS; In lively business town across the bay.
r^rticulars H. <;. \VI1,KE. 26H Kearny st.
Jl PARTNER wanted in o>-ster and chophouse:
email C2j>'.!al: flrst-clas? prnporitlon; must be
a cook. Ai ply to M. LESS & CO., 7G5 Market.
$T75 — GROCERY and bar; rood location; south
rt Market; nir-^ livlnc rooms: cheap rent;
worth 1400: F^e It. M. LESS. 763 Market st. j
ITOft— WOOD and coal yard; cheap rent: good
paj'ifiK plare; old established; worth $.V)0; full
investigation: rare, chance. M. LESS. 7C5 Mkt.
lirsft— OOTtNER (rrocery and bar; most desira,bl« !
location in Western Addition: old estab. place;
larpe etock; fine fixtures. LESS. 7C5 Market.
A— FAY. FIFHER & CO.. have you lodging
bouses? Yes. what price? $300 up, any loca-
tion desir»-d: O rooms, S3G0; 10 rooms. »4jO: 10
rooms, new, JW*. fine; Vi rooms, bargain, $750;
27 rooms. JIOOn, snap; all fires, ail prices, all
new bargain: 1 : call and see us. 1022 Market.
"J4S0— SA LOON on Market et.: half price. Me-
LAVCHLIN & CO.. 777*4 Market St.
|TW— CORNER rrocery and bar: bargain; slck-
nna cause of cale, McLAUGHLLN - & CO..
777H Market Bt.
IF you are looking to buy & corner grocery,
saloon, cigar stand, branch bakery or any
business, call on us: It costs nothing to see
our list. A. E. SkiSf & Co.. 204 Montgomery.
JV>R rale — Al fsaloon In best of business quar-
ter: mercantile lunch; day business; only
S1S00; absolutely tood bargain; no agents.
MR. REMMER. 1C15 Market St.. bet. 7-J. 4-S.
VE have largest list of saloons, hotels, gro-
oerleo. cigar stores, etc. m tfie city. Call
6CHWEINHARD & CO.. 917 Market St.. be-
tween Fifth and FlxlU; telephone Mint 191L
A— RARE business opportunity; an old-estab-
lished well -paying restaurant for sale; can
seat 140 pecpl*": reason for eelllng. other busi-
ness. Arply *^A East et.. near Folsom.
M'ATCTED— J40.000. In sums from $50 upward. In
a. new enterprise; Investment guaranteed
uch.: •-' \ »s: write for Information. Address
box 22S4. Call ofHce.
FOR sale — A restaurant In a locality of three
car houses; established 12 years; a fine place.
for right party. Inquire 30C8 Mission et.,
butcher chop.
$375— DELICACY and canned good*, meat* and
provisions; clean fresh stock; pleasant rooms;
low rent. LAN'E & CO.. 865 Market st.
FRUIT store, hcree and wagon. 5 living room*:
cood location: BeJUng cheap on account of.
rlcknesa. Address box 49S8. Call office.
FOR BsJe— Klondyke Oyster ' House; money
maker; cause elekaesa. 126 Third st.. at 12 m.
OTETER and tamale grotto and ftna bar: estab.
12 years. EK. cor. T wenty-Zourth. and Folscst
nUSIXESS CHANCES — COXTIXTTED.
$700^ DRUG, stationery, notions millinery, etc.; B
town or MO; no opposition; $15 dally; rent Ui
opportunity for druggist or doctor. c
SlOCXV-Drug etore and doctor's practice; J200
monthly. KREDO & DUTTON. 36 Geary St. f
1500— DELICATESSEN; steady counter trade: G
t25 per day guaranteed; cheap rent-
COO— Delicatessen: $7 dally; trial given. -
KREDO & DUTTON. 36 Geary st.
A— USOO; COKNER grocery and bar; well estab- A
llshed; 'outside trade; fine locality; rare op-
portunlty. Box 4932. Call office. ¦
J300O— PARTNER: big money: business trans-
action; stand thorough Investigation. Call or
address 10SH Fell st.
$2500— PARTNER: something rich: honorable ~
business Investigate. 1211 Market st.
WANTED— Partner with $300 in a saloon: cen- .
I tor of city. Address box 33SL Call offlce.
YOUNO man with few hundred dollars would
eo partnership with honest party In some -
rmall business; references required. Box 3-od, E
Call office.
I GENTLEMAN located eight years in Philippine
Islands and China would like to meet gentla-
man with pome capital. Box 3725, offlce.
I FINE grocery store for sale: cash business; <-
j central location. Box 3717, Call offlce.
j POR sale— Delicatessen store at 2012 Mission
i St., near Sixteenth. _ ;
TWO stores to rent; one for restaurant, with
furniture: other for barber shop. 693 Fourth. -
PARTIES having capital to invest In large or
small amounts can secure a permanent invest-
ment which will pay net dividends from 15 to
40 per cent annually; fullest investigation; -
send for particulars. Address Fisheries, box I
1111. Call ofnce.
A NICE country hotel a short distance from
city doing good business: must sell on ac- -
count of death. Address Baden Hotel. South J
Ban Francisco. San Mateo County.
FOP. sale— SKOQ; an old-established horseshoe- I
Ing business, near city: Includes shop ana
tools-: averages 20 horses daily; first-class j -
price*: present owner wishes to retire. Au- j
dress box 4S23. Call office, for particulars. j _
JXCO— COAL and feed yard and express busl- j s
ness: 4 horses and 5 wagons; good building; m
living-rooms; long lease: excellent chance; -
pood location. ?S35 Sixteenth St. J
TO rent— For coal yard, milk depot, etc.; fine j
location: place Is entirely covered; contains S
stalls: rent only $15; water free. Inquire WM.
HENDR1CKSON Ac CO.. 614 Call building. -
BARBERS— For i»ale, first-class country shop.
| running 3 chairs and 6 bathrooms; everything \ .
I first class: price 1700. Address box 3356, Call. | j
j jyrflo— PARTNER wanted In old established i J
I business; must have a knowledge of hard- *
! ware Address box 4^2. Call office. .
FOR sale— On account of retiring from busl- '
Tfs%. a second-hand clothing store; an old- _
established stsnd. 507 Jackson, nr. Montgom y.
i YOUNG man acquainted in city, with some >
j capital; legitimate business. Box 37H. Call. -
! SALOON on Third et.. near Market. Particu- .
i lars D. S. Brewery, 315 Fulton st. .,
j J40O— CORNER grocery and bar, with 4 living
j rooms. 1111 Howard st., corner Langton.
1 FOR eale cheap: bakery baking I*i barrels:
j horse and wagen; good r-_son. Box 2339. Call. j
I FOK sale— 10 furnished rooms; all rented: rent
12 SO; price only 1150. Apply 106 Second St.
' FOR tale— Shoe store; small stock. HIS Rail-
road arc. Bay station, Alameda. j
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL & CO.. 412 Sacramento st. •
' CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2^)0 Flllmore st. .
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
| subscriptions has been established at 109o \ a-
I lencla st.
; LODGING-HOl'SBS FOR. SALE.
lO^ROOMaTvan Ness; corner; cheap.
i 13 room?: Eddy: sacrifice.
27 rooms; CVFarrell: bargain.
36 room*: Market; excellent chance.
1 44 rooms; Post; owner retiring.
" I EMERY & SMITH. 3 Eddy Et., cor. Market,
-I room L :
• A— 22-ROOM rocmlng-house; central * 100 /'
I 11-room house; JSOO down, balance easy.. 500
20-room houfe; first-class Ww) •
• , 11-roora house; in:<; 6-room flat 32j
, FISHER & CO.. 1032 Market st.
¦ i R. H. WINSTON * CO.. 1C26 Market st. | •
, ! IS rooms; rent SiO; clean house S.aO j I
46 rooms; rent ITS; Income $325............ 3uOO
47 rooms; rent $100: corner; clears U.5.... 1S00
129 rooms: terms to suit buyer 2000
• WAXT a house. 33 to 40 rooms, at a reasonable
' price for cash; no agents. Write W., box
1S79. Call office.
• MARION GRIFFIN. 719 Market St.. room No.
• 1— Houses of all sizes and prices; please call
for fre« list: money to loan.
" ! WANTED— Tenant for new 110-roora house. A.
'¦ M. SPECK & CO.. €67 Market st.
LODO1>G-HOISES TO LET -
WANTED— Tenant for new 110-room house. A.
— j M. SPECK & CO.. 667 Market Et
r j CARRIAGES AND WAGONS.
• i ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
1 etc.. cheap. EGAN & SOX. 2117 Mission st
: AN A No. 1 express wagon, single, also light
— camping wagon, for gale cheap. 532 Mission.
!• NEW & !d-h»nd wagons, buggies, carts 4; har-
ness, work & driving horses. 15th & Valencia,
¦. I SPONGES and chamois our specialty. AMER-
: ICAN BPONGE CO.. 150 New Montgomery St.
t ¦
• CAMPAIGN PHOTO BUTTONS..
I I MF*T of all kinds of photo buttons and jewelry;
wholesale and retail; send for catalogue.
Miniature Portrait Co.. 933 Market at.. S. F.
SPIRITUALISM.
_" ARRIVED — Mr-. Dr. Farnhan l. world-renowned
. spiritual medium: iidvice in all affairs of life,
*• lawsuits, divorces, deaths; unites the sepa-
rated; mining a specialty; clrs. Sun..Wed.,FrL
,t ev's: come and be convinced. (Permanently)
g £13 Fddy Et.. bet. Hyde and Larkln: no sign.
'' MRS Stoddard's wonderful spirit messages;
• Tues. & Thurs., S p. m.. 10c 278 9th; Bluings.
Z MRS. HARLAND'S test meeting to-night;
_ j sealed letters read; 10c; sittings dally. 143 6tl.
<¦- ! MRS. MAXWELL, epiritual ratg to-nlght;con-
T - j vlncing test; readngs daily,8 p.m.1238 Howard.
— MME. YOUNG, 605 McAllister; convincing
8 demonstration of fT»lrlt returp to-night: 10c.
ii MRS. LESTER — Cir. Sun.. Tues.. Fri. eve.,
10c; readings daily. 200 Turk st.
7- GO to WATSON, 1SS1 Market, nr. 12th— Famous
3. i>almlst & medium: lucky & true; 25c & 50c.
— MATCHETT holds circle to-night. 8 o'clock; 10c;
it I te«t to all. 122 Fourth ; sittings daily, 60c.
• MME. MAJORS, gifted spiritual medium,
~ healer and card reader. 122 Sixth St.. room 1.
H MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, clairvoyant, lest, busl-
„, ness medium, life reader; sittings Jl. 1104 Mkt.
n FRIENDSHIP Hall. '335 McAllister-Mrs. C. J.
»• Meyer, sit. dally; convinc'g tests to-night 10.:.
71 ' CLAinVOYAXTS.
,» __________«- — , — — »
t. i MME. LANGE. the great clairvoyant, tells past,
— future; never falls; has the greatest Egyptian
: " ] secret: shows picture future husband or wife:
*• • fee 2Sc and ur>: satisfaction to everybody: open
_ I Sundays. J167 Market «t. bet. 7th and 6th.
** i MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant a card
; 1' reader, born with double veil & second sight.
'- diagnoses disease with life reading: ladles 50c;
— gents II: pal». & clair. sit, tl 60. 126 Turk st.
e; j ISMAR, the Egyptian gypsy clairvoyant and
{ palmist, permanently located 1143 Market, opp.
~* I 6th; private readings dally 10 a. m. to 5 p. m.
a- j MME. BERNARD reads life fluently; advice
10 j given in all affairs In life; satisfaction iruar-
'0; I anteed; 25c ut>. 17 Third St.. next Examiner.
ji j
. u CLAIRVOYANT, trance, business medium; card
— reader. Sic up. S23 Mission st.. nr. 4th: no sign.
C " MRS. E. M. DUVALL. clairvoyant and healer,
— diseases. 425 Golden Gate ave.
jj_ , _
> A GYPSY, genuine clairvoyant, located 10 days
*' 942 Mission; ladies. 25c; gents, EOc. Frawley.
~Z MME. VALEEN.clalrvoyant.palmlst; card read-
jf er; real Egyptian charms. 215 Leavenworth.
€e MME. RUTH, creat prophetic card reader;
__ Me 708 Ellis «t.. near I_irkin.
f MRS. MELVILLE, well-known clairvoyant, wa-
}T ter reader, moved to ll Sixth; German spoken.
-5.' ! MME. ZEREDA. the gypsy, is the great palm-
— 1st and card reader; 25c. 7 Seventh: no sign.
•o- . __
til MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
«- palmistry; truth or no pay; 2io. 1143 Mission.
MME. SCHAFFKR. clairvoyant, card reader.
b- sittings dally. ?12V4 Sixth st.
" MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given; 25c up. 6 Fourth st.
»_ CARPET BEATING A5O CLEAXIXG.
*¦ "WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
eend to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-Beat-
~ Ing Works. 353-357 Tehama it. Mel: South 40.
f« J. MCQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co..
;l -» 4a Stevenson fl; tel. South tXt: lowest rates.
— J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-Beating and Reno-
** rating Co.. 240 Fourteenth st.; tel. Mission 74.
CITT Fteam Carpet-Beating Works. O. , H.
— STE\"EN3. mgr.. 88-40 gth St.; tel. South 258.
or CARPETS* cleaned at 8c per yard, laid at 4c
STRATTON'S. S Eighth St.; teL Jessie 944.
iey ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 401 Butter *_;
m. tel. Main 394. GEO. -WALCOM.- proprietor.
5! CONKLIN'S Carpet-BeaUng Works. 233 Golden
s_ ; .Oat* ave.; telephona East 126. h_js
CHIROPODISTS.
BUNIONS, Ingrown nails, corns, absolute cure. /
painless; consult'n free. Dr.Duncan.415 Butter^
COLLECTION OFFICES.
OEOKOB^wTKELLVS~Agency^No cnarge un- *¦
lees successful. Room 310, 927 Market et.
DENTISTS.* -
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL. CLINIC, 808 Mar-
ket st., cor. 4th. rm. 7. Flood bldg.. you can -
have your extractions done- painlessly; teeth J
without plates our soeclalty; gold crowns,
13 50 up; plates, extractions free. $4 50 up: of-
fice hours, 9 a. m. ¦ to 10 p. m. : Sundays, 9 to 2 ¦
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON. M. P.. Manager.
A— DR. V. CAVALSKT has returned from j
tho Paris Exposition with some of the finest
patents for painless dentistry, plates, teeth .
without a Plate, crown and bridge work; all
work warranted; plates, full eet, $5; fillings.
50c; crown, ti 50. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 6th. J
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings ; extractions or fillings by my won- jj
derful secret, painless method; 20 years ex- -
perlence; no students: advice free; .prices
cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants. .
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, 20 O'Farrell st. i
CROWN and bridge work experts; our work Is j
unexcelled and our prices are the lowest: call
and see our -samples and pet our prices before j j
going elsewhere; best of references: examlna- ,
t!on free. DRS. PEItKINS & DOVEY. 1013 .
Market st.. bet. Sixth and Seventh: elevator, j
TEETH extracted free; plates, $5; crowns, $3 50; .
bridse work. ?3; all the latest methods for j
painless dentistry; hours. 9 a. m. to 9 p. m.
Modern Dental Parlors, 1206 Market, cor. G. G.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh ]
—No charee for extracting when plates arr
made; old plates made over like new; teeth -
from $S per set; extracting, 50c; gas given. *
LOWEST prices in S. F. : painless extraction. -
50c. New York Dentists. 969 Mission, cor. 6th. J
PARIS Dental Parlor. C35 Kearny. cor. Bush-» •
Full set of teeth. $4; crowns. $3; fillings. l>c. 1
i VAN VROOM— "Painless": evenings and Sun- •
! days. 1001 Market St.. corner Sixth. J
j'SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. O. -
j YOUNG, 1S41 Pollc s.t. '
" " DOG HOSPITALS.
DR BUZARD'S Dog~Hospltal, Post, Flllmore—
Advice and medicine. 75c; city visits, $1 50; all .
animals treated; does boarded. Tel. West 636.
DR Crcely's C. P. mange cure and worm pills :
by druggists or at hospital. 510GoldenGate av. ]
i DRESSMAKERS AM) SE ! :
I McDowell Dressmaking and Millinery School;
private class; patterns cut. 1019 Market st. ,
S. F. Dressmaking, Ladles' Tailoring and Mil-
linery School: French system. 411 Van Ness. .
ACCORDION pleating factory: all kinds pleat-
Ing, pinking. 121 Post, over O'ConnorfeMottatt. (
EDUCATIONAL. !
ATRES' Business College. 723 Market St.: life
scholarship, $50; Includes shorthand, typing,
bookkeeping, telegraphy: day and evening;
Just added, new business practice offices and ,
20 new typewriters: catalogue free. '
HEALD'S Business College. 24 Post St.. S. F.— .
Practical courses In bookkeeping, shorthand,
typing, languages, telegraphy, English
branches, civil, electrical and mining engi-
neering, etc.: new EO-page catalogue free.
GALLAGHER-MARSH College. Farrott BldR.—
Shorthand, typing and bookkeeping; Robert F.
Gallagher, expert court reporter, teacher of
shorthand: reportorlal phrasing taught: prac-
tlcal bookkeeping; full course. 150; catalogue.
A NIGHT School for Men at the Y. M. C. A.
building. Mason and Ellis sts.; registration.
Sept. 10-14; studies elementary and advanced;
great opportunity for young men to gain a
practical business education.
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
echool for the university, law and medical
colleges: references. President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building. i
ALL students but two taking full course this
year got positions. SAN FRANCISCO BUSI-
NESS COLLEGE. 1256 'Market st. .
! BOOKKEEPING. free trial: private lessons; 8
tnos. in college not equal to 8 wks. with me;
125. TARR. expert. aocnL. 429 Parrott bid*.
ENGINEERING, civil, elec, mining, mech. sur-
vey a?sav. cyanide, arch.: day. eve.; est. 1S64.
! VAN PER NAILLEN SCHOOL. 933 Market.
¦ CALIFORNIA Business College is nealn en-
' larging quarters. Come see us, 305 Larkin st.
! MUXSOX School Shorthand. Typing. Bookkeep-
lng. Spanish. 137 Monfy. E. M. Carpenter, pr.
GOOD piano teacher would like a few more
pupils; lessons 25 cents. 680 O'Farrell st.
PIANO and German; pupil of Conservatory In
I Lelpslc; lessons 75c. 320 Golden Gate ave.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing.
etc.. day or eve.; 15 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th. i
, LE JEUNE Art and Craft School; modeling,
• designing, carving, nil branchy. 454 Pine yt.
• E3IPLOVMEST OFFICES.
¦ A— JAPANESE and Chinese employment con-
tractor; «6tab. over 10 years; all kinds help.
411 Post st.. near Powell; telephone Bush 135.
JAPANESE Housecleaning Co.— Waiter*, cooks, j
dishwashers. Est. 1890. 1028 Oak; tel. Page547.
UNION Japanese-Chinese emp. office— Best help
f urn. ; domestic serv. 417 Powell ; tel. Bush SIS.
¦ ORPHKUM Employment Office — Japanese. Chi-
nese help. 426 Powell.nr.Sutter; tel. Black M72,
'. JAPANESE and Chinese ' Employment Office;
besf help fum.: tel. John 2121. S06H Stockton.
! CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office —
Best help. 411*4 O'Farrell st.: tel. East 426.
! EMPLOYMENT WAXTKP FEMALE.
A COMPETENT cook desires situation in an
: Institution: years' experience; also competent
woman with a child desires situation: refer-
ences; city or country- MISS CULI.EN. 225
1 Butter st. .
' COMPETENT young woman, with boy 7 years,
wishes a steady position as working house-
; keeper: 3 years last place. 32354 Sixteenth
' St.. near Guerrero.
" RELIABLE Protestant woman wishes a sltu-
' ation In a rrivate American family to do
: cooklnr and small washing:. 1500H Polfc St.,
; corner California. __
* GOOD rwpec table woman (American) Deeds
work very badly: can do any kind: good
housecleaner; would go by the day; ?1 day
'. and car fare. 12S% Fourth st, room 9.
* YOUJ.O German, good bookkeeper and ac-
- eountant, also correspondent In English.
. Spanish and " German; been three years .in
Mexico; has best references; wishes a posi-
tion In this capacity. Address box 3CS0. Call.
s — — — '
WANTED— Engagemnet by dressmaker by day
- or at home; neat work; perfect fit. 607 Turk.
•" YOUNG lady wishes position In office; writes
a good hand. Address box A, Call office.
'. A WOMAN wishes to do any kind of plain
Hewing at her home. 88 Third St., room 17.
; . RESPECTABLE woman wishes situation to do
7 cooking and downstairs work; has the best
;• of city reference*;; city or country. Apply
jj 221 Twenty-seventh St.. between Church and
- Doloreg. •
RELIABLE and competent housekeeper, under-
t stands cooking and buying, desires situation;
rl city or country. Box 3366, Call office.
ij LADY wishes plain sewing, mending or mak-
n Ing over garments at home. 1609 Howard St..
_ near Twelfth. . :,, ••>.';;>?
d RESPECTABLE colored woman wants a placa
.. for cooking and downstairs work. £40 Jack-
son st. ""-: .-'¦¦--'."
j GIRL wishes a position to do light second j
, work or care.. of children. Call 120BH Turk.
'• WINCJfESTER House. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
~ ket; 200 rooms; 23c to $1 50 night. $1 60 to $6
week; convenient and respectable; free 'bus
" and bacgage to and from ferry. . ¦ -¦ ' <
j CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
£ received at Call branch offlce. 2200 Flllmore st.
I" A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
• subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
_ lencla st.
f. . EMPLOYMEVT WANTED MALE.
b RELIABLE man wants position as coachman
_ or man about place; can milk and do gen-
[>• eral work; good references. Address box 4957,
Call office. : -
il BY German gardener with good references; Is
a willing to take care of cow. Address box
- 4!*56. Call offlce.
u. YOUNG German, good bookkeeper and account-
- - ant, also correspondent in English, Spanish
id and German; been three years In Mexico: has
n. best references: wishes a position In this ca-
~ pacity. Address box 3380, Call office.
PAINTER and decorator, 'first-class, wishes
- steady or long lob in institution or hotel; 6
M years of first-class hotel references; reason-
„. able. L.. box 3530. Call offlce.
J. YOUNG man discharged from the navy wishes
««. to become a farmer or drive milk wagon; mod-
j-k erate wases. Box 3377, Call offlce.
«" STEADY, sober young man wishes position as
I; coachman. Box 3378. Call office,
_• RELIABLE man (German) desires position In
_ wholesale house or drlva delivery wagon; best
o. city references; sixteen yean last place of
'*• employment. Address A. E-, box 8729. Call.
53 YOUNG man who Is not afraid of work would
i0. like- a position as stockkeeper In wholesale
— . house; reference satisfactory. Box 373L Call.
SITUATION wanted by a first-class German
— . : gardener; can . take care of horses and car-
s' ! rlage. Address Gardener, box 836L Call office.
- YOUNG man wishes place to learn barber
:b trade; wages no object while learning. Box
-il. O£U Call office, -'„ .*
EMPLOYMENT WANTED— MALE.
A STEADY single man, with good references, A
wants situation on private country place to
care for horees, lawn and general work. Box
3367. Call office. . -
LUMBER and freight measurer wants position;
15 years" experience . In Eastern steamship
lines; can take full charge shipping office
work. Address box 3720, Call office.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore St. -
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia St.
EXPERT OPTICIANS. -
EYES examined free; spectacles properly ad-
JiiFted. N.- Manasse. oculist optician. 910 Mkt. -
. FINANCIAL,. -
IF you have stocks or bonds of any kind for
eale. call or address PACIFIC COAST UN-
DERWRITING CO. 504 Parrott bulldinr.
¦ " ¦ -\
FLATS TO LET.
100 FLATS. HOUSES AND COTTAGES. J
907 Eddy, n. f., 8 r.$65!olO Jones, r. I.. 5 r.$15
1239 Leavw"th.f.6r$37 60|22l Austin, f.. 4 r....$14 _
1207 Dev'd'ro, f. 6 r.$25|319U O'Far 1 !!, t. 4 r.$10 j
1694 Page. n. f.. 4 r.S20M222 26th. c. 5 r $11
Flats wanted— A. M. SPECK & CO., 667 Mkt. -
A— S-ROOM flat; corner: sunny: 2 bay windows;
all modern lmprovem'ts; 1st floor. 417V4 Third. -
BRIGHT corner flat; 7 rooms, bath: *rent only
$25; comer Fourteenth and Howard. BALD- -
WIN & HOWELL. 10 Montgomery St. <•
ELEGANT sunny top flat; 6 rooms, bath; near -
City Hall. 151 Grove St. '
200 FRANKLIN St., cor. Fell— Nice clean sunny
flat. 4 rooms and bath; modern Improvements. -
HAYES. 1311— Elegantly furnished flat. 5 rooms
and bath: $30; call after 7 o'clock p. m.
IF you want to move Ret printed list flats to let (
from BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Montgomery.
LILY, 133, near Octavla— Sunny upper flat; 6 C
fine rooms, yard and basement.
LOWER flat, modern; larpe yard; marine view; c
five rooms and bath; references required. 232S
Jones, st. • j
NICE lower flat, 4 rooms; large yard; side en-
trance. 283 Fell St.; rent $15. "
. J
PAGE. S07— Sunny 6- room flat; $20 per month.
RENT $17; lower flat, 6 rooms, bath and ear-
| den. 23S Thirteenth St.. near Howard. .
' RENT $1S; flat of 6 rooms and bath; all modern ]
Improvements. 1513 Turk St. -
SACRAMENTO. 1226V4— 7 sunny rooms and .
bath* fine view.
UPPER sunny flat. 6 rooms and bath; large
yard. Apply 2806 Howard st. •,
6 SUNNY rooms; bath; yard; cellar; rent rea-
sonable. 1419 Bush st. near Van Nesa ave.
FUnXITUHE FOR SAJ^I
4 P.OOMF7urnlshed~lrroak for $4S 50. with No. 7
mne-e. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
FURNITURE "WANTED.
CHAS. LEVY buya~your furniture, carpets,
pianos, etc. 1135 Market st. ; tel. Jessie .61.
ALWAYS "phone John 1041 before sellinz your
furniture. Standard Furn. Co.. <4a Mission^
Auctioneer— L. Vincent. 1305 Larkln;tel.Polk 694;
furniture & furn'd houses bought; spot cash.
$5000 worth of furniture, carpus, etc.. wanted.
M. SUversteln, 1121 Market; tel. Folsom 11 Oo.
ALFRED WOLLPERT, 773 Mission st., pays
/highest price for your second-hand furniture.
W. E. CODY (late with J. T. Terr}' &¦ Co.) buys
furniture, carpets., 757 Mission: tel. Red 33a3.
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
C. R. HAXSEN & CO Phone Grant 1S5
HOTEL DEPARTMENT.
2 waitresses, Fresno. $25; waitress. Vlsalia,
$25; 2 waitresses, Madera, $20; 2 waitresses,
Santa Barbara, $20; 2 waitresses, Vacaville,
$20 all of them fares paid: 3 waitresses, city,
$20 and $25: 4 chambermaids to wait. $20; 2
chambermaids. $15 and $17 50: woman cook.
$30; fancy lroner, $45. country, fare paid;
plain ironer. $25: German Kirl for delicacy
store. $25. and many others; 2 plain laun-
dresses, $20 and $25.
FAMILY DEPARTMENT.
Houseglrl. small American family, city. $lo.
' no washing, no office fee, see party here.
C.'R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
SECOND girl, Maro Island, $20. sea party here
at 2 o"dock: second girl (Menlo). Palo Alto,
$25 and fare paid: second girl, Berkeley, $20.
choice place; 5 cookc, city and country. $30;
nurse, city, $20; houseglrl. Courtland. $23 and
fare paid, and 100 situations for housegtrls.
second girls, nurseglrls, etc. C. R. HAN-
SEN & CO.. 104 Geary »t.
WANTED— I waitresses for coffee parlor and
confectionery. *35 and found; 3 waitresses for
railroad eating house. $20; 5 waitresses. $20:
hotel ,and boarding-house, city; 5 chamber-
maids and waitresses, $20; 2 waitresses for
country hotel, J20, fare paid; chambermaid
and plain washing, $20; 5 restaurant wait-
resses. $7-$S a week. J, F. CROSETT & CO..
316 Sutter st. -
WANTED — Scandinavian laundress, $30; laun-
dress, $30. short distance: 4 chambermaids
and laundresses. $25 and $30, city and country;
chambermaid, assist with Ironing. $20; Ger-
man nurse. $20: 2 nursegirls. $15 and $20: pan-
to 1 Biri. $20: 3 kitchen helpors. $20: 175
housegirls, $20-$25. J. F. CROSETT & CO.,
316 Sutter st.
WANTED— Nursery governess; teach muslo
and French: nice place. J. F. CROSETT &
'. CO.. 31C Sutter st.
I WANTED— Second girl, $25, Menlo Park; sec-
ond girl and nurse. $25; second girl and assist
with 1 child. $25; French eecond girl, $23; 4
second girls. $20: 4 parlor maids. $25: cham-
1 bermald and seamstress. $25. J. F. CROSETT
: & CO.. 31C Sutter St.
» WANTED— Cook, no wash. $35; German cook,
$35 no wash; Scandinavian cook, $35. no
wash: 4 cooks, plain wash. $30. short distance:
6 cooks. German style. $25 and $30. J. F.
• CROSETT & CO.. 31S Sutter st.
AT MRS LAMBERT'S... .418 Powell St.
German chambermaid and seamstress. $25;
chambermaid and seamstress. $25: waitress,
' $25; second plrl. short distance. $30; 3 cooks,
$35, $30; call early.
" WANTED— Woman, responsible and reliable,
J for ceneral housework and cooking:. Apply
* between 3 and 5 p. m., 925 O'Farrell st.
GIRL make beds and wait at table. $18; good
' job. Observatory, Telegraph Hill. .: •
. GIRL for plain cooklnir and mind children.
I StSisS Seventeenth St.. pear Not. . .
. PLAIN cook, assist with housework; wages $15
• to $20. 2512 California st.. Tuesday.-
f _ : — — — i ¦
. LADY in office; splendid chance for free edu-
- cation in bus, training school. 2007 Flllmore.
YOUNG eirl. 16, to assist housework and help
- mind baby; sleep home. HI Chattanooga 6t.
WANTED-^-Elderly woman for chamberwork at
- S49 Howard »t. : - ;'
t YOUNG girl to assist in housework. Apply 1042
f Ellis st. . . ' ¦ -
1 WANTED— Lady familiar with offle* work;
Kive reference, experience and wages ex-
- ' pected. Box 4939, Call offlctf.
' WANTED-Flrst-class talloress on vests; good
wages and steady work. 3 Hardle place, room
- 7. fifth floor, off Kearny. near Bush.
" RELIABLE steady girl for Arizona.; cooking
and general housework: wages $23; references
a required. Apply 12S6 O'Farrell at,, from 9 to
- 12 a. m. ; -
- GIRL to wait at table and help In kitchen;
1 small restaurant. 258 First »t
- NEAT Klrl for general housework; 4 adults.
C15A Mascn st. ¦
6 . — — — — 1
s GIRL for ceneral housework; wages $15, $20.
771 Cole St., near Chutes.
s YOUNG woman for cooking and general house-
:. wcrk; wages $20 to $25. Apply 2740 Twenty-
fifth st.. corner of Fair Oaks.
. NEAT young girl to assist. Apply after :
a. m., 1421 Post Bt.
~ WANTED— Girl for housework; no cooking;
must slees home. Apply between 9 and 1.
"¦ 1302 Geary *t. ¦;: J ' 7^_ftB«8B *
n -
i- SF.RVANT- girl, general housework. .1053 Mar-
r, 'ket at., call after 8 a. m.. upatalra.
_ WAITER eirl wanted for restaurant and cof-
s fee saloon: call early. 132 Fourth st.
x TAILOUESS on custom coats and make but-
_ tonholea. 140 Russ st.
C NEAT youns elrl to assist In bakery and rea-
m . taurant. 32 Sixth gt. -
l " WANTED— Restaurant waitress at $7 a week.
_ 7 Taylor at.
* DRESSMAKER, first-class sewer., wanted at
8 1423 Polk »t.
A YOUNG girl for second work; wages $15 to
~ $20. 340 Page st., cor. Buchanan.
'* LAltY for cooking on short orders In bakery
_ and coffee parlor: $30 a month. 127 Fifth.
18 YOUNG girl for general housework and plain
_ cooking; wages $20 a month. 911H Larkln st.
in FRENCH or German girl wanted for second
" : work. 1257 Octavla st -
1. A 'GIRL wanted for general housework: must
- understand cooking: wages $30. 1257 Octavia.
le WANTED- German or Swedish girl for general
I. housework and cooking; small washing; fam-
- lly three adults; wages $20. Call 10 to 12. at
t- 1&4 ° Eddy »t. ¦ ..-¦ -¦ , -
e. WAITRESS wanted In restaurant 814 OTir-
- . rell et
ix GIRLS wanted _t Comstock Dance HalL 618
J^ Pacific st, corner Montgomery ava,
. HELP WANTED— FEMAIiB. ___
A— WOMAN with a child, country. $20, fare \
here; woman with a child, city,. $15. . MISS _
CULLEN, 325 Sutter at. ¦ A-
A— GERMAN or French chambermaid and
seamstress, $25; maid and seamstress. $20: ,
night nurse. Institution, $20; French nurse, $2a;
nurse girl, Mill Valley. $20; nurse girl, sleep _
home, $15; chambermaid. $3 a week; chamber- A .
maid and seamstress. $20. MISS CULLEN.
325 Sutter st. ,
4 SECOND girls, $25 each; S second girls, $20
each; second girl, San Rafael. $.25; companion (
to an Invalid lady. $15; nurse girl. Tehama. 3
$15, fare here; housework, American family or -j
4. $25.. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter St. 3
PANTS finishers; steady work. 858 Howard ]
St.. bet. 4th and 5th. over handball court. ;
GIRL for general housework and* cooking. Call t
1118 Hyde St.. between 9 and 12 a. m. || <
A NEAT, reliable girl for downstairs J™ rlc '>
must be a good cook; wages $25. 1180 O Far-
rell st. . —
WANTED— Girl for general housework and
cooking; 2 adults; wages $20; leferenees. Call i
before noon. 11& Lyon st.. near Haight. —
ERRAND girl for millinery store. AARON, ,
211 Sutter st. . :
MIDDLE-AGED woman, cook and light house-
work; easy hours; live. home. 515 Paclflc st. j
RESPECTABLE girl for light housework In ]
small family; wages $10. 77^ Fourth st.
PANTS finisher wanted at 5^ Kearny St., room i
18. ¦ _• _____
GOOD sewer; also apprentice for dressmaking. !
120H Hayes st. ' i
WANTED— Reliable girl for general housework
and cooking; no wash; small family. «-all
between 10 and 12. 2015 Buchanan st.
WAITRESS and seamstress by the day or to
room: beat references required. Address box
S735. Call office. '
GIRL or woman for light housework, J15. 2427
Sutter St.. near Broderick. .
GIRL for general housework. S320 Twenty-
second st., near Valencia.
GIRL to assist In general housework. Apply
at 925 Geary st.
APPRENTICES on coats, pants and vests. —
paid while learning. 641 Market at. ¦"-
A— GIRL for housework; small family: even-
Ings and Sunday afternoon free; good treat-
ment: sleep at home. Inquire 21CS Taylor St.. _
between 1 and 3 p. m.
A WOMAN to wash dishes and other house-
work; about two hours dally. Box 3733, Call.
WANTED— Women and girls to work on toma-
toes, canning and preparing: highest wages
paid; steady work; prizes for quick work.
Apply- Immediately to U. S. FRUIT PACK- -
ING CO.. Harrison ave., between Seventh and A
Eighth sts.. off Folsom.
A
i ____IIZ1_
.
APPRENTICES on overalls. STANDARD
SHIRT FACTORY, cor. Gough and Grove sts.
~
GIRLS to rivet overalls, also sewing machine
operators, at Levl Strauss- &. Co.'s factory.
Z' tl * Fremont st.; no experience necessary;
good wages. Apply to MR. DAVIS. C
WAITRESS and laundress by the day or to
room; best references required. Address box
3735. Call office.
EXPERIENCED operators on electric power
sewing machines on shirts at GREENE- _,
BAUM. WEIL & MICHELS. 531 Mission st.
WANTED A girl for general housework and
cooking; four In family; ,no washing. 160S _
Scott St.. near Sutter. c
WANTED— A woman of mature years to take
charge of small office. Box 3358. Call office.
OPERATORS on shirt waists. E. STEIN-
HART. 230 Sutter at.
WANTED— Finishers on pants; good wages and
. steady work. 346 Sixth st.
A YOUNG elrl to assist with second work. _
1072 Ellis St., near Gough. 2
WOMAN or girl for housework; must have ref-
erences. Apply 1215 Polk at.
GIRLS with experience. Book- bindery, 635
Clay st.
GIRL. 16 to IS, to lock after 3-year-old child. -
117A Bartlett »t. *
WANTED— Women and girls to work on fruit. -
1731 Folsom St.. between 13th and 14th. *
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions -
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st. *
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and -
subscriptions bas been established at 109t> *
Valencia st. _
' '¦ I
HELP WANTED— 31 ALE.
' C R. HANSEN & CO ...104 GEART ST. *
500 men for railroad work .
150 teamsters. State of Nevada $2 a day j
50 laborers. Surf $2 a day
. SO laborers. Truckeo $1 90 a day -
50 tunnel men for big tunnel. Chatsworth C
i Park. Los Angeles County $2 to $2 5-3 day
BO laborers, S. P. Co. work $1 90 a day -
I Fee $1.5. Ship daily Free fare >
10 laborers near city. $2 23 a day, fare $1 50;
i 10 men to break horses to saddle. $1 50 a day
and . board ; 10 laborers, sawmill and woods, .
$28 and. found; 10 men to work in box factory _
) .?..°...'... HOTEL DEPARTMENT <
: Head cook, restaurant, north. $125: French -
second cook. J7S; broiler, restaurant. $65;
broiler, country hotel. $Z0; 3 restaurant '
cooks. $10 to $13 a week; cook, country res- -
t taurant. $40. fare advanced; cook ana wire, >
' Institution. $53; second cook, $50; baker. $43,
for sawmill camp; dishwasher, institution. ,
* country $25: . 10 ¦ dishwashers and kitchen
harids. $30 and $25; head laundryman, coun- .
try hotel, $35; laundryman and wife, $60. ]
Colored head waiter, country hotel: colored
? waiter, country hotel. $35. C. R. HANSEN
& CO.. 101 Geary st. . ' - •
CHEF. $100; broiler, $50, country hotel: chef, <
restaurant, north. $125; fry cook, city $6o; .
third cook. $60; vegetable cook, $60. C. R. <
* ' HANSEN & CO.. 10* Geary st.
Office boy" for'thUofrice; $3 a week. W. i5.
* EWER & CO.. 610 Clay st. .
. . — — __-_—-—-———————
T A— WANTED ;
American man about place. $30. unexceptional
! references required; ranch teamster. $30; 2
farmers, $26; farmer for institution, $25: ranch ;
cook. $30; 4 laborers around mine, $1 73 day;
10 woodchoppers: 10 men for around woods
and mill. $30 and found: dairyman. $25; vege- .
table gardener. J25; lunch cook. $35: second ¦
» cook, hotel. $35; teamsters, city, $1 85 a day.
. W. P. EWER & CO., 610 Clay st.
— BARBERS' Progressive Union— Free employ-
. ment. H. Bernard. Sec. 104 7th: tel. Jessie 152.
P YOUNG man, between IS and 21 years of age;
must be of good address; competent sten-
ographed and have general knowledge of :
1 office work; hleh school graduate preferred.
* Address, giving references. Box 3383. Call.
2 AN lntellljent boy for apprentice salesman In ,
a lame tinware and stove store; must write
a good hand; German or French preferred:
low wages to commence with: chance for ad-
vancement. Box 4090. Call office. . ¦
« SPECIALTY salesman, experienced In mls-
slonary work, to call on wholesale and retail
a grocers in Oreron. Washington, Idaho. Mon-
tana: must have best references. Addreso
g \ box 430.0, Call office. j
" BOY In tinshop to learn trade; age 15; apply
0 7 to 9. £33 Mission st. .
~ MAN wanted to work in coal yard: steady
work.* Call northeast corner Seventeenth and
Church tts., Stelllng's Coal Yard.
'• WANTED— First-class, sober bedmaker. Ap-
ply 9 o'clock nt 149 Third at.
'• WANTED — Strong . boy; start with $5. 171
_ Townsend st. ;.;.; • ¦ '
'" SHOE salesman for country department "tore:
young man with experience: $15 week. Call
119 Bush st.. room 12. 11 to 12.
* TAILORS— Coatmakers wanted for the country:
coats $7 and up. Apply to STEIN. SIMON
7. fc CO.. Market and Second sts.. S. F.
*• SOLICITOR for printing office at 420 Montgom-
_ ery St.. room 33.
: " COATMAKER for .country. Apply REISS
BROS. & CO.. 24 Sutter St.- ¦
f " YOUNG butcher for shop and wagon. 1S23
__ Point Lobos ave.
l " BARBER wanted; steady. Golden Oata ave.
_ and Hyde st.
** BOY, some experience- running Gordon press.
_ WILSON & CO., 632 Market st.
*• BARBER wanted. 2S14 Sixteenth St.. near Fol-
som. ¦ • '¦ .
lt OFFICE boy, ¦ not over 14; good at figures.
_ Box 33S4. Call office. '
[o *""
__ GOOD waiters for restaurant. 7S9 Mission it.
T WANTED— Go«d barber: steady Job. Apply
— 725 Fourth tst.. San Rafael.. Tel. Red 15.
In BOY about 15 years old wanted. JOHNSON'S
_ Studio. So Third st.
id
. WAITER w&nted at 369 Hayes st.
a. BOOTBLACK wanted. 152 Third »t.
al WANTED— Steady man to take Interest In
i- • commission . business: $150 . required. Me-
at LAUGHLIN & CO.. 777^ Market st.
— WANTED— Japanese boy to help ' In kitchen;
r- must talk English; $3 a week and board.
Calif 109 Powell st.
18 BARBERS— 2 -chair shoo for sale; owner haa
other business; cheap. 3113 Twcnty-.taurtlv
HELP WAXTED — MAIiB.
A— MAN and wife, ranch. $15. MISS CULLEN.
825 Sutter st.
A— WAITER, city. $20 per month; 2 teamsters,
country, $30 each; ranch hand. $30; an all-
around man. Catholic Institution across the
bay, $15. must understand care of the sick.
MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter St.
A— MURRAY & READT Phone Main 5S4S
..l,c-a<iing Employment and Labor Agents..
WANT 7 A. M. TO.DAT -"•
WE SHIP FREE WE SRIP FREE
To all parts of California. Nevada, Utah and
other States and Territories
Los Angeles Santa Barbara District
Dunsmuir Redding Shasta
Fresno '. Truckee Districts
Reno. Nev Salt Lake City
Surf Sen Luis Bakersfleld
Soda Springs and 53 other points, laborers,
teamsters, tunnelmen, etc., $3, $2 50, fz. $1 7a
day Free fare
Only $1 fee $1 fee only
MURRAY & READY.
634-636 Clay st.
A— 45 LABORERS. .TO. .HELP. .CARPENTERS
Anybody will suit, $30, $35. $40 and found....
Come see MURRAY & READY. 634-638 Clay.
A— CARPENTER, vineyard co.; shingle pack-
er; shingle Jointer; plumber and tinner for
factory; blacksmith helpers; sash and door
maker
Boatman for gasoline launch. $40 and found:
60 laborers. Humboldt County. $60: 264 la-
borers and teamsters for all parts of Califor-
nia, some in San Francisco, also In fac-
tories, $2 JO, $2, $1 75 day; 25 fcraper team-
*ters, north $40 and found
Loggers, crosscut sawyers, S4.> and found:
Swampers: 16 drillers, city Job: 12 hammer
men; brlcksetters, wheelers; edgerman. $3
day; experienced 2-horse teamsters, city. $2 25
day; 60 men to pile lumber $60
TO MINES
25 men as laborers for mines $34 and found
2G miners, single hand work. $75. $60; 136 farm
hands, steady jobs, $35. $39. $26 and found:
26 milkers, butter makers, $30 and found; 18
stablemen, city and country. $40, $30. $23 and
found; 3 farmers and wives; married furnace
man; IS choremen and boya
$25. $20, $15. |1) and found
10 vaqueros to break colts to saddle. $45 and
found, steady, good Job; 18 teamsters. ' road
work - $32 60 and found
For all other Jobs come and see
: MURRAY & READY.
634-636 Clay at.
A— 160 LABORERS, no experience necessary.
for the sawmills and wood3, fare paid; 150
men and boys to pick all kinds of fruits and
grapes, work in packing and drying houses,
$30 and found. MURRAY & READY. 63J-636
Clay st.
A— HOTEL .... BAKERY .... BUTCHERS....
LAUNDRY DEPARTMENT
Second cook, mines, $40 and found, fare paid:
?S cooks $S0. $60. »40. $30 and found
19 waiters $35. $30. $25. $20 and found
32 dishwashers »0. $23, $20. $13 and found
12 bakers' assistants, $40, $33, $30 and. found
12 laundrymen, $40, $35, $30. $25 and found
Candymakers: porter help for Institution.
"Pantry man, Nevada $40 and found
6 butchers $35. $.>0 and $60
MURRAY & READY, 634-638 Clay St.
A— FOR a Government position, an experienced
stenographer and typewriter. MURIIAT &
READY, 634-636 Clay St.
A— SPECIAL
Beef lugger. $2,25 day; stonemasons. $3 flay:
man to work in coal yard, city; help for wine
cellars: tailors: foremen: boys for bakeries
and others: wagons and nurseries: sausage
makers: painter for Government; laborers for
factories; choremen and boys; 363 positions
not advertised. Come iee MURRAY &
READY. 634-636 Clay st.
COOK and helper for steamer. $70: cook and
wife and dishwasher, country hotel, $100;
restaurant cook. $10 and $12 week; kitchen
help of nil kinds; 2 extra waiters, $2 50 day
and fare paid: and many others. J. F.
CROSETT AGEXCY. 628 Sacramento St.
CONFECTIONER. $65; foreman baker on bread.
. $75: second hand on bread, $50; broiler and
short-order cook. $60, all for country. J. F.
CROSETT AGENCY. 623 Sacramento St.
CHOREMAN and wife for hotel, $40 and found;
man and wife, private family, $35; farmer
and wife, $50; Iaundryman and wife, $e0: Z
milk wagon drivers, $30 and $35: farmers, t2Z:
milker. $30: stablemen. $20 and $35; groom,
$30: old man to care for place, $5; gardener
and choreman for hotel, $25; 10 scraper-team
drivers, $150 and found; choremen. J2Q; and
Others. J. F. CROSETT AGENCY. 623 Sac-
ramento St.
2 FIRST-CLASS carpenters, $3 60 day; edger-
man, $3 day; 2 planermen, $50 and found; en-
gineer and blacksmith for sawmill. $45 and
found; 5 laborers about mine. $2 to $2 40 day;
10 laborers for mill, $2S and board; railroad
laborers, tree f axe : and many others. J. I".
CROSETT AGENCY, 62S Sacramento st.
WANTED— A third hand in bakery. 1S29 Polk
street.
WANTED — Boy to work on fine custom coat*.
921 Market St.. room 7.
BARBER wanted: must be first-class. 2197
Powell st.
YOUNG man. experienced In bakery; stock!
chance to learn. 127 Fifth st.
ERRAND boy. about 16 years old, to make
himself useful. 905 Larkin st.
• BARBER wanted; good steady job. 187 Ninth
Etieet.
JOURNEYMEN Barbers' Union meets 102
' O'FarTell st. to-night 9 p. m. . L LESS, Sec
i GOOD barber wanted; steady work. ApDly at
1724 Market St.. bet. Polk and Van Ness.
• WANTED— Young man to drive butcher wagon.
; 1919 Fillmore st.
: GOOD barber, short hours, at 804 O'Farrell st.
¦ GENERAL tailor wanted. 127 Eddy st.
: TWO lunch waiters. 434 Fifth st.
; BOOTBLACK; wages $S per week. 1305 Fill-
[ more st.
' WANTED — First class dishwasher; close 13 m.
J Sunday. Restaurant, 2S First St.
EOY wanted to drive a fruit wagon; from 15
! to 16 years; wages $2 50 a week. Apply at
1 1502 Franklin St. from 1 to 2 o'clock.
> WAITER wanted at Cosmopolitan HoteL
. GOOD barber wanted. 855 Chester St., Center-
st. station. West Oakland: come to-day;
wages $12 & week; steady to right man.
. YOUNG man wanted to work short time daily
in exchange for bookkeeping or shorthand
• course. S. F. BUSINESS Col.. 1236 Market.
1 WAXTED-A, cook at 506 Howard st., near
2 First.
1 WANTED— Mission boy to drive for butcher.
, Call at Mission Dolores Market, Seventeenth
st.. near Dolores.
1 WANTED— For U. S. army, able-bodied. m>-
married men between ages of 21 and. 35; clti-
tens of United States: of Rood character and
1 temperate habits, who can speak, read and
write English; recruits are specially desired
2. for service In Philippines. For Information
; apply to Recruiting Officer, 121 New Mont-
gomery st. San Francisco, Cal.
WANTED— A washer for plain work. Apply
Mercantile Towel Co., 251 Jessie, nr. Fourth.
g LUNCH waiter wanted. 212 Brannan »t.
• ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 662 Mission st.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
" WANTED — Short order cook; $10 week. FTSCH-
• ER'S Bakery. S66 Washington St.. Oakland.
- GET your shoes half soled while waiting; J3c
0 to 50c. 662 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
- WANTED— Recruits for the United States Ma-
jr rtne Corps, U. S. Navy, able-bodied, unmar-
ried men of {rood character, between the ages
of 21 and 35 years; not less than S feet 4
T Inches and not over 6 feet 1 Inch In height'
A must be citizens of the United Stages or per-
sons who have legally declared their Inten-
tions to become citizens; able to read, write
'" and speak Er.gllsh properly. For further in-
formation apply at the Marine Recruiting Of-
¦ j flee. 40 Ellis St.. San Francisco. Cal.. &30 K st..
Sacramento, Cal.. or 1063 J st.. Fresno. Cal. *
~ WANTED— Good reliable man for position of
,j trust; good wages: steady Job; security re-
quired. Box 3734. Call office.
~ FOR sale — A 3-chair barber shop, on account of.
jj going East. 14 Turk st.
[I I JEWELERS. 828 Bush st.. third floor, room 4.
I BOYS with experience %t underpresslne on
S pants and vests. Ml Market st.
WANTED— A man that understands florist and
j3 nursery business. 600 Haight st.
_ W^ NT^P— 10 ° men to take rooms. 10c. 15c and
~ 2<?c Boston House. 930 Howard si ,
MEN wanted to learn barber trade; only eight
weeks required; positions guarante-d: special
.inducements; catalogue and map of city free.
_ Moler's Barber College. 635 Clay st.
1 ' — — — — —
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to knnw
_ that Ed Rolkln. Reno Hou£ prop^eior. .S7l
runs Denver House. 117 Third I it.; Snwt,
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $3 per week.
NEW soods: quick sales; salary or commli-
_ ff&'j&ff^uatrr. THE J. DEWING CO..
' y BOYS wanted. San Francisco and Pacifle Glass
- -^Vorks. Seventh and Townsenfl sts*
- -"^« S .' o°f r wo n r a £ 8 H"E m R e MA a N n - d S.^r S n teut?? :
ME N*nd women to learn barber trade. & F.
_ Barber College. 741A Howard I st.
'» PENSIONS-GEO. D. CAMPBELL. Uwrer. 1«
T<ara Practice; Examiner building.
7- W J£'? H^ TER H ° use ' ** Third st.. near Max-
d !k»; L^a S° ma ' !5c nl * nt: reading-room: tree
a - bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
u 0ti i C9 tor Cal1 advertisements »nd
*k. y£«S«* «L M b * ea * stabUalie ' i at 1W *
HORSES, LIVE STOCK, Ete— For Sale X
«) HORSES for sale: also wagons, buggies.^
carts. Harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market.
3"7 Sixth St.; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneer*.
100 HEAD of fine horses-will be sold at auction
s Tuesday evening. SeptemberlS. at 7:30. Oo-
cldental Horse Exchange. 721 Howard st.
70 HEAD draft, carriage and saddle horses; also
pneumatic and robber-tired buggies; cheap.
Occidental Horse Exchange. 721 Howard it.
FOR SALE cheap— Fine surrey and work horses
6 and 7 years; well broke. ZXO Pt. Loops ave.
FOR sale— Some young, fresh milch cows. G.
F. PERLE. Angpl Island.
" HOUSES TO LET.
a— PRINTED l' st : houses t<> let: send for e!r-
cular. G. II. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
HOl'SK to let— 5 rooms, bath. Metealfe place.
off Geary St.. between Mason and Taylor.
SUXNY house. 7 rooms and bath; large yard:
rent K5. water extra; rfduced from J30. ttlS
Broadway, near Van Ness ave.
TO LET— House of, 4 rooms and bath. Z£<?.
Polk at.
TO LET— House- of 4 rooms. 2303 Polfc St.
¦ HYPNOTISM.
HYPNOTISM— A complete course of Instruction
and* dlrlema for Jo; free demonstrations every
Thursday evening. California College of Hyp-
notJgm. 1013 Market. Office hours 3 to 5 dally.
LOST ASD vov *9 m
LOST— A passbook with the- Hlbexnia Bavtngs
aid Loan Society of San Francisco la th«
name^f MICHAEL COLLINS. No. 133-213,
The- finder will pleaaa return to bank. —
LOST— On ferry-boat Oakland. 1:30 p. in. Sec-
temter 18. master license, aalltnc je»»«la. bw-
fenrfn* to CHARLES OKE. Finder WU]
please return to 6 Howard St.. B. F.
LOST-In vicinity of Scott and Butter st*.
brown and white- setter bitch; medium size.
Reward at 2100 Devlsadero st.
LOST— Black cocker •paniel puppy bitch. *j^
Hyde st.; roltable reward.
LOST— Gold breastpin with thre* peaxli; en,
Market at. Leave at Call oOce.
$40 REWARD— Lost, roln* to OTertanil trala
at Oakland mole by tie 10 o'clock boat. er or*
train, a gold nugget bracelet. Ratura to H.
F. BARBIER. 136 Sntter at.
LOST— A passbook with the Hlbernia Sartor*
and Loan Society of San Francisco In thu
name of THERESIA BIELICH; N'<k 242-743.
The finder will please return to bank.
_ — MEDICAL.
DR. and SIRS. DAVTES, 122S Market st^-lUll.
able ladles* and rent*' specialists : S3 jiW
practice; have treated thousands of cases ¦¦uo-
cesBfully; a positive cure guaranteed 1 at office;
ladles treated can return home the um« Cay-
try the celebrated HINDO HERB treatment
for home cure: any one can us* It by direc-
tions; perfectly harmless; boma ioreonflns-
ment. Bend five 2*cent stamps tor cfrcalar.
DR. O W. CDON^fBLlt, the world-renowned
ladles' specialist: safe and rellaala; has pjao-
tlc«d In San Francisco for year*: traatad tnoifc.
sands of cases successfully; treatment can b«j
used at home; consultaticw tree. After all
others fall call on him. 10OH Market it.
DRS.GOODWIN. well known ladles' »p*elaU«t«»
have returned from Europe: safe and reliable;
cure J5; have treated thousands of cases wlta
success; 13 years' practice In S. F.: maternltr
: home; low fees. 10074 Market »t.. »*<*? Sixth.
NO TOY KEE. Chinese doctor: cure* cxmsump-
tlon. cancer, catarrh, etc: all disease* treat-
ed; send for testimonials; advice ££«. Saal-
tarlum. 704 Sacramento si., corner Cearay.
¦ MRS. DR. WTETH. reliable specialists: 25 yrs.'
practice: home In confinement: treatment at
ofHce. $3; any ailment; consultation free; eon-
; fldentlal. 942 Post St.. bet. Hyde and Larkln.
! A-XEW process: every woman her own physi-
: clan: no medicine er pllln used: practical phy- _
. slclaa 37 yrs. DR. POPPER. S13 Kearny st. '
x MRS. DR. KOHL, the well-known and reliable
1 ladles' specialist; ruaranteed treatment at of-
fice. $5; positive cure. 416 Eddy. nr. Levnwrtfr
. I MRS. M. ALLEX. TCC3 Market— Ladles' special-
ist; home In confinement: safe and reliable:
consultation free: hours 10 to 8. >
• DR. and MRS. M. WEOKXER— Private home
J In confinement. 1212 Golden Gate ave.
- DR. WONG HTM. herb doctor, treats all &.a-
eases of the human body, lla Mason st.
£ CHEAPEST and best In Amertca-The Week'.r
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In th«
T*nlt«»rt States or Cararta nrt* v°ar fr»r i\.
. MISCELLAXEOCS— FOIl SALE.
BOTLERS. endnes. 2d-hantl machinery. Mc-
l INTOSH & WOLPMAX, 133-137 Fremont «t_
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, euuuwia.
I linoleum, new and second hand: we arrays
have a largo stork of saloon outfits on har.*.;
32 complete outfits on our floor, ready made;
i we can ship everything In 24 hours. J.
NOONAN'. 1017. 1010, 10C1. 103 Mission St.,
above Sixth; write for catalogue.
FOR sale— Property o? the Lire Oak Consoli-
dated Gold Mlnlnc Co.. situated in Nevada
t Cour.tr. 13 miles north of Auburn: 2 patented
claims: 8-stamp quartz mill: ditch and hoist-
ing works complete. For further particular*
lnoulre oi A. MEISTER. 911 Ninth it.. Sac-
ramento. Cat.
FOR SALE. .
Tre submerred frmr-masted Bteel shrp. And»-
lara. lyinff In Tacoma harbor, al»o acows,
lighters shears, divlr.ff Ctar. engtnea. eabl«
and other wrecklns appliances. Addresj all
- communications to C. L. PARKER. Secretary,
rooms 40-41. Haller block. Seattle. Wash.
- A FINE hammerlesa "Lefever" l^bcre thot-
pun for $34; cost orldnally $80. TJNCXEJ
- HARRIS. 15 Grant ave.
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery. «*•
z rtnes, boilers, water pipe. «haftlnff. puUeys,
5 etc. WHITELAW. H6 Spear tt.
ENCYCLOPEDIA Brltannlea, half -bound, gooct
as new. 30 vols. : cost StO: prtc« $43 tf aolct
quick. Box 33C4. Call office.
- STEEL TANKS, all sizes: raltable far water ci»
oil: cheap: all shapes: second hand. E. 3,
• " W mTig. 516 Mission st.
" HIGH-GRAPE pianos: Steck, Hardman. Con-.
J over and others. WILET R AT.TiKN CO..
a 814 Post »t. ¦
~ A— tZ SO DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 7i Pop-
• tilar Price Hatters. 330 Kearny rt.. near Pino.
r A—1Q0 HORSEPOWER *nff!n*. boiler. S drill
a air compressor. JARDINE9. 220 Fremont st.
BLACK-AND-TAN male. 2H lb«.. 1 year old;
~ also Newfoundland pup. 1*3 T***™**. og 3d-
: : SAFES— New and second hand. THE HER*
4 MANN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento it.
a ¦
d PORTABLE engines, boilers; Iron and woo<S
n planers, lathes; Id hand. J. Burke. 123 Bealo.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2<1 bxsi; raovinff
- pictures. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Post it.
u FINE suit. J10: dress pants. « MI3FI?
- CLOTHING PARLORS. 4S7 Montgomery «t.
FULL line cameras and photo supplies: selling
- cheap. W. A. HARTTER. 513 Examiner b.dg.
¦V^^LL rent full dress Tuxedo or Prince 7 *
- sults/or S2 50. Portland Loan Ofr.ce, 3 StKtn.
10-TON Fairbanks scale and fire ar.i burg!a?
~ proof safe. US California st.
2D-HAND photographic and maeto lantern out-*
- fits bought, sold, exchanged, ire Montgomery.
•- FIRST-CLASS second-hand mMem erKlr.es and
» boilers bought and sold. KKOOH Mfg. Co.
t; SAFE5*— New and second hand; all slies. TH3
r- WALTZ SAFE. 109-111 Market St.. San Fran.
»- •
'•* 3IISCELL.\NEOU9 WANTS.
"WANTED— A light second-hand farm or st>rln«
wagon. Address R. SCHNEIDER. 1C3 Twen- .
- tleth ave. South.
e- DENTIST— Second-hand enjrtne, chitr ar.i
bracket wanted. Address box 33J2. Call.
« AN 11-lnch swing lathe in good condition; 3«-
Inch bed. ALEX. HEXNS, 131 Main st.
» LADIES' *nd gents' cast-off clothlnff bought *
sold. Sllverman. 9S4 Folsom: tel. FolsomlH'..
3^ KLEIN still pays best price for clothing, bri^-
a-brac and books. 1W Sixth st.; tel. Jessie 111.
jd IF you wish full value for your cast-off clotMni?
call on Ttf COHEN. 1." Third: tat Black iir,.
3d MONEY TO LOAX. ;
ht AA— BEST rates and easiest terra*.
ai Second mortgages .«
:e. Interests in estates «
Undivided Interests In real estate •
- Financial problems of all sorts and ils*»
>w solved by HERMAN -MURPHY. 630 Market.
C» ANY amount at 8 per cent: 1st. 2d and Sd mort-
gages, undivided interest, real estate la pro-
- bate; mortgages and legacies bought: no de-
!•* lay; get my terms before doing business «lse-
>•• where. R. McCOLOAN. 24 Montgomery, r. 3L
- ANY proposition, any amount; 6 per cent: first.
'*» second mortgages, estates In probate. Interest
In estates, legacies, corporation loans, chattel
ITT mortgages, life insurance. Room 16. first floor.
"• Chronicle bldg. HALLORAN & OLSES.
~ HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
, liberal advances on diamonds, jewelry at low.
__ est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 844 Mirk?:
F. st. : tel. Main 1S44. Branch 19 Third «t.
- * .
_ ON furniture and pianos without removal; quick
15 J service; money direct; lowest Interest. RooiaU
'*• CS ar.d f9. Donohoe building. 11T0 Market st.
ir- A — IjOO.OOO ON city and country real estate and
•e« estates; chattel mortgages: notes and col-
laterals. J. BROWNSTONE. II Montgomery.
nd MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds.
D36 watches. Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL. 10 Sixth;
I highest price for old gold, silver, diamond*.After hearlnp the testimony, the re
gatta committee, consisting of R. R.
l'Hommpdlou (chairman). T. F. Tracy and
Harry GIbbs. unanimously decided not to
allow the Protest. The Macdonough cup.
which Is the first prize In the thirty-foot
class, accordingly sroes to Frank Stone's
Presto, and the prize for second place to
Westerfeld nnd Morrow's Aeolus. The
awards In all the other classes, as alreadj*
given, were confirmed. A special cup was
awarded to I. Gutte's schooner Chlspa.
the only boat In the seventy-foot class to
go over the course on Tuesday.
A special meeting of the regatta com
mittee of the Pacific Interclub Yacht
Association was held last night at the
Merchants' Exchange to consider a pro
test Hied by the sailing master. W. \V.
Tomlinson, of the sloop Amigo against the
sloop Presto for one alleged foul In the
annual regatta resailed on Sunday.
Mr. Tomlinson testified that after cross
ing the starting line and while on the
Ftarboard tack he observed the Presto on
the port tack in s-uch dangerous proximity
that he hailed her and expected that her
helmsman would puC her about. This was
not done, however, and, to avoid a colli
sion, the Amlgo was luffed, and In order
to weather the stakeboat nearest the
¦wharf was compelled to come about on
the port tack. Even then the Amigo nar
rowly missed entangling her bowsprit In
the topping-Hft of the Presto.
Frank Stone, owner and sailing master
of the sloop Presto, testified that he had
to pay off to get round the Btern of tho
ploop Aeolus; then he sighted the Amlgo
and came about to give her the right of
way. He also said that at no time was
the Presto less than thirty feet from the
Amlgo.
Amigo Disallowed by Regatta
Committee.
Protest Filed by Sailing Master of
PRESTO GETS THE
MACDONOUGH CUP
NEW WESTERN HOTEL
J T Llbby, Chicago
S K Italian!. S Rosa
L Mlnlch, Green Bay
D Jones. Fresno
K B Grub, Hoxle. Mo
W R Vromon, L Ang
H Miller. Vallejo
D W Hardenbrook, An
aconda
S Roberta, Victoria
Mario Vlgellus. Clctra
Miss M Helnner. Viet
J E Inerlebrook. Stktn
C Baker. Stockton
A Q Wlndland, CInn
J Gallano & sn, Stktn
J Trlscono, Stockton
G Parker, Fresno
B Morrison. Tesla
C M Lewis, Tesla
8 P Lfiwls. Sacto
J B Johnson, St Iy>uls
M A Rilejv Merced
|U S Henry, Los Ang
W B Combs & wife,
Portland
H It Williams a fam,
Rossland, B C
J E Bastle. Seattle
M Shkon & w. Alska
R H Gregory. Fresno
O AV Payborm, Sacto
R Kyle £ w, Suisun
W A Robertson, Sacto
B T Edwards. S D
F B LIbbe. Manila
Mrs L II ¦Williams. Nv
PALACE HOTEL
Mrs Charlesworth,
Yorkshire
Miss Charlesworth,
Yorkshire
Mrs A Charlesworth,
Yorkshire
Miss A Charlesworth,
Yorkshire
Miss Davis, Yorkshire
H B Wood, S Jose
Mrs II B Wood, S Jose
W A Brewer. S Mateo
W E Miller. Mexico
T N Heffron, Sacto
C Fisher, N Y
B F Logan. Ky
P V Harrlgan. N Y
B W Tilford, Kansas
H C Breeden, Ptland
Mrs H C Breeden. Ptld
Miss Breeden, Portlnd
H Bratnober, Cal
Mrs II Bratnober, Cal
C E HIU, Tacoma I
Mrs C E Hill. Tacoma
O C Block, URN
O O Malkow. ChKO
R B Dunham, Ohio
V. r J Smith, Los Ang.
Mrs A M Allen, L Ang
E J Haleht. dre
Mrs J Hart. Tahiti
G Hart. Tahiti
A Hart. Tahiti
R L Mrade. U H A
W J liallvant Jr, Neb
C Kruntzfeldt. Iowa
IF G Marcus, Cai
E Block. N Y
W J Wiley, Cal
F J Carolan. Cal
Mrs F J Carolan. Cal
E St J Hays. X Y
Mrs E St J Hays, N Y
Mlrs Hays. N Y >
C P Armstrong, N Y
J P Tyler. N Y
Mrs J V Tyler. N T
J Ballfant, N Y
W A Morehouse, Cal
Mrs W A Morehousa,
Cal
C O Howard, Cal
S Schwab, N Y
E Markbrelter. Chgo
O II Morrlll. Boston
Mrs G H Morrill. Bost
i
GRAND HOTEL.
J Loeb, Williams
T J Mumma, Dunnigan
Miss Cooper. S Kosa
J McDonnell. Menlo
II B Titcomb & w, Cal
A Sumner. San Jose
W H Hart. Cal
J D Warrack & w. Cal
J W Heillu, Farmngtn
fi M Frank. Cal
H D Ramsell. Palo Al
J Terry, Cal
D L Williams. Cal
T L Johannesen. Or
K P Gaylord, Salt Lake
H O'Neill, Tacoma
J A Edwards. Salt Lk
R F Garner, w & a,
San Bernardino
E Lockman, Portland
T A Johnson & w. Seal
Mrs J D Glllilund. Or
T A McElwell. Pa
O H Foster. Cal
Miss Fester. Cal
Miss Hall. Cal
Miss M Hall. Cal
J W Vail. Chlcaeo
II E Rooklldge, Chgo
C B Sean, New York
,O M Thumler & w, Chg
O Llndbery, Tacoma
p C Mitchell, St Helna
C W ICastIn, Modesto
O II P I»!r>er. Memphis
|.T L Pendleton. N Y
W P Read & w, S Rosa
|J II Read & w. i-acto
III T Carroll & w. Sac
|Mrs A Battenfieid, Cal
Mrs A C Blossom. Stkn
N (Z Blossom. Stockton
A Hnin.-s, Madison
Mrs M E Pearse. Bostn
J L Barham. Red Bluff
L R Pound stone. Cal
F J Rteele. L Anfceles
II I McOill, Chlcaeo
L Levy & w, Sacto
Miss M Hawes. Colo
It H Wllley. Monterey
R J Denifsey. Denver
Mrs II Tucker. Chgo
O Turner. Modesto
F Davidson, Chicago
J H BrlKtron & w, Chg
Mm II McKay. Napa
A F Welli«r. S Rosa
0 Lindstrom, 111
1 II Wright & w, Mo
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
SAN JOSE. Sept. 17.— The San Jose Rifle
Club held Its regular monthly shoot yes
terday afternoon. There was a good at
tendanco and great Interest centered In
tfce medal contest. The winners of the
medals were: Champion class gold meda!
—Dr. F. Schumacher. 207 rings; first class
gold medal— R. Scherf, 203 rings; second
class gold medal— R. J. Wright. 184 rings;
third class medal— Not won; first class
shot medal— J. Rlechers.
San Jose Rifle Club's Shoot.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
KANSAS CITY. Sept 17.— Kansas City 1.
Buffalo 1.
CHICAGO. Sept. 17.— Indianapolis L Chl
caco 3.
MILWAUKEE. Sert. 17.— Milwaukee 4. Cleve
land 1.
Clubs— W. L. Pet. ! Club«— W. 1*. Pet.
Brooklyn ....72 43 .616 Chicago 57 «5 .487
Pittsburjr ...«3 51 .672 St. Louis. .'...M 64 .453
Philadelphia.*! 65 .6301 Cincinnati ..63 5« .445
Boston 5S 59 .496|New York.. .50 6S .01
BOSTON, Sept. 17.— Boston took two games
from Chicago to-day. Attendance. 1S00. Score:
First game:
Clubs— R- «¦ E. :
Boston 8 11 1
Chicago 1 » •
Batteries— Nichols and Clarke; Griffith. Kilns
and Dexter. Umpire— Emslle.
Second came :
Clubs^ — R. H. E.
Boston • J °
Chicago * * 1 .
Batteries— Willis and Sullivan; Callahan and
Dexter. Umpire — Emslle.
PHILADELPHIA, Sept. 17.— A double-header
wa» played to-day, the locals winning both
games*. Attendance, 4500. Score:
First game:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Cincinnati 2 8 0
Philadelphia 4 7 C
Batteries— Breltenstetn and Peltz; Orth and
McFarland. Umpire— Hurst.
Second game:
Clubs — R- H. E.
Cincinnati 13 1
Philadelphia 4 U 0
Batteries-Scott and Kahoe; Dunn and Doug
lass. Umpire— Hurst.
BROOKLYN. S«pt. 17.— To-day** game had
a peculiar finish. St. Louis had two out and
two on bases when Donovan sent a grounder
toward Demont. The ball hit Burkett. who
was on his way to third, and the game was
over. Attendance, 900. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
St. Louis 5 10 3
Brooklyn 7 » 2
Batteries— Powell and Robinson; Donovan
and Farrell. Umpire— Gaffney.
NEW YORK. Sept. 17.— The New Yorker*
lest their game to-day with Plttsbury; tn thi
third inning, when the visitors fell onto Mer
cer's curves for eight runs. Attendance, 1000.
Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Pittsburg U 1« 2
New York 3 11 2
Batteries— Leever and O'Connor; Mercer.
Grady and Bowerman. Umpire— Snyder.
American League Games.
Take Two Games From the Men From
the Windy City.
CORRECT STANDING OF THE CLUBS.
GOOD DAY FOB BOSTONS.
Good Cards for the Events to Be Con
tested at Both. Inglesido
and Union.
The Union Coursing Park Association
and the Insle-slde Courslnp Association
held draws last night for their midweek
stakes. The Ingleside Association will
run an excellent slxty-four-dog stake at
the San Mateo Park on Thursday. Union
has fifty-six entries for Us stake and
will run it on Wednesday. Many high
clasn dogs are entered.
The drawing for the Union midweek re
serve Is as follows:
Psyche ve. Round About; Mountain Beauty
vs Olympus; Jingle Bells vs. Best Bargain;
Bonaflde vs. Reaching After; Old Glory vs.
Master Bly; Athena vs. Smuggler: Lavender v«.
Minnie Wa Wa; Swedish vs. Miss Penman;
Homeward Bound vs. Black Lock; Fedora vs.
Billle Rocket; Eager vs. Moonstone; Beer
Brewer vs. Achilles; Amarosa vs. Nightingale;
Lady Gllmore vs. Lady Glenkirk: Flying DaUr
vs. Kibosh: Secret vs. Beauty Spot: Rose At
wood vs. Motto: King's Borderer vs. Thorndale;
Retina K vs. Aeneas; Random Aim vs. Dairy
Maid; Iowa Boy vs. Advance Guard; Iowa Maid
vs. Cruiser; Lily 'Wright vs. Master Workman;
Echu vs. L<\ Rosa Souvenir; Southern Girl vs.
Crawford Lass: Waff vs. Leady Sears; Rollick
ing- Airs vs. Yellow Tall; Xbra vs. Johnny R.
The drawing of the Ingleside midweek
is:
J. Collins' Richmond Queen vs. R. P. Da
vies' Lady Godlva; G. Cooney'a Modesty vs.
O. Welch's Little Lucy; Schaefer Bros.' Fair
Glenn va. J. Potter's Remus; O'Shea Bros.'
Mercy May vs.- P. McCabe's Cralc Boy; J.
Farrell'B Cash Day vs. \V. J. Browning's
Mountain Bell: C. O. Peterscn's Stiver Cloud
vs. J. Conn's Red Glen: William Healy's Lady
Ltke vs. F. Brown's Village Bell; K. O'Dgwd's
Erin's Hope vs. O. Cooney's Sweet Favordale;
T. A. Gaffney's Gypsy Queen vs. M. London's
Maitnetto: M. Mlchlllkl's Terronlte vs. II. A.
Deckelman's Ruby Rocket; L. _F. Bartels'
Betsy Barrow vs. Schaefer Bros." Thunder
bolt; E. Burke's Nighttime vs. L. F. Bartels 1
Banner Brlcht; G. Lennon's Jennie Noys vs.
F. Moran's Bit of Fashion: P. M. Clarkson's
Headwater vs. J. Potter's Palmflower; J. Ed
monds" Oo On vs. O'frhea Bros." Golden Gate:
O. Lennon's Half Moon vs. P. M. Clarkson'a
Flower of Gold; H. A. Deckelman's Kanaka
vs. T. A. Gaffney's False Flatterer; F. Me-
Comb's Patriot vs. D. Shannon's Strand of
Gold: C. I'.onner's Wild Norah vs. D. E. Wi
ley's High Born Lady; Lowe & Thompson's
Pink of Fashion vs. D. Dillon's Europa; Lowe
& Thompson's Cora Pearl vs. Lande & Ger
ber's Mount Ida: L. F. Bartels' Baron's Blood
vs. W. D. Murphy's Crawford Lasn; M. J.
Welch's Wild wood va. J. McCormack's White
Lily; W. Cairns' Gladys Weller vs. J. Mc-
Cormack's Proud Beauty; F. Moran's Gold
Dollar vs. A. Weber's Alabama Coon: A. John
ston's Tod Sloan vs. Lowe A Thompson's
Prince Hal; F. Mack's Delia M vs. A. John
son's Bald Eagle; O. Zahl's Tony Bowers vs.
Kelly & Hanley's Baby King: Porter Bros.'
Pluck vs. P. Steinhoff's Veto; W. B. Badger's
Alameda Lad vs. W. Cairns' Imperial: J. Ed
monds' Whisky Hill vs. J. E. Monohan's Tired
Out; D. Farrell's Bald Boon Bell vs. Lande &
Gerber's Concord.
DRAWINGS FOR MIDWEEK
STAKE AT COURSING PARK
Among the prominent marksmen pres
ent were'J. Gruhler. who made the splen
did score of 73 on the honorary targec;
W. R. Hyatt and E. Schmidt of Sacra
mento; L. C. Babin, T. J. Carroll. F.
Haumgarten, A. Strecker, Captain At
tinger, L. Bendel, D. B. Faktor. Judge G.
Hayden, who made 73 in his three and
only shots; C. H. Sagehorn and A. Pape.
On the members' target, where each
man was only allowed tnree shots. F. E.
Mason made the highest score ever made
in the club, his score being 73. Hagerup.
en the same target, made 71.
At noon the shooters sat down to a
banquet in the dining hall at the park,
with Philo Jacoby at the head of th*
table. Speechmaking was indulged In by
every one and the visiting marksmen anil
the old-time champions were cheered to
the echo. During the flow of oratory the
history of the California Schuetzen Club
was told. In the course of his address
Mr. Jacoby said:
"In 1S75 the Centennial Commissioners
sent an invitation to this State for marks
men to go to Philadelphia and enter the
lists for the world's championship honors.
Twenty-one teams from all over the world
were entered. Seven of us marksmen, de
siring to uphold California's reputation,
came together and decided to Journey to
Philadelphia. Provided with a mascot In
the shape of a large carved and gilded
bear, emblematic of our State, we entered
the contest and won, beating, every team
competing. The old guard that won that
victory is now getting along In yeara.
Time, however, is dealing kindly ¦with us.
Of the seven men of that team four of
us are now present— A. Strecker. A. Rah
wyler. William Ehrenpfort and myself.
"The California Schuetzen Club was
founded at that time. To-day it is one
of the stanchest shooting clubs in the
world, with a great membership and with
no indebtedness."
The team that competed and won at
the Centennial in 1876 was composed of
Philo Jacoby, A. Strecker, A. Rahwyler,
W. Koenlg, W. Srenly. A. Bauer, W.
Ehfenpfort and Captain Grelner, who was
a substitute.
The total scores will be ready for publi
cation to-morrow.
The second and last day of the Califor
nia Schuetzen Club's festival was marked
by many good scores and a large Attend
ance of ambitious marksmen at the
Schuetzen Park ranges yesterday morn
ing and afternoon.
High Scores Are Made by Sharp
• shooters— Affair Closes With
Enjoyable Banquet on
the Grounds.
Last Day Is Productive of
Clever Work by the
Marksmen. '
RIFLE EXPERTS
END SCHUETZEN
PARK FESTIVAL
CHICAGO. Sept. 17.— May Beach, who on Sat
urday defeated Sly and Bessie Macklln at six
furlongs In 1:13 3-5, met defeat In the second
race at the Hawthorne opening of the fall meet
ing to-day in the slow time of 1:14. Weather
clear; track fast. Results:
Five and a half furlongs— Hy Lee -won. Kohn
wreath second, Lasance third. Time, 1:07%.
Six furlongs-Georgie won. May Beach sec
ond. Tracedy third. Time. 1:14.
Mile and a sixteenth— Arthur Behan won.
Plccola second. Prairie Dog third. Time. 1:4SH.
Seven furlongs— Lennep won. L&dy Meddle
some second, Juanetta third. Time, 1:27.
Mile and a sixteenth. eelling-Owensboro won.
Hood'a Brigade second. Alfcha II third. Time.
1*47%.
One mile — Btar Chamber won. Highland Lad
second, Brigade third. Time, 1:41.
DETROIT, Pent. 17.— Only one favorite won
at Windsor to-day and the books evened up on
their losses of Saturday. Weather cold; track
good. Summary:
One mile, selling— Dtvertlsement won. High
Noon second. St. SulpMce third. Time. 1:44*4.
Five and a half furlongs— Kid Hampton won,
John McCarthy second. May Cherry third.
Time. 1:09. _ '
Six furlongs, selling— Trouballne won. Lady
Kent second. Descubrldora third. Time. 1:1j»».
One mile and seventy yards, selling— Outburst
won. Prince Zeno second. Flag of Truce third.
Time. 1:46.
Seven furlongs, selling— Miss Redwood won.
Lake Fonso second, Corder thln». Time, 1:»H-
Six and a half furlongs, selling— Spauldy Y
won. Old Mike second, Lord Frailer third.
Time, 1:23.
ST. LOUIS. Sept. 17.— The Kinloch Park man
agement presented another excellent card to
its patron* to-day. Speculation waa very brisk.
Five favorites were first patt the post. Weather
cool; track fast.' Summary:
Seven furlongs— Marie G. Brown won. Plnar
del Rio second. El Ghor third. Time, l:30H.
Five and a half furlongs, purse, two-year-olds
—Tony Lepping won.- Small Jack second, Our
Lady third. Time. 1:08.
One mile and a quarter, selling— Zaiel won.
Henry of Franstamar s«ond, Tom Ollmore
third. Time. 2:09*4. ; . ¦'
One mile, purse— Miss Mae Day won, Ida Led
ford second. Royal Sterling third. Time, 1:44H.
Six furlonRs, selling— HI Lee won. The Light
second. Margie Davis third. Time. 1:14«*.
Seven furlongs, selling— Sweet Caporal won.
Peter Duryea second, Joe Doughty third. Time,
1:29H-
NEW YORK, Sept. 17.— Two favorites
and four outsiders were first past the
judges at Gravesend to-day and Shaw
earned jockey honors with three winning
mounts. The Sea Breeze stake was the
only fixture and Greenock, at 6 to 1, won
driving. Hesper was the favorite with
Peaceful a second choice and they cut
out the running- in close attendance to
the far turn when Red Patch challenged.
Hesper drew away at the head of the
stretch and looked to be winning easily
when Burns brought Greenock up with a
rush on the outside and won all out by
half a length. Hesper was four lengths
before Peaceful. Summary:
Five furlongs — Servilla won. Elizabeth K sec
ond, Inshot third. Time, 1:02.
Mile and a sixteenth— Favonlus won. King
Barleycorn second, Brigade third. Time. IMS.
Five and a half furlongs, selling— Quite Right
won. Animosity second, Henry Clay Rice
third, lime. 1:49 1-5.
The Sea Breeze stakes, mile and a sixteenth—
Qreenock won, Hesper second. Peaceful third.
Time, 1:49-15.
One mile and seventy yards— Autumn won.
Toddy second. Compensation third. Time,
1:46 1-5.
About six furlongs, selling— Hlmtime won.
Lieber Karl second, Pupil third. Tlm«, 1:11 1-S.
Sea Breeze Stakes, the Only Fixture,
Taken by Greenock, With Hes
per Second and Peace- *
ful Third.
Two' Favorites and Four
Outsiders First Under
the Wire.
SHAW BRINGS IN
THREE WINNERS
AT GRAVESEND
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 18, 1900.
Cruelty to a Horse.
Thomas McKlnley, a, contractor, was
arrested yesterday on a pharpe of cruelty
to animals. The arrest was made by Of
ficers : McCurrle and Hooper of the So
ciety for the. Prevention of Cruelty to
Animals. Tho horse was attached to a
brick wagon and it presented a repulsive
Eicbt. . .
11
SAUSALITO FERRY
Leave San Francisco via Sausallto Ferry:
WEEK DAYS 9:30 a. m.. 1:45 and 5:15 p. m.
SUNDAYS. ..8. ». 10. 11 a. m.. 1:30 and 2:30 p. m.
Fare San Francisco to Summit and return. $1 40.
NEW TAVERN OF TAMALPAIS NOW OPEN
TICKET OFFICES «21 MARKET 3T..
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
MOUNTMTAMALPAIS RAILWAY.
DIED.
Cobby. Albert K. Haas, Margaret
Costlgan. William J. Horadt. Frank
Orouse, John R. Loretz, Louis H.
Culver. Susie Mahoney, Catherine
Danville. Samuel B. Norrie, Sadie
Drager. Marv A. Reinsteln, Oscar
Brikson. Frank O. L. Somps, Emil F .
Flemer, Louisa Sutton (infnt) .
Gillesple; Sarah B. Walker. Mary
Green. Daniel
COBBY— In Oakland. September 17, 1&00, Albert
EdVard, beloved husband of the late Minnie
Cobby, and father of Mrs. Henry E. Sleeper
and John W., Ethel M. and Edwin V. Cobby,
a native of England, aged 51 years.
G— TKrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 1 o'clock, from the Masonic
Temple, Post and Montgomery streets. In-
terment Masonic Cemetery. Remains at the
BELLINGER— PRUSSO— In San Jose, Septem-
ber 4. laCfl. George W. Bellinger Jr. of San
Jope and Geneva Pnisso of Alameda.
KENNEY— O'CONNOR— In this city, August
23. 1WX). by the Rev. Father Conway, George
W. Ktnney and Mollle E. O'Connor.
McDONALD— LEMPP— In this city. September
16, 19«0. by the Rev. J. II. Buehler. John J.
McDonald and Freda Lempp.
MARKEY— STURGES— In this city. September
S, 1900, by the Kev. Frank S. Ford. Frederick
S. Marker and Lorena A. Sturges, both of
San Francisco.
MEllfiHON— HOLLOPETER— In this city, Sep-
tember 10, 1300, by the Rev, Frank S. Ford,
Lmvls C. Mershon and Abble W. Hollopeter,
both of San Francisco.
MARRIED.
BORN.
ELLIOTT— In Ran Rafael, September 14, 1300.
to the wife of Charles B. Elliott, a son.
MAGNIN— In this city. September 12, 1900, to
the wife of Charles A. Magnln, a son.
OI>SEN— In this city. September 14, 1900, to the
wife of J. Olscn. a daujchter.
nOFS— In this city. September 14, 1900, to the
wife of Jamefe Ross uf Alameda. a daughter.
THOMPSON— In this city. September 13. 1900,
to th° wife of Joseph F. Thompson, a son.
BIRTHS-MARRIAGES-DEATHS.
UNITED. UNDERTAKERS.
27 and 29 Fifth st. Tel. South 167.
IUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMS*}.
Finest Equipment at Moderate Rates.
The following marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday :
Charl^ Nelson, 3S, 2231H Minna street, and
Stlma Nelson, 2.\ 2251H Minna street.
Jofeph Pera. 23. 14 Cadell alley, and Victoria
Cuneo. IS, 9 Jasper place.
Leunent AUro. 20, 1211 Powell street, and
Hor.orlne Cabroll, IS, 709>4 Stockton street.
John Lauensteln. 40, city,, and Virginia D.
Hutchinss. 2S. city.
Graziano Codlgra, 46. city, and Fllomena Sca-
mara. 33, city.
William C. Peterson, S3, 2044 Scott street, an-1
Kate Hannigan. 13, corner Broadway and Web-
ster street.
Ezra Reed, 61. GarWrville. and Narclssa R.
¦William*. *2. Hrandenbursr. Ky.
Austin Duffey, 22. Guernevllle, and Annie
Johnson. 20, Gucmevllle.
Henry Sichel, 32, 1762 Filbert street, and Jo-
sephine Goldstein. 52, 153S Jackson street.
Walter R. Pock. 54. Stockton, and Julia
Wheeler, 20. city.
Pierre Lair :anet, 31, 102 Colllnrwood street,
and Marie Escude, 2?. 13 Tehama.
David L. Hlxson, S6, Spokane, and Nellie F.
Griffith. 26. 770 O'Farrell street.
Jean B. Campapne. 24, city, and Marie Sala-
nouve, 22. Hi Trenton street.
Patrick J. Kelly, 43. 345 Minna street, and
Delia O'MaUey. 33. 144 Fourth street.
Arthur Airnew. 44. W) Howard street, and
Mary A. McCann, 3i>. 549 Howard street.
Edward S. Gonzale*. 23, Halfmoon Bay, and
Marv E. Sylvar. 23. Halfmoon Bay.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
20 Fifth Bt.. opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South 80.
KfcNRY J. GALLAGHER CO..
(Successor to Flannagan & Gallagher).
- DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
PROPOSALS Invited — Bids for providing and
installing a sewage pumping plant for the
Folsom prison, practically conforming to spec-
ifications now on file with the State Board of
Prison Directors and State Board of Exam-
lner* will be received by said respective
boards at the office of the Board of Exam-
iners in the State CaDltol, Sacramento. Cal.,
until 2 o'clock p. m. of October 6. 1900, at
which time they will be publicly opened. The
richt to reject any or all bids Is reserved.
Copies of specifications may be obtained from
the clerk of the board at Folsom prison.
Each bid must be accompanied by a certi-
fied check for 12000 drawn on some bank of
S-ood ttandlne to the order of R. M. Fltzgrer-
ald. president State Board of Prison Direc-
tor*, which check Fhall b« forfeited to the
State If the bid which accompanies such
check Is accepted and the party making the
bid refuses to enter Into a contract and exe-
cute a eood and sufficient bond, payable to
the State of California. In an amount to be
fixed by the State Board of Prison Directors,
for the faithful performance of the contract
awarded. By order of the State Board of
Prlpon Directors.
BBAIS'AHT) F. SMITH. Clerk of th» Bonr.l.
PROPOSALS.
DIVIDEND NOTICE— Dividend No. S3 (twenty-
five cents per share) of the Hutchlnson Sugar
Plantation Company, will be payable at the
ctflee of the company, 827 Market st., on and
after Thursday. September 20. 1900. Transfer
books will close on Thursday, September 13.
1300, at 3 o'clock p. m.
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
TO let — Fine rooms suitable for light manufac-
turing purposes. Apply at 511 Sansome st.
TO LEASE.
SEW tyt>ewriters. $5 down, S3 month payments.
P.EVA LK. 4*» California st.
ALWAYS bargains In typewriters; any make.
Write for prices to L. & M. ALEXAN-
DER. 110 Montcomery st.
"WANTED— Second-hand Remington typewriter
Klve sample work, factory number and price.
W. C. R.. Z22 MlEMon Ft.
TYPEWRITERS AXD SUPPLIES.
GREAT^b".'TrGAINS IX TYPEWRITERS— W>
Bell better machines for less money than any
house In the city; rentals. S3. The Typewriter
Exchange. 5?6 California, telephone Main 2C6.
PACIFIC Stoiaire and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Fillmore St.: phon« Jark«nn 2S1.
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
WILSON BROS., storage and moving; covered
vans. Tenth and Market; phene South 762.
BOUGHT. Fold, rented, repaired, needle* and
shuttles: reduced rates. 143 6th; phone Mint 43.
ALL kinds bought, sold and repairing guaran-
teed. Charles Plamhork. 151S Mission, nr. 1nth.
SEWISG MACHI.VKS AXD SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged; re-
pairing Jowest rates; open even. 205 4th st.
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections male;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO.,
415 Montgomery st.. rooms 9-10: tel. 55Sft.
ROOMS papered from $2 50: whitened. $1 up
painting done. Hart— iftn Paint Co.. 319 Third
LADIES— Ohlchester's English Pennyroyal Pills
are the best: safe, reliable: take no other:
send 4c stamps for particulars. "Relief for
Ladies," In letter by return mall: at rtroi?-
glets. Chlchester Chemical Co., Philadel.. Pa.
ODD FELLOWS' Cemetery Association — Th>»
annual meeting of the lot owners of the Odd
Fellows' Cemetery will be held on Monday,
S-pptember 24, ]9$0. at 2 p. m., at the office
of the association. Point Lobos ave., for the
election of trustees, etc. By order of the
BoarJ of Trustees.
GEORGE T. H0HEN', Pres.
GEORGE PEXLIXGTOX. Sec.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
nOOHS TO LET — Fnrn. anil Unfnrn.
MASON, 1301— Nicely furnished i rooms fcPlet":
single and en suite.
MINNA. 667, comer Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room, SI per week; transient.
O'FARRELL. 20 — Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; electric lights; day, wk., mo.
O'FARHELL,, lSSl-Two nicely furnished rooms;
sun all day; $10 and $3.
PIXE. 1»7 — Large sunny rooms, newly fur-
nished complete. In strictly private family.
ROSED ALE House, 319 and 321 Ellis St.— Kooms,
night £.'c to $1, week SI 25 to $4; open night.
ROYaT! HOUSE, 12S Ellis st.— Incandescent
light: readinK room, smoking room and ladies'
parlor; room*, per night, 35c to tlu'J; week, 12
to $8; month. SS to S20. elevator on office
floor: roc:ns with hot and cold water; baths.
SHKItMAN" Apartment House. 2S EiKhth St.,
near Market — Furnished or unfurnished.
SIXTH, 13<5— Furnished sunny rooms; single or
suites; also rooms for light housekeeping.
TAYLOR. S10— Ijirge sunny front room. $15:
another. H2: handsome suite, $50; all newiy
furnished; private.
THIRD. 87— Nice, clean, furnished rooms to let;
$1 25 and Jl 50 week.
TURK, 542— Plnclo mom with bath for grentle-
nir.n. ;4 50 prr month.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
- received at Call bianoh office. 23CO Flllmnre gt.
A BRANCH office fur Call advertisements and
subscriptions has teen cetablished at 109«
Valencia st.
ROOMS A\D UOARD.
O'FAMIELL, 605 (Johnson House)— Lerze ele-
pant Bunny rooms, with board, suitable fnr
three or four In family, including- private bnth
and dreFBins- room; must be Been to be ap-
preclated; reasonable; references.
MCALLISTER. HO 1 *— Board and room; reason-
able.
BOARD and rooms at 415 First St., near Har-
rison.
BAILBOAD TBAVEL.
MotiTiiKKM ravina cohmit.
(r*cirtu ht— rKM.t
Train* Irmr nnd trv «lnr lit nrrlia Ml
MAM ii:»%( l<ir<).
(Main Line, t oo: of iHrket SUeet)
imvi — From SsrTKiiBKK 12, 13C0. — abbits
*7:«tt* Benida, Kuliiin. Elmira, VaeaTQte.
Rotcssy ami aaerara «ntn # 7iI3f
•7iou« Shuu Express— D«»U. WiUiama(for
Butleit Springs). Wlllon, K«d
Bluff. Portland. *7:l3r
*?:3»a Marcluei. S»n Uuiniin.Valleju. Napa,
CalistogaauU.Hauu K«a» *Cil<lp
•S:OOa DavU. WuodUnd. Kai^bts Landing.
MuT«Till«. orn'iilo. *7>tSp
••iiOO* AiltuM.- Kxpress— 4^zden aod East *12i*Ap
•H-.oh \ KJtff, Tncy, tathron, SiocUon »»i13a
•»i^i»4 (JaM ,li>*r. l.ltrriuur?. .iiouktou.
l.n.r. Kaeraiuvlilil. PtkCrTtUle.
« .t:«iya*i:'.-. 1'liicii, K«.I I'.iuir »li|-»-
¦XiSAa Oak>Ui<>. Chinese auiiur*. Outers. .. *4il3r
•!•:»<>, IliijwxrU. .Nil.i*u<l >V»j Mutioin. *l l:»l*
••J:i>u « 1/ h Ante'es Eipre** — Marlinex,
Tracy, i.»u.t'.;.. -> o-xt .>>. Mereetl
Kr— i.., »...l Lo, Anso^ei > *7»1."»F
•»-.»»* Vail..)... HaM—iaM >V.y .'Station* "aii-ir
•IWittU. Th- oip:Ui,.1 I.I "i-l-< \jdeu, Veo-
?er, Ui.bIi*. t'hicari ••.43f
•IIiOOa Nil- p. tiriieiitr.fi, ->.w;r*m-m.>. Men-
dots. JTrrauow U»ufurd. Vbalia,
IVrtm »illo •••I3r
¦I 1:OOa liTe— nnre. - J *r.«T G -•rh-n Jo&o-
tii>ii. U.kTsri ¦¦til, Los Aogeies
•I4:«0m iUjirir. s. .\iir*»iid W»y nUUaiil. *2i4*r
«li»»r II isi ¦will n Ult«*(M— tm«a fS:i>(>*
•:»:oi>i- ll»yr.r.1«, NiU«»n<l Way Statious. *i*t«»r
•Ituuc Martin— ' . Man IT»— nil. V *.lei...
M«|iw. Illft »na« Santa lti>«m "Itilli
•l:U«r li-iiii-ij», W.c:.rv Haeratiitnto.
U-,....tU,,,i. Ui.«Kt.t3 l.*ml!iij{,
W«ry«»llli-. Oc.xiiU •IH:I3»
. MiSiir N!.«. >.Hii .l..-r»ml Si»cktnii *7il3p
•SiMrl ba Owl Uiuited— Tracy. Freaoo.
l!»k..r!«afl.l. Mangiin for .Santa Bar-
bara. l/< n Augslei MO:1"H
•ArOttrStocttnn *»i49a
•J:«i»rNe» O.-l'-aa* Exprass— ll»ker»rt«ld.
N»nt» lUrimis. ).<«« Ancles, l»a.
ing. El r»«o. Now Orle&ua aud
Rial *7>***
•OsOOp Havw »n!-<, Nlleaamlbau Jo»u »7.4.->a
««:««» h V»l!ej "12: lip
•U:«i»r Oriental M«il-Oz.lea. CUejeuna.
Otuaha, Cblc«so •lSt-tSr
. -nrOOpOriei.t.l Mall— OgdeD, Denter,
Uraiu. Chin«fii •¦lll-ip
•7jOO- NUea. Tr«cy. Lkthrop. Stockton.... »l»iiap
•«:O«r Ot«».Miand Oalirotnia K M .r-».. s«o-
nuiwui... M»rj».ii;-. K^.l.tli.^.
|-.»tiiui-l. Pn« n i Hsumil mn.l Kit) •*¦«*
l*i»»f Vallejo. Turt Costa and Way »U
tlom IIIiOOp
t'OAVr DlftMlO.l (.WrotT <Jange).
(Foot uf Market Street. i
}7i-*»a Sum* Vtmz Eicnrsion for »»nta
Cruz anU rrinelyal Way 8taiiona {9iO3r
*8<I3a Newark. Outer <!Ile.,San Jus«. KVItuii,
Boii!ilttrCrrek,8aiilaOruxaii<t Way
HtetWa •».3i»r
tXISr Srw.rk. ('.nl.r.lii-. AinJoM, N»
Alm»<l«u. Fr-it», : . itunlilsr Creek,
' Santa (.'rm atxl 1'rincipal TVay
•Statloni *IOi.nn«
•4i l.ip Newark. San .!¦¦«•. l^ditni 1«i-i«*
g* i lap G'.gnwood. Feitnn, «%nt%«'nn o»i.1»t
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
itiuut ritmciMD-rjit «f luivl str-.i u* si —
•715 y.oo n.00.1. ¦. 1133 »180 13:39
•«:C3 18:C3 MiCar.n.
fr«w Mi lit SD~F.«l if Bro.a ¦.«?—•« 00 8:00 10.00a.m.
|13:C3 '1:33 »:C3 '3::o 1 1.23 •8:C3r.».
roivr Diitxioa auo*<\ {.*»**).
(Thlr.lnid r.mni-...l St«i )
lll:llli Oce».i V \nm. Monti, .-v.it »i»uci>c<i.. 1«lJVP
t7:on» San J»i— »..••! \v..j «n»!.i i., (Net*
Atiucbn ffilii— hffwli) *li3or
27iHOa Sonday Excursion fr Kan Jos«.
S«nta Cruz. Fatifio GroTo and
t-rincipal Wsy MUtious X*>33'
•U<O«4 KU.i .1. .«... Trr. Hill »— »>¦ Crux,
r»niite llmia> raj— ITaMsaX s *»
I. iii< t>l.|*i>». Hi:tf, Loinpoc *utl
Principal \V» T sutl.ma *4:l«r
•IO:tr»» Ran .l..i- ami U",, Ktettaua •«»»»«
MIlSll. r.«n.l.wr,I.o«<UVj#«..l >V »)sr,'lo»i *3i.t»p
fJ: tr, r h*,, M»«— ». I'.ilwl. itmmtm Park.
Palo Alto. s»nui';«r». M»u .Itum.
Tres Pirns. Hsmta t'mr.Saliu**,
Mont»re]r ami r»cilic Ofsn (IftirtlU
(:ii3»fti«o.loi.«M.| Way Sr.i I..,,. 1*3*9
tl:l.1r SanJoMan.t Prl'ieipn.1 W.jNutlnni "Jill*
t ,*>:UOp bavn Josf. Vc.it G>:o> mil rriudpal
W»j Sw.i.m:« t»:«»«
•">::tl»r 3«n .!..•<! »ii.| l*ri n_-n»_: Way Statiou* f*t3S«
•«::illpflaii Joaeaii.1 W»y Station* «»:«•»*
Hh45r San Jour an.l Way Stations »T:3l>r
A for Morning P fur A rtamnon.
* Daily. t Mun<1»y excoptad. : Uuuday only.
b .S uiir.iay odf.
a Saturday and Sunday . e Monday ooll.
I CALIFORNIA N3RTR¥cSTEEN RT. CO.
LESSEE
ISAM FRAHCISCO AND- NORTH PACIFIC
KAIL WAY COMPANY.
Tituron Ferry, Foot of Market St.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:30. 9:00. 11:00 a, m.; 12:JS.
»:20. 5:1». «:30 p. ra i. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 o. rc i. Saturdays— Extra Ulpa at 1:W
and 11:30 D. m.
SUNDAY3-S:M. 9:J3. U:C0 a. rn.: 1:». 3:M,
E:CO. <:20 D. m.
SAN RAFAEL, TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DATS— «:10. 7:50. 9:20. 11:10 a. m. ; 11:43.
1:40, 5:1S p. m. Saturdays—Extra trips at
1:53 and «:35 d. m.
SUNDAT8-8:I0. S:40. 11:19 a. m.; 1:40. 1:40.
B:C5, C:25 r. m.
Between Sa,a Francisco and Schuetxen Par*
same schedule nm above.
L«ar« J In EfTect. I Arrive
San Francltco. [Apr. 13. 1300.' San Frar.clscow
We-k I Sun- I I Sun- I We»t
Days. ( days. | Destination.] days. 1 Days.
7:30 am SCO am Novato. 10:40 am! 8:40 ant
J;30pm 1:30 am Petalumi. S:ni runlii:!' an
1:13 pm 8:00 pm Santa Itoaa- 7:35 pm! 6:20 pra
I Pulton.
Windsor. 10:» aa»
, Healdsburgr.
Lytton.
I Oeyservllle.
t -M pm| 1:00 am Cloverdal*. 7:33 pm <:20 pm>
7:30 ami . I Hopland I [10:15 ara
1:39 pm[ S:t*) am! and Uklah. I 7:U pm! <:20 pm,
7:30 am W:2i am
8:00 am QueraeTllle. T.SS pm
t:30 ici «:J0 pm
7:30 am! S:00 am Sonoma 9:15 ami $:40 azn
and
8:10 praj S:CO pm Glen Ellen. «:C5 p— i) 1:20 pta
7:30 a— it S:CO a— i! 113:40 a— i!10:ZS a— i
3:30 pm! S:CO pm! Eebastcpol. | 7:33 prn, 6:20 prn
Stages connect at Ranta -r.n«a for Mark West
Spring's and White Sulphur Springs: at Pulton
for Altnina: at Lytton for Lytton Springs: at
Oeys»rvH!e for Skacss Sprtr.cs: at Cloverdalsi
for the Geysers; at Hopland for Duncava
8prln«;», HIchland Pprlnrs. Kelseyvllle, Carls-
bad Springs, Soda Bay. Lakeoort and Bartlett
Sprlncs: at Ultlah for Vichy Sprln»— , Saratoga
Sprinirs. Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
Fprln«». Upper L*K». Porno. Potter Valley.
John Day'f, RlTerslde, LleTley*», Bucknell's.
Sanhedrin Helfhts. Kullville, Orr"* Hot
Springs, Mendoelno City. Fort Bray^, West-
port. Usal. V-'inif. Laytonvllla. Cummins.
Bell's Sprint—. Harris. Olsen's. Dyer. Scot'.*
and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday ronnd trln tickets at
reduced rates.
On Sunday round trip ttcitats to all point*
fcerond San Rafael at naif rates.
Ticket office*. 650 Market at.. Chronicle bids.
H. C. WHITING. R. X. RTAN.
General Manager. On. Pass. Agent.
HORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausallto F«rry.
Commencing April 22, 1300.
FROM aAN FRANCISCO TO MILL. VALLEY.
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DATS— 7:00. »3:30. »:30. 11:00 a. m.j
HAS. 'IMS. S:15. 4:15. •5:15. «:18. «:40 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and Saa
Rafael, on Mondays, Wednesdays. Saturdays
and Sundays, at 3:00 and 11:35 p. m,
SUNDATS-7:00. »9:00. "lO:*, 11:00. 11:30
a, m.; 12:45. »l:30. 1:30. »3:45. 5:00. «:00. 7:28
p. m.
11:00 a. m. does not run to San Rafael Bua-
days.
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL. TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DATS— 6:35. IMb. 7:50. «:40. »1I):U a.
m.: 11:30. 1:15. J:15. *3:30. 4:30. 5:30 t>. m.
I EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays]
and Saturdays at *4:45 and 10:20 n. rn.
SUNDAYS— 6:15. »9:50. »_:0C a, m.; »13:0»
m.: 1:00. 2:15 *J:3). 4:M. '5:43. »:43, IiSO, 10:»
p. m.
Trains marked *•> start from S»n Quentln.
FROM MILL VALLET TO SAN FRANCISCO,
WEEK DATS— 5:53. 6:45. »:00. 8:55. 10:30 a,
m. : 12:35. 1:45. t'Jtt, 1:30, 4:50. 6:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:20 p. m.
8UNDAT8— 6:35. S:05. 10:05. 11:10 a. m.; 12:13.
1:50 2:M. 3:45. 4:63. 615. 7:05. 10:30 p. m.
THROUOU TRAINS.
7:C0 a. m. week daya— CazaJcro and way ft*.
tlons.
3:15 p. m. Saturdays— Caxadero and way stsjn
ttorui.
8:C0 a, m. Sundays— Cazadero and way sta-
llot.«.
12:4S p. m. Sundays — Point Keves and way sta*
tlors.
Santa Fe
Trains— Daily :
Leave Markit-street Ferry Depot. 4
L»e. San Francisco. I 3:00 a m 4:10 p ml 8:00 p m
Arr. Stockton 12:30 p m 7:15 p m 11:05 p m
" Merced 2:43 p m 1:18 am
'* Fresno 4:20 pm 3:05 am
•' Vlnalla 6:00 pm 4:50 am
" Tulare 6:2: p m 5:10 am
" Hanford 5:31pm 7:06 am
" Bakersfleld ... 8:S0 p m 7:30 a ro
** Denver 10:00 am ¦
." Kansas City... 5:13 p — i
" Chicago .*. 7:40 a m .
9 a, m. train Is tte Overland Express. Corre-
sponding train arrives at 6 p. m. dally.
4:10 p. m. Is Stockton Local. Corresponding
train arrives 11:03 a. m. dally.
8:00 p. m. is Fresno and Bakersfleld Express,
with Sleeping- Cars fcr both cities.. Correspcnd-
lnc train arrives at S a. m. daily.
OFFICES— «1 Market st. and In Ferry Depot,
San Francisco: 1113 Broadway. Oakland.
E^Frlends are resoectfully Invited to at-
tend the solemn requiem mass, which will be
celebrated for the repose of her soul, this
day (Tuesday), at St. Rose's Church, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock. Interment private. In
Holy Cross Cemetery. Please omit flowers.
Remains at the parlors of McAvoy & Co., 1235
Market street, between Eighth and Ninth.
CTFunexal services strictly private this day
(Tuesday), at 10:30 o'clock, .at his late resi-
dence. 90C Ellis street, thence to Odd Kellowa"
Cemetery for cremation.
SOMPS— In this city, September 17, 1B00, Emll
F. Somps, beloved son of P. S. and Pauline
SompB, a native of Sati Francisco, aged 27
years 1 month and 8 days.
IHTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 9 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 2390 MlsMon street, corner Twenty-
second, thence to French Church of Notre
Dame dea Vlctolres, where services will be
held at 10 o'clock.
BUTTON— In this city, September 17. 1900, the
infant son of John Grant and Mary E. Sutton,
a native of San Francisco, aged 7 days.
"WALKER— In this city, September 15, 1900,
Mary, dearly beloved wife of the late Wil-
liam Walker, and mother of Mrs. Frederick
.Warner, azed C6 years.
C7"Notice of funeral .hereafter. ¦
REINSTEIN—In thi3 city, September 16, 1900,
Oscar Keinsteln. beloved father of Mrs. M. P.
Wolf. Mrs. Charles I- Shalnwald. Mrs. MII-
ton S. Eisner. Miss Augusta Relnsteln and J.
B. Reinsttrln. a native of .Germany, aged 74
years 10 months and 2 days. »
K7"rne funer.il will take place this day
(Tuesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 412 Taylor street, thence to St. Mary's
Cathedral, where a solemn requiem ma.«s will
be celebrated for the repose of her scul. at
10 o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary Ceme-
tery.
NOP.RIK— In this city, September 17, 1300, Sadie,
beloved wife of Alexander Norrie, mother of
Mervln. Isabel nnd Elisabeth Norrie. and sis-
t?r of Mi?s Maria Kenney and Mrs. M. Allen,
a native cf Vallejo. Cal., aged 40 years. (So-
noma. Cal.. papers please copy.)
[CT" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend funeral services
this day (Tuesday), at 10:30 o'clock, at the
family residence. School Ftreet, between Per-
alta nnd Boston avenues. Upper Fruitvale. In-
terment Mountain View Cemetery.
MA HONEY— In this city. September 16,
1C00, Catherine, wife of Edward I. Mahoney.
a native of County Cork, Ireland, aged 48
years and 1 month.
[dTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), nt 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence northeast corner of Harrison and Bealo
streets. Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery, by
electric funeral car.
GILLKSPIE— In this city, September 16, 1900,
Sarah Keutner, relict of the late C. V. Gil-
!es=i>i<-, a^ed S4 years.
(CT Funeral from Trinity Church, corner of
Bush and Gough streets, this day (Tues-
day), at 11 o'clock.
GREEN— In this city, September 17, 1900. Dan-
iel, beloved husband of Henrietta Green, son
of Gardner and Sarah Jane Green, and brother
of George, James and Fred Green, a native
of Alameda, Cal., aired 23 years 3 months and
23 days.
HAAS— In this city. September 16. 1900, Mar-
garet, dearly beloved and only child of John
and Jennie Haas, a native of San Ft-anctsco,
aged 15 years 2 months and 8 days. (Dubuque,
Iowa, papers please copy.)
C^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday) at 2 o'clock, from the residence
of her parents. 602 Second street, corner
of Brannan, thence to the First English
iEvanjjellcal Lutheran Church, Geary street,
between Go'ugh and Octavia, where services
will be held, commencing at 2:30 o'clock. In-
terment Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
HORADT— In this city, September 17, 190<\
Frank, youngest and beloved son of Louis
and Chrlsansla Horadt, and brother of Akata
and Chr. Horadt. a native of San Francisco,
ared 7 days.
LORETZ— In Fruitvale, September 13, 1900,
Louis Henry, beloved son of Louis and Emma
Loretz. and brother of Frank, Walter. Frie-
da. ?.Iaric nnd Henry Loretzj a native of
Fruitvale. ased 4 years 8 months and 18 days.
C7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Thursday,
September 20. at Odd Fellows' Hall. Sulsun.
on the arrival of the train leaving San Fran-
cisco at 8 o'clock a. m. Remains at the resi-
dence of Mrs. H. R. Muzzy, 2122 Pacific ave-
nue.
CROUSE— In- this city. September 17, 1900, John
K., beloved husband of Louisa Crouse, and
father of Mrs. AV. C. Klefer. a native of
Akron, Ohio, aged 72 years 3 months and 13
days.
E7"Frlend3 and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday?, at 11 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 1019 Geary street. Interment Cypress
Lawn Cemetery.
CULVER— In this city. September 17, 19C0,
Susie, beloved wife of Orrln Culver, mother
of Susie Bell Culver, and sister of George M.
and James Stewart, a native of Andover,
Mass., aired 52 years.
DANVILLE— In this city. September 17, 1900, at
8 Fourteenth street. Samuel Barcroft Dan-
ville, beloved husband of the late Jennie Dan-
ville, father of Annie, Harry, Lottie and
Charles Danville, and brother of Mrs. Alice
Piorce and Miss Maria Danville of Marysvllle,
Cal.. a native- of Illinois, aged 47 years 8
months and 14 days. (Marysvllle. Cal., papers
please enny.)
E7Notice of funeral hereafter.
DRAGER-In this city. September 17, 1900,
Mary A. Drager. beloved mother of John, Jo-
seph. Harry and William Drager, a native of
Germany, aged SI years and 3 months.
ERICKSON— In this city, September 16, 1900
. Frank O. L.. beloved husband of Annie Erlck-
son, and father of Alma Erickson, a native of
Stockholm. Sweden, aged 45 years 1 month
and 18 days.
IC?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
the California Undertaking Company. 405
Powell street, near Post. Interment Laurel
Hill Cemetery-
FLEMER— In this city, September 17. 19C0, Lou-
isa, dearly beloved wife of Henry Flemer.
mother of Annie, William, Lulu and Etta
Flemer. and sister of Richard R. and "Wil-
liam Speckter, a native of Schweringrer. llan-
over, Germany, aged 45 years and 2 days.
funeral parlors of Charles H. Jacob & Co.,
313 Mason street, between O'Farrell and
Geary- ¦ . .
COSTIGAN— In this city, September 17, 1300.
• William J., beloved husband of Kate N. Cos-
tlgan, and father of Dr. George D. Costlgan,
U. S. Navy, and Ralph E. Costlgan ; of St.
Joseph. Mo., a native of New York, aged 67
years 2 months and 9 days. O3rooklyn. N.
Y., papers please copy.) , . •
\ AT 116 Kearny et.. room 9. respectable private
plare to borrow on watches, diamonds; lowest
ratfs: take elevator. Telephone Da via 833.
.009 AT « per cent in turns to cult In city
also J15C.O0O on l*rce ranches: also en second
nu.rtfcaget. It. J. MERCER & SON. 412 Pine.
/NT smount by private party on furniture and
plar.es; no removal; low rates; confidential.
P-ONELLI. SOI Jones ft., corner Eddy,
WHY lay rent? We loan money to bulla witn-
monthly payments. Home Building
Company. :_2 Sar.Rome Ft., room 2.
!k: » N , E . Y Ioar : e<1 «*lar>d people without security.
HILL, r. 44. Merchants Ex.. 431 California.
OX furniture and pianos; no removal: conn-
gent'.ai; on diamonds, etc. 23 Taylor St.
TO salaried people without eeeurltv: all bust!
ne f j. confidential. Tou«l«-y Co.. ZZ\ Parrott big.
ON furniture, pianos: 3 i*t cent t«r month- no
con-.rr.lff.on. Mrs. Wilson, rm. 101. 6 Eddy it!
C *f2 l r U fimim-Vi 1 " 1 peopll: on note witnout
inderser. MORRELL. 60S Examiner building.
ON furniture, p'.anoe. without removal: ro com-
mltflon; private. LICK. 116 McAllister rt.
TO wlaried _ people without collateral or In-
oorfcer. S. F. Discount Agency. 143 Phelan b!g.
A VVHEK'F news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call
A pf.os, m wrarprr. for rr.ii'.ir.g. tl per year.
MCSICsVsV^I > STHISIKXTS.
UTKON MAUZY BABOAXK LIST ~~~
_ . 3«8 Tost et.
S»o<lart. e'juare .. ?_;
French uprteht £¦
JIfillett & Iiavln ""¦ -00
Rteio-my. fairlr eood '..'.'. {7
Majestic, neaily new .. '""^O
•dickering. Urge die ...]11!."!.'M'" 253
r.'.chmond. large size 250
l>eck«?r. cabinet prand 275
Byron Mauzy. nearly new ...'.'.'.'.375
Bobtner. e'.iRWUy used 475
Can and tee th© late*t bargains In clanos
in the Pacific Coast No trouble to show
coods.
A HALLETT & DAVIS, rosewood cn.ee $50 00
Edwards & Son, rosewood cas« 75 w
Ancn. rosewood case 95 05
Hallet & Davis !.13j oi
Weber, finest condition 173 00
Manner & Sons 175 00
Klr.g-t burr, oak 190 >0
Ftar.daru, used a few months 2S5 00
Ee.«y payment*, cheet music and everything
In the music Une. Chlckerlns. Vose. Sterling
CR-ency. BEXJ. CT'ItTAZ &. SON, 16-1^-20
OTajrell gt.
A RELIABLE piaso can be bought only from
ft reliable hous». The ZENO MAUVAIS MU-
SIC CO. Is such a, house. Their address !¦
TCS Market st.
IXtXT fall to pee the beautiful Decker & Son
bahy ftrands ?ust received at MAUVAIS', 7C9
Market rt. Thry are the best ever shown In
the cltj-.
I^O matter -what vou want In the line of mu-
sical po^xis, you can always <3o best at MAU-
VAIS 1 . T£^ Market gt.
ALL purchaser* r.{ plar.os at SHERMAN.
CLAT & CO.'S hnve the privilege of ex-
rhar.^'.r.B for a STEISWAT «my time within
xt-.rr-f year* ar.d full purchase price allowed;
the best makers of every grade tn select from:
beautiful r;«>w uprights $6 rash. W per month:
some pood plants for S3. J4 and JS per month.
SHERMAN. CLAT & CO.. PTEINWAT
nKALEKS. corner Kearny »nd Sutter ets.,
8an FrEr.tisco: corner Broadway and Thir-
teenth ets., Oakland.
AT a discount, to establish our new location.
we will irive 10 per cent off on pianoa; eo— le
tecond-hand bargains; 3 Heine uprtghw, 1527;
5 fte.nways. Hit; 1 Chickerinr. J1C5; 1 Ma-
frrr. & Hamlin. RW. and 20 other bargains;
; ; rT.tf= for Hallett & Davis and 5 other makes.
HTINT PIANO CO.. Ill Geary St.. near City
'-¦f Pa'-iv
ABSOLCTELT the oldest and largest house
»-ftt of Chicago is KOHLER _ CHASE'S. 26
r? ar. 1 30 O' Farrell Ft.; pianos, organs and
all o;b»^- tnunical Instruments of all «rrs.des
erd prteesi: terms easy; prices lowest: every-
•^.'.rc pcFlble flor.e \u please and satisfy the
customer.
POME eperta] bure-alni: this week in hirh-— rafle
S'ianof: Hardrr.an Kt«a«y, Dewlne Bros.,
'•haw Tlrcr.. etc. REVVING. Flood building.
A !CICS urriKht piano, us«(5 a short time; must
he 5o!1 iirme'iiately: ov.-ner leaving city.
R'Km SI. F!r>od bui!<iir.»t.
:N Ftrinpe; never wet; br-rx In the world:
r.2.r.:r.g ar.d rppairtrj; of all kinds of musical
:-•.-.:— ier.ts. Carl C Anfleryon. 417 C,ear>' st.
T'^n «al»— Eiefar.t walnut. caHn»t grand up-
ricM. ohe«iii. or will rent. 3«J Kearny st.
El ICGHTEB of upright plan^e for etor-
I c- tat op. Wilj=on"« ?rorage. 1710 Market Ft.
i-PEDAL. 6t*lnway: perfect order. J17S.
KKKFFE'S. 9:C Market Ft.. b«-t. ith and 6th.
• jENTl.EMAN leavlnir city will nacrlflc* t-le-
fi-.r.t upr'eht trand jiano. ZZ4 Golden Gate av.
HE '.n the swim; rert a new plann for J3 p»r
• -.nth. SOiTT-crnTAZ <^r\ . r,O lliy« »t.
JuiiOAIN' — tioo<l pimnn C h^»r>: Installment' M
r»r month. SCBICITZ. :? McAllister «t.
. S. BADGER. 412 Pa^rarnento Bt.. agent for
Fr«fHl* Rji-on and Hullett & Davis pianos.
Bl "RIOR vlo'.tni". ilth*-— >. ol<1 ar.d new. H.
''"I.t.KR. m?k»»r. repairer. 2 Latham place.
i'l'CTI^N ra>: no- nlanoo; 15 pavments;
orncEs and stoiies to let.
. : r v*rA~?PHEcl<ET? b-J ! Ml nE."?:: Market -
Offices, light end fjnr.y. J15 to J20 i^r month;
.- ¦ • heat. Janitor and use of tel. included.
FMALL Ftcre; Z rvimf; Brn^d for tailor, sboe-
tnaker, berb^r; chpap. rzi Califorcia «t.
~ f< rr-r.t— Modern f^re: well lighted; 25x1(0;
>.-• r >as<-r.«rl«>. -?<: Haven rt.
TALMISTRV.
? VAN BAKER, Bcifntific palmistry, 722
y.i'.y. nr. Polk; no Ficn: fcours, 1 to 8 p. m. :
S^n<iay by appointment: phor.e Polk 1155.
MME. NEERGAARD h»)« removed to TOO Post;
bocri 1 to 5 eve., and Bvaday by appointment.
FERSUMALj.
XHJ5 ifviJSON 'rIVEK OOl.* ~~* "*"
HOPKE BROS.
Matt— >*s*f ar.il pHIOfri ma(!e to order, recov-
?red and renovated: hor.est »?ork guaranteed:
pricet d'-fy competition : Sn»upholster>'; phone
C3CS: factory. 3lg and 3C9 Eleventh st. : fi— it-
rlB.it, cleaning and dyelr.g. Hi O' Farrell. near
To well, ftan Francisco.
JLT-IANISM.
Scientific Healing.
IV) Golden Gate ave.
DR. T>. MACLEAN moved his office to Donohoe
building, rnomr K7 and S.S. phone Folsom 16il;
Tf-rMf-rx-c Wtl Page, phone F<-11 7806.
LEDERER'S Quintonica Hair Tonic S5c box;
foairio S?hair.i«->o 6c jarkage. -
KLECTRIC lights in every roorr ¦— Winchester
Hotel. «4 Third ft., r.ear Market: 700 rooms;
Jic to $ 1 SO per night; DM to 15 per week;
fre» 'bus and bsppatre to and from the f»rry.
LKDEUER sell* El Pprfwrto Veda Rouge. f,Oc:
it t>ea'Jt!fies the face: firFt quality hair rolls
at a bargain. 123 Stockton st.
EI'ITS to order on lr.5t*Hments: $15 upward;
fl a ««?k. LEON LEVO8, 1117 Market st..
bftwwn Seventh and Eighth.
LEDEREn, the popular hairdresser: up-to-
date iateat fadt In hair rtyles 2Lc or.ly.
PILES— 300 x^rmanent cures !n San Francisco.
who can be seen: no operation: no pain: par-
ticulars sent. Ad. Physician, box 1P50. Call.
Ur.s L'E VOLli, hair<Jreyi*er. removed from
<2t % ? to J27 K!l;s ft. obrve L*-avrn worth.
ETJIXS to order «m easy payments. Art Tal'.or-
Ing Co.. 1644 Mkt.. under Ft. Nl.-holas Hotel.
HAIR quickly curled or waved by using Tal-
'-otf* curlinr fluid: 55c a bottle; druggists.
IV A NTED— Old-Cathlrrtipd bllver. bra", copper
war*; curion, ail detcrii.tlonsi S25 Dupont st.
!-¦'.. V 'iFDI 'MS Egyptian Henna restores gray
air to Its natural color: ». «t all druggists.
•~n-— clothlnr. old gold ar.d silver bought:
".Ftal. CQLTMAN'P. 5-B Kearny ft.
I'll VSlCIANsT ASO SJ^H^P. 1 ? _!?_*_
IP. <¦¦ r~'ri-DONNELL— Orfire and r^idene-.
K?1U Market rt.. UH~W Sixth ar.d Seventh.
i« i ¦; k i. i:sT.i t_>— ci t v — ro n s a lii
A. i! HP^C^~X^o77~W7~Market «t,
R*»J Instate and Investment Apents.
Full Charge Taken of Property.
t;r<, r, >*> - r \\\\*-f\ corner; i2sl37:fi; dovrntjwn:
Hjie'ndid tuildlnr: J'ays better '.ban
ra.OOO-Two oorn€rs: lCfixlTO feet: close to Van
N«*» eve. and McAllister st.
J4C.0CO— c;o— ier; rt jodrrn bull«linr»: r*j-« 8 p«r
oeat nf-t; lot fc0xl27:«.
J20 000-«""om»>r- GO fe^t front; vicinity Jones
ar.d Oary »ts.; choicest corner In this
district.
E3.KO-7& teer. front rn S'xth rt.; 4 rtorea and
»> flati'; rents f240u per year.
IK^EQO— Rents $145: r.ew improvements; E..is st.
119.004— BMjr-a«. flats: rents t»5; 2 frontage*.
fs.<ihr>— Jicr.tf t7f; new flats near Van Ne«s ave.
Ji.6%-4 nice flau; rents »46. lot 20x115 feet.
CHOICE UNIMPROVED BARGAINS.
tK.OCO— r7:Ixi:7:« feet; water front: 3 front-
agt«s; Stocfctcn rt. and North Point;
this is an j«ii-al manufacturing fit*-.
JCi.OCO— 137:Cxl2S Ccft; northw»»«t corner Gough
and Clay etc.; magnlficcr.t residence
Flte; tine marine view.
IJC.COfr— fiuutheaet corner Market and Church
>»t».; *5ixl<JS fe<t; 2 car lines; want offer;
must m>11. ¦
A. M. FPECK & CO.. C€7 Market rt.
t7iO WILL, build 4-room bay-window cottage;
will build in any tpwn around the bay; plans
furnished; low estimates given: drop portal.
FALFBURV. builder, rear of XiCJ Broadway.
Can Francisco. .. ...
REAL KSTATE — CITY — FOR SALE.
THE (rreatest bargain In Richmond: nothing
to eauaU It: two of the, choicest and best lo-
cated lots; 25x120 each; fenced In; all street
work done and ready for building; taxes paid
up to next year; only $600 each; Eleventh
•ve., near Clement St.; read the real estate
advertisement s and you will see theso are
the ch» apest. lots in San Francisco. For par-
ticulars call on
W. J. GUNN,
MO California st-. between Montgomery and
Kearny.
FOR SALE— Gr«»at bargain; new S-room park
residence; substantial; handsome; cheap;
terms to suit purchaser: owner on premises,
826 Clayton ft., south of Haight; electric cars
iass the door.
¦WANTED for cash customer, property bet.
Market. Putter and Polk sts. ; paying 7 per
cent. W. E. BARNARD. 1118 Brdwy.Oakland.
TIIK choicest builuir.K lots in Richmond: on
lllh ave., near Clen:ent st.; only tVX> each;
. easy ;erms. W. J. CUKN. 550 California Bt.
tli.OCO— CORNER lot. KOxlM; new bulldlnir.
Briery »nd bar. ftcck and fixtures: on end
of car line; clearing $300 mo. Box 3716. Call.
FOR rale— A 4-roomed cottage, to be removed.
24i:. Harrison St.. bet 2Cth «nd IHt.
MODERN hous-es built ilowest prices ;plans and
estimates furnished. Campbell. 1147 Mission.
MISSION cottage; 6 rooms and bath; Urge lot;
terms to suit buyer. Owner 413 Kearny st.
RBitl. ESTATE COUXTBY For Sale
AUCTION 6A&E. "
THE LOS MEDANOS RANCHO.
| Property of the L. L. ROBINSON ESTATE.
Comprising about SiX-0 acres of rich farming
! land, located near Antioch, in Contra Costa
I County, will be eold as a whole
AT AUCTION.
SATURDAY. SEPTEMBER O. 1900, at 13
o'clock noon.
At the Robinson home place. Los Medanos
»tst!on. near Antioch. This fine ranch has a
' frontage of several miles on th<9 San Joaqu'.n
' River and Is traversed by both the Southern
Pacific and Santa Fe railroads. The stations
I of Cornwall sjid Lop Medanos are on the ranch.
i At the i>ame time and place will be sold the
i town lots belonging to the same estate, located
j in Antioch and New York Landing, in quantl-
' ties to eult purchasers.
Intending purchasers from San Francisco
should cet tickets to Lou Medanos.
For further particulars see catalogues.
BOVEE, TOY & SONNTAG, Auctioneers.
C24 Market St.. San Francisco.
i S5C-ACRE mountain home, near Mount Shasta
j and Pissons. 24 miles; 2.=W level, with meadow;
buUdinfrs, apple orchard, fences, suRar pines;
grand scenery ; must soil; $4000. SALSBURT,
459 Ninth St.. Oakland^
tlWXV— RANCH. SO acres, for sale; 5-room house
on place; fenced in; plenty water: few fruit
and shade trees; 65 acres pood to farm, the
rest good pasture; 2V4 miles from Byron
gprlnjrs; 3 miles from Byron: must be sold
en account of mortgage. Write to P. O. box
14. Byron. Cal.
ACCURATE personal knowledge— each of th«
8000 ranches on my SALE an<1 EXCHANGE
list. More than all other agents in this city.
N. D. S1CKELS, the land agent. 6 Geary St.
CITY property and farms exchanged or sold:
lists free. MARION GRIFFIN. 719 Market
gt.. room 1.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS,
ALAMEDA REAL KSTATE.
j BARGAINS in improved and unimproved Ala-
i meda real estate In all parts of Alameda on
! prfv terms. Alameda Land Company. 1500
! Park ft.. Alameda: .0 Pret ft.. San Francisco.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY ItEAL ESTATE.
| FOP. PALE AT A GREAT SACRIFICE.
A pretty residence on a large corner let KWx
! 112 feet; street Improved on both sides; situ-
ated in the Hllleca?? Tract. one of the
1 choicest locations in Berkeley; house Ftrictly
i up to date. Call at once as property must
I b* sold. O. G. MAY & CO.,
2123 Center *t. Berkeley. Cal.
i I..":- 1 — NEW 5-room hou»e. -with all modern Im-
provements: corner lot fronting Telegraph
I ave.; only 10 minutes of university grounds.
Apply to MASON & McLENATHEN, adjoin-
lng P. P.. Berkeley station.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
I
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
j , "~ r ~~- ~~~-~-~
J CAPITALISTS, sttention — A buildlnc site you
n.lght seek for a_ges and never find its equal;
comer Sixteenth ave. and Nineteenth St.,
! opposite Independence Park. Ea*t Oakland;
I lot 1JC1140: from its apex, easy of access, the
i »urr our.dlng hil'.s. valleys and waters form
predated; the right party desiring to build,
inducements will be offered; 4C5 Seventh St.,
Oakland. H. Z. JONES.
Land Owner.
i $150 CASH. SS 50 menthly— Plain cottage of t
rooms; good well of water: 2 fine- lots, nicely
fenced; grand view; excellent soil; superb
climate: no fogs nor raw winds: situate in
Fruitvale. close to 2 electric car lines, fine 3-
Ftery pehoolhouFe and 60-foct boulevard; price,
in all $450. Call or send for circular. (55 Sev-
enth «.. Oakland; carriage free. H. Z.
JONES, owner.
OAKLAMJ HOrSES TO LET.
I GOOD houses. Get lift from GEO. W. AUS-
TIN & CO.. 1008 Broadway. Oakland.
j OAKLA.VD FUllXITt'IlB FOR SALE.
! AN introduction to you from H. Scnellhaas. th«
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
ROOMS FOH HOUSEKEEPING.
CHESTNUT, 253, cor. Dupont— Fine furnished
rooms for housekeeping; cheap.
CLAY. 2421. near Fillmore— 2 large unfurnished
rooms; upper flat; yard: water; rear: rent J7.
FIFTH. £>3— 3 connoting rooms, SH, 2 beds;
also 2, S10; single. J^^oJ^
GOLDEN GATE. 622—2 sunny rooms furnished
for housekeeping; gas stove, running water.
HYDE. 4CS— Sunny front parlor suite. 3 rooms
complete for housekeeping.
IVY ave.. 217. near Franklin— 2 very cozy rooms.
Ftove. eink; no children; $3.
MARKET. 2^2—13: 2 sunny housekeeping
rooms; private family; adults only.
OAK 119 — Sincle rooms furnished for house-
keeping. $4, $6 and $S. Call after 4 o f clock;
see these.
VtCTAVIA. 1403. cor. Geary— Sunnvb.ty window;
gas burners; cooking; large closets; running
water.
O'FAP.KKLL, 123A— Nicsly furnished sunny
rocmn. with privilege of light housekeeping.
PIEKCE. 343. near Oak— 3 or 4 furnished
rooms: reasonable: sunny; stove and gas.
POLK, 522— Unfurnished housekeeping rooms;
bI^o single rooms; rent cheap.
TENTH. 123. near Market— Large funny front
rooms with kitchen.
TWENTY-THIRD. 2726, near Dolores— Two
runny bay-window rms. ; nice, neat, complete.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
! A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
FUbscriptlons has been established at 1036 Va-
lenrla st.
KOOMS TO LET — Fnrn. and Cnfnrn.
j A— llRL'NSWICK House, 148 Sixth— Itooms 25c
I to (1 per night: $1 25 to 15 per week, and light
housekeeping; open all nlfrht.
A Ql'IET and respectable home for light house-
keeping: ftultes }16 up; bath: teleiiiior.'-. hi.
James, MoAliiEter nnd l.iituna sts.
BURNETT. 1426 Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-
nished rms., suites, single; also unfurnished.
Bl'.SH. 234. necr Kearny— Nice furnished rooms,
$5 nr month and up.
BUSH. flO (The Elk)— Changed hands, newly
renovated nicely furn. sunny rms., $1 JO to V
week; VjC to $1 SO night. MRS. P. RANFT.
CAPP,~~I0— 3 large, sunny, unfurnished rooms te
a quiet family, without children.
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, cor. Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
EDDY. 473— Large sunny room, closets, run-
ning water, eas; Also single room.
GEARY. So6— Elegant punny front parlor, piano,
light hkpg. : Buites; other pleas, rms.: phone.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 727— Finely furnished
front room; gas; bath; gentleman; private;
reawinable^
GOLDEN GATE AVE.. ZVx— Sunny furnished
rooms. $6 to 810.
GRAND SOUTHERN, rcutheast corner Seventh
and Mission fits. — Sunny rooms, en suite or
single; ladles' parlor: readlns-room: elevator
HOWARD, t>29— Roonm from II week up to Sj;
Z'-yC to $1 night; also housekeeping rooms.
HOWARD, SS». cor. Cth— Orlando House— New
management; furnished rms. ; suites or single.
HUNT. », off Third— Furnished room to let.
with or without board. ¦ \
HYDE. 407R— Furnished room ; private family.
LAS PAL1IAS. 1S20 Market st.— Suite of 2 or >
rms.; private; bath; sin. rms.; board optional.
X 7 "^ Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
Qfir«^ ln tHS * l °* thetrjatrapntoi 1'rtvata
*miA» JS*3 W^esJiea, Lost Manhood Debility or
¦nwf(9 <1i»eaae wearing on bodyand mtnaand
V0mA|| *T!n Diseases. Th* doctorcureswhen
¦^mfSfffn "tnersfalL Try him. Ch»nte» low
i3SHn3»jRl<'tir«>B guarantee 1. Callorwrtta
Dr. 4. JT. UlBBOaT. B«x l»37. Saa FioadscaMAN JUMPS INTO THE WATER FROM THE BLUFFAT FORT MASON
AND IS DROWNED. BODY RECOVERED AND RECOGNIZED AT
THE MORGUE BY TWO STRANGERS WHO REFUSE TO IDEN
TIFY; it. \
THE LATE EMILE F. SOMPS.
YOUNG MISSION BUSINESS
MAN, WHO DIED OF CON
SUMPTION.
(Photo by Imperial Studio.)
M. J. WHITE, THE WELL
KNOWN NEWSPAPER ' MAN,
WHO HAS SOUGHT A NEW
SPHERE OF USEFULNESS.
.- • •• .
* 4
Kobert B. Ssarle's Estate.
The inventory and appraisement of the
estate of the late Robert R. Searle was
filed yesterday. The estate was found to
be. worth $46,843 52. • ,
Tho employes of the French laundries of
S. Bosq and A. Vallon gave a banquet last
night to their employers at a downtown
restaurant. The affair was given in cele
bration of the passing of the recent order
by the Board of ' Supervisors regulating
the hours of labor of laundry workers.
Banquet of I*aundry-"Workers.
St. Columba's booth will give a special
entertainment on Thursday evening at
Mission Turn Verein Hall, Eighteenth
street, between Valencia and Guerrero.
The object of the entertainment Is to
raise funds for the proper equipment
of St. Columba's booth at the fair
soon to be held for the benefit of St.
Paul's new church. Among- the manv
ladles who will participate In the enter
tainment are Mrs. Tetcr J. AlcCormick,
Mrs, R. 8. Shepston. Mrs. John Cronin,
Mrs - &• & 5W , M "!f u v - Welch and
Mrs. E. F. McFarland.
To Sing 1 at a Benefit.
The . Supreme Court has granted new
I trials to Benjamin I>eipsic, who was con
victed cf the crime of embezzlement and
sentenced to San Quentin for flve years,
and to E. J. Cole, who was convicted of
the crime of forgery and sentenced to
State's prison for eight years. J. F.
O'Brien of Ldvermore, who was convicted
of an alleged assault on a female resident
of that town, was granted a new trial on
the ground of erroneous instructions and
improper evidence belnp admitted by the
lower court. Emma Wahlpren's Judg
ment against the Market Street Railway
Company for $1003 damages was af
firmed. The court held that the Jury's
verdict was warranted by the evidence.
Miss Wahlgren was struck by a Sacra
mento-street car and sustained painful in
juries.
Granted New Trials.
Burglars in a Music Store.
The music store of Max Kolander, 148*
Market street, was entered by burglars
Sunday night and a fine Italian mandolin
was stolen. Entrance was effected by
forcing open a rear window. Kolander
£33% KS5SSA BSgJg™"
After being out about five minutes a
jury In Judge Cabaniss" court yesterday
afternoon found Harry Corbett, the pool
f-fller. and Joe Mohan, his clerk, guilty of
Felling a pool ticket on the Xeill-Moffatt
light. They will be sentenced to-day.
Poolsellers Found Guilty.
The Procession Will Be the Longest
of Its Kind Ever Seen in
This Cityi
The people of San Francisco will Boon
have a chance to form an Idea of the great
undertaking of the Ringling Brothers in
bringing' their immense circus and ¦ men
agerie to this coast. The ; parade of the
entire company and the big aggregation
of animals is one of the "show's features.
To-morrow morning at 10 o'clock the vast
hippodrome will start along the line of
march from the ground at Sixteenth and
Folsom streets.
The route will be over tho following
streets: Folsom to Sixteenth, to Howard,
to Second, to Market, to Montgomery, to
California, to Kearny, to Market, to
Valencia, to Sixteenth, to Folsom, to show
grounds.
The initial performance will be given to
morrow night.
What is commonly considered one of the
most remarkable feats ever accomplished
In the training of horses Is that achieved
by John O'Brien. He handles sixty-one
horses so that they move In unison at the
simple word of command, and form the
pyramid which Is pictorially set forth in
the colored posters that decorate the bill
boards of the city. . x
These anmals are beautiful specimens of
their kind, well bred, shapely and keenly
Intelligent.
Mr. O'Brien is rather a plain-looking and
decidedly modest man. There. are no airs
about him, and he is known to all the cir
cus people as "plain John O'Brien." It is
hard to picture in words the effect of this
beautiful act by the sixty-one horses.
There are five platforms, one above the
other, arranged in the form of a pyramid.
The apex of this pyramid is a magnifi
cent animal, upon which Mr. O'Brien sits
and directs the arrangement of the other
sixty horses. There are fifteen horses In
each set, and at the word of command
they go through many pretty maneuvers.
RINGLING BROS/ CIRCUS
WILL PARADE T0-M0RR0W
Dr. M. J. Fottrrll has resumed practice
et rooir.s 17 and 19. Phe'.an building. •
Deceased was a member of San Fran
cisco Lo<«je No. 3, Benevolent Order of
Elks. The funeral will take place on
Wednesday morning at 10 o'clock from the
late residence of the deceased, thence to
Notre Dame des Victoires (French church
on Bush street). The remains will be
borne to the grave by a detail of his
brother Elks.
E— MILE P. SOMPS. one of the best
known young business men in San
__ Francisco, died yesterday, after a
lingering illness, at the home of his
father. Pierre G. Somps, 253G Mission
street.
The young man was extremely popular
around town and had hosts of friends. In
assisting his father in the sodawater busi
ness he became a familiar figure around
the streets. About three months ago he
contracted a bad cold, and though re
quested by his parents to take a rest and
travel for his health he refused to relin
quish his work. He was stricken with
galloping consumption and for the past
two months had been confined to his bed.
The deceased was an only child and 27
years of age.
During the famous Currant trial Emlle
Somps was an important witness for the
prosecution, as he was one of the oincers
who discovered the body, of Blanche La
; tnont In the belfry of the church.
For the past seventeen years Mr. White
has been employed on the morning news
papers and won a name for being a con
scientious news gatherer. At the time of
hia election to his present position Mr.
White was employed as a reporter on The
Call and it was with regret that his su
periors received his resignation.
Colonel Parnell. whom Mr. White suc
ceeds, resigned the position of secretary
of the society on September 8, to take the
position of military instructor at St. Mat
thew's Academy. Since that time the di
rectors of the society have been looking
for a man worthy to succeed Colonel Par
r.ell. Mr. White was their choice.
The directors of the society purpose
widening the scope of the organization's
work. \\ lth an energetic secretary, who
Is familiar with the duties of his Import
ant position, they expect to make their
society of. even greater value to this grow
ing community.
In selecting Mr. White for this import
ant office, the directors of the society had
in mind his executive ability and his val
uable experience as a newspaper man,
which made him particularly adapted to
the work of the organization. The new
secretary will enter on his work with all
the zeal he has manifested while pursuing
the elusive news* Item, lie has a wide
acquaintance and innumerable friends
who will aid him in the work he has un
dertaken.
' ' : : 4*
mJ. WHITE, the well-known
newspaper man, was yesterday
o elected to succeed Colonel "W.
R. Parnell as secretary of the
California Society for the Prevention of
Cruelty to Children. - - .
Edrvcxo Per.r.ington. a colored man. was
r.rrcsted in the "tenderloin" Sunday nipht.
He had a his revolver In his pocket and
¦was charcr-d with carrying a concealed
veapon. He appeared before Judge Fritz
yesterday and was fined $100. with the al
ternatfcre of 100 days. While bein? led
to the prison he said to Bailiff
I-»o-uirtif-rty that when he got out of Jail
lie would get another gun.
Determined to Carry a Gun.
V'Fltir.r cardF and invitation* printed
end ecsraved. AH the latest tints ar.d
Fhapps In writ ins: papers and envelopes
Belling ajrents for "Waterman" Ideal
fountain pmis and scle accnts for the
"Marshall" fountain pen, which Is the
rw>st in the world for fl each. Sanboru,
\ail & Co.. 741 Market street. •
Fine Stationery.
1 h" .inviunt alUg-cd to have be*>n stolen
la $122 .'.». but Nori^ca says the total
ftmount v.:I! r^aoli between J1200 and $1500.
Thr> warran* w;;s given to Caotain Sey
mour and he wired to the Chief of Police
of Poniard. Or., where Siemann is sup
poscd to bf\ 10 arrest him.
ansv.-er for his alleged crime in departing
-with the proceeds of the bell given at
Mechanics' l'avllion Saturday, September
h. .is published exclusively in yesterday's
<":!]. Frank L,. Non>Ka swore to a c/m
ptaiat yesterday in Ju£ge Oabaniss' court
charging; Sif mann with felony embezzle-
Cdcors of Court Stanford, Order of
Foresters. Determined to Bring
Him Back.
Court Stanford, Order cf Foresters, is
deteT-ir.iv.'.i to bring G. Siemar.n brick to
WARRANT ISSUED FOR
G. SIEMANN'S ARREST
HANFORD, Sept. 17.-The Supervisors
2t S9^ OUnt Y l ?' d& y the tax ra"
at |l 55. The rate last year was $1 60
YUBA CITY, Sept. 17.~The Board «'
Supervisors to-day fixed the sutler Sufl
ty tax rate, which, with the State fate
VISALIA. Sept. 17.— The Board of Su-*
pervisors of Tularo County to-day fixed
tne if^ ra J e for the current year at $160
per $1000. Last year it was $165
SANTA ROSA. Sept. 17.— The Board of
Supervisors to-day fixed the tax levy in
Sonoma County for the coming- year at
$16o, the same as last year
WILLOWS. Sept. 17.— The tax rate for
Glenn County was to-day fixed at $135 by
the Board of Supervisors. The rate this
year is 20 cents lower than that of last
year.
SANTA CRUZ. Sept. 17.— The Supervis
ors to-day fixed the tax levy of the city
at $2 15 ouside of the Incorporated limits
and $170 Inside. This Is lower than last
year's rate.
WOODLAND, Sept. 17.— The Board of
Supervisors to-day fixed the tax rate for
Yolo County at $1 35 on $100 assessable
property, a reduction of 5 cents from last
year.
LOS ANGELES. Sept. 17.— The Los An
geles County Board of Supervisors to-day
fixed the county tax levy for the ensuing
year at $1 33 1-3 for incorporated towns
and cities and $1 S3 1-3 for outside dis
tricts, this against $1 40 and $1 90. respec
tively, last year. The levy Is based upon
an assessed valuation of J95.005.106.
SAN DIEGO. Sept. 17.— The San Diego
County Supervisors fixed the county tax
levy for the ensuing year at $1 58 for in*
corpora ted cities and towns and $2 OS for
districts outside of cities. This includes
the State tax rate. The levy is 2 cents
lower than that made last year.
SAX JOSE, Sept. 17.— The Board of Su
pervisors to-day fixed the tax rate for
the ensuing year at $1 50 on each $100 of
assessed valuation. This levy is the same
as last year.
Boards of Supervisors.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Tax Rate ns Fixed by the Several
IN INTERIOR COUNTIES.
An ordinance was passed to print pro
viding for refunding the excess of
amounts collected by the Assessor as the
tax on personal property for the fiscal
year 1000-1901.
From the Mayor, stating that' he has re
rjupsted the Judges of the Superior Courts to
consider the advisability of providing for the
proper intr rpretRtlon of the Japanese and the
Chinese lanKUajres in criminal cases In the
Police Courts: Gray Brothers, requesting per
mission to operate a steam engine and boiler
and al«o to explode blasts nt their quarry on
Twenty-sixth street: Federation of Mission Im
provement Clubs, protesting against issuing a
permit to Gray Brothers: Merchants" Associa
tion, against granting any further permits to
string overhead wires for messenger service.
A resolution was adopted authorizing;
the Auditor to appoint 100 extra clerks
for a period of thirty days at a compen
sation of $100 per month.
A communication was received from
Mrs. Victor I>. Duboce expressing her ap
preciation of the tribute of respect paid
to the memory of her late husband. Su
pervisor Duboce.
A resolution was adopted accepting the
sum of $3TiO5 75 from the California-street
Cable Railroad Company, said sum being
two per cent of the gross receipts of its
Hyde-street line for the year ending June
30, 1900. Jess a five. per cent allowance for
transfers issued to other roads. ,
The following petitions, protests and
communications were referred to com.
mittees:
of artificial stone sidewalks on Norfolk
street between Folsom and Harrison.
EMILE SOMPS DIES
OF CONSUMPTION
Young Business Man Ex
pires After a Long
Illness.
According to the statement of Mrs.
Kreft the child was placed In Its car
riage yesterday morning. It was left
alone for a few moments in the v sunshine.
The little one finally wiggled and
squirmed about until its body worked
down into the 1-ottom of the buggy. The
mother discovered it soon and found that
its neck rested on the strap. It was has
tily taken out of Its perilous position and
a doctor summoned. Kverything possible
was done to re%-lve it. but to no avail. It
died early in the evening.
The physician in the case reported the
matter to the Morgue officials. Deputy
Charles Meehan made an Investigation
and allowed the body to remain at the
house, where it will be viewed to-day by
a Jury.
Little William Kreft, the year-old son of
II. Kreft residing at 136 First street, came
io his death in a singular manner yes
terday. The baby was left alone to play
in its carriage when it slipped down and
resting its neck on a strap which passes
from handle, to handle of the carriape was
strangled to death. The. body was taken
in charge by the Coroner's deputies and
an inquest will be held.
Left Alone to Play in Sunshine the
Child Rested Its Neck on a
Strap and Was
Strangled.
Little William Kreft the
Victim of a Peculiar
Accident.
CHILD CHOKED
TO DEATH WHILE
IN A CARRIAGE
HUMANE SOCIETY
NAMES SECRETARY
M. J. White Appointed to
Position jfesigned by
Colonel ParneH.
Tho case of Kbenezer Knowlton, the
fioposr-d vice principal of the Everett
<^rarn:nar School, has taken on a new
rhapc. Smarting under what he considers
t!i- 11-j'jstico of hi? sentence to one year's
FU?r"»»;«ion. imposed on him by the Board
< 1 Education. Knowlton will appeal to
;ate Superintendent of Public Instruction
Knowlton was sus;x>nded on charg-es
jr. f. rred by Mrs. Ra.nnln#. principal of
-...'¦ Everett School, and the board pro
<•¦<.<¦<! to try his caso. despite Superin
tendent Webster** protest and the fact
rhat only that official has the power to
rrefor charges apain^t a teacher. Should
Kr.owJton be biic-ked up by Kirk, it said
l» will commence impeachment proceed
ings against the mcmt»er!» of the Board of
Education.
Vigorous Effort to Be Rein
stated.
KN0WLT0N WILL APPEAL
TO STATE SUPERINTENDENT
deposed Vicif Principal Will Make a
J. Hoffman, boatmen, who recovered the
body an hour later. After glvinsr informa
tion of tho suicide the two women disap
peared and it is not known whether they
were acquaintances of the suicide or
merely accidental ppectators of his dra
matic exit from this valo of tears.
The mystery surrounding the suicide
deepened after the removal of the body
to the Morsup.
During the evening two well dressed
leap.
The women rushed to the Presidio and
notified F. P. Corsdn, V. Howard and L.
MYSTERIOUS stranger cast hlm
// \\ pelf into the waters of the ocean
£ f rom the bluff at Fort Mason yes
terday morning and drowned be
fore the eyes of two women who happened
to be in the vicinity and to whom he
cried good-by just before he took his fatal
The suicide was. 35 years old. 5 feet 10
Inches tall and weighed about 175 pounds.
He had brown hair, pandy mustache, reg
ular features, blue eyes and sandy eye
brows. Hf wore a soft black hat. double
breasted blue sack coat, black lace shoes,
black stockings and pink and gray under
•wear. The Coroner will make a thorough
investigation of the case.
men appeared at the Morgue and in
formed the attendant that they were look
lnK for the body of a friend* who had
killed himself. They were shown the
body of the Fort Point suicide and were
visibly affected. They admitted that It
was the body of the friend referred to.
but refused to Identify the remains or
give any further Information. They de
parted suddenly. One of the strangers
was a tall dark conplexioned man with a
dark mustache. The other was short
and light. ¦ -
The ordinance Imposing: a erair?i n t»^
license of from $4 to $8 S per %u*ar\£r ac
cording to the amount of business done
by dealer* in junk was referred to the Le
cense Committee. Similar action was tak
en on the ordinance imposing a license n£
A resolution of intention to construct a
14-lnch sewer in Fifteenth street between
Ordinances were passed to print order
ing the grading, repairing and laylm? «f
curbs oir the roadway of Main street bp
tween Mission and Howard «t *Z
estimated, cost o« $10,500; alsS ta 6 lay in 2
Grand total of above property..... $410 135 30 1
Value of railroads assessed by State
Board of Equalization 236,515
Grand total value of all property.. $410 391 S19
Total value of mortgages,, trust deeds
and other debt obligations assessed,
including university mortjrag€S 49,836 106
Assessed value of mortgages held by
University of California, Deaf and.
Dumb and Blind Asylum and other
State Institutions ' 440 95,5
/ Indebtedness of city.
Park Improvement bonds, 1874-1873 {250 000 00
Cash in the county treasury appllc- '
able to payment of indebtedness 208,783 SJ
Total net debt $41 214 1<S
VALUE OF PROPERTY OWNED BY CITY.
Park reservation, public squares and
Improvements 113 000 000
Fire Department lots, apparatus, etc. l'636'oo-J
Fire alarm and police telegraph ap
paratus, etc 1C0 000
City Hall, Hall of Justice, county iL1J>uuu
jails, hospitals, almshouses ¦ 7 500 <x»
Cemetery reservation 'nqn'rvin
Sundry lots gco coo
Channel street lots, from Ninth to *
Eighteenth streets 110 0CO
School lots, improvements, etc 5,415* ">oo
Total • • J27.621.200
Ordinances were passed to print declar
Ing that the length of the main track of
Southern Pacific Railway Companv in
this city and county Is 7 36-100 miles and
the assessed value J77.2S0: the leneth nt
the main track of the railway of the Snn
Francisco and San Mateo Railway Com
pany is 21.309 miles and the as^"
value $130,440; the Central Pacific RaHroart
2 46-100 miles and the assessed valuo $42?
Try* protest act of 1S13 gives to the taxpayer
who shall claim an assessment to be void the
rtfuht to ray under protest specifying in writ
ins "whether tho whole assessment is claimed
to be void, or If part only, what portion, atnl
in either case the grounds upon which such
claim is founded; and when so paid under pro
test the payment shall in no case, be regarded
as voluntary rayment, and such f>wner may at
any time within six months after such pay
ment brinjf an action against tho county in th«?
Superior Court to recover hack the tax so
paid under protest: and if it RhnlV '><• adjudged
that the, assessment, or the part thereof re
ferred to in the protest, was void on the ground
specified in the protest Judgment shall be en
tered against such county."
• The report of the Auditor on the num
ber of acres of land and values of the sev
eral classes of property in the city for
tho year 1900 was received. It is as fol
lows:
Number of acres of lnrd .27,000
Value of real estate other, than cjty
and town lots ." J2.646 9S0
Improvements thereon 39S.05C
City and town lots lK7,Rln,'4»i5
Improvements thereon 97,674,270
Real estate assessed to others than
owners qqq
Total value of real estate $190,457 4->5
Total value of improvements 98,073'2'>i>
Value, of personal property.... 85 T91 831
Amount of money and solvent credits. £> SsA-'s
The City Attorney filed an opinion with
the board in which he holds that it has
no power to refund taxes paid under pro
test on bonds of quusi-pubiic corporations
when suits for the return of the money
were not begun within six months of date
<:f payment. The opinion says:
Total 11.1270
The ordinance fixing the State rate fol
lows:
Section 1. Under and in pursuance of the
Political Code and of the statutes of tho State
of California, and In pursuance of the action
of the State Board of Equalization, there Is
hereby levied a tax for State purposes for the
fiscal year .ending-Juno 30. 19J1, on all prop
erty, both real and personal, in the city ami
t-ounty of Kan Francisco, except such properti
es is toy" law ex^mDt from taxation, the sum
of .49S on each hundred dollars (J100) valuation
of cald taxable property upon the assessment
roll for said fiscal year, which sum of .498 on
each one hundred dollars (JIM) valuation, as
aforesaid. Is apportioned to the funds and ac
counts known and designated as follows:
For tho General Fund $ .25">
For the School Fund 2l«
For the Interest and Sinking Fund 013
For the support of the University of Cali
fornia 030
Total $ .43S
The ordinance limiting tho hoight of
fences to twenty fe«-t to be In effect until
the ten-foot ordinance becomes a law In
July, 1000, was finally passed.
The resolution df-clarinjr Gray Bros.'
rock crusher and ouarry a public nuis
ance and providing for the abatement of
the same was lost.
The Board of Supervisors yesterday
fixed the tax levy for city, county and
State purposes at $1,025 on each $100 of
j taxable property. The city's rate was
fixed at $1,127 last June, but as a pre
caution the rate was re-enacted in order
to avoid a possible attack on the
legality of the levy If the State law, pro
1 vlding that It be made on the third'Mon
day la September, was not complied
with.
McCarthy attacked the validity of the
June levy because the rate had been based
on a total assessed valuation of $375,000,
000, whereas the roll was raised to $405,
000,000.
•"I cannot understand," said McCarthy,
"how, in'the face of the charter, the tax
payers are called upon to pay $300,000 in
excess of the amount actually required
for the expenses of the city government.
Again the budget ..provides for raising
$203,5uO for bonds that have not yet been
issued and such a course is clearly in
violation of a specific provision of the
charter. , eliminate that item from the
budget and have the tax rate on the ac
tual amount of the city's assessment and
the rate will be brought down to $0,981. It
is not right to collect any more money
from the taxpayers."
Keed made a vigorous reply to what he
termed a vicious attack on the charter.
He said he would vote against the order
re-enacting- the city tax rate passed in
June, as to pass such an order would be
playing into the hands of the enemies of
the charter.
"To do this," said Reed, "will be an
admission. that the charter is weak on the
tax levy. The levy passed, in June is
I valid and therefore cannot be changed. I
cannot see any reason to readopt a rate
which is already legal." •"
Tobin said the Finance Committee had"
recommended the rcafflrmation of the rate
on the advice of the City Attorney, who
thought it would be wise to do so. The
vote on the readoption stood:
'Ayes— Boxton. Brandenstotn, Comte,
Connor, Curtis, D'Ancona, Dwyer, Fon
tana, Ilotaling, Jennings, Sanderson and
Tobin.
Noes— Braunhart. McCarthy and Reed,
i Tlie ordinance apportions the tax rate
to the following funds:
Oeneral Fund $ .8761
School. Fund .1087
Library Fund 0151
Park Fund 034*
Interest account Park Improvement
Bonds, 1874-1873 0037
Sinking ¦ Fund Park Improvement
Bonds, 1874-1S73 0020
Interest account on bonds to be Issued:
Pa^k Bonds 0212
Sewer Bonds 000S
School Bowls O>10
Hospital Bonds 0001
Sinking: Fund for bonds to be issued:
Park IJonds 030?.
Sewer Bonds 0007
School Bonds 000S
Hospital Bonds 0301
Temporary Ordinance Limiting the
Height of Fences Passed — Resolu
tion Declaring Gray Bros.' Bock-
Crusher a Nuisance Defeated.
Total Rate Is $1,625 on
Each Hundred Dollars
of Valuation.
CITY AND STATE
TAX LEVY FIXED
BY SUPERVISORS
Those accepted as Jurors are: Claus
Schilling-. 2210 Vallcjo street; George M.
Pond. 12 From street; Thomas Elrlck, Ex
unlner bulldinr: A<iolph Bissinser, 1918
Jackson street; W. H. Henke. 1108 Vallejo
Btneet: John Marshall. 2709 Maripoj>a
Fircet: Richard Murphy. 274 Seventh
street; Eug.ne j. Ensign, 23 Spear street.
During the examination of the men Mr.
P.r.rnt?^ inquired as to their acquaintance
with l*e D. Orals. Joe Harvey and
Charles Ij. Fair. Just what connection
trese men are supposed to have with the
Chretien oase remains to be seen.
Kijrht jumrs were accepted and the
pane! will be completed in all probability
to-rtay.
"I have no objection to a fair and lm
rartlaJ jury." said Mr. Barnes, with a
Frr.ile. and «"hr<»tien manifested considera
ble lertty at his counsel's retort.
The examination of the men composing
the venire continued until It was exhaust
ed. Many of those examined were confi
dent that thfy could not give the accused
a fair »nd impartial trial. They bad read
the newspapers; had talked with friends
rurt hnd overheard conversation about the
"is ft at i>:ir. All who were thus con
vinced w^-rr- dismissed.
"All the prosecution seeks 'is a fair and
impartial jury." said Mr. Greany. "and I
<5o noi believe that much time ¦will be
consumed in completing the panel."
Chn-ticn came Into court apparently
cheerful. lie was soon Joined by his coun
po!, \V. H. l'-ariKS. and on the arrival of
NDiftrlot Attorney Byinpton and Assist
ant UiFtrict Attorney Greany the work of
e- curing a jury began.
John SI. Chretien was placed on trial
yesterday morninc before Judge Dunne
on a c-hcj-g-o of j>erjury. The trial Is un
der the Police Court information chare-
Ing him with having forged a deed con
veying realty belonging to the estate of
the late Joseph Sullivan to J. J. Rauer
for tfc«* consideration of $750.
During the Examination of Talesmen
th.e Accused Lawyer Displayed
More Levity Tnau Concern
Over His Predicament
Eight Jurors Accepted by
Counsel, but Many Are
Dismissed.
CHRETIEN CASE
IS BEFORE THE
SUPERIOR COURT
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 18, 1900.
Who Refuse Information.
Body Is Recovered and Taken to the Morgue,Where
the Remains Are Recognized by Two Men
STRANGER CASTS HIMSELF INTO
THE OCEAN AT FORT MASON
nvm
12
3c 5c 9c 18c 25c
this is an offering of several hundred dozen of all sots
and kinds of handkerchiefs, the variety of styles is some-
thinst tremendous. " some are plain hemstitched — some are
embroidered— some are scalloped— some have borders of
mechlin and valenciennes lace, an uneven thread here or a
dropped stitch there or a minute pinhole characterizes this
lot as not up to Hale's standard, that explains the prices,
it will pay vou. and pay you splendidly, to anticipate your
handkerchief wants for a twelvemonth while this chance is
open.
the 5c the 10c the up to the up to the up to
kinds t kinds 15c kinds 50c kinds 75c kinds
are now arc now are now are now arc now
fifty cents will do a dollar's duty— often
more— while these lots last.
need handkerchiefs?
here's youp chance
this is not a lot of odds and ends in ujjly and unst-
able colors, every yard is crisp and fresh— bright as a new
dollar — and there are upward of half a hundred desirable
staple and fancy colors to choose from. They came frorp
the looms of a manufacturer with a national reputation and
are the best all-silk taffetas he knew how to produce to sell
for 75c and S5C the yard, only to lighten the movinsr taslc
would such a reduction on such staple silks be sanctioned.
prompt comers will be the surest savers.
only 63i a yard for the very bsst 75s and
85c taffctss.
you'll find them in. the first aisle massed Fn
brilliant heaps On a counter by themselves.
Magazines, music, newspapers, bound In any
style. Mysell-Roliin3,22Clay. First-class work.*
The favorite of favorites— Jess* Moore "AA."
vhlskey. • ¦ . -
»
Dr. C. C. O'Donnell, candidate for Con-
gress from the Fourth district, spoke be-
fore an Immense audience last Saturday
night. 'He 'said in part: "The Legisla-
ture Is called together to enact laws for
the suppression and punishment of crime
the courts are maintained to mete outvto
criminals the penalty cf. the law, and of-
ficers arc elected to guard our laws and
Institutions. We have, however, been
subjected to a moat infamous class of Im-
migration during- the past quarter of a
century. That China* and Japan have sent
to the Pacific Slope their criminals and
outcasts and the very dregs of their pop-
ulation cannot be gainsayed. The exist-
ence of this country depends upon the
total restriction and removal of all such
undesirable Immigration." •
KLAMATH HOT SPRtNC9.
The healthiest resort In the prettiest county la
California. Trout flshln«— nne»t in the Stace —
Shove! Creek. 15 miles for casting. Hunting—
plenty of gama In surrounding mountain.*—
grouse, quail, deer and bear. EDSGN BKOd..
Proprietors. IVswlck. Sisklyou County. Cal.
LAUREL DELL LAKE.
Ihe moat attractive place in Lah» County it
spend your vacation. Boating. t>atr.:r.<. bowl-
ine, tennis, livery, new walks, *u\ Vr'tn tit
circular to U. WAMBOLf.
taare! DeU. Lake County. Ci»!.
KAHLEB'S new summer resort. Caiadero. r»L
— Home cooking, excellent fishing and h'-in;-
Inx; general mdse.. cholc* liquors, cigar*:
popular Trices.
p . INVALID FURNITURE AT o
E T
rn«Jk^«Jr Sickroom Supply Depot
UOOQDOn S & Trained Nurses Staff
1117 \\H HISS AVE, »r. rut SU S. F.
DR.jraULTY.
rrms WErX-KXOWN AND KKLrAF.LE OLD
Str£?i£r"^Mal Weakness. Impotence and their
allied ofordt-rs. Hoc* on Diseases of Me... fre...
nreriOTean'experottce.Term^ reasonable Hours,
9to1da!ly:«:a>toS.30pVBS.MnndaT!«,10ti>li Consul,
utlonti-eeaad sacredly confidential. Call oraddresa
p. ROHCOE Me.Vl'LTY, 31. D.
¦£C)i liearny Nt., Wan l"ram-i»ro. C?l.
eu a 8 t C^ 8t t e he W D U °u Waa * d J»d K ed St a bankrupt aS-
£13«^'are liPr«fv. e S Umated hls "abilities <*
rirnw in £h-£7of y f ? U^ tO renewln 6 tndorse-
ihatthfiw ? friends without ascertaining
hooes to "T^ ' nd °™«nenti were destroyed. He
hopes to make a proposal to his creditors.
Weekly CaU,$1.00 per Year
Dr. Bennett's Electric Beit
Makes Veak men and women strong anrt strong
men and women stronger. Rooms 5 and 8, 47
Post st., San Francisco Cal.
"i-^? y ° U £ *f som friend. Gibson's |1 «Mrt. eold
hut week, lan Market; handkerchiefs. 6c each'
PARAISO HOT SPRINGS,
The Carlsbad of America. Is now open for th»
winter season. Address C. T. ROMIE. FaraUo
Springs. Cal.
RHEUMATISM
m \ "—cured—
by the -waters and the mud batSs
and the hot mineral baths cf
BYRON HOT SPRINGS
Address A. BETTEXS. Uanager.
Byron Hot Sprinjra, Cal.
LOMBARD & CO.. 36 Geary «t.. City Airts.
Only 44 hours from San Francisco and tmt
nine miles of stasintr: waters noted for medi-
cinal virtues: best natural bath In State: gram*
mountain scenery: good trout streams at donr;
telephone, telegraph: dally tr.ail and express
First-Class Hotel and
Stage Service.
Morning and afternoon stages: round trip
from San Francisco only $3 50. Take Tlburnn
ferry at 7:30 a. m. or 3:30 p. m. Tenni. $2 a
day or $12 a weclc. References — Any truest of
the past flve years-, patronage constantly In-
creasing. J. F. MUW.REW. Proprietor.
Sonoma County.
SKAGGS HOT SPRINGS,
last days in
the old store
final price-cuts now — deeper than before— for we pre-
fer selling to moving, it saves expense and lightens labor,
whatever you have to buy of whatever we have to sell the
chances are that it's now under price, buy as little or as
much as you please — but the more you buy the more you
savje — and the secret of money-making is monev-savins?.
silks and handkerchiefs have been picked for special men-
tion to-day. '¦ •
Jpniccs on
Mais'*
good gooCs
in out*
history.
shortest
Hole's.
Sale's.
63c a yard
colored taffetas
A Regina in
the Home
is a source of delight to the
whole family. The Rejrina. is the
sweetest toned and most simple of
all music boxes. It plays tunes
by the thousands and is always
ready to render charmine music
of all kinds for entertainment or
dancing. You are cordially in-
vited to visit our Regina rooms
- -and hear these famous music
boxes, from the least expensive
tip to the $350 Orchestral Retina.
Sherman, Claj & Co.,
Steinway Piano Dealers,
Cor. Kearny and Sutter rtn.. S. K.
Cor. - 12th and Ilpoad way, Oakl&nd.
Cor. 3rd and Morrison sts., Portland.
711 Second ave., Seattle.
1
WMBftftfffijjjj?