Continued on Fifth Page.
Continued on Page 5.
under the .Tartar, wall. The besieged re
moved the barrlcadee and when the gates
swung inward and tho British colors.ap
peared there arose a great and continuous
cheer on both sides.
Non-Spectacular Entrance.
Generals, soldiers and correspondents
scrambled upr the banks through ¦ filth,
elbowing to he first.- Men and women sur
rounded the rescuers ami shook the hands
of the Sikhs. Everybody was hustled ex
citedly along into . the legation grounds,
where the colors were planted. The sol
diers surrounded the wall which had been
the salvation of. the besieged. The Min
isters and officers j demanded - the latest
news on.both.fcides. ' • ..
An hour afterward General Chaffee;
riding at. the head of the . Fourteenth
United States- Infantry, marched to the
Tartar wall. An American marine who
was on top of the wallshouted: "You are
Just in time: we' need you" in our busi
ness." ¦ '-: ' : ¦ ¦' :..',¦¦.•¦
. "Where can we get in?" asked General
Chaffee: . ¦ ..'y^ . "
"Through the 5 canal. The British en
tered there two hours ago/' was the're
sponse. The American general looked
disappointed. ] '"A'-v'S. ' ¦ . .
; Although the : Americans entered, behind
the last of the British forces, their recep
tion was just as enthusiastic- as if they
had' been first: *• When • the ' Stars and
Stripes -emerged. Into .view . Mr. Tewks
bury, the missionary, cried: "Americans,
cheer your flag!" >• Ladies waved their
handkerchiefs and the ' soldiers r cheered
the ladles. * ¦ ¦'_',.,. .
On ¦ entering the . grounds of,- the j British
tops of the walls have niches for the rifle
men and the buildings at their porticos
and windows have armor boxes, bags
stuffed with dirt and pillows, too.
rort of the Marines.
Back of the United States legation Is a
work named "Fort Myers," which the
marines held, completely screening both
sides of the walls, with steps leading to it.
There Is a loophole In the barrier across
the wall,* which faces a similar Chinese
work: a few yards away. Another wall
bars Legation street In front of the Ger
man legation, and confronting the en
emy's barricades within those limits are
yet more walls, enabling the foreigners
to contract the area of defense If pressed.
The tops of the American and British
buildings; were badly torn by the Chinese
shells. The rate of the foreign shells that
fell during the first three weeks of the
bombardment was 4CO a dny.' Bucketfuls
of bullets were gathered In the; grounds!
Four hundred and fourteen people lived
In the compound through the greater, part
of the siege. .Three hundred and four
marines, assisted by sixty-five, volunteers,
commanded by the English captain, Poole,
defended the place. Eleven^ civilians were
killed and fourteen wounded. ' Fifty-four
marines and sailors were killed and 112
wounded. .
Gilbert Reid, who was wounded In the
foot, was the only. American civilian In
jured. Two foreign ladies were wounded.
The reception which ihesurvlvorsgave
the army waa. worth the hardships the
troops had undergone. The entrance was
not Bpectacular. * General Alfred f Gaselee;
with his staff and a company of Sikhs,
waded up a. bed of sewage In the canal
DETAILS OF SUFFERINGS OF
THE PEKING LEG ATIONERS
PEKING. Aug. 14 (by post via
Tientsin).— A medal will be struck
off commemorating the siege of
Peking. It will bear the legend,
"Men. Not Walls. Make a City."
In the grounds of the British
les-ation. where a handful of men with
stood the millions of the Chinese capital
for fifty-six days, a memorable celebra
tion is in progress to-niKht in vindication
of that principle. Missionaries, assembled
about Bell Tower, are singing the Dox
ology. Rockets are blazing. Soldiers and
civilians of all nationalities are fraterniz
ing. The women are applauding the sound
of the cannon that are smashing tho yel
low roofs of the Forbidden City. The
tired Sikhs are planting their tents ,bn
tlie lawn and the American and Russian
contingents are lighting campfires along
the stretch of turf extending beyond the
1 Tartar wall.
Through the ruins of the foreign set
tlement an eager cosmopolitan crowd Is
Jostling— Indians, Cossacks, legation
ladies, diplomats, Americans from the
Philippines and French disciplinarians
from Saigon, who kept discreetly to the
rear while the fighting was in progress,
but came conspicuously to the front when
looting began. Only the Japanese, who
have earned the first place, .are absent.
Resident foreigners welcome the luxury
of walking about and Immunity from bul
lets. The newcomers are anxious to In
spect the evidences of an historic defense.
These barricades are, after all, the moat
wonderful sight in Peking. The barriers
hedging the British legation are a marvel
of stone and brick walls and earthworks.
Sandbags shield every foot of space. The
• Thn S\?A<> Department oi] c ials say Mr.
Fowltr's prefatory stateraru that Mlnls-
A^r Conner's dispatch Is \dited "yester-
W'-v" (Aisust 2S). probaWl refers to the
Tuku dale line. It being r.c*5>ary to send
it through that place on t» message aa
rerciv<d by him at Chefu.yThey do not
think It means that it was kited Peking.
August 2u \
'¦ T\'ASHrNGTON Aug. 30.— The State De
partment makes 1 , public the following
cablegram from M/iister Conger, received
this morning thrown the United States
Consul at Chctu: \
= "CHIZTV <recel\\l Aujrust 30. C:44
a, m.). -Secretary ofV?tate, "Washington—
ThirtlP.h. following Vl.epatch dated yes
terday: More Russia, Fn-nch. German
•and Italian troops areVrrivlng. Imperial
J>a!are ttIII be entered Ajgust 2S. Military
jromt n.ide ot all natlonV made through it
—afterward closed and \u000ad. Prince
Chine Ij expected ir. a \>w days — CON
cr.n. \ fowler."
Elnc<* Rasla has taken the lead In urg
ing the withdrawal of troops from Peking
the authorises do not believe there will
be much trftible In the powers reaching
an understanding relative to tho demands
to be made ol the Chinese Government.
CONGEE CA3LES OF
Ta big ivbade of allies
It Is not exacted that the allies will
be iranvKllately withdrawn from China.
Th» ans-er of the United States will ne
cessitate the Imperial Government of
China ttdng measures to insure Hhe
safety of vrnericans.
th* American reply a 6ecret It was learned
to-nirht from a Cabinet member that it Is
very ehort. It calls attention to the po
eltii-n of this Government as set forth In
the American note of July 3 and declarei
that this Government will willingly with-
Ara* when the security of American life
in Ch na Is established. "Communications
from Russia," said this official, "show
conc'.y ively that her position is Identical
¦with tiat of the United States."
less- hands and said, "Bear up, man,
your're not hurt.".
Poor Gorman, however, was fatally In
jured-and dropped. A few yards farther
on Colonel Liscum relinquished his hold
on the flag and putting his hands to his
side fell without uttering a sound. Major
Lee,' In .command of the First Battalion,
ordered a couple of men to stay by their
gallant old leader, took command of the
regiment 'and continued the battle.
Colonel Liscum -was killed about 11 a- m.
and -from that time until dark the men
were under the command of Major Lee.
Major, Regan was ; wounded shortly aft
er, and -Captains Bookmiller and Noyes
were : both hit. ---.2K£3ti&M&>
Lieutenant Carries Ammunition.
' Lieutenant Lawton, seeing the necessity
for more ammunition and the need of
many of the '.men of the attendance of
surgeons and nurses, - started across the
field, every foot of which had been won
so dearly. Wounded as he was, the brave
lieutenant never faltered, and. through a
hail'of bullets succeeded in reaching the
rear: ¦ To - send- menwlth litters for the
wounded wns to send them to death.
Giving, -up this Idea, the intrepid officer
grabbing up two boxes containing about
a thousand rounds of ammunition, start
ed - for- the firing line, reaching it utterly
exhausted. .
. Themen wounded 'lay all day exposed
to the -heavy flre and nearly all of them
received • more than one wound while
prostrate. .- •¦
The returning, ones speak in the highest
terms .of the Japs, claiming that the lit
tle, brown men are the best soldiers they
have seen.'
Went Into , a -BCell Holel
One of the. most fnterestinp personages
that arrived was Captain Bookmiller ol
the- famous 'Ninth. There were only six
companlesof the -reglrnent engaged In the
conflict at- the point , where. the Ninth was
slaughtered, and they certainly had a very
caloric- reception, as ) the captain's state
ment of'hls. experience will show. . .
* "The. fact which caused the Ninth to get
Into " Buch ~ a ; bad - ! position . was that -there
was '¦¦ no * commander; In chief. There was
only a nominal i commander, ', General Dor
wood of r the British forces. *^We were or
dered to support the Japs and s went into
action- on v thelr..- right." We* advanced to
ward, the \ walls,'.: and, to -our misfortune
there was » a considerable ' space between
Noyes. 9th Infantry: Lieutenant W. r>. Conner,
engineer corps: Chaplain O. C. Miller. 4th Cav
alry: Chaplain Allen AHensworth. 24th In
fantry; Lieutenants E. O. Powers. 43d In
fantry; G. B. Rodney. 27th Infantry: J. J.
Kennedy. 27th Infantry. R. p. Rlfenberrtck.
16th Infantry; E. E. llann, 36th Infantry;
VanitV, M £ ble /> T tth Jnfantry; A. J. Finley.
« a 'o P> L: lsaac Kassell. Manila, P. I.:
Kcycoe Board and R. C. Baldwin, pay derart- .
« en i : w"- James Re*an.. Miss Regan. Miss
U. T Musser. Miss Musser. Miss J. L. Cra
??!' ?! ?, Mar R ar *t Oalvln, Mrs. Kennljcham.
M.S3 M H bouth> Mrs M Klnalt. Mes.lames
fi V i, B 9 oluB ill< > r. C. R. Xnyes. J. B. Scho«f
t K; M - Asfc^rn. Patrick Galvin. Enoch*
SinSur" 1 M1£S =• v ; *—• M "- J - *
Pteprage-J Hayes. J. W. Smith. William
t V x$ l *%- Wlll 'am Staub. Louis Havsell.
\?»7s Hanley. James Croley. Robert E.
rwr^ nj \. U - Cossn a> Oustav Marquardson.
c Mvers . "«r)- Jordon. John H. Lee.
ml^tPr Pr t SUe ' °- W - Bri * ht - William Ed!
Oa-I-f.; xr° rt o r PIatlt "--. Clyde McCoy. O. R.
SSS5: M 1, R V Sm 'ta- C. C, Lament. William
Tir^T t rn i- H * Idema - E. M. Carruthers, C. H.
v t' Tt' ? ami '" )n . E - A. Crouch. T. G. Head.
&Sn A-fh f 1S^ A - T - MeD °nalJ. William Frey-
V?rt» i tt ( . H i amck ' Charles SmcKer. G. N.
HlKiM jj£ K- Schr^^er. G. W. Harry. L.
K.SJ n Kennedy. Charles Dlckson. R.
F K iT ' ""TTRitrJile. Thomas a Conner,
rl\ J - H " **• CTMara. A. A.
F Tu£i p A. J. Baumelster. J.
WalT JuH,« rl° Gu { r *- M " McKenna . J^hn A.
hi v u G J OS - Au ffu«« Hauhut. A. liassart.
1 F \i Vr i* s^ mueI Stanton. \T. A. Harper.
F U «im 'k 1 ?- C Benware. V. E. Ultter.
fon I fci , mm | rbr '«. Edward Fillip. D. Thomp
v££& I L Sandy. Charles L. Simpson. E. B.
J l/'un i^ roW , n 'A J - Pa^- Charles Barter.
wi«T5. H ? r L ey> Jessor. P.-'.-reacv, L.
Ko^L; rt, hn i Kt i n2e .'' Tl «>»na3 WhI-e. Martia
i r " w r '5r-,S har ' e8 <-'• Lutz - v - -*~ itcNeal. J. V.
W JnZS v-nJ^. h^.^ yUe ' K - ("'tWinsrhard.
?''"?. >««rty Thomas Ashrroft. William
gpallaln Joseph To B n«tl. J. F. Bunkley. A.
Wflf,^ A't M - F " KLsh er. S. Sladin, \V. C.
SiS^r K Cumm ' n9 - A. Rlchert. W. A.
57;,f' E ' Tl l nE t w - "• E - duller. M. Sookno.
Hu^irtn, rt n \&. F - Carter - A - L Moore. G. Rl
Hux^rins o. Cherry, w. H. Deal. P. Burton.
« ji^ « tn^ n ' W - E - Mu9e - F- «• Fort. E. C.
r^E^ni- °.sew£skl. F. A. Lewi,. Leri Rice
Vltrf 5 t" £V KrtstopjMTJion. C. Hamon. C.
w. Moore J. MaylWM. J. D. Dickinson A.
I^ r> w 3 ' I 1 -***™- R- K?™n \V. P.
?r..7 rt '.T W ',. J - Mlt <^hP". W. H. Lons XL N.
Conralescent9-John Jaclwon. Fred R. VTat
a T < iiH t v On a > n ConI . e3r - H "P«t*l Corp.: R.
n;^IriP'T^"Tl d <r avaJr >' : p - c - West. F, 4ta
Cavalry; F. H. Sherwood and C. I>. McKen
zle, L. 4th Cavalry: F T Strieker V i«f
Artillery; George Harrison. C. Wl*fant^- P
Fn£n? r ' 4 V; T " fantr y: J. D. Eselln? K'9rt
Infantry; W. P. Byrne. E. 13th Infantry: John
£?h i e V band> 1Cth Infantrv ; John Condon. A.
V th , Infantry; C. H. Carol. D. 15th Infantry;
J," J- • Murray. O. isth Infantry; Saul Loob. A.
»th Infantry: H. W. Parlor. F. 24th Infantry
nlll. A. 30th Infantry; J. A. Winfrey. U, 3d
Infantr>-; E. C. Olsen. B. 12th Infantry; H. K
Burbett M. 13th Infantry: H. S. Robl.^on anj
?" G ?*i z ' H ' 17Ul R. E. Gordon.
F. 2flth Infantry: D. J. Van Meter. I. Slat In
fantry: F. Bro-nrn. S. Palmer. E. A. fcnell
haus and F. D. Scrlbaer. K. 21st Infantry; W.
i™ G ? ar 7> M « 21rt Infantry; Charles Orma, U
22d Infantry: Tbom*a MaRUlre. G. 23Ui In
fantry; M. H. Broom. 1. 2Dth Infantry; M. \.
Newport. 37th Infantry. I. C. Gunter. E.
« T^ a £ ntrT; f * E " 8*™'*' I. «<J Infantry;
H. I>. Carter, battery eergeact raajor. 46th In
fHnt ry; T. J. LAmUi:t«\ O. E. DUMx iM
Jo*«rh Lewis. E. 4<5tJi Infantry: Peter Hall O
45th Infantry: J. J. Shea. H. 46th infantry;
William G. Grlffln. E. Signal Corps; William
D. Covert. K. 4th Cavalry; J. Mlnninjrham.
£' J« h Caralry; P. Harris. G. 3d Artillery;
E. Sheehan. M, 6th Infantry: L. Scannell. I
13th Infantry; William Shefrrey. E. l*th In
fantrj-; J. T. Nujtent. M. l«th infantrj'; J. E.
Horton. G. lTth Infantry: E. Balrdain. I. 21st
Infantry: II. E. Porsey. K. 25th Infantry \T.
J. McDonnell. G. 26th Infantry; W. L. Robert
son. B. 34th Infantry: J. A. Sickler. B. 4M
Infantry; H. W. Hitchcock, C. 421 Infantrv-
W. Q. Ashley. I. 42d Infantry; J. C. Rey
nolds and B. Bair^erly. H. 42d Infantry;
AV. Bym*s and W. M. J. Manning. I. 46th In
fantry; J. J. Shea. A. Marten. J. I. Chalk and
H. Twomey. II. 46th Infantry: J. J. Eella and.
C. W. Prohl, Hospital Corps. I*. S A • J
Dauffherty. D. 3J Cavalry; F. M. Braddock C.
4th Cavalry; II. L Jantzen. C. 11th Cavalry:
J. J. Strlplinjr. E. 11th Cavalry: F. Echternocht.
G, 11th Cavalry; S. Rodders. E. 4th Infantry:
A. Silver. H. 4th Infantry; A. Schwara. X., 6th
Infantry; H. Purcell. K. 17th Infantry; J. A.
Bllot. M. 2Cth Infantry: W. Bender and W. J.
Propeter. C. 21st Infantry; D. J. Breslin. I.
21st Infantry; L. O. Carney. II. 21th Infantry:
C. Morris. D. 29th Infantry: F. A. Miller and
F. Nichols. E, 30th Infantry; A. Wetherbee. Joe
Dump and J. M. Fath. A. 37th Infantry; J.
Cunningham and J. Flursberjr. C. 37th Infan
try: T. Dlson. L. 37th Infantry. William R.
Hard. A. 39th Infantry: J. W. Abernathy. T.
B. Drummond. G. W. Fuller. C. F. Godman,
C. S. Gran.lstaff. William H. Grists, W. F.-
Jones. H. Kestons, T. W. Lasch. R. Mlnard.
J. M. Siren. C. W. Stewart and S. Strickland.
A, 23th Infantry: F. L. Kuhlenbeek. L. Lester
and C. P. Seldon. B. 2Sth Infantry: C. K. Del
xarn. E. II. Anderson. J. S. Catlin. Charles
Gray. E. Land. C. B. McDaniel. T. I. Miller.'
D. Oleson, F. S. Raymond. Bert Stout and J.
ran, O. \V. Kenfleld an.l SI. V. Miller.
D. 29th Infantry; A. Stmns. L, 29th In
fantry: C. I. Burt and F. H. Lamb. E.
42J Infantry: A. D. Hamel. B. 46th Infantry;.
J. Sufmw. C. 4fith Infantry: H. S. Babcock. I.
46th Infantry: William Lou. L* -46th Infantry;-
William Cobb. O. 47th Infantry: 3. Ball, K.
47th Infantry; W. J. fostello, K. Engineers;
R. F. Gerahty. C. E. Hefner. Hospital Corp«:
C. L. Qrlmstead. II. 3<1 Artillery: G. J. Rob
ert!" L «h Artillery; William LJnn. band. M
Infantry; J. Roisters. C, Ifilh Infantry: Carey
Wise. F. 20th Infantry: F. E. Cotle. A. 21<«t
Infantry; E. F. Sullivan. C. 21st Infantry: T.
Connolly. F. Hat Infantry: J. II. Hamilton. E.
2-"th Infantry: X. Clreen. C, 29th Infantry: J. ;
E. Cate, E. 29th Infantry: O. M. Pay ton. Oscar
James. B, 32d Infantry; O. Ilildebrandt. D. 431
Infantry; E. L. Mesure. H, 42d Infantry; P.
H. Fowler. E. 46th Infantry: L. Harris. I. 43th-
Infantry: F. Foster. B. 16th Infantry: O. Blakr,
C. 49th Infantry: C. G. Allen. E. 30th Infantry:
L. Clark, F, 30th Infantry; J. Sefranck. band,
34th Infantry; G. A. Cole, M. H. Thomas. D.
Kth Infantry; S. IV. Sharpe. M. 3fith Infantry;.
F. E. Farrow. I, 40th Infantry: M. J. Faxon.
II. C. Lee. H, 43d Infantry: VV. McBrldo. F.
43th Infantry; "W. E. Dodjre, K. 46th Infantry;
A. Perinssey, J. J. Dimond, J. J. Dunphy and
J. Seymour. A, 9th Infantry: M. Conroy. C. J.
McBrtde. W. S. Rowley. F. W. Southworth. R.
Crawford. P. Cox. II. Vanleer ana H. E. Stll
llngs; B. 9th Infantry: A. Walker. J- Dorey.
P. Savaee. P- W. Webb. J. K. Burton. U. S.
Juniper and R. H. Van Schlick. C. 9th In
fantry: S. E. Jackson. D. 9th Infantry: J. Mon
tcle Charles RUey. R. E. Richards. L. P. Frtah.
J. Westerwolt and A. Boden. H. 9th Infantry;
H. K. Ellis, band. 9th Infantry: F. E. Newell.
T. L Mftleney and D. J. Kennedy, D. 9th In
fantry; Y£, J. Gilbert. P. Murphy and J. Mc-
Mahon. E. 9th Infantry: F. Leonard. G. Burtz.
A. Abies, D. A. Murphy. F. J. Masee. O. I".
Webster, E. 'Wrlfcnt and D. II. Hammens, F.
9th Infantry: t>. Mocarty, W. N. Partland, P.
Wuburs and L. B. King. G, Pth Infantry: W.
BIckert and G. F. Hoar. II. 9th Infantry:
II. F Maxwell, hospital corps; T. P. Williams.
A. 4th Cavalry: B. A. Hewitt. F. 4th Cavalry;
H. R. Gould. H, 6th Artillery: F. G. Tnung,
C. 2d Infantry; J. Barnes. M. 3d Infantry;
E. S. Durkin, D, 4th Infantry; J. Bryan. D.
4th Infantry; H." W. Ftnlay. U 4th Infantry:
G Stevens A. 6th Infantry: B. J. Recter. M.
«th Infantry: R. E. Short. M. 13th Infantry;
W. J. Rankln Jr., A. 16th Infantry: F. Coons.
B. l«th Infantry: C. O. Hardintr. D. Kth In
fantry; E. G. Preaeott. U 17th Infantry;
Charles Weber. G. ISth Infantry: W. S. Pi-e«
ton. C. 19th Infantry: C E. Sweeney. M. Wth
Infantry: J- O'Neal. H. 21st Infantry: A. F.
Bower I 21st Infantry: A. Hutchlsoa F. 21st
Infantry;' J. A. Greathouse. H. 23d Infantry;
M. Ballontlne. A. 24th Infantry: H. A. Goff. M.
26th Infantry; E. J. Oliver. A. 2Sth Infantry.
F J \xnott, II. r»th Infantry: F. A. Crater.
H. 46th Infantry-; C. A. Chnrman. II. 47th In
fantry; II. Talbert. E..4Sth Infantry: M. R.
Baxter. D. 20th Infantry: F. A. Dennl*. L.
3flth Infantry *F. C. Mueller. M. 3Cth Infantry;
M. C. Kruse. G. Kth Infantry: G. <\ Breman.
H. 33th Infantry; T>. L. McStett*. H. 35th In
fantry; B. A. Smith. C. 37th Infantry; I* A.
Szymanskl. C, 3Sth Infantry: Oliver Xeagle. D.
29th Infantry: C. M. Wilcox. L. 43d Infantry:
F W. Miller. O. 45th Infantry: Oscar Perken-
Ptock hospital corns: Louts Oodmy. E>. 4th
Cavalry: t>. F. Allerdlce. E. 4th Cavalry: H.
C. Kendrlcks, F, 4th Cavalry: V. Bowmen. I.
4th Cavalry: G*oree Crltzman. L, 3<1 Artillery;
Thomas Maxwell. D. 6th Artillery; W. L. Ross,
C. 3d Infantry; J. W. Schultz. L. 3d Infantry.
Insane— J. 1». Dawson, H. 3d Artillery; J.
Zeardt. L. 2Sth Infantry: J. Blackland, E, Kth
Infantry: II. H. Huff. M, Kth Infantry.
The following named died during the
the Japanese troops and our force. Our
experience was to meet an enfilading flre
from a considerable section of the walled
city and from the mud village, which
might be called a suburb of the city
proper.
"Colonel Liscum lost his life thro"ugh a
combination of bravery- and recklessness.
He led us In the assault on the village
and died a soldier's death almost instant
ly. Poor fellow, he exposed himself un
necessarily. We were going asalnst an
enemy that could not be seen. The houses
were of mud and they had been loopholed.
so that when the advance was made not a
Chinaman could be seen. The flre of the
enemy was quite accurate and our losses
were heavy. However, we went as far a*,
we could and then held our position
through the day. We also succeeded In
quieting the yellow men on our front after
some exceedingly warm work.
"Early in the advance they hit mo
twice, once In the right hip and once In
the left leg. This was when we had got
within 150 yards of the village. It wa*
Impossible to drive the Chinese out on
account of a river which we could not
cross In the face of the fierce flre. Our
losses, which, as I said before, were very
heavy. occurred while we were crossing
the field which the Chinese were in a po
sition to sweep from their intrenchments.
In fact they had us at their mercy prac
tically during the entire day, but the boys
of the Ninth held every inch of the ap
parently untenable ground they had
gained until darkness fell and they were
ordered to fall back.- I went Into the
hands of the surgeons after being in the
field all day and did not see the final as
sault on the following day in which the
walls were carried and the allies gained
the victory.
"As to the fighting qualities of the Cni
nese, I will say that 30 long as they can
fight behind fortifications or breastworks
they do well and the trained soldiers shoot
quite accurately, but you put them in th»
open to contend with American troop3
and the Yankees can walk over them at
odds of five to one. They have not that
necessary quality of the soldier known as
heart. Captain Noyes, who lasted longer
in the fight than I did. can give you a
better idea of the day than I can."
Gained Ground by Fierce Volleys.
"I was hit just before the last advance,
said Captain Charles R. Noyea, adjutant
of the Ninth Regiment. "We were under
a very heavy fii;e and gained our ground
by fierce volleys and rushes made while
the enemy was gathering for the return
fire. Our men would I not ! budge anii
stayed under flre from the early morning
dawn till dark before retiring. I, got a
scratch on the arm about 3:30 a. m.. In the
first advance, before wt got Inside the
mud wall.' About 8:30 they found me In
the calf of the left \°g and gave me a
wound that put : me out of action. After
I was hit I went back nfcout sixty yards
behind a house, where there were a num
ber of other, wounded men. Finally, after
great effort, I crawled through ditches In
the field until I got out of range of the
crossfire.
. "About twenty minutes after I was hit
Colonel Liscum was killed while gallantly
leading: the assault on the village. Our
command retn*' t<?d finally under cover of
darki c*a. Onlj v.-.i'f of the regiment wns
engaged on that part <f the field. The
next day the Japanese force fought their
way Into the city and the works were
taken after hot fighting In the street*
from barricades and. from houses. The
four parts of the city were then placed
under guard of the English, Japanese,
Americans and Russians.
"Some idea of the heat of the act'on
may be gained by the statement of the
fact that out of a command of 450 men
and fifteen officers the percentage of cas
ualties was In the case of the men 20 and
the officers 33 per cent. I am here on a
furlough to' recuperate."
Sergeant Dorey's Story.
Sergeant Dorey of Company C of the
Ninth tells an interesting story. This
gallant fighter now occupies a cot at the
general hospital. He is crippled for life,
having lost his left arm In the Tientsin
battle. His story of the battle Is as fol-
"We started about 3 o'clock in the
morning and by daybreak had marched
four miles and taken the outer wall. The
Japs blew up the gate and planted their
guns on the wall and kept up a continu
ous flre, which enabted us to advance to
within about 300 yards or the inner wall,
a mile from the first one. We finally
reached the trenches, but not before most
of us had been wounded and five had
been killed. We got Into the trenches anrt
fought for all we were worth, but with
the knowledge that every shot must count
as ammunition was running short. Th»
Chinese had guns at the "ends of th*»
trenches, with which they poured in a
raking fire. We were up to our waisia
In water and had to stoop to keep from
being hit. The sight of a head poking
up called forth a shower of bullets In it.-.
direction and these Chinamen are all good
marksmen. I was shot In the arm about
II a. in. and had to stick it out ail day,
as to move out of cover meant certaiii
death. Colonel Liscum was the brav«?3t
of the brave. He led his men right
through the thickest shower of lead I
have ever been in, and when we saw him
drop we felt we could stay where we
were forever if we could but get a chance
to avenge his death. I think we did, but
it cost us a number of brave lives.
The Japs are great fighters and will
give up their last crust or drop of water
to an American." - ¦
Four Wounds Could Not Stop Him.
Private von Schlick has been recom
mended for a medal of honor. He was
wounded four times and still carries a
bullet in his neck. He was ordered to
stay by a wounded comrade and place
him In a protected Dlace. He carried his
comrade 400 yards on his back and re
ceived a bullet in his shoulder Just be
fore reaching the supposed place of
safety. While bandaging his wound he
was struck In the jaw by another Chinese
bullet. Caring for himself as best ne
could he proceeded to bandage the
wounds of his comrade. Hardly had he
finished the operation when he was struck
again, this time a few Inches below the
first wound received. His officers wit
nessed his splendid behavior and will see
that he Is properly honored.
Sergeant Blckhort is another one of Co
lumbla's brave soldiers who is now occu*
pying a cot in the hospital. He is suffer
ing from a shot through the lungs. The
serseant. though scarcely able to talk,
said yesterday:
"It vas the hottest fight I have ever
been in and I saw a number of good hot
battles In Cuba and ?he Philippines. To
my Idea Colonel Ltscum was the bravest
man In China. He led his men until he
fell and asked them to do nothing he
would not do himself. Lieutenant Law
ton performed one of the greatest feats of
daring ever witnessed. He went twice
across the field we had Just won and.
though severely wounded, carried two
heavy boxes of ammunition, of which the
boys on the .firing line were very much In
need. We were at all times under a crosa
tire and could not more for fear of being
hit. "We had to stay where we were and
after lying In dirty water all day sneak
out of danger when darkness came on."
The Complete Passenger List.
Following Is the complete passenger Mat
of the Thomas, prepared by C. L. Clay
ton, the quartermaster's clerk:
Cabin — W. H. Everett, commander. United
States navy: Major T. D. Kellehfr. paymas
ter: Major W. O. Gambrill. paymaster; Cap
tain E. V. Bookmillrr. Captain T.'H. Schoef
fel, - lieutenant L. B. Lawton. 9th Infantry:
Chaplain W. D. McKlnnon. Assistant Army
Surgeons C W. Rash. S. T. Harris, P. JI.
Afhburn, XV. R. Davis and TV. J. Lyster;
Lieutenant G. D. Montgomery. 34th Infantry:
Lieutenant F.~W. Muhr. 29th Infantry: W. J.
Crowley, Whitney Burnham and Guy W. Bast
man, quartermaster's department. United
States army; Major J. C. Dent. 21th Infantry:
Major James Regan, 9th Infantry; Captain
W. A. Thurston, 16th Infantry; Captain C. B.
THE first consignment of
wounded- men from the bat
tlefields of China arrived on
the transport Thomas . late
Wednesday night. All of them
bear the marks of their en
counter with the Boxers and
not a few are still in a precarious con- I
dition.
The transport was given pratique early
yesterday morning and at once moved
down to the Presidio. There the wounded
and sick soldiers were landed and later
the Thomas was docked at Folsom-street
wharf.
: At Nagasaki the hospital ship Solace
and the Thomas met. The former had
aboard a number of the officers and men
from the Ninth Infantry. All of them
were with Colonel Liscum In the famous
fight before Tientsin and all of them were
wounded in that terrible encounter.
When the Thomas left Nagasaki there
were thirty-one prisoners aboard, but ten
of them escaped at Nagasaki and the
chances are some of them will come along
on the next transports under arrest.
The Thomas brought from Nagasaki 47
gallant American soldiers bearing witness
in the shape of scars and wounds of the
fierceness of the engagement of July 13
between the allied forces and Ihe Chinese.
The battle of Tientsin in which the Amer
icans behaved bo nobly cost the Ninth In
fantry more men than. two years of ser
vice In Cuba and the Philippines.
American Troops' Awful Experience.
: From 3 a. rn. until dark -the American
soldiers marched and fought over the rice
i HeldH and through trenches ¦ containing
water that reached tneir waists. From
the outer wall, which had been demol
ished by the British artillery, to the inner
w;*n. a distance of about a mile, the
troops forced their way through a per
fect hail of bullets: Despite the hard
ships, the sight of failing comrades and
the knowledge that the yellow devils far
outnumbered them, the gallant fellows
kept on. Fired .on from- all sides, they
never halted "until they reached the un
fordable Peiho River. They stood in the
trenches and returned bullet for bullet.
Urged- by the fh->e example of their officers
the men stood , the death-dealing flre of
the "Chenos" until' their ammunition be
came almost' exhausted.' "
No Bullets Here, Said Brave Liscum.
iBrave Colonel' Liscum marched at the
head of his regiment cheering his men.
.".There are no bullets here, men: come
on," he shouted, and was obeyed. March-
Ing by the side of Sergeant Gofman. who
carried the regimental flag, the fearless
old colonel led and urged on his men.
Gorman received a bullet and faltered.
Liscum 'took the colors from his nerve-
Special Dispatch to The Call.
The powers which objf-ct to the Russian
proposition are Germany and Italy. Those
favoring It are the United States. Great
Britain, France. Japan and Russia.
The powers which question LI Hung
Chang's credentials and the ability of the
Imperial Government to enforce the terms
he knar make are Germany and Italy,
¦while France would like to know more
about the credentials before the negotia
tions be-pln. The Governments to which LI
Hung Char.g Is acceptable are the United
f?tates. Russia. Great Rritain ajid Japan.
Confidence is expressed that France will
rot be obstinate in the matter, but will
join the quartet.
With five powers acting In unison Ger
many and Italy will then. It Is thought
here, be compelled by the sheer weight
of. the opposition to Join in withdrawing;
from. Pckingr and beginning- peace nego
tiations- wi;h the Chinos*-. Viceroy. There
remains for negotiation the question as
to the point to which the allies will be
withdrawn. Russia has not made a sug
gestion on this point. It is simply reit
prated that Russia's opposition to dis
memberment Is urged in the Interest of
peace ar.d that the Imperial Government
be allowed to reoccupy Peking, the allied
forces withdrawing.
Although the administration has kept
WASHINGTON, Aug. 30.-
Flvo powers have agreed
to Russia's proposition
to withdraw troops from
Peking ar.d two have
announced opposition to
Its adoption. Four pow
ers have finally declared
that LI Hung Chang is acceptable to them
CS peace envoy for China; two Question not
U Hang Chang Is acceptable to them as
J*?ac« envoy for China; two question not
cr.ly LI Hung Chang's credentials but also
the power of the Imperial Government to
epprove his acts; and one wishes to knovr
mor« about the credentials he holds be
fore It Is willing to treat through htm.
This Fums up the international situation
¦with respect to China as shown by the
£e\-elopments to-day. It could hardly be
more satisfactory, viewed from the Amer
ican standpoint. An active interchange of
¦¦views took place to-day between the cap
itals of Europe and Japan and Washing
ton and as a result It is likely that pres-
Fure will be applied to the two powers
ur.xSoiis to remain In Peking to Induce
them to withdraw simultaneously with
the evacuation by the other allies.
Three Nations Only Stall Oppose Withdrawal Rroiraii
Peking 1 aed Treating* for -Peace. / ¦>;¦'."
Traesport Thomas Bongs Half a Hiairadined
'¦From Battlefields of GMiraa,
UNITED STATES AND RUSSIA
WHIP POWERS INTO LINE
WOUNDED HEROES
FROM TIENTSIN
The San Francisco Call.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SAN FRANCISCO, FRIDAY, 31, 1900.
VOLUME LXXXYIII-NO. 92.
HOME ON THE • THOMAS FROM • MANILA • AND - CHINABitter Talk of Collu
sion and Threats of
Impeachment Soon
Follow.
Names Receiver for
Five Properties Di
rectly Upon Arrival
at the Cape.
ALASKAN DISTRICT JUDGE NOYES
AWAKENS WRATH OF MINE-OWNERS
AT NOME BY ASTONISHING ACTS
THE SAX FJ&AXCISCO CALI,, FRIDAY, AUGUST 31, 1900.
JUDGE NOTES, WHO MADE McKENZIE RECEIVER TOR FIVE VAI.TJAGLE PROPERTIES.
Central Dining rooms. 14 and 2f. ' Ellis, re
opened by J. B«tz. well-known restaurateur. •-
BUFFALO/ AJg. 20.-Frank Erne ami
Tom Couhig tl Dunkirk fought six round.-*
to a draw at. tne Olympic Athletic Cruf<J
to-night. ' i _ . .
DENVER. Aig. 30.— Otto Selloff of Chi-,
cago received/the decision over "Young"*
Kenny of Cheaso at the end of the tenth
round to-nigit before the Olympic Club, .
feiloff Wins.
CORBETT WILL SOON ISSUE
A CHALLENGE TO JEFFRIES
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW TORK, Aug. 30.-I think everybody will admit that 1 defeated Mc-
Coy on my merits. I outfought him from the start, and do not see how he can
offer any legitimate excuse for his defeat. My work with ' McCoy proves, I
think, that I am no longer a "has been," and am entitled to consideration
from Jeffries. I intend to make another effort to regain the championship,
and In the course of a few days I will issue a challenge to Jeffries and ac
company it with a substantial forfeit. I, believe that I am just as good a
ngrhter to-day as I ever was. If I have a little bettor luck the next time I
put on the Igloves with the big boilermaker 1 feel sure that I can beat him.
. . JAMES J. CORBETT.'- ¦
McCOY SAYS DEFEAT WAS
DUE TO OVERTRAINING
»
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW .YORK, Aug. 30.— I was overtrained. -A left hand. blow on the body
beat me. It-was , an ¦', awful blow and I. felt 'myself sinking to the floor im
mediately after I received it. It-caused me a lot of pain and I was absolutely
helplpss for the time, being. I : tried"to clinch with Corbett to save myself
so as to recover my strength land continue. While I was attempting to
embrace Corhett he hit me hard on the ribs. .The blow knocked all. the fight
there was in me out and T. fell to the floor." I heard White count six, but have
no recollection of his countlngten. though" it strikes me I was looking at
him ar.d waning for. him;to say nine, ; intending to^ge,t, up,. when. he, told me
' thenght waa-'oveV and'Corbett had won.'" "' "*,' CHARLES (KID) • McCOY.' - ¦¦
Special Dispatch to The : Call. '
NEW YORK, Aug v SO.— Robert Fitzslm
mons In the Journal says: "It's going to
be a clever boxing match and they've got
a good house, tooj It's a bully wind-up
to the present game. Ah, here comes
'Kid.' He looks pretty good, but he's
up against the best and cleverest man he
ever put a glove on with. Here comes
Cprbett. He offers to shake hands ana
McCoy, refuses. Here the crowd cheers
Jim. He did the manly thing. Corbett
is not in the condition, though, that he
was when he met- me.- Then muscles!
stood out all over him. It's a regular old
time fight night, though," isn't It? It's a
shame, to kill sport like this. There they
go out to get their instructions from the
referee. The -gloves are being examined
See Corbett eyeing McCoy. They're
both a bit anxious. But that's natural
before a big fight like this. Doesn't Char
ley White look funny with his bald head?
He s balder than I am. isn't he? You
don't see any baldheaded men drivinr
coal wagons. Oh, there goes the bell, now
for it." .
Sizes Up the Fighters and Makes
Comparisons.
FITZSIMMONS' IMPRESSIONS.
Corbett's seconds were George F. Con-
Fidine. Spider Kelly, Leo Pardello and
Fred Stone.
McCoy's handlers were his brother
JJemer Sc-lby. Harry Harris. Jack O'Brien
of Philadelphia and Bobby Burns.
The men battled for CO per cent of the
gross receipts, which was to be divided.
.5 per cent to the winner and 25 per cent
to the loser. It Is estimated that there
was about $o0.0(W in the house, so that
Corbett will receive in the neighborhood
of $18,000 and McCoy about $6000.
The betting just before the men entered
the ring was 2 to 1 on Corbett.
' Neither man when he returned to his
. dressing room showed any marks on face
- or body. Corbett. of course, was in the
1*e*t of humor and his friends were ply-
Ing him with questions or shouting con
gratulations.
Neither Man Marked.
McCoy mw that he was no longer able
to ward off the biK fellow's blows and he
threw his arms across his face, holding
his head down in hopes of paving himself
from a knockout punch. Corbett relent
lessly showered lefts and right*, which
etraigTstene<i McCoy up. and then Jim
ewung a left which crashed into McCoy's
¦body. McCoy doubled up. and in doing s»o
held Corbett's left glove with his right
arm. Corbett then drove McCoy away
from him with a right over the heart,
end as the Kid went back staggering Jim
leaped after him. landing another left
smash on the same spot, and the Kid
dropped to the floor. McCoy bravely
tried to pet -up. but those three blows had
taken all his strength away, and while
fce made frantic endeavors to get up Ref
eree White counted off the ominous ten
seconds. By an almost superhuman ef
fort, McCoy Ptood up after he had been
counted out, but he was dazed and the
referee had to puEh.him toward his cor
ner, where his seconds took him in hand.
Inside of two minutes McCoy walked out
of the ring, closely surrounded by his
handlers. Meanwhile Corbett's friends
had jumped Into the ring and, Burround
ing the big fellow, showered congratula
tions upon him when he was announced
the winner.
The Finishing Blows.
At times f'orbett stopped his scientific
Tvnrk and resorted to slugging, which
Siroved very effective. McCoy was forced
to clinch and it was then seen that Cor
bett was surely petting the best of it.
McCoy had to break ground frequently
andT after the bell had sent them to their
corners, while both men showed signs of
fatigue M<-Coy wap certainly tno wearier.
In the fifth ah.d concluding round Corbett
forced McCoy into the former's corner,
where the Kid kept blocking and sparring
for an opening to get out. Corbett swung
lor. the head, but McCoy ducked under U
very cleverly and jumped to the center
of the ring. Jim rushed him across the
floor of the ring and by clever work
forced McCoy back into the corner again,
where he sent ripht and left to the. Kid's
head. This was the beginning of McCoy's
undoing.
McCoy "Weakens.
was equally fruitful of damage to each
boxer.
STORY OF THE BRIEF
BATTLE BY ROUNDS
- ROUND I.
AT THE RINGSIDE. MADISON
SQUARE GARDEN. Aug. 30.—
At 10:35 o'clock the referee
called the men to the center of
the ring and instructed them. A mo
ment later they advanced to the cen
ter of the ring. Just before the men
began Referee White cautioned the
seconds that if any of them entered
the ring they would be arrested.
Corbett stArted feinting with McCoy
breaking ground. McCoy tried with left,
but missed. Corbett fainted with left, but
stepped back. McCoy tried a right swing,
but fell short. Corbett tried with his left
for the head, but McCoy threw it off. Cor
bett. after a spell, tried another left, but
was stopped. Both feinted cleverly and
Corbett. tried another left. McCoy rushed
with both hands, but Corbett stepped back,
breaking ground three times. . Corbett tried
left swing, but wa» cleverly blocked, and
McCoy made him break ground In trying
left for the head. Neither landed a blow
durine the .round. The bell found them
sparring in the middle of the ring.
BOUND II.
The cleverness displayed by the men was
beautiful. As they came to the center In
this round McCoy was the aggressor, try
ins a right inside, but fell short. Corbett
tried to hook his left to the head, but
failed to land on the Kid. McCoy sent two
left Jabs to Corbet t'e mouth. Jim aimed
a- risht hook for the head, but McCoy
blocked neatly. McCoy rushed, but Jim
sidestepped. McCoy landed a left on the
ear and at close quarters put his left to
the body, and Jim put his right to ear
and face. They clinched and In the break
away Corbett tried for the head, but
missed. Corbett then sent his left to the
ribs, tried Rgrain and fell short. Corbett
sent his left to the neck and crossed | his
right to the- mouth. Again the bell found
them sparrlne in tlie middle of the ring.
ROUND III.
Both feinted fpr a few seconds, and then
Corbett sent hin left for the body, but was
Mocked. McCoy tried a left' swing', but
Jim got away safely. Corbett essayed a
left swing for the body, but McCoy blocked.
Corbett rushed in, but McCoy clinched safe
ly and the referee separated them. Jim
tried a right for the Jaw, but McCoy
ducked. They came together in another
clinch. McCoy's elbow going to Corbetfs
chest, and McCoy wm cautioned by the
referee. McCoy was now on the defensive
and blocked a left uppercut. McCoy led
left to face and Jim countered. Both
landed left swings' on the mouth. Corbett
dropped his science for a moment and be
gan walloping without landing, as the
Kid's blocking was perfect.
•HOUND IV.
Both came up quickly at the sound of the
bell. Oorbett being- the asgressor. McCoy
broke ground frequently, going backward.
Corbett landed a left on the face, .but the
Kid broke away when Jim tried left and
right swings. Jim kept following, trying
left ewincs, and they came to a clinch.
Corbett rushed and the Kid landed left
on the ear. Corbett rushed again, driving
the Kid across the ring, swinging his right
and uppercutting with his left, i McCoy
kept durklng. but Corbett got to him with
both hands. McCoy Jabbed two lefts in
the face and kept after his man. baitering
down Corbetfs defense. McCoy clinched
frequently and both showed signs of weari
ness when they went to their corners.
ROUND V.
The Kid stepped In with the left to the
face. He tried a right Bwlnsr, but missed.
McCoy rushed again, but Jim put right
and left to the bead. Jim tried left for
head, but they clinched and broke at the
referee's bidding. 'McCoy was now in
Jim's corner and Jim- tried, a "left .swing;
under which the Kid ducked. McCoy Jab
bed his left to the face. McCoy again got
Into Jim's corner. Corbett smothered McCoy
with risrhts and lefts on the body and head.
McCoy was then unable to defend himself,
and simply crossed his arms under his face.
Corbett, seeing that he had McCoy at his
mercy, drove a hard left to the stomach
which doubled McCoy in two, McCoy hold
ing on to Jim's left glove. Jim then plant- I
ed a hard right over the heart which gent
McCoy stagrgerinsr, and Oorbett, following
quickly, sent another left to the same
spot, and McCoy went to the floor. While
the referee was counting the ten seconds
McCoy struggled to retrain his feet, but
he was counted out. before he could stand
up. White had courted him out before
the Kid eot up, and he did not seem to
realize that he had been counted out.
The referee had to tell him to go to his
corner. . McCoy left the ring within a min
ute after he was counted out, while Cor
bett was detained by his friends, who sur-'
rounded him and smothered him. with con
gratulations. Time of round, two minutes
and three seconds.
MADJSOX SQUARE GARDEN. XEW TORK, Aug. 30.— The most blatant, barefaced and withal the most cleverly
executed lighting fake ever perpetrated by pugilists of renown was encompassed to-night, when after two min
utes and three seconds of alleged figthing in the fifth round James J. Corbett " "knocked out"" '"Kid" "McCoy"
In the presence of 10.000 people.' who Tiad paid,all the 'way from 55 to $35 a seat.. "The job was accomplished with 1
"neatness and dispatch." ¦ So clean was the work, sp clever the' offense and defense : -of both men that niriety-out
of every hundred laymen left the building under the belief 'that.Jthey had just witnessed one of the 'granflestj'
battles *»ver contested. As a matter of fact, and as borne out by the betting and the demeanor of the mien themselves,
the affair reeked with evidence of prearrangement from time call to count out.
From the first to the fifth Yound McCoy, who had agreed to make a neat and, effective job of it, stood up and. took
punching which the veriest tyro must have evaded. There was no attempt on McCoy's part., at eluslveness. .He .backed
into corners and ran into jabs and swings which Tom Duggan could. have avoided, j It is ' stated 'to-night that,-: as his
price, McCoy is to receive 60 per cent of every dollar in the house, is to say, ithe whole -of the contestants' share
In to-night's big grate is to be paid over to the vanquished one. Corbett Is to receive not a penny save - that'', which will
come to him by reason of his clouded victory and the two years'" theatrical contract made a month ago, contingent upon
his success over McCoy. As there was $100,000 in the house McCoy will get $GO,000 for the part he played 1n the swindle on
the public. L.. M. HOUSEMAK
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BLATANT, BAREFACED FAKE, SAYS HOUSEMAN.
The schooner Edith, arriving at Nome
on August 19, brought newa that F.. Scott
SEATTLE, Aug. 20.— The steamship
Senator arrived this morning from Nome,
bringing advices up to August 21, the date
that she left. There were 250 returning
passengers : and about S320.C00 in treasure.
sons Drowned, Among Them a
San Franciscan. ,
Special Dispatch to The Call. •
DEATHS AT NOME.
Chicagoan Murdered and Many Per-
The i.r.:ty all sailed together from Seat
tle. Mr. Braslan says, on the steamer
Senator. At Seattle, according to the
stories of people now at Nome. McKen
zie said he would need the services of at
least one hundred persons in the north.
He invited certain Seattle men to go to
Nome with him. Hubbard, an attorney,
now at Nome, and Chipps. who appeared
as a complainant, asking for the appoint
ment of McKenzie as receiver, were at
AVashington when Noyes* 'appointment
was pending. Hubbard is attorney for all
the plaintiffs, Noyes was confirmed leas
than three months ago as Judge, the date
being June 6. 1900. Chipps. McKenzie and
Hubbard were on the Senator as fellow
passengers with Noyes.
"I met Judge Noyes on the Senator upon
his arrival at Nome." said Mr. Braslan
yesterday. "He arrived at 9:30 a. m. Sat
urday, July 21. McKenzie hired an entire |
floor at the Golden Gate Hotel for the
judicial party, and his room adjolneti
Judge Noyes' room. At 2 p. m. of the
same day it was public talk on the streets
of Nome that Hume of Hubbard, Bee
man & Hume, was to be Deputy United
States District Attorney. On the follow
ing Monday papers were filed by Huo
bard. Beeman & Hume asking for the ap
pointment of receivers for five properties.
The hearings were ex parte in the Judge's
chambers and the defendants were not in
formed of the proceedings. On Tuesday
McKenzie hired a big office and placed
his sign on a window. It has been openly
stated in Nome that McKenzie asked me.i
If they would -give him one-half of their
income if they were appointed receivers
for mining properties. United States Com
missioner,. Reuben Stevens also went up
on the Senator. He is trying titles to
real estate. He stopped all mining on the
beach and caused the arrest of ten miners
for trespass and also for felony. McKen
zie says that he has 250 to 300 mining
claims to sell."
In addition to having their property
placed in the hands of a receiver the de
fendants In the suits that have finally
found their way to San Francisco have
been asked to pay damages ranging from
$200,000 down to $50,000 each.
Alexander McKenzie was a day laborer
at Bismarck, N. D., when the Northern
Pacific reached that place. He borrowed
money and engaged in the soda water
business and made a few hundred dollars.
Next he was Sheriff and is credited with
having made $20,000 during his term. Then
he was a lobbyist for the Northern Pa
cific Railway. He was the reputed agent
for the expenditure of large sums to pre
vent anti-lottery legislation. He has
money. There are many stories told con
cerning his sharpness.' Now his enemies
say that he is the bane and boss of Nome
Arthur H. Noyes came to Minneapolis
from Indiana about nine years ago. He
at once began the practice of law. and
about four years later formed a partner
ship with A. M. Harrison, now one of the
District Court Judges. The firm's name
was Harrison & Noyes. Mr. Noyes was
the office member of the firm. When Min
neapolis undertook to punish boodling In
the City Council, two years ago. Harrison
& Noyes were retained by what was knrwn
as the "ring" to defend those of their
number who had been indicted for mal
feasance in office. These cases were the
first bigHrlals that had been conducted
by the firm, an.l they made the reputation
of both men: In all but one of them the
defendant escaped punishment. Later Mr.
Harrison was appointed by the Governor
to fill a vacancy on the District bench,
and the firm was dissolved. Mr. Noyes
was never a candidate for office In Minne
apolis, although always a prominent
worker in the Republican ranks.
Mr. Braslan rays there is much talk at
Nome concerning the relations of Judge
Noyes and McKenzie. The story is cur
rent, so Mr. Braslan says, that McKenzie
worked for the appointment of Noyes,
and that Noyes telegraphed from "Wash
ington-for McKenzie to came to the na
tional capital to assist him. After the
appointment Noyes and McKenzie were
together at a St. Paul hotel. Noyes' law
library was expressed to Seattle in the
name of McKenzie at half-rate because
of McKenzie's former connection with the
Dakota division of the Northern Pacific
Railway On the arrival of the judicial
party >.t Seattle. McKenzie attended to
the bu-' . " of looking after hotel accom
modato.i >-:,d transportation.
Charles P. Braslan has just arrived from
Nome. For the part that he took In the
proceedings he was challenged to a duel
with pistols by Alexander McKenzie. The
challenge was delivered by a clerk of the
District Court, who proposed pistols at
twenty-five paces. "Make it twelve and a
half paces and I will fight this afternoon,"
was the answer Mr. Braslan sent -back.
The duel did not come off.
son" at Nome, according -to the Interfer
ence with navigation by Ice. Tv"hen the
close season draws near there will be a
hegira of brilliant lawyers, who will not
care to pass many months at Nome. De
prived of their assistance the mine own
ers might suffer much.
On August 8 the Edith left Nome on -a
trading expedition. The persons aboard
were Morrison, Captain Gilley an<J Ed-,
ward Foregren. They intended to sail
along the Alaskan coast and trade with
the natives. The plan was to visit the
Siberian coast. An Indian named Sam.
was employed and the boat was navigated
to the Russian side, where it arrived Fri-;
day, August 1«>. That afternoon exchanges
were made with natives, who appeared
friendly. In the evening the traders re- "
turned aboard their vessel, which was
anchored a short distance from shore.
Morrison retired to the cabin and went,
to bed. Captain Gilley, Foregren and
Sam remained on deck. A" few minutes
later the report of a gun, discharged froja
the shore, was heard. No attention W*J
given to the incident. Presently a sec
ond shot was fired and immediately after
ward Morrison cried: "I've been shot."
Hi3 mates on the deck hurried to his as
sistance and found that a rifle bullet had
penetrated the starboard side of tho
schooner and entered " the lert groin o«-
Morrison. The vessel was at once atarttu.
for American territory. At 5 o'clock thu
following morning Morrison died.
The next morning when in the vicinity
of Sledge Island Captain Gilley. while sit
ting on the rail, was struck by the boom,
and thrown into the water. His compan
ions witnessed the accident, but ho
drowned before assistance could be ren
dered. After considerable difficulty hia
body was recovered. ?».-«-,•.
Foregren took command and put ashore,
where he employed another Indian and
brought the Kdith into port. The disas- "
ters were reported to the authorities.
Foregren and his two native assistants '
were taken into custody.
A Russian nobleman. Count Padhorsk)-. ;
returned from Diomedes Island to Nom'o
on the steamer Albion August IS, having
rescued Count Du Pare, Oluckhardt and
Captain R. Tompkin. who had been cast
away on the island, living on seal blubber
for twenty-seven days. Padhorski about
three weeks before chartered the schooner
Frances Alice and invited the others to
accompany him on a trip of adventure
and hunting among the islands of tht*
coast of Siberia. They were to land on
the coast later on and investigate a con-
cession obtained from the Russian Gov
ernment for mining purposes. .Du Pare
and Luckhardt got off at Diomedes Island
with three days' rations, while the
schooner cruised further eastward. A .
storm blew the schooner up and down thp
coast between Cape East and Point Hope
for seventeen days. Padhorski returned
to Nome and chartered the steamer Al
bion to go to the rescue of hi3 stranded
guests.
A bold attempt at incendiarism in Nome
was made August 18. when a firebug
thought to start a general conflagration
by burning the Cabinet Saloon on Front
street. Between 12 and 1 o'clock that
morning the night watchman smeUtd'
smoke, and examination showed It
came from room 17, occupied by
an attache of ,»t he saloon named
Hood. The room was entered and it was
found a fire had been made of newspapers
and was burning briskly on the 'floor.- the
papers having first been saturated with
kerosene, which was also sprinkled about.
, the floor.
Under the papers a candle was burning,
the firebug having lit the candle and piled
; the papers around and over It.
The recent storms at 'Xorae caused a
terrible loss of life. So far thirty-eight
bodies have been recovered on the beach
and buried by the officials.
Captain Richardson of the Sequoia, en
gaged in the fishing trade, says seventeen,
dead bodies have been found and burled
between Topkuk and Golovin Bay and
twenty-one between Topkuk and Port "
Safetv.
R. i. Nelson found two bodies at Ciintk.
On one was found the address: '•217
Third street. San Francisco,", bat- no
name. So far as known not one of the
bodies was identified before burtel.
Reports of drowning have also >een re- ,
celved from up the coast. Men frrm York
and Port Clarence state that without
doubt many persons were drowned. How
many or who may never be kno^n.
\V. W. Winsrard. Dr. F. Ho't James.
Curtin. Pete Meyers and Joe Srrensert re
turned to Nome from Bluff City on August
19. Wingard stated that hls,*>arty found
the body of Frank C. Alger tl Seattle on
July 29 on the beach six mile* below r.Iuff
City. They burled the remalis at the erts;o
of the tundra. The deceas«d was In-t-ho
; company of A. Peavey ard A. Gordon,
and while trying to ride ott a storm 1n a
small sloop May 14 art Wfre drowned be
tween Golovin Bay andvaiuff City. THo
! body of Peavey was wasVd ashore a few
! days later. Wingard rf >orted the burial
j to the military authority.
, Deputy Coroner BaKock Investigated
j another drowning. Tt body was identi
fied as that of Adolih Rademocher of
| Seattle, a German, 27^-ears old, who camo
to Nome on the schqrner Francis Alice on
[ June 19. Rademoch-*r was interested in
, beach mining ot Qiartz Creek, and wa.<
on his way to Nonv in a small boat when
it upset and he wa» drowned.
The remains of Harry W. Harlan of
Chicago, who die* recntjy at Nome, ar
j rived on the Senaior to-day. They will b*» ¦
; embalmed and sfcpped East.
bodies were brought back to Nome on the
Edith.
.VA'.writ of prohibition addressed to Judge
Noyes may be the next thing. to be sought.
There is an op»n season and a "close sea-
/ E. * S. Pillsbury appeared before Judge
Morrow as • attorney • for P. H. Anderson.
When Judge Morrow's order was issued
Mf. j.Pillsbury saw "that it . was \ instantly
sent*, to "Nome by. three i mediums of .trans
mission that: there might be no failure to
have it reach its destination. Other at
torneys took energetic measures. .
A large array of legal talent battled
over the matter of, appeal. On the side
of the receiver were; Hubbard. Beeman &
Hume;; for the several defendants Attor
neys Charles S. Johnson, Jackson, Hatch,
Reddy, Campbell & Metson, Page, Mc-
Cutcheonand Harding & Knight strove.
Finding Judge Noyes obdurate in refus
ingto issue an order allowing an appeal,"
the contest was brought to the United
States" Circuit Court- of Appeals in this
city. The court was not in session. Judge
Morrow \ has tesued orders in the five
cases where " : ¦ McKenzie is the receiver
which will enable trie defendants to have
their contention considered by the United,
States Circuit Court of Appeals. The
orders also restrain the receiver from in
terfering In any manner or attempting to
enforce Judge Noyes' order until the ap
peals can be heard and'determined. The
'bond was fixed by Judge Morrow at $35,000
in -each case.
Millions of dollars' worth of property
;was placed in Alexander McKenzie's
hands, as receiver, in "one day. One of
these properties has a record of yielding
$15,000 per day. The bond in each of five
receiverships' given to McKenzie was
placed by Judge Noyes at $5000. '
According to authentic advices the per
sons and companies who were operating
the mines when McKenzie was put in pos
session were greatly surprised. Nineteen
days later, as evidenced by the transcript.
Judge ' Noyes had decided that there was
no appeal from his order appointing Mc-
Kenzie : in the suit- of Robert Chipps vs.
Jafet Lunderberg, Erik O. Lindblom and
John Brynteson. He reached the same
conclusion in four Other cases, which were
as follows: 0. : Jose Comtois vs. P. H.
Anderson, Herbert H. Webster vs. Michael
J Nackkela, Olc Klemetsen and Ole K.
Hatta; : I* " F. Melsing, H. L. Blake, D. B.
Libby, W. . T. Hume and O. P. Hubbara
vs. John P. Tornases; Henry Rogers vs.
William A. Kjellman. C. D. Lane and the
Wild Goose Mining and Trading Company.
Knight was not satisfied that there was
any legitimate reason for this \unjudicial
haste, and he went, on as follows: ' -; "I
think that your Honor, will agree as to the
fact that the bill of complaint was pre
sented to your Honor on the afternoon of
the 23d day of July, and that your Honor
thereafter made an order appointing a
receiver and the papers were ' subsequent
ly—that evening— handed . to the deputy
clerk of the court for filing, but that no
process was issued in the case in which I
now appear, involving claim No. 2 below,
Nos. 10 and 11 above arid No. 1 Nack
kela."
This took place August 3, eleven days
after Alexander McKenzie. the personal
friend of Judge Noyes, had by. him been
appointed receiver in five instances. No
move was made to strongly dispute
Knight's assertions. Attorney Hume,
who represented the receiver, admitted
that no summons had been placed In the
hands of an officer. He explained that
the petition for, a receiver had not been
filed before the appointment was made
because the clerk of the court could not
be found. These statements are all in the
transcript of the proceedings that has
just been received by the United States
Court of Appeals for the Ninth District,
in this city. •
"I desire to prove, if 'the court please,"
said^ Knight, "that the papers were not
filed In this case until after an order had
been, made appointing a receiver, and fur
ther; that no process was issued at that
time; and that, so far as I know, it has
not been issued at this time."
There was a remarkable scene at Nome
in the judicial presence, as related in of
ficial records of the proceedings one day
early. In August. Attorney Sam Knight
'of this city, representing the Wild Goose
Mining and Tracing Company, of which
C. D. Lane is the president, accused Judge
Noyes in open court of appointing a re
ceiver for. the company*s> claims before
any, petition for' such 'appointment had
been filed.
FISTS are shaken, pistols may flash
and a. Federal Judge may be im
peached because of the surprising
acts of Arthur P. Noyes, who wears
the judicial ermine In Alaska. Arriving
at Nome on the 21st day of last July, he
In two days threw into the hands of a
receiver the cream of the Nome mining
claims. Now In a little over a month ,
from his first assumption of judicial du
ties at Nome wealthy men and reputable
attorneys are talking of trying to oust
him from the bench, and are making most
remarkable statements, many of which
are actionable if the entire truth thereof
cannot be conclusively demonstrated.
/Both men entered the ring in superb
'condition. McCoy was heavier by several
pounds than in any previous fight. He
said himself that he never felt better in
his life and that he was never so fit as
he was for this contest. His appearance
in the ring before the fight and during
tiie first three rounds bore out all that
McCoy had said about himself. \
In the second round Corbett came up In
better form and his uneasy feeling had
evidently left him. His fretfuiness and
r.ervousness had disappeared and he gave
an exhibition which could only be given
by a man thoroughly posted in the inner
most points of the scientific art of box
ing. While not a blow was landed by
either in the first round the greater part
Hen in Superb Condition.
NEW YORK. Aug. 30.— The long-looked
for meeting between James J. Corbett and
"Kid" McCoy, under the auspices of the
Twentieth Century Club at Madison-
Fquaro Garden is over and in less than
live rounds Corbett proved himself to be
the hotter man. Keen judges of the game
who saw to-nighis fight declare that it
was the cleverest exhibition ever wit
nessed in the ring. l*p to the moment
thai the men stepped into the ring opin
ions as to their respective abilities were
widely divergent. Many claimed that
Corbett would prove to be the stronger
as well as the cleverer, and it was
through his superb feinting and heavy
slugging that he put McCoy down and
out. McCoy's friorjds all along have
claimed that he was equally as dexterous
with his hands, eyes and feet as the
former champion, and in addition to this
thry said that the Kid could hit harder
than Corbett. All who have met McCoy
acknowledge that his blows are powerful
ones and that they Fting and cut wherever
they land. To-night, however, while Mc-
Coy landed some slinging jabs, he did not
out Corbett's skin, nor aid he land a
fingle heavy right-hand blow during the
contest. On the other hand. Corbett,
when . he dropped Fcience and began to
elug. landed nard rights and lefts which
f imply took McCoys guard away, and
when Corbett found a vulnerable spot In
the region of McCoy's heart two lefts,
divided by a right, ended the battle.
Both Were in Condi
tion and Neither
Bears a Mark of the
Battle.
Fight Is Described as
One of the Clever
est Ever Witnessed
in the Ring.
Big Banking House Will Name Hunt
¦ ? ,",ington's Successor."
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Aug. 3O.-James Speyer,
who is now at his country home at Scar
borough on the Hudson, was seen there
to-night and asked concerning The Call's
London cable dispatch regarding the
Southern Pacific presidency. Mr. Speyer
was not disposed to discuss the matter
He said:
"I can only say that the board of di
rectors alone can decide upon Mr. Hunt
ington's successor. They have not yet
met for that purpose. Nothing has been
arranged. Beyond this I will say noth-
The banking house of Speyer & Co. was
for years identified with the late Collis
P- Huntington and with Southern Pacific
affairs. Since 1893 James Speyer, the
active head of the house, has been an
important factor in the financial manage
ment of the company, and although
neither he nor his partners are directors
of the company the firm and investment
interests represented by it are generally
believed to be much more heavily inter-
™ tcd ,i ln Southern Pacific securities than
Mr. Huntington was.^Speyer & Co. fig
ured prominently in the several syndicates
which recently bought the Southern Pa
cific stock held by the Stanford and
Crocker estates and the holdings of these
interests have therefore largely increased
during the Jast year. ThcSpeyers un
doubtedly have the power to name the
successor to President Huntington. Their
selection of an Kastern . railroad man
would greatly surprise the financial and
railroad world, it having been expected
that* either H. e. Huntington or CharhS
1 JJ*'^"'^ the Present vice presidents,
would be chosen. Such a selection would
probably indicate, however, that Speyer
& Co. and their friends are hereafter to
dominate the Southern Pacific manage
ment.
SPEYEES DOMINATE.
LONDON, Aug. 31.— Collis P. Hunting
ton's-successor as president of the South
ern Pacific Railroad will not be any man
now identified with the management of
the Southern Pacific.
Now, that the great railroad builder is
dead, the interests which for several
years have controlled the majority of the
stock of the Southern Pacific propose to
take a more active part in the operation
of the system. The first step to be taken
Is the injection of new blood into the
management.
This news comes to me from an au
thoritative source.
Charles H. Tweed, who was the con
fidential adviser of Mf. Huntington, and
who now holds the position of second
vice president, is mentioned in New York
as the probable successor of Mr. Hunt
ington. • Mr. Tweed, it can be stated, will
not be made president of the Southern Pa
cific. While his worth is appreciated by
the controlling interests, it is felt that
the road- will be greatly benefited by the
infusion of the new methods. Mr. Tweed
will have, however, a prominent place in
the management.
: The presidency of the Southern Pacific
will be offered within a day or two to one
of the ablest railroad men in America, a
man who is now president of one of the
greatest railroads in the East. Although
he has a comfortable berth where he is.
it Is believed he will be glad to round off
his railroad career by taking the more
important post left vacant by Hunting
ton's death.
When Mr. Huntington was pinched In
the panic of 1893, he was forced to let go
a large part of his securities to raise
ready money. The Messrs. Speyer ad
vanced him large sums. The. Southern
Taclflc stock which they then obtained,
together with their recent purchases,
gives these bankers a controlling Interest
in the road. Whilp Mr. Huntington- was
alive the Messrs. Speyer were content to
have him keep the presidency, although
they believed a change In the manage
ment of the Southern Pacific was advisa
ble. '•- ' '¦-¦•^ %~ r -• v "i. -" „.'¦•" ¦ -¦ '¦¦¦¦
-While .-James , Speyer. iwas-^in Europe
news came of Mr. Huntincton's death.
The question of naming his successor was
at once discussed. Mr. Speyer and >'his
brother Edgar, after considering the qual
ifications t of ,, the several railway men.
none ; of them, with the'- Southern Pacific,
hit upon the Eastern man of whom I have
spoken. - . -. ,^_-
Special Cable to The Call and New York Her
aJd. Copyright, 1900, by the Herald Pub
lishing Company.
New York Bankers Deem It Advis
able to Make a Change in
the Management.
LONDON SENDS NEWS
Neither Tweed Nor H.
E. Huntington in
the Running.
Eastern Railway
President to Be
Chosen.
SPEYERS
WILL NAME
THE MAN
"KID" McCOY GOES DOWN BEFORE
THE BLOWS OF FORMER CHAMPION
CORBETT IN THE FIFTH ROUND
Morrison of 713 "West Sixty-second street.
Chicago, where he leaves- a wife and five
stepchildren, was murdered by the Si
berian natives, and Captain Gilley. who J ,
arrived at Nome this spring on the ill
fated bark Alaska, was accidentally
drowned off Sledge Island. Both the
: <*>
JAMES J. CORBETT. WHO KNOCKED OUT KID McCOY AT MADISON
SQUARE GARDEN. . • ;•; r >
2A measure v:as recommended by tha
committee on the eicctlon of school trus
tees that the time of election of country
teachers be so changed that teachers will
know at the expiration of their ternio
whether they are to be retained or not.
It exeepts cities and city and county gov
ernments.
The report of the»committee on the gov
ernment of the State normal schools was
j adopted unanimously as follows:
First — It is recommended that the State
RoariJ of Education as now constituted be not
chanced.
Second— That the laws, relating to the Stat-e
normal schools b» to arhended that the State
normal schools be l'laced under the manage
ment and control of a board of resents, con
sisting of the Governor, State Superintendent
at Instruction and nlr.e other members to be
appointed by the Governor of the State.
Third— The details, powers and duties of said
boiird to be defined in a bill to be prepared by
a si>ecial rommittee of this convention, acting
In conjunction v.-lth a committee appointed by
the educational commission, and that a con
t-titutlonal amendment bo submitted providing
for the purport of the State normal schools
In a manner similar to thai by which the Uni
versity of California Is now supported. !
The government of high schools was
touched upon in the report of that com
mittee. It contained a recommendation
that the following be substituted for sec
tion <> of article 19:
The public school Byitem shall Include prim
ary and crammar schools, and such hich
schools, evening schools, normal schools and
technical schools as may be established by the
legislature, or by municipal or district author
ity.; but the entire revenue derived from the
State school fund, and the revenue derived
from taxe3 collected for primary and grammar
schools shall be applied exclusively to ihe sup
port of primary and grammar schools. The
revenue derived from taxes collected for high
schools and technical schools shall be applied
exclusively to the support of such schools.
It also recommended that a committee
be appointed by the State Superintendent
to confer with the educational commission
on matters pertaining to ihe schools.
The committee on text books submitted
the following report, which was unani
mously adopted: •
We, the committee, strongly recommfnd that
the State of California adopt a uniform series
of text books for its elementary and prammar
schools and that said text books be furnishe-i
to the schools of the State free of charge or
of other expense.
In view of the fact that our State constitu
tion as it now stands compels our State Board
of nducatlon to comuile or cause to be com
piled a scries of State text books and seems to
prohibit the purchase by said board in the open
market of any and all text books or copyrights,
however much superior to our present series,
we recommend that the chairman of this con
vention appoint a committee consisting of five
or Fevcti of its members with power to act in
conjunction with the educational commission
in Epcuring surli a proposed amendment to ar
ticle S. subdivision T, of our State constitution,
as will authorize our State Board of Education
to purchase in th^. open market such copyright
or copyrights as may be needed for a uniform
series of ' text books for use in the elementary
and grammar schools of the State, and to fur
nish eaid text books to the schools of the State
free of charjre ox other expense.
A few sligrht changes were suggested In
the mode of levying taxes for support of
schools by that committee.
A motion was adopted authorizing 'the
chair to appoint a committee of nine to
confer with the educational commission,
to be known as a committee on legisla
tion, to whom all the proposed amend
ments are to be submitted. Superintend
ent Kirk named the following committee:
n. F. Howard, Sacramento; J. H. Strine
Los Ancles; Miss Minnie Coulter. Sonoma; U
H. Webster. San Francisco; T. 13. McCarthy,
El Dorado: L. J. Chipman, Santa Clara; Mrs
S. EL P^art, Yolo; W. C. Doub. Kern; J. P.
Grecley, Orange.
Mrs. Carrie Stevens Walter addressed
the convention in regard to the preserva
tion of the Big Basin forest. Resolutions
urging the purchase of the forest by the
Government were urged. The following
committee was nam^d to urge the Sem
pervirenp Club in the interest of saving
the Big Basin forest: L. J. Chipman T
J. Kirk. J. W. Linscott. Miss M. E. Til
den and K. H. Webster.
They Also Propose Placing the Nor
mal Schools Under Control of
a State Board of Re
g-ents.
Superintendents at the San
Jose Convention Favor
the Idea.
FREE BOOKS
FOR PUPILS OF
PUBLIC SCHOOLS
OFFICERS CATHOLIC
LADIES' AID SOCIETY
Grand president. Mis» Julia Weber.
ST.ocku.n.
Grand Ferrctary and treasurer. Mls»
ilaxtar t Curtis. San Francisco.
Grand Fcr.ior vice president. Miss Mary
Carr. Oakland. '
Grand Junior vice president. Mra. M.
F. Pen Bey. Kan Luis Ob!Ej>o.
Grani deputy, Mlai Mary G2r.tr. San.
Francisco.-
Board cf grand directors:
Miss Julia. V.Teber. Stockton.
Mr*. A. L. LsoE'.er. Stoclitca.
Miss Gallaglier. Alameda.
Urs. Sullivan. San F.-aacisco.
ilrs. Jordan. Oak.'ar.d.
>¦¦- «»'£*-= ry. S«n Fmnctsso.
Mrs. Thomas. Santa Rosa.
Miss Mary Tulle, San Franclaeo.
M'.ss Err.rr.a KuEseU, San Francisco. :
Mrs. Samuel McFadden. Eaa Fran
cisco.
Mr«. Carvill, £aa Francisco.
SANTA CRUZ, Aug. SO.— It is rot ail
wcrlt at the Catholic Ladies' Aid Society
' grand cour.cll. but after the day's labor
in ».h<! council the delegates *i:d much
time and many ways of f-njoying thcm
ecIvos. The main source of enjoyment is
the surf bathing at Del Mar.
la the evening at the hotel the ladles
rfcad a peneral good time with music, s'.ng
.ing and an impromptu programme.';
The members of the Foclety fee! espe- ;
c'a!l-.' : happy this vear. as this has been by
jar the best year in the history of their
lesort. . •"
k. The following additional delegates have
¦trrivc-d: Grand Dirr-rtor Mrs. O. O. Kirk
of Oakland Xo 1: Mrs. James Fennel of
•Fan Francisco No. 2. Mrs. K- Rupert of
Alaraeda.Xo. 3 and Mrs. M. F. Spellmaa
<if Fail Eafael No. 24.
The session was opened this morning: by
'rthe sinKinp of "Hymn to the Sacred
¦Heatrt." written by Miss Marcella Fitz
.freraJd. presides in the absence of the
grard president. '
• The report of the board of directors was
j-ead and showed the society to be In a
prosperous condition. The report of the
i grand deputy was to the effect that she
'.r.ad visited nearly all the branches and
jlour.d them- In a Nourishing condition. The
following letter was received from Bishop
aior.t^craery:
In answer to year kind letter I bejj leave
••fo extend to the meeting hearty good wishes,
fccjiing: thct the deliberations may redound to
IS* &j&A of tl.e work und»r the rharge of the
'tirg^riizatlon. BEV. <i. MONTGOMERY.
The' Ber. J. Jt Cassin of Santa Rosa
rest a cornmur.iralicn expressing his best
wishes. :. .¦
The cjwthes g-uil<J reported that since
February J71 V) ¦ had ' been expended for
I ew articles, leaving on hand $3 40. About
'.':') pieces of old clothes had been dlstribu
v d. '
A be2.t1t.iful bouquet <->f carnations was
T':~sented to the presiding officer. Miss
?.l.rcella FK::ccrald. Letters of best
Vi^hes for the services of the Grand
Cciidl were r«ad from Mrs. Stevenot of
gar. Francisco and Miss A. K. Humphrey
of A'.ameda.
Th' important business of the conven
tion .as the election of officers. The of
ficers will be installed to-morrow.
Sepcrt cf the Betiring Board of Di
rectors ShOTSTS the Organization
to Be in Good Condi
tion-
Miss Julia Weber of Stock
ton Unanimously Chosen
Grand President.
CATHOLIC AID
SOCIETY ELECTS
NEW OFFICERS
Fears That She Will Succumb to Hy
drophobia and She Gives Indica
tions of Insanity.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
MONTEREY. Aug. 30.-News has been
received here from Sacramento that Miss
Minnie Sarchett of that city, who was
bitten by a dog belonging to C. W. Ker
lin of Del Monte Grove while she was
visiting relatives In this city recently is
so seriously ill that grave fears are en
tertained for her life. It is stated that
Miss Sarchett is crazed with the fear that
she will have hydrophobia unless the do.?
is killed and begs piteously to have him
shot. Her physicians believe that the ter
rible nervous strain she is now under wilt
produce the dreaded disease or insanity
and they, together with the young lady's
relatives, have demanded that the dog
be killed at once so that the girl :nay be
relieved from her fear. •
As yet the owner of the dog has not
agreed tc have him killed.
Decorators at Work.
Special IMsrfttch to The Call.
SANTA CRUZ, Aug. 30.-Decorators
commenced work at the Armory to-day
for the Republican State Convention, the
colors being red. white, blue and gold. J
Steppacher,- assistant secretary of the
State Central Committee, arrived to-day
and will remain until after tho conven
tion.
YOUNG LADY BITTEN BY
A DOG MAY NOT LIVE
Evidence Was Purely Circumstantial
and the Judge Finds Her Guilty
of Manslaughter.
SAX DIEGO. Aug. 30.— Word has been
received from Knsenada that Mrs. Ryer
son, widow of the late Governor George
Ryerson of Lower California, had been
found guilty of manslaughter and is now
serving her sentence in the Ensenada
jail. It will be remembered that about a
year ago a Mexican boy, who had been in
the employ of Mrs. Ryerson, was found
dead, hanging to a tree near her residence.
Mrs. 'Kyerson was arrested and charged
with the murder of the boy.
The evidence against her at the exam
ination was circumstantial, and the En
senada Judge found her guilty of man
slaughter. The case was appealed to the
higher court in the City of Mexico, but
the judgment of the lower court was con
firmed. The term of sentence is not
known, but in accordance with the rules
of all Mexican prisons requiring inmates
to work Mrs. Ryerson has been assigned
to the duty of matron of the jail at En
eenada.
Glenn County Fair.
WILLOWS. Aug. 3O.-The Glenn County
fair opened to-day with a large crowd
in attendance and many exhibits. In ihe
afternoon a baseball game between the
Gilt Edges and Willows was won by the
former team by a score of 4 to 1.
WIDOW OF EX-GOVERNOR
RYERSON CONVICTED
YOUTH SHOOTS HIS
FATHER BECAUSE HE
HAD BEEN ABUSED
• ¦ : .. •..'•¦¦
PENDLETOX. Or., Aug. 30.—Ar
thur Kelly, not quite 12 years old.
was brought here this afternoon by
Deputy Sheriff Blakeley for the
murder of his father, forty-five
miles from Milton, Tuesday.
Frank Kelly, the murdered man,
was about 50 years old. lie and
Arthur had been in the mountains
for the past week, but Arthur re
turned home Wednesday and stated
that his father had left him. Blood
was found on the blankets which
the boy brought back with him,
and an investigation was then
made.
The boy then said his father had
killed himself with a revolver. This
afternoon, however, he confessed to
murdering his father by shooting
him with a rifle, claiming that he
had abused him and threatened to
kill him. Deceased leaves a wife
and nine children.
CRESCENT CITY, Aug. 30.— Mr. and Mrs. L. Cdle, citizens of Redding, Cal., were brought to this city to
day, the latter' feeing in a m|st critical condition, the result of an accident that happened on the coast
wagon road in Curry County, Or.
The unfortunate couple were returning from a visit to Gold 'Beach when, on a grade cut in an al
most perpendicular mountain slope, the roadbed gave way and the wagon and its two occupants and the team,
consisting of a horse and a mule, were precipitated — the lady to the ocean beach about a thousand feet below and
the wagon and team, with Mr. Cole, to a lodgment against a tree some fifty feet under the grade.
Mrs. Cole's first fall, clear of all obstructions, was about one hundred feet, she alighting in the top of a myrtle
tree. Thence she tumbled, unconsciously, the remaining nine hundred feet to the beach over the cragged surface
of the declivity. }-v '=i
Mr. Cole was entangled by the harness and wreckage of the pendent wagon and team and only succeeded
in- extricating himself by the use of a .sharp knife which he chanced to have in his possession. Thus freed
from his perilous condition, he continued to slash with his knife until he liberated the struggling horse and
mule, to take the chances of their descent of the yet precipitous incline.
Mrs. Cole when found was thought to be dead, but she recovered slightly, and when b'rought to town her
condition gave promise of ultimate restoration. t Strange to relate, no bones were broken 'or dislocated. Mr.
Cole, though considerably shaken up. has no serious personal damages to complain of, and the wagon and team
escaped with far less damage than can be reasonably accounted for. In fact, the mule came out unscathed.
This narrow grade has twice before during the past few years been the scene of serious mishaps — once,
fatally, to one of the Stutts theatrical troupe, and but, recently in the severe crippling of several members of an
itinerant circus.
Mr. Cole will institute suit against Cuiry County for damages.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Harrowing but Marvelous Experience ofVL.
Cole and His Wife; Caused by Slide
on Mountain Road.
FALL OVER A THOUSAND
FEET YET ESCAPE DEATH
URIAH. Auy. SO.-Frank Dowling. a
barber of this city, was arrested this aft
ernoon on a charge of arson, preferred by
City Trustee Cunningham. Dowling was
placed under bonds of $1000. The hearing
will take place Tuesday. There is great
excitem«nt and threats of lynching.
About 2 o'clock this morning the barber
shop of Frank Dowling. which Is in the
center of one of the principal business
blocks of this city, was discovered by
Policeman George Hughes to be en
fire. An alarm was rung in and the flre
company was promptly on the ground.
There was some delay In starting a
stream of water, as the hose had been
tampered with. The fire was soon under
control, and when extinguished It wa3
found that the entire inside of the shop
was a wreck.' The building was of brick,
the property of S. Wurtemberg. who had
a saloon in the adjoining room. The plate
glars windows Jn the drug store of J. It.
Matthews, adjoining on the other side,
were broken, and the saloon was badly
damaged.
Twice before within the year fire has
been discovered in the rear of fhat row
near Uowling's shop. A few years aso
his residence v/as burned under suspic
ious circumstances.
The contents of the barber shop which
burned this morning v.as insured in the
American for S3C0. The policy had been
renewed July 2fi la?t. After the fire tho
local agent of the American warned
Dowling that the circumstances In
connection with the fire were suspicious,
and that the policy would not be paid
without a thorough Investigation. Later
in the day Dowling was arrested.
Frank Dowling Is Under Ar
rest and Lynching 13
Threatened.
Indications That the Fire That De
stroyed Do-wling's Shop Was
Started by Himself to Se-
cure the Insurance-
UKIAH BARBER
IN JAIL ON A
CHARGE OF ARSON
SiKclarDisnatch to The Call.
LAKEPORT, Aug. 30.— By trusting too
Implicitly to the honesty of his bookkeep
er and manager. George W. Piner, a
storekeeper at Kelseyville, has been
robbed of between $2000 and SEoOO. Numer
ous other storekeepers and business men
about town, as well, have been victim
ized, '•v.;
A man who gave his name as D. Neville
and claimed to have recently come from
Mexico is the clever rogue. However, not
a great deal is known as to his Identity,
and it is believed he operated under an
alias. Xothlnc is known of his past his
tory and there Is not the slightest clew
to his whereabouts. Not even a
photograph of him can be had for identi
fication purposes.
Melville reached Lakeport about two
years ago, and nrst was employed at the
Lakeport Hotel as clerk. He stayed for a
few months and then went to Cobb Val
ley, where he became manager of the
newly erected sawmill. Thence he went to
Kelseyvllle. whore he was given employ
ment by Mr. Piner. His work was well
performed and soon 'he assumed virtual
control of the business. A few days ago
he started for the northern end of the
county with a rip from Mclntyre & Ber
ry's livery stable to buy eggs. Nothing
was heard of him for a week, when in
quiries located the horse and bugpy at
Hopland, the rearest railroad ' station.
Then for the first time was anything
wrong suspected, and a very brief exam
ination of PIner's bcolcs disclosed crook
edness in his accounts.
Until Mr. Finer hears from all the firms
with which he Oeals he cannot know how
much he is out, as Neville collected con
siderable money, with which he professed
to be payirg bills.
Besides Mr. Finer, he has victimized
nearly every business house in the town,
as well as numerous individuals, in
amounts ranging from $20 to $300.
Trusted Employe Collects Various
Sums ¦ From Patrons of the
Store and Then
Levants.
George W- Piner.Is Robbed
of Several Thousand
Dollars.
STORFKEEPER
VICTIMIZED BY
HIS MANAGER
Special Dispatch to The Call.
].i:.YO, Xev.. Av.£. SO.— Hugh B. Gilroy.
the f orr er merchant of Petaluma, who
<!!• cl "Wednesday afternoon at the Xevada
In aac Asyium'iR this city, was the vic
sr\ of sorae unknown thug or enemy, for
! d. :th v.as due to a beating.
JUroy rat-secl through this city the
n •• ir.z of the 20th Inst., en route to
',' i.nenrjcoa to work at tho plumbing
• \. if-. lie worked only two days, when
| e was arresteil and thrown Ir.to jail on
the charge of Insanijy. Sheriff McDeid
of Hr.raboldt. County brought the man to
no explanations of the man's condition,
llcfore death Gilroy stated to Supervisor
McCarthy of the asylum that he fell Into
the hands of robbers and sneaks in Win
riemuoca, who robbed him of his money
and pold watch and nearly murdered him.
He was without a cent when brought
here. Indignation is intense here that the
Sheriff brought the man to Reno in his
condition.
An examination of the case will be held
to-nmrrow. when details of the case will
be learned.
WOODMEN ACTIVE.
Kcr.'j en the 2oth inst. and committed him
to i-'.ie asylum. Superintendent Patterson
raye the man was not Insane, but was
d. Mr: as and nearly dead from the effect
cf u.'ur.ds found upon his person. Every
• ;>ussible was done at the asylum to
. j e tne man's life, but the efforts proved
: [le tnd the victim was relieved of his
;- -JCerlng* on Wednesday.
An autopsy was held this afternoon
upon tbe remains by I>r3. Phillips and
Lewis and it was dearly demonstrated
liiat the man died from a blood ciot on
Tie brain produced' by a blow upon the
bead by same blunt instrument. The body
v.-as covered with bruises and discolora
tions, showing evidences of a brutal mur-
The Sheriff of HumboMt County made
"Will Conduct Inquiry Into the Death
of Their Comrade.
PETAI.UMA. Au?. 30.— The friends of
Gilroy here are not satisfied with the in
formation thus far advanced concerning
his death and the local camp of the Wood
men of the World decided last night at
thoir meeting to probe the matter to the
bottom. Instructions were sent to the
Woodmen at Rer.o to take charge of the
inquiry and to photograph the remains,
to order to establish the identity of the
victim. Many conflicting stories as to
how he met such a violent end are in cir
culation here.
The funeral will be under the auspices
r\* iha Woodmen-.
Mystery of H. B. Gilroy's Death in the
Nevada Asylum Clears With Sen
sational Results.
EVIDENCE POINTS
TO FOUL PLAY
THE SAN 'FRASTCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, AUGUST 31, 1900.
Forest Fires Checked.
LOS ANGELES, Aug. 30.— Forest Su
perintendent B. F. Allen Is convinced that
the mountain fires back of Pasadena,
which have been rasing for several days,
are now under control. Assistant Su
perintendent B. C. Thomas telephoned
Colonel Allen this morning that the re
ports of the damage alleged to have been
done by the fire yesterday and last night
wore very much exaggerated. , Thomas
Bent- word to this city that there is no
danger to the city's water supply and the
fire is not spreading, but is. on the con
trary, being checked by. the Government
rangers.
AGAIN RUNS AWAY
BEMUSE SHE SOUGHT
HER MOTHER'S CARE
So*cia Dlrpatch to The Call.
SALINA?, Aus. 30. — Minnie
Hutchir.sot and "Hazel Castro, the
two little g.-is who ran away from
the ccnvc-nt Jn Sanla Cruz • and
walked tweny miles in the night
clothed only n their night dresses,
under Le circumstances. In.
jrr»od "'health.
Whrn the t«i Jittle tota were
brought to th!i city they were
taken to the hdue of a Mrs. Mc-
Cartny and cart' for. Later the
oldest child was tt:tcn to her moth
er. The little &-.tar-old girl was
left with Mrs. McCVtny. However,
she did not like ioV e domiciled at
the house of her IVnefactor any
better than at the Vonvont, and
finally eluded tho wichful eye of
Mrs. McCartny and Reaped. The
*jflicere were apprlsedV.f the fact,
and after some tinr> fou^d the girl.
Upon belr.c upbraided 1S to why
she rtn away the s< cood time, she
r«-plie<. that she wanted\h. r mother
and nc one else to care At her. To
day she was taken to ier mother
Jn Santa Itlta. \
\
Apply for Letters of Administration.
Special Dispatch to The Cal
SAX RAFAEL, Augr. 30.— Mrs. Ortency
Thomas, the widow of Engineer E. G.
Thomas, who was recently killed on the
Mount Tamalpal3 Railroad/to-day applied
for letters of administration on her hus
band's estate, consisting of stocks and
bonds, and valued at $5000.
Mrs. Rosalie Didier of Alameda has an
plied for letters of administration on the
estate of her sister. Louise Borelll. The
estate consists of real and personal prop
erty in this city valuer! at $10,500. Th*» de
ceased is the woman who committed sui
cide In Alasfieda a few days ago. j3he
left three minor children, to whom the es
tate will go.
ACCUSED OF FRAUD.
John A. Howard Charged With Il
legally Seeking to Collect a:'.'
Bounty.
VISALIA. Aug. 30.— John A. Howard of
Oakland 13 In jail 'n this city because
he cannot furnish a $3)00 bone!. A few
¦weeks ago. It Is allegr-1, he came to Tu
lare County bringing J2JK0 squirrel tails.
With an accomplice he attempted to col
lect bounty on them In this county. "
Democratic Delegates.
Special Dispatch to Tne Call
MONTEREY. Aur. SO.-The following
delegates -at larce have been chosen to
represent Monterey County at the coming
Democratic State Convention: J. J. Bev
an?, P. E. Znbala. B. V. Sargent. S. B.
Gordon. Salinas; L. B. Ulrey. A. WMe
mann, Gonz^les: R. F. Johnson. M. J. Mc-
Gowan. AVilllam Patton, Monterey.
Special Dlsratch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, Aug. 30.— The City an<I
County School Superintendents of the
State completed their work this morning
and adjourned at noon. This afternoon
they made the trip to Mount Hamilton
and this evening are enjoying a vision ol'
the heavens through the big telescope.
The- convention declared itself In favor
of free school books and a committee was
appointed to see that a suitable bill look
ing to that end should be presented in the
next Legislature, It also proposes plac
ing the normal schools under control of.
a board of regents similar to the State
University.
• The committee on compulsory education
reported in favor of a law compelling chil
dren to attend school.
3
/?$f$^^ Yes i °u r Remodeling Sale will close on Satur- /tPk ImllSw^
J1H : Wlm '¦11 day < a week from to-morrow. Until then you can MV^^^i Mlk
f\ ' lit! ™l ( fin UliliV buy clothes at the following big reductions. N ||T j I, ||ffi , j|| Jill |V
I! liil I Ill^^^ilifk During the week of celebration- we want to Jilj ; Iffl | j I ft
f i 3pivl[ [ Lifw|l_ C^H^^ s^^if^riV display new fall goods and expect 'to have the /|||j ; , j | lU I fj | Mj !jfu
W T mml? l \\ ill ff^^ sel1 what is left of some s P rin g and summer suits ffl |\ f ]|r I || nth Ij 8
f I *W at half Prices. You can't afford to miss this RJ|ffl|g4^ W | ill 1 If fllf/
( } i i \\\) KCcidy c i lciuc oUits rlclts ¥wf*tT^xp ' li M 'Mr-
fe M il'IVW (I Suits of all-wool cheviot in desir- A big assortment of derbys, fedo- \IJ \\\ \ -ffiffiSL f'| 1114^1^ ¦
ll Ur 5^ >Si?\4j J ab!e P atterns '*g° od » long-wearing ra s and graecos in the late shapes i M/ n^MfV Mr llSrt^
WnSliSfii <Mw material, sold formerly for $1.2 50; and Alors; $2 is the value, but our ftljjLfflJ I fill I lhl^Pft '
IP I ill/ \vl ]> 1 mer stock, must be cleared out to , f ... m . f f . nraA ¦ I |W ||l \ 111 ill*
\ ]\ «V| make room lor the fall goods, so have Golf shirts made of fast colored If 1 ' V 9
ft I II H cut th- prices from S? ko S8 and material, sizes from 14 to 17, former Hi , J \ I M
! If I 11™ $9 down to ¦ prices 50c and 75c, now reduced to 8 ! V II 1 1MR. AND MRS. CARL H. M. VERWOETT. ft
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Aug. 30.-
The influx of students and . professors is
rapidly increasing and the end of tho
week will have witnessed the: return of
most of the old students. Professor Frank
Ang#>ll of the psychology department has
returned'after a year's absence. Most of
his time was spent In Leipslc. where a
email Stanford cplony.was'located.-Pro
fessor E. E. Farmer* of the ; engineering
department has also returned after a year
spent in study^in Parif ;
Return to Stanford.
Special Dispatch to The, Call.
PRESCOTT, Ariz.. Aug. 3O.-At a mass
meeting of citizens held last night it was
unanimously voted to request the School
Trustees to call an election to vote on
t&Vv l8i ? lns of bonds to. the amount of
?•w.WO for theierection of. a new 1 school
bui ding; also they are petitioned to es
tablish a high school under the provisions
pf the Territorial law. The work of re
building the town is progressing rapidly.
Ihe Journal-Miner has already completed
a new brick building and started business
again with an entire new plant, and sev
eral other buildings are nearing comple
tion. All the new structures are of brick.
Issue Bonds.
Citizens Vote to Call an Election to
REBUILDING PRESCOTT.
t SANTA CRUZ, Aug. 30.-Postmaster
I-Incoln has prepared a synopsis of the
Dusiness done during the past year in the
local postofflee, which shows a remarkable
increase in business, although a now of
fice has been established at Se^bright
which takes away much business from
tills vilj*»
in 1900 there was received for stamns
and envelopes $14.385 79. an increase 5f
o.43 per cent. For box rents the increase
W ??r]'?n Per ce , nt ' The total receipts were
£ 4 u 9 ' 4 '!?' an int ' re «se of 5.22 per cent
Other data is as follows: V
Registered articles dispatched 197S, in
crease 24.24 per cent; articles received 23»4
ncreasejl. ? 6 per cent:- domestic orders
'""^o. increase 13.27; domestic orders
P«,f J 34 r 7 -, ln , crease 22; international orders
issued 5ol, Increase 42; international paid
Cr i e n aS . e: rec ?i ved 'or domestic orders
*<lG<0, increase 10 per cent; paid for do-
m f s «c orders $87,020 13, increase 20; re
ceived for. international orders $12 72* 48
& C /i e 7 a 7 Se , ftS - 91: pa n!, d -international orders
$226177. Increase 20.2. Total amount .re
ceived and paid $178,680 38, Increase 18 per
PROSPERITY SHOWN.
PostRl Receipts at Santa Cruz Have
Greatly Increased.
Sl>eclal Dispatch to The Call
Rescia was in bed with the burning
clothes wrapped around him, suffocated.
The baby had rolled from the bed to the
floor in its agony. The theory is that the
woman went downstairs to get a drink
of water and that the lamp exploded
VANCOUVER. B. C. Aug. 30.— A. Res
cia, wife and child were burned' to death
here this morning. Their two-story frame
house was discovered on fire about 3
o'clock, and as soon as the flames were
partly extinguished the firemen entered
and found the charred remains of Mrs.
Rescia on the lower floor.
Bodies of A. Rescia, His Wife and
Child Found in the Ruins of
Their Home.
THREE PERISH IN A
BURNING DWELLING
PUBLICLY HORSEWHIPS
HIS AGED RELATIVE
Frank Ailing of Tacoma Chastises ,
His Brother-in-Law in an
Illinois Hotel.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
ROCKFORD, 111., Aug. 30.— Frank Ail
ing, a fruit grower, residing near Tacoma,
Wash., publicly horsewhipped his brother
in-law, Philip Danky of this city, at the
Nelson Hotel this afternoon. Registering
under an assumed name Ailing sent a
note to Danky. When they met in the
rotunda of the hotel Ailing threw off his
coat, produced a whip and lashed Danky*
until the latter fell to the floor.
"I came 2000 miles to do this very thing,"
said Ailing, as he put on his coat, "and I
did it because he slandered my aged
mother, who lives with him."
Dartky Is a wealthy retired resident.
He says Ailing assaulted him because of
a dispute over an. estate left by Alling's
father, of which Mrs. Danky is admin
istratrix. The men have not seen each
other for twenty-five years and this is
Alling's first visit here since he left the
city forty-five years ago. Both are nearly
70 years of age. . &£££
GENERAL BULLER'S
COLUMN AT HELVETIA
HELVETIA, Aug. 30.— General Buller's
column has arrived here, where General
French and General Pole-Carew are also
encamped. ¦ Both Waterfallboven and
Watervalonder were found deserted, the
Boers having retreated with their grins
in the direction of Barberton. Command
ant General Botha has Issued a circular
letter ordering the burghers to return
their Mausers to the Government Mili
tary Commission until the later is able to
issue ammunition.' : ' ,
CONFIRMS MANY . ORPHANS.
Archhishop Biordan, Officiates at the
Ceremonies at San Rafael.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN RAFAEL, Aug. 30.— His Grace
Archbishop Rlordan to-day confirmed 187
boys at St. Vincent's Orphanage. He
was assisted by the Rev. Fathers Phelan
and Kennedy and Brother Theodorlus of
St Mary's -College and superior of the
Christian Brothers. - After the services
his Grace came to this city, where he was
entertained by the Rev. Fathers Egan
and Sullivan of this parish.
m
Freight Wreck on the S. P.
SANTA BARBARA, Aug. 30.— The Santa
Barbara division of the Southern * Pacific
Railroad' Is experiencing a chapter, of ac
cidents. Freight train No. 44, due to ar
rive in this city at 6 p. m.,was wrecked
Possible Link in Competing
Transcontinental
System.
VANCE RAILROAD
IS SOLD TO AN
EASTERN FIRM
Included in the Sale Is the Sawmill,
. One of the Oldest on the Coast. •
Property Capitalized at
Two Million.
The information contained in the above
dispatch still further clouds the situation
relative to the entrance to San Francisco
of a competing transcontinental railroad.
Kor nearly two years past it has been
known that the Yanderoilts, owning, the
controlling interest in the Union Pacilic,
were anxious to lind an entry into San
Francisco. When about a year ago it was
announced that the California North
western Railroad was about to extend its
line from Tiburon through L'kiah to Hum
boldt County it was assumed that a deal
had been arranged whereby the Union
Pacilic would extend its line from Ogden
ana connecting with the California
Northwestern thus gain entry to San
Francisco. At the same time that the
California Northwestern was extend
ing its lines the Vance people began the
construction of their roadbed, which in
Humboldt County parallels that under
rrocess of construction by representatives
of the California Northwestern Com
pany. It was Vance's hope to amalga
mate with a transcontinental line, and a
livelv war has been waged between the
two "short local lines, each being anxious
to Fell. Speculation now Is rife as to what
corporation the Hammond mentioned in
the dispatch represents. At all events it
would seem that this coast is one step
nearer the attainment of an active com
petitor to the Southern Pacific.
The John Vance Mill and Lumber Com
pany Is one of the oldest and largest red
wood lirms on the Pacific Coast and has
a largo foreign and domestic trade. The
Kureka and Klamath River Railroad,
in which the Vance estate is Interested,
was incorporated to run between the city
of Kureka ar.d Klamath River, a distance
of about seventy miles. Thirty miles of
the roud are already constructed and in
complete tunning /order, being fully
equipiied with rolling stock.
'l he properties win be owned by cor
porations incorporated under the laws of
the State of New Jersey, with -a capital
stock of $2,000,000.
EUREKA; Cal.. Aug. 00.— The properties
of the John Vance Mill and Lumber Com
pany and the Eureka and Klamath River
Railroad Company were to-day sold to A.
H. Hammond of Missoula, Mont.
Democratic Nominations.
PITTSBURG. Pa., Aug. 30— John F.Mil
ler of Pittsburg was nominated for Con
gress to-day by the Democratic conven
tion of the Twenty-second Congressional
District.
ST. IjOUIS. Aug. 30.— The Democrats of
the Tenth Missouri District to-day nomi
nated Lieutenant Governor A. H. Bolte
for Congress by acclamation.
Sugar Goes .Up.
NEW YORK. Aug. 30.— A1U grades of re
fined jiugar were advanced 5 cents a hun
drsd^goitnda tOKhijy
Albert H. Wiggin, Vice President of
the Park National Bank, Ap
proached by Representa
tives of the Gov
ernment.
NEW YORK. Aug. CO.— Albert H. Wig
gin, vice president of the National Park
Bank, said to-day that it was true that
the bank had been approached by repre
sentatives of the Swedish Government
with Inquiries as to the chance of placing
a $10,000,000 loan In this country. Mr. Wig
gin said he was not prepared to say yet
whether the proposition had been favora
bly received. The proposed loan Is in the
form of bonds bearing 4 per cent Interest
for the ilrst ten years and 3^ per cent for
another ten. It is unofficially stated that
the bonds will be offered at 9S and ac
crued interest. . ¦""¦.•¦¦ .
Theodore V. Mathews.
SANTA CRUZ. Aug. 30.— Theodore V.
Mathews, a native of Pittsburg, Pa., aged
M years, died last night. He came to this
City in 1873, and until November. 1882,
was deputy county cleik. At that time he
was elected on the Democratic ticket to
the ofllce of Countv Assessor, which of
flee he held until 1891. He then engaged
In real estate, and was in that business
until he retired from active life several
years ogo.
He leaves a wife and three children-
Mrs. O. L. Tuttle. Mrs. I-lllian Kvatzen
f?teln and T. V. Mathews Jr.
SWEDEN WISHES TO
PLACE A HEAVY LOAN
POSSIBILITIES
OF CHANGES IN
SUPREME COURT
Bryan if Elected May Have
the Choice of a
Majority.
Delegates Nominated.
•peels 1 r>*Fi>atch to The Call.
MONTF.REY..Aug. 30.— At a meeting of
the McKlnley and Roosevelt Club of this
rltj' held last night the following persons
were norp.inate'd for delegates from tids
<ity to the Republican County Convention
o be held in Salinas on September" 8: K.
ilichaelis, Thomas Allen. J. A. Smith, L.
A. Schaufele. A. R. Underwood, Grant
rowle. J Uchman, W. C. Brown and C.
%. Few.
BOISE. Idaho. Aug. 30.,— The executive
committees of the three silver parties are
«t ill at work without having aeoo'mpl.lshetl
tangible results. It Is said.' however," that
the prospect* for effecting a fusion have
improved since la et night. Charles'Mul
len." one of the Populist electors, is said
".o haveT>laced his resignation in the hands
¦*f the committee. He is. also a member
:f tbe executive eommjtte, and. : it is
Claimed, he has resigned from it. What
bearing this will have on the final result,
if any. Js not known. Om- of the Demo
cratic managers stated this evening that
nothing had been accomplished.
Nothing Accomplished.
NEVADA CITY. Aug. SO.— The Repub
lican County Convention heid here to
day war presided over by Shtrman Wj
Marsh. ¦ Resolutions were adopted In
dorsing the national and State administra
tions of the Republican party and com
mending. I'nittd States Senator George
C Perkins for his services. Frank \V.
Rutherford, editor of the Truckee Re
publican, was nominated for-Afsembly
man without contest. Supervisorial nomi
nations were made as -follows: First Dis
trict. J. M. liufllnston; Second District
D. K. Maite.son; Fifth District, D. Mc
°hetres.
Administration Indorsed.
San Bernardino Convention.
REDLANDS. Auj?. TO.— The Democratic
County Convention nominated Ralph E.
Pvi ing of San Hornardlno. for the Assem
bly in the Seventy-eighth District. VJen
jamin F. Blrdsoc of San Rernardlio Su
perior Judge: Supervisor First District
J. H. West. Needles; Third District. J. B.
Glover. Rertianiis; fifth District. F. M.
Kellar, San Uernardino. Nominations
were made by acclamation except for Su
perior Judge. For this office there was
quite ¦ contest, which first appeared in
the organization of the convention. The
Rntl-Bledxbe wing secured control bv six
votes in 22?, cast. The clerk being a Bled
«>e delegate, transferred tbe Chino vote
and st«j-" the chairmanship. It was. how
ever, restored in the i<ermanent organiza
tion. On the first ballot Bledsoe showed
the greatest strength. Byron Wafers and
J. Curtis coming prevented -his nomina
tion. ; •;-.-::.
ROGERS FACTION WINS.
Complete State Ticket Narn=.d by
Fusionists in Washington.
BEATTLEj Wash.. Aug. 30.— 1 no fusion
State convention completed its work at
noon to-day ar.d the lull ticket as nom
inated is as follows:
bov«-nor— John P.. Borers.
L.t«?ut»na»»t (iovernor-W. E. McOroskey.
jLonsrej'hrr.an. »p<1 si<ie — -T. T. ItonaM.
Quill nlliiiTI «-art side— F. C. Kobertson.
5=upr«>me Juilges-E. C. Million and Uichanl
(Vtasor.
Secretary "t Ftate— -Tame* A. Brady.
TBtate Auditor— 1-. J. Silverthurn.
-Plate Treasurer— W. IS. Runner.
'Attorney . General— Tfcomas M. Vance.
•Stite liand Commissioner— <). Ft. Holromb.
iHiate fujw-rtntenuent of Schools-— Frank J.
lirowne. ' ¦
:-Pref=i<lential Electors— Georee F. CotterM. N.
tj. Iilalt.ck. F. J. Iteeves and J. O. Heim.
¦The Rogers-Turner programme was car
ifjed out. though a few concessions wore
made to the minority; There was one slip
i-tl the programme and that is the whuio
topic -of " discussion to-night. Robert
Bridges and other enemies of Governor
Hi'Kirs pn'p:ired <lurinc the morning
& set of resolution* eiHidpmnlng- the pres
ent political methods nllrged to be in use.
among the fuslonists of the State. Th<>
resolution? condemn the use of money,
»he petting: up of political machines, etc.
?The pole object of the rtsolutinns are said
to be to score Senator Turner and Gov
ernor Rogers. The resolutions were in
troduced shortly, before the close of ihe
mornirp session and were hurriedly
passed before the R«.»gf rs-Turner crowd
appreciated thrlr real rreaninsr. The mat
ter has created a profound sensation, as it
pinces the convention i:i a position of. con
('.•¦•irnirc its own work.
At the nr-rtinjf of th« new Democratic
Committee Henry Dnirr.m of Spokane was
elected chairman and Senator Turner
Irr-ncnrpp
McKinloy-, may have the appointment of
B majority of the members of the court,
and should this opportunity fall to Bryan
there is reason to believe that he would
select m^ji of the most oxtreme views.
ivho could Jx- counted upon to sustain all
of the populistic ideas for which Bryan
itan-is. including a graduated income tax.
The Supreme Court consists of a Chief
Juptire and eight Associate Justices. Un
der the law ttie member! uf the court are
appointed for life, but they can retire of
iheir own rolitloa after reaching the age
of TO years or afi»r having served for tea
years. One member of the court, Asso
ciate Justice Gray, is now 7J years of age
end can retire at any time.. Associate
Justice Shlras k fc and will be eligible
lor retirement at any time alter January
l<\ 1302. Chief. Justice Fuller is C7 and can
ictire at any tune after February ll, U»o3.
Associate- Justice llanan la C7 and can re
tire at any time after June, r.«J3. Tnese
<iates are those on \ynicii members of tne
court could retire for age. Members of
the court who, if they so elect, can retire
alter ten years' service before the expira
tion of tne nex.t Presidential term are
Chief Justk-e Kuller and Associate Jus
tices Harlan, Gray, Brewer, Brown, Shires
and White.
It will be seen that there are seven pos
sible retirement?-: in view before Bryan
would get out of office If he should be
elected. As a rule, however, members of
the court continue to yerve some years
after reaching the age of permisslb.e re
tirement -and it is hardly probable that
a.11 of those wh'i will reaeli 70 years of
age Uuring t)i^ next four years will re
tire. W'luen the probabilities of death are
taken into consideration, however, it will
Ik? seen that it is not impossible that the
iiext President may have tlie appointment
of a majoritv of the members of the
court. Records show thai vacancies In
the court often occur in quick succession.
Thus President Lincoln had the appolnt
ment of one Chief Justice and four Asso
ciate. Justices; President Johnson had.no
appointments; President Qtant in his two
term? appointed a Chief Justice and four
Associate Justices: President Hayes ap
iKrtnted two Associate Justices; President
Oarfield one Associate Justice: President
\rthur two Associate Justices; President
Cleveland-; in his nrst term, a Chief Jus
tice and one Associate Justice: President
Harrison four Associate Justices; Presi
dent Cleveland, in his second term, two
Associate Justices, and President McKin
ky one Associate Justice. It is notice
able that since President Harrison's ad
ministration there have boen but three
appointments, and If the law of averages
is to be followed it would seem to be
rrobable that at least four vacancies
would occur during the next Presidential
term, enoujrh to give Mr. Bryan, if
elected, within one of a majority of the
court.
This Condition of Affairs Cause3
Anxiety Among Conservative
Men Who Oppose His
Radical Views.
S»ecfal I3Ii>r>atch to The Call.
WASHINGTON. Aug. 3O.-There is sub
stantial provsnd fnr the lear of former
Senator Kdmur.ds that Hryan. If elected
President, mlsrin Bryanlze the Supreme
Court of the I'nltod S;atcs.
It is not Impossible that the next Presi
dent €>f iho Initr-d States, be it Bryan or
NEW PLACER FOUND.
of the Stewart.
Special Dispatch to The Tall.
Hich Discovery Reported at the Head
VICTORIA, B. C, Aug. 30. -News was
brought by the steamer Mischief, which
arrived to-day, of the new placer strike at
the head of Stewart River. The news of
the llnd was taken to Dawson by a man
named Weiser lrom Barlow City, at the
junction of the McQuesten and Stewart.
He would not talk to the reporters at
Dawson, but told a friend that the strike
was made by two French-Canadians on
Dornlx Creek.
Th« Frenchmt n sunk a shaft to bedrock
and pot $1 50 to the pan. They did not do
any drifting, but hastened away to record.
What few miners there were in the new
district rushed to the. "creek and secured
claims, finding prospects, so Weiser said,
equally as good as the discoverers had
received.
The news soon percolated through the
usual channels down to the mouth of the
McQuosten ani caused considerable ex
citement. Dornix Creek is a newly named
stream which tlows into the McQuesten
about sixty-five miles below Barlow City.
A stampede had begun to the new district,
which was said to be of considerable
txtent and of great richness.
TRAIN WRECK.
Oil Cars Piled Up, but Fortunately
No One Is Hurt.
SANTA BARBARA, Aug. 30.-A wreck
occurred this evening at 5:50 on the Santa
Barbara branch of the Southern Pacilic
Railroad. A freight train which: is due
in this city early in the evening from Los
Angeles, had proceeded as far as Carpen
teria when a Journal in one of the for
ward, cars gave way. Six box and oil
cars were demolished and the track was
torn up for about ten rail lengths. Though
no one was injured, the damage will be
considerable. It is doubtful if the wreck
will be entirely cleared away before late
to-morrow. • •
SAN FRANCISCO CHOSEN BY
KNIGHTS FOR NEXT SESSION
Election of Officers Results in the
Selection of T. R. Bangs as
Supreme Chancellor.
DETROIT, Aug. 30.— Ogden H. Fethers
of Janesville, Wis., was to-day elected
supreme* chancellor of the Knights of
Pythias. Mr. Fethers had previously
served as supreme vice chancellor, and his
promotion to be the head of the order was
in accordance with previous customs as
regards the highest office in Pythianism.
His opponent was the present supreme
chancellor, Thomas G. Sample of Alle
gheny, Pa. The other officers chosen were:
Supreme vice chancellor— T. R. Bangs, Grand
Forko, N. D. , ¦";
Supreme keeper of records and seals— R. L.
C. White. Nashville, Tenn. . •_
Supreme prelate— C. F. Easley. Santa Fe.
"- Supreme master of the exchequer— Thomas D.
Mi-ars. Wilmington. N. C.
Supreme master at arms— William Simmons,
Wilmington. Del. • ' • • _
Inner guard— J. F. Bean. Portland, Me.
Outer guard— Thomas Thompson, Washing
ton, DC,
INTERESTS THE COAST.
A* president of the board of control of
the supreme body is to be elected to-mor-
Sa'n Francisco was chosen for the next
biennial gathering by' a unanimous vote.
The time of the meeting was fixed as the
second week in August.
The prize drills of companies of the uni
formed rank proceeded to-day, according
to schedule.
Postofflee Changes and List of Pen-
sions Granted.
Special rMspatch to The Call.
"WASHINGTON, Aug. 30.— A postofflee
has been established at Nashton, Tu
olumne County, and John P. Nosh ap
pointed Postmaster.
Postmasters commissioned— California —
William P. McCommas, Beverly; Uhrls
topner A.Hundt. Rector.
Washington— Frank M. Acke,rly, Sapho;
John M. -Cowan, Tntoosh.
Rural free delivery will be established
September 15 at Dos Palos, Merced Coun
ty Cal. The postofflee at Elgin will be
discontinued on that date. Mail should
be sent to Dos PaloB. ¦ :-j-
Punslons : Issued: California— Original-
Alfred P. Merritt, Visalia, |6; George
Malcomb, Woodland. $6; Thomas Kelly,
Soldiers' Home, Los Angeles. $12; Charles
Kuhlmann. Bodie. $8: Albert Henry Ap
plegatc Etnp Mills, $6. Increase — Sam
uel .Wilder. Oakland, J12;Henry S. King,
San Francisco, j $8.
Oregon— War with Spain— Original-
Frank H. Thompson. Brownsville, $17.
Washington— Original— Truman M. Lam
phere, Chewelah, $6; William A. Ray. Mid
land, $8. Additional— Horace A. Gregory,
Hartford. $8. Increase — Samuel Hice, Ta
coma, $12. - ; ..¦•¦¦¦; '. .-. '."
PHOENIX, Arts., /Aug. 30.— William O'Brien,
repairer of chutes in the United Verde mine at
Jerome, fell sixty I eet down the chute and was
killed Instantly. . ¦-,. ¦ ;_.; ¦»
KANSAS CITY, Aug. 3O.-In an address
to-day to members of the Reorganized
Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day
Saints Joseph Smith, president of the
church, and son of Joseph Smith,' its
founder, defined the church's attitude
toward polygamy. The occasion was the
meeting of the Saints at their annual re
unlon at Washington Tark.
Joseph Smith stated In the most em
phatic worrls that the Latter-day Saints
didi'not believe In polygamy; that they
never had believed in it; that their
founder, Joseph Smith, had so stated
again and again in unmistakable words..
President Smith said:
In the doctrine and covenants of Joseph
Smith, published first in 1S35, and published
a k»1 n and again after that, plural marriage Is
forbidden. The covenants are unmistakable.
Xo one of us at that time ever thought of plu
ral marriage until Joseph Smith, founder of
the church, died. Then a few years later that
branch of the church which had gone to Utah
proclaimed Its belief, ' through revelation, in
plural marriage. The doctrine and covenants
were published In Utah with that section elim
inated which forbade plural marriage. The
section forbidding plural marriage is contained
in every edition until the Utah church pub
lished its own edition.
We latter-day Paints are heart and aoul op
posed to plural marriage. We believe that big
amy forms no part of the teachings of our
church. My father has been dead fifty-six
years. I have consistently followed my father's
teachings.
I am here the representative of the Reor
ganized Church of Latter-day Salntp. I am
also here as the son of tny father. I am try
ing to follow out the doctrines of my church
and to rescue my father's name from obloquy.
My father was not a law-breaker, neither was
he a polyfjamlst. It- is for me to say this, that
the American people may not injure the church
and do my father a wrong:.
Views of the Founder of the Latter
Day Saints Expounded at the
Washington Park
Convention.
Preached by His
Father.
Says the Custom Was Never
JOSEPH SMITH
OF POLYGAMY
LITTLE GIRL STOPS
RUNAWAY TEAM AND
SAVES SISTER'S LIFE
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SALINAS. Aug. 30—Llttle Annie
Hanson, the daughter of H. Han
sen, is the heroine of a runaway
accident in which, had it not been
for her extreme presence of mind,
a dire calamity would have prob
ably resulted."
Six little children were riding in a
wagon, the little Hanson boy act
ing as driver. All went well until
the schoolhouse was reached and
the children were alighting. Just
as the youngest Hansen girl - was
stepping out the team became frac
tious and started to run. The lit
tle child fell forward, becoming
entangled in the reins and the run
ning gear of the vehicle. The youth
ful driver was thus deprived of
any means with which to stop the
animals and they started to run.
Annie Hansen, who had already
alighted, was ahead of the team.
Quickly taking In the situation, the
child sprang in front of the ani
mals' heads and succeeded in catch
ing their bridles. She was dragged
some distance, but bravely held on
uiti managed,- to stop the team.
Annie was not seriously Injured,
but her little sister was by no
means so fortunate, although just
how serious cannot be determined
yet.
near Carpinteria. fourteen miles east of
this city, at 5:30 o'clock to-night. The
freight had Just passed Carpinteria when
a jourcal on one of the forward cars
broke, derailing and wrecking six box and
Oil cars. The track for a distance of
about ten rail lengths was badly torn
up. Luckily no one was injured.
South Carolina Election.
COLUMBIA, S. C. Aug. 3n.-On the re
turns from about 78,000 votes, and with
4W> or 5W0 to hear from.- Governor Jfc-
Sweeny leads In the race for Governor by.
about 3<V)0 votes over Colonel James £.
Hoyt, the Prohibition candidate. - ..
Detroit's Population
WASHINGTON. Aujt. 30.— The Census
Bureau announces that the population tr'
Detroit, :Mlch-, is 2S5.704, as against 203.S7S
In 1S0O. Thia Is an increase of 75,S2S, or
23.77 per cent. ' . • V •*••¦¦
COLLECTOR JACKSON has fur
nished to the Treasury Department
at Washington a history of the old
Custom-house at Monterey, which
has been leased by the Government to the
Native Sons of the Golden West for five
jears at $1 per year. The follcrwing is the
Collector's contribution to history:
The foundations of this historic building were
laid by direction of the Government of Spain
about 1S16, and Its construction was continued
by that Government until the revolt of Mexico,
when operations for a time entirely ceased.
After the independence of Mexico the work
of construction was recommenced by that Gov
ernment In 1S24 and continued with more or
less vlpor until the American occupation In
IMS. During this rerind the towers at the.
extreme ends of the building were so far com
pleted as to become ready for occupation by
the Mexican officials."
When Colonel John C. Fremont commanded
Ished.and since that time and for ten yea-s
previously the building and Krounils have be€-n
under the care of a custodian appointed for
that purpose by the several collectors , at San
Francisco. • , ' ;' : ..• .' ¦•
No .appropriations have been made.-bj the
Government for the use of the old-.bui'fji::;
Bince ISS!». and it now has a BomewTia-c .cti^ij!-
idatcd appearance.
When Colonel Jackson assumed, his du
ties as Collector of this port he. continued
Thomas G. Lambert as custodian of the
historic pll*». Lambert has now.comple.tetl
a service of thirty-one- years in that posi
tion. . :••• ;
Now that the Native Sons have, posses
sion of the old building, they wiif makn
an effort to have an appropriation pro
vided by the legislature to maintain, a
keeper at the Custom-house, as has'befcn
done in the case of the old Sutter Fort in
Sacramento.
the bear flag forces he made the oleS bulldlnz
his official headquarters.
The crowning historical Klory of the old
structure occurred on th* 7th of July. 1MH.
On that date Commodore J. D. Sloat of the
Lnlted States frigate Savannah landed 2'0
marines and sailors, hauled down the Mexican
flag and hoisted theKtars and Stripes, takltiar
possession at the eountry in the name of th-
Lnited Mate* Government. This flap was the
hrst ever hoisted by authority of the Uniud
h ates within the territorial limits of Califor
nia. The staff upon which this fUs was
hoisted etlll remains in its ordinal ration.
At this time tb- bulMln* wan still unflnish.-d
and the United States Government forthwith
completed the work which was the continuous
labors of threo governments. Spain. Mexico
end the United Ptates.
Following the American occupation a euctomj
district was established, which was continued
up to 1SB1. when It was merged into the Han
Francisco district, leaving only an inspector.
Since 1S79 the inspectorship has been abol-
HANPORD, Aug. 30.— Carel H. M. Ver
woert and Miss Alfrcda Douglass
were married here to-day at the
residence of the bride's parents.
Miss Douglass is a beautiful, accom
plished young lady, who has been known
here for years in an educational way. She
was a student at the University ot Cali
fornia last year and made many friends
while at Berkeley.
Mr. Verwoert has been engaged in busi
ness in Hanford and recently in Sonoma
County. Owing to the death of the father
of Mr. Verwoert in The Hague he has
been called there to settle the estate.
The young couple will start on their
wedding tour tn-night. After a stay of
several months in Kurope they will return
to California and take up their perma
nent residence.
MISS DEL VALLE ENGAGED.
?pria! I>iFpnt<"h to The Call.
IX)S ANGELES. Aug. 3(1.— The engage-
ment was announced this afternoon of
Miss Ellen Cay stile Del Valle, eldest
daughter of Senator and Mrs. R. F. Del
Valle, and Spencer Willis Warregang of
Aberdeen, S. O.
The marriage will take place at the
home of Senator Del Valle, 3004 Figueroa
street, on Thursday evening, September 6.
The ceremony will be performed by Rev.
15. W. R. Taylor, rector of St. John's
Kpiscopal Church. Invitations have been
sent- out numbering several hundred, and
include all the prominent persons in this
State and South Dakota.
Miss Del Valle Is one of I^os Angeles'
charming society belles, having a host of
friends throughout the State. She is
highly cultured and of a very pleasing dis
position.
Mr. Warregang is a wealthy real estate
dealer in Aberdeen, and met 'the young
lady about six months ago during a visit
to this city. The young couple have been
engaged for several weeks. The couple
will make an extended wedding trip
throughout the West and will be at home
in Aberdeen the 1st of November.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
ONE OF CALIFORNIA'S HISTORIC LANDMARKS.
Special r>i!>r>atch to The Call.
SAN RAFAEL. Aug. 30.— An affecting
scene took place, in the County Jail here
this morning when Mrs. King was admit
ted into the presence of her husband. The
strain was too heavy and both gave way.
Mrs. King was notified last night of her
husband's capture. She was stopping: at
the Burgess place, near Skagps Springs,
and was preparing to go to her folks in
Humboldt County at the time. She ar
rived here on an early train this morning
and went to the Sheriff's office. Later
she was taken down stairs. She showed
considerable Emotion when the heavy
keys turned the lock of her husband s
cell, and as the wicketed door clanged
open she shuddered and drooped her hc-ad.
Her husband rushed outside and she fell
into his arms. Both were overcome and
wept freely.
King led his faithful wife into his cell
and, locked In each othetfs arms, they
conversed privately for sorne time. King
seemed a new mail after seeing his wife.
Her presence undoubtedly did much to
revive him. The only conversation be
tween King and his wife that was-sig
nificant was when Kins said: "Why didn't
you meet me at the appointed place?" To
this she replied: "I was too closely
watched all the time." ,
When interviewed Mrs. Klnp refused to
talk of the case except through Attorneys
Lennon & Hawkins. She spoke feelingly
of the hard battle they had had. in their
six years of, married life, of King's affec
tion of the lung's and of the little ranch
in the mountains where he had regained
his health. The ranch and all they own
will now be sold to meet the expense? of
the coming trial. When asked about the
capture she said:
"I am siart It is over. What I have suf
fered in the last six weeks rannot be told,
I do rot worry now. When the true stor>
is told I have no fear of the outcome.
We will s-ell our home. I have already
sold the horses. I shall remain here for
the trial, which I trust will not be de
layed."
Mrs. King is a quiet little woman, rather
stout, a brunette; and the possessor of
lieht-blue eyes. She has taken a room In
the hotel near the courthouse, where she
will be a frequent visitor. In the after
noon lira. King carried feme fruit to the
jail and spent several hours at the offices
of her attorneys. • The date of arraign
ment has been set for Saturday next, and
the preliminary examination has been
changed to the following Saturday.
Prisoner as Well Is* Unable to Re
strain His Emotions and He
Too Weeps Co
piously.
Mrs. King Is Overcome at
the County Jail in
San Rafael
BREAKS DOWN
UPON VISITING
HER HUSBAND
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, AUGUST 31, 1900.
OLD CUSTOM-HOUSE AT MONTEREY
IS LEASED TO THE NATIVE SONS
ONE GIRL MARRIED;
ANOTHER ENGAGED
4
ADVERTISEMENTS.
j-^ FAVORITE
JL FQft WEAK WOMEN. •
LADD'S GUN STORE,
rffjw^^' 421 Kearny street. S. F., for
SK^. Fishing Tackle and Sporting
Goods. The largest stock on
the Pacific Coa«t of every description. Send ]
cents In postage stamps for tba latest 9d-p«cs
Illustrated catalogue, .No. 4
" Lucke is selling out."
© © .
Lucke's shoes
low prices
At the opening of this sale the broken lots — \
those upon which the greatest reductions had been
made— went first, of course.
Those lots are now almost sold out, and the
following reductions are quoted upon the finest
shoes in the stock — and Lucke's stock contained
some of the finest made. If you have teen buying
medium priced shoes, you can get the best here for .
the same price. If you have been buying the best, ;
you can get them now at a medium price. In
either case you save money— and save lots of it—
at Lucke's. I
Ladies' flen's :
Ladies' Tan Oxfords with Men's Tan Vici and. Calf
French heels; Laird, Schober Shoes, gooJ stylish toes, thii ; i
& Co. 's make among them, season's makes; sold before '
sold formerly $3.50 to as at $5.00, now at '. :j.
high as $5 a pair; every pair ". ' ;'.
now reduced to 3*3*15 ¦ •.. -i. .'. .
$ J # 85 Also a few Congress Gait*;
ers in Tan Vici among the f
Three dollars and fifteen above at the same price. .1
cents is a prettv big saving ., , T ~ •.. " .'¦,
to make on one pair of shoes .. Men s . . T « ?,° ub t le \ S ° !ed
v - Shoes, lined with . leather? .
splendid shoes for the com-
Ladies' Cloth and Kid Top »ng fall, as they are this .
Lace Shoes, extension soles, season's goods, sold previous-
French heels, sold formerly ly at $4.00. now
for $6.50, now cut to $2.8^
3>4'15 Ever wear double -soled
While S4.15 seems like a p OeS £ nd , , SeG COmf ° ft
large price, remember these they aff ° rd ? - . '
are stylish $6. 50 shoes. Men's White Canvas Ox-
1 ! fords and Lace Shoes, fine
1 j- » \xn--t rs n quality, best of workman-
Ladies' White Canvas Ox- %- y ' rice of the shoes was
fords, good stylish shoes, but £300 now
broken in lots, reduced from ' <r. o*. /• '
$1. 50 and S2.ooto 51.05
qq£ # Good shoes to wear during
" " the coming celebration,/?spe"
It is quite likely that you ciallv if you intend ta'go in
can find your size. the parade. j •
These shoes will be carefully fitted by ext/rienced
salesmen. / •
Orders from the interior filleJ. Address Department C.
Mi ¦ ¦ C^ w£ ' £^ C^ / ¦
a 1*41 \&* JB.^k. t^ j -•'.*•
/
832 Market St.Lady Golf Champion.
SOUTHAMPTON. N. Y.. Aug. 3O.-The
great event to-day in the women's na
tional championship, which is being de
cided upon the links of the Shinnecock
Hills Golf Club; was. the contest between
Miss Beatrix Hoyt and Mrs. Caleb F.
Fox, the woman who put Miss Hoyt out
last year in • the women's championship
at Philadelphia. It was a grand exhibition
of skill, Miss Hoyt proving the victor.
CASUALTY LIST FROM
CHAFFEE'S COMMAND
WASHINGTON. Aug. 30.— The War
Department this morning received the fol
lowing casualty 'list from General Chaf
fee: '
"TIENTSIN. Aug. 27.— Adjutant .Gen
eral. Washington: Following casualties
occurred August 24: Private Tillet M. An
derson. Company M, Fourteenth Infan
try, died from effects of shrapnel wound;
William H. Waldron, second lieutenant.
Ninth, Infantry, wounded In hand;, slight.
"CHAFFEE."
Although 'this dispatch is signed by
General Chaffee, it isnot thought at the
War Department that It was sent by. him.
EMPEROR WILLIAM WILL
PROTECT YANGTSE VAIXEY
BERLIN, Aug. 30.^-In response to an
appeal ; from tho Germans in Hankow,
Emperor William wired the German Con
sul : to-day as follows: "Tell the German*
trading. 'community, in answer to itheir
telegram, vthat- protection for the „Yang
tse Valley will -be provided on the arrival
of nine -"warships now on' the ; way " to
China." ' . ,
BRITISH MARINES
TO BE LANDED AT AMOY
HONGKONG, .Aug. 30. — The British
cruiser Isls will land sixty marines at the
British concession in Amoy to-day. The
transport Formosa will proceed to Taku,
though General Gaselee. commanden of
the British forces at Peking, wires that he
does not require any more troops except
cavalry.
LONDON. Aug. 31.— There Is a groat
panic in Amoy, according to the Hong
kong corresoondent: of the Dally Mail,
wiring yesterday, owing to the landing of
the Japanese. The Chinese are leaving
and thieves are looting indiscriminately.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 30.— A telegram
has been received at the Japanese lega
tion to the effect that having been in
formed by the Japanese Consul at Amoy
that he has been assured by the Chinese
authorities of their readiness to afford
full protection, to * the foreign residents
and their property at that port, the Jap
anese Government has already ordered
the withdrawal of- marines, detailed to
protect the Japanese, property in the na
tive town, and Is prepared * to withdraw
the rest of the marines as soon as it is
satisfied 'that the peace and order of the
port are assured. .
GERMANVIEW OF . .
RUSSIAN- AMERICAN MOVE
BERLIN, Aug. 30.— To-day's papers re-
print a London dispatch from " Washing
ton, saying: that the United States Gov
ernment addressed . a circular letter to
the powers August 24 regarding their fu
ture; policy, in China, and. also that all
the 'powers answered 1 that, they -could see
no reason for changing their present polr
icy, ' but were -' unable to discuss future
plans until full reports had. been received
from their "diplomatic representatives re
garding'the - political situation. A high
official of. the ; German >« Foreign ]' Office,
whose attention was called to the dis
patch,: said 'this statement was not cor
rect ¦ In ; the • form in which it appeared.
RUSSIA'S ARMY MOVING ¦
RAPIDLY ON TSITSIHAR
ST. PETERSBURG, Aug. 30.—Dis
patches received here under to-day's date
report that General Rennenkamp's flying
column is pushing rapidly toward Tsitsl
har. The telegraph is working from Ai
gun to Mergen. The Russian losses dur
ing the advance were three officers and
twenty-two men killed and five officers
and seventy-four men wounded.
UNCLE SAM IS TAKING A HAND
IN CHINESE GAME WITH RUSSIA
Notification to the. Powers That Li Hung
Chang. Must Be- Recognized as
v Peace Plenipotentiary.
"rar \r WASHINGTON. Aug. 3O.-Uncle Sam has decided- to take a liand in the Chinese game with Russia, and
*& fih M the powers notice that this country deems 1t advisable that Li Hung Char.g be accented as
: W* /« /•• chlna ' 6 P^" Plenipotentiary. In accordance with this view the following telegram has been sent to
• ¥«/ V/ the representatives of the United States in Berlin, Vienna, Paris. London, Rome. Toklo and St Peters
j •- .«r ¥/ burg: - . •
» "Department of State. Washington, Aug. 24, 1900.— The following note was received by us from the
Charge of the Russian Government at this capital August 27: '
; . " 'I hav< just received a = communication fro.m the Imperial Government informing me of the resolution of admirals
pi the allied i^ts interdicting the plenipotentiary of the Chinese Government, Li Hung Chang, from all communication
jw.th tho Cliin.se authorities in the event ofhis arrival at Taku.
I "'This re^iution being inexplicable in view of the fact that all powers have recognized the utility of admitting
his (Li Huns Ch ng\s) services in the eventual negotiations for peace and especially because it would be* impossible for
Jiim to fulfill his aiissioii in the rapacity of plenipotentiary if this were done, it 'would be desirable that the interested
£jovernmf*nts :- !.••>;,<! gjve orders to countermand the above mentioned decision.' . • /
"Inquiry of Vdinfral Remey, commending our fleet at Taku, was first answered that no such resolution had been
adopted. 1 He noWUablea that the admirals have cgrecd to write the dean of the legations at Peking instructing in case
|Li Hung Chang fihvjld arrive at Taku and- meantime not to allow him to communicate with Chinese shore authorities
jRtmey -dissented tt-m the last proposition. ...
~'~~ "We take the Ue view expressed In' the Russian note.' In Interests of peace and effective presentation of Just de
inands of all pov.ers\ 1sl j nsl . china, it seems important that the Chinese plenipotentiary should be able to communicate
Jxrth with his. own Government and its military commandants, whose action will be necessary to any suspension of hos-
Jtllilics as require j in*«i e grani to you of the 22d. Chinese Minister here , is without power or advices. Li Hung Chang
?6 priina facie euthorijr-d by imperial decree to negrotiate and is the' only representative of responsible authority in
jChHia so far as v< cr^ advised. We have instructed our representatives in China in spirit of Russian note. '
..'• "Any niis>undtrstun<<.ins or divergent action on the subject by the representatives of the powers in China would be
unfortunate and we ykw\$ be glad to- learn from other powers if 'there are reasons not known to us which in » their
judgment should i cad to a.' view different from that which we take. -
*. -You • win eommuilcate this to .Minister of . Foreign Affairs, awaiting early response. •
\ • • MfTOWJBII - "ADEE, Acting Secretary."
passage over, all the deaths* being due to
dysentery: '
George "\V. BagKerly. H, 42d Infantry. Au-
Kust 7" Thomas , B. Drummond, A, 39th In
fantry, Aucust 8; Moses R. Baxter, D. 30th In
fantry August 8; Edward A. Shellhouse, K.
21st Infantry, August 13; Henry Purcell, K, 17th
Infantry. August. 21; Eugene Land. C, 39th
Infantry, August 24; Corporal Frank T. Streck
er. Battery E, 1st Artillery. August 26.
Prlsoners-J. A. Mackey, E. 4th Cavalry; H.
C Butler, L. 3d Artillery: Eddie French. C.
6th Artillery; W. Schonette, D. 6th Artillery;
Fred Hardy. B. 6th Infantry; T. Raymond. E.
Cth Infantry; John Kane. I, 6th Infantry; G.
W Chlttenden and L. Smith, M. 6th Infantry:
W J Crlsette. K. 13th Infantry; J. J. Mul
len M. Schultz and C. E. Brown, L. ISth In
fantry W; S.' Deaton. G. W. Davis and J. H.
Dunbar, M. 18th.- Infantry; J- R- Galvln. K.
ISth Infantry: T. Machette and B. N. Miller,
M. ISth Infantry; W. Robison. D. ISth In
fantry: C. O'Bryne. K, 19th Infantry; J. W.
Monaghan. A. 21st Infantry; M. J. McLaugh
lin D 21st Infantry; W. Rochette, I, 23d In
fantry; J. Cannell. A. Field. Bruce Sage, John
Kelly and D. Pylea. K. 23d Infantry: C. J. Hil
ton and E. W. Patrick, M. 23d Infantry: B. L.
Price F, 36th Infantry; Frank Smith, C, 37th
Infantry: Henry Vance, L, 37th Infantry;' T.
H Austin, I. 42d Infantry: John Harris. E. 43d
Infantry; Brock Comb, John Kelly, William
Kelly and T.- H. Ward. E, 44th Infantry: J-
A. Callahan, E, 43th Infantry.
WOUNDED HEROES
FROM TIENTSIN
Continued From First Page.
MILWAUKEE, Wis.. Aug. 30.— The fifth
annual convention of the National Asso
ciation of Local Fire Insurance Agents
convened here to-day. In the absence of
Mayor Rose, Corporation Counsel Gen
eral J. B. Doe delivered, the address of
welcome. Thomas H. Geer of Cleveland
responded. ;'^...?
E. W. Wilson of Utah introduced a reso
lution that:
The National Association request of the presi
dents'of each State a complete list of all flre
companies offering: or writing business at cut
rates, the list to be furnished on the flrat days
of October. January. April and July of each
year, and that the same be published and sent
to all ' members.
President "Woodworth then delivered his
annual address. Among his recommen
dations were the following:
A conference with the . Association of
Insurance Commissioners, offering them
co-operation and . assistance In securing
uniform and equitable legislation; means
for securing a better observance of the
law against overhead writing; the mate
rial restriction of brokerage; the taking
of advance ground in the matter of sole
agencies.
Secretary -Treasurer Frank Holmes" of
Chicago then made his annual report. He
recommended a new constitution and
platform of principles.
On account of the absence of Chairman
Jackson of the grievance committee, the
report of that committee was read by
Thomas H. Geer of Cleveland. The re
port showed a large increase in the num
ber of complaints filed, and indicated the
desire on the part of the company man
agers to assist In redressing wrongs done
agents. The report called attention to the
value of State associations in adjusting
local differences. A recess was then taken
until afternoon.
The business of the afternoon session
was 'principally . the reading of reports of
the committees on organization and legis
lation.
H. R. Pinkham, chairman of the com
mittee on State organization, submitted
its report. He said -that at the Buffalo
meeting in 1899 thirty-six States were rep
resented, but now of the fifty States and
Territories, -all -are organized except
Myer Cohen, chairman of the • commit
tee on legislation, presented its report
He called attention to the need of legis
lation favorable to insurance interests.
Chairman of Organization Committee
Reports That but Twelve States
Are Not Now Bep
• resented.
Secretary - Treasurer * Asks
for Adoption of • a New
, Constitution.
ASSOCIATION OF
INSURANCE MEN
IN SESSION
<=ipHE Rev, Father William D. McKin
non is among those who came home
][ on sick leave aboard the United
States transport Thomas. When he
\ boarded the vessel he was suffering from
, an abscess of the liver, but luckily the
i abscess broke when the ship was a few
| days on her way out. Ever since Father
McKinnon has been recovering. For the
last week or so he has l>oen gaining in
fit sh a pound a day. and now considers
' himself as well as ever.
Father McKinnon was the hero of the
attack upon Manila. He went to the Phil
ippines as the «-haplain of the First Cali
fornia Reglmc-nt. and when the walled
city was under fire he offered to carry a
message of peace to the Archbishop of
the city. Under a rain of rifle fire he
walked along the beach and made a suc
cessful entrance into Manila.
When the Californians came home
Father McKinnon came home with them,
and later was appointed a chap?aln in the
regular army by President McKinley. He
is now home on a two months' sick leave,
but is so much improved in health that he
will get back to his charge as quickly as
possible.
Trouble Occurs in the Great Slave
Lake District and a Seattle
: Man Is Shot
'TJJWINXIPEG, Man.. Aug. SO.— A half
"trr-ed named Couillad has just brought
w<-r.l of s=*-rior:s trouble in the Great Slave
take district, ¦¦vhere the American and
: Canadian traders have h3d a light over
the trade with the Indians.
[The American*, it mas charged, had
sinugglpd large quantities of supplies in.
r,rid wire thus enabled to undersell tht
Canadians. T:ic-y also furnished whisky
It) the Indians. The Edmonton traders.
GTfw furious at losSne their trade and a
ri=jht er.sut"!. Shooting became general. •
arid the Indian?, siding with the Am^ri
citns, joined in. Finally the Americans,
¦vi'ho numbered about fiftfen, fled to the
timber. Ore of them. August Briese. said
t«r> bail fr'im Seattle, was shot qnd fatally
injured, and several of his companions
viere less seriously hart.
[Mounted polk i' have been sent to the
Ep« r.f-. It is 1 ff-aicd that the Indians may
.become listless and an outbreak ensue.
'T^his trouble occurred three weeks ago,
fund it will be tome time before news can
M-«fcta;ned.
MAFEKING IS SEVERELY
DAMAGED BY CYCLONE
AMERICANS AND CANADIANS
FIGHT BECAUSE OF TRADE
Military Camp Hospital Blown Down
A and Much Suffering Thereby
Results.
'j"MA PEKING, Aug. 30.— A cyclone that
visited Mafeking last evening "did more
(lamaee than the seven months' bombard
reent. It blew down or unroofed r.umer
¦oi:s -buildings and leveled the military
¦c^mp hospital, causing much suffering
ar-icng the kIck and wounded. One person
v-. killed and two were injured and there
"vre"ne m.arry narrow escapes.
UE.LDD SURRENDERS
v^sls Chief of the Insurgent Torres
in Colombia.
'.^ARACAS. Venezuela (via Haytien ca
ble), Ai:^. 30.— Advices received here to
£ary say that General Uride. the chief of
tbfi insurgent forces in Colombia, has sur
rendered to the Gov.-rr.ment at Chuchuri
Negroes Ask Damages
KEW YORK. Aug. 30. -Frank Moss has
b^cn retained by a committee of repre
sentative colored men to see what action
cin be taken to punish the persons who
¦were Implicated in the recent outbreak
againFt the negroes in this city
Claim* against the city for "injuries re
ceived by colored persons in the recent
rigta filed in the Controllers office now
"The California boys who went to the
Philippir.es with the first expedition would
not know the islands if they saw them to
day." he said. "Everything seems to be
settling down to a good business basis,
and the back of the rebellion is broken. A
single company of United States troops
could march from one end of Luzon to the
other and m«-?t with no opposition. Once
in a while a few soldiers, sav a corporal's
guard, will be attacked, but a body of
twenty-fivo men or over will never bo mo
lested. No one knows where Agulnaldo
is, and as far as I could Icacn nobody
caros. lie is supposed to be in the north
end of Luzon.
"I' went bark to Manila on the Sher
man tn December last. Archbishop Cha
pelle went down with us and he is making
a thorough Investigation into the status
of affairs dov.n there. He js moving with
great care and oaution and Is gathering
information from all sources. Quite a
number of reforms hnve been quietly
made, but the outcome of the whole mat
ter will not be kr.own for some time to
com". AH kinds of stories are told
against the friars, and .all s'orts of stories
are told in their favor. One-half of whav
good Those self-sacrificing men have done
for the Filipinos has never been told.
Still al.l the stories are being listened to
byArchbiship Chapeile and he will draw
his own conclusions.
"Manila is now almost as healthy a city
to Live in as any in the United " States.
Under the supervision of Lieutenant Con
nors, who came home on the Thomas, the
Fanitation is almost perfect. The people
are peaceful and happy and never in th_'
history of the country has there been so
much money in circulation.
"At Xegros General Smith- has proved
himself to be an ideal governor. The
island is prospering by leaps and bounds.
i During the last fifty years there has never
| been as big- an acreage planted in sugar
; as during the season last past. Governor
1 Smith wants to come home, but the peo
; pie will not let him. He is the most popu
! lar man on the island and has made the
j spot the most prosperous in the group.
"Judge Taft is making a splendid im
pression in the Philippines. He seems
to have won the confidence of all classes
of men and the Filipinos place implicit
confidence In him. 1 think that he will
have everything in a fair way to an ami
cable pettloment before the spring.
"Major Sime of the Twelfth Cavalry is
the most popular officer in the islands.
He went to the Philippines with the Cal
ifornia regiment, but went back with the
regulars. He is the greatest fighter of
them all and the marauders run when he
is on the warpath.
"To make a lone story short I would
like to tell the California boys that tho
Philippines are not what they were two
years ago. Everything Is on a hlgrhcr
plane and even If the sword is making
the improvement possible the plowshare
Is not far behind. In every walk of life
bu5ine?s is improving and I will guar
antee that the output of sugar, hemp and
tobacco in 1901 will be greater than in any
three years in the past history of the
Philippines. And all this will be due to
the fact that in spite of the war there
is more peace and quietness and more
security in the group than ever before in
its history."
Father McKinnon says that the Filipino. 5 *
are eager to assist this country In the
present difficulty In China. When the first
news reached Manila of the Mongolian
outrages the natives went wild with ex
citement. The departure of the first body
of American troops spurred them to ac
tion.
General Pio del Pilar was among the
Filipino officers who led an army against
the American forces and whose protest
against American invasion was heard on
two continents. Recently he laid down his
arms and took the oath of allegiance. As
transport after transport sailed for the
Chinese shore he begged that he be al
lowed to organize a brigade of' natives
and fight against the heathens. He gave
assurance of -his sincerity, and speaking
for his countrvmen said they were anx
ious to be comrades in war with the peo
ple they so bitterly opposed but a short
time ago. / -: .
Plight of Bescuers.
Legation the American troops stared In
amazement and inquired if there was a
lawn party in progress. They had ex
pected to find tho relieved, in a worse
condition than themselves, whereas the
contrast between the appearance of the
rescued and the rescuers was surprising
ly in favor of the former. The British
Minister, Sir Claude Macdonald, was
shaven and dressed -In Immaculate tennis
llannels. Mr. Conger, the United States
Minister, was equally presentable. The
assemblage of ladies was fresh and bright
in summer clothing. Only a few civilians
were carrying arms.
On the other hand, the rescuers were
haggard and rough-bearded. They dragged
themselves along as if ready to drop,
their khaki uniforms dripping with per
spiration and black with mud.
But a second glance shoved that the
rescued were pale and thin. They looked
like a company of invalids. Every' part
of the inclosure testified to their tragic
experiences. There was a plat of new
graves headed with wooden crosses, in
cluding the graves of five children. The
second secretary's house was the hospital,
and it was lilled with wounded. French
nuns ministered there. At one time all
but four men of the Japanese contingent
had been in the hospital wounded.
There were several caves, roofed with
timbers heaped over with earth, which
served as bombproofs. ,
The bulletin board was covered with sig
nificant notices. For instance: "As there
is likely to be a severe dropping flre to
day, women ami children are forbidden to
walk about the grounds."
Here is another: "Owing to the small
supply of vegetables and eggs the market
will be open only from 9 to 10 hereafter.
All horse meat is inspected by a physi
cian."
Mr. Conger had the first secretary's
house. Seventy American missionaries
occupied the chapel. The French contin
gent had the pavilion on the lawn.
Bravery of Women.
The bravery of the women was note
worthy. They became so accustomed to
lire that it was difficult to restrain them
from walking about the grounds at all
times.
When a proposal was made to petition
the Tsung Li 1'amen for. vegetables some
said they would rather starve than take
help from that quarter. The Yamen's
food supply was a farce, only sufficient
for one day. When meat was asked for
the reply was that this could not be fur
nished because a state of war existed in
Peking.
The Tsung Li Yamen placarded a procla
mation exhorting the people to kill all
foreigners, because the latter had made
war on China In attacking the forts at
Taku.
The legations were fiercely attacked
from July 17 to July 25. At the latter
date a nominal truce was agreed to and
extended to August 3, although the Chi
nese repea-tedly violated it. There was
considerable rifle, fire from August 3 to
August 11, and then the Chinese mounted
smooth bores. The mainstay of the for
eigners was an old gun used by the Brit
ish in 1SG0, which was found in a junk
shop by Mitchell, the American gunner.
This was mounted on a Russian carriage
found by an Italian. Ammunition was
fitted to it and it was christened the
"international gun."
The foreigners remarked that relief had
been long delayed, but they insisted that
they had never despaired of the outcome.
The Chinese are said to admit that they
lost 3000 killed during- the siege.
The foreigners did not waste their am
munition, shooting only when a target
was In evidence. The Chinese method, on
the other hand, was a continuous heavy
and indiscriminate fire. The enemy would
advance to the barricades at night, creep
ing up with their arms filled with bricks,
and in the morning the foreigners wouM
see a new wall a few feet closer. Finally
the barricades came so close that talking
could be distinctly heard.
During the last two nights the Chinese
officers urged their men to charge the for
eigners and exterminate them before the
international forces could arrive. the
Chinese soldiers replied that they could
not stand the bayonets. On the night be
fore the relief they fired several thousand
rounds, the foreigner* replying with two
shots only. The Chinese artillery and
soldiers in Peking were apparently much
inferior to those encountered in the fight
ing at Tientsin.
The relief of Peking was a notable
achievement, chiefly for the forced march
of four independent armies over a single
difficult road and in sickening weather.
The opposition offered by the Chinese
dwindled steadily each day until the re
lieving columns were in front of Peking.
The defense of the city, considering the
possibilities of the case, was exceedingly
weak. The Japanese are still hammering
away at the wall of the northeast section,
which has not yet been entered. Probably
tho Chinese concentrated their forces
there, thus giving the Americans and
English comparatively easy possession.
Work of Americans.
They advanced along the left canal un
der cover, the Fourteenth Infantry lead
ing, with the Ninth Infantry and the ma
rines following. From a hill Captain
Reilly shelled a pagoda over the Chehua
gate until the infantry got close in. The
Fourteenth Regiment was extended under
cover before the wall, about 300 yards
away, when Company K scaled the corner
near the gate, under the fire of sharp
shooters. Lieutenant Gohn planting the
regimental flag. The regiment then
crowded with the Russians through the
gate unopposed, but every side of the
streets leading to the Tartar wall, along
which the soldiers passed, was swept by
rifle fire from the wall.
The companies dashed across the streets
In single iile. The British, entering Shaho
gate, about the middle of the east wall,
were nearest the legations and able to
enter lirst.
The last five days' marching was the
worst. It was a terrible strain. The
thermometer kept near 100. and was some
times above that figure. The country was
deep with sand and the route lay through
shadeless fields of tall corn. The Japa
nese possessed the greatest endurance
and being provided with the best trans
ports they made the pace. The Russians
held second place most of the time. The
Americans and English were pushed to
the utmost to keep up.
Japs Indefatigable. ,
General Fukashlma said that the Japa
nese might have reached Peking two days
before. He probably spoke the truth.
They seemed never to rest. Their cavalry
and scouting parties were throshlng the
country ahead and on their flanks, and
their outposts kept in constant contact
with the enemy, pressing the latter so
closely that they threw away their pots,
sleeping mats and clothing.
Several hundred Americans dropped out
from the heat" each day and came strag
gling into camp this evening. Even the
native Indian troops suffered almost as
much. The army could be tracked by
dead horses. The soldiers drank contin
ually from the muddy river and wells by
the wayside, with the. result that an epi
demic of dysentery set in. The Ameri
cans marched during the hottest hours of
the day. causing great dissatisfaction
among officers and men, who had wished
to move in the cool of the morning and
evening, like the Japanese and Russians.
But v.-ith four armies following a single
road the more enterprising grot the right
of way and the others had to follow when
they could.
CHICAGO, Aug. 30.— With the selection
of officers and the choice of Denver for
the National Encampment of 1901 the
thirty-fourth National encampment of the
Grand Army of the Republic praclcally
c&me to a close to-day. The officers
chosen were:
Commander in chief. Leo Rassieur, St.
i*uis.
Senior vice commander, E. C. Milliken,
Portland, Me.
Junior vice commander, Frank Seamon,
Jviioxville, Tenn.
Surgeon, general. John A. Wllklne,
Delta. Ohio.
Chaplain in chief, Rev. A. Drahms, San
Quentia.- Cal.
Adjutant General Stewart was directed
to send telegrams to the .President of the
United States, General Chatlte at Peking
and General MacArthur at Manila ex
pressive of the admiration of the mem
bers of the Orand Army of the Republic
far their disuntruii-hej and patriotic serv
ict-s to .the country during the present
irjing times.
There was no contest fcr the honor of
enuTtair.ing the veterans In MM; Denver
ajipnit-ntly "bc-iuff the unanimous choice of
tue delt-sates. and the old of the Western
cisy *oi the distinction met vim no oppo
tlbcn..
:,The installation of the new otacers then
t$ok place. End snorxly oefore 6 o'clock
lie convention udjuurned sine die.
•"h hose vfijt/t-rs were ejected by the
womea'g Elelicf Corps: National presi
ort. Mrs. Mary L. Carr. Lor.gmont.
<j.olo.; national senior vice president. Mrs.
B«iU» M. Satterloe. St. Louis; national
irjnipr vice president, Mrs. Abbie R.
Sio^g, Battle Creek. Mien.; national
treasurer, Mrs. Sarah E. Phillips, Syra
cuse. X. V.
I Trie ladles of the Grand Army of the Re
jmbUc io-uisht elected th<s following ol-
Jjc^rs: President. Mrs. Etta Tob-?y, Lo
gansnort, Ina. : national councillor, Mrs.
Dr. Julia F. Schado, Philadelphia; senior
vico pr<--.<idem. Mrs. Julia Kills. Chicago;
-Junior vice president. Mrs. Mary Jame
son, Marine City. Mich.; treasurer, Mrs.
Annie Sr.ge. Dayton. Ohio; ehiipiain, Mrs.
; Li!z?ie Garvin. New Jersey. :
'¦¦: Officers el<c".rd *>v tht- Daughters of the
tVtcnjMi were: National president. Miss
.t^iUiari E. Phillips; senior vice president,
Elizabeth PanisU-y; junior vice president,
ji'arrif- WVptbronk: chaplain, Clara Mar
iln; treasurer. Ava J. Allen.
Denver Selected Practically Without
Opposition as the Place for
Holding tlie Next
Convention.
Hew Officers Are Elected
for the Ensuing
V/jn rt
X Ottl.
ADJOURNMENT
OF GRAND ARMY
ENCAMPMENT
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY; AUGUST 31, 1900.
Continued From Page 1.
DETAILS OF SUFFERINGS
OF THE LEGATIONERS
Chaplain McKinnon Says Affairs
Are Reaching a Higher Plane
in the Islands.
PEACE IS COMING
TO PHILIPPINES
FORMER CHAPLAIN OF THE FIGHTING FIRST.
5
TV C*i \A/
/ W« W« \mdfm Wmfm
I and N. D. O. W. Emblematic Cards, n
" All new and oriKtnal designs. ICO Cards 8s
with your Name, Parlor -and Residence <3
printed on, 75c. Send for samples. fjj
THE GABRIEL PRI2ITIK6 CO., q
413 Sacramento street. San Francisco. H
New York Dental Parlors,
723 Market. Street,
SAN FRANCISCO.
MAIN OFFICE PORTLAND. OR.
BRANCH ¦...SEATTLE. WASH.
TEETH EXTRACTED AND FILLED AB-
SOLUTELY WITHOUT PAIX. by^Ir late
scientific method applied to tho sums No
sleep-Droducln* agent or cocaine.
These are the only dental parlors In San
Francisco having PATENTED APPLIANCES
and ingredients to extract, nil and apply icol.l
crowns and porcelain crowns undetectable from
natural teeth, and warranted for ten years
WITHOUT THE .LEAST PAIN. Full set of
te^th. $3: a perfect nt guaranteed or no pay.
Gold crowns. J5. Gold fillings. $1. Silver fill-
ings. 50c. All work done by GRADUATE DEN-
TISTS of from 13 to 20 years* experience, and
each department In charge of a tipeclalist. Give
us a call, and you will find us to do exactly
as we advertise. We will tell you In advance*
exactly what your work will cost by a FREE
EXAMINATION. - .
No More Dread of the Dental Chair
Sale of Easels*
Parlor Easels of ribbed white enamel
wood, with brass to? ornaments and fit-
ting?, or a natural oak with turn top
ornaments and brass fittings; both are
the regular size and both are fitted with
adjustable picture rests — on sale to-
dav at the very special price, »y«*»_
each ZOC
Toy Department— Second Floor.
Grocery Sale*
Best Eastern Hants— Emporium
brand, sugar cured, part of a big con-
tract purchase at less than carload
rate?, until closing time Sat- f^\
urday night, Dor pound tlC^G
Herring— Ginnine Holland Milch-
ners, white and fat, to-day 8 fish for
25o
Imported Sardines— -In pure
olive oil, per tin ~1Oc
Cakos— Fresh Frisco Lunch Cakes,
to-day, per pound ,...8o
Corn Meal— Best granulated yel-
low meal, to-day, 10 pounds 200
Olives (in bulk! — Fancy fnll ripe
olives, to-day, per quart 20 C
Main Floor— Rear.
Dress Goods Sale*
A very attractive offering thi?, but nn-
fortanately there a-o only 250 yards in
the lot; it's a $1.00 grade of all-wool
cheviot homespuns in the new fall shades
of gray, brown, bin*, etc., full 56 inches
wide; on sale for this day only, mm mm
per yard MfC
Sale of Neckwear.
Another of our Eastern es£~7^>
j neckwear buyer's fortu- . i^g|=?3
nate purchases effered .Ij^M^J
to-day at a third less jf \
than real value: m V\
50 dozen of thi3 sea- ifti x \
son'p most popular and '/ I \i
best SP'Ung twice around ill \ M
Silk Taffeta Scarfs, ll', \ \\
handsomely hemstitched It i I *A
and corded, a recognized jj I w \\
50c tie, in ]l&y\
Pink, Heliotrope, f^^VvnX
Blue, Lavender,
Cardinal, Cream, •
Matee, White, Black. o^-«
To-day only, each... *p*»O
Laundry Bags 20c,
Bought a thousand of these extra lar^e
laundry bags at an absurdly low price.
They are made of a fine quality of
sateen, in good dark colorings, and are
finished with cord and tassels; bought in
the regular way the prices would be 40c
and 50o each — on special sale am
Friday, each dSUC
(Limit of 3 to a customer.)
*m& Boys' $10 I
py Blue Serge
JcjfaJ Suits 97.95\
jfJri\ T nere are on ly
/ if I \ of the3e suits— we
r Hi D 6 *) c l ose d out all that
/ 'iv * <^^ *^ e ma^ er na d °f
L: / V^ y them — made of extra
\J j ,^w heavy al'-wool fast blue
| i serge, calor guaranteed;
\\ round cornered sack
\\ coats with double-breast-
\\ ed vests, the make and
\\ trimmings are of the
vi and they would sell
¦ l £%g~*^\^r~ ' n the regular way and
, be an exceptionally good
value at $12.50 — our Drire Fridav,
and Saturday, if quan- £1**7 €3) E£
tity lasts $P M miOF+J?
Saturday Butter Sale.
(Saturday only) another special sale of
choice Creamery 'Butter, the quality always sold in
our big Pure Food Department; regular
si^e squares — each •# «#€^
Limit of $ squares to a single customer.
Lace Curtain Sale*
Every curtain that wj sell n a depend-
able curtain: we hare heard of curtains
as cheap as 50c a pair, bat they ara not
worth having; the 100 j paiw that we
place on sale to-day are 3} yards long,
58 inches wide, a handsome design, well
covered, strong heavy net; regularly we
wou'd sell - them and they will be cheap
at $1.65 per pair— the price of}
on Friday only will be. &1.2m€f
Black Taffeta Sale*
A jobber who wanted ready money
closed ottt to us the balance of his dsllar
quality Black Taffeta Silk at a very
special price. It is a real good quality
with brilliant luster and extra heavy,
suitable for dress, skirts, shirt waists or
underskirts, full 27 inches wide — our
special sale price Friday, per mmg%
yard 7OC
For Friday and
Saturday only,
your unreserved
choice of any
$15.00 Cutaway
Frock Suit is the
store at one-quar-
ter off. The very
large assortment in-
cludes all-wool black
diagonal worsteds,
Thibets, Oxford chev-
iots and fancy cassi-
meres, all of them
this season's newest
patterns and color-
ings. They were made
by some of the best
manufacturing tailor3
in America and will be
found perfect in fit
and finish; to-day an d
to-morrow only choice
for
$11.25.
Men's $15 Cutaway
Suits, $11.25.
Special Sale ofL :^
Golf Goods.
Until closing time Saturday night
the big store offers its entire line of
Golf Good3, every article this sea-
son's make, the product of the prin-
cipal manufacturers only, at a great
reduction from regular prices.
$2.00 C uba, StmSO; 75c to ?4.00 Caddy
Bags at GOc In $3.OO; $4.00 per dozen
Golf Balls at $3*50, and the other requi-
site* of the game at proportionately low
prices. ' . \ -•
Sporting Goods Department— Second Floor. ' : -"
B'eached Tarkiah Towels, extra wall made,
closely woven fabric, Ion? solid loop n3p,
neat red borders, a good wearing « »
25c towel, Friday only, each ImC
Sale of Towels.
Brandy— Full qnart bottle3 of good me-
dicinal brandy; to-djy, per bottle...50o
Main Floor— Rear.
Yellowstone Whteky— Fall quart
bottles of this famous whisky, m>^ -» _
distillery bottling, to-day &MmU9
Port or Sherry— Our regular 6-year-
old $1.50 quality wines; to-day, per <ra!-
!°n 95c
Liquor Sale*
Prices as low as the Emporium's (for the highest class of goods) are only possible
when very large quantities of merchandise are bought direct from the makers and
the selling portion ' of the business is conducted on the most modern economic basis. The largest
stocks ever owned by this store have just been bonght, and the purchasea include many short lines
and sample lots that cost U3 but a fraction of their real value. Here are a few examples of the
money-saving possibilities in the big store to-day.
N.S.G.W. *SFBSJHE BE&AffetffeifefZffl S ft JS " OaUfornia Venus"
Decorations WaaS" Li^*^sCb 1 1 lUi Rupert Schmid * 3 beautiful
of all kinds at Ss ¦Bpf *^ Ai%«i marble statue, on free
Department w Qofagen'HUile Bazaar. ™ exhibition in Attraction .
Store Prices. California's largest-America's grandest store Hall secon( i fl OO r.
THE EMPORIUM.
THE EMPORIUM.
DDTTCIJiPO FOR BARBERS. BAK-
brewers, bookbinders, candy-makers, caaaers.
dyers, flourmilK foundries. laundries, paper-
hangers, printers.' painters, shoe factories, sta-
blemen, tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, etc.
BUCnA>A.N BROS..
Brush Manufacturers, 609 Sacramento St.
I A |. 0 i
DR. MEYERS & CO.
xt^sSl^r-x Specialists
j^^pi® Diseases and
<2»j£p-"" tb Weakness of
E& sG>& *^ en * Estab-
\; X /*», tution, most
ft 1 * vi ! $pN* extensive prac-
/*O*^?K^*1. tntion free.
* '/r^v* ' days o to if. -
731 MarKct St.. San Francisco.
SH HJrgBI B V>j»m& *¦ *5» fitfe
¦ 11 pB KB BB BE8 B B C^B*
fif m t Ti SmGH C*3^ **frfl *9 ni £?
TJbLbi EMPORIUM.fierce an onslaught on certain teachers,
alleging: their incompetency and suspend
ing them arbitrarily and without trial for
periods so Iopb as a year, the teacher3'
have taken the pains to Investigate hi3
own career in the department. These in
vestigations have developed several inter
esting facts. President Mark's career in
the department ha3 bien brief. He was
admitted as a probationary teacher, to
begin eervice on July 10, 1S93, at a salary
of $&0 a month.
He was assfgned to the Washington
Grammar School and conducted his clasa
in so unsatisfactory a manner that he was
transferred. He was utterly unable to
maintain discipline and affairs reached
such a pass as to become an affair of
notoriety in the department. Teachers
insist that President Mark has probably
forgotten the incident when he seeka now
to be arbitrarily severe on other teachers.
Violent Protest Against the Board.
These are the charges and counter
Charges, criminations and recrimination?,
protests of parents, teachers, pupils and
Dueling in Italy appears to be passing from an inno
cent pastime. to _a very serious affair. Four men were
recently killed at the sporVin a single day.^
ONLY a few days ago we directed attention to
the reports to the Bank Commissioners made
bythe savings banks in this. city, showing an
increase in deposits amounting to more than $7,186,
000 over those of a corresponding period last year.
Now it is" to be noted' that reports from the savings
banks of the interior of the State are equally gratify
ing. Their deposits show a gain for the year of
$5A37<585'. so that the total increase in the savings
bjmk deposits of the Slate is in excess of $12,224,000.
It is to be borne in mind that this handsome in
crease in the savings of the wage-earners has been
accompanied by an increase in the building of homes
and by payments of mortgages and old debts upon a
large scale. Thus the showing is "one of remarkable
prosperity. It proves that the' people are living in
better condition than before, are relieved from many
of the burdens of the past and in addition have stored
up a notable sum in the way of savings as a safe
guard against any disaster that may come in the fu
ture. _,
Such being the case, it is not likely any considerable
number of thrifty voters will vote for a "change'^ next
November. Nor will they be deluded into the, belief
that "imperialism" is the paramount issue in a contest
of this kind between the party of prosperity and the
party of calamity. The question that appeals to the
common sense of the plain people is whether they
shall overthrow the party of protection and sound
money, which has brought such abounding prosperity
to all classes of industrious citizens and all sections
of the Union, for the sake of putting into power air
administration pledged to deprive our industries of
protection and to debase the coinage. 7
The workingmen who have made -deposits in the
savings banks earned gold and deposited gold. They
expect to be paid in gold. They are not going to
vote for, fifty-cent dollars in exchange for the full-:
value dollars. the banks owe them. Bryan may- be a
very clever demagogue, but he can never persuade a"
majority; of American workingmen to commit any
such folly as that.
SAVINGS BfJNKS STATISTICS.
BRYAN AND WELLS-FARGO.
WE have had many inquiries asking the reason
and significance of the sudden conversion of
Wells-Fargo Express Company to Bryan.
¦ That company supplied him with his argument that
the Republican party so arranged the war tax as to
slide' off corporations and fall on the people. .It ren
dered itself peculiarly offensive in that respect and its
course was generally reprehended by the press of the
whole country.
Perhaps its present course may be accounted for by
its willingness to serve Colonel Bryan in the capacity
of a terrible example. The temperance lecturqr who
found his audiences indifferent to his appeals, im
mediately became successful when he engaged an
habitual sot to travel with him as an exhibit of the
effects of sociability ?nd shoving round the can.
In this capacity Wells-Fargo has already rendered
Colonel Bryan great service. But its attitude is not
viewed' -.with great confidence by the people and they
will be less willing to accept Colonel Bryan, with his
new partner, than they v^ere to take him when he was
in business as a sole trader in popular passion and
prejudice.
Since Mr. Valentine, the president of Wells-Fargo,
carried his company over to Populism, it is noticeable
that accessions to the support of McKinley have mul
tiplied from the ranks" of those Democrats who
believe in sound money and who believe
that maintenance of the gold standard is the best
foundation for the country's prosperity and a N miti
gating influence of the severity of panics when they
Such men are not betrayed into folly by the use
of a party name and they are deaf to appeals for them
to stand in on the ground that, on the whole, it is
better for the Democratic party to win, because they
recognize no feature of Democracy in the Populistic
combination that Bryan is playing. They look ask
ance at a partnership between Populism and
monopoly, such as the Wells-Fargo-B^an arrange
ment offers.
Surely it is an angulsr patch on the crazy quilt of
the" campaign to see the Southern expansionists led by
Anti-Expansion Bryan and the anti-monopoly can
didate resting on the same pillow with a tax-shirking
corporation!
There has been. a suspicion abroad that many of the
great corporations are secretly in favor of the Sioux
Falls platform for Government ownership of all the
instruments of commerce. If they can control a
Bryan administration, sell out to- the Government at
?. good, price and retire, they will have executed a
brilliant stroke of business. The people may look at
it differently. They will be paying interest then on
a Government debt contracted in effecting^ the pur
chase, as well as supporting the extravagances of
public administration of a very large business. In
fine, the Bryan programme of Government owner
ship of the instruments of commerce opens vast pos
sibilities foV a financial transaction on a stupendous
"scale. If the present owners of those instruments
can sell them to the Government, they '"will only
need to wait for the errors and extravagance of Gov
ernment management to put them again on the mar
ket at such a reduced price that a margin, Marge
enough to gratify extreme avarice, can be made in
the transaction.
All who have followed the course of 'attempts at
A BUBONIC BO0RD IN TEXAS.
WHEN the bubonic Board of Health in this city,
aided and abetted by Quarantine Officer Kin
youn, set about trying to create a scare and a
panic by reports of the existence ot the dread plague
in this city, there was a widespread belief that the
worst that health officers could ever do had been
done. No one supposed that in any" ether city or
State there would ever be a set of officials who would
or could beat the record. That belief was erroneous.
Texas has outdone Kinyoun and the. San Francisco
Board of Health put together. The Texas Health Of
ficer is still maintaining a quarantine against San
Francisco, and. despite the indignant protests' oi the
r.eoole. seems determined to continue it •
The El Paso Herald, of the 25th publishes in
full an elaborate petition from the Chamber of Com
merce of that city to the Governor of Texas pro
testing against the action of the State Health Officer,
\V. F. Blunt, and recommending his removal from
office. • • •
The "petition contains some correspondence be
tween the Chamber of Commerce and Mount, and
it will be learned with rmazement that in a note, dated
Aufru?t 16, Blunt said: "There is now, no embargo
against anything except it has .been directly con
nected with Chinatown. San Francisco. For reasons
best known to ourselves there will be no. further
modifications for" the present. In this connection
I desire to say that the public has never been fully
advised of the situation there." In a note of August
19 he said: "Yesterday I received the following
telegram: 'One white case; lived in Chinatown. One
new case to-day, Chinaman. (Signed) Charles F.
Norton.' This shows that the .lapse of time has not
demonstrated the truth of your contention that the
quarantine is not justified by existing conditions."
Who the Charles F. Norton is who sent out the re
ports of new bubonic plague cases we know not, but
it is safe to assert he is a liar of the first rank. As for
Blunt himself, his cs<=ertion that the public has
never been fully advised of the situation here is suf
ficient to stamp him r.s an utterly unfit man to hold
any official position whatever.- A man who will say
that will say anything. The situation here was in
vestigated not only by the press, by the State Board
nf Health and by a committee appointed by the Gov
ernor, but by an eminent expert, Dr. Shrady of Ke.v
York, who was employed by The Call and the New
York Herald expressly to make a full investigation
2nd an impartial report of what the conditions were.
That report was made and published and the State
Health Officer of Texas cannot be ignorant of it.
In describing to the Governor the perverse course
pursued by Blunt, the petition of the El Paso Cham
ber of Commerce says: "We beg you; sir, to believe
that in using terms which approach perilously near
the boundaries of parliamentary speech, we mean no
disrespect to you. If we were to employ the terms
that are suggested by the maintenance of these quar
antine restrictions we should go far beyond th*
bounds of parliamentary language. The indignation,
the sense of injustice and wrong under which our peo
ple are smarting have reached large proportions and
the language in which the State Health Officer's ac
tion is denounced in private conversation is not to be
quoted in writing or in print."
After that statement it is hardly worth while for us
to attempt to characterize the action of the bubonic
official. The average Texan can do justice to -bim i:i
private conversation and probably no one can do it
anywhere in print. .The man is about the worst ex
ample of a fool or worse in office that is just now play
ing fantastic tricks before the eyes of heaven. The
whole thing is an illustration of how hard it is to cure
fools of their folly and how dangerous to the world
is a lie that has once been well started. That plague
scare worked a vast injury to San Francisco and Cali
fornia and now it is proving fully as injurious to
Texas.
c-ir-JHE scandal which has been brewing
in the School Department, chiefly
jj through the gross mismanagement
and favoritism of Cecil W. Mark,
president of the School Board, threatens
to tako a form far more serious than pro
test. Instructors who have had years of
experience in the department, but who
dare not expose openly the wretched
methods now. In vogue for fear of the re
venge of Mark, declare that if something 1
is not summarily done to check the board
the department will be ruined for years.
Through the Introduction of absurd no
tions of instruction, particularly in the
primary grades, teachers and pupils alike
have been demoralized. Children of im
mature years are weighted with courses
of instruction which it is physically and
mentally impossible for them to master.
Teachers are forced, through a dishonest
classification and consolidation of classes,
to'undertake the instruction of so great a
number of children that individual in
struction is an impossibility, and the effi
ciency of the department Is daily being
undermined. '
Foisting Favorites on the Rolls.
Added to these outrages upon the de
partment is the loss of permanency in
their tenure of office which the teachers
are suffering. None know when the next
whim of Mark and bis associates will rob
them of their places and relegate them
to the unassigned list without pay. which
means out of the department. Instructors
who have been In the department for
more than twenty years have been con-'
solidated out of the schools, deprived of
their classes and of their salaries, while
a woman who has been a teacher less
than two months, but who enjoys thb
favor of Mark, Is fixed safely in a de
sirable berth.
This discrimination, which has eclipsed
anything similar in the history of the de
partment, is carrying demoralization Into
every school. Priority of service counts
for nothing and ability Is worth no more.
The only basis of success under the Phe
lan board is that of a "pull." When
Mark saw that there was an opportunity
to provide for one of his favorites in the
physical culture department he. lost no
time in accepting it. The department was
admittedly efficient. The instructors were
competent. They had the indorsement of
societies representing 12,000 men deeply in
terested in physical culture.
Luck of an Imported Athlete.
AH of this counted for nothing with
President Mark. He had a friend named
C. T. Work, located at that time In the
East. This friend Mark decided should
be placed in charge of the physical cul
ture department, and the other instructors
wore discharged. Work was duly elected
at a salary of $200 a month. Not satisfied
with this proceeding, the board went still
further in its scheme' to provide for a fa
vorlte. It determined that Work should
be paid his salary of $200 for the month of
July.
The public schools of this city were not
in session during that month. There was
neither a' need lor physical culture or the
posssibility of giving it, but perhaps Pro
fessor Work earned his money punching
the bag for his own edification or turning
cartwheels with himself.
Story of the Barber Secretary.
An 1 entry in the city directory explains
another Interesting job of the present
Board of Education. The entry reads:
"Charles Al Berliner, assistant secretary
of the Board of Education and barber, 1007
Howard street." The entry fails to state
whether. Mr. Berliner is more efficient as a
barber or as a secretary. It is interesting
to know, however, that Mr. Mark is the
close personal friend of Mr. Berliner, who
owes that distinction to the significant
factthat he is the barber of Phil Crim
mins; roustabout, heeler and saloon poli
tician. ' "¦
•¦•President Mark finds it to his interest
to (Jo favors for Phil Crimmins, and while
the president of the reform board did
not have the pleasure- cf -appointing. Mr.
Berliner i a secretary he did increase his
salary. Some of the" teachers -who arc
beginning to understand why various acts
of favoritism in the department are being
s,hown are inclined' to think that Mr. Ber
liner's: salary was Increased because the
board may contemplate the establishment
of a tonsorial parlor in . connection with
the. secretary's-; office. ' Mr. . Crimmins la
'very frequently in the City Hall and
'the';' arrangement 'might ."be', accepted by
him as a convenience.
Mark as ; an Instructor.
1 " Since " President Mark ' has begun
the Reneral public which have set the de
partment in an uproar. In the Western
Addition parents are up In arms because
their chHtlren are consolidated out of
?chool3 and forced to go to unsanitary
buildinjjs while teacher3 of experience aro
displaced. Thousands of citizens havrv
been angered by arbitrary measures an'l
have insolently been told to mind their
own business. Methods of Instruction
have been changed to no purpose except
for Injury. Classes are overcrowded,
favorites are being: smuggled into the de
partment, saloon politicians have been
piven preferences and ail in the namo of
**r«form."
In this uproar few teachers, as already
Indicated, care to risk an outspoken pro
test as they will feel the revenue of the
board. Mass-meetings appear to be with
out avail and Mayor Phelan. who accepts
responsibility for the actions of the board,
Is Inactive.
PRESIDENT CECIL W.MARK INTRODUCES FAVORITISM AND THE TER
RORISM OF THE PULL INTO THE SCHOOL DEPARTMENT AND
TEACHERS REBEL.
fEht -simile (Sail-
FRIDAY ..AUGUST 31, 1900
JOHN D. SPRECKELS. Proprietor.
Wdrew All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
MAJf ACER'S 9_y^£jg^^j^l^S^£^S£- Pret ' ? .-^^
FtBUCATIOX OKKICB..JIUwlcet «»* TktrO. S. V.
Telephone Pxe«a SOI..
EDITORIAL nOOMS 21T <• 221 St«T«M«* it.
Telephone Vrcmm 9OX,
IMlrerM by Carrier*. 15 Cents Per Wee*.
Single Coplei, 5 Cents.
Terms by Mall, lncladiuir Pfestaret
X3ATL.T CALL <IdcJu(31ec 8onday). one year...... ..$•.«•
DAIL.T CALL, HncSuilr:* Sunday). « months «-W
DAJLT CALX* (includlac Sunday), t month*................ IH
»AILT CALL— Ey Oiaide Month — — ••
BTKDAT CALL On* T*ar «.„...;.....«?.. J-M
WEEKJ.Y CALL On» Tew *.<>•
All pwtiaailert ore authorise* to receive
¦nbtcrlptloBi.
¦azapto ecpiea will be forwarded when requested.
Man rnbKrlbrn In orttertiic chang* of address ghcrald be
particular to |1n both NEW AXD OLD ADDRESS In order
to tnsur* a protapt and correct compliance with their request.
OAKJLA5D OFFICE 1118 Broad war
GEORGE C KROGNESS.
Manager Foreign Advertteln j, Marquetta Building. Chicago.
(Lone Dlrtaae* Telephone "Central Kll.")
KTTW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C C» CARLTON Heraid Square
MEW TORE REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN B. SMITH SO Tribune Building
NXTW TORS XXCTS STANDS:
Waioorf«A«torU Bold; A. BrenUno, 11 tJnio* Squares
Muiay yrrtT Hotel.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS :
Eberaan House; P. O. Kews Co.; Great Northern Hotel;
Fremont Hcoae; Auditorium Hotel.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Wellington Hotel
JMORTON fc, CRANE, Correspondent.
¦ URAaCH OFFICES— 6J7 Montgomery, corner of Clay, open
until 8:30 ©"clock. 300 Hayes, open until »:80 o'clock. C33
McAllister, open until J:39 o'clock. 615 Larkln, open until
1:30 o'clock. 1J41 Mission, open until 10 o" clock. 2261 Market.
corner Sixteenth, open until S o'clock. 1096 Valencia, open
until 8 o'clock. 10« Eleventh, open until 9 o'clock. NW cor
ner Twenty-second and Kentucky, open until 9 o'clock.
PACIFIC COAST PROSPECTS.
SAN FRANCISCO has not yet attained her
rightful rank among cities' of the Union. While
holding the position of metropolis of the
Pacific Coast, her popplation is inferior in numbers
to that of such provincial cities as Cleveland and Buf
falo. In point of trade she far surpasses each of those
cities and as a social and political center they are not
within range, of comparison with her. In the natural
order of things population should be proportionate
with wealth and industrial energy. San Francisco,
however, is subject to exceptional conditions. She
has not been able to absorb her suburbs as have East
ern cities and furthermore she is the metropolis of
one of the most sparsely settled sections of the
Union. Throughout the whole Pacific Coast wealth
and activity are disproportioned to population accord
ing to Eastern standards. We do not show up in the
census anything like so potent as we are in the actual
life of the republic.
It is probable that a similar condition of affairs will
prevail for a long time to come. We have not the
cheap lands that have attracted swarms of home
seekers to other sections and there has never been en
couraged any wholesale immigration of workingmen
to this coast. Nor is it likely that there will be any
change in such 'respects in the future. By coinci
dences of development the Pacific Coast has been from
the first a land where immigration is subject to natural
restriction. In the old days the journey was so dif
ficult it required much energy, strength and courage
to come. In latter days the high price of lands and
the forces which have held back manufacturing indus
tries have served to prevent anything like a rush of
immigration. The penniless, the unenterprising and
the doubtful have, as a rule, halted on the other side
of the Rockies. Thus it is that all over the coast we
are doing work in excess of our comparative popula
tion and are disappointed when we perceive our cities
and towns rated lower in the census than Eastern
cities that are inferior in every other respect.
" There are prospects, however, that the coming dec
ade is going to bring a wonderful increase of popu
lation to the coast. In an address before the Hamil
ton Club of Chicago on Wednesday Senator Davis
of Minnesota, in speaking of the increase of commerce
that is sure to result from the development of China,
said: "When fully completed the United States will
be the greatest participant in that trade of the Pacific
which Humboldt predicted more than seventy-five
years ago would be the greatest commerce that land
and sea have 'ever known. We need cross but one
ocean to grasp the 'wealth of Ormus and of Ind.'
Europe must traverse four seas to share it. We can
produce everything v.hich that insatiable market can
absorb, just as now we are producing and exporting
our goods, textile, metallic and miscellaneous, to
every market of the world, as the direct result of Re
publican economic policies put in force during our
Civil War and steadily persisted in by that party ever
since. This is manifest destiny; it is written by an
auspicious astrology upon the sky of a visible future.
It will give 15.000,000 of people to our States of the
It is not the statesmen only of the country who per
ceive this promise of a rapid increase of population
here. . The far-seeing "captains of industry and
finance" also perceive it and are preparing for it. In
a recent interview W. G. Nevin'of the Santa Fe Rail
road stated:
"The management of the Santa Fe is deeply inter
ested in the development of the commerce of this
port and will naturally do everything in its power to
increase it. The acquisition of the Philippines and
the history-making events that are taking place in the
Orient are destined to create a mighty progress for
San Francisco, and it is only a question of time when
this will be a really great city. In view of its present
progress the day of its greatness is not far distant.
Appreciating this situation, our company is backing
the judgment of its managers by preparing in all ways
to handle this coming great traffic."
So the movement works with a double motion. To
provide for increasing business and population the
transcontinental railroads will improve their facilities
for transportation, and that improvement will in turn
promote the very business it is designed to serve.
Thus the prospects of a rapid growth of population
are brighter than ever before. This year San Fran
cisco is ninth among the cities of the Union in point
of population and the Puget Sound ports are ranked
among fourth class cities, but ten years from now the
census men will have a different tale to tell.
public ownership under our system of government
feel confident that that would "be the result of the
experiment. Hence it may well be said that the cor
porations which support Colonel Bryan are wiser
than the children of light.
ETHIOPIA LIFTS HER HEAD.
A FEW weeks since a Pan-African Conference
was held in- the city of London. The delegates
• were from Africa, Abyssinia, the United States,
West Indies and other parts of the world.
The chairman was Bishop Walters of Jersey City.
He said that it was the misfortune of the negroes in
the United States to live among people whose laws,
traditions and prejudices had.been against them for
centuries. It had been the policy of certain classes
of Americans to keep them down. It took 240 years
for negro emancipation and 100 years to attain here
his standing a soldier, therefore it was too much to
expect .that he would get complete political rights in
thirty-five years. Yet the negroes of the United
States had iti that time eliminated 55 per cent of their
illiteracy and to-day owned $735,000,000 in real and
personal property and in their struggle for civil
equality asked for sympathy, consideration and en
couragement.
The Bishop of London, addressing the conference,
said the problems Which it was to consider would not
settle themselves in a hurry. This conference, the
first of its kind held in the world, was a sign of the
tendency toward settlement. After all, the sense of
human brotherhood was a real thing, but magnificent
as it was, it created practical difficulties.
Mr. Sylvain, the Abyssinian delegate, spoke of the
natives and the colonists. He charged that there was
an anti-liberal reaction in British colonial policy for
the last fifteen years. Natives must no longer be con
sidered like serfs, workable at their masters' dicta
tion.
An address to the governments of the world was
adopted, which says: "Let not the cloak of Christian
missionary enterprise be allowed in the future, as
often in the past, to hide the ruthless economic ex
ploitation and political downfall of less developed na
tions, whose chief fault has been reliance on the
plighted faith of the Christian' church."
It was noteworthy that the members from the
United States exhorted the conference to seek jus
tice through adequate and sound education of the peo
ple it represented.
They stood for menfcil enlightenment and expert
manual training, to the end that the negro might find
himself equipped for industrial independence.
The crux of the problem in the United States is
the nullification of the constitution, by depriving the
negro of the ballot where he needs it the most as a
means of securing that very education which is to up
lift him. ;
The ballot being riven to the white illiterate and
taken from the black, it was anticipated that the illiter
acy ol the blacks may be expected to increase rather
than diminish, since continued denial of the ballot
will depend upon that illiteracy. The philosopher
and sociologist will =ee in this a menace to the future
peace of the "country. A vast illiterate population is
always a dangerous element in a popular government.
Their capacity to resist oppression is diminished as
the. desire to oppress increases on the part of the
dominant race. Both arc injured by it and civil insti
tutions, intended to establish equality, are finally de
bauched and destroyed. . Booker Washington and
others take a hopeful view of the future and profess
to believe that the blacks in the South will seek edu
cation to remove the ban to their equal use of the bal
lot. But, as without the ballot they will have no
means to secure facilities for such education, it is
no wonder that many do not share this optimistic
view. We are making of the negro a soldier, training
him in tactics and the use of arms, teaching him the
value "of military organization and at the same time
supplying him with a motive to finally turn this
knowledge of the offensive arts against us, provided
that denial of rights given him by the constitution
shall continue to the point of exasperation.
THE SAN FKAXCISCO CALL, FRIDAY; AUGUST 31, 1900.
Exposure of Gross Frauds in the Selection of
Favorites at the Expense of Instructors Who
Have No Political or Personal Pull.
SCHOOL BOARD PROVOKES
AN UPROAR OF DISCONTENT
S
6
LOANS
OH DEFINITE CONTRACT.
INSTALLMENT PLAN.
$12 63 a month pays up a I10CO loan la 19
,¦;;_-; yean; JW 80 In 5 years.
Citizens' Building, and Loan Association,
, ' 235 MOMTGOMERX5T.
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters!
|S A GREAT RSSTOKATIVE. IN VlGOPw*.-^^
¦tor and NerTineJ
The most wondirrul aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic for the Sexlal Organs tar both sr.xe*.
The Mexican renedy for Disease? of ths Kid-
neys and DladdW Sells on Its own merit*.
NABETi ALFS Jfc BRUNC. . AfMtt.
123 Marke 1 st., 3. F.— tS«ad tor CtrcuUr.J|
The Call's
Semi-
Centennial
Admission
Day
Edition*
Out September 2, J900.
Page Upon Page
Of Intensely
Interesting Stories
Profusely Illustrated as only the
Sunday Call can do it.
The Greatest . •
Admission Day .
Edition Ever Printed.
The Sunday Call Leads Them A 1 \
Special Information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by ths
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). &1D Mont-
gomery st. Telephone Main 1042. *
Cal. glace fruit 50c per 1T> at Townaefed's.*
AUCTION FiALEg.
Occidental Hor*» Exchange - Monday. Serteiftber 3 f at 11
o'clock. Horses, at 7H Howard street. '
AMUSEJiLENTS.
Oryheum— Vauflevjlla.
Grand Oj>era-hou«e— "The Silver Klnr."
Tlvoli— •The Masked BalL"
Alcaxar— "Frou .Frou."
Columbia— '•The XDnly Way."
Olympla, corner Mason and Eddy street*— Specialties.
Chutes. Zoo and Theater — Vaudeville every atternoon and
ereuins. '. '; j. -,' -.
Fischer* •— Vaudeville. .• ¦
Sutro Baths— Open nlrhta. -, ¦¦;..",.
rain's Firew«rks— Folpom and Sixteenth streets. Saturday,
Sertetnrnr 1- •¦ '¦"-;:'-'¦
Eh"rraan-Clay HaJl— Paloma Pehramm. to-morrow after-
noon. .*•',
Execr*lon to Monterey— Sunday, September 2.
State Fair. Pacramento — September 3 to 15. ¦New Roof for City Hall.
The wrong system of construction of the
City Hall roof, which has been agritating
the present municipal administration ever
since it assumed office, will be remedied
If i a resplution to be introduced at the
next meeting of the Board of Supervisors
shall be'adopted.'jMMgJMflaaBBjrMf&BiWWiBwMBI
The resolution was prepared yesterday
by the Building Committee and directs
the Board of Public Works to furnish
estimates of the cost of. removing: . the
present roof and substituting' therefor, a
Mansard roof and story In accordance
with, the original design. •
Gigantic Shoe Deal Consummated.
To A. G. de Vincent, Esq., Manager Bee
Hive Shoe Co., 717 Market, near 3d st., S.
F.— Sir: Your offer of 30 cents on the dol
lar spot cash for entire lino of 200 cases
of ladles' shoes accepted. One hundred
cases already forwarded. Balance to fol
low immediately. Respectfully, Rochester
Shoe Company. •
MAYOR PHELAN GETS
NEWS FROM HOBSON
Lieutenant Is Disappointed at Not
Taking Part in Chinese
"War.
Mayor Phelan was in receipt yesterday
of a letter from Lieutenant Hobson from
Japan. In which he says: "You will be
pleased to know that our grand old Ore
gon Is safe In dock, and though severely
damaged will be ready for work in about
a month. The repairs, however, will not
be permanent."
Hobson . expressed disappointment at
having been refused permission to servo
with the marines ashofe during the Chin-
A Widow in Distress.
An effort Is being made by the friends
of the widow of Ernest Guildner, who
with his son was drowned a short time
ago, to aid her to secure the necessaries
of life. She has a girl 7 years old and is
not strong enough to support the little
one. A raffle for a kit of carpenter tools
used by. her husband has been started and
will be drawn on October B. John H. "W.
Muller, corner of Eleventh and Mission
streets.' has tickets on sale in his store.
Mrs. Guildner is deserving of monetary
assistance. .;'3SHBBSSMflHSBKBHBB!
Diseased Cattle Seized.
Chief Sanitary Inspector. Chalmers and
Officer Butterworth seized forty-two head
of cattle at Lombard-street wharf yester
day morning. The cattle are said to be
afflicted with tuberculosis and originally
were shipped from Valley Forge and came
by steamer from Sausallto. They were
driven by the inspectors to a stockyard
on Silver avenue and will be held in quar
antine until the tuberculin test can be ap
plied. They were consigned to A. Schaefer
of this city. •
FATHER M'QUAIDE
WILL LECTURE
The Rev. Father McQualde will deliver
an interesting lecture at the Young Men's
Institute rooms, Pioneer Building, on Mon
day, Sept. 3. taking for his subject "The
Philippines." The lecture will be under
the auspices of Council No. 35, Y. M. I.
A select musical programme has been ar
ranged for the evening and a large at
tendance is expected. -„
Juan-Eodolfo Farber Brings His Fi
anee Here From Mazatlan to
Be United in Marriage.
Juan Rodolfo Farber, agent of the Cali
fornia Powder Works at Mazatlan, Slna*
loa, Mexico,' and Miss Amelia L.. Holder-
ness of the same place -were married last
night in the Church of Nuestra Senora de
Guadalupe. The ceremony, which was
performed by Father Antonio, was wit
nessed by a large gathering of friends
and relatives. Special music was ren
dered and the rites were solemnized with
all the pomp and dignity of the church.
Dr. Eduardo Maldonado acted as best
man for the groom and the former's wife
acted as bridesmaid.
The mother and sister of the pretty
bride accompanied the groom and hH
sister from their distant home. The cere
mony was performed in this city so that
the relatives could join In the honeymoon.
The happy family will remain in this city
for a few days and then return to Mexico.
Immediately after the ceremony the wed
ding party adjourned to Tarditfs rotla
serie, where a sumptuous banquet was
The bride Is a beautiful and accom
plished young lady. She comes of a well
known and highly esteemed Mexican fam
ily and is considered the belle of her city.
The groom has been general agent of the>
California Powder Works for many year«.
He owns a number of paying mines In
Mazatlan and is very wealthy. He speaks
five different languages and is an accom
plished musician.
CAME FROM DISTANT
/ MEXICO TO BE UNITED
Judge Dunne Calls on Him to Produce
His Proofs, but He Fails to
Respond.
Thomas T. Townsend has awakened
from his dream of wealth. His applica
tion for letters of administration upon the
estate of his former wife, the late Mrs.
Almira Si Townsend, was denied by Judge
Dunne unJ formally dismissed yesterday.
Townsend's naked petition, in which he
averred that "as the surviving husband
of the deceased" he was entitled to let
ters, was the only evidence the claimant
could produce to show that he had any
legal right for consideration by the court,
and he judiciously refrained from swear
ing to his allegations.
Attorney G. Gunzendorfer represented
Mr. Townsend, while Mrs. Murray, who
contested the right of her father for let
ters, was represented by Sullivan & Sul
livan. Gunzendorfer claimed the petition
could not be legally considered apart from
those filed by Mrs. Murray and Public
Administrator Boland. Judge Dunne,
however, ordered him to produce his
proofs, but as Gunzendorfer was without
proof or legal right he allowed his case
to Ptand.
Judge Sullivan then thoroughly disposed
of Townsend' 1 petition by presenting the
records of the Massachusetts courts,
proving that Townsend wan divorced from
his wife in 1870. The records of the local
courts were also produced, showing that
Townsend again married and was divorced
in 1880, and that in 1SS3 he married again,
taking Josephine McGregor as his wife.
Mrs. Murray was. sworn and reiterated
her'testimony to the effect that she was
a daughter of the dcnused ami her sole
heir at lav. Judge Dunne then deniett
Townsend's petition and ordered, it dis
missed. ¦ Gunzendorfer, though . he met
with failure before the Supreme Court in
his effort to obtain a writ of prohibition,
will appeal again to that tribunal in an
effort to secure a decision remanding all
of the petitions to the Superior Court for
joint consideration.
TOWNSEND'S PETITION
FORMALLY DISMISSED
Will of the Late Emma L. S. Mangels
Has Been Filed for
Probate.
The, will of the late Emma L.. S. Man
gels was fllod for probate yesterday. De
cedent's estate was valued at about $250,-
000. Following are the bequests:
To Kmma Lemke, a niece. $125,000; to
Clara Lemke, a sister, $10,000; to Clara
Lemke, a niece. $10,000; to William Zwieg
and his daughters, Hpdwig and Minna,
$10,000 each; to Clara. Bertha and Walter
Zwieg, children of Herman Z.wicg, de
ceased, $10,000 each:' to George and Kric
Zwieg. $10,000 each; to Hans Zwipg. $10.
000; to Alice, Ernest C. and Oscar Hueter,
$10,000 each.
Decedent's interest in certain real es
tate, left hor by- her deceased husband,
Claus Mangels. Is devised to Agnes Till
mann and Frederick Tillmann. The res
idue is bequeathed In equal shares to the
devisees named. Frederick Tillmann Jr.
and Agnes Mangels are named as execu
tor and executrix of the will.
BEQUEATHED ALL HER
ESTATE TO RELATIVES
Street Work Recommended.
The Supervisors' Street Committee yes
terday reported in favor of the recom
mendation of tbe Board of Public Works
fixing the width of the sidewalk on tho
south side of Thirtieth street, between
Chenery and Dame. and also the
full acceptance of Potrero avenue, be
tween Twenty-third and Twenty-fourth
streets, and Herman street, between Web
ster and Buchanan, and the cross
ing of Hermann and Webster streets. Su
pervisor Dwyer expressed his intention ta
present an ordinance providing for the ac
quisition by the city of private property
on Potrero avenue, between Twent\ - -sixth
and Army streets. The avenue could then
be opened and sewered. In its present
condition It is a menace to the health of
the neighborhood.
O. T. Ajtwood, a contractor of Stockton,
is at the Grand.
Guy A. Buell. a lumberman of Stock
ton, is a guest of the Grand.
II. Eichwald. a banker of El Paso,
Texas, is registered at the Grand.
W. R. Keller, a well-known mining man
of Denver, is a guest at the Occidental.
Mrs. Elizabeth R.Follansbee. M. D.. of
Los Angeles is staying at the Occidental.
Captain ,Bufort of the United States
steamer Thomas is registered at the Cali
fornia. '»•;'¦
Jerome Case Bull of the "editorial staff
of Munsey's Magazine, is a' guest of the
California. ; ; ":
James R. Tapscott, a leading attorney
of Yreka, Is at the Occidental, accom
panied by his wife.
Mrs. Joseph D. Redding and Miss Jo
sephine Redding returned to the Palace
yesterday fro'm a visit to Monterey.
C. H. Eaton, agent of 'the Southern Pa
cific Company at Redlands, is in tho city
on his way to Portland, on a vacation.
E. D. Cuyler. a director of the Pennsyl
vania Railroad, is in the city. He will
leave for Monterey in a special car to
day.
F. J. Zeehandelaar. secretary of the
Merchants' Association of Los Angeles, is
at the Grand. He is here to attend the
jubilee.
Mr. and Mrs. Chauncey S. Truax and
family, prominent. society people of New-
York, have returned from the Yosemite.
They are at the Palace.
Francis Klein, one ot.the able lieuten
ants of Boniface Kirkpatrick of the Pal
ace, returned yesterday from a pleasant
outing at Byron Hot Springs.
S. -O. Howe, treasurer of. the Chicago
and Northwestern Railway, Is on a visit
to the coast. He left for Monterey In a
special car yesterday, accompanied by his
family.
William Kaufmann, one of the directors
of the Emporium and Golden Rule Ba
zaar, with his wife, son and F. Dernham.
left on the overland last evening for an
extended tour of the United States, Can
ada and Europe. The party expects to be
gone about a year. Their Itinerary in
cludes Portland." Seattle, the Canadian
Na-tional Park at Banff, Winnepef?. To
ronto, Montreal. New York City, Wash
ington, England, Scotland, Germany,
France and Italy.
Jay W. Adams, Pacific Coast agent of
the Nickel Plate line, has returned from
a trip to Salt Lake. lie reports the rail
road business exceedingly lively In that
section. Travel to the north and west
from that point Is so heavy that it is al
most impossible to secure passenger cars
to accommodate it. He says that it is evi
dent that the Salt Lake and Los Angeles
line will be built, and that It la only a
question of a short time when the Bur
lington will be at Ogden, as the latter line
i3 building rapidly in that direction.
PERSONAL MENTION.
ese war, for which service he had mad*
application. He was assigned by Admiral
Remey to attend to the saving of the>
Oregon. His eyes have given him som<>
trouble since reaching the Orient, and tu>
is being treated at the hospital at Nag
asaki.
talking to her husband and nine-year-old
daughter, Jumped from the upper deck.
The ferry-boat was quickly stopped, but
before the crew launched the life-saving
boat the woman was picked up by an
Italian fisherman, who was cruising about
in a skiff. The fisherman managed to
keep Mrs. McReavy above water until the
Newark's boat reached him. She was
taken back to the ferry-boat, where she
was placed in charge of Dr. Annio Peck,
who was a passenger aboard the Newark.
Mr. McReavy had just turned away
from hla^wife to add»ess a lady standing
near them when the demented woman
suddenly leaped from the deck.
Dr. Peck had Mrs. McReavy conveyed to
the Lane Hospital, where it was found
that she was none the worse for her tem
porary immersion and will probably be
able to leave to-day.
Mrs. McReavy's 'relatives noted with joy
last night that the cloud which has rested
on her mind seems to be lifted and she
is much more cheerful than has been the
case for some time.
" Mrs. McReavy is the wife of Levrett I...
McReavy. a locomotive engineer, who re
sides at 716 J Street, Tacoma. She has
been ill for some time and also brooding
much over the recent death of her brother,
Thomas Jordan of Oakland, who went to
the Klondike last year, where he passed
away, a victim of pneumonia. Frederick
Jordan, manager of the Crellln Hotel,
Oakland, is another brother of the un
happy woman. Mrs. McReavy has been
for some time In Oakland. Her husband
brought her down from their home in Ta
coma in the hope that the change would
prove beneficial to her impaired health.
Speaking of his sister's attempt at self
destruction last night, Frederick Jordan
said:
"There is one result from my sister's
mad act that makes me hone that all
was for the best. After seeing her to
night I am convinced that In some way
the shock of her Immersion has done for
her mind what doctors have tried in vain
to accomplish."
well is the recorder, with its membership
of 150 in light suits and each wearing a
red fez. These will oJTer an Arabic wel
come and then they will escort the visit
ors, who are to be furnished with car
riages and horses, to the Volcano House,
thirty milej distant. The visitors are to
have a Shriners' welcome there and a din
ner that will be a dinner.
The next day the vis'tors .will be take,n
to the crater of Halemaumau (the
house of fire), which in certain parts 13
in a state of eruption. This Is three miles
from the hotel. Upon the return the vis
itors and their hosts will visit a place
called Cocoanut Island, where they will
be treated to a Hawaiian dinner. The rel
ishes of the 'native dinner will be served
up in dishes made of cocoanut shells and
no knives or forks will be provided. The
hungry Shriners and their ladies will have
to do as the natives did in days of yore —
use their fingers. After the native dinner
the visitors will be escorted back to the
steamer and they will set sail for Hon
olulu.
.-On the trip to the islands an organiza
tion, which Is an auxiliary to the Shrin
ers and which had its origin in New York
City will be instituted on the Zealandia.
It is known as the Daughters of Isis and
only those who are wives, mothers, sisters
or daughters of Shriners are eligible to
membership. A peculiarity of this asso
ciation is that it has no official head and
no officers, those being selected as occa
sion demands and only for the time for
which the body is called together. A num
ber of eligibles have already planned a
programme for the trip. They have se
cured a live goat for the purpose of go
ing through the ceremony of initiation.
The ceremonies will be for the benefit
of the Shriners, who. will be asked to
"hold on to the rope" while the victim or
victims are carried over the specially im
ported hot sands 1 from the desert. The
initiation i$ said to be an elaborate one
and it is asserted that many a Shrlner
will feel chagrined that by reason of sex
he will be debarred from taking the de
gree.
In return for the entertainment that
the Daughters of- Isis will furnish, the
Shriners, through the entertainment com
mittee, which is composed of Charles
'Spauldlng. II. D. Loyeland and J. A.
March, will on the trip provide amuse
ment, consisting of muslcales, concerts,
mock trials, mock initiations and mock
fishing. ' One of the defendants already
selected . to undergo 9. mock trial i'3
"Uncle" Hiram T. Graves, recorder of
Islam Temple, who is to be charged with
having told more fish stories without
blushing than any other man of his years
in the temple.
barkentine Fremont, from Unga with 175,
000 codfish, and the schooners Rosamond
and Robert R. Hind, from Hawaii with
sugar, were also among the fleet. Passing
in the Hind made a very pretty picture as
she led the fleet under all sail.
Fell Two Stories.
William Huprhes, who lives at 926 Naio
ma street, had a narrow escape from
death yesterday. He was engaged in do
ing some repair work at the Standard Bl«
cuit Company's factory, on Pacific and
Front streets, when he missed his footing
and fell to the pavement below. He was
hurried to the Harbor Hospital, where it
was found that he had escaped with a
fracture of the collarbone and right jaw
bone.
Hunter of Moonshiners.
Deputy United States Marshal Abe
Adler of New York called upon
Captain Dunlevy at the harboa
police station yesterday. He . has
not been here for twenty-flve yeari,
but nevertheless has a host of friends in
San Francisco. Ike Tuchler. an ex-police
man and now cne of the proprietors of
the Merchants' Inn, is his cousin and Abe
will be his guest during his stay in this
city. Deputy Marshal Adler was appoint
ed under Cleveland's lirst administration.
He has been in dozens of fights with the
moonshiners and had a couple of encount
ers with the Jesse James gang. He is
covered with scars, and can perhaps show
more places where moonshiners' bullets
have struck him than any other man in
the United States. Deputy Marshal Adler
will remain here until the celebration is
over and will then go back to New York.
Steamer Washtenaw Overdue.
A dispatch from Tacoma announces that
the steamer Washtenaw is forty-eight
hours overdue at that port and that fears
are entertained for her safety. The Wash
tenaw l*ft this city for Tacoma on Auguit
£4. She was iecently chartered by the
Southern Pacific Company to transport
coal for use on its roads. .When she sailed
no passengers wefe aboard of her. ¦ Her
crew consists of about twenty men.
The Pitcairn to Be Sold.
United States District Judge de Ha\*jn
yesterday approved of the report of
United States CommisMonpr Morse find
ing that the brigantine Pitcairn owed $550
to Manuel Joseph and other plaintiffs and
ordered that the vessel be sold to sat
fy the Judgment.
X.
In the early days of the world the wants
of men were few and simple, and every
one satisfied his wants largely by his own
efforts. Such a life was independent but
wasteful. "When man began to limit his
labor to fewer things and to make ex
changes of surplus products a long step
had been taken in human progress. The
division of labor brought about by these
exchanges gave rise to factories, and an
other vast economy In the use of human
labor was established.
The extent of this economy may be
shewn more clearly by two or three Illus
trations. One person with a hand loom
could weave from forty-two to forty
eight yards daily; with six-power looms
his product was increased to 1500 yards
dally. One person in a man's boot fac
tory will annually make 1500 pairs of boots
and shoes, and in a woman's shoe factory
3000 pairs. One man with a cotton gin
can do the work of 99& men by hand in
getting the seed out of the cotton. One
man in Dakota can annually produce 550)
bushels of wheat, and, keeping 1000 bush
els for seed, the remainder, by labor
equivalent to that of one man for one
year, can be made Into flour and put into
barrels. The 1000 barrels thus produced
can be sent to New York by rail by two
men during the same period. Moreover,
the four thus working would have time
left to keep the machinery of the farm,
the mill and the railroad In repair. Three
moro in a year could bake this quantity
into bread, and, as the annual ration for
a person is a barrel of flour, the farm
hand, the miller, the two carriers and the
three bakers could supply 1W0 persons
with bread. •
One of the consequences of thus organ
izing labor for manufacturing purposes is
to deprive many, for a while at least, of
employment. Another is that the manu
facturer, without lessening the reward
paid to tho laborer thus employed, is able
to sell his products at greatly reduced
prices. And then, too, tne consumer Is
able to buy more. If, for example, a yard
cf cloth can be bought for 25 per cent less
in consequence of the use of labor-saving
machinery, the consumer has 25 per cent
more to spend In other ways or for larger
quantities of things he bought before. A
larger quantity, therefore, is needed to
satisfy the larger demand, and the labor
set free in the beginning is recalled to sat
isfy the new demand. This is no imag
inary consequence; it was seen long ago.
The lower prices result in releasing a por
tion of the consumer's earnings, which in
turn is spent for a larger quantity of the
same or other' things, and to produce
these more laborers are needed. When,
therefore, the full cycle of changes caused
by using machinery has been completed
the laborers set free in the beginning are
at work, prices have been lessened, the
power of consumers has become greater,
and they can satisfy more of their wants
than they could before. Of course this
movement between the discharge and re
employment of labor is not regular; some
times It comes quickly, sometimes it is
long delayed and great suffering ensues,
and in some cases it never comes.
Another consequence of the modern sys
tem of manufacturing is the creation of
large factories. In the olden time a fac
tory was unknown, except the trading
factory of ancient story. The spinning
wheel was in every house. What a con
trast between that day and ours! Now
huge plants have risen, generally owned
by companies, for manufacturing iron,
textile fabrics and everything except the
choice works of thought and art. Even
the field of literature has been Invaded In
many directions, and books written to
order are printed on paper and with ma
chinery made to order form a large por
tion of the literary wares of the day.
The drawing together of thousands un
der a single roof has given rise to another
consequence of which no one dreamed In
the primitive days of factories — labor or-
ganizatlons. They are the legitimate off*
spring of large factories. Before they
rose a trades union was unknown; when
the manufacturer drew under the same
roof a large number of men what was
more natural than that they should come
to know each other and compare wages
and modes of living and in due time form
a society for their mutual advantage'
This was the origin of these associations.
Are these great manufacturing enter
prises schools of knowledge? Like nearly
everything else in this world, good ami
evil come from them. Much is learned
that is both helpful and harmful. It
could not be otherwise. It Is often said
that the work of those employed is more
dreary because it is limited to a single
motion or operation. A person tends a sin
gle machine or moves a lever or performs
some other exceedingly simple act. The
amount of skill that he puts forth In dolnsj
this is almost nothing, but if his" brain is
not used up In tending a machine there in
more left for other uses. If we look, for
instance, into a great watch factory what
would we see? Machines everywhere for
making this complicated mechanism. But
the work Is so minutely subdivided that
almost every one Is doing a very simple
thing, making a hols in a plate, cutting
wheels and the like. Only a very small
number of persons in the entire concern
possess much skill— those who design the
machinery, make the springs, bake the
enamel on the faces and assemble th*»
parts. A person applies for work and
within a week she is as skillful a3 though
she had worked for years. Now this 13
one of the good features of subdividing
labor in the manufacture of so many
groducts; persons can more easily learn
ow to do well their little task. Now, few
possess the skill to make a watch; those
who are able to make a part of a watch
»in a factory except the few thing* de
scribed above are numberless. If. there
fore, the modern system of manufactur
ing minimizes the skill of most of those
who- are employed it enables a vast num
ber possessing very little skill to get em
ployment.
There is another consequence perhaps
not often considered— the great risk of
loss, partly from the breaking and wear
ing out of machinery, and far more from
the Invention of better. Thirty years agi>
a large worsted mill In New England was
built and fitted with the most Improved
machinery. Hardly had it beer, put into
operation" before a new method of spin
ning worsted was invented. It was a very
Important invention, and if the company
continued to use its machinery it coulii
not manufacture as fine goods nor at so
low a cost a3 could a new mill with th*>
improved, machinery. The directors did
Hot wait long. They threw out nearly
$1,000,000 worth of machinery and put in
the new, and the old mills which had not
the courage to do this and continued to
make Inferior goods and at higher price
lost far more in the end. Every manufac
turer runs a risk of this* nature: never
before was human Ingenuity so stretched
to improve the methods of manufacture
and to diminish the cost of manufacturing
in order to gain an advantage over com
petitors. Machinery to the value of many
millions Is thrown aside every year to put
In other that can be run with greater
economy. That which Is thrown aside Is
a waste or loss which cannot be lessened;
it must be incurred or a still heavier loss
will result.
This accounts in part for the constant
rebuilding of manufacturing enterprises.
Some are required a3 a consequence of the
growth of the country; far more to take
the place of these that are worn out or
antiquated. Not many years ago the pro
duction of an iron furnace was 230 tons a
week, to-day it is 2000 tons, and the- fur
nace costs between 1300,000 and {-tOO.OOO to
build. The old furnace Is a thing of the
past, though many in a dismantled condi
tion may still be seen in the iron dis
tricts, reminders of a day that is forever
gone. :V.' K ¦;,; ._:
Note— This study, by Dr. Albert S. Bolles
of Haverford College, will be concluded on
Friday next.
COMPARATIVE STUDIES OF T\A/O CENTURIES.
Copyright, 1900, by Seymour Eaton.
There was a pretty sight in the Golden
Gate yesterday morning. Quite a fleet of
sugar boats arrived. Among them was
the new ship Paramita, twenty-five days
from Lahaina. She was purchased In the
East by San Francisco parties and this is
her first voyage to thi3 port. Captain
Backus, who Is in command, is one of the
best known masters In California, The
Many Sugar Boats Make Port in a
Bunch — Famous Hunter of
Moonshiners Sere for
Celebration. '
William Hughes Falls Two
. Stories to the Pave
ment. •
NEWS FROM THE
OCEAN AND THE
WATER FRONT
A plunge taken with suicidal Intent from
the upper deck of the ferry-boat Newark
by Mrs. I... McReavy yesterday morning
may be the means of restoring her mind,
weakened by sickness and trouble, to a
healthy condition.
Just as the Newark was pulling out
from Oakland on her 10:15 trip Mrs. Mc-
Reavy, who a moment before had been
Hysterical With Worry Over Death
of Her Brother Mrs. L. Me- j
Heavy of Tacoma Jumps
Overboard. /
Futile Attempt at Suicide
From the Ferryboat .
Newark.
PLUNGE INTO
BUY MAY BRING
BACK REASON
THE^ SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, AUGUST 31, 1900.
Advices recently received from the Ha
waiian Islands are to the effect that the
Shriners who are getting ready to go to
the Paradise of the Pacific <jn an excur
sion will receive a most hearty reception
at Hilo. The excursionists will be met
at that place by the Aloha Temple of
Shriners of Honolulu, of which Dr. C. B.
Wood is the potentate and J. G. Rock-
On the Trip to Honolulu the Daugh
ters of Isis Will Organize and
Initiate Candidates for
Shriners.
Native Dinner on Cocoanut
Pfates— No Knives or
Forks Allowed.
WELCOME FOR
SHRINERS ON
MAUI ISLAND
FLEET OF SUGAR BOATS FROM HAWAII MAKING PORT.
Sudden Death of Stableman Hund.
Ben Hund, a stableman, 65 years old,
was found dead at 6:15 o'clock yesterday
morning In his rooni, back of v a stable at
159 Clementina street. Heart disease wai
the cause of death.
Prepare for the Celebration.
American and bear, flags, bunting:, col
ored; crepe papers In .'td. .white.' blue and
yellow, shields and- other decorations of
every - description, for sale by • Sanborn,
Vail & Co., 741 Market street. •
THE CALL'S
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
GROWTH OF MANUFACTURING INDUSTRIES.
7
DR. BENNETFS ELECTRIC BELT
Makes weak ir.en and women stronsr and
strong men and women stronger. Adress 47
POST ST.. rooms S anS 6, San Francisco. Cal.
DB. GROSSMAN'S SPECIFIC MIXTURE
For the cure of GONORRHOEA. GLUET8,
(STRICTURES and nnaJatous complaints of. ths
Organs of Generation.
Price Jl a bottle. For ' m!« by tiru~sltU.
GRAND HOTEL
Kan Francisco. Aug. 26. 1S00.
P N4» ~- WJ<> Whom It May Concern;
L^ Y 7 :la '» to certify that I have
Pt» j> lKen t'lfTerlnc for several years
14f* 7 • |' a ?t t.-orn disordered stomach.
livfr a.d kidneyK. In addition.
\ ' C *U"? nlm'Ft totally blind.
fTjO ry^"** *-V ¦ ' -^ l nder the care of the
/BMfct''M$* ln ' J! ' 1 Pn -nent oculUts in this
r"t I hav.'V^ n ln t j le^«t by their treat-
Woo v«^.-V'" >r b « treatment of Dr.
v,Z;* a.?,?',,:""*!- V ay Btp> «t- tor tbe pa«t six
r'-h H? hl^^ 1 am nov M years of age my
Jf-lhe rtoSTc h TSSFf th r u 8 h Iils treatment
tlmrSurtSTtVe £S l*%™ «*» a « at any
-JOS. r.. TT ATKINS.
* . *^> Tn:rd stxv^t* 6. F.» O&1>
aw "Patents' 2 ' *
It Is universally acknowledged that the.se
hotels possess tbe attributes that appeal
to particular people — undoubted luxury and
comfort, unsurpassed cuisine and service
and superior appointments and location.
Connected by a covered passaceway and
oz>eraU'd under one management on the
American and" European plans.
PALACE HOTEL
Avian OR- JORDAN'S creat^
iHUSEUffl OF AHATOHYi
a Cfo 1551k'4£ETSS.tot.e4ft?i,C.f.Ca.i
T or The LtreextAnatMBical Museum in tbe \
m ' »n~-- V/o«d. Weiknerso* or any contracted A
1. fESsSa rf"f»-<- pr'"'"'" rarad by the oldest £
A 8&%9h OR. JORDAN-PRIVATE fOISEASES
• f Cwwoltstion free »nd strictly private. \
U I bitVxft Tr< HBent personally or by I'lter. A M
W R ff nU Po* twe Cure in every case undertik»n. \
Ati If II& Write for BonU. pniLOtiUraY «f £
9*7 J' nanniAGE, mailed frxs. '.Aw
¦ A A (I, valuable book for nwa) \
9 OB. JTOKDAN &€O., 1051 Market 8t.,&F. f
§VIM, VIGOR, VITALITY for MEN
¦ MORMON BISHOP'S PILLS
ha\-e been In use over fifty
years by the leaders ¦ of the
Mormon Church and their fol-
lowers. Positively cures the
¦worst cases in old and young-
arising from effects of self-
ab'is». dissipation, excesses or
ciicarette-smoklns. Cures I>ost
Manhood. Impotency, Lost
Power. Nluht Losses. Infiom-
nla. Pains In Back, Evil Desires. Lame Back.
Nervous Debility, headache. Unfltness to Mar-
ry Loss of Semen, /mm Varicocelo or Con-
stipation. Stops ne *3 tM rvous Twitching
of Eyelids. Effects r^jjTLa r e Immediate.
Impart vicnr an"*'* 11 ' 1 ' s potency to every
function. Don't ret despondent: a cure la at
hand. Restores small, undeveloped organs.
Stimulates the brain and nerve centers; 50c a
box" 6 for 12 fiO by mall. A written miarnntee to
cure or money refunded with 6 boxes. Circulars
free. Adrtress BISHOP REMEDY CO.. 40 Ellis
st.. San Francisco, Cal.. GRANT DRUG CO..
S8 end 40 Third st.
Usually with long-lived folk the body 13
long and the lpgs short.
¦ RAINLESS DENTISTRY I €>£&\
>|^ No Plates Required. .ji£f
OCR IJKMOVABLE BRIDGE WORK IS
beautiful and durable. Warranted 10 years
Our jr. platea fit likt a glove.
Our method tor painless extracting la patented
and utod by no other dentist on the Pacific
Coast.
RRICE LIST FOR 3O DAYS!
Painless Extraction 25o
Removable Bridgework f.'t.OO
A malgam 5Oc
Mrs. Dr. R. L. Walsh will attend to the chil-
dren's teeth— painlessly.
DR. R. L. \A/AL_SH.
S15H GEARY STREET, between Hyde and
Larkir. -Telephone Polk 1135.
MCNYWS INHALER
,«s|£5j|*v CURES
W~Jjk CATARRH
\^^t Colds > Coughs,
.^Ai^pkj2-» Hay Fever, Bron-
15 ' Asthma
W°i theThroatand
C3ca<33 cf Medlcate'l Vapor are Inbaled
ttrouch tbe couth and emitted from tho non-
trils. clce^Jng and Tcporiziafr all tbe iDflamed
EDd diseased parts whl'-h cannot be> reached br
rzs<H"lnc taken Into tbe BtoDa<"h.
' It recches the sore tpote—It heals tlw raw
jilcrrs— It fjves to the trat of diieat"— It nets n*
tfbalm andtonie. tn fhr u-bo!'- *v*t<Tn—$t.00at
tlrusirixl* ortrrt b;;rnail. 1505 Arch. St., Phila-
GRAND TVALLT OF VAUDEVILLES
STRONGEST FORCES.
YOSCARY~TROUPE t
Lavender and Thomson, ThsTobins,
NEWSKY TROUPE,
LEW HAWKIN? CAROLINE HULL. ARNIM
ANT> WAGNER. MACART'S GREAT
ANIMAL SHOW. HIOGHAPH.
Referred seat?. 5Sc; balcony. 10c; opera chairs
«r,4 box seats, B0d
Mctinees Wedr."?3ay. Saturday and Sunday.
SOCIAL SUiiNttl.OSDAY. Sept. 3.
LABOR DAY.
tf^f HEATRE A r
LAST THREE NIGHTS.
FLORENCE J Jr*CC^X ij
«OBE«TS FPtOXJ
MATTNEE TO-MORROW. SATURDAY.
SEATS NOW READY
NEXT WEEK. Beginning
LABOR DAY MATINEE.
IT>nO7JiY DORR AND HOWARD HALX. tn
"THE MASQUERADERS."
T* fa 1 "^ a & lisPiUF*& TMEATTL3
FAREWFXL PERFORMANCES.
TO-NIGHT. SATURDAY MATINEE and SAT-
URDAY NIGHT. •
CHARLES FROHMAN Presents
HENRY MILLER
Ar.-l a SPECIAL COMPANY in
The ONLY WAY
Bprir.r.Ine NEXT MONDAY. ¦ ,
<~LAY CLEMENT and L. R. 5=Tr«'KWEI>L.
J-ufporJed by a Ftronir Comr*iiy in an Adapta-
lins" "No ThorourhTare."- Entitled
.• ¦ . "A CHEAT OBSTACLE."
Fra.t5 nor.- r»>ady — JJ. TJ. 50. S and Zi cents.
' ~~~~ : ~ _^_ ~, ~ *
TO-STIGHT AND FATCnDAT EVENIXO j
"THE MASKED BALL"
Ku?*n, Ferrari. Nicoiini. Zanl. Repetto, Pole-
tini an<l Lichter.
EATCRDAT MATINEE and SUXDAY NIGHT,
"TANNHAUSER."
;">y^y-.?"-BABK0N' bebthald
>FXT WEEK- "CARMEN' —"ERNAM"
'¦ . POPULAR miCEP. 2S and .'A cents.
-.. Telephone Bush *.
CJ3A.ND OPERA HOUSE
.NPMrgSMfWar&K PANY
-Vatin?:k.- TO-MORROTT AND MONDAY.
LAST THRF.K NIGHTS.
N>xt «.-);, ;„; ff wiiton Lackij-e. By. get-
¦ '. eral request.
"CHILDREN OF THE GHETTO"
¦ rr ,t n , d /' TR ! LBY -"
¦ •¦ •. pm< KP-ifr, irr, 2>. $oc. .
A frtv fr, -nt rtnrt U\ orchestra,. T5c
Branch Ticket Offl^»— Emporium.
CHUTES AND^Z00. e^eV2iT
inr, VAuniniLLE phow.
SEABIUkV; cli^h Diver.
TO-70RR0W NIGHT-
SAPHO AND A MONSTER
CAKEWALK.
Te>r.l:nn« for Peatf, Park ?3.
SHERMAN-CLAY HALL,
~3 PUTTEIt, ABOVE KEARNT.
FAREWELL RECITAL
PALOSVIA^SCHRAMSYI.
AfjiFted by Her Sister KAKLA.
EaTUBDAT AFTERNOON. September
1st. at 2:20 o'clork.
H>^ r-c-pil Fe&ts nt>c and T3e.
On Sale at Sherman. Clay & Co.'b.
concert house.
l^nlilt D AdmU.-oa IO=.
..«'.;.• ar^ Mart. Vie W. Guion. Maud Still.
T.toijV.. vit'-i m . Eudora Forile. Little Verna Fel-
t'-n. J !.-, ]x>i;nore and New Moving lectures.
__J>s^vea Seals. 25c: Matinee, Sundky.
6UTRO B«THS.
OPEN NIGHTS.
O;>en Laily Frcm 7 a. in. to II p. m.
Hal hit- Krnni 7 a. m. ta 10 p. m.
ADMISSION. I0c. CHILDREN. 5c.
Bnthlr.g. Inciting admleglon. Zic. Children 20c
HENRY C^ORCE'S BIRTHDAY.
HON. JAM» q, MAGUIRB will deliver the
'J^l'^i Addro.- by JOSEPH LEGGETT and
;t£LL-£ N " ,J' o ' j TKR. MI.«^ KLLA V. Me
-•Vi T- x<>r " a1^. HOWELL'8 Orchestra.
-¦'-troiH-.luan T.-rt, .i e , Saturday Evening. Sep-
mb*r tot. « p. u. public cordially Invited.
5 HOURS
AT THIS DELIGHTFUL RENDEZVOUS.
BATH HOUSE ON BAY SHORE.
SWIMMING IN THE SURF.
AMPLE TIME TO TAKE THE CELE-
BRATED EIGHTEEN-MILE DRI\ E.
Train leaves San Francisco, Third and
Townsend st. depot. 8 a. m. Returning, leaves
Pacific Grove, 4:45 r- n>.
Residents of Oakland, Alameda and Berkeley
should take the £ a. m. local for San Francisco.
SPECIAL, EXCURSION TICKETS
Will be placed on sale at 013-Market st.-013
(Grand Hotel ticket office). August I?. 30. 31,
and September 3. and at Third and Townsend
and Valencia street depots on morning of the
excursion.
Monterey
Pacific Grove
Del Monte
SUNDAY 0
SEPTEMBER L
Round ¦ B
Tickets i P f / J A _
if
UNDER THE PERSONAL SUPERVISION OF
• WM. H. MENTON. EXCURSION PAS-
SENGER AGENT SOUTHERN
TACIFIC COMPANY.
TO
EXCURSION
REMEMBER! :
To-morrow, sa »
Will Be the
lpSF//?ST '-. ¦ ¦
'¦MJmMbIG- NiGHt.
i^iWS At 8:30 Sharp! -
i??WfW FOLSOM and;
isSJililLfi 16TH STREETS.
AXD-i-
Pain'sllOOO Fireworks!
NIOHTLT FOR TWO WEEKF.
EXCEPTING- SUNDAY. SEPTEMBER 1-
SEATS KOH 10.000.
rniCE^— Se. Wo. 'Hk- and tl.00
Cl.i'Mren. First • Feu r Xights Only. lJo and 25c.
Rot p.r.i *>ra3<l Ptand Seats Now on Sale at
fy-<"-xan. CI8V.& Co/».
AMUSEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
\IU. X. HESS,
XCTARY ?3JL!3 1HJ ArrSitNSy-Ar-LA*.
Tenth Floor. Room 1015. Claus Spreckela Bide.
Telephone Brown 031.
Residence. $21 California »t.. below PoweU.
San Francisco.
j For Shortening ]
\ and Frying 1
I NEVER becomes strong ;.
I or rancid, |
t r
r 5
¦- .
) doesn't. ¦
' It's sweet, clean, whole- I
I some always.
I Our word for it, and all
I others who know. ;
c Ask vour grocer or write
I India Refining Co. j
i Philadelphia. Pa. £
I you can I
ga wear made-to-order suits |||
raj and look just an stylish as H
19 your friends— without mucii w%
fij expense If you go to Joe F'i
fcS Poheim. the Tailor. M
5*3] I make finely tailored suits G;!
j-j for what you would have to s'J
*3i pay for ready-made. *3
ES Is it advisable for you to M
Jf3 wear "hand-me-downs" when Kg
KSj the following -prices for per- n
fig fect-flttinp suits are rre- 24
Eg sentcd before you? M
H FIXE OXFORD ff t -7 Sft *-
|3 G R A T SUITS, *| h»" i>-}
i"4 very stylish ?' O
?l ELEGANT BLUE CirM H
fcl ANJ> BLACK * I Jy*" S3
CHEVIOTS ±v Fjj|
fl FINE WORSTED Ca*a JJfl f 1
1% SUITS, for dres3 */{P« M
¦i'A purposes 13
£3 NOBBY OVER- €/*/» fifl M
£vl COATS, latest *
« VERT STYLISH C i Sft ' J
HB PANTS, desirable v^ 3J «
|yj Every garment guaranteed.
\M--Mflcnt6\St\Time Ball.
Branch HydrogrBphic Office, IT. S. N.. Mer
chants/ Exchange, San Francisco, Cal.,
Aurust 29. 1300.
Th« time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
1. •.. at soon of the 120th meridian, or at S
o'clock p. m., Greenwich time. ¦ •
C. G. CALKTN3.
Lieutenant Commander. IT. 9. X.. in charir*.
Shipping Intelligence.
LOCAL MARKETS.
EASTERN MARKETS.
AUGUST. 1300.
Foreign Futures.
Xczv York Stock Market.
XEW YORK, Aug. SO.— The tarty promise
cf Btrenfth in tfae stock raarket to-day was
net maintained and after a brief period of
pome activity ar.d firmness prices began to
decline aguin and the business tapered down
to the ir.Fignincant propcrtlor.s which have
become normal. Traders rightly concluded
that this Indicated that yesterday's advance
was due to nothing more than a covering of
t-hort contracts, ending the approaching three
days' holiday. The Steel group especially dis
appointed the hopes that a bull movement
•was ucder way by developing a heavy tone.
{Heel and Wire falling back over a point. The
American Tin Plate and the American Hoop
stocks were excewior.s and fhow good gains
tor the day. There was no news to account
for the relapse . in the group, the reports at
hand chowing a jrrrwlng demand for many
grades of iron products. There wae a desul
tory speculation in Sugar, which lifted it at
une time over a point aiter the announcement
¦was made of an advance In the price of re
fined sugar. But the pain vu almoM entirely
¦wiped out by the time the market closed.
ttrenKth in th» London market helped the
market here, causing a number of sharp frac
tional cains in tli*- international shares, but
London reacted during the day and theee stocks
lost their advantage in sympathy. The rail
road statements fcr July, which appeared to
day, counteracts the favorable effect of ye»
teruay's Fhowing by the St. Paul Company,
the higher level cf operating expenses serv
ing to bring down the net earnings In the
cases of Bur.ington. Northern Paciflc and
Souihern Railway, while Cleveland. Columbus
nrioir.nati and St. Louis Faved only a smali
ran of its cross Increase for net eaml.izs
The explanations which were offered for the
l:eavlne»s of stocks formed Bubmltutes for news
to eorae extent. For instance, there was some
renewed Folicitude exprfFsed regarding the fu
ture of the money market. The fact that the
JJar.k of Knglar.d hnd apain offered interest on
Bold in transit gave ground for the expecta
tion that the export movement of gold may
¦hqrUJr be renewed. Ft.-rling exchange rose a
ftsdkn in Xew York anl throe months' bills
In London -were advanced.
Th» market cloxed dull and heavy at a ren
ertlly lo-.ver level of prices.
. Kinds were dull and irrrp-jjar. Total sales
j.ar. value, J1.471.C-00. United States refunding
¦Us: when issued, and the new 4( declined >2
. ; £>er cent !n the bid price. '*
NEW YORK STOCK LIST
'^T* c ,' CloflnR
.S<>1(1. Stocks— Bjd 1 .
5.1S5 AtchlFon 2S*
4.!'2O Atehison prefd 7«t/
¦ 1.1T0 Baltimore & Ohio \\ 7 i»?
Canadian Paciflc gS
' Canada Southern" 49V4
100 «*heRai>eake & Ohio.'. 27"
-. Cfcieaso Great Western H
2.KM Chicago Burlington & Qulncy 1^5
200 Chicago Ind & Louisville »3V
....... Chfrago Ind &. Loulsvtll- prefd 67%
Chicago & Eastern Illinois $e>4
Chicago & Northwestern.. ics
X.6M Chicago Rock Island & Paciflc. .....1O6\
C C C & St Lou!* iSVi
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour.
! steady: No. 3 spring wheat. 74c; No. 2 red.
i 75'ic; Xo. 2. corn, 40%@41c; Xo. 2 yellow, 41@
i 41>ic; Xo. 2 oats. 22@22%c; Xo. 2 white,' 24H@
j 25',-ic; No. 3 white, 23%ig"25Uc; good feeding
barley. 37<jf39c; fair to choice malting, 42S46c;
j No. 1 flaxse^. $1 40; No. 1 Northwestern, >J1 41;
prime timothy seed, $4 10@4 25; mess pork, per
bbl. $llf 11 05; lard, per 100 lbs. $6 65Q6 67%,
short ribs sides (loose). $6 93<57 30; dry salted
shoulders (boxed), 6%Q6?ic: short clear sides
(boxed), $7 45@7 55; whisky, basis of high wines.
$1 24%; Micar, unchanged; clover, contract
I grade, $9 75@10.
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat Xo. 2— »
August 74*i 75% 74% UK.
September 74»i 75H " 74\4 74%
October 75% •. 76% 75% 75»i
Corn Xo. 2—
August 42 42 40% 40?£
I September 4Q>£ 41U 40 40
: October 3S& 40 3S% 3S?4
I Oats No. 2 —
i August 21% 21% 21H 21H
September 21% 21=i 21^ 21Vi
October 22H 22Vi 22 22
Mess Pork, per bbl—
September ;.-10 S5 11 02H 10 83 10 95
October 10 95 11 12H 10 »5 11 07H
January 11 05 11 17V4 11 03 11 15
Uard, per 100 lbs—
September 6 62V4 6 70 6 62>4 6 67»4
October 6 67% 6 75 6 67V4 6 72%
January B 60 6 57% 6 60 6 65
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs—
September 7 00 7 01V, 7 00 7 07%
October 7 00 7 02% 7 00 7 00
January* -••• 5 82% 5 90 ¦ 6 S2% 6 90 !
CHICAGO. Aug. 30.— Wheat was moderately
active and marked by irregularity. Septem
ber opened %c lower at 74&@74%c and sold
off to 7414c during early trading. This was
due to disappointment over Liverpool cables,
which showed a small decline in the advance
here yesterday. Holders unloaded some of
their stuff and found few takers until %c had
been conceded. At this Juncture St. Louis
•wired that 140.000 bushels had been sold for
export. This caused a shifting of sentiment
and September rallied to 7SMtC The St. Louis
news had aroused hopes that the sale there
was but the forerunner of other sales. This,
however, was not forthcoming. It was even
said foreigners were Belling here and conse
quently speculative feelings suffered another
change and the market dropped to 74V4c. The
close was rather weak, September %@hc down
at 74"ic
Corn -was strong and weak by turns. The
volume of trade was not large although at
times trade was quite active. September closed
lc lower at 40c.
Traders In oats were engaged for the most.
part In changing. September closed Me lower
at 21* 4 @21»4e.
Provisions were moderately active and closed
firm. The opening was easy, but a good cash
demand sprang up and the feeling became
stronger. September closed 6c over yesterday ;
lard a shade up and ribs 5c higher. '
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — $4 85
Sterling Exchange, sight *....— 4 88V4
Sterling Cables — 4 8954
New York Exchange, • sight.*..... — 05
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 0"H
Fine Silver, per ounce — 61%
Mexican Dollars, nominal... — 49
• Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT — New York and Paris were weak.
Cargoes on passage were 3d higher.
Chicago was a shade lower, under weaker
foreign advices. The local operators sold mod
erately, but Cudahy was reported buying, and
this, coupled with a good foreign demand and
further rains predicted in the Xorthwest, hard
ened the market again and produced increased
activity. Receipts continued to decrease and
the feeling toward the close was bullish. St.
Louis reported 150,000 -bushels taken for er->ort
and the Milwaukee millers paid 77c for new No.
1 Northern spring. There is an estimated de
crease in Northwestern stocks this week of S30.
000 bushels. Trading was mostly in October,
with a moderate demand for December.
Futures in this market opened firmer, but
closed weaker. Spot prices were unchanged.
Spot Wheat-Shipping, $1 05; Milling, $1 074
01 10.
Informal Session — 9:15 o'clock — December—
20.000 ctls, $1 u?i; 20», $1 u%; May-2000, $1 16% :
8000.. $1 16$;.
Second Session— December— 14,000 ctls, $1 11H:
2C00. $1 im.
Regular Morning Session — December — 6000 ctls,
$110%.-
Afternoon Session— December— 4000 ctls, {1 10%;
4000, $1 10%; 6000. $1 10% ; May— 2000, $1 15H.
BARLEY — Though sales of Feed were made
at a recovery to former prices, the market was
fttll quoted dull and easy.
Feed, 72V4@75c for Xo. 1 and 65@70c for oft
grades; Brewing and Shipping grades, 77*4®
S2%c; Chevalier, nominal. j> •
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session — No sales.
Second Session— Xo sales.
Regular Morning Session— No sales.
Afternoon Session— December— 20C0 ctls, 75%c;
C0OO. 76c. .
OATS — There is nothing new to report, the
market remaining dull.
White— $1 15@1 35: Surprise, $1 35@1 40; Red,
$1 10@l 25; Gray, $1 12H<31 20; Black, for feed.
$1 10<Sl 15: for seed. $1 15-SU 22H per ctl.
I CORN — The Chicago market dragged yester
day under more favorable crop reports. The
local market remained nominal and unchanged.
All descriptions are quoted at $1 23®1 30 per
BUCKWHEAT— Nominal.
Flour and Millstuffs.
FLOUR— California Family Extras. $3 60®
3 75, usual terms; Bakers' Extras, S3 40®3 50;
Oregon and Washington, $2 75@3 10 per barrel
for family and J3 151i3 50 for bakers'; Eastern,
$4 75lg5 75 per barrel.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour. J3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75; Rye
Meal. $2 50; Rice Flour. »7; Corn Meal, $2 75;
extra cream do. $3 50; Oat Groats. $4 50: Hom
iny, $3 5003 75; Buckwheat Flour. . $404 25;
Cracked Wheat - $3 60; Farina,- $4 50; Whole
Wheat Flour, $3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels), $6
@7 25; In sacks, $5 75@7; Pearl Barley, $5;
Split Peas, $5; Green Peas, $5 50 per 100 lbs.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
Bran Is higher under more moderate stocks.
All other descriptions remain unchanged.' Hay
Is kept steady by main force of the holders.
BRAX— J12 50® 13 50 per ton.
MIDDLIXGS-J1CI519 per ton.
1 FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley, J1C017 50 per
ten: Oilcake Meal at the mill, J26@27; Jobbing,
$27 50<g28; Cocoanut Cake. $20® 21: Corn Meal.
$26 50; Cracked Corn. $27; Mixed Feed, $13 W)(g:i4.
HAY — Volunteer. . $4 50(57; Wheat, $10@12;
Wheat and Oat, J9 50(311 £0; Oat, $8@10; Clover,
*4®6; Alfalfa, $6@7 50; Barley. $6 50®8 50 per
STRAW— SOSST^c per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
Beans continue dull and unchanged and there
Is nothing doing in Seeds.
BEAXS — BayoB, »2 5002 75; ; Small White,
nominal; Large White, nominal; Pink. 12 25®
2 75: Red. $3 25<2?S 50: Blackeye, J3 50; Lima.
J3 15@5 25; Pea, $3 50ig3 70; Red Kidneys, $3 25®
3 50.
SEEDS — Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard. 4c: Flax. $2®2 20; Canary. 3V4c per
lb for California and 4c for Eastern; Alfalfa,
nominal; Rape. 2V4©3c; Hemp, 4@4»4c; Tim
othy, 4@4Hc. • .'
DRIED PEAS— Nlles, nominal; Green, \Z 25®
2 50 per ctl; Blackeye.. $2., ,
Potatoes, On tons and Vegetables.
Prices for everything stand the same. Stocks
of all descriptions are free.
POTATOES— Garnet "Chiles. 50c; Early Rose,
25@30c; '"¦; Burbanks, 30*2 60c - ¦ for • , Rivers ¦ and
70GS5C per ctl for Salinas; Sweets, 75o@$l 25
for Rivers and $1 50 for Merced.
ONIONS — Yellow, 60® 65c per ctl; Pickle
Onions. 60<ff75e. • ".-.'.. ¦¦¦¦•- ¦-.
VEGETABLES— Green Corn,' 76c©fl per sack.
Chicago Grain Market.
_NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
Hand column and the successive tides of the
¦ FRIDAY. AUGUST 3L
|"n rites 5:$ ,
Sun sets g.41
Moon seta fl-is'n.' m.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco | Bay. Published by official au
! thorlty of the Superintendent.
NOTE-The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty- five minutes later than at Fort Point
the height of tide Is the name at both places.
ARRIVED.
• Wednesday. Aagnst 23.
Bktn W H Dimood, Nl!son, 31 days front
Honolulu.
Thursday. August 30.
Etmr Xavarro, Jensen. 21 hours from UsaL
Stmr Crescent City. Stockfleth, 33 hours from
Crescent City.
Stmr 'Walla "Walla, Hall. 63 hours from Vic
toria and Puget Sound ports.
Stmr Xorth Fork, McLellan, 24 hours from-
Eureka. • •
Stmr Arcata. Nelson. 5S hour3 from. Cooa Bay.
Stmr Gipsy, Leland. 27 hours from Monterey,
etc. ¦ •
Ship Paramita, Backus, 25 days from Laha
ina. . ' - ' .
Bktn Fremont. Kelton, 14 days from. Unsa. •
Schr Eliza Miller, Christiansen. 51 days from.
Apia.
Schr Mary' Etta, Anderson. 21 hours from
Bowen3 Landlns.
Schr J Epplnger, Skipper. 13 hours from-
Stewarts Point.
Schr Robert Hind. HelUngsen. 23 days from.
Hilo.
Schr Rosamond, Ward. 27 days from Hono
lulu.
Schr Jennie Wand. Christiansen. 44 hours
from Albion: bound 'for Lahaina: put la (a
clear.
Schr Sailor Boy. Nielsen, 7 days from Grays
Harbor. ' .
Schr Dora Eluhni. Smith. 3^i days from Port
Hadlock.
CLEARED.
Thursday. August 3T". ;
Stmr State of California, Gage. Astoria;
Goodall. Perkins & Co.
Stmr San Mateo, Fletcher. Xanaimo; P I Co.
Stmr Cr-os Bay. Nopander. San Pedro: Good
all. Perkins & Co.
Br stmr Manauense, Barneson. Comox; West
ern Commercial Co.
Br stmr Warfield. Pattie, Caenainua; R
IXinsmulr's Son3 Co.
Br sh!p Craigerne. McBryds. Antwerp: Bal
four, Guthrie & Co.
SAILED.
Thursday. August JO.
Stmr Emoire. Macgenn, Coos Bay.
Stmr Sunol. Green. .
Stmr "VVfcltesbcro. Olsen. Greenwood.
¦ Stmr National CTty. Dettmer3. Fort Brags.
Schr Mary C, Campbell, Fort Ross.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. Aug 30. 10 p m— Weather
hazy; wind SW. velocity 10 miles.
. . SPOKEN.
Aug 19. lat Z2 23 X. lon 33 07 W— Br ship
Isle of Arran. from Oregon, for Queenstown.
Reported all welL Repairs necessary are un
der -water.
Per bktn Fremont— Aug 3, schr Arago. with
83,000 codnish.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
CASPAR— Arrived Aue 30— Stmr Luella. hue
Aus 29.
COOS BAY— Arrived Aug 23— Schr Jennie The-
Iln. hence Aug 9.
Sailed Aug 30— Schr Western Home, for San
Francisco.
Arrived Aug 30— Schr Ootama, hence Aug 13;
schr General Banning, hence Aug 12: schr
Daisy Rowe. hence Aug 3.
PORT HADLOCK— Arrived Ans SO— Bktn J M
Griffith, hence Auz 3. .
Arrived Aug 30— Schr W H Smith, from Hono
lulu.
EUREKA— Arrived Aug 30— Schr Occidental.
hence Aug 22; bktn Mary Winklemann. frona
Kfthulul.
UMPQUA— Arrived Auff 28— Schr Sadie, from
San Pedro.
ROCHE HARBOR— Sailed Aug 23— Brig W O
Irwin, for San Francisco.
FORT BRAGG— Sailed Au* 3^-Stinr Xoyo,
and stmr Sequoia, for San Francisco.
TACOMA— Sailed Aug 30— Schr Ludlow. for.
San Pedro. ± :
SAN PEDRO— Arrived Aug 30— Schr Locy.
from Umivi'ja. : .
Palled Augr 30— Schr Louise, for urapqua.
SEATTLE— Arrived Aug £>-Stmr Oty of To
peka. from Pyea: stmr Czarina, hence Aug _o.
Sailed Aug 20 — Stmr Tacoma, for Nome: stmr
Santa Ana. for Some; stmr Centennial, <or
Xome. ' . „
* Arrived Au? 30-Stmr Senator, from Nome.
GRAYS HARBOR— Sailed Aug. 23— Schr Roy
Somera. .for San Francisco.
POF*T GAMBLE— Arrived Aug SO— Br bark
Sussex, from Seattle. ¦• .
Arrived Aug 30— Scar Robert Lewers, from
P S^iled° X A 1 ug a 30— Schr Annie M Campbell, for
H BOWENS LANDING— Arrived Aut 30-Schr
Ke VEAH B"Y- A p U a^d in Av« 2^-Schr W n
Smith, from Honolulu, for Puget Souri; Er
¦hip GlenoKll. from London, via Tocopilla, for
Victoria; Chll bark Geo Thotapson. frora > al
para'.so, for Pucet found. _ .
Passed out Ausr 23— Ship A J Fuller, frora
Seattle, for San Francisco; Xor stmr Titanla,
from Nanalmo. for San Francisco.
PORT TOW NSENO— Passed In AUs 30— Stmr
Senator, from Cape Nome, for Seattle^
Arrived Ausr 30— Chil bark George Thompson,
from Valparaiso: schr Wm H Fmlth. from
Honolulu: Br bark Ivanhoe. from, New What-
com. for t-anao* - . . :
Sailed Aus 3° — Bark Hesp«»r. fcr MelbQurae;
stmr Tarnna, for ; schr Bowh^art. for .
UMPQUA— Arrived Au& 2S-Schr Sadie. ft»!q
San Pedro. _ ' •
°~^ FOREIGN PORT3.
CALLAC— Sailed Anjc 28— Br stmr Condor, for
Vancouver.
COLOX— Arrived Aus 2S— Star Finance, from
New York.
Sailed Au* 23— Stmr Advance, for New York.
NAGASAKI— Arrived Auj 7S— Br stmr Flint
shire, from Manila. j <¦
PAXAMA— Arrived Aug lo— Stmr City of Pa
nama, t rcrn Champerleo. ; • . • .
Sailed Aub ID— Stmr Xrs-port. for San- -Fircn,-
IQUIQUE— Arrived A»e »— Br bark- AIsx- .
ander ISiack. from Satra Rosalia.
HOXGKOXG— Sailed,' Aue 20— Br stmr Env'
press of India, for Vatcwiver. • . • '" ¦
APIA— Sailed July Ij— Schr Eliza Milled, for-
San Francisco. . .' ¦
VICTORIA— Arrive Ausr 30— Br shl» G!en
ozle. from London.?
•OCEA* STEAMEH9.
HAVRE— Arrived Aug 30^-Stmr La Lorraine,
from New Ycrk. 1 '• .
CHERBOURG— failed Aug 30— Stmr Trave.
from Southampton, fjr Xew York.
ROTTERT>AM-?ar?(! Aug 30— Stmr Amster
dam, fo' New Y-~rk. rla Boulogne. •" »-j
LIVERPOOL— Arr'ved Aug 30— Stmr IVJiren
land. from PhilndeTvhia. via Querstowp: s;in? .'
Germanic, from Ne* York, via Queennown. .
Sailed Ausr 30— Sfnr Vancouver, for Mortpnk
PLYMOUTH— Arrived Au? SO— Stmr Fuerst
Bismarck, from New York, for Hamburg. ¦•/¦ '
QUEENSTOWN-Arrived Aug 30— Stmr O«r
nsanlc. trom. New, York, fcr Uvei^ocjJ.
NEW YORK, Aug. 30.— FLOUR— Receipts,
14,366 barrels; export, 3750 barrels; sales. 10,000
packages. The market at first was firm and
active, but the late break in wheat checked
the demand and closed the market unsettled;
Minnesota patents, $4 10®4 35.
WHEAT— Receipts, 39,625 bushels; export,
56,203 bushels; sales, 3,470,000 futures and 240,
000 bushels exports; spot, steady; No. 2 red,
51T*c f. o. b. afloat: No. 2 red, 79%c elevator;
No. 1 Northern Duluth, S4?fcc f. o. b. afloat;
No. 1 hard Duluth, 87%c f. o. b. afloat. Options
opened easier through disappointing cables, but
acquired later strength on export demand, talk
of lighter receipts, prospects for rain in the
Northwest and a good speculative demand,
evidently for short account. They finally
broke, however, through late realizing and
closed weak at S^Hc net decline; May, S4^@
£4%c, closed at 84^c; September, 79Ti4?SO%c,
closed at 73%c: October, S0H#81 3-16c, closed at
«Hfcc; December, 81 13-1C®S2 9-16c, closed at
81 T i.c.
HOPS— <5uiet.
HIDES- Firm.
WOOL-Flrm.
COFFEE— Spot Rio. steady: No. 7 Invoice,
SHc; mild, quiet: Cordova. 9%S14c. Options
cloned quiet, with quotations unchanged to 5
points lower; total sales, 17.000 bags. Includ
ing October, $7 45; December, $7 C5@7 i5: Feb
ruary, n 75(&7 80; March, $7 S0@7 85; May, $7 !)0
@7 95.
SUOAR— Raw, firm; fair refining, 4^c: cen
trifugal. 86 test, 4%c; molasses sugar. 4c. Re
fined, strong: No. 6, 5.60c; No. 7, 5.50c; No. S,
5.40c; No. 9, 5.30c; No. 10, 5.20c; No. 11, 5.25c;
No. 12. 5.20c; No. 13. 5.15c; Xo. 14, 5.15c; stand
ard A, 5.35c; confectioners' A, 5.95c; mold A,
6.40c: cut-loaf, 6.55c; crushed, 5.55c: powdered,
6.25c: granulated, 5.15c; cubes. 6.30c.
BUTTER— Receipts, 3S61 packages; steady;
factory. 14*?l7c.
EGGS— Receipts, 7661 packages; firm: West
ern regular packing, at mark. 12@15Vic; loss
off, U@l5%c.
DRIED FRUITS.
The market for evaporated apples ruled
rather quiet, but steady at unchanged prices.
State common was quoted from 3c to 5c; prime.
4»;<7?5c: choice, 5>4®6c; fancy. 6 ! iig'7c. Califor
nia dried fruits inactive and nominal.
PRUNES — 3V4®7c, as to size and quality.
APRICOTS— Royal. ll@14c; Moorpark. 15@17c.
TEACHES— Peeled. 14§15c; unpeeled, 6S9c.
Charters.
ThB Decc&a load* Wtoeat at Portland tar
Et^ope. 45s, prior to arrival; the Jupiter.
"Wheat at Portland for Europ*. <0s; option of
lumber to Valparaiso, for orders. 62s Cd, prior
to arrival.
The latest spot Wheat charters are the Fllnt
chlre. ufuaJ options, 40s 3d; Oweene, 38a 9d;
Cambrian HSlls (.rochartcred), 43s.
Rye and Barley Shipments.
The British ehlp Cralgem© cleared yesterday
for Antwerp •with 4>,24J ctls ry«. valued at
J44.":€; 1S.O6 ctls barley, value $17,724. and 21
t'M feot lumber dunnage, value $330; total
Value. JCi370.
Merchandise for Chcmainus.
The collier Warfl^M Balled yesterday for
Chemalnus with 10 cases hardware and other
fui-pUcs for the Wellington collieries, valued
¦t 1574.
Nczv York Dried Fruit Market.
Ma'.l advices from New York fay: "Currants
nre etrone an<5 unchanged at 9c, with some
»=ale« of small lot* reported at that figure. No
chanj:* «at reported in the Oreek market, lat
<ft cables received here quoting the market
on new crop from 2Ss GJ on Provincials to 35s
03 on best grades of Amaiias. Some further i«
c;u!ry was reported for ?ultanas. but no busi
ness to amount to anything much was heard
of. The reported cleaning up of all the stocks
of California raifins on the Coast by a pool
fsuped much Interest among the trade, and
gnaJcea the reasin situation one of Increased
(str*-n»rth. Available stacks here are very light.
"A rri rot? are very finn an>i show Increased
Ftrercth, forae leading holders on the coast
having withdrawn altogether. The demand
5.a« Improved a little, l'eaches are in fair re
quest, one ear load being reported fold yeEter
<?ay on a basis of 6c for choice and C^ic for
(ii-Ta choice. . •
"PiKjt prunes shew some activity, a sale of
t&ree cars being made here of poods on the
coaet In bags at 4Hc. or equivalent to 6c here
In 25-lb boxes.
"Considerable Interest is taken in new Cali
fornia fVp?. owing to the uncertainty regarding
th* (Smyrna goods. Sale? of fair size are re
j>f-rtf'l at the following quotations, f. o. b., the
cnast. for September shipment : 3-crown car
tons. MCCSc; 4-crown cartons. 7»S'75c: 6-crown.
{(¦c; 5-la>vrp. 60c; 4-layers. fioc: 3-layers. SSc;
80-lh boxes, bulk. 3 l ic: 23-lb bulk. SHc.
"There Is a very good trade In nuts, chiefly
ChiV walnuts. Sicily filberts. I2razll r>eean«s
Cn<i ..n*- or two other varieties. Sicily filberts
an. rtroneer. some holders askintr lOv^c and re
j-enir.K sales at that price. Considerable busi-
KMM if reported in new crop Grenoble walnuts
atd CJberts."
Weather Report.
{li^h Meridian— Pacific Time.)
PAN FRANCISCO. Aug. 30—5 p. m.
The following maximum temperatures were
TTcrte-I from stations !n California to-day:
Eureka, ; C2;Re4 Bluff 92
Mt. Tamalpaif 74 Sacramento S6
I Happen ience 7S San Luis Obirpo 66
Pr~sno S-6 San Diego 66
Lob Angeles 74
?an Francisco da.ta: Maximum temperature.
C7; minimum, M; rr.ean, Cl. '..,,-
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
' The pressure has fallen rapidly over Northern
Cali'orr.ia. During the past twenty-four hours
th«?r» has been a fall of more than one-tenth
of an inch from Ran Francisco to Eureka.
The pressure was previou.-ly very low. and the
I»r«*s<>nt 'all makes an are-a of low barometer
which ordinarily would be accompanied by
rain.
The temperature ha* risen In the Sacramento
Vaiiey, but is still 15 degrees below the normal
In the San Joaq-jln Valley.
Cloudy weather prevails over mort of Cali
fornia and Nevada. A trace of rain Is reported
tt-Pan Luis OblF^o.
Fom-aet made at San Francisco for thirty
houm ending midnight August 31:
>;«.rthern i^Uifornia — Cloudy unsettled weather
PV.'lay. with Ehowers in the mountains; fresh
utterly winds.
Pouthern California— Cloudy unsettled weather
Friday: fresh southwesterly winds.
Nevada. — Cloudy; light rain in northern por
tion.
Utah— Cloudy Friday.
Artzor.a— Clcudy Friday.
fan Francisco and vicinity— Cloudy Friday;
freeh weeterly winds.
ALEXANDER G. McADIE.
Forecast Official.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— Sept. Dec.
Opening 6 % 6 2">i
Closing 6% 6 2%
PARIS.
Wheat— Aug. Nov. -Feb.
Opening 19 90 2110
Closing ."•'•••'• 13 90 21 10
Flour —
Opening 23 55 27 35
Closing 25 60 27 35
Chicago Livestock Market.
CHICAGO, Aug. 30.— CATTLE— Receipts, 7000;
all- kinds strong to 10c higher; natives, gocd
to prime steers, $3 C3$6 20; poor to medium,
{3 65@3 60; selected feeders, firm, %t@i 75; mixed
stockers. steady to slow. $3 30@3 90; cows, $2 »0
©4 50; heifers, $3®5; canners. J2@2 70; bulls
Ptrong, tZ C0@4 50; calves, higher, J5@7 w
Texas fed steers, 14 25Q5: grass steers, $3 'jf/.
4 20; bulls. *2 £0®3 40. .. U
HOGS— Receipts, -20,000; estimated for to-mor
row, 1S.00O; left over. 2500; weak to 5c lower
good clearance ;¦ top, $5 43; mixed and butchers'
$4 90@3 35; good to choice heavy. J5(g5 35- rough
heavy," *4SO@4 95; light. $5Q5 45; bulk of sales
$50'5 30. . •
SHEEP— Receipts. 16.000; sheep active and
steady; lambs, strong to 10c higher; good to
choice wethers, }3 63ji3 DO; fair to choice mixed
13 50@3 70; Western < sheep, $3 cO®3 S3- Tex"
sheep. »2 5003 DO; native lambs. $4 25g5- West
ern lambs. ?5@5 85. . eSt
New York Metal Market.
. NEW, YORK. Aug. 30.— Iron and steel mar
kets were tfull and unchanged. ,. Pi ttaburg re-
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 11,000 16.000
Wheat, bushels 344.000 578.000
Corn, bushels 201.000, 350.000
Oats, bushels 341, 000 478,000
Rye. bushels 2,000
Barley, bushels 14.000 2,000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was firm; creamery, 18%<g21%c; dairies,
14gl8c. Cheese, steady; 10>4@llVi.c. Eggs, firm;
fresh. 13%@14c.
Silver continues to advance. Exchange as before.
Wheat quieter and unsettled. Barley inactive.
Several ships taken on th-e spot for JVhcat.
Oats, Corn and Rye unchanged.
Hay and Beans as before quoted.
Nothing new in Potatoes and Vegetables.
Poultry market well supplied and weak.
Butter in liberal supply, dull and lower.
Cheese dull and easy. Eggs tending upward.
Fresh and Dried Fruits about as before.
Provisions inactive at previous quotations.
Meat market quiet and featureless.
Bran advanced.
£00 Colorado Southern 6H
Colorado Southern 1st prefd 41
Colorado Southern 2d prefd 16
Delaware & Hudson U%
S10 Delaware Lack & Western 176
Denver & Rio Grande 18%
Denver & Rio Grande prefd €6\
Erie 10%
250 Erie 1st prefd J4H
Great Northern prefd 152
Hocking Coal 13
500 Hocking Valley 34
100 Illinois Central H6 l *
100 Iowa Central lS J i
„ Iowa Central prefd 44*i
Lake Erie & Western 27
Lake Erie & Western prefd 93
Lake Shore 209*
Louisville & Nashville 71H
3,045 Manhattan L 91%
700 Metropolitan Street Railway 154
110 Mexican Central 11%
Minneapolis & St Louis 55
100 Minneapolis & St Louis prefd 93
&00 Missouri Pacific 60%
Mobile & Ohio 36V»
Missouri Kansas & Texas 0%
800 Missouri Kansas & Texas prefd 33»*
KW New Jersey Central 13.'H
125 New York Central 12S%
I.41.K) Norfolk & Western 84%
Norfolk & Western prefd <4Hs
1,250 Northern Pacific 50H
275 Northern Pacific prefd 71*4
1,730 Ontario & Western 2114
Oregon Railway & Nav 42
Oregon Railway & Nav prefd 16
S20 Pennsylvania 12S*4
400 Reading \~'
1,430 Reading 1st prefd 67H
900 Reading 2d rrefd "<K
Rio Grande Western 64
Rio Grande Western prefd 8S
Pt Louis & San Fran 9%
St Lnuis & Pan Fran 1st prefd 67
K5 St Louis & San Fran 2d prefd 33V 4
Cfft Pt Louis Southwestern 13 1 *
2 W St Louis Southwestern prefd. 30
3,650 St Paul - H3Vi
100 f?t Paul prefd 1«3
St Paul & Omaha "2
1.073 Southern Pacific 33^
Southern Railway ll l *
500 Southern Railway prefd "
Texas & Pacific 14
5.S00 Union Paciflc o9
1,410 Union Pacific prefd <»
Wabash >Y*
P30 'VVahaph prefd ljj*
100 Wheeling & Lake Erie »*»
Wheeling & Lake Erie prefd 23%
Wisconsin Central l*%
Third Avenue I 03
Express Companies—
Adams «?
American 154
United States 45
Wells Fargo 1=3
Miscellaneous—
American Cotton Oil 33
American Cotton Oil prefd »S%
100 American Malting 4%
100 American Malting prefd 24
200 American Pmeltlng & Refining.... 34'i
2C8 American Smelting & Refining pfd SS*i
American Spirits IV*
American Spirits prefd 11 .
6,930 American Steel Hoop :'O
100 American Steel Hoop prefd ........ 07
• 14.??0 American Steel & Wire C5M
2.4S7 American Steel & Wire Drefd 7T-4
4.580 America:-. Tin Plate ?"i
2.O1S American Tin Plate prefd 7'»K.
1.425 American Tobacco 93*4
American Tobacco preM 12S
200 Anacor.da Mining Co 14'»
5,1i3 Brooklyn Rapid Transit 53
TiflO Colorado Fuel & Iron 35%
2.000 Continental Tobacco M'i
4)0 Continental Tobacco r>refd 77'i
4,(*:i) Fed.THl Steel 34%
1,000 Federal Steel prefd 67
" 200 Gwral Kloctric 138%
325 GlnccMt Sugar -*»l'i
100 Oltirore Sugar prefd &3
Intriiiatior.a". Paper .*. £2
5)0 International Paper prefd C^ l i
Laclc-'J^ Gas 73
510 Natlrr.al Riscult 31 T 4
National Blfirult prefd 80
National Lead W2
Naiicnal Lead prefd 11
3.123 National Steel 27V t
1.185 National Ste^l prefd Si%
New "iork Air Brake 12S
400 Ncrtii American 15
P C C & St L 54
Pacific CoaM r.5^4
Pacific Coast 1st crefd 85
100 Pacific Coast 2d prefd 65
100 Paciflc Mall 30%
2.410 People's Gas 93%
500 Pressed Steel Car 29
100 Pressed Ste*l Car prefd 72
Pullman Palace Car 187
Standard Rope & Twine 5%
23,000 Sugar 120Vi
Sugar prefd 116
2,430 Tennessee Coal & Iron ~0%
BRO United States Leather 10%
150 United States Leather prefd 68%
300 United States Rubber 29%
United States Rubber prefd 94
170 Western Union 79%
1,770 Republic Iron and Steel 12%
440 Republic Iron & Steel prefd 55
142,000 Shares sold.
CLOSING BONDS.
U S 2s ref reg. Do is 92
when issued 103% N Y Cent Ists... .108^4
l>o coup 10S!i N J Cent gen S&..122
Do 2s res 109 N P 2s 65'i
Do 3s coud 109 Do 4s 104^
Do new 4s re*. ..123% N Y C & St L is.106%
Do new 4s coup.. 13394 Nor & W con 43.. 97^4
Do old 4s reg 115 Or Nav lsts 103
Do old 4s coup. .113 Do 4s 102H
Do 5s ret 112»4 O S Line tsl 126
Do 5s conn 112^ Do con Ss 112V4
Dlst of C 3.65s 122 Read Gen 4s 87T4
Atch grn 4s VW4 R G W lsts S8li
Do ad<t 4s Rr.'i S L & I M con 5s. 112
Canada So 2ds 108 iS L & S F Gen 6s.l21',«
C & O 4^s lOD^iSt P con lCS 1 /*
Do 5s ....118*4 St P C & P lsts .118
C & N con 7s 140 Do 5s 118%
Do S F Deb on. .120 So Pac 4a 78V4
Chicago Term 4s.. 92 So Ry 5s 10ST4
Colo So 4s 82 Standard R & T 6s 08
D & R G lsts....lO2'4 Tex & Pac lsts ..111%
Do 4s 98 Do 2ds 31
Erie Gen 4s 69 U P 4b 105%
Ft W Sz D C lsts. 72 Wabash lsts 117
Gcn Elec 5s 115 Do 2ds 101%
Iowa Cent lsts ..113 (West Shore 4s .... 112*4
L & N Unl 4s.... 99 jWls Cent lsts .... M%
M K & T Ids 66«A|Va Centuries £>~i
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar lOiOntario 6 50
Crown Point lO^Ophlr CO
Con Cal & Va UiPlymouth 10
Deadwood 40 \ Quicksilver 1 £0
Qould & Curry 13; do prefd 6 £0
Hale & Norcross.'. • • 15 'Sierra Nevada 30
Homeftake 60 OOlStandard 3 00
Fron 8Uv<ir MjUnionCon 15
Mexican «« 221YaUow Jacket 19
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— lOld Dominion lSVi
Call loans 2^3 Rubber 29
Time loans 3@*Vj Union Pac 6»
Stocks— U'est End 93^
AtchlBon 27* 4 Westlngh Elec 47
do prefd ~0% Bonds-
Am Sugar 120H Atchlson 4s »9
do prefd 116 N E G & Coke ts.. 64
Bell Telephone :...1«3 Mining shares—
Bcston & Albany.. 247V4 Adventure 314
Boston Elevated ..148 AHouez Mln Co.... 1>,
pBoston & Maine. .lhS |Amaig Copper .... S7%
I' B & Q 124T4 j Hoston & Mont 317
Dom Coal 41H Butte & Boston.... 02
do prefd 110 .Calumet & Hecl&.."53
Fed Kteel 8J*»!i>ntenniaJ 16<4
do prefd 67 [Franklin 13%
Fitchburg prefd ...139 Humboldt 25
Gen Elec ..........ISS'AiOsceola 674
do prefd 139 Parrot 4Ui
Cd Elec 111 205% Quincy HO
Mex Cent 11% Santa Fe Copper... 4%
Mich Telephone.... S3 Tamarack 214
JC E G & Coke.... 13>4 Utah Mining 31
Did Colony 203 (Wolverines 41
London Market.
NEW YORK, Aug. 30.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
Business In the markets here relapsed In com
plete stagnation immediately after the opening
to-day. Americana enjoyed ' half an hour of
comparative animation - due to the closing of
accounts. The Bank of England bought £37.003
in gold bars and received £500.000 from the
Indian secretary out of , the currency depart-
TO ARRIVE
NEW YORK. Aug. 30.— Earl Fruit Company's
sales of California fruit: Grapes— Tokay, $1 50
1j2 45 single crate. Pears— Bartlett, $1 30©2 25
box, 70@9Oc half box. Peaches— McDevitt. 90c@
$1 15 box; Susquehanna. average 00c; Straw
berry, Free, 35cfT$l; George's Late, Soft 35c;
Lemon Cling, 40-SSCc; Orange Cling. 55c@$l 40;
Late Crawford 50@S0c. Plums— Kelsey Japans,
25c@$l 80 single crate; Diamond. SOtfOOc; Quack
enboss, 56<&?5c: Grand Duke 75@9Oc. Prunes—
Gros, 40c@$l 15 single crate: Silver, 50@60c:
German, 60@70c; Hungarian, 65c@$l 10; Italian,
4S@6r.c. •
Porter Brothers Company's sales: Pears—
Bartlett, 65@95c half box, $1 35@2 15 box.
Peaches— Late Crawford, 90c box. Prunes-
Hungarian, 70c single crate. Plums— Kelsey
Japans, $2 25@3 20 box. Grapes— Tokay, $1 65<8>
2 55 v slngle crate, and Tokay Clusters $1 Su@
2 05 : N Muscat, $2 20<&2 50.
CHICAGO. Aug. 30.— Porter Brothers Com
pany's sales of California fruit: Pears—Bart
lfett, $1 20®2 10 box; Seckle, 75c half box; Beurre
Hardy, $1 30@l 45 box; Beurre Clairgeaux. $1 50
@1 55. Peaches— Salway. 65@90c box. Prunes—
Fellenberg. 75(gS0c • single crate; Silver, 40c;
Gros, 85c. Plums— Damson, 65c single crate:
Kelsey. 40c. Grapes-Tokay, $1 95®2 20 -.ingle
crate and $3 50 double crate; Muscat, $1 10 sin
gle crate. •
Earl Fruit Company's sales: Pears— Bartlett.
$1 15@1 80 box: Beurre Hardy. $1 3031 55: How
ell, average $1 77. Plums— Bradshaw, average
70c single crate; Yellow Egg, 40cS?$l 10. Prunes
—German. 4OS9OC single crate; Silver, 2O@75c;
Gros, 75c@$l 23.
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND. Aug. 30.— Clearings, $276,460;
balances, $33,315. \
WASHINGTON,
Northern Wheat Market.
TACOMA. Aug. 30.— WHEAT— Little doing;
unchanged; club, 5C%c: bluestem, 59%c.
OREGON
PORTLAND. Aug. SO. — WHEAT — Walla
Walla, 57c; valley, 58c; bluestem, 60c.
Foreign wheat shipments from Portland for
the week ending to-day were 127,735 bushels.
Foreign Markets.
LONDON, Aug. 30.— Consols, 9S 5-16; silver,
2S%d; French rentes, lOOf 80c. Wheat cargoes
on passage, less offering, 3d higher; cargoes
No. 1 Standard California. 31s 6d; cargoes
Walla Walla, 29s 9d; English country markets,
steady.
LIVERPOOL. Aug. 30.— Wheat, firm; No. 1
Standard California, 6s 4d@6s 4^d: wheat In
Paris, dull: flour in Paris, quiet: French coun
try markets, quiet; weather in England, over
cast.
COTTON— Uplands, 5 23-32d.
CLOSING.
WHEAT— Spot, firm; No. 2 red Western win
ter, 6s lHd; No. 1 Northern spring, 6s 4d; No.
1 California, 6s 4dJT6s 4>.id. Futures, steady;
September, 69 %d; December, 6s 2%d.
• CORN— Spot firm; American mixed, new, 4s
2^d: old, 4s 2Vid. Futures, quiet; September,
4s 2d; October, 4s 2V4d; November, 4s 2&d.
merit. The bank returns showed big move
ments, owing to the receipts of American gold.
The reduction of £2,750,000 in other securitl-s
was explained by the repayment of advances
made In anticipation of these arrivals.
CLOSING
Atchlson, 28%; Canadian Pacific. 92; Union
Pacific preferred, 76^4. ex-dividend; Northern
Pacific preferred, 73; Grand Trunk, -614: Ana
conda, 9*4. Bar silver, strong,' 28 7-16d per
ounce. Money, 3 per cent.
Nkv York Money Market.
NEW YORK, Aug. 30.— Money on call steady
at 1>4 per cent; prime mercantile paper, 4@-4-'j
per cent. Sterling exchange firm, with actual
business in bankers' bills at $4 87% for demand
and at $4 S4<4 for sixty days; posted rau-s,
$4 85@4 8S*i; commercial bills, $4 S3»4@4 S3?;.
Bar silver, 61!4c. Silver certificates, 61%i@629;c.
Mexican dollars, 48%c. i Government bonds,
weak; State bonds, inactive; railroad bonds,
Irregular.
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON. Aug. SO.— To-day's statement
of the treasury balances In the general fund,
exclusive of the $150,000,000 gold "reserve in the
division of redemption, shows: Available cash
balance, $13S,248,482; gold, $68,242,440.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
day In the order of occurrence as to time.-. The
second time column gives the second tide of
th© day. the third time column the third tide
and the last" or rlcht hand column gives tha
last tide of the day. expt-pt when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights
given are in addition to the soundings ov, th.i
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus slsrn ( — ) precedes the height,
and then the number given is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference Is the mean of the lower low waters.
4 »
There was a very good business on the morn
ing session of the Bond Exchange, with an
Improvement In Giant Powder to $S5. The
sugar stocks were firm as a rule.
¦ There were no fluctuations worthy of note in
the afternoon. -
The oil stocks continued dull.
The Pacific Lighting Company will pay a
dividend of 30c per share on September 5.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
THURSDAY. Aug. 30—2 p. m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
WATER STOCKS.
Bid.Ask Bld.Ask
4s quar coup. .115 116 4s do cp new..l34 ISj
4s do res 113 116 2s do coup 109 —
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Cal-st Cab 58.116% — Oak W srntd 5s — 103
C C Water 5s. 107 107% Oceanic S Co.. 107 107&
Ed L & P 6s.. 127ft — Om C Ry 6s... 123 —
F & Cl Ky 6s.ll5 — P & Cl Ry 6S.104 —
Geary-at R 5s. — 99 P&ORR 6s. 115 —
HC4S 3&s. — — Powell-st R 6s.l20 —
Do 5s — 104 Sac El G&RSs. 99?4 —
L A Ry 5S..10S — S F & SJV 5a. 119 —
L A Lt Co 6s. — — S R of Cal Cs.lllVini%
Do gntd 6=.. — — S P of A 6s...lllH112ks
L A gntd 5s... 100 102H S P C 63 (1905)
L A P R R 5s. — 121 (Series A)....110U —
Market-st 6s..l27V513O Do (Series Bnil —
Do 1st M 03 119 120 3 P C 6s aDO6j.ll2% —
N C N G R 7s — — Do (1912) 130V»122l4
N R of Cal 6s. 113 — S P R 1st gntd — —
Do 5s 118 llS^i'S P Br 6s 132V4 —
N P C R R 63.101 - S V Water 6s. 115 —
Do os 107 — Do 4s 103 103%
N CalBy 3 s.. — Ulfc Do 3d mtg...lO2H —
Oak G L & H.1U — Stocktn Gaa 6s 99V» —
Oak Tran 6s... 117*4113 •
Contra Costa.. 63 89 [Spring Valley. 95% B5*»
Marin County. 51^ — I
GAS AND ELECTRIC STOCKS.
Cent G & L Co — — Pac L Co 43% 44
Cent L & P Co 4 5 Sac El G&RCo 27V4 —
Equit G L Co. Z% — S F G & E.... 54 54U
Mutual El Co. 10% 11 San Francisco. 6 6fc
O G L & H.... 4914 49»i stkn G & E Co 10 —
Pae Gas Imp.. 61?* £2H
INSURANCE STOCKS.
Flrem's Fund. 227 — I
BANK STOCKS.
Anglo-Cal Ltd 68»4 — Lon P & A 134% —
Bank of Cal... — — Merchants' Ex 13 —
Cal S D & T..105 — Nev Nat Bk... — —
First National. 275 —
SAVINGS BANKS.
Ger S & L...1850 1950 ISav & L So.... 74 78
Hum S & L.. — — ISecSav Bk.... — —
Mut Sav Bk.. 43 — (Union T Co.... — —
8 F Sav U....S07 — I
STREET RAILROAD STOCKS.
California ....123 — O S L & H.... — 45
Geary-«t 50 — Presidio — 22!4
Market-flt 64U 65
POWDcR STOCKS.
California — 162Va I Vlgorit 3% 3%
Giant Con Co. 84% 85 I
SUGAR STOCKS.
Hana S P Co. 8 SH Kllauea SP Co 21% 22
Haw C & S Co — 89 Makawell S Co 44 44'i
Honokaa S Co. 30^ 3O»4 1 Onomea S Co. 2S 2S«- A
Hutch S P Co. 2474 25^1 PaAuhau S Co. 30^ 31^
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Al Pack Assn.llSs4imi.Pac A FA.... 2 —
Cal Fruit Assn 96 97u|Pac C Bor Co.150 —
Mer Ex Assn. 97 10<i Par Paint Co. 12% —
Oceanic S Co.. 93% 95 i
Mornlns Session.
Board—
73 Equitable Gas Z 37^4
10 Giant Powder Con. cash 84 75
5 Glajit Powder Con 85 00
B0 Hutchlnson S P Co 24 S7}*
145 Kilauea S P Co 21 25
$3000 Los Angeles Ry Ss 108 12H
50 Makaweli S Co 44 12Vj
15 Makawell S Co. cash 44 12^
$100C Northern Ry of Cal 5s 118 25
$1000 Oakland Transit Co 6s 117 23
200 Paauhau S P Co 30 62*£
$7000 Sacramento Elec Gas & Ry 5s 99 75
$1000 S F & S J V bonds 119 50
20 S V Water 93 25
Street—
60 Honokaa S Co 30 50
30 Mutual Electric Light 10 50
$10,000 S P of C 6s (1905. series A) 110 50
Afternoon Session.
Board — '
100 Equitable Gas 3 37^
83 Giant Powder Ccn 84 75
50 Giant Powder Con 84 87^4
25 Hana Plantation Co 8 00
25 Honokaa S Co 3062U
225 Hutchlnson S P Co 2* 87V»
15 Kilauea S P Co 24 £0 .
100 Makaweli S. Co 44 12^
20 Onomea S Co 28 00
6*VPacinc Gas Imp 52 00
15<fs K Gas & Electric Co 54 0O
130 S F Gas & Electric Co 54 12ij
$2000 Spring Valley 4s (2d mOrtg) 103 00
200 Vigorit 3 25
Street—
50 Honokaa S Co 30 62»±
50 Hutchtnson S P Co 24 87Ja
100 Pacific Gas Imp 51 75
30 Hana Plantation Co 8 CO
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
Mornlns Session.
Board-
SCO Yukon , 62
500 Monarch of Arizona ' 40
4 Twenty-Eight 150
Street —
100 Kern River " 20 00
Afternoon Session.
Board—
123 Home Oil „_... 4 33
300 Home Oil 4 30
10 Oil City Petroleum 20 25
M0 Twenty-Eight 1 60 i
MINING STOCKS.
Following wer* the sales in the San Francisco
Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
150 Best & Belcher. 17 200 Mexican 23
300 Caledonia 40 400 Sierra Nevada. 31
630 Chullar 14 ICO Sierra Nevada. 25
8U0 Chollar 13 100 Silver Hill 36
400 Gould & Curry. IS 300 Union Con 17
150 Hale & Norcrs. 17
Afternoon Session.
100 Best & Belcher. 16 100 Gould & Curry. 2*>
200 Caledonia 40 100 Hale & Norcrs. IS
100 Con Cal & Va..l 23 60 Ophlr 49
I0O Confidence 67 200 Overman 06
200 Gould & Curry. 2t
Following were the sales In the Pacific Stock
Exchange yesterday:
Mornlns Session. ;
600 Belcher « 12' 500 Overman M
200 Best & Belcher. 171 500 Savage 00
100 Caledonia 41| 40O Silver Hill 36
300 Challenge Con. 19 200 Silver Hill 35
500 Chollar 14 200 Silver Hill 33
200 Gould & Curry. IS 400 Union Con 19
700 Gould & Curry. 19 1 875 Yellow Jacket.. 23
500 Hale &. Norcrs. IS: 1200 Yellow Jacket.. 21
200 Mexican 261 25 Yellow Jacket.. 24
Afternoon Session.
300 Alpha Con 05! 200 Challenge Con. IS
400 Best & Belcher. 17! 100 Occidental 10
200 Caledonia 41! 200 Ophlr 49
300 Caledonia 3S 600 Silver HJ11 34
600 Challenge Con. 19 400 Utah 05
THURSDAY. Aug. 30—4 p. m.
Bid. Ask. [ Bid. Ask.
Alpha 04 06lJustice 02 03
Alta 02 04|Kentuck — 01
Andes 06 08 Lady Wash — 03
Belcher 11 13 Mexican 25 28
Best & Belcher. 16 17 Occidental 03 10
Bullion 02 05'Ophlr 43 49
Caledonia 3S 33 Overman 05 06
Chollar 11 HjPotosl 20 21
Challenge Con.. 18 13 'Savage 09 10
Confidence 66 6S'Scorpfon ....... 02
Con Cal & Va..l 20 1 23[Seg Belcher 02 03
Con Imperial... — 02 j Sierra Nevada. 32 33
Con New York. 01 02 Silver Hill 23 30
Eureka Con — 4S!St. Louis — 13
Crown Point 12 13'Standard 4 00
Exchequer — 02 Syndicate — OS
Gould & Curry. IS 19 Union Con IS 19
Hale & Norcrs. 17 IS Utah 04 (6
Julia — 01 Yellow Jacket.. 13 20
75c@tl per crate for Berkeley and $1®1 50 for
Alameda; Green Peas. 2'/j@3c per lb;' String
Beans. l 1 A'82V 3 c: Lima*. 3J§3Hc; Cabbage. 40@
50c; Tomatoes, River. 20@3oc; Bay. 25@50c: Egg
Plant. 50@65c per box; Green Okra. 35@50c:
Green Peppers, 30(g30c per box for Chill and 40
@60c for Bell; Dried Peppers, 8®10c: Carrots. 25
@33c per sack; Summer Squash. 25@40c for Ala
meda; Cucumbers. 25<§35c for Alameda; Pickles
$1®1 25 per ctl for No. 1 and £0®73c for No. 2:
Garlic. 2HS3c per lb; Marrowfat Squash, $123
15; Pumpkins, $20 per ton.
Poultry and Game.
The Poultry market continues freely, supplied
and all descriptions are weak.
Prices for Game remain unchanged.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, 9-gllc for Gob
blers and 10@12c for Hens; Geese, per pair* $1 25
C>1 60: Goslings. $1 50«?l 75; Ducks. $34j4 for old
and $3<JM for young; Hens, S3 3O«f4 50: Young
Roosters. $»R5; Old Roosters, $3 5O@4 23; Fry
ers. $3 50; Broilers. $3 for- large and $1 750
2 50 for -small; Pigeons. $l50@l 75 per dozen
for old and $1 50@l 75 for Squabs.
GAME— Doves. 6O'jaC6c per dozen: Cottontail
Rabbits. $.1 50; Brush Rabbits, 75c@$l; Hare,
?1 25. . -i
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Butter Is Tower. Stocks are large and the
demand has fallen to almost nothing. Those
dealers who are trying to work off their packed
goods are doing their best to maintain prices for
Iresh, but with poor success.
Cheese stands the same, but all dealers
quote a dull and easy market. ¦ •
Eggs rule firm and some dealers are quoting
27c for the best ranch, while others quote pre
vious prices. Receipts are moderate and de
creasing and supplies of the best grades are
not large.
BUTTER—
Creamery— Fancy Creamery, 23c; extra marks
higher;- seconds, 22V4c
Dairy— Fancy, 21c: good to choice, 'lS@20c;
common, 15@lSc. - -
Creamery tub— 205J22%c per lb.
Pickled roll— 19(g20c.
FJrkin-18@19c.
CHEESE— New, 9c: fancy. 10c; old 8®8%c-
Young America, 10@10%c; Eastern, 13V4@l4e-
Western, 10@12c per lb.
EGGS— Quoted at 17@20c for store and 23®
2614c per dozen for ranch; Eastern, 16@19c.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
The Victoria steamer on Wednesday took out
the usual 108 barrels of pickled Royal Anne
Cherries for Cincinnati.
The Grapes intended for the above steamer
came In too late, and In consequence were all
on ' the market yesterday, resulting In large
stocks and weak prices.
Peaches are weak and rather more plentiful,
though prices show little change. Choice Bart
lett Pears continue steady.
Melons stand about the same, with liberal
f-upplles. Lemons are weak and plentiful.
Limes are still practically out of the market,
though fresh supplies are expected to-day.
There is little change in Berries.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS
APPLES— 25*5500 per box for common and
E0c@$l for good to choice: Crabapples, 40c per
email box and 60c per large box.
PEARS— Bartletts, 40<t?S5c In boxes and $15@
25 per ton in bulk; other varieties, 30g50c per
box.
QUINCES— 40^C0c per box.
STRAWBERRIES— J3@5 per chest for large
and $?S8 for small berries.
RASPBERRIES— $3© 7 per chest.
BLACKBERRIES— $3^4 per chest
HUCKLEBERRIES-2®3c per lb.
FIGS— 20@30c for single and 35@60c for double
layer boxes.
POMEGRANATES— 75c®-$l per box.
NECTARINES— Red, 75c per crate.
PLUMS— 20®40c per box and crate; In bulk.
$10@15 per ton; Prunes, 30^60c per crate; Egg
Plums. fl2@15 per ton.
PEACHES— 40i3Wc per box; in bulk. $1S<323
per ton for freestones and $15@25 for clings;
Mountain Peaches, 40®65c per box.
GRAPES— Muscats, 25<5£0c per crate; Seed
less. 75cf?jl per crate; Sweetwater, 35340c;
black, 23650c; Tokay, 23360c: Isabella, 75c;
Wine Grapes. $20<g23 per ton for Zlnfandel.
MELONS — Nutmegs, lSigoflc per case; Canta
loupes, E0C5FJ1 per crate; Watermelons, $6@20,
with extra laree at 25@30 per 100.
CITRUS FRUITS— Lemons, $1 23*32 for com
mon and $2 50@3 for good to choice; Mexican
Limes. — ; Bananas, $1@2 per bunch; Pine
apples, $1 5C@3 50 per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
The lcll In the demand, for fruit continues,
though the feeling Is steady and holders give
no concessions.
NEW CROP— Prunes, nominal; Apricots, 6%®
SUc for Royals and 10@12c for Moorparks;
Evaporated Apples, 5@6c: sun-dried, 484V4c;
Peaches. BUS^c for standard, 6g6^c for
choice and 7@Sc for fancy; Pears, 5@7V4c:
Plums, pitted. 606c; unpitted. 1@1%: Necta
rines. 5©5Hc for red and 5V4'8'6c for white.
RAISINS — Bleached Thompson's fancy, per
lb, 10c; choice. 9c; standard, 8c; prime, 6c; un
bleached Thompson's, per lb, 6c. Sultanas-
Fancy, per lb., SHc: choice, 7^c: standard. 6^e:
prime, Sc; unbleached Sultanas. 5c; Seedless,
50-lb boxes. 5c: 2-crown loose Muscatels, 5'ic;
3-crown. 6*4c; 4-crown, 7c; London Layers, 2
crown. $1 £0 per box ; 3-crown, $1 60. Fancy
Clusters, $2; Dehesa. $2 50; Imperial, $3. AH
prices f. o. b. at common shipping points In
NUTS — Walnuts, S@10Hc for standards and 3
Cllc for- softshells; new Almonds, 12313V4e
for paper shell, 9V4©10c for soft and 6@7c for
hard shell; Peanuts, 5<g6Uc for Eastern and
5<g6c for California: Brazil Nuts, ll@12Hc: Fil
berts, 12Q13c; Pecans, 11® 13c; Cocoanuts. $3 50
©5.
HONEY— Comb. 13fl4c for bright and 123
12Vjc for lighi amber; water white, extracted,
7>407Hc: light amber, extracted. 6»4©65ic; dark.
tH'ffSc per lb.
BEESWAX- 24g26c per lb.
Provisions.
Continue Inactive and unchanged.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. 10%c per lb for
heavy, lie for light medium, 12Hc for light, 13c
for extra light and 14%c for sugar-cured. East
ern sugar-cured Hams. 13c: Mess Beef, $12 per
bbl; extra Mess, $13; Family. $14; extra Prime
Pork, S15 00; extra clear, $19; Mess, $16 50;
Smoked Beef, 12H@13c per lb.
LARD— Tierces quoted at 7c per lb for com
pound and 9c for pure; half-barrels, pure. 914c;
10-lb. tins. 9%e: 5-lb tins. 9%c.
COTTOLENE— One-half barrel, &%c: three
half barrels. S^c; one tierce, S%c; two tierces,
8tic; live tierces, SV&c per lb.
Hides, Tallozv, Wool and Hops.
HIDES AND SKINS-CuIIs and brands sell
about lc under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers, 8:4@9c: medium. 8%c; light. 8c;
Cowhides. Sc; Stage. 6c; Salted Kip. 8c; Call,
9o; Dry Hides, sound, 15c; Dry Kip, 13c; Dry
Calf, 15c; culls and brands. 12c; Sheepskins,
Shearlings, 20@30c each; short Wool, 30@50c
each;, medium. 6O@80c; long Wool. 90c@$l 10
each; Horse Hides, salt. $2@2 25 for large. $1 75
for medium, $1 for small and 50c for colts:
Horse Hides, dry. $1 50 for large. $1 23 for me
dium, $1 for small and 25(0'5Oc for colts. Deer
skins—Summer or red skins, 35c; fall or me
dium skins. 30c: winter or thin skins, 20c Goat
skins — Prime Angoras, 75c; large and smooth,
60c; medium, 35c.
TALLQW— No. 1 rendered, 4@4&c per lb; No.
2, 3p3V4c: grrease, 2<ff2Hc.
WOOL— Spring clip is quotable as follows:
Northern, free. 15@16c; Northern, defective. 12@
14c; Middle County, free. 14@16c; Middle Coun
ty, defective, 12@14c; Southern Mountain, 12
months', ll©12c; Southern ' Mountain, free, 7
months'. 10@12c; Southern Mountain, defective,
7 months'. 9@llc: Humboldt and Mendoclno,
16<S17c; Nevada. 138160 per lb.
Fall Clip — San Joaquln, 6H@3c: do Lambs'.
80-90: Middle County, 9®llc per lb.
HOPS— Old, nominal at 6@10c per lb; new,
10® 12c
San Francisco Meat Market.
Quotations for all descriptions stand the
same.
BEEF — E3€c per lb for fair to choice.
VEAL— Large, 7@Sc; small. 8»4@9>Ac per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, 7%SSc; ewes. 7@7Vac per
pound.
LAMB— Spring, 8t4«9c per lb.
PORK— Live Hogs. 6c for small. 6%©5%c for
medium and 6%<?J5%c for large; stock Hogs
and feeders, 5V4<&5%c; dressed Hog3, S@8Hc.
General Merchandise.
BAGS— San Quentln Bags, $5 65: Calcutta
Grain Bags, 5%c; Wool Bags, 2Sft®32^c; Fleece
Twine. 7%c: Fruit Bags. 6%#6%c for white and
8H®8*ic for bleached Jute.
COAL— Wellington, $9 per ton; Southfleld
Wellington. $9; Seattle. $7; Bryant. $6; Coos
Bay. $5 50: WallsendV $3; Co-operative Wall
send. $9: Cumberland. $12 in bulk and $13 25 In
sacks: Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg. $14: C&n
nel, .$11 per ton; Coke, $16 per ton In bulk and
$1S in ¦ packs ;<¦ Rocky Mountain descriptions,
|S 45 per 2000 lbs, and $3 50 per ton, according
to brand.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, per lb. In 100-lb bags: Cubes,
A Crushed and Fine Crushed, 6.S0c; Powdered.
6.40c; Candy Granulated. 6.40c; Dry Granulated
6.30c; Confectioners' A, 6.30c; Magnolia A. 5.90c;
Extra C, 5.80c: Golden C, 5.70c: barrels. 10c
more: half-barrels, 25c more; boxes. 50c more;
50-lb base, 10c more. No orders taken for less
than > 75 barrels or Its equivalent. Dominoes,
half-barrels, 7.05c; boxes, 7.20c per lb.
LUCOL PAINT OIL— Is lower at 63c per gal
lon for boiled and 67c for. raw in barrels.
FOR THURSDAY,
Receipts of Produce.
AUGUST 30.
Flour, qr sks..... 1.6261 Onions, sks....... 130
Wheat, ctls ... 434 Hay. tons 673
Barley,, ctls....... 23,973 Hops, bales........ 40
Oats. ctls.'........ 2.1S7 Wool, bales....... 242
Rye. ctlB.. ........ 42,0sS Eggs. dot.....'.... 10,6*0
Butter, ctls....... 205 Wine. gals.... 54,500
Cheese, ctls 141 Leather, rolls.... 146
Tallow,, ctls...... 303 i Lime, bbls 273
Beans, ska........ l.fiSOlPelts. bdls........ 105
Potatoes, ska..... 8,167iHldes, No......... • 1(6
- -.-,- -, ] OREGON.
Flour, or sks...'.. 2,000,
ported a dull iron market with sales of Bes
semer at $15 delivered at Pittsburg. a , reduc
tion of fully 50c. Steel billets are weak at
$17 50. while local pig* Iron warrants were
quoted nominally on the basis of $10 50. Tin
reacted somewhat owing to an advance of £1
in- London, closing firmer here at $30 45(330 75.
Copper was 2s 6d higher, but failed to "in
fluence our market, which closed dull and un
changed at $16 62'i. Lead and spelter were
dull and unchanged at $4 37>£ and $4 10@4 15
respectively.. The brokers' price for lead was
$4 and for copper $16 75.
New York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK. Aug. 30.— Cotton futures opened
2@4 points .under the final bids of yesterday.
The day dragged along with prices sagging
point after point undpr liquidation by the bulls.
In the last hour a sudden scare of shorts car
ried prices up 12 points. The market closed
steady, with August nominally 24 points lower
and other months unchanged to 3 points net
higher. .
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, FRID A Y, AUGU ST 31, 1900.
THE STOCK MARKET.
Steamer Movements.
California Fruit Sales.
TO SAIL.
New York Grain and Produce
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
AND NEWS
8
CALL CALENDAR.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
S. M. JTJW. T. F. I 8. Moon's Phases.
1 2 3 | 4 -•. Flrrt Quarter,
TTTTT77 * *"*""*•
/C^ uli Moon.
U IS I 14 15 14 17 j IS Autnst 10.
Auguat 17.
fl|Il|.g.Lg.)ii!il|_Je .
New Moon.
August 24.
0 Time Time Time Time
£ Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
g- H W :- L. W H W L. w
Jl ... 3:57 8.8 8:25 1.6 2:59 5.0 10:06 l.l
1... o:U 3.7 9:15 S.O 3:41 5.0 11:10 0.9
2... 6:2€ 3.7 10:25 3.2 4:36 5.0
L W H W vvr H W "
3 ... 0:13 0.6 7:32: 3.9 11:45 3.3 5:42 5 1
4... 1:10 0.4 8:24 4.3 12:58 3 1 6"52 5 2
6...|2:4S O.lj 9:45| 4.9 2:52 2.2 9:00 5.«
Steamer. I From. | Du?
Acapulco New York Aug.
Corona San Dleffo Aug.
Prosreso Taeoma Aug.
Eurtka HumboMt _ Pep.
Tltania Nanaimo Sep.
Washtenaw Tacoma iSep.
W. H. Kruger.. San Pedro jSep.
Wellington Comox ISep.
Victoria Oyster Harbor ; [Sep.
Columbia (Portland S«p.
Bonita Newport - Sep.
Pomona Seattle Sep.
Santa Rosa San Dleso Sep.
Dorlo | China and Japan Sep.
UmatlUa Victoria Sep.
Cxarlna (Seattle Sep.
Point Arena ...[Point Arena Sep.
Crescent City .. Crescent City ;Sep.
Coqullle River. Grays Harbor 'Sep.
Coos Bay Newport !3ep.
.n
.21
.83
l
l
1
1
2
o
S
*
4
4
5
S
%
I
•5
Steamer.
I Destination. I
Sa!
13.
State Cal... [Portland ' A.vig. 31, 11 am,P!er 2*
Newburg ..Grays Harbor Aug. tU |
Coos Bay.. Newport Awe. Si. J»m:P!crn
Pomona ... HumboMt Aug. 31. 2 pm Pier 9
Iaqua Humboldt Sep. 1. 9 am Pier 2
Lakme ISeattle Sep. 1.19 am 'Pier 3
Arcata ....iCoos Bay Sep. 2. 12m'Pl.?rl3
Eureka ...J Humboldt S«p. 2. 10 amPler IS
Corona ISan Dleeo Sep. 2. 11 am t'W 11
North ForktHumboMt Sep. 2. 9 am'Pi»r 2
W. Kruger. iTillamook Sep. 3. Spro.PW 2
•\V. Walla.. Victoria Sep. 3. 11 am Pier 5
Pt Arena.. Point Arena.. Sep. 3. 3 pm Pier 2
Bon'.ta Newport Sep. 4. J am Pier 11
Tanis Hamburg [Pep. 3. 5 pmtPIer 7
Marlpoaa .. Australia !Sep. 5. 8 pm|P1er 7
Columbia ..[Portland ISep. ' 5. 11 am! Pier 24
China Chlna&JapanlSep. 8. 1 pm|PMS3
Santa Rosa'Sai Dlcjro.....laep. 8. 11 amlPler 11
S. M. JTJW. T. F. I 8. Moon's Phases.
1 2 3 | 4 -•. Flrrt Quarter,
TTTTT77 * *"*""*•
/C^ uli Moon.
U IS I 14 15 14 17 j IS Autnst 10.
Auguat 17.
fl|Il|.g.Lg.)ii!il|_Je .
New Moon.
August 24.
0 Time Time Time Time
£ Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
g- H W :- L. W H W L. w
Jl ... 3:57 8.8 8:25 1.6 2:59 5.0 10:06 l.l
1... o:U 3.7 9:15 S.O 3:41 5.0 11:10 0.9
2... 6:2€ 3.7 10:25 3.2 4:36 5.0
L W H W vvr H W "
3 ... 0:13 0.6 7:32: 3.9 11:45 3.3 5:42 5 1
4... 1:10 0.4 8:24 4.3 12:58 3 1 6"52 5 2
6...|2:4S O.lj 9:45| 4.9 2:52 2.2 9:00 5.«
Steamer.
I Destination. I
Sa!
13.
State Cal... [Portland ' A.vig. 31, 11 am,P!er 2*
Newburg ..Grays Harbor Aug. tU |
Coos Bay.. Newport Awe. Si. J»m:P!crn
Pomona ... HumboMt Aug. 31. 2 pm Pier 9
Iaqua Humboldt Sep. 1. 9 am Pier 2
Lakme ISeattle Sep. 1.19 am 'Pier 3
Arcata ....iCoos Bay Sep. 2. 12m'Pl.?rl3
Eureka ...J Humboldt S«p. 2. 10 amPler IS
Corona ISan Dleeo Sep. 2. 11 am t'W 11
North ForktHumboMt Sep. 2. 9 am'Pi»r 2
W. Kruger. iTillamook Sep. 3. Spro.PW 2
•\V. Walla.. Victoria Sep. 3. 11 am Pier 5
Pt Arena.. Point Arena.. Sep. 3. 3 pm Pier 2
Bon'.ta Newport Sep. 4. J am Pier 11
Tanis Hamburg [Pep. 3. 5 pmtPIer 7
Marlpoaa .. Australia !Sep. 5. 8 pm|P1er 7
Columbia ..[Portland ISep. ' 5. 11 am! Pier 24
China Chlna&JapanlSep. 8. 1 pm|PMS3
Santa Rosa'Sai Dlcjro.....laep. 8. 11 amlPler 11
Steamer. I From. | Du?
Acapulco New York Aug.
Corona San Dleffo Aug.
Prosreso Taeoma Aug.
Eurtka HumboMt _ Pep.
Tltania Nanaimo Sep.
Washtenaw Tacoma iSep.
W. H. Kruger.. San Pedro jSep.
Wellington Comox ISep.
Victoria Oyster Harbor ; [Sep.
Columbia (Portland S«p.
Bonita Newport - Sep.
Pomona Seattle Sep.
Santa Rosa San Dleso Sep.
Dorlo | China and Japan Sep.
UmatlUa Victoria Sep.
Cxarlna (Seattle Sep.
Point Arena ...[Point Arena Sep.
Crescent City .. Crescent City ;Sep.
Coqullle River. Grays Harbor 'Sep.
Coos Bay Newport !3ep.
.n
.21
.83
l
l
1
1
2
o
S
*
4
4
5
S
%
I
•5
AUCTION S/\LE!
MONDAY. September 3, 13CO. at 11 a., m.— «0
head of splendid horses, suitable for any and
all purposes. All well broken;- 6 great bi?
drafthorses In the bunch. OCCIDENTAL.
HORSE EXCHANGE. 721 Howard «. : VSOME CELEBRATION WORK
ERS.
Press Club Election.
Darr-ori Berthold. the famous 'Vragnerian
t'nor. arrived from the "ant last evening.
He has come to Join the company now
P'.ayin* at the Tivoli and will make his
rppearance In "Tannhauser" to-morrow
Afternoon and Sunday night.
Berthold Arrives.
Overdose of Chlorodine.
An ' overdose^ of chlorodlne killed Mrs.
Alice Schroder, wife of George Schroder,
who works In a cracker factory, "Wednes
day night. The Schroders live at 1 School
place, off Vallejo street, between Mason
and Powell. Mrs. Schroder had been ad
dicted to the morphine habit for some
time. She was troubled with severe pains
In the heart. The case was reported to
the Coroner, who held an autopsy yester
day and found death to have been caused
by excessive use of morphine and also
chlorodine. Mrs. Schroder was 47 years
bid.
Schramm Piano Recital.
VICTORIA. B. C. Aug. 30. -The Pritlsh Co
lumbia Legislature passed a bill to-day to pre
vent paut^r Immigration, framed on the lines
of the Natal act. Including an educational te.st
aimed chiefly at Chinese and Japanese.
TA.COMA. Wash.. Aug. 20.— Horace B. Ste-
Ten'i a newspaper reporter, late on the Even
inr"v«ws shot hlmxelf through the head at
the Hotel Donnelly this afternoon. He wa»
Ul and despondent. He leaves a widow In
Portland. Or.
ASTORIA. Or.. Auk. *>.— The steamship Thy
ra from San IMcko for Portland, to-day crash
ed" Into the railroad trestle near Tonirue Point,
t^artns away about ICO feet of the bridge. The
vew'l was floated at noon and proceeded on
her way to Portland, where she- will taice on
»ut>t>Ue3 for the United State* army in the
Orient.
LODI Auf 30.— The first winery rUnt ev*r
nut up 'in Northern San Jnaquln County twrina
c->erations to-morrow. It is yituit-il a mile
an<l a half from this p!ac* on the Southern Pa
cific The buildings, machinery antl apparatus
of eVery kind are brand new and of the latest
model Bauer & GusjoJz. local men. are the
proprietors, and are highly .pleased with the
outlook. Th» plant has a capacity of 100 tons
of grapes per day. A distillery U connect*!
with tia llf "*¦
COAST HEWS IN BRIEF.
James Bruce Seriously Stabbed.
James Bruce, residing at 748 Howard
street, was set upon by three young men
at . an early, hour this morning and se
verely cut about the arms and breast
while standing in front of his home.
Bruce declares that the men Insulted his
wife, and when he remonstrated with
them they knocked him down, kicked him
and cut him with a knife. He \^s taken
to the Receiving Hospital. The doctors
say that the wounds are serious but not
necessarily fatal. His assailants escaped.
ST. JOHN'S BAZAAR
IS A GREAT SUCCESS
The Sacred Heart Orchestra Rendered
a Splendid Programme Directed
by Brother Hosea.
The scene at St. John's bazaar last night
was a very beautiful one. The J>ooths
were specially decorated on account of It
being one of the gala nights of the sea
eon The honors of the evening fell on
Bro'ther Hosea, who directed the Sacred
Heart orchestra. A regular musical pro
gramme was rendered as follows: •Over
ture the orchestra; recitation, F. M.-Sll
va; vocal solo, "The Holy City," sung by
snectal request by F. E. Michel; coon se
lections by Master John O'Brien; iinale by
the orchestra.
The fair is a great success, and every
night the attendance Increases. The rifle
gallery Is now one of the most popular at
tractions at the bazaar. Mr.'Finnegan pre
sented to Father Brady yesterday a beau
tiful gold watch, which will be given to
the person making the best individual
score to-night and Saturday at the range.
Gus Ewell is making the wheel of for
tune go with a swing. Last night he was
kept busy all the evening taking in
money. The fair will last only . a few
nights more. If you would care to spend
a pleasant evening take a Mission-street
car and get off at Old St. Mary's College
on the Mission road, and you will be as
sured a pleasant time. Nobody yet has
gone away that has not become afterward
a regular" visitor every night.
cently passed by the board, was illegal,
as no authority, is. contained In the char
ter for such an appropriation. The com
mittee will therefore decline to approve
the expenditure.
Medical Man Locked Up.
Dr. E. F. Adams, who is jointly accused
with Captain Handy of swindling Dr.
Eugene Jordan of Seattle out of $10,000
gome time ago. was arrested last evening
by Detectives Dlnan and Wren and locked
up in the City Prison. Captain Handy Is
under arrest at the Sound city. The men
are charged in the complaint with having
sold a worn-out and worthless steamer to
Dr. Jordan, representing the same to be
in first-class condition. Dr. Adams will
be taken to Seattle to-night.
"SKAGUAY. KATE" NAMED
AS A CO-RESPONDENT
Company's Threat to Take Some of
Them Out Resented by Super
visors. •
The special committee .of the Board of
Supervisors appointed to Investigate the
telephones used by the city with a view
to reducing their number so as to bring
the cost within the appropriation of $7000
decided yesterday to postpone the investi
gation until the presence of President Sa
bln of the telephone company could be se
cured. Various propositions were suggest
ed as a way out of the difficulty.
The Mayor, who was present, suggested
that the company be requested to reduce
the rate for each telephone from $7 50 to
$3. There are about 140 In use. and the
committee thought that about twenty
could be taken out. principally in private
residences of city officials, which would
bring the cost down to the appropriation.
Superintendent Lehigh promised to sub
mit the proposition of a reduced rate to
President Sabln.
Chairman ReeQ was of the opinion that
the company "would not dare to carry out
Its threat to take out sixty-one telephones.
He contended that the company was in
debted to the city In an amount approxi
mating $230,000 in license taxes, which was
now in litigation. Reed said the charter
specifically provided that the Auditor
shall not sign any demands against the
city if their holtlers were indebted to the
city. The Auditor had been notified by
resolution of the board that under th«»
charter he could not audit the demands
for telephone service, but should charge
them as an offset against what the com
pany owed in license taxes.
CITY WANTS REDUCED ;vA
RATE FOR TELEPHONES
t . —
Seventeen Years' Imprisonment.
I W. F. Mitchell of Tuolumne County will
1 have to pav the penalty for killing John
Sheehan. He was convicted of murder In
the second degree and he appealed to the
Supreme Court from the Judgment of im
prisonment and an order denying a new
trial. In the lower court an attempt was
made to show that the ill feeling between
the two men was caused by Sheehan's at
tention to Mrs. Mitchell. The defense en
deavored to show that the killing was jus
tifiable,. but it was proved that Sheehan
was unarmed and was not attacking Mit
chell. The Supreme Court refused to in
terfere with the Judgment, which is im
prisonment in San Quentin for seventeen
years.
"PROTEST ritOM HAWAII.
Merchants Object to State Duty on a
Shipment of Tea.
NEW TORK, Aug. 30.— The first protest
from Hawaii to the Board of United
States General Appraisers arrived In this
city m-day. The protest is from a firm
of 'Honolulu brokers. Nind. Rolph & Co.
The merchandise in question is some tea
which was entered just before the act
extending the United State* customs laws
over Hawaii went into effect. The- tea
was by accident carried on to San Fran
cisco and when the steamer got back to
Honolulu the Collector assessed State
duty. - *.'
The Importers claim that under the cir
cumstances the American duty should not
be levied.
BRILLIANT TENNIS.
Exciting Contests for the "Women's
Western Championship.
CHICAGO. Ausr. 30.— Brilliant play
marked the second day of the lawn tennis
tournament at the Kenwood Club for the
women's Western championship. Results:
Ftrst round, singles, left over from yes
terday—Miss Steever beat Miss Morris:
Miss Bessie Green defeated Miss Kathleen
T~)fl. TV
Second round, singles— Miss MeAter de
feated Miss Parker; Miss Maud Banks
defeated Miss N'eely; Miss Merrlam Stee
ver defeated Mrs. T. H. Whltehead; Mt33
Champlln defeated Miss Green.
New Coach for Stanford.
Special Dtsratch to The Call.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. Aug. 30.—
It ha% been announced that "Billy" Mc-
Leod, the veteran trainer, would have
charge of the football men during the
coming season. He is expected to reach
the campus in a few days, as practice will
begin directly after registration.
Poolrooms Again Raided.
The police last night raided two pool
rooms on Ellis street and arrested four of
the clerks for violating the ordinance re
lating to the selling of pools on sporting
eVents. The. first visited was Harry Cor
bett's place. Policeman Mitchell in citi
zens' clothes visited the poolroom and
purchased two tickets on the McCoy-
Corbett fight. Several officers waited out
side and as Mitchell was handed the
tickets they stepped Inside and arrested
the two clerks, who gave their names as
H. Muller and Joseph Mohan, for violat
ing the pool-selling ordinance.
"Zlck" Abrams poolroom was next
visited. Policeman Goodwin called for a
ticket on McCoy, which was given him,
Abe KrauFP, the clerk, evidently not rec
ognizing him. After he received the paste
board Goodwin arrested Krauss and
Abrams.
Battle of San Juan.
Clarence, I^*Drowji, stage manager of
Pain's "Battle' of San Juan," and his five
assistants, superintended the first open
air rehearsal of the spectacle at the Fol
som and Sixteenth street grounds last
night. The stage, which is composed of
the entire southern side of the grounds,
was ingenuiously and brilliantly illumin
ated and .the four hundred officers, sol
diers and Red Cross nurses went through
their exciting parts to the complete satis
faction of the director. The final and
dress rehearsal will be hold to-night, and
to-morrow night at 8:30 o'clock sharp the
first gun in commemoration of the event
ful morning will be fired.
The spectacle will run for two weeks,
with the exception of Sunday. September
2. and every night a different display of
Pain's unequaled fireworks will be given.
Comfortable seats for 10,000 spectators
have been prepared and the advance de
mand at Sherman, Clay & Co.'s is large. •
MOTWTTHSTANDING the amount <
of money that has been received
1 }l-up to date in contribution to the
Admission day celebration fund.
the executive committee of the finance
committee finds itself still short of the
amount required.' and the members ex
press the hope that the citizens will con
tinue to give, to the end that all the plans
may be carried out to the fullest and that
the promises made to the -thousands of
people who shall come from all parts
shall not be broker.. The members- are
extremely anxious that those strangers
will not go back to their respective homes
after the 11th of September with the Idea
that San Francisco is a "Jay town."
Golden Gate Parlor, N. S. G. W., has
selected ¦ a committee of arrangements,
consisting of twenty-five of Its most ac
tive members, who will have full charge
in be-half of the parlor. The committee
has chosen the following named officers:
Chairman. Adolph Eberhart: vice chair
man. J. J. Harrinpton; treasurer. H. C.
Pawjuale: secretary. T. C. Comny. The
committee has outlined the following pro
gramme of events: On Saturday evening.
September *. grand ball at headquarters,
B B. Hali. 121 Eddy street, strictly invi
tational and evening dress; grand march
9:30 o'clock. On Sunday evening. Septem
ber 9. grand concert and entertainment at
headquarters, commencing at 6:30 o'clock;
strictly invitational. On Monday.- Septem
ber 10. immediately after parade, head
quarters will be opened to the general
public and remain so all day and evening;
dnncing will be the order.
The committee has adopted a neat
badge to be worn by the members only;
also a guest badge for the friends of the
members. ... .
The committee on special features has
an old prairie schooner that came across
the plains from Fort Larimer in 1845. C.
H. Connell. who is at present in Hum
boldt County, promises to have a captive
black bear in the parade. .
The committee of arrangements is as
follows: J. J. Sweeney. A. Eberhart. H.
C Pasouale. T. C. Coxnny, J. J. Harrlng*
ton E. D. Seilg. M. C.' Eichel. H. Theis,
F. Gove, O. Krepcr. Percy V. Ix>ng. I.
Harris, W. T. Hees. L. D. Sourian. E. C.
Rust. J. I. Bailey. D. Wilson. E. Cream
mer. H. F. Suhr Jr.. J. R. Howell. C. H.
l'onnf-11, J. Beib^rsheimer, G. Beiber
sheimer, E. J. Harton, J. Liab and F.
Sitbe.
Amador- County will be represented in
the parade by parlors from Jackson, Am
ador City, Sutter Creek and Plymouth.
The natives will wear distinctive blue uni
forms. C. B. Arditto of Jackson has been
named as an aid to the grand marshal.
The San Francisco Gardeners' and
Ranchers' Association has decided to pa
rade with a float.
Major James Armstrong of Petaluma, a
; veteran of the Mexican war. a pioneer of,
¦ the days of '49 and a member of the Ma-'
i rion Rifles, a military company that took
! fart In the first celebration parade fifty
i years ago. has be*>n assigned a place In
I the parade.
The general committee give? notice that
there is but one ofliclal souvenir pro
gramme, and that is the one to be issued
by the general committee. It will not
contain any advertisements, and the com
mittee gives notice that a so-called official
programme which i.s to be published by a
concern that Is soliciting advertisements
for the same is in no way authorized by
the celebration committee.
The hotel and accommodation commit
tee has secured accommodation for 1M. 000
people or more, and those strangers who
desire to be accommodated by the com
mittee will not b« charged anything for
the service.
Judge Frank II. Kerrigan, chairman of
the ball committee, announces that each
Native Son will receive one invitation to
the grand ball to be given in the Me
chanics' Pavilion. The invitations will be
delivered through the secretary of each
parlor. The grand march will be led by
Grand President R. C. Rust. 4
Following is a list of the contributions
acknowledged yesterday:
Nathan Dohrmann & Co. and D. N. & E
Walter A Co.. $100 each: W. & J. fcloane & Co '
Heyman Bro«. fc WakefleM Co. and Goodyear
Uubber Co.. $50 each; M. Friedman. John
Ureuner Co.. Joseph Fredericks & Co., Bern
hard Mattress Co., Indianapolis Furniture Co*
Wisconsin Furniture Co., Hulse-Bradford Co .
W. A. Schrock. Georee H. Fuller Desk Co..
Fchlueter * Vollberr. Ackerman &. Kohn, Ster
ling Furniture Co., Bare Bros., J. Noonan
Furniture Co, W. T. Smith & Co., Charles M.
Plum & Co.. Cardall & Hewe, Charles F. Knapp
Co I»ul«e Mulrhead, Ike W. Stanley, Jacob
A Weasel and A. D. Renfro. $25 each.
City Has No Money for Native Sons.
The Supervisors' Finance Committee de
cided yesterday that the appropriation of
$3000 as the city's contribution to the Na
tive Bons" Hemi-centennial celebration, xe-
FUND NOT LARGE
ENOUGH FOR FETE
The Day's Dead
William Dover.
Special DiBpatch to The Call.
SANTA BARBARA. Aug. 30.— TVllllarn
Dover, one of a trio of Santa Barbara's
first settlers, died at an early hour this
morning from heart trouble. At the tlmo
of his death Mr. Dover was SI years of
age. He leaves a large family. Dover,
in company with "William Pratt and
Charles Bodle. came to Santa Barbara
forty-seven years ago from London, Ens
land.
E. W. Houghton.
TULARE, Auc 30.— E. W. Houarhton.
one of the discoverers of Yosemite. was
found dead in his cabin in the Sierras
east of Tular». He was a prominent M.-i
pon and had wealthy relatives in Ireland.
He had just finished an early day history
of Central California.
Dr. Frank S. Iffilbnry.
NETV YORK. Aug. 30.— Dr. Frank Ste
phen Mllbury. a well-known specialist of
diseases of the eye. ear. nose and throat,
is dead at hi3 home In Brooklyn, aged 44.
He was a native of the province of New
Brunswick.
R. Philips Gormully.
CHICAGO. Aug. 30.— Word was received
here to-day of the death at Montreal last
night of R. Philips Gormully. president of
the Gormully & Jeffrey Company, and
Venezuelan Consul at Chicago.
The Baron of Farnham.
LONDOX, Aug. 30.— Somerset Henry
Maxwell, tenth Baron of Farnham, Id
dead*, aged 51 years.
Judge Dunne Investigating the
Charge on a Motion to Quash
the Indictment.
Alleged illegality of the proceedings of
the Grand Jury, which resulted in the in
dictment of Fred Hansted, better known
as "Young Dutchy," on a charge of mak
ing a fictitious document in writing, is
under Investigation by Judge Dunne. A
new point has been ' raised in "Young j
Dutchy's" behalf which may have a ma
terial effect on subsequent actions of the
Grand Jury and materially reduce that
body's alleged consideration of hearsay
and outside evidence. Ex-Senator ¦«. p.
Grady and Charles Pence have raised the
point In behalf of their client. The sec
tion of the code under which they are
proceeding to quash the indictment reads:
In the Investigation of a charge for the pur
pose of either presentment or indictment the
Grand Jury can receive no other evidence than
such as is given by witnesses produced and
sworn before them or furnished by legal docu
mentary evidence or the deposition of a wit
ness in the cases mentioned tn the third subdi
vision of section 6i>6. The Grand Jury can re
ceive none but legal evidence and the best.evi
dence In degree, to the exclusion of hearsay or
secondary evidence.
In behalf of the defendant it la con
tended that the section quoted was vio
lated by the Grand Jury during the hear
ing of the charge against "}°u n g
Dutchy." whose name was connected with
the spoliation of the Sullivan estate as
the assistant of Attorney John M. Chre
tleYi and others. H. T. Olbbs. W. T. Kib
bler Peter A. Scully and Edward Loven
thal', members of the Grand Jury, were
examined yesterday, but all denied that
they were influenced by outside evidence
or opinion: Next Friday other members
of the Grand Jury will be questioned.
Statement of Municipal Beceipt9 and
Expenditures for the Fiscal
Year 1899-1000.
The Auditor filed his annual report of
the municipal receipts and expenditures
for the fiscal year 1S39-1900. The appor
tionment of taxes collected durins the
fiscal year 1SM-1900 follows:
Funds and T accounts —
Duplicate tax fund (account dupli
cate payment to Assessor) J13 63
General fund of 1S52 fn 61
General fund of 1S9S 12 S74 56
General fund of 1S39 2 638 1">S XI
School fund of 1S93 ' 1647 79
School fund of 1S39 453*507 63'
Street Department fund 243 140 21
Park fund 211.761 03
Library fund 53 608 61*
Public building- fund ' 4 Zi
Streetlight fund 171,366 SS
State of California 2.236.905 54
Interest account park Improvement
tonds 14.9S6S6
Overpayment personal property tuxea
; ISM .1 .' si 544 53 ;
Sinking fund perk bonds. 1S74-73!".'.!" 9'.3S2 43
. Total $6.1.65,603 4i
Recapitulation-
Street railrrad taxes 1SJ9 1.138 92
City an.t county's portion of redemp
. tlon of property sold to the State... IS.9E2 57
Personal property taxes unsecured by
real estate, collected by Assessor... 528,613 22
Taxes collected by Tax Collector dur
ing fiscal y«ir 1S99-19O0. 15.71^.907.
les-s $14.",,c6S 32 collected In June,
1900. and apportioned by Treasurer
In fiscal year 1MO-1901 5,574,33S 77
Taxes collected in Jun«. 1SW, and ap
portioned in year 1S99-19OO 34,736 84
Amount of advertising and de<?ds ap
portioned to general funds 1,734 16
Amount of poll taxes Included in ap
portionment of taxes 23 00
Total receipts J8.163.6CS 4.S
JEFFRIES NOW WILLING TO
MEET FITZ AT CARSON
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Aug. 30.— Fitzsimmons and Jeffriest may fight again. The
champion came out with a statement to-day in which he says he will agree
to meet Fitzsimmons in a month. Jeffries says he wants to show the pub
lic he is not afraid of Sharkey's* conqueror and will meet him at Carson
City or any other place in the country^
"Admitting that Fitzsimmons is a great fighter. I am almost sure that 1
can again defeat him," said the champion. "In his fight with Sharkey he
appeared to me to have gone back. . He defeated the sailor in good style,
but Sharkey of to-day is not the same man that met me. I consider Kitz
simmons the next best man to myself, and I know he is entitled to another
chance. He can have it. He tried to convey the impression that because
I refused to meet him on August 31 I was afraid to fight him. I think the
public thoroughly understands that I am not a dummy champion and am
ready to defend my title against any man in the world."
Jeffries Is willine to meet Fitzsimmons at his own terms. The winner can
take all .or have the purse divided— 75 per cent to the winner and 25 per cent
to the loser. The champion will refuse, however, to split the purse.
If Fitzsimmons accepts the challenge Jeffries will cancel all his theatri
cal engagements.
HANSTED SAYS GRAND
JURY WAS PREJUDICED
AUDITOR FILES ANNUAL
REPORT WITH THE MAYOR
T. Cary Frfedlander and
Miss Jessie - Cheever
Quietly United
Yesterday.
TCARY FRIEDLANDER, secretary
of the Produce Exchange, and Miss
0 Jessie Cheever were quietly mar
ried yesterday afternoon at 3
o'clock at the Cheever residence. 1712 Van
Ness avenue. Only the immediate rela
tives, were present at the ceremony, which
was 'performed by Bishop Nichols.
Both bride and groom were unattended.
The bride wore an elegant tailor gown of
violet cloth, with -jaunty toaue to match.
Although the wedding was an extremely
quiet affair the home was exquisitely dec
orated with choice blossoms and the
breakfast which followed the ceremony
was an elaborate and delicious one.
Mr. and Mrs. Friedlander left last even-
Ing for Lake Tahoe. After a short stay
there they will return to this city and
take up their residence here.
MARRIED BY
THE BISHOP
; «>
tho Palace Hotel, where a bridal break
• fast was served.
' The bride wore a dainty gown of white
mull over white silk. Neither the bride
I nor the groom were attended.
j Last evening Mr. and Mrs. Crothera left
i for New York en route to Europe, where
they expect to pass the next four months.
ppHOMAS G. CROTHERS, executor
ii an<1 trustee of the Fair estate, was
]J married yesterday afternoon at 2
o'clock to Miss (lertrudo Benjamin,
daughter of the late C. J. Benjamin; a
pioneer of Oregon. Only the immediate
relative? of the contracting parties wit
nessed t'ie ceremony, which was celebrat
ed in the apartments of Mr. ani Mrs.
James Scott, at the Hotel St. Nicholas,
by Dr. Hut.=inr>lller of the Central M. E.
Church, the ceremony the newly
wedded couple and their guests wont to
Mr. Crothers. the happy groom, is the
son of Mr. and Mrs. John Crothers of
San Jose, and nephew of the late Senator
Fair. He graduated from Stanford in '92
and in '94 from the law department of
the University of Michigan. He is a
Shriner, a prominent Mason, being a
member of California Lodge, Golden
Gate Commandery, and senior member of.
the law firm of Crothers & Crothers. =
Mr. Crothers' charming young bride is
a Portland girl, but since the death of
her father several years since, she has
made her home with Mr. and Mrs. James
Scott, who have always regarded the
bride of yesterday as a member of their
family. Mrs. Crothers graduated from
the Portland Girls' High School, and since
her residence in this city has been devot
ing her time to the study of art and
music. Her family has always occupied
a prominent place in Oregon social life,
and both her father and grandfather were
prominent in journalistic and political cir
cles.
RITCHIE LIVINGSTON DUNN has
gone on to New* York to meet his
bride-to-be, Mrs. Gertrude Allen
Witcher, who has been spending
the past few months abroad. Mrs. Wit
cher. who i3 the daughter of Mrs. James
Costigan, is an Oakland girl and has
many friends both in this city and the
little town across the bay, who had hoped
to be present at her wedding. But that
hope will not now be realized. Dunn is an
impatient lover and he has arranged to
marry the fair vourig widow in Xew York
City immediately upon her return from
abroad. Mrs. Wltcher is due in New York
early next week.
Ritchie Dunn, the happy groom-to-be,
is ihe son of James Dunn, vice president
and manager of the American Biscuit
Company. Mr. Dunn has enjoyed the ad
vantage of extensive traveling. lie Is a
trusted employe of the biscuit company
and a great favorite in both commercial
and social circles.
The Edict Against "Rough House"
Accepted With Good Grace
Although Opinions Differ
Widely on the Subject.
BERKELEY. Augr. 30.— Rushing at the
University of California is a thing of the
past. President Benjamin Ide Wheeler
has emphatically forbidden the organized
rush which was to have taken place thi8
week between the sophomores and the
freshmen, and spontaneous rushing is for
bidden at all times under pain of expul
sion: The class spirit which prompted the
tying up and hazing of rival classmen
must change to something more In keep
ing with what has been called "the new
order of things" at the university.'
Many students believe that the arraign
ment of the sophomore class, by Presi
dent Wheeler yesterday was too severe
and even uncalled for. Others are oi the
opinion that the sophomores dc-served all
they got when they were rebuked by
Wheeler for rushing the freshmen. On
all sides are expressions of regret at the
lamentable occurrence in the gymnasium
la.pt week.
Student opinion differs widely on the
question of rushing: in general. Some
yearn for a "rough house" at any and all
times, but these choice spirits must now
find vent for their superfluous energy in
"lifting" icecream from church socials
and freshmen receptions. Others think
the organized rush a good thing in which
to work off an unusual pressure of class
spirit. Others hold that students of this
ago have outgrown the rush, and that
"class spirit" is merely another name for
the desire of human beings to punch some
one else's head. But there will be no
more rushing this term, and if the mem
ory of students who are still shaking over
the narrow escape from expulsion just
passed lasts there will be no more rush
ing at the State University.
On the whole the students accept the
edict against mshing with good grace.
Rebuke to Sophomores
Too Severe.
¦ " — - *
Students Believe President's
RUSHING IS NOW
ENDED FOREVER
AT UNIVERSITY
Kel'.y and Crimmins have thrown up the
Their managers In every district
have recogr.ized the authority of the re
turr.liig b<>ard and a single County Con
ventloa composed of delegates to ¦whota
. ••r.tiais have bet-n Issued by order of
board is now assured.
District commiltpemen who pet their
ierr. tr<>7n the Mint raloon delivereil to
- retnrnSns board at the County Central ;
CcmxsittM hondquarti-rs yesterday after-,
naan cornpTote returns frr>m tha Twenty
eighth. Thirtieth, Thirty-eighth. Forty
second. Forty-third ami Forty-fifth iiis- i
tricts. Kven the Kelly-Crimmins side-:
show returns from the Twenty-ninth Dis- ;
trlct were taker, in to the board, although ;
credentials ha<i already Iwn ordered is- j
sued to the opposing ticket. j
Evidences of the Inost liare-faccd frauds
perpetrated during the recent Rppublican
I nmary was prodaoed last night at the ¦
liearins of the Forty-third Assembly Dis
vr;ct contest before the sub-committee c j
the murning board. A bundle of SO
till is. al: t..r the regular candidates.
La»i hau been tbrown out into tue street |
B . . not counted, was brought before the
! rnmittee together with trustworthy ;
tviucr.ee that those b»ll"its had been ,
voted but not counted, and other «jvi- ;
o.u.co that Btuffla*. repeating ami cheat- ,
tn i] . rar.\J.-s was rosorien to by the i
eily-dimmim faction la order to carry |
u ditirict that was 5 to I against the j
The i'a.<c for the contestants was begun. I
by T. K. Kasc realms a number of affl- j
ca\its irorn election f>lticf=re ar.<l reputable |
citizens to the effee* that all the frauds ]
Unowa to dishonest pnmanes were prac- |
-wc-e<3 at er.ch prf-tinct. l-'olioe Olnrer R.
Ai Uarry. who was on duty at 1'recinct •
N i 2 made affidavit that the ballots, re- I
turr.s and tally sheet? were seized after;
the coma and passed out into the crowd,
a-.d that be was able to recover only a
j . -,i,'i of them; also that K. O. Kobrecht
admitted to him that he hud pass-sd the
riiy shetts to jsorae man unknown to
J. J. Cavar.aujrh. insp*H-.tor at Precinct
No 2 was the iiret witness. He described
h<'v; the ballots and returns were seized
just ai the dose of the count while a
howling mob surrounded and jvtstled him.
He was sure that thirty or forty fraudu
lent votes' were cast, and knew of ten or
twelve repeaters whose votes were cast
i: spi'p of him.
Frank P. ShiWley. a judge at Precinct
No. 1. faid that cf S2S votes cast at Uiat
polling place he believed 225 were fraudu-
H^ fhalifneed fifteen or twenty
EttrfTerS, hut was overruled.
M;riin Kelly came about 3 o'clock."
Ehibeley paid, '.'and vhi'e he was thorc
th«' Btliffen and repeater? were particu
lar^ industrir.us. A r<"«!-heade<i bartender
*it i,^<n Frank's saloon voted six tirni=s. '
Dozens of strangers to me voted undei
the names cf men I know."
J< !~.r. H. Harncy of the same precinct
;-!:. it v/air the worst primarj- he ever
: it, lie challenged a number of men that
.• knew were i-tuffers. but to no purpose.
"Finally .** Harney paid, "a man unmi.*
talcibly of. the Hebrew persuapion came
tsp and* voted as Edward Casey. That set
t ¦ I me. I tlidn't prute.-^t at anything
eft»r that."
iSldence was produced that Robert
Cochran a Democrat, voted as Ilobert
Wall, and that Thomas Con boy. the Dcm
pcratl« poHtlcian. was an active assistant'
to J-hn J. Curry, late Democrat, and .
S • !< -n" Fagen. the chief workers for
the Kclly-Crimmins ticket. >
Jan> ? J. Coyie testified t!'.at he was out
imlling place of precinct No. 2
:.t' 7:C o'clock, when a bundle of
us eras phoved out through a hole in
: H»» secured them after a strug-
S took them to George J. Boynp.
••; gava hi? testimony and told
•:rr.:r.f those tickets over to the com-
Th*»y «frc produced.- to the evi
• • : : (¦".:?cnrr.titurc of the K>!ly-Crirnmins
prwent. amore them bririK John J.
1 • and F. O. Robr^cht. The tiek^tp,
S in number, were ftrung together
cad showed creases nh^re they had been
evidence of half a dozen witnesses
5 that at leapt 400 -vot*s had been
t, wb«reas only 170 were counted: that
- • ¦• .y:r.jr b«ran without the precaution
< f first coL:r:t:np the ballots cast: that the
Eckets were panly Kfparated into piles
d Ktmr.g together before the counting
began, than piving an opportunity for tho
K^ily-Crimm'.r.s heelers who crowded into
ih*> polling place to make away with a
I irr 1 .:^ of the Carmany or anti-boss bal
lot«.
.! .-<•<»» Shaen of the internal revenue
• who wa? in charge of the case for
the respondents. a=ked that the hearing
1 f continued until this evening at 8
o'clock, in order that witnesses might b
produced in rebuttal. Th* committee ccn
!•¦••¦:. The defense fully realizes the
ftrenpth of the evidence aprainst th?m and
•will throw asirt* thflr indiffere.nce and
make every effort to pain recognition for
thrir <"an'ii(latea.
The committee nerldr-d tn recommend
the ifj=uar.f-e .if credential* m the face of
the returns from the Twentv-elehth.
Thirtieth. Thirty-eighth and Forty-fifth"
districts. The returns from the lower
j:"^:ict of the Forty-second signed b'v
John Philip Manning, otherwise known to
t-V tenderloin a.p Heffprr.an. as Inspec
tor, showed tho grossest falsifications on
th^ir face, and action was deferred Fo-
The Kf-lly-Crimmins ticket the tallv' stWt
Fhows but thirty votes tallied and where
thf» total is fntfred an 8 la place<i a'ftt^r
Tl-.e .*y», making the result 30^ votes
BEAE CLUB MAKING READY.
Itfew Members Being Enrolled and th*»
Organization Band Is Near
ing Perfection.
The Bear Club, whose banner* boar the
t --its of many a hard fought political bat
-¦ . !s taking en new strength for the
I taln£ campaign. The club's band, which
3? composed entirely of members of the or
pa:;:ration. is practicing regularly, and
:hf opening of the campaign will find it
V.ry.i to the occasion. This club bears
the distinction of being the only one in
the c:ty supporting a band.
The regular weekly meeting of the club
w;if • <id last evening at headquarters,
123 Edd* street. Over a score of new mem
1>< rs ¦»:¦« admitted to membership and the
application* of many others were received.
The riu:. is at present making arrange
ments for th*» observance of the opening
«>f the campaign. Senator Fairbanks wm
1 - escorted by the organization to the fv-
U-cted hall on September 15. when the
¦word will ro forth to the supporters of
the Republican party that the fight is on.
Two battalion will compose the escort.
3n or.*- will a;.j»ear the old members of the
<-1ti1j in Ftrikit.s uniform, in the other boys
In Khaki, heroes of the Philippine war.
who* number.- will stand a? a stable ar
gument in supp rt of the administration.
President Tho:r»as W. Collins announced
last evening that the club would hold
vwkly meetings until the end of the cam
laisn. .
Telegraph Hill Factions at "War.
The Sullivan anr! O'Brien factions of
Telegraph Hill haO a battle royal last
right in whirh clubs .ind hatchets weie
lirouKht into play. That none of the com
batants *fis killed i* due to the timely
arrival of Police Sergeant Chrlstensen and
a posse of officer*. Tim O"Brien was bad
ly beaten about the head and face during
the melee. He claims that the Sulllvans
ir-pulted hi* lady friend and then set on
him for taking: her part. William Sullivan
was the only warrior jailed.
Sensational Testimony Before Com
• mittce as to Gross Frauds Com
mitted at Forty-Third Dis
trict Polling Places.
Bosses Forced to Acknowl
edge Authority of Re
turning Board.
RETURNS FROM
EVERY DISTRICT
ARE SUBMITTED
VAN'COUVER. B. C, Aug. 30.— The
strike of railway mechanics against the
Canadian Pacific Railway has been de
clared oft* .and the men in all the shops
from Fort William to Vancouver will re
turn to work to-morrow. ¦¦-.-¦ A
TO REDUCE WAGES.
Fall River Manufacturers Circulate
an Agreement.
FALL RIVER, Mass.. Aug. 30.— An
agreement is being circulated among
manufacturers in this city calling for a
reduction in wages of 11 1-9 per cent tu
take effect September IT, affecting all
Kail River operatives. The signatures of
mjll agents representing about IJXXmBO
spindles, or one-third of the corporations
of the city, have already been obtained.
The cause for the secrecy observed in
circulating the agreement lies in the fact
that by making the plan public now
stockhold*rs who are opposed to a reduc
tion at this period of the year might
thwart the plan of the selling committee
and buyers might discount the effect of
the reduction and irsist upon a propor
tionate decrease in the print cloth quota
tions.
Idaho Strikers' Case.
Verdict Against Strikers.
BOISE. Idaho. Aug. 30.— Yesterday A. A.
Fraser made application to Chief Justice
Huston of the Supreme Court for a writ
of error In the case of Paul Corcoran, the
North Idaho miner, who Is serving a term
in the State penitentiary, having been
convicted of participation in" the Coetir
d'Alene riot?. A constitutional question
was raised, it being urged that Corcoran
had been denifd the compulsory process
of the lower court. The Chief Justice <5°
niod the application. Attorney Fraser will
leave shortly for Washington to lay the
matter before the United States Supreme
Court.
LONDON*. Aug. 20.— A verdict against
picketing during a strike was rendered to
day by Justice Farwell of the High Court
of Justice, who enjoined General Secre
tary' Bell of the Amalgamated Society of
Railway Servants and Organizing Secre
tary Holmes from watching and besetting
the Groat Western Railroad station and
approaches -with a view to Inducing non
unionists to refrain from taking the place.*
of Taff-Vale railroad strikers.
Fall Rivrer Manufacturers Are Circu
lating an Agreement Calling
for a Reduction in Wages
at Mills.
All Canadian Pacific Me
chanics Will Return to
the Shop3 To-Day. ..
RAILWAY MEN
DECLARE THE
STRIKE OFF
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, AUGUST 31, 1900.
OFF TO NEW YORK TO
MEET HIS FIANCEE
ATTORNEY CROTHERS
WEDS MISS BENJAMIN
RITCHIE LI\aXGSTONDUNN AND HIS BRIDE-TO-BE.
A farewell recital by little Paloma
Schramm will be' given to-morrow after
noon at 2:30 at Sherman & Clay's Hall. :
The programme .will include the D minor '
fantasie of Mozart; Walther's Preisleld, ;
\Vagner-Bendel: a Chopin Impromptu; ¦
Schubert variations; "Hark! Hark! the
Lark." Schubert-Liszt, and other Interest*- ,¦
Ing. numbers. . , v -" ¦ $&. "¦
Decision for Ferns.
DETROIT. Aug. 30.— Jim Ferns?:'was
given the decislcn over ! Matty '-Matthews
of New York to-night at the end*of fif
teen rounds. Both were on their* feet ' at
the end of the fifteenth, and the decision
did not meet with favor. Referee Hogan
said in explanation of his decision 'that
Ferns landed three blows to Matthews'
one. They weighed in this afternon>at
142 pounds. The victory entitles Ferns to
the welter-weight championship. '-,>>¦
Alaska Belle Charged by Mrs. Fleish
man—Other Suits Filed and
Decrees Granted.
"Skaguay Kate", has finally got mixed
up in the divorce court of this city not as
an abused wife, however, but as a viva
cious co-respondent. Mrs. Daisy R.
Fleishman makes this charge against
"Skaguay Kate," who is otherwise known
as Hattle Levier, in a suit filed yesterday
against Mlhon E. Fleishman for divorce.
Mrs Fleishman alleges that she married
her husband on March 20, 1S95. Two years
later they went to Alaska. Her husband,
she says, left her and went to Tanana
and thence to Rampart City, bhe followed
and found him basking in the smiles of
Miss Levier. Hence the suit.
Fmma J. Brand was granted a divorce
vesterday by Judge Belcher from Harry
Brand on the ground of extreme cruelty.
Mrs Brand testified as to her marriage to
the 'defendant in Honolulu and her sub
sequent suffering when he accused her of
holding a young man's hand and other
"imilar indiscretions. The plaintiff was
allowed to resume her maiden name,
Dlckev Decrees of divorce have also
been granted Lena E. Geandrot from Al
fred J Geandrot on the ground of failure
lo provide. Adelaide Marshall from Wil
liam J Marshall on the ground of willful
neclect and Marie Du CIos from Alexan
der Du CIob on the ground of desertion.
Suits for divorce have been tiled by
Marv Higgins against James H. HIggins
for cVueUy. Celeste K. Begin against Jo
seDhrl Begin for infidelity . Ella A. Sbaw
against' Edward J. Shaw for failure to
provide. Retta A. Goggins against Henry
S Goggins for desertion. Mary E. Reed
against William - O. Reed . for cruelty.
Bmilla Berckmoos against Edward Berck
moes for desertion and Josephine Norton
against James L. Norton for desertion.
At the election of officers for the Press
fclub t yesterday the following were elect
ed: ¦¦'• Fred S. Myrtle, president: George D.
Squires 1 vice president: John J. Harrison,
secretary: T. F. Bonnet, treasurer; El
more ' Lefflngwell, librarian: directors— H.
L, . Baggerly, H. C. Best, James P.. Booth,
Colonel H. P. Bush, James A. Carey, L.
C- Carpenter. ;.
9
THE NEWLY WEDDED COUPLETHE SAN FRANCISCO CALL^ FRIDAY, AUGUST 31, 1900
10
DR. BUZARITS VX3K Hospital. Post. Flllmore—
Advice and medicine, 73c; city visits, Jl 50; all
animals treated; dogs boarded. Tel. W>st 638.
DR. Creel y's C. P. mange cure and worm pills
by druggists or at hcspital. 510 Golden Gate av.
10 TO 30 days' free rent, houses, flats.
819 Union, f., 7 r.$27 50 1694 Page, n.f., 4 r..$20
924 Hyde. f.. 6 r.. 35 00 53 Tremont av. c.6r. 20
1340 Webster, f.,6r 27 50 221 Austin av.. f . 4 r 14
1990 Ellis, f., 6 r.. 18 00 1424 Howard, f., 4 r.. 11
Flats wanted. A. M. SPECK & CO.. 667 Mkt.
CALIFORNIA. 2911— Sunny flat of 7 rooms and
bath, with larse basement. >
DORE, 257, off Harrison, between Ninth, and
Tenth — Flat of 4 sunny rooms; $10.
FLAT of 4 rooms; bay-window and bath; $12.
716 Natoma St.. between Eighth and Ninth.
FRANKLIN. 20« — Nice, clean, sunny flat of 4
rooms and bath.
IF you want to move get printed list flats to let
from BALDWIN & HOWELL, 10 Montgomery.
LOWER flat of 4 rooms and bath; rent $16
1501 Vallejo St., between Polk and Van Ness
ave. . • .
SACRAMENTO. 1361— Flat of 3 rooms; sun all
day; rent $12 50.
SUNNY bay-window flat: six rooms and bath.
33C7 Twenty-first Bt., corner Valencia.
SUNNY flat. 3 or 4 rooms and bath; furnished
cr unfurnished: low rent. 941 Jackson st.
UPPER rear sunny flat of 4 rooms. 118 Leaven-
worth Bt.
$20— HANDSOME rtat;- choice location: warm
belt; splendid view. Ill Liberty, nr. Guerrero^
$16; INCLUDING gas and water; SunfurnlabaU
rooms, with yard. 1023 Suttcr st. "./ . &£££
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 paees. sent to any address in tha
United States or Canada one year for $L"»*> -»T
flat:/ to let. — furnished. 1 -- ."
COMPLETELY furnished flat; sun all • day- 7
rooms, bath; modern improvements; 'adults
1726 Turk at.; 2 to 5 p.m. \.
NICELY furnished flat of 4 rooms to let cheao
Inquire at 336 Fifth Bt -" P y
HELP WASTED-MALE. •
TWO sticker and two matcher hands In San
Francisco manufacturing establishment;
~ steady employment year round to suitable
;;,tren; wages J3 to J3 50. ' Box 4007. Call offlce.
WAITED — Laborers and mechanics to. know
f-.thfttiEd Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, still
'g-runil Denver House. 217 Third St.; 150 large
t. rooms; 25o per night; $1 to $2 per week.
APPRENTICE boy by a ladies' tailor, to learn
) trade complete. 2107 Flllmore Bt.
"VT ANTED^-Young butcher. People's Market.
;v corner ¦ Sixteenth and ¦ Noe Bts. '. .
SECURITY : deposit put up for street railway
, employes. SHALMOUNT,; 1406 Pine. M p. in.
DENTIST wanted at . room 11. ; 1065 Washlng-
' ton . «t.. Oakland; graduate or licentiates
' BARBER wanted for Saturday. 266 First St.
• TAILOR and operator for Los Angeles; steady
Job. GREENBERG & CO.. Flood building.
• UNDERPRESSER on vests. BELASCO St
" HARRIS CO.. 541 Market St.
' BUSHELMAN wanted; steady Job. PAUSON
& CO., 200 Kearny st.
: TAILOR— ROOS BROS.. 25-37 Kearny st.
' WANTED— A tailor. 520 Kearny St.. first floor,
room 1.
; COATMAKER and bushelman. for country by
! REISS BROS. & CO., 24 Sutter St.
LIVE solicitor for real estate Office; sober and
! reliable. SKIFF, 304 Montgomery st.
ERRAND boy wanted. R. L. TOPLITZ & CO.,
C49 Market st. .
I YOUNG men pressers on vests. Apply E. II.
> LEVY (Inc.). 513 Market st.
• BARBER wanted for Saturday and Sunday at
1648 Mission st. • .
[ ' . " .
1 BOOTBLACK wanted at Tlvoll Shaving Par-
lors. 32 Eddy St.. - - - - - .
i DISHWASHER wanted at 506 Howard st., near
First. . -
, WANTED— To : lease a route of a morning or
evening paper. Box 4050, Call offlce.
, WANTED— Boy. 330 Kearny Bt.
• WANTED— A '¦ man that ' understands . nursery
work and flower business. 500 Haight «t.'
EXPERIENCED operators on negligee shirts
pood nay. 27 Jessie St.. fifth floor.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st. 4fltttftaaHmtfaHH0aJH9Hi
WANTED— Women and girls to work on fruit.
1731 Folsom st.. between 13th and 14th.
PRESSERS wanted on overshlrts. BRENNER-
ULMAN CO., 17 Battery st.
A LITTLE girl fcr light housework; wages $8.
.£7 Stevenson St., off Ninth.
MRS. DR. WYETH, reliable specialist; 23 yrs."
practice: home In confinement: treatment at
offlce, JS; any ailment: consultation free: con-
fidential. 942 Post St.. bet. Hyde and Larktn.
ilRS. M. ALLEN. 1033 Market— Ladles' speclal-
ist; home in confinement :_safe and reliable;
consultation free: hours 10 to 8.
DR. and MRS. M. WEGENER— Private home
In confinement. 1312 Golden Gate ave.
DR. WISE— The only genuine ladles' specialist.
¦ Offlce 111S Market st.
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, treats all dis-
ease* of the human hortv. 115 Mason st.
BIIXES AND MINING.
LADY having valuable mining property In Mex-
ico would like to dispose of Interest to respon-
sible parties; no promoter*. Box 1895. Call.
¦ MISCELLANEOUS — FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 193-13T Fremont »t.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters,
linoleum, new and second-hand: we always
have a large stock of saloon outfits on hand;
32 complete outfits on our floor, ready made;
we can ship everything In 24 hours. J.
NOONAN. 1017. 1019. 1021. 1023 Mission St..
above Sixth; write for catalogue.
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys
etc. WHITELAW, 21S Spear st.
STEEL tanks, all sizes; suitable for water or
oil: cheap: all shapes; second-hand. H. S.
WHITE. 516 Mission st.
'A— ANEROID for $7 50; cost J1S
¦ t UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant ave. . '
A— 100 H. P. engine, boiler., two drill air com-
pressor. JARDINES. 220 Fremont st.
A— $3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 75 p 0D -
ular Price Hatters. 330 Kearny st. near Pine.
THOROUGHBRED fox terrier eleven montaa
old: house broken. Box 4022. Call office.
60 YARDS of loam for sale. 132S Fifteenth at.
A 4-H. P. HERCULES gasoline engine; great
bargain; guaranteed. Epstein. 533. Mission it.
OFFICES AND STORES TO LET.
EMMA SPRECKELS building. 927 Market-
Offices, light and sunny. $15 to $20 per month-
light, heat. Janitor and um of tel. Included."
TO LET— J24 Pacific st. : newly painted iaxgi
handsome store; very cheap.
FOR rent; very cheap: store and large base-
ment; S31 Howard. MADISON A BURKE.
TO rent— Modern store: well lighted- 25x140-
rent reasonable. 32S Hayes st. *««*w.
PERSONALS.
I. JAMES McGRAm^iiTn^t be responsible"
for any debts contracted by my wife M\U-
OARET McQRATH. after this day.
BEST windows in the city to riew the parada
on the 10th of September, facing Market st
junction of Market. Eddy and Powell- er^
trance 3 Eddy st. EMERY & SMITH, roomt
THE HUDSON RIVER CO.. ' "
Mattresses and pillow, ina.te"*?^^?"^
covered and renovated: honest work guaran-
l££- P - r^ 9defy competition,: fine upholsterv;
phone factory. 31S and 320 Eleventh si.-
first-class cleaning and dyeing. 403 Sutter «t.*
San Francisco. *
WHY SUFFER? " '
Persona afflicted with Rheumatism (no mat-
ter of how long standing). or any other chronlo
SOld. 1409 \ an Ness ave.-the up-to-date In-
stitution* for treatment. We have 25 yea's'
experience. , Charges r-ascnable. ¦
JULIANISM — Julian MacRae. Initiate iui
opened his classes for spirit unfnldment ard
Adeptshlp on Tuesday and Thursday evening
8 o'clock- free lecture Friday eve.. S o'clock
consultatrbn dally. 3 to 5. 513 Golden Gate ave.*
LEDEF.ER. the popular hairdresser doe* th*
between Seventh and Eighth. "?*""* "-.
HAIR quickly curled or waved by nslM Tal-
cou'« cuxUx* fluU: 33c a bottle ;dru«^tat
WANTED-A good finisher on pants at 935
Market st.. room 16. ,7~'~T
ETORr. fixture*, living-rooms and basement.
1043 Guerrero et.. near corner Twenty-third.
PHYSICIAN, regular, has tplenflid location tn
nice flourishing town, good surrounding coun-
try, no opposition and a rziap; health is bad
and my practice has b?en from $230 to $30<J
Tier month; a healthy man can make more
Ad3rr-8!>, for one week, A. Z. WATEUBURY
ireneral Selivery, Sacramento. Cal.
DRUGSTORE: established over 25 years- cen-
trally located; tent only $30 per month': will
be wold lor half the value of stock. Address
OOLDMEYEK. 1123 Gre^n Ft.
EARBER *hep in Martinez. Contra Costa
County; two good Koch hydraulic rhairs and
Bhop fixtures: ceod business. Address p O
box £31. Martin**. Cal.
S300-COAL and feed yard and express bust-
ness; 4. horses and 5 wagons; good building-
living room*; long lease; excellent chance-
good location. 2335 Sixteenth et. '
TO rent— For coal yard, milk depot, etc - fine
locr.tion: place is entirely covered; contains 1
stalls; rent only $13; water free. Inquire WM
HENDR1CKSON & CO.. ei4 Call building. '
JIARn business opportunity; an old-e«tablishe<]
restn.urc.nt doing a large business; can seat 1G0
r-eop:*; reason for selling. «~wner has other
l«cs:nes». Box 4C3S. Call offlce. -
$;S00— OLD-ESTABLISHED corner grocery and
bar: good locality: rent $45; must sell on ac-
t-cunt of poor health. Address box 4017 Call
office. - ;
fl'iO-CORKER grocery and bar, with 4 living
looms. 1111 Howard et.. corner Lane-ton.
fcALOON on busy etreet: doing rood business.
Particular! U. S. Brewery. 315 Fulton et;
CIGAR and etationery store: living rooms;
S»od batistes; cicknees. SOS Folaom «t.
RELIABLE waitress wanted. Apply 448 Third
street.
WANTED— Experienced Ironers. Apply United
States Laundry. Sixteenth and Mission sts.
RESTAURANT— Must sell at once on account
of richness. 118 Dmmm st. *
WAIST hands wanted at 1111 Van Nees ave.
GERMAN girl wanted: general housework;
small family; wages $20. 30S Turk St.
WANTED— Store near ferry, on rood business
rtreet. suitable for good clam lunch counter
Apply P.. 843 Mission st.
FLATS TO LET.
PANTS operators and finishers; also good sew-
ers; good wages. 872 Howard st.
APPRENTICES for hair work and hairdress-
ers wanted at G. LEDERER'S, 123 Stockton.
FINANCIAL.
IF you have stocks or bonds of any kind for
Bale, call or address PACIFIC COAST UN-
PERWRITINQ CO.. 504 Parrott building.
INTELLIGENT. Industrious rlrls wanted as
stockkeepers aad salesladies at millinery. 1323
Stockton st.
A— DR. V. CAVALSKY has returned from
• the Paris Exposition with some of the finest
patents for painless dentistry, plates, teeth
without a plate, crown and bridge work; all
work warranted: plates, full set. $3; fillings.
COc; crown. *3 50. Chicago Dental Parlors.24 6th.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
• and fillings; extractions or fllllngs by my won-
derful secret, painless method; 20 years' ex-
perience; no students; advice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell Bt.
CROWN and bridge work experts; our work Is
unexcelled and our prices are the lowest; call
and foe our samples and get our prices before
going elsewhere; best of references; examina-
tion free. DRS. PERKINS & DOVEY. 1019
Market 'st., bet. Sixth and Seventh; elevator.
TEETH extracted free: plates. J5 ; crowns. $3 50 ;
brldgework, (5; all the latest methods for
painless dentistry; hours, 'j a. m. to 9 p. m.
Modern Dental Parlors, 1206 Market, cor. G.O.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 144J Market, nr. Eleventh
— No charge for extracting when plates an
made; old plates mode over like new: teeth
from $S per set; extracting, DOc; gas given.
DR. ALBERT HILL. 830 Market, cor. Stockton,
for a perfect cet of teeth and teeth without
plates; lowest prlcrn for best work.'
PARIS Dental Parlor. 233 s 1Ceamy, cor. Bush--
Full pet of teeth. $4; crowns, 13; fllllngs, 25c
VAN VROOM — "Painless": evenings and Sun-'
days. 1001 Market st., corner Sixth.
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. O.
YOUNG. 1841 Polk et. _^_^
A WEEK'S news for 5 cent* — The. Weekly Call.
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing." Jl per year.
DOG HOSPITALS.
EYES examined free; >«pectacles properly ad-
justed. N. Manaswe. oculist optician. 910 Mkt.
6ALOON or. busy street; doing good business
Particulars U. S. Brewery. 815 Fulton st.
RESTAURANT: heart of city; don't fail- call
this day. COWING. 719 Market st.
COUNTRY hotel and livery stable; clears 1300
month: caure. death. COWING. 719 Market.
OYSTER and chop house; a money maker-
come quick. COWING & CO., 719 Market st.'
For r?T<.t— Restaurant; good country town;
rr.a!n etreet: 11 tables; chairs, range." fixtures'-
running order; rent $20. LANE. 8« Market.'
SUPERIOR v!o!!ns. zithers, old and new. H.
MULL.ER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
REDUCTION tale: new pianos: Jo payments:
for rent. $2 ui>. BRUEN'N*. 208 Post st.
W. G. BADGER. 112 Sacramento st.. agent for
Francis Bacon and Hallett & Davis pianos.
BARGAIN— Good piano cheap: Installment $3
per month. SCHMITZ, 16 McAllister St.
SOHMER & CO.. Ryron Maury. Oabler. Hamil-
ton piano*. ICS Post St., opp. Union square.
THE WILEY B. ALLEN CO.. 31» Post St.;
Hardman. Conover and other pianos.
5 TRAY nailers and 10 men to pick prunes;
Casa Delmas. New Mountain View. Address
box 4056, Call.
WANTED— 500 boys and agents to sell official
badges of N. S. G. W. for the semi-centennial
celebration. F. SCHWALBE. 616 Market St.
WANTED — Gentleman of neat appearance as
Insurance solicitor on commission only. Ap-
ply A. M. SPECK & CO.. 667 Market St.
WANTED — 2 good barbers for Saturday: wages
$3 50. 797 Mission St., corner Fourth. .
WANTED— First-class barber; guaranteed $12.
947 Fillmore st.
GOOD barber Saturday and Sunday. 623 Union
.st., near Powell.
GOOD barber Saturday, and Sunday. 804 Fol-
som st.
BARBER for Saturday and Sunday, $4 50. £58
Fourth st. •
WANTED— A woman experienced. In teaching
who wishes to change her occupation. Box
4042, Call.
YOUNG girl or middle-aged woman- to assist
general housework in Berkeley; good home;
small wages. Box 4039, Call.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia St.
DENTISTS.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. 809 Mar-
ket St., cor. 4th, rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
¦without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
$3 U) up: platea. extractions free, H 50 up; of-
fice hours, ft a. m. to 10 p. m. : Sundays, 9 to 2
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON. M. D., Manager.
A GIRL for g-eneral housework. Apply at 514
BE In the swim; rent a new piano for J3 per
month. SCOTT-CURT AZ CO.. f.GO Hayes st.
WANTED— Woman for cooking and general
housework; country: $15. Call 1842 O'Farrel.
MILLINTRY store, best on this coa.«t. for sale
this day. COWING & CO.. 718 Market st.
A— *4O; PARTNER wanted: t" a month gvar-
ameei; call to-day. COWING. 719 Market Ft.
$400— CORN KR grocery and bar. with 4 living
rooms. 1111 Howard st., corner Langton.
YOUNG man wants situation; understands
horses, cows and garden; reference. Address
214 Third St., room 36.
FIST-CLASS vestmaker. 8V4 Antonio St.. off
Jones, near Ellis; good wages; steady work.
A -$?."*: HOME Kitchen: receipts $15 day man
COWING & CO.. 71S. Market St.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No charge un-
less successful. Room 310, S27 Market Bt,'
EXPERIENCED man; position of responsibil-
ity: cashier or collections; bond. Box 4013
Call office.
SLAUGHTF.R *a!<» of upright pianos for stor-
age. J50 up. WILSON'S 'torage. 1710 Market.
WANTED — 9 good squar* pianos, suitable for
•?hools. BYRON MAUZY. 3iS Post st.
WANTED— 20 girls to shell walnuts. Apply»123
Clay St.. upstairs, between 8 and 10.
MME. SYBILLE— Cradle to grave; future hus-
band's picture, 25c; ladies. S14 O'Farrell st.
WANTED — Employment as practical nurse.
Address GEO. ROWE, 2624 Sutter St.
FIRST-CLASS tailcress: custom vests; maker.
3 Hardie pi., off Kearny, nr. Bush, rm. 7. 6 fl.
A — J6rtO: OLD- ESTAB. restaurant; close to
Chronicle building: average receipts about $60
pf-r day; rent J7i; a splendid offer: owner will
allow r. days' trial. Call It. G. WILKE, 26^
K«-arny, Ft.
REMOVAL sal*: all must go by Saturday.
Sept. 1. HEINE PIANO CO.. 13« Ellis st.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry; truth or no pay; 25c. 1149 Mission.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently: business
advice; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
WANTED — Upright piano for cash; about $100.
Address 342 Krarny st.
A— i~X>: CANDY store and icecream parlor in
Onkland: beautiivlly furnished and a. No. 1
paying business; rent J€w; owner compelled
by lil health to retire. See R. G. WILKE.
16^ Kearny st.
MME. SCHAFFER. clairvoyant, card reader;
sittings daily. 212H Sixth st.
MME. ZEREDA. the gypsy. Is the great palm-
ist and card reader; 25c. 7 Seventh; no sign.
FIRST-CLASS coachman for private family;
sober, neat appearance; well posted In the
city; good driver and worker; many years
with same employer; best reference. Address
R.> Saunallto. Cal.
WANTED— By a thoroughly competent book-
keeper and office man, a position; consider-
able exnerlence in sale of goods; best city
references. Address H. W., box 4048, Call.
JAPANESE honest boy wants situation; cook,
help, housework, waiter. Address M. MIYA,
14 Sellna place, off California st.
DR. and MRS. DAVIES, 1223 Market St.— Relt-
able ladles' and gents' specialists; 32 years'
practice; have treated thousands of cases suc-
cessfully; a positive cure guaranteed at of-
flce; ladles treated can return home the same
day: try the celebrated HINDO HERB treat-
ment for home cure; any one can use It by di-
rections; perfectly harmless: home for confine-
ment. Send five 2-cent stamps for circular.
MRS. DR. KOHL, the well-known and reliable
ladies' specialist: guaranteed treatment at of-
flce, $3; positive cure; home for patients be-
fore and during confinement; skillful medical
attention; consultation free and confident!*;.
448 Eddy St.. bet. Leavenworth and Hyde.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL. the world-renowned
ladles' specialist; safe and reliable; has prac-
ticed in San Francisco for years; treated thou-
sands of cases successfully; treatment can be
used at home; consultation free. After al!
others fall call on him. 1023'4 Market st.
DRS. GOODWIN. well-known ladles' specialists,
have returned from Europe; safe and reltable: I
cure {'.: have treated thousands' of case* with ;
success: 15 years' practice In S. F. : maternity 1
home; low fees. lfiGT 1 * Market St.. near Sixth.
A— NEW process: great progress In medicai
science; every woman her own physician; no
medicine nr rills used; can be used at home
DR. POPPER. 31S Kearny »t. j
NO TOY KEE, Chinese doctor: cure? consump-
tion, cancer, catarrh, etc.: all diseases treat-
ed: s«nd for testimonials: advice free. Sani-
tarium, 704 Sacramento st., corner Kearny.
A— $1000; I1AKERY, 2 blocks south of Market
Et.: place ettab. years; doing a good business-;
all sure trade; rent J43: 1^.' to 2 barrels per
gay. Particulars It. G. WILKE. 2CI* Keaifiy.
A— J.".rc; CORNER Faloon in wholesale district;
<-.--.! tnar.y years and doing a eood business;
rent S'/0; a first-class proportion. Call R. G.
WILKE. 26M Kearny st.
MEDICAL.
SPECIAL bargains sale thia week— Hardmana.
Hazeltons. Dewing Bros.. Chas« Brcs.; n ma
extra good bargains In second-hand uprijjhts.
At THE J. DEWING CO.. Flood building.
REMOVAL of Keeffe's piano store from Van
Neys to 933 Market, bet. 5th and «th. next
Hale Bros..& will continue reduction sale for
2 weeks: onen ev'ngs; call and get low prices.
VIOLIN strings ; never wet: best in the world;
making and repairing of all kinds cf musical
Instruments. Carl 1.'. Anderson. 417 G«ary st.
MAN with 15 years' experience a= manager of
cne of the largest mills In the East wants a
position; understands all .kinds wood-work-
ing machines and care of saws. Address box
2019. Call office, Oakland.
FOUND — St. Bernard dog. Owner can have
same at 901 Valencia st.
FOUND— Male greyhound. Owner can have by
calling at 3997 Seventeenth and pay expenses.
GOOD bartender wants position; good refer-
ences. NE. corner Second and Howard sts.
GOOD s<ji:are pianos from $2) to $2C0.
3 f.n» grand pianos from $173 to $430.
5 second-hand uprights from J75 to J2T3.
1 Steinway. 1 Steck. 1 Weber. 1 Curtaz.
RENJ. CTTKTA2 & SON. 16 O'Farreli st.
BUTLER, $40 and found: cook and wife, coun-
try hotel, $10; boarding-house cook. $40; 3
nis:ht cooks, $8 and $10: cook, country res-
taurant. J35; hotel waiters. $35; baker. $14
week; baker's helper, J25 and found; dish-
washers for hotels and restaurants. $25 and
$30; porters and others. J. F. CROSETT
AGENCY, 62S Sacramento st.
ENGLISH coachman. {30 and found, call early;
groom, $30 and found; laundryman for Insti-
tution, $40 and found; 2 machine miners, $3
day: 6 single-htind miners, $2 50 day; bench
hands, cabinet-makers, planer men and oth-
ers; planing mill help; blacksmith, country
shop. J3 to J3 50 day; woodsmen and laborers
of all kinds at going wages; circular sawyer,
$3 CO day; screw turner. $2 SO, and others. J.
F. CROSETT AGENCY. C28 Sacramento st.
10 MEN to pick prunes, $2 50 ton; 6 grape pick-
ers, $1 25_ton: man to dig potatoes: 2 chore-
men, $12 and $25; teamsters, $1 73 and $2 day:
man about place. $7 week; gardener and
wife. $50; man and wife, private family. J40;
farmer and milker and wife, $40; milker, $30;
2 drivers for milk wagons, $30 and $35 and
found; laundryman and wife, $60 and found.
J. F. CROSETT AGENCY, 62S Sacramento st.
BARBERS' Progressive Union— Free employ-
ment. H. Bernard. Sec. 104 7th; tel. Jessie 152.
GOOD cashboys; only those attending night
school need apply. S. N. WOOD & CO..
718 Market st. 1
GOOD active boy, age 17 years. S. N. WOOD
& CO.. 718 Market st.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & carl
reader, born with double veil & second Eight,
diagnoses disease with life readings: ladles DOc;
.-gents Jl; palm. 4: clalr. sit. Jl 50. 126 Turk St.
ISMAR. the Eygptian gypsy clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 114$ Market, opp.
6th; private readings daily 10 a. m. to 5 p. m.
MRS. MELVILLE, well-known clairvoyant and
water reader, moved to 11, 6th; German spokn.
MME. HANSON, palmistry, card reader; past,
present, future. 25c. 14S Sixth St., room 14.
YOUNG man of good habits desires position:
shipping clerk or work in wholesale house
preferred. Address box 4032, Call offlce.
A— tw>0: SALOON with !< furnished rooms; rent
J40; place (icing a good business and is sur-
rounurd by warehouses and factories; com-
rr.crcial lunch from 11 to 1 o'clock; a splendid
opening. Call R. G. WILKE. 26^ Kearny st.
A— J40v; CORNER grocery and bar. with 4 liv-
bts-rxMBta: rent IIS; en Bancoez Et.; owner
tick la bed and m-jst Fell at once; a rare
chance. R. G. WILKE. £6^ Kearny st.
LOST AND FOUND.
LOST— Photo man and wife; taken Salt Lake
City. Return 29 Turk St.; reward.
GERMAN or Swedish man and wife, private
place: man to care garden and horses, wife
first-class cook, $S0 a month.- C. R. HAN-
SEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
GIRL to assist in light housework; sleeo at
home; wages $10. 544 Minna st,
GIRL to assist in housework; wages $15. 1279
O'Farrell st.
GIRL of 15 to do light work in bakery; sleep
home. 1007 Guerrero st.
GIRL for general housework. 1519 Vallrjo st.,
near Van Ness ave.: call after 10 o'clock.
GIRL to do light housework and care for 2
children. 1655 Post st.
i APPRENTICES on ladies' tailoring; must be
good sewers; paid while learning. G. FLAMM.
1425 Polk st.
FIRST-CLASS skirt hands; no others need ap-
ply. G. FLAMM, 1435 Polk st.
BRIGHT errand girl. $3 per week. G. FLAMM,
1435 Polk at.
WANTED — Women and girls to work on toma-
toes, canning; and preparing: highest waives
paid: steady work; prizes for quick work.
Ar.ply immediately to U. S. FRUIT PACK-
ING CO., Harrison ave., between Seventh
and Eighth sts.. off Folsom.
WOMEN and girls for canning and preparing
fruit: steady work; highest wages. Apply
CALIFORNIAN CANNERIES CO.. LTD..
Brannan St.. between Third and Fourth.
OPERATORS wanted on shirts; young girls
taught; steady work; best pay. BRENNER-
ULMAN CO.. 19 Battery et.
APPRENTICES on overalls. STANDARD
SHIRT FACTORY, cor. Gough and Grove sts.
GIRLS to rivet overalls, also sewing machine
operators, at Levi Strauss & Co.'s factory,
32V4 Fremont st. ; no experience necessary;
good wages. Apply to MR. DAVIS.
SALESLADIES, makers and machine operator
wanted; only experienced people con-
fldered. Apply to Manager Millinery Depart-
ment, Emporium and Golden Rule Bazaar.
SCHOOLGIRL; neighborhood 25th and Valen-
cla; to assist lady In housework after school
hours; light work; liberal pay. Box 4047, Call.
WANTED— A girl for general housework and
also a middle-aged woman to take care of
children. Call 2912 Clay st. ' ' ¦
"GIRL for housework In panhandle district;
good wages; 3 in family; send address, with
references and wages expected. Box 4023, Call.
WANTED— A lady partner with small capital
on a chicken ranch. Address JOSEPH F.
KING, General Delivery, San Francisco.
GIRLS wishing to marry honest men write to
MRS. HERTZ, 706 Ellis St.; no charges.
FINISHER and "apprentices on coats. 185%
Natoma st.
T. P. MATCHETT will hold circle to-night. 8
o'clock; 10c; test to all. 132 Fourth st.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 335 McAllister-Mrs. C. J.
Mey«r, sit. daily: cnnvlno'e test* to-night 10c.
INVESTMENTS
SAFE and sure; an excellent opportunity for a
man of means to turn his money rapidly. De-
tails fully explained and thorough Investiga-
tion solicited at 466 Eighth St.. Oakland.
DECKER & SON pianos are the best known of
all the old reliable makes; you cannct fall to
get satiyfaction with one of them. Agency
at MAUVAIS'. 7<» Market st.
ABSOLUTELY tho oldest and largest hous"»
west if Chlcaco la KOHLER & CHASES.
26. 2S and 30 O'Farrell st. ; ptanos. organs and
all oth»r musics! Instruments of all grade*
and prices: terms easy: prices lowest; every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
MRP. J. J. WHITNEY, clairvoyant, test, business
medium, life reader; sittings $1. 1104 Market.
MRS. KOTTER..34 Sixth St.. clrcie to-day. 2 &
8 p. m.; 10c; sittings dally; G., $1; L.. 50c.
SECOND-HAND Marshall and Wendel. New
England and other makes offered low for \
day or so. MAUVAIS MUSIC CO.. 7£3 Mar-
ket st.
BUSINESS CUA.\CES.
A-$30O— SALOON; close to new Hall of Justice;
rent $30; daily receipts, $10; a snap. Call R.
G. W I LICK. 26'* Kearny st.
A— tW>— PARTNER wanted in porter, stout
an<i Weiss tetr brewery; investigate; a rare
chance. Call R. G. WILKE. i6>± Kearny st.
A— &2yi«>; STATIONERY, notions and ice cream
parlors, connt-vted with genera! agency of all
t\ F. papers; a!so general agency of 1 steam
laundries; n.j opposition in either line; rent
$2T.; in lively business town across the bay.
Particular* R. C-. WILKE. :6V» Kearny st.
MRS. Harland's test meeting to-night, also
Sunday, 10c; prophetic readings dally. 14S 6th.
MRP. LESTER-Clrcle Sun.. Tues.. Frl. eves.,
10c; readings dally. L. 25c, G. 50c. 127 Turk.
WE can use a few good squares to advantage
if to be had within the next few days. MAU-
VAIS ML'SIC CO.. 763 Market St.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — MALE.
COACHMAN thoroughly trained; first-class all-
round horseman; young man; best of city
and San Mateo references; neat appearing and
stylish driver. Box 4015. Call offlce.
SITUATIONS wanted by middle-aged man and
wife; coachman and gardener; wife a plain
cook; last situation 9 years; references; city
or country. Box 2020, Call offlce, Oakland.
MAN and wife wish employment: would take
charge of house; city or country. Call or
address M. E. L., 630 Howard St. - -
GARDENER with long experience, first-class
references, seeks engagement; wife No. 1
housekeeper. Address box 4053, Call offlce.
ATTEND Mrs. Dunham's circle of truth; 2, 8
p. m. 14 McAllister St., rm. 35; admission 10c.
BOADDIXG FOIl CHILDREN.
ONE or 2 children to board; mother's care.
Box 404?. Call office.
HAVE WATSON read your hand: correct to
life; occult medium: 25c and 50c: lucky and
true. 15S1 Market St., near Twelfth.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia Bt.
BATH CABINETS.
P.OBINSON $'>. 4-panel folding; dooTopensTflrm
ar.d cafe. W. S. BROWN, gen. agt.. 426 Ellis.
ARRIVED — Mrs. Dr. Farnham, world-renowned
Epiritual medium: advice In all affairs of life,
lawsuits, divorces, deaths; unites the separat-
ed: mining a specialty; cirs. Sun.. Wed., Fri.
eve's; come and be convinced. (Permanently)
tl3 Eddy, bet. Hyde and Ilarkln; no sign.
A— PRINTED list: houses to let; send for cir-
cular. Q. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
BROADWAY. 1912. nr. Octavia— 8 rooms, bath,
laundry: marine view; rent $20.
HOUSE to let. Metealfe place, off Geary St..
between Mason and Taylor.
LAGUNA, 1611— House of 6 rooms, bath; gas.
yard; rent reasonablle.
SUNNY house, 8 rooms, bath, yard; rent $25.
- water free. 1220 Bush St.
WILLOW ave.. 720. bet. Buchanan and "Webster
, —4 rooms; rent $3; all modern improvements.
$12— SUNNY cottage. 5 rooms and bath. Apply
33S0 22d st.. bet. Valencia and Guerrero.
$S— HOUSE, 5 rooms; best, cheapest, healthiest
¦ for money. 1567 Kearny, near Greenwich.
$40. FORMERLY $30; house. S large rooms.
• complete: lawn, etc. 1919 Sutter st.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms; 2Jc to $1 M night; $1 50 to $6
week; convenient and respectable; fre« 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore st.
SPIRITUALISM.
OUSTER. HERMAN J.. attorney. 927 Market
Ft., r. 12Z: open eve.. 7-i>; consultation free.
MUSICAL IXSTIllMIEXTS.
ALL purchasers of pianos at SHERMAN, CLAY
& CO.'S h:ive th^ privilege of exchanging for
a STEIXWAY any time within three years
and full purcha-«e price allowed: the best
makers of every grade to select from; beauti-
ful new uprights JS cash, $t> per month; some
good ptar.os for $3, $4 and $3 per month.
SHERMAN. CLAY <& CO.. STONlVAf
DEALERS, corner Kearny and Sutter sta..
San Francisco; corner Broadway and Thir-
teenrfi sts.. Oakland.
L. S. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bldg.. 927 Mar-
ket ft.; consultation free; no fees in advance.
$11 50— COTTAGE. 4 rooms, cellar, yard. 468
Linden ave.. near Hayes and Lacuna sts.
FREE advice; divorce laws, damages, estates,
collection?. J. A. Mitchell, 314 Montgomery.
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. J*27 Market St.. opp. Mason.
TO LET — Cottage of 4 rooms and bath; yard.
2303 Polk st.
CASH loaned tn salaried pettfle on note without
. Indorser. MORRELL. 6C0 Examiner building.
¦N furniture, pianos, without removal; no com-
mission; private. LICK, 118 McAllister St.:
TO salaried men without collateral or indorser.
S. F. Discount Agency. 1-13 Phelan building.
SUNNY cottage. 212V4 Perry St.; rent reason-
able. Apply G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Mont-
COTTAGES TO LET.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE Iree: divorce law a specialty": private:
no Tee without success; collections. G. W.
HOWE, any at law, SS0 Market. eor.Stockton.
:. W. KING, attorney. S27 Market St.. room 627;
general f>ract»ce: moderate feeH; consult, free.
CHAMDERWORK In small hotel; chamber-
work, waiting or sewing; country preferred.
Box 4057, Call offlce.
YOUNG girl wishes situation to do housework
and cooking. Address 2S7 California ave.
LADY would like position as housekeeper; ref-
erences. 117 Eddy st. ¦
WOMAN wishes position to take care of chil-
dren or do light housework or take care of
an Invalid; good references. Cable Hotel.
Twenty-eighth and Tiffany sts.
RESPECTABLE woman with a child desires
situation as working housekeeper In small
family; city or country: good manager. 616
Capp st.
WANTED— By the day or week, dressmaking
and sewing by a good, quick worker. Call at
Cl" Ninth St.. Oakland.
FASHIONABLE dressmaker goes out by the
day. Address 1111 Sutter St., room 39.
A BOY for this office. MURRAY & READY.
634-636 Clay st.
A— C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 GEARY ST.
1PO0 MEN FOR NEW R. R. WORK
20<) teamsters, Nevada $2 a day
1C0 team3ters, Bakersfleld $2 a day
20 teamsters. Coast road $2 a day
GO laborers. Truckee division Jl W a day
20 tunnel men for big tunnel. Chatsworlli
Park, Los Angeles County $2 to $2 50 a day
Ship daily Fee $1 Free fare
.„ FOR S. P. CO.'S OWN WORK
50 laborers for rock crusher $1 90 a day
20 laborers, different divisions. .....Jl 70 a day
100 laborers. Surf, Hanta Barbara Co. $2 a day
Ship dally Fee $1 Free fare
' 4 Burlelsh drill men, country, $3 a day, see
boss here; 10 lumber pliers, Santa Cruz Coun-
ty. $2- a day; 5 road makers. Hanta Cruz
County, $1 73 a day: 43 laborers, city and
country, $2 a day; band saw flier, $100
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Cook, country hotel. $60; hotel baker, $43;
slaughterer and sausage, maker, $35; 6 bakers,
makers, helpers, $25, $30. $35 and $40; 20 dish-
washers and kitchen hands, $20 to $30; ranch
cook, $30
Hotel head waiter. $43; waiter and wife, $35,
see party here 10 to 11 a. m. ; 3 watters, same
country hotel. $30
Nurse for institution, country. $30; porter and
runner, $25; 2 hotel porters, country, $20
Crew for hand laundry, country hotel; head
laundryman, $35; washer, $30; hanger, $20;
Laundryman and wife. Institution, $G0; laun-
dryman. J40
C. It. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary st.
A— LAUNDRYMAN to do plain work, country
hotel. Southern California, $35 and found, free
¦ fare
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary St.
H. MURPHY. 630 Market St.. solves all kinds of
financial problems; 2d mortgages, estates, etc.
On furniture, pianos; 3 per cent per month; no
commission. Mr?. Wilscn, rm. 101, 6 Eddy »t.
TO salaried people without security; all busl-
ness confidential. Tousley Co.. 321 Parrott big.
CAMPAIGN PHOTO BUTTON'S.
MF'Y of all kinds of photo buttons and jewelry;
wholesale and retail; send for catalogue.
Miniature Portrait Co.. S53 Market St.. S. F.
ON furniture and pianos; no removal: confi-
dential; en diamonds, etc. 33 Taylor »t.
A — EXPERIENCED stenographer and type-
writer for a Government position. -Apply to
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
ASTROLOGY.
M1IE. HICKET. astrologirt; pet your horoscope
with full explanation of vour future, 50c; card
reartlng and paimiJtry. 25c. 1933 Mission et.
J25.CC0 TO loan; 1st or 2J mortgages; 6%; es-"
tates. chattels. HARPER. 313 Hearst bldg.
MONEY loaned salaried people without security.
HILL. r. 44. Merchants' Ex.. 431 California.
HORSES. LIVE STOCK. Etc — For Sale?
40 HORSES for sale; also -wagons, bujetn.
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market.
327 Sixth st.; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN k DOYLE, Auctioneers.
79 HEAD draft, carriage and saddle hordes:
also pneumatic and rubber-tired buarirtes:
cheap. Occidental Horse Exchange. 721 How-
ard St.
NEARLY new modern Victoria, with 2 beauti-
ful black hnrses. silver mounted harness and
livery; big bargain. Room 63. Dorlbhoe bldg.
FOR sale — A good carriage team; 18 hands
high; cheap. DALZIEL, 605 Golden Gate ave.
FAMILY cow and calf for sale at .710 Bran-
nan st. •
HOUSES TO LET.
CARPETS cleaned at 3e per yard, laid at 4c.
STRATTON'S. 3 Eighth st.; tel. Jessie 944.
ASPHALTL'M ROOFING
J. PELTIER, asphalt roofing, sidewalk?; cellar
flo.->rs laid, repaired ; postal. 1166 MlRsion st.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st
tel. Main 294. GEO. WALCOM. proprietor.
CON KLIN'S Carpft-Bratlns Works. 333 Golden
Gate ave.: telephone East 126.
YOUNG girl wishes to take care of child or
do light upstairs work. Call or address 273
Church st., near Market: Castro-st, cars.
ANT amount by private party on furniture and
pianos: no removal; low rates; confidential.
BONELLI, 201 Jones St.. corner Eddy.
WE handle newest novelties for arents. PA-
CIFIC AGENTS' SUPPLY CO.. 3461 ISth St.
SPECIAL
Night watchman, sawmill company, $30 and
fd.: stableman, truck stable. $45 and room;
shingle sawyer, $oO and fd., fare paid
Marine fireman for Government position;
brick setter and wheelers for brick yard
Flanerman, large sawmill company, $S5, see
boes here; donkey engineer; also head lionkey-
man for the woods
PACKING-HOUSE WORK
12 men for large fruit company to pick fruit,
work in packing-house, dry yards, etc
$30 and found, long job
MURRAY & READY. 634-63C Clay st.
$500,000 at 6 per cent In sums to suit in city; also
$1CO,OCO on large ranches; also on second mort-
gages. II. J. MERCER & SON. 412 Pine St.
RELIABLE woman, good cook, would do down-
stairs work and assist with washing: city or
country; car fare expected. COS. Jones St.,
near Geary.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-Beating and Reno-
vating Co., 211 Fourteenth rl.; tel. Mission 74.
CITY Steam Carptt-Beatlng- Works, G. H.
STEVENS, msr., 3S-40 Sth Bt.; tel. South 250.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 220ft Fillmore st.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia Bt.
GIRL for general housework and cooking;
wages $20. Apply 304 Stelner Bt., cor. Haight.
MAN or woman to cook part of the day. 150S-10
Kentucky st.
J. McQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co..
453 Stevenson Et. ; tel. South 2CS: lowest rates.
L1NDELL House, corner Sixth and Howard —
Rooms 15c to 23c night; 75c to $2 per we»k.
AT 126 Kearny et.. room 9. respectable private
place to borrow on •watches, diamonds; lowest
rates; take elevator. Telephone Davis 995. -
AGENTS WANTED.
AGENTS of ability and experience la life insur-
ance. Call at room 101. 9s7 Market, cor. Sixth.
POSITION as managing or working housekeep-
er by Eastern woman; city or country: ref-
erences. Call or address between between 10
a. m. and S p. m., at 117 Taylor St., room 12.
EXPERIENCED operators on children's coats
to work in factory. 723 Market St., room 35.
LOANS
SALARIES AND FURNITURE
O. H. HARSHBARGER. 322 Ellis, room 54.
GIRL for light housework; wages $10. 1640
Polk st.
CARPET nEAXING AAD CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor *'ork
•end to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-Beat-
ing Works, 353-S37 Tehama St.; tel. South 40.
FIRST-CLASS cook; elegant baker; clean and
careful; American family preferred; good
home and reasonable wages. Call from 1 to 4
at t'3 Minna st.
SAILORS, ordinary seamen and green hands
all parts of world. HERMAN'S, 2S Steuart
PENSIONS— GEO. D. CAMPBELL, lawyer. 16
•— — — years* practice; Examiner building.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket; 700 rooms, 2"o night: reading-room; free
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamond*,
watches. Jewelry. W. J. H EST HAL. I 1 ) Sixth;
highest price for old gold, silver, diamonds.
Al FINISHER on suits at M. SIMINOFF, 122S
Market st.
NEW & "d-hand wagons, buggies, carts & har-
ness, work & driving horses. 15th & Valencia.
OPERATORS on ladles' underwear to work in
factory. 723 Market et.. room 35.
OFFICERS and members of the Cale- v 5-
d-'mlan Club are requested to attend US.
the funeral oC ov.r late rlan«iTr.an, "T'*31£»'
Captain SAMUEL B. MATTHEWS,
from Oda Fellows' Hall, at 9:45 a. m., FRI-
DAY. Aug. 31. 1900. Interment Mountain
Vtew Cemetery by II a. m. Creek boat.
AXGI'S McLEOD. Chief.
ANDREW McNAIR, Secretary.
PENIEL carr.p meeting, Beulah Park, Eait
Oakland. Sept. 1 to Sept. ]6. '
FIRST-CLAFS German cook and helper want
places together in a hotel, restaurant or
boarding-house; first-class references. 242
Natoma St.. basement.
ON real estate. 1st and 2nd mortgages and en
furniture or pianos: no removal: any amount:
lowest rate. BECKER & CO.. 26 Montgomery.
MEN and women to l?arn barber trade. S F.
Barber College. 7-S1A Howard st.
A— HOTEL ..RESTAURANT.. LAUNDRY Help
Ice cream maker J10 week and board
32 cooks, city and country. $35 to. $50 and
found; also short order and night cooks
Second baker, country shop $40 and found
15 waiters, city and country
$25 and $30 and found
¦ Bakers and helpers, $40, $35 and $30. $60 and fd
Washers, starchers and ironers for laundries
Butchers pantry men handy
men for institution, etc; 8 cooks, different
ranches.
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay St.
AN A No. 1 express tragon, single, also light
camping «agon, for sale cheap. 532 Mission.
WANTED— Young girl to assist with light
housework and children; no heavy work. 1303
Pasre st.. near Lyon. •
JEWELERS— 32? Bush st, third fiocr. room 4.
ON furniture and piano* without removal :qulck
serTice: money direct; lowest Interest. Rooms
6S and 63. Donohoe building. 1170 Market st.
RELIABLE young woman wishes to do light
housework In a Christian family of 2 or 3
adults; moderate wages; references; no pos-
tals. C50 Natoma st.
RESPECTABLE young girl to assist in light
housework; wages $10. 523 Lyon St., be-
tween Fulton and Grove.
CARRIAGES AND WAGON'S.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
etc.. cheap. EGAN & SON. 2117 Mission st.
HIGHLY retractable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 846 Market
St.: tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third St.
EXPERIENCED'Cwrators on ladles' wrappers
and waists to work in factory. 723 Market
St.. room 35.
FIRST-CLASS sewers on ladies' tennis gowns,
skirts, etc. Apply H. FREIDLANDER, 333
Fell tt.
EM I'LOVaiE.Vr WANTED KEMALK.
RESPECTABLE girl of experience wisheo po-
sition to do second work: city or country, no-
tel or private family; wages $20. Please call
on MISS R. K.. German House, Washington
WANTED— Position as housekeeper by respec-
tHble lady; able to take fell charge of a
household. Please call €8-76 Kllia St., room
59. between 1 and 4.
ANY amount at 6 per cent; 1st. 2<J and Jd mort-
* gages, undivided Interest, real estate in pro-
bate- mortgages and legacies bought: no de-
lay cet my terms before doing business else-
where. R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, r. X
ANY proposition, any amount; 6 per cent; first,
second mortgage?, estates in probate. Interest
in estates, legacies, corporation loans, chattel
mcrteages. life insurance. Room 16. first floor.
Chronicle blrtg. HALLORAN & OLSEN.
MONEY TO LOAN.
WANTED— Laundress. private family. $30;
laundre.es. Institution, $25; 8 cooks, no wash
and some plain wash. $30 and $35; ladles
maid. $25; S parlor maids and waitresses, also
second girls. JJO and $25: seamstress and cham-
bermaid, .?2S; 4 tailoresses on repairs and al-
teration; *8 to $10 a week; 5 nurses, 120 and
$25; 16 waitresses, city and country, $20 and
$25; head waitress, $25; cooks, plain wash,
San Jose. $30; Palo Alto, $30; Vallejo, $30;
Berkeley. $30; Menlo Park, J30; Millbrae, $30;
551 jrlrls for housework, city and county.
J25 and ?30. See J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 31b
Butter St.
UNION Japanese-Chinese emp. offlce — Best helj
furn.; domestic cerv. 417 Powell; tel. Bush 876.
ORPHEUM Employment Office -Japanese. Chi-
nese help. 426 Powell, nr.Sutter; tel. Black 5072.
JAPANESE or.d Chinese Employment Offlce
best help furn.; tel. John 2121. 806H Stockton.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Of fire-
Best help. 41IV» O'Farrell *t.; tel. Eaat 426.
KLEIN still pays best price for clothing, bric-
a-brac and books. Wi Sixth st. ; tel. Jessie 141.
IF vou wish full value for your cast-off clothing
call on B COHEN. 1ST Third: tel. Black 41S.
DISHWASHER wanted. 369 Hayea at.
n" ? ¦¦>."•¦" "
DISHWASHER wanted. 1522 Kentucky St.
BARBER shop for sale cheap; aUo steady bar-
ber wanted. 217 Fourth st.
BARBERS— Paying 5-chatr shop: bargain; ac-
count departure. Inquire Call office.
BARBERS— First-class 6-chalr shop and S bath
tubs for sale cheap; going to Silver City. N.
M. Inquire Call offlce. ¦ -
WANTED— Gardener for commercial place;
must understand greenhouse work. Addres3
GARDENER, box 4049. Call offlce.
WANTED— Men for work In box factory- Ap-
ply 815 Brannan st. ¦-* «-:
WANTED — 4 good bench hands; good wages.
California Mills. 30 Spear st.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 562 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
WANTED— Recruits for the United States Ma-
rine Corps. U. S. Navy, able-bodied, unmar-
ried men of good character, between the ages
of 21 and 33 years; not Ie3* than 3 feet 4
Inches and not over S feet 1 inch In height;
must be citizens of the United States or r*T-.
sons who have legally declared their inten-
tions to become citizens; able to read, write
and speak English prcperly. For further in- 1
formation apply at the Marine Recruiting Of- ;
fice. 40 Ellis st.. San Francisco. CaL. 530 K St.. ;
Sacramento. Cal.. or 10M J St.. Fresno. Cal. |
NEW goods; quirk sales; salary or commls-
fclon; city or country. THE J. DEWING CO..
Flood building.
WILLING boy to learn <!ruc business; state
fcfte. Box 40C1. Call offlce.
GrT your shoes half soled while waiting; i'o
to rCc. 322 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2.1 sts.
FIRST-CLASS barber shop for sale; terms
ea*y. Address box 4045. Call office.
FEMALE attendant for baths; must understand
Hammam and electric baths, $35 to $40. C.
R., HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
LADIES* and gents' cast-off clothin? bought &
sold. Sllverman. 9S4 Folsom; tel. Folsom U91.
EnPliOYllENT OFFICES.
A— JAPANESE and Chinese employment con-
tractor; estab. over 10 years; all kinds help.
421 Post et.. near Powell: telephone Bush 133.
LOIJGIXG-IIOUSES FOR SALE.
A-M-ROOM rooming-house; central ...$1000
11-room house: $300 down, balance easy.. 500
20-room house: first-claes .' 1050
10-room house: all newly furnished. . r 3100
Jl-room hou«e. S475. 6-room flat 325
FISHER & CO., 1C32 Market st.
HOUSES from 10 to ISO rooms; good locations:
honest value, perfect title guaranteed to buy-
ers; money loaned: to buy or sell your lodg-
ing-hoase or furniture and feeure satisfaction
•write or call SCHWEINHARD & CO.. 317
Market st. above Fifth; tel. Mint 1911.
15 ROOMS newly furnished: must sell $S0O
10-room flat; rent JI2 50; bargain 350
C. L>. DAVIS, room C9, 916 Market »t.
48 ROOMS; mortgaged: only $000 cash $2400
C3 rooms; finest house In city: $3300: milt nice
family. C. D. DAVIS, room 69. 916 Market st.
A— ROOMING-HOUSE: nne location; best bar-
gain ever offered. COWING & CO.. 719 Mkt.
IF you want to sell your house quick for cash
see SKIFF. 304 Montgomery st.
FIRST-CLASS colored cook, for 2 in family.
American people, J30, for Sacramento, seo
party here: call early. C. R. HANSEN &
CO.. 104 Geary st.
WANTFD SMALL safe: must b« In good or-
der; cheap. Box 4020. Call office.
WANTED — A large-sized second-hand fla»;
state price. Box 4033. Call offlce.
LE JEUNE Art and Craft School; modeling,
. designing, caning, all branches. 424 Pine »t.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore Et.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia et.
A GOOD second-hand upright piano for auh:
Stelnway or Weber preferred. Address box
40&2, Call offlce. ,
CALIFORNIA Business College. 305 LarUin—
All branches; thorough; positions secured^
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc., day or eve.; 5,". mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
PIANO and German; pupil of Conservatory In
Leipplc; lessons 75c. 330 Golden Gate ave.
SAVINGS BANK DEPOSITORS! Send ad-
dress; your benefit. X. Y.. box 4010, Call offlce.
OYHTER and chop house for sale cheap on ac-
count of sickness. Inquire at 6 Eighth st.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL & CO.. «2 Sacramento st.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand: moving
pictures. BULLAIID- & ERF.CK, 131 Post St.
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-413 Sacramento st.
S-VFES— New and second-hand: all sizes. TH3
WALTZ SAFE. VW-111 Market St.. San Fran.
ALL students but two taking full course this
year sot positions. SAN FRANCISCO BUSI-
NKSS COLLEGE, 1236 Market st.
HKALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 Post Bt.,
S. F. ; founded 1S63; SO-page catalogue free.
SALOON for sale cheap; located in the Potrero.
1M3 .Kentucky st. :
2D-HAND fire-proof safe: 1 fire and burglar
proof safe; cheap. 42 Main st^
ENGINEERING, civil, elec, mining, mech. sur-
vey, assay, cyinlde, arch.; day, eve.; est. 1S64.
VAN DER NAILLEN SCHOOL. 933 Market.
A— MECHANICAL AND.. OTHER HELP
6 carpenters, company work Free fare
2 camp blackamiths. $60
Blacksmith helpers $h2
Coopers woodworkers
LOOK HERE FOR HANDY MEN!
Any man handy with hatchet will suit this
job; J5 men to build flume. $30, $33, $40 and
found: long job ....
FRUITPICKERS FRUlfpicKERS
150 men and boys to pick all kinds or fruits,
gather -almonde, etc. $26 and J30 and found
. me " t0 Pick prunes, Santa Clara Co.. 12 25
to $2 50 ton
.........,,.;WE PAY YOUR FARE
And shio to the sawmills and woods 236 la-
borers for 23 different sawmills. J26 to J40 and
found,- anybody will suit; 95 woodsmen, mill-
rnen; also all kinds of planing mill help, $95.
$80. $C>. $70, $60, $40. $50. $30 and found
M woodchoppers. ticmakera. etc.. $3. $2 50. $2.
?L and 7ac cord, tools and food found. ..*
12G farm hands J35. $30, $20 and found
j-6 milkers and buttermakers....$30, J2S found
24 stablemen, etc.... $25. $50. JCO, $40. $3-) found
16 hay balers, $3 day..
3K4 laborers and teamsters, J2 50. $2. $1 75 day;
some board yourself home: boys for stores,
ractorles. etc.. city Jobs. cabinetmaker*.
woodworkers, carriagemakers, bridge build-
ers, etc.; come see
Edgerman, tallyman, sawmill company
25 woodsmen. Santa Cruz County. $32 50 and fd
Planer, J3 a day
„ , TO SONOMA CO.
Sniper; line pullers and setter for sawmill co.
™°,J ackscrewer and 8etter on carriage
TO THE MINES. ...GOLD, SILVER & COAL
60 mir.ers. single hand and machine.. J75 & J90
Married furnace man J65
Jy 0 laborers, different mines, in all parts of
California, no experience necessary, $30 to
$>0 and fd ....„
CITY WORK— 10 laboring men. no experience
required, anybody will B ult. J3O and fd.
......FOR SANTA CRUZ MOUNTAINS
... bortnc men to P' !e lumber, large saw-
mill company $52
Firmers and wives and men and wives for
private places $40 and fd.
Young man drive milk wagon. $20 to J25 fd.
ALSO HUNDREDS OF O'liiKR POSITIONS
NOT ADVERTISED COME SEK
Also get our latest lists.
MURRAY & READY. 634-638 Clay st.
RETIRING partner wishes to eell bis interest
In an old-established grocery and bar at In-
voice. Uox 4046. Call office. k
A REGULAR raeetlnc of Yerba ffJ%.
J;jena L'.xJee of Perfection No. /5tt»ffA
1. A. and A. Scottish Rite of />/i^y\
1 Yf-emasonry. will be helS in p%*/l\
< hatter Hall. Masonic Temple. //«^3^*^O
on FRIDAY EVENING. Au- 7tQ7|7L>A
pjyt SI.- UML et 7:3d o'clock.
Thirteenth decree.
HENRY lil'RNER, Secretary Pro Tem.
CALIFORNIA Command* ry No. 1. K. T., •£_
S PCFt rt— ss-fgular assembly THIS jvuff*
EVENIN'i at 7:30 o'clock. Order of jflj
lied Crops. All fraters courteously In- *grp
T HIRAM T. Recorder.
CALIFORNIA lyxljre No. 1. F. and A. •
M.. will mef-t THIS (FRIDAY) EVEN- _#\_
ING. AUETifft ."I. at 7:30 o'cloclc. Sec- li3P
uni deKTiee. 'ISy ordT of th« Master. * '
FRANKLIN II. DAY. Secretary.
ArOLLO Lodge No. 123, I. O. O.
F.— First degree THIS (FRIDAY") ¦SzUrfiS?
NIGHT. Aucurt 21, 8 o* clock, by ¦^S^'isSc"
Apollo Lo<Jce degree team. Visit- -^w»«\v'
ins trotters cordially invited.
HANDEL IL ZOBEL, N. O.
w. r. NoncnoR.s. it. p.
PACIFIC? I, .-,— No. 1SS. L O. O. <SH^i^>
V. — Ofnwre h-:'->1 brothers will as- ¦-vyjafc^^
•¦ernble at the Joflger^jra at S:30
a. m. FltlDAT to attend the fu- "*""^ >
r.eral it our late brother, SAMUEL 3.
MATTHEWS. ,
FRANK P. ASmrOKTH, N. O.
FRANK D. MACBETH. Secretary.
fcAJtGENT Lodge SCS, L O. oTIK ,<*24*»<&.
— Initiation THIS (FRIDAY) 427ZSZ£-
IT\ ENINQ. Virftlru: brothers ivel- J ,3?
come. CHAS. E. COX. N. G.
¦ GnO. W. DlXO.V, Secretary.
6T. ANDREWS Society of San . frr n.
Frarjcisco— Mt-nibers %e respect- 3* lS YJ
fully requested to attend the fu- > &%Xx£
neral of CAPTAIN 6. B. MAT- **t3<V
THEWS. de<**i8e<l. from Odd Fellows' Hall.
FRIDAY MORNING. August 31. at 9:43
o'clock. WM. BALNAVES. President.
A. R. PATTERSON. Secretary. *
HELI* WANTED— FEMALE.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.... .... ..Phone Grant 185
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
8 waitresses, first-class hotel, north, $25, see
party here between 10 and 11: waitress, Ne-
' vada. $25. see party here, no offlce fee;. 2
waitresses. Woodland, $20; 15 waitresses, best
commercial hotels. J20 and J25; 8 waitresses,
city, $20; 3 chambermaids to wait, $20; woman
cook, $30; fancy lroners, $30 and $35 . and
board
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Housegirl. J15 to J20; nursegirl. $10; same
small American family, city; good home, seo
party here. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary.
WOMAN with a child. $15. see party here at
10 o'clock; housekeeper, small American fam-
ily, city. J20; middle-aged woman as house-
keeper for a priest. $20. C. R. HANSEN &
CO.. 104 Geary st.
WANTED— Steady man with small capital,
permanent place: will pay J65 per montn
year round; lisht work. 101G Market, room 10.
PORTABLE engines, boilers; Iron and wn,i,l
planers, lathes; 2d-hand. J. Burke. 133 B^a!».
MEETING NOTICES.
BOOKKEEPING, free trial; private lessons: 8
me*, in college not equal to S wks. with me;
JI5. TARR. erpert- accnt.. 419 Parrott bldg.
EDISON concert phonograph; reduced pric*.
$73; concert records. $1 50. Baclgalupi. 923 Mkt.
FINE location for Ehoe store In rapidly grow-
ing neighborhood; fixtures complete; 4 rooms;
rent reasonable. Northeast corner Third ave.
and Clement et.; Sutro cars pass door.
A FINE suit. J10; dress pantn. J2 73. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st.
BOOKKEEPING or shorthand: if you want to
learn in a limited time take private lessons
from an experienced teacher. M. W. COR-
NELL, room C3. Thurlow block. 126 Kearny.
W. E. CODY '(late with J. T. Terry & Co.) buys
furniture, carpets. 757 Mission; tel. -Red 3353.
ALFRED WOLLPERT. ; 773 Mission St., pays
highest price for your second-hand. furniture.
FOR sale— Thrlvine butcher business in an in-
terior town. For particulars Inquire at Pa-
ciflc Butchers* Suprly Company. 770 Mission
St.. San Francisco.
$5000 worth of furniture, carpets, etc., wanted.
M. Sllversteln, 1121 Market; tel. Folsom 1105.
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law. and medical
colleges; references/President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
FRENCH readings and dramatic art— Private
and classes tausht by MISS BLANCH BOU-
VIERE, Lyceum Theater School. of Acting,
310-312 O'Farrell st.
FUUNITUHE WANTED.
CHAS. LEVY buys " your furniture, carpets,
pianos, etc. 1135 Market St.; tel. Jessie 761.
Auctioneer— L. Vincent, 1305 Larkln; tel. Polk 634;
furniture & furn'd houses bought; spot cash.
A LATEST improved cash register; ataos:
new; a bargain. 425 Sutter st.
2D-HAND photographic and mapic lantern out-
fits bought, sold, exchanged. 1<J» Montgomery.
A 10-TON Fairbanks scale and fire and burglar
proof safe. 213 California st.
FIRST-CLASS second-hand modern engine^ anj
boilers bought and sold. KROGH Mfg. Co.
2D-HAND gasoirne and steam engines, lathea.
etc.; general machine work. 137 Beale st
M VSIT 3 *^* "FTARI2
Railroad laborers. $2 a day for 11 hours, com-
pany work.
nian ' or " family" to" contract "to pick 100 tons
of prunes at $2 50 a ton.
4 "miners,' "$2 "adayfV'labo'rers, $1 75 a day.
two-thirds fare paid.
20 "laborers 'for mVlisi'woods'and yard. $30 and
found and fare paid.
2's'wlss "milkers'." V»):"milker at" Point Arena.
$30; screw turner. $2 50 day; carriage man for
mill. $40; crosscut sawyer. $3a; blacksmith
helper. J40 and found: 2 machine miners. *J
a day; cook for surveying party. J5O and free
fare; cook, small hotel. $30 and free fare.
W. D. EWER & CO., 610 Clay St.
FURNITUKE FOR SALE.
4 ROOMS furnished In oak for $4S 50. with No. 7
range. King Furniture Co., 1127-1131 Market.
MURRAY* &' READY." C34-«36 Clay St.
A— MURRAY & READY.... PHONE MAIN 6848
...Leading Employment and Labor Agents...
....Want 7 a. m. to-day
WE. SHIP FREE.....
Men for all parts of California. Utah. Wash-
ington. Arizona, Oregon, Colorado, Nevada
and Hawaiian Islands.
.........Free fare and offlce fee only $1. ......
Special to-day to the following districts:
DUNSMUIR REDDING SHASTA
HERNDON ....... FRESNO MENDOTA
Los Angeles and. ...Santa Barbara districts
Reno (>, ev. ) and Truck«e districts
Crows Landing. and.... '.Newman districts
San Luis........ and Surf districts
Bakersfleld and Madera districts
Bait Lake City. Soda Springs
a , nd , other points good wages
}\E SHIP FREE come one. come all
it only costs $1 fee and no other expenses
rvtm* «e«
WILL rent full dress Tuxedo or Prince Albert
suits for J2 50. Portland Loan Offlce. 25 Stktn.
BIISCELL.A.VEOCS — FOR SALE. *
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The Pin Franclrco
Call, ccrner of Mar'/.et and Third streets, open
uii'il 12 o'clock every right in the year.
I3RANCH OmCES-S; Montgomery Etreet.
conier Clay; cpen until *:S0 p. m.
SO IUye« strett; open until 8:10 p. ra.
C32 McAlUrtrr ctrect; open until 9:30 p. m.
CIS Larkin etreet; open until 9:30 p. m.
:K1 Mi-sion street; open untn !0 r- m.
r2Cl Marfect street, corner Sixteenth; open
untlJ 9 p. ra.
10« Eleventh rtreet: open until 9 p. n>.
103S Valencia street; open until 9 p. tn.
iCorQawest comer Twenty-second anil Ken-
tucky streets ; cpen until 9 p. ia.
nUSINESS CHANCES — CONTINUKD.
NEW building— Snap for liverymen; the best
Etand In Oakland for business; 2 entrances;
comer Clay and Seventh sts.; 40 feet front by
100 en Seventh st. ; fcr carriage room 35x130 on
Clay et.; 40 stalls; room for hay and grain;
also room on Clay st. for stores or workshops;
low rent. Inquire S39 Clay St.. Oakland.
CORNER grocery and bar for sale; location
one of the best in the city; bargain: estab-
lished 15 years: rent cheap. For particulars
call at room 437. fourth fiocr, Parrott build-
ing, San Francisco.
EDUCATIONAL.
AIRES' Business College, 723 Market St.; life
""scholarship, $60; Includes shorthand, typing,
bookkeeping, telegraphy; day and evening;
just added, new business practice offices and
20 new typewriter!*: catalogue free. ' _
HELP WANTED — MALE.
HELP WANTED— MALE.
EXPERT OPTICIANS.
S. F. Dressmaking. Ladles' Tailoring and Mil-
llnery School; French system. 411 Van Ness.
ACCORDION pleating factory; all kinds pleat-
ing, pinking. 121 Post, over O Connor AMoffatt.
DRESSaiAKISRS AND SEA3ISTKESSE3
McDOWELL Dressmaking anil "Millinery
School; patterns cut to order. 1019 Market st.
A-LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Thursday, August SO.
* Stmr Alex Duncan, Guthrle.'^Ji hours from
Pigeon Point. ¦
Stmr Point Arena, Hansen, 24 hours from
Needle Rock, via Point Arena.
Bark - Santiaso. Engalls, 21 days from HIlo.
DOMESTIC PORT.
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived Au* 30— Stmr Co
quille.River, hence Aug 26. ¦
Sailed Aug 30— Schr? Dauntless and San
Buenaventura, for Saa Francisco.
Builders' Contracts.
Charles W. Slack (owner) with C. P. Moore
(contractor), architect Nathaniel Bla!sdell-*-AU
work except plumbing, gas fitting, sewering,
electrical work, trimming hardware, mantels,
shades, gas fixtures and painting for a two
story, basement and attic frame building on
N line of Sacramento street, 93:9 E of Bu
chanan, E 30 by N 127:8%; JS25O.
Mrs. Emily J. Wilson (owner) with W. L.
Ilolman (contractor), , architect . G. XV. Percy-
Elevator work for a seven-story and basement
brick and terra cotta bulldlngr on SW line of
Market street, 176:6 NE of Sixth, NE 49:3 by
SE 170; J3S23.
I. S. Foorman (owner) with "William Little
(contractor), architect M. J. Lyon— All work
for alterations and additions on building at S30
McAllister street. 25x137:6; $2300.
William L. Dolan (owner) with Petterson &
Persson (contractors), architect . J. T. Kldd —
All work for a two-story and rough basement
Irame building on W line of Fair Oaks street,
48 N of Twenty-fourth, N 24 by W 90, H. A. 2S;'
Loiils Sloss Jr. (owner) with H. Hausteln
(¦contractor), architect Albert Plssls — Illumi
nated castlron steps and risers and sidewalk
lights for building in course of erection on S
corner of - Mission and Fremont streets. SW
137:6 by SE 137:6; $3028.
PLAY A TIE GAME.
Three Runs.
CORRECT STANDING OF THE CLUBS.'
Chicago and Cincinnati Each Score
Clubs— W. L. Pet. | Clubs— w\ L Pet
Brooklyn ....61 88 .616iCh!caBo 50 53 499
Pittsburff ...55 48 .535 Cincinnati ..48 53 475
Phlladelphla.51 50 .505 St. Louis f..;*j 53 '470
Boston 60 61 .435 New York.... 41 60 .406
CHICAGO. Aug. 30.— Clndnnatland Chicago
fought a hard thlrteen-Innlng battle to a tie
to-day. Attendance 2000. Score:
Clubs— . R. H. • E
Chicago 8 9 0
Cincinnati 3 io 3
Batteries — Callahan and Dexter; Newton and
Kahoe. Umpire— Emslle. :
BOSTON, Au*. S0.-Willi3 went to pieces in
the tenth and allowed four hits, besides mak
ing two errors. This save New York " three
runs and the game, van Haltren played a
magnificent tamo in center field. Attendance
Boston 3 8 3
New York 5 12 2
Batteries— Willis and Clarke; Sullivan, Mer
cer and Grady. Umpire— Swartwood. '
BROOKLYN. Aug. 30.— After pitching good
ball for seven innings to-day Dunn was pound
ed for ten hits and theBrooKlyns won out in
a canter.' Attendance 1600. Score:.
* Clubs— R. H. E
Philadelphia 3 7 2
Brooklyn ..14 18 • 2
' Batteries— Dunn . and McFarland; W'eyhinr
and Farrell. Uftipire-rHurst.
American Association.
' DETROIT, Aug.; 30.— Detroit 11, Minneapo-'
Us .».-¦>--.• . ¦¦.--.¦ ¦¦•. ¦ ..-¦..; . -. .V;
•INDIANAPOLIS, Aug. SO.-Indlanapolls 3,
Milwaukee 7, •;«¦?&¦
Frank Miller and Charles Graxiola to
TO FIGHT IN MONTEREY.
Box Twenty Bounds.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
MONTEREY, Aug. 30.— A twenty-round
boxing contest between . Frank Miller and
Chano Graxiola is announced to take
place In- the Monterey Opera-house on
September 7 under the auspices of the
Monterey Athletic Club. This contest is
the outcome of the fight held a month ago
between Miller and Graxiola, in which
Miller disputes tho decision which was
given to Graxiola. Both men have trained
Hard for the coming fight, and present in
dications point to an exciting affair. A
purse of $100 and two-thirds of the gate
receipts will go to the victor.
SALE OF SPRECKELS
YEARLINGS AT SHEEPSHEAD
Auction Well Attended and Fair
Prices Realized on the Ma
jority of the String.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Aug. 30.— Before the races
bepan at Sheepshead Bay on Tuesday
Auctioneer Bain held a sale of yearlings
from A. B. Spreckels' Xapa stock farm in
the Fasig-Tlpton Company's paddocks.
The Bale was well attended by prominent
horsemen. The biggest surprise of the
afternoon was lurnlshed when the filly by
Ormonde out of Atossa was knocked
down to H. T. Oxnard for $1400. On her
breeding alone it was expected that she
would bring at least $5000.
Again when a St. Carlo-Geraldine colt
was offered the price was below expecta
tion, as his sire and dam were well-known
performers. J. G. Follansbee ..was the
purchaser, at ?S50. Following were the
best prices realized: . '
Chestnut colt, by St. Carlo-Carnation II, T.
M. Sloan. $200; brown colt, by Ravelston-Sach
arUsa, H. T. Oxnard, $550; bay colt, by Eolo-
Abble F. J. Evans, $100; brown colt, by Imp.
Crlghton-Georgie VI, H. Howell, $4Q0; chestnut
colt, by St. Carlo-Frlsa, J. E. Madden, $200;
bay filly, by Ravelston-Lady Cleveland II. Matt
Dwyer, $100; bay filly, by Imp. The Judge-
Grace S. W. Hendrle. $200; bay filly, by Imp.
The Judee-Llsta Hock, H. Howell. $525; black
colt, by General Miles-Tragic. T. M. Sloan.
$100: brown filly, by St. Carlo-Chartreuse, Hen
ry Stull, $500; dark bay filly, by Ormonde-Imp.
Atossa, H. T. Oxnard, $1400; bay filly, by Imp.
The Judge-Little Kate, H. Howell, $350; chest
nut colt, by St. Carlo-Geraldlne, J. G. Pollans
boe, $850; bay filly, by St. Carlo- Alma Dale, F.
Burlein, $100; bay colt, by Eolo-Belle Guard, O.
H. Chenault, $100; bay colt, by St. Carlo-Pique
II. P. J. Dwyer, $400; chestnut colt, by Eolo-
Maria F. O. H. Chenault. $110: bay colt, by
Eolo-Marcell, AV. P. Burch. $350: bay filly,
by St. Carlo-Victory. J. Evans, $125; bay colt,
by The Judge-Fiorina, T."M. Sloan, $175; bay
filly, by Eolo-Glee. T. A. Hart, $325: bay colt,
by General Miles-NeHle Bell. H. Howell, • $350.
Total for twenty-five head sold, $7735.' Aver
age per head. $309.'
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WOODLAND, Aug. 30.— The fourth day
of the "fair has been an unqualified suc
cess. While the attendance has not quite
equaled that of Governor's day, it has
been larger than was anticipated and con
siderably larger than it was on any rtay
of the last fair. The weather has beon
favorable. There has been just enough
wind to cool the atmosphere, but not
enough to Interfere with fast racing.
To-day was designated' as Woodland
day. All the business houses closed at 1
o'clock and the clerks and wageworkers
turned out in force. It might also have
been appropriately designated Winters
day. The fruit belt delegation was laree
and much in evidence. This was due to
the fact that Kelly Briggs, a Winters
horse and a prime favorite in that part of
the State, was entered in the great 2:10
pace.
.Friday will be ladles' day.
The judges in to-day's races were A. H.
Conn, President Hoppin and A. C. Ste
vens. C. A. Durfee, R. Havey and P. W.
Hodges officiated as timers.
In the 2:15 trot the field, consisting of
Psyche, Sable Frances, Bonsaline and
Hobo, sold favorite and Osito and Elmoro
for even money. In the first heat Osito
was set back from second to fifth position
for continually breaking.
After the second heat of the trotting
the' horses were called for the 2:10 pace.
Clipper was sick and was scratched.
Thorn sold at $10 and Briggs and Edna in
the field at $5- Pools sold rapidly at these
figures. The start was a good one. Thorn
led to the half and then broke and lost
twenty lengths. He could not close the
gap, and Brlggs won, with Edna close up.
In the second heat Briggs led all the way
round to the seven-eighths pole, where he
broke when two lengths in the lead.
Thorn won in 2:0S, the track record. Tho
third heat was the greatest race of the
meeting. Thorn won - by a neck. The
track record was again lowered three
quarters of a second. Thorn won the
fourth heat and race. The summary:
First race, trotting. 2:16 class, purse $600:
Osito, by McKJnney (W. G. Durfee).5 2,111
Elmore, by Longsworth (Clark) 2 14 4 2
Sable Frances, by Sable Wilkes
(Sullivan) 1 4 5 2 3
Psyche, by Cupid (Jeffreys) 3 5 2 5 4
Bonsaline, by Stamboul (Saunders)..4 3 3 3 5
Hobo, by Arthur Wilkes (Mastern)..d
Time— 2:15Vi, 2:13^, 2:13U. 2:15, 2:Wi.
Second race, pacing:, 2:16 class, best 3 In S,
l-'Urse {700:
Little Thorn, by Hawthorne (Thompson).. J 1 1
Kelly Briggs, by Baywater Wilkes (Ho
goboom) .'. 1 2 2
Edna R, by Sidney (Trainor) 2 3 3
Time— 2:10U. 2:08, 2:07%. 2:09%.
Third race, running:, for two-year-olds, five
furlongs, purse $100— Bill Younisr won. First
Guard second, Iddletoto third. Time, l:03 3 i.
Fourth race, running, one mile, purse $200—
Seaspray won. Grand Sachem second. Little
Sister third. Time, l:40}£. Dennis, Tenrica
and Elmodo also ran.
Fifth race, running, five furlongs, purse $100
— Limber Jim won. Bertha Mo second, Wance
third. ¦ Time, l:02U. Ramona. Ahawnee. Fil
bert. Pauline J, Diamond and Sister Emma
also ran. Red Leary was disqualified for foul
ing.
Great Crowd in Attendance at the
Races and Enjoys a Day of
Splendid Sport at the
Pacer Goes Two Heats at
Woodland in 2:07 1-4
and 2:08.
LITTLE THORH
SMASHES TRACK
RECORD TWICE
Kamara Leads Easily in the One
Mil« Event and Wins in Rec
ord Time for the
Track.
NEW YORK, Aug. 30.— The chief event
of the day at Sheepshead Bay was the
Reapers stake, in which the added horse,
Toddy, was made a slight favorite over
that uncertain animal David Garrick.
Toddy got away in the lead and held his
advantage to the upper turn, when David
Garrick drew up on him and seemed about
to pass him. The Lorillard horse sud
denly stopped, and as they came into the
stretch Toddy had a couple of lengths the
better of it. Bullman got to work", how
ever, and wore down Toddy in the last
furlong and landed David Ga'rrlck a.win
ner by a half-length. The other stake was
the Partridge, at six furlongs on the turf,
with Glennellle a hot even-money favor
ite. She led to the stretch, when Demur
rer came up from behind and won very
easily. In the stretch Longshoreman came
with a rush and got the place easily. In
the second event Kamara went out with a
wild rush and was never headed, winning
in record time for the track— 1:39— made
j six years ago by Ducat with a much
, greater pull In the weights. Summary:
Five and a half furlongs, selling — Sand Piper
won, Basuto second, Tallooee third. Time,
1:07 3-5.
One mile— Kamara won. General Mart Cary
second. Brigadier third. Time, 1:39.
Partridge stakes, six furlongs — Demurrer won.
Longshoreman second, Glennellle third. Time,
1:14.
The Reapers stake, one and three-sixteenths
miles— David Garrick won. Toddy second. Ad
vance Guard third. Time, 2:00 1-6.
Seven furlongs, selling— Maximo Gomez won.
Prejudice second. Flaunt third. Time, 1:27 1-5.
One and a sixteenth miles, on turf— Montanic
won. Compensation second, MacLeod of "Dare
third. Time. 1:47%.
CHICAGO, Aur 30.— Tho Unknown, at 6 to
5, won the Superior stakes, worth $705, at Haw
thorne to-day. While only three started. It
proved to be a grand contest and The Unknown
clearly showed his sameness. Star Chamber
set a terrific pace, but could not shake him
off. Florizar was given a length the worst of
the start and ran a game race, but could not
get up. The Unknown had plenty of reserve
and was going away at the end. The Elk. th«
favorite at 2 to 1 and heavily played, won the
first event hard ridden and eased up. Major
Dlxon upset the talent In the s»cond race by
beating Miss Mae Day and Boney Boy, the fa
vorite and strongly played second choice. Sum
mary:
Four and a half furlongs— The Elk won, Frl
dolln second, Katherlna Ennls third. Time,
:55»i.
Six furlongs — Major Dixon won. Miss Mae
Day second. Boney Boy third. Time, l:14*i.
Five and a half furlongs— Tyr won, Bonnie
Llssak second, Harry Herenden third. Time,
Superior stakes, mile and an eighth — The Un
known won, Florizar second. Star Chamber
Mile and a sixteenth— Hard Knot won, •Bri
gade second, Found third. Time, 1:47%.
One mile, selling— Jim W won. Dagmar sec
ond, Handnres3 third. Time. 1:42.
DETROIT, Aug. 30.— Results at Windsor:
One mile and seventy yards, selling:— Slasher
won, Don Clarenclo second. Alva II third.
Time, 1:47.
Five and a half furlongs — Golden Harvest
won, Lizzie A second. Pine Chip third. Time,
l:0«.
Mile and a quarter, selling:— Monk Wayman
won. Olive Order second, Fannie Taylor third.
Time, 2:03.
Six furlongs— Bummer won. Rathlln second,
Expelled third. Time. J:12»4.
Steeplechase, full course— Sallunt won, Hy
Admiral second. "Zufallig third. Time, 3:39.
Six and a half -furlongs— Earl Fonso third.
The Tory second, Dousterswlvel third. Time,
1:20.
Six and a half furlongs, selling:— Miss Red
wood won. The Dauphin second. Prince of In
dia third. Time, 1:21 »£.
DETROIT, Augr. 30.— Results at Highland
Park:
Six furlonps, selling — Alex won, Spauldy T
reeond, De.«eubridora third. Time, 1:144.
Five furlongs, selling — Rabunta won. Dream
life second. Prince of Song third. Time, 1:02%.
One mile and a sixteenth, selling— Left Bower
won, Sermencia second, Virgle O third. Time,
1:48.
Six furlonps. selling— Pearl won. Sagacity sec
ond. Miss Fonseland thin*. Time. l:l5V t .
Five furlongs, celling 1 — The Jade won, Lyror
Bell second, Donna Seay third. Time, l:0lH.
Seven furlongs, celling — Jucoma won, L W
second. Wllkerson third. Time, 1:27%.
GOOD SPORT AT PROVIDENCE.
Th.« Abbott Breaks His Record Made
at Beadville.
PROVIDENCE. R. I., Aug. 80.— Thers
was racing from 2 o'clock until darkness
to-day at the grand circuit meeting and
the 2:20 class was carried over until to
morrow because of daricness. The racing
was the best of the week -and the at
tendance- broke all records for a grand
circuit meeting at this track. The Ab
bott broke his record of 2:05?i. made at
Readville, and stepped the track in 2:04$«
which ties the world's record for gt-ldings
hold by Azote. '
NarraRansett, 2:12 trot, stake $2000— Georgena
won three straleht heats In 2:12, 2:12, 2:1H4-
Ed Lock, Don L. Onward Silver, EUert'and
Woodward C also started.
2:08 pace, purse $1500— Courier Journal won
third and fourth heats In 2:06, 2:0^. Harry O
won the second heat In 2:06^4. Bonnie Direct
won the first heat In 2:05%. Free Bond, Dem
ocracy, Bob Fitzsimmons, Little Boy and Bell
wood also started.
2:04 pace, purse $1600— Frank Bogash won
Ftraljtht heats in 2:04^. 2:03%. Anaconda,
Searchllsht and Chehalls also started.
.Woodlake. 2:20 trotting! purse $2000, unfin
ished—Lady Geraldine won second and third
heats In 2illH. 2:12. Joe Watts won fourth In
2:14H. . Maggie Anderson won . first heat In
2:124.4. Wasco. Llssa Bee, Winifred M, Ka
vala and Miss Pratt also started
DES MOINES, Aug-.JO.-State Fair resulU:
2:28 trot, purse $600— Dulcle won three
straight heats. Best time, 2:21%. Georxa H
Allertcn. Mabel D. Phallon and Sprague W
also started.
Free-for-all, nurse $600— Harry S won third,
fourth and fifth heats. . Best time. 2:16H Ol
larls won firBt and second heats. Best time
2:13%. Lord Rosebery, Dr. PetUt and Hall
Cloud also started.
Half mile, running— Dazmoor won, Paul sec
ond. Robinson third. Time. :51.
David Garrick Wins Out
Over Toddy by Half
a Length.
CLOSE RACE FOR
REAPERS STAKES
AT SHEEPSHEAD
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
J A Hicks. S Jose
C G Jerson. L Ang
G Crystal. Vacavllle
G Kennedy, Llvermore
M H Webster. Stent
A Lucle, Brooklyn
F A Boole. Sanger
C Jones. Cal
E Osborne & w, Cal
J Levlson. Rocklln
T C Snider. Broderick
G N Johnson. Fresno
T F Boyd. S Rafael i
R E "Wallace. Cal S
A A Dellcne, Sacto
J Stern. Cal
H J Curry. Martinez
H. Jones, Pinole
J A Johnson Cal
J Gardiner. R Vista
G B Graham. Fresno
M II Durst. Wheatland
Abble Parrott. Or
W A Watts & w.Wash
G Turner. Modesto
J H Drain. L AnK
E L Swain. L Ang
W F Smith. Texas
A H Smith. Texas
M L. Dorris. Stockton
"W Rchuette. Milwke
M Jfewburg, Stanford
F Btishnell & w. Cal
Mrs Fletcher, Cal
H D Whitehead. Cinn
W H Miller & w. Cal
O Atwoofl, Stockton
E J Mann, Seattle
L Keslle. L Ang
J A Alexander. Stanfd
C L Merrlsn. Stanford
C Merrlan. Stanford
H McNaught. Stanfd
L Bausbach, Stanford
P C Webber. Nev
A Williams. S Jose
Miss Williams. S Jose
C Metcalf & w. Honol
J "White. Ukiah
A Stevenson, Stanford
Mrs McKerg, .Shasta
Helen McKer?. Shasta
C J Teasse, Grass Val
Dr J Jones. Keawlck
Mrs P Galvln, Manila
Miss Hessian. Manila
Mrs Mocks. Manila
O Kennedy, Uvermore
Miss C Place, S Jose
Sumner. St Joseph
Mrs S G Ellison. Gait
R P. SiWey. S Jose
R Morrow & w, Bakrs
Dr G Fee & w. Reno
L. Jaffa & w. Cal
Ml«s Jaffe. Cal
R Brown, Vancouver
V." L Barr. Stanford
Mrs Russell, Louisvill*
V Bancroft, Stanford
F" H Hyatt. Pomona
O C Barker. Eureka
H Elchwald. El Paso
W Rutherford. Napa
O Fuller & w, London
H H Hunter. Alaska
Mrs Brown ft ». L Ag
C P Allen Jr. Stanfd
J Biffar. N Y
Mrs G Rider. Eacto
PALACE HOTEL.
H J Hon. San Jose
W J Leet, San Jose
W W Elmer, Cal
C E Reed, Pa
Mrs A L Kins. Cal
J S KIne.' Cal
C C Atterbury, Pa
M D Rainbow, Alaska
D T Davies, Wash
H R Waener, N T
Mrs S Morris, Chgo ;
Master S Morrl«, Chyo
S Myott, England
W H Smith, Pasadena
S G Ingrle, San Diego
W Y Walrath.-N Y
T XV Moore. Tesla
N J Grace, Boston
W P Hammon, Orvllle
E Metzer, Oregon
T Scruttan, Orovllle
C S Truax w. ch &
nurse. N Y
K Truax. N Y
H Truax, N T
Mrs J D Reddirff, N Y
Miss J Redding. N* Y
A J Flnlay. Manila
Mrs S T Benson. S Lak
W" A Thurston, Ifanlla
W S Gambrlll, Manila
T D Kelleher, Manila
W W -Heaps. USA
Mrs J J Fay Jr. L An
C S Fay. Los Ant
J D Holt, Los An?
W H Everett, USS
H M Oomez. USA
G R Rodney. USA
A P Rofenburick Jr.
USA.
F S Macomber, Cal
R Merrlam. Paris
Mrs R M Demlnsham,
Manila.
Miss E da Fremery.
Oakland - ! ¦
F G Marcus, Menlo
W D Connor, USA
Dr W T Morris. Cal
K W Mason. Bakersflld
Miss Grossman. N Y
Miss Bache, N Y
Miss FnVnk. Brooklyn
H D Clarke & w, Cal
,Capt M B Buford. U
8 S Thomas
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, AUGUST 31, 1900.
Fair.
11
HOWARD. 0S3, cor. Gth— Orlando House— New
rnar.af;eni<?r.t; furnished rms.; suites or single.
HOTICL Francisco— Elegant FUites; elngrle; tran-
fler.t; baths. MRS. KING, Turk and Taylor.
HOWARD. EIS-Rooms from tl week up to J5;
2Sc to II night; aiso housekeeping rooma.
GRAND SOUTHERN*, southeast comer Seventh
and Mtesicn Bts.— Sunny rooms, en mite or
single; ladles* parlor; reading-room; elevator.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
ROOMS WANTED.
TO lease— J00x2'K>. near Five Mile House, with
houses: suitable fr>r chicken or duck ranch.
Arriy TH08. Roberts. i6is Market st.
TO LEASE.
NCWtyrwTvrlters. *n down. $5 month payments.
REVALK. 405 California st. ,
ALWAYS bargains In typewriters: any*make.
Write for prices to L. & M. ALEXANDER.
110 Montsnmery ?t.
TVPEWRITERS AXI> SIPPLIES.
GREAT BARGAINS IN TYPEWRITERS— We
sell better machines for le*s money than any
house In the city; rental*. J3. The Typewriter
Exchange. 535 California, telephone Main 2CS.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
DIVIDEND Notice— Dividend No. 108 (Me per
chare) of the Oceanic Steamship Company
will be payable the office of the company,
K7 Market St., on and after Saturday. Sep-
tember 1. 1900. Transfer books close on Sat-
urday. August 25, 1900. at 12 m.
E. H. SHELDON'. Secretary.
DIVIDEND .\OTICES.
BAILROAT> TBAVEL.
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO..
(Euccecsors to Flannagan & Gallagher).
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr. .
FTJNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS
20 Fifth st., opposite Lincoln School. . .
. Telephone South SO.
WeijCiftOOrtar
Sl Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
A 625 KEABNY ST. Established
M & 18 * 4 *%' tbXta&HiaeTitot Private
0 Diseases, Lost Manhood. Debtuty or
atk disease on bodyaod mind and
IS Skin Ulseaata The doctor cures when
HothersfalL Try him. Charr«i»low
tof&ZTrj 11 ****™ 1 *™*' CallorwritA
Or. J. *'- «.H!B«N. Box 1937. Saa Francisco
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY.
Leave San Francisco via Sausallto Ferry:
WEEK DAYS 0:30 a. m.. 1:45 and 5:15 p. m
SUNDAYS. ..S. 9. 10. 11 a. m.. 1:30 and 5:30 p. m.
Fare San Francisco to Summit and return. SI 40
NEW TAVERN OF TAMALPAIS NOW OPEN.
TICKET OFFICES 621 MARKET ST.,
SAUSALITO FERRY.
SANTA F=*B ROUTE
T*t/\IINS.
MAitKET-STREET FERBT.
Le*T»; Overland: Dally for Chlca- ArrlT*:
go. Kansas City. Denver
and all Eastern points.
SI Paso, City of Mex-
ico, Prescott and Phoe-
nix. Art*.. Bakersfield.
• a. a. Vlsalla. Tnlare. Han- t », at.
• ' » ford. Fresno. Merced.
Btockton. Antioch. Stand-
ard and Tourist Sleep-
ers to Chicago. Dining
car between Stockton
and BakersSlcld.
Stockton Local: For San
4:10 p.m. Pablo, Pinole. Mulr, Bay U:0ia.m.
Point. Cornwall. Aatl-
och and Btockton.
Bakersfleld Local: For San
Pablo. Pinole. Mulr. Bay
Point. Cornwall. Antl-
lp.0. och. Stockton, Merced. 9 a. ra.
Fresno. Hanford. Visa-
lla. Tulare and Bakers-
field. Sleepers to Fresno
and Bakersfield.
TICKET OFFICES: SJS Market st.
Ferry Depot, foot of Market s:.. Saa Francisco.
„ 1J1S JJroadwajr, Oakiand.
COMPAQNIE GENERALE TRANSATLAMTIQUE.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. tr%mm
Palllnp: every Thursday, instead. ot^QJcrv*
Saturday, from November 2. 1S39. at^wsui
10 a. m.. from Pier 42. North River, foot of
Morton street. L'AQUITAINE. Sept. 6: LA
BRETAONE. Sept. 13; LA LORRAINE. Sept.
20; LA CHAMPAGNE. Sept 27. First class to
Havre.- S$2 50 and upward. Second class to
Havre, $53 and upward: 5 per cent reduction on
round, trip. GENERAL AGENCY FOR
UNITED STATES and CANADA. 32 Broadway
(Hudson building). New York. J. F. FUGAZI
& ' CO., Pacific Coast Agents, 5 Montgomery
avenue, San Francisco.
OCEANIC S. 8. CO.— HOjror.tnLU.APIA
AUCKLAND AND SYDNEY.
S. S. MARIPOSA (via Honolulu) to New
Zealand and Australia Wed., Sept. S, 8 p. m.
8. S. AUSTRALIA (Honolulu only)
Wednesday, Sept. 19. J p. m.
J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO., Acts.. U4 Montaomen
Pier 7. Foot Pacific SL Freisht Office. 327 Market St
— ' ABYDOS .;... 4000 tons
Monthly Sailing for Valparaiso and Hamburg,
via Mexican ports. Central and South
America, etc. - >
S. S. Tanls. 450O tons, sails about September 5.
J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO.. Agents.
114 Montgomery st. Pier No. 7.. Freight office,
827 Market ft.. Pan Francisco.
KOSMOS LINE -3&™::::85SE
IXUUIIIUU UIHU l xjxor «500 tons
Via Sausallto perry.
Commencing April 23. 1309.
FROM BAN FBANCISCO TO MILL TTAXASX
AND SAX RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:00. •8^0. »:». UjOO a, m.1
13:45. 1:43. »:18, 4:15. •»:«. «:». 0:40 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For MU1 Valley and 8aa
Rafael, on Mondays Wednesdays, Saturdays
and Sundays, at »:00 and 11:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 7:00. •»:00. •10:00. UK)0. n:»
a. m.; 13:45. *l:30. 2:3a. *3:4a. 6;00, «:0o. 7:2a
p. m.
11:09 a. m. does not ran to San Rafael 8aa-
day».
Trains marked (•> ran to San Qrjsnttn.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DATS— 6:35. •S:*). 7:40. J:40. *lBtU a.
m.J 11:30, 1:15. J:li. »3:30. 4:30, S:*0 p. to.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. W*Jae«ilaya
and Saturdays at *(:C and 10:20 p. m.
BUNDAYS-4J3. U:00. •J-.SO. •U.-OOa. m.? »i2rt>»
m.| 1:00. 3:U. *3:3O. 4:39. n:43. «:«. 1:30. U:»
p. m.
Trains marked (*) start from Saa Qnsntla.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCtX
WEEK DAYS-5:53. l:« 8:00, JUB. 10J0 a.
m.: 11:35 1:45. t:45. 3:30. 4:S0. 5:C0 p. ra.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wedneaday*
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:33. »:C5. 10:C5. U:10 a. m.; uji
1:10 J:30, 3:45. 4:55, 8:1S. J:03. 10^0 p. m,
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:C0 a. m. waek day»— Ckxadero and way ata*
ttona.
8:15 p. m. Saturdays— Casadero and way k*.
ttor.s.
1:16 p. m. waeltilays (Saturdays exc«pte<I>—
Point Reyes and way stations.
t:0O a. m. Sundays— Cazadero and way staj>
ttonm.
13:45 p. m. Soadar*— Petnt R»r»e ao4 way
Station*.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
BAY AND BIVEB STEAMERS.
Steamer "Montlcello.**
MOX.. Tufts.. Wed.. Thurs. and t*ht. at 9-43
a. m.. 3:15. 8:30 p. m. (ex. Thurs. r.ight); Fri-
days. I p. m. and 8:3»l: Sundays. 10:30 a, m.. 8
p. m. Landing and office. Mission-street Dock
Pier No. 2. Telephone Main 1SOS.
FARE Me
WtW YORK. 80D7HAITPT05. L0HD0S 1 . P1BI3L
AMERICAN LINE.
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York Every Wednesday, 10 a.m.
St. Louis Sept. 12[St. Louis Oct 3
New York Sept. 19 New York Oct. 10
St. Paul Sept. 26!St. Paul Oct. 17
RED STAR LINE.
New York and Antwerp.
From New York Every Wednesday, 12 noon.
Westernland ...Sept. 12JFrIesland Oct. S
Kensington ....Sept. 19 Southwark ......O*t 10
Noordland Sept. 26' Westernland Oct. 17
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
• 30 Montgomery Street.
C1LIF02NIA NOaiWESTERNRY.CCt
J_jH3SSE333
SAN FRAKCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlfturon Ferry, Foot et Market S*.
BAJf FRANCISCO TO BAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:20. 8:00. 11:00 a. m.; 12:3S»
! S:30. 5:10. 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trl?
{ at 11:30 a. m. Saturdays— Extra trios at 1:5<»
I and 11:10 c. m. \3
SUNDAYS— 8 :M. 9:33, 11:00 a. m. r 1M. 1:30.
. 1:00, 6:20 D. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO BAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— «:10. T:EO. »:». 11:10 a. m.; 12:43.
8:40. 5:15 p. m. Saturday*— Extra trips at
I 1:J5 and <:3S D. rn.
EUNDAYS— 8O0. 9:40. 11:19 a. m.; 1:49. i:t\
B:C5. I:2S v. m.
Batween Saa Francisco and Schuetzen Park
satme schedule as abov.
Leave J In Effect. I Arrtr*
San Francisco. [Apr. IS. 1300.1 San yranclsox
Week I Sun- I I Sun- I Wm!i
Days. I daya. ) I>e»tlnatlon.| days. I Day.
T:30 ami 8:00 »m Norato. 10:40 am! »:40 am
1:30 pea S :30 am Petaluma. «:05 ptnllO:25 am
J:ia pml i:C0 pm Santa Rosa. 7:35 pmt 8:J0 pn»
Fulton.
1:30 am Windsor. 10:3 as*
He&ldsburg.
Geyserrllle.
8:C0 pm S^0 arm Cloverdale. T:35 ptn t:J0pu
't:30am| J Hopland j i 110:25 ami
3:30 pm| 8:00 ami and Uktah. I 7:33 pm| C:JO pm
T:30 am 10:35 am,
8:C0axn G-nernertlle. 7:S5 pm
1:30 j-m «:20 pna
7:30 am S:00am Sonoma 9:15 am 8:40 am
and
1:10 pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. 8:05 pm 8:20 pra
7:30 am) 8:00 am) 110:40 am'10:2S am
t:30 pm[ S:CO pm| SebastcpoL ) 7:35 pm| 6:20 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark Wast
Fprlngs and White Sulphur Springs: at Fulton
for Altruna: at Lytton for Lytton Bprtngs; at
Geyserville for Skagzs Springs: at Cloverdal*
for the Geysers: at Hopland for Duncan,
Bprlngit. Highland Springs. Keiseyvlllo. Carls-
bad Bprtngs. Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartl-tt
Bprlngs ; at Uklah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga
Springs. Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
Eprtngs. Upper Lake. Pomo. Potter Valley.
John Day's. Riverside, Llerley*s. Bncknell'a.
Banhedrln Heights. Hull-rills, Orr*a Hot
Bprlnsrs. Mendoclno City. Fort Bragg. West-
port. Csal. Wllllta, Laytcnvirte. Cummins.
Bell s Springs, Harris, Olsen's. Dyer. 8ootl»
and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets a*
rates.
On Sunday round trip tickets to an points
feeyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket offices; 650 Market St.. Chronicle bldg.
X. C, WHITTNO, R. X. RYAJJ.
j General Manazir. Oen. Paas. Ar»nt
TOYO KISEN EAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL, LEAVE WHARF, COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 o m
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (HtOBO). Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for In-
dia, etc. No carso received on board on day
ot sailing.
SS. NIPPON MART7.
» Saturday. Seotember 22**1300
PS. AMERICA MARU.. Wednesday, Oct. 17 1900
SS. HONGKONG MARU.... Tuea., Nov. 13.* ldOO
Via Honolulu.
Round-trl^ tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office.
421 Market street, corner of First.
• W. H. AVERY, General Asent.
•IiO«A Ran J(;«o. Tir* l'iliuf. 8»uU t'nil,
raeille Uror*. l'aso Kubles, Bau
I.«ii» ObUno, Surf. Lnmpoc and
rrinelpal w»» .tuUoni MilO*
•IOilO% San Jose and Way Station* •«i:f» »
•11:30a HanJnse.LaaGatosaiidWay^UUoni a 3iS»p
tai4Sp Ban Matro. ltedwood. Menlo Park,
Palo Alto, Santa Clara. .-»»>• .lose,
Trea Pinoa. 3*ut* Cruz. Sallnaa.
Mouterey ami Paetflo Grovs tlA:^ n A
fSiXOr San Joaa and Way Statloiii *7::ior
H:1.1p San Jose aud Principal Way Station! *»:43*
<5«00r 3*n Jo»e, Jam Gates and Prineipal
Way Station* tSsOAA
•3s3»p Sam Jou and Prineipal Way Station* t*>33*
•«::top Saodos-s aud Way Stations {*:«•<»*
lllt4Sp San Jos»aiid Way Station* »7:3op
COAST IUTISIOX <llroad<laage).
flhlrj and Townierul SU.)
~t6:IOA Ocean View, South Han Francis**).. 1«:3»p
? 7:0<»a Ran Joxe and Way .Stations (Sew
Aimadm Worfneadaja unly) •1»S»P
J7:U0i Sunday Excursion tut San Jose,
Santa Crnz. Paciflo Grove and
Principal Way Stations...- J«:S3p
A (or Morning. V foJ A (ternoon.
•Daily. t Hundar eieepted. t Suudaj onl».
b .Saturday only.
• Saturday and Sand** e Monday only.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
S Steamers leave Broadway
|^ wharf. San Francisco:
Wlfc^^ . For Alaskan Forts— 11 a.
F?«4;/jiJ*k m.. Sept. 3. Change to com-
F'p'Vfcr^^ liany'3 steamers at Seattle.
l<ACjli\^k3 For Victoria. Vancouver
Kffi£<S*3&i (B - c ->- Port Townsend. Se-
F^&9>j«!r<fr=A1 attle. Tacnma. Everett. Ana-
f^^^ESI^M cortes and New Whatcom
(Wash.)— 11 a. m.. Sept. 3.
and every fifth day there-
after. Charge at Seattle to this company's
steamers for Alaska and G. N. R'y: at Seattle
or Tacoraa to N. P. R'y; at Vancouver to C.
P. R'j-.
For Eureka, Humboldt Bay— 2 p. m.. August
31. Sept. .5. and every fifth day thereafter.
For Santa Cruz, Monterey. San Simeon. Cam-
eos, Port Harford (San Luis Oblspo). Gaviota.
Panta Barbara. Ventura. Huenerne. San Pedro.
East San Pedro <Los Angeles) and Newport— 9
a. m.. Aujrust 31, Sept. 4, and every fourth
day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping: only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Oblsuo).. Santa Barbara. Port
Los Anjreles and Redondo (Los Angeled) — 11
a. m., Sept. 2, and every fourth day there-
after.
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo. Maratlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosa-
lia end Guaymas (Mexico)— 10 a. m.. 7th of
each month.
For further' information obtain company's
folders. • '
The company reserves the right to change
steamers, sailing datex and hours of sailing
without previous notice.
TICKET OFFICE-4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agents.
10 Market St.. San Franlcsco.
August 31, Sept. 10, 20. 30
COLUMBIA sails Sept. 5. 13. 23. Oct. 5
Short line to Walla Walla, Spokane. Butte.
Helena and all points In the Northwest.
Throuch tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD. General Agent.
630 Market st.
GOODALL. PERKIXS & CO..
Surverlntendents.
PARE SI2 First Class including Berth
I Mill. $8 Second Class and Meals.
STATE OF CALIFORNIA sails
From Spear-street Wharf at 11 A. M.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAN]
THE 0. R. & H. HO,
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
frimSiS rKIIClSCO— Tnl tt Hit*. I SUt.t ,Sli» 8)—
•7:15 9:00 11:00%. n. 11:13 *2;33 tV.99
*|:C3 t3:33 *S:C3p.m.
rramOUUIII-ruttrirudiiiT.— '<:00 8:00 10:Mt.M.
112:83 «l:03 tM3 *1jC3 ti:C3 '3:C3r.M.
COAST HI VISION (Narrow «4«k«).
(Foot fit Market Street. >
t7i43* Santa Cnu Excnrsion for Hanta
Cruz and l'riucip»l Way Statioca I»iO3p
•8i I » A Newark. CenterTi!li-.8aa Joae. EVI ton.
Boulder Crcelc.Sauta Cm: »nd Way
BUUuna ••^•p
t'ltSp Newark Oentenllle, Bau Joi«l New
Aimadeo. Fslton. Itnoldsr Cmek.
Bante Cnu and PrlndpaJ Way
Htatioaa •¦••»*a
•4:13p Newark. Hau Joaa. Los Gatos f»:^«»A
a »: I3p Glen wood. Felton, Santa Cnu t*'3»A
¦OCXUKBSf PAfint' CO3irA3IT.
(PACIFIC 3TUU.)
Trains le»»r nml nr« <tu« to nrrl** at
¦ NAM ru.*.>i:i>i4o.
. (Main Line. ?oot of Market StnsL)
LKATB — TROlf ACOCST 12. 1900. — ASBITS
•7:00a Benldi. Suisan, Elmir*. VMafiSe,
Ramsey aod Saor»naenv> *7l43r
•~iOO» 8hua Exprcn— D»t1s. Williams (fo*
Bartlett BprlocsX WUlo-wa. K«U
BliiS, Fortiand. «7:t3p
*7i3tA Martinez, 8w lUsnon. V*llejo. Jf»p»,
Calistogk sod MsnU Rosa *Ctl9p
•8iO«a D»t1«. Woodlsad. Knights Laadiaf.
MsnsTille. orotille. *Ti«3r
|-1:OO4 AtUotio Kxpren— Osdxn and Ea«t 'Uilir
•Hi»iU Jiilef, Tracy, Lathrop. Stockton "J: 13a
•>i3Ua San Juie, Liferniois, Stockton,
Ion*. S»crs:tieiit<i. PUeerTiC*.
M*c>stUI». Chloo. KedlElnS •»:15p
•8:3Oa Oakdkle. Chinas* (Jtox Yoasmite).
Sonorm. Carters. "isl.1 r
•!>:OOa HajwkTiU. Mlrs aod War Sutlooi. *l I: IS*
•0:00 a Lnn Angeles Eirrw» — Slariinoi
Tracy, Lathrop, ritoektoa. Ueteed
Fresno aud Loa Angeles *7tl3p
•»::to* V.u-i.i. Martin«s ana Way Stations 1 li4J?
•1O:UU4 Tha Oierl.u J UiDicsd— Ofdeo. Dan.
Ter, Omaha. Chicago *9il3p
•HiOOa Kll««, Stockton, Macraaeuto, Men.
doU. Fmno, Iiftoford, VUaUa,
Porterville *4il3*
•11:04a Urermore. BaDK«r, Oosh«a Juno-
tion. Bakanfleul. Loa Ao»'ele».....
•I3:nov Uajwarda. Niles and Way rtUtiou«. •2M.1p
? l:OOr Sacramento llitei 3te»mer» f.1:»lU
•:i:«0r H<i]r«Mds. Niles and Waj SUUonf. *St ISp
MiUOp Martluez. Han lUmoti. V.llejo,
Napa. C'allatoKa. Sauta Roaa «»il»»
•IiOOr BraicU. Winter*. 8aeiamenlo.
Wootlland, KuUhU Landing.
M.rjsTill*. OrovUIe MO: 11 4
MiSOp NUea. Han JneeandStoekioa *?<I3P
•»:uOrTha Owl limited— Tracy. Fresno.
-,,- ->- BalianOalJ. Baajua for baaUk Bajt-
barm. Loa Angolea. *1»>1Sa
•3U»«p Stockton IH-Ma
*3iO»pKsw Orleaat Express— Hakersflold.
Hauta IUrb»r». Los Aogsles. Dem-
inr. El fuo, New Orleans and
Katt .„?. *7i4»a
••>OOp Barwards. Nllaa aod 8ao Joan *7>4.-»*
1«iOOp Vaflejo *ia:13p
•«i«vp Oriental Mill-Ojlen. Cheyeans.
Oroahs. Chlcuu *H: 1.1?
•«iO9i" Oriental Malt — Ogden, Danver.
Omahft. Chio'vso. MilSf
; "7t«»» NUea, Tracy, Lathrop. Stockton.... •I»il3»
pi«0p Vallejo, l'url Co»t* aud W*r dta-
* Uona, „ I»i33f
, *Si*3r Oregon and Oallfornia Kipreu.Na».
ihi.ikiiU,. MariKlll*. ltatMin«.
TortUixl. rii(«t Wound and Kaat •Ssl.tA
rOLSOM. M3. ccr. 6th (The Oliver)— New fur-
i-ii-.-.fj sunry rzr.s., tingle or euitee; rfflgonalle.
F'"»I>SOM Tlt^r— Neatly fUTBiahrd single room;
retsorable.
JXUP, 204, cor. Mason (Cl«n*ord)-^-Handsomely
furrlebed sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
rrOi'ITH, VA— Pleasant runny room, $1 2S; two,
it fO fcer week.
DIED.
Attrldge. James • Hunn, Bernhard
Avery. Edith P. Jeffery, David S.
Bellman, Arthur XV. Lennon, John
Kerlln. Charles H. Lougiiery, Michael
Brock. Edwin O. W. Moar. Lizzie M.
Burke. Margaret A. Moyer. Frank
Casteliano. Marianna Newman, John T..
Chabree. Onezlme Farsons. Eleanor 8.
Chelini. Mary Phillips.
Cunningham, Daniel Rosoeter. James T.
David, Barbeta Schroder. Alice
Dunn. Frederick Etanyan, Jennie G.
Gropp, Mary J. Btemlck. James F.
Hensch, John & .WaJkedeld, Luclnda
McAVOY <fc CO:.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS A EMBALMERS.
02S9 Market at., between Sth and Sth. .,
Telephone South 247.
A— BRUNSWICK HOUSE, 148 Birth— Rooms
25c to II i«r eight. $1 25 to (5 per week, and
li*ht hoes' keeping; oi>en all n.'rht."
I.;::RNETT. 1«26 Market fold No. 1364)— Fur-
cished rras., euites, single; also unfum^hed.
BUSH. 720 (The Elk)— Changed hands, newly
i-er.ovs.led. nicely fum. sunny rms.. II M to $7
tv*-k: 2S<; to II SO night. H.RS. P. IUNPT.
UNITED UNDERTAKERS.
17 and 29 Fifth «t. Tel. South 167. '
ICNERAL DIRECTORS AND EHBALKER3.
Finest Equipment at Moderate Rates.
ItOOMS TO LET I'lirn. and Cafarn.
VAN NESS, 1021-Front eultes; large single
room* with running water. Ssfe
CLASSIFIED •drertifcemer.tB and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore et.
A BRANCH efflce for Call advertisement* and
subscriptions has been established at !«-«
Valencia rt.
MARRIED.
CROTHERS— BENJAMIN— In this city. August
30 1900, at St. Nicholas Hotel, by the Rev.
S. I>. Hutsir.piller, Thomas Graham Crothers
and Gertrude Benjamin, both, of Ban Fran-
cisco.
EVANS— COLL— In this .city. August l«, 1900,
by the nev. Dr. John A. B. Wilson, John
Charles Evans and Sadie Frances Coll. both
of gan Francisco.
GOODFELIjOw-REILLY— In this city. June
27. 1900. at Sacred Heart Church, by the Rev.
Father Cullen, Edward Goodfellow and Mar-
guerite Agnes - Rdlly.
LJTTLEMELD — DAXIEL6ON— In this city,
August 20. ISOa by the Rev. Dr. John A. B.
Wilson. Edward Elmer Llttlefield of San
Jose, and Annie M? Danielson of Hart, Mich.
VAN NEPS ave.. 4-02—8 neatly famished con.
sunny roojr.s; niso b«.y-wind<>w suite; hskpgr.
TAYLOR. 11*— Two eunny housekeeping rwraj
t'oir.i-letfc.
ST. JAMEP. McAlliiter and Laguna— Corner
rurny suitPi complete for light housekeeping;
•ufMi single rooms: rent reasonable; bath, tele-
phone and reception room.
OAK. us — 2 tunny rooms furnished for house-'
'rf^-plr.tr, $10; single rooms, $3. $6 and $8.
TOWEL!.., 1401—2 or Z nice sunny connecting
rrr.t. furnished for housekpg; slr.k. ras, bath.
EILVEH. 153. near Fourth— Two cheap fur-
nished r»v.,rcs for housekeeping.
BIRTHS— KARRIA6ES— DEATHS.
Birth, marrlsge and death notices sent by
mall will not be Inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have th« same published.
BORN.
GOLLY— In this city. August 28. 1300, to the
wife of E. V. Golly, a daughter.
O'BRIEN— In this city, August 30,. 1900, to the
wife of J. J. O'Brien, a eon.
SODERMAN- In this city, Ausrust 29. 1900, to
the wife of L. P. Soderman. a son.
MCALLISTER. KS-4 nicely furnished sunny
froct rooms; sink, range, bath, laundry: Jw.
I-B TiOY, 114. off Sacramento— t pleasant iucny
•scus^keepir.* rooms; large yard.
JONES, E1EB— Elegantly furnished suite, with
t'.ano and bath; also single rooms, with prlv-
t!«fe cf bousekp*: fUt newly fur.; reasonable
HYDE. 408 — Sunny front- alcove suite. $20: also
front parlor suite complete for housekeeping.
HOWARD, 10£3\4— Two connecting housekeeping
rrr.s , fum., IS; also double and single r.x>mi.
EOWABD, C2T— Hoosekeepilnc rooms, $1 To. tt.
HOWARD. 7€1H— Xlcely furnished sunny bay-
window euUe; man and wife; others; reas'bte.
I - OLSOM; ?34 — Sunny front bay window room
end kitchen; bath, modern conveniences; $3
week.
EDDY. S15— 3 or 4 unfurnished sunny rooms;
sll conveniences; private residence.
EDDY. O4 — Sur.ny furnirhed room with kitchen
complete for houf keeping; gas range.
CLEMENTINA, XTi— Flat C. 2 furnUhed rooms,
housekeeping: airy; sunny; couple only; $3.
MASRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday:
Herbert D. Clark. 23. Alameda, 'and Emma.
A. Mitchell, 29, Boston. «; * .
Ferdinand W. Nitzsehe. 33, A'nr York City,
and Fannie Odell. SO.' Mount Tabor. Or.
Albert F. Walter, 34, 429 SixiLh street, and
Anna M. Morris. 33. 113 Sixth" street.
Lowell W. Mason, 22. 222 Mason street, and
Clara- M. Knapp. 22. Portland. Or.
Constantino F. Serpa. 27. 8S04 Seventeenth
street, and Ruby Malgan. 20. 174S Folsom street.
Manuel C. Miller. 24,' Crockett, and Annie O.
Coecelo. 22, Crockett-
Thomas O. Crothers, S3. Hotel Et. Nicholas.
and Gertrude Benjamin, 20. Hotel St. Nicholas.
Edwin E. Llttlefield, 23. San Joee. and Anna
M. D&nielson. 28. Hart. Mich.
William B. Horr. 88, 257 Polk Btreet. and
Margaret O'Brien, 22, 663 York street.
Isador A. Friediander. 83, 430A Fol&om street,
and Luhi Berliner, 18, 430A Folsom Btreet.
T. Cary Friediander, 42, city, and Jessie
Cheever, W, city.
eistl Berrettl. U. «1 Paclflo street, and Lot-
tie H. Tuers. II, « Merrttt street
CHESTNUT. 27S— Two or three sunny furnished
housekeeping rooms; fine marine view.
IIOOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
BUCHA-NAN*. 602— Xicely furn!shed^i>unny~cor-
ner suite; housekeeping; bath; gas; others.
AN Uitrodactloa to you from H. Sebellhaas. the
furniture <1«Rler. 11th aiid Franklin. Oakland.
OAKLAND Frn\ITCRB FOR SALE.
PROPOSALS.
PROPOSALS for clothing and equipage— Depot
Quartermaster's office. 36 New Montgomery
St.. San Francisco. Cal.. August 23, 1S00 —
FeaW-d propoeals, in triplicate, will be re-
ceived at this office until 11 o'clock a. m.,
September 12. 1900, Pacific standard time, and
then opeiied, for furnishing Campaign Hats.
Black Calfskin Shoe*. Russet Shoes. Stork-
ings. Underrhirts. Legging Laces, Black
-Hats. Waist Belts. Letters Sent and Re-
ceived Books, Corn Brooms. Hatchets and
Helves. Camp Kettle*. Pickaxes and Helves,
Bhovele, Long and Short Handled; Spades,
Shelter Tent Poles, Petroleum Paper, Wrap-
ping Par>*r, Tailor's Crayons and Mattress
Covers. Preference will be given to articles
of domestic production and manufacture, con-
ditions of price and quality being equal (In-
cluding in th» price of foreign production and
manufacture the duty thereon), and such pref-
erence will be given to articles of American
production and manufacture produced on the
Pacific Coast, to the extent of the consump-
tion required by the public service there. The
United States reserves the right to accept or
reject any or al! proposals or any part there-
of. Information and blanks for proposals will
be furnished on -application. Envelopes con-
ta.ir.lr.jr proposals will be endorsed "Propo-
sals. Ho. €363." and addressed to Major OS-
CAR F. LONG. Quartermaster. U. S. Vols..
Deport Quartermaster. -
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
J. L. DOELE & CO..
466 EIGHTH ST.. OAKLAND.
."-roomfd cottage, 21st St., price 12500; $700
down.
10-roomed house; WZM; eacy terms.
S-roeCMd house; $12S0; will sell to please pur-
chaser. >
5-rooraed rn<yj*>rn rottaire; Myrtle Bt. ; $1900;
j?rio cr-.m-n: balar.o* installments.
«-roorned rottase; Franklin St.: S3000; one-
};alf <-ash. balance to suit purchaser.
10-ro'Jined house; Adeline St.; $1500; one-half
ca.fh. balance to fuit buyer.
5-room^d oottae*; 6 minutes' walk from sta-
tlin: CSSM; J2"j ( > down, balance on Installments.
5-roorcW cottage; Peralta. »t. ; $1000; $209
down, balance to suit purchaser.
7-roorr.«»d cottage; Chestnut st. ; $2000; $150
fiown. balacr* installments.
THE CHOICEST LOT ~ — — — -
ON GROVE ST.; lTOxlK
N^rtheaFt rcrner-Kth st., 4 or 5 feet above
Ftr*et grade, and for a price less than inside
lots on crocs streets are sold.
ALSO «.
For $1100. rrttage. 5 rooms and bath: lot 23x
Wr. this pnvperty sold a few years since for
$2F/iO and now rents for $12 per month. A. J.
EN-TT'ER & CO.. 4C7 N'lnth «t-. Oakland.
Oiill\D ADVERTISEMENTS,
FINE corner lot. tflxVS2. bet. FrultvsJe and
Elmhurst: uninc-nmbered: for sale cheap. Vtr-
• ticulars from owner, L. A. LAFRANCA. MI«-
e'or. Sea Jose. Cal.
FRriTVALE REAL ESTATE.
FRUITVALE ADVERTISEMENTS
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 722 Mission St.:
tel. Main 1S40— Packing, morfng and storage.
PAFE Investment for J7500: Mock cf land favor-
ably located near comlr* Santa Fe Railroad.
Particulars C.WILLMOTT. S16 Market st.,6.F.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Fillmore St.; phone Jackson 281.
STORAOfi AND WARBHODSBS.
WILSON" BROS., storage and moving: covered
vais. Tenth and Market; phone t^outh 7<>2.
Jt^O— YOU really should see this; It's worth
inspection; Just completed; southeast corner
T*:e*raph ave. and Derby et.; 5-room oot-
tape. finished In a thorouyhlv workmanlike
rr.ar.aer In »very respect; with electric lights.
*:as connections, etc.. and or.ly 10 minutes'
wa'.k from the ur.lverritr. Apply to MASON
A- McLENATHEN. adjoining P.*O.. Berkelev
rtation.
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought, sold and repairing: Kuaran-
teed. Cha« Plambeck. 1915 Mission, nr. 15th.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented:
rerialrirr at lowest rates. 205 Fourth St.
BERKELEV REAL. ESTATE.
4-ROOM oott^*, inbloc^rTronTTtatlonr^r'
ere<3; hot and cold water; large lot; SOxiso
feet; an fenced ani a pood wpII of water on
premises; price tllOO; $300 down an<i balance
to suit In monthly payments.
Take Berkeley train, pet off at Lorin and
apk for RUDOLPH, PERKINS & LYON\
Frr.a.11 3-room cottape on macadamized street;
3 blocks from station; price $$00: terms to suit.
RUDOLPH. PERKINS & LYON'.
Lorin Btatlon. Berkeley.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
SPECIAL NOTICES.
BEARS for <1ecoratir.fr; full firure and relief;
.large and pmall elze; a (Treat variety. Call
at well-known fire art statuary 6tore, D.
MEXCARINI. Pll Mission st.
BAD tenant* ejected for $4: collection!!" made
city or 'country. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO.
415 Montgomery St.. rooms S-10; tel. 5S?0.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
1G pajres.. in wrapper, for mailin/r. $1 per year.
j;fK> WILL build new 2-story house of « rooms
ICING, bmlder. 1:43 park ft .
ALAMEDA REAL, ESTATE.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
WANTED— A furnished room by a lady in re-
*r*;f table private family in Western Addition;
no cooking: not home during the day. Box
4054. Call.
3 OR 4 lar^e *>unny rooms: new; partly fur-
r.lshea: ref.; parlor floor. Box 4^24. Call office.
PTHNTED list-M. GPJFFIX. 71? Mr,-ket; r. 1;
farms and city rroperty exchanged or sold.
FOR sale— About 3 acres of land: near Colma.
Kan llateo County. 445 Valencia «t.
ROOMS AND HOARD.
HOTEL Sutherland, 791 Suttrr St.: choice loca-
tion; Funny rooms with board; first-class with
every convenience. /
fubst-riptions has been established at 1094
Valencia st
CLASSIFIED advrrtisemerit!" onfl subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 22^0 Fillmore ft.
TO LEA£E-father ranch. Pan Pablo Creek.
Centra Costa Cour.ty; 1U.0 acres; 2M acn-s
fra^n land; well watered; raiiroa-J facilities
In rrgon to n. E. UOWLAND. Orinia Park.
STOCK and grraln ranch for sale in O^usa Co.:
j-<0 acres; no an acre; EM frrain. rm in hill
land. M. S. CHAXDOX. Marysville, Cal.
CHEAP little home in town. Alsne'ia County;
?££f nslv * P^'lT houses and yards; house for
1(XO ripeor.s; rr-al estate. r-erBcna! I-rcperty;
*'' f °r 5~^0- Ca.il LCi California St.. room 2.
PUTTER. 717, near Taylnr— Sunny; choice; rea-
sonable; please investigate.
THIRTEENTH. E27H. above Guerrero— Large
sunny room for 1 or two 2 ladies. Call be-
t »-<-fn 4 ar.d 7 p. m.
POTTH PA UK. 46— Nicely furnished sunny
fmnt rocms to let.
SIXTH. 1*G— Furnished sunny rooms; single or
r-ultr*: also rooms for light housekeeping.
REAL ESTATE COLWTItV — For Sale
ACCTTtATT: personal knowledge— earn cf the
.C«0 rar.cbes on my SALE and BXCHAKGE
l\ft. J.Ti-re than al! other agents in this f!ty.
N. D. fiICKKLr-5. the land agent. € <>eary St.
HERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth St..
r.ear Market— Fcrnlshed or unfurnished.
MODERN house* built; loweet prices; plans and
eetlmg.tea furnished. Campbell. 1147 Mission.
MISSION cottage; 6 rooms anTbath; large lot;
terms to «uit rmyer. Owner 41S Kearny Ft.
ROTAL HOtrPE. 126 Ellis »t.— Incandescent
lipht: reading room, smoking room and ladies'
parlor; room?, per night, 35c to $1 50; week. $2
to ?S; month, t% to $20; elevator on office
floor; rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
ROSEDALE House, S19 and321Elllsst.— Rooms,
r.icht Sc to tl, werk Jl 25 to $4; open night.
I^AL^ESTATE-CITV FOR SALE.
FOR salt cheap? business property on Howard
Drvi^? n A r^'.. aM nrth - Appl - v bew
POST. El.V-Suite of rooms nicely furnished, and
al««o single rooms; rent reasonable and use
of bath.
O'FAr.rtm.L. 742— Nicely furnished sunny quiet
rooms, en suite or single; gas, bath, phone.
POS1\ 527— Newly furnished front room; other
rooms! unfurnished; reasonable.
rUYSlCJAXS AM) BCRGBOSS.
DR. J. HERBERT~REEveT26V Kelrnyit"
cures by e^trtcitv XttvSSi PrVetration. In-
son-.ii:a Asthma. KheumatlFm. r.iralv.Ms. ca-
tarrh. Consumption. Kitinev. «nrl all' ii'Sain-
?«££<£ 2?^;?W^Oate«'«aa reMfl-nce.
7 Market ft.. Ivi Sixth and Seventh.
ELECTRIC lijhts la every room-Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third ft., new Market: 700 roorr.«-
. *zc to $1 £0 per .r.ljrht: Jl £0 to 16 per weck :
free rum and baccaga to and frcm the ferry.'
PILCS-Sno i«nr.anent cures in San Francisco
who can be *cer.; no operation; no pain; rar-
t'.culars x-r;'.. Act. Physician, hex 1SS0. Call.
LT-nivRnTVS Oulntoniea. liaYrtonle etop» falU
ing out; cleaning, beautifying; S5c & bottle.
LEDEHOrB tamo Shampoo leads them aU-
Sat real merit; try it; only 5c package, u.-c -
WANTi:D-Oid-ras h . one *l Miv-r. brasE. copper
J^JlIlL^l^I\L^l^^I^ lla " s - t:i I>uP°nt Vt.
M'lTB to order on eRMTpaj-rnent?". ArTTsjior^
ng « o.. Examiner, building, rrota 407.
CAST-OFF rlothinz. olj jr^.a and silver bought;
send rental. CQLEMAN-P. U* K»arny st.
itomar to Hawmxurax color; li. at an druggists.
Heyen. Hannah Wilder. Harold O.
Hosle. David
ATTRIDGE— August 29. 1S00. James Attridge,
beloved brother of Mrs. Margaret Gibbons,
Sirs. Mary Gardiner and Mm. Lizzie Nelson.
a native of the parish of Durus, County Cork,
Ireland, agpd 55 years.
OTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the parlors of
the United Undertakers, 27 and 23 Fifth
street, thence to St. Patrick's Church. In-
terment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
A VERY— In this city, August 30. 1900. Edith
Pearl, darling daughter of William an* Edith
Avery, a native of San Francisco, ased 8
months and 24 days.
BELLMAN-In Redlands, August 2?. 1S0O. Ar-
thur Watkins Bellman, beloved son of Vin-
cent and Marcuret Bellman, and brother of
Robert. Vincent Jr.. Isabel. Eustace. Cecil
and Alico Bellman and Mrs. G. C. Gallagher,
a native of San Francisco, agea 23 years U
months and 17 days.
(CT Not ice of funeral hereafter.
BERLIN— In this city August 30. 1900. Charles
Holt Berlin, beloved husband of Etfle A. Ber-
lin, and brother of F. A. Berlin, a native of
West Virginia, aged 41 years 9 months and
2 days.
CTFriends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral services to-morrow (Satur-
day), at 12:30 o'clock, at his late residence.
314 Cherry street. Interment private.
BROCK— In this city, August 29, 1900, Edwin
Oliver William Brock, dearly beloved son of
William F. and Mary E. Brock, aged 2
months and 8 days.
BURKE— In this city, August 30, 1900, Mar-
garet A., drarly beloved wife of Hugh • W.
burke, mother of William H. Burke, daugh-
ter of Eliza and the late John McLaughlin,
and sister of Mrs. M. Sessar, William J. Mc-
Laughlin and Mrs. A. Sinclair, a native of
San Francisco, aged 38 years 1 month and 3
days.
. ItTNotlce of funeral hereafter.
CASTELLANO— In this city. August 30. 1900.
Marinnna Castellano, beloved mother of Rose
Rimassa, and mother-in-law of Siberale Rlm-
assa. a native of Italy, aged 69 years.
CHABRKE— In this city, August 30. 1900, One-
zime Chabree, beloved aunt of Mrs. J. F.
• Rossi, a native of France, aged 71 years.
CHKLINI — In Sonoma. Sonoma County. Mary,
beloved wife of Frank Chellnl, mother of
Albert, Frank and Marble Chelini. and sister
of John Cavolli, a native of Switzerland, aged
32 years.
tt3 r l ; *riends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Sunday,
September 2, at 11:30 o'clock, from her late
residence in Sonoma.
CUNNINGHAM— In Bay Point. Contra Costa
County, August 30. 1P00, I>anlel. beloved
husband of Fannie Cunningham, father of
William F., James B.. George A., Simon W.,
Daniel K. Jr. and Joseph hi. Cunningham,
and brother of Kearn and Ann Cunningham
and Mrs. F. Gllfether. a native of Kings
County. Ireland, aged 73 years. (Cincinnati,
Ohio, papers please copy.)
(£7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fuily Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), from his late residence. Bay
Point, thence to Antioch. where a requiem
rr.a«s will be celebrated for the repoee of his
soul, commencing at 11:30 o'clock.
DAVID— In this city, August 29, 1900, Bar-
beta David, beloved wife of the late LazaruH
David, mother of Isaac and Robert David.
Mrs. Bessie Harris, Harry David and Mrs.
Dora Harris, and aunt of Mrs. Betsy Kra-
mer, a native of Germany, aged 62 years 5
months and 8 days.
IT?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 10 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 134 John street, between Powell and
Mason. Jackson and Pacific streets, thence to
Third and Townsend streets by 11:30 o'clock
train. Interment Hills of Kternlty Cemetery-
DUNN— In the City and County Hospital, Au-
KUFt 30, l'.'OO, Frederick Dunn, a native of
England, aged 57 years.
GROPP— In West Berkeley, August 30. 1900,
Mary Jane, beloved wife of George M. Gropp,
and mother of Albert and Carrie Wilson, a
native of Ireland, aged 48 years. (Chicago,
111., and St. Louis. Mo., papers please copy.)
(T7" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Sunday.
September 2. at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. Ninth and Camella streets. West
Berkeley. Interment Mountain View Ceme-
tery.
HEN'SCH-In Hanover. Germany. August 10,
lf-oo. John E-, beloved husband of the late
Dorathea Hensch. father of Mrs. Dr. Franz
Brewing, and brother of Mrs. J. H. J. Sey-
d*n, a native of Amt Dorum. aged 71 years.
HEYEN— In this city. August 23. 1900. Hannah,
beloved wife of John Heyen. and dearly be-
loved mother of Mrs. Annie Dahl. a native of
County Cork, Ireland, aged 62 years and 6
months.
C7" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 9 o'clock sharp, from her late
residence 3115 Fillmore street, between Green-
wich and Filbert, thence to St. BriRid's
Church, corner Van Ness avenue and Broad-
way, where a solemn requiem high mass will
be celebrated for the repose of her soul, com-
mencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
HOSIE— In this city. August 28. ID00. David,
belovtd husband of Susan Hosie. father of
W. D. Hosle, stepfather of Fred and Josle
Kentley and Mrs. C. Beecher, and grand-
father of Myrtle Beecher. a native of Scot-
land, aged f>3 years.
(t^Funeral services will be held this day
(Friday), at 1 o'clock, at his late residence. 65
Valley street, between Twenty-eighth and
Twenty-ninth. Guerrero and Dolores. Inter-
ment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
Hl'XN— In this city. August 30, 1900, Bernhard
Hunn, a native of Baden. Germany, aged 43
years.
JHFFERY— In this city, August 29. 1900, David
S. Jeffery. a native of California, aged 46
years 2 months and SO days.
|C7"Frlend» and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 2 o"clock, from the parlors of
the California Undertaking Company. 405 pow-
ell street, near Post. Interment Masonic
Cemetery.
LEXXOX-In the City and County Hospital.
August 29, 1900. John Lennon. a native of
New York, aged 60 years.
LOT'OHERY— In this city, August 29, 1900,
Michael Loughery. a native of County Gal-
way, Ireland, aged 58 years. (Santa Cruz pa-
pers I'leane copy.)
K7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Sunday,
September 2. at 1 o'clock, from St. Mary's
Hospital. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery. A
Folemn requiem mass will be celebrated for
the repose of his soul to-morrow (Saturday),
In the Chapel of the Passion, attached to St.
Mary's Hospital, commencing at 9 o'clock.
Friends are invited to attend.
MOAR — Suddenly, in this city, August 29,
1900. Lizzie M. Moar. niece of Mrs. Edwin
Danforth. a native of Massachusetts.
fir Funeral services will be held this day
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, at the family resi-
dence. 2027 Broadway. Interment private.
MOYER— In Oakland. August 27. 1900. at 1213
Eleventh avenue. Frank Moyer. a native of
liurks County, Pennsylvania, aged 74 years
10 months and 15 days.
NEWMAN— In this city. August 30, 1500, John
T.. •beloved husband of Charlotte Newman,
and father cf Frank T. Newman. Mrs. L.
Davle*. Mrs. R. C. Black, Mrs. G. Stolz and
Mrs. W. Jonfs, a native of England, aged C9
years.
PARSONS— In this city, August 30, 1900, at
Mount Zlon Hospital, Eleanor Stewart, the
very dearly beloved wife of George Parsons,
. aged 25 years.
PHILLIPS— In this city. Augu?t 30, 1900,
Phillips, a native of Ireland,- aged 62 years.
ROSSETER— In Alameda, AUgust 30. 1900.-
James Tone, beloved 6on of Abbie M. and
the late "George R. Rosseter. a native -of San
'Francisco, aged 2S years 10. months and 21
days. • ••
(C7The" funeral will take place to-morrow
(Saturday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 2030 San Jose avenue, Alameda, thence
'to St. Joseph's Church, where a requiem- high
maes will be celebrated for the repose of his
soul, commencing at 10 o'clock. Friends are
Invited to attend. Interment private. No
flowers.
ECHRODER— In this city, August 29, 1900, Alice
Schroder, beloved wife of Georg« Schroder, a
native of England, aged 47 years and 8
months.
(£7 Funeral; to-morrow (Saturday), at 10
o'clock, from the parlors of Julius S. Godeau,
805 Montgomery avenue. Interment private.
BTANYAN— In this city. August 2S, 1900, Jen-
nie Q., widow of the late Charles H. Stanyan,
and mother of Jennie H. and Charles H.
Etanyan. a native of Portsmouth, N. H., aged
67 years. (Boston papers please copy.)
(CTFuneral services will be held this day
(Friday), at 12:15 o'clock, at the family resi-
dence, 2006 Bush street. Interment private.
Mountain View Cemetery. Oakland.
STEMICK— In this city, 'August 30, 1900, James
Francis Etemick. beloved eon of Charles and
Minnie Stemlck, aged 3 months.
CTFTlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from his late residence,
2012 Union street. Interment National Ceme-
tery, Presidio.
WAKEFIELD— In this city. August 30, 1900.
Luclnda Wakefleld, beloved mother of B. L.
Ireland and Mrs. Alice Sproul of Republic,
Wash., a native of Indiana, aged 67 years 2
months and 20 days.
WILDER— In this city. August SO. 1900, Harold
C.. beloved son of Ernest E. and Rea Wilder,
a native of San Francisco, aged 3 months.
PERSONALS.
ROOMS TO LET— Fnrn. and Unfam.
O'FAnRKLL, 20-^Sunny furnished rooms and
office*; elevator; eloctric liKhts; day. wk., mo.
NOE, 1L3— 2 or 3 sunny bay-window rooms; r&s
rnnjre; erato: bath: $14.
MARKET. 1D35. The Ix>henrrln— Newly fur-
nished front rooms; also others; by the -week
or month.
LOCUST avc. 12T.-1 or 2 neatly furnished front
rrvjiiiv, J4 ."•<» por month. • .
JESSIE. .163. near Fifth and Market— Furnished
rooms, J4 ard f5; large, for 2 persons. $8.
LAS PAI.MA?, 1SS0 Market St.— Suite of 2 or 3
mi?.: jirivate; hath; sin. rms.; board optional.H. Clarke, who is connected with the
Journal of Commerce, is wanted on a
charge of defrauding an innkeeper. The
complaining witness is R. Lenhardt, pro
prietor of the Ca-ino in Golden Gate Park.
Clarke has been in the habit of running
up bills at the Casino, and Tuesday last
he was asked to pay something on ac
count. He gave Lenhardt a check for $23
on the Nevada Bank, but when it was pre
sented for payment it was marked "no
account."
the sacred breed of Siam and there it
means death for any one except a priest
to be found with one in his possession.
Cham is the descendant of a temple cat,
stolen from the sacred tombs at Bangkok
by an English sailor, who was paid $1000
for his possession by a London cat fancier.
The sacred cat is light brown In color, its
hair being quite short, while its feet and
head are of a dark chocolate hue.
THERE were all sorts of cats at the
first exhibition of the Pacific Cat
Club held yesterday afternoon at the
residence cf the club's recording sec
retary, Mrs. A. H. Brod, 114 Broderick
street. There were fluffy cats and short
haired cats, big cats, small cats, cats with
ribbons on them, cats with bells on them,
cats with pedigrees an.i plebeian cats in
bewildering variety and each animal had
an eager owner hovering near explaining
its cuteness and general good qualities
to all who would listen. The basement of
Mrs. Brod's residence was piled to the
celling with cats. They invaded the draw
ing-room, their cages mingling in odd ef
fect with the Chippendale furniture and
the soft carpels, but to the sufferer from
the cat fever nothing is sacred and if the
tousled Angoras and trim Siamese
felines had wanted the entire house they
could probably have had It. All day long
people came and went and prodded the
caged Thomases and Marias or stroked
them as their whim dictated, but through
it all these bluebloods of. catdom lay calm
and dignified, pome on cushions of the
softest silk and floss and some on hard
boards.
The exhibition was given to stimulate
interest among the cat owners of the city
in the club and its objects. The Pacific
Cat Club is the only organization of Its
kind in America and since its incorpora
tion last July has enrolled fifty members,
with a lengthy list posted for election. A
stud book has been opened and lectures
are given at the business meetings to
afford members an opportunty for ac
quaintance with advanced ideas in scien
tific breeding and selection.
The show made yesterday was very
gratifying to all concerned, some fifty or
etxty animals being on exhibition. No
ticeable among them were Mrs. A. Me-
Cabe's tiger cat Doc, an immense animal,
weighing twenty-two pounds. Doc divid
ed honors with Mrs. Allan Abbott's white
Angora Fluff, the finest cat of its kind
on the Pacific Coast and weighing twen
ty-four pounds. Mrs. C. E. Martling,
president of the club, exhibited Quaker,
a gray chinchilla. Tho vice president,
Mrs. Hoag, showed Buster, valued at $500,
a direct importation from Persia. The
animal which attracted the lion's share of
attention, howevert was Mrs. M. Free
man's Siamese cat Cham. This cat is of
Gonzaies Held for Robbery.
Jarr.ec Gor.zaWs, son of a wealthy
7>lar.ter ir. Guatemala, was held to answer
before the Superior Court by Judge Ca
banSss on the charge of robbery, yester
day, jn J20M bonds. He wat< accused of
being one of two men who held up rjjd
robbed Benjamin Hess of 813 onk street
on the r.ight '<f August 17. He endeavored
to establish an aJibi. but it dli .lot hang
together.
Fleeced a Domestic.
Miss Margaret Sheppard asked the po
lice yesterday to arrest George Hodges.
She said she went to Miss Dillon's em
ployment agency Wednesday and met a
man who said he was George Hodges, a
hotel-keeper at San Andreas. He engaged
her and asked her to meet him at the
ferry yesterday morning. They met and
he got $6 ¥> from her to pay her fare,
which he said he would refund if she
suited. He told her to wait for a few
minutes and he would return. She waited
for hours, and as he did not return she
went to police headquarters. It was
learned that George Hodges does not keep
a hotel at San Andreas and is not known
there.
Admission I>ay Visitors.
We secure your rooms in advance, so
avoid confusion and delay. Send Jl to
Admission Day Information Bureau, £30
Market street. San Francisco. •
SOME SAMPLE COPIES - OF THE CATS WHOSE BLUE BLOOD ENTITLED
THEM TO OCCUPY SPACE.
Seme unknown thief or thieves, for
whom the poUoe are searching, robbed
tlie bcxly of "Jim" l?ail»y, who dl<»d sud
denly lafct Saturday in his saloon at Grant
uveiiue ar»d Berry str.-et. They secured
considerable Jewelry and money.
Bailey was suddenly seized with a hem
orrhage wliile waiting on a patron of his
f.;d<jon and he d!*d thortly afterward.
There vi-re at lea*t hn!f a dozen men in
the pla<-«- at the time, the majority of
whom wore opium fiends and crooks.
Mu r being seized with the fatal attack
Bailey asked to be taken to his room, as
h«- did not want to die in his resort. Sev
eral of the men who were present picked
Irin EJJ and carried him to his apart
ments, which are over the saloon. A doc
tor was at once summoned, but despite
his efforts Bailey breathed bis last a
Btunt time later.
The following morning his relative*
vere notified of his death and they had
an undertaker tak<» charge of the re
ir.:t'.r.s. When the body was searched at
the recuest of his relatives not a cent
•was found. Even the costly Jewelry
¦which th»* d' v ceased ha/i worn was miss
ing. As it tins' positively known that the
*aJoon-keep~r had over J209 In his pockets
vhen he was taker, ill, his relatives con
cluded that the body had been robbed,
fci.d they lcs<t no titne in notifying the po
lice. An investigation by the police re
vtaled that the cash drawer in the sa
loon had also been rifle<i of its content?
by the thieves.
'Mrs. Vi'fseman, the sister of the dead
man, is justly indignant over the out
rage. She is the wife of Ed Wiseman,
•who is employed in the Recorder's office.
Fhe is satlMied that the desecrators of
the dead secured at lfast $200. as Bailey
¦was in the habit of carrying about that
much money on his person, besides the
costly jewelry which he wore, and the
orntcr.tf of the cash drawer, perhaps
amounting to forty or fifty dollars.
The man who has been placed in charge
of the saloon by the relatives when seen
veeterca.}' readily agroed to tell what he
fcm-w of the robbery of the dead.
M Eailcy was not feeling well when he
came on watch," he remarked, "and he
¦was advised to go h< me, but he would
not. Several hours later he was seized
with a hi'3jorrha«. and sat down in a
chair. There wrre a m:mber of men in
the saloon at the time who were friends
ot Bailey. As he was fast growing weak
er, he asked them to carry him to his
room, as he had an aversion to dying
In the saloon. He whs immediately re
rnoved to his room, where he died a short
time afterward. I was selected by the
relatives to take charge of the saloon,
and on assuming the duties 1 at onev dis
covered that the cash drawer had been
robbed of its contents immediately after
Bailey had passed away.
"Suspecting that the men who had car
ried him to his room had returned to the
saloon after he had died and rifled the
cash door. 1 closely questioned them, but
•without getting a clew to the perpetra
tors of the outrage. I did not learn that
the body had Iv-^n robbed until the fol
lowing day. I think the men who carried
Bailey out of the saloon committed the
casts-rdly crime. The body could not
have been co!d before they searched it for
valuables. Kalicy had a valuable diamond
rhlrt stud, a gold watch and chain and
several costly rings. a!l of which disap
peared immediately afttT he breathed his
iast,"
Detectives Dinan and Wren have been
detailed on the ease, but so far they have
Ixnn unable to obtain a clew to the rob
l*r cr robbers.
After Kobbing the Corpse the Thieves
Visited His Place of Business
Drawer.
and Rifled the Cash
Money and Jewelry Stolen
From* the Person of
the Saloon Man.
BAILEY'S BODY
ROBBED BEFORE
IT GREW COLD
Fearful lest he should lose his license,
Jacques Miro, a saloon-keeper at 1211 Pow
ell street, upon finding the lifeless body
of an aged Spanish woman in a side room
of his establishment, coolly carried it into
the back yard and thence to the cellar,
where he hid the corpse behind a lot of
beards and barrels. The roost peculiar
thing »ibout tho case is the fact that Miro
did not call a physician when he lirst dis
covered the unconscious woman. He ad
mits that he was somewhat under the in
fluence of liquor at the time, lie took it
for granted that the woman was dead and
ha.sit-i.ed to get her out of the way.
"It would havu hurt my business if any
one had found her there, so I put her In
the cellar until nobody v.as around, when
1 Inteiitietl to put her in the street," said
Miro.
Hut for the entire absence of a motive
for foul play the police would be inclined
to accept Mini's story with hesitation.
The wjKun, R-husc iiiune wa«j Urijiiia lis
o-har, left ner home at 15 John strtet
shortly alter noon Wednosu.iy after tell
ing her uaughter that she wa-s going after
u pall ol betr. Aecoraiiijj to Miro, she
:iPI»eare«i at Ms saloon at 2:30 o'clock in
tiit- afuriioou ant! .isked to be trusted for
a <lrink. licing refused th» woman sat
down in a smail anteroom at or.e side of
the bar. For the next n:ilf hour Miro
*ays be was busy handing out .irinks.
\\ hen tne rush was over he looked into
the anteroom and found the woman
asleep. On the tabie In front ot hfr was
a demijohn half lilled with g:n. This she
had taken from a cupboard lr. the room.
Sveing that the woman was intoxicated
Miro led her to a back room, where he
tolti her to lie down and sleep. This was
about 3 o'clock. Ho didn't see her again
until 1 o'clock yesterday morning. Upon
gehjg 1 to the back room he ?ays he saw
her lying Caes down on the floor. She did
not answer rim, and after shaking her
severul times he concluded she was dead.
The prospect of the police finding the
body there and u a natural consequpnee
ordering his place closed almost drove
Miro to distraction. In a moment he had
planned it all out. Lifting the body in his
arms he carried it into the back vurd and
then to the cellar, where he laid :t on a
pi!e of rubbish. He shut and locked the
cellar door and returned upstairs, evi
dently feeling greatly relieved. After
locking up ho went to the house of his
brother-in-law, Ettinene Montebaum, and
told his story-
Miro said his plan was to cast the body
into the Ft ret t beftre morning, and this
would clear him of all suspicion. The
trother-in-law acreed to the plan and
went for two friends to help them. They
at once became suspicious and notified
the police. Detectives Dinan and Wren
found the body at 4:."?0 yesterday morning
and ordered it taken to the Morgue.
Miro was placed under arrest. Dr. Ice
land held an autopsy on the body of Mrs.
Escobar later in the day and he reported
that df-ath was due probably to alcohol
ism. The stompch has been sent to Chem
ist Gre«m for analysis.
He Finds Mrs. Escobar's Lifeless Re
mains in a Side Boom and
Determines to Conceal
Them.
Jacques Miro Is Fearful
Lest He Should Lose
His License.
SALOON-KEEPER
SECRETES DEAD
BODY IN CELLAR
. J. Bertx reopens the Central Dining-rooms, 24
Ellis. .' His reputation guarantees excellence.'' *
The Chicago Elopers. **
Frank Roepke, who eloped with Mrs.
Paul Sonntag from Chicago July 14, had a
charge booked against him et the City
Prison yesterday on complaint if the
woman's husband. Mxs.~Sonntag.wns re
moved from the Receiving Hospital to the
City and County Hospital yesterday after
noon. She, was visited by her husband,
who read to her the letter Roepke wrote
to, his wife wanting: to return to her. as
he had got tired of Mrs. Sonntag. Sonn
tag has not yet decided to forgive his
wife. Leon, Roepke's boy, was sent to
the Children's Hospital yesterday.
Knowlton Will Fight Back.
The, Board of Education will meet this
morning, and among other business will
consider the reply of Vice Principal Eben
ezer Knowlton to the unfavorable report
made against him by Mrs. Banning, prin
cipal of the Everett Grammar School.
Knowlton will raise the point that he
has been illegally suspended. a3 no
charges have been filed against him. by
Superintendent Webster. He further
claims that even in the report of Mrs.
Banning there are no allegations of In
competence, though his notice of suspen
sion, signed by President Mark, contains
that charge as a cause. He has prepared
an elaborate brief of the law on the case
and will take it to court should an ad
verse decision be rendered by the board
Largest Individual Holding, the Dar
win Mines, Are Worth, an Even.
Hundred Thousand.
The Inventory and appraisement of the
estate of the late Patrick Reddy was filed
yesterday. R. W. Campbell. H. B. Ham
bly and Oliver Roberts, the appraisers,
find the estate to be worth $150,472 55.
Among the large items on the inventory
the following appear: Money in bank.
$1272 G5; real estate in Tulare ajid Inyo
counties, known as the Monaehe prop
erty, valued at $20,000; the homestead in
this city. Pacific avenue, near Scott
street, valued at $16,000; a group of mines,
known as the Darwin mines, in Inyo
County, valued at $100,000; note of J. F.
Millner, valued at $1600: Interest of de
ceased in partnership of Reddy. Camp
bell & Metson. valued at $4000; law li
brary, valued at $2000. The baiance of the
estate consists of small real estate hold
inga and personal property.
APPRAISEMENT OF THE
REDDY ESTATE FILED
"There is over $100,000 In the treasnrlea
of the twenty-eight organizations affili
ated with the Building Trades Council,
and every cent of it will go into the mill
men's fight if needed." said President Mc-
Carthy at the close of a lengthy session
of the council last evening. In addition
to this ready money Mr. McCarthy said
that every member of all these organiza
tions has been, assessed from 25 cents per
day to $1 75 a week, and these assessments
will continue until the trouble has ended.
At the meeting it was announced, that
$1SOO has already been paid to the mill
men from the treasury. About 150 have
received the benefit of this distribution.
Many of the men were paid yesterday.
Beginning next week there will be estab
lished a regular pay day and a correct
list will be kept of all the unemployed
millmen and the sums they receive from
the union.
The council decided that the entire pro
ceeds of the Labor day celebration shall
go to the millmen's fund. It was an
nounced that a canvass had been made
of all the union men now out to see if
they wished to return to work, and not
one expressed a desire tr. go back until
the eight-hour demand had been con
ceded.
The Sign and Pictorial Painters' Union
has subscribed $25 toward the strike and
passed the f ollowing? resolution: . ? -/,
Resolved, That the members of this union
do hereby indorse the action of the Building
Trades Council in declaring a boycott on nine
hour mills; and be it further
Resolved. That any member of this union
found guilty of working on sign boards or
other work of any description coming from un
fair mills shall stand expelled, upon convic
tion of said offense.
Oakland Mills Declared Unfair.
OAKLAND, Aug. 30.— The Buildlns
Trades Council at a meeting to-night
passed resolutions to the effect that all
mills which were notified prior to May 30
that on August 13 the eight-hour day
would be enforced and which are now
working nine hours-are declared to be un
fair, and work hereafter sent out by them
will be turned down by the various
branches of trade affiliated with the
council.
Decorators Pledge Support, and Labor
Day Receipts Will Help Swell
the Fund for the Union
Hen.
Over 8100,000 Placed at
"Their Disposal by the
Trades CounciL
MILLMEN WILL
FIGHT BOSSES
WITH BIG MONEY
Judge Cabaniss and George D. Collins,
the attorney for the poolsellers. locked
horns yesterday morning over the case
of Daniel J. Crowley, and the Judge's re
marks were of a character that could not
be misunderstood.
The Jury disagreed Tuesday night, and
when the case was called Wednesday to
bo reset Collins intimated that it would
be better not to issue a venire, as he In
tended filing an affidavit for a change of
venue. The Judge said he could do that,
but he would not delay issuing the venire,
and set the case again for trial this aft
ernoon.
Collins appeared in court yesterday and
made a motion for a change of venue,
filing an affidavit by Crowley in support of
the motion. The affidavit was as follows:
That the said Judre is about to try the said
action and is biased and prejudiced therein,
against said affiant and In favor of the prose
cution; that said bias and prejudice Is of the
most pronounced and virulent character; that
the said Judge has actively and persistently
and outside of his official duty exerted himself
to the utmost In assisting the prosecution in
said action to obtain a conviction therein of this
affiant, upon the charge made In the complaint
on file in said action; that the said Judse has
openly and notoriously made himself the zeal
ous partisan of the said prosecution and has
declared it to be his purpose and Intention to
secure a conviction of said affiant upon said
charge; that there has been one trial of said
action before a Jury, at which trial said Judge
presided; that at said trial said Judge
endeavored to his utmost, first to entice and
then to cocerce the Jury into a verdict in favor
of the prosecution, and expressed his chagrin
and disappointment that the members of the
Jury had failed to convict affiant of the said
charge. Affiant further eays that It is abso
lutely Impossible tot/ him to obtain a fair and
Impartial trial if said Judge presides at the
trial of said action; that said Impossibility
arises from the fact that said Judge Is intense
ly biased and prejudiced afirainet affiant's case,
and In favor of the prosecution in said action
and because of said bias and prejudice and en
tirely influenced thereby the said Judge vriU
not and cannot accord to affiant a fair trial.
Affiant charges that said Judge is in league
with said prosecution to obtain a conviction
of affiant in the said action, at all hazards,
and in any event.
Attorney Coffey, special prosecutor, ob
jected to the affidavit being filed. He said
it was scurrilous, and such a proceeding
was not countenanced by any rule of law
known to him. Collins argued that the
Penal Code provided for just /such a pro
ceeding if the circumstances warranted it.
The Judge coincided with Collins and
ordered the affidavit to be filed. Then he
said the case would go on this afternoon
as previously fixed.
Then the Judge, after a moment's pause,
caused a sensation by saying:
"I will say that the affidavit filed hero
is absolutely and utterly false. It Is false,
not only morally speaking— not only is it
a plain, ordinary, everyday lie put In the
form of a sworn affidavit — but more than
that and worse than that, it is a piece of
cold-blooded, deliberate perjury on the
part of the affiant."
Collins said the affiant took exception to
that gratuitous remark on the part of the
"Very well," retorted the Judge, "and 1
will say to counsel that he need not Inter
rupt me again. I want no more flippancy
on his part. The allegations with refer
ence to the attitude of the court toward
the prosecution I will not dignify by a de
nial. It would be unworthy of myself and
inconsistent with my self-respect to con
descend to notice such infamously false
and indecent and slanderous accusations,
whether made in the form of a formal af
fidavit or otherwise. If there were any
way by which I could consistently ¦with
my sense of duty and consistently with
my self-respect acquiesce in the request
or desire of this defendant nothing would
give me more pleasure than to do It sim
ply and solely for this reason — that my
experience in two or three trials in which
I have already sat in cases of this gen
eral character is that the court is put to
a great deal of personal discomfort and
annoyance by them, and if I were a duty
shirker I would only be too glad to avail
myself of this or any other pretext that
would result in taking them out of my
department. I have already Indicated my
state of mind and feeling toward this de
fendant personally, even despite the riling
of this affidavit, in connection with which
I regard him as perhaps the unwitting
tool or instrument rather than the Insti
gator of the falsehoods with which It
teems."
When the Judge concluded his philippic
Collins said he was not prepared at that
time to prove the allegations set forth
in the affidavit.
The Judge retorted: "Isn't it because
you know they are lies and you cannot
prove them?"
This ended the proceedings In court.
Later Collins said he could prove the al
legations. He &aid:
"When the Jury In the case was out
Tuesday night I walked down town- with
the Judge. We were accompanied by Joe
Mohan, a clerk in Corbett's employment.
We talked about the case, and the Judge
remarked that he thought a con\-ictlon
should be had at all hazards and that he
would do all he could to secure one. Then
the Superior Court would pass on what
constituted a pool, and whatever Its ruling
might be he would follow it as he would
follow the polar star. \. hen we returned
to the City Hall the Jury asked to come
out, as it could not agree and wanted fur
ther instructions. Just before the Jury
was admitted to the courtroom the clerk
of the court spoke to the Judge, and he
left the bench and went to the office of
the Chief of Police. We had him shad
owed. When he returnea he instructed
the Jury to convict, as that was the only
thing to do. If they could not agree they
had violated the law. This he practically
reiterated when the jury came in for the
last time and disagreed."
Collins' statement was denied by the
Judge except admitting that a conversa
tion took place between them. What the
Judge said at that time was that he hoped
a conviction would be secured In one of
the cases soon, so that the question of
what constituted a pool could bo deter
mined by the Superior Court, and then he
would have to bow to the opinion of the
appellate court. He denied that he tried to
coerce the Jury, and said his instructions
were according to law. Collins had asked
him to give instructions that would have
confused the jury, and he refused to do so
It is expected that there will be sensa
tional developments when the case la
called this afternoon.
Angered at an Affidavit Filed Charg-
ing Him With. Bias and Pre
judice and Asking a
Change of Venue.
Cabaniss Springs Sensation
in the Crowley Pool-
Selling Case.
PASSED THE LIE
STRAIGHT FROM
BENCH TO BAR
THE SAN FRANCISCQ CALL, FRIDAY, AUGUST 31, 1900.
PACIFIC CAT CLUB EXHIBITION
BRINGS OUT HANDSOME FELINES
Defrauded an Innkeeper.
12
Swim at the Crystal Baths.
Recommended by physicians. Water always
clean and warm. Tub department best la city.*
DR.MCMJLTY. -,
rpiIIS WELL-KNOWN AND RELIABLE OLIH^
I 8pecialUt<rwrr»Blo<xJ Poison, OonorrbOBa.Gieew,
Wirictnro, >*(»mliml Weakness, Impotence »na t»e |r
nlliort D'.KOrtiera. Hook on Diseases of Mei>, "•«.
OverMfears'eiperlence. Terms reasonable. Hours,
9to3dally;«:30:o9.aD««v F gs. Sand.17s.lOto li Om.wl-
tationfreeandsacredlr confidential. Call oraddrea*
P. KOSOOR MfXCLTY. M- 1 ** .
SOU Kearny St., »an Francisco. CaX
We Are Selling
China
Crockery
G'asswaro
Silver Plated Ware
Agateware
Jardinieres, Lamps
Kitchen Ware
at
Away Down Prices
« COME JUST TO 8EE
Oood TJfiie and Place to Hay
Great Americaa ImportUis Tei Ci '
MONEY-SAVING STORES.
510-212 Grant Are. <Bet. Butter and Post).
861 Market St. lOpp. Powell).
IU Hayw sL W Third St.
1419 Polk St. 821 Montgomery Av»
1516 Mission St. 705 Larkln St.
ZOOS Sixteenth St. 1S19 Devlsadero St.
148 Ninth St. 4T5 Haight St.
.1008 FUlmore St. t2S5 Mission St.
£2 Market St. JT32 24th St.
OAKLAND STORES.
1033 TTaahlnBton St. glS E. 12th St.
1237 Broadway 11S5 23d Ave.
1510 Seventh St. . IKS Park St..
B St.. near 4th. San RafaeL
Prices lower than ever.
ADVERTISEMENTS^
A W§W ¦ - n Our' Men's Sult^Room
pilau i IjP^rVX/NJU I) } j ¦ ow w^ w ii nes s one of the biggest sales of
.fV'^'l/C'€ 1 1/ High-Class Clothing that it has ever been your
I llify A \ / 7 /\ii I I good fortune to attend.
JylW j, Y^*' \; \i I Bargains with a big "B" shall rule.
•hw^M *^^%j I ¦ • To=Day and To-Morrow
I'll 'ta^M ! P -oWlil "/I I ' Closes the sale of the best values ever given by our
llli ls^ ; *A\ i - \^^®L<«*fci/ ' I house. Suits that are actual values & mm' pv/v
<¦' V: JV P ( ll at $15.00. All colorings to select <^ £ T|| 1
f ll$M^\ Nm^m n\ from ' Thelastda y sat "" : ••• ' •^-Jvr
I'llw™^^ ** j^fiR!L ! I iuay ciiiu
1 1 :l[P%-^^Vv L^V^tT Jut I' 1 i£^\ e introducd sovie of the handsomest suits for fall
'lift. \O ! % L-jfil \Pili>'*^i§r an<^ w^ ntcr wear > tailored in 'the sinartest fashions.
\ r~- jd * fe§?^iil^^s?$' iW^ v-^SiP^ " The neW CltrllJ Weave Cheviots in blue and black,
r^^^^^^^^^^^S^^^0^^Wf the Pe VP er and Salt Mixtures 'and many other
i^'& r:^^^¦^')SW^S^^^^^R1^^f new fabrics. The price small, but the &&\ far f\
t\0^^f^^^^^^^0^^^^\ A feature of this csreat srde will be our True Blue
ft'^$i$Wfc^ '^' * Vi 7 —^^^^^] Serge in heavy weight, tailored, with that broad ex-
V '^i-$$$M '¦'% ' ~~1 WM^'^'i¥w Jw^MFIJ tended shoulder, also tho Wew IMmia Wool Worsteds,
liWwMnl— I IW^WKl^-WiVlM i1h UuGS and olachs < siv -^ or double breasted
W^^T^Mr^X^^^^WM'- .sty***: suits that haven't their equal «£ g g £\f\
iff Mjl|!i|i *P\^- !.i Special price for these: days at...... " ¦• *^A/
- r=^^y f l Corner Kearny Street and Union Square Avenue;
- ¦ •¦ f ¦ ' '¦¦'--'¦'. • •' - -
Great Specials for Boys
J «^ - tion for little
fe»^* tots, ages 4- to
" •J^'iC ~^® yearn.
Handsome
/ A !$!§*• -4- \ Sivlts ' the coat
(~4Mm x^) silk - faced,
\ W^IIKjSu-t^ an^ velvet c °i-
\ J?&2£}0^^] l° r , separate
s( \^^J double- or east-
ll \\ • /^ et^ vest °f ue
V4 Rj velvet cordtO"
1! \. joy ; there's
IIJ \\J value, moth-
l|i \i /Special,
I ill $2.Q&
W'Q'i? The swellest
;,"¦ Z^/^&Qsy^ °f Reefers, in
\M if e /\ t an/ an d Ox-
V^ ' 'LA f° r d meltons,
L f * iRfer 7 l0s t as I/ 0 ™ see
v ' e iy^ the drawing;
L -t a good winter
" *ffilk^W| garment ; eas-
.y y j ily worth $5.
'. _J \ x Special.
/»k >A great special
&j*4§ for hoys in,
ta <*» knee '[trouaer
Vt>/ suits, ages 8 to
/TWM^h 13 years, in
/ ll r : ll1\ handsome
/ J \\ ' llH'iv Cncc k { > strip's
I Jf "'^r ' '¦ ifrV/^) and p I ai ds ;
v ?f | . ili JmLJ also Blue
\ m fipf p Worsted Chc-
*==«'"*!/ .\*\ viols'; suits
'S$L I I I I tu6rth&6 to$8;
I h %** -made' of the
iJ V I celp.hr ate d
If/ A \1 Scotch , Ban-
\ Uj \ w nockbtvrnChe-
ea* hi viots; mothers,
§9 J§ these are
«H hR great values.
1 * -la' ral Spfcial,
I Special Silk
I Waist Offer
E2 One of the new fall styles; made
E3» of Peau de Sole, tucked and cord-
P% ed all over, and lined throughout
h in silk, blue turquolpe, white.
K purple and old rose shades. "Worth
ILMAGNIN&.CO.,
g IT" 840 Market St» v *
ADVERTISE2EEXTS.