SAN FRANCISCO, MONDAY^ AUGUST 20, 1900.
PRICE FIVE CE^STS.
VOLUME LXXXVIII— NO. 81.
, J ; IContinued t on! Second^ Page.*^ *
taln In two. A great mass of rock at th«
summit came down the steep face of the
cliff. As this occurred the mountain sim
ply fell apart. One stream was dammed
up partially by the. fallen rock, and It
turned , Into the newly formed canyon
through the mountain. Five miles of this
stream and two miles of the second tribu
tary of "the Stewart were left dry. A
number of miners were stamped!?** 1 -tr. i.*m
place to wash gold from the former bot
toms of the river.
Water Is , scarce, according to pawson
passengers, on some of the Klondike
creeks. Rain is needed all through th»
district and it is ventured that unless
the supply becomes more plentifu! b«for»
cold weather comes the summer's output"
will be no more than 30 per cent of wh**
it would otherwise be. Half the efaJm*
are . idle . on ¦ several creeks. El. n^rp.dlo.
has not water enough to run a good sluice
head and what there is is used 01 ;r anil
over. On Upper Bonanza the wat^r U
also small. Lower Bonanza, 1» ' better.
Work at Bonanza Hill has been almost
brought 'to a standstill. •• A scarcity alao
exists on Gold Run, Dominion and K-^-v
t. Arrives from the Stewart -River, -half
, way "do wn 1 the J Yukon , to Dawson, tell of
, the? peculiar ; result,the;recent earthquake
lhad'on a; mountain': there." vi The" mountain
iwas^covered^withjjarge bowlders, and,' in
fact* 'was •"composed I of i» great 'masses of
jagged rock.--- Two : branches. of i the Stew
art'fjowed' around \ it, one* on* either,' side,
;the ibelng;about J 1200 -feet* high.*
The earthauake simply split the 1 moun-
; Tho"-"eafthquake " of - the - 10th instant,
which shook Skaguay for- seventy sec
onds, the reports ; say, .was even \ more se
>-erelyifelt at.Dawson.*' AllUhe .way down
i the? river... the ' earthquake j was 3 apparent
and [at several places the shock- was par
tlcuarly. well . defined." ¦*: At • , Dawson two
small ' government buildings in the ¦ course
of s construction * were toppled . over.
VANCOUVER; B. C. Aug. 19.— A moun
tain'on the Stewart.- River was rent in
twain '.by the earthquake that shook the
Alaskan gold -country from Skaguay to
Dawson. % .That Is the /story .brought .into
the ; northern mining city -by.' prospectors,'
andthe tale. has been brought hence from
Dawsbir by. the' steamer Cutch. which ar
rived* here 'this afternoon ¦ from - Skaguay.
"I hold up the policy advocated In;the
Kansas City platform as a base and cow
ardly policy, to emphasize our right to
appeal to the countless thousands of high
minded - Democrats" who abhor i baseness
and cowardice ' and are quick to see and
disown them."
."You will see that here I most explicitly
draw: the line between the men. who sup
port and ask support for the Kansas City
platform and" all other citizens, '» whether
Democrats or Republicans. I feel that as
a : matter of fact the greatest possible
credit is due to men like you; my dear sir,
and to" the other, gold : Democrats" .who
four years ago and now stand for national
honor.
sponsors)" is a policy of Infamy; that
their triumph would mean misery so wide
spread that it is almost unthinkable and a
disgrace ho lasting that more than a'gen
eration wo'uld have to pass before it could
be wiped out. They stand for lawlessness
and disorder,' for dishonesty and dishonor,
for license and disaster at home and cow
ardly shrinking from duty abroad, v We
ask the' support of i air Americans who
have the welfare of the country at heart,
no matter what. their political affiliation
may have been in the past/" • ' ¦
.¦;.-In*;Admlral 4 Remey's', dispatch.' s, which
. contains, much ¦ interesting i information ' In
a few^words, ; .the startling feature is that
fighting iwithlnM the ' j. city % of (Peking; was
" continuing.*' ;.Th'e! inner.*; or - as .' It t is ponu-'
larly " known,! the '. "Forbidden - City.", £ evi
;dently *' had s not; been vtaken. i 'It^ ls»,sur-"
rounded :,by.a»masslveiwall;of solid:ma
' sonrv, ;• more than - twenty t feet •¦ hlgh.'^ and'
1 1 ; 1 a not • regarded i as i surprising : that ? the
Bombardment '< of Forbidden ¦ City".
fantry: and ¦ Rlley's - battery, entered the
city, as- shown ¦< by 'General Chaffee's dla
patch,";does not: indlcate K thaf.theTNlnth
Infantrj'. and .the .marines, who^ were so
conspicuously gallant throughout the ad
vance upon.tne capital: did not participate
In the engagement 'which:- resulted direct
ly i In: the ¦ rescue of • th>j besieged legation ;
ers.; It is pointed out as likely that.Gen
eral Chaffee,' acting < inL consonance 'i with"
the "other : commanders,^ divided his = force
: leaving ? the ! . Ninth -' In fantry - and » the : ma
rines • without 'the. walls of i the city, to act
as at rear; guard L to prevent the escape of
"he;' Chinese troops ¦-. by.' other -gates j than
those. through'which'the allies entered:_>r
for.;;some bother, "excellent -reason. Only
two ..battalions-- of 3 the -Regi
ment; are I with fGeneral ; Chaffee. - They
comprise about 800. men. .-This would, lndi-^
cate that ; only, about ' oue-third ; of . General
Chaffee's r force ¦ actualiy _«had? entered 'the
city /at '¦ the ¦ tlme/he sent' his dispatch.
ger- Empress ; is detained in the inner. city
by Prince ¦. Yungedo. ;¦. , ¦,. ¦¦' / -. • . •¦ :-, .
Advices received' .last night"- from .: the
Foreign ¦ Office at f . Tok1o,- ? , Japan, ,by * .the
Japanese legation- In* this "'City t confirms
and amplifies the previous accounts ofthe.
capture of Peking, by.the^allled^forces. rs % '
' ,The> President ¦ Is Pleased. " ', , '
The dispatch"; from General ;Chaffee: that
was ! "received ¦ during -the *' morning ?.\wa'a
transmitted 'immediately^ to Uhe^ President
at < the .White' House. ¦-. He Cexpressed > his
gratlflcatlpn'at the, news 'and particularly,
attthe small loss ; sustained : .by ; the Amerf
lean '.troops. '..-'' '¦:'¦¦'.. '¦¦¦¦¦ -. : , *Z*j ' ? - ' "X'
It wUl be Vn'oted that 'the'; dispatchers
dlcdtes 1 that; the] AmericanltrQops^entcred
jth'e | legation i grounds ; < at % 5 on* the*
evening .'¦ of '^^the 1 14th ;inst..'-?. By 'the? Wash
ington officials and tby^ several ; legation ' of
flcials'.to whom .lt',was(shownjthe'date of
General , Chaff ee's^conimunJcation/ is re
garded, as an error- of* iransmlsslon.*: It ?s
believed -that- the,.word • i "lath 1 .Vshould.-ibe
"leth.VvAH'prevlous^fldvices.'romclalJand
unofficial; » have), indicated ¦'* tha t > the * leg<»- '
tions '. were • relieved i on !: the ¦ evening : of • the"
loth.- "\ Jtednestlay; * after; aV* day f of .-sharp
fighting. vMlnister^Wu. 'the Chinese* rep
iresentativerand Minister /rakahira' of <th«?
Japanese ".lecationAwere .quite 'positive 'on'
' this fpoint.^alHthelr. pfticial advices^ being
' that *the 'entrance to Sthet city/ of *Pekins
!was ¦•¦.early.-- in -the fof
Wednesday," *the>:Bth*lnst,V*: , .;<, ,; , * ",.,. t
The fact • that ;¦ only ,: the Fourteenth* In- .
: ' TheTcablegram .'from ' Admiral ;.; Reriiey.
contains; some,: important, information inot
mentioned byGeneral ¦ Chaffee. , He makes
.the . startling ;satemontif on. Japanese au
thority,"'" that** the ' Inner "; city ; of £ Peking
was being:, bombard ed^by the. allied forces.'
Admiral . Reniey. says 'also 'that thVDow'a:'
The dispatch of the American com
mander was not long and contained but
few details, but the. .unconcealed satis
faction, with which j It - was ; received by
officials of- the administration indicated
clearly the. anxiety that had been engen
dered -by his. prolonged silence. .His last
communication to the; Government prior
to the . receipt of to-day's advices s was
dated ; August *11 • at • Ma tow,*; almost ¦ thirty
miles from/ Peking. The explanation: cf.
his- silence is * suggested .-. In .j advices re
ceived-by the .Navy - Department :to-day
from '"Admiral 'i Remey,' who, telegraphing
from Taku on; the 18th. says? the?tele
graph-line between that point and Peking
Is interrupted. ifoflMJHjffSgfeRiMfijgBtei
'•--: ¦¦;¦¦ ¦ >•':',-; w. \ ¦ <v* ' ¦
WASHINGTON. Aug. 19._Prom
General Chaffee to-day the War
Department received : official
confirmation of the fail of Pe-.
ting and the rescue of the be-
Eleged legatloners." * . •
NEW YORK, Aug. 19.— Governor Roose
velt at Oj-ster Bay, L. L, to-day save out
for publication a letter which he had writ
ten on August 9 to General John M
Palmer of Springfield. III., relating to
the Bt. Paul Fpeech made by the Gov
ernor, in which he had been . Quoted as
making derogatory remarks concerning
r^mocrats. Tb,e letter says, in part:
"I notice that in your recent very manly
Interview stating why you could not sup
port the Populist Democracy and the
Kansas City platform and nominees you
allude to a statement I was supposed to
have made, attacking Democrats gener
ally in my St. Paul epeech.
"You have evidently Been a report
tdiich was not merely garbled but falsi
fied. I Btand by this speech absolutely
and have nothing to explain 5n connection
•with it. but I do wirh to point out where
its meaning deliberately Inverted.
"In my ppeech I began by saying: 'We
epyeal not only to Republicans but to all
Ft citizens. who are American* in fact
"£s well as in name, to help us In re
electing President McKinley.' I ended by
paring: 'Study the Kansas City platform
and you cannot help realizing that their
policy "h« Dolicy cf its makers and
Writes to General Palmer in Explanation of
His Speech at St PauV Which Has
Been Freely Criticized %
ROOSEVELT SAYS HE
HAS BEEN MISQUOTED
Special Dispatch to The Call
High Promontory on the Stewart Is Split
by the Shock of August 10 and
Tumbles Into the River*
EARTHQUAKE RENDS
NORTHERN MOUNTAIN
. The allies are bombarding the ; forbidden city,; where -the Chinese are making a last stand, and 1
. fighting continues in the streets ht Peking. V. : . '. :' 7 :':¦;; :rf;S :'....:.
Prince Yung L,u, commander of : the • imperial' forces, Is holding the Empress Dowager as a pris
oner in the palace of the forbidden city;; :\,,^ ;' ;r V *! ' . • « : • - .
General Chaffee reports that only eight Americans were wounded in the storming of the Chinese
capital... ... :;.;.; ¦'.. '- " ¦¦¦¦•? -_¦¦¦¦ / ¦-:.;. . -.•;." ¦¦¦ • ., :,-\ -.
Germany is collecting a formidable force in the Orient to protect her interests.
President McKinley is considering the advisability of .proposing to the powers an international'
congress to settle the Chinese questions. : : • 7 V^ • ; ' ; : - "- \
ADMIRAL REMIY'S REPORT
SURPRISES WASHINGTON
GERMANY TO HAVE
FORMIDABLE FORCE
'IN THE FAR EAST
- WASHINGTON,-' Aug. 19.—Ger
many is collecting a formidable
force In the far east to provide pro
tection to her Interests there. Four
battleships, the pick of the German
navy, and one : protected cruiser
passed through * the Suez canal,
bound for the east, on July 27. An
other tiattleshlp la under orders to
proceed "to" China. Nine
men, with the usual number of offi
cers, "sailed from Germany a few
days' ago. Altogether 60,000. Ger
man troops are en route or under
orders J to proceed j to . China.
SUm/VYARV OF NEIA/S REGARDING CHINA;
ON THE, RUSSQrCHINESE FRONTIER.
Invasion ofthe'Amur^Provinees-bj^the'Chinese.
. j ': i . •. .FromiLe Petit Journal. '.''..' \
General Godkoff. Russian commander of
the Amur Government, reports to the.
Russian War Office that Chlngan Pass
was captured August 1G after a bloody
battle In which the Chinese suffered
heavily, losing four or five guns. The
Russian cavalry were In pursuit of the
enemy.
Emperor Nicholas has wired to General
Linvitz. commander of the .Russian
troops In the province of Pe. Chi LI. con
gratulating him heartily upon. the rapid
capture of Peking and bestowing upon
him the third class order of St. George.
The Russian Emperor also thanks Vice
Admiral AlexifT and the heroic Siberian
troops.
Express from Hongkong:, have issued an
Important proclamation regarding- the
capture of Peking as a just punishment
of reactionary officials and warning the
Chinese not to Interfere with foreigners,
but also pointing out that the sole obiect
of the powers should be the punishment
of the Boxers and the restoration of
peace, confining, however, their opera
tions to the north.
The mandarins in the southern prov
inces, according to a dispatch to the Daily
Another Fhanphal dispatch announces
the death of LI Ping Heng. Cheng and
Chanp Lu! L!n In the fighting before Pe
klr.jf.
Despite defeat the Chinese are appa
rently resol\-ed to make a desperate f-trug-
Fle not only In their sneient capitalbut
e!so In other parts of the empire. Chang
Chi Tvntr. Viceroy at Hankow, and Liu
JCun VI. Viceroy at Xankin. according to
e a vices from Shanghai, have threatened
the Consuls that If the person of the Em
prcfie Dowapor is not respected they will
irora their present friendly at
titude.
LONDON, Aug. 20.— Rear Adm'ral
S?ruce f » report of the fighting In Peking
ptzts a. more serious aspect on the Chines"*
situation than was generally expected
here. It appears effectually to dispose of
All statements that the Empress Dowager
he<3 fled, although circumstantial ac
counts cf her departure continue to come,
from Shanghai.
CHINESE WILL FIGHT FIERCELY.
DETAILS OF STORMING OF PEKING.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 19. — The Japanese Minister, Mr.
Takahira, late last night received the following advices
from the Japanese Foreign Office at Tokio:
"The Japanese Consul at Chefu wired under date of Au
gust 17 to the following effect: 'The foreign forces attacked on
the eastern side of Peking Wednesday morning. The enemy ob
stinately replied. In the evening the Japanese blew up the Chih
hwa grate and the Tung-chili gate of the Tartar City and suc
ceeded in enfering. In the meantime ; other foreign forces - en
tered the Chinese City by the Tung Pien gate. Detachments
were sent immediately to the legations and opened communica
tions. The Ministers and staffs were found safe. The Japanese
loss was over 100, including three officers, namely, Captain
Michilve and Lieutenant Watanabe wounded, while Lieutenant
Yazak was killed. The Chinese loss is computed at about 400/ "
Substantially the information contained in the above dis
patch was received in press dispatches yesterday direct from
Tokio. It contains the explicit and reassuring statement that the
Ministers and staff were found safe. It is more direct and com
plete in detail than the American advices thus far received.
Fighting Continues in the Streets of the Chi
nese Capital, hut There Is Assurance of the
Safety of the Ministers and Their Staffs.
ROME, Aug. 19. — A dispatch from Taku via Chefu, Au
gust 18, says: "Fighting continues in the streets of Pe
king and the allies have bombarded the point that is
still resisting. Prince Yung prevented the departure of the
Dowager Empress."
LONDON, Aug. 20, 4:20 a. m. — Rear Admiral Bruce
cables to the admiralty from Chefu August 19 as follows: "Am
informed on the authority of the Japanese that street fighting
still continues in Peking, a part of which is on fire. Yung Lu
prevented the Empress from leaving and a last stand is now being
made in the inner city, which is surrounded by the allies and be
dent has heard from Minister
Conrer and General Chaffee.
send a third representative to-
China who shall be charged with
the work of dealing speciallv with
larger questions involved in the
situation and in his work he will
have the assistance of Minister
Conger and Mr. Rockhill. Who
this representative shall be has
not yet been determined. Talks
which I have had with diplomats
here indicate that their govern
ments would be willing to join
and Baron von Sternberg, the
German Charge d'Affaires in
V. r as1:in:?ton, has been suggested
as the representative of Germany.
No final action in the matter will
probably be taken until the Presi-
busily employed in obtaining in
formation and in communicating
with high Chinese officials to give
time to them and that direct ne
gotiation among the powers is
likely to prove unsatisfactory
and give rise to complications
which might otherwise be avoid
ed.
The proposition is therefore to
the damages sustained by the
citizens and interests of the
United States preliminary to the
submission of a demand for rep
aration. The President recog
nizes that the duties which Min
ister Conger will be called upon
to perform will be so exacting
and arduous that it would be un
fair to ask him to take an addi
tional burden; that;Special Com
missioner Rockhill will be too
CALL HEADQUARTERS,
WELLINGTON HOTEL,
WASHINGTON, Aug. 19.
— President McKinley is consid
ering the advisability of. propos
ing to the powers the orghniza
tion of an international congress,
which shall sit in China and rec
ommend to the several govern
ments represented a permanent
solution of the pending ques
tions.
This proposition is a develop
ment of the previous one to send
a commission to China to assess
International Congress of
Powers to Settle China
Troubles,
PRESIDENT'S
NEW SCHEME
WASHINGTON, Aug. 19.— The Navy Department has received this cablegram : "CHEFU. Aug. 19— Bureau of Navigation, Washington : TAKU,'Aug, 18.— Telegraph
line to Peking interrupted. Information frcm Japanese sources that Empress Dowager detained by Prince Yungedo in inner city, which is being bombarded by allies.
Ghaffee reports he entered legation grounds evening of the 14th, Eight wounded during day's fighting. Otherwise all well, REMEY,"
. ¦ . . ¦ • ¦ ¦ . V ' • ¦ .. - - ¦ - ¦ . : ¦ . ¦ .
GUNS OF THE ALLIES HURLING SHOT AND SHELL
AT THE YELLOW FOE IN THE FORBIDDEN CITY
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.Ereqlal Dispatch to The Call.
SAN RAFAEL,' Aug." ID.— The' six
teenth Grand Council of the Young
• Men's Institute" will r convene in
this city to-morrow. The executive
committee from St. Raphael;.Coun
cil are leaving nothing undone* to make.
the meeting surpass, any previous Grand
Council meeting. The entertainment as
mapped out will occupy the afternoon
and evenings of the session; To-morrow
the delegates will commence to arrive
and they will be met at the trains by. the
reception committee 'and- escorted' to 'the
headquarters in Hall Rafael.
The session Monday will open up with
> MEMBERS OF THE COMMIT
* TEE WHO MADE THE AR
RANGEMENTS • FOR THE
' GRAND COUNCIL..
solemn high mass at 10:30 o'clock In St.
aphael's Church. Grand Chaplain Fath-
er Slattery will be the celebrant and
Father - J. . ,W: =..; Sullivan ;. will:, deliver the
m,tw" # mV h £ f f f erno °n -a reunion and
outingr will be held -at San Rafael Eark. i
... Tuesday evening a reception by the la
dies will beheld in Hall Rafael.
Wednesday afternoon there "will be a
reception at* College Rafael and in the
evening the grand ball will be held. W.
J. Eden will be floor director,
Thursday .evening the session will end
with a banquet. The following • is the
executive committee:' W. J. Eden (chair
man), J. T. Busten. J. D. Begley, James
F. Manney, A. E. Scott, M. F. Cochrane,
E. Conway, F. P. Grady.
GRAND COUNCIL OF YOUNG
MEN'S INSTITUTE AT SAN RAFAEL
Hon. R. M. White Declares That Eng
land Has Unlawfully Retained
Much of Alaska.
VANCOUVER, B. C. Aug. 19.— Hon.
Richard Mar.sfieM Wl,ite, explorer and
mine owner, son of Richard Grant White,
ihe ICew York scientist, has created a
en the coast by declaring that
the -whole of the Klondike. is American.
He first makes the point that the interna
tional boundary, where tbe Alaska dis
pute is now going on, cannot be less thin
len marine leagues from the sea. He also
contends as a result of this that the
whole Yukon Valley. Including Klon
dike, according to the mountain summit
scheme, ehould be pan of Alaska proper
and In the domain of the United States.
In an Interview Y»"hite says:
"The only range cf mountains the sum
mits of which extend la a direction paral
lel to the coast from the fifty-sixth de
gree cf north latitude to the point of in
tersection of the one hundred and forty
first degree of west lonsritude is .the
Rocky Molunta'ns and I think that no one
Till! dispute that they are a true summit
or divide, as no waters crops over them.
I3y making the Rocky Mountain divide or
furr.mit as the boundary the whole V"u
knn territory would belong to the United
States, and as our British neighbor?
wn to b« willing to adjust and to change
boundary lines I think that it would be
well to suggest that ihe whole question
of boundaries be thrown open for settle
ment and that we should take all that
part of Canada north of the United Stai3«
and west of the divide or the Rocky
Mountains, including the island's off th*
coast in the Pacific Ocean. This wouid
give the United State? not more than we
ere certainly entitled to. although for a
period of time we have allowed the Brit
ish to occupy it and to collect taxes
within it. The British themselves have
raised the Question of boundary and
have disturbed the peaceful rest which ex
isted by their encroachments. If they come
out of the contest with less territory than
they went in with thev will have tne con
solation of knowing that an immediate im
provement of the people will take place in
prosperity and happiness."
RICH COPPER LEDGE.
Valuable Strike Recorded in the Vi
cinity of Lake Bennett.
VANCOUVER, * B. C. Aug. 19— The
Fteamer Cutely arrived to-day from Skag
uay with forty passengers from Davrson
and less than $100,000 in gold dust aboard.
She also brought the news . that two
mounted policemen lost their lives by
drowning near Taglsh onthe 14th. They
were Corporal Johnson and Policeman
O'Brien. The men were out In a canoe
and a heavy wind was blowing. The cano°
is supposed to have capsized. The bodies
have not been recovered. The m^n wero
from Rpgina, N. W. T., and on their way
to Dan-son.
A new copper ledge seven feet wide jrnd
traceable for a considerable distance has
been found near Lake Bennett. No assay
has been made, but besides ¦ carrying: a
h'.ph percentage of copper the ore is rioli
in gold and silver. A smelter is to b*
erected at Cariboo Crossing for the treat
ment of local and White HOrse ores.
Work has been besun on an immense
steel cantilever bridge at Switchback
Gorge on the White Pass Railway, be
tween Skaguay and the summit.
Great numbers of steam thawing ma
chines are going into Dawson. Plants of
from five to fifteen horsepower have beea
found inadequate and now others of from
twenty-five to one hundred and twenty
horsepower are being taken in to displace
the smaller ones.
All of the .Klondike, as. Well, Is
Claimed as Territory of This
Country*
AMERICA OWNS THE
YUKON VALLEY
£= Artists 1 :; *-and '.architects' ¦ materials,
sketching ;:. : outfits,*, pyrography '; machines
and J drawing "- Blue prints
and^traclngs made. Sanborn.'Vail & Co:,
741 Market street. . •
Artists' Materials.
Knife and Two Japs.
.Two ' Japanese, ; Schiro '_ ? Tsurusakl and
George Furula," : got into "an : altercation : at
317 Mission i streetx last I' nighty and' Schiro
received* three, ugly, stab • wounds :• In*, tha
back.^ ¦••" He i was ; taken '¦ • to :, the Receiving
Hospital. ¦ Furuia : was arrested . and a
charge /of '<; attempt f to commit murder
placed- against) him.'; :
v;Offlcer8 King^ and Shore on Informa
tion -, furnished |. them ' by "John Gibbon, j re
siding Jat f 1102 Kansas street; :•¦;' arrested
Thomas McNamee on the charge of grand
larceny, yesterday.;. Gibbon- alleged ¦ tb«t
his horse, was taken. from its barn durin"
Saturday night, a A' search having been In
stituted -for >the animal, it was : found ; on
the. premises of 'John- McNamee. - who, it
was stated,- had purchased it for $3 from
hisbrother. ¦.•-.. . - ;
Charged .With Horse Stealing.
NEW-YORK. Aug. 19.— On board the French
liner r La -Lorraine. from Havre, was H. Okl,
chief t engineer of ; construction of ' the Japanese
navy. ' He has . been in . France overseeing . the
building- of the; Japanese cruiser Azuma at St.
Kazalre and is on his way to Japan.
ST. LOUIS., Aug. 19.— Plans for the resump
tion of work on the,World'» Fair fund of $5,000,-
OCO, which has been vpxatlonsly Interrupted, are
under 'daily, consideration by Chairman : D.'f R.'
Francis and- William H.> Thompson of , the two
principal 'committees." Mr. Francis expect* ; to
sail | for | Paris about September 15 . and hopes to
have things in such shape by that time that tho
fund will be pretty, complete. . . t
KANSAS CITY. Aug.' 19— It is said to be the
intention . of = some of : the - Western roads ¦ to
make a raise in the present rate on soft coals
on-the strength; of the claim , that Eastern
roads have determined to make an advance of
10 l>er cent:". | .' • <, . .
SAN JOSE, Aug. 19.— Fire destroyed two
barns containing 750, tons of hay, : the property
of Ohrlstman Bros.; on Eleventh street, at' an
early hour, this morning. Loss $$000; Insurance
$5000; cause of fire unknown.
TELEGRAPHIC BREVITIES.
CHICAGO, Aug. 19.— J. p. Bester. aren
eral superintendent of the Chicago, Bur
lington and Quincy Railroad, was Injured
to-day by an explosion of escaping gas
In the company's office building, caused
by a lighted match. Mr. Bester was w
verely burned, but was able to po to his
home In a carriage, where his burns on
the hands and face were treated.
Burned by Exploding Oas.
MUNCIE,';ind.V Aug. '19.— A report from
the 1 recent 1 long conference of : the'Repub
lic Iron and Steel Company and the Amal
gamated Association at :' Detroit, : In? dis
cussing the work of the meeting," says
that ' the'tcompany held ' out^ for an 8 per
cent reduction,-:. while the demands s of the
workmen .were • for ; an advance ! of . -10 1 per
cent. The officers of '.the 1 association
agreedv.to /call a;. vote of "the 'lodges
throughout j the country^ on a; proposition
to alteriaicharter f from- the v federation
until , the national » body •: holds "» Its annual
convention,- which will take place in De
troit, on, Labor day. .
- The ' locals of the engineers and : firemen
Tiave already; made application I to ' the na
tional; unions -oft their respective trades
which" are j affiliated ; with t the ; federation
for. a charter. The * three organizations
have . a ' membership of ; 2500 to • 3000.-^ Pro
tests . have ; been s made ' against i the ¦ grant
ing ; of the charters » of : the ; engineers and
firmen s [ organizations > by the local ¦ unions
of the same trades!, which are already In
the federation. 5 •¦ • -
1 -. -. "•¦-:. : -."- -•¦»•! -^ . -: ." •¦'-¦
Strikes : . in - Porto". Rico.
• NEW • YORK, Aug.' ; 19.— The - Social
Democratic party .'received a' letter j to-day
f rom s Al win I HushIer/4 secretary * -of * thV
Federation - Libre,! a* central ¦ labor \ body of
San . Juan.i Porto Rico, asking for; aid on
behalf of a: number, of I strike leaders iwho
were J arrested i there.** iThe v letter % stated
tnat **. t ne j-j cigarmakers.'v painters.** carpen
ters and bricklayers were on strike in San
J uan t and the ~i strike : was ; < beginning \ to
spread : over,- the * whole i island.V- In - all.'
twenty strike leaders were arrested; % -v j
Association ; Officers Will • Call for a
, Vote of Lodges on " Question.
STEEL WORKEBS' WAGES
tions at Shanghai should; become such as
to endanger American lives and property.
United States troops -will not be -landed.
"This Government," said a high official
of the administration this afternoon,
"claims and will exorcise the right to land
troops alone'or in concert; with the other
powers, at any "point in' China 'where
American lives or American interests may
be : in' danger. Since the 'United States
claims this 'right for herself, she 'could
not deny it to others nor question-tho
right of Great Britain to land forces in
Shanghai to protect British interests. If
the . conditions should become : such that
American interests could only, be'"ade
quately projected by" the presence -of
American troops, they would doubtless be
landed; but the United States would not
join with the other nations in .landing
a force at Shanghai simply because Great
Britain had seen fit to do so. The same
statement applies to the situation at Nlu
chwang. While the -United^ States will
avoid getting into any complications at
Shanghai, the officials of the administra
tion recognize that the conditions there
are. such as seriously to e'ndanger the con
tinued harmonious action of. the powers.
This Government will not. by any. act.
indicate that Great Bri tuln is suspected
of any motive other than that of affording
protection to foreign interests in landing
troops, but "if is plain that some of the
others powers suspect her. of plans to ac
quire either territory or predominating in
fluence in the Yangtse .Valley, or so pre
tend, in order to justify . themselves in
earrylng out territorial ?-. designs which
they may have elsewhere, in China-"
No; news was received- at. the State or
Navy Departments to-day throwing any
light on the Shanghai situation. The
New Orleans. Princeton and Castine are
at 'Shanghai, and naval officers say that
the number of -vessels there will probably
be kept at three to show the foreign Gov
?» rnn ?S nts : that the United States, though
It will not land troops. Is ¦ not indifferent
to events at Shanghai. The ¦ authorities
understand that the French 'will land a
strong force of troops Immediately and
that the Germans will disembark several
regiments , next month. 4 .- So far as ; known
here, Japan will npt land troops, nor is
Russia likely 'to 'do- so.,-- ' -: ;-
Special Dispatch to The Call. V -
WASHINGTON, Aug. 19.--Unless condi-
NO YANKEE TROOPS &:.:
TO LAND AT SHANGHAI
PRETORIA. Aug. 1?.— Lord Roberts has
issued a proclamation reciting the fact
that many Boers have broken the oath to
maintain neutrality and that the leniency
extended to the burghers is not appre
ciated, and warns all who break their
oaths In the future that they will be pun
ifhed by death, imprisonment or fine. He
declares that all burghers in the districts
occupied by the British except those who
take the cath will be regarded as prisoners
of war and trar.Fported, and that the
buildings on farms where the enemy or
his scouts are harbored will be liable to
be razed.
The case for the defense in the trial of
Lieutenant Cor<!ua of the Staats Artillery,
charped with being concerned in the plot
to kidnap I^ord Roberts, was concluded
To-day. Lieutenant Cordua's counsel ad
mitted that- the accused v.8s gui5ty. of
breaking his parole nnd nf attemnt'nV ?«
plan a ccnsnlracy. but he asserted that
the attempt was a failure.' Counsel a.&o
maintained^ thatjGano .suggested . the -en-.
tire plot and egged on the prisoner. On
these grounds he asked the court to find
that the charges had not been proved and
begged its mercy for his client.
CJano, who. is said to be of American
birth, denied having suggested the plot.
Counsel for the prosecution will sum up
August 20.
I^brd Roberts has confirmed the award
of the Queen's scarf to Trooper Chad
wick of Roberts' Horse, chosen iiy troop
prs as most distinguished for bravery,
Chadwlck Is an American. He? was one
of the boat's crew who cut the cable at
Santiago (Cicnfuegos). The Queen gav?
four scarfs to be awarded for bravery,
one each for representatives of colonial
troopers from Australia, New Zealand.
Canada and Africa. Africa's scarf will
therefore go to. the United States.
CAPE' TOWN. Aug. 2O.-General De
wet's demand for the surrender of the
nritish force at Commandonek is consid
ered as a ¦ pretense for . the purpose of
Raining information. Finding. that Com
mandonek was strongly garrisoned. De
wet resumed his march northward, shad
o\vad.bX-.GeneraJ Badtyi-Ppwell. - - . - -
ANARCHISTS PROMISED
TO KILL THE PRESIDENT
Letter Written to Humbert's Slayer the Evi
... dence ..-Against the j New York
Suspects. .• -3
•'>«j». . . ."...:¦'. ¦ ' - , • . ¦ V.--
day with the rest of the detained immi
grants. They. spent the morning in the
detention pen and were taken back in the
afternoon. •
The men, as far as appearance went,
were no more guarded than are the other
prisoners in detention. They walked
about the pen. but had very llttffe to say
to their companions.
Whether, the Government authorities
will have .a special court of inquiry for
the anarchists remains to be seen.' It
was suggested by an official ' to-day that
there may be a special board of investiga
tion.
It, Is understood that the Government
officials at Washington are waiting for
evidence from the Consul at Naples,
which is to be gathered by the Italian
police.
1/5NDON. Aug. 19.— The Rome corre
spondent of the Daily Mail nays:
"Tne arrest of Maresca and Guida in
New York arose out of some letter re
ceived .at Bresci's lodging subsequent to
the assassination of King Humbert. One
of these, dated New York July 15 «nd
signed 'Mabor,* urged Bresci to commit
the crime, urfeinc that Maresca and Guida
would- do their duty toward President
McKlnley. Maresca Is known to the
Italian police as a most rampant an
archist."
NEW YORK. Aug. 19.— Michael Guida
«.nd JKIatelo Maresca. the Italians arrested
bv secret service men on the steamship
Kaiser WilHelm II, were brought over
from Kllis Island to the barge office to-
ADMIRAL REMEY'S REP3RT
SURPRISES WASHINGTON
Continued from First Page.
Chinese should make their final stand
there. Prior to the receipt of the dispatch
It was accepted generally as a fact that
the Dowager Empress, in company with
the Emperor and a large suite, had left
Pt-king. While nothing is said in Admiral
Remey's advices as to the whereabouts
«>f the Emperor, it is deemed scarcely
probable that he left the city without the
Empress Dowager.
Some doubt. of the accuracy of the in
formation received by Admiral Remey is
expressed, particularly *as the Chinese
Minister. Mr. Wu. is very positive that
the Emperor, Empress Dowager and the
entire Chinese court left Peking beforo
the arrival at -the gates of the allies. Min
ister Wu said to-day that he had offltial
advices to the effect that the Emperor
find Empress Dowager had gone from Pe
king to the province of Shensi. a consid
erable distance west of the capital city. He
had not been advised as to what city they
had gone, but said it was probable their
destination was the capital of Shensi
province. The- Minister believed they
were .entirely. out'Of danger. The state
ment that the Dowager Empress was de
tained by Prince Yungedo, therefore, gave
him little concern; although he expressed
some Interest tn it. He said there was
no Chinese Prince Yungedo. It is not a
Chinese name. It might be, the Minister
thought, a Japanese name, but person
ally he knew -of no such person.
Young Lu the Empress' Jailer.
At the Japanese legation the dispatch
cf Admiral Remey was read with the
deepest Interest. There, too. it was said
that Yungedo was not a Chinese name.
No Japanese official of % that, name was
known to the legation attaches. - Their
solution of the question Is that the .name 1
ehould be Yung Lu. He Is the command
er In chief of the Chinese imperial troops
and is said > to have strong pro-foreign
Inclinations and sympathies. No'conjec
ture was offered as to the reason for the
detention of: the Dowager Empress by
him.: Among Washington officials it is
regarded as hardly likely that the Em
press , Dowager is being detained by any
Chinese officials. If ebe be- !n: Peking at ;
this time she Is there- probably.of. her awn
f-crord ¦0bVflfiMSiHa)(9BUMj0IM|
While no surprise was evinced at - the
6tat«nent of Admiral Remey- that the
Inner city*- was « being " bombarded:, eome
concern was" expressed Test th« final stand
of the Chinese troops . within wjiat they '
POSITION OF THE
NEWLY DISCOVERED
COMET ESTABLISHED
GENEVA, . N. Y., Aug. 19— An
observation made last night* by Dr.
Brooks gave the following position
in the northern heavens of the lat
est discovered comet: ,\
Right ascension, 4 hours 12 min
utes; declination, north 79 , de
grees 21 minutes. It is now in
Camcleopardis and is moving
through that constellation to
ward Drace. On August 22 the
comet will be only about seven de
grees . from Polaris (the north
star) and below that star.
ENGINEER FALLS
AGAINST DYNAMO
E. W. McCurdy Meets Instant Death
• in the; Electric "Light -Works
at San Diego.!'
Special Dispatch to The CallA . ; : . ; * ;;,
SAN DIEGO, Aug. 19.-E. W. McCurdy.
the assistant "engineer at the, ¦ electric
light works, was killed this' morning be
tween Land .2 .o'clockv^in a [manner that
at present sis unknown,': but probably by
failing against' tho dynamo in such a man
ner as to receive the shock, of 7500 'volts
of-electricity. .*•• -•*..- .«!'¦<¦,-¦:. f-:-~
- At-a;iittle-aftex,:2 o'clock-Mr. LeraOn,
who Is on the night shift at the'gas works
near by. noticed that the machinery at
the electric light plant was running rap
idly, buf that the city lights were out.
The moon had made- its appearance an
libur before and the electric light plant
should have.' been closed down at that
time. He hurried over to the -electric
plant and found McCurdy lying on the
Moor dead, the dynamo which ¦ supplied
the power for the city lights burning. and
the engine running at accelerated spoed.
lie telephoned for Superintendent Clark
and shut down'the engine. ..When the su
perintendent arrived they made an inves
tigation, reaching the conclusion thatiMc-
Curday had stumbled upon the dynamo
and had been thrown by the force of- the
shock against the engine, displacing the
governing belt. ' ;'
McCurdy's body was still warm.
The hands were badly burned,' showing
that they had come in contact-: with the
poles on the dynamo. The body, was lying
about twenty feet from the dynamo,, but
his hat was near the machine/showing
that it was thore= thirtS he had received
the .shock. The throwing off of the gov
erning belt had allowed the engine to run
wild and tho increased speed had burned
out the dynamo. The material loss to
the company will be close to* $6000 .and
the city will be without street lights -for
four or five days, or until a new arma
ture can be secured from San Francisco.
McCurday.-who was a native' of Iowa,
came to the electric light company from
National City, where he was the engineer
for the citric acid factory. He leaves a
wife, but no children. An inquest - will
be held to-morrow morning. iSEgiSIP
ALLIES WELCOMED : ;
BY THE CHINESE
Special Cable to The Call and New York Her
aid. Copyright, 1900, by the Herald Pub
llshinE Company.*.
t CANTON, Aug. 19.— Native papers -say
that tho allies were welcomed in Peking
and assisted in the entrance by the Chi
nese^troops. An official proclamation* by
the Provincial Magistrates i acknowledges
that itis just retribution for the wrongful
acts of high statesmen and the people, are
cautioned to protect foreigners, r.r
RUSSIA ACQUIRES
CHINESE TERRITORY
LONDON, Aug. i 20.— General Grodekoff ,
says the St. Petersburg correspondent -of
the Times, telegraphs .a remarkable fact
which must '- be : taken as a premonitory
notice of what is probably to follow. ."The
Russians ¦ have now • conquered •> the right
bank of the Amur,' which is therefore no
longer the frontier, but an internal river
of the Russian empire.,,' :"-
CHAFFEE'S DISPATCH u'
IS MADE .PUBLIC
WASHINGTON, Aug. 19.— The i War(De
partment has received Uhe followingj dls
patch^ -¦'.•-.; ¦".¦•-¦'^. : ~. ¦¦' .-'.. .¦••• : ';¦¦:":. '-¦¦ . .
"CHEFU; Aug. 19.— PEKING, Aug.
We entered legation grounds at 5 o'clock
last night with Fourteenth and light bat
tery. Eight wounded during day r s fight
ing. Otherwise all; well. CHAFFEE."-.
NIT7CHWANG CAPTURE ;
IS. CONFIRMED
BRUSSELS. Aug.. 19.— TheV; Belgian
Foreign „ OfBce i has";received ) the \ following
from^Tientsln: via/ Chef u i'and 'Shanghai
August 18: VM.Ketels; Belgian.Vice Con
buI,. confirms f the -report of the bombard
ment and capture of c Nluch wang by - the
Russians." ; -v- 1 "'>.-.;¦
INFANTRY BOUND : .^;, C;.
'-. FOR THE ORIENT
'J- Cl^INNATI^ug^W^The Third .Bat
talion* of /the Second I Regiment ! Infantry/
625 i- 'officers ]} and .« meii;i will l £ leaveXl Fort
.Thomas to-morrow for. San • Francisco • via
Chicagp,"*-, Colonel, jlCorlls»5' comraanding.-
Fromean Francisco they, wiirsait;for the
Orient; probably China. .
regard as most sacred precincts should
prove a serious affair. Peking comprises
possibly four cities in one. In extent of
area it Is about the size of New York
City. The four segments: of it are the
Chinese city, the Tartar city, the Impe
rial city and the Forbidden city. The iast
Is the "inner city." mentioned In Remfy's
oispatch. and is the residence of the Em
peror and is the seat of the imperial
court. Nobody is allowed within its mas
sive walls except by special permission
of the Emperor or Empress Dowager.
The Imperial city is occupied only by the
highest Chinese officials and members and
attaches of the Imperial court.
SENATORS OPPOSE THE
PARTITION OF CHINA
Special Dieratch to The CalL
" NEW YORK. Aug. 19.-Now that the
safety of the legations in China has been
assured, shall the United States withdraw
its force or maintain an army oil foreign
coil ? Shall the United States consent to
the dismemberment of China?
• These questions were asked In telegrams
addressed by the New York Herald to
members of the United States Senate.
That there is a diversity of opinion on the
subject Is shown by the replies, about two'
columns of which will be printed in the
Herald to-morrow morning. ; The ¦ Senators
are divided as to whether the troops
ehould be withdrawn now, but agree in
their opposition i to partition, declaring,
however, against going to war to prevent
1L«
HONOB BESTOWED ON;
MONSIEUR PICHON
PARIS, Aug. 19.— The French Govern
ment " has * received , from several sources
confirmation of <the fall* of Peking 'and -of
the safety: of the foreign legations. . The
order: of commander of . the Legion" of
Honor has been bestowed upon M. Pichon
French Minister to China, To-dav m'
Deleasse. the Foreign ' Minister, visited M
ficnon s mother r in Paris, announced - to
her the safety , of her son and handed to
her.the decoration for him. < '
_ m ¦ ' ' ¦
GEEMANY'S EXPORT
: v X ? r OF} WAB^ : MATERIAL'
. BERLIN. Aug. 19.— Germany's exports
of war material to.Chlna",last'year;aggre
'fct^ofi 8 ' 150 ' 000 mari ">. % aa against '3,430,000
xor XoVo.
• WASHINGTON. Aug. .". 19.-Sergeant
•|Buck" :¦ Taylor, .42 ; years old, • known as
"King; of the. Cowboys," a dashing cav
alryman and \ one of ,the ' best known of
the rough riders, died at Providence Hos-
Pltal, to-day -of consumption, 1 the result
of - illness . contracted : during the - Cuban
campaign. , Taylor's ; correct name Is said
to have been Berry . F. * Tatura. He ¦ was
5 6 '.? on : °* ' a ' former ' ' well-to-do ' merchant
of Montgomery, 'fAla, ',-;
Sergeant Buck "Taylor.
DURBAN. Aug. 19.-Slr William Stokes,
surgeon in ordinary to the Queen in Ire
land and consulting surpeon to the Brit
ish: forces in South Africa, died here to
day, aged 61 years.
Sir William Stokes.
BOSTON, Aug. 19.— George Cabot Lodge,
son of Senator Henry- Cabot Lodge, and
Miss Matilda Frelinghausen Davis.
daughter of Judge John Davis of the
Court of Claims, of * Washington, were
married at the Church of the Advent in
this city .yesterday." ,
*£?H? T VI V L S; Ky i AUK " »-Tw> nesrw-8
oied m Louisville to-day from heat. : The maxi
mum was 98.' •
&he pay's &ead
Davis -Lodge Wedding.
LINCOLN. Nebr.. Aug. 19.— General
James B. Weaver of Iowa arrived here
to-day on ' his way to Kansas,^ where he
will make several speeches. He visited
Mr. Bryan at the latter's residence this
afternoon and they discussed the cam
paign at length. General Weaver ex
pressed himself -as much encouraged re
garding the outlook.'
Mr. Bryan attended church in the morn-
Ing and went driving in the afternoon.
TO SPEAK FOR BRYAN.
Only Members of Family and Fall-
Bearers Present at Interment.
ATCHISON. Kans.. Aug. 19.— Funeral
services over the body of ex-Senator
Ingalls were held this afternoon at Trin
ity Episcopal Church and . subsequently
Interment was made in the family vault
In Mount Vernon Cemetery.- Owing to
the request. of- the family for privacy, a
request made in accordance with the ex
pressed wish of Mfs. Ingal s. there was
no great throng at the services. The llt-
Ue church was filled with friends of the
family and a few were obliged. to stand.
The exercises were very simple. Cho
pin's funeral march was^ played as i the
coffin was borne Into the church, the Epis
copal service was read and a vested choir
of ¦ thirtv men and boys sang From
Every Stormy Wind That Blows" and
"Nearer. My God* to Thee."
The officiating clergyman announced
that the" interment" would be strictly pri
vate and only members of the family and
the pallbearers, young men. sons of old
friends of the dead ex-Senator, went to
the cemetery. "A special train came In
from Topeka at noon, bringing ex-Sen
ator Peffer, who succeeded Senator
Ingalls -Judge W. A. Johnston of the Su
preme Court: A. A. Goddard; Attorney
General, and others, . who attended -• the
services in the church.
The officiating clergyman was Rev.
John E. Sulger of Terre Haute, Ind., who
also preached the funeral sermon over
Senator Voorhees of Indiana. Ingalls' fa
mous political antagonist.
Judge A. G. Otis, a close business and
personal associate of- Mr. Ingalls. esti
mates the - ex-Senator's fortune at $250.
000. • -. - .
*
INGALLS' FUNERAL.
'KANSAS CITY, Aug. 19.— Two-thirds of
Kansas west of the three easternmost
tiers of counties ' is experiencing one of
the most severe . droughts in the history
of the State and the opinion is that the
Kansas corn crop will be the. smallest in
¦proportion to Its. requirements for feed
ing that has been raised In many years.
In 1899 there were 225.000.000 bushels.
Secretary Coburn's report of conditions
in August indicated a yield this year of
about 145,000,000. Since then there have
been two weeks of hot weather which
has further materially reduced conditions
and the most liberal estimates of well
Informed men on 'change do not exceed
100 000,000 bushels, while many place the
crop at not over 75.000.000 bushels. The
Plowing for winter wheat is delayed by
the dry condition of the soil. Pastures
are dry and stock water in many cisterns
is scarce. - _••
# Corn Crop Will Be Very-
Short Indeed.
Indications at Present Are That the
LARGE PART OF KANSAS
IS DROUGHT STRICKEN
about to leave the Knights* of Labor and
attach themselves to the* American Fed
eration of Labor. The three are those of
the Letter-Carrierg, Stationary Engineers
ad Firemen.
The Letter-Carriers' local body has no
tified the National Union of its Intention.
but will defer its, application for the
scale. This will be done f.'is week. The
Indications are that It will be a month
at least before the dozen mills owned by
this company in Indiana and vicinity ara
at work.
NEW YORK, Aug. 19.— Three of the
largest local a—™ v 'les In this city are
THREE BODIES LEAVE
KNIGHTS OF LABOR
ject of Trusts and Def ends
Imperialism.
NEW YORK. Aug. 19.— The Republican
campaign textbook Issued at the begin
ning: of each Presidential campaign by tha
Republican National Campaign Commit
tee has been completed and sample copiet
have arrived at national . headquarters.
The topics discussed In the book are na
tional prosperity and - Its effect on the
business elements, the manufacturers, the
farmers and the worklngmen, the cur
rency question, the subject of trusts, con
ditions in Cuba. Porto Rico and the Phil
ippines. The latter part of the book is
devoted to a defense of the "im
perialism." ' -":: ¦¦-¦
Deals With National Prosperity, Sub-
REPUBLICAN CAMPAIGN
TEXT BOOK IS ISSUED
Declares That ASI Who Break Their Oaths "Will
Be Punished by Death or Sm=
prlsonment.
ROBERTS ISSUES FINAL
WARNING TO BURGHERS
Captain Collins A. Burnham, While
, Intoxicated, Attacks His Son t
-and Is Killed.
LINCOLN,;- Nebr., Aug. 19.— James N.
Burnham,' publisher of -.the.' ."Wymorean at
Wymore, Nebr., shot and killed his father,
Captain . Collins A. Burnham. at their
home to-day.- A, Coroner's-' Jury immedi
ately, exonerated the son.. :. .;¦
Both' father and son were prominent
political workers in .the county : in which
they reside. The killing, was in self-de
fense. The son .gave himself up to the
officers. /
Captain Burnham was a captain in the
Civil .War. and was • uncontrollable when
intoxicated.- Many- times 'he. had threat
ened to kill all the-membersof his fam T
ily. This morning the father came home
nnd made e-= assault upon his son. Tho
father used a butcherknife and after get
ting his son into a corner was in the act
of plunging the knife into his body. When
there was no other alternative the son
drew a revolver and fired. a shot, which
went through Captain Burnham's heart,
killing him Instantly.
Jaquelin the Winner.
PARIS. Aug. 19.— At the Pare de Prin
cess, Auteuil, to-day, Lake and Gomper
competed In the bicycle championship
contests. Lake, who was the scratch man
in' the ,1500 meter, amateur handicap, was
beaten in the ' trial heat by Vorytouba,
with a handicap of forty meters, by a
wheel's length. Time, 2:01. -Tho final was
won by Brusoni, Italian. Time, 2:05^4.
/The llnal for the title of championship,
three turns around the track, was won
by Jaquelin. Time not given. There were
six starters in the final for the 100-kilo
meter championship, which was 1 won by
Huret, Taylore being second. Time not
given. .
m '¦ *•
Shah Not Attacked
PARIS, Aug. • 19.— Dispatches ,- from Os
tend assert that there is no" foundation' for
the report published by the Echo de Paris
and the ' Siecle , this morning that ah at
tempt had been made upon the life of the>
Shah; of Persia.
Sugar Production of Germany.
BERLIN, Aug. 19. — Germany ; produced
1,550,000 tons of raw sugar during the
twelve months "ending July 31, as against
1,620,000 - tons for tne -" previous twelve
months. .-:•;¦¦- . . . . - .
UMCO.NDITIOML :
SURRENDER, OF
PJI.NJI.MJ1 REBELS
COLON Colombia, Aug. 19.-
General Alban, civil governor and
military commander of the Depart
partment of Panama, telegraphs
that -he- has received a dispatch
from Cocorro announcing the abso
lute surrender of the . rebel forces
under Vargas Santos, Focion Soto
and Uribe at San Vicente. General
Uribe escaped to Barranca.
SHOOTS FATHER
• IN SELF-DEFENSE
ROME, Aug.. 19.-To-day. being the feast
of St. ; Joachim, the Pope's patron saint,
there* was a'large- gathering at the Vati
can of cardinals, bishops and presidents
of societies.- The Pope, who was in ex
cellent health and spirits, spoke at ..some
length regarding matters of" Catholic -In
terest and then with a complimentary in
troduction invited Archbishop Ireland to
address the assembly on matters In Amer
ica and relations of the outer world to the
holy see. '.•-.. - .
• Archbishop* Ireland who was frequently
applauded, during his- speech of- twenty
minutes, spoke "glowingly of the fidelity
of American Catholics to the Roman
Church and the. holy see. _ He described
liberty under the : American flagand set
forth the necessity of the Pope, as the
head of Christendom being-free and in
dependent to any one civil power, "so as
to-be, in fact; as well . as of right.- the
sovereign teacher and ruler of all nations
and without dependency on any
special nation." .*:,--" ... >u
'The ¦ address • gave visible, satisfaction.'
Monseignor Ireland had a -final audience
with the Pope on Sunday. He left. Rome
this evening. - \ ¦' )v--^
Pope Leo Observes Feast of His Pat
• ron Saint and Archbishop Ire
.' land Speaks of Fidel- ¦ ¦¦.'.,¦,
,._.:¦ '¦'¦':¦ -/ . ity of Catholics.
CELEBRATION
I AT THE VATICAN
Baron Fava. in the full uniform of his
diplomatic rank and wearing the decora
tion conferred on him by King Humbert
shortly before his death, stood at the
main entrance of the church and directed
the distinguished arrivals. He was as
sisted by Marquis Romano and the mili
tary attaches of the Embassy. Among
the arrivals was the Chinese . Minister.
Wu Ting Fang, in bright Oriental silks
and scarlet turban, accompanied by sev
eral of the members of his staff. The
Spanish Minister, In full diplomatic uni
form of black and gold, followed soon
after and was given a seat with the
Chinese reprssentative. Back of them sat
the Japanese Minister, his handsome uni
form set off by a vivid green sash across
Ncted Men Present.
Immediately In front of the chancel rail
stood the catalfalque, .a counterpart of
that in which the dead monarch was re
cently laid to rest in Rome. Over it was
thrown a heavy black pall, edged with
white, and on top was a great garland of
laurels and gala leaves, tied with flow
ing ribbons of red, white and green, the
colors of Italy. At the head and foot of
the casket tall candelabra burned and
the morning sun, coming through the
chancel window, fell athwart this somber
memorial. A superb ¦> wreath of purple
asters and roses, sent by the British Em
bassy, rested alongside the casket.
The church had been decorated elabo
rately for the occasion. Around the
sanctuary and on all sides rose a mass of
palms and foliage plants, while the beau
tiful white marbl* altar stood out from
a nest of palms.
¦WASHINGTON, Aug.; 19.— Amid scenes
of impressive solemnity, and in the pres
ence of the President of the' United
States, members of the Cabinet, officers
of the; army and navy, the Embassadors,
Ministers of foreign countries and a great
concourse of people from civil life, me
morial services for the late King Hum
bert of Italy were held- af St. Matthew's
Catholic Church at 11 o'clock to-day. The
announcement; of 'the services; was made
by the Italian' Embassador, Baron Fava.
and with the co-operation of the State
Department the event was given a dis
tinctly official character. . The foreign
representatives were in full . diplomatic
uniform, and these, with - the ¦ brilliant
uniforms of the British, German, Aus
trian and other military attaches -and of
the - American generals and admirals,
gave- a touch of brilliant , coloring to the
solemn pageantry. <
Just at 11 o'clock President McKinley
and the members of his Cabinet arrived
at the church. Baron Fava j stepped for
ward and received the President, escort
ing him to a seat Immediately In front
of the catafalque, walkiw? down the mid
dle aisle. With the President were Sec
retary Hitchcock. • Postmaster General
Smith, Acting Secretary of State Adee
and the President's secretary. Mr. Cor
telyou. As the party took their seats
strains of the orjran floated through the
edifice and the black and white robed
acolytes led the procession of priesta to
the altar. It had been expected that Car
dinal Gibbons would officiate, but his atv
sence in the South prevented his betns
present. The celebrant of the mass was
Rev. Father Barth. assisted by Rev.
Father Lee as deacon and Rev. Father
Kervlck as sub-deacon.
Father Chantell of Georgetown TXn! r
versity was also in the sanctuary. The
service consisted of high mass, the usual
sermon bfing omitted. At the close of
the mass the priests put aside their white
vestments for those of black, and de
scending from the sanctuary moved about
the casket, sprinkling it with holy water,
praying for the repose of the soul of the
dead King and chanting the "RequiescaL
tn Pace." - ¦* r.. x .,!_ ¦¦ .
At the close of the service the Presi
dential party withdrew, followed by the
deputies and military officers. Many of
those present remained in the church to
view the catafalque and to carry away a
leaf or bud as a memento of the cere
mony.
Services at St. Matthew's.
his breast and a sweeping white plume
on his chapeau. Germany was repre
sented by Baron Speck von Sternberg.
German Charg-e d'Affaires, accompanied
by the German military and naval at
taches in uniform; France by M. Thie
baut. Charge d' Affaires, and M. Boeufve;
Great Britain by. Minister Lowther and
Captain Bradley of the —British Royal
Navy; Russia by II. Routhkowski, while
the other countries of Europe. South. and
Central America .were represented by
their several Ministers and Secretaries.
Across the aisle from the diplomat)*
corps the news were reserved for distin
guished American officers and civil offi
cials, and amonjf those present were Ad
mirals Melville. Endicott and Terry.- Brig
adier Generals John M. Wilson. Ludlng
ton and "Weston, the staff officers of Lieu
tenant General MHea and scores of lesser
officials. The Italian societies and asso
ciations were given seats at the side of
the church near the altar. The rear of
the church was opened to the general pub
lic and was filled to overflowing at an
early hour, v? : « '> *
President ..McKinley and Foreign
Diplomats Attend eC Memorial
. " Seryice at Washington.
Priests Offer j Prayers at a Casket
-Resembling That in Which the
Body of the Monarch Lay.
GATHER TO HONOR
ITALY'S DEAD KING
TllE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, MONDAY, AUGUST 20, 1900;
2
OUR REMOVABLE BRIDGE WORK 13
beautiful and durable. Warranted 10 yeari
Our $5 Plates fit like a glove. *¦ ea M * ear »-
Our method for painless extracting i* patent w*
and used by no jother dentist on th« Paclfla
Coast. . . ,<
PRICE tIST FOA 3O DAYS tL
Painless KxtracUon 22L-
Removable Bridgework ....... ..;.-; .. " "ih Oo
Amalgam ,......'.... ........;.... V.V.T OOo
• Mrs. Dr. R. U Walsh will attend to the "chil-
dren's teeth— painlessly.
DR. R.L. WALSH.
K«i GEARTs STREET, between Hyd« ' and
Larkid. Telephone Polk 1133.
Country Houses, Hotels, Plata
and Cottages Furnished *¦
.Complete.
CREDIT IF DESIRED.
BRILUANT'S,
338-340-342 POST ST.,
Open Evenings. Near Powell.
Free Delivery Within 300 Miles.
PAINLESS DENTISTRY I
_jm± No Plates Required. J&J
MISCELLANEOUS.Knights Templar are?"
In the funeral pageant the various bodies
marched in the following order: Platoon
of police: Colonel "Whltton and Lieutenant
Colonel Hays of the Fifth Regiment; First
Ivegiment band; Fifth Regiment, N. G. C.
under arms; California Commandery;
California Lodge No.- 1: band of the bat
tleship Iowa; Golden Gate Commandery,
escorting the caisson bearing the body;
Colonel Duboce's horse, with boots re
versed In the stirrups, led behind the cais
son; relatives in carriages; officers of the
First California Volunteers; men of the
First California Volunteers and First
Regiment, N. G. C, with' side arms; vet-
erans of the National Guard; Lieutenant
Governor Neff and staff: General Dickin
son and staff; General "Warfleld and staff,
and the Supervisors In carriages. A long
line of private conveyances followed.
From thePavilion to the point where the
procession left Van JCess avenue the
streets were lined with people, in some
places gathered in throngs.
At the Presidio an immense crowd gath
ered to witness the Interment. The Ma
sonic burial rites were observed, a filing
squad from the Fifth Regiment fired, three
volleys over the grave, a bugler sounded
taps and the body of Colonel Duboce was
consigned to the grave.
BEATEN TO DEATH.
NEW YORK. Aug. 19.-Catherins
Scharef . aeed 22. was beaten to death
'with a hammer in her rooms on the sec
ond floor of 674 Second avenue some tlm8
between 7 p. m. and midnight Saturday,
the body not being found until early this
morning. Her brother made the discov
ery when he came home after midnight.
The woman's body lay face downward.
Near by on the floor was a bloody ham
mer, and the rooms had been ransacked
of everything of value. It Is the opinion
of the police that a thief entered the
house and was surprised in his work by
the woman and that he killed her to
prevent identification.
GEORGETOWN, Ky., Aug. 19.-Caleb
Powers Issued a statement to the publlo
to-night In which he says:
"That one of the greatest Judicial farces
known to history has been enacted here In
my trial, under the forms of law, no well
Informed man can doubt. Innocence is no
shield with $100,000 and the methods ot
Caropbelllsm against you. The rectitude
of one's past life counts for naught They
say Taylor Is guilty because he was at
his ofHce, and that I am guilty because
i I was away from mine. This has been
a political trial throughout for political
purposes, and no greater mistake has been
made by the Democratic party since they
robbed us of the offices to which we 'were
fairly elected by the people. From tho
beginning of the campaign until now I
have stood with what little of merit I
have had for the rights and liberties of
the people. That Is my crime. This is
the only offense I have committed. That
Is the only thing they have proven
against me. I swore to that myself In
testimony. I have never had, and I now
have, no apology to make for being true
to the trust Imposed upon me by a major
ity of the voters of this State. History
will draw Its dark lines around those who
have outraged me and disgraced the ju
diciary and blackened the history of the i
State."
The case of Henry Youtsey will be
called to-morrow, but as the defendant
has not fully recovered It Is not certain
whether the case will go to trial. As
much \t not more difficulty is expected
In securing a jury as In the Powers case,
as nearly everybody tn the county became
disqualified by hearing evidence in the
Powers trial. It Is probable that Judge
Cantrell will summon a venire from the
adjoining counties.
Declares That Kentucky Judiciary
Has Been Disgraced and That
He Was Not Proved
Guilty. ; .
ATTACKS THE EVIDENCE
Denounces His Trial at
Georgetown as a
Farce.
Issues a Statement
to the Pub
lic.
POWERS
POSES AS
MARTYR
plumed troopers of the National Guard
stood at attention around the casket.
General Barnes' Oration.
General Barnes delivered the funeral
oration. He spoke as follows:
"I address these survivors of four
wars, and already we hear echoes from
across the Pacific of the beginning of a,
contest whose end no man can foretell and'
the results of which may have most im
portant and enduring effect- upon the
destiny of the nation.: . : . -
"Who shall say that this is not a fight
ing nation? From Concord and Lexington
and Cambridge to the final great contest
at Yorktown, from Perry's victory to New
Orleans, from Vera Cruz to the City of
Mexico, in the Civil War, in Cuba and in
the Philippines, there have laid down their
lives for pure- love of country, not
actuated by personal ambitions or driven
by imperial edicts, more men than there
are to-day inhabitants of any proud city
of our land. This is indeed a fighting
nation.
"We are here ' to bid a last farewell to
one brave American who gave his life,
for he gave it as surely as If he had laid
It down under the heat of the torrid
equatorial sun. Duboce rodo with Smith
at the head of the regiment. You remem
ber when they embarked and they bore
the flag that was given them that sunny
afternoon on the slopes of the Presidio.
It came home without a stain on it save
that of battle. Do you remember how we
greeted them on their home-coming, with
love and hope on every face as they
fought their way through the crowd? No
human being who saw those two events
will ever forget them.
"Out frlend-Tvent out with hla command
nnd came back with It. The germs of
disease had weakened his frame, and his
eve was already growing dimmer, yet
brighter, let us hope, as he neared the
eternal life.
"Death Is not an enemy. We pray to
be delivered from him: we stand over our
dead with fcears and sobs; we turn away,
and life seems black and hopeless. But
death is not an enemy. Death is a friend
on whose breast we deposit our cares. We
stretch out our arms, and when we' are
enfolded in his there is no more storm or
tempest, no more pitiless sun, but every
where hope and blessing. Let us not
mourn him so much as to thank God for
thN brave California boy who fought
through the Philippine campaign and who
came back to receive high civic honors,
and around whose bier more friends have
gathered than millions and the wealth of
the continent could have purchased. Of
him it can be said that he lived like a
man. fought like a soldier and died like a
saint." _
March to the Cemetery.
H. D. Loveland, generalissimo of Golden
Gate Commandery, spoke for. his order.
He said in closing: '->:/ -
"Gazing on that casket draped In the
flag he loved and for which he died may
we not , hope that . his awakening ¦ may be
in the presence of him whose soldiers
Largest Ax Factory Burns.
. Alexandria; ind., Aug. 19.— The en^
tire plant of the Kelly. Ax Manufacturing
Company, valued ; at 1800 ,00O,\ was destroy
ed by fire. It was the largest ax factory
In the :' world, employing 900 men r, when
running 'full force. :T V '-'* : ¦/
Ully Sweeney, bedmaker in a lodging
house at 27 Minna street, was arrested
yesterday afternoon on a charge of grand
larceny. She is accused by Joseph Skelly
one of the roomers, of stealing fl5 from
his room.
Grand Larceny Charged.
We can please the moet fastidious with
the many new styles of moldings, in their
varieties of widths, shapes and finishes to
harmonls* with all styles and tones of
pictures. Sanborn, Vail & Co., 741 Market*
/ ' Picture Framing a Fine Art.
Dr. C. C. O'Donnell in Congress Prom
tlie Fourth.
lie will be the right man In the right
place .°.nd rhould be supported by all
voters. Irrespective of party. He is a
great orator. •
HELMSMAN DID NOT \
UNDERSTAND ORDER
; PARIS. Aug. 19.— The ; board : of : inquiry
which investigated ;the cause of the loss
of < the * torpedo-boat - destroyer Framee;
which: was* sunk^ in . a-.collislon with 1 the
battleship? Brennus ; on 'the '., night ; of -*Au-*
gust • 11' -durinci the "- maneuvers " : of '-the
French "squadron,*; commanded ,.by ;Vlce
Admiral •¦ Fourier;; /off • £ Cape ',"¦. St. . Vin
cent; V officially T reports fc that . the j disaster
¦was due to a : misunderstanding ¦ of an or
der on the part of the Framee'shelmsman/
who : turned \ the destroyer, In . the : direction
opposite ~ to • the I instruction * of « her : com
mander.'; Captain Mandult ' du ', Piessis. ;
WASHINGTON. Aug. 19.— With cheer?
for Cuba, the United States. President
McKinley and their hosts, the people ol
the District of Columbia, the fourteen
hundred Cuban school teachers left the
city at 1 o'clock this afternoon for New
York. After spending the greater por
tion of the week there and in Philadelphia
the entire party will embark on transport*
for Havana. .
The visitors were tired out thoroughly
by their experiences of Saturday and^n-
Joyed a good r«st last night. To-day their
programme was a short one. After, an
earfy breakfast most of them attendee
a «olemn requiem mass at at. Patricks
Church. After church they returned to the
hotels, where they were grouped in squad3
and taken to the Capitol, arriving there
about 10 o'clock, . ¦'¦-¦
The building was thrown open to the
visitors and a detachment of guards was
en hand to escort them. They were
shown throuch the Senate and House
chambers, the Statuary Hall, the rotunda
and the Supreme Court chamber, and
then ushered to the west front and afford
ed a view of the city and the "Washington
monument. . - . ;
Coming back to their hotels they re
mained for a short while, and then, board-
Ing the electric cars, went to the railway
station, where special trains awaited to
carry the party to New York. A large
number of Washington people were at tno
depot to see the visitors off.
Spend a Quiet Day in the
Capital City and Depart
Cheering ior McKinley.
CUBAN TEACHERS
LEAVE WASHINGTON
Twenty- Five Thousand Dol
lars Mysteriously Taken
by Unknown Robber. .
CHICAGO. Aug. 19.— Somewhere be
tween Chicago and Burlington, Iowa, an
express package, supposed to contain $25,
000. is alleged to have gone astray.
The. Commercial National Bank of -, this
city sent the package to the Burlington
agent of the Chicago. Burlington an-3
Quincy Railroad • a few days ago and
orders concerning Its disposition were
given from the . Burlington headquartera
in this city.
The money. was sent by the Adams Ex
press . Company. . When the money was
expressed from, the Chicago bank it was
wrapped In the usual. way In which money
is transmitted. In'due course of time the
Burlington Agent of the railroad 'received
a' similar package, but it contained"noth
ing but brown paper. The wrapper coni
taining the worthless paper was returned
to Chicago and the bank officials are cer
tain It is not the, one sent out by them.
Representatives of. the corporations In
terested in the matter spent a busy day
to-day investigating the mystery of , the
missing package and laying plans for thv
arrest of ; the robber— If : the money was
stolen . between Chicago and " Burlington. ",
BIG SUM STOLEN
FROM A TRAIN
Efforts < to Ext inguish the
Fire at the Primrose
Have Failed.
MAHONT CITY, , Pa., . Aug. 19.— After
many hours jot* desperate v battling with
deadly white ; damp one of the successive
rescuing parties succeeded to-day In' re"
covering the bodies of George and William
Thompklss ; and Charles ? Iritis;, who ..were
entombed yesterday, in the burning. Prim
rose colliery. The bodies were found near
the middle jof. the tunnel. They were lying
in a;heap.\'. : , , -. ...
. The sixty mules which were in the mine
when if was found j to be -on .fire are also
dead* and were raised to the . surf ace to
day. The fire is still burning; fiercely and
the mine officials, are bending every effort
to extinguish: the -flames. ,
BODIES OF TWO
MINERS FOUND
Sunday visitors a.t the beach are being
regularly entertained, A week ago yes
terday a school of whales enjoyed a snout-
Ing contest off the Cliff House, and yes
terday the migration of water fowl at
tracted the attention 01 those near the
eea. From sunrise to sunset a long black
line of flying birds— a line apparently with
out end— eklmmed the breakers. This
long, black line, the hoary-headed proph
ets cay, betokens an early and severe win
ter. It was a line of water fowl migrating
to the warmth of the temperate zone, and
In time to escape the frigid blasts of the
north and prepare a new home In which to
8 wait the coming of another spring.
Countless millions passed on their long:
Journey, and those who dwell near the
Ivaeh say that it will be many days yet
,\^iovf the rear guard has passed below
• the horizon to the 6outn.
No accidents occurred yesterday at the
p:irk or beach, though the crowds were
much larger than usual. Thousands lis
tened to the music In the park and many
thousands more gathered at the beach.
Oh4tea and baths. At the Chutes the
'rowd was entertained by a varied and
Interesting bill. The usual swimming con
tcsta were the features at Sutro Baths.
Following are the results:
KiM;-y*.r<J dach. Juvenile— C. Agler. first; J.
Jiiinna. nc-cond. I'nder-wau-r ewlmrnlnfr— H.
6<-rb!i<-h. rim: A. Dixon. second. Diving for
T.lait<?»— A. Dixon. first prize; E>. O'Brien, sec
ond irrizr; S. Hamr-ay. third prize. Hljjh dlv
ir.r-ri. A*ler, first prijje; 6. Ryan, second
prlz?. One hundred yar<3 da*h. amateur— 1{
gc-bach. first: T. Ti'olf, second. Springboard
divine— r>. O'BrU-n. nm prize; 8. Crawford
eecond priz*.
WATER FOWL ENTERTAIN
CROWDS AT THE BEACH
The floral pieces were grouped In front
of the stage. A large American flag In
red and white carnations and blue corn
flowers, with the stars of tube-roses, and
a staff of violets, was the offering of the
Supervisors, a ribbon suspended from the
staff and caught up with a cluster of
orchids, bore the words, "A city's tribute
of sorrow." The First California Infan
try sent a shield; General Dickinson and
staff, a vase; acting Mayor Tobin, a
wreath; the Red Cross Society, an em
blem in red carnations; Golden Gate
Commandery, a Knights Templar em
blem: Phoenix Club, an emblem; General
Henry W. Lawton Camp No. 1, Bpanlsh
War Veterans, a gate ajar.
Many other wreaths and bouquets were
cent as the offerings of individuals.
Seated on the platform were H. P.
T'mbsen, who, as Worthy Master of Cali
fornia Lodge, conducted the services: H.
D. Loveland, generalissimo of Golden
Gate Commandery. of "which commandery
Colonel Duboce was a. member; H. M.
Owens and John R. Aitken. acting senior
and junior wardens, and General \VY H.
L. Barnes.
Colonel Charles H. Murphy of General
Dickinson's staff and of Golden Gate
Commandery had direct charge of the
funeral arrangements. Raymond H. WH
cox. marshal of California Lodge, attend
ed to seating the various bodies In the
Pavilion.
After the opening address of the Ma
sonic ritual, read by Worthy Master Umh
sen, a Masonic quartet, composed of Ben
Clark. Alfred Wilkie. J. C. Hughes and
John R. Jones, snrg "Nearer. My God, to
Thee." After further reading the quartet
sang "Consolation." The worthy master,
with the assistance of the lodge, conferred
the grand honors upon the deceased, after
which the quartet sang "Go to Thy Rest
in Peace." The officers of the lodge
gathered around the casket and the lamb
skin apron and sprigs of acacia' were de
posited upon it. The officers conferred the
grand honors and the quartet sang "Fare
well."
¦ Throughout the service" four yellow-
?
THE funeral of Colonel Victor T>. Du
boce yesterday was a tribute to his
memory from the entire city. Sel
dom, if ever, has San Francisco
witnessed so erand and' so Impressive a
demonstration.
The flags of the whole city were at half
mast. Soldiery and civic and fraternal
societies and thousands of the fellow
townsmen of the de'eeased united In the
last sad rites. The memory' of the soldier
hero, the trusted citizen, the beloved
brother, was honored by a funeral service
and a pageant such as are seldom ac
corded even to brave men and beloved
citizens. ¦¦y : -
The funeral wa* both Masonic and mil
itary. Soldiere of Colonel Duboce's old
command followed the body, borne on a
gun-caisson, to the sunny-sloped ceme
tery at the Presidio, where the Interment
took place. Three volleys were rired over
the grave and the sweet, sad notes of
taps brought tears to the eyes of the
thousands who stood silently around with
uncovered heads.
Services at the Pavilion.
And yet the funeral was much more
than military. The services In Mechanics'
Pavilion and at the grave were In charge
ot California Lodge Ko. 1, Free and Ac
cepted Masons. Two commanderies of
Knights Templar, in resplendent uni
forms, participated. The highest officers
of the State and of the city were present
in their official capacity. Ten thousand
people at tho Pavilion and the cemetery
paid tribute to the Free Masonry and the
Knight-errantry of noble manhood.
The body was escorted from the First
Regiment armory at Page and Gough
streets to Mechanics' Pavilion by the First
Infantry. N. G. C, with side arms only,
and was followed by the relatives In car
riages. Golden Gate Commandery Xo. IS
and California Commandery No. \,
Knights Templar, had already taken
their positions in the sections to the left
of the catafalque, where the casket was
to rest. At the entrance to the pavilion
the casket was lifted from the caisson
and delivered to California Lodge No. L
F. and A. M. Troop A of the National
Guard had been detailed to aid In holding
the crowd In check in the Pavilion.
The casket was borne to the catafalque
In front of the platform that had been
erected in the west end of th« Pavilion.
California- Lodge followed It, and after
the Masons the soldiers entered the hall,
and then the doors were thrown open to
the public. In an Incredibly short time
the throng filled the Pavilion until all th<j
seats were occupied and many were com
pelled to stand.
California Ixsdge was seated to the
ripht and Golden Gate Commandery to the
left, facing each other and with the
casket, honorary pallbearers and relatives
between them. California Commandery
occupied the section back of Golden Gate
Commandery. *tfid back of them sat the
members of the Board of Supervisors.
Many Distinguished Mourners.
To the rear of California Lodge were
seated Major General Dickinson and
staff, Brig-adier General Warfleld and
Ftaff and the officers of the naval militia.
To their right sat Lieutenant Governor
XefT and Adjutant General Seamans and
staff. The center of the pavilion was oc
cupied by the First Regiment and the
Fifth Regiment. N. G. C.
The honorary pallbearers 'represented
various bodies*, as follows: California
Lodge No. 1. F. and A. M., Frank Dal
ton and G. E. Dow; California Chapter,
Harry Baer, H. J. Owens: Golden Gate
Commandery, K. T., Charles L. Field.
George D. Clark: Governor's staff —
Lieutenant Colonel J. R Howell, Lieu
tenant Colonel Herbert Choyn.sk! : divi
sion staff. N. G. C— Colonel William D.
McCarthy, Lieutenant Colonel J. J.
Dwyer; Second Brigade staff. N. G. C—
Lieutenant Colonel J. F. Burgin. Lieuten
ant Colonel J. F. Hanson: Veteran Guard
— George R. Sanderson. Major George \V.
Reid: to represent the family— Colonel
George Burdick. C. S. Benedict; Super
visors—Major Boxton and Richard To
bln; Senator George C. Perkins. Con
gressman Julius Kahn. J. C. Campbell.
The active pallbearers were sergeants
from the First Regiment. N. G. C, as fol
lows: \V. F. Kays, Company A; Charles
Lindecker. Company B: B. J. O'Nell,
Company D; A.T. Roche, Company H;
C. A. Son, Company I; Bernard Clancy,
Company L: William Maher and J. H.
Prideaux. Company M.
Proceedings in the Courts for a
Separation Are Instituted by
His First "Wife in
Chicago.
TOLEDO, Ohio, Aug. 19.— The Rev. C.
O. Brown, whese sensational church trial
etirred San Francisco a 'few years ago,
is la the city ¦with Mrs. Brown number
two. His first wife quietly petitioned for
divorce In Chicago about two months ago.
Tho style of the case was Mary Brown
vs. Cliarles Brown, and the grounds for
separation were alleged cruelty. Just after
the case came up for cjudlcatlon, how
ever, the pleadings were so changed that
they read. "Mary Brown vs. Charles O.
Brown," ud the charge was changed
from cruelty to adultery-
The divorce was granted, and the Rev.
Mr. Brown on August 6 married Mrs.
JJary Malloy, a weaJthy and well-known
lady. Crown came here a few days ago
to attend the annual reunion of the Third
Ohio Cavalry, of which he was a member.
Tbe couple arc stopping a.t the Jefferson
Hotel, and will return to Chicago In a
few days. He has given up the ministry,
for the present at least. So quietly was
the divorce secured and the second mar
riage performed that it was never made
public until the visit to this city.
The divorce and remarriage of Dr.
Brown will nowhere cause more surprise
than in San Francisco, where both him
self and his wife were well known. The
Hnrwns had a preat many friends on both
n<>s of the bay. and when the scandal
trost and all his acquaintances fell away
from the disgraced minister the couragre
with which bis wife helped him face his
dotraoterp and her unf.inchlng support of
him was responsible larrely for a certain
revulsion of fe^oling- !n his favor. JCo sus
picion was ever felt by any one that
knew the Erowns that they were drifting
cpart. and tho news of the rupture of
their marital relation* will form a basis
for a nreat deal of comment.
COURTS ARE CRITICIZED
BY THE REV. W. E. DUGAN
Tlie Well-Known Pastor Forcibly
States They Are a Befuge
fcr Criminals.
Iicv. 'tv. E. Dufjan. pastor of the Stew
art Memorial Urlted Presbyterian Church,
is of the opinion that the courts of thi3
city are a refuge for criminals. He
preached an a.ble sermon last night, in
¦which he severely criticized the courts.
In part he paid:
Albert Holt, whotras convicted of the mur
der of Mary Clute some two year* ago, is to
havf a. new trial. So the supreme wisdom of
the courts decides, because it is said that the
Judpe who originally tried the case wont too
far in giving: his charge to the Jury and com
mented upon the nature of circumstantial evi
dence. This is another* instance among a mul
titude of the pa»t that our courts have become
a r« f usf for criminals instead of halls ol Jus
tice to brim? the guilty to punishment.
There are #0 many hi dine places In the law
that the chances of escape for the basest crim
inal ere ETcatly in his favor. And If he is
brought tn Justice it is after years of delay,
when the public has forgotten about the crime
and the effects that punishment of the crim
inal at the proper time would have on the
yublic raind are all lost. We do not believe la
" ::.ob law, yet. mob law is preferable to our
trc-iwrit abuses of Justice. According to our
jirwent system there is euch an array of armed
technicalities that Justice has a desperate fljrlu
to pain entrance to the court room, where she
1? sunoosed to sit enthroned and sway the
ftceptfr of eternal right. Such things only tend
to make crime popular and offer a prize for
wrongdoing.
These d»-lays an1 new trials advertise our
courts r.s fortified cities of refuge for the
villain. Crime Js on the increase and we feel
Justified in saying that that increase is due in
r.art to the present abuses of Justice In our
courts because of the ereat protection Riven
to the criminal. Oh Ood. has our courts become
• slimy den of darkness for the hiding place
of blear-eyed. Woody, thirsty crime, a den so
Intricate In its windings that Justice, with the
litrht of heaven, cannot ferret our gigantic in
iquity.
ABANDONS MINISTRY.
Former San Francisco
Clergyman in a
Hew Role.
Wife Number Two
Is a Wealthy
Woman.
DR. BROWN
WEDS AFTER
A DIVORCE
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, MONDAY, AUGUST 2O, 19OO.
Fraternal, UMitaay and Civic Bodies
Uaike M Foeeral Rites.
Thousands of Citizens Gather at
Pavilion and Cemetery.
WHOLE CITY PAYS ITS MEED OF TRIBUTE
TO MEMORY OF BRAVE COLONEL DUBOCE
3
COLONEL DTJBOCE'S BODY LAID TO BEST WITH DISTINGUISHED HONORS.
fi^li When our Remodeling Sa!e ends we will be in- B'^ll
HiSxH terested in selling you new fall goods at regular WgM
H^-'S P r ' ces - Until then our spring and summer suits are StM
H:;'iH going at half prices. The sale will end soon— K&'-B
B^l don't put off buying too long. Isn't it policy to feii
S'-^S save half on your clothing bill? At our prices you B5&B
gI'i : H can afford two suits, instead of one. * ffl : #m
BNi R ea dy=Made Suits Fancy Hose 1-fl
|lji*' ;: 'fi Good all-wool cheviots, desirable pat- Here's the biggest hose bargain we fl'/pp]
fj|;;;Vii|] terns, sold once for $12. 50; price now ever had. Seamless balbriggan, fast- §§Lv*fn
. j||£" : %ii" ${) g5 colored, fancy hose; all colors in new 'H:,;''Bj
lPi!' : "'" f ' : El * stripes; some around, some up and S^; : !§ij
Pr^lS Fancy cheviots, cood material, pleas- down. They run from quiet colors to |1 :".•'."§
||;;Vj:|| ing patterns, worth $15.00; while they what is termed "very loud." They look H^f.E
Hj'"';^IlI * aS * ''^ e 5 Oc h° se » but we will sell them for 11 {!*'.' §1
Ilr < V'"isi rvm _* - ~. . Notice the display of these hose in Sh'*'''!!!
m/M fiade=tO=Oraer SllltS cur Geary-street windows. W-^W
Previous to this sale we were selling _ «« . . il«£**I§i
Ir'^ii some $ l 3SO and $15.00 suits, which ill •'•''•PI
I&'H WCre Uking WeU 3t theSS P rices \ Now Garner's percale shirts/ in the verv HSrVH
WJ-'M y ° U Ca " get thC VCry Sam? SU ' tS latest desi § ns ' J ust a"i v ed; worth |8:>;;||
ltv'*il $10.00 $1.00 and $1.25; sale price Bj'i^Sl
tl'.^li Youtns suits i| , . ir-^*ia
|j|r.^:'|H OJJs and ends in size^; and patterns, *dto
Eh,';/: is all sizes repre ented, but not in anvene Soft and stiff hats in the prevailing If ''"'fji
Hr*'"'!! pattern; worth $7. 53, $8. '00 and $9.00, colors and popular shapes — hats that Iv.|ffl
Pl'V^li now reduced to * some stores sell for $1.50; our price ||3 •'"•'• fl
mMM 71S Market Street. l^fiPrinting:, engra^lngy die-sinking, stamp
ing and embossing done In our stationery
department. New - presses, fine papers
and everything first class and at moderate
prices.' Sanborn. Vail & Co., 741 Market. •
Printing' and Engraving.
Cut rates on citizenship have already been estab
lished in Hawaii. Judge Estee has reduced the fee on
naturalization to $2 50, and. the market, it is said, is
booming.
Special Information supplied dally to
business , houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 610 Mont
gomery st. Telephone Main 1042. •
Townsehd's California glace fruits. 50c
a; pound In fire-etched boxes or Jap bas
kets. 633 Market street. . Palace Hotel. •
"Ma says, how much will you charge to
w f?4£ a >bltuar y on the death of my dad?"
Three dollars an Inch," replied the
editor, gruffly.
¦=r£ he i ness ? nBer , departed ' bu * «n a "ttle
"nile he returned and said:
¦ "Ma says dad wuz six-foot two inches,
but he wuzn*t wuth three dollars!"—At
lanta Constitution.
DIDN'T FILL THE BILL.
,The theater owes a great deal to th*
Shakespearean drama.'-.said the girl with
shfn dark slasses and th e Pensive exprea
''Yes: 1 answered the youne man with
wide ears; "some of the best burlesques I
11% JSZtW- ;°n .'Hamler and •ltomeo
ana Juliet. — Washington Star.
BURLESQUE'S OPPORTUNITY.
Even more important than the benefits to the city'
are those which will accrue to the State at large by
this glorious demonstration of what has been achieved;
by California in the fifty years of her history as a" State;
in the Union. The more splendid'the celebration the
wider will be. the publication (given to it in the East,
and the keener, the. attention paid, Vo it by- the people.
It will advertise California's wealth, resources, "enter-
prise and patriotic public spirit in a striking way .and
; attract the minds of capitalists and home-seekers 'alike.
Those*-, who < have not yet contributed to "the fund
should do so at once. The sum of $50,000 is not 'an
excessive amount to ask of a city so large and* so:
wealthy as San Francisco for a purpose ; of such patfi-,
otic? pleasure . and .'utility.- ; This week' should » see the
entire amount subscribed. Let every man in propor
tion to 1 , his # means share in the ',. festival and ."willingly !
ioin in "defraying the cost of it
It is not worth while to go over again the benefits
the city will receive irom the celebration. It is now
assured that the display will in every respect surpass
anything of the kind ever witnessed on the Pacific
Coast— that it will be indeed one ; of the most brilliant
festivals ever given in America. Thousands of visitors
will throng the city to attend it and the result will be
a quickening of activity in all lines of trade.
WHILE there have been; many liberal contribu
tions to the 'Admission day fund, the; full
• amount ¦desifed^by the committee has not yet
been subscribed. This week renewed;; efforts will be
made to complete the sum of $50,000 expected from
the city. It is to be hoped they will be crowned with
speedy success. ; The date of the celebration is draw
ing near, the work of decoration will begin this week
and ample funds to defray all expenses should.be in
the hands of the committee at once.
ADMISSION vDflY FUND.
" "And' to .that end and purpose and in accordance
with 1 . the resolution adopted by the County Commit
tee this committee declares that no fraud, imposition,^
intimidation or oppression will be tolerated at the
said primary election, and hereby gives -notice that
when} it;. shall appear by satisfactory; proofs that any ;
false .voting, shall ; haye occurred at any polline-blace
For the purpose of assuring to every voter at the
primaries as complete protection as is possible with
out a primary law the County Committee, through its
chairman, "Alfred Bouvicr. has appointed a committee
of eighteen to arrange for the elections. That com
mittee has adopted resolutions setting forth the im
portance of conducting the primaries upon principles
of fair dealing, both as to issues and as to men, and
has devised a means of assuring such fairness. The
resolutions say:
The Republicans of San Francisco will no longer
tolerate boss control of their party.- They have had
experience enough with that kind of political fakers.
They know that Herrin. Crimrriins and Kelly are not
in politics for the maintenance of Republican princi
ples, the good of San Francisco, the interests of Cali
fornia or the welfare of the nation. Those would-be
bosses with • their jrangs of disreputable followers
would not hesitate a moment to betray and defeat Re
publican candidates, even after nominating them, if
they could see in such betrayal any profit for them
selves or for the Southern Pacific Railroad. It is
fresh within the memory of all that they, have be
trayed a Republican candidate for Mayor and a Re
publican candidate' for Governor.
It is well known that the foundation of party gov
ernment is the primaries. If corruption prevail there
then all that follows becomes tainted with the wrong.
The stanchest Republicans of the time, if they per
ceive they have been cheated at the primaries in the
election of delegates to a convention of the party,
lose confidence in the convention itself, and accord
ingly are not. inclined to give an unquestioning sup
port to candidates nominated by it. Honesty at the
primaries is therefore the best policy a party can pur
sue. It is in a particular sense the best policy at this
time, for no other can win.
DESPITE the efforts of Hcrrin, Crimmins and
Kelly to take advantage of the overthrow of
the primary law for the purpose of getting
control of the Republican primaries in this city by
trickery, or by force, there are good reasons for ex
pecting fair dealing in every district. Certainly the
County Committee has thus far taken steps to that
end and there is no likelihood it will turn aside from
that honest purpose between now and election day.
FOR HONEST PRIMARIES.
PERSONAL MENTION.
Dr. Theodore Purkltt of "Willows is at
the Grand.
W. R. Spaldlng and wife of Vlsalla are
at the LJck.
Dr. and Mrs. Vogelman of Vallejo are
stopping at the Grand.
E. L. Sanford. a hotel man of Corning.
Is registered at the Lick.
R. E. Jack, a banker of San Luis Oblspo,
Is stopping at the Palace.
Dr. W. P. Reed and wife of Saa Diego
are stopping at the Grand. *
"W. H. Nichols, a banker of Courtland
is registered at the Grand.
James Gallagher, a councilor at law- of
Fresno, Is a guest at the Grand. v
E. A. Farnham. a big merchant of the
"Hub." Is a guest at the Palace.
R. J. Hudson, a well-known attorney of
Hanford. is registered at the Grand.
G. E. Eabcock and wife of the Hotel
Coronado are guests at the Palace.
S. Mlddleton. one of New York's big
merchants. Is stopping at the Palace.
V. W. Hartley, a leading fruit raiser of
Vaeavtlle. ia registered at the Grand.
Virgil Conn, a prominent mining man of
Paisley, Or., Is registered at the Palace.
George W. Hazzard. one of San Diego's
most prominent citizens. Is a guest at the
Lick. "V
E. H. Breldenback, a prominent mer
chant of Los Angeles. Is stopping at the
Grand
George B. Sperry, the well-known flour
man of Stockton, is registered at the Oc
cidental.
Captain George F. Ellis, who made a
big fortune In the Klondike, Is registered
at the LJck.
E. L. Sargent, general freight agent of
the Texas Pacific Railroad at Dallas, T«x
as. Is stopping at the Palace.
Enrique Rlttscher, proprietor of the
leading hotel of Guatemala, is registered
at the Lick. He arrived on the Peru yes
terday.
Dr. Mercer, a noted physician of New
ark. N. J., accompanied by his wife. U
stopping: at the Palace. The gentleman
Is here on a pleasure trip.
J. F. Parks, superintendent of the. Ken
nedy Mining and Millins Company,, at
Jackson. Amador County, Is & guest at the
Palace.
CALITORinAJfS 7TJ NEW YORK.
NEW TORK. Aug. 19.— Thomas I* Ly
ons of San Francisco 13 at the Manhat
tan; Dr. C. Ford of San Frand3co is at
the Sturtevant.
The price pald;for the torpedo-boat de
stroyer . Viper, recently purchased from
Elswick-by^the British : Government, was
$322,550. V.The boat is 300 tons' and rated at
85 knots. The ' torpedo-boat Farragut In
the i United States is 279 ' tons and made
30.13 knots. . The contract price was $227,
500.;-The cost of the Farragut ' was at the
rate: of $805 "per, ton, while' the JVlper's
cost was $1075 per ton. the Britisher's ex
cess :of; speed;; making her : comparatively
the cheaper/ boat. The contract 'cost of
thq . American,* torpedo-boat
now in course of construction ranges from
$713; to; $C19 per, ton..; their sizes varying
from \ 408 to 433 ¦ tons . and _. speeds t from '¦' 29
to; 3O.« tons. ¦ British 30-kriot , torpedo-boat
destroyers of recent build are : from 323
. The British cruiser Ariadne of 11,000
tons consumed eighty tons of coal one day
while steaming at the rate of . eighteen
knots. While this consumption is not
economical, it is much better than that
of / the Europa, which, would require 350
tons dally If put to a ; gait of 22 knots.
Her supply of 1900 tons would not suffice
for 2800 miles, "as the auxiliary engines and
other : ' appurtenances would consume
about twenty tons daily. ?J§*?S3
: ''Two 'light-draught gunboats have been
built by Thorneycroft for the ( French
navy < and sent to China for service in
the west rivers. The boats— named Ar
gus and Vigilant— are 141 feet In length,
23 feet beam and draw two feet k with ev
eryrtiing on board. ¦ Their speed is 13
knots. \ The. boats made their trials, were
taken to pieces and shipped to Hongkong,
where they are now being made ready
for service.'
The" Cape Colony has raised sufficient
money , toward bulidlng a j battleship for
the navy of Great Britain. .At a recent
session of •¦ the, Cape Parliament the name
of Good Hope Was given to the ship to be
built and' a request 'made to the home
government that the ship be made equal
in ' importance ' to any of her class.
A t floating dock for Bermuda is being
built, at Wallsend, England. The dock
will have a lifting capacity of 16,500 tons
and Is 545 feet In length, -126 feet wide,
with. an entrance width of 99 feet. There
is 52 feet depth of water where the dock
Is to be located, which will permit ves
sels drawing 33 feet to be docked.
jandiher estimated cost is $4,640,200, includ
ing armament. The cost of guns and tor
pedoes is calculated at $G09,500.
The French armored cruiser Mar
seillaise of 10,014 tons was launched at
Brest dockyard . July 14. She has
triple screws, engines of 20,500-horse pow
er, intended to give a speed of 21 knots
The old Warrior, the pioneer of Great
Britain's armored fleet, is at last to be
struck off the effective list. Her engines
are to be taken out at once and the ship
will be utilized as a torpedo depot ship at
Portsmouth.
France appears to have recognized the
value of the turbine motor and a torpedo
boat of 90 tons has been launched at
Havre, fitted with this new propulsion.
The boat is to steam 24 knots.
The five 33-knot torpedo-boat destroy
ers to be built for the British Navy have
been named Cobra, Kangaroo, Thorn. Ti-
Ker and Vigilant. Their cost will average
J2St>,000.
Laird at Birmingham launched on July
14 the elKhteenth torpedo-boat destroyer
built at that yard for the British Navy.
THE WORLD! S WARSHIPS
The United States Navy has been very
fortunate In the selection of water-tube
boilers and has escaped thus far the dif
ficulties experienced in other navies—par
ticularly the British— with this modern
Improvement in steam generation. There
are nine different types in use In our
navy, seven of which are chiefly in tor
pedo-boats and destroyers. The list com
prises the following types: Almy, Bab
cock & "Wilcox, Mosher, Normand,
Niclause, Seabury, Thorneycroft, Ward
and Yarrow. The second in the list is al
ready in six cruisers and cunboata and
will be installed In at least three other
large vessels. It will be noted that the
Belleville boiler Is not Included in the list,
and it was only through the most vigor
ous argument against its introduction
that the late Democratic Secretary of the
Navy was persuaded not to foist this boil
er on the Navy. The experiment of try
ing so many boilers of different types Is
a wise and economical proceeding for as
water-tube boilers have become an abso
lute necessity for shlp3 of war. it only re
mains to "select one which practical ex
perience proves to be the best
Only four religious denominations are
recognized in the British navy— Church of
England, Methodists. Presbyterians and
Roman Catholics. Whichever creed a man
professes when he joins the service he has
to stick to for. the rest of his career. If
his creed is some other than one of the
four above mentioned he is put down for
whichever seems nearest. Only chaplains
of the established church are assigned to
ships and whenever it is practicable the
members of the other three denomina
tions are landed and marched oft to places
of worship belonging to their creeds. All
doubtful cases are counted for Church of
England people, which gives that denomi
nation an undue preponderance on board
ship. But In the old days there was even
less care taken to assort the ship's com
pany and it was no uncommon occurrence
to see a rigid Presbyterian marched off
to attend Roman Catholic service. It Is
the practice In some ships at sea when
the Established Church service !s pro
gressing the Roman Catholics are drawn
up to have read to them the articles of
war.
to 2S3 tons and their contract cost aver
ages 1731 per ton.
On Wednesday Irma Rothschild and
congenial friends. He described the table
that groaned with its wealth of plate and
crystal and choice viands and the buffet
piled high with all the good things that
appeal to the appetite of man. Then he
came to the speeches. "The host spoke
first." said Lloyd. "He referred to the
wealth, the plenty the good Lord had
showered upon him and with humility de
clared that in the midst of all his abun
dance he would remember the poor. 'Are
you with me?' he cried. 'Will you join me
in remembering the poor?* And this Pol
ish host grew eloquent." went on Mr.
Lloyd. "His guests grew enthusiastic.
Their hands were in their pockets and
they were ever ready to say, 'Yes, let's
send this meal so temptingly spread be
fore us to those less fortunate than we."
'Are you with me?' cald the host. 'We
are.' said the guests. 'Then,' cried the
generous Pole, "join with me in givlnp
three cheers for the poor.' "
commerce of the port is first rate, and bids fair to
rontinue so. Hence we may reasonably expect a
prosperous fall. .
The local situation stands about the same. Great
hopes have been built on active* markets resulting
from the Chinese trouble, but the feeble resistance of
the Chinese Government during the' past ten days has
1 dampening influence on these sanguine anticipations.
Hut whether we have a great Oriental war or not;
ihere will be plenty cf business during the coming
fall. The Government is continually buying more or
less goods in this market for the troops in the Philip
pines, the Northwest demand keeps up and the Alas
kan trade shows no signs of collapse thus far. The
Wheat continues the mule of the commercial pro
cession. Excepting the spurt some time ago, on ac
count of the partial failure of the crop in the North
west, it has been in the dumpsfor several years, its slug
gishness having been particularly marked last year,
uhen even-thing el?e was booming. The recent Gov
ernment report, indicating a crop of only 514,000,000
bushels, led the Secretary of Agriculture to predict
"dollar wheat" before the end of the year, but .Chi
cago apparently placed little faith in his judgment, for
the market not only did not advance but actually de
clined and has been weak ever since. Operators on
the Chicago Board of Trade are persistently predict
ing higher prices and advising people to buy, but the
market goes down all the' same. Wheat is apparently
a law unto itself. From time immemorial it has broken
everybody uho toyed with its seductive charms, and
bids fair to do so through the commercal "ages to
come. It never does what it is expected to do.
If there is any tendency it is toward a reaction from
the shrinkage in values and volume of business during
the first half of the year. This, occurring in a'Presi
dential election year, is highly encouraging, and is J
high compliment to the sound financial policy of the
nation. The tendency is usually the other way in
Presidential years. Thus the leading features last
week were continued expansion in fall-trade distribu
tion at leading Western centers, a better business in
dry goods in the East and renewed confidence, ac
companied by heavier buying, in some lines of iron
and steel. It may be. as some conservative authorities
insist, that we have touched bottom and are again on
the up grade, though no particular activity is expected
until after the election. The railroads, however, arc
reporting a steady increase in earnings, which is a
sure sign of an increased movement of merchandise.
Speculation, it is true, is at a low ebb, but this
is not an unfavorable indication by any means. The
money market continues characterized by ease and
abundance of funds, the only urgent demand at the
moment being in the West, where cash is needed to
move the crops. New York reports a larger number
of outside buyers in the city than for many years at
this season— dry goods, groceries, jewelry and hard
ware being the lines most in demand. Judging from
ail these conditions the trade situation is distinctly
better than it was sixty days ago. If this improving
tendency continues we ought to roll up a good fall
trade, in spite of the forthcoming election.
TRADE POSSIBLY IMPROVING.
r~ I .." RADE throughout the country is running along
j with noteworthy steadiness. Apparently therr
* is neither increase nor <a:crease in the volume
of business. Week after week the bank clearings
show about the same relative proportion to those of
the corresponding weeks in 1899, and the same may
be said of the failures. Both have been comparatively
unfavorable ever since the turn of the year. The bank
clearings are showing a weekly loss of about 15 per
cent average, and the failures, while small and gener
ally unimportant, are slightly in excess of 1899. These
facts indicate that we have settled to a normal level
after two years of boom, and are progressing once
more on safe and normal lines.
What a pity It is that LJly Lawlor can
not overcome her nervousness and let her
friends hear her splendid contralto voice
But it seems she 4ust can't sing when
anybody is listening to her. This awful
nervousness, it Is said, la all that pre
vents the fair sinprer from graining fame
and fortune on the concert stape.
• SALLY SHARP.
Louis Kohn are to be married. The groom
came from Chicago and that explains
why, on Saturday, when he wanted to pro
cure the marriage license, he asked Mel
ville Marx, uncle of his bride to be. to
show him the way to Cupid Danforth.
Marx was more than obliging- He not
only steered the man from Chicago up to
the license office but insisted upon paying
for the license. Kohn was profuse in hi*
thanks. "Oh, don't mention It." sail
Marx In an offhand way. "I pay for ttu»
license, you pay for the wine. They had
a quart. It cost $5. A marriage license
costs $2.
Miss Rose Hooper.
Thus from all sides comes the warning. "Conditions
are so prosperous and every one is so contented." It
is upon that basis the bets are made of which our
Boston contemporary spoke. Now such confidence
as that forebodes disaster. The Democrats and the
Populists are united and the Silver Republicans and
the mugwumps of the Liberty. Congress are with
them. All the factions of discontent are working to
gether with a degree of unanimity they have never
shown before. Surely, it is time for Republicans to
rouse themselves from the pleasant dream of an easy
walkover. California Republicans, at any rate, can
afford to. take no chances. Each and all of them
should at once register and get ready to do a citizen's
full duty in the campaign. -
"Every one seems pretty well satisfied, so much 50
that if we do not look out we shall suffer from over
confidence. That is the danger this year."
A sliort time ago Secretary Hitchcock of the Re
publican National Committee, in discussing the re
ports received from the various States, said:
Republican managers do not profess to feel any
scare, as our Boston contemporary puts it, but they
are aware that even if McKinley be sure of election
there is no such assurance of Republican control of
the House of Representatives, nor of carrying Legis
latures in States where United States Senators are to
be elected. In some States the danger is imminent.
In California, for example, a comparatively slight fall
ing off of the Republican votejn several Congres
sional districts would result in the election of Demo
crats, and that in turn might result in giving the Dem
ocrats a majority in -the House of Representatives.
"When the-A>etting is 5 to 2 in favor of McKinley
on the Stock Exchange, it is difficult to make the
people believe that there is, in fact, any serious danger
of McKinley's defeat.- Whateverlscare the party man
agers may profess to feel, the 'people will not at pres
ent be much affected by it.? . ' •
Similar words of warning come to us from all parts
of the country. In some quarters the danger appears
even greater than here. Thus, for example, the Bos
ton Herald recently made light of the efforts of Re
publican leaders to arouse the people to a sense of
the danger, and said:
"Republicans should remember that this is a great
political year and it is particularly one in which there'
should be no chances taken. They should.be sure
that they are registered and they should go to the
polls and vote. That is all that is necessary to put
Mr. Bryan and his party on the same toboggan they
rede upon in the previous campaign. However, there
is the possibility of being overconfident. The battle
ground of this campaign is in the States of New -York,
Indiana, Illinois and Michigan. The people of the
United States, in the midst of the prosperity that now
blesses the country, do not want a change of adminis
tration; they do not want any 16 to i proposition with
the certainty that it will bring them disaster in a busi
ness way and paralyze industries generally.- There is
no excuse for making a change now; but the Demo
crats are thirsty for power and spoils and they will
put up a good fight, unless all signs fail. We of the
East depend upon the Pacific Coast to send us a solid
delegation, and it appears to me that they will deliver
the goods. On this occasion, however, every Repub
lican should vote, whether his vote is supposed to be
needed or not."
THE DANGER OF OVERCO FIDENCE.
SENATOR MASON, in an interview published
in The Call ; yesterday, has given Republicans
one more warning of the. danger of overconfi
dence in this election, and emphasized the duty of
every Republican to register and to vote, no matter
how sure he may be that hisparty will not be in need
of his particular services. We have seen from the slow
way in which Republicans are registering, in thiscity
how dangerous the overconfident feeling" is and how
far it clouds the otherwise bright prospects of Repub
lican victory. '. ', . - : * \ :
Speaking of the political outlook,; the Senator said:
MONDAY. .....:... .AUGUST 20. 1900
JOHN D. SPRECKELS. Proprietor. "-; foj
Lda-eit All Communication* to W. S. LEAKE, Manager. .. .
Kl» ACER'S OFFICE. ? . . . L »_«•?>»«; phone PrttiW
PLISLICATIOB OFFICE. .Market and Third, 3. F.
Telephoae Press SOL.
CDITOnjLAt ROOMS.... ZIT to 221 Stevenson St.
Telephone Preaa 202.
Delivered tiT Carrier*. IS Centa Per Wertc
SIhkIc Copies. B Cent*.
Term* by Mali. Including- Pont*jret
D*JT,T CALL, (incSadtng Punday). oot year t* W
DAILT CALL, (Including Sunday). < tacntht t.M
XXA.ILT CALL. <tnc!u<31nc Sunday). < month*....... ......... 1.M
UATI.T CALL- By SlneW Month _ «o
STXDAT CALL On« Tear ~. .... X.»
WKEKLT CALL On« Tear !•<»
All post master* are authorised t» receive
• cbaprtpllont.
Bast pi* ccplM will be (onruded when reqwat**.
-
Mai! subscriber* In croerinj chanfft of wOAnvt ehocld b«
particular to d». both NEW AND OLD ADDRS2S in order
•• tsscra a prompt and correct compliance wjtn their r«qcr*t. -
OAKLAAD OFFICE 1118 Broadway
C GFORGE KROGNESS.
Vanajer Foreign Advertising, Morquette Building, Chicago.
(Lees Distant* Telethon "Cratral SIS.")
KEW TORK COItKESPOXDENTt
C C. CARLTON. Heraid Scuare
XEW TORK REPRESENTATIVE!
STEPHEN B. SMITH.. 30 Tribune Building
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Bhwir.an Houw; P. O. News C*.; Orcat Northern Hotel;
•"le-uient IJ.com. Auditorium Hotel.
NEW TOUK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf-Astoria Houl; A. BrcnUno, tx Uaioa Sccar*:'
Murray hill IioteL
WASHINGTON la C.) OFFICE. Wellington Hotel
MORTON t. CRANE. Correspondent.
BRA3CPOFFICE8-W Mouteomerr. corner of Ctay. "«p«o
until S:a> o-cJsck. 800 Hayes, open until' •:» o'clock. C3J
McAllister, open until 8:33 o'clock. 615 Larkln. open until
S:ZO o'clock. 1541 Afltalon. opoa until 10 o'clock. CS1 Market,
comer Sixteenth, open until ( o'clock. 10S« Valencia, open
tmui t oclock. 1M Eleventh, open until 9 o'clock. NW oor
¦«r Twesty-second and Kentucky, open until I o'clock.
• * •
Raphael Weill is once again en route to
the land of his birth. In honor of Mr.
Weill's "steenth" visit to La Belle France
Reuben -Lloyd gave him a delightful din
ner the other evening at a downtown res
taurant. -Covers were. laid for- nine and
there were a few model married men as
well as jolly bachelors in the gathering.
The dinner, of course, was perfect, but
the piece de resistance was not on the
menu card. It was a bully story told, by
Reuben IJoyd. Lloyd carried his hearers
with him to Poland, to a feast given .by -\
wealthy Hebrew to a few equally rich and
• • •
Talking of Paris reminds me of a gos
sipy letter from Mr3. Paulsen. who is
now again in the gay capital after an
extended trip to nearly every point of in
terest on the Continent. Mrs. Paulsen
¦was quite ill in Dresden, but she is en
joying her usual good health now and haa
engaged passage for home early in Sep
tember.
September Is to be the great home-com
ing month and by the 18th day of the sec
oml autumn month there will be enough
French gowns and bonnets in town to
justify us In referring to Kearny street
as Boulevard Kearny. Mr. and Mrs. de
Young are expected home In September.
Miss Mamie Deane has Just gone on to
Paris and will remain there for one year
in company with the Misses de Young.
Mr. and Mrs. Will Crocker are among
the late arrivals at the exposition unlver
selle. Just before leaving for her Euro
pean trip Mrs. Crocksr bought a magni
ficent carved wood screen. It is five feet
high and ten feet long and is fashioned
in three leaves.
Mr. and Mrs. Henry Fayot. after having
spent some time in Munich and the Tyrol,
are now In Paris. Mr«. Payot enjoys tho
reputation of being a most -jolly and com
panionable traveler. She is an expert bi
cyclist and has her wheel with her on this
trip.
2BS5F-:
QO home, little girl. There Is nothing
further that I can teach you."
That Is what the renowned Mme.
Deubillement-Chardon, lnstructrf"»
of miniature painting in Paris, t»..l
talented Rose Hooper just about three
weeks ago. The good little girl packed
her trunks and came home to those who
loved her and, would you believe it. Mme:
Chardon's .unusual bidding with its re
markable qualifying clause would never
have been known here if it had not. been
for some French admirer who wrote it to
a gushing admirer in our own city. 'She,
as was plainly her duty, told the talc
Rose may be as reticent as she chooses
now. We know her glorious record.
You should have been present ¦when Rose
unpacked those Paris trunks. Hats,
gowns, chiffons of all sorts— why, it made
you think that there was nothing else
worth looking at in this world— until you
saw those miniatures. Such delicate work,
such coloring, such— but you have doubt
lessly by. this time seen them and must
agree with me in what, on account of my
lack of technical art praise terms, I do
not say. .'.
And whist! There are two miniatures
slgneW . "Hooper" in tue American build
ing of the Paris Exposition, and, further,
two have been accepted by the Royal
Academy in London.
But in spite of all her successes and ths
dearest, most fetching French accent in
all this world. Rose is sad. She has trou
bles of her own. She was not allowed to
bring her pet poodle, Gosse, home with
her. It is a. sad tale. And, like the popu
lar romances of to-day, mixes history and
sentiment.
In England, according to statistics and
things, they have almost stamped out
hydrophobia. To: keep up the record ho
one from foreign shores may carry a dog
into her Majesty's kingdom. Poor, ignor
ant little Rose had not read the scientinc
journals that explain these instructive
things and she bought her ticket for homo
via an English line. When she found she
could not carry Gos3e into the land of
chalky cliffs her distress was awful. First,
there was some talk of chloroforming the
poodle and. fooling the English officials.
But Rose's natural honesty, coupled with
the fear that Gosse might have a weak
heart, put that plan entirely out of the
question. So she came away without him
and left him in Paris in charge of a
friend. That friend will be home in about
three months. She sails on the French
line. We will- all have a chance around
Thanksgiving to admire Rose Hooper's
French poodle.
Sally Sharp Gossips and
Mixes Art and Poodels
Nothing, to be sure, can excuse the treacherous at
tack upon the foreign legations with which the Celes
tials opened the fight. But such an attack is just what
might have been expectetd under the circumstances.
It is a cause for regret but not for surprise to those
who have watched the foreign jackals preying upon
the still animate body of China. Whatever, our sins
of omission or commission in the Philippines, our
hands, thank God, are clean as regards China. And
President McKinley is determined they shall remain
so.
In the recent war between China and Japan, the
latter undoubtedly had a just cause and won a well
deserved victory. The fruits of this victory Japan should
have been allowed to enjoy, but Russia, without a
shadow of right for interfering, insisted that Japan
should not be allowed to acquire territory on the
Asiatic mainland, compelled the Mikado to accept a
money compensation (the payment of which she guar
anteed) and proceeded to run the Trans-Siberian Rail
way through the Chinese province of Manchuria. Such
high-handed larceny shocked the moral sense of a
nation whose sovereign is, by the grace of God, offi
cially proclaimed to be Head of the Church of England
and Defender of the Christian faith: Lord Salisbury
reached out for more territory in Burmah and com
pelled China to allow free navigation of the Yangtse
kiang River. .. Then '¦ Germany grabbed . Kiaochau, :
which in turn led Russia to appropriate Port Arthur,
which in turn compelled England, in self-defense, you
know, to seize Weihaiwei. Italy was about to join in
the game and establish a "sphere of influence" in Che-
Kiang, when the patience of the Chinese gave out and
theBoxer arose in the land.
After all this violence and bloodshed the wonder
is not that any foreigner's life was unsafe beyond the
range of a war vessel's guns, but that it should have
been safe even within that range. But Time the De
stroyer is also Time the Healer. Commerce brought
mutual benefits and things went along pretty well for
the next twenty years. In 1882 the French, in pur
suance of their new colonial policy, made a grab for
Tonkin which the English offset, not at France's ex
pense but at China's by seizing Upper Burmah.
The first aggressor of the century was England.
Her opium war of 1840 was one of the most iniquitous
the world has ever witnessed, for the Chinese Gov
ernment was honestly attempting to prohibit the.inv.
portation of this deadly drug when the English forced
it on them at the point of the tTayonet. The victors
wrested from the vanquished the port of Hongkong,
the right to trade at five other ports and a perpetual
license to poison the Chinese with opium. The Taip
ing rebellion gave England (this time allied with
France) another pretext to intervene in Chinese af
fairs. This led to the war of 1857-1860, in which Can
ton and the Pciho forts were captured and the Sum
mer Palace at Peking looted and destroyed. By the
: treat)' of Tientsin China was forced to pay a heavy
'indemnity, to open more ports, to cede more land
to the English near Hongkong, and finally— Oh,
crowning triumph of bullet and saber!— to repeal all
edicts against Christianity. "I came not to send
peace," said Christ, "but the sword." That saying
has never been explained away by the theologians,
but it has been literally fulfilled.
ALTHOUGH an orthodox follower of Confucius
it was gospel truth that Consul General Ho
Yow preached to the ladies of Oakland when
he informed them that the present^trouble in China is
due principally to two causes — first, the sacrilegious
action of Christian missionaries, whose proselytizing
ir China is an insult to a' religion that was old before
Christianity was dreamed* of; second, to the "en
croachments" of foreign nations upon Chinese terri
tory.
The Consul General, like all high officials of his
race, is a veritable Pink Portulacca of Perfect Polite
ness: that word "encroachments" shows also that he
possesses the power of discrimination characterizing
the skilled orator. Invited to lecture before ladies,
some of whom had sons engaged at that very moment
in pouring Krag-Jorgensen bullets into the Consul
General's countrymen — invited to lecture before such
an audience, it was not only tactful but also necessary
that he should refrain from stirring to mutiny the
hearts of his hearers by avoiding that harsh word
which is 3'our only true denomination for the actions
of the European powers that precipitated the war.
That word is ROBBERY.
THE ROBBERS OF CHINA
In the end the fight for honesty can.be won only
by the earnest efforts of honest Republicans. After a
hard fight in the committee honesty has won thus
fnr, and now if loyal and true Republicans will rally
to the contest there will b^e a victory over the bosses
and their gangs which will assure another victory
when the final struggle comes on -election day. 1 . •;•"
or' any false or fraudulent impersonation 'of electors,
or any repeating or. 'stuffing 1 , or false counting of vote's
in the interest of any set of candidates, the return of
the election of such candidates willnot be received or
considered. This declaration is thus made in advance
to discourage all pbssiblereprehensible and fraudulent
practice, and to insure a fair and honest primary elec
tion, as far as it may be within the power of the Re
publican County . Committee." . ;
Of course the banded bosses are not to be expected
to give up the fight xvithout' making further trouble.
Herrin and Crimmins.and Kelly are playing for big
stakes." It is not" for nothing they are trying to get
such men as Dibble in the Assembly and Wolfe in the
Senate. They wish to have control of the Legislature
when the State is redistricted for the coming decade:
Therefore they will jres'ort to every scheme the wiliest
among them can devise and the most unscrupulous of
the Mint Saloon toughs will consent to carry out.
¦ ¦ .
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, AUGUST 20, 1900.
?
4
NORTHERN PACIFIC RAILWAY.
Cheap Rates to Chicago and B«tarn.
On the 21st »nd Cd lnst.. when purchasing
tickets to Chlcaso and return, be careful thnt
they read one way via the Northern Paciflo
Railway. The only Una running to the Yel-
lowstone Park. Inquire for Information of T
K. Stateler. General Agent, C8 Market at,]
next to Chronicle building.
Tickets on sale August a and 25. food for
return within sixty days. Only tt^ hours to
Chicago on the "Orerland Limited." via the
Union Pacific Railway, l ilonijcmery st.. San
Franctfco. M$)|9 \
The Santa F« will «cii tickets to Chtewo
and return on August 21 and 23 at the v«rr low
rate or 172 50. good .for sixty days. Tht» UTm
very low rate and is open for alL They wtU
teU you all about it at S2S Market aC -
Chicago and Beturn $72 SO.
AAHJSZM.ENTS.
Columbia— "The Only Way."
Orpheus— Vaudeville.
Grand Osera House— "SaphOu" \,* •
California— L*>e, the Hypnotist.
Ti voU— ' Tannhauser."
Alcazar — * "Sasho.**
Olyrnpja. corner Maaon and Eddy streets— Specialties.
Chutes. Zoo and Theater— Vaudevlll* every afternoon aad
evening.
Fl»?h*r's— Vaudeville.
Pain's Fireworks— Folnom and Sixteentb streets, Saturday
Eejiterober 1.
Eutro Baths— Open nitht*.
Ftete Fair. Sacramento— September S to 15.
AUCTION RATYF.R
G*Illck & V! nc^nt— Monday. August JO, at 11 o'clock. Furni-
ture, at 706 Clement etre«t.
By Emll Cohn— Monday, August 20, Nursery, at 11S7 Mar-
ket etrett.The entire collection of coins and medals
in the British Museum consists of nearly
250,000 specimens.
Weller refuseu'to make a statement last
night, except to say that he expected to
be acquitted of the charge of embezzle
ment. An officer of Burlington is now
on his way out here to take Weller back.
Last Wednesday Mrs. "Weller ¦ went to
the railroad office and purchased a ticket
for Nevada City. As soon as this fact be
came known to the police a telegram was
sent to the Chief of Police of that place
asking him to arrest Weller. He was soon
located and placed under arrest.
considerable trouble the detective located
Mrs. Weller and her child in a house on
McAllister street. A watch was then
placed on the house, as It was believed
that she was preparing to join her hus
band.
Hundreds of Thousands of Dollars'
Worth of Good Done in North
ern Part of Arizona. -~
PHOENIX, Aug. 19.— An extraordinarily
heavy flood of water continues to come
down from Northern and Central Arizona
and the Salt River Is still rising. To-night
there is a foot of water running over the
great dam at the Arizona canal head and
all "irrigation canals are full. The rise is
worth many hundreds of thousands of
dollars in the. Verde and Salt valleys, and
has caused great rejoicing.
FARMERS REJOICE
AT HIGH WATER
FOLGER— In > this city." Seth i Folder; father of
> Herbert •' and Clinton Folger, and brother of
" Mrs. E/.Macy," a native of Nantucket.. (Port
. land.*; Or-" and Nantucket papers please copy.)
|C7"Notlce of funeral hereafter.
DIED.
On : next '.Wednesday. ¦ evening : . the spa
cious parlors 'at the. residence of Mrs.
H. ;. Gagan, ; 1516 Sanchez street, i. will be
thrown open for ia concert which will -be
held In aid of the Twentieth Century
booth, ' -which ¦will' cut "a: prominent figure
in the <! bazaar • now in ' course of ¦ prepara
tion In aid of the fund to erect, St.. Paul's
Catholic" Church. On the occasion men
tioned Mrs. L.. P. : Ovida, the . gifted ; sing
er,": will render I some I of her. choice selec
tions. : Other talented ladles will : also
participate on this occasion. [
Concert to Aid a Bazaar.
NAPA,; Aug. ; 19.— The ' Native Sons of
Napa are making* big preparations to at
tend the ,- Admission ;day; celebration : In
San. Francisco on September 9. The mem
bers of Napa Parlor No. 62 expect to havo
100;men in line in; the parade." l They,'.will
be 'accompanied ; their own band of "fif
teen pieces, 5 "under. the leadership of Julius
Wegand.-The steamer Zinfandel has-been
chartered by the local parlor and thel
friends, who -will Join -in: a grand excur
sion, " which • will • leave Napa^ September 8 '
The members will appear in new and nat
ty : uniforms that have ! been ordered es
pecially for the < occasion. : . The ; parlors o'
Calistoara, ;¦¦--¦ St.* : Helena." Vallejo. . Benecia
and Napa have joined , together, in making
arrangements:. for /having -headquarters
in ; the great metropolis, which have been
secured at the corner of Mason andO'Far
rell streets.vThe joint committee from the
,parlors: of Solano- nnd<-Napai counties wili
meet in .Vallejo on Sunday to complete er
rangements' f or : the festivities ' on ¦ the 9th S
District V Attorney c-Bell,^ - r City .Attorney
York ; ' and ' Constable a Secord ' represent
Napa Parlor on t that committee.- The •¦ clt
izens; of , Napa' are ; taking ; a J great ' deal .of
interest | in | the | coming; celebration'- and * It
is ¦ estimated £ that over; a' thousand ¦ DeoDle
will attend from here.
Fine Band.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Will Come in Force With Their Own
NAPA NATIVES ACTIVE.
OFFICERS OF THE NATIVE SONS* PARLOR AT SAN ANDREAS. f
to bring about- • a good representation
from. the gold-producing hills.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN ANDREAS, Aug. 19.— The min
ing counties are going to Join the
throng and do their share to make
the Native Sons' semi-centennial
admission day celebration at < : San
Francisco the, greatest of all. Already
they are up and doing.
Frank O. Washburn Is the unanimous
choice' of 'Calaveras Parlor No. 67 as aid
to the grand marshal. He is a popular
son of pioneer stock and is deserving of
the honor done him." There is a movement
on foot ' to ¦; fuse" the parlors of "Amadoiy
Tuolumne ' and I Calaveras counties. This
will be representative of the mother lode
mining belt. The headquarters of the
parlors will probably be at the Grand
liotel. • • ' " *¦'-¦>¦-...
- With the parlors in the three counties
joining and going to San , Francisco in a
body, the idea of celebrating: has been
made more popular in' the highlands. "
i California Parlor . No. 67 was organized
in 1885 by Judge R. C. Rust, the present
grand president of the order. \ It is well
established and has good timber" in the
organization. Its members are all?repre
sentative men:- of -the "county. ; President
A; J. ¦" McSorley. the District - Attorney ; of
Calaveras County, Is progressive and *< an
ideal officer. Henry Wesson. County Tax
Collector, is in charge of the financial af
fairs and was'among the organizers. Ed
ward Casey, Mark Huberty and Dr.'J.^Ar
Holland are 'the vice ; presidents.
Frank J. - Salinsky, v Sam • E. Redmond
and John Waters, representative ~ mem
bers, are lending , their time - and ? efforts
WANTED IN IOWA FOR
FELONY EMBEZZLEMENT
Samuel Weller, After Eluding Police
for a Year, Caught in Ne
vada City. -
Samuel Weller, for whom the police of
Burlington, . Iowa, have been searching
for over a year, is locked up in the City
Prison. He was arrested Saturday at
Nevada City and brought here last night
by Detective Whitaker.
Weller • was . employed at Burlington to
sell pianos and organs, on commission.
"He was taken ill, and, according to his
own story, he spent the funds of his em
ployer for medicine. Falling to make
good the shortage, he ' packed his " trunk
and came to this city. After arriving
here he rented a cigar store at' 1446 Mar
ket street, but learning that the police of
Iowa were on his track, he sold out and
went to < Nevada . City, leaving, his wife
and child with some friends In this city-
Several months ago the Chief of Police
of Burlington wirecf Captain of Detectives
Seymour that -Weller was ; badly - wanted;
and asking him td locate him. Seymour
detailed Whitaker on the case, and after
Services in memory of the late Collis = P.
Huntington were held in 1 Zion A. M. E.
Church last! evening. The , edifice was
crowded. s The good qualities and generous
deeds of the dead railway magnate were
recalled by the Rev. T. Brown,' pastor of
the church. In his sermon the preacher
paid a tribute. to Mr. Huntlnpton, who, he
said, had always been a friend of the
negro, -w. He '. said ,that he- employed . more
negroes in . the - Southern Pacific Company
than "any other railroad in ¦; the country;
that he donated thousands* of dollars to
ward educating the black people, ana en
couraged the- negroes to become honest.
Industrious and upright business men. The
speaker > held . the late ¦ financier up as an
example for the negroes to imitate if they
•wished to achieve : success. . Special music
was rendered. •
Huntington Memorial Services.
GOLD MINERS' SONS
COMING IN FORCE
SACRAMENTO, Aug. 19.— John Carroll,
a violinist and music teacher, aged about
C5 years, disappeared from his lodging
house last Wednesday and has not since
been seen. His landlady says that shortly
before that he. had intimated that he
might commit suicide, but she did not
think him In earnest. It Is now thought
he may have done so.
Violinist Missing.
6ANTA CRUZ. Aug. 19.— The Republi
can drill corps has been organized here
with the following officers: Captain, A.
A. Morey: first lieutenant, Harry Roff;
second lieutenant. Dr. W. R. Llnscott:
third lieutenant. Harry Mead; first ser
geant, H. J. Bias.
The remaining officers are to be selected
by the elected officers.
The corps will drill once a week, every
Thursday evening, at the armory. The
first drill will be held next week..
Santa Cruz Drill Corps.
Epfcla! Dispatch to The Call.
SAN AXDREAS. Aug. 19.— The Demo
cratic Central Committee of Calaveras
County met yesterday afternoon and Is
sued a call for primaries, to be held In
various precincts throughout i the county
on the evening of August 26 for the pur
pose of eelecting delegates to the State
convention at San Jose and also to the
county convention. The. latter will be
held at San Andreas on September 22.
Calaveras County is entitled to six dele
gates to the State convention according
to the apportionment made by the State
Central Committee.
Calaveras Democratic Primaries.
Special Dispatch to The Call
SAX JOSE, Aug. 19.— The County Cen
tral Committee of the Good Government
League has decided to hold a convention
of the Good Government party on Sep
tember 12. Primaries to elect delegates
to the convention will be held on Septem
ber 4 and the formal call, which is now
in preparation, will be issued in a day
or two. All voters who supported the
Good Government ticket two years ago
will be eligible to vote at the primaries.
As a consequence, the convention will be
comprised of Republicans, Democrats and
Populists.
Good Government Party.
Spe-cial Disiratcfa to The Call
Puts Some People to Sleep and Makes
Others Perform Amusing
Antics. .
Sylvain A. Lee, the hypnotist, opened
his week at the California Theater last
evening. He had a crowded house and a
crowded stags, for subjects were numer
ous—and susceptible. There were a score
or more who -braved the Invitation to
come forward and for two hours they cut
capers and played -pranks ¦ at the word
of the operator until the audience was in
fits of laughter. It was not all humorous
work,- however.' One of the features was
when Lee's assistant was put to sleep and
made rigid and four heavy * men stood
upon his body, supported under the shoul
ders and heels by chalr3. Then Lee ran
a hatpin through each of the man's
cheeks and another through his righ. arm,
and with the pins. sticking through his
flesh the assistant went round through
the audience for every one to see. It
was done in illustration of the anesthetic
possibilities of hypnotism.
The Hindoo sleep was another feature
that was funny but also serious: The op
erator, seated himself crosslegged upon a
rug and the audience was invited to look
into his eyes, each one at the same time
thinking how sleepy .ic or she was. Soon
one then another and then more swayed
in their seats and ; finally there wero
twelve or fifteen sleeping , peacefully. Lee
then went round and woke them up with
a touch and a snap of the finger, or In
the case of those in the galleries by
stretching his hand toward them, speak
ing quickly and snapping his fingers. ;
Tho performance wound up with a sug
gestion to the subjects on the. stage that
they were all capable cakewalkers and the
curtain went down as they .were exhibit
ing their' talents in every conceivable
'step.'j^g&SBBSSHS 1^
¦ H was announced from the stage that
Mr. '< Lee's assistant would be put to sleep
this evening and he will then be allowed
to sleep in the window of some store on
Market street until Wednesday, when he
will be taken to the, theater and a weigh:
of : three, hundred pounds will be placed
on i his body while he lies supported by
the backs of two chairs. .
LEE THE HYPNOTIST
: MYSTIFIES AUDIENCE
Montana Capitalists to Establish
Coke Ovens Along the Crows
Nest Pass Line.
f?pecial Disratch to The CalL
SPOKANE. Wash.. Aug. 19.— The
Thomas Cruse Banking Company and
other Montana capital has purchased 1000
acres of coal land adjacent to the Cana
dian Pacific Crows Nest Pass line, and
will instail machinery to handle 3000 tons
daily.
They will also install a large number
of coke ovens. The product Is In great
demand In Montana and British Colum
bia smelters.
HEAVY PURCHASE
OP COAL LANDS
FARGO. Jf. r>.. Aug. 19.— A heavy elec
trical storm began at Dickinson early to
night and was still raging at midnight
It was accompanied by a high wind and
serious results are feared.
ABERDEEN, S. D., Aug. 19.-A severe
•wind and rain storm Is raging In this city.
At Columbia considerable damage was
done. The spire of the Congregational
Church was blown off and numerous
barns and other buildings unroofed.
Extensive damage to grain in shock is
reported.
Cities Threatened by Electrical Dis
turbances and Heavy Rains.
mgnt baturoay tne Tuolumne Water
Company's supply of water having been
exhausted, the power plant at Phoenix
Lake closed down. As a consequence
most of the leading mining companiies,
which depend upon the water company
for power and water to operate their
mines and mills, have ceased operations
and between six and seven hundred em
ployes are Idle until the fall rains set in.
Such properties as the Eagle, Shawmut
and Rawhide retain a considerable force
In prosecuting development work. At the
Jumper mine forty stamps will be kept
running by steam power.
BTOB.MS HI DAKOTA.
Tuolumne County Mines Are Forced
to Suspend Operations.
JAMESTOWN. Cal.. Aug. 19.— At mid-
NO WATEE SUPPLY.
Beats the Fiend and Drives
Him From Community.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
ASHLAND. Or., Aug. 19.— Ah Wing,
Chinese cook for H. Messner's Western
Union telegraph repairing crew at Edge
wood. Cal.. was run out of the community
yostc-rday under sensational circum
ttances. The Chinaman is alleged to have
made improper proposals to the 10-year
old daughter of a rancher named Bassftt,
livin? near the ecene of the operations of
the repair crew. The little girl was home
trlth her small brother, and becoming
tiiarmed by the Chinaman's actions sent
lier brother to a neighbor's house for as
t-istance.
\V!,«n the father heard of the affair he
pntht-red a number of friends and found
the Chinaman in a n^iR-hbor-ine- Chinese
camp, where he was identified by the lft-
T«e Kfrl.
Punishment was meted out to Ah Wing.
He was Ix^aten unmercifully, his queue
was" cut off and he- was driven south by
ihf infuriated citizens. Further hostili
ties toward Chinese are locked for.
Little Girl's Father, With Friends,
SEVERE PUNISHMENT
FOR A CHINESE BRUTE
troops that will be at the Presidio about
that time. General Shafter has promised
to assist the general committee as far as
lies in his power.
Next Thursday night the representa
tives of the several courts of Foresters
of America located In this city will hold
a meeting in the Alcazar building for the
purpose of deciding, to what extent the
courts will assist the Grand Court, which
has already voted a sum of money for one
or two floats. An effort will be made to
have a number of the courts turn out in
some distinctive uniform that will be at
tractive.
EXCURSION AND PICNIC.
Marshall Parlor, N. S. G. W., Enjoys
Floor committee— A. Rodriguez, J. Mar
shall, J. Kullmann, F. Mangani and J.
Tinlln.
an Outing at Schuetzen Park.
SAN RAFAEL, Aug. 19.— The annual ex
cursion and outing of Marshall Parlor No.
202, N. S. G. W., of San Francisco was
held to-day at Schuetzen Park. The pic
nic was enjoyed by a large crowd. Danc
ing and games were the order of the day.
The following composed the committees
having the picnic in charge: sic.f.
Committee of arrangements— L.. Colton,
Philip Bill, James Heffernan, Ed Maker,
Charles Louis, L. Veiller, P. Boulin, E.
Krcencke and C. Berchorman.
Reception committee— Charles Louis, L.
Colton, Philip Bill and W. Everson.
Floor manager, Joe Rose; assistant, A.
Nickel.
ONE of the most attractive floats to
be In line on the day of the parade
will be the one that Is being pre
pared for the French colony. It Is
to be emblematic of California. The State
will be represented by a young lady and
the float will in other designs be compli
mentary to the United States and France.
The decorations will be In the French
style of coloring and of grouping of small
flags. It will be a credit to the day. the
procession and the residents who contrib
uted the funds to prepare It.
The several organizations that are to
represent the fire departments of Califor
nia, volunteer and paid, have completed
all arrangements for the parade. The
Exempts, whose headquarters are on
Brenham place, will turn out about sixty
men in ahe uniform of the Baltimore fire
men and will haul after them the first
engine used in the volunteer fire depart
ment to be followed bv the double-decker
or that department. "Bi* Six," drawn by
horses, the old veterans no longer hav
ing the physical ability to man the ropes
as in the days of their prime. This will in
all probabilitv be the last public demon
stration in which these old heroes of the
great fires of San Francisco will ever
parade. They will be followed by those
who are to succeed them, the prospective
heirs of the treasures of volunteer days
and the records of the old department.
These are young men who have organized
themselves into an association known as
the Sons of Exempts. They will be at
tired in black trousers, red shirts, blue
caps and belts, with the name of the as
sociation printed upon it. They will haul
one of the old-time hose reels. The vet
erans of the paid Fire Department will
close the rear of this division. This or
ganization is made up of these members
of the paid department who served twenty
years or more.
Another division will be made up of the
Veteran Volunteer Firemen's Associa
tion, which has headquarters at 24 Fourth
street, and which is composed of men
who served in any volunteer fire depart
ment in the State of California. The
members, preceded by their own band,
will be out In black trousers, the tradi
tional red shirt, black ties and black hel
mets. They will have in line their old
engine "Volunteer" and possibly the ma
hogany piano box engine which was pro
cured for Knickerbocker Engine Company
No. 5 in December, 1&52, at a cost of $3250.
AVith this division will be placed the en
gine companies that are to come from
Fresno, Petaluma, Berkeley and other
sections.
The paid Fire Department will be rep
resented by a detail of men from differ
ent companies, and they will have under
their charge a steam engine, hose wagon,
battery, water tower, hook and ladder
truck and a chemical engine.
The Governor has been asked to review
the parade. An answer has been received
to the effect that he will gladly do so If
he returns to the State In time. In case
he does not that duty will devolve upon
the acting Governor, Jacob H. Neff.
As to what extent the United States
army will be represented in the parade
will depend in a great measure upon the
COVELO. CaL. Aug. 19.— George
"Whitney, one of the members of the Co
velo poes©, errived here this afternoon
fresh from the camp and ecene of the
main expedition of man-hunters who are
scouring: tiio rugged mountain passes for
J. B. King, the slayer of S. H. Church.
Whitney arrived nvlth a pack horse for
provisions and supplies and will return
to-morrow to Join tn« scouting 1 party. He
etated that four members of the posse
6T« guarding the mountains passes over
Anthony Peak, while others are skirmish
ing la th.© Trinity Hills for some clew
that win lead to«a fresh traiL Wednes
<lay and Thursday last, Whitney says, all
th© members of th© poss© pushed forward
toward "Weavervill©. expecting to meet
Sheriff* Taylor and Bergin, but not being
able to grain any Information as to their
movements returned to cover the An
thony Peak passes, believing Sheriff Tay
lor ¦•»•"<? posse were pursuing a good, clew
In that direction.
Whitney declares he expected both mall
and telegraphic advices from Taylor ot
Bergin here to-day, but notning was re
ceived, and It is doubtful if the posse will
proceed further north without Instructions
from Taylor concerning future plans.
"Whitney declares the amount of terri
tory covered by the various posses in the
last three weeks will approximate a thou
eand miles through shrubbery on the
foothills, and it is doubtful if it has ever
been excelled as a man-hunt In the annals
of crime. No one can have a Just appre
ciation of Its magnitude and what hard
ships the posse are called upon to under
ro and endure until he has traveled over
the Chemessal Mountains, going through
brush and places where even a bear
¦would 6carorly attempt to force his way.
Epecial Dispatch to The Call.
George Whitney, One of the Trailers,
Arrives at Covelo to Secure
Provisions for the
Men.
NO CLEW YET FOUND
Man-Hunters Continu
ing Their Search for
Murderer King.
ANTHONY PEAK
BEING GUARDED
BY THE POSSE
The fact that Domingos, the brother,
was very aeitated and excited when he
left his wife at Mrs. Amelia Suiza's house
on Thursday, June 21, and the further
fact that his wife said to Mrs. Suiza that
"something terrible has happened on the
island" after he had left the Suiza place
was sufficient in the minds of the officers
to justify them in taking Domingos and
his wife into custody.
The Portuguese residents along the river
approve of the wholesale arrests and be
lieve that if the proper course is pursued
it 'will be conclusively shown that Mary
Vierra did not commit suicide, but that
she had been murdered.
The Portuguese people living in the vi
cinity of Isleton insist that everything
points to Antone Vierra having choked
nis wife to death and thrown her body
into the river. Antone and his wife had
had freq\ient quarrels, and the finding of
her body in the river, together with other
suspicious circumstances, were sufficient
to move the other members of the colony
to demand an investigation after the in
quest had been held.
Antone's mother, who is a very old wo
man and who cannot speak the English
language in the name of the Savior
swears that she knows not how her
daughter-in-law came by her death. The
others are equally insistent that they do
not know in what manner Mary died.
A Chinaman named Lee Ong Gee testi
fied at the Coroner's inquest that he last
saw the deceased alive, on the evening of
Friday, June 22— at least, he was so un
derstood to say. Since then he has said
that it was on the day before when he
had last seen Mrs. Vierra. He says that
he was probably misunderstood. Dr. W.
S. Makenson, who assisted in the post
mortem examination, says that the body
could not have been in the condition in
which it was found if it had been in the
water only since Friday. The body was
found the following Monday. The upper
portion of the body was badly swollen and
discolored and the muscles of the throat
were pressed together, and their condition
generally, the officers say, indicated that
the woman had been strangled.
Another suspicious circumstance tend
ing to show that the husband intended
leaving the country, the officers contend,
was the incident of his mother giving him
$40 on their journey to this city in W. E.
Elliott's launch on Friday mornine. An
tone Vierra is looked upon by his country
men as the real murderer of his wife.
They contend that his mother knows more
about the case than she cares to tell the
officers. - •
SACRAMENTO, Aug. 19.— The desires of
the Portugnese colony for a full and
searching inquiry regarding the death of
Mrs. Mary Vierra, whcse dead body was
found in the Sacramento River at Ida
Island, below Isleton, this county, on the
25th of last June, will be fulfilled. To that
end the dead woman's husband, Antone
Vierra; his mother, Joaquln Vierra; his
brother, Domingos Vierra, and the lat
ter's wife, a girl about 16 years of age,
were arrested at Rio Vista, Solaoo Coun
ty, this morning by Constable Cottrell
of Isleton upon complaints sworn out by
Manuel F. Vincent, a Portuguese farmer
residing in the lower part of the county.
They were brought to the County Jail
here to-night by District Attorney Baker,
County Detective Golden and Constable
Cottrell and were duly separated so as
to prevent intercommunication between
themselves.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Friends of Dead Woman Approve of
the Wholesale Arrests, and Say
Her Murder Can Be
Proved.
HUSBAND IS SUSPECTED
Death of Portuguese
Woman to Be Fully
lnvesui^atiGu.*
RELATIVES OF
MRS. VIERRA
UNDER ARREST
French Colony Is
to Provide One
of the Hand
somest Floats.
WEALTH OF BRAVE FEATURES
AUGURS MAGNIFICENT PARADE
THE SAN FRAisCISCa CALL, MONDAY, AUGUST 20, 1900.
5
GRAND FLOAT CONTRIBUTED BY LOCAL FRENCH COLONY.
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Price List3Mali3i
on Application.
ATTORNEY. —
F. H. MER2BACH. lawyer. LOS Cal.. Cltrale Dr.
. COAL COKB AND PI3 IROX
I T WFI ft CZi m Battery Street
.'. L- H1L3U.1 O. WU-, TeleDhooa Mala 1S64.
copperTmith]
T W CWfTH SfcJ P Planibins. Steamboat and
l/«TT« O.hlU. £hip Work a epeclaltr. II and
1* V.'srh'.nctcn ft. Telephone Mala UU.
~~~~ ELECTRICAL.
D. D. WA£S,
Eiectrles.1 Kegineer. 16 East St.
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
US POVFS R fft Shipping Butchers. 1M
JA3- DUIC3 tt tU» ciar- Tel. Main ItH.
OALVAM2IN3 AND METAtS.
**if-.* £>*sIt In Metals & Oalranlzlne. JOHN.
FINN' S!KTAL WORKS, 815 Howard st.
HARNESS DRESSING.
" P J Ll^? a I- to " Best leather preserver on
ygrth. -^e. Robinson Chem. Co.. U6S Howard.
LITHOGRAPHING. /
Cnlcn Lithograph Co.. S2S Sansome st.. ArtlsUo
LltboRrar-hers and Printers. Oovernment U-
ct-i:i>e<» tor Imprinting of Revenue Statr>».
MCTAU "
Metal TVoriii. 127-9 Flryt St.. San Francl »co.
O!LS.
LUDRICATINO OIL& LEONARD & EL-
LIS. 41S Frcr.t st.. S. F. Phone Main 1713.
PAINTS. ~ ~~
Cylinder & Lubricating Oils. 8chn"»lfler*s Mmln«
'Candles. C. G. CLINCH &. CO., I Front. 8. F.
PrflNTI « ».
r C f'J'Ci*^^ PRINTER.
1- V- iJci".I «?• cil Eansome «t.. 8. P.
PRINTERS. BOOKBINDERS.
THE HICKS-JUDD CO.. ~
tl Virmt »t.. San Francisco.
STATIONED AND PRINTR't
\iWTE ASH STEAM COAL, gffiS&S
IjIaMOXU <JOAL MINING CO.. at Us GREEN
liivr.ll COULiKUlEtf. is the Best Coal In th*
tawltct. Olflc* and Yards — iiO Mnla street.
AMTISEMENTS.
TO-NICHT AT 7:35' P. M..
Wednesday. Friday and Saturday Evenings.
TANNHAUSER.
Avedano. Salassa. Prhuster. Anna Lichter and
Effle Stewart.
Tuesday. Thursday. Sunday Evenlnga and
.Saturday Matinee.
"MIGNON."
Poletinl. Repetto. Graham. Russo and Nlco!ln4*
"MIGXOX" Commences at S p. m. Sharp!
Seats on Sale Seven Pay* Ahead.
POPULAR PRICES-23 AND ZO CENTS.
TELEPHONE— BUSH 9.
THE "WORLD'S GREATEST ARTISTS EJ
FLAWLESS VAUDEVILLE.
NEWSKY TROUPE,
LEW HAWKINS, CAROLINE HULL. -
ARNIM and WAGNER.
FOUTl JUGGLING JOHNSONS. MRS. BES-
SIE BLITZ-PAXTON. MACART9 GREAT
ANIMAL SHOW. SAlt MORRIS AND CO..
AMERICAN BIOGRAPH.
Reserved Seats. 23c; Balcony, 10o; Opera
Chairs and Box Seats. 50c.
Matinees- Wednesday. Saturday and Sunday.
THE EVENT OF THE SEASON!
Beginning TO-NIGHT.
< Matinees Wednesday and Saturday.
Charles Frohman Presents
THE GREAT DOUBLE TRIUMPH. V
HENRYMILLER
AND A SPECIAL COMPANT.
la the Great Romantic Play.
The ONLY WAY
Adapted by Freeman Wills From Charles .
Dickens' Novel. "A TALK OF
TWO CITIES."
Thursday Afternoon and Sunday Night.
Last 2— BURTON HOLMES LECTURES.
Subject. "HAWAIIAN ISLANDS."
GRAND OPERA HOUSE
ONLY MATINEE SATURDAY.
N EW fn Mj$k W¥ §s£ I PANY
THIS EVENIXG! THIS EVENING!
First Production In This City
of the Greatest Version of
"SAF*HO"
A Literal Translation of the On« In Which
Mile. Regane Electrified All Parts.
: SEE THE RED "SAPHO!"
PRICES 10c. 15c. 25c. 50c.
A few front rows in orchestra 73c.
Branch Ticket Office— Emporium.
- ' _
iSPECIAL I
Next "Wednesday and Thursday Afternoons.
Matinee Performances of
THE BROV/NIES IN FAIRYLAND
TO ACCOMMODATE THE CROWDS.
TO NIGHT f rd til This Wcsk.
The Wonderful Hypnotist, in his marvelous
hypnotic performance which has startled all
of the biz Eastern cities.
Mr. Lee Is the only hypnotist who performs
the Hindoo Sleep, that Is. sitting upon th«
stage and putting a great many of his audi-
ence to sleep. •-. ¦'.-."' '.-
TO-NSGHT—
ReviYa! by General Bequest!
FLORENCE ROBERTS
Supported by WHITE WHITTXESET.
8PICTACULAB A |
fRODUOTION OxjLX^XXV^
ONLY MATINEE SATURDAY.
GHUTES^and ZOO
EVERT AFTERNOON AND EVENTNO.
LORD & ROWS. SILVIA PtTSRARZ. BABY
RUTH. LA LISTA. KALACRATUB,
ZARELLO. THE LION ACT, NEW
MOVING PICTURES.
CANNON, THff FAT MAN.
SEABURY, High Diver.
AMATEUR Nleaj, THURSDAY.
Telephone for Seats— Park C
FT^frFTFR'^ CONCERT HOUSE.
riOL/Ilr»H a Admission lOc.
Eudora Forde. Contralto; the Berlin Sisters,
Vocalists; the Waterman Sisters, Coon Son;
Singers and Dancers; Little Verna Felton. ths
Child 'Wonder: Irene Franklin. Cornetist.
Reserved Seats. 25c; Matinee. Sunday.
SUTRO BATHS.
OPEN NIGHTS.
Open Dally From I a. m. to 11 p. m.
Bathing From 7 a. m. to 10 p. m.
ADMISSION, 10c. CHILDREN. 5c.
Bathing. Including admission, 25c; children. 20c.
." DRPIERCES -V
MEDICAL
DISCOVERY
FOR THE
BLOOD^HVER.UJMGS;
t » % jffl4h**** -5 O»ifl roraedy for Uonorr^Hiuv
J"&r' UtJSKis Oleot, SpornatorrhiBa,
Brfir 'a 1 ""° 5 j *t»- \tJ hitM. Qnnatoril :i£>
sJ/S Oo»r»a«e»i y <"fiarscs, or liny In3r»mv
F*i# a n«* >• sufauiww tion. , irritation or uicorar
osneactaa. tion ot nieoas sei»
KS^rHEEVMSCHJM^nCjV br *n«»- Noa aatjtuireni
>S^>C!NWJS»T1.0.PJJ} Sold Dy Orog.-rt*t».
'TaS-Vv rr -• i >rcT °' **"' '^ plain vrr»pr«r,
"id*t>ii by eiprtM prepaid, fvi
IA/. X. HESS.
ROTARY PC3£.!0 ASJ ATVOKKST-Ar-LATr.
Tenth Floor. Room 1015. Claus Spreckels Bldz.
Telephone Brown 131.'
Residence. %S\ California St.. below Powell.
San Francisco.
HflTP nnt/AI Corner Fourth an.1
Will *• »*W >ilt- _ t overcoats «nd
Valises checked tre«.
Weak Men and Women
SOUL1> CSK DAiiUNA BITTERS. THei
great Mexican remedy; gives health and
strength to sexual orsaoa. Depot, 133 Market.
APVEttTISElffEirrS.
TELEPHONE GRANT 33. "
Prompt service in and out of the
store are main features in our busi-
ness. ¦
Closest attention to all complaints
—goods cheerfully exchanged or
money refunded— we want you to be
satisfied.
One price and one quality — always
the best.
SPECIAL REDUCTIONS
MONDAY— TUESDAY- -WZDNESDAf
Tea, 10 kinds, reg. 50c i Ib 40c
Family Mixed. New Era Blend. Nlng-
chow Coneou. Formosa Oolonsr. Foo-
chou Oolongr. Assam Ceylon. Japan bas-
ket fired. Japan Young Hyson. China
Gunpowder, China Young Hyson.
"Rlenzi 1> B6er l reg.$2.45.i!ozqts$2.l5
rer.Sl.6D, dozptsSI.35
Bottled at brewery. Rochester. N. Y.
New York consumes more of the ' Ri-
enzl" than of any other beer.
Olives, reg. I2?.c to! 10c
Stuffed with Plments.
Sardines, reg. 3Gc tin 20c
Boneless. %s. French Imported. , . :
Tcmaio Catsup, rei. 20c , bot !5c
"New Era" brand, which means tho
best. ¦:,-•
Cocktaiis, reg. $1.00 bat 85c
"Sunset" brand. . Eastern. Manhattan.
Martini, whisky, gin or vermouth.
Castile* Soap, reg. 80s bar 25c
French imported.
Coin's Dandruff Cure special 85c
Only positive cure aralnst dandruff.
We refund money If unsuccessful.
Adams Springs Mineral Water
Case 50 qts $7.75, 1 dz qts $2.25
Bottled at springs with its natural
sas. Positive cure for dyspepsia, cos-
tlveness. liver and kidney complaints.
Royans~a h Vatal - 2 for 25c
French Sardines with truffle and pick-
les. Res. 15c tin.
Gilt Edje Stios Dressing box 20c
Regularly 23c. 'Whlttemore's; softeaa
and preserves the leather.
Champagne, "Paul Mason"
case I doz qts $16.00, feet $1.50
case 2 dozpts $18.00, bot SOc
The oride of California. The product
of a soil and climate similar to France.
Positively the best American champagne.
Lentils, reg. l2SgDi |fg| 3 lbs 25c
ImDorted German.
Claret, bottia ripe, reg. 50c gal 35c
A good light tabl9 claret. For bottling
and corking of 100 bottles of any one of
our wises we make no charge.
No Mere Dread of the Dental Chair
TEETH EXTRACTED AND FILLED AB-
SOLUTELY WITHOUT PAIN, by our «ata
scientific method applied to the gums. No
eleep-produclng agents or cocaine.
These are the only dental parlors In San
Francisco having PATENTED APPLIANCES
and Ingredients to extract, fill and apply gold
crowns and porcelain crowns undetectable from
natural teeth, and warranted for ten yeais.
WITHOUT THE LEAST PAIN. Full set ot
teeth *5; a perfect nt guaranteed or no pay.
Gold crown5. $5. Gold fllllnjrs. SI. Silver nil-
ings. SOc. All work done by GRADUATE DEN-
TISTS of from 12 to 20 years' experience, and
each department In charge of a specialist. Give
us a call, and you will find us to do exactly
as we advertise. We will tell -you In adranc't
exactly what your work witf cost by a FREE
EXAMINATION.
ff9 PlATeS |$Pi»i»H'fc
New York Dental Parlors,
723 Market Street,
SAN FRANCISCO.
MAIN OFFICE ......PORTLAND. OR.
BRANCH ...SEATTLE. WASH.
MUNYON'S INHALER
/S*^^. fATADPH
/y*#j5# Colds, Coughs,
Hay Fever, Bron-
chitis, Asthma
Sllfe Jt tt^y^nd all Diseases
%W0^ iw oi the Thr ° st an<s
Clouds of Medicated Vapor are Inhaled
tirous'a the death and emitted from the nos-
trils, cleansing «r.d vaporlria; all the inflamed
anil diseased parts which cnasot bo reached by
medicine taken into the etsziach.
Zt reacTtrs the sore spots — It heals the raw
places— It pocs to the seat of disease— It acts as
a balm and tonic to the whole system— $1.00 at
,.,.„_,„,» *vt»/»V7. jnon A rrh St., PMla-
fVIM, VIGOR, VITALITY for MEN
MORMON BISHOPS PILLS
have been in use over fifty
years by the leaders of tho
Mormon Church and their fol-
lowers. ' Positively cures th»
worst cases In old and young
arising from ejects of self-
. abuse, dissipation, excesses or
cigarette-smoking- Cures Lost
Manhood. Impotency. lost
Power. Nlsht Losses. Insom-
nia. Pains in Back. Evil Desires. Lame Back.
Nervous Debility. Headache. Unfltness to Mar-
ry Loss of Semen. pmm Varlcocele or Con-
stipation. Stops ne *3 C_^ rvtras Twitchinsc
of Eyelids. Effects £ir~ZL* n Immediate.
Impart vigor and CEflTS potency to every
function. Don't get despondent: a cure Is at
band. Restores small, undeveloped organs.
Stimulates the brain and nerve centers: 60c •
box; 6 for |3 60 by mall. A written guarantee to
cure or money refunded with C boxes. Circulars
free Address BISHOP REMEDY CO.. 40 Ellis
St.. San Francisco. CaL. GRANT DRUG CO..
38 and 40 Third st- ..
A visrr OR- JORDAN'S &rcat4
I SSSEUM OF flfSATOMYJ
9 55 l551SSA233SSS.trt.eaifti.SJ.C:li
V ¦ ~jt The Largest Ann cnical Mukuo in the \
A -^Jt-. World. \Vekfcne».«.«i or any crauracteil g§
ESrti diwaw |>Mlli*rly eured tiy the dciist "
A BfflSzl D3-s0aDAM-?ESV ATS DISEASES^
A » iS'^7 fi Tn ument p;i«n.'.liy or bv letter. A fk
V Q Jf X\ U Pv ttvc Cvrt in cuary ease anttinaken. > T
hfflll ll& Writefor Pno!:. rUfl.C>.'»«>Pn'Sf«r A
V • il |7 uaauuiAfiK, mailed .'acts. ; a r
X Q Ij, ' Taltubie book for fara/ : \
V Da JUBDiS Jk CO., 1CSS. Martipt St.. S. F. 9
D3. CROSSMAH'S SPECIFIC MIXTURE
For the '¦ cure of GONORRHOEA. CJLEET9.
STRICTURES and analogous complaints o£ the
Organs of Generation. .--. .' •
¦v Price Jl a bottle. • For saU : by dnigxlsts.
i Purely vegetable, mild - and reliable. Cause
¦ perfect •digestion, complete- absorption -and
healthful regularity. - ' - \*f*tL!lLf*W~*0'*nmim«H
• For the cure of all disorders of the Stomach.
Liver/ ¦ Bowels, Kidneys. . Bladder. Female Ir-
regularities, Sick : Headache. Blllausness, Con-
stipation. 'Piles and . all ¦- derangements of- the
i Internal Viscera. - 25c a box. At Drugrgints.-'or
' himolLr »., RADWAX & CO.. New York.Trunks and Valises.
If you are going to buy a trunk or va
lise,.buy it .where youcan get a good one
for; the ¦> price*» that r you would ) ordinarily
pay. for a "poor one.* We carry the largest
line; of pocketbooks, etc., ; In the city and
stamp .your ; name in " gold . letters free of
charge ¦. on all ¦ leather, goods purchased
at i our store. ; Sanbonv Vail &. Co.: 741
Market ': street. >jammi-' ¦•- "¦ ¦. ¦' - , -i • ¦ *.
."•: Five-mile ;> handicap, '-'professional — Won", by
Tom'. Butler/ 200 s yards; v' Oscar 25
yards, second ; Charles ; Hadfleld, 230 : yards, 1
thirdTime, 11:08 2-5.
Half-mile, open, professional— Won by. Al
Newhouse, ¦; Buffalo ; . Frank ¦'' Kramer, second ;
Bob .Walthour.thlrd.*!;: Time,' 1:11.-. s y ;
Tom Butler,' another; old-timer," scored
his first, win of the year: in the -. five-mile
professional handicap.'-" Kramer and : Klm
ble were on scratch,; but quit riding after
going a 5 mile, nearly five miles'But
ler lagged along and spurted for the tape,
with . Oscar. Aaronson, beating him out by
a head. ¦ Summaries: ;
¦ NEW ! .YORK, Aug. 19.— Al Newhouse,
the .cycle sprinter from ¦ Buffalo,' * flashed
across the' tape at Vailsburg track to-day
winner of ¦ the open . half-mile professional
race. - Frank Kramer was just one foot
behind, and, lapped on hla wheel.rlding
like, a. wild man, was Bob Walthour." The
race was in heats. /For: the final heat six
of the; sprinters lined .up— Newkirk, Wal
thour, Krebs, Kramer, Klmble and New
house.fpSiHHBHBHfegnHBBKH^HBUnifS
burg;. Track.
Exciting Cycla: Races on th« Vails-
NEWHOTJSE WINS.
Weak Team of California Cricketers
Is Beaten by a Wide
Margin.
The California cricketers met the Pa
ciflcs yesterday for the fourth time this
season, and were beaten in a two-innings
match by eight -wickets. The Callfornta3
were without the services of Dickcnson.
Reynolds or Howard and, though they
beat the Pacifies by. three runs on the
first Innings, on the second they were de
feated by a wide margin. The score of the
Californlas In their first innings was 50,
and in their second 57— a total of 107; the
Pacifies made 47 in their first Innings and
went in for the second time with Cl to
make to secure a victory. These were
made for a lossof only two wickets. Slo
man and Guild did all the bowling for the
Californias, while Casldy. Coles and Wil
lis were the Pacific bowlers. full
tcores follow:
CALIFORNIA CRICKET CLUB.
First Innings. A
E. G. Slomani run out..... 10
O. Guild, c. Casldy, b. Coles ••fi!'
A. S. Wills, b. Casldy 8
J V Bird, c. J. J. Theobald, b. Ca«Idy 0
W. Ileed. b. Coles •••.. 10
J.Urown, b. Cole* «
A. Montague, b. Coles *
j. Turner, c. Selwood, b. Coles.. .' 1
F.' Houston, Bt. Myers, b.' Coles : 0
J. Medcraft. b. Casidy.. :........" 0
R. Alken, not cut 0
Extras .••••••• •••• # *
Total ••••• 50
' Runs at the fall of each wicket— One for 0,
two for 13. three for 13, four for 15, five for 39,
nix for '*\ seven for 47. eight for 48, nine for
60, ten for 50.
SUMMARY OF BOWLING.
Bowler- B. R. M. W.
Casldy • 84 ¦ 36 1 3
Coles ..................... 60 10 3 6
Coles bowled 1 wld* and.l no ball. ;*
PACIFIC CRICKET CLUB.
First Innings.' ;
J. My*rs." c. Medcraft, b. Sloman. ........... . 8
C. P. Coles, c. Reed, b. G." Guild ¦ 7
H. C. Casldy, c. and b. Sloman... 6
A: w.v-WHdiny, run out..... ...........;...;.. .6
D. Jamieson. c. Bird. b. Sloman. 11
J. J. Theobald, c. Bird. b.. Sloman.... ....... 4
W. Henderson, b. Sloman.... > 0
A. I!. Willis, absent 0
W. McDonald, b. Guild ...;..;r..;.;;. .. 2
W. G. Selwood, not out....................... '1
G. Coles, b. Guild....... ..::..... 0
Extras 2
Total .............*......;............ 47
Runs at the 'fall of eachwicket— One for. 16,
k two for 1G, three for 23, four for 2S, five for 43,
EASY VICTORY SCORED
BY THE PACIFICS
Etx for 43, seven for 45, eight for 45, nine for
47, ten for 47. j
SUMMAIIY OF BOWLING. "
Bowler— B. R. M. W.
Guild S3 it 1 8
Slomnn .....v... 64 23 2 5
Sloman bowled 1 no ball.
CALIFORNIA CRICKET CLUB. "U:
>i".v" Second Innings. ;:.-.
Sloman, b. Coles........... 5
Ueed. I." b. w.. b. Coles..:.......:....... 1
Guild, c. J. J. Theobald, b. Coles.... ' 1
WI11IS..C. Wlldlnir, b. Casidy 1
Montague, b. Coles....... 12
Brown,- c. Henderson, b. Willis 4
Bird. b. Coles..... .' 15
Alkeri,* b. Coles 9
Turner, at. Myers, b. Coles.... 2
Medcraft, b. Casidy.. 0
Houston, not out 0
Extras ;.. .- '. ..„• 7..
Total B7
Runs at the fall of each wlclcet— One for 2,
two for 4, three for 7, four for 9. five for 20.
six for 28. seven for 50, eight for S3, nine for &5,
ten for 67. ' .
- SUMMARY. OF BOWLING. ¦ : '¦
Bowler—' B. R. • ' M. ¦¦ W.
Casidy ...60 18 1 2
Coles T7V.: .:...:.:..... ee 17 2 ~ "i
Willis '.. .....is is — 1
' PACIFIC CRICKET CLUB.
- . ' Second • Innlto. ''"''¦'¦,
CaBldy.'b/' Sloman, 7; Coles, b. Sloman, 1:
Jajnleson.'not .out. 38; Theobald, not out, 16:
Myers. ¦Wilding. McDonald. Willis. .Henderson.
Set wood and U. Coles did not bat. -Total for
two wickets, 62, .
' Guild . bowled 39 balls, 89 runs, and Sloman
26 balls. 24 runa and^ 2 wickets.
P1TTSBURG, Aug. 19.-P. C. Knox. a
member " of the Allegheny County ' Bar,
to-day broke ; the world f s record by' per
sonally driving his trotting team, Wert
and Dr. s. Leek, a mile In 2:10%. The
world's professional record was made in
1886 by Gears, driving Justina and Lady
Mac a mile in 2:12V4.
The trial - to-day, while . not a technical
test, was made for the purpose of break
ing the record and was in the presence of
forty . spectators on- the . Brunot Island
Gentlemen's l>rivinff Park mile track.
Twenty watches were held on the horses,
and a . large majority , of -them recorded
2 :105s*
Trotting Team.
Good Time '-¦ Made by P. C. Knox'i
BREAKS WORLD'S RECORD.
Welterweights Matched.
DETROIT, Aug. 19.— Matty Matthews
and Jim (Rube) Ferns have agreed on
terms for a contest for the world's wel
ter-weight championship and a purse of
fered by the Cadillac Athletic Club of this
city. August 30, durlncr the Knights of
Pythias celebration. The men will meet
at 142 pounds.
Burns Pierce Defeated.
PROVIDENCE, R. I., Aug. 19.— At .'
the Hill's Grove track this afternoon Nel
son easily defeated Burns Pierce by near
ly three laps In the fifteen-mile motor
paced race. Nelson rode In 25:49 1-6, low
ering the previous record of 27:04^, heid
bv Pierce. -
He Carries Off Two Medals at the
.Final Meeting of the
Season.
The Lincoln Gun Club held its final shoot
of the season yesterday at Ingleslde. Two
events were '-., decided, the twelve-man
shoof- for L the Neustadter trophy and the
100 novelty, medal ".shoot. The novelty
shoot I was composed : of live events— a
twenty-bird shoot, twenty birds reverse,
twenty birds expert, twenty birds Sargent
system; and- ten, pair, doubles. • All of .the
contests were won by Nauman. In the
novelty shoot' he won by^a score of eighty,
and \ also won the Neuatadter trophy by a
big, margin. .. Heidelburg came second In
theformer event by the good score of 74.
A number of .the sporting goods houses
contributed prizes," which were awarded
by .: Secretary. Foster at the close -' of the
day's sport. _V -
: The results of the novelty shoot are as
follows:
NAUMAN IS CRACK SHOT
OF LINCOLN GUN CLUB
W. Ehrenpfort Celebrates Seventy-
Third Birthday by Making
Three Good Shots.
The different shooting clubs held their
regular shoots at Schuetzen Park yester
day. The booths were filled with enthu
siastic marksmen and many good scores
were made.
The monthly bullseye shoot of the San
Francisco Grutli Shooting Club took place.
The prizes were won in the following or
der: A. Gehret. Joseph Furrer, L. Hauser
Thomas Simmen. Aug. Studer, Charles
Gut. O. Lindor and A. von Wyl.
The regular monthly bullseye shoot of
the California Schuetzen Club resulted as
follows: D. B. Faktor 1000. A. Hanysel
815. Ktehmuller 2326. C. Meyer 1443. T. J.
Carrol 2033. W. Nolden 244. C. Jones 8CT,
C. J. Walden S24. J. C. Waller 975. F. E.
Mason 76S. Mcl-aughlln 375. Jungblutt 2013
A. Bertelson 71" >t Captain Attinger 1001. F.
A. Schrumpf 1516. CaptalmKuhls 5SG. L. C
Babin 1245, A. Rahwyler 963. G. Tammeyef
1053. H. Enge 525. J. Kuhlmann 2977. J. Ut-
Fchig 9S1. J. "Werne 2G05. C. Sagehorn 1537
A. Gehret 491. A. Burmeister 7S0.A. Streck
er 2S3. O. Bremer 238. A. Utschig 1681 F
Schmid 1595. M. Retibold 1S49, J. Backmann
1176. R. Turklng 1C32, J. Horstmann 143 J
Eckmann 1330 and A. Braulng 2299. ' jl
Horstmann made the best shoot of. the
day, with 143 to his credit.
The monthly bullseye shoot of the San
Francisco Turners' Schuetzen Club was
nlso held and resulted as follows* H
Knge <U2, Lieutenant Kommer 779 *Cai>^
tain Attinger 11SG, G. Tammeyer llis
Finking 1596. F. Klatz 1724. O. Burme!ster
1450, A. Utschtg 19SS, F. Schrumpf 213S
Drum cops: George Krueckel 568. Ben
Jonas 122S. Fred Krueckel 1469.
A Jolly timp was had in the shootinr
pavilion by William Ehrenpfort and hi!
many friends. The occasion was the cele
bration of Mr. Ehrenpfort's seventv-third
birthday, and he distinguished hlm«elf by
making three pplendid shots, one in fact
being a dead center bullseye. Mr Ehren
pfort was heartily, cheered by his friends
and was presented with a beautiful
wreath.
The Marln County Schuetzen Club Sec
tion looked lonesome with only three
marksmen to tear the targets to nieces
What they lacked In numbers, however',
they- made up in enthusiasm and Improved
work. This club is comparatively a new
institution but it already gives promise
of developing some good shots. Held was
first, AY alden second and Jones third.
SUNDAY SCORES MADE
AT SCHUETZEN PARK
DATE OF THE SHARKEY
FIGHT AGAIN CHANGED
ageraent Decides to Sold Match
on Friday, as Was Origi
nally Planned.
N'EW YORK. Aug. 19. — The manag-e
ment of the Seaside Athletic Club has
again changed the date of the Fitzsira
mcnF-Sharkey f.pht. The date origrinally
set for the contest was Augruet 24, but on
account of the preat crowd that would
be drawn to the island on the 25th to see
thp Futurity run at Sheepshead Bay race
track the management, with a view of
obtaining an increased attendance, made
tii«* date of the lx>ut Saturday. August '&.
Tno Seaside Athletic Club now an
nounces that In compliance with a general
request th<> fight will take place on the
original date. Friday. August 24.
COLUMBIA PISTOL AND
RIFLE MEN WIN PRIZES
T>orrell and Mannel Do Best Work
With Bifle and Becker With
lUyolver.
Thp Columbia Pistol and Rifle Club shot
yesterday at Harbor View. The conditions
were unfavorable for high scores. Dorrel*
carried off first honors with rifle and Man.
nel with the 22-rifie. Becker took the lead
with the revolver and Young with the
pistol. The scores are:
rifle. 200 yards— A. B. Dorrell, 64, 63; C. M.
DalFH, «4, 73.
Back Haps medal scores — C. M. Ratas, 67, 76;
A. B. Dorrell, 69; A. J. Brannigan. 88; Dr. J.
F. Twist. 16S; G. HoadSey, 1C2: N. Robinson.
1C0. Itt.
Military and repeating rifle medal. Creed
moor count— P. Becker (with 30-30 carbine), 4$,
44. 45.
Fistol medal. 50 yards— F*. O. Young, 40. 4G.
47. . r 2: Dr. J. F. Twist. £8. 60. 64, 66. S3; G.
Hoadlpy. 61, 61, ES; P. Becker, 71; Mrs. G.
Mannel. 72.
Record scores — N. Robinson, 60, 82, SS; Mrs.
Mann«l, 77: A. J. Drannican, 9S.
ttack class medal !>eore*— C. M. Pals*, 57, 60;
Dr. Twist. 63; Dr. H. \V. Hunsaker, 72 (with
revolver): A. J. Brannican. 92; G. Hoadley,
73; N. Robinson. 104; J. R. Trego, M (with re
volver). •
22 and '25 caliber rifle medals, 50 yards— O.
Mannel. 20, 21, 22. 23. 34; A. B Dorrell. 22. 2S,
30, 21; Dr. J. h Twist. 24. 27. 33; Mrs. Mannel,
«: N. Robinson. M: Miss ChlMs, 63.
Tebeau Resigns.
ST. LOUIS. Aug. 19.-01iver (Pat) Te
bpau. manappr of the St. Louis National
League .Baseball Club, tendered his resig
nation to President de Haas Robipon to
day. Mr. Robison immediately appointed
John McGraw to succeed Tebeau. Te
benu has been connected with the old
Cleveland and the St. Ixmis. teams for
eleven years.
CINCINNATI MOVES UP.
at Chica§ro.
CORIIECT STANDING OF THE CLUBS.
Garvin Saves the Bay for His Team
Club*- W. L Pet.: Clubs- W. L. Pet.
Bmoklyn 57 3S -CM Boston 47 4% .4*4
Pittplmr* 54 « .K.7. Cincinnati ..44 M .4C3
Philadelphia 47 4€ .U 5 Ft. I>JUis .. ..42 50 .4J6
Chicago 48 4S .SW New York ..36 55 .3&«
CHICAGO. Aug. 19.— The visitor* ootbatted
Chi<v»jrr> to-fiay. but were niutbla to connect
with Garviri when men were on bates. The long
pitcher Furprised everybody by makintc a clean
hit In the fourth, scoring what prov«d to be
the wlnnlne ran. Attendance. 2000. Score:
ClubJ^- R. H. E.
Chicago 2 8 1
New York 1 9 1
Batteries — Garvln and Chance; Carrlck and
Grady. Umpire — Swartwood.
FT. LOUIS. Aug. U.-List!e«* fleldlnj In the
•arly part of the game was responsible for St.
Louis' defeat. Powell «n hit hard. Attend
ance, £200. Score:
Cluba— J It II E
Bt. Loula 8 11 i
Cincinnati .-. • 12 1
Battert** — Powell and RoMnaon: Scott and
Peitz. Umpire— Hurst.
American League Game.
KANSAS CITY. Mo.. Aug. 19.— First
game, Kansas City. 3; Minneapolis, 8.
Second game, Kansas City, 11; Minneapo
lis. 4. "
CHICAGO Auk. W.-Flret game. Chi
ea-gro. 2: Milwaukee. 3. Second, Chicago.
0; Milwaukee. L
BUFFALO, Auff. IS.-BufTalO, 14; In
dianapolis. 0.
DF.TKOIT. Aug. 19.— Detroit. 3; Cleve
land, 1.
In the Handball Courts.
Twelve games was the llmfl reached by
the handball players at Phil Ryan's hand
ball court, SOS Howard street, yesterday
afternoon. Following are the scores:
M. Levv «r,d P. O. Wurkhelm .-... 21 21 21
E. L»v«r* and B. Meyer* 20 11 £7
T. Serref and J. Glynn Jl jj »j
\V. Johnson and O. Green i\ 21 15
FYench game, 2H-!nch ball:
F. Tihista and M. Ellcihe 75 ace«
L. Jarue and J. Erraxnuspt 45 aces
M.' Joyce and E. McGlnty 21 21 jj
J. KoJey and M. Klrby 1» 10 14
H. J. Hcs-em and E. J. Murphy 21 21 21
R. Longibach and J. lirady U 18 \\
TC. PoUdori and J. Fltipatrick SI 21 ro
G. McDonald and P. McKlnnon 17 it '21
G. B. Hayward and D. J.
Bhe*han 21 21 21 20 21
L Waterman and W.
Fisher 10 It 15 21 n
G. R. Hayward and D. J.
Sheehan 21 21 21 20 21
J... Waterman and Vt*.
Fisher 1» 1« IS 21 17
E. White ana T. Foley 21 U 21 U 21
J. Condon and G. B. liar
ward - » 21 14 21 IS
D. Connelly and O. Ma-
Ifulre 21 21 IS II 21
J. Lawlee. and W. Walsh.. 17 14 21 21 12
3 Glynn anfl J. KlUlan.. 21 21 21
\V. Johnson and C. L*kln 1* lv 18
J. Rlorfion and R. Murphy 21 II 21 21
J. ecllin* and E. Curler 1< 21 It i»
Dispute of Passenger
and Conductor Will
End in Court.
RINGS FARES AS
A SWEET REVENGE
JOSEPH VAN MOHR, a clerk,
took a novel means of vent
ing his spite on a street car
conductor whom he thought
wae robbing him Saturday night,
and his overweening desire for re
venge landed him behind prison
bars at the California-street police
Ptation, charged with malicious mis
chief.
Van Mohr boarded a Kearny
street car near the corner of Sac
ramento Btreet, and before Wash
ington street was reached had a
dispute with the conductor. J. F.
Hillard. The passenger claims he
paid the conductor 10 cents, but
when he held out his hand for the
change the railroad company's
agent had a laraway look In his
eye and went on about his work re
gardless of the outstretched palm.
Then he poked the man with the
br&RS buttons In the ribs and made
a demand for 5 cents.
"What 5 cents?' asked the con
ductor, aghast. "This company
does not refund fares. Once.lt gets
Its flr.scrs en a piece of money it
holds on to It."
Van Mohr ptill Insisted that: he
had handed over 10 cents, and the
conductor was equally confident
that he had received : only half of
that amount.
"Well, I'll copper that nickel all
right," said Van Mohr, purple with
rage. "At any rate you will "have
to turn It in to the company." <--
The enraged passenger grabbed
the cord attached to the register
and rung up several fares. He then
jumped from the car. but at the in
stance "of the conductor was arrest
ed by Officers David. Murphy; and
Thomas W. Handley on' r Montgom
ery street. His case will come up In
the Police Court to-day.
"NAPA, Aug. 19.— The Calistogas and Ori
oles of Napa played a baseball game here
this afternoon at the East Napa ball
grounds. The Callstoga boys won by a
score of 11 to 7.' It was the first game
of importance played here this Reason and
was witnessed by a large crowd. .-.
COLUSA, Aug. 19.— The second game of
the Northern California League was won
by Colusa. Score: Colusa 6, Orovllle 4.
MARYSVILLE, Aug. 19.— The home
team suffered defeat at the hands of the
Sacramento Athletic Club In a close and
exciting game". Score 7 to 6.
BADEN, Aug. 19. — The Boscos 'beat the
Baden team this afternoon after a close
and exciting game. Score 15-14.
HAYWARDS, Aug. 19.— The D. P. Car
ters defeated the Palmtags and Heyers
to-day by the score of 16-6.
Minor Games.
bases by allowing three hits in succession
Hughes distributed the confetti, filling the
off his delivery and then passing three
men to first. Score:
STOCKTON.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
McCarthy, 1. f 4 12 0 10 0
McGucken, c. f 3 2 10 3 0 0
Pace, c 3 1 3 0 6 2 0
Rtrelb, 1 b 4 1 0 0 9 0 • V
Pyne. r. f 4 0 0 0 0 0 0
Babbitt, ft. s 4 0 0 0 5'0 0
Moore, 3 b... 4 0 10 2 2 0
Courtney, 2 b 2 0 2 0 2 10
Harper, p % 0 0 0 2 5 0
Totals 31 5 9 0 80 10 0
. SACRAMENTO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
McLaughlin. 1. f 6 1 11 1 0 0
lJevereaux, 3 b 4 1 0 0 0 0 1
Eagan, s. s 3 0 1 0 0 11
Hughes, p 4 0 2 2 2 5 1
Stanley, c 8 0 0 0 7 10
Doyle. 1 b 4 0 1 0 14 11
Stulz. 2 b 3 0 0 1 16 0
Pitt. r. r 4 0 10 2 10
Dennle, c. f 4 0 0 0 3 0 0
Totals 34 2 8 4 SO 15 4
SCORE BY INNINGS.
Stockton ..1 00010000 3—6
Base hits 1 0 0 12 0 1112—9
Sacramento 0 0 0000002 0—2
Base hits 1 10000102 1—6
SUMMARY. I
Responsible for runs— Harper 1, Hughes 3.
Sacrlnc hits— Pace 2. Pyne. Courtney, McGuck
en, Harper. McCarthy. Strelg. Eagan. Double
plays— Stulx to Doyle. Pitt to Doyle. First
base on errors — Stockton 2. Left on bases —
Stockton 7. Sacramento 5. Struck out— By Har
per 6, by Hughes 7. Base on balls— Off Harper
3. oft Hughes 4.. Hit by pitcher— Harper. Mc-
Gucken. Passed balls— rPace 2. Wild pitch-
Hughes. (Pyne ran for Courtney.) Time of
game— Two hours and eight minutes. Umpire—
J. Donahue. "Offlcial scorer— A. H. Harlin.
FAXCIES OF THE GAME.
Ep«"«-1r! I>if=p«tcl» to Th* Call.
SAN JOSE. Aug. 19.— Tne racing pro
prarr.me for the coming Agricultural Dis
trict Fair of San Mateo and Santa Clara
countios has been completed and em
braces eight trotting and racing events.
Four thousand dollars has been offered
5n purnos, and all the leading racing men
of the coast are expected to bring their
fliers here to complete for the money.
Entries for the trotting and pacing
events will close on August 27 and for
the running races on September 5.
On Saturday, October 6, and thereafter
running races trfi] take place over the
inside track, which is being especially
preoared for their accommodation.
In the prr>sran^m<» there are arrangre
imms for four trotting races eacb day
and six Ftake races for the runners.
The following Is the programme of the
trotiinp and pacing events:
No. 1, Z:\1 clas>s, trotting, purse $W0; No. ?,
2:15 r',i«, trottinc. purse, $jf<fi; No. 3. 2:22 cla*5,
trotting, purse $J00; No. 4, 2:30 class, trotting,
].urs<> jr^OO; No. *.. preen three-year-old* : No. 6.
2:11 class, pacing, purse $500; No. 7. 2:21 class,
racing-, puree $500; No. 8, green class, paring,
I'UTTf fi-00.
Liberal Purses Offered and All the
Leading Horsemen Expected
to Make Entries.
PROGRAMME ARRANGED
FOR SANTA CLARA FAIR
STOCKTON, Aug. 19.— The Senators lost
to Stockton to-day in a ten-inning game
after making two runs In the ninth, tying
the score. In the tenth the mighty Jay
Stockton Wins.
Runs responsible for— Borchers 3, Knell 6.
Home run— Krug. Three-base htt«— Schwartz,
Held. Two-base hits— Arrellanea, Sullivan.
Francks.«Drennan (2), Bowman. Sacrifice hit —
Kane. First base on errors — San Francisco 1.
First base on called balls— Oakland 4, San
Francisco 3. Left on bases— Oakland 3, San
Francisco 5. Struck out— By Borchers 6, by
Knell 3. Hit by pitcher — Arrellanes. Double
plays — Drennan to Swindells to Franeks to
Swindells; Reilly to Pabst to Krug to Sullivan
to Reilly. Wild pitch— Knell. Time of game—
2:00. Umpire— O'Connell. i Official •corer— H. S.
McFarlln.
SUMMARY,
Totals 30 5 8 0 21 16 1
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Pan Francisco 0 2 0 3 0 0 0—5
Base hits 1 2 13 0 0 1—8
Oakland 2 0 0 4 0 2 1—9
Ease hits 2 0 0 3 2 3 2—12
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Broekhoff, c. f 4 0 1 0 1 0 0
Hildebrand, r. t 4 0 1 0 0 10
Schwartz, 2b ; 3 0 10 14 0
Pabst, lb 4 0 0 0 7 10
Sullivan, c 3 2 2 0 6 2 0
Levy. 1. f 4 10 0 2 0 0
Krucr. s. s 3 1 2 0 2 2 1
Reilly, 3b 3 10 0 2 3 0
Knell, p 2 0 10 0 3 0
SAN FRANCISCO.
Totals 29 9 12 0 »22 12 3
•One out In «i?hth when game was called.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Drenntn, e. f 3i 1 > 2 0 3 >'1> "0
Kane. '3b 10 0 0 0 0 0
Hutchinson, lb 3 0 0 0 9 0 0.
Franeks, s. s ...3 2 3 014 1
Arrel!an«v 2b....... 3 2 3 0 1 2 1
Swindells, c 4 10 0 S 4 0
Bowman. 1. t 4 0 2 0 0 0 0
Held. r. f 3 2 1 0 0 0 0
Borchers. p 3 1 10 0 0 0
Lange, 3b 2 0 0 0 0 11
OAKLAND.
Knell was so easy to find on the Oak
land grounds yesterday morning that but
seven Innings of ball could be played. It
¦was not the commission of errors that
lost Frisco the game, but the stalwart
stickwork of the Oakland players.
Borchers did the box act for Oakland
and his performance, although not strong
in the beginning, ended well. The fourth
was his worst inning, when three runs
on as many hits gave the local men the
only encouragement afforded by the game.
The feature of the game was the home
run of Krug, who swatted the ball to the
far-away center field fence. Sullivan was
on a sack at the time..
The game was a mere preparation for
uncle Henry's dose of misery to come.
The score:
Oakland 9, San Francisco 5.
MORNING QAMEu
Runs resTKmnible for— Ibure 2. Mosklman 5.
Homo run— Pabst. Two-baee hits— Arrellanes.
Kruff, Reilly. Brockhoff. Swindells. Sacrifice
hit— Hildebrand. First base on errors— San
Francisco 2. Oakland 7. First base on called
bails— San FranclRco 4, Oakland 1. Left on
bno.-o— San Francisco 7, Oakland 7. Struck out
—By Iburg 3. by Mosklman 3. Hit by pitcher-
Sullivan. Double plays— Franeks to Hutchln
non: Moskiman to Franeks to Hutchinson. Wild
pitch— Iburgr. Time of same. 2:00. Umpire—
O'Connell. Offlcial Scorer— J. W. Stapleton.
SUMMARY.
San Francisco 3 002 0 10 0 1—7
Base hits 6 10 3 0 110 1—12
Oakland o 0 0 0 0 0 8 3 •— 11
Base hits ...o 110 0 0 7 2 •— 11
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Totals 40 11 11 0 27 15 I
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Drennan. cf 4 0 0 0 3 0 0
Lar.go. 3b 4 2 0 0 0 10
Hutchlnson. lb 5 2 2 0 10 1 0
FranckF. s. s 5 110 4 6 1
Arrellanes. 2b 5 1 S 0 3 3 1
Swindells, c 5 1 2 0 4 0 0
Bowman. If. 4 1 0 0 2 0 0
Held, rf 4 10 0 10 0
Mosklman, p 4 2 3 0 0 4 0
Totals 36 7 12 2 24 14 7
OAKLAND.
AB. R. BH. SB. TO. A. E.
BrockhofT, cf 8-210201
HUdebrand. rf 4 0 2 10 0 0
Pchwarts. 2b 5 110 2 2 0
Tabst, lb 5 110 9 11
Sullivan, c » 0 0 0 Z 1 0
Levy, If 4 0 10 2 0 0
Kruc s. a 4 13 14 3 1
neilly. 3b 4 2 2 0 15 4
Iburgr. p 3 0 10 12 0
Knell, p l 0 0. 0 0 0 0
SAN FRANCISCO,
But this was not all. In the very next
Inning the mild-mannered Dudes rubbed
the acid Into the flesh by scoring three
more runs. Then came the ninth, when
the pulse of the crowd raised some few
degrees. Pabst. who separated the ball
from the grounds In the first Inning, had
a life's chance. He struck out, and now
the little dog carries his tall beneath
him. The score:
Think of it! Eight runs— by Dudes, at
that— In a single Inning. Seven times
they shot rockets and ground works with
in the fence lnclosure. Fourteen tlmea
at bat, the Dudes became legsore from
coursing the sacks. Uncle Henry dropped
heavy beads of cold sweat that- symbol
ized a book of ireful emotions. Every
Brummel in the crowd seemed to find the
ball and soak it to the fence. Rube Levy
tried a one-hand stunt, but the ball was
free from glue. Brockhoff had his hands
on a low drive, but failed to hold. To
have was not to hold with Frisco yester
day. Josh Reilly juggled, lost control of
his top-piece and gave the scorer work on
the last column. All was wrong and the
tide of black sorrow swept over Hank to
submersion.
Whoever said that- there were nine In
nings to a baseball game knew whereof
he spoke. Until the seventh at Recreation
grounds yesterday afternoon the Dudes
were in but not of the game. Iburg was
touched but twice and the fancy dressers
from the noisy town couldn't make a
round trip to save their hides. But this Is
where Iburg fell, and many a local youth
will have to look for another diamond
Idol on whom to bestow his admiration,
adoration and adulation.
Pabst, who found the grounds too small
for his stick efforts early in the game,
lost his eye and failed to strike at two
good ones. The third he struck at, but
swatted only the Inoffensive air. Then
the local side of the bleachers said some
thing not nice and the Athenians swelled
with pride fend Joy. The game was over
and it belonged to the Dudes.
The rooters were frantic. It was Fris
co's last chance with the stick and Mos
klman had weakened. When they took
stands on the bags and the "Brewer"
came to the plate every boy, woman and
gray-whiskered fanatic in the crowd stood
up and yelled their throats dry.
Three yellow-capped pretzel-eaters
crowded the sacks, yet Pabst struck out.
Not a man had perished and the score
was five against the Frisco team.
Oakland 11, San Francisco 7.
Special Diwateh to The CalL
NAPA Aug. 19.— About twenty-five
members of the Bay City Wheelmen of
San Francisco arrived in Napa this morn
ing at 11 o'clock, having made the run
to this city from Vallejo over the new
cycle path that was recently constructed
between Vallejo and Napa by two clubs
representing those towns.
A committee from the Eagle Cycling
Club of this city met the Bay City boys
at Napa Junction and escorted them to
Naya. Here they were Joined by other
members of the Eagles and the run was
continued to Napa Soda Springs, seven
miles distant from here, where a lunch
eon wae partaken of and several hours
spent in enjoying the sights and pleasures
that are afforded guests at that resort.
Tne visiting wheelmen made short stops
at Napa berth in going and coming from
the si'rings. They expressed themselves
as well pleased with the new cycle path
and enjoyed their ride over it very much.
It is claimed that as soon as the track
packs hard and more cinders are put on
it will be very easy to make fast time be
tween Napa and Vallejo by wheel. It is
intended next spring to place more cinders
on the Nana end of the path.
The Eagle Cycling club of Napa is much
gratified with the expressions of satis
faction made by the Bay city cyclers
relative to the condition of the track, be
cause the Eacl«-s were Instrumental in
raising the money expended on it from
tho citizens of Napa.
The Bay City bovs are the first to make
a Hub run over the new path, and their
opinion as to its condition and usefulness
will have grrat wricnt as to its future.
Bay City Wheelmen Enjoy
the Run From Vallejo
to Napa City.
Entertained by the Eagle Club Mem
bers Who Are Gratified by
Praise for the
Track-
MAKE THE FIRST
RUN OVER THE
NEW CYCLE PATH
things which are a source of much anxiety
and refrret to a larjre circle of your admlreri
and adherents in this city. AH indications
point to the fact that you are posing as the
head and front of the Ciimmizis-Kelly faction
on the "Fire BUI." Now you know what thl»
means. It fills your friends la this city with
mortification and surprise to see you in such
an attitude. For years we have been labor
ing to overthrow Buckleyism and put down
just such methods as that bill La designed to
build up. Rowdy rule In San Francisco
reached such excesses that the better element*
from both parties got together last November
and buried it out of slffht. The promises of the
Republican party, and Just such men as your
self, went far toward effecting this result.
We said, as Republicans, to the ontrased
people: "Give us a chance to run the city
and State once more and see what w« will do
for reform and decency and honesty." The
r coi>le took us at our word and trusted us.
What Is the result? It is not mor* than two
months since the new order of thlnjrs berun
and there are already indications of a concerted
and far-reachin* scheme to restore Buckley's
methods and sink the State and municipal gov
ernment into a worse condition of debauchery
than ever— If such were possible.
In this city the ring Is alreafl* formM In
th« School Board and in the Board of Super
visors. Employes are paying; a percentage of
their salaries to the bosses at the City Kail -
and Jobbery is in the air. In Sacramento thw
conditions ire even worse. The Lrglslaturo
is not redeeming Its promises to the people. .
Bills are hanging fire which should go
through with a bound, and ugly, snaky leg
islation is cropping out In dark place*, ret
ting its inspiration from, the hands of unscru
pulous manipulators. The people are Justified
in suspecting that there is "boodle" In Sac-
r smfnto And svispic! 011 will hftvo «'Tin nc** 1 * to
conviction unless some healthy, honest meas
ures are soon taken up and passed.
Now. Judge, you cannot afford to stand In
with these pirates. Associations with Crim
mins and Kelly mean political death to you
and the forfeiture of the good opinions of your
thousands of friends throughout this district
It means more: The Republican party Is on
its last legs in this State if men like you fatl
to live up to Us high promises and permit Its
councils to be debauched by Jobbers ami cor
ruptionists who have entered Into secret league
with Sam Rainey and the devil. The renta
ble element in the Republican party experts
you to continue to train with It In opposition
to barroom politics and polluting boss meth
ods. If you fail to do this you will ro down
as ceitainly as went down from hts asso
ciation with Buckley, and you deserve it.
• • •
You must pardon my vehemence in this mat
ter, but I mean it; and If I did not frankly
unbosom myself to you I would not certainly
be the friend which I profess to be. Very sin
cerely yours. SAMUEL W. BACKUS.
The political camp followers who never
come out openly and take part in affairs
until events foreshadow the winning ele
ment are leaving Kelly and Crlmmlnsi.
During the past twenty- four hours Alfred
Bouvier chairman of the Republican
County 'Committee; James A. Wilson
secretary and A. Ruef. who introduced
the proposition to create a special com
mittee of eighteen to guard against fraud.
have received many assurances of politi
cal svmpathv from those who have hith
erto been non-committal, pe fact is well
known to the rounders that Kelly and
Crimmins. Who expected to capture th«
works are on the losing end. Kelly can
be defeated In his own stronghold, the
Twentieth District. If the straight Repub
licans of that district will simply put a
Bood ticket in the field and participate In
the election. The boss programme to send
rounders from the Twenty-eighth and
Twenty-ninth to the Forty-first District
to help Dibble out of his trouble will have
no force, an the returning board has given
notice that fraudulent returns will be
thrown out. '
• <.
Republicans throughout the city art
preparing for the primary election which
will take place next Friday. August 24.
According to the provisions of the call
adopted by the Republican County Com
mittee there shall be two polling places
in each Assembly district. The polls will
be kept open continuously between tho
hours of 7 a. m. and 6 p. m. It is pro
vided in the official call that all tickets to
be voted lor at said primary election shall
be filed with the committee on or before
12 o'clock noon. Wednesday, August 22.
1900. and all votes cast at said primary
election for persons other than persons
whose names appear upon one or more or
such tickets shall b« counted as scatter
ing.
Kepubllcan citizens who desire that good
and true men shall be sent to the State
and local nominating conventions should
confer with the county committeemen In
their respective districts to the end that
the tickets may be completed -within the
time prescribed.
Harmony Committee Meets.
The committee appointed to promote
harmony in several districts where strife
is threatened met yesterday afternoon and
the members exchanged views. The com
mittee consists of T. H. McCarthy. A.
Kuef, I. J. Truman Jr., J. F. McGlynn
and William Metzner. In several of the
districts conflicting interests have been
reconciled. The declaration openly made
by the special committee of eighteeen,
which was recently appointed by Chair
man Bouvier. gives assurance to worlt
ingznen, merchants, business men and tax
payers generally that the votes fairly cast
at the primary will be honestly counted.
The assertion that fraudulent impersona
tion, repeating and stuffing will not be
tolerated will encourage good citizens to
go to the polls and participate In the
election.
Bosses Are Disgusted.
Martin Kelly and Phil Crimmins are dis
gusted with the edict that ballot box stuf
ting shall not be tolerated. Kelly's idea
or a ballot box is something that was
made to be stuffed. Yesterday he was
sending out his henchmen from the Mint
saloon to persuade weak and timid county
committeemen to attend a caucus of bolt
ers to-morrow night. The official call of
the Republican State Central Committee
has been contemptuously cast into tho
cewer by Crimmins and Kelly. They have
ordered a Fourth Congressional JDistrict
primary with a view of creating a con
vention to nominate Senators and Assem
blymen. Kelly is calling to his assistance
all those who Joined him in kniflng Hor
ace Davis and supporting Phelan at tn»
last municipal election.
Will Not Take Orders.
Several county commlt*eemen who
voted against the adoption of the official
call have announced that they will not
take orders from Kelly and Crimmins, but
on the contrary will sustain the chairman
of the committee and his advisers in ef
forts to secure a fair and square primary.
It is worth noting that most or the re
cent trouble in the Republican County
Committee was caused by Dibble, who
was not willing that the county commit
teemen of the Forty-first should appoint
the election officers of that district. Dib
ble wants to be returned to the Legisla
ture, and stands ready to sacrifice every
thing 1 else to gratify his own ambition.
Scathing Letter to Dibble.
The following letter from General S. W.
Backus to Judge Dibble, written in 1>91.
will indicate about the time that the latter
elected to cast his political fortunes with
Crimmins and Kelly. The letter ought
to be carefully read by every voter In the
Forty-first District:
rOSTOFKICK. SAN FRANCISCO. Cal.. Feb.
11. 1S31.
Judge H. C. Dibble, Sacramento. Cal.— My
Dear Judge: I trust you will pardon me for
saying in a straightforward way as a friend
and without any Jusellnef of words, a few
ing Time That Dibble Deserted
the People and Joined
the Boodlers.
Letter From General Backus Indicat-
Ballots Must Be Uniform
and Filed by Wednes
day Noon.
TIME LIMIT IN
FILING TICKETS
FOR PRIMARY
The second race of this season of the
San Francisco Yacht Club from Vallejo
to Sausalito took place yesterday. The
yachts were divided into two classes, the
small class including the cutter Folly and
the smaller sloops enrolled in the club,
and the large class including the schoon
ers and big sloops. As I. Gutte's schooner
Chispa was the only one of the big boats
that went up to Vallejo on Saturday
night, there was no race in the large
class; but the small boats had an ex
citing and interesting- contest. The start
was across an Imaginary line drawn from
the gangway ol the receiving ship Inde
pendence to the Vallejo shore, and,
though the official starting time was
10:15 a. m., by mutual agreement among
tne owners a start was made at 9:30, time
being taken by Commodore W. J. Woods
of the Vallejo Yacht Club. The sloop
cygnus, sailed by ex-Commodore T. to.
Hill, who has just returned from Europe,
crossed the line first, followed by the
cutter Folly, sailed by George D. Camp
bell; the sloop Siren, sailed by J. M. Pun
nett; the sloop Thetis sailed by R. S
Brldgeman; the sloop Catherine, sailed
by Archie Sutherland, and the sloop Sur
prise.
After leaving Mare Island Straits the
cutter Folly went to the front and looked
like a winner, but her skipper. Instead of
going over to the Marln shore, kept to
the Contra Costa side and was gradually
overhauled and oapsed by all except the
Catherine and Surprise, which were dis
tanced. There was a nice sailing breeze
and smooth water until about half way
across San Pablo Bay, but from there on
the neas were heavy and the breeze very
stiff and in spots exceedingly puffy. On
coming out cf Mare Island Straits the
ploop Siren ran into the sloop Thetis, but
neither sustained any serious damage.
R. S. Bridgeman s Thetis made an ex
cellent trip, beating the fleet by nearly
an hour, actual railing time. Siren fin
ished only IS seconds ahead of Cygnus.
but heat her by 2 minutes 27 seconds cor
rected time. The length of the course is
; estimated at twenty-six nautical miles
and the race was begun on the ebb tide, :
but finished against a strong flood. L.
Q. Haven was Judge and R. B. Hogue
timer. The full details are given in the
table:
San Francisco Tacht Club — Race from Vallejo
to Fausalltn:
The Chispa Was the Only One of
the Big Boats in the San
Francisco' Second
Regatta.
Bridgeman's Sloop Beats the
Fleet by Nearly Whole
Hour.
SPEEDY THETIS
WINS RACE FROM
THE NAVY-YARD
Open stake, second round— R. E. de B. Lo
pez's Peplta beat E. M. Kellogg's Iowa Boy.
3-0; G. Nethercott's Floodgate beat E. M. Kel
logK's Sweet Emma, 14-3; Curtis & Son's Can
delarla beat T. Tierney's Tea Rose, 8-2; Lowe
& Thompson's Scotch Reel beat F. A. Mc-
Comb's Patriot. 9-4: J. Simon's Mayflower a
bye; J. P. Thrift's Brutus beat Sterl &
Knowles' Rusty Gold, 6-4; R. E. de R Lopez's
Whitehead beat Curtis & Son's McKlnley. 5-2;
Curtis & Son's Maud S beat R. E. de B. Lo
pez's Sara, 6-2; B. Silver's Re-Annex beat Rus
sell, Allen & Wilson's Victor Boy. 5-0; Curtis
& Son's Flying Fox beat F. A. McComb's
Motto, 5-4; Walsh & Heenan's Sacrmamento
Boy beat Sterl & Knowles' Sleety MUt. 8-1;
Sterl & Knowles' Olita beat J. Carroll's Auck
: land. 6-3; J. R. Smith's Sylvanus beat Lande
! & Gerber's Mount Ida, 5-2; AV. Creamer's On
ward beat J. R/ Smith's Jennie Wilson. 10-0;
F. A. McComb's Royal Flush beat J. Sutton's
Master Lawr»nce. 5-1; Curtis & Son's Anchor
beat J. Byrnes' Battleship. 5-4; L. F Bartels'
Best Bargain beat Captain Cane's Miss Pen
man. 7-2; Lowe & Thompson'* Flora McDonald
; beat Pasha Kennels' Reve de Amour, 7-4; T.
! J. Cronln's Wild Tralee beat G. W. Helntz's
High Jinks. 5-2: P. J. Rellly's Royal Union
beat R. E. de B. Lopez's Crawford Lad, 12-8;
H. A. Deckelman's Rocker beat Pasha Ken
nels* Rollicking Airs. 6-4; B. Geary's Palo Alto
beat Pasha Kennels' Royal Anne, 6-0; F. A.
McComb's Sir Pasha beat P. J. Rellly's Th«
Orafter. 6-0; R. L. Taylor's Mose beat Russell,
Allen & Wilson's Master Claire, 7-5; H. A.
Deckelman's Lawrence beat George Whitney's
Theron. 14-4: J. L. Ross' J L R beat D. E.
Wiley"* High Born Lady. 4-3: T. J. Crontn's
Vandal beat C. B. Charlesworth's Crawford
Braes, 5-0; Pasha Kennels' Rural Artist beat
D. Winders' Random Aim, 6-0; H. A. Deckel
man's Snapshot beat J. Potter's Palmflower,
10-0: Captain Cane's Master Davenport beat
Russell. Allen & Wilson's Julius Caesar. 6-4;
J, Sutton's Herschel's Pride beat H. Lynch's
.Lexington, 4-3; Connnell Brothers* St. Helen
beat T. W. Uartels' Mac's Melody, 7-5.
Third round— Floodgate beat Peplta, 12-5:
Candelarla beat Scotch Reel. 6-0: Mayflower
beat Brutus, 3-1: Whitehead beat Maud S, 5-0;
Flying Fox beat Re-Annex. 4-0; Olita beat
Sacramento Boy, 9-1: 8ylvanus beat Onward,
7-6; Royal Flush beat Anchor. 7-0; Flora Mc-
Donald beat Best Bargain. 6-4; Royal Union
beat Wild Tralee. 4-2: Palo Alto beat Rocker.
12-5; Sir Pasha beat Mose, 7-6; J L R a bye;
Rural Artist beat Vandal, $-0; Master Daven
port beat Snapshot. 8-S: St. Helen a bye. I
Fourth round — Condelarla beat Floodgate.
; 5-O: 'Whltehead beat Mayflower. 9-3: Olita beat
Flying Fox. 7-4; Sylvanus beat Royal Flush,
3-2; Flora McDonald beat Royal Union. 4-3;
Palo Alto beat Sir Pasha. 6-3: Rural Artist
beat J L R. 10-6; St. Helen beat Master Dav
enport. 8-0.
Fifth round — Whitehead beat Candelarla, 6-2;
Olita beat Sylvanus, 4-0; Palo Alto beat Flora
McDonald. 3-2; St. Helen beat Rural Artist,
4-2.
Sixth round— Whitehead beat Olita. 6-5; Palo
Alto beat St. Helen, 4-3.
Deciding course— Whitehead beat Palo Alto,
5-3.
So far as speed figured. Geary's fast
Palo Alto certainly far outclassed any
greyhound on the card In the finals of the
big open stake at Union Coursing Park
yesterday, but hesitating and laying off
the came, a fatal habit with him, cost
him the flag in the deciding course with
Whiteheud. Coursing throughout the day
was of the hign ciass and it is doubtful
if a better programme was ever run olf
in this State.
Tha running of Palo Alto was the day's
feature, and the way he showed the route
to the fastest of them was a treat. He
gave an idea of what* speed he possesses
when he beat Rocker in the third round.
He opened up a gap that would cause the
distance flag to ue dropped in a trotting
match, and made Rocker look like a ship
at anchor, and at that JDeckelman's dog
can move along these days.
In the final Whitenead figured on the
short end at 4 to 1, and this, even consid
ering his last work, seemed a fair price.
Palo Alto; after showing the speed, played
the waiting game and allowed Lopez's dog
to score until the hare reached the escape.
The red flag showed that Palo Alto had
paid the penalty.
Sylvanus made a good showing, and by
his fast work reached the fifth round. The
speed is in him, but he lacks gameness
and is not overfond of work. The talent
sized him up right in his go with Olita in
the fifth. He had just beaten Royal
Flush, a 4 to 1 favorite, and was on the
long end in this course. The dogs ran an
undecided, after which the talent, know
ing his weak spot, reversed the odds and
made Olita favorite. It was a wise move
—Sylvanus was beaten pointless.
Flora McDonald showed well and
reached the fifth round,, where she went
out to the runner-up in a short go. St.
Helen got the same treatment in tne next
round. She did well in the stake.
Whitehead was in good condition and
showed himself capable of classing- with
the top notchers.. The day's results, with
Judge John Grace's official scores, follow:
Fine Programme of Coursing Bun
Oft in Finals of the Big Open
Stake at Union
Geary's Dog Shows the
Speed, but Loses Stake
by Waiting.
WHITEHEAD GETS
THE FLAG FROM
FAST PALO ALTO
The Local Team
Broke ImtoMamy
I BURG IS HAMMERED IN THE
SEVENTH BY DUDE BATSMEN
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, AUGUST 20, 1900.
6
II
lala
? I -
m
58
II
o
If
CO*
NAME.
*3
I
•A
•<
5.
I-
0. Feudner
Bekeart ; . .; :....:...
Bchultz
Webb
Golctier ........*..........
Forster
Brims ...................
Nauman
Heidelberg -
Monk; :....... :..'...
Klevesahl '. .'.'.". . .'. .........
F: Feudner . .............
Haight ............:....
Smy the - .". .'. ........ .;,: .
15
15
IS
1(5
15
17
19
14
14
15 16
13 11
15 17
13 13
13 11
12 14
10 13
13 17
13 15
15 14
13 13
10 15
16 16
10 12
14
12
11
1G
14
IS
15
IS
1G
14
16
18
17
12
13 73
9 GO
12 67
14 74
13 67
12 71
7 «2
15 80
18 74
15 70
13 .-;.
13 73
12 78
12 SS
17
17
7
II
lala
? I -
m
58
II
o
If
CO*
NAME.
*3
I
•A
•<
5.
I-
0. Feudner
Bekeart ; . .; :....:...
Bchultz
Webb
Golctier ........*..........
Forster
Brims ...................
Nauman
Heidelberg -
Monk; :....... :..'...
Klevesahl '. .'.'.". . .'. .........
F: Feudner . .............
Haight ............:....
Smy the - .". .'. ........ .;,: .
15
15
IS
1(5
15
17
19
14
14
15 16
13 11
15 17
13 13
13 11
12 14
10 13
13 17
13 15
15 14
13 13
10 15
16 16
10 12
14
12
11
1G
14
IS
15
IS
1G
14
16
18
17
12
13 73
9 GO
12 67
14 74
13 67
12 71
7 «2
15 80
18 74
15 70
13 .-;.
13 73
12 78
12 SS
17
17
7FRENCH LEAGUE SPENDS
A DAY ACROSS THE BAY
OAKLAND, Aug. 19.— The funeral of the
late General John Heuston Jr. was held
this ' afternoon from the Church of the
Adveat, East Oakland, the Rev. William
C. Shaw officiating. The Episcopal rates
for funerals were observed.
There was a large number of friends
present at the services. The pall-bearers
were Dr. J. H. Todd, A. F. Rodgers, W.
Lyon. C. Bartlett, Dr. Randolph. L. A.
Booth. W. C. Chopin and A. H. Grimwood
FUNERAL OF LATE
~;v GENERAL HEUSTON
XVIII.
Reconstruction Views of Lincoln and
Johnson.
President Lincoln set forth In his first
Inaugural his belief that the Union could
not be broken by any so-called ordinance
of secession In one or many States. The
illegal and rebellious acts were regarded
as those of assemblages of Individuals,
and not of the corporate States as such.
This was the view commonly adopted in
the North at the time. But to Lincoln's
practical mind it seemed, when concrete
questions of restoration were to be defi
nitely decided, that this theoretic position
respecting the status of the disloyal
States 'was "a merely pernicious abstrac
tion," which he "purposely refrained
from discussing." Still the steps which
he had taken before his death toward the
reinstatement of the disorganized States
of Arkansas and Louisiana were In appar
ent harmony with the prevailing theory
of the early years of the discussion.
It is stated that Andrew Jackson held
similar views as to the indestructibility
of the Union, but he reached his conclu
sions by a different line of reasoning and
supported them in so intemperate and
overbearing a manner and with such ex
aggerated deference for Southern State
rights principles that he was soon em
broiled-in an unseemly quarrel with the
party which had adopted him. As a Hfe-
The President's power of removal from
office was made subject to the approval
of the Senate, and he was practically de
posed from his command of the army
and navy. The fourteenth amendment,
designed to Insure the right of suffrage
to the negro, was passed and ratified,
though several States rejected It: and In
March. 1S67. the great reconstruction bill
was carried through, 'which divided the
South Into military districts under otll
cer3 of the army and gave entire control
of the condition of the Southern State*
] to Congress, which body pledged Itself
Congress was determined to carry
through its own policy of reconstruction
and used its legislative power to pre
vent the success of that which th* Presi
dent had inaugurated. Admission of
members from the reorganized States was
delayed while bill after bill was passed
whose purpose was to secure what tha
radicals deemed the rights of the freel
men. These bills were one after the other
returned with the President's veto.
Kxcitement ran high over the elections
of 1S66 by which a new House of Repre
sentatives was to be chosen. The Issue
was that between the executive and tho
Legislature. The body of the Republican
party rallied to the support of CongTess.
while the Democrats and a faction of the
Republicans stood by the President,
though not a few who inclined to hla
views of the constitutional points Involved
in the quarrel were driven by his ill-tem
pered and violent speeches Into the ranks
of the radicals. The new House was over
whelmingly Republican and Congress
continued to pursue Its own way regard
less of the President's wishes. It passel
over the veto the bills that were deemed
necessary to control the conduct of the
Southern State governments. It also
turned its attention to measures for re
stricting the scope of Presidential au
thority. Congress was to meet henceforth
on the 4th of March 'nstead of In Decem
ber, so that It could constantly exercise
restraint over the President.
Impeachment of th» President.
country was pacified, the self-government
of the States re-established and the di
visive subject of slavery on the point of
permanent elimination from national
questions. Nor were they prepared to re
spond promptly to his request that they
should permit the States whose power*
had been so long In abeyance to resume
their places In the national Legislature,
"and thereby complete the work of res
toration." Not only was Congress dis
satisfied with the acts of the new Souta
ern Legislatures but with certain proc
lamations of the President also, which
gave to delegate conventions or Legisla
tures In the reorganized States power to
prescribe the qualifications of electors
and office holders. This was contradictory
to a doctrine held by the most radical
members of the Republican party— thae
the enfranchisement of the negroes fol
lowed necessarily upon emancipation. As
suming that by secession a State de
stroyed, all Its constitutional rights as a
member of the Union they declared the
whole matter of the civil and political
rights of the inhabitants of the rebel
lious States to be in the hands of the Fed
eral Government and that the Govern
ment was bound to guarantee to the freed
men equal rights with the whites. Tho
seceding States, having destroyed their
statehood by their own acts, were no
longer States, but Territories, to be read
mitted Into the Union upon such terms as
Congress might choose to impose. Upon
these Issues the legislative and executive
departments of the Government Joined
battle. The President was irascible and
violent. Congress was suspicious and un
yielding and the breach was continually
widened.
AMERICAN POLITICAL. PARTIES.
Copyright, 19OO, by Seymour Eaton.
REORGANIZATION AFTER THE WAR.
Young CalifornJan Drowned in 'Midocean After
Having Been Twice ¦'•Shanghaied"
fi=3R0M out the sea world of tne mariners has come a man. buffeted by
p^ the squalls of many climes, who presents to sorrowing relatives the
I! solution of the mystery surrounding the disappearance nearly two
years ago of deorge E. Fisher, a youth formerly well known in San
Francisco. The lad, who longed to become a soldier, died a sailor after be
ing twice shanghaied, and his bones rest forever at the bottom of the ocean
off the South American coast.
George E. Fisher was the nephew and adopted son of George Fisher of
Niles and nephew of Charles Fisher of the well-known liquor house of Ros
coni & Fisher of this city. When the war with Spain broke out he wanted
to enlist In the National Guard, but was refused -because of physical disa-
blllty. In November, 1S98, he disappeared from home and was not heard 7
from again until he wrote to his adopted father from the Mariners' Home in
Liverpool saying he had been shanghaied at Astoria by a man named Lar
ry Sullivan and was then trying to get a berth on a ship bound for. Mobile."
From that day nothing was heard of the lad until yesterday, when a man
named Max Lentz. now at the Sailors' Home, told the rest of the story.
"I was In Mobile about the beginning of the year," said Lentz. "How it
happened I don't know, but one morning I found myself aboard the British
wooden bark Stadacona and bound for Buenos Ayres. In the same predica
ment as myself was a lad named George Fisher. He told me he was from
California and was on his way home when the "crimps" caught him.
"All we could do was to make me best of the matter, but Captain D. M. ,
Cogswell (the sailor only gives the surname, the Initials being taken from
Lloyds' register) proved to be a tyrant and we had a terrible time. We left
Mobile on February 10, 1900, and on March 27 we were within about a month's
sail of port. The captain wanted the old wooden box painted up and he or
dered a Staging rigged over the Side. The rope used was the oldest on the
bark and some of it had been spliced and spliced* again. Captain Cogswell
seemed to have taken a dislike to young Fisher and everv chance he got
ordered him over the side. Fisher was hard at work- painting when the
working of the ship caused the spliced rope to part and the young man
disappeared. When the Stadacona was hove to there was no trace of the boy.
"The Stadacona reached Buenos Ayres on April 30 and the' first chance
we got I and two others left her. When the American ship "Edward Sewall
put In with her cargo heated we got on her and came to \ San Francisco.
I think, and so did everybody aboard the Stadacona, that .Captain Cogswell
was morally responsible for the death of George Fisher. The Stadacona
was not properly found, for had she been that rope would 'not have parted
and the young man would not have been drowned." .
In a memorandum book kept by young Fisher and brought to California
by Lentz the young man notes under the head of "Mariners' Home, Liver
pool," that he wrote to papa and Uncle Charley." The next entry shows
him in Mobile and very friendly with a man named "Jack Holmes." The
last entry is "Latitude 11, N longitude, 25 East." This must have been about
the position in which the Stadacona was when young Fisher was lost
overboard.
The Stadacona left Buenos Ayres for Santos on June 26 and from there
will probably go to Europe with nitre. She Is a Nova See Jan bark, owned
In Barrsbro.
RABBI MYERS TALKS ?0N
"THE JEW AND THE BOXER"
Draws Parallel Between Movement in
China and Persecution of
Hebrews.
Rev. Isadore Myers delivered an Inter
esting discourse at Ohabai Shalome Tem
ple last night on the subject, "The Jews
and the Boxers."- He drew a parallel be
tween the movement of the Boxers
against the Christians In China and the
persecutions to which. the Jewish race has
been subjected for many centuries. He
ascribed ' the cause of the massacres by
the Boxers to the interference of foreign
ers with their cherished ideals.
"The term Boxer is synonymous with
extreme fanaticism and intolerance," said
Dr. Myers. "The Boxer spirit Is an old
institution and goes back to the time of
Nimrod. who persecuted Abraham; to
Pharaoh and Hainan, who slew the Israel
ites.. The history of the Jews for the last
1700 years has been one unvarying expe
rience of Boxerism. The police of the
world have driven the Jews from corner
to corner, to be burned, to be driven into
the sea and expelled at a moment's no
tice. The Jews have ever been the vic
tims of intolerance and fanaticism. It is
that spirit which compels people to change
their religion under pain of death or os
tracism. Let us be thankful that the spirit
of Boxerism is dead in the two Anglo-
Saxon nations— America and Great Brit
ain. It is fortunate that the laws in these
two countries are made for all men alike
but let us not be too sure that the times
will not cause a change, for It is difficult
to kill the spirit of fanaticism."
GEO RG E FIS H E R'S FATE
IS TOLD BY A SAILOR
Japanese to Be Taken Up as New Course at the
State University— Chinese Graduate From
Stanford Made Instructor in Cantonese.
REALIZE THE IMPORTANCE
OF ORIENTAL LANGUAGES
Professor Ebstein of Gottingen advises
pecjr-* who have reason to dread corpu
leate—especially young persons — to take
preventive measures in time by exercis
ing their muscles, eating in moderation,
avoiding eweet things, eating slowly and
masticating thoroughly and avoiding too
OAKLAND, Aug. ; 19.— Mrs. Amanda J.
Hill, wife of BdwardR. Hill, the artist,
died suddenly at imidnight. at her, late
residence, 209 Howard' street The cause
of death Is supposed to : have • been heart
disease. Mrs. Hill was seized with severe
spasms early In the evening, but •' appa
rently recovered from them. A few. min
utes "before her death she suffered a very
severe attack, which > resulted fatally.
Coroner Mehrmann will hold an Inquest.
SUDDEN DEATH OF
MRS. EDWARD R. HILL
BERKELEY, Aug. IS.— Japanese Is to
be taught in the University of Cal
ifornia. Under the department of
Oriental languages "and -literatures
a course is offered this term for the \ first
time. -This places : Berkeley among the
few " Institutions :' in America where the
Japanese tongue la taught.
Russia and Germany have, realized from
a r commercial -standpoint f the lvalue •; of V a
knowledge of Japanese - among; their peo-"
ples^ and have, founded schools, for. Its
study. Other nations have neglected (this
and these two '¦.. .countries : are •'. leading * the
world in ; the trade^wlth Japan. STheJlm{
portance.of , the study of Japanese in; the
United: States; especially, in the .West. , led
to the introduction of ,, the subject I In the
ranged. to suit the students. .
In . the i Oriental r department Walter N.'
Fong • has ; been appointed • the new assist
ant in the Cantonese dialect. Two courses
are , offered ? of * three hours each, one an
elementary ! and " th9 other an advanced
course, i This Is the second year .the Can
tonese dialect has ;been \ taught, but the
first;under;a;Chinese instructor.
: £Mr. -Fong is .& graduate 'of * Stanford
with the class of '96. receiving at that time
hi? A. . B. -; He ' completed j the ; preparatory
department of the University of the : Pa
cific in 1S92. 1 - Mr.- Fong, came to this coun
try^ from -i China .when quite ' young. ¦¦ : •, He
speaks ¦- the > ~ English : language with the
ease ; and • fluency, of c an .American.;
%: The : Cantonese i dialect .'" -' is " the r tongue'
spoken! by most? of, the. Chinamen in- this
country,- In \ Honolulu ."Australia^ the , Phil- ;
ippines.ithe Straits i Settlements: and? In
Southern Qhimun^l^ggy*!
The^new, course will be taught by Yoshi
Kuno, v • a | native ; of . the - flowery kingdom:
Mr. Kuno graduated from the State Uni
versity^, with theiclasB of '97, receiving the"
degree l of ; B.;; S. at ' that : time, v - In 1899 ' he
completed' the natural science course, j re
ceiving; his : degree. ,; Before com
ing; to thlsl country :"Mr.{ Kuno i graduated
from a ' school in Japan ' corresponding to
the German ; Gymnasium:^ He- entered : the
State University/ fronT the Berkeley i High"
School. ..¦ For^the last ; two ' years Mr.-; Kuno
has ~ been : " assistant f at '',„_ the Vstudents', ¦ ob-^
servatorjv; but at the request of ; Dr.* r ' John
Fryer, head ; of ' the department,
has - given % up * his Z astronomical '.: ihstruc- ;
tlon forjthe 'present Ito • teach". the "• class* in
Japanese!" / l i The 'i course ' 1 will ? consist A of;
three ! ' hours " a % week,': classes? to" be ar
¦ ¦¦-¦ ¦ - ¦• - •¦ . ..-. -..--•--.¦
TWO MEN OF MON-CrOLIAN BLOOD WHO WILL TEACH LANGUAGES OP OBIENT.
Healthy for Tears.
'Goldfish are easily kept alive and heal
thy for many years if one only knows
how to do it. "Goldfish," says an expert.
"should never be kept In the so-called
globe, or circular aquariums. Constantly
swimming around the vessel, they ex
haust themselves and die. sometimes after
a couple of days. Square aquariums are
best, and the vessel must t>e properly
filled with gravel and aquatic plants, the
more plants the better.
"Furthermore, the fish should never be
kept' in running water, and the water
should never be changed more than twice
a year, provided, of course, the aquarium
la properly constructed and has the neces
sary amount of gravel, aquatic plants and
the like. If this be the case, the carbonic
acid pas exhaled by the fish Is inhaled by
the plants in the water, and the oxygen
given out by the nlants Is breathed by th«
fish, thus producing an equalization that
keeps the aquarium In a healthy condi
tion and obviates the necessity of chang
ing the water.- ¦ .
"When It Is necessary to change the
water It should be done . In a warm
room, and the fresh water, must not be
of lower temperature. In changing: the
water the fish mlpht easily catch cold, a
trd"e to be avoided. :!DM«MW
"There should be a number. of tadpoles
in every aquarium. They not only eat
the waste ms»t«»r»al. but they form an
interesting sub.iect of observation when
chnnetnr from the tadpole Into the frog."
— PhlladelDhla Incmir«s.
WEST OAKLAND VALUES
ON THE UP GRADE
f OAKLAND. Aug. lS.-Property owners
Tt-<-.*t of Market street are encouraged
ever the developments of recent date
whtreby stimulus has been given to val
ues in that section of the city. Notably
the completion of the grain warehouses
of Balfour, Guthrle & Co. at the foot of
Filbert etreot has been an element, while
the late announcement that the Pac-mc
TJail Steamship Company proposes shortly
to use Long wharf for transshipping
cargo is a second factor In. the situation.
Both of these propositions mean em
ployment for many men, which is certain
to have a beneficial effect. • ....
The tone of the real estate market Is
fairly pood. Without any special epurt
there is a regular demand for medium
Fixed residence properties. House rent
ing improves.
The Bacon estate is rushing work upon
the improvements of Cavalry Hall.
The Macdonald-Henshaw syndicate an
nounces that the new electric railroad to
Point Richmond will be constructed as
toon as franchises through Berkeley,
Kmeryvllle and Oakland are obtained. The
conditions of the Contra Costa County
franchise require that work be com
menced within six months and that the
load Ehall be completed inside of two
years. The company will pay $100 for tho
franchise, 2 p*r cent of the net receipts
for five years, and agreees to maintain
tleclric liehts at five crossings.
BERKELEY. Aug. 19.— To-morrow will
be a day full of activity for the freshmen
of the University of California. On that
day they will assemble at 11:15 a. m. In
the Harmon Gymnasium to meet the
President, the deans of the colleges, their
instructors and advisers. President
Wheeler will deliver an address to them.
They will then be registered and formal
ly become students.
At 8 o'clock in the evening the gym
nasium will be the scene of a great rally
given by the upper classes to the fresh
men. Professor Henry Morse Stephens
of Cornell University will be the princi
pal speaker. Ralph T. Fisher, president
of the Associated Students, will preside
and other addresses will bo made by Pres
ident Benjamin Ide Wheeler, Football
Captain Charles A. Prlngle. Baseball Cap
tain William Hunter, Track Captain Will
P. Drum and Track Manager Ezra De
coto.
From 8:20 a. m. until 4:30 Monday after
noon intrants can procure registration
cards In the gymnasium.
Committees of upper class students from
the Young Men's and Young Women's
Christian Association will be present to
assist freshmen in making out the regis
tration cards, which will be filed by 4:30
o'clock. I ¦:.-¦: *¦. '
At 11:15 a. m. to-morrow the university
cadets in uniform, with the exception of
the Treshmen. will assemble at the flag
pole, where Captain Henry DeH. Walte,
the new professor of military science and
tactics, will be presented to them. V, a
FRESHMEN WILL MEET
PRESIDENT AND FACULTY
EDWIN M. STANTON.
tp admit to the Union any State -which,
cfcider prescribed conditions, should form
a State government and ratify the four
teenth amendment.
All this only exasperated and enraged
the President, and his Irritation mani
fested Itself In his conduct toward In
dividuals. Ve had taken a particular
aversion to Secretary Stanton and asked
for his resignation, which was refused.
Then, added to what had gone before,
his repeated efforts to remove the Sec
retary in defiance of law led the House
to a resolution that the President should
be Impeached before the Senate for high
crimes and misdemeanors. The trial was
begun In March, 1868. but after more than
two months It appeared that there was
not a two-thirds majority for conviction
and a verdict for acquittal was rendered.
The Election of 1868.
In the midst of the tension of public
feeling over the Impeachment trial the
Republican convention met In Chicago.
The Congressional plank of reconstruc
tion was approved and General Grant
was nominated for President. The Demo
cratic convention demanded Immediate
and unconditional representation In Con
gress for all the States, -with the power
of self-government and the regulation of
suffrage by each State for itself. Hora
tio Seymour of New York was the can
didate. Grant received 214 electoral
votes. Seymour 80. but several of tlie
Southern States had not been readmitted
and were not allowed to vote. Tha di
vision between the parties was drawn by
the question of reconstruction alone. Pro
fessor Johnston says: "As the issue be
tween the parties was distinctly made,
the result of the election would seem to
settle the rule that any State which for
mally casts off allegiance to the Federal
Government and is compelled to submit
must be readmitted by Congress In much
the same manner as a Territory applying
for admission as a State."
JESSE MACT.
Iowa College.
Bright Eight-Year-Old Girl
With the "Brownies."
RARE TALENT OF
A LITTLE DANCER
Mrs. Inez Castro Schmidt Makes a
Sensational Attack on Her
Husband's Companion. »
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
111S Broadway. Aug. 19.—
A dark shadow in the form of a woman
has come between Inez Castro Schmidt
and young Harry Schmidt, her husband,
whose^name graces the City Prison reg
ister with a charge of battery against it.
A happy home has been broken up, and a
young wife's pitiful Etory of hardship,
abuse and neglect Is the culmination of
what she declares is her spouse's infatua
tion for another woman.
The troubles led to a street Bcene late
last night at West Oakland, when Mrs.
Schmidt and her mother-in-law discovered
young Schmidt and his inamorata stroll
ing arm-in-arm along Seventh street. The
wife made at once for the woman, while
a great crowd collected to witness the
hair-pulling match. Angered beyond con
trol, Mrs. Schmidt tried to reach the cause
of her troubles, but the husband managed
to keep the furious woman off, while he
skillfully piloted the other out of harm's
way.
The mother and the wife returned to the
residence of the elder Schmidts, at Sev
enth and Campbell streets, being followed
later by Schmidt. There was another
quarrel, and then cries of "Police!" dis
turbed the air. A patrolman hastened to
the house, and upon complaint of Mrs.
Schmidt arrested her husband, who, she
charged, had brutally choked her because
she had remonstrated with him about his
conduct. • ,
Schmidt was formerly a confectioner in
this city. His wife is a daughter of the
house of Castro, one of the earliest of the
Spanish families. Their home was formerly
on the San Pablo rancho and the head of
the house counted his wealth by hundreds
of thousands of dollars.
Until lately the Schmidts had been re
siding at 658 Twenty-first street, near
West. But the domestic difficulties caused
the breaking up of the home, and Mrs.
Schmidt with her three young children
sought refuge with her husband's pare/its.
Schmidt is out of Jail under bail. His
case will be heard to-morrow in the Police
Court. The woman in the case Is known
as Mrs. Kane.
WIFE BEATS THE WOMAN
WHO BROKE UP HER HOME
ANDREW JOHNSON.
long strict construction Democrat, he
mtiintalned that the corporate relations
of the States to the central Government
had not been interrupted by the war and
remained Intact when hostilities ceased:
that the United States had no authority
to coerce a State; since the rebellious con
duct of individuals had deprived the peo
ple of certain States of all civil govern
ment, it had become necessary to enforce
the obligations of the United States to
the people of those States "in securing
them In the enjoyment of a republican
form of government."
"When Johnson assumed the reins of
government he was eager to hasten on
the work of reconstruction which Lin
coln had begun. As Congress would not
meet until December, the executive had
' for eight months a free hand. By mid
summer he had appointed provisional
Governors in all the remaining States of
the disturbed section, defining their du
ties and powers much as Lincoln had de
; fined those of -Johnson himself on ap
j pointing him Military Governor of Ten
nessee, and before Congress assembled
In December State governments had been
erected under • the President's proclama
tion and Senators and Representatives
from all the States lately in rebellion, ex
cept Texas and Florida, were ready to
demand seats In the National Legisla
ture. The political powers and privileges
in the several States were confined to
those who should take the oath of am
nesty but the number of loyal citizens
was swelled by the granting of special
pardons to many who were excluded from
a share in the restoration offered by the
general amnesty. The conditions imposed
by the President for the recognition of
the new State governments were ratifica
tion by the first State Leglslautre of the
thirteenth amendment, which made slav
ery forever illegal in the United States,
nullification of the secession ordinances
and repudiation of the war debt.
Status of Slavery and the Freedmen.
The emancipation proclamation of 1S63
was a purely military act. It destroyed
slavery only within the districts controlled
by the army, and did not affect it in the
loval States. Only as commander of the
military forces of the nation had the Pres
ident any power over the Institutions of
the States, and that power waa strictly
limited to the regions where the army
was actually In possession. Some of the
slave States not affected by the procla
mation soon commenced a legal process
of emancipation, but not until the adop
tion of the thirteenth amendment was any
legal standing given to the freedmen. Con
eress submitted the amendment In Febru
ary 1S65 for the action of the States, and
by December of the same year It had re
ceived ratification by twenty-seven States,
eleven being slave States and eight of
them those recently in rebellion.
Now at last slavery was dead, but In
dving it bequeathed a sinister legacy to
divide and embroil the estranged sections
and to delay the restoration of brotherly
relations— which is. indeed, hardly yet
complete A helpless horde of contrabands
and freedmen began early In the war to
embarrass the army and to gather along
the Confederate border. Private charity
under military protection did much to re
lieve their rcore pressing needs, and
Northern philanthropy at once entered
upon the task of educating and civilizing
them; but It was felt that they had a
rightful claim upon the Government which
had given . them freedom for some per
manent provision for their future. By the
establishment, in March, 1865, of the freed
man's bureau under the War Department
the Federal Government recognized Its re
sponsibility toward the dependent blacks.
The bureau was given control of all mat
ters relating 1 to refugees and freedmen
and abandoned lands from or within the
territory held by. the army. The act was
to remain In force for only one year from
the close of tho war. As based solely
upon the war powers of the Government,
It would necessarily expire with the return
of peace. So vague were the terms of the
bill that, while It availed to relieve the
immediate destitution of the negroes and
to inaugurate some measures for settling
them upon abandoned or confiscated lands
in the South, it did nothing toward estab
lishing: their rights before the law or de
termining their political standing.
The Bouthern States adopted constitu
tions prohibiting slavery and accepted the
thirteenth amendment. But to the eyes
of the watchful Northern friends of the
emancipated slaves the legislation which
immediately followed in several of tho
States seemed to Impose Inconvenient and
oppressive restrictions upon the colored
population which tended to keep them In
a degraded and practically enslaved con
dition. The Southerners denied any 'in
tention to do more than to provide for'the
absolutely necessary restraints up in a •.'la
boring, landless, homeless class," wholly
untrained In freedom. They showed that
the vagrancy laws which were bitterly as
sailed as intolerant and cruel were couchea
in almost exactly, the same terms as those
In - force in some of the \ Northern States,
and ; were certainly : no more severe. But
the * temper i of the Republican Congress
,was such that suspicion of Southern pur
poses respecting their, former slaves could
not be allayed, and a radical policy of re
construction..;, which " should retain the
South in a" condition of : subjection to the
Congressional will until that; body should
be satisfied as to the safety of the freed
men gained favor." :
Bsconstruction f Views of Congress.
TheTl Thirty-ninth I Congress . assembled
; December 4, 1S65. in no Chappy ¦ frame of
mind and not disposed to accept the Pres
ident's comfortable assurance that the
HEWS FROM THE
OCEAN AND THE
WATER FRONT
Ship Canada Is Having a
Hard Time Getting to
Manila.
Dismasted by Waterspout, on Fire in
Port, Again Dismasted in Gale,
She Now Hakes a
Fresh Start.
Few stranger tales of the sea will ever
be told than that which Captain Taylor
of the ship Canada will be able to relate
when his vessel gets here from the Philip
pines, if she ever does.
The Canada left Norfolk, Va., with a
load of coal for the United States war
ships in Manila Bay on August 27, 1S99.
Approaching the Leeuwins bad weather
was encountered, which was followed by
a dead calm. A waterspout came sailing
along and took the mlzzen mast out of
the ship. Early in May of this year the
Canada put into Melbourne. Australia, to
relit. As soon as she docked the coal was
found to be on tire and the vessel had to
be flooded. The coal was discharged, and
after the repairs had been made the coal
was put back again, and on May 23 the
Canada sailed once more. On June 26 she
was towed into Fremantle, Australia,
partially dismasted and in a generally
dilapidated condition. Yesterday the news
came that she had made another start for
Manila, but judging by her present
progress she will not reach San Francisco
before 11*02.
MAIL STEAMER PERU ARRIVES.
The Pacific Mail Company's steamer
Peru arrived from Panama and way ports
yesterday. She brings up about $102 in
treasure and the following named passen
gers in the cabin: Victor Trigueros, Sal
vador Trigueros, Francisco Herrera, Naz
ario Salaverrla. Mrs. Soledad Ede Herre
rias and four children, Marcelino Herre
rias. Miss Maria Escovar, Mrs. Clara Kil
dare. Miss Clara Kildare. Master F. Kil
daxe, Mercedes S. de Castello, Antonio
Salaverria, Carmen Rodrigues. Santiago
Rodrigues. Enrique Rittscher. Leon Lewin
and Victor Gomez. Besides these the Peru
brought twelve Europeans in the steerage
and four Chinese en route for Hongkong.
WATER FRONT NOTES.
The work of loading the Oceanic Com
pany's mail steamer went on all yesterday
and all la*n night. The vessel had to be
drydocked and overhauled, so she did not
get back to her berth until yesterday
morning. Thousands of tons of freight
were awaiting her on the wharf, and as
she sails Wednesday the work of loading
had to begin at once. The Australia will
get away on time.
Ensign Oscar F. Smith of the first divi
sion of the Naval Battalion was married
Saturday night to Miss Minnie Jansen.
All of Ensign Smith's brother officers
were present at the wedding.
The ship Willscott has been sold by
John Rosenfeld's Sons to Hume Brothers
& Hume. The purchase price is said to be
$90,000. The Willscott Is the British bark
that put in here in distress ¦while bound
from Japan to Portland in ballast. She
was dismasted and came in under a jury
rig. Later she was sold to the Rosenfelds
and put under the American flag.
Mrs. J. Cienega. a member of the Home
for the Blind at Oakland, fell and broke
her ankle at the ferry landing yesterday.
She was cared for at the Harbor Hos
pital.
Chatmcy S. Truax, a Prominent Goth
am Councilor, Explains Why
McKinley Will Be the
If ext President." -
Chauncy S. Truax. ."one of the most
prominent and wealthy attorneys of New
York, arrived from Washington State
yesrerday,, 'accompanied by his son and
daughter, and is stopping at the Palace.
Mr. Truaxhas- been oh the Sound several
weeks, inspecting timber lands, of which
he 'and. <jeneral Russell Alger are very
large holders. . Mr. Truax Is tiere for di
m version and this is his first .visit to San
• Pra.nci.sco. It is hardly necessary to say
* that the climate won his admiration the
first day. Mr. Truax is an. old-line Dem
ocrat and has some, pronounced ideas on
rhe political situation which he is not dis-
Inclined to make public, and which are
unusual.
"Yes." eaid he, "'I am a Democrat and
always have been, but I am not one of
Those Democrats who think that Mr.
Bryan will be elected in the coming elec-
. lion. I think there is no question that
. McKinley will be the next President.
There are many reasons for believing so,
luid I have no hesitation in stating them.
"In line with the declaration tha.t Mr.
McKinley will be successful. 1 am quite
Contident that the Republican candidate
will carry every State north of Virginia
and east of the Mississippi River. This
being the case, the West will cut no par
ticular figure. The Pacific Coast is ex
pected to return a solid delegation. Cali
fornia seems to be in the way of genuine
prosperity and not looking for a change in
ftdministration. and will doubtless be in
The Republican column. In Washington
State ine conditions are such that the
prominent Democrats freely declared to
me that there was no hope of the Demo
crats carrying the State. Oregon, of
course, will i»e for McKinley. as Indi
cated by the last State election,
"You ask what special reasons I have
!for expressing such radical views, in view
. of the fact, that I am Iiemocratic in poli
tics.
"A few weeks ago, just before I start
ed for the coast. I dined with seven other
well-known Democrats at the Manhattan
flub in New Y«rk. and in the course of
the dinner the subject of politics came to
"in? front and was freely discussed. When
we came to the wind-up it was found that
there was just one man in the crowd who
paid he proposed to vote for Mr. Bryan.
He was from Baltimore, and said a solid
South would he the Democratic candi
date's chare. Before the dinner party
broke up a Northern Democrat had
wagered th^ Southern Democrat $>?00 to
S10" that McKinley would be elected.
"This is merely Incidental as going to
y^how the temper of the intelligent classes
I <f the Democratic party. I am. further
¦"lore. convinced that Bryan will be de
bated because there v.-as a large section
c,f the Democratic party that supported
WfKlnley in the laft campaign who have
found no reason why they should not
vole for him at the coming election. The
country is enjoying extreme prosperity.
which should continue under the present
policy. Acain, I am convinced that there
nre many Democrats who voted for
Hryan whose observation? of the progress
of the country during the past three vears
will cause them to vote for McKinley this
year. I have met so many of them that
J have drawn my conclusions partly from
personal observation. New York will give
JlrKinley anywhere from CO.000 to 120.000
pluraiitv."
Declares That the Nebraska
Orator Has No Chance
: • Whatever.
BIG NEW YORK
DEMOCRAT SAYS
BRYAN IS LOST
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MO& DAY, AUGUST 20, 1900.
The Rev. Nelander Declares Every
Offender Nothing Less Than
a Criminal.
Rev. E. Nelander of the First English
Lutheran Church last night preached a
powerful sermon In favor of a better ob
servance of the Sabbath. He took for his
subject "The War on Our Sabbath," and
in part he said:
"With a solitary- exception every one
of the States of the Union has enacted
Sabbath laws. It is a dies non in our
courts and Legislatures. The seculariza
tion of the Sabbath is a violation of the
statutes of our State. Every Sabbath
breaker is a criminal and he who attempts
to override the lawa of the State insults
every American citizen. The fact that cer
tain European countries have little or no
Sabbath observance is not to the point.
This is America. Those who want a go
as-you-please Sabbath are welcome to en
joy it — by recrossfng the Atlantic.
"Even irreligious people would hardly
wish the Sabbath abolished. This was
done In the time of the French revolution,
when the Lord's day was erased from the
calendar, only to be restored after the mobs
had surged through the streets and the
gutters had run with blood. One such
experiment will answer for all time. The
end of the Sabbath would be for the
United States the beginning of the reign
of Mammon, Bacchus and Venus. From
such a fate may the God of Lexington
and Gettysburg deliver us." /
SABBATH BREAKERS ARE
CONDEMNED BY PREACHER
BATTALION OF
FIRST INFANTRY
AT PRESIDIO
Companies, Filled to Maxi
mum, Present a Fine
Appearance.
' Companies C and D of the First Infan
try from Fort Leavenworth arrived at the
Presidio yesterday afternoon . and went
into camp with their comrades of Com
panies A and B, who arrived late . Satur
day night. The four companies comprise
the First Battalion, of the First Infantry
and are commanded by Captains Robert
Getty and F. E. Lacey, Lieutenants J. N.
Pickering, J. B. Murphy and E. E. Car
roll. The men of this battalion are near
ly all recruits, but are a fine looking lot.
Four of the men ,were i sent to the Pre
sidlo in an ambulance, having been taken
sick en route. On examination at the
post hospital one of them was found to
have the measles and was immediately
isolated
It seemed like a special visiting day at
the General Hospital, so great was the
number that applied for passes. The
fruit peddlers disposed of their stock long
before the day was over, and every sick
and convalescent soldier could be seen
contentedly munching the grapes and
pears given them by the kind-hearted
crowd. . . ¦ ¦
Sixty-two cavalry horses purchased' by
Colonel Marshall in : the southern part of
the State arrived at the Presidio yester
day afternoon. A great many of the ani
mals lately purchased are to replace the
glandered animals of the Ninth Cavalry
that were killed.
Large Number of People Visit the
Soldiers in Their Camp and
the Sick in the
> -} , Hospitals.
The sixth annual picnic of the League
of Henry IV, a French benevolent organ
ization of this city, was given at Shell
Mound Park yesterday. Nearly three
thousand people attended and the day was
one of pleasure.
The prize winners In the various events
were as follows: Bar-throwing, Joseph
Barellles and E>. Lahaderne; high Jump-
Ing, C. Loustaunou; egg race, Miss C.
Dugan; girls' race, Miss C. Dugan; boys'
race, A. Bauchou; three-legged race, Emll
Blgue and Fred Coustette.
The officers of the society are: P. Bel
legarde, president; J. 8. Godeau. first vice
president; J. Merllette, financial aecre
trary; J. Labarthe, treasurer.
The receptloji committee for the picnic
was composed of P. B. Berges, J. Bayle
P. A. Beigerot.Dr. J. E. Artigues, Dr. K
R. Orella, Dr. A. Masson, L. B. Brun, J.
A. Bergerot. J. B. Lucaze, T. Lacoste. E
L. Bareilles. R. Aguirre, P. Blgue. L.
Chassagne. J. Godart, E. Blandulne, C J
Auger. B. Bauchou, Dr. L. Bazet, J
Bareilles. P. Calou, J. B. Chlcon, E. j'
Dupuy, L. Duprat. L. J. Hillon. J. Lama
net, J. Lacoste. X. Mefret, D. Poledorl
O. B. Porta, F. F. Terramorse and V.
Salet.
The floor committee was composed of
the following named: P. Arripe (man
ager), J. Longe (assistant manager). M.
Andlchon, Joe Banchou. P.Bellocq, L. feet
mon, F. Bordenave, P. Canblsens, P.
Duca3se, B. Dupuy, E. Hitte, A. Larquo,
J. Pouquette, C. P. Robert, B. Sans and
G. Palllet.
THE CALL'S
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
BLANCHE TRELEASE.
OXE of the clever little voca-Usts and
dancers of this city, Blanche Tre
lease. is now with "The Brownies
in fairyland" company at the Cali
fornia Theater. This young mlfs Is but
fc years of age, but those who have seen
her efforts are highly pleased, and argue
that the has a great future before her
3n the realm of the footlights. At the
Travelers' Association entertainment sev
eral ««ks ago she won the highest
r.raise With the brownies Miss Blanche
i« doing a very cute little Chinese song
and dance as a specialty. Offers have
»>c<n made to her to go to Chicago, which
ber parents are now considering.
7
The growth of Belfast, J Ireland, during
the last few years is probably unprece-
dented. On the outskirts of the city in all
directions house-building operations are
being actively pursued and in the LIsburn
road direction.it is especially noticeable,
where scores of neat houses have been
erected.
Cameras and Photographic Supplies.
This Is one of our busiest departments
now, in which we carry a full line of
Eastman and Montauk cameras and
everything in the line of supplies. Print-
ing and developing done. Sanborn, Vail &
Co., 741 Market street. •THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY^ AUGUST 20, > 1900.
8
SAN FRAXCISCO CALL.
trCSCCESS OFFICE* of The Ban Francisco
Call, corner <~-t Mcrket nnd Third streets, open
Dattl 12 o'clock every night In the year.
DRAXCH OFFICES— £27 Montgomery rtreet.
comer Clay; cr>en until S:SO p. ra.
TOO Uayi-s street; otien until 9:50 p. m.
£3 iicA.'iFtcr rtrei-t; open until 8:30 p. m.
£13 LarUa street; crcn until $:S3 p. m.
ir-41 Mission street; open unill 10 p. m.
*£fl Maj-krt etrect ccrner Sixteenth; open
_r.t!l ? r>. nt
1^6 Rltventh street; cpen v.r.til 9 p. m.
W6 Vclcncia ttreet; open until 9 p. m.
XortJiTrpEt corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky f.rctf; <rcn until 9 p. m. -
SUITING NOTICES.
CH.DEN OATE Commander?' No. 16. - —_,
K T OotOea Gat« building, 625 Gutter £*S7*
et.-'otafd ossmblr THIS EVEXIXG felt
at S O'clock. The orilcr cf the Red \Sf
Cross nil! bo enr.ferrcd. AH fraters ar« "
courteously Invited.
BOBEST McMILLAN. Em. Com.
WM. T. FOX DA. RreonJrT.
SAN FTtAXCISCO Cl:»pter No. t. Royal _A__
Ar'-h Masons, raefts THIS KVKNIXC1. T53T ¦
Pus'.n.TF and M. IX. Oegre?. r^r •
KIXG~ SOLOMON".* Lotlse No. 2C0. F. ft
_od A. M.. Franklin Hall, mix-ore St.. __fV»
bet-.-e.-n ISush and Putter. Third tie- :
pn-e THIS KVITNING at 7:30 o'clock. f>r > j
KABBY. BAKHU. .'Secretary.
IVANKOE LoJce No. E. IC of P.— Tli<! St
cffiV«>rs and irembers <-f the above ._ K*>
rail!**! 1-xIko are h»:re*by notiflet' to^scv&« i
a «««>rr.*K' a* the parlors o;' C. .T. B. «r"*>*^ ,
Metz'.'T & Co.. 6."C Wa-iiington street, TL'KS- 1
DAY, Au*. 21. WCft, at l*2> p. tn. sharp, for the !
iminni of attrn.llrg th<» funeral of cur late I
r.m?fc.-r, THOMAS' CQULtSB. Knight* ana '
friends of <! <•<¦«•_ sr-d we invited. :
O. SOECROSiJ, K. cf R. and S. '
BTOCKHOLOEBS' *nertini— 'i*he California '
Dr rd— Ck <"oirpnny. — Notic- is hereby given [
that a. tr-.ecUr.e ••>( Um rtorkhniders of the The i
Calir.vrr.ia Drj'Ooc:; Company .Will be held at i
the ofJW rT raid SfUBpany. Xn. CC2 California j
s'reot. ??r. FrBOtArt*. r«i;rcrr.'.a. on THURS-
UAT, Atamrt 20. I330L at t!>e hour of 11 o'clock
mir.'r.— whether said corporation shnll be dls- j
«p!vk«. ajii of votirip upon a pro*>ositlon to
aifsolve the corrvirctinn. arid for the tran*- |
actlin of «uch ether bus'.r.efs At niay enme J
tef^re the meeting. By order of th" board of I
directors. W. F. Rt'SSKLL, i
Secretary The California Drydock Company, j
7*112 ar.n\ir.l rr.rctlr-E of tho stc< khcldeis ef Lbe
Pnci'e T.*n<1ert_fcers will be held ct No. 777 j
Mission St.. Fan Fra-riscn. Cal.. THCRS- I
HAT. Aufurt 2S. Tjno. ct S o'clock p. m.. fir •
the election of dirertcm for the ensuing term j
Rn<J aleo to roni'lder an amendment to th» i
by-laws reducing "*<* number of directors !
from S to 7. and the transaction of each oth?r 1
tr-sinefw as may come before the in»etl:-.s. j
Trar.s:er books •d'lll clcse Monlay, August i
%). 18C0, at 4 o'clock p. rn. By crier of ths ;
board cf directors.
SI. C. GORIIAAI. F^.-rctiiry. \
CIIKAPEST and best in Am»rlca— Th- Weekly !
Call. 16 pare*, sent to any aodres? in th« j
United StatM or Canada «ne year far Jl,
rostsce ••aid.
ACE.\TS WA.VTEO. j
AGENTS of ability and experience In life Insur-
anee. Call at room 3CL ??7 Market, cor. Sixth.
WE V.andlt- r.»w^«t nov^ltl"ii for aper.ts. 1'A- !
C-p*<- AOT-NTS' PT'PPLr CO.. SV1 Kth >t. \
ASTROLOGY.
UMI*. HT^ICKT. astrol^Kiet: set your horc5«eor»e '
?ith full explanation of yoar future. ,"»Cc; card ;
PMUMtc anrt r-ilrniftry. 25r. 1933 Mission et. ;
ATTOnXEY! AT LAW.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without euccerg; collections. G. \V.
KOWE, atty at law. S60 Market, cor. Stockton.
ADV1CR free; R. W. KING. S27 Market st_, r. j
C27; all cas'-s and collections; money loaned, i
FRHE advice; divorce laws, damapes. estates.
oclJecticns. J. A. Mitchell. 314 M ontgomerj*.
ADVIcn tree: no charjre unless successful. W. i
W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market ft., opp. Masor.. |
L. P CLARK. Enrna Rpreck'I* bids.; 927 Mar-
ket ft.: consultation free: no fees in advance.
crfTnn, HEnMAN J.. attorney. 927 Market j
ft., r. r?*>: «re- ere., "-f: eorp'jltatlon free, j
JllTH CADI.VETS.
BOJXCCSOSC V.. «-pan«l roldin-; doer opens: r.rm I
rn.1 **{<¦. \V. S. BROWS. Ren. agt.. 42o Kllif. |
BELGIAN HARES.
2C0 DELOIAX5; cheap; youppster?; trios; do«s
with litter?. See them at 314 Go" Jen Gate ave.
nisi.\i:ss aiA.vcEs.
A^tlW.O; iiAKEItf. 2 Weeks south of Market
St.; place cstab. yean": doing a good business:
all store trade; rer.t JiS; IS to 2 barrels pr
day. Particulars R. G. WILKE. 26H Kearny.
A— J'-Jft; CORXHR saloon In wholesale district;
CFtsb. many years end doing a good business;
rer.t $50- a nrft-ciacs preposition. Call R. <>.
WILKH. i-C'i Kearcy st^
A-AGK.NT wanted for manufacturing busl-
cefs; capital needed about J10U0; no oppoFi-
tlou rn this coast; about 40 per cent profit;
manufacturer (rom Orepon here now to glv*
contrat-tt for 5 years. Call K. G. \VILK_E.
ii 4 Kearny st.
A— -J7.V!; CAXDY Ftore and ice crearn parlor in
Oakland: beautifully furnished and a No. 1
;....?._ business; rent tCO; owner compelltu
by ill health to ret:re. See R. G. WILKr..
fi, 1 - tCesxny st.
A— tl"(y; I>AIRY, produce and delicacy store
•w.-itb n^ilk route; 4 horses. 2 wagons. 1 buggy,
3 self harness, cream separator, etc. : rent
£25; liu?ine?s clearing 1150 r*r month. Call K.
G. 1VILKE. 2C'i Kearny st.
A— lv*: CORNFH uro'cery and bar; one block
south of Market and Fifth sts. ; rent *43: a.
KO^ corner: al! cash trade, mostly In bar.
fail R. G. WILKE. 26*i Kearny j-t.
A— f750; SALOON, with pool table: close co
Call bl<Jg. : rent iCa: a. splendid location and
jrnod pa>ing business. Call R. CJ. WILKi:.
IC'i Kearny ft.
A— JJiW; RESXACRA2ST an-1 cbophouse on w^
ter frcnt: rent $15: fcarg_ln. R. G. WlLKl".
26'.. Keamy fit.
A— J12C0-- OLD-ESTaK. restaurant; clc«» to
Cr.ron.rle bul'iline; ax-eraic- receipts alxn.t
S6" per <lay; r«-rrt J7a; a eplendiu ofter; owner
will allow f days' trial. Call It. G. WILKE.
2t»4 Kearny si.
J45O— Dl'TCHrTR shop: near city; paying busi-
ness: ,-ickness cause of sale. McLACGHLIN
At CO.. 777-, Market st.
Sllu^-TJilAL given: faloon near Market et.;
bUIKia; poins E.irt cause of sale. Me-
LAI'OKI.IN & CO.. TTT'-i Market M,
H0> ' PAttTWEg wanted; barber business and
Milliard parlors; i>rcsp«rcui» country toUm.
MttAPOHUM & CO.. 777'* Market Et.
A— Sl'V; LA^TNDRY route. leading laundry.
cleri.i'.T-s frfl * n'or.lh: fine wapn; intending
btt>Tra can vorifv Ft.itenien'.i 1 : this it bargsin
for sorr.* one. STEXRKKG CO.. S3.> Market.
tXOELLEXT rrrxTtur.ity to buy a bon.-j. fi-?e
'n'siner* in the he^ri cf city: o:d-e5taljllr«he<l
r,nd larce proSts: books open ior Ins-i^ctica;
or.r.er ftirir.B: barcoi-i. Lure A Co.. !*Co Mkt.
BAJ/X»N for sale; erect bar-rain: must be scld
nt r.iuf; cer.tr.iily located. McCRIDE ft CO..
'MB Hov.ard st.
EItAN<"«l b^Krrj'. candies, delicatessen; estab-
lished ". yrH:-f ; rpler.did trade; trial given. 27C0
WAKTEO
Two to thre" thousand dollars to Invest in the
r.ian'jrr.cturins an<I sale of three of the very
l*rt ri~.onry-mR5cSnc devices in the United
fc'trtM=: a fortune to the r ttnt r-arty of cither
r*x: c.::.» but principals r ; ce4 answer; th"r-
vrtith investigation solicited. Address bor 1033.
Cuil of fio.
|4'A(»— Gr::x:};r.T !-tr,re for sa'.e; lrw-ated in best
part of bnra: an c£;r-.b!!«h<Hi v.-l:<->l"s^le anj
retail trade for r.ver Hi year?: strict investl-
pa'ir.n desired* good lesse; cheap rent; any-
one !<^klnc for a j;aying bu«lne+s can get a.
barpaiii: n.ust he sc.ld on Kcraa&t of sicUr.ces.
I^rUc::!ars. Ix-x 1S7J>. Cnll offles.
/.:> <-.xrp;!*'r.nn.*i.criwrtun:t}- is offered to secure
an interest in payin-. legitimate business,
where Kr-n-i'"'** <>f capKt!e, enerjyetir man nn
re«4a;r«-.l: tnvmtisalion aud references. Box
1?€4. C_!l «.rflce.
TO RliXT— r<?r coal yard, ml'k depot, etc.; flr.e
location: plai.-e 1* mtlnll* entered: cr>nt2ini; S
r-mJl-.. rent only Ji;*T.ater free. Inquit* WM.
riKKPIMClCSON Ss CO.. CH Cal! bulidm-j.
C7W "ytTT* TTfiTT grocer}': established Icr years;
fr^sli ftfick: location cr.e of the beet in the
clt;.-. Arrlj" J. V.'. 7... 221 Oak rt.
WAN'TED— Ftaticaery. noUors or delicacy and
<ialry produce store; no &r«nts. Box l?r^. Call.
HAninVAItr: Ftnre. tlnninr. plunr-.bing- tii^r.;
eo--il but-ineg*. I. J. TltfMAN. Columbia Bk.
CtCBLd) hair factory, one-half lnterrit; musi
tc s-jia. U^/X 1M?. Call office.
I>AI5I!>S- A _fvwj i*y!rg businens for cale
€*!ieai>. Uox 1£47. Call office.
Foil f_>— Hestaunint ; 1024 Hyde n.; aerctn
ff'ni carr!o«»e: *-erj- cheap.
CAKTtKK i h.-p and Ilvlnf; room for sale. Ill
r-usrth it.
J'.'ip. sul^-.-A c>o.l locksmith l>u*lneis; cheap.
14i'<V I'olk et.: call bet. 7 and X p. rn.
U.Mt** rlirree; roc*1 buslnenn; dny Kaloon; 8.E.
c"tt.<r Clay and Dav)». PHIL R. DKKL.
A KIXJ" store fs«iit_.b> for any. buslne««: 12S
O'FarreU St.. cor. Pr/irelL Applr.15 Grant ave.
FOR -SALE— BUcks-njlth-thop; Point Reyes
r.tatlon. Mcrin County. Cal.
BUTCHER business: -rood trade; el e«ra nt . fix-
tures; barg-ain. 17.La.pldg* et.. of! ISth.
BUSINESS CHAXCKS — CONTINUED.
BOARDING-HOUSE, 25 .rooms: large dlning-
rosm and kitchen; complete. "OUR HOUSE."
ISS Illinois ft.. Potrcro.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
V.'. CASWELL & CO.. 412 Sacramento st
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
leiiHa st. ________________
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
TS^ROOM HOUSE -
CHEAP RENT- DO WNTOWN
WORTH J6000
...$2300 WILL BUY IT; OWNER
rr.ur.t leave city.
ICO rooms; rent $.V>.. $1*00
2C rooms: fine corner; clears $200 l'CO
K-rocm house; clears J300 1700
15 HOBS; fine corner; clean* $100... 1000
12 rooms o<i Post st; half payments J50
40-room house on Powell Rt i *i"0
10 rooms; r.evr; elecant furniture <<50
21 rooms: clears $150 1 " M
16-room boerd ing-house; full 13w
fr-rocm flat; downtown : *<-0
DECKER. 10:0 Market Bt. phone Mint 796.
1C ROOMS, newly furnished; a bargain: $700.
1» n;oir.f-. $750; $400 cath, balance easy paymts.
44 rooms; hou^skceplnK apn.rtnwn.ts.
iC-room boarulng-hous*: all full J11B0
T4 reomr: tracnsteat house: eee this 1C50
Il-room house: cheap 475
CO rooms; aJl on one floor; full; paying.
17 rooms; *icar Market; transient 1600
eo-rnom boost: north of Market
}$-room boardlng-hou::e; fine location 2503
See list of other houses at office.
EMERY & SMITH. S Eddy st
A-IsHrOOMS; full; hskpg.; clears 146 1700
63 rooms; A Xo. 1; fine... 3400
53 rooms; rent $100; clears $laO Z^OO
40 rooms: finest in this city 6i0o <
37 rooms; elegant and profitable 4500
List of 214 houses. Tel. black 1S03.
M AR IPX GRIFFLV. 719 Market St.. r. 1.
A— 22-ROOM rooming-houM; central $1000
11-room house: S300 down, balance easy.. 600
2<>-room house; flrst-class 1050
SO-roora house; all newly furnished 3100
ll-room house. T47S. 6-room flat..'. 325
FISHER & CO.. 1038 Market et
HOUSES from 10 to ISO room*: good locations;
honest value, perfect title guaranteed to buy-
ers; money loaned; to buy or 6ell your lodging
house or furniture and secure satisfaction
write or call SCHWEINHARD & CO.. S17
Market rt.. above Fifth, tel. Mint 1911.
TWO mcrtcajjed houses, 44 and 48 rooms; will
sell for little over mortgages. C. D. DAVIS, j
room «>. 916 Market gt.
20-ROOM. Eddy St.. 5600; 18 rooms. O'Fanell »t.
SCOOu C. D. DAVIS, room 69. 916 Market et.
FOR sale— Account of ficknese; 9-room house,
newly furnished; S steady roomers: pays rent:
homelike; no reasonable offer refused. 121J
Howard st. : no agents.
cFlKArEST and best in Amerlca-The Weekly
Ca'.l. 1C race*, sent to any address In the
I'nlfed states or Csnada one year for $1.
postage paid.
CAUUIAGES AND WAGONS.
WAGON for pale. S14 Mission st.
ALL klnis of wagon?, burgles, cart*, harness.
etc.. rheap. EGAX & SOS. 2117 Mission st.
AN A No. 1 express waeon. single, also U^ht j
camping wagon, for sale cheap. 5*2 Mission.
NEW & 2d-hand wagons, butfgie?. carts & hir-
ntrr. wrrk & driving hfr?e*. ISth & Valencia.
CAMPAIGN PHOTO BCTTONS.
MFY of all klr.as cf photo buttons and Jewelry;
wholesale and retail; send for catalogue.
Miniature I'rrtratt Co.. !>S3 Market St.. S. F.
CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN you become <Jirgu?ted with poor work
send tc f-PAT'LDING'S Pioneer Carpet-Heat-
ing Works. 3-~>3-357 Tehama st. ; teL South 40.
J. McQUEF.N'S California Carpet Cleaning Co..
4tJ Stevenson st: tel. South 22S; lowest rates.
J H. MITCHELL Carpet-Beating and Reno-
vatintt Co., HO Fourteenth st.: tel. Mission 74.
CITY Fteam Carpet-Beating Works. G. H.
BTKVKya. mgr.. 3S-4O Sth st; tel. South 250.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard. laid at 4c
gTRATTO.VS. 3 Eighth it; tel. Jessie 944.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st;
tel. Main 291. GCO WALCOM. proprietor.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-Beating Works. 333 Golden
Gate ave.; telephone East 126.
COTTAGES TO LET.
$_ — COMFORTABLE sunny cottage. 8 rooms;
yard. Pailrcad ave.. off Dolores st; key at
s>79 Eeventffnth gt.
! SUNNY cottage. 21I«~ Perry st: rent reason-
able. Apply G. It. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Moat- <
I gomery tt ¦
SPIRITUALISM.
ARRIVED — Mrs. Dr. Farnham, world-renowned
ppiiitual medium; advice in all affairs of life;
lawsuits, divorces, deaths; unites the separat-
ed; mining a specialty; cirs. Sun., Wed.. Frl.
eve's; come and be convinced. (Permanently)
633 Eddy. bet. Hyde and Larkin; no elgn. i
MRS. LESTER, circle this evening. 8 o'clock;
lGc; settings daily. 50c. 127 Turk st.
GO to WATSON, spiritual medium and palmist:
lucky and true; £5c. COc. 1581 Market et, 8. F.
MRS. KOTTER. 34 Sixth St.. circle to-day. 2 &
j S p. in. ; 10c; sittings daily; G..-J1: I .. oOc
I FRIENDSHIP Uall. 333 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
Meyer, sit daily: convinc'g tests to-night 10c.
! iJR« J.J. WHITNEY, clairvoyant, test, business
i medium, life reader: sittings $1. 1104 Market
CLAIRVOYANTS.
' MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
i reader, borr. v.-lth double veil & second sight,
| diagnoses disease with life readings: ladles 60c;
grnts II; palm. & clair. sit. $1 50. 126 Turk st.
ISMAR. the Egyptian gypsy clairvoyant and
i palmist.' permanently located 1148 Market opn.
| 6th; private readings dally 10 a. m. to 5 p. m.
! MME. HAXSCX, palmistry, card reader: past,
i present, future: 25c. 14S Sixth St., room 14.
j MR*. RENNER. 12R Fern ave.. bet. Sutt-r and
j Bush. nr. Polk; planet reader; ladles only 25c.
; MME. ZEREDA. the gypsy, is the great palmist
] and ra*-<l reader; 25c. 7 Seventh St.; no sign.
A GYI'SY. genuine clairvoyant, located 10 days
I S42 Mission; ladles. 25c; gente, Me; Frawley.
i MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, eard reader and
j palmistry; truth or no pay; 25c. 1149 Mission.
j MME. SCHAFFER. clairvoyant, card reader;
I slttlnsn- dally. 212V4 Sixth st.
MilE. RAVENNA reads life fluently: business
advice; .names given: 2uc up. 5 Fourth st.
MMK* SYBILLE-Cradle to grave: future hus-
j band's picture; 23e: ladles. 914 O'Farrell st
f COLLECTION OFFICES.
I GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No charge un-
I less successful. Room 310. 927 Market st
i DENTISTS.
j AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. 80S MaxT
i kel st. cor. 4th. rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
| without plaj.es our specialty: cold crowns,
j $3 CO up; plates, extractions free. $4 £0 up; of-
: flee hour*. 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. : Sundays, 9 to 2
! p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON. M. D.. Manager.
! A— PR. V. CAVALSKY • han returned from
j the I»arls Exposition with seme of the finest
< patents for painless dentistry, plates, teeth
1 without a plate, crown and bridge work; all
I work warranted; plates, full set. $S; fillings,
t SOc: crown, $3 50. Chicago Dental Parlors, 2» eth.
j EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
j an-1 fillings; extractions or fillings by my won-
derful secret, painless method: 20 years' ex-
j periencc; nn students: advice free; prices
1 cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants.
DH. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell Bt
! TEETH extracted free; plates. J5; crowns. $3 £0;
j. brirtsework, IS; nil the latest methods for
I painless dentistry: hours. 9 a. m. to 9 p. m.
J Modern D«nt_t Parlors. 12C6 Market, cor.G.G.
I DR. Ll'PLUM HILL. 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
J — Xo charg-e for extracting when plates are
i made: old plates made o\ - er like new: teeth
! from $S per -set: extracting. S0c: gas given.
! DR. ALBERT HILLrsafMarket. corrsTockton.
j for a perfect set of teeth and teeth without
n'ntes; lowest prices for best work. ;
! PARIS Dental Parlor, 2S5 Keamy. cor. Hush—
I Full ret of teeth. ?J: crowns. S3; fillings. 23c.
j VAN VP.OOJI— "rainless" ; evening* and Sun-
i days. 1001 Market st. corner Sixth. • . ¦ •
i SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. a.
; YOI7XG. mi Polk «t ~: : - ..;¦• ;¦'.,;
i CHEAPEST and best in America— Tho Weekly
Call. "G paees, sent to eny/address In the
United State* or Canada one ' year for ?L
Tv>«tnrr raid.
! DOG HOSPITALS.
DR. nU7.AP.D'8 Dor Hospltaf. Posti~Fn?more—
A<".vtce and medicine. 75o; city visits. $1 59; nil
en'.mals treated; dogs boarded. T;I. West £36.
DR. CREEL Y*S C. P. rr.anpecurennrt wr.rm pills
bygrugKlstw or at hospital. flO Golden Gat* av.
nn ES S M AtCEIt 8 AND SEAMSTRESSES
MCDOWELL Dressmaking "and - Millinery
School; patterns cut to crder. 1C19 Market st.
E. F. Dressmaking. Ladies' Tailoring and- Mil-"
lir.ery School; French system. .411 .Van. Ness.*
ACCORDIOX pleating factory: all klntfs pleat-
ing, plaklng. I2i Post, over O' ConnonfcMoffatt.'
PARISIAN dressmaking. 387 Geary at; dressea
. made, $5 up; dresses mad* over; perfect fit -
¦¦¦¦•._ EDUCAT *° ]S *A L _ > " .
ATRES' Business College. 723 Market st ; life
scholarship, $50; Includes shorthand, typing,
bookkeeping, telegraphy; day and evening;
just added, new business practice offices and
20 new typewriters; catalogue free.
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and medical
colleges; references, President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
FRENCH readings and dramatic art— Private
and classes taught by MISS BLANCH BOU-
VIERE, Lyceum Theater. School of Acting-,
310-312 O'Farrell et. .
BOOKKEEPING or shorthand; If you want to
learn In a limited time take private lesson*
from an experienced teacher. M. W. COR-
NELL. room 53. Thurlow block, 126 Kearny.
BOOKKEEPING, free trial; prlvato lessons; 8
r.ios. In college not equal to S wks. with me;
$25.. TAR R. expert accnt.. 423 Parrott bldg.
ENGINEERING, civil, elec., mining, mech. pur-
vey, assay, cyanide, arch. : day, eve.; est. 1S64.
VAN PER NAILLEN SCHOOL. 033 Market.
TEACHER, having half a day. will assist
backward pupils in exchange for board; Oak-
lar.d or Alamoda preferred. Box 1963. Call.
ALT, -students but two taking full course this
year got positions. SAN FRANCISCO BUSI-
NESS COLLEGE. 1236 Market st
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 Post st.,
S. F. ; founded 1S6.*; SO-paga catalogue free.
CALIFORNIA Business College. 305 Larkln—
All branches; thorough; positions secured.
PIANO nnd German: pupil of Conservatory In
Lelrslc; lessons 75c. 320 Golden Gate ave.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc., day or eve. ; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
LE JEUNE Art and Craft School; modeling,
designing, carving, all branches. 424 Pine st.
¦ '.EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
A— JAPANESE and Chinese employment con-
tractor; estab.'ovtr 10 years; all kinds help.
421 Post St., near Powell; telephone Bush 133.
UNION Japanese-Chinese emp. office— Best help
furn.; domestic serv. 417 Powell; tel. Bush S7C.
OHPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese. Chl-
- nese help. 426 Powell.nr.Sutter: tel. BlacU 5072.
JAPANESE and Chinese Employment Office;
best help turn. ; tel. John 2121. 806% Stockton.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office—
Best helc 411** O'Farrell st. : tel. East 428.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — FEMALE.
A— DANISH woman wishes place to do house-
work, must sleep home. $15; young German
woman wishes situation as nurse, can take
full charge, city or country; Swedish second
girl, good waitress and seamstress, year's
references: neat Irish girl, flrst-class cook,
Jewish family preferred, 6 years references:
also Swedish cook with good references, and
others awaiting situations at the Swedish and
German Employment Bureau. MRS. NOR-
TON. 313 Sutler St. '
A FIRST-CLASS German cook desires situa-
tion: also German second girl, beat of refer-
ence. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
INTELLIGENT, middle-aged woman wishes
situation as housekeeper or position of trust;
wages not so much an object as good home.
Box 1652, Call office.
RESPECTABLE woman to go out washing or
housecleaning by the day. 917 Natoma st.
between Tenth and Eleventh.
YOUNQ woman wishes place for housework
and cooking; is fond of children. Call at 307
Third st. near Folsom. ¦
SWEDISH girl wishes situation for general
housework, cooking; wages $,20. Call at 2300
Mission st. ¦ -
TOUNG Swedish girl wishes place In small
family for general housework; speaks little
English. 15S Lexington ave.
YOUNG lady for general housework; city or
country; no objection to children; no postals.
Address 2249. Lombard st
YOUNG German girl wants position to do up-
etalrs work and waiting; experienced wait-
ress. Call 219 Clinton Park, near Guerrero st.
RELIABLE girl wishes place for general
housework In private family; best of city ref-
erences. Apply 702 O'Farrell st. for 2 days.
RESPECTABLE girl wishes housework; wages
$25. Call at 15 Laskle St., off Mission, be-
tween Eighth and Ninth.
ELDERLY woman wishes situation; city or
country: wages $8 to $10. 264% Tehama Bt.
SITUATION for general housework. 416 Third
ave., Richmond.
A GIRL would like situation assisting In gen-
eral housework. Call 316 Golden Gate ave.
A WOMAN wishes situation as good cook and
| fio housework for small family. 579 Natoma.
AN Intelligent lady would like position as a
nurse for Invalids or nervous patients; best
r.: .r»f»rences. Address MISS C. M-, 1)24
• " - • ".-et st.
, FPEGfrABLE woman with a little girl
; in'.s a situation for general hounework or
i v.'..rklng housekeeper; city preferred. Please
call 118 Clara st. ¦ •
RESPECTABLE lady of middle age, good cook,
kind to children, wishes position as house-
keeper; city or country. Call 68-76 Ellis st,
I room 89. call 1 to 4. • •
BY young lady, position a» companion to
elderly iady; good mender, writer, reader,
etc.: best of references from, former em-
ployers. Box 1942. Call office.
MASSACHUSETTS lady would like upstairs
work In hotel or light housework, private
family. Box 1S62. Call office.
RELIABLE woman who Is a good cook and
laundress would like work by the day; $1 10.
MRS. MEYER. 611 Turk st
WOMAN wishes situation as housekeeper or
care for an Invalid; very best of references.
164 Clara st.
EXPERIENCED dressmaker wishes engage-
ments by the day: terms $1 50; also children's
sewing. 152 Tenth st. *
DRESSMAKER, one who understands both
tailor and fancy suits, wants a few engage-
I ments by the day. 929 Pine st
i EXPERIENCED nurse would like a few more
engagements. AddreES 3001% Webster st; tel.
Rcott U03. _J
J FIRST-CLASS German dressmaker wishee en-
l gagements by the day or week. Address 1424
I Howard st .
YOUNG girl wishes situation at light house-
! work; no children. Please call at 1306 Powell
| »t.; no portals. . ¦ -
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third st, near Mar-
kte: !C0 roomr: 25c to $1 50 night; $1 50 to $6
week: convenient and respectable; free bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore st.
I A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
eubscrlptlons has been established at 1096 Va-
lencla «t. " -' ' . - :
EMPLOYMENT WAXTEI) MALE.
MILLWRIGHT and carpenter and: all : around
mechanic wants work In city or country;
first-clnss references. Please address box
lt>53. Call. .. : ' ' ' - . ¦ . . ¦
GOOD middle-aged hotel waiter desires steady
position. Address H. KIEHL, 134 Fourth st.,
New Golden Gate Hotel.
ENGINEER and machinist, young and practi-
cal, wants 'work around . machinery or run
engine; first-class references. Box 1654, Call.
BOY. 16 years old, wishes position In a drug-
Ftore; lives with his parents. Apply 1222
Eteiner at. cor. Eddy. \
COACHMAN— Situation wanted by sober. In-
dUKtrieus man; thctroughly underst-r-ds care
horses, carriages; good driver; . thoroughly
competent;" city references. ED ARCHER,
San. Lorenzo. Cal. ' .
EXPERIENCED bookkeeper seeks a | pofltion
in city or country; Al references and bond;
willing to work In other capacities when re-
quired. Address box 163">, Call . office. .
HANDY young man desires work' of any kind
In city; experienced in hotels, private. places
and institutions; references. . Address J., box
1CI7. Call office.
MAN and wife would like, to get work on a
rar.ch,- man to do work on the ranch.. wife to
J do the cooking. Call on J. M..r 1300 Franki
lln, st.: ¦ .-.'¦ ¦: '. ';¦, - .. -.-,.•¦¦:-:.¦¦¦. •:
STEADY, reliable young man, understands tho
caro of horses, desires a position as coachman
or gardener; city or country; references. C.
R. C box 4611. Call office. .;¦ -
NIGHT. watchman with best references would
like a position. Address C. HARTMANN, 127
Turk st. ' ¦ ;'•*.: ... • . . . '
YOUNO man. single, with. best of city refer-
ence? gardener, also other references, desires
pl?.ce. Address box . 1357. Call/ "fiJSfeffiEESaj
YOUNG man wishes to hear of . a position in
bnr or grocery store; flrst-class reference. Box
1S73, Call. : '
YOUNG man of SO would like position In gro-
cery: speaks Spanish and Portuguese.. /Addrera
H. C. C76 Twenty-seventh et. . Oakland, Cal.
STEADY, sober, younn > man • wants work ; all-
around man; handy with tools. Box 1952, Call.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call- branch office. 2200 Fillmore st."
A, BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established nt 1006 Va-
lencln at. . - .. .",¦..-.>¦¦ .- --Vj ¦.'¦¦.'<i'. ¦;.-¦
EXPERT OPTICIANS.
EYEB • examined \ free; spectacles < properly ad-'
• . justed. N. Mnna»se.- oculist optician.- 910, Mkt;
v . :-\ .:¦¦ .-'¦; - financial. ' ; ¦ ; - .;"•, '
IF.vou'have stocks or bonds of any, kind for
. sale* > call ¦ or . address • PACIFIC ¦ COAST ; UN-
- DERWRITING CO.. 604 Parrott .building. : •
.¦-'.•"
, ; '/ ¦ . ¦ -. v v FLATS ; TO : LET. . •
BAY-WINDOW . flats of four rooms: rent $11. i
13C4-6 Stevenson St.. ; near Thirteenth. .
BRANNAN, 422— Two choice flat« of 3 and 4
rooms; rent cheap; water free.
CHEAPEST flats in the city; Oak and Laguna
sts.; 7, 8 and 9 rooms; rent reasonable. Apply
MADISON & BURKE.
FEW steps from City Hall; elegant sunny flat,
, 5 rooms and bath.. 8 Grove st. .
FINE flat. 7 rooms ard bath; modern Improve-
menta. 625 Golden Gate ave. , ¦•--¦¦.¦
FLAT of 5 rooms and bath. Corner of Seven-
teenth and Colllngwood sts.
FLAT.' of 10 rooms ." to let. 1207 Mission St.
near Eighth., ;
FLAT. 4 large rooms; rent $11. gir Dearborn
st. off Seventeenth, near Valencia.
FURNISHED flat of 4 rooms. 338 Fifth at.
IF you want to move get printed list flats to let
from BALDWIN & HOWELL. lOMontgomery.
NICE cozy 6-room modern comer flat; rent
$80. Jackson and Larkln sts. t ¦> ' .
SUNNY corner boy- window flat, 7 rooms, bath.
. stable: house of 5 rooms, basement, yard;
cheap. 1S76 Fifteenth st. near Dolores.
$8-LOWER flat of 5 sunny rooms. 377 Sanches
st. near Seventeenth. .
8. ROOMS, bath: sunny corner; modern:) bay
window. Key at 417*4 Third st. _ _____ I
FURNITURE FOR SALEj j
4 ROOMS furnished in oak for $18 50. with No. 7
range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-11S1 Market.
FURNITURE WANTED.
CHAS. LEVY buys your furniture, carpets,
pianos, etc. 1135 Market et. ; tel. 'Jessie 761.
Auctloneer-L. Vincent. 1S05 Larklnitel.Polk 694; I
furniture & furn'd houses bought, spot cash. •
$5000 worth of furniture, carpets, etc.. wanted.
M. Silverstcln, 1121 Market; tel. Folsom 1105.
ALFRED WOLLPEHT, 773 Missitm St., ;pays
highest price for your second-hand furniture.
IV. E. CODT (late with J. T. Terry & Co.) buys
furniture, carpets. 757 Mission; tel Red 3353.
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
C. R. HANSEN & CO .Phone Grant lSs!
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
4 waitresses, first-class hotel, near city,- $20;
5 waitresses, different commercial hotels, $23
and $25: - 2 city waitresses, $20 and $25; 6
chambermaids to wait, city and country. $20;
chambermaid. $1S: woman cook. S3r. to $40....
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Housekeeper for 11 (students, $20; housegirl,
small family, Alameda County, $20; house-
girl, Santa Rosa, $20; nursegirl, 2 children, to
ko north. $20, see party here; second girl.
Gras3 Valley, $20 and fare, choice place; sec-
ond j-lrl, San Rafael, $20 and no sweeping,
and M houseelrls and second girls, city and
country. C. It. HANSEN _ CO., 104 Geary.
HOT'SECSIRL and care of 2 children, good
home. $15 and $20, see party here. C. R.
HANSEN & CO.. 104 GeRry Bt.
SALESLADIES for large retail candy store. I
city. $7- week to begin; no office fee. C. It. '
HANSEN _ CO.. 104 Geary St.
10 YOUNG fills, laundry work, $15 and board;
no excerience necessary; city. C* R. HAN-
SEN & CO.. 104 G*_ry st. .
TEN chambermaids and waitresses, city and
country. $20 and $23. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sut-
ter st. '
COOK and second girl, city, $23 and $20, same
house; flrst-class German cook. $35; cook,
mining camp, $30, fare here; working house-
keeper. $15. fare here; plain laundress, city,
$20; flrst-class laundress, private family, $30;
housework. Eureka, $25: Santa Rosa, $25;
Martinez, $25; San Mateo, $25; second girl.
Berkeley, $20; 4 second girls, city, $25 and
$20; woman with a child. $15. MISS ___••
LEN. 325 Sutter st.
COOK. $30; second girl, $25, see party hero;
housejrirl. Palo Alto, $25, see party here 11
o'clock; housekeeper, St. Helena, two In fam-
ily. $20, fare paid; ranch cook, $25; two house-
girls, $30 and $25; two second girls, $20 and ;
$25; nurse, $20; middle-aged woman for light
housework. $20; laundress, $30. MRS. NOR-
TON, 313 Sutter st.
WANTED— Women and girls to work on fruit;
canning and preparing; highest wages paid;
steady work; prizes for quick work. Apply
immediately to V. S. FRUIT PACKING CO..
Harrison ave., between Seventh and Eighth
sts., off Folsom.
800 GIRLS and women wanted to work on
fruit at California Fruit Canners' Aseoda-
tlon. Cutting's branch. Seventh and Berry.
WOMEN and girls for canning and preparing
fruit; steady work; highest wages. Apply
Callfornian Canneries Co. Ltd., Brannan St.,
. between Third and Fourth.
WANTED — Women and girls to work on fruit:
highest wages paid at CODE-PORTWOOD
CANNING CO., Tenth and Bryant streets.
t <# — —
_ " (
OPERATORS wanted on shirts: young e-irls «
taught: steady work; best pay. BRENNF.R-
ULMAN CO.. 10 Battery st.
APPRENTICES on overalls. STANDARD
. SHIRT FACTORY, cor. Gough and Grove sts.
WANTED— Experienced girls on paper boxes;
good wages; steady employment. For full par-
ticulars apply to R. W. PRIDHAM, Los An-
geles. Cal. .^- *_ "
WOOLEN mill help wanted— Boss finisher and
weavers on blankets : highest wages paid on
the coast: correspondence confidential. Apply
J. W. COLLINS, 7 and 9 Battery St.. city.
OPERATORS on muslin underwear: steam
power; constant work. G. W. REYNOLDS,
597 Mission St.. corner Second..'. . ' .. . I
WANTED— Young girl to help wait at table |
and assist In housework, $15 per month. 195
Tenth st. . f -•¦.¦'"---¦-•
TOUNG girl to assist with light housework.
s 1418 O'Farrell at. »
WANTED— 2.'. girls to shell walnuts. Apply be-
tween S and 10 at 123 Clay St., upstairs.
GIRL to care for 15-month-old baby. 39 Julian
aver.-, between Fourteenth and Fifteenth sts.
WAITRESS wanted; plain work: Sundays off
after 1. COS Howard st, near First. -
4 WAITRESSES wanted. 1007 Market st.
GIRL for chamberwork and first girl at table.
SCO Eddy st. - '.. ¦ v,-
YOUNG rrlrl or woman to assist In light house-
work; sleep home. . 27 Capp st.
LADY with ' a child to do housework; wages
$10 to $12. 319 Third st.
WANTED— Girl or middle-aged woman to as-
sist In light housework. C76 Bryant st.
LADY compositors wanted : state experience
and speed. Address box 19C8, Call office. . '
YOUNG girl to assist In housework. 16 Devisa-;
dpro at. •ffiffifffiftflfft^twyrftft^Wfflfflffiiw
GIRL for general . housework and , cooking;
small. family; 9 to 12. 1810 Laguna st
GIRL or woman . assist small - family; good
home ; small wages. 2146%. Market st.
WANTED— Girl for second work and waiting.
1207 Hyde st.
DANISH or '¦ German girl s wanted ; for ' house-
work; small family. Call 3G19 -; Nineteenth st.
WANTED— Girl cashier at" 207 .Third st
GIRL. lS'S'X Steiner at; no washing. '.
GIRL to attend to bakery store. 142 Second
street. }ffKK0BltltSlmt l^lS 1 f0'frVf^ l^/^t*,
WANTED— A" flrst-clas-s ' cook; city references.
Call between 9 and 12. 11C2 Van Ness ave. :-
GIRL ' : wanted for.- general .:¦ housework.' ; 2327
- Bush at., near 'Pierce. • - .
MIDDLE-AGED lady' for : light -•¦ housework
> Apply . 521 -. Twenty-ninth . st. . . .-
WOMAN • or <clri; to take - care child; sleep at
: home.- Call , 1105 i Bush st. :-: ¦' ¦'¦¦ ;-
NEAT' young Hrirl ' to with ' light house- ¦
.work."; '2777 Twenty- fourth' St.. ¦ corner - York.'. ;
WAITRESSES /wanted at 781 Sutter' at. /
GIRL to assi3t at general housework. 1618
. Steiner^t. * .
WAITRESS. . 448 Third st . ,,. .
GIRL ; for ;. general housework.'.' Apply before
28Q4. California st. ;
WANTED— Young girl for light housework. Ap-
* • j'ly> 16 : Capp ,- s t jli HH UMlhli rigWf ff *i*** jniM * g '* 3 F'*t*j
WAITRESS i wonted at 217 81xth st.« Excelsior
t$ Restaurant; call: early. ,'¦•¦: ; r ' •','
¦WANTED-^-FInlsherB ? and f try > on ' makers • on
jicuatom coats; steady, work.; 135 Stockton st "
. HELP WANTED-FEMALB.
GIRLS to rivet overalls; also sewing machine
. operators, at Levi Strauss & Co.' s t actory,
32% '• Fremont et. ; ?, no experience necessary*
good wages. , Apply to MR. D AVIS.' i
WANTED— Finishers and apprentices' on cus-
tom coats; steady work. 7 Eddy st. *
WANTED— A girl to do general housework and
¦'; plain cooking. 249 Fourth st. .
WANTED— Lady, solicitors, city and interior:
big money for active workers. Room 350. Phe-
lan building, San Francisco, Cal.
YOUNG girl, about 18 or 17 years, to do plain
sewing; $10 month and clothes. Box 341, Call
office, Oakland. ';
CAPABLE dairy maid to assist with washing
in private family; $25 monthly. Address box
.'541. Call office. Oakland.
WANTED-Bya reliable . firm, an active, con-
scientious womaa as commercial traveler.
. Box 1031, Call office.
EXPERIENCED operators on electric power
sewing machines on shirts at GREENE-
BAIJM, WEIL & MICHELS, 531 Mission «t.
WANTED— Girl or middle-aged woman for
housework in small family; no washing. 170s
Octwvla st.
YOUNG woman to do housework and assist
with care of children. 1023 University ave..
East Berkeley; a good home assured.
A.YOUNG girl to assist In upstairs work; Ger-
man preferred. 101S Sutter st
EXPERIENCED shirtmakers to work by elec-
trical power. 751 Market st.
STRONG girl for laundry: Seventeenth and
Folsom sta. St. Nicholas Laundry.
WANTED— Competent woman to assist In light
housework. 613 Bryant st.
EXPERIENCED finishers on pants. Apply to
H. LEVY. Inc.. 513 Market st.
WANTED— First-class dressmakers. 509 Haight
street.
WANTED — Respectable young girl for light
housework. 1518 Fell st-
FIRST-CLASS buttonhole maker and finishers
on vests. 40 Ellla at., rooms 41-42. -.¦.' ';-;
WANTED — First-class waitress immediately.
1020 Van Xess ave.
WANTED— An apprentice for dye woiki office,
$3 per. week. 1301 Devlsadero st. ¦
FIRST-CLASS finishers on custom coats;
steady work; good wages. 461 Jessie st
APPRENTICE for dressmaking; paid while
learning. 1022 Washington st.
RELIABLE German girl or woman for general
housework. 131C Mason st.
GIRL to take care of child and sleep at home.
807 Filbert st.
VEST operators and pants finishers. BELASCO
& HARRIS CO.. 641 Market St.
APPRENTICES to learn tailoring; paid while
learning. 541 Market st. ->••"•' '
WANTED — Women and girls to work on fruit.
1731 Folsom et. between 13th and 14th.
EXPERIENCED operators on, negligee shirts;
good pay. 27 JesKle st.. fifth floor.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
FUbscriptions has been established at 1098
Valencia st. " .-'¦:-¦ :
HELP WANTED— MALE.
WANTED— General blacksmith and shoer for
camp, HO, found and free fare; blacksmith's
helper, no shoeing, near city, $2 a day; ma-
chine miners. $3 a day; hand miners. $2 SO a
day; coal miners. $2 50 day or by contract;
muckers for quartz mine, $2 a day; wood-
' choppers for mining company, $1 50 and $2 a
cord: milk few cows and chores, $25; vege-
table gardener, same ranch, $25; young man
for nursery. $23 and found; milker, Oakland.
$13; fruit pickers. $26 and board; 4 orchard
hands, $26 and board; o farmers for steady
place near San Mateo, light work, $20: orchard
hand and wife: choreman, country, $25; lunch
counter man, $50: cook for boat. $50; waiter.
- country. $30; hostler, country, $30; dishwasher,
Oakland, $30. W. D. EWER & CO.. 610 Clay.
WANTED— Free fare, for railroad work and
rock work. In California, Nevada and Utah;
S. P. R. R. Co.; no contractors; good wages
and only $1 fee; no other expense. W. D.
EWER A. CO., 610 Clay st.
WANTED — American. English or Scotch gar-
- dener and some driving, near city. $25 and
found; gardener, San Mateo County, $25. W.
. D. EWER & CO.. 610 Clay 8t.
WANTED — Second cook for Government sur-
veying party. $35 and found, fare paid, sea
I-arty at office. W. D. EWER & CO., 610
Clay st.
WANTED— 10 men handy with saw and ham-
mer. $40 and found, and 10 laborers to help
them at $35 and found; this work will last
all winter and H your fare is paid. W. D.
EWER & CO.. 610 Clay st.
A— C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st
200 teamsters. Nevada $2 a day
100 teamsters, Bakersficld $2 a elay
200 teamsters. Coast road $2 a day
20 tunnelmen for big tunnel, Chatsworth
Park, Lob Angeles County. $2 to $2 50 a day..
Ship dally Ofllce fee $1 Free fare
10 almond pickers. $1 day and board: band
saw filer. $100; planerman, $50; screw turner,
$40; blacksmith, country shop. $2 25 to $2 59
a day; 6 quartz miners. $2 50 day; 6 coal
miners, $2 50 a day: farmers, milkers, stable-
men, choremen and others
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Meat ar.d pastry cook, country hotel, $55;
baker, country hotel. $15; baker, country ho-
tel. $40. fare advanced: second cook, country
hotel, $45; third cook, $30; third cook. $60; 20
dishwashers and kitchen hands, $20. $25 and
$30; 6 bell and elevator boys. $15 to $20
• Washer, hand laundry, country hotel, $30:
washer. Institution, $30; extra Ironer. coun-!
try, $2, free faro
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary st.
A — 10 COLORED waiters, hotel, north, $30 and
fare advanced. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104
, Geary st.
MAN and wife to cook and bake in an insti-
tution: must take, full charge; $60. Apply
MRS. NORTON,, 313 Sutter st.
IRONER, country. «$35 and found; cook, hotel,
.$45. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter St.
BUTLER, club." $43: butler, country, $35. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
BARKERS' Progressive Union— Free employ-
ment. H. Bernard. Sec. 104 7th; tel. Jessie. 152.
WANTED — A competent man to take charge
of department of ladies' underwear, hosiery,
. sloves, etc.
Only those with city experience need ap-
ply.
Address E.. box 1966, Call office.
} ZZZ i l '\C' :
BOY 15 to 18 years old wanted to attend soda
water fountain. Inquire 810 Market Bt, be-
tween 1 and 2 p. m. --r '
WANTED — Steady man, with small capital;
permanent place; will pay $65 per month
year round; light work. 1016 Market st. r. 10.
YOUNG boy wanted to drive wagon; fair sal-
; ary: board if desired. California Dairy, 2403
; California 8t.
GRADUATE optician (Al refractlonlst), neat
appearance; elderly person preferred; salary
$20 week. Box 3261, Call office.
WANTED— An elderly. man to help in kitchen:
northeast corner First and Brannan sts. In-
- quire at Excelsior at 10 o'clock. /
I A— THIRD hand to assist In bread and cake;
¦¦ day .work. - Modern -Bakery. 344 Sixth Bt.
BOY nt the CALIFORNIA CLOTHING RENO-
•.¦•VATORY,'-116 Geary st. ; call Monday.
WANTED— A man to work about a place. 1443
. Harrison . st.
BARKEEPER wanted — Sober man, at the Can-
i, teen, * southeast corner Greenwich and Lyon.
BOY wanted to strip tobacco. Apply at 18V4
- Fifth St. '¦¦'¦-.
WANTED— A first-class barber. 141 Ellis st.
WANTED— Good barber; steady work. ,'112«4
. Eddy st. ,- :¦¦¦-¦.
BUSHELMAN; middle aged...' .204 Powell st.
WANTED— 2 white bootblacks, . $10 each per
• week. •: 217 Montgomery st.
WANTED— A young man to wait at table.
Olympic Cafe. . 44 Stockton . st. .
WANTED— Painter. 2S75 Sixteenth st.
FIRST-CLASS barber wanted at 304 O'Farrell
: street. . ,. ,
WANTED— Boy -to -run. errands. 2000 Flllmore
tVi street.;. ;.¦/¦;•> ¦' ¦¦ : ¦ ,
BOY wanted -to run errands and do work in
_•, grocery, store. ' 701 Hayes st.
BOY, $4 per week; also a waiter. 212 O'Fnrrell
- street. ;- ¦'.¦ \ : ' '¦' . ¦' ". -_¦'.' ".';••;
¦WANTED-A i baker's helv>er. Apply between
- 10 ; a.m; and, 2; p.':. m.; 39-lVi Harrison st ¦-:.
wanted: must carry.trays and do por-
1.3 ter work.* 37 Eddy Bt. -J^SSSiiSiSrSSS * 1
iWANTED— A ' barber for. evenings. .Wednesday
1 Saturday, and ; Sunday. ¦, 115 Sixth . st. ;j,:.
DISHWASHER ; wanted - at ; 217 Sixth st. Ex-
-, oelMor, Restaurant : call early. ',
MAN ' wanted to work In kitchen and wash
.. dlsl:e3. 238 : First- hi .5M[iUil!iltJ_M
BOOTBLACK for barber shop . and to " clean
:.. baths. ¦- ..:¦ 120 ¦ Geary., sf :¦* . ' us. -¦ . -
BARBER— Good workman wanted. 120 Geary
»:- street. i'.'"\_;,:*- ¦;"¦¦¦;- . ¦-.-.. . -..- ¦ ; • ¦ ¦ ¦ >:¦•-*
I WANTED— A • steady barber. > 402 Brannan st.
HELP WA5TED— MALE.
A-MURRAT ft' nEADT:. . .PHONE MAIN 5S48
...Leading Employment and Labor Agents...
......... Want 7 a. m. Monday
......'. .....WE SHIP FREE
Men for all part3 of California. Utah, Wash-
ington, Arizona. Oregon. Colorado. Nevada
and Hawaiian Islands.
........Free fare and office fee only $1... ..'...
Special to-day to the following districts:
' DUNSMUIR REDDING SHASTA
HERNDON FRESNO MENDOTA
Ix-.s Anceles and Santa Barbara districts
Reno (Nev.) and Truckee districts
Crews Landing and Newman districts
San Luis and Surf, districts
Bakersficld ........and Madera districts
Salt Lake City Soda Springs
and other points..... good wages
WE SHIP FREE come one, corne all
It only costs $1 fee and no other expenses
come see
MURRAY & RCAP.T. 631-63S Clay st.
A— Free Salt ,.Free
Fare Lake Fare
Free City Free
Fare UtaJi Fare
We ship to-day to Salt Lake City to-day
laborers, etc. MURRAY & READY. 634-63S
. Clay street; free fare.
A— WHEELWRIGHTS CARPENTERS
23 carpenters for different places, house build-
ing, mines, ranches, etc.: also rough carpen-
ters, wages from $2 50 day to $67 50 and found
6 carpenters, company work free fare
Wheelwright, country shop $3 day
18 blacksmiths -and horseshoers. for shops.
ranches-, etc S40, $50 and found,. $3 day
Timberman, mininc company
Coopers bridge builders woodworkers
LOOK HER FOR HANDY MEN!
Any men handy with hatchet will suit this
Job: 23 men- to build flame.* $30. $35. $W and
found; lorg Job
FRUITPICKERS FRUITPICKERS
150 men and boys to pick all kinds of fruits,
gather almonds, etc.. J2H and $30 and found
WE TAY YOUR FARE
And ship to tl~<e eawmlils and woods 238 la-
borers for 23 different sawmills. $25 to 340 and
found, anybody will suit: 93 wo«klsm<?n. mill-
men: also all kinds of planing mill help, $35,
$S0. $B5. $70. $60. $40. $50. ?30 and found
364 woodenoppers, tlemakers, etc.. $3. $2 50. $2.
$1 and 75c cord, tools and food -found
121 farm hand3 $1">. $30, $2S and found
S6 milkers and buttermakers — £30, $25 found
Cheesemskers $35 and found
24 stablemen, etc $25. $50. $C0. $40. $30 found
18 hay balers, $3 day; also harvest crews
In San Francisco; all parts of California.
364 laboren* and teamsters. $2 50. $2. $1 7S day;
some board yourself home; boy« for Rtores,
factories, etc., city Jobs. cabinetmakers,
woodworkers, carrlagemakers. bridge build-
ers, etc.: coma see
Screw turner, s-awmill company, see bo*»s here
Edserman. tallyman, sawmill company
25 woodmen. Santa Cruz County. $.12 50 and fd
Sticker hand. $3 50 day Planer, $3 a day
Matrher. $3 a day Machine man. $3 a day
ALSO HUNDREDS OF POSITIONS
..NOT ADVERTISED COME SEE..
Farmer and wife, $40 to $45 and found, see
boss here. MURRAY & READY. €34-636 Clay.
A— SPF.CIAL For Monday morning
10 laboren for manufacurlng company, near
city. $2 40 day. any laboring men will suit....
Cook and wife for the mines
Book-keeper, rtenographer and typewriter,
country; boys cr young men to drive delivery
wagons. MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay.
TO the gold silver and other mines
150 slnele hand and machine miners anil Rur-
lelgh drillers $90, $75 and $60 and found
250 laborers for the mines In all parts of Cali-
fornia: anybody will suit. $10 to tv\ and found:
Tunnelmen Drillers Hammersmen
Teamsters and laborers, different city ar.d
country r'aces. $1 75 to $3 30 day. MURRAY
& RFTADY. 634-63fVO*ay st.
A— HOTEL ..RESTAURANT.. LAUNDRY Help.
32 cooks, city and country. $35 tn $50 and found
nlpo short order and night cooks
. Second and third cocks for mines..,..
$35 and $40 and foand
Walters for the mines. $30 and found: ' 15
•waiters, city and country. $25 and $30 and fd
Bakers and helpers, $10. $35 and $30 and found
Washers, starchers and lroners for laundries
Butchers pantry men handy
men for Institution, etc.: lunch man for cafe.
$50 and board. MURRAY 4: READY. 634-638
Clay st. ¦ -
WANTED— Recruits for tho United States Ma-
rine Corps. V. 8. Navy, able-bodied, unmar-
ried men of good character, between the. ages
of 21 and 35 years; not less than 5 feet 4
inches and not over 6 feet 1 Inch In height;
must be citizens of the United States or per-
sons who have legally declared their Inten-
tions to become citizens; able to read, write
and -<peak English properly. For further In-
formation apply at the Marine Recruiting Of-
fice. 40 Ellis St.. San Francisco, Cal.. K0 K St..
Sacramento. Cal., or 1058 J St.. Fresno. Cal.
ERRAND boy. CALIFORNIA FEATHER
WORKS. 1277 Pacific st. '
WANTED— A second cook. 29 Fourth at.
SHOEMAKERS on repairs; steady work. 883
Mission St.. bet. First and Second sts.
WANTED— Boy porter. 225 Grant ave.
AGENTS— Latest novelty: llberal_terms. »36H
Howard st. " '
DRIVER for milk wagon at S16 Treat ave.:
German or Scandinavian preferred.
EXPERIENCED waiter coffee house; good sal-
ary. 612 Keamy st.
BOARDING-HOUSE cook; Is handy man for
kitchen and dining-room. 2013 Folsom st.
WANTED— A driver solicitor for dyeing and
cleaning works. Address box 1655, Call office.
LUNCH waiter "wanted. 223 Brannan st,
PORTER at 19 Powell st.
BARBERS- 2-chalr shop for sale. 1 Spear St..
near Market. ¦
BOY not under II- years at H. PLANZ ft
SON'S. E65 Geary -?.'
GOOD basters on coats; also one all round
tailor. 27 C-eary Bt.
YOUNG man to help In bakery: German pre-
f erred. S29 McAllister St.: wages $20.
JEWELERS— 328 Bush st., third floor, room 4.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25c
to 50c. £62 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
WANTED— 100 men. machine hands, bench
hands, for planing mill work. Apply C. L.
INGLAR. President MUlman's Association.
at Fourth and Washington sta.. Oakland. Cal.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanic* to know
that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third *•..: ISO large
rooms; 25c per night: $1 to S- * «¦«»•<.
NEW goods: quick sales; so.- commis-
sion: city or country. Tb» ¦ ••—ring Co.,
Flood building.
ALL sizes men's shoes. sllghtt> t-rmrM. half
price. 863 Mission st. bet. '" • ~« ?d «t».
SAILORS, ordinary seamen and green hands;
all parts of world. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart.
FIRST-CLASS cigarmakers. 32S Bush st. third
floor, room 4. •
BOY or man to do Janitor work for tuition at
S. F • Barber School, 741A Howird st.
VEST-MAKER who understands running fac-
tory. 541 Market st.
COAT makers, coat pressers and vest opera-
tors. 541 Market St.
PENSIONS-GEO. D. CAMPBELL, lawyer. 1»
years' practice: Examiner building.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st. near Mar-
ket; TOO rooms, 23c night: reading room: free
bus and ba*c*rage to and from th« ferry.
LINDELL House, corner Sixth and Howard-
Roomy 15c to 25c per night; 73e to $2 per week.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore. st
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 109« Va-
lendA st.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United State* nr Canada nn» yenr for $1.
IIORSKS, LIVE STOCK. Etc For Sale
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, baggie*
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market!
127 Sixth st; auction sales every Wednesday
SULLIVAN A DOYLE. Auctioneers.
FOR SALE— Little marc, gentle, for lady. $53;
8 years old; party leaving the city: to-day
only; must be gold to-day. SO Geary st.
BUGGY mare, gentle, for lady, for sale; 950 lbs-
S»years old; $33; from 9 a, m. to 1 p. m. 114
Stockton st.
:O r, H S. AD . ? 1 S ft - c » rrt **e -nd saddle horses.
Occidental Horse Exchange. 721 Howard st
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
IS rages. In wrapper, for mailing. SI per year.
HOUSES TO LET.
'A— PRINTED list; houses to let: send for dr~
cular. Q. H. TJMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
i BROADWAY, 1912, nr. Octavla— € rooms, bath.
j * laundry: marine. vitw; lent $20.
/GREENWICH. 2015. near Buchanan. $22. THE
,| MCCARTHY CO..--4f. Market st.
GROVE, 720—4 large sunny rooms; sunny =ep-
arate yard; garden; bath; gas. .
KOWARD. 1105— Upper part n( tow. S nl<^
I sunny rooms: hot and cold water; rent $16 SO.
. HOWARD. K07— Hou.«e 10 rooms, bath and
i 'laundry: French range; large' garden.
4 $4S— FINE modern corner house. 8 rooms and
both. Devif.iUero ami Hnyes sta.
¦ HOUSES TO LIST FUIt.VISHED.
COTTAGE 6 mi s.. nr. the'Park; 111 De Long
. ave.-' Geo. ,W. H. , Patterson & Co. 1706 Market.
TO let— For . 1 or 2 yenrs. a large, finely fur-
nished house ¦ near ? Pacific • ave. : fine marine
• view; rent reasonable. Address box 1947," Call.
LOST AXD FOUND. «(K
LOST— Afternoon of ISth Inst.. Jn HalKht-«t. \ {
car or Kearny at. from California to Market,
or Market from Ke*irny to Sixth, parse con-
taining about $30, gold and silver; also few
papers; liberal reward. Address box lejS.Call.
LOST— U gold piece of chain, with cross at-
tached, between 4*"*i Sixth st. and 5 Taylor.
Return to 4S' 3 Sixth st and receive liberal
reward.
LOST — Black water spaniel doic: short tail.
Reward 35 K returned to 324 Thirtieth st.
LOST— $2 50 reward, for gold-rim eyeglasses.
Please return to 1101 Market st.
MEDICAL.
DR. and MRS. DAVIES, 1223 Market sti— Reli-
able ladles' and seats' specialists: 12 years"
practice: have treated thousands of cases suc-
cessfully; a positive cure Kuaranteed at of-
fice; ladies treated can return home the- same
day; try the celebrated HINDO HERB treat-
ment for home cure: any one can us« It by di-
rections: prefectly harmless; home for conflne-
ment. Send five 2-cent stamps for circular.
MRS. DR. KOIIL. the well known and reliable
ladles' specialist; guaranteed treatment at of-
fice. $3: positive cure: home for patients be-
fore and during confinement: skillful medical
attention: consultation free and confidential
«S Eddy St.. bet. Leavenworth and Hyde.
DR. O. W. CDONNELL. the world-renowned
ladles* specialist: safe and reliable: hits prac-
ticed In San Francisco for years; treated thou-
1 panda of cases successfully; treatment can b«
used at home; consultation free. After all
others fall call on him. 1023*4 Market st.
DRS. GOODWIN, well-known ladles* specialists,
have returned from Europe: safean<l reliable;
' cure $5; have treated thousands of cases with
nuccess: 15 years' practice In S. F. : maternity
home; low fees. lOOTVi Market st.. near Slxtn.
A STRICTLY private, secluded residence, away .
from crowded thoroughfares and the public i
gaze, for the treatment of wom»n: confine- j
merit cases t-ikqen. MRS. DR. FL'NKE. HI*"
Eighth St.. Alameda.
MrtS. DR. WTETH. reliable specialist: 25 yrs."
practice; home In confinement; treatment at
office. $3: any ailment; consultation free; con-
fidential. 942 Post st.. bet. Hyde and Larkln.
DR. NO TOT KEE. late of Canton. China: dis-
eases of all kinds cured; herbs and teas: sani-
tarium 704 Sacramento, cor. Kearny ;advlce free.
DR. POPPER, ladles' physician; call on physi-
cian with man's knowledge: treatment can
be used at home. tn*> Kea-rny stu
MRS M. ALLEN. 1033 Market— Ladles' special-
ist; borne In confinement; *afe and reliable;
consultation free: hours ID to 3.
DR. and MR3. M. WEGEXErt- Private home
In confinement. 1313 Golden Gate ave.
DR. WISE— The only irenulne ladles' specialist.
Office 1113 Market st.
DR. 'WONG HIM. herb doctor, treats all dls-
ra«es of the ruman body. 115 Mason st.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call 18 pa*e<i. sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
postage paid.
MISCELLANEOUS — FOR SALE.
BOILERS, enelnes. 2d-hand machinery. Me-
INTOSH & WOLEMAN. 195-137 Fremont St.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters,
linoleum, store and office furniture and fix-
tures: new and second-hand: we always have
a laree stock of saloon outfits on hand: 32
complete outfits on our floor, ready mad-; w»
can ship everything In 21 hours. J. NOONAN".
1017. 1019. 1021, 1023 Mission st. above Sixth:
¦write for catalogue.
FOR sale cheap— 1 larne coal wagon, 1 delivery
wagon, 1 cart, 1 double set harness, 1 single
•et. scale, truck and slfrn board: stable and
barn. ya»<l and office to let. Apply 2101 Cen-
tral ave.. Alameda-
FOR sale, at a bargain— 28-ton schooner yacht,
with fixtures and fittings, complete; In first-
class condition, very stanch and roomy; suit-
able for lone cruises. For particulars ad-
dress box 2231. Call office. .
50.000 GALLONS redwood tank and frame: 13,« <
000 feet 3. 4 and 6 inch pipe. THOMPSON. I
49 Main at. . •
A — BUTS. sells or rents gear machinery en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 21C Spear st.
20-FOOT gasoline launch for sale, cheap: »>4
horsepower engine; full cabin: In perfect con-
dition. Address box 3SS2, Call office.
A— 100 H. P. engine. bol!er, two drill air com-
pressor. J.VRDINE3. 220 Fremont St.
A — $3 SO DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 75. Pop-
ular Price Hatters. 230 Kearny st., near Pine.
FINE sealskin Jacket for J120; cost $3)0. UN-
CLK HARRIS. U Grant ave.
A 14-KARAT gold stem-winding watch. 123.
worth $60. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant ave.
TALKING parrots for ml* at 343 Brannan «t.
FOUR-HORSE power Otto gas engine, lln*
shaft and hangers; cheap. 1522 Market st.
IS CANDLE-POWER dynamo: first class: se«
at 1003 Mission st. EPSTF.IN. US Mission st.
2D-HAND photographic and isagic lantern out-
fits bought, sold, exchanged. 103 Montgomery.
A 10-TON Fairbanks «cale' and Bra and burzlar
proof safe. 2 IS California st.
FIRST-CLASS second-hand modern engines and
boilers bought and sold. KROGH Mfg. Co.
ID-HAND gasoline and steam engines, lathes,
etc.; general machine work. 137 Beale st.
2D-HAND engines, boilers, dynamos, motors,
and gasoline ens. H. S. White. 516 Mission.
A FINE suit. $10: dress pants. *2 73. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st.
TYPEWRITER. No. 2 Smith Premier: lata
model: cheap. Typewriter Exchange. 409 Cal.
EDISON concert phonograph: reduced price.
$73; concert records. $150. Badgalupl, 033 Mkt.
PORTABLE engines, boilers: Iron and wood
planers, lathes; 2d-hand. J. Burke. 133 Beale.
JD-HAXD fire-proof safe; 1 fire and burj!3i_.
proof safe; cheap. 42 Main st. J^
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand: movln<
pictures. BULLARD A BRKCK. 131 Post st.
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento at.
SAFES— New and second-hand: all sizes. THE
WALTZ SAFE. 103-111 Market St.. San Fran.
CHEAPEST and beat In America— The Weekly
Call. 18 pages, sent to any address In the.
United States or Canada one year for tl-
MISCELLANEOUS \VA*TS.
WANTED— A copper, tin-lined soda fountain,
not less than 20 gallons and guaranteed to
stand 230 pounds pressure. Address P. O.
txxxJSO, Sacramento. Cal. »
WANTED— Three bears: any ace or color. Ad-
dress L. SEELIGER. 3318 Mission St.. 3. F.
KLEIN still pays best price for clothing, bric-
a-brac and books. 109 Sixth St.: tel. Jessie 141.
HIGHEST price paid carpets, odd pieces of fur-
nitun.-. BLAND'S. 79 Ninth; tel. Howard 11S2.
SEALSKINS are what we pay big prices for.
PORTLAND LOAN OFFICE. 25 Stockton st.
IF you wish full value for your cast-off tlothip<
call on B. COHEN. 157 Third: tel. Biaci* 'R
MO>EY TO LOA.V
ANT amount at « per cent; 1st. 2d and 3d mort-
gages, undivided Interest, real estate In pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
lay: get my terms before doing business else-
where. R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, r. X
ANY proposition, any amount; 8 per cent; first,
second mortgages, estates In probate. Interest
In estates, legacies, corporation loans, chattel
mortgages, life insurance. Room 18, first Boor,
Chronicle bldg. HALLORAN & OLSEN.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 848 Market
St.; tel. Main 1644. Branch 12 Third st.
ON furntiure and piancs without removal: qulclc ¥
service; mopey direct; lowest Interest. Rooms '
<S and «3. Ponohoe building. 1170 Market st.
ON real estate. 1st and 2nd mortgages and on
furniture or pianos: no removal: any amount:
lowest rate. BECKER & CO.. 28 Montgomery.
vost reliable place to borrow on diamonds,
watches Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL. 10 Sixth:
highest price for old gold, tllver. diamonds.
LOANS r"-'-\-gjl^iiii^\^'rifB^'iivRS
6*.**H.**HARSHBARGER. 322 Ellis, room 34.
AT 12S Kearny St.. room 9, respectable privat*
place to borrow on watches, diamonds: lowest
rates; take elevator. Telephone Davis 395.
rfli roo at 8 per cent in sums to suit tn city; also
lluO 00O on large ranches: also on second mort-
gas'eT R. J. MERCER & SON. 412 Pine st.
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
pianos: no removal; low rates; confidential.
BCNELLl. 301 Jong? 1 ft., corner Eddy.
ON furniture and pianos; no removal; confi-
dential : en diamonds, etc. 33 Taylor at.
H MURPHY. C30 Market st.. solves all kinds ot
financial problems: Id mortgages, estates, -tc.
TO ealarled people without security: all busl-
ness confidential. Toualey Co.. 321 Parrott big.
ON furniture, pianos: 3 per cent p«r month; no
commission. Sirs. WlUcn. rm. 101. 8 Eddy st.
ANY sum. 1st or 2d mortj-ases. estates in pro-
bate, chattels, etc. R. 6C3. Examiner building.
CASH loaned to ««alaried psoplr on note without
Indcrser. MORKKLL. 600 Examiner butWUr.g.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal: nrwA-Tn-
missinn: private. LICK. 116 McAWster at. '
: TO salaried men without collateral or tndorser.
S..F. Discount Agency. 113 Phelan building.
CHEAPF.ST nnd best In America— Tho Weekly
• Call. • 1« ' pages. . sent > to any address .tn tho
United States or Canada one year tor fLSun, Moon and Tide.
MONDAY, AUGUST 20.
United State* Coast and Geodetlo Survey—
. Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point:
the height of tide is the same at both places.
Steamer Movements.
NOTE— In the . above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are- given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column gives the second tide of
the day, -the third time column the third tide
and: the last or right, hand column gives the.
last tide of the day. except when there are. but
three tides, aa sometimes occurs. The heights
given are in addition to the. soundings on th<*
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height,
and then the number given is subtracted from
th« depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference ls the mean of the lower low waters.
TO ARRIVE.'
TO SAIL.
Shipping Intelligence.
. Sunday, August 19.
Stmr Walla Walla. Hall. Victoria.
- Stmr Bonita; Nlcolson, San Pedro.'
Stmr Newbursr, Peterson, Grays Harbor.
Schr Antelope. Asplund.' Coqullle River.
Schr/Abble, . Peterson. Casoar. „
'Schr "Archie and.Fontie, Johannsen. :
wSchr Albion,", Goodman,- Coqullle River/
¦/¦.:.;¦ TELEQRAPHia l V .,
POINT- LOBOS. ?Aug 19, (10 p. m.)— Weather
foggy ; '. wind ; SW : : velocity .12 mllea.;:> *™|aatBBf
' -, DOMESTIC PORTS. ¦'; ',;
. PORT TOWNSEND~ArrJved . Aiig • 1»-Bark
Northern Light.; from Cape Nome.
> SEATTLE— Arrived "' Aug : IS— Br stmr Arab.'
from Mojt; U S:8tmr Manzanlta.. ¦.'.';.-¦*
Sailed -¦ Aug ,1*— Stmrs; Aberdeen., City of To
peka" and ¦ Humboldt. f for Skagway. '^JhSHfAl
* ": V^v: '.',:¦ -' FOREIGN PORTS.
, MANILA— Arrived Aug IS— U S stmr ' Grant,
hence ' July 3. . • - w_
¦ ¦ OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEWj. YORK— Sailed \ Aug i 19-Stmr Kaiser
Wilhelm II," for Naples and, Gonoa."; . —
1 1 QUEKNSTOWN— Arrived '. AO« 19— Stmr r Um
.bria;>from 7 Liverpool for New York. - ¦
fr. SOUTHAMPTON:— Arrived Aug 19 — Stnir
Aller.t from! New tYorlc' -=-.--. . 'v . . ; .
8alled rAug ' 19— Stmr Crosser. Kurfurus, ; from
Bremen f or. New ..York."- -:.--¦.•.- - '.,¦ • ¦ ¦',
«-< SCILLEY — Passed - Aug « 19-^-Stmr - Southwark, •
, from Antwerp for New York;
SAILED.
;/*. Sunday, August 19.
Stmr Francis Cutting. Walker, 9 days and G
hours from Kodlak. ' ¦
Stmr Qrace ¦ Dollar, ; Dorris, 76 hours . from
Grays • Harbor. ' -...-¦¦
Stmr Sunol,' Green, 23 hours from Ueal.,
Btmr Santa Ro«a, Alexander, 61 hours from
San Dleso, etc.
Stmr Peru. Irvine, 18 days from Panama. •
• Stmr Cleone, - Madsen, " 17 hours from Caspar.
Stmr Sequoia, Wlnkel, 15 hours from Fort
Stmr Orizaba, Shea,' 23 hours from Eureka.
: Stmr Empire, Nelson. 70 hours from Coos Bay.
Stmr Gipsy, Leland, 27 hours .-. from Mosa
Landlnr. _ ««„ v . -k.
¦Stmr Czarina, Seaman, 100 hours from Oyster
Harbor. "^ u i - v . v "^ ' ' y - - ¦ ¦
Stmr Pomona, Randall. 65 hours from Seattle.
' Schr ' Mary C, Campbell, - 9 • hours • from Kort
Ross.
ARRIVED.
BEAIi : . ESTATE TRANSACTIONS. 1
:l Lalla'T." Allen (by Carl W. , Elf ving", ',commls
6ioner) to California Title Insurance and Trust
Company," lot on ' NW ¦ corner < of Hermann 'and
Webster streets,- N j 24 ; by XVU 1 81:3 ; ¦> also I lot ; on
E line of Middle . street,: 87:6 S * of ' California,
8 : 25 by, E ¦ 89; ' also | lot : oni S • line I of California
street.-81 \V. of Webster. W B4by S,87:6;. $16,324.
= i Henry Mahan.CbyjB. P.' Oliver, commissioner)
to ' Hibernla | Savings I and I Loan Society,'; lot ] on
BW corner of , Eddy : and Broderick streets, W
100. by S;l37:6;;$7440.- ' . :: . .-. -.:.-• '¦' :
¦•-; Stephen^and'Annie Macumber to Kate Dur
ham.-i lot • on ¦ N : line ¦ of ; Elliott v Park.v 242 » W » of
Steiner.'W. 22 >by : N 170 : (Hamilton > Square) ; 1 $10.
' City and County of San Francisco to Frank,
GRAND HOTEL
A J Larcon. Lodl
J H Parker. .Coif ax
M Gauldln, Kansas Cy
H McCrcary. Kansas C
W G Woods. Sacto
W Stanley & w. Cal
J ' Stelser, Alameda
W Sheridan. Oakland
H Bettelhelm. S Mateo
J S Williams, U 3 N
E A Gilbert. Sacto
G Helborg.'Alvarado
H T Smyth, S Lorenzo
G Lyndon, S Lorenzo .
F ; Llppman. Berkeley
H Jones, N Y
H L Gltz. Iowa i
W Byram & w, L Ang
R Seltzer. < Redding
W R Moody. Grldley
R Sheus. : L Ane 9
J Dantermann, Minn ;
G.Johnson. ReddinK
3. Wilkinson. Red Bluff
R Q Hudson. Hanford
E H Huert _ w. Wls
L Huert, Wis
E Brctdenbach. L Ang
J Gallagher. Fresno
J Fltzpatrick. Dallas
HE Weston. Willows
Dr Reid & w. S Diego
H Monroe. Portland
L M Cutts. US A
V Hartley, Vacavllle
W O Dow. -L Ang
G H Wright. Boston
Miss Brown, Eureka
Miss Falkenberg, Cal
D Sivler. Eureka
.9. Boynton. Ferndale
|E M Coooer, Ferndale
A Palmer." Fresno
tlVT Lalnc. N Y
C F Staver. Canyon
Mrs Blackburn. Cal ¦
T Blackburn, Cal
L L Shackelford. Cal
W Bramhall. S Maria
E H. Haserman. Cal
W E Pulliam. El Paso
C H Read. S. S. O.
S S Hall. Sacto
W Lucas. S Maria
A Ellington, L Ang
T Klrkwood & w. la
K Raaf. Reclamation
W Nichols, Courtland
W Taylor, Lafayette
G Threlkel, Newcastl«
Miss Threlkel, Newest
L Sherman. La Grande
Dr D J Vogelman & w,
Vallejo .,
H Harrell, w & d, Cal
R Berecke & w, -Mo
D Loftus & w. Atlanta
G 8 McKenrle, Napa
A Cutts & w, Marysvl
Dr Burkett. Willows
G H Burkltt. Willows
F Carter, Dalles .
J McCormick. Keddins
PALACE HOTEL.
C F French, Tenn
L G House. Phila
Miss A Jarvls, Phlla
G Tyson, I Boston
HE Stewart. Reno;
G Griman. Paris
F J Miller, Chicago
E W Woodcock, Chlgo
H Tracey. Chicago
HL Smith. Vallejo
Mrs J F Eastman. Cal
MIbs M Eastman, Cal
H Healey. Marysville
I Churchill. Napa
G Chaffee _ w. Vt _
MIssC n rh«"-». •¦•' '.
Miss A M.Chaffee, Vt
F _ Chaftee.'-Vt: ¦
W' L ' Harris, v Lo Ang
EM O'Brien. Chicago
G Thorsell, Chicago
CS Truax & w, NY
Miss K Truax. NY
H Truax. N Y
D Shrlder. Hamburg
EC Blackburn, St Ls
G E Babcock & w. Cal
J S Cravens &. w, Cal
T Wetsendargy, Ls An
E L Sargent & w.L An
Dr Mercer. _ w,,N J'
W- N Camp,' Fla
J F Parks, Jackson !
F, H Moon & w. S Jose
J A Erwln- N T
R E Jack. 8 L Obispo
W II • Checkering, -Oak
C W Lamont. Bakrsfld
F A Farnham. Boston
E S Easley, Texas .
V Conn, Oregron
Miss M Halnes. Nev
F J Garcia, N Y \
W. A Banks, Cleveland
NEW. WESTERN HOTEL.
J McCathcart & 8. L A
J Overholt,", Md '
J B Semolle.Cal .
J > Kredrlckson ¦ & im, '
. Petaluma , , '¦-: •'¦¦•"• ¦¦'¦"
E Cehettrins &,w, Sac
MrsLaceyft d.Cal >
C W Georse, Boston v • <
J i Segrave, • BprinRfleld
': E : Nelson,'; Cincinnati .=
W Meehan. Ogdcn ¦
*A H McNulty,' Yallejo
J H -Randolph, -Chlcag
f A Massey, Baltimore ¦
J.Gabln, Calr -
J J Brown, Sta Monica
J Mulroy, Ingleslde Y;< .
B Fechyen, Los Angr ,
J W. Johnson, Needles
B J . Weaver. ¦ Needles
T Lake. ¦ Merced . ¦¦¦¦-¦¦
Rev AM Grussl.Ind
A Sylvester, Sta Roaa^
RE Price,. Minn;:,-;,
G W- Flags. ¦ Boston ,
G W Gordon." Boston
W Chinn,- Vallejo ' -•'¦
I.Wilsner, Mt \ r lew
T R Mllener, Mt View
G-Small.vMt View
C ' Hammond. Mt View
Miss.Wadt, Sacto
D Baker,- Bakersfleld :
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
Weather .Report
(I20th Merldian-Paclflo Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, Aug. 19-5 p. m.
¦ The following are the maximum temperatures
reported from stations in California to-day:
Kureka 62|Los Angeles. 74
Mount Tamalpals.... 55 Sacramento 7S
Independence 78 San Luis Obispo..... 72
Red Bluff..... 80 San Diego... 70
Fresno SZ
San Francisco data: Meximum temperature,
69; minimum, 67; mean, 63.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
;-;»• . FORECAST.
¦ An area of low pressure, overlies the plateau
region, while the highest pressure is reported
from the Southern California coast. There has
been a rise in pressure over the Pacific slope
during the last twenty-four hours. • . • •
The temperature has fallen over Central Ore-
Ron and Northern California and risen over
Oregon and Washington.
Generally cloudy weather is reported along
plateau and Rocky Mountain regions.
Thunderstorms are reported from Eastern
Oregon and Southern Utah.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending mldnlgrht, August 20. 1900:
Northern California— Generally . threatening:,
probably t with showers In. north portion, fair
in south portion, to-night and Monday; fresh
Southern California — Fair Monday; fffesh west
wind. •/¦¦•
Nevaflar-Generally. cloudy, probably ' with
showers, Monday.
Utah — Probably thunderstorms Monday.
Arizona — Probably thunderstorms Monday.
San Francisco, and vicinity— Threatening 1 ,
probably with showers, Monday: fresh west
wind. ¦ . #1. H. WILLSON.
Local Forecast Official.
Fred L. Pritchard ¦ (owner) with Thomas H.
Day & Sons (contractors), architect Frank R.
Holland— AH work for a three-story and rough
basement • frame I building oti'N, line of Turk
street, 112:6 E of Leavenworth. E 25 by JJ
137:6; $9968. .
' L. O. Adams (owner) with William Tegeler
(contractor), architect -r— . . All work, for a
three-story frame building (fiats) on X line of
Nineteenth street. 150 W of Valencia, W 30 by
N 100: $12,188. ¦• . . .
Alvinza Hayward (owner). Western Ex
panded Metal ' and I Fireprooflhg Company (con
tractors) with Smythe Brothers <sur>-contrac
tors), architect G.W. Percy— Plastering, orna
mental architraves and molding, columns and
beam flanges for building in course of erection
on NE corner of California and Montgomery
streets; $16,000. ' ¦
Builders' Contracts.
Bier & Regansburgrer ' ( Joseph E. and Annie
Bier. Melville M. and Theresa Regensburger)
to AVilliam A. Deane, lot on E line of Twenty
third avenue. 150 X of Point Lobos avenue X
75, E 120. S 23, 12 120, S 25, W 120, S 25, W 120;
$10. » - .- - .
James W. Smith to John McCormlck. lot on
SE line of Howard street, 455 SW of First.
SW. 25 by SE 85: |10. •- =
" Charles W. Freeman to James Keith, lot* on
S'llne of.ValleJo street, 77:3 W of Baker, W
51:6 by v S 137:8; $2000. . ¦ ¦ <• • . ¦ -/
: John, Frank and Mary McCloskey and Cath
erine Flanagan to John A. and Frank A. Banz
haf.; same; J10. ¦ ¦ >
Cornelia A. Cabin to Margaret Haslam. lot
on . S line of ¦ Twenty-fourth ttreet, 25 E of.
Dougla-38, E 25 by 8 90; gift.
Taresa and Domenica Flgrone to Tebaldo
Guerra. • lot on S line of Vallejo, 117:8 W of
Montgomery. W 20 by S 45:6; 110. '
John F. and Grace M. Hagerty to Margaret
A. McAvoy (or McEvoy), lot on S line of Broad
way. 168:3 W of Taylor, "W 18:9 by S 60: |10. -
Bridget C. Dunne to James P. .Dunne, lot oc
SW corner of Jackson and Leavenworth etreets,
w C2:6 by S 87:6; $3. . • , •-.-:. :
Mary and John, McCloskey and Catherine Flan
agan, lot on N line of Nineteenth street,' 49 W
of Shotwell,- W 73:6, N S5.-E 25:6, S 32:6.-E 48,
THE SAN FRANCISCO
9
Sun rises
Sun seta ........
Moon rises .....
, .5:29
„.. ......;. .6:56
.'..:... ......1:06 a. m.
D Time
Si — — jFt.
20 ... 1:59—0.2
21 ... 2:49 —0.8
22... 3:34—0.3
23... 4:12-0.2
24 ... 4:45 0.1
25... '5:17 0.4
2« if. 5:47 0.8
Time
Ft.
H W
S:SS 4.4
9:44 . 4.6
10:23 4.9
11:00 5.0
11:35 5.2
12:08 5.3
12:38 5.3
Time Time
Ft. Ft.
I. W - H W
1:32 8.1 7:39 S.7
2:33 2.9 8:38 5.7
3:25 2.7 9:30 6.7
4:12 2.4 16:19 5.5
•4:55 . 2.1 11:04 -5.4
5:35 1.8 11:47 5.2
6:14| 1.7 .
Steamer.
From.
Due.
Tanls . . . [Hamburg .'. :
Umatllla .,| Victoria :...........
Arcata ICoos Bay
Pomona ..ISeattle .7. '..
Tltanla .:....... Nanaimo..
Grace Dollar... Grays Harbor X
North Fork..... Humboldt."... ....'.. ......*.
Coos Bay........ Newport..."
Washtenaw — Tacoma
Eureka ...."..... Humboldt..........
Columbia ....'.. Portland..........;......'.
Corona San Diego.. .T......
Crescent City .. Crescert City
Marlposa ....... Sydney/
Point Arena.... Point Arena .....:...
Bonlta ..:... — Newport..........
City of Puebla. Victoria......
Aug. 20
Au«r. 20
Auk. 20
Aur. 20
Auk. 20
Aug. 20
Aug. 21
Auk. 21
Aug. 22
Auff. 22
Aug. 23
Aug. 23
Aug. 23
Aug. 24
Aug. 24
Aug. 25
Aug. 25
Steamer. - I Destination.
Sails.
I Pier.
Pt.' Arena.. IPolnt Arena.. Aug. 50. 3 pmiPler 1
Del Norte.. Portland...... Aug. 20. 8 am Pier »i
St. Paul — Cape Nome... Augr. 20. 2 pm Pier 34
Empire .... Coos Bay Aug. 21, 10 am Pier 13
Gaelic ..... China &Japan Auk. 21. 1 pm PMS3
State Cal.. Portland Aug. 21, U am Pier 24
Santa Rosa San Diejro..... Aug. 21, 11 am Pier 11
Pomona ... HumboWt..... Aug. 21. 2 pm Pier 9
G. Dollar... Grays Harbor Aug. 22, I..;
Australia .. Honolulu Aug. 22, 2 pm Pier 7
Coos Bay.. Newport...;... Aug:23. 9 am Pier 11
BarracoutalCen. America. Aug. 23, v 12 m PMSS
Eureka .... 1 Humboldt Aug. 23, 10 am Pier 11
Arcata- :...|Coos Bay...... Ang. 23, 12 m Pier 13
Umatllla .. Victoria.:..... Aug. 24, 11 am Pier »
North ForklHumboldt Aug. 24. 12 m Pier 2
Czarina ....(Seattle Aug. 24. 11 am Pier 11
Corona ¦'.... I San tHetco.r... Au*r. 23. 11 ftm Pier 11
Columbia .|Portland.:..;.|Augr..26.'ll am Pier 24
REAL ESTATE— CODXTRY— Fop Sale
J10.000— A FINE bearing vineyard of 33 acres;
the crop reaUv in six weeks; estimated at
*_>00; district freo of frost nnd free of dis-
ease; 1V4 miles from Cloverdalc; wlnerj't ca-
|- pa city of 70.000 gallons; this place wants in-
! spoction to bo fully appreciated: will not be
for eale after the 1st of September. Address
T. J. D., 3« Cloverdale.
FOR sale— Farm,' 163 acres; 80 acres cultivated;
balance suitable for farming; vineyard, or-
chard, new house and cellar: 2 miles from
Grass Valley; will sell very cheap account of
age. HENRY PERSCHON. Grass Valley, Cal.
DILLON'S HEACH fo»- sale; finest summer re-
sort property on Pacific Coai-t; including cot-
tages and hotel. 900-a.cre ranch, horses, cattle,
farmins utensils: well watered. GEO. D__-
LON. Tomalcs. Marln County. Cal. .
REDWOOD timber lands In lots to suit: ISO to
10.000 or more acres in Jlendoclno County;
from ?3 to $10 an acre. Address P. ROTHEK-
MEL. 507 California st., S. F.
PRINTED list; farms and city property sold
and exchanged. M. GRIFFIN. 719 Market St.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
A LAMBDA ltEA_ ESTATE.
?25ro WILL build a new cottage of 6 rooms;
all complete; lot 60_120: Weber St.; same lot
with 5-room cottage $2330. J. H. YOUNG.
Builder. Ii13 Park B_
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY RE^L_!^Z*^_?l-_.
TO rent, near the university, a thoroughly
well appointed house of 10 rooms: In the very
best part of Herkeley; complete in every par-
ticular, with furnace, electric lights, gas. etc.
Apply to MASON _ McLENAHEN, adjoining
V. O.. Berkeley.
t»300— A NEW 6-room cottage ; connected with
can ar.d water mains: etreet work all done;
electric cars vass the property; cash or la-'
Ftallments. Apply to MASON _ McLENA-
TIIEN. adjolnlne P. O., Berkeley.
SAFE investment for J7C0O; block of land favor-
ably located '.par coming Santa Fe Railroad.
Particulars C.W1LLMOTT. 916 Market st..S.F.
FRUITVALE ADVERTISEMENTS
FRUITVAtE III". A I. ESTATE.
BUY a cozy place of the owner; 6 rooms and
bath; stable: chicken-houses; fruits; berries;
palms: flowers. Cameron St., few steps b_ck
of Altenheim.
SUNNY Fruitvale, near station; no fogs or
harsh winds; lovely lower flat. 4 rooms, fur-
nished: reasonable; adults. Address box 59.
Fruitvale. •
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
' OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
$3*.Cft-A NEW. modern cottajre of 7 rooms, com-
plete in every particular; interior flnis-h,
Frcrehed pine and China elass; nickel plumb-
ing: porcelain bath, etc: lot 36x120; cement
wall and walks; only 5 minutes from railro-d
nation; carriages at your service. J. S.
JOHNSON. 1002 Broadway. Oakland.
OAIvLA.MJ FCBMTCUE FOR SALE.
AN introduction to you from H. Schellhaas, the
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
AT 62 Second— Light housekeeping. $1 30 to $3 50
per wk. ; single and double, tl to %2 50 per wk.
CAPP. K2— To let, 5 or 8 large sunny rooms
for housekeeping.
EIGHTH. 34B. near Market — One or two nlc«»
sunny front bedrooms and kitchen, furnished
for housekeeping; hot and cold water.
ELLIS. 1127— Two nicely furniehed rooms, with
u«e of kitchen and dinlnK-room.
FIFTH, 34S— Suite of rooms; furnished for
housekeeping; cheap.
FOURTH. 303 — Nicely furnished rooms; sunny
and central location and housekeeping.
GEARY. S13%— Suite and kitchen turnished for '
housekeeping; also other rooms.
GOLDEN GATE ave., 1035—2. 2 or 4 furnished
nousckeepir.ff rooms. >
HAHRIPON. TS4H. near Fourth— Finely fur-
| nished sunny rooms;. bath; all conveniences;
homelike; Jl up.
HATES. 4U— 2 nicely furnished rooms and use
of kitchen for man and wife; $15 a month.
Call after 7 p. m.-
HOWARD. 834— Sunny parlors, $2 50; large
rooms, ti; suites, 12 50.
HO'.VARD. 1C63H— Sunny completely furnished
housekeepine rooms; also others.
LARGE furnished parlor and dining room,
kitchen and large bedroom; all conveniences;
cloee to broad and narrow gau_e stations.
2101 Central ave., Alameda.
MARKET, 1C2S— Large light room, with con-
nr dinar kitchen; furnished; folding bed; gas.
MASON. 1S19 — 2 or 3 sunny connecting rooms,
furnished complete for housekeeping.
MINNA. 401 — 2 sunny back rear rooms, fur-
nished complete for housekeeping.
MISSION, 1425— Nicely furnished rooms for
light housekeeping:.
MISSION. 1G04 — Front sunny bay- window rooty;
housekeeping permitted; private.
MISSION. 2SC3H— Two unfurnished rooms, with
use of kitchen; rent reasonable.
NATOMA, S84. near Fourth— 2 furnished house-
keeping rooms; water; sink; closet.
O'FARRELL. 742— Two or three neatly fur-
nished rooms for housekeeping. $11 to $20.
ONE large sunny room furnished complete for
housekeeping; rent $1 25 per week. - Apply at
Fhoest&re. S62 Mission Et.. bet. 1st & 2nd sts.'
POWELL, 903. near £acramento— 3 rooms, with
. gas, $12: sun all day. -
VALENCIA. 191— 2 well furnished front suites;
newly painled and' papered; every, conven-
ience; rent $10 each. -
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Ftllroore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
Fubscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st.
ROOMS TO LET Kurn. and Unfnrn.
A^bIrUNSwTcK HOUSE) 148 Slxtli-Rooms
I5c to Jl per night. 51 25 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping; open all night.
BOHEMIA. 239 Post— Finest sunny suites in
city for families and gentlemen: all conveni-
ences; special accommodation for tourists.
BURNETT. 142« Market (old No. 1S84)— Fur-
nished rms.. suites, single; also unfurnished.
BUSH, £20— Nicely furn. cunny rooms; $1 50 to $7
wk.; 25c to $1 50 night. MRS. P. RANFT.
BU_H. 726 — Lower floor of 4 unfurnished rooms
for housekeeping; S'ard; $13 &0. . '
BUSH, 1030, near Jones— Sunny rooms, newly
furnished, or unfurnished; with board; refs.
CALIFORNIA, 1257— Elegantly furnished room
to rent reasonable. ¦
' ELLIS, 639, corner Larkln— Sunny furnished
vfront room: double folding bed: for two.
EFSEX place, 1, off Essex St., Rlncon Hill—
3 unfurnished rooms; hot and cold water;
¦ bath. »
FIFTH. SiS— Sunny furnished single rooms; }4
and J5 per month. ¦
FOLSOM. 663, cor. 6th f The Oliver)— New f ur-
| . nished tunny rms. single or suites; reasonable.
GOLDEN GATE ave., 262— Nicely ; furnished
sunny front room.'
GRAND SOUTHERN, southeast corner Seventh
and Misvlnn ste.— Sunny room*, en *ulte or
single; ladles* parlor; reading-room; elevator.
HOTEL Franaisco— Elegant suites; single; tran-
sient ;r baths.- MHS. KINO. Turk and Taylor.
HOWARD, 823— Rooms from $1 week up-to J8;
25c to U night; also housekeeping rooms.
LAS PALMAS. 1SI0 Market St.— Bulte of 2 or 3
rms.; private; bath; sin. rms. ; board optional
MARKET. 10C5— Nicely furnished sunny rooms;
transient or by week.
MASON, 219— Newly, furnished rooms; sunny;
good air; cheap rent.
MINNA, SS— Sur.ny furnished single and double
rooms. 75c and tl per week.
MINNA, 667. corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room. $1 par week; transient.
O'FARRELL, 20— Sunny - furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; electric lights; day. wk., mo.
O'FARRELL. 129A— Nicely, furnished sunny
rooms by day, week or month. :
O'FAitRELL, 743— Nicely furnished sunny quiet
rooms, en suite or single; gad, bath, phone.
POf T, 527 — Newly . furnished i front room ; other
rooms unfurnished; reasonable.
POST. 426— Furnished rooms; : gas and bath;
$5. $8.* $12; private family. ¦ ' .-;. ¦
ROSEDALE House, 319 and 321 Ellis st.— Room*.
night 28c. to- II,-. week. $1 25 to; $4;: open night.
ROYAL HOUSE. 126;. Ellis St.— Incandescent
light; reading-room, smoking-room and ladles'
parlor; rooms, per night, 35c to tl 60; week, {2
to IS; month. tS ro *:0; elevator on otflce floor;
rooms with hot and cold water; baths. J
MUSICAL IXSTRUMEXTS.
THE Bnct tuning and repairing of all kinds
of mustcal instruments ls dene by our staff
cf oxx>erts. Wo _-ar_ntte all of our work.
nrd charge reasonable prices. MAUVAIS
Moric Co.. 768 Market st.
ANOTHER carload cf those beautiful rack-
ard nianr^s Just received. They are the fln-
tn -we ever had. and are worth lockins hi.
Wo invite you to cail. MAUVAUS'. 7CS Mar-
ket Et.
IP Si's a b_r_al_ you are looking for. you
cannot afford to buy until our «took and
jriees hav» ' b^en examined. MAUVAIS
Mu_C Co., TC3 Marktt Et
-ALL r>iirvhast.-rs of piano* EtSHERMAN. CLAY
£z CO. * S )" _.\ c \\\*± jri vil.f^'ft of cx.cJi_ lh^Iti? for
ft BTEXinVAT «ny time within thr.'e years
and full purchase wicft allowed; the br«
rr.ak<rs of menr grade to select from: beautt-
fi-.I nsff upright!! js cash, fC p«r month; some
pood ; ir. iio.-i for SZ, 54 ftnd $5 p^r month.
KHECIUN, CLAY _ CO., STEINWAY
DEAX_£R_, corner Keansy and Sutler Kts.,
San Francisco, corner Bruaiway aud Thir-
tet-nth st.. Oak'.a n <J .
A l.JPT of extra pood bargains for thtb week;
a fine ttptifttt in nice condition, $100; fancy
<ase uprirht, fj n » tone. flT3; a beautiful Ftein-
_*K; t'liase Brosu. usfd very little,
*<i<l for cash or time at Immense reductions.
THE J. _>_WfN<i CO.. 2d ttcx>r. Flood bld«.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago is KOHLER gt CHASE'S.
K. SS and 20 O" Farrell st. ; pianos, omans and
ell oth»r m_siral ir.fe'trurrwnts of all ri'a<l«—
r>nd prices: lerrr.c oesy; prices lowest: every-
thing possible doiie to please and satisfy the
ruftorr.or.
9 Wion fqmrf rianos from $50 to T200.
I|O_« _ran«l pianos frcm S175 to HW.
S- reccDd-bana urri_hts from $75 to $223.
1 Stehnrar. 1 Steok. 1 Weber. 1 Curtaz.
BEXJ. «:URTA_ _ Spy. It O'Farrpll st.
r.P.MOVAL of K«M>rfe's piano store from Van
'¦«• 'i £23 Mark-t, b<>t. Jth and 6th. n<>xi
Hale Bros., _ will continue rpducf.on «saln for
; wf"j»; oi>fn fv'rgs; call and get low prices.
II" you have a GABLEP. piano, send your name
to Frron Mauzy. 2CS Post St.. the sole ajrent.
for :nfcrma;!on.
VIOLIN Ftrinjrs: never f.-<»t: best in the world:
rr._K!n#r and repairing of all kind oT musical
instruments. Carl C. Andereon. 417 fi*ary st.
A SLAUGHTER «ale of urrtght pianos for
Ftorage. t:>0 up. WILSON'? Ptorase. 1719 Mkt.
V.'ILL, accept mad- iruit of o';oth«= as part P_y-
Tnert for rlano. Box 1Z2*. Call office.
V,Vl in the *wlm: rent z ne*' riani for 13 p<r
month. SCOTT-CI'RTAZ CO.. 560 Hayes «t.
SPECIAL *_!*¦— T.-prightrs 171 up: Installments
J3 up; rents $2 up. IIKINE. 1SB K'.lis st.
THE WILEY B. ALLEN~CO.. 314 Post St.;
llardman. Conover and other pianos.
EOHJIEIt _ CO.. nyron M_uzy. Gabler. Hamil-
ton rianos. 308 Post nt.. opp. Union Square.
BARGAIN— Good piano cheap; installment JS
per month. BCH—DtT— . 16 MrAI'.ister St. ,
V\". G. PADGER, 412 Sacramento St.. agent for
Fran-l? n.irnn ar.1 HalU'tt _ Davis pianos.
BTTEP.IOH violins, zithers, o'.d ajid new. H.
MULLER. maker, repifrer. 2 Latham place.
BKDtTCTIOX falc: r.fvir ri.inos; $o payments;.
for rrr.t. it vv. BWUENK. V** P^t rt.
KCSICAIi IXRHCCTIOS;
FIIEE— Three months' piano instruction by ex-
pert German teacher. Box 15*8, Call office.
OFFICES AND STORES TO LET.
OFFICE to rent; 3 fine. liRht front rooms _>n
Market «... cr>po*lte Palace Hotel; rent ZiO
rer n-.onth. Address DR. PIERCE _ SON.
«a Market Et.
FOR rer.t— Elegant offices ar.d rocms in Y. M.
C. A. tifijt.: all modern imps.: rent very low.
1O rent— Modern etore: «ril l'.phted: £>xl40;
r*>r.r rexs^nahle. SIS Hayes st.
PALMISTRY.
MME. NrerpaartJ. Pres. St. <3ermaln College of
PP-!miFtr>': reads' 1 t* ?. *TB Geary, rr. Jnn»^.
PHVSICIAXS AND Sl'RGEOXS.
DR. J. HERBERT REEVE. ;$H~Kearny^^TI
cures br electricity Nervous Prostration. In-
— -nwtp. AFthma. Rheumatism. Paralysis. Ca-
t_rr!i. Consumt'tion. Kidney, and all Inflam-
matory cases; diseases diagnosed.
CHRONIC *1p""' of men, women: cures ?ruar-
ar.teed. DR. COnDIN'. 514 Pine. nr. Kearny.
Dtt. C. C. O'DOKNEL_- Office and residence.
ICTV--. Market Ft., bet. Sl_th »nd Seventh.
PERSOXALS. *
LEPERER. the popular halr-iresser, gives you
the latest and nobbiept styles for only 25c;
switches Jl up. «. LEDERER.. 123 Stockton.
THE HUDSON RIVER CO..
HOPKE BROS.
ifsftrerFe* and r'tlows made to order, re- {
covered and renovated; honest work ruaran- 1
teed; j.ric^s defy competition: fine upholstery; I
I hi-tie CIO?; factory. SIS and 220 Eleventh St.; i
flrBt-rla_i cleaning and dyeing. 40S gutter St.,
S«r Francisca
WHY PfFFF.R? '
Persons atflicted with Rheumatism (no mat-
ter of how lorjr, standing), or any other chronic
dis»_*<\ fhouH call at once at the SANS
BOUCT. 1193 Van Ness ave.— th» up-to-date in-
Ftitut^on for treatment. We have 2a years'
experience. Charges reasonable. .
ELECTRIC lights in every room— Winchesfr
Hotel. 41 Third st.. near Market; TOO ro.ims;
tic to $1 B0 per r.-pht; $1 50 to JS per week;
free "bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
MME. ADA. 34 Kearny. 47 Poet, office 10-11; if
f=ick. Fuffering from any cause, see this won-
derfully gifted healer; sh<* will cure you.
FREE: "Valuable Remedy" for rheumatism;
free. Address "Retired Nurse." liSl Market.
LEDEREK'S Qulntonlca hair tonic is the only
remedy for falling hair; 3ic bottle.
INPTlTL'Tr; of Science: wiPKestive therappu-
tics; mapnetic healinjr: pej-sor.al majrnetism;
hypnotism. Prof. Fifcher, int-tructor, £17 Masn.
ET'ITS to crder on installments: $15 upward;
tl a week. LEON LEMOS. 1117 Market st..
between Seventh and Eisrhth.
PILES— 3<X) perrnanent cures in Ean Francisco
who can be seen: no operation; no pain: par-
tiu!cars sent. Ad. Physician, box 1S50. CalL
LEDERER'S Foamo Shampoo cleanses and
sweetens the hair; 5c package: try It once.
MME. B. R. GROVE. 24 Kearny. room 12—
Ify_l p r; treats chronic diseases successfully.
HAIR quickly curled or waved by using Tal-
cott's curling fluid; 25c bottle; druggists.
LADIES' and gents' cart -off clothing bought _
gold. SiU-erman. 3S< Folsom: tel. Folsom 1191.
wXnteD— Oia-fajhicned silver, trass, copper
ware; curios, all descriptions. 525 Dupont s_
EI'ITf? to order on easy payments. Art Tailor-
Ing Co., Examiner buiMlng, room .407.
ALFREDCMS Egyptian Henna res<tores pray
hair to ita natural colcr. Jl: at all druggists.
CA?T-OFP elcthtmr. nld jrold «nd silver bought:
rend postal. COLEMAVS 5C6 Kearny rt.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
I* r*»f *. in rrraprwr, for mailinp. Jl per year.
PROPERTY .WANTED. ,
WANTED— Income or unimproved city (S. F.)
jimperty; must be cheap. SPECK & CO., 667
Vsrk't trt. . " .
REAL HSTATE — CITV — FOR SALE.
CLEAN* INVESTMENTS
AT A. M. £P_CK & CO.'S, CCT MARKET BT.
J2<v;/K)X_r'ays 5 p^r cent net; near Chronicle.
1175. 000— Pays 6 r*r cent net; Market st.; one
tenant.
t^'&jOOO-Pays :. per cent; Market et.; always
rested.
rM.<J00- Pays 7 per cent; few blocks from
• Chronicle.
- KM0fr->P_r» 5 prr or-nt: corner: 75 ft. front -
r Mock from Slsth azi'l Market *ts. ; good
future.
J4V0n_ I'ays fTT": rr^nfl comer; all rentc_.
*<_C0&— r«ys K jut cent. n<n: grand corner; one I
tenant: lea^e S years.
iZ*, r m— Rents J-J'2; new irr.:5rovcments.
1Z:V/>—IIcta* J13: comer; new improve-
!-.".".'*"¦ — Uiaif t'.iZ: Heir improveTnents.
X .:¦-. — Mark»-t-*t. corner: flore, flat and base-
- n.tnt; modern bull<3!ns; former price
JlS.oco.
Musi «rtl: two fine Cats; 6 Hyde at
r.ear Citv Hall: rents JT.i.
(*.f>W— Bentc 570; new flats near Van Ness ave
$?,0>V- Port ft.; three flits; rents fCO.
J3,2T>0— Mission flats: rents $210 annually; near '
Twenty-fourth »t. " !
JI.2UO— Rents JiS; VaTltJo St.; worth J3SM.
K. M. EPnCK & CO.. C67 MARKET ST.
CV^TCERS of lots or residence* between First
and Thirteenth aves.. Lake and IJ sts.. who
wart to sell can find a buyer by calling on
W. J.- GUNN. m0 California st.
HAVE you rcRl ettate north of the Park or at
the MJrslon tliat you want to sell? Then call
on TV7' J. -CN3T. L30 California st.
fTTiC— THRnn new modern Cats, with- marble
step* frc«coed ceilings, etc.. in the be«t rent.
Intr eecticn of the city; I block from Haight-
rt. rari>, on Waller rt.. near Pierce; rents S$60
per yeaj-; easy terrss.
t&>~ BARGAIN; new S-roorn cottage oa car
line: cood-tlxed let. EOVEE. TOY 4 CO..
Cii Market ct. • .' :
J-noOM ccttage home; VA caeh, $15 per month.
YTHi: MCCARTHY CO.. M Market et. ; ;
' 'i. •>¦ u — HOUSE of 6 rooms and bath for sale.
•_^ ffi:4 York St.- ..- ¦ .' .
MODERN bouses built; lowest price*; plan* and
estimates furnished Campbell. 1147 Mlscion.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The. Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent. to any address In the
Vailed State* or Canada; one year lor JL
IlOOaiS >TO LET—Fnrn. ondUnfarn.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth St..
near Market— Furnished or unfurnished. '
SIXTH, ISO— Furnished sunny rooms; single or
' suites ; also rooms for light housekeeping.
TO let — 3 unfurnished sunny rooms. 'with use
of bath; terms reasonable. 1723 Scott Bt.
TURK, E41— Single furnished front room for
gentleman; private family. ;
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore at.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
iencla gt. ¦ .' - ¦
ROOMS AXD BOARD.
ALMORA, corner Twentieth and Mission sts.— _
Beautifully furnished suites or single rooms;
. all modern conveniences: excellent table;
terms moderate.
WANTED— 2 young men to room and board; 2
board and 1 room. 1261A Mission st.
. ROOMS WAXTEI).
WANTED— Three furnished rooms for house-
keeplng; central. Box 1045. Call office. . ¦/
' SPECIAL NOTICES.
ROOMS papered from $2 50; whitened. $1 up;
. painting dune. Hartman Paint Co.. 319 Third.
BEST stamp photos and buttons oa earth.
PORE. 1380 Market St.. above Jones.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO.,
415 Mor.tsOTiery t>t.. roomn 9-10; tel. 53S0.
STORAGE AXD WAREHOUSES.
WILSON BUOS.. storage and moving: covered
vans. Tenth and Market: phone South 762. <
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2220 Fillmore Bt.; phone Jackson 281.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 722 Mission St.;
tel. Main 1S40— Packing, moving and storage.
SEWIXG MACHINES AXD SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought, sold and repairing Ruaran-
teed. Chas. Plambeck. 1915 Mission, nr. 15th.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented;
repairing nt lowest rates. 20S Fourth St.
TYPEWRITERS AND SUPPLIES.
GP.EAT BARGAINS IN TYpiiwRlTERi^We
rell better machines for less mo_ey than any
house In the city: rentals, %3. The Typawrlter
Exchange. 636 California, telephone Main 268.
ALWAYS bargains In typewriters ; any make.
Write for prices to L. & M. ALEXANDER,
110 Montgomery st.
NEW typewriter?, ts down, 55 month payments.
REVALK. 409 California st.
piVIDEXp JVOTICES.
DIVIDEND No. 82 (twenty-five cents per
share) of the Hutchlnson Sugar Plantation
Company will be payable at the office of the
company. 327 Market St.. on and after MON-
DAY, August 20, 190O. Transfer books closed
on Tuesday, August 14. 1900. at 3 o'clock p. m.
E.H. SHELDON. Secretary.
• BIRTHS— MARRIAQES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with, the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
ALBERS— In Santa Rosa, August 10, 1903, to the
wife of'D. E. Albcrs, a daughter.
LONG— In this city. August 4. 1900, to the wife
of John T. Long, a eon.
______________
MANNERS— FAGAN— In Reno. Nev., August
1. 1900. Regnald de C. Manners of New York
and Elizabeth Fagan of Oakland.
_ _______ _____
Duffy. John W. McCall. Ella
Finegan, £usan McKenna, Matilda
Gareghty, Joseph B. MePherson, Thomas
¦ Hodgklss. George Manning. Henry
Hovey. George D. O'Connell. Mrs. Mary
Jorgenson, Annie E. Pollard. ¦ Margaret ¦ V.
KoenigsberRer, Philip Robinson, Bridget
Kelly. Thomas G. ' Rios, Domingo
Kennedy, John t Richards, Margaret
Lawlor, John F. * Sink. A. J.
Morrissey, Mary E. fiimon, Gustave
Knowlton, Harry D. Swall. Mary A.
McCormack. John Wilhelm. Jacob .
DUFFY— In this city, August 18. 1900, John W..
beloved son of William and the late Bridget
Duffy, and brother of Mary Duffy, a native of
' San Francisco, aged 31 years 7 months and St
' days. , i
(CTFriends and acquaintances are reopect-
fuily invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of McAvoy & Co.. 1233 'Market street, between
Eighth and Ninth, thence to St. Patrick"*
Church for cervices. Interment Mount Cal-
vary Cemetery.
FINEGAN— In this city. August 18. 1900, Susan,
beloved sister of Peter and the late Patrick
and James Finegan, a native of County
Cavan, Ireland, aged 74 years.
GAREGHTY— In this city, August 19. 1900.
Joseph B., son of the late John Bernard and
Cecilia Gareghty; and brother of Rose, Cecilia,
Frederick and Matthew Gareghty, a native of
San Francisco, aged IS years.
HODGKISS --In Oakland, August 18, 1W0,
George Hodgkiss. beloved husband of Cath-
erine Hodsckiss, and father of Will H. and
Franklin C. Hodgklss, a native of Worcester-
shire, England.
!_? Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 2*>'clock, from the funeral par-
lors of James McManus. Seventh and Castro
streets. Interment Mountain View Cemetery.
Oakland.
HOVEY— In this city. August 17, 1900, George
Dana, beloved husband of Jane Hovey, and
father of Frederick William. Jennie E..
George D. Jr. and Maud R. Hovey, a native
. of Troy, N. Y-, aged 53 years 6 months and
17 days. (Chicago, 111., and Hudson, N. Y.,
papers please copy.)
C_Triends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 1:30 o'clock, from Ep worth M.
E. Church, corner Twenty-sixth and Church
streets. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery,
j by
OFFICERS and members of Abraham Lincoln
Council No. 2, Junior Order United American
Mech-mics, are hereby requested to attend the
funeral of our late brother, George D. Hovey,
and meet at his late residence. 1409 Guerrero
•street, this day (Monday), at 12:45 o'clock.
By order HARRY C. PUCKHABER.
J. W. COBBY, Secretary. Counsilor.
JORGKNSON— In this city, August IS, 1900.
Annie E., beloved wife of John Jorgenson.
mother of Joseph H.. Genevieve C, Irene H.
and Ethel Jorgenson, daughter of Mrs.
Bridget Smith, and sister of Mrs. K. M.
Flynn and J. M.. H. P. and J. J. Smith, a
native of San Francisco, aged 31 years,
C_r Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, 1221 Green street,"., thence to St.
Brigld's Church, corner Van Ness avenue and
Broadway, where a requiem high mass 'will
be celebrated for the repose of her soul, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
KELLY— In Colma, San Mateo County, August
19, 10C0. Thomas G., beloved husband of
Miud Kelly (Guerrero), and son- of .Annie
and the late John Kelly, brother of Frank.
. Rose, Peter. Annie and the late John Kelly
and Mrs. Benjamin Green. Mrs. William Fay
and Mrs. Fred Pierce, a native of Colma,
San Mateo County, Cal., aged 27 years.
IT^TFriends and acquaintances are. respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, Colma, thence to St. Ann's Church,
Colma. where a solemn requiem, mass will be
celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
KOENIGSBERGER— In this city, August - 18,
1900, Philip, beloved • husband . of France*
Koenlgsberger, father of Lily, Harry and
Charles Koenlgsberger, and brother ot Her- '
man, Ferdinand and Sebastian- Koenigsber-
_er. Mrs. J. Mayblum and the late Mrs.; A.
H'flblri_, a native of Bavaria, aged 66 years.
HTFricmJu and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 10:15 o'clock, from the residence
of his sister, Mrs. J.; Mayblum, 1353 Post
street.. Interment Home of Peace
by. 11:30 o'clock train from Third. and Town-
send Streets. Please omit flowers. .
KENNEDY— In this city, August 17, 1900, John,
beloved husband : of v Sarah • Kennedy,' and
father of Thomas ¦ J.", John ' A., • ¦ Kitty and
George W. Kennedy and Mrs. Loretto Simp-
son, and brother of Mrs. Elizabeth Niles,
a native of Ireland, aged 63 years 1
month and 23 days. A member of Garfield
Post. G. A. R. (New York and Brooklyn pa-
' pers pleaee copy.) ».- .
|r_r Friends and acquaintances are respect-:
fully Invited to attend the ; funeral this day.
¦ (Monday), al'8:30 o'clock, from his: late real-'
dence, 16 Ford street, ¦ between Noe ' and : San-
chez, Seventeenth and ; Eighteenth, i thence to .
Mission Dolores Church,, corner, Sixteenth and
Dolores 'streets, where a requiem high 'mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul,'
commencing at .9 o'clock.- Interment : Holy
Cress Cemetery. IUWUrrF_%«qQgMap_gB>ol
JAMES A. GARFIELD- POST ¦'.• No. 34— Com-
rades: You are ; requested to assemble at 16
Ford' street, this day ; (Monday),' at; 8:15
o'clock,' to attend the funeral of our late com-
rade,' John Kennedy." • - ¦ - .
, ;¦ I. K A RMINSKY. Commander.'.
H_NRY..; J. , C ALL AC H E r|c6J;;
(Successor* - to Flannagan & Gallagher), -
DANIEL P. DONOVAN, Mgr. ¦
FUNERAL DIRECTORS; AND EMBALMERS
20 Fifth st.. opposite Lincoln School.' .;
i '¦¦ Telephone ; South : SO. •*.-.,- \
I McAVOY & CO.. fj
FUNERAL DIRECTORS _ EMBALMERS." 1
- 1239 Market st.. between 8th and 9th. |
' Telephone South 1 247. '¦¦¦ ;;".•>..'," |
OCEATT TBATEL. ,
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
|> .'.'". Steamers leave Broadway
hfc^-, - . .' .- wharf, San. Francisco:
I^j^^ For Alaskan Ports— 11 a.
|*5\iB_tev m.. August 19. 24, 29. Sept. 3.
l_s£*_S__ft»> Change to company's steam-
_ *K. S__l\fvaL ers at Seattle.
__^_2_9 TiSail For Victoria. Vancouver
wjySuTUfPfll (B. C). Pert Townsend. Se-
i^VHStBU attle. Tacorr.a. Everett, Ana-
~^_nl cortes and New Whatcora
• 7^ (Wash. >— 11 a. m.. August
19. 24, 29. Sept. S. and every fifth day there-
after. Change at Seattle to this company's
steamers for Alaska and G. N. R'y: at Seattle
or Tacoma to N. P. R'y; at Vancouver to C.
P. R'y.
For Eureka. Humboldt Bay— 2 p. m.. August
16. 21. 26. *l, Sept. 5. and every fifth day
thereafter.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey. San Blmeon. Cayu-
coe. Port Harford (San Luis Obispo>. Gavlots.
Santa Sarbara. Ventura. Hueneme. San Pedro.
East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and Newport— 9
a. m.. August 19. 23, 27, 31, Sept. 4. and every
fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford ¦ (San Luis OblsDo). Santa Barbara. Port
Los Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles)— U
a. m.. August 17. 21. 25, 29, Sept. 2. and every
fourth day thereafter.
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay. Pan Jos« del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa. Rosa-
lia and Guaymas (Mexico)— 10 a. m.. 7th of each
month.' • v _,
. For further Information obtain company's
folders. " •'
The comtjany reserves the right to change
steamer*. ' sailing dates and hours of sailing
without previous notlcp.
TICKET OFFICE— * New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO., Oen. Agents.
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. CO.
' • DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
:.p.O.RTIj_A.-N'33
From Spear-street Wharf at tl A. M.
CADC *'2 First Class Including Berth
lAnC $8 Second Class and Mecls.
STATE OF CALIFORNIA sails.............
August 11. 21. 31
COLUMBIA sails .....August 1*. 28. Sept. 5
Short line to Walla Walla. Spokane. Bntte.
Helena and all points In the Northwest.
Through tickets to all pclnta East.
E. C. WARD. General Agent.
630 Market st.
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO..
Superintendents.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS "WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner Flr*t and Brannan utreets. at 1 p. m..
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for In-
dia. *tc. No cargo received on board on day
of sailing.
SS. HONGKONG MARU..... ;-"" ia/v ,
Wednesday. August 29, 1900
SS. NIPPON MARTT ......„: .¦¦».
...Saturday. September 25. l"O0
SS AMERICA MART'. ."Wednesday. Oct. 17. 1900
Via Honolulu.
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company s office.
421 Market 'treet^corner^F^t^
AMERICAN LINE.
fr_V TOHK. SCTTT"* » TJ T»T0W _0*T»0* . PA-Ii
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York Everv Wednesday. 10 a, m.
New York. ...August 23fNew York Sept. 19
St. Paul. :."...;^»- Sept. 51 St. Paul Sept. 2«
8t. Louis.. Sept. 12! St. Louis Oct. 3
RED STAR LINE.
,-',: -New.. York. and Antwerp.
From New York Everv Wednesday. 12 noon.
Noordland ...August 22 1 Westernland ...Sept. 12
Friesland August 29 Kensington ....S*pt. 19
Southwark Sept. S'Noordland Sept. 28
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO. . .
. 30 Montgomery Street. •¦..,•¦
Ob-PASNI- QENERALE TRAN3ATLANTIQUE.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS.
Sailing every Thursday, instead of <3_Oj_
Saturday, from November 2. 1S39. at \ *^"
10 a m from Pier 42. North River, foot et
Morton street, LA LORRAINE. August 23: LA
TOORAINE. August 30; L.AQUITAINE. Sept.
6: LA BRETAGNE. Sept. 13. FJrst class to
Havre, $S2 B0 and upward. Second class to
Havre $55 and upward: S per cent reduction on
round' trip. GENERAL AGENCY FOR
UNITED STATES and CANADA. 32 Broadway
(Hudson building). New York. J. F. FUGAZI
_ CO.. Pacific Coast Agents, 5 Montgomery ava-
nue, San Francisco.
OCEAIflC 8. S. CO.-HONOI.UI.U, APIA
AUCKLAND AND. SVDNKY.
S S. AUSTRALIA (Honolulu only>
" Wednesday. August 22, 2 p. m.
S S MARIPOSA (via Honolulu) to New
Zealand and Australia -Wed.. Sept. E. 8 p. m.
?. D. SPRSCKELS & BROS. CO.. Agts., 114 Montfjoman
Pisr 7. Foot Pacific St FreicMCtf r« 32? Market St
BAY AND BIVEB STEAMERS.
- - Steamer "Monticello." '
'.¦ MON., Tees.. Wed., Thurs. and Sat 'at 9:45
a. m., 3:15, 8:30 p.m. (ex. Thurs. night); Fri-
days, 1 p.' m. and 8:30: Sundays, 10:30 a. m., 8
p m. • Landing and office. Mlsjlon-street Dock.
Pier No. 2. Telephone Main 1508.
FARE ¦:... 50c
BArLROAD TBAVEL.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTER RY. CO.
: ____ss____
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburon Ferry, Foot of Market St. .
SAN FRANCISCO TO 8AN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:30. 9:00. 11:00 a. m.; 12:33,
3:30. ,5:10. ¦ 6:30 p. ra. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 d. m. - Saturdays— Extra trijs at 1:50
ond 11:30 d. m. ¦ \*
SUNDAYS-8:00. 9:30, 11:00 a. m.; 1:30, 1:30, ,
6:00. 6:20 o. m. .
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN ¦ FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:10, 7:50, 9:20, 11:10 a. m.: 11:45.
2:40. 5:15 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at
- 1:C6 and fi:3S d. m. '
SUNDAYS— 8:10. - 9:40. 11:10 a. m.; 1:40. 3:40,
6:05. «:25 p. m.
Between Sun Francisco and Schuetzen Park
same schedule as above.- • • • .
Leave I In Effect. 1 Arrive
. San Francisco. |Apr. 15. 1S0O.I San Francisco.
' Week I 6un- I " ¦ I Sun- I "WeeK
Days. I days.' | Destination.] days. | Days.
7:30 am 8:00 tm Novato. 10:43 nraj S:4"» am
3:30 pm 5:20 am Petaluma. 6:05 pm!10:!3 am
. 6:10 pm 5:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:33 pm| 6:20 pm
- : ; ;% ' ¦ Fulton.
7:30 am Windsor. ' 10:23 am
. Healdsburg.
¦ Lytton. ...
Geyservllle.
8:30 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. I ;:33 pm i:iOpm
T:80 ami ' '¦'" ] Hopiand I ' |10:_i am
J:30 pm| 8:00 nm| and Uklah. I 7:35 pro) 6:20 pm
7:30 am ' 10:23 am
. . .'•¦ 8:00 am Guernevllle. 7:33 pm
»:30pm ¦ - . «:20pm
7:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma • -.15 am! S :40 am
and
8:10 pm 6:00 pm Glen Ellen. t:C5pm[ t:2!) pm
7:30 ami 8:00 ami [10:40 am]l!>:25 am
8:30 pm| 5:C0 pm| Sebastcpol. I 7:S5 pm| 6:M pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Sprints and White Sulphur Springs: at Fulton
for Altruria: at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at'
Geyserville- for Slc_g_s , Springs: at Cloverdale
for* the' Oeysers;; at , Hopland for'Duncan
Spring*. Highland Springs. Kelseyvllle. Carls-'
bad Springs. 8oda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlatt
Springs; at Uklah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga
Springs, Blue Lakes. . Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
Springs, Upper Lake.,- Porno,- Potter Vall<ry. ,
John - Day't, - Riverside, Llerley*s, Bucknsll's.
Sanhedrln '-- Heights, - flullvlll*. . Orr's . Hot
Springs. MendoclnO City. Fort ¦ Bragg. West-
port. Usai.- .'WllllUir __rtonvill«. ¦¦ . Cummins.
Bell's -Springs, Harris, Olian's, Dyer, Scotia
'and -Eureka. ' 4^BRcWiMp9tMH
¦ Saturday - to Monday, round trip tickets at
reduced . rate*. ¦ .' t^>n0%9— B^ss_Masjkv* B 9s_*vW
- On Sunday ¦ round * trip : tickets . to all points
beyond Ean - RaQtel at halt rate*. .
.-¦> Ticket office*. 850 Market st.. Chronicle bldc.-
H.--C.S, WHITING,, -R. X.RYAN,
... General Manaser. - ; Gen.' Pau. Agent.'
MOUNT . TAMALPAI3 SCBNIO ! RAILWAT-
: Leave • San Francisco via • Sausallto Ferry:
WEEK DAYS.:...9_0 _.^m...l:45 and 5:15 p.m.
SUNDAYS «..».- 10. 11 «. m.. 1:30. 2:30 p. m.
Fare San Francisco to Summit and return: SI 40.
NEW. TAVERN OF TAMALPAI5 NOW OPEN.
AUCTSON SALES
COLUMBIAN AUCTION HOUSE
WILL SELL THIS DAY.
: MONDAY. August 20. 1900. at 11 o'clock a.
m. ,- on. the mremises. 70S Clement street, near
Eighth avenue. Take Suttcr . and Sacramento
-street or Geary street cars to door. .
«By order of Captain J. C. Cummlngs of the
United States Transport Service, all the Roy-
ally , Grand Drawing-room, Parlor, -Library.
Chamber and Dining-room Furniture, Elegant
Carpets and all the elegant household requisites.
Full particulars in Chronicle.
; QALLJCK _ VINCENT. Auctioneers.
- EMIL COHN, AUCTIONEER.
Will sell Monday and Tuesday, August 20 and
21, at 1187 MARKET ST.; near Eighth, a com-
plete nursery stock o< plants and . flowers and
pots and Jardinieres. - About 5000 plants of every
description. Particulars see ¦ Chronicle. |
' ¦ EMIL COHN, Auctioneer.
KNOWLTON— In this city, August 18, 1900,
Harry D., beloved son of Joseph and Lizzie
- Knovvlton. and . brother of Mrs. . Lyman M. :
Welch and Miss: Grace W. Knowlton.-a na-
• tlve of San Francisco. a_ed 26 years and ; 1»
: , da>'».' '¦ . ' :"• -V .•-¦ • '." ¦¦
CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully, invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
; (Tuesday) at 10 o'clock, from the parlors of
: the St. Nicholas i Hotel, corner Market - and
Hayes streets. Interment Cypress LawnCeme-
: tery, by 11:30 o'clock train from. Third ana
streets.' .
LAWLOR— In this city, "August IS, 1900, . John
¦ Farrell '• Lawlor, , beloved husband of Emma
Gertrude Lawlor, c and brother of , Edward,
Georte, Richard, Harry. William and Eliza-
beth Lawlor, a native of San Francisco, aged
23 years 3 months and 13 days.
B_TFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully im-ited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late
• residence, ,37^4 Perry street, thence to St.
Rose's Church, where a requiem high mass
will be held for the ; repose of his soul; com-
mencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery. :
MANNING— At the residence of his son. August
IS. 1900. Henry, beloved husband of Mary _¦-
Manning-, a native of England, aged 55 years
and 11 months. A member of Union Lodge
No. 1S05. "K. of H. '
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 2 ¦ o'clock, from the mortuary
. chapel of the Golden Gate" Undertaking Com-
pany. . 2423 Mission street, near Twenty-first.
Interment Cypress ,' Lawn Cemetery.
MORRISSEY— In this city, August 19. 1900.
Mary E-, beloved wife of William M. Mor-
rissey, mother of John T. Morrissey. and
. daughter of Elizabeth and the late Thomas
Martin, a native of San Francisco.
¦ C-^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
.. fully invited to atteml the funeral to-morrow
. (Tuesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 24H Rltch street, .between Third and
Fourth,* Folsom and Harrison, thence to St«
Patrick's Church for services at 10 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery. ' ..
McCORMACK— In this city, * August 18, 1900,
John, dearly beloved husband of Katie McCor-
mtck, and father of John W. McCormack, a
native of Manchester, England, aged 65 years.
iryFriends and acquaintances and members
I of the Retail Grocers' Association are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral- to-morrow
.(Tuesday), at 1 o'clock, from the undertaking
parlors of Carew & English. 41- Van Ness
avenue.- Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
McCALL— In this city, August 19, 1900,, Ella,
beloved sister of Mary and Margaret McCall,
a native of County Monaghan, Ireland, aged i
IS years 3 months and. 2 days. (Brockton,"'
Mass.. papers please ropy.)
E7The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the parlors of
Carew & English. 41 Van Ness avenue, thence
to St. Mary's Cathedral. Van } Ness avenue,
-where a requiem mass will be celebrated for
' thr> repose of her soul, commencing . at 9
o'clock. Interment' Mount Calvary Cemetery.
McKENNA-In this- city, August 18, 1900. Ma-
tilda, beloved wife of George McKenna.
daughter of Richard Brady and the late
Elizabeth Brady, and sister of Richard. Sam-
uel, John, Edward and Mathew Brady, a na->
tlve of San Francisco, aged 24 years 5 months
• and 6 days.
' - C-^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the parlors of
thn Pacific Undertakers. 777 Mission street,
thonce to St. Patrick's Church for services,
commencing at 10 o'clock. Interment. Holy
Cross Cemetery. • . .
McFHERSON— In the City and County Hos-
pital, August 18. 1900, Thomas McPherson,
a native of Massachusetts, aged 63 years.
OFFICERS and members of Union Lodge No.
1SS5, K. of H., are hereby notified to attend
tho funeral ot our vice dlctat/r, Henry Man-
nlnr, from the parlors of Jiie Golden Gate
Undertaking Co., Twenty-fitst and Mission
Etreets, this day (Monday), at 2 o'clock.
GEORGE WALCOM, Dictator.
CHARLES D. SCHAEFER. Reporter.
O'CONNELL— In this city. August 19. 1900. at
Our Ladies' Home. 33 Rlncon place. . Mrs.'
Mary 0 > Connell. a native of -Ireland, ased 79
years. *\
E_>" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 1 10:45 o'clock, from the Chapel
of the Passion, First street, between Harrison
and Bryant, where a solemn requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her eoul,
commencing at 8:30 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery, by 11:30 o'clock train from
Third and' Townsend streets. • • ; :
POLLARD— In this city, August 19, 1900, Mar-
garet Vivian, dearly beloved daughter of
Frank B. and the late Eleanor Pollard, a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 6 months. : :¦
RICHARDS— In 'this city. August 13, 1900.
Margaret, beloved wife of the late Thomas
Richards, and mother of Thomas L. Rich-
ards, Mrs. Jchn O'Connell, Daniel B., Hattle,
¦ Evan E.. Edna. Edwin L.. Jennie and Alice
R'.chards, a native of Wales, aged 61 years
¦. 8 months and 19 days. •• ...
(T_rNotice 1 of funeral , hereafter. . .*-' >V 'j
RIOS— In this city, August 19. 1900, Domingo
j Rlos, a native of Mexico, aged 27 years.
2_rRemalns at the funeral parlors of H. F.
Maaps. 917 Mission street, near Fifth.
ROBINSOX— In this city. August 19, 1900, Brid-
get, beloved wife of Robert S. Robinson,
mother of Florence and Ethel Robinson,
and sister of Mrs. Proudflt of Los Angeles
and Mrs. Annie Lamb of Chicago, III., a na-
tive of Chicago, III., aged 36 years. (Los
Angeles and Chicago, 111., papers please
•ccpy.) ¦'-. • >. . .„ ,., ,. •••.•,-.-•-¦-, •.:-.¦!-..
.. (Cr Friends are ' respectfully. Invited to at-
tend.: the funeral to-morrow.' (Tuesday), at
9:S0 o'clock, from the parlors of the United
Undertakers, 27 and 29 Fifth street, thence to
St. -"Patrick' s Church, where services will be
held. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery. '
SIMON— In this city. August 19. 1900, Qustave
Simon, a native of Germany, aged 60 'yea.rs.
SINK— In Tomales. August 17. 1900, A. J.
Sink, a native of Indiana, aged 33 years. •
lETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully ' invited to attend .the funeral this day
(Monday), at 1 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of McGinn Bros., 31 Eddy street. In-
terment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
SWALL— In this city, August 19, 1900. at the
residence of her son, William E. Cody, 257
Page street, Mary A., beloved wife of Wil-
liam F. Swall of Capltola, and sister- of the
late John Mai tin.
C_rintcrment San Jose. Wednesday. ;
WILHELM— In this city. August 19. 1900, Jacob,
drarly beloved eon of Julia and the late
Jacob Wilhelm, and brother of George, Julia
' " and Annie Wilhelm, a native of New Yo^k.
aced 32 years 10 months and 23 days. A
member of Court Justice NO. 16, F. of A.
ICTRemainB at thft. parlors of H.-F. Suhr
& Co.. 1127 Mission street, between Seventh
and Ei_hth. ¦ . ¦
EAILKOAD TRAVEIi.
MtUTURRJI PAViriC COJIFIXI.
(PACIFIC *T»rKM.)
Train* lettv* nail atr* «*••<• to nrrlft _•
man >'i:am::\(i>.
(Main Use. Foot ot Market Street)
liati — Fp.au Acoust 13. 1900. — abkits
•7:00a Benida. Suisun, Klmiia, VacatiHe,
Ramsey _id Sacramento *7i-l3p
# 7:OOi. Shut- _ipresa-I>.vrig. WiUlama (for
- B-rtlett Sprints). Willows. U«l
Bluff, Portland. *"X:l3p
¦7i30a Martinet, San Karaon. Vallejo. Napa,
t-l-tngft aud SanU Hou *8>l3p
•SiOOA D*f Is, WoodUnd. KnigbU L-Dding,
MarysTllio. Or.nllie.. *7:1-P
I '<i:0O, AtUntlo Kxpresa— Ogden and E_st •l_s»5^
•8:ua % Nilet, Twcy, _»t_rop, Stockton *t>: 1 3 a
¦•i3*a rt«u Juse, - Ll'enuore, tttocktnu,
lone. Kacrameatu. n*Cfr»IUe,
M»rx*Tlll». Cbiea. ICa.l KlmT MilSp
•SiSOa OakUale. Chinese (for Yosamite). 1
Kouoi-. Carters. *4il.1r
•0:00* HajwMda. Mlm *ad Way SuUont.*! 1:13a
•!»:«« a Lo» Anxelea £xpreu — Mwtluax.
Tney. l_tlirnp, .¦icoekkon. Merced
Preauo and LoaA—gelea .......... "7sI.Tr
•9i3Ot VaU<-<«. Martiimz •"'« Way HUtloni a »i43r
•10:00* The OrerUnd Limited— OjJcu. Den*
Tar, Umaha. Chicago •3il9r
¦IIiOOa Kiles. Stockton, Sacismento, Meu>
dot*, Fresno, Uauford. Vl»_!a.
PortorvillA Mtl3r
. *11:OOa IilTermore. Saogsr. Goahea J auc-
tion. B4»eraneld._O8 A.njelea
•l3:nOM Hajwards, HiWn and Way UtaUont. *2s4.1p
tlsOOrHaeraineuto Uliei Steaniat* t3iOi»A
. ••_!»•?• Haywarda. Nllea and Wi| Stxttons. Mil-If
•4iUOr M»rtinri, Han lUuion. Vullojo.
N»l>:t. CalNtiiKK. SkmU ItOM 'Dili*
¦iiOOp Benicia, Winters, Sacramento,
Woodland. K11UUU ]_ndlug.
MarratUle. Oruvllia •*•>:«! 4
MiSOf Nliea, ftan Jns«an<I Stoektoa *7»l»r
•3:O»rTho Owl Limited— Tracy. Fre»uo.
Bakenflelil. .Sanjui for tijuta Bar-
bara, Lot Angeles. MO:!-!*
•n:OOp Stockton »t)i43A
•_:Our New Orleant Ezpreas— KakersKskl.
UanU Rarbara. Loa Angeles. Driu-
inc. £1 Fuo, New Orleans and
_Mt *7t*1l
•«<«Or Haywarda, NIIesandHaa Jo»« "7il.->*
tS:OOr Valleio •l_«l»r
' •UiOi»r Oriental Mail— OgcJen. Cbejenne.
Omaha, Chictgo *1_:I.1a
•0:0i)p Oriental Jl*il— OpJan, Dcnter,
Omaba. Cblov« Mil»F
•7i00» NUes. Trmcy. Lathrop. Stockton.... •I3tl_r
t?>*«r Valleju. t*urk CotU, and Way Mta-
Uoua. t»:33r
••tOSr Oregon and CMifornia. Kxpreiw.Hao*
riiiiinitu. Marritllla. KaiMInc,
INwtlaiHl. Pii»»t SoiiihI and Kaafc *»t!3A
COAST DIVlKloa (Niirro.T lianft).
(Foot of Market Street.)
17:43a Hanta Cna Excursion for SanU
Cruz and Principal Way Stalioni 1 {SiMv
¦81 ISA New_-k.C>t>Urillle..1an Jow, VMton.
Boulder Creek, Man t a Crux aud Way
Hlatlona ••«»•»
fill Sp Newark, C'entetflllo, &au Jom, Ksw
Almaden. Teltou^llonldar Creak,
Santa Crux and Principal Way
authMia •H»ii»»4
•4tl»r Newark. Han Joae, Loa Gatoi tSs-tO4
a4:!3r Glenwood. Felton, Hanta Crux «8i3Qa
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
hHlSil riilClSCO— Fill «t a»rkit Slrtal (Sli* ¦>—
•7:15 9.00 ll:004.M. U-C3 *3:S3 {3:09
•1:83 tS:C3 'V.nr.u.
rrtoOUlllB— r(«t«fBrua>i7.— "8:00 8:00 10:00*. -.
t!3:33 '1:33 12:33 '3:03 ti:33 «S:03r.-.
COAST DITISlor. (Ilroatl flange).
_. (Third ami Townseml His.)
Ocean View, Mouth Man FranclMCO.. t«>i3Wr
t~t»OA Hau Jom Hti.l Way HUUmn (New •
Alinadeit Weilueaday* only) •1:30*
17:30* Sunday Excursion for San Jow.
Santa Cruz. Pidflo Giotb and
Principal Wny JJiMr
•BtOO* San Jiwb. Tf«a Piitoa . Mauka Crux.
PaeiUo «Jr<»»o. Paso Kublea. Han
l.tift Obisno, Snrf, Lompoc and
Principal Way S'-Uioiis Milflp
•IO:«O» Saa Jom and Way Htatioua *-i-3*
¦IIt3O* ManJaaa._oaGatoaautl\VayMUtl(ma a a>aOl>
t-iliir Sail Mateo. lUdwood. Menlo Park.
Palo Alto, BanUCUra, Han Jose,
Tret Pinos. Santa Vim, Sslina*.
¦¦»* -: Moutareyand PaclRe Grore |IO:S8a
«X:XOr San Jose and Way Stations Ti_- 1
t-liiar 8an Joaaaud Principal Way Stattona •!*: 13*
t3:00rSan Joae, Los Gatoa and Principal
Way Stations t0:ftO*
•SiaOp San Jom and Principal Way Stations t*:33_
•«::ior San Joae and WayStattona t*-<»»*
ill:l.jr San Joaa and Way Statlona..: *7;3l>p
A for Morning. P f_r Afternoon.
•Daily. t Sunday axeepted. 1 Sunday only.
b Saturday only,
a Saturday mod 9un_»» « Monday only,
........AND RETURN
On the NEW TRAINS of tho
Sani_E_R__l_
to be sold
August 21st and 22d
go:d for return
Until October 22d.
Will tell you
all about it at
628 Market Street,
or at
! Ferry Ticket GSics, Foot of Markst St
SANTA FE ROUTE
TRAINS.
j MARKET-STREET FERRY.
Leave: Overland: Daily for CMca- Arrive:"
go. Kansas City. Denver
and all Eastern points.
El Paso. City of Mex-
ico, Prescott and Phoe-
nix. Ariz.. Bakerstteld.
9 a. m. Vlsalia. Tulare. 41an- t p. m.
ford, Fresno. Merced.
Stockton. Antioch. Stand-
ard and Tourist Sleep-
ers to Chicago. Dtninjr
car between Stockton
and Bakerstteld.
Stockton Local: For San
4:10p.m. Pablo. Pinole. Mulr. Bay 11:03a.m.
Point. Cornwall. Anti-
och and Stockton.
Bakersfleld Local: For San »
Pablo, Pinole. Muir, Bay
Point. Cornwall, Anti-
S p. m. och, Stockton. Merced. 8 a. m.
Fresno, Hanford. Vlsa-
lia, Tulare and Bakers-
fleld. Sleepers to Fresno
and Bakersfleld.
TICKET OFFICES: 628 Market at.
Ferry Depot, foot of Market St.. San Francisco.
1US Broadway. Oakland.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD,
Via Sausa.'lto Ferry.
Commencing April 22, 1900. •
FROM SAN FRAXCISCO TO MILL. VALLET
..--.•¦: AXD SAN RAFAEL. -
WEEK DATS— 7:00. '8:30. 9:30. 11:00 a. m.:
12:45. n:45. 3:15, 4:U *i:\Z. C:1J, JMO.p. m
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and Saa
rtafael. on Mondays. Wednesdays, S-turdaya
and Sundays, at 9:00 and 11:35 p. m.
SU^DAYS-7:W. •3:00. »3:00, »10:CO. 11:00. 11:30
a. m.; 13:45. »l:30. I:M. »3:*5. 5:00. «:00. l:Si
p. m.
ll:0O a. m. doea not run to San Rafael Sun-
days.
Trains marked (•) ran to Ban Quentln.
FROM SAX RAFAEL. TO SAX FRANCISCO.
WEEK DATS— 6:35. •«:*). 7_0. 8:40. «10:li a.
m. : l!:3O. 1:15. J:13. »3:30, 4:30. i:30 p. m. ,
EXTP.A TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at *S:C and 10:20 p. m.
SUXDATS— «:13. »3:C0. '1:50, •U:ltt_. m.; ni:»
m.; 1:00. 8:15. n_0. 4:30. »S:45. «:45, 1:36. 1O:»
p. m. <•
Trains marked (*) start frcm San Quentln.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAX FRAXCISCQ.
' WEEK DATS— 5:53, C:45, 1:00. S:55. 10:JO a,
m.: 1Z-.ZS. 1:45. 2:45. 3:30. 4:50. 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIP3 on Monday*. Wednesdaya
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:20 p. m.
SUXDATS-«:S5. 8:85. 10:05. 11:10 a. m.; U.U.
l:I0."S_0."S:4S. 4:55. 6:15. T:03. 10:30 p. m.
. THROUGH TRAINS.
I 7:00 a. m. .week days — Cazadero and way at_-
i tR>nt.'W_Mt*«lt_I^B_^_«_> M --BKHa«__sSBBW
3:15 p. m. Saturdays— Cazadero ana war n_>
tlons.
5:15 p. m. ¦ weekdays (5ta.turdaya czecptedV—
Point. Reyes and way stations.
8:C0 a. m. Sundays— Cazadero and way sta-
tions. . v •
12:45 p. m.' Sunday •—Point Reyes and way
¦tatlona).
/T r# gibbon's Dispensary,
Z3**0*S?k *>-'"» »«.KA_tar'tf «i_. Kataollshrd
fflfM^"^* In Jf*5» tor Uietrwtmentct r*nvat»
JK <Sf Dlsoaees, Lo3t MH:i_t«>d Debility or
Ssir*? fflri dise-ievefcrinaron bodyandmina a; id
J^iwSS^l^TS skin Di*M_«>K. l'b» riocu>rcnreawbM»
_Scw?£fy3 others fail. Try him. Chxrgar low
?»_M____j- 4 «'ur<-» t«»rann-i> >. Callorwrita
Or. 4. _*, tilBBOV. Box l937.Saa Fraadaco
WeeHy Gall $1.00 bujTbiiiand photographed the disputed
"will" signed Ahnira S. Townsend,
including the "codicil" therein; also
the two envelopes, viz.: The envel
ope bearing thereon the United States
FATE seems to will that Mrs. Bessie
Tracy Smith shall be the predom
inant figure in the sensational de
velopments in the contest over the
fortune of the late Mrs. Almira S. Totvn
eend. An accusing finger is now pointed
at Mrs. Smith by no less a personage than
Handwriting Expert Kytka In a report to
the Chief of Police, based on an exam
ination of the alleged forged will and a
comparison of the fame with the writing
of the former friend of the dead philan
thropist. Kytka has studied and photo
graphed the eponsorless testament so
mysteriously projected into the case last
Friday, and his report of the result of his
Investigations makes things look black In
deed for the accused woman. But one
thing Is lacking against her, according to
Mrs. Murray's friends, and that Is mo
tive. This morning the Grand Jury, act
ing partly on a communication sent them
on Friday last by Sullivan & Sullivan, at
• torneys for Mrs. Ella F. Murray, daugh
ter and claimant for the fortune of Mrs.
Almira Townsend, and partly on Kytka's
report, will subper.a all interested parties,
•nd In a ppeciau session, to be held at 7:30
p. m., will investigate the case that ap
pears to promise so well in sensational
cevelopments.
The expert declares that after careful
examination and comparison of the bogus
¦will and the acknowledged signatures and
handwriting of Mrs. Townsend, hers was
rot the hand that penned the curious doc
ument. But the question arises. If Mrs.
Bmith really did indite the instrument,
¦what could her motive have been? Again,
who is Mrs. M. Bell, whose name appears
as a witness to the bogus testament?
These are the questions every one con
nected with the case but Sullivan & Sulli
van is asking. The former meets with no
response; perhaps the Grand Jury's inves
tigation will elucidate it. The mysterious
Mrs. Bell is thought by all concerned to
be a sort of Mrs. Harris, a-creation put In
for artistic effect by the individual who
evolved the document that has caused
Buch an outburst of righteous indignation
on the part of Mrs. Murray's legal repre
sentatives.
Chief of Detectives Seymour has had
Tnen looking for the retiring will maker
since Friday, but was fain to concede last
night that he or ehe was too ethereal to
locate.
Promise More Sensations.
Sullivan & Sullivan promise all kinds of
sensations when the Grand Jury con
venes to-night, and have lots to say gen
erally about the latest development in
the wrangle over the late Mrs. Town
send'? money. Captain Seymour is silent,
and Mrs. Smith indignantly and tearfuiiy
denies in toto the charges against her
based on Kytka's report, and has en
gaged an attorney to look after her inter
ests, and behind it all J.udge Sullivan pro
fesses to see a mysterions person directing
with a shadowy hand Mrs. Smith's pen,
¦while she. acting under the coercion of
this Satanic apparition, whom. Judge Sul
livan is unkind enough to hint is an attor
ney, traces a document of no use to her
ecif or anybody else but Mrs. Ella F.
Murray and Miss Nellie Rattigan. both of
whom indignantly repudiate the document
as spurious. Judge Sullivan's vision, how
ever, is nothing if not comprehensive. Hz
cees lots of people lurking behind Mrs.
Smith in this matter, all urging her to
¦write a will which, from the view of disin
terested observers, no self-interest cou'd
have prompted Mrs. Murray's opponents
to indite. He implies that t->ese illusive
bad angels have also a material existence
a.nd eavs that mavbe he will conjure them
Into earthly form before the Grand Jury
to-night.
"This woman," said Judge Sullivan, re
ferring to Mrs. Murray, "is a fighter. My
brother and myself will back her up with
all the fight that Is in us. It is time to
break up this business of Juggling with
the estates of the dead, which »»as at
tained the 'dignity' of a profession In this
city. This woman Smith wrote that will.
She wrote it under somebody's influence.
There's a whole gang in this thing. My
Virother and myself will go before the
Grand Jurv to-morrow night to do what
tve can to aid thom in the investigation
they are going to make of this matter."
Seymour Is Silent.
Chief of Detectives Seymour," beyond
eaying that He had had men working on
the new development in the case for some
time, declined to talk.
The report which Kytka turned In, ac
companied by photographs of the docu
ments referred to in it, reads as follows:
SAN FBANCISCO, Aug. 19, 1900.
To the Hon. "William P. Sullivan
Jr., Chief of Police, City and County
of San Francisco— Sir: By your in-
Etractions I nave carefully examined
Accused Woman
Denies That
She Had Any
Knowledge of
the Forgery.
firs. Hurray's At=
torneys Say a
Gang Is Imp!i=
cated in the
Affair.
GRAND JURY TO ISSUE SUBPENA
FOR MRS. BESSIE TRACY SHITH
TELE SAN FEANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, AUGUST 2O; : 19OO.
1 Ladles' tailor-made Vaults, silk skirts, fur
capca; liberal credit. M. Rothschild. M6 Butter. •
v Pa trick ; McCarthy, : an old '¦ man 1 living at
First 'and > Folsom \ streets. : fell; off ' a .west
bound 'j Sutter-street '¦" car r> in ' front ;'of ? an
eastbound '¦: car ; at ;. Van ? i Ness I avenue :; last
night'and ; 'sustalned;ta -number of :¦ cuts
about'" the -head- and' body.'; He'was;-:re
moved to ¦ the office of Dr. : Howard at ' 1016
Sutter £ street, i where : his - Injuries "t,were
dressed; ; , James i,Wood,: the grlpman 'of the
car. that collided with : McCarthy, t was tar
rested by. Police Officer | Hook and charged
wltn -battery. , He i was at 'once released
on $25 cash bail.^: :. - -A, - ; '-..,-.
Struck by, a" Passing Car.
Swim at the Crystal Baths.
, Recommended ;by . physicians.* ' Water always:
clean and warm.',. Tub department best In city.*
Wr. T. SCHENCK. assistant sec
retary of the Union League
Club and a well-known busl
0 ness man, died quite suddenly
yestertf*y at Sycamore Springs, in San
Luis Oblspo County, where he had gone
for a short outir.g. It Is thought that he
was atrlcken with heart failure, as he
arose in the morningr in fair health, but
expired shortly afterward in his bath. His
relatives were notified of the sad news and
arrangements were at once made to bring
the body to this city.
Deceased was a member of George H.
Thomas Post of the Grand Army and also
of the Loyal I>eglon- He was formerly a
trustee of the Mechanics' Institute and
the Chamber of # Commerce.
Mr. Schenck was born at Fishkill, on the
Hudson. November 12. 1S44, and en me . to
California In IS75. He was engaged in the
manufacture of rubber goods for a num
ber of years and dealt extensively In flra
department Fupplies. He leaves a , wife
and four children, all of whom are resi
dents of this city.
The funeral will take place in this city
and will be largely attended by sorrowing
friends. His quiet and courtly manner
made him a universal favorite with all
those who were eo fortunate as to make
blm acquaintance.
W. .T. Y. Schenck Passes Away at
Sycamore Springs While Taking
a Vacation.
WELL-KNOWN MERCHANT
EXPIRES IN HIS BATH
"I am so:glad to hear that the Chris
tians are all . safe In Peking," he said,
"because there are so many men there
, who will do so much good when peace is
restored again. : But .we • will never ¦ have
any order, there until the present dynasty
Is overthrown forever. I saw In the pa
pers that the Empre33 with her solte had
fled from Peking and has gone Into the In
terior. The Germans 'are In favor of fol
lowing her up and} capturing j her. , This
wpuld be. a good' move. We must over
throw her p6wer once > and forever. ' She
Is not ashamed to . own that | she Is , in ; fa
vor of the Boxers and has never done any
thing' to stop the murder of ; the mission
aries. :¦ . ¦¦ ¦ ¦• -. - . ¦ --¦-..:¦ .- - .' -..-..; ¦ :-.-.•
"The Boxer trouble arises from the sim
ple fact that the Chinese hate ; the vwhlte
man. We complain-that the Chinese smell.
They say --. the* same thing -of ,•: us. They
think white ; men t smell - Tike « sheep." in
China I dressed ••like ;a-' Chinaman 'even
down to the . queue and \ lived In ? a , house
like them; but a' white man cannot live
long that* way;- he; will become sick and
die. ¦ *"'' ' '^iiMiii^iiTTriiiiiirBiriwiiii> i 'W<>ii"t | iiiniiiMij
-, "The Chinese cpnveirts are looked upon
by their heathen" fellow-countrymen' as
foreigners ; and I do not' think | that | after
this war there will . be many Christian- na
tives left.'.' China Is entering on a new era,"
America should ; still hold her troops | over ;
there,; as'; at Uhe : end ; of .) the ; war: she 5 can
have her appropriation' of iterritory.!'
"Hold Soldiers in Orient and Get Ter
ritory," Is Advice of HfUs- '
sionary Medhurst \
Rev. C' S. Medhurst, a missionary re
cently from-. China, delivered an Interest-
Ing, lecture at the First ; Baptist Church
last night on the situation In China. The
reverend gentleman h.isbeen working in
the Orient ¦ for the Ia3t fifteen r years ; and
hopes to return there as soon as ; the war
is over.' '
CHINESE SAY AMERICANS
SMELL MUCH LIKE SHEEP
.Mrs. Bessie Tracy Smith ', has ; engaged
George Knight to steer her safely through
the awful tangle* of 5 the law ) that ! is being
gradually 'woven, round ; her.',- -.When 5- she
appears before \ 'Judged Dunne •. this morn
ing Mr. 1 Knight . will be \ with her 'arid :' to-"
morrow evening; "when ,; she ; faces'* thV
Grand Jurj'. the . attorney .-will ' be t there
SHE STILL DECLARES
SEE NEVER WEOTETHB
ALLEGED BOGUS WILL
The envelope ; referred ' to as being: ad
dressed to Miss Rattlgan - Is the one in
which she received the : bogus ' will. The
other, the one Indorsed as containing the
last will of Mrs. Townsend, 'was I the one
inclosing the forged testament . and was
Inclosed In the stamped envelope. Miss
Rattigan when she received the letter ad
dressed to her opened the outer envelope.
When she - saw - the lnclosure she turned
it over ; to Sullivan, & . Sullivan \ with ad
mirable suppression ofher natural curi
osity. Sullivan & Sullivan, too, controlled
the desire which ; they as Mrs. Murray's
attorneys must have felt. to open the will
of their client's mother. < The document
was one by \ which their case t was to " rise
or fall. But they restrained any rash im
pulse and the* letter remained . unopened
until It was handed over. to the police and
it was '. they " who broke the seal f of the
envelope which, like unto a 1 - Pandora cas
ket, contained -.-- the - elements . - of '; fresh
sensation and- trouble ? In the sensational
will contest. , ¦__, ¦¦¦-..'¦¦¦-: , .
velopes were written by the same
hand that wrote the identified exem
plars which purport to - be in the
handwriting of the said "Mrs. Bessie
Tracy Smith." Bespectfully sub
mitted, T. KYTKA,
Handwriting Expert.
the said nor the writing
upon either of the said envelopes is
in the handwriting of said Mrs.'Al
xnira S. Townsend, nor was either of
said documents -wxitten' nor either of
said envelopes addressed by the hand
of said Almira S. Townsend.
I hereby further report to you that
I have carefully examined and com
pared the said -disputed "•will" and
"codicil" and the handwriting on the
two said envelopes, with the identi
fied exemplars in the handwriting of
Mrs. Bessie Tracy Smith, submitted
to me by you, and I hereby, report
to you that the said disputed "will?
and "codicil" (including the name
thereon, "Mrs. M. Bell") and the
handwriting upon the two said en-
EXEMPLARS OF THE HANDWRITING.
/nnHE signature at the top of the illustration Is that of the will which made
I bo unexpected an appearance In the Towneend case. In the center . the
.L handwriting on the right is acknowledged to be that of Mrs. Bessie
Tracy Smith, while that on the left Is the .acknowledged writing of Mrs.
Townsend. The railroad ticket at the bottom bears a genuine signature of
Mrs. Townsend and also one of Miss Kelly J. Rattlgan.
postmark addressed, "Miss Nellie
Rattigan, 1416 Clay street, San Fran
cisco, Cal.," and the envelope having
Indorsed upon face thereof, "Will and
last document, to be given to Mrs.
Ella F. Murray." And I have com
pared the handwriting upon these
said instruments with the identified
exemplars in the handwriting of Mrs.
Almira S. Townsend submitted to me
by you. I hereby report to you that
neither the said disputed "will" nor
"We- are having a "red tag" sale of odd
pictures. Come and see us and you may
find Just what you want and save exactly
one-half the , regular price. 7 We also In
clude in this sale a Jew lamps and easels
at -the same reduction. Sanborn, Vail &
Co.. 741 Market street. . •
Bed Tag Sale.
BOWEN IS ACCUSED OF
WORKING ANOTHER GAME
Said to Save Secured $4OO Through
Promises to Victims of "Puffs"
in Newspapers.
Charles N. Bowen, the happy "grafter,"
arrested on Saturday for obtaining money
from business, men ostensibly' to buy a
plat in Cypress Lawn Cemetery in which
to bury poor printers and newspaper men,
also worked a Bide scheme in connection
with the '. other with great success. .
Henshaw. Bulkeley & Co.. Fremont and
Mission street, in whose office Bowen was
arrested, sent a list of names he had
thrown : in their waste-paper basket to
Captain Seymour yesterday. The list led
to the discovery that Bowen had obtain
ed I various ; sums from - prominent - citizens
under the promise that by contributing to
the purchase of the plat they would get
a writing^ up In, a morning paper to be
selected by the subscriber. In the list all
the subscriptions are marked "Paid." The
total amount received ; is ?400. The police
will endeavor. to get one of his victims to
swear to a complaint against. Bowen on
the last count. N ¦
Coffee and Bric-a-Brac.
That unique revolutionizer of coffee
making, the "'Kin-Hee Quick" Coffee Pot,
will be : Shown . in ; operation at Nathan-
Dohrmann , Company's * this ' week. The
great sale of .beautiful brac-a-brac, much
of it at half price, is still on:
Took^Belladonnaby Mistake.
Mrs. Agnes Tucker, 1123. Folsom street,
was suffering from a cold and took a
dose Of what she thought was licorice
about : 2 o'clock yesterday morning and
gave her friend, Mrs.. Josie Mvser, a dose
also. They became very sick, and it. was
discovered they - had 1 mistaken ; a bottle
containing belladonna for the licorice bot
tle They were taken to the Receiving
Hospital in the ambulance. Dr. Bauer
applied the usual remedies and they were
soon out of cianeer.-
Accidentally Asphyxiated.
: -Joseph. B.' Gareg-hty, • 21 ; years ; of lage."
employed . as a clerk • in the grocery ! "store
of-Otto Granelow at 1664, Post street, /was
found dead ; in his >.- bed by his * employer
yesterday ' morning at 7^ o'clock. An . ex
amination" of .the ; gas jet by. Deputy Coro
ner M V J. Brown revealed a flow of escap
ing .fluid, \, which -easily : accounted for the
youngr man's death. '-No reasons being: as
signed why Gareghty should take his life,
it was the: opinion of Tall •- acquaint
ances that his death. was accidental. > The
body " was ; removed to the , Morgue, ; where
an inquest r. will be , held: ; .
¦Trapper's Oil cures rheumatism and neuralgia.
Druggists. 60c flask. '; Richards & Co.," , 40« Clay.
Fisherman's" I»eg
.James^Bearwalcl, a ; tinner, who resides
at 1253 Eddy street, met with Vmost pain
ful ;. and ; serious accident at* Sausallto yes-"
jterday: He\was sitting ; on "the, wharf Jn
slde: the ? spring . piles i engaged •; in . ttshine
when ithe'l ferry-boat entered I the slip and
Jammed ; one t>f- his legs between the outer
row ; of * piles s and =-; the ' •wharf, $ crushing 1 «t
; badly" from 1 the knees ; down. » He • was at
tendediby.'Dr.iMays.ttnd ombeing.broushr
back* to < the ) city - 1 was \ taken in an ambu
lance) to ; his; residence. . ; .
"I thought it was my duty to tell what
I knew of Mrs. Townsend," she ex
plained, "and what ; more natural than
that I should goto Mr. Plppy, in whos«s
office I was employed, and who was one
of the attorneys for the absent heirs, and
tell him of the secret panel. It was sim
ply a good impulse on my part. If I hail
known all It was going to lead to I should
never have spoken. , .
*'I have no fear of any Investigation."
continued Mrs. Smith, "no matter how
rigid or searching it : may be. I have
nothing to conceal. In fact, I have noth
ing to tell. All I can say is I never wrote
that will." ¦ :
There Is only one thing that Mrs. Smitli
regrets now and that is that she ever al
lowed herself to be drawn into the Town
send case. .
also to protect the lady, who declares she
cannot understand why she is being
dragged into the matter of the Townsena
will embroglio. •
Mrs. Smith only decided upon securing
Attorney Knight's assistance when sha
was Informed last evening that Handwrit
ing Expert Kytka had submitted his re
port to Chief Sullivan and therein de
clared that she was the writer of the al
ieged bogus will that was sent Miss Rat
tigan through the mail.
Kytka's statement unnerved Mrs. Smith
completely..^. ...
"How can he say it?. How can he!" she
repeated over and over again, interrupt
ing her exclamations with the very point
ed questions: i "Why?: Why should I. do
such a thing?- -Why should I lend myself
to % band of -conspirators? What are
they driving at? , .
"I had intended to go to Judge Dunne's
court to-morrow ." morning," continued
Mrs. Smith, "alone. I see now I must pro
tect myself against these people and must
secure counsel." :And thereupon she
called Attorney Knight up over the tele
phone and the matter was arranged at
once. 1
OAKLAND, Aug. 19.— The millmen's
strike will be the subject of discussion
at the meeting to-morrow evening of the
Twentieth Century Club at the First Uni
tarian Church. Rev. Benjamin; Fay Mills
will deliver an address upon the arbitra
tion method In vogue In New Zealand,
where strikes are impossible. Represen
tatives of the mill . operatives and of the
mill-owners have been invited to be pres
ent. ¦ .
Discussion of, Millmen's Troubles.
Ninety-two millmen have already signed
the charter and the promoters, of the
union are confident or gathering all the
millhands in this county within their folds
In the course of a couple of weeks.
Charles Bell, president; Nelll Henry, vice
president: Thomas - Graham, recording
secretary; E.J .White, financial secre
tary; C. A. Leaf, treasurer; \V. J. Isham,
conductor;! F. V. Delfountaine, warden:
trustees— George Bordan, A. WVMaas and
Ivan Nelson.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, Aug. 19.— The millmen of
San Jose and Santa Clara have organized
themselves Into a union of the United
Brotherhood of .Carpenters and Joiners of
America and -have elected the following
officers: . . ... ;• . '¦^'.'¦^-•i.*':
Millmen Unite.
S Whereas, The Merchants' Association is an
organization representing the interests of
every Individual citizen of this community as
well as the community at large, and is com
posed of our leading merchants, ' professional
and business men, who are in close touch with
-all questions affecting and devoted to the wel
fare of San Francisco; therefore, be it
Resolved, That the executive - committee of
the Building Trades' Council, in meeting as
sembled, gladly accepts the suggestion of the
Builders' Association, above stated, and is
willing at any time to submit the entire mat
ter to the Merchants' Association for arbitra
tion, believing as we do that the reasonable
ness and Justice of the request for the elsht
hour day will appeal to the wisdom and sound
business Judgment of any Impartial arbitrator.
The millowners held no meeting yester
day and none has been called for to
day.- It is probable, however, that a
meeting will be held before the day passes
to. consider the question of arbitration.
Several members of the Planing Mill As
sociation who were present at the Build
ers' Association meeting Saturday have
expressed themselves as opposed to let
ting any outside organization determine
the number of hours that their mills shall
be operated. The millmen are hopeful that
the majority of the millowners will re
gard arbitration with favor and will agree
to submit the eight-hour question to the
Merchants' Association for decision.
Whereas, We learn through the public prints
of this morning: that the Builders' Association
at Its meeting last night- adopted the follow
ing resolution: "Resolved, That the Build
ers' Association deplores the present strike and
differences between the owners of planing
mills and their employes— and we stand ready,
if requested, to use our best efforts to recon
cile the existing differences, and we further
respectfully suggest, both parties consenting to
abide by the decision, that the whole matter
be referred for arbitration to the Merchants'
Association for official action"; and
Whereas, We believe that the request of the
mill employes .for the eight-hour day is Just
and reasonable and If granted will result In
the exclusion from use of the product of mills
working over eight hours, thereby concentrat
ing the entire business In the eight-hour mills
to their rreat pecuniary advantage, and thus
subserve the best interests of all concerned; and
The executive committee of the Build
ing Trades' Council, the body which Is
handling the contest of the striking mill
men for an eight-hour day, expressed It
self yesterday as willing, to submit i the
questions at issue to the arbitration of the
Merchants' Association. At a meeting
held at 10 o'clock yesterday morning a
resolution was passed approving ¦ of the
suggestion made by the Builders' Associa
tion and pledging the committee to.arbi
tration. The resolution. was as follows:
Planing Mill Association Will Proba
bly Consider , To-Day the Sug
gestion of Builders'
STILL MAINTAINS THAT
THEIR DEMAND IS JUST
Willing to Trust Millmen's
Contest to Fate of Arbi
tration.
TRADES COUNCIL
ACCEPTS PLAN
PROPOSED.
10
THE LATE W.T. Y. SCHENCK. 1
Expert Kytka Declares in Report
to Chief of Police That She
Wrote Forged Will. '
OOLDBZRS. BOWia * CO'8 8PICIAL iAVINO SALS
Salad dreSSing-Si«-ra Madrt 25C
1 A richly seasoned Mayonnaise —
finest ingredients— reg'ly 30c bottle
Tray S— papier mache 5 5c
10 by 14 inches — decorated — reg'ly 75c
Dentifrice— vioiet-^oc 2 for 55c
Refined quality — refined taste — reg'ly
35c jar — a noted French tooth paste
PailS— indurated fibre }OC
Most durable bucket made —
can't leak— reg'ly 40c
Our monthly catalogue and price
list quotes all the new goods as they
arrive — refer to it occasionally for
information
4)2 Pine 232 Suttar «3oo California San Francisco
1075 Cl.iv totwren Eleventh and Twelfth OaklanJ
RBAIOVAL. OP
HEINE
B» OlJtV IB mm
CO. from US Ellis at., wher« win b« sold tS>»
following: stock, regardless of cost or profit:
38 Ea at Ujrigit Pitaat, i gsUlltn,
7 StslawiT Uprigit Pianos, S O!bj«ai. ,
1 M»soa * Haalia, S Straabet,
9 Ciiekaring Broa. X Ditriagr.
1 Siiw, KdB ll Se! "'* 8r >
2 Toss, lrisier,' 1 litosatls Pin*.
First parties to come will ha.T« bast chole*.
No reasonable offer will be refused on any of
these pianos. "We will rent pianos and allow
rent on purchase price or sell on very easy
terras; anyway, mutt close them out. Sals
now going on at 136 Ellis st.. cor. Mason, which
we must vacate before Sept. 1st. after which
we will occupy far beautiful new •tore- at ai
Gtary st. .
Opera Glasses
20% Cut,
Incftifilnc l«malr«B. wltU and without handles.
Oculists' prescriptions flUed. Factory o&
premises. Quick repairing. Phone, Main »•
OPTICANS^V^Z^
642 Market 5t. i-mbuwmtj
vi*dw cmromicie BuitDtx*. CATALOGUE TREE.
PALACE HOTEL
It Is universally acknowledged that these
hotels possess the attributes that appeal
to particular people— undoubted luxury aad
comfort, unsurpassed cuisine and aerrlc* '
and superior appointments and location.
Connected by a covered passageway and
operated under .one manacement on , UM
American and European plans.
[grand hotel
DRvMCNULTY.
rpjIIS WEO-K>OW.N AND REUABT.KOLlb
'¦ L Specialist cure* Private. Jferroua. and Blood dS\
eases of Men only. Boole on Private Ciseaaea ao4\
; Wfalcnenes of Men.lree. Over-Oy'rV .-tp«.ri*>nc»
. Patients cnrwlai Home. Terras reasonable. Hoars*
; to3da!ly;&30to3-.30 ev'!rs.SanrtaTs,iotol2. Consul-
Utlon free and sacredly confidential. Call.oraddrejs
P. RO8COE Me.VUI.TY, M.D.
SGUKeariur St:. San .Francisco, C»O.
This week. we will show enormous
Quantities of NEW. GOODS in all our
departments, and Gall special atten-
tion to the following six lines.
,7 cases BLACK IMPORTED DRESS FABRICS/ in FlaUPei
Poplins, Brocatelles, Plerolas, Jacrjuarfls, Silk and
Wool' Matlasse, Venetian Casnmere anl Amazon
ciotns.
4 cases PRINTED FRENCH FLANNELS, In white anl
dark grounds, small and medium dots, assorted
"stripes, and small, large and medium figures.
2 cases LADIES' BLACK SILK SKIRTS, Wltn cordel
ruffles, Spanish flounces and accordion pleated, In
fioth Taffeta and Peau de Sole.
l case LADIES' FEATHER SCARFS, In all the new shades
of gran, also natural and hlack, lengths 1, 11, \\ and'
2 cards.
3 cases NEW RIBBONS, in Satin Florentine, Brilliant
Meryeilleux, Satin Llhertu, Ottoman and ,New
Weaves of Wash Rlhhons.
1 case LADIES' NECKWEAR, in Jahots, Ties, Scarfs?
also a large importation of NEW EMBROIDERIES, In
all widths, hoth edgings and insertings.
¦ -
Our customers in the .interior are rerjuested to
write for samples of our* NEW FALL GOODS.
III, 113. 115. 117. 119. 121 POST STREET.
OOLDBEBQ. B0 WEN * CO'8 SPECIAL 8AVTHS 8ALI
POLDBERG
BQWEN
St GO
Vista del Valle Sauternes
are produced on the hills
overlooking Li vermore val-
ley, California, and have
made a most, favorable im-
pression wherever intro-
duced ;/
SPECIAL SAVING SALE
Monday Tuesday
Butter— creamery 40C
This means selling good goods
very close— reg'ly 50c square
Bacon— Armour i6Jc
Cooks crisp and sweet-
corn fed stock— reg'ly 18c Ib
Coffee— Kona 1i\z
Its superior flavor appeals to a
and refined taste— reg'ly rj\c Ib
Haut sauternes pints $$25
Vista del Valle quarts 5 75
A rich fruity wine — sweeter than
plain sauternes— reg'ly $4 and $7 dozen
Tea— new seasons 50C
Mandarin Nectar — "Bee", brand
Ceylon— this price^for the tea only —
nothing else ioduded— reg'ly 60c Ib
Brook trout-reg'ly 25c * Ib can 2OC
A novelty for breakfast —
a convenience for luncheon
Cpcktai \S— Imperial £1
Blended skillfully— aged In the bottle,
—handy— better than home-made
—six kinds— reg'ly $1 25 bottle #
Candy— French mixed ?OC N
The quality and assortment are
generally found in 50c and 75c
confectionery— reg'ly here 35c Ib
Curry powder' jpint 15c
reg'ly 20c and 60c quart 50C
Judges of good curry quickly
recognize its superior aromatic flavor
jPim-OlaS— baby size 3 bottles 50C
: Chop in small pieces for
* garnishing— serve whole with an
. entree— reg'ly 20c bottle
Preserved ginger '-.. jar 25c
The tender stems put up by Crosse &
:. Blackwell— heavy syrupy— reg'ly 35c
Ginger ale-^Fhrtra^ $i
Full of snap— 4 wholesome drink
the year 'round— reg'ly $1 25 dozen
let ysoap-^Pi'nqud soc
Persian Bouquet— delicate odor-
excellent cleansing ; properties —
reg'ly 60c box
Pi ne-apple-rSinsrapore 1 2 Jc
Rich juicy fruit— sliced— , .-:
Teg'lyjisc can-afresh flavor
Graters— round ; ~~X reg'ly 20c 1 5C :
.Large medium and small mesh
v Soups ; pints 3 for 50C
-! Franco- American quarts
\ YoiTwill stop* making home-made
. after once trying these— twenty kinds ;
.. — reg'ly, 20c and 35c . >.::,:.
A.T^Vp.B.TTgTTM F.MT ifr,