SA!N FRANCISCO, THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 6, 1900.
PRICE FfVE CEXTS.
VOLUME LXXXYIII-NO. OS.
S. D. WOODS, NOMINEE OF RE
PUBLICANS FOR CONGRESS IX
THE SECOND DISTRICT.
Continued, to Second Page,
the convention and placed Judge J. M.
Waiting's name before that body. He paid
a glowing tribute to his candidate's worth
Krank Solinsky seconded the nomination
of S. D. Woods. Mr. James of Sacra
mento. In a forcible speech, seconded the
nomination of Mr. Forbes. Judge Adams
then seconded the nomination of Jurist
Woods. The contest was won by Judge
Woods on. the sixth b.tllot. after a long
and stubbornly foughr but friendly battle.
Following is the vote on various ballots:
First— Woods'. 41: Forbes. 54: WallinK. 15.
Second — Woods. • 42 :' Forbes. ' 56 : Walllnff. 15.
Third— Woods. 44: Ffrbep. 5S: .Wall'nsr. 14. .
Fourth— Woods. 4S: Forbes, 61;-. Walling. 14. -
Fifth— Woodn, M; Forbes. 4S: Walling. - 14.'
• Sixth— Woods, 60; Forbes, B3; Walling, 0.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SANTA
CRUZ, Sept. 5. — In the First Congressional
Convention, an interesting contest de
veloped. As The Call announced, the plan
was to make United States District At
torney Frank L. Coombs of Xapa tho
Congressional nominee, but State Senator
J. X. Gillette decided to give him battle.
The delegates from Humboldt fought nard
_Z *
COOMBS NAMED FOR
CONGRESS IN FIRST
AFTER A CONTEST
Amador— W. A. Bennett. J. G. Die; Buttfr—
Dr. W. A. GatPS. J. M. Stlllson; Calaveras— S.
E. Redftioml. Frank Egan: El Dorado— J. F.
Armstrong. W. O. Green: Inyo — N. J. Cooley.
K. Rhine: Mnnr-J. I>. Murphy. Lester F. Bell;
Nevada— X. P. Krown. Then. Wllhelms; Placer
— F. P. Tuttle. J. W. Monley; Sacramento-
George P.. Stack. H. M. Smith; San Joaquin—
Irvin Martin. T. C. Duffy; Putter— W. O. Hal
stead. Conrad Gottwals; Tuolumne. E. T.
Gould, E. M. Duchow; Yuba — W. E. Sanborn,
A.H.Hewitt. *
A Congressional * Committee comprising
two members from each county was then
appointed. A resolution was offered by
Judge Davis and carried unanimously em
powering the Congressional Committee to
'fill any vacancy made by death or resig
nation. Mr. Levinsky then moved for iho>
appointment of an auditing committee of
five members in order to comply with the
purity of election law. which motion wa.i
carried by acclamation and the committee
appointed.
The convention then adjourned sine die.
The new Second District Congressional
i committee is as follows:
The nomination of Mr. Woods covers
the short and the long term.
Senator Cutter of Yuba. on behalf of
Colonel Forbes and Judge Walling, moved
that the nomination of Judge Woods be
made unanimous. Seconded by C. F. M<v
Glashan. this motion was carried by an
enthusiastic vote. :
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SAXTA
CRUZ, Sept. 5.— Members of the Third
Congressional District met to-night and
In short order selected W. R. Davis as
W. B. DAVIS NAMED
FOR ELECTOR FROM
THIRD DISTRICT
Mr. Coombs delivered a brief address of
thanks and the convention then prr>cpe<Jer!
to the selection of a Presidential E'ertor.
As announced in The Call. J. X. GiMetto
was unanimously chosen. In a brief ad
dress he declined the honor, and J. \V.
Rynn of Scotia. Humboldt County. Tr r is
chosen Mr. Ryan is a workman, and the
delegates believed that they could do no
better than nominate a representative of
the laboring people.
Nominations for Congressmen were then
declared in order and District Attorney
Coopcr of Humboldt placed the name of
State Senator J. N. Gillette before the
convention. Delegate Tillotson of Shasta
placed Frank L. Coombs in nomination,
and several seconds for both men were
made In animated and frequently acri
monious addresses.
When the balloting began the assembly
chamber was the scene of great excite
ment. 'When the votes were counted
Coombs had 55 and Gillette r>. Upon tho
motion of a delegate from HumboMt the
nomination was made unanimous.
The convention was called to order in
the Superior Court room in the Coun
house. Judge F. M. Angellotti of Marin
was chosen chairman and C. R. Brtg^s
of Shasta secretary. After a spirited de
bate a resolution pledging the Congxej
sional nominee of the convention to the
support of the Nicaraguan canil was
adopted.
and well, but they were unable to win
and Coombs was nominated.
CALL HEADQUARTERS.
SANTA CRUZ. Sept. 5.-Tho fol
lov.Jnfj messagp was sent to the
convention by President McKinlcy:
EXECUTIVE MANSIOK,
WASHINGTON, Sept. 5.
Hon. George Stone, chair
man Republican State Central
Committee, Santa Cruz: B.s
plying to your letter of the
16th ult, I send greetings to
those assembled at the State
Convention of the Republican
party and take this occasion
to congratulate them upon
the wonderful development
of their State during its first
half century. The progress
already made tog-ether with
California's g-eographical po-
Bition and the expansion of
our commerce in the Orient
givs promise of a most bril
liant and prosperous future.
You have my cordial good
wishes.
WIIXIAM McKINLEY.
PRESIDENT SENDS
A MESSAGE TO
CONVENTION
Senator McGowan expressed his pleas
ure at bclns chosen a Presidential Elec
tor. The convention adjourned, subject
to th* call of the chair. Its proceedings
*rri> in detail tsuch as The Call predicted
to-day.
< 'or.;:r< 4 «« t man Ivoud was called before the
roivi r.tion and delivered a stirring- speech
to the delegates on party Issues. Ho
prophesied the success of the Republican
l^any in November, and he called upon
£l! IifTubJi<"an= to work in the interests
*f MeKlnley and Roosevelt. He thanked
tho dHe;?at<-s fnr the honor conferred on
liim ar.d promise} that If returned to
*2'-grcss he would serve them with the
i*"'ite?t zeal, sis he has during his long
eOA'iee in th<? lower house.
CAM. IinADQt.'ARTERS, SAXTA
CRT'Z. Sept. .".—The Fifth Congressional
District Convention was called to order
thl* evening in the convention hall.
OporRC R. FJ^tohor was selected to act.
ps chairman and a delegate from Santa
C!ara acted as secretary. After the roll
rail Senator Frank McGowan of Fan
Krancisco nominated Kuficne F. Loud for
Cr-r. rrr rs ard there being no further nom-
Inatfocft iIkv were declared closed and
>!r. L-oi:d n?? nominated by aeelamatiOi..
A motion was then made to have a Con
frr^ri^rn'i Committee of eleven, one from
e.i. I: Ar?<mhly District, a point made by
th# fhair. and it prevailed. Mr. Fletcher
•till, within the next fifteen days, an
noTinro his selections. Max Goldberg nom
inated Senator McOowan Presidential
Elector. There was no opposition ttj Mr.
McGowan and the secretary was instruct
ed to cast the vote of the convention for
him.
Fp*rJ.-<! r>l!T'* r <'h to Th" '"all
LOUD THE CHOICE
FOR CONGRESS FEOM
THE FIFTH DISTRICT
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SANTA CRUZ, Sept. 5. — The work of the district conventions was concluded to-night. There were no serious contests ex
cept in the Second District. .
In this district the victory of S. D. Woods of San Joaquin County created a great surprise among the delegates. It was thought early in the
day that Colonel E. A. Forbes of Yuba would be nominated for Congress in this district, and that the latter, failed to secure the coveted plum was due
principally to the untiring efforts of F. E. Dunlap and Arthur JLevinsky of San Joaquin County, who from the outset labored to secure the nomination for
their friend. Six ballots were necessary to decide the contest. Nevada County was first to break and join Woods' standard and the delegates from Butte quickly
followed, and the nomination of San Joaqnin's candidate was assured. Although the contest was a spirited one, it ended harmoniously.
Following are the results by districts:
CALL. HEADQUARTERS. SANTA
CRUZ. Sept. 5.— "Heretofore and
prior to the last State conven
tion," said Arthur L/evinsky, in
calling the Second Congressional
District Convention to order, "I was the
the chairman of this district. As such it
was my duty to call the convention to
order. At the last State convention which
nominated delegates to the national con
vention there were new committees and
chairman appointed. The chairman ap
pointed is not present to-r.ijrht. There
was no vice chairman appointed. At the
request of the representatives of the va
rious candidates before this convention I
have been asked to call you to order. The
request was made by Senator Cutter,
Judge J. M. Walling and Senator Pres
ton. I have not. . been requested by the
San Joaquin delegates, as our county rep
resents the Interests of S. D. Woods. If
it will be your pleasure, I will now call
this convention to order.
"Gentlemen of the convention, nomina
tions for temporary chairman are novr In
order."
Frank J. Solinsky of Calaveras nomi
nated Senator E. C. Vcorheis and Dr. J.
W. Harvey of Butte placed Frank B. Ryan
of Sacramento in nomination. The con
vention proceeded to vote on the candi
dates, and Mr. Ryan simplified 'matters
by tvithdrawlns in favor of Mr. Voor
hets.
The next order of business was the
election of a temporary secretary, and
Judge Adams named Frank D. Ryan.
That popular delegate was elected by ac
clamation before he could refuse the of
fice, and when called on made an excel
lent speech thanking the body for the
honor conferred upon him. "We can con
gratulate our President," he said "for re-,
moving one great obstacle to Republican
success in this district." V
His allusion to Congressman de Ydes
created much laughter.
At the close of his remarks the follow
ing committee on credentials was ap
pointed: Judge Adams of El Dorado,
Frank Frntes of lone. James Weldon of
Butte. F. J. Sollnsky of Calaveras. W. T.
Elliott of Mono, Harvey lioone of Inyo,
C. F. McGlashan of Nevada, B. B. Dem
fn? f<f Placer. W. M. Sims of Sacramento,
F. E. Dunlap of Snn Joatiuin. H. P. Har
r'son of Suttcr. T. A. Hender of Tuol
umne and W. M. Cutter of Yuba.
The following committee on order of
hi'f>'rc?s and pcrmarent organization was
appointed by the chairman: Harold T.
Power. John F. Davis. W. R; Hall, Ar
thur I*. Levinsky and C. N. Porter.
A temporary recess was taken, and on
reconvening the committees reported.
Judge Adams, chairman of the commit
tee on credentials, read the list of dele-
Kates, and at its conclusion asked for the
adoption of the report. Chairman Power
repd the report of the committee on order
of business antl permanent organization,
which was adopted.
Senator Davis in an eloquent speech
nominated Harold T. Power of Placer
County as Presidential Elector. Judson
Krusie, formally nominated Dr. G. L.
Simmons of Sacramento and C. F. Me-'
Glashan placed John F. Kidder of Ne
vada in nomination. Charles , Swlsler
nbly seconded the nomination -f Air.
Power. Nominations having closed, a
roll call of the counties resulted in the
following vote: Power 63, Kidder 24, Sim
mons 26.
Mr. Power was announced the victor
and Hon. John F. Kiddrr was selected as
alternate Presidential Elector of the Sec
ond District.
The next, order of business was the
nomination of a candidate for Congres3.
F. E. Dunlap of San Joaquln obtained
the floor andln a short but able speech
he placed the name of S. D. Woods before
the. convention. When the anplause had
subsided. Senator Cutter of Tuba placed
his fellow townsman. Colonel E.A.Forbes.
In nomination for the office. C. F. Mc-
Glashan again secured the attention of
Special IDispa/toli to Tlie Os.ll.
Only Spirited Contest Is fa the Second, in Wlhicih Woods of San Joaqniifi Defeats Forbes,
Much to the Surprised AM Republican Delegates to the Convention,
DISTRICT CONVENTIONS ARE ALL HARMONIOUS
AT SANTA CRUZ AND COMPLETE THEIR LABORS
COLONEL GEORGE STONE CALLING THE REPUBLICAN CONVENTION TO ORDER.
THE PICTURES OF JUDGE W. C. VAN FLEET, THE TEMPORARY CHAIRMAN. AND H. S. WANZER. THE TEMPORARY SECRETARY OF THE CONVENTION. WHO WILL BE MADE THE
PERMANENT OFFICERS •
Only Marring Feature of the Great Gathering Is the Influence of the Unholy Dreibund Represent
ing the Southern Pacific, Which Forces Its Way in the Matter of Representation
• in Two of the Assembly Districts of San Francisco.
The <-onv«>ntir>ri. w hi<~h will adjourn to-morrow, has been a remarkable one.
Before it assembled, before a temporary officer was chosen or a rollcall euk
geyted. The <"all toid in absolute detail all that it would do. Its officers were
named by this paper before they were chosen. Its plans, resolutions, policy, plat
form and candidates wor» sriven to-day by The Call before ja maicrity of the
delegates |cn«w tho locality of the hall In which they were to meet.
In only one instance wai the prediction of this paper not verified, and that was.
in th* Second Congressional District, where the railroad slate was broken and the
railroad candidate for Conrrrss. K. A. Forhes. was defeated by S. D. Woods. Dur
!r.s the fight in this district Edward Conroy was an active worker In the conven
tion, striving in every possible way to obtain votes for Forbes. His chagrin was
vrltten on his face. It was one of the most pleasurable Incidents of the conven
tion.
ACCURACY OF THE CALL'S FORECAST.
THERE IS LITTLE LEFT TO DO.
i he Congressional conventions having finished their labors,
very 1 ttle is left for the general body to do. It will meet to
morrow and will ratify wh.it the seven districts have done, and
it will then elect two Presidential Electors-at-large. whose names
were announced to-day by'The'Call. A platform" will be adopt
ed and probably at noon the convention will adjourn.
he committee on platform and resolutions has had seriou3
business before it to-day. Members of the committee were
tj to attend various district conventions and were unable to eive to tha
platform that consideration which it was hoped it would receive. The docu
ment will not be completed, therefore, until to-morrow. In order to expe
dite matter? the following sub-committee was appointed: Judtre F. M. An
gdlotti of the First Cor-irre^ior.al District. F. J. Solinsky of the Second Con-
Kre?siora1 District. Dr. Georsre C. P.irdee of the Third Congressional Dis
trict. Charles Franklin of the Fourth Congressional District. W. S. Wood of
the Fifth Cori-resHonal District. T. \V. McKinley of the Sixth Congressional
District, and Dr. Chester Rowell of the Seventh Congressional District.
This corr.T-.ittee made some progress to-day, but was unable to finish its la
bors.
IMPORTANT PLATFORM SUGGESTIONS.
Three important suerfre^tions other than tho«=e presented to-dav in the out
:ir.c of the platform bv The Call were made. These ?ujrsrcstions mav or may
e !rr-".rporat<v1 In the platform, but the probability is that they will be. One
in oamr-st advoracy of an increased State appropriation for the 1'nlverpity
Sforr.'.n. to be derived from taxation which shall not be general. The second
trpp irirrpasod State l^erislation in behalf of irrigation, and the third, a most
.t r<-'-ommer,.1atlon. demands that all shipbuilding for the National Gov
errrr, t a.^ifmod to this State be made In Federal shipyards under Federal su
lon. It is probable also that an effort will be made to incorporate In the
p'atform an indorsement 'of San Pedro harhor.
Tnie 1 their policy the Herrln-Crimmirs-Kclly contingent insisted upon rec-
Ofrr.ir.'on from the o'mmittee on credentials and a? the convention is.domi
r.ated by Southern J'arifir influences, the unholy alliance had its way. In it*
insolence it Increased the demand wiilch it made yesterday and insisted that ;t
receive net half a vote, but a full vote and romplete representation In th<?
Tv.rnty-nin:h and THrty.-third Apseir.hly districts. This was accordingly glvan
to the clique.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SAXTA CRUZ, Sept. 5.—
The proceeding's of the Republican State Convention
have almost become a story of the political history of the
State. The convention has met and in its segregated subconven
tions has transacted nearly all of the business it was expected to
do. The general convention has effected temporary organiza
tion, choosing the officers who were announced in The Call this
morning. Enthusiasm has run riot in this city, and not too
much can be said in praise of the people of Santa Cruz for their
hospitality, their generous entertainment and t>eir untiring ef
forts to make pleasant the visit of the convention delegates.
. Even- Congressional convention has finished its labors and
in only one instance was the programme changed. That change
was in the Second Congressional District, where S. D. Woods,
and not E. A. Forbes, was nominated for Congress. In the
First Congressional District J. X. Gillette was named as Presi
dential Elector, but. as announced by The Call, he declined, and
T. \Y. Ryan of Humboldt was chosen in his stead. In the Sev
h Tongressional District Dr: Chester Rowell declined a simi
lar honor, and Captain James McFadden received it.
Special Dispatch to The Call
Result of the Convention Shows
the Remarkable Accuracy of
The Gall's Forecast, Which Is
Borne Out Save in One Point.
REPRESENTATIVE5 OF THE REPUBLICANS OF THE GOLDEN STATE,
IN COUNCIL AT SANTA CRUZ, ARE MAKING PROGRESS
HARMONIOUSLY AND ENTHUSIASTICALLY.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.Desire to Exalt Human L>abor.
We are met to make other declarations.
We believe in a tariff framed on the the
ory and for the avowed purpose of both
raising revenue and protecting American
labor on farm and in shop. We defend
that doctrine against the open and covert
assaults of the free-trade Democracy; we
propose to continue that doctrine in ex
isting laws, readjusting the schedule of
duties "according to the exigencies of the
times" and to meet the changing condi
tions of the home and foreign markets.
And we shall do this in a businesslike
way, as practical. law make/s; not as fan
tastic and theoretic dreamers. The Amer
ican people are now enjoylnj? the sub
stantial blessinps flowing; from this doc
trine as enacted Into the Dlngley law, and
they will not permit the destruction of
this source of individual and national
prosperity by tho. Democratic iconoclasts.
like to see a Democrat attempt to tear it
down.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAMUEL M. SHORTRIDGE DELIVERS HIS SPEECH.
AS announced In The Call this morn
ing. W. C. Van Fleet of San Fran
cisco was elected temporary chair
man. Dr. Gcore« C. Pardee of
Oakland nominated, the cx-Jus
tice, extending the usual compliments.
Dr. Pardee said that Judge Van Fleet
needed no eulogy from him. as his stand
ing as a citizen and his position In the
Republican party are absolutely assured.
With this Dr. Pardee contented himself.
J. W. MrKinley of I^os Angrles seconded
tho nomination, pnd a-s a matter of course
there were mo other!'.
W. C. Van Fleet was elected by accla
mation. He was t-scorted to the ciiair by
W. P. Woods: of San Francisco and Dr.
Fardce.
Mr. Van Fleet said of course that he
ni surprised at, his. election. It Is cus
tomary to tw» surprised always, but the
chairman had a typewritten letter of ac
ceptance with him, and from it he read
h'.s thanks to the convention.
V.'h^ii Chairman Van FW-t had conclud
ed he introduced J. T. Parker, the Mayor
ot fanta Cruz, who in hi? official capacity
vMconu-d the delegates to the city. His
addrefs was as follow?:
DELEGATES TO THE REPUBLICAN
STATE OONYENTKtN-CENTLEMEN: I
ens lasprewed v.-ith the honor ot my i*>sition
to-4i:y. nr.-l it e'vp* me p:?r.*urp f» «
lend to you. <>n l«oUnlr of the citizens of
t-ijr.ta t'niz, a n:o?t beartjr welcome Santa
<"ruz L;s i:ii'l n.iuiy Ik ncred pueftP. liut I
St&nd Ix-fure a lur»'-r •iu<«!en<*e of di*tinr
ST'iiFT^i! z r P.tl'-ir.«.'.a t!:..r. have p;tUi«-re*l here
tor miry ye«.rs. Th«« ime!:is<_Ti<-e which I
yf on • our facs It ciiracterfftic vt the
party w*- rejro'*nl.
I bdlcve every loyal citizen of th>» United
Statr-f is proud of the character and dlirnlty
exhibited fcy our GiTerwBem in the last
fvi.tr ytars. rv-cartllc-M of his partv |K>litica.
K-hfrfa is .. puaruntee cf its continuance.
California fhould l«o ;irou>1 t,1 th.- part i*he
took in placing *uch tuAAt n».-n at t!u: J-.^ad
of our Government, and S»i;ta <"ruz dll
her j.art l::!1hful!y and ¦well, which Che will
r«1>est th'.s >«¦.-.«-.
Asair. I welconv; you and *x?»rt'1 to you
Tiie freru.xu of <>ur city, believing that 'the
<V-I!l>r-raticn« of this o» mention will lea<l to
the hijrhert T'»-.4 of oar creat State and
SreStrr natltn.
When May-ir Parker hnO finished, tho
ru*lru-ss o! the convention v.as resumed.
As announced !n The Call to-day: H. s.
IVanxrr «>f Sar.ta <"ruz was cbosen secre
tary and Stilton Beme was r!< etr-U ser
greast^U-ajnas. The machinery was now
moving smoothly.
The Sims Job Accomplished
Tne tall announce*: to-day that W. M.
5'lrr.s of Sacramento v.-ould be chosen
chairman of the committee on creden
tials, and that the Republicans of San
Krancisco would l-e deprived of repre
sentation. The job was accomplished as
arnoujicrd.
Sims moved that a committee on cre
dentials, consisting of three members
from each Congressional district, be ap
pointed by the chairman. Max Goldberg
lrsoved as .in amendment that tho county
of i:p,n Kranclseo be eliminated from the
ojmjnittee. as there are two contests in
the metropolis. Sims Immediately ac
*eptod the amendment, which was adopt*
»-d by the eonvetiUo:;. notwithstanding; the
protest of A. Rutf, who inpiricd that San
Frar.cisco was being robbed cf its rights.
In discussing the affair Ruef *poke as
follov/s: •
The amendmrnt Ju?t proposed and accept
f>3 eliminates the entire city and county of
Bfcn Francisco. There is no contest in Sun
VAN FLEET TAKES
GAVEL AS THE
CALL ANNOUNCED
Greeting-s From the President.
The cheers for ih«_- songs had no sooner
ended than they were renewed in response
to a telegram from President McKinley.
•rhicb was read by Colonel George Slont.
A? this message from the national ex
ecutive was read the members of the coi>
vi ntion. the audience on the main, floor
.-in.] in the galleries arose to their fee:
{;nd cheered time ana again. The serious
business of the convention then began.
.+.
m: h event*.
Colonel Stone, vrjth a tapping of the
gavcL brought the big assembly to order
and announced tbat the secretary. Sena
tor Cutter, would read the eaJl for tho
convention.
When Secretary Cutter had concluded
the Oiee Club of Santa Cruz, consisting
of the follOTlng laOlea and ger-.t'.emen.
v.as announced:
Tenors -Messrs. Frark Matt'.scn, Tit. F. L
UHaSi Pror?ssor LtntfUam. C. A. Converse.
David Jer.as. Arthur \Vi!l!a:r.*. Perry Katcn.
Sopranos— M'-sdar-.t-s H. P. "A'anzer. J. J. Ker-
Jir.. J. n. WtUlftmsoa. F. D. McPberrm, J.
V>\ Llntctt. Misses Rcse Pfitzer. L<?na Gank
royer. Kate Baxter, klabel Frniih.
Altos— M'.^ses Anna I.ir.scott. Jcfsie W'ood
•vari, Mnry Dyer. Winnie Gord.:i. Miriam
Co;e. Be?Ke Swan. Ocn;ie Collins. Reb'.e
UovUnd. Mrs. J. P. Twin.
Bass"s^~ M«frf. Fraf.k Brown. O. I. Rradley.
>mo* Jioff. J. VT. Llnscott. E. F. Hilton. Har
vey Meafl. H. B. V.'amer. Louis Plod*. Ray
Corr.lfh. H. F. Metzlw nr.d J. P. Twist.
The "Stars and Stripes" was the them?
cf th«^ singers and well they responded
to It. The immense audience of men and
¦women crowding- the pavilion t6 the very
doors arose to its feet and with a cheer
welcomed the song which had not yet
l)*>en sung, and cheer after cheer was
Kiven with a will. Handkercniefs and
hats wero waved. Enthusiasm seemed to
be contagious.
Great Outbursts of Patriotism.
As the stirring music of the patriotic
feOi ~ Bounded in the ears of tho gn-ai
throes ar. immense American flag wa*
twuiig down from the rafters. The voices
of the singers were lost In the uproar of
cheers which followed. It was a signifi
cant inspiring opening to the convention.
When the song was ended the audience
would not be satisfied. Again and again
;<. demand was made for. more and tue
Glee Club responded to the encore.
When the convention opened the scent
was a striking one. The convention hal!,
:he largest in the city, was splendidly
adorned within and without. The citizen*
of Santa Cruz had left nothing undone to
welcome their guests worthily. Within
and without the scene was one of bril
liant color. From the towers of the build-
Ing: ionp streamers, flags and bannets
floated !n the breeze. Inside the hail th'.
galleries were hidden in the folds of tho
Stars and Stripes. The rafters were a
mass of color— swaying bands of the na
donal colon and patriotic emblems
adorned the walls and stage. Pictures of
McKinley and Roosevelt were behind the
speakers' mand and In the air was tho
fragrance of Sowers scattered In pro
fusion. The delegates to the. convention
certainly could have asked no more from
their generous hosts in the little city by
the sea.
The patriotic songs of the Glee Club ln
ppired the convention to an enthusiasm
which continued throughout the procetti ¦
:rgs. i
CALL HEADQUARTERS.
BANTA CRUZ. Sept. b.-The
convention was called to or
der by Coionel George Stone
at 2:23 o'clock this afternoon,
practically without formality
— without the ostentation
w hlch usually accompanied
Mr. rtuef was practically nlone in his
fight against the strons forces of the
bosses. Throughout his argument he was
interrupted by hard-looking citizens, who
were in the lobby, and for their own pro
tection tho committee bad to demand of
the intruders that they remain quiet.
Despite the interruptions and threatening
looks Ruef argued for the decent element
in politics. Knowing that he stood lit
tle chance of receiving a fair deal'before
the committee, he tried conciliatory
measures, but the Kelly, Crimmins and
Herrln "push." feeling secure In the pos
session of a sufficient number of the
members of the committee, would havo
no compromise. Th«y wanted a decision
and they secured one.
After listening to the arguments of
Messrs. Ruef. Welch, and George W. Pen
nlncton (who fpoke Rlrongly In favor of
the certificates signed by Chairman Bou
vier and Secretary Wilson), and the re
marks of James Alva Watt. Leon £am
ui»1r. Pat HetHlCfasey and others, the com
mittee went into executive session and be
hind closed doors carried out the plot of
Bosses Kelly. Crimmins and Herrin, which
they had been appointed to do.
The .unseated delegation will make no
further fight in this convention, but will
carry It to tho municipal convention,
which is to be held in San Francisco.
Ruef showed that, according to the pall
of the State Central Committee, the cer
tificate of Chairman Bouvier and Secre
tary Wilson was all that was requirei
and that the delegates from every county
In the State were similarly certified; that
the paper presented by the Kelly-Crim
mins-Herrin delegation had been
made out after they had discov
ered they had lost their vote nt
the primaries and was a direct ef
fort to subvert th»- will of the people as
clearly expressed at the primary election.
Watt replied but he did not care to go
into the merits of the case, relying upon
the personnel and organization of th«
committee to carry through the scheme
which he hnd proposed in the interest of
Kelly and Crimmins.
The delegates certified to by Chairman
Alfred Bouvier and Secretary Wilson of
the County Committee were represented
before the committee on credentials by
A. Ruef, who made a forcible and con
vlncinc ¦ exposition of the case. : James
Alv» "Watt was present in the interests
of the County Committee.
The committee on credentials that was
named proved no surprise. As soon as It
was announced from the platform it was
openly declared to be packed in the inter
ests of the Kelly-Crimmins-Herrin dele
gation. The partisans of Kelly wore
broad smiles and openly boasted that the
committee on credentials would seat their
delegates, no matter what the evidence
might show.
The contest in San Francisco began in
the convention in the afternoon. A mo
tion to appoint a committee, of threu
from each Congressional district was
made by Mr. Sims, who was slated for
chairman of the committee on creden
tials. By prearrangement. Max Gold
berg 1 , who represented the County Com
mittee faction, asked that the San Fran
cisco delepation be not recognized in the
making up of other committees. Chair
man Van Fleet suggested to the maker
of the motion that he accept an amend
ment, which he did. This was denounced
as unfair by Mr. Ruef. who said the con
tested delegations contained only twelve
delegates, while the San Francisco dele
gations comprised 130 members.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. ' SANTA
CHUZ. Sept. 5.— The committee on creden
tials lost no time in getting to work im
mediately after the adjournment of the
convention. W. M. Sims of Sacramento,
chairm.in of th^ committee, and his fellow
members hurried to the chambers of thn
Supervisors in the City Hall and for two
hours listened to the arguments of the
contesting delegations from San Francis
co. They then went into executive se?s:on
and decided to unseat the delegates who
were certified to by the Uouvier-Ruef fac
tion of San Francisco.
PLOT OF CRIMMINS
AND KELLY CARRIED
OUT BY COMMITTEE
Senator Nutt arose and in behalf of
San Diego County seconded McFadden's
nomination. Dr. Ilowell also paid a trib
ute to Mr. McFadden, and the nomina
tions having been declared closed. Secre
tary Vincent cast the ballet of the con
vention fpr him. An adjournment was
theu taken. As announced in »The Call
to-driy Dr. Rovvell was the first choice of
the convention for Presidential elector,
but as this paper declared he insisted that
Captain McFadden be chosen.
Mr. West spoke of Captain McFadden's
Mness for the important office and told
of his great work in the party. He also
Informed the delegates that Mr. McFad
den had received the indorsement from
the convention which nominated J. C.
Needham as Congressional candidate
from that district.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SANTA
CRUZ. Sept. 5. — The Seventh Congres
sional District Convention was convoked
immediately after the adjournment of the
State convention. Dr. Chester Rowell of
Fresno County was elected temporary
chairman and H. W. Vincent of San Di
ego was made temporary secretary. A
candidate for Congress having been al
ready nominated, nothing remained for
the delegates to do except to select a
Presidential Elector from the district. J.
B. West of Santa Ana nominated Captain
James McFadden for the honor.
NO OPPOSITION *
FOE ELECTOR IN
SEVENTH DISTRICT
Warren R. Porter cf Santa Cruz was
unanimously declared Presidential Elector
for the Sixth District, as predicted to-day
In The Call. An auditing committee was
appointed by the chair for Congressional
candldate<
CAL.L HEADQUARTERS. SANTA
CRUZ, Sept. 5.-At a meeting of the Sixth
Congressional District Committee, held at
the Sea Bca'eh Hotel, a motiorf was put
and carried unanimously pledging the
nominee for Congress. James McLaehlan,
to the bill for the completion of San Pedro
harbor.
WASREN B. PORTER
OF SANTA CRUZ THE
SIXTH'S CANDIDATE
A resolution authorizing the committee
appointed to fill all vacancies for member
of Congress in the Fourth Congressional
District that may occur through any
cause and another resolution empowering
the chairman to appoint a party commit
tee of Jive were adopted'. The convention
adjourned to the call of the chairman.
Joseph S. Bpear Jr., P. H. Prendergast. A.
Barnard, Dr. P. A. Kc-arney, M. A. Smith.
Jacob I.evi Jr.. William T. Howe. James Me-
Cabe. Albert Houston. R. H. Williams, James
Fallon. John A. Hoey, J. P. Sullivan, William
Gallagher. Martin Brady. K. M. Buckley,
James McNalr and J. J. Sullivan.
fornfa. as already recognized ar.d approved by
the national committee and the nationai con
vention of tho Republican party of the United
States and of the Stuu- of California, whose
names are embodied in this resolution, be and
they are hereby approved and appointed to
be the eoverning committee of and for the
Fourth Congressional District of said State
and to refreseilt each Assembly district and
other political divisions contained within eatd
Fourth Consxessic-nal District or such other
territory that may b-? added or changed through
the next district aiitwrtlonment to be made by
the Legislature cf the State of California, and
whose»nam«! -et->? as foHows:
There wa« little more to do. The date
and place of meeting of the various dis
trict conventions were announced and the
convention adjourned to meet to-morrow
morning at 10 o'clock.
As the great assembly was about to ad
jnurn it was asked to ris'- and join in the
vin^inp of tho national hymn, "America."
The scene was an impoj=ing one. as thou
sands of men joined in fhe splendid har
mony of the national sons.
Committee on credential— W. M, Sims. Sae
r.imento ichalrman): John E. Reynolds. Shasta;
Owen Wnde. Xapa: J. C Bull Jr.. Humboldt;
T A. Hendw. Tuolumne; Irwin Griffith. Sut
t*r: A. A. McKe»n. Alameda; John U Allison,
Ctolua; J. N. Scribner. Glenn: J. R. Lowe,
Santa ciera; L. Harris. Santa Harbara; H. <5.
Wcywe Lcs Angles.; F.. M. Pallette. F. W.
Richardson San Bernardino; George H. Crafts,
Kern; J. H. Greely, Orange.
(Yiniinitt»e "ti permanent organization and
order of l>us!ne.-s — A. fJr<>enin^er. Santa Clara
(rhsfrman); F. A. Whiffle. Mendoclno; Lyman
«ir»'n. Sonoma; \V. F. Matrgsrd. Tehama; C.
F. MeC.iaEhan, Nevada: J. W. Harvey. Butte;
H. T. Power. Placer: E. K. Taylor. Alameda;
K H. Harkinson. Contra CoFta; Thomas Hen
derson. I-ake; V. L. Archibald, A. H. Cousins.
I) I>. Sullivan, K. n. H«rri, San Francisco;
Henry W. Walker, Fan Mateo: \V. H. Wright.
I,. It". Oarrett. Ixjs Anceles; R. M. Shackcl
ford. San Luis Olilspo: Fred A. Dodpe. Kings;
C R. Tillson. Stanislaus; A. VI. Xutt. San
Ili'Ci.
<"<"mmittee on platform and resolutions— J.
M\ McKlnley, Los Angeles (chairman*; J. S.
Heard. Btskirou: F. M. Arnrellottt. Marin: Stan
ley A. Smith. Sierra; John F. Pavl?. Amador;
A. J. L'<?vin«ky. San Joariuln; F. J. Sollnsky.
Calaveras; George C. Tardee. Alameda; Al<ien
Aniicrfon. Bolano; J. Q. Fredericks, Yolo;
Charl»s Franklin, P. H. Prendergast. George
McCollouRh. J. J. AFchelm. \V. S. Wood. San
Francisco; n. F. McCmw. Santa Clara: M. <!.
Hu<'.sr.n. Monterey: C. J. Bard, Ventura: Sctpio
Craig. San rWnardln<>; Chester Howell, Fresno;
Charts G. Lambertnn. Tulare.
Vic-f preFliientf— D. J. Hall. Trinity: James
A. Johnson. Del Xorte; Goorce L. Tomb. Las=
sen: ttV.W. Ward, Yutia: Harvey Doonp. Mono;
L. P. Narh, Sutter: A. K. Qu'n. Alameda; J.
J. LuchsinRer. Sn'ano: O. Schwelser. Yolo; Jo
seph S. Sf.ear Jr.. Horace Jackson. C. B.
Rode. S»n Frpncisco; M. A. Southworth. Santa
Clara: \v. .1. Martin. San Mateo; I>. !>. Fltz
gerald. Fan FTanclcco; Carl Iviri'lsay. Santa
•¦"ruz: W. M. Avis. Ijos Anccles; George Mack,
S.inta Barbara; OS. R. Freeman, Riverside; C.
R. Tillson. Stanislaus; J. \V. Knox. Merced.
AFTER Congressman Pearce's
t-peech. Chairman Van Fleet again
called the convention to order and
announced the following commit
tees and vice presidents:
APPOINTMENT OF
VARIOUS COMMITTEES
AND ADJOURNMENT
At the conclusion of Mr. Shortridpe's
address Charles E. Pearee of St. Louis
made a patriotic speech. Both of the ad
dresses were enthusiastically received
and warmly applauded.
Durine this recees Samuel M. Short
ridpe of San Francisco delivered an elo
quent address.
Immediately after carryinp out the pro
gramme. J. W. McKlnley of I-os Angeles
moved that a committee on platform ar.d
resolutions, to consist of three memlers
from each Congressioi.flt district, be aa
pointed by the chair. The motion was
adopted ard Chairman Van Fleet de
clared a recess of the convention while
he selected the committee.
The chairman was authorized to appoint
a committee on permanent organization
and order of business, to consist of three
members fn-m each congressional dis
trict.
"I'll ninkc the motion. Van Fleet." he
said, "and you appoint Grenninger any
way."
So Cutler descended from the stage.
made the motion and saved the day.
A most unfortunate complication aro?o
over the next incident of tho programme.
As announced in The Call this morning,
A. Grcr.ninger of Santa Clara was to bo
chosen i hjiirman of the committee on
permanent. organization ami order of busi
liffs. Chairman Van Flcpt, with proph
etic eye, therefore saw Mr. Grennlnger
and recognized him. Rut Mr. Gnnnlnger
was not thc-re. Chairman Van Fleet in
sisted that he was. How the unfortunate
affair would have endc-d it would be dif-
Jlcult to conceive If it w^re not for the
fact of Senator Cutter.
An Unfortunate Complication.
The opposition counted for nothing and
the commlttoo, with San Francisco left
cut. was ordered to be appointed.
ment. I epjeee thcarn«rndmi»nt.
Francisco except r.p to twelve delegates, ami
nc are here 1C0 ptror.g. I think it would
bo t!?e r.iei-t unjust thing that this conven
tion rattld do. There ar*t contests only in
the Twenty-ninth Asaetpbly Pitrtriet and the
Thirty-third DUtrtet, »>cth of which are In
the Fourth. Conan fsinr.^1 .JMstrirt. one hav
ing five and the othy ?evt=n. What is the
puitxm of thic amendment? Are there not
t-nouKh honest men In San Francisco from
whom you could 6?l^ct three out of eiphteofi
to m;ik* a peloction, uik'i a«'t <1^t*«*ntly and
fi*rly? I leave it to the gentlemen from
Fan Francisco whether that is a fair amend-
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Stirring Scenes Are Followed by Temporary Organa=
zation and Committee Appointments and
the Sims Job,
REPUBLICAN CONVENTION
BEGINS WORK SMOOTHLY
Brallaant, Logical amd Forceful Is
¦ the Address of Samuel M.
Slhortridge.
SOUNDING KEYNOTE
OF THE CAMPAIGN
SANTA CRUZ "SURF"
TURNS REPUBLICAN
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Editor A. A. Taylor, a Lafelomg Dem
ocrat, RemoMinices Bryamasm and
Supports MeKImley.
SANTA CRUZ. Sept. 5.— The
Daily Surf, always recognized
as a leading dally of the
State, and whose editor, A. A.
Taylor, ranks among the best
as a writer, came out to-day
editorially in favor of Mc-
Kinley and Roosevelt. The
Surf , .established as a Demo
cratic paper, has always supported that
party. The editorial occupies five columns
of space. In his introductory remarks
Mr. Taylor says to his readers:
For two decades I have addressed you upon
seme topic or other nearly every day in these
columns. Durinsc this period, with only two
brief intervals, everything appearing on this
page has b»eti the product of my*, pen or has
received the stamp of personal approval.
ISorn a Democrat, with three generations of
Democratic blood In my veins; reared a Demo
crat; engaged for the greater part of my active
life formulating and advocating Democratic
policies and promoting the interests of Demo
cratic candidates, any other course has hereto
fore appeared to me unthinkable.
It was the effort and desire of the Surf, as
well as of many others, to have the Demo
cratic Convention in California promulgate a
platform which should embody advanced sen
timent on new issues and put the Democratic
perty In the van of progress.
It was not done, and both parties drifted
through the campaign of '93 rudderless, so far
as the new conditions were concerned.
Time passed and by the terms of a treaty
the Philippines and Porto Rico were Incorpor
ated into the American domain. That treaty
found some of Its most ardent supporters
among Democrats, Us principal opponents
among Republicans. It is a matter of history
that its ratification was finally accomplished
In the Senate by the personal efforts of 'Wil
liam J. Bryan. Seventeen Democratic Senators
voted to confirm ths treaty, which it is now
proposed to repudiate.
I believe before November millions of our
countrymen heretofore affiliating with the
Democratic party will see the danger of adopt
ing the course Mr. Bryan has now marked out
and will give their ballots and their influence
to upholding the only policy consistent with
American hor.or, regardless of the name come
by the party In power or of how much they
may like or dislike Mr. McKlnley.
In Favor of Expansion.
Editor Taylor then outlined his views
on expansion and quoted from editorials
published In the Surf during the late war,
which supported the policy of the Govern
ment. The editorial continued:
In the meantime, by force of gravitation of
events more than of volition, the admin" st ra
tion became committed to It3 present policy
which has now been affirmed In the Republican
platform and from which no party la Congress
or out cannot widely depart.
Under the head of "The Die Cast" h«
says:
The Democrats In Kansas City adopted a plat
form at variance with this policy, but as po
litical platforms are proverbially Interpreted to
suit emergencies there might still have been
room for "expansionists" within the Demo-i
cratlc ranks but for ths attitude taken by MrJ
Bryan, which admits of no evasion or equivo
cation.
It i3 on the question of expansion Mr.
Taylor disagrees with his party. Ha
speaks of the material blessing brought
by the acquisition of the Philippines and
says :
In short. It transferred California from ths
rira to the center of American activities. So
vital and so vivid were these charges that a
few Californians have not yet been able to per
ceive'the transition.
Imperialism In all Its subtle forms ought to
be exposed and resisted, bat It Is a rnoclc
article which is being politically exhibited at
the present time.
No sane citizen can believe that William Me-
Kinley or Roosevelt are less deeply attached
to the principles of liberty than. Mr. Bryan
and Mr. Stevenson. On the contrary, there
com?9 the ever- recurring conviction that noth
ing 1 could be more subversive of true Amerlcan
lr.m than the course Mr. .Bryan announces that
he will pursue. I
Bryanism vs. Americanism.
The editorial concludes as follows:
We? are no longer playing the game of
politics in our own back yard. We ara
acting the star part on the world's stago
cast for It by Providence, destiny, fortune
or whatever name we may spply to tho
mysterious fate which Iead3 men and na
tions in ways they knew not of.
By a chain of circumstances extending
back a little more than two years wa
have been gradually drawn to the focus
of mundane affairs, where America stands
to-day as the most conspicuous, the most
powerful moral and material force In the
whole world, destined to be the arbiter
of nations, the superior power on this
planet.
Now In this crisis Bryanism says "draw
back": Americanism says "go forward.
Let whoever will or may be President; let
parties rise or fall."
of Mexico and floated In victory from the
dome of their Capitol?
Was Andrew Jackson an "Imperialist"
at New Orleans, or later when he enforce!
American rights in Florida, or when he
said, "The Union — it must and shall b»
preserved." and crushed incipient nu'liflca
toin in South Carolina?
Some Pertinent Questions.
Let the Democratic false alarmists
stand by the grave of Jackson and prato
of "imperialism" if they dare. Why. if
that rugged patriot would rise from his
sleep he would blast those lillputiana with
one glance— hi3 indignation would silence
them forever.
Was Abraham Lincoln an "imperialist"
when he struck secession down and lifted
man up— when he saved the Union for
you. for me. for all who are heavy-bur
dened and thirst for liberty under law?
Was General Grant an "imperialist"
when, laying aside his unconquerable
sword, he said, "Let us have peace"?
Was William McKlntey an "Imperialist"
when, after diplomacy had failed, he ap
proved the declaration of war against
Spain— a war as righteous as it was glr>
rtous? Is he an "imperialist" now. when
in the discharge of his high constitutional
duties and in obedience to an oath regis
tered jn heaven he is enforcing the su
preme laws of the land?
What is this thing they call "imperial
ism"? Is growth "imperialism"? If so,
what enthusiastic and aggressive "impe
rialists" we have been from Jamestown
and Plymouth to this very hour.
Is expanding territory "imperialism"? If
so. how have we offended?
Was the Louisiana purchase due to Jef
ferson's "Imperialism"? If so, then let ua
restore it to France.
Was Florida acquired by reason of Mon
roe's devotion to "imperialism"? If so,
give it back to Spain.
Was Texas the offspring of this monster
"imperialism"? If so. cede It to Mexico or
set It adrift as an Independent nation.
Was Alaska purchased in order to deck
the "crown" of "imperialism"? If so. re-»
convey It to Russia.
Is California, crowned with her
fifty years and celebrating her golden
jubilee, a misshapen child of "im
perialism"? "Were the pioneers a gang
of marauders? Are the native sons,
of sterling manhood, the native
daughters, of queenly beauty, the de
scendants of "imperialistic" free
booters P If so, stop the celebration,
pull down the stars and stripes from
the dome of our Capitol and tell Gov
ernor Gage to give way to an heir of
Montezoma.
Democratic Party One of Dissension.
The Democratic party is not only a
party of dissent and opposition; it ia tha
incarnation of dissatisfaction. It maps
out no large national policy, it constructs
nothing of permanent valuer it know*
nothing of practical statesmanship and
seems to care less about sustaining what
has been achieved by the valor and ability
of American patriots. Its most aistin
guishing characteristic, however, is it=»
dissatisfaction with anything and every
thing accomplished by the Republican
party, however much those things may
contribute to the stability of the Oovern
ment and the prosperity of the people.
You remember haw Democratic urator3
in furtherance of that party's free trade
policy clamored for foreign markets. We
have given the products of our factories
and farms enlarged foreign markets so
that our shipments abroad are now
greater than ever before in the history of
the republic and are Increasing with al
most miraculous strides; but still. tney aio
not satisfied.
You remember how they declaimed
about the balance of trade being against .
us as a nation. It was against us. hut
under this wi.->e and business-like udmlr.
istration we h;ive turned the tide ann nevr
it is vastly in our favor, constantly ia
creasing and In the year 10fX) will mount
to the stupendous sum of $-jOu,000,0'A>. But
still they are not rattened.
You remember how they lamented and
sher! crocodile tears over the scarcity of
a circulating currency— the alleged small
amount of money per capita In the Cnltert
States — claiming that . the*s»nrnou;it of
money per capita was an unfailing index
to national prosperity. We have increased
that per capita from $22 07. when McKlr
ley was inaugurated on March 4. 1S37. i«»
$23 71 on June 1, 1200; it is now larger than
ever before in the republic, and notwith
standing the constant increase In popu
lation the per capita is steadily growing
larger, for reasons which are obvious t.»
thoughtful men— the influx of gold from
abroad and the marvelous output of our
mines: but still they are not satisfied.
America's Splendid Foreign Policy.
Vou remember how they demanded a
vigorous foreign policy. We have en
forced a foreign policy, aggressive, pru
dent and firm, which has made the Amer
ican name respected in every land and
the American flag honored on every wave;
but still they are not satisfied.
You remember how they protested their
love for the laboreV-bcggared by thel
wild and suicidal policies; In raga as ;\
result of their legislative follv and a<Tt
mlnlstrative incompetency. We have gtv- A
remunerative employment to every ind >%¦
trious man who is willing to to'il. The
farmer is prosperous; the merchant is so;.
vent; the mechanic sings at his «abcr;
happy, wives and happy children greet
happy American workingmen as they re
turn to their happy homes at night. But
posed to all trusts which destroy legiti
mate competition and oppress Individual
enterprise. It denounces such trusts as
hurtful and declares them to be criminal.
It would abolish them and prevent them
from re-forming, one and all— even the gi
gantic and barbarous ice trust, from
whose robbery of the thirsty poor the
Democratic scholar, reformer, leader, pur
ist and all-around $20,000 Bryan backer,
"Dick" Croker, grows fat and Insolent.
The Democratic rhetorician, who charm
ed a convention by a borrowed phrase.is
strangely silent in the presence of this
cake of ice. It seems to have cooled his
ardor.
Without pausing to consider the cause
of trusts or to suggest a practical way to
abate them, he shouts that the "tariff
has been a bulwark of the trusts." Will
he have the goodness to tell us what the
tariff duty is on ice? And if he can de
scend from his lofty flight and rest his
Imagination long enough to answer an
other question, will he inform us what
the duty is on the products of the Stan
dard Oil trust?
But now they tell us that "militarism -
"imperialism" is the issue, the pararnount
issue. How they love that word! A
change has come over the spirit of their
dream. They now deem It politic to con
ceal their purpose of disarranging and
debasing our currency, of packing the
Supreme Court of the United States, of
sustaining tho solid Democratic South in
its attempted nullification of the four
teenth and fifteenth amendments, and
they turn to do battle with a creature of
their heated and distempered imagina
tion. "Militarlsm"-"lmperialism!" There
is no such issue. Injected into political
discussion It i? a fictitious issue, a false
issue. To borrow their beloved word. It is
a paramount. humbug!
Smells of the Grave.
The American people have heard this
cry before. It has not even the merit of
originality. It smells of the grave wherein
lie buried and almost forgotten the Issues
of the past. They were nauseated by it
when Jackson was President. They lis
tened to and scorned it when Lincoln in.
1864 was making the supremo effort to
crush rebellion. Farther back even the
father of his country was charged with
"imperialistic" tendencies and aiming at
monarchy. .-
If the Democratic deelalmers in Cali
fornia and elsewhere have acquired the
habit of reading history and chance to
have the speeches of Thomas II. Benton
in their single tax and free trade libraries
I commend them to a perusal of his mas
terlv defense of Andrew Jackson, deliv
ered in the United States Senate in 1537.
To be sure, modern Democracy has turned
its back on the teachings of Jackson, but
it may be timely to recall that in his day
and generation he stood for national
unity, national supremacy and the pro
tection of American citizens wheresoever
they might be on a lawful errand.
But Jackson wjls denounced as a
"tyrant despot, usurper, destroyer of the
liberties of his country." seeking to over
throw the republic and to erect tin em
pire on its ruins. For leaping to the de
fense of American citizens abroad he was
charged with treasonably undermining
the constitution. The air was full of in
temperate attacks ton his patriotism.
Speaking of his watchfulness and ag
gressive Americanism Benton says — and I
quote him for the benefit of all who are
just now hampering the administration
and discouraging American soldiers:
But one slnjde Instance of outrage has oc
curred, and that at the extremities of the
world, and by a piratical horde, amenable to
no law but the law of force. The Malays of
Sumatra committed a robbery and massacre
upon an Amercan vessel. Wretches! they did
not then know that Andrew Jackson was Presi
dent of the United States, and that no distance.
no time, no idle ceremonial of treating with
lobters and assassins, was to hold back the
arm of Justice. Commodore Downes went out.
His cannon and his bayonets struck the out
laws In their den. They raid In terror and in
blood for the outrage which was committed,
and the creat lesson was taught to these dis
tant piratts— to our antipodes themselves— that
not even the entire diameter of the Rlobe eouM
protect them, and that the name of American
citizen, like that of Roman citizen in the great
days of the republic and of the empire, wps
to be the Inviolable passport of all that' wore
it throughout the whole" extent of the habitable
riobe.
The People Uphold McXinley.
The people understood Jackson even as
tr-ev understand MoKfnley, and as they
upheld the htro of New Orleans, even so
will they uphold the Chr'stian hero who
is putting forth the strength of the re
public to rescue American citizens from
Asiatic butchery ana to strike terrcr into
tho hearts of all who would touch with
hortile hands the American fli>£.
Is the enforcement of lawful au
thority, the putting down of rebel
lious insurrection, "militarism"? Is
the employment of American bayo
nets to rescue American men, women
and children from indignity, death
and mutilation — is that "militar
ism"?
Is the establishing of peace, order, se
curity to life and property in territory
rightfully acquired hy the United States
is that "militarism"? Was General Law
ton a brigand? Is General Mac Arthur a
despot? Is General Chaffee an enemy of
liberty? Was Admiral Dewey a bucca
neer sailing under the "black flag, or an
American hero, who smote tyranny in his
stronghold and In an hour added addition
al and imperishable luster to the Stars and
Stripes?
Is it "imperialism" to uphold authority
and enforce law and order In Porto Rlro,
In Alaska, in Hawaii, in the Philppines?
Was James K. Polk an "Imperialist"
•when as President and commander in
chief our flag was carried Into the heart
tContlnued on Fourth Pa*aJ.
SONG AND ORATORY AND BUSINESS AT SANTA CRUZ
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 6, 1900.
CAI^L, HEADQUARTERS. SANTA
CRUZ. Sept.fi.— As soon as delegates to
the Fourth Congressional District had is.
semblod and were called to <arder Dr. Ed
J. Smith placed Joseph Spear. Jr. !n
nomination for tempoiary chairman nf
the convention. Augustus Tilden placed
P. H. Prendergast in nomination for tem
porary secretary. On motion of T.I. l«*.
Flinn the temporary officers were made
permanent. As soon as fhe roll had been
called nominations for Congress were in
order.
Andrrvr Branch placed Congressman
Julius Kahu's name before the conven
tion and it was greeted with enthusiasm.
Augustus Tilden seconded the nomina
tion in a glowing speech. There being no
further nominations, Mr. Kalin ' was
chosen by acclamation and the secretary
was directed to cast the ballot of the
convention for the incumbent.
Tho following resolution was adopted:
Iterolved. That the Republican Fourth Con
jrrei.Klpnal restrict Committee of the Republican
party of the United Sutps and of the Fourth
Congressional District of the State of Call-
JULIUS KAHN IS
AGAIN NOMINATED
BY ACCLAMATION
Presidential Elector for that district, as
predicted in The Call yesterday morning.
Immediately after the meeting was
called to order. Senator Luchslnger of So
lano County was chosrn chairman, and In
a neat speech thanked the assembled del
cg-ates for the honor they had bestowed
on him. Dr. Wyatt -of Yolo was elected
secretary, and after a rollcall, which
showed a large attendance, nominations
for Presidential Elector were in order.
Senator Kdward Taylor of Alameda
nominated Mr. Davis, and In placing his
name before the convention paid tributes
to his worth as a citizen. No opposition
was made to Mr. Davis' candidacy and
h» was nominated hy acclamation.
Mr. Davis* was called upon for a speech,
and responded v.-ith some characteristic
expressions. : He thanked the delegates ;
for tiieir expression of confidence jii him !
and dwelt at some length on the bright
prospects of the baity nt the coming elec
tion. Victor H. Metcalf of Oakland hav
ing already been nominated" for Congress
from the Third District, the work of the
convention was curtniled and an adjourn-,
ment was taken to the call of the chair.
Continued From First Page.
DISTRICT
CONVENTIONS .
HARMONIOUS
address:
THE Republican party of California
pauses to-day for consultation; to
morrow, united and harmonious, it
advances to meet its ancient foe.
We walk under the banner of Abra
ham Lincoln. We subscribe to the
doctrines and seek to perpetuate the
principles for which he wrought. Wo
hold fast to the faith that inspired
him, under the blessing of God, to
keep the flag of Washington triumph
ant in the sky. We here and now, in
the presence of all men, rededicate
ourselves to that faith and -declare
that wheresoever that flag is raised
by the valor and blood of our sons,
and floats over . American territory,
there shall it remain.
We haven't exactly "nailed it to the
mast"; it is held aloft by the hand of an
American Volunteer soldier, and I would
Mr. Samuel M. Shortridge made ths
.following eloquent and brilliant
MR. SHORTRIDQS'S
SPEECH SOUNDS THE
"CAMPAIGN" KEYNOTE
CA L L . HEADQUARTERS.
SANTA CRUZ, Sept. 15.—
There was a flow of eloquent
and patriotic oratory to-day
In the Republican conven
tion, and the addresses of the
three speakers— Samuel M.
Shortridge. and Judge Van
Fleet of San Francisco and the Hon.
Charles E. Poarce of St. Louis, won the
warm applause of the great audience.
Mr. Shortrldpe was elorjuent, logical and
convincing. He hold his audience abso
lutely by a brilliant discussion of national
issues. Time and again the hall rang with
tumultuous applause." Time and again the
sentiments of the speaker, were cheered
and when he had finished he received the
well-won tribute of three cheers for him
self.
At the conclusion of the address of Mr.
Shortridge, Congressman Charles E.
Pearce of St. Louis was introduced and
received with enthusiasm. He was called
upon to speak and responded, addressing
the convention convincingly on the issues
of the campaign. . ;.
Judge Van Fleet's address, on taking
tho gavel, was also eloquent and patriotic,
and he too received the plaudits of his
hearers. The speeches are given below.
—•
The only national anti-trust law on the
statute books was drafted' by a Repub-
Mean statesman. Senator Sherman, passed
by a Republican Congress, signed by a
Republican President and has been en
forced and is being executed by a Re
publican administration. Acts, not words;
statutes, not immature vaporings, are the
tests of capacity and sincerity/ The Re
publican party has ever been and is op-
In the midst of all this nationai pros
nerity and glory, what 13 their grievance?
A few months ago these needy office seek
ers gave out that trusts were the issue,
the sreat issue, the paramount issue.
Paramount issue! Have you noticed their
partiality, their affection for that word?
If there is one word in the English lan
guage that the Democracy delights in It
is paramount: they simply dote on It.
The people will not soon forget that there
was once a Democratic paramount Com
missioner—"Paramount" Blount, who
went to Honolulu and did what no Re
publican 1 ever did or will ever do — pulled
down the American flag. It will never be
pulled down again.
Republicans the Curbers of Trusts.
Following the example of their
voluble leader, the Democratic mana
gers have inaugurated a campaign of
deception and slander— deception of
the people and slander of Republican
men and Republican measures.
To say that the Republican party puts
the dollar above the man is knowingly to
utter _a great and monstrous untruth, for
the first anil last purpose of all Repub
lican !eglslatton has been and is to dig
nify and exalt humnn labor. Garbling
the words, distorting the meaning and
misrepresenting the purpose of Abraham
I-incoln will not ncrsuade the American
people of the fitness or capacity of Mr.
Bryan; it will, rather, convince them of
his insincerity and utter unworth. The
Presidency has never been reached by
jueKHn? with facts, by misquoting the
language of the dead or by impugning the
pattiotlsm of the living.
2
To Cure a Cold in One Day
-Taks Laxative Bromo Quinine Tablets. All
druPKlsts refund the money if it falls to cure.
E. w. Grove's signature Is on each box. 23c.Special Dispatch to The Cell.
CALX. HEAXM3UARTERS. SAN
JOSE. Sept. 5. — Xo clouds ap
peared on Democracy's horizon
until late this afternoon, when
the Los Angeles "push" dele
gation resolved to make a vigo
rous effort to smash the State
Central Committee's Elate for the chair
manship.
It is Quite well known that the Demo
cratic leaders, who assembled at the Cali
fornia Hotel In Saa Francisco to partake
of the inspiration which comes In a con
ctant stream from the temple of Gavin
McN'ab in the Mills building, decided
eome time ago that R. M. Fitzgerald
should be chairman of the convention.
There were several reasons for the selec
tion, the chief one bring that the Demo
cratic party all along its declining way
from Jefferson to Bryan has honored the
good Fitzgcralds. When this arrange
ment was made the Los Angeles delegates
¦were not consulted. It was made before
the southern delegates were chosen and
before the Southern Pacific had issued
passes to them.
In San Francisco this moraine Gavin
5i c \ab was stood up by the leader of the
southern contingent and asked to sur
render the appointments of committees to
the south, lie declined to deliver the
goods demanded and the talk of pro
gramme resistance then began.
Allender in the Fight for Chairman.
F W. Allender. chairman of the Los
Angeles delegation, frankly announced to
nisrht that he Is a candidate for tempo
rary chairman of the convention. He
claims the solid surport of fifty-five men
in his own delegation and reports that
he- has ass--urar.ee of the united assistance
of all the delegations south of Tehachapl
Later in the evening he was cheered by
the intelligence that delegations repre
senting Fresno. Kern. Kings and Stanis
laus wfT» r«ady to Join the south in an
ri'-^t to broak the slate.
< uhor southern delegates are not so pos- ;
Itive of their ability to upset the McNab j
programme . Th*'y threaten, however, to j
make determined r<?is=tnnee If' they are
not accorded full recognition in the make
up nf the rommlltpp?. The <-nlm and
«-hr<nvd politicians predict that there will
not be a bitter fight because th»*re is noth
bur to fight about.
When Gavin McN'ab. who arrived thl3 i
evening, was n=kr-d about th«» trouble, he j
refused to credit the ptat^m^nt that th» !
'VT'T'Osltion to R. M. I itzgerald was form- !
JB- >Ie. It Ir probable that Mr. McNab ;
f? ¦¦• ik5 with something like definite know!- ;
edc<». i
Again it Is highly probable that the Los
Angeles delegates are not apprised of Me- I
SC&b'a enterprise in the line of corralling I
proxies and keeping a big bunch In silent j
r<-fi>rv« for use In the event of urgent I
necessity. He always keeps a few open
proxies which may be used as "first aid
to the Injured." but there are others.
Even the chairman of the State Central
Committee, when asked to make an esti
mate of the number of proxies controlled
by McXab. declined to guess.
A Democratic State Convention 13 not a
new object lesson in San Jose, hence the
citizens do not turn out with banners and
hands to welcome the Incoming delegate.-.
A corral greeting, however is extended
to the Democratic visitors. The conven
tion which nominated General Stoneman
for Governor assembled in this city. Sub
sequently the State convention which
ff-lected E. B. Pond ap a candidate for
Governor met in San Jose. Stephen M.
White attended both conventions.
The delegates to the present convention
will nssemble In tho Victory Theater at
11 a. m. to-morrow. The Mayor of San
Jose, on account of ill health, will nut
attempt to make an address of welcome-.
The pirasant duty of extending the com
pliments and hospitalities of the occaslo:;
will be performed by V. A. Schiller at
pome opportune time to-morrow. Wel
come will be Riven by a quartet of male
voices.
There Will Be Flow of Oratory.
The speech of Senator J. C. Sims. chaJr
man of the State Central Committee. In
calling the convention to order will not
be long. It is assumed that D.-M. Delmas
will sppak at length and give the audienc-.
a pample of his hlghfiown style of oratory.
Stephen M. White is counted on- for an
elonuent contribution. rr»
The Ftory wired from Los Angeles to
the effect that Mr. White was ardentlv
supporting W. A. Spauldlng for the nom
ination for Congress in the Sixth District
Is vigorously dented by delegates from the
s=outh. There '- strong opposition to
Spauldlng In the I/O* Angeles delegation.
It is charged that he is an out and out
Sociallfl^with leanings toward anarchy.
A survey of the field to-ni^ht convinces
cne that the Democrats have not closely
programmed in the matter of nominations
for Congress. There are open contests In
the Third. Sixth and Seventh districts,
with 'ndications of a big battle in the
Fourth.
It was settled to-night to make Stephen
M. White chairman of thp committee on
resolutions. Of course the committee will
not roport a resolution indorsing Mm as
the Democratic candidate to succeed
George C. Perkins In the United States
Senate. The ronvntion, however, speak
ing for the general body, may adopt a res
olution commending him for the excellent
fcervices rendered to the country in gen
eral nnd to California In particular while
he served in the Srnate.
Phelan Does Not Figure.
The Idea of Mayer Phelan of San Fran- j
Cisco rcr.'ntlng on Indorsement of White Is I
regarded here as preposterous. Phelan I
cuts no figure whatever In the calculation
of politicians assembled here. A leading
Democrat asked to-night: "Do you hoar
Fhelan spoken of in any connection? Is
th^re p delegate h"re that cares a copper
what he Pays or thinks?"
If ex-Senator White desired a straight
out indorsement as the Democratic can
didate for ihe United States Henate he
could have- it. But his closest friends as
sert that he is not an aspirant, that he
has hao all the Senatorial prestige he de-
The honor of placing R. M. Fitzgerald
in nomination for temporary chairman of
the convention v.ill be given to A. B.
Ware of Sonoma County. F. W. Allender
will probably be named as chairman of
the committee on order of business The
recognition is given to the south in order
to preserve the harmonies of the occa
sion. The southerners, after reflection
have concluded that it would be follv to
follow up the fight against the McNab
programme.
£?ifc T as T J urth «' r settled to-n'sht that
Nicholas P.owden of Santa Clara should
bo chairman of the committee on creden
tials. Two contests aro pending one In
'Vk! Thirty-first and tho other' in the
JThirty-seventh District of San Francisco
The leading: contestants of the Thlrtv
seventh District are Wesley Reed and
Francis J. Hennoy. It Is known that they
will put up a strenuous battle for recog
nition before Nicholas Bowden's commit
tee of credentials. The committee will
consist of fifteen members. '
It was also decided to-night that tho
platform committee, of wmch S. M. White
Is to be chairman, shall consist of thtrtv
flvo members. The big guns of the party
will be^ assigned, to duty under the leader
ship of White on this important commit
tee. The committee on business will con
sist of twenty-five members. .
Among the assembled Democratic
statesmen are: *"'
Gavin McNab, M. F. Tarpey, Frank GmiM
Joseph Sproul. A. CamlnnttI Janp^McDonn '
J. C. Sims.. J. H. Peawcll. Franklin K. W #
R. Porter Ash-. Francis J. Hrnev. M C Hal
sett. C. O. Dunbar. J. «. PanforJ^ F W Al en
der. T. O. Toland. W. «:. Oraves, nvro'n Wat
ers. Dr. T. B; W. Inland, H. P. Troy J h
Holcomb, J. J. Maddox. James H. Wllk'.rn' n'
P. Tabor. OurtU Hilly*>r. J. R. Hush" K
Oo*™. TV. D. Orlohton, L.. J. Maddox C. H*
Castle, J. Harvey McCarthy, W. E. DunVan II"
c. Crowder, T. C. Coopan. Nicholas Bowilen"
Ed MeCabe.-Thnmas E. Curran, Samuel Hraun
hart. E. F. Hutchlnson, A. B. Ware and W R
I'rathcr.
SENATORIAL FIGHTS
LOST SIGHT OF IN
OTHER CONTESTS
CALL. HEADQUARTERS. SAN JOSE
Sept. 5.— In the general talk of platforms
and Congressional nominations the State
Senatorial scrambles seem to have bren
for the time lost sight of. Senator Chap
man is here from El Dorado and Placer
counties, but he is not making any active
advances to the delegates, although it Is
current In the lobby crowds that Ben. P.
Tabor of Auburn Is after his Job. Tho
other Senatorial booms eeem still in the
bud.
Allender of Los Angeles Announces That Me Wa3fl Make a Fight for the
Chairmanship, but Is Placated and Draws Off.
The translation of the letter found In
the bottle, if it Is decipherable, ought to
contain some definite account from the ex
plorers of their experience, possibly up to
and after passing the polar point.
Those who witnessed the departure of
the balloon from Danes Island estimated
Its speed, traveling straight to the north,
to be from thirty to thirty-five kilometers
an hour, at which rate it would have
reached the pole In less than two days.
It Is, however, generally considered thut
It was deflected from its course.
After these means of conveying mes
sages had been exhausted Andree would
naturally have recourse to the familiar
method of incloaure In bottles. A mes
sage numbered 143, If the proper sequence
had been kept, would mean that the voy
agers had traveled a considerable dis
tance on their journey.
The explorer also took with him thirty
two carrier pigeons. Some were expected
to return to Danes Island, where they
had stayed for more than a month, but
it was feared they would never return
to Sweden, as from Spltzbergen alone they
would have to travel a distance of ne'ariy
2500 kilometers in order to find he!r uove
cote. From the pole to Sweden would be
2500 meters. Such a distance, so far as is
known, has never been traversed by car
rier pigeons;
Andree, when he started on his balloon
voyage on July 11, 1597, took with him
twelve dispatch buoys, each consisting of
a sphere of cork twenty centimeters In
diameter, coated with * a thick coat o?
paint, partly blue and partly yellow, and
protected by a network of copper wire.
At the upper portion was a copper stop
per inscribed with the words, "Andree'3
Polar Expedition. ISOtJ," and a numbet.
This stopper closed a cavity cut in the
cork to receive a tube, in which it was
intended to Inclose documents or mes
sages from the explorers. The buoys were
to be thrown out at different points of
the voyage of the balloon. A thirteenth
buoy, larger than the others, was to be
left at the point of the route that should
be nearest to the geographical pole that
could be reached by the balloon.
"VARDOE, Wednesday.— A bottle from
Andree, containing a note numbered 143,
has been found four miles east of Var
doe."
NEW YORK. Sept. 5.— The harbor
master of Vardoc, the most northerly of
Norwegian ports, has sent to the Herald
the following message: ?.' N'.v
Sreclal Dipj-atch to The Call.
The Harbor Master of the Most
Northerly Port in Norway-
Sends the Infor
mation.
Numbered 143, Indicating
He Had Traveled a
Good Distance.
MESSAGE FROM
ANDREE PICKED
UP NEAR VARDOE
Jesse A. Galland, Esq., 826 Ceary street. San
Francisco, Cal. — Dear Sir:' Tour note of the
20th lncloBlnsr resolutions of the Bryan and
Stevenson Democratic Campaign Club, Thirty
ninth Assembly District. San Francisco, duly
received. Very muen obliged therefor. I ap
preciate the compliment involved in the reso
lutions. Sincerely yours.
STEPHEN M. "WHITE.
The Bryan and Stevenson Campaign
Club of tho Thirty-ninth Assembly Dis
trict of this city, of which J. F. Ford is
president and Jesse A. Galland 13 secre
tary, recently adopted resolutions compli
mentary to ex-Senator Stephen M. White
and sent them to Mr. 'White at Los Ange
les. A reply has been, received of which
the following Is. a copy:
Ex-Senator White Replies.
The officers of the Democratic State
Central Committee transferred their
headquarters to the St. James Hotel, San
Jose, yesterday. Assistant Secretary
McCabe went down in the morning and
Senator Sims, chairman, and Secretary
Thomas E. Curran followed on an after
noon train. - ",-- v-
Delegates from the interior have been
straggling into San Francisco for two
days and a large number of them went to
San Jose in the afternoon. The real
heglra of the faithful will take place this
morning. The Iroquols Club will .eave in
force at 9 o'clock from Third and Town
send streets and some hundreds of dele
gates will take the same train
Real Hegira of the Faithful Will
Take Place This Morning,
With the Iroquois Club
Leading.
DEI>EGATES ARRIVE AND
HTJBRY ON TO SAN JOSE
The Sixth Is in the throes of one of the
hardest fights of the State. There are
five candidates, all out and working, but
so far Graves and Rush claim to hold the
situation between them. Th<* canrli.intes
are C. A. Stork. Mayor of Santa Barbara;
William Graves of San Luis Obispo. Jud
son Rush of Los Angeles, R. J. Adcock
of Los Angeles and W. A. Spalding of
Los Angeles. It was whispered around
the hotel this evening that Stephen
White had wired that Spalding was his
man and that he was coming to San Jose
to make the Spalding fight, but the candi
dates all denied the report and declared
that White was Roing to keep his hands
off. It has been urged against Spalding
th.it he has attended no less than three
socialistic lectures, and the southern dele
gates seem Inclined to shy at soch'lsm.
They have tried gold and riiver and Popu
lism snd a half dozen other things, but
they seem to scare -il socialism.
In v the Seventh District the fisht seems
to He between W. D. CricMon of F~esno
and William Holcomb of San Dlotjo. P.
J. Maddox of Stanislaus and C II - Castle
of Merced are also In the fight, but they
seem not to be active. The Holcomb men
arc armed wiih figures from the last elec
tion by which they are willing to prove
that the selection of the south lies In Hol
comb, but the figures are not worrying
the others, and they aie working- right
a'.onsr.
At" a late hour to-night J. H. Henry, of
this city, yielding to the earnest solicita
tion of his friends, consented to enter the
race for Congress in the Fifth District.
His nomination is predicted.
who Is bent pn once more reaching his
old place in Washington. The city dele
gations are about evenly divided, and
with Clunio and Gcsford r<t San Francisco
against Squires and Kol'inger of San
Jose, the tight will t>« a close one. un
less the whole delegation comes together
on one of the four. Clunie has said,
however, that he is not a candidate, and
his withdrawal for good may simplify
matters.
CALL HEADQL'AHTERS.
SAN JOSH, Sept. 5.— Th? se
lection of the Democratic
candidates for the electoral
collepe from this State is* ho
far somewhat of a problem.
In the First District there is
no candidate to-night promi
nent enough to mention. In the others
thsre are one or more mentioned, but the
interest in them is subordinate to that in
the Congressional contests and it is prob
able that any one who is really willing
to make a , good run for the place can
have it in any of the districts.
In .the Second Will R. Jacobs of Stock
ton is a likely man. and reported to be
running against him is Caminett!. who
has said he wants no office this year. It
docs not look like an interesting race.
The hottest fight, if fight there be In
py,y of the districts, seems to be in the
t-iuh, where tbe»/r|ends of John B. Ry
lard cf San Jose arc trying to get him
into the fifcht against J. H. Henry of San
ta Clara, and !he li^ht j s really between
the friends of Ryland and the friends of
Henry. A third man in the running is
James N. Block. ex-Tax Collector of San
Frfinoisco. h'-t Ms race is of the pathetic
c.rcer — a den't-care not-sorry-to-be-beaten
kind cf a contest that may or may not
win out.
As for elector at large there are but two
mentioned — J. H. Spawell of Uklah. from
the north, and W'lllard Stimson of L01
Angeles, from the south, to fill the two
places.
In the Sixth there is Nathan Cole of
Los Angeles, with T. A. Rice of Ventura
to dispute hi? title, and in the Seventh
there are F. G. Havens r.t Riverside and
J. J. Hanford of San Bernardino, who 13
making very small effort to divide honors.
In the Fourth the only ones mentioned
are William T. Baggett. the lawyer, and
Charles Kdelman. who was for a tlmrs
mentioned as a Congressional candidate.
In the Third District Dr. TV*. L. Prather
of Lake County is being put forward arvl
so far he 13 the only candidate of weight.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SOUTH REVOLTS AGAINST THE PROGRAMME
OF GAVIN McNAB AND THREATENS REPRISALS
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SAN JOSE. Sept. o.— The Democratic State Convention, to nssemble in thin city tc-mor
row, may no: be dominated by the Southern Pacific Company, but the hand of the meddling corporation is already
visible. Delegates from San Diego and Lo.= Angelas, who were elected to represent the people, traveled hither on
passes issued by the railroad company. The excuse given for the acceptance of free transportation is that the dis
tance Is great and the fare high. • '
The convention in the main will be composed of men of character an.l independence. No enthusiasm is manl
fe«=t»d to-night, but a demonstration is expected on the arrival to-morrow forenoon of the San Francisco delega
tion. The chW obstacle confronting the delegates who are on th<> ground t.T-night Is to fii.d acceptable candidates who will
\ake the chance of battle against the almost assured winners on the Republican side.
The platform will have some Interesting if not new features^ and all the old principles, dear to the hearts of Democrats.
»s weli. A point will be made on the forestry law und the conservation of water, and both will be indorsed fully.
The constitutional amendment making it possible to enforce a voting test, and therefore passing over the objections
raised by the Supreme Court to a primary law, will be Indorsed. Not so with the amendment providing for an appellate
court, however. The convention will indorse it. and it will probably be passed over in silence. There Is a reason for this
found in the fact that the amendment as passed by the lr.st Legislature does not provide for the election of the Judges of
This r.ew court. Instead, it was the Intention to have them appointed, and the appointment under present conditions would
be rr.ade by the Burns-Herrin coicbir.ation. This, according to a prominent Democrat, the convention will not stand for and
eo the amendment will be passed over.
There will be a plank on imperialism of the good old Bryan kind, roasting all that savors of expansion and denouncing
fill who favor It.
The platform will also respond to the demand of the University of California for additional revenue to be provided by
the Stare to mept the Increasing requirements for higher education.
There will be a plank favorinc the restriction of Japanese and other \siatic l*bor
There will also be a plank pledging all locators elected after nominated bv this convention to support a fair and log
f^J e t rp ortIonlnent of tbe State. It Is desired that the State v.hen rcappr.rtione.l by the next Legislature shall be districted
r^rl^ J^' "v, v T f seoKraphical and county formations, and the platform will pledge candidiates to secure such an ap
port.c~n«:t as whl but maintain the identity of the counties and the linking together of contiguous territory.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Democratic Candidates for Electors
Are Extremely Shy.
Southern Pacific Is Strenuously Endeav
oring to Dominate the Convention.
THESE ARE THE MEN WHO HAD CHARGE OF THE PREPARATIONS FOR THE CONVENTION AT THE
GARDEN CITY. MR. HICKS IS THE CHAIRMAN. MR. SPITZER THE TREASURER AND MR. BURNETT THE
SECRETARY.
I HE DEMOCRATIC COMMITTEE OF ARRANGEMENTS.
(AS SEEN BY THE CALL'S CARTOONIST.)
THE TIGER'S DESCENT ON THh G \RDcN CITY.
The withdrawal of Judge Coffey from
the Congressional fight in the Fourth has
Fpurred the candidates on, for Coffey was
looked upon as a dangerous man in the
running and all are glad he Is out of. the
way. It was generally supposed that he
would not run, but until his withdrawal
was announced positively he was an im
portant element in, the condition of things
In the Fifth District five men have beon
mentioned, three of them being from San
Jose. San Jose's men are "\V. 1*.
Squires, V. A. 'Schiller and George T
Bollinger, but Schiller has dropped out.
leaving the Santa Clara County delega
tion to fight over Squires and Bollinger.
Both are men of good standing and both
are running strongly. Bollinger has be
hind him the delegates of San Mateo and
of Santa Clara City. He Is an ex-Shenff
of the county and is a. man of means.
San Francisco contributes Henry C. Ges
ford. formerly of Napa, and Tom Clunie,
In the Second there were Jo D. Sproul
of Chico, Thomas S. Ford of Nevada.
I'Vank B. Klchols of San Joanuln and A.
Caminetti of Amador. but lirst Nichols
withdrew and then Camtnetti withdrew,
and it looks as if Ford would follow suit
before morning and leave Sproul a clear
field. Nichols' withdrawal was announced
by the San Joaquin delegation this even
ing, and Caminetti himself told one of
the district delegates that he was not out
for anything this year.
The race in the Third Is in the air. Bur
dette Connell of Oakland and Judge Swin
ford of Colusa are so far the only two
candidates, and it is probable the delega
tion will caucus before the convention to
morrow and agree on one or the other.
There is little interest shown In the con
test, however.
In the Fourth District the fight is hot.
There is R. Porter Ashe. R. P. Troy and
Dr. C. C. O'Donnell. Ashe has opened
headquarters in the St. Jimes Hotel and
he and his friends are working hard, al
though Aehe Eays he does not care any
way. It is so with Troy, but O'Donnell
frankly says he wants the nomination,
nnrt for fear of being misunderstood i n (j le
matter he has had pampniets printe] bear,
ing his picture and his ambition, and
those he is distributing around the lobby
of the St. Jarm-s.
Emmet Seawell of Sonoma can have it
if he wants the nomination, but Seawell
Is not so sure he wants it. Frank Taft
of Crescent City, Del JN'orte County, is
also mentioned as a possible if not the
probable candidate, but he, too, is luke
warm. At one time this evening James
H. "Wilkins of San Rafael, the Prison
Commissioner, was spoken of, but Wil
kins says "no." He will have none of it.
No one wishes to run against the Repub
lican candidate in the face of the result3
of the last election, and so the fight In
the First is not an interesting' one.- Judge
Wilson of FTumboldt is also in the race.
There is not much Democratic hope in
the First Congressional District. It has
been solidly Republican all along, and at
the last election the Republican majority
was 1500, so thet^ is no Democrat who
cares to carry a banner, even a' Demo
cratic one, down to defeat.
¦¦!¦,¦ AN JOSE. Sept 5.-Th<? Con-
tr ercFsional fights are devel-
oping rapidly and candidates
are numerous and active, but
i jg somewhat reticent and un
*L a willing to openly claim vlc
fc^,, ,~~ tory or admit defeat. In
fact, most of them say it is
to soon to make a guess as
to who will be the man.
f-dal Dif.-ctch to T1-- Call.
SAN JOSH. Ser»t. 5.— T'.-.c oM'sc
and wisest politi; ians hardly dare
venture a forecast of the nomi
nations. In respect to tlie selec
tion of candidates there la no
programme. This leaders, Gavin
»fS?fab'3 Frrsrk Gould. J. C. Sims.
M. F. Tarpey anil R. M. Fitsser
a.ii. have not endeavored t:» dic
tate nominations. Persuasion;
rather than dictation. Is the rule.
It is 'foreshadowed to-night that
the Congressional ticket will be:
First District — Emmet Sea
well.
Second District — Jo D.
Sproul.
Third District — Burdette
Connell.
Fourth Kstrict — It. Porter
Ashe.
rifth District — J. 3. Heney
of Santa Clara.
Sixth District — "W. C.
Gravss.
Seventh District— Will S.
Holcomb.
Electors — At large: Ex- .
Senator J. H. Seawell of 5Ien
docino and Willard S. Thomp
son of Los Angeles.
First District — Cornelius
Shea of Sonoma.
Second District — W. It.
Jacobs of San'Joaquin.
Third District— Dr. W. L.
Prather of Laka County.
Fourth District — W.T. Eag
gett of San Francisco.
Fifth District — James N.
Block of San Francisco.
Sixth District — T. A. Rics
of Ventura.
Seventh District— F. G. Ha
vens of Riverside.
The Fourth and Fifth districts
may not make nominations here,
but adjourn to meet in San Fran
cisco.
THESE M N MAY
BE NOMINATED
BY DEMOCRATS
Piecial Dlrratch to The Call.
Review of the Field and the
Prospects o t e Vari
ous Candidates. <
FIGHTS ARE DEVELOPING
Entry List at San Jose
is Lar£e and Fast
incrjcsinj.
ALL DESIRE
TO RUN FOR
CONGRESS
\ — : ¦'-;¦¦>
Democratic Delegates aed PoMtScaaes Are Swarmainig' In the Garden City and the Aar Is Rafe Wath
/ Rumors, but. Oavae McNab Is King of Programmers, and- He Holds the
• j • Reims With a Farm Haed: ' :
CANDIDATES AT SAN JOSE ARE MORE NUMEROUS THAN
THE LEAVES THAT STREW THE BROOKS OF VALLOMBROSA
THE SAX FRANCISCO GALL, THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 6, 19OO;
3
• ??????•f-f ???????????©
? • *
"Valda," the sensational -?¦
X story of court life at Peking, +
;? begins^in next Sunday's Call,
+ September 9.
J++t+*+.:*:t+*+:t.t.t*.**.t:ti
DR. BALL'S REIN VIC0RATORR5«a
Five hundred reward for any eiia^cjlt
case we cannot cure. This secret if t£a ir ' : *
remedy stops all losses In 24 hours, g ;
cures Emissions. Imjx>t»ney, Vari- j*JJ) 7^
cocele. Gonorrhoea. Gleet, Kits, *A *4«
Strictures. Lost Manhood r.n.l all \J^ ji/L
wasting effects of self-abus* or Bj£a Klfj
excesses. Sent sealed. $2 bottle: 3 63r™feE»*^
bottles, JS: guaranteed to curs any ease. Ad-
dress HALL'S MEDICAL INSTITUTE. S53
Broadway. Oakland. Cal. A!;o for sale at lOTr-,
Market St.. S. F. All private dlscaaos quickly
cured. Send for free book. »
"My wife -was sick lor over eight years," writes
Albert H. Fulte. Esq., of Altamont, Grundy Co.,
Tean. "She had uterine disease and was trrstea
by two physicians, but got no relief. At la^t I
read in one of your Memorandum Books, abenjt
Dr. Pierce's medicines, and we decided to try iiij
* Favorite Prescription.' I sent to the druij stor™
and got one bottle, and the first dose gave er.v;
and sleep. She had not slept any for three
nights. Bfclng sure that it would cure her r
sent for five more bottles, and when she had
token the sixth bottle she was sound and well.
We now have a fine boy at our house."
" FAVORITE PRESCRIPTION "
MAKES WEAK WOMEN STRONO
••*!> SICK WOHEN WELL-
is something which the husband looks
forward to all through the day's labor.
He may be tired, but his step lightens
and his face brightens as he quickens his
pace to receive the smiling welcome of
his wife. What a
difference in the >6flf|£L
home-coming of riSf*!^^iS
the man whose f^^H
wife is nervous Vt^BS^^&s
and gloomy, hav- M
ing neither heart 1*^ < «s»*'5
nor strength to be I * i& ijj
glad. Many such y*p\
a husband has ¦?^fff\^s / *$ I
-worked a trans- ffQ'ir&'fyiffigi \
formation in his \^¥'"A&£H$- $
home-life by jR'H '^ §*§£?'."" t»
learning of the *£lft''^jif^""- ?
cures performed O'-^ : '»?*»K';~ I
by Dr. Pierce's a T^^l : 'i-'--'< ."*¦
Favorite Prescripv- iV&f^&S, \\ \ T ?
tion. It cures jj gg*' \ I (5
diseases of the \^1— ij?
delicate organs, u?% s~^ I
builds up the I ¦
nerves, induces /
refreshing sleep, " / /I ! j
and truasforms I 'I j J
the sickly woman I \ \
into the happy I |
helpmeet. | ' \
There is no al-
cohol in "Favorite Prescription'' and it
is absolutely free from opium, cocaine,
and all other narcotics. '
El iEw V! m vBvvbk3V
At the door from a happy, healthy wife.
ADVEBTISEME3ITS.
I |i|•with your stewardship"; and to tin
other we shall say "Go thou and dc
likewise and come around again ir
1904."
Happily the people are not without
knowledge and the means of comparison
between the chief standard bearers of the
two great parties— that is, of the Repub
lican party on the one hand and the com
bined opposition, which is not susceptible
of designation by a single name, upon the
other. Four years ago they were oppos
ing candidates for the same great office
which they now seek. Mr. McKinley
stood upon a platform guaranteeing pro
tection to American Industries, honesty in
our national dollar, good faith in Ameri
can promises, work for Idle worklngmen,
prosperity to the working people.
McKinley's Actions and Bryan's
Principles.
Mr. Bryan then, as now. represented the
multifarious arid somewhat diverse dec
larations put forth by the factions by
which he was nominated, which in sub
stance and effect threatened the life of
our manufacturing interests, the stabil
ity of our finances, the integrity of our
national credit, the independence of our
judiciary and the peace and order of our
people. As a result of that contest Mc-
Kinley was elected and Bryan defeated.
For the past four years each has been,
in his particular sphere, kept before the
public eye. Mr. McKinley has been busy
Keeping the promises made In his plat
form—making good its guarantees and be
holdinp his country radiant In the sun
shine of prosperity, whose brilliance could
not be dimmed even by the murky clouds
of smoke pouring from every factory
chimney in the land; watching our trade
grow and grow, until from a debtor we
have become a creditor nation; noting the
restless mobs of idle men transformed
into busy groups of well paid working
men, and proclaiming to the world that
our dollar is an honest dollar and our ob
liRations payable only In such dollars
More than that, he has upheld our na
tlonarhonor, guided our country through
war to victory, met without faltering the
grave responsibilities placed upon us as
a result of that war, and prowing out of
our newly acquired territory in the West
Ind es and Philippines, and is but now
dealing with the new and momentous
qurstton, What shall be done with China?
witn a breadth of statesmanship that
commands the admiration of the civilized
During the time that McKinley has
been doing all this, creating, building
up, substituting work for want, plen
ty for poverty, happiness for despair,
Mr. Bryan has not been idle.
He has been going about the
country talking, talking, talking^ —
predicting that the result in 1S96 was all
a great mistake, that the prosperity
around us will prove a delusion; that the
proud edifice of a nation's greatness,
Jirisinj? everywhere through the efforts of
his adversary, will fall; that the great
work that has kept, all busy will cease;
the buzz of growing trade and the turn of
countless wheels will all stop, unless the
people shall elect him to tho Presidency
in 1D00. To-day the^e same candidates
seek for our suffrages.
Mr. McKinley now. as then. Is making
no promises that he cannot fulfill with
honor to himself and the continued pros
perity of the people.
Mr. Bryan is threatening us with dan
gers which have no existence other than
In his fertile imagination, and with
calamities which can never overtake us,
except it be through his election as Presi
dent.
Whom Shall We ChooseP
As between these two. which shall we
choose? The man of action or the man of
words? The doer of good or the prophet
of evil? The upholder of our flag in the
Philippines or the one who would haul it
down? The priest of prosperity or the
preacher of discontent? Can there be any
question as to our choice? No, we must
re-elect MoKlnley.
But there is, let me earnestly suggest,
one danger threatening this much to be
desired result, which to my mind Is the
only serious menace .to our success — the
tendency to overconfldence, and the
apathy which comes from a feeling of se
curity and satisfaction with conditions as
they exist. I do not wish to be regarded
as a calamity howler In calling attention
to this menace to the accomplishment of
our desires. That the danger exists else
where than In my own imagination I havo
but to refer you to the utterances of our
leading men and newspapers throughout
the country to. prove.
I have every confidence in the good pur
pose and honesty of the American peo
ple, when not misled, but we nre con
fronted by wily and indefatigable foes,
who never rest in their efforts to deceive
the people, and unless we make an effort
and show the people the right way, our
enemies may guide them wrong. Let us
leave our workshlps. our farms, our of
fices anil our mines for a day, or lonsr
enough to get together and organize;
there Is nothing like organisation to accom
plish results. Do not be afraid to organ
ize under leadership for fear of the cry
of "bosslsm." That word "boss" Is an
ugly one. and is only used to designate
an enemy. Wo all know that there Ib
really no such thing as boss-rule In this
country. The American people nre too
fearless and independent for its existence
There is leadership, necessarily, for that
Roes hand-in-hand with organization, and
the only successful way to make a fight
is by organization and Individual effort.
Admonishes the Party.
It is possible that Mr. McKinley would
be elected without effort on our part, but
it Is at least doubtful. The way to ac
complish a thlnK Is not to stay at home
in fancied security and wish for It. Some
times you can pet It that wny, but moat
frequently you do not. The best way is
to get out and rustle for It. It is th« same
In politics as in everything else, and if we
put forth the right sort of effort and make
the right kind of a fitrht. I hav* no hesi
tation in predicting that we shall nlve our
national ticket this year the greatest ma
jority It has ever received In this State—
a. majority that will ornfound our en
emies and astonish ourselves.
Clubs— R- H. E.
Cincinnati 3 10 2
New Tork 11 13 1
Batteries— Hahn. Newton and Peitz: Garrick
and Grady. Umpire— Snyder.
NEW YORK. Sept. 5.— The Cincinnati* lost
the final game with the N'ew Torks this after
noon. The eame was too onesided to be inter
esting- Attendance 1000. Score:
Boston 17 3
Plttsburjr 8 4 1
Batteries— Pettinger and "W. Clarke: Phlllippl
and O'Connor. Umpire — CDay.
BOSTON. Sept. 5.— Plttsburg won to-day,
making It five straight. Boston outbatted the
visitors', but lost on errors. Attendance 500.
Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
St. Louis 7 10 0
Philadelphia 1 10 4
Batteries — Tounp and Robinson; Dunn and
McFarland. Umpire— Emslie.
PHILADELPHIA. Sept. 6.— St. Louis won by
superior, all-around work. Most cf their hits
counted, while Young was effective when the
locals needed hit*. Wallace's work at short
was brlillant. Attendance 2096. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Chicago 4 13 4
Brooklyn 9 11 I
Batteries— Taylor and Chance; McGlnnlty and
Farrell. Umpire— Hurst.
Second same:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Chicasro 12 15 0
Brooklyn 1 11 <
Batteries— Menefee and Donahue; Howell and
McGuire. Umpire — Hurst.
BROOKLYN, Sept. 5.— Brooklyn and Chicago
played oft two postponed grames and broke even.
Attendance 2400. Score— First tame:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Clubs — "W. L. Pet. Clubs — W. L. Pet.
Brooklyn ....65 41 .613 Boston 52 5< .431
Pittsburpr ....61 « .505 Cincinnati ..50 59 .453
Philadelphia. 53 52 .514 St. Louis 49 57 .462
Chicago 54 56 .00 New York. ...45 63 .4Sj
Brooklyn and Chicago Play Two
Games and Break Even. ¦
CORRECT STANDING OF THE CLUBS
EACH WIN ONE.
What Democracy May" Do.
Maybe they will yet praise Sumner,
whose great heart beat, whose eloquent
lips pleaded for the slave: Sumner— struck
down in the Senate chamber by their be-
Maybe they will yet praise Seward,;to
whom. California is largely indebted for
admission into the Union ajid to whom we
her children are gTateful for leauingr her
into the Union fifty year* ago. "clad in
the gorgeou? robes of freedom"; Seward.
whoso brought about the
purchase of Alaska and foretold the
ppiendld destiny of the Pacific Coo st.
Democracy praises Lincoln and
seeks to claim him as its own! Mayba
they will yet indorse the emancipa
tion proclamation.
And the chief of the declaimers under
the motley banner of disorder and dl?as
ter. Kryan. the fal.«e and fatuous prophet
Of evil, with the zeal of a new convert
or the purpriye of youthful discovery
now seeks to conjure witli the mishtv
nara^ cf Abraham Lincoln. Ye.«, that
sublime hero, that d<Hr martyr to' liberty
and Cnion. that precious offering of free
dom to mankind, is now. to serve the'r
own hist for office, eulogized by these
IJryaniiSc bronchos of the plains fiurelv
Go4 dort rule, truth has risen and error
if abandoned by his worshipers. Think
of It!
They prate of iheir love for a fre« bal
lot—and use shotguns a= arguments to
Kdranoe their cause. They affect rolicl
lude for the Filipinos and the Porto Ri
cans, and by ohk-anery and cunning de
vi.es under the puibe of constitutional
amendments, rob the negro of his vote
th* negro .who fought for our liberties at
Bunker Hill, who died to preserve the
1 r.ion that had enslaved him; vho with
bared and bleeding breast, carried the
*'«S U P to victory and glory on San Juan
nfll. . .. •
The Democratic Eecord.
But the American people are satis
fied. Prosperity at home, prestige
abroad, industries multiplying, com
merce expandmg.tand high above all
flags of earth our cherished banner
floating — all under McKinley— all to
continue under 3IcKin!«?y and Roose
velt. ¦
The hypocrisy of the' Democratic party
is Ha era at ai.d unblushing; its audacit'v
fham. ¦!•.:! an<i sham.Ofss; its inconsist
-n<y Pthkinp ;.nd insulting. Regardless
cf a record which for forty years is un
1 :-<U« mo i by a .vinjrle statoVmanlike or
w!ioi,.»ome aot. it now s«e«c a to take unto
its'.f the er.-dit and the glory of all the
achievements <>f that period.
You remember ho-«- they fretted the au
tumn air and annoyed the American la
borer at his work and disturbed his well-
tleep at night by their loud clamor
and senffif-ss agitation for free and un-
Jimitf-d coinage of silver at the so-called
••(-tcrnal and sacred" ratio of ]6 to 1, and
robbed that laborer of his time by pour
ing into his ear dark prophecies of evil
«lays to come, dire portents of fast ap
proarhinp disaster and tales of industrial
wreck and ruin, of less work and lower
Cages, of Individual bankruptcy and Gov
ernment deficits, if McKinley should be
elected and the gold standard upheld.
McKinley was elected and the gold
standard has been upheld, and an
American dollar, whether it be gt>ld
or silver or paper, is worth 1OO cents
in London, in New York, in San Fran
cisco, in Hongkong, in Delhi—every
where that trade flows and civiliza
tion exists.
Labor is abundant, plenty abounds, bor
rowers have become loaners, bankrupts
l.ave become bankers, contentment lights
i he eyes and r--mil"« bright^n the fares
once wet with honest tears; mortgages
are being; wiped out and homesteads
saved; the banks, both savings and com
mercial, are filled to overflowing with tho
farnlngs of the men and women who. un
der the Democratic reign of terror, beg
jred for bread and a night's lodging-. Ev
erywhere — on every hand, in ewry State,
in all sections. North and South, East
and West, in mountains and valleys, in
cities and hamlet*. ther« la ¦prosperity and
happiness. n u \. stJll the Democratic
prophets of evil are not Hatisfied.
Free Silver and Democracy.
You r<-member how they pro-dieted ruin,
bankruptcy and misery to the people, to
til sections alike, because of the Dingley
tariff, which they riolentlv opposed and
¦which they foretold would be a burden on
Jr.duttry and a source of commercial dis
fcsur. We pa.ssed and have administered
the Dingley tariff, and it has been not
only a <'op;ous and unfailing fountain of
unmixed bless-inss to all the people, but
has furnished ample funds to discharge
the ordinary and fixed expenses of gov
t-inxnent and the extraordinary and un
certain cost of carrying on successfully
end gloriously the Spanish war. and to
rjeet the largre outlay necessarily Inci
dent to crushing- an insurrection inspired,
it not sustained, by Democratic sympathy
and encouragement. But still they are
l:ot satisfied.
You remember how they shout?*! and
lived for the upbuilding of the American
merchant marine. In spite of their stupid
fcp.J dcRged opposition to every sensible
measure Looking toward a fostering of
that object we have lanrely augmented
xhf American carrying: trade, which has
tfforded and now kiv«'S work and wages
to thousands of additional American sail
ers and American mechanics' skilled an-1
t;tiskil)ed, in American shipbuilding yards.
Hut still they are not satisfied.
ft ill the Democratic Boxers are not satis
fied
< Continued from Second Page).
SOUNDING KEYNOTE
OF THE CAMPAIGN
To the one we propose to state
"Well done, good and faithful ser
vant; stay where you are for another
four years; the people are satisfied
This convention has met to Indorse the
administration of .William McKinley as
President of the United States during the
past four years and to nominate an-elec
toral ticket to represent his candidacy for
our further suffrage and that of his run
ning mate, Governor Roosevelt of New
York. The one we have learned to love
and honor for the magnificent manner in
which he has redeemed the trust that the
people confided In him four years ago;
the other for those great qualities of heart
and mind which have already disclosed
him to the people as the brave soldier and
fearless statesman, and as the man who
has done more in a short space of time
to expose dishonest jobbery and official
peculation and to disturb the Democratic
equilibrium than any man who has ever
pat In the Governor's chair of the great
State of New York.
Tribute to the Leaders.
It is no slight honor, apart from such
special consideration as 1 have just re
ceivt-d from your hands, to have a seat
in this. convention, representing as it does
a great State, a great party and the best
principles of government.
In opening this convention we should
not pass unnoticed a fact pregnant with
*o much interest to the people of this
State. We stand at the threshold of tho
fiftieth anniversary of our statehood. On
tiunday next, the 9th of September, Cali
fornia, will pass her naif-century mark.
Fifty years is considerable in the life of
a- man. but in that of a State it may be
much or little, according to Circumstances.
When we regard what California has ac
compllabed within the short span of her
existence as a State, her wonderful de
velopment in material resources, the vast
output of her precious metals, her grain
fields, her orchards and vineyards, her
reir.arkable development In the arts and
sciences, the existence and firm establish
ment within her borders of her two great
Institutions of learning, it is a matter of
astonishment that her existence should
have been so brief. But when we turn to
the future possibilities- of her as yet
largely undeveloped resources— and who
shall venture to admeasure their extent?—
it would peem ehe had but just been born;
and it is In this sense that we are prone
to use ns a figure of comparison the ex
pression that she is yet in her infancy.
And this is true in a sense; but to us and
to the other . thousands, of - nor devoted
daughters and faithful eon? throughout
the State she Is a mother whose natal
day it is our proud privilege to observe
and honor.
In taking the gavel as the tempo
rary chairman of the convention,
Judge W. C. Van Fleet said:
I DESIRE to express to the convention
my sincere thanks for the honor they
.have just paid me. It is the more
gratifying by reason of its spontane
ous and unsolicited character, but I
trust my appreciation may be best evinced
by the manner in which I shall endeavor
to discharge the duties you have cast
upon me.
JUDGE VAN FLEET
IS BOTH THANKFUL
AND PATRIOTIC
We have the glory of San Juan and
Santiago and Manila and McKinley, and
they have what? (Voice, "Bryan.") The
possible shame of William J. Bryan.
We have the glory of an enfranchised
people. They have the shame of slavery.
Ah, gentlemen, what have we as Re
publicans to rejoice over? What have our
Democratic friends to rejoice over to-day?
"We have the glories of t ..e Civil War
and our united country. They have the
shame of secession.
Now, my friends, we have done what
people said we should do. We have ful
filled the promises made to the people
of our country by the convention of 1S9G
under the leadership and guidance of that
splendid President, the mas whom we will
seat there in November of this year for
another term of four years.
What Republicans Have Done.
In 1SIi4 it was my fortune to make a trip
around the world. There was not a com
mercial capital in Europe or Asia where
you could pass an American note at par.
There is not a city on the eloba to-day
where it is not at par. We promised to
secure the Hawaiian Islands and we havo
done it. We passed a resolution of sym
pathy for Cuba. We little dreamed now
we would come out of It. No man could
have forecast the future and read in 1SHO
that in less than two years we would
have fought a great war on land and
Fea and established the power and splen
dor and glory of tue American nation
throughout the world.
As a result nearly $400,000,000 of the na
tional debt has been refunded at 2 per
cent interest with a saving of about $7,000,
000. -
We passed the sound money law
and aS a result even the silver mine
owner is better off than if Bryan had
been elected.
Who does not remember how the in
dustrial life of this country came to lifa
anew and how the warm blood of indus
trial enthusiasm began to course through
its veins? Who will not remember that
the results of that law have been the
most splendid of ajiy law ever enacted
by an American Congress? And so we
tackled the financial problem and we did
just exactly what we said we would do.
We elected McKinley President and
he had hardly taken his seat when
Congress convened in special session
and passed a protective tariff law,
the best, the most beneficent piece of
legislation ever put on the statute
books, and put there by a Republican
Congress— the Dingley tariff law.
for the upbuilding of the American navy
and of sympathy for Cuba.
It was not alone our purpose to nom
inate a gentleman as our candidate. We
proposed to nominate a man of work
The issue was then the industrial life of
the nation. It had been well nigh de
stroyed by the administration of Mr.
Cleveland and a Democratic ConRress.
We passed a resolution in that convention
affirminp the belief in the Republican
party and. In the wisdom of a protective
tariff. We passed a resolution afttrmin?
our belief in the wisdom of sound money
and the duty of the United States to ac
quire control of the Hawaiian Islands anl
The Nomination of McKinley.
It met there for work. It meant to do
what it has always done, that is to do
business, and at the conclusion of Its for
mal work, it nominated as Its condidate a
man in whom every American citizen be
he Democrat or Republican or Populist —
is proud of. He has carried to the White
House a pure and manly life. Those who
have known him In his family circle know
full well how beautiful and how attrac
tive is the life of William McKinley.
It was a question of safety and of life
itself to preach Republicanism in Mis
souri. From small beginnings L have seen
that party grow until, in ls%, we polled
3'jT.OOO Republican votes, and If you will
be patient with us a little while longer we
will "get there. Kli."
Four years ago the Republican party
met in National Convention Jn rny city
Who can forget the conditions under
which that convention met? Who can for
get the Industrial blight that was resting
upon and permeating the entire society of
the American continent? Who can forget
the heavy hearts that beat with slow pul
sations from the Atlantic to the Pacific?
1b a garden spot from which I hail—
the grand old city of St. I,ouis. which
polls the largest Republican majority of
any city in the .Union, except Philadel
phia, I went to the State of Missouri just
after the civil war. It was desperate
work building up the Republican party in
those days— In the campaigns of 1S0S, 1872
and 1S76.
The Hon. Charles E. Pearce, Con
gressman, from St. Louis, made a
rattling patriotic speech- He said, in
part, as follows:
IT Is my fortune to live in a State that
rolls up 30.000 tn 35.0<V| Democratic ma
jority. But within that State there
ELOQUENT WORDS
OF A CONGRESSMAN
FROM MISSOURI
And twenty years hence, when the pas
sions of this hour shall have passed away,
when the domestic and foreign problems
now confronting us phail have been
solved to the credit and honor of the re
public, when this nation shall have be
come first in foreign commerce, as It la
now first In manufactures, first in agri
culture and first In domestic trade; when
our flag shall have become familiar In
every port of the navigable earth and
honored and respected on everv sea under
heaven; when the name American citizen
shall have become a shield of protection
In every land, an inviolable passport
round the world; twenty years hence
when California shall have* become the
first state in the Union, the home of ten
millions of people, rich with the golden
output of her hills and fields, prosperous
in a peaceful commerce that will pour Into
her ports, San Diego, Los Angeles. San
Francisco and Eureka, the wealth of
the fruitful and inexhaustible East;
twenty years hence not only a
proud and grateful people, but a re
formed and regenerated Democracy,
rejoicing in peace and security, will
look back upon this administration,
and forgetting Bryan, give thanks to
God for the soldier-statesman and
statesman-scldier, William McKinley,
our present and next President of the
United States.
Promise of the Future.
Maybe they will yet praise Conklinp. the
mngnificont, before whose withering:
glance of contempt and disdain they
slunk away to gnaw their hearts in envy
and despair; Conkliris, an ornament to
any country ami any aj'*>, whom they
hawked at and mallirned and sought by
all the arts and malico and meanness to
ruin and degrade in the eye of his gen
eration and posterity: they may yet
praise Conklir.g- >for lashing- them w'ith
whips of scorn and pillorying them before
an outraged people.
Maybe they will yet praise Elaine—
Blair.e, the manliest man we have seen in
our tide of time, whof? broad, deep mind
gra?pe<l the splendid possibilities .and
mighty destiny of the republic; whose
fearless voice was raised for us— for u<?
and our children in those dark days of
thrc-atr-ned Chinese Invasion; whose sym
pathetic and tender heart was riven by
their malicious and dastardly slanders;
they may yet praise James "G. Blalne,
dead, whom in life they wounded by many
an Infamous He and spared not till he
found rest and respite In the grave.
Maj bt? they will yet praise General
Grant, whose sword smote slavery to the
earth and raised our flag to heaven,
whose practical statesmanship frustrated
and exploded their financial fallacies and
heresies, whose reverence for the Union
saved Its honor, and who by defeating
their dishonest attempts at repudiation
established its credit as the best in the
world.
Maybe they will yet praise Fremont, our
first chosen leader, who found the path
and pointed the way to California and
freedom.
Maybe they will yet praise Rtanton,
whose masterly mind thwarted and con
founded the enemies of the republic and
thereby earned the undying hatred of the
Democracy.
loved bully for defending men from blood
hounds and rescuing women from thieves.
Maybe they will yet praise John Brown,
whu died upon a Democratic scaffold to
free this land from slavery and to make
its flag a f.ag of honor untarnished and
freedom universal, not a flag- of deception
and servitude.
TITE CALL'S CARTOONIST MAKES MERRY AT THE EXPENSE OF THE REPUBLIC AN DELEGATES.
Pacing, 2:11 class, purse $1000, threa In flv*—
I Direct, Dave Ryan, Dedalion, Edna R, Dic
tatress, William Harold. Floraclta. Martha
Whips. Kelly Briggs. Goshen Jim.
Trotting, 2:15 class, purse I10O0. mile heats,
three In nv« — Hobo. Bonsallne, AlU Vela, El
more, Lynall. Lottie, Oslto, Bob Ingereoll. Ar
row, Psyche.
Seven furlongs, Dewey selling stake— Merry
Boy 100. El Mldo 102. Torsina 106. Toribio 106.
Formero 108. Jennie Reid 97. Mocorlto 97.
Two-year-olds, selling, five furlongs — George
Dewey 106. Montana Chieftain 103, Piqued 103.
Picklow 103. Loyal S 102. Location 93. Narra O
106. Lucera 10<>, Tiolita 100, Gertie B 100.
Three-year-olds and upward, six furlonjru.
selling— Roulette Wheel 109, Jack McCabe 102.
Dunblane 106. Sugden 115. Loconomo 112. Bona
78, Cowboy 107, Grand Sachem 112, Arnasa 107,
Mocorlto 102.
Polo ponies, half a mile— Slats 110. Viola 110.
Lady Betty 110, Princess Flavia. Julia 110.
The following are to-morrow's entries:
Upper Crust (103) 6 to J. Ko Ko (112) 8 to 1,
Wing (109) 7 to 2. Loboslna (98) 8 to 1 and
Ulloa (1C9) 10 to 1 also ran.
Sixth race, six furlongs; selling; purme, $350.
L. Me Arthur's b. if.. Pilot. 106. by Morello-
Adelante (Butler), 2 to 1 1
J. Touhey & Co/s blk. h.. Brier Hill, 112
(McNlchols). 12 to 1 J
W. II. Murry's br. g.. Kickumbob. 106 (Gaff
ney), 6 to 1 s
Time— 1:1«.
Articulate (111) 2 to 1. Location (M) 10 to 1,
Spain War (105) 3 to 1, Cambaceres (105) 30 to
1 and Canmore (1CS) 8 to 1 also ran.
Fifth race, Shafter selling stake, six fur
longs; value. $660.
A. J. Stemler & Co.'s b. f., Lily Andrew. 105.
by Andrew-Hot Spring (Farrell). 7 to 1.... 1
J. H. Dolan's ch. f., Maresa. 106 (Butler).
io to i :
Thomas Fox's b. c, Phil Archibald. 105
(Futwley). 7 to 2 3
Time— 1:15.
Flush of Gold (103) 18 to 5, Lou Rey (113) 9
to 5, Petal (109) 20 to. 1 and St. Anthony (106)
30 to 1 also ran.
Time— 1:14.
Fourth race, six furlones; selling; purse,
JKO.
J. McCarty's b. g.. Almoner, 112, by Mldloth
ian-Chanty (McCarty). 4 to 1 1
W. B Jennings & Co.'s ch. g., Redwald, 106
(Ames). 5 to 2 1
P. E. Smiths ch. h., Alturas. 112 (Collls),
30 to 1 3
Phlegon U07) 20 to 1. Only Me (107) 15 to 1.
Miss Vera (107) 6 to 1. Nihau (107) JO to 1,
Swifmater (102) 6 to 1 and Delia Conners (107)
4 to 1 also ran.
Time— 1:14%.
Third race, six furlongs, for maiden three
year-olds and over; selling; purse, $350.
Charles Quick's b. g.. Artilleryman. 102, by
Artillery-Clara L (McDonald). 5 to 1 1
Elmwood Farm's b. f., Letlger, 102 (Butler),
5 to 2 2
Alameda Stable's b. g., Trevathan, 107 (Ruiz),
9 to 2 J
Second race, trotting, 2:10 clasa; heats; three
in five; purse. 11" '0.
Doily Dillon, b. n-..'by Sidney Dillon-
Dolly (Sanders) 4 111
Phoebe Childers. b. m.. by Sir Roder
ick (Larham) -1 S 4 3
Hazel Klrney, b. m., by McKlnney
(Hodges) 3 4 12
Claudius, b. g., by Nutwood Wllkes
(Barstow) 2 J I 4
Time— 2:13. 2:13*4, 2:12^. 2:12^4.
wager between the ponies Lady Betty and
Princess Flavia, at three furlongs, took
place. The latter, ridden by Kelly, a pro
fessional, got away first and won handily
from the Lady, which was piloted by
Charley Dunphy. Summary:
First race, pacing, 2:25 class; heats; three
In five; purse. J1000.
Queen It, b. m., by Kedondo, by Adrian
Wilkes (Hodges) Ill
Etar.ton Wilkes, ch. - h., by Nutwood
Wilkes (Donnelly) .' 3 B 4
Georsrie B, b. m.. by Nutwood Wllltes
(Cecil) * 4 J
Santa Anita Maid. blk. m.. by Guy
Wilkes (Maben) 5 3 3
R<?y Direct,- blk. h.. by Dlrecto (Parker). 3 dU
Our TJoy's Sister, ch. m., by Baywood
(Hill) - « d!s
Time— 2:»U, 2:12%. 2:16^.
In the absence of Frank Covey Presid
ing Judge Wilson sent the harness lieltlj
away to excellent starts. Colonel Park
Henshaw of Chico acted as associate
judge. Six events, furnishing a session
of splendid sport, were decided without
hitch or accident. Both harness choices
were laid low and Pilot proved the only
successful bangtail. Unfortunately, be
cause of a disagreement as to riders, the
half-mile scramble for the Pacific Coast
pony championship, for a purse and val
uable cup offered by Prince Poniatowski,
resulted Jn no contest. Charley Dunphy.
on Lady Betty, galloped over the route
and wlH claim the cup.
Six wigglers lined up for the 2:25 pace,
Rey Direct selling favorite. After finish
ing third under low pressure In the first
heat, the little black horse was distanced
In the next heat, owing to the dilatory
tactics of his driver. Queen R, with
Hodges In the bike, won In straight heats,
2:12% being the best time recorded.
Among the running numbers, the Shaf
ter stake at six furlongs, for maiden two
year-olds at the time of the closing of the
stake, valued at $660, was the special fea
ture. Eight answered the post call, with
Articulate, piloted by Mounce, enjoying
the honors of favoritism In the ring. The
colt had a most tempestuous voyage, be
ing unable to finish among the first three.
Lilly Andrew, a half-sister to Geyser,
stood a long hard drive under Farrell,
getting up in time to nip Maresa a neck
on the wire. The latter filly nearly made
a runaway race of it. Ab Stemler,
trainer of the winner, thought so lightly
of her chances that he saw the odds drift
from 5 to 2 to 7 to 1, and let her run un
backed.
Tom Boyle, a local owner, landed the
purse for maidens with Artilleryman, a 5
to 1 chance, ridden by McDonald.
Jockey J. McCarthy gathered another
purse with his recent $100 purchase. Al
moner, In the slx-furlong selling sprint.
Leading from the Jump, the Midlothian
gelding was never headed.
The books were heavily cannonaded on
the six-furlong run, captured by Pilot,
with Tommy Butler up. Extensively
backed at 2 to 1, Butler, by dint of per
severance and some desperate urging
through the stretch, got his mount past
the judges a head in advance of Briar
Hill, ridden by McNTchols.
After the races, a match for a side
SACRAMENTO, Sept. 5.— A quartet of
the ultra-fashionables of the light harness
world came down for the word in thj
2:10 class trot at Agricultural Park this
afternoon and the crowd which witnessed
this classic event was somewhat of a dis
appointment. Dolly Dillon. Phoebe Chlld
ers. Hazel Kinney and Claudius and what
they were capable of doing has furnished
quarter-stretch gossip for many days, and
a big throng. It was supposed, would wit
ness the struggle for supremacy. Still
those passing through the turnstiles cams
supplied with coin, which suited the pool
sellers and auctioneers just as well.
The race was disappointing, for Dolly
Dillon, the Santa Rosa stock farm entry,
ably driven by Millard Sanders, took the
second, third and fourth heats as easily
as a monkey would crack a peanut, not
being compelled to step faster than 2:12^.
After winning the first heat Phoebe Child
ders met all sorts of bad luck and tha
favorite. Hazel Kinney, over which P. "W
Hodges held the ribbons, never sseemed
able to get on an even keel, appearing un
certain and unwilling to exert herself.
Claudius showed surprisingly good form.
Business In the auction pooling- before
the first heat was brisk, with Hazel Kin
ney bringing $20, Phoebe Childers $6 and
the field $10. For the heat Phoebe Child
ers drew the inside position, but lost It
to Dolly Dillon at the first turn. \iliff
latter mare showed the way into the
stretch, when she left her feet and Phoebe
Childers came home with Laphara taking
her up. Hazel Kinney made two losing
breaks on the back stretch, finishing third
behind Claudius.
Even after this Hazel went for $20 with
a ready market, while the heat winner
brought $17 and Dolly Dillon and Claud
ius, as the Held, $5. The second heat
looked like another for Phoebe as she
struck the stretch, trailed by Claudius.
The teamsters behind the two leaders
went to the outside fence to get the
mall and Dolly Dillon dropped from the
clouds, the easiest sort of a winner In
2:13%. Strangely enough the favorite
again broke on the back stretch. Those
bettors "in bad" now "got wise" and,
selling favorite, Dolly made rag-time
work of the following two heats. Hazel
aroused herself a bit, finishing second m
each. •>
Eoecial Dispatch to The Call.
By FRED E. MULHOLLAND.
Quarrel Among Gentlemen Riders at
the State Fair Results in Charles
Dunphy Claiming the
Poniatowski Cup.
The 2:10 Class Trot Taken
by the Santa Rosa Stock
Farm's Entry.
DOLLY DILLON
JOGS HOME AN
EASY WINNER
¦
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 6, 1900.
SOME OF THE NOTABLES AT SANTA CRUZ CONVENTION.
4
ADVEBTISEMENTS. y
Jfos^Jvely cttrtxi Oy disco
JLlttlc .Pills.
TheyaSsontiem Distress from Dyspepefci.
1 Indigestion and Too Hearty Eating. A per-
\ feet rexntrfiy tear Dizziness, Nausea, Draws!.
nes3, Bad Taste in the Mouth, Coatert Tcns?u«r
i Pain in the Side, TORPID LIVER. They
Regulate the Bowel*. Purely Vegetable. ,
Small Pin. Small Dose.
\ Sma!! P?lge«'
No More Dread of the Dental Chair*
TEETH EXTRACTED AND FILLED AB-
SOLUTELY WITHOUT PAIN, by our late
scientific method applied to the gums. No
sleep-producing agent cr cocaine.
These are the on!y dental rarlors In Sun
Francisco having PATENTED APPLIANCES
and Ingredients to extract, fll! and apply golJ
crowns and porcelain crowns uniletectahle from
natural teeth, and warranted for ten years,
WITHOUT THE LEAdT PAIN'. Full set of
t*«"th. 15: ft perfect fit «ruarant»^l or no pay.
Gold crowns, $5. Gold Rlllnss, Jl. S!I-»r fi'.i-
ln&s. Me. All work done by GRADUATE DEN-
TISTS of from 12 to 20 years' experience, and
each department In charge of a specialist. Glv«
ua a call, and you will f.n 1 us to do eTactly
as we advertise. W. will t»ll you In advan<**
exactly what yotir work will cost by a FIIE3
EXAMINATION.
fj9 PLATtS fp^^*^n
New York Dental Parlors,
723 Market Street,
SAN FHANCISCO.
MAIN OFFICE '. ."...PORTLAND, On.
BRANCH SEATTLE, WASH.
TO THE PUBLIC!
DINGLE. JUNE 23. 1899.— I TAKE THI3
* meam of expreaai&g my thanks to Dr. Won*
fHim. 115-117 Ma»n at..
8. F., for having cur«d
me of kidney, womu
trouble and cancer of
•tomaeh. I was a great
sufferer for 13 years, and
found no permanent re-
Wcngf Him. and in six
% -5%v months" time h« fca* U
yjFttrSs- [¦fTSi^k'7'h cured me. Any uer«i.c
¦Oj^fiSlivft* wishing me to certify
* B8 **'WA^*t/%»* this can find me.
MRS. GEORGE BKTZ.
Pinole. Contra Ccsta County. Cal.
BAN FP.ANC1SCO (Cat.). Oct. IS. H0S— T->
Whom It May Concern: This Is to certify that
Dr. Wonc Him of 115-117 Mason street, .--an
Franclaco, has cured me entirely of UngM. *
disease of the kidneys and consumption of the
bowels of long standing, and I am only too
tappy to make this statement for tha bensflt o
all troubled In any way by dls-aaes. You will
respectful?" 0 *" * . MISS M.*J,< SHINE
851 Fulton street. San Francisco.
8. F.. Dec. 4, 1S99.— tir. Won? Him. lli-117
Mason *t.. 8. F.. Cal.— Dear Sir: For th<» b*n<«
with six eminent physicians, my cas* was pro-
nounced Incurable. Hearing of Dr. Wong Htm
and his wonderful cures. I decided to try hi.'
herb treatment. He did all he claimed arj
after trcetlnc six mintkn I am now well and
strong:. "Tour respectfully,
MRS. BARLOW. 1C27 Mission St.. a. F
Avisr- OR. JORDAN'S gheat4
(fiusEua of mwhi
T Tha Larye** Anatomical Muiwa in the \
A V.'ond. W e*Jtnc* »» o* a-vy contracted A
IBMU dis<Me pe«lll»rly cured by the oldest «T '
® IE? %3| *>peci%liKcat!wOiiM. E.r. 36 >aji» *»
£ j*jgfl <ffl-JORQAH~PR!Y&?EQ!SEASE$«
A F^l^^H Consultation fre»? and strictly private \
\ ft B"Tl H '¦•••'•• Cun m e»«ry case uadrrialcen. T
4rlf n& Wmt for Bock. PDILOtOruVcf k
¥ • jj J'l HAnniAtiK, ha:leo VSXS. <a"
eQ IL valuable book for turn; \
I>JU JORDAN A CO.. 1001 Market St.. S. F. Y
LADD'S GUN STORE,
y-KXp/P' 1^ «"«^ 4^1 Kearny «tre*t. S. F.. for
M^ g>^ Fishing Tackle and Sportlon
Goods. Tn» largest stock on
th» Paclfle Const of every description. Send J
I cents In postage stamps for tha latest 90-p.isi*
Illustrated catalogue. No. 4.
tTOISG r»O GUY.
Successor to Dr. LAI K» TAT,
graduate of Canton Medical
College, after a very success-
ful practice of many years tn
China, has located In .~ 1 1
Francisco. The surprising ar>.f
marvelous cure* effected by
his herbs demonstrate their
potence and his skill. The.**
d! -eases. Including Hriehfj
Disease. Plabetes. cvnaump-
I ; ¦ tlon. Asthma. Paralysis,
Brain. Nerve. Cancers, Tumors, Blood. Mai*
and Female Maladies. All persons afflicted
with any kind of maladv whatsoever are In-
vited to calj. OBlre, 727 Washington st. OfB ¦<?
hours — i a. m. to 12 m., 1 to 9 p. m. : Sundays,
10 a. m. to 12 m. Accept grateful thanks tig
effecting a cur» of asthma of several years'
standing. A, DAULKY. J>*n Kafj«l.
4
FPHEUMATESM
B \. — —CURED- — -
by the waters and the- mud baths
and the hot mineral baths of
BYRON HOT SPRINGS
Address A. HETTEN3. Managar.
Byron Hot Sprlnsts. Cal.
LOMBARD & CO.. ZS Geary St.. City Agts. j
».un lICClfED *"ree from foes and cold,
CA.lll Mfc KtK winds. The Fo&utar Resort
Among Redwoods of Sonoma Co.; Free Boat-
lnr Uathlng. Fishing and Hunt!:ig. Lota soil
from J10 to $75. Cottages built from J30 and
upward Board and lodglne. t« P«"r we«k: un-
furnished rooms. II D*r week. Address 1L M.
GREGSON. Camp Meeker.
CALIFORNIA ilK -FKlNGSL^a^,:^
Eprlngs; new ra»r.««enii?nf. a place of com'ort
1 all seasons: 46 rnlltt from S. F\. via Tltvirnn
' Jtrry. R. R. station en hotel grounds; exten-
sive tw'.mminif tank*, f 10 50 ani up per week;
round trip $1 W en Sunday. COOPER & STFW-
ART. Agua Calient*. CaL l4>ng-dlstanca pbone.
M.AIHATH HOT S/»i7J.\GS.
Th* ii«ttitni«»i resurt 1:1 the pmtMSi tuunty In
California. Trout fishing— urv*t in ;he Stata
Bhcve! Creek. IZ miles tor casting. Hunting-
plenty of game In surrounding mountains-
grouse, quail, deer and bear. EDSON UROd..
Proprietors, Beswirk. Sisklyou County, Cal.
LA UHEL DELL LAKE.\
Ine most attractive place In Lake Count? ¦¦L
sptnd your vacation. Boating, bathing bo*^"
Ing. tennis, livery, new walks, etc. Write for
Circular to H. WAMBOLD
Laurel Dell. l.\V» County. Cal.
KAHLER'S new summer resort. Cazau°ro C*L
—Home cocking, excellent fishing aad nant
Ing: general moae.. cbotc* lemurs, cU*r*-
popular trices. 7"
I Disorders of Men
1 Iti'Bv STRICTLY RELIABLE.
£ yW 1 H
f-/wfli\> & Co.
I \ V™\f SPECIALISTS.
w We make a specialty of contracted disorders of men which have become
X chronic and complicated from neglect or Improper treatment.
« We are the only specialists in San Francisco with a thoroughly equipped
<X hospital for the accommbdation of out-of-town patients and others wlshine
p to remain during treatment. 6
?zj Our offices are the most elaborate and private In the city, and contain
¦J- every modern appliance and Instrument known for the cure of these dlsor-
S ders. We have the largest practice on the Pacific Coast, treating every form
S of Weakness and Contracted Diseases of Men, and absolutely nothing else.
S Varlcorele is an enlargement of the most By far the greater number of Datlenta
Q vital blood vessels In man. It Is commonly seeking relief for so-called weakne-V are
Q known as varicose veins. In their normal strong-, robust men In every other rr-invrt
Q condition their function is to carry oft waste Our theory that Loss of Vitality Prm,
n material, thus enabling the organs to re- tureness. etc. are not wiknwM Z
S ceive fresh nutrition. Owing to.the breaking symptoms of inflammatory process", in the
X down of the valves, caused by the paralysl. Prolate Gland (so-calUd neck of blad.ler)"
X" of the muscular coat of the veins, they caused by contracted dlsordm »nrt Vnriv
S become dilated and local stagnation of the dissipation, is now being adootedbv the
8 blood follow*. The vital nerves, belne de- leading specialist* of the world and «h»?
8 Prived of their proper quality and quantity bugbear. "Weak" si of ll7nP I. "removed
5 of nourishment, weakness is the result, from the list of Incurable disorders Even
g Statistics prove that !5 per cent of the the layman can understand that tonic* can"
Q male population are afflicted with varlco- not cure Inflammation, and these ca^s un-
6 cele lnBomestase of the disease. -Oe guar- der their administrator!, go from bad to
# antee to cure varlcocele in one week at our worne. Under our local plan of treatment
S office, or four weeks of home treatment, directed toward reducing the enlarged and
g .without the use of knife, caustic or liga- swollen ProstaYe. immediate muU? aa in-
g ture. We have cured over 2000 ca*es with- dlcatedby Increased circulation and re-
8 out a single failure or unpleasant result, newed strength, is observed. Our colored
S Ve Invite correspondence and the fullest chart of the organs, which we send free on
g Investigation of our methods, and can refer application, is Interesting to any one wi»h-
O to cured patients if desired. |_ ing to study the anatomy oi the male.
Q Offices and Hospital, entire upper floor.
I 997 Market Street, Cor. Sixth.CALLTJSTRO WINDOW AND MIRROR
POLISHERS— Easier to use than be without.
Windows and glass can , be washed without
them, but lt la worth your while to learn the
difference. Your forefathers mowed meadows
with sickles— loet time, didn't know. . •
• Arthur Sewall, whose name as one of
the Democratic standard bearers In the
Presidential election of 1S96 became known
all over the land, was born in Bath.
Maine, November 23, 1835. His flrst Amer
ican ancestor came over from Coventry.
England, In 1634 and settled at Newbury
port, Massachusetts, where his descend
ants lived for over one hundred years,
the journey, however, and passed the
summer quietly at Small Point. The
fatal stroke seized him last Sunday. The
unconsciousness which followed the at
tack continued until death came.
BATH, Me., Sept. 5.— Hon. Arthur Se
wall died of apoplexy at 8:30 a. m.
to-day at his summer home. Small
Point, about twelve miles from this
city. He was 64 years of. age. '
Mr. Sewall had not been in pood health
for some time, although he was not con
sidered to be seriously ill. He had been
advised by his physician to rest as early
as last June and he attended the Demo
cratic National Convention in July
against the advice of his doctor! He ap
peared to have suffered no ill effects from
LONDON, Sept. 6.— Vanity Fair says it
is not unlikely that the Duke of Marl
borough will succeed Earl Cadogan as
Lord Lieutenant of Ireland.
According to Current Gossip He Will
Be the Next Lord Lieutenant
of Ireland.
MARLBOROUGH MAY
SUCCEED EARL CADOGAN
CAPE TOWN. Sept. 5.— The arrival here
of four of Lord Roberts' chargers is taken
to be an indication that the commander
in chief of the British forces In South
Africa will soon return to England.
CAPE TOWN. Sept. 5.— The siege of
Ladybrand has been raised after several
desperate attempts to capture the town
and its little garrison of 130 British iroops.
The Boers who attacked Ladybrand are
estimated to have numbered over 2000
men. The British were summoned to sur
render September 2 (Sunday), but refused,
and from that time on were subjected to
continual cannon and rifle fire. The
burghers twice tried to rush the British
position. Probably the approach of a re
lief force saved the little garrison.
MASERU, Basutoland. Sept. 5.— The
Boers left Ladybrand last evening, looted
the stores and took all the horses. In
cluding the cavalry mounts. The British
casualties were five wounded.
Indications Are That Lord Roberts
Will Very Shortly Return to
England.
SIEGE OF LADYBRAND
IS FINALLY RAISED
HON. ARTHUR SEWALL
SUCCUMBS TO APOPLEXY
ST. PAUL, Sept. 5.— To-morrow at noon
the Democratic State Convention to name
a State ticket will meet in this city and
at 10 o'clock in the morning the Populists
will meet In Minneapolis for the same
purpose. There is no doubt that fusion
will be effected, although some question
exists as to the exact division of the
places on the State ticket. Governor
Llnd will be nominated to succeed himself
and will formally accept in a speech in
this city in the evening, the occasion
marking the opening of the crmpaign.
DEMOCRATS AND
POPULISTS WILL FUSE
WHITE RIVER JUNCTION, Vt., Sept.
5._The Republicans of Vermont elected
their State and Congressional ticket yes
terday by a plurality of at least 32,250
and a majority over all of 31.000. If the
towns yet to be heard from give a vote
corresponding relatively to the vote of
the towns reporting to-day the figures
mentioned will be about right. The State
Senate is solidly Republican, and the Re
publican representation in the General
Assembly will be substantially 200 out of
a membership of 246. The various county
tickets are, as usual, Republican.
VERMONT LEGISLATURE
IS STRONGLY REPUBLICAN
Deer Park was reached late In the after
noon, but no meeting was held here. Mr.
Bryan is the guest of Mr. McOraw, who
Invited a number of gentlemen to meet
the Presidential candidate at dinner.
After the dinner party. Mr. Bryan met
socially the residents of the vicinity and
the guests of the resort.
DEER PARK, Md., Sept. 5.— W. J.
Bryan doubled upon his tracks to-day and
to-night finds him again enjoying the re
freshing breezes of the summit of the
Alieghantes. He began the aay in Jeffer
son County, the easternmost county of
West Virginia, and since leaving the tri-
State gathering at Morgans Grove In that
county, he has been working constantly
westward. He made only two speeches
during the day. the first at Morgans
Grove and the second at Keyser. At both
places the crowds greeted him with en
thusiasm and both speeches were vigor
ously applauded as point after point was
made. There were large audiences at
both mee'iingp, but that of Morgans Grove
was exceptional In size.
BRYAN GREETED IN
TWO EASTERN CITIES
Governor was made by former Governor
Frank S. Black, who had been outside the
organization breastworks since Theodore
Roosevelt defeated him two years ago,
when he desired a renomlnation. Mr.
Black said the Issues now before the
American people were discussed and set
tled four years ago.
"The ghost of anti-imperialism," he said.
"Is not and cannot be made an Issue. This
country has been committed to the policy
of growth, and It cannot be swerved from
that policy by new scarecrows erected
along the way."
Mr. Sewall married In 1S59 Miss Emily
D. Crocker of Bath, by whom he had two
sons, Harold M. and. W. D. Sewall. The
latter is one of the partners In the ship
building firm. Harold M. Sewall was Con
sul General to Samoa under Cleveland,
but resigned and became a Republican,
and In 1S97 was appointed United States
Minister to Hawaii.
moving some time before the Revolution
to Bath, in what is now known as the
State of Maine. There W. D. Sewall, the
grandfather of Arthur Jr.. in l!>23 estab
lished the shipbuilding yards which have
been operated ever since by his sons,
grandsons and greatgrandson, and which
have made them all wealthy men. For
seventy-seven years their private signal,
a white "S" on a blue tleld, has fluttered
from the main spar of some of the swift
est and stanchest vessels In the mer
chant marine, carrying the stars and
stripes to every part of the world. The
firm now owns over forty fine ships built
In their own yards, and altogether have
built more than 100 vessels, including the
first steel sailing vessel ever launched in
American waters. She was called the
"DIrigo," which Is the motto of the State
of Maine.
Mr. Sewall, besides his shipbuilding and
commercial interests, was largely inter
ested in banking and railroads, having
been president of the Bath National Bank
since 1S71, and for a number of year3 prea
dent of the Maine Central Railroad and
director in several other New England
roads and some Southwestern roads. He
was also president of the Maine Water
Company, which had plants in seven cities
of that State.
Mr. Sewall was originally a Whig, but
since the death of that party had been
a Democrat. Though not a politician, he
was always an active member of his party
and a liberal contributor to Its campaign
funds. He was a member of the Demo
cratic National Committee from 1SS3 till
1896, and In the latter year, much to his
own surprise, was nominated at Chicago
by the Democratic National Convention
as candidate for Vice President on the
ticket with W. J. Bryan, and with him
went down to defeat In the following No
vember.
NEW YORK, Sept. 5.— The coal opera
tors who do business in the anthracite
coal districts discussed at their meeting
in this city the threatened strike among
their employes, and after a lengthy con
ference a committee was appointed to
INDIANAPOLIS. Sept. 5.-John Mitch
ell, president of the United Mine
workers, has returned from Wellston,
Ohio. The board meeting to-morrow
will be the most important one held
since a general strike was ordered July
4, 1S9T, when 110,000 men were called out
of the mines for several weeks. The strike
now imminent Involves 143.000 men. Mr.
Mitchell expects the board to declare
without hesitation for a general anthra
cite strike. Fred Rilcher, one of the old
est and most experienced members, has
been in the anthracite regions. Dilcher
is determined to force an issue with the
anthracite operators.
Inasmuch as the 8th falls on faaturday,
the strike, if ordered, will not become
effective until next Monday. The opera
tors have until Saturday to meet the flat
demands of the men.
The statement then goes on to dpny al
leged statements coming from the United
Mineworkers.
The statement asserts that the United
Mineworkers and their leaders are com
posed of soft-coal men not familiar with
the conditions of anthracite mining, and
the association of the anthracite men
with the soft-coal district 13 believed to>
be antagonistic to the best interests of
the men and the mine owners. It is al
leged that the soft-coal interests would
reap the benefit of any troubles or strikes
caused by that organization In the anthra
cite regions.
draft a statement setting forth the views
cf the operators and refusing to recog
nize the I'n.ited Mineworkers of America.
All the Men Employed in the Anthracite
Regions Will Probablg Lay Down
Their Picks Saturdau Night.
THOUSANDS OF MINERS
MAY GO ON STRIKE
ST. PETERSBURG. Sept. 5.— The offi
cial Journal de St. Petersburg, reiterating
the statement that Russia's only desire Is
to end the disturbances in China as speed
ily as possible, "preparatory to which the
re-establishment of the Chinese Govern
ment is necessary," contends that mili
tary action beyond Pekfng would only
arouse fresh complications. The paper
adds:
"Nothing but the lawful government of
China can accomplish lasting, salutary
results. Therefore it is necessary to re
establish Its authority at Peking, and the
withdrawal of the representatives of the
powers to Tientsin will be- helpful in this
RUSSIA DESIRES
PEACE AMONG POWERS
LONDON, Sept. 6. 4 p. m.— Sir Alfred
Gasetee's dispatch, which shows that the
situation in .Peking was unchanged on
August 29, is the only Chinese news this
morning. The cancellation of the order
holding back the Fourth Indian Brigade
is regarded as Important. It shows that
whatever the outcome of the Russian pol
icy, the British Government is determined
to* have sufficient troops on the *pot ade
quately to protect British interests.
The Vienna corr«?spondent of the Times,
discussing the situation, declares that
Japan lias a strung disposition to act in
harmony with the United States in the
Chinese question. •
A Shanghai dispatch announces that
German troops will land there to-day
(Thur^dr.y). Curiously enough they will
be located in barracks adjoining the resi
dence of Li Hung Chang.
United States Consul Goodnow, accord
ing to the Daily News, says there never
was any necessity for landing troops at
Shanghai.
The Daily Graphic Moscow correspondent
says: "The Russian War Office has made
Immense purchases of furs, to be sent to
the army clothing department, which is
hurriedly preparing to provide the army
in Manchuria with winter kits, showing
that an extensive winter campaign is ex-
According to a Hongkong dispatch, dat
ed yesterday, Canton is more disturbed.
Native shops dealing in foreign goods
have been looted, and sinister rumors pre
vail. The German cruiser Schwalbe has
gone to Amoy.
DETERMINED TO PROTECT
ALL BRITISH INTERESTS
LONDON, Sept. 5.— The British Admir
alty has issued Vice Admiral Seymour's
detailed report of the experiences of the
first Peking relief expedition. It is good
reading, but embraces nothing not pre
viously known. Referring to the harmo
nious action of the forces of the eight
nationalities engaged, he especially men
tions Captain von Usedom of the German
navy and Captain McCalla of the United
States army. Regarding the latter, he
says:
ADMIRAL SEYMOUR
PRAISES M'CALLA
LONDON, Sept. 5.— The Chinese Min
ister here admits the correctness in a
general sense of the cable message sent
to him, according to Snanghal advices, by
Li Hung Chang, in which the latter is
quoted as saying: "Our St. Petersburg
Minister has persuaded Russia to leave
Peking. You are useless If you cannot
persuade England."
The Chinese Minister here also says he
has sent a powerful memorial to Lord
Salisbury, urging him to adhere to the
Russian proposal to withdraw the allied
forces from Peking as he. Sir (Jhlh Chin
Lofeng Luh, believes It will pave the way
to a speedy settlement. The Minister also
said the Chinese people were sick of the
war. that the genuineness of Lt Hung
Chang's plenipotentiary powers was un
doubted and that LI Hung Chang was
working in full sympathy with the Em
peror. Dowager Empress and Privy Coun
cil, all of whom favored peace. '
The Minister added that he himself was
still in communication with the Chinese
Government, the authority of which re
mained entire and which was merely tem
porarily located In the province of Shensl.
CHINESE STRIVING TO
SECURE WITHDRAWAL
direction, as it would regarded in China
as proof that the powers have remained
true to the spirit which Inspired the orig
inal programme. However great may be
the just Indignation which events in
China have provoked in all civilized coun
tries, the Russian Government, while ex
amining with necessary calmness all the
questions raised by the recent occur
rences, adhtres unalterably to the p-!n
clple forming the basis of her policy,
namely, the maintenance of p?ace with all
the powers who are solidly united for the
common good.''
"Captain McCalla was of the greatest
value to me and to all concerned. He was
slightly wounded In three places and well
merits recognition."
The report concludes as follows: "When
the fact that the Chinese beheaded any
one they got Is considered, the conduct of
such officers or men as exposed them
selves to capture is to be praised far
more than If the risk were taken against
a civilized foe."
LI HUNG CHANG NOW
WAGES WAR ON BOXERS
TAKTJ, Sept. 3.— An expedition T7ill
shortly start for Paoting-Fu, clearing the
villages en route, which were the seat of
the first Boxer outrages in the province
of Chili. The Russians Intend to repair
the railway through to Peking.
It is reliably asserted that native sol
diers, acting under the orders of Li Hung
Chang, are exterminating the Boxers ir.
the provinces of Hunan and Chili.
Four prominent Boxers were executed
in Tientsin to-day. The French shot two
and the Japanese beheaded the others.
The executions have had a good general
effect.
ALLIES MARCH THROUGH
THE FORBIDDEN CITY
LONDON, Sept. 5.-General Sir Alfred
Gaselee, commander of the British-
Indian troops at the Chinese capital,
wires as follows from Peking, August 20,
to Lord George Hamilton, Secretary of
State for India:
"The allies marched through the For
bidden City yesterday (August 28). The
British had third place in the procession
the Russians and Japanese being in
greater strength."
FOREIGN COLONISTS
AT HONGKONG INDIGNANT
Special Cable to The Call and New York Her
aid. Copyright, 1J00, by the Herald Pub
lishing Company.
HONGKONG. Sept. 5.-ForeIgn colon
ists are thoroughly indignant at the re
ports of the proposed withdrawal from
Peking and are arranging to send a pro
test to the British Government.
The Hongkong regiment will leave Fri
day for Wei-Hai-Wei.
NEW YORK. Sept. 5.— The World to
morrow will print a letter from Rlcha'rd
Olney, Secretary of State during the
Cleveland administration, in which Mr.
Olney declares his intention of supporting
Mr. 'Bryan for President. After sayinjr
I hat Mr. Bryan is hardly the candidate
he should choose if he had his way in th'.;
matter and that ho entirely dis.-ents from
pnrts of the Kansas City platform. Mr.
Olney says:
"Perfection in a candidate ox platform
is an idle dream and infirmity in Its creed
and defects in Its Icidership will always
characterize every party. But they in no
wise excuse a citizen from taking his
assigned part in the government of the
country — from making up, his mind what
'.ho commonwealth demands and wheh
party's success will come nearest satisfy
ing "them— and using his influence and
casting his vote accordingly.
"Be it admitted that the Democratic
party, its platform and its candidates are
opon to much just criticism, yet, alj
things considered, would not its triumph
be the best outcome of the present Presi
dential contest?"
Mr. Olney then criticizes the policy of
the McKInley administration regarding
the Philippines and says he think3 that
the country will soon find itself in the
toils of a Chinese problem even more
costly and menacing than the Philippina
probltm Itself.
CAMPAIGN OPENS
IN INDIANAPOLIS
INDIANAPOLIS. Sent. 5.— The Repub
lican campaign in this city was opened
to-night with a street demonstration by
the Marlon (Hub and a meeting at Eng
lish's Opera-house. Notwithstanding the
intense heat, the theater was crowded
and the audience intensely enthusiastic.
Senator Fairbanks delivered the addre.ss
of the evening. He was repeatedly Jnter
terrupted with cheers and other demon
strations.
An overflow meeting whs held In Mon
ument place, opposite the theater. This
was addressed by Addlson C. Harris
L nited States Minister to Austria.
NOMINATIONS MADE BY
NEW YORK REPUBLICANS
RICHARD OLNEY
WILL SUPPORT BRYAN
NATIONAL PARTY
MAKES NOMINATIONS
NEW YORK. Sept. 5.— The Xatlonal
party— the official r.ome of the third party
—met in convtrition to-day in Carnegie
Hail, this city, and nominated candidates
for President and Vice President of the
L'nited States. A platform was adopted
and a title and emblem chosen. These
are the candidatts:
For President. Senator Donelson Caf
fery of Louisiana.
For Vice President, Archibald Murray
ilowc of Cambridge, Mass.
The platform adopted says:
We, citizens of the L'nited ?tatcs of America,
•.vise, conservative principles which underlie
cur Government, thus cjeclare our alms and
l<urpo?es.
We flnJ our country threatened with alterna
tive i>"Tils. On cne hand Is a. public opinion
misled by organized forces of commercialism
tliat have perverted a war intended by the peo
ple to be a war of humanity into a war of.
conquest. On the other hand Is a public opin
ion Fwa\ed by Jtmapogic appeals to factional
ami dJtaa Dasslims. the most fatal of diseases
to a republic. We believe that either of these
influences, if unchecked. -* - ould ultimately com
pass the downfall of our country, but we also
believe that neither represents the sober con
viction of our countrymen.
Convinced that the extension of the Jurisdic
tion of the United States for the purpose of
holding foreign people as colonial dependencies
is an Innovation dancerous to our liberty and
rerugr.ant to the principles upon which our
Government Is founded, we pledge our effortb
through all constitutional means.
First— To procure the renunciation of all Im
perial or colonial pretensions with regard to
foreign countries claimed to have been acquired
thrcu*rh or In consequence of military or naval
operations of the last two years.
Second— We further pledge our efforts to se
cure a single gold standard and a sound bank
ing system.
Third— To secure a public service based on
merit only.
Fourth — To secure the abolition of all cor
rupting speclai privileges, whether under the
KUlse of subsidies, bounties, undeserved pen-
Eions or trust-breeiinc tariffs.
There was no rollcall. All th© delegates
were volunteers, who had replied by their
presence to the invitation Issued to all
persons In sympathy with the objects of
the party.
WASHINGTON. Sept. 5—Secre
tary Gage has made the follow
ing reply to an open letter he
has received from Hon. Carl
Schurz of New York:
WAFEKNGTON. Sept. 4.— Dear Sir: I have
the v.-v.ur to ecknow!e<lfe the receipt uf yours
i f the Sd Iqstant. In which you utter some
nnb of criticism upon the siatompnts made
by iiie in a newsi>ai>er interview published Au
gust 25, in which I expressed the ormion that
Mi. Bryan, if elected, could, by the exercise
of consifiprable "perverse ingenuity. " pat the
Govenracct en a silver basis, ruin its crf-dit
a.nd Inns incalculable disaster tpon the busi
r.* is interests of the country.
5>u deny that the dangers set forth by rr.e in
• . •. Interview really exist and that any Presl
¦ • at vould be able to do what I derlare might
b° irne "unless the Republican party, in con
trol of the Government in L>cth the legislative
; ;. . era u'.ive branch's proves itself utterly dis
: ¦ ¦ -t .p. Us j.rofessed purpose to maintain the
b Id standard."
V j say your denial "is not based upon the
reasoning of those of your critics who seek to
frliow l.y ftgrures that a President desiring ever
[i Buck to I'Ul the country on a silver ba«=is
v. i. ; lack the ir>eai:s of doing so."
I la the contrary, you admit "for argument's
take." all I fay o:i that point. It would n.H
m ¦ .... therefore, that there i« any particular
difference b<-tv.e<;n us as to what Mr. Bryan
ta EYetMcm onuld do unuer the law ur in spite
of lac law as it is now. It i usht to have been
rj ;«rrnt to you, as it no dcubt was, thai I
?;¦> 3 '•;'.?.% of a l>o»»-ible case jnJer circutn
¦t:;::<ej< ts they now exist, but you rrocee«l to
; :-i.:. t oat bow. at the next session of Oongrcsf.
v !r.. b will m«i in ljecemlter. legislation could
be had which would completely fort-stall un
frjenily action toward the gold standard, even
if Mr. Bryan were f-lfri ted and should still
cberifcb tv>e firm s«>t furpos* declared by him
on t^itemlter IS. ISSti, at Koonille, Tenn..
v he re he sa id :
"If there is any one who lielleve? that the
gold st.-.r.dari is a good thinr or that it must
I ¦ ir.aiiitair.e-l i warn him n^t to cast his vote
f r nif. because I premise him It will not be
maintained in this country longer than I ara
able to cet rid of !t."
Not an Alarmist.
T"u rebuke me in polite terms for sounding
a ffilte note of alarm, disiuleting the business
corrmTinity and especially when uttered by one
in authority.
I am not at all skilled In controversy and
have fcad no i>ract!ce In dialectics, but I will
ir.'Ju!£e in a few words in the way of re
joinder to your criticism.
In the flrst rlacA, then, no more serious dls
tszer could overtake this country <in this I
think you will aeree with me) than the break
lr.? down of the gold ftandani and the adop
ii n ci that principle of money for which Mr.
(iryaa contends. In 1536 you yourself are quoted
h> having fcaid:
"The mere apprehenslrn cf a possibility of
Mr. Bryan's election and the consequent plac
ing of our country upon a bUtw basie. has al
ready caused ur.tcM millions of our securities
to l*e thrown upon the market. Scores of busi
tr-«s orders are already recajled: a large number
of manufacturing estabCatUBCBU have already
ctorped or restricted their oj>erations. enter
t rise If a.iready discouraped and nearly para
lyzed. • • • And !f these are the effect of a
mere apprehension of a possibility, what would
be the effect of the event itself? There Is scarce
ly an imaginable limit to the destruction cer
tain to be wrought by the business disturbance
that Mr. Bryan's election would cause."
I am unable to rrcelve why the same conie-
CL-ences. in & minor degree perhaps, would not
ertue now which you so forcibly foreshadowed
then.
Now when consequence? fo crrat a* these are
Involved the forces cpera'ir.g to inaugurate
them should be reflFted at every point.
Power of the President.
Even the possibility of <lange r should be
ivfced. It Is a familiar fact, ar.d one alto
getber too much in evM^nf f. t!:at the adminls
:retlve office, filled with r.afw! ami oont^mpt
it a particular law, <a»n ii\ i--rvetfe insenuny
[•ractlcally nullify itt- o^nCni?. You point
•jt in your letter that If :hr- curse Indicated
:y me In the interview referred to should be
¦ont^mplated by Mr. Uryan :Ur Republican
S'-intrtytf uhlrh m^ots In I 1^.- s:.!^-r ii«-xt could
,n advance restrain him l<y n<*w and more
•Sective rnar.<!ator>' provisions. The propoattloa
that In case of Mr. Brjan'f election the pres
»nt OingreK-g can tie his h;:n Is ho tr.at lie can
not rive effect to his expressed inlent!<i:i ap
r*ars to me to be fallacious. It would require
new legislation by a party whose policy would
have been rejected by the people throuRh their
last expression at the polls. Further than this.
l!.». next session will expire by operation of
law on the 4th of March. Wl. The fr«e silver
rrlnority would be Justified by their oonstlta
int« In using all the resources of dilatory pro
cedure to prevent such legislation. an-J a?alnFt
*>;:<• !j tactics afJiiTJ'.atlve iTfifflttlfltl KOCh as you
FUPjrest would be probably imi'ossible. Can
any one doubt that Mr. Brynn woulU urR» ac
tion by Ills irienrts In Corurress to prevent the
firthtr itrer.gthcr.'.nr of tlie policy which he
denounces as criminal? Your remarks upon
this point seem to indicate that you r?!y upon
V.:e exercise of the Jiower already conferred
troc the Republican party to prevent the Re
pubilCMn party from experiencing dl?=arters
vh'ch Mr. Bryan will, if he can, bring upon
us. May 1 nut sugc»rst that the way to secure
Fafety Is not to teke power from those upon
rrbota you rely for protection and confer it
upon those whose action you may have good
r»u»e to refret.
Question of Legislation.
F!nee you have raised the question of furtl«*>
iecis'.atlon let us look a little farther forward.
If Mr. Bryan is e!e<-le<i President It is of alt
things ni'*t probable that the next House will
have a l>emocratic majority. Even admitting
that Conrress. dating from March 4, 19ul. will
not be able to eflect any changes in our pres
ent financial legislation, what may we fairly
expect will be the effect of tbe # eont!nued aglta
thffi of the question upon business and indus
try, set in motion by a President bent upon the
restoration of free silver at tl.e ratio of 1« to
1 and elected upon that platform?
You er.d your letter by suggesting that I re
tract what I have suld In fairr.ees to the busi
r.ers community, which shnuid not be unneces
earily disquk-ted. especially net by those in au
thority, rh'.nklr.jr as I do that the election of
Mr. Eryan would b<- a real menace to the com
mercial and Industrial Interests of our people
heraus* of the jranwe be cherishes and the
p<-wer he would possess. I do not feel at Ilbetty
to act upon your r-jprenion: I. feel it my duty
to at leapt T.£.!t until Mr. I>.ryan himself has
retracted hlFftittem.-nt of UM that "it (the
Kold standara) will not be inaintalned In this
ccuntry longer than I ajn ohle to eet rid of
It." %ery truly ycurs. l.YMAN T. GAGE.
Hon. Carl Kchurz, Bolton L*ndlnr l>ake
Gooree. New York.
Nominated by Union Reform Partv.
SPRINGFIELD. Ohio. Sept. 5.-R. S.
Thompson of this city, chairman of the J
National I'nion K^form party committee,
announces that the official count of the
referendum vote shows the nomination Dt
Sc-th Ellis of Ohio for President and Sam
•jel T. Nicholson of Pennsylvania for Vice
President. On the National Union Reform
ticket Klli? received 1621 votes, Nicholson
24 and all others 28. Thirty States ana
Territories participated in the balloting.
Quotes Bryan's Own Words to Prove That
Free Silver Is a Paramount Issue
of the Campaign,
SECRETARY GAGE MAKES
REPLY TO CARL SCHURZ
CALJO BUREAU, WELLINGTON HOTEL, WASHINGTON, Sept. o. — No withdrawal of troops from Pe
king is now likely in the opinion of diplomats hero, based upon official information which has been re
ceived in Washington. There seenis to be practical unanimity of opinion among the powers outside of
Russia that a blunder would be committed if the Russian plan was adopted. Germany is understood to have
replied to the St. Petersburg note, stating that she deemed it unwise to allow her troops t» leave Peking be
cause all the purposes which led the allies to seize the Chinese capital have not yet been carried out. The Ger
man Government furthermore calls attention to the position of native Christians, who, if abandoned to the
mercies of the imperial Government, would probably be as ruthlessly slaughtered as were thousands of their
faith before the occupation.
Italy and Austria have replied along the same lines as Germany. Great Britain is known to agree
that the interests of all nations demand the retention of the troops in Peking. Nothing definite as to the
attitude of Japan can be learned, but it is inferred that she would pref »r that the allies remain for the pres
ent. With all the powers, except Russia and possibly France, agreed as to the desirability of retaining troops
in Peking it is plain that Russia's proposal will not be adopted.
A diplomat who discussed the situation to-day pointed out that Russia's real purpose had probably
been achieved. That purpose, he thought, was to imprsss iipon China the deep interest in her welfare felt by
Russia. And having shown such disinterestedness, and the other powers having decided on remaining in
Peking, Russia can now say to China that in China's interest as well as her own it is advisable for the
Russian troops to stay.
There is reason to believe that some of the powers have submitted counter proposals in modification of
the Russian plan. As soon as Russia formally announces the withdrawal of her proposal negotiations will be
begun to determine the force each power shall retain in Peking. After that will come the all-important ques
tion'of terms the powers will demand of China. The State Department is being kept well informed of the
situation in Southern China and the authorities appear confident that unless some unfavorable development
occurs in the north the southern Viceroys will be able to maintain order.
Special Dispatch to the Call.
Unless Proper Guard Is Left at the Chinese Capital
Native Christians Will Be RMtMessily Slaughtered
as Were Thoosamids of Their Faath Before Qeeuji
patron by the AHies.
POWERS HAVE DECIDED NOT TO
WITHDRAW TROOPS FROM PEKING
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 6, 1900.
THE LATE ABTHTJB SEWALI*.
5
! SARATOGA. X. Y., Sept. 5.— The State
I Republican Convention to-day nominated-
I For Governor. B. B. Odell Jr. of Orange'
; Lieutenant Governor. Timothy L. Wood
! ruff of Kings: Secretary of State. John T
• McDonough of Albany; Camptroller, AVil
! Ham J. Morgan of Erie: State Treasurer
i John P. Jaeokel of Cayuga; Attorney Gen
i eral. John C. Davies of Oneida: State En
gineer. Edward A. Bond of Jefferson.
Perhaps the. most interesting feature of
the convention was the fact that the
i speech nominating Benjamin B. Odell for
MANHOOD RESTORFD "cwidene.»
mMiinuuj nr.oiunr.u Tn is Kreat v e «etaw»
Vltalizer. the prescription of a
famous French physician, will
WQRJBrare Quickly cure you of all ner-
S^jffiScS!!'^- vous " r diseases of the strnrra-
AFw tjpifcift^; tive organs, suoh as I.ost JUn-
B£&} hoo<!. Insomnia. Pains In th>»
53^. ¦** v'j Back. Nervous Debility. Plm-
VPSZ J^if* pies. Exhausting Drains. Van-
ttf^jv cccele and .onstlratlon. It
/B* stops all losses bv day or
night. Cupldenn cleanses th»
liver, the kidneys and the urinary organs of all
Impurities. Curfdene strencthens and restores
small weak organs.
The- reason sufferers are not cured by Doctors
In because 90 per cent are troubled with Pros-
tratlUa. Cupidene the only known remedy to
cure without an operation. 5000 testimonials.
A written guarantee given and money re-
turned if 6 boxes do not effect » permanent
cure. $1.00 a box. « boxes for J5.00, by mall.
Send for free circular and testimonials.
Address Davol Medicine O.. 40 Ellis St.. Saa
Francisco. Cal.. Grant Drug Co.. 38 & « Tfcird st.
MAGNETIC ELASTIC TRUSS CO.,
C2O Market Street. San Francisco.
Or ltl."J Broadway. New Tork City.
When we say "rapture cured" we mean lt.
for lt is a fact that ilurlnR the past 20 years
DR. PIERCETS MAGNETIC ELASTIC TRUSS
has CL'RKP thousands of cases. Nothlns else
like lt. Best retainer made. It does the work.
Investigate for your-elf. CTCall for •"Book-
let No. 1." or send 2 cents in stamps. Ad-
dress:
t ¦ • +
4 "Valda," the sensational +
story of court life at Peking,
+ begins in next Sunday's Call,
4- September 9. 4.
RUPTURE CURED.
¦?- Established +.
"*" ?§/ **&f*./(&L l8Sl - Largest ¦+¦
? Ks ' ns itution, ¦?¦
? c ° n;;u!tat ' ion z
I SPECIALISTS, i
I Diseases and Weakness of Men I
W> make a specialty of nervous ?"
+¦ debility and ¦weakness ¦which ac- •?-
-?- companies it. also Varlcocele, +.
>. Blood Poisoning:, Contracted Ail-
.4. menta. Diseases of the Kidneys. T
T Bladder, etc. "?"
"*" Patients may pay when well or *?"
¦?" In monthly installments. Home ?-
-?- cures a specialty. Private book +¦
4- free at office or by mall. Cor- .*.
x. resnondence confidential. .
I HOURS— Dally, 8 to 5. Evenings. "?"
"y 7 to S. Sundays, 9 to 11. Klevator "?"
¦?¦ Entrance. -?-
t 731 Market Street, X
»»+»»»?»?»???» HfM-44444 •
ADVERTISEMENTS.
4ITTRODC Manuscripts suitable for ls-
rtUlllUAj suing in volume form required
fFFVIYfi 4 by established house: liberal
kCCaliiU A terms; prompt, straightforward
BIIDI ICHCD treatment. Address "Books."
KVDHSuLa hi Herald 23d St.. New York.
The most wonJerfu! aphrodisiac and SpecUl
Tonic for the Sexual Organ* for both aexes.
The Mexican remedy for Diseases of the Kid-
neys and Bladder. Sells on Its own merits.
NABElt. ALFS & BRU.N'E, Agents.
123 Market »t.. 3. P.— (Send for Circular.)
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
IS A GREAT RESTORATIVE. 1NV1UORA-
¦tor and Nervine.
THE EMPORIUM.
THE EMFORTUST.
_ ASVEBTISEMENTS.
A Healthy Mother and Child,
fe. " '^^ jli§
Mrs. E. E. Thomas. Wheeling, Mo.
Mrs. E. K. Thoma? writr>«: "I had been doctoring f-ir f-evrral years, but kept
retting worse. Or.r day a neighbor woman brought me your book: "The lhs <il
Ufe. ' and wanted m^ to take your medicine. I told her that 1 hud priv^n up all
hope of ever setting •well— I had tried s... much medicine. My neighbors thought I
v.as nearly den<l with oor.Fumrtio: 1 .. Finally 1 concluded th:it 1 would make a last
trial. So my husband got me a bottle of Peruni and M.malin.
"/ commenced taking them cccoramg to a r.ct:ors. Thai was two
years ago. A year ago last November I gave birth io a 10-pound baby
boy, who is well and hearty, end I am doing my own housework. I can
never give Peruna too great praise."
Mrs. L. M. OrifTith writes from Orofin<-.. Neb.: "Your Peruna did mo a wonder-
ful amount 'if pood. It cured me of barrenness. I an 30 years old and had never
borne any children, hut since beginning your medicine I save birth to a ten-pound
baby girl. Sh-? is now »j months old and weijjh- !',"¦ pounds, j an j sironier than
I have been since I was quiie young. Cod bhss you and your medicine
JOrevdr. \ cannot tpJI all. I never saw or heard of anything half fo pood. I can
never thar.k you enough for your kindness. In cases of la grippe it works like a
charm. It cured my I>aby."
Peruna Is a specific for pelvic catarrh. Any woman sufferirK from any form
of pelvic trouble can consult Dr. Hartman free of charge. Dr. Hartman is treat-
ir.g thousands cf women for diseases peculiar to their sex with universal success.
"Health and Beauty," written especially for women, sent free by addressing //^._
Hartman, Columbus, Ohio
1 1
N^^S. LA ™g of Fine
f\\*SI^ Furs,
\ Y$^ Cloaks, Dresses,
I ' / Waists, Dress -
|£>/ \ making and La~
\ \1 daes' Tailoring for
j j \^ a^ Bn & Winter
, rm iijii^fv Th "rsday, September 6th
/fill f 1 \> Friday> = September 7th
///// / V \ -a^day, September 8th
— » r> I n. _i ¦ i _ i_l ~u~l ~> 1 ri • OoM#.I*1>mI* W^^a *^— 'j
CALIFORNIA'S LAROEST— A."IUUC*'» GRANDEST STOREIt is reported that the Russian proposal to with
draw from China is due to a desire on the part of the
Government of the Czar to head off a scheme of
Kaiser William, and if such be the case it is to be
hoped the* Kaiser will show forth his trust in the effi
cacy of prayer and not resort to any other means of
getting even.
SENATOR WELLINGTON of Maryland, in a
public speech on the platform with Bryan, has
denounced the Republican party, which elected
him to the Senate, and declared himself, for this cam
paign at least, a Bryanite. The action was not un
expected. The Senator has long been known to be
opposed to expansion nnd to the administration, and,
being a man of considerable aggressiveness, it was
foreseen he would come out into the open to fight in
stead of sulking in his tent and growling.
In Maryland, where Wellington's character is best
understood, it is asserted his opposition to the ad
ministration is due not so much to the so-called
"imperialism" involved in the Philippine policy as
j to a personal grudge against McKinley for refusing
to place the entire Federal patronage of Maryland in
his hands. Wellington, it appears, aspires to rule
alone as absolute boss of the Republican party of
Maryland, and, finding his ambition balked by the
I President, has turned against him with all the rage
of a proud man who has been humiliated in his own
\ camp.
Be that as it may, the country will judge Welling-
I ton by his own statement. He has thus far said noth
i ing showing personal animosity to the President, He
; claims to be acting upon political grounds only, and
i is entitled to a hearing on those grounds. In his
; speech of Tuesday he is reported to have said he sees
, no reason to fear any changes in the tariff or in the
I money laws of the country resulting from the election
; of Bryan. To him the one issue is that of imperialism.
: On that point he said: "I cannot see my way clear
j to inveigh against imperialism, against the unconsti
j tutionality of the Porto Rico tariff bill, the unrigln
| eousness of attempting to enslave the inhabitants of
j the Philippine Islands and the dishonor of breaking
our pledge to Cuba, and then, because of the
I mandate cf a sinister influence which domi
j nates the President, forswear my convictions.
I set at naught my declarations, and do, as did
¦ Senator Hoar and others— appeal to the past and
j the future. The past is dead. I cannot change it.
No appeal will reach its deaf ear. The future is not
in my keeping, and it is not in my power to fashion
I it. Therefore I am here to-night to reiterate the
i convictions I voiced in the Senate and record my
I opposition to the principles of President McKinley as
i evidenced in his foreign policy, and with all the
1 vehemence of a positive nature protest against the
violation of the principles upon which our Govern
j ment is founded; against the desecration of the con
1 stitution and the reversal of the policy which has
I given us a century and a quarter of national prosper
j ity such as the history of man has not recorded in
I any age or clime."
As that is Wellington's own defense of himself, it
I may be accepted as the best that can be made. Its
I weakness will be apparent to every one who gives it
I a moment of serious consideration. When he declares
J that the election of Bryan would bring about no
SENATOR WELLINGTON'S BOLT.
Industrial disturbances and financial panic are too
serious matters to be provoked merely to serve the
ambition of a quite worthless young man to be. Presi
dent. His service to his country is so far lacking, and
certainly does not deserve a reward paid at such a
frightful cost.
All this is on Colonel Bryan's programme. He is
now agonizing about putting the dollar above the
man. If he get the power to carry out his fanatical
schemes the dollar and the man will not be within
speaking distance for many a year to come, and when
the man catches the dollar at last it may be only 45
cents, and many only 30 cents, for the greenback dol
lar fell nearly that low during the war.
Let every business man and every laboring man
think it over and ask himself if there is no disturb
ance of industry, and no harm to the country, in
electing a man to the Presidency who is pledged to
destroy our monetary standard, obsolete our bank
ing system and inflate the currency with an unlimited
issue of irredeemable greenbacks? If the industrial
depression of 1893 began in a fear of changes in the
tariff, what are we to expect from a change in the
tariff supplemented by a slump to the silver standard,
the closing of all our banks of issue, the emission of
an inflated credit currency, and, on top of it all, such
a disposition of the Philippine issue as reopens the
settlement of the Civil War and plunges the country
into discussion of a motion for a new trial of the
Southern Confederacy?
Even as to the Philippines he has invented a theory
that makes their alienation a dissolution of tha
Union and reopens the sectional sores of - three
quarters of a century.
This is equivalent to saying that if elected he will
not try to do anything that he has promised to do,
for there is harm in nearly all of it.
THE supporters of Colonel Bryan are engaged in
pooh-poohing what they call "the scare of
1896," and in assuring the country he cannot do
any harm if he is elected.
THE HARM IN BRYAN.
BARK MELANOPE IN
PORT WITHOUT OWNER
Captain Cragen and a Young Lady
Die on the Last
Voyage.
The British bark Melanope is in the
stream awaiting judgment as to her
ownership. John R. Cragen, captain of
the vessel, died last August. On the ar
rival of the Melanope the Pubiic Adminis
trator applied for letters of administration
upon the, estate of., the dead captain.
Later three children of tho deceased liv
ing in Orange, N. J.. applied foe letters.
It is said that Captain Cragen transferred
his interest in the vessel to Mias El-ia
Mabel Taylor, who accompanied him on
his trip to this coast. Miss Taylor di«-d
at Panama of fever. If it is found that
the transfer of the vessel to Miss Taylor
was legal her relatives in England "will
be searched for, if otherwise the vessel
will pass into the har.r's of the children.
It is claimed that Miss Taylor, who was
reputed to be wealthy, advanced the
money for the purchase of the vessel by
Captain Cragen.
ANNUAL MEETING OF
BOARD OF MISSIONS
Officers Are Elected, Papers Read and
Comforting Cable From China
Received.
The* annual meeHng of the Woman's
Board of Missions ot the Pacific was held
j*sterday at the First Congregational
Church. The election of ofttcers was held
during the morning session ai.u resulted
as fol'ows:
President. Mrs. A. Peck, Oakland: vice
president— Mrs. J. K. McLean, Mr?. W. C.
I'ond, Mrs. Oaten M. Fisher, Mrs. S. S. Smith,
Mrs. George C Adams; treasurer, Mrs. S. M.
Dodgre. Oakland; recording secretary, Mrs. S.
F. IJuford. Snn Francisco; home secretaries,
Mrs. W, J. Wilcox, Oakland, nnd Mrs. C. B.
Hradley, Berkeley; foreign secretary, Mrs. C.
\V. Farnham, Frultvale, Alameda County.
' An interesting feature of the afternoon
session was the receipt of a cable from
Peking announcing the safety of the Con
gregational missionaries stationed there.
A series of interesting papers were read
and able addresses delivered durintr the
day. Those who contributed to the pro
gramme were: Dr. F. M. Price, Rev. Wal
ter Frear, Mrs. F. M. Greeley, Mrs. Dr.
Price, Dr. Adams, Miss Denton, Mrs. Jew
ett and Dr. A. P. Peck.
"T. S. Hawley, one of Santa Barbara's
most prominent citizens, is a guest at the
Occidental.
Attorney General Ford is In the city. He
is here for the purpose of arguing the no
torious San Joaquln Valley freight tariff
case In the Supreme Court. The argu
ment will begin to-day.
Rev. A. M. Smith, who has been ap
pointed principal of Oahu College, In Hon
olulu, is at the Occidental, accompanied
by his daughter. The Institution over
which he will preside is one of the oldest
in the islands.
E. Black Ryan, the famous attorney ot
the Southern Pacific Company, will leave
for the East in a few days, accompanied
by his wife and daughter. His destina
tion is Lexington, Ky., his birthplace,
which he has visited but once in thirty
two years. The return journey will be
made by way of New Orleans.
E. O. McCormick. passenger traffic man
ager of the Southern Pacific Company, is
on his way home from Glenwood Springs,
Colo., where he Went to confer with the
general passenger agents of Eastern lines
regarding the routing of passengers. The
proposition was to save time and avoid
annoyance, and it is understood that much
was accomplished.
Right to Serpentine Av3nue.
The City Attorney advised the Board of
Supervisors on Tuesday tbat the city has
a right to Serpentine avenue and it should
act upon. this assumption until the courts
have otherwise declared. He does not
know of any power the board has to give
a deed to a certain portion of the lands
within the lines of the avenue to Chris
tian Hellinff, who lays claim to It. An
act of 1878 requires the board to sell at
Eublic auction to the highest bidder all of
ementine avenue from old San Jose road
to San Bruno road.
Telephones' for Fire Service.
Rolla V. "Watt, president of the Fire
Commissioners, has made arrangements
with the Pacific Telephone and Telegraph
Company under which the telephones used
by the department will be allowed to re
main in use until provision is made by the
Russia's New Calendar.
It is cnid that Russia Is about to adopt a
new calendar. Each year contains 13 months of
twenty-eight days each, and beslns on Mon
day and ends en Saturday. • The main feature
of this calendar is its apparent stability, and. in
this it resembles the sovereign remedy, Hos
tetter'a Stomach Bitters, which has held an
immovable position for half n century. Try a
for Indigestion, dyspepsia, constipation, nerv
ousness or Insomnia, but be sure you get the
senulne.
\r ERMOM has cast her vote :or aiaie omcers,
L / and the re<u!t? r.fTord the first lest by which to
* estimate the driif"of public sentiment on the is
¦ r« - now before the people. It has been the custom
to reeard Vermont as a barometer of public opinion
: • ujrhout the country. The State election vir
[orecasts the Presidential election in Novem
ber. The normal Republican majority is 25,000; when
that majority is exceeded in the September election
Republicans arc assured the independent vote of the
country i^ with them; when it falls short of that
i'<purc Republican leaders know there is danger
ihead.
The majority of thia year falls short of what it was
four years aso, but exceeds that of two years ago. It
:<- thus easy to draw the conclusion that the over
whelming victory of ifyb will not be repeated in the
Fres:<iei;tial contest, but at the same time there is a
sufficient assurance that the party has recovered from
the re-action of the off year and will make a better
tfcowing than it did in 1898. when it nearly lost con
troi of the House of Representatives.
Reports from the State are to the effect that th*
Democrats nominated this year an exceptionally
strong Ticket and worked to win. The Republican?
were sanguine of success, and there was a marked
apathy among the rank and file. By reason of those
differences in the energies of the parties the Repub
lican vote is something like 20 per cent less than it
uas ::i rSg6j whi'e the Democrats gain something like
IJ per cent. Thus, while the result on the whole is
satisfactory, it contains a moral which Republicans
throughout the Union should take to heart and
profit by.
It appears clear that a considerable number of
Gold Democrats who refused to vote for Bryan in
1896 have returned to their party. That was not un
expected. The Democrat of Maine, Vermont and
New Hampshire is a peculiar creature. He is gener
ally a? sturdy as granite and just about as reasonable.
He can be moved by a political earthquake like that
which revolutionized Democracy in 1896, but as soon
as the shock is over he settles back to his old place.
He goes on nominating candidates and voting for
them with a dogged pertinacity, though he has never
elected one in forty years. He wiil continue to do so
as lorg as he lives, and then his children will take up
the party name nnd carry it on through the next gen
eration.
Next week Maine will hold a State election, and a
second test vote will be submitted for the study of
politicians. It is Ukerj to be much m-»re interesting
than that in Vermont, for Maine is not so steadfast as
her sister State. It will be remembered that in 1880,
when Garfield was candidate for the Presidency, the
people of Maine in their State election actually gave
the Democrats a plurality. That was about the big
gest scare in the history of American politics. It
roused the Republican leaders and set them to work
with a vim to make wp for 3os^ time. The work was
?o effective that Garfkld carried Maine and the rest
of the country as well.
A close vote m Aiaire would probably be an ex
cellent thing for the Republican party this year.
From ail parts of the East come reports of over
confi(!cr.ce in the party ranks, while the Democrat?
.ire working like beavers pven in States like Vermont,
where they have only a forlorn hope to fight for. It
is clear there is to be no walkover this year. A dt
clinc in the Republican vote and an increase in tho
Democratic vote augurs ill in States where the mar
fin of Republican victory was narrow in 1806
The generosity with which Democratic plug uglics
are aiding Herrin, Crimmins and Kelly in their assault
upon reputable Republican methods suggests that the
Phclanhe crop of the "'push" must be extremely large
this year.
Cornelius Vandcrbilt is. after all, one of the "boys,"
a good every-dav sort of an American. He has an
rour.ced a willingness to accept a seat in Congress
if the people will give it to him.
THE VERMONT ELECTION.
On Friday and Saturday of this week
thera will bo an excursion to Lake Tahce.
and the tickets will be good for return tiil
"Wednesday noon. September 12. The rate
will be $10 for the round trip, but sleeping
car expenses will not be Included. Not
withstanding this slight diffc-rence the
rate is still very low. considering the
length of time allowed— four full day3 if
the limit is taken.
This is one of the most comfortable ami
intere ningr trips in the world, from first
to last, and particularly that portion <-.f
It up the picturesque Truokee Canyon,
which is now made by rail en a prettv
narrow gauge road. And the atmosphere
is so cool and refreshing at this leasOB,
rot hot and dusty. It is the best season of
the year to visit beautiful L.ake Tahoe.
To Visit Lake Tahoe.
Round Trip §10.
Go.
HE BEST SEASON
OF THE YEAR
that there were no evidences of a blow or
other injury. There will be no inqueat.
The Blow She Inflicted in Play Did
Not Have Any Injurious
Effect.
The report of Dr. Adolph A. Poehner,
made to Coroner Cole yesterday, lays the
death of Ruby Kayser, 4 months old. at
the feot of her sister Eva. 3Vi years old. 1
Dr. Poohner gave the cause o: death as!
peritonitis, following: an abscess caused
by a playful blow from Eva two weeks
ago.
The parents of the c~.ead baby, Mr. and
Mrs. Charles Kayser of 412 Octavia street, j
visited the Morgue yesterday and ex- .;
pressed the greatest indignation that the .'
death of their baby should have been :
made a Coroner's case. They said that
Dr. Poehner had informed them that the
infant was afflicted with brain fever. «t
child of another family in the same house
upstairs having died of that complaint.
Mrs. Kayser stated that while Baby j
Ruth was In her carriage, wrapped In a ;
quilt and thick blank;**. Eva patted her
over the stomach playfully with her open i
hand, but not hard cnouRh to injure h^r. ;
"The doctor told me," said Mrs. Kayser, I
"that if he could get the matter from the j
baby's head into her stomach he could let
It out there and save her life, lie operated \
on the baby half an hour before she died |
last nisht." . 1
The autopsy made yesterday afternoon j
by Morgue Surgeon Leland showed that 1
death had been caused by brain fever and i
EVA NOT BLAMED FOR
BABY RUBY'S DEATH
From the way the ordinance is framed it appears
the clause forbidding any one to permit an escaped
Belgian hare *to remain at large applie-s to every citi
zen in the county. The moment notice is given of
the escape and flight of a hare all persons must set
forth in pursuit of him. Still more imperative will it
be upon any one who happens to see a free hare to
get out and hunt him down. There is seemingly no
exception to the operation of the law. Each offender
is liable to a fine not exceeding $100 or imprisonment
in the County Jail for a period not exceeding thirty
days.
The results are likely to be interesting. A preacher
coming late to church will explain. '"Brethren, the
devil set a hare along the road and I had to stop to
catch him." Young men and maidens expected home
by early twilight will return late and explain, "We had
to help run down a Belgian." Jurymen will not get to
court in time because of the necessity of pursuing
stray hares on the way. Altogether, there is going
to be a fine time in San Diego — races every day and
hare for supper every night. Moreover, there is a
prospect the sport will last a long time. One expert
has figured out that the increase from one pair of
Belgian hares will amount to 1,723.846 hares in ten
years. It will be seen that there's lots of fun ahead.
OUT of San Diego there may be expected to
come in the next year or two a more dazzling
aggregation of unrivaled sprinters and match
less long distance runners than were ever seen in any
part of the known world by any generation living or
dead. The cause for the development of the fleet
footedness in the county is to be found in an ordi
nance which according to reports was adopted on
Tuesday. The ordinance makes it unlawful for any
person to liberate Belgian hares in the county or to
permit any which may have escaped to remain at large
or .unconfined. It will be comparatively easy for the
owner of a Belgian hare to prevent him from escap
ing, but the clause which forbids any citizen to allow
one to remain at liberty after having escaped is goin^
to require some tall running on the part of the pubiic.
BELGIAN HARE CHASING.
Th3 German Bark J. C. Pfluger Is
Sold and Will Be Transformed
Into an American
Barkentine. t
. 1 !
On board the ship A. J. Fuller, which
arrived from Seattle yesterday, was A. L.
Blum. Al went north on the Jeanette to
seek a fortune on the Nome beach.
Al's father is one of the heads of the
well-known firm of Roth, Blum & Co. Al
discovered that Nome was "a frost," and
jnptead of spending the money he in
tended to invest in mines, folded his
tent and came back to San Francisco.
He saxs that Nome and all the beach
from St. Michael to Cape York is a good
place to keep away from.
Sale of the Pfluger.
The German bark J. C. Pfluger was sold
yesterday to John Rosenfeld's Sons for
$15,250. About $10,000 will be spent in put
ting the vessel in first-rate order and then
she will go into the Hawaiian sugar trade ;
under the American flag. The Pfluger j
will be rigged as a barkentine.
Water Front Notes.
Joe Wilson and John O'Brien were ar
rested yesterday on a charge of burglary.
They entered the men's quarters on the I
river steamer Apache and stole a suit of
clothes, $3 in money and a check for $100.
The thieves were driven out of Sacra
mento and were on their way here to
work the Golden Jubilee people.
The trading schooner Herman arrived
from Kodiak yesterday. The brig \V. G.
Irwin got back from Alaska. During her
absence she was nearly burned to the
•water's edge through her cargo of lime
catching tire.
"Al" Blum Gets Back From
a Trip to the Frozen
North.
FROM
SEA
AND
SHORE
THURSDAY SEPTEMBER 6, iqod
JOHN D. SPRECKELS. Proprietor
Address AM Communications to W. S. LEAKE. Mant 2 « r .
HA\ACF.H'S OFFICE
iuJaLICATIOS OFF!CE..Market an& Tltlrd. 8. F".
Telephone Vrenu 201.
CDlToniAL BOOMS 217 to 221 Stere«««« St.
IVIrpIioop I»rc»« 2O2.
Delivered »»t Carrier*, in Onto Per Weelc.
Slrple Copies. 5 Ont«.
Terra* by Mall. Including I'o«tns:*»
TtAlf/T rA!-l- <?r>r!u!5tr.K SktkSbv). one y»ar *J.W
I'AIl.T CAUL. <!nci>iri;r.ir Pur.day). « ir.onth* »-•"
DAILY OAl-I.. <lr.-r".-j<;;r!sr Sunday*, » months *-5»
r>At!.Y CAl-b-iiv S'ne!* Month ™j
EUKDAT CAM. Or.* Y»-ar l •*»
V.TEKXY TALL On» Your *- w
Xll pottmanicn mr- rnithoiiud <o receU*
¦ ¦!i«crl!i:tuns.
£*asp> ccp'.es W.I1 be forwarded wben rvqurateO.
Mali BtSbMrlben In rrscrlrr chance cf a<S<3ress should b#
particular to giv* l>ctb SEW AND OLD ADUUESS In order
U> iuare a prompt ."-rid correct compliance with their re«ue«t.
OAHXAXD OFFICE 1118 Broadway
GEORGE C KRO3N£SS.
1/tr.agef Fs'e jri Advertising, Varquette Building. Chicago.
Ojob* Distance Telephone "Central Mil")
KtW TCRK CORRESPONDENT:
C C. CARLTON Her»id Square
KZW TORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN B. SMITH 30 Tribun. Building
JSTTW TORK NEWS STANDS:
VTeJSorf -Astoria. Hotel; A. BitaUno, II Union Bqumre;
tfrrray BUI Hotel.
CHICAGO TCETVS 6TAXDS:
Q*R9ia Rouse; P. O. News Co.; Great Northern Hstal:
rretaont Hcure: Auditorium Hotel.
WASHINGTON [D; C.» OFFICE Wellington Hotel
,VORTON L. CRANE. Correspondent.
BRANCH OFFICES -E2T Montgomery, corner of Clay. op«n
UEtil f:30 o'clock. SCO Hayes, open until »:30 o"c'.ock. C33
McAllister, open until S:39 o'clock. SIS Larkin. ejien until
S:30 o'clock. 3S41 Mlbslon. open until 10 o'clock. 2261 Market,
corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock. 10S6 Valencia, open
until 9 o'clock. 3« Eleventh, open until 9 o'clock. NW cor
tt Twenty-s<v>n;5 and Kentucky, cpen until 9 o'clock.
The Monticello Club held an Informal
reception Tuesday night by way of house
warming of Its new quarters at Kearny
street and Union-square avenue. Its new
rooms are those formerly occupied by the
Olympic Gun Club. They consist of a
large meeting and lounging rcom. billiard
room and card rooms, all fitted up in ideal
club style. j
Judge W. P. Lawlor is president of the
club, Dr. T: B. W. Leland is secretary
and Hull McClaughry, Louis de F. Bart
lett, Curtis Hillyer. W. W. McNair and
Louis Mooser are directors.
Monticello Club's New Quarters.
The Wells-Fargo war tax case was ar
gued before the Supreme Court yesterday
by Attorney General Tirey L. Ford, repre
senting the people, and E. S. Pillsbury for
the corporation. The action was origin
ally brought by the former Attorney Gen
eral, who sought to make the transporta
tion company carry the parcels of its
patrons without compelling the latter to
pay the one cent war tax. In the lower
court the action was defeated. Mr. Pills
bury based his defense on a recent de
cision of the United States Supreme Court
in a similar case, which resulted in favor
of the transportation company.
After the case was submitted to the fau
preme Court and after the briefs were all
tiled the Supreme Court of the Uniteo.
States decided what is known as the
"Michigan case." which presented ques
tions quite similar to the ones presented,
here. In the Michigan case, however. It
appeared that the rates of transportation
were raised by the express company just
one cent in every instance to cover the
one cer.t required by the internal revenue
law. The Supreme Court of the United
States held that this the express company
had a perfect right to do, provided their
rates as thus laised were not unreason
able, and the pleadings in the case showed
that they were not unreasonable.
Attorney General Ford, however, argued
that the case here in California can be
distinguished from the Michigan case in
this— that in Michigan the rates were
raised to cover the one cent, whereas in
California the rates remain the same, but
the one cent is demanded of the shipper
as a prerequisite to the forwarding of his
parcel or package.
The matter was taken under advisement
bv the court.
Attorney General Ford Vigorously
Attacks the Michigan Decision
on Which the Corporation
Seems to Hely.
Supreme Court Is to Decide
Who Will Pay the One
Cent Tariff.
WELLS-FARGO
FIGHTING THE
WAR-TAX CASE
An attack in force was made on the will
of the late Dr. Henry i_>. Cogswell yester
day, a contest to the document in which
Caroline E. Cogswell, decedent's widow, is
named as devisee of the bulk of the es
tate was filed by Don Alvaro Skelllnger.
I A second contest was filed by Marion S.
I Stevens and a third by Mrs. Emily May
Sammi and Mrs. Florence E. Mills.
Skellinger is the son of Mary Ann Cogs
well-Ske-llinger, a sister of the deceased,
and resides at the Veterans' Home, Nap;*
County. Marion S. Stevens {3 a sister of
Don Alvaro Sliellingcr and resides in
this city. They allege that the will of th*»
deceased is void by reason of the mental
incapacity of the testator, who they
claim was also under restraint, undue in
fluence and a victim of fraudulent mis
representations.
"For a Ions time prior to his death."
contestants aver, "deceased was under the
undue influence of his v.ife, Caroline E.
Cogswell. She prevent?*! the deceased
from having any "social intercourse wltu
the contestants or any other relatives.
He would consent to no meetings with
relatives save by stealth and uiTder prom
ise that his wife should not be informed
of such meeting." They also aver '.hat
for fear deceased would devise portions of
his estate to his relatives she confined
him in apartments at the Marechal Niel
Hotel and there influenced him to be
queath her the bulk of his estate. They
also allege that "in addition to such un
due influence the deceased at the time the
will was executed by him. if it ever was
so executed, was not of sound mlr.d, and
was also physically weak, which rendered
him subject to the dominion and control
of his wife."
Mrs. Emily May Sammi. wife of II.
Samrr.l, cashier of the Deming-Palmer
Milling Company, ami Mrs. Florence E.
Mills are nieces of the dead mllllona're.
They also charge undue influence on tha
part of Mr?. CoRSwell to procure the con
tested document.
?
Say She Confined Him in His Rooms
and Took Advantage of His
Alleged Mental In
capacity.
Charge Widow With Having
Unduly Influenced the
Physician.
DISSATISFIED
HEIRS CONTEST
COGSWELL WILL
Not only is the domestic price of lumber advan
cing, but the foreign demand increases with the rise
in Europe. No better interest can be had upon capi
tal than by investing it in forest land and preserving
the trees, to be harvested when ripe, without damage
to the growing crop.
There are thousands of acres in California that are use
less for other purposes that will harvest vast fortunes
if planted now in the ironwood eucalyptus, and there
are also thousands that will yield a rich return if
planted in the Catalpa speciosa, for railroad ties and
dimension timber. The hog wallow lands of the
lower foothills, so costly to level and often so rebel
lious to tillage, may in a few years be clothed with
forest, with the most grateful effect upon the moisture
and fruitfulne?s of the valley lands.
As for our mountain forests, one sickens at 'the
sight of their destruction. Every summer money is
burned in the mountains to the amount of millions.
The merchantable timber that stands is destroyed a:id
the fine crop of young trees that was following to
take its place is reduced to ashes and the still dormant
germs in the soil are burned to death. So a forest is
murdered in its cradle, and the splendid and perma
nent lumber supply to which the world will turn mor*
and more, and for which it will bid higher and
higher, will soon be exhausted and that source of
wealth will disappear.
These conditions admonish the people of the
United States to be wise in time and secure the per
manence of their forefts. Destruction has rioted
here rampant, but our forest area was so extensive
that it is not too late to preserve it to permanence
and make it produce the most valuable of all crops.
For many years t\\: lumber used in Europe has
been of very small dimensions, looking, in width,
much " like our roofing shakes. The wide boards,
yrcat planks and immense dimension timber so
common here are unknown there.
The attempt to make forest growth a permanent
crop has been going on in Europe only about a cen
tury. But the use of timber began centuries before
Caesar bridged the Rhine, and the demand has
grown with population and advanced with civilization,
until Europe is at last face to face with a timber
famine that reaches into many lines of commerce and
rffects the course and the profits of trade in many
ciirections.
This condition is general throughout Europe.
The replanting of forests and preservation of grow
ing timber have not kept pace with the consumption
of wood and the destruction of timber.
Labor in the manufactories of Sonneberg has com
manded a wage of $j 57 to $3 80 per week, and has
struck for an advance of 47 cents a week. Many em
ployers have already conceded the advance, which is
at once carried forward to the consumer, by being
added to the price of the goods. The concession of
the rise is expected to become general in the district
of which Sonneberg is the center, so that all iA ex
ports will be affected by the new condition of wages.
Another cause of the rise, which is of special interest
in the United States, is the steady and recently rapid
rise in the price of lumber. This affects the trade
throughout. The wood used in the articles manu
factured, the wood pulp used in the papier-mache of
which doll heads and torsos are made, and the boards
used to make the packing-boxes, all have advanced.
The advance in prices, of which customs officers in
this country have been notified to guide them in
liquidating invoices, is due to two causes, a labor
strike and steady advance in the price of lumber.
Sonnebcrg is a toy-making center, and manufac
tures also other articles of wood and glass. It is in
Saxe-Meiningen, on the river Rothen, and is such
an ancient seat of the industry upon which its people
live that its goods ere known* in trade, the world
over, as "Sonneberger ware." With a population of
about 10,000, it exports millions of dollars' worth of
its wares.
THE Treasury Department has received notice
from Sonneberg, Germany, that the values in
consular invoices must be advanced on im
ports to this country from that place.
LABOR AND LUMBER ABROAD.
j Senator Wellington has chosen to shut his eyes,
and is a uew proof of the old saying, "None so blind
as him who won't see." He has of course destroyed
his political future past redemption, but that is not
much to mourn over. After all his election to the
Senate was but a political accident, and when he
passes he never will be missed.
Senator Hoar and ex-Senator Edmunds have been
as earnest opponents of "imperialism" as ever Sena
tor Wellington can hope to be, but they are not fan
atics. They do not permit that. one issue to blind
them to every other issue of the time. Both have de
clared the election of Bryan would be more danger
ous and more disastrous to the country than anything
else that could befall it. In a recent interview with
the New York Herald Edmunds said: "I believe the
good of the country demands the re-election of Mc-
Kinley. I suppose expansion is his greatest vice, and
I do not really know that he is an expansionist." He
added: "Altgeld may be honest, and Bryan may be
honest; I believe, for that matter, that the majority
of anarchists are honest, but it is the ideas they have
and which they try to carry- out that make them un
safe."
change in the tariff or the currency, he virtually de
clares Bryan's pledges and those of the Kansas City
convention to be worthless. He discredits the asser
tions of Bryan on two important issues of the time,
but asks the people to believe all that Bryan says on
another issue. The unreasonable nature of such a
request is augmented by the fact that on the ques
tion of free trade and free silver Bryan has been con
sistent, but on the Philippine question he has not
been consistent. He urged the ratification of the
treaty that put us in possession of the Philippines and
brought about the very condition of things he is now
denouncing.
Board of Supervisors for payment for the
service. The president guaranteed that
his board would bear the expense tem
porarily.
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 6. 1000.
Recent developments m the Fair case indicate that
another great legal drama of California is about to
close as many others have done— in the shadows of a
madhouse.
Richard Croker, it appears, has accumulated so
much money that he is willing to throw some away.
He has bet $20,000 that William Jennings Bryan will
be elected. Perhaps Croker is seeking to win a repii-
If the squabbles of those Americans who received
the decoration of the Legion of Honor and those
who did not continue it might be wise to change the
name of the decoration to something that will tell
better its meaning. -
6
Ice cream and soda at Townsend's. •
Central Park Theater.
The Central Park Theater, corner of
Eighth and Market streets, will be oper.eil
for the first time ncxi Saturday r.i<ht
with a grand Cakewalk carnival. There
¦will be a performance every evening, be-
Kinning next Saturday to the 16th. in-
clusivo. with special matinees next Sun,-
day and Monday.
Pure fruit juices used at Townsend's. •
Ice cream by the gallon at Townsend's.*
Townsend's California glace fruits. 50c a
pound In fire-etched boxes or Jap baskets,
639 Market street. Palace Hotel. •
Soldiers May Bs Buried Here.
At a meeting of tho Board of Health
yesterday afternoon it was decided* in
motion of Dr. Bnzet. to admit the bodies
of soldiers who have i!ed from contagious
diseases Into this country for burial.
Ladles take Dr. Slegerfs Angostura Bittern
generally when they feel low spirited. It
brightens them up immediately.
Special information supplied dally to
business houses and pubiic men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mom-
Comcry st. Telephone Main 1042. •
AMUSEMENTS. -
Or$hraiB— Vaudeville.
Grtir.a Opera-house— "Children of the Ghetto."
Tivoll — "Camer.."
Alcazar— "The Ma*<jueraders."
Cnlurr.Ma— 'A Great Obstacle."
Alhartjfcra— "Si::r Ahoy."
Oiympia. corner Mat^un and HdSy Ftrwts — Specialties,
'-'hutes. Zoo and Theater — Vaudeville every afternoon and
ev^rir.s.
Tssrfcer's— Vaudeville.
A'.ta Theater. Grove street— "On the Trail."
Pain's Battle of San Juan. Fclscm and Sixteenth etreets.
Bctro Uaths — Ojten rlchts.
AUCTION SALES.
IiT r^-.as* A- rjer.der.ha!!— Thre* carloads of driving
tnd draft hnrses. at 17«I Market street.
\ THERE ARE PROPHETS /
\ AND SONS OF /
\ PROPHETS. /
The newest son ot a prophet is in
Southern California. f
S In the
September 9. J^
I HOW JACK CHRETIEN \ '¦>
I SPENDS HIS TIME IN JAIL. \
/ THE MOQUI \
' / INDIAN SNAKE DANCE. \
/ HAS SEEN AND TALKED \ .
/ WITH THE DEPOSED EMPEROR. A
/ THE STORY CF LEUNG KAI TIN. \
/ THE- SENSATIONAL STORY OF THE .DAY, \
/..."VALDA" \
/ BEGINS SUNDAY NEXT. SEPTEMBER 9. \
/ ....THE SUNDAY CALL LEADS THEM ALL.... \
• -MONTREAL. Sept. 5.— The regular monthly
drawing of The Canadian Roynl Art Union for
the month of September, by which the winning
numbers of the Kentucky Lottery are decided
was held htre to-day. The first thirty-six
prizes are as follows: 66,376, $15,000: 7tJ,S3?
H00O; 52.9SS. $20CO: 55.959, J1000: S9.113. *5C0; 49.956
$500: next five $200 each, SS.SM. 35,41*. 42.235."
50.453. 51.406: next twenty-five prises $60 each.
22,777, 5643. 61.150. 57.S30. 41.238. 6971. 37,513. 76.459
4<21. 25,874, 51,936 11,238. 43.S20, 21.S25. 37.603. 63,
741. 41.943. B0,:53. 68,621, £673, 6S91, 57,256. 22,«20.
5045. 97.136. ' ¦ •
District Fair for Santa Ana.
SANTA ANA, Sept. 5.— The Thirty-sec
ond District Agricultural Association to
day decided to hold a race meeting and
agricultural fair In this city from October
17 to the 20th Inclusive. This meeting will
precede the Los Angeles fair and It Is ex
pected that some of the best racers In the
State will be there. The track Is In
splenGId condition. '39H88
Bain in Shasta County.
Fpccial Dispatch to The Call
KESWICK, Sept. 5.— General rain pre
vailed over Shasta County all last night
and to-day. It harmed neither rancher
nor fruit raiser and was a blessing to
placer miners.
Feature of Red Men'3 Day t at the
State Fair Witnessed by a Large
. Gathering 1 in the
Pavilion.
Sppefal Dispatch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO. Sent. 5.-There war a
largely improved attendance at the Stata
Fair pavilion to-night and the thousands
of Sacramentans and visitors from other
localities expressed themselves as delight
ed with the attractions offered. The day
and night had been dedicated to the order
of Red Men and its auxiliary branch, the
Daughters of Pocahontas, and tho main
feature to-night at the pavilion was .«.
series of tableaux illustrative of the his
tory of the United States from the cay3
of the Indian occupancy and the landing
of the Pilgrim fathers and thence on to
the present time. The occasion called
forth the attendance of nearly every mem
ber of the Order of Red Men In Sacra
mento and the surrounding neighborhoods
and a pleasant reunion took place.
To-morrow will be given over to the
Order of the Maccabees, and they promlso
to make the event memorable In the his
tory of their organization.
This afternoon the bench show opened
with several hundred entries and many
of the finest bred dogs in the State wero
placed on exhibition.
The musical feature at the pavilion adds
greatly to the enjoyment of the visitors.
The display as a whole is most diversified
and very many of the most important In
dustries of the State are represented m
attractive exhibits In the vast exhibition
building. From now on a great attend
ance at both park and pavilion is assured.
AMERICAN HISTORY
TOLD IN TABLEAUX
Charles A. Erwin, Formerly of the
Eighth Volunteers, Weds Miss
Oceana Dillingham at
Benicia.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BENICIA. Sept. 5.— A pretty wedding
ceremony was performed at St. Paul's
Episcopal Church at noon to-day, the con
tracting parties being Miss Oceana H.
Dillingham and Charles Arthur Erwin.
Rev. J. H. Waterman officiated.
The bride was attended by Miss Carrie
Sutherland of San Francisco as maid of
honor; Misses Ria Weinmann, Elsio
Sleeper. Ida Cowley and May Sutherland
as bridesmaids and little Hazel Sleeper
as flower girl. The best man was Forest
E. Erwin of Red Bluff, brother of the
bridegroom. Messrs. Phil R. Weinmann.
J. A. McEwin. Theodore Bandell and
Philip Baker acted as ushers.
The bride Is the younge3t daughter of
the late Captain and Mrs. W. W. Dil
lingham ana was born in Benlcla. Dur
ing the Spanish-American war she was
an active member of the Red Cross So
ciety, and while In the discharge of these
duties she met Mr. Erwin, who was then
a member of the Eighth California Vol
unteers. Charles A. Erwin, formerly of
Red Bluff, has resided In Benlcla the past
eighteen months. Mr. and Mrs. Erwin
left on the afternoon train for a short
honeymoon In the southern part of the
State.
"WINS A SAi*' EAFAiX BELLE.
Oscar T. Sewall of New York Weds
Hiss Josie Crosby.
Special Dispatch to 'The Call-
SAN RAFAEL, Sept. 5.— Miss Josie
Crosby, one of San Rafael's charming so
ciety belles,, was united In marriage to
Oscar T. • Bewail at the home of her pa
rents in this city at 3 o'clock this after
noon. The wedding was private, and the
ceremony was performed by the bride's
father. Rev. Arthur Crosby, principal of
tho Mount Tamalpals Military Academy.
Mr. Sewall was attended by Warren
Dearborn of New York and the bride by
her sister. Miss Louise Crosby.
Mr. Sewall is the New York manager of
the shipping house of Williams. Dimoml
& Co. Miss Crosby was reared in this
city, where her beauty and talents have
won for her a host of friends. The cou
ple left immediately after the ceremony
for a short tour of the State, and In a
rew days they will depart for New York,
where their future home will be.
Fishburne-Toles Nuptials.
Special Dispatch to Tho Call.
SAN DIEGO, Sept. 5.— J. E. Fishburne.
for many years cashier of the First Na
tional Bank of this city and now vice
president of the Bank of California at
Los Angeles, and Miss Gertrude Toles, eld
est daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Jerry Tolerf
of this city, were married at noon to
day in the parlors at the residence of tht
bride's parents. Sixth and Maple streels..
Rev. E. K. Watson, pastor of the Knltar
ian church, ofilclated. Only the relatives
and intimate frionds were present.
WAB ROMANCE ENDS
IN WEDDING RITES
from six to ten feet high, the base often
consisting of three feet of lion, goat or
grifiln.
A3 the monastic establishments were
the workshops for all forms of medieval
art and as their best work was invariably
dedicated to the church it naturally fol
lowed that the goldsmith and other work
ers In metal made some of the finest
designs for lamps and candelabra to be
used in the service of the sanctuary.
Besides the necessary use of lamps in
subterranean churches and In the cata
combs, where rude vess.els of unglazed
pottery guided the early Christians to
their secret religious services, there was
always an oil lamp hung in the Roman
Catholic churches of Europe, indicative
of the presence of the Host in the taber
nacle upon the altar. For this purpose
every church was furnished with large
standing candlesticks or coronas for hold-
THE GOLDEN CANDLESTICK.
(From the Arch of Titus, Rome, 73
A. D.)
Awful Death of Head Machinist Rob
ert Staples at the Oxnard
Plant. ,
Special Dispatch to The Call.
VENTURA, Sept. 6.— Robert Staples of
Chino, the head machinist, was Instantly
killed In the Oxnard sugar factory late
yesterday afternoon. He was repairing
a mammoth idler of 1600 revolutions per
minute, when It suddenly started, crush-
Ing his head.
Staples was 35 years old. Ho leaves a
mother and brother In Chlno. Coroner
Reilly shipped the body to his home to
night.
INTERESTS THE COAST.
Postoffice Changes and List of Pen
sions Granted.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON,. Sept. 5.— Postmasters
commissioned— James E. Hall, Chowchil
la, Cal.; George A. Larrabee, Sara, Wash.
Rural free delivery will be established on
September 15 at Orange, Cal. The post
oilice at Villa Park, Orange County, Cal.,
will be discontinued. Mail should be sent
to Orange.
Pensions were Issued to-day as follows:
California: Increase— James Habarlln.
Veterans' Home, Napa, $10. Original
widow— Jennie Goodrich, Los Angeles, $8.
Washington: Reissue— Solomon R. Al
fred, Centralia, $6.
The Comptroller of Currency has au
thorized the organization of the First Na
tional Bank of San Pedro, Cal; capital
$25,000. ¦
FIRE IK A HOSPITAL.
Discipline and Courage of Nurses
Prevents Loss of Life.
PORTLAND, Or., Sept. 5.— Fire was dis
covered shortly after 11 o'clock this morn-
Ing In the roof of the Good Samaritan
Hospital, directly over the kitchen, which
is on the top floor. The structure Is a
large three-story frame building. For a
time after the discovery of the flames
there threatened to be serious loss of life.
Owing, however, to. the perfect discipline
and courage displayed by the nurses and
other hospital employes, assisted by many
persons who were In the vicinity, the pa
tients were all removed from the building.
The Fire Department soon gained control
of the flames. The property loss la nomi
nal.
Takes Overdose of Laudanum.
REDDING. Sept. 5.— Only lack of
knowledge of the^properties of laudanum
prevented Henry Ehrmann from now be
ing a subject for the Coroner. He. took
an overdose of the poison to-day and will
recover. Ehrmann Is a laborer at Paul
sen's ranch In Trinity County. The cause
of his rash act is said to be unrecipro
cated love.
THOUGHT THEIR FIND
WAS A SACK OF GOLD
Workmen Uncover Midwinter Fair
Souvenirs at the Bottom of
Lake Lagunitas.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAX RAFAEL, Sept. 5.— Pour men who
are taking advantage of the low water a\
this season in Lake Lagunltas to clear
the bottom of the lake, of rushes and
leaves yesterday thought that their for
tunes were made when they discovered
a sack of what appeared to be $20 gold
pieces among the rushes at the bottom of
ihe lake.
Thomas Hollomn was Industriously
mowing the rushes when his scytheblade
rang against something metallic. Upon
investigation it proved to be a salt sack
full of shining pieces similar in appear
ance to Uncle Sam's double eagles. The
heart of Holloran beat faster and he was
promptly joined by Lawrence Welch and
Jack O'Brien. The pack was removed to
the bank and its contents emptied Into a
bucket. The supposed coins proved to bo
brass souvenirs of the late Midwinter
Fair.
How and why the souvenirs came to be
planted in the lake will perhaps never be
known. From the appearance of some of
tjie pieces it would appear that a clumsy
attempt at milling and gold-plating had
been made. Several pieces of broken
plaster of paris were found on the bottom
near the sack and the theory here is that
some would-be counterfeiter, disgusted
with his workmanship, concluded to bury
the evidence of his wrongdoing in the
waters of the lake.
CRUSHED TO. DEATH
IN SUGAR FACTORY
is free from the fanciful ingenuity of the
designer. Far into the renaissance bronzo
candelabra were notable objects of art.
In the time of Louis XVI they were copied
in silver gilt, and classic imitations in
this same material were prominent in
Italy during the eighteenth century.
Different climatic conditions and differ
ent oils have necessitated great variety In
the construction ami decoration of lamps.
The limpid oils of the present day would
have solidified in the northern climates,
where whale and seal oils were the staple.
When these were superseded by vcgetablo
oils extracted from nuts and seeds a
change was made in the general design
of lamps, and when mineral oils, such a»
paraffin, petroleum and colza, were suc
cessfully used quite a revolution was ef
fected. Many oi the early brass and sil
ver lamps In the larger Roman Catholin
churches of Europe had the wicks on the
edge of the vessel in a groove or corruga
tion or spout made for the purpose. Th<>
Fame general principle was employed In
the construction of the lamps in th«
mosques of Damascus and Cairo, often
times made of splendid enameled glass or
Persian decorated pottery. Exquisitely
beautiful, too, were the Moorish hanging
lamps, made of pierced openwork In
bronze and bearing the date of the heglra.
To make the candle portable and to pro
tect it from draught and rain, the lan
tern was invented. Tradition ascribes tr»
Alfred the Great the invention of a cruilo
lantern clock. By protecting the candles
with thin pieces of horn he was enabled
to gauge thp hours by the time which the
candles took to burn. The word lantern,
however, ia of old Greek origin. The lar.
thorn mentioned by Shakespeare had ono
side shaded or smoked in order to conceal
the carrier. Architecturally, a lantern
was an invention of the renaissance, a
construction surmounting a dome as a
flnial and admitting liarht from th<=- sid^s.
the most celebrated being the great lan
tern of St. Peter's, designed by Michael
Angelo.
Tho more ornaf* form of lanterns, in th--»
modern acceptation of the word, are eas
ily akin to swinging metal lamps, ar.d. liko
their Oriental relatives, admit of rich ana
unique ornamentation. As a rule, how
ever, as the Inward mechanism of our
lighting apparatus has been perfected tho
decorative effect of the exterior has de
teriorated.
ROMAN BRONZE LAMP AND
STAND.
(Found in Pompeii.)
Former Chief of Police Brenning of
San Diego Returns From Daw
son With §20,000 as His
Season's Fronts.
«
Special DUsratch to The Call.
SEATTLE. Sept. 5.— News from Skag
uay by the steamer Humboldt, arriving
here to-day, tells of a rich placer strike
which has been just made on the head
waters of the Copper River. Two men
sluiced fourteen pounds of gold from one
of the claims in le?s than forty dayc.
They made the discovery on July 4 of
this year. During the next forty days
they got their lumber and carried it nine
miles to make the sluice boxes they used
in washing the gravel. At the end of
the forty days their food gave out and
they had to leave for the coast. They
will take in new Fupplies over the trail
from Valdez in winter.
The news of the strike has just been
received in Skaguay by way of the Forty-
Mile country. It was brought by 'Jeorge
Steel Smith, J. H. McCourt and others of
Forty-Mile. The news was carried to
them at Forty-Mile by Oscar Fish, the
mail carrier on the Valdez-Eagle trail.
Fish passed the new diggings while bring
ing the mail from Valdez through to the
Yukon at Eagle.
The exact location of the new strike Is
on the Chistochina River, one of the
northern tributaries and formative
branches of the Copper River. The clg
gings are 200 miles from Valdez and 240
miles from Eagle.
The Humboldt brought 143 passengers
and about $00,000 in Dawson gold. The
largest treasure holder is J. W. Brennlng.
Who had $20.(V«0. He was formerly Chief
of Police of San Diego. Cal.
REVERSES DECISION
OF JUDGE NOYES
TACOMA, Sept. 6.— In five cases involv
ing the title to and possession of the moat
Fourteen Pounds of Yellow Metal
Taken From a Claim in Forty
Days With Crude Outfit.
?
Miners Find Rich Pay Dirt
Two Hundred Miles
Prom Valdez.
GOLD STRIKES ON
HEADWATERS OF
COPPER RIVER
valuable mining claims in Nome, United
States Circuit Judge W. W. Morrow has
reversed the recently appointed District
Judge, A. H. Noyes; has reversed the re
ceiver. Alexander McKenzie. appointed by
Noyes: has granted an appeal from the
order appointing the *-eceiver and has di
rected that until the matters at issue be
decided there shall be no interference on
the part of the court in Alaska or its ap
pointees.
The attorneys representing the men
who applied to Judge Morrow for theiu
orders make charges to the effect that a
big political conspiracy has been formed,
with McKenzie as the center, to gain
control of valuable mining property at
Nome. The action before Judge Morrow
was brought on an appeal from the judg
ment of Hume as Deputy United States
District Attorney and McKenzie as re
ceiver.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
SEATTLE. Sept. 5.— The miners of the Porcupine district, Alaska, have received from Secretary of State Hay definite
assurance that "this Government foregoes no part of its right and power to protect Its citizens in the Porcupine
Creek region, whether they be temporarily within American or British jurisdiction, In the full enjoyment of all rights
and privileges which they had before the modus vlvendi was concluded, and to see that their freedom of access and
exit, with their goods, is not unreasonably impeded."
This announcement is the result of the petition to President McKlnley from 140 American miners in the Porcupine
country, who complained of being brought within the territory and under the laws of the Dominion of Canada, and es
pecially protested against the location of the boundary line along the Kiehini River, by which American mrners were
forced to enter British territory In carrying supplies to their camps. Secretary Hay discusses the proposition at length.
He assures the miners that the modus Vivendi is merely a temporary proposition, to be abrogated without prejudice to
cither party when a permanent settlement of the boundary is decided upon; that in the meantime the rights of all miners
temporarily within the Canadian control will be religiously protected, and that miners desiring to carry goods through the
disputed territory will be permitted to do bo without interference from the Canadian customs officials.
Mr. Hay goes on to say that the argument of statements presented in the petition were fully discussed, and the circum
stance that the negotiation of a modus vlvendi was prolonged for two years before an agreement was reached was due to
the Insistence of this Government that no solution was admissible which should not recognize and guard all rights and
privileges gained by the American miners and other citizens who had ssttled in the disputed territory. He says:
I Inclose for your information a copy of modus vlvendi of October 20, 1899. I beg you to observe:
First— That the arran=oment Js provisional merely and without prejudice to the claims of either party In the permanent adjust
ment cf the international boundary. .¦;-' ¦.¦,;-'
Second— That the inconvenience of a provisional line crossing and recrossing the shifting waterway is foreseen and expressly
provided for by the agreement that persons proceeding to or from Porcupine Creek shall be freely permitted to follow the trail between
the Eald creek and the said Junction of the rivers OCieheni and Chllkat) Into and across the territory on the Canadian side of the tem
porary line, whenever the trail crosses to such side, and subject to such reasonable regulations for the protection of the revenue as
the Canadian Government may prescribe, to carry with them over such part or carts of the trail between the said points as may
lie on the Canadian side of the temporary line such goods and articles as they desire without beinsr required to pay. any customs
duties on such coods and articles. ¦ .
Third— And most imix>rtant in Its relation to the grounds of your protest, that It Is stipulated that the citizens or subjects of
either power found by this agreement within the temporary jurisdiction of the other shall suffer no diminution of their rights and
privileges which they now enjoy.
In closing Secretary Hay says:
The rights of the United States in the matter of the treaty boundary are absolutely Intact, and their assertion In due time will
be earnest and thorough.
MURDERS MAY
HATE FOLLOWED
DRUNKEN ROW
Neighbor of Hans Ras
mussen and William
Taylor Suspected.
Revenge the Probable Motive for
the Double Crime Committed
Near Folsom.
Sheriff Johnson Amused by a Lurid
Tale of Some "Mysterious Man,
Manifestly Insane," Seen Near
the Ranchers' Cabins.
facial Dlsjatch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO. Sept. 5.— Sheriff John
son, who has complete charge of the in
vestigation into the sensational Folsom
murders, reported to-night to The Call
correspondent that there were absolutely
no developments touching the motive or
identity of the assassin.
The Sheriff was amused at a story which
appeared in a Snn F"rancisco newspaper
to-rlay about some "mysterious man,
manifestly insane," wandering on a road
near Folsom without shoes and wrapped
in a quilt, and with an ominou3 dirk se
cured to his waist.
"As a matter of fact," said Sheriff John
son. "I heard of this man being seen and
had one of my deputies look him up. He
was found to be a hobo, who had taken
off his shoes in order to wash his feet.
This was on Tuesday, nearly a week after
the murders. "
The tield for speculation as to who mur
dered Hans Rasmupsen and "William Tay
lor in their lonely and far-separated
abodes is practically limitless, but all the
theories advanced do not avail to clarify
the perplexing mystery. No man knows
more about the investigation than Sheriff
Johnson, but that official ia unwilling to
commit himself unequivocally to an ex
planation of the crimes. As has been said
in The Call, the most definite statement
that can be made in the case la that the
double crime bears every evidence of hav
ing been committed by pome one not only
well acqualntei with the lay of the coun
try, hut having a thorough personal fa
miliarity with the premises occupied by
the victims. The thought that robbery
was contemplated is not to be considered
for a moment. Nothing was disturbed at
either house, though the isolation of both
would have permitted of their being ran
sacked without fear of Interruption.
The suicide theory Is equally as absurd.
The number and location of the wounds
and the absence of weapons remove all
likelihood of self-murder. There remains
the single motive — revenge.
Both men were given to the use of
liquor. AVhen last seen alive in the town
of Folsom. three mlle,s away, they were
Indulging in liquor. One of them pur
chased and carried away a bottle of
whisky. It Is not hard to believe that
while in this condition one of the men
quarreled with a third person, who may or
may not have been under the influence
of liquor also; that this third person
killed Rasmussen. and afterward, to in
sure his own safety, took the life of the
only witness to the deed, Taylor.
It may be said at this time that one
man is suspected of the crime, that he
lives in the locality of the murders ana
¦ that he will be watched. To cause an ar
rest at this time in the absence of rea
sonable evidence would be foolish, and
Sheriff Johnson will not act hastily. The
scene of the murders is not a place visitea
by strollers through the country, and this
fact tends somewhat to confirm the belief
that the murderer, whoever he Is. does not
live very far distant from the scene of hla
crimes.
SUSPECTS ARRESTED.
Alleged Slayers of Indian Louis
Ochoa Now Behind Prison Bars.
Specml Dispatch to The Call.
SAN DIEGO. Sept. 5.— Deputy Sheriff
Jennings, who has gone to Bear Valley to
Investigate the rumor of the finding: of
the body of an Indian on the road, re
ports that the story 13 correct, save -that
the Indian, whose name was Louis
Ochoa, was choked to death, Instead of
having his head crushed, as at first re
ported. Ochoa, who was about 45 years
of age. belonged to the La Jolla Indian
Reservation, which la at the foot of
Smith Mountain on this side. He was
Been near the James Brundson v place In
Bear Valley in the evening with Mataho
Sublsh and his son, both of whom are La
Jolla Indians. They were quarreling: anil
the next morning Mr. Risdon found
Ochoa lying dead in the road. The In
dian police arrested Sublsh and his son.
Present Boundary Only Temporary and Interfereece
With Americans by Canadian Customs Offi
cials Will Not Be Tolerated,
BY MARGARET AINSLEE,
It is a far cry from the most primitive !
form of lamp— skulls of animals in which j
fat was burned— to the modern electric >
light, yet while the recent contrivance un- '.
doubtedly holds the palm as an Uluminant i
Its dazzling glare lacks, utterly the sub- j
duing poetic effect vested in the older
fashioned light-giver:^. More romantic
than the skull lamp was the primeval I
seashell, and to this day* the variety of j
shell known as the "roaring buckie" 13 j
suspended as a lamp in many a northern j
peasant's cottage. The artistic possibili
ties of the hanging shell appealed to the
early Greeks and Romans, who copied it
in bronze and precious metals for their
lamps called "lucernae." At first these
"lucernae" were made, of the commonest
pottery, with but one wickhole. So
feeble was the light emitted by the flax
tow or other vegetable fiber used as wicka
that their number was Increased so that
as many as twelve wicks" frequently con
tributed to the lamp's light-giving power.
The Romans observe! the custom of ex
changing New Year's gifts— small coins
for good luck or honeycomb as an em
blem of sweetness; but the favorite gift
was a golden or bronze lamp, which by us
richness or novelty should commend itself
to the recipient/ Consequently neither
expense nor Ingenuity was spared In the
search for unique "lucernae." The mus
eums are rilled with rare iUruscan iamp-s
of bronze, richly adorned with relief
sculpture. From the excavations at Her
culaneum and Pompeii we find lamps even
more delicate and tasteful than the Etrus
can specimens. Some were tall and state
ly, reminding us In general proportion of
the piano lamp, which we fondly imagine
a recent institution. Among the wealthy
Romans, the lamp gentrally hung from or
rested upon the candelabrum, and hardly
any articles of furniture were more beau
tifully wrought than these Roman lamp
stands. They were generally of architec
tural design, columnar in form, quaintly
and elegantly carved Jn marble. They
usually stood on the ground and weie
HISTORIC STUDIES IN HOW\E FURMSHING.
Cnntcrr.pr.rary with this twelfth-century
masterpiece, and like It bearing the un
mistakable stamp of Oothle ornamenta
tion. |a the celebrated Gloucester car.dlo
stiok. now In the Kensington museum.
Intricacy of design seems to have been
such a desideratum that the result Is a
study In overelaboratlon: indeed, not th*
smallest space on this famous candlestick
Ing lights, ono of the most important
beir.p the scvi?n-branche<l candlestick of
the Milan cathedral. Fashioned of gilt
bronze, it stands fourteen feet high.
From the base — four-winded dragons wit^i
voluted tails. Interspaced with elaborate
scrollwork of symbolical subjects— ri.--e<*
a central stem from which spring three
pairs of graceful branches to hold the
lights.
THE CALL'S
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
LAMPS, LANTERNS AND CANDELABRA.
Copyright, 1900, by Seymour Eaton.
HAY ASSURES PORCUPINE
MINERS OF PROTECTION
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 6, 1900.
SAN "RAFAEL. Sept. 5.— At a meeting of th»
City Trustees last night It was decided to pur
chase a site for the proposed new municipal
bulldinsr. The one selected' Is owned by Mrs. M.
H. Jenks, at the corner of A street and Fifth
avenue, and opposite the Courthouse.
KENTUCKY CO. NUMBERS.
VIII.
7
ADVERTISEMENTS.
What a luxury Pears',,
soap is!
It is the cheapest and
best toilet soap in all the
world.
All torts of people use it, all aorta of store*
sell it, especially druggists.
/v7^sTg. w.
H and X. D. O. W. Emblematic Cards, m
All new and original designs. 100 Carls m
with your Name, Parlor and Residence U ,
printed on. 75c. Send for samcles 1 . VJ
r THE GABRIEL PRINTING CO., |
4tt Sacramento street. Pan Francisco. «
DR. CROSSMAN'S SPECIFIC MIXTURE
For the cure of GONORHHOEA. GI.EET3.
STKICTURRS and anaUgous compUlaU ut itu
Organs of Generation.
1-rico SI a bctue. For ¦*!« tj dru#«_ t_
ADVERTISEMENTS.
I WHEN YOU 'ORDER
1 Baker's Chocolate
or Baker's G>cog
t EXAMINE THE PACK-
AGE YOU RECEIVE
AND MAKE SURE
THAT IT BEARS OUR
TRADE-MARK. .
"La Belle
Chocolatiere"
UixJtr the decUtocsof tbe U. S. Cwirt* ns otl«tr
CMcclrt cr Cocoa Is est&ed to b* libelled or
told ai " Eakar't Choeo_le"or" Baler** Cocoa." i
Waiter Baker & Co. Limited!
Esta>l:sw2di;&x
DORCHESTER - i MASS.
Ubcjperf<jctioh6f/
BDTTLhUj J iE DjIflLLERY
" PURE-At_EQjWTOLE5aME .
Vse&in/teMetfca/Depdrtme/Jh of tbe
U.S. ARMY SNAVY Service
WiLUAKi Wolff $ co.
T SAN fRANCISCO, DISTRIBUTORS.
Sewortof/mfotiom 9>> rtjilleo 'Bottles. '
4 AMUSEMENTS.
TIIE BEST THAT VAUDEVILLE AFFORDS.
HOWE. WALL AND WALTERS.
Gertrude Mansfield an1 Gary! Wilbur.
Westoan and Wren. Frances Keppler.
THE YOSCARY TROUPE.
Lavender and Thomson.
Mr. and Mrs. Tobin.
LEW HAWKINS.
flMERICAN B1OGRAPH.
RwerveiS Feats. Kc; Balcony, 10c; Oj*rm
Chain and Box Seats. 60c
JESSIE DAVIS.
SPECIAL JUBILEE MATINEES
Friday, Bept. 7. and Saturday. Pun4ay. Mon-
day, Tuesday and Wednesday Following.
GRAND OPERA. HOUSE
MATINEES BATTRDAT. PTTNDAY, MONDAY
_:.i TUESDAY.
Lart Werk of WILTON I.ACKATE.
LAFT NIGHT OF
JTHILDREN of THE GHETTO
T: i. MORROW Evening ar.d Balance of Week,
"TRILBY/'
Ccmner.dr.f Monday Evening— "QUO VADIS."
EVENING TRICES— 10c. X5c. 15c. 50c: a few
Front Bomt la Orchestra, 75c. MATINEE
Vl\lC1Z>— I'c. ViT. 2lc. U<c (no hither).
Br&oefa Ticket Offic*. Emporium.
EVERT NIGHT. INCLUDING P"NDAY.
MATINEES WEDNESDAY AND SATURDAY, j
CLAY L. IL
CLEMENT and STOCKWELL.
Ard n Fircr.g Company In an Adaptation of j
Charles DJek«*M' and Wllkl* Collins*
• NO THOnOlCHFAnE,"
A GREAT OBSTACLE
N»>xt ffwk- l>pir.n'.r.R With Monday Mat'.ne*.
••THE NEW liOBIINION."
HOLIDAY MATINrr.P MONDAY AND
TUESDAY.
t PRICES $1. 75c. EOc. S5c and i'.r.
BOX AND L/>OE FEAT? _. tl 30
...:. ... ¦ _T***' «^C» »•
TWO ENORMOUS OPERATIC TRIUMPHS!
TO-NIGHT. BCNDAT NIGHT. PAT. MAT..
Blzet'a iTi-ir.ortal Work.
"CARMEN."
a PRIDAT AND SATURDAY NIGHTS,
M Verdi's Gr^ai Trapie Op*ra.
"ERNANI."
NEXT WEEK— EVERY EVEMVG,
"Caia'lsna" anj "Pagiiaccl."
POPULAR PRICES lie and EOc
Tf>i.n-,n», Bu*h 9.
—
THIS WEEK ONLT.
MATINEES SATURDAY and SUNDAY.
Beautiful, Costly Pr>*uet!oT_,
"The Masqueraders"
NEXT WE Ik-
extra StATIXEES MONPAT and TUES- j
DAY. So:,t. W-1L.
SEATS NOW READT.
THE GIRL i LEFT BEHIND ME. I
|
CLYMFIA £?Z\,U'6» !
THE ONLY FSItE VACPEVUXC SHOW IX j
THE OTY.
The Nlr.th Series of
PROFCSSOfl CONfl ADI'S
LIV NG STATUARY!
JCbtMs'f UY* It Ever !n Frisco.
First Arpeararc* of
THE MORGANS,
CcT.cdy Sketch Artists.
LAST WEEK of
KALACRATUS.
Th* Kir.* of Nrvelty Juggler*.
An-5 Our ¦Kl.ri'nATKP STOCK COMPANY".
AMAT_t:i't NIGHT EVEUT FRIDAY.
ADMISSION FREE.
TO-MGHT ftTft'f_^r*^ r «^ Portrait of
Olympic Club §*l£P|| %t*™
s^iljjJ-j
AND NI'JHTLY _t S:C5 SHARP.
PAIN'S 81000 FIREWORKS!
Tc-niorrow-CHILDHEN'S NIGHT!
Folsom antf Sixteenth Sts. Gronnds.
SEATS FOR 10.000.
Seats. I'jC ami X^c; Reserved. VCe and SI. I
Children, this n«k on!y. I5c and 25c.
-•¦.-.*¦ end IV.XC-* at JSherman & Clay's.
FISCHER'S co^. R .L»o° USE -
O!!vo Vatl. Amr.s C. Cain. Anns. MiHfr. Hor-
stee Har.ns, TrarJ Hlckrr ian. Dutch Walton.
Howard & Carrrbell ar.d New Moving Pictures.
Reserved £cats. C'-c ; Matinee Sunday.
A ADVERTISEMENTS.
Anheuser-Busch Bottled Beers
are without a peer —
<agg^ S JSS BudweiSer, "TheOr!_lntr
¦^tj$^V lV\ X/^t?^?^* Black & Tan, "The American Porter*!
Anheuser-Standard
V ™ Vl^\ y^"^ Exquisite, M Ara-ric«n Pilsener"
The materials used for these brews are the
very best obtainable. "Not How Cheap ;
but How Good" is the motto of the
Anheuser-Busch Brewing Ass'n
St. Louis, U. S. A.
-. g the famous food-drink that physicians recom-
*///** ff7'<mfVfM-farm+0 men d to nursing mothers, the convalescent,
*rflfi4&&/&/ flliA/li/nfy the aged, the feeble, is made by this association.
AMUSEMENTS. j
EJ<5y end Jones sts Phone South 770 '
•"Chrlitle Pull 'em Down." Opening of th» |
regular season. TO-NIGHT— Every evening.
Matinees Saturday and Sunday. Special mat-
inee Tuesday. September 11. Magnificent
spectacular revh-al of the, nautical, farcical
success,
FERRIS HARTMAN
And a treat cast. Attractive chorus of 50 sing- j
Ing voices. Elaborate costumes— magnificent i
etape eottiiyjs. i;p to the moment. Seats now :
ready— 15c. £5c. 25c, 50c.
CHUTES^ and ZOO
EVERT AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
BIG VAUDEVILLE SHOW!
SEABURY7iii£h Diver.
SPECIAL
THE AMATEURS I
In Their Latest Novelty, j
"FUN OIS A FARM." j
Saturday Niqjit^ubilee Cakewalk !
Telephone for Seats, Park 23,
f\l^Tf\ THEATER.
1CS Grove Street. Phone South 324.
TO-NIGHT, all this week, with matinees |
Saturday and Sunday. First time on any
stage— CAPTAIN JACK CRAWFORD'S great
Border lirama. Illustrating his life on the
frontier, entitled, •"OX— THE— TRAIL.."
General Ehafter has loaned Capt. Crawford '
four of the Government's greatest scouts, who
are now en route to Chlr.a. Besides a strong
cast there will Indians. Cowboys. Packmules. ;
etc. Prices. 10c, 20c. 30. NEXT — "Bottom of ;
the Sea." j
SUTRO BrtTHS.
OPEN NIGHTS.
Open daily from 7 a. m. to 11 p. m.
Bathing from 7 a, m. to 10 p. m. •
j ADMISSION JOc. CHILDREN. 5e. :
j Bathinc. Incinc^nx admi*»lon. 25c: Children. 20c.
! «-O-»O-*-0-*-O-*-O«-0-*-O«-0-»-~0-»-0*-0-«-0'* I
¦ f i
o X j
f5S7 isa
© m Natural MineraI Wat8r I
4 F<<*A known for centuries and 4
0 iigSSSL Imported q i
£ A|^R ONLY IN BOTTLES. J
X «i^vi$( F °r Disordersd Stsmach ?
? IfeJM End inii s e8ti ° a ?
?22^==»It3 Tnlua has been testi- O
rSs^USg fled to by thousands. ? j
1 VICHY So.colled Vichy In Sy- J
*¦* w '!^g^T* phons ?
o I^Pl IS N0T VICHY> a
? '^SqTjg Get tho Genuine. J
?_£?*? ri=>:£_]5 Your rhrrician O
yJvSfMEf *'" recommend it. ?
? J
e) A n SJ MnEfl Sfl _rfS3 B DmE- iS
\ PALACE HOTEL
It Is universally acknowledged that theeo
hotels possess the attribute* that appeal
to particular people— undoubted luxury and
comfort, culslna and aervlca
and superior appointments and location.
Connected by a covered passageway and
operated under one management on th«
American and European plans.
GRAND HOTEL
Dft. BENNETT'S ELECTRIC BELT
Makes weak men and women Btrong and
Ftror.R men end women stroncer. Adress 47
POST J?T.. rooms C and 6. San Francisco. Cul.
I ' ¦
Hitchcock School,
6AN RAFAEL. CAL..
FOR YOUNG MEN AND BOYS.
Srparat* Koomi. Ujmnamlum. Military Dni*»
BtQa
CHRISTMAS TERM BEGINS AUGT7RT 14TIL
REV. C. HITCHCOCK. Principal.
TRINITY SCHOOLS
It Jx desired to correct an erroneous Impres-
*lon that Trinity School has been discontinued.
It will open ob usual MONDAY. August C.
Only boys of cuod moral character are taken.
G. S. MEAD, I2C3 Central are.
POLYTECHNIC gggffilg?
Has tbe larcest and best equipped departments
In tbe West. Krtular business and shorthand
course. Students may enter at any time. All
graduate* In mponslble potlticno. Fret cat*-
lecue. Oakland. CtL100 Andes 07; 6C0 Mexican K
600 Best & Belcher 2s| 600 Mexican . ' 27
£0rt Best & Belcher 27 3fO Ophlr "* 47
lfO Caledonia 4."> 500 Overman .. io
200 Ccn Ca! & Va..l 25 50 Silver Hill . 4.1
lOOo Excheeiuer 02 400 Union Con .... is
404.1 Gould & Curry 19
The followlns were the sales in the Pacific
Stock Exchange yesterday:
Mornlns Session.
400 Belcher 11! mo Ophir 41
6fO Best & Belcher 3m; 300 Overman "" in
-300 Best & B«-lcher *>] 30O Overman 11
300 Chollar 21 ! 600 sierra Nevada" 10
600 Gould & Curry 19 MO Silver Hill ' 4'
1100 Gould & Curry '-1; 200 Silver Hill ' ' 4?
500 Hale & Norc... 2ii
Afternoon Session.
f.0O Best & Belcher 2S Jiio Mexican 2
700 Con Cal & V.I 22>j 200 Mexican "' " >S
2C0 Con Cal & Va..l 20 iuO Ophir """"¦" T
1100 Gould & Curry W 1000 Potosl '. >o
400 Hale & Norc... 21 "****-
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
WEDNESDAY. Sept. 5-4 p m.
Ainh* Bi M AS fU! r Eld.Ask.
AI Pha 03 0..' Justice 02 03
Alta 02 i3Kcmurk ... ' _ O l
Andes C6 0a Lady Wash .... — 03
« elC . h # r «••,•;;•• 22 «j Mexican 26 27
Hesjt & Pelcher 27 2s ! Occidental 09 11
Bullion 02 04 Ophlr .. 45 46
Caledonia 43 47 Overman 10 11
foliar 20 22 PotoeJ 20 21
Challenge Con.. IS 13 Savage 03 10
Confidence 60 65 Scorpion — 02
Con Cal & Va..l 20 1 2i Se« Belcher 02 03
Con Imperial... 01 02 Sierra Nevada. 30 31
Con New York — 02 Silver Hill 43 44
Kareka Con ... — 43 St Louis .... 11 —
Crown Point 11 13 Standard 4 00 —
Exchequer 01 03 Syndicate — 07
Gould & Curry 20 21 Union Con .... IS 19
Hale & Norc... !4 25 Utah 03 05
Julia — 04 Yellow Jacket.. 20 21
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographlc Office. U. S. X.. Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco. Cal..
September 5. 1900.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
I. e.. at noon of the 120th meridian, or at 8
o'clock p. m., Greenwich time.
C. O. CALKINS.
Lieutenant Commander. C S. N.. In charge.
London Market.
NEW YORK. Sept. fi.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says-
Buslneea was better In the markets here to
day; the tone was good and there was con
siderable closing of bear accounts. Americans
were active and quite strong on provincial and
Berlin buying. Inspired by the figures of the
vote in Vermont. New York supplied stock at
NEW YORK, Sept. 5.— The day In the New
York Cotton Exchange was characterized by
terrific bull speculation, a wild stampede of
shorts and violent fluctuations. Not since the
great effort made last spring to corner the
summer months, which. It will be remembered
proved a disastrous failure, hux th'e market
been so active or have the prices advanced wltl
equal rapidity. The start was 5 to 18 points
above yesterday's closing and was entirely in
response to a large bulge In the Liverpool mar
ket. It gradually developed that European
eplnnern were In desperate straits for raw cot
ton and that shorts were In a precarious con-
New York Cotton Market.
Rockies, decrease, 2, 26G, COO bushels.
Oats, United States and Canada, east of the
Rockies, increase, 1,658,000 bushels.
Wheat. United States and Canada, east of
the Rockies, increase, 1.045.000 bushels; afloat
for and in Europe, increase. 1,700.000 bushela
total supply, increase, 2.745.000 bushels. '
Corn, United States and Canada, east of the
NEW YORK. Sept. 5.— Special telegraphic
and cable dispatches to Bradstreet'B show th-->
following changes In available suppliea since
last account:
Available Supplies of Grain
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat- sept. j^
Opening 6 %
Closing 5U 5 *J
PARIS.
AiS2it!t t ~ , S * pt - Jnn-Apl.
Opening 20 05 *»i so
Closing .* 20 10 2185
Flour-
Opening 26 03 28 15
Closing 26 15 28 25
Teed, ~i<j<U12\t,c for No. 1 and C^'MiC for off
grades; Brewing and Shipping grades, 77HQi
ICI'/tc; Chevalier, nominal.
CALL BOARD , SALES.
Informal Session — December— 2000 ctls, 74V&C.
Second Session — No sales.
• Regular Morning Session— December— 10,000
ctls, 74%c; 2CC0, "tiVzc: 2C00, .74%c.
Afternoon Session— December— SOOO ctls. 74-£c.
OATS — Continue ejulet at unchanged prices.
White. $1 15©1 30; Surprise. $1 nr/.il 40; Ked.
Jl 10<sri 20; Gray, Jl 10©l 20; Black, for feed,
$1 1WH ID: for seed. $1 13(& L 20 per ctl.
CORN— Two cars of choice Eastern large yel
low came in and sold at Jl 22Vi per ctl. No
other lota In the market worth quoting.
RYE- SiV-ffJSOc per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— Nominal.
Flour and Millstuffs.
FLOUR— California Family Extras, $3 60®
3 75. usual terms; Bakers' Extras, J3 40@3 50;
Oregon and Washington, $2 75©3 10 per barrel
for family and J3 15^3 50 for bakers 1 ; Eastern,
J4 7&G5 75 per barrel. - ,
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the. trade: Graham
Flour, J3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75; Rye
Meal. $2 50; Rice Flour. $7; Corn Meal, $2 75;
extra cream do. $2 50: Oat Groats. $4 50; Hom
iny. $3 50<i?3 75: Buckwheat Flour. JlfftlV.;
Cracked "Wheat, J3 50; Farina, J4 50; Whole
BARLEY— The market was rather steadier
on call, and sellers In the open market re
ported more tone, though there was no Im
provement in the demand.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— No sales.
Second Session— December— 10,000 ctls, %l 00%.
Regular Morning Session— December— 2C00 ctls,
$110: soco. fi 09%: 4000. $1 os^i.
Afternoon Session — December — 10,000 ctls.
J1OSH; 2000, $1 CS'tt. May— 2000, Jl 14%; 4000.
H 14»A.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Chicago was depressed by foreign advices.
Local bears pressed the market, speculative
support was disappointing and the demand for
export was very moderate. The weather In the
Northwest was unsettled, but seventy-five loads
were taken there for export. The movement
In the Southwest decreased. The feeling to
ward the close was firmer, the crowd being
oversold. Holders of Corn seemed more dis
posed to sel!.
The local market showed no chance worthy
of note.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, Jl 05; Milling, Jl 07Vi
01 10. .' "
WHEAT- Liverpool was lower. New York
declined at the opening, but recovered some
what.
Wheat and Other Grains.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — $4 81H
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 SS
Sterling Cables — < S3
New York Exchange., sight — O.>
New York Kxchansc, tclusraphlc — 07Vi
Fine Silver, per ounce — 62*»
Mexican Dollars, nominal «% @ a0> 2
Exchange and Bullion.
Nczv York Stock Market.
NET\- YORK. Pert. 5.— By contrast with the
r«-cent dead level of apathy to-day's trading
In stocks seemed like positive animation. The
aggregate of dealings was considerably larger
then for some time past und the total was
not made up with an overwhelming preponder
ance of trading In one or two stocks. Sugar.
People's Gas and Brooklyn Transit all con
tinued fairly prominent, but there was a
irarked increase of Interest in railroad Mocks
and the rural»r of shares of some of the ln-
Oli'idual stocks compared favorably with the
totals of the speculative favorites amng the
Industrials. Then- was irregularity in the
Sujrar as a rule moving up. while?
Po*nile's <1as was enjng down and Supar r»-
actins as fVopie's <ian recovered. Both stocks
were largely dea.ll in both above and below
the last night's level. Sugar closed with .1
net loss of l'». People's Gas closed with a
net gain of V There was .-arlv strength 111
tome of the Iron and steel stocks, but thr-i
f-ajrjred away lr tlie late dealings. sf-eminKlV
under the apprehension that t'»-morrowV Trade
Review mlffbt have simething unfavorable t'>
eay. The oaiise of the <irop in the laiiroa^l
Ftj^ks was not very clear, but there was a raai
lf*-st ae^fFion of coriidence on the part of the
riullf=. J^alinjr^ were SarReiy iirofessional, but
t»>»-re was l.uying <m a laritp K-ale in a num
\?:T of stock?, individual transactions running
up to 2000 share* in some <ai<e8. St. Paul.
irnion Pacific. Ctenpteka .and (ihlo. .m talk
of a dividend; Southern l'arific and L->u1nvilI«
tts inception In London and That center bought
quite freely of vailous internationals. Buy
in? by l«»ral operators was based In part on
the expectation that the demand would con
tinue. Sentiment at that r-er.ter l» tlearly
much more clverful iir.d ur.fvlne«<? over the
motity n:arket ••'¦••mB to be much rib.ite<i. The
MtUement of the English jnilroad strike, the
belief that the war in .South Africa is near
ing Its termination nnd a hopeful view of the
Chinese situation all helped the market and
operators there Interpreted th" election in Ver
mont ufc favnr.i»)le to hiithrr i»rl<-es. 5t. Paul't
notable lncrrast in earnings fur the fourth
nrek In Auguft attracted buying here at-d
there was a larg<- demand for the other granger
¦,-.,.' from Wei torn eources. said to I* from
the short account and to b-» lndu'-ed t>v tht
faronMe weekly crop nummary of the weather
bureau. The Mrength in London was paid to
!«• due in pert to the e::;>ectation of the re
ceipt* of gold from New York, but this <ild
iK.t hurt the New York market. With tlis
surplus rc»crv«i of New York banks at over
S27.O00,*00 «-lth pold being constantly received
from Australia and from the Klondike ati<l
with the demand for money from the interior
r-onilr.uirig unusually light there Is no im
mediate apprehension over the local money
market. Hkbi prices were not znalntaJxied and
the market closed heavy "at only fractional net
gains.
Bu*i!iess was better In bonds, but some ir
regulJirity continued. Total eales. par value.
jt-c-.'-'m.
rnited States eld 4« and :* (coupon) ad
vanced ',i In the bid price.
NEV.' YORK STOCK LIST.
Pharet Clogin*
Sold. Stock- Bid.
B.26« Atchlaon 2SU
".Sirt Atchison prefd - "I 1 *
5.3iiO Haliimore & Ohio 72S
Canadian Pacific t)
''.:'i.-,'!.i Southern *<
S-' 4 •¦. Chesapeake & Ohio 2*T6
XOO Chicaeo Great Western 10T»
EASTERN MARKETS.
Continued on Vage Eleven.
Stmr Pomona, Shea. Eureka: Goodall, Per
kins & Co.
Stmr Marlpoaa, Rennle. Honolulu and Syd
ney; J D Spreckels & Br<".3 Co.
Nor stmr Titanla. Gulliksen. Nanalaio; Joha
Rosenfeld's Sons. ,
Br stmr Victoria. Blakey. Chemainus; R,
Dunsmrlr's Sons Co. , .. _..
Schr C T HIM, Ltndahl. Kodiak; North Am
Com Co.
SAILED.
Wednesday. September S.
Stmr Washtenaw. ZoII'.nc. Taroma.
Stmr Columbia. Poran. Astoria.
Stmr Pomona. Shea. Eur?Ka.
Stmr Sunol. Green. Eureka.
Nor stmr Tltaala, C.ulliksen. Nanaimo.
Br shlp^ Sir Robert Fornie. Cannon. Queens
tO^'h'r Mar- EtM Andrrs-on. Bowens Landin?.
Schr Chai R W Won. Johnson. Grays Harbor.
S^hr Commero;. lL nuten S r.hn. Port Blakeley.
TKLK^RAPHIC.
POINT LOBO6. Sept '¦ 1» P m— Weather
C-VJinaNW.^^ miles.
An«- 7 Iat 36 S. l° n 3* '^ : — Gor ship Renes
Rlckmer- from Chemmtnai. for Hull.
Klc DOMESTIC PORTS.
GREENWOOD-Arrived Sept Alca-
Za pbRT nC TOWNSr:NP-Pa5S f d up Sept 5-Schr
Frlc for • <"hil bark Sulltelma. for .
Sailed Sept 5— Nor bark Passepartout, for
SJ SEATTLE— Sailed Sept 4-Stmr City of Se
• "SlV'S t Humboldt. from Skag
11 iv- Oer ship Rode-ntek. from Hamburff.
™COOS BAT— Sailed Sept 4— Stmr Empire, for
Sept 4-Stmr W It
Kru"er hence Sept 2.
KUREKA— Saile.1 Sept 5— Stmr laqua. for
Pan Francisco; stmrs Empire and Kureka. for
Qin Krancisco.
" ASTORIA-Salled Sept 5— Stmr State of Cali
fornia for San Francisco.
SAN DIEGO— Sailed Sept 5— U S itmr Farra
etit* for : »chr Maxim, for Eureka.
BOWENS LANDING— Sailed Sept »— Schr
Bender Brothers, for San Francisco.
POINT REYES— Passed Sept 5. 3 p m— Ship
Glory of the Seas, from Comox. for San Fran
cisco. .
EASTERN PORTS.
NEW YORK— Arrived Sept 4— Stmr Advance.
from Colon.
NORFOLK— Cleared Sept 4-»-Br stmr Emir.
for Manila. '0
FOREIGN PORTS.
SANTA ROSALIA— Sailed Aug 17— Gcr shic
Omeea. for Caleta Buena.
NAGASAKI— Sailed Aug 30— Ger ship Paul
Rickmrrs, for Pusret Sound.
In port July 16- nr ship Marathon, for —V
YOKOHAMA— Arrived Sept 3— Br stmr A ¦
press of Jai an. from Vancouver.
ST VINCENT— Arrived Aug 1«— Ger stmr Isi3.
from Hamburg, for San Francisco.
HONGKONG— In port Aus Ger ship Peter
Rlckmers, for .
CLEAREP
Wednesday. September 3.
Stmr Alex Duncan, Guthrle. 154 hours from
Mnrs Landlnr-
Stmr Fulton. Duggan. 74 hours from Port
land, via Astoria 64 hnurs.
Stmr Geo Lx>mls. Bridgett. 34 hours from
Ventura.
Stmr Navarro. Jensen. 20 hour* from Usal.
Br stmr Bristol, Mclntyre, 54 hours from
Chemainus.
Ship A 3 Fuller. Dermot. 8 days from Seattle.
Fiark Alden Besse. Potter, 24 days from Hono
lulu.
Fr bark Anjour. Creuver, 33 days from Hako
date.
Brig W G Irwin. Garthley, 53 days from
Nome, via Seattle IS days, via Roche Harbor
7 flars.
Schr Beulah. Mitchell. 13 days from Kla
wack.
Schr Nettie Pundborjr, Anderson. 50 hours
from Bower.* Landing.
Schr Five Brothers. Jensen. 13 hours from
Blhlers Point.
Schr Corinthian, Korth, 24 hours from BowjT*
Landing. W
Schr Fortuna, Luber?:, 4 days from AIMeA
Schr Herman. Thunell. 18 day9 from Kodlak.
via Kayak 14 days.
Schr Ralph J Lone Islgkeit, 60 hours from
Fish Rock.
Schr Wlnslow. Berkholrn, 12 days from Ta
coma.
Schr Western Home. Christiansen. 6 days
from Coos Bay.
Schr Helen N Ktmball. Hansen, 5 day3 fr^m
Eureka.
Schr W F Wltzemann. Daewertz, 9 days from
Grays Harbor.
Schr Dauntless, Smith. 6 days from Grays
Harbor.
Schr Roy Somers. Solland, 8 days from Grays
Harbor.
Schr Gem, Nelson. 9 days from Gr.iys Har
bor.
Schr Maggie C Russ. Kallenbers. 11 days
from Gravn Harbor.
Schr Archie and Fontle, Jannson, 20 hours
from Stewarts Point.
ARRIVED
Shipping Intelligence.
Artic'es- Receipts. Shipments.
Fl..ur barrels 2 <i.f«0 14.000
X\ heat bushels 612.000 112.000
< orn. bushels 464,000 123,000
Rye, bushels 14,000
Barley, bushels 43.000 "iioOO
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market wp.s flrm; creamery, 18%S21»Ac- dnirv
}re;h. c i5c? heese - flrm> 10^' n * c Egg g . d n rm ;
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour, quiet
unchanged; No. 3 spring wheat, 69B73c; No 2
red. 7:4c: No. 2 corn, 39V 4^3S4c; No. 2 yellow,
3»4c; No. 2 oats. 214c; No. 2 white, 234®244c-
No Z white. 22%(S24>4c: No. 2 rye. 53c; good
feeding barley, S9c; fair to choice malt 4"*»
4sc; No. 1 flaxneed, Jl 51*51 52; No. 1 North
western, $1 E2%@1 54; prime timothy seed, 13 95;
mess nork. p-r barrel, $10 So^ll; lard, per 100
pounds. JC 7241(8 S24- short ribs sides (loose),
*< li,<g< 4",; dry .-alted shoulders (boxed), « : >*'a>
6%e: short clear sides (boxed). »7 KJ(57 75
whlfky, basis of high wines, $1244; clover
contract grade, $9 2539 50.
Articles— . Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
September 73% 73H 73 734
October 744 744 73% 73' 8
November 74% 74% 744 74?»
Corn No. 2—
September 39>i 39% 3S% 39
October 33 3SU 37% 3S
November 36 364 35% 35%
Oats No. 2—
September 21 214 20% 214
October 2Ui 214 214 21%
November 214 21% 21% 21%
Mere potk, per barrel —
September 10 95 10 95 10 90 10 90
October II074 11074 10 &74 1100
January 11274 H 274 1120 1120
l*ard, per 100 pounds —
September 6 70 6 724 6 70 6 724
October 6 SO C SO 6 70 6 75
January 6 574 6 60 6 50 6 55
Short ribs, per 100 pounds—
September 7 25 7 324 7 25 7 30
October 7 124 7 15 7 10 ' 7 10
January 5 95 5 95 5 S74 6 30
Oats sympathized with corn, easy early but
recovering later. October closed }fec higher at
21Hc.
Barring a good demand for September ribs
the provision list was quiet. October ribs held
steady, but lard and pork for delivery in that
month eased off a trifle. Pork closed 7%c
under yesterday, lard 5tf£7Hc down and ribs
a shade lower.
The lea«llnc futures ranged as follows:
CHICAGO. Sept. 5.— "Wheat opened easy, Oc
tober unchanged at 744'S l 74 1 ic. Liverpool was
lower and receipts were heavy. Lonas sold
freely and the slump thus begun was carried
further by stop-loss orders which were reached
soon after the opening. October dropped 10
73V 1 . where the market steadied and gradually
reacted on covering by shorts combined with
a cessation in the liquidation, climbing to
73"«c. Here farther selling waa Induced by
the increase of the world's visible of 2,700,000,
according to Bradstreet's, and the market re
acted to 734c. October rallied to 74c on large
exi>orts and closed steady, U©%c down *.>
73T»c.
<'orn broke sharply on lower cables, larsr
receipts and sympathy with the early wheat
weakness, but a fair recovery took place near
the end. October closed J 4c lower at iSc.
Chicago Grain Market.
TO SAIL.
TO ARRIVE.
California dried fruits ruled dull and un
changed on the- basis of 34@7c per pound for
prunes as to size and quality: apricots, royal.
ll@14c; Moorpark. 155J17c; peaches, peeled, UQ
ISc; unpeeled, 6ff9c.
NEW YORK. Sept. 5.— There were no mate
rial changes In evanorated apples. The mar
ket continues quiet at unchanged prices. Stat«
common was quoted from 3 to 5c; prime. 4VA®
5 l 4e; choice, li^'gdc: fancy, 6%@7c.
DRIED FRUITS
EGGS— Receipts. 11,769 packages; flrm: West
ern regular packing at mark, 10J?16c; Western,
loss off. 17® 18c.
COFFEE— Futures closed steady, with prices
10 to 15 points not higher. Total sales, 26,250
bags. Including: September. $7 10@7 15; Octo
ber, $7 I."ig7 20; November, V 15@7 25; Decem
ber. $7 30; Feoruary. $7 40@7 45; March. $7 43Q>
7 50; May. $7 55(37 60. Spot coffee — Rio. easy;
No. 7 invoice, 64c; mild, quiet; Cordova, 9%£p
14c.
SUGAR— Raw. strong; fair refining, 4Vic;
centrifugal. 9C test, 4 5-16c; molasses sugar, 4c;
refined, firm.
BUTTER— Receipts, 10,192 packages; steady;
creamery. 174Q'224c; factory, 14®17c.
NEW YORK. Sept. 5.— FLOUR— Receipts.
30,999 barrels; exports, 9119; sales, 7900 pack
ases. Market was a little easier, especially
on erring patents, which were shaded to en
courage business.
WHEAT— Receipts. 25.345 bushels; spot,
steady; No. 2 red, 50c f. o. b. afloat; No. 2 red,
77U.C elevator; No. *1 Northern Duluth, 83Uc
f. o. b. afloat; No. 1 hard Duluth, S5%c f. o. b.
afloat. Options opened steady on talk of Con
tinental acceptances, but immediately weak
ened under the liquidation inspired by lower
cables, large spring wheat receipts and foreign
selllne. A late rally on covering and big ex
port demand closed the market firm at partial
4c net decline. Sales Included No. 2 red
March, closed S3-)»c; May. 82%@S3 l ;c, closed
83'4c; September. 77T»Q7S%c, closed 784c; Octo
ber. 7S%'S7 < j»io, closed 7»V»c; December, 80 3-16iy>
S0 T i,c, closed S0%c.
HOPS— Dull.
HIDES— Film.
WOOL— Dull.
4,700 Chicago, Bur & Qulncy 125H
Chicago, Ind & Louisville 23
200 Chicaco. Ind & Louisville prefd.. 57ii
100 Chicago & East Illinois 96 1 *
Chicago & Northwestern 162^-
S.000 Chicago, Rock Island & Pac 107
500 C C C & St Louis 59\4
Colorado Southern 6%
Colorado Southern 1st prefd 41
259 Colorado Southern 2d prefd 16
Delaware & Hudson 111%
603 Delaware, Lack & Western 176V4
500 Denver & Rio Grande 19%
3S0 Denver & Rio Grande prefd 6S
Erie .> 11H
Erie 1st prefd 34H
100 Great Northern prefd 1534
Hocking Coal 15U
Hccklng Valley 34
240 Illinois Central 117%
100 Iowa Central IS
103 Iowa Central prefd 44
Lake Erie & Western 27 l i
Lake Erie & Western prefd 93
I Lake Shore 209
3,350 Ix>uisvil!e & Nashville 72>i
3,G4.-> Manhattan L 92
575 M.-tropolltan Street Railway 154
100 Mt-xican Central 11H
100 Minn & St Louis 55
Minn & St Louis prefd 93>^
2.890 Missouri Pacific 51\i
Mobile & Ohio 37
Missouri. Kans & Texas 9%
220 MisFouri. Kans & Texas prefd 31
4^>0 New Jerypy Central 1334
700 New York Central 1304
1,700 Norfolk & Western 35%
110 Norfolk & Western prefd 76
4,375 Northern Pacific 51
720 Northern Pacific pr«fd 714
800 Ontario & Western 214
Oregon Railway & Nav 42
Oregon Railway & Nav prefd 76
2.S10 Pennsylvania 129
450 Reading 16*;
1,200 Reading 1st preM 574
Reading 24 prefd 27
Rio Grande Western M
Rio Grande Western prefd SS
600 St Louis & San Fran 10
St Louis & Han Fran 1st prefd.... 67
200 St Lculs & San Fran 2d prefd 33%
100 St Louis. Southwestern 12%
€20 St Louis. Southwestern prefd 294
8.9S1 St Paul 114
St Paul prefd 1724
St Paul & Omaha 112
11,455 Southern Pacific 3414
1.100 Southern Railway 11^
1.3S5 Southern Railway prefd 52 7 a
500 Texas & Pacific \i\
1.500 Union Pacific 5734
2,%5 Union Pacific prefd 74
100 Wabash 714
210 Wabash prefd 1S4
Wheeling & L E 8%
470 Wheeling & L E prefd 23%
300 Wisconsin Central 131,
Third Avenue 112
Exrrets Companies—
Ariams j;j
American "154
United States 43
Wells Faxsro
Miscellaneous —
100 American Cotton Oil 32%
American Cotton Oil prefd 8S4
American Malting 4U
150 American Malting prefd 244
S-50 American Smelting & Refining 3«
£23 Am Smelting & Refining prefd 89
American Spirits it,j t
American r-'pirits prefd 17
1W American Steel Hoop ;i j
CM American Steel Hoop prefd 671 '.
S.L'Co American Steel & Wire 36i~
I.C7J American Steel & Wire prefd 7"> 1 - t '
975 American Tin Plate 2S\
30ft American Tin Plate prefd SO
1 10.SOO American Tobacco 93%
American Tnhacyo prefd 128
400 Anaconda Mining: Co 4SU
13.0T0 Brooklyn Rapid Transit 53%
£00 Colorado Fuel & Iron 35 ;
I 1,140 Continental Tobacco 26
725 Continental Tobacco prefd 7S'i
I.SCO Federal Steel 34a:
S20 Federal Steel prefd 07 I
I General Electric 133%
110 Glucose Sugar 514 '
Glucose Sugar prefd 9S
200 International Paper 21%
International Paper prefd fie'
Iy^clede Gar 73
NX) National Biscuit 334
National Biscuit prefd " sr,
2CC National Lead 17s;
S43 National Lead prefd ss'i
23S National Steel 17
735 National Steel prefd gjit
N'°w York A!r Brake !"lM
100 North American js
Pacific Coast f,5
Pacific Coast 1st prefd "'" *7
Pacific r-oa?t 2d prefd 64
150 Pacific Mail -iii
22.1100 People's Gas '.•>,? I
210 Trefwi ftee] Car .....-.-; 89V4
3^7 Pre*?od Kt»el Car prefd '" 7'i*l
M0 Pullman Palace Car ""lS7
Standard Rope & Twine ".".*." 5»i
47,000 Sugar j^s* '
Fugar i.refd .'.'.'. "."ll6 i
C70 Tennessee Coal A- Iron 70U !
".S") I'nited States Leather us. '
1.5*0 Vnitod StRtes leather prefd ."" 7.1
1,000 Tnited States Rubber SOU
United Stntes Rubber prefd 94
f/0 Western I'r.ion 79^
750 Republic Iron & Steel Co " 12%
COO Rejnibllc Iron & Steel Co prefd M14
P C C & St Louis 54
CLOSING BONDS.
I U S ref 2s. when | Do 4s 53
Issued, reg 1(13 K Y G Ists...^!'!"lbsi4
Do coupon 1034, N J C gen os. 1»»*4
U S 3s reg: 109 |N Pacific 3s 654
Do coupon 109 | IH) 4b 104U
Do new 4s re*... 133% ; N Y C & St L 4s." 107
Do new 4s coup. . 133% j N & W oon 4s '. 9~%
Do oM 4b rcg 114 j Or Nav lsts no
Do old 4s coup. ..115 I Do 4s in?
Do 5s reg 112%! Or Short Line 6S..12G
Do 5g coup 112%' Do con 5s IJ34
I Dist of Col 3.6."s...l22 j Reading pen 4s... SS 1 .
Atchison K»n 4s. ..101 IRO W lsts 9gi,i
Do adj 4s ST.%: St L & I M con 5s. 112
j Canada So 2d$ 1% , St L & S F gen 6s. 1214
I Che* & Ohio 44s.. SS4 St Paul cons 1684
l>o 3* 1174'St P C & P lsts.. .119
' Chi & N con 7f> 140 ' Do 5s 119
Do S F d»b 5s...llR 'S Pacific 4s 7S !l i
; Chirapo term 4s S24 ; S Railway 5s 10S%
I Colorado So 4s S24. Stand R & T6s.... 67'
; L) &¦ R G lsts ir>2%jTex & Pac Ists....ll2
I>o 4s Wi\ Do 2di> 55
! Krie K«>n 4s 63%; U Pacific 4s 10SU
j F W & 13 C lsts.. 72 Wabash lFts l!7Vi
<5«:n Electric 5s. ...115 ¦ Do 2dis <..101 c i
I Towa Cent lsts US'; ¦ West Shore 4s 11214
i L & N uni 4* 95Vi Wis Cent lsts ss'
M K & T 2ds CC4 Va centuries 90
MINING STOCKS.
i Chol'.ar 17 Ontario 5 so
i Crown Point 12 Opiiir 43
1 Con Cal & Ya 1 13 Plymouth 10
i IVadwood CO Quicksilver 1 50
; Gould & Curry V, Do prefd 6 so
: Hale & Norcross... 2" Sierra Nevada 27
¦ Uomei'take 30 00 Standard 3 73
i Iron Silver 54 Union Ccn 13
I Mexican 20 Yellow Jacket 13
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
I Money— iWe.-tEnd K3'i
I fall loans 2f?3'i We.-tinghse EJec. 4e£
i Time loans 3©44 Bonds—
Stocks— Atchison 4s jji;
I Atch T & St Fe... 2SH Mining Shares-
Do pre-fd 71'i Adventure 4
• American Sugar. ..L21 1 i i Allouez Min Co 1
E>o prefd 117 Atnalir Copper... SS'i
; Bell Telephone 1424: Atlantic IM4
Boston &• Maine. ..1SS ; Boston & Mont tSl%
I Chi B & Q 1254;Butte & Boston...', (i
1 Dominion Coal *\% C & Hecla. ex dlv 731
I Federal pteel ZZ ; Centennial "17
i Iio prefd 66»iPVanklln "'" 15
; Gen Electric 13S 1 ,*! Humbcldt ->5
Do prefd 1294jOsceola "' esU
Ed F.lec 111 205 j Parrot .'.' 4V*
1 Mexican Central... ll'.ilQulncy "!!'l42
Mich Telephone.... SS i Sta Fe Copper^ 4»'
N EO.S4 Coke... 13 Tamarack ~2 n »
O'.d Colony 203 Utah Mining '.' hii
Old Dominion UttlWinona 51!
I Rubber 3(^4 Wolverines '.' i»\\
I Union Pacific 57% *
Three and a half tons Cumberland coal, 5
bale* cotton. ZO bbls oil. 10 bars refined Iron.
fl Lars Norway Iron, 6 bdls toop iron, ES4 it
lumber.
Merchandise for Nanaimo.
The co"ler Titar.ia palled yesterday for
Nanaimo, with the following cargo, valued at
Large Cargo for Australia.
The I>ors Biuhm ar.d Robert R. Hind lead
merchandise for Kahului; Willscott, merchan
dise for Pert Arthur, lump rum.
The Hidiekel has been laid on Uae berth for
Liverpool direct.
Tfce C. A. Tnayer loads lumber at Grays Har
bor for Guaym&s; DeSnance, lumber at a Brit
ish Cc!un;bla pert for Sydney. E2s 64: Latona.
Ijrr.ber en the Sound for Ca!lao; Newsboy,
lumber on the Found for Sydney, £2s 6d; Elrene,
BaliBon at Victcria for Liverpool or London,
£7s d.
Charters.
Afternoon Sessioa
Morning Session
300 Best & Belcher 29| 200 Overman ; n
1000 Chollar 21 ] 200 Sierra Nevada. 31
500 Gould & Curry 2»\ 100 Silver Hill 43
100 Hale & Norc... 26 ' 300 Silver Hill .... 44
100 Mexican 26 i 100 Yellow Jacket . 21
The following were the sales In the San Fran-
Cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
MINING STOCKS.
Ger S & L...1S50 1325 Sav & L So.... 74 73
Hum S & L.. — — Ees Sav Bk.... — —
Mut Sav Pk... 45 — Union T Co.... — —
S F Sav U....507 — •
STREET RAILROAD STOCKS.
i California 123 — ,O S L & H.... — 45
Geary-st 50 — iPresldlo — 22Vi
Market-st 6a — i
POWDER STOCKS.
California — lt>2'i Vlgorit 3H 3H
Giant Con Co. SS S6V4
SUGAR STOCKS.
Hana S P Co.. 7% 3 Kllauea SP Co 21S 22
Haw C & S Co — S3 Makaweli S Co 43i 4 43'i
Honokaa S Co. 3014 — Onomea S Co. 27*4 2S
Hutch S P Co. 2» 25% Paauhau S Co. 30% 30>i
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Al Pack Aasn-llS^i — Pac A F A 2 —
Cal Fruit Assn 97 — !Pac C Bor Co.150 —
Mer Ex Assn. J7 1C0 i Par Paint Co. 12'i —
Oceanic S Co.. 93', 94 !
Mornln- Session.
Board —
5 Giant Powder Con 86 25
5 Giant Powder Cod 83 75
110 Makaweli 43 624
25 S F Gas & Electric Co 54 50
MS F Gas & Electric Co. s 90 54 50
GOSF Gas & Electric Co 54 75
5 S F Gas & Electric Co 54 87^
5 Spring Valley Water 93 25
$l.<.'00 Spring VaHey 6s bonds 112 50
100 Vigorit 3 50
Street— (
£00 Equitable Gas 4 CO
130 Oakland Gas 50 00
CO S F Gaslight 5 M
. 65 S F Gas & Electric Co 54 75 .
1SF Gas & Electric Co 54 00
• Afternoon Session.
Board—
150 Equitable Gas 4 00
75 Honokaa S Co 30 23
H) Hutchinron S P Co 25 00
$7.0iV) I^s Anceles Ry £a bonds 10S CO
105 Makaweli 43 50
1«T> S F Gas & Electric Co 54 75
10 S F Gas & Electric Co. s 90 54 R2''j
100 S F Gas &- Electric Co 54 624
210 Spring Valley Water 95 25
Street —
$15,000 Oceanic Steamship bonds 107 25
PRODUCERS' Oil. EXCHANGE.
Board —
SCO Caribou 14
200 Home Oil 3 9S
100 Home Oil 4 00
150 Petroleum' Center 40
40O Yukon 64
10 Hanford 75 0O
10 Kern River 21 50
100 San Joaquin Oil and Dev 4 90
Street—
300 Yukon : 64
Afternoon Session.
Board —
450 Home Oil 4 00
2v0 Yukon 64
400 Yukon 66
1,000 Four Oil Co 40
100 Sterling O & D Co 1 30
Street—
150 Caribou 15
20 Oil City Petroleum 23 00
SAVINGS BANKS.
INSURANCE STOCKS.
Flrem's Fund. 227 — ¦
Anglo-Cal Ltd GS\ — ILon P & A....134»i —
Bank of Cal... — — ! Merchants' Ex 15 —
Cul S D & T..1W — iNev Nat Bk... — —
First Natlonl..275 — I
Cent G & L Co — — : Pac L Co 43»* —
Cent L & P Co 4U 5 jSac El G&RCo 33 " 40
Equit G L Co. 4 4H>S F G & E.... 54*4 U%
Mutual El Co. lo 11 | San Francisco. 5 5U
O G L & H... SOU 51 ,Stkn G & E Co 10 —
Pac Gas Imp.. 52' 2 52^1
GAS AND ELECTRIC STOCKS
Contra Ccsta.. 6S«i 63 Spring Valley. 95^i 95',i
Marin County. 51!i —
Cal-st Cab 5s.H6!i — lOak W gntd Ss — 103
C C Water 5s. 107 — iOceanic S Co.. 107 108
Ed L & P 6s..l23»4 — 'Om C Ry «s...t2S —
F & Cl Ry 6s.. — — P & Cl Ry 6s. 104 _
! Geary-st R 5s. — 89 P & O R R 6s. 115
H C & S 5^s. — — Powell-st R «Ss.H7 —
; Do 5s — 104 Sac El G&Ros.lOO —
' L A Ry 5s 107Til08'i|S F & SJV 5s.ir>ljl20
i L A Lt Co 6s. — — IS R of Cal 63.111> 4 lllii
I Do gntd 6s.. — — is P of A Ss... — 112V*
L A gntd os. ..100 102% [S P C 6s (1905)
LA P R R 5s. — 101 ! (Series A)... 110 —
Market-st 6s.. .127^130 | Do (Series B)1U —
Do 1st M 5s.H7»i — iS P C 6s (1908>.112 —
j N C N G R 7s. — — I Do (1312) ....120 122^
N R of Cal 63.113 — JS PR 1st gntd— —
Do5s US 118% 1 9 P Br 6s 133 135
N P C R R 6s. 101 — S V Water 6s.H2'Vill2\
, Do 5s 107 — Do 4s 103 103U
i N Cal Ry 6n.. — lllti Do 3d mtg... 101%101*I
; Oak G L & H.lll — Stocktn Gas 6s — 102' 2
I Oak Tran Gs..ll7U — i
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS
WEDNESDAY. Sept. 5—2 p. m.
. UNITED STATES BONDS.
BId.Ask. Bld.Ask.
4s quar coup. .115 116 4s do cp new..l33fil34Vi
4s do reg 114 115 3a do coup 109 110
Business on the Oil Exchange was very fair,
with considerable sales of Home and Yukon
stock. Trade In these securities has been
rather better of late.
STOCK MD BOND EXCHANGE.
There was no change In the afternoon.
Changes on the morning session of the Bond
Exchange were rather lower prices for Giant
Powder at JS6 25-3S5 75, Makaweli at $43 6-'H and
Gas and Electric at $54 75<g54. Sales were fair.
HOPS— At London (Pacific Coast), steady,
£2 15s(fJ£3 5s.
WHEAT— Spot, dull: No. 2 red Western win
ter, dull 6s; No 1 Northern spring, 6s 3»4d;
No. 1 California. 6s 4Vi r lfi6s 5d. Futures,
steady: September, Tj. ll%d; December. 6s lT4d.
CORK— Spot, quiet; American mixed new, 4s
2d: do old. 4s 2'Ad. Futures, quiet; October,
4s l*id; November, 4s l%d; December, 4s U4S.
CLOSING
LONDON. Sept. 5.— Consols, 98 5-16^9SH: sil
ver, 2S ll-16d; French rentes, lOOf 97MrC?101f
7',ic; wheat cargoes on passage, white firm, red
dull: No. 1 standard California, 31s 9d: Walla
Walla. 30s 3d: English country markets, flrm.
LIVERPOOL, Sept. 5.— Wheat, easy; No. 1
standard California. 6s 4'/£dtfj6s 5d; wheat in
Paris, steady; flour In Paris, steady; French
country markets, steady; weather In England,
fine.
COTTON— Uplands. 6 5-32d.
Foreign Markets,
TACOMA, Sept. 5.— Wheat Is coming In more
freely, about 100 cars a day being received.
Prices are steady at 59c for Bluestem and 56c
for Club.
WASHINGTON.
PORTLAND, Sept. 5.— There Is a fairly heavy
selling movement in progress, but most of the
wheat moving was bought at top figures to fill
shliis chartered and' when rates were lower
thar. at the present time. Walla Walla Is
auoted at 57c and Bluestem at ufl'SGIc. There
Is a good milling demand for valley and prices
have been forced up to 60c.
OREGON.
PORTLAND. Sept. 6.— Clearings, $140,613;
balances, $73,621.
Northern Wheat Market.
Portland's Business.
NEW YORK, Sept. 5.— The metal market
showed little strength or activity to-day. Pig
warrants, dull; spot and September, $9 75
to $10 07%. and December. J9 to $10. Pniladel
phia reports an easier market for Iron. Tin
In London closed easj-, but had little or no
effect on sentiment here as our market closed
steady and slightly higher at $30 70*f3n 85. Cop
per was dull and unchanged at $18 62'4. Lead
and spelter ruled dull and nominally unchanged
on the basis of $4 37';, $4^4 07^ respectively.
The brokers' price for lead was $4 and lor
copper $16 75.
Nezv York Metal Market.
SHEEP— Receipts, IS, 000. Steady; lambs,
weak, 5:510c lower. Good to choice wethers.
$3 E0®3 65; fair to choice mixed, $3 35^3 55;
Western sheep. $3 45'!i3 65: Texans. $2 50!f?3 20;
native lambs, $4fr5 70; Western lambs, J5Q5 60.
HOGS — Receipts, 2a,000; left over, 4000.
Stronger: closed weak. Top, $5 55; mixed and
butchers", J5@5 60; good to choice heavy, $5 10®
5 50: rough heavy, $4 95@5 05; light, $5^5 55;
bulk of sales, $5 20@5 40.
CHICAGO, Sept. 5.— CATTLE— Receipts, 20,
000, Includinz 4CC0 Westerns and 800 Texans.
Native steers, generally 10c lower; Westerns,
steady to 3hade lower. Natives, good to prime
steers, $5 50<g6; poor to medium, $4 60<8a 40;
selected feeders, $4rr?5; mixed stockers, $3 253'
3 90: cows, $2 75(^4 50; heifers, J;i '('•'. canners.
J2SJ2 70; bulls, stags, etc., $2 50r&4 60; calves,
?5@7 25: Texas fed steers, $4 25^5; grass steers,
$3 25«4 15; bulls, $2 5O4T3 40.
Chicago Livestock Market.
The sales of the week in Boston amounted
to 1.147,000 pounds domestic and 583,000 pounds
foreign, making a total of 1,530. COO pounds,
against a total of 3,29V>00 for the previous
week, and a total of 6.192.000 for the correspond
ing week last year.
A very small business has been transacted In
the wool market since a week ago, the entire
eales not aggregating over a million and a half
pounds. There is little life to the demand. Tha
dullness has been Intensified by the intervention
or a holiday, business being practically sus
pended from Friday night until Tuesday. The
rank and tile of the trade are holding prices
pretty stea ly, although there are weak spots
here and there, but they are not sufficiently
pronounced to warrant any lowering of quota
tions and they would quickly disappear If there
was a good, healthy demand for wool. The
situation abroad is no different from what it
la here.
BOSTON, Sept. 5.— The American Wool and
Cotton Reporter will say to-morrow:
Boston Wool Market.
CHICAGO, Sept. 5.— The Earl Fruit Company
realized the following prices for California
fruit at auction to-day: drapes— Malagas, sin
gle cratt-s, 45o(i?Sl 60, average $1 15; Tokays,
single crates, 70c(5'$l 30, average $1 15; cluster*,
single crates, average $1 45. Pears— B. Clalr
geau, boxes, $1 30@l 35. average $1 31: Angou,
boxes, $1 10@l 25. average $1 22; Howell. boxes.
$1 60igl 70, average. $1 67; Flemish, boxes. 45c'3>
II 30, average $1 15; Bartletts, 'boxes, 2T.c@$l SO,
average Jl 40. Peaches— Salways, boxes, 15f
65c, average 60c; McDevitfs cling, boxes, 15®
30c, average 25c; L. Crawfords, boxes, average
50c; Elbertas, boxes, average 50c; Champions.
boxes, average 60c. Prunes — Germans, single
crates, 15<g85c, average 62c; Silver, single
crates, 13@70c, average 45c; Gros, single crates,
average 45c. Sixteen cars sold to-day.
NEW YORK. Sept. 5.— The Earl Fruit Com
pany sold. California fruit: Grapes-Tokays,
single crates, $1 15@1 80, average $1 44; Tokays,
double crater, average $2 70. Pears— Bartletts,
boxes, $ifi2 PS, average $2 22; Bartletts, half
boxes, S5c<g$l 40, average $1 07. Eight cars
Bold to-day.
Silver continues to advance.
Wheat dull and featureless.
Other cereals about as before.
Gratis and Seeds inactive and unchanged.
Hay and Fccdsiuifs as prcz'iouslx quoted.
Potatoes. Onions and Vegetables in good supply.
Buffer firm, Cheese steady and Eggs advancing.
Poultry in better demand at improved prices.
Bartlett Pears and canning Peaches firm.
Pried Fruit steady, with a moderate movement.
Hams zi'cak and Bacon firm.
niCRSDAT. SEPTEMBER «
th^^mo^ng^dV^^nV'Jhe"^
tne aav, the third tim« column the thtr* >u
\IM1 "?,% ° f the day ' exce Pt when the4 a^- bu*
three tides, as sometimes occurs. The h-teh-.
t^V'S. 1 ? Edition to the sounding on .„'
Lnlted States Coast Survey charts excent
when a minus sign (-) precedes The hSSS
and then the number given is subtracted fro4i
the depth given by the charts. Th? niane ?
reference I, the mean of the Iow. r low waters
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 5.— To-day's statement
of the treasury balances In the general fund,
exclusive of the $150.0CO,OCO gold reserve In tha
division of redemption, shows: Available cash
balance, J134,4SS.3SS; gold, $68,531,731.
New York Grain and Produce.
Condition of the Treasury.
NEU r YORK. Sept. 5.— Money on call easy.
ViiQVii per cent: prime mercantile paper, 4g5»a
per cent. Sterling exchange soft, with actual'
business in bankers' bills' at $4 Sl\Qi 87»4 for
demand and at $4 83%@4 S4 for sixty days;
posted rates, $4 S5«?4 S8<4: commercial bills.
14 &i\<tti SS?4: Bar silver, 62?fcc per oun"e. Sil
\er certincatrs. 60HS62Hc. Mexican dollars.
48 v4c. Government bonds, strong: State bonds,
inactive; railroad bonds, Irregular.
New York Money Market.
flrst. but later supported prices. Monxy dis
counts were steady on fears of borrowing b/
the Bank of England and gold withdrawals for
ij. rhR Bajik of England received £21,000
gold In bars and £50,000 from India. There
,*. ? 6 V5 ht fn i ulr y '" the open market foi
12? i. '2 Iarls - Silver Jumped up on a large
Kngllsh mint order and the rise in India base
CLOSING.
Atchison, 29?;; Canadian Pacific, 9^i; Union
Pacillc preferred, 76?»; Northern Pacific pre
ferred, 73U; Grand Trunk. 6"i; Anaconda, 9>i.
Bar silver, firm, 2S 3-16d. Money, 2\i per cent.
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL NEWS
General Merchandise.
BAGS— San Quentin BaBs. $5 65; Calcutta
Grain Bags. 5%c; Wool Bags. 2SVj®32>,c; Fleece
Twine, 7&c; Fruit Bags. tiHWic white and
S'iiR8%c for bleached jute. •
• COAL— Wellington. Ill per ton; Southfleid
\Velllngton. $»; Seattle, $7; Bryant. $6; Coos
Bay. $o 50: Wallscnd. $9; Co-operative ¦Vt'all-
COTTOLENE— One-half barrel, SHc; three
half barrels. SM-c: one tierce, 8?jc; two tierces,
fci/ t c; five tierces. 8Uc per lb.
Hides, T allow, Wool and Hops.
HIDES AND SKINS — Culls and brands sell
about lc under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers S^ftOc;' medium, S^c; light. 8c;
Cowhides. 8c: Stags. Cc; Salted Kip. Sc; Calf,
9c; Dry Hides, sound 15c; Dry Kip, ljc; Dry
Calf 13c; culls and brands. 1.2c; Sheepskins.
Shearlings, 201t30c each; short Wool, 30(g-50c
each- medium, GOftSOc; long Wool, 90c@$l 1Q
each; Horse Hides, salt, $2@» 23 for large, Jl 75
for medium. $1 for small and 5Cc for colts;
Horse Hides, dry. $1 50 for large, $1 25 for me
dium. $1 for small and 23<S30c for colts. Deer
skins — Summer or red eklna, 35c; fall or me
dium skins, 30c; winter or thin skins, 20c. Goat
skins—Prime Angoras, 75c; large and smooth,
5Ce; medium, 25c.
TALLOW — No. 1 rendered, 4@4<4c per lb; No.
2. 3<63'^o; grease, 2©2%C
WOOL— Spring clip Is quotable as follows:
Northern, free, 15916c; Northern, defective, 12ft
14c; Middle County, free. I»ftl6c; Middle Coun
ty defective, 12&14c; Southern Mountain. 12
months'. ll(&12c: Southern Mountain, free. 3
months'. 10fel2c: Southern Mountain, defective
7 months', 9@llc; Humboldt and Mendoclno,
16ijrl7c; Nevada, 13@lCc per lb. v
Fall Clip— San Joaquin. 6HfeSc; do Lambs',
E<(j9c: Middle County. 9&llc per lb. *
HOPS — OH, nominal /at 5@10c per lb; new
1C<& 12c. , .i •-- ¦ J ¦
LARD— Tierces quoted at 7c per lb for com
pound and 9c for pure; half-barrels, pure, 9V*c;
10-lb tins. !>-%c: 5-lb tins, 9%c.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. 10»4c per lb for
heavy, lie for light medium, 12-ic for light, 13c
for extra light and 13c for susar-cured; East
ern sugar-cured Hams. 12Vic: Mess Beef, $12 per
l-bl: extra Mess, $13; Family. $14; extra Prime
Pork $15 DO; extra clear. $13; Mess, $16 50;
Smoked Beef, 12'ifil3c per lb.
Hams are weak and Bacon is firm. There is
no further change in prices.
Provisions.
NUTS— Walnuts. 8@10Vsc for standards and 3
©lie for softshells; new Almonds. 12'ai3Vi<3
for paper shell, < JV6 !f Tlfc for soft and 6@7c for
hard shell; Peanuts, bfiViv for Eastern and
i.QGc for California: Brazil Nuts. HS12^c; Fil
berts, 12!fjl3c: Pecans, HS13o; Cocoanuts. $3 50
(&3. . •
HONEY— Comb. 13@14c for bright and ll'ii?
12'-4c for light amber; water white, extracted,
7'<f(i74ic; light amber, extracted, 6-} 4 ft7c; dark,
SkQGHc per lb.
BEESWAX— 24@26c per lb.
FRUITS— Prunes. Santa Claras. 4 sizes. 3c; 40
50s. 7c; 60-603. 3Vic: 60-70s. 3}»c; 70-SOs. 3%c 80-
SOs. 2"fic; 90-lOOs. 2Vic; 100s and over, 2c; rubles,
V«c premium; Sonomas Uc and San Joaqulns Vic
less than Santa Claras, except 100s and over,
which stand the same. Apricots, 6?«ti|'8Hc for
Royals and 10*i 12c for Moorparks; Kvaporated
Apples, 5<gfic; sun-dried. 3^40; Peaches. 5'4@5Vic
for standard, 6<86Vic for choice and 7JfSc for
fancy; Pears, DW7Vic; Plums, pitted, C<gbc; un
fitted. lfglHe: Nectarines. 5@5Vic for red and
a"-B<£[6e for white.
RAISINS— Bleached Thompson's fancy, per
lb,,10c; choice, 3c; standard, Sc; prime, 6c; un
bleached Thompfon"s, per lb, 6c. Sultanas-
Fancy, per lb, 8M:c: choice. 7Hc; standard, 614c;
prime, 5c; unbleached Sultanas, 5c; Seedless,
W»-lb boxes. 5c: 2-crown loose Muscatels. 5Hc;
3-crown, -G'ic; 4-crown. 7c; London Layers. 2
crown, $1 r.O per box; 3-crown, $1 60; Fancy
Clusters, $2; Dehesa, $2 50; Imperial. $3. All
prices f. o. b.' at common shipping points in
California.
Prices for everything remain about the same.
There Is a steady and fair call for most sea
sonable fruits, though Pears are slow about
opening uo.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins
CITRUS FRUITS— Lemons. $1 25-H2 for com
mon and $2 S0ig3 for good to choice: Mexican
Limes, $6 E0iJ?7; I '.ananas, $1®2 per bunch; Pine
apples, $1 :o@3 50 per dozen.
MELONS— Nutmegs, 35ff?C0c per case; Canta
loupes. 75ciJ?$l 23 per crate; Watermelons, $100
18, with extra large at $20£25 per 100.
GRAPES— Muscat, 30S50c per crate: Seedless,
7r>WS.'c per crate: Sweetwater. S0®40c: blnck
35(J/50c; Tokay. 25@60c; Isabella, 5O@S5c: Wine
Grapes. $21(323 p*r ton for Zinfandel.
Quinces are in larger supply and weaker.
Melons and Grapes stand about the same.
A car of late Valencia Oranges Is on the
market at $3 5O@4 per box.
DECIDL'OL'H FRUITS
APPLES— 25<g50c per box for common and
60<.''/$l for good to choice.
PEARS— Bartlett. 60c® $1 per box; other va
rieties. 25<550c per box.
QUINCES— 25<Q '50c per box.
STRAWBKRRIES-»3<85 per chest for large
and $3'27 for small berries.
BLACKBERRIES— $3®5 per chest.
RASPBERRIES- J4ft7 per ctl.
HUCKLEBERRIES— JVtla per Ih.
FIGS— 25635c for single and 40@75c for double
layer boxes.
POMEGRANATES— 75c<g$l per box.
PLUMS — 23iQ40c per box and 3fi(g50c per crate.
PEACHES— 25<@65c per box; in bulk, $20^25
per ton for freestones and clings.
Bartlett Pears are about out on canning ac
count, and the trade are taking the few still
coming in. «Canners are paying $20@25 per ton
for both cling and free Peaches and do not
want any poor stock. Plums In bulk have
about disappeared.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
CHEESE— New, 9c; fancy, 10c; old S®S^c;
Young America. lOglO^c; Eastern, 13ii@14c,
Western, 10tH2e per lb.
EGGS— Quoted at 17'4«20c for store and 27Q>
23c per dozen for ranch, with some selling at
30c; Eastern, 164f20c spot and 21c for fancy to
arrive.
Creamery— Fancy Creamery. 23S23%c; extra
marks higher; seconds. 22'g22^c.
Dairy— Fancy, 22c; good to choice, 20@2lc;
common. 15?jl$c.
Creamery tub— 20<?i22 1^c per lb.
Pickled roll— 19& 20c.
Firkin— IStfj 19c.
Eggs are scarce and some dealers are quoting
up to 20c. There are very few fine ranch here,
but the sham advance has checked the de
mand and the market Is dragging somewhat.
Butter is steady and in much lighter supply.
There is nothing new In' Cheese.
BUTTER—
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Poultry and Game.
Two cars of Eastern were put on. Local
Poultry was in good demand, and, though r«
c'oiDtf) were liberal, they cleaned up well at
the better prices.
Game sold well as below.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, 11312c for Gob
blers and Iligl2c for Hens; young Turkeys, 16@
17c; Geese, per pair, Jl 25@1 i0; Goslings, Jl 50<3»
1 75; Ducks, J3@4 for old and {l^TS for young;
Hens, $4 50Q6; Young Roosters, $4@5 50; Old
Roosters, $4@4 50; Fryers, $3 50; Broilers, %Vfp
3 50 for large and $2© 2 50 for small; Pigeons,
$1 SO&'l 75 per dozen for old and $1 50@l 75 for
Sviabs.
GAME — Doves, 60@75c per dozen; Cottontail
Rabbits, $1 50; Brush Rabbits, 75c3$l; tiare,
$1 2")f/l 50; Grouse, $7; Mountain Quail, $3 25tj4
i>er dozen.
Two cars of Merced Sweets sold at the quo
tation. Other Sweets are steady.
The market is still largely stocked with vege
tables.
POTATOES— Garnet Chiles, 50c; Early Rose,
25<g30c; Burbanks, 20<860c for Rivers and
70f} ( J5c per ctl for Salinas; Sweets, $1@1 50 for
Rivers and $1 65 for Merced.
ONIONS— Yellow, 50565c per ctl; Pickle
Onions, fiO@75c.
VEGETABLES— Green Corn, 75c@$l 25 per
sack, 75c© *1 per crate for Berkeley and $1®
1 50 for Alameda; Green Peas, 2H@3c per lb;
String Beans, l%@2Hc; Limas, Znic; Cab
bage, 40!gD0c; Tomatoes, River, 20<§25c; Bay, 20
©33c; Egg Plant, 50(§65c per box; Green Okra.
4*S50c; Green Peppers, 25@50c per box for Chill
and 40@60c for Bell; Dried Peppers, 10®15c:
Carrots, 25@35c per sack; Summer Squash, 25©
40c for Alameda; Cucumbers, 25S'30c for Ala
meda; Pickles, $1@1 25 per ctl for No. 1 .and
5OS75C for No. 2; Garlic, 2%@3c per lb; Mar
rowfat Squash. $12@20; Pumpkins. $20 per ton.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
lb for California and 4c for Eastern; Alfalfa,
nominal; Rape, 2^@3c; Hemp, 4@«!^c; Tim
othy, 4fT4Vic.
DRIKD PI3AS— NUes. nominal; Green. $2 25@
2 50 per ctl; Blackeye, J2.
There is no further change In Beana.
BEANS— Bayos. $2 5O®2 75; Small White,
$l©-4 25; Large White, nominal; Pink, $2 20<8
» 75- Rod ?3 25(23 50; B'.ackeye, J3 50; Lima.
h 15(55 25; Pea, $J®1 25; Red Kidneys, *3 25®
SKEDS — Brown Mustard, r nominal; Yellow
Mustard, te; Flax, $2^2 20; Canary, 3Vio per
Beans and Seeds.
Bran rules firm at the recent Improvement.
There is no change In Hay. P.eceipts are too
large, but the holders do not allow the mar
ket to decline.
BRAN'— $12 50@13 50 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $16@19 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS-Rolled Barley. $lfi@17 50 per
ton" Oilcake. Meal at the mill. ?26@27; Jobbing.
f7 50SI2S: Cocoanut Cake, $20@21: Corn Meal,
$'6 50- Cracked Corn; $27; Mixed Feed, $13 DO^U.
HAY — Volunteer. $4 G0@7: Wheat. $10@12;
Wheat and Oat, $9 50® 11 50; Oat, JS-SIO; Clover.
J4-R6; Alfalfa, J6@7 50; Barley, ?6 50® 8 50 per
STRAW— 30<2r37Vic per bale.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
Wheat Flour, $3 23; Rolled Oats (barrels), *fi
©7 25: In sacks^ *5 75@7; Pearl Barley, $5:
Split Peas, |5; Green Peas, $5 50 per 103 lbs.
'i'be re-port that fully 500,000 pieces of print
cloths had been sold in Fall River and that a
story to the effect that Southern spot cotton
holders were refusing to do business except at
pronounced advances stimulated buying for
both accounts in the afternoon. At the close
the bulls were in full control, with the mar
ket rulin- firm at a net advance of 31 to M
points!
ditlon, rendered the more serious by inability
to secure cotton through scarcity of freight
room at Southern points. As the Englisn mar
ket advanced the local contingent hammered
away at the underpinning of the shorts, who
were eventually compelled to abandon their
position and retreat without the least sem
blance of reserve. The South. Wall street and
Liverpool deluged the market with buying
orders, and on thla happening prices advanced
by treat strides, with the near monthd lead
ing In the rise.
Flour, qr ska 34.570 i Eggs, dor 8,490
Wheat, ctls 7,07."> Quicksilver, flsks 55
Barley, ctla 10.4I.T Leather, rolls.... 77
Oats, ctla 533; Wine." gals 53,200
Buttpr, ctls 109jI,ime. bbls 192
Cheese, ctls 2S5 P.randy. gals 5.000
Corn, Kast. ctls.. l.OM 1 Pelts, bdls 3.812
Potatoes, sks 4.425' Hides. No 663
Bran, sks 200 'Hops, bales »<0
Middlings, ska .. 470! Straw, tons 8
Beans, sks 175 Hay. tons 963
Sugar, sks 1.100 Beans, sks 17}
Feed, aks ». 235 Onions, sks 1,070
FOR WEDNESDAY. SEPTEMBER 5.
Receipts of Produce.
BEEF— 5@6c per lb for fair to choice.
_VEAL—Large, 7(g8c; small. 8%@9V4c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. 7%SSc; ewes. 7®7&c per
pound.
LAMB— Spring. $¥-®9c per lb.
PORK— Live Hoes. 6c for small, 5%@5%c for
medium and SH'SSHc for large; stock Hogs
and feeders, 5&©5Hc: dressed Hogs. 8@SV&c.
San Francisco Meat Market.
SUGAR — The Western 5 Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, per lb. in 100-lb bags: Cubes.
A Crushed and Fine Crushed. 6.80c: Powdered,
6.40c; Candy Granulated, 6.40c; Dry Granulated.
6.30c; Confectioners' A, 6.30c; Magnolia A. 5.90c;
Extra C. 5.S0c: Golden C. 5.70c: barrels. 10c
more; half-barrels. 20c more; boxes. 50c more;
£C-lb baes. 10c more. No orders taken for less
than 75 barrels or its equivalent. Dominoes,
half-barrels, 7.05c; boxes, 7.30c per lb.
tend. $9; Cumberland. $12 In bulk and $13 25 In
sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Ekk. Sit; Can
up], ill P«r ton; Coke. J16 per ton In bulk and
$18 in packs; Rocky Mountain descriptions.
$3 45 per 2C00 lba, and {3 50 per ton, according
to brand.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 6, 1900.
California Fruit Sales.
THE STOCK MARKET.
Steamer Movements.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Foreign Futures.
8
The steamer Marip"** failed yesterday for
Fydr.ey. with a general carpo. valued at $116.
160. manifested as follows: For Australia.
J-.S.X1; New Zealand, J43.40K; Aria. M&lS. The
l'-adir.g rhipmests were a* follows:
For Australia— 15 pkgs artist's material. 7 cs
arms and ammunlticn, 6 casks bottled beer.
7313 cs canned poods, 1673 pkps dried fruit. 2 .- s
.":• Iba coffee. 2* cs drypoods. .' cs drugs. 27 c«
<-l<-etricai goods. 2122 cs codfish. 22*2 hxs fruit.
It cs furniture. 260 bxs raisins. EO.OM ft fuse.
:" re<=ls hose. 1C0 crs onions. 12 pkg? phono
prarhs. la rolls Rather. 47 pkgs machinery. 4
o.<= photo goods. 45 tbls SO rkps oil. 443 cs metal
polish. E cc rubber boots. 9 sacks seed. 4.500 06
nlmon. 1409 doors. M cs printing Ink. 20 cs
type. 74 bdls paper. 14S cs paint. 50 drums
ammonia. 5 cs stationery.
F r New Zealand— 3 cs arms and ammuni
tion. 2:C4 cs canned poods. 1135 pkgs dried fruit,
I s=ks beans. IM cs salmon. 2366 lbs coffee. 20 cs
codfish. 4 cs arygoods, 12 ere bicycles. 1S0O bxs
fruit, 1*73 crs onions, 6 o drugs, 4 pkgs ma
rhinery. 17 pkga evaporated fruit, 151 cs metal
1 ¦ Ush, i'l bxs raisins, 7 pkgs proceries and
provisions. 3 baps seed. 2iS bdls newspaper.
Tor A jiia— 5 cs whisky. 160 cs canned goods.
4 a dried fruit, 130 cs salmon. 17 cs hardware,
B drums carbide, 4 cs codfish. 55 crs potatoes.
710S lb* bread, 4 cs glassware. 13 crs onions, 23
bxa :ruit. 19 crs rr.illwork. 40 bbls flour. S bd'.s
cr.rdage. 14 cs drugs. 4 crs machinery. 1T.S pkgs
prooeries and provisions. 20 bbls flour, 10 ca
coal cil, 2^,000 twined rivets.
Weather Report.
fiy-th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FBASkCXSOOj Sept. 5. 1900—5 p. nv.
The following maximum temperatures -were
reported from stations In California to-day:
llnur.t Tamalpais I" Fresno 84
Eftncka €! Sacramento 74
Indej-endence 82 Pan Luis Obispo 7*
Ke<5 Eluff 6S Diego TO
Los Anpeles SO,
Sa.n Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
C". ; minimum, K>; mean. C2.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pressure has ris»n over the northern half
of the Pacific Slope. The st^rm over Northern
Nevada yesterday has cmssed the Rocky Moun
tair.s and generally fair weather prevails west
*.f the Pierra?. Light rain has fallen In Idaho
ani Northern Nevada. A thunderstorm Is re
ported tt Winnemucca.
The tt-mperature har fallen about 10 de»n"ees
river I'tah and the creator portion of Oregon.
In the groat valleys of California the tempera
ture continues from 10 to 20 decrees below the
tiorrria!. but weather more favorable for fruit
drying will probably prevail Thursday.
A maximum wind velocity of 30 miles per
fcour from the south is reported from independ
ence.
Forecast made at Fan Francisco for thirty
h<-.urs ending mldnirht. September fi, 1900:
Northern California — Fair Thursday; warmer
Jr. th*> va!l«"yF: light northerly winds.
Southern California— Fair Thursday; light
westerly winds.
Nevada— Fair: warmer Thursday.
I'tah— Fair Thursday.
Arizona— Fair Thursday.
San Francisco and vicinity— Fair Thursday;
fresh westerly wind*.
ALEXANDER G. McADIE.
Forecast Official.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
is«>s . .
¦fun
Uooi
a.
iTimel
3>
Ft. I-
L W '
Ft.
L
« ...
7 ...
8 ...
9 ...
ft ...
2:4g
3:30
4:11
4:SS
0.21 1
0.3 1
0.7 1
9:45!
10:21
10:55
11:30
4 9
s.:
5.3
6.4
2:
3
4:
5
2.2 9
1.7 9
1.2 1(1
0.7 1]
:i ...
2 ...
!H Wl
' 0:461
' 1:481
5.2)
4.9|
'-> ""Wl
«:14f
8:37!
3.8!
Jl
1.5
s.o;
:09l
Is
:Ul
0.4'...
II.
5.7: »
5.7! 1
V
7:
Steamer.
' From.
- — ¦
Empire
Eureka
Point Arena....
Crescent City ..
Oxiuille River. I
.Coos Bay
. Humboldt
.[Point Arena *
.'Crescent City ,
Orays Harbor
...ISep.
...I Sep.
...'Sep.
...|Sep.
..Sep.
. *
. i
. *
Coo* Kay 1
jN'fWDort
..iSei>.
Oak Branch
. ' Portland .V..V.V. ".*.*.'
*
Czarina
.iSeattle...
... Sep.
Newport
, : New Tork '.'.'.'.'.'.'.'..
State of Cal....
! Portland
..Seo.
Corona
North Fork I
JSan Dieffo
iHiirnholrtt
...Sep.
..Sen
%
4
. S
. iHnmholdr
...'Sen.
<
Matteawan
. *
Arcata
...ISen.
Ban Mateo
. 10
Bonita
.'N'ewnort...
w
Australia
. N'pwnnrt
l.qu»
Del Norte
. Gravs Harbor
.Ncwrairg
Mackinaw
Columbia
Santa Rosa
.|San Dlegro
Steamer. I Destln:
Si
Rival Wll'apa
China China*.
i
: Japar.
.!Sep.
l.Sep.
8.
Santa Rosa'Pan Dlei
'KO
iSep!
Tar.ls IHambui
Curacao ...IMpxIco..
Kmplre [Coos Ba:
•Tg
IT
.ISep.
•! Sep.
JSep.
i
7.'
•i^r Xl
'lor la
Eureka >HumboI'
lilt..".'.'.
-Sep'
7,
Pier 13
Acapulco ..JNew Toi
L'matiUa ..I Victoria
Coos Bay... {Newport
fczarlna ...Prattle..
State of Cai:Portlanc
Arcata 'Coos Ba
Pt. Arena..: Point Ai
JSep.
JSep.
.ISep.
.!Sep.
.'Pep.
.;Sep.
.Sep.
12 m P
11 am!P
9 am;p
10 amip
11 am P
i: m P
2 pm P
Corona 'San Did
Pomona ...!Humbol<
Xorth Fork'Humbol(
P-onita INewpori
'?0
Idt
Idt
•t
. Pep.
• Stop.
.Sep.
.Sep.
1^.
'A
;i.
12.
11 am P
2 pm^P
9amP
9 am P
Eureka !Humbo!<
City Puebla!Vlc & P
Iaqua iHumboi<
t>^l NortclPortlanf"
.Sep.
5'Sep.
.'Sep.
:2.
X
3.
4.
Columbia ..iPortlanc
15.
FMer 2»
Steamer. I Destln:
Si
Rival Wll'apa
China China*.
i
: Japar.
.!Sep.
l.Sep.
8.
Santa Rosa'Pan Dlei
'KO
iSep!
Tar.ls IHambui
Curacao ...IMpxIco..
Kmplre [Coos Ba:
•Tg
IT
.ISep.
•! Sep.
JSep.
i
7.'
•i^r Xl
'lor la
Eureka >HumboI'
lilt..".'.'.
-Sep'
7,
Pier 13
Acapulco ..JNew Toi
L'matiUa ..I Victoria
Coos Bay... {Newport
fczarlna ...Prattle..
State of Cai:Portlanc
Arcata 'Coos Ba
Pt. Arena..: Point Ai
JSep.
JSep.
.ISep.
.!Sep.
.'Pep.
.;Sep.
.Sep.
12 m P
11 am!P
9 am;p
10 amip
11 am P
i: m P
2 pm P
Corona 'San Did
Pomona ...!Humbol<
Xorth Fork'Humbol(
P-onita INewpori
'?0
Idt
Idt
•t
. Pep.
• Stop.
.Sep.
.Sep.
1^.
'A
;i.
12.
11 am P
2 pm^P
9amP
9 am P
Eureka !Humbo!<
City Puebla!Vlc & P
Iaqua iHumboi<
t>^l NortclPortlanf"
.Sep.
5'Sep.
.'Sep.
:2.
X
3.
4.
Columbia ..iPortlanc
15.
FMer 2»
Steamer.
' From.
- — ¦
Empire
Eureka
Point Arena....
Crescent City ..
Oxiuille River. I
.Coos Bay
. Humboldt
.[Point Arena *
.'Crescent City ,
Orays Harbor
...ISep.
...I Sep.
...'Sep.
...|Sep.
..Sep.
. *
. i
. *
Coo* Kay 1
jN'fWDort
..iSei>.
Oak Branch
. ' Portland .V..V.V. ".*.*.'
*
Czarina
.iSeattle...
... Sep.
Newport
, : New Tork '.'.'.'.'.'.'.'..
State of Cal....
! Portland
..Seo.
Corona
North Fork I
JSan Dieffo
iHiirnholrtt
...Sep.
..Sen
%
4
. S
. iHnmholdr
...'Sen.
<
Matteawan
. *
Arcata
...ISen.
Ban Mateo
. 10
Bonita
.'N'ewnort...
w
Australia
. N'pwnnrt
l.qu»
Del Norte
. Gravs Harbor
.Ncwrairg
Mackinaw
Columbia
Santa Rosa
.|San Dlegro
is«>s . .
¦fun
Uooi
a.
iTimel
3>
Ft. I-
L W '
Ft.
L
« ...
7 ...
8 ...
9 ...
ft ...
2:4g
3:30
4:11
4:SS
0.21 1
0.3 1
0.7 1
9:45!
10:21
10:55
11:30
4 9
s.:
5.3
6.4
2:
3
4:
5
2.2 9
1.7 9
1.2 1(1
0.7 1]
:i ...
2 ...
!H Wl
' 0:461
' 1:481
5.2)
4.9|
'-> ""Wl
«:14f
8:37!
3.8!
Jl
1.5
s.o;
:09l
Is
:Ul
0.4'...
II.
5.7: »
5.7! 1
V
7:
AUCTION SALES
3^ £^
2 CARLOADS DRIVING and DRAFT HOR^
all broken; matched pain- welKhinV irr.i Tr-i
lCOO; chunks: bred byH B Ihrlm.f.,2
Wilman Bros. CHASE 4 MENDENHa L
Salesyard 1733 Market street UGood News.
Take Your Own Pictures.
We have a splendid stock of cameras
from 80 cents up to $45 each and all ma
terials for taking picture! of the proces
sion and the various Interesting decora
tions. Sanborn, Vail & Co.. 7tt Market st- #
American League Games.
DETROIT. Sent. 5.-Fim game: Detroit J,
Kansas City 0.
gecend came: Detroit 7. Kan-n City J.
INDIANAPOLIS. Sept. 5.— First game; In
dtanapoHs 1. Chlcae" *¦
«»eoon<l irame: Indianapolis 9, Chi^n-ii 19.
BUFFALO. Sept. ».— Buffalo 2. Milwaukee C
CLEVELAND. P*pt. 5-FiMl n»; Clr»f
land J. Minneapolis C.
Second tame: Clevei&ad 7. Mlnr.easolls *
At a meeting of the Pacific Interclub
Yacht Association, held last night at the
Merchants' Exchange, it was announced
that ex-Commodore Herbert E. Law haa
presented a cup to be competed for at the
fifth annual regatta on the 11th inst. Thj
amendments to the raclnc rules were sub
mitted, but their adoption was deferred.
C F. Michaels of the Eldnal Yacht Club
resigned aa treasurer.
Yachtsmen Prepare for Begatta.
Pain's Battle of San Juan. fci!!owe<1 by
one of the "firework king's" pyrotechnic
displays. attracted another •oormotn
crowd to the Sixteenth and Folsom street
grounds la«t night. The portrair* of Ak-
Klnley and Roosevelt were warmly ap
plauded and the electric firework?. Pain'-*
latest Invention, created unbounded en
thusiasm. The many Introduced special
ties, produced under the glare of magne
sium lights and only fifty feet away from
the grand stand, were better than usual.
To-night will be Olympic Cluh right anl
In addition to special athletic features ami
a reproduction of the club'* crest In flre.
a pyrotechnic picture of William CSro^r
Harrison, the re-elected president of th.>
organization, will be shown. To-m^rr^tv
night will be children's night, when irany
features Intended for the enterrairiment
of. young America will be Introduced.
Battle of San Juan.
Rev. J. J. Prendergast Believes Sim
ple Explanation on Religious
Mattel's' More Convincing.
The Very Rev. J. J. Prendergast gave
the monthly lecture before the Catholic
•Truth Society at St. Mary's Cathedral
last evening. He spoke of the tendency
of the American people to criticize men
ami issues without any logical reason.
The people become prejudiced and refu»e
to accept un explanation. This was esn«
cially true of the two great political paT
ties. he said. *
Judgments, the speaker said, are formed
very largely by our own selfish fnter.st4
and prejudices. While political, eco
nomic, civic and financial issues mfjrht h*
dealt with in this way, the subject of ™
liglon must be handled differently
"The problem of religion is much more
completing to the human mind," contin
ued the speaker. "Controversies should
be avoided In teaching religion. A almole
explanation is far better and more lm
pr^sslve than a heated argument. If y ou
enter into a debate with a man the
chances are he will become more hard
ened and set against what you are trv
ing to impress upon him than he was bel
fore you said anything."
CATHOLIC CLERGYMAN
WOULD AVOID ARGUMENTS
Congressman Kahn Will Deliver Ora
tion at Exercises in Honor
of the Event.
On Sunday morning. September 9, at 10
o'clock, the old hospital lot, which was
turned over to the Park Commissioners
j for park purposes, will be formally dedl
1 cated as Dubo^e Park. The flag will be
i run up and services befitting the occasion
will be held.
The Mayor, Park Commissioners and
other city officials have been Invited to be
present, and Congressman Kahn tvill de
liver the oration. A battalion of the First
California Volunteers will attend the ex
ercises under command of Colonel O'Nell.
The improvements in the park have been
made with voluntary subscriptions by the
neighboring property owners, and much
of the puccess of the undertaking Is due
1 to the efforts of C. E. Preiber. C. B. Per-
I kins Edward Olllnsrer. Hugh Keenan, E<1-
I v.ard Hlnkle. J. Tobln and Major Boxton.
j and also th« co-operation of the Park
Commlsioners and Secretary Fay.
DUBOCE PARK TO BE
FORMALLY DEDICATED
The Orpheum announces Jessie Bartlett
Davl3 for next week. The Joscarya. Ger
trude Mansfield and Caryl Wilbur, an-1
Howe. "Wall and Walters nil this week's
pood bill.
The G»and Army posts of the city will
attend the Alta Theater in a body on Fri
day evening next. September 7. to wit
ness Captain Jack Cra-wfnrd's new mili
tary border play. "On the Trail." (»n*>
hundred seats are already reserved for
Geonre H. Thomas Po3t. G. A. R.. alon*.
Captain Jack Crawford will recite hU
great veteran war poem. All comrades
are Invited to attend.
"On the Trail." Captain Jack Craw
ford's border drama. Is filling th«» Alta
Theater nightly. Government scouts. In
dians, cowboys and pack mules are among
the features.
To-night a "magnificent spectacular re
vival" of "Ship Ahoy" with Ferris Hart
man. will begin performances at the Al
hambra Theater. Fine sittings and cos
tumea are promised, and a chorus of fifty
will add to the attractions. Holiday
matinees will be given on Saturday and
Sunday.
"Ship Ahoy" at the Alhambra.
In the Divorce Court.
F. A. Tflmea baa been prranttd a divorce
from Gertrude Tflmei on the ground of
desertion. Suits for -iivorce haw hoor,
?*FV b £rl r T ' -" ¦ !; '"~ r * a^n^uTt™
A. t.d!>erpr f"r : t :!ur> r i-, provide, and John
T. Oreen o*a!n«t Dorothea Marie GreeS
If>r intf-mp^rar.r.-. " u
DETROIT. • Sept. I.— Results at Windsor:
Seven furlongs, selling— Cotton Plant won.
Results of the Contests on Various
Eastern Tracks.
ST LOUIS. Sept. 5.— The feature at Kln
loch to-day was the masterful riding of
w Klley. he piloting three mounts to vic
tory Spectacular features were, entirely
lackin*. the winners finishing by wide
m^rclns Two favorites, a second choice
and three outsiders won. Track good.
Summaries:
c^iiins six and a half furlongs— Lurdan won,
n^on* s'econd J P S third. Time. 1:23.
STlllnir^U and a half furlongs-Mr. Brook
woc4 won. HUd& H second. Del Sarte third.
TI «Su'lnir" «ven furlongs—Lnmond won. Ben
ham ie&nd. Mon* n third. Time. 1:21m.
»7Ln<l™ap «1* furlonB*—Ma*Rl« Oavis won.
Th! 11 irt second. Nobleman third. Time. 1:15.
Selllmr'cn- mile—Glen Lake won. Sprung «ee
«nrt1 Gu'de Rock thlnl. Time, 1:43H
4'lllnK six and a half furlongn-The Slnser
won Amelia Strathmore second. Doralice third.
Time. 1:2*-
CHICAGO Sept. 5. — Another killing- occurred
In the fourth race to-day. In which Van Hoore
beke was backed from 8 to 1 in 5 to 1, regard
less of the price of 8 to S on Florlzar and S to
1 on The Lady. Summaries:
Five furlonc" — Frtdolin won. Katherine Bnnla
second E I* third. Time, 1:02 3-5.
Six furlong*— Tayon won. Highland Lad sec
ond. Lennep third. Time, 1:14.
One mile— HI Lee won. Bill Garrett second.
Silver Fizz third. Time. 1:42.
One mile— Van Hoorebeke won. The Lady sec
ond Florlrar third. Time, 1:40 4-5.
Five and a half furlongs— Harry Herenden
won. Shut-Up second. Natural Gas third. Time,
1:05 4-3.
One and an eighth mtlea — Catastrophe won.
Donation second. What Next third. Time.
1:554-5. i.-r'-A.-.-'^-..--. V;^*"--.
WITH THE RUNNERS.
Jack Adle second. Dounterswlrel third. Time,
Four nn<1 a half furlon**— Robert Morrison
??£,"• Free Play **«>nd. Jano third. Time.
Six furlones. wllinr— Brulare won. Triune
second, Rotha third. Time. :H\;.
One and a sixteenth miles. selllnK-Crossmo-
1 t l h n «rd W T.me!'l! 1 4 9 4 NOOn 8 * COnd - **»«*«•.
Stp«T>lcch.ise. short course- Zufallld won. Lov
lce sreond. High Admiral third. Time ••«
Six furlongs, selllns— The Tory won. 'jiideau
second. Xlna B L third. Time, 1:M«4 nia * au
NEW YORK. 8«Ot 5. -The Keenes iihowed
another good nily trvday at Shp«>p«hea>1 Bay In
Xoon Day. She Just sallowed all th« way «nl
easily won th« BpIIos stakes, which waa tha
feature of the day's card.
The other feature was the Beptemb^r at on«
mile and throe furlongs. K!!!ashan«1ra, the f a .
Torite. rated alone behind Motley to the
*tr«>tch and then came on and iron easily hr
a lenpth an-1 a half from Advance Guard wh\
closed fast In the stretch. "uara. Who
Six furlonps— The Resent wan. The Goldan
Prince second, Bowen third. Time 113 j.j.
One mile— McMoekin won. Whlnti'lnij rv, n ,__
ond, Karnura third. Time, 1:411-5.
The Belles. Futurity course— Xoon Day won.
Sweet Lavender second. Lady Schorr thlra
Time. 1:10 1-5.
The September, one mile and three furlonrs—
Killashandxa won. Advance Guard mnrnn^
Motley third. Time. ::3. ra »«con<I.
fltx furlones— Knight of Rhodos won I-
Tostca II »econd. Sanders third. Time 1-13 4-5
One and an eighth miles, on turf— Cand'lebaek
won, Mlsustream second. Golden Scepter third
DENMAN BENT ON DISCIPLINING
THE PRINCIPALS AND TEACHERS
IF any principals have filled up classes with more than fifty-five pupils they
have violated a rule of the Board of Education, which sets that number as
the limit of 'enrollment, and they should be disciplined. If they or the
teachers have done so the fault is theirs, not ours, and they are responsible."
These words were uttered by Director Denman at yesterday's meeting
of the Board of Kducatlon. They gave evidence of the fact that the board is
weakening in its policy of a high clarification. Chairman Mark had just fin
ished throwing a few bouquets at the new order for classification Issued by the
board and b-ised on the reports of principals for August.
"It is the best classification that could be made." said Mark. "The classes
are not crowded, and If any Injustice has been done it will be rectified after
the schools have been visited."
•'I have received information." said Superintendent Webster, "that classes
in two schools have over fifty-five pupils."
Then It was that Denman was for disciplining the two principals for allow
ing such a high enrollment.
Webster then notified the board that under the terms of the charter, which
vested the power of classification In vhe Superintendent of Schools, he would
send out his deputies to Investigate the conditions as they existed. On their
findings he would make his official report to the board, containing whatever
recommendations he saw fit to make:
Webster was Informed that the board had settled or.ce and for all the
transfer of the grammar grades from the Grant to the Pacific Heights school
and that its action was irrevocable. Ihe Superintendent quoted section 1662 of
the Political Code, which provides that every school must be opened to chil
dren between 6 and 21 years of age, and said pupils were barred from the
schools named on account of the new grading. Webster then asked to have
his protest against the juggling of the grades duly recorded. He was further
Informed that the petition of' the German residents requesting the restoration
of physical culture In the schools was "under consideration" by tho board.
Webster notified the board that a large number of parents had requested
that their children, who are pupils of the seventh and eighth grades, be excused
from taking cooking lessons. Allegations were made that the other work was
neglected and that parents had stated that they themselves could teach their
daughters all the cooking necessary.
Courteous Anarchist Mistook Godi for L'Htalia's
Editor and Was Prepared to Lay Him Low '
With a fiuge Revolver.
Aonni, a printer, employed oy I/Italla, ran up apainst a courteous
highwayman at an early hour Tuesday morning while on his way to
o work, and he i.« still suffering from the shock.
"Stop." cried the man of the road, shoving a bright and shining
revolver right under the printer'^ no."=e.
Godl without further invitation obeyed the command. lie went even a
step further and threw up his type-grimmed hands. The man with the gun
looked for a moment Into the Godl orbs, put up his pun and with a polite
"siouff me," took to his heels. .
G^dl was too frlphtened to appreciate the would-be assailant's courtesy,
or even to collect his wits sufficiently to tako note whether the man with the
weapon was tall or short or darn or fair. AH he knows Is that when the
etran*rer ran from him two men on the other side of the street also took to
their heels. When Oodi reached the Italia's composing rooms he was so flus
tered by his meeting with the polite highwayman that he begged off work and
under escort went home to recuperate from the nervous shock.
Godl bumped apalnst the polite crook on Montgomery avenue, almost in
front of the Commercial Hotel, early on Tuesday morning. The matter wa3
immediately reported to the police, and Detective Reynolds was put on the
case.
Reynolds has u theory— and he se^s In the mannerly hold-up man an an
archist roaming about in a vengeful mood.
Shortly after the shootlnirr of Italy's King. L'ltalla began the publishing
of a series of forceful articles in which the anarchists were bitterly de
nounced. Th» little band of resident anarchists naturally took offense at the
tone of the editorials and it was whispered that Editor Patrlzl had better
have a care. Godl resembles Palrlzl In height and build only, and the police
maintain that the pistol that chilled the printer's blood was intended to spill
the Patrizl gore.
No arrests have been made.
New Order en Classification Worries Board of
Education and the "Director Expresses
Himself Very Forcibly.
"EXCUSE ME," SAID THE UNKNOWN,
AND THEN HE PUT UP HIS GUN
van as a suspicious one last Monday, and
¦• •:*¦•• Hyrajn and a representative of
the LMstrict Attorney's office were detail
o obtain a statement from the pa
tlent Th< y were- refused admittance by
. From Dr. Harvey's stau?
it would seem that a criminal ope
ration had bt -< ; n performed before he was
t., attend h«-r. Th* physician has
n*r BtatMnent, hut claims that it does
not contain the names of the guilty par-
Mrs. Cora Beach, a milliner. Z2 years of
age, raiding at C42 Jessie street, died last
evening under circumstances that will
cause an invesnlpatinn to be madp by the
polire and Morprue authorities. She was
-.aken ill on Aueust t'4, and Dr. Harvey
was ca!lM to attend her. Tho physician
H ported th*^ cate to Chief of Polioe Sulll-
Supposed Criminal Operation.
The cloudy sky of the last day or so
has caused those Interested in the com
ing celebration to feel a little uneasy
None liked the idea of parading In a rain
storm or attempting the entertainment of
hundreds of visitors with the clouds leak
ing like a country well bucket. But there
is no cause for fear. The weather prophet
has come to the rront with the cheerful
assurance that the Native Sons and
Daughters may calculate on shirt waists
and straw hats instead of mackintoshes
and rubber overshoes. The threatened
storm Is not of a wintry nature.
It started down somewhere In Mexico
with- the apparent firm determination of
being present at the local celebration, but
it was switched off below the Needles and
Is now plunging over the mountains to
take part In the Bryan reception In Kan
sas.
No Rain During the Celebration.
Grand President R. C. Rust will preside
at the literary exercises. He will be In
troduced by Daniel A. Ryan, chairman of
the literary committee. An address of
welcome on behalf of the city will be
made by Mayor James D. Phelan. Gov
ernor Henry T. Gage will respond. Ad
dresses are to be mane also by Grand
President Rust, by Theodore Hltiell of
the Society of California Pioneers and
Mrs. Etna Gett, grand president of
the Native Daughter. The oration will
be delivered by Grand Orator II. R. Me-
Noble of Stockton. Eustace CulUnan will
read an ode to California. The musical
features will be numerous and attractive.
The Claus Spreckels music stand
in Golden Gate Park will bo dedicated at
1:30 p. m. Sunday. The formal presenta
tion will be made by Claus Spreckels.
General W. H. L. Barnes will deliver an
oration In receiving the gift in behalf of
the city. An elaborate musical pro
gramme will be rendered by a selected
band of seventy-five pieces, under the
leadership of Professor Spadlna.
Western Sugar Refining Company; M. Ehr
man & Co.; Holbrook, Merrill & Stetson; Co
lumbia Coffee and Sptce Company; Wellman
Peck & Co. ; s^perry Flour Co. : 1), M. Osborne
& Co : F". B. I>allam & Co.; Sussman. "Worm
eer A Co.; Co#rhlll & Kohn: Penn^ll-Suydam
Co.; «. H. Tyler & Port; H. L#vl & Co.; F. H.
Busby; Bowers Rubber Co.; I )emln«c- Palmer
Milling Co.; Globe Glove Co.: I.Jvtng8ton &
Co ; Hooker & Co.; Kron Tannin* Co.; Del
Monte Milling Co.: Soott & (jllbert: Haa*
Brothers: Tuhbs CoMase Ox: J. A. Kolger &
Co.; Pacific Coast Syrup Company; J. O. Ward
& Co.; Oppenhelmer & Hrother: Wheaton,
Dreon & Co.: Flschbeck & OlooUi, American
Steel and Wire Company; BriRhnm. Hoppe &
Co ; fc«.n Jose Woolen Mill Company; Itoth.
Blum & Co.: C. P. Helninser & Co.: Anglo-
American Crockery and <Jla».«ware Company;
Nonoturk Silk Company. \V. p. Fuller & Co.;
J Urett & Co.; Sherwood & Sherwood; H. S.
Crocker Co.: I>*-E:e & Hawkins : Lnulx Kline &
Co.: A. L. Bryan Shoe Co.; ffawley Brothers
Hardware Co.: Woodin & Little: American Bls
cult Company; Daniel McLeod A Co.; Hooper
& Jennings; Meyeretem Co.; Code-Portwood
Canning Co.; Kullman, Pal* & Co.; McCarthy
Brother*; The Harry ITnna Co.; Cahn. Nlckels
bunf Co.: The I... Elkus Co.; California Pow
der Works, B. Blumenthal & Co. : J. \V. Col
lins, I>. and G. Brenner, TVlllard Brothers;
Trlest & Co.: Parrott & Co.; The Friedlander
Hat Co.: Buckingham & Hecht; Bau«r Broth
ers & Co.; Greenebaum. Well & Mlchels: Son
Brothers & Co. : Carlson-Currier Co. : O. C. Hall
* Son; Htwhfeld'r & Meaney; s. Sternhelm &
Son; California Notion and Toy Compnny:
Jones-Paddock Co.; Boston Woven Hosn and
Itubber Company; Sohloss Crockery Co.; Blake,
Moffltt * Town; Mission Soap and Candle
Works.
Merchants of this city intend that their
employes shall have full opportunity to
enjoy themselves on the last of the four
days' celebration of California's admis
sion as well as on the preceding ones.
Secretary Smith of the Hoard of Trade re
ports that the following named have sig
nified their willingness to ke»n> their
places of business closed on Tuesday, the
11th:
Merchants Agree to Do No
Business on That
Day.
WHOLESALERS
ARE TO CLOSE
ON TUESDAY
and turned the summit into feathery
plumes.
For some seconds this shaft remained
to all appearance solid as marble and
towering like a monument over the shat
tered rock. Then slowly It sank until a
troubled bubbling of the waves was all
that remained to tell of the destruction
of a historic obstruction to navigation.
All the launches and small boats dashed
In and from the water, now a dark-brown
color, gathered a harvest of fish.
On the last occasion there were no fish
to be seen. On this the bay was strewed
with them. On The fall's boat were Cap
tains Swanson and McCullough. the well
known pilots, and John Stange. Be
tween them they landed a sea bass that
weighed forty-four pounds.
SHAG ROCK Xo. 2 went skyward
yesterday, rent asunder by 22,000
pounds of powder.- At 2:1& p. m.,
when tho» mighty charge was
touched off, plenty of small launches and
pleasure boats dotted the bay, but they
gave the rock a wide berth.
Three long, shrill whistles prepared the
spectators for the crucial moment. They
had not long to wait. The water about the
rock seemed to gather itself Into an im
mense mound, which rose slowly, flashing
with a. thousand hues where the sun
caught it, until it towered above the bay
1500 feet— a solid, white column of water,
looking like a slender Iceberg. At the
top the wind caught the graceful shaft
But according to Braunhart there wiil
\>c no Mans-arri roof r.-ith his consent If It
costs rrx-'re than C00.000. He denied that
It war ever his project. In fact, he said,
he cid not think a Mansard roof was
ceded now.
Supervfsor Samuel Kraunhart ha_« defi- |
~ "¦• abandoned the scheme of putting:
a Mansard roof on the City Hall. He'
Introduced a resolution before the Board
of Supervisor* yesterday afternoon which
called upon the Board of Public Works
to r« ¦%, .r: what improvements are needed j
for ihe betterment of the present roof on I
the hall und to rile v.-ith the report an j
• timate of the cost of such improve
ments. No irentioa was made of a Mun- '
t'ard roof. The resolution was ignored j
by the board.
After the board had n/ijourred Braun
taart said that the Buraesuon of the Man- 1
sard roof came from Mr. Manson of the I
Board of Public Works. In the first place •
Kraurhan said, he- had talked with Mr.
Bametr, superintendent of public build-
Ingy, who submitted a long report in
writing. Then, so Braunhart said, ha
talked with Mr. Mans«.n. who said that I
the t];ace made by a Mansard roof would
be .i B i j-lace in which to put the Free
Library.
The sugar planter and the widow first
met feveral years ago. p.vA the 'Hawai
ian became much Interested. He repeat
edly proposed, but he was refused as often
as he offered his hand, his heart and his
pug-ar stocks. At last the Hawaiian be
came very insistent. He went to the Ha-
Frederick A. Wundenberg is a very
wealthy Hawaiian supar planter. The
plaintiff is Mrs. Julia A. Ca'houn. the
widow of the late Dr. J. G. Calhoun of
Willows. Mrs. Calhoun Is a handsome
woman and is possessed of a considerable
estate left by her husband, so that she
was independent when she met Wunden
bercr.
The suit was brought on March 1. 1300.
and has b<=-en pending ever since. Just as
the suit was brought Wundenhersr l^ft
California for the Hawaiian Islands in
order to avoid service, and this caused n
great deal of delay. The cas? Is still
pending upon some demurrers filed by
Wundenberg: to the service of the sum
mons by publica-tion. but the dismissal is
ready to be filed, and the deeOs in the
compromise are already of record.
OAKLAND, Sept. 5.-Mrs. Julia A.
[| V Calhoun has won every point in
\ i=: J/ her suit against Frederick A. Wun
denb^rg "for breach of promise, and
the deeds to the pro;>erty In dispute have
been placed upon record In this county.
The millionaire Hawaiian sugar planter
haa compromised the suit brought by the
lady and a settlement In full has been
made. The lady receives the property at
C41 Filbert street, the house and furniture
and a substantial cash payment which,
while not the full amount of $50,000 sued
for. very nearly approaches that sum.
Mrs. Calhoun believes that It was Mr.
Wundf-nberp's family that caused the
breach between them.
Then Mrs Calhoun noticed that there
came a change In his letters, and at last
they stopped altogether. Then the agents
ami attorneys began trying to dispossess
her. ar.d the suit for the property and
the breach of promise action resulted.
Then Wundenberg began negotiations
for a compromise, with the result noted.
Wundenberg later proposed that they
marry and settle down in Oakland. He
agreed to settle upon her a house and lot.
$25,000 in sugar stock and other property.
She selected the house and lot, which was
purchased for 115,000, and furnished. Wun
denberg ordered his «K<?nt to put the
property in her name, but it was put in
his namp. thouprh she went to live there.
Wundenberp was at this lime In the Ha
waiian Islands.
w*lian Islands, where his sisters live, and
p^r.t for Mr?. Calhoun to visit them. Mrs
Calhuun finally decided that she would
make the trip. She went to Honolulu and
stayed at the Royal Hawaiian Hotel for
a month, durinc which time she visited
the family of Wundenbertr. and was re
ceived into thf> he*t society in the islands*.
It was during this trip that Wundenberg
proposed that they get married in Hono
lulu. To this Mrs. Calhouu demurred
upon the ground that his family might
think that ?ht> had followed him to Ho
no'.ulu In order to marry him. Wunden
btTK pleaded that he was compelled to go
to Australia, apd that he wanted the cer
emony performed before he went, but
Mrs. Calhoun replied that she would con
sider the matter upon her and his return
to San Francisco. So he went to Aus
tralia and ehe came back to San Fran
cisco.
Introduces Resolution Before
Supervisors, Who
Ignore It
MANSARD ROOF
SCHEME DROPPED
BY BRAUNHART
in certain sections* of the city exempts
wires used for messenger service.
Mr«. Mary I.. »"rais made a plea for
The hur.<3r*-i's of laborer* emploved by
Gray l?r<>s. and In behalf of 3» families
dependent upon "he laborers, who are en
dtiivnrinar to acquire little homes for
fhrmiMilrrtT
The resolution prar.tinp permission to
the San Francisco Special Ser
vice to erect overhead wires for the pur
poM r,f receiving caJIs from patrons was
rnally parsed in accordance with an opin
ion handed down by City Attorney Lane.
That official holds that the order provid
ing f.:r the placing uf wires underground
Zif^r Ty, . • ;;;y-riiA;h • ar.d DoUsLtss streets
stm laM over for two weeks. In the
meantime the Chief «f Police will be
directed net to interfere with their opera
'i'n. Many progeny owners and resi
dent* Interested in the matter were pres
• :.; .ititi addressed the board. Many petl
•.'.•*r..< were rend. In which It !s c'.aimed
that "the quarry ;ird rock-crusher works
no Inconvenience on the people residing in
the immediate neighborhood and favoring
it? rEiiistenanoe <¦;! ike ground of public
benefit. Counter-petitions were al?o read
In which it i« alleged that the plant is an
arable nuisance and that the firm
La* not carrier! vui its agreement to pre
vent the dusi rl~::c In cloud*.
Gray Bros." Heck-Crusher and Quarry
Still Under Discussion — Overhead
Wires Allowed for Messen
ger Service.
The amenaed ordinance refrulatlugr the
establishment and maintenance of public
laundries and public wash-houses was
f.ncJly pss5."1 hy Um Supervisors yester
day. The ordinance as adopted rises the
hours of labor in laundries a.1 from C a. m.
tc 7 p. in.
Th«? resolution providing f'ir the con
demnation as a public nuisance of Gray
BroA." r~ck-rru^!:er and quarry located
Supervisors Accede to Plea
Made lor Overworked
Employes.
SHORTER HOURS
WILL PREVAIL
IN LAUNDRIES
SUGAR SATISFIES LOVE
IT FAILED TO SWEETEN
A Hawaiian Millionaire Compromises
With Woman He Jilted, Paying
¦ Her Nearly $50,000.
City Attorney Asked to Determine
Who Shall Eepair Schoolhouses.
Many Teachers Given New
Certificates.
— « — ,
The Board of Education was treated to
some interesting law points at yesterday's
meeting by Vice Principal Knowlton of the
Everett Grammar School, who claims to
have been arbitrarily suspended from his
position on an unfavorable report tiled by
Mrs. Banning, tlie principal or the school.
President Ihhtk stud lie nad been assured
that thi.- board nail Jurisdiction in the
matter and desired to Know it' Knowlton,
who was present, wanted a public or pri
vate hearing.
"Let it be public by all means," said
Knowlton.
Casserly moved that the hearing be
taken up this morning at 10 a. m., but this
was objected to by Knowlton, who said:
"Vou bave heard, from the principal and
I have been summoned three times. I
submit that there have been no charges
legally formulated by the School Superin
tendent. 1 desire to know If the rule
granting the president power to suspend
was not adopted after my suspension was
ordered."
Knowlton then, read a statement
in which he claimed that the principal's
adverse report did not specify any of the
four causes Justifying suspension and that
Chairman Mark had no right to suspend,
even though a rule granting him the
power had been adopted. He quoted law
In support of his suspension. The hearing
was then postponed until this morning.
The action of the president In transfer
ring S. rit urges, vice principal of the John
Swett School, to the vice principalship of
the Everett School, during- the temporary
suspension of Knowlton was confirmed.
L. M. Shelley was assigned to the Hum
boldt Evening School, Mrs. M. Watson
to the Lincoln Evening School, and Miss
Lucy Wade to the Hancock Grammar
School.
The action of the president in temporar
ily assigning Mrs. Clara J. Blgelow to the
vice nrinc-tpalship of the John Swett
School was confirmed.
President Mark was authorized to re
quest of the City and County Attorney'an
opinion as to "whether the repairing of
the school buildings belongs to the Board
of Public Works or the Board of Educa-
B F Slmcoe. A. I-. Read and E. E
Goodell were appointed special teachers
of manual training in the department and
Mrs R. J. de Yoe special teacher of cook
ing.
Teachers' certificates v/ere ordered is
sued as follows, on recommendation of
the Board of Examiners:
Grammar trail- rertiflcate. Miss Lillian
Boden. Special certlnoates in »loyd— A. L.
Read E. E. Goodell anJ B. F. Slmcoe. Sp<#tal
cooking certificate. Mrs. Hose de Yoe. Re
newal of grammar srade certificates for six
v«-ar» A. K. Roberts. Mrs. K. K. Edwards,
Sllss Annie O'Connell. Mrs. d. H. Allison, lie
newal of primary certificate. Miss May Ivory.
Renewal of life diploma of high school grade,
Mies C E Wilnon. Grammar grade life diplo
mas—Miss Miriam Silver. Mies A. J. Connolly.
Miss J. I. Kean. Miss Margaret Crowley. Miss
M V Arnold. Mlrs Minnie Bley. Mlaa Mabel
Sankey nnd Miss Martha Calvert.
The schools will be closed on Monday
and Tuesdav. September 10 and 11.
Vice Principal Pretests in
Cpeu Meeting Against
Suspension.
SCHOOL BOARD
HEARS THE LAW
FROM KNOWLTON
From the Simons Font Brick Company
for permission to blast on property situ
ated In block 8 of th.» Markot-street
Homestead, near the Twin Peaks, for the
purpose of starting a manufacturing: brick
plant.
From property owners for an order ap
propriating $10.t)o0 for the Improvement of
San Bruno road, between Fifteenth ave
nue and the Six-mile house.
From property owners asklm? that the
assessment levied July 19. 190rt. for Im
proving the crossing of San Jose avenue.
Twenty-eighth and Guerrero streets, be
set aside and a new assessment enacted.
From residents and occupants on First.
Folsom. Market and Battery streets that
the Market Street Railway Company be
granted permission trt erect an overhead
trolley system on First and Battery
streets.
The following petitions, protests and
communications were referred to commit
tees:
Referred to Committees.
The Junk dealers* license ordinance was
amended to eliminate from its provisions
dealers in second-hand furniture, drugs.
Jewelry, medicines, precious metals or
merchandise, and to require permits for
carrying on junk business to be signed
by the Police Commissioners.
The Printing Committee was empowered
to receive competitive bids for and to
award to the lowest bidder a contract for
furnishing a sixty-drawer card cabinet
and for printing 12O,0uQ cards according
to the specifications on file in the As
sessor's office; also for a complete set of
insurance maps of San Francisco.
' The San Francisco Brick Company was
I, granted permission to operate a steam
'boiler to be used for the manufacture -if
' bricks In block 12 of the Flint Tract, near
I Park Hill.
The drawbridge at Fourth and Oirrnel
streets will be kept closed between the
hours of 9 a. m. and 12 m. September *.
to accommodate the crowds who will wit
ness the launching of the battleship Wy
oming at the Potrero.
The California Glue Works was err\nt<v1
permission to use oil for fuel under tb %
boilers situated on Sixth avenue and R
street south. Similar permission w.t*
granted to the Standard Oil Company, the
American Tool Company an.l the San
Francisco and Pacific Glass Works.
The Board of Public Work* was author
ized to enter Into a contract with the
lowest bidder for the privilege of remov
ing street sweepings from Eleventh and
Bryant streets to points in Golden Gate
Park to be designated by the Board of
Park Commissioners.
An ordinance was pa^ed to print fully
accepting Hermann street, between TV'eb
j ster and Buchanan, ar.d the crossing of
¦ Hermann and Webster streets and Po
| trero avenue, bftwem Twenty-third ar.d
I "Twenty-fourth streets.
The width .of the «!Cc.valk3 on the
I southerly side of Thirtieth street, between
i Chenery and Dame, was fixed at fifteen
feet.
Miscellaneous Business.
The ordinance •"Prohibiting th° con
struction, manufacture, sale, hiring, lea*
lng.keeping. maintaining, use, employme.it
and operation of. and ihe manner of ui),
employment and operation of •nicke.-tn
the-slot' machines, anil machines. Instru
ments, contrivances and devices of &
similar character, prohibiting cheats an*
frauds in connection therewith, and pro
viding for the examination and inspection
of the same by police officers," was finally
passed.
Reed explained that the Police Commit
tee had recommended favorable action, aa
the ordinance had been drafted and fa
vored by the Police Department to pre
vent any frauds in connection with tha
machines.
An ordinance was presented by Braun
hart granting the Board of Public Works
charge of all public buildings and struc
tures, including their repair, maintenance
and heating: also an ordinance authoriz
ing the Board of Public Worka to adver
tise In the manner required by law and
enter into a contract to] the erection of a
photograph gallery In the Hall of Justice.
A resolution was presented b McCarthy
directing the attention of the Board of
Education to the charter provision requir
ing the Board of Public Works to make
all repair? to nchoolhouses. McCarthy
says that in this connection the Board of
Education has illegally appointed an In
spector of buildings at $125 p-^r month.
The School Board nlro persists in makin<
the repairs. McCarthy said that any
agreement between the two board* was
In direct violation of the charter, which
was clear on the point He also directed
the attention of th* Board of Public
Works to the provision placing the mat
ter of tearing up the streets solely in its
hands. The resolution was referred tu
the Judiciary Committee.
The board adiuurrif-a to m.^et next
Wednesday at 2:30 o'clcok.
The ordinance. "Prohibiting person*
from becoming Inmate* of or visitors to
'poolrooms,' or rooms, apartments or
places where pools are raadf bought or
sold, or where bets or wagers are made,
staked, pledged, recorded or registered on
horse-racing or on contests of speed be
tween horses, or on dog-racing, or on con
tests of speed between dogs, or on boxin?
matches or on contests between men."
was finally passed by the Board 61 Super
visors yesterday. Any violation of the or
dinance is punishable by a fine of *300 or
imprisonment fur six months.
Bill Begulating Nickel-in-the-Slot
Card Machines and Providing for
Their Inspection by the Police
Department Adopted.
Ordinance on Subject Is
Finally Passed by the
Supervisors.
VISITING POOL
ROOMS IS MADE
A MISDEMEANOR
SHAG ROCK NO. 2 RENT
BY TONS OF POWDER
Fifteen Hundred Foot Column of Sun
lit Water Towering Over Spot
Makes Scene Memorable.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER fl, 1000.
JUST AFTER EXPLOSIVE IN ROCK HAD BEEN DETONATED.
From a photo by Charles Weldner.
Keith's opening. Friday, Saturday, Sept.
7, 8. Keith's pattern hats, bonnets, mil
linery novelties. Keith's. 808 Market at
Phelan building. •
The sale of fine shoes for $1 85 will be
continued for one more day. Remember
these are a portion of 200 cases which, hav
ing arrived a little late In the season, were
rejected by prominent local dealera, and
are worth from $3 to %4 a pair. The Bee
Hive Shoe Co.. 717 Market at., near Third.*
PRIKCIPAIS IN COMPEOMISED BREACH OF PROMISE SUIT.
9
"I could see piarnJy that titter break-
down was ahead of me. Tust at this
time T wsf led to u^e Grnne-Xuts and I
found the food cure. I quickly Grained)
ftrenjrth snd flesh, mv gastric troubles j
were relieved a:id my sVcr> sweet acrain.
A-ide from^the powerful nutritive value!
of Gr*pe-N'uts food, do vou know thrt I
it xvi!l in'oart its de"toi<->u«. nutritive
flp.x^r to ajrnotf any dish that it is added
to? For instance, a spoonful or two
*tirred ir.to a bread nuddincr before
bakincr prives it a marvelous flivor. fa"
superior to spices: also a little cooked
in custard for 'unch or supner not onlv
addi snechl relish, rmt «r»ecial sustc- j
nance." Mrs. L. S. Goodwin. '
•'Sir.ce the 'Millennium' came to our
cuifine we have no further occasion to
take into our stomachs the masses of
pasty, partly conked food that we used
before Grape-Nuts came. I speak di-
rectly of myself. I had been for a lon#
time the victim of gastric indigestion,
brought on by steady mental work and
a lack of proper food. I passed sleep-
less nights: and work in the davtime
¦was exceedingly difficult Many spells
of \-ertis° came on and mv nerves and
temper were in anything but a normal
"I finally had three successive n!>ht
attacks and I verily thonfrht the end had
come. I would throw out at midnight
the lunrh of Scotch porridge eaten the
noon previous, unchanged, except that
it had turned intensely bitter. Violent
vomitincr continued for eight or ten
hour?, and the after-exhaustion was all
but <!eath!v.
A peculiar remark made by a minister
st a New England dinner caused some
comment. He was being served for the
fir<t tun* wnh Grapc-Xuts food He
looked t-p and asked what it was and
being told, said, "They might 'have
named it Millennium." The ho-tcss a
lady on the editorial staff of the Bos-
ton Watchman, further remarks:
A LA "MILLENNIUM."
A S"ew England Minister's Compari-
GnAPE-NUTS
sonTHE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 6, 1900.
10
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
nUSKCESS OFFICE of The Pan Francisco
C&ll. orraor of Market End Third streets, o^en
P.I1AN'~11 OFFICES— :-27 M ontg-o'uiery street,
comer Clay; open until S:30 p. m.
"00 Hayes ttrect: open ur.til 5:20 p. tn.
fiS? McAllister street: open until 9:30 p. m.
Ci:. Larkin street: «-pen ur.til 9:30 p. m.
XM1 MiF-sLon street; open until 10 p. m.
2TG1 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
ur.t!l 9 p. rn.
3C€ Eleventh etrret; open until 5 p. m.
3 r vG Valencia ftreet: or-en until 9 p. m.
Northwest corner Twenty tcund and Ken-
tuefcy frtroetr; open until S p. m.
MEETING KOTfCES.
CALIFORNIA Lodtre No. X. P. and A. m
XI.. will mert THIS (THURSDAY)
EVENING. Sept. 6. at 7:30 o'clock JSLlf
Stau-d meeting. By order of the mas- ' v
ter. FRANKLIN II. DAY. Sec.
MISSION Chautc-r No. 79. R. A. M.— *»
Stated roeeune THIS (TiUT.FnAT) m J\ m
EVENING. 7:30 o'clock. Mission Ida- J&3T
conic Tcn.ple, K6S Mission Et. Buslm-ss ' V
and M. 11. degree. By order of the H. P.
iXO. R. IIILLMAN. Sec
FIDELITY Lc<?re No. 120. F\ and A. M. it
—Stated Tr.cetlnp TKI" (THURSDAY) _C^
EVENING at 7:*0 o'clock.' By crder >Kx\
of the W. M. r^r
FREDERICK BARRY. Secretary.
EOTTH Pan Francisco Lodre No. 212. F. m
ar.<t A. M.— Stated mectln* THIS__A>*_
(THURSDAY) EVENING at S o'clock. T&2?
E. C. HARE, Secretary. /\r^
I5OTUC Lo<5ff» No. 216. F. and A. il.— »
EtaTf? n-.t-etine THIS fTHI.'RSDAT)
EV:.NIN(J, at 7:20 o'clock. By order }SJ\
or tkt rr.a--:er. t*v
J. R. GOLDSMITH, Secretary.
OFFI<"ETvP ar.1 mrmhers of South San ft
Frarciet t Lodpe No. 2:2. F. and A. M..
o.r» ro<iu<*!=t«"<J to ortenj the funeraJ of jt
Pxfl Mr.s--r BTEPHEN B. I3LAKF.S- f^F^
LEE cf Qjitiran Lodfre No. *X. K. and A
M.. of BtooafielO, Cat.. w::!ch will be held
ct ilasonlc Hail. Fourteenth and Railroad
ave*.. South Har. Francisco, on THUKSDAY.
S»rti"T.lx-r 6. at 2 p. m. By order of the
Master. E. C. HARK. Secretary.
OCCirENTAL I/ortje No. 1TJ. I. O.
O. F.— Iriiiation TUIP < T HU RS -
DAY) ITVn.VINT Visitors wel- --5|«K!55
come. TKO?. TIPPKTT. N. O.
K. S. ¦WISWELL. R. S.
ETOTK HOLDERS' MEETING — Pursuant to
resolution of the board of director*, a meet-
Ir.s of the stockholders of The Sirne Company
W.:i be he'd at tbe principal pla.ee of business
of raid company, viz.. rooms 26-S7 of the Sth
floor. Mills building, San FranciFCO, Cal., on
WEDNESDAY, the Cl*t day of October, 800.
•t 1:30 oVlnck p. m. The object of the meet-
ir.g :r to cimlniEh the capital stock to $2.".C0.
or 12'-+ cente per thare. and to transact euch
ether buetneti? a-« may ccme before the meet-
ing. ALBERT C. AIKEN. President.
Dated Aur^t "3. 000. «
EPHCIAL revival meetings at Pentestal Mission
Hall. S»H Fourth st.. by Rev. John Bennett
Andersan. Brltiih singing pilgrim, Aug. 29
to Sept. 12: yea are invited.
PENIEL camp meeting. Beu'.ah Park, East'
Oakland. Pepterr.ber 1 to September 18.
WINDOWS AND SEATS FOR PARAjDE.
A FINE view of tha parade from grand stands
corner Sutter ar.d Van Ness ave.; also Junc-
tion Market et. and Van Ness ave. : both con-
*'ructod under ar>r>roved plans of Board of
Public "Works: private boxes and chair seats
reserved at Sherman, Clay & Co.'s, cor. But-
ter anfl K>arnjr Btfc ; remaining Beats aft»r
Saturday at crai:d rtarAs.
W1XUOWB ajid Feats to rlew the oarads on
Monday; cran<1 view; no obstruction. Mc-
DCWELL. 101? Market st.
WINDOWS to let for Jubilre parade, corner
Van Nees ave. and McAllister Ft.; fine view;
er.trar.ee <5.3 McAllister St.; SD a^id 110.
FI'RNIFHED room — Keamy-st. corner; superb
vIpw f^>r street scenes holiday week. Apply
MAX CLARK, 420 California et.
V.'INDOtVS to rlew the parade on Monday;
crand i-lcir. 143 Market St.. near Tenth.
WINDOW? to view the parade on Monday:
rrar.d view. 12^ Market St.. landlady.
TWO nice w!r.dowf for parade. Apply Imme-
diately, room 10. 8» Market st.
XiESERVED scats in f.nest f.rst-f.oor windows
:n city; fine vltw. Apply 12^ Market fit., r. 2.
FXSKr^TD sf»its In bay-wirdow; fine vie-sp.
AptIt j;;s Market st.. room i
BEATS for rale for parade; fine view; NE. cor.
Larkin nnd Market. Apply T^TS Market ft.
AGENTS WASTED.
JT; TO !o0 fiajly easily made by our Live Agents,
ir.pn or women, selling our latest novelty,
o&rr.paifrn waterproof neckties: Broods entirely
r>--«- ar.d pn tinted; ap^-nts deliphted; sales un-
limited: what ethers do you can do; write to-
<iny; secure exclusive territory: guaranteed
beat seller. Address, with Ftamp, M. A- If.
MANFG. CO.. Dept C. Sprir.itfleld. Mass.
AOF..VTS — r>o y«>u want something more profit-
able, better r>r.<! easier to pell than books?
Address F. PERSON, room 412, Parrott bids.
A.GSKTB to sell novflt!P8 for the celebration.
<"a'l at once. D50 Mi<-«ion «t.
LADY solicitors everywhere; female tonic; pre-
ventive, corro'tlve. 3:,0 Phelan building. S. F.
A^-EN'TS of al,!!!ty and experience in life InFur-
er.c. CrJl at r^tn 1^1. K1 Market, ccr. Sixth.
WE handle r.eweyt novelties for acents. PA-
<"IFIC AGENTS' SrPPLY <O.. 8461 l?th gt.
ASPHALTCM ROOFING.
J. PEI.TIKR. asphalt rooflnpr, sidewalks; cellar
floors laid, repaired; postal. 11S3 Mission st.
ATTORXEVS AT LAW.
ADVICE free; fiivoree law a specialty: private:
r.o fee without reccf : collections. G W.
HOWE, any at law, £00 Market, cor. Stockton.
It. W. KING, attorney. 927 Market St.. room €27;
general practice; moderate fees; oonsult. free.
FREE edrice; divorce laws, damages, estates,
collection*. J. A. Mitchell, 814 Montgomery.
Ar>VICE free: no charre unlees successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. 527 Market Bt.. opp. Mason.
L. F. CLARK. Emma S-preekelis bldg., 927 Mar-
ket Ft.; consultation free; no lees in advance.
CT.'STER, HERMAN J., attorney. S27 Market
Ft., r. 525; open eve.. "-»; consultation free.
HATH CAUIXETS.
ROBINSON S5. *-panel folding; door opens: firm
and Faf<v W. P. BROWN, gen, agt., 426 E1118.
BL'SIXESS CHAXCES.
A— 51100; CORNER procery and bar: choicest
location In the Mission; rent $35; 4 living
rooms; place eetab. years; as owner, a
widow, want* to retire. Call R. G. WILKE,
2C!i Kearny St.
A-5-»i; SALOON with building of 7 rooms;
lor^c eround l*ase; close to Ur.lon Iron
Works; place estab. 1C years and doing a
first-class vayir.j; business. Call R. G.
WILICn. IC\» Ktaray i?t.
A— JKj: GROCERY and bar. with 8 living
rocm?; rent JIO; thickly tettled neighbor-
hood, gout!-, of Market st. Cail II. G. WILKE,
26"»s Kearny st.
A— CORNER eisrar store on Kearny st. ; clear-
ing above J150 r«" mozlh. Call R. G. WILKE.
t&hb Kearny tt.
A— tZVi; CORNER saloon on Polk Bt. : long
le«f«: cheap rtnt: first-clats paying business:
death cf ovroer cause of tale. See R. O.
WILKE, 2SVs Kearny st. .
A— !S0O: PALOON; close to new Hall of Justice;
rent JSO; daily receipts $15; a snap. Call K.
G. WILKire. 2CV4 |Cearriy et.
A— llPt'O: PARTNER wanted In porter, stout
and \Wls# bfrr brewery: Investigate; a rare
chance. Call R. G WILKE, iCVi Kearny st.
A— $2r.'iO: STATION BRY. notiorp and ice cream
parlors, connected with genera! agency of all
K. F. papers; cl«o ccneral ag"ncy of 2 steam
laundries; no opposition In either line, rent
$25; in livHv business town across the bay.
Particulars R. O. WILKE. tPfc Kearny st.
A— $100n : BAKERY, 2 blocks south of Market
itt.: I'lace est?b. years;: doing a ccxxl business;
nil Etore trade; rent J43: V' 2 to 2 barrels per
day. Particulars R. G. WILKE, 2«b Kearny.
T750-HAKER1'; all Btore tra<7ef7iccipts *23 a
<!ay earn; bei--t jilace in the city for the
mon«Y. LANE tc CO., (65 Market «t.
$350— NOTIONS. bread. milk, confectionery,
dears and stationery ; elejjant living rooms;
••heap r*-nt: best part of the city. LANE &
CO.. SC3 Market ft.
J4W-RESTAITRANT: wholesale dist.: old e?t.;
fir.p location: do!r,g fine caph business; cheap
r«it; must •«!!. LANC & CO.. 860 Market Et.
WE have larre^t |fc t cf paloons, hotels, gro-
ceries, riftar rtcrA; delicatessens, rtc. in the
rity; before buying call SCHWEINHARD &
CO.. *17 Market Ft., between Fifth and Bixth;
telephone Mint 3311.
PARTNER wanted in a flrpt-class Market-st.
photograph gallery, lady or cfntleman: on»
of tbe partner? r*uirinc; Fp'endld opportunity.
Apply to -NA<;Li; A; NAGLE, Attorneys.
«K« Eirnu fipreekels building. 927 Market et.
PARTNER wanted in billiard parlor, barber
t\v V. '• tatinnery. notions, confectionery busi-
nr^y; thriving country town. Address box
4CJ. Cull office. ¦
{SPLENDID r.u?inpss opening for a" flrst-claes
milliner. A<1dn>fis> Immediately LANDLORD,
t.ox 4OG0, Call office^
6ALOON for sale; opposite ferry. Apply at
111 nast et., north of Market: no agente.
PARTNER wanted In a fjrst-claas saloon. Ad-
dress box 400, Call office.
niTSTNSSS CHANCES CONTINUED.
: jeCO-MECHANICS' board and lodging house;
I bargain; sickness cause of sale. McLAUGH-
LIN & CO., 777*,i Market St.
12000— PARTNER wanted In wholesale and re-
tail liquor store with large outside trade.
Mclaughlin & co.. tt?',. Market st.
H2M-CORNEB grocery and bur; bargain. Mc-
UAPGHUN & CO.. 777H; Market st.
$H»— BUTCHER shop; bargain; sickness cause
I of sale. McLAUGHLIN <fc CO., 777Vj Market.
I JTOf-FURNISHED flat, north of Market St.;
departure cause of sale. McLAUGHLIN &
I CO.. 777'4 Market St.
I RESTAURANT for sale; established 10 years;
j will b* sold at sacrifice. 1024 Hyde st
I $2W-PARTNER wanted in good paying com-
I minion business. Address box 4058. Call.
I3SO0 — COAL ar.d feed yard and express busi-
ness; 4 horses and 5 wagons; good building;
living-rocms; long lease; excellent chance;
good location. IS"j Sixteenth st.
j $20<Xi— PARTNER wanted in livery and board-
ing stable; good value; paying business.
DONNELLY & CO.. 632 Market gt.
! $350— LAUNDRY route; good wagon; clears i
i about $60 per month; good customers; stands
! itiverticatioc Address box 4M>3. Call.
; NO ajrente; fine bargain — Restaurant and ba-
kery; 3 llvlr.g-rocms; must sell; present oc-
cupant 5 years: never on the market before.
Particulars at 103 Fifth 5t
I COUNTRY merchants trading with Indians can
; find a market for Indian baskets by address-
1 Ir.g the Mexican and Indian Curio Co., 61a
Seventeenth et.. Denver. Colo.
; TO rent— For <*oal yard, milk depot, etc.: fine
location; place is entirely covered; contains 3
' FtaMs; rent only J1S; water free. Inquire
HENPRICKSO'N & CO.. 614 Call building.
j FOR PALE— A bargain; a smali milk business;
I complete. Apply H. BLANKEN. Slx-mlle
Ha;;. Ean Bruno road.
i nPTABLISHED bakery and restaurant: will
• Ftll r<*aFOT3able ; account of sickness. 714 Va-
1 lencia ex.
: SAI/XJN on busy Ftreet; doing pood business.
Particulars U. S. Brewery. 315 Fulton st.
1 PARTNER wanted in printing business; a good
! opportunity. 402 McAllister Ft.
; $s:.O- BUTTER, egps. milk, delicacies; living
rooms; rent $15, water free. 3!>5 Sixth »t.
i WKLL-STOCKEP stationery, notion and cigar
j store. Box B. Call branch. 300 Hayes Et.
' COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL & CO.. 412 Sacramento st.
. CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
, A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
; subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia Bt^ -
LODGING-HOUSES FOR. SALE.
j A— 22-ROOM rooming-house; central J1000
I 11-room house; $200 down, balance easy... tCO
I 20-room house: first ciass 1C50
SO-room house; all newly furnished 31C0
' 11-room house. $475; C-rocm flat 325
FISHER & CO.. 1C32 Market »t.
A-SAY, FISHER & CO., have you lodging-
houses? Yes. what price? $3(0 up, any loca-
tion deeired; 12 rooms, J300; 10 rooms. $450: 10
rooms, new, J900. fine; 20 rooms, bargain, $750;
37 roome. $2000. snap; all sizes, all prices, all
; new bargains; call and see us. 1032 Market.
! 34-ROOMED housa on McAllister; transient....
: 2S rooms and boarding-house: on Eddy
i 10-roon-ied fiat: elegant furniture: very cheap.
22-roomed house on Geary; a bargain
....S-roomed house on Hyde st.; make offer....
13-roomed house on Turk; $.150
; A lovely cottage on Haight, nr. Laguna; low
; price; a laree list of other houses at office.
EMERY & BMITTI. 3 Eddy, tel. Folsom 1513.
j R. H. WINSTON & CO.. 1D20 Market Et.
t IS rooms; rent $00; clean house $S50
| 32 rooms; corner; rent $65 1150
; L6 rooms; rent $40; only 900
| CO rooms; rent $io; eee It 1200
; 14 ROOMS; rent $22 $<i r -
i 44 ror,m«; rent $70 10M
I 20 r«on'.s; clears J75 month l-".0:J
! 12 rooms: rent $41 300
SKIFF. 204 Montgomery st.
$7r.oo— LARGE lot with stores and 30-room ho-
tel on main street in Alameda; close to nar-
row and broad trause lines; fine and good-pay-
ing Investment: liberal terms. A. M. SPECK
& CO., C£7 Market St.
OVER 2 ri 0 houses for eale: price, location. t>Ize
and terms to suit you; call for list. M. GRIF-
FIN. 719 Market st., room 1, by "Call" bldg.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call, 16 r>HRe«i, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1,
postage paid. "
CARRIAGES AND WAGONS.
ALL kinds of warrons, buggies, carts, harness,
j etc., cheap. EGAN & SON, 2117 Mission st.
AN A No. 1 express wauon, single, also lleht
camping vagon, for sale cheap. 532 Mission.
NEW & M-hand wagons, buggies, carts & har-
ness. work & driving horses, ".th & Valencia.
CAMPAIGN PHOTO BUTTONS.
MF'T of all kinds of photo buttons and jewelry;
wholesale and retail; send for catalogue.
. Miniature Portrait Co.. S33 Market St., S. F.
CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to S-PAT'LTjINfrS Pioneer Carj.et-Eeat-
| Irifj Works. 3C3-2." Tfhama St.; tel. South 40.
J. McQCKKITS California Carpet Cleaning Co..
I 4S3 Stevenson t-t.; tel. South 228: lowest rates.
I J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-Beating and Reno-
! vatinp Co., 240 Fourteenth Bt. ; tel. Mission 74.
j CITY Steam Carpet-Beating Works, G. H.
STEVENS, mjrr., 2S-40 Sth St.; tel. South 250.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard, laid at 4c.
STRATTON'S. 3 Eighth Bt. ; tel. Jessie 944.
[ ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 4«2 Sutter St.;
! tel. M.iln 234. GEO, WALCOM, proprietor.
i CONKLIN'S Carpet-Beating Works. 333 Golden
I Gate ave.; telephone EaFt 12G.
SPIRITUALISM.
| ARRIVED- Mrs. Dr. Farnham. world-renowned
i spiritual medium; advice in all affairs of life.
I lawsuit*, fllvorces, deaths; unites the separat-
ed; mining a specialty; cirs. Sun., Wed., Fri.
eve's; come and be convinced. (Permanently)
| B13 Eddy, bet. Hyde and Larkin; no sign.
j FREE manifestations of magnetic healing by
C. Carleton: psychic reading by Mrs. Cora
Renne. 437 O'FarreU St., Thursday, tp. n.
SPIRITUAL meeting to-night; convincing test;
Mrs. Maxwell; 8 p. in.; readings daily. 1233
Howard et.
MME. YOUNG'S convincing test circle to-night,
605 McAllister Bt. : 10c; sittings dally.
; MRS. LESTER— Circle Sun.. Tues., Fri. eves.,
10c; readings daily; L. 25c, G. f.Oc. 127 Turk.
! MRS. BRYANT, gifted medium, 110 Sixth Bt.,
i room 8; ladles, DOo; gents, $1.
: FAMOUS medium and palmjfet. "Special this
j week." Full readings, 25c, 50c. 15SlMkt.,nr.l2tn.
! MRS. KOTTER. 34 Sixth St.. circle to-day, 2 <fe
8 p. m. ; 10c; sittings daily; G.. $1; L.. 50c.
MATCHETT holds circle to-night. 8 o'clock;
10e; test all. 132 4th; sittings daily, 50c.
MME. MAJORS, gifted spiritual medium, heal-
er and card reader. 132 Sixth St.. room 1.
j MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, c}*irvoyant. test, busl-
j ness medium, life reader; sittings $1. 1104 Mkt.
j FRIENDSHIP Hall. 335 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
' Meyer, sit. dally; convinc'g tests to-night 10c.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil & second sight,
diagnoses disease with life reading: ladies 50c:
gents $1 ; palm. & clair, eit. $1 50. 32« Turk Bt.
JSMAR, the Egyptian gypsy cla'.rvoyant and
I palmist, perrrjtnently located 114S Market, opp.
! 6th; private rending^ dally 10 a. m. to 6 p. m.
j MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader nnd
j palmistry; truth or no pay; 25c 1149 Mission.
CARDS read; gentlemen, DOc; ladies, 25c. 940
Howard st.
MME. HANSON, palmistry, card reader; past,
present, future, 25o. 148 Sixth st. room 14.
MME. 7.EREDA. the gypsy, i» the great palm-
ist and card reader; 25c. 7 Seventh; no sien.
| MME. LENEMAR— Fortunes by planets; pre-
dicted overdue rtmr Gold wreck. 310 Mason st.
! WYLLIE, photo medium. 330 Ellis St.; last
week; come early.
j MRjf. MELVILLE well-known clairvoyant and
Mater reader, moved to 11, fith; German spokn.
MMK. SCHAFFER. clairvoyant, card reader
I sittings daily. 212«£ Sixth tt.
I MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given: 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
MME SYP-ILLE— Cradle tc trave-; future hua-
bar.d'y lecture. 25c; ladlen. 914 O'Farrell Et.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No'charKTun^
less successful. Room 310. 927 Market at.
COTTAGES TO LET.
GROVE, 720H— 4 large sunny rooms; gas; bath;
f?ar<l<»n: separate yard.
DOG HOSPITALS.
DR. BUZARD'8 Dog Hospital, Post, Fillmore—
Advice and medicine, 75c; city visits, $1 50; all
animals treated: does boarded. Tel. West fi3C.
DR. Creely's C. P. mange cure and worm pills
by dnifgliU or at hospital, 510 Golden Gate av.
DENTISTS.
AT the ELECTRO^E^TAlTcLrNIC, 809 MaV-
ket St., cor. 4th, rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly: teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
S3 50 up; plates, extractions free, $4 SO up; of-
iice hours. 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. ; Sundays. 9 to 2
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON, M. P.. Manager.
A— DR. V. CAVALSKY has returned from
the Parts Exposition with seme of the finest
patents for p.'<l"less dentistry, plates, teeth
without a plate, crown and bridge work: all
work warranted; plates, full set, $5; fillings,
E0c;crown, $3 50. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 6th.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings: extractions or fillings by my won-
derful secret, painless method; 20 years' ex-
perience; no students; advice free;, prices
cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Fnrrell st.
CROWN and bridge work experts: our work is
unexcelled and our prices are the lowest; call
and gee our samV'es and get our prices before
going elsewhere; best of references; examina-
tion free. DRS. PERKINS & DOVEY. 1019
Market St.. bet. Sixth and Seventh; elevator.
TEETH extracted free; plates, $5; crowns. $3 50;
bridgework. $r>; all the latest methods for
painless dentistry: hour?, 9 a. m. to 9 p. m.
Modern Dental Parlors, 1206 Market, cor. O. (j.
DR~LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
—No charge for extracting when plates are
made — old plates made over like new; teetn
from $8 per set; extracting, EOc; gaa given.
DR. ALBERT HILL S50 Market, cor. Stockton,
for a perfect set of teeth and teeth without
plates; lowest prices for the best work.
LOWEST prices in S. F.; painless extraction.
We. New York Dentists. 9G9 Mission, cor. 6th.
PARIS Dental Parlor, 235 Kearny. cor. Bush-
Full set of teeth. $4; crowns, $3; fillings.
VAN VROOM — "Painless"; evenings and Sun-
days. 3001 Market Ft., corner Sixth.
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. O.
YOUNG, 1841 Polk st.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United R'ates nr Carmda one year for SI.
DRESSMAKERS AXD SEAMSTHESSBS
Mer>OTVELL Dressmaking and Millinery
School; patterns cut to order. 1019 Market st.
DRESSMAKING— Ladies' and children's suits
from $2 CO up. 7 Grand ave., above Ninth.
S. F. Drersmaking. Ladies' Tailoring and Mil-
linery School; French system. 411 Van Nose.
ACCORDION pleating factory: all kinds pleat-
Ir.g, pinking. Ill Post, over O'Connor&Moffatt.
EDUCATION* AX..
AYRES' Business College, 723 Market St.; life
scholarship, $50; includes shorthand, typing,
bookkeeping, telegraphy; day and evening;
Just added, new business practice offices and
20 new typewriters; catalogue free.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post St., 8. F.—
Practical courses In bookkeeping, shorthand,
typing, languages, telegraphy, English
branches, clvii. electrical and mining engi-
neering, etc. ; new gO-page catalogue free.
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university. law and medical
colleges : references, President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
BOOKKEEPING, free trial; private lessons: i
mos. in college not equal to 8 wks. with me;
$23. TARR, expert, accnt., 429 Parrott bldg.
ENGINEERING, civil, elec, mining, mech. sur-
vev. afsay. cyanioe. arch. : day. eve. : est. 1864.
VAN PER NAILLEN SCHOOL. 833 Market.
ALL students but two taking full course this
year got positions. PAN FRANCISCO BUSI-
NESS COLLEGE, 1236 Market st.
FRENCH students— 1 or 2 boarded; professor's
quiet family; ref. req. Maun', box 4067, Call.
PIANO and German; pupil of Conservatory ' n
Lelpsie; lessons 75e. 220 Golden Gate ave.
CALIFORNIA Buplne-s College, 305 Larkin—
All branches; thorough; positions secured.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc., day or eve.; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
LE Jirt'NE Art and Craft School: modeling,
designing, carving, all branches. 424 Pine st.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 18 pases, sont to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
A— JAPANESE and Chinese employment con-
tractor; pttab. over 10 years; nil kinds help.
421 Post st.. near Powell: telephone Bush 135.
UNION Japanese-Chinese emj. office— Best help
furn.; domestic eerv. 417 Powell; tel. Bush 376.
ORPHEUM Employment Office-Japanese, Chi-
nese help. 426 Powell. nr.Sutter; tel. Black 5172.
JAPANESE and Chinese Employment Office;
best help furn.: tel. John 2121. S06& Stockton.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office —
Be?t help. 411H O'Farrell st.: tel. East 42S.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — FEMALE.
GOOD resueetalde woman (American) needs
work very badly: can do any kind; eood
housee'eaner: would go by day; $1 day and
car fare. 12S^ Fourth St.. room 9.
DRESSMAKER, thoroughly competent, perfect
lining, latest styles; costumes made over to
suit: price moderate by the day. Address J.
H. I 1 .. 933 Geary St.
WANTED— By young lady, position as com-
panion to elderly lady; city or Oakland. Box
4CC3. Call office.
A YOUNG woman with child two years old
desires work In respectable family. Box 4062,
Call office.
FIP.ST and second cooks want places together;
city or country; first-class hotel references.
242 Natoma St.. basement.
AMERICAN girl would like to do housework
in smnll family: wages $12 to $15. Please call
931H Greenwich st.
AMERICAN woman wantB to do 'chamber
work; city or country. Mansion House, 961-
9C3 Mission St., room 14.
YOUNG widow with a child wishes a position
of housekeeper; city or country. 739 Folsom.
STRONG young woman wants work by the
day. MRS. M. S.. 33^ Gilbert st.
WOMAN wishes situation to do housework by
the month or week. Please call at 23 Angelica
St.. off Nineteenth.
YOUNG Swedish woman wants position as
working housekeeper; small family. Address
420 Tenth st.
WANTED— Situation as second girl; private
family: wages $25. Address 8S3 Milton St.,
Oakland.
WANTED — By the day; can alter, make over
drerses and make children's clothing. Dress-
maker, C17 Ninth St., Oakland.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 night; $1 60 to $8
week: convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscription*
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st
EMPLOYMENT WANTED MALE.
COOK wants work; a good careful cook; or
would go as second cook. Address T. SMITH,
318 Minna st.
WANTED— Position as caretaker of ranch by
a respectable couple; references. Address box
4906. Call office.
PRIVATE secretary or confidential clerk; young
jnan; expert stenographer; 10 years' experi-
ence; salary $100. Address box 4057, Call.
GERMAN, sober and steady, wants work In
private family taking care of horse and gar-
den; references. Box 4073. Call office.
WANTED— A position as clerk In store; expe-
rienced. Box 4006. Call office.
INTELLIGENT boy wants place" to make him-
self useful; errands or office. Box 4069, Call.
INDUSTRIOUS German gardener; understands
care of horses, haggles, cows, vegetables,
lawn flowers: in private family; very, useful
• and willing: references; city or country. Box
4050. Call office.
COACHMAN wants position on private country
place; fully understands care of horses, lawn
and general work; good references. Box 4902,
Call.
SITUATION wanted by a middle-aged sober.
Industrious landscape gardener In private
family; work done by contract; city or coun-
try. Box 4904, Call office.
COMPETENT man desires i>osition as night
watchman; security given If needed. 215
Fourteenth fit.
STEADY man. age 28: understands care of
horsos. garden and can milk; careful driver
Address J. \V.. 1607 California st.
YOUNG Japanese schoolboy desires situation to
do housework. N. SATOW, 504 Stevenson st.
NIGHT watchman wishes situation; best ref-
erences; give security If desired. C. HART-
MAN, 127 Turk st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st. .:; : t .'¦':,
KXPKItT OPTICIAXS.
EYES examined free; spectacles proiserly ad-
.insted. X. Manarse. oculist optician. 910 Mkt.
FINANCIAL..
IF you have stocks or bonds of any kind for
sale, call or address PACIFIC COAST UN-
DERWRITING CO... EO* Parrott building.
j PLATS TO LET.
A— 30 DAYS free; clean 4-room flat; reduced to
$11. 1424 Howard st., near Tenth.
A— 15 DAYS free: 6 rooms, porcelain bath; clean
i and Bunny; reduced to $16. 1424 Howard st.
j BUSH. 1419, near Van Ness ave,— Six sunny
| rooms and bath: cellar.
DORE. 237. off Harrison, between Ninth and
Tenth — Fla£ of 4 ninny rooms : $10.
IF you want to move get printed list flats to let
1 from BALDWIN & HOWELL, 10 Montgomery.
i Z LARGE sunny rooms complete for housekeep-
| lng : b*th. 624 Elizabeth st. ; Castro-st. cars.
j FRANKLIN, 20C^-~xTce, clean, sunny flat; 4
, rooms and bath; modern improvements .
i 4 AND 5 rooms and bath: $10 and $13. 4JS5 and
4JS7A Eichteenth St.; electric cars.
; S7— MIDDLE flat; 3 sunny rooms. 254 Harriet,
between Harrison nnd Bryant. 6th and 7th.
FUR.MTUUE FOR SALE.
4 ROOMS furnished In oak for $4S 50. with No. 7
range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
FUHXITUUE WANTED. '
j CHAS. LEVY buys your furniture, carpets,
| pianos, etc. 1135 Market st. ; tel. Jesslo 761.
ALWAYS 'phone John 1041 before selling your
furniture. Standard Furn. Co., 745 Mission.
Auctioneer— L. Vincent. 1305 Larkin; tel. Polk 634;
furniture & furn'd houses bought; spot cash.
$5000 worth of furniture, carpeta, etc., wanted.
M. Silversteln, 1121 Market; tel. Folsom 1105.
ALFRED WOLLPERT. 773 Mission St., pays
highest price for your second-hand furniture.
W. E. CODY Hate with J. T. Terry & Co.) buys
furniture, carpet*. 7i" Mission ; tel. Red 3353.
j HELP WAXTED-FEMALE.
j t WAITRESSES, Santa Barbara, e-e party
here, $20; 3 waitresses, Bakerslleld, fare here,
$20; waitress, Colusa, see party here, $20; 2
waitresses, Madera, $20; waitresses, San Ma-
I teo. Martinez, Corning, Watscnville, State of
Nevada, Redwood City, Chlco. Benlcla, Salt
Lake City. $20-$25; IS waitresses, city hotels
and restaurants; chambermaid to wait,
springs, $23 and fare; 2 chambermaids, city,
$20-$18.
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Working housekeeper fcr 2 men and one boy,
j $20, Bee party here at 10 o'clock:' second girl,
short distance In country, $26 and fare, choice
I place; 6 cooks, city and country, $30, see par-
| ties here; 60 houseglrls, second girls, nurse-
girls, city and country. C. R. HANSEN &
CO.. 104 Geary st.
4 RESTAURANT waitresses, $S week; posltlve-
ly steady place. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104
Geary st.
5 FANCY lroners. $30 and found; 10 young,
strong girls for laundry, no experience neces-
Bary, J15, board and room. C. It. HANSEN &
CO., 104 Geary et
WANTED— Lady's" maid and care for one child
10 years old, $25; Protestant eecond girl, $25;
second girl, 2 in family,- $25; nurse, 2 children,
| $25; 6 nurseglrle, $20, city and country; cook,
2 In family, $30; 2 cooks, no wash, $35; 2
chambermaids. 516, $18; 2 parlor maids and
waitresses, $25; laundress, $30; kitchen helper,
$20; hotel waitresses, $2O-$25, city and coun-
try; 9 chambermaids and waitresses, $20: 120
houpeglrU, city and country. J. F. CROSETT,
316 Sutter st.
SEAMSTRESS. $25; waitress, same house, $25;
two cooks, $35 and $30; housegirl. San Jose, 2
in family. $30; laundress, $2o; a woman to
cock for men, $25: boarding-house cook, $25;
ranch cook, $25. MRS. NORTON. 313 Sutter.
WANTED
Piano player who can sing for saloon in Ari-
zona: $5 a night and fare paid. AV. D. EWER
I & CO.. 610 Clay st.
I WANTED— Reliable woman with girl (12 to 15)
for good cooking, washing and general house-
work; 3 In family; $20. MliS. A. W. JOHN-
SON. Upper Lake, Lake County, Cal.
WANTED — A girl for general housework and
cooking In a small family; references re-
Quired; wages $20. Call at 631 Guerrero at.,
between Eighteenth and Nineteenth.
I WANTED— First-class lroners; also girls to
learn Ironing, shirt finishers, seamstresses;
good wages and short hours. Apply LA
GRANDE LAUNDRY. 22S Twelfth st.
100 EXPERIENCED operators on ladies' wrap-
pers and waists to take work homo. 728
Market St., room 35. v
A LADY of Indomintable energy possessed of
self-assertion: good opportunity for right
party. F. PERSON, room 412, Parrott bldg.
WANTED — Competent girl for cooking and gen-
eral housework; no window washing. 1131
Lnguna st., cor. Eddy.
WANTED— Young girl for general housework:
two In family: wages $12. 5913 California st.,
bet. Twenty-flrst and Twenty-second aves.
J GIRL to assist genera! housework; wages $20:
references. 134 South Broderlck at., off Haight
and Baker.
WANTED— An active woman as representative
on the road for a wholesale house. Box 4070,
Call office.
WANTED— A bright young lady to do repairing
and take care of office for tailor shop. Box
4071, Call office. s
WANTED— Otierators and finishers on vests.
E. H. LEVY. 513 Market St.
GOOD machine sewers wanted in factory. 723
I Market St., room 3.>.
I TAILORESS on pants wanted at 235% Minna
I St., between Third and Fourth.
I — ___ _^_-___________^^__^__
' FIRST-CLASS waist trimmer on fanoy silk
! waists. FRANCES, 796 Sutter st.
j GIRL to assist with light housework. Apply
j 16 Devisadero Et.
I GOOD reliable girl for housework; good home,
i Apply 4034 Seventeenth st.
i -
GIRL for general housework: plain cooking;
wages up to $20. 305 Scott st.
WOMAN to do housework and take care horse
and lawn; country; 2 ladles; $15.
j WANTED — Girls to work. Apply 141 Fremont
St.; after (:» a. m.
GIRL to assist in light housework; small fam-
ily; good home; $15. 1510 Vallejo st.
WANTED— A girl to do general housework.
Apply ,614 Devlsadero St.; $25.
GIRL for lizht housework and plain cooking.
312 Sanchez st., near Sixteenth.
I GOOD finishers on pants; also a girl to learn.
157 Fourth st.,
FIRST-CLAPS finisher wanted on custom coats
and bushollng. 62314 Post st-
GIRLS to fold paper boxen. 16 Fremont at.
GIRL or middle-aged woman; housework; small
family; evenings off. 321A Fremont at.
LADY waiters wanted at 8 Hayes st.; call
after 7 a. m.
WANTED— A cook; no housework. Apply at
47 Steuart St., room 3.
WANTED— A girl for dressmaking; also an
apprentice. Apply in morning at 2219 Stelner.
GOOD dressmaker wanted. Call at 776 O'Far-
rell st.
GIRL to do general housework; wages $20. 1E21
Masonic ave., above Frederick st.
GIRL or woman to do plain cooking and mind
a baby. 38S6 Seventeenth at., corner Noe.
WANTED— A middle-aged woman to do cham-
bermaid work. Call at 718 Valencia st.
WANTED — Apprentice for dressmaking. 408
Sutter at., room 39.
WANTED— Neat young girl to assist In care of
child. 2930 Sacramento St., cor. Broderlck.
YOUNG lady for office work. Box 4072, Call
office.
Experienced waitress wanted. 1007 Market
street.
MIDDLE-AGED woman to assist with chil-
dren; light housework; bet. 10 and 12. 2621 Bush
WANTED— Young girl to assist with light
housework and care of children; Bleep home.
309 Twelfth st.
COAT finishers on custom work. 106 Battery
st., upstairs.
WANTED— Apprentices; paid while learning.
1111 Van Ness ave.
FIRST-CLASS finishers wanted on custom
vests, and apprentices. E09 Kearny st.
GIRL for light housework; 2 In family. 941
York St., near Bryant.
GIRL to assist In cooking and general housc-
work. Call 828 Turk st,
AN cxr.«r!eneed waitress wanted. 1410 Polk
St.; wages $25.
WANTED— An experienced waitress. 128 Ninth
street.
APPRENTICE wanted; book bindery, j 536 Clay
street.
MORE girls from 16 to 18 to learn cigarmaking;
paid while learning. 303 Eighth st.
COMPETENT young woman as children's
nurse: references. 1909 Pacific ave.
GIRL to take care of baby and sleep at home;
wages $3. 807 Filbert St.
TOUNO woman for light housework and at-
tend to a lady; $10. 716 Franklin st.
GIRL to Resist with housework. Apply a-t 3777
— Clay et.
IRONERS wanted at United States Laundry.
Sixteenth st.. near Valencia.
GIRL wanted for general housework. Apply at
1D54 Fulton Bt.
Al .FINISHER on suits at M. BIMINOFF, 1228
Market at.
UELF WASTED-FEMALB.
WANTED — Women and girls to work on toma-
toes, canning and preparing: highest wages
paid: steady work; prizes for quick work.
Ajply immediately- to U. S. FRUIT PACK-
. ING CO.. Harrison ave.. between Seventh
and Eighth sta.. off Folsom. . «
WOMEN and girls for canning and preparing
fruit; steady work; highest wages. Apply
CALIFORNIA?.* CANNERIES CO.. LTD..
Brannan St., between Third and Fourth.
OPERATORS wanted, on shirts; young girls
taught; steady work; best pay. BRENNER-
ULMAN CO., 19 Battery et. '
APPRENTICES on overalls. STANDARD
SHIRT FACTORY, cor. Gough and Grove sts.
GIRLS to rivet overalls, also sewing machine
©rerators, at Levi Strauss & Co.'s factory,
32V4 Fremont st. ; no experience necessary;
good wages. Apply to MR. DAVIS.
PRKSSERS wanted on overshirts. BRENNER-
ULMAN CO.. 17 Battery st.
WANTED — Women and girls to work on fruit.
1731 Folsom Kt.. between 13th and 14th.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
HELP WANTED MALE.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO. 'si..... 104 Geary at.
1000 men for new railroad work..../
200 teamsters; State of Nevada $2 a day
100 teamsters; Bakersfleld $2 day
60 teamsters: Coast road $2 a day
120 teamsters, Monterey Cocnty $2 a day
100 laborers; Surf $2 a day
20 tunnelmen for big tunnel; Ohatsworth
Park. Los Angeles County... $2 to $2 DO a day
:•¦ For the S. P. Co.'s own work
ZOO men Regular wages
For the following divisions
Truckee and Mendota....
Dunsmulr Redding Shasta
For all the above places *
Fee $1 Ship dally Free fare
CairiD blacksmith, $3 a day; camp cook. $30,
and 5 temsters, $2 a day, for new railroad
work north, free fare, ship this morning
2 enrrcnters. Napa County, $3 a day, 2 car-
penters. S. P. R. R. Co.'s work. $.1 day. free
fare; carpenter near city, $3 50 a day; 20 la-
borers for reservoir and water works, Napa
County, $2 a day; 10 lumber pilers, $2 a day..
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Second cook, $75: cook, country hotel, $60;
10 restaurant cooks. $8, $10 and $12 a week:
German butcher, country shop, $J0; baker's
helpers, dishwashers and kitchen hands, $25 I
and $30.
Laundryman. Institution. $40; laundry man
and wife, institution. $60; head laundryman
for hand laundry, country hotel, $23.
6 waiters, country hotels, $30 and $25; 10
waiters for restaurants and coffee houses, $35 I
to $50.
6 Bell boys, $10, $12, $15 and $17 60.
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary St.
6 CARPENTERS, plain work, $3 day, and 2
carpenters' helpers, $2, free fare; 20 railroad
laborers for mountains, Yolo County and Ore-
gon, free fare; 10 fruit pickers. $1 day; farm-
ers for Santa Clara, Mendoclno and Contra
Costa counties, $25; farmer and teamster and
wife, $40; gardener and wife, $60; laundryman
and wife, $60; laundryman for Institution, $40,
and many others. J. F. CROSETT Agency,
628 Sacramento st.
10 BOYS for box factory, long Job. $1 to $2 day.
fare paid; woodsmen and others. J. IP. CRO-
SETT Agency, 628 Sacramento sL
COOK and wife and dishwasher, country hotel, i
$100: cook and wife, $30; restaurant and board-
ing-house cooks; country hotel waiters, $25
and $30; waiters, city, $35; dishwashers and
others. J. P. CROSETT Agency, 623 Sacra-
mento st
ERRAND boy, $4 week and increase; experi-
enced foreman for water Jacket ore furnace,
$4 da; : 3 feeders for furnace, $3 day; 2 tap-
pers, $3 50 day: 6 laborers about furnace. $2 40
day. J. F. CROSETT Agency, 62$ Sacra-
mento st.
A— WANTED
German or Scandinavian coachman, $30 and
found; gardener, San Mateo County. $25;
choreman, country, $30; vegetable gardener,
country. $25. W. D. EWER & CO.. 610 Clay.
WANTED
Single young man who has had experience
driving grocery or other deliver}' wagon; ref-
erences; $35 and found. W. D. EWER & CO..
610 Clay st.
A— WANTED
4 laborers for around mine, $2 a day; 2 men
to handle ore cart, $2 a day; machine driller
near city, $2 75 a day; 2 Swiss milkers, $30:
dairyman on private ranch. $25; farmer and
wife, $45; 10 laborers for arcund woods and
mill, $30. fare paid; 3 carpenters' helpers. $2
a day and free fare; 25 railroad laborers, $1 90
a day and free fare. W. D. EWER & CO.,
610 Clay st.
BARBERS' Progressive Union— Free employ-
ment. H. Bernard, Sec, 104 7th: tel. Jessie 152.
DENTIST— First class, good habits and ad-
dress, to take charge books and business of
extensive practice; large salary; security re-
quired. Address Oakland Dental Co., 1065
Washington st., Oakland.
WANTED— Boy between 14 and 16 years of
age to assist working In grocery store: must
be willing to learn the business. Apply be-
tween 9 and 11 o'clock a, m., at 2133 Polk st.
A GENTLEMAN of Indomitable energy and
push: good opportunity to right man. F.
PERSON, room 412, Parrott building.
WANTED^-Salesman for retail business; one
rxporlonced in selling groceries or crockery
preferred. Box 4068. Call.
WANTED — 6 Jewelers; cteady work; no short
time. Apply, stating wages wanted and par-
ticulars. JOS. MAYER & BROS., Seattle.
WANTED— A colored boy 18 years old. Apply
S. N. W r OOD & CO.. 718 Market St.
WANTED— A young man; boys' clothing de--
partment. Apply S. N. W r OOD A CO., 718
Market st.
WANTED— Bushelmen at once. RAPHAEL'S.
WANTED— Cash boys at RAPHAEL'S.
BUSHELMAN wanted; steady Job; good wages.
PAUSON & CO.. 200 Kearny st.
COATMAKER. bushelman for country. Call
REISS BROS.. 24 Sutter wt.
SHOEMAKER on repairing; steady work. 756
Howard st.
SECOND porter, $15, and one third waiter, $23;
apply early. Ahlborn House, 321 Grant ave.
YOUNG brass buffer and finisher. 623 Golden
Gate ave.
B0 RAILROAD graders: 20 loggers; 10 lumber
pliers; steady work. 143 Grove st.
TWO mill bench hands; none but best need
apply. 115 Main 6t.
BOY wanted. San Francisco and Pacific Glass
Works. Seventh and Townsend sts.
LABORERS and drillers wanted at 527 Four-
teenth Bt., near Guerrero.
WANTED — Man to wash dishes evenings. 43S
Ellis st.
BOY about 18, living home, to learn bar busi-
ness. PHIL S. BIEL. Clay and Davis sts.
DISHWASHER— 612 Kearny St.
WANTED— Prrsser on vests. E. H. LEVY, 513
Market st.
WANTED — W r aiter for coffee and lunch house.
32 Sixth st.
BOOTBLACK for barber shop and to clean
baths. 120 Geary st.
WANTED— Second waiter. Golden Gate Hotel,
134 Fourth st.
GOOD barber wanted; steady; good wages. 325
Grant ave.
WANTED^ barbers;* highest wages. 442
Geary st.
GOOD barber wanted. 105 Fourth it
MAN to care for horses and yard; $6 a week
and board. Box 4074. Call of flee.
DISHWASHER wanted at 611 Larkin tt
10 GOOD painters wanted. QERCKE &
WEBER. 717 Larkin at.
BARBER wanted at 886 Geary st.
WANTED — A lunch waiter and vegetable man
at 434 Fifth at.
WAITER wanted; wait at table and make him-
self useful. 37 Eddy st.
WANTED— An extra waiter at 619 Post St.;
call early.
BOOTBLACK wanted; " inquire at once. 626
Market st.
2 YOUNG men to help in restaurant; $7 per
week. 211 Grant ave.
BARBER shop for sale; cheap; must sell to-
day or to-morrow. 217 Fourth st.
FIRST-CLASS porter for barber shop! OSCAR
BARTHE. 17 Taylor st. «o^a«
WANTED— A Fteady barber at 328 Montgom-
ery st.
TAILOR'S cutter wanted: one that Is a good
coatmaker. Address C. J. ANDREWS Port
Townsend, Wash.
ALL sizes men's shoes, •lightly damaged, half
price. 662 Mission st., bet. lit and Zi sta.
HELP WANTED MALE.
A— MURRAT &~REA~DY '. .'.7. '.. Phone MaTnlJMS
...Leading Employment and Labor Agents...
Want 7 a. in. To-D-ay
., We Ship Free
Men for all parts of California. Utah. Wash-
ington, Arizona, Oregon, Colorado, Nevada
and Hawaiian Isrlanda*.
Free fare and office fee only $1
Special to-day to the following districts:
Dunsmulr Redding Shasta
Hern>lo-n Fresno Mendota
Los Angeles and. .Santa Barbara districts I
Reno (Nev.) and Truckee districts I
Crows Landing. .and Newman districts
San Luis an.!..... Surf districts
Bakersfleld and Mailera districts
Salt Lake City Soda Springs
And other points good wages
We Ship Free Come one, come all
It only costs $1 fee and no other expenses....
Come, see
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
A— MECHANICAL HELP
Machinist for manufacturing Co )3 day
6 carpenters < free fare
6 laborers to help carpenters free fare
Brick mason $4 day
Z carpenters, sawmill co. ..$63 & fd. fare paid
carpenters for ranches and vineyards
|3o and J40 and found
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
WE PAY YOUR FARE
AND.. SHIP.. TO-DAY.. TO. .THE.. SAW -
MILLS AND WOODS
150 laborers, no experience required, wages
from J26 to J40 and found, fare paid
SO woodsmen and mlllmen, $30 and $30 and
found; shingle sawyer. $C0 and found
Sniper, line pullers, carriage setter. Jack-
screwer, planing mill help, in fact, every
class of sawmills and woods help, good wages.
HANDY MEN, here is a good pob for you...
150 men. who can use hatchet, to build flume,
J30 to $40 and found, long job
60 woodsmen and laborers, Santa Crur Co
60 lumber pliers, Santa Cruz Co., $60; a lum-
ber pliers, city yard, $52
Loggers and crosscut sawyers.... $45 and found
Edgerman. $3 day; carriage setter, $2 M day.
.... FARMS. .VINEYARDS. .ORCHARDS ....
DAIRIES
78 ranch hands, teamsters, etc., $26 to $32 50
and found
10 men to break colts $45 and found
Milkers. cbee?emakers and buttermakers
Farmers and wives. $3o and $W and found
Blacksmiths and helpers $80 and $52
Stablemen, hostlers, buggy washers, $25 to
$33 and found Chore boys and men
HELP..FOR.. THE. .MINES
Married furnace man
62 laborers, no experience required, for all
parts of California $35 to $40 and i'ound I
Miners, single and double hand. .$75 and $90 J
173 laborers and teamsters, city and ?hort I
distance In the country. $1 75 to $2 CO day; |
Drillers, $2 day; brick setters and wheelers..
TlemakT.o. woodchoppers. etc
.. BESIDES.. THE.. ABOVE.. WE. .HAVE ..
..HUNDREDS.. OF.. OTHER.. POSITIONS ..
If you want work. .Come see us
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
FRUIT PICKERS PACKING HOUSE
AND DRY YARD WORK
160 men and boys to pick and pack all kinda
of fruit, grapes, etc., work In dry yards and
packing houses. for all parts of the country..
$30 and found, long Joba
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay Bt.
LABORERS BIG WAGES NAPA CO.
; 10 pick and shovel laborers, no experience re-
quired for Napa County $40 and found
MURRAY & READY. 634-638 Clay st.
A— BOY for this office. MURRAY & READY.
! 634-636 Clay St. m
i A-BAKERS .. COOKS .. LAUNDRY .. HELP
Second and night cocks for the mines, $40 and
$35 and found; also cook's helper, $30 and
found
Candymaker icecream maker
27 cooks, city and country, $30 to $S0 and
found; bakery and milk wagon drivers
Boys for Institution; all-around butchers,
bakers, also second hands and helpers
Laundry men pantry men
Grocery clerk and drive wagon, city
Clerk for lodging-house
Dishwashers and others
MURRAY & READT. 634-8S6 Clay St.
WANTED— For U. S. army, able-bodied, un-
married men between ages of 21 and 33: citi-
zens of United States; of good character and
temperate habits, who can speak, read ana
write English; recruits are specially desired
for service in Philippines. For information
apply to Recruiting Officer, 121 New Mont-
gomery st.. San Francisco, Cal.
WANTED— Recruits for the United Stat-s Ma-
rine Corps. U. S. Navy, able-bodied, unmar-
ried men of good charaoter. between the ages
of 21 and 35 years: not less than 5 feet 4
Inches and not over 6 feet 1 inch in height;
must be citizens of the United States or per-
sons who have legally declared their inten-
tions to become citizens: able to read, write
and speak English properly. For further in-
formation apply at the Marine Recnittinjr Of-
fice. 40 Ellis st.. San Ftanclsco, Cal. , 530 K St..
tacramento. Cal., or 1053 J sL. Fresno. Cal.
SINGLE man. 25 to 35 years of age. who un-
derstands care of greenhouses, growing car-
nations, roses, propagating young stock, etc. :
one who has had experience In the florist
business preferred: wases $40 and found for
the right man. Address, stating full particu-
lars as to experience, reference, etc., P. O.
box 453. Sacramento, Cal.
WANTED— For planing mill, 1 first-class
sticker hand: 1 first-class sash and door
maker; 2 first-class bench hands, competent
and experienced. Address box 4044, Call.
WAXTED-2 first-class sticker hands, also a
i few bench hands, at Pacific Planing Mill.
'. Bern' «., near Sixth.
TWO first-class mill bench hands. Aoply at
Pacific Coast Lumber and Mill Co.. Second
and Grove sts.. Oakland.
WANTED— Strong German boy to learn bak-
er's trade. Inquire 326 Broadway, between
Sonsome and Montgomery.
GOOD buttonhole maker on custom coats;
wages no object. 027 Market St.. room 623.
YOUNG man to drive wagon. People's Mar-
ket. 2299 Market St.
WANTED— Good barger: steady Job. Apply 725
Fourth St., San Rafael, Tel. Red 15.
WANTED— Stable attendants. Apply W. UP-
WARD, Baden, end of San Mateo elec. line.
WANTED— Watchmaker; steady position: state
references and salary expected. Box 4049, Call.
LARGE boy to work In laundry. 251 Jessie
St.. near Fourth.
DISHWASHER wanted at 1410 Polk street.
BARBERS — Three-chair shop: cigar stand:
laundry office. DECKELMAN BROS.. 100
Ellis st. ¦
STEADT boy of good address; 16 years. CAR-
SON GLqVE CO., 35 Market st.
WANTED-^Steady man, with small capital;
permanent place; will pay $63 per month year
round; light work. 1018 Market St.. room 10.
. WANTEDj-Steady waiter, extra waiter, extra
cook. 25 Taylor st.
BARBERS— Good-paying 5-chatr shop: must be
sold on account of departure; a bargain.
DECKELMAN BROS.. 106 Ellis st.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics' to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third St.: 150 large
rooms: 23c per night: $1 to $2 per week.
NEW goods; quick sales; salary or commis-
sion; city or country. THE J. DEWLNG CO..
Flood bulldlcg.
BRANDY makers— Heavy spirit barrels fcr
brandy at CARL'S, 217, Commercial at.
GET your shoes half soled while waiting; Ko-
to 60c. 562 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
MEN and women to learn barber trade. S F.
Barber College. 741A Howard st.
SAILORS, ordinary seamen and green hands-
all parts of world. HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart.
PENSIONS— GEO. D. CAMPBELL, lawyer IB
years' practice: Examiner. building.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket: 7C0 rooms, 25c night; reading-room; fre«
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
L1NDELL Hoase. corner Sixth and Howard—
Rooms 15c to 25c night: 75c to $2 per week.
HORSES, I^VE STOCK. Etc — For Sale
40 HORSES for sale: also wagons, bnggtea'
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market'
327 Sixth st ; auction sales every Wednesday
SULLIVAN k DOYLE. Auctioneers.
70 HEAD draft, carriage and saddle hones-
also pneumatic and rubber-tired buggies'
cheap. Occidental Horse Exchange, 721 How-
ard st. -*--¦.¦ .
HOtSES TO IET.
A— PRINTED list; houses tn let; send for e\r~
cular. O. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
$22 50-MODERN house. 7 -rooms; large base^
ment. 367 Shotwell st.. near Eighteenth.
POST, 2225. bet, Scott and Devlsadero— Modern
house; large stable; large driveway.
4 *"* **"»' lar *»
J^ ST _^- VI^Jp'OU\D.
LOST— On 11 o'clock "boat 6akiaSnd^ro"iJ^~F'
to Oakland, a gray alligator purse, metal
trimmings, containing a key and upward or
$1J. Finder please mail purse and kev tn
MRS. MEE. ISM Broadway, S. F. and keen
money. "
LOST— Mexican hand-carved leather griD also
Sat£ 3S iT St^A^dref .^oS'V E "
* 2 Ji? WAI^ I> ~ L ? st - an umbre »a at Lands End.
Friday. Aug. 31. Return cashier. 250 Sutter!
LOST-At Chutes, plain gold locket and chain-
reward. Box 4075, Call office. ««"»».
FOUND— Black greyhound dog with white col-
lar and toes. Apply OMEYER, cor. Fax ton
and Grafton sts., Ingleslde.
TOUNO yellow collie with whita breast and
feet; reward. 1713 Pacific ave.
MISCELLA5EOCS FOU BA1 "^:
BOILERS ensines 2d-hand machinery. Mo
INTOSH & WOLPMAN, 195-137 Fremont st.
BARS, back bars, mirror?, showcases, counters,
linoleum, new and second-hand: we always
have a large stock of saloon outfits on hand;
32 complete outfits on our floor, reaJy made;
wa can ship everything In 24 hours. J.
XGQNAN. 1017, 1015, 1021. 1023 Mission at.
above Sixth: write for catalogue.
FIRST-CLASS 8 li. P. !>team engine and
boiler; barsain. EFSTEIN. , r^ Mission St.
FURNITURE and sewing machine for *ale.
cheap. 624'i Lombard st.
FOIl SALE— Property of the Live Oak Consol-
idated Gold Mining Co.. situated in Nevada
County. IS milei north of Auburn; 2 patented
claims; S-stamp quartz mlil; fMtch and hoist-
Ins works complete. For further particulars
Irau'.re of A. JJEISTER. 311 Ninth St.. Sao-
ramento, Cal.
A-BUTS. sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleya,
etc. TVHITELAW. Z11 Spear »t.
A— $3 5(> DERBY and Fe.iora hats. $1 73. Pop-
ular Price Katters. 3"0 Kearny st., nt-ar Pine.
A— 100 H. P. enct^e. boiler, two drill air com-
pressor. JAP.DIN'ES. 23) Fremont «t.
PORTABLE engines, boilers; iron an<i wood
planers, lathes; 2d-hand. J. Burke. 12") Beale.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-han>1: moving
pictures. PUlLAHD A BRCCK. 131 Post st.
STEEL tanks, all sizes; suitable for water or
otl: cheap: all thapea: uecond-h&nd. H S.
; WHITE. 516 Mission st.
A FINE mit. $13: dress pants. $: 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 4.T7 Montgomery «:.
FT'LL lin* cameras and phot" supplies: sellln?
cheap. W. A. HAltTTER. ff! Exim'ner bMg
¦WILL rent full r1rs?» Ttixeilo or Prince Albert
nutts for $2 50. Pcrtlairl Lnan Office. 1"> S:ktn.
A 10 TON Fairbanks scale anl flre and burglar
proof nafe. 21« California »t.
2R-IIANT} photographic and masrlc lantern out-
fits bought, sold, exchanged, ino Montcomery.
Fir.ST-CLASS 3>cond-fwn 1 modern engine, anj
boilers bousht and soil. KROGH Mfg._ Co.
EPISON* concert phonograph: reduce<1 price.
J7J: concert reccrds. ?1 50. Ilac'.Ralupt. "J33 Mkt.
SaFeS— New and MCOnd-hand THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-1:3 Sacrament* «t.
S\FES — New ar.il second-hand: all sizes. TUB
WALTZ SAFB. 1^-111 Market st.. -«np Fm.
MISCELLAXKOfS WANTS.
AN Oliver typewriter wanted: state price. Box
4053. Call office.
LADIES' and pents" ciist-r>rf clotnlnsr bought &
eold. Silverroan, 9S4 Folsom: tel. Folaom 1131.
KLEIN still pays best prlc for clothlns. brle-
a - brae and books. 103 Sixth st. : tel. Jessie 141.
IF you -wish full value fnr your cast-o!T clothinsc
call on B. COTTEN v-7 TV-<V fV HTa"V 4irv
UO2CEY TO LOA.S.
ANT amount at 8 per cent: 1st. Id and 3d mort-
gages, undivided interest, reai estate In pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought: no de-
lay get my terms before doing business else-
where. R. McCOLGAN. 2> Montgomery, r. «¦
ANY proposition, any amount: 6 per cent; first,
second mortgage*, estates In probate, interest
in estates, legacies, corporation loans, chattel
mortgages, life Insurance. Room 18. first floor.
Chronicle bldg. HALLORAN & OLriEN.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store, 848 Market
et.; tel. Main 1644. Pranch 13 Third st.
ON furniture and pianos without removal ;quici
service; money direct: low»st Interest. Rooms
68 and 60. Donohoe building. 1170 Market st.
ON real estate. 1st and 2nr! mortgages and on
furniture or pianos; n» removal: any amount;
lowest rate. EECKER & CO.. 26 Montgomery.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds,
watches, jewelry. \Y. J. HE.STHAL. 10 Sixt.i;
highest price for old gold, silver, diamonds.
LOANS
SALARIES AND FUP.NITITRE
O. H. IIARSlir.ARGER, C22 Ellis, room 34.
AT 1!6 Kearny Bt.. room 9, respectable private
place to borrow on watches, diamonds; lowest
rates; t«k<? elevator. TeleDhone Davis 935.
JiOO.COO at 6 per cent in sums to suit In city; also
IliO.OCO en large ranches; also on second mort-
gages. R. J. MERCER & SON. 412 Pine st.
ANT amount by private party on furniture and
pianos; no removal; low ratee; confidential.
EONELLI. 201 Jones St.. corner Eddy.
MONEY loaned salaried people without security.
HILL. r. 44. Merchants' Ex.. 431 California.
ON furniture and i>ianos; no removal; confi-
dential; on diamonds, etc. 32 Taylor st.
TO salaried people without security; al! busi-
ness confidential. Tousley Co., 321 Parroft big.
H. MURPHY. 6-0 Market bL. solves all kinds of
financial problems; 2d mortgage*, estates. »te.
On furniture, pianos; 3 per cent per month; n">
commusion. Mrs. Wilson, rm. 101 6 Ediy st.
I CASH loaned to salaried people en note without
ir.dorser. MORRELL. 609 Examiner bullllns.
ON furniture, r^nos, without removal: no com-
mission; private. LICX. 11« McAllister st.
TO salaried people without collateral or in-
dcrsor. S. F. Pl«cour.t Agency. 143 Phelan b!
MEDICAL.
DR. and MRS. D.WIES. 12:S Market St.— Reli-
able ladies' and gents' specialists; 32 years'
practice; have treated thousands of cases suc-
cessfully; a positive cure guaranteed at of-
fice; ladles treated can return home the aam>*
day; try the celebrated HINDO HERB treat-
ment for home cure; any one can use It by di-
rections; perfectly harmless; home for confine-
ment. Seed five 2-cer.t stamps for circular.
MRS. DR. KOHL, the well-known and reUabl*
ladles' specialist: guaranteed treatment at of-
fice, JC; positive cure: home for patients be-
fore and during confinement; skillful medical
attention; consultation free and confidential.
446 Eddy St., bet. Leavenworth and Hyde.
DR G. W. O'DONNELL. the world-renowned
ladies' specialist; cafe and reliable; haa prac-
ticed in San Francisco for years: treated thou-
sands of cases successfully: treatment can b+
used at home: consultation free. After all
others fail call on him. 1023H Market st.
DRS. GOODWIN, well-known ladles' specialists,
have returned from Europe; safe and reliable;
cure $3: have treated thousands of cases with
vuccess; 15 years' practice in S. F. : maternity
home: low fees. 10O7V4 Market St.. near Sixth.
A— NEW process: great progress in medical
science; every woman her own physician; no
medicine or pills used; can be sent and used
at home. DR. POPPER. IIS Kearny »U
MRS. DR. WTETH. reliable specialist: 25 yrs.'
practice; home in confinement; treatment at
office. {3: any ailment; consultation free; con-
fidential. 942 Post St.. bet. Hyde and Larkin.
NO TOT KITE, Chinese doctor: cures consump-
tion, cancer, catarrh, etc.; all diseases treat-
ed; sond for testimonials ?k advice free. Sani-
tarium, 704 Sacramento St.. corner Kearny.
MRS. M. ALLEN. 1035 Market— Lad'.es' speci.i!-
ist; home tn confinement: safe and reliable:
consultation free; hours 10 to 8.
DR. and MRS. M. WEOENER— Private home
tn confinement. 1312 GolJen Gate ave.
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, treats aU «lis-
ease* pf the human TWt. '.1* M.i«m ft.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
WE have one of the best equljped shops in th«
country for repairing pianos; repairs, var-
nUhlng and polishing done at reasonable
prices and payment accented In Installments.
MAL'VAIS'. ~.&J Market st.
NOW Is the time to exchange your old squara
or upright for a new upright. You can get
more for them now than ever again. Call at
once at MAL'VAIS'. *&> Market St.
THE old, original and only Decker piano; es-
tablished in 1S36: is sold exclusively by tha
MAUVAIS Music Co.. M3 Market st. They
ara strictly first-class.
WE offer you the bset goods, the best terms
and the best treatmer.; of any house In tha
city. Try us and be ocnvinced. MAUVAIi.
783 Market st.
ANNOUNCEMENT— We have consolidated the
San Francisco Music Company. 225 Sutter St.,
with our O'Farrell-st. business and now
show mor* goods in all l)n"s than any other
house en the coast. Six floors of music and
musical goods: pianos In endless variety and
prices ranging from ITS to J300. Imperial
Symphonion Music Boxes. Guitars. Violins,
Mandolins. Strings. Tr.mmlngs. Sheet Music.
' etc.; enormous stock; lowest prices; cash or
Installments. BKNJ. CITRTAZ & SON. IS.
18 and 20 O'Farrell St.: Chlekering agency.
ALL purchasers of pianos at SHERMAN. CLAY
& CO.'S have the privilege of exchanging for
a STEINWAT any time within three year*
and full purchase price allowed: the b»st
makers of every grade to select from- beauti-
ful new uprights 91 cash, J6 per mnn'h- »orna
I good pianos for $3. U and $3 per month
! SHERMAN, CLAY & CO.. STEINWAY
DEALERS, comer Kearny and Sutter sts
I San Francisco; corner Broadway and Thirl
| teenth sts.. Oakland. !
; ABSOLUTELY the oldest and lanr?st hou-»e
west of Chicago, Is KOHLER & >hibps
! 26. 2S and 30 O'Farrell st.: pianos or4an»"ani
I ali other musical instruments of all eratW
; and prices: terms easy; prices lowest; every-
! thlniv possible done to please and satisfy th«
customer. -
:A .,^, P ;m O F, D .» nne , n(lW Pianos just stored with
! ?I, f^ Eastern factcry at factory prices larul
. freights cash, or installments; social for N\
J S - G " WILSON Storage. 1710 Market st.
i R Ve« V , AL o- t S f >I Ce t fre '» Piano store from Van
? £- .P™ 8 -* w »l continue reduction vale fnr
t weeks: open e-^nga: call and get !ow prVes.
i °F a n - pU m° * toc , k l3 up t0 dat<? - an * ou r B*WTHE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 6, 1900.
10
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
nUSKCESS OFFICE of The Pan Francisco
C&ll. orraor of Market End Third streets, o^en
P.I1AN'~11 OFFICES— :-27 M ontg-o'uiery street,
comer Clay; open until S:30 p. m.
"00 Hayes ttrect: open ur.til 5:20 p. tn.
fiS? McAllister street: open until 9:30 p. m.
Ci:. Larkin street: «-pen ur.til 9:30 p. m.
XM1 MiF-sLon street; open until 10 p. m.
2TG1 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
ur.t!l 9 p. rn.
3C€ Eleventh etrret; open until 5 p. m.
3 r vG Valencia ftreet: or-en until 9 p. m.
Northwest corner Twenty tcund and Ken-
tuefcy frtroetr; open until S p. m.
MEETING KOTfCES.
CALIFORNIA Lodtre No. X. P. and A. m
XI.. will mert THIS (THURSDAY)
EVENING. Sept. 6. at 7:30 o'clock JSLlf
Stau-d meeting. By order of the mas- ' v
ter. FRANKLIN II. DAY. Sec.
MISSION Chautc-r No. 79. R. A. M.— *»
Stated roeeune THIS (TiUT.FnAT) m J\ m
EVENING. 7:30 o'clock. Mission Ida- J&3T
conic Tcn.ple, K6S Mission Et. Buslm-ss ' V
and M. 11. degree. By order of the H. P.
iXO. R. IIILLMAN. Sec
FIDELITY Lc<?re No. 120. F\ and A. M. it
—Stated Tr.cetlnp TKI" (THURSDAY) _C^
EVENING at 7:*0 o'clock.' By crder >Kx\
of the W. M. r^r
FREDERICK BARRY. Secretary.
EOTTH Pan Francisco Lodre No. 212. F. m
ar.<t A. M.— Stated mectln* THIS__A>*_
(THURSDAY) EVENING at S o'clock. T&2?
E. C. HARE, Secretary. /\r^
I5OTUC Lo<5ff» No. 216. F. and A. il.— »
EtaTf? n-.t-etine THIS fTHI.'RSDAT)
EV:.NIN(J, at 7:20 o'clock. By order }SJ\
or tkt rr.a--:er. t*v
J. R. GOLDSMITH, Secretary.
OFFI<"ETvP ar.1 mrmhers of South San ft
Frarciet t Lodpe No. 2:2. F. and A. M..
o.r» ro<iu<*!=t«"<J to ortenj the funeraJ of jt
Pxfl Mr.s--r BTEPHEN B. I3LAKF.S- f^F^
LEE cf Qjitiran Lodfre No. *X. K. and A
M.. of BtooafielO, Cat.. w::!ch will be held
ct ilasonlc Hail. Fourteenth and Railroad
ave*.. South Har. Francisco, on THUKSDAY.
S»rti"T.lx-r 6. at 2 p. m. By order of the
Master. E. C. HARK. Secretary.
OCCirENTAL I/ortje No. 1TJ. I. O.
O. F.— Iriiiation TUIP < T HU RS -
DAY) ITVn.VINT Visitors wel- --5|«K!55
come. TKO?. TIPPKTT. N. O.
K. S. ¦WISWELL. R. S.
ETOTK HOLDERS' MEETING — Pursuant to
resolution of the board of director*, a meet-
Ir.s of the stockholders of The Sirne Company
W.:i be he'd at tbe principal pla.ee of business
of raid company, viz.. rooms 26-S7 of the Sth
floor. Mills building, San FranciFCO, Cal., on
WEDNESDAY, the Cl*t day of October, 800.
•t 1:30 oVlnck p. m. The object of the meet-
ir.g :r to cimlniEh the capital stock to $2.".C0.
or 12'-+ cente per thare. and to transact euch
ether buetneti? a-« may ccme before the meet-
ing. ALBERT C. AIKEN. President.
Dated Aur^t "3. 000. «
EPHCIAL revival meetings at Pentestal Mission
Hall. S»H Fourth st.. by Rev. John Bennett
Andersan. Brltiih singing pilgrim, Aug. 29
to Sept. 12: yea are invited.
PENIEL camp meeting. Beu'.ah Park, East'
Oakland. Pepterr.ber 1 to September 18.
WINDOWS AND SEATS FOR PARAjDE.
A FINE view of tha parade from grand stands
corner Sutter ar.d Van Ness ave.; also Junc-
tion Market et. and Van Ness ave. : both con-
*'ructod under ar>r>roved plans of Board of
Public "Works: private boxes and chair seats
reserved at Sherman, Clay & Co.'s, cor. But-
ter anfl K>arnjr Btfc ; remaining Beats aft»r
Saturday at crai:d rtarAs.
W1XUOWB ajid Feats to rlew the oarads on
Monday; cran<1 view; no obstruction. Mc-
DCWELL. 101? Market st.
WINDOWS to let for Jubilre parade, corner
Van Nees ave. and McAllister Ft.; fine view;
er.trar.ee <5.3 McAllister St.; SD a^id 110.
FI'RNIFHED room — Keamy-st. corner; superb
vIpw f^>r street scenes holiday week. Apply
MAX CLARK, 420 California et.
V.'INDOtVS to rlew the parade on Monday;
crand i-lcir. 143 Market St.. near Tenth.
WINDOW? to view the parade on Monday:
rrar.d view. 12^ Market St.. landlady.
TWO nice w!r.dowf for parade. Apply Imme-
diately, room 10. 8» Market st.
XiESERVED scats in f.nest f.rst-f.oor windows
:n city; fine vltw. Apply 12^ Market fit., r. 2.
FXSKr^TD sf»its In bay-wirdow; fine vie-sp.
AptIt j;;s Market st.. room i
BEATS for rale for parade; fine view; NE. cor.
Larkin nnd Market. Apply T^TS Market ft.
AGENTS WASTED.
JT; TO !o0 fiajly easily made by our Live Agents,
ir.pn or women, selling our latest novelty,
o&rr.paifrn waterproof neckties: Broods entirely
r>--«- ar.d pn tinted; ap^-nts deliphted; sales un-
limited: what ethers do you can do; write to-
<iny; secure exclusive territory: guaranteed
beat seller. Address, with Ftamp, M. A- If.
MANFG. CO.. Dept C. Sprir.itfleld. Mass.
AOF..VTS — r>o y«>u want something more profit-
able, better r>r.<! easier to pell than books?
Address F. PERSON, room 412, Parrott bids.
A.GSKTB to sell novflt!P8 for the celebration.
<"a'l at once. D50 Mi<-«ion «t.
LADY solicitors everywhere; female tonic; pre-
ventive, corro'tlve. 3:,0 Phelan building. S. F.
A^-EN'TS of al,!!!ty and experience in life InFur-
er.c. CrJl at r^tn 1^1. K1 Market, ccr. Sixth.
WE handle r.eweyt novelties for acents. PA-
<"IFIC AGENTS' SrPPLY <O.. 8461 l?th gt.
ASPHALTCM ROOFING.
J. PEI.TIKR. asphalt rooflnpr, sidewalks; cellar
floors laid, repaired; postal. 11S3 Mission st.
ATTORXEVS AT LAW.
ADVICE free; fiivoree law a specialty: private:
r.o fee without reccf : collections. G W.
HOWE, any at law, £00 Market, cor. Stockton.
It. W. KING, attorney. 927 Market St.. room €27;
general practice; moderate fees; oonsult. free.
FREE edrice; divorce laws, damages, estates,
collection*. J. A. Mitchell, 814 Montgomery.
Ar>VICE free: no charre unlees successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. 527 Market Bt.. opp. Mason.
L. F. CLARK. Emma S-preekelis bldg., 927 Mar-
ket Ft.; consultation free; no lees in advance.
CT.'STER, HERMAN J., attorney. S27 Market
Ft., r. 525; open eve.. "-»; consultation free.
HATH CAUIXETS.
ROBINSON S5. *-panel folding; door opens: firm
and Faf<v W. P. BROWN, gen, agt., 426 E1118.
BL'SIXESS CHAXCES.
A— 51100; CORNER procery and bar: choicest
location In the Mission; rent $35; 4 living
rooms; place eetab. years; as owner, a
widow, want* to retire. Call R. G. WILKE,
2C!i Kearny St.
A-5-»i; SALOON with building of 7 rooms;
lor^c eround l*ase; close to Ur.lon Iron
Works; place estab. 1C years and doing a
first-class vayir.j; business. Call R. G.
WILICn. IC\» Ktaray i?t.
A— JKj: GROCERY and bar. with 8 living
rocm?; rent JIO; thickly tettled neighbor-
hood, gout!-, of Market st. Cail II. G. WILKE,
26"»s Kearny st.
A— CORNER eisrar store on Kearny st. ; clear-
ing above J150 r«" mozlh. Call R. G. WILKE.
t&hb Kearny tt.
A— tZVi; CORNER saloon on Polk Bt. : long
le«f«: cheap rtnt: first-clats paying business:
death cf ovroer cause of tale. See R. O.
WILKE, 2SVs Kearny st. .
A— !S0O: PALOON; close to new Hall of Justice;
rent JSO; daily receipts $15; a snap. Call K.
G. WILKire. 2CV4 |Cearriy et.
A— llPt'O: PARTNER wanted In porter, stout
and \Wls# bfrr brewery: Investigate; a rare
chance. Call R. G WILKE, iCVi Kearny st.
A— $2r.'iO: STATION BRY. notiorp and ice cream
parlors, connected with genera! agency of all
K. F. papers; cl«o ccneral ag"ncy of 2 steam
laundries; no opposition In either line, rent
$25; in livHv business town across the bay.
Particulars R. O. WILKE. tPfc Kearny st.
A— $100n : BAKERY, 2 blocks south of Market
itt.: I'lace est?b. years;: doing a ccxxl business;
nil Etore trade; rent J43: V' 2 to 2 barrels per
day. Particulars R. G. WILKE, 2«b Kearny.
T750-HAKER1'; all Btore tra<7ef7iccipts *23 a
<!ay earn; bei--t jilace in the city for the
mon«Y. LANE tc CO., (65 Market «t.
$350— NOTIONS. bread. milk, confectionery,
dears and stationery ; elejjant living rooms;
••heap r*-nt: best part of the city. LANE &
CO.. SC3 Market ft.
J4W-RESTAITRANT: wholesale dist.: old e?t.;
fir.p location: do!r,g fine caph business; cheap
r«it; must •«!!. LANC & CO.. 860 Market Et.
WE have larre^t |fc t cf paloons, hotels, gro-
ceries, riftar rtcrA; delicatessens, rtc. in the
rity; before buying call SCHWEINHARD &
CO.. *17 Market Ft., between Fifth and Bixth;
telephone Mint 3311.
PARTNER wanted in a flrpt-class Market-st.
photograph gallery, lady or cfntleman: on»
of tbe partner? r*uirinc; Fp'endld opportunity.
Apply to -NA<;Li; A; NAGLE, Attorneys.
«K« Eirnu fipreekels building. 927 Market et.
PARTNER wanted in billiard parlor, barber
t\v V. '• tatinnery. notions, confectionery busi-
nr^y; thriving country town. Address box
4CJ. Cull office. ¦
{SPLENDID r.u?inpss opening for a" flrst-claes
milliner. A<1dn>fis> Immediately LANDLORD,
t.ox 4OG0, Call office^
6ALOON for sale; opposite ferry. Apply at
111 nast et., north of Market: no agente.
PARTNER wanted In a fjrst-claas saloon. Ad-
dress box 400, Call office.
niTSTNSSS CHANCES CONTINUED.
: jeCO-MECHANICS' board and lodging house;
I bargain; sickness cause of sale. McLAUGH-
LIN & CO., 777*,i Market St.
12000— PARTNER wanted In wholesale and re-
tail liquor store with large outside trade.
Mclaughlin & co.. tt?',. Market st.
H2M-CORNEB grocery and bur; bargain. Mc-
UAPGHUN & CO.. 777H; Market st.
$H»— BUTCHER shop; bargain; sickness cause
I of sale. McLAUGHLIN <fc CO., 777Vj Market.
I JTOf-FURNISHED flat, north of Market St.;
departure cause of sale. McLAUGHLIN &
I CO.. 777'4 Market St.
I RESTAURANT for sale; established 10 years;
j will b* sold at sacrifice. 1024 Hyde st
I $2W-PARTNER wanted in good paying com-
I minion business. Address box 4058. Call.
I3SO0 — COAL ar.d feed yard and express busi-
ness; 4 horses and 5 wagons; good building;
living-rocms; long lease; excellent chance;
good location. IS"j Sixteenth st.
j $20<Xi— PARTNER wanted in livery and board-
ing stable; good value; paying business.
DONNELLY & CO.. 632 Market gt.
! $350— LAUNDRY route; good wagon; clears i
i about $60 per month; good customers; stands
! itiverticatioc Address box 4M>3. Call.
; NO ajrente; fine bargain — Restaurant and ba-
kery; 3 llvlr.g-rocms; must sell; present oc-
cupant 5 years: never on the market before.
Particulars at 103 Fifth 5t
I COUNTRY merchants trading with Indians can
; find a market for Indian baskets by address-
1 Ir.g the Mexican and Indian Curio Co., 61a
Seventeenth et.. Denver. Colo.
; TO rent— For <*oal yard, milk depot, etc.: fine
location; place is entirely covered; contains 3
' FtaMs; rent only J1S; water free. Inquire
HENPRICKSO'N & CO.. 614 Call building.
j FOR PALE— A bargain; a smali milk business;
I complete. Apply H. BLANKEN. Slx-mlle
Ha;;. Ean Bruno road.
i nPTABLISHED bakery and restaurant: will
• Ftll r<*aFOT3able ; account of sickness. 714 Va-
1 lencia ex.
: SAI/XJN on busy Ftreet; doing pood business.
Particulars U. S. Brewery. 315 Fulton st.
1 PARTNER wanted in printing business; a good
! opportunity. 402 McAllister Ft.
; $s:.O- BUTTER, egps. milk, delicacies; living
rooms; rent $15, water free. 3!>5 Sixth »t.
i WKLL-STOCKEP stationery, notion and cigar
j store. Box B. Call branch. 300 Hayes Et.
' COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL & CO.. 412 Sacramento st.
. CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
, A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
; subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia Bt^ -
LODGING-HOUSES FOR. SALE.
j A— 22-ROOM rooming-house; central J1000
I 11-room house; $200 down, balance easy... tCO
I 20-room house: first ciass 1C50
SO-room house; all newly furnished 31C0
' 11-room house. $475; C-rocm flat 325
FISHER & CO.. 1C32 Market »t.
A-SAY, FISHER & CO., have you lodging-
houses? Yes. what price? $3(0 up, any loca-
tion deeired; 12 rooms, J300; 10 rooms. $450: 10
rooms, new, J900. fine; 20 rooms, bargain, $750;
37 roome. $2000. snap; all sizes, all prices, all
; new bargains; call and see us. 1032 Market.
! 34-ROOMED housa on McAllister; transient....
: 2S rooms and boarding-house: on Eddy
i 10-roon-ied fiat: elegant furniture: very cheap.
22-roomed house on Geary; a bargain
....S-roomed house on Hyde st.; make offer....
13-roomed house on Turk; $.150
; A lovely cottage on Haight, nr. Laguna; low
; price; a laree list of other houses at office.
EMERY & BMITTI. 3 Eddy, tel. Folsom 1513.
j R. H. WINSTON & CO.. 1D20 Market Et.
t IS rooms; rent $00; clean house $S50
| 32 rooms; corner; rent $65 1150
; L6 rooms; rent $40; only 900
| CO rooms; rent $io; eee It 1200
; 14 ROOMS; rent $22 $<i r -
i 44 ror,m«; rent $70 10M
I 20 r«on'.s; clears J75 month l-".0:J
! 12 rooms: rent $41 300
SKIFF. 204 Montgomery st.
$7r.oo— LARGE lot with stores and 30-room ho-
tel on main street in Alameda; close to nar-
row and broad trause lines; fine and good-pay-
ing Investment: liberal terms. A. M. SPECK
& CO., C£7 Market St.
OVER 2 ri 0 houses for eale: price, location. t>Ize
and terms to suit you; call for list. M. GRIF-
FIN. 719 Market st., room 1, by "Call" bldg.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call, 16 r>HRe«i, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1,
postage paid. "
CARRIAGES AND WAGONS.
ALL kinds of warrons, buggies, carts, harness,
j etc., cheap. EGAN & SON, 2117 Mission st.
AN A No. 1 express wauon, single, also lleht
camping vagon, for sale cheap. 532 Mission.
NEW & M-hand wagons, buggies, carts & har-
ness. work & driving horses, ".th & Valencia.
CAMPAIGN PHOTO BUTTONS.
MF'T of all kinds of photo buttons and jewelry;
wholesale and retail; send for catalogue.
. Miniature Portrait Co.. S33 Market St., S. F.
CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to S-PAT'LTjINfrS Pioneer Carj.et-Eeat-
| Irifj Works. 3C3-2." Tfhama St.; tel. South 40.
J. McQCKKITS California Carpet Cleaning Co..
I 4S3 Stevenson t-t.; tel. South 228: lowest rates.
I J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-Beating and Reno-
! vatinp Co., 240 Fourteenth Bt. ; tel. Mission 74.
j CITY Steam Carpet-Beating Works, G. H.
STEVENS, mjrr., 2S-40 Sth St.; tel. South 250.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard, laid at 4c.
STRATTON'S. 3 Eighth Bt. ; tel. Jessie 944.
[ ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 4«2 Sutter St.;
! tel. M.iln 234. GEO, WALCOM, proprietor.
i CONKLIN'S Carpet-Beating Works. 333 Golden
I Gate ave.; telephone EaFt 12G.
SPIRITUALISM.
| ARRIVED- Mrs. Dr. Farnham. world-renowned
i spiritual medium; advice in all affairs of life.
I lawsuit*, fllvorces, deaths; unites the separat-
ed; mining a specialty; cirs. Sun., Wed., Fri.
eve's; come and be convinced. (Permanently)
| B13 Eddy, bet. Hyde and Larkin; no sign.
j FREE manifestations of magnetic healing by
C. Carleton: psychic reading by Mrs. Cora
Renne. 437 O'FarreU St., Thursday, tp. n.
SPIRITUAL meeting to-night; convincing test;
Mrs. Maxwell; 8 p. in.; readings daily. 1233
Howard et.
MME. YOUNG'S convincing test circle to-night,
605 McAllister Bt. : 10c; sittings dally.
; MRS. LESTER— Circle Sun.. Tues., Fri. eves.,
10c; readings daily; L. 25c, G. f.Oc. 127 Turk.
! MRS. BRYANT, gifted medium, 110 Sixth Bt.,
i room 8; ladles, DOo; gents, $1.
: FAMOUS medium and palmjfet. "Special this
j week." Full readings, 25c, 50c. 15SlMkt.,nr.l2tn.
! MRS. KOTTER. 34 Sixth St.. circle to-day, 2 <fe
8 p. m. ; 10c; sittings daily; G.. $1; L.. 50c.
MATCHETT holds circle to-night. 8 o'clock;
10e; test all. 132 4th; sittings daily, 50c.
MME. MAJORS, gifted spiritual medium, heal-
er and card reader. 132 Sixth St.. room 1.
j MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, c}*irvoyant. test, busl-
j ness medium, life reader; sittings $1. 1104 Mkt.
j FRIENDSHIP Hall. 335 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
' Meyer, sit. dally; convinc'g tests to-night 10c.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil & second sight,
diagnoses disease with life reading: ladies 50c:
gents $1 ; palm. & clair, eit. $1 50. 32« Turk Bt.
JSMAR, the Egyptian gypsy cla'.rvoyant and
I palmist, perrrjtnently located 114S Market, opp.
! 6th; private rending^ dally 10 a. m. to 6 p. m.
j MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader nnd
j palmistry; truth or no pay; 25c 1149 Mission.
CARDS read; gentlemen, DOc; ladies, 25c. 940
Howard st.
MME. HANSON, palmistry, card reader; past,
present, future, 25o. 148 Sixth st. room 14.
MME. 7.EREDA. the gypsy, i» the great palm-
ist and card reader; 25c. 7 Seventh; no sien.
| MME. LENEMAR— Fortunes by planets; pre-
dicted overdue rtmr Gold wreck. 310 Mason st.
! WYLLIE, photo medium. 330 Ellis St.; last
week; come early.
j MRjf. MELVILLE well-known clairvoyant and
Mater reader, moved to 11, fith; German spokn.
MMK. SCHAFFER. clairvoyant, card reader
I sittings daily. 212«£ Sixth tt.
I MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given: 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
MME SYP-ILLE— Cradle tc trave-; future hua-
bar.d'y lecture. 25c; ladlen. 914 O'Farrell Et.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No'charKTun^
less successful. Room 310. 927 Market at.
COTTAGES TO LET.
GROVE, 720H— 4 large sunny rooms; gas; bath;
f?ar<l<»n: separate yard.
DOG HOSPITALS.
DR. BUZARD'8 Dog Hospital, Post, Fillmore—
Advice and medicine, 75c; city visits, $1 50; all
animals treated: does boarded. Tel. West fi3C.
DR. Creely's C. P. mange cure and worm pills
by dnifgliU or at hospital, 510 Golden Gate av.
DENTISTS.
AT the ELECTRO^E^TAlTcLrNIC, 809 MaV-
ket St., cor. 4th, rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly: teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
S3 50 up; plates, extractions free, $4 SO up; of-
iice hours. 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. ; Sundays. 9 to 2
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON, M. P.. Manager.
A— DR. V. CAVALSKY has returned from
the Parts Exposition with seme of the finest
patents for p.'<l"less dentistry, plates, teeth
without a plate, crown and bridge work: all
work warranted; plates, full set, $5; fillings,
E0c;crown, $3 50. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 6th.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings: extractions or fillings by my won-
derful secret, painless method; 20 years' ex-
perience; no students; advice free;, prices
cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Fnrrell st.
CROWN and bridge work experts: our work is
unexcelled and our prices are the lowest; call
and gee our samV'es and get our prices before
going elsewhere; best of references; examina-
tion free. DRS. PERKINS & DOVEY. 1019
Market St.. bet. Sixth and Seventh; elevator.
TEETH extracted free; plates, $5; crowns. $3 50;
bridgework. $r>; all the latest methods for
painless dentistry: hour?, 9 a. m. to 9 p. m.
Modern Dental Parlors, 1206 Market, cor. O. (j.
DR~LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
—No charge for extracting when plates are
made — old plates made over like new; teetn
from $8 per set; extracting, EOc; gaa given.
DR. ALBERT HILL S50 Market, cor. Stockton,
for a perfect set of teeth and teeth without
plates; lowest prices for the best work.
LOWEST prices in S. F.; painless extraction.
We. New York Dentists. 9G9 Mission, cor. 6th.
PARIS Dental Parlor, 235 Kearny. cor. Bush-
Full set of teeth. $4; crowns, $3; fillings.
VAN VROOM — "Painless"; evenings and Sun-
days. 3001 Market Ft., corner Sixth.
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. O.
YOUNG, 1841 Polk st.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United R'ates nr Carmda one year for SI.
DRESSMAKERS AXD SEAMSTHESSBS
Mer>OTVELL Dressmaking and Millinery
School; patterns cut to order. 1019 Market st.
DRESSMAKING— Ladies' and children's suits
from $2 CO up. 7 Grand ave., above Ninth.
S. F. Drersmaking. Ladies' Tailoring and Mil-
linery School; French system. 411 Van Nose.
ACCORDION pleating factory: all kinds pleat-
Ir.g, pinking. Ill Post, over O'Connor&Moffatt.
EDUCATION* AX..
AYRES' Business College, 723 Market St.; life
scholarship, $50; includes shorthand, typing,
bookkeeping, telegraphy; day and evening;
Just added, new business practice offices and
20 new typewriters; catalogue free.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post St., 8. F.—
Practical courses In bookkeeping, shorthand,
typing, languages, telegraphy, English
branches, clvii. electrical and mining engi-
neering, etc. ; new gO-page catalogue free.
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university. law and medical
colleges : references, President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
BOOKKEEPING, free trial; private lessons: i
mos. in college not equal to 8 wks. with me;
$23. TARR, expert, accnt., 429 Parrott bldg.
ENGINEERING, civil, elec, mining, mech. sur-
vev. afsay. cyanioe. arch. : day. eve. : est. 1864.
VAN PER NAILLEN SCHOOL. 833 Market.
ALL students but two taking full course this
year got positions. PAN FRANCISCO BUSI-
NESS COLLEGE, 1236 Market st.
FRENCH students— 1 or 2 boarded; professor's
quiet family; ref. req. Maun', box 4067, Call.
PIANO and German; pupil of Conservatory ' n
Lelpsie; lessons 75e. 220 Golden Gate ave.
CALIFORNIA Buplne-s College, 305 Larkin—
All branches; thorough; positions secured.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc., day or eve.; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
LE Jirt'NE Art and Craft School: modeling,
designing, carving, all branches. 424 Pine st.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 18 pases, sont to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
A— JAPANESE and Chinese employment con-
tractor; pttab. over 10 years; nil kinds help.
421 Post st.. near Powell: telephone Bush 135.
UNION Japanese-Chinese emj. office— Best help
furn.; domestic eerv. 417 Powell; tel. Bush 376.
ORPHEUM Employment Office-Japanese, Chi-
nese help. 426 Powell. nr.Sutter; tel. Black 5172.
JAPANESE and Chinese Employment Office;
best help furn.: tel. John 2121. S06& Stockton.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office —
Be?t help. 411H O'Farrell st.: tel. East 42S.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — FEMALE.
GOOD resueetalde woman (American) needs
work very badly: can do any kind; eood
housee'eaner: would go by day; $1 day and
car fare. 12S^ Fourth St.. room 9.
DRESSMAKER, thoroughly competent, perfect
lining, latest styles; costumes made over to
suit: price moderate by the day. Address J.
H. I 1 .. 933 Geary St.
WANTED— By young lady, position as com-
panion to elderly lady; city or Oakland. Box
4CC3. Call office.
A YOUNG woman with child two years old
desires work In respectable family. Box 4062,
Call office.
FIP.ST and second cooks want places together;
city or country; first-class hotel references.
242 Natoma St.. basement.
AMERICAN girl would like to do housework
in smnll family: wages $12 to $15. Please call
931H Greenwich st.
AMERICAN woman wantB to do 'chamber
work; city or country. Mansion House, 961-
9C3 Mission St., room 14.
YOUNG widow with a child wishes a position
of housekeeper; city or country. 739 Folsom.
STRONG young woman wants work by the
day. MRS. M. S.. 33^ Gilbert st.
WOMAN wishes situation to do housework by
the month or week. Please call at 23 Angelica
St.. off Nineteenth.
YOUNG Swedish woman wants position as
working housekeeper; small family. Address
420 Tenth st.
WANTED— Situation as second girl; private
family: wages $25. Address 8S3 Milton St.,
Oakland.
WANTED — By the day; can alter, make over
drerses and make children's clothing. Dress-
maker, C17 Ninth St., Oakland.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 night; $1 60 to $8
week: convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscription*
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st
EMPLOYMENT WANTED MALE.
COOK wants work; a good careful cook; or
would go as second cook. Address T. SMITH,
318 Minna st.
WANTED— Position as caretaker of ranch by
a respectable couple; references. Address box
4906. Call office.
PRIVATE secretary or confidential clerk; young
jnan; expert stenographer; 10 years' experi-
ence; salary $100. Address box 4057, Call.
GERMAN, sober and steady, wants work In
private family taking care of horse and gar-
den; references. Box 4073. Call office.
WANTED— A position as clerk In store; expe-
rienced. Box 4006. Call office.
INTELLIGENT boy wants place" to make him-
self useful; errands or office. Box 4069, Call.
INDUSTRIOUS German gardener; understands
care of horses, haggles, cows, vegetables,
lawn flowers: in private family; very, useful
• and willing: references; city or country. Box
4050. Call office.
COACHMAN wants position on private country
place; fully understands care of horses, lawn
and general work; good references. Box 4902,
Call.
SITUATION wanted by a middle-aged sober.
Industrious landscape gardener In private
family; work done by contract; city or coun-
try. Box 4904, Call office.
COMPETENT man desires i>osition as night
watchman; security given If needed. 215
Fourteenth fit.
STEADY man. age 28: understands care of
horsos. garden and can milk; careful driver
Address J. \V.. 1607 California st.
YOUNG Japanese schoolboy desires situation to
do housework. N. SATOW, 504 Stevenson st.
NIGHT watchman wishes situation; best ref-
erences; give security If desired. C. HART-
MAN, 127 Turk st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st. .:; : t .'¦':,
KXPKItT OPTICIAXS.
EYES examined free; spectacles proiserly ad-
.insted. X. Manarse. oculist optician. 910 Mkt.
FINANCIAL..
IF you have stocks or bonds of any kind for
sale, call or address PACIFIC COAST UN-
DERWRITING CO... EO* Parrott building.
j PLATS TO LET.
A— 30 DAYS free; clean 4-room flat; reduced to
$11. 1424 Howard st., near Tenth.
A— 15 DAYS free: 6 rooms, porcelain bath; clean
i and Bunny; reduced to $16. 1424 Howard st.
j BUSH. 1419, near Van Ness ave,— Six sunny
| rooms and bath: cellar.
DORE. 237. off Harrison, between Ninth and
Tenth — Fla£ of 4 ninny rooms : $10.
IF you want to move get printed list flats to let
1 from BALDWIN & HOWELL, 10 Montgomery.
i Z LARGE sunny rooms complete for housekeep-
| lng : b*th. 624 Elizabeth st. ; Castro-st. cars.
j FRANKLIN, 20C^-~xTce, clean, sunny flat; 4
, rooms and bath; modern improvements .
i 4 AND 5 rooms and bath: $10 and $13. 4JS5 and
4JS7A Eichteenth St.; electric cars.
; S7— MIDDLE flat; 3 sunny rooms. 254 Harriet,
between Harrison nnd Bryant. 6th and 7th.
FUR.MTUUE FOR SALE.
4 ROOMS furnished In oak for $4S 50. with No. 7
range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
FUHXITUUE WANTED. '
j CHAS. LEVY buys your furniture, carpets,
| pianos, etc. 1135 Market st. ; tel. Jesslo 761.
ALWAYS 'phone John 1041 before selling your
furniture. Standard Furn. Co., 745 Mission.
Auctioneer— L. Vincent. 1305 Larkin; tel. Polk 634;
furniture & furn'd houses bought; spot cash.
$5000 worth of furniture, carpeta, etc., wanted.
M. Silversteln, 1121 Market; tel. Folsom 1105.
ALFRED WOLLPERT. 773 Mission St., pays
highest price for your second-hand furniture.
W. E. CODY Hate with J. T. Terry & Co.) buys
furniture, carpet*. 7i" Mission ; tel. Red 3353.
j HELP WAXTED-FEMALE.
j t WAITRESSES, Santa Barbara, e-e party
here, $20; 3 waitresses, Bakerslleld, fare here,
$20; waitress, Colusa, see party here, $20; 2
waitresses, Madera, $20; waitresses, San Ma-
I teo. Martinez, Corning, Watscnville, State of
Nevada, Redwood City, Chlco. Benlcla, Salt
Lake City. $20-$25; IS waitresses, city hotels
and restaurants; chambermaid to wait,
springs, $23 and fare; 2 chambermaids, city,
$20-$18.
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Working housekeeper fcr 2 men and one boy,
j $20, Bee party here at 10 o'clock:' second girl,
short distance In country, $26 and fare, choice
I place; 6 cooks, city and country, $30, see par-
| ties here; 60 houseglrls, second girls, nurse-
girls, city and country. C. R. HANSEN &
CO.. 104 Geary st.
4 RESTAURANT waitresses, $S week; posltlve-
ly steady place. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104
Geary st.
5 FANCY lroners. $30 and found; 10 young,
strong girls for laundry, no experience neces-
Bary, J15, board and room. C. It. HANSEN &
CO., 104 Geary et
WANTED— Lady's" maid and care for one child
10 years old, $25; Protestant eecond girl, $25;
second girl, 2 in family,- $25; nurse, 2 children,
| $25; 6 nurseglrle, $20, city and country; cook,
2 In family, $30; 2 cooks, no wash, $35; 2
chambermaids. 516, $18; 2 parlor maids and
waitresses, $25; laundress, $30; kitchen helper,
$20; hotel waitresses, $2O-$25, city and coun-
try; 9 chambermaids and waitresses, $20: 120
houpeglrU, city and country. J. F. CROSETT,
316 Sutter st.
SEAMSTRESS. $25; waitress, same house, $25;
two cooks, $35 and $30; housegirl. San Jose, 2
in family. $30; laundress, $2o; a woman to
cock for men, $25: boarding-house cook, $25;
ranch cook, $25. MRS. NORTON. 313 Sutter.
WANTED
Piano player who can sing for saloon in Ari-
zona: $5 a night and fare paid. AV. D. EWER
I & CO.. 610 Clay st.
I WANTED— Reliable woman with girl (12 to 15)
for good cooking, washing and general house-
work; 3 In family; $20. MliS. A. W. JOHN-
SON. Upper Lake, Lake County, Cal.
WANTED — A girl for general housework and
cooking In a small family; references re-
Quired; wages $20. Call at 631 Guerrero at.,
between Eighteenth and Nineteenth.
I WANTED— First-class lroners; also girls to
learn Ironing, shirt finishers, seamstresses;
good wages and short hours. Apply LA
GRANDE LAUNDRY. 22S Twelfth st.
100 EXPERIENCED operators on ladies' wrap-
pers and waists to take work homo. 728
Market St., room 35. v
A LADY of Indomintable energy possessed of
self-assertion: good opportunity for right
party. F. PERSON, room 412, Parrott bldg.
WANTED — Competent girl for cooking and gen-
eral housework; no window washing. 1131
Lnguna st., cor. Eddy.
WANTED— Young girl for general housework:
two In family: wages $12. 5913 California st.,
bet. Twenty-flrst and Twenty-second aves.
J GIRL to assist genera! housework; wages $20:
references. 134 South Broderlck at., off Haight
and Baker.
WANTED— An active woman as representative
on the road for a wholesale house. Box 4070,
Call office.
WANTED— A bright young lady to do repairing
and take care of office for tailor shop. Box
4071, Call office. s
WANTED— Otierators and finishers on vests.
E. H. LEVY. 513 Market St.
GOOD machine sewers wanted in factory. 723
I Market St., room 3.>.
I TAILORESS on pants wanted at 235% Minna
I St., between Third and Fourth.
I — ___ _^_-___________^^__^__
' FIRST-CLASS waist trimmer on fanoy silk
! waists. FRANCES, 796 Sutter st.
j GIRL to assist with light housework. Apply
j 16 Devisadero Et.
I GOOD reliable girl for housework; good home,
i Apply 4034 Seventeenth st.
i -
GIRL for general housework: plain cooking;
wages up to $20. 305 Scott st.
WOMAN to do housework and take care horse
and lawn; country; 2 ladles; $15.
j WANTED — Girls to work. Apply 141 Fremont
St.; after (:» a. m.
GIRL to assist in light housework; small fam-
ily; good home; $15. 1510 Vallejo st.
WANTED— A girl to do general housework.
Apply ,614 Devlsadero St.; $25.
GIRL for lizht housework and plain cooking.
312 Sanchez st., near Sixteenth.
I GOOD finishers on pants; also a girl to learn.
157 Fourth st.,
FIRST-CLAPS finisher wanted on custom coats
and bushollng. 62314 Post st-
GIRLS to fold paper boxen. 16 Fremont at.
GIRL or middle-aged woman; housework; small
family; evenings off. 321A Fremont at.
LADY waiters wanted at 8 Hayes st.; call
after 7 a. m.
WANTED— A cook; no housework. Apply at
47 Steuart St., room 3.
WANTED— A girl for dressmaking; also an
apprentice. Apply in morning at 2219 Stelner.
GOOD dressmaker wanted. Call at 776 O'Far-
rell st.
GIRL to do general housework; wages $20. 1E21
Masonic ave., above Frederick st.
GIRL or woman to do plain cooking and mind
a baby. 38S6 Seventeenth at., corner Noe.
WANTED— A middle-aged woman to do cham-
bermaid work. Call at 718 Valencia st.
WANTED — Apprentice for dressmaking. 408
Sutter at., room 39.
WANTED— Neat young girl to assist In care of
child. 2930 Sacramento St., cor. Broderlck.
YOUNG lady for office work. Box 4072, Call
office.
Experienced waitress wanted. 1007 Market
street.
MIDDLE-AGED woman to assist with chil-
dren; light housework; bet. 10 and 12. 2621 Bush
WANTED— Young girl to assist with light
housework and care of children; Bleep home.
309 Twelfth st.
COAT finishers on custom work. 106 Battery
st., upstairs.
WANTED— Apprentices; paid while learning.
1111 Van Ness ave.
FIRST-CLASS finishers wanted on custom
vests, and apprentices. E09 Kearny st.
GIRL for light housework; 2 In family. 941
York St., near Bryant.
GIRL to assist In cooking and general housc-
work. Call 828 Turk st,
AN cxr.«r!eneed waitress wanted. 1410 Polk
St.; wages $25.
WANTED— An experienced waitress. 128 Ninth
street.
APPRENTICE wanted; book bindery, j 536 Clay
street.
MORE girls from 16 to 18 to learn cigarmaking;
paid while learning. 303 Eighth st.
COMPETENT young woman as children's
nurse: references. 1909 Pacific ave.
GIRL to take care of baby and sleep at home;
wages $3. 807 Filbert St.
TOUNO woman for light housework and at-
tend to a lady; $10. 716 Franklin st.
GIRL to Resist with housework. Apply a-t 3777
— Clay et.
IRONERS wanted at United States Laundry.
Sixteenth st.. near Valencia.
GIRL wanted for general housework. Apply at
1D54 Fulton Bt.
Al .FINISHER on suits at M. BIMINOFF, 1228
Market at.
UELF WASTED-FEMALB.
WANTED — Women and girls to work on toma-
toes, canning and preparing: highest wages
paid: steady work; prizes for quick work.
Ajply immediately- to U. S. FRUIT PACK-
. ING CO.. Harrison ave.. between Seventh
and Eighth sta.. off Folsom. . «
WOMEN and girls for canning and preparing
fruit; steady work; highest wages. Apply
CALIFORNIA?.* CANNERIES CO.. LTD..
Brannan St., between Third and Fourth.
OPERATORS wanted, on shirts; young girls
taught; steady work; best pay. BRENNER-
ULMAN CO., 19 Battery et. '
APPRENTICES on overalls. STANDARD
SHIRT FACTORY, cor. Gough and Grove sts.
GIRLS to rivet overalls, also sewing machine
©rerators, at Levi Strauss & Co.'s factory,
32V4 Fremont st. ; no experience necessary;
good wages. Apply to MR. DAVIS.
PRKSSERS wanted on overshirts. BRENNER-
ULMAN CO.. 17 Battery st.
WANTED — Women and girls to work on fruit.
1731 Folsom Kt.. between 13th and 14th.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
HELP WANTED MALE.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO. 'si..... 104 Geary at.
1000 men for new railroad work..../
200 teamsters; State of Nevada $2 a day
100 teamsters; Bakersfleld $2 day
60 teamsters: Coast road $2 a day
120 teamsters, Monterey Cocnty $2 a day
100 laborers; Surf $2 a day
20 tunnelmen for big tunnel; Ohatsworth
Park. Los Angeles County... $2 to $2 DO a day
:•¦ For the S. P. Co.'s own work
ZOO men Regular wages
For the following divisions
Truckee and Mendota....
Dunsmulr Redding Shasta
For all the above places *
Fee $1 Ship dally Free fare
CairiD blacksmith, $3 a day; camp cook. $30,
and 5 temsters, $2 a day, for new railroad
work north, free fare, ship this morning
2 enrrcnters. Napa County, $3 a day, 2 car-
penters. S. P. R. R. Co.'s work. $.1 day. free
fare; carpenter near city, $3 50 a day; 20 la-
borers for reservoir and water works, Napa
County, $2 a day; 10 lumber pilers, $2 a day..
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Second cook, $75: cook, country hotel, $60;
10 restaurant cooks. $8, $10 and $12 a week:
German butcher, country shop, $J0; baker's
helpers, dishwashers and kitchen hands, $25 I
and $30.
Laundryman. Institution. $40; laundry man
and wife, institution. $60; head laundryman
for hand laundry, country hotel, $23.
6 waiters, country hotels, $30 and $25; 10
waiters for restaurants and coffee houses, $35 I
to $50.
6 Bell boys, $10, $12, $15 and $17 60.
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary St.
6 CARPENTERS, plain work, $3 day, and 2
carpenters' helpers, $2, free fare; 20 railroad
laborers for mountains, Yolo County and Ore-
gon, free fare; 10 fruit pickers. $1 day; farm-
ers for Santa Clara, Mendoclno and Contra
Costa counties, $25; farmer and teamster and
wife, $40; gardener and wife, $60; laundryman
and wife, $60; laundryman for Institution, $40,
and many others. J. F. CROSETT Agency,
628 Sacramento st.
10 BOYS for box factory, long Job. $1 to $2 day.
fare paid; woodsmen and others. J. IP. CRO-
SETT Agency, 628 Sacramento sL
COOK and wife and dishwasher, country hotel, i
$100: cook and wife, $30; restaurant and board-
ing-house cooks; country hotel waiters, $25
and $30; waiters, city, $35; dishwashers and
others. J. P. CROSETT Agency, 623 Sacra-
mento st
ERRAND boy, $4 week and increase; experi-
enced foreman for water Jacket ore furnace,
$4 da; : 3 feeders for furnace, $3 day; 2 tap-
pers, $3 50 day: 6 laborers about furnace. $2 40
day. J. F. CROSETT Agency, 62$ Sacra-
mento st.
A— WANTED
German or Scandinavian coachman, $30 and
found; gardener, San Mateo County. $25;
choreman, country, $30; vegetable gardener,
country. $25. W. D. EWER & CO.. 610 Clay.
WANTED
Single young man who has had experience
driving grocery or other deliver}' wagon; ref-
erences; $35 and found. W. D. EWER & CO..
610 Clay st.
A— WANTED
4 laborers for around mine, $2 a day; 2 men
to handle ore cart, $2 a day; machine driller
near city, $2 75 a day; 2 Swiss milkers, $30:
dairyman on private ranch. $25; farmer and
wife, $45; 10 laborers for arcund woods and
mill, $30. fare paid; 3 carpenters' helpers. $2
a day and free fare; 25 railroad laborers, $1 90
a day and free fare. W. D. EWER & CO.,
610 Clay st.
BARBERS' Progressive Union— Free employ-
ment. H. Bernard, Sec, 104 7th: tel. Jessie 152.
DENTIST— First class, good habits and ad-
dress, to take charge books and business of
extensive practice; large salary; security re-
quired. Address Oakland Dental Co., 1065
Washington st., Oakland.
WANTED— Boy between 14 and 16 years of
age to assist working In grocery store: must
be willing to learn the business. Apply be-
tween 9 and 11 o'clock a, m., at 2133 Polk st.
A GENTLEMAN of Indomitable energy and
push: good opportunity to right man. F.
PERSON, room 412, Parrott building.
WANTED^-Salesman for retail business; one
rxporlonced in selling groceries or crockery
preferred. Box 4068. Call.
WANTED — 6 Jewelers; cteady work; no short
time. Apply, stating wages wanted and par-
ticulars. JOS. MAYER & BROS., Seattle.
WANTED— A colored boy 18 years old. Apply
S. N. W r OOD & CO.. 718 Market St.
WANTED— A young man; boys' clothing de--
partment. Apply S. N. W r OOD A CO., 718
Market st.
WANTED— Bushelmen at once. RAPHAEL'S.
WANTED— Cash boys at RAPHAEL'S.
BUSHELMAN wanted; steady Job; good wages.
PAUSON & CO.. 200 Kearny st.
COATMAKER. bushelman for country. Call
REISS BROS.. 24 Sutter wt.
SHOEMAKER on repairing; steady work. 756
Howard st.
SECOND porter, $15, and one third waiter, $23;
apply early. Ahlborn House, 321 Grant ave.
YOUNG brass buffer and finisher. 623 Golden
Gate ave.
B0 RAILROAD graders: 20 loggers; 10 lumber
pliers; steady work. 143 Grove st.
TWO mill bench hands; none but best need
apply. 115 Main 6t.
BOY wanted. San Francisco and Pacific Glass
Works. Seventh and Townsend sts.
LABORERS and drillers wanted at 527 Four-
teenth Bt., near Guerrero.
WANTED — Man to wash dishes evenings. 43S
Ellis st.
BOY about 18, living home, to learn bar busi-
ness. PHIL S. BIEL. Clay and Davis sts.
DISHWASHER— 612 Kearny St.
WANTED— Prrsser on vests. E. H. LEVY, 513
Market st.
WANTED — W r aiter for coffee and lunch house.
32 Sixth st.
BOOTBLACK for barber shop and to clean
baths. 120 Geary st.
WANTED— Second waiter. Golden Gate Hotel,
134 Fourth st.
GOOD barber wanted; steady; good wages. 325
Grant ave.
WANTED^ barbers;* highest wages. 442
Geary st.
GOOD barber wanted. 105 Fourth it
MAN to care for horses and yard; $6 a week
and board. Box 4074. Call of flee.
DISHWASHER wanted at 611 Larkin tt
10 GOOD painters wanted. QERCKE &
WEBER. 717 Larkin at.
BARBER wanted at 886 Geary st.
WANTED — A lunch waiter and vegetable man
at 434 Fifth at.
WAITER wanted; wait at table and make him-
self useful. 37 Eddy st.
WANTED— An extra waiter at 619 Post St.;
call early.
BOOTBLACK wanted; " inquire at once. 626
Market st.
2 YOUNG men to help in restaurant; $7 per
week. 211 Grant ave.
BARBER shop for sale; cheap; must sell to-
day or to-morrow. 217 Fourth st.
FIRST-CLASS porter for barber shop! OSCAR
BARTHE. 17 Taylor st. «o^a«
WANTED— A Fteady barber at 328 Montgom-
ery st.
TAILOR'S cutter wanted: one that Is a good
coatmaker. Address C. J. ANDREWS Port
Townsend, Wash.
ALL sizes men's shoes, •lightly damaged, half
price. 662 Mission st., bet. lit and Zi sta.
HELP WANTED MALE.
A— MURRAT &~REA~DY '. .'.7. '.. Phone MaTnlJMS
...Leading Employment and Labor Agents...
Want 7 a. in. To-D-ay
., We Ship Free
Men for all parts of California. Utah. Wash-
ington, Arizona, Oregon, Colorado, Nevada
and Hawaiian Isrlanda*.
Free fare and office fee only $1
Special to-day to the following districts:
Dunsmulr Redding Shasta
Hern>lo-n Fresno Mendota
Los Angeles and. .Santa Barbara districts I
Reno (Nev.) and Truckee districts I
Crows Landing. .and Newman districts
San Luis an.!..... Surf districts
Bakersfleld and Mailera districts
Salt Lake City Soda Springs
And other points good wages
We Ship Free Come one, come all
It only costs $1 fee and no other expenses....
Come, see
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
A— MECHANICAL HELP
Machinist for manufacturing Co )3 day
6 carpenters < free fare
6 laborers to help carpenters free fare
Brick mason $4 day
Z carpenters, sawmill co. ..$63 & fd. fare paid
carpenters for ranches and vineyards
|3o and J40 and found
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
WE PAY YOUR FARE
AND.. SHIP.. TO-DAY.. TO. .THE.. SAW -
MILLS AND WOODS
150 laborers, no experience required, wages
from J26 to J40 and found, fare paid
SO woodsmen and mlllmen, $30 and $30 and
found; shingle sawyer. $C0 and found
Sniper, line pullers, carriage setter. Jack-
screwer, planing mill help, in fact, every
class of sawmills and woods help, good wages.
HANDY MEN, here is a good pob for you...
150 men. who can use hatchet, to build flume,
J30 to $40 and found, long job
60 woodsmen and laborers, Santa Crur Co
60 lumber pliers, Santa Cruz Co., $60; a lum-
ber pliers, city yard, $52
Loggers and crosscut sawyers.... $45 and found
Edgerman. $3 day; carriage setter, $2 M day.
.... FARMS. .VINEYARDS. .ORCHARDS ....
DAIRIES
78 ranch hands, teamsters, etc., $26 to $32 50
and found
10 men to break colts $45 and found
Milkers. cbee?emakers and buttermakers
Farmers and wives. $3o and $W and found
Blacksmiths and helpers $80 and $52
Stablemen, hostlers, buggy washers, $25 to
$33 and found Chore boys and men
HELP..FOR.. THE. .MINES
Married furnace man
62 laborers, no experience required, for all
parts of California $35 to $40 and i'ound I
Miners, single and double hand. .$75 and $90 J
173 laborers and teamsters, city and ?hort I
distance In the country. $1 75 to $2 CO day; |
Drillers, $2 day; brick setters and wheelers..
TlemakT.o. woodchoppers. etc
.. BESIDES.. THE.. ABOVE.. WE. .HAVE ..
..HUNDREDS.. OF.. OTHER.. POSITIONS ..
If you want work. .Come see us
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
FRUIT PICKERS PACKING HOUSE
AND DRY YARD WORK
160 men and boys to pick and pack all kinda
of fruit, grapes, etc., work In dry yards and
packing houses. for all parts of the country..
$30 and found, long Joba
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay Bt.
LABORERS BIG WAGES NAPA CO.
; 10 pick and shovel laborers, no experience re-
quired for Napa County $40 and found
MURRAY & READY. 634-638 Clay st.
A— BOY for this office. MURRAY & READY.
! 634-636 Clay St. m
i A-BAKERS .. COOKS .. LAUNDRY .. HELP
Second and night cocks for the mines, $40 and
$35 and found; also cook's helper, $30 and
found
Candymaker icecream maker
27 cooks, city and country, $30 to $S0 and
found; bakery and milk wagon drivers
Boys for Institution; all-around butchers,
bakers, also second hands and helpers
Laundry men pantry men
Grocery clerk and drive wagon, city
Clerk for lodging-house
Dishwashers and others
MURRAY & READT. 634-8S6 Clay St.
WANTED— For U. S. army, able-bodied, un-
married men between ages of 21 and 33: citi-
zens of United States; of good character and
temperate habits, who can speak, read ana
write English; recruits are specially desired
for service in Philippines. For information
apply to Recruiting Officer, 121 New Mont-
gomery st.. San Francisco, Cal.
WANTED— Recruits for the United Stat-s Ma-
rine Corps. U. S. Navy, able-bodied, unmar-
ried men of good charaoter. between the ages
of 21 and 35 years: not less than 5 feet 4
Inches and not over 6 feet 1 inch in height;
must be citizens of the United States or per-
sons who have legally declared their inten-
tions to become citizens: able to read, write
and speak English properly. For further in-
formation apply at the Marine Recnittinjr Of-
fice. 40 Ellis st.. San Ftanclsco, Cal. , 530 K St..
tacramento. Cal., or 1053 J sL. Fresno. Cal.
SINGLE man. 25 to 35 years of age. who un-
derstands care of greenhouses, growing car-
nations, roses, propagating young stock, etc. :
one who has had experience In the florist
business preferred: wases $40 and found for
the right man. Address, stating full particu-
lars as to experience, reference, etc., P. O.
box 453. Sacramento, Cal.
WANTED— For planing mill, 1 first-class
sticker hand: 1 first-class sash and door
maker; 2 first-class bench hands, competent
and experienced. Address box 4044, Call.
WAXTED-2 first-class sticker hands, also a
i few bench hands, at Pacific Planing Mill.
'. Bern' «., near Sixth.
TWO first-class mill bench hands. Aoply at
Pacific Coast Lumber and Mill Co.. Second
and Grove sts.. Oakland.
WANTED— Strong German boy to learn bak-
er's trade. Inquire 326 Broadway, between
Sonsome and Montgomery.
GOOD buttonhole maker on custom coats;
wages no object. 027 Market St.. room 623.
YOUNG man to drive wagon. People's Mar-
ket. 2299 Market St.
WANTED— Good barger: steady Job. Apply 725
Fourth St., San Rafael, Tel. Red 15.
WANTED— Stable attendants. Apply W. UP-
WARD, Baden, end of San Mateo elec. line.
WANTED— Watchmaker; steady position: state
references and salary expected. Box 4049, Call.
LARGE boy to work In laundry. 251 Jessie
St.. near Fourth.
DISHWASHER wanted at 1410 Polk street.
BARBERS — Three-chair shop: cigar stand:
laundry office. DECKELMAN BROS.. 100
Ellis st. ¦
STEADT boy of good address; 16 years. CAR-
SON GLqVE CO., 35 Market st.
WANTED-^Steady man, with small capital;
permanent place; will pay $63 per month year
round; light work. 1018 Market St.. room 10.
. WANTEDj-Steady waiter, extra waiter, extra
cook. 25 Taylor st.
BARBERS— Good-paying 5-chatr shop: must be
sold on account of departure; a bargain.
DECKELMAN BROS.. 106 Ellis st.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics' to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third St.: 150 large
rooms: 23c per night: $1 to $2 per week.
NEW goods; quick sales; salary or commis-
sion; city or country. THE J. DEWLNG CO..
Flood bulldlcg.
BRANDY makers— Heavy spirit barrels fcr
brandy at CARL'S, 217, Commercial at.
GET your shoes half soled while waiting; Ko-
to 60c. 562 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
MEN and women to learn barber trade. S F.
Barber College. 741A Howard st.
SAILORS, ordinary seamen and green hands-
all parts of world. HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart.
PENSIONS— GEO. D. CAMPBELL, lawyer IB
years' practice: Examiner. building.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket: 7C0 rooms, 25c night; reading-room; fre«
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
L1NDELL Hoase. corner Sixth and Howard—
Rooms 15c to 25c night: 75c to $2 per week.
HORSES, I^VE STOCK. Etc — For Sale
40 HORSES for sale: also wagons, bnggtea'
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market'
327 Sixth st ; auction sales every Wednesday
SULLIVAN k DOYLE. Auctioneers.
70 HEAD draft, carriage and saddle hones-
also pneumatic and rubber-tired buggies'
cheap. Occidental Horse Exchange, 721 How-
ard st. -*--¦.¦ .
HOtSES TO IET.
A— PRINTED list; houses tn let; send for e\r~
cular. O. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
$22 50-MODERN house. 7 -rooms; large base^
ment. 367 Shotwell st.. near Eighteenth.
POST, 2225. bet, Scott and Devlsadero— Modern
house; large stable; large driveway.
4 *"* **"»' lar *»
J^ ST _^- VI^Jp'OU\D.
LOST— On 11 o'clock "boat 6akiaSnd^ro"iJ^~F'
to Oakland, a gray alligator purse, metal
trimmings, containing a key and upward or
$1J. Finder please mail purse and kev tn
MRS. MEE. ISM Broadway, S. F. and keen
money. "
LOST— Mexican hand-carved leather griD also
Sat£ 3S iT St^A^dref .^oS'V E "
* 2 Ji? WAI^ I> ~ L ? st - an umbre »a at Lands End.
Friday. Aug. 31. Return cashier. 250 Sutter!
LOST-At Chutes, plain gold locket and chain-
reward. Box 4075, Call office. ««"»».
FOUND— Black greyhound dog with white col-
lar and toes. Apply OMEYER, cor. Fax ton
and Grafton sts., Ingleslde.
TOUNO yellow collie with whita breast and
feet; reward. 1713 Pacific ave.
MISCELLA5EOCS FOU BA1 "^:
BOILERS ensines 2d-hand machinery. Mo
INTOSH & WOLPMAN, 195-137 Fremont st.
BARS, back bars, mirror?, showcases, counters,
linoleum, new and second-hand: we always
have a large stock of saloon outfits on hand;
32 complete outfits on our floor, reaJy made;
wa can ship everything In 24 hours. J.
XGQNAN. 1017, 1015, 1021. 1023 Mission at.
above Sixth: write for catalogue.
FIRST-CLASS 8 li. P. !>team engine and
boiler; barsain. EFSTEIN. , r^ Mission St.
FURNITURE and sewing machine for *ale.
cheap. 624'i Lombard st.
FOIl SALE— Property of the Live Oak Consol-
idated Gold Mining Co.. situated in Nevada
County. IS milei north of Auburn; 2 patented
claims; S-stamp quartz mlil; fMtch and hoist-
Ins works complete. For further particulars
Irau'.re of A. JJEISTER. 311 Ninth St.. Sao-
ramento, Cal.
A-BUTS. sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleya,
etc. TVHITELAW. Z11 Spear »t.
A— $3 5(> DERBY and Fe.iora hats. $1 73. Pop-
ular Price Katters. 3"0 Kearny st., nt-ar Pine.
A— 100 H. P. enct^e. boiler, two drill air com-
pressor. JAP.DIN'ES. 23) Fremont «t.
PORTABLE engines, boilers; iron an<i wood
planers, lathes; 2d-hand. J. Burke. 12") Beale.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-han>1: moving
pictures. PUlLAHD A BRCCK. 131 Post st.
STEEL tanks, all sizes; suitable for water or
otl: cheap: all thapea: uecond-h&nd. H S.
; WHITE. 516 Mission st.
A FINE mit. $13: dress pants. $: 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 4.T7 Montgomery «:.
FT'LL lin* cameras and phot" supplies: sellln?
cheap. W. A. HAltTTER. ff! Exim'ner bMg
¦WILL rent full r1rs?» Ttixeilo or Prince Albert
nutts for $2 50. Pcrtlairl Lnan Office. 1"> S:ktn.
A 10 TON Fairbanks scale anl flre and burglar
proof nafe. 21« California »t.
2R-IIANT} photographic and masrlc lantern out-
fits bought, sold, exchanged, ino Montcomery.
Fir.ST-CLASS 3>cond-fwn 1 modern engine, anj
boilers bousht and soil. KROGH Mfg._ Co.
EPISON* concert phonograph: reduce<1 price.
J7J: concert reccrds. ?1 50. Ilac'.Ralupt. "J33 Mkt.
SaFeS— New and MCOnd-hand THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-1:3 Sacrament* «t.
S\FES — New ar.il second-hand: all sizes. TUB
WALTZ SAFB. 1^-111 Market st.. -«np Fm.
MISCELLAXKOfS WANTS.
AN Oliver typewriter wanted: state price. Box
4053. Call office.
LADIES' and pents" ciist-r>rf clotnlnsr bought &
eold. Silverroan, 9S4 Folsom: tel. Folaom 1131.
KLEIN still pays best prlc for clothlns. brle-
a - brae and books. 103 Sixth st. : tel. Jessie 141.
IF you -wish full value fnr your cast-o!T clothinsc
call on B. COTTEN v-7 TV-<V fV HTa"V 4irv
UO2CEY TO LOA.S.
ANT amount at 8 per cent: 1st. Id and 3d mort-
gages, undivided interest, reai estate In pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought: no de-
lay get my terms before doing business else-
where. R. McCOLGAN. 2> Montgomery, r. «¦
ANY proposition, any amount: 6 per cent; first,
second mortgage*, estates In probate, interest
in estates, legacies, corporation loans, chattel
mortgages, life Insurance. Room 18. first floor.
Chronicle bldg. HALLORAN & OLriEN.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store, 848 Market
et.; tel. Main 1644. Pranch 13 Third st.
ON furniture and pianos without removal ;quici
service; money direct: low»st Interest. Rooms
68 and 60. Donohoe building. 1170 Market st.
ON real estate. 1st and 2nr! mortgages and on
furniture or pianos; n» removal: any amount;
lowest rate. EECKER & CO.. 26 Montgomery.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds,
watches, jewelry. \Y. J. HE.STHAL. 10 Sixt.i;
highest price for old gold, silver, diamonds.
LOANS
SALARIES AND FUP.NITITRE
O. H. IIARSlir.ARGER, C22 Ellis, room 34.
AT 1!6 Kearny Bt.. room 9, respectable private
place to borrow on watches, diamonds; lowest
rates; t«k<? elevator. TeleDhone Davis 935.
JiOO.COO at 6 per cent in sums to suit In city; also
IliO.OCO en large ranches; also on second mort-
gages. R. J. MERCER & SON. 412 Pine st.
ANT amount by private party on furniture and
pianos; no removal; low ratee; confidential.
EONELLI. 201 Jones St.. corner Eddy.
MONEY loaned salaried people without security.
HILL. r. 44. Merchants' Ex.. 431 California.
ON furniture and i>ianos; no removal; confi-
dential; on diamonds, etc. 32 Taylor st.
TO salaried people without security; al! busi-
ness confidential. Tousley Co., 321 Parroft big.
H. MURPHY. 6-0 Market bL. solves all kinds of
financial problems; 2d mortgage*, estates. »te.
On furniture, pianos; 3 per cent per month; n">
commusion. Mrs. Wilson, rm. 101 6 Ediy st.
I CASH loaned to salaried people en note without
ir.dorser. MORRELL. 609 Examiner bullllns.
ON furniture, r^nos, without removal: no com-
mission; private. LICX. 11« McAllister st.
TO salaried people without collateral or in-
dcrsor. S. F. Pl«cour.t Agency. 143 Phelan b!
MEDICAL.
DR. and MRS. D.WIES. 12:S Market St.— Reli-
able ladies' and gents' specialists; 32 years'
practice; have treated thousands of cases suc-
cessfully; a positive cure guaranteed at of-
fice; ladles treated can return home the aam>*
day; try the celebrated HINDO HERB treat-
ment for home cure; any one can use It by di-
rections; perfectly harmless; home for confine-
ment. Seed five 2-cer.t stamps for circular.
MRS. DR. KOHL, the well-known and reUabl*
ladles' specialist: guaranteed treatment at of-
fice, JC; positive cure: home for patients be-
fore and during confinement; skillful medical
attention; consultation free and confidential.
446 Eddy St., bet. Leavenworth and Hyde.
DR G. W. O'DONNELL. the world-renowned
ladies' specialist; cafe and reliable; haa prac-
ticed in San Francisco for years: treated thou-
sands of cases successfully: treatment can b+
used at home: consultation free. After all
others fail call on him. 1023H Market st.
DRS. GOODWIN, well-known ladles' specialists,
have returned from Europe; safe and reliable;
cure $3: have treated thousands of cases with
vuccess; 15 years' practice in S. F. : maternity
home: low fees. 10O7V4 Market St.. near Sixth.
A— NEW process: great progress in medical
science; every woman her own physician; no
medicine or pills used; can be sent and used
at home. DR. POPPER. IIS Kearny »U
MRS. DR. WTETH. reliable specialist: 25 yrs.'
practice; home in confinement; treatment at
office. {3: any ailment; consultation free; con-
fidential. 942 Post St.. bet. Hyde and Larkin.
NO TOT KITE, Chinese doctor: cures consump-
tion, cancer, catarrh, etc.; all diseases treat-
ed; sond for testimonials ?k advice free. Sani-
tarium, 704 Sacramento St.. corner Kearny.
MRS. M. ALLEN. 1035 Market— Lad'.es' speci.i!-
ist; home tn confinement: safe and reliable:
consultation free; hours 10 to 8.
DR. and MRS. M. WEOENER— Private home
tn confinement. 1312 GolJen Gate ave.
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, treats aU «lis-
ease* pf the human TWt. '.1* M.i«m ft.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
WE have one of the best equljped shops in th«
country for repairing pianos; repairs, var-
nUhlng and polishing done at reasonable
prices and payment accented In Installments.
MAL'VAIS'. ~.&J Market st.
NOW Is the time to exchange your old squara
or upright for a new upright. You can get
more for them now than ever again. Call at
once at MAL'VAIS'. *&> Market St.
THE old, original and only Decker piano; es-
tablished in 1S36: is sold exclusively by tha
MAUVAIS Music Co.. M3 Market st. They
ara strictly first-class.
WE offer you the bset goods, the best terms
and the best treatmer.; of any house In tha
city. Try us and be ocnvinced. MAUVAIi.
783 Market st.
ANNOUNCEMENT— We have consolidated the
San Francisco Music Company. 225 Sutter St.,
with our O'Farrell-st. business and now
show mor* goods in all l)n"s than any other
house en the coast. Six floors of music and
musical goods: pianos In endless variety and
prices ranging from ITS to J300. Imperial
Symphonion Music Boxes. Guitars. Violins,
Mandolins. Strings. Tr.mmlngs. Sheet Music.
' etc.; enormous stock; lowest prices; cash or
Installments. BKNJ. CITRTAZ & SON. IS.
18 and 20 O'Farrell St.: Chlekering agency.
ALL purchasers of pianos at SHERMAN. CLAY
& CO.'S have the privilege of exchanging for
a STEINWAT any time within three year*
and full purchase price allowed: the b»st
makers of every grade to select from- beauti-
ful new uprights 91 cash, J6 per mnn'h- »orna
I good pianos for $3. U and $3 per month
! SHERMAN, CLAY & CO.. STEINWAY
DEALERS, comer Kearny and Sutter sts
I San Francisco; corner Broadway and Thirl
| teenth sts.. Oakland. !
; ABSOLUTELY the oldest and lanr?st hou-»e
west of Chicago, Is KOHLER & >hibps
! 26. 2S and 30 O'Farrell st.: pianos or4an»"ani
I ali other musical instruments of all eratW
; and prices: terms easy; prices lowest; every-
! thlniv possible done to please and satisfy th«
customer. -
:A .,^, P ;m O F, D .» nne , n(lW Pianos just stored with
! ?I, f^ Eastern factcry at factory prices larul
. freights cash, or installments; social for N\
J S - G " WILSON Storage. 1710 Market st.
i R Ve« V , AL o- t S f >I Ce t fre '» Piano store from Van
? £- .P™ 8 -* w »l continue reduction vale fnr
t weeks: open e-^nga: call and get !ow prVes.
i °F a n - pU m° * toc , k l3 up t0 dat<? - an * ou r B*WThe so-called ship-worm, which bores
holes in the wood of ships. Is In reality a
form of shellfish.
SAILED.
Wednesday. SeDtember 6.
Stmr Marlposa, Rennie, Honolulu and Syd
ney.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
HIOGO— In port July 31— Br ship Palgrave,
for Puset Sound.
CAPE TOWN— In port Aue 8— Br ship County
of Merioneth, from Oregon.
COLON— Sailed Ausr 25— Stmr Alabama, for
New York.
GUAYAQUIL— Sailed Aug 9— Ger stmr Aby
dos. for Hamburar.
ACAPULCO— Sailed Aug SI— Stmr Newport,
for San Francisco.
HULL— Arrived Sept 5— Br bark Calthnes
shrie, hence April 11.
NA N A BIO- Arrived Sept 6— Stmr San Mateo,
hence Sept 1.
¦ MANILA— Arrived Sept 4— U S stmr Meade,
hence Aus L
DOMESTIC PORTS
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived Sept 6— Stmr
Ne-wbunr, hence Sept 2.
PORT LOS ANGELES— Arrived Sept 5— Stmr
Alcatraz. from Greenwood.
OCEAN STEAMERS
BOULOGNE— Arrived Sept 6— Stmr Spaarn
dam, from New York, for Rotterdam, and pro
ceeded. ,
HONGKONG— Arrived prior to Sept 5— Stmr
Coptic, from San Francisco, via Honolulu and
Yokohama.
GLASGOW— Arrived Sept 5— Stmr Ethiopia,
from New York, via Movllle; stmr Sardinian,
from New York.
NEW YORK— Sailed Sept 6— Stmr Oceanic,
for Liverpool; stmr St Paul, for Southampton;
stmr Southwark, for Antwerp.
Arrived Sept 6— Stmr Lahn, from Southamp
ton and Cherbourg.
LIZARD— Passed Sept 6— Stmr Kaiser Frfed
erich, from New York, for Cherbourg, South
ampton and Hamburg.
MOVILLE— Arrived Sept 5— Stmr Ethiopia,
from New York, for Glasgow.
SOUTHAMPTON— Arrived Sept 5— Stmr New
York, from New York.
Sailed Sept 6— Stmr Kalserln Maria Theresa,
from Bremen. Cherbourg, etc. for New York.
QUEEN STOWN— Arrived Sept 6— Stmr Penn
land, from Philadelphia, for Liverpool.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
Continued from Page Eight.
T. W. Bartel's Mac's Melody, the
Favorite in Deciding? Course, Is
Outpointed by the Stake-
Winner.
Sterl & Knowles' Sleety Mist won the
stake honors yesterday at Union Coursing
Park. A short-ender in all but one course.
Sleety Mist proved a surprise to the fa
vorite players and won by hard, clever
work. The deciding course with Mac's
Melody was won with a score of 9-7. Mac's
Melody took the lead and did all the work
in the beginning, but toward the end of
the course Sleety Mist was on the hare,
scoring continuously.
A very sensational course was that be
tween Brutus and Victor Boy, lasting sev
eral minutes, the hare pulling Brutus, who
was always in the lead, all over the Held.
This trying- course put Brutus out of the
stake. Summary:
First round— W. Creamer's Onward beat Cur
tis & Son's War Eagle; J. Potter's Palmtlower
beat D. Toland"s Pleasant Girl; D. Dillon's
Dew Drop beat Pasha Kennels' Royal Anne;
Russell Allen & Wilson's Rosle Clair btat Cur
tis & Son's Anchor; R. E. de B. Lopez & Son's
Crawford Lad beat R. L. Taylor's Beauty Spot;
T. W. Bartel's Mac's Melody beat F. A. Mc-
Comb's Little Sister; M. Duniea's Erin beat
W. C. Glasson's Sleigh Bells; Captain Cane's
Master Davenport beat H. Lynch's Lexington;
Sterl & Knowles' O'Hara beat T. J. Cronln's
Tkornhlll; Curtis & Son's McKlnley beat E.
Geary's America: Russell, Allen & Wilson's
Victor Boy beat T. J. Mclnerney's Johnnie R;
F. A. McComb'a Patriot beat W. C. Glasson's
Santonin; J. P. Thrift's Brutus beat D. Dil
lon's Europa; Pasha Kennels' Random Al-ra
beat R. E. de B. Lopez's Sara; George Shar
man's Bowery Boy beat J. Byrnes' Battleship;
Li. F. Barters Best Bargain teat E. M. Kel
lcgg's Iowa Boy: L. F. Bartel's Beer Brewer
beat L. F. Cartel's Temple; H. A. Deckelmun's
Lawrence won a double bye from Pasha Ken
nels' Reckless Archer; Pasha Kennels' Record
ing Angel beat Russell. Allen & Wilson's Belle
Clair; Sterl & Knowles' Ollta beat T. J. Mc-
Inerney's Tommy Rex; Connell Brothers' St.
Helen beat J. R. Smith's Jennie Wilson; S.
Handy" s Twin City Girl beat J. Maher's
Swedish; J. J. Kenny's Hot Haste beat R. E.
de B. Lopez's Minnie Wa Wa; J. F. McCarthy's
John Doe beat Pasha Kennels' May Hempstead;
Pasha Kennels' Risky Attempt beat Curtis &
Son's Cavalier; P. J. Reilly's Plowboy beat J.
R. Smith's Victor Queen; Sterl & Knowles'
Sleety Mist beat E. M. Kellogg's Lady Gilmore;
D. Toland's Twilight beat J. R. Smith's Victor;
F. A. McComb's Motto beat G. Helnts's High
Jinks; A. Johnson's Mountain Beauty beat E.
M. Kellogg's Iowa Maid; H. A. Deckelman's
Snapshot beat J. L. Ross' J L R.
Second round— Palmflower beat Onward; Rosie
Claire beat Dew Drop; Mac's Melody beat
Crawford Lad; Erin beat Master Davenport;
McKinley a bye. O'Hara withdrawn on ac
count of severe course with Thornhlll: Victor
Boy beat Patriot; Brutus beat Random Aim:
Bowery Boy beat Best Bargain; Beer Brewer
beat Laurence; Recording Angel beat Olita;
St. Helen won a bye from Royal Anne. Reck
less Archer withdrawn; Hot Haste beat Twin
City Girl; Risky Attempt beat John Dne;
Sleety Mist beat Plowboy; Motto beat Twi
light Jr.; Snapshot beat Mountain Beauty.
Third round— Rosie Clatr beat Palmfluwer;
Mac's Melody beat Erin; Victor Boy beat Mc-
Kinley; Brutus beat Bowery Boy; Recording
Angel beat Beer Brewer; Hot Haste beat St.
Helen: Sleety Mist beat Risky Attempt; Snap
shot beat Motto.
Fourth round — Mac's Melody beat Rosle
Clair: Brutus beat Victor Boy; Hot Haste beat
Recording Angel: Sleety Mist beat Snapshot.
Fifth round— Mac's Melody a bye. Brutus
withdrawn; ¦Sleety Mist beat Hot Haste.
Final— Sleety Mist beat Mac's Melody.
NINETY-SIX DOGS FOR
RICH FUTURITY STAKE
Draw of the Puppy and Champion
Events to Be Run Saturday
and Sunday.
The Interstate Coursins Association
held the drawing for the great Futurity
stake last night at Pythian Castle. There
are ninety-six entries and the prizes will
aggregate $3000, distributed as follows:
Winner, 11140; runner-up, $570; third,
$240; three at $100, six at $50 and twelve
at $25; breeder of winner $75, and runner
up $75. Of the total $1534 was added
by the Union Park Association. Besides
the Futurity stake a champion stake,
twenty-four entries, will be held under
the auspices of the Union Coursing Park
Association, the total prizes for which
amount to $570. The champion stake will
be run on Sunday, the Futurity begin
ning upon the arrival of the 10:15 a. m.
train on Saturday.
The drawing resulted as follows:
Champion stake, twenty-four entries — Pasha
Kennels' Rude Awakening vs. Russell, Allen
&. Wilson's Spiteful; E. Geary's Palo Alto
vs. Russell. Allen & Wilson's Victor Boy; T.
J. McCarthy's John Doe vs. J. Sutton's May
flower; F. A. McComb's Royal Flush vs. T. J.
Cronln's Wild Tralee; E. Geary's Ireland vs.
F. A. McComb's Sir Pasha; Curtis & Son's
Flying Fox vs. J. Sutton's Herschel's Pride;
Aeneld Kennels' Fine Fire vs. E. M. Kellogg's
Sweet Emma; J. P. Thrift's Brutus vs. Lowe
& Thompson's Flora McDonald; Pasha Kennels'
Rural Artist vs. J. Dean's Connemara; Pasha
Kennels' Recording Angel vs. J. Dean's Sls
quoc; Walsh & Heenan's Sacramento Boy vs.
U. E. de B Lopez & Son's Whltehead; P. J.
Reilly's The Grafter vs. P. J. Reilly's Royal
Union.
Futurity stake, ninety-six entries — J. Kerri
gan's Roxana vs. Condrey & Rought's Flylns
Daisy; J. N. Porter's List Price vs. R. K.
Malcolm's Achilles; Russell. Allen & Wilson's
Tony Bowers vs. Pasha Kennels" Reaching
After; J. Cane's Lady Hastings vs. Russell.
Allen & Wilson's Wedding Bells; Chiarini
Bros.' Palmyra vs. J. D. Sawyer's Captain
Evans: Russell. Allen & Wilson's First Foot
vs. Nethcrcot Bros.* Freda C; Russell. Allen
& Wilson's Hummer Boy vs. Pasha Kennels'
Rich Aunt; P. O'Dowd's Cascade vs. T. J.
Cronln's Vix^n; Condrey & Rought's Nightin
gale vs. W. D. Murphy's Crawford Lasa; Rus
sell. Allen & Wilson's Talk-to-Me vs. J. E.
Hurley's Bluest: Pasha Kennels' Rich Allow
ance vs. H. J. Muller's Brentwood Bell: A. L.
Austin's Nora Laurence vs. A. 'C. LI cht hall's
Master Albert; F. Jones' Wedgewood vs. L. F.
Bartels 1 Bridget Blarney; Curtis & Son's Ki
bosh vs. A. L. Austin's Thorndale; R. K.
Aethra vs. M. C. Delaney # 9 Warco;
C. O. Peterson's Silver Cloud vs. Pasha Ken
nels' Racy Anecdote; R. L. Taylor's Brilliant
Beauty vs. 'Russell, Allen & Wilson's Scotland
Yet: Russell. Allen & Wilson's Sir Edward vs.
Pasha Kennels' Rival's Answer; J. Byrne's
Master Bly vs. R. E. de B Lopez's Warregoi
F. Jones' Harlem Gladys vs. R. E. de B. Lopez
& Son's Warrlgal: J. L. Ross" Doris vs. L. F.
Bartels' Biddy's Banshee; P. J. Reilly's Moon
light vs. George Raublnger's Rosor
monde; P. J. Rellly's Miss Evans
vs. Pasha Kennels' Rope Atwood; F.
Jones' Lavlna vs. P. J. IJellly's Loughneagh;
Chiarini Brothers' Brass Buttons vb. T. J.
Crontn's Daisy Dale; Russell, Allen & Wilson's
Strayaway vs. F. Schou's Lady Gltnklrk; J. R.
Smith's Huntress vs." Russell, Allen & Wilson's
Castaway: T. J. Cronin's Vandal vs. P. J.
Rellly's Early Dawn; R. E. de B. Lopez &
Son's Crawford Rex vs. P. J. Reilly's Willful
Widow; Curtis & Son's Charta vs. F. Jones'
Tom Hurllck; Lowe & Thompson's Cora Pear!
! vs. George Watson's Fi Fi; Nethercot Brothers'
: Tlllle S vs. Curtis & Son's Psyche; Russell, AI
lon & Wilson's Lord Arfoot vs. X. P. Whiting's
Sleepy Eye; H. A. Deckelman's Kanaka vs.
Pasha Kennels' Royal Alameda; J. A. Kline's
Coronado vs. J. R. Smith's Shaugraun; Chl
arlnt Brothers' Bunko Bill vs. M. C. Delano's
La Belle: H. A. Deekelman's Ben Kirby vs.
; R. L. Taylor's For Beauty: George Parkinson's
) Ben Lomond vs. R. E. de B. Lopez & Son's
Wombat; R. E. de B. Lopez & Son's Werrloea
vs. Pasha Kennels' Rare Art; Pasha Kennels'
Real Article vs. M. C. Delano's Molsey; Con
drey & Rought's Homeward Bound va. R. 1^
Taylor's Freedom's Banner: Lowe & Thomp
son's Pink of Fashion vs. R. L. Taylor's Sir
Van: F. Schou's Smuggler vs. Condrey &
Rought's Midnight Bell: J. Kerrigan's Melpo
mene vs. J. R. Smith's Jennie Sylvanus; Neth
ercot Brothers' Floodgate vs. Beck & Hoffman's
Momus: Curtis & Son's Rector vs. J. R. Smith's
Injury; Curtis & Son's King Cotton vs. J.
Denpsey's Jingle Bells; P. M. Clarfcson's
Headwater vs. P. M. Clarkson's Golden Garter
Shnrtender in All but One
Course Surprises the
\ Talent.
CLEVER SLEETY
MIST WINS THE
MIDWEEK STAKE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 6, 1900.
11
(Successors to Flannagan & Gallagher).
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND KMBALMERSL
.to Fifth st., opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South 80.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
LADIES— Chichester'B English Pennyroyal Pills
are the best; safe, reliable; take no other;
send 4c stamps for particulars. "Relief for
Ladles," in letter by return mail; at drug-
Kists. Chlchester Chemical Co.. Philadel.. Pa.
ROOMS papered from $2 50; whitened. $1 up;
painting done. Hartman Paint Co.. 319 Third.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO..
415 Montgomery st.. rooms 9-10: tel. 5589.
SEWISG MACHINES AXD SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged; re-
pairing lowest rates; open even. 205 4th »t.
BOUGHT, sold, rented, repaired, needles and
ehuttles: reduced rates. 145. 6th; phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought, sold and repairing guaran-
teed. Chas Plambeck. 1915 Mission, nr. 15th.
STORAGE AXD WAREHOUSES.
"WILSON" BROS., storage and moving; covered
vans. Tenth and Market; phone South 762.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany 2320 FiUmore et. ; phone Jackson 2S1.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 722 Mission st.;
tel. Main 1840— Packing, rnovmu and storage.
TYPEWRITERS . AXD SUPPLIES.
GRE^T~^ARGAI^S~TN'VYPEWRlTElti^Vv'e
cell belter machines for less money than any
house in the city; rentals, |3. The Typewriter
Exchange. 536 California, telephone Main 266.
ALWAYS bargains In typewriters; any make.
Write for prices to L. & M. ALEXANDER,
110 Montgomery st.
! NEW typewriters. 13 down. $5 month payments.
ItEVALK. 409 California Bt.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
j DIVIDEND Notice— Dividend No. 19 (30c per
share) of the Paauhnu Sugar Plantation
Company, will be payable at the office of the
1 company, 327 Market st.. on and after Wed-
I nesday. September 12, 1900. Transfer books
! cloee on Tuesday, September 4. 1000, at 3 p. m.
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
DIVIDEND notice — The Giant Powder Com-
pany, Con. A dividend. No. 21, of seventy-
five cents (73c) per share on the Issued capital
etock of the company has been declared, pay-
able at the office of the company. 430 Cali-
fornia St., San Francisco, on September 12,
ISO". Transfer books close September 5, 1900.
at noon. A. A. SPARKS. Secretary.
PROPOSALS.
PROPOSALS invited — Bids for providing and
installing a sewage pumping plant for the
Folsom rrison, practically conforming to spec-
ifications now on file with the State Board of
Prison Directors and State Board of Exam-
iners, will he received by said respective
boards at the office of the Board of Exam-
iners In the State CuDitol, Sacramento, Cal.,
until 2 o'clock p. m. of October 6, 1900, at
which time they will be publicly opened. The
right to reject any or all bids is reserved.
Copies of specifications may be obtained from
the clerk of the board at Folsom prison.
Each bid must be accompanied by a certl-
: fled check for S20CQ drawn on some bank of
good standlns to the order of R. M. Fitzger-
ald, rrepident .State Board of Prison Direc-
tors, which check shall be forfeited to the
State If the bid which accompanies such
check is accepted and the party making the
bid refuses to enter Into a contract and exe-
cute a eoo<1 and sufficient bond, payable to
the Str.te of California, in an 'amount to be
fixed by the State Board of Prison Directors,
I for the faithful performance of the contract
awarded. By order of the State Board of
Prison Directors.
BRAINARD F. SMITH. Clerk of the Board.
SAX FRANCISCO. Cal., September 3. 1900.—
Sealed proposals. In duplicate, will be re-
ceived here, until 12 o'clock m.. Thursday,
September 13. 1900. for furnishing, during Sep-
tember and October, 1900. oats, barley, hay
and hay for bedding, at Presidio of San
Francisco. Cal. Government reserves right to
reject or accept any and all bids or any
part thereof. Preference given to articles of
American production, conditions of price and
quality (including In the price of foreign pro-
ductions the duty thereon) being equal, and
such preference given to articles of Ameri-
can production produced on the Pacific Coast
to extent of consumption required by the
public service there. Information furnished
on application to J. M. MARSHALL, Chief
Quartermaster.
PROPOSALS for clearing and grubbing trees
grading, leveling and rolling and repairing
roads at National Cemetery. San Francisco.
Cal. —General Depot Quartermaster's Depart-
ment. 36 New Montgomery st.. San Francis-
co, September 3, 1900 — Sealed proposals. In
triplicate, will be received at this offlce until
1 11 o'clock a. m.. October 4, 1900, and then
! opened for the above work. In accordance
with plans and speclficailcns on file here,
whl^h can be seen on application. Envelopes
containing proposals will be Indoised "Pro-
posals for Clearing. Grubbing and Repairing
Roads, etc.." and addressed to Major OSCAR
F. LONG. Quartermaster. U. S. Vols., Depot
Quartermaster.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The followlns marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday:
Edward B. Howell, 25, city, and Sadie J.
Aubrey, 22, city.
Albert J. Heeth, 30, Los Angeles, and Caro-
line J. Schlesselmann, 30, city.
Frank Wilson. 42. 3112 Webster- street, and
Nettle Heidinger, 21. 115 Moulton avenue.
John H. Duyer, 14, 2799 Baker street, and
Maggie L. Glynn, 21, 2140 Filbert street.
Leopold H. Levl, 31, Fresno, and Rachael
Pechner, 24, city.
Thomas Hughes, 27, 24 Fourth street, and
Mar}' Hopkins. 26. 2417 Clay street.
Henry M. Calkins. 37, Sutter Cre«k, and' Mol-
lie Costello, 36, city.
Walter A. Hnfmann, 24, 774 Geary street,
and Eleanor F. Meyer, 21. 2143 Pine' street.
Arthur Tcmlin. 30, Oakland, and Mary Gard-
ner, 29, Oakland.
Frederick L. Markey, 24, 2«51 Fillmore street,
and Lorena S. Sturge?. 24, 4721 Twentieth st.
C. L. Wight, 47. Honolulu, and Harriet E.
Wilder, 32, Honolulu.
Thomas B. McQuaide, 28, 142 Second avenue,
and Mary M. Giibert. 24, 3T5 Haight Etreet.
Maurice L. Rapheld. 23. 673 Hayes street, and
Victorine Levl. 23. 511 Octavia street.
Richard Resco, 24. 263'-i Shipley street, and
Sadie Lucas. 1«, 530 Sixth street.
Joseph Hlldebrand, Bj, COS Twenty-second
etreet. and Ellse Weesell, 48. 2040 Taylor street.
Emll J. Munder, 2.">. South San Francisco, and
Annie T. Lubke, 24, South Han Francisco.
EIRTHS-MARm&ES-DEATHS,
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall wili not be Inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the tame published.
BORN.
GILBERT— In this city, September 3, 1900, to
the wife of Hen M. Gilbert, a son.
MARRIED. ,
DRIESCHMAN-HARRIS-September 2. 1900. '
Harry C. Drieschman and Geneva Hall Har-
ris.
DUNN— WITCHER— In New York City. Sep-
tember 1, 1900, at Waldorf-Astoria Hotel, by
the R«v. Dr. Smith, Ritchie Livingston Dunn
of Ban Francisco and Gertrude Allen Witcher
of Oakland, Cal.
FARMAN— CHELGREN— In Emeryville, Cal.,
September 5. 1900, by the Rev. J. O. Wahl-
berg. Dr. Charles E. Farman and Elin C.
Chelirren, both of Emeryville.
FRANCIS-DUDEN-In this city, by the Rev.
Dr. John A. B. Wilson, William J. Francis
and Florence H. Duden, both of San Fran-
cleco.
LILLIE— McGAFFEY— In this city, by the Rev.
Dr. John A. B. Wilson, G«orge B. Llllie and
M&bel Alice McGaffey, both of Angels Camp.
MARTIN— HAUSSLER— In this city, Septem-
ber 6, 1900, by the Rev. J. II. Schroeder.
Frank D. Martin and Bertha F. Haussler.
DIED. ~~~
Abrahams, Henry Malley, Margaret
Armstrong, Amanda Marlow. Anson
Blakeslee. Stephen B. Murta. Mrs. Catherine
Buchignanl, Theresa Nutting, Harriet B.
Carlson, Sizne E. Nye, Margaret E.
Carson. Rebecca O'Nell, Frances
Doran, John B. Phillips. Ike
Edscn, Albert Powers. Mary A.
Giannini. Amelia Reis, Maria M.
Gray. Walter J. Ross. Robert D.
Harney, Daniel M. Talbot, Maty D.
Kayeer, Ruby Vohs, RicHard
Kingsbury, Katie Voss, John J.
McGlnnls, Catherine Warren, Kate
ABRAHAMS— In this city, September 4, 1900,
Henry Abrahams, husband of the late Rleka
Abrahams, and beloved father of Max, Morris
and .mlolnh Abrahams, Mrs. L. Lemos and
Mrs. S. Levin, a native of Posen, Germany,
aged 72 years and 7 months.
C7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 10 o'clock, from the residence
of his son. Mr. Max Abrahams, 1732 Buchanan
street, and thence by 11:30 o'clock train 10
New Salem Cemetery for Interment. Please
omit flowers.
ARMSTRONG— In this city, September 4, 1300.
Amanda Armstrong, dearly beloved mother of
Mrs J. P. Hayden, Mrs. C. Landstrom. Mrs.
W Tolman. Mrs. G. Crocco and Bertha, Ida.
Gustave and Eddie Armstrong, and beloved
sister of Mrs. O. Bloomquist, a native of
Stockholm. Sweden, aged 63 years and 7 days.
rryFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
• Friday), at 2:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 816B Larkin street. Interment Laurel
Hill Cemetery.
BLAKESLEE— In this city, September 4, 1900,
Stephen B., beloved husband of Lettle Blakes-
le-, and father of Henry. Bert, Walter, Mat-
tie and Mamie Blakeslee. a native of Con-
necticut, aced SO years C months and 2 days.
CTTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from Masonic Hall,
corner Fourteenth street and Railroad avenue.
South San Francisco.' under the auspices of
Rjuth San Francisco Lodge No. 212, F. and A.
M. Interment Masonic Cemetery.
BUCHIGNANI-In this city, September 3, 1900,
Theresa, beloved wife of Antonio Buchignani,
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
Steamers leave Broadway
*>^ wharf, San Francisco:
KSh(B«_- For Alaskan Ports— 11 a.
tre??£*2*k. m. f September S, 13, IS. 23,
BJEJJSPteSirafM 2S. Oct. 3. Change to Com-
tJivfewlv^VH pany's steamers at Seattle.
MW^vSi^ 5c> : 4 '"' ir Victoria, Vancouver
rjySiW'<Vcn <li - C-) - 1>ort Tnwnsr ' n d, Sc-
r^4&4'%x]& attic. Tacoma. Everett, Ana-
cortes and New Whateom
s * (Wash.)— 11 a. m., September
8 13, 18, 23. 2*. . Oct. 3, and every fifth day
thereafter. Change at Seattle to this com-
pany's steamers for Alaska and G. N. R'y; at
Seattle, or Tacoma to N. P. R'y; at Vancouver
to C. P. R'y.
For Eureka, Humboldt Bay — 2 p. m.. Sep-
tember in. 15, 20, 25, 30, Oct. 5, and every fifth
day thereafter.
For Santa Cruz, Monterey, San Simeon. Cayu-
cof. Port Harford (San Luis Oblapo). Gaviota.
Santa Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme. San Pedro.
East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and Newport — 9 1
a. m., September S, 12. 16, 20, 24, 28, Oct. 2, 1
and every fourth day thereafter.
For San Dleco, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Oblspo). Santa Barbara. Port
Los Anpeles and Redondo (Los .Angeles) — 11
a. m., September fi, 10. 14, IS. 22. 26, 30, Oct.
4, and every fourth day thereafter.
For Ensenada, Mngdalena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan, Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mexico) — 10 a. m., 7th of each
month.
For further Information obtain company's
folders.
The company reserves ths right to chantra
steamers, sailing: dates and hours of sailing
without previous notice.
TICKET OFFICE -4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
QOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agents.
10 Market St., San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & H. no, .
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Spear-street Wharf at»ll A. M.
CAUC $12 First Class .n-iuaing Berth
IHilt $8 Second Class and Meals.
STATE OF CALIFORNIA sails
...Sept. 10, 20. 30
COLUMBIA sails Sept. 5, 13, 25, Oct. 5
Short line to Walla Walla, Spokane. Butte.
Helena and all points In the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD. General Agent.
«30 Market st.
GOODALL. PERKINS «r CO..
Superintendents.
TOYO EISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p tn
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (illogo), XriKHsakl and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for In-
dia, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of sailing.
SS. NIPPON MARU
Saturday. September 22 1900
SS. AMERICA MARU.. Wednesday. Oct. 17, 1900
SS. HONGKONG MARU.... Tues., Nov. 13 1900
Via Honolulu.
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's offlce.
421 Market street, corner of First.
W. ir. AVERY, General Agent.
AMERICAN LINB.
R1T YOBS. SOUTHAMPTON. L0ND01T. PAHim.
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York Every Wednesday, 10 a. tn.
St. Louis Sept. 12 St. Louis Oct 3
New York Sept. 19 New York Oct 10
Et. Paul Sept. 2G St. Paul Oct.* 17
RED STAR LINE.
New York and Antwerp.
From New York Every Wednesday, 12 noon.
Westernland :..Sept. 12|Friesland Oct 3
Kensington Sept. 19,Southwark Oct* 10
Noordland .....Sept. 26. Westernland Oct 17
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO.
30 Montgomery Street.
COXPAQNIE GENERALE TRANSATLANTIQTJE
DIRECT LTNE TO HAVRE-PARIS,, m^.^
Sailing every Thursday, Instead of <f*f1vM<»
Saturday, from November 2, 1S99, at wesftraEk
10 a. m.. from Pier 42, North River, foot of
Morton street. LA BRETAGNE. Sept 13- LA
LORRAINE. Sept. 20; LA CHAMPAGNE, Sent
27; LA TOURAINE, Oct. 4. First class to
Havre, $S2 50 and upward. Second class to
Havre. $55 and upward : 5 per cent ! reduction
on round trip. GENERAL AGENCY FOR
UNITED STATES and CANADA. 32 Broadway
(Hudson building). New York. J. F. FUGAZI
& CO.. Pacific Coast Agents, 6 Montgomery
avenue, San Francisco.
0CEAS1C S. S. CO.-HOXOtTTMT, APIA
AUCKLAND AND SYDNEY.
5. S. AUSTRALIA (Honolulu only)
Wednesday. Sept. 19, 2 p. m.
S. S. MOANA (via Honolulu) to New Zea-
land and Australia Wed.. Oct. 3, 8 p. m.
J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO.. Agts., 643 Market St
Pier 7, Foot Pacific St. freight Office. 327 Market SL
l/nOMnO I IMC HATHOR ....5500 tons
M .\ml M L roC OCTAVIA "... 7000 tons
IXUUIIIUU LJI1L. LUXOR 6500 tons
¦ ABYDOS 4000 tons
Monthly Sailing for Valparaiso and Hamburg,
via Mexican ports, and South
America, etc. ¦
S. S. Tanis. '4500 tons, sails about September 5.
, J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO.. Agents.
643 Market et. Pier No. 7— Freight offlce. 327
Market Bt.. San Francisco. .
BAY AND BIVEB STEAMEBS.
FOR U. S. NAYY YARD AND YALLEJQ.
Steamer "Mantlcello."
HON., Tues.. Wed.. Thurs. and Sat. at 9:45
a. m.. 3:15, S:30 p. m. (ex. Thurs. night); Fri-
days 1 p.m. and 8:30; Sundays, 10:30 a. m., 8
p. m. Landing and office, Mission-street Dock,
Pier No. 2. Telephone Main 1508.
FARE 60c.
jT Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
fiJi r S*i '" I*-"*" 1 'or the treatment ot Private
fl»J~*V.-2Si* Plseuawi, Lost Man hood Debility or
MfcjSi^VSw* <1l*eaflev.'eartugon bcxiyandminnand
slcln D'o«a8os. The dociorcurefivvneii
oSr£2^$iii' >tni ' lsfal1 - Tf y nlm - Ctannrce iov
"3^HG*&i"3ga3Cnre»KnBrnnt*e1l. Callorwrlta
t>r, J, *'. uiBBON, Uox. 1957,Sau Praoclaco
BAILROAD TRAVEL.
noittiikic.ii iMnrir ronr«.iT.
(rA( iric sv.stkm.)
Train* ln>ii" nmi nrr dm- In nrrlf* «•
*a.n nuni-Mi'o,
(Main Line. Foot of Market Street.)
leatb — From Atlitltai 12, IsC3. — askits
*?:00a Benicia, SuUun, EIniira, Vacaville.
KuuiEeT aud llinmiMiiin *7:l3v
*7sU0a Shasta Kv.u ¦•»? - invia. WiUUrus(for
Birtlett SprisssX Willows. Ked
Bluff. PorUanO. "7:13*
*7i3»a Martinez. .San IJ Miton. Vallnjo. Napa,
L'alistogaatttlHitiita Uou *0:lftp
•8:00a DarU. Wood!a.nl. Kui»;hU Landing.
Maiys.illo. <>ru«i:ie •TilSr
|*N:OO» Atlauttn KxpreM— Og.len and East M3:l--»f
•H:WW4 Kilee, Tr^cy. Lsthrop, Stockton I):!!*
•*:HI»* Hati .)«Hir. l.iTeriuurr, Atockton,
Iune, Sacrainruto. PUe>rTll!#,
M trya7lllo. chico. lUdlCtnrl MilSa
•S:3O.< Oak.Uir. Chlusss (for Yusemite).
Mo>!or». Cirifu. •4:l. 1 »r
•!»:1»i»a HtiwuUa, Nilrn mid W.y .statu.m. "I 1:13*
•U:ou* Los Angeles Eipresa — Murtiuex,
Tr*c7, Lat.'irop. .Storjctou, .M-.rc-ti
I'frMim aud Lea Angeles •7:11?
•O:3Oa Vall.-i... Mwtiiixx »u.l W*» HUtiona •.¦>:»-1p
•IO>ooa Tb« GTerUnd U>uiwd— Ogden. Den-
ver. (.>•¦,^l.:i. Cbica^u •»: l»p
•II1OO4 Riles, Stocktou. Hacrtmeatu, Men-
diit*. Fresno^ liaoford, Vbitlia,
lY«erti!I B M»I3*
•11:O«Ja IJTermore. daog^r. Gosheo Jano-
tioo. B*k»raneid. Loa ADgelea
•ll:ii(lM Jl jjitar.M. Nil-- »n,l Way stationa. *3: t.ip
tliOOp S, t ,-iH,:ii.-n'.i l!iv».< S:i>»iiht* »r»:OI)A
•a:OOr Hij wards. Nile* and V/»j .Station*. M; l.if
•4:<M»r Jlmiim, H»u IUti:o». V*ilc<jii.
. N*i>a. t,'»li«ti.«». Santa lto»* *tlil3A
•4i«i»r U-uiolk. Winters. Haei*>nsnto.
V,,, .,!!«!,. 1. KulyllU l^Dtllllg.
XUrjstliit.. <)r.ifi;.o •IO;I^»
•¦I :3f»pNlIeis «»»• »"««»!id Stockton *?>ia»
•3:OOrTlin Owl limited -Tracy. Freano. .
l: ikf r*ii-M. Mangua fur .-nint» Uax-
bara. Loa Augelta. •1»jP.'»a
•AsOOr 8»<«:«ton «»:43a
•5iO«r New Urleasf Exrrsss— HaVenfleld.
>*•'.:* lUrlitra, f.na A: »-• \c*. Veto-
ing. El Ptio, Now Orlcaoa and
E»-t «7j*^»
•«:AOr naiwaids, MIm and Hau Juaa •»»*»*
1«:OOr Vi«i:-;.» *I»:ISF
•UittUr Oriental Al.ill --<>,; Un, Ctn-jecr.e.
Omaha, Chicago «12j13p
•«i»0p Oriental .Mnil— Ogden, Den? er.
Omaha, f'hicago "4il."»p
•7iO«» NUes, Trmcy. Lathrop. Stockton »f*il3r
J7:OOr Vallrjo. l'.rt Cuata am! Way 8ta-
tioua l»:33r
••t«3r Oregon aud ( niiiVr;ii» Ki|irf>u.Saa-
nuMoloL Mnpui:,.. I;«<1<IIiik.
r..iti«...i. r.. K -r. s.,,,,,.) »,,,i v.,i*h M:in>
CO AS I l>l VISION (Narioir <.»u s e).
(foolbf ll.rket Street. 1
}7i43a Santa C'nx Excumion for >.ni:«
Cruz and rriudpal Way BtmrtwW I«:O3»
•StISA Newark. CVntrr»i;ic, San .lose. F<- 1 km..
ltoii!>lerCrrek.»ai>taCruziiiidWay
HUtiona ••.30F
ftilSr N«w»rk CenterTiile, San Jam, N-w
Alnmdeu, Veltnu, l(mi!dur Uteek.
Santa Iriii aud l'riuuli>al Way
Statlo-.a 'l»i»»»
••iil-Tr Newark. Man .lose. Los Gatos t »::ioa.
a4»!3p OlenTTOod. Felton. Bantm Cnii «*:»«>»
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
from SIS ia»SCISCO— Foil t! Xtrktt Slr«l(S!i» S>—
•J15 y.ud llOOi.u. 11. :3 *2:33 13.33
•i:C3 t5:C3 ?5:C3f.«.
rrgmO*(URD— riilifBrtiiair.— "8:00 8:C0 IOOOi.m.
t!2:33 # l:33 12:53 *3:;3 HZZ 'Z.tZr.m.
COAST DlflHIOa (llroa<IU.tiice).
(Third and Townaeml St».)
7«: IO* Ocean View. Month Man faSSSSaZ |««SMff
? 7:OO» Han Jo«« km.I Way BtaUuM (New
Almadmi We.t..e»J;iTa only) •l«S»r
JTiSOt Sun.Uy Excnrsioo f r 9an Joml
Banta> Cruz, V : \.\a (ir:>v» and
Principal Way Station* JS:33»
••¦••• Han J»ae. TCtm l'inos. Haata Crux.
l'aciiie lirote. ras» KoWif". hail
l.nia Olilniio. Surf, l.on.poc aud
Principal Wuy Mil«r
•Klilo, Sao Jnao and Way Htatfona "»:M»
•II:3I»a f»anJ<>!«e.LosOatos»M<l WaySUrlou* *3>UUr
t'ii ISr San Matro, tUdwood, Menlo Park.
Talo Alto. Sauta Clara. Ban .lime.
Trea Pinos. rtant* Cimt, Salinta.
Monterey and I'acitio (irnTa tl»::«rt»
«3:3Op San Join and Way StaMona *7::i«p
H:1»P San Josoand Principal Way 8Ut7 ' 1 *'•>: «"> *
fStOOrSan Jo»», Loa Gatoa and Prian^ai
Way SUtioDS ?»:•»»»
•3t3Op San Join and Principal Way Statlmia HtaSSa
•«j:h»P 9an Jobs and Waydtathtua *«:«m>»
Hl»«5p San Joao mid Way Hutioim »-.:Z»r
A for Morniiif. P for Afternoon.
•Daily. t Sunday e»e»pted. 1 Sunday only.
b Saturday only.
• Satniday and. iiurnl** a Monday only.
C1LIF0SN1A NDRTflWESTcEN BY. CO.
SAN FRANCISCO AND KORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburon Ferry, Foot of Market St.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN HAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:30. t:00. 11:00 a. m. ; 12:33.
8:30. 5:10. 6:S0 p. ra. Thuradaya— Extra, trip
at 11:30 u. m. Saturdays — Extra trios at 1:54
and 11 :3'"> d. m. "j
SUNDAYS— 8:00. »:*). 11:00 a. xa.r 1.S0. J:«C
1:00. 6:2» d. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
"WEEK DAYS— 6:10. 7:iO. 9:20. 11:10 a. m. ; 12.4S.
IMO, B:l& p. m. Saturdays— Extra, trips at
1:55 and <:35 o. in.
SUNDAYS— 8U0. 9:40. 11:13 a. m.; 1:». J:40t
6:0J. t:23 p. m.
Between San Francisco and 9chuatxea Par*
•ame schedule as above.
Leav* j In Effect, j Arrtv*
Ban Francisco. [Apr. 13. 1SC0.) San Francisct*,
Week 1 Sun- I I Sun- I TVeei
Days, f days, f Destination.! days. | Days.
7:30 am! 8 :0C am Nov&to. 10:40 am! S:*> ana
S:30 pmj 9:30 am Petaluma. 6:05 pm 1 10:25 ara
t:13 pm| 5:1/0 pm Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm! 6:20 pa
Fu'.tcn.
t30 am Windsor. 10:25 aa
He>a!<J«burff.
I^ytton.
Geyservllle.
S:20pm l:C0 aia Cloverdale. 7:35 pm l:S)pm
7:30 am! I HopNnd I 110:25 am
t:SO pm| S:00 ami and Uklah. | 7:35 pm! t:ZO pra
' 1:20 tan ] 10:23 ta
8:00 am Guernevllle. 7:35 pmj
1:20 pta I C:2Q pta
7:33 am 8:00 am Sonoma 9:13 ami 8:40 am
ar.d ; i
1:10 pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. (:03 pm| 6:29 pm
7:30 am| 8:00 am! 10:40 am'10:25 aru
1:30 pm! 5:C0 pm! SebastcpoL 7:33 pm! 6:20 pm
Statces connect at Santa Roaa for Mark West
Bprlngrs and %Vh!t* Pulphri? Pprlnes: »t Pulton
for Altruna: at Lytton for Lytton ?prtn«:»; at
Geyservllle for Skagss Sprlr.js; at Cloverdalw
for the Geysers : at Hoplani for Duncan
Springs. Hlfhlard Springs. KelseyvlIIe. Carls-
bad sprlnss. Soda Bay. L&keport and Rartlett
Springs; at TJk'.ah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga
Springs. Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Vv'itte*
Eprlnts, Upper L&k«. Pomo, Potter Valley.
John Day's. RIverslds. Uer!ey*s. Btieknell's.
Eanhedrin Heights. nullville. Orr"* Hot
gprlnea. Mendoclno City. Fort Brass. 'West-
port Usal. 'WKMtB, Laytonvllle, Cummlna.
Bell's Springs, Harris. Olsen'a, Dyer. Scotl*
and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round trio tickets at
reduced rates.
On Sunday round trip tickets to all points
fceyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket offices. 6J0 Market St.. Chronicle bldfc
m. c whitino. n. x. rtax.
r^Cteneral Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent. __
NORTH PACIFIC GOAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausallto Ferry.
CornmenLinx Ai.nl ZZ. 1900.
FROM SAA* FRANCISCO TO MILL. VAT.T.fj
AND SAX RAFAEL. •
WEEK DAYS— 7:00. »8:30. 9:iO. 11:00 a. m.:
12:45. '1:43, 3:15. 4:15. *3:15. fi:15. «A0 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San
Rafael, on Mondays, Wednesdays. Saturdays
ami Sundays, at 9:00 and 11:33 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 7:00. *8:0i>. »9:00. »10:0O. 11:00. 11-23
a. m.i 12:15. *l:30. 2:30. *3:43. 5:W. 6:00. 7:3)
p. m.
11:00 a. m. doe3 not run to San Rafael Sun-
days.
Trains marked <•) run to San Quentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO
WEEK DAYS— 5:35. *«:30. 7:50. 8:40. *1015 »!
m.: 1J;3O. 1:U 2:15. *3:30. 4:30. y.zo p. m .
EX"NlA TP.IPS on Mondays. WednescJara
and Saturdays at »S:43 and 10:2D p. ns.
SUNDAYS— «U3. »S:00. *9:50. »ll:00 a. m. : *12 00
m.; 1:^0. 2:13. *3:30. 4:30, *5:43. 6:13. 7:30. 10:2O
p. m
Trains marked (•) start from San Quentln.
FP.OM MILL VALLET TO SAN FRANCISCO
WEEK DAYS— 5:53. 6:43. 8:00. 8:5i 10:30 a!
m. : 12:35. 1:4* 2:43, 3:C0. 4:50. 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesday*
and Saturdays at 7:10 ami 10:20 p.- m.
SUNDAYS— 6:33. 8:03. 10:03. 11:10 a. m. ; 13U.
t:2a. 2:20. 3:45; 4:5S. 8:1.".. 7:03. 10:30 p. m,
THROUGH TR.VIXS.
7:00 a. tn. week days — Cazadero and way sta-
tions.
3:15 p. m. Saturdays — Cazadero and way sta-
tions.
8:00 a. m. Sundays— Cazadero and way sta-
tions.
12:43 n. m. Sundays — Point Ttcyes and way
stations.
SANTA F"E ROUTE
TRAINS.
MARKET -STREET FERRY.
Lea.y»; Urerianrl: Dally for Chica- Arrive:
go. Kansas City. Denver
and all Eastern points.
El Paso. City ot Mex-
ico. Prescott and Phoe- !
nrx. Ariz.. Ii,ik-r?:VlcJ.
• m. m. Vlsalla. Tulare. Han- t 9. m.
ford, Fresno, Merced,
Stockton, Antioch. Stand-
ard and Tourla: Sleep-
ers to Chicago. Dintn?
car between Stockton
and Bakersneld.
Stockton Local: For San|
4:10p.m. Pablo, Pinole. Mulr, Bay 11:05 a, m.
Point, Cornwall. Anti-
och and St->ckton.
Bakersnelcl L.ccai: For San
Fablo, Pinole. Muir. Uay
Point. Cornwall. Antt-
I p. m. och, Stockton. M?ri-ed, * a. ra.
Fresno, Hanford. Vl.-m-
l!a. Tulare and Baker*-
neid. Sleepers to Fresno
and Bak?rsf!eld.
TICKET OFFICES: 823 Market st.
Ferry Depot, foot of Mark«t st.. San Frandjo*.
1113 Broadway, Oakland.
MUSICAL ISSTRUMEXT5.
VIOLIN ctrir.ss: never wet: '.x-st In the world;
rr.aklr.c ar.d repairing of all kinds of musical
instruments. Carl C. Anderson. 417 Oeary st.
HEINE Piano Co. removed to 217 Geary
str«*t.
WANTED— UrripVit ;::,;.. for cash; abcut J100.
Addn-ss "42 Kearny fct.
WANTED— 3 Rcod Bqoara pianos, suitable for
schools. HYRON MAUZY. 30S Post st.
UK in the swim; rent a new piano for J3 per
month. fCOTT-CCHTAZ CO.. 560 Hayes st.
THK WILEY B. ALLEN CO.. 32 « Post Bt..
Conover and other pianos.
BOUM£R & CO.. Byron Mauzy. Oabler. Hamil-
ton piSnoc. ;0M Post *t.. opp. T - ;iio:i bquhre.
BARGAIN— Good piano cheap; Installment H
per month. SCHM1TZ. 16 McAllister eL
W. G. BADGES. 4!2 S.irrarr.ento r».. a cm for
Francis Hac—. and Halle»t & Davis j.ianos.
SITERIOR v!"'.ir.s. zl'A:ir*. eld p.nd new. H~
MTLLKR. maJ;<>r. rerairtr. t Latham place.
REDUCTION ra'.o: r.*w pianos: :s payments:
for rent. S! nr.. BWT7KV!<?. 2fl* Port st.
OFFICKS AM) STORKS TO L.12T.
EMMA
Ornces, l.sht ar.d sunny, SIS to J?0 per month;
light, hf-at. .iariitf.r and use of lei. Included, j
TO LET— ZU Puc'.tfc St.: r.ewly painted large j
handsome btor«-; vory cheap.
TO rent— Modern store; well lighted;
rert rn«.^rh!». ;-.'< Hav^ rt.
rEUSOXALS.
GENTLEMAN. 2S years, recently from Europe,
wishes correspondence with re5j»ctable Ger-
ir.an lady; object matrimony. Box 40G5. Call.
JUL.IANISM.
Scientific Healine.
E!» Golden Gate ave.
RAO carrets wove to order and for sale; also
chenille-wove russ, silk portieres; dealer In '
carr»-t twine. In hank cr chain, at lowest I
r^tes. GEO. MATTHEWS. 709 Fifth. Oakland.
£T*ITS to order en easy payments. Art Tailor-
i:--S Co., 1644 Mkt.. under Nicholas Hotel.
TiiE HUL-isON KIVEH CO.. ~
HOPKE BROS.
Mattresses unii rillows made to order, re-
covrred and renovated: honest work guaran- j
teed: prices defy con!|>etitl<-;n; fine upholstery; i
Thone fiC9; factory, lit and 3'Ju Eleventh Pt.; i
tirM-clas--? clear.irrg n;v1 dyeing. 12S O'Farrell. i
near Powell. San Fr:ii5ci.«co.
G. LEDERER has a fine exhibition of hair
ewitcSws this wt • k, $1 up: light and pray I
fwltchf* a specialty: bargains. 1T3 Stockton. I
WHY SUFFER?
Perrons afftlct^d with Rheumatism <T.n mat-
ter of how Iotir star.'linp),or any other chronic
disease, Fhould call at once at the SANS
SOI'OI. 14'? Vnri Ken nve.— the up-to-date in- |
nitution for treatment. We have 25 years' |
experience. Charges reasonable.
ELECTRIC lights in every room— Winchester |
Hotel. 4* Third Bt.. near Market: 700 rooms; :
J.'.c to $1 U per r.ipr.t; Jl 00 to $6 p^r week;
frf* 'bus and barpraee to and frcm the ferry.
O LEPERF.R, the popular hairdresser— The '
vtv r.> ai«-st arl latest !:air Mylt-F. only 25c. i
£'"1TS to order nn installments: $15 upward; ;
tl a wwk. LEON LEMOS. 1117 Market St.. ;
t><>^ v.cr-n Seventh srni Eighth.
PILES— 3^" permanent cures In San Francisco,
who ran b* 1 se^n: do operation; no pain; par-
ticulars tent. Ad. Physician, box liCO. Call.
L*-f".<=rer Quint^r.ira Hair Tonic. 35c hot.; L^der- j
er Poamo Bharnpco. only 5r rk*r- 12! Stockton. •
HAIR quickly curled or waved by u^lng Tal- i
cott'a lauling Buld: Kic a bottle; druscists.
WANTED— Old-fash icned silver, brass, copper j
ware: curi.F. nl! descriptions. 625 Dnpont Et. j
ALFRKDJ'MS ECTPtUa Henna rwtOTf pray '
hair Its nntural c<Mr>r; tl. at ail druKBists. j
CAST-OFT nothin*. old pold and ¦flverbou«bt;
f»n1 Twstfil COLEMAVS. GDC Kearr.y ft.
PHVSHIAXS A\D SCBGEOXSJ
DR. •' H. REEVE. r :r.4 Kearr.y. ceres by eiec-
tric'.ty. Nervous Prostration, Insomnia, Asth- j
sr.a. Uheumatism. Paralysis. Catarrh, Con- I
F'jrrptior, KiSney and inflammatory cases; i
dites^'.s diaenos»»cJ.
DR. C C. O'DONNELL— Office ar.d residence, j
: :" "•:¦ Market n.. t-et. Sixth and Seventh. ¦ j
REAL ESTATE CITY FOR SALE, j
SOL CETZ & BROTHER,
P.OOM A. C.1OCKER BUILDING.
BEADOtTAKTEKS FOR PARK LOTS.
Take Advantage of the Very Low Prices! Don't
Fail to See Us Ut-fore L'uying:
RSJ to JS06— Choicest Sunset lots, near the
M-J'tc 5taa4; ready to *>uild on; $15 monthly.
jr." to I75B— Choice Richmond lots for bulld-
Jryr; j:0 monthly.
ITS to S£/i— On Mifslcn »t. ar.d San Mateo car i
line; only $r> monthly payments.
$.V"i k. Il'VW — For email cottapeF: splendid lo-
•azi'T:?: nf-ar cat?; xtaynient* as rent-
Call for Maps and Diagrams.
SOL GETZ & BROTHER.
ROOM A. CROCKEU BUILDING.
THE rr/.'.-est let in Richmond, west fM? Tenth
a\>\, ;.r. fept pi>uth fr<Mn Clement; 2"x:23 feet; |
DO elf-.tted cround: all street work done; a I
prcCU bpne on each Fide of It. and very de-
F'.rabl* on this account; electric ccrs j ass
within a few fr-t^pe. "n Clement ft., every few
r.nu''?; Transfers with Sutter-st. road: one !
'are i'A raits of the city: price enly t*^; U'-'i j
first imymeat. easy Installments to suit: this j
lit c f-t yil.Vi 12 years agro. If you are look- J
Ire tor a desirable lot to build on be sure i
to examine This one.
W. J. (U'NN. TSO California st
MODERN housTF bu!!t; lowest prices ; plans and
etimates furr.ifhed. Catncbell. 1H7 Mission.
ftflSEION cottac*: 6 rooms and bath; larce lot;
t«"-rr.s tn t-j'x bu^er. Qwr.fr ill Kearny st.
REAL ESTATE COCXTKV For Sale
ACCURATE personal knowledge— each of the
1030 ranches on my PALE end EXCHANGE
list. More than all other acents in this city, i
N. IV PICKELS. the Jand egont, 6 Geary st.
FOR sale— About 2 acres of land, near Colma,
fan Mateo County. 445 Valencia ft.
A— JSOO; arre home in Lo» Gatos; L rooms Ap-
p!y A. M. SPKX-K & CO.. CG7 Market st.
Srlt^ifiiSSSUl * ni 'arms foM or exrhanped!
M. ORIKFIN. V.:- Market t=t.; lift free.
REAL ESTATE TO] EXCHANGE.
Hof'PE of 6 ro-»rr.s in AlarnidsT ~w7ri~r^nt"for
US r*r month; fxrhar.ee for lots in Alameda
or Berkeley; east ot Grore Pt. ; mo-te&ire j^ca
MODERN house: bars: BOxIS: in F-uitvale-
f"r fv F. TT"-r>-rtv. <- a il ;ko .Tjn" S 't-t.
REAL ESTATE WAXTEd!
WANTED— For purchase. Palo Alto. bulldTne
lot or cottree in pood location: state lowe=t '
price. E. BAKER. Palo Alto P O
¦ I
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
A I. \MEDA REAL ESTATE.
BAHOAINS In improved and unimproved Aia-
me^» r«>nl estate in all parts of Alanidla on
tasv ttrniE. Alaroeda Land Company, lioo
J'ark ft.. Alarneda; 20 Post st..San Franr-Isco.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
nCttKELEY REAL ESTATE.
f;~J-rOU really should see this: it's worth
Inspection; just completed; southeast corner
Tel*cr&r>b ave. and Derby Ft.; 5-room '-ot- j
tage, Qnlctod In a thoroughly workmanlike
r.nr.rer in <*vry re?p<ct; with e'.ectrlo !f£lus,
can connections, etc.. and only 10 mlr.uTes'
walk from the university. Apply to MASON
& McLEXATHES, adjoining P. O.. Berkeley
Ct»tiott.
BAPS Investxaent for $7500: block cf lanfl favor-
located rear ermtrsr Santa Fe Railroad.
Paril^iHr^ C. WILLMOTT. 110 Market tt-.^.F. ;
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OAKLASn REAL ESTATE. '
¦ acres ,-ast of Fruitvale'; 4 blo^kx of electric
rvrr; Oneet fo!1 in Uic State; land worth J40QO;
o\vr flSOO worth of nor; Improvements throe
months old; *w offer it al! for $3100; cfceap at
dour.!* the pri'f; only ?7^» ciish: balance at 7
r<r cent; wealthy owner rf-o»-ntly planned for 1
« hmnf; oomr-el!«-<l to f~o tmy at once; time
limited: fw to-day: a pick-up.
LAYMANCn REAL ESTATE CO..
460-4C2 Eighth *t.. Oxfcland.
'10O CASH. IT SB monthly; corrfortablc c<-.ttag*
of S rooms; Rood well of water: ciilcfcen-
• ,'iuseF ar.d run; sorr.e flowers; three fin? lots,
oil fenced; etreet work done; near <t mo<J< 1
pchrolhousfr, two electric car lines, new
church in course of erection; away from cold
uinde and fo*rs; excellent moll: will jjrow al-
most ¦.njthlnB; whole price S&~jO: F"ruitva>,
adjolnlnr East Oakland; call or send /or clr-
ruhr, 455 Seventh Ft., Oakland: carr;aae free.
UENEr Z. JONES. Owner.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS. ;
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND ItEAIi ESTATE.
?21".O— MODERN cottage of 6 rooms and lot 32x
' 125; wc-Ft tide Chestnut St., near Fourteenth.
HELDEN ii COOK, Washington and Four-
teenth 6tS. -t" ;":-..
FINE 0-room residence In best location; front-
ing on City Park; would take lot or small
property or go<4 country place in part pay-
ment. BELDEN & COuK, Washington and
Fourteenth f=ts.
5'." l!Xi:i.V t-ituattd lot 50x145; on north
Hide Mcrrimac bt., near Telegraph ave. BEL-
D;;N & COOK. Washington and Fourteenth.
$ac»V-:3xllO; NORTH side Thirteenth St.. near
Center. BEi.DICX & COOK. Washington
anJ Fourteenth sts.
$"500— J200 CASH, balance flat at 8 per cent;
i.tw s rooms, oorcelain bath and tiled sink;
cas fixtures and phades; cement walks; lo-
cation excellent; near local trains and car
lir.es. BELDEN &. COOK. Washington and
Fourteenth 6ts.
JS.*.O — FOUR rooms, bath; high basement; brick
foundation; 1 block from electric cars; 10
minutes-' walk to Fourteenth and Broadway.
| BELDEN & COOK, Washington and Four-
( teonth sts.
MOM PROPERTY for J2S0O; J400 cash, balance
mortgage; house, 8 rooms, bath, etc.; mod-
err.; first-c!ass condition: sunny; barn; out-
! buildingrs: driveway; lot 50x120; location and
I surroundings the best In city; close to trains,
schools, cars, etc.; genuine snap and soon
sold; come early.
J. P. MYERS. 1002 Broaiway. Oakland.
J."OCO HOUSE; for $3500; |500 cash, balance easy
. installments; new Colonial of 7 rooms, con-
taining ail the latest features and Idea3 to
make the ideal home; beautiful location;
sunny; lot o feet above street grade; terraced;
3 blocks from local; between 2 car lines; sur-
roundings first class; must be seen to be ap-
preciated.
1 J. S, MYERS. 1C02 Broadway. Oakland.
OAKLAND FIKXITCRE FOR SALE.
AX introducticn to you from H. Schellhaas, the
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
ROOMS FOR HOISEKEEPIXC.
j ELEVENTH. 120— Two or three sunny rooms;
bay-window; light housekeeping ; $12 or $16;
second floor. Call from 7 to 9 p. m.
HARRIET. 3, oft Howard, near Sixth— Two
furnished housekeeping rooms.
I HOWARD. S40 — Three sunny housekeeping
I rooms. $9.
I LADY poinir East will let 2 to 3 sunny house-
keeping rooms; walking distance of Call; ref-
erence; no children. B. E. H., box 4046, Call
| office.
I LIBERTY. S«? — i large rooms to let; bath ana
| laundry.
'; MARKET. 102S-Large light room and kitchen.
furnished ; folding bed; gas; $10 a month.
MCALLISTER. 53S— 2 nicely furnished sunny
rooms, complete for housekeep'g; private; J15.
' MCALLISTER, S07—3 sunny furnished bay-win-
j dow rooms and bath; German family; >1S mo.
1 NOE, 153—3 or 4 very sunny rooms; lower cor.
! flat; gas range; prate; bath; $12; north Mkt.
OAK. 119— Sunny front room, furnished for
housrkeeiing. $•">; other rooms cheap.
1 POLK. iZ2 — Furnished and unfurniehd house-
keeping rooms; rent cheap-
I POST. 962— Etnny housekeep^ii? Fultes. $12 and
upward; gas range; water; single rms. $7, t$.
! SL'NNNV-BROOK House. NE. cor. Gough,
j Market and Haight— Furnished rooms to let by
i day. week or month; also housekeeping; en-
trance $ Goush et.
i TENTH. 136— Sunny rooms, furnished for house-
keeping; also tingle rooms.
VAN NESS AVE.. 400-3 well-furnished con-
nocting sunny rooms; tubs; large yard and
carden.
VAN NESS AVE.. S15— Parlor floor; all newly
furnished: sunny; large yard; references.
j A BRANCH ofnee for Call advertisements and
Fuh?rriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st.
j CHEAPEST and bestln America— The Weekly
Call, 15 paRe?, sent to any address In the
Tnited States or Canada one year for tl.
! ROOMS TO LET — Furn. and Unfnrn.
ALASKA place, 5, off Mason, below Bay — A
comfortably furnished room, with housekeep-
ing- privilege;:, for a lady to be companion
for a young girl in absence of mother.
A— BRUNSWICK HOUSE, Ui Sixth— Rooms
?T.c to Jl per night, $1 25 to ?5 per week, and
light housekeeping; open all night.
APARTMENTS, single or en suite; furnished; !
rent reasonable. St. James, corner McAllister
and Lacuna me.
! AUSTIN AVE.. 103. off Polk, near Pine-Un-
fumished rooms for housekeeping; largo front
sunny; also others.
j UirRXETT. H2S Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-
! r.l^he.i rms., Euitee, single; also unfurnished.
BUSH. E20 (The Elk)— Changed hands, newly
renovated, nicely furn. sunny rms., {1 BO to $7
week: ZSe to SI SO nicht. MRS. P. RANFT.
CAPP. 20 — 3 larpe Eunny unfurnished rooms In
: quiet family without children.
I CLAY. 1711— Single furnished room; private
family; rent JS.
CLIFFORD. 204 Ellis, ccr. Mason— Elesantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
{ EDDY. 213 — 3 or 4 unfurnished sunny rooms;
conveniences; fine location; private residence.
j ELLIS, 7S2— Nicely furnished medium-sized
room; jrrate, closet, bath, gas; reasonable.
FULTON, 124, near Van Ness ave.. first flat-
Three nicely furnished sunny rooms; bay-
windows.
GOLDEN GATE. 727— Finely furn. front rm.;
tingle, en suite; gents; private; reasonable.
GRAND SOUTHERN, southeast corner Seventh
and Mission gts.— Sunny rooms, en milte or
t-'ingle; ladies' parlor; reading-room; elevator.
GRANT ave., 21 (The Wellington)— Elegantly
j furn. Funny rooms: by day. week or month.
HARRISON*. 731— Large front room; $3 a week.
HOTEL Frar.ciEt-o— Elegant suites; single; tran-
sient; baths. MRS. KING. Turk and Taylor.
HOWARD. S2S— Rooms from $1 week up to JS;
25c to ?1 night; also housekeeping rooms.
HOWARD. 9S3, cor. 6th— Orlando House— New
management; furr.lFhed rms. ; suites or single.
HOWARD, 2C21. near Twenty-second— Sunny
front, room; single; J5.
JESSIE. ?C3. near Fifth and Market— Newly
furnished rooms, $£> and up.
LARKIN. 10f(4, nr. Post — Newly furnished sunny
rooms: light housekeeping; double rm., JS mo.
LAS PALM AS. 1820 Market St.— Suite of 2 or 3
rrr.s. ; private; bath; sin. rms.: board optional.
I LEAVEN WORTH. 405—2 nicely furnished sunny
: rooms. ?s and J9 per month.
I MINNA, M7. comer Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room, $1 per week; transient.
MINNA. 573. near Seventh— 2 nice sunny rooms,
with crate, eas, bath and us© of parlor; J7
and Jv
MIKSION 793. near Fourth-Neatly furnished
rournp. day or week; block from Market st.
MISSION, 1221. near New P. O.— Nicely fur-
nlfhed sunny single front room; Jo.
! NEW MONTGOMERY, 105-20 men to take sin-
gle rooms; 60c to $1 per week.
O'FARRKLL. 10— Sunny furnished rooms and
office*; elevator: electric lights; day. wk.. mo.
°' FARRELL. 742-Nicely furnished sunny quiet
roomy, in mite or single; gas, bath, phone.
I'.OSKDALE House. 319 and 321 Ellis St.— Rooms.
right 2Gc »o Jl. week Jl 25 to J4; open night.
j PSTA 1 * HOUSE, 126 Ellis st. -Incandescent
light; reading room, smoking room and ladies'
parlor; rooms, per night, Kc to $1 50; week. $2
to IS; month. J8 to $S); elevator on offlce
floor: rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
SHERMAN Apnrtment House, 28 Eighth St.,
"<ar Market— Furnished or unfurnished.
SHOTWELL. 121-Sunny furnished front room.
f3 SO i>er month.
] EINdLR furnished rooms. Ji and JP per month
I £224 Ivy ave.. off Octavla, near Hayes.
SIXTH. 136-Furnlshed tunny rooms; single or
FUlres; also rooms for light housekeeping.
STEVENPOJI, CS3— Furnished double and single
rooms; sunny.
TAYLOR. Sl»-Xewly furnished sunny front
room for 2. $15 per month; fras, bath, etc.
" THE SOUTHERN '
NICELY furnished and unfurnished rooms-
terms very reasonable. 43S Fifth st
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
l A BRANCH ofHce for Call advertisements and
Fubscriptlcns has been established at 1096
Valencia et.
ROOMS A\D DO.VRD.
MISS DAYLIN'S. 415 First— Rooms "~with or
without -board; terms reasonable. ; .
BOOMS WAXTED.
TWO or three unfurnished housekeeping rooms,
north of Market; state price. Bor 4066, Ca.ll.
IF you want to rent rooms during holldaya cal!
room C12, Examiner bullJinj.
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 1 o'clock, from the funeral par-
lors of H. F. Maass. 917 Mission street. In-
terment Cypress Lawn Cemetery-
VOSS— In Fort Bragg. September 3, 1900, John
Jr., younsest and beloved son of John and
Mary Voss, and brother of Mrs. L. Gilbert.
Mrs. H. Jensen. Mrs. D. Grosscop and Fred
Voes. a native of New York, aged 22 year3
9 months and 3 days.
WARREX— At rest, SeDtember 5, 1900, In this
city, Kate Warren, mother of Mrs. Kate E.
Sloper and Frank II. Clough of Waupun.
WIs., a native of Isle of Man. aged 70 years
and 7 mouths.
ICTFriends and acquaintances are. respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 10 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 449 Jersey street, between Castro and
Diamond. Cremation Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
ST. DOMINICE Church Building Association—
The monthly requiem high mass for the de-
ceasnrl members of St. Domlnic'3 Church
Building Association will be celebrated at St.
Dominic's Church. Bush and Stelner streets,
this day (Thursday), at 9 o'clock. Friends
are Invited to attend.
and mother of Louisa Buchlgnanl, a native
of Milan, Italy.'
Cyihe funeral will take plaee this day
(Thursday), at &:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, 1509 Broadway, thence to St.
Brlgid's Church, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul
at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery.
CARLSON— In this city, September 4, 1900,
Kigrne Emllie, dearly beloved and only child
of John and Emma Carlson, a native of San
Francisco, aged 5 months and 11 days.
ICTServices will be held this, day (Thurs-
day), at 1 o'clock, at the residence of her
parents,' 1051 Capp street, between Twenty-
fifth and Twenty-sixth. Interment Mount
Olivet Cemeterj*.
CARSON— In this city, September 5, 1900, at
her residence, 1414 Bush Etreet, Rebecca,
widow of the late Bernard G. Carson, and
' mother of John B. Carson, Mrs. M. Huddy,
Mrs. "J. J. Dunbar and Mrs. M. Barr, a na-
tive of Londonderry, Ireland, aged 78 years.
C7"The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Friday), at 9:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 1414 Bush street, thence to St. Mary's
Cathedral, where a solemn requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy
Ctops Cemetery.
DORAN— In Sacramento, September 3. 1900,
John B., beloved husband of Laura Doran,
and father of Wade, Kate and Alice Doran, a
native of Dunkirk, N. Y., aged 48 years 8
months and 20 days. (Jackson, Mich., papers
please copy.)
tn7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 7:45 o'clock, from the parlors
of Carew & EnKlish. 41 Van Nebs avenue,
thence to St. Paul's Church, corner of Twen-
ty-ninth and Church streets, where a re-
quiem hiph mass will be celebrated for the
repoae of his soul, commencing at 9 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
EDRON— At rest, in this city. September 4, 1900,
Albert, beloved husband of Louise Edson.' a
native of Norway, aged 60 years. (Nevada
City papers please copy.)
tr7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from the mortuary
chapel of the Golden Gate Undertaking Com-
pany, 2425 Mission street, between Twentieth
and Twenty-first. Interment Cypress Lawn
Cemetery, by electric funeral car from
Twentieth and Guerrero streets.
GIANNINI— In this city, September 4. 1900,
Amelia Glannlnl, dearly beloved daughter of
Gaetano and the late Rosa Giannlni. and be-
loved Bister cf Eugene Giannini. a native of
California, aged 20 years and 10 days. A
member of Yosemite Parlor No. 83, N. D.
G. W. (Amador and El Dorado papers please
copy.)
CyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the residence
of her father. 219 Berlin street, off Ran Bruno
road, thence to All Hallows' Church, corner
Sixteenth avenue and N street south. South
San Francisco, where a solemn requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
soul, commenoing at 10 o'clock. Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery.
OFFICERS and members of Yosemite Parlor
No. S3. N. D. G. W.— You are hereby notified
to attend the funeral of our late sister. Ame-
lia Giannlni, at the above time and place.
PHBLITA REAGAN. President.
SUSIE KALTHOFF. Secretary.
GRAY— In this city, September 6, 1900, Walter
J., beloved son of R. J. and May E. Gray, a
native of San Francisco, aged 4 months and
1 daj-.
HARNEY— In this city. September 4. 1900. Dan-
iel M., beloved son of Kate and the late Dan-
iel T. Harney, loving brother of Charles J. and
Thomas E. Harney, and nephew of Charles
C. and Edward F. Montague and C. S. and
J. G. Harney. a native of San Francisco,
aped 17 years and 10 months.
lETFrienda and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this Ray
(Thursday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of his mother, 1107 Mason street, thence
to St. Mary's Church, corner of California
and Dui>ont street?, where a solemn requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of his
soul, commencine at 10 o'clock. Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery.
KATSER- In thin city. September 4. 1300, Ruby
Kayser, dearly beloved daughter of Carl and
Lena Kayser, a native of San Francisco, aged
4 months.
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 10 a'»!ock, from tha residence
of her parents, 412 Octavla street, between
Hayes and Fell. Interment I. O. O. F. Ceme-
tery. .
KINGSBURY— In this city, September 5. 1900.
Katie, beloved daughter of Elizabeth and the
late Thomas P. Kingsbury. and sister of
Elenor Kingsbury, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 34 years 6 months and 29 days.
McGINN IS— In this city. September 4. 1300,
Catherine, beloved wife of the late Edward
McGlnnls, beloved mother of Mrs. Nellie
Hceekile, Mrs. Kate Benn and John, James,
Patrick, Mary and Kddie McGinniB. and sister
of Mrs. Ellen liurns, a native of County Fer-
managh, Ireland, aged 50 years 2 months and
14 days.
C7"fhe funeral will take place this day
(Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, 3?6 Ninth street, thence to St. Jo-
seph's Church, where a solemn requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock.,, Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
MALLEY— In San Rafael, September 6. 1900,
Margaret Malley, dearly beloved daughter of
Alice Malley, sister of John J., Patrick and
C. J. Malley. Mrs. E. O'Dea and Mrs. J. J.
Hughes, and niece of Mrs. John liolger, a
native of County Klldare, Ireland.
|E7"Notlce of funeral hereafter. Remains at
the parlors of Carew & English, 41 Van Ness
avenue.
MARLOW— In this city, September 4, 1900. An-
eon Marlow, beloved brother of Mrs. Mollle
Parsons and Mrs. Sarah Barclay of Riverside.
Cal., a native of Illinois, aged 40 years 3
months and 14 days.
(C7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 10 o'clock, from the mortuary
chapel of the Golden Gate Undertaking Com-
pany, 2423 Mission street, between Twentieth
and Twenty-first. Interment Cypress Lawn
Cemetery, by carriage.
MURTA — A requiem mass will be celebrated
for the renose of the soul of the late Mrs.
Catherine Murta at St. Rose's Church, to-
morrow (Friday) morning, at 7:30 o'clock.
NUTTING— In this city, September 4. 1900,
Harriet Bellna Nuttlnsr, wife of the late Jo-
seph K. Nutting, a native of Maine, aged 85
years 7 months and 5 days.
(TTTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 10 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 923 Powell street. Interment Mountain
View Cemetery, Oakland.
NYE— In this city. September 3. 1900. at her
residence. 624 Golden Gate avenue. Margaret
E. Nye, beloved mother of A. E. J., J. M. and
T. F. Nye. a native of Enrland, ajted 61
years and 27 days. (New York papers please
copy.)
ETTrlcnds and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 1 o'clock, from Golden Gate
Hall, €25 Sutter street. Interment Masonic
Cemetery.
TO the officers and members of Golden Gate
Chapter No. 1. O. B. S.— You are hereby no-
tified to attend the funeral of our late sister.
Margaret E. Nye, this day (Thursday), at 1
o'clock, from Golden Gate Hall, 625 Sutter
street.
O'NEIL— In this city, September 5, 1900, Fran-
ces, beloved mother of George D. O'Neil. and
J rrandmother of Geonre J. and Edwin J.
O'Nell. a native of Prince Edward Island.
E7"The funeral will take- place to-morrow
(Friday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 207 Larkin street, thence to St. Mary's
Cathedral, where a requiem mass will be
celebrated for the repose of her soul, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Mount Cal-
vary Cemetery.
PHILLIPS— In thla city, September 6. 1900,
Ike Phillips, beloved father of Mrs. J. H.
Suits, and brother of Mitchell Phillips of San
Jose and Henry Phillips of San Francisco, a
native of New York, aged 55 years 5 months
and 23 days.
POWERS— In this city, September 5. 1900, Mary
Ann, beloved wife of Thomas Powers, and
mother of the late Catherine and David Pow-
ers, a native of the city of Waterford, Ire-
land, aged 32 years and 6 months.
(CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 1 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 47V4 Ritch etreet. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
REIS— In this city, September 5, 1900, Maria
Margaret Rels, dearly beloved daughter of
John and Maria Anna Rels, and beloved sis-
ter of Joseph and Anton Rels. a native of
San Francisco, aged 9 years 6 months and 3
days.
(C71h8 funeral will take place .this day
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence of
her parents, 517 Valencia street. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
ROSS — In East Oakland, September 4. 1900,
Robert D. Ross, son of Frances and the late
Daniel Ross, a native of San Francisco, aged
25 years 1 month and 14 days.
(CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Friday), at 11:30 o'clock, at his
xlate residence, 1405 Ninth avenue, East Oak-
. land.
TALBOT— In this city, September 4, 1900, Mary
D., beloved wife of James C. Talbot. mother
«|of Nellie. John E.. Walter J. and Ida L.
"•Talbot, and sister of Mrs. David Cornfoot a
native of Ireland, aged 69 years. (New York
papers please copy.)
$y Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 9 o'clock, from her late renl-
d»nce. 241O'/4 Sacramento street, thence to St.
Dominic's Church, where a requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
soul, commencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment
Mount Calvary Cemeterj'.
VOHS— In this city. September 4. 1900. Richard
Vohs, dearly beloved hirsband of Theresa
Vohs, and : cousin of Frank Fuernstal. of
Berkeley, a native of Austria, aped 32 years
10 months and 14 days. (Philadelphia and
Boston papers please copy.)
(C7"Frlends and acquaintances aj-e respect-
UNITED UNDERTAKERS.
27 and 29 Fifth St. Tel. South 167.
fUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EHBALMSR1
Finest Equipment at Moderate Rates.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY.
Leave San Francisco via Sausallto Ferry
WEEK DAYS 9:30 a. m., 1:43 and 5:15 p. m.
SUNDAYS. ..8, 9. 10. 11 a. m.. 1:30 and 2:30 p. m.
Fare San Francisco to Summit and return. $1 40
NEW TAVERN OF TAMALPAIS NOW OPEN'*
TTCKET OFFICES ».621 MARKET ST '
SAUSAUTO FERRY.
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
hfcNRY J. GALLAGHER CO..
1The so-called ship-worm, which bores
holes in the wood of ships. Is In reality a
form of shellfish.
SAILED.
Wednesday. SeDtember 6.
Stmr Marlposa, Rennie, Honolulu and Syd
ney.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
HIOGO— In port July 31— Br ship Palgrave,
for Puset Sound.
CAPE TOWN— In port Aue 8— Br ship County
of Merioneth, from Oregon.
COLON— Sailed Ausr 25— Stmr Alabama, for
New York.
GUAYAQUIL— Sailed Aug 9— Ger stmr Aby
dos. for Hamburar.
ACAPULCO— Sailed Aug SI— Stmr Newport,
for San Francisco.
HULL— Arrived Sept 5— Br bark Calthnes
shrie, hence April 11.
NA N A BIO- Arrived Sept 6— Stmr San Mateo,
hence Sept 1.
¦ MANILA— Arrived Sept 4— U S stmr Meade,
hence Aus L
DOMESTIC PORTS
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived Sept 6— Stmr
Ne-wbunr, hence Sept 2.
PORT LOS ANGELES— Arrived Sept 5— Stmr
Alcatraz. from Greenwood.
OCEAN STEAMERS
BOULOGNE— Arrived Sept 6— Stmr Spaarn
dam, from New York, for Rotterdam, and pro
ceeded. ,
HONGKONG— Arrived prior to Sept 5— Stmr
Coptic, from San Francisco, via Honolulu and
Yokohama.
GLASGOW— Arrived Sept 5— Stmr Ethiopia,
from New York, via Movllle; stmr Sardinian,
from New York.
NEW YORK— Sailed Sept 6— Stmr Oceanic,
for Liverpool; stmr St Paul, for Southampton;
stmr Southwark, for Antwerp.
Arrived Sept 6— Stmr Lahn, from Southamp
ton and Cherbourg.
LIZARD— Passed Sept 6— Stmr Kaiser Frfed
erich, from New York, for Cherbourg, South
ampton and Hamburg.
MOVILLE— Arrived Sept 5— Stmr Ethiopia,
from New York, for Glasgow.
SOUTHAMPTON— Arrived Sept 5— Stmr New
York, from New York.
Sailed Sept 6— Stmr Kalserln Maria Theresa,
from Bremen. Cherbourg, etc. for New York.
QUEEN STOWN— Arrived Sept 6— Stmr Penn
land, from Philadelphia, for Liverpool.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
Continued from Page Eight.
T. W. Bartel's Mac's Melody, the
Favorite in Deciding? Course, Is
Outpointed by the Stake-
Winner.
Sterl & Knowles' Sleety Mist won the
stake honors yesterday at Union Coursing
Park. A short-ender in all but one course.
Sleety Mist proved a surprise to the fa
vorite players and won by hard, clever
work. The deciding course with Mac's
Melody was won with a score of 9-7. Mac's
Melody took the lead and did all the work
in the beginning, but toward the end of
the course Sleety Mist was on the hare,
scoring continuously.
A very sensational course was that be
tween Brutus and Victor Boy, lasting sev
eral minutes, the hare pulling Brutus, who
was always in the lead, all over the Held.
This trying- course put Brutus out of the
stake. Summary:
First round— W. Creamer's Onward beat Cur
tis & Son's War Eagle; J. Potter's Palmtlower
beat D. Toland"s Pleasant Girl; D. Dillon's
Dew Drop beat Pasha Kennels' Royal Anne;
Russell Allen & Wilson's Rosle Clair btat Cur
tis & Son's Anchor; R. E. de B. Lopez & Son's
Crawford Lad beat R. L. Taylor's Beauty Spot;
T. W. Bartel's Mac's Melody beat F. A. Mc-
Comb's Little Sister; M. Duniea's Erin beat
W. C. Glasson's Sleigh Bells; Captain Cane's
Master Davenport beat H. Lynch's Lexington;
Sterl & Knowles' O'Hara beat T. J. Cronln's
Tkornhlll; Curtis & Son's McKlnley beat E.
Geary's America: Russell, Allen & Wilson's
Victor Boy beat T. J. Mclnerney's Johnnie R;
F. A. McComb'a Patriot beat W. C. Glasson's
Santonin; J. P. Thrift's Brutus beat D. Dil
lon's Europa; Pasha Kennels' Random Al-ra
beat R. E. de B. Lopez's Sara; George Shar
man's Bowery Boy beat J. Byrnes' Battleship;
Li. F. Barters Best Bargain teat E. M. Kel
lcgg's Iowa Boy: L. F. Bartel's Beer Brewer
beat L. F. Cartel's Temple; H. A. Deckelmun's
Lawrence won a double bye from Pasha Ken
nels' Reckless Archer; Pasha Kennels' Record
ing Angel beat Russell. Allen & Wilson's Belle
Clair; Sterl & Knowles' Ollta beat T. J. Mc-
Inerney's Tommy Rex; Connell Brothers' St.
Helen beat J. R. Smith's Jennie Wilson; S.
Handy" s Twin City Girl beat J. Maher's
Swedish; J. J. Kenny's Hot Haste beat R. E.
de B. Lopez's Minnie Wa Wa; J. F. McCarthy's
John Doe beat Pasha Kennels' May Hempstead;
Pasha Kennels' Risky Attempt beat Curtis &
Son's Cavalier; P. J. Reilly's Plowboy beat J.
R. Smith's Victor Queen; Sterl & Knowles'
Sleety Mist beat E. M. Kellogg's Lady Gilmore;
D. Toland's Twilight beat J. R. Smith's Victor;
F. A. McComb's Motto beat G. Helnts's High
Jinks; A. Johnson's Mountain Beauty beat E.
M. Kellogg's Iowa Maid; H. A. Deckelman's
Snapshot beat J. L. Ross' J L R.
Second round— Palmflower beat Onward; Rosie
Claire beat Dew Drop; Mac's Melody beat
Crawford Lad; Erin beat Master Davenport;
McKinley a bye. O'Hara withdrawn on ac
count of severe course with Thornhlll: Victor
Boy beat Patriot; Brutus beat Random Aim:
Bowery Boy beat Best Bargain; Beer Brewer
beat Laurence; Recording Angel beat Olita;
St. Helen won a bye from Royal Anne. Reck
less Archer withdrawn; Hot Haste beat Twin
City Girl; Risky Attempt beat John Dne;
Sleety Mist beat Plowboy; Motto beat Twi
light Jr.; Snapshot beat Mountain Beauty.
Third round— Rosie Clatr beat Palmfluwer;
Mac's Melody beat Erin; Victor Boy beat Mc-
Kinley; Brutus beat Bowery Boy; Recording
Angel beat Beer Brewer; Hot Haste beat St.
Helen: Sleety Mist beat Risky Attempt; Snap
shot beat Motto.
Fourth round — Mac's Melody beat Rosle
Clair: Brutus beat Victor Boy; Hot Haste beat
Recording Angel: Sleety Mist beat Snapshot.
Fifth round— Mac's Melody a bye. Brutus
withdrawn; ¦Sleety Mist beat Hot Haste.
Final— Sleety Mist beat Mac's Melody.
NINETY-SIX DOGS FOR
RICH FUTURITY STAKE
Draw of the Puppy and Champion
Events to Be Run Saturday
and Sunday.
The Interstate Coursins Association
held the drawing for the great Futurity
stake last night at Pythian Castle. There
are ninety-six entries and the prizes will
aggregate $3000, distributed as follows:
Winner, 11140; runner-up, $570; third,
$240; three at $100, six at $50 and twelve
at $25; breeder of winner $75, and runner
up $75. Of the total $1534 was added
by the Union Park Association. Besides
the Futurity stake a champion stake,
twenty-four entries, will be held under
the auspices of the Union Coursing Park
Association, the total prizes for which
amount to $570. The champion stake will
be run on Sunday, the Futurity begin
ning upon the arrival of the 10:15 a. m.
train on Saturday.
The drawing resulted as follows:
Champion stake, twenty-four entries — Pasha
Kennels' Rude Awakening vs. Russell, Allen
&. Wilson's Spiteful; E. Geary's Palo Alto
vs. Russell. Allen & Wilson's Victor Boy; T.
J. McCarthy's John Doe vs. J. Sutton's May
flower; F. A. McComb's Royal Flush vs. T. J.
Cronln's Wild Tralee; E. Geary's Ireland vs.
F. A. McComb's Sir Pasha; Curtis & Son's
Flying Fox vs. J. Sutton's Herschel's Pride;
Aeneld Kennels' Fine Fire vs. E. M. Kellogg's
Sweet Emma; J. P. Thrift's Brutus vs. Lowe
& Thompson's Flora McDonald; Pasha Kennels'
Rural Artist vs. J. Dean's Connemara; Pasha
Kennels' Recording Angel vs. J. Dean's Sls
quoc; Walsh & Heenan's Sacramento Boy vs.
U. E. de B Lopez & Son's Whltehead; P. J.
Reilly's The Grafter vs. P. J. Reilly's Royal
Union.
Futurity stake, ninety-six entries — J. Kerri
gan's Roxana vs. Condrey & Rought's Flylns
Daisy; J. N. Porter's List Price vs. R. K.
Malcolm's Achilles; Russell. Allen & Wilson's
Tony Bowers vs. Pasha Kennels" Reaching
After; J. Cane's Lady Hastings vs. Russell.
Allen & Wilson's Wedding Bells; Chiarini
Bros.' Palmyra vs. J. D. Sawyer's Captain
Evans: Russell. Allen & Wilson's First Foot
vs. Nethcrcot Bros.* Freda C; Russell. Allen
& Wilson's Hummer Boy vs. Pasha Kennels'
Rich Aunt; P. O'Dowd's Cascade vs. T. J.
Cronln's Vix^n; Condrey & Rought's Nightin
gale vs. W. D. Murphy's Crawford Lasa; Rus
sell. Allen & Wilson's Talk-to-Me vs. J. E.
Hurley's Bluest: Pasha Kennels' Rich Allow
ance vs. H. J. Muller's Brentwood Bell: A. L.
Austin's Nora Laurence vs. A. 'C. LI cht hall's
Master Albert; F. Jones' Wedgewood vs. L. F.
Bartels 1 Bridget Blarney; Curtis & Son's Ki
bosh vs. A. L. Austin's Thorndale; R. K.
Aethra vs. M. C. Delaney # 9 Warco;
C. O. Peterson's Silver Cloud vs. Pasha Ken
nels' Racy Anecdote; R. L. Taylor's Brilliant
Beauty vs. 'Russell, Allen & Wilson's Scotland
Yet: Russell. Allen & Wilson's Sir Edward vs.
Pasha Kennels' Rival's Answer; J. Byrne's
Master Bly vs. R. E. de B Lopez's Warregoi
F. Jones' Harlem Gladys vs. R. E. de B. Lopez
& Son's Warrlgal: J. L. Ross" Doris vs. L. F.
Bartels' Biddy's Banshee; P. J. Reilly's Moon
light vs. George Raublnger's Rosor
monde; P. J. Rellly's Miss Evans
vs. Pasha Kennels' Rope Atwood; F.
Jones' Lavlna vs. P. J. IJellly's Loughneagh;
Chiarini Brothers' Brass Buttons vb. T. J.
Crontn's Daisy Dale; Russell, Allen & Wilson's
Strayaway vs. F. Schou's Lady Gltnklrk; J. R.
Smith's Huntress vs." Russell, Allen & Wilson's
Castaway: T. J. Cronin's Vandal vs. P. J.
Rellly's Early Dawn; R. E. de B. Lopez &
Son's Crawford Rex vs. P. J. Reilly's Willful
Widow; Curtis & Son's Charta vs. F. Jones'
Tom Hurllck; Lowe & Thompson's Cora Pear!
! vs. George Watson's Fi Fi; Nethercot Brothers'
: Tlllle S vs. Curtis & Son's Psyche; Russell, AI
lon & Wilson's Lord Arfoot vs. X. P. Whiting's
Sleepy Eye; H. A. Deckelman's Kanaka vs.
Pasha Kennels' Royal Alameda; J. A. Kline's
Coronado vs. J. R. Smith's Shaugraun; Chl
arlnt Brothers' Bunko Bill vs. M. C. Delano's
La Belle: H. A. Deekelman's Ben Kirby vs.
; R. L. Taylor's For Beauty: George Parkinson's
) Ben Lomond vs. R. E. de B. Lopez & Son's
Wombat; R. E. de B. Lopez & Son's Werrloea
vs. Pasha Kennels' Rare Art; Pasha Kennels'
Real Article vs. M. C. Delano's Molsey; Con
drey & Rought's Homeward Bound va. R. 1^
Taylor's Freedom's Banner: Lowe & Thomp
son's Pink of Fashion vs. R. L. Taylor's Sir
Van: F. Schou's Smuggler vs. Condrey &
Rought's Midnight Bell: J. Kerrigan's Melpo
mene vs. J. R. Smith's Jennie Sylvanus; Neth
ercot Brothers' Floodgate vs. Beck & Hoffman's
Momus: Curtis & Son's Rector vs. J. R. Smith's
Injury; Curtis & Son's King Cotton vs. J.
Denpsey's Jingle Bells; P. M. Clarfcson's
Headwater vs. P. M. Clarkson's Golden Garter
Shnrtender in All but One
Course Surprises the
\ Talent.
CLEVER SLEETY
MIST WINS THE
MIDWEEK STAKE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 6, 1900.
11
(Successors to Flannagan & Gallagher).
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND KMBALMERSL
.to Fifth st., opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South 80.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
LADIES— Chichester'B English Pennyroyal Pills
are the best; safe, reliable; take no other;
send 4c stamps for particulars. "Relief for
Ladles," in letter by return mail; at drug-
Kists. Chlchester Chemical Co.. Philadel.. Pa.
ROOMS papered from $2 50; whitened. $1 up;
painting done. Hartman Paint Co.. 319 Third.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO..
415 Montgomery st.. rooms 9-10: tel. 5589.
SEWISG MACHINES AXD SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged; re-
pairing lowest rates; open even. 205 4th »t.
BOUGHT, sold, rented, repaired, needles and
ehuttles: reduced rates. 145. 6th; phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought, sold and repairing guaran-
teed. Chas Plambeck. 1915 Mission, nr. 15th.
STORAGE AXD WAREHOUSES.
"WILSON" BROS., storage and moving; covered
vans. Tenth and Market; phone South 762.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany 2320 FiUmore et. ; phone Jackson 2S1.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 722 Mission st.;
tel. Main 1840— Packing, rnovmu and storage.
TYPEWRITERS . AXD SUPPLIES.
GRE^T~^ARGAI^S~TN'VYPEWRlTElti^Vv'e
cell belter machines for less money than any
house in the city; rentals, |3. The Typewriter
Exchange. 536 California, telephone Main 266.
ALWAYS bargains In typewriters; any make.
Write for prices to L. & M. ALEXANDER,
110 Montgomery st.
! NEW typewriters. 13 down. $5 month payments.
ItEVALK. 409 California Bt.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
j DIVIDEND Notice— Dividend No. 19 (30c per
share) of the Paauhnu Sugar Plantation
Company, will be payable at the office of the
1 company, 327 Market st.. on and after Wed-
I nesday. September 12, 1900. Transfer books
! cloee on Tuesday, September 4. 1000, at 3 p. m.
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
DIVIDEND notice — The Giant Powder Com-
pany, Con. A dividend. No. 21, of seventy-
five cents (73c) per share on the Issued capital
etock of the company has been declared, pay-
able at the office of the company. 430 Cali-
fornia St., San Francisco, on September 12,
ISO". Transfer books close September 5, 1900.
at noon. A. A. SPARKS. Secretary.
PROPOSALS.
PROPOSALS invited — Bids for providing and
installing a sewage pumping plant for the
Folsom rrison, practically conforming to spec-
ifications now on file with the State Board of
Prison Directors and State Board of Exam-
iners, will he received by said respective
boards at the office of the Board of Exam-
iners In the State CuDitol, Sacramento, Cal.,
until 2 o'clock p. m. of October 6, 1900, at
which time they will be publicly opened. The
right to reject any or all bids is reserved.
Copies of specifications may be obtained from
the clerk of the board at Folsom prison.
Each bid must be accompanied by a certl-
: fled check for S20CQ drawn on some bank of
good standlns to the order of R. M. Fitzger-
ald, rrepident .State Board of Prison Direc-
tors, which check shall be forfeited to the
State If the bid which accompanies such
check is accepted and the party making the
bid refuses to enter Into a contract and exe-
cute a eoo<1 and sufficient bond, payable to
the Str.te of California, in an 'amount to be
fixed by the State Board of Prison Directors,
I for the faithful performance of the contract
awarded. By order of the State Board of
Prison Directors.
BRAINARD F. SMITH. Clerk of the Board.
SAX FRANCISCO. Cal., September 3. 1900.—
Sealed proposals. In duplicate, will be re-
ceived here, until 12 o'clock m.. Thursday,
September 13. 1900. for furnishing, during Sep-
tember and October, 1900. oats, barley, hay
and hay for bedding, at Presidio of San
Francisco. Cal. Government reserves right to
reject or accept any and all bids or any
part thereof. Preference given to articles of
American production, conditions of price and
quality (including In the price of foreign pro-
ductions the duty thereon) being equal, and
such preference given to articles of Ameri-
can production produced on the Pacific Coast
to extent of consumption required by the
public service there. Information furnished
on application to J. M. MARSHALL, Chief
Quartermaster.
PROPOSALS for clearing and grubbing trees
grading, leveling and rolling and repairing
roads at National Cemetery. San Francisco.
Cal. —General Depot Quartermaster's Depart-
ment. 36 New Montgomery st.. San Francis-
co, September 3, 1900 — Sealed proposals. In
triplicate, will be received at this offlce until
1 11 o'clock a. m.. October 4, 1900, and then
! opened for the above work. In accordance
with plans and speclficailcns on file here,
whl^h can be seen on application. Envelopes
containing proposals will be Indoised "Pro-
posals for Clearing. Grubbing and Repairing
Roads, etc.." and addressed to Major OSCAR
F. LONG. Quartermaster. U. S. Vols., Depot
Quartermaster.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The followlns marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday:
Edward B. Howell, 25, city, and Sadie J.
Aubrey, 22, city.
Albert J. Heeth, 30, Los Angeles, and Caro-
line J. Schlesselmann, 30, city.
Frank Wilson. 42. 3112 Webster- street, and
Nettle Heidinger, 21. 115 Moulton avenue.
John H. Duyer, 14, 2799 Baker street, and
Maggie L. Glynn, 21, 2140 Filbert street.
Leopold H. Levl, 31, Fresno, and Rachael
Pechner, 24, city.
Thomas Hughes, 27, 24 Fourth street, and
Mar}' Hopkins. 26. 2417 Clay street.
Henry M. Calkins. 37, Sutter Cre«k, and' Mol-
lie Costello, 36, city.
Walter A. Hnfmann, 24, 774 Geary street,
and Eleanor F. Meyer, 21. 2143 Pine' street.
Arthur Tcmlin. 30, Oakland, and Mary Gard-
ner, 29, Oakland.
Frederick L. Markey, 24, 2«51 Fillmore street,
and Lorena S. Sturge?. 24, 4721 Twentieth st.
C. L. Wight, 47. Honolulu, and Harriet E.
Wilder, 32, Honolulu.
Thomas B. McQuaide, 28, 142 Second avenue,
and Mary M. Giibert. 24, 3T5 Haight Etreet.
Maurice L. Rapheld. 23. 673 Hayes street, and
Victorine Levl. 23. 511 Octavia street.
Richard Resco, 24. 263'-i Shipley street, and
Sadie Lucas. 1«, 530 Sixth street.
Joseph Hlldebrand, Bj, COS Twenty-second
etreet. and Ellse Weesell, 48. 2040 Taylor street.
Emll J. Munder, 2.">. South San Francisco, and
Annie T. Lubke, 24, South Han Francisco.
EIRTHS-MARm&ES-DEATHS,
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall wili not be Inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the tame published.
BORN.
GILBERT— In this city, September 3, 1900, to
the wife of Hen M. Gilbert, a son.
MARRIED. ,
DRIESCHMAN-HARRIS-September 2. 1900. '
Harry C. Drieschman and Geneva Hall Har-
ris.
DUNN— WITCHER— In New York City. Sep-
tember 1, 1900, at Waldorf-Astoria Hotel, by
the R«v. Dr. Smith, Ritchie Livingston Dunn
of Ban Francisco and Gertrude Allen Witcher
of Oakland, Cal.
FARMAN— CHELGREN— In Emeryville, Cal.,
September 5. 1900, by the Rev. J. O. Wahl-
berg. Dr. Charles E. Farman and Elin C.
Chelirren, both of Emeryville.
FRANCIS-DUDEN-In this city, by the Rev.
Dr. John A. B. Wilson, William J. Francis
and Florence H. Duden, both of San Fran-
cleco.
LILLIE— McGAFFEY— In this city, by the Rev.
Dr. John A. B. Wilson, G«orge B. Llllie and
M&bel Alice McGaffey, both of Angels Camp.
MARTIN— HAUSSLER— In this city, Septem-
ber 6, 1900, by the Rev. J. II. Schroeder.
Frank D. Martin and Bertha F. Haussler.
DIED. ~~~
Abrahams, Henry Malley, Margaret
Armstrong, Amanda Marlow. Anson
Blakeslee. Stephen B. Murta. Mrs. Catherine
Buchignanl, Theresa Nutting, Harriet B.
Carlson, Sizne E. Nye, Margaret E.
Carson. Rebecca O'Nell, Frances
Doran, John B. Phillips. Ike
Edscn, Albert Powers. Mary A.
Giannini. Amelia Reis, Maria M.
Gray. Walter J. Ross. Robert D.
Harney, Daniel M. Talbot, Maty D.
Kayeer, Ruby Vohs, RicHard
Kingsbury, Katie Voss, John J.
McGlnnls, Catherine Warren, Kate
ABRAHAMS— In this city, September 4, 1900,
Henry Abrahams, husband of the late Rleka
Abrahams, and beloved father of Max, Morris
and .mlolnh Abrahams, Mrs. L. Lemos and
Mrs. S. Levin, a native of Posen, Germany,
aged 72 years and 7 months.
C7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 10 o'clock, from the residence
of his son. Mr. Max Abrahams, 1732 Buchanan
street, and thence by 11:30 o'clock train 10
New Salem Cemetery for Interment. Please
omit flowers.
ARMSTRONG— In this city, September 4, 1300.
Amanda Armstrong, dearly beloved mother of
Mrs J. P. Hayden, Mrs. C. Landstrom. Mrs.
W Tolman. Mrs. G. Crocco and Bertha, Ida.
Gustave and Eddie Armstrong, and beloved
sister of Mrs. O. Bloomquist, a native of
Stockholm. Sweden, aged 63 years and 7 days.
rryFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
• Friday), at 2:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 816B Larkin street. Interment Laurel
Hill Cemetery.
BLAKESLEE— In this city, September 4, 1900,
Stephen B., beloved husband of Lettle Blakes-
le-, and father of Henry. Bert, Walter, Mat-
tie and Mamie Blakeslee. a native of Con-
necticut, aced SO years C months and 2 days.
CTTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from Masonic Hall,
corner Fourteenth street and Railroad avenue.
South San Francisco.' under the auspices of
Rjuth San Francisco Lodge No. 212, F. and A.
M. Interment Masonic Cemetery.
BUCHIGNANI-In this city, September 3, 1900,
Theresa, beloved wife of Antonio Buchignani,
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
Steamers leave Broadway
*>^ wharf, San Francisco:
KSh(B«_- For Alaskan Ports— 11 a.
tre??£*2*k. m. f September S, 13, IS. 23,
BJEJJSPteSirafM 2S. Oct. 3. Change to Com-
tJivfewlv^VH pany's steamers at Seattle.
MW^vSi^ 5c> : 4 '"' ir Victoria, Vancouver
rjySiW'<Vcn <li - C-) - 1>ort Tnwnsr ' n d, Sc-
r^4&4'%x]& attic. Tacoma. Everett, Ana-
cortes and New Whateom
s * (Wash.)— 11 a. m., September
8 13, 18, 23. 2*. . Oct. 3, and every fifth day
thereafter. Change at Seattle to this com-
pany's steamers for Alaska and G. N. R'y; at
Seattle, or Tacoma to N. P. R'y; at Vancouver
to C. P. R'y.
For Eureka, Humboldt Bay — 2 p. m.. Sep-
tember in. 15, 20, 25, 30, Oct. 5, and every fifth
day thereafter.
For Santa Cruz, Monterey, San Simeon. Cayu-
cof. Port Harford (San Luis Oblapo). Gaviota.
Santa Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme. San Pedro.
East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and Newport — 9 1
a. m., September S, 12. 16, 20, 24, 28, Oct. 2, 1
and every fourth day thereafter.
For San Dleco, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Oblspo). Santa Barbara. Port
Los Anpeles and Redondo (Los .Angeles) — 11
a. m., September fi, 10. 14, IS. 22. 26, 30, Oct.
4, and every fourth day thereafter.
For Ensenada, Mngdalena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan, Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mexico) — 10 a. m., 7th of each
month.
For further Information obtain company's
folders.
The company reserves ths right to chantra
steamers, sailing: dates and hours of sailing
without previous notice.
TICKET OFFICE -4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
QOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agents.
10 Market St., San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & H. no, .
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Spear-street Wharf at»ll A. M.
CAUC $12 First Class .n-iuaing Berth
IHilt $8 Second Class and Meals.
STATE OF CALIFORNIA sails
...Sept. 10, 20. 30
COLUMBIA sails Sept. 5, 13, 25, Oct. 5
Short line to Walla Walla, Spokane. Butte.
Helena and all points In the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD. General Agent.
«30 Market st.
GOODALL. PERKINS «r CO..
Superintendents.
TOYO EISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p tn
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (illogo), XriKHsakl and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for In-
dia, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of sailing.
SS. NIPPON MARU
Saturday. September 22 1900
SS. AMERICA MARU.. Wednesday. Oct. 17, 1900
SS. HONGKONG MARU.... Tues., Nov. 13 1900
Via Honolulu.
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's offlce.
421 Market street, corner of First.
W. ir. AVERY, General Agent.
AMERICAN LINB.
R1T YOBS. SOUTHAMPTON. L0ND01T. PAHim.
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York Every Wednesday, 10 a. tn.
St. Louis Sept. 12 St. Louis Oct 3
New York Sept. 19 New York Oct 10
Et. Paul Sept. 2G St. Paul Oct.* 17
RED STAR LINE.
New York and Antwerp.
From New York Every Wednesday, 12 noon.
Westernland :..Sept. 12|Friesland Oct 3
Kensington Sept. 19,Southwark Oct* 10
Noordland .....Sept. 26. Westernland Oct 17
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO.
30 Montgomery Street.
COXPAQNIE GENERALE TRANSATLANTIQTJE
DIRECT LTNE TO HAVRE-PARIS,, m^.^
Sailing every Thursday, Instead of <f*f1vM<»
Saturday, from November 2, 1S99, at wesftraEk
10 a. m.. from Pier 42, North River, foot of
Morton street. LA BRETAGNE. Sept 13- LA
LORRAINE. Sept. 20; LA CHAMPAGNE, Sent
27; LA TOURAINE, Oct. 4. First class to
Havre, $S2 50 and upward. Second class to
Havre. $55 and upward : 5 per cent ! reduction
on round trip. GENERAL AGENCY FOR
UNITED STATES and CANADA. 32 Broadway
(Hudson building). New York. J. F. FUGAZI
& CO.. Pacific Coast Agents, 6 Montgomery
avenue, San Francisco.
0CEAS1C S. S. CO.-HOXOtTTMT, APIA
AUCKLAND AND SYDNEY.
5. S. AUSTRALIA (Honolulu only)
Wednesday. Sept. 19, 2 p. m.
S. S. MOANA (via Honolulu) to New Zea-
land and Australia Wed.. Oct. 3, 8 p. m.
J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO.. Agts., 643 Market St
Pier 7, Foot Pacific St. freight Office. 327 Market SL
l/nOMnO I IMC HATHOR ....5500 tons
M .\ml M L roC OCTAVIA "... 7000 tons
IXUUIIIUU LJI1L. LUXOR 6500 tons
¦ ABYDOS 4000 tons
Monthly Sailing for Valparaiso and Hamburg,
via Mexican ports, and South
America, etc. ¦
S. S. Tanis. '4500 tons, sails about September 5.
, J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO.. Agents.
643 Market et. Pier No. 7— Freight offlce. 327
Market Bt.. San Francisco. .
BAY AND BIVEB STEAMEBS.
FOR U. S. NAYY YARD AND YALLEJQ.
Steamer "Mantlcello."
HON., Tues.. Wed.. Thurs. and Sat. at 9:45
a. m.. 3:15, S:30 p. m. (ex. Thurs. night); Fri-
days 1 p.m. and 8:30; Sundays, 10:30 a. m., 8
p. m. Landing and office, Mission-street Dock,
Pier No. 2. Telephone Main 1508.
FARE 60c.
jT Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
fiJi r S*i '" I*-"*" 1 'or the treatment ot Private
fl»J~*V.-2Si* Plseuawi, Lost Man hood Debility or
MfcjSi^VSw* <1l*eaflev.'eartugon bcxiyandminnand
slcln D'o«a8os. The dociorcurefivvneii
oSr£2^$iii' >tni ' lsfal1 - Tf y nlm - Ctannrce iov
"3^HG*&i"3ga3Cnre»KnBrnnt*e1l. Callorwrlta
t>r, J, *'. uiBBON, Uox. 1957,Sau Praoclaco
BAILROAD TRAVEL.
noittiikic.ii iMnrir ronr«.iT.
(rA( iric sv.stkm.)
Train* ln>ii" nmi nrr dm- In nrrlf* «•
*a.n nuni-Mi'o,
(Main Line. Foot of Market Street.)
leatb — From Atlitltai 12, IsC3. — askits
*?:00a Benicia, SuUun, EIniira, Vacaville.
KuuiEeT aud llinmiMiiin *7:l3v
*7sU0a Shasta Kv.u ¦•»? - invia. WiUUrus(for
Birtlett SprisssX Willows. Ked
Bluff. PorUanO. "7:13*
*7i3»a Martinez. .San IJ Miton. Vallnjo. Napa,
L'alistogaatttlHitiita Uou *0:lftp
•8:00a DarU. Wood!a.nl. Kui»;hU Landing.
Maiys.illo. <>ru«i:ie •TilSr
|*N:OO» Atlauttn KxpreM— Og.len and East M3:l--»f
•H:WW4 Kilee, Tr^cy. Lsthrop, Stockton I):!!*
•*:HI»* Hati .)«Hir. l.iTeriuurr, Atockton,
Iune, Sacrainruto. PUe>rTll!#,
M trya7lllo. chico. lUdlCtnrl MilSa
•S:3O.< Oak.Uir. Chlusss (for Yusemite).
Mo>!or». Cirifu. •4:l. 1 »r
•!»:1»i»a HtiwuUa, Nilrn mid W.y .statu.m. "I 1:13*
•U:ou* Los Angeles Eipresa — Murtiuex,
Tr*c7, Lat.'irop. .Storjctou, .M-.rc-ti
I'frMim aud Lea Angeles •7:11?
•O:3Oa Vall.-i... Mwtiiixx »u.l W*» HUtiona •.¦>:»-1p
•IO>ooa Tb« GTerUnd U>uiwd— Ogden. Den-
ver. (.>•¦,^l.:i. Cbica^u •»: l»p
•II1OO4 Riles, Stocktou. Hacrtmeatu, Men-
diit*. Fresno^ liaoford, Vbitlia,
lY«erti!I B M»I3*
•11:O«Ja IJTermore. daog^r. Gosheo Jano-
tioo. B*k»raneid. Loa ADgelea
•ll:ii(lM Jl jjitar.M. Nil-- »n,l Way stationa. *3: t.ip
tliOOp S, t ,-iH,:ii.-n'.i l!iv».< S:i>»iiht* »r»:OI)A
•a:OOr Hij wards. Nile* and V/»j .Station*. M; l.if
•4:<M»r Jlmiim, H»u IUti:o». V*ilc<jii.
. N*i>a. t,'»li«ti.«». Santa lto»* *tlil3A
•4i«i»r U-uiolk. Winters. Haei*>nsnto.
V,,, .,!!«!,. 1. KulyllU l^Dtllllg.
XUrjstliit.. <)r.ifi;.o •IO;I^»
•¦I :3f»pNlIeis «»»• »"««»!id Stockton *?>ia»
•3:OOrTlin Owl limited -Tracy. Freano. .
l: ikf r*ii-M. Mangua fur .-nint» Uax-
bara. Loa Augelta. •1»jP.'»a
•AsOOr 8»<«:«ton «»:43a
•5iO«r New Urleasf Exrrsss— HaVenfleld.
>*•'.:* lUrlitra, f.na A: »-• \c*. Veto-
ing. El Ptio, Now Orlcaoa and
E»-t «7j*^»
•«:AOr naiwaids, MIm and Hau Juaa •»»*»*
1«:OOr Vi«i:-;.» *I»:ISF
•UittUr Oriental Al.ill --<>,; Un, Ctn-jecr.e.
Omaha, Chicago «12j13p
•«i»0p Oriental .Mnil— Ogden, Den? er.
Omaha, f'hicago "4il."»p
•7iO«» NUes, Trmcy. Lathrop. Stockton »f*il3r
J7:OOr Vallrjo. l'.rt Cuata am! Way 8ta-
tioua l»:33r
••t«3r Oregon aud ( niiiVr;ii» Ki|irf>u.Saa-
nuMoloL Mnpui:,.. I;«<1<IIiik.
r..iti«...i. r.. K -r. s.,,,,,.) »,,,i v.,i*h M:in>
CO AS I l>l VISION (Narioir <.»u s e).
(foolbf ll.rket Street. 1
}7i43a Santa C'nx Excumion for >.ni:«
Cruz and rriudpal Way BtmrtwW I«:O3»
•StISA Newark. CVntrr»i;ic, San .lose. F<- 1 km..
ltoii!>lerCrrek.»ai>taCruziiiidWay
HUtiona ••.30F
ftilSr N«w»rk CenterTiile, San Jam, N-w
Alnmdeu, Veltnu, l(mi!dur Uteek.
Santa Iriii aud l'riuuli>al Way
Statlo-.a 'l»i»»»
••iil-Tr Newark. Man .lose. Los Gatos t »::ioa.
a4»!3p OlenTTOod. Felton. Bantm Cnii «*:»«>»
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
from SIS ia»SCISCO— Foil t! Xtrktt Slr«l(S!i» S>—
•J15 y.ud llOOi.u. 11. :3 *2:33 13.33
•i:C3 t5:C3 ?5:C3f.«.
rrgmO*(URD— riilifBrtiiair.— "8:00 8:C0 IOOOi.m.
t!2:33 # l:33 12:53 *3:;3 HZZ 'Z.tZr.m.
COAST DlflHIOa (llroa<IU.tiice).
(Third and Townaeml St».)
7«: IO* Ocean View. Month Man faSSSSaZ |««SMff
? 7:OO» Han Jo«« km.I Way BtaUuM (New
Almadmi We.t..e»J;iTa only) •l«S»r
JTiSOt Sun.Uy Excnrsioo f r 9an Joml
Banta> Cruz, V : \.\a (ir:>v» and
Principal Way Station* JS:33»
••¦••• Han J»ae. TCtm l'inos. Haata Crux.
l'aciiie lirote. ras» KoWif". hail
l.nia Olilniio. Surf, l.on.poc aud
Principal Wuy Mil«r
•Klilo, Sao Jnao and Way Htatfona "»:M»
•II:3I»a f»anJ<>!«e.LosOatos»M<l WaySUrlou* *3>UUr
t'ii ISr San Matro, tUdwood, Menlo Park.
Talo Alto. Sauta Clara. Ban .lime.
Trea Pinos. rtant* Cimt, Salinta.
Monterey and I'acitio (irnTa tl»::«rt»
«3:3Op San Join and Way StaMona *7::i«p
H:1»P San Josoand Principal Way 8Ut7 ' 1 *'•>: «"> *
fStOOrSan Jo»», Loa Gatoa and Prian^ai
Way SUtioDS ?»:•»»»
•3t3Op San Join and Principal Way Statlmia HtaSSa
•«j:h»P 9an Jobs and Waydtathtua *«:«m>»
Hl»«5p San Joao mid Way Hutioim »-.:Z»r
A for Morniiif. P for Afternoon.
•Daily. t Sunday e»e»pted. 1 Sunday only.
b Saturday only.
• Satniday and. iiurnl** a Monday only.
C1LIF0SN1A NDRTflWESTcEN BY. CO.
SAN FRANCISCO AND KORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburon Ferry, Foot of Market St.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN HAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:30. t:00. 11:00 a. m. ; 12:33.
8:30. 5:10. 6:S0 p. ra. Thuradaya— Extra, trip
at 11:30 u. m. Saturdays — Extra trios at 1:54
and 11 :3'"> d. m. "j
SUNDAYS— 8:00. »:*). 11:00 a. xa.r 1.S0. J:«C
1:00. 6:2» d. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
"WEEK DAYS— 6:10. 7:iO. 9:20. 11:10 a. m. ; 12.4S.
IMO, B:l& p. m. Saturdays— Extra, trips at
1:55 and <:35 o. in.
SUNDAYS— 8U0. 9:40. 11:13 a. m.; 1:». J:40t
6:0J. t:23 p. m.
Between San Francisco and 9chuatxea Par*
•ame schedule as above.
Leav* j In Effect, j Arrtv*
Ban Francisco. [Apr. 13. 1SC0.) San Francisct*,
Week 1 Sun- I I Sun- I TVeei
Days, f days, f Destination.! days. | Days.
7:30 am! 8 :0C am Nov&to. 10:40 am! S:*> ana
S:30 pmj 9:30 am Petaluma. 6:05 pm 1 10:25 ara
t:13 pm| 5:1/0 pm Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm! 6:20 pa
Fu'.tcn.
t30 am Windsor. 10:25 aa
He>a!<J«burff.
I^ytton.
Geyservllle.
S:20pm l:C0 aia Cloverdale. 7:35 pm l:S)pm
7:30 am! I HopNnd I 110:25 am
t:SO pm| S:00 ami and Uklah. | 7:35 pm! t:ZO pra
' 1:20 tan ] 10:23 ta
8:00 am Guernevllle. 7:35 pmj
1:20 pta I C:2Q pta
7:33 am 8:00 am Sonoma 9:13 ami 8:40 am
ar.d ; i
1:10 pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. (:03 pm| 6:29 pm
7:30 am| 8:00 am! 10:40 am'10:25 aru
1:30 pm! 5:C0 pm! SebastcpoL 7:33 pm! 6:20 pm
Statces connect at Santa Roaa for Mark West
Bprlngrs and %Vh!t* Pulphri? Pprlnes: »t Pulton
for Altruna: at Lytton for Lytton ?prtn«:»; at
Geyservllle for Skagss Sprlr.js; at Cloverdalw
for the Geysers : at Hoplani for Duncan
Springs. Hlfhlard Springs. KelseyvlIIe. Carls-
bad sprlnss. Soda Bay. L&keport and Rartlett
Springs; at TJk'.ah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga
Springs. Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Vv'itte*
Eprlnts, Upper L&k«. Pomo, Potter Valley.
John Day's. RIverslds. Uer!ey*s. Btieknell's.
Eanhedrin Heights. nullville. Orr"* Hot
gprlnea. Mendoclno City. Fort Brass. 'West-
port Usal. 'WKMtB, Laytonvllle, Cummlna.
Bell's Springs, Harris. Olsen'a, Dyer. Scotl*
and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round trio tickets at
reduced rates.
On Sunday round trip tickets to all points
fceyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket offices. 6J0 Market St.. Chronicle bldfc
m. c whitino. n. x. rtax.
r^Cteneral Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent. __
NORTH PACIFIC GOAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausallto Ferry.
CornmenLinx Ai.nl ZZ. 1900.
FROM SAA* FRANCISCO TO MILL. VAT.T.fj
AND SAX RAFAEL. •
WEEK DAYS— 7:00. »8:30. 9:iO. 11:00 a. m.:
12:45. '1:43, 3:15. 4:15. *3:15. fi:15. «A0 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San
Rafael, on Mondays, Wednesdays. Saturdays
ami Sundays, at 9:00 and 11:33 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 7:00. *8:0i>. »9:00. »10:0O. 11:00. 11-23
a. m.i 12:15. *l:30. 2:30. *3:43. 5:W. 6:00. 7:3)
p. m.
11:00 a. m. doe3 not run to San Rafael Sun-
days.
Trains marked <•) run to San Quentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO
WEEK DAYS— 5:35. *«:30. 7:50. 8:40. *1015 »!
m.: 1J;3O. 1:U 2:15. *3:30. 4:30. y.zo p. m .
EX"NlA TP.IPS on Mondays. WednescJara
and Saturdays at »S:43 and 10:2D p. ns.
SUNDAYS— «U3. »S:00. *9:50. »ll:00 a. m. : *12 00
m.; 1:^0. 2:13. *3:30. 4:30, *5:43. 6:13. 7:30. 10:2O
p. m
Trains marked (•) start from San Quentln.
FP.OM MILL VALLET TO SAN FRANCISCO
WEEK DAYS— 5:53. 6:43. 8:00. 8:5i 10:30 a!
m. : 12:35. 1:4* 2:43, 3:C0. 4:50. 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesday*
and Saturdays at 7:10 ami 10:20 p.- m.
SUNDAYS— 6:33. 8:03. 10:03. 11:10 a. m. ; 13U.
t:2a. 2:20. 3:45; 4:5S. 8:1.".. 7:03. 10:30 p. m,
THROUGH TR.VIXS.
7:00 a. tn. week days — Cazadero and way sta-
tions.
3:15 p. m. Saturdays — Cazadero and way sta-
tions.
8:00 a. m. Sundays— Cazadero and way sta-
tions.
12:43 n. m. Sundays — Point Ttcyes and way
stations.
SANTA F"E ROUTE
TRAINS.
MARKET -STREET FERRY.
Lea.y»; Urerianrl: Dally for Chica- Arrive:
go. Kansas City. Denver
and all Eastern points.
El Paso. City ot Mex-
ico. Prescott and Phoe- !
nrx. Ariz.. Ii,ik-r?:VlcJ.
• m. m. Vlsalla. Tulare. Han- t 9. m.
ford, Fresno, Merced,
Stockton, Antioch. Stand-
ard and Tourla: Sleep-
ers to Chicago. Dintn?
car between Stockton
and Bakersneld.
Stockton Local: For San|
4:10p.m. Pablo, Pinole. Mulr, Bay 11:05 a, m.
Point, Cornwall. Anti-
och and St->ckton.
Bakersnelcl L.ccai: For San
Fablo, Pinole. Muir. Uay
Point. Cornwall. Antt-
I p. m. och, Stockton. M?ri-ed, * a. ra.
Fresno, Hanford. Vl.-m-
l!a. Tulare and Baker*-
neid. Sleepers to Fresno
and Bak?rsf!eld.
TICKET OFFICES: 823 Market st.
Ferry Depot, foot of Mark«t st.. San Frandjo*.
1113 Broadway, Oakland.
MUSICAL ISSTRUMEXT5.
VIOLIN ctrir.ss: never wet: '.x-st In the world;
rr.aklr.c ar.d repairing of all kinds of musical
instruments. Carl C. Anderson. 417 Oeary st.
HEINE Piano Co. removed to 217 Geary
str«*t.
WANTED— UrripVit ;::,;.. for cash; abcut J100.
Addn-ss "42 Kearny fct.
WANTED— 3 Rcod Bqoara pianos, suitable for
schools. HYRON MAUZY. 30S Post st.
UK in the swim; rent a new piano for J3 per
month. fCOTT-CCHTAZ CO.. 560 Hayes st.
THK WILEY B. ALLEN CO.. 32 « Post Bt..
Conover and other pianos.
BOUM£R & CO.. Byron Mauzy. Oabler. Hamil-
ton piSnoc. ;0M Post *t.. opp. T - ;iio:i bquhre.
BARGAIN— Good piano cheap; Installment H
per month. SCHM1TZ. 16 McAllister eL
W. G. BADGES. 4!2 S.irrarr.ento r».. a cm for
Francis Hac—. and Halle»t & Davis j.ianos.
SITERIOR v!"'.ir.s. zl'A:ir*. eld p.nd new. H~
MTLLKR. maJ;<>r. rerairtr. t Latham place.
REDUCTION ra'.o: r.*w pianos: :s payments:
for rent. S! nr.. BWT7KV!<?. 2fl* Port st.
OFFICKS AM) STORKS TO L.12T.
EMMA
Ornces, l.sht ar.d sunny, SIS to J?0 per month;
light, hf-at. .iariitf.r and use of lei. Included, j
TO LET— ZU Puc'.tfc St.: r.ewly painted large j
handsome btor«-; vory cheap.
TO rent— Modern store; well lighted;
rert rn«.^rh!». ;-.'< Hav^ rt.
rEUSOXALS.
GENTLEMAN. 2S years, recently from Europe,
wishes correspondence with re5j»ctable Ger-
ir.an lady; object matrimony. Box 40G5. Call.
JUL.IANISM.
Scientific Healine.
E!» Golden Gate ave.
RAO carrets wove to order and for sale; also
chenille-wove russ, silk portieres; dealer In '
carr»-t twine. In hank cr chain, at lowest I
r^tes. GEO. MATTHEWS. 709 Fifth. Oakland.
£T*ITS to order en easy payments. Art Tailor-
i:--S Co., 1644 Mkt.. under Nicholas Hotel.
TiiE HUL-isON KIVEH CO.. ~
HOPKE BROS.
Mattresses unii rillows made to order, re-
covrred and renovated: honest work guaran- j
teed: prices defy con!|>etitl<-;n; fine upholstery; i
Thone fiC9; factory, lit and 3'Ju Eleventh Pt.; i
tirM-clas--? clear.irrg n;v1 dyeing. 12S O'Farrell. i
near Powell. San Fr:ii5ci.«co.
G. LEDERER has a fine exhibition of hair
ewitcSws this wt • k, $1 up: light and pray I
fwltchf* a specialty: bargains. 1T3 Stockton. I
WHY SUFFER?
Perrons afftlct^d with Rheumatism <T.n mat-
ter of how Iotir star.'linp),or any other chronic
disease, Fhould call at once at the SANS
SOI'OI. 14'? Vnri Ken nve.— the up-to-date in- |
nitution for treatment. We have 25 years' |
experience. Charges reasonable.
ELECTRIC lights in every room— Winchester |
Hotel. 4* Third Bt.. near Market: 700 rooms; :
J.'.c to $1 U per r.ipr.t; Jl 00 to $6 p^r week;
frf* 'bus and barpraee to and frcm the ferry.
O LEPERF.R, the popular hairdresser— The '
vtv r.> ai«-st arl latest !:air Mylt-F. only 25c. i
£'"1TS to order nn installments: $15 upward; ;
tl a wwk. LEON LEMOS. 1117 Market St.. ;
t><>^ v.cr-n Seventh srni Eighth.
PILES— 3^" permanent cures In San Francisco,
who ran b* 1 se^n: do operation; no pain; par-
ticulars tent. Ad. Physician, box liCO. Call.
L*-f".<=rer Quint^r.ira Hair Tonic. 35c hot.; L^der- j
er Poamo Bharnpco. only 5r rk*r- 12! Stockton. •
HAIR quickly curled or waved by u^lng Tal- i
cott'a lauling Buld: Kic a bottle; druscists.
WANTED— Old-fash icned silver, brass, copper j
ware: curi.F. nl! descriptions. 625 Dnpont Et. j
ALFRKDJ'MS ECTPtUa Henna rwtOTf pray '
hair Its nntural c<Mr>r; tl. at ail druKBists. j
CAST-OFT nothin*. old pold and ¦flverbou«bt;
f»n1 Twstfil COLEMAVS. GDC Kearr.y ft.
PHVSHIAXS A\D SCBGEOXSJ
DR. •' H. REEVE. r :r.4 Kearr.y. ceres by eiec-
tric'.ty. Nervous Prostration, Insomnia, Asth- j
sr.a. Uheumatism. Paralysis. Catarrh, Con- I
F'jrrptior, KiSney and inflammatory cases; i
dites^'.s diaenos»»cJ.
DR. C C. O'DONNELL— Office ar.d residence, j
: :" "•:¦ Market n.. t-et. Sixth and Seventh. ¦ j
REAL ESTATE CITY FOR SALE, j
SOL CETZ & BROTHER,
P.OOM A. C.1OCKER BUILDING.
BEADOtTAKTEKS FOR PARK LOTS.
Take Advantage of the Very Low Prices! Don't
Fail to See Us Ut-fore L'uying:
RSJ to JS06— Choicest Sunset lots, near the
M-J'tc 5taa4; ready to *>uild on; $15 monthly.
jr." to I75B— Choice Richmond lots for bulld-
Jryr; j:0 monthly.
ITS to S£/i— On Mifslcn »t. ar.d San Mateo car i
line; only $r> monthly payments.
$.V"i k. Il'VW — For email cottapeF: splendid lo-
•azi'T:?: nf-ar cat?; xtaynient* as rent-
Call for Maps and Diagrams.
SOL GETZ & BROTHER.
ROOM A. CROCKEU BUILDING.
THE rr/.'.-est let in Richmond, west fM? Tenth
a\>\, ;.r. fept pi>uth fr<Mn Clement; 2"x:23 feet; |
DO elf-.tted cround: all street work done; a I
prcCU bpne on each Fide of It. and very de-
F'.rabl* on this account; electric ccrs j ass
within a few fr-t^pe. "n Clement ft., every few
r.nu''?; Transfers with Sutter-st. road: one !
'are i'A raits of the city: price enly t*^; U'-'i j
first imymeat. easy Installments to suit: this j
lit c f-t yil.Vi 12 years agro. If you are look- J
Ire tor a desirable lot to build on be sure i
to examine This one.
W. J. (U'NN. TSO California st
MODERN housTF bu!!t; lowest prices ; plans and
etimates furr.ifhed. Catncbell. 1H7 Mission.
ftflSEION cottac*: 6 rooms and bath; larce lot;
t«"-rr.s tn t-j'x bu^er. Qwr.fr ill Kearny st.
REAL ESTATE COCXTKV For Sale
ACCURATE personal knowledge— each of the
1030 ranches on my PALE end EXCHANGE
list. More than all other acents in this city, i
N. IV PICKELS. the Jand egont, 6 Geary st.
FOR sale— About 2 acres of land, near Colma,
fan Mateo County. 445 Valencia ft.
A— JSOO; arre home in Lo» Gatos; L rooms Ap-
p!y A. M. SPKX-K & CO.. CG7 Market st.
Srlt^ifiiSSSUl * ni 'arms foM or exrhanped!
M. ORIKFIN. V.:- Market t=t.; lift free.
REAL ESTATE TO] EXCHANGE.
Hof'PE of 6 ro-»rr.s in AlarnidsT ~w7ri~r^nt"for
US r*r month; fxrhar.ee for lots in Alameda
or Berkeley; east ot Grore Pt. ; mo-te&ire j^ca
MODERN house: bars: BOxIS: in F-uitvale-
f"r fv F. TT"-r>-rtv. <- a il ;ko .Tjn" S 't-t.
REAL ESTATE WAXTEd!
WANTED— For purchase. Palo Alto. bulldTne
lot or cottree in pood location: state lowe=t '
price. E. BAKER. Palo Alto P O
¦ I
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
A I. \MEDA REAL ESTATE.
BAHOAINS In improved and unimproved Aia-
me^» r«>nl estate in all parts of Alanidla on
tasv ttrniE. Alaroeda Land Company, lioo
J'ark ft.. Alarneda; 20 Post st..San Franr-Isco.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
nCttKELEY REAL ESTATE.
f;~J-rOU really should see this: it's worth
Inspection; just completed; southeast corner
Tel*cr&r>b ave. and Derby Ft.; 5-room '-ot- j
tage, Qnlctod In a thoroughly workmanlike
r.nr.rer in <*vry re?p<ct; with e'.ectrlo !f£lus,
can connections, etc.. and only 10 mlr.uTes'
walk from the university. Apply to MASON
& McLEXATHES, adjoining P. O.. Berkeley
Ct»tiott.
BAPS Investxaent for $7500: block cf lanfl favor-
located rear ermtrsr Santa Fe Railroad.
Paril^iHr^ C. WILLMOTT. 110 Market tt-.^.F. ;
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OAKLASn REAL ESTATE. '
¦ acres ,-ast of Fruitvale'; 4 blo^kx of electric
rvrr; Oneet fo!1 in Uic State; land worth J40QO;
o\vr flSOO worth of nor; Improvements throe
months old; *w offer it al! for $3100; cfceap at
dour.!* the pri'f; only ?7^» ciish: balance at 7
r<r cent; wealthy owner rf-o»-ntly planned for 1
« hmnf; oomr-el!«-<l to f~o tmy at once; time
limited: fw to-day: a pick-up.
LAYMANCn REAL ESTATE CO..
460-4C2 Eighth *t.. Oxfcland.
'10O CASH. IT SB monthly; corrfortablc c<-.ttag*
of S rooms; Rood well of water: ciilcfcen-
• ,'iuseF ar.d run; sorr.e flowers; three fin? lots,
oil fenced; etreet work done; near <t mo<J< 1
pchrolhousfr, two electric car lines, new
church in course of erection; away from cold
uinde and fo*rs; excellent moll: will jjrow al-
most ¦.njthlnB; whole price S&~jO: F"ruitva>,
adjolnlnr East Oakland; call or send /or clr-
ruhr, 455 Seventh Ft., Oakland: carr;aae free.
UENEr Z. JONES. Owner.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS. ;
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND ItEAIi ESTATE.
?21".O— MODERN cottage of 6 rooms and lot 32x
' 125; wc-Ft tide Chestnut St., near Fourteenth.
HELDEN ii COOK, Washington and Four-
teenth 6tS. -t" ;":-..
FINE 0-room residence In best location; front-
ing on City Park; would take lot or small
property or go<4 country place in part pay-
ment. BELDEN & COuK, Washington and
Fourteenth f=ts.
5'." l!Xi:i.V t-ituattd lot 50x145; on north
Hide Mcrrimac bt., near Telegraph ave. BEL-
D;;N & COOK. Washington and Fourteenth.
$ac»V-:3xllO; NORTH side Thirteenth St.. near
Center. BEi.DICX & COOK. Washington
anJ Fourteenth sts.
$"500— J200 CASH, balance flat at 8 per cent;
i.tw s rooms, oorcelain bath and tiled sink;
cas fixtures and phades; cement walks; lo-
cation excellent; near local trains and car
lir.es. BELDEN &. COOK. Washington and
Fourteenth 6ts.
JS.*.O — FOUR rooms, bath; high basement; brick
foundation; 1 block from electric cars; 10
minutes-' walk to Fourteenth and Broadway.
| BELDEN & COOK, Washington and Four-
( teonth sts.
MOM PROPERTY for J2S0O; J400 cash, balance
mortgage; house, 8 rooms, bath, etc.; mod-
err.; first-c!ass condition: sunny; barn; out-
! buildingrs: driveway; lot 50x120; location and
I surroundings the best In city; close to trains,
schools, cars, etc.; genuine snap and soon
sold; come early.
J. P. MYERS. 1002 Broaiway. Oakland.
J."OCO HOUSE; for $3500; |500 cash, balance easy
. installments; new Colonial of 7 rooms, con-
taining ail the latest features and Idea3 to
make the ideal home; beautiful location;
sunny; lot o feet above street grade; terraced;
3 blocks from local; between 2 car lines; sur-
roundings first class; must be seen to be ap-
preciated.
1 J. S, MYERS. 1C02 Broadway. Oakland.
OAKLAND FIKXITCRE FOR SALE.
AX introducticn to you from H. Schellhaas, the
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
ROOMS FOR HOISEKEEPIXC.
j ELEVENTH. 120— Two or three sunny rooms;
bay-window; light housekeeping ; $12 or $16;
second floor. Call from 7 to 9 p. m.
HARRIET. 3, oft Howard, near Sixth— Two
furnished housekeeping rooms.
I HOWARD. S40 — Three sunny housekeeping
I rooms. $9.
I LADY poinir East will let 2 to 3 sunny house-
keeping rooms; walking distance of Call; ref-
erence; no children. B. E. H., box 4046, Call
| office.
I LIBERTY. S«? — i large rooms to let; bath ana
| laundry.
'; MARKET. 102S-Large light room and kitchen.
furnished ; folding bed; gas; $10 a month.
MCALLISTER. 53S— 2 nicely furnished sunny
rooms, complete for housekeep'g; private; J15.
' MCALLISTER, S07—3 sunny furnished bay-win-
j dow rooms and bath; German family; >1S mo.
1 NOE, 153—3 or 4 very sunny rooms; lower cor.
! flat; gas range; prate; bath; $12; north Mkt.
OAK. 119— Sunny front room, furnished for
housrkeeiing. $•">; other rooms cheap.
1 POLK. iZ2 — Furnished and unfurniehd house-
keeping rooms; rent cheap-
I POST. 962— Etnny housekeep^ii? Fultes. $12 and
upward; gas range; water; single rms. $7, t$.
! SL'NNNV-BROOK House. NE. cor. Gough,
j Market and Haight— Furnished rooms to let by
i day. week or month; also housekeeping; en-
trance $ Goush et.
i TENTH. 136— Sunny rooms, furnished for house-
keeping; also tingle rooms.
VAN NESS AVE.. 400-3 well-furnished con-
nocting sunny rooms; tubs; large yard and
carden.
VAN NESS AVE.. S15— Parlor floor; all newly
furnished: sunny; large yard; references.
j A BRANCH ofnee for Call advertisements and
Fuh?rriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st.
j CHEAPEST and bestln America— The Weekly
Call, 15 paRe?, sent to any address In the
Tnited States or Canada one year for tl.
! ROOMS TO LET — Furn. and Unfnrn.
ALASKA place, 5, off Mason, below Bay — A
comfortably furnished room, with housekeep-
ing- privilege;:, for a lady to be companion
for a young girl in absence of mother.
A— BRUNSWICK HOUSE, Ui Sixth— Rooms
?T.c to Jl per night, $1 25 to ?5 per week, and
light housekeeping; open all night.
APARTMENTS, single or en suite; furnished; !
rent reasonable. St. James, corner McAllister
and Lacuna me.
! AUSTIN AVE.. 103. off Polk, near Pine-Un-
fumished rooms for housekeeping; largo front
sunny; also others.
j UirRXETT. H2S Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-
! r.l^he.i rms., Euitee, single; also unfurnished.
BUSH. E20 (The Elk)— Changed hands, newly
renovated, nicely furn. sunny rms., {1 BO to $7
week: ZSe to SI SO nicht. MRS. P. RANFT.
CAPP. 20 — 3 larpe Eunny unfurnished rooms In
: quiet family without children.
I CLAY. 1711— Single furnished room; private
family; rent JS.
CLIFFORD. 204 Ellis, ccr. Mason— Elesantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
{ EDDY. 213 — 3 or 4 unfurnished sunny rooms;
conveniences; fine location; private residence.
j ELLIS, 7S2— Nicely furnished medium-sized
room; jrrate, closet, bath, gas; reasonable.
FULTON, 124, near Van Ness ave.. first flat-
Three nicely furnished sunny rooms; bay-
windows.
GOLDEN GATE. 727— Finely furn. front rm.;
tingle, en suite; gents; private; reasonable.
GRAND SOUTHERN, southeast corner Seventh
and Mission gts.— Sunny rooms, en milte or
t-'ingle; ladies' parlor; reading-room; elevator.
GRANT ave., 21 (The Wellington)— Elegantly
j furn. Funny rooms: by day. week or month.
HARRISON*. 731— Large front room; $3 a week.
HOTEL Frar.ciEt-o— Elegant suites; single; tran-
sient; baths. MRS. KING. Turk and Taylor.
HOWARD. S2S— Rooms from $1 week up to JS;
25c to ?1 night; also housekeeping rooms.
HOWARD. 9S3, cor. 6th— Orlando House— New
management; furr.lFhed rms. ; suites or single.
HOWARD, 2C21. near Twenty-second— Sunny
front, room; single; J5.
JESSIE. ?C3. near Fifth and Market— Newly
furnished rooms, $£> and up.
LARKIN. 10f(4, nr. Post — Newly furnished sunny
rooms: light housekeeping; double rm., JS mo.
LAS PALM AS. 1820 Market St.— Suite of 2 or 3
rrr.s. ; private; bath; sin. rms.: board optional.
I LEAVEN WORTH. 405—2 nicely furnished sunny
: rooms. ?s and J9 per month.
I MINNA, M7. comer Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room, $1 per week; transient.
MINNA. 573. near Seventh— 2 nice sunny rooms,
with crate, eas, bath and us© of parlor; J7
and Jv
MIKSION 793. near Fourth-Neatly furnished
rournp. day or week; block from Market st.
MISSION, 1221. near New P. O.— Nicely fur-
nlfhed sunny single front room; Jo.
! NEW MONTGOMERY, 105-20 men to take sin-
gle rooms; 60c to $1 per week.
O'FARRKLL. 10— Sunny furnished rooms and
office*; elevator: electric lights; day. wk.. mo.
°' FARRELL. 742-Nicely furnished sunny quiet
roomy, in mite or single; gas, bath, phone.
I'.OSKDALE House. 319 and 321 Ellis St.— Rooms.
right 2Gc »o Jl. week Jl 25 to J4; open night.
j PSTA 1 * HOUSE, 126 Ellis st. -Incandescent
light; reading room, smoking room and ladies'
parlor; rooms, per night, Kc to $1 50; week. $2
to IS; month. J8 to $S); elevator on offlce
floor: rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
SHERMAN Apnrtment House, 28 Eighth St.,
"<ar Market— Furnished or unfurnished.
SHOTWELL. 121-Sunny furnished front room.
f3 SO i>er month.
] EINdLR furnished rooms. Ji and JP per month
I £224 Ivy ave.. off Octavla, near Hayes.
SIXTH. 136-Furnlshed tunny rooms; single or
FUlres; also rooms for light housekeeping.
STEVENPOJI, CS3— Furnished double and single
rooms; sunny.
TAYLOR. Sl»-Xewly furnished sunny front
room for 2. $15 per month; fras, bath, etc.
" THE SOUTHERN '
NICELY furnished and unfurnished rooms-
terms very reasonable. 43S Fifth st
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
l A BRANCH ofHce for Call advertisements and
Fubscriptlcns has been established at 1096
Valencia et.
ROOMS A\D DO.VRD.
MISS DAYLIN'S. 415 First— Rooms "~with or
without -board; terms reasonable. ; .
BOOMS WAXTED.
TWO or three unfurnished housekeeping rooms,
north of Market; state price. Bor 4066, Ca.ll.
IF you want to rent rooms during holldaya cal!
room C12, Examiner bullJinj.
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 1 o'clock, from the funeral par-
lors of H. F. Maass. 917 Mission street. In-
terment Cypress Lawn Cemetery-
VOSS— In Fort Bragg. September 3, 1900, John
Jr., younsest and beloved son of John and
Mary Voss, and brother of Mrs. L. Gilbert.
Mrs. H. Jensen. Mrs. D. Grosscop and Fred
Voes. a native of New York, aged 22 year3
9 months and 3 days.
WARREX— At rest, SeDtember 5, 1900, In this
city, Kate Warren, mother of Mrs. Kate E.
Sloper and Frank II. Clough of Waupun.
WIs., a native of Isle of Man. aged 70 years
and 7 mouths.
ICTFriends and acquaintances are. respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 10 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 449 Jersey street, between Castro and
Diamond. Cremation Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
ST. DOMINICE Church Building Association—
The monthly requiem high mass for the de-
ceasnrl members of St. Domlnic'3 Church
Building Association will be celebrated at St.
Dominic's Church. Bush and Stelner streets,
this day (Thursday), at 9 o'clock. Friends
are Invited to attend.
and mother of Louisa Buchlgnanl, a native
of Milan, Italy.'
Cyihe funeral will take plaee this day
(Thursday), at &:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, 1509 Broadway, thence to St.
Brlgid's Church, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul
at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery.
CARLSON— In this city, September 4, 1900,
Kigrne Emllie, dearly beloved and only child
of John and Emma Carlson, a native of San
Francisco, aged 5 months and 11 days.
ICTServices will be held this, day (Thurs-
day), at 1 o'clock, at the residence of her
parents,' 1051 Capp street, between Twenty-
fifth and Twenty-sixth. Interment Mount
Olivet Cemeterj*.
CARSON— In this city, September 5, 1900, at
her residence, 1414 Bush Etreet, Rebecca,
widow of the late Bernard G. Carson, and
' mother of John B. Carson, Mrs. M. Huddy,
Mrs. "J. J. Dunbar and Mrs. M. Barr, a na-
tive of Londonderry, Ireland, aged 78 years.
C7"The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Friday), at 9:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 1414 Bush street, thence to St. Mary's
Cathedral, where a solemn requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy
Ctops Cemetery.
DORAN— In Sacramento, September 3. 1900,
John B., beloved husband of Laura Doran,
and father of Wade, Kate and Alice Doran, a
native of Dunkirk, N. Y., aged 48 years 8
months and 20 days. (Jackson, Mich., papers
please copy.)
tn7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 7:45 o'clock, from the parlors
of Carew & EnKlish. 41 Van Nebs avenue,
thence to St. Paul's Church, corner of Twen-
ty-ninth and Church streets, where a re-
quiem hiph mass will be celebrated for the
repoae of his soul, commencing at 9 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
EDRON— At rest, in this city. September 4, 1900,
Albert, beloved husband of Louise Edson.' a
native of Norway, aged 60 years. (Nevada
City papers please copy.)
tr7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from the mortuary
chapel of the Golden Gate Undertaking Com-
pany, 2425 Mission street, between Twentieth
and Twenty-first. Interment Cypress Lawn
Cemetery, by electric funeral car from
Twentieth and Guerrero streets.
GIANNINI— In this city, September 4. 1900,
Amelia Glannlnl, dearly beloved daughter of
Gaetano and the late Rosa Giannlni. and be-
loved Bister cf Eugene Giannini. a native of
California, aged 20 years and 10 days. A
member of Yosemite Parlor No. 83, N. D.
G. W. (Amador and El Dorado papers please
copy.)
CyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the residence
of her father. 219 Berlin street, off Ran Bruno
road, thence to All Hallows' Church, corner
Sixteenth avenue and N street south. South
San Francisco, where a solemn requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
soul, commenoing at 10 o'clock. Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery.
OFFICERS and members of Yosemite Parlor
No. S3. N. D. G. W.— You are hereby notified
to attend the funeral of our late sister. Ame-
lia Giannlni, at the above time and place.
PHBLITA REAGAN. President.
SUSIE KALTHOFF. Secretary.
GRAY— In this city, September 6, 1900, Walter
J., beloved son of R. J. and May E. Gray, a
native of San Francisco, aged 4 months and
1 daj-.
HARNEY— In this city. September 4. 1900. Dan-
iel M., beloved son of Kate and the late Dan-
iel T. Harney, loving brother of Charles J. and
Thomas E. Harney, and nephew of Charles
C. and Edward F. Montague and C. S. and
J. G. Harney. a native of San Francisco,
aped 17 years and 10 months.
lETFrienda and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this Ray
(Thursday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of his mother, 1107 Mason street, thence
to St. Mary's Church, corner of California
and Dui>ont street?, where a solemn requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of his
soul, commencine at 10 o'clock. Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery.
KATSER- In thin city. September 4. 1300, Ruby
Kayser, dearly beloved daughter of Carl and
Lena Kayser, a native of San Francisco, aged
4 months.
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 10 a'»!ock, from tha residence
of her parents, 412 Octavla street, between
Hayes and Fell. Interment I. O. O. F. Ceme-
tery. .
KINGSBURY— In this city, September 5. 1900.
Katie, beloved daughter of Elizabeth and the
late Thomas P. Kingsbury. and sister of
Elenor Kingsbury, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 34 years 6 months and 29 days.
McGINN IS— In this city. September 4. 1300,
Catherine, beloved wife of the late Edward
McGlnnls, beloved mother of Mrs. Nellie
Hceekile, Mrs. Kate Benn and John, James,
Patrick, Mary and Kddie McGinniB. and sister
of Mrs. Ellen liurns, a native of County Fer-
managh, Ireland, aged 50 years 2 months and
14 days.
C7"fhe funeral will take place this day
(Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, 3?6 Ninth street, thence to St. Jo-
seph's Church, where a solemn requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock.,, Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
MALLEY— In San Rafael, September 6. 1900,
Margaret Malley, dearly beloved daughter of
Alice Malley, sister of John J., Patrick and
C. J. Malley. Mrs. E. O'Dea and Mrs. J. J.
Hughes, and niece of Mrs. John liolger, a
native of County Klldare, Ireland.
|E7"Notlce of funeral hereafter. Remains at
the parlors of Carew & English, 41 Van Ness
avenue.
MARLOW— In this city, September 4, 1900. An-
eon Marlow, beloved brother of Mrs. Mollle
Parsons and Mrs. Sarah Barclay of Riverside.
Cal., a native of Illinois, aged 40 years 3
months and 14 days.
(C7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 10 o'clock, from the mortuary
chapel of the Golden Gate Undertaking Com-
pany, 2423 Mission street, between Twentieth
and Twenty-first. Interment Cypress Lawn
Cemetery, by carriage.
MURTA — A requiem mass will be celebrated
for the renose of the soul of the late Mrs.
Catherine Murta at St. Rose's Church, to-
morrow (Friday) morning, at 7:30 o'clock.
NUTTING— In this city, September 4. 1900,
Harriet Bellna Nuttlnsr, wife of the late Jo-
seph K. Nutting, a native of Maine, aged 85
years 7 months and 5 days.
(TTTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 10 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 923 Powell street. Interment Mountain
View Cemetery, Oakland.
NYE— In this city. September 3. 1900. at her
residence. 624 Golden Gate avenue. Margaret
E. Nye, beloved mother of A. E. J., J. M. and
T. F. Nye. a native of Enrland, ajted 61
years and 27 days. (New York papers please
copy.)
ETTrlcnds and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 1 o'clock, from Golden Gate
Hall, €25 Sutter street. Interment Masonic
Cemetery.
TO the officers and members of Golden Gate
Chapter No. 1. O. B. S.— You are hereby no-
tified to attend the funeral of our late sister.
Margaret E. Nye, this day (Thursday), at 1
o'clock, from Golden Gate Hall, 625 Sutter
street.
O'NEIL— In this city, September 5, 1900, Fran-
ces, beloved mother of George D. O'Neil. and
J rrandmother of Geonre J. and Edwin J.
O'Nell. a native of Prince Edward Island.
E7"The funeral will take- place to-morrow
(Friday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 207 Larkin street, thence to St. Mary's
Cathedral, where a requiem mass will be
celebrated for the repose of her soul, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Mount Cal-
vary Cemetery.
PHILLIPS— In thla city, September 6. 1900,
Ike Phillips, beloved father of Mrs. J. H.
Suits, and brother of Mitchell Phillips of San
Jose and Henry Phillips of San Francisco, a
native of New York, aged 55 years 5 months
and 23 days.
POWERS— In this city, September 5. 1900, Mary
Ann, beloved wife of Thomas Powers, and
mother of the late Catherine and David Pow-
ers, a native of the city of Waterford, Ire-
land, aged 32 years and 6 months.
(CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 1 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 47V4 Ritch etreet. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
REIS— In this city, September 5, 1900, Maria
Margaret Rels, dearly beloved daughter of
John and Maria Anna Rels, and beloved sis-
ter of Joseph and Anton Rels. a native of
San Francisco, aged 9 years 6 months and 3
days.
(C71h8 funeral will take place .this day
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence of
her parents, 517 Valencia street. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
ROSS — In East Oakland, September 4. 1900,
Robert D. Ross, son of Frances and the late
Daniel Ross, a native of San Francisco, aged
25 years 1 month and 14 days.
(CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Friday), at 11:30 o'clock, at his
xlate residence, 1405 Ninth avenue, East Oak-
. land.
TALBOT— In this city, September 4, 1900, Mary
D., beloved wife of James C. Talbot. mother
«|of Nellie. John E.. Walter J. and Ida L.
"•Talbot, and sister of Mrs. David Cornfoot a
native of Ireland, aged 69 years. (New York
papers please copy.)
$y Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 9 o'clock, from her late renl-
d»nce. 241O'/4 Sacramento street, thence to St.
Dominic's Church, where a requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
soul, commencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment
Mount Calvary Cemeterj'.
VOHS— In this city. September 4. 1900. Richard
Vohs, dearly beloved hirsband of Theresa
Vohs, and : cousin of Frank Fuernstal. of
Berkeley, a native of Austria, aped 32 years
10 months and 14 days. (Philadelphia and
Boston papers please copy.)
(C7"Frlends and acquaintances aj-e respect-
UNITED UNDERTAKERS.
27 and 29 Fifth St. Tel. South 167.
fUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EHBALMSR1
Finest Equipment at Moderate Rates.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY.
Leave San Francisco via Sausallto Ferry
WEEK DAYS 9:30 a. m., 1:43 and 5:15 p. m.
SUNDAYS. ..8, 9. 10. 11 a. m.. 1:30 and 2:30 p. m.
Fare San Francisco to Summit and return. $1 40
NEW TAVERN OF TAMALPAIS NOW OPEN'*
TTCKET OFFICES ».621 MARKET ST '
SAUSAUTO FERRY.
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
hfcNRY J. GALLAGHER CO..
1The California Northwestern Railway
Company has increased its bonded indebt
edness to $2,000,000. The company purposes
extending its line from Mendoclno County
to Eureka, Humbolflt County, a distance
of 100 miles.
Increases Its Bonded Indebtedness.
A petition In Insolvency was filed yester
day in the Unitod States District Court
by James Anderson. Crockett, merchant.
$854 M, assets $250. Another was filed by
J. H. Laugenour of College City, Colusa
County, farmer, as a member of the firm
of S. H. I*augenour & Son, S. H. Lau
genour having died in March, 1S95. The
debts agrpregate 154.006. of which $23,000 is
due to the estate of the deceased member.
There are $140 assets.
Two Insolvents.
American . and " bear flags, bunting,
shields, festooning and 50,000 rolls of red,
white, blue and orange crepe paper, cut
In strips four trehes wide for ribbon ef
fect In decorating, at Sanborn & Vail's,
741 Market street .•';?.:
Everybody Is Decorating.
George H. Sprirger, second-hand furni
ture dealfr at Fourth and Folsom streets.
FecureJ a warrant In Judge Fritz's court
yesterday for the arrest of A. M. Cole
man on a charge of child stealing. Cole
man drove a milk wagon and lived at 135
Erie street In May last, when he and his
wife agreed to take charge of Springer's
Infant boy. hie wifo having died. Springer
poon became dissatisfied with the way In
which Coleman and his wife kept ' the
child and arranged to take it away from
them. When he went to tho house'lt was
empty, and since then he has asked tho
police to find Coleman. He has now got
a trace of him. hence the warrant.
"Warrant for Child Stealing.
K«*p your baggage checks until you
reach San Francisco; you will save one
half In the transfer of your bacgase.
One trunk <round trip), 50 cents. Morton
Special Deliver.*— Oakland Ferry Depot.
Cjj Market street, 40S Taylor street. •
Notice to Native Sons.
The Fair Will Positively Close To-
Night— Tho Admission Is Only
Ten Cents.
The attendance was so large last night
at 9t. John's bazaar that Father Brady
has decided to run the fair one more
night. It will positively close to-night
and all the raffles will be decided.
From the early part of the evening un
til after midnight the hall was crowded
and last night's tlnanclal result was one
of the biggest of the season. The ice
cream and refreshment booth was rushed
and made all kinds of money. Mrs. Lynn
and Misses Kittle. Lena and Teresa Lynn,
Mrs. Sherry and Mra. Chambers acted as
tho caterers and netted big results.
I Gus Ewell and Peter TVimony were star
auctioneers and sold everything that was
In the booths that was not to be raffled
Miss Mamie Brady worked hard on the
floor, disposing of tickets on a diamond
ring. .¦•; ,. ¦ -
The fair will close to-night— this will be
your last chance. Take the Mission street
(yellow) car and ask the conductor to stop
at old St. Mary's College.
LAST CHANCE TO VISIT
SAINT JOHN'S BAZAAR
The San Francisco and San Mateo Ag
ricultural Association has selected Charles
R. Harker of San Jose to judge poultry
and Belgian hares at the fair to be held
at Tanforan Park beginning September
24. The committee has decided to change
the system of judging from that of scor
ing to one of comparison. Entries for
these and all other premium lists will
close on September 10 with E. F. Smith,
202 Sansome street.
Will Judge at Tanforan.
N". T. No. 1 Stenographers' Note Books used
by official repcrt«rs. Mysell-Ftollins. 22 Clay. •
Henceforth the Mint saloon at Fifth and
Market streets, in which more schemes
for despoiling the nem-ral public have
b>-en concocted than In any other place of
tho kind In the city, will be conducted on
ordinary business lines. The heeler, the
"gent" who enjoys the stuffing of ballot
boxes and the breaking of the heads of
the opposition, will In the future miss the
Rlad hand of the oleaginous Philip. The
political partner of the notorious Martin
Kelly did not dispose of his business from
any compunctions of conscience or frcm
a desire to get out of the business on sen
timental grounds, but because the public
has finally sized him up at hl3 real value
and discovered that It cost a great deal
of a man's reputation to be seen going
Into the political boozing ken. In other
words, Crlmmins found the saloon busi
ness unprofitable, notwithstanding the
fact that he had one of the best corners
for business In the city. It ls understood
that the exposes of The Call recently
were largely responsible for the rough
house politician's retirement from active
business life.
Temporarily Crlmmlrs will make his
The tough element which has followed
the devious political ways of Phil Cnm
mins and has fed on crumbs from his
tablu will experience a severe shock in
the reading of the announcement that the
notorious boss who attached himself to
the Republican party and aped the dis
reputable methods of Chris Huckley has
rt-tlrod from the paloon business.
Bad Methods and Their Expose by
The Call Send the Tough Politi
cal Boss Promptly Into
Retirement.
Notorious Politician Has
Finally Retired From
the Liquor Traffic.
PHIL CRIMMINS
HAS SOLD THE
MINT SALOON
Mrs. Miner's husband left here a short
time ago for New Mexico, where he has
extensive mining: Interests.
Shortly aft^r 2 o'clock yesterday Mrs.
Miner left her home to do some shopping,
fine returned about G o'clock and was sur
j.riseu to find her servan; absent. Suspect
ing someihins wrong, she went to her
room and discovered that the Chinaman
had decamped with the ban of gold. After
notifying the policeman on the beat, Mrs.
Miner hurried to police headquarters,
where Bhe told the story of the theft of
the money to Captain of Detectives Sey
mour. The latter at once detailed two
of his men to arrest the thieving China
man, but up to a late hour last night they
had not succeeded in getting a trace of
him or of the Molen coin.
Mrs. W. II. Miner of 817 Hyde street had
tGOO in gold stolen from her last evening
by a Chinese rervant whom she had em
ployed a few days before. The money was
In a chamois bag. which was hung In a
closet, concealed behind several dresses.
Watched Where She Hid the Money
and Possessed Himself of It
During Her Temporary
Absence.
Mrs. Miner Robbed of Six
Hundred Dollars by Chi
nese Servant
STOLE A SACK
OF GOLD FROM
HIS EMPLOYER
headquarters at the same old place in or
der to keep in touch with his "people."
but the saloon will be run as a business
proposition and not as a part of a dis
reputable political machine.
The license Js now In the name of J. H.
Pcin. who owns a saloon at the corner of
Misrfon and Third streets and who is well
known In retail liquor trade circles. He
is not in politics.
Jump at the Bait
A different name appears on every pnok
ng<» and letter, but the value of each Is
the same fjiwi). and the express charges
to he paid are also the Fame ($h) in every
case. The pros;" ct of petting J2<v» Just for
the recovery of the papers was an oppor
tunity to get rir-h quick which few of the
Constable? allowed to pass unnoticed
They raJd the JS charges without the
slightest hesitation, and even now it is
difficult to make pome of them believe
that they are victims of a clever confi
dence game. The persistency of the Chief
of Red Bluff, after belr.K refused the
papers on the ground that they were not
genuine. Js Shown in the following tele
pram sent to the superintendent of Wells
Farro & Co. In this city yesterday after
non:
S. D. BrMtow, City Marshal. Insists papers
be delivered to him on order he holds. Wants
them la h!» possession. Advlee.
F. I* WALBniDOE.
Mr. Brastow telegraphed back that the
If you can find such a man. please promptly
arrfst him. notify me by wire and I will come
bjr nr«t train, as I hold a crown warrant for
hi' arre«t and will promptly pay the J:r,Q to you.
which I offer es a reward for his capture. We
nlso hplie-.e that the securities etc^n have
bef-n rent to him through some express coni
rr.r.y by a firm of attorneys in or near Hoston.
whom they were left for security on some
'i.'bt. They may possibly be In your express
office now. w> think they were sent him un
der thf name of R. K. M»rrill. which alia? he
has likely assumed In your section. I inclose
you an order that will cnnblo you to obtain
agent, should they be In your express office.
Kindly po to the express offlce and see if they
.'»re there; if so. be very careful and obtain
them. Do not Five the express airent any par
ticulars, but simply present the Inclosed order,
pay whatever charges there may be on them
ar.d promptly notify me by mail, and I have
>.'O lopay you as a reward for their recovery.
In addition I will pay such reasonable ex
l'ns*F as you may be put to In setting them.
"3>e aocurltle* consiFt of certificates, four In
number. Issued to bearer by the New Found
land Pulp and I^and Company and are cf irreat
value to my clients; hence we. do not want
them to en back to the lawycru, who possibly
m!cht claim to be Innocent purchaser* and es
tablish a lepal claim to them. Po kindly go to
your express office at on^e and see if they are
thTe: if s<. get them If possible. If you should
find traces of them writ* me at ence; do not
wire me. as or-.e of Byrnes' friends In in a tele-
Kraph office here and m'cht be In touch with
him. Hut lay low and watch for him, and he
will doubtless appear and aek for express mat
ter, when he can easily be taken. I Inclose
you rcy envelope, which pleas; use In writing
to me.
Now I have UV> In my possession— tZA for the
men and J^O for the securities, and I hope you
may be lucky enough to earn It. Trusting you
will promptly k.<-.k into this matter. I beg to
remain, yuura very truly.
noVoLAPS vr hilt..
Cfcief Inspector. Halifax. Nova Scotia.
oent concession says that Byrnes ls likely
*"niewh»re In the vicinity of your town; hence
we write to request th.at you look out for him.
He !s twenty-four years old. 5 feet 11 Inches
till, srr.ooth face, has dark hazel eyes, one
"I'Per frort tooth Rone, light brown hair and
hae first Surer on left hand cut off. He ls of
Hpht complexion and usually dresses In dark
or black cloth"?.
A Constable st Santa Cruz was so cer
1 tain that his man would show up that he
j concealed himself In the offlce to await the
fujrltlve'3 appearance.
I While the packages containing the land
warrants were sent out from Greenville
Junction, the letters to the Chiefs were
mailed from St. Stephens, which ls across
the line, and thus the senders avoided pos
sible entanglement with the Uniteu States
postal law.
The express company has knowledge of
hogus packages in the following places-
Pasadena. Merced. Lathrop. San Jose
\\ atsonville. Santa Cruz, Danville Oro
vlile. Grass Valley and Red Rluff.
The JS received from each police officer
was to be forwarded to Frederick Brew
| ster. attorney and counselor at law wlth
| out any particular address, in New York
1 Search warrant served In this offlce to-day
from Nevada County Superior Judge for land
warrant, supposed stolen. value $1000. from
fireenvllle Junction, Province of Maine. Ad
cress J. W. Phillips. Attorneys have seen
Charles Gardner. Advise by telegraph.
S. P. DORSET.
Another telegram came from the com
pany's agent at Grass Valley, Cal., which
read as follows:
City Marsha! could have the package If
he was so anxious to pay the $S charges,
and added that In making the purchase
he would be getting the poorest kind of a
gold brick.
SCHEME BY WHICH OFFICERS WERE FOOLED.
On July 10, 1500, he ahtconVd. after stealing
thirty-two hundrM C$3200) dollars In cash and
t'tr.e laiiij warrents or oertsfirates valued »t
«tv>ut five thotisar.a 'SSOOT) «loliars. With him
•went a fellow clerk r.&rr.fi W'atoon. We traeel
them to Boston. New York and Chicago, an-^
ct the latter plaoo we captured Watson, whom
we now have In prison htr*. and who In a re-
see and "!ay jovr arid watch out for on*
>I. I). Byrnes, an abscondinR cashier in
the office ot the Bowring Steamship Com
pany at Hai'.fax." who had b*>en traced
to that locality. For the rapture ot
liyrnes. of whom a complete description
¦was given, a reward of 1250 was offered,
end for the recovery of the express pack
fifre an additional reward of l2uO would be
paid.
The letter sent to ea/?h Cfcief and Con
stable reads aa follows:
HALIFAX. Nova Scotia, Aug. 72. WW.
Hear fir: I wish to advise you that I am au
thcrlred to offer >\>u a reward of two hundred
end fifty (fT^C) dollare for the aj-r^st of one M.
IV Byrnes, who until recently lived In this cltv
»r,i3 was cs*hl»r in the offic* of the Bowrir.g
Fteamship Coir.par.y.
After payir.p th* ehargr«s .and pecurinj?
possession of th»-> package the peace officer
confided to the express a^ent that he had
received from the- criminal department of
the Car.ad'.an P.uroau of Justice a letter
rr-auestir.g him to Ff-cure the expres? pack-
"Lay Lou- and Pay Charges.*'
Unique Scheme
Umcoyeired by
Wells - Fargo
Detective.
PEACE OFFICERS BITE EAGERLY
AT BAIT OF CLEVER BUNKO MAN
THE SAIN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, SEPTEMUim, *, -300.
12
V-,** f^EXT fc'.r.d of bunko pame was
/¦!— -n brought to !:ght yesterday. The
_^' chosen victims are the very men
t'> vhom the ur.susp-ctir.g public
look for protection. So clever is the
scheme and £¦> Ivrinp the bait that the
rr.ost precodoim officer Is pold-hricked be
fore ).e has Time to realize what he has
dune. It is believed the pame has beon
vorked In tnrexy State in the L'r.ion. at an
exper.se to the conspirators of probably
several hundred dc'.lars. but with a pros
pect of netting then as many thoi'.5ands.
The expose w«>s tnaife by Detective
liurr.o of Well*. Fareo &.Co. after that
concern had received an endless array of
Utters ar.d telegrams from its agents ask
lr.s for ir.stru~tio:.s relative to the dispo
sition of certain packages of "valuable
certificates** expressed from Greenville
Junction. M^. These packages began to
turr. v.p in the Citlereni ol^ces of the com
pany in the small towns of the State yes
terday morr.i:ic. Hardly had they be<*n
received crhea the Chief of Police or Con
stable of the place called and mad? in
quiries oo!'.'rr.'!!,-,g the documents. In
each case tb« Ofcief or Constable pos
fessed tne name of the person to whom
the package v. - as ad-rc-£«€/-. together with
en order for -t.< delivery to him on pay
ment of the <\ O. D. charges. The order
n ad ap follows:
HALIFAX, Jfori Fe.tia. Aug. K. 1900.
Exprf-fs Ar^nt, , CaL: Pieaae deliver to
Chief cf Police of ycur town, or bearer, eny
express matter you may have a1dr«fs».l to ro».
(Signed) W. II. SCHMIDT.
The whi.key that touches the right spot every
time la Jeaje Moore; to be had from all flrfet-
class ill ii 1 1 n. J'ijU.WmI Jlli '
Dr. E. L. Perrault ha* resumed practice
at 236 Sutler st. . •
Keith's opening of French pattern hats,
bonnets and millinery novelties Friday.
Saturday. September 7 and S. Keith's. SOS
Market street. Phelan building. •
ADVERTISEMENTS.
We Are Giving
3T1
~- Premiums rHEh
WITH
Teas, Coffees,
Spices, Extracts,
Sotta, Baking Powder
Good Time and Place to Day
Great American \swm& Tea Co.
MONEY-SAVING STORES.
.10-21- Grant Ave. jBet. Butter and Porno
bU Market St. t Opp. Powell.. "**>•
HO Sixth St. U
S56 Hayes St. «S Third St.
1419 Polk St. Hi Montcomerr ATt.
KM Mission- St. 705 Larkla fit.
t00« Sixteenth St. 1S13> Devlsadero St.
J« I^nth St. 475 HalKht St.
.008 FHlmore St. »$5 Mission St.
52 Market St, 1732 .4th St.
OAKLAND STORES.
1053 Washington Su CIS E. 12th 3t,
1237 Broadway. US* 23<_ Ave.
1510 Seventh St. 1365 Park St.. Alameda.
B St.. near 4th. aan Rafael.
A Big Premium Given With
Every Purchase.
Opera Glasses
20% Cut,
In <*.un'P& I^" lr !f-.r' lth " ni1 w «thout handle..
Oculists prescriptions m\e<\ Factory on
premi.es. Quick repairing . Phont* MaUTa
OPTICIANS^ H0I >^ =US .
642 Market 5t. instruments
u»ota chronxi.*. bl"idim&. Catalogue hit.
"drTmcnulty.
T r IS ) v ,F r -^KXOWN AND RRLIA BLE Of-D
i f>p«;L-iIlstcwrMnio<vl Poison. Uonorrhcpa..n If rt,
...i .'"/!'• s< " r »l»ul Weakness.Impotenceand tbelr
f^ '«i )iv>rr1 » r9 - n<v >* «n Pisenses of Men. Iff.
otXi r 1 1 if ea ™'''iP«"1ence.Tpr_a^rea_nni»bie. Hoars
9tf>3dally;6:."WtnS.:»pv 1 Bs. Sandarn.lOtrt 12. Omsul-
tatioDfrceaudsacrcdlycon-ldentLiL Call or address
• P. UOMCOE Sfc.VUI.TY. 31. D.
SfiJs'Kearnyst., Kan Francisco, CaL
T\e have Just made up a very large samd.
line of SILK WAISTS, made of the very best
quality of Taffeta Silk and in the very late*,
style. We will place them on sale at S2 4ti
*.'t.i>5. 94.75. 95.OO, *6.OO and »U 5O-1
pome are worth from Jl 00 to f 2 00 more
'apiece.
All Goods Manufactured on Premises
Retailed at Wholesale Prices.
SILK WAIST.
BIO SALE IN FLANNEL GOWNS ln all sizes
cui^very full. On sale at 4Sc. ' «5c. ! 75c!
FLANNEL GOWNS.
COc LADIES PLAIN HEMSTITCHED SKIRTS
full width. On sale to-day, :h>c. '
OUR $1 25 SKIRTS, trimmed with wide Torchon
lace and insertion. On sale at O8c
OUR $1 50 SKIRTS, trimmed with wide em-
broidery. On sale to-day at Sl.SO
OUR *2 00 CAMBRIC SKIRTS, trimmed with
Insertion and embroidery. On sale at 91.43
LADIES' SKIRTS.
COMBINATION CHEMISE, made of b»st qual-
lty^cambria Oj^ale to-day at G5c. >B C .
COMBINATION CHEMISE
2.V: CHEMISE on sale to-day at 17e
8-".c CHEMISE on sale to-day at 24e.
£0c CHEMIBB on sale to-day at "ISe
75c CHEMISE on sale to-day at 4!)c.
CHEMISE.
25c MUSLIN DRAWERS, all »lze_, with wide
hem, i.e.
OVR JOc HKMSTITCHBD DRAWKRS extra
wld*-. all sizes. To-day's price 25c
«c UDIES- BEST MUSLIN DRAWERS,
trimmed with Torchon lace. On sale t<>-
Bfe 'ijfDIKS' DI.ST MUSLIN DRAWERS
trimmed with wide embroidery. On sale"
OUR T3c LADIES' DRAWERS, umbrella style
trimmed with b»st quaJlty embroidery On
pale, 4J»c.
%l 00 LADIES' CAMBRIC DRAWERS, trimmed
with Insertion and lace. On sale, 74c.
LADIES' DRAWERS.
GOWNS.
OUR SADIES' Be SAILOIl COI-LAR GOWNS
neatly trimmed, extra length. To-day's
LADIES' BEST MUSLIX $1 00 COWXS, hl*h
"mbrekTeV 111 AVSrs "pric"" 74?" 1 " 1 Wlth
"23 BEST QUALITY MUSLIN
GO\\NS,trlinmed with Irish point embroidery
To-day's price. l>He.
L tui, F ' S 'i^ 1 \° , CA ?'BR'C GOWKS, trimmed
with wide \a!enc!enne_ lace or embroidery
in many style.. To-day's priee. 81.18
OLR $2 CO CAMBRIC GOWNS, largeBallor col-
lar, trimmed with Irish point lace, $1.48.
1212-1214 MARKET ST.
MU8LINWEAR
SALE
TO-DAY!
SPECIAL SALE!
Thursday— Friday— Saturday.
THESK S BAHGA1XS ARK TH'S
JKK'S HINTS FOB CAREFUL V.VX
EH3. WE HAVE A STORE FI/L .OF
i__2™?f a vs?; T s"¥o E te
Butter, lb 25c
Finest Creamery.
White Figs, lb 10c
New Cali.ornla Figs. Kesularly 15c.
Ceylon Tea— "Diamond Jubilee."
Recorr.mer.ded for strength, fragrance anl
JraTs UP ln 1<?ad r °" P*cka ge _t-?«-J
XXX-tj ib. 3Oc; 1 lb.. 53c.
Hpgularly 4-V and 7_c
XXXX-i. lb.. 40o: 1 lb.. Too.
Iiejjularly iOc and tl.
Port and Sherry, bot..25c
Frsneh Castile Soap, bar 25c
Virgin branf}. Resularlj 1 30c
Yellowstone Whiskey. .
lull qt bet, SI; gal. $4
The original old-establlshoO bran..: High
proof. Regularly |1 __. and Jj.
Sicily Lemons, doz. . . .20c
Extra choice and good sized.
Regularly 30c.
Key West Ci?ars, each. 5c
"Perla <Je Santiago," box of 50. $_ 23.
A lOo smoke for a nickel.
Country Orders Solicited— Cataloged Frea.
39 STOCKTON ST.. near Market.
(Old number 21 Stockton st,)
TELEPHONE MAIN So--.
j_jjw5Tjiir-.il /w)
WASH YOUR OWN CLOTHES ?
Well, that's your privilege; but when
you see the excellent work we do, and tha
low prices we chars-e for family washing
the chances are that your next week*
wash will come to us. Needn't send—
we'll call, also deliver on the day wa
promise tt. Ask us, by word of mouth
mall or telephone, what we charge.
Domestic finish for full dress shirts If
you order It. _____
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
Office 1004 Market Street, '«
N«ar Powell.
Telephone— South 42O,
Oakland Offlce-62 San Pablo Ave.
Weekly Call, $1 per Year
l^llJ^^^^&fj^^new fall miSlinerv ! P' ;
X^fef- 1^ Thursday. Friday and Saturday
natural flowers and palms and the new millinery conceits transform the
department into a bower of beauty.
therz's s touch of early autumn in the air—the millinery parlor has put on its autumn dress, the forerunners
of the new seiscn s fashions are here in all the elory of newness, freshness and beauty, not so very many as yet
but quite an aristocratic collection, each one of which will add distinguished b:auty to th« toilets of wlvch it
be-.cmss a part, som* of them are reproductions of lately imported models, some are exact ''ac-s-'miles cf Ukdmz
New York successes, st I, others are triumphs of our own experts, who have no equals in this entire western country
i5r abi.ity.a'd skill, the door o: style is opsn. welcome, four of the hats are briefly dcs:rib-d below.
the "Cliapcau Maisv"— desicned bv the "La Malmaison"— an exact re- the "La Trianon"— a laree hat with the "Candine" a |, f « m-,-'- m i
edged and trimmed with black vel- rtl e : Pa " s ' lt ls made of . ]c . *>«!* and draped with appliquei with folds of velvet and faced with
vet. three rich white plumes droop blue iielt. with garniture cons.sttng ot cream hce, w.th a putt of flowered folds of" white crene two bhek
over the left side and are held with o l pmk lelt. the turned-up taffeta silk around the crown, held in plumes fastened withalarce »t^*lVr
the velvet by a very handsome fancy brim is trimmed with a bow of place by a rhinestone ornament, .i namert in f-nnt A« th* ,•' ? »- t
buckle. The brim is faced wuh black " velvet and fancy feathers, a^blue pluSi^and.blacIct^is^Il t
black velvet, price... c^O 00 vcr - v ctlic and dashing c^b^ nn the" brim. a Virot- C79 :;#> bciu^v £il? n J>T 1 a P!CturcsciT " ?
3>^U.UU creation . price $12.01) Berthe model, price... *H'SV s5Sc5ftS^^"$25-00
autumn newness in the cloak and suit department.
the new things arc ccming fast— exe'usivs types of smart new things in ready-to-wear suits wraos sk^'rt*;
ani sik waists abound on every side, the collection is net as largs as we will show later in the season cf con
but it is quite comp.ele for so early a gathering and distinctively free from the commonplace and the ob-ole^'
every garment is new, beau iful, attractive and right on the top»crest of fash on's wave, these four new comers a «
especially wor h seeing. cr:> arc
kersey jackets, in black and all the taffeta silk dress skirts, a late Pari? beautiful taffeta silk waists, in kenev ?a k "
new shades of tan and castor: made novelty, remodeled to conform to black and every fashion demanded popular, shades -'of.' tan ;^ made :whS
with the new coat back and silk vel- American made handsomely tucked in front pIS,n°"? r "h d "r' 7 " of ' cenuilie
vet collar, trimmed with seventeen , ... Persian lamb: taffeta silk lined
rows of stitchinc- lined throughout front and dee P flou "CC trimmed and back, new style collar, finished throughout: shaped and tailored ns
with tafleta silk, 'price $;•/> aa wlih 2 5 rows of tailor <!i|ft — _ with large silk bow edged -, » J??*'i e . x P ect Richest crade to
3>IU.UIJ stitching pdee §10.75 with deep fringe price _ §3.09 ?^.^! t . s ;...^ r ; ce -- $14.75
the linen sale- Mf -— -^ new dress trimmings-
will be continued to-day. on show and sale to-day.
IBHH^jlHBBEgHHBHgHHBnanHEBgHB^l^^^
Hale's.
Hale's.
Hale's.
Hale's.
t _m^ai \m ¦¦¦ aa J iB lwH^__^r^8_ 1 1ITjiMBfl_BE___c8_y^
PAINLESS
DENTISTRY!
I , Evenings until 9. Sundays all * |
B ' Full Set of Teeth, pain- ' 4 p!
fa lees extractions free..»4.OO up A H
B ' Gold Crowns. 22-k $:i.."li up *3
B 'Fillings _S5o up " y
ttf ' ' Teeth Without Plates Our ' ' B
g ' Epeclalty. We give eas. " H
I "VAN VROOM,"\
H tOOt MARKET, H
IS IXTH and MARKET. 1
The Jreat av
talking JQs.
machl#n( v4|ps|
f&fl«__&-!5it 4
< t3____=lsL
Th. Zon-o-phone is th? highest
type of talkinc machin; nudlc, as
it reproduces music an! talk with
all tne characteiistlcs of thf origi-
nal.
Th_ Zon-o-phone enatl.s you
to practically £lv_ a vaud:vil!e
entertainment at a home jrathering
cf your friends. Th; entertaln-
mtnt Is uniqu. and O'lglnal and is
always appreciated.
Zon-o-phor:-* cost «l5 t 522.50,
$25.00. according to the finish.
Records 50c cacn. You ix- cor-
ciaily invi ei to visit our Zn-o-
phone rooms and hear this won-
cerful talking machin:.
Sherman, Clay & Co,,
Stcinway Piano Dealers,
Cor. K>arr.y and Sutler ets., S. F.
Cor. l_th and Broadway. Oakland.
Cor. irtS and Morrison eta.. Portiand.
711 Second ave_